Continued on Page Two.
sooner the cleansing.^process is done the
better it will lie for San Francisco. The
whole world has its eyeson that section
of San Franciscd, and when the city has
been- placed in a sanitary;, condition : it
will free itself from the cloud of danger
that hangs over it. As far 'as I can .see
the duty of the San Francisco Health au
thorities is plain. It matters not. .what
money it may cost nor. what labor may
be involved, the Board of Health of San
Francisco has upon its shoulders a sol
emn duty which it niust perform. The ex
citement created by the plague has called
to the attention of the authorities the out
rageous unhealthy condition at China-
town. Neither the people of San Francis
co nor the : authorities who represent
them can : afford . to - wait. - \ Chinatown j is
known -throughout the world as one of
the filthiest quarters in existence in a civ
ilized city, and San Francisco will not be
relieved from the suspicion of other cities
and " States until ;. it has" removed this
pla«ue" spot: . • , • : • . . ;
•"In consideration of the fact that the
people 'of .the- United • States have ex
pressed _great ¦ uneasiness atthe situation
in' San.Franclsco.-I.want-to. declare posi
tively that there is not, the remotest dan
ger of contagion i in* San Francisco if the
uroner radical measares recqmme.nded are
carried; out I do not apprehend' any
danger In the future. It seems to me "."o
«\ddent from the . present condition of.
things that ; plague does not. exist in San
Francfsco tha£ I would not hesitate- to
spend- the summer in this city with, my
family if it were necessary so to do. be
lieving thus that I would run no special
danger and with the knowledge that I
would be absolutely free from contagion.
This I consider • a strong argument in.
favor of the correctness, of my position.'.
No man wants to sacriHce his family nor
jeopardize his personal interests by asso
ciating himself- with obvious or threaten-
Incr.dnne-er. . " •:
THE Chinese should consider that this movement is for their; good; that the- white man is
a friend to the Oriental, in spite of what is said to the contrary. I am convinced that the
citizens of San Francisco are doing what they canto cleanse the Chinese quarter/and
that the inhabitants of that quarter will appreciate their efforts. I do not anticipate
any trouble in that quarter. I am of the opinion that the Chinese will cooperate with the
citizens, and that all this talk of riot is moonshine.; 1 1 found during my investigation that the
Six Companies are perfectly willing to work with the authorities. There will be no trouble in
Chinatown if the local-Board of Health takes reasonable measures allowing the Chinese to
attend iq their business/and assuring them that, if everything goes well, they will be in a bet
tercondition than heretofore. Some one of influence with the Chinese should persuade them
that no harm is intended to them. We all know that the Chinese .are suspicious,. and every
effort should be made on the part of those in authority to relieve this suspicion.
DR. SHRADY S WORDS OF COUNSEL TO THE CHINESE.
<=if=3HE Brard of Health met last
{I evening' and were informed by At-
H torney Dunne that fee had attended
a meeting of the Chinese Six Com
panies relative to the food supply of Chi-
SUPERVISORS ASKED TO -
PEED INDIGENT CHINESE
fussmin. Wormser & Co 200
Crone & Co .' 1
P. F. and N. P. R. R *....
Hnokrr & Co..:.. 100
Stinlebaker Bros. Manufacturing Company. 2M
Castle Bros : S>
Emporium nnd Golden Rule Bazaar... £00-
Redington & Co 230
John A. Roebllngr Sons Company v»
Parke-Lacy Company 100
Tates & Co Ijo
S. H. Prank & Co 100
Murphy. Grant & Co 1000
Commercial Union Assurance Company.,... 230
Thomas Day Company 100
Itallan-Swl*s Colony KO
Otis. McAllister & Co .-.. i»)
Cutta Percha Rubber and Mfg. Co 100
W. R. " Grace A Co 23>)
California Powder Works 500
GoWbertr. Bowen & Co v 1M
Neville & Co 2T->
D. M.. Osborne &.Co , i<»
IToffmann. Rothschild & Co.....
A. Schilling & Co tM
Aires & Harris ..; r>0
J. A. Folgrer & Co „.. 250
Baker & Hamilton 500
Risdon Iron "Works ,...,: 600
Mlll-r. Sloss & Scott.......... 500-
McCarthy Bros ..., 100
Hills Bros 100
William daff Company 10)
Payot. TTpham 4: Co 10<>
I. D. Spreckels Si Bros. Company 100O
S. Koshlanii & Co 23*
Pacific Works 250
Stein. Simon & Co NXr
American Biscuit Company
-peere Implement Co */>
W. I>nvi3 & Son mo
. "The garbage accumlated should be de
stroyed within the district and In a few
days & consumer will have been, placed
in . 2P«ratlon wJiJcb will materially alrt u».
. "The feeding of the Chinamen is a ques
tion that will cause us considerable
trouble and other emergencies will crop
up, but you can depend on us to do th.*
w i°i. ,; " J ou contribute assistance. We
will do the work, but we desire that you
handle the money, and audit all claims."
Mayor Phelan followed in a few re
marks, in which he expressed himself In
favor of giving Chinatown a forced
clea»sing and said that the Health Board
had "been working under disadvantages
and had had insults heaped upon it ga
lore, but had under 1 the circumstances
made an excellent showing.
Chairman Watkins then called on Dr
Shrady. who spoke to the: point on the
situation. He said: "You are going about
It in the right way and I am glad to see
the merchants stand by the local Health
Board. The cleansing of Chinatown is th j
main feature of the situation, and when
you get it clean you should make Its deni
zens keep It so. Make them live above
ground and do away with their subterra
nean passages. Isolate any suspicious
case and disinfect every inch of the area.
Your quick and generous action is indeed
a ster> In the right direction."
. Subscriptions were then offered. Some
members entered their names but named
no amounts, promising to do so to-day.
A committee of ten will be appointed
this morning to take charge of the fund
and to get further subscriptions. Th«
sum of $28,350 was realized at the meeting
and it Is likely that the needed amount
will be forthcoming to-day judging from
the easy manner In which the merchants
donated.
Following !3 the list as subscribed at
yesterday's meeting:
Schwerin on behalf of the Steamship Com
pany he represents J30C0
LeVl Strauss & Co 10&1
Crown Distilleries 500
Unknown ;¦>¦¦)
Pacific Sheet Metal "Works 500
Alaska Commercial Company SO!)
Board of Trade t 200*)
Mayor Phclan 1000
Dunfiam-Carrfg-an-Hayden Company.... 1009
Fruit Canrers" Association 100O
Alaska Packers' Association 50O
I* Dlnkelspiel & Sons K0
Wellman, Peck & Co 250
Gladding. McBean & Co 2".)
Henahaw. Bulkeley & Co li>j
Buckingham & Hecht 254
Oreenebaum. Weil & Mlchela.. 100
Cahn, Xtckelsburs & Co 100
William Lewis & Co 100
Carlson-Currier Company ..; JO)
Haas Bros 250
Nathan. Dohrmann & Co 10©
New York Belting' and Packing Company... 100
Guiwrenhime & Co 100
D. N\ A E. Walter & Co 230
Captain Charles Nelson 230
Anglo-American Crockery & Glassware Col 100
"A detention camp Is an immediate ne
cessity. China Cove, if we could get it,
would be acceptable, and Mission Rock
would, answer the purpose.
"The sugar warehouses would be the
best place In this emergency, and efforts
are being made now to secure the prem
ises if needed."
Dr. Williamson was called on again to
answer what he thought would be the
proper steps In the present situation. He
replied that the board was financially un
able to cope with it. The board had
started on the one object of ridding the
district of filth and putting It in a proper
sanitary condition. The flushing of the
sewers is an Important Issue, though not
without obstacles, many of the side sew
ers having blind extremities. He said:
"We have taken cognizance of the dan
ger of the spreading of disease by rats
and have killed many of them by means
of poisoned fish. The fish are split open,
filled with a poisonous oil and placed in
the sewers on long planks. The flsh have
disappeared, and consequently many rat3
have been destroyed, but it is a small
percentage of what must be done.
"The exits of the district must be closed
and we need more help to moke the ouar
antlne effectual. . ... r
every inhabitant of the area should b»
taken and an Inspection be had every day.
Where a disposition to evade any sanitary
order is shown proper punishment should
be dealt out. Where a new or suspicious
case develops It should be isolated until
It could be determined. Every insQector
and worker in the district should be Inoc
ulated, and every article in the houses
should be thoroughly disinfected or de
stroyed. Keep as few in the district as
possible and offer inducements to get
them from their unsanitary condition to
a condition of cleanliness. We should
have a place of detention, where usupi
clous cases could be held for the regula
tion fifteen days. The destruction of rats
i9 an important factor in this crusade.
Rats and mice are the chief conveyors of
disease, as has been shown in every place
where an epidemic has prevailed. Fleas,
too, are carriers of germs, and it has been
shown that disease has been spread by
those insects after biting an afflicted per
son.
Business Men Advocate the Cleansing
of Chinatown and Subscribe Read
ily for That Purpose.
THE merchants of this city have de
cided that, plague or no plague,
something must be done to offset the
effects of the widespread publica
tions circulated throughout the country
that San Francisco is a victim of an epi
demic. Much as some of them believe that
the bubonic plague does not or never did
exist in our midst, still they realize that
prompt and vigorous, action . Is the only
available weapon with which to combat
the . conditions which, nave" Cone so- much
harm to the tfade of San Francisco.. . ¦¦.
In order to show their Eastern brethren
that"' they will not' allow their interests to
suffer through lack of energy, the busi
ness men of- this city "have set about to
rectify the existing conditions in a manner
that will no doubt satisfy the most exact-
Ing.' ' "•• • ¦ ' . ¦ : '
A number of merchants and business
men attended a conference at the rooms
of the Board of Trade yesterday morning
and discussed the situation. The one idea
of the meeting was to devise some means
for the raising of the embargo which has
been placed against the city to the great
detriment of its trade and business.. The
session lasted about an hour, and the sug
gestion was made that it be made more
public and general.
Acting on the suggestion, the business
part of the town was gone over and mer
chants were asked to meet at the Board of
Trade rooms at 3 o'clock. . The call was
well responded to, and at the time set
nearly, every downtown business house
was represented 1 at the meeting.
A. -A. Watkins of the San Francisco
Board of Trade called the meeting'to or
der, and began his address to the business
men by saying: "We have met this after
noon for the purpose of taking action in
the matter of the plague which Is sup
posed to be in this city. Now, we of San
Francisco know that there is no danger
of the dread Asiatic disease becoming
epidemic here, but the question Is bow
shall we convince our sister States and
the entire nation that there Is no danger.
The damage done to our commerce and to
the community in general cannot be esti
mated, but it caji be augmented if the
quarantined territory Is enlarged, and,
gentlemen, it is time for us to act. This
morning a gentleman asked of Federal
Officer Dr. Kinyourt if he had at his dis
posal a large sum of money for the quar
antining ot the city. Dr. Klnyoun said
that he' had $100,000 at his disposal to bot
tle up this city if San Francisco does not
come to the tront in a manner befitting
a wealthy community.
"Dr. Williamson, president of our local
Board of Health, is here, and a few re
marks from him would not be inappropri
ate." •
Dr. Williamson addressed the meeting,
and explained that owing to a lack of
funds the health authorities were handi
capped. "Gentlemen," he said, "there is
but one thing for us to do, and that Is
thoroughly to cleanse Chinatown, and to
do it thoroughly will entail a great deal
ot expense, but it will not De mono
wasted. As a member of the board, I
suggest that you, gentlemen, merchants
of this city, will handle the funds, ap
point your committees and take entire
charge of all money. Then there can be
no cry raised that any of It has been
m " & $e P are 'willing to devote our time and
labor if you will contribute to the cleans
ing and disinfecting of our ttlthy China-
J C Stubbs, third vice president of the
Southern Pacific Railroad, addressed the
meeting at length. He said: 'it is not
now a question of the existence of the
<nlague; there are sixty millions of people
who believe that It is here and we must
change their opinions, and there is but
one way to do it and that one way is to
clean out Chinatown and clean it in such
a way that there will not be a doubt as
to Its sanitary condition. We should
make a house to house canvass, disinfect
cverv inch within the area, flush the sew
ers, and where filth exists destroy it one
way or another. " •
"There is nothing that can weigh
against such a policy; sho"w the people
of the country that if the disease is in
that ill th spot we will take care of It and
not let it go out. The local Board of
Health is fhort of funds, and we. for our
own* interests, should back it up. No fire,
earthquake, flood or any other calamity
has had that ill effect on this community
that these reports have made on our
business. No matter what the cost may
be we will rind that it will be the best
investment we have ever made. We must
have the hearty co-opcratlon of the Chi
nese Six Companies in the premises and
have thein understand that the measures
taken are as necessary to them as they
are to us."
Dr Kinycun was introduced, and after
giving a resume of his work for the
United States Government at the request
of several" of his audience he gave his
ideas of what should be done in tr-.e mat
ter cf cleaning Chinatown. .
"Bv all means." he said, "we -must rid
tho-Chlaesre quarter of its n th and do so
at once. The area should be -'.pflned and a
strict compliance with all sa-iltary orders
should be rigidly enforced. ,A house to
house disinfection is •« necessity c and
should be resorted to daily until satisfac
tory- ¦ results arc at hand. A census ot
MERCHANTS RESPOND
; TO A CALL FOR FUNDS
."Having concluded my mission. I shall
return to New York on Sunday, and In
conclusion I wish to say that while I am
assured that the plague has been in San
Francisco I am also thoroughly convinced
that It was nothing more than a sporadic
instance, and that any measure of quar
antine which may be taken by outside
cities Is unjust and unwarranted. The
authorities of San Francisco have no
present fear of infection, and I agree with
them thoroughly In their position. What
ever they have done and whatever they
are doing is done simply for the purpose
of removing a plague spot which has long
disgraced the city."
¦ v.v * . ¦
"In passing I feel called upon again to
refer to the^Xew York Board of Health.
If the officers of that board were here and
the policy which they have adopted were
followed I am firmly convinced that a
very few days' activity would remove the
slightest shadow of doubt in reference to
the situation in this city. As I have said,
the duty of the authorities here is plain.
They must leave nothing undone to con
vince every community In America that
not only is the bubonic plague not in San
Francisco, but. that the health authorities
of the city have reached the conclusion
that they must remove at once, and by
any measure^ which is found necessary,
the only menace to their health which
exists In their midst.
In <51scussins the alleged plague situa
tion In San Francisco last night Dr.
Shradv declared that he found nothing to
warrant a further investigation of the af
fair. He said that he had come here ab
solutely a free agent to Investigate and
report his impression. He says that he
is convinced that the bubonic plague has
existed in San Francisco, but only in spo
radic instances, which Involved no danger
to the people of the city and warranted
00 quarantine against them. He Congrat
ulates the authorities of the city for their
efforts in sec-kins to cleanse Chinatown
at a time when the plague threatened to
make its appearance In epidemic form.
His concluding words before he returns
to N< w York arc given in the following
interview: , -
"Alter having visited every section or
Chinatown under the escort of the police
and of the health authorities, both Fed
eral and Jueal." said the physician, "I
have come to the conclusion that this
iilag-ue scar<* iu San. Francisco is abso-"
lutely unwarranted. I ani thoroughly
convinced that thf-re really was no danger
cf the plague and that virtually it did not
cxiFt In this? city. 'Of course 1 cannot say
vrhat the tuture" will bring forth, but I
em sure th.it no danger threatens the city.
The decision uf Texas in quarantining
against Oaliforni.-j. mna a deplorable mis
take under the circumstances as J have
found thf-n to be-. :ir> J it is to be- hoped
that the health oliicor of that State, who
was berfe. will sec his way clear to lift
the quaianttnr at once, because it has had
no foundation In rc-Dson. good judgment or
matter cf fact. I c:imt» here on a. special
mission to tell the truth. • I have con
cluded my Investigations and I am about
to start for home.
"I was selected by the Npw Fork Herald
r>.nd The Call as a medical man to come
here and give a sclenuflc opinion on the
question whether or not plaguo existed
in Ban Francisco. This has been a inis-
Fion of sr-rious importance, inasmuch as It
¦was thought necessary to bring me all the
way from New York.
"I 'came out here to see a living ease of
He Has Come to the Conclusion That
the Plague Scare Is Un
warranted.
DR. SHRADY FINISHES
HIS INVESTIGATION
Chinatown is still under quarantine
and will remain so until there is not
the slightest suspicion of danper. The
Chinese are accepting their imprison
men gracefully. The clamor which has
been raised by them for food still con
tinues, although there is at present no
indication lhat the local authorities will
have to make" any appropriation for
provisions for. the people in the district.
On evfry hand there is a congratula
tion rather thaiv disappointment over
the excitement which has called forth
the energetic measures of the authori
ties. Within a few days San Francisco
can announce not only to the other
cities of the world that it is free from
any plague, bat that it ss in a perfect
sanitary condition.
TH£ .•exciternciit in this city occa
:sioTic4. by: .the • discovery 1 of a
sporadic case of bubonic plague
Has endc& Local. State and Federal of
ficials arc firmly convinced that there is
not the slightest occasion for alarm.: a^.d
that the precautions now being taken in
the Chinese quarter are more than
ample to prevent a reappearance of the
dread disease. E?r. George F. Shrady,
the famons specialist who came to this
city at the instance of. the New -York
Heraid and of The Call, declares that
he has completed his mission, and with
a complete understanding of the facts
and a thorough knowledge of the situ
ation he wishes to assure the people of
San Francisco that they arc not in tbe
. slightest danger of contagion, and that
tather than feel aggrieved at the de
velopments which have occurred
they should congratulate themselves.
that the agitation over the bubonic
piagxsc has resulted in a determined and
conscientious erTort to remove from the
city its great plague spot in Chinatown.
Of. Shrady says thai he came here
with the thought thst bubonic plague
existed in this city,' He says he; is grati
fied to announce .that it is not here and
that anr quarantine which may be in
stituted by other, cities or States is ab-
unwarranted. There is no more
danger, he declares, of contagion in tlm
city than in any pther city in the Amep
ican Union, in: an interview with the
eminent physician yesterday he declared
that* the measures now being taken to
cleanse the -..Chinese district are emi
nently in the right direction and should
be pursued until Chinatown is placed in
«oa ab*ok;iery sanitary rendition.- Pre
caution," he says, and not prevention, is.
tlie order of the day.
At a rreeting of the State Board -oi
Trade held yesterday merchants, rail
road men and phy5-icians ; discussed the
situation at length, \ They were unani
dOTXS in their opinion that while every
health authority in the local. State and
Federal service' had declared the plague
does not exist in San Francisco, everyr
thing should be done to cleanse the Chi
nese district and convince the world
that San Francrsco is thoroughly on its
guaTd and intends to remove the filth
menace which has' been for so many
years a disgrace to the city. In carry
ing out this plan the merchants sub
scribed over, S28.000, which will be ex
pended in carrying out the reforms of
the local Board of Health in Chinatown.
This sum of money was freely contrib
uted yesterday, and is but the beginning
of a "fund that will be devoted exclu
sively to the accomplishment of the re
form outlined for the Chinese district
to- see every, case presented if it was one
or one thousand. : I failed to see a single
case of live plague and saw only one in a
corpse. From this standpoint it would
peem that the rumor that plague threat
ens San Francisco Is ridiculous and un
founded. One swallow does "not make a
summer, and one' case of plague does not
make an epidemic. It is my impression
that plague is virtually stamped out, es
pecially in view of the action of the health
authorities in keeping it where it was and
in view of the determination of the Bourd
of Health to fight it on rational, scientific
lines. Merchants are giving their strictest
attention to the question and have con
tributed no end . of money to make this
practicable. . I aril more than pleased to
see the manner in which the citizens have
taken hold of the situation, and this will
ct- rtainly have a good effect on the rest of
the county. If the citizens will continue
to keep. this matter in hand by appropria r
tions and proper support the danger to
the city will be lessened.
"The Chinese should consider that this
movement is for their good; that the
wnlte man Is a friend of the Oriental In
spite of what is said to the contrary. I
am convinced that the citizens of San
Francisco are doing: what they can to
cleanse the Chinese quarter, and that the
Inhabitants of that quarter will appre
ciate their efforts. I do not anticipate
any trouble in that quarter. I am of
the opinion that the Chinese will co-op
erate with the citizens and that all this
talk of riot Is moonshine. I found during
my investigation that the Six Companies
are perfectly willing to " work with the
authorities. There will be no trouble in
Chinatown If the local Board of Health
takes reasonable measures, allowing the
Chinese to attend to their business and
assuring them that If everything goes
well they will be In a better .condition
than heretofore. ' Some one of influence
with the Chinese should persuade them
that no harm Is intended to them. We
all know that 'the Chinese are suspicious
and- every effort should be made. on the
part of those 1n. authority to relieve this
SUFp-iciOn. . . '. • .. . ; : :
"There Is no necessity for further dis
cussion on my part of the so^alled
plague scare. ¦' ;1 have covered the
ground, .thoroughly and have received
the assistance and hearty co-opera
tion of every Federal. State and local
official, ar.d I am convinced that
the only duty remaining . for the people
of San Francisco is to cleanse China
town, the plague spot • which they have
In their midst. • The people of San Fran
cisco are thoroughly informed of the sit
uation.and have no doubts as to the con
clusion of this lamentable affair.- • They
know that Independent r>t any present
excitement Chinatown must be cleansed
of its tilth. I had the pleasure to
dav of being invited to %¦ meeting of
the Stale Uoard of Trade .when the sit
uation was discussed from every aspect.
I informed the hoard that there- was no
nece??5'->* for alarm, that nothing in the
way of an epidemic threatened the city
bo " far as I could see at present,
but that the members of the: -board, as
citizens interested in the welfare of San
Francisco, should pursue: to its conclu
sion the policy they have begun: to ln
iist upon the cleansing of Chinatown, to
counsel the people of the city that no
harm threatens" them, and that it Is
wisest nuff to Institute a. reform that
must be made" -sooner or -later. . Cnina
tov. r n must be cleaned up, plague ".pr no
P "Vou must not make an excuse to clean
the spot because there was. plague. here,
but you must act .solely on the ground
t hat the district ! Is in ;a filthy condition.
I do not care to dictate, methods to' be
pursued In, the matter. X" am -ai visitor
here and will therefore suggest that the
• plague, but failed- t6 be gratified. The
j only case I have -seen was that of a corpse
of plague infection. The local and Fed
eral authorities extended to me so many
court<-eies that I.am persuaded that they
; believe that the conclusions . which I
! reached were true. It was impossible for
, the plague to c-xJsrln San Francisco with
i out rr.y kr.o wins'-. it. There was no ques
tion about the .sincerity of the officials,
; because every question 1 asked in the line
¦ ci investigation- was freely and abun
'¦ dantly answered; - All the specimens of
; previous cases were submitted to 'me and
! the preserved specimens of plague were
t submitted to me for microscopic examin
- alien. I had free opportunities for. per
sonal examination and was in constant
ocrnmunicatioTi .with the three leading
bacteriologist;' of "San Francisco.;
"Jt is my unbiased opinion that plague
did exist here. There was no question
about th:it. There was no.question in my
mind that plague grerms were found in the
pedv of the Chinese whose case I. have al
ready discussed. I was present and took
part" in the autopsy and can testify that
the specimens taken from that body. were
duly examined and found to contain germs
of the plague. It vras an agreeable dis
appointment to me to find that the situ
ation was such as it is. Inasmuch as I
came out here to see plague I was willing
M. Geprgl 1 Shrady ¦ the
Fanious iPhysician, Who
Was Brougli| to This
Git| toy the^^N
Perald^^
Ha^C^^
portant Mission.
¦Merchants Meet and Sttb
scribe Thousands of fol^
lars to Assist the Health
Authorities in Their
Plan to ©|i|p^i||
Chinese District o| Its
Having concluded my mission I shall return to New York
on Sunday ; and in conclusion I wish to say that while I am as-
sured that the plague has been in San Francisco, I am also
thoroughly convinced that it was nothing more than a spo
radic instance,. and that any ; measure of quarantine
may be taken by outside cities is unjust and unwarranted*
The authorities of SanFrancisco have no present fear of infection,
and I agree with theni thoroughly; in their position^. ?W
ever t?~ *y have done aiicJ Whatever the^ are doing is d sim
ply for the purpose pf removing the plague^pot has
long disgraced th^d^
Shrady'sGoncluding interview oa
situation in San Francisccx : .-\ : :^:^ : :^
SAN FARNCISCO FREE FROM DANGER OF CONTAGION
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN : FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JUKE 2, 1900.
The San Francisco Call.MILITARY SURQEON-S.
Next Meeting Place
Sail 'Francisco BiEajr ; Be Named "as the
'.¦; NSW YORK, June. ;i.— At to-rday'a ses
sion, of tlie military surgeons : th«".follow
ing 1 officers were placed.'in- nomination and
undoubtedly- will be .confirmed it the ses
sion to-morrow:-.: For' president, Brigadier
General "A. J.rStone; Minnesota; first vice
president,. John -C. Wise; Washington D
C; second vice president. Brigadier G-en
eral J. A. Calef,- Connecticut; secretary
Liejutenant Colonel Charles Adams, Illi
nois;-, tregsqrer,- ••Lieutenant Herbert- A
Arnold. Penhsylvanla."!*f«»8se«fe:r«jtoHs
T.fre time. and place of the neict meeting
wilt be selected to-morrow, and the: choice
will -lie.' .between. San'. Francisco and St.
Paul; with the chances in favor -of the
latter. . ¦ : : . : • ;•;' .- : .
mission was refused,, notwithstanding
that. Dr. ¦ Pillsbury had been inoculated
with Haffkine prophylactic, and had com
plied with all the other conditions Im
posed by the board. The letter continues:
We understood at th« close of the meeting of
th* Board of Health on Thursday . afternoon
that Dr. Pillsbury would be given every facil
ity to visit suspected cases of plague in the
district and to attend all autopsies held under
the auspices of the Board of Health: also to
make bacteriological examinations and obser
vations In connection with the bacteriologist
of your board and in the laboratory In which
his bacteriological work is carried on. If this
was not the understanding of your honorable
board at that time we were greatly mistaken,
and If any reason for; changing -the course of
the board with respect to the matter arose after
adjournment we would .be pleased to be advised
of such change and the reason for it, bo that
we may meet whatever, new 'conditions . the
board has decided to impose upon.'representa
tives of our clients Ini.the work : for Iwhlcb/ Dr.
Plllsbury was employed; If. as we believe.- Dr.
Pillsbury's exclusion from the quarantined dis
trict this afternoon was due to: a hiistake, we
beg your honorable body to take immedlate.AC
tlon to give him i aceess ¦ to the ' district .'and
every facility consistent with your public func
tions and duties to make his investigations and
examinations. ¦ ;..' • ';'•;•'¦•.". ;-•:-::
Dr. O'Brien explained that he had're
fused to permit Pr-iPIllsbury topass the
lines because hehad understood that Dr.
Pillsbury had beeti given authority to
represent the Six Companies, only at. the
autopsies performed on dead' Chinese. .The
board Informed . -Dry O'Brien -that 'Pf.
Pillsbury had been Accorded the. privilege
of also attending stck Qhlnesenow in the
quarantined; district, and the Hcal'th Off?
cer:was directed toigrant Dr..Piltsbury a
perrnit to enter th« lines -for that pur
pose. - : .'••¦ '•••:;.-¦ • : : ..-¦;' i ' ¦¦•¦".¦*•
Health Officer O'Brien was directed to
notify Postmcster Montague; that; the-let
ter-carriers working in the quarantined
district of. this city must be Inoculated
with the prophylactic against plague; if
it Is necessary for them to continue work
in the district. :-* .•••/. '.:-:-:: : . : ; •
AUTHORITIES PF EUREKA i ! ;
MODIFY THEIR ACTION
Drastic Measures ; Are Roundly Con-
demned by the -Angry People ot
;i : the Northern City. "¦¦¦¦¦ r :
EUREKA. June ; 1.— The City Board of
Health met last evening, after attending
thp- Chamber of Commerce meeting and
modified the prohibitory quarantine re
strictions . passed the night before. -The
action is "contained In the following reso
lution, which was unanimously adopted
natown during the quarantine. It was es
timated that 4000 Chinese persons would
require assistance, at the rate of 25 cents
each per day. Dunne stated that there
was no section of the charter which au
thorized the board to make expenditures
tor the food supply. This view was not
contested by the various counsel present.
Thry thereupon prepared the following
communication to the Board of Supervis
ors, requesting It to take steps to meet
the emerpenry:
To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors of
the City and County of San Francisco:
The Board of Health has established a strict
quarantine fif the district bounded by Califor
nia street. Keainy street, Montgomery a\enue,
Broadway ftreet and Stockton street. ajid has
thereby confined within the quarantined fils
trict more than 10.000 persons, most of : whom
are- laborers depending lor their dally food upon
their daily wages. Nearly all of these, people
are, by the. quarantine, cut off from every
::. <*i;:i? cf employment .and self-support, and
at- least one-hklf. of them are already reduced
to a condition of distress borderlnir cn : famine
for lack of iiecessary food. On their behalf and
'or their rWJef we apjjlicd to the Board of
Health on May 20. ISCt,', to have provision made
lpr feeding these destitute people .during the
centlBUance of the quarantine. We' are in
formed by its terra! aavist-r /hat he fln<5* no
provisioa la the charter of the city and. county
of Fan : Franci*rt) undtr which the Board of
Health can make provision for feeding the n«c
rie thus quarantined. ' hoWhg that th» power
it reserved by the charter entirely to yutlr h-m
.crable body. .: ¦ -.- .: .' - ; ¦. -
; We thcrc-fore urK»r.t;y requeyt you to (jive
ttumediate CORfidcration. to the matter ai.d t'i
provide at once for the indigent jwcple In the
fliiarantined district a proper supply of whei**
snm« food. The estimates which we have re
ctlved place the number of people In the quar
antined: district already requiring such atsUt
ahce at about 4000. In Mew of the limited
ti.eans pi most of the other residents It Js
probable that the number of indigent persons
viX\ In' a »ho<. time be Increased to SO00 or
more if the quarantine should continue for any
cenjideraliie length cf time. The smallest es
timated cort per day for feeding these indigent
l*-oj-ije if 25 ceots per capita. Involving, accord
ing to our Jnformattrin. a probable expense of
between- JK.00 and JJ0OO per day during the
i'^riod of the quarantine. ¦
•A copy of this ktter was sent to Mayor
Phf Ian." with a request that he call a spe-
Hal meeting of the Beard of Supervisors
to make provision for. the pressing needs
Of the indigent people now suffering for
lack of food in the quarantined district.
The attention of the: Board vras also
called to the fact that Dr. E. S. Pillsbury.
the bacteriologist employed by . the Chi
nese Six Companies; had been dented ad
mission to the ..quarantined district, and
v.as refused permission to enter the dis
trict by Health. Officer, O'Brien.': In a
roraraunicatiori from the attorneys of the
Six Companies it Is alleged that this per-
School Board of Los Angeles to I"olr
low the Precedent Set in
Other Cities.:'
Special Dispatch to The Call. '¦'¦ ..;
LOS ANGELES, June 1.— In keeping
with the policies adopted by the school
boards of Arizona and Eastern cities, by
which teachers afflicted with tuberculosis
shall be excluded from the schoolrooms,
the Los Angeles Board of Education has
set in operation the same methods. For
several weeks the teachers have been
quietly watched to discover whether any
are afflicted.- It transpired to-day that
two teachers are suspected. Should these
conclusions prove correct they will be
honorably discharged:
This determination has created a de
cided • sensation, but as Charles Cassat
Davis, president Of the board, and W. J.
Washburn of the teachers' committee fa
vor this method, the teachers, however
much they may oppose the matter, will be
compelled to submit. Parents are in
hearty sympathy with the action of the
board. : .- O' •¦;' ' '¦''¦ ".' : '. ''>-'l r ~ - ¦.•¦;-¦•'.
CANCEB BASH AT NEWPOBT.
Three Deaths Occur Within One Week
i.'- ; From the: Disease; ;
;. NEWPORT^ Vt. , June L-rAn epidemic
ofv. black! cancer rash : prevails at West
Derby, a suburb -of Newport! Three deaths
have occurred within' aweek. -The victims
had been ill- but two- days when :fatal
symptoms appeared. About- fifty houses
have i been quarantined, the schools have
been 'closed. and everything possible is.be- 
ing, done to prevent further spread of the
disease^ ; - .... .-•¦;¦•¦•' : '-. v-.- ¦ .- • - :
Auditor Morrison Besigns.
Special Dispatch tp -. The i Call;. | '-¦¦ -" [ :' •
SAN JOSE,' June -1.— Thomas !?.• Morri
son, who was appointecl County Auditor
a year ago to fill the vacancy caused by
the death of Alcilde Veuve, ¦ has resigned
his office And left for Manila to-day on
the transport Sherman. Several months
ago Morrison was appointed auditor In the
Postal. Department of; the Philippine Is
lands. 1119 departure- 1 was • sudden and
none: but his closest friends; knew of it.
Morrison dJd not wait for his successor to
be appointed, but left;, his resignation in
the hands -of his deputy. Ah Auditor to
serve 'vuntll the next general -election will
b^ : appointed; by the. Supervisors Monday.
-¦¦ • ;¦-• ; -.- •;- — i . '; •'¦'• .. . ¦/¦-. :
Cut His Throat. 1
TACOMA, Wash:. ; ;J.une 1.— A. .special to
the Ledger from Winjock says: A. W.
May> a well-<>regsed stranger,- ..walked into
the depot- this .morning, sat down and
immediately cut his throat • "fr.om ear to
ear/i He then walked into the streetand
fell dead. I From papers in^his pockets
It was learned: he. '"¦. was from EmporlaV
Kans., where he hag money .'on deposit in
the Citizens' /Bank.} ..= ?•-.-. - -..-
CONSUMPTIVE TEACHERS
WILL BE DISCHARGED
Continued From Page One.
SAN FRANCISCO FREE FROM
ALL DANGER OF CONTAGION
by the board; "Resolved, That all vessels
arriving here from San Francisco after
this date shall be detained in the bay suf
ficiently long enough to be boarded by the
health officer, and if they show a clean
bill ; of health that they be not quaran
tined, and that a .request be sent to tho
several steamship companies that they
refuse to carry Chinese or Japanese pas
sengers to this port."
incoming vessels will be detained in the
quarantine station only long enough to
satiny the health officer that thev pos
sess: the proper health credential and will
then b« allowed to dock at the wharves
Just.before the adjournment a motion was
passed to inform the steamship companies
that the board had reconsidered its action
had its quarantine restrictions!
and that quarantine regulations were only
a bugaboo, as there is. no suspicion of the
plague here. .The action of the Health
Board rescinding its former action meets
general approval here. ¦¦ "*^rf
This evening a. citizens' meeting was
held In the Chamber of Commerce rooms
tp protest against the action of the city
Board of Health in placing quarantine re
strittlons on vessels.- arriving ;; from San
Francisco. The meeting was largely at
tended and there was a consensus of opin
ion^that the action was hasty and ill
advised, as there are no. Chinese here and
as no similar action had been: taken by
any: ports on the coast. The telegrams
from the merchants of Perndale and Ar
cata, entering protest, were read The
Board, of Health was invited to the meet
ing;, and responded. : The members said
that, the action taken had been precau
tionary.. One advanced the reason that
;the;San Francisco Board of Supervisors
had. quarantined Ghiriatown; another de
clared that rats : were, the means: of con
veying the plague ahd they- said they were
afraid that rats wouldgo from Chinatown
to the water, front; board vessels and car
ry the plagueher^." Business men entered
their protest ..againsjt. restrictions, ¦ and
many: addresses \<rere made. After a reso
lutjqii urglhg:>the. Board :of Health to re
consider its iactifti wai adopted the meet
ing? adjourned -and- the Board of, Health
wertt .into, session: .The. action taken is
disapproved generally.- as it. threatens the
cessation of: commerce: betweeii the two
ports, and Eureka. is dependent upon the
metropolis for euppliesr and for the ship
ment out of port; of large quantities of
butter. There Is no - suspicion : of • the
plague here,' j.-; '.-"¦¦' '¦'
BANDITS WILL CONFESS.
cate Well-Known Citizens.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ¦
Arizona Train-Bobbers May Impli-
TUCSOX, Ariz., June 1.— "Word was r«
celved here from reliable parties who have
Just been with the Arizona train-robbers.
Salvord. Stiles and Bravo Juan, that they
are ready to make a statement regarding
the robbery. If they do there will be
some very sensational dvelopments, as
they say that a number of well-knoiwn
persons are Involved. Including several
officers of the law. They claim that the
plot that ended in their escape from tha
Tombstone jail was originated and car
ried through by a well-known ex-Arizona
officer.
The bandits have been out for several
months In the vicinity of the mines an<J
ranches. They have several times made
their appearance in small towns, but no
effort has been made to capture them.
Directors Resign.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. June 1.— A clash occurred
between President "Jim" Rea and Di
rectors Jones and Calisch of the Insolvent
Union Savings . Bank to-day, and aa a
culmination of a characteristic harangue
by Rea the two directors handed in
their resignations.
SHANGHAI. June 1.— The detachment
of more than !}fX) international blue
jackets has arrived at Peking.
Twipnty- three worships are now at
Taku— nine Russian, three British,
three G-f-rman. .three French, two Amer
ican, two Japanese and one Italian. In
addition to their crews the Russians have
r;n board their warships' 11,000 troops from
Port Arthur, -with, equipment. Fourteen
thousand Russian troops are held in read
iness at Port Arthur..
LONDON. June 2.— The, Vienna corre
=;3ondent of the . Daily Telegraph says:
"An active exchange of dispatches is go
ing forward among the great powers rel
ative to Chiiia. The colossal superiority
¦f Russia's representation at Taku Is re-
as significant. The triple alliance
advocates united action .by Europe to pro
tort common interests." •.
The Standard publishes the following
from Tientsin, dated April 29: As a sam
ple of the Chinese Government's treat-
ment of- the Boxers I give the text of a
secret order sent td Governor, Yuan, .in
Shantung; ' . ¦: ;' ; • :'.. :¦.;/ ' ¦;¦'•,
In reply to the Governor of Shantung, who
reports that he has found it necessary to-re
press the patriotic Boxer-Society with a atrotik
and heavy hand, we reroark that it cannot .'be
expected that such simple people van- know that
they have done anything. amlss. : If a strong
hanj is manifested there will be a permanent
grudge asalnst the Governor. We assure the
Governor that if future.: trouble arises he him
self must bear. the consequences. Let' the jrood
people be dealt with in a merciful aixd rener
ous way. to the benefit of ail. :
The Peking correspondent of the Times,
telegraphing Friday, says: "The Govern
ment gave every facility for . the arrival
of the foreign guards. The streets were
orderly. The Russians as ; well as the
French were, forbidden to land Wednes
day, but the Tsung Li Yamen .has apolo
gized, explaining the mistake."- ; -.
WASHINGTON. June 1.— Minister Con
ger at Peking reports to the State Depart
ment to-day that' the- arrival of .350 guards
for the legations of Russia, France. Great
Britain, Italy, Japan and the United
Statefe:. has had the effect of Improving
the- -/situation. J5e, : ..says that Peking is
: ; much • qulettn but that the Boxers are
still active hv the surrounding country.
f. It- is hinted in diplomatic circles here
j that this : sudden:: lircr-ease of activity on
.the irart: of: : the- Boxers is nothing more
than :'• part of a well-conceived plan by
England or, ; one of the great -European
powers to secure a permanent: lodgment
In Peking and to seize a position giving it
full, control of thegreat Pciho River, the
approach to the Chin dae capital. It is fur
ther intimated that the plan, has proved
abortive, owiiig to -the alertness of the
other European powers represented In
Chinese waters, but - particularly to tho
readiness of the United States "Minister.
Mr. €.onger,and the American rear admi
;rai;. on board the Newark, which at once
.gave the movement ah undesired Interna
. tiprial aspect; and so tended to prevent
the particular nation concerned from ag
grandizing itself at the. expense of the in
terests of other nations. : Therefore it is
assumed that the excitement will rapidly
abate, and the Boxers will disperse tem
porarily, at least. ,
;RED BLUFF, June 1.— The rumor that
a case of smallpox had been found at Red
Bluff has this morning been fully con
firmed by the Health Officer. The patient
has been removed from town. The pa
tient's name Is Brown. He is about
twenty-four .years of age, and for the
past two months has %>een employed in
the Sierra Lumber Company's sasn and
He was "taken sick Friday last, and last
night his case showed evidence of beins
smallpox. He has been removed outside
of town and placed in a tent.
The McCarty house, where he has
boarded, has been placed under quaran-
Patient Removed Outside the
City and His Residence
.Quarantined.
SMALLPOX
CASE FOUND
AT RED BLUFF
tine, and every precaution will be taken
to prevent the spread of the disease.
The health officers state that there win
probably be other cases among the em
ployes In the Sierra Company's factory,
but think that they can prevent it spread
ing.
"AIRY FAIRY LJLLIAN" :
i / SOONitO WED AGAIN
Breaks a Theatrical Engagement to
; Keep One With Cupid and a
:•:'•" {Rich Widower.
Special • Dispatch ta/The Call. ' ¦ .' .
: : BOSTON; June i.-^The Tremont Theater
of this city; which fs-. run by John Schoef
feU has been obliged to close its season
a Week in, advance Of the original date
because Lillian Russell of Weber & Fields'
"Whirligig"' company .has an appointment
¦in New^ York next. Monday which she is
determined to keep at all hazards and in
spite of the " combined- . protests and en
treaties of Mr. Schoelfel and the : repre
•sentative of. Weber & Fields.
.Miss Russell's contract at the Tremont
which was to run for another
week :after'Saturday night, was canceled
yesterday. Mr. Schpeffel made a personal
appeal to Miss Russell, but the latter re
plied:- . /
i "it's no use, John; I must be in New
•York Monday, and I am going."
According: to Miss Russell's friends In
the company, she has been the recipient
Of marked attentions from a wealthy New
York capitalist who was made a widower
for a second time.', not long ago by an ac
cident. It- is whispered rather openly in
thercompany that :Miss Russell's pressing
engagement in New York next Monday
is with this New:York capitalist, who, it
is said, has been particularly prodigal of
'his attentions lately. Miss Russell ad
mits that her contract in Boston ends to
morrow night. . -r.jcr ' ¦
....„..;. ; i ?
PROMINENT RAILWAY
OFFICIAL PASSES AWAY
Demise of S. H. H. Clark, Director
of Missouri Pacific, Formerly
Manager of Union Pacific.
ST. LOUIS. June l.-S. H. H. Clark, a
director of the Missouri Pacific Railroad
Company, - its. former vice president and
general manager, first vice president of
the Texas and Pacific and "the Interna
tional, and Great-Northern and formerly
general manager. of the Union Pacific,
died to-day at Ashevllle. N. C. Mr. Clark
had-been ailing : for several years and
since the reorganization of the Union Pa
cific road had remained in retirement at
his residence in this city. He was ad
vised 1 to go to-Asheville early in the
Bpring, but his relatives and friends felt
that the end was near. He passed away
in the presence of his wife and son. . Mr.
Clark was in his sixty-eighth year.
OMAHA, Nebr,, June 1.—S. II. H. Clark,
formerly president of the Union Pacific
Railway, who died at .Asheville, N. C, to
day, will be buried at Omaha. Elaborate
preparations for the funeral .will be made.
Mr. Clark began his service with the
Union Pacific In 1S67 and was promoted
to the position of general freight agent.
In 1878 he, was apointed general manager,
a position he held until 1S84. After an in
terval of six years he returned in 1S90 and
was made president, a" position he held
until the clo^e of the receivership in the
spring -of- 1S98. •¦¦: :... ¦. . ¦-. ,.¦
¦ •:. Ruiz Hanged.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. Mex., June 1.—
Joseph P. .Ruiz, who shot Into a group
of .• small;\children . arid killed • Patrlclo
Channon here ori.May 28, 1898, was hanged
to-day. He was pronounced dead in 23
minutes. .-¦... ...
Secretary Hoot and General; Xudlo-w
' Declare. Charges Ag-ainSt;; the : . -.
•. Officer Were Unfounded,
Special Dispatch to The Call. : ;¦; /¦- ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
WASHINGTON, June : l.— Official, circles
outside of the "Wai- Department" and mem
bers of Congress were painfully .shocked^
to-day by" the'-; published • announcement
that -ah officer', of tHe army' had been,
charged, with ¦hlackmailing- : buslness .men
in Havana, soio^that army' authorities had
tried to shield : hini from punishment: to
prevent the scandal from' becoming pub
lic. The sensation was the more pro
nounced because the: news. "followed ! so.
closely on the revelations of .postal scan
dals in the Island. Secretary Root, has
tened to say that rumors that Major John
G. Davis, brigade surgeon, who had been
on General Ludlow's staff as sanitary In*
spector, had been .- engaged' in:; corrupt,
dealings, had been brought to- Vthe at-r
tention of the military authorities and',
had been investigate^ and- found to be
groundless. •; ¦';.¦•' ; -. I ¦'¦ ¦: ¦ .• " : v. ¦
General Ludlow ga'Te out a.istatement
to the same effect. He said- that; although'
the rumors were publicly -circulated, tlTey
would be privately Investigated. Army
officers say the Government, in justico to
the accused ©ffic;er, should : ha : ve." made the
inquiry public;: so as:tb- haye-ieffectually.
cleared: him:: from any charge -of, WTOiig
doing in -Havana: = . : ' ••. :
General Ludlow sees in the; attacks:
made upon the officer /a desire on ¦ the
part of certain perso-iis in Havana whom
the officer offended to obtain revenge. He
said the officer., was unpopular in Ha
vana because i he relentlessly carried out
the orders given him and nls rigid en
forcement of the sanitary rules prescribed
by! General Ludlow and Colonel Black,
engineer officers in Havana; incurred for
him the ill will of many persons of prom
inence, who, "with their perverted views
of public morality immediately declared
that the officer was acting-:from corrupt
motives." : ¦ \ri
HASTEN TO THE DEFENSE : ;
; -OF MAJOR iOHN-G. DAVIS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. June 1.— The shocking
story of the murder of Joe Lucca
telli, " the tanbark contractor, in
lonely Mission Canyon, near Guerne
ville, early last week, seems likely to
be unraveled after all. G. Baverio,
his partner, who will be implicated by the
verdict of the Coroner's jury, was arrested
to-day In Black Canyon, near San Rafael,
and brought here by Sheriff Grace to an
swer to the charge of having made away
with his late business associate.
The story of the crime Is a sensational
one. Luccatelli. who -was known around
Guerneville as "Black Joe," and Baverio
were partners. The two men often had
trouble. About ten days ago both men
suddenly disappeared.
Wednesday afternoon Frank Mantlcelli
- • ..... • ¦ •• •• ¦ ; .---- ::•-¦•::•. .;¦ . -¦¦: ¦ : A v ...":¦•¦-¦ ; •'• • ¦
Twenty-Tirree Forei^gn a^4 r^ 1^ 1^ 1 
• ean Warships fo^i#lie;: ; 3: .
BLUEJACKET FORCE ARRIVES
AT THE CHINESE CAPITAL
Captured by Officers in the Black
Canyon, but Denies Knowl
. edge of the Crime.
MDRDER SDSPECT BAVERIO RESISTING ARREST.
and Charles Walls or uuemevuie. wnuem
Mission Canyon, discovered the dead and
mutilated body of Laiccatelli, burled be
neath a hupe pile of brush and cordwood.
The man's head had been split open, ap
parently with an ax, and the face was
friRhtfully mutilated. The condition of
the body was sickening 1 , and the horror of
the discovery was intensified by the utter
loneliness of the hastily constructed tomb.
News of the find was brought to Guerne
ville. and the Coroner's Jury summoned to
handle the matter found that Luccatelli
was murdered . under circumstances
strongly pointing to Baverio as the author
of the crime. The arrest to-day was made
by Sheriff Taylor of Marin County a* the
request and as the result of a description
sent out hy Sheriff Frank P. Grace.
The prisoner when seen to-nlgrht denied
all knowledge of the crime and stated that
when he left his partner the latter was in
his usual health. Both Luccatelli and Ba
verio were will known, and the murder
and arrest naturally caused a sensation
in Northern Sonoma,
BAYERIO ARRESTED FOR
LUCCATELLI MURDER
PORTLAND, June 1.<-Mrs. Naomi Moss,
wife of RileyM. Moss, was shot through
the heart" and killed , near Willamette
Heights Park, last night, at;.about 1Q
o*clock. Suspicion rests upon the. woman's
husband and jealousy is. believed to have
bieen the motive. Officers are looking for
Moss, but at a late hour to-night he had
not been arrested. Moss was seen in this
city this morning about 9 o'clock, and it is
probable that he is fn hidine here. Mrs.
Moss and her husband rode to- the scene
of the tragedy on a street car, of which
C. H. Knudson was. conductor. The
couple boarded the car ; at First and
Washington streets about 9 p. m.
¦"I remember the couple well, said
Knudson. "They ; boarded ¦ the car on
Washington street. When we got to the
end the woman objected to leaving the
car. The man very gruffly ordered^ her to
get out. The, couple left the car and sat
itown'on/a bench. Shortly befqre it was
time to/leave I looked out and, they had
disappeared." : . .- ; . . •
Henry Knudson, conductor of, the next
car'to reach the Heights, said: ..." About
9:30 I heard two pistol shots, flred at an
interval of about four seconds, apparently
at a distance not to exceed 150 yards from
where the car was standing. I heard loud
talking, but could not .distinguish what
was said. Upon ¦ reaching the ; door I
plainly heard the screams of a woman
shouting 'Murder!' 'Help" . I telephoned
to the police station and soon- two offi
cers and several civilians were on the
ground searching for evidences of a trag
edy."
The search was kept up for two hours
and finally abandoned, the night being
dark. .'•¦:¦; ~ ".: ,
. Mr. and Mrs. L.L.. Carter, who reside
near the scene of the tragedy, discovered
the body of the murdered woman ¦: about
8 p'clockthis morning. '¦¦¦ ¦¦:¦'¦.'¦ ,'
Mrs. Moss' maiden name was Naomi
Cliite. She was "the daughter of Charles
ijiute,- a plorie&r newspaper man of Port
land. About seven months ago; she mar
ried Riley L. Moss in this cit-y. The
couple moved to Tacoma, where they re
sided until two weeks ago, when Mrs.
Moss came home, it being understood that
Moss was in no condition to support her.
Mosr arrived' in Portland .Wednesday,
and. yesterday, was in the company of his
wife nearly all day. Friends .of Mrs. Moss
repeatedly warned her not to goout with
him. as they feared that he might, do her
some Injury.. - ; ! ¦ ¦..¦.'¦¦ '¦
Moss is a native of Virginia aftd served
with an Ohio regiment in ;the Spanish
war. Since coming to the Pacific Coast
and while- residing in Tacoma ho-made an
unsuccessful attempt to kill .himself.
Was Last Seen in . Company of Her
Husband \ and It Is : Believed
. '¦}:'„_¦ He "Fired tiia Fatal 1 . :
MURDERED AT
NIGHT IN A
LONELY SPOT
¦ ¦ ¦ ' > ¦'¦¦"•% ¦
Lifeless Body of Mrs. Naomi
Moss Found in a Port
• land Par£
LOUISVILLE. June 1.— The tenth : an
nual . reunion' of the United Confederate
Veterans adjourned sine die at 6 o'clock
to-night. The meeting of 1901 will be held
in Memphis. The annual parade of the
veterans was abandoned, on account of the
inclement weather. "•'¦• .' •' •
., The morning session ended in a state of
great excitement and : confusion. The
trouble arose at the conclusion of the pre
sentation of the report of the committee
on resolutions. A resolution had been in
corporated in the report to the effect that
the convention of Confederates recognized
with appreciation the language of Gen
eral Daniel E. Sickles, the orator at the
annual reunion orthe Army of the Poto
mac at Frederickshurg, in which General
Sickles had. mentioned most kindly the
men of the Confederacy, and the resolu
tjon" said the Confederates reciprocated
the feeling: shown toward them by the
men of the Army of the Potomac. '
General Gordon put the question of the
adoption elf. the -report. There was a
chorus of -''ayes," and when he called for
the vote in the negative he said: "The
ws have it." After he had announced
the vote there came a few cries of "no."
General Gordon said:: '
¦"I did not think .'that there would be
any negative votes !ori such a question,
but as there were some after I had de
clared the vote I will now rcsubmit ft."
. The author of the resolution, W. H. Bur
gynn, made a strong plea for its adoption,
lie said that he hnd .been present at the
meeting at Fredericltsburg and had heard
the kindly sentiments expressed by the
soldiers of the North, and he desired the
passage of the resolution merely as a mat
ter of courtesy. ¦:' . . • : -
Colonel J. H. She'phard ; of Richmond,
Va., secured the floor and said: ;
-."I want no coquetting- with the Yan
kees- who defeated iis. For God's sake,
don't accept anything from their hands.
Don't accept anything from Union sol
diers. Vote it do*n, comrades! Vote it
down!" ' ¦ ; : :. :: -.= ¦•"'. '..
. Instantly there was-- a terrific uproar.
Dozens of delegates? were on their feet de
manding recognition from the chair. Gen
eral Gordon -.finally restored order, and in
response to a call for his opinion said:
"I trust the time will never come, while
I. stand on Southern ground or among the
chivalrous men of tho South, when I will
refuse to send a kindly: message to an en-
•Then.- corning: down to the front rail of
the platform,, the getieral raised his voice
in .emphatic earnestness, saying: .
••"I.kn.ow the- sender o£. this message. On
the .heights of Gettysburg he stood gal
lantly la front of ''. my lines, and it was
rhy bullets that sent him tn the rear with
a.- leg off. '-'T"-or 'me; VI; ••am going to recip
irocate the: kindly -.message, of the North
ern soldiers-.'-' • yif..-> .
¦'Wild cheers greeted- "the declaration.
General:- Gordon yielded .the- gavel to Gen
eral Cabell : of Texas*. ¦ who: made a short
"address ""in - favor. -.of -the resolution. Ha
put'.-the question -jfrv'the • midst of. such
great confusion: that, his voice-., could
scarcely: be heard. .;It was adopted -with
a- roar 'of ••assent."' ¦'•.¦;. . .:."-•
.. Biscoe Hiridman. of Ijbulsville was elect
ed .commander of -the Department of Vir
ginia, George B. flyers commander of the
Department of Tennessee and B. H: Kirk
re-elected- Commander of the Transmisa
issippi Department. :'-;• .-'-'.•¦ !
General Gallant Words Quell
the Storm and the/ Dissenters Put
'¦.:: Aside T3freir ; Time-Worn
. . . ':.'.' Prejudices.
Uproar Follows Proposal to
Send : Greetings to the
Northern Veterans. ¦¦¦
CONFEDERATES
SHOW HATRED
OF THE "YANKS"
¦.-•¦¦. -¦¦-..- . • ¦•¦¦¦«. • •.. . . -.'. ,¦> - w ¦ '
THE SA3ST FRANCISCO, CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 2, 1900.
einy.'
UOOKS AS THOUGH CHINA WILL HAVE JO DEAL :WITH*yV NEW K(Hp OR 11
;•- '• ' ¦- ¦' :• .-- ' "''¦". . .r : l"-.'. v ) ' ¦;'.- ' -i : '¦"; ¦. ; ••¦- ; ¦ .' \v-tT : y ¦ v." ' : ¦ .'•VrMPi'oiK'er Press'.
2
Of family and other expenses. You can do it in buying. The differenca
between cash and credit buying is a profit; why not earn itP Fair and
right to do so. Just now our red-tag sale is winning careful cash buyers
to our store by scores. It pays them and it pays us, a3 we are anxious to
close out many things for good and reduce overstock of others.
$3.50 FINE SHOES " v . CHAIB SEATS ... red ta'g price, 8c
....... red tag price, $1.50 Regular 15 cents; 14 aad 15 Inch, perfo-
'¦» — »i~ *.,?»„„ r,.f rated seats; popular kinds; 80 dotea only to
These are square toe. mostly button last move at red tae prices.
-' year's style: sizes 2% to 6ft; all first quality . *
—If you can wear square toe you save half . _ . _ t^. M .
and more. Ladles' shoes, widths D and E. Bed Tag Prices.
Imported school sponges • 01
? 2.OO SHOES, STBONG . . . . siyoi^n^roc.ers. tl^ ::::::::: ;:;;;
...... red tag price, SI. 10 S0c tool chests, little boys' jK»
These are *oat and kanearoo calf, square g^^,? c^ to ™S w f o™rtVM»iV."V:.3 l.oJJ
toe. button; sizes 3>i to 7; closln R because ?Vl kitchen stu child's: not 25c JS
• soing out of style: neat and good. »*£ o \ d C g O , d n-in. felt, now 8.1
Gents' H hose; credit price 10c OX
WOOL SUITS . . red tag price, S3.50 *^*™g&££feftfi^^££ : *»
One hundred and fifty of these: sizes 33, Grocers' and store Dassbooks. doa ©)r
34 35; also for boys. 16 to 19: no large sizes: Soapstone slate sencils: 100 ror l..
cood SiO value; mostly dark colors. :.* Marbles, adebe: lt"0 ror.... «>*
Biank memo, books, 3^x« O-
n iUPTAHT PA"R.A<?nT«J 75e White- chalk crayon- pross ijfi
CARRIAGE rA±lAbOL.b /OC jg. e 1^^^,, SHxl3», «>f»
§ These are with the folding handles: black. Shelf paper *«° rt^ «' 9 - ; ' iox ~ Jl*
beautiful bieh-cost goods. $1 50 to K 2o; Lace- shelf paper. 10 yas.. uo
closing at 75 cents for choice. BI»ACK SATEEN : . red tag price, 8c
FANCY BASKETS ....... This is excellent value at 13 cents; mostly
x.tt.xMux AA9A.AX0 • • • fc d whlte atrlDes; credit stores get
red tag price, 50c : n i a^ nt3 for !t .
This embraces 20 kinds £*£^V£*?5? WOOL YABN - . . red tag price, 75c
baskets, marked down from *1.2.>: the cho.ee ™« tu , ,
at 50 cents Thts Is the Hollar srade this year; w« close
-' ' ioo lbs., mostly black, at above price; se«
Turtle ec we 75c Lawn Mowers . . red tag price, ?3.25
Tnese are 'na'vy wool for big boys or , Iris «™ SS*£VXkf*S? Kg?;
re^uftl^'we cut u'ln^wSf?" «?»* to bring iV> each; cheaper now. " '
Room for Renton Fifth and Sixlh Floors for Storage or Light Manufacturing
Other Red Tag Prices. /^^ p^, JB /£?^?
21^!n'* JSntS^oufiiatr." 'closing^^ *' 13 J g M o f*
4"SE"iX"iS.=':::::: B £ffi®H e>f»npr
10c water color paints .: 05 S^ na^) g^ | HJf t\, ftm,
25c water -color paints ~ 1*> • _ _ - _. — p
Album, celluloid cover. 40 pictures 8o JlO'XJ Market ot.| O. r.
Are the Danger Slgnsls That C'.ve
Warning of Impure Blood.
: They.' show that the' vitaL fluid is in bad
.condition" and that', health is in dangerof
wrVck. A vast tnaiority of the most seri-
ous disesises, like;- scrofula, salt rheum,
spres.bdils and ali;eruptions exist because
of. Impurities in the' -blood. Hood's Sar-
saparilla -makes- the -..- blood /pure, cure*
pin^ples and: all eruptions and gives a fair
and healthy complexion. , ,
Hood's SarsapariHa
is the Best Medicine Momey Can Buy. ;'/jSlnce the. issuance of Lord Roberts' proclamation calling on the burghers to surrender their arms and return to their farms, a great many arrests have
been made of those suspected of not acting In good faith, to whom punfshment will in time be duly meted out. The above picture from the London Graphic gives
a scene : which,. according to the London papers, is one of many occurring dally over all that portion of the Orange Free State which is occupied by the British. The
arrests are made largely on the Information of Kaffirs, servants of the household or farm hands. The illustration shows one of these In the background mockingly
enjoying; the discomfiture of the family on the advent of the arresting party. . -
PACIFICATION OF THE ORANGE FREE STATE-ARREST OF DUTCH SUSPECTS.
Students at Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE. June 1.— A presi
dent's conference began the day's work
at the students' convention to-day and
an hour was spent In considering the
lines to be followed by presidents of col
lege associations In carrying on Young
Men's Christian Association work among
students. The daily Bible class was con
ducted as usual at 3 o'clock by Georga
W. Leavitt of Purdue University, In
diana, the subject beicg a continuation
of the geenral study of the life of
Christ. At 10 o'cloek H. W. Rose of Chi
cago, chairman of the convention, ad
dressed the entire body on "Fundamental
Points." To-day's platform address was
delivered by President Wadsworth of
Occidental College. Los Angeles. To-night
Rev. Dr. George C. Adams, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of San
Francisco, addresed the members of th»
"Life Work" class upon tre claims of
ministry upon young college men. and
the day's work concluded with a series of
delegation and committee meetings.
the dispatch from Cape Coast Castle, It
reveals a somewhat serioua situation, in
asmuch as apart from the possibility of
Governor Hodgson's party being cut oft
by the enemy north of Fumsu. it practi
cally announces" the evacuation of Koo
massie, which will be Interpreted by the
hostile tribes as a British retreat, and
thus tend to spread the rising. The rainy
season is now In full swing, and no puni
tive expedition can be successfully under
taken until the autumn.
It is understood that Captain Hall has
with him a force of 300 men and that al
together 3000 men have been inarched to
the relief of the beleaguered town.
Cheers for Boer Eiivoys.
PITTSFIEL;r>;;-: Mass., June 1.— Three
hundred, citizens.: met the Boer envoys
here tp^nighit as: they passed through oh
their i^^.to-Springneldy ;Many shook
hands ;with them and hearty 1 cheers were
given; : ilr, . Wessels said In regard to the
alleged. ;offe : r of iand in C : ol<jrado for the
Boers :to settle on. that In? his opinion his
people were?: topj ;•; thoroughly in love with
South' Africa to: emigrate. : He added that
he was much impressed with the welcothe
the envoys had received & New England.
Bo«rs Make : a Plucky Stand.
W1NBURG, May 31.— After considerabie
fighting the Boers,:wlth two guns and sev>
eral Maxim-Nordenfeldt- guns, are making
a plucky stand eight miles east: of Sen
ekal. General;- Rundle has succeeded in
driving ;off: the federals, thus permitting,
unopposedi . ; the . reoccupation of Lindle
bo6t:;V:---'-'^ : ¦•:•': :•'-'. ; :¦<- : i '-. : : ¦:;¦¦.
Humor of Krug«r's Death.
IX>NC»OXv June 1.— A belated dispatch
from Krooi)stad, dated Tuesday, May 23,
reports that President Kruger is very ill,
and;a<J.ds that tne.-statlonmaster at Kroon
stad. says the; Is dead. This,
however, .was hot credited*. "."•_¦
Speelal Dispatch/to The Call,
r CALL, HE ADOUABTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. June 1.—
A new tack is to be pursued by the War
Department to bring: about prompt sup-;
pression of. .the rebellion in the Philip
pines. .Several regiments of cavalry are
tobe sent to Manila dyring the summer,
and as sooii as the rainy season is at
hand active operations by ; bodies of
mounted troops are to.be made against
the insurgents.' ;."" : :- 'v ¦ ......
Major General MacArthur has informed
SENAT0RS DENOUCE
ENGLAND'S COURSE IN
INDIA AND AFRICA
Members lof: Rival Factions Now
. ; j^Make Criminal Charges. - ¦¦'¦ f;
Special Dispatch. : to The Call.
TUCSON, : June 1.— The rival factions of
the Gbbre Grande Copper Company are
keepihg up ; an Incessant fight. Having
exhausted ail kinds of civil remedies, they
have: turned their; hand to making crim
inal:; charges against each other. Presi
dent "V7. C. Greene yesterddy swore out a
warrant against Con O'ICeefe, one of the
prominent members of the opposing fac
tion, charginghim with burglary in enter
ing his, Greene's, office in; -his absence. '.
Last -week a prominent officer and mem
ber of. -the company was arrested on the
charge of perjury. The fight over the
possession of this famously rich copper
property has been very bitter. The courts
of Mexico and Arizona have been bur
dened with litigation over it. Things have
gone so far at times the Mexican Gov
ernment has had to place troops on the
property in order to keep the rival fac
tionsfrom using force. -.. .: .
the department, that ht> believes excellent
results would be' obtained from, cavalry,
and that horses now readily subsist on the.
country and the supplies which the cav
alry carries with It in campaigns. Before
finally taking action. Secretary Root said
this afternoon, he will, consult with Gen
erar Otis and Brigadier General Schwan,
both of whom will: come to Washington,
the. former after visiting Rochester. •:
¦ The department ha$ contemplated for
weeks the dispatching of cavalry to Ma
nila and has been considering what addi
tional regiments to send. It was suggest-,
ed to ' the Secretary this afternoon that'
there was cavalry, in: Cuba, but the Sec
retary replied that he could not say
whether any of the force there could be
withdrawn until after the Cuban elections
on June 16. It will be necessary to send
additional reprtments to the Philippines
to take the place of volunteers who ' will
begin to : return home ; in November and
battalionsof regulars which will be" with
drawn and stationed In the United States
as the home organization. . '¦ ¦ . '•' ."
Since the beginning of the war the Uni
ted States has transported to the Philip
pine? a total of 11,51S animals, 669S of.
COBRE; MINE "LITIGATION.
"V 7T T-ASHINGTON," June ¦l.'—Tn the Senate to-day Perkins of California
' V V i .presented a petition from organizations: and- of his.
:. ;•;: -•¦•.-. . ¦••.': .: State asking Congress .to make. an appropriation; for the relief of;
'¦'¦¦ [\- :. .the famishing people of India, and he asked that it be referred to
-.the; Committee' on Appropriations. ;He was not, he said, in possession of suf-
¦\fi6lent information to .-enable him. to "prepare a.' proper resolution dealing with
;the; question.' : In 1897 he had asked^or and procured a ship to carry to India
proyisioriS: donated by the people 'of ¦ California';. Oregon, ¦ Washington, . Ne
braska^; Kansas and Iowa. The provisions aggregated 4000 tons. No official
•.acknowledgment; had. ever been received of that :. donation ¦• so far as ho Was
aware. He/.hesitated now, therefore, to press a resolution; looking to the re
lief of the people 6f. : India, lest the Government: bf Great -Britain might not,
look with favor upon the action of" Congress In sending .to • India unsolicited '!
alms, as it might not look with fav^r on a friendly intervention by this Gov
ernment! in the South. African war^i::': ¦ ; -? . : v' ' ¦¦ - ; ' : ?. ' ; 7". '
,;The resolution .: brought from; Hale of Maine k bitter attack oh Great Brit-"
nln.- He demanded tb know what IingJand. had been doing : for her starving
millions. in India while she was pouring out unlimited treasure to crush two
republics, in Africa. •• Said he: \./ ' ¦¦' : : ' : :' ;:.;:'•. ¦¦'.¦,•.,
.. The' world- has- beert horrified — almost- stupefled— at the Bufferins,n6w being endured
in India. 'That; Is the chief : of England's colonies. '• The pestilence and famine are:
appalling to the lmaKinatlon. Whole families are ''being wiped .but of existence; the
bab> lies dead; ; beside' its mother. The situation: is -awful. XoV'the Senator comes
;.here with a proposition that we should appropriate money for the relief of these people.
:I .should: like.-, to., ask fhe Senator what England has .done for ¦ the people of India.
"She has'. spent" tens ,;and -hundreds pf millions of- -dollars. In. striking^ down and crush
ing republics. : It Is' the/most brutal. manifestation of : strength, against liberty and
weakness that the world has ever seen; and I nm - moved, therefore, to ask the.Sen
¦atqr what Great : Britain has done to relieve . the : suffering of her /Indian subjects.
What has he '.in the way. of Information upon this -point? "What Information has he
as to. England's action in this matter while she is spending hundreds of millions Jn
destroyliig tlie. Boer republics?
Aldrjch interjected. some caustic remarks abput making pro-Boef and po
litcal speeches every time a. petition was presented, and then Perkins, replying
to Hale, said he fully' realized the force of Hale's Question. ,
l£i ."I nm not asking the Senate to take action at.this time. I ask that the
memorial be referred to the Committee on Appropriations In order that the
members 6f the committee may carefully consider the subject," said he.
The petition was so referred. . • .
Several iRegiirieiits of-;Cav
. airy Soon to Be OrderedJ ¦ ¦;
, to Manila.
MORE TROOPS
TO SUPRESS
THE TAGALOS
POWERS MAY FIND: - ; ¦¦¦ • ;V
L gCAUSETOl PROTEST:
BERLIN, June l.i-Varipus ' Germaih
newtpapei-s :takc exception; to the terms;
of the proclamation; which It is said'liqrd
Roberts will Issue on the occupation .of
Pretoria' by the British troops, •: especially
regarding the treatment of non-combat--:
ants as opposed to combatant burghers.-.
The Vossische Zeitung says: i' ; ..;... ,:". ;? ; .
"Were the : Boers who have honorably
fought for. their country to; be punished
after the conclusion of. peace, : the elyfK.
lized powers would haVe; cause, to protest.-
Any detention or trial; of --President'
Kruger would be contrary to -the tradl 1 :
tions of International law,
amnesty -. -being the .' logical result of
peace." '¦¦•;> ;?' " ' -' : . :¦ :..' • :.:.;¦•:.-;/¦:¦
LORDS ROSSLYM AND- -)sg§
MANNERS LIBERATED
LONDON.. June 1.— In reply to an ;in-;.
quiry the United. States Consul at : Pre
toria, Adejbert S.' Hay, has .cabled to tlie.
T7nited States; Embassy, that Lord Rosslyn'.
was libordted on Wedhesday, but was &i
lowed to refnain In Pretoria. .Lord Cecil
"Manners, h(j "adds, also w-as: ;liberate<i.
Both were: acting as newspaper .corre
spondents. . ¦ •¦•¦.•.- • :.¦'' '.'
Although Consul Hay's cablegram does
not mention the condition prevailing at
Pretoria, there is a disposition here to re
gard It in sprue measure a is a- kind pf semt-*
olliclal imjorsement of the statemerits
LOXDOX, June 2, 3:15 a. pi^-^ox^Li Roberts; cdnthjues/ : siient : reg-grding Pretoria^ probably
because he cannot; wire of e7^^fiK^'|hi^$^^6Esoil9i knowledge;:; LojLtrenzp^. Marques,
where all the news from the^Boer jsieje is rejtiaridled^ cables itfiat- communication wijth Pretoria
is now suspended. Some messages; by courier haye; .reacji6ii Tibur^zp' ZVIiarq^esi but nc>ne of later
date than Wednesday. These ass^ert thatit!ie.biir0eb>re\:in:a. stat^ 1 of ipanic -anti . that Pretoria is'
being controlled by a vigilance committee^ v^Piirenzo that Presi
dent Kruger has been captured. • . ¦ ' o * ; .
The lack of news gives rise toa'susjMciojx : 'tbat the : citiziens'^committee:; at- Pretoria may not
have been able to cany put its plans; forVsiecuring Roberts and sparing
the city the horrors of a sieges 4. -peace party s . : a^eared:t^ be in^e ascendant^ and as soon as
President |Cruger and his Gabinet left Pretpria : to a new'-.tapitdl' : th6 citizens' :icommittee :
persuaded the commandants of the :fp;ttsjta! \vithdraw sqmej\oi : -iiie:itrpqps--f.r6iriith|i.^defen?e.s, perhaps
with the view of keeping the tq-v^rii.;. If^rnesseng-^s; weiresent to the: British, or if^the Brit
ish, being 1 two hoursVmarcii fr^ time prior toV
Friday noon. Lord Roberts would certainly ha\-e;^legT^^ though
there was h Boer force between Pretoria and Johannesburg. . •;
' .. These soldiers Atrekking iaclc 'toward Pretoria, !^cow^^f^jra^S^f^S&i^gi^v^^jfi^^^i^t^ Gen-:
eral Hamilton, would ha\re broiigfht ia new,ejiemehtjwto;the;;situiatio;ii \and -.< vVvqul4;;t:Probably ; overrule
the peace committee, taking the direction of affairs out of : their: liaiids: thii has happened the
British may, as: the Daily Ghrpm'cie saysi ! see spjiie ; "tiari: li^htihg 7 :; before "the British flag flies
over Pretoria, for even ifvthe Boers .held^Only three; forts;st4fi'ding close' 0 south
of the town they would bein ,;:i;; : - ; : :- . ; . : . .'; -''r-l
'I he Times has ;the following from^mreilz^) M^r^ue$v d^ted June 1:^Reports of the most
conflicting character ue!^arz:^^^|ie^ s d^^^!t^;activi^ of the RoerageiitSv/WlTile one section de
clares that President Ivrugerhas #etufnedit6 : Fretc)ria for;the purpose <)f : arranging terms of sur-v
render. anotl?£r asserts that the; British- have been-fepulse^QUtsic^of^retori^
is kno\vn Jiere regarding Kriiger^^ierea8but$or^the;si^^ / j:
made in Lord Rosslyn's dispatch to the
Daily Mall of J^dridon announcing the lm
minentH surrender, of Pretoria to th>
British.:^ '¦ :=.: I-?;:;:' : ¦£??. . :;.';
LONDON] June'2.— News of Ivord, Robr
: trts" occupation of Pretoria is: mo
mentarily' expected in . tohdon,
since nil unofficial dispatches agree
that thp city is prepared, for the
cnnqurrOr's entry- Nevertheless it
i.« thought hy",5omie that . Kruger's . com
rr.andos may 'occupy positions ; bet ween
Johanr.csburg and the- capital and;- make
another effort; to check the British ad
vanco.; •'.""':•¦•'.¦ •.:.:' ¦ :•¦¦.¦"•".-*¦'•¦¦¦•¦' ' :
The Boers, arcordlng to a special dis
patch from Lourenzo Marques, have re
<tu<tp»! th«- northeastern territory of the
Frc-p Frate and ar^ or.gaged with thr* Brit
ish nesir A'eutefsburg and Harrismith. / :
Generals French a.nd Hamilton are un--.'
CTstof'il to be operatinB on Field Marshal
Jioberts* left, the rest of the army follow^
ir:^ in an ecfeelon formation. Generals
Polo-Carew and Tucker still occupy the
center of the column, but the. .identity of
tho troops on the. rijrht is unknown here. -
President Kru^rcr la .represented^ aa ex^.
rninp himself to the DtmoFt to. rally hia
«*!M;r£anizod Tr.'!n?vaa]prp east of Pre
toria. In his work he is said to have the
vigorous aid of President Steyn. who is
reported to have led. C009 Orange Free
Staters across the Vaal as an evidence of
poor] faith. If ft is true that the Boers
at I-air.ps Nek are trekking out for fear of
General Buller's wheeling movement
threa.trr.ing their left and rear they are
perhaps bound for Krufjer's new base. on
th<» Delapoa Bay Railway, ' . .;"
Fierce flphtir.g in the Orange River col
ony between BUndle'e division arid a de
termined force of Boers near Senekal
Bhowa that the war in that locality is not
yet at an end. General Rundle appears to
have achieved a temporary victory over:
the burghers, but has not captured any of
thr-ir gruns. : .: - :
Another feature of the recent develop
ments ]s the renewed activity of the reb
els in Cape Colony. According to one dis-;
patch a British force at Douglas has been
cut up; sixteen men beir.gr killed, includ
ing Colcnej Spence. A dispatch from Colo
nel Adyes' column describes "a successful
engagement with Griqualand rebels." but
Special Cabl* •¦ to -The Call and • Xew : Tork
Hfrnld. Copyright.: -IKiO.' ' by ,,the herald
1'ubiiFhin^ Company,-. " ¦ ¦'•.--: ¦¦
GAPE. TOWN. May 3t.^^enera| : Wafr6]tl\vith 760 meitivoccupificl'a strong defensive po
fition. at Faberspruit on 'Mar 29: At jdawrtlte fpuiidthat lie i^s siirrouqded :and^ he was fiercely
attacked by a thousand rebels. The horses were :; s;tampedeS, ; Dfttithe force :;cpiiceiitrated; and the
Beers .were reptilsed. A; small party in a K garden :C6 : ntthiied't6:fig?it teMcioiisiS^-but evacuated as
the charge ; began, leaving a number of w^inide^l : j :: The^ Colonel
Spence. and thirty wounded. ' .
says the 'Viptpiry cosf.'fivG British- .klllp^
and: t^^nty "woynded. ''•.;' .;•--.• ; .^' --k ¦'-} K'\
A -di's-pa'teh; .'from' V.rj'burg ; .da;ted; : "Slay, jsp
Fay?:. -. vDjirtrigr". the .occupation t»^;:. this
place-by the -,Boers. they: flogged the;na<
¦tives for flight offenses. -.A- whip:; ari!il:sev^
ipral cords', knatted-arid salted, were -found,
at.the pbHe<? station. '.A boy w.h-Q brdug-ht
a' fetter to a woman rec^iy^d
¦lashes; and Sridther who; sympath.iJ5ed.with;
him received fifteen." : '.' '":¦ ¦'Z'.'.U-'''- \:X:
•- I>adj'-Ge6rg1ara Curzpn has cabled £17,;*
•OOjO ;to .provide-! comforts -and luxuries; at-
Mafeking;',;'^-.; /y/i.h ¦¦' ¦. -: : ' '¦ • ;:, .-(;¦¦•;¦.• }:.
HOW KRUGER RECEIVED
SCHOOL BOYS' MESSAGE
'.'¦ PHILAD^LPHlA;:ij«ne li^-Thie tollbw^
ing cable.' message has<been received fro irj :
Pretoria, dated Slay 2?: . v; ¦; % . '£:''?'¦ u- ¦' :';':¦'¦
' fiy ; stress pf djfe clrcumstahces the meSsagre :
from the; B.chpoiboys : of ttf\P>esli-]
dent Kruger, /delivered ..this day., has a tone pf :
syrlipathy afid sorrow .at ' the final. : :TniRJf.o.rtuhe ¦
which lR'ab.c«it to '•'¦*rl©* : ' the South. African re~ :
public' f roirt' .ihe ;roM / ; of :• -'Indepeiidp.n't : .'nations;;.'
rather than .of eTJcourapenient t6 a jieople fight
ing for libei-ty^rfor th<?. flight has been f oughts- .
and lost. .•; '/;¦;•.. . • ¦.' ; - : .C : ; ' :; : '¦:/¦¦'*.':+: '.'; '.¦?
The message, was dellyered in. the executive
chamber at the. capjtoly: ihroutfh the windows';
of which . cafrje the rumble of oxcarts and Ken---.
eral confusion: attendant upon the evacuation of:
the city by the. families, of. the Boers.;.' The .Brit-*:'
Uh are reported to be aplvroaching, - : ;'->' .1; I -;'¦
There was fen impreFSiye silence in the. cham
ber as. the stern and venerable President Of this .
doomed republic rxnt forward to receive from;
M<?$s<?nger. jales Francis-Smith the • packet
which the boy had traveled 12.C00 miles to de T ;
l!v«r Into his'hands. ., 'A.-', '• :' ' '..- I;-:?.-' )¦'--
'•Caesar, mfariiuri te salutainus," quoted; S<?cif:
rotary of State' Reitz as the President accept^ii,
the message:;"' Then he a;dde.d a bitter .epigram:
- VOn this occasion the is reverses.'-:
Caesar greeta those about to die." ' .i -y\' ;..';,
: This reference to the United. States arid the/;
mersatre of-.-sywrtathy from America to ¦ the
President of a dying sister republic profoundly
moved every .one present. . Tears ; KllEtened ;lri
the President's;: eyes as he took the packet irom
the messercer's hands.- .;.:.': -;..'¦' :'¦¦ .'; -..' : : . • •'
In presehtixig- ; the •¦:. message Smith '.: made a
manly little >peech. informing : President Kru
srer of the nature of Ms mission as courier- of
the schoolboys of Philadelphia.. Secretary iof
State Reitz. translated •. Smith's simple, sen
tences as they: were. spofcen.-V; '• ':''/.}.• :' : i'}£ ;.-./
Then the bo^ok from the Xorth American, con
taining the -.narrative Of" the : movement .that
culminated 4n; the dispatch of the ¦'¦¦messenger
and the newspaper cllpfiirifcB expressive of the
sympathy of : -the people pt- the .-.- United Stateg
with the Boeri'cause. was Ipresehted. ':¦ , ;,'/'.';. j
President Krugrer's reply was grave ainacourv
teous. He, tendered hearty, thanks to the Amer
ican pecp]e. ; ;ind particularly to; the liberty lads
of ¦ Philadelphia; for..: their sympathy^ and.
charged Smith to return tiia : greetings. ; to the;
good peoiJe of America.-; ..Then,;, with fatherly
kindness, he shook hands .with Smith,' ;congrat^
ulating him; .tipdn completing' his long Journey
in safety and ; expressing .the hope : that : he:
would havean : equally safe return to. his dis-
tant home. The entire group was then "photo--,
graphed. . '•'.?¦*.'¦¦' '..': 'M. ; :' ¦'¦'-¦ '¦ • ' ¦; 'v-i } ':,¦
Peace Party Believed to Have Failed in Its
Attempt to Deliver the Capital Over to
Lord Roberts— Patriots Re-enteri the
Free State and Engage the British*
TRANSVAAL WARRIORS WILL MAKE A LAST
STAND IN THE TRENCHES BEFORE PRETORIA
SllE SAJf ; FKA^CISGO; V^AIjI^;. SATURDAY JUNE 2, 1000.
CAPTAIN ROBERTS WELL
- TREATED BY FILIPINOS
; MANILA,' June: 1.— Captain Roberts of
the Thirty-fifth .-'Regiment and . his two
missing companions, captured at San
Miguel de Mayumo, province of Bulucan,
island of Luzon, May 29, are still in the
hands of the rebels, who have communi
cated to the: Americans their intention to
treat the prisoners well and in accordance
with the laws of war.
During last night Captain Roberts' wife,
who was at San Miguel de Mayumo, re
ceived a note 1 announcing the capture of
her husband. The good treatment of the
prisoners continued and Captain Roberts
believes the rebels will exchange him. and
hta companions,'
The first report of the capture of Cap
tain Roberts and his companions was
erroneous. The captain with six scouts
was surprised while lunching. Three of
the party were killed and four captured,
one of whom was wounded. The wounded
man was. liberated.
Captain Abbott of the Forty-second
Regiment recently met 250 Ladrones near
Sinalion. One American was killed and
the Filipinos had eight men killed and
four wounded.
which are horses. General Ludlngton,
quartermaster general, said that this work
had been accomplished with very small
loss. There are two animal .transports
now in the Philippines which will return
to San Francisco in July, and one trans
port fitted up for the transportation of
animals; is now at San Francisco. It is
expected, that to transport the cavalry to
Manila additional vessels will have to be
chartered. •••-.".. ¦ •.••• \ ¦; "
LONDON, June 1, 7:45 p. m.— The Colo
nial Office has received a dispatch from
Cape Coast Castle, dated. May 31. saying
It is believed there that Captain Hall,
with a relief party, entered Koomassie on
May 26. The Governor, Sir Frederick
Mitchell Hodgson, with the sick, wound
ed and refugees, was expected to arrive
at Fumsu on May 30. The troops, It is
added, have, been concentrated at Fumsu
to overcome any possible resistance by
the rebels, who are reported to be to the
north.
Notwithstanding: the optimistic tone of
Relief Force Enables the
Garrison to Escape the
Besieging Ashantis.
KOOMASSIE
EVACUATED
BY BRITISH
3
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Collapse is Coming
eoon or late, when the stomach and di-
gestive and nutritive system begin to
faiL It must be so. Food is the body's
life. Bat food must be digested, before
it can nourish the body. It is not what
we eat but what we digest that feeds us.
"Don't neglect the first warnings of stom-
ach trouble. The timely use of Dr.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery,
which is a medicine for the cure of dis-
eases of the stomach and organs of di-
gestion and nutrition will in ninety-eight
cases out of a hundred result in a per-
manent cure. The percentage of cures
is based on actual figures and facts, re-
corded in the treatment of hundreds of;
thousands of sick people. The ? Discovi-
cry" always helps. It almost alzvays
cures. y, -.=-.;- ¦¦_¦• .;;
¦ I was trrmMed with indigestion f>>r about two
wars.' 1 writes Wm. Bowkcr. Esq.. of Julia^tta.
Latah Co.. Idaho. ¦ I tried different doctors and
remedies but Iq no avail, until I wrote to vou
end you told nit what to do. I suffered with a
pain ia my * tom^ch cad l<rfl side and thought
thst it would Lill me. Now I anj all right. I
can do my work now without pain and I don't
have that tire-U frelinj that I used to have. Fire
bottles of IJr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
and two vials of his 'Pleasant Pellets* cured
me."
The Peopled Common Sense Medical
Adviser, containing 1008 pages, and over
.700 illustrations is sent frte, on receipt-
of stamps to cover expense of mailing:
only. Send 31 one-cent stamps for ex-
pense of mailing cloth bound volume as
£.hown cbove, or 21 stamps, for the same
lxx>k in paper covers. Address Doctor.
R. V. Pierce, Cuilalo, N. Y. ; .:
||'j|| ' Blue Serge, yf // tv/ ' Double-Breasted Sack, |s
j|jj||| Black Clay Worsted, J-A J\ ¦ Py Round-Cut Sack, •$£%
Igjjraa Black Cheviot, v- \/J I \ Three-Button Cutaway. f J~P|j
Oxford Tweeds, /j \ Excellent Material, v>j
AJ.PRAGER ft SONS W?He went- to the. slip on three -legs for % the deciding course, and yet won handily. In the Ladies' Day
Champion stake/ held annually in June under the auspices.of the Interstate Coursing Club, he will meet
the undefeated For Freedom and also Beacon.. In a special match recently with the latter Palo Alto was
defeated, although showing equal speed wjth'the crack representative of the Curtis Kennels. Palo Alto
is the property of Eugene Geary,' who has given htm all the care and the attention it is possible to
bestdw on a greyhound. The illustration is after a photograph taken expressly for The CalL
EUGENE GEARY'S PALO ALTO, FASTEST YOUNG GREYHOUND IN AMERICA.
T"\ ALO 'lAI/PO,- th^rre-atPst son <?f Emi;n : Pasha; Is the sertsatian of the coursing world at the. present.
LJifirae:: >lts two;v1c|qrles jircharnplonVstaUes^ovipif; Lli^or?; ••wlnfter: of-, the John Grace Challenge cup.
F^ and tJj^' : TBiiiarHitt^'sp'e^~;iie! : h.afr.-*^6w.n-lift;nU!..Ii:'is' courses, stamp, him the most promising greyhound
-V: ey<?r bred ih. : tht« ; e«^ntry...;in;additi<m tp^spKdK.he'^ has; gameness In a marked degree; . In the.; first:
Stake in which he :^?;a». cnterodihe won.lSdth.hls first eovrrses antf ..the deciding course after running two
minutts. ''On"la«t left,:ft>releg in his firstfeourse.
At the California Tennis Club's courts
this afternoon the Whitney brothers will
play the finals In the tournament which
was begun on Decoration day. George
Whitnev drew in the upper half of the
card and Robert X. Whitney in. the lower,
thus making it possible for both the)
cracks to come together in the final. The
tournament was not a great success from
the standpoint of tennis, although tho
entries were numerous and showed an in
crease in Interest in the same. As ther©
were two prizes offered, a handsome silver
mounted cigar case and a cup, the Whit
ney? will capture both.
TENNIS CHAMPIONS MEET.
The swimming and diving competition
at Sutro Baths to-morrow will be between
the following athletes:
SO-yard dash. Juveniles— P. Suraber*. P. Bo
ten, H. Frcst, L. Hanlon. J. Laird. P. Locfc
wood, G. Charles. G. Hu.lor.ik. W. Summers,
F. Carroll, G. Childs. P. Louis. J. Johnson, M.
Carmody. W. Woolbeck. J. Anderson. 5*-yant
match between F. A. Wolfe and R. Riding will
be decided. Tub race — F. Hughes. J. Jones. P.
Summers. M. Lincoln, T. ThomDson, E. Bell.
L. Smith, W. Harrlriff. F. Terry. C. Carlton,
C. Lumlin, J. O'Brien. G. Walnrtght. E. Wells.
C. Carroll. F. Brown. F. Ritter. J. Heckett.
F. Cook. Trick and fancy springboard diving—
E. Epperson, O. Misner, P. Logan. G. Wallace.
L. Bodle. R. Riding, J. Hanton, E. Mc'Kenzle,
L. Hansboro. J. A. Jackson. M. Irvlnjr, G.
Charles. W. Carroll, J. ilclntyre, G. Gruemaa,
F. Brown.
SWIMMERS AND DIVERS.
TI1K Dolphin Swimming and Boat
ing Club will hold a ladies' day on
the 17th inst. - tor its members
and. their friends, admission to -"be
by invitation only. A special pro
gramme has been prepared, the
principal events being a four-oared barge
race .between a crew made up of "W. t).
Patch. E. Kragr.ess. George -Baker and
Alex W. Pape, and ;i four manned by W.
A. Donovan, R. Ohe.i, 11. A. Swedlumi
and T. R.-Dixon. The first-named crew
is composed cf senior oarsmen, while their
opponents recently rowed in the junior
barge race on Olympic ladies' day at Bel
vedere. On that occasion the juniors
fouled the Alamedas at the turning point
and finished last. There will also be the
regular barge race's between the Irish and
German members of tht club, walking th-j
greasy pole, a handicap swimming race,
in which A. \V. Pape will be hanracapper
and scratch man, a:Td an outrigger skirt
race for novices. The contestants in this
will be E. Kragness, H. A. Swedlund, K.
Ohea and W. A. Donovan. Dr. F. K.
Axton and W. O. Patch will pull in a
senior race in outrigger skiffs, and it is
possible that a trophy may be offered for
a match race in outrigger skiffs between
George Baker and Stanley Adderley.
At the Belvedere regatta George Baker
won an easy victory over STtanley Adder
ley, but the latter thinks he lost a good
deal by poor steering, due to his unfa
miliarity with the course. He feels cer
tain that he can make a much closer race
over water that he knows and on a
straightaway course. Since the new
Fishermen's wharf is being constructed at
North Beach the course will be from the
foot of Van Ness avenue to the foot of
Taylor street inside the piles. It will b«
about one mile with a, turn. The commit
tee in charge of the events consists of TV.
O. Patch (chairman). J. S. Earls. W. L.
Bush, T. R. Dixon and T. J. Kennedy.
The nominating committee of the Dol
phins has named the following to serve
as officers of the club for the ensuing
half-year: For president, F. W. Woern
ner; vice president. K. H. Coney; record
ing secretary. W. L. Bush; financial sec
retary, F. C. Staib; treasurer, A. L.
Schuppert; sergeant at arms. Lester Ham
mersmith; captain. C. M. Farrell; lieuten
ant captain. George Baker. All the fore
going except C. M. Farrell are at present
holding the offices for which they hava
been nominated. C. M. Farrell some years
ago served five consecutive terms as cap
tain and proved himself a good worker
and efficient officer.
The Ariel and Pioneer Rowing Cluba will
give a regatta at Long wharf on the 10th
inst., at which there will be barge and
outrigger skiff races and the second com
petition for the Alpers medal. The South
Ends will probably start in a barge crew
and some single scullers.
Boating Clubs Will Promote Pri
vate Hegattos to Keep Their
Scullers in Practice.
Oarsmen Will Entertain
Their Friends.
DOLPHINS ARE
PREPARING FOR
SPECIAL RACES
United. States. JDistrict Attorney Coombs
filed .ai nolle prosequl yesterday In the
United States District Court in the case
of. the- Government 4 against George £>!«
fendorf, chiarKeq. with having committed
burglar?- in the postofflce at Benicia> In
-.company with '¦'William Cronin.. Crohin
pleaded : gutlty in- the. same . court i&_two
indiexments-chargine-nim with, btirjrigrv
on the Benicia and the Cplusa postofflcea
He exonerated '• Dleffepdorf. : Dieffendbrf
was, discharged from .custody. ; : •' ;
George. Dieffendorf Released.
i*S^f I* 0 " b , 7 whlcl »the National Ath
«?«£? f 8 * e! » V> *niPin Tax Collector
Scott from revoking Its annual license
terday The petttioner claims th^tfhe
SiW 1^ 1116 Tax Collector tor
revoking the license was. insufficient, while
on- the other hand the Tax Collector
quotes that .secUon of the ordnance
rnltttas.boxijnjj that, Sfecificallv Stales
named in the license Unless special per-
SS? • ST^ inted t( >; change the scene
of the National Club.
Though the nine holes are not yet ready
for play, the formal -opening of the
Sausalito Golf Club's links or? the FoV?
Baker reservation took places oh Decora
tion^ day. a luncheon was served in
tents and a large- number of members and
friends enjoyed. . the hospitality. of the
flub; A new road is to-be built from
the. outer limits of the military re«erva^
tion lo.Fort Baker-, and this T^in be^ a
great advantage to the golfers, as tht
llffi a Tl nei !^\ tW0 from Sausa^
hto. The club has chosen the fallow
ing; officers: President. A. D SheZd
tenant H.C. Clark. The cour«e was ia?d
out by Da^-id Stephenson and? wifl b^
ready, for play In a few Week^ It ¦ i« ,
¦JHWK one, with almost as Sy natural
The competitions for the Council's cups
for men and women began on Decoration
day on the San Rafael links in the pres
ence .of a large number of spectators.
The men played the eighteen holes con
tinuously, but the ladies played nine In
the morning and the remaining: nine in
the^afternoon. In the men's competition
E. J. McCutchen boat Maurice Dore. 8 up,
6 to t>lay;'.J. J. Crooks defeated Chauncey
R. \vihs!6w,'2 up;. George Heazelton, beat
C. P. Eells. I- up and 19 holes, and Car
ter. P. Pomerey. won 6 up from A. A.
Curtis.. The four winners will play the
semi-final round of the competition to
day and the final round may be played at
the convenience, of the contestants on any
day prior to the 9th Inst. •'. .-..'- :
., As only five ladles ;. qualified for the
competition for the .Council's cup for
woman; one, Mrs. J. J. Crooks, drew a
bye. In the first round Mrs. Frank S
Johnson beat Mrs. F. H. Green. 4 up and
3 to play, and Miss Alice Colden HofTinann
defeated Mrs. Mark Gerstle, 10 up S to
pla>\ Miss Alice C. Hoffmann drew a
bye- for. the semi-finaf round, which will
be played this afternoon, and will meet
the winner of. the Crooks-Johnson match
on some convenient day before the 9tn
v\Vlth "the . coming of June the trout fish
ermen prepare for the superb sport af
forded by Webber : Lake, Lakes Tahoe. j
Independence, Dpnneir and other bodies of
water In the mountains near the boundary
line of California and Nevada^ Trains are
running, this, year for. the first time be
tweeri-Truckee find Tahbe. ' thus doine i
away: with rnuchrdiscomfort in travel. It
is expected thousands of anglers will avail
of the. Vftshing; this y*ar if the sport is
nearly 4is good as that afforded last year.
The inn at Webber Lake has been opened
for the season, and Al CUmminpr and oth- '
ers who are enthusiastic over the fishing
and the : matchless scenery inthe vicinity
Of th^lake arfe already planning their an
nual pilgrimages, haying that as their ob
jective point. ¦ •• - : ...
Alex Vogelsang, president of the Fish
CommiFSion', received a beautiful specimen
recently! pf the Lake Superior trout, com
monly.known as the Mackinaw. It was
taken J-n Lake Tahoe. near McKinneys,
and weighed four pounds.-. The Fish Com
missioners-have-been planting these fish in
Tahoe for several years. A. number of
small specimens were taken last year, but
this. is the largest seen by the Commis
sioners. The Mackinaw grows to a big
size in.- Lake. Superior. . '.some weighing
twenty pounds often reaching the Chicago
markets. There is no reason why the fish
should not. do -well in Tahoe. If they at
tain in Tahoe the size of the trout in Lake
Superior they, will. tax the strength of the
tackle in- common use there. Fly fisher
men do " riot : regard ; the Mackinaw with
favor, as. he' is not known to come to the
surface: As., the- Tahoe fishing is chiefly
done by trolling the Mackinaw should
prove a great favorite- .- . '.. '. .
.The ofllclals;of the Spring Valley "Water
.-Works-/ have '-'under consideration the
stocking of I»ake Merced with I striped
bass. The suggestion Is a novel one. as .
the bass,' like the salmon,, while he propa
gates in -fre^h' water; spends most of his
life in the sea; ¦: .. ... . : .
' Judge :Nusbaumer -. of - Oakland, John
Gadman, AchiUie % Roos and . I. I. Bro'tvn
have been fishing the upper Sacramento
during -the' past ..week. The members of
the- party "Went to enjoy the fly fishing.
Shortly after their arrival they sent for a
supply 'of salmon roe for i poison oak.
which ; probably indicates they djd- not
lose any -time in 'catching something. C.
B. Gould. arid Dr. "Clark Burnham ate also
omrthef-TlVer.-'in q.iie'st.of -sport.' ¦-. ¦. ¦'.
' '-"VV.'-A- Cooper and wife leave early iiext
week for. Sims, on. the upper. Sacramento. '
"J. B." Walker will also- fish in the^ same
vicinity- ' •¦' ¦ •". -¦' •'-' " " "¦'¦ '¦'
-Leonard Kitts . and William Fox are
• campifig on . the -McClptld'; near Fowlers.
They have enjoyed first-class sport-. ; :
CAi" Bowers of the United States fish
hatchery at Baird, on. the McCloud, made
the record catch of the season recently.
He landed' a 6H-POtia'd trout in the pool
opposite the. .boa*' landing, -using a- .'Xov 10
"Fishermen seeking striped bass In 6ak
¦land estuary, last' Sunday had fifty-five
boats out- .The best of- the fishing last
year was- lft June sirid 'July. As Al Wilson
landed an • eJghteen-pounder recently- and
W R; ."-ilcFarland was also successful- it
was thought the.: fish were back in their
old haunts.; A few nredluin sized fish were
caught. •¦:.. ;- ; - ' :'¦•'¦¦ .:."'
'¦ One 6f the amendments • to the game
laws proposed by the sportsmen's conven
tion isiof particular interest to anglers.
It provides that., no . steelheads shall be
tjikenlh tidewater between the 1st of Feb
ruary and the 1st of April. This is e.x
pccted;:t6: improve . the. .April fishing in
fresh water. ..¦'.¦ ' •"':•-
Tahoe;' jWebber^ Independence, Donner
fv? ; ; -fflEid btherjResorts Open for
:-^ -M: -';jhe >; Season.;... '= - .,'•;
ANpRS PREPARE <?>,
' FORSAKE FISHING
The 36-hole handicap medal play for men
on the Presidio links on Decoration day
attracted twelve entries. The best
rounds were J. "W. Byrne's second and
third. 49, 43, and the best gross scores
for' the four rounds were J. W. Byrne's
200 and S. Li Abbott Jr.'s 201. The first
prize was won by C. F. Mullins with a
gross score of 210 and a net score of 1S3.
The second award went to J. W. Byrne,
whose score was 3XKr-less 10— ISO. Leo
Chenerv, though a new player, finished
fourth In the net scores. The full results
are given in the table: ». f*,' : :':f~-,
With Ardent Followers of the
YS. Ancient Scotch Pastime.
Links Throughout the State Thronged
GOLF STILL HOLDS
ITS MANY DEVOTEES
.'•: A ; h.ilf-houKs rideion the steamer Ukla.h;
Is all iSt takes to 'rtaeh El 'Camfto. -.ttye
finest :: resort .cijn ihie I'hay. "¦ ¦_ Tbo . tTkiah
•iaake^' three .- round trips ¦ 'every -.. Sunday
and.' th,<*re:-is abun&ance of roora '•• f or; till
\isltdr9.goin-5 or ct>miag. : ' •' : ' . .-. :.'
Wl3er«i to Go;
Judre DalaiwiJeW' auyuaped •Ilcnja.Tfein
F. Cr<njc>. puiHy «f.ci>r.trmpt .>^stprday
for fcavtmr fail<-d to- pay' Mrs'.--Croueh'ali
mony as- crdensil- by Xtoe. .cw»rt. ' -Cxfiuch
W3£ «-rdcr«^l fc^tp'thc c«jy\od>* <>,f the Sbtr.;
Iff until be had 'complied \wK hi the order
and ecttlod Mp& Crt«ich*s-6cman* far-.fd^
Crouch Is in/Contesipt.
-D.'- Ratran. and E; .Barry %•*. J. Klrljy and C.
Murray- Jl ¦R.-'PocKmah and E>. j. Sh*?han vs.-
X; J: Firentfierciast and L. Watennan: A. • Me-
Vicker '."and -J. : C-ondbn..rvs. G. ; - Smltft' .and T.
l*ath; .'P.- Mcliinnon''and Hi Raeoullet \-s. L.
Carfalne and M. McNeil: P- Ryan and "VW H.
Sicbet8t;:-\-s- '• G.| B. Hayward and. J. J. Caha
vau-; It.- iliirRhy and E. Curfey ' vs. E. Toy
and TVV'MagTitr-e; r.W.-- WUUains and. Ji^Lawless
vs. W*. FlfliwinilP. Huichinson; JV Glynn and
R. R«sH ts.; E: WliSt.eand W. Johnspn; M. J.
KiltalV-ri and A. .Hamrtca Vf.'j; Harlow and
j. white. ; ; ;•¦ ,; ! : ,.- . ..' ' • ••; ; ; . ¦- ¦. .
The Handball : matches at : Pliil . ; Ryan's
couTt t'6-rn0rro\v''wll.i; toie. between ihe fol-
Iowing.!plajfe5s:j ' . : ";. ! ;;..
H^N DBALLv MATCHES;
••' The .recent: sh6w- of-'; trie;. San -Frartcisco
•Kf nn«?i ' Club -se.em.st to have -awakened all
the io.ld-tirne. ctithus}Asrn ..- f or :wihlch,the
ticjg" ..fanciers ot' the "Padflc. Coast , 'were
onee io. noted.; Messrs. Little of- Oakland
and E.' XL. Simpson of Sacramento are. in
dustriously maklhfr preparations for-their
respecjtive sho^saho it is. understood that
the applications. ;'f or ;;m*mtK>rship, lm the
American Kennpl .Club go : fonv.a'nt ' this
w-eek. ; -.Edwjri; F;' Smith, .secretary of the
¦Tahforarl Show -Association, is also : .Work
ins hard aodfhe shove is assured, ofc: tak
ing.'plfjCP. . These fall ¦ shows have been
.needed i to keep alive ¦.'the: Interest in ken
hel- matters, and the., fancy will- be. -kept
MORE BENCH SHOWS.
Decrees of ilivorb* ori.' the prour.d ofid?-"
scrtion wore pTa^teji •>. esfniay- to Amilo
F. Jonos i nra •Cepfpe t>. Jx>r*ry. and C.^th
rriiie M.I Lnjran' frhrn -. Jaraes M. Ijpgian
Sulty for dixanre have; Ii^«tj :fi!ed fey ViT-^
iclnfa Alofse apafnM -.Adolph A'ioise for»le
fenloa. BUa..« Spvr.cer- -apaJc^t Herhext
Fpfncvr for deffrrion, Wa A. lilajir apnirist
John H. for trtrmp^ranee.'N'inW
Ooiimann as-Riust -Martin tVprnann
taifare to proivjde. .?Ch:rtrJes B. ¦ de Wolfe
acalnM Marj-;;A. de f^r d^ertion "
Msrv Eari ajrainst -. Atl^n 1-dward Earl
for fallum? toito>1«3* and IJllie M, Crow.
ley againyt John \\\ Crowiey . fcir deser
tion. • - "¦¦':¦-•" •*.*-'.-¦."-¦ •'-' '¦'.-.•.-¦:
r~r — —7^ — : —^"^
In the IHyprte Court,
•This;, week the San Franciscos: will, po
fe> Stockton 'to finish the. series begiiri at
Itecrent5on ; I'ark lifcst.week. -.-Tp.. win. a.
majority of that series it wilt be neces-
sarv for the. local team to , win both
Kuracs! although MantLger Harris; should
t*e •¦ satMfleil ; '; to . bre-ak even; away from;
hnra* 1 -'-' •• Tlie Saerameritos are • ctfming . to
town i<i-c0rm>lere "their series -. wfth the
Oaklatids. .; The line-up for the game tq>.
day is> as follows: v' ' -~ : y'- "; •¦ ;..Wi. '
: ?ieraitoentd. '. 'V . Bwttions". '¦'¦}.'-. \"-. OaklaadJ.; :
5? W.ley ...... \...;.^ Cftifher ...<...vi.Hamthon<i
ivwle.V; '.';.'iii T*K.eh>r ::..U.^«;.^.:St«'iraijJ
Hatildnv..':l».......v..F\rs ! t: b«s*.V.-,i.\Hutchln!w»n'
j=iuVts.i'.-...i'i»..»...."J t *een<J ba*e .•..-.'». ,,'.Fra»cks
l»evereaur.:..;; : .U:...T.hlrd base..;..j...U.;..Lohpe
T^gin.l. ....:. .'....:.. Shortstop .:.... '...'.Schmeer.
¦McLaUKhUn....-.i.'..v.I.>ft field. ;..:». -..M'>sktmaa
Vyne;. i: i-.^...'.....i-^nter flcl«i-'---i-.--I>rennajn
Ijujrbrs- ;....'..... :yilrlii; nridci. •;.,¦- i.Dutilefcyy
' The l*aciflc H.Crety •t".jropatty\;:.J>oadsmen
for I5aterr.an -.nrr>s,. • c(>ntn<ctnr? : for. X he
Hall of Justify and. Morpu> x /'biiildiajrs-,-
Beat n eotnraufJi-aJtion; t« the JJxjard Of fy
porvijsers yosiortTAy.: o^trtally.. notifyiiip
the board that,- th«" work of the contract^
had beeft; rampVetc& add : : making a.
aeraand 'or a&'.fnuncdiate Eettfomect : ' ¦"¦
The CommiiTee on, iJuiWir.Ki; to whoni
thr- corrmini.M.-ioM » -it* r. f.rr.Hl: held: hn
informal. rnee.tln*. la tire- afternoon and'in
struct etl ihe 'architect ;.io make his feni
r.part «m- th«vl!>ii ct ;-Ju5ilce..;a5-<miGkiv
as nosdhle. Tfc«\.ov'r.:!a!tiee. '•will..KoiU ; a
rrpular roe^tir.jg; 00 m sj Weiiji^day.- *B»
ihat tirat> it !? cSrpwtwI il>r.t .the archi- :
t«-!> re}*ort w.iil -he niady. -ana the eojh- :
mtttee «iU rr»»baUy: fcakeiti reiiorv W
l&e bi.ird, rcco.nxni«c4sig thai: sett lenient
be jmade.: • ..•.:•• ":;. ;.v -".-•¦: ¦¦::¦¦¦¦ = :¦¦
Supervisors 05:cialJy Notified -by
Bondsmen Tbat the Ne\r : Bqild* ; ••-.-
Ins Has Been <Jorapli5ted.:^\ L* : ;
CITY HALL BUILDERS V: ;:?
DEMAND SETTLEMENT
. How' to h>a4 off :!l}iet Sacram.cn ta base?; j
ball team in il^ race jfor the c-hai.np;i:onshlp;|
is the problem -engigirtg the. attenttoii oft
rlie managers: of tne-Stocktori. ; Oakland: .j
and Sali Francisco; -ntees-. i.Tftie -Capital i
City team seems almost ; invincible, '• at j
lea^t that is the ca^e ; , when Uhe .gfedt.
Hushes pitches. Aside. from. th« remark*:
able twirling »f: ibe'ichamplpn-' the leanj
.itself ploys baseball; of .^ line order,; Fevr
errors mark the last i column. In.'. the score
ori the:! Sacramento Jside arid tjje
work of Manager Eiennle's tn.en isusuaiUy
of the ptrongest-kiricl.- ; . '-'¦'.'¦ir. •* ' ; -
The lead of this' team over- Stockton
jumped In H week from dose- to- 100 per
cent to 13t5 "por cent and.. unless "; some
thing is done iquiekhy by the other clubs
there will, be iVo qiiestlbn as to the oyt
com« of the race n<i>r. will it be exciting,
Harper. EwtnR and Harris are.
in u. quindary, as to what to'do. Manager.
Harris needs a stroiie nerve tonic fevr hi;3 ¦
team and the appticmtlon should bo .im>' : .;
mediate.. Manager. Ewiug'a lot are not
much the stupcrior.of Uncle.Ufury's^ the
teams dividing into ; two .palrs-iSacra
mento and Stockton,- Oakland;;/ and San
Francisco.-.: . ¦ '•" :.;- ¦'• . "-'-'. ¦''¦ •¦. '¦'¦' '¦¦•
Having succeeded :in- winning two-:out ;
of the last four parhe;s playx?d the locajl
ball>t6$8era tovo bekuiji to fed- that they,
arc not yet -out «»jf itho pfflf, :'- This
acbievemt-nt has made; l T ncle • Henry's
j«tep lighter than' If- hajs been for; som« ¦]
time and he now Jldnks that he is in n. ¦:
fair way tagct his itum into good playlni
shape. * He .<ces a ptosnect an>nd t>{ get
ting the kind Of taltmt he has been after?'-
He declares, lie wilt nbt be: salisiled "On-.
tf1 he lias a -toam-t-hftt its capable of over- -i
taking- 1 he : leaders-' and according : to-- hla j
wav -if; thinking that i? not sueh a.;remot;<»:
ippssiWilfv. : . the- .Sacr^hnenlfvs
nre makinpr hay wml^- the. sun unities,.
Not . with winning thiin
their -tihiirfe of (fa tpes. they sure working
Hnphe? -n'si! thouph.-; they': were. Waving?:, a -
hard iitnfi kcepiriK --In- -the: Thee.- Last
Wednesday they i>layed : the .Stocktons,:
and as they have a-Baod. lead It was supv
'poved they- would nut . Doyle in -the Awx
and kc<«n Huphes in xeserve.'but they took-'
n<> 'chances, and th'eVeS*- National Leaguer'
did- 0^P twirling. As a:con?e.CiUeriC : e. the:y
havo/ihcreascillheir- lejrd by a.- jump: IhaJt;
puts them -several. .points ahead <vf their:
Stockton rivnls. ' >:the following: ta^fe
-s=hows the records -of: the teairis to'datez.i
kads All Others, in the Baseball
League by a Big Margin— Uncle's
]. ';_¦; ¦:! : : Men : iastM Hopeful.
gMplfpAM: • :
a ¦ i PROVfef HI M§
' :Rec;O.rat$dn. .dhy:.v>vaS: an^-jd^l aiS;t for
yiacht ifacirig.'! a : nd-the::aiuiu9(l ; regu.tgas of
the Corinthian and California; Yacht clubs
passed i oft with:ou;t a mishap; i There was
a good; etilt Tbreeze;. during .the whole lime,
and as two-thirds; of i the .iCorinthJan- race
took place on 'a; flood Hide; there wasybut
little sea. Nineteen, yachts,^divided;, ac
'cordihs-. to their:. racing length . inta six
classes, completed tbje course. Of these
\V.- il.iToepke's slocp^HaTpodn made: the
best time— 2 hours 11 vrhhiutes 31 ! seconds
actpal Isailing time, ¦} R, DOnoboe's Speed
well wia9 :: peo3n'd, taking -t -minutes' aii-d 16
s econds.lbngpr. ; Iritho : ;30rfoot : class Jjiiima
beat Edna 1 minute 4? seconds corrected
time. <The 30-foQt class produced, as is
always the ca^e at Corinthian regattas,
the most interesting- racing- of the--->rtay.
CarlWcsterfeld arid R. H: Morrowls gloop
Aeylus beat her old : ahiagonist, J. yf,
Pe\s's Truant. :bv thp amplo margin of
13 minutes 19 secands.i. Both. were, beaten
by ¦ Frjank Stone's Presto, which made
h«arlyi iiine minutes better time than the
Aeolus, though- the latter received an al
lowance from Pr>?tp: Ijith« i special; elaaa
for yniwls the Spray beat the.Nereki, and
W S. KJrover's Arcturus was disqualified
for crossine the lihis-hing Hne with; the
stakebpat oi\ the. starboard hand. = All the
yachts in th^ 25rfoot class, including: Com-
Vnod6ri> : H. D. Hawks' siobp May, were
disqualified for the same reason. May
made the best actual timeV2 hours 19 mln
trtcal-0V<Sr the ceiursc; : but. On- time allow-?
ahce Metope's -time was -2 hours lti 'min
utesi 40 sejeonds... In the 20-foot class Stella
topk ilrst Hag. the little. ;ya\d Ivi.ttlwake
beinfr SdipquaUfled forJ; fouling the stake
boat at the nnjbsb.;' . "• ¦; • '¦'¦'. : . -^ ,
The only starters in the California Vacht
Club's- Seventh .annual class flag, regntta
were in the 36vfoot class^.the contestants
fu whii-h were .the Jessie : K, Gypsie,
Thelrna.' Pacttilus, Aloha. Secret. and Em
1 bla- :The- sloops Aloha: wa,spntered : in. the
j -class: hbqve <.the -M-footersV.. but' sailed
I with 'the '36-fooier*,.her.racinK'length -be
: ing- t;iki>n as'.«--.\a'ctly: : "'>-' : fe.^. The first
I p)ace was won, by T;- Carrier's Jess.ie L,
! whlch^ was., with, the- exception of: the
i slocfp 'Secret, the: sinallest craft in" the
[Class. ha\-inK : a racing: Jiengrth 6f 31-37Sfeet.
Th?- start was '.by the firepfa single gun.
'and the -time .of- all-, '-the? Competing .".craft
i was rtckoned from 2:30 p; .Th: As It. was
j hiph- water • ntvl:5ll p....m.v the whole : raco
I wasofi.an ebb title.; The. Jessie E sh6wed
her- sbperiorUy from if he',- -'first. : pointing
hjfthrr! -than ¦ her :; rivals «nd outfooting
I them as .\\'ell. ; H«r. elapsed: tlm& for.- the
j course. -, reckoned asIiieB nautical nulcs,
was 1 hour. 45 minutes, and .50 seconds, and
her eoriroetod : time 1 - hour <1 : minutes 35
s.c^opd^CTheAisecorid flag. was won by.. the;
sloop iGypsie-.- with a-, .corrected tiine-of 1
hour5JmIn.ut.es ; a a<j -fy seconds. '..'' :
.The-lSiih Frandscos have a dance to?
night !in. ; thei clubhouse, at Sausallto. but
no ;evenf:is : set -down- for- to-morrow; -Next
Sat-urcJaV:- th'©'. fleet; erijises .to. Vallejo aind
oil 'thi- -following -da'v.' will: t*-ce ;doVrn ' tq
SaiisaUfo.. each boat yeceivliijT a time 3l
lowan^e; : base4- on: "mean ilchgth'.." .• The
Corint-hfans. ' Enclnals and.. CalifsrnlaS
i have isothing en their prograTOmes tor.'to
f dayVpft to-morrow.'. The- South Bay yachts
i cruised t*>"ilowrv-s->ntranee' jirt-d return to
! their, hinorings tordaj-;* The. Oakland Ca«
noe Ciub. will receive; visJUriff yachtsmen
at ¦'hp: clubhouse :to-<Jay area to-morrow
jwilifseort thejni «s far as the mouth: of
1 the 'esiuary. ' : .-.-... '.'--'•' : "•:... ."'¦-••'..¦
Oakland -Canoe Club to Entertain Vis
iting Yachtsmen at Its Quarters
On Sessions Basin.
TARf WII|MNpE r nr
AT OLD SAUSALITO
A meeting of the directors of the Cali
fornia -Cricket ' Association was held
last. Monday in ..trie office of Vice
President R. B. Hogue, the chair being
taken by Captain J. J.The pen- j
nant given -by Edward Brown; ..president
of the association* to'the local 'club win
ning the higheat percentage of matches
during the season of 1S99 was presented
by. Vice President; K. B. Hogue toE. G.
Slonian as representative, of the Califor
nia Cricket Club.) K. G. • Sloma.n made
a suitable and humaro^us rpply. ;
At the same meeting; a letter from the
Lakeport Cricket Club was read; acknowl
edging the.receipt of the communication
from, the' association and premising to
stay 'in. the- association during 1900, • pro
vided a : team of. city cricket era will visit
Lake County. and will play two matches—
one aKainst the stakepprt Cricket Club
and the other again?* Lake County— at
Lakeport. As the Lake Countj-criclteters
do not' plav on Sundays, it is probable
that some legal holiday ;will : ;be selected
for the : trip-' -..¦¦¦•:• " v- -: • ' : ' '
A young Lakeport cricketer. Ji. S. Rose,
has recently lost his- right, jsirm close up
to the : shoulder through, an -.accident in
a sawmill; = lie was • a fast rlplt-arm
bowler, a good bat. and a fine fielder, and
only. 23 :ye«rs of age,: the • Placer
County.;: cricketers visited Lakeport in
1898 .Rose ~ proved A : mbst : .destructive,
bowler;;' His enfdrced . retirement \ from
the cricket. fi?l4 is. a : great , loss to the,
game in Lake County.;. •'. ; ; •¦ . ¦:
No local ; match is scheduled for; tp-mor-.
row. -at Alarfteda; Jti: the first series - or
•three, matches :between the three local
clubs the srore stands a$ follows; Ala
rneda has :won: two • games; ' California
has ; wdh one -and. lost' one;.; -the- j-'Paclfics.
have, lost tivq. '.i ¦'¦' '¦' " ". : -' . ;: -. f*
OriDiecoratiori .dav.ji match, was played
at Sacramento between the.:Placer-..Coun
ty and .Sacirarqento- Cricket club's,;. : the lat
ter -.tieing beaten by.a score or: 149 to S3,
For Placer.. County the scores . were as
follows: ¦ II. F. Elliott; 4S: II. . G. Macart
ney, 0; H. R. Blllott. 47r F.-. E. iPafcenham.
0; C. R, Warfett, 29;vR. Marsh-Browne,
: "l: F, Biidgetr; 23; ,R; H: Owen, .6; A. J.
Chme.Vj:: JR.. So ; uter r .O/ a^id SI. VG. Camp
bell t \V^lker, -3. not out. For ;Sacramento
the : scores- were -ai -follows: :E. - D. : Sev
ers, 6; : G; V. ;• Green, 0 ; . O. T- :'Par4»e. 50;
C. B: JUll.:5.;i E.-J. Rees;.li»;Fi: Shields.
3; L. \V, Robjtaille; ,Qr T; K. fiarkworth,
15 e; Rv Miel. 1: AV.-.Lbnsbot.tom, 6; , H.
Gortoni' ndt : 'r puti' -.()<• ¦'.:. The • bowlers for.
Placer • County . n-er.e ': the /Elliott broth
ers • and iMaearJney, the- • last/ named
takfng glx -wickets, For .SacrainentceC.
B. Hill; Ei. D. Sey^rsi, L. W. Robitaille
and :e.--J: : Reies: bowled. • '¦''¦ ¦.'¦''-• '
The Burns Valley. Cricket Club ;of Lake
: County : has ijoined . the '.Calif brnla; Cricket
Association; for-, the '.present' .season,'' '.
J. P. Nornian fia» had the;miafortune;to
lose --by death his imported EnRlish mas
tiff pagfbnet Mohtez, \ by : General Wpls
ele>vLady Serene. .The cause; cf death
was- di.s-teniper, 1 Complicated, i by Tjrain
feverv :;:.:' v '... ;: ' '-:-, •/ : ;:>'-:-' ' .- ->. '• \.
A me^tinK of delegates .frnm the vari
ous specialty rlubs will be heM on Mon
day next to -consider what assistance can
be rendered the: clubs holding:- shows : in
the fall-iat.Tanforan, Oakland and Sacra
mento. :. ''. t . : ;¦.•:{'•;/;; ' ; ¦/-.'''. ¦¦ '
:,. ;¦• -i - — ;:¦<•'» — r> .-. :. i'- :: ¦ ¦
AMONG THE CRICKETERS.
alive all the;, jpoar-found instead of, having
merely a sporadic outbreak in the spring,
ass at present.: •• • ».'-!:.{•.'• V "' ¦' ' ' '' •'•¦: " r
The entries for the .Pacific : Fox-ierrier
Club's Produce stakes .for = 1901- are; &s.f ot-
Iqws; X:..H: Hickman* i?. Warren Supple.iby,
CIau4ian-\Varren Success ; N: II.; Hick-:
man's " Idalia. I : by .: ytgilarit-Elmwbbd
Grace; H. G: liemelrieht'aiShadysWe TU)
pet, by : rvolpniouSHBlt of Fortune; H. a},
ilemelrtgh.fs. Warren. Tattle-/ : try Cham
pion 'Warren Safeguard- Warren.'Tongs.;J.
B; Martin's:. GoHlen gunshin*. : by;:; Cham
pion Veracity-Champion ;Goldon : . Jewel.
The second division.of these stakes prom
ises. to he as successful asithe.ltrst, which
Was decided at it he recent show. . •
THE commitfirp from 'th© /Interstate
Oounnnir Olsib bavins: in charge
the- laics' Day ¦ Champion stake
lobe run at I'mon PafJc on the
17th. inst. lias announced the man
ner in which the money will be
divided. The winner will rorctve
J300. runnm-r-up &Xn). next two J1W each
and the winner of ona course $.'•<>. Tne
park ttsan.-i£envnl adds $500. The slake
if limitt <1 to Hxteen'dogs. The entry will
include th<> fastest grtyhmjr.ds on the
coast. For Frr.-dom will l.*> Ktart«sl aguin
and will meet l'aJo Alto. tlu- young «iant
from th<* ketinHs of Etijwne deary; Luxor:
and Beacon of- the Curtis kennels; Judge
P J. lteillys Warshiivand other rccog-
Hired etarsof U»«> coming fioJd. Mulcaj
,,.- w i!l prepare tho Pasha kvncels! rep
resentative for. "the (pectins.
The cards for this wetfc at both-coursing
parks are attractive ones. One.; hundred
ft^.l four greyhound* arp **nt«rre|J at Union
\ 1'ark in an open sstake.; ¦ The cftrd is well
J liaianccd end elioulu j proride exciting
Fpr.rt from nm to. U'-jrt. Coursing, will
commence to-day upon ; iho arrival of tha
vi o'clock -train.; ..;; ' :-. -
Ing!eFid6 parlc presents a special 6take
of cSclit »lor;s ax.d a pruraisins open, stake.
The latter will be run down once to -day
oommenctok at 12 ..dock 1 h^ remaining
rounds ni\<i .all- the special stake wih. t>e
decided -to-morrow. '^"¦ ? :
The friends of Captain Cane are <*on
cratulaUnK him on po»enl&8 the grcy
liound ltos«> of Br!n. which was imported.
recently by J. il. itussrier. She waa tried
with Greestuill s««rne Cays since and led
him four lenrths. This was her Jlrst trial,
but she displayed all the jrooii <jaaiitles a
chasnptori greyhound .should possess.
Judfre V. J. Itrtlly has purchased a b*. .
Clair-<;ilda puppy from Ku.s^ell. Allen <t.
Wilson. She is pronounced the most prom
ising of aM th« dog-? brought out receiiily
from the East by this Ilrra. ¦ M-:*.-:-'
It. K. Malcom'M pr.-al Knphsh dop Rjtf>
1'ire had an encounter with \ an Knapp
BomlTttaya elnce which will retard his ap
i>oarano<"> in the coursing field. He was
badly mutilated, it. being nocossary to
tUn' i\in?n sriilchcs in hla wounds. The
J;*;ury to"th«» d"j?r *s a.d!^appt*lntment.r;V,
bit owiirr. as it was expected he would:]
be Qt t-- start In the Indies' Day Chaw--
Dion stake. ¦ ¦ : : ¦ :'¦
Richardson Tros.. *\.ho have imported
;' number <>f Bnelf&h <i»ps. have another
< n rcmte nrslcta ta expected "to be a clover
literformer. He will be'.ta£Lndled by DayiU
u'inders. "'- : • •• •"¦" : :
T .1 Cronin has bred Maid: vf Ball to
]><;<-,:id On il<»: Hose of Tfalee to tJold
Hill, and HeM Trvsjnp to Wild Tralee.. ,;=
Another notable addition is .to. be. mide^
to the ] ! :i}-ha Kennel'* breeding *stabliwh»
n-.«nt. The Latest a« % Qu'r?~ion. now on ;hls
«ay jrom Bngtaad, Is the dos <J lancer, by
VounK FuUrrt.ir.-Clanatkia., the, latter the'
<'.;i!7i >i" <";aw:<>rd lira'?. Olaiircr is pto-'
Bounced one of thi» :'a<ieFt dygs in Lnp*
!:n!i!. •'«- h;*.-; won five and divided
others. He is rive year* old and will; be
i:s<'<5 BOleb' in »Jie 5tud.' : • • . . ' i - '
G. W. lUintz is daily expecting; an addf
tlon t>> his stririr. The new.jilps Ift' a
brother to Hersche-Ts'- I'rlde/fwhich' -ha*.
done t^o well here. : ; : - -. ,:./- : ' ¦'•-
Firm Fr-itnd baa hren mated' with. Mr.'
f\*hitesld<>*« Wil<lf1(<wer. ¦" '--'-. - : : ' : ' '
Emin Pasha, quite the vopye just now
us a *ire, Iihs been mated with Frank
Moran'a Lizzie l'tciU'- i{\- : .;- ¦• ; ¦; I
J. PerryJa :Con)asaie has bjen. bred:-to
Acneid Krnnel'n l*ret*>r,jlor. :'i-. ¦_¦ • ¦' '
U.' Wafcsn'a llarv Jan*- hn««. :been bred
to J. McCaffrey's F1>in5 Faster. '¦ ' ¦"
Mr. Hohblnger's Mystic has been breil
ta the imported tiogr My-; Selection. The.
latter lir.s rot <lr»ne well in competition'..
ilie cJIin**.e havins hlm'-ln its clutch. . : ¦>.
J. J. Krr.rirv. ,-i new man in courKlnjj iti
this district; has purchased the' dog Hot
Haste from J. H. Harrison for 53;W. H.ot
Haste has Bhovn flashes of hisrh class
f<irni and fhould fill <iut the 'promise lie
made whn he Xlrpt ai'peared in .Competi
tion hm». -.. ; ; ' V
Joseph "Pipnan. secretary .of- the St^
lrfiuis CottrFlrff Chib.lt in this city with
the Nat Goodwin Company. He Was the
Fu«»5t of llhB lnple?ide : Park offlcials on
tecoraxlon tiay. ¦ ¦'¦''¦ ¦ :•.-¦; • ; "•:
•"Tommy" Tiorncy. ci'.e of th^- field offl
ri.^ls at [Qidedde I'nrk. ha.« a.Jen-months
old puppv by Sir Hupo-Famoiis wiilch he
;h!nV* win cut quite a figure !n cottrslng'
some day, Sfr -lfu»?o Js a brother to St.
l^awrcnr*. while the blood Unes on the
dam's Bide ore also coosj. • ¦ [¦:;• : :
J. Dtckson has changed the n.ime. of
his prvyhnund Klark lVcss to Lady Bess,
the former name havirs been prcviousiv
refri8tere.t: ,
Gaffncy .£• Hcrkins have a litter of pup
pi, s by False Flatterer out nf Mona. .:
KeUla Cor.roy. at oiie time a noted per
former, has a litter "of six puf>ples by
Kmin Pasha. ¦' : :"T : ' . : :' : - :¦'
Beneld j\ennel-«" Trinket has w!.wlpM a
litter of rkht puppies to the ?amo owner's
Pretend* r; •• ;
Ford &i Puflfv's Violft hftsia little of
peven puppies by Janus Deiiri'* Moon
dynr. • ¦• '¦'¦ : .•:¦.'¦ : ¦;¦:¦-
M:>hor ,t Rcld'i Reniria Maid, the dam
of Had n«iy, Dbdc Fuller and I others, has
whelpod 8 1 i 1 1 1 r ol elerefl puppies to 1're
tender. ; -."¦
J. l'irkson's-"" -HIchijind : Jvjssle haJ*
¦«• helped nne puppy. in.',;P. noilly's Blaster
Mat. ¦ :¦¦¦ .:-;: .-':.- ¦.;-. '.'• ' ;:¦ .-•
JelT M^-trnef* UcrnfiJ Boy has rea?rd
to be h Urtor <n eourttfig. an electric .t-ar
hM\'!np ended bis carper some -days sine*
while he w»? brtns'-trained tii\ the road-
English Crock and Local D 9£
Will Compete in Lndics* Day
Champion i?takc i ';':_;
Imported Greyhound Will
Course Again* -
FOR FREEDOM TO
MEET THE FAST
DOG PALO ALTO
THE S^VX FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 2, 1900.
4
SPORTS
PLJ.-.BS. : j
r :j: 1-lft-J
SiH
"I -SI -iJ fS
.<:
..I.S. 14^ 22 !
.. • .ei J» 1 u
COMPETITORS.
cries s s. c 3. 3
= • 1 3 & 3 : ay :.
* r : j?-: ?¦:¦ :
• : ¦ atfs&'ri: ¦
- I
P
»
3
T3
?
C. F. Mulllns
J. AV. Byrne......
S. L. Abbot Jr....
Leo Chenery.
Hugh Tevis.. ......
Charles Page.......
H. Blackman
Major Gallagher...
A. 0. Bingham
\V. Ames
I* O KellOKy r
P. 'McG. Me Bean. •
49 i 54 54 53 |210
50 « « 52 2*0
50 £0 51 50 pi
59 55 55 52 [221
57 54 50 £8 (227
56 »0 5S ! 5Z [XM
62 57' ' 53 j 58 !23>>
59 55 59 52 I 225
53 a 62 62 j 237
57 5$ 62 64 ,242
S3 «2 . S3 54 f232
• 60 70 63 61 |254 I
j!7- :
10 !
' 4
24
24
1«
24
18
30
M
I 24
'! i«s
190
197
131
t 2C3
tM
2-56
2<»
Z17
213
220
1 230
COMPETITORS.
cries s s. c 3. 3
= • 1 3 & 3 : ay :.
* r : j?-: ?¦:¦ :
• : ¦ atfs&'ri: ¦
- I
P
»
3
T3
?
C. F. Mulllns
J. AV. Byrne......
S. L. Abbot Jr....
Leo Chenery.
Hugh Tevis.. ......
Charles Page.......
H. Blackman
Major Gallagher...
A. 0. Bingham
\V. Ames
I* O KellOKy r
P. 'McG. Me Bean. •
49 i 54 54 53 |210
50 « « 52 2*0
50 £0 51 50 pi
59 55 55 52 [221
57 54 50 £8 (227
56 »0 5S ! 5Z [XM
62 57' ' 53 j 58 !23>>
59 55 59 52 I 225
53 a 62 62 j 237
57 5$ 62 64 ,242
S3 «2 . S3 54 f232
• 60 70 63 61 |254 I
j!7- :
10 !
' 4
24
24
1«
24
18
30
M
I 24
'! i«s
190
197
131
t 2C3
tM
2-56
2<»
Z17
213
220
1 230
PLJ.-.BS. : j
r :j: 1-lft-J
SiH
"I -SI -iJ fS
.<:
..I.S. 14^ 22 !
.. • .ei J» 1 u
V
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY
HOME FOR ALL,
How any man Eiay quickly cure hi— swlf s.rr.T
years of suffering from «cxual weakjrss. Ir.st
Tltality. night lasses, varicocele. eti.r»Tia *»«
larse unall weak organs to full else s.:-- «!£&&.
;. 1^ w.KSAPP. M.r>.
Blmply send yoar name and address to Er. I*
W. Knapp. 16S3 Hull bids.. Detroit. VE*3£ « nl
hi will j'.adly send the f re« receipt •ttS taO
directions so that any Bin may easHy cur-*
blnuel! at home. Tills Is certainly, a m^st sen-
eivus offer : aad the follotring extracts taKea
from feis dally cail sluw wlut rnca tiia* «f
his ceneroslty:
." "Dear Sir:— Please aecejt my sincet* thank*
for yours of recent • date. I itia-re given yoar
treatment a thoroush test and the benefit ba3
fce«n extraoTdiaary. It has completely braced
me up. I am Jsst a* rircroaa as when m bo/
and yoa trannot realize fcbw happy I anv"
•*I>ear Sir: — Your irrethod worked beaatlfally.
Results .were exactly 'irfeat I needed. StreafftJ
and vltor hare ccmrletely retartted aSd <=*
larr«n;ent U entirely satisfactory." '
.. . "Dear Sir:— Tours wa* received and I t3J no
trouble Ir ntakinit \we of the rt-ce'.pt aa direct*!
and can truthfuUy • say u s« a boon ta wea*
men. lain sreatly Unrrot«d laslae. strength
and Tti<sr.** . : - ¦ . . . . ..
All corrMponiJen^e ¦ ll strictly ; foaideaJUl,
raail*d la claln swled eaT#loi«f. The rtctiot i*
. fr*t for Use a*klnff and h» wants every m*a w
tave a. . - •;- , .... ...-¦•
ADVlliiTISKIWF.NTS.BROOKS STREET CLOSED
BY HIGH BOARD FENCE
Habeas Corpus "Writs T>enied.
The Supreme Court has refused the ap
plication of Joseph Teshara for a writ of
habeas corpus. Teshara was arrested for
killing Garrett D. Loucks in Santa Crua
County, held by a Justice of the Peace for
murder, and committed to the custody of
the Sheriff without bail. His attorney in
applying for the writ made the conten
tion that there was no evidence to'con
nect the accused with the killing of
Loucks. and submitted all of the testi
mony taken at the prelimlnaray examina
tion. A writ was also denied In the ha
beas corpus case of James D. Prather of
Sacramento, who was committed for per
jury in falsely testifying as to the deliv
ery of a lot of grain to his brother.
plans had been made. We Invite an in
junction restraining us from blockading
the alley, so that 'the matter may be
brought into the courts at once."
The bunding proposed by Moore will ibe
erected on Market, Grant avenue and
Geary streets, and will contain one of the
finest theaters In the world. An arcade
covered by glass will extend through the
property, and may cover the site of
Brooks street.
There' was another reason for the clos
ing of the alley talked of on the. street
last evening, and one involving the appli
cation of the new "side entrance" ordi
nance. It was suggested that If the street
should be closed and become private nroD
erty there would be a quesUon in recard
to the rights of the police to close any en
trance, r 'slde" or otherwise, that opened
on to It. The ordinance does not deal so
much with entrances as it does with
places, however, and it is not believed
that the character of the property uoon
which the entrance opens will serve to
evade the law. Besides, the question of
side entrances is not one involving a legal
question so much as a license. The Police
Commissioners under the ordinance have
power to Issue or refuse or revoke a
license independent of the character of the
property upon which any of the entrances
pf the saloon may open. J\ is asserted
however, that the point may be raised In
the cases of those side entrances that or>en
Into the old alley. K
Block Where Alley Has Been Blocks dsd.
BROOKS street, which has served
for years as a passageA-ay for pe
destrians between Geary and Mar-
ket streets, through the triangular
shaped block formerly known as the
Blytne block, extending down to Kearny
street, was closed to the public yesterday
afternootK. A high board fence was con
structed near the Geary-street entrance
to the alleyway, and watchmen were sta
tioned on the premises to prevent Us de
struction.
The obstruction was erected under In
structions , from A. A, Moore, tho attor
ney for Mrs. Florence Blythe-Moore, who
owns most of the property on the block,
Including- Brooks street. The attorney
maintains that the alley Is private prop
erty, and as Mrs. Blythe-Moore expects
to Improve the property In the near fu
ture, she wishes to settle all disputes that
may arise amicably before any plans are
laid. On the fence Is posted a decree of
court entered and filed March 31, 1SS2, In a
suit brought against the Blythe estate,
declaring that the strip of land was
owned by the estate, ana not by the pub
lic. It has since been blockaded by posts,
and maintained by the estate for the use.
of tenants occupying adjacent bulldlngrs.
The objection to the obstruction will
probably be raised by the Sawyer estate,
owning a twenty-foot frontage on Geary
street, not adjacent to the alley, but with
a rear connection to it. Attorney Moore
maintains that at the time Blythe deed
ed this property to Sawyer Brooks street
was ten feet wider than It Is to-da.y, and
that the rear connection Involved was but
twenty feet In length. In order to Becurb
an exit on the alley, after the latter had
been reduced In width. Sawyer extended
his prant ten feet, which the Blythe es
tate now claims he had no right to do.
"The object In erecting this fence," said
Attorney Moore, "Is not for the purpose
of Infringing upon public or even private
rights, but simply to determine our rights
on the premises by civil suit. We expect'
to commence the construction of one of
the best bulldlngapn the coast within .two
or three years, ana we would not want to
become tangled up In lawsuits and have
our property remain untenanted after our
Six f urlonss— Plllardist, won,- Adalgo second,
Playfun third.- Time,; 1:19. ••.:..:• ¦.
• Steeplechase., rnlle ar-.<5 three-quarters—Xtn
ney won. . Arezzo . 5econd. Arauebus • • third.
Time. 3:33. -' .;'¦ "' '-? ¦. 1 '¦'=•'.¦' ' ' '•
Five furlonps— Brorao. *-pn, Zoroaster second,
third.; Time. lc<mi- , •••-.•• ..:.' ¦• : -\.-' • u 1 ..
One rrA\<^-.B<£\ Pun^Ti won, Eln second, AJfrftfl
Tercrave ttt« • T;hjei : 1:«. ;•;•.:: ¦'¦'-,. .. ¦¦¦•'¦¦
Fi%-« furtotips^Cav^irro won, Gopd I^UcIt 4eC
bad, Key SaJazax thlriJ. .">'o tlrrie.>: .. " . ', ¦ ¦.: '¦;'.
COLORADO C6U June Lt
.RcjsuUh:. y' : \y~ -.; .3' :¦":'¦' ?'¦; C-*'-."'i u ¦"£'¦!? i
: Seven lurtbn*«r- If «?io^r, Von.! ¦silckie! second,'
PHot tfi'-rd.-: Tiiiie, ' l:33^£i ... .MlsS;Jte<twobd...fla
jsh^ij ¦ firrt. tat : -a-as :,.c(inii'.alifl«<l, : .:. ¦' : •¦¦¦
Three fufV&nca— 1>&: : Fcnt«?ra ¦ wtJn.-'. Sadie ,il
• : «eoond. .TVay Behind t.hrnJ.. : Tlrcie.: :3CU- .".''•¦.
Chi« mile. : ii'a.elne— >V*nlf red P.tritton won .to
tn-9 . ptralcht heats. BeLva A.. H?len. M»r and
RS II jUso. started. V-«Tlnw. : . 2:36H; -.2:33. ; : - • •* '
¦Hurdle. s!X' furlones^Jpe D»Il wsn. : Zaradia.
p^end. GJorlina Ii-tfttrff.; TlrRe ( /1;25H ; •¦¦ •-¦• : 
: • Fir? furloriffs— RQ-'^m ¦Wori.'-Xpi'slpri eeconfli"'
B&rteriaeT iWrd. ' T1t*vK 1 :04. : " :¦'•:¦¦ ¦' ¦"¦' '¦ ¦'•¦ •' '¦'-¦ *
t\ -Six forlocef— Cousin .Lotty won.-:Joe Hart seoi
ond. Crpk*r third, Tinie. :!:!». ,V SWj; ;. ' - . ¦.:. ; • j ; ;
PC>B.TIiAlTI>'S FTJLIiY J/WINS;
: LOKDON/Jtrne l:-^he EMJ^e^of
rHiid/s bayifilly La:^£he. .b;pSti SJitfoij^
.^JlF3 AIlldred;.tr«r. t^e-OaksiStskps.; 6t.A3Xl;
JrWvexejsjns,-: pit.' KpsQm;.' : to-day ; .'; ; v ;iMerr^=. QsiJ
Avas Fc-can3 aiiA L^dy Sqhomfe§rgr,~ rJcSUeh
by..To<j Sloan. jAv.as iWr^.- Fpur.teiHi': h6r's.e$ ;
¦ran,'.: ¦'. ¦-.:>¦ ;••%".• ; -;"k.v:-- "•: '..'t!-*-"?'. 1 "!';' \&'- =i~
-The .inclejneht *"eathjer and' tfec : absfenfSfi:
of many nartaisUitieg-at the-tv'ar. £Keprlv<«d:
•th-e -• Ua.kfi ..ley .sji-t Ej3^K>rri. of- much .of.lis-
T?ua! brill Jric'rv;" Th'i? Prince .'pf;.AV-al«fs.;arid'
th^.prf-mintfhi-.rpOplfir'preseat.iVi'"':':- '. '¦¦. ',?¦
T<id- SJoah'.. •opfr.eav" the prbjefrarnrnii'-fcy
v.-intilns tJK«" WaJiojJ'v plate,; ; . of.'. : Or csoy- : .
>re:cri3. o^J.,33. Plant's! bayJcislt P1?l1uc1cs^
by. gt. Simim'put -off I^glyyand 'Li '¦iteifL.
won the Mirkleharri plate-; •.: bl'M.021 ' fop;.
rreifrris, on : 3R3char3 rdrokpr's-'browh 'iillty
fenrciatha, by I Jts- Hishriiess ilasgfe MiteW-'
ell. :i - s,.- ¦;¦¦."''¦¦ >•¦¦!'.!* ¦:':¦-.' -' : :''-;-^.
. Lad>% Schornbcrjr T«d: until- a, <mar.fcef af.
ji mllft frowi hom«!,'.irhen lA :^<Dcfte drew;
cut "with a clear command and. jronirivhoT^
low . faphfdn ; by. three lerrprths,.- liidi'
Schombprg- was- a bid' "thirds .The'bet;ting; :
was: ha. ttnehs arid M<'rry G4i, lQQ to 7»
Lafly-Rchornb^rK. 3tb : l agalrfst.* .. ¦-• !-'-2 . ; ;
¦The Acori etakps;TV(?rc .v&nipj School*.
bock, "filly, riddoivbjvSJoan. •• .-',• ••¦ . ¦• • .;-
PHUXIES LOSE A GAME.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS,
Clubs- W. L. Pet. I Clubs- \T. L. Pet.
Philadelphia 22 11 .6C6;ChlcagO IS 1. .514
Brooklyn ..20 11 .883 Boston 12 18 .400
PltSburg 20 17 .540 New York... 12 20 .375
fi? uSulf::.: 17 15 .SSO, Cincinnati.. .12 21 .330
BOSTON, Jun« 1.— In the fifth innlnsr of to
day's same with Cincinnati Long was put out
at second but Umpire Kmolie failed to see the
Play. Boston then batted In six runs and won
the gam*-. Collins caught several difficult foul
Hies. Attendance 1200. Score:
Clubs- • R- H- E.
Boston S 2 i
Cincinnati 2 6 J
Batteries— Cuppy and Sullivan; Newton and
Kahoe. Umpire— Emslie.
PHILADELPHIA, June 1— Pitcher Garvin
•was in Rood form to-day and kept the Phlladel
phlas down to five Bcattered hits. Maul went
to piecrs in the third Inning, allowing the visit
ors to bat out four singles and a double, which
netted them four runs, Attendance 2900. Score:
Clubs- 1 . R- H. E.
Chicago • I ? ?
Philadelphia 2 o 4
Batteries— Garvin and Donahue; Maul and
McFarland. Umpire— O'Day.
BROOKLYN. June 1.— The Brooklyns played
good ball to-day and beat St. Louis easily.
Wallace, who was injured in Wednesday's
frame, left for home to-night. Attendance 1500.
Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Brooklyn 8 10 0
St. Louis 3 8 1
Uatterles— Kennedy and Farrell; Youne and
Robinson. Umpire — Hurst. •
NEW YORK. June 1.— The New Yorks made
five runs oft Chesbro' s pitching In the first two
Innings. He was then relieved by Waddell. but
the chance was made too late. Seymour al
lowed few- hits, but was wild. Attendance 1000.
Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
New York ....6 7 2
Pittsburg 4 6 3
Batteries — Seymour and 'Warner; Chesbro
and Waddell. Connor and Zlmmer. Umpire —
Swurtv/ood.
American Association Games.
KANSAS CITY. June 1.— Kansas City 5, In
dianapolis 12.
MILWAUKEE, June 1.— Milwaukee 2, Cleve-
CHICAGO. June I.— Chicago 6, Buffalo 3..
MINNEAPOLIS. June 1.— Minneapolis 8, De
troit 1. ' : . «
HAWTHORNE RAIDED.
Judge Upholds the Ordinance Di
rected Against Liquor-Selling.
CHICAGO, June 1.— The police of Oak
Park raided tho Hawthorne race track to
day and confiscated all the cards, time
sheets and other paraphernalia of the
bookmakers found in the betting ring.
The police were armed with search war
rants, and no resistance was made by the
track officials. The raid Is the result of
the fight being made by the Oak Park
authorities against liquor selling and
gambling at the track. . .
Judge Dunne decided the Hawthorne
race track saloon dispute to-day,,findingr
in favor of the town of Cicero. The rul
ing sustains the validity of the license-re
pealing ordinance recently passed.
Forbes Knocked Out.
CHICAGO. June 1. — Oscar Gardner
knocked out Harry Forbes to-night at the
Fort Dearborn Athletic Club in the first
round of what was to have befn a six
round go. The men had been lighting only
about a minute and a half and were mix
ing It up lively, when suddenly Gardner
stepped in close arid caught Forbes with
a short right Jolt in the pit of the stom
ach. Forbes fell to the floor and rolled
around in agony until counted out, when
Referee George Slier, carried him to. his
corner.
Tod Sloan Reprimanded.
LONDON. June 1.— In consequence of
some confusion at Tattenham Corner dur
ing the Derby ,' by which J. R. Kecne.'s
Disguise II is alleged to have hampered
the Prince of Wales' Diamond Jubilee
and Mr. Muskcr's Cheneninjr by crossing,
the Epsom stewards, on the evidence of
the other Jockeys, to-day severely repri
manded Tod Sloa»- •¦»'»••» «*«i«» ¦niQ«riiia« ji.
s-ij-JWO of Australasia's champion bicy
!i cle , riders ark now In this c'.ty. en
j[ route to Parts, where they expect to
compete in the world's championship
races to be held during the exposition.
They are W.Tiercey and E. Reynolds,
and if an.' athletic appearance, coupled
with determination, counts for anything
they should make 3. good showing against
the world's crack riders.
Australasia's representatives were cho
sen at a championship meeting held in
Wellington, N. Z.J last March. The dis
tances were a half mile and one, three,
five and ten miles. In each event there
were from twelve to fifteen competitors
and some of the finishes were very close.
The haif-mile and ten-mile champion
ships were won by Tierney, while the one,
three and five mile championships were
won by Reynolds. Tierney finished sec
ond to Reynolds in the three and five mile
races, while Reynolds finished second to
Tlerr.ey In the ten-mile race.
"I think we will be able to hold our own
in Pnrls and show the world's cracks that
New Zealand knows a little about bicycle
riding," said ilr. Tierney yesterday. "The
time made in any of our races is no cri
terion of speed, as our tracks are some
thing awful. We have to ride with a rigid
seat and our tires not fully pumped up or
else we would be bumped off half a dozen
times in a half-mile run. Mr. Reynolds
holds the world's record of 2:10 for a milo
over a grass track.
"From here we go to New York and
thence to Liverpool. At Birmingham.
England, we will get our pacing machines
and then we go to Paris. I think I will
only enter in the sprinting races, but Rey
nolds is going in for all the champion
ships.
"In the colonies a man has to race from
start to finish. Every quarter of a mile a
new pacer takes hold of you and carries
you along so that in a ten-mile run you
are going almost as fast at the finish as
you were at the start. "When Reynolds
took to bicycle riding It was thought he
was going into consumption. Now he has
a chest measurement of thirty-five inches,
with a nine-inch expansion. We come
here as the representatives of the .League
of New Zealand Wheelmen and have let
ters to some of the California boys who
are Interested In the sport. On our return
from P.iris we expect to remain several
months in the United States."
Tierney stands 0 feet 10 inches, weighs
165 pounds and has a chest measurement
of 39 inches. Reynolds stands 5 feet 9
Inches and weighs lfil pounds. Tierney's
forte Is unpaced riding, and of him the
New Zealand Herald says:
"%V. Tierney has been recognized this
season ns one of the best (if not the best)
unpaced riders in the colony, and latterly
ho has taken his light from under a
bushel and it has shone forth with a great
shine."
Tierney was a great friend of Allen
Jones, the California bicyclist, who went
to Australasia two years ago. He say.s
Allen could not get used to the rough
tracks he had to ride over in the colonies
and In consequence won very few races.
He was thrown from his wheel. racing at
Adelaide and never recovered . his form
after the accident. When they left the
colonies Jones was running a cyclery in
Melbourne and was doing well.
S. Driflln, a handicap rider of note In
Australia and New Zealand, accompanies
Reynolds and Tierney and expects to do
considerable racing at the Paris Exposi
tion also.
Bicyclists Who Expect to Win Laurels at the World's Tourney.
'¦TOllQNTO. Ont,. June J.— A heavy fpe
.V"h}ch" : -•Enveloped' the course to-day later
dcVelpjK-d into a steady, ralru Results: ;.,/
• Six- furlonrs— Hoyal St«rtins •wan, i^haroali
s<-i^<>nd,- : Ju«~<jma third.. : Tj-jne,. l:ifc- ' ... ¦".
Five furl^nps— Terminus, won. ..DcTjna Eay
ep^o'ad. Germantown th Ird. TiiT-?,- UOi, .:•..•
¦¦SEW YORK, Juse 1.— Th* . Patchogiie
Ftakes for thr<«-year-o3ds and upward. at
>:x: Xurlongs . was the feature' of., a fair
Cny'-p pport at Gravepend to-day. - It re
•¦•Itt-d in a clean \-1«ory for iMeehanus at
;:<il. He won ¦¦ctpverjy in 1:13 1-5, a new,
record fcr the:track.- lU-suUs;. -..._ \;-
. F-var*nd a. half furlongs— Screech won, ITc-
A'li^f- se&?ndL . Tke-: EJue '. Coat third. TSme,
* 5e 4-5 :.- . ¦ ¦ . ' . : v i " ' - : - • " ' '" ¦ r J - * '.";. ; -
¦ '¦ Mll«*ifld> a •furloas, 'seUinr— Kini? nraTnble
wv^rirsf'Vy hip second, Sir Guy third. Tim*,:
ixcis. -¦-- -• - ':••:•'. :'."..' y ¦¦¦'-' ¦ ¦. ¦
¦ J.*sichofru« : rtalcesA . .elx : : furlongs, sellings
[H>'»l>*..i"iir«'i »T"n ' Merry Day .second. Truroixat
'iirn"i." Tinr?. 1:13 l-B. ¦•: - • . '=: ¦' • ¦"•* "'.
•¦' iiil« 'and: wrventy - yards — Bombshell wen,
¦?ta4e» rer<jR<i. Nans«n third. Tims, 1:*6.3-S.-.:
.i-'Jlandjrap st<*eripeh'a.=«\' a^ut two ani a hilT
vtvnl !Bt>i» \Vhlt« second. Neptor
th'ri:- Tlrre. 4^4i: :jj ..;. . *•*-• • i- '¦:"- ."-,. ''¦.
¦•; Five furt.'>ne>— VA\i»e ¦ wr«h. Delmarcn second.
T*urthol-at third. ..Time. 1/lZ. ¦'¦'¦', '-, '¦¦¦¦¦ -.
ST. LOUIS. June I.— Not a single fayprr
Jte scored at the Fair Grounds track to
day, the muddy condition of the track
having ..much to do. with their defeat. Be
tulls: •:¦ ¦¦'¦-¦ ¦ : V. - '. • '; . ?.: :'¦; : ; "¦ : ¦'.¦ \; ._¦
1S1X •fTirlorsE^; reHtng — tmp.'-' Loljerer vren
jJa*C»eat-'"ecc-<3. Ben Bcj- tWrd. • Time. 1:23. ;
¦¦¦ Five iuriijnge— Miss Zeru won, •' Danger Line
e«c'jt)a. %>firls&& third. Tim*. ljj*.T: ¦¦•'
: '-''Sfrtllsg, . eix furlongs— Miss X^oretta won*
¦Sl»ri« G. lirown eeednd. Castine third. Time.
J;2TV. ' / ... ¦ • ¦¦. ' '-. ' : - ¦ ¦•¦
f^fiiir.ir one mile and ' eewecty yarie— Ticlrful
*-<rr,. Cathedral eecodfi. Bo&e Aj?pJ.e third.
T.rr.e; i:iz. ¦'•. •- r . ':¦ '•¦ . • '.I .:¦• ¦ ¦ i\:: :
"~Ti i ; fprlrtnrfV Stlt\jk Wardell won. pr. Cave
t»r->rJi. Vertfr third.;. Time. UO%S - ..: • Vi.i
• • SctHnp. six furlon^s-^Ned V.*lcJtes won, ILir
rie r*i!>j4 eeco&d, Troicboaie third- Time. 1OS%.
t^vpti furionps. sf-llic*: — Raclvan won. Ladir
Fr-.ta-nnic fcecorid. Braw Lad third. Time. l^JT.
M!ie and &t.e-eiglith. selllr.jr— Thomas Carey.
vr^v., I'rtnce Blazes seccad, Louisville third.
T.r.,*, XS9&. " - ; :i-.h'' '¦¦•:. ¦ . : ; - :
Five lurlffnirs— Garry "Herrmann won. Sllvtr-
Cale second. Tae Cos<;ueror third;- Time. 1:C4?4.
One mS« — Celeritus won. Eidbow second. Ma
2 r Masir third.-' Tline:. 1:454. The Monk fla-
Ube4 first, but was dlSQUallfied for a fouL'.- "¦¦
Four an4 one-half furlong*— STh« Cuban <i(rl
v r.. Grace Cup eecond. Anxious third. Time.
CHICAGO. Jun« 1.— We-itber clear,
track heavy, at Hawthorne to-day. Re-
Bulls: ' : '[¦;¦ f- .¦; : ¦ . '.":¦¦ . >..'*', .'
. One ir.l!*-^Star Chamber won. Old Mike sec
ond. Maryland Reperve third. Time. l:46Vi-
h:x ;ur!or.c«. .^ellin^T-Polly Elxby won, Ielip
eeoor.a. Nervura- third;, f Time. l:2G"t- : .. :
iFix fur'.cnrs, selling— Eltholln won. Dandy H
•eeosfi, Be^kman third: Tiiae, 1:21. : ; •'
dN'C^TCATI. ; June [ ; ll— Eitholin won
the last race at Latoula toi-day in the
most exciting flhfsh:-. of tfef .meeting.
Dandy H.. Berkmao <uid Blenheim were
bunched comicg down the home stretch,
when Eitholin cam* through on the rail,
and in a fierce drive won In the very last
etrJde by a nose from.Jpandy XL. Weather
rair.y. Tracij muddy. ; Results:- . : •.
Six furloncs-^MacLaren won.' -MacFIecknoe
teecpfl, Crctst TSe thtrd. Time. i:K>\.
Seven and oss-half turlongs — All;e Belle won,"
Our Lida cecotidi Eleanor Holmes third. Time.
I:«S. ,...: • ¦;:. ¦¦¦¦ ¦ :"I 1 '-' '• : " '
Five rurlon^— May Cherry won, Hel»n Gra
fcatn second. High Ebb third. Time. 1:06. ¦
M'.le and one-f'.xteeath, selling— Peter Durj'ea
v.'~n. Gr^aiiand second, Indian third. Time,
l:"H- ; ; : - ¦ ._ ¦ ' ¦ ¦•----. !-¦ .
Jffost Sxcitiag 1 Finish; on: Ixist l>a.j
at Latonia, . ;' ¦:¦.¦ ¦...'
WTtfS BY A NOSE.
By fl. M. WALSH.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CtilCAdO. June 1.— The California team
will compete .In its last meet for the year
¦to-morrow., it. will be ;the Western, inter
collegiate gatnes. The entries show that
of twenty-one colledp.s'in the association
all but- two vfill . compete, ' Grinnell and.
Iowa failing to. come in. There are 3G7 en
tries' in the sixteen events. This shows
clearly that , the competition both indi
vidually and as colleges will be very j
c1qs«. The only man who is sure of, his
event is Flaw of California. There are '
26 entries in the 100 yards; 26 in the 220 ;
yards; 2i> in the quarter mile; 2S In the '
half mile; 25 In the mile; 24 in the high
hurdien; 26 in the low hurdles; 8 in the
mile walk; 22 In the high jump; 29 in the
broad jump; 15 lit the pole vault; 22 in the
shotpui;.il in the hammer throw; 24 in
the discus throw: 2<> in the mile bicycle
race, and 27 in the quarter mile bicycle |
• contest.
Michigan goes into the contest looking :
like the winner, but Chicago and Califor- }
nia have not civen up hope. Wisconsin (
also has a very strong team. California j
would be an almost sure winner if Hoff- j
man, Broughton and Walsh were in con- j
dition. but such is our luck, and we will
have to make the best of it. Every one
of our men are^ determined to run them
selves out, as it is their last game. It is
rather .hard to give a forecast of the |
events, because the men in these colleges ¦
are from different parts of the West, and
¦they have been timed with all kinus of j
watches, but I will, with the aid of the
official handlcapper of the A. A. U., C
O. Duplessis, attempt it:
100 yards— Seiblee. Michigan, first, 10 seconds;
Slack, Chicago, second 10 1-5; Drum, California.
220 yards— Cayon. Illinois, first, 22 2-5: Cado
gan. California, second, 22 3-5; Slack, Chicago,
third. 22 3-5.
440 yards— Looks like easy thing for Maloney.
•Chicago 49 4-5; Slack. Chicago, second. :50;
Tietzel. Michigan, :51 2-5.
Half-mile— Maloney, Chicago, 2:00: Barrett,
Michigan, 2:01; Service, California, 2:02.
Mile— Hahn, Wisconsin. 4:32: Baker, North
western, 4:33; Huibert. Chicago. 4:33.
Mile walk— Bredsteen. Wisconsin, 7:06 3-5;
Davis, Chicago, 7:20; Walsh, California, 7:24.
Not much Is known of bicycle riding, but the
principal fleht will be between Brown of Chl
capo. McDougal of Notre Dame and Sudhelmer
nf MlnnpROtn_
High hurdles— McLean, Michigan, :15 4-5: Ma
loney Chicago, :16: Hamlln, California, :16 2-5.
Low hurdles— McLean, Michigan. :26; Malo
ney. Chicago, :26; Woolsey. California, :26 1-5.
The hammer throw is a snap for Plaw, 170
feet 6 inches; Mortimer, Chicago, 131 feet;
Vicr3. Illinois. 130 feet. - ¦'
Shot put— Plaw California. 42 feet 2 Inches;
Woolsey. California, 41 feet 11 Inches; Eg&man,
Notre Dame, 41 feet.
Discus throw— France, Michigan. 12S feet;
Schmahl, Chicago, 112 feet; Granke, Wisconsin.
108 feet. •¦ _
Pole viult— Would be easy thing for Hoffman,
but his leg will not permit his entering.
Wheeler, Wisconsin. 10 feet 10 Inches; Dvorak.
Michigan. 10 feet 10 inches; Magee, Chicago, 10
feet » inches.
HlKh Jump— Armstrong. Michigan, 6 feet;
Bishop. Wisconsin. 5 feet 10 inches; Schmahl,
Chicago, 5 feet 8 Inches.
Broad Jumr»-McLean. Michigan. 23 feet;
Shule, Wisconsin. 22 feet 2 Inches; Pettit. Chi
cago. 21 feet ? Inches.
These times and distances are records
of men and not what they will-do to-mor
row. Although Borne of. the records look I
as if they were timed with an alarm j
clock, most of them are true.
The condition of the California boys has
not chansred since yesterday, and we will
go into the meet greatly handicapped by
disabled men.
Froia' tHei; Best Possible Forecast It
NowXooks as .Though Michigan .
. ¦ : ;^: ; I .; Wili/Carfjr Oflf-the.^. .U • :
¦ '¦;¦;;.; i: ; .' ; .!/ ! >' Honors. • ¦¦.: "'¦¦: ':
Men vpetermiiied^ However,
I Ao 1)0 Tlxeir; iSest in^the
'¦t ¦'¦: ""' .Last'Meeti
ATHLETES FROM
BERKELEY BADLY
HANDICAPPED
AUSTRALASIA'S CHAMPIONS
ON THEIR WAY TO PARIS
Puts t7p ft Plutky Fight and Floors
the "Kid"' "Witfc a Bight .
¦: : ,-: r?v ¦¦¦¦': Swing to ths Coun.— ¦"••::..;¦. .-'*•:;
tcnajice,
.' XETVT TOUIC, 'Jiizie l^Kifl- ileCay' ajdfled ;
¦inotiier joiJaia •tpiii; : -Ust «f _ : ytctc?Je.a ai.^te;
'tiaXXtig;: Sn&c Bbp^r , or -SUsirnit* : P^rln
/the tiiirtectith roiirtupf V-l.iat.vvis'.tQ ;Kay«J
'•¦feeen.- 1 - .*¦.• tTy-enty irfive ? : rbur«<l-.bou.t-.at : :jjj58;
¦^6ufids;;.-it\ i .ipo^; : *jt/o^3krcGoy'»'" : i:Vevfertj^a$-'
t : lg- miner: etowhy -j ft. yvas-a Jfast?&^4 jcxeicer,
l>«*xiing-.ejkiiipUSctii.;!fi> •.^¦siji;h ; ;hoih./m*h:.<ild
¦«oo4;:eu:;d:ti0.n f ar- tte i'.icliv.. ; The lieuWg
ouds:were.:2oto ,i : in-.-:3ltCov-'a -f^vdt:\: ': : ..'vw ¦¦
¦ iBantier-L^:4n \ru$hi»sr ia ,th^-. open ing:
round anil i*K*-«» £h*= n&iUJ p.ui if*) '3. Js^rots^r,:
afgressive -iigKU} y,In 'tiiV feig4ijLh":he -:aent :
McCoy .to :.tfe -floin: with .a
ftsd .a. :rlght-;.*w1ng!: en tbe^ iace.^ Mi^iiy :
wiis up-in atv-i^tent.--.";.3n :tji<;, : . : .follo*«jg:
round McCoy, eaiJied : =:lrjtp- bf$ l-»e«:i^- :
ejiVaiiiao.- putting; ,rig-jits sik j: ;lt -'is.'- W,..the '
Xac« :2u>a..t>o5y. e« tting : the- skiiv in •¦several,
pieces. . ajnd ihfr .:*)«-lK f fjuad : ilor.ijer iniX
srorgyitonditio^;. At thu end of the tenth',
royntl sBoumr li^as ahnottt voist, ;a*>«i
• fhrtiyghput.;-:. ¦ it&j ;*jeventh • ¦ an-i- c\reJ£tJi .
roisnds.h* was tti ajdtti«?d condrtlon. ' ¦' : :
.. Boorjer rusijed^defy^rateiy -In ihe.thir
teenth, Itoding A- left oil ttie cliest. ! : ile*
•Ooy: landed his lert«n the >y* ..and his
richt -on the^body. JJbiiuer pluckjly trieiJ^
to e&l backi but McCoy vyas air <ivcr- him
and after a Tig-hV. on • itie body from 'the
Kid. Bonner . slipped to .his jjinees aa4 a»
he was unable t<> eo on the ; Pejinsylvan
tA3'« seconds threw up the sponge. • • -: .
Big Miner Sent, Into Dream
land in the Thirteenth \
Round, i '
BONNER GIVES
McCOY PLENTY
OF HARD WORK
;^gpjB[^t'j^j^N; :"ipAJsxJ;is)c6 \ (&y&jL;\Vi^
5
visit OR. JORDAN'S cheat
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
£fe U31KA2Iir5T.tot.e±*7a.3.F.C»L
Xfr The L*r(MtAiUtomleal Mmetnn fai tb«
-j^KP-'ij World. Weikaenes or any contracted
¦tfu* «S5 <llw prcill^rl; cyr«4 hjr the oltisit
tizMp OS.JCaOA?i-PRlY&TE DISEASES
I/£SSg£)W C«wni!:st!cn /tm «nd strl'tly prints.
I iSXilti 'f " '""«"* p*Monally or bf letter. A
Jl Or S* ft Pvi.tvec <Vr«m er«T7 ease undertaken.
Et f tlA "Write far T.nrit. PHI LOtOrB^tr
I 0- Il^B BAnaiAcE. mailso j>«iib. <a
A '5' Tllu » t)le twoh '" x^")
OB. joncis «& co.. 1051 MsTt«tst.,& r.
Weefly Call $1.00 h?y«
731 MARKET STREET, S- F.
? Specialists for Men. ;
Insist upon Cof-farln from
your jjrocer — he can cet It
for you If he wants to. .
you can easily doit.
It means health and
long life to you.
get used to ~~~
Cof = f arin
You are used to
tea and coffee-
OPHIR OIL COMPANY
Mills Building, San Trancisco.
Los Anceles Office. 402 Douglas Block.
WELLS ALL AROUND US.
NEW STRIKES AT COALIN'GA.
mi «»efpages antj orij
SANDSTONEON THE OPHIK
X TRACTS.
' BUT NOW— Later you will p*7
more for the same stock.
STOCK FULLY PAID.
NON-ASSESSABLE.
Directed and operated by leading busi-
ness men. Call or eend for
prospectus.
OPH/R
OIL
STOCK!
Offlca 1OO4 Market Street.
Near Powell.
Telephone— South 420.
Oakland Office— 4O9 12th Street.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Is what our housewives In San Francisco
can do when their husbands, brothers anil
sons send all their soiled linens to the
United States Laundry. Xo home work
can produce the Immaculate aniKlr.cly
polished shirt front, cuff or collar turned
out by us. Experts handle all our work,
and laces, curtains or fine linens are done
up equal to new.
"No saw edges."
"PLAYING HOUSE"
|. A Safssni&jf §&B® of |
I rfh^-iZi- Men's SampSeSfooes |
& }^ : ' N iJ] • x
K f< \ \ I V/e offer 147 pairs of Men's Sample Shoes. from Buck- X
|f / /$ \*\J ingham & flecht, the manufacturers and wholesa!-
S A A^- -^ M erB » at a '' Dera ' reduction from manufacturers' ju
* YfiML ''--Vy— prices — Calf. Tan Ga'.f, Box Calf, Vici Kid and .IT
K (f^/V /5y^Ja Kangaroo ; Lice and Congress 3ty'e3 ; «2
t t^ " >v g£y*gk a^ ety!e3 toes and tips : Goodyear j$
9C x%- •^ s sfj y^S> • we ' t » 8ewe( l soles. Shoe? that retail X
•I ®^^v JP>— 2^^V regularly for $3.50, $4.50 and $5.00 X
Sr ~>§ >v per pair. Na two paira alike. Oa '<¦;
5 Xi V J^^ special sale to- day onfv, X
R Nk^*»-^><r all at the uni- 4ft 4^ «^?T %
5 form P rice - P er *
«? ""^iii in"" pair y .«
£• First Alsle-Rlght of Entrance. The SJ^eS ate J, "]\atld 8. #
V .''. X
t> d&»> a f«w «pek3 aro Fl£nJ^^m*<P *** You wou'd consider '2
Sf G®iteSa we leaned up MGiS S them all right at 5
6 New York manu- MJBm*4t» $2.00 eafch. They are X
$ 3 7&- fa •turer's stock of St8&M& 9 our regular %\$>z $
g £* M Zaa Men'3 Congo Walk- --« value; Stiff Hits and •
K" -*«v ing Sticks 3$Ma*frv&m Fedoras; black and <x
§f tfr^HNh ff^i with Prince • ** colors; in the very 51
« ('[ JM f F /7 of Wal83 b . ac " newe3t X
tC Kj LtA FJ frj dies and nice- and most /*£=. a
K El M _ l4 _ lr trimmed approved f "<§•'¦ -L f^_ — *5
K •¦ most used ufday X "J^ vy j5
V •; and worth from $oc io $1.00 only, on 6 /^v^*/ Z7^7^ X
f J each. We sod hundreds of special .$
Sf ¦' them in a recent one-day sale, sale at..^.
& : The 200 odd sticks that remain .-*f-^o ¦¦: X
| \ on hand areoff^red for Main Floor-Oft Rotunda. J
tf ;! this day oniy, each..... XYG n^^n- Another of our popular X
t -i Main Aisle. ** & OK Saturday Book Sales to- •'
J U -.yj *n ' m- day; O h o i c o '<%
$ Glassies and x
* Thi3isth8lastdayof w»««w Standard F/o- •*
*' VS3Ow& the Bale of Ladies' tlon; 200 titles Classics daintily bound ',
r ' Fine Gloves, 8 to 24 in unique Japanese veneer binding*, well ."•
* i^Sfl© button lengths, black, printed and illustrated; 100 titles of »'
. m?saa%*m w jjite and opera Standard Fiction, by famous authors, Jj
C shades, at ono-QUartOl* off bound in substantial cloth; publishers' X
i rcttular nricos — price 60c volume; special price this day X
: $1.26kind....64o $2.00 kind..$/..5O only— §
'I $1.50 kini.$t.18 ?4.00 kind.^J.OJ 22o G*m, or 5 VOfS $1. §
L E tc, Etc., Etc. Bargain Table-Main Aisle. 'J
\aT7s3i}. iliP*' avu3 8a.m". J
ijohn Marquardt P* €jH>Ute*\ fttaSe Rai 3fJ> a»% "3 Mash. Proit. X
; a o n rch«tra. CAUFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICAS ORA.NDEST STORE AlSenixS^ete S
; : $15*G0 and $12.50 Suits, $9.95,
Second Aisle— Right of Entrance.
: . Finding ourselves * bsrvily overstocked -.X^...:'^';.'-*-: • ,^ : ; ; V -}\.'~ '¦'¦ QT^< ¦¦'¦¦¦¦
•with Men's Suite fr<)tn $12.50 tb|15.00T9 v :;.^ : >^v :- : '\V-.v ;< :; A. I' V*Jsy ¦-'V--'-".
make a desp pricecut UTttiJ furthOP '*¦/. ;•¦: Y^^/V l^^l^V.^ .'.'
notice to clew but the surplus. -^ ¦¦;.•:•/ - : -"' :; :i:.P i^^^^^ aS J'i^^TTT'
•Th.es© siiits are in. the ropufar single- -'-' V^ ¦¦^/T\Vifl
. : breasted sack style; positively all wool, -S YV
correctly fashioned and made upiaa '.'¦ [..¦ ¦ :'^^*J^^\> /^^^'^^ /^
\ first-clcss manner, phin and fancy chat- .••/%\) jt«*i\ ') |\' f\ \s^^
'." ioi8 aad fancy '¦worsted* in 20 : dififer- . M/A\\\ •( ! 1 !'\\\i ¦¦, .
ent colors and. patterns, and' :good, .. /( fl\\ |)i]lifujf ...• •.'. . ¦
alf at U9 the Se vc e ry' "Off V^'jjl |C![lE. : ; ..^r'-
specbl price ...:^ :^**V**** Pit,/ J ¦ '.¦V /-' '.¦
fioys* £o 0 Pants Suits, V/^M \WMlL -Aft^ ;
$4.95 — About 100 good' value ;^'raR|)| |P5 i/ S*f: ;
56.00 and J 6.50 Suits for young men Tlill/l i'/YT'
13 to 19 . of age; new goods in . , . 'Kj, I .7 / j V t . . ..• ,.;
nobby, attractivo patterns, stylishly -?.: j|7!||7/ I \\ ¦ . -K ,
cut, we:l trimmed, made up with great , : ' mi// j \i ..:.¦'
care, are effared as a special iadaoe- kill'" \ \\
ment to make a trial purchase in our >. jj 1/ ¦¦" 1 \\
Youths' Department ti>- Ays ni> ' ! \\\j '£'¦¦'¦ \\
day iS&iUFday) on'y 3^P*Or%3 : 1(1 V Yl • :;
Eovs* 3* Piece Suits, &3.9S H « ii^L ,_ / j M
— On.y 80 of thes! ; sizes for beys S to . W Is* '¦¦'
I 15 year?; strictly all-wool materials in T y-*-""" : ,
colors least calculated to show dust and
wear; good patterns, stylish cut and extra well made, coat, vast and knee pants,
sold by us regularly for £5.00 and $6.00; to- lay (Saturday) «£9 OK
on'v..... ~ &Jfa&O
SatupiSayi'- June 2.
pi H' ypmanh^porkdjCk^yfpv{^ y#youdQ,byptd-d3y.
Africana and Hi, Upman Cigars tOc each, 1
THE:iarpoRiTrBL
THE '¦EMBOBJlrifc
HllillSI
HI
iill
PALACE HOTEL
The high standard of excellence main-
tained by these hotels Is recognized and
appreciated by a discriminating and fas-
tldtous clientele who regularly make them
their headquarters when In San Francisco.
Located In cloee proximity to wbolesal«
and shopping districts, places of amuse-
ment and with th» further advantage of
having street cars to all points of Interest
pass the entrance.
American plan. European plan.
GRAND HOTEL
¦'.'tVV' 1 :¦'-"'. •."¦'! % l be'-'bloi6a erfrwM thin' ind •watery when the digestion Is-
•i fiSSpt . Unpaired. '' The nerves T>ecome weak ajid unsettled and the \
"¦: entire; syptera Io«-8tone and regularity. Flatulence, a sink-
'..'.''! ir.g Sensation at tbe pit of etomach, fcenrtburn. waterbrash, }
'.¦:.'¦: heaffatshe, 1-0*9 oT appetite and Bleep, palpitation of the heart.
:¦" "¦:.':-':¦¦¦ - : 'v«rtlgr6, : involuntary' tw-ltchrnjrs of the muscles. Irregularity of
S ";-...-- : ::. th« boweJs-- and many other chanceful and annoying tj-mptoms
indicate how serious la the . organic disturbance produced by
th!« obplJrate as4 very prevalent malady. A cure for this
diftiresjsliir trouble may be effected with
ELECTftOZONE
"¦ :•-.;¦ A rneisicine which impart* tone and regularity both to the dl-
.', •-•••.•• '.;. ¦'¦¦ . gestlve And assimilative orranB, enriches the blood, quiet* the
¦¦¦-"•.. '.¦¦".¦ Tirrvt* -a.n& protn"-U?s appetite, sleep and activity of the bowe!».
, ¦¦{¦¦ ¦¦'¦". rLFCTnOZoNE Is a remedy that will cure tnlld or chronic
<<-.•..:;• • . ca^esiof ayspepsia. Besides «ventually remox-lngr all the bodily
>•..¦¦••': tortures produced by Indigestion, It exerts a most genial in-
./*!'¦ - : ¦¦ fluence upon -the mtnd of the Invalid, banishing the gloom and
•-¦» : '? despondency to which dyspeptics ar« especially subject, and
.'if: V .' the phyelcaJ misery which: It produces. i
'''ii* ¦ '.¦- : '"¦¦'¦ Seattle. TVash.. Jan. 12. 1900. . M
.:'-•¦''.:.•"• : ITlectrozone XLfg. Co.: This Is to certify that . «»&
In .NV.verr.ber. 1899. I -commence-l to take Klw- t-3[£
,',.•¦- trozjine for fprious ftomarh troiihle that caused aS^
':'•'¦'• '' '¦' .'..¦ ¦ roe much eufferlr.gr for years, durinjr which time *2f:?V
¦'•'.7- .¦*,.: ¦ '¦¦ I- rri*nt bunilreds of dollars for relief with no Bt-~-^e-
' ~.- ;'-'}~-. '.¦"¦-' ¦ : -.-. j results". To my eurprise one bottle of Klec- SST---~i
-. \-'f rf . ¦"¦ '¦:'• ¦ troxone cured me, Tou may use thin as you see MB£- .•,:¦>,
'¦:¦.' t ?• '*.'¦¦•.•'¦¦¦• .••'•¦•-: : Ut. Voure truly. K. T. LAMPHEBE, fiSf.' '•*"•
'.\: x r'./: ;.:.;• 1732 Western Av». JSzf: ;'.«•. V;
'¦'/•¦¦'•'."•^•>. ': {'¦ KtinCTROZOXE. Jl bottle. &W-''/'.'". '• •¦
-¦'-."/",'.¦<'•>¦• •¦ '¦': '¦¦ if-.j-- TABLETS. M cents. EZ&-" •'*¦'. '"•'.:
.» L,.- '.¦..-r% < i ; .1 :. nLRCTP.OZONE LIVER ASK-' ''£''*''''
-<*--'' % . '.-;'¦; A. ¦'¦¦¦ '!.• ¦";. •: . : rEI>LETS. 26 cents. iffi^v'-'*. '••.'•'.".
¦ * «•*• •. *..•«•' i* k? \ " i :•¦ ¦¦¦¦¦:¦ A- Kf nd' for pamphlet to V5w« -.•. J •''¦'•
y*\;*?;:y y\i0Q : ELECTROZONE MFG CO., /&?'/-¦ '¦•'•' ~''S '/.'•'¦CAIilFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
PERSONAL MENTION.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE BLACK SEA— T. W., City. Rus
sia enn maintain a fleet In the Black Sea,
but such fleet cannot leave that sea.
A BIRTHDAY GIFT— C. T. K.. City. A
box of fine clpars. If the gentleman Is a
smoker, is certainly an acceptable present
in remembranee of the anniversary of
birth. .:-¦*.¦,."..-
NO SUCH APPROPRIATION— Inquirer
City. Congress did not appropriate any
sura to be used "in case the bubonic
plague appeared on the Paciilc Coast."
A CI7RIOSITY-F. L. J.. City. The bill
described in your letter. Issued by a firm
of photographers in this city many years
ago, has no market value, and is worth
rk>sit™ hat ° ne wou!d glve - for lfc as a cu-
FOR PENSIONS-!. C. City. The stir
geons appointed to examine those who ap
Pn y H f0r J? ensions the United States
V 1 San Francisco are Drs. D. P Rac-in
city/ Crawford and J - -H. Sopef of th?3
T ?"* 1N « ! * M. S.. City.
H R " pslan Government has not thrown
open the coast of Siberia to American
miners. Mining by foreigners to tha?
country Is prohibited, except by -Decial
permission of the Russian MiWter of
Agriculture and State Domains.
THROWING DICE— A.~ S., City If in
thowlng dice, on the first throw A has
? nM e !L xes .u nd sets them as'de on the
two dice Is a six and the other roll*
a f r a n ins ,t one of the first three^ sixes £nd
turns-it over, A's throw is four sixes.
PEDDLING - S.. \VatsonvlUe, Cal.
There is no law In regard to veterans of
'*« Clvi , 1 ,. War bell »P allowed to peddle
Fh« SL 11 * 1 . 0 " 1 a J'cense. In some places
the authorities that have the Issuance of
lcenses sometimes. gTant a free license
to a veteran in needy circumstances.
TRADE MARK AND PATENT— S. D
City.. A trade mark Is a symbol, figure'
monogram or other device affixed bv a
m «nu; a cturer to his goods as adistin*
Sil2lJL n8 m * ark of thelr O1^ n a nd gen
uineness. . A patent Is an exclusive "rurht
to the use of an invention granted to the
l?a°a r fk 3 . Patent 5; are not lssued &
Fine butter log at Townscnd'a. •
Delicious alacuma at Townwmis. -
New peanut crisps at Townsenfli. ... ¦
Look out for 81 4th street (oc barber,
trocT): best ove-plass: specs, 10c to 40c. •
Townsend's Cal. glaced fruits. 50c a
1b, In fire etched boxes or Jap baskets.
639 Market street, Palace Hotel. •
» ? ¦
Special Information supplied daily t~>
business houses and public men by tfca
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery stret-t. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cameras, photographic supplies, books
on photography and books for unmonntei
photographs. Printing and developing
done In the latest styles. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
¦ ? ¦
Hotel Attractions.
"Yes. he started a hotel, and he's mad;
a hit, too. You know the old-established
place across the street advertised Itself as
'a hotel with all the comforta of home.' "
•*Y<»s."
"Well, he advertised his place as 'a ho
tel without the discomforts of home." —
Philadelphia Press.
¦ ? ¦
Republican Delegates Choose Their
Route.
The California delegates to the Republican
National Convention at Philadelphia have an
nounced as the official route the Centra! Pa
cific. Union Pacific and Chicago and North
western railways, and will leare San Fran
cisco June 12 at 10 a. m. on the "Overland
Limited." the ©Vfc-hour flyer to Chicago. Ths
round-trip rate of JS3 Z0 is open to all. D. W.
Hitchcock. General Agent. Union Pacific, 1
Mon»-romery street. San Francisco.
Pr. Piegerfs Angostura Bitters is known all
over the world as the great regulator of the
digestive organs. ,
1 • *
Bloodshed Averted.
Quinn— I told Jinks if he didn't Keep nls
chickens out of my yard I would chal
lenge him to a duel.
De Fonte— Did you?
Quinn — No: neither of our yard* was
large enough to step off the ten paces.—
Chicago News. * " '•
AN INTERESTING QUESTION.
No one will grudge Congress a. right to adjourn
now and get away fmm the heat of Washington, but
at the same time; the country will expect the states
men to remember to mr.ke up at the next session what
was left undone in this one. The Nicaragua canal
bill, the merchant marine bill and a revision of the
war ta* come very near being emergency measures
and should not be left for the next Congress to deal
"•Vltll.
DOUBTLESS there will be much in the way of
adverse criticism, complaint, and antagonism
to the recommendations concerning the regu
lation of athletic sports at the universities in the re
port submitted by the committee appointed for that
purpose and representing the universities of Califor
nia, Columbia, Cornell, Brown, Harvard, Princeton
and Pennsylvania. A movement for reform never
takes place until there is an evil to eradicate, and the
forces which bring about the evil are certain to op
pose and to hamper the reform no matter how wisely
it be directed. In -he present case, however, the
authorities that propose the reform are so high and
have given so much study to the subj'ect the general
public will not be easily persuaded to deem them
wrong. Therefore, whoever undertakes to condemn
their conclusions and to oppose the adoption of their
recommendations will have to give very valid rear
sons indeed for doing so, or otherwise will profit
little by his labor.
The committee, after an examination extending
over a considerable period of time, find that many
abuses have grown up among the universities by
reason of the rivalries engendered by athletic contests.
It is noted that many students are tempted by the ex
citements of athletic sports to neglect their studies.
The keenness of the rivalry leads certain elements
in the university to encourage men to enter the in
stitution not to study, but solely to strengthen the
various university teams. In some cases ofFers are
made to pay athletic young men for their services on
the teams. Finally, the attendance at the public
games between the champions of noted universities
yields such large rewards in money there is an entice
ment to students to enter upon something very much
like professional sport for gain.
The report sets forth with careful elaboration many
of these bad practices and the evils that result from
them. The statements are strong, and while some of
tHem may seem to be exaggerated, it will be remem
bered by the public that the men who make them have
thoroughly studied the subject and are familiar, with
it, and being university men themselves, are certainly
not biased against university athletics. They say: "At
present athletic sports occupy a disproportionate
amount of attention in many of our universities, col
leges and schools, and the 'main end of all rules must
be to prevent outdoor sports and physical exercises
from interfering with tlfe mental and moral training
of the students. If that cannot be done, the sports bid
fair to become a positive evil." :^v
According to the summary made public, the report
recommends that there shall be no intercollegiate
contests on any except university athletic fields; that
"no student shall be a member of both the freshman
and university teams; that no student shall represent
his university in more than one branch of sport in a
single academic year without permission from the ath
letic committee; that no student shall represent the
university if he has been dropped from his class into
, a lower class or from the first year class out of the
university; that no student shall receive his board free
at the training table; that there shall be no summer
team practice excepting for ten days before the open
ing'of the fall term, ?nd that no tickets shall be sold
to the general public for intercollegiate contests until
the students themselves have had the first chance to
buy." ¦
The proposed rules leave ample scope for such gen
erous rivalry among the universities as to encourage
young men to athletic sports and healthful exercise.
It is to be hoped they will be generally adopted and
given a fair trial.
UNIVERSITY ATHLETICS.
vast majoritv of fair-minded men agree
with my thesis. The citizenship of priest
or preacher is Just as deep, as high, as
broad as the citizenship of lawyer or doc
tor. Therefore priest and preacher have
as much right to employment in Berkeley
as any other man. But behold the won
der. There are preachers without number
in Berkeley. No priest ever held a posi
tion there. It is not on record that any
priest was ever proffered a position.
In the territory tributary to Berkeley
Practically seven people out of sixteen
are 'Catholic. Yet the number of Catho
lics on the university rolls is exceedingly
smaal. To explain this fact we must
suppose either that the church* is ho»tUe
to the university a» a university or that
parents have reasons of their own for
not fending their children there.
aow, it is not true that the church" is
? i. to tne university as a university,
or tnat she condemns all systems of ed
ucation not given under her own control,
ihe church has hrr own Ideal of educa
tion, and to realize that ideal she ha$
her own institutions as becomes her who
is the mother of all learning. But she
8?,^ not for that reason quarantine her
children against universities where they
may gain certain secular information and
reap certain social or professional advan
tages. All she demands Is that her chil
dren have fair play. When that fair play
is secured, aye even when there 13 n hop*
of securing It, she prudently makes her
accommodations. The great Catholic
schools of New York State are In touch
with the regents of the University of New
York because Catholics have such repre
sentation among the regents that Catho
lic rights are secure from unjust aggres
sion. In Oxford and Cambridge Catholic
students frequent the schools, and there
have been established in these towns
houses or agencies to see that Catholic
boys receive no detriment. If the church
wore opposed to Berkeley as Berkeley
there would not be a Catholic on its
rolls.
As to Catholic parents, who can blame
them if they see In the absence of Catholic
regents and Catholic professors an Inti
mation that, while Catholics may be wel
come enough as students, there is somu
strange fatality which shuts them out
from university emoluments? They are
not reassured by the statement that there
Is no desire to penalize their children or
to discriminate against them. Non licet
argumentare contra factum. The facts
are there and facts are most persuasive.
Now, let me say that I am one of those
who regret and have always regretted this
state of affairs. I do not believe that the
Catholic community should shut itself in
with walls of brass. I believe that as we
bear our civic burdens shoulder to should
er with our brethren. Jew and gentile.
Catholic and Protestant, so we should en-
Joy our civic rights, share and share
alike. Especially in this matter of tho
State University, as we contribute to Its
support, so we should be able to partake
of its advantages. I would not have Cath
olics a caste or a class apart. I believe
In Catholic colleges because I believe in
religious education and In freedom of edu
cation, but I believe, too. that there are
many scholastic advantages which not
only Catholic c« Meges. but all other pri
vate Institutions, might enjoy by the co
operation of the State University. But
before there can be such co-operation
there must be fair play to all ar.d a gen
erous recofjnition of every class In the
community. To promote that consumma
tion I have written this article, and ho
who shall be in any way Instrumental in
bringing it about will have deserved well
of learning and of the State. Yours truly,
P. C. YOP.KE.
¦ The pbjeciicVfis' to fences of excessive height are
paf,y.V. Jo'; the* first pfcee, no matter, "how well they
. rnay. j)«-Vc'jiristructed,:.. the3' are unsightly, and detri
• rr«entaJ.tp:the: value of adjoining property, and in the
s<c t dp.()lrjl"a)cethey'are nearly always badly constructed ;
ind.:fhere(Qr4.dangerou$, being liable to, fall of their
¦<i^ir.'U:eiglU"pr". < t'qf:be bl6wn ; down by the wind upon
persons -J&sfirig: akmji; the streets. :.
: Tlfe" issue lV one which has. long engaged the aitea- j
tion of "tfroujg&tful; people in all parts of the United
States-. "iiVidv-erfising.jlike . anything else, is useful and
henencijl when' in the right place, but a nuisance
:whe.n:iri!theAvrong place. The practice of displaying
lurid -poster^ -of all sorts along walls and fences has
been -parried; to 1 such an extent in the more thickly
*setticd : part's of -the country as to arouse a spirit of re
' vb.lt. whicfc m .many localities has enforced reform.
Sarr. FrancisCo has now to grapple with the evil. It
Is /recognizer! by all that some restrictions must be
placed up.op 1 the practice, and those who seek to have
advertising fenres: limited to a height of ten feet and
ifiejH "of! -the principal stteets of the city are not asking
.anAf.tko Tnu'ch-for th- public welfare.
¦ in a city sq exposed to high winds as is San Fran
.i-j.sco -t.h'e.dajnger' f. torn high and frail fences along the
Sidewalks .is j always imminent, and there have been
itiariy -instances.. 6-f such fences tumbling down upon
'jtjttf streets- cien.whcr. the wind was not above the
. tiOrnial jforc.e.'inid velocity. Against that danger it is
the duty xSi £he municipal authorities to guard, and if
they ire;to-: tolerate: such offenses in the city at all
tliej- shoujd'at "ieast i'mit them to teri feet in height
zv,<\ ' tJitis.pr.evenV them being a menace as well as a
;»iiisaJ«:i..;;"^'.>7;;,:...-r' : . • : \
¦^The.intfreF'tc-.Oi citirens whose property .is injured
by.*:huT£e 'iadyertisfwg: fences on j lots arc
5iarifli' '1?*? : i-rnpprtant than those lot.the community at
'3Sgfe^lfc'i^*i;.-lf?^A^of|por!la^.tl]atno rnan has a
: .rjglu..to:ii£.j.:?iti property in suchja manner as to dim
•^e-Jtiiat'.iof • another. ' The high; advertising fence is
a"t>crjtSus:-iirlarnaR« to. no inconsiderable number of
; pF^P'-rty^owncrs,. pnd the sufferers have a right to
ijo'pk for , protection to the municipal authorities.
X ; Artic»'fv which. wa* postponed on Monday ought to
•;bf bke.rt^t 'itHe'tjeM meeting of the board. The issue
¦tsJrTc^irJ-.ari.d nil the argument has been heard. Under
;it<> circumstance's- should there be permitted within
:.th«;<iiy;ariy^adymi^ing fences exceeding ten feet in
LJieig^iod-cven-itho^c should be excluded* from the
I TnaJn;
BEFORE the committee having the subject in
chargCt and before the Board of Supervisors as
.a whole, ample evidence has been given at
varioui Ijegnngs to sustain the proposition that in the
'tprdiuance':'. regulating the height of fences used for
advertising, purposes the limit should be fixed at a
height lie;.; exceeding ten feet. . A sufficient evidence
to. that etJ«?ct ;3ia<l been submitted before the board met
last .Moridiiy^ abd the postponement of action upon
the oniinAric-e for.'a' week has not resulted in bringing
i(V 'li^hr any /argument or any testimony of counter
;»Vi'ifig vverght.oiV tlie other side.
ADVErVTISlNG FENCES.
EDITOR THE CALL— In dealing with
the relations between the "great uni
versities" and the "small colleges" I
left Berkeley out of the question.
This method of treatment fs con
venient for a number of reasons. In the
first place, whatever Is true of Stanford
as a college is also true of Berkeley as a
college. Dr.- Wheeler belongs to the same
school of educationalists as Dr. Jordan.
The kind of education given in both In
stitutions Is practically identical. :As a
result we have two Stanforda or two
Uerkeleys, and what holds for the college
at Palo Alto holds for the college across
the bay.
The fact that Berkeley is a State In
stitution and that Stanford is a private
enterprise gives the college education im
parted at Berkeley no superiority over this
college education imparted at Stanford,
at St. Mary's College or at the Univer
sity of the Pacific. Becauso Berkeley is
a State Institution is no reason why its
graduates should be entitled, In the face
of the State, to any rights or privileges
not enjoyed by all other graduates of the
same degree. Berkeley belongs to ail the
people, is supported by the taxes of all
the people and. therefore, . should be just
to all the people. Now the right of
parents to determine where and by whom
their children should be educated is a
popular right. When out of their gen
erosity the people give a free education
to the children of a certain section of the
population, the generosity of the people
stops at giving the education and does not
adu the privilege of depriving children of
other sections of the population of their
just dues. To give a single civic advant
age to the graduates of the State Uni
versity is to attack freedom of education.
Such advantage would infallibly lead to
a trust, a monopoly. Who would send
his child to a private school it" the State
showers its benelits only on its own
wards?
Because Berkeley Is a public Institution
all the people have rights In it and it has
duties toward the State. Stanford can ac
cept or reject whom it pleases, for any
reason or for none: so can any other pri
vate institution. Berkeley must be open
to all on the same conditions. It must not
pick and choose between classes of the
population. It must not make It easy for
some to enter, and bar the doors against
others who are their scholastic equals.
As the people have rights in Berkeley,
so Berkeley has duties toward the people.
It should do honest work itself, and it
should stand ready with the consent of
private institutions to guarantee the er
liciency of their work.
But how are we to know that Berkeley
does honest work? How are we to know
that if asked it would give an honest
judgment? On the answer to these two
questions depend the relations of Berkeley
to the private institutions.
A State University, because it is a State
University, does not always give honest
work. In fact, when a State institution is
run as a private preserve there is more
than suspicion that it is not living up to
Its professions. As I had no desire to say
u word derogatory of the gentlemen who
teach at Palo Alto, so I have no desire- to
say a word derogatory of the professorate
of Berkeley. But every one knows that
there is as much skimping and pretense,
backing and tilling, In Berkeley as else
where. 'Men have come out of it with
academic degrees who, to say the least,
obtained them on easy terms and whoso
mt-ntal equipment and methods of speech
did not always tend to increase the
scholastic reputation of their alma mater.
Therefore the public must ask the ques
tion. Who shall watch the watchers?
If Berkeley is to watch over the interests
of education in California, who shall
watch over Berkeley? The scheme of
making one man responsible for tne
leaching will not work. This fad which
has had such disastrous results when ap
plied to municipal government is equally
inefficacious when applied to university
government. It is beyond the power of
any mortal man to supervise in any
efficacious manner the teaching body and
the student body in Berkeley. He has
against him at least the dead weight pf
permanent officialdom and the masterly
inactivity upon which the labors of Her
cules would be spent In vain. One man
power is opposed to all democratic ideals
and especially to all university ideals.
Perhaps if the one man were also the
owner of the State he might put his meas
ures through; but where he is only the
hired co-servant of those for whose work
he is supposed to vouch, the result is In
evitable. If he Is discreet, if he sees lit
tle and says less, peace will enme on him
like a dove. If he tries to do his duty to
the people, there Is muttering, then
wrath, then the storm and behold his
place knows him no more. He passes, but
the Incompetent remain and Don Quixote
goes down before the sheep.
Who shall watch tho watchers? Only
a body that Is independent of the teach
ing staff, that holds the teaching staff in
the hollow of its hand and that has in
centive to eee that the teaching staff
does its work. Such a body would be a
representative board of regents. TJiere
is no reason why a board of university
regents should be made up solely pf law
yers and capitalists. That board stands
for the people to see that the school does
its proper work for the people. Therefore.
It should represent not one or two classes,
but as far as possible every class and
more especially those concerned In educa
tional work. A truly representative board
made up of men whose Interest it is to
set out of the university value for the
public will contain in itself its own source
of energy and efficaciousness. Where
there are divers interests one will watch
the other. This is the theory of our civil
government: it should be the practice of
our university government.
It is to the advantage of the State, It
is to the advantage of the private educa
tional enterprises that there should be not
only good teaching In the State Univer-
The last census was unsatisfactory in almost every
particular, and many well sustained complaints were
n:ade of a deficiency in the count. Efforts have been
made with especial care this time to get an accurate
enumeration of the people, and there can be little
doubt they will be crowned with a high degree of suc
cess. In the Eastern cities the people thoroughly un
derstand the advantage which will result to themselves
in giving cordial assistance to the census officers in
maldng the count, and accordingly the population of
those cities will be justly and fully recorded in the re
sults. The citizens of San Francisco must show an
equal civic patriotism. Let us see to it that we have
a fair count and a full count, so that we may be given
among the cities of the Union the rank and prestige
belong to us of right. t ' :
The Call has already directed attention to the cir
cular issued by the census officers requesting persons
who are to be absent from the city during the two
weeks when the count of the population is made to
ai range so that their names and the desired informa
tion concerning them may be obtained by the enu
merators. It is to be hoped that the request has been
duly heeded and complied with. Little or no trouble
is required to fulfill all that has been asked in that re
gard, and if any one now absent or intending to be
absent has neglected to leave the information they
should do so at once.
THE CITIZENS AND THE CENSUS.
SO far as lies in his power every citizen of San
Francisco should aid the census officials in ob
taining a prompt and thoroughly comprehen
sive count of" the population of the city, and such
other information as the census bureau has undertaken
to compile. To any particular individual it may ap
pear a matter of little moment whether he be included
ir the enumeration or not, but a moment's intelligent
reflection upon the subject will show that such appear
ance is deceptive. The interest of each and all citi
zens will certainly be promoted by whatever promotes
the welfare of the whole community, and a count
which manifests for the city a large increase of popu
lation during the past decade will undoubtedly have
a potent influence in directing the attention of capital
ists and business men to San Francisco and thus tend
to advance the general prosperity in many ways.
sity but that there should be some guar
antee of the teaching In private Institu
tions if these private institutions demand
it Because certain tax-paying citizens
engage in the same work as Berkeley
they do not thereby forfeit the right
which every other citizen has in that in
stitution. They have a claim on it for
such service as it can give them. As tne
university stands at present many of
these private institutions have little con
fidence in the ability of Its teaching staff
and less in their fairness. These institu
tions have no representative on the gov
erning body of the university to safeguard
their rights and look out for their in
terests. Until they I^ave such a represen
tative they would be untrue to the pa
rents who patronize them, (untrue to trie
students under their charge were they to
give the State University the slightest say
in their affairs. .
A State university- not run as a private
concern would be of Incalculable value to
California. No citizen wants second-rate
education when he is paying for first
rate. No educator wants poor teaching
when he can get good teaching. But there
are worse evils than poor teaching and it
is because we dread these evils we often
times suffer things to remain which we
would gladly have otherwise.
To treat the relations of the religious
bodies to the university, and consequently
the relations of the sectarian colleges, is
to touch a difficult and thorny subject.
The so-called orthodox Protestant pul
pits are not satisfied with Berkeley, and
Oakland often resounds to the charge ol
theological horse, foot and artillery. I
have no desire to mingle myself In the
pious disputations of the brethren. They
are perfectly competent to fight their own
battles without outside help or interfer
ence.
1 would, however, draw attention to
certain facts concerning the attitude of
Berkeley toward the Catholic communion,
which may not be without interest to
Catholics and non-Catholics alike. I wish
to speak with all moderation and to pre
sent only unquestioned facts. Catholics
claim nothing from the State 8ave what
they are willing to allow to others. They
ask their rights and fair play, not as
boons, but because they would not be
good Americans to be content with less.
The Catholic church Is, apart entirely
from its religious aspect, the largest ed
ucational force in California after the
State. It reaches more pupils and spends
more money than all the private agencies
put together. Its adherents number a
good third of the taxpayers of the State.
Their money goes into the coffers of the;
State University, as does the money of
non-Catholics. On this title alone Cath
olics are interested In the -working of
Berkeley, and have a right to make their
opinions heard.
Now, when we consider the relations of
the State University to the Catholic cit
izens of California, we are struck by cer
tain significant facts.
In the first place the conduct of the uni
versity is committed to the Board of Ke
gents. They are appointed from time to
time by the Executive and represent "the
people of the Slate. Up to two years ago
there had not been a single Catholic on
the Board of Regents. At present there
is one. If the Regents were divided in re
ligious belief a.i is the population of Cali
fornia, there should be six or seven Cath-
Of course, it may be said that Regents
are selected for their administrative abll
itv not for their religion. If the statement
is' not true, it should be true. But surely
administrative ability is not entirely lack
ing among Catholics. If I put a hundred
marbles into a bag. seventy-hye of them
red and twenty-five white. If I carefullj
shake these marbles together and then,
without looking, pick a -«|o*en. at random
it will be a most extraordin%ry thing if I
happen to draw out twelve red. If from
time to time I continue to^draw from the
bag and draw only the red ones the phe
nomenon will be still more extraordinary.
Yet this is precisely what happens in
Berkeley. It may have come about with
out design, but that it did is in the high
est degree improbable. •
in the second place, there is only one
Catholic -professor in" Berkeley.. I do not
know thr number of the faculty, there
fore I cannot say what the natural per
centae«» «hould bo. There are one or two
Cathoifc instructors and a few employes
but altogether the number of ,>£ tn ;?'£ s
drawing pay from Berkeley could be com
nuted on the lingers of one hand.
Again it may be said that professors are
not chosen for religion's sake but 'or
iparnine Perhaps so. Still heTe is a curi
ous phenomenon. When any religious de
nomination forms a certain P e f r « nta Sf e^
the population you will find that^unless
there are disturbing causes the same per
centage prevails in the various avocations
of the population. Doctors, for Instance,
are not supposed to receive their degrees
for religious knowledge; lawyers certainly
do not; and there is a strong suspicion
that business ability is not always con
sequent on church membership, let if
we make a religious census of the pro
fessors we will find that its results closely
approximate to the results of a general
census of the whole population. Thus in
San Francisco half the. people might be
called Catholics of some sort, and as a
matter of fact half of our . doctors and
lawvers may be claimed as Catholics by
some title. The same percentage holds
true of the school teachers. It may be
accidental that Berkeley is such a con
spicuous exception to the rule,
Berkeley was in the beginning a private
sectarian college which was handed over
to the State. The original professors were
to a great extent clergymen, and there Is
a historical reason, therefore, that so
many of the professors to-day should be
ministers of the gospel. I know there are
certain narrow laymen who think a
preacher or n. priest has no rights. Though
preacher and priest bear all the, burdens
of citizenship, there are some who think
that priest and preacher have no knowl
edge of citizenship.- Against such an in
justice I have at 'some cost to my
self protested, and I believe that the
No. 2— In this series of three articles written specially for The Call, the pastor
of St. Peter's parish deve ops ihs argument on education made before the graduates
of St. Mary's College. . .
By Rev. Peter C. Yorl<e.
On the A ttitude of State University
he- gets ready to go. The. question is, why should
there be so much rigor in one case and such easy
yielding in the other? • *
There are countries in. the world where private citi
zens are compelled to wait in fear and trembling be
fore the officers of the law while military dignitaries
stalk along unchecked. We do things differently in
San Francisco. Here the private citizen receives the
honor of a submission on the "part of the law, while
the Major General is treated without any distinction
whatever. Instead of a tug and a special car to speed
him on his journey, he gets a vaccination and an
order to stand aside and wait.
Just why these things should be so is doubtless
capable of an easy explanation, but we shall not at
tempt it. Suffice it to say the people of the United
States have a cordial welcome for the General who
has directed our armies and upheld the cause and the
flag of the country in the Philippines, and it behooves
San Francisco, through her officials and her repre
sentative bodies, to make that welcome manifest here
at the gateway of the republic. General Otis has
served the nation with fidelity and with honor, and
merits every mark of consideration that can be given
him.
; ; j^||r^^^.:: (gall,
¦SATyRQAY^;- ;^..;v : :U;;'..i. ;.::/. JUNE 2. rooo
Js:J&HX : '& .SPRtCKELS. Proprietor.
AddW.A 1 Com-^umcajnns to W. S. LEAKE. Mara;«r.
PIHLICATION OFFICE.'.MttrUet mid Third. «. F.
Telephone >lalu 1S6S
CDlTorUAt. nOOMS.-.-ilT to SSI Steremo* St.
. ¦ Telephone Mr lit 1S74.
Dell vered : fer Carrier*. IB Cent* l'er Weelt.
¦ .SiuKlf Cople*. 5 Ceut«.
/•".'!V; '""r.Term« l»r Slail. including J»o«t»«re»
¦ UAifcT .': CAI -L (Including Sunday), one year WOO
PAJl/T CALL, ilncludlr-c BaaOmy), 6 months »-W
DAIL.T. CALL dncluaicg; Eunday). 3 month* *•?>
T>AILY CALL— T5y Single Month.... •*••
fOJ.NTMY.CAlX- One T>ar, *V
"WECKLY CAiX One Year... Lw0
r: Ail postmasters are imthortxed to receive
inscription*.
V : ' ; ; • Jfeampje ecples.wlJl be fcrwar^ed when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE. ........... .Ill* Broadway
: 7.C. "GEORGE KROGNESS.
¦¦'Miif^er Fo/eign Advertising. Warquette Building, Chicago.
¦ : . (Loos Distance Telephone "Central 2613.*")
L-' C?fpw TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C'C'VCARLTCJN Heraid Square
: •• •¦ .NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
:'.STtPHEN : S. SMITH 3D Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
•¦'••:¦'¦ ' : ei»na<in House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
firmest llcuse; Auditorium HoteL
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
•Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaao. 31 Union Square;
Murray Elfl] HoteL
WASHINGTON -D. C> OFFICc Wellington Hota
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspondent.
BHAXCH OFFICES— Err Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
vr.i'A 9:50 o'c! .ck. SCO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
tlcAUifter. o^n until 9:50 o'clock. C15 Larkln. open until
t:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Bixte«r.th. cpen until S o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
uatil i o'clock. lflC Eleventh, open until S o'clock. XW cor
ner Twenty -aocond and Kentucky, open until I o'clock.
So it has passed into a tradition that Tammany
shall not elect a President of the United States and
inoculate the Federal Government with the fetid in
firmities that have made New York a political stink
pot all over the world.
In 1896 Tammany split its seasoned throat in war
whoops for Bryan, and all the Democratic States
within reach went for McKinley.
Tilden, and so near rui electoral majority that Con
gress had to devise novel machinery and rather too
novel methods to find a majority for Hayes. In 1880
Tammany turned up at Cincinnati shouting for Han
cock, who -.vent glimmering, a beloved ghost, into
the land of political spirits. In 1884. at Chicago, Tam
many tore out its own scalplock, soaked its war
painted body in sour mash, chewed tobacco and
swallowed the chaw, in fighting Cleveland, and when
Iron Brigade Bragg of Wisconsin looked at the gang
and cried out. "The country loves Cleveland for the
enemies he has made," the applause rang from ocean
to ocean, but Tammany would have given half its
treasury for a chance to burn the speaker at the
stake. It fought Cleveland through the campaign and
he was elected. It fought him again in 1R88 and beat
him by treachery in New York, and in 1892 it put
Bourke Cockran forward to fight him again, and fight
he did until 3 o'clock in the morning, when the con
vention nominated the ex-President on the first bal
lot and the country elected him on the second.
One of the big chiefs. Mr. Coogan, a red man from
Tipperary, has offered to stake the combination in
the sum of $100,000. good and lawful money won in
New York politics, to be doubled in Federal politics
if Bryan is elected. Sweet peace reigns in the party
councils. Tammany is appeased, and at one with 16
to 1, and putting up money on it like a man.
The situation suggests reminiscence and retrospec
tion. Since the war no Democratic candidate sup
ported by Tammany has prospered. That or
ganization backed McClellan and he was beaten. It
secured the nomination of Seymour, and he was re
jected. It shouted for Greeley, and he was beaten
and died mad. In 1876 it opposed Tilden and fought
him tooth and claw. At St. Louis in the national
convention of that year John Kelly, then chief of Tam
many, stubbornly contested every inch of ground with
Tildcn's supporters. He poured out the vials of Tam
many wrath on the Governor's head and never surren
dered. The result was a large popular majority for
Since then Croker and Brya'n have chummed, and
the wily Tammany leader is convinced that he can
run the Federal Government by proxy as well as that
of New York, and that Bryan is the man. So Tam
many, with uplifted hand, has sworn that it will true
allegiance bear to the Populist nominee and all his
works.
WITH much ceremony, form and conjuring, and
also with oaths taken on the point of its knife
and the edge of its tommyhawk, Tammany has
sworn to support none other than Bryan, and, for
saking all others, to cleave unto 'him until defeat
For a time it was supposed that Mr.. Croker
"leered" elsewhere for a candidate. After he grasped
control of Greater New York, with Judge Van Wyck
acting as his proxy, he showed signs of fondness for
the other Van Wyck as a Presidential nominee. It
it said that he went so far as to call the Saratoga
conference, of last August, as a sort of coming out
party for his proxy's brother, and started from his
horse barn, somewhere in Kent, to reach the meeting
and. introduce the coy debutante. But he was met
down the bay by a party of Tammany braves, who
said something to him with a freshly baited breath,
and Croker, King of New York, walked down the
gangplank shouting for Bryan. The conference at
Saratoga lost its strength quicker than if it had over
used the mild aperient waters of that resort, and the
members fared homeward, marveling why they had
been called out at all. It is said that the message
which changed Croker was to the effect that the
Van AVyck government of New York' is ab$ut all
of the Van Wyckedness that the country can stand
at one time* and it was not politic to fatigue the whole
family with the cares of government.
TAMMANY'S CHOICE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 2, 1000.
6
Mtjsiaid Bryan has announced a willingness to let
bis running mate this year, provided
th£. Democrats of the State agree in making the se
'•ertjon. and it is safe to say that if there be anything
that Tammany wishes just now. short of writing
.jit-. platform and naming the Presidential candidate,
VSrysn will consent without blushing-
;•: if .the- present complications in China and the ri
• »T-"ry -..between Russia and Japan are arranged and
; ¦<e»tled without recourse to war, the world will be
: tfinto believe Salisbury' was right in saying the "con
vcct-t of Europe" is something .more : than a name. In
;fart. ; if the concert keep the peace for another year
:.it m?y be said io beat the band.
There is isorriething significant in the change which
the British tnad<; in the: name of Orange Free State
when ;. JL'OTd... Robert js annexed it. It is nxv.v to be
known.' : as. Orange River State. -It is no longer fre*.
.• Mr. Hearst's paper, it) .this city announces that he
has been, suggested as a good man for the Democrats
to • nominate , for the' Vice Presidency., and .here's
hoping he may get it. Ssp ;
| rn MOXG the news items of yesterday was one
[ I \ which began in this way: "Like a Peri at the
i gate, General Otis is waiting to get into the
i country. He may be allowed to land in one or two
j days, but it is more than probable it will be Sunday
J or Monday before he leaves the transport. Much
; depends on how long it takes the General to 'take,'
• for until his vaccination shows signs of doing busi
! ness he will have to remain a passenger on the Meade.
I It may be, however, that the General is immune, for
; vaccination is as common to an army officer in the
; Philippines as a Sunday dinner, and in that case if
| he run over time he will be let go anyway. So the
j problem of the General's landing is somewhat patho-
I logical. |
Among the news items of the loth of last October
I was one that began thus: "Alfred Gwynne Vander
i bilt, younger son of the late Cornelius Vanderbilt,
| stopped on his tour around the world by the news of
j the death of his father, arrived in San Francisco har
j bor yesterday afternoon on board the steamer City
I of Peking. Almost before the quarantine and cus
toms officers had completed their duties and before
the vessel had reached her dock the heir to most of
! his father's millions was whisked on a tug by waiting
! friends, carried across the bay to Oakland mole, con
; ducted to a palatial special car and guarded from in
; trusiori until he was started eastward at the end of
The two stories present an interesting question con
cerning the flexibility of quarantine regulations in the
hands of officials strong enough to bend them. Otis
I is an officer of the United States, holding the rank of
'¦ Major General, and is now on hfs way from the field
! of his service in"; Manila -to confer with the President
I upon the military situation there. He arrives at this
! port ajid finds the quarantine law absolutely rigid.
The quarantine officer is unbending. He bows not to
the rank and dignity of a Major General nor con
i cerns himself with the urgency of military matters,
i The General has to. wait, and while. he is waiting a
I yellow journal of the city caricatures him in a coarse
i cartoon marked "Quarantined." Young Vanderbilt
i is a private citizen, who has rendered no service to
the country and is not expected to render any. .He
arrives at this port and the law droops before him.
The quarantine official kow-tows to him and a tug
takes him from the steamer as soon as in his leisure
J. B. Crow of Crows Landing; Is at the
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento is at
the Grand.
" J. R. Garnett, a merchant of Willows, is
at the Lick.
John Sparks, a cattle man of Nevada, is
at the Palace. ¦ •
' M. Silver, a banker of Los Angeles, is
at the Palace.
Guy A. Buell, a lumber man of Stock
ton, is at the Grand.
W. P. Netherton, an attorney of Santa
.Cruz, is at the Lick.
Lieutenant Scott and Mrs. N. B. Scott
are. regist ered at the Palace.
A; E. Butts, N a mining man of Spanish
Ranch, is stopping at the Occidental.
A. H. Schnabel, a fruit canncr and
packer of Newcastle, is at the Grand.
Mrs- W. M. Hawley and son of Santa
Barbara are stopping at the Occidental.
John Markley, Bank Commissioner,
came down ¦ from Geyserville yesterday
and is registered at the Lick.
M. Hochhelmer, a merchant and poli
tician of. Willows, accompanied by his
wife, is stopping at the California.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, June 1.— F. W. Marvin of
San Francisco is at the Plaza: Dr. Alfred
U. Crofton pf Pasadena is at the Hoffman;
H. K. Wylie of San Francisco is. at the
Empire. _i
WASHINGTON, June 1.— Rev. Dr.
"Wakefleld and Miss "Wakefield of Sari
Jose are at the National. Mr. and Mrs.
George T. Pope and daughter are at the
Arlington. K. D.Vandcrlip and wife and
T. D. Connelly and wife are at the Rlgg3
All are from San Rafael.
Custom Receipts for May.
Collector Jackson reports the customs
.collections for May at $550,786 25.
EVERY DOLLMR
TOU IXVEST IN
OPHIR OIL STOCK
will be devcted to actual de-
velopment of the property.
The officers of the company
draw NO SALARIES and aro
not dependent on stock sales
for a livelihood. The company
Is organized to
...GET OIL...
'. : and establish a business of
profit. Some stocks are dear
at any price.
OPHIROILSTOCK
Is cheap at Its present selllnjr
price.- Fully vaU\ and non-
assessable. Call or send for ;.;
'•,, prospectus.
OPHIR OIL COMPANY
Mills Building, San Francisco.
Los Angeles Office, 402 Douslas Block.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR OOLD DREDOlNO PUMPS
t/ni\f 11 Were successful at Nome last
KKUvJll >f»r. All cthen failed. In cpera-
tloa dally. 9 Stevenson «t.. 3. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
lirrCAU GcId dredging pumps. th« only
JALIVoUil successful pump manufactured.
625 Sixth st.. Pan Francisco.
OOLD SEPARATOR.
Eureka Separator and Amalgamator; pan mo-
tion; In operation 28 Beala st-
ENGINES.
In ttock. steam, gas. irasollne: full line: mfrs.
prte««. American Mfra. Atsn.. 20 Fremont.
TANKS.
TANKS— Pacific Tank Co., manufacturers. 13
Beat* St.. S. F. ; S43 E. 2d St.. Los Angeles.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and 1st sts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. d. F-
AUCTION SALES.
By Cease & Mendenhall-Thls day. at 1^2 Market street.
Ilorvos. • -
AMUSEMENTS.
¦
, TlvoJl— "The Three Guardsmen."
.'¦.-..Grand Or*ra-house — "1492."
\ '. Alcazar— "A Fur«»rfiuous Husband."
. ¦ Columbia— "Wh^ri We Were Twenty-one."
i : California— "Captain Twlft."
c-lymjiia. corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
•. -. Oiutfs. Zoo an-1 Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
Fis. her' s— "Lucia" and "Huguenots."
l:ecreation Park— Uasebfill.
': Kutro Haths— Open n'.ehts.The Chtneie are said : to have used
clocks £00 years befor* the Christian era.'
! " ' '• -X:'" '-. i//: :¦¦¦¦ '" - ; ' ' '
HoitVisi^oys Graduate^
The commencement eiercises at;;lTol.tt ! 9
School took place Ia«t Wednesday. -iGeflrge
C. Boss delivered r an instructive: (idd-ress!
to the class upofi-VThe Value of Edbc'atioTi;
From a Business ; Man's : Standppfht."
Georpe H. Clark; Walter Q. : Howetl, -Ray
mond C. Jackson^ Daniel.G. . Grant: and
Stuart L,. K. : Taylor .-wefe-A Warded diplo
mas Notwithstanding . the- setback; by
fire last year, this i school is xiovr, beUer
equipped than ever and Tanks. among' the
best schools for boys and. young menv . /
REAL ESTATE NEWS
.< s =jj=!rIE salf;s hf. local realty last month
• j ... amounted ; ; tb^ neiarly $2,000,000. The
. total,. !as estimated by Thomas Ma
-.-; gfe..&; Sons' Real Estate Circular,
was $l,r«2O,?3p. ; ; ;The sales numbered 321.
¦'< Tjie article '-.pays-: ."The d.emand for
business pr.ciperty • was. not confined, | as -it
berotofpre mostly jrmsbeen, tOrletall prop
iett^- on or. .liprfb.'.and-'.w^t off and close
to : " 'jMaVkVtfl . street. .. -The. wholesale dis
..t.rtt't^'an •.atlsj^tm' :or"' on- the. other' streets;
: ;fp<)'m.. Fremont :'¦ .tjtf . ¦S^euarj,-- -apd -.between
1 - and iripiu'ded in tn «
:?^eMa.hd; r ".as'v' vr.etf- .-.rtJv'< tt»e -tetcioty and
¦r?\0ir.ehoujie;.:d|strics;; 'trptn : MiSsioii to Fol-.
-^m^and^f EpnVFJhst '*:*¦& " Steiiriirt. streets.
jiSfc^FxJitfclsco-, js.'^rpwing .(je^plte- :dfy
j-^^--i).laR4i : $;'Sfaros-i'and"''" : hl|rh^ i UjX4« and
1j'q4 yftole|ale 'and-ifsicjtoryidistrlrtt! wilLnot.
«»nilnuo :. to" be: eortJlned to -its: pres-etit
: h.n}ii;eid t -qu'a'rte'rs, ¦; ! : •'-.•':! - 1' '; .- !".;:"'•! '••' i ¦'¦'.':
,Xi > 'T^fe" ; i^^jprac.ti;paily.; nk) property; ' for
«ifettn J&jt^fet Virgil-, northwest jof -Sixth
a^a^Tayiprv'-rtor.. on. the' streets' :north ¦ arid
y^ipsX\ of ¦:>la.rKet!.candiclb&e./tci..^hat:"- great
i ii<i-i oiig^fa*e/ ¦: tt \ anyV prppoitit- were' .o^
;fe^.|^re/^.a;nyithlhg^li^e;f:air jpri^es at
wisjild>cll.ireadily; ; .; :: '':.'^. •*':¦:*'••* v- 8 ''
.'¦ ' ;?JThe.'re'"V}s-. :: A J.uU,. : ib ; r natural; : at- tho
•sSijye'Xi V of t;hei'sv r ni.mer seasorii :lh : the de^
:rnarid .for lar^e. .fessfdR.nceis arid;: expensive
Te-iid^nc'eMtijts.' "Lots/, and ¦ houses: i and
iofe.-at $^.!P''to .$0009 -sell : :abciUt: as' \ they
hi^e "been, pcllittg,. slowly and with no ad
vanc-e as y^t. In prices.".; " • ¦.:¦.
¦ The sables were distributed ;by sections
as. Vfoliowj?'' • : Potrfro ? 12 : lots, Value $81,200;
MJ^bn .Addition : 124,' value $214,000; West
eriri "Addition/ 61,-. value ."$qs9.69S; South San
FraDcisco '-33, value *34,">2; outside lands 45,
valtife $40,«75; tax t'skeleton": and black
.niiill titles numbered 4 and brought $074.
Thte great bulk of the transactions were
in: the fifty-varas and JOU-varas as fol
16W?: Fifty-varas 39; .'.value -"$379,100; 100
varas Zi, value- $2W,lf>9. .The table, of mort
gages and releases; for May prepared by
Mr;. Magee is as follows:
Peterson, for a three-story frame build
ing of six flats on the north line of Eddy
street, .52:6 east of Franklin'; cost $21,010;
Emlle Boesch with J. B. Pene, all work
except excavating and brick work for a
:one.-storj- and two-story frame building
«n .the north line of Tehama street, ISO
?«t west of First, cost $11:67; • Hale Bros,
with Wybro-Hendy. contractors, for elec
tric wiring of : their new,, building ort
the south side of Market" -street, brtw'een
Fifth ajid Sixth./cost $3000;- . : Mrs.." Sophlo
Aggers :with:. Edward Gfnley/all work ex
cept plumbing; painting and electrical
:w.o.rk" for a -two-story : attic: and; base-.
merit ¦: frame; hulkling on' the west Uine -of
¦Httjtner, -"82:tJ.. south .oX .McAllister. " coist
S44s.S;^Mahony ¦-, .^ros... : Fubreontfactof*!:
Jvi^h. Duffy Bros.,. 6ub^c6i)fr4ctors,( plumb.'
in (?;;.. gfirtittln'ji": for sddiUonsUw ¦- iv>16uif?.
?ti>.ry : brick building on :tHe: west- side 6f
Montgomery; direct, npar Itush. cast "•$1325-;=
¦it..':. B. Jennings with.- Wiisbn '¦'& Long, ¦ tisv
"|V'-.tw.o.-sstflfy.. and: basement': frame- BuUcJ
ing., on ; the west line of ,Devi$u<lerd • streetl
¦W:b south • of .: Grove,- . cost;: >4Sitf;:i- : l'-rank
August. P^tzold for lathing
•ffi«U;- I ? 1{!St?irllTB " :on three-^tory: i : f-rame"
Vmildin.g on narthr line -"of; -Eddy street, -5a:t>
*a^t of l'>anklinv- cost- J1174. : . £¦¦¦'¦ .- •:• i
V JTiortgngpg . of ' the wdok " represent
comparatively: Pmall '.anjountsJ. The
largest, are:.;. -Mary and ..Hetlie Ml
mnnn. to the Hftternta gavinss and. Loan
mctety, ;two; pieces, one on the south lihe
£^?S^?- .l lreet < ?2 :6 we ? !t :of '- t>a hklin, :
a : nd . the; other on the east .line .»f SfiVr
fiT«i?^?i tt !' 25 et east, of Natoma, for
*ib,.!W, Anna -B,- Andprson and Isaac R
HaU to the; Hlbcrnla Savings and Loan
Society south line of Geary street, 69;!»
west pf Leayenworth, and. also southeast
!Sw2«! °L G * ary ana I-aguna streets, for
M.000 ; The mortgages from May 25 to
May 31, inclusive, numbered fifty-one and
amounted to $159,322. The full release.",
• n : the. same period, numbered fiftv-flvp;
and amounted to $206,D5C. The larger re
jp'ases to individuals were: German Sav
ings and Loan Society to Orrin S. and
Delia Carvel, property on Golden Gate
avenue, ¦ Castro. Army and Callforniii
streets," .$11,009; -German Savings and Loan
Society to John H. Pohlker and. Minna
Pohlker, property on Howard, Powell and
Capp street?. $33,000; Cnion Trust Com
pany to VittorUj Menesini. south line of
Post street, 137:6 east of Stockton. $16,000.
While: the general interest rate has been
6. per cent, one loan on reality was re
corded at 5 per cent and. one at: 9 per
cont. In brith of these instances the
mortgages : were to individual : money
lenders. Teh deeds of: trust were record
ed within the period Indicated, amount
ing in total to 18*5,750. The largest was
executed by .William and Hannah 'Wilson
to the Union Trust Company, the amount
being . $70,000. The property is on tho
south .line of Post street.- 137:6 east of
Stockton, 45:10x120. The deeds placed on
record numbpred 128. ; " ;. . :;
Among thfe; late sales reported by Burn
ham' & Marsh. Co. • are. the' following:
Charles I-. Ay'ers to Mrs. SI. E. Daniels
for $16,509, tho.. southwest corner of Devis
adero and Page streets, lot 32x100, with
store and. three flats; Mrs, M. E. Lianiels
to Charles L, Ayersfor $10,000, the liiirth^
wept corner of-. D<evisaderq ¦ and :. Page
StreetsV lot " : S0"xl0" .- and /two-story' 1 resi
dence: Mrs." Mi Thorn, to Michael =Terpey
for %3i6O, for two flats on Oak street, near :
Central avenue,. :wMh lot JSx-luo: 'Mrs- J
Lihdo to.WiHiani Gcllospiofor $r>30Q, two
etory residence; and) stable aiid lo.t y 43x137.
onSu'tter street.. near : Doylj»ndoro; :T H'
Dey.to Jens Pi Nissjim:-for ##00, lot 70x100
ttj>(t three pottages jon ca.4t Hne.of; il^aker:
s;tlre«?t;i J!0 feetROUthVof Fultoii. '¦¦ '¦ " ' ¦
-Lyion .*: Hong report the following: tealest-
T. WJ Fisher tp;-.Mrs. E; TA, •Vlsli***': the
Stores' and flats- on? the southwest cornec
of Fifteenthi- and. ;Noc streets, for'JTOOOr
l<5t'.5Oscl?A on.-'tho'w^st side; of Twchty
'fl-fth "-avpn'uei'ISO feet south ."."of -CLempnt
street; $700; Uot 50x100. -:feet. fpn th(?" west
8fde>.of .Mlnnpsbta. street, -"325 -feet north- of
Twenty-second,, bought by Charles Merger*
price $2200; two lots., each =26x114 " feet, on
the poxith slde>Of; T,werity-flft)i striiet. 10S
teet-west of Diamond. $C5<) each: lot! 25x103
frctf on tlie South side of Green street, 175
feet:- west' of Pierce; $i. - jp0;rl6t 50xl2ft .fp'ef
dh tho west iside off Eleventh avehjfo,": n&j.
feet; north of ¦.California street. $1300-. lof
on tho; west side of Alpine. Street. botWcea
Thlrteehth and Fourteenth. Streets:' 25x90
feet. $S50; lot 23x100 .feet, ontli.e north side
of FTederickistreet:, 1106 tciet west. of Shra*
dcr.-$I750:- two :.fla.ts5 on-west;- Ride nfTr(>r:
rhont avenue; between .Waller and I-7rederv
ipk. streets;: $3#0> '¦-..: ¦'¦ : ..: ;;'•.;:: ','U'. " . : «
. iiThe exclusive agenjeyjior tho Coritlrtental :
Insurance Cftrrinanyj of New york : :for the
ciitics'pf Qakl.'jnd,' Alamed.-i: find. Bcrkcify
fia$':b(-eri placed: with -George W.'. ¦Austin;
& Co.; :the newly .established reat ¦estate
flrni", at 100S Brpadway-, neKr Tenth : =stTeet, :
Oakland.' Th&offlqe parti, of this '¦¦ firm's
business is handled; by .Jaines J.lMcCop
rieilV who is the silent partner: of. thj? ftrni.:
-Tlie Laymftrice Real- Estate. C^tnpartyi
will 'sell ;at auction; to-day- in Oakland a
number, of Improved and-«rijniprbv<s<il Oak>
land properties;, including: 1 .Rome
menia oh easy .payjrients. i The principal
itejftin the catalopUf,. is- f-h'?-"Starr--. man?"'
fiion: corner : of: Fifth ayemifc and Easii
Tenth 'street; :«'ii«J building/- lots, anjolnlngj
cbmprlsln;r the S.tairr estate:- ' Thgre. .axel
also/selected residence: slt^s in .Eas,t".Qaki.
land- and Golden. Gate;. iDcarhe flats oh
Sixth Ftreet/ near .C.aEtro.' : att East Oak
land business block- and a4nuniber of ele* ;
gnnt residences j in East; .Oakland, arid
BerkeWy*' The salf? v.-ill' faKp plaire./at :2
O'clock at -460-462 Eighth *t&J^$®£ V
¦ IJaldwin & JIowcB reporit the; following
sales: North forner Seventh -andr Clev#|
lartd streets, 25x75,- $4000;. w'est siae.-Tenth
sivenue. south: of Q street; 58:8x120,- SSOflr;:
west Bide of Whitney,: 200: south of Thir
tieth, 60x125,' $800:. ; northeast: corner "of
Twenty-sixth and. Fair Odks. streets; S5i
125 $450Q' southeast corner pi Sanchez and
Twent>fvfifth : streets;, 228x25.- U.4x75,"{ 114x101.
with improvements,- $15,000.;.- west ;side- of
Tenth: avenue, north of. N ' Btreet» ; .. 25x120,
Will Be Married To-Day.
:ment to the Goldsborough is considered a
:hlgh compliment and a fitting return for
splendid courage and excellent service.
COGSWELL COLLEGE.
Thirty Young Persons Complete Their
Preparation for Active
Life.
The annual commencement exercises of
the Cogswell Polytechnic College took
place last evening in the assembly hall of
the college building at Twenty-sixth and
Fplscm streets. The hall was crowded
with the relatives and friends of the grad
uates, and the scene .presented was a bril
liant one. Oscar Lewis presided, and the
diplomas were presented by W. H. V.
Raymond, superintendent of Instruction
at the college. Frank J. Symmea delivered
an address to the graduates, and there
were some very pleasing musical numbers.
A chorus of . twenty-five voices proved a
great 'attraction, and Misses Flora and
Rose Edwards rendered a pleasing piano
duet. . ' ¦ • •
Essays were read by the graduates as
follows: Anna: C. . Meany. "Education
Among the =Ancient Greeks": Maud L.
Walker. : "A Cup of Tea."; Georgia C. Mac
pherson, "On the Threshold; Twenty
Years After"; Conrad B. Christensen,
"The Evolution of the Wheel"; Lulu
Schwartz. "Newspapers: Their Origin and
History"; Alice Francisco, "Find Your
Own Niche"; Frances Keyser, "General
Review of the Government of the United
States"; Jessie M, Hood, "Political and
Industrial tTonditions in Nw Zealand";
Emily M, Armstrong. . "Alexander the
Great and iGeorge Washington." The
graduates are as: follows: .¦"¦¦
Ironworkers': course^'Frank Baker, Peter H.
Burnett.- ' . .;. ; . ' '.- .'• : - •
Draughtsman's, course — Conrad B. Christen
seri.- •• <:¦- :•:-, .¦;•;.::''
pt)mo8tlc ¦ 'seierjde course — "Alice -Francisco,
Francfe Keysen.Oeorglia C. Macpherson, Lulu
Schwartz; • Maiade II*- Walker. .-'..- '.". . ..
r-StenoKfapners" course^ K.milyvM. Armstrong.
tirice' L/:iJedgoo<l:, Emily A; pcllisle, Fannie
K."-i3i.a.n<>y,; Js Caspar ' Brtyey. CH.to R, \ Gurtaz.
.Ti-.«Hi>- Myrtle "lloorl, AUce M.- Hughes,- Amber
ii,' ' Johnson. Qra M. Kern, . >.<!?! 'a N. "'McAdoo..
Anna. C. Meaoey. -Laura Mey«"n Klla. M. Mit
chell . Annie iFMufray. Kiltie G;- Murray, Mar
¦Raret-'I^ O'Rftere, Harriet :a, Ev'rOlsMh Adeline
C.^rilyflioKpl.. -• Elizabeth M... SafxJer. May.
Geotjrfa. S^rnrak,- ¦ Wary .It. Slrapera, Ethel M.
M..;Stevefns(>rr>!. : . • ' -.::. ¦ . ' •¦' .¦¦¦.-.¦ ' '.' -¦ '"••.-¦
We do not employ Chinese or handle
Chinese made goods of any kind. J. M.
Litchfield & Co. *
.frv? T 4 o'clock to-day Miss Bessie Code
•//:\\ will become tho wife of Lieutenant
lf~~§, Commander Reginald F. Nicholson
. : .-..' of the torpedo-boat destroyer Golds
borough. It istpbe n quiet wedding and
,«nlj' the most . intimate friends ot the
contracting parties will be present at the
ceremony.: It wac to have been a most
.elaborate; affair, but. -Government orders
tnterff red with the plsna of the happy
couple and the : wedding, which was to
have been solemnized later in the season,
•Ws'.perforGe : 8et fqr-thla afternoon.
Hey. Mr. Church of She Irving Institute
of which school the bride is a graduate,
will perform the ceremony. - There will
be; no bridal, attenriams; The bride will
wrar a rnaffnificent gown of pale gray
,.i=ilk. elaborately trimmed with lace
Immediately after tho wedding Lieuten
ant Commander;^Nicholson and his bride
will sail far Seattie. where Mr. Nicholson
Will tako charge of the Goldsborough on
its. trial trip..
;Ueutenant Commander Nicholson was
navipatins: offlrer of the Oregon on her
rnrmorablo ;15.0(X)-milc«Jkoyage around the
Horn to the Atlantic station to participate
in the destruction Of . Cervera's fleet. Re
centlv he was in command of the torpedo
boat Farragut at" Sausalito. , - ¦
Lieutenant Commander Nicholson en
tered the Annapolis Naval Academy in
1S69. • He was made midshipman three
years later, ensign in 1874 arid lieutenant
(junior gTade) in 1SS3, being, advanced to
a. full lieutenancy in 18S6. He was ordered
to the Monterey in 1893, Thetis in 1S95 and
the Oregon ; in 1897. His latest appolnt
»»?$>? »-»-^r»-^-»-4>r-»-»-»-^-»-<; M)
-^W^ijt kitl ¦gTaau^tes weye' In jhelrelc
vnfpt at the : Collesc Ot J<otre" T?anie yes
terduy..They;w-ere.:-Ures5edinJwhite^ gowns
.'thr-lr w?ayjs "-ot. hard study, were; passed.
Jvi»iM.S ".faced ' ; 8iptcrs o$- :Mercy :¦ [ flitted
iround. tl pvhall^arrf'itJ. soft' vplces thanked
;K hn*e : who . were. . BhowertTig". con^ratuia
liors ijpf'h ;ihcci for gh^n ff so. -many ac
<orn;^ij;hnients ;to. -thtir pupils. The hall
:«!¦ CrPWdedwith'ihe parents and friends
¦a?X.; the: .gra^iiattc.s; : . : The thuslcal'ahd IHer
reriv^rften.ainment^was.^xcftleiit.'and the;
•r.>Vern'es;s xit ;^he 'j-oungr ladies Vho' par
tit-ijifit-t^d¦.cri?4t.e4:. < w<inder.aiid words of ap
¦¦proyati;-;;.".;;"••"•'- : '¦••',¦: 'i :'.'¦'¦¦ : '... : - : '- ;'¦'.: '.- '¦¦ ?: ' }. ¦.
/ Perl^ps 4 he raost interesting and sienifl
cajit liKridfent ; f>t ihe ¦ >day ' was : the ; an : i
nounremerrl/ unofTiiciaily given, that ni?8:p
tiatinjLis between ithe authorities pf the
colLcpe >"atid: those ! of v" the S UniyersSty pf
i'a.lifqr.nia.- had..- bc- : en -cornpJene<J v t6 the
vffert. that. ; herieafjer..gTnduates of Notre
Dame will : -be ..accepted.; at Berkeley for
inatriculali«h-: wilhoui cXaittinatioo; . This
raeahs thai ;the; College of Xotre barae
'irill 'bocome-iihe'irf :the:schoyls accredited
;b>- tiie untycrsity g-». worthy of being acr
ceptcd . Jin: :in^tiiut|on of thorotighnessy
• Tiie iiijsiiifciiou .is one well; won. and is nat-,
u ra 1 ! y- u in a;t tor it» -en n gra ]t u 1 a t i on. 1 6 . the
:WortlijT woiijeii who -havt charge of the
ingtituiioti: iriid::to; the raany friends who
.are oijncerned in Axs. Welfare. \
¦Tiie : occasion .Was the ¦ twenty-fifth
nual ephirneiicenicTit -<>f ;the famous b<»lr
leg*.- -jCori.'a.' se^it-'4n -Jhe. : large hail coul-dt
be. had "iifter; . tlie^xercises cpcneS, and
even fetajidJnJr.rt<omjWM ial a premium^. A
largtV 'hunvber/tff .the. .CaihQUc. clef gj' vrai
:pr*-sO.r:t iii-V;i : irssist-cti. : 'crowning /.tlsc.
.y«5;utii5:- girie. Arfth -the.- •medals and • sashes.
Whirh/yeafisrpf :hard ; study entitled them
•(Eo wi^ar.v; '...-. Vr^h-i -4 "' ' '; ';¦) ' v : '. ¦¦•' :^ : - :^ : -
• The ex^rcJpes ; ppened with the; "Grand
Galojv <3e Ooii^rt ." t>y Hoist, ¦which Was
rf-rvSer^ - jhT<f:tif ullv oh • - live pianos ' by
Mif^es D:Mfr!e, f/i'riussan. M." Miller, M "
V'N' :i, C.'BayJe. \VL Harniyi M. Forbes;
A. ' Klee.herg, * .it : Pisioleai and E. Clarke..
Xbli vras follower! "by a recitation entnled
"tju;ilbe«o'6 - "Victory.'* given by t&isa M. :
O'Notl. -The'-yc-Jfal -cUtsses sang one . of
: <.ju:;j!i«ti*^ S'.^rt!«:i?. aft»T whirli Miss M.
ili'.i^r recit'#<J :"Sandali>hon." Hev. Father
»'¦:::!'¦>'. « v. Mt^sion- Dolores parish: then
eov.ivircd sracuation honors on Miss Eliz
al.eth iianrtrniah, Miss Apnes C. t'leary
and M>£rs Malre B. L*nnon.: The, medals
:aiid- hashes ¦ W«re plnnetl ; on : wmjid the
• hearty applause -of the audience; :The
"Marcfc <le. CJii*rre-' was- Fung by the
: Hiss( i A. -Burrs: G. • Knight. J. Craven;
T 1i-tt?rr< H I'is-tolesi. '. A. Kh-ebr-rg. C.
MuirgNr. M. F«x. 11. Fox. <i. McGov.rn.
C- Kitsr wi.I- liorw-stell. A score of Bted
a!? v.-^re . ilurn 'a warded to the gri(iu»tos
who .thawed" thr greatest proficiency tn
their various' *uic3ii~. ¦ ¦: t. : •:? '?-'-,»;¦' -
At tfce t.«Hic!usiun of a *=ong by the.VOcAt
rliiHsf-s prf'rnJirms were awarded .to r'-the
isBQSt srhnjariy numbers of the class: Efr;
k;iv> . were: reiiii by Mi?s A. Cksafj:.:on
¦ Wu<h'{r.fit(>n irvinp, Mi^s U, B. Lt-nhoit.^
l.'.' ".;•:. ...y ;,n:i Mi>s B Ban w fro an .on
rjHTrrW^rftirtl iiolmw. The papers Jshi^wed
t-'-i' ti •• vjck? Juries' had niafleia
y^cV :i«r»u's 'study -tiJ- their favorite autlw.rs,':
Th- Mis-r-s Mi'tttrrick. IX ; Alerle-.l^ere-;
h -\i. !; -'^n-f "«;'• O'Jonle played KOi^lnvs
j>i;.-.no.' ; "TJjt- '.>JiiMf : Klt piece was bea : UTifu/lr
ex#c«tJe4'4^ th«- y«i,!r.g la.lies. Whn*bowf4
-ihfijm** Jv-a • "c-oTCpct^pt perlormpr--? : o 7 > ,-jft.j
-!Xs, a fitting concteinn \o xhe.
era^mi! :an: overture by
:|.r^.r*-d «« riaho and harp .tyV?-
M1*S«£m: tvtrri.k. M. Uws, M. Mfl|frv-J^
( • • . -i M ; '.kori«'S, M. Puroell- E- Sreso
virfv Sl'*l fniMTi- <U. C^l*nian. E. Banner
¦"Kh^ S" "nit* V tKradui#^:
tnojaal : wfc?rcr5;:\ ¦;:•.. ¦: > '...- -;. :>;..¦;¦¦ : '^.,
Bo&rdiag Pupils.
Day Pupils.
mm r fc-SiM il, Kiix. Mi.-s M. Peter,;-. -,•¦ -¦
' V.v i A Lll^O ' Vi:v< "iTMHNT-S^er^W'
M MK>'}'Ii^-<i> : ASM* X»AnNlNG-<Jol<l: ! midai.
V tiki >t:u :-.fx:i». M^TNn^-rrc-mium^M^
M Mir>r. ¦M:^K'A.Klw.berg.:MlfS h~ »B|««i
>l:^^ tf>!arU«i Mifs M- MUti". . • - • : !-y-- -¦ '.
1.iijl DVUKfi- HKmUTMExr- T n-iwura-Ju
£t&; «ic»M th~1-.i1. "Ml?s itegin* Ilpftcrnan; vr.e
«r.*4.Mfr«..«£.V-T'«*\ Mi« M. Purcell. Mfc*
". . iHL-t.jric^Uss^p; fioH mMal. Mi!«J= M. Fiti^
¦£m.-. n: r i;rpmiurrif— Mi-PS-G. OT'ay. Mies >1. Me-
Mia h:. Cl*rke;. <l!stir,pruifh.>a-MlFS M..jFor.bes.
«il'i5* «¦!';: XH-ivmaWV Mifs M. Barrie. M.is? , A.
UtH)dr.'l(«)w; iIjss-.M. M<<lraJy. : • ; -..- : .
OOOI**. CSOICDKCl^Ftwt : jrratnmar visits:
>lc-da!. M.'Vf .IV Thfill: prmlutns-MlMK. Mc-
Caulfy.'liiw N. < - arr'jU; Mips i«. : McHqjh; <U«r
tin«at» i h» > <>T-Wi?s :-T. lv^enan. Mt?fi P. •¦lliissan."'
vep; preqtfltaig;. MlMt: M. O'.Connell. . Ml'« '¦ O.
.f.vhar.Sson: Mifis G. • Whittle; dl.stinrfii«)»^<l—
3iiat M.:.KTrl;>>v ; .vMies |W. tlarney, ; Ml«s X-
Thii<l-*^nuT;n:ar",«T»>ri' Mejal. MIsp.-K.Ra4
i-T'l; ¦ tfm'.nrtif— Mi^i<: N. Hla4f, MUp :M. M<.!
)^;t '\;te?J.- 31 ¦¦'.!. Mil-* C. H'-h'-^rtftrin, Miss iC.
OCtntipf. M!**v A.. Mr*'ortsiJok. Miss PJ Urut
pfh^r Mi«< I-i." -Cnrrotl. Mis» M..Hipki»y. Miss
M: Tl^afl ¦ >.Iis> 5i: Wiespenhuttpr. * iljss -N.
Fourth grammar ¦ cIasft: rrpmlums— MlSs' I.
i^tehiv >iips I- srcAr-M'', Mir» 8, Vtleweatfit
i, :j;is«.A: r -^ian&^sji. :Mjf.«,M. Flynn ; Miss £.
\'jf :h-:>r<». ' Mf!«« <i. ai-ftl-n/rny, ; Mir,» . B. "VVjatcrm.
iTiri" ' R.\ FWnafean, Xlisa G. . .nyaa. . MifiSr j M
jjeiai/.'&Ii'si; M: MiH**":; prendarna ¦ ' Mtif> , ftf . Me
fintf ¦ JiliSs' ; 3>i.' O'Nfil:. rjietinpruiehe^-^iliss K.
Mni« 1 f.'i5llF?.<5iVKa5eht MissvO. .O'pajr.7 • . ... -,-."
-~¥irr['\-m*4 pf-cond . pt«mmar UutaHwali
3!i»<r M.l;O"*'^ : »nTi»-ll : premiums— MIm K.;Ifc<:au
}¦'< '^.lirfi li.!iji:lnerni-. MIfs T. Kf^nsr*, MiacC
JsVst.. lii'sK'^f-. C|irroll>- Mls« C. iLajTehijailRS;..!*
O'CftWlOl".-; ¦•¦^¦i'li'/" '"¦;!:; ¦ ¦ ':•¦¦'. '? "»..'. '. ' •.'
¦ T.hilrd crajrrmar cla^s: M«"3al. Mtsji N. Mulrar*';
Anncuncenient Made^ Tliat This Iusti
tuUoniHts Been Placed on 'the ; - .-
V ' .tjij verisiiy :. Aiecredlted :{ ; -*\ ; ' ¦' .:• ' ;
:: •¦V'::-i : : '':': 'Vi'- r l-:' T-i^t.---;:';;; : > ; '-1i- ?£/£
u jtiii^ 3Exerois6s of jj$n- c
W :: t:y t-£ vent iSchooi. ¦ 3fcS ) •'
COMMENCEMENT
AT THE COLLEGE
O F NOTRE DAME
GOVERNMENT ORDERS
HASTEN THE WEDDING
"• The prop<*rt i» .on -tbei north side, of : Cali
fornia-street, ex'tentljnB.'frrim : th.e :Alvihza
HAyWanl ; pro'iSerty- to. :thc London and
Sait FranciFPO-; iBankjJhas; been" purchasea
t>v.ithe MfrcKnttle Trust. Companyi for
jlfi&QO&'j Oh^^l^ce ¦\» > ys : :sold-.by : the chil-'
drehctf AdolpIfSvjtrq and the other by the
SUn. Insurance qompany. i There ;are old
ijuiildinRM onlhe: lot*. i-.The p-rojierty has.
a frontage of :-30- feet on; Galtfnrnia street
wl th "'• a dRpttivd f.ll4 14^*, niid a;n routlet on
LeTdttsdorff =BtT?e£ ( £• .••;• :--p : }'j.y'i". : •"'•¦
¦;" %¦ ¦plx-StQit^j.-ahd; basement ¦ house will
be : -erected for th<i: JI:i V.; DerhJng estate
gn ; Ttirk.pt.reef "oh-- the-" nrtrtlj side, Just
Tke.kt ot B^sou&'tb he-Gonstrudteil qf stone,
pressed bficlt Anrl.ferra.eotta. ? There will
beta largo store, on the;erourtd:flpor and
thrt remainder; Tjritly be. ani apartment
house of-iop-'.roqms.- ' T.h'e" cost"-; Will- be
about tCofiQO. I:--".'; ?-v r';" ;" ;- : -";: ; . . .
riuilders!- coptracitB Tiave. been • Recorded
asTfollbwe; '^fariano Tor.tprfcJ with Luigi
euiiro ] atitl .ISiPfl •Ca.-yoplja. . for.i"a= . three
¦story. anil n/asernehf.jfTame awpTHhg on
the : vl-est'Hrte of Banhan.plaeinl Il7;6 north
of : !(ire?n Street; JanerK. pnd; Charles M.
TiWtfihaiw'-'vvltilT;: C.otlbhBrps. & Co;., J. W.
WLsslnser,. ". Tthpmjis;. ; Butler ! aiid 1L I*
Petersoni. : .jc«ntraetors,. :frtr foundations,
¦tarpenter ahd-mill wprk, joists; hang-ers^
rbyj?h arid flh]shcd;hara-ware,i brick work
and icranite; etc.,:rf.ot. a fourt-sjory and
[basement Tsrlck -building, tx> bd used as a
warehouse. ¦ oh • the "west :-side "6p\ Beale
street; total" ot icontracts. awarfl^l being
$:;X O/T; : James; L: ; 'Flood with Cqrilin " &
R.QbVrts,';iS*c§l8to* Redwood. Co>; ifortin.
cbppy;f> galvahiie<i; -iron work: and other
wofrkona thecer-stbry; and; basenj^nt resl
dei)r* ;on .thei narth.vUne of! IJraadway,
137i'4 wesrt 61' Buchanan street; .tlie total
bfihff : $J0,15y;?- F-. " Kronberef.-; ,T<-ith C-
Sctiutt, .^Vter^tion?! and addHidrtB to a
three-stfiry ¦ frame -.¦btfliaing oij the north
ea^t- .lfne of McAjllstieT street;" the cost
being -JSWiO;- SJustfnlari; Caire.; Co. with
.lathes A! Wilson, .for grading, (excavating,
co-hcrete, iron, masoirwork.T.stone :and
terra: cotta. yetc.^. f6r : a four-story and
'bafjement brick ¦•building on : tjie south
•eidb'.of Market '(Street; -ISO" feet, "east of
. Second street to ! cost " $35,144; -Alice D.
GatJld anfl '¦ Isabelle Van ¦ • Wlnklie.- with
•Pettei'son and Persson, contractors, for
.alterations and adaition3 to a three-story
and basement frame • building : on Mar
ket V- street,' 91:8 ;: feet east 6t : First,
cosit ' • J2Q00 ; A. " : Pe tzold with White
• Brother's, . Schrtuz & :Grundy and.. Martin
rremlumsT-MlFs C, Schoensteln.. Miss M. Mol- :
let.; MIm A. Kleet^-rir. MIfs L.. Carroll, Mi« G.
ft. : John. Ml.«e B. Radford. Miss J. lloll. Miss
M .Hlokoy. .Miss L. Prem, MIbs L.. Martin.
Fourth . firrammiir dam: Premium— Miss B.
Bujn«=; ditftlngulvhe4-^MIs? B. Watson. Miss E.
H^?'" 1^ Ml8s I- MPArdlr. Miss C. .¦ Mclnerny.
KXCL.LLEXCE IX STUDIES—Unrterpradu
atrp: • p p i(i medal.. Miss A. : Hums; premium.
Miss K: SoroernvdisitlnEuiFhod. Miss K. Keen
u^Ulii G. CV.TOoIe. . -: ¦
First rhetoric class— Medals, Miss E. MI1
>r. Miss ¦ 1L -MlUpr: preralums-MIss T.
Murphy, Miss A; Cresalia; distlnguished-MiRs
A.:.Mahonpy.:Misa C.: Mcl>on^ld, Miss M. Rosa.
Second rhrtoric ' :c1elkf— Medal.' = Miss- M
Mr<Jrady: premiums— Miss G. Knight. Miss
G.;:Rt. John. Miss G. MctJovern. Miss. A. Good-.
mlow; distinguished— Mif?M. Forbes. Miss M.
Fitzg:ibt»on: Miss: G.O 1 Day, Ml?s M. Carrie.
: First:, grammar class— Medal; Miss C; Mug
pier: preuilums— MIsf N. McCauley, . Miss L. '
MclBefBJr.-: ¦ ; ¦'¦':-' . -' • ' ';¦ ' ¦ ' •;*.-.. . '¦.,•• '.
"Second grammar class-^Medal, Mtss C., iliiven;
•difiiinpuiFhed— Miss M 6'COnndr.;- : ¦ . -' ¦ • ¦¦
: Th.^rd grammar plass^-Medal. Miss- M. ; Mol
= let; nrerniums— MiE? IE. Kadford, Mis* N':' Mulr
care. Mls-s Li.' Carroll. Miss '«. .St: Jb>h. Miss
¦G, ¦. J=cljo<pnstein. -; Miss ¦'-¦ A .- Jvloetierg ; rdistln.
(fuifhed-Miss N. BlaJde, Miss J. rlJoM, i\::~ ¦.:¦.
¦ Fvurth ;B.rarririiar : ' class— Medal, . Miss :.B
Burns'; iwmiums--Mts8 C.-Btanco.; 5£1» t Mc-
Atdle. . M'.rs ...E.: Val^lere/ Mjss C. : Mcltierny;
<!t w I nsol?l)«J— Miss B. \Va't*on.' : . .;. .¦':¦¦. ¦ ', ¦'¦
.M-ATirKMATlCS i-f tndersrradu^tes:" : Geom-.
etry— Pr*mium's,; "Miss K. ' Keman, .Mfss K.
Som<rr8;distinguUhc(l-tMS*s A. Burns. Miss T>.
otooi».- ; :{. :¦¦:•¦ ;•;¦ %y\- ;¦;¦.;. ¦.-'¦ ; : : .--:-':- . .'•
. ALOKRUA — • First rhetoric elaPP-r-Premir
urns. Miss E Miller^- MIf# A. ilahoneii Mi.?s
M. R6ff,. MIm i-;: McP'onalB;'' .".-¦. , ;:•:'•: : .
Peccnd : rl-.f-tpri;:- P.ftplum?.' ¦ Mis*. M.
r^arrle, Mtss ,51; M^Grady. : Mit=s G-: KntRlrt;
Mit=s • M. •'• ForlwH •dfetl.npatsiifd— MisS' .<>.- ' Me--
Govern. MJ.«s M.iFi't zif ibhorvj Miss' G. ! . ¦ O; •
; •XiMPCiSlTUrN— UnderKradiiates: . . Premium.
Miss A' Ijiiwi.'<.;;i 1 /5h't:f>FtanJ.-^Ml«H. K. .Sorn'rR.
- lihetorio r-ia?i'es : -(Vmlinnsf; Mies fi. Clark^,
Mips .E JJIHof; MissiM. MHler: distinguished—
¦»ll*s. AV-Xah.Wy.-'-Mles T... : Murphy. Mtss G.
cri'ay; MUV '<?: VMcGovern, "Miss &. -St. Johni
Mips M.-MrGraiii'.;- :' ¦¦:.::-; ¦¦¦¦,.. "':. ¦
(iROKR AN1) JTEATNESSIN- CrLASS. WORK'
T'n«1erc:rd.dna tf s r • PrPmiums^-Miss At. <*arricl{.
MIKs K. >fpfTerrian.-, MI?s rM. Poroell.: JJIps K.
Sotners. M.lsi' •: 'Mi Lawier,' Miss K. Keienan,
Mi»=s Q. JO:TonJ»^:- •«¦¦-¦ : : .. : '.:-: •' ••' :: . . '•'¦ . ;: ..
: Flrft • •: rhetQtfc^ : claos— Prt>miutns;. Miss K,
Pi-psovirh: IMissuji.. CUrkr. Miss A: presaJiu.
Misn.p.--aiipiriis:-;i.;. •-:: .¦:¦:¦¦¦;: t J - ":¦ ¦.• ¦ '.-N.?,: ¦=-¦:¦
Second rhetorti?'- class— Premiums, jn.ss M:
TriiztXhYirji,- Mt^SiQ.. McGovern, Miss "C.-.Gt'Daj-j
Mira-fi! : St. -'J0fin; : . :.•;' ¦ ¦ ' ;.';. ;.' ', r :.. '•. ;: '
First ¦pramrnalr ' : class— Premiums, MJss . T.
Keenap; Miss 2C. Carroll, Wiss P.' ThPBlU Miss
P. Hu^fihi.' '; ' .'.Si- : "-.'-¦•..::.' ; - : '¦ -.
i Second:-; cramrriar = ofapf^P-Ferhl.umF. : Miss ¦ C:
tsrpCTi;. -MtB>»;M. ¦ ; o:i\onnel|,--.Mi.5s R. SaH<r. M.!*s.
Vi - ;- Harrier. Mlesr G, Whittle,. Mies NV O'Uricn,
; Miyfi-.-5f-. v J5;ir!)>>My ¦,.'-: ,:; :; : " -¦¦' '¦ ' :>¦' \!j.:>
¦ Tti!r<i praTrtniar claj!f«— Pr^rriium^ Miss- G. St.
J*>hn;VM1rs: P. :ftfuWh*r. Mi?s M. Mpll.ft^ Miss
i; Carroll. .MtssviJl;:. Rattford; Mif? M. IliVkl*y.
Mjte ii. Sc-h< r >»rYs=rf'ih, .Miss . A:. ' Mi-Cnrniir^.- Miss
M: Th^aU; ; M!(=s:M. eropkf; : Mt^s M.:- Wclssen.-'
hutter. : .M!s* Sy Xtulcaro, >!!?? N. :Klad& ••¦? ' ..
. • Kfiur^'-iLTatfimar.. elaFs^P^Tiluijis, • .• Miss ; I ; .
McAriile.. 5Jis#'t::V V«jsSif-r?;:.MiRi A:- ..Flan'aKan;
i;: n«tteWa. :>Ii!* G. Kyait,.- Miss .13.. ,Wat- :
FJrsf.-eln*»-' O'-M«vl'jiJ.- Miss- A: K.lecbcrg-r prWiv-'
tnnv/. Miss H. f^niith.- '-¦::.•.¦' ;¦;• .:• ; :
tWorvl ¦clasf».-*r31edfil.- MjM.it! K.' ; sTnrrifk;;
pi^mJUm*. ' M'trses" K: Miiltifler, >'K'- Rnylei. O.
Kr'.Rht; O. : < I'T-MjtP. K; Keffian/ H. Burns.; -, .
TliirtJ <rla>?— Prmtiium. .Win. I... Martin." , : ' .
. P-I-AtN SEWIKiJ-^Firsti an*J ppflond clasws:
: Me.tali«i 'Mteses O_ Whittle, V- Thrall. R. IMs
tot*?l. t" . l>aven ¦•¦r^lrawn byflClii R. lHsiolesU;
pfenuuir.p. Misses 3Ji OHrien.: :E. Salter, ;OJ-;
:Rir;h»r.lsi-)n. -"-'- .-£: ¦ • . . : "- .'.- :, - ' -' .' '. '¦
."fhtrd-"- rla^s— Prfmhinjj". Missep • .-C. ¦S.choen-
Fffln. y -'¦ Ulad?. :M. ' Hicke}^; K. O'Connor. M.
"CrnriksC-1*.' : Cart»Jft. : ••' . ' " : r: ' ¦ "'.'¦:• : :
• Fourth ola^^llferftiums.v Misses -I.- MpArdle,
M.r : Boyd; A, F|ana(?an. C. Mcjnerny.: E'.; Vals- .
eier^-.' .' '. ..•;., . :'•' \; - "-' .. !-.. ':.. v -"*.¦"¦ fV' : :." ..
Lanj^ua^es.
T^KTIK— Premium;-- ;MifS A-.-C.lwlr>-; diptin
cr!istx»(l. Mlssftfc.ii; I>.niu>n,.: K: 'llanhfTman.
•¦I'ii<l-cr:gTafiua't*s> r P.remiurh. ':MisS ; K. .Somers;
d!=<inirai?hfi1, ¦-Mlwr It. ¦•Keec'sn. • " '¦¦'.' .'• :•"••¦•
Fit>t rhejorlc^-li-ernlum. 5Hf3 T. Murphy;
disttn^uHKhrd. . Mif*«? A.- M^hiinpy,: K.' Mci>on
ni'ii !'a-: Or»^alfjt,;..'-'r. ," : ....¦¦",;>.; " ¦;..: . :
?«?<nn<l.-' rfietorTe-^PFPrniutTis', -MIpsp*- ••• G. St.
JoKn. f.l. .Kriijtht,-'; T* • P.onfMJfll; VlistlngruUhed,
>.5i?=r.« G. npay. M. ; Fofl*?K. <¦>: McGforero. -.
. ¦y?iEN<:H-i-Of8'<lua i {es: Pr^riijuni?. ¦ MI^ps K'..
'Bsnn»rmah. -Mi . ©.- ;l<ennoii;; distlftirulshea.^Miss
A..<Clva.rj-: ¦ i;jr .,'.¦='¦¦ i- ' ' :¦ ¦"'• " ; •; : '-'¦' '¦'¦ -'. •''•¦
t'-rtfiereraVJuar^^-Pretniuifii, Miis- C. Kottiers;
dlPttnpiii^hed.:. M ; 1?f '"M-. *"arr!:ck.-. -:. , -. .'¦.
E ¦ Khevoric'- •¦ clapsesT^PremUjrai MIpr '¦¦ Mi ¦' M"?-
Gradr. : <3tftir!jnii?bed.- Mtsses'T. .Murj*y. H.
Fox, /,:,¦ ¦:••.¦¦:.•¦••¦•. -¦-;: :: ; ;- ••..'•.=•:•.••••:.;.•• .;.. ¦-.¦:..•:"'>¦ :;
: GrarriTnsvr 'clufrf p— r l i'*-.:ii:.ii-'3i=. MIfpHm P'.. ;Hq?-!
-f>oT\y<\.i<.A*i.: R. i'Lst^lee 1 . ;. Uistlnp-riPliod./M/isMes
;T. : K^Tian.r.jF 1 ,:: Ijaveii. ,-.'• .'.:;.•'_=:¦¦-..:;.¦:: ;:..:' '¦•..'}'':. ' : -'- : .
Instrttmeiitai ;Mtii3iCi
, PI.ANQ- thtol.:-.-.K'ra4«'; \.f$u.rtf> section kvPwr
return; MIfs • K, ' Carriok. Jhlfi .sex-t!;. n-^-Vft:-
I'rfmiU-Ti. Misi >t. K^r!"^s. - ; ;F>rSt sirllon^Pre
mlUftU.-^M i,-,^? :.Xfe>J.e:rI<r, G. itr.Toufe;. M. r
G.- Stv jjerhri^- ',•"-:• .-•;;' •••:•:;".¦ *-^v ;¦:•• ;-".¦•-!¦ r? :••'•
¦iSiKs^^ If. ' ; Iiosr..' ; 'O-.i l ¦'.|( i man; : 1 ).;, <'nv..Ti.-";';Firs=t
¦s«-<rt{nn-^iTfrn.!.urnv;.:-3lt<= ¥ .: s i A.-r 15urn.«. K: Mui?-
i-'irs-t prarip; fourth ¦s«K-tlan.^Prpfn : iMri>»> l : :i&**e4
}l. F.'txi ti, . KrifKM; '-'A- K!.-?-5f»rtr.". Thlrrf s«.( t(oxj,
A. tiiarke.- ¦"¦ ¦-.' '¦'¦ <~'?M '¦ • : :"¦ «."•¦;¦ ¦¦¦ .: i i* 'tfti'jL '.'¦'¦
Pr«>p-3rpT'>ry:pr3/f<>.. sf<-,.rrt w.*t.ir-r.-' Vnrinfjim<=;-.
Mif^FPS yi. ¦M/.'-irHrty,:: H. Iturris. 1:. 11.;
KirliV, '¦'*'¦ IKari'-"^" jFjrst^.-^tip^^Vxemfum^,
Mit=Kes -5C."- Mt^whjiy;. 'Q:. llerrtilas,. ¦ :¦ •;-. :':*>ij : •'.;'
: fistinBUi^p'V la r*^^i'tiwrBfa^eS-:Misses M..
PuJT'll,- "M. 'I>?nn:on;:.I^. : . l^itHir-niwri.; /(i:n
.iGctt-<rrn.J *: : iUvtT*i;.I^ .JSartfB.'^-.^t.^.Jpjtiri. -" :¦:
¦¦• HAlU^Prpmiunv iMip«5 . t; .i.I.'rhrti; ¦ iltBtiji^
Cui^-wK-Mif^M-^r^tfr; i-:.';-;: : .';:.----'- • r-.;..." *•'" • :¦'
: ZittX-r— r'remi>im;.MiSs.Ti.-. iM u eg) ?t .:•;.. i; rf:- : .,•
'¦ JrtANl>fii4N'-^I?rfir!itiintj •>I'i*?"-P; Th^H.Vi' s" = -
¦ CliA?S SJNnj.Vi— rrfTiitum?, Miss*S.M,.iCtfr
rick. .A: . r.urns.'vHV riftqtes^^S::. -McIJuKft. C..'
Kaipt; M. : MKirnffyv: ;'¦ ¦¦¦ -.•,- f--" ; ; ,-: i ., :.{¦¦¦ ¦• •
OIK : PAI.VTlS-^-I.JlFtir.jrtJTslied; -Misses. =S,.
McHugh. l'. ; Brirtsf-her. -.:-''•': '.' : ''.'¦
CHINA I > AlNtJ;.V<5^MMal, 'MIfs 8. McHughl.
PTTTniuiti. Mtss M.' Mijlcr: •.•.'•': •'.¦•. ' -' '• ¦¦ . ::¦¦¦
(SRAYOX AND PENT DRA^riNG-iFirptidass;
Medal MI^jb: A. KiWl^rc. Peqfm'l ¦^•IflXi^M'edal.
MIfpp* P. Hu=roh,.M: Kitzrlbn<m.-.I J . l>rV t . s '? h ' r -:'
dranrn hy Miss J':;iluf«i)ii- j/rerftliimS,' Misses
G. : Knight'' T. '¦ IMvero; R; -McHoiih; • dfstfn-'
jfuished. Miss JI^iReynolds..- Third class, :Araw r
in »J_r)l«Hr.yu!«lM-i. Mifses <3,Hotl.. G.. Ryan,
1L" Palorflni. *. : Varrhll. .\ ' : .-¦:¦ '"
'¦¦ RE<iI T LAR ATTivyr^ANCn-^M^daJ.MjBSias G>
St-SaenMeln. J, ¦ Uoll-.. L MrArdlo; JOraw'n by
Miss C. Premiums:, iiMls?*? H'
Vaisslere; 1.; Batehjav >J. Hirk«y. U.. St. JuRn; .
SACIIEB HEART COLLEGE,
Number. of. Very Bright Young
" : :-. ¦';'.. Graduates.' ' ! ':¦¦¦'_
Medals and Diplomas for .a : Large
Metropolitan -j>.rn/|»le _was' . crowded to
overflowing last night with the friends
and: patrons of: Sacredv Jleart College,
gathered to witness, thr. commencement
rxorclses of the. graduating class.: The
hall: -was hungr \vith the college colors :anil
thei air was filled .with the fragrance of
thfc choicest cutiflowers. Tho programme
of the evening, kas^ unusually interesting
and entertaining:. I An unexpected -fea-'
ture was '.art address by : Henry : Austin
Adams, the noted tecturerv who;. gave the
young nien/pf ; the;graduatfng. clas.^ some
valuable advice.-: ; '¦.; ; ¦¦•:•.• .•=•-!• '- . •'.
Th«. Very. Itey; J,: J. : .Prejid<?rsast,: V.
G., Zfftiat present: in: peraon-'and., iiwarded
the sold- medab? td honor: students xiind
al?.o^ 'ihiy : : diplornas.; : The; spi>ria| gold
m^Jril; awardedrby : Archbishop IJicirda.n td
th*> graduute BtaivUirig: highest: = in ?Ch.rHr ;
ttan ¦ doKtriiw*/ was : : wo-tv-. fe^'.- .Ttobjjrtr .g.
McCarthy'. '-'¦¦¦¦ Gold . imedals vere: also -pre-.,
j>ei)tf«l to-thp foJlowihg.najned-JRludenfits:
Kiwar<J Kritnci^-Gupdet, thirdiHcOllepflate.
class: : A: :Pauf..Br^^y. fotirth' coilegiate
clat^; . Tlirtfnas J. H-Trodden;.: toUr.thivcoN
lftj»ia.te; Class; . P. >V. Meh^rfh,! busfjfiess.
cla s-i ; WLlilaTrt : :J. McKamee. \ tirst inter
merfiatp ci«ss; John Joseph Rlordan,"sec
ond intermefliate : claiRs ; William J.rRelna,
thirii imtf-rniedfatf : cl9ss;"peo/Ci. : i^turJJhy;.
fourth .Intermediate., class., 1 .- •..;. : '., ..r.: ¦:.. • ."
Th<v graduates. of the collegfcite ; course.
wcj'ir. -: . Jarops: • Patrick 'O'B'rteiv Richard
Fraftois Thomas .Aloysiusi Crim-:
mln?.. i Robert' ; • Stanislaus ¦Mbgafcthy;.
Thttir.as Joseph,. lyEnnedy:. and: : Wil}iam.;
John Orr. •.'.-'¦ " ; "-::'::-;%: : • l v .:' ; !;'' : -i:Vf:'-'£ -s
Diplomas' froraUbe ooinmerclal.. depart-.
Tiipwt werp:. granted to , the ; following,
named ' \ Joseph ; Patrick; FlantjjanV Peter
Francis "Courru«m. ' f Philip • Joseph •Ken
nedy. Joseph Ii; -Bvrne.- Patrick .ty': ;Mc
herfn, i Jofcn ..Henry Cournpetv jJameA
Aioyp'u^ Cotenflanv Samiiel A." Myhre,'
Francis I. Onetm William A. Misulreland
WMiani H, Barg. i '*¦: ¦ ¦•-.-" { : ¦- ':¦- : :-i - "...- ¦ •
The coJiegiate- graduates all! r^d'es
savs. \\\ J. Qrr discussed VThe CliurcH
In California";.; T; -A.. : t;riTftmirisv !'>Tlife
Spanish in the/Phllipnin*^''; St.:'F,: ."-&e
hari, vSan. Francisco'- : -T. J^JCcnnedy/
"Our Interests iln China?.; -It; \g. . Mc-
Carthy. • "Ameriean:: Llteraturq' 1 ;..:: j; p.
O'Bilen, "StruBKle Between, lioierr-and
Briton". The re.a*J! n £- °i £ ne essays :was
interspersed with musical nun^beps.; She
collesre orchestra- renderhd .:some' ;: ve^
credltablo. numbers ;and l the coUeg«;;cfiolr
and junior choir were loudly appJaMded-.
Some fine songs, were : render.efl.:. by a
d»uble quirtet "composed of ifheJfoMOw
lnff young . men: T:i J. -Kennedy. rw, ; Jv
Orr J. L J. Skerrett;i A. JiYAlehcrin,. It, 3.
McCarthy.^ T. A, Crimmins. :R. , F;; "Behari
and J. P~ O'Brien. 'K .; •-.;:•;• ¦ •' \- •:&;-• •': '¦¦¦'
$300; south side of Thirteenth street, 123
feet east of Folsom, 25x114, $1400; southeast
corner of M street and. Nineteenth avenue.
00x120. JSOO; north side of Bush street, east
of Central avenue, 24x87:6, $2850; southeast
side of Jessie street, southwest of Fourth.
23x70. $4000; east side of Sanchez street,
near Market, 25x125, $1500; north side of
Pacific, west of Hyde. 26x71:6. $1900; east
of Stanyart street, north of Frederick, 2ox
131. $2500;- east line Eleventh avenue, south
of O street, 50x120. $400; south side of Thir
teenth, 100 east of Folsom. 25x114, $1400;
northwest line Jessie, northeast of New
Anthony, 33x62. 44100; west side of Eight
eenth, south- of H, 25x120, $700; east line
Nineteenth avenue, north of I, o0xl2 2>
$1500;. north line Frederick, west of Cole. 20
xlOl, $1500; lot 8, block 4. Castro-street Ad
dition, $1000; west side of Eighteenth ave
nue; south" of H street. 25xl2'\ $700; south
Side of H street, west of Eighteenth ave
nue, D0xl00,.$2000: lots 27 and 28, block 13,
West End Mapl. $2000: east side of Fol
som street; north of Fourteenth, 50x100,
$3000. ¦ ¦¦..••• ¦ ¦• "
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag have sold for
R. Morgenstern a lot/ 40x576, with three
flats thereon, on the east line of Taylor
street, 22:6 north of Geary, to S, C. Bene
dict for $30,000. The corner is owned by Mr.
Benedict, who now has frontage on Oak
Grove avenue, Taylor and Geary .streets. •
The Von Rh^in Company has made the
following sales: Southwest corner Union
street and Sonbra' place. •OTxS'rS, with
three-story frame, for S. Band to D. Fi
goni, • $5000:- north line of Union. 60 feet
west of Octavla, 25x80, with two flat?, for
Mrs. P. Michaelson, to \V. H. Sexton.
$4000; south line of Sacramento, 171 feet
east iff Hyde, 34:4x137:6, with cottage, for
William Simpson to John Sullivan; west
line of Capp, 133 feet south to Twenty
third street, south 25 by west 122:6. with
new improvements, for William George
to Claus Claussen. $4?00.
A. M. Speck & Co. have sold the follow
ing: Mrs. Gustave Walters to^Morris
Marcus,- northwest corner Frederick and
Clayton. 32x9610^. with two-story resi
dence. $7250; R. B. Woodward to Eugenie
M. St. Paul, lot 42.. block 496, between
Fourteenth and Fifteenth streets, on the
east line of Julian avenue, with four flats.
$3000. . . -j- '
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CAL.I;, SATUKDAY, eTenSTE <J, 1900.
7
: : BY WHOM TAKEN
v- OR.ItELEASED. .:
•Mortgages.
i >?o. | Amount.
_iLL ; -
¦—. ¦¦ : r
'rivate ind Iv.lduals.
libprnla Savings & Loan Soc..
?ayJnK» & Loan Society.... •.'.;.
•"rpnch Savings &¦ Loan SocJetj'
Wrrnan Savings & Loan Soc.
itfmboldt Bank ¦
'ah. "Francisco Pavings Union..
Security Savings Hank
Jiitual Pavings Bank
\xliimbu8 Savinfts & .Loan Soc.
.'nlon Trust Company. ,
119 . . $219,67.:
¦ 124 ' m.SV.
7 . 20.101
•8 • 30.0.V.
¦ 9 11 2.6')!''
2 18,750
22 131. 60C
3 . 17.6IX
11 C9.85C
2 . U.50C
' 1 . 70.O0C
¦ Totals \:, ._.¦•...'.'.;'....¦..>•• «•¦¦.(
rrT~- ~~~- -. . . : ; T
339 [ $1,578,103
;- i BY WHOM TAKEN. .
•: : OR RELEASED. • ¦ ' ¦
I - i Releases.
No. | Amount.
Private In/Ily tduals ; . — , .
Hlbernia HnvinRS &. Loan Soc.
?aVinfes ft- lyVan Sactety. <..•..:.
French Pavthps •& Lcran Society
3ermi«n Savlnj^s l»»n .$oc:.
HiirhbQifH Uaiik ...-..;.:.:.• ;.
ian: Francisco Savings Union. .
Security SaviriRs;' Kank.Jv-,.;:.
Mutual RavingA- Bank.. .........
"(rUirritJUS SayifiRsfi I.mu Sqc.
L'rtlpii Trust Com|?aitj--. ; ••
129 ; $267, 5S3
75 SS3.450
6 : 19.1S5
.6 I! '32,2. r .O
H6; '-'¦:¦ 161.550
• 7. . . • 20,100
.'23.: ' 62,150
• 5 ¦ : 13.300
-4 : 6,430
= »:•- 4.300
- ; l : : I6,neo
• j^Totals ¦; ;..-,::. .\.j' v >; y «.>t..r.'|.
I l ¦
| ?SC:| ¦ J977.300
: : BY WHOM TAKEN
v- OR.ItELEASED. .:
•Mortgages.
i >?o. | Amount.
_iLL ; -
¦—. ¦¦ : r
'rivate ind Iv.lduals.
libprnla Savings & Loan Soc..
?ayJnK» & Loan Society.... •.'.;.
•"rpnch Savings &¦ Loan SocJetj'
Wrrnan Savings & Loan Soc.
itfmboldt Bank ¦
'ah. "Francisco Pavings Union..
Security Savings Hank
Jiitual Pavings Bank
\xliimbu8 Savinfts & .Loan Soc.
.'nlon Trust Company. ,
119 . . $219,67.:
¦ 124 ' m.SV.
7 . 20.101
•8 • 30.0.V.
¦ 9 11 2.6')!''
2 18,750
22 131. 60C
3 . 17.6IX
11 C9.85C
2 . U.50C
' 1 . 70.O0C
¦ Totals \:, ._.¦•...'.'.;'....¦..>•• «•¦¦.(
rrT~- ~~~- -. . . : ; T
339 [ $1,578,103
;- i BY WHOM TAKEN. .
•: : OR RELEASED. • ¦ ' ¦
I - i Releases.
No. | Amount.
Private In/Ily tduals ; . — , .
Hlbernia HnvinRS &. Loan Soc.
?aVinfes ft- lyVan Sactety. <..•..:.
French Pavthps •& Lcran Society
3ermi«n Savlnj^s l»»n .$oc:.
HiirhbQifH Uaiik ...-..;.:.:.• ;.
ian: Francisco Savings Union. .
Security SaviriRs;' Kank.Jv-,.;:.
Mutual RavingA- Bank.. .........
"(rUirritJUS SayifiRsfi I.mu Sqc.
L'rtlpii Trust Com|?aitj--. ; ••
129 ; $267, 5S3
75 SS3.450
6 : 19.1S5
.6 I! '32,2. r .O
H6; '-'¦:¦ 161.550
• 7. . . • 20,100
.'23.: ' 62,150
• 5 ¦ : 13.300
-4 : 6,430
= »:•- 4.300
- ; l : : I6,neo
• j^Totals ¦; ;..-,::. .\.j' v >; y «.>t..r.'|.
I l ¦
| ?SC:| ¦ J977.300
When the doors of the Immense flve-
story structure at 117 to 121 Geary street
open for business this morning they. will
swing under a new name and a new
management— a name old and famed In
Central and Northern California, but a
name comparatively unknown to the- pur-
chasing public in: San Francisco. ... :.:• .;-• : :
The new name Is that of the JOHN
BREUNER COMPANY, a firm estab-
lished In Sacramento way back In 185S by
one of California's pioneers — a firm that
to-day conducts, on the corner of Sixth
and K streets, in California's capital, the
largest and most complete general house-
furnishing: establishment on the entire
Pacific Coast. .
This Is the firm that has purchased out-
ripiu the entire stock, business and fix-
tures of the California Furniture Com-
pany (N. P. Cole & Co.) of this city, th«
change of ownership taking effect this
day.
It Is unnecessary to dwell at length
upon the firm of X. P, Cole & Co. — you of
San Francisco know them. For twenty-
five years they have stood In the front
rank of San Francisco's furniture stores.
Their name has stood always for every-
thing that was reliable In soods and
honorable in dealing 1 . ..
The new business will be conducted
temporarily at the present location— 117
to 121 Geary street; but meanwhile a new
and more commodious building will ba
erected for the firm on Market street,
between Fifth and Sixth. This new build-
Ing will be completed about April 1, 1901.
At present only furniture, curtains and
draperies will be handled In the Geary-
street store; but we assure you that In
these lines we will offer you an absolutely
complete stock to choose from at prices
that shall be based on the closest possible
margin of profit compatible with good
business.
Welcome to look or buy at .any time.
The John Breuner Company
Enters San frandsco!
1'"'^^^'"" ¦"'*-''"M w^ w v
o-lJay
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, June 2.
Parquet. 25c, -any seat; balcony, 10c; children,
10c. any rart. . . .
MISS LILLIAN BURKHART
And Company in "A DEAL ON 'CHANGE."
Third and Last Week of
EZRA KENDALL.
VANDY; MIDGLEY & CARLISLE.
: . TWENTY OTHERS. :
:\ AN ENTIRELY NEW BILL. :
¦ ¦ Commencinsr To-morrow Matinee. June 3,
JOE HART'S VAUDEVILLE CO.
: and Orpheum Stars.
*T" 1 \if% 1 I*
don't kiss "auttl* bit01t the top." \
another artistic an'd complete :
: triumph* : '-' ¦"¦:..¦¦
' ¦'¦¦ twice to-day. at 2 and 8. ; :. ...'•
The Romantic Comfc Opera, ••;¦ v
; Produced With a Wealth ot Scenic Effects!
SPECIAL'.! Reappearance. "! Monday^ : > June . II.
EDWIN STEVENS AWDANNALICHTERaj
POPULAR PRICES— 25c and;50c.
•I"-.: '.";¦'•• ' : .•' ! -,Telephqne*>. : -Baa'hj'>; -:;"¦" 1t^f--.f : V:-;
;!C^i|||is;
' MATINEE TO-DAY. TO-NIGHT and.
• ; 7\Li^; : N'Er^T:: ; \A/ie^;-ic^^. :
\ 'iVEVERT X.IGHT?(^XCEP^;,.EHNi>AY)ij::;.
% C. Goodwin
Maxine Elliott ¦
:> } ;.'--' ":"-.ini thelrV^atJeet^ciratcessy^!;^^^- "
WKENWEWERETWENBONE
;.v.'.- :'--¦¦•..¦•¦ vBy IK- ¦ ; V»- ESiSO^Dsi." *i "¦< :•'•=•-?;";"":
Q. ;:.-, .: Final: Week 1 -/;".".?-',
' ¦ ' •¦ At the Macdcinou«h ; ; : Theater/ Oaltiand, : -io-
lilght.: .JOHN DREW. -. In:: '•The ..Tyranny;-, ot
BASEBALL!
Sacramento
vs.
Oakland,
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M.
]0UDlpAY (AT 2:3O f% M.
REC)RpA|lp]| PARK
Eighth, and Harrison Streets.- "¦ ' ;". ¦;
UTCPUirP'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOtfllEin 10c.
GREAT LAMBARDl OPERA QUARTET AND
SIG. ABRAMOFF. in Acts From
: "LUCIA" and "THE HUGUENOTS."
MISS SANDOLIN IN ENGLISH SONGS.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday, .
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m. '¦:
Admission, 10c: Children, 5c.
Bathing, including admission. Kc; children 20c
W AMUSEMENTS.^
!- : PHONE MAIN 532.
¦•'-¦- "- LAST MAT/flTEE TO-DA T m
LAST TWO NIGHTS OP THE SEASON.
IMMENSE SUCCESS OF RICE'S FAMOUS
EXTRA VAOANZA.
"1492!"
THE ENTIRE PRESS OH* THE CTTT CNANI-
;:¦ ."•-. MOtrS-IX ITS PRAI3E.
PACKED TO THE DOOR3 NIGHTLT.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good reserved seat In orchestra at to-day's
matinee. 25c. ¦: . • .: .
Branch Ticket Of flee— Emporinm.
MATINEE TO-PAY at 2:15 P. M.
:ant> to-night. :
. ; : LAST PERFORMANCES OF
MR. JAMESiNEILL
":•¦¦:•";. And. Comoany, Presenting ¦ . :".
••'; -Haddon Chambers' Original -Biiccm*.
"GAPTAI^SWIFT."
J. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY! NIGHT. "¦':'¦
:.,¦: Opening pf the Comedy Season.. -. : ,
: DUNNE & RYLEY'S ALL- STAR CAST,
.Presenting- Hoyfa-Muaicat Farce Comedy. ¦
"A RAG BABY.V: " ¦/ -
MATINEE: TO-DAT AND; SUNDAY. : •"
.: ; " f ;." ¦'.: ¦': ¦ la st Two nights. .'¦ ' ; '. ; " : : - :.;;- • ! ~
'¦¦-¦¦¦. ¦¦¦ : Clyde . Fltch'a ; DomeirUo Comedy, . ; !". , : .
4 PJPRFLUOUSl
1IUSBAND!— «;
.5:-: BEGINNING MONDAT NIGHT.- : •¦=¦"¦
; FLORENCE ; ROBERTS' "SAPHO.^
GHUTES/AND ZOO
.:¦'. '"ibVEitt - : AFTERNObN \A2*P .' EVENtSO>-: ; : - ; - '
EXTRA TO-NIGHT t
CAKEWALK!
Electric Fountain [at ; Nigit 1
BLADDER CONTEST ON THE LAKE
; Order Seats by Phone— Park; tt ¦¦.*•':•";.•
f ENfJYROYAL PILLS
H.>/rC~V ¦' Orialnai mnd Only CcnpUft.
I J £^i t,r CHI(iHJ>Tr.K'S ENCasU
fr"NiJ^* '*?$t\ 1» HCD «34 t.U met«.lis bait. •e«I«i
TTV —^Ai . 2 "lth )>!«« ribt>o». Take a* •taer. K«ftaa« '
Tn ** *£j *>¦ •»*•*¦• u« *«b«Ut«Uo»« aa4 Imtf-
I" / ~ (w tlaa*. B*7 "f joar Dr»«r>t or »*ni 4a. ia
I *» ' Jr it««c.T« lbr . Partimtlsra, T « timamlals
\V F? ••* "Relt»f*»r ladJen. "•• Untr, byre. •¦
_X P tara MalU 1«,MO Tenlanlilt, Sold »y .
v — — / an Drucslsu. Ckl«ha«t«r Chemical C«^
Heaaoattop«r«f. Madl—a JtMW. PUlLUfi.
IHEW WESTERN BOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS:-RE-
modeled and : renovated:. KINO. '. WARD &
CO European plan.; Rooms, tte to Jl aO day;
$3 to 13 week; \% to $20 month. Free: baths: bat
and cold water every room; nr* crates la evtry
roam; elevator runs all nisht. ••:, . .*. •¦
•.•^/:^ryApyEBTISEMENTS.-'i;::;'l |;
gafeaiid; Effective In Every Form of
•; - ; ; " This . Com mon and • Ann o ying : _¦; - ; ] ;
'fv-v-fv-' - : Disease. -.:'-V'- : : : ;^M-; '¦;,- ''
-. '•: ii^r/plo Fuff^r from piles because
".pfrer . trying. t'hp many lotions,'. salv-cs and-
cirjtmcntj!. without : relief- .or : cure;..ha\*e
C'-rne \<> jh" l-rpnclui>|«n that, a surgical bp-
¦•eta<ioii'ti : s the only ithing left to trj% dnd
rith^r-ihan ;j5ufcmit to the shock and risk
;•¦ to 3if« ijf ijn opei-alipn prefer to. suffer on.
. Foriui^ato-ly; fhis^tsiao longer necessary;
r-the^Pyrarni^- pile. Cure, a new : prbparar
tHJri,. . euros/; c-vcty. . Torm of piles , without
¦ pain. .Jncpavcnic-nce^ . or . dctentioa from
':b.u»mefeB.'-'4- : v -":-.'j.-:" - : .i.. ¦';. .;i = :^ v;:"':
. ""-'it {s;lrvVtt?e ; form of cuppositories,;eastly
. 3ppliedi- abfiolTJtoJy fr^e from Opiuai, Co-
cahTe "fir aiiy -Injurious Kubstance:what-
, ever, and njo.. matter how severe "th*>_ pain.
gives Jns.t-aht. relief, ;not by deadening the
nenes -pf i6e.-part«: but rather by Its. heal-
ing. so<)thiriflr rffoct iupon the congiestedi
s^nsitU-e. mf-Ehbranes. . ¦ :;/ .; >.
'•l Ttie Pyramid Pile: Cure is the most ef-
fectiA'e;- the: Safest and most extensively
gold of »ny. PHe Cure that has ever been ;
pJacc-d t^fore!; the public, and this reputa-
tion bajs 1 secured by reasion of Its ex-
traordifiarj'- ' ..tnerlt- /and 'the reasonable
price at which it 's sold, all druggists sell-
ing it at 10 ee\rits:p?r package, and in many
t&ta a package has been sufllcient.
A person laltjes Sf-Hous chances in heg-
lec!ii:?.iij, .fi'mpl.e. case Of ' piles, irs the
trotrtale.'soon- becomes deep seated and
cttftmie; andiveryificjuently develops Into
fatal, Ir.curablo-.r.cct-'ir diseases, like : .-ns-
tuUi. ar.d rectal -ulccra; " • ." ' ; :>. .-• -,
• Any jfyngjifiSl r .ttili tell you the Pyramid
"is." .the $aire!5t,:most.«yitisfa-<:tpry. pll«i cur»
.Jcitee. :-. "• :-. : r - ' : x -; : - : ..- - •'.• -; : ; ¦'.-. t.i
'¦; =;¦¦>.; i;; : ,'' ADVESLTISEMENTSL"^; ¦:. ' ..
has such a record/or ab-
solutely curing female ills
and kidney troubles as
has Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable ! Compound*
ffledfeines that are ad-
vertised '..to cure every-
thing cannot be specifics
fsr anything* .f "-
Lydla E. Plnkham "s
Vegetable \ Compound will
hot cure every kind of Ill-
ness that may afflict men,
Women and children, but
proof l& monumental that
it will and does cure all
the ills pocullarto women*
This is a fact indlspui-
£st!c -.slndican \be
'ify^moro-itha^ a million
women* } - •v=!'X'-..-( : * , '
Sif-ypuareslck don't ex-
peHsnesii, 1 take tho medl-
cihe-;tfcai;has: thejreoo^d
.-.Of, the; ljar$esi\nu'!tnker -"of:
r Qi^S^'--'-^A- : -}---.%'' : A \ f \ % --i%-
fc JPATENTS'^i):
."¦I V\ ' . v|AMtl^EMiENTi|.' \.\ : . : :f^Y :: )
I THE SPECIAL LIMITED
IJlilplHpfl
And ;4iciO»>V; In; Piijlman. 'Palace Sleepers. Mr.
Win: • H: : fileritan." Excursldji Passenger Agent
&: P.: c6i.-4n«IM(rge. -LEAVES SAN FRAN-
ClsCO.eATUR&AY, JUNE 2. from lerry land-
ing, "foot of- Market street. AT 7 P. M. RE-
TURXINiG :m0N*DA.T.- JUNE 4, at. 7:45 a. m.
;; tickets. ";{ including berth two
nig|u»-. in feleepef.. ."•'•¦:•¦¦:..;. •¦; . :"¦•-'
1 Meals cxtral ¦ Ser\ ; ed • oii" train a la carte.
Excursion- .tickets now on sale at 613 Market
8 t.,;Orand'.Hotel block. GOODMAN ;
: ¦ '¦;'•: " General Passenger Agent.
E. O. McCORMICK. " ..
'- ; ; - .' Pataenger Traffic Manager.
; (Successors to California Furniture Co.)
117 to 1^1 Ge>€*ry' Street,
.-¦¦¦' .. .;•-¦' ¦' SAN FRANCISCO. : ?'" V^:- : : r- : ;.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Commercial '¦ ' .Relations j With ; I China
Vefy Much' Improved.
:WAStNGtpN,; June .-.l.f-tlnited : i States
(Consul •;' General • . GooCho W !. at Shanghai
has" tra : nsmlted': ; to the State Department
TRADE IS .iHCBIJASIKGr.
V Just;rectlvfd-^a:;iotibf strrKlngly: "uri
to-daie'! In tally cirds. ] xnenu
cards-i; place -cards; ::dahee and home en
tertalfcment. prosriatrirnPB.- -We engrave and
print 'visiting cards,-, .weading Invitations
and announcemcnta.Ask to see our "Mai-
Shair ' fountain pong . for one dollar. 3 SaiJ
born. Vail & C»., 74i Market street. • ¦ ••'
• The' Jury: in. the recent law- gutt unanimously
agreed. : upon .the verdict.' sealed it and went
h6me : io be.d. After sleeping over it they dis
agreed ithei'iiext' mpi-nlngr. ¦ . This shows the
power .of- sleep to strengthen the.human' mind.
.Those whp are ' troubled with insomnia should
try. Hostetter/s Stomach Bitters. It auts the
stomach In good condition and Ind.ucdi sweet,
fount} sleep.- .It is the- beat of remedies for
kidney;- irver. and blood disorders. . -' -
Sleep Changes the Verdict.
»r-^> :? Q> ' ?. <j^ i* ?_' j^: ? :'^ ¦ ?- 4> ?; &. ?
; T'ip*^ YC^lk..v Jutie 'li-rpeli^ '¦ May;
i\ | l ;.}I'o^ : ; ; .tb.4 weil-known actrie'ss,; wad
I \l •* by .Justice McAjdara \ln
'J; .^> the. jSupEe^n.^; CbtirttQ-dSiy to t;he
'^¦- • :! :?nsan« "a^ylBm . : at'- -yVayey -Crest,
Astoria";- L.-.I.^pn ihe. petition ;-6t:- Her
brother, AVlillam-.H.cFcxi; and on the evi
.depce-'af Dhs. 'Austin "Flint- Jr.- aiid Ed
•ward.IX Fisijisr.xwhrehEhawe.dthat.she is
iabo-ring- un^ie.r;<ie'uslQftSv : .: • : '/ - -. ;
Actress ;iJ<?tIaj Foir.
; ".OKLAHOMA! CITT; Qj T:. ' J^in*^- .1 ¦H-W^niafn
Ulley.; ::a prisoner • at- -th*: County Jail; ¦ arrested
some IweekK'iafTO .fori-shjjptlriir at:-A BOllcemAh.
wa» Identified:: .-to-day- **• belnjc:- wanted, by *fe
;ro'!c* ;s.\ U^tiyer, VColiJ-, -.^hprtly'- ¦ after the
.ld<*ntl*ratlon ihe -s.etureij ft raror' ' i ronu 'the
jailor;**) BhaVe with, ini}, alter haying- cut Jifs
threat;- »evere^L;i5e> r er^l ttmalj artefljfs;.-': He •coq
cealed.:hlcipelf.-i«6 that'.Jie- waa .not ilJscoverid.
.for same. tlme,,a.nd bjed so«>arly to: idekth: . Sjir
geonc:greased :lhe wou%1s and he may: recover.
' ". WAFHIKCTOX. Jiine-i-r-Tho. Houise icamniit
t»* on Military Atfa.'.rg has rep<3tte«l- -Jfti fa^'br iof
¦B.uth'Mzii\K ihf Prrridenj to irestini-e O*oree Xy.
Klrkman to- h!j» rcnlj; as-; captain -'in'- the; arrjiy,
thus tiV?rcomln'K- theveffcet of ¦ -ft hoo-rtrmartlal'
and dismissal: iat Manila; The. dtsnilssal gfew
out of; a dlpwrbancr wbile Captain : Kirkmin
w>j not' on duty. .; The ¦ committee, therfefore ' : fce
rorts tbat in Irlew <>t paet eallan^ sen'Jie ihe
prflcc* ¦«ho^)d:.'be re«torVd. .. ¦• " " ' : : : ' ' j.';
'¦: :-HAtJPA7t, : -iN.-.S.^|jru^e .1.— The xourt-pf An
qulrj 'on ; the : wreck v6t; : ;the : EWer-- : pempst*T
>team?>hlp MoBf pelie'r • oa Bfe -. ; Vanlree i Rock.
*outhwieBt -poafit of Kcwfoundland".' . May; 4,. Xa
aay.dftcidfid: that Captain Jartiesf E. :-GaTt. Tvas
At fauU. The court wits of : thA. opinion' that
ifr* tQtal p«^rJ»"ct to.upe F the leaa-tvasi unJusrU
.flabk- (?onsitPrin« thy.dfitoe fog. ;.Cai31,kih GalVs
¦certJflrate ha* been splpfhaoa for. jtKrec months.
¦ ' LOSt)ON;..'Jun«i; 1;— Maurice Grau/-:the- lis
presa rlo, bis received a command : irtim ¦ her
Majerty.':to- eli'e ; a :• pert ormance: at: '^Windsor
Castle June ?C. ;Th<» . programme; wlU : con9.1gt
f\i ••Cavailerla Ruttlcana,'.'. wlthMmei'.CalyB in
the lending role, and.-'the' third' actof i'Taust,"
rwlth Urrse^/Calye as^ar^uerlte.:"-'. .' '• '.¦ . :.^: ; '-i'
; I/IS: ANGELES. Juno ;1.— W-' .H. ¦ Ore?R, the
clipper In: the coursJng/tneet.at'San Pedro l^t
Sunday. ; who ; ,wa» .arrfsted on. va chargie i 6t
crusty" to anltnals. «as icquUted. by : a"3ury' : in
Judpe.powijJJtS's court.-.. The courslnjB-'inerj will
>iold a tournament at .Bin- Ped^o;ne*t Sunday.
They <Jo- not ' anticipate uxiy ihtetlfeWhcs from
the Sheriff^;- i ¦ '. '^r.tv.rfi'' V iv'-> '* .'':.•¦ lr£-.
"SVW TORK, Jun$ L.^Iri . thp: poatest'' oVir
¦the will of :the Jate.: Robert -Banner", : the.pub
ll:«her.: to-day^ Robert IMwln 'Efonne^ teBtlfled
that after h!s la thef s death he .round JfO.dQd
worths of -bonds: bet^eejj; the lea-Vee .oil an old
; macazliie In ; a : bookcase. . .fie; iald"; Xhat his
father bad told . lilm where. tbeV wer«» • CQi±
eealed.: ¦.» ::\ :. \y ¦ j';- ¦".'•'¦'"¦: ¦'.¦"¦ •'.!•; C'.-' '' •
DETROIT.. June 1.4-The International Society
of- RaJlway':1?ur«.eons.:ti>iday- eie*ct<vl:?the. fdl
lowlne officers: . President., -tor. • : -M>- i :li» ; -'G&lz,
Marshalltown,. la. ; .CtBtLA-lce' president, th.'- b!
P. IJrodl.e,:-:Dfftrplt: f' secretary ¦¦• T>i, l»uls ; J.
Mitchell^ Ch)G*RC>; treafurcri" Dn-; ipngetHf ':R.
Lewis,; Kansas City!;- '. .-: . • •'. l\ .i; : :'.\.\ ¦':.::' 5tj;
tj>-4ay ; In ;th« . R«.ed \ortoard, lri y<jli>: County.
::from the'?lTects ! of 'mprphlne 'jfplsbnlh^-- The
man was. heatly^dregBed 'Jn-darlf. cldthlnBr aiid
was; c3*arily sharpen. .It. Is be.Uev«A that^lt was
a. ease; of suicide.- •¦¦;¦ : ;:..; : .'\ •".•.."- 'i£.,-.':;l
PATTTA CRITZ, .^J.ar> 1,-HJ. M'Dntton, a pto
neer. CieiS to-4ay tt his home: at-.Soouel,;,. -.Jie
vtius a nitty-e <>f : Silalne. ; ia*e4 TjV '- ynara'. ; -\i :¦'¦.
IX>S AJCGEl.ES, Jun«.:l.—TT)e Chamber -of
Comm«T« liere- pent $1049 t<» B->mi»y. India, tov
naj* waia lnthe relief o* faminfr.suulerers*; The.
¦money was raij*.d; by ;Bu>?crlptl.en.. ... ''¦• ;.;r. "'.'•;
THE BAGUft, . June fclr^The ¦ First Chamber
¦fca» rejected; Jjy ?3 to. '20:V.otes the.: GoyeYnnient
hill to lS*sufe..;worl[n;en:aKaln«t fecrfdento. It
Is eroected thit' tlie lllt;i*try :*rtll. reslen.. :..-. ..V
. LIMA. Peru.^Jfcne i.-^The Pi?n«ian Cabinet
: 1« underatpod to r bave ta3<en unsjer eerioos o»
¦'.r&Jera-.t'on'. it '; : to-dfty'» '¦ »pBelon.-:the- immediate
'fTT0T$*y*T &t a Stlfitster -to th# United: Siites.
: CtTT OF JiiEXJCO. Jjitne L4-Py»sVient iDfa*
ftps deslrnatp*. .Wf ptckea. rural«Hs:t9 altena the.
1*41!- American .liit-Dfitloini at BaJTfelo a* aicom
pl\mehlary .bodieuanj .t.Cr.'tiie Pptai(!fnt of the
UsUed ¦Sta.tesJ::,; -; ;: --.M : l :': ¦ >V:i-, .j ; . •• %.''¦ '
'J: WOO1)1*AKT)>' Jac«' 1;'4-John;: S<rt6'<kas - : fcam
: nr.tnced au action '.to festraln th*;fiuper\-l80rB «r
Yirl<i. County fir-m estaliUihlng:*. free- tetry, at."
Frecport. pvrtlif -Sat-ranifcto &lyer.;: tTb^.ioJat-'
ie^wfll \>f Kofirtl; JUj>a .lJ-.' : >.|"";./ -•;>.:'• W"--J •
•'[' ikEW .-tO^J^riuiV^.^^e;:i.'!5«ath':'Js ! 'aa-.
.-'nfTiancf-d -of' B>t. "John <*'. Lcyrrt*, .p. : V EjL at
: : t1sRt ¦ Orahke; ••¦'!S., i.-'.'JIe-'was one-of thefbre
"xn--xt mittslbisary." .workerB Tn . tM Prwbytierlaii
:'¦ rfiiircj-.. ' Xjt. i<owr-e. was S2 ye*rs. of ajg;e. ; r- ; ¦• ••
. >:bCHIt?TElt|: N. "'.X.. June 'i.'— A hea\-y «
' dafttaq of. chi»rc'ical» at': the Eaptmah;. Kodak
'ii-orts.' Just ' -outside. th«» : - -city, rto-day • *r«>eked
:« 'i^rtloS -of. .-tJiai: .\-~>'.:.;r.F. roremsis Jr&cy.
ii ; »* .lnst&nUv'kiUwi.AtkiJ: aevecat others ?; were:
hj!JSr«H};--/.r: -^: !r^ - -t ; :::-|'-:- ;ii"',I.'^^: i«" ; 'J
-.¦;¦ Xt^TiAC,6'T)TZ\cmiM. Jun? ?:— The Pnt\'
"¦•J"nl oj^ntd Congfcs* t*-*ay. is. his address hie
,-fa»4'Chi;» wa& -.at. '.-peace :- with :sili-. the trofld,
• jcokI expressed j,"he hop^ -'?sf »u»-r*rly. *ettlein<-nt
: ot ; : tjie-'fiueeli«n*- pending betWTeen ! Peru • and
:Co:?via. '.:</ ¦ .;j,;; '\..^:;y-.. : V;'i./ : .'^ -- ; ;•:
¦ ; SANTA -ANA/: June I^Th* ina^guratjftn of
:'a'.:hcv -.^liectric.-jijrl.i . -.wjwlce here to-plfht -is
..oHJiS celebraied.obi 1 b-iotaing cannnn. hujre.boh
•Srf r ; and . blowlcc of hrorns: &nd >t<"a.»n TwhistieK.
' rii«'-'»-hot» pnpalanph of the town W4« on the
.'/ftrt-cta aiid'tne... noise wm de&lenins. - : • ¦ . : - '¦ •' .
; : TUCSdJf. : June 1.'— Sev^r* for+ii fires art rag-'
: .'.iit:ia-'th» .Santa <7ata!!r.a I'oy&uting. near this
'soitit. T3i* force of we-n ; pent . out by :j*» Oov
•rpn~.ent' hts: brf*: unable: t* cope with, the nre
»nSJ if- .has rpreart :6rer an ¦ area -of mare: .than
¦ :vi : tTry rsfies'.l.«hit.ap<J te.n lelleswlfle.^".; r| t?+j
'¦¦'. VANCOUVER. Wajh.^June'; iwOrfiers! liare
'i^ti. rtflvfi- by Poet C^r-man-der L.l.eut«nant
..Toion^l VTIHlaJn Dou^h^rty at 'Viuicouyer 'Bar
.¦rapk* flir»ctln)rC'>Tjip»'Jiy .M. R^Tentli Infantry,
'•ji ; fQ?ETnand of- lifeu tenant B»nt, to proceed to
•;Ct*ifT fi'A!efce.' I-lalio. to i.Uie rtatlon. -. !-r-.''
; Tv ABrins'GTON.: Jun* X-^The 'monthly it*te
'.¦'rAnt of the nutjilt tf^bt rhrrs-s that «t the c!o*e
*;»f i'bju«inert-:Ma'y 31.. 15*).' the- <J*bt, I«^a <-a?h In
¦ihe-' treafurj', atnouTjtrd to. I1.12S,«O*,S11, ;*
¦:reawj fof:the.»i3ntli of 12,133.27.4,-. which Ijj'-.«a
¦'tountc-d tr>r; by- the ¦ redemption o£ bonds. ]:; : .
'. T>ASHI^GTd:>. June X.— The "monthly state
; ji^nt of the Coipj.troller cf the. Currency «how«
-. A*t at tby chweofbuninrst May .81; .. .1309; the
¦iotsii clrculflilon'. ©* national bank notes': was
Wi%\t%,h^-mn iherease fftrihe ; year of J5S,t2«.
m and :.n A-)cri'!i.x' for the -month of Jl-',21'i,;"CJ.
¦ R ACR A' JtE?iTO. •¦ June 1.— An • ankn»wfl ¦sha.ri
ii-Lt c ¦¦ i cius.of are die4 zhortly before Boon
TELEGRAPHIC NEW S CONDENSED
PETITE DELLA FOX
DEGLARED TO BE
OF UNSOUND MIND
speech lasting; an 1 hgur and a half. The
proposed; amendment,, he said, b&re upon
its .face Irrefutable evidence that . it was
not intended jo: be. placed; in the'Constl
tution to control trusts; but to bo placed
in the campainEti t.b delude voters. > '
I am wnijhg to; amend tho Constitu
tion, said pe Armond, "but I am not will
ing to amendVH- so as to take froni pur
States the- poiwer they ' now possess to
createand control corporations.*: •-. •:¦
In: conclusion De Armond appealed to
hls.pemqcratlc colleagues not ta vote for
the. resolution^' • • :' - ; : ¦
McCalliSprihgs a Surprise.
A. surprise .was irr store for th« Repub
licans when a few: minutes wen) . yielded
to McCall. of .Massachusetts, who said he
would vote for the Littlefleld bill, but
would vote against the resolution. "The
resolution," he said, "brings the: promise
.to the ear;. l?ut breaks- it to : the hope."
(Democratic applause.) ¦.-:¦¦¦-..
Proceeding, McGall declared that the
amendment was more far-reaching, than
might bo supposed at first blush. It might
be used to; place all individual combina
tions under the ban. It would strike, a
deadly blow.;: at individual liberty and
might: be used -to: destroy labor organiza
tions. No. amendment, was: necessary un
til every weapon in the constituiolnai'arm
ory had been exhausted. (Prolonged- Dem
ocratic applause.)/' - •:.:.•' ' ¦ •
Cummings oi;.:New York isald:'-. "Under
the. guise : of an effort to destroi* trusts
this, is really .a": measure drawn in their
interests. . It Jis: being used to tide over a
Presidential election... I know it. is. alleged
that •"William : Jennings Bryan advocated
a constitutional amendment to' : down
trusts., buj; this.no more resemble^ the
amendment advocated by him than a deck
of cards resembles the nihle." .-• .
Littlefleld o£ Maine closed the debate
for the resolution. He contrasted the rec
ords <jf the two parties on the trust ques
tion-to show that such legislation as had
•been- enacted ;: ncrninst trusts had been
placed Upon the- statute books under the
auspices of the Republican party..Repub
lican promises;' he said, were never out-
Jawed. Democratic: promises were never
fulfilled, :;.-.";¦ ? • :
The- vote -was taken; by ayes and noes,
both sides' risinj? fin masse to second the
demtind for a : i;oll' call: :- ¦ . ... '¦. : : . . '
Speaker Henderson had his name' called
when/ the roll call ; was concluded and
voted for .the resolution, which was de
feated, 154 to .131,; the requisite two-thirds
not having voted for It. The. announce
ment, was greeted : with Democratic ap
plauBie.- ¦' ."•.:' : ;. ¦.¦;'."': ' '¦': :¦..
At ; 5:35 p. m.the: House took a recess
until- 8 o'clock..:: : :. = :•:•;• ¦
¦ .At. the night session the bills to ratify
the treaties- made by. the Dawes commis
sion ;-5Vith the Cherokee and Creek Indians
werepassetf, and at 9:45 p. m. the House
¦itdjotirnectr^ ! '":'::'¦ ;"'•'¦ • . •; '
¦ ¦'.¦ ''In Colorado -women have the franchise
rightj They were crazy, for Bryan in 1S96.
They : are not enthusiastic about nim this
year.: California will be for our candidate.
Several other Bryan States will be with
us. ¦•*-;¦-•¦--: •• ¦ ¦ : :
*'E>oft't understand me as* meaning that
there Is nothing-but McKlnley talk out
that way, for Bryan men are as sanguine
as ever and claim even more than is in
Blght. : : I have,, however, learned nothing
since 'leaving herei that was other than
encouraging.!'. >. V: ' •'.'! . :
: ; :^'&W jpiUtiJuiye p-y-JZ.lB. Oflell Jr..
chalriiiaji of.i.he' JtepubHcan State Com
rnltteie, returned to his home; at Nqwburgh
'tbfd^J:^^[hl8;fan^y^^pm':i&^^i 5 to'ttie
Pacific .CGaet.-'. Avhen;, he. went away: late
•in. AprlJ- air.: Qdell'.was being prpijilnently
mentioned for Vice : President. In speak-
Jng of the: political situation; he said:
.: -.'Of 'course, ;I ha.ye.lnet some 'leading
sta.t-ej$nien anfl- poiitliriaris,- have had <jonfl
d^ht5g.l : chats with; them: and have; learned
ehoii^h. to satisfy; .-me- ithat there Is no
qUeistJon that U)ie Republican candidate
for President lti Xbyembp^ will : receive
more . electoral vote-s from the Western
States than: he did In 1S36. • '; . ¦
Ifearned iDuring His . Repent
; : Xp :;Visittbj the':; West;:-/;; : - :
•cial -Dispatch •:" to' The^ Call.;' ' ¦' }¦ .' '
New:. York. Politician .T;ells What Ho
"This can be done by an act of Congress
makinjr it necessary tor a corporation or
ganized In any State to take out a license
from the. Federal Government- before do
ing business outside of. that State, the li
cense'not to Interfere, however, with reg
ulations imposed by other States." •
On pie question of expansion, with espe
cial Reference, to cbhdltibns. in the. Pacific,
llr. Bryaii- declares ;'¦¦':'. ¦• ' .
"If the Filipino is to be under biir dom
ination, he must be either a citizen: or a
subject. 1 If he is to be; a citizen ;it : must
bewith a view to partjcipatinBultimately
in our^..Government and 1 in the making of
0:ur. liiws. If the Filipino, is- to be a sub
ject, bur form of government must be en
tirely changed. -. A irepubiic : can haye no
s-ublects."' •: :,-¦' ' = '¦ •*: . ; : • ¦• ' .
CHAIRMANi ODELL TALKS ?
. . OF .COASTi POLITICS
"If -monopoly .really exists arid Is pre
vented from doing- business in any -State
the people of that State, will be. deprived
of the use of that particular article until
it can be- produced, within the State. In
stead of shutting monopoly out of one
State and leaving. It forty-four States to
do business lrti we should shut It up in the
State of its. origin and ! take the other for
ty-four away from it: . v ¦¦'¦¦-:'
NEW YORK, June 1.—^'Instead of re
earding the^ recent assault upon constltu.
tlonal .government— the attempted : over
throw of American principles— as a mat
ter of destiny; we may: rather consider it
as the. last plague, the" slaying of the first
born, which will end the bondage of the
Amepica n people and bring deliverance
from the Pharoahe who are enthroning
mammon and debasing mankind." ;
This is IVillUim J. Bryan's summing up
of the situation in American politics. It
occurs as the conclusion of an article en
titled "The Issue In the: Presidential Cam
paign" in the. Juno number of the North
American Review. The candidate for the
Democratic nomination, for President out
lines his plan of campaign, which he indi
cates will be made on the Issues of bimet
allism; anti-trusts and anti-imperialism,
this being the order in which he considers
the questions. • •" . . ' ' -. '• :.
"The.- issue presented .In the campaign of
3000," says Mr.. Bryan, "is an issue be
tween plutocracy and ¦ democracy. All
questions under discussion will in their
last- analysis disclose a conflict between
theiijolljy and the. man— a conflict as old
as the human ' race and one which will
continue as ions as the human race en
dures." ;:'-: .>•'. . '•• •
..This is the way: Mr* Bryan views the
trust : question: v :-
Special Dispatch to Th© Call.
Says the Old Conflict of the Dollar
and the Man: Will Be Fought
'. Out in the Coming
. ' ; . - . Campaign. '
Places Bimetallism ¦ Before
;. ¦'¦': ImperialistQ-and the
¦•'*.¦.* ¦<"¦... Trusts." "-.;- ; ?
BRYAN WRITES
OF THE ISSUES
TO BE DECIDED
..' --.'Tillfiian;£3id'. Ilaima !Clfts!i. ;V'.y
.: "Ha? the Senator ever read Garnesie's
ttstinjony." :iijcruir.ed Tillrnant.v "in wmch;
J)« Eaid t hat; tie could: begin the TnanufdC
tur*- of piate within nine months?" -.::•¦:;
r : "Oh, vj^s," saii H.iiir.a, it may fen
said in that .ctr.:if^t.ion that: Mr. 'Carnegie
had evcrj'thirig in r«a4»r.c-ss tot thf manu
facture e-f ii'.'t j.late at that. time." ...I.- >:
¦ —well,", retcr.tfrd" '.ttHman, "when: the
Senator is sy? rt<klcss in his statements
I thir.k 5t iaii:JFras v;e\l to call hlfc atten
tion to some :f <icts.?V - : i. ? •-.' ¦: - :¦ : Y '}¦¦:¦
"If I were .*o : r<-tik lefts in my Etatetaents
8fi.1s the Sc«aa 6r trom. South Carolina,",
said Hmna nar^ly, "I should feel badly
CJi><>ut it." .-';: "-.:-. ;-..;"¦¦: :::-.- ::.-'.-. •:.".: 7;
Hanna then. proce>dpa to point out ; that
. It would be im-jiosFibie ; to gtt.the neces
i=ar>- prosses lor th<* armor plate factory
under two y«.rs:; us they had to-i>e tnade
on special orAtrr... and &e declared . th^t : i.t
r,ow was impossible to. maite a contract
for. an engine _;< if l.'tfrj horsepower to be de
tJNTered under'a year and a half.':.' ; : : _'.
VHow <ioes: itiinppen^" ln<juire<l TillixiEth.',
"that f?e\T-ra;i i.Ht^^l mills have recently
been shut £ovfft.-it that be true?" ¦ •::.";;, :
"The sanje.liian whq: said he could man-"
afacturesteei armor plate atJ250 per ion,"
.That the senior nrnjor grfiwrai commandlns:
the arjny f halt, have the, rank, pay and ¦ -allow
ances of a lieutenant. 'general,': an<J hlg personal
shall toaV<? therar.k, pay and nUowiuices:
authorized; ¦Joi'. the £ta.CC of a Ifeuteriant. geij-'
eral. j' ¦¦'•¦''.' :" :.'•.• '¦'¦''- ". .-¦ ':'¦ • . . .''¦ ':'¦¦!
: The adjutant general: rt the arniy shall hSre
the rank, ray and allowances ¦ of a- major '.gen-.
eral . of the army of tlie United ; Ptsites. : and : on
his retir»-in«nt::6hall receive the retired pay; of
that rank-'v.'' 7 '.';•/" ..;.-• : . -..-'' : - : : ;•¦':"¦¦' .'
: This latter provision to apply '.only vto
;the incumbent. General Corbjn;'.;;- :• .•.';'¦
That: the corps of cadets shall consist of prie
frf'in <^«ch Ojnsrressiorial: district, on« from each
Territory, one from the District of Columbia
and fifty from the United States at large, .not
mere than t!w-o of whom shall befrom the eame
State. : Tftey fhall b*^ .at>pointpd by the; I»reSI
dent and shall be actual residents or the Con*
.. ftresslr'naJ .or i Territorial districtfs;- tr ot the
District of. Cclurnhla or of the StatPn respect
ively frnm Wjil-ch. thej- ;purport t6' bS' appointed.
'¦ ;: On : rnottpn .of Fairbanks. It-was aifrredd
tn consider the Cuban extradition. bill im
mediatf-ly ¦ after the.' general :. deficiency
bill.IIoar declaring that it would/ be
national scandal if action wcr* not had
on the blH prior to final adjournment.. -.
;. ITASnijCGTOi , June 1.— The Senatorial
. debate to^-aay. was mustlc and as warm
*ls the vt.-ca.ther outdoors. : At times the
exchanges .between Senators . ordered on
personalities.; . Much of the uiscusslon was
cf a political nature, although in •;thcm
;selves the iquestldns.; involved were; not ;
-..'essentially, political. ! *rr exciting, dlscus
eion arose over the armor-plate question,
A sharp political twist was given to the
debate by a speech which Hanna of Ohio
•delivered In \lavor of leaving • the whole
ina.tter 5n the hands ¦'. ot the. Sena.te : <x>n
ierecs and of coiiferring. discretionary
power upon the Secretary of the Nay in
accordance with the House proposition.
He becajne ihvoJved in a controversy with
. Tinman of South Carolina, and Allen of
Nebraska over.: the (Jovernmt-nt's ability
to manufacture arntor satisfactorily, in
which the fi»arkK flew, to the intense in
terest of the auditors. Teller of Col
orado, AIlc;i aiid i*extigrew of South Da
kota replied; io.Hat;na, all ppeaking -in a
political; vein.- The bill \ras finally; re
iurned So coiif erentjii '• : ¦ . ¦•. :
.When . the r.aval bill was cailed up
Ilaie for ¦, the. cohTerees ropteni ¦: an
«<ther . disagreement on tlie ! sub
ject of armcr jjiatefs surveys a«d cours<?
Ot studies atthe Naval Academy. He said
ihtre was ah nhstilute deadlock between
the confereeij of-the '¦"¦two. Houses, and- he
expressed, a. de«ir« ihat St^nators ; state
lhe;r xtiev/% -fryejy^ In -order, that the- Sen
a:^cpnftre<s anight liave • the benefit of
•'thcTr. :Oplnipiis And '¦ suggestions. . • •
::7illmaa of South..^jjollaa, one of the
cdnferefs, <lo'-c!<ire'd l3e:.wou;ld rathi-r. the
W.l laJl' tliarij that the Seriate
¦fc.b(?-ul.d £:ield to the House proposition. ¦
. i Hacna Advocates Greater Havy.
Hanna. of Ohio, a ihcmbei of the Com
mtttt-e on Na.vai 'Affsa'rs. taid that since
lUs advent iaio the Senate be had devoted
considerably: iinie to a. study of the armor
j.>ate xjuestiaiii . ¦ lie. Was ¦ lamlliar with
vit'jivf ni tiifiTtar. aR-d'. had' some knowledge
¦'cf-the arciSr: matter' from personal irives
•jigaUpn. He wag jn fa.Vor of the construc
• tip-?' : of -A.f orxnidatile.: navy &s rapidly as
farifl;" wa&- Ka.tisaod i that the delay
tn ike. iuiiaing' now iwas aye to. a great
txtent to-. : t& ¦¦Qppofcitlpn of the Senators
irdrn Soujii Carolina; fTfllnUa) and : ; New
liampsnire (Hitiiiictier): to the payment of
¦¦ft Teaxj'iATjJ^ pncevf or " r armor. ¦¦ ¦:•¦ ••:
' ¦••yi-.<? ¦¦rwsp'ciis'ifcaiity: -for- this delay," said
iif. "-rosit? :-.Vf'po)i these; two :Senutors :. for
ijuiiing'SL' pftve : o»i armor "rb.elow ! that : at
wiiich 1| wbukl..be; ; xnaiiUfat'turcd by.-any
<-i>r.ctrn' in Aito.cotmtiry. and tlie Senator
¦from SotitH. ;Car<JU.na: has . giver' you '. the
-iiTrittius o.f -WS--. -oppjositloij . whj?n ; Jie- Sa.id
t^.aVbe-Wouijl'rai;ier see the:bil.: fail than.
¦ i«ave iiriy Cy.nctiJ?iong made,; to the armor.
'C^paii^B.''*-!'." C- : ¦ ¦ : a"; :¦¦ ••* .. ':'. \- ¦'¦'..
••- iJu : iifsi'' ; -respQ'ijsibfntj"-- : as- a Senator he
Wi«f -s=aus:Vid-t< 3 ; say . that t«5. per ton waa-;
'.pot. -cnXj" . a; r«iioUat>l©- but a. : low price, tor
p.rjiior. r r -' r . -*'; ''.'-:¦?'¦'¦¦¦!¦ '¦ : .' -:¦::¦¦'.>'¦. ¦¦.
.t.-nWd-. i)Ot: t?i«.: : lilin;i£a*:- St^l Compah}'."
iii-Qtiired W'eUici5;;on'.cf Maryland, "<srt : er
iw ttzikr/jlKi :y&Vtrii;mtiTfs iirinor for; $*J63
: Uce«' -st'h>tif^j!g: aoout ': tKar.. transaction.
.It- .-vr'as :st puive-' bJuff. vTlit- cjiupan>v;had
iridt -idcxL ~Kh^i'i'- s ¦o/ie.r vrouid betaken, se
¦ridrisiy.'-^'.-. ¦¦• : - ¦::¦'¦¦¦¦¦'¦¦¦'. : ': r •:•::•.: :•.¦¦; ¦•¦'-'¦- '' v*
: . "Iri a&MXXiitx . to that.'.^: fnterjected Pen>
rt'** ¦!;••¦ JrJ^sylraijia, -the company fttlp-.
:iiiari'd ii >hfti;Hi fciyei a contract: Of "XSXi
'¦¦\k>z\* : 4tni:.Jia.Jly.: ? ¦ '¦¦!¦.¦,¦¦¦¦''•"¦': :h'-.':- : ' V ¦?..^ '¦"¦<¦¦
'-:¦ ' "Yfes.t ''.-is irun ; ,". F.-iid Hanna.. "biit It did
riot ¦¦»*•».«<¦ tiloLtewntraict; at afty. price,;'! <->:
,:--pertiier uvpziz; ilarjaa artjUed that it.
:v--cb5<1 be. tbeijjiartPf-Tii'isd&jn.to place Jlie
¦tiiatUT srltlii'ivihfl-. •discretion ot tht-;Srcr*-:
:\an : ¦'-. <>i .¦' thv. Ma »•>•»: : was .every where
:i'»>*jard.ed i»s .a.:i ;.u-pright- an>l •• honorajjle ;
i.iA3. ••' 1 l&n nit.'- a,rffued .. t Ua 1 it ¦ : -a-ou Id be : lm«
: i" -.-rififrh' 5<v tonstruct an aroior ; plate plant ;
: umii-r ¦¦ riye'-yeKTf.: that- oouLd: :supply;:- ; t;h«.j
';*ifvt.vTnrnient. i \*1th i PUitable- '-: armor, and : \
:'ihvn "¦ it woiiMvCost perhaps : M per ceiit :
'ftrore tfcati" it fcouid. be : ' -procured -'fo-r from
: a; : :fjriva-t?S'Coiie?rn, ¦' ' : - Ki>. :: : ':'-- :,'¦¦. r.. ¦
retorted Hanna ; "closed down the steel
mills to influence the stock market. -y.
"That is the way with men when they
become millionaires through the medium
of trusts," returned Tiilman. caustically.
"They all "become liars and thieves.' . .
J "\V«11." replledHanna calmly, M
'< hop<> the Senator does not mean quite
] that." "¦•.. • • • '
! "Oh." said Tlliman, "I mean the f re
n-.ark only as a general propoFitlon/ . .
Hanna was then proccedln;; with his ols
cussion of the m.inuf.icture of armor
plate, carrying his description from the
ore mines to the completed «hip. when he
was interrupted by Allen of Nebraska.
• "Is the Senator familiar with the manu- ¦
faoture of armor plat^?"
; "Iarn not," emphatically replied Kanna.
Shell-Proof Political Armor. ;¦
"Has the Senator ever manufactured
arr.ior plate?" pursued Allen. -. : ¦ ¦'
"No.": ¦ . • ':-. :.:.¦;¦ .
"None but political armor plate," sug
gcsied Allen sarcastically.
"None but political armor plate," re
torted Hanna. turning- squarely to Al
len.: "Ami i have found that pretty in
vulnerable." {ApplauFe and laughter.)
In conclusion Mr. Hanna protested
against the making of the armor-plate
question a persona.1 matter. ¦ ; • - •' -
"I protest." said he, "aerainst thesto.t''
ment of the mi-n who say'that they would
rather see this bill fail than that it
should pass containing a provision to pay
a reasojiiible price for armor." : , = .
. Klktns. of : Vv t-6t -Virginia contended that
the pro-per v.-ay to dispose of the- matter
waf to leave it to the Secretary; but it
mi?ht be well to fix a limit to the prlcie.
Allen said this discussion had brought
out the fact that the friemls of 'the trusts
were in the paddl<?. ¦ No previous.discus
sion ¦ had b<?<?n t-uflicient to bring' Hanna
or Elklr.s to the front, "but the. moment
that we attack one of these trusts that
nre preparing; to rob the country p.f mU
lions of dollars." he eaid. "they, appear
here, as advocates of this great octopus
and ! undertake to persuade the Senate
that.: the Governra>nt; phould .not manufac
ture armor plate, but that itphould stand
up and allow itself to be rifted.':* . -.
Teller Bajd he had not intended to bring
polities into: this' controversy,' but that
when the chief representative of the Ite
publican: party, as he regarded' Hanna,
ct\ me here 'as the cliampion. of the com-^
blnationp. h^ felt that he. was justified !n
sayicgr that the Republicans expect to re
peat' this yf-ar the tactics of \$%, which
consisted: of levying assessments upon 1
every manufacturing institutlqn' In the
country. . : ' ; ¦.•:" :¦ . ;• • ¦ ¦ ••• •• " • i . '¦' ;•¦;
• "I: deny the statement," interjected
Hanna. *'It is not truo.".-'- ;. ; : ; / :•'¦¦
"1 expected the .dpr{al." resparided Tel
ler. ."Technically the charge may not be
true. but. substantially it is. It: is noto
rious that the national banks were all
Assessed. Even the; banks. -of.. Colorado
were notified that they were expected to^
moke contributions for the election of the
Republican ticket/* ': -;' : :' ': ' -... ¦-. '
:¦¦.. . Democracy's^ Campaign /Fund.;".;;
¦Hanna— The First National . Baink -jjbt
T)enver was the rt-cipient of 'ail; the con
tributions of. the.'; t)<imocratic campaign
fund, -and its -president: was-the,: solicitor
gencrai for them." -. : ..¦'.'..-• : '.'': '..-. -j :::./
-Teller— liT that is true the amount raised
wns iniconse.quenttal; •'¦': : •.:.'*'. ;! <¦".'/¦ :s
¦:Hanna^Ovtr:J200,U00:. :'¦ '¦)'.; ¦'.*. "¦¦.:'¦¦¦'¦ •(: '
Teller — Ohiiio; JknoW <jf every . dollar
that went through thiit bank for. tbecara
i»algTi^". . :: :.' : ;-^.-'v/. :¦ •• : - /.¦'¦ ;-;.¦¦• i^;\";/:jji' '
: "So do I, 1 * respoiide<J..Hahh : a, .- : -' ; ' : ':"- ;'y '
: "Then; 1 *, replied Toiler, ¦: ''the : ; Senator
knows that : the. amoiiiit Was j not 5200^000,
nor : Ji00.00*J;elther.:: '' ';;'.- • y. S« .•;;,:, I. : -.^\\
-. An aye :and novyote wa,«.' 'taken; . :pn
Hale's mottpn further to insist; upon' the
Stnatp ;amen<3jiieu|Ls. vtofllsagree to the]
proposed :a3nendment Tof the. House-i as : to I
armor plate;- and :: ; that . the- Seriate; : a r gr^e I
to a *u.rthf-r conffr«*nce. ' The motion- was :
agreed to: u'rianijnqujpjy,; sixty-'thrie.e .'.vot^s
being ;ca?t. y-H^lef Perkins and;i Tillnian
tt-ere appointed as vconfereesi.c;". i ; ! :: ;;r. >j: .;;; ¦
. :" Seventy-nine poris.fan bills -'were- passed.'
The military :acaaemy appropriation Wll
was passed : withltije following : a.tnend
abent*:.,;.f.:.';K-..i •¦•'.. vj] : . - : ':•: : •:.;':' :-.;''¦ ¦¦¦]".
fianna, Speaking on the Irmor-Pla^
;; Problem^ Answers tli6 Giiarges
i I of His Galuniiiiators. U &£s
SENATORS IN BITTER
PARTISAN WARFARE
Hm tTa Tidied ! the Business of .the
•'¦>;Cfaviernin'ent : for;^earjy -Sixt^ ..
/.!:;.. -..Ki r \:- . : : -•'¦years. ';: ..>-;. '¦'.
; HQNOIi^LUlMay':25>^Qn June 14th the
Uhltid'.'StateS Consulate, here Vwin ; : clbse
for'ail .tini?.'. Haywoedis no;vv.:oh
his- way. bick frdrti .XVashington.'and.will
bring the orderis %o- that effect; v Just what
wfll; :be.1&one with. :tho\ record a at tb<* ofr
flc^;v|6iii ; e ?df whicK". : are,- .quite- valuable;
histpjricacny iahft.ptherivise, '¦. will ,.no,t be
known untflithe Consul Rets hpre; Poubt-^
less .they :.wiir;go to--Wa8h.ihgt6ri to -be
filed 'among; the archtves of. the Govern
ment;. IFurnfture -.and other •: parapher."
ftalta will Hkfely be -sold at auction.. :.;• •
• -Thei.Amei1can';Con!Sulate in T :. JEIo.hp1ulu
has ; ha4,Et icohtiriuanco of nearly si.xty
yearsi : in 'Which time; i;t has handj.ed niiiny
fmpflrtant fmaUtrai -and :. passed' : through
many;.- critical .perlads.' At- -times- iti-'rhas
ha-a^tO-E.tjind; as : the Washington Gpvfirh
me.tjt. between Hawaii ¦ and other po^efs;
Lord. Charles BeresfOrd : .onc.e;'.sawcd: off
the -wihga/ of: the' eagle, over its. door 1 , but
was fully forgiveft when, two years later;
he Ihqlped Vytth Great : Britain ;to. sustain
th.Ose.WirtfeS;?: ' ; ; ; : i . "" •¦ •:-.:,¦ •', ";••':-•
;lh..th6;flfty.-seven. or sixty iyearg of : the
Consulate; here , there have : : been many
reprqientatlyiRs : 6f the tthited- States: in
chflifgp. Mr.: Severance was Consul at. the
time nf the; overthrow in 1893.- He was
succeeded a year later by Ellis/ Mills, 1 : the
private secretary of Mr. Blpuht. ¦• In ;.1SO7
>Lr. jlaywpdd was ; appointed and came
out. ' During his incumbency :ihe:iast.- of
the line of ' Consuls from: .Washington/ to
Honolulu : has: given eminent, satisfaction.
.'¦ ¦'' '.- • -" : '¦ ' ' ' • '' ' '.-' ¦ '-.
Army Promotions.
WASHrNGTON, June 1.— The following
promotions; in the. volunteer army, all of
the^ Thirty ifirst. Infantry, have been an
nouric'fld :•'• • ; • - 1 : ¦ • -. ¦ ¦¦. ' •
-Major IilpydM. Brett, to' be .lieutenant
colonel: Captain-Ci. P. St.' Ivers.. to be
major; FJi-St Lieutenant Benjamin : Stark
Jr., to be captain; Second Lieutenant W1I
fgrd Twym.an. to be:first lieutenant; Ser
geant -p. W. Strong,. Company A. Thirty
fitth.Infantry, to.be second lieutenant.
CLOSING; OF AMERICAN V
iK CONSULATE At -HAWAII
WASHINGTON, .June-li-'The House of
Representatives to-day, after a lively de
bate . extending over two days, defeated
the Joint resolution proposing a constltu-.:
tlorral amendment, empowering Congress
to regulate trusts;. It requires, a. two
thirds, vote under. the constitution toadopt:
an amendment to the constitution;.: The
voto stood ayes 154, noes 131C ! , . ; .
The affirmative:- vote;, therefore, was!
thl^y-eight -short.' or -the requisite ;two
thlrds. 182. Five Pemocrats-r-Campbell of;
MuiUan*; Naphen of 'Massachusetts,-;
Seudder ofVcvy York, Sibley -af .Permsyl-^
vania ami. Thayer of. Massachjis.etts— and,
one SHverite-^Newiands of Nevada— voted
with the Republicans for the resolution,
and two Itepublicahs— Uoudipf Gaaifprnia
and McCall of Massachusetts— with^ the
Democrats. These were the only . breaks:
from party lines. The Populists .voted,
solidly against the resolution. ; .. '
The debate preeeding : Ihe vote had a
strong political flavor throughout and- was;
at times very personal. The/features Were
the closing speeches of De Armond of Mis^
sourland Llttlefield of Maine for the re
spective sides; and the short, speech -of
McCall of Massachusetts against th^.res
oluUon.. - McCall has distingu<shed hirhr
self before: during this session In opposing
the action! of his .colleagues on the Porto
Rlcan bill. His action to-day was unher-'
aided and, therefore attracted, the . more
attention:/; '•''.¦¦¦'•. ¦¦'.-. '.';.•'" •:;¦'
-. Boeriiig ; tlie First. Spealter. " ;•.
The debate opened quietly arid without
Incident. Boering of Kentucky- was the
first" speaker. 'He advocated the adoption
of the amendment.': \: <¦> . -._:.¦: .-
Fleming) of. Georgia reiterated. ; th©
charge that the Republicans had' no'in
tention of putting through both houses
either the; pending, resolution .or the Ut
tlefietd bill.-. :• : ¦ ; : --. : '
Hamilton of Michigan said If there' was
tb be control of trusts it must be exer
cised by tho Federal Government, and a :
constitutional, amendment such, as was
proposed. In the pending resolution was
essential.- . ; ' ¦ -. . • . .."¦¦. ¦;':.¦
NewlandS; of Nevada said he Agreed
with the- minority that the proposed 'con
stitutional, amendment was a makeshift,
intended, to meet a political emergency,
and. without Intention of finally
being .; incorporated In the : Constitutions
But. he said, he. diftered with the minor-:
ity asto what should be done.; He woiJld
vote, for it" because he believed- the Fed^
eral .Government should have- enlarged
powers rather, than that: It ¦ shoultt hot
exercise any power at all. He appealed
to the Democrats to Join lit passing- the
resolution and sending it to the Republi
can • Senate. Let the. Senate,.; he urged,
take the responsibility of defeating it:: , , : .
Thayer of Massacliusetts defined a trust
a» something which. Mr, Harina could hot
palm off as the result of thrift, push and
tair.dea.ling of the American: people.'
.:; " : O.bio Politics Creep 'In,. -.:'.: :•'¦ •;
Grosyenor of Ohio devoted a fewrnln-.
utes-'to explaining that the failure. of Ohio
Republicans to nominate Attorney-Gen
eral Monnett tv\ Ohio did not indica-te thnt
they, were opposed, to- the prosecution:; of
trusts. ' ¦.'.: • ;• •; : ; .. : . :;• : "¦• . " • ':¦. , '..' .
' l>hiz of Ohio, said .it- was exceedingly
pleasant .for h!ni to hear Grosyehor. apol
ogize fort the third time for the treatment
of -Attorney-General Monnett by the: Re
publican party of Ohio. Monrieitt, he saitl,
had prosecuted one trust in phio in- spite
of the ; temptation of a, bribe 0f J40p,0d0-und
in spite of the : browbeating . of -.the -Re^
publican press; of the Sta.t«.-..;Lentz then
had read ftn : interview &f. the date of;- May
19, 1500,: with Mtrnriett, ¦ in which he. pire
dtcted that tho Republicans :bf: the^ State'
would; be: punished for their treatment .'-ot
the trusts.: s . ;.'-\v. •* ;. •: ¦¦ .-'.-.i.;.;' - : '•• -.- : •' •
. ."MrJ ¦ Monnett ' does ¦ not eiy : . 'he . ?pas '
turned flown," observed. -GrpsVenbr. 1 ' .-:•' ;.'
. "You know," replied Lentz,' 1 "that >Ir. :
Monnett was acandidate for.Gbverhtjr as
the champion : of the : people, against
trusts, yc:t 'not. a single ::RepubHcah dele-i
gate dared raise his voice in his favor.
He got but twenty-eight votes.: 1 You have
a reputation as a mathematician. Here is
a problem for you: If Mr. Monnett, for
fighting one trust, got only twenty*elght
votes, now: many, votes would he have re
ceived if he bad fought all the trusts?"
(Applause and laughter.)
Pearce of Tennessee read a signed.In
terview with General Grosvenor, printed
some time ago, declaring that a consti
tutional amendment was unnecessary to
deal with the trusts. After' further re
marks by Reeves of Illinois and Clayton
of New York, De Armond of Missouri
closed the debate for his side with a
an Interesting statement In regard, to
Chinese commerce last year, which., the
Consul says, was characterized' by.' an
astonishing development. The net value
of the import trade for 1899 was $1SS.1O3.77S.
double that of 1S90. The importation of
opium was overta million pounds in excess
of. the Imports during the preceding year.
The trade in cotton goods, which had re
mained practically stationary for three
years, made a great advance, rising from
$54,255,557 in 1S9S to 173,571,917.
"It is a humiliating fact," says Consul
General Goodnow. "that of the total ton
nage of vesels entering and clearing from
Chinese ports lnst ye'arythtr United States
only contributed one per cent; of the total
tonnage .entering from foreign ports the
American flag lloated over only three per
cent." ' : : ¦' \: ¦.¦.'¦'¦¦. • • ;¦¦••• :,:¦
Antprast CM
K :=;¦; Defeated! fciy§the in |S ;; ;
• - ¦ the House. , •• ' , y^-fl ;"i-
DEMOCRATIC PARTY
GOES UPON RECORD
THE SAN, FEANCISCQ QA±L, / S^ W, 1900;
CONGRESS WRESTLESS WITH TRUST QUESTION
8
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
MILL VALLEY ; AND MOUNT TAMALPAIS
SCENIC RAILWAY-rCommenclng Sunday
April 22. 19C0, via Sausallto Ferry. Week
days— Leave San Francisco, 9:30 a. m.. 1:45
p. m. Sundays— Leave San Francisco 8 a. tn.
y a: rn.. 10. a. m.. 11 a. m., 1:30 p. m... 2-33
p. m. • Wedaesday, ! Ma;y 30 (Decoration d*y>
irair.a will run on Sunday; time. Tickets can
be purchased at . the Sausallto Ferry, north
end of the Union Ferry Depot, foot of Mar-
ket St.. San Franfelsco.- Fare, round trip from
San Francisco. XI 40.
BAILKOAD THAVETj.
BORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
: : :..-¦; Via Soysollto Ferry.: .:": ; ¦; v ..-
. ¦ .' f .. ' Commencing April H. 1300.
FROM $AN FRANCISCO TO JflLI* VAIXET
V ¦ AND SAM RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-7:00. *S:29, 3:39. U:C0 •. m.\
i«-45 •1-45 1:18, 4;15. *5:lz, C:15, «:40 p. m,
EXTRA TrtlPS-For' Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays, at »:C0 and 11:25 p. m. .
SCNDAYS-T:C0. *iM. '10:'». 11:00. H:J»
a. m.; K-&. *l- w . 2:30 > '3-** 5:<». »:0O. 7:S>
li:C0 a. m. does not. run to San Rafael Sua-
marfced (•) rnn to San Qnentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
DATS-«:3S, «S:20. 7:50. 8:40. »19:li a.
m 12:30. 1:15. 2:U '3:30. 4:.W. 5:30 p. m.
pXtra TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdnys «t ««:43 and 10:20 p. m.
4l.'Nr>^TS-6:15. # S:fl0. »S:i0. 'lrOOa. m.; •12.C9
m : I:*! 2:15. «S:». 4-0. 'J^. S:4i. 7:J0. 10:a»
w»rke<l (•) rtart from San Quentln.
TOOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRA-VCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 8:13. «:*5. 8:00. 8:a. 10:J0 a.
m • 12:». I:* 5 - 2:45. 3:30. 4:.'O. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday?. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— «:35, S:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.: 12:1*
1*0 J:I5. 3:4S. 4:53. «:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
' THROUGH TRAINS. •-.:¦
7.-C0 a. rci. week tlaTs — Cazadero and way »ta-
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Carafiero and way stx*
tlon*. . • •
5:15 p. rn. weekdays (Saturdays excepted>—
Point R*ycs and way . statlcna.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way iu.
tlon».
. 12:45 p. >n- Sundays— Point Reyes and • wajr
statlcna. - - ¦ ¦•
'.;:.!• ' RAILRbAB!: TRAVEL^ ; ; : 'l-:.;\'';
of... ...-; ..;.... :...¦¦ '..:..... — ....;. *&
I Philadelphia |
-.8 AND RETURN via g
I Route... I
8 : Tickets Sold June §
g = : H 12th and 13th gboct
g o. to return 60 days;; ¦¦ O
I Gffice, 628 iMarket St. l§
I," ' i] * " ] : 1
CALIFORNIA NOSTEWESTERN RY. CO.
. LESSES : : : :
SAS FRANCISCO 'AND NORTH PACIFIC
¦ •¦ : RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 7:20. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
8:30. 5:10. : 6:30 p. m. Thurada.y»— Extra trip
at 11:30- o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
nnrt 11:30 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:60. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; '1:30, »:30.
0:00. 6:20 B. m. - [ ;
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
¦3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at>
1:55 and <:35 o. m.
SUNDATS— 8:10, 9:43, 11:19 a. m.: 1:40, 3:40.
C:C5. 8:23 ?. m. ¦: : . : '- : -
• Between Pan Francisco and Schuetzen Park
Barne gchedule a» above. : ¦ . -. ¦'. ¦'¦'"-.¦
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive:.
San Francisco. [Apr. 16, 1900.) San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I 1 Sun- . 1- Week
Days. ( days, f Destination.] days. } Pays.
7:30 am 8:00 »m' Novat6. 10:40 ami. #40 am;
8:30 pm 9: SO am, Petaluma. 8:06 pmilO:23 km
6:1 J pm 6:00 pm; R.-«a. 7:35 pmf itZO pm
.'•: ¦¦•.'• ... ; .; ' Fulton., . :¦.'.¦ ¦'[¦ j"!-.'.' .:
7:30am ". ¦:¦;.- Wlncl»or..'.' : . .;;¦ ¦;: 10:t5 am
¦ ; .: •' ¦ .:.' • .-¦: Hentdsburjf. '¦'..'"¦ ..-• ::.;.-•'.•..:?
'¦ '." -'¦':' '' . ' : L.ytton.- ".::'',- l\" : l -'i '.'¦:¦¦'.
¦::•- . :¦' - : ;- Oej-serviUe. •::.-. •"-••. ; ': j.V.:>,'.i.
3:30 pm 8:00 am ;Cloyerd$[le, ;7:33 pm t£t> pm'-
7:30 am! • : f Hopland l.r- ¦¦?iOi'Kam:
¦3:30 pm| 8KI0 amf and ¦ IHdfth. (7:35 prqf. Cv2Q f ta
•.¦v::>am .-\' :^: - '. .:••:-:'. . t. ¦¦:,-. ' -..-./aoJiS am'
¦ ": : 8:00 an Gue.rnevjlle. T:33 ptai'- ; - '-¦ ¦ ¦''¦¦' '-
3:30 pm ". -. ¦;• >: . , . ¦••'- -.. :: .'-. ¦' ;-:'; ¦ \"\. «.:J9.pjn.:
.7:*i>am 8:00 ami .Sonoma •. 9:13 am) S;40 am
.'•:¦¦• • ¦>. :; •;/.!¦: .: and •.-=:¦ • .'-. ¦;¦(¦ ',¦,::¦<¦ - :
.. 5:10 pm .8:00 pm| Glen-; Et^enJ. 8:05 prill. 6i2i> pnt .
/.TiSO ami 8:C0 ami ¦ ' .'- -.-¦¦' 110:40 amUa.-25 am
3-:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopot. I .7:35 pm!-6:20 pnv :
tstases cbhnect at Santa Jltsii tor ATark tVe^t :
Srrlnrs aivl,W.hlte Sulphur Sprtrifrs: at FSjltcs :
.for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geysen-llle for Skaggs Sprlr.rB: at Cloverd.ile
for the; .nevsers: at: Hopland for . Duncan
Pprtnjr^. Highland Sprjncs. KelseyvtUe Caris-
had SprlnRs. Soda Bay, Lnkeport and BaVtlett •
Eprlnssrat Uk!ah for.Vlehy Sprtn S3 , Sxratoja
Pprlrsrs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake/ Witter
fcprlnss. t rper Lake.Pom/>. Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside. Lierlev's. bucknolls
Sanhedrin Helehts, ' ¦ 'HulinuV. Orr's 'Hot
Sprlnss. Mendnoino City. Fort Brant West-
Egrt. L'ral. Wllllts. .Lavtonvme. taZ
Bells Spring, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. ScotU
Pdturd.iy to Monday round trto tickets ' at
reduced rates. •" ¦ . . ¦¦
_GeneralJ t ana g er. ; , Qeni PisaV^ent.
WABASH~
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
FROM v
Chicago, Kansas' City and St. Louis
New York and Kew England Foints.
Finest thiouch train service, with polite and
C. B. CRANK. O. p. j^CT Aa * eW
- BU Louli. Mo.
/T Dispensary,
igQ-^ t^?C>2«>KEAi£lNTi«iT. Established
MiriB 1 ,!' ISM tor the treatment of Private
ISafeS^a P 1868 *^. Lost Man hood. DebiUtyor
SJii^^V^ dls *we wea rt n? on body and mind and
SSSaKPbS Skin Diseases, y m» doctor curoa when
ttS-mtMfOSSA otbersfalL Try hlnv. Chargef low
«^gr- iVurMl <arf«gni>rani«-fi1. Callorwrlm
l>r. a. if. tilUUOM, Box i»57.Saa l?ranci»ca
/."•;/; BAH30AD TllAVEH ;i:; " ;
jorrnrit-i piiific cohpaIT.
'.' -.—.¦.;:'•-;•*¦.¦ Jr*ctriq.-»T«Titsf.> .-.";.¦¦ t\: :< :-.--;. ; '\-
TrAlnilrn<r»n<l »i<' an* t» nrrK* ••
-' ;••: ¦:•..•-¦'. - : '.-" : ' N.4Mritl.Hl"«««. ¦
,¦:..'; V; : ;; :{Jlain Line, FOOS of Alwket Street) ;;.-; ::¦¦•
tBAT* :;-,;: ; ; .--,.- tKou Mat 13, ISOa — : : : , *»»iT»
*7jO«a B»nid», Sitizao. Elmiia. Vacmttllo,
¦•••.- ¦ Ram«*I an I S*c«raento. ...«;..,* Tillr
. •7:O6«5aMt» Express- Da»i*. Williams (for >:
' •¦•¦:¦:¦ BartUtt StriAai), Willows. Ueit ¦ v
r .!-¦; :. ¦ BluS. Fortiaui..- ' .'.... ;..... "7*t3p
•7:S»a M »rtfn* il, >S»ti 1:.;:im.u. Vallcji). >t*j>a. . :
. • '." : : -. t;»li»t<^g»»»<lS»«t» ICon *..... ••tl»r
. 'SiOOa D»»ix, Woomand.. Knighta Ltciioz. . • ¦ ¦ "
:•.-'. :¦;•,': MarniUi*. <»Tft*iiLe. ¦ »7tt3r
: AUantio Kipiew-Ojtled aod East ¦11:13a
¦ xtao* Sau ' J'»»e." LtreTmwe. Mtochtim. ¦:';..
¦•. -¦¦ 41 -¦'¦C- ioue. : H»cta>rt»nto, Plac»itlU». •' ~"~
':¦: . -:.v M«ryi«ile. Chfct, I'.e4 IJIiia.;...^ **!|»f
'-•H;3OAO«kiUlf r Chisesa (!nr Yuwoito), : '-.. ;
:.-'¦; ¦' ' '.:--. -.8 ;oora. Carters. V,:;.. ............. •*tl.1p
•ff'.Oto* H»j«*r.U. .SHrt.anfl Waj .Station*. *l I I-ITa
•U:OOa U» Aug 8le» v Exprena — ilartijioi, -.-;.. :•
¦j'-.".. ':•...- Tracy, Lash rop.: mack toil, Jlerceil -..••¦»'.
:';• .-'-. ' ¦ .- - : >iul ifr<Mno.:........».i.\«..i-;...i::*<*-*3»
•»:3»*V*!r«J.>. Martina Art. I \T»f Stettoa* 'Oitir :
•»f>»6«* Tint Urerl* nil UmJtevl— VgAeu, I>en- ' '¦ ..' '
.¦•-:-. -x' : -."»er.--"On:ah»..Chic«s»-v.v. .+.:.;:... ' •3ili»*
¦?i'liftOji JJU^V Li'etmors,. Htoakton, Sacra- ; ' . ':'
•'. "' ..' -:-' ¦'.': mrni"-. Mf>n4pt«. Haitfard. VwaJU..
';. -¦" ¦¦¦.?¦-•.¦•. l^rt«.»iU»:. ......;-..•.».... v.»i... : •*il. 1 *r
•I4:«Am ll.,»ti.!i. Nilsa«n>t W,»y Ktationt. *Vtl.^p
' tl:««r H4.*»Mi«tit(> Klrer .Si<»ui<i».....^... f3:O«A
, «.i:O<>r H^rTBt«yr* l f*ir^H| w»j auaom, *asi.i»
.' 'jtOUrMaitbte*. H»n ¦ JUmoii, Vuliejo.. .' •¦¦ • «: ¦''-•'
¦¦'.";!¦ •::¦:. N»;.i. t-'alUtn|»». H»i-.t» Itosa...... •!»»*•'»*
• I.«M»r n-nlcl». Vlnters, .H»cr»mer« >, . :, - . :• -•¦•¦'.
: •-. '. '"¦ Woo^llaii*. ; Knight* l.katthSg. - : : r s '- v •"•'¦
J : -;';.? =-'¦ M»rj«i»». Onwllle. ..,........;.. •• »:49a
•*»»«>> Nile?. aauJoiiea»i<lS«o«*tori .......: •'7il.l»
' •aioiir Tt;a Owl iJrriUitl— Tract. Flreauo.: '. . • .
¦ . £ ,' ' . UAkerkQdUl. Sa«ri* for .Saute Bar- :: : :•' - .
¦zYC biiTa. L"* A ••««!«» ......,i : .....'-: : *t»l8*
'SsOOrFraua rasseoger— Marttnrx. t«th- : '
'¦¦¦ ¦ • rop, 3toc«toa. - MVrceii. B«rend» '¦" : ¦' .¦
:. . . (lUraond for Yoseml»e). > »«»">o. . •!»:!»»
*3>3Or New >leww Enpresa— UahertHeM, i '¦-.:}¦
8anU Shrb»ra. L«s Angflea, Dem-
: Ing. El 1'iw, New Orleaua uji<1
i:.«t •¦i43a
•»iB«p H*m« ¥-> UnMle— Allnnthj Kxprei*
fnrMojikf* ami Kut ...k...... *«i4.1p
•flrODp najwarJa. NIlea an«i fWu Josi:..... **«4.-»4
fttjOOK VtJlejo ......*iail!lr
•«sO»r Oriental Mail— Og'ten. Chejenu*.
Omaha. Cblc»gQ *l^i-aSA
•«:O(»p Oriental Mall— Ojdon. Deu»er,
Omaha. Chicago. i.... •••tlSr
t'tOOr Valii-j!., l'i>rs C'o«U and Way flta-
tioisi tSi.1.1p
•NiuSr Ore».m anil Calironit* r.xprem.Mao.
- - - i,..i^ut,., Mirpill!-. It«-M1»K.
|-.»rtla.i.|. l-.^.t 1...if.l »¦..! K«»t »«ll»a
COAST HITIsMM {Nanaw fa O( ;e).
{Foot ef M-.rltet Street.!
J1:-I3a HantA Cruz Excursion fur fcnnta
Crux ami l'riuoip»l Way Htntiuna :^:«^r
•Stl3AN«<»arfc.«:eTit»TtlU«-..H»n.l<is<»,Frltofi, •¦..-¦
Ituulder Crrck.8aiaa Crux »uit Way
'•-'.- SUUnna .:v :...., •«:3*r
|9tiar Kewarlr CenlerTllle. f'»n Jnie S«w
¦ .:•¦.-; Alm«.!«n. ft-U«n, r.nnUU-r (.'reek. : ' .
..'¦ , Rauta Vtnx anil Trtnelpal Way '
.StaUons.,.,...;. .,,... fl»:»«a '
•»:l3r Newark. Sxn Jo«e. ti«» Gatos •»:."»<»4
q»:l3p C.lanwotv^ Felton. Panfa Cm*. >i:.1f*a
¦CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fruiSlI FRilSiSCO— f»»l er Slirittt Stri«l(Sn»8)—
•1:15:. «oo !l,C0*.«. |l:Ca : *253 13:33
'. -4:33 ;•"; 1S;33 -'>«:33r.*. ¦ . : ¦- : ; . •.-:-• •:.. :¦:.:
fu««»lU»D— rjtl«fBr««4««t.^.*<;00 «.OO 10 00».n.
;tl2:C3; *1:S3 t2;M -; *3:3a; •¦¦t«:W _ .•»:33r.M, :
. •-"'-¦-/:^ 'COWl 1 IUttSl»\ iRroaa««n)C«).
-'.. ;.: ¦•'---:¦'¦- (fhtritwiJ foirnsemi 8ta> '.--."¦'•; •¦-':¦•:.
¦ . 4«itttA<Keai> VIh*. .South S*n Fr-«iw;i^vi... f4«3*»
.;;•¦;- .: V : ; Al:.«.b-i. We.t»eid«»«o!.ly';. .^.,. •!»»•»
tT:»O* SuncUy E*«i»rs!fit> r>r 8aa '^oaet '•:'."•;:•'¦"
;•;,••; :'. ; .;. Sant* - t'riii; Taciac Gro»* aa« ":¦ '¦ V
".'¦•• ;¦¦•:?•':; l^incipai'Waj-5utiooa:, ; .^-.;i..i«:. XSiaS*
?»««!** Han Ji)*} t Tre» : fl"n^ .M»iit» t'nra, ¦••... -.'•.
'•.¦¦'¦ '.-'¦: ,Pael8o.<rr>i»«. r*iuv It.^HIca, ;f«ai» : \\-"-;'.\. : i-'
-¦¦'¦j'.-'-."-;'. ; ':':': T.tt<a' «Hijii|>«,-J»n»f, Loinpoe autl: ":¦.!:¦ ¦':'-'.
¦-.¦% -.•-::.-. l*r(»'ei|>ar':'>Vi>ySU(ri'»« ....~."* **:»•?
•insin* Satt'Uoee «>»f W.rJSUMouii ;....,.. '•«.«*
•Ul3«A Ha:i 'JiMe.!iMCatoiaii<l WajSU^font *3!.t«f
•'. M:it,o ? -R.:.l«r.rfi.». Manto raf*^: ¦/.-•:.:¦.:„:
.: :,?': 'yk '¦ ralA Alrp. sauU Ci«ra, ««•.»•««..:: , ', < '-.'¦¦ ;.
..' ¦ ¦¦•-- ..¦;••:¦ TtM Fiiios.; Mint* fw&i i 9 ** 18 *^ .._ii._ " :
¦ : i : ? ; - !- : - ; :'- ¦'¦MoM»er<ryaH<|:;l>irffie lira**. .<.-•.: tl»w«A
: •-. f»:3«»r .H»n.Jo«e«o.l: Way ijl«i!(>in .»;..>.. *' :> , ; " p
M:l A>! Saa Ji!«« ai.il. f rinoijlal W«y Ht»llori» *9t*3*
: t-V:U«rS«!> Josr. Los OatewanJ Pr1«Hrtp»* _ :
./•:-,- - : -,- ; . Wa* 3t«tMn*.iv^rw : :«.V..- ; -i-'.." ?¦»««*
. •3:9#f- San J.*» «».f Frlrtcli>a; War-Statlona t«::tSA
: :.»(l:a«p 8an .ToWaiht-W'»y.StaUor)». ...>;-••• I 1 *" 0 "*
,»Uii.l.>>-;. < <»iiJ.^r amtTTay S'Mltmi.:..:.... t:3Of
'.-f •: ¦ Aifpr Morni.<«"" V V (or AJtwnnon. ; ;
' '!"DaHy : - i.i«niaret<»r»«4 : ¦ J sondajr only. :
' v .fr ¦ r'.:.," r : y - ; :: *.S*tu«Uy ; : «"ily. ¦ : ' .J--- ;¦ "..' ' V
-« Sa>nr<la» an>! *•* «-^- ¦ AS.>i» i iti»* and Mondaw ;.; :
. RHEUMATISM, ho matter liow }otg 'ita«Jdtair<; : Anj case of iliaflarnmation bl th* Bl-ad-
der or Enlarged Prostate Glan^ Bftmatter If the pitients have been for year« forced to us*
a catheter. SYPHILIS IK ANY STAGE. : A5» V CASE OF DIABETES; ;:^.\; :
: -. All Cases' of ImpoiencT that'-can-be-ctired. .'and"-pc'raaneatl> feslorts jonthtnl-rigoi aod
: vltalitj-. • It is no stimulant. Its effectsaro permanent aact taatt-a'jr.- Will core any case •?
STRICTURE ifithont; lccat treatmect* .'. Willcure any case ot Varicdcele, WiU reniOT* ea*
tirelr from the 6j6teai;Canc«r and CaBcerons Germs. ,;.. ; v ; r ~ ' ¦ ¦¦¦ry.H ' : - ¦'¦': '-' '\k- ':'¦ , ; : : : " '¦:-;
:'¦ ill addition to tlif above. Mvl; S. T- Xo. 2has cared many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxia, Spinal Trontjle. and appareatlyincarable diseases of the. Benres- ' :• < r'S:.'-:^:' .-- = }
.. M. I. S. T. lias been on the market for over to years, and has cured tiionsanda of caff-
?"»rs. It is prescribed by leadicp physicians allover the conntry. Itis pleasant to take aad
FfBSPk [^3 8®B abso]«?:l,j: nafe.; 'It neTer increases or diminishes the action of tho
HUH p*_ SCf^ heart. If you are suffering- from any chronic disease you are nrped to
Fj«£\ f pJ S3 K\. write; to us, ho matter how tnaay: doctors or kinds or medtclneVyoa
a El KSSS fe«a havc tried without relief WE GCARA.NTEE TO CURE YOU.
. ... : . '"'".. That :yca may judge of tbcralneoi the Grsat Specific for yourself.
¦ : ¦ ••: : ¦¦¦".-. •: ¦:;• "wa will send you one: large caso by mail FKEF., only asking- that
wb«o cured yourself you trill recommeBtdit toothers.: Write coafidentially to our medical
department, £lTin^8joiptonii.:;$l per box. or six boxes for. 55. ;.¦/ ', ;.'.!.. '¦-. , : . , 'V".V : .• : : ¦;
Address M. I. S. T. Co., Toledo. 0>
'• • I have fiyen persdakj laspictio^ to the working IptM/ 1; S. T^'w tie Iminai *y •teni, aai'
KnetsaJF • thatitetttlrelyineets.witk/eijr prof esslooal sanction- . - i
::/¦ " : . £>> H. I,Qp5JI$J,LatepetaoB8tratorpf An^tomjiPhUadetpifaMedleaVC^leeewv^^
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURS.
&lo. J., Iwia la J B § ¦
AJJVEBTISi^t^NTS.
: .- : : :'.¦;•-: :;• APV^JtiTCSEMENTS. ;-'' '
iWrf, l^oy Hiwklrts Will' Help Every
.; : • .. Woman Savo a Drunkard. •;
':¦ ' A: Trial 'Paekagre of Her Marvelous \
Horile Treatment p REE for tlie asking".
. Any true woman "mig&t well be proud to have
eaved one poor soul from the shackles of drink, but
Mrs.Hawkinshas rejdeemed thcasandsby hernctle
and practical work among those who have been
victims of intemperance. Mrs. li'awlnns for years
Buffered the grief and anguish shared by so many i
true and faithful women of America to-day, who]
hare drink-afflicted fcitherishusbandsor eons. She]
determined to overcome ttda fearful evil if possible. |
Her search for a harmles*?, perfect and eecrethema .
cure waa at last re'rardtd rrhen an old friend carne
to her and g-aro I:er a remedy \rh!ch had never been
known tofail. Mrs. IlavrkJns pave the remedy sec-
retly and in a few wocks, to hrr rrrc at Joy .her dearest
Telative was entirely cured of l:is appetite for drink
and was asraia restored to health and manhood, i
After this wonderful result, Mrs. Eaw!:ins do-!
elded to devote her life to the work cf helping- her |
sistersevcrj'whcrcwhoni sha found suffering- as she
had suffered from the effects of alcchol upci. a hus- (
band, father cr sou. Witb tte assistance of others
6he perfected the original treatment and now;
offers ujsend this treatment free to any distressed
wife, mother or sister vrho v/ill write for it. Mrs. '
Hawlcinis has means of her orrn and no charge
whatever in mado- for tho treatment, because her
great desire is that every v.-cm an who needs this
tnediciiie will write.- at ones to her and get it. !
; V "A Grateful Woman. !
KUS; MAT HAWKINS. Grord Hcpids, Mich. —
My Dosr'l'rieiwtr- Y©a have beenthft roeann of bring-
ing san3'aiao into nry.'horao. -Last Aucuet I got soar
rerM 17 aad boraa gitlai? it to H17 huabond, and from
that time nntii the pfb&^nt ho has nctttl.cn a drop of
anyklndof alcoholfp drinks. I cannot saj too much lor
what your reir»3<l7 he* &vn&£or toe and I urae it as a
helper td aa? mo'lier.Bititf r or wile who eh all need , it.
:':: ¦¦¦¦¦: . Youm SirVCCTJly II. A.LASK
EartHainFtoa»Me.«.Feb.ll,I8a>. V : '..--. . - !
:" : :Thou9a:nd.shavd : E«tvie.i their hemea end loved
ones by this reraedv andybucan beamonffthenum-,
tier if you only wishit. • :Mrs.Hawkin3 treatseverv
Jetter she receives sacredly confidential and ; you
need have no hesitancy whatever in writing her for
assistance. Do not delay ; write her tcday .¦ Address
Mr*. May Hawkins, Box 128 Orand Rapids, Mich.
; INVESjtlGtAtE FIRST; I
; BUY AFtEftWARD !
.'.- -.. -Tljerj ypu i Will knovJ. Get our ..
¦•-pfpspcctus; -It '-tells trje story. : . -.
UjJlHI uii diuin
. At 50 cents per share Is
'.¦ the bes't bargain Iq oil Iq
. . ¦• California to-day. SPLEN- : :
; . DID LOCATION. RESPON- ;
•; SIBLE MANAGEMENT.
OPHIRQIL COMPANY
MiiK Building, San Francisco. j
Los Angeles Office, 402 Douglas Block.Beringer pPupilaV RecitaK
- The third semi-annual students' recital
of. the Beringer Conservatory .of; Music
took place last evening at Byron Mauzy
Hall. -About twenty pupils took part In
the interesting programme. Among the
more noteworthy performers were little
Milton Jacobl, who exhibits quite excep
tional talent arrd who performed the Witte
"Impromptu"- with" much spirit and ex
pression. Master McAulifte also played
with nice feeling, and also Alice Maxwell
and Irene Palmer.
Curtaij Purged-: df/Cpiiten^pt.
Sithe contempt .'.¦¦ proceedings . instituted;
against J3en j'amiii; Ay Gyrta^z ;bj* his former
w.jife. 1 J6sephin.e S; .Curtaz,- TOreldismissed
by" Ju^ge; r.Dalngerfisld. .yesterday . after
Curtaz had announced that although he
lnteriaed sailing \ for: Europe, -.he w\nild
•leiVfe ".suffleient funds', behind -to, mceit^rte
allmqhy demurrd. of $125 ..a niqnthi i. :
If at Goodwin; i and jthei Plague
Are two .subjects discussed; ; In . to-id;ay:s
I>pws; ; •.teit«r. : . • ' Reginald let frtlttti
; -:his,-^.tifeua^\fllrictness..o^.;street':^aj
lines'.' aiid ihe- clit-POi-tniGht oC c.<3n:du.ct6'rs.
The Looker: po divulges a Jiumber of fx-j
< 1 ijsiv-e socle-t y storiK-Sv and the .Town Grler
applies the: lash. with/his customary Vigor>
FALLS FROM Ai^RUGK ;;
AND IS FATALLY HURt
Three-Year-Old JameiS Hurley Dies at
. -the City B^ceiving ;
: " : . '. ••: Hospital v. :
James ::Hurley,:aged-:^hree years,, fell
frony a truck onwhich. ho was stealing a
ride'at Kinth and'Clernentina, streets yes
terday afternoon and f rs^tured • his skull.
He was removed, to Receiving Hos
jiltal; where he died a^ 10 o'clock last
night : • ¦ ¦"'-.¦ ¦ ' ¦-. ' " ¦¦ * ' ¦
"According to a witness' of the accident,
the boy boarded the truck, and losing his
balance fell off, his head striking against
the cobblestones. ..; ;. . :
The driver. : of the jtmck was arrested,
but as he was not to blame for the acci
dent he was at once released.'.
c^^i(ri$MAR^E^iLtfil
• , fS • Fl LED . FOR PROBATE
He /Was Master- pi. * Racine. Line and
. Accumulated :a;C0Eisiderable . .
' ' ¦• ' ¦¦.[_¦ .'¦ '.';>' iEortune. y. ¦ '.;'¦ ".;¦ ¦"¦/ .
= The, viill of the: late; Captain Robert R.
Searte, ; who -died; recently; ! at' th'e : age of
G4 years,:-was-.;iired..fqr.i)ro ; bate yesferday.
For many years decedent iwas Captain ;.6f
a Paclftt liner;- He' :feSJt an estate.: valued
at $40.,0QOi • In : his: will deefedent .fif^nro
vldes th^-t his bo;dy. be. burled ..in ¦' Moun-;
tain j View Cerbetery , ' but ; .not- until ttv-e
days after death.--" Following- -Slrfe; -the be
quests: •¦•; AWaharh.-' Halsey; • executor;
$2000 - l:-rs'. Tijarina M.: Johnson of; Santa
Clara, $3900; •-. William H. -Chambllss of
New Yo:rk,$lflOO.;-' Charles .Edw.ard::Blair
of Scrariton, JE?a.,, $300tt;:- Mrs. ¦George. AJac-'
kimon - of this ' city.:: $4000;- Miss -Helen
ChriStatJhersoti .of- Hahnor, Norway. $1000
and :a gold watch: Dn Charles "A. Pukes.
Oakland,. $1000 VPr;' Henry R: BaKer, New
York Ci-ty/;$lM05- Miss Agjies Ctmter,
$100O. : and ' 160 acres of land at Jbrpn; Mon
terey Goiihty , to . Gunhey Bergehson and
wife, and to the wife t«ie sum of |509.
PEOPLE'S DAY CROWDS
HOPKINS ART INSTITUTE
New Pictures by De Haas, Julian Ebc
-_r ' ; and Others Attract At
- r -.:'; tention. (
"People's Day" at the Hopkins Art In
stitute attracted a considerable crowd of
picture-lovers yesterday ' afternoon. Much
interest was manifested in the new battle
picture, ¦ "A Naval EngaRement at New
Orleans." b"y De Haas, which is the latest
acquisition of the gallery. This De Haas
is from the celebrated collection of Mrs.
Kate C. Johnson, and is a worthy second
to the fine marine picture by which De
Haas was before represented In the gal
lery.
• The large "still life" subject and the Ju
lian RIx landscape. gift3 of Mr. Hunting
ton, also came in for a large share of at
tention. The still life ia a most execel
lent thins of its kind, absolutely, ridicu
lously still-lifelike. Whether its kind 13
worth while on so large a scale is another
question. The Rix landscape- is in the
later and finer manner of the artist, and
both these pictures are undoubted acqui
sitions to the' srallery.
Siinid^y; L;&c;t;Uier i $'. djiheert.
V : 'A- ypcai-.'and ihsjtruinehtalLeohcert Ondeir
the • aiX^c.tJon : att.d\.fQr thje. benefit: of ; : the
¦Sunday- L^ctvir^; Xfs.ociiti6 ; n; : .be givert
ate Jletrbpp'ntan • •T'emplii i-Thiirsday .'eive'n4
ink June ?- : -F: A; Itabcr; Alra.'S..F: Long
aiwi Mrs.. -Mary A^ : Pen v.er; have the ieonr
reirt In charge^ T.hQfi6 9b<9' will participate.
are r Mrs:" Suslf -H^rt-Mark. ?sppraho : .Mrs;
Gr'acif; ilorei Plckhian,- Contpaltq; Alfre'6;
¦V^ilkie.: Wiior: ; Robert :Ltoyd;-barytphei
cborus of?. ; thirty vvfiires; = Na.than : Laiids
bSrEcr. :vt6Unis t :¦ ¦- Mrs:..' Natha;n ' J^andsber'-'
ger -•hat'pts-t.rTWHliajTi.. B. Ivrns.iprpnnist
arid fiwcc.Qja&panlSti; ¦ ' T.he ;.ehoritl -rufrn-bexfe
are Under -the .dlrecUojt q£ Robert :Lloyd;.-
City Treasurer Brooks . Succeeds in
Collecting $10, 5O7i39 From the ¦
{ State for Commissions.. :;
The general ,-furid of } the city was eri-.
riched unexpectedly yesterday by the ad
dition of $10,507 39., which . represents the
6 per cent commissions earned by the city
for collecting the taxes for 1899.
Last year, the State Controller, on the ap
plication of Treas.urer Trurrtari, refused to
allow, the commission, on'-, the ground- that
counties of the tlrst class: were not entitled
to it This • accordingly excluded San
Francisco. • .Uos Angeles, -and Alameda
from- the- 'benefits of tlio statute.
Treasurer Brooks, in. ; making his la.st :
settlement with the State, contended that
no exception should- be • made, and his
opinion was concurred in by the Attorney;
General, to : whom the was re
ferred: The city was therefore allowed
to retain the money and It will accord
ingly reduce : the prospective municipal
deficit -by more than $10,000.
GENERAL FUND ;IS NOW
UNEXPECTEDLY ENRICHED
LEGALITY OjF REMOVAL; :
' -OF NOTARIES IN ISSUE
Judge •. Seawell Hears ¦.Argument .in
. ¦:¦ Suitito Compel E-ecbrdatiba :of>.
.- - "'¦'; : -;p : Disputed ..Beed. .- : ' : ; :
.The kettpn'-by ¦'• which v'F. V, keesllng
seeks >bj cornpei '. Recorder:: Godchatix lo
recprtl a .deed acknowledged before No
tary Public i.. N.' Turner, subsequent, : to
Turner':^ remeval from: office; by-. Gover
nor Gajkit and thereby test :the, legality of
the Governor's" action,, went to trial be
fore Judge Seawall yesterday.; ;WIJHarn
Denman knd . Oscar Sotro. 'who reprosfnt
Keeslihg, contended, in their .argument
that- the removal.; of TUfnpf. • was--, illegal,
as. he 'V:as appolhtH ;for .four .years- on
September: 14;,.. 1S96. His term h.ad:«6t ex
pired they ¦ sfiifV, - at: the time.Goyisrnor
Gage removed him from office,, hence, the
deed: ; ackrio'wlecTgfid befpre; him ;.wa3. valid.
Arthiir. "F; whfr appeared . I or ' Re
corder;-Gbdchavix, contended that; a. No
tary Public: was not an ;ofilcer in • the
meaiilngrflf the constitution and the stat
ues relative to the office, and in cpnser
qiience the Governor ckiuld. arbitrarily re
move - notaries- piiblie : without ¦ regard -to
the time' of their appofotment or the: term
thereof. :' Judge Seawell:to«k: .the case un
der advjstmetit and' will hand .down his
decision-: -next week.t' ' : y ¦.¦¦'¦'¦ '•..' ' ' .<": : , '' ..
¦$¦: WEjV!(3R^ Of, DIGEASED 1 1
. WOODMEN OF THE WOALb
Sertiees td B$:Hel4 by Xpcal Camps
. ;S : at. the^Cemeits^i^T-^Dedicatibtt: ./. ';
- ¦ . oi W Etineral/TJWi/ - '-* " '¦)
. g'o^rnprro'W-wilPbe;. Woodmen's, niemoriai
.d^-i-and-^i.l" the: -camps: .(^t the Pa;ciflQ ju*
rfsdictioti. : will ; ; .stre^r-i flowers^ Over. tb.e
gT^v^ 'ixt .d^eease'd ne'ighi>drs;,-.as' members
afthe- tamps are .^caifedi. ; ; : :'c : "-•:--'--.;i ¦ \ ¦¦ ¦¦'¦ ;
¦ Golden Ga);e:.C.amp-No.: i 64 i of
the the laj-gest in'thi's "cltyi having
.ai.inembersihlp cvf rhpre than .JtopV has made
extensive; arrangements.' for- thjs event. !a. :
J.^ the. -banker of ; the camp, is
thfe chairmari Gf.thecommiftfe : of arrange
ments; :T;His..cQ:mmitteevvvIll meet at"Sev-
erith~arid • -Jtfar-ket • streets to-thorrow morn-,
ing : :tp ' receive- sqch donations 6T\ .flowers
ashavcbc&npfomi&eii.. These will be d)s- !
tfibuted ;tQ-suU-:eemmittees to take t&'.the
cfl«ne.terteg;lh' this city and in. San Mateb;
Cbiinty to- aecorato tfe. graves; • After tli'e
decorations: shall - have - be«n qompleted 'as
tiihny. mernbers -.of ;the camp as- shall .be.
able .ttia,ttfcn;d wU : I .assemble at 2 o'clock. In;
th% afterntirdh at tl«3. Odd.' Fellows' Ceme
t^ryr-; ; fbr i;:the -purjjose .of. rtedieatlrig ¦ si,
fiiirieraiutn: placed in ;the. columbarium fn
iiyempry: df furl :Han;?en 7?owers. a rnprn
bier' pf :t:h0-.camp yr*hO:passed : ;awja.y diirixife
•the year, j There jvill. btf -gpeelai- service. .In
addition to :that .prescribea.^n -the ritual
tat the: dead:'. 3VLT, Closes; -P. lIoG.-will
d-r-lrver : ait there. -will be' musib
by- a'-i'-qt&r^et,; be-sides; a- ftilogy. of. this .de-.
CKPSM;;':' .S.'i'-'/- : '.s. > ' ; ''- w- ''<:-'"t -: ':•'' .••• )xVi
Carnp. Iy6'.- 72,,:t.he: nc^t-largeat
camp M Sari Fran^lsopi wilT. aecoratfti.the
¦pYavWvflf ; ,tts ' members :in iihe, different:
b<JTrietori<-.-w-.-.":i i n<V Ui t o*i-)ork:;in' th'e -after'
.rii(bn : wilt lea v« the corneir- of • Eighth .and
•?i^'r-iscm\'«tfe^t$./ai)d;-:Birocee:d:.toy: ; car8--'td
Cypress. ; Lawn -GeniGf erjt.v TX-here;: special.
decofatio:i ; : s>ry.idr s ' -••will, v be :¦ hel;d; >T.he
jiiemberk of JRedwood.. Circle Of
oi'K Wbbclcraft. Will assist in- the -service by:
the Carnp. i;v •; xi:'-:'Xr'y.: : i 'O(^:-'- : j " : 'r'./«. - :
Etireka : Valley Imprbveinent ¦ ; ; plub
. ; ¦ : : Fil^s. a ; strong | Protest. With.
:. • ¦• ; . • the: Supervisors.. . •-.= "¦:.- • ..
: : The Eureka.V .Valley.' .niiid; IParK -': Lane;
Tract Irriproyoihent; Club flled: aiiprotest:
yesterday withtthe :Baard. of -Supervisors
against :preating^ a'-sjtandirig :car ;. ; f»re.;; of
2VJ centE,; as contemplated : by the Maguire
ordinance'; .Thei: protest, says: • ¦•.•.';;• ¦ ' .'.
. ] ¦'?After;;lp6Hin ; g' over p'iir district :*««an- ;
not. firidii ; w-orklngman : o£.::arly ; :ki;nd : that
objects -to pacing. 5 cents p : er.,car:ride, and
alh Eeera t6 : ithink.i it : only , &. ppjlittcal
scheme to lower thfe ifare of streetycars ,
We -'also:- believe-' by. Ibweftajj; the' fares;
we' 1 would Tecje-ive jvery ..jioor-. strept-ca.r:
servjee, arid : the.wages.o.f employes.^rouid
be :cut and work -extreme hardship; .orr
them by : being! overworked: and .vgettlng
less^pay./ /: ¦'¦'¦¦¦ ¦-:¦¦' :*i ... ' ¦ -. . ¦;' -'
;¦ "We 'fife '.not; political "aspirants: norirall
road tools, but, to th«^contrary,.. we are
all property-owners arid, taxpayers, and
believe in justice to all,: and we hope that
you i will throw that ordinance to lpwer
fares out, of. :your -way-Mn the:, .waste-,
basket or some other gttod: place. : .
"Trusting "'you will defeat the proposi
tion; we remain. •• '¦ ¦ •: :• i • ¦' ' : • ¦
"EUREKA VATiLEY ANDiPARK- LANE
TttACT : IMPROVEMENT CLUB, ;
"Per H.~A: DAN1EL.S, President."
NOT IN FAVOR OF
H : ¦ LOWER CARFARES
WATER SUPPLY; OF- ; -
'•: ftHEiSTANDARD COMPANY
Prince i . Poniatowski .Files Beport
:¦:.. With tjtie Supervisors Concern- .::
_ " - f in& It. ' . .: ' : . : • "
; : The: -Stafjdard- Electric ' Company,
through its president; Prince Poniatowski,:
has communicated with ithe Board of Su
pcrvikrors in; regard tb its water 'supply:
The Prince says: ;: '., '¦ J. :| '[ ; . , - :
"We have": : a constant dally supply of
rtot less thart 7?,O0OVOOO gatloTis at our power
house in Arnaddr (Jdunty, where said
water will pass our tail irace at an elevav;
tion of 750 feet fibov& sea .; level. , Thia
amount will be increased. during the year
1901:to a daily -supply of, 115,000,000 gallons.
The above "development^ have been ren
dered necessary for the generating of elecj.
trie power, -and no disposition has aa yet
been made -..for. the further use of this
estimates of dost for transmitting
that volume of water .to .the bay of San
Francisco, as found in the municipal re
ports of 1S74-75, have beep greatly lessened
by the recent developments and the de
crease in cost of material as well as by
modern methods- of construction.
: "As to. the terms upon which, we miarht
agree: to sell this water supply to the city
ot San Francisco, we beg to state that we
are not prepared tp make a definite propo
sition until first we have- obtained from
our own engineering corps complete and
accurate data: covering the conveyance of
such an amount of water from our plant
to the city limits, and second. Until it has
been demonstrated to us that a proper
system of distributing reservoirs (indis
pensable to 'such an undertaking:) can be
secured."; :'¦.-¦:¦ . • " .' • : . ¦ .'
Treasurer. Brooks Saiys He Is Holding;
•':•.. ¦ '.'¦ Them in Custody ?or ; the l ;
','¦"¦/¦_, :;.-:>"j5tate.:: ;: ¦ : ' : ; . ; '.. '' : '¦£¦.
i City Treasurer Broblcs sent a CQmmu
iiicatJonMo the May of :yesterday regards
ing the statement made by Auditor Welts
thit.he (Broods) ;had:eet aside the com
missions .on;- collateral -iinheritance : taxes
and : would : retain, thef: samo until ordered
by the; court to deposit: the money in the
city funds' ::f,The- letter, says; . : "{ i .' ./:,'
' I defeire t<J -State that si?h commissions have
never beeh'. set. aside by -.. hie.;- The -position 'I
assume is that the ilnherjttaijce :taxes are a part
•o( the: State hinds anti tha;t as such I. have by
ikvrthe custody of'the.aame until paid out to
i]\e State.: :••..!¦• ¦:*.• '.- :'¦ -.-;. •' '¦• ¦ '•:
By the third section of. article 1 of the new
charter the eity has the sa^me property rights
it had before, the adoption o£ that instrument,
and if it be. contended : that tpmmlssions do
riated.to the Treasurer :b-y the State under the
¦Inheritance tax law ara -taken away from the
Treasurer and donated to. the city and county,
then the second section: .of. the charter, by
M-hlch it is • contended that • this ¦ donation q?
State funds to the city. and County' is:made, is
in connict with satd third:. 'sectioi, which ex
pressly limits: the property rights of the city
to what tt possessed befo-re:; the charter: existed.
As to this particular fund* I -consider .'that ..'I.
am its custodian far tlwi State primarily and
that I must pay it wher?yer ! the..law, including
the charter, may 4lrect: . My wish is to have
the matter adjusted and ;the. money will be:
held intact until paid .out by law.Cul authority,
VI beg to further state-, thijt' the Assessor has
hot informed me as to. jyliat his intentions
might be : in relation to poll- tax. commissions.
DEFINES; Hlf POSITION V &
- ON TAX COMMISSIONS
\V.- McN>lI. Rev.: n. Grlteths. Harry Rosen
bfersr; Charles i^anfield, . A. H: Bell.J. Hi. Pink>
vcss.vJ. Horthwtdt. ¦ :• :*:¦¦¦. H<" ! • ' ¦.-:'.- : :-'". :
:-FT0m' Auckland-Mrs, tl^orthy, •'• -Miss ; El
worthy. M iss M. ClTvorthy, : H. ¦ Elv\ prthyi K;
Klwc>rthy, 3. Carolin. . Mrs. Brewst-«r, .: Mr; and
Mre.W. T. Bail, Sir.. an;l': Mrs, \V. ; B; ' Com-;
tn-on. Canon »ankiiri,. Mrs. ¦ Foreman', Canon'
?t;UiH. Mips S.- &t. iliU.- S.; P.VSo'ronseft. J:
H. B-rown. Miss-Qitha Wi'.Jiair.s. iHss IlOEa.
Miss Gries, A- Munnemv :Sf. and -Mr?. '-Ales*
aiKier, \\'. Peat A.. Millar. W:. Senior. Mr. and
Mrs... Morrison. T.' L. Craig;.J, E.lston',- K: nzy r
Masuji .Miyaltawa Swears Out ;War
•. rants vf or trie Arrest. pi ]yEocliida ;
:/.v'« ;v". : rf:.>.- ; r:\and < rto»*-;r \^*.\ 2ii,'\W
Sliyakdwa, the. Japanese reform
tr,- against whom: ehai'ges <jf -extortion and
obtaining money by'.laise ¦ pretehsesL >re
pending lift die; Police; : -'_ Courts;' swore- to
cohiplafhts :ln. Caban^ss'' court yes
terday .for; -th'e'iirrest'.-of . '* John ' fAoe" • Mo
ch.ida and C; \i%a on the charge, of batteryi
¦ One oL.Miyakawa'5 ca§es wa^s. called yes
terday in Judge Fritz's Court .and contin
ued till.Mondniyl. When he left, the court
room severa,l Japanese got hold of 'tilth- and
led: him along the. .corridor', to-, the- .steps
leading. . from : .the fire .:{dep:artmfent , ofttces.
He became sqspic.lous : qi their • intentions
when :they reached -the top of .the -staira
and tried' to" gp.baok'; but Mochida.and.Ito
grabbed- "hold- .of hirri i ;and dragged; ¦ him
dowri. the StepS:i ¦ •• •• ':¦'":¦ ;-. ", r ¦ '¦ ..-:':' -.'• '
When thoy had pulled: him outside the
hall Ito struck/ him ; otithe ijaw and Mo
chida knocked off his plug hat arid at
tempted toidesttoy Ms. Prince 'Albert coat.
He 'yetfeif for hplp and they fled.-, I tp "fired:
a . partinfe shpt at Miyakawa ; by : , asking
him to <ial.l-at.his house on- Duporit street,
near PlheV and; ":be . klllecl • by .. force;: of
arms" in the 'afternoon at-5 o'clock.;: :-'.. •:¦
.Miyakawa . Raid .that Ito .about! a- year
ago tried, tD : kidnap a girl frbm ; Japan arid
bring her to-: this, city ' : ;btit^ that through
him -he was ar.rest^d; at Yokoharriav and
sentenced trii "six months in prison. '.- That:
was^the cause of. lip's enmity toward, him.
JAPANESE: ATTApKED ; -n'^.
' ' : AT 'THE-CiTY HALL
»jolds t Mr:: aii'd Mi«. (Sordorf.' iriss: Edltb -Sjis
een,'-Mr.' yiftrticy. Mr: Dramti; : . r, .•;;¦. ¦•:: . .
.PJYdRi": Atiii— MI'ss; -SrhBitzIpr-ErciieBB, C. ~\V.
filers. Finraj,'Sn>ith, O, . Schluete'r.. ••¦ ¦.•..••.• .
• ::iFrolfn"irotiolulu— MJsi|:A,-' £.:;Ba:rtlett. D. :U
Kartlett.-. MW M^- Oraham. Mrs, iiatl-ma.0, :Miss
• FJi- Conijoii.-: H3. ¦$:¦:¦ Twiahy.'- Professor Vl r ;.!'E;
?liart>. ¦&'. R;.- FulK)ri,::Mr. .Dodsori, Pr.: C* -B.
C<>op^r. :: , . - ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ :-..'¦¦' ',',.' :'.'," '."';¦:';• '.*¦ ;'.•- .
"•xji .-; : ;v puj:or!s ' Firsti Vl^t^ • ;: : ;; t
. foThj? .Kosnips ;litier;Xux6r.- : -paiji- her' first
visit- to SHn rr-qn-elsoo yesterday; Shells
§:flrie, ahle--. steamer, bu£It' at;Newcastl«- :
cyv-'ryne i-nlSKl,- and:- is. 3C-1S. tons 'gross, bur
den. ;:• 3he is,. 340: feet Iting/. ti. feet b^am
aLnd*i> feM. .deep,, and, cah istea'rn about: 13
knots an' Jhmir; .She brings' about tweftty
cabin pn'ss^ngersiaijti all the cai-go i^he
Can -carryv She •¦ brings;^c'ne.ral.-merchan
dise .from I fiitmburg," X]fe ; nj)a.'a : n.d Antwerp,
.' nitraje- .ofjstida fr'prijf Caleta Buena, coffee
¦ arid smgar: frdm'Callab, cocoafrpm Guaya
quil; .cr}f£fee'~: from ' C.orintp, '.:t<a- Libertad;
GhampJerico.'J.arid 'Ocos-,;~ coffee :-'a'itd sugar
from San- Jose. ,de GMatemaia! -indiarubber
and ghark fjns from. Satt Bias; and ore and
concentrates 'from. Mazatjani.-''"- ' - y'. '•:<¦'.[.
. ..'.The-' pass-eftg'ers . who. - : c-ame : tip.- ori '.the
: I>uxor-ar.e.:'.i.- ¦-•.'-'..-"¦•.¦ . '¦'' I '>'-'¦ i ¦ -¦• :¦: -:i ¦-:
¦'¦^sepIi/SmKh,' Josepft '.Siviljth Jiv,'-- Arthur Blili
me!.. KmHip Pari.tis', Miss Woenipner, F. -FranT
cts, H.-I-.-BtoDm, H: ; .Knol?, .\\'Ullam Hohdld;
(Sic Hurter,. Carlos' iloesley; -GLBarmeistef.^F^
KOerdetlV", -;M'rp.-.-S. ¦ Bradb'City,-.' Miss L... Brad
bury, /I^u is. Bradbury..^ F. .Monaco, ..Ruby .;M6-.
jiaco'-.aKi. Francisco- Cruz.- -.- :•¦•"'•• •.,'•¦; ¦':
*The : Sydney: a|id Walla Walla J
The Sydney .'was .21 days •comiflg from
Panama. ' She brtn'ss.'up : a large cargo ''.of
coffee and .: general. ¦ merchandise. :H.er
cabin -liass-prtgerB are; 7: : '- v%i f •••';.'. •¦• . ¦
j-' !^T. it .' Rei*«neer,' 3>T1bs:- jtilii :;'Karnr, ¦J.\vH^
I Murray, E.i Hug*ntobl?r i Mrs,- K." de Jxipez^
j Mknuef ,lc?«?s. Sir; atrd Mrs.. :C..-Bu.tter9. :t:
j -SlbG'iiianes,--: George: C: .TJJae'iVf .Alfred .and Mrs. ;
' Kfellef, :-Mrs.-V: Jesus Corona^ ;.Cl - : H;- Hamilton
ajiJ M- Friend. ¦ ¦<¦:. ':¦¦'¦ -\ ¦<¦.:{-;¦/.] ;••¦' ;i .'.¦ Si'-:
¦ The Walla Wallia. brought down 55 cabin
p&ssefigers from Seattle. Tia<s0nra and.:ViCT
tpria and: 4j:.in- thte steerage. -Besides. these
*he had aboard 52 Japanese; half of whom
came : from V}ctortaVi :B; "!C. A A\l -of. them
had the necessary papers and the requisite*
cash/ so the immigration piflcer. hadito
land them.;\ : ;YA. I;*"- '.'.'¦'¦"¦;¦< •¦¦<•.• • '• v.-"- 'i---i
Water Front Notes.
: The:' transport. Sherman sailed for lla>,
nila :'vestt ; rda>% : She. tobk'.-a'^'ay: a, ¦ °t$w.
cabin- passengers,: but.no recruits. General
Shatter i; 'wjiS- down; :-'jo : =" • see- the steamer
awajc..:-; i: -.?.v- '.-..".:•¦ .:. ;i ' • .¦'•¦;' ¦'..;>; : ' : 'i ; i
..The •Thomas took: the Sherman's, place
aft the: transport ';¦ wharf ' yesterday -after
nown;. ; ; ..: : ;: -; > V '>.-:¦• tv -¦: .¦¦.:,¦'¦ :, ' :"';•:.
The steamers ;.Humboldt- arid . San . JOse
eail for Norfrie to-day.. $h> HurrtboldtiwiU
ca*-ry : about : i300.p&ssciigers, \yhile :the'San
jQse .will.ta^e awtty aboiitllQO. etnpliaxes
of-; the ¦ Alasfci : Commercial Company.: ;: - '¦
The £6simjs; Iiirver iiikor Making Port;
story in marble.
Through her unflagging efforts the death
rate in the barracks hospital at Scutari,
which she found at 60 per cent, was re
duced to a fraction over 1 per cent. Then
she felt it her duty to cross the Black
Sea to do what she could to alleviate the
sufferings in the hut hospitals of Bala
clava. Here competent heip was even,
more difficult to secure than at Scutari,
and the protracted strain finally brought
about the long-feared result over which
her friends* had been so apprehensive.
Florence Nightingale succumbed to the
Crimean fever, and for several weeks lay
at the point of death. Shortly after her
recovery the one and a half years' war
came to a close, and its heroine slipped
quietly home, an invalid for life. Too un
assuming to accept any personal reward
for her services, or even the carefuily
planned ovation of her grateful country
men, she retired to her Derbyshire home,
for many yrars unable to leave the house.
Her invalid life was anything but idle.
however, for she has worked during the
remainder of her long -life, ameliorating
with her pen the hospital conditions
throughout entire Europe. India and Aus
tralia: her favorite recreation being an
occasional visit to the Nightingale Memo
rial Home, which Knglahd erected at a
cost of. £50.000 as a testimonial to her help
fulness during the Crimean war. She pos
sessed a wonderful facility in condensing 1
tedious reports and folios into strikingly
.lucid briefs.' most useful to the engineer,
architect, medical officer and homemaker.
The Crimean war she characterized aa
"a sanitary experiment upon a colossal
scale," and she impressed upon the British
Commissioners its salutary but harrow
ing lessons. In addition to her helpful
books upon the health of the British sol
dier her labors in helping to found the Rel
Cross Society entitle her to the gratitude
of the soldiery of the civilized world. Just
recently in her sevrnty-nlnth year Eng
land has consulted her regarding the- mili
tary hospitals in the Transvaal.
FLORENCE NIGHTINGALE
these early advantages foreign travel
added, its broadening influence. Wherever
she went^she studied the science of nurs
ing; tending with her own hand some
wounded. Arabs whom the family met
while traveling in Egypt, studying for
several months with Pastor Fliedner's
Deaconesses at Kaiserwerth. working
ballads in -which popular enthusiasm ex
tolled:
The N'ightinsale of the east,
. ¦'. . ¦ For her heart it means jcood.
And in the Nightingale Home, St. Thomas
Hospital, London, a statuette of the
"Angel of the Crimea" tells the samo
¦ : Lo! in that house of .misery
:¦ A lady with a lamo I »«>•
Pass throueh the climmwtne gloom,
¦And flit from room to room. •.¦.•_ •_
i • And plow, as in a dream of bliss.
The *nc?ch!e?s »ufferer turns to Iciss
: Her shadow aa it falls
.: Upon the darkening walls.
On Kngland"s annals, throush the lenx
Hereafter of her speech and sons,
A light. its rays shall c&st
: From ; portals of the past.
. -- . A lady with a lamp shall stand
-. ' la the great history of the land,
. - . ; A noble type of grcod,
. Heroic womanhood.
Not so elegant, yet probably a3 sincere aa
ths more polished verse, were th© street
games andlectures for th« convalescents.
¦The most -difficult of: all the provinces
was. of course that of nursing, yet it Is
sakl that whoever there was the jrreat
est danger. or distress there the faithful
head was to he found silently superintend
ing, .never allowing a severe case to es
cape her. personal treatment. To accom
plish this she often- stood twenty hours at
a time, and after the doctors had retired
she was. to be seen making her nightly
rounds through miles of suffering pa
tients, shartlrg with her hand the lamp
that she carried, that it might not disturb
the :sick, many of whom aa .«he pasned
kissed her shadow on their pillows with
passionate enthusiasm. Longfellow ha*
commemorated this Incident In his ex
quisite "Santa Filomena" with such nyin
pathetlc touch that no biographer of Flor
ence Nightingale can refrain, from quot-
with the Sisters of St. Vincent de Paul
of Paris, serving altogether an appren
ticeship of nine years of close study of
the alleviation of suffering before the
critical moment arrived that was to test
her life work. Meanwhile she had great
ly impaired her health by working night
and day : for three, years, putting the
Harley-street Sanitarium upon a sound
financial and scientific footing, thus dem
onstrating indisputably that self-sacri
ficing helpfulness was the first law of her
being.. •:. ".
While' recruiting- from the bodily ex
haustion incident to this. work she shared
in the horror agitating all England,
caused by the terrible pictures of suffer
ing which William H. Russell sent to
the London Times from the Crimea, In
these letters he demonstrated so clearly
that the unsanitary condition of the Brit
ish army was killing off more* men than
the deadly battles of the Crimea t h at
England became panic-stricken over the
moftalitv list, yet seemed helpless to cur
tail it. In the hurry and enthusiasm at
the outbreaX of the Crimean war (1S54)
Great Britain had dispatched shiploads of
men improperly provided with food or
clothing for the severe Russian climate.
Starvation, cholera and agonizing suffer
ing were the results. But two persons in
England seenrt-d to retain their compo
sure amid the general consternation-
Lord Herbert. Minister of War. and Flor
ence Nightingale. The former wrote a
letter to his friend. Miss . . Nightingale,
stating that he considered hex • ihe only
person in Great Britain capable of bring
ing order out of confusion, and imploring
her to organize and direct the reform of
the military hospitals, and this letter was
crossed by one from Miss Nightingale,
volunteering to placg her strength and
anility at the service of her nation.
, Good trained nurses were almost un
known quantities in those days, yet, noth
ing daunted, Florence Nightingale sal'ed
from England with thirty j; f»f the best
nurses that she couldV muster within, a
week from her letter of volunteer. Let
ters immediately appeared in the daily pa
pers inquiring who this patriot was, and
when it became known that she was not
the hospital matron of the old regime, but
a young, delicate and singularly accom
plished woman who was about to try to
lessen the hideousness of war, popular
gratitude and enthusiasm became intense,
when her mission: became an accom
plished fact and It was found that her
quiet good sense was able to overcome the
popular prejudice against womanly prom
inence, to conciliate the general disap
proval of medical and military officials;
to train her staff into the knowledge that
mere kind-heartedness was not the only
requisite for intelligent nursing, and to
keep all around her up to the very highest
standards, the national support became
Immediate and practical. So sympathetic
that her grateful patients declared their
recovery to be due to the compassion with
which she dressed their ghastly wounds,
she nevertheless understood so well the
art of tempering her sympathy with meas
ures for ultimate .gain "that outsiders
sometimes lost sight of her tenderness in
her phenomenal; executive energy. '¦/,
Overcoming professional jealousy, by set
ting her nurses an example of obedience
to the surgeons, she set herself to the taslc
of cleansing the Atrgean hospitals, con
taining over 4000 patients. These. barrack
hospitals at Scutari, which had been
loaned to the British Government by thei
Sultan of Turkey, were 100 feet above the
Bosphorus. The day before the arrival of
the staff of nurses the wounded from Bal
aclava had been landed: packed in the
overcrowded transports, their wounds had
not been dressed for five days, and cholera
and fever were reaping their, fearful har
vest The poor menoutside in the trenches
half-perished with -.cold -.-and starvation
were faring far better than the sufTerers
in the tainted wards of the disordered hos
pitals. ....
After comparative comfort had been es
tablished Florence Nightingale opened a
diet kitchen, where spe -ialties were pre
pared for the S00 men who could not eat
ordinary food; a laundry, where for the
first time since they had been' brought
down from the Crimea the ragged cloth^
of the soldiers- were -washed.- end- a com
bination library and schoolroom, where
the chaplain aided her in instituting
Perjury Cases Continued.
The Sylva-Shnptqn-Craven perjury
ases were continued bj- Judge Cook yes
erday until Monday morning. At that
line the defendants will be called for ar
aignment.
, ;. ¦ » •
Rely Upon Platt's Chlorides
or all household disinfecting purposes. •
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
BIOGRAPHICAL STUDIES FOR GIRLS.
Charmiiig. stories are extant of her
sympathetic childhood in which -the
nursing of wounded animals • and : scien
tific bandaging of dolls : played an ab
sorbing: part. Her studies of the lan
guages-and higher mathematics devel
oped axid strengthened her mind for the
sdentillc discipline; in store for it. andher
facility as a musician and needle woman
trained her delicate touch: to a nicety. To
Named for the beautiful Italian city in
which she. was born In 1S20, ''Florence
Nightingale passed much of her happy
and charitable childhood at her father's
country seat at Leigh Hurst, Derbyshire.
She wag peculiarly fortunate In her for-*
bears. From her mother's father. Wil
liam. Smith, the prreat philanthropist, ishe
inherited her earnest desire to be one of
the world's helpers, and from her father
she derived that mental . equipment and
broadmindedness vwhich converted her
ambitionlntp.fact. : • : : .. : .-.
In Florence -.Nlg-h,tingale Is found that
rare combination of ...heart .and .brain
which makes the Ideal nurse. By means
of her winsome personality . and marked
executive ability she dignified the pro
fession of nursing .and raised it from the
makeshift employment of the degraded
br ignorant up into the realm of the fine
arts. ¦':•¦¦¦ • . . .•;',- '; ;¦ .'•.'-¦¦;.
XVn. FLORENCE N1GHTXNGAL.E.
BY CHARLOTE ; BREWSTER JORDAN,
Four big steamers ''inade rort-'ptio after
;« .other yes&er&iv.'i The first to get: In
as' ihe Ocoihlc <C6mpa:iy'5 mail stc-amer
laiipcma, from Australia., .Xew; iZealiihd,
atnaaa and .Hawaii- *¦;¦'. Stop ¦ carne; to an
anchor shortly . after 4 a, m. and -was ; to\
ciwt?d f-ix hours later. by theJPaciflc. Coast
Sieamsblp Cornpaiiy'iJ Walla Walla irom
t'eset Sowid : ports.: :; At 10:20 a. a ; : the
Mail Company's City of: Sydney : arrived
from Panama ¦ and- rva y ports, acid . at. 1 :40
[. m. the lyosmos 'litter Luxor arrived
Cram Hamburg ai)d. South : and Central
AsnorScan ports. The Marlposa:Was sent
Into Quarantine, l>ut ..tlie .other- vessels
acre allowed to dock ajter luspection . by
: ¦;- quarantine olTlcer. :..,'. : .; .•¦¦.:•¦
Hariposa-- 'in . : .r-
Ttt Mariposa made a quick 'run of 6
. pe C hours from Honolulu, but -owing- to
- fact that Efae came from Sydney, a
pl&gtiA-fnxccwa port, she had to go into
ifcarantina. The passeng:ers.. ; froi:i Auck-
X. Z.. -iApia., : Samoa- bnd -.Honolulu
I'.-t-re allowed to come • ssitove, but .; the
¦;Gney passengers \ci 11 be uimigated ; be
. re they canlana. -The mails were also
• r.t ashore, so theijorily. sufferers' are: the
,-dney ¦ passengers-" and tbe steamship
mpany, Ttm chances are the vessel will
released this. afternoon and ¦will axonce
<->metp her dock. V" :. : : .': j.' ; r; : -¦;':¦ ' •¦
Thecahin -p»:ssen£ers TH& came over on
.hi» ma41 : boat are: ¦ ;.. .,{- : :'-.- ¦ : -'-
From Sydney— Mr.: anfl- Mrs. J. I>: Oastrier.
»*rs. Lubeck, Sir William Anstfuther. \V. ¦ Rog
:r». R. £3utiihou»«, G. . W. Jeffery. 1*. Round.
Hariposa Frcfii ; Australasia, Luxor
Prom Haniburgn, Sydney ! From
Panaiaq. a4id Walla: Walla ; ¦.:¦. }
¦ ¦. ¦¦¦'• Froa the Sound. ; :: - ¦¦¦;¦/
Four Mail Steamers Arrive
From DiSferent Parts of v
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
.Cbandber of Commerce > of Los Angeles
: .--• .. Forwaicts a Tnousand Dollars ,;
. In. addition . tov. speakers . already an?
nounced: 'for-, the ir.ass-meeting ; in aid of
the Iiidian famine relief fund at Native.
Sons' HaM:tb T night:witl ibe.the Rev. Fred
erick Ay. Clampett, D.- D., and the Rev. JV.
Bradford LeavltU Almost every deriom-.
Iriatiph willrbe represented: upon the plat
form, and all are ' again; earnestly invited
to take part- in the effort to relieve. this
most terrible' distress that any part -or-the
world has known; since; JS77: Cholera has
now appeared in the forhihe-stricken dis
tricts, adding tenfold t.o the already over
whelming horror, and' the. people are dy^
ing by thousands: • ' ;•¦:•: -.'• ..'.'.¦.
This dread scourge -finds', easy and will
ing \ictims in the washed and -weakened
population, who havef rid strength to.re>
sist its inroads. ¦ : Five cents a day— one
car fare— will keep a. hYan alive in India;
but the Hindoos are dying for lack of even
that much. ¦: .• • ¦',:¦* ¦¦ ¦ ::, ¦¦ •-¦ ¦ •- :.-«'"
.: The Chamber of Commerce- In LosAn,
geles yesterday forwarded $1040 to Born*-,
bay for the- fund,- and there* is much inter
est manifested as . to What. San Francisco
will do to-night.: '-« -•;;.: ¦' . *•
JV;ote of ; Symp^tliy Sent to
: ; plergy; ;by : Merchants' |
-i! : - : .",V ;v Association; ¦ -¦:
ALL SECTS WILL
JOIN TO ASSIST
THE STARVING
T^E SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 2,. 1900.
Murder: in CMnatown.
"XVOjig: Mow :atid- r>ongr r Chuei : theStwo
Chinese- arrested on suspicion of killing
Wong Jeung at :84p Washington street
Thursday night, were taken fbef ore Judge
Fritz yesterday. They were charged, with
murder,' arid, after being instructed | as. :to
th-elr tlghta the case .was continued ; till
Jyrie-5.; . :.;' : ; ;¦¦'¦¦ .- ; '.' ¦ '
Fell and Broke His -Leg?.
¦" H. Behrens, a carpenter, fell irom the
second story of a building at Golden Gate
avenue and Steiner street yesterday after'-,
noon" and sustained a. compound fracture
of the left leg." 'He was removed ¦ to the
Receiving , Hospital, ' v/here ¦ the injured
member was set toy Police Surgeon Bun
nolL ! ' " ' :"
You can- ruin .a. good picture by put-j
ting th« wrong frame on it.: It : requires
judgment to frame pictures correctly, and
the right klrid -of moldings, too. Our
vert cherry, ebony and % gold and sepia
moldings, which have -just (arrived, -are
gems of the molding-maker's art. Bring
in your: pictures and, let us talk it over
with you:, SanbOrn, Vail & COj, 741 Mar
ker street. . ' : - ¦•".¦ '.' ..'.;¦* 2\- ¦ -¦ •. •*;
We ' buy trunks' by;the'' carload. : That's
Why "iwe sell good trunks'; a.t reasonable
jjr.icVsv--.Sait cases.JvalisesV/traveUng' bags,
coin purses and ppcKetboo-KB in our leather
foods' department. : Saribprn, Vail j& Co.,
741 Market street. ••' ' ¦ . •¦ •¦": ¦ . ¦• • • •
Lokiig Club's Last Concert,
The. last 'cdricert of the twenty-third
season of. : ttie : Lorir.s Club's existence will
be givefisoon. Miss- Dorothy. Goodseli
be the ; soprano. soloist of the occa
sion, which' will be; her. first appearance
before the Coring- Club. J. P.. Veaco
will sing: Iiouis Campbell-Tipton's . "Tho"
You Forget," and a number of new: com
positions will ;be; heard. , . ".
The New Yorkers.
At a meeting of the executive commit
tee of the San Francisco Society of New
Yorkers helcr- last Thursday night at the
Occidental 'Hot?! the folio-wins named
were elected to membership: William Al
vord. Asa K. -Wells. Captain William S.
Barnes. Colonel Sheldon I. Kellog-j?, Dr.
James H. Gates, Ben Schloss. Captain
James G. Taylor and, A. Decourtrex.
ing it
(1820.)
Fund.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
OCEAN TBi^VEL. : i
FOR... : ';;; wM- :
STEAMSHIP^
San
Juam
MONDAY, JUNE 4; 1 P^-
For Tickets »n-3 X*.t|elgfat ' kpcly to pTTrK-
CKK'P Tiekot OfSoe, A^nts, Market etri^et.
Pacifio Poast Steamship Ca
t DIRECT.
.The I>*ew aad Palatial : Steel ; SteainijBhiij":
¦U"i!i FaH ; from- "Prattle and Ta<rom» i: ;f:uner-21,
.7':ly tl and Aiitust. ?7. ; The f ENA"B9R **;)-
ir,«: July 21. u'ill maVe an. Excurt-ion Via
t^f ir.iiiM pa^s-aire, ajul aft^^..^an<3in)f .'at X'ojjie
¦r-SSI oontlnue ftprth-.tfcro" Th" .eehrlw^: Straits.
5 :spt Rn5t Cape -on tht«" p-itxsrian. roast., trof sing
tb* Arctic. Cirr'.e, piiaripiS^ into tfie :; - Arctic
r. fan. l^s^nserp e.re.'c<jvls«<3 to lr!fp*.ct:lhe
Beaatof before; :r>urcl;aRing; . tickets : Via other
EJceunenl' as hf r EeCond-cla*s aSd sfeerase ac-
coiBinrv1aff<-ins are- ijxperior : tb.-.lhe . flrtstt-lass
a,rcorr.7T!o<Jatrch9- en . tn^Kt of tJte Ftearn»i-i» aiJ-
rertis«a:Xor XOTtie.:-.-Th? Paciflr: Coast : Steam-
?h:r> Ca. ha* te«i jruftn-Jnff;. 3u- st ; <"irn>rfVto
Aiafka— «-intf:r-:a.n.<l '«aiTjni?r— (qr 2i !'i*ar«: : ;an<l
Ea the Ptoneer r*rit?c;CoaEt Liri". Fcr farther
infrsrrcstS^i inquire -"ipf^ J. IF. TBOWKHIME.
Ar: M n IVjrk. Ertttle.. VT«£h. ; K. POSTON'. .-?.?»
Wa5h'.r.KTon rt., Portland. Or.:W. PAURIP. 124
V,>f-t BecODfl ft,; Lor Ansele*. Cat : . G<5<>t>'-
ALL. J'KRKI>fB A CO., Gen.; Ajsrts. ?Q Maj-ktt
st. TICKET OFJFICJB— « Seyf ;ilontgomery ,: iti
Han FraneiEcn r :: '!^V: r ? : .;S-. -: ': : '.!'-l .' -. :'-¦[ ¦:'.' '¦: " : '--¦•
AMERICAN LINE; ; ivi
. EIW T02K. ECIJTHAEPT0S. lOHDOTf. PASIjBL 0
' ?tr.ppice at CJrerixjurs:. ; VestniotfhdL':;' ! r |
rrifri. NeTv Voric every Wednesday, Jft A. , in. I
St.- T»a!ul: •;,..;. :junc":-C.;St, ;I«««i«....^.-.Ju!?; 4
it LcuiC,......3unel? .\exr T4rk ..;:.. July 11
fit. i'au!.. ;june 2T;gt. paUl..,..u;.,,July..li
':'•¦¦;: f?tiQ .STA» UN£: ' : : :; .-;'':...'-x v '!
': N«* :V 0 rti sod AntiVer-,.:? ;¦; ;; ; : ,;l
Troni S*»w .'Vcrk e\xir TVe<3n*j5dajr,"3!^ --hooin; 1 .:
Noordlan.i L: .i'.June :. $' Westerniand ,,>June Z?
Frieftund .June .nUConsitiirt»n ,'.;v.July.'4
Southwstrk .....Jua<t;S0::\'oor<!.Iai}d ......July ; ii
t,i/iP(rit'i.m/^ ¦¦¦'¦ ¦ ;;:; : . ";::'l
P. S "OlJIO,"; frora. : B*>attle i'ti Xcme .iiwl £t
Michael. May £kh. Falltnffa from
H«-&ttle uNunp, f-:t. -Michael "ajjd Yukon RJver
Points, June 20. .July 31. August .30. For rate*
other infotrtjation .^jiply : f5- :" '-.'.- : :. -=
-. . r, CilPlRn TIJAXKifiTATJON COi .-¦..!
3' ; Munt celery ;Ktr?ct. - - .: .";. : -.
H A Ni BURG- AAl SrIC AN >
. TWIN'-SCItEW E5-XPHESS : KERVtCE ¦': i
TO PLVMOUTH fLcisriJQX». : : ; CHERBOURG
iPAaii*) a^o Hamjjuhg; •¦•".-* V ¦'=
TWIIC-SCUKW FABSEXGE8 SERVICE '
TO PLYMOUTH. CIIi:!i.bOJJlid AND H.VM-
UVKG. ALSO NEW YOHX TO CHERlJOUKa
ASD HAilliUr.a. ; . , ; . ¦ -,:.-.: ;.-..-.¦ .
For fi*-:<inir.'«=t'-.. Apply to . ¦¦:¦
HAlznUTtG-AMJvRJCA?.- LI5?E.S7 B'iWy, If. T.
PAHIS HOTEL,-^ACCOMMODATION : •
RpffrveiJ >f secured befor* departOrt. "i
HER7OG & CO.. G«J. A«*. fcJr. Pacific Coast.
Ml California Et., corner Sanfcoxne. S. ' S*. •¦_;
ALCKLASI> AND SyttKElV* .;
S. S. MAIUr>OSA (via Hcr.olnJy) to New Zea- ;
'and .in<1 Australia <Wrt,, June 13, 6 p. jn.'
t S AcSTKAI-TA rjlonoinly jonlj). ..........
M, Wedr.'fday, 2-ane.i". TSm^-2 p. za.
J 'J. 5r*ftti;KE!.S & t5n.Us.CQ.; Mgts.. i« aomqoti.«i
P.w 7. Foct Pacific tL 5 reiib»0fflce f 323 Mitket St .
Pacific Coast ; Stfiamship jCoffi
T,. .'':.*' ''¦¦',. ¦ '-: ';•': $t>arn«rr^ '^lirave 1 :
• 5>w_' :: '' - : ' "6-ltarf, . -?an Franelscdi.-i ;; *:¦ : : .
Ka^-,. . ¦'. : •¦ ' .-if or Alaskan ports^U.a.-Bi; ;
fBS^Sv _. :-June 5, Id; i5 r 20,- 25,:; 39. JBly :
¦ E**v3«Sfek ;: ' 6 -;~* '"-i Chang* : >.tt) . ;. cbpFip9Jiy'.»'.
L R\»S^\44 sieamera: at geattl?'. ¦ -.;¦ .-. -J : i\
' &'*?V'«4> Ska ¦: v.-Fcr'-VIctttriaii Vancouver /B-
'jaHM«»9S*V''^)V ; Pnrt: r^wrisead.'. fieanle-,
/ ¦• '.Taccma. : .; AnacortcS ;
and NeTrjWhateprti (Wa-sh.)-
' '-'¦ : - '':;¦ : ;^^ 'II ;8Lj.'-m./-'JJipe. -.6- ¦¦.!&,. 15^-29, -=23,' /•
SO. .'July 5, arii -every fiftli ;• day % thereafter:; '
cJsaujr? at Prattle ': t$- : -thls '.'company's' £t*am»ri;
for Alaska and; -G, N*; fly. ; at.-tacprpa't(J >f.:P...
R*\ ; -at Vancouver to C. t*. : Ry. ; .. . .• ¦ . '¦'•¦•' \ ':.'"
For Kure-kd.. HumbcMt /Bn^—iO a. ; rrt, June:
2. T. 12/ 17, *?.:?t,,;July ?, and every . fifth day.
tb-ereifter.'; ~ ; : '¦¦'.': fi '•'- . i :¦-.?¦:'.. : Y'.'-' '': ')"'.-*••-¦--"* -:•¦'$*<
'¦ Vf>r Panta Cru*. , SI^nfT^y. .- Fa^i Pltneon. Car-
ucos,: Port Hafford ."./fsin Lvii? Obi=pio). (5avi<?ta.
Sant^-: Barbara. Ventura.-. Hu^nome. SWfP^ony--
. East San P«dro (Los ATifreleFi and . Newport^ ;
9 a. m.. June ?, ?,-¦ 12.' "is.: W.. It 2?.- July;?,;. and.;
' ex-try .fourth day thereafter; ; • • ,..'• ., .- ... .-, : '
: : For Pan UiPffo. '»pt'oppinj* wnfy at Port Har^
ford (San tMls Q-XiippQ), Santa Barbriri, Port
Los ArrpIm 4hd Redondo its* -. Angeif.s^-ll'.a.
m-. June 2. 6. 10.. '14.^ IS,- 22.:;2S; 30, Zv\y(i,\ ti,ti&
every fourth. day thereafter:; .1. - .:. ¦ ¦;..,'¦. V ' •;'
: For Kn^eriarta. Mae-ibJena ;0iy. Saii-.Jas* ' del
Cabp Mazatlan. Alt^tta. I^d/Pas. fetnta.i-Rosalfa
and Gaarmas (jlexVco)— ift ;*;.,.:ni., .Tth of each
montli^:' ¦¦' -. -..Ti"' <"¦¦'¦>- V ; :i-.-v: •'•¦"¦='¦ -'¦¦¦'.: •' .¦ :-. :-i '.
For.Vfurtlier Infdma.tffrn.:' -.obtain. ? cpmpaoy's.
..fnlders.. ': ; ¦¦'¦¦}.¦ ¦¦¦';¦'.'¦ ¦¦¦¦' '¦:':' :-.=¦-. . :. •¦':.-;¦*:: *'.'/.¦¦
Th* wrajany' resen-es' the: right tov. ehanere.
stipatiiel-F, paninsr .dates -end i',. fcoars .<>f : .Ba>lin^r
\rithrtut. previous "notlc*..; : -.-'J- :' •' ..; '.-"¦'. .'• . ; :•::¦
•: --T1CKKT:OFFICK-H«'.^sw ' llontgbmenr
Etre*^ <Palsce H/iitel). ¦ : - - : i [• ."- >: ; •¦ •' - :=•. ¦¦. '¦'¦"¦
GOODALL, PERKIXS .-A C0. : . Geti. Agents.;;
; i ; ;; ;:.;;.: ; :. :' 10 Market; gt-,; : San Franicisco. ;- .
I * THF 1 B. h K m. .
\ ¦ IJISPATCH FAST STEAMEBS\T.p ::¦;¦::::
He 3 cd -^ a? r, _/k. tnt o
i • .-;¦-' Fxom;firje.ar-sireet: Wita;tjt At 11. s. m,- :•:'; .-:
CAbC $l£ First Class; ,. ;;i;nclUdlrvg Birih.
r«MV S8Seccrh1i ClaS*/ ;r ; ': drud Meals,: -i,
, :si?Atte: of : GAL-rFOiiNiA-: y -.\ .;. ;'v.'.r.^ ; ¦}
: ¦¦- i ¦•'•s;i^...;'i;;-..-..v:'.;V.-.i'.-.-..aiine S, 12, ?2.,3a\vt
¦¦ -ce*iA:MBiA: *tLi\*:*.i\^:\:.i\itifi. :?. 17, 27, July ¦ 7
i ! : iP&nrt line ito Wafla X\'aHa.' Spokafte.; putte,
;ITel«ia- an<J; all ••¦¦{•'bnints .-^hi ithe r Nciirthv^st, :
: iThrciukh ¦ tic^'pts |o..ali.: pnihts Si^as^i. ; ' . : - ;' : "J : '''¦
\\-rU-iy. '; ; E; C. WARD; At^nti > y :
: -: - 1 "-.- . ; , :- . -. :¦'¦:••:¦ :¦¦ ::-:;; : ;-:-. ; - :--;-ie3o Mairtast ; '4t.-- i i'
; : :-no«3pAi.iW:PEJiK-iNs * r no:; ":,- : ¦ "~--'.r>: ¦.'.-
] : -i' ¦."¦-.'>:¦. ¦' "\ ' '"¦• Su:i?rin.ten4ehts. '¦ : : ': : -- ;' • : ;.'..
JTOYO KISEN KAim
S-TJjAMEhS :VTJLL'. I^EAJV^i '\VHXRF A . : <X)R--
-¦¦rtcr FirWt .and : BraHnanJsitTeets/ l-':b:"m-.'i; :
I for Ti?KOHA.MA : and: HOXtMCJOJJG, calilmr : at
| r KGb*;iHioi:oip, ; Kairusakl : and! ¦¦ Shangrhal; ':an<l
«. ; k-eniiecl Ing a t HbrtK kotisr *ft h '; stipaiaeri.: for.: Ia-
ett". Ha cargo: received, oil board-. «o. ijay
hot MiiirrJ ; :^'' ¦'¦:.. "-^". ':%•¦-;;•••¦¦' .-,-'. C : : :>"!¦: '-.•.
;;;ss; iroNOKoxawARu..^;:; :.^iV:.^»-..i;. ; :'•-.
¦I- :. .>.;.-;•... :..'i-.'.'..«.:;.-.':,. 1 I:hur»!d3J'. 'June' ;l«,. im
:SS. *> I PPON MA Til' v. :¦'. i-. .Tuesdar, : : July. 10;' ; 1900
: .. : .¦;., -..:. . ; ....^. .>-¦,;,;^.~ Ayetist- 3i : '; J909.
; -...-..;.::¦ -.:;:¦ ..Vla.JllonolwlUi/- • .-; : :-; : . : -< ; : ; :- r-
I - : - R'oii-ha-trlfil tlcke^ts'^ at ; rediited .'-rates; 7 ; ¦ :F6f "
: frei^'t, and ¦:passB5e : .apply;::at.;qompa;ny-:s.' office;
.CI Market stree.f. ¦;c<jrn.'?r K-irtii. ¦•; -.:- ' ; -'.'¦¦ {-.'¦•r"-
1 '•'¦•'•' ¦~" : '' '' : '-'^ : -.-^V :^ VE -^*ri-'?-° ? y^.'.%g^t.- i '';'-
: DIRECT I.tkE ;^;jrAykEP;P^Bter i ;:>^^;::
SatlinB every -Thursday-: irtst^ad :pf : <^Rrr?s
Saturday. :fronj ,J<ov*iriber '?.¦ JSS3, -¦ at -O*^?*^;
• 10 mi '¦ '¦'.« ... ' ; frorri-.Pi<T'.:*2. Mortis ..River,: -'foot : ot
MOiton «t. I*A ; 'BRKTAGNfi.. Juru? 7; ££ ijQHv
RAINE. June 14: H\ CllXm'.AGSP.. J\tne : 2l:
>L' AQUlTAIN-n.: June 2S, J Fit«t -cta^s to .IJawe;".
¦$6fl and upward: "6; lier cent r.»^u«-t j hni qh,, reun<J
¦•trlii '" Second class Ira Harrns. $¦(.%¦: ia ve'r cent
'. ; re'aucOr>n on rouiid itlp-. G.i:N v i:itA ," v iArTEKCT,
FOti UNITED . STATES :; A JCD CANADA^ 32
Broadway: (.Hudson.: fculldinp),; New Yflrk. : : J.
F. FirGAZI : & : CO;,; Paciflc Coast .Asefits; ;5:
!Aonvg6m<!ry. n.v-?iiue; San Frftncisco. \ : : - ¦ \ r .? ; :
~ B ay Aiwij^.'^iyEfl^'^EA^qeits*:::
iIforu s-li|yipTARi);A|D wtMi;3
s -..;': Steamer *"MoatlciilOi^ ¦-.-¦••..•-¦• ';.•¦¦
¦! jiOV Tues. "VVedj, Thtira. Arid -..9:4S
¦ '¦a m ; 3:15, ?:S9 r»- : Pi- (er.Thura. nifrht);j.Fj|y
davs I p. rn. and 8:30; Sunday.Ri lfcSO.a. m;, 8
n 'rfl' LandinB and office. Mission-street :D0ek, :
Pier No 2. ; Telephone Main MSOS. .. [¦¦.¦¦"..'I
'. ¦¦ FARJE -_V'.-... ¦¦'...*.-¦¦ ¦:¦'.'¦ i^~:.:.::.-....'.iOo, r : .:¦•¦¦
V B AJ A C ALI F<3 Rivi l^T
Damiaiia JBittei?s
| S A GREAT RESTOIIAXIVE, ¦ INYlijOlU- •"'
• tcr andKervlne. ¦ . -_-."••', ¦ :'. ::•'. .- ,' : ••
Theiacat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Toulc for ihe Sexual Organs for both sexe*.
• Tb* Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tbeKld.
ueys «i>a Bladder. Sells an its own merit*.. \ . ¦' ",
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agent*, j
C3 Market «t., S.:; F.— (Senfi: for Circular,) : .i
ABSOLUfi^CtJllTl,
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
hear signature of /^u^^^
T«ry small, ulas easy ': :: := : . ¦ ¦/'..';;.- .;-. . : '-)P-; '. : ~'\\ V:'- ;',-.!¦ ''•
'-..¦: t» C«k« CS VBL^aiW .""¦-.,; '-.¦¦¦ ¦ : -c;.- ¦''':. '¦¦¦:'¦ '"" '.''i'-'-.-r ¦':."¦[
SFF [* a DTrtfcn F0R HEADACBL SFP
S£E CAKTtRS roRDimms. 5EC
ccvmitfi: Kittle fob biuouskess. w C viiTixrD
GENUINE mtVER ™« torpid liver.. QENUiNB
H PILLS F0R C0KSTJP4T1OH.
WHAPPFB M~~M ' raRSAUowskiH. WPAPPFR
ADVERTISEMENTS.NEW YORK? June l.-The cotton market
opened steady at a decline of 2@3 points »i,fl
cased off 3«?5 potnta further, early wbles ™?
being satisfactory. From the Towlst po"nt
Nezv York Cotton Market
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 27,000; to-morrow
20.000 estimated; left over. 5000. StromV to T;
higher, closing weak: top, $5 20. MItpiI «i,£
butchers,- $5@5 20; good to choice heavy $3 10^
i$i.m?&&T c5: ught - « 95 ® 5 »?s
= n °!^- aethers. $5@5 50; fair to oho ce mixed
$4 2505; Western sneep. $5 10<S5 40- veaHin™
J5 4C«?5 90; native lambs, .I3®7: Wwt^UiSS*
$6|7 10; spring lambs, best .Ud^tSS. wTft
CHICAGO, June 1.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1S00.
Steers moderately active at steady prices.
Butchers* stock slow, a shade lower. Best on
sale to-day, five carloads Kv>sans, .at $5 20 Na
tives, good to prime steers. $4 50@5 CO: poor- to
medium, $4 40@4 SO; selected feeders. $4 25@4 S"
mixed stockers, $3 50#4 10: cows, $3® 4 25- heif'
ers. $3 15@4 65; canners. $2 10<S2 90: bulls' $2 73
@4 25: calves. $5@7; Texas fed steers '$4 50©
L 1O i J?. e ? as Brass steers - *3 75©* 40; Texas bulls
$3 10(53 GO. ¦ '...'.. : . .
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, June 1.— Porter Bros.' sales of
California i fruit: Apricots— Royal. $1 50@l 55.
single crate; Seedling, $1 25. • Peaches—Alexan
der. $1 45 box and $1 20 single crate. Plums—
Clymans; $1 50ft 1 55 single crates: Cherry. 7iVg
SGc. Cherries— Republican. $1 45@1 55; Tarta-
Tians, 50c@$l 50; Royal Anne, 60c@tl 60;" Centen
nials, 70c. Earl Fruit Co.'s sales: Apricots—
Royals, $1 35@1 60, single crates. Plums—Cly
mans. average $1 60. single crates. Peaches-
Alexander, average $1 45 box. Cherries— Royal
Annes, 60c@$l 30 box. Two cars of fruit sold'.
NEW YORK, June 1.— Earl Fruit Co.'s sales
of California fruit: Apricots — Royal, 51 35.gi 63,
single crates. Peaches— Alexander. $1 20@l 30.
Cherries— Royal Annes, SI CT>. Porter Bros.'
sales: Plums— Clymans. $1 65<&2 SO, single crate;
Cherry. $1 10@l 20. Apricots— Royal. $1 15@1 80;
Gold Dust. $1 25<i?l 65; Newcastle, 60cig$l 10;
Prlngles, 70c. Peaches^-Governor Garland, $2
box; Brlgcs" May, $1 40; Alexander. $1 15«?2 15
box and $1 30@l 6a crate. Cherries— Royal Anne,
50c<8$3 50 box; Republicans, $140<7?2 55: Tarta
rians, 35c@$l 15; Bigarreau, 25c@$l 25; other va
rieties, J0c@$l.
California Fruit Sales.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— \ July. Sept.
Opening 5 9 - 5 9
Closing 5 8T4 5 S%
PARIS.
Wheat— May. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 10 2190
Closing 20 30- 2190
Flour—
Opening 27 25 28 65
Closing :. 27 25 28 70
4f #
NEW YORK. June 1.— R. O. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade to-morrow will say:
While returns of failures ln May by branches
of business cannot be given until next week, it
can be stated that not over six months in
mere than six years have shown as large de
faulted liabilities as May will show, owing to
the fallurt 1 of a firm principally engaged In
cotton brokerage. The reported liabilities of
this one firm exceed those of all firms falling
In every menth but one last year, and In every
month but three in 1S9S. Manufacturing fail
ures ln four weeks of May were only $2,456,
643. and trading failures • $4,720,301. while fail
ures in brokerage and "other commercial"
lines amounted to $13.928,822., The decline in
cotton to 9 cents and the reduction of regular
print cloths to V/» cents at Fall River, with
outside sales at 3 cents, indicate that specula
tion in this case may have somewhat checked
business and Industry. -
The rapid progress of events in Africa, with
propects that the war will en-1 soon and the
gold supply from that region will. be resumed,
has naturally, affected business and security
markets on both sides of the ocean. Needs of
foreign borrowing may be much reduced and
hindrance to foreign Investments here ln large
measure removed. But the demands upon
American machine works and other supplies
are likely to be materially -Increased whenever
the restoration* of .industries in South Africa
begins.
The most conspicuous feature of domestic
news is the steady progress toward a lower
level of prices for the chief materials of indus
try. Without excitement and with very small
Fnl<>s. It Is believed th<» smallest ever recorded
in May at the three chief Eastern markets, ex
cept in 1S93, prices of wool have declined so
that the one hundred quotations In Coates Bro
thers' circular would average about 21.84 cents
against 24.72 at the highest point February 1,
and 18.15 a year ago. .The stagnant and hesi
tating condition of the goods market, though
not extending to the most favorite staples,
which are largely sold early ln the season, has
caused much irregularity In prices of goods of
other grades, so that some have been cleared
out , by concessions of 15 to 20 per cent from
the early quotations of the season. There is
also more complaint of ' cancellations, and on
this cccasion In cotton as well as woolen goods.
With prices adjusted to a lower range all tex
tile branches might have expected greater, ac
tivity. . ;< ¦ ¦ •¦'¦..¦.- >.C
. The change in hides has made . marked pro
gress also, the average at Chicago declining
over 3 per cent for the past week, and thus far
nhput 17 per cent from the highest point. Large
supplies' are mentioned In some grades, but the
weakness of the manufacture has been the con
trolling feature. • . '^
Orders for . bocts \ and shoes have been • re
duced , more than shipments," because many
works had orders which are not yet exhausted.
The shipments ln May have, been smaller than
In any other year since 1892. ; They were larger
by 17.4 per cent. In 1896, by 22.8 per cent In 1505
and by 27.7 per cent last year.
The decline in pigtron continues, gray I forge
reaching $18 50 at Pittsburg; No. 1 local coke
$22 at Chicago; No. 1 anthracite and Bessemer
$22 at Philadelphia: and Lehlgh No. 1 $22 here.
Only small changes have appeared during : the
week in . prices of finished products, t but these
are toward lower • figures. ". There are current
NEW YORK, June 1.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. ehows the bank clear
ings at ihe principal cities for the week ending
May 31. with the percentage of Increase and de
crease, as compared with the corresponding
week Ian vear:
Percentage.
Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York JS26.973 .... 4.6
Hoston SS.5S4.SC5 16.2
Chicago 116.121.208 14.6
Philadelphia 69.165.230
St. Louis 26,033,457 2.0 ....
PlttEburg 27,474.630 24.S ....
Baltimore 15,026,452 •¦¦• 2^-1
San Francisco 17.331.2C6 12.7 ....
Cincinnati 13,675,150 15.0
Kansas City 10,4«3,i>01 . 16.4
New Orieans 8.365,323 30.S
Minneapolis 7.9C3.C31. .... 10.2
Detroit 6,192,119 .... 9.3
Cleveland 8.908,421 15.4
Louisville 6.481.000 .... 7.3
Providence 4,552.200 11.1
Milwaukee "4.251.&43 14.0
Ft Paul 3,736,150 5.7
Buffalo 3,948,787 2.5 ....
Oiriaha 6,555,327 7.5
Indianapolis 4.S38,7Oti .... 2.9
Columbus, 0 5.3S2.C00 14.3
Savannah 2.630,808 . 49.3
Denver 3.457,S3* 33.6
Hartford 1.C34.591 13.4
Richmond 2.J93.417 17.7
Memphis 1. 568,082 15.5
Washington 2.111.0S9 8.4
Peoria 1.339.29S .... 3.1
Rochester 1, £22.445 :
New Haven 1.104,852 21.0
Worcester 808,512 .... 33.1
Atlanta 1,170.521 11.0
Salt Luke City 1.663,028 4.5
Sprinsileid. Mass 919.859 .... ' 16.5
Fort Worth 1.&07.43S SI. 7
Portland. Me 755.873 37.2
Portland, Or 1.563,214 3.9
St. Joseph 4.435,237 37.7
Los Angeles 1.600.IR9 31.6
Norfolk 1.452.MS ' 23.0
Syracuse 725.220 .... 21.7
l>es MiMnes 1.027,327 ¦ 26.9
Nashville S69.347 .... 14.7
Wilmington. Del 676.132 .... - ....
Fall River ' 676,797 .... 9.«
Scranton $.10,655 .... 1S.6
Grand Raplda 875,731 .... 5.0
Augusta. Ga 606.626 6.3
Lowell 415.793 20.6
Dayton, 0 792,631 15.4
Seattle 1,705,220 17.9 ...,
Tacoma 959.464 50.7
Spokane 811.401 .... 28.0
Sioux City 1.WS.134 54.3
New Bedford 2S2.822 J8.2
! Knoxville, Tenn 356.701 .... 5.5
Topeka EC2.80O 19.5 ....
Birmingham SS3.S24 C4.6
Wichita .; 473,473 1.2
Binghamton 266.C00 7.9
Lexington. Ky S45.C87 31.5
Jacksonville. Fla 226.600 38.6
Kalarr.azoo 332.F35 2.4
Akron 4C4.000 87. 0
Chattanooga 3S7.467 9.9 ....
Rockford.«Ill 25S.663 9.2
Canton. O.. 267,900 ....
Sprinf;fi<*ld, O I61.117 .... 2 0
Fargo, N. D 216,0»O 6.0
Sioux Falls, S. D.... 92.469 28.2
Hastings. Nebr 161.S74 33.0
Fremont. Nebr 135,840 .... 23.8
Davenport 842.204
Toledo 1.426.701 2 5
Galveston 4,45>3,0OO ....
'Macon. Ga ' 360.000 ....
Little Rock 375,242 33. S ....
Saginaw 263,105 7.1
Helena S22.797 21.6
Springfield, 111 239,605
Evansville 815,124 20.9
Youngstown 275,565 .... 23.6
Totals. U. S.......*1,333 I 1C7,OS7 .... 2.8
Totals outside of
New York ...J507.GC2.1CS .... 0.3
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $13,053,524 27 4
Toronto 9.1SS.9S0 .... jn
Winnipeg 2,301,864 25.1
Halifax 1.328,116 7.5"
Hamilton 723.858
St. John. N. B 630.S80
Vancouver. B. C 857,992 5.5
Victoria. B. C 508.147 v, 12.8
Totals $38,591,371 '..;. Tl
Nctv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, June 1.— Money on call, steady,
1%<??" per cent; last loan. 2 per cent. Prime mer
cantile paper, ZMQVA per cent. Sterling exchange,
firm, with actual business in bankers' bills at
$4 S7',i<&4 S7U for demand and at $4 81H for sixty
days; posted rates. $4 85 1 /4H4 S8H; commercial
bills, $4 83»iff4 84. Silver certificates, 60JT61C.
Bar silver, COc. Mexican Dollars, 47Hc. Gov
ernment bonds, irregular; State bonds, weak;
railroad bonds, strong.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. June 1.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of U>e $150,000,000 gold : reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $145,7S3,529; gold, $56,754,755.
London Market.
NEW YORK. June 1.— The Commercial ' Ad
vertiser's London flnanical cablegram says:
The markets here were very quiet -to-day be
fore Whitsuntide, i They were, ; however, 1 firm
though featuresless. The public Is still appar
ently .waiting for ¦ official , news of the fall of
Pretoria. London was , Inclined to realize in
Americans, but • New York equalized this ten
dency. < >
CLOSING
LONDON, June 1.— Atchison, 2554; Canadian '
CHICAGO. June 1. — When business began ln
the wheat pit the smallness of Argentine ship
ments, 954, COO bushels, was a consideration,
taken ln conjunction with the steadiness of
Liverpool. July opened %c higher at 67H@67Uc.
find while the mood was on advanced to 67\iCti
67%c. This wa« In spite of rains in the North
west. There were reports early that the rains
were not general, but the Impression grew de
spite the conflicting reports that the breaking
of the drought was accomplished. This drove
July wheat back to 66^ic. where the market
steadied, and after fluctuating drowsily above
that figure closed steady at 66%<g67c, only %c
under yesterday. Trade was quiet.
The corn market was firm on buying by some
of the old bull crowd, light receipts and a fair
cash demand. Trade was quiet. July closed
firm. HS'ic hither.
Oats were dull. July closed a shade down.
The provision market was heavy all day. Hog
receipts were heavy and the recent support
from packers was lacking. Pork closed 17Uc
under yesterday and lard 7Vi@10c lower and
ribs 7Vic depressed for the July option.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 64>4®65Uc; No.
2 red, 63@70c: No. 2 corn, 37'4fff37^c; No. 2
yellow, 37^ift37vic; No. 2 oats, 2t"*$x22e: No. 2
white. 24VJift'24%c:-No. 3 white, 23%(324?4c: No.
2 rye. 55c; good feeding barley, 36H©37c; fair to
cHolce malting. 394? 41c; No. 1 flax seed. Jl 80;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 SO;. prime timothy seed,
$2 42H: mess pork, per barrel, $10@ll 10; lard,
per 100 pounds, $6 G0@6 72>4; short ribs sides
(loose), $fl SOf-d 55; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 6H@6fic; short clear sides (boxed).
te SMiT; whisky, basis of high wines. • $123:
clover, contract grade, $7 50.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creamery. ln-glSHc: dairy.
13H@l"c; cheese, 7%@9Kc; eggs, steady, fresh,
lie.
NEW TORK, June 1.— Bradstreet's will say
to-morrow: Readjustments of price quotations
to meet the changed condition of supply and
demand are still the leading features of the
general trade. In volume the business doing
Is of a between-seasons character, improvement
ln some lines being counterbalanced by in
creased dullness in other branches. That the
basic conditions of the trade are ln the main
of a favorable nature, however, is proved by
the continued good railroad earning returns
which come to hand. The facts seem • to be
that the volume of business offered the trans
portation interests of the country continues
considerably In excess of a year ago. . Crop
reports are relatively most favorable as re
gards corn and oats. In the Southwest wheat
crop prospects are still maintained at a high
average. In the Northwest wheat has been
helped by late rains, but owing to their 1 late
arrival it is not certain how much benefit
was obtained thereby. Most prices are lower
on the week, wheat noting a fractional drop
despite unfavorable French crop advices,
whence an enormous reduction in yield Is pre
dicted and also rather blue reports from the
Northwest early in the week, attended in some
respects by the rains mentioned. Pork pro
ducts have sympathized with the downward
tendency of values, aided thereby by increased
receipts of hogs. Some further liquidation has
been noted in cotton and the price has sunk
to 9c. In textiles the situation is rather de
pressed, although some improvement ln re
orders for dry goods is noted at leading Job
bing centers. Print cloths have been marked
down by the Fall River committee, but this
is a tardy recognition of hitherto known facts.
Manufacturers of woolen goods are out of the
market for raw wool and the outlook at pres
ent favors the lightweight woolens upon open-
Ing at lower values. Boots and shoes are dull
and a number of Eastern factories are short
of orders. The hand-to-mouth domestic de
mand for iron and steel continues, but the
number of small orders received Is taken to
indicate that consumers are practically bare
of stocks and any general shut-down for a
month's time, such as is supposed, might lead
to a scramble for supplies. Export business
continues good, though limited by the scarcity
of freight room. Southern pig iron and steel
rails not'nt; mest Inquiry. The situation in
the pipe market Is no better and plates are
also weaker. Concessions of fractions of a
dollar are apparently easily obtained for pig
Iron, but throughout the trade the feeling is
rather more cheerful, the feeling being that
lower prices will on the one hand encourage
consumptive demand and on the other hand
tend to restrict production by less economical
plants. * The settlement of the wage situation
this year might also be a possible source of
restriction of prdductlon.
Wheat. Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 4.533.140 bushels, against 3.63S,
86S bushels last week. 3.596,065 bushels In the
corresponding week of 1899, 5.21S.0S6 bushels in
1S9S, 2.620,083 bushels in 1897 and 3.309.S65 bushels
in 1S96. Since/July 1, this season, the exports
of wheat aggregate 1S2.916.596 bushels, against
217,065,374 bushels last year, and 216,145,055
bushels ln 1S97-98.
Business failures for the week In the United
States number 133, as compared with 167 last
week, 129 in this week a year ago, 173 In 1S98,
lft« In 1S97 and 235 ln 1S96. . •
Business failures ln the Dominion of Canada
for the week number 21. as compared with 17
last week. IK ln this week a year ago. 21 in
1S9S, 37 ln 1S97 and 29 In 1S96.
Chicago Grain Market.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
NEW YORK. June 1.— The stock market de
veloped an activity and strength to-day which
have been foreign to it for many weeks cast.
The dealings were to a large extent concen
trated in a limited number of stocks, but there
was nevertheless a broadening of the market
and erer.eral gains throughout, even In the less
active stocks. The Industrials and specialties
were emphatically relegated to the background
and with the exception of Sugar and the To
baccos there were no notable points of strength
or features of activity in that department.
It was a movement of railroad stocks decidedly
and the advance was made in the face of a
number of incidents which would have been
quickly seized upon by the bears in the lately
¦prevailing temper of speculation to force down
prices. To-day, on the contrary, the outstand
ing shorts were eager to cover their contracts,
and when they sought to secure stocks they
found a very limited amount offered, and the
resulting rise In prices was rapid and sharp.
It was reported in Wall street that a large
short account, amounting to over 20,000 shares
of various stocks, was being closed out pre
liminary to a European tour. The buying of
some individual stocks was attributed to opera
tions by a pool. The opening of the market
disclosed a mood of depression over the dis
appointing effect o( the war news on foreign
markets. Lundon sold about as many stocks in
this market as were bought for that account
yesterday and draRged prices below last nighrs
level. The steel stocks, after fractional ad
vances, turned heavy on the news of closing
down of additional mills and offered no sup
port to the market for the rest of the day.
Sugar hung below last night's prices all day..
In fact, the strength in the Tobacco stocks
was the only notable element of strength in
the industrial departments. A number of re
ports for April showed gains in the gross earn
ings, more than v.-ir>ed out by increased operat
ing expenses. But these reports were I Ignored
and caused no check to the upward tendency
In the railroad list. This found its Inception
In the grander group and spread to Union Pa
cific, the Atchisons and Missouri Pacirtc. It
was attributed to the favorable crop weather
prevailing In the West. Later In the day the
trunk lines came into prominence, led by Balti
more and Ohio, the common rising 4 and the
rreferred £U. The market closed active ana
strong at the bert.
There was a good absorption of railroad bonds
at advancing prices. Total sales, par valutr,
$1.4??. OCX
United States refunding 2's, when issued, de
clined ' t and old 4's advanced \i in the bid
price.
Fhares Closing
?o!d. Stock?— Bid.
13.410" Atchison 27V4
3,1*7 Atchison prefd 73^
12,835 Balumore & Ohio 8%
100 Caniidian Pacific 94^
4J» Canada Southern 53
2.020 Chetai-eake & Ohio 2S»i
1.700 Chicago Great Western 12^,
TS.'jSj Chicago Burlington &. Quincy 131
Chicago Ind & Louisville 22
100 Chicago Ind & I/aulsville prefd 53
Chicago t 'Eastern Illinois 99
l.no Chicago & Northwestern 167
&.3M Chicago Hock Island & Pacific lOSVg
1,01)0 CC.C4SI Louis 60H
Colorado Southern 6
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16Vi
Delaware & Hudson 113
450 Delaware Lackawanna &. Western.. ITS'i
Denver & Rio Grande 19»«
200 Denver *c Ulo Grande prefd.... £9%
400 Erie '. 12
L165 Erie 1st prefd SS
1.S20 Great Northern prefd 157',j
Hocking Coal 14
100 Hocking Valley 3S«i
245 Illinois Central 114
COO Iowa Central 1SH
Iowa Central prefd 4S
Kansas City l'ittsburg & Gulf 184
735 Lake Erie & Western 7S3*
I.ak« Erie & Western prefd....' 91'i
Lake Shore 215
4.050 Louisville & Nashville S1H
5,0:0 Manhattan L '. -91%
2.CO0 Metropolitan Street Railway 158
300 Mexican Central 13'.4
Minn & Pt Louis .' 63'4
160 Minn & St Louis prefd 96V*
13.070 Missouri Pacific 661a
1C0 Mobile & Ohio 39<i
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas lO^z
105 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 34
200 New Jersey Cenrtal 119
S.S93 New York Central 133-i,
4,140 Norfolk & Western 36^i ;
Norfolk & Western prefd 7S^~ i
&.IO0 Northern Pacific Cl'i ¦
1,200 Northeni Pacific prerd 76»i
3,700 Ontario & Western 21"*
Oregon Hallway and Nav 42
Orf-Kon Kailway & Nav prefd 76
1C.45T, Pennsylvania 132%
l.yW Heading n : §
S.04J Readins let pr.?fd ts%
3.000 Kf-adim: 2d prtfd 23^
Itln Orande Western 551/. I
100 lllo Grande Western prefd £714
200 St Louis & San Fran lofc,
St Louis & San Fran Jst prefd 69
1.470 Ft Louia A ISan Fran 2d prefd 34*4
St LouIr Southwestern 11(4
3.000 Kt Louis Southwestern prefd 2S
22.4M Bt P.-.ul ..119'i
fit Paul prefd.... ....1731/.
St Paul & Omaha 11;'"
13,700 Southern Pacific 3514
1.C45 Southern Railway : 1*%
4.140 Southern Railway prefd 55%
SCO Texas & Pacific iqtT
S3.000 Vnlcn l'aclftc .• 5GU
7/SO Vnion Pacific prefd * 75J4
2-.0 Wabarh jiu
1.400 AVab.ish prefd 21*.
2.4D0 V>hefling & Lake Erie 91/.
1,&CO Whre'lnj; Ar Lake Erie 2d prefd 27 "
200 , Wisconsin Central 16
Express Comiianlcs —
Adams 113
• American 117
United States .• 45
........ Wells Farso 113
Miscellaneous —
300 American Cotton Oil -33
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 90
2W .American Malting 314
American -Malting, prefd 20Vi
2.0C0 American Smelting & Uefng 38»i
2S0 American Smelting & Hefng prefd.. 89>4
American Spirits pA
American Spirit* prefd 17'
2,070 American Fteel Hoop 23^4
500 American Steel Hoop prefd "'
11.54". American Ftecl & Wire... ' z$tl
¦ 1.675 American Steel & Wire prefd 77
450 American Tin Plate 23'.4
.-. American Tin Plate prefd.... 74'
1.97" American Tobacco my
.: American Tobacco prefd..- "123
500 AnaccnJa Mining Co '" 4*7
11.735 Brooklyn Rapid Transit.. .. 72*?
300 Colorado Fuel & Iron 37*!
12.000 Continental Tobacco 26^4
t, 719 Continental Tobacco prefd jiu
32,000. Federal Suel 3c»t
' 175 Federal Steel prefd csil
1.150 General Electric ........135
1.71 1 ) Glutofe Sugar 49a'
.. — Glucoye Sugar prefd 5191'
210 Internationa! Paper 2J>4
C20 International Paper prefd ay.
Laclede Gan 7.3%'
SO0 National -Biscuit ...'.'..;":;.... 29«
2^9 National DIecuit prefd 79u
2C0 National Lead 20
National Lead prefd 97U
l.S.'O National Steel 2914
7£3 National Steel prefd «
New York Air Brake..... 127
750 North American 14ft
EASTERN MARKETS.
Charters:
CT/ie Gralilee ioai3s.rherrhar,dise for Tahiti;
Roi<-ricV:bbu.', merrtjanOise for -Ililo.
•¦¦Tile Inciti;.- rl-rruis lumlxr at Port Blakcley
tot the.' West"; dJost; Wraiur, wheat at Port
land'fo.r -Eurcpe, %S? Sd^prior to arrival.
.• :£x0rts : to' : JJazi.'aiian Islands.
.; The . bark pij'ir.rl|f cleared yesterday for
Honolula :Vith' -a .larre carsro of general mer
¦¦.rhandiFe, wh!?h 'jTif'ludPd the. following: 132S
tiaicp ha>% 32^ ftls corn. 155, J45 It>s cracked corn.
,£M ctU'vtuate barieV; C2.701 rbs rolled barley. 4RS
=ct!f rvd liariey. 1H2- cl'.B GatF, 43 cs jwilnt. T4 ;k^s
IuwIkt, *0 cr fire brick. ISfcO sks bran. 12 l^ils
¦rife, .lj»-j;frpe hardware. 4 cr- cry uroods, 50
,'crste's bif ycles," 115 bbls 16 cs oil, 56 rolls paper,
'¦454. r'kgs mill work. 49 carboys acid. 5 bbls
putty. 54 pkgE machinery. 300 cs coal oil. IS
.jjkfrs Biddlerj-, 7iS' V-i* bread, 2S rkgs building
n-.aterial. 1Z6 cs canned salmon. 73 pkg:s house
hold gioils. 4^6 rkce tank .material. 263 ca soap,
29 bales meal. 00 cs millytulT*. ©•<; Kis stnrrh,
S00 lidls Rhooks, 711 bb!s flour. S cs turpentine.
10 c? soda ash. 2CC5 Tbs soda, 15 Mis brooms,
W<2 gals 217 cf Vine, 17 pkjrs agricultural im-
I«!enients. 3i<C cs canned goods. W) bbls vinegar,
100 pka middling.*. SD <-tls wte»t."S00 rbs tobacco.
£.3"J1 rbs lard. 30 cs whisky. iC bbls 10 kts sal
mon, 44 cs j.alnt, 20 bbla tar. 3 cs varnish.
Mining Subplies jor Gipj Town,
The British ship Lord Templetown sailed
Tuopdaj- for Cape Town. Ala Seattle, with a
large cargo of mining eujipli*-?. 71 bWs= asphal
tum, 30 cs canned Goods and 31^.022 feet of lum
bt-r. The total value of the cargo was $1S,7CS.
Additional Cargo.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
Australia, which sailed for Honolulu Wednes
day, carried 14 cs dry g-vjds. E0 bdls paper,
C!'i0 IT'S Amorican rice and 34 cs hats.
Merchandise for J'ictoria.
The steamer City cf Pu^bla. which Failed for
Tlctpria ThursJay. carried a carso which in
cluded the folJowinic:
For Vancouver — ©"""'.pals wine. 23 k<"gs pickles.
C7 rolls, wire goods, 10 cs mllistuffs, 10 bxs
dried fruit.' 5 ¦ cs canned, vegetable?. 5 bbls
rtsin ioll,'-'20 cs paint,; 25 kits mackerel, 4^ lbs
butter, i fks. nuts, 10 cs axle prease, 2S3 lbs
ccflee, -IS Bxs metallic drj", 6 cs bicarb soda.
i« mpOdUt insulated wire. 310 bxs fruit. 325 ?ks
onion*; Z2> cr vecetables and 4W s=ks salt.
•' For Victoria— 3 US tbs tobacco, 5 os ammunl
tloh.. •? .bfcl)B lubricatins: oil. 6 bbls bluestone,
* Mis. Iron wire', 15(!-bxs Edgren tin plates,
3',.4>'7 r;s butter.. 21C0. Ibf. clieese. ."0 cs dried
<ru'it. .t ct canned oystprs. 2^.540 It>s malt, lu
Hia<3:pteel dfey. -10 • Hind ste<X sh'K-s, H3 cr
vegetable*. • 67o bis ¦ fruit.
Merchandise JGr Japan and China.
..The British. -Eteimer; Alffoa cleared yesterday
ftjr.. "HoKgkonir a-rid;- jYck&hama .lyith a cargo
vatued as follaw5j- jlonpkorig, J21.112; Japan,
j H; 4-107 Ct'j Ma.n41a;- I'M'; total, tl43',iN9 60. :
Fpr : : 'HohgkqnK.-i-2S5Q ¦ rts dried .fish and C500
c-s canned .ipestK ' ¦ . ' ':,-.•¦; '-:
-'¦ Fi r- Jajran^-43 .<-s caTcium. 120 -sks potatoes,
Sr..-.;3Cl.raiBwhr*ky.- 4>.641 pals alcohol. 74 pkgs
maobirifry. . 2 : 1,'bls Blue, 3i<l Ttis soda. H7 or
liiovcles." '•^Tfjfr kegs, nails, 1« kegs bolts, . 1S1<>
b/JJ^wjre. E)iortf.:.302 l>d!s Epiice?, ; 3013 prs rail
t;'.i'i • fratfrial. . ; . .
• l-'ct . llatifia— tOP. Jtf carbide.
Customs Collections.
• : .Local crs.toms. collections in May were $543,
?«'»; : acaini-t CBS^tW In May, 1K9. and fcr the
ifirj:t five iiSoRths of the jear J3,Cv7,i4S, against
•J2.,?«,OO6 3a*t year, ' '
, ¦[}¦'/' Coinage of the Mint.
' ."pie. coinage .-cf; the local Mint for the first
¦ eleven' months of the fiscal year amounts ta
ST>O.C17,'9Tj,' againet. SC0.4C4.2C1 for the same time
last' .year, the- 4epcripti<ins belnt? as follows:
¦Ltouble eap-i. s. tS7.2:i.0f«J;'eagleF. tS.70."i.Oi/i; half
*8ri«-s. $t4T0-,f)0 l J;-do31ar8, $546,000; half-dollars,
rLMBUSTj -tjuarter-dollars, 1082.678; dimes. tZZZ,
vv.- ':¦¦.
Produce Exchange Sales.
Call Board sales for May
.'¦'.'¦ ' ¦ Tons.
.V.'.tirsrt : ....-• ;...... SS.500
; Barley? .:• ....:.. ll.&oo
".Total' ..'.: ...'. : 11C.400
• Total sales frqm July 1, ISO?, to June 1:
•.¦.•• - - -' Tons.
V/beat ,.1 1 ; 1,842,800
Barley '. »,....» 1E0.S00
Total .-... : 1, 493, 700 ;
Apples' and Prunes.
¦ ilJui. advices frorc S'ew York say: "The
dried, fru-it market wai« more active yesterday,
'life being imparted to it by the picking up of
the deirsar.d for : appl**s. largely tor export pur
]ks-s. • Several ral<*» of prime apples were re
corded- at -5\c snd-of etriotly choice at 6 T 4c.
;i'rrne4 are unchanged. Pel"? in vzr.a'A lots
.of tlveUacper siios sre teini? made right along
.to '.chlx-rs in all parts of the country. The
Ftnaller s-izes of r'unes have practically dis
apjieare'J frcm the market, and many ord»rs
for tnem-are bfir.jr received, which it is prac-
Ircally imr»L«- 3 Ib!e 10 fill."
The Lumber Trade.
Pacific CcaFt' Wood and Iron for June says:
"The mountain -mills ai* enjoying a heavy and
profitable early 5"»p?ion' f,n& 1~X) promises to
irfve >ven - «rrealer returns .than did the
yea"r .15^7: Th'c. cpwners are improving ;h.»ir
I">tentf;and lr.rreaslne the qutputs of their ftv
itral mills •> «s to keep up with fh^ orders for
li-ral. **(f ¦¦'¦?f«* prtC Eastern RbipznentA.
/•The -pine and .Fj>ruce mills 'or the Pccific
~\.orthvvf ft are overcrowded with demands anil
the ni'.Hs "are rozfelng Say arijl night to nil
tl:rir (or-riyn and -doro«>Uc calls. Vessels aro
Ffinr .a' r.d- coming with a ruot encouraging
frequency.' ort'l the- Pound and Columbia River
•are active' beyond any idea of the California
nilil-t**»"n<*r. ;
"Shingles are Eastward with araaz
lrj| razsdtty and the redwood prooact is rarry-
Ing.ali' liefore it -Jir.der "he ab> advortlslr.-j
air-ri !:andlin'R from ihe southern yart of Cail
forirla." J*rfcev. held well and Eoir.i? from a
»>l'ng!« p-.'ir.t of shipment ¦ there Is little danger
or an pvcr-sur-ply. : lowering the existing con
eutcn bl o'Jotctlomt'l_
Weather Report:
ably with fcg along the ccast ln the morning;
frei-h west wipd.
For Southern California— Fair Saturday; fresh
wet-t wlnO.
F'<r Nevada— Fair Saturday.
For Utab— Partly cloudy Saturday.
For Arizona— Fair Saturday. .
Fc-r San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Satur
day, probably with fog in the morning; fresh
west wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Continued on Fajro Thirteen.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 Su»;
Sterling Exchange, sight ;. — ¦ 4 %S\
Sterling Cables — 4 89H
New Tork Exchange, sight — . 12Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphic — • 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60
Mexican Dollars 4S4 *3
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool stood about the same.
Paris was lower.
Chicago opened firmer on better cables, light
Argentine shipments and Insufficient rains in
the Northwest, but subsequently weakened oft.
The local market was neglected at previous
prices.
Spot Wheat— Shipping:, 9C@91Ke; milling:, 93%
essuc
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'cklock — 10OO ctls, 1 99c;
18,000, 99» 8 C.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 6000 ctls. 99^ic.
BARLEY— There is no demand worth talking
about and the tendency ln prices Is downward.
Feed, 67V4@70c for No. 1 and 62y-«S 1 65c for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades. 75®S0c;
Chevalier, nominal. ."' . *¦¦ ¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— There is nothing going on.
White,. $1 10@l 30; Red. Jlgl a); Gray, Jl 07J4
Q\ 15: Black. $1®1 07U per ctl.
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, $1 10<gl 13 per
ctl: Eastern White, 97»icS$l per ctl; Mixed.
'ryE-SS^THc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60g3 73.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 25S3 per barrel. . ;
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. }2 75 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 73: Rye
Meal. $2.50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $3 23@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. J404 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 25;
Farina. $4 CO; Whole Wheat Flour, $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6>37 23; In sacks, C 75®";' Pearl
Barley, $3; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas. $5 50 per
ICO lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Everything stands as before.
BRAN— S12 50@13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17<g20 r»er ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, J13@16 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27: Jobbing.
$27 DO© 28; Cocoanut Cake, S20g21; Corn Meal,
$25: Cracked Corn. $25 50; Mixed Feed, $15 50.
HAY— Wheat. $7@9 for common to good. $9 50
@10 for choice; Wheat and Oat, *7 5<X&9 50; Oat.
$6(ff<5: Barley. $5@7; Alfalfa, $5<S7 50 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, $4 50<g6; Wheat.
J6@7 per ton.
STRAW-25(g37«ic per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
BEANS-Bayos, $3@3 20; small Vhlte, $3 233
3 43; large White. $3 10@3 20; Pink. J2 30@2 90;
Red. $2 50©3; Blackeye. $3 50®4; Eutters,
nominal; Lima. $5 25g5 20; Pea. $3 40@3 50; Red
Kidneys. $4@4 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary. 3Hc
per !b for California and 4c for Eastern; Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 2V5@3c: Hemp. 4#4V4c;
Timothy. 4S4HC.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 90®2 25; Green, $1 90
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Old Potatoes are firm and new are steady.
Onlcns continue weak. Supplies of Vegetables
are large and increasing.
POTATOES— Oregon Burbanks,* 75<#S5c; New
Potatoes. 50@S3c in sacks and 35c@$l ln boxes.
ONIONS— New Red, 75®S3c per ctl; Austra
lian. $3fi3 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 12*i<J 20<j per doz;
Rhubarb, 50c<g$l 25 per box; Asparagus, 50c®$l
per box for No. 2 and $1 25'pl o» tor No. 1 and
$1 7o<@2 25 for fancy large; Green Peas, .73<SS5c
per sack for common and $1SJ1 23 for Garden-
String Beans, 3@4^4c; Refugees, 5@6c; Wax
Beans. 4ffoc; Cabbage. 40@5Oc; Tomatoes 25<a
75c;. Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 4@6c; Dried
Okra. 32',ic per lb; Green Peppers from Los An
geles, SiglOc; Dried Peppers, S^lOc; Carrots, 25K
35c per sark; Summer Squash. SC«?J73c per box
for Vacaville and $l@l 23 for Alameda; Cucum
bers. $2Q2 50 for Alameda and $1'5'1 25 per bbx
fcr Marysvllle; new Garlic, 3® 4c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
In spite of the small arrivals of only two cars
from the East this week the market is dull and
lower for some descriptions, receipts of local
stock having been larger during the past day
or so.' ' • •
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gob
blers and ll<ij!12Hc for Hens; Geese, per Dalr
$1 25<?1 50; Goslings, $1 25@1 50: Ducks. $4«5
for old and $5®6 for young; Hens, $l®5;
Young Roosters. $5@6; Old Roosters $3 ZOfiA-
Fryers.' $4 £0; Broilers, J3f4 tor large and $2®
2 50 for email; Pigeons. $1 3C@1 75 per dozen for
old and $1 50@l 75 for squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Some dealers report rather more steadiness
In Eggs at unchanged prices. Cheese has ruled
firm for some little time. Butter Is ln sood
supply and unchanged. ' . l ~ .
BUTTER— • ;
,c£ l :t alIlery ~ Fancy Creamery. 17#lSc; second*
6^ 1 C ° Od . t ° ch^«.."«
«,, CH1 i ESE ~ New ' "4@SHc: Young America. 9a
'^/H? 8^™- 16017c - Western. 15@l6c per 1U
EGGS-Quoted at 13#14c for store' and USiSc
per dozen for ranch. *-«i»i.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Cherries are coming In small and poor as" a
rul» and the market is beginning to drag.
Peaches. Apricots and berries being preferred.
The tendency in berries of all kinds except
Strawberries Is now downward, receipts being
55 ri Curr ™ ts ar * a'so in larger supply.
Supplies of Apricots. Peaches. Pears Plums
ana Apples are steadily growing lartrer and
quotations are declining to correspond 5
«?t \£ r^° f , Or ?P5 es was auctioned aa follows:
St - Michaels. $2 73@3; seedlings. 40c@$l 75. '
Limes F brought U P 45S cases °t Mexican
DF.e'inTJOUS FRUITS—
4fVff~ RI / COT^~ 35 i 950c r box for Prinsl»s and
fo^ Royals: ln baskets. 40c.
'»*rJ n PLES — Green Apples. 30®50c per box" and
-OS.Oc per basket and es®75c for Red Astra
ch<»n», large boxes.
"EARS— Madeline, in large boxes. 65c: la
Em 3 a T 'r-,?? 01 !^ 30 ® 400 P er k 0 *'- la baskets. 2C310c.
_.f LLiMS — Clymans, 50c@$l per box and crate; j
Cherry Plums. 35c for drawers and 50= for
bcxes.
STRAWBERRIES— $4^3 per chest for large \
and $7©10 for- small berries.
GOOSEBERRIES— 2H«?3Uc per lb for com
mon and per lb for English.
RASPBERRIES— $3<§S per chest;- Newcastle. |
J.1 per crate. .
BLACKBERRIES — $S<??9 per chest; from i
Fresno. 60®75c. • and from Newcastle. SOc per |
crate. .
LOGAN BERRIES— $ Iff 6 per chest.
CURRANTS— J2 5(XJ?4 per chest.
FIGS-From Arizona. $1 per box.
PEACHES— 60c@$l 25 per box and CT350C per
basket. '
CHERRIES— 3O@i0c per box for black: Royal ;
Anne. 40«J6Sc. In bulk. 2<f?4e for black and |
2@3%c per 1b for white and 4®6c for Royal
Anne. Receipts were 4600 boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. BWP»
per box; Seedlings. $1®1 73: VaIen , cl^rS .„;
Lemons. $101 50 for "common and £»'. i>0 t *° r
good to choice: Mexican Limes. $43*. Ba-
nanas, $2@3 per bunch; Pineapples. $3 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes. !n sacks. 4g4'ia
for 40-50'». 3^«3%c for 50-60's. 3V»«3Hc fcr
60-70's, ZQV^c for 70-S0 # s.. 2"«©3c for S3-S0' 3
and 2%§2 a ic for 90-100's; Apricots, 9?l)c f- P
Royals and 10©llc for Moorparks; Peac.Vs.
«Vs34*ic for Standards. 5c for choice and 5Vj>
«c lor fancy. Peeled Peaches. 10®12Hc: Evapo
rated Apples. 5^iS6c; sun-dried. 3S4c per lb:
Pears. 3H'84V4c for dark and 7@3o for bright
halves; Black Figs, I^ii2c; White Figs. 2£3c;
Bleached Plums. 7V4c: Unbleached Plums, <o
for Bitted and lHc for uncltted.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy. p»
lb 10c: choice. 9c; standard. 8c: prime. 6c;
unbleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, 8Hc: choice. "Uc; standard, 64c;
prime. 6c; unbleached Sultanas, oc; Seedless,
50-1 b boxes. 5c: 2-crown, loose Muscatels, h^c:
3-crown. «><ic; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers. 2
croWn $1 £0 P«r box; 3-crown. $1 69. Fancy
Ousters. $2; Dehesa. $2 SO; Imperial. $3. AH
pricen are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts. SQlc for Standards and 99
10c for softshells; Almonds, ll»4S12c for paper
shell 9©10c for soft and 435e for hardshell:
Peanuts. 5»4©6%c for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia: Brazil Nuts, TH'frSc; Filberts, IZ-SU^c;
Pecans. HS13c: Cocoanuts, 14 50^5.
HONEY-Comb. UH@12c for bright and 104®
lie for light amber: water white extracted.
7 1 i*l7Hc: light amber extracted. 6^©«\c; dark.
5 'lJE^SWAX-24'g26c per lb.
Provisions.
Hams are beine cut by the local Importer*
and the market rules dull and weak. Other de
scriptions are steady but neglected.
CURED MEATS— Baccn, lie per lb fcr heavy,
lie for light medium, 12c for light. 13c for ex
tra light and HHc for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13@13^c: Mesa Beef. $12 per
bbl- extra Mess. $13: Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork $14 50^15: extra clear. $19; Mess, $14 50;
Smoked Beef, 12^-5130 per lb. - ! '-'
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7®Sc per lb for com
pound and S'iSSc for pure: half-barrels, pure.
S',4c: 10-lb tins. 9*ic: 5-lb tins. 10Hc
COTTOLENE— Tierces. per lb: hair
barrels, 8?iS874c; xo-ib tins. 9V*c
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides continue weak and dull, though no fur
ther decline is noted. Wool and liops are In
active and nominal. ¦>".'
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10c: medium. 9-59HC: light. 9tW4c:
Cowhides. 9S3%c: Stag's. 7c; Salted Kip. 9c:
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, sound. ISc; culls and
brands. 15c; Dry Kip and Veal. 15c: Dry
Calf. ISc: Sheepskins. Shearlings. 2C«33s
each; short Wool. 35$C0c each: medium. 71S90c:
long Wool. $1@1 30 each; Horse Hides. $Sy2 50
for large anrl 73cS$l 50 for small; Colts. 23<a
SOc. Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 37Vic; fall
or medium gkin», 32^c; winter or thin skins.
20c. Gcat«kin&-Prime Angoras, 7ic; large and
smooth. 5fic; medium. 33c.
TALLOW_No. 1 rendered. 5c per lb; No. 2.
4g4«-,c refined. 6c: grease. 2V;'a3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is' quotable as follows:
Northern free, 13 1 -i'S17c; Northern defective. . 13
@15c; Middle County, free, Iifil7c: Middle
County, defective. 13til3c; Southern Mountain.
12 months', 12til3c: Southern Mountain, free,
"months'. 11^13c: Southern Mountain, defec
tive. 7 roomhs'. 1iWi12c: Humboleit and Mendo
cino 20S21c; Nevada, 14ftl7c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at egllc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The feeling Is rather steady all along th«
line, supplies not' beinj; excessive. Prices staad
the same.
BEEF— 3U»g8iic per lb' for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 8@9c; small. 9S9Vjc per lb.
MCTTON-Wethers, tUfjgtGl ewes. &36VaC per
LAMB-Soring. S^-gSc; yearlings. 7%-gSc per
lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5»igo!ic for small and
medium and 5H<g5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 5*4 ffoHc; dressed Hogs. 7®S$3C
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $". 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6\»c: Wool Bags. 2S>s@32Hc;
Kle«ce Twine. 7V»c. . -
COAL— Wellington. JS per ton; new "Welling
ton, J3; SouthfiWd Wellington. • $S; Seattle. JS;
Bryant, J6: Ccos Bay. J3; Wallsend, *3; Co
operative Wallsend, J3; Cumberland. $12 la
bulk and $13 23 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Kgg. $14: Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $ld
per ton in bulk and $13 in sacks; Castle Gata
and Rock Springs. • JS 43 per 2000 lbs.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been five arrival of coal from
Washington. li>.0iO tons; three from British Co
lumbia. 11.650; two from Oregon. 1125; on* from
Cardiff. 23s:*; total. 31,414 tons. This is the first
arrival of Cardiff coal this year, demonstrating
that this grade is no longer a necessity. Its
high cost prohibits consumption, except for
specific uses, such as trial trips of steamers.
etc.; for which purpose a small quantity id
generally kept In yard. Our arrivals this week
are sufneient for our immediate requirements,
still the quantity of fuel in yard is prescribed;
In fact, 4t seems Impossible to accumulate tha
usual amount for contingencies. Prices remala
unchanged for the coast products, not having
varied 5 per cent either way this year. There
Is an occasional variance In foreisn grades
when a spasmodic demand springs up. When
this ia satisfied valuations decline to former
figures. ' Under present conditions ia former
years Australian would b« larsely contracted
for. but at prices materially lower than now
prevail. Freights command the situation and
we must submit to the Inevitable. Carriers are
walking off with the profits, leaving producers
of coal and grain in the lurch. Producers were
equally as merciless when the position war
ranted a few years ago. Now shipowners ara
havlnsr their lnnlnsrs."
RICE— China mixed. $4?T4 03; China N'a 1.
$4 25@4 70; extra do. $5S5 ;¦>: Hawaiian, $3®
5 25; Japan; J4 73<S5; Louisiana. $4 50^7.
SUGAR— The Western Susar Reflnins Com
pany quotes, per. lb. in l<X)-lb bags: Cubes,
A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5. .0c: Powdered.
5.30c; Candy Granulated. 3.30c: I>ry Granulated.
5.20c; Confectioners* A. 5.20c: Magnolia A. 4.$0c;
Extra C 4.70c: Golden C. 4.Wc: barrels. 100
more: half-barre!s. 23c more: fccxes aOc more;
DO-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for lew
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos.
half-barrels. S.SSc: boxe«. * .»* per lb.
Receipts frcm the Islands ia May were 4G1.
437 ba«s. '___ .
FOR FTUDAT. JUNE L
Receipts of Produce.
in™,- nr qlca ..15. 4.'2 ! Bran, sks 1T10
Wheat ctls ..... 5. K>e Middlings., ska .... 540
Barfev ct Is . .... 2.1W Pelts. bdl 3 2*7
Oati ctis — •• 290 1 Hides. No 7M
r»,,r»o»- rt'« .... oil Mraw. tons 25
Cbe'4 ' cti" '.'• — 24" Wool, bags 1S4
Tallow ctN »*» Ejtks. dozen 22.470
Powder' car 1 Quicksilver, flasks l~
curar =k? 3.235! Leather, rolls isa
Onfoni sk« USilWUwt, gallons 30.5M
Polices sk 3 2.:.73.Llme. bbls 6S1
: :- OREGON.
.<«¦•«¦¦ po^s-.
Potatoes (Australia). Onions (Australia),
Wool (Tahiti); bales 4
The Giant Powder Company has declared
dividend No. IS of 73 cents a share.
NEW" YORK, June L— FLOUR— Receipts.
14,445 barrels; exports. 13,033. Quiet and un
changed. - > .-.» ; -:<
. WHEAT— Receipts. 42,100 bushels; exports.
107,730. Spot, steady;. No. 2 red, S2%c f. o. to
afloat spot nominal; No. 2. 72%c elevator; No.
1 Northern Duluth, 75c f. o. b. afloat prompt;
No. 1 hard Duluth, 77V*e f. o. b. afloat to ar
rive. Options firm on favorable English cables.
Following this came a sharp decline under
Northwest selling, which gave way finally to
renewed strength on a bullish Modern Miller
crop report and general covering. Closed
steady and unchanged. July. 72^372^0. closed
72Vtc: September. 73^@72»jc. closed ,73%c.
HOPS-Steady. \
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL-Qulet. . , v>
COFFEE— Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 Invoice, 8^c;.
mild, market, steady; Cordova. DU^lSWc. Fu
tures closed steady, 10@20 points net higher.
Total sales, 33.500 bags. Including: June, to 9oQ
7 15; July, 7@"7 15; August, $7 20; September.
J7 10^7 25; October, J7 15@7 30; November, $7 13
20*; December. $7 35(S7 50; January. V 50;
February, V 05; March, $7 50.
KLt-JAK — Kaw, stronger: fair refining, 4 ll-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 4 9- 16c; molasses sugar.
3%c; refined, firm; No. C, 5.10c; No. 7, 5.05c:
No. 8, 3c; No. 9, 4.93c; No. 10, 4.90c: No. 11.
4.83c; No. 12. 4.80c; No. 13, 4.S0c: No. 14. 4.80c:
standard A, 5.40c; confectioners' A. 5.40c; mold
A, 5.85c; cut loaf, 6c; crushed, 6c; powdered,
3.70c; eranulated, 5.60c; cubes, 5.73c.
BUTTER — Receipts. 8433 packages. Barely
steady; Western. lShi'SiO^ic: factory. H@16c.
EGGS— Receipts, 13.523 packages. Quiet and
steady; Western, loss off, 12 1 i l @13c; Western,
at mark. IO^IjII^c.
DRIED FRUITS.
There was little activity in the market for
evaporated apples. Buyers are holding off fcr
concessions, but prices remain unchanged.
California dried fruits ruled dull and feature
less
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4H©6c; prime. 5%@6c; choice. 6%(<t~c: fancy.
7Hf«*c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-3» / 4<g7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 12«4®14c; Moorpark. 15@
ISc.
PEACHES— Peeled. 16^20c; unpeeled. 6©9c.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. June 1.— Except for another ad
vance of Tin there was nothing in the way of
new features to the local market for metals.
This advance was due chiefly to a correspond
ing rise in London, owing to an unexpected
demand from exporters and the slight falling oft
in receipts. The close, however, was quiet at
best, with t30 being the nominal basis. Pig
warrants were weak and unsettled. Lake Cop
per continues dull and unchanged on the basis
of J16 75. Lead ruled dull at $3 97%@4 02V4-
Spelter was easy at $4 45@4 50. The brokers'
price for Lead was $3 80 and for Copper $16 50
616 73.
Stizvr^itfdi finnnciqf} quotations unchanged. .
neglected and zeeak.
: &ihcY:;c?rWsr&iftl}M previous prices. -
rJ$?$» $£$,*•? vt'd 'Fcc4stur7s as before. ;
Potatoes jrsw and Onions iveak.
f?mitli:v$i:jfydo£ptc [supply, but dull and zvcah.
' : T^ef^:'C]iec^-cind Eggs unchanged.
to decline slowly. ' ¦ .
]&ms'i$ti?ig;Mt by heal, merchants. . .
jlMcsf3faclhid-H;Gps ditll and week.
Meat/mBr'fcctpaiids, the same.
%ktihj^iitiilsircpQrtcd active. ;. ..
jVefeasc&iCriftojiis collections.
:Becf(as<#: coinage • of the Mint.
S30 Pacific Coast ..'. 61%
Pacific Coast let prefd 83
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 61
1.025 Pacific Mail 28H
5,130 People's Gas 101*i
420 Pressed Steel Car 46
3.10 Preyed- Steel Car prefd 77&
210 Pullman Palace Car 1S2
Standard Rope & Twine 5%
54,195 Sugar 118V
100 Sugar profd 115
2,900 . Tennessee Coal & Iron 75%
570. United States Leather... 11
C30 United States Leather prefd ! 70
350 Upited Stutes Rubber 2SU
T.'lAed States Rubber prefd 95Vi
741 Western Union SO
2,540 Republic. Iron & Steel ~ 14V4
670 Republic Iron & Stoel prefd 57
P C C & St Louis 60
500 Third Avenue 113'
431.300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS
U S 2s refdg reg.,.103Vi M K & T 2ds 6S%
Do coupon 103% Do 4s, ex int 91H
Do 2s res 9»H NYC lsts 111H
Do 3s reg 109Vi N J C gen 5s .121?i
Do 3s coupon 109ft N Paciiic 3s 64%
• Do new 4s reg....l3IH Do is lo;l
Do new 4s coup..l34>* N Y C & St L 4s. .106%
Do old 4s reg HJ^ N & W con 4s 97
Do old 4s coup... 115^1 Or Xav lsts Ill
Do 5s res 113»ii Do 4s 104*4
Do 5s coup 113%|Or Short Line Cs...l2SVi
Dlst of Col 3.C3s...l22 j Do con 6s. 114\i
Atchison gen 4s. ...101 {RwidJng gen 4s 88H
Do adj 4s S4Vi!u « W lsts 99
Canada So 2ds 107 j St L & I M con 5s. 110%
Ches & Ohio 4«»s.. 99?; St L & S F gen 6s.l24
Do Cs 117% J?t Paul cons 172%
C & N con 7s 141% 1st P C & P lstsU.,120
Do S F deb 5s.. ..119 I Do 5s ..121
Chicago term 4s.... 97V>'S Pacific 4s, ex int. SIVi
Colo So 4s S7 iS Railway cs 112
D & R G lsts 10H4 1 Stand R & T 63... 71
Do 4s 93'a I Tex & Pac lsts, ex
E T V & G lsts.... 103^8 1 int "2%
Erie gen 4s 72;4|Tex & Pac 2ds 55
F W & D C lsts, 1 U Pacific 4s 106U
ex int 70\4 Wabash lsts 115^
Gen Electric 5s. ...125 Do 2de 102V4
Iowa Cent lsts. ex West Shore 4s 113H
int 111% Wis Central lsts.. 91H
K C P & G lsts.... 7Vi Va centuries 93
L & N uni 4s 994«l
MINING STOCKS.
ChoIIar lS'Ontario 7 03
Crown Porht 07JOphlr <8
Con Oil & Va .. 1 40 j Plymouth 12
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 1»
Gould & Curry 12 Do prefd 1 50
Hale & Norcross.. 19, Sierra Nevada 2t>
Homestake 55 00 Standard * 65
Iron Silver 60 Union Con J 16
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket. ' 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— jWest End 91V4
Call loans 2®3 Bonde—
Time loans 3&4 Atchison 4s 100 "
Stocks— |N r E Gas & C 5s... 65
Atch T & St Fe... 27',» Mining Shares-
Do prefd 73% ! Adventure 4
American Sugar.. ..11S% Allouez Mln Co.... 12
Do prefd 114 Amalg Copper...... S.H
Bell Telephone 300 Atlantic 23
IJoston & Albany.. 240 Boston & Mont.... COO
Boston Elevated.... 139 iiutte & Boston 63
Boston & Maine... 191V* Calumet & Hecla,
Chi B & Q 131 ex dlv 705
Dominion Coal 42H Centennial 18
Do prefd 116*4! Franklin 13U
Federal Steel 36%'Humboldt 60
Do prefd 6S?i Osceola 62
Fitchburgr prefd. ...133 :Parrot • 43
Gen Electric 135*ilQuincy 135
Mexican Central... 13 I St Fe, Copper 5
N E Gas &*Coke.. 15's'Tamarack 193
Old Colony 2>5 (Utah Mining 27
Did Dominion 17H Wlnona 3
Rubber 28'£, Wolverines 39
Union Pacific 56%l
#_ muzz •*
SUmMRX OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK, June 1.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review will say to-morrow: Speculative deal
ings have aga^n been of a restricted kind and
the public appear to develop no real interest
In the. stock market. The investment demand
for bonds and dividend-paying stocks continues
to be excellent and It Is apparent that the
floating supply of auch securities is consider
ably smaller than In recent years. The de
velopments of the week have in the main been
of a favorable character. London has reopened
to the successful outcome of the war in South
Africa and the assurances that the gold mines
of the Rand are safe in an advance in which
I American stocks have participated to a cer
tain extent. The buying of our securities for
foreign account has .not, however, been on a
sufficiently large scale to have much practical
influence upon the tone of the market here or
upon current quotations for speculative shares.
Another development Is the decline of exchange
rates to a level which puts an end to any
apprehension as to shipments of gold. Early
this week it became apparent that no further
withdrawals 'of specie either from London or
Paris would be made and the situation in this
respect has shaped itself so that the gold
outflow is over for the season. Money is be
coming decidedly easier in London and the
other foreign I financial centers, open discount
at the British capital -being down to 2?i per
cent, a drop o£ IV* per cent In a month. The
ease of money abroad with the cheerful news
from South Africa seems likely to result in
the development . of a speculative movement
In London of more than ordinary proportions,
although it must be admitted that thus far
the London etock market has taken the situa
tion quietly and docs not seem ' disposed . to
indulge In any overdrawn excitement. Another
circumstance which has had a considerable in-
Huence upon the femper of Wall street Is the
accumulating evidence that the so-called sugar
trade war is practically ended, even if there
has been no formal settlement among the re
fining interests. It has been pointed out for
Borne time that'lhe course of the capitalists in
; terested In the business was one which neces
sitated a compromise when all - parties were
thoroughly tired of their losses. It is certainly
remarkable that the American Sugar Refining
Company and the opposition refineries should
within the last few weeks have advanced prices
to a level which seejns to afford a fair profit
and the speculative public not unnaturally
draws the inference that this Is the result of
an agreement or arrangement among the
parties in Interest. While nothing can be
learned as to the facts there has been heavy
covering of shorts In Sugar stocks and an ad
vance In its price to 120. making it the most
active as well as the strongest feature of the
market. The steel stocks have been irregular
and heavy on the news that further reduc
tions in prices were scored in Western mar
kets. At the same time the liquidation in
these stocks seems to be over and in some
cases covering by a short Interest resulted in
an improvement of their market position. It
may also be said that the Tobacco stocks con
tributed the strength of the general
market because while they showed no decided
Improvement the selling in them has ceased
and the fear of competitive opposition has
diminished. .The railroad list has been strong
to steady, particular attention being paid to
Burlington, Northern Pacific common and
Atchison preferred. In the two latter cases
prospective increases in dividend rates are the
main reason for the support extended to them.
statements that ' some of the properties Just
taken by the Steel Sheet Company have been
sold back to former owners, and that Proper
ties of the Steel Hoop Company will be divid
ed likewise, but it is not at all surprising 11 »
few out of so many combinations result in tne
disappointment of some. Probably a ' owe J
quotation for Bessemer pig may be accepted
by the association in the central region ror
the latter half year, as the closing of many
works, owing" to reduced demand, may l e ,& ve
these furnaces without full employment. The
acceptance of two large contracts for export,
one for $100,000 by Southern works, is a good
sign.
Failures for the week have been 160 in the
United States against 143 last year and 21 in
Canada against 14 last year.
Pacific. 96%;' Union Pacific ' preferred, 76% ;
Northern Pacific preferred, 78*4; Grand Trunk,
714; Anaconda, S%. Bar silver, firm, 27 9-16d.
Money, 1% per cent.
prices advanced 10@12 points and trading was
very active for a time. The close was barely
steady with prices net i to 7 points lower.
Portland's Business.
¦ PORTLAND, June 1.— Exchanges, $266,522;
balances. $60,433. ;
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. June 1.— In the Portland market
there Is so little doing that it Is difficult to
nuote accurate prices. Walla Walla is gen
erally quoted at 51c. but a cent or two more
has been paid for choice stock. Valley is in
poor demand and Is nominally 51c. Jfiffififi
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June 1.— Wheat dull, little doing.
Bluestcm, 64c; club. 51c. both for export.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON June 1.— Consols. lt^tJlW**: Sil
ver 27 9-16d; French Rentes. lOlf 7»sc. Wheat
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; _W heat
W^afca^W^fwaila^^ &,!£
l^WHEAT-Firm: No, 1
KrS^-SH"?^ % *&tl
country markets, steadj-.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 29-32d.
CLOSING. •/-
LIVERPOOL. June 1.— WHEAT— Spot, steady:
No. 1 California, 6s %d®6s Id: No. 1 northern
spring. 5s 9Hd. Futures, steady; July, os 8:3d;
September. 5s 8%d.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed new.
3s 10%d. Futures, quiet; July, 3s*9?4d; Septem
ber, 2s 9?id.
THE SAa FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^ JUNE 2, 1900.
Bradstreet's Financial Reviezv.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
Bank Clearings.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Foreign Futures.
Family Retail Market.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
"• «2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time. .
' SAN : FRANCISCO. June 1—3 p. m.
.The foilowfns "maximum trmj>eratures w»re
reported ?rc-m ctatkns -n . California to-day:
¦Vre*n6 S4 iliErecf.; I/O* Anpries Tl. R<-d ISIuff 86.
Fan .Luis Ob'.spi', 74, San Diego Oi. Sa;raracnto
7*. InijT^ndehce ¦£ t . -Yusna 100. . .: :
Sa-n ' Frasicirco d*ta: Mcxinum temperature
.CO £»-ercps: mir.irpurn. r,2; mean.' Off.
weather conditions, -and general
-•-.•• ' • forecast: ¦
The/, weather Is aomeictaat cloudy al.->nc the
Immediate. <rart .aha ever the, Kocky Mountain
region; elsewhrre ln.th? v.Tjtcrn portion of the
country -clear «'catl»pr prevails.
Tn« prw.rure has fallen over the Rocky Mount
rin rfgrtcn and rtsen. along the eoBFt. A trough
of low pressure extern!* from Southern Arizona
north wacfl. over the pletfau region to Southern
I ::.!•.•.. ¦•Th» highest pressure Is reported from
the N6ith.Paeille. • • .
The temperature has fallen slightly In the
Earramento Vailpy; clsowhere tfio change* have
b«'n rfi&fct. ' - ' .
¦¦Conditic.-.s are favorable for fair weather in
California Saturday, probably with fcg alone
the ccast !n tbfc morning.
-Forecast tkad<* at Sao Francipco for thirty
bourc -ending midnight June 2. 1S*O:
S'ar Northers California— Fair Saturday, prob-
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
Dairy products remain as previously quoted
Poultry and meats axe not materially
changed from last week.
Fralts ar<s steadily growing more plentiful
ar the season advances, but prices are stm
higher than they -will be later on. Vegetables
of ail kinds are In good supply.
Coal, per ton — ~
Cannel t tQn CO Seattle $3 003
Wellington .. ©10 0) Scnthfield
New Welllnz- | Wellington «?1O CO
ten ®70 0C|Coo9 Uay ©7 CO
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, per sqr. .lVi*w; Ranch Esrgs. per
Do per roll SO^Kj dozen 170*3
Cheese. Cal lOtfi; Howy Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.'.. 17«2i>i round HQIZ
Cheese. Swiss 2<M*3.> : . Do. extracted...— «1J
Common Eggs — filJ 1
ARTICLES. 1 Open. | High. | Low. JClose.
Wheat No. 2— ....1
June 66V4 66^4 6o"£ 68
July 67>4 67% 66% 67
Corn No. 2 —
June 36% 37V& 36% 37%
July 37 37% 36?4 37%
Oats No. 2— |
June 21
July 21U 21% 21% 21%
Mess Pork, bbl—
July 11 20 11 20 - 11 00 11 Co
Lard, 11 lbs—
July 6 SO 6 SO 6 72% 6 72H
September 6 77H 6 77& 6 63 6 67&
Short Ribs, ICO lbs—
July 6 50 6 50 6 37% 6 42%
September 650 650 6 37% 6 42>*
ARTICLES. . (Receipts.! Shlpm'ts.
____^^^_ I I
Flour, barrels 12,000 E.OCO
Wheat, bushels 20.0CO 8,000
rorn, bushels 234.000 213.000
Data, bushels 431,000 315,000
Rye. bushels 5,000 6,000
Barley, bushels 24,000 4.C00
ARTICLES. 1 Open. | High. | Low. JClose.
Wheat No. 2— ....1
June 66V4 66^4 6o"£ 68
July 67>4 67% 66% 67
Corn No. 2 —
June 36% 37V& 36% 37%
July 37 37% 36?4 37%
Oats No. 2— |
June 21
July 21U 21% 21% 21%
Mess Pork, bbl—
July 11 20 11 20 - 11 00 11 Co
Lard, 11 lbs—
July 6 SO 6 SO 6 72% 6 72H
September 6 77H 6 77& 6 63 6 67&
Short Ribs, ICO lbs—
July 6 50 6 50 6 37% 6 42%
September 650 650 6 37% 6 42>*
ARTICLES. . (Receipts.! Shlpm'ts.
____^^^_ I I
Flour, barrels 12,000 E.OCO
Wheat, bushels 20.0CO 8,000
rorn, bushels 234.000 213.000
Data, bushels 431,000 315,000
Rye. bushels 5,000 6,000
Barley, bushels 24,000 4.C00
AUCTION SALES
50 HEAD OF HORSES
Welshing from 1050 to 14C0.
¦Well-matched pairs of BLACKS, B vrq.
BROWNS and CHESTNUT SORRELS
From HAQGINS' RANCH (Kern Co. Land Co)
At SALESYARD. 1733 MARKET ST.. cor. Van
Ness ave.
CHASE & MENDEN-HALt,
Successor to KILLIP & CO.
CLOSING-OUT SALE by AUCTION
33 HEAD GENTLE. WELL- BROKER
HORSES,
From S'skiyou County.
MOSPAT MORNING. June 4. i:«». at 11 Select
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 Howard St., near Third.
\ W. G. LAYNO. Aucth-verNEW YORK? June l.-The cotton market
opened steady at a decline of 2@3 points »i,fl
cased off 3«?5 potnta further, early wbles ™?
being satisfactory. From the Towlst po"nt
Nezv York Cotton Market
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 27,000; to-morrow
20.000 estimated; left over. 5000. StromV to T;
higher, closing weak: top, $5 20. MItpiI «i,£
butchers,- $5@5 20; good to choice heavy $3 10^
i$i.m?&&T c5: ught - « 95 ® 5 »?s
= n °!^- aethers. $5@5 50; fair to oho ce mixed
$4 2505; Western sneep. $5 10<S5 40- veaHin™
J5 4C«?5 90; native lambs, .I3®7: Wwt^UiSS*
$6|7 10; spring lambs, best .Ud^tSS. wTft
CHICAGO, June 1.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1S00.
Steers moderately active at steady prices.
Butchers* stock slow, a shade lower. Best on
sale to-day, five carloads Kv>sans, .at $5 20 Na
tives, good to prime steers. $4 50@5 CO: poor- to
medium, $4 40@4 SO; selected feeders. $4 25@4 S"
mixed stockers, $3 50#4 10: cows, $3® 4 25- heif'
ers. $3 15@4 65; canners. $2 10<S2 90: bulls' $2 73
@4 25: calves. $5@7; Texas fed steers '$4 50©
L 1O i J?. e ? as Brass steers - *3 75©* 40; Texas bulls
$3 10(53 GO. ¦ '...'.. : . .
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, June 1.— Porter Bros.' sales of
California i fruit: Apricots— Royal. $1 50@l 55.
single crate; Seedling, $1 25. • Peaches—Alexan
der. $1 45 box and $1 20 single crate. Plums—
Clymans; $1 50ft 1 55 single crates: Cherry. 7iVg
SGc. Cherries— Republican. $1 45@1 55; Tarta-
Tians, 50c@$l 50; Royal Anne, 60c@tl 60;" Centen
nials, 70c. Earl Fruit Co.'s sales: Apricots—
Royals, $1 35@1 60, single crates. Plums—Cly
mans. average $1 60. single crates. Peaches-
Alexander, average $1 45 box. Cherries— Royal
Annes, 60c@$l 30 box. Two cars of fruit sold'.
NEW YORK, June 1.— Earl Fruit Co.'s sales
of California fruit: Apricots — Royal, 51 35.gi 63,
single crates. Peaches— Alexander. $1 20@l 30.
Cherries— Royal Annes, SI CT>. Porter Bros.'
sales: Plums— Clymans. $1 65<&2 SO, single crate;
Cherry. $1 10@l 20. Apricots— Royal. $1 15@1 80;
Gold Dust. $1 25<i?l 65; Newcastle, 60cig$l 10;
Prlngles, 70c. Peaches^-Governor Garland, $2
box; Brlgcs" May, $1 40; Alexander. $1 15«?2 15
box and $1 30@l 6a crate. Cherries— Royal Anne,
50c<8$3 50 box; Republicans, $140<7?2 55: Tarta
rians, 35c@$l 15; Bigarreau, 25c@$l 25; other va
rieties, J0c@$l.
California Fruit Sales.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— \ July. Sept.
Opening 5 9 - 5 9
Closing 5 8T4 5 S%
PARIS.
Wheat— May. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 10 2190
Closing 20 30- 2190
Flour—
Opening 27 25 28 65
Closing :. 27 25 28 70
4f #
NEW YORK. June 1.— R. O. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade to-morrow will say:
While returns of failures ln May by branches
of business cannot be given until next week, it
can be stated that not over six months in
mere than six years have shown as large de
faulted liabilities as May will show, owing to
the fallurt 1 of a firm principally engaged In
cotton brokerage. The reported liabilities of
this one firm exceed those of all firms falling
In every menth but one last year, and In every
month but three in 1S9S. Manufacturing fail
ures ln four weeks of May were only $2,456,
643. and trading failures • $4,720,301. while fail
ures in brokerage and "other commercial"
lines amounted to $13.928,822., The decline in
cotton to 9 cents and the reduction of regular
print cloths to V/» cents at Fall River, with
outside sales at 3 cents, indicate that specula
tion in this case may have somewhat checked
business and Industry. -
The rapid progress of events in Africa, with
propects that the war will en-1 soon and the
gold supply from that region will. be resumed,
has naturally, affected business and security
markets on both sides of the ocean. Needs of
foreign borrowing may be much reduced and
hindrance to foreign Investments here ln large
measure removed. But the demands upon
American machine works and other supplies
are likely to be materially -Increased whenever
the restoration* of .industries in South Africa
begins.
The most conspicuous feature of domestic
news is the steady progress toward a lower
level of prices for the chief materials of indus
try. Without excitement and with very small
Fnl<>s. It Is believed th<» smallest ever recorded
in May at the three chief Eastern markets, ex
cept in 1S93, prices of wool have declined so
that the one hundred quotations In Coates Bro
thers' circular would average about 21.84 cents
against 24.72 at the highest point February 1,
and 18.15 a year ago. .The stagnant and hesi
tating condition of the goods market, though
not extending to the most favorite staples,
which are largely sold early ln the season, has
caused much irregularity In prices of goods of
other grades, so that some have been cleared
out , by concessions of 15 to 20 per cent from
the early quotations of the season. There is
also more complaint of ' cancellations, and on
this cccasion In cotton as well as woolen goods.
With prices adjusted to a lower range all tex
tile branches might have expected greater, ac
tivity. . ;< ¦ ¦ •¦'¦..¦.- >.C
. The change in hides has made . marked pro
gress also, the average at Chicago declining
over 3 per cent for the past week, and thus far
nhput 17 per cent from the highest point. Large
supplies' are mentioned In some grades, but the
weakness of the manufacture has been the con
trolling feature. • . '^
Orders for . bocts \ and shoes have been • re
duced , more than shipments," because many
works had orders which are not yet exhausted.
The shipments ln May have, been smaller than
In any other year since 1892. ; They were larger
by 17.4 per cent. In 1896, by 22.8 per cent In 1505
and by 27.7 per cent last year.
The decline in pigtron continues, gray I forge
reaching $18 50 at Pittsburg; No. 1 local coke
$22 at Chicago; No. 1 anthracite and Bessemer
$22 at Philadelphia: and Lehlgh No. 1 $22 here.
Only small changes have appeared during : the
week in . prices of finished products, t but these
are toward lower • figures. ". There are current
NEW YORK, June 1.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. ehows the bank clear
ings at ihe principal cities for the week ending
May 31. with the percentage of Increase and de
crease, as compared with the corresponding
week Ian vear:
Percentage.
Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York JS26.973 .... 4.6
Hoston SS.5S4.SC5 16.2
Chicago 116.121.208 14.6
Philadelphia 69.165.230
St. Louis 26,033,457 2.0 ....
PlttEburg 27,474.630 24.S ....
Baltimore 15,026,452 •¦¦• 2^-1
San Francisco 17.331.2C6 12.7 ....
Cincinnati 13,675,150 15.0
Kansas City 10,4«3,i>01 . 16.4
New Orieans 8.365,323 30.S
Minneapolis 7.9C3.C31. .... 10.2
Detroit 6,192,119 .... 9.3
Cleveland 8.908,421 15.4
Louisville 6.481.000 .... 7.3
Providence 4,552.200 11.1
Milwaukee "4.251.&43 14.0
Ft Paul 3,736,150 5.7
Buffalo 3,948,787 2.5 ....
Oiriaha 6,555,327 7.5
Indianapolis 4.S38,7Oti .... 2.9
Columbus, 0 5.3S2.C00 14.3
Savannah 2.630,808 . 49.3
Denver 3.457,S3* 33.6
Hartford 1.C34.591 13.4
Richmond 2.J93.417 17.7
Memphis 1. 568,082 15.5
Washington 2.111.0S9 8.4
Peoria 1.339.29S .... 3.1
Rochester 1, £22.445 :
New Haven 1.104,852 21.0
Worcester 808,512 .... 33.1
Atlanta 1,170.521 11.0
Salt Luke City 1.663,028 4.5
Sprinsileid. Mass 919.859 .... ' 16.5
Fort Worth 1.&07.43S SI. 7
Portland. Me 755.873 37.2
Portland, Or 1.563,214 3.9
St. Joseph 4.435,237 37.7
Los Angeles 1.600.IR9 31.6
Norfolk 1.452.MS ' 23.0
Syracuse 725.220 .... 21.7
l>es MiMnes 1.027,327 ¦ 26.9
Nashville S69.347 .... 14.7
Wilmington. Del 676.132 .... - ....
Fall River ' 676,797 .... 9.«
Scranton $.10,655 .... 1S.6
Grand Raplda 875,731 .... 5.0
Augusta. Ga 606.626 6.3
Lowell 415.793 20.6
Dayton, 0 792,631 15.4
Seattle 1,705,220 17.9 ...,
Tacoma 959.464 50.7
Spokane 811.401 .... 28.0
Sioux City 1.WS.134 54.3
New Bedford 2S2.822 J8.2
! Knoxville, Tenn 356.701 .... 5.5
Topeka EC2.80O 19.5 ....
Birmingham SS3.S24 C4.6
Wichita .; 473,473 1.2
Binghamton 266.C00 7.9
Lexington. Ky S45.C87 31.5
Jacksonville. Fla 226.600 38.6
Kalarr.azoo 332.F35 2.4
Akron 4C4.000 87. 0
Chattanooga 3S7.467 9.9 ....
Rockford.«Ill 25S.663 9.2
Canton. O.. 267,900 ....
Sprinf;fi<*ld, O I61.117 .... 2 0
Fargo, N. D 216,0»O 6.0
Sioux Falls, S. D.... 92.469 28.2
Hastings. Nebr 161.S74 33.0
Fremont. Nebr 135,840 .... 23.8
Davenport 842.204
Toledo 1.426.701 2 5
Galveston 4,45>3,0OO ....
'Macon. Ga ' 360.000 ....
Little Rock 375,242 33. S ....
Saginaw 263,105 7.1
Helena S22.797 21.6
Springfield, 111 239,605
Evansville 815,124 20.9
Youngstown 275,565 .... 23.6
Totals. U. S.......*1,333 I 1C7,OS7 .... 2.8
Totals outside of
New York ...J507.GC2.1CS .... 0.3
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $13,053,524 27 4
Toronto 9.1SS.9S0 .... jn
Winnipeg 2,301,864 25.1
Halifax 1.328,116 7.5"
Hamilton 723.858
St. John. N. B 630.S80
Vancouver. B. C 857,992 5.5
Victoria. B. C 508.147 v, 12.8
Totals $38,591,371 '..;. Tl
Nctv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, June 1.— Money on call, steady,
1%<??" per cent; last loan. 2 per cent. Prime mer
cantile paper, ZMQVA per cent. Sterling exchange,
firm, with actual business in bankers' bills at
$4 S7',i<&4 S7U for demand and at $4 81H for sixty
days; posted rates. $4 85 1 /4H4 S8H; commercial
bills, $4 83»iff4 84. Silver certificates, 60JT61C.
Bar silver, COc. Mexican Dollars, 47Hc. Gov
ernment bonds, irregular; State bonds, weak;
railroad bonds, strong.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. June 1.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of U>e $150,000,000 gold : reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $145,7S3,529; gold, $56,754,755.
London Market.
NEW YORK. June 1.— The Commercial ' Ad
vertiser's London flnanical cablegram says:
The markets here were very quiet -to-day be
fore Whitsuntide, i They were, ; however, 1 firm
though featuresless. The public Is still appar
ently .waiting for ¦ official , news of the fall of
Pretoria. London was , Inclined to realize in
Americans, but • New York equalized this ten
dency. < >
CLOSING
LONDON, June 1.— Atchison, 2554; Canadian '
CHICAGO. June 1. — When business began ln
the wheat pit the smallness of Argentine ship
ments, 954, COO bushels, was a consideration,
taken ln conjunction with the steadiness of
Liverpool. July opened %c higher at 67H@67Uc.
find while the mood was on advanced to 67\iCti
67%c. This wa« In spite of rains in the North
west. There were reports early that the rains
were not general, but the Impression grew de
spite the conflicting reports that the breaking
of the drought was accomplished. This drove
July wheat back to 66^ic. where the market
steadied, and after fluctuating drowsily above
that figure closed steady at 66%<g67c, only %c
under yesterday. Trade was quiet.
The corn market was firm on buying by some
of the old bull crowd, light receipts and a fair
cash demand. Trade was quiet. July closed
firm. HS'ic hither.
Oats were dull. July closed a shade down.
The provision market was heavy all day. Hog
receipts were heavy and the recent support
from packers was lacking. Pork closed 17Uc
under yesterday and lard 7Vi@10c lower and
ribs 7Vic depressed for the July option.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 64>4®65Uc; No.
2 red, 63@70c: No. 2 corn, 37'4fff37^c; No. 2
yellow, 37^ift37vic; No. 2 oats, 2t"*$x22e: No. 2
white. 24VJift'24%c:-No. 3 white, 23%(324?4c: No.
2 rye. 55c; good feeding barley, 36H©37c; fair to
cHolce malting. 394? 41c; No. 1 flax seed. Jl 80;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 SO;. prime timothy seed,
$2 42H: mess pork, per barrel, $10@ll 10; lard,
per 100 pounds, $6 G0@6 72>4; short ribs sides
(loose), $fl SOf-d 55; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 6H@6fic; short clear sides (boxed).
te SMiT; whisky, basis of high wines. • $123:
clover, contract grade, $7 50.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creamery. ln-glSHc: dairy.
13H@l"c; cheese, 7%@9Kc; eggs, steady, fresh,
lie.
NEW TORK, June 1.— Bradstreet's will say
to-morrow: Readjustments of price quotations
to meet the changed condition of supply and
demand are still the leading features of the
general trade. In volume the business doing
Is of a between-seasons character, improvement
ln some lines being counterbalanced by in
creased dullness in other branches. That the
basic conditions of the trade are ln the main
of a favorable nature, however, is proved by
the continued good railroad earning returns
which come to hand. The facts seem • to be
that the volume of business offered the trans
portation interests of the country continues
considerably In excess of a year ago. . Crop
reports are relatively most favorable as re
gards corn and oats. In the Southwest wheat
crop prospects are still maintained at a high
average. In the Northwest wheat has been
helped by late rains, but owing to their 1 late
arrival it is not certain how much benefit
was obtained thereby. Most prices are lower
on the week, wheat noting a fractional drop
despite unfavorable French crop advices,
whence an enormous reduction in yield Is pre
dicted and also rather blue reports from the
Northwest early in the week, attended in some
respects by the rains mentioned. Pork pro
ducts have sympathized with the downward
tendency of values, aided thereby by increased
receipts of hogs. Some further liquidation has
been noted in cotton and the price has sunk
to 9c. In textiles the situation is rather de
pressed, although some improvement ln re
orders for dry goods is noted at leading Job
bing centers. Print cloths have been marked
down by the Fall River committee, but this
is a tardy recognition of hitherto known facts.
Manufacturers of woolen goods are out of the
market for raw wool and the outlook at pres
ent favors the lightweight woolens upon open-
Ing at lower values. Boots and shoes are dull
and a number of Eastern factories are short
of orders. The hand-to-mouth domestic de
mand for iron and steel continues, but the
number of small orders received Is taken to
indicate that consumers are practically bare
of stocks and any general shut-down for a
month's time, such as is supposed, might lead
to a scramble for supplies. Export business
continues good, though limited by the scarcity
of freight room. Southern pig iron and steel
rails not'nt; mest Inquiry. The situation in
the pipe market Is no better and plates are
also weaker. Concessions of fractions of a
dollar are apparently easily obtained for pig
Iron, but throughout the trade the feeling is
rather more cheerful, the feeling being that
lower prices will on the one hand encourage
consumptive demand and on the other hand
tend to restrict production by less economical
plants. * The settlement of the wage situation
this year might also be a possible source of
restriction of prdductlon.
Wheat. Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 4.533.140 bushels, against 3.63S,
86S bushels last week. 3.596,065 bushels In the
corresponding week of 1899, 5.21S.0S6 bushels in
1S9S, 2.620,083 bushels in 1897 and 3.309.S65 bushels
in 1S96. Since/July 1, this season, the exports
of wheat aggregate 1S2.916.596 bushels, against
217,065,374 bushels last year, and 216,145,055
bushels ln 1S97-98.
Business failures for the week In the United
States number 133, as compared with 167 last
week, 129 in this week a year ago, 173 In 1S98,
lft« In 1S97 and 235 ln 1S96. . •
Business failures ln the Dominion of Canada
for the week number 21. as compared with 17
last week. IK ln this week a year ago. 21 in
1S9S, 37 ln 1S97 and 29 In 1S96.
Chicago Grain Market.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
NEW YORK. June 1.— The stock market de
veloped an activity and strength to-day which
have been foreign to it for many weeks cast.
The dealings were to a large extent concen
trated in a limited number of stocks, but there
was nevertheless a broadening of the market
and erer.eral gains throughout, even In the less
active stocks. The Industrials and specialties
were emphatically relegated to the background
and with the exception of Sugar and the To
baccos there were no notable points of strength
or features of activity in that department.
It was a movement of railroad stocks decidedly
and the advance was made in the face of a
number of incidents which would have been
quickly seized upon by the bears in the lately
¦prevailing temper of speculation to force down
prices. To-day, on the contrary, the outstand
ing shorts were eager to cover their contracts,
and when they sought to secure stocks they
found a very limited amount offered, and the
resulting rise In prices was rapid and sharp.
It was reported in Wall street that a large
short account, amounting to over 20,000 shares
of various stocks, was being closed out pre
liminary to a European tour. The buying of
some individual stocks was attributed to opera
tions by a pool. The opening of the market
disclosed a mood of depression over the dis
appointing effect o( the war news on foreign
markets. Lundon sold about as many stocks in
this market as were bought for that account
yesterday and draRged prices below last nighrs
level. The steel stocks, after fractional ad
vances, turned heavy on the news of closing
down of additional mills and offered no sup
port to the market for the rest of the day.
Sugar hung below last night's prices all day..
In fact, the strength in the Tobacco stocks
was the only notable element of strength in
the industrial departments. A number of re
ports for April showed gains in the gross earn
ings, more than v.-ir>ed out by increased operat
ing expenses. But these reports were I Ignored
and caused no check to the upward tendency
In the railroad list. This found its Inception
In the grander group and spread to Union Pa
cific, the Atchisons and Missouri Pacirtc. It
was attributed to the favorable crop weather
prevailing In the West. Later In the day the
trunk lines came into prominence, led by Balti
more and Ohio, the common rising 4 and the
rreferred £U. The market closed active ana
strong at the bert.
There was a good absorption of railroad bonds
at advancing prices. Total sales, par valutr,
$1.4??. OCX
United States refunding 2's, when issued, de
clined ' t and old 4's advanced \i in the bid
price.
Fhares Closing
?o!d. Stock?— Bid.
13.410" Atchison 27V4
3,1*7 Atchison prefd 73^
12,835 Balumore & Ohio 8%
100 Caniidian Pacific 94^
4J» Canada Southern 53
2.020 Chetai-eake & Ohio 2S»i
1.700 Chicago Great Western 12^,
TS.'jSj Chicago Burlington &. Quincy 131
Chicago Ind & Louisville 22
100 Chicago Ind & I/aulsville prefd 53
Chicago t 'Eastern Illinois 99
l.no Chicago & Northwestern 167
&.3M Chicago Hock Island & Pacific lOSVg
1,01)0 CC.C4SI Louis 60H
Colorado Southern 6
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16Vi
Delaware & Hudson 113
450 Delaware Lackawanna &. Western.. ITS'i
Denver & Rio Grande 19»«
200 Denver *c Ulo Grande prefd.... £9%
400 Erie '. 12
L165 Erie 1st prefd SS
1.S20 Great Northern prefd 157',j
Hocking Coal 14
100 Hocking Valley 3S«i
245 Illinois Central 114
COO Iowa Central 1SH
Iowa Central prefd 4S
Kansas City l'ittsburg & Gulf 184
735 Lake Erie & Western 7S3*
I.ak« Erie & Western prefd....' 91'i
Lake Shore 215
4.050 Louisville & Nashville S1H
5,0:0 Manhattan L '. -91%
2.CO0 Metropolitan Street Railway 158
300 Mexican Central 13'.4
Minn & Pt Louis .' 63'4
160 Minn & St Louis prefd 96V*
13.070 Missouri Pacific 661a
1C0 Mobile & Ohio 39<i
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas lO^z
105 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 34
200 New Jersey Cenrtal 119
S.S93 New York Central 133-i,
4,140 Norfolk & Western 36^i ;
Norfolk & Western prefd 7S^~ i
&.IO0 Northern Pacific Cl'i ¦
1,200 Northeni Pacific prerd 76»i
3,700 Ontario & Western 21"*
Oregon Hallway and Nav 42
Orf-Kon Kailway & Nav prefd 76
1C.45T, Pennsylvania 132%
l.yW Heading n : §
S.04J Readins let pr.?fd ts%
3.000 Kf-adim: 2d prtfd 23^
Itln Orande Western 551/. I
100 lllo Grande Western prefd £714
200 St Louis & San Fran lofc,
St Louis & San Fran Jst prefd 69
1.470 Ft Louia A ISan Fran 2d prefd 34*4
St LouIr Southwestern 11(4
3.000 Kt Louis Southwestern prefd 2S
22.4M Bt P.-.ul ..119'i
fit Paul prefd.... ....1731/.
St Paul & Omaha 11;'"
13,700 Southern Pacific 3514
1.C45 Southern Railway : 1*%
4.140 Southern Railway prefd 55%
SCO Texas & Pacific iqtT
S3.000 Vnlcn l'aclftc .• 5GU
7/SO Vnion Pacific prefd * 75J4
2-.0 Wabarh jiu
1.400 AVab.ish prefd 21*.
2.4D0 V>hefling & Lake Erie 91/.
1,&CO Whre'lnj; Ar Lake Erie 2d prefd 27 "
200 , Wisconsin Central 16
Express Comiianlcs —
Adams 113
• American 117
United States .• 45
........ Wells Farso 113
Miscellaneous —
300 American Cotton Oil -33
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 90
2W .American Malting 314
American -Malting, prefd 20Vi
2.0C0 American Smelting & Uefng 38»i
2S0 American Smelting & Hefng prefd.. 89>4
American Spirits pA
American Spirit* prefd 17'
2,070 American Fteel Hoop 23^4
500 American Steel Hoop prefd "'
11.54". American Ftecl & Wire... ' z$tl
¦ 1.675 American Steel & Wire prefd 77
450 American Tin Plate 23'.4
.-. American Tin Plate prefd.... 74'
1.97" American Tobacco my
.: American Tobacco prefd..- "123
500 AnaccnJa Mining Co '" 4*7
11.735 Brooklyn Rapid Transit.. .. 72*?
300 Colorado Fuel & Iron 37*!
12.000 Continental Tobacco 26^4
t, 719 Continental Tobacco prefd jiu
32,000. Federal Suel 3c»t
' 175 Federal Steel prefd csil
1.150 General Electric ........135
1.71 1 ) Glutofe Sugar 49a'
.. — Glucoye Sugar prefd 5191'
210 Internationa! Paper 2J>4
C20 International Paper prefd ay.
Laclede Gan 7.3%'
SO0 National -Biscuit ...'.'..;":;.... 29«
2^9 National DIecuit prefd 79u
2C0 National Lead 20
National Lead prefd 97U
l.S.'O National Steel 2914
7£3 National Steel prefd «
New York Air Brake..... 127
750 North American 14ft
EASTERN MARKETS.
Charters:
CT/ie Gralilee ioai3s.rherrhar,dise for Tahiti;
Roi<-ricV:bbu.', merrtjanOise for -Ililo.
•¦¦Tile Inciti;.- rl-rruis lumlxr at Port Blakcley
tot the.' West"; dJost; Wraiur, wheat at Port
land'fo.r -Eurcpe, %S? Sd^prior to arrival.
.• :£x0rts : to' : JJazi.'aiian Islands.
.; The . bark pij'ir.rl|f cleared yesterday for
Honolula :Vith' -a .larre carsro of general mer
¦¦.rhandiFe, wh!?h 'jTif'ludPd the. following: 132S
tiaicp ha>% 32^ ftls corn. 155, J45 It>s cracked corn.
,£M ctU'vtuate barieV; C2.701 rbs rolled barley. 4RS
=ct!f rvd liariey. 1H2- cl'.B GatF, 43 cs jwilnt. T4 ;k^s
IuwIkt, *0 cr fire brick. ISfcO sks bran. 12 l^ils
¦rife, .lj»-j;frpe hardware. 4 cr- cry uroods, 50
,'crste's bif ycles," 115 bbls 16 cs oil, 56 rolls paper,
'¦454. r'kgs mill work. 49 carboys acid. 5 bbls
putty. 54 pkgE machinery. 300 cs coal oil. IS
.jjkfrs Biddlerj-, 7iS' V-i* bread, 2S rkgs building
n-.aterial. 1Z6 cs canned salmon. 73 pkg:s house
hold gioils. 4^6 rkce tank .material. 263 ca soap,
29 bales meal. 00 cs millytulT*. ©•<; Kis stnrrh,
S00 lidls Rhooks, 711 bb!s flour. S cs turpentine.
10 c? soda ash. 2CC5 Tbs soda, 15 Mis brooms,
W<2 gals 217 cf Vine, 17 pkjrs agricultural im-
I«!enients. 3i<C cs canned goods. W) bbls vinegar,
100 pka middling.*. SD <-tls wte»t."S00 rbs tobacco.
£.3"J1 rbs lard. 30 cs whisky. iC bbls 10 kts sal
mon, 44 cs j.alnt, 20 bbla tar. 3 cs varnish.
Mining Subplies jor Gipj Town,
The British ship Lord Templetown sailed
Tuopdaj- for Cape Town. Ala Seattle, with a
large cargo of mining eujipli*-?. 71 bWs= asphal
tum, 30 cs canned Goods and 31^.022 feet of lum
bt-r. The total value of the cargo was $1S,7CS.
Additional Cargo.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
Australia, which sailed for Honolulu Wednes
day, carried 14 cs dry g-vjds. E0 bdls paper,
C!'i0 IT'S Amorican rice and 34 cs hats.
Merchandise for J'ictoria.
The steamer City cf Pu^bla. which Failed for
Tlctpria ThursJay. carried a carso which in
cluded the folJowinic:
For Vancouver — ©"""'.pals wine. 23 k<"gs pickles.
C7 rolls, wire goods, 10 cs mllistuffs, 10 bxs
dried fruit.' 5 ¦ cs canned, vegetable?. 5 bbls
rtsin ioll,'-'20 cs paint,; 25 kits mackerel, 4^ lbs
butter, i fks. nuts, 10 cs axle prease, 2S3 lbs
ccflee, -IS Bxs metallic drj", 6 cs bicarb soda.
i« mpOdUt insulated wire. 310 bxs fruit. 325 ?ks
onion*; Z2> cr vecetables and 4W s=ks salt.
•' For Victoria— 3 US tbs tobacco, 5 os ammunl
tloh.. •? .bfcl)B lubricatins: oil. 6 bbls bluestone,
* Mis. Iron wire', 15(!-bxs Edgren tin plates,
3',.4>'7 r;s butter.. 21C0. Ibf. clieese. ."0 cs dried
<ru'it. .t ct canned oystprs. 2^.540 It>s malt, lu
Hia<3:pteel dfey. -10 • Hind ste<X sh'K-s, H3 cr
vegetable*. • 67o bis ¦ fruit.
Merchandise JGr Japan and China.
..The British. -Eteimer; Alffoa cleared yesterday
ftjr.. "HoKgkonir a-rid;- jYck&hama .lyith a cargo
vatued as follaw5j- jlonpkorig, J21.112; Japan,
j H; 4-107 Ct'j Ma.n41a;- I'M'; total, tl43',iN9 60. :
Fpr : : 'HohgkqnK.-i-2S5Q ¦ rts dried .fish and C500
c-s canned .ipestK ' ¦ . ' ':,-.•¦; '-:
-'¦ Fi r- Jajran^-43 .<-s caTcium. 120 -sks potatoes,
Sr..-.;3Cl.raiBwhr*ky.- 4>.641 pals alcohol. 74 pkgs
maobirifry. . 2 : 1,'bls Blue, 3i<l Ttis soda. H7 or
liiovcles." '•^Tfjfr kegs, nails, 1« kegs bolts, . 1S1<>
b/JJ^wjre. E)iortf.:.302 l>d!s Epiice?, ; 3013 prs rail
t;'.i'i • fratfrial. . ; . .
• l-'ct . llatifia— tOP. Jtf carbide.
Customs Collections.
• : .Local crs.toms. collections in May were $543,
?«'»; : acaini-t CBS^tW In May, 1K9. and fcr the
ifirj:t five iiSoRths of the jear J3,Cv7,i4S, against
•J2.,?«,OO6 3a*t year, ' '
, ¦[}¦'/' Coinage of the Mint.
' ."pie. coinage .-cf; the local Mint for the first
¦ eleven' months of the fiscal year amounts ta
ST>O.C17,'9Tj,' againet. SC0.4C4.2C1 for the same time
last' .year, the- 4epcripti<ins belnt? as follows:
¦Ltouble eap-i. s. tS7.2:i.0f«J;'eagleF. tS.70."i.Oi/i; half
*8ri«-s. $t4T0-,f)0 l J;-do31ar8, $546,000; half-dollars,
rLMBUSTj -tjuarter-dollars, 1082.678; dimes. tZZZ,
vv.- ':¦¦.
Produce Exchange Sales.
Call Board sales for May
.'¦'.'¦ ' ¦ Tons.
.V.'.tirsrt : ....-• ;...... SS.500
; Barley? .:• ....:.. ll.&oo
".Total' ..'.: ...'. : 11C.400
• Total sales frqm July 1, ISO?, to June 1:
•.¦.•• - - -' Tons.
V/beat ,.1 1 ; 1,842,800
Barley '. »,....» 1E0.S00
Total .-... : 1, 493, 700 ;
Apples' and Prunes.
¦ ilJui. advices frorc S'ew York say: "The
dried, fru-it market wai« more active yesterday,
'life being imparted to it by the picking up of
the deirsar.d for : appl**s. largely tor export pur
]ks-s. • Several ral<*» of prime apples were re
corded- at -5\c snd-of etriotly choice at 6 T 4c.
;i'rrne4 are unchanged. Pel"? in vzr.a'A lots
.of tlveUacper siios sre teini? made right along
.to '.chlx-rs in all parts of the country. The
Ftnaller s-izes of r'unes have practically dis
apjieare'J frcm the market, and many ord»rs
for tnem-are bfir.jr received, which it is prac-
Ircally imr»L«- 3 Ib!e 10 fill."
The Lumber Trade.
Pacific CcaFt' Wood and Iron for June says:
"The mountain -mills ai* enjoying a heavy and
profitable early 5"»p?ion' f,n& 1~X) promises to
irfve >ven - «rrealer returns .than did the
yea"r .15^7: Th'c. cpwners are improving ;h.»ir
I">tentf;and lr.rreaslne the qutputs of their ftv
itral mills •> «s to keep up with fh^ orders for
li-ral. **(f ¦¦'¦?f«* prtC Eastern RbipznentA.
/•The -pine and .Fj>ruce mills 'or the Pccific
~\.orthvvf ft are overcrowded with demands anil
the ni'.Hs "are rozfelng Say arijl night to nil
tl:rir (or-riyn and -doro«>Uc calls. Vessels aro
Ffinr .a' r.d- coming with a ruot encouraging
frequency.' ort'l the- Pound and Columbia River
•are active' beyond any idea of the California
nilil-t**»"n<*r. ;
"Shingles are Eastward with araaz
lrj| razsdtty and the redwood prooact is rarry-
Ing.ali' liefore it -Jir.der "he ab> advortlslr.-j
air-ri !:andlin'R from ihe southern yart of Cail
forirla." J*rfcev. held well and Eoir.i? from a
»>l'ng!« p-.'ir.t of shipment ¦ there Is little danger
or an pvcr-sur-ply. : lowering the existing con
eutcn bl o'Jotctlomt'l_
Weather Report:
ably with fcg along the ccast ln the morning;
frei-h west wipd.
For Southern California— Fair Saturday; fresh
wet-t wlnO.
F'<r Nevada— Fair Saturday.
For Utab— Partly cloudy Saturday.
For Arizona— Fair Saturday. .
Fc-r San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Satur
day, probably with fog in the morning; fresh
west wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Continued on Fajro Thirteen.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 Su»;
Sterling Exchange, sight ;. — ¦ 4 %S\
Sterling Cables — 4 89H
New Tork Exchange, sight — . 12Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphic — • 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60
Mexican Dollars 4S4 *3
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool stood about the same.
Paris was lower.
Chicago opened firmer on better cables, light
Argentine shipments and Insufficient rains in
the Northwest, but subsequently weakened oft.
The local market was neglected at previous
prices.
Spot Wheat— Shipping:, 9C@91Ke; milling:, 93%
essuc
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'cklock — 10OO ctls, 1 99c;
18,000, 99» 8 C.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 6000 ctls. 99^ic.
BARLEY— There is no demand worth talking
about and the tendency ln prices Is downward.
Feed, 67V4@70c for No. 1 and 62y-«S 1 65c for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades. 75®S0c;
Chevalier, nominal. ."' . *¦¦ ¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— There is nothing going on.
White,. $1 10@l 30; Red. Jlgl a); Gray, Jl 07J4
Q\ 15: Black. $1®1 07U per ctl.
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, $1 10<gl 13 per
ctl: Eastern White, 97»icS$l per ctl; Mixed.
'ryE-SS^THc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60g3 73.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 25S3 per barrel. . ;
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. }2 75 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 73: Rye
Meal. $2.50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $3 23@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. J404 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 25;
Farina. $4 CO; Whole Wheat Flour, $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6>37 23; In sacks, C 75®";' Pearl
Barley, $3; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas. $5 50 per
ICO lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Everything stands as before.
BRAN— S12 50@13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17<g20 r»er ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, J13@16 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27: Jobbing.
$27 DO© 28; Cocoanut Cake, S20g21; Corn Meal,
$25: Cracked Corn. $25 50; Mixed Feed, $15 50.
HAY— Wheat. $7@9 for common to good. $9 50
@10 for choice; Wheat and Oat, *7 5<X&9 50; Oat.
$6(ff<5: Barley. $5@7; Alfalfa, $5<S7 50 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, $4 50<g6; Wheat.
J6@7 per ton.
STRAW-25(g37«ic per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
BEANS-Bayos, $3@3 20; small Vhlte, $3 233
3 43; large White. $3 10@3 20; Pink. J2 30@2 90;
Red. $2 50©3; Blackeye. $3 50®4; Eutters,
nominal; Lima. $5 25g5 20; Pea. $3 40@3 50; Red
Kidneys. $4@4 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary. 3Hc
per !b for California and 4c for Eastern; Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 2V5@3c: Hemp. 4#4V4c;
Timothy. 4S4HC.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 90®2 25; Green, $1 90
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Old Potatoes are firm and new are steady.
Onlcns continue weak. Supplies of Vegetables
are large and increasing.
POTATOES— Oregon Burbanks,* 75<#S5c; New
Potatoes. 50@S3c in sacks and 35c@$l ln boxes.
ONIONS— New Red, 75®S3c per ctl; Austra
lian. $3fi3 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 12*i<J 20<j per doz;
Rhubarb, 50c<g$l 25 per box; Asparagus, 50c®$l
per box for No. 2 and $1 25'pl o» tor No. 1 and
$1 7o<@2 25 for fancy large; Green Peas, .73<SS5c
per sack for common and $1SJ1 23 for Garden-
String Beans, 3@4^4c; Refugees, 5@6c; Wax
Beans. 4ffoc; Cabbage. 40@5Oc; Tomatoes 25<a
75c;. Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 4@6c; Dried
Okra. 32',ic per lb; Green Peppers from Los An
geles, SiglOc; Dried Peppers, S^lOc; Carrots, 25K
35c per sark; Summer Squash. SC«?J73c per box
for Vacaville and $l@l 23 for Alameda; Cucum
bers. $2Q2 50 for Alameda and $1'5'1 25 per bbx
fcr Marysvllle; new Garlic, 3® 4c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
In spite of the small arrivals of only two cars
from the East this week the market is dull and
lower for some descriptions, receipts of local
stock having been larger during the past day
or so.' ' • •
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gob
blers and ll<ij!12Hc for Hens; Geese, per Dalr
$1 25<?1 50; Goslings, $1 25@1 50: Ducks. $4«5
for old and $5®6 for young; Hens, $l®5;
Young Roosters. $5@6; Old Roosters $3 ZOfiA-
Fryers.' $4 £0; Broilers, J3f4 tor large and $2®
2 50 for email; Pigeons. $1 3C@1 75 per dozen for
old and $1 50@l 75 for squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Some dealers report rather more steadiness
In Eggs at unchanged prices. Cheese has ruled
firm for some little time. Butter Is ln sood
supply and unchanged. ' . l ~ .
BUTTER— • ;
,c£ l :t alIlery ~ Fancy Creamery. 17#lSc; second*
6^ 1 C ° Od . t ° ch^«.."«
«,, CH1 i ESE ~ New ' "4@SHc: Young America. 9a
'^/H? 8^™- 16017c - Western. 15@l6c per 1U
EGGS-Quoted at 13#14c for store' and USiSc
per dozen for ranch. *-«i»i.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Cherries are coming In small and poor as" a
rul» and the market is beginning to drag.
Peaches. Apricots and berries being preferred.
The tendency in berries of all kinds except
Strawberries Is now downward, receipts being
55 ri Curr ™ ts ar * a'so in larger supply.
Supplies of Apricots. Peaches. Pears Plums
ana Apples are steadily growing lartrer and
quotations are declining to correspond 5
«?t \£ r^° f , Or ?P5 es was auctioned aa follows:
St - Michaels. $2 73@3; seedlings. 40c@$l 75. '
Limes F brought U P 45S cases °t Mexican
DF.e'inTJOUS FRUITS—
4fVff~ RI / COT^~ 35 i 950c r box for Prinsl»s and
fo^ Royals: ln baskets. 40c.
'»*rJ n PLES — Green Apples. 30®50c per box" and
-OS.Oc per basket and es®75c for Red Astra
ch<»n», large boxes.
"EARS— Madeline, in large boxes. 65c: la
Em 3 a T 'r-,?? 01 !^ 30 ® 400 P er k 0 *'- la baskets. 2C310c.
_.f LLiMS — Clymans, 50c@$l per box and crate; j
Cherry Plums. 35c for drawers and 50= for
bcxes.
STRAWBERRIES— $4^3 per chest for large \
and $7©10 for- small berries.
GOOSEBERRIES— 2H«?3Uc per lb for com
mon and per lb for English.
RASPBERRIES— $3<§S per chest;- Newcastle. |
J.1 per crate. .
BLACKBERRIES — $S<??9 per chest; from i
Fresno. 60®75c. • and from Newcastle. SOc per |
crate. .
LOGAN BERRIES— $ Iff 6 per chest.
CURRANTS— J2 5(XJ?4 per chest.
FIGS-From Arizona. $1 per box.
PEACHES— 60c@$l 25 per box and CT350C per
basket. '
CHERRIES— 3O@i0c per box for black: Royal ;
Anne. 40«J6Sc. In bulk. 2<f?4e for black and |
2@3%c per 1b for white and 4®6c for Royal
Anne. Receipts were 4600 boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. BWP»
per box; Seedlings. $1®1 73: VaIen , cl^rS .„;
Lemons. $101 50 for "common and £»'. i>0 t *° r
good to choice: Mexican Limes. $43*. Ba-
nanas, $2@3 per bunch; Pineapples. $3 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes. !n sacks. 4g4'ia
for 40-50'». 3^«3%c for 50-60's. 3V»«3Hc fcr
60-70's, ZQV^c for 70-S0 # s.. 2"«©3c for S3-S0' 3
and 2%§2 a ic for 90-100's; Apricots, 9?l)c f- P
Royals and 10©llc for Moorparks; Peac.Vs.
«Vs34*ic for Standards. 5c for choice and 5Vj>
«c lor fancy. Peeled Peaches. 10®12Hc: Evapo
rated Apples. 5^iS6c; sun-dried. 3S4c per lb:
Pears. 3H'84V4c for dark and 7@3o for bright
halves; Black Figs, I^ii2c; White Figs. 2£3c;
Bleached Plums. 7V4c: Unbleached Plums, <o
for Bitted and lHc for uncltted.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy. p»
lb 10c: choice. 9c; standard. 8c: prime. 6c;
unbleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, 8Hc: choice. "Uc; standard, 64c;
prime. 6c; unbleached Sultanas, oc; Seedless,
50-1 b boxes. 5c: 2-crown, loose Muscatels, h^c:
3-crown. «><ic; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers. 2
croWn $1 £0 P«r box; 3-crown. $1 69. Fancy
Ousters. $2; Dehesa. $2 SO; Imperial. $3. AH
pricen are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts. SQlc for Standards and 99
10c for softshells; Almonds, ll»4S12c for paper
shell 9©10c for soft and 435e for hardshell:
Peanuts. 5»4©6%c for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia: Brazil Nuts, TH'frSc; Filberts, IZ-SU^c;
Pecans. HS13c: Cocoanuts, 14 50^5.
HONEY-Comb. UH@12c for bright and 104®
lie for light amber: water white extracted.
7 1 i*l7Hc: light amber extracted. 6^©«\c; dark.
5 'lJE^SWAX-24'g26c per lb.
Provisions.
Hams are beine cut by the local Importer*
and the market rules dull and weak. Other de
scriptions are steady but neglected.
CURED MEATS— Baccn, lie per lb fcr heavy,
lie for light medium, 12c for light. 13c for ex
tra light and HHc for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13@13^c: Mesa Beef. $12 per
bbl- extra Mess. $13: Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork $14 50^15: extra clear. $19; Mess, $14 50;
Smoked Beef, 12^-5130 per lb. - ! '-'
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7®Sc per lb for com
pound and S'iSSc for pure: half-barrels, pure.
S',4c: 10-lb tins. 9*ic: 5-lb tins. 10Hc
COTTOLENE— Tierces. per lb: hair
barrels, 8?iS874c; xo-ib tins. 9V*c
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides continue weak and dull, though no fur
ther decline is noted. Wool and liops are In
active and nominal. ¦>".'
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10c: medium. 9-59HC: light. 9tW4c:
Cowhides. 9S3%c: Stag's. 7c; Salted Kip. 9c:
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, sound. ISc; culls and
brands. 15c; Dry Kip and Veal. 15c: Dry
Calf. ISc: Sheepskins. Shearlings. 2C«33s
each; short Wool. 35$C0c each: medium. 71S90c:
long Wool. $1@1 30 each; Horse Hides. $Sy2 50
for large anrl 73cS$l 50 for small; Colts. 23<a
SOc. Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 37Vic; fall
or medium gkin», 32^c; winter or thin skins.
20c. Gcat«kin&-Prime Angoras, 7ic; large and
smooth. 5fic; medium. 33c.
TALLOW_No. 1 rendered. 5c per lb; No. 2.
4g4«-,c refined. 6c: grease. 2V;'a3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is' quotable as follows:
Northern free, 13 1 -i'S17c; Northern defective. . 13
@15c; Middle County, free, Iifil7c: Middle
County, defective. 13til3c; Southern Mountain.
12 months', 12til3c: Southern Mountain, free,
"months'. 11^13c: Southern Mountain, defec
tive. 7 roomhs'. 1iWi12c: Humboleit and Mendo
cino 20S21c; Nevada, 14ftl7c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at egllc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The feeling Is rather steady all along th«
line, supplies not' beinj; excessive. Prices staad
the same.
BEEF— 3U»g8iic per lb' for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 8@9c; small. 9S9Vjc per lb.
MCTTON-Wethers, tUfjgtGl ewes. &36VaC per
LAMB-Soring. S^-gSc; yearlings. 7%-gSc per
lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5»igo!ic for small and
medium and 5H<g5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 5*4 ffoHc; dressed Hogs. 7®S$3C
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $". 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6\»c: Wool Bags. 2S>s@32Hc;
Kle«ce Twine. 7V»c. . -
COAL— Wellington. JS per ton; new "Welling
ton, J3; SouthfiWd Wellington. • $S; Seattle. JS;
Bryant, J6: Ccos Bay. J3; Wallsend, *3; Co
operative Wallsend, J3; Cumberland. $12 la
bulk and $13 23 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Kgg. $14: Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $ld
per ton in bulk and $13 in sacks; Castle Gata
and Rock Springs. • JS 43 per 2000 lbs.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been five arrival of coal from
Washington. li>.0iO tons; three from British Co
lumbia. 11.650; two from Oregon. 1125; on* from
Cardiff. 23s:*; total. 31,414 tons. This is the first
arrival of Cardiff coal this year, demonstrating
that this grade is no longer a necessity. Its
high cost prohibits consumption, except for
specific uses, such as trial trips of steamers.
etc.; for which purpose a small quantity id
generally kept In yard. Our arrivals this week
are sufneient for our immediate requirements,
still the quantity of fuel in yard is prescribed;
In fact, 4t seems Impossible to accumulate tha
usual amount for contingencies. Prices remala
unchanged for the coast products, not having
varied 5 per cent either way this year. There
Is an occasional variance In foreisn grades
when a spasmodic demand springs up. When
this ia satisfied valuations decline to former
figures. ' Under present conditions ia former
years Australian would b« larsely contracted
for. but at prices materially lower than now
prevail. Freights command the situation and
we must submit to the Inevitable. Carriers are
walking off with the profits, leaving producers
of coal and grain in the lurch. Producers were
equally as merciless when the position war
ranted a few years ago. Now shipowners ara
havlnsr their lnnlnsrs."
RICE— China mixed. $4?T4 03; China N'a 1.
$4 25@4 70; extra do. $5S5 ;¦>: Hawaiian, $3®
5 25; Japan; J4 73<S5; Louisiana. $4 50^7.
SUGAR— The Western Susar Reflnins Com
pany quotes, per. lb. in l<X)-lb bags: Cubes,
A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5. .0c: Powdered.
5.30c; Candy Granulated. 3.30c: I>ry Granulated.
5.20c; Confectioners* A. 5.20c: Magnolia A. 4.$0c;
Extra C 4.70c: Golden C. 4.Wc: barrels. 100
more: half-barre!s. 23c more: fccxes aOc more;
DO-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for lew
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos.
half-barrels. S.SSc: boxe«. * .»* per lb.
Receipts frcm the Islands ia May were 4G1.
437 ba«s. '___ .
FOR FTUDAT. JUNE L
Receipts of Produce.
in™,- nr qlca ..15. 4.'2 ! Bran, sks 1T10
Wheat ctls ..... 5. K>e Middlings., ska .... 540
Barfev ct Is . .... 2.1W Pelts. bdl 3 2*7
Oati ctis — •• 290 1 Hides. No 7M
r»,,r»o»- rt'« .... oil Mraw. tons 25
Cbe'4 ' cti" '.'• — 24" Wool, bags 1S4
Tallow ctN »*» Ejtks. dozen 22.470
Powder' car 1 Quicksilver, flasks l~
curar =k? 3.235! Leather, rolls isa
Onfoni sk« USilWUwt, gallons 30.5M
Polices sk 3 2.:.73.Llme. bbls 6S1
: :- OREGON.
.<«¦•«¦¦ po^s-.
Potatoes (Australia). Onions (Australia),
Wool (Tahiti); bales 4
The Giant Powder Company has declared
dividend No. IS of 73 cents a share.
NEW" YORK, June L— FLOUR— Receipts.
14,445 barrels; exports. 13,033. Quiet and un
changed. - > .-.» ; -:<
. WHEAT— Receipts. 42,100 bushels; exports.
107,730. Spot, steady;. No. 2 red, S2%c f. o. to
afloat spot nominal; No. 2. 72%c elevator; No.
1 Northern Duluth, 75c f. o. b. afloat prompt;
No. 1 hard Duluth, 77V*e f. o. b. afloat to ar
rive. Options firm on favorable English cables.
Following this came a sharp decline under
Northwest selling, which gave way finally to
renewed strength on a bullish Modern Miller
crop report and general covering. Closed
steady and unchanged. July. 72^372^0. closed
72Vtc: September. 73^@72»jc. closed ,73%c.
HOPS-Steady. \
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL-Qulet. . , v>
COFFEE— Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 Invoice, 8^c;.
mild, market, steady; Cordova. DU^lSWc. Fu
tures closed steady, 10@20 points net higher.
Total sales, 33.500 bags. Including: June, to 9oQ
7 15; July, 7@"7 15; August, $7 20; September.
J7 10^7 25; October, J7 15@7 30; November, $7 13
20*; December. $7 35(S7 50; January. V 50;
February, V 05; March, $7 50.
KLt-JAK — Kaw, stronger: fair refining, 4 ll-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 4 9- 16c; molasses sugar.
3%c; refined, firm; No. C, 5.10c; No. 7, 5.05c:
No. 8, 3c; No. 9, 4.93c; No. 10, 4.90c: No. 11.
4.83c; No. 12. 4.80c; No. 13, 4.S0c: No. 14. 4.80c:
standard A, 5.40c; confectioners' A. 5.40c; mold
A, 5.85c; cut loaf, 6c; crushed, 6c; powdered,
3.70c; eranulated, 5.60c; cubes, 5.73c.
BUTTER — Receipts. 8433 packages. Barely
steady; Western. lShi'SiO^ic: factory. H@16c.
EGGS— Receipts, 13.523 packages. Quiet and
steady; Western, loss off, 12 1 i l @13c; Western,
at mark. IO^IjII^c.
DRIED FRUITS.
There was little activity in the market for
evaporated apples. Buyers are holding off fcr
concessions, but prices remain unchanged.
California dried fruits ruled dull and feature
less
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4H©6c; prime. 5%@6c; choice. 6%(<t~c: fancy.
7Hf«*c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-3» / 4<g7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 12«4®14c; Moorpark. 15@
ISc.
PEACHES— Peeled. 16^20c; unpeeled. 6©9c.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. June 1.— Except for another ad
vance of Tin there was nothing in the way of
new features to the local market for metals.
This advance was due chiefly to a correspond
ing rise in London, owing to an unexpected
demand from exporters and the slight falling oft
in receipts. The close, however, was quiet at
best, with t30 being the nominal basis. Pig
warrants were weak and unsettled. Lake Cop
per continues dull and unchanged on the basis
of J16 75. Lead ruled dull at $3 97%@4 02V4-
Spelter was easy at $4 45@4 50. The brokers'
price for Lead was $3 80 and for Copper $16 50
616 73.
Stizvr^itfdi finnnciqf} quotations unchanged. .
neglected and zeeak.
: &ihcY:;c?rWsr&iftl}M previous prices. -
rJ$?$» $£$,*•? vt'd 'Fcc4stur7s as before. ;
Potatoes jrsw and Onions iveak.
f?mitli:v$i:jfydo£ptc [supply, but dull and zvcah.
' : T^ef^:'C]iec^-cind Eggs unchanged.
to decline slowly. ' ¦ .
]&ms'i$ti?ig;Mt by heal, merchants. . .
jlMcsf3faclhid-H;Gps ditll and week.
Meat/mBr'fcctpaiids, the same.
%ktihj^iitiilsircpQrtcd active. ;. ..
jVefeasc&iCriftojiis collections.
:Becf(as<#: coinage • of the Mint.
S30 Pacific Coast ..'. 61%
Pacific Coast let prefd 83
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 61
1.025 Pacific Mail 28H
5,130 People's Gas 101*i
420 Pressed Steel Car 46
3.10 Preyed- Steel Car prefd 77&
210 Pullman Palace Car 1S2
Standard Rope & Twine 5%
54,195 Sugar 118V
100 Sugar profd 115
2,900 . Tennessee Coal & Iron 75%
570. United States Leather... 11
C30 United States Leather prefd ! 70
350 Upited Stutes Rubber 2SU
T.'lAed States Rubber prefd 95Vi
741 Western Union SO
2,540 Republic. Iron & Steel ~ 14V4
670 Republic Iron & Stoel prefd 57
P C C & St Louis 60
500 Third Avenue 113'
431.300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS
U S 2s refdg reg.,.103Vi M K & T 2ds 6S%
Do coupon 103% Do 4s, ex int 91H
Do 2s res 9»H NYC lsts 111H
Do 3s reg 109Vi N J C gen 5s .121?i
Do 3s coupon 109ft N Paciiic 3s 64%
• Do new 4s reg....l3IH Do is lo;l
Do new 4s coup..l34>* N Y C & St L 4s. .106%
Do old 4s reg HJ^ N & W con 4s 97
Do old 4s coup... 115^1 Or Xav lsts Ill
Do 5s res 113»ii Do 4s 104*4
Do 5s coup 113%|Or Short Line Cs...l2SVi
Dlst of Col 3.C3s...l22 j Do con 6s. 114\i
Atchison gen 4s. ...101 {RwidJng gen 4s 88H
Do adj 4s S4Vi!u « W lsts 99
Canada So 2ds 107 j St L & I M con 5s. 110%
Ches & Ohio 4«»s.. 99?; St L & S F gen 6s.l24
Do Cs 117% J?t Paul cons 172%
C & N con 7s 141% 1st P C & P lstsU.,120
Do S F deb 5s.. ..119 I Do 5s ..121
Chicago term 4s.... 97V>'S Pacific 4s, ex int. SIVi
Colo So 4s S7 iS Railway cs 112
D & R G lsts 10H4 1 Stand R & T 63... 71
Do 4s 93'a I Tex & Pac lsts, ex
E T V & G lsts.... 103^8 1 int "2%
Erie gen 4s 72;4|Tex & Pac 2ds 55
F W & D C lsts, 1 U Pacific 4s 106U
ex int 70\4 Wabash lsts 115^
Gen Electric 5s. ...125 Do 2de 102V4
Iowa Cent lsts. ex West Shore 4s 113H
int 111% Wis Central lsts.. 91H
K C P & G lsts.... 7Vi Va centuries 93
L & N uni 4s 994«l
MINING STOCKS.
ChoIIar lS'Ontario 7 03
Crown Porht 07JOphlr <8
Con Oil & Va .. 1 40 j Plymouth 12
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 1»
Gould & Curry 12 Do prefd 1 50
Hale & Norcross.. 19, Sierra Nevada 2t>
Homestake 55 00 Standard * 65
Iron Silver 60 Union Con J 16
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket. ' 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— jWest End 91V4
Call loans 2®3 Bonde—
Time loans 3&4 Atchison 4s 100 "
Stocks— |N r E Gas & C 5s... 65
Atch T & St Fe... 27',» Mining Shares-
Do prefd 73% ! Adventure 4
American Sugar.. ..11S% Allouez Mln Co.... 12
Do prefd 114 Amalg Copper...... S.H
Bell Telephone 300 Atlantic 23
IJoston & Albany.. 240 Boston & Mont.... COO
Boston Elevated.... 139 iiutte & Boston 63
Boston & Maine... 191V* Calumet & Hecla,
Chi B & Q 131 ex dlv 705
Dominion Coal 42H Centennial 18
Do prefd 116*4! Franklin 13U
Federal Steel 36%'Humboldt 60
Do prefd 6S?i Osceola 62
Fitchburgr prefd. ...133 :Parrot • 43
Gen Electric 135*ilQuincy 135
Mexican Central... 13 I St Fe, Copper 5
N E Gas &*Coke.. 15's'Tamarack 193
Old Colony 2>5 (Utah Mining 27
Did Dominion 17H Wlnona 3
Rubber 28'£, Wolverines 39
Union Pacific 56%l
#_ muzz •*
SUmMRX OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK, June 1.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review will say to-morrow: Speculative deal
ings have aga^n been of a restricted kind and
the public appear to develop no real interest
In the. stock market. The investment demand
for bonds and dividend-paying stocks continues
to be excellent and It Is apparent that the
floating supply of auch securities is consider
ably smaller than In recent years. The de
velopments of the week have in the main been
of a favorable character. London has reopened
to the successful outcome of the war in South
Africa and the assurances that the gold mines
of the Rand are safe in an advance in which
I American stocks have participated to a cer
tain extent. The buying of our securities for
foreign account has .not, however, been on a
sufficiently large scale to have much practical
influence upon the tone of the market here or
upon current quotations for speculative shares.
Another development Is the decline of exchange
rates to a level which puts an end to any
apprehension as to shipments of gold. Early
this week it became apparent that no further
withdrawals 'of specie either from London or
Paris would be made and the situation in this
respect has shaped itself so that the gold
outflow is over for the season. Money is be
coming decidedly easier in London and the
other foreign I financial centers, open discount
at the British capital -being down to 2?i per
cent, a drop o£ IV* per cent In a month. The
ease of money abroad with the cheerful news
from South Africa seems likely to result in
the development . of a speculative movement
In London of more than ordinary proportions,
although it must be admitted that thus far
the London etock market has taken the situa
tion quietly and docs not seem ' disposed . to
indulge In any overdrawn excitement. Another
circumstance which has had a considerable in-
Huence upon the femper of Wall street Is the
accumulating evidence that the so-called sugar
trade war is practically ended, even if there
has been no formal settlement among the re
fining interests. It has been pointed out for
Borne time that'lhe course of the capitalists in
; terested In the business was one which neces
sitated a compromise when all - parties were
thoroughly tired of their losses. It is certainly
remarkable that the American Sugar Refining
Company and the opposition refineries should
within the last few weeks have advanced prices
to a level which seejns to afford a fair profit
and the speculative public not unnaturally
draws the inference that this Is the result of
an agreement or arrangement among the
parties in Interest. While nothing can be
learned as to the facts there has been heavy
covering of shorts In Sugar stocks and an ad
vance In its price to 120. making it the most
active as well as the strongest feature of the
market. The steel stocks have been irregular
and heavy on the news that further reduc
tions in prices were scored in Western mar
kets. At the same time the liquidation in
these stocks seems to be over and in some
cases covering by a short Interest resulted in
an improvement of their market position. It
may also be said that the Tobacco stocks con
tributed the strength of the general
market because while they showed no decided
Improvement the selling in them has ceased
and the fear of competitive opposition has
diminished. .The railroad list has been strong
to steady, particular attention being paid to
Burlington, Northern Pacific common and
Atchison preferred. In the two latter cases
prospective increases in dividend rates are the
main reason for the support extended to them.
statements that ' some of the properties Just
taken by the Steel Sheet Company have been
sold back to former owners, and that Proper
ties of the Steel Hoop Company will be divid
ed likewise, but it is not at all surprising 11 »
few out of so many combinations result in tne
disappointment of some. Probably a ' owe J
quotation for Bessemer pig may be accepted
by the association in the central region ror
the latter half year, as the closing of many
works, owing" to reduced demand, may l e ,& ve
these furnaces without full employment. The
acceptance of two large contracts for export,
one for $100,000 by Southern works, is a good
sign.
Failures for the week have been 160 in the
United States against 143 last year and 21 in
Canada against 14 last year.
Pacific. 96%;' Union Pacific ' preferred, 76% ;
Northern Pacific preferred, 78*4; Grand Trunk,
714; Anaconda, S%. Bar silver, firm, 27 9-16d.
Money, 1% per cent.
prices advanced 10@12 points and trading was
very active for a time. The close was barely
steady with prices net i to 7 points lower.
Portland's Business.
¦ PORTLAND, June 1.— Exchanges, $266,522;
balances. $60,433. ;
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. June 1.— In the Portland market
there Is so little doing that it Is difficult to
nuote accurate prices. Walla Walla is gen
erally quoted at 51c. but a cent or two more
has been paid for choice stock. Valley is in
poor demand and Is nominally 51c. Jfiffififi
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June 1.— Wheat dull, little doing.
Bluestcm, 64c; club. 51c. both for export.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON June 1.— Consols. lt^tJlW**: Sil
ver 27 9-16d; French Rentes. lOlf 7»sc. Wheat
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; _W heat
W^afca^W^fwaila^^ &,!£
l^WHEAT-Firm: No, 1
KrS^-SH"?^ % *&tl
country markets, steadj-.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 29-32d.
CLOSING. •/-
LIVERPOOL. June 1.— WHEAT— Spot, steady:
No. 1 California, 6s %d®6s Id: No. 1 northern
spring. 5s 9Hd. Futures, steady; July, os 8:3d;
September. 5s 8%d.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed new.
3s 10%d. Futures, quiet; July, 3s*9?4d; Septem
ber, 2s 9?id.
THE SAa FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^ JUNE 2, 1900.
Bradstreet's Financial Reviezv.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
Bank Clearings.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Foreign Futures.
Family Retail Market.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
"• «2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time. .
' SAN : FRANCISCO. June 1—3 p. m.
.The foilowfns "maximum trmj>eratures w»re
reported ?rc-m ctatkns -n . California to-day:
¦Vre*n6 S4 iliErecf.; I/O* Anpries Tl. R<-d ISIuff 86.
Fan .Luis Ob'.spi', 74, San Diego Oi. Sa;raracnto
7*. InijT^ndehce ¦£ t . -Yusna 100. . .: :
Sa-n ' Frasicirco d*ta: Mcxinum temperature
.CO £»-ercps: mir.irpurn. r,2; mean.' Off.
weather conditions, -and general
-•-.•• ' • forecast: ¦
The/, weather Is aomeictaat cloudy al.->nc the
Immediate. <rart .aha ever the, Kocky Mountain
region; elsewhrre ln.th? v.Tjtcrn portion of the
country -clear «'catl»pr prevails.
Tn« prw.rure has fallen over the Rocky Mount
rin rfgrtcn and rtsen. along the eoBFt. A trough
of low pressure extern!* from Southern Arizona
north wacfl. over the pletfau region to Southern
I ::.!•.•.. ¦•Th» highest pressure Is reported from
the N6ith.Paeille. • • .
The temperature has fallen slightly In the
Earramento Vailpy; clsowhere tfio change* have
b«'n rfi&fct. ' - ' .
¦¦Conditic.-.s are favorable for fair weather in
California Saturday, probably with fcg alone
the ccast !n tbfc morning.
-Forecast tkad<* at Sao Francipco for thirty
bourc -ending midnight June 2. 1S*O:
S'ar Northers California— Fair Saturday, prob-
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
Dairy products remain as previously quoted
Poultry and meats axe not materially
changed from last week.
Fralts ar<s steadily growing more plentiful
ar the season advances, but prices are stm
higher than they -will be later on. Vegetables
of ail kinds are In good supply.
Coal, per ton — ~
Cannel t tQn CO Seattle $3 003
Wellington .. ©10 0) Scnthfield
New Welllnz- | Wellington «?1O CO
ten ®70 0C|Coo9 Uay ©7 CO
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, per sqr. .lVi*w; Ranch Esrgs. per
Do per roll SO^Kj dozen 170*3
Cheese. Cal lOtfi; Howy Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.'.. 17«2i>i round HQIZ
Cheese. Swiss 2<M*3.> : . Do. extracted...— «1J
Common Eggs — filJ 1
ARTICLES. 1 Open. | High. | Low. JClose.
Wheat No. 2— ....1
June 66V4 66^4 6o"£ 68
July 67>4 67% 66% 67
Corn No. 2 —
June 36% 37V& 36% 37%
July 37 37% 36?4 37%
Oats No. 2— |
June 21
July 21U 21% 21% 21%
Mess Pork, bbl—
July 11 20 11 20 - 11 00 11 Co
Lard, 11 lbs—
July 6 SO 6 SO 6 72% 6 72H
September 6 77H 6 77& 6 63 6 67&
Short Ribs, ICO lbs—
July 6 50 6 50 6 37% 6 42%
September 650 650 6 37% 6 42>*
ARTICLES. . (Receipts.! Shlpm'ts.
____^^^_ I I
Flour, barrels 12,000 E.OCO
Wheat, bushels 20.0CO 8,000
rorn, bushels 234.000 213.000
Data, bushels 431,000 315,000
Rye. bushels 5,000 6,000
Barley, bushels 24,000 4.C00
ARTICLES. 1 Open. | High. | Low. JClose.
Wheat No. 2— ....1
June 66V4 66^4 6o"£ 68
July 67>4 67% 66% 67
Corn No. 2 —
June 36% 37V& 36% 37%
July 37 37% 36?4 37%
Oats No. 2— |
June 21
July 21U 21% 21% 21%
Mess Pork, bbl—
July 11 20 11 20 - 11 00 11 Co
Lard, 11 lbs—
July 6 SO 6 SO 6 72% 6 72H
September 6 77H 6 77& 6 63 6 67&
Short Ribs, ICO lbs—
July 6 50 6 50 6 37% 6 42%
September 650 650 6 37% 6 42>*
ARTICLES. . (Receipts.! Shlpm'ts.
____^^^_ I I
Flour, barrels 12,000 E.OCO
Wheat, bushels 20.0CO 8,000
rorn, bushels 234.000 213.000
Data, bushels 431,000 315,000
Rye. bushels 5,000 6,000
Barley, bushels 24,000 4.C00
AUCTION SALES
50 HEAD OF HORSES
Welshing from 1050 to 14C0.
¦Well-matched pairs of BLACKS, B vrq.
BROWNS and CHESTNUT SORRELS
From HAQGINS' RANCH (Kern Co. Land Co)
At SALESYARD. 1733 MARKET ST.. cor. Van
Ness ave.
CHASE & MENDEN-HALt,
Successor to KILLIP & CO.
CLOSING-OUT SALE by AUCTION
33 HEAD GENTLE. WELL- BROKER
HORSES,
From S'skiyou County.
MOSPAT MORNING. June 4. i:«». at 11 Select
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 Howard St., near Third.
\ W. G. LAYNO. Aucth-verPromotion for Miles.
Customs Inspector i II. G. Phelan was
appointed by Collector Jackson yesterday
as ; discharging inspector In place of j.
Hocking,' resigned. Joseph Wilson was
reinstated as inspector In Phelan's place.
Inspector Eager has received' five months
leave of; absence without pay, and F. A.
Clark- has been appointed temporarily to
nil : the , vacancy.
Custom-House Appointments.
An entertainment and dance will be
given this' evening .for St. John's booth,
ladles' fair, in aid of St. John's Evangelist
parish. The entertainment will be held in
old St. Mary's College Hall and will be
gin at 8:30 p. m. .
For St. John's Parish.
George H. Wolfe of the Building News
arid Review^ secured a warrant from
Judge Cabanfv? yesterday for the arrest
of Augustine Humphrey, his collector, on
the charge of telony embezzlement. In
the complaint it is alleged that . Hum
phrey is short in his accounts to the
amount of $432 25. His peculations ex
tend over eighteen months.
A Defaulting Collector.
The Retail Grocers' Protective Union
will hold Its twenty-ninth annual picnic
at Schuetzen Park to-morrow.' Innumer
able prizes have been presented to the
committee and these will be presented to
holders of lucky gate checks, athletes and
marksmen. There will be races of all
kinds, bowling and shooting.
Retail Grocers Will Picnic.
Grocer's Son Missing.
Henry Tonjas. the 11-year-old son of J.
Tonjas, a grocer at. the corner of Union
and Mason streets, has been missing from
his home since Thursday at noon. The
bov accompanied his grandmother to the
ferry and did not return to his home.
His parents believe he. wandered along the
water front and in some manner fell into
the bay and was drowned.
Myer Brothers Compromise Their Dif
ferences With the Men and Boy
'S - cott Is Removed.
The difficulty which has existed for sev
eral months between the labor unions and
Meyer Brothers has at last been amicably
adjusted. A compromise was signed on
Mav 20 and the boycott against the firm
rernoved. The union clonkmakers are jubi
1 lanf more especially as M. Friedman has
also withdrawn his orders from the house
of M. Slmonoff pending a settlement .of
the trouble between that firm and the
labor unions. v
The boycott on the shoe firm of O. M.
Kutz & Co. ¦ has .warmed up sufficiently to
throw the case into court, where the right
of a labor union to issue and maintain a
picket notifying the public not to patron
ize an unfair house will be tested. The
Labor Council has promised to stand by
Secretary Rosenberg in his fight. Hence
forth all boots and shops made by union
shops will- carry the union stamp.
At a meeting of the Journeymen Plas
terers held at 927 Market street last night
a journeyman's union was formed exclu
slve of the contractors' association. Thir
ty-five members were Initiated. D. Ahearn
was elected president and J. Garderser
secretary. The unanimous sense of the
meeting was to become affiliated with
the Building Trades Council as soon as
practicable. A motion to adjourn- until
¦Wednesday evening at the same place
prevailed. • ' , ¦¦ ...
The newly organized lodge of Amalga
mated Sheet Iron and Metal Workers met
In regular session at SOD Market street
last night and witnessed the Installation
of its first officers. The work was done
by the Cornice Makers' Union, which sent
thirty men to perform the ceremonies and
UNION LABOR WINS :
A PARTIAL VICTORY
Word has 'been received -here of the
death at Brooklyn. N. Y., on the 29th ult..
of Bernard Ryan, formerly a well-known
Callfornian. The deceased was 62 years of
age. He was a- member of local Lodge
No. 65, Coopers' International Union, and
of Garfield Post, Grand Army of the Re
public. Tho interment will take place at
the National Cemetery on next Sunday
at 1p.m.
Death of Bernard Ryan.
Those Islands to Be Organized' as a
Separate District Under a
Collector.
Internal Revenue Collector- John C.
Lynch received a telegram yesterday from
Internal Revenue Commissioner Wilson
stating that it was not considered practi
cable under the law to consolidate Hawaii
with tho First California district, and that
therefore an internal revenue collector for
the islands will be appointed, who will
execute his bond and qualify before June
14 of this year.
The dispatch stated also that the newly
appointed collector would appoint R. N.
Frick as his deputy to take charge of the
organization of the Hawaiian Island dis
trict. .-Mr.- Frick- is now on his way to
Honolulu with Special Revenue Agent
Burt M. Thomas and Gauger Driscoll.
• Collector Lynch said yesterday that he
was very well pleased with the informa
tion conveyed In the telegram, as the
change of the original plan of the Inter
nal Revenue Commissioner, would relieve
him from a heavy burden of responsibil
ity. It would be a very difficult matter,
he said,: for a collector in San Francisco
to manage the revenue collection system
of the Hawaiian Islands. ,
LYNCH NOT TO HANDLE
REVENUES OF HAWAII
The suit of the Samuels Lace House
versus N. J. Brlttan for $141 15, the value
of goods furnished to the latter's di
vorced wife, was on trial yesterday in
Justice Groezinger's court. Brlttan testi
fied that he had served notice on the
Lace House not to give his former wife
credit. Judge Groezinger postponed his
decision, as a similar case is before the
Superior Court on appeal.
Liability of a Wife for Debt.
Struck by a Cobblestone.
Louis Radovich, living at 205 Third
street, while passing Howard and Tre
mont streets yesterday afternoon was
struck by a cobblestone hurled by some
unknown person. The stone struck him
on the left arm, fracturing that member.
Radovich visited the Receiving Hospital,
where the fracture was reduced by Assist
ant Police Surgeon Morrison.
Violet Brooks, a woman of the tender
loin, and Herbert E. Raynes, her friend,
were held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Mogan yesterday on a
charge of grand larceny. The woman's
bonds were fixed at $2000 and Raynes' at
J4000. On the night of May 22 they met
R. T. Clifton of 150 Steuart street In a
dive and took him to a house on Turk
street, where they put knock-out drops
in his liquor and robbed him of $35.
Drank Knock-Out Drops.
The State Veterinarian yesterday noti
fied the Board of Supervisors that there
are several cases of alleged glanders In
this city, with a request that they, be im
mediately Investigated.
Suspected Cases of Glanders,
-Petitions in insolvency were filed yester
day In the United States District Court
as follows:' I»w Hung, doing a mercan
tile business in Sonora. Tuolumrte County,
under the firm name of Hop Sing & Co..
liabilities $692S X), assets $1200. Robert
Wescoe Theobald, a farmer residing in the
town of Alameda: liabilities $6373 66. assets
$2P0O. Mary Edna Mandeville. merchant.
Stockton; liabilities $509 77. no assets. E.
William Morgan, merchant. . San Fran
cisco; liabilities *23Z1 32. no assets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
McGlade's defense occupied but a few
minutes during the afternoon. At the
opening of the-mornlng session C. S. Der
ham, T. B. McGlnnls, C. Rels and D. J.
Leary were called by the prosecution to
testify as to the peregrinations of a sal
ary warrant, many of which, it is alleged,
McGIade forged prior to Its reaching the
hands of the person making the demand
on the treasury. Charles True 'testified
that he saw "McGlade sign warrants
scheduled as Nos.- S6, S7 and SS, which it
is alleged were forged documents so far
as the name of the claimant for salary
was concerned. Charles J. Cody, detect
ive, and I. W. Lee.s, ex-Chief of Police,
were called to tell the story of McGlade's
arrest. The prosecution then •closed.
Attorney T. J. Lennon, who represents
the accused, immediately called his client
to the stand. McGIade briefly denied that
he had forged any documents. The cross
examination was just as brief, and as far
as the evidence went the jury was in
possession of the facts of the case.
Attorney Wise opened the argument for
the people, T. J. Lennon followed for the
defense and -Assistant District Attorney
Deuprey closed. The jury was charged,
and Just before 5 o'clock retired to delib
erate on a verdict.
Being unable to agree on a verdict the
Jury was locked up at 10:30 o'clock last
night. Judge Cook announced that unless
a verdict was reached at the time of the
opening of the court this morning he
would discharge the jury.
The jurors are: F. L. Guntz, 8 City
Hall square; B. Grove, 2121 Pacific av
enue; R. J. Hancock. 923 Broderick; Clar
ence Musto, 705 Battery; E. A. Sachs,
615 Leavenworth; J. B. Williams, ¦ 142
Fourteenth; F. E. Shafer, 3071 Twenty
third; Harry F. McGurron, 1398 Market;
Frederick Dieling, 953 McAllister; John
Corbett. 1014 Lombard; Adolph Hlller, 421
Chestnut; M.' E. Willis, 804 Eddy.
The Twelve Are^ Locked Up for the
Night After Deliberating for
Several Hours.
The case of the people against Peter
McGlade was submitted to the jury last
evening. The .twelve men who listened to
the testimony and arguments seem
to be preparing for a disagreement. They
did not return a verdict last night and
were placed under lock and key until this
morning.
M'GLADE'S CASE IS
SUBMITTED TO JURY
NEW YORK, June l.-The Times to
morrow will publish the following:
In order to secure the passage of a bill
in Congress known as the "classification
bill" every postal clerk in New York, Chi
cago. Philadelphia, San Francisco, Pitts
burg and Baltimore was asked yesterday
(Friday) to give $10 out of the salary re
ceived for the month of May to be usod
in pushing the bill. New York City alone
has 1500 clerks and if all paid they would
contribute $15,000 to the fund, which is ex
pected to amount to at least $60,000. Tho
clerks were assured that the bill would
become a law by June 10 if the fund was
promptly raised.
It was the opposition of sonie of the
clerks to the payment of the sum de
manded which caused the disclosure of
the fact that such a fund was being
raised. According to Postmaster Van C«Ut
this disclosure may cause the removal of
a number of men who have been actively
engaged In raising the legislative fund.
The national president of the postal
clerks' organization admitted, last night
that such a fund was being raised.
Contribution in Order to Influ
ence Legislation.
Sought to Boise a FuncUby Asking
MANY POSTAL CLERKS
MAY BE DISMISSED
JOSEPH CAULFIELD and Michael
Tracy, two military convicts now
confined in a dungeon at • Alcatraz
Island on a bread and water diet, have
just passed through an adventure of at
tempted escape full of desperate chances
and signalized by an utter disregard for
personal safety. That they did not perish
in the waters of the bay was due only to
the timely discovery of a guard and a
• change of mind on the part of the prison
1 breakers.
| This Is not the first attempt made by
; Caulfield and Tracy to escape paying the
I penalty imposed upon them for violation
of army regulations.
At Nagasaki the two prisoners escaped
from the transport Mcade and "enjoyed"
a taste of freedom for six days. Half
clothed and half-fed they roamed about-
I the hills, but were finally overtaken by
I the authorities and brought back to the
ship and brought to this city.
Before the Meade steamed into the
Golden Gate the pair of convicts had
I planned another escape. .They had liled
! the bars of one of the port holes, depend
< Ing upon thrir ability as shimmers to
! breast the waves to a haven of liberty on
! the north beach of this city. But disap-
I pointment was their measure in this con
l templated break for freedom. The Meade
| anchored near Angel island just at dusk
! nnd the attempt was abandoned.
1 The last unsuccessful venture occurred
I on the night of May 28. -The soldier pris-
I oners had been thrown into one of the
! cells in the island prison through which
; an unused chimney was built. The top of
! the chimney had been closed by a board
j capping nailed to the roof and over which
: a tarpaulin covering had been placed.
1 This was removed by means of .a ham
mer, a jimmy and a knife that had been
Caulfield was a private in Company I
Fourth United States Infantry. He was
tried in Manila for disobedience of orders
and sentenced to fifteen years' imprison
ment. Later ten years of the sentence
was remitted. He Is oniy 21 years of ag-e
Tracy was a member of CompanyM, Six
teenth United States Infantry. He was
convicted of assault with Intent to kill
and sentenced to eight years. He had
been in the army seventeen months and
is 20 years of age. He Is from Phila
delphia.
Out on the dark waters of the bay the
two desperate men worked their way With
their Improvised paddles and an oppor
tune float. For several hours they ex
erted every effort to work their way
toward the city, but they got caught in
an eddying current and could make no
headway.
Drenched to the skin, their strength
spent by their arduous labors, they were
discovered by a guard at 4 a. m. just as
the day was dawning. At this time they
were floating hopelessly in the swirling
tide, and a few- shots from Guard Jor
gensen wrought a desire on the part of
the convicts to return to their island
prison. After a short time the two men
on the float, landed and were placed in a
dungeon.
When the sentry had gone his rounds
Caulileld and Tracy dropped to ' the
ground dodging the sentries and keep
ing well under cover until they reached
the'bellhouse steps on the south side of
the -island. Here they found a board float
which was moored fast. This they suc
ceeded In cutting adrift. Nothing but
large shingles was at hand, so they
boarded the float, using these as paddles.
converted into a saw. After reaching
the roof the aperture at the top of the
chimney was covered with a blanket in
order to conceal the light from the eyes
ot" the sentry.
Special Plrrafh to The Call.
• SAN RAFAEL, June 1.— The British
Consul General, \V. C. Pickersglll, is ly
ing at his home In this city dangerously
ill with typhoid fever.
His physician. Dr. H. O. Howell, states
that the Consul is doincr as well under
the circumstances as might be expected
nnd that without complications arising
Mr, Pickersgill may soon be out of dan
ger.
Nick Berg Arrested.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL, Juno 1.— Nick Berg, for
whom the authorities have been looking
for some time, to-day surrendered him
self to Constable Agnew. Berg is ac
cused of disturbing the peace of Ike Elg
and wife. Some months ago Berg was
shot and nearly killed on a yacht off Sau
sallto. It was bnlieved at the time that
Elg shot him in some trouble over a wo
man. Berg refused to prosecute or name
his assailant. Since then Elg and wife
have moved to the brick yards and Berg
has repeatedly annoyed them. Elg noti
fied the District Attorney several times
that if Berg did not leave his house alone
he would kill him.
Tobin Elected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MILL VALLEY, June I.— J. F. Tobin
was elected School Trustee to-day over
his opponent, A. L. House. Tho contest
was practically a test between the advo
cates of Incorporation and their oppo
nents. Mr. Tobin represented the "down
towns," who are against incorporation.
CONSUL PICKERSHILL
IS DANGEROUSLY ILL
Princess Aribert of Anhalt Visiting
America, but Traveling
Incognito.
NETV TOKK. June 1.— Traveling incog
nito and attended only by a lady in wait
ing, the Princess Aribert of Anhalt. eldest
daughter of her Royal Highness the
Princess Christiana and granddaughter of
Queen Victoria, arrived in New York on
the Majestic on Wednesday evening! Her
Highness Is now at th<? Waldorf-Astoria,
where she is registered as the Countess of
Munsterburg. and her lady in waiting as
¦Fraulein von Chappins.
It is the first visit tho Princess has made
to America, and her coming has been
known only to a few personal friends of
herself- arid her mother, the Princess
Christiana, who before her marriage to
Prlnre Christian of Schleswig-Holsteln
was the Princr-ss Helena Augusta, second
daughter of tho Queen. The Princess Ari
bert Is her* 1 as a tourist, solely for pleas
ure, and has preferred to remain incog
nito, but as she leaves New York to-mor
row for Washington, where she Is to be re
ceived at the Uritish legation, her Iden
tity can scarcely be kept a secret here
after.
GRANDDAUGHTER OF QUEEN
VICTORIA IN NEW YORK
Fr*e!al Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. June 1.— The observations of
the sun's eclipse, taken after such elab
orate; preparations by the leading scien
tists of. two continents, are pronounced a
failure by Professor Crew of the North
western University. The great question
of the composition of th* sun will he little
nearer solution, says hn, as the result of
the work done at the many stations In tho
South. -"Whether it is a. solid enveloped in
gases, or whether it is all gaseous, or
whether " both, theories are wrong, must
remain just as open a question as It has
been for the. past hundred years.
It will not bo until 3918 that an oppor
tunity will be had in America to repeat
the . observations taken last Monday.
Many who took part in these expeditions
will be gone, and the disappointment,
says Professor Crew, is Intense. The ex
planation he gives for the failure is that
the instruments used were too powerful.
These, instead of giving valuable data, in
most cases left absolutely blank photo
graphic records. In thft seconds during
which the sun was totally eclipsed time
was too precious to trust to the human
eye, and all observations were photo
graphed. The development, of the photo
graphic plates, says Professor Crew, haa
oeen one series of disappointments, and
the work of years and months of prepara
tion is practically wasted."
•
Photographs of the Recent Eclipse
: of the Pun Snid to Be
Failures.
WORK OF ASTRONOMERS
; WAS WITHOUT RESULT
Wh»n the two robbers who were looting
the safe had secured all the money avail
able they joined their two confederates
and with leveled rifles the four marauders
linea up the band of citizens, who stood
with hands held high as ordered, until the
four robbers had backed away into the
darkness and fled. The bank "buiMing is
a total wreck. The loss is estimated at
$"000 in addition to the $1500 secured by th«
robbers, Xo trace of the robbers" has
been .discovered.
Two Men Hold Fifty Citizens at Bay
Wfcile Their Accomplice Ss
cures $1600. ; ';>
DES MOINES. Iowa. June 1.— The safe
I of the Bank of Sheldahl was blown up last
i night by robbers, who secured $1600 and
I eseaped after holding- fifty or more citi
| zcrs at bay with rifles. Shortly after mid
i night a terrific explosion shook the town
! and immediately the inhabitants turned
i out to learn the cause. A glance up the
: main street showed the building of the
! pavings bank to be In ruins and the tim
bers burning. Fifty citizens rushed to
i the place to be met by two rifles in the
I hands of two strangers, who ordered the ra
i to halt. As the ruins burned brighter two
i other strangers were descried looting the
; wrecked safe. The crowd had brought no
j weapons. The two robbers on guard
; threatened death to the man who moved
! from his tracks, and the helpless citizens
; were compelled to witness the robbery of
: their savings without lifting a hand in re
! monstrance.
BOLD ROBBERS LOOT
. BANK IN IOWA TOWN
sympathetic strikes, announced that no
members- of unions affiliated with the
Building 'Trados •Council would be ani
ploy.td. ¦ The strike order Issued to-night
oxeepts workmen employed on conven
tion hall work for such contractors" as
surrender their membership in the Build
ers' Club.
ST. I/»riS. Jun<» 1.— As regards riotous
demonstrations and shedding of blood In
connection, with the strike on- the St.
Louis Transit system, to-day was one of
the most uneventful ¦ since the employes
vyeiit out. only, one name being added to
the list of casualties.
The swearing in of th*> nosse of 2500 citi
zens to aid the Police Department is-pro
trresslng smoothly; up to to-night nearly
MO . men have been engaged. The force
\vi.lj be. organized into squaxis of llfty each.
As. the force increases the number of
squads will be increased and more men
w!H be added to them. When 1000 men
have been sworn In the force will be or
panljted es a regiment, and if the 2500
called for are sworn in there will be two
regiments... Men of known military qual
ifications have boen selected to drill and
command the various companies. •
Order Follows the Lockout Declared
.. by the Organization of Con
/' tractors.
KANSAS; CITY, June 1. — A general
istrike of all the building trades in Kansas
City, effective to-morrow morning, was
ordered at a meeting to-night of the
Jiuildlng: Trades Council. It is said that
over 5000 workmen will be involved. The
strike. order follows the leckout declared
about two weeks ago by the Builders'
Club, an organization of contractors. The
contractors, after continued troubles with
STRIKE IN KANSAS
CITY BUILDING TRADES
VENTURSOME CONVICTS
ATTEMPT AN ESCAPE
Prisoners at Alcatraz Work Them
selves Through a Chimney and
' Ship on a Float
SEATTLE,' June l.-W. C. Kurtz, for
merly .of San Francisco, and Norman R.
Smith, deputy land surveyor at Nome, are
the latest arrivals from Cape Nome, hav
ing reached • Seattle .to-hight on the
steamer. Bertha. • Mr.' Kurtz .and Mr.
Smith left Nome on March 16, with one
team of three dogs and as much provis
ions as they could carry. They traveled
on foot to the Kuskocrulm river, a dls
tance of 450 miles, which they reached on
April 10.. On that date the ice and snow
disappeared from the trail on all save the
higher elevations.
At the Kuskoquim the travelers gave
a Way their dog team and sled, and cast
off their surplus clothing. They deter
mined to find a short cut across the coun
try over rivets 'and mountain ranges to
the coast. _• •
They figured on coming out on a point
opposite Kadiak Island. .Mr. Smith had
mapped out- a route traversing a hitherto
unknown country. The trip Involved all
kinds of hardship and suffering. The
Btory- from Nome brought by the two.
travelers contains facts more interesting
than any recent news received froftx the
new gold camp since the clcse of naviga
tion. Briefly, these are the facts related:
Between 1700 and 2000 miners were at
work along the beach at Nome, for a dis
tance of a dozen miles. The ground was
not frozen so as to prevent mining opera-?
tions, and the result has been that much
development work haa been done, with
prospects for an immense clean up when
the rivers melt In the spring. Prospecting
done in the tundra back of Nome shows
that there are two and three pay streaks
down to bedrock, at a depth of between
thirty and fifty feet.
The deepest pay streak so far has been
the richest; pans being found worth 62
cents. Mining men who have examined
these prospects predict that the tundra
will produce enormous quantities of sola
during the coming season.
A legal- snarl is to be unraveled this
summer by the lawyers reaching Cape
Nome. More than half the richest prop
erties on the beach and creek beds are
involved in litigation, due to the fact
that Jumpers have restaked the best
claims and have sold their alleged in
terests to Innocent, parties.
Probably the most important item of
news brought by Mr. Kurtz and Mr.
Smith relates to the mining operations on
the beach at Cape Nome and norths of.
that place. Mr. Kurtz said to The Call
correspondent to-night: • ...
"There are about twelve miles of beach
claims, which were worked in a desultory
fashion last fall, and which will yield up
millions in gold during the coming sea
son. About four hundred miners win
tered on the beach, of which perhaps la
per cent ' worked continuously. March 1
the miners began striking their tents pre
paratory to the spring and summer work.
When we left Nome there were 1700 min
ers at. work on the beach.
"Between Cripple and Ranny rivers
good prospects were obtained before we
left, ranging from $3 to $7 per pan. The
miners as -a rule have no dittlculty in
working down to bedrock, from which
they drift, following the pay streak.
"Prospecting on the tundra has been
prosecuted to a considerable extent this
winter and usually with gratifying re
sults. Back of the North America
Trading and Transportation Company's
property a big hole was sunk -during the
winter to a depth of forty-seven feet.
Three separate and distinct pay slieaKS
were encountered. The first was four
Inches thick, and was found eight teet
below the grass roots. It averages 5 cents
to the pan.- The second pay streak was
found at a distance of aoout thiuy-tw'o
feet. The pans averaged 16 cents each.
It was at bedrock at a distance of forty
seven" feet that • the • richest pay streak
was found.- Here the pans went as high
as C2 cents. The gold was found in crov
ices in the bedrock. ; Some of those who
helped- sink the prospect hole declared
that this was a false bedrock .and that
greater values would be reached by sink
ing lower. This work was prosecuted be
tween January 15 and March .12. A steam
thawer was used to sink the prospect
hole.
"Near Anvil Mountain, three miles back
of Nome, Marshall Lee and J. A. King
sunk another prospect hole through the
tundra. They went down thirty feet aftd.
encountered pay v dirt running from 40
.cents to. 80 cents per pan."
Kurtz describes conditions in the camp
as promising with one exception, which is
that, owing to disputes over' titles to the
best claims in the district, and including
over half of the centrally located creek,
claim's, the work of development of the
camp will, he says, be put back nearly a
year. Two of the richest quartz strikes in
the history of the camp are reported by.
Kurtz.
The first find was made late in February
by a party headed . by a miner .named
Taylor. They left Nome guided by a na
tive, and traveled for two days into the
Interior in the direction of Port. Clarence.
Here they found a true ledge, from which
they took samples at random. These, be
ing assayed by Assayer Thomas of the
N A. T. and T. Company, gave returns
at $$00 in gold to the ton. The ore is said
to be plentiful in the new district, the
find being the richest jn the way of quartz
"discoveries in the history of the camp.
Another adventurous party of pros
pectors left Nome in the dead of winter
for the headwaters of the Ingelatulek
River, which Rises near the Unalaklik.
The prospectors were headed by two
miners named Jacobsen and Moon, and
the ore ran as high as $400 to the ton. In
vestigations prosecuted by skilled miners
on the beach have revealed the existence
of what is- called a ruby sand, which,
while not profitable to work by the old
rocker, can nevertheless be handled by
large corporations with Improved machin
ery and big pay derived. This ruby sand,
it Is said, extends along the whole length
of tho coast to* Cape York. The mining
companies equipped with machinery are
nrenaring to handle this strata of sand,
which It is said- pays from $10 to $36 per
ton.
Much 3>eyelopment Work Had Been
Don© When They Lef t, With •
Prospects for an Immense
Clean-Up.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Messrs. Kurtz and Smith
Arrive From Northern
Gold Fields.
RICH PLACER AND
TUNDRA STRIKES
AT CAPE NOME
The directors of the loan association
are: J. W. Phillips of Grayson. Owen &
Co,: wholesale butchers: F. H. Brooks,
cashier of the California. Bank: G. B.
M. Gray, real estate; R. I. Mould. Fire
man's Fund Insurance Company: C. W.
Wilklns, contractor; J. E. Johnston, car
riage manufacturer; D. E. Bortree. dep
uty City Treasurer: J. P. Garlick, prin
cipal of the Lincoln School, and A. J.
Gurnett of.the Union Savings Bank. All
of these are of Oakland. -¦¦¦: ¦::¦- ,
Dewing married the daughter of the
late Dr. S. H. Melvln and moved in a
very exclusive social Bet in East Oak
land. He was an expert accountant and
had done experting for several promi
nent concerns with large Interests. He
was prominent in church and musical
circles and was referred to as a model of
business and personal propriety. His was
a case of infatuation for the races, and
his downfall is the old story of a man
of high standing and otherwise irre
proachable conduct being lured to ruin.
Dewing wa3 not known as a plunger,
but he was a constant attendant at the
track, and his thefts must have been
going on for a considerable period of.
time., for his shortage will amount to be
tween J15.U00 and S.-0.000. Hfe admits to
J15.0OO, and the experting of his books
will n6t be completed so that the actual
shortage will be known until to-morrow
night.
. As secretary of the Building and Loan
Association. Dewing had the receiving of
all money, though he was expected to
make deposits with the Central Bank
each day. But Dewing was such an ex
pert accountant' that he devised a system
of making his books balance, so that he
was able to steal more than $15,000 with
out being detected. His clever system of
hiding his" shortage was stretched to the
breaking point two weeks ago, when the
directors asked him to submit his report.
He pleaded the sickness of hia mother
in-law, the widow of the late Dr. Mel
vin, who was dying, and they gave him
time for that reason." Then a small dis
crepancy was discovered, and a special
meeting of the directors was hastily
called a week ago. and Mr. Dewing re
signed. An expert was put to work on
his books, and R. I. Mould of the Fire
man's Fund Insurance Company was
elected secretary.
No effort has been made to arrest
Dewing, and it is not likely that there
will be any prosecution. Either the
money will be paid back or a compromise
effected with the association. Every ef
fort has been made to hush up the story
of the shortage, owing: to Dewing's prom
inent connections in Oakland. He en-
Joyed the complete confidence of the di
rectors of the association. It is not likely
that he could have taken so much money
without discovery had he not had this.
' On the other hand, Dewing has made
no effort to escape, as he could easily
have done, for the directors have made
no effort to watch him. He la still at hia
East Oakland home. He admits that
there Is a shortage, but positively de
clines to discuss Ft in any way for the
press, upon the ground that he does not
wish to bring any more disgrace upon
his family than is absolutely necessary.
The discovery that A. A. I>ewing, sec
retary of the People's Building and Loan
Association, was short in his accounts
with the association was a great sur
prise to those who know him and are
familiar with his relations and social
standing. The fact that he lost the money
at the races is still more surprising, for
Dewing has hardly been suspected of
plunging on the ponies save by a few
who have seen him at the track on rare
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, June 1.
Took Money From* People's Building
• end Loan Association, of Which
He Was Secretary and
Manager.
He Is Fifteen Thousand
Dollars Short in His
¦ Accounts.
RACES CHOSE
THE DOWNFALL
OF A. A. DEWING
Morris Lubeck, a Pawnbroker, Has
Them Arrested on a Charge of
. • Battery.
Morris Lubeck, a pawnbroker, living at
524 Golden Gate avenue, swore- to com
plaints in Judge Cabaniss' court yester
day for the arrest of his son Adolph and
his brother-in-law, Jacob Green, on the
charge of battery. They were arrested,
and gave cash bail for their appearance
in court: • . •"
Lubeck said that some time. ago. he
transferred his property in .trust to his
son and his brother-in-law, and that since
then they have been trying to get entire
possession of it- They beat him in his
pawn shop on Sixth street Thursday
morning, and that night renewed the at
tack at his home on Golden Gate avenue.
They pounded him over the head, with a
cane till his head and face were covered
with blood. He went, to the Receiving
Hospital and had the wounds dressed.'
The defendants allege that the old man
was beating his wife, and when they in
terfered to protect her he showed fight.
They denied that they had defrauded him
of his property. ' ' \
Boer Mass Meeting.
A mass meeting will be held in Metro
politan Temple to-night by sympathizers
of the Boers, for the purpose of express
ing sympathy for the brave meii of the
Transvaal. M. F. Tarpey will preside.
Speeches will be. delivered ; by Dr. Max
!Ntagnus. Rev. 'T. Caraher, P. von Loben
Sels. Colonel J. Jv Tobin. RobertP. Troy,
Thomas Pinther- and • James Hi Barry.
Messages will also be read from promi
nent members of the. Senate and Congress,
from the Boer peace envoys and from Dr.
Fredrick Muller and Dr. W, J. Leyds.
Embassadors from the South African re
public In Europe. > • .-.
BEATEN BY HIS SON
AND BROTHER-IN-LAW
F. W. Dohrmanri. president: A. S. Baldwin.
first vice president: Josedn -D. Grant, second
vice president, and. Frank J. Symmes. treas
urer.
The three standing committees for the
ensuing year as appointed by President
Dohrmann are as follows:
Public affairs — Edward B. Pond (chairman).
Joseph D. Grant, A.' J. McNicoll, Marshal Hale,
Frank J. Symmes.
Publicity and promotion— Charles Bundschu
(chairman), Hugo D. Ketl, Edward H. Mitchell,
Andrew M. Davis. W. P. Redington. ..
Trade and finance — Huco Rothschild (chair
man), Andrew M. Davis. C. S. Benedict. Frank
J. Symmes. Foster P. Cole. . • •¦; - •¦
The following twelve new members were
elected: • •. " . . • .:;.'
J. H. Babbitt. J. Brett & Co.. Chatx & Ber
nard. M. A. C. Christensen. J. M. Foce. Her
bert B. Maergs, G: P. Rixford. : Shlels Estate
Company, John C. Schleck. W. A. Schrccfc.
Schleslnrer ; & Bendfr and Sterett Printing
Company, making ' the total membership at
Jiresent 1197. •
Merchants' Association Elects New
Officers and Takes in Twelve . \
• v New Members.-
The new board of directors of the Mer
chants* Association met yesterday and or
ganized by electing the following officers
for the ensuing year: •,'..,
DOHRMANN IS AGAIN .
CHOSEN PRESIDENT
we hereby' tender our sincere thanks to all
who assisted in making Memorial day. May
30, 190O. a success, and to Colonel Charles Ru
ton, grand marshal, and Comrades R. II. War
fteld. Henry C. Dibble. John L. Boone. Mrs.
Xellle Holbrock-Blinn. his Honor Mayor James
D. Phelan, Hon. Frank McGowan, F. Cook
Caldwell, and last; but not least, to Comrades
¦E. Si Salomon and J. Murray Bailey, the effi
cient chairman and secretary of the general
committee. ' . .. ¦ . ' ;< .
Resolutions Passed at the Final Meet
ing of the Memorial Day
Committee.
The final meeting of the Memorial day
committee was held last evening. Reports
from the various sub-committees were
submitted and Itemized lists of expendi
tures were turned in to the finance, com
mittee, to Be ratified by the appointees of
the city. Two resolutions were adopted,
one of particular and one of general in
terest. They are as follows:
¦ Whereas, We note with unfeigned pleasure
and patriotic sympathy the action of the Cali
fornia 'Society of American Wars requtrlnsc its
members to Kreet the American flac with' un
covered head whenever It is borne, as the em
blem of the reuuhlic: now. therefore, be it.
Resolved. By the Memorial day -committees,
of the year A. D. 1900 of the six posts of the
G. A.- R, of the city and county of San Fran
clsco, Cal.. that as the defenders of the flag in
the war for the Union from 1561 to 1SK. we
most heartily endorse -and ratify the said pa
triotic- action and aeree to reverently observe
the custom, and will recommend to our posts
of the Grand Army Its observance by veterans
of our order upon all appropriate opportuni
ties and suitable occasions.
Resolved.. By the representatives of the six
G. A. R. posts In final meeting assembled, that
confer the degrees. The officers installed
last night: Hugh IV de Gear, president;
W. Lundy, vice president; H. w. Street,
recording secretary;: K. K. McLaughlin.
financial secretary; H W. Heutcheroft.
treasurer. The roll of the new lodge was
sife-ued by 125 men. After the Installation
ceremonies last night the members of the
Cornice MakersV Union were banqueted by
the Sheet Iron and Metal Workers.
VETERANS TO PAY MORE
HONOR TO THE OLD FLAG
report is true it will have no effect on the
war, which will be carried on with un
abated vigor. They say General Mas
cado. will probably succeed Agutnaldo.
The only other likely candidate is General
Pio del Pilar, a brother of General Gre
gorio del Pilar. who. was killed in the
lijrhtm? in North I^uzon some months ago
The Filipinos admit the possibility , of
strife over the election of a .successor to
Agujnaldo, as the Tagals of education and
those of Spanish leanings are. divided
Each party wants to govern the country
and this may lead to dissensions.
REBELS ACTIVE,
BUT MEET WITH
SPEEDY REPULSE
Bands Dispersed and iHan:
\dreds of Pead;Leffon. /
B«presentative8 of tho Insurgents
:. '/'Exprsss Their Views " Upon . 3e
-. .-'cent Report From Kanila.
Ep^cial Dispatch to The Call.
yTEW YORK, June 1.— The Sun has the.
following "' from London: Filipino repre-
Wntatives here express no surprise at thfe
report of the death of Aguirialdo. Though
they have received no confirmation of tho
Btory, they think the cable di.-patch of
yesterday probably true. They say they I
knew that for the l«u»t three months I
Aguinaldo had been in the noisrhborhoiJd I
of San Miguel and San Matoo. They al.«=o
say that he has been in Munila without
being r«H*oE7iized by the authorltio?.
The riliplnos declare that even If the-
FILJPINGS BELIEVE : W|
Vv/i.SAGUlNALDO WAS. SHOT
• •April li—rln a fight near Xueva Caceres
i'nittd. States troops (.Forty-Jiith Infantry
and KfehWr's Pattery) killed two insurg
tnt- o'flictrs- and seventy-nine men. One
• ehell. .k;!'.».-'i seven. Many of these in
,tuf£ex:ts wore " hemlets, tliirt«> and
*?i;ieltiis jflade cut ot dried cariboo hide.
April' IS — Xear. the town of Peli our
.•t'fpV'ps: killed two rebels, and a few days
. IT : Jv:wus't&this Captain Mountfort of tho
.V'jri-y-tifth captured $4775 rebel funds. One
. piaj.ir> one captain : and seven rebel sol
¦Vdteraf. were captured to-day near Nueva
Caceres.. - • . ' '-¦"¦. :•: r. ¦•.•-.
. April lWVe had two men wounded be
tveeh Nuova (?aoeres and Pflt We killed
-'several 'of the rebels. The exact number
;yras not, learned!- . '- ' ¦¦¦' •' • -. •
. perhaps the t>est example of the rebels'
-activity and the way the Americans deal
with them is given In the recent report
•/Inom-" lieutenant Colonel Howze of the
.-¦£4ih. in. which he describes the recent
.r:g-hling'in the province of North Ilocos.
¦'On' April 16 Lieutenant Duncan of the
Tnirty-fourth, with eight men, met 300
' i:>»-v!rpents, and after a short fight re
tujnyd ta.Batacand reported to Colonel
: 'Howze. CoJoncl Howze . withdrew his
• troops from the. town.- and when the in
.'iXiTg'ciits. entered he surrounded the place.
JL .n'£-ht ensued in .which ISO Filip-lnos were
'.kflitAl. .. ;.The pfBcial report of Colonel
.Howze reads: "' . . '¦¦• ' ¦ .. ¦'
'.. t 'The -attack on P.atac. April 16, was
'•prec'tpita-jetj by. tnree causes — the impris
or.mvfjt of several -insurg-ent leaders, CTap
•'taln ,L>o(!li1Ts punishment of.the rebels tlio
<jay 'pjievious, when lifty-six -were-kiHofl,
£«id;Xfc.«tenan-t -Dunran's attack on. the
ciiptay- that .sarce Biorning. Duncan met
ttb*n»' tn' the .iooihiils ahd w-ith , : eifilit men
¦.dispersed: 3l<>,: ofjrhom .seventy ; had : rifles*
! Ht- ki'U. : d tweptyr-nine eiid. capfured itweh
:ty-;wo; • lie * xkausted his- ainmuiUUOti
: -ahd. '.fell" back; 4i£hting. ; . dll the -way. to
.'•Put-ac; w'htre' .Captain H0;lLlns prepared for
tb*- • -lnsurg-ehts, ".'¦ •"¦ ¦•' . .-¦", -':¦.;
• •¦"\^en-.''tlie -iRSurg-ents • reachM • Batac
.t.ii< : ir force had increased to Fix or seven
'.J.;; :;'!r«-d. .who rrade a determined atfje'v.
.3r».a? necessary, for our troops to charge
"T.h«.:*-iic-niy - . In their positions and two
.Amrricaiis were.JkJlled and three wounded.
At titn*--s the lighting was hand-to-han J
¦^:.«V..th<j '[:. desperation -.of- fanatics .was
£hoini by the onemy. By a forcied march
L:'« --mu nant . Thaler, with : twenty-five cav
•mixrtato and ammunition, reached Batac
:^t i:4o pj m. . A! 4 p. m. the enemy with
c;t.w. but were gTeatly reinforced.. They
tit fira to the town and under cover of
'. tl.e der.?e smoke fought, stubbornly. At
i:S0 p. m. Lieutenant Haight with Troop
..L Krt the Third CavaJry arrived and the
-tnemy was soon driven off. Their losses
v.-re 10% killed -and wounded and 11 pris
<jiier«. .'V ¦:•'-:" ' , : - : '..< .
: This srame Hay Captain French with 120
n;»--n met the enemy near Vlntor and killed
i-i. On April 17 200 natives, 20 of whom
w<tc an&ed with rifles • and the- balance
*-r*Jl t>jolos ' and clubs, entered the town of
!<--aa« to- attempt an uprising. We killed
4/ara-.caf)turc<3 80 and drove the' balance
<-«t of the town. ¦ ; ; .-',-'
The tufai of the enemy killed In North
fioo-i £<r<.,v:riceln three days !s given at
533,'-, This does not Include the Woucded,
whirh crawled away into the hrush.
The iptoiisland steamer Belgika. owned
l)>- a ¥"r<-rich trading- company, of which
M. Andre, !J«?.l-srJfcn Consul at Manila, is
presid/istj has bi-en fined X.tO,'*^O for block
afle running. ¦;¦ ¦ : .
Kit.- tsnlpaded.^ cargo of rk-e at Hindang
and paid :th4 insurgents for a cargo of
Iiemf>.;.i ; ;.I^ is ; a-s»ii» rt»Kl that the practice of
>V5!«iin&A-c&nart!jinle&tion with the rebel
i*;rce i»;<iuite -common, and that there ara
tithtr- ir;ariysT«-i>.sors. .-• -..-. . •
A j>arty cif n:?n«j-» who; left Manila early
In the Southern Islands has
T*t">» -rajituredthy -rebrls. About .April 3.
'5f2«:-:TTJ:;4nri >ra,rris:on at Maasim, on I.#yte
lsl>.fid; h?ard" that...a small party of Amer-
Joans. . :WTfe approactiing In a rowboat.
:Thc Filipinos at .once se.nt out an armed
. cai>o^ \tt>v : !«<>k-fpT the stranfrers. and when
tji-^y £o\mil tlifra'. ordtr^d them to halt.
Tfie F.isrftinoris. wr.s disregarded and the
two -'Ji(uitload9' -.of armed men proceeded
to tnrhAcge:. shots until or.e of the Amer
icans jn-p'u.n'ded. Tlie Americans then
c.tyrre.fed.er«sd.V:.a^ter throwing overboard
•tjifcir jtuns ;and ; ammunition. There were
?-ix ' Trier, in. the party. . They were con
veyc-$ under strong guard to the interior
of r.iAJytp. whore they are still- prisoners.
lt*»:iia*il<» ¦ news. oomes from Northern L.u
s-ir. that two prospectors had been mur
£t't<-<l *>y: the Igo.rrote tribesmen. The na
ilyt. rnuyor of thff village of Santa Rosa
:s ?ai'3 : -to- have- Instigated the -crime and
K'f^anift; ."possessed of th/» men's, money
¦HCi'i atyns:"-. ¦••¦¦/ .-.-: = .
-¦'.'Sloffi. lor I*is5« VirganlzM parties Of pros
j>--cti3rs-".Ere- U-aring- Manila month
iJiid K; turning .v:ith tales of the hardships
they b-ave .pufl>.red. but there is little evi
:*iet)<<i.<if: any >>r thr-m having found gold
Ift t>aylng quantit j«s. • •
.T^yanlla 'Da'supan Railroad has been
.WUMed-'OVer to its English owners, who
mf&.BSyr DpcxaQas it. When- the road was
.'jnd-er. ;.. military, co-n'trol American engi
.ijjtrer^-fircnien ¦. and torakemen were in-
Sta;li*d anxi paid American wages In gold—
fftriebgihorr.^firr,, firemen $00 and brake
jr.^n :?<l> per m«uith. The firm act of th«»
JSpr&Bfii owners was to dlschfirge th«»e
hierh-pr1c«d American tmpjov-^s .and " en
gagif:-haiivos, who aro paid, respectively,
$4<VCW.aRd CO a month in Mexican money.
•• : •MANILA,' P. L, May -L-The . last two
•tyecks have, seen a : general. fcprea,d of rebel
.activity throughout Luzon and .even, into
"; the .'othfc'r Islands;, which has beeri sharply
'.{ ffsfct ; '_Uy. - immediate retaliation. The reb
¦\"jjs have -attacked by day and by. night
..several of.the 2G7 towns, we erarrison. .
.: Over three hundred Filipinos were killed
¦bj".trooi>s <>"f 'General YoUuet's' command in
.Nur'th: ; li*)cos prorince during throe days'
: ha^d fighting laFt week. Over a hur.clred.
:A\ ; er.c fcilWti. down in'the.X_';unarhios prov
¦ -indifS-.Utid^r General Bell' und at least* fifty
.'*e're ; killed in their " recent attack 'upon
'Oagayan- <ie ."'.:¦ ..:;::-¦ In Northern itinda
-Five" hundred .dead': Filipinos would- be a
• conservative e* timato or their losses in.
.. the- iiast ¦filtetf'n idays asid a number of 1
.. tf.nKiller. engagements that ' have pasted :
; "uuiioiic^d'.wtiulti bring the total up to a.t I
¦•Jeast' : &J < £ ...A remarkable feature is that |
curing; thi? lighting, which fruited in this (
: ;hj*ayy loss -to th^ rebels,' the Amt?rican. >
f'-jtW have' not- had more than six. menl
Iviiltd und.iiHe«»n wounded.'- The follow- I
. iiig: notta». from : --the diary, of an otticer
•ilbvfn -In '.N'ucva Caceres; in.' North Catria
i'fci.Cs- province, 'will *how what has been
gpiKg.yn In that- Ideality: . .. • ' '
: April .'-y-rPnvate '. Richard ' lsenbacfc,
/Company- K^ K-Oity-iJl'th . Infantry, was'
ruuf acred by a bolo man, who has been
; capt.ored.' .:--.'¦
-' April • 10r-i-Lieutenant Stuirman, Forty
' Jil'-t-h, attacked -the rebels eight miles from
• Xwt-va Cacerfea and killed three. • •
••Aps-il. li— lii's-jigt-nts burned half the
.¦town '.6t .San Kernandu in South Can^r
lzies, and two jripanish merchants of that
town -are- .missing-. . They were probably;
taken Vrisoners. Three' of the incendiax
-its. w<re kil!ed : i"h town and Lieutenant
J:j!oiv. who pursued the- remainder, killed
•eey*n..mbre.- '. - ' • -• ¦"¦
Cunmj>utMntc*/'dt: Asssoejated . Press;
One- Instance Whertin : Eight Ameri
¦ ' cans TJnder Lieutenant Dtihcan:
: ; '.; ; Put Three fiiindred Insiir- .. *' ;
¦••'.:.'-'¦• ., Rents'- to'Tlight .. : ¦ •¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 2, 1900.
WASHINGTON. 'June 1.— The Senate to
day agreed to amendments to the Mili
tary Academy bill, making General Miles
a lieutenant general and General Corbin
a major general- ¦ 3*0*508
11
Military Prisoners Attempt to Escape From Alcatraz
THE SUNDAY CALL /^yy/^y^
LEADS THEM ALL. y^^^^^^^
AAxi JUNE 3. 1900. V///
EVERY I How I Saved the Life of —
PAGE 1 Porfirio Diaz. — —
1 ,; By a. k. coney. LEADING
EVERY a ~ ' ~~" ~~
__| A San Franciscan's Experiences at the ILLUS-
STORY | P«ii. Exposition. TDATrn
— --| : By COL H. L KOVALSKY. J IKAI ED
EVERY 1 — • — ' — •'
— — I What the Interior of the California Bead- ' SUNDAY
LINE quarters in Paris Locks Like.
: j From photographs taken specially r Ar Lit
. . : I :. for the Sunday Call. ¦
WILL — : I OE
.i, T i-r,r-^ Thrilling Adyentnres in the Police Dept.
INTEREST i • . -- : ; -::-. , j yjj£
§ Row I Trained a ttoakey U Act. — — ;
YOU. I : . ,..- By FERRIS HARTMAN. } WEST.
J 7 1 ' The Statues in : | America's Most . \~
I the Park Museum. I Bemtiful Building:. Wv
1 Bui'ding Boats for the Nayj. vSa\\
//////:% B T PHILIP HICHBORN, U. S. N. VoSvvVN
v/yy/yA books, fiction and » of interest >oosX\x\
\//yyyyy\ to: women." ' vO«ov\\v
EIVE CENTS '^SSNSSNS^^Promotion for Miles.
Customs Inspector i II. G. Phelan was
appointed by Collector Jackson yesterday
as ; discharging inspector In place of j.
Hocking,' resigned. Joseph Wilson was
reinstated as inspector In Phelan's place.
Inspector Eager has received' five months
leave of; absence without pay, and F. A.
Clark- has been appointed temporarily to
nil : the , vacancy.
Custom-House Appointments.
An entertainment and dance will be
given this' evening .for St. John's booth,
ladles' fair, in aid of St. John's Evangelist
parish. The entertainment will be held in
old St. Mary's College Hall and will be
gin at 8:30 p. m. .
For St. John's Parish.
George H. Wolfe of the Building News
arid Review^ secured a warrant from
Judge Cabanfv? yesterday for the arrest
of Augustine Humphrey, his collector, on
the charge of telony embezzlement. In
the complaint it is alleged that . Hum
phrey is short in his accounts to the
amount of $432 25. His peculations ex
tend over eighteen months.
A Defaulting Collector.
The Retail Grocers' Protective Union
will hold Its twenty-ninth annual picnic
at Schuetzen Park to-morrow.' Innumer
able prizes have been presented to the
committee and these will be presented to
holders of lucky gate checks, athletes and
marksmen. There will be races of all
kinds, bowling and shooting.
Retail Grocers Will Picnic.
Grocer's Son Missing.
Henry Tonjas. the 11-year-old son of J.
Tonjas, a grocer at. the corner of Union
and Mason streets, has been missing from
his home since Thursday at noon. The
bov accompanied his grandmother to the
ferry and did not return to his home.
His parents believe he. wandered along the
water front and in some manner fell into
the bay and was drowned.
Myer Brothers Compromise Their Dif
ferences With the Men and Boy
'S - cott Is Removed.
The difficulty which has existed for sev
eral months between the labor unions and
Meyer Brothers has at last been amicably
adjusted. A compromise was signed on
Mav 20 and the boycott against the firm
rernoved. The union clonkmakers are jubi
1 lanf more especially as M. Friedman has
also withdrawn his orders from the house
of M. Slmonoff pending a settlement .of
the trouble between that firm and the
labor unions. v
The boycott on the shoe firm of O. M.
Kutz & Co. ¦ has .warmed up sufficiently to
throw the case into court, where the right
of a labor union to issue and maintain a
picket notifying the public not to patron
ize an unfair house will be tested. The
Labor Council has promised to stand by
Secretary Rosenberg in his fight. Hence
forth all boots and shops made by union
shops will- carry the union stamp.
At a meeting of the Journeymen Plas
terers held at 927 Market street last night
a journeyman's union was formed exclu
slve of the contractors' association. Thir
ty-five members were Initiated. D. Ahearn
was elected president and J. Garderser
secretary. The unanimous sense of the
meeting was to become affiliated with
the Building Trades Council as soon as
practicable. A motion to adjourn- until
¦Wednesday evening at the same place
prevailed. • ' , ¦¦ ...
The newly organized lodge of Amalga
mated Sheet Iron and Metal Workers met
In regular session at SOD Market street
last night and witnessed the Installation
of its first officers. The work was done
by the Cornice Makers' Union, which sent
thirty men to perform the ceremonies and
UNION LABOR WINS :
A PARTIAL VICTORY
Word has 'been received -here of the
death at Brooklyn. N. Y., on the 29th ult..
of Bernard Ryan, formerly a well-known
Callfornian. The deceased was 62 years of
age. He was a- member of local Lodge
No. 65, Coopers' International Union, and
of Garfield Post, Grand Army of the Re
public. Tho interment will take place at
the National Cemetery on next Sunday
at 1p.m.
Death of Bernard Ryan.
Those Islands to Be Organized' as a
Separate District Under a
Collector.
Internal Revenue Collector- John C.
Lynch received a telegram yesterday from
Internal Revenue Commissioner Wilson
stating that it was not considered practi
cable under the law to consolidate Hawaii
with tho First California district, and that
therefore an internal revenue collector for
the islands will be appointed, who will
execute his bond and qualify before June
14 of this year.
The dispatch stated also that the newly
appointed collector would appoint R. N.
Frick as his deputy to take charge of the
organization of the Hawaiian Island dis
trict. .-Mr.- Frick- is now on his way to
Honolulu with Special Revenue Agent
Burt M. Thomas and Gauger Driscoll.
• Collector Lynch said yesterday that he
was very well pleased with the informa
tion conveyed In the telegram, as the
change of the original plan of the Inter
nal Revenue Commissioner, would relieve
him from a heavy burden of responsibil
ity. It would be a very difficult matter,
he said,: for a collector in San Francisco
to manage the revenue collection system
of the Hawaiian Islands. ,
LYNCH NOT TO HANDLE
REVENUES OF HAWAII
The suit of the Samuels Lace House
versus N. J. Brlttan for $141 15, the value
of goods furnished to the latter's di
vorced wife, was on trial yesterday in
Justice Groezinger's court. Brlttan testi
fied that he had served notice on the
Lace House not to give his former wife
credit. Judge Groezinger postponed his
decision, as a similar case is before the
Superior Court on appeal.
Liability of a Wife for Debt.
Struck by a Cobblestone.
Louis Radovich, living at 205 Third
street, while passing Howard and Tre
mont streets yesterday afternoon was
struck by a cobblestone hurled by some
unknown person. The stone struck him
on the left arm, fracturing that member.
Radovich visited the Receiving Hospital,
where the fracture was reduced by Assist
ant Police Surgeon Morrison.
Violet Brooks, a woman of the tender
loin, and Herbert E. Raynes, her friend,
were held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Mogan yesterday on a
charge of grand larceny. The woman's
bonds were fixed at $2000 and Raynes' at
J4000. On the night of May 22 they met
R. T. Clifton of 150 Steuart street In a
dive and took him to a house on Turk
street, where they put knock-out drops
in his liquor and robbed him of $35.
Drank Knock-Out Drops.
The State Veterinarian yesterday noti
fied the Board of Supervisors that there
are several cases of alleged glanders In
this city, with a request that they, be im
mediately Investigated.
Suspected Cases of Glanders,
-Petitions in insolvency were filed yester
day In the United States District Court
as follows:' I»w Hung, doing a mercan
tile business in Sonora. Tuolumrte County,
under the firm name of Hop Sing & Co..
liabilities $692S X), assets $1200. Robert
Wescoe Theobald, a farmer residing in the
town of Alameda: liabilities $6373 66. assets
$2P0O. Mary Edna Mandeville. merchant.
Stockton; liabilities $509 77. no assets. E.
William Morgan, merchant. . San Fran
cisco; liabilities *23Z1 32. no assets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
McGlade's defense occupied but a few
minutes during the afternoon. At the
opening of the-mornlng session C. S. Der
ham, T. B. McGlnnls, C. Rels and D. J.
Leary were called by the prosecution to
testify as to the peregrinations of a sal
ary warrant, many of which, it is alleged,
McGIade forged prior to Its reaching the
hands of the person making the demand
on the treasury. Charles True 'testified
that he saw "McGlade sign warrants
scheduled as Nos.- S6, S7 and SS, which it
is alleged were forged documents so far
as the name of the claimant for salary
was concerned. Charles J. Cody, detect
ive, and I. W. Lee.s, ex-Chief of Police,
were called to tell the story of McGlade's
arrest. The prosecution then •closed.
Attorney T. J. Lennon, who represents
the accused, immediately called his client
to the stand. McGIade briefly denied that
he had forged any documents. The cross
examination was just as brief, and as far
as the evidence went the jury was in
possession of the facts of the case.
Attorney Wise opened the argument for
the people, T. J. Lennon followed for the
defense and -Assistant District Attorney
Deuprey closed. The jury was charged,
and Just before 5 o'clock retired to delib
erate on a verdict.
Being unable to agree on a verdict the
Jury was locked up at 10:30 o'clock last
night. Judge Cook announced that unless
a verdict was reached at the time of the
opening of the court this morning he
would discharge the jury.
The jurors are: F. L. Guntz, 8 City
Hall square; B. Grove, 2121 Pacific av
enue; R. J. Hancock. 923 Broderick; Clar
ence Musto, 705 Battery; E. A. Sachs,
615 Leavenworth; J. B. Williams, ¦ 142
Fourteenth; F. E. Shafer, 3071 Twenty
third; Harry F. McGurron, 1398 Market;
Frederick Dieling, 953 McAllister; John
Corbett. 1014 Lombard; Adolph Hlller, 421
Chestnut; M.' E. Willis, 804 Eddy.
The Twelve Are^ Locked Up for the
Night After Deliberating for
Several Hours.
The case of the people against Peter
McGlade was submitted to the jury last
evening. The .twelve men who listened to
the testimony and arguments seem
to be preparing for a disagreement. They
did not return a verdict last night and
were placed under lock and key until this
morning.
M'GLADE'S CASE IS
SUBMITTED TO JURY
NEW YORK, June l.-The Times to
morrow will publish the following:
In order to secure the passage of a bill
in Congress known as the "classification
bill" every postal clerk in New York, Chi
cago. Philadelphia, San Francisco, Pitts
burg and Baltimore was asked yesterday
(Friday) to give $10 out of the salary re
ceived for the month of May to be usod
in pushing the bill. New York City alone
has 1500 clerks and if all paid they would
contribute $15,000 to the fund, which is ex
pected to amount to at least $60,000. Tho
clerks were assured that the bill would
become a law by June 10 if the fund was
promptly raised.
It was the opposition of sonie of the
clerks to the payment of the sum de
manded which caused the disclosure of
the fact that such a fund was being
raised. According to Postmaster Van C«Ut
this disclosure may cause the removal of
a number of men who have been actively
engaged In raising the legislative fund.
The national president of the postal
clerks' organization admitted, last night
that such a fund was being raised.
Contribution in Order to Influ
ence Legislation.
Sought to Boise a FuncUby Asking
MANY POSTAL CLERKS
MAY BE DISMISSED
JOSEPH CAULFIELD and Michael
Tracy, two military convicts now
confined in a dungeon at • Alcatraz
Island on a bread and water diet, have
just passed through an adventure of at
tempted escape full of desperate chances
and signalized by an utter disregard for
personal safety. That they did not perish
in the waters of the bay was due only to
the timely discovery of a guard and a
• change of mind on the part of the prison
1 breakers.
| This Is not the first attempt made by
; Caulfield and Tracy to escape paying the
I penalty imposed upon them for violation
of army regulations.
At Nagasaki the two prisoners escaped
from the transport Mcade and "enjoyed"
a taste of freedom for six days. Half
clothed and half-fed they roamed about-
I the hills, but were finally overtaken by
I the authorities and brought back to the
ship and brought to this city.
Before the Meade steamed into the
Golden Gate the pair of convicts had
I planned another escape. .They had liled
! the bars of one of the port holes, depend
< Ing upon thrir ability as shimmers to
! breast the waves to a haven of liberty on
! the north beach of this city. But disap-
I pointment was their measure in this con
l templated break for freedom. The Meade
| anchored near Angel island just at dusk
! nnd the attempt was abandoned.
1 The last unsuccessful venture occurred
I on the night of May 28. -The soldier pris-
I oners had been thrown into one of the
! cells in the island prison through which
; an unused chimney was built. The top of
! the chimney had been closed by a board
j capping nailed to the roof and over which
: a tarpaulin covering had been placed.
1 This was removed by means of .a ham
mer, a jimmy and a knife that had been
Caulfield was a private in Company I
Fourth United States Infantry. He was
tried in Manila for disobedience of orders
and sentenced to fifteen years' imprison
ment. Later ten years of the sentence
was remitted. He Is oniy 21 years of ag-e
Tracy was a member of CompanyM, Six
teenth United States Infantry. He was
convicted of assault with Intent to kill
and sentenced to eight years. He had
been in the army seventeen months and
is 20 years of age. He Is from Phila
delphia.
Out on the dark waters of the bay the
two desperate men worked their way With
their Improvised paddles and an oppor
tune float. For several hours they ex
erted every effort to work their way
toward the city, but they got caught in
an eddying current and could make no
headway.
Drenched to the skin, their strength
spent by their arduous labors, they were
discovered by a guard at 4 a. m. just as
the day was dawning. At this time they
were floating hopelessly in the swirling
tide, and a few- shots from Guard Jor
gensen wrought a desire on the part of
the convicts to return to their island
prison. After a short time the two men
on the float, landed and were placed in a
dungeon.
When the sentry had gone his rounds
Caulileld and Tracy dropped to ' the
ground dodging the sentries and keep
ing well under cover until they reached
the'bellhouse steps on the south side of
the -island. Here they found a board float
which was moored fast. This they suc
ceeded In cutting adrift. Nothing but
large shingles was at hand, so they
boarded the float, using these as paddles.
converted into a saw. After reaching
the roof the aperture at the top of the
chimney was covered with a blanket in
order to conceal the light from the eyes
ot" the sentry.
Special Plrrafh to The Call.
• SAN RAFAEL, June 1.— The British
Consul General, \V. C. Pickersglll, is ly
ing at his home In this city dangerously
ill with typhoid fever.
His physician. Dr. H. O. Howell, states
that the Consul is doincr as well under
the circumstances as might be expected
nnd that without complications arising
Mr, Pickersgill may soon be out of dan
ger.
Nick Berg Arrested.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL, Juno 1.— Nick Berg, for
whom the authorities have been looking
for some time, to-day surrendered him
self to Constable Agnew. Berg is ac
cused of disturbing the peace of Ike Elg
and wife. Some months ago Berg was
shot and nearly killed on a yacht off Sau
sallto. It was bnlieved at the time that
Elg shot him in some trouble over a wo
man. Berg refused to prosecute or name
his assailant. Since then Elg and wife
have moved to the brick yards and Berg
has repeatedly annoyed them. Elg noti
fied the District Attorney several times
that if Berg did not leave his house alone
he would kill him.
Tobin Elected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MILL VALLEY, June I.— J. F. Tobin
was elected School Trustee to-day over
his opponent, A. L. House. Tho contest
was practically a test between the advo
cates of Incorporation and their oppo
nents. Mr. Tobin represented the "down
towns," who are against incorporation.
CONSUL PICKERSHILL
IS DANGEROUSLY ILL
Princess Aribert of Anhalt Visiting
America, but Traveling
Incognito.
NETV TOKK. June 1.— Traveling incog
nito and attended only by a lady in wait
ing, the Princess Aribert of Anhalt. eldest
daughter of her Royal Highness the
Princess Christiana and granddaughter of
Queen Victoria, arrived in New York on
the Majestic on Wednesday evening! Her
Highness Is now at th<? Waldorf-Astoria,
where she is registered as the Countess of
Munsterburg. and her lady in waiting as
¦Fraulein von Chappins.
It is the first visit tho Princess has made
to America, and her coming has been
known only to a few personal friends of
herself- arid her mother, the Princess
Christiana, who before her marriage to
Prlnre Christian of Schleswig-Holsteln
was the Princr-ss Helena Augusta, second
daughter of tho Queen. The Princess Ari
bert Is her* 1 as a tourist, solely for pleas
ure, and has preferred to remain incog
nito, but as she leaves New York to-mor
row for Washington, where she Is to be re
ceived at the Uritish legation, her Iden
tity can scarcely be kept a secret here
after.
GRANDDAUGHTER OF QUEEN
VICTORIA IN NEW YORK
Fr*e!al Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. June 1.— The observations of
the sun's eclipse, taken after such elab
orate; preparations by the leading scien
tists of. two continents, are pronounced a
failure by Professor Crew of the North
western University. The great question
of the composition of th* sun will he little
nearer solution, says hn, as the result of
the work done at the many stations In tho
South. -"Whether it is a. solid enveloped in
gases, or whether it is all gaseous, or
whether " both, theories are wrong, must
remain just as open a question as It has
been for the. past hundred years.
It will not bo until 3918 that an oppor
tunity will be had in America to repeat
the . observations taken last Monday.
Many who took part in these expeditions
will be gone, and the disappointment,
says Professor Crew, is Intense. The ex
planation he gives for the failure is that
the instruments used were too powerful.
These, instead of giving valuable data, in
most cases left absolutely blank photo
graphic records. In thft seconds during
which the sun was totally eclipsed time
was too precious to trust to the human
eye, and all observations were photo
graphed. The development, of the photo
graphic plates, says Professor Crew, haa
oeen one series of disappointments, and
the work of years and months of prepara
tion is practically wasted."
•
Photographs of the Recent Eclipse
: of the Pun Snid to Be
Failures.
WORK OF ASTRONOMERS
; WAS WITHOUT RESULT
Wh»n the two robbers who were looting
the safe had secured all the money avail
able they joined their two confederates
and with leveled rifles the four marauders
linea up the band of citizens, who stood
with hands held high as ordered, until the
four robbers had backed away into the
darkness and fled. The bank "buiMing is
a total wreck. The loss is estimated at
$"000 in addition to the $1500 secured by th«
robbers, Xo trace of the robbers" has
been .discovered.
Two Men Hold Fifty Citizens at Bay
Wfcile Their Accomplice Ss
cures $1600. ; ';>
DES MOINES. Iowa. June 1.— The safe
I of the Bank of Sheldahl was blown up last
i night by robbers, who secured $1600 and
I eseaped after holding- fifty or more citi
| zcrs at bay with rifles. Shortly after mid
i night a terrific explosion shook the town
! and immediately the inhabitants turned
i out to learn the cause. A glance up the
: main street showed the building of the
! pavings bank to be In ruins and the tim
bers burning. Fifty citizens rushed to
i the place to be met by two rifles in the
I hands of two strangers, who ordered the ra
i to halt. As the ruins burned brighter two
i other strangers were descried looting the
; wrecked safe. The crowd had brought no
j weapons. The two robbers on guard
; threatened death to the man who moved
! from his tracks, and the helpless citizens
; were compelled to witness the robbery of
: their savings without lifting a hand in re
! monstrance.
BOLD ROBBERS LOOT
. BANK IN IOWA TOWN
sympathetic strikes, announced that no
members- of unions affiliated with the
Building 'Trados •Council would be ani
ploy.td. ¦ The strike order Issued to-night
oxeepts workmen employed on conven
tion hall work for such contractors" as
surrender their membership in the Build
ers' Club.
ST. I/»riS. Jun<» 1.— As regards riotous
demonstrations and shedding of blood In
connection, with the strike on- the St.
Louis Transit system, to-day was one of
the most uneventful ¦ since the employes
vyeiit out. only, one name being added to
the list of casualties.
The swearing in of th*> nosse of 2500 citi
zens to aid the Police Department is-pro
trresslng smoothly; up to to-night nearly
MO . men have been engaged. The force
\vi.lj be. organized into squaxis of llfty each.
As. the force increases the number of
squads will be increased and more men
w!H be added to them. When 1000 men
have been sworn In the force will be or
panljted es a regiment, and if the 2500
called for are sworn in there will be two
regiments... Men of known military qual
ifications have boen selected to drill and
command the various companies. •
Order Follows the Lockout Declared
.. by the Organization of Con
/' tractors.
KANSAS; CITY, June 1. — A general
istrike of all the building trades in Kansas
City, effective to-morrow morning, was
ordered at a meeting to-night of the
Jiuildlng: Trades Council. It is said that
over 5000 workmen will be involved. The
strike. order follows the leckout declared
about two weeks ago by the Builders'
Club, an organization of contractors. The
contractors, after continued troubles with
STRIKE IN KANSAS
CITY BUILDING TRADES
VENTURSOME CONVICTS
ATTEMPT AN ESCAPE
Prisoners at Alcatraz Work Them
selves Through a Chimney and
' Ship on a Float
SEATTLE,' June l.-W. C. Kurtz, for
merly .of San Francisco, and Norman R.
Smith, deputy land surveyor at Nome, are
the latest arrivals from Cape Nome, hav
ing reached • Seattle .to-hight on the
steamer. Bertha. • Mr.' Kurtz .and Mr.
Smith left Nome on March 16, with one
team of three dogs and as much provis
ions as they could carry. They traveled
on foot to the Kuskocrulm river, a dls
tance of 450 miles, which they reached on
April 10.. On that date the ice and snow
disappeared from the trail on all save the
higher elevations.
At the Kuskoquim the travelers gave
a Way their dog team and sled, and cast
off their surplus clothing. They deter
mined to find a short cut across the coun
try over rivets 'and mountain ranges to
the coast. _• •
They figured on coming out on a point
opposite Kadiak Island. .Mr. Smith had
mapped out- a route traversing a hitherto
unknown country. The trip Involved all
kinds of hardship and suffering. The
Btory- from Nome brought by the two.
travelers contains facts more interesting
than any recent news received froftx the
new gold camp since the clcse of naviga
tion. Briefly, these are the facts related:
Between 1700 and 2000 miners were at
work along the beach at Nome, for a dis
tance of a dozen miles. The ground was
not frozen so as to prevent mining opera-?
tions, and the result has been that much
development work haa been done, with
prospects for an immense clean up when
the rivers melt In the spring. Prospecting
done in the tundra back of Nome shows
that there are two and three pay streaks
down to bedrock, at a depth of between
thirty and fifty feet.
The deepest pay streak so far has been
the richest; pans being found worth 62
cents. Mining men who have examined
these prospects predict that the tundra
will produce enormous quantities of sola
during the coming season.
A legal- snarl is to be unraveled this
summer by the lawyers reaching Cape
Nome. More than half the richest prop
erties on the beach and creek beds are
involved in litigation, due to the fact
that Jumpers have restaked the best
claims and have sold their alleged in
terests to Innocent, parties.
Probably the most important item of
news brought by Mr. Kurtz and Mr.
Smith relates to the mining operations on
the beach at Cape Nome and norths of.
that place. Mr. Kurtz said to The Call
correspondent to-night: • ...
"There are about twelve miles of beach
claims, which were worked in a desultory
fashion last fall, and which will yield up
millions in gold during the coming sea
son. About four hundred miners win
tered on the beach, of which perhaps la
per cent ' worked continuously. March 1
the miners began striking their tents pre
paratory to the spring and summer work.
When we left Nome there were 1700 min
ers at. work on the beach.
"Between Cripple and Ranny rivers
good prospects were obtained before we
left, ranging from $3 to $7 per pan. The
miners as -a rule have no dittlculty in
working down to bedrock, from which
they drift, following the pay streak.
"Prospecting on the tundra has been
prosecuted to a considerable extent this
winter and usually with gratifying re
sults. Back of the North America
Trading and Transportation Company's
property a big hole was sunk -during the
winter to a depth of forty-seven feet.
Three separate and distinct pay slieaKS
were encountered. The first was four
Inches thick, and was found eight teet
below the grass roots. It averages 5 cents
to the pan.- The second pay streak was
found at a distance of aoout thiuy-tw'o
feet. The pans averaged 16 cents each.
It was at bedrock at a distance of forty
seven" feet that • the • richest pay streak
was found.- Here the pans went as high
as C2 cents. The gold was found in crov
ices in the bedrock. ; Some of those who
helped- sink the prospect hole declared
that this was a false bedrock .and that
greater values would be reached by sink
ing lower. This work was prosecuted be
tween January 15 and March .12. A steam
thawer was used to sink the prospect
hole.
"Near Anvil Mountain, three miles back
of Nome, Marshall Lee and J. A. King
sunk another prospect hole through the
tundra. They went down thirty feet aftd.
encountered pay v dirt running from 40
.cents to. 80 cents per pan."
Kurtz describes conditions in the camp
as promising with one exception, which is
that, owing to disputes over' titles to the
best claims in the district, and including
over half of the centrally located creek,
claim's, the work of development of the
camp will, he says, be put back nearly a
year. Two of the richest quartz strikes in
the history of the camp are reported by.
Kurtz.
The first find was made late in February
by a party headed . by a miner .named
Taylor. They left Nome guided by a na
tive, and traveled for two days into the
Interior in the direction of Port. Clarence.
Here they found a true ledge, from which
they took samples at random. These, be
ing assayed by Assayer Thomas of the
N A. T. and T. Company, gave returns
at $$00 in gold to the ton. The ore is said
to be plentiful in the new district, the
find being the richest jn the way of quartz
"discoveries in the history of the camp.
Another adventurous party of pros
pectors left Nome in the dead of winter
for the headwaters of the Ingelatulek
River, which Rises near the Unalaklik.
The prospectors were headed by two
miners named Jacobsen and Moon, and
the ore ran as high as $400 to the ton. In
vestigations prosecuted by skilled miners
on the beach have revealed the existence
of what is- called a ruby sand, which,
while not profitable to work by the old
rocker, can nevertheless be handled by
large corporations with Improved machin
ery and big pay derived. This ruby sand,
it Is said, extends along the whole length
of tho coast to* Cape York. The mining
companies equipped with machinery are
nrenaring to handle this strata of sand,
which It is said- pays from $10 to $36 per
ton.
Much 3>eyelopment Work Had Been
Don© When They Lef t, With •
Prospects for an Immense
Clean-Up.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Messrs. Kurtz and Smith
Arrive From Northern
Gold Fields.
RICH PLACER AND
TUNDRA STRIKES
AT CAPE NOME
The directors of the loan association
are: J. W. Phillips of Grayson. Owen &
Co,: wholesale butchers: F. H. Brooks,
cashier of the California. Bank: G. B.
M. Gray, real estate; R. I. Mould. Fire
man's Fund Insurance Company: C. W.
Wilklns, contractor; J. E. Johnston, car
riage manufacturer; D. E. Bortree. dep
uty City Treasurer: J. P. Garlick, prin
cipal of the Lincoln School, and A. J.
Gurnett of.the Union Savings Bank. All
of these are of Oakland. -¦¦¦: ¦::¦- ,
Dewing married the daughter of the
late Dr. S. H. Melvln and moved in a
very exclusive social Bet in East Oak
land. He was an expert accountant and
had done experting for several promi
nent concerns with large Interests. He
was prominent in church and musical
circles and was referred to as a model of
business and personal propriety. His was
a case of infatuation for the races, and
his downfall is the old story of a man
of high standing and otherwise irre
proachable conduct being lured to ruin.
Dewing wa3 not known as a plunger,
but he was a constant attendant at the
track, and his thefts must have been
going on for a considerable period of.
time., for his shortage will amount to be
tween J15.U00 and S.-0.000. Hfe admits to
J15.0OO, and the experting of his books
will n6t be completed so that the actual
shortage will be known until to-morrow
night.
. As secretary of the Building and Loan
Association. Dewing had the receiving of
all money, though he was expected to
make deposits with the Central Bank
each day. But Dewing was such an ex
pert accountant' that he devised a system
of making his books balance, so that he
was able to steal more than $15,000 with
out being detected. His clever system of
hiding his" shortage was stretched to the
breaking point two weeks ago, when the
directors asked him to submit his report.
He pleaded the sickness of hia mother
in-law, the widow of the late Dr. Mel
vin, who was dying, and they gave him
time for that reason." Then a small dis
crepancy was discovered, and a special
meeting of the directors was hastily
called a week ago. and Mr. Dewing re
signed. An expert was put to work on
his books, and R. I. Mould of the Fire
man's Fund Insurance Company was
elected secretary.
No effort has been made to arrest
Dewing, and it is not likely that there
will be any prosecution. Either the
money will be paid back or a compromise
effected with the association. Every ef
fort has been made to hush up the story
of the shortage, owing: to Dewing's prom
inent connections in Oakland. He en-
Joyed the complete confidence of the di
rectors of the association. It is not likely
that he could have taken so much money
without discovery had he not had this.
' On the other hand, Dewing has made
no effort to escape, as he could easily
have done, for the directors have made
no effort to watch him. He la still at hia
East Oakland home. He admits that
there Is a shortage, but positively de
clines to discuss Ft in any way for the
press, upon the ground that he does not
wish to bring any more disgrace upon
his family than is absolutely necessary.
The discovery that A. A. I>ewing, sec
retary of the People's Building and Loan
Association, was short in his accounts
with the association was a great sur
prise to those who know him and are
familiar with his relations and social
standing. The fact that he lost the money
at the races is still more surprising, for
Dewing has hardly been suspected of
plunging on the ponies save by a few
who have seen him at the track on rare
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, June 1.
Took Money From* People's Building
• end Loan Association, of Which
He Was Secretary and
Manager.
He Is Fifteen Thousand
Dollars Short in His
¦ Accounts.
RACES CHOSE
THE DOWNFALL
OF A. A. DEWING
Morris Lubeck, a Pawnbroker, Has
Them Arrested on a Charge of
. • Battery.
Morris Lubeck, a pawnbroker, living at
524 Golden Gate avenue, swore- to com
plaints in Judge Cabaniss' court yester
day for the arrest of his son Adolph and
his brother-in-law, Jacob Green, on the
charge of battery. They were arrested,
and gave cash bail for their appearance
in court: • . •"
Lubeck said that some time. ago. he
transferred his property in .trust to his
son and his brother-in-law, and that since
then they have been trying to get entire
possession of it- They beat him in his
pawn shop on Sixth street Thursday
morning, and that night renewed the at
tack at his home on Golden Gate avenue.
They pounded him over the head, with a
cane till his head and face were covered
with blood. He went, to the Receiving
Hospital and had the wounds dressed.'
The defendants allege that the old man
was beating his wife, and when they in
terfered to protect her he showed fight.
They denied that they had defrauded him
of his property. ' ' \
Boer Mass Meeting.
A mass meeting will be held in Metro
politan Temple to-night by sympathizers
of the Boers, for the purpose of express
ing sympathy for the brave meii of the
Transvaal. M. F. Tarpey will preside.
Speeches will be. delivered ; by Dr. Max
!Ntagnus. Rev. 'T. Caraher, P. von Loben
Sels. Colonel J. Jv Tobin. RobertP. Troy,
Thomas Pinther- and • James Hi Barry.
Messages will also be read from promi
nent members of the. Senate and Congress,
from the Boer peace envoys and from Dr.
Fredrick Muller and Dr. W, J. Leyds.
Embassadors from the South African re
public In Europe. > • .-.
BEATEN BY HIS SON
AND BROTHER-IN-LAW
F. W. Dohrmanri. president: A. S. Baldwin.
first vice president: Josedn -D. Grant, second
vice president, and. Frank J. Symmes. treas
urer.
The three standing committees for the
ensuing year as appointed by President
Dohrmann are as follows:
Public affairs — Edward B. Pond (chairman).
Joseph D. Grant, A.' J. McNicoll, Marshal Hale,
Frank J. Symmes.
Publicity and promotion— Charles Bundschu
(chairman), Hugo D. Ketl, Edward H. Mitchell,
Andrew M. Davis. W. P. Redington. ..
Trade and finance — Huco Rothschild (chair
man), Andrew M. Davis. C. S. Benedict. Frank
J. Symmes. Foster P. Cole. . • •¦; - •¦
The following twelve new members were
elected: • •. " . . • .:;.'
J. H. Babbitt. J. Brett & Co.. Chatx & Ber
nard. M. A. C. Christensen. J. M. Foce. Her
bert B. Maergs, G: P. Rixford. : Shlels Estate
Company, John C. Schleck. W. A. Schrccfc.
Schleslnrer ; & Bendfr and Sterett Printing
Company, making ' the total membership at
Jiresent 1197. •
Merchants' Association Elects New
Officers and Takes in Twelve . \
• v New Members.-
The new board of directors of the Mer
chants* Association met yesterday and or
ganized by electing the following officers
for the ensuing year: •,'..,
DOHRMANN IS AGAIN .
CHOSEN PRESIDENT
we hereby' tender our sincere thanks to all
who assisted in making Memorial day. May
30, 190O. a success, and to Colonel Charles Ru
ton, grand marshal, and Comrades R. II. War
fteld. Henry C. Dibble. John L. Boone. Mrs.
Xellle Holbrock-Blinn. his Honor Mayor James
D. Phelan, Hon. Frank McGowan, F. Cook
Caldwell, and last; but not least, to Comrades
¦E. Si Salomon and J. Murray Bailey, the effi
cient chairman and secretary of the general
committee. ' . .. ¦ . ' ;< .
Resolutions Passed at the Final Meet
ing of the Memorial Day
Committee.
The final meeting of the Memorial day
committee was held last evening. Reports
from the various sub-committees were
submitted and Itemized lists of expendi
tures were turned in to the finance, com
mittee, to Be ratified by the appointees of
the city. Two resolutions were adopted,
one of particular and one of general in
terest. They are as follows:
¦ Whereas, We note with unfeigned pleasure
and patriotic sympathy the action of the Cali
fornia 'Society of American Wars requtrlnsc its
members to Kreet the American flac with' un
covered head whenever It is borne, as the em
blem of the reuuhlic: now. therefore, be it.
Resolved. By the Memorial day -committees,
of the year A. D. 1900 of the six posts of the
G. A.- R, of the city and county of San Fran
clsco, Cal.. that as the defenders of the flag in
the war for the Union from 1561 to 1SK. we
most heartily endorse -and ratify the said pa
triotic- action and aeree to reverently observe
the custom, and will recommend to our posts
of the Grand Army Its observance by veterans
of our order upon all appropriate opportuni
ties and suitable occasions.
Resolved.. By the representatives of the six
G. A. R. posts In final meeting assembled, that
confer the degrees. The officers installed
last night: Hugh IV de Gear, president;
W. Lundy, vice president; H. w. Street,
recording secretary;: K. K. McLaughlin.
financial secretary; H W. Heutcheroft.
treasurer. The roll of the new lodge was
sife-ued by 125 men. After the Installation
ceremonies last night the members of the
Cornice MakersV Union were banqueted by
the Sheet Iron and Metal Workers.
VETERANS TO PAY MORE
HONOR TO THE OLD FLAG
report is true it will have no effect on the
war, which will be carried on with un
abated vigor. They say General Mas
cado. will probably succeed Agutnaldo.
The only other likely candidate is General
Pio del Pilar, a brother of General Gre
gorio del Pilar. who. was killed in the
lijrhtm? in North I^uzon some months ago
The Filipinos admit the possibility , of
strife over the election of a .successor to
Agujnaldo, as the Tagals of education and
those of Spanish leanings are. divided
Each party wants to govern the country
and this may lead to dissensions.
REBELS ACTIVE,
BUT MEET WITH
SPEEDY REPULSE
Bands Dispersed and iHan:
\dreds of Pead;Leffon. /
B«presentative8 of tho Insurgents
:. '/'Exprsss Their Views " Upon . 3e
-. .-'cent Report From Kanila.
Ep^cial Dispatch to The Call.
yTEW YORK, June 1.— The Sun has the.
following "' from London: Filipino repre-
Wntatives here express no surprise at thfe
report of the death of Aguirialdo. Though
they have received no confirmation of tho
Btory, they think the cable di.-patch of
yesterday probably true. They say they I
knew that for the l«u»t three months I
Aguinaldo had been in the noisrhborhoiJd I
of San Miguel and San Matoo. They al.«=o
say that he has been in Munila without
being r«H*oE7iized by the authorltio?.
The riliplnos declare that even If the-
FILJPINGS BELIEVE : W|
Vv/i.SAGUlNALDO WAS. SHOT
• •April li—rln a fight near Xueva Caceres
i'nittd. States troops (.Forty-Jiith Infantry
and KfehWr's Pattery) killed two insurg
tnt- o'flictrs- and seventy-nine men. One
• ehell. .k;!'.».-'i seven. Many of these in
,tuf£ex:ts wore " hemlets, tliirt«> and
*?i;ieltiis jflade cut ot dried cariboo hide.
April' IS — Xear. the town of Peli our
.•t'fpV'ps: killed two rebels, and a few days
. IT : Jv:wus't&this Captain Mountfort of tho
.V'jri-y-tifth captured $4775 rebel funds. One
. piaj.ir> one captain : and seven rebel sol
¦Vdteraf. were captured to-day near Nueva
Caceres.. - • . ' '-¦"¦. :•: r. ¦•.•-.
. April lWVe had two men wounded be
tveeh Nuova (?aoeres and Pflt We killed
-'several 'of the rebels. The exact number
;yras not, learned!- . '- ' ¦¦¦' •' • -. •
. perhaps the t>est example of the rebels'
-activity and the way the Americans deal
with them is given In the recent report
•/Inom-" lieutenant Colonel Howze of the
.-¦£4ih. in. which he describes the recent
.r:g-hling'in the province of North Ilocos.
¦'On' April 16 Lieutenant Duncan of the
Tnirty-fourth, with eight men, met 300
' i:>»-v!rpents, and after a short fight re
tujnyd ta.Batacand reported to Colonel
: 'Howze. CoJoncl Howze . withdrew his
• troops from the. town.- and when the in
.'iXiTg'ciits. entered he surrounded the place.
JL .n'£-ht ensued in .which ISO Filip-lnos were
'.kflitAl. .. ;.The pfBcial report of Colonel
.Howze reads: "' . . '¦¦• ' ¦ .. ¦'
'.. t 'The -attack on P.atac. April 16, was
'•prec'tpita-jetj by. tnree causes — the impris
or.mvfjt of several -insurg-ent leaders, CTap
•'taln ,L>o(!li1Ts punishment of.the rebels tlio
<jay 'pjievious, when lifty-six -were-kiHofl,
£«id;Xfc.«tenan-t -Dunran's attack on. the
ciiptay- that .sarce Biorning. Duncan met
ttb*n»' tn' the .iooihiils ahd w-ith , : eifilit men
¦.dispersed: 3l<>,: ofjrhom .seventy ; had : rifles*
! Ht- ki'U. : d tweptyr-nine eiid. capfured itweh
:ty-;wo; • lie * xkausted his- ainmuiUUOti
: -ahd. '.fell" back; 4i£hting. ; . dll the -way. to
.'•Put-ac; w'htre' .Captain H0;lLlns prepared for
tb*- • -lnsurg-ehts, ".'¦ •"¦ ¦•' . .-¦", -':¦.;
• •¦"\^en-.''tlie -iRSurg-ents • reachM • Batac
.t.ii< : ir force had increased to Fix or seven
'.J.;; :;'!r«-d. .who rrade a determined atfje'v.
.3r».a? necessary, for our troops to charge
"T.h«.:*-iic-niy - . In their positions and two
.Amrricaiis were.JkJlled and three wounded.
At titn*--s the lighting was hand-to-han J
¦^:.«V..th<j '[:. desperation -.of- fanatics .was
£hoini by the onemy. By a forcied march
L:'« --mu nant . Thaler, with : twenty-five cav
•mixrtato and ammunition, reached Batac
:^t i:4o pj m. . A! 4 p. m. the enemy with
c;t.w. but were gTeatly reinforced.. They
tit fira to the town and under cover of
'. tl.e der.?e smoke fought, stubbornly. At
i:S0 p. m. Lieutenant Haight with Troop
..L Krt the Third CavaJry arrived and the
-tnemy was soon driven off. Their losses
v.-re 10% killed -and wounded and 11 pris
<jiier«. .'V ¦:•'-:" ' , : - : '..< .
: This srame Hay Captain French with 120
n;»--n met the enemy near Vlntor and killed
i-i. On April 17 200 natives, 20 of whom
w<tc an&ed with rifles • and the- balance
*-r*Jl t>jolos ' and clubs, entered the town of
!<--aa« to- attempt an uprising. We killed
4/ara-.caf)turc<3 80 and drove the' balance
<-«t of the town. ¦ ; ; .-',-'
The tufai of the enemy killed In North
fioo-i £<r<.,v:riceln three days !s given at
533,'-, This does not Include the Woucded,
whirh crawled away into the hrush.
The iptoiisland steamer Belgika. owned
l)>- a ¥"r<-rich trading- company, of which
M. Andre, !J«?.l-srJfcn Consul at Manila, is
presid/istj has bi-en fined X.tO,'*^O for block
afle running. ¦;¦ ¦ : .
Kit.- tsnlpaded.^ cargo of rk-e at Hindang
and paid :th4 insurgents for a cargo of
Iiemf>.;.i ; ;.I^ is ; a-s»ii» rt»Kl that the practice of
>V5!«iin&A-c&nart!jinle&tion with the rebel
i*;rce i»;<iuite -common, and that there ara
tithtr- ir;ariysT«-i>.sors. .-• -..-. . •
A j>arty cif n:?n«j-» who; left Manila early
In the Southern Islands has
T*t">» -rajituredthy -rebrls. About .April 3.
'5f2«:-:TTJ:;4nri >ra,rris:on at Maasim, on I.#yte
lsl>.fid; h?ard" that...a small party of Amer-
Joans. . :WTfe approactiing In a rowboat.
:Thc Filipinos at .once se.nt out an armed
. cai>o^ \tt>v : !«<>k-fpT the stranfrers. and when
tji-^y £o\mil tlifra'. ordtr^d them to halt.
Tfie F.isrftinoris. wr.s disregarded and the
two -'Ji(uitload9' -.of armed men proceeded
to tnrhAcge:. shots until or.e of the Amer
icans jn-p'u.n'ded. Tlie Americans then
c.tyrre.fed.er«sd.V:.a^ter throwing overboard
•tjifcir jtuns ;and ; ammunition. There were
?-ix ' Trier, in. the party. . They were con
veyc-$ under strong guard to the interior
of r.iAJytp. whore they are still- prisoners.
lt*»:iia*il<» ¦ news. oomes from Northern L.u
s-ir. that two prospectors had been mur
£t't<-<l *>y: the Igo.rrote tribesmen. The na
ilyt. rnuyor of thff village of Santa Rosa
:s ?ai'3 : -to- have- Instigated the -crime and
K'f^anift; ."possessed of th/» men's, money
¦HCi'i atyns:"-. ¦••¦¦/ .-.-: = .
-¦'.'Sloffi. lor I*is5« VirganlzM parties Of pros
j>--cti3rs-".Ere- U-aring- Manila month
iJiid K; turning .v:ith tales of the hardships
they b-ave .pufl>.red. but there is little evi
:*iet)<<i.<if: any >>r thr-m having found gold
Ift t>aylng quantit j«s. • •
.T^yanlla 'Da'supan Railroad has been
.WUMed-'OVer to its English owners, who
mf&.BSyr DpcxaQas it. When- the road was
.'jnd-er. ;.. military, co-n'trol American engi
.ijjtrer^-fircnien ¦. and torakemen were in-
Sta;li*d anxi paid American wages In gold—
fftriebgihorr.^firr,, firemen $00 and brake
jr.^n :?<l> per m«uith. The firm act of th«»
JSpr&Bfii owners was to dlschfirge th«»e
hierh-pr1c«d American tmpjov-^s .and " en
gagif:-haiivos, who aro paid, respectively,
$4<VCW.aRd CO a month in Mexican money.
•• : •MANILA,' P. L, May -L-The . last two
•tyecks have, seen a : general. fcprea,d of rebel
.activity throughout Luzon and .even, into
"; the .'othfc'r Islands;, which has beeri sharply
'.{ ffsfct ; '_Uy. - immediate retaliation. The reb
¦\"jjs have -attacked by day and by. night
..several of.the 2G7 towns, we erarrison. .
.: Over three hundred Filipinos were killed
¦bj".trooi>s <>"f 'General YoUuet's' command in
.Nur'th: ; li*)cos prorince during throe days'
: ha^d fighting laFt week. Over a hur.clred.
:A\ ; er.c fcilWti. down in'the.X_';unarhios prov
¦ -indifS-.Utid^r General Bell' und at least* fifty
.'*e're ; killed in their " recent attack 'upon
'Oagayan- <ie ."'.:¦ ..:;::-¦ In Northern itinda
-Five" hundred .dead': Filipinos would- be a
• conservative e* timato or their losses in.
.. the- iiast ¦filtetf'n idays asid a number of 1
.. tf.nKiller. engagements that ' have pasted :
; "uuiioiic^d'.wtiulti bring the total up to a.t I
¦•Jeast' : &J < £ ...A remarkable feature is that |
curing; thi? lighting, which fruited in this (
: ;hj*ayy loss -to th^ rebels,' the Amt?rican. >
f'-jtW have' not- had more than six. menl
Iviiltd und.iiHe«»n wounded.'- The follow- I
. iiig: notta». from : --the diary, of an otticer
•ilbvfn -In '.N'ucva Caceres; in.' North Catria
i'fci.Cs- province, 'will *how what has been
gpiKg.yn In that- Ideality: . .. • ' '
: April .'-y-rPnvate '. Richard ' lsenbacfc,
/Company- K^ K-Oity-iJl'th . Infantry, was'
ruuf acred by a bolo man, who has been
; capt.ored.' .:--.'¦
-' April • 10r-i-Lieutenant Stuirman, Forty
' Jil'-t-h, attacked -the rebels eight miles from
• Xwt-va Cacerfea and killed three. • •
••Aps-il. li— lii's-jigt-nts burned half the
.¦town '.6t .San Kernandu in South Can^r
lzies, and two jripanish merchants of that
town -are- .missing-. . They were probably;
taken Vrisoners. Three' of the incendiax
-its. w<re kil!ed : i"h town and Lieutenant
J:j!oiv. who pursued the- remainder, killed
•eey*n..mbre.- '. - ' • -• ¦"¦
Cunmj>utMntc*/'dt: Asssoejated . Press;
One- Instance Whertin : Eight Ameri
¦ ' cans TJnder Lieutenant Dtihcan:
: ; '.; ; Put Three fiiindred Insiir- .. *' ;
¦••'.:.'-'¦• ., Rents'- to'Tlight .. : ¦ •¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 2, 1900.
WASHINGTON. 'June 1.— The Senate to
day agreed to amendments to the Mili
tary Academy bill, making General Miles
a lieutenant general and General Corbin
a major general- ¦ 3*0*508
11
Military Prisoners Attempt to Escape From Alcatraz
THE SUNDAY CALL /^yy/^y^
LEADS THEM ALL. y^^^^^^^
AAxi JUNE 3. 1900. V///
EVERY I How I Saved the Life of —
PAGE 1 Porfirio Diaz. — —
1 ,; By a. k. coney. LEADING
EVERY a ~ ' ~~" ~~
__| A San Franciscan's Experiences at the ILLUS-
STORY | P«ii. Exposition. TDATrn
— --| : By COL H. L KOVALSKY. J IKAI ED
EVERY 1 — • — ' — •'
— — I What the Interior of the California Bead- ' SUNDAY
LINE quarters in Paris Locks Like.
: j From photographs taken specially r Ar Lit
. . : I :. for the Sunday Call. ¦
WILL — : I OE
.i, T i-r,r-^ Thrilling Adyentnres in the Police Dept.
INTEREST i • . -- : ; -::-. , j yjj£
§ Row I Trained a ttoakey U Act. — — ;
YOU. I : . ,..- By FERRIS HARTMAN. } WEST.
J 7 1 ' The Statues in : | America's Most . \~
I the Park Museum. I Bemtiful Building:. Wv
1 Bui'ding Boats for the Nayj. vSa\\
//////:% B T PHILIP HICHBORN, U. S. N. VoSvvVN
v/yy/yA books, fiction and » of interest >oosX\x\
\//yyyyy\ to: women." ' vO«ov\\v
EIVE CENTS '^SSNSSNS^^THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 2, ] 900.
12
• •• : ; [ '_: «A-Sf' FRAXCISCO CALL.
- IjrFINESS OFFICE' of The .San Francisco
Call. ¦corner of Market: and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock' *>very rilpht in the year.
¦^ERANCil "^imCES-ffi Montgomery street
corn»r : Oay;- .ripen until 9:S0 p. m. '
¦'"SCO Hayes street; open, until 9:30 p. to. •"
: C33 M^Aiiin^r street; open until 9:30 p. m.
.'..€15 I^ark'in'ftreet;cpeh until S:SO p. m:
:• 1941 Mission vrtreet; -cpen. until 10 p. rn. : •
"»3. Mission /street, -corner Sixteenth: open un-
til 8^ :.m. .'."..¦ " ' : : . • ¦ ¦ ¦
¦: 1PC -.EVeventh ttirei; 'open- until 9 p. in.; ..
; iOSC' Valencia jtreet; j>reri until 9 p. *n;
¦. Northwe'st. -corner Tw-cnty-'Second and Ken-
fm-kr. »*r>jptyr--gp»n' un*l> 9 p. nx."
. : : .'. 3IEETI NO "NOTICES. !
DOnXG^l4QSte;Ke."21C£F. end A. M..;= ft
¦.*lJa*wmlc' Terni'le.-'—^Special meeting -a'\-
'¦¦ Pi:J*DAY;..'June S, 9al rh.. to conduct 7%J\
• brother. WALTHR BETDENFELDT LrVT.
jfTom.fcls.TT-lflence. 2<CS Jaek-on.-t By order
:' .cf tl»e.rfte.-a*T. ' ' . • . : ¦ '- ' -. •'•' ' ; •
. ¦ ¦ ¦•¦,.•:•..¦' J- R- OQLT>f X1TH: Secretary.
XTTKNTION;. -:"vvood-nen. — ' >'.__, ' -5*1
. 5'etnoTisJ Mrvtoett ; and *C^y . ..TK
¦ .decorating -era vea of fie-. _m_\f t _ m _v 9 \-_?n_T\
-. ceswrt neighbors-, r.-nj'- t>» C^^<t^ f m_p_j
rjieidi trjr'f&'-*~*46a*nee of r ™'*h { *'\
" *h>\- "A'oj-lO. SCNDAT. i
¦v,*.sne 5. . 1306. ..Neighbors of the reriou- camps
• «n<l visiting: neighbor* «r» requested to ir.ect
coi-ner.'. 5ev*atii and Market sfe.. at 3; o'clock
•a. .tti..\:t.D tarUcbtater in the occasion.' By
' .-oriier <?t tbee<vnn: It tee. ' ¦: j .
'. .' ..-. .-.- II; :-.L. SPRINGER, Secretary.
PAM ON Lodge No, 2. K. ot. P.— The- : • ' JSaf
oxfiaers' and ' ipcmbers are requested «l. l»i
::'to asfe«mble at Prthlan Cattle, voa "Jao^L.
Market et., on SUNDAY. Jure. 3. IWi. "-SSiFJ
•• at 1 d. m.,' to attend the funeral 'of our late
brother, G. W. KIDR P. C- '^ : .
.-•-¦ .-..•• : F. A, KOEGEL. C C.
: E. B. HARDING. K. of R. & S.
TO the officers and rn«?mt»ers of Terba .<c<B>
DucnvLcHige No. 14. A. O. U. W.— Vou«iJ^
ar* hereby notifted to meet at the lodge- lasi^
r<>om-. Slr>l« buildingf. 32 O'Farrel! Bt.". V - K -*' 1
.at 2.o'cibck.^ m.. SUNDAY, June 3, 1S00. to I
. ttten4 the. f ert-iees dedicating the ashes of our J
; J»te brbtiier, -CARL .*>OWEltS, at the colum-
t-arUl-n. I. Q;-O. T. Cemetery. Hr order.
. FRED RCTHOANGER. Recorder.. .
THE ¦OilsforriJa. Debris ' Co'mrn'jslon, having re-
. ceiyiNj appiicattcrs to mine by the hydraulic
iirtx^fcs- rrom.:Rcbert' Hill, in the Gardners j
\>lr.t rhir.e.. ;rrar Port Wine. Sierra: County. I
tr> A»j>C!=lt Sailinfrs In Sawmill Ravine; from !
:; Charles Hiftoh, tf» the Dry Gulch placer mine,
?• •r.f'ar -plWa'aanl. Valley. El Dorado County, to
.' /!?pe*lt tai^rgs In CUar Creek: from L. Fo*s,
in tbc.*Cvao4c*s-|f*t mine, in Gold I^ake. Mining j
: r-MFtrict. Pierra Ccuntv. i« deposit talllngM in
.-' TA'<><",dchur"k rin>Tne, and frcm. the Golden IT11I !
Mining . Ccmr-tiy. in: the Golden Hili mine, i
r.ear j*&*ve;iy'n. Hutte County, to deposit tall- i
¦' ing- in- a imlne, eiv'f notice that a meeting J
¦ will Le-' held" at rocm T.?. Tiiod bulld'.n-:. . San '
rrar.c;gco. C.&'l...' or. June 11. 1900. at l;30 p. m. j
. ASTltOLOGvI
PROF, a: JLTp5nY^oTKcyrt. rreateft astrol-
crirt aed palmist- in the world; -atlsfactian j
cuaranteed. -.- 1» Powell '.et. ¦ .. ¦
ATl'OaXEIS AT LAW.
i ~-^—_ r^—^-, j i -^-_ \
ADVICE free; divorce law a -pecldty; private; |
no fee -rithoyt surcefn; collections.' G. W. !
HOWE. ,£Ltty..at lav.-. isiP. Market. cor. Stockton, j
K. 'W. KING. SC7 Market St.. room C27; ;all !
cr«>s; no cdvance charges; ca,Il or writer ¦'•".- |
ADVICE free; no charge ur.less succeraf ul. . W.
~. DAVIP50N'. V*7 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. ¦ S. CLARK. Eir.ma Spreckels bids.. 927 Mar-
ket st. : coryultatlcn free; ro fees in advance.
It VI II t Alil.NKI HOT Alii. \Al'Olt.
ROBINSON $5 4-pa-ie! frMing; doer op?ns; firm
an'! Ka>. w. S. BROWN. g»r.. agt.. 4"3 Ellis.
LORD DONCASTHR .....Fee"$15 00
LORD DONCASTER... ...Fee ?l>00
LOr.D DONCASTER.., Fee $15 00
On May JS we received direct from England
tn animal known as LORD DbN'GASTER.
H. e'.re was Palace Ctq? buck of 1S3* and dam
ve- winter cf Doncarter Silver Cup of 1SS3. ¦'
Ke won a rrize every "time he was shown in 1
Krclano". : . ', '.'t'
H» has magnificent shape, ar.d without j
doubt excels overy animal in America in the i
dark rich:.<ss cf his color. For a very limited :
time his tee in stud will be $15. Tou cannct \
get a like service from ~ny buck, that -will 1'-;
ccmijar*- wiih him for less than t50. . If your t-
«ic<-f lack color you should certainly not /fall tc I
breed them to him. ~ : ¦ • ' ' = -' . ¦ [¦¦
CALirORNIA BELGIAN HARE ASS'X !
ALAMEDA. CAL. '
¦-—- - '¦ ' ~ i
BELGIAN HARE..:...,:.....,.
We raise our own hare. ........ :...-
R^merober v»-c will bs at our present place of !¦'
businets till June 16. : As this is simply.' an !•
advertifen.ent of our Riverside Rabhltry :-wc ].-
will -*il at from 15 to 23 per cent off on'-all-*'
pt<^-k. the finest ae well as the cheapest: { '
all Ftrainr. Do*- JS 10 up. bucks *1 50 up. till j
.Tui.e ]6 only; open evening. 27 Valencia St. ,v :
REMOVED :...'....¦.. j
Ftock of Enclish Delgian hares that you eaw ,,
at £22 Mcr.teomery itl to th» •'-¦:' '-. I<
MAKKET-ST. RAnEITRT. • ".'. .'}¦
1833 MARKET ST *....:,..:
TO-DAY TOUR OWN PRICE.. ..TO-DAT i
Your Last Charge to Buy This Stock. f
Huck? scoring by official judre. &--S5H-9--. !
IIUMNKSS CHANCES CONTINUED.
J000 — HOTEL .and restaurant on prominent at ;
old established place; excellent business;- Hire
chance for man and wife. LANE & CO.,
E65 Market.
5200— HOME bakery: living rooms, furnished;
cheap rent. LANE & CO.. £65 Market st
$350— GROCERY, notions, milk and bread; liv-
• Irs room-,; cheap rent LANE & CO., 865
M*.rk-t -t. '
J375 — CANDY and Ice cream parlor; elegant flx-
tur-s. LANE & CO., $65 Market St.
$225— CANDY and ice cream parlor; living
rooms; cheap rent. LANE & CO.. E65 Market
$t50^-GROCERY and bar; fre-h, clean stock;
.trooS va!u-_ LANE & CO., 803 Market St.
A— J1P0; BRANCH bakery, candy, notions; 3
•blocks from Market; 2 sunny living rm-. ; low
rent; estab. many yrs. STENBERG. S3S Mkt.
A— JSr-O; LAUNDRY route clearing $50 a month;
-rood horse and wagon; full Investigation and
trial eolicit-d b-fore buying: -pl-ndid oppor-
tunity. BT.ERNBERG CO., S35 Market -t.
AT a creat bargain— Bakery, canfl7, notions,
-efcool -Tirplie-. c.lr«rs, etc.; good stock and
fixture- ; locat-1 by a school; living rooms.
IK'S Goia-n Oat- ave.
MfXVr-SROCERY end delicacy store; living ras.;
rood location; other business reason for sell-
in-r. fc44. Golden Gate ave., cor. Franklin st
FOR Sale— Price JITS; fruit Ftore In Western
Addition: nice location; horse ar.d wagon; 2
living • room- ; rent cheap; outride route goes
w}th store; reason for selling, party going to
Europe: must be sold by Jun« x 5. Inquire at
' 121714 Scott street, corner Ellis.
MOST ccfttrally located ccrr.er saloon in city;
dorfng Rood business; reasonable; reason for
Ecllir.g:. going to Cape Nome. Box 4316. Call.
WHAT do you think of this? A well-stocked
grocery, bar, bakery, 6 living rooms, fur-
nifhed. S beautiful rooms, with clean, new
furniture and all occupied by the best of ten-
ants, the receipts from which more than pay
the rent of the whole premises, are offered for
$SO0; among the fixtures is a Halwood resls-
.ter that cost $100, a portable oven that cost
more than that and all other fixtures complete
and In excellent order. The place is north-
west corner of Turk and Pierce Ets. •
KERN County oil lands; a chance to get an
interest in 11.000 acres of choice oil lands; buy
now and eet In on the ground floor; these
lands are located In the gre.it oil district- of
McKITTRICK. SUNSET AND KERN RIV-.
ER. Kern County, and belong to the OCCI-
DENTAL OIL COMPANY. Incorporated
under the laws of West Virginia; stock abso-
lutely non-as«eseable: Investlpratlcn solicited.'
D. H. MOSTELLER, Agent,
Room 364. Pftrrctt Building. S. F.
BARGAIN— Saloon In .Santa Cruz; well estab-
lished: finest trade; b-?ar strictest investiga-
tion. Western Land Co-.. 640 Market -t. S. F.
SALOON dclpg good business; wholesale dis-
trict; excellent opportunity. Apply at 501-505
Market st. comer First
BUTCHER bus>ir.e-s for sale; wholesale bills
over $300 per week; no opposition. Particu-
lars at 344 Thirteenth st. _^
LIQUOR store doing good bar and family trade;
in good locality; excellent opportunity. £01-
. 60S-. Market st.
BLACKSMITH shop, stock and tools for sale;
good business. A. DABLE. Martinez.
PARTNER wanted, with $600. in mining enter-
prise; profit enormous. Box 24. 106 Eleventh.
To rer.t — For coal yard, milk depot, etc. ; fine
location; place Is entirely covered and con-
tains 3 Ftall-: rent only $15; water free. In-
quire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614. Call
building. . - . .
$2500 — SNAP; $10 day clear; be Increased: gen-
teel buFiness; downtown: suitable lady or
gentleman: close Investigation solicited. 213
Examiner building.
FRUIT stand to let; 416 Fourth fit: low r«nt.
Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont'gy.
-4,%0— CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living rooms;
acount of sickness. 1111 _Ha ward; no agents.
FOR sale— On account of departure for Nome,
a fruit and canrty business and paying well.
Address box 174S.- Call office.
FOR- sale— Good outside route on morning pa-
per; easy terms. Box 1736, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS f loop yacht 32 feet long. . W. H.
CAMPBELL. Sau-alitc^
FOR- Vale— The Central Hctel In Napa. con-
taining thirty rooms; central location; price
reasonable.'. Address R. CUFF. Napa; Cal.
FOR sale or exchange— Handsome cottage, fur-
nished: bam; Berkeley. Box 17('S. Call office.
WANTED — Bakery or bakery and- coffee raloon;
must be good location. .Bax 2S79. Call.otflce.
COFFEE and tea mutes supplied frr.m GEO.
W,:CASWELL A. CO.. 412 -Sacramento Bt.
CLASSIFIED r.dvertlsments and subscriptions
received P.t Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH 'Office 'Tor Call advertisments and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lenc!a et ¦'.. ¦• ' " _^^_^
WDGI.Vfi-IIOUSES FOIt SALE. .
*S-ROOM comer..:: > $1700
Hctel nnd-bar; 3C rooms 1500
31 rooms on Market St.; only 900
2.> rooms. orr Bvah: rent $53 950
12 rooms on McA'.'.ister st..'. ;: 400 |
]G rooms: fine corner; clears $150 1000 j
CAIIPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
342-344 McAllister St.: phone South 146.
J. E MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet Beatins Works. G. II.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Eth st; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st, tel. South 22S: lowest rates.
CAllPET BEATING .VXD CLEANING.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard ; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Clear.inr; Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONK UN'S Carp-t Be*.t!n-; Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone Ea-t 126.
comjECTios orncE*.
olEO^aE^vr^E^LrS^ATexcy^o charge un-
le-s successful. Room 310. 9*7 Market ;t
COTTAGES TO LET.
WELL-FURNISHED sunny cottage, 7 rooms,
bath, garden, stable; put in perfect order. Ap-
ply "IIS Union st. 11 to 5 o'clock; cheap rent
COTTAGE of 3 large sunny rooms; large yard.
118 Fillmore st.
VASSEROT place, 7, oft Geary, near Larkin—
Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; rent $20;
water free. Apply L. C. BABIN. 413 Kearny.
COTTAGES WAXTEI).
WANTED— Cottage, modern, good condition
and location, 6 or 7 rooms, across bay; $1000
cash, remainder deferred payments: give lo-
cation and price. Box 4301, Call office. .
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 B0 up; plates, extractions free. *4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received S first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $5; gold crowns, $3; new
methods In brldfre work; fll'lngs, gold, $1 up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction. 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 963 Mission. cor.6th.
DR. tfUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charsre for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new: teeth
from $3 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full -et of teeth. $4; crowns, $S; fillings. 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
1S41 Polk st. ¦ •
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dogr soap creates a
smooth, Bflky coat: for sale by all druggists
or at the hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.'
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore —
Advice and medicine 73c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DXlESSMAKEllS AM> SEA.MSTItESSES
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post
MME. REMBERT. 330 Sutter st. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN" dressmaking. 387 Geary st.; dresses
made. $5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinklnjr. 121 Post, over O'Connor&MoiTatt.
educational;
A— GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools. Par-
rott building; Gallagher, 18 years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr, expert
accountant bookkeeping dep't; a school con-
ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Poet rt. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, ¦ short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy, English
¦branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ;¦ new SO-page catalogue free.
ALT. students but two taking full course this
year tot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI- j
NESS COLLEGE. 12S6 Market St.
AYRES', the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket et. ; life scholarship. $50; includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art;day&eve.
CALlFORNIA-nuslness College. 305 Lftrkln St.:
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. ; eet. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933. Market
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT, 202 Montgmy.
EMPLOYM^-f-' WANTED MALE.'.
QARDENER experienced In commercial and
landscape gardening wishes to take charge
. of a large private place, plantation, etc. ; long
years' references. Write to N. GARTNER,
953 Fortieth et. Oakland. '• -.'
NOME— Responsible young man wishes to con-
tract to represent flrm this season. Address
box 4307. Call offlce. :
GOOD Jobbing blacksmith and shoer wishes a
situation; reasonable wages. Address F. A.
M.. box 16. Call offlce. - '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000 Va-
lencia st.
1 BXPERT OPTICIASS.
GEORGE MAYERLT5, German expert optician,
1071V4 Market st— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. 50c. Phone Mint 257.
1TLATS TO LET.
A— NW corner Sutter and Scott; finest flat In
city for the price; Investigate: 6 large rooms
and large glazed perch; appreciated If seen.
A — 2 UPPER sunny modern flats. 5 and 6
rooms, bath each. 973 and 975 Golden Gate.
A— ELEGANT 7- room flat; . modern Improve-
¦ ments. 241ft Sacramento st, near Webster.
A— 7-ROOM flat: corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvements. 417V4 Third st.
ALL bright flats, 4 and 5 rooms, bath. 1042
and 1044 Sacramento 6t, below Mason.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath; with or without
• stable. 1613 O'Farrell.
GEARY. } S13*i— Modern flat of 7 rooms and
bath: rent $35; water free. Apply L. C.
BABIN, 413 Kearny [st.
HAIGHT, 459, near Fillmore— Flat 4 sunny
rooms, basement, laundry: $12. / ¦
HAIGHT, 623^ — Elegant almost new flat, 7 rooms
and bath; very reasonable to steady tenants.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HQWELL. 10 Montgomery.
METCALF pi., off Geary, bet. Mason and Tay-
lor — 4 rooms and bath. -Uj;
PEARL, 27, off Market, nr. Valencia— Lower
and upper flats; rent $8 and $7. ¦
SUNNY lower flat. 5 rooms, bath, yard, base-
ment; rent reasonable. 482 Page, nr. Webster.
SUTTER, *607%— Upper flat; 4 rooms; low rent.
UPPER flat, C rooms and bath. 1120 B Turk
St., near Laguna.
VALLEJO, 910V4 — Upper flat, 6 rooms, "bath;
.laundry; garden; large cellar; complete. Key
at No. 908V4; rent $20.
WALLER. 312— Four modern rooms; bath, cel-
lar and yard. ; ¦
FLATS TO .V.ET FUR.XISII3O.
FURNITURE of partially furnished sunny 7-
room corner flat for sale; flat to rent; near
Park. Address box 4313, Call offlce.
KUliNlTUUE KOK SALU.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $43 50. with No.
7 ranee.. King Furniture Co.. 1127-11*1 Mark»t.
Fl'HSITUKE AV ANTED.
WANTED— Furniture of 3 or 4 rooms; must be
in good condition and cheap. HANSEN, 128
Eighth at
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission Ft, pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. COD5T Gate with J. T. Terry - Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Ued 3"i>~.
HELP WASTED- FEMALU.
"C. R. HANSEN &~CO Phone Grant 1S5"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waitress and chambermaid to wait, -ame
summer resort, $20 each, to go to-day; walt-
• resses - for sprinss and mountain resorts and
commercial hotels, $20, also city, $29 and $25:
lunch waitre-s, }3 50, no Sunday work; 2
restaurant waitresses, $5 and $7; 3 first-class
chambermaids, to wait dinner, city and
country, {20; woman cook, small resort, $30,
see party here; 2 fancy Ironers. city and re-
sorts. *30/
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Nurse, confinement caBe, $1 a day: house
Klrl for family of 3, country. $20; ranch cook,
$25. during harvest time, $."0; 2 house girls,
San Mateo, $20 each; long list of housework
orders. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GERMAN girl for delicatessen store; $7 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st ¦
WANTED— Pastry- cook, institution. $35; cook,
small country resort, $35: cook, plain wash,
2 in family, Alameda, $30; cook, short dis-
tance, no wash, $30; German cook, plain
wash, city. $30; 2 waitresses, first-class pri-
vate boarding house, $20; 3 waitresses, coun-
try hotels and resorts, $20; peamstress and
chambermaid, city, . $25; waitress, private
family, country. S25; Protestant second girl,
city, J25: a lar^e number of girls, general
housework, city and country. $25. Apply to
J. fJ CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
A COLORED cook, $25: colored maid, $20; same
house. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A COMPETENT nurse, with city references, 2
grown children. $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
Klnr". I reported Does, Bred. $20..-.
Remember the dace. 1S32 Market st.
THr.ROUGHDRnD Belgian does, bred to Royal
Fovereiim. 110 to $20; to Emperor of Norfolk,
J20 to ISO; to Ajax Ojiehest-fcoring buck in
America*. $31 to $30: youngsters; all strains. 6
-rerk-.. *I 50; 10 week-. $3 10: 3 months. $3 and
<7 DO. Kenwood Rabb'.try. ISO Hth et.. Oakland.
REDFOOT n A P.BITRY— Choice Sir Styles. Yu-
kcn. Bar.bury Klondike Nugget Red Rover.
Duke cf Auckland and other-; fine doos. ready
to 1'tter: er-rk yours Locks. Seventh and
Clay ets.. Oakland.
CLARF/MONT Tirlpian Hare Association— Does
bred to Fa-hoda. Prinre and Royal Rochdale.
flft to tr,O; be-t Ftrain youngsters. $2 to $13.
4?16 Teie-raph av*.. Oakland.
FOR Fa!» — Very fine stock cf high-score, pedi-
gree Belgian hare?, alt scored by Mrs. Bush.
I0W*_ f=_tf>r ft. San Francisco.
TREMQXT Belgian Hare Co., 2134 Fillmore st.
Fan Kranri-co. Cal. — Fend 6c in stamps for
hook on car«» and feeding. .-
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE C..60? GoH-
en Gate ave., s. p.j ;oo rabblu for sale cheap.
PFDIGRE'-D does with litters by Lord Fashoda
Chief <ia-.pi--rt<-a). Eureka Rabbltry.. 16H Turk;
IJICVCI-K*— -For *»l* or Etchaace.
NEW Cleveland bicycles; better than ever; $43.
LEAVITT & BILL. 308 Larkln et.
UliEAT barsains in. >=e<>ord-h»n.l bicycles; from
S3 up: send for lift. LEAVITT & BILL. 303
Lfrtcin ft.. Fan Frar.rl-co. ¦ ______.¦
BO OILS M_\V AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
HMrr.fri- P«X'k Co.. 7 f »4 Mif-Ion gt.. near Third.
MISIXESS CIIAXCE5. .
A^£oo?~COIlNER cigar store with cardroonT
close to corner Market and Powell sts. ; a rare
da-tea. Call R. G. WILKE, 26'_ Kearny st.
A-*20O— BAZAAR and stationery; choicest loca-
tion en Valencia, et. ; rent 115; 2 living rooms;
rrett bargain; owners must eell quick; Nome
fever. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny gt.
A— <!3C0; VERT best location; Btlcon close to
Pcwe:j and Market ets.; buslne-- first class;
enly tiatronl-ed by best people; a rare chance.
Cail It a. WILKE. tO'y. Kearny gt. ..
A— $1000— CANDY rout_; e-tabl. 20 years:, all
cash trade, clearing about $150 per month.
Ca!l R. G. WU.KE. :tV4 Kearny «t.
A-$430— CORNER grocery and bar. with 4 Itv-
lng room-; south of Market St.; a good pay--
Sn« busings and rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE, 2CH Kearny tt .' :
A— tiro— PALOON, elegantly fitted up; estab.
yctrs and doing a good paying business; place
located ciof- to Palace Hotel; rent J5!>: iease;
large *tock, t>eFt quality; a rare offer.' Call'
R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny St.
A-TXO-CORNER saloon; rent $1S; choicest lo-
catlon south of Market «t. : place doing a good
paying luainees. I ut parties can't agree. Call
It G. SVTLKE. S* ; ,_ Kearny et.
A— SKO — CORNnit branch bakery and grocery,
with 4 livens rooms, on Geary st. ; low rent
er.d r"«l r-8?l"i*r business; a rare chance.
ChII H. G. WILKE. 2»fr Kearr.y st.
fTA— SALOON, near city; departure cause cf
Ra-le.^ MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7—\_ Market.
JISCO— CORNER saloon and lunch house: sick-
ness caufe of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
T77& Market «t. .
$230— BUTTER. *F«f and provision route; horse.
wagon: bargain. McLaughlln & Co.. ~~\<x Mkt.
5-'*— RESTAURANT; Iwrgaln; going to ~Etw
rr>pe cause of tale. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
7T7>,i Market rt.
$400— SALOON; rity front: bargain: on account
of other business. McLAUGHLIN. 777% Mkt.
JSiO— SALOON «r« !unch . house: bargain this
day. McLAUGHLIN' & CO.. *T7H Market et
A CIGAR etcre and bsrber fhop; corner; bar-
pain; slckner-s. COWIN'G &. CO.. 71J Msrket.
A SALOON; dining room: 4 living room-; near
Call blfijr. ; sickness. COWING & CO. 713 Mkt
A PARTNER wanted, lady or gent, with $7C0~;
can clear $100 month. COWING. 713 Market
BAKERY and lunchroom: heart city; for ex-
change rooming house. . COWINO. 719 Market.
$430— RESTAURANT: v*ry clerantly furnished;
{50 down. $10 ri*. D.-MeRAE. 837 Mission Bt
$1000— BUTCHER business: elegant fixtures:
fine trafic. Apply S133 Mission et
TO Let— Barber shep; 2 chairs; rent cheap.
S4Gtf Seventh st
16-rocm house on iutk ei : <w
10 rooms or. Jones Bt; Clears $S3 330
10 T0OTVF on Ma-oii et. ; payments 450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
- TELEPHONE MINT 7?6.
EL C. DECKER. 1020 .Market St.. opp. Fifth.
j jrso-^il ROOMS, all rented, with big yard for
i rairing. rabbits; low rent. BASILR. 3 Kddy.
I jiwio— 55 ROOMS; all rented; good location: nr.
{ Market: cent: rent low. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
ELEGANTLY furnished, newly built flat on
Washington st. near Jones; a bargain. A.
M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Ft.
A— ROOMING hou-e. heart city: clears $100 mo.;
cause, death. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A LIST of 120 lodsing-houses for *ale. M.
GRirFIN. 719 Market, room 1. nr. Call bldg.
AN elegantly furnished 6-room flat, including
p'.ano and sewing machine: roomers pay rent..
I21 V 2 Mission Et. • no agents nor trtfl>rs.
FURNISHED house/ 8 rooms, cheap rent: easy
t»rtn-; oft Seventh- st, on Jessie. Address box
43y>. Call office. . ' ~ " -:¦
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harne*-.
etc., cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission »t.
WAGON for sale. . Apply at paint shep, 1313
Broderlck St.. off Geary. __.
CAMP wagon: finest In California; good • as
new; cost tCOO; sell $300. 3279 Mission St.- • _.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
n---.:work <¦• driving hr,r-e-. l'th A Valencia.
; _. '.SPIRITUALISM. . ;. ' '
MME FALAVISINY. the best card-reader. Just
nrrived from the-old country. For the present
ct 1 Fifth st. room 57. |
MRS WEST — Trance, test 'medium and mair-
• netlc ' treatment. ' 1206 Market St.. rooms 15-16.
CARDS read, _5c. t)40 Howard, st ¦
EARLE,' 3*3 Ellis St.: seances Sim. and Wed.;
re-aiilnEJi dally; v.-Ul leave the City June 16.
WYLLIE/ the' Los Angeles photo medium. 330
j Ellis st. 10 a. m. to 3 p. m., Sundays Included.
AT Friendship Hall. 333 McAllister; Mrs. Mey-
: <-r:. cpnvtnclpg test to-r.lght; 10c; sittings.
MRS J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; fitting. $1. 1104 Market.
. : CLAIRVOYANTS.
a . MRS! DR. CLARK— —
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK
rt may be consulted on all affairs of life;
the will" Fhow you how to overcome your ene-
ml*?; remove family troubles; restore lost af-
fections; unite the separated; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; tend stomp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 203
Turk' «t. near Jones.
MME.LANGE. the great clairvoyant tells past,
future; never falls; ha* the greatest Egyptian
recret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c ind up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market st. bet. 7th and Sth.
"NOME!" "Nom»!" "Nome!" Save your
money: consult Watson, celebrated occult me-
£iutn: lucky and true; 23c 15S1 Market st,
near Twelfth.
CLAIRVOYANT, cord reader; best advice. 823
Mission st.. near 4th, rm. 8; 23c up; ring bell.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader: German spoken. S21V4 Mission, op.Mlnt.
READINGS daily, cards and tea leaves; dates,
facts, business advice. 373 Polk st.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh Bt. original gypsy
life ' reader: readings, 23e; no sign. .
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;
past, pretent future; 25c. 148 Sixth st, r/ 14.
CARD reader en<" palmist removed from 953
Mls-lon st. to 136 Sixth, room 8.
MME. August clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 25c & SOc. 1149 Mission.
MME. PHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
elttlrig- dally . 2i*tj sixth -t
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
adrlce: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
bapd'g picture; ;*c; ladles: 914 O'Farrell »t.
CA1»E NO31B.
ONIi first-class ticket on Humboldt. cheap, at
Ottlnjrer"6 'ticket olllce, C20 Market st Call hf
- S a. . in. to-day.
S. F. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session
begins June 11: catalogue upon application.
! M- L. PANCOAST, Secretary. 510 Golden Gate.
PIANO leftons given by lady. $3 month; use of
! piano daily for practice. 216 Minna st
PROF. MERKI. successful teacher of mandolin,
violin and guitar. 1C08 Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School: modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladies and gentlemen. O. Sinz. 3C Geary, r. 34.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve. : *¦' mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EJiPLOVMEVr OlfFlCES.
A— JAPANESK-CHINESE ContractorTnd" Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, oft O'Far-
rell. bet Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4334.
A — MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment offlce: established over five years.
421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help turn.; tel. John 2121. S06% Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411!j O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426-
KMl'LOYMEVr WASTED FE31ALR."
REFINED English girl wishes position as nur-
sery governess; willing to travel or care for
invalid: experienced In nursing; excellent ref-
erences; $25 per month. Address by postal, 10
Willow ave.
WANTED— By a young lady,' formerly a teach-
er, position as companion to an elderly lady;
best references. Box 4312, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wants a few more
engagements by the day. Box 4325", Call.
COMPETENT girl desires position; general
housework; wages $20. Call at 669 Bryant st.
JAPANESE young ladywnnts situation to do
housework and help In kitchen; smell family;
city. Address N. M., 539 Stevenson st.
YOUNG married woman with 2 little gfrls aged
1 and 3 years wishes a position to take en-
tire charge of house during owner's absence;
object, good home; beet of reference. 2111
Fillmore Bt .
SITUATION as companion to sick lady or
chamberwerk. Address box 17S6. Call", offlce.
GIRL IS years; speaks English, Italian. Span-
ish; understands French; desires ixisltlon as
nurse in private family. 725 Sansome st. .
LADY wl-he« sewine and mending to do at
home or housekeeper's position. Call 116 Sixth
St., room 6. .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Th.r-1 st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week: convenient and re-pectable: fre« 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. "200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Cull advertisement and
pub-eriptions has b*en established at 1^96 Va-
lencia st. '
EMPLOYJUiXT WAXTKD MAI,tI
AN experienced bookkeeper and general office
assistant, trustworthy and reliable, age 24,
wishes position with established firm; refer-
ence from late employer. Address box 4318,
Call.
WANTED- Young man wishes position as as-
sistant bookkeeper,' bill clerk or other posi-
tion, with good reliable house; good refer-
ences. Address T. H., 400 Post et.
COACHMAN, single,, thorough experience, and
man about place; sober; not afraid of work;
many years with same, employer ; ; best refer-
ences. Address LOUIS, 8C9 Mission st.
YOUNG man with some experience desires po-
' sitlon as barkeeper or assistant, : some old es-
tablished saloon. Address box 4311, Call. .
FIRS/-CLASS barber wants steady work in
country town. Box 4315, Call office.,
PLAIN cook wants situation; city, or country;
steady and sober; state wages. Box 4310,' Call.
SITUATION wanted-«s shipping clerk by late
army quartermaster's clerk , with ,. large ; ex-
perience; no vices; best references; start low
nalary.. Address box. 1726, Call Office.:- .-X-':- ;-\-
MAN and wife, neat < couple.^ no ; family. . want
places as Janitors of -building or to care for
Ker.tleman'*. place in absence of family. Box
17S3. Call offlce. ,
ter si.
A PASTRY cook, city, $35. MISS CULLEN.
323 Sutter st. '
WOMAN pastry cook for institution; city; $33
and found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
OPERATOR on . shirts. American Shirt Fac-
tory. 1618 Market rt. .
A NEAT young woman for general house-
work. Call forenoon. 797 McAllister st.
WANTED— German or Swedish girl as house-
keeper. ROSENBAUM. 612 Octavla st.
HANDY saleslady, with experience, for large
retail store; good position. Box 4317. Call.
YOUNG woman for light housework and tend
Invalid lady; $15. 1045 Mission at
A GIRL for general housework and to assist in
cooking. Apply 1510 Buchanan 8t /-,.;>•-
GIRLS GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wage3 paid to -ewlng machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at ence to MR. DAVIS. 32^ Fremont.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Ap-
ply at 965 Oak at ' -
COMPETENT girl for second work. 340 Page
st, cor. Buchanan.
GIRL for lleht housework; wages $10. 379
' Bartlett st. ;_
YOUNG woman to do housework for widower
and three children: wages 512. 80T Filbert St.
GIRL to assist in housework • in Alameda.
Apply 12 Oak ft. city. :
LADIES to fill positions: country: managers
through Calif. : ref. required. 2421 Fillmore.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
Folsom St.. .bet. 13th -and 14th sts.
• WANTED— A cood lively solicitor; bis money.
136 Ellis st. ¦ .
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. SH • Antonio st,
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell st. off Jones.
FEW young ladies to Jcln night school; low
rates. Ayrcs' Business College,. 723 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. r-ceived at Call branch offlce, 220O Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at'lC96 Va-
lencia °t . - . -
HELP WANTED— JIAtE.
COOK and wife, restaurant, pastry, $S0; cook,
country boardlnc-house, $40. fare palit; cook,
hctel, city, $40; steamer eook. $45; butler, pri-
vate family,, $40; third cook, $30;pastry cook,
$40;' waiter, 11 to. 11, $9 week; kitchen incn,
vegetable men and dishwashers 'wanted. J.
F. CROSETT AGENCY, G28 Sacramento st.
BAND sawyer, $90 and board; boy to run picket
machine, $15 and board: 2 edgermen. $2 75 day
and $43; 3 carpenters, - $3 day, free fare; ma-
chinists for city and country, $3 to $4 day:
"toolmakcr, $3 <1ay; blacksmiths, : $2 50 and' .$3
day; blacksmiths' helper-, $2 and $2 50 day;
gash and door maker: car builders, 30c to 33c
"an hour. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, .62S-fWb-
ramento st.
20 LABORERS for company work, free fare-; 50
mill and woodsmen, $26 to $40 and increase;'
crosscut sawyers, barkers, Jackscrewers, at
going wages; r> bark peelers, $45 and board: 20
woodchoppers. $1 25 to $3 cord: 5 teamsters for
Lumper Co., *60; teamsters for R. R and con-
tract work, $2 day, free fare. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, 628 Sacramento st.
2 SHEEPHERDERS, $23, fare paid; separator
man. $20 and found; .milkers for Humboldt,
Mendocino, Santa Clara counties and city, $30
and $35; farmers, $25 and $30 and $1 25. $150
and $2 day; farmer and wife, $50; 2 drivers
for milk wagons, $50 and $30 and board ; sta-
bleman, $D0; choremen, $13;: butcher and sta-
bleman, $30 and found; man about place,
country. $25; young man for milk depot, $20
and found. J. F. CROSETT >GENCY, 62S
Sacramento st. ' f ¦ ". '
MAN and -wife, mining; town/ $30. MISS CUL-
LEN, 825 Sutter st. f
GARDENER, country, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
gutter st. : . ¦ _ . . . • • . . .
A— COOK, Catholic institution, across the bay,
$25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; teL Jessie 152.
WANTED— Strong boy to drive -light delivery
wagon; give experience, age and wages 'ex-
pected.. Box 4314, Call offlce. ' ' "-
BUSHEL-MAN wanted; also coatmakers. BE-
LASCO & HARRIS CO.. 511 Market st • , ;
GOOD hand to lather and dress hair in barber
thCD. 762 Mission et -
HELP WANTED— MALE.
*.— MURRAY A READY PHONE MAIN 584S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
............WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY •••
Help for all parts of California. Utabr Wash-
ington, Arizona and Hawaiian Islands ana
Oregon, 543C MEN
FHEE FARE and office fee « and no other
expenses to Los Angeles and Santa Barbara
districts, we ship you to-day, 9 a. m. and 5:«u
p. m., for the S. P. R. R., laborers and team-
eters, $2 day. FREE FARK lu^W
...HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CREW S...
Header wason drivers, 12 day and found;
Ws» men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and worn
in fields, header men, etc., $1 25, $1 EO. $2 day
and found, COME AND SL'E ••••„•
STABLES. VINEYARDS. ORCHARDS. GAR-
DENS
18 stablemen, city and country Jobs, *IO, $35.
$S0, *25 and found 11
329 vineyard and orchard hands. J33. $30. "Z"
and found; 5 gardeners, 2 coachmen, 1 "tabrf-
man. all for private families. $S>. $25. $20 and
found. COME, SEE.... ¦ ;
Men and wives $30 and $80 and found
DAiniES, CHEE&fS FAClOrUKs
S» milkers for different places. **». 'SO »-"*
found; 5 bntter makers and run separators,
boss here, $XJ and fcunfl; S eheesemakers. dif-
ferent Jobs. $35 an<J $40 and found
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 35 SAWMILLS. ETC.:
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
683 men for 60 dirfer-nt Jobs, from laborers to
; run machines, wages from $26 to • $»0 per
month and found •
also lumber pliers, bark peelers, $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen. in
fact we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc., $80, $75. 'SO. $120. *60.
$50. $40, $30 and found; 6S4 woodchoppers. tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines,
$3. $2 50, $2, $1 eo. $1 and 7"c cord •••
10 laborers to build flume $30 to $40 and fa
MECHANICAL HELP -••
19 blacksmiths and herseshoers. *2 60 day. *«0.
$70.- $15, *25 and found: also 5 helpers. $12
week, $35 and found; 5 woodworkers, carriage-
makers, $3. $2 50 day, $40 and found; circular
sawyer. $60 and found; 2 boilermakers. $3 60
day; carriage painter, stripe and letter, far*
60c. 110 week and found
screw tender, }52 and found; 8 carriage paint-
ers
....8. P. R. R.— DIFFERENT DIVISIONS....
FREE FARE...-. OFFICE FEE $1.,
Section and reconstruction and NEW WORK
LABORERS, YOU'LL SUIT. REGULAR
WAGES. ;
SPECIAL NOTICE. ..MINES. ..BIG WAGES
35 laborers for mines, no experience required.
YOU'LL SUIT, $40 to $48 per month and
found: 29 miners, single hand $90 and $75
CROWDS GOING TO GOLD MINES...,.
SPECIAL •
3 milk wagon drivers, $30, $25 and found;
planer, hand, rawmlll co $50 and found
.....FOR A NEW MINE
12 laborers, no experience, fare. $2 50, $31 and
found; 6 men and wives for ranches. $40, $35,
$30 and found. '
..MEN. YOUNG MEN OR STRONG BOYS..
86 wanted to pull rhubarb, pick peas, pick
fruits, hoe between vines, make yourselves
otherwise useful, $17 CO and $20 per month and
found
man for wine cellar, country, $25 and found
I... READ THESE CAREFULLY
365 laborers and teamsters for all parts Of
California, also many for San Francisco, $3,
$2 10, $2, $1 75 day; many city jobs, to board
home
Wanted for a new railroad ....Free Fare
teamsters $2 a day
rockmen $2 a day
1 laborers $2 a day
Free Fare Free Fare
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKb.. JSAKdRS WAITERS
8 bakersr, city and country shops .$40 and $50
39 cooks, restaurants, hotels and boarnlng-
houses. ranches, etc $35 to $60 and round
waiters, city and country hotels and resorts..
$25. $30 and $35 and found
washer, country laundry. $30 and found; bar-
. ber to run country shop
Porters, elevator boys, etc. ; 4 baker's helpers.
*S0, $35. $25 and found. MURRAY & READY,
' C34 and 636^Iny ft.
A— FOR A BANK SYNDICATE. .YOU'LL SUIT
25 men or strong beys to work in a large or- •
chard and vineyard and farm, to pick fruits,
work in packing and drying houses, help to
dig small trenches so water can run down be-
tween vines, etc.; wages $26 per month and
found; steady Job year round if you are will-
ing to do the work; general manager will
teach you.
ALSO -....
Harness-makers, shoemakers; boys to peddle
fruits, ?15 to $20 and found; 4 boy- to work in
a factory. $3 to $3 week; boss carpenter, $3 £0
day. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— COOK .for a club. $30 and. found: a bakers,
some fare paid, $50, $45. $35. $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63S Clay st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 1C4 GEARY ST.
ICO teamsters, laborers and rookmen for the
Coast Road; J2 a day: free fare.
20 lo borers for S.. P. Co. work; *2 a day;
free fare.
50 four-horse teamsters; Los Angeles and
Santa Barbara divisions; $2 E0 day: free fare.
100 section hands for different divisions on
the S. P. Co. ; $1 70 a day; free fare.
CO woodsmm: see boss here. .->.'.:-
Spool tenders, $45 and found; swampers; $40
and found; lookout men, $35 and found; cross-
cut sawyers, $35 and found; laborers, $30 and
found. :
Ml-laborcrs for new railroad in the woods.
$26 ard found.
20 miners,- $2 50 a day; 10 muckers, $2 a day;
• 10 farmers, $26 and found; 6 milkers, $25 to $30;
dairyman, . $43.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Thorough hotel man as chief clerk for country
hotel, no objections to an Eastern man; sec-
ond cook. $100: cook for email gentlemen's
club, $50; head cook. $50; second cook. $35.
plain, country hotel, fare advanced; cook and
dishwasher for cafe, country. $43 and *20;
baker fcr steamer, $15; second baker, country
hotel, $30; pantryman, summer resort, $25; 20
dishwashers and kitchen hands, $20, $23 and
$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Machinist. country shop, good
wages; mining blacksmith. J2 73 a day; drive
delivery ar.d chores, country, $23 and found;
2 milkers, see boss here. $30; 3 men for stock
farm, steady, $26; 2 farmers, steady place. $23;
harness makers, city: 4 laborers for mine, $2
i day; J carmen for mine. $2 a day; ware-
house man. country. J40 and found; black-
emlth, country shop, $60; bedmaker. country .
hotel, fare raid, $20 and found: ranch cook,
$25; camp/ cock, $25; man to drive rake,
haying, $30: dairyman and chores, $25. W.
D. EWER-.& CO.. 610 Clay st.
YOUNG man for hardware store who under-
stands electric work and Iocksmithing. Box
4324,- Call offlce.
BARBER that has a short-hour Job can work
Saturday evening steady. 215 Sixth st -
BARBER wanted for Saturday; wages $3. 623
Clay st. " • ¦
BARBER wanted Saturday at 908% Howard St.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday at 1322
Powell st -
BARBER for Saturday; wages $3. 52 Seventh
street-
STEADY barber wanted. Apply at 1724 Market
Ptreet. } -
BARBER wanted; wage's all right. 131 Second
stf eet. ¦ .. __.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sunday
at 325 Grant ave. .
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; $3; chance
for .steady. 11 Sixth st ;. ¦ :
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
1C18 Mission -t. : ; • .
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday. 715
Davis st. . • .
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; chance for
Eood extra. Job. 416 Hayes st.
BARBERS— 3-ehair shop for sale; must sell at
once. Box 4321, Call office;
3-CHAIR ISc barber shop: a bargain; principal
rtrf-et; San Jose. Pox 4305, Call offlce. ¦
WAITER and bedrraker. Crystal Hotel, 739
Fourth st. ' ¦ . _ '•
D'^HWASHER wanted at 506 Hbward st, near.
¦; t First .
WANTED — 2 carriage- painters; call after 7:30
a. m. 528-Gough st. •
YOUNG man wanted in tin £hop; age 16. Apply
-bet. 7 and 9 o'clock. 533 'Mission st
WANTED — A large boy to brush clothes and
drive a wagon; $5 per week. J4 Golden Gate.
. . ~ J .
WANTED— A dishwasher at 52S Fourth st'
yjl -—-. .
WANTED— Waiter.- 435 Ellis st.
A STRONG, .-villlns boy. 1512 Polk Et.
NOTICE to Journeymen -painters and paper-
hangers— Notice : is hereby griven to Journey-
: men painters and pa perhangers to, give the
city of Bakersfleld a wide berth for the pres-
. ent', ' as she has already a greater. • number
than can be employed. L. O. STEVENSON,
Secretary Local Union No. 29. Bakersfleld. Cal.
ALL sizes men's shoes; slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission fit..' bet. 1st and 2d sts.
INTELLIGENT steady boy to learn printing
trade. 819 Market «t.; room 47. ¦
WANTED— First-class traveling salesman. $-W;
salary ¦ and good commission; i expenses paid.
Address box 43C2. Call office. . . - . .
APPRENTICES .wanted to learn barber trade
at their own price. Box 1747, Call office.
1 GOOD flnlsher'and 1 helper in wagon factory.
f30 Broadway-. - *..-•¦
BOY- wanted in' a grocery store. Apply at 3113
Sixteenth «t.
WAITER wanted. Hotel Repeller, 7S1 Sutter
: streets -.:¦¦¦•.' -'.•--•
WANTED— Boys with . good voices to sing In
vaudeville. Address A. C.,: box 1734. " Call.
S FIRST'CLASS starch work" ironers. . men or
- . women : ; good wages; » steady work. ' UNION
; LAUNDRY. 10th and O sts. , Sacramento. Cal.
BARBERS — Good-paying shop In nearby town;
a bargain. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 E1113.
teeii treatment at otnee. so; consultation free
and confidential. 1122 Market -st. bet. Mason
arid Taylor; office hours 9 to 5, Sundays 10-4.
DR. and MKS. DA VIES. 1223 Msrk-t; ladles'
physlrlan; chronic diseases treated;, lat*
icientlflc methods: treatment. 15. ' •
DR. NO TOY KEK. late of Canton. Chir.a: dis-
eases of all kinds cured: herbs and teas; sani-
tarium, 78-1 SacrAmento.cor.Kearcy :advlce- fre».'
NICE reliable- home for confinement: reasona-
ble. 2C12 Folsom «t.. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
Y. S.— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladies' specialists.
HIS Market st; every case guaranteed: S3 up.
MRS. SCHWARTING. midwife: private homa
In confinement for ladles. 510 Eddy st.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home,
in confinement. 1312 Golden Ga.t- ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human bedv. 11* Ma«on st. ¦ .-
, MlSCELLAXluOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-ftand machinery. 3it-
INTQSH & WOLPMAN. 1S5-W7 Fremont st
A— BUYS," sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear »t - - :
BARS, back bars. , mirrors, showcases,, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlce furniture and
fixtures; new and second, hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
'NAN. 1017. 1019, 10*1. 1023 Mission st. abova
Eixth; write for catalogue.
WHISKY for family or medicinal use: 4 full
quart bottles, expres-age prepaid. $3 20^ noth-
' ing on case to indicate contents; twice th9
price could buy no better; mall orders aolio-
lted. F. EPHKAIM & CO.. 13 Montgomery.
EDISON- concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; Concert records.. $2 60. BACIOALUPI.
333 Market st.. San Francisco.
24-FOOT pasollne" launch. In fine condition 13C0.
• C. P. STEWART. 416 California st : -
AN A No. 1 express waffon, slnKle, for sale
cheap. Call at 53? Mission st.
ST. BERNARD, also Great Dane pups: prize
ped'gd stock. St. George Ken., Walnut Creek.
PEDIGREED Great Dane puppies for' sale
Office 171 Fourth' st. '
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pcp-
nlar Price Hatters.' 330 Kearny gt.. nr." Pine.
2ND-HAND Dow duple.x steam pump: 8-in-
steam, 6-in. water.. H. S. WHITE. L16 Mission!
A FINE suit, $10; dres- pants. $2 75. MI3F1T
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4*7 Montgomery »t.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies- selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. S13. Examiner bids.
AVE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $1 50.
Portland Loan Offlce. *C Stockton st.
MAGIC Untercs. new and second-hand; movlns
pictures. DULLARD & BRKCK. 131 Po«t st.
CASH registers of every description lor sale
and repaired. ia*7 Market, bet 9th and W.h.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers: lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Eeal*.
A_ NEW standard Typewriter: latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BSNTHAM. 1S32 Market st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burs-
lar ftroof safe. 216 California st
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacrament- st
EECOND-HAND fireproof -afe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st
SA ,T E t S^** w aftd «* etlRd hand; all sues. THB
< WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. Sa/i Fran.
ONE 4-Mded -ticker; 1 planer and matcher; I
air compressor; S locomotives. 220 Fremont
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
. Call. 1G nas;es, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for ft.
CHEAPEST, and best in America— The Weekly
¦ Call. : 16. pages, sent to any ¦ address In the»
'United State-f cr Canada . one year for $1.
postare paid: • .- . . . . . " '
A\D STORES To Le«~
LARGE stores' and sunny offices near Hall of
Justice. BABIN. 413 Kearny st
OFFICE to let. $12 50; offlce suitable for ship-
ping agent. 12 Steuart st.
STORE to let. $12 Cfr: store suitable for tailor
• repair shoo. .52 Steuart st. ; " : .' ¦
. PALMISTRY.
VME. NeergaanJ. Pres. St. Germain Colle-;» oe
Palmistry; reads 1 to I. <H Geary, ar. Jone-i.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
• Taylor. St.. bet Geary &P«>st: phone biack 561.
PERSONALS.
SeNRY^CART ' ER~~or ' sistersT~EMILI jTand
JULIA — Father and mother dead; names were*
'Henry and Elizabeth: left Australia in tha
early • fifties; important: send your address.
UNCLE CAROHN. care Singer Co.. S. F.
T- RANKIN — News for you concerning Nome.
. : . Call' on your friend B.. 1 Market st.
MME.ADA cures nervous prostration, insomnia,
•blindness. Brisrht's disease and ructure when.
• all ethers fail: see this wonderful, gifted,
. healer.;' she will cure you, 1343 IIoward.nr.lGth,
USE Lillle Watt's soap, .made frcm California
ollv'evoils, roots and herbs; lt>c; at druggi-ts.
75r— BABIES' shoes for :15c a pair at the Be»
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market st. nr. Third,
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; lt>
¦ years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st,
G. V.- MORSE, photographer, "6C6 Pacific ave..
• between Pierce and Scott; phone Stelner 339L
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser.
- Wants It distinctly unil-rstocd
that he does not charge extra
for the very latest and newest
styles of halrdre.-slnfr. in fact,
• he has hut one price, 23 cents.
• Call and prove it. 123 Stockton st
ELECTRIC lights In every room — 'Winchester
-Hotel. 44 Third . st. near Market: 10U rcoms;
!'c- tn $1*0 fter night; $1 CO to $S per week;
• free 'bus and baggage to and from the tarry.
AN elegant suit for 110 73 from Imported or do-
' mestle remnant*. U l.FMOS. 1117 Market »t..
between Seventh and Eighth.
IF you- wish fat] value for your caet-eff clothirc
call qn B, COHEN-. Ill Third; tel. Blaclt 4121
LADIES' and g'cts" eastoft clothing bought and
. t-old. ' fillvermnn. ,S&4 Folsom: tel Folsom 119t.
FULI^DRESS and other suits bought: also old
gold.' .Pcrtlahd Loan Offlce. S3 Stockton st
ACADEMY fcr the" NEW SCIENCE OF HEAL-
ING: a'1 di-»a«<e«» art* curable; WITHOUT
DRUGS. WITHOUT OPERATIONS': consulta-
tlon free. D.R. WM. SCHMITT. '2? Post st.
MISS SHELIiON. chiropodist and business ad-
vice.- S50 Market st, second floor, room -T7.
DETECTIVE— Honorable: confidential; •ecrets
• tnrtolate. Address box 4*0. Call offlee • .
HAIR quickly curled or. wived by using Tal-
cott.'s Curling Fluid; !6c bcttle; druggists.
CAST-OFF clofhlngr. «ld grild «nd .-liver bougat;
-end t>«staK COLEMAN'S.- 8C« Kearoy st. "
niYSiciA.Ns am), ?i:iiGE:O>s.
JREE treatment I month to intrcduoe our fa-
mous remedies. DR. • POPE & CO.. 33 Turk.
DR. C. C. ffDONXELL — Office and residence.
1C"1H Market «.t.. l>et. Sixth and Seventh.
CHRONIC and cth£r diseases positively cured.
DR. GORDIN 514 Pine ut. near Kearny.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES. , .
WE loan kodaks 'tree; photo supplies. a> -Hu«
studio. 11 Geary St., ground floor.
HKLP WASTED — MALE.
WANTED-Recrolts for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied un-
married men. of good character, bet.vreen tne
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height,
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legnlly declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly For further In-
formation apply at the Marine R<*™" ln £
Office, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. CaL. or
5*0 IC St.. Sacramento. Cal. .
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires six to eight weeks; .lay and evening
Cla«s>: special Inducements this season: only
institution in the world teaching this trade:
iraVofcity and illustrated catalogue mallM
SS MOLER'S DAUBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
FinST-CLASS coatmsker wanted. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market »t. __
MEN' to lexrn barberin* and h«itrdre*sins at S.
F.* Barber School. 741A Hcw*ni it.
SOLICITOR and collector for Industrial Insur-
ance: 12-1. 5-6. r. C. 405 Montgomery at.
GET your shoes half-soled whll« waiting; 23c
to 80c. 562 MI?M6n St.. b*fc l?t and 2d pts.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis Tt. ¦
WANTED— La borers and mechanics to know
that Et IRclkln. Reno .House pwprl«or stiU
runs Denver House. 217 Third «t W> lares
rooms; 25c per night: II to $2 P*r week.
?ggra^^5.^ tt TKi^ r -<s^a^?ny-
SAILORS ordinary seamen, and sre-n hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 18
years' practice; Examiner bigg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44. Third si., near Mar-
ket; 70* rooms. 25c night: readm* room. fre«»
• bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, comer Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c tp 25c per night; to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call Branch, of flee. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call «««JHESS£b! v» d
subscription* has been established at 109b \a-
lencla *U-
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Kte Ko«- Sale
THE sixth lot of the 200 horses from the Canty
ranch just In; from $20 up: 6 blacks. 2
browns and 2 whites In the lot. 2170 Market
6t. ; Castro-st. cars pass the door.:'.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts.' harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth St.; auction sales every "Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. ¦
HORSES— Young, well-broken, for all purposes.
¦ cheap; best in city. 721 Howard St.. nr. Third.
FIFTEEN head of horses for sale cheap at 203
Taylor st. ¦; .
FOR rale— 2 extra fine carrlas* teams. DAL-
Z1ET-. Vet. Dentist. «>S O"Mcn C,at» nv»
HOUSES TO LET. •
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1518. near Van . Ness— Sunny T-
room house. ¦ ¦ ¦
CEDAR ave., .115, north of Geary, bet. Polk and
Van Ness-^-House of 8 rooms and bath.
HOUSE 9 rooms, freshly painted and papered;
"sunny side; rent cheap. 68 Minna St.
IN Ben Lcmond: new furnished cottage of 6
rooms; hot water, beautiful grounds, etc.
Apply to MRS. WM. WHITNEY. Vine St.,
Berkeley. • .
A 'WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The .Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
HOUSES TO LET — FIRSISI1ED.
CALIFORNIA. 1711. near Van Ness ave.— 10-
room house, completely furnished.
LOST AXli l''OL'ND. ," ,\ ; '
LOST^ o'p^^fa^d^llver^atchTTniUals^ArN.,
Sausallto ferry, Wednesday. 2530 Mission St. ;
liberal rjward. ' ' . •
LOST— Maltese cat. Return to 12CS Sutter St.;
liberal reward. . . ; • •
LOST— Sat of teeth, at Bush and Fillmore sta.
Return to 1910 Mission st.. rear.
LOST— Sunday last on Ocean boulevard, be-
tween ClifT and Ingleslde, Congo wood- cane;
buckhorn handle, silver mounted.. Reward by
returning to owner. 21S-220 Mcntsomery .sf .
LOST— A- pass-book with the Hlberhia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of LAVINIA E. DEAN. No. 207-1S6.
The finder will please return to bank. _ '
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of Ran Francisco, In the
name of ANTHONY MURRAY. No!. 1S3-1032.
The finder will please return ¦ to bank.'. ;
MASTIFF dog: found. Apply at 1O Mission tU
CHEAPEST and best ln"rAmerica— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to -any address In th<*
United States or Canada one year for'Jl;
postage paid. . ¦ .< ' -. : : • • .¦ '
¦ ' medical.; ..¦•.¦ ;• . v /. ¦;
DUS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles': phy*
•Iclan.; formerly 401 Vaa Ness, returned- from'
Eurupe with, advanced knowledge; safe and.
reliable cur« $3; have/treated thousands, of
tares with *ucce#»: 15 years' ¦ practice In S, V. :
maternity home: low fees. lfO7»4 &tark«t »t.-
un. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
lAdles' specialist: safe and reliable; has- prac-
ticed in 8. F. for years; treated thousands of
rarea puccepftfully: treatment can b» used' at
home: consultation free. Writ* or ckU at
JCJ3V4 Market Ft. : . . . ¦"..
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; J5 yn.-
practice: home In conflhsment; treatment at
cSlce. J.S; any ailment; consultation free; ccn-l
'Bdential. 942 Post St.. bet. Hrd» and Ivtrkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' specialist— Gyaran-
tffA treatment at office. $5;' consultation free
I MISCELLA.VEOUS WANTS.; .:
¦PRIVATE party- will pay cash for a few n i c »
diamonds. Box 4310. CaU; ¦•¦ ¦; . .
WANTED— Second-liand revolving. - barb»i
chair: chearp., P. V.. box 100. Cloverdaie, . Cai.
ti-aXTED — Second-hand upright piano. fn»
. c'oih. H. T.. tVHIT*-lT*-Ar». -ITirf M--k»T-t..-
¦ . MOMSV TO LOA5. •.:../
HEIRS to unsettled estate- In probate ca&^r!£
celve cash at once;- also- flrsr.cr second n»Drt-
«ra«re loans on real estate. . furniture- a.id
pianos: on removal;, prompt dealing: a v»
charge unless loan Is granted. . KQUIT.\Ei.Q
jJoaN.CO.. room «03. Kxaml.ner building. ...-
ANY proposition, any amour.?; t» per cent-; , rtrst.
iecond mortsai-es. estates in probate. Interest
in estates. legacies, corporation leans., chatt-l
mcrtV-iies: ccnfidential : advice, free. G. a,
OtSEX. room H. first Hoor. Oironicle- bl^g ..-.
AXY^-ft-nount at « per cent; Is;. 24 and: 3d nor*-.
" «res undivided interest, real, estat« Ja pr*.
bste-'rnortcages and legacies bought: . n* d*.
i-y- 'ret my terms before doing business ••}<»,
wherT^ Tt MeCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place- t<5 cbtila
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at hw.
mrates Baldwin Jjwelry. 9tsr» m Mark,,
It.: tel. M'ln 'I<i44. Branch 1^ Third -t.
NOTICE— Pledges of the. Mint Loan Office. 14
Fifth st. are -transferred to.W. J.v Hestiial.
10 Sixth rt.; wAere the business wlil b« con-
¦ tlnued. T. LTTDELSKI.. • : ;! : . - '
ON real estate. 1st cr. 2nd mortgages, ani oa
furniture or planns: no removal: any amouss;
• lowest rates, BECKER * C' ' .24 MwM.^iMbiii*
MOST reliable place to borraw^on disuponi-.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixths
highest price for old gold, silver, diamond-.
ANY amount by private party on furniture aaj
Elanos- no removal; low ratea; confidential
OXELU. Conservatory bldit... 130 Povil^tH
AT 126 Kearny »t. room », respectably priya*«
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; ib-rs-3
: rate*: take elevator. Telephone Davis 933.
ON furniture and pianos without removal ;jjuJcW
service: money direct: lowest interest, ftoota*
63 and 93. Ponohoe building. 1179 Market st,;.
LOANS made on furnlturs at \l\i per cent; aU a
leans to ralaried people. HARSHBABGKa.
322 Ellis st.. room 34. . ' ' '¦' . ¦ .. ...".;;:.;
MONETloaned salaried people without security..
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' E»chnge. 431 Calif.
TO salaried people; without security: all; btnu
ness conflJentlal. Toaslay Co.. 321 Parrott U-y
CASH loaned to salaried people en note wltfiiig
lndorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner. buil(iin«r»
ON furniture, pianos., without -- removal;,
commi-sion: prrvate. LICK. 118 McAlljatgf. ,
IF your' property Is rhcrtKaged. and : you' nt*-%
more money -ee H. MURPHY.. 630 Mark*t.«t.
TO taiaried. men without collateral or inrforier,
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Pbelan buitdlnc.
A WEKK'S hewa for. 5 cents— The Weekly. Ca!].;.
¦16 pages. In wranper.'-for mntli-jg, U pr )-"»r.,
.. MUSICAL. INVl'nL^lti.VI'-l.
PIANOS! PIANOS! PIANOS! ./ : , : "
$43. $S3. JlCO. $133. •' •' " ••.•: ..-:¦."-¦ -=:'. : '|
$163; upright: easy paymenti. .. :>.;¦¦;
Symphonlon music boxes from'ISTI- ¦'•-. ¦':' "" -:
to S100.. and everything In the music line.
. . a. F. MUSIC CO.. ga Sutteg "*%':.:
PACKARD PIANOS— Beat ihe worrd. ~
Packard orsan3-rare- the best- ¦¦ ...:-¦ •>¦¦•::. :
See and hear them when you're ready. • v '.
Bring your cash: w«'ll do the rest. ¦ - •¦ '¦"'¦'"
. MAUVAIS'. 7» Market'- at.
OLYMPIA self-plavlng music boxes are tti»
latest and best; any styla sold on Installments
•' if you haven't the cash to spare. Z. MAL'-
VAI3V Music Store. 7Sj Market st
DECKER & SON Diar.es. established in 1!K-*.
are aa reliable In tone, action and durability
. as any piano can be made. Sols agency.
MAUVAIS'. 7C3 Market st
AS we represent the be-t make of pianos la
¦ every grade, from Steinway down to lo-w-
'r-rlced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other deal-r-».
we . are the people from whom you shoulil
purchase; new upright pianos. $6 cash. $8 pe?
month: other pianos *3. $1 and $3 per mentfe.
SHERMAN. CLAY ft CO.. .Stelnway Dealers.
ccr.' Kearsy and Sutter sts.. San Francl*co;
' cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
AN sxceptional offer— Fischer, JSO; Arion. $133;
Cable, $163: Estey. $130: finest condition war-
ranted; ea-r- payments. B2N.T. CURTAZ A
FON.' IS O'Farrell St.; Chickering. Steck.
Vo-e. Steriinsr. Curtaz x pianos.
ABSOLUTELY, the eldest and large-t fcousa
west ct ChicaJjf. !s KOHLER A CHASES.
IS. 2S and W O'Farrell ft.: piar.os. organs anj
all other musical instniments of all erad-a
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible;. don« to pleas* and satisfy th»
• ' curtCTRer. ;
PIANO, upright first-class condition, for sal*
at auction to-day, noon, at Spear Auction
. ¦ ' Room. SI gutter at- -
LATEST style cabinet grand upright; mu.-t b«
-iioTd- Immediately; only used a few months;
¦ ¦ bottom price $133. Room 12. Flood building.
BARGAINS— A few rianos will b« sold thU
week for storage;, offer* wanted (cash or in-
-. stall ments). Wilson's Storage Co., 171 1 ) Mrkt.
T1ST, Krell upright piano at a great bargain.
.. STATHAM. 1CS .McAllister st.
i$-(V-FJNE '.MnrJjrht piano: perfect order; great
:¦' bargain. 1*33 Mlwion -t. . . '__
REDUCTION sale; new planox. t". payments:
. for rent. $2 Up. . r.nt'FNN. 20S Post st.
WkNTED — 10' square. pl».iio-i.' six o:gans, for
Vountry schools. : EYTtON MA UZY. SOS Post.
A STEINWAY. $!«5: installments J3. 15. $7. Hi):
rents! $2 up. HEINE'S. 126 Ellis st.
EOHMER A CO.; Byron Mauzy I'Unos. 3KJ t»
¦3i2Postst. ;....;' ¦'.¦¦.¦.;.:'•..,
GOOD Fischer; great : bargain? SCHMITZ. l«
McAllister st. next Hibernla Bank.
W. Ci.. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st. a*em for
. Francis Eaccn rtnd. Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.Enterprise Brewing company (owner) with
Fred Miller (contractor), architect H. Geilfuss—
Lumber, carpenter and mill work for a one
story addition to present building on S line of
Enterprise street, 245 E of Folsom, -E 65 by S
125; J12S2. ¦" . ' • ¦ ~* . .'-.::
Alvlnza ' Hayward (owrer) with "Thomas W.
Butcher (contractor), architect • G.~ W. ¦ Percy —
Brickwork in walls and • backing of stonework,
etc.; for a eleven-story brick and stone building
on' NE corner of California and Montgomery
streets. N 93 by E 87:8; $18,880.
Same ¦ owner with -Western i Expanded < Metal
and Fireprooflng Company (contractors), archi
tect same — Fireprooflnp of floors and roof, etc.,
-for same on same: $11,370.
Builders' Contracts.
Steamer Movements.
On the morning session of the Bond Exchange
Honokaa Plantation declined to - . $33 75 and:
Giant Powder advanced to $37 62^4. Business
was» fair. • • ' - • . . • ¦¦ "
In the afternoon Giapt Powder advanced" to
$SS 60, the other stocks being quiet and feature
less. *
I The Oceanic Steamship Company paid a divi
dend of 50 cents yesterday.
The Ban Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany paid a dividend of 33 cents yesterday.
The Padflo Lighting " Company has .declared
a dividend of SO cents per share, payable on
the 5th, :,' V
The Honokaa Sugar Company paid a divi
dend of J5 cents yesterday. .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The quarterly Interest on the United States
3 per cents and the last Issue of 4 per cents
Is now payable.- • -
. : • FRIDAY,. June 1—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. , Bid.Ask.'
US Bonds— Equit G L Co. 2>4 2%
4s quar coup.. 115*ill6U Mutual. El Co. 9U 11 .
4s do reg.,....114»ill5U O G L & H... 45% 47
»» do cd new.. 1344135 Pac Gas Imp.. 45>i — .
3s do coupon.. 10314.103*4 Pao L Co...... 43 44
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 43% —
Cal-st Cab 5s.-119H — Ban Francieco. 4V« 4'i.
C C Water 6B.109H — " 3tkn G & E Co 10 . —
Ed L & P 6S..12SH — Insurance —
. F &. Cl Ry 6s. .116 — Firem's Fund.223 —
Geary-st R 6s. — 93 Bank Stocks—
H C & S 5tfs.. - - \nglo-Cal Ltd. 65 67
Do 6s... ......105 — Dank of Cal. ..410 —
L ARy 5s — 104% Cal S D & T.103 —
L A L Co 6s.. — — First National. — 290
: Do gntd 6s.. — — Uon P & A....132H —
Do gntd 5s. ..100 — Merchants* Ex 15- —
L A &P R 5S.102H — Nev Nat Bank— —
Market-st 6s... 128 — Savings Banks-
Do 1st M 6s.US.119 Ger S & L....1S30 —
N C N G R 7s. — . 114 Hum S & L.. — —
N R of Cal 6S.115 — Mut Sav Bank 45 —
Do 5s .....117HH7?i S F Sav U....5U5 —
N"P.C R R 6?.101'4Jv2-4 Sav & L So.... 74 78 ¦
Do Bs......... — 1OS54 Sec Sav Bk.... — —
N»Cal RR6s.Hl — Union T Co.... — —
Oak G L&HCs.m : — .-" Street Railroad?—
Oak Tran Ss.'.llS — California 121% —
Oak W Coos.. — -.'."— - Geary-st ..:... 60 —
Oceanic S 5s.. — 107% Mark«t-st Ry.. 62% 63
Om C Ry 6S.-..128. - O-S^L & H.. - M
P & ClRy 63.104% — Presidio ....... 16 -
P & O R R 68.115 - Powder Stocku-
Powell-st R 6sl^0 — California ....160 170
Sac L & G R3s — " — Giant Con Co. SS^i 89
S F & SJV 5S.119H119H Vlgorit 2}, 3H
5 Ry of Cal 6s.lll« — Sugar Stocks—
6 P of A 6s. . .113Ti — Hana S P Co.. V* 7tf
Do <1905);....109% - Haw C & S Co 89«4 90%
Do (1906) :...1UV4113 Honokaa S Co. 23% 33T*
Do (1912) ....—' 122H Hutch S PCo. — 26>4
- I)o 1st eg 5s. — • . — - Kilauea S Co. 20K 2l .
S P «r 6s 130 '¦'— Makaweli S Co 47% 49
S V Water 6a. .115 — iOnomea S Co.. — 2814
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the. Jeft
hand column and the successive ¦ tides of the
day In the order of occurrence, as to time. The
second time column gives the secopd tide of
the. day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or. right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except -when there are but
three tide's, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast " Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes .the height.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference. Is the mean of the Ibwer low waters.
C5 Time - . Tlxnel Tlmej |Ttme|
'2.'. : Ft: — Ft. —^— Ft. Ft
.? II W L.W HW - L W
2 ... 2:051 4.8 S:55 O.S :4:17| 4.9 9:39 3.2
J .. 3:02 4.3 9:33 O.S 4:59 5:p 10:52 J.O
4 .;. • -4:06 3.S 10:» 1.3 5:37 5.1
. .. L W H W L W . H W -
5... 0:02 J.7 5:18 ' 3.6 10:59 1.7 8:14 $.1
6... 0:5S 2.2 6:S3t.' 3.4 11:17 2.1 "6:50 6.2
7 ... : 1:39 : 1-7 7:50 S.4 11:28 ZA 7:23 " 5.3
8 ... 2:17 1.1 8:55. 3.5 L14 2-T 7:57 5.4
HOTEL. ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Urs S J Bryant. Colusa .
r Moor-head- & w, Cal
3 E SimrjuSns/ Cal
0 Holllster, Cbrtland •
r H Hilbert, Cal ¦ 1
: E "Wiggins. Stanford ,
2 E Kinc, Stanford
3 S Wood. ' Oakland
W E Flncli, Cai'
3 C Walte. Los Ang
3 V Ryland, Stockton .
3 V Ryland. Nome
IV H Hodgehead. Cal .
fV' T Cole, Cal . .
r J O'Brien. Los Ang
3 S Bon bright. Phlla ' i
3 C Nichols, Phila :
3 W Robinson, Ohio '.
3* J Cressy,. Los Ang :
f 3 Miljard. • Montreal •
VIrs H C Brown, Seattl :
3 Hollensteln & w, NZ .
Hr Clark, N Zealand
MraFels & 2 d. N Z«al
r F Lon&gan. Slanfoiti
H H" Bell. Stanford
3 O Foster, Stanfon!
J ischaefer. Stanford '
J D. McGilvray. Stanfd
J M Scully, Boston
Mr & Mrs Bealey.S Jos
H C Hubbard," Stanford
A. J Brunner & w, Sacto
J Respinl, Santa Cruz
W Mitchell. Elko '
F Caldwell ¦& w. Net)
A Anderson, Suisun
J H Brill, Ind
J W Thayer, Los Ang
J Brown. Cal
J W Fergens, Sta Cruz
Dr W T Barry, Salinas
G A Buell. Stockton
R S Hopkins. Seattle
E F Rowland. Chicago
Miss Rowland. Chicago
O H Stillson. iowa
E L Stillson. Iowa ..
J "W Smith. .Los Ang
R J W Speax. Dayton
H W Spear, Dayton.
A. A Spear. Dayton
Mrs M A Nagrle, Sacto
E C Hart, Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
H Tod Jr. Ohio
H HtSteinbauKh, Ohio
O Steiner," New York
W' Rosenberg, N .Y '
J II Bryant, Sacto
Mrs Bryant, Sacto
W H MacLymont. Fres
R Anderson. Mexico
E H Reid, Madera -
Mrs Reid. Martera
Mrs W R Rowland,
Los Angeles
Miss Rowland. L Ang
Miss "W'hitney. Auburn
A Staley, Stanford
F B Riley, Stanford
E A Cox, San. Rafael
Mrs Cox. San Rafael
J Bparka. Reno
G R Whitcomb. Minn
R W Parry. Reno
Mrs Parry. Reno * ,
T' Flint. San Juan
D L Bartlett, 8 Joseph
Mrs Bartlett, St Joseph
J H Plnkross, London
J R Retzlnger, St Paul
M Friend. London
S g u "" es ter. Mexico
H Feehan. U S N
HA Drukker. Ohio
O M Carelton, Stanford
C Andrew, Sydney
F S J Fox. Stanford
G E Howard, Stanford
Mrs Howard.. Stanford
MrsTHGray. Stanfrd
J H Magor, Canada
G G Thorp. Jollet
Mrs Thorp. Joliet
L G Beers. Conn '
T E Theberath. Colgate
A A Levi, New York
Mrs Levl, New York
Mrs N B Scott, Wash .
R H Ensign. Conn
H S Chapman. NY
O G Gaee, Sacramento
J C Mein. Stanford ¦
K Rosenthal, Chicago
C H O'Brien, Chicago
G D Edward. N Orlns
Mrs Edwards. N Orlns
G T Scott. U S A
T Dennison, Oakland'
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss E Krehbiel, LA
J B McDonald, Seattle
Miss M Kricker. Minn
C Henderson, Vallejo
A Turner, Natoma
J Xelscn, Keswlck *
S Pomcroy, San .lose
F Whittle, Fresno
C H Cornelius & w, Cal
E Gleason, San Jose
J G Bode, Redwood Cltj
G J Gruber. Modesto
J E Hall, Pt Reyes
F Gordon. Los Ann I
N McLennan, Los Ang
United States Coast and . Geodetic- Survey-
Times and Heights of High- and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Ray. . Published by official au
¦ thority of the .Superintendent.. '. ... :¦ . ¦
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front ¦ (Missjon r street. wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height, of ttde is the same at both places.
:' . ¦ '~s"aturday. ; juxe t. • '. ; . ;
Sun rises.. .—".....:......;.......,.....,.»...... 4:43
Sun 8et3......................i....................7:M
Moon seta.........-....;.......,... 11:11 p. m.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. *S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
.' June 1. : 1.90O: • . ' ..-:..•;.:¦
' The time .ball on the tower of. the new Ferry
building was. dropped at exactly noon to-day —
i. e., at noon of the 12O.th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.; Greenwich time. ¦•
. C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. TT. S. N.. In charge.
Meats, per 1b—
Bacon ..1SS17 Pork. 6alt..'...". i ....12@15
Beef, choice lSya* Pork Chops .....VoQli
Do, good 10@12 Round Steak 10W12
?orned Beef — ©10 ISlrloin Steak. .' IS® 1 —
Ham. Eastern.. 16@17'/fc Porterhouse do....20©23
Lard — ®15 1 Smoked Beef — ©13
Mutton ..- .-.10®12 Pork Sausages.. mi®20
Spring Lamb 12@15 Veal .....12^15
Pork, fresh 152201 ;
Poultry and Game — \ <<¦ '-.'
Hens. each. ...... .5CQ65 Turkeys, per lb...la@20
ITounif Roosters. Ducks, «ach. „. ". . .60S75
each .50075 Geese, each..$I 25@2 00
Old Roosters, ea...4(>f6O Pigeons, pair 40@50
Fryers, ¦ each..:...<tf'&50 Rabbits, i'alr...,^40v'/.",0 .
Broilers; each..... 30® 40 |Hare, each.........— @M
Fruits and Nuts-- .- ¦•• ;¦ •. .".
Apricots- .".. 5@ 8 Gooseberries, 1b,.; 5@10
Aimonas, per Ib..l5w2» Qringes. dozen lutujy
Apples 4@ 6 Lemons; dozen.... 10020.
Bananas, dozen. ..10«j?) j Limes, per dozen.l<v5l2.
Blackberries. dwr50<g65 Plums., per lb...-:..8@10"
Cherries, per lb.. &(sl0,- Raisins, per lb.-... Rot1<> •
Cherry Plums. • . 'Raspberries, dwr.35g60
per lb 50 6j Peaches, per.lb.., 5§lp
Currants," dwr.....30@50;StrawDernes, per-. . 1
Figs —©231 drawer ...', '..-,. ..i.30@60
Logan Berries.per ' ¦ 1 Walnuts. p«r lb...»— ®15
drawer . v .30045 . . . -• .
VeBetables— ' . • • ¦
Artichokes, dos....SO06O ILettuce, rer. dqz..lo@—
Asparagus, per lb. 4@10IOni0ns. rer lb.... 3@ 5
Beets, dozen 12@15]Okra; dry. -per Ih. — @r>0
Beans, white, lb.. 5@— green,tb.lO<g 15
¦ Colored, per lb. . 4# 5 Potatoes, Der lb. . 3'gi a
Lima, per 1b...;— (g 1 8 Parsnips, per doz.l3@—
Cabbage, each 5®10 Rhubarb, per lb.. 4@ 6
Cauliflowers, each 5<&10 Radishes, dz bchs.lO@12.
Celery, bunch 5@— Sasre. doz bnchs...25.ti35
Cress, doz bnchs..2O@25 String Beans, lb.» 5@10
Cucumbers, per ' Summer Squash,
dozen 13S35! per lb .4^5
Egg Plant, lb....Hwl5jThyme. per lb 20<^3u
Green Corn,' doz..2Q!g'30!Turnips. per'doz.:10ffl."
1 Green Peas, lh 3@ 5|Tomatoes, per 1b.- 5@8
Lentils, per lb..-...- 6© S ;-,:¦_ ... .•',•
Fish—- ' • ¦ - . " "
Barracuda .'.....,.15®— /Shad 15®—
Carp W@12 Sea- Bass....; — @—
Codfish — trl» Smelts ......... .:..15@—
Flounders ........10@12 Soles 150—
Halibut 15@2O:Skates. each 10®15
Kingfish ...-Mgl5 Tomcod , — @13
Mackerel 20®— Clams, gallon 50$"—
Do Horse....*...— @— Do hardshell,10O.4C(^5O
Perch ;•; 15@M Crabs, each.. 10015
Pompano ..... .../!•— 4? — >Do softshell, dz.2G@35
Rockfish "..•.:....;.15fl20 Mussels, quart 10<S12
Salmon, fresh 13@— Oysters. Cal. 100..40©50
- Do, smoked... i..— @20 Do Ka«tern. doz. 25&40
Bhrlmps .....-;. -8® IQ^-.riJ^^ .. ..
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Family Retail Market.
Continued from Page Ten*
Chemistry Building Contracts.
SAN JOSE, June 1.— A. contract has
been let by Mrs. Jane L. Stanford for the
new chemistry building at the University.
The total contract is slightly in excess of
$100,000. The contractors are: Gladding,
Bean & Co., tile roofing, $7495; E. A. Het
tinger, carpenter work, $18,345; McGilvory-
Stone Company, stone work, $81,900 75;
Vulcan Iron Works, $69S7; George Gard
ner, excavating and concrete work, $7056.
All are San Francisco contractor^. The
building is to be completed In time for the
fall opening. :
Pensions Granted, Postmasters Com
missioned and Appointed and
.; Army Orders. ' ' .
Special Dispatch to The Call. .. •
. "WASHINGTON, Juno 1.— The following
pensions have been granted: ' Original-
Peter Schwab, Oakland, $6; Thomas J.
Campton, China: Flat, $6; Anselem Ai Mc-
Afee-, White House. $6. Increase-^-Edwaxd
Leak-e, Los Angeles, $12.
Oregon: Increasef-LKjuis C. Emmett,
Minnie, $S. : . • "
. The following postofflces have been es
tablished: .Washington— Cooper, Garfleld
County, Adelia . C. ¦ Denny, postmaster;
Lawton, Siiohomish County, Lewis Par
tee, postmaster. : The following postmas
ters have been commissioned: Susan Bal
lets,-Wellington, Wash.; Viola A. Kanaw
yer, "Millwood, CaJ.. The following post
masters have been appointed: Oregon —
Foster, Linn County; Mrs. Bettie Krick
son, vice Jasper D. Kolfe, resigned; Wash
ington—Bothell,King County, Gerh Erick
son, vice Mrs. Olivia Cole, resigned.
Major Frank Greene, United States Vol
unteer Signal Corps, will upon completion
of his duties at San Francisco pertain
ing to. the. purchase of supplies for the
military telegraph lines in Alaska, proceed
to Seattle on a similar duty, then to Fort
St. Michael for dutv as signal officer,
Department , of Alaska,
Rural free delivery will be established
at Watsonville, Santa Cruz County
June 11. ' r
¦'¦ ¦» ¦
BIGTHS OF (THE ETEGBO.
Seriate to Investigate Disfranchise
ment Because of Bace.
WASHINGTON. June 1.— The Senate
Committee on Privileges and Elections to
day had under; consideration' 1 Senator
Prltchard's resolution declaring exclusion
from the privilege of franchise because of
race to be unconstltuionaU The commit
tee decided to recommend the adoption of
a substitute directing the committee to in
vestigate whether such exclusion is an
tagonistic to the constitution. The substi
tute passed the committee by a party vote
and if it is agreed to by the Senate the In
vestigation will be undertaken- by the
committee.- The resolution is predicated
on coi>ditians in North Carolina, but con
siderable interest is manifested- in- it • by
Senators from all the Southern States.
Death of Antone Rockin.
SAN JOSE, "June 1.— Antone Rockin,
the • oldest . Native Son in San Jose, is
dead. He was born sixty-six years" ago In
this- city, then a mere hamlet, and had
lived here almost continuously ever since.
He was of Spanish descent, and his father
was in the service of Marquis Bernal.
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
TO SAIL.
ARRIVED.
"* - Friday. June I.
Stmr MariBOsa. Houdlette. 23 days 1 hour
from Sydney, via Honolulu fi days • hours and
10 minutes.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, 15 days from,
Mendocino.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Hlnkle. S3 hours from Ca
yucos.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund. S3 houra froni
Port' Los Angeles. •- : •
Stmr Walla i Walla. Hal!, 53*i hours froa
Victoria, etc. ; ' ¦
Stmr City of Sydney. McLean, 21 days from
Panama, ete. ' ¦ '
Stmr Alcazar. Martin. 43 houra from Port
Los Anseles.
Ger stmr Luxor. Tlmmennan. 113 days from
Hamburg and way ports, via Saa Diego 43
hours.
Bktn Arago, Perry. 44 days from Knappton.'
Schr Metha Nelson, Rice, 28 days from Ka
hului.
Schr Lucy, Peterson. 9 days from Port Blake
ley. ¦:¦-.¦¦-.:¦
CLEARED.
Friday, June. 1
Stmr State of California. Astoria; Coodail.
Perkins & Co.
¦Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Br. stmr Alsoa. McLean. 21 days frora Pa
nama, etc. . :
Brship Bardowie, Suiter, Queenstown; Ep
rlnrer & Co.
Bark Olympic, Gibs, Honolulu; Wllliacj,
Dimond & Co.
• Schr Gem, Nelson. Ujrashlk.
SAILED.
¦Friday. June L
Stmr Greenwood. Facerlund, Greenwood.
S^mr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
U- S. stmr Sherman. Grant, Manila. '.~:
I5r stmr Alsoa. . Hansford. Hongkong, etc.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre. Chematnus.
Br ship Sierra Pedmsa, Starkey, Queenstown.
Schr J Epdnger, Sklrper, w
Schr. Albion. Goodmanaen. Coquilla River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June l. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NTS', velocity 3> miles.
FOREIGN PORTS
:.¦-•. . SPOKEN.
May 15. lat 42 Jf, Ion 17 W— Br ship Fbrte
vipt. from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS. . N
SEATTLE— Arrived ' May 31— Stmr City of
Topeka. from Skaguay; U S stmr Lawton,
hence May 24.
Sailed May 31— Stmr Rosalie, for Skaguay.
Sailed June 1 — Schr Bangor. for St Michael;
schr Harriet, for Cape Nome.
GRAYS HARBOR— Launched May 31— Schr
A R. Johnson.
USAL— Sailed June 1— Stmr Navarro. far San
Francisco. •-.-.-. •
ALBION— Arrived June I— Stmr South Coast,
hence May 21. "¦•-..
EUREKA— Arrived June 1— Stmr North Fork,
hence May 30; stmr Del Norte, from Coos Bay.
¦ Sailed June 1— Stmr Del Ncrte, for San Fran
cisco. ¦ ¦ • . ¦• :'
Sailed June I— Stmr "Westport. for San Fran-
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed June 1— Stmr
Newburg, and tug Collls, for San Frasclsoo;
ship James Drummond, for Cheroalnus. ¦
ASTORIA— Sailed June 1— Br ship Allertda,
for Queenstown.
GREENWOOP — Arrived June 1 — 8tmr
Greenwood, hence May 31.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June I— Bark Colo
ma, from San Diero. . ;
BAN'PON— Arrived June 1— Schr Conflanza.
hence May 20; schr. Joseph and Henry, hence
May 22. .
' MANILA — Arrived May 22— Er >Unr Asama,
from New York.
TYN'E— Arrived May 31— Ft bark Marguerite
Molinoa. hence Feb 2.
FALMOUTIfc-Sailed June 1— Er bark Alde
baran. for Antwerp.
¦ SWANSEA— Sailed June 1— Br bark Iaver
urie. tor San Francisco.
CARDIFF— Sailed June I— Br barS St Marys,
for Victoria. :
ACAPULCO— Sailed May 25— Stmr Xetrport.
for Panama; stmr City of Panama, for Pa-»
nama. May 31 — Stmr City of Para, for San.
Francisco. ¦
HAKODATE— Arrived June 1— Schr Muriel,
from Shanghai, to load for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived May 31— Br ship
James Kerr, to load for San Francisco.
Chartered to load at Newcastle. NSW— Br
bark Adderley. for Honolulu; Fr bark Amiral
Troude, Fr bark Chas Gounod, for San Fran
d"co: Br shin Claverdon. schr Columbia, Br
bark Dominion. Br ship Fannie Kerr. for San
Francisco: Fr bark Fervaal. for San Fran
cisco; bark Hollls-wood. for Honolulu: Br bark
Invermark, for San Francisco: shfp Invincible,
ship J R Brown, for Honolulu; Fr b»rk La
Fountains, Fr bark Lamoriciere, Br ship Oa
borne for San Francisco; Br ship Persever
anee. for Honolulu: bark Sea King. Hot baric
Stjorn, for Honolulu; Br bark Strathdon. for
San Francisco: schr Wm Bowden. bark Abby
Palmer, scbr Benida, for Honolulu : Br ship
Cape Wrath. Br ship Celticburn. for San Fran
clsco'' Br ship Crocodile, for San. Francisco ;
Br ship Dachroont. for Honolulu; 3r ship Du
chalburn for. San Francisco: Haw ship Eu
terpe for Honolulu; Nor bark Fantasi. bark
Fresno, bark Harvester, for Honolulu: Br bark
Invercor, Br bark Inversarry, Br ship Irby.
Br ship James Kerr. for San Francisco; barle
James Nesmlth. for Honolulu or- San Fran
*3alied Aorll 12— Bark Carondelet. for' Ilono
luhi. April 14— Br ship Afghanistan, for San
Francisco: bark Kesper. - for Honolulu. ¦ April
IS Br bark Angola, for Manila. April 20 — Br
ship Port Elejn. for San Fraadsco. . April 21—
Sehr James Rolph. for Kahului; schr Wea. for
Honolulu: Br ship Ancalos. for San Francisco.
April 25— Bark Louisiana, for Honolulu. May 3
— Br ship Sir Robert Ferale. for San Francisco;
Br ahiD Lord Duncan, for San Francisco.. May
g Br ship Hlddeke!, for San Francisco; ship
Ivy. for Honolulu. .
In port May 9— Br ship City of Hankr»w. for
HonolJlu: B? ship Clalrserne. for San Fran
cisco; Ital ship Elisa, for Honolulu: bark Em
pire for Honolulu; bark Gen Fairchtld. for
Honolulu: Br-shlp GJencalrd. for San Fran
cisco; Haw ship John Ena. for San Francisco:
schr King Cyrus, for Kahului; ship Marlon
Chllcott. for Honolulu; Br ship Republic, ship
Wachusett. schr W H Talbot, Br Dark Wool
lahra. ror HonoInlO. ¦
HONOLULU— Arrived May 25— Stmr Maripo
ea, from Sydney; bark Albert, hence May 12:
Jap stmr America Mam. hence May- 13.
Sailed May 24-^Stmr Alameda. for Sydney:
bktn S N Castle, for San Francisco: ship St
Francis, for New York.
COLON— Arrived May 30— Stmr Advance, from
New York. • . , •'" ' =
Sailed Mar 30— Stmr AHlanea. for New Tork.
LAS PALMAS— Arrived May »-Oer stmr
Volumnla. hence Feb 18. for Hamburg. . \
VICTORIA-Arrtved May 27-Br ship Sena
tor, from Callao.
OCEAN STEAMERS..
MOVILLE— Sailed June 1— Stmr Ethiopia,
from Glasgow, for New Tork; stmr Parisian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed June J— Stmr Co
lumbia, from Hamburg, for Xew York, via
Cherbourg. -
GENOA — Arrived June 1 — 3tmr Werra. from
Jfew Tor 1 *, via Gibraltar and Naples. • -
CHERBOURCV-Palled June 1— Stmr Colum
bia, from Hamburg and Southampton, for New
York.
Flow of Rivers..
Following Is a statement of the, estimated
flow of certain California rivers in_ cubic feet
per second, or second feet, , one second foot
equaling -50 California miners* Inches, or about
40 Colorado misers' Inches. The figures are
from J. B. • Llpplncott of the United States
Geological Survey:
KIXG3 RIVER AT' RED MOUNTAIN.
r. " Second Feet.
DATE. -/ i , ::
1S99. 1000.
May 20 S4»
May 21 ...:..•...» 44DO
May 22.:..... 4200 ...»
May ::.. 4490 — .
Mar 24 46S0
May 23 , .' r,:-:o
May 26. srso ..
. SAX JOAQUIX RIVER AT HERXDOX.
Second Feet.
DATE. " .
1899. 1900.
May VI. 3S0O 8574
May a. ; 3360 8145
May 12. i JSOO. *S33
May 23.... i 4T75 9730
May 24... ;.. 49SO 8410
May 25 4570 7354
May 26 3SS3 7354
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
) t SECOND FEET.
DATE. Mn'gCc Turlock Tofl
1S39 1300 Ditch. Canal. 1900
May 20. S439 9320 U 139 »4S3
May 21 5203 90C0 24 ' 133 91G3
May 22 4S34 9000 24 139 9163
May 23...... 6434 8360 24 133 8523
May Cl 5209 8650 24 133 8S43
May 23 4344 8040 24 133 SSJS
May i»..,.. . 2924 8880 24 139 8S43
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
. ¦ ' -. Second F«et.
DATE. [ .
. ' 1393. J 1900.
May 20 2130 430
May 2L -253 8750
May 22. 2150 3730:
May 23: 2570 jtCi)
May 24 2430 3750 '
May 25 2C25 33S0
May 26 173Q 373Q
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLY3 FERRT.
. Second Feet.
DATE. .
._ 1S39. 1900.
May 2a 4730 8330
May 21,. K0O 8070
May 23 (030 7S0»
May 23. C63 7530
May 24 c«5 7350
May 25 «500 T263
May 28 6500 72S5
APIA, Samoa. Slay 1.— In Tutuila the
American representative, in tho person of
Commander Tilly of the United States
steamship Aberanda, has had a much
more agreeable and- pleasant experience
than Dr. ¦ Solf , the German representative
at Apia. The natives hailed with enthu-
Elasm the hoisting, of "Old Glory," and of
their own volitfon presented to the mili
tary commander a formal deed of cession,
at the same time assuring . him . of their
joy at coming under the shadow of the
Stars and Stripes.
.At Manu'a, the island lying east of Tutu-
Ila. the chiefs have requested Commander
Tilly to visit the islajid in person and
there hoist the flag. This he consented to
do, and the date fixed for the function
was the 17th of May, but at the time of
writing there Is no news from that place.
Customs regulations have been promul
gated :by the commandant. The only port
of entry in Tutulla Is Pagor Pago. The du
ties are the same as formerly collected
under the Berlin treaty, with the one ex
ception that the export duty on copra has
been abolished. Lands are not to be alien
ated by the natives, although lands may
be leased for a period not exceeding forty
years, with the approval of the command
ant. The natives will be governed in dls-:
trlcts. There are three districts, each un
der a chief. - : ¦
' Under the chiefs are the judges *nd vil
lage magistrates, and an appeal lies from
all to the commandant; ' •
The importation of arms and ammuni
tion is strictly prohibited. In the form
ing and 'promulgation of these laws the
commandant has been aided by E. W.
Gurr, formerly of Apia, solicitor and one
of the attorneys for Malietoa fn the late
kingship trial. He has been appointed
Secretary for Nati\*e Affairs, and this ap
pointment is popular with the natives,
.who are very pleased with the command
ant: for such a choice. As the whole of
Tutulla was formerly on the side of Malie
toa there are no factious differences to
reconcile, and all Tutuila is now a happy
and contented group of islands.
Customs Regulations arid Duties Are
Very Similar to Those in Force
Under the . Berlin
Treaty. ¦
AMERICAN FLAG
IS WELCOMED
IN TUTUILA
Natives Voluntarily Pre
sent Commander Tilly
With Cession Deed.
WASHINGTON, June L — Robert
Watchorn, supervising special immigrant
Inspector at Tacoma, Wash., In a tele
gram to Commissioner General Pqwderly
to-day, states that two steamers have
arrived at Victoria, B. C, within the
last two days with 900 Japanese immi
grants destined for the United i States,
presumably to' avoid possible deportation.
T.he Inspection of the arrivals by the
steamship ¦ Glenogle had been completed,
with the result that fifty Japanese immi
grants were -ordered deported.
• In the course of a letter received by
Mr. Powderly, Mr. Watchorn says that
"public sentiment in Tacoma is strongly
against the so-called 'invasion' of Jap
anese, and by public meetings, newspa
per criticism and discussions in the meet-
Ings, of worklngmen's unions an anti-Jap
anese sentiment is being cultivated very
thoroughly, and all political conventions
(without regard to party) recently held on
this coast and in adjacent States have
vigorously declared in favor of restrict
ing or prohibiting Janapese immigration."
In discussing this matter in a subse
quent letter Mr. Watchorn says: ¦
"Despite the general public • outcry
against this so-called Invasion of Jap
anese, 1 am: quite unable to Identify my
self with the publicly expressed senti
ment that it is- an unmixed evil. The
cleanliness of . the average Japanese im
migrant, tho. abundance' and condition, of
wearing apparel, the amount of cash he
possesses, the diversified Industries they
present,, their. numerous and widely sep
arate^ destinations, . Uieir health and
youth'fulness, all. tend, in my opinion, to
deprive the so-called influx of much mis-
Considered da-nger tp the peace and wel
fare of society. Nevertheless it Is quite
apparent i-iat there Is someunlawful im
migration being conducted as a purely
commercial enterprise."
Inspector W^tchorn, in Commenting
on the Immigrants, Says the
" Brown Men Impressed Him
Very Favorably.
Round- About Way Taken
to Avoid Possible
Deportation.
RUNDREDSOF
JAPANESE LAND
AT VICTORIA
Do 4s 103U — IPaauhau S Co. $1% 3S
Do 3d mtg..l01Vil01% Miscellaneous—
Stooktn Gas 6s 99 — Al Pack Assn.llS 11SH
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn. — —
Contra \Costa..' 72U 72'i Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marin . County. 50 — Oceanic S Co. — M •
Spring Valley. 93 95V4 Pac A F A...". 3 —
Gas & Elegtric— Pac C Bor Co.143 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P 3V4 —
Morning Session.
70 Contra 'Costa Water •• 72 23
£5 Giant Powder Con ....¦ 87 50
20 Giant Powder Con 87 tSQ
125 Honokaa S Co 33 73
160 Makaweli 47 73
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s.. 117 50
$3000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 8 5 118 50
670 Paauhau S P Co 31 S7» t
70 Paauhau S P Co b 10 SI &V*
10 Pacific Lighting 44 0O
J2G00 S F & S J V bonds 11»^3
J5000 S P of A bonds 1» 00
12000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage).. ...101 50
Afternoon Session. .
95 Contra Costa. Water 72 25
10 Giant Powder Con 87 61%
20 Giant Powder Con . ••• S3 2o
85 Giant Powder Con &> *>
.lOHonokaa S Co •\5S,,
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds 107 12*j
J8000 S P of A bonds 114 00
70 Spring Valley Water 9o 00
Street—
$1000 N P C R R 5s bonds 108 23
$1,000 S F & S J V bonds 119 &».
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
McrBlnar Session.
¦S^wfc. Board— '.'•-.'>; : v " '
200 American Fue.1 „ <*
25 Kern River U 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
16 2-3 Home Oil.. : '-"IS
100 Home Oil »r:r»rJS
25 Homestake •• u °°
. STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
. . ' Morning Session. •
200 Chollar 23; SOO Savage 14
100 Con Cal & Va..l 45 100 Sierra Nevada.. 32
•JCOO Con Imperial... 01! 50 Standard 4 70
SOO Ophlr 55i 200 Union Con 20
400 Potosi .: 22! 200 Utah "..-.: 07
200 Savage .,: 13 1 300 Yellow Jacket.. 15
Afternoon Session.
1(XT Andes O7' # 2OO Ophir «0
700 Best & Belcher. 301 500 Potosi-.. 24
500 Chollar .• -26 1 7u0 Savage 1*
700 Con Cal : & Va..l 55 100 Sierra Nevada.. 34
100 Gould &•- Curry. 16 20 Yellow Jacket.. 13
100 Justice .^^v. • 09
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
- Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. .29 200 Mexican 24
200 Best & B«!cher. 30 20ff Mexican 27
200 Challenge Con.. 13 200 Ophlr .. ..... 55
.SOO Chollar 24 20*> Ophlr 57
SOO Chollar 23 100 Ophir .'. £3
1500 Chollar 25 3CO Overman IS
Soo Con Cal & Va..l 45 200- Sierra Nevada.. 30
200 Con Cal & Va..l 50 6%) Sierra Nevada.. 31
600 C C & Va 1 52'^
Afternoon Ses3lon.
200 Alpha Con 03} $00 Mexican ..!..... 29
1000 Alta ..: ;, 04 1200 Mexican 30
500 Andes .". 07 300 Ophlr «1
1600 Best & Belcher. 31; 1500 Ophlr ........... 60
100O Best & Belcher. 301 2iV> Overman .19
200 Best & Belcher. RniQO Potosi 25
900 Chollar 26j 900 Potosi ......
»40rtChoilar 25 500 Potosi 26
«00 Con Cal. & Va..l o3! SCO i^avage 14
1500 C C & Va 1 57HI1600 Sierra Nevada.. 35
SCO Con Cal & Va..l 6O-40O Silver Hill. 34
500 C C & Va 1 62^1 150 Silver Hill 33
200 Crown Point.... 10 1200 Union Con 23
600 Gould & Curry. 18 TOO Utah 0j
200 Lady Washngtn 02 200 Utah OS
10*0 Mexican 2S 500 Yellow Jacket.. 17
500 Mexican 27 - •
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, June 1 — 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 OSjJustice ..: C3 09
•Alta 03 04'Kentuek — 01
Andes 06 OS Lady Washngtn • 02 03
Belcher ...-., 20 22:Mexican ..." '. ID 30
Best & Belcher. 31 33 Occidental 12 14
Bullion 02 04;Ophir ;...:. 63 65
Caledonia 1 15 1 25 Overpian 1* 19
Chollar 26. i7Potosi ..»»...*. 25 26
Challenge Con.. 14 15 Ravage ......... It 15
Confidence 65 73 Scorpion' — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 6.V Seg Belcher.... .C2 oa
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada.. 38 3T
Con New York. — 03 Silver Hill 23 36
Crown Point.... 10 11 |St Louis ....... — 13
Eureka Con — 5O'£»tandard .......4 EO —
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate .06 CR
Gonld & Curry. 15 16jUnlon Con...... 24. 25
Hale & Norc... 2S ZStUtah 08 09
Julia — C2iTellow Jacket.. IS 17
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 2, 1900,
Shipping Intelligence'.
CALL CALENDAR.
June, 1300.
THE STOCK MARKET.
13
TO ' ARRIVE.
Sun/ Moon and Tide,
S. fM. I T..|"W. ] T. I F. I S. I Moon's Phases.
¦ . . 1 2 -jk First Quarter,
;•— ; — ; • — ¦ j9 . June 4.
_*__* t — JLJ. LA Fu» Moon.
10 11 12 13 14 13 is W. June 12,
•— ¦ ' ¦ — - — r — ¦ ¦ — • iff- ¦ Last Quarter,
JL JL J!_ —. JL JL *&- -June 19. --' :
24 25 26 .27 23 29 30 gsi New Moon.
¦ :-^_r_ ¦- - \&r June. 28. .
Steamer.
•om.
me.
Coos Bay Newport...- •. June 2
Robt/Alja-mson. Xanalrno.... ;. Juce 2
MackinaV> Seattle.... _ June 2
Universe Oystet- Harbor..". June ¦ 2
Arcata Coos Bay Juns 3
Del Norte Oregon Ports... June 3
Columbia Portland.. June 4
Corona San Diego ~ June 4
North Fork Humboldt Jane 4
Wellington Oyster Harbor June 4
Hongkong Maru China and Japan June 5
Warfleld Oyster. Harbor June S
Washtfcnaw ..*. Tacoma June 5
Bonlta Newport June C
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound June 6
Crescent City... Crescent' City June 7
City of Para.... Panama. June 7
Santa Rosa San Diego June 8
Point Arena.... Mendocino. June S
State of Cal.... Portland ".. June 9
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
I Pier.
State or Cal Portland . June 2. 11am Her 14
Santa Rosa. San Diego June 2, 11 am Pi»r 11
San Jose.... j Cape Nome.-. June 2, 2 pm Pier 34
Humboldt . Cape Nome.... June 2. 10 ampler^
Pomona .... Humboldt [June 2. 2 pm I Pier 9
Queen ..;.. Pug« Sound.. [June .8, I pm|Pler 9
ft. Arena.. Point Arena.. June 4, 2 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay:.. Newport June 4. 9amlPlerll
VVal Walla. Vic & Pgt Sd. June 5. 11 amfPfer 9
Arcata- Coob Bay.:.... June 5, 12 m[Mer 1J
Del Norte.. Orepon Ports. June. 5. 8 am'Pler »
Corcna, San Dieito June «. It am; Pier 11
Qaelic ...... China & Japan June 6. 1 pm|PMSS
Columbia .. Portland. June 7, UamtPteMJ
North Fork Humbnldt June 7. 9 am Pier 2
ruracao Mexico June 7. 10 ami Pier 11
Bontta. Xewisort. ...... Jur-e S. 9 am Pier 11
CTltjr Sydney Panama ... June 8. 12 m'PMSS
U:xor Europe. ... June 9, j
S. fM. I T..|"W. ] T. I F. I S. I Moon's Phases.
¦ . . 1 2 -jk First Quarter,
;•— ; — ; • — ¦ j9 . June 4.
_*__* t — JLJ. LA Fu» Moon.
10 11 12 13 14 13 is W. June 12,
•— ¦ ' ¦ — - — r — ¦ ¦ — • iff- ¦ Last Quarter,
JL JL J!_ —. JL JL *&- -June 19. --' :
24 25 26 .27 23 29 30 gsi New Moon.
¦ :-^_r_ ¦- - \&r June. 28. .
Steamer.
•om.
me.
Coos Bay Newport...- •. June 2
Robt/Alja-mson. Xanalrno.... ;. Juce 2
MackinaV> Seattle.... _ June 2
Universe Oystet- Harbor..". June ¦ 2
Arcata Coos Bay Juns 3
Del Norte Oregon Ports... June 3
Columbia Portland.. June 4
Corona San Diego ~ June 4
North Fork Humboldt Jane 4
Wellington Oyster Harbor June 4
Hongkong Maru China and Japan June 5
Warfleld Oyster. Harbor June S
Washtfcnaw ..*. Tacoma June 5
Bonlta Newport June C
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound June 6
Crescent City... Crescent' City June 7
City of Para.... Panama. June 7
Santa Rosa San Diego June 8
Point Arena.... Mendocino. June S
State of Cal.... Portland ".. June 9
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
I Pier.
State or Cal Portland . June 2. 11am Her 14
Santa Rosa. San Diego June 2, 11 am Pi»r 11
San Jose.... j Cape Nome.-. June 2, 2 pm Pier 34
Humboldt . Cape Nome.... June 2. 10 ampler^
Pomona .... Humboldt [June 2. 2 pm I Pier 9
Queen ..;.. Pug« Sound.. [June .8, I pm|Pler 9
ft. Arena.. Point Arena.. June 4, 2 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay:.. Newport June 4. 9amlPlerll
VVal Walla. Vic & Pgt Sd. June 5. 11 amfPfer 9
Arcata- Coob Bay.:.... June 5, 12 m[Mer 1J
Del Norte.. Orepon Ports. June. 5. 8 am'Pler »
Corcna, San Dieito June «. It am; Pier 11
Qaelic ...... China & Japan June 6. 1 pm|PMSS
Columbia .. Portland. June 7, UamtPteMJ
North Fork Humbnldt June 7. 9 am Pier 2
ruracao Mexico June 7. 10 ami Pier 11
Bontta. Xewisort. ...... Jur-e S. 9 am Pier 11
CTltjr Sydney Panama ... June 8. 12 m'PMSS
U:xor Europe. ... June 9, j
Switzerland .uses more postal cards ¦ In
proportion to Its population than any
other nation In Europe.
Itr.AI, ESTATE-; — CITY FOIL SALE.
If you have rrcperty nrrth of the Park, cr
Homer's Addition and the Mission, that you
«ar,t to dispose of. ihen call on W. J.
CCXX, EM Csllfornia Et. >- — ">
1IOICKX houses and flats - built at lowest
prW-s; plans and .estimates furnished for all
tuiMing work. CAMPBELL. 1117 Mission ft.
UEAL ESTATE COCVriiY For Sale
LOS GATOS— For sale, a very desirable prop-
erty: 6 79-100 acres. -. mostly within town
limits: Rood;larpe house, etc.: alsp a com-
fortable &-room house,- with bath: beautifully
situated; climate unexcelled: Broad and Nar-
ro»-pauKe trains. Address Owner, box 266,
T»ok Gstus.
FOR sale— 320 acres school land en Mt. San-
hedrin, Lal:e Co.; very ch»ap: best eltuated
tor a summer resort. Box 2835. Call office.
FOR 6ale — Rare bargain; Easi Jo»e residence.
Adr!rre« S. C. PPKRO, care Call. S. F.
ROSS VALLEV. REAL ESTATE. :;
BOSS VAIXY lots— SOrlOrt. CO, or larger pieces
in proportion: San Jlafael water eys:em; fine
view; eprlnkT^S rr-ad;^ minutes* walk from
new Fttt:<>n of Kent; 13 minutes- from Ross
¦Ftaf.on; .flier and all trains stop at these sta-
tions. Apply P. ROPF. -Kent Station, or C. H.
PTANYAN. !1 Market ft.. San Francisco.
ROOMS FUR IIOtSEKKEri.XG. •
CLAY, T«T1. near "Fillmore— 2 larre unfurnished
rocms; yard: water: rear: rent V.
EX>DY. SIT — Nice Fur.ny connectlnp rooms; fur-
nished ; no children; I private residence.
ELLIS. 230 — Two small sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms In rear: JS.
FOLPOM. £34— Large sunny bay-window room;
kitchen; closets; bath; everything priv.'; »3 to.
HARRTJOX, 731— Fror.t and back ; parlor fur-
nished complete for housekeeping: larre yard;
rent }!3. ' - 7;/,. ; : '¦".-'"
IJOWARD, ttS*&. T.T. Fourth— Sur.ny furniehed
back and fror.t rocm? for housekeeping.
noW'ARD. S40— Two rooms: housekeeping: 17. -..
IIO'U'ARD, 1606— A tingle room for light house-
kef pin? . cheap. ¦ .. 'I
HYPK. 4."»— Sunny fror.t suite comijlete for
housoke^ptag, tit: al^o front parlor suite.- . .'•'
JONHS. fW. corner Greenwich — I large: sunny
fror.t rooms; Is-rge yard; $10 a month.
MIS?ION. &45— T»o large sunny housekeeping
rooms, complete. -;V ¦• :'-'«»
MISSION. U21— Housekeepir.Er rooms. J10 Suite
and uy; no objecllcn to children..
MINNA, S71. near Fifth— Airy back chamber;
sun all day; water, stove, etc.: private family.
NINTH. 1T2— Large frcnt bay-window room,
eultable light housekeeping; rent cheap.;.
NOE. 1EL near Market— 2 sunny bay-window
'. rooms; modern flat; complete for housekeep-
ing; j^ _^ ..- . . .:¦ -.-¦¦¦'• :
OAK, US— E:n*rl« rooms: sunny, tront: famished
for housekeeping; t£ : , $6 aad.;>S each.:; . -
TOPT. &C2— ?ur.r.y hostsekeepicg rooms. J1S and
$20; other funr.y rooms. $7 and $10. "| ;
POWELL, i-ll'i— Desirable -unfurnished kitchen
and large, punhy rm.; -neighborhood nice; 5S.
POWELL. KOI— Large: front room: also house-
keeping and single roeme; gas and bath.
BT. JASIES. cor. McAJlirter and Laguna— See
car select epartmest hous» for .families;
har.dscn-ifly furnifhe.4. tunny front eulte, J16;
eir.gle lar^e room. : JS; modern fittings for
llgfct houtekeeping.l ; - .-. ; ¦.
TEHA1U. C2 — S or 3 rooms, furnished; station-
ary tubs; rent reascnable. -j :,'.
TENTH. 1ZH. near Market— Punnr kitchen and
b.-'ir^rrn adjoining,, complete fer housekeep-
ing; fC - : . .
TV.T.VTY-THIRD, 3716, nr.. Dolores— 2 suites of
tunny bay-window rooms ; nice. neat.
ROOMS TO LKT— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, US Sixth— Rooms
23c to *1 p»r night, $1 £5 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BOHEMIA. 23* Post— Sunny ccraer euites to
ptntlemen and families: references given; ele-
vator; all conven'cey; tourists accommodated.
BURNETT. 14:6 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
r.'5hed rms.. suites, Elngle; also unfurnished.
CAPP, OBl n^ar Pever.te«»nth— Three sunny un-
furrr.fh»d rorras; r»nt $10: water free.
EJOHTH. *CB— Large neatly furnished eunny
roorr:: bath; $6; private family.
Pi 'LSOM. &C-. corner Sixth— ?u'.te of S eleeant
fjnr.y rnrner r->oms, suitable for doctor.
FOLSOM. ",S — Three unrurnlsh«d roorcs for
housekeeping; hot and cold water.
FOL5CM. Sto. ccr. £:h /Tb- Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished sucny rootas. elcgle or suites ;reasoni>l.
GEARY. 4«5 <The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rocn;?; »altes cr single: travelers accora'datcd.
GEARY. 1012— On* r.eat eunny room; furniehed
or ucfumi?hed. ¦
GOLL'EN GATE b\-«.. 133. corner Hyde— Two
front rooms; single or housekeeping;
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
zr.i Misblon sts.— Eur.ny rooms, en suite or
t:r.E:e; ladies' parler; reading rocmr elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission St.— Select
r»aiily rooming house; tl E0 to {6 per week.
BATES. W5, cor. Van Ness ave.— Sunny room,
pultabie for gentieiaan. So. . ; - ..- . ¦
HOTEL Francisco -Elegant suites: single; traa-
sier.t; baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
KOWAT.D. ST>— Rooiss from SI week up tp $3;
15c ta tl DlcbtJ also housekeeping rooms.- '
JESSIE. C3. off Seventh— Furnished f.at; also
raotaa, . .: •
LHAVEN WORTH. 1K1— 3 upstairs rooms; rent
jio. :• ..¦ • :
5IAFiON..tiC;->Ni«'!y furnished single rooms.
M'-Al-LIPTTCn. ltfl%j*'T<ctltJ sunny rooms; run-
ning water. saF ani bath^ rent $5 an«i $€.
MINNA. 6C7. cor. E1srWh--Nrw furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
UXSROX, 1H4, near Uth— Slnste sunny front
r'^in: private family: tl 25 w»»Jt.
NINTH. ISt — Sur.ny Tront roomf; furnished for
1 or I pfTscn?: in private German family.
OTARP.E1.L, i't-.SUsny furnished rooms and
offlof : t!evator: ele.ctric lljthts; day.: wk... mo.
POn"ElA. in— L'.rti. clean rat., suit&s or sin-
gle; tranrl-r.f. running water: rate* reduced.
RO?»-:DALE HfJM.SW and Ml Ellis st!— Rocnw.
right. 2Sc to $1; week. $1 th to $4: open night.
HOYAL HOUSE, KC "EMI'! «t.— Incandescent
light, resdlng room. Ejrjoklng room aad ladles'
ptrlor; rooms, per night. S5c to $1 SO; we**k, (2
to $?; rncnth. $8 to 110; elr» - ator on office floor;
room* with hot 'and -odd water: baths.
EHERMAX Apartis^Bt House. M Eighth st..
rear Market—-F*urr.lshed and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, ns— An elegant parW suite; pun all
day; also single rdpra from $8 up. : .
THE OAKS. 11> Third— A gqpd rooming house
fcr road people. B.i HUGHES, proprietor.
TURK". £39 — Nicely furnished bay-window room,
with, bath; terms; »-asonable. • - ;
TWO nicely furnished tunny rocrni; together
or separate: ren-f: reasonable. Inquire 15H
Paclflc a\-e.. between Larkin and Polk.
ROOMS. AM) BOARD.
MARKET. 1MSA (Hetel Robinson)— Furn. rms.,
with first -class board: double. $19 wk. ; single.
$25 rno. • modern: elevator: table board. $4 wk.;
g>*al«. 25c MRS. M. C. .ROBINSON. Prop.
HAIGHT, 222— Sunny rooms, with br without
beard. .
LAS PALMAS. 1 £20. Market et.— Suite of 2 or 3
rmr.: private: bath: sin, rrw.; board optional.
KOOMS AXD- .BOARD WASTED.
WANTED— Young married couple, without
children, to care for bey goin/r to school. Ad-
dreyg. rtatlrg lowest terms, box 7192. Call.
KOO31S WANTED.'
ROOM wanted by gentleman In private family
and two gays' board a week. Box 4223. Call.
.; SAISALITO BOOMS TO }^J-_ _
5At"gALITO; 2 tiir.ny rooms; gentlemen; In
private family: location;, near sta--
ti-.-r.. DR. CRUMPTOy. a?rent. Saufallto.
SPECIAL 5OTICE9.
_ _ 2 *
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. VJ> Montgomery gtjrocmg 5-10; tel. S550.
J-.OOMS papered from W; whitened. Jl up:
painting aon*. Hartman Paint Co..- 319 Third:
SEWING MACHINES AXO SUPPLIES.
ALL klrds bought, sold, and repairing cuaran-
t&pa. Cfcaii. Plambeck.. 1»15 Mission, nr. 15th.
HEXTED, rcr*lred, :bought. rold; machine bup-
pll*«. 6tant!ard Agency. 145 6th: phone Mint *i.
ALL ktr.Si bousht; *old. exchanged. , r«nted;
repairing at lowest rates. 2CS Fourth et. .
CHEAPEST and b«st in America— The Weekly
'"r.il. 16 pages, ver.t to. any address In the
I'nltfd States or Canada on* year for IL
TVl'EWRITEtlS AXD SUPPLIES.
CHEAT BARGAtsFs IN^TYPEWKITErS^wi
r«rl, better machines for less money tnan any
l.oune in tbe city; rental*, O. The Typewriter
Eichtr.gr, iZS California, telephone Mala 26t.
storage: and warehouses.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.
tel. South SS5— Packing, moving and i storage.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 57H.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore et.: phene Jackson 281.-
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEJJA REAL ESTATE.
— . { *_^
FOR nale — A lovely new home of 8 rpoms and
bath, reception hall and basement; choice lo-
cation; terms; at a nominal price; also house
of .7 rocms. larjre lot, $2700, terms; house o*
6 rooms. tSOOO. terms. J. H. YOUNG, builder,
1^43 Park «t. .
IMPROVEDand unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure: bargains; one-fifth cash; bal-
ance in 1. 2, 3 or 4 years. Alameda Savings
Bank. • V •
FpiTVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale cheap— A nice new house. In Fruit-
vale, near station. Apply corner Putnam st.
and Merrel ave. ; terms easy.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAy.
T OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. •
AT AUCTION. ~ ~~i £
j AT AUCTION. . : - :
... AT AUCTION. • . :.' .
: i AT AUCTION.
. . AT AUCTION. "
I " - . ¦ AT AUCTION.
Saturday, June 2. 2 p. m., at salesroom. .
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
460 and <62 Eighth st.. Oakland. ¦
. EXECUTOR'S SALE. ¦ • . • .
'•= Subject to confirmation of. court:. .-•
.-:;< : No. L " ¦ :
Starr estate. S. E. *or. . Fifth ave. and East
Tenth st.; elegant (Starr) residence; 15 rooms;-
furnace; stable; lot 125x140 or 200x140; location
choicest in East Oakland. ' • .-
¦ . No. 2. .•¦•¦•
;i FINE RESIDENCE LOTS. "" •
-Adjoining abort". N. E. cor. Fifth ave. and
Eait Ninth St., Clinton Station; opposite elegant
mansion of W. S. Goodfellow;in 4 subdivisions,
37:6 and 60x140 each; don't fall to see them. •
No. 3. ' - - • • • "
EXECUTOR'S SALE." . : -
Waters estate 8. W. cor. Tenth, and Webster
sts.; 50x75; business lots for stores or fiat*; 2
blocks of First National Bank- (Tenth and
Broadway): lot is outside of new fire limits.
MAGNIFICENT COTTAGE HOUSE. :
1510 West St.. Mafk»t or narrow-gauge sta-
tions: 8 rooms; modern; curly redwood finished:
mantels, gas. etc.; 35X100; only. $500 -cash, bal-
ance 8 i>er cent; rents $23 month: • S
EAST OAKLAND BUSINESS BLOCK. .
7£» and 76S«-i East Kth et., bet. 15th and. 16th
aves.: 2-stpry brick building; store and upper
flat; lot 20x140 to alley: iterms- cash; .
INCOME' FLATS.
S. E. cor. Sixth and Castro sts.. Market-st.
Etation; modern building; each 5' rooms, .bath,
gas. mantel; brick foundation;' lot 37:6x75; fln«
location for store; only $400 cash, .balance five
yearly payments; rents 127 50 month. •
-.:¦•¦ 'EASY TERM RESIDENCE. •
677 Sixth Et.. near Castro, adjoining above; 2-
'etory. 9 rooms and bath: brick foundation; lot
37:6x75; near Market-st. station; only $300 cash,
balance 5 yearly payments. ".' .
) . ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE,
Subject tQ confirmation of court. : - - . . .
S02 Franklin 6t.. bet. Fifth and Sixth; cottage
of 5 rooms; lot 25x75; only 2 blocks- of Seventh
and Eroadway; rent' $12. ¦ " . . ¦
: ELEGANT J-ROOM RESIDENCE. : •
454 Merrimac (or Twenty-eighth) st.. near Tel-
egraph ave.. on beautiful McClure Heights;
modern In «very respect; lot 63x110; bank mort-
gage $4000 can remain: must be sold.
FINE BUILDING LOT. :' ¦
W. eide of Adeline et,. 125 feet N. of Eighth;
B0xl^:3; choice location; Adeline station.. •
SAN PABLO AVENUE : LOTS. .
N. W. cor. San Pabli. and Bonton aves..
Golden Gate station; 3 lotr. 46x100 each; location
for etor^s; new electric line and Santa Fe .Rail-
road will treble value-; half cash.
BEAUTIFCL BERKELET COTTAGE (CITY
LIMITS).
S. Bide Benton (or Sixtieth) St.. 300 feet W. of
Grove-st. line; 2'bl.ocks Lorin station; 8 rooms;
porcelain bath, mantels, finished basement; cost
San Francisco merchant U 000 ;. 50x155; new flat
loan $2000, balance cash; a snap. ' • • ¦" •
HOME NEAR TELEGRAPH AVENUE AND
THIRTY-EIGHTH STREET. :
E. Fide Ruby et.. 200 feet N. of Moss ave. (or
Thirty-eighth si.): modern; bay window; 7
rooms, bath; cement basement; extra fine barn;
lot 50x100; choicest ehrubteries; new- flat mort-
gage $1500; balance cash. ¦ .•. /. '
RESIDENCE SD AND GROVE STREETS.
i e&3 Thirty-third St.. near Grove; modern; ' 2-
ctory: 8 rooms; lot 36x100: $500 cash. ' • .
Remember date, Saturday, June 2. 2 p. m.- •
Write for maps. . • , . .
: ¦ '.. Call and be shown properties.
LAYMANCE REAL ¦ ESTATE CO. '.
Offlce and salesroom 460-4R* Eightn Bt., Oakland.
AT AUCTION. " • " •
. - AT AUCTION. : :
AT AUCTION. : :
AT AUCTION. .. • ;
GOLDEN OATE— Modern cottage, 5 rooms,
bath; easy terms .of $100 cash,- balance like
rent. THE MCCARTHY CO., 64$ Market! st.
BLOCK 64. roust be sold, near .23d ave.. 17th st.;
East Oakland : a rar» chance for a' block puiv
chassr. SAMUEL EWIFT, 1112 East Slx-
teanth et.. East Oakland.
OAKLA.\D JPURXITCRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaa-s, th«
{ furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
uiviuu.Mj soTicas.
DIVIDEND notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend, No. IS. ¦ of
. seventy-five cents <75e) per share- on .the- Is-
sued capital stock of the company," has been
declared, payable at the office of the- com-
pany, 430 California st., San Francisco, on
June 11. 1900.- Transfer "books close June 4,
1900, at noon. - A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
V MABBIAGE LICENSES.
Th« folio wins mania ee licenses were issued
yesterday:. •.'¦'"" . *: . • - "... . . "
. Ferdinand H. F.'. Wendt, SS, 3S Fourth, street,
and Pauline H. Michael, 35, 721 Minna t-treet.
Carlo Vent-uri. 25,- San- Pedro, apd Carmela
l>ncl. 21. 154S Dupont street. -. . ,"-^;^:
Edward V, Saonders, 27. 1923. Vallejo street,
and Jeanaette Neusass. 21. 1923 .Vallejo street.
John W. Peftee, 24, 2J05 Leavenworth street,
and Emily M. Pistqlesi. 20. 1S20 Hyde street. .
Pamuel M. Shaw./22, Benicia, and Marian C.
Erickfcon. • S2. Benicia.
Jnhn A. Walter. 23. 133 Folriom street, and
Carasaleta Beubna, 2<>. 135 Folsom street. .
llaUch^k, 31, 1183 Bush street. "and
Mathll4a Pohlman. 26, 7G5 O'FarreU street:
Vh'.lHp B. Newell. 24, 63<) Page street, and
AdpJa'f'.e Carson. 24, 2T7 CheFtnnt street.
; Robert S. Sarre. 24, Los Angeles; and Edith
J. Niss?n. : 24, Lou Angeles. . - -.
Tleglnald ' F. ' Nicholson. 21, Washington," D.
C and Elizabeth N. Code, 2L city.
Fred Woody, 24, Stockton, and Lulu.D. Fowle,
15, . Pomona; ¦ • . . ' . • '
: Wilfred G. Yanke. 21, 723 Webster" street,
end Guggle G. Speake. 21. 1040 Golden Gate ave.
BIRTHS— MARRIABES— DEATHS-
..Birth, marriage' .and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the. publication- offices and be
indorsed . with tbe name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN..
BAHRS-In this city. June 1. 1900, to the wife
of Hob. George H. Bahrs. a son.
¦ . MARRIED.
HEARN— KUEFFNER— In this city. May 31.
IKK), by the Rev. J. M. Buehler," Joseph Hearn
. and Johanna Kueffner. . • ¦ .
MORRIS— DEWEY— In Kern City, Cal., May J,
1900. by Justice A. W. Marlon, Evan G.
. Morris and Daisy. E. Dewey.
SHAW— ERICKSON— In this city." May 3t, 1900.
¦ by the Kev. Herbert N. Bevier, • Samuel M.
Shaw and Marian C. Erickson. both of Beni-
cia. CaU - -
' ~~ DIED.
Clark, Dr. Edward S. Miller. Joseph
Demartini. Theresa Muller. Joseph
Dreyfus. Theodore Murray, Thomas
Fagan. Catherine Nugent, Catherine
Fox. Florence A. Nugent, Kate
Houghton. Nancy B. Nylander. Gustave A.
• Hurly. John J. - O' Boyle, John
Johnson, Helen J. Ortega, Cella M.
Kennedy. Julia - Otmar, Markus
Kidd. George W. Puyoon. Lawrence P.
Knoechel. Charlee Quirk. William J. ¦
Levy. Walter II. Ryan, Bernard
McDonald. Bartholo- Sample, Samuel S.
mew Sand. Katherine
McGlynn, Suean Toohfy, Mrs. M.
Meyers. John Weisslch, Caroline P.
CLARK— In Napa, May W, 1900, Dr. Edward
Stephens Clark, a native of Kentucky, aged
43 years and S months. (Eastern paper*
please copy.)
C^Cremetlon at Odd Fellows' Cemetery
. this day (Saturday), at 1 o'clock." .
DEMARTINI— In thla city. May SO. 1900. The-
resa, dearly -beloved- wife of the late Joseph
Demartini, and mother of Mrs. Rosa Sbarboro
and Mm. Virginia Cervrtl! and of Mr. Angelo,
Peter and John Demartini, a native of Italy,
aged tl years 7 months and 17 days.
(C7Frl«ids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, £25 Union street, between Stockton and
Dupont, thence to Sts. Peter and Paul's Ital-
ian Church, ••where at 10:30 o'clock a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose- of her soul, thence to . New Italian
Cemeterr- •
DREYFUS— In this city, May SO, 1900, Theo-
dore. beloved husband of Margaret Dreyfus,
a native of France, aged 65 years and ¦ (
months. .\,1 • .
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited -to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from, the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
FAGAN— In this city, June 1, 1900, " at her-resl-
dence, 733 Natoma street. Catherine Fagan,
beloved wife of the late Michael Fagan. sla-
ter of the late Cecelia Martin, and aunt of
James, Thomas and Edward Martin, a na-
tive of Ireland. -. . . »
FOX— In this city. June 1, 1900, Florence An-
nie, beloved daughter of Jacob and Mary G.
Fox, and sister of Jeannette E., Otto J.,
Mary K. and Johnnie J. Fox, a native of
San Francisco, aged 9 month? and 21 days.
HOUGHTON— In Pacific Grove, Cal.. May -31,
1900. Nancy B.. beloved, wife of the late O.
W. Houghton, and mother of R. E. and S. C.
Houghton, a native of Maine, aged 91 year3.
HURLY— In this city, June 1, l?00. John Jo-
seph,' beloved son of Timothy and Nora Hur-
ly, and brother of Daniel; Josephine and
Mary Irene Hurly, a native of San Francisco,
ased 3 years and 7 months.
JOHNSON-In this city. May 30. 1900, Helen
-Jeanette. beloved wife of George L." Johnson,
mother of Georce W. and Willie C. Johnson,
and sister of Mrs. O. C. Jaeger and Frank- P.
Perkins, a native of Niles, Mich., aged S3
years. ¦ >
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the -funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, .from her late resi-
dence, 13S Hickory avenue, between Oak and
Fell, Franklin and Gough. Interment I. O.
O. F\ Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city. May 31. 1900. Julia,
dearly beloved wife of the -late Patrick Ken-
nedy, and loving mother of John,- James,
William, Julia and Joseph and the late
Thomas Kennedy, a native of Ireland, aged
S3. years 2. months and 15 days.
JC?TrUnds and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
June 4. at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 135? Folsom . street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high maps'
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
¦ at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
.tery. ...
KIDD— In this city, May 3L . 1900, ¦ George W.,
beloved husband of Jennie E. Kidd, and
father of James Rodney Kidd, a native of
Philadelphia, Pa., aged. 49 years, and 3
months. A member of Damon Lodce No. 2.
K, of P.. and Magnolia Lodge No.- 41, A. O.
U-. W. (New York and Philadelphia papers
pfease copy.) • . . . . ' .
E-TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Mizpah Presby-
terian Church, Harrison • street, near ..Ftf th.
Interment .Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage.
KNOECHEL— In this city, June 1. .1900. after a
long and lingering illness, Charles Knoechel,
beloved husband of- Sophie Knoechel. and
." father of Carl Knoechel, a native of Mieklen-
burg, Germany, aged 63 years and 11 days.
'E^Remalns %t his late residence, 624 Fil-
. bert etreet. near Powell. Notice of funeral
hereafter. . ' • • • - . '•
LEVY— Kntered Into rest at his residence. 2409
Jackson street. May 31. 1900, Walter Heyden-
feldt,' beloved- husband of Bella G. Levy,
father of Annette A. and Walter H. Levy Jr.,
and brother of Cecilia A. Levy, a native of
Augusta, Ga"..- aged 46 years 4 months and 27
days.. . ¦ ¦
'¦ CTTrlends' and acquaintances are respect- I
" fully Invited to attend the funeral services .
to-morrow (Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, at his j
late residence, 240» Jackson street, under the
. auspices of Doric Lodge No. 216. F. and A.
51. Interment p.rlvate. ' .
McDONALD— In the City, and County Hospi-
tal, May 3L 1900, '.Bartholomew : McDonald, a I
native of Ireland, aged E2 years.
McGLYNN— In this city. May SO, 1900, Susan, i
beloved wife* of. tbe late John" McGlynn,
mother of Raymond and. Al'een - McGlynn,
• and "daughter of Bernard and Annie ReiHy,
a native of San Francisco, aged 27 years an^,
• 1 month. .' " • ¦••
. (pr Friends and .acquaintances are respect-"
fully invited. --to attend the funeral this day
'(Saturday), at .10:20 o'clock, from her late
residence. S17 Treat avenue,' .thence- to St.
Peter's Church,'- Alabama street, for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. •
MEYERS-In • this city, May 29, 1900, John
Mevers. a native of Germany, aged 60 years.
-. ETFriehds and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday?,' at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
•the California . Undertaking . Company. 403
Powell street, near Post. ! Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
MILLER— In the City and County Hospital.
June 1, l?00, Joseph Miller, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 32 year*. . • ...
MULLER— In this, city, June 1, 1900, Joseph
Muller. beloved '. son of Mary and the late
CKarles Muller, and brother of August,
"Adolph, Fred, Kdward, Katharine and Clara
Muller, a' native -of Marysville, Cal., aged -32
years and" 5 months.
MURRAY— In this city. May 39, 1900, Thomas
Murray. . a native of Canada, aged 67 years.
¦ (ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day,
at 9 o'clock sharp, from the pap*
lors rf MeAvoy & Co., 1233 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a low requiem mass will
be celebrated ¦ for the repose of his- soul, com-
.-•menclng at -9:30 o'clock. Interment National
CemeterjY. Presidio. " ¦*¦'•. ¦ . •
NUGENT— In the City and County Hospital,
June 1. 1900. Kate Nugent, a. native of Ire-
land, aced 35 years. • • ' . .
NUGENT— In :this city, June L 1900.' Catherine.
J>eloved wife of John It- Nugent, and mother
iof John R.. James J,. Bartholomew \V\, Mar-
lln A., .Theresla L. and Luke C. Nugent, a
native of .Ireland; aged' 48 years.
NYLANDER— In this city, Jiflie 1, 1900. Gus-
. uv> A., youngest and beioved son of Gustavo
and Augusta Nylander, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 6 years. 9 months and 12 days.
• CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend .the funeral to-morrow
• (Sunday),' at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
•his Darents. 611 Moultrie street. Bernal
Heights. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
-.by carriaces.
O' BOYLE— In the City and County Hospital,
¦Junel, 1-900, John O" Boyle, a native of Cana-
da, aged 45 years.
O* BOYLE— In .thte ¦ city, June L 1900, John
.;O' Boyle.- beloved husband .of M. " O* Boyle, a
: native of Canada, aged 47 years.
ORTEGA— In this city. June 1." 1300, Cella M.,
' beloved wife of Miguel T. Ortega, mother of
'Willie Ortega, and dai-ghter of the late An-
.-tonlo and Juane Rochln, a native of Llver-
•more. Cal., aged'32 years and 9 months.
OSMAR— In the City and County Hospital.
. June 1, 1900, Markus Osmar, a native of Ire-
"land, ased 53 years.
PUYOON— In LosGatos. May 31, 1900, 'Law-
..rence P.. dearly beloved and only son of Au-
<gusta M. Puyoon; and brother of Mrs. Henry
. Schroder Jr.; a native of San Francisco, aged
.23 years and 9 months. A member of Golden
Gate Parlor No. 29, N. S.G. W.
' .E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: . fully invited . to : attend the funeral services
' to-morroTV (Sunday), at 10':3O\ o'clock, at the
parlors of. H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137. Mission
street, betw-een Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
nment srivate. Please .omit flbwers.
QUIRKr-In this city. May SI. 1S00, .William J.,
-beloved brother <jf Daniel J. Quirk, a native
' of County Cork,- Ireland, -aged 34 years and
1 1 month. . . ' .
•¦ E7Frlends and acquaintances' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Sunday), -at 9:43 o'clock, from the parlors of
• the United Undertakers, 27 and 23 Fifth
: street, thence tp- St. Mary's Cathedral for
¦•services at 10:30 o'clock. Interment National
• Cemetery. .- ¦
HARMONY Alliance No. 15, St. P. A. of A.—
.Members will attend a special' meeting at
K. R. B. Hall Saturday evening, June 2. at
-' 8 o'clock, to make arrangements for the fu-:
neral of our late -brother, William J. Quirk:.
JOHN GANEY. President.
.F. A. O'BRIEN. Secretary.
RYAN-In this city. May 29, 1900. Bernard
Ryan,. a native of Brooklyn, N. Y., aged 62
years. (Brooklyn, N. Y., papers please copy.)
CT Friends and acquaintances and member J
" of Local No. 65, Coopers' International Union,
"•'• Garfleld Post No. 34. G. A. R,, and members
of G. A. R. and kindred associations, are
respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the
' parlors of A. W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary
• . Etreet, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services. Interment National Cemetery, Pre=-
sldlo. ¦
B AMPLE— In this city, June 1, 1900 Samuel S..
Sample, beloved husband of Delia Sample,
and father of Mrs-. Charles H. Dexter,, a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 67 years.
BAND— In this city, June 1, 1900, Katherine,
beloved wife of Joseph Sand, mother of Fred.
• William, Joseph, George, Walter and Laura
Sand and Mrs. L. R. Glocker. sister of Mrs.
J.- Jordan and H. Decker, and daughter of
• the late Barbara Decker, a native of Louis-
" vllle. Ky.. aged 57-years. . . . • .
(jfyNotice of. funeral hereafter. . -. .
TOOHEY— In this city. May 31. 1900, Mrs. Mar-
garet Toohey, beloved wife of the late Mau-
rice Toobey, sister of Catherine Denahay, and
aunt of Mary Qulnihan of Berkeley, Cal.. a
" native of the parish of Kllgobbin, County
Kerry, Ireland. .. • ¦ •
|C7"The funeral will take place to-morrqw
(Sunday), -at 12:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
J , C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 1 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
WEISSICH— In this city. May 30, 1900. Caroline
P. Weissicb, widow o£. the late W. O. Wels-
slch and beloved . mother of MrB. Theo.
Dierks Mrs. Clemens Eschmann and Julia
D. and William O. Weisslch. a native of
Minden. Westphalia,. Germany, aged 66 years
1 month and 28 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), nt 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1318 Buchanan street, between Eddy
and Ellis. Interaen^Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery by . carriages. . ¦ ' : ..r.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln. School. -
.- ' Telephone South SO. .
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167. '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEH3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. '
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY
COLMA, SAN MATEO CO.
'OFFICE," 916 MARKET ST. Tel. So. 337Democrats Choose Him at
J. D. MAXWELL IS
MADE CHAIRMAN
OF CONVENTION
In Camelline an absolute preventive 'and
relief from the effects of tan, sunburn and
poison oak. ; , Indispensable ; for i the moun
tains and seashore. ' Refreshing, effective
and harmless. "At all druggists. ¦ ' ¦ •¦ •
Ladies Find
Joseph Miller, the boxmaker, who shot
himself, in the head last Thursday night
at his mother's residence, 1331 Florida
street, died at the City and County Hos
pital early esterday morning. The remains
were conveyed to the Morgue and an in
quest will be held
IMed of His Wound.
The choicr-et club whiskey la Jesse Moore
"AA," and In club life It Is in great demand.
It was after these preliminaries had
been arranged that Emll Pohll begged the
attention of the delegates until he could
make a motion to adjourn. He explained
that the district conventions were -not
ready to report and advised that the con
vention waft for them until next Wednes
day evening, when the reports could; all
be made and the main body, could ratify
them all in a bunch. Braunhart and Has-'
sett were industrious," however/ and want
ed those districts that could do so; to re
port to the meeting at once." There was a
motion, not seconded, however, to lay the
motion to adjourn on the table. . Pohll's
motion finally came to a. vote. There was
a chorus of "ayes" ¦ and a : louder and aa
large a vote of ;"no." .'.The '.new chairman
was equal to the - occasion. ¦> "The ay'es
have it," he announced, and the meeting
adjourned.
The convention will meet again next
Wednesday evening at -8 o'clock in tlie
basement of Native Sons' ' Hall, on Mason
street, and go through the formality of
ratifying the district reports: of names of
those to go to the State convention. .
J. D. Maxwell of the Twenty-eighth
District was chosen as the presiding offl
cer. He •was nominated by John H. Han-|
son, and of course had no opposition.'
John J. Finn of the Thirty-eighth Dis-'
trict was nominated for Secretary by P.
H. Flynn, and his election was secured
just as smoothly as had been the presi
dent's. ¦ ¦ j .
THE Democratic .County ' Convention
assembled last evening, elected a
chairman and a secretary and ad
journed to next Wednesday evening.
OFF TO ENGLAND
TO DEFEND A LADY
Carie Johnstone Abandons His
Nome Trip on Account of
Lady Bowyer.
C 1 ARIE JOHNSTONE, a sprig of the
Scottish nobility, is In this city lux
?uriating in the first throes of a scan
dal that will shortly startle the swell
set of London. , Johnstone, It is said, is
about to be named as co-respondent
in a suit' for divorce that Sir
George Bowyer will bring against
¦the charming" and beautiful Lady
Bowyer. who before her marriage to the
titled Englishman was known as Miss
Ethel Acklom of California. This is John
stone's first public affaire de coeur, and he
is delighted and elated at tho prospects of
taking the world Into his confidence. He
went around the palace yesterday treating
all his friends indiscriminately, and to
each and every one telling his secret and
showing the cable tips he has received
from the charming Lady Bowyer.
¦ ' A* cable message from Lady Bowyer
conveyed to Johnstone the first informa
tion of the delicious notoriety in store for
him. Her ladyship, did not trifle with
words. Her message ! , was succinct and
pithy. ,.
"Sir George about. to bring suit for di
vorce," she Bald. "You named as co
respondent." \ .' /
. This cheering intelligence sent John
stone off to gather up his friends and bid
them celebrate*at his expense.
Johnstone is authority for the state
ment, that since he pocketed that cable
message life has been one- continuous
smile and 'he has been enjoying one con
tinuous Vjag."
; . The man whom . Sir George would hold
responsible for ' disturbing his marital
felicity is the intimate friend of the Duke
of .Manchester, whom he accompanied to
America last November when his Grace
came over to try his hand in 1 * American
journalism. Johnstone himself hasVno
handle to his name, but he has a cousin
.who is. a marquis and his friends are
dukes and counts and things. Ho Is a nice
appearing youth with a heavy pocket and
a' glib tongue, j and i he speaks of his ad
;venture' in a ' little knowing '. way, - accom
panied with: " an Insinuating ; smile- tha t ;
says:; '."Oh! I'm; a regular devil, I am."
Johnstone was, not averse to discussing
the Bowyers. . •
; -"Oh ! I say," said the Duke of . Man
chester's friend. - "Bowyer must be crazy."
He- can't -prove ..anything, ilicame over
with his Grace In November and returned
to England shortly after. Then I came
again m February, and so did Lady Bow
yer. When I got to New York I put up
at - the Savoy and • Lady Bowyer stopped
at : the Waldorf-Astoria.* In the face of
that how is . Sir George going to prove
anything?"
Whatever Sir , George will attempt to
prove Johnstone will be on the spot to re
fute. .: Before. the cabK* , for; Lady : Bowyer.
camerJohnstone'was getting ready , to go
to Nome. He, had s his ticket, shad bought
some 'claims in the. land of gold and had
made all * the j necessary preparations < to
sail ¦ to-day on > the San - Jose. - Thursday
he received the cablegram from her. lady-
ship and yesterday he abandoned his pro
posed trip and was trying to arrange to
get a special train that would fly with
him Eastward so he might make the
Kaiser Wilhelm. which sails on Tuesday.
"I must get right back to London," he
explained, "to defend the lady. And then
there is my family. I must consider them,
too. I come from an old Scotch family
and have connections all over England.
When I return I shall stop with my cou
sin, the Marquis of Anglesey."
According to Johnstone 'the lady whose
name has been connected with his does
not move in the same set ashe does. > *
"Hers Is a good set," he said, "but not
my set. SlrGeorge Is a racing man. I move
nearly altogether in diplomatic circles.
Lady. Bowyer is beautiful," Johnstone
went on to say. "She has brown hair, blue
eyes and a fair skin. In fact, she looks
enough like me to be taken for my sis
ter." jyaagqjfeptffii»a*f */¦ .
In spite of the fact that Johnstone de
clares Sir George has not the slightest
ground for his actions, he admits that
Lady Bowyer has written to him and that
he has those same letters in his posses
sion. "But they are just such letters as
a : friend might write," ' he says, "and, in
fact, I have often reproached Ethel. Lady
Bowyer, for writing such very cold epis
tles."
Johnstone has been here but a few days,
and declares that he finds this to be "a
very hot town." As he reviewed his
harmless relationship with the wife of
Sir • George, ; whom he ' had- seen much of
in Paris, In London, and during tho mem
orable ocean voyage, he grew comldeminl
android the 'interviewer many, bits of
personal history.
"I am 21 years old," he confided, "r
dropped ; three nickels in the slot this
morning and find I weigh 176 pounds. I've,
had a terrible Jag on since I got that
cablegram. The funny part about me Is.
1 1 drink all the. men under the table, sro
to bed perfectly sober and wake up with
such a jag on. This is the first time I have
been interviewed In San Francisco. When
I got to New York with Manchester there
were seventeen reporters to meet us
Manchester got all the space in the dal
lies. There wns no mention of me except
in the Herald, which gave me just one
line and that said I was a better dre3Ser
than 4 Manchester. Town Topics, however,
had something to say about me and gave
me a ; beautiful roast. In New Orleans I
was Interviewed personally and got a col
umn and a half send-off. ".
There. Is only one thing that makes
Johnstone unhappy just at present, and
that is that his man servant' left him in
New Orleans.
."If, I only had my man to bathe me and
put me In my good clothes you couhl see
what areally pretty fellow. 1 ,am. As it is
you see me at a disadvantage," he paid
Seen^at what he considered a dLsadvan'
tage » the 'Marquis' ? cousin stood ' a neat
youth; in. a blue sergo suit, pink no^li^ee
shirt, a straw hat, and, by way of orna
ment, a gold bracelet clasped around hl^
flrm white left wrist, , . I3
Johnstone could not make that special
yesterday and ' no leaves to-day, to go-to
the defense. of the lndy who so resembles
him; ;and writes ' "cold: : letters"— Lady
George T?nwvrr-n'ayffflj|f|^ffW»mt^^ .: - :s,, v , *
ARNOLD. .SECURES A
HABEAS CORPUS WRIT
Contention That He Has Not Com
mitted Any Crime to Warrant
His Extradition.
The law firm of Denson & Schlesinger
applied to United States Circuit Judge
Morrow yesterday -for a writ of habeas
corpus in the matter of the proposed ex
tradition of Julian Blddulph Arnold, who
Is wanted in London .by creditors on a
charge of embezzlement growing out of
£h, £ al i ure ,5 £ the flrm of solicitors of
which Arnold was a member.
. Judge Morrow issued the writ as prayed
;S r 'i!?i?i rnade t 1 , t , returnable Wednesday,
the 6th inst., at 11 a. m. The petition for
the writ sets forth that the petitioner is
Arir^ n^, det^ lned by U^ted States
Marshal Shine b>- virtue of certain pro
ceedings, papers, documents, warrants
and complaints, and by virtue of no other
proceeding or action .whatever. The fol
lowing contentions are then set up: That
«J? < ? l ? le £ har &ed Is not one of those pro
\lded for by_ the treaty or convention for
extradition between the Governments of
the United States and Great Britain and
Ireland; that the proceedings show no
evidences of criminality: that no evidence
of criminality was heard or considered,
as . provided by the : treaty; that the al
leged offense is not covered by the treaty;
that the facts shown do not constitute a
crime; that there was no competent legal
evidence that Arnold was. or is, a fugi
tive from Justlce.t and that the United
ta.ktng of the census began yes
1 terday. There 'w^ret'Eonie; very
I : unus=ual : fpatures: connected with' the
• . work in thifs.-ieityl.due to thequaran-;
tine tn Chinatown,';- Probably never before
have cer.stis-takera In ... this :¦ country sub
mitted to Ir.ocukition; witlv the preventive
of an Asiatic .disease jes preliminary j and
necessary to . enable " them to . reach . per-
The census' taking in this city began as
early ¦ -as . 7. o'clock yesterday • morn
ing. -There were ; 307 . . enumerators on
the list. Every one of these, with possibly
one exception, worked all day. They had
a long list 'of questions to ask, and people
generally answered them all willingly and
cheerfully, • There were some humorous
experiences, but ' few that •tfrere unpleas
ant. The enumerators reported to assist
ant supervisors in the several census dis
trict. The first day's work, when it is
summed up this morning, will determine
whether the census can be taken In the
required time with the present help. One
enumerator came in with a list of answers
over which the name .of the* person s who
furnished them had not been written. • He
will be compelled to do the work over.
No figures will be given Out by Professor
•Plehn or any of his assistants in this city.
The first knowledge concerning the, total'
present population of San Francisco to be
made public will be derived from'Wash
ington. . - ¦ '
Rons to be counted. Yesterday It fell to
the lot of ten young men to be Inoculated
with Haffkine . prophylactic before they,
coul-d be allowed to enter .Chinatown; as.
census-takers,./ They had -to change their,
clothes and be. disinfected before they
could leave Chinatown at the end. ot the
day-; Al) daylofis they were, knocking at
doers, paring into and; prying into alley's,,
asking questions :6t Chinese -who feared
that there was another raid of. the Health'
officers, and writing down answers j re
garding the names and: ages of Chinese
men, : women and little ones, They lunched
inChihese restaurants, watched curious
ly tjy highbinders an.d ; the. Chinese popu
lation generally, .for they, could ..not -get
out to luqch elsewhere. without consuming
too ftvuch preelous time: Each enumera
tor In Chinatown was: accompanied by a
pig-tailed interpreter, ; • .'. • • .
This group of ten young .men was com T
posed of the- following-named: . James* S.
Kyason, F. C- Pache, Harry C. Newman,
R. C. Hill, Charles A. Poage, W. J. Tier
nan. Carl C. Hariseni Ralph E. Gibbs,
Lewis -R. T.arr and- Claiude Small.wood.
They were assisted by " Walter : *1ong, as
sistant professor in th.e Chinese language
at the University of • California, and a
.graduate of Stanford University.- . Fong Is
a Chinese. His duty 'is -to superintend -all
the Chinese interpreters: employed in this
city In census-taking. To qualify him for
the position he-submitted to inoculation.
: Some of the white enumerators in Chinas
town got there" by swapping positions
with other enumerators. These are medi
cal students in the University- of Califor
nia, and were inspired" by medical curios
ity. When the squad returned from China
town last night Professor -Carl Plehn, who
is; the chief census officer here, said that
he was proud of them.
Enumerators' Are Knocking at
Doors and Asking Many
:;t| ;| ;. Questions; : ' .| ; ;V : ¦- ; . ]
CENSUS TAKING
HAS NOW BEGUN
Mr. Magee calls attention to the fact
that deeds have not been placed* on record
and accounts for that fact as follows:
"One of two explanations is that either
the money has been paid and the deeds
kept off record, or what Is not only more
likely but' Indeed practically certain 1s
that time was taken by placing the deeds
in escrow, to acquire other possessions
without hunting ducks with .the brass
band of noise and publicity of recording
at the City Hall."
Speaking of the Lloyd purchases Mr.
Magee says: "It was given out as each
one of these purchases was recorded that
it was made by an Eastern capitalist who
believed in the future of San Francisco
The Eastern capitalist in this case is tha
photograph of C. P. Huntington."
Mr. Magee reasons that Mr. Huntlneton
is preparing to "box in the Santa Fe' ? - to
compete with Jim Hill of the Great North
ern and also the. Canadian Pacific which
are sure to come to San Francisco In
conclusion he, says-: "The city has entered
upon paths of growth and progress to
which there can be hereafter no perma
nent retrogression."
"In all the interviews between C. P.
Huntington and the newspapers he ha3
denied that he, personally or tor the
Southern Pacific Company, had lately
bought any land south of Market and
near the water front. But he ha3 not yet
denied that he bought property there for
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
The block bought ostensibly by J. P.
Lloyd, and bounded by Fremont. First.
Brannan and Bryant, was paid for by the
Pacific Mail and it was purchased for that
company's use. But the Pacific Mall is
personified by Mr. Huntington.
"The Southern Pacific purchases on Kol
som street have been made for freight
depots and for yards to connect with rails
now on Townsend street. A solid strip
has not yet been purchased, because some
owners ask too much for their .property;
but a railroad knows that, in condemna
tion sultb, the greatest ownership carries
with it the least resistance. In Mr. Hunt
lngton's denials he has -kept within the
bounds of veracity. ¦ Anything but a de
nial by him would be costly, very costly.
Indeed, if any more purchases are to be
made, for with the knowledge that he is
in the field up will go prices."
Thomas Magee has written . an article
in which he sets forth' the purpose of C,
P. Huntingdon in making extensive pur
chases of real estate near the water, front
in the factory district, the news of which
was published exclusively in The Call.
This article wiU appear In the Real Estate
Circular, whicn will be out to-day. The
heading of the article is "The Future of
San Francisco." and i3 partly as follows:
Trying to 'Box In the Santa Fe and
Meet Competition That He
Sees Is Sure to
Come.
Veteran Real Estate Expert
Tells Why the Magnate
Is Buying.
HAND OF COLLIS
IN LAND DEALS,
SAYS MR. MAGEE
In Memory of Judge Levy.
The various departments of the Superior
Court adjourned early yesterday in re
spect to the memory ot the lata Judge
Walter H. Levy.
States Commissioner was without Juris
diction.
Max Popper, Iro
¦ quois Brave,
Who Was As
, sailed by the
' Supervisor, Re
taliates.
• i —
Popper said he had to pay the Super
visors $650 a month or he could not keep
the contract. He mentioned the fact that
he could not get the contract otherwise
as justification for the payment of the
money. And at that very time there were
miles and miles of streets which under the
contract should be swept and for which
Popper was being paid that never saw one
of his sweeping machines.
"It was also well known that during all
this time Popper was a rabid anti-Buckley
man and that he lost no opportunity to
denounce Buckleyism and bossism, but
that while he was doing all this talking
he had Buckley for his partner in the
sweeping contract. The contract was in
his own name, but Buckley was a full
partner.
"It is because of this record that I
wished to have Popper prevented from
speaking before the Supervisors last even
ing. A confessed briber of Supervisors
has no right even to be present at their
deliberations. Besides, I detest political
hypocrisy and I will denounce it whenever
I find it. Popper's presence in the party is
the means of driving good men away from
it, and I do not think the man should be
allowed to identify himself with it in any
way. His presence should, not be toler
ated."
Braves Congratulate Popper.
Max Popper was the center of a con
gratulatory throng at the wigwam of the
Iroquois last night. The braves mingled
their terms of ¦ commendation for his
course with execrations for his enemy.
"I saw you last night," said a warrior,
"and I felt like givin' the big duffer a
clout in the neck."
The Call reporter present 'was impor
tuned by the braves to publish Reed's po
litical record. Popper seemed to be the
least agitated of the warrlor3. When he
was asked what motives induced Reed to
take' the warpath Popper replied:
"The Iroquois Club opposed him- in con
vention when he was seeking nomination
for the office of District Attorney. He.
was opposed on the ground that' he was
•uot a Democrat. • There was no personal
motive in the opposition. The first time I
met Reed was in 1S92, when I was chair
man of the Democratic committee. Gar
rett McEnerney brought him to headquar
ters and introduced him as a young Yolo
convert from the Republican . party who
had graduated with- honors at the State
University. A desire was expressed that
the young orator should be given an op
portunity to address Democratic meetings
I in small towns.
Reed Sent to Pigeon Point. .
"Reed -rras sent out to expound Demo
cratic principles at Pigeon Point and Half
moon Bay. We. never heard any objec
tions to his oratory. When the campaign
closed he became a candidate for the of
fice of Prosecuting Attorney of the Police
Couit. The Supervisors objected to his
selection on the ground that they had
never heard of him. At his request I gave
him a letter stating that he had made
campaign speeches for the party, and he
got the place.
"In 1S'J4 Reed was a member of the Iro
•juols Club. He went to the convention
that' year, pledged to support William M.
Hinton for Railroad Commissioner, and
voted for Dr. Stanton. In 1896 he was a
Ralneyite In the Odd Fellows' Hall con
vention. He was a candidate for Super
visor, but E. P. E. Troy opposed. him on
the ground that he was Rainey's messen
ger." /
•At this stage of the Interview Mr. Troy
declared himself by saying: "I told Phe
lan that Reed -was not a. fit man for Super
visor—that he was the daily associate of
Sam Rainey and was. in fact, Rainey's
messenger in the convention."
Many of the braves, among them Max
Popper, acknowledged last night that they
voted for Reed for Supervisor at the last
election. Others declared that they did
not and never would vote for a "gold
bug." It was asserted that Reed and oth
ers who voted against Bryan In 1S96 were
compelled to resign from the club.
Animosities pf
the Late Politi-;
cal Campaign
Openly Revived
by Charles W.
tvppn
PARKMAIC, the historian. ' relates
that nothing was more appalling to
the early settlers on the beautiful
St. Lawrence ; River then the mid
night cry cf "The IroquolsV The blood
thirsty tribes composing this nation have
passed away from the world's stage and
their legends of etrife are converted into
political campaign -.; lessons.
The braves of the San Francisco Iro
quois t&krs fiendish delight In the exhi
bition of a political scalp. Just £S the an*
cient Iroquols delighted at the sight of the
fresh ami bleeding trophy of a midnight:
massacre. When .Max Popper goes Into :
the council hall in "Pythian C?.=tie with
the political scalp : of a Balnejr warrior
attached to his belt .the braves dance and
eing. Plaudits to the prowrss of Max
are chanted. Long time did Max. the
brave yearn for the pcaJp of Charles Wes
ley P.eed. who was accounted one of the
most faring and intrepid of Chief Raln
ey's camp. Many moons of yearning- went
by before Pepper saw his opportunity to>
flash, the scalping kcife.; The • time
come, however, .; and it ';. came In!
this way: Reed had long- coveted the 1
fat job of District Attorney for the city
of San Francisco, When the conditions
,were favorable for seizing the position
lleed went before. ' the : ;eonvention of
Democrats to solicit the prize. To his
amazement Popper -qf. the Iroquois, : fierce
and savage, sprang: into the midst of the
council and uttering the war whoop ot
*"6 to 1" proclaimed that Reed was
false to Bryan and a. traitor in the'.'DexnoW ¦
cratic camp. The; attack. ¦ produced . a ;:
great sensation in the Democratic con
vention. Delegates on all sides repeated
the cries of the Iroquois. ¦• There arose
, f uch a storm of. ecstv protest that the
honored name of Reed was hirsed without
cessation for full twenty minutes. When
, the convention registered its choice of a
candidate Reed's jiarpe was found away
down in the list of elain. . The Reed
scalp was taken and borne aloft in the
village of the Iroqiiois.
AJiother office — that of ; Supervisor— was
given to ¦\VeFley Reed and in a short
ppace of time, the scalp wound healed. Of
ficial salve is a potent remedy for sore
and wounded Democrats and Reed rapidi
ly recovered uncer. the . Supervisorial
anointment; Many of the politi'cans in
the Democratic camp, and notably sev
eral who hold exalted positions in the
"cabinet." aver that Reed has ever been
true and faithful to the cardinal Jeffer
sonian principles of pure and undiluted
Democracy. It is confessed that he did
revolt against Bryan, holdine that Palmer
and Buckner were true champions of
Democracy in the campaign which cul
minated in the triumph of William Mc-
Kinley. Max Popper contended that
Keed voted for McKinley. The "cabinet"
resolved that Heed voted for PalmeT and
Buckner. To settle the dispute the vigi
lant Popper went to the records and de
clared he had ascertained that no vote -for
Palmer and Buckner was cost in th°
firecinct wherein Reed, did dwell. The
roquols drew the inference that Reed
voted for McKinley. Wiser men reached
the conclusion that Reed voted for Palmer
and Buckner and that the Iroquois count
ed the vote for Bryan. When the qeus- '
tion was rereferred to the cabirtet Jim
O'Brien went forth and dug- up three
votes for Palmer and Buckner In Reed's
precinct. . . •
Charles Wesley After Max.
"When Reed pot well of his wounds he
began to nurse a scheme of venpear.ee.
On the warpath he is a match for the
proudest brave of the Iroquois. There
was no such word as fear In his Yolo
County lexicon. His record at the State
¦University is pointed to with pride. In
single-handed combat, so his friends aver,
Charles Wesley Reed, Gold Bug, and Max Popper, Silverite, on the Warpath.
he could sweep the streets : wlth Popper.
But that is neither here nor there. Reed
was not looking for a contract- to dust
the streets. H« longed to meet his arch
enemy in a public place and administer
a public rebuke. Thursday night at the
meeting of the Board of Supervisors his
chance came and he did not neglect • to
f-mbrace it. Since the. campaign of last
fall Max Popper had been a good Indian.
He buried his tomahawk and sheathed his
scalping knife immediately after. the elec
tion. Hence he was not looking for war
when he entered the arena as the mission
ary of the Federated Improvement Clubs.
When he arose to speak Reed also arose
in the double role of avenger and Super
visor. Then high . and hot . words were
hurled at Pepper of the Iroqupis. Reed,
pointing at. his enemy, exclaimed:
"He made his money by bribing mem
bers of a former Board of Supervisors.
He went before a Grand Jury on the sub
ject and declined to testify .on' the ground
that his testimony .would convict himself
of a felony." ......
Before the enraged Reed could finish the
sentence Mayor Phelan, the blessed peace
maker,, uttered these words:
"I suppose every member of this board
is responsible .lor his words."
. Reed instantly issued an oral proclama
tion of responsibility. Reed insisted fur
ther that Popper should not be heard, but
he was not openly sustained by a single
associate. Perhaps curiosity to hear from
a man who was accused of giving bribe3
to Supervisors Impelled them to listen.
But Reed listened not. He wrapped about
him his robes of independence and strode
from the council lire. His enemy, •¦ un
daunted by the attack, regretted his de
parture. "When the Mayor sought to apol
ogize the .spirit of the old Iroquois nerved
Popper to exclaim that .he was able to
take care of himself. Popper should bear
in mind that history repeats itself, and
history tells that the Iroquois were almost
annihilated and effectually subdued.: In
the process of subjugation many a noble
fighter fell, and Reed should not forget
this fact.
It may seem strange to the reader, "yet
it is true, that Phelan is not the inward
friend of Popper that the open apology
suggests. There lurks in the bosom of the
Mayor hatred for the Iroquois. and all
other stalwart championa of Bryan and
free silver. In the convention last fall
Phelan was an active agent In excluding
resolutions indorsing the Chicago plat
form.
In speaking of the episode Supervisor
Reed last, evening said:
"I have been opposing Mr. Popper for a
long time, and it was last night that I
had my first .opportunity to speak my
mind. about him in public. I do not be
lieve he is a fit man to be in the. party,
and I think his presence in it and his tol
eration by i the party leaders are obstacles
to Democratic success.-
"It is well known that Popper has ad
mitted he bribed the Board of Supervisors
to get his street sweeping contracts
through. He admitted it to me in the
rooms of the Iroquois Club. There were
several gentlemen together, and to them
GLEAM OF A SCALPING KNIFE
IN THE COUNCIL OF DEMOCRATS
THE SAN FR AX CISCO CALL; SATURDAY^ JUNE 2, 1900.
a Short Programmed
Session.
14
CHAIRMAN . J. D. ." MAXWELL.
Books are' best friends: we bind any kind of
books. Mysell-Rolllns. 22 Clay. . •
"ORIENTAL-
For the next 10 days we will
allow 25 per cent discount ..
on- our entire stock of ; . .
Oriemtal Goods
CONSISTING OF
Rare Ru£s and Carpets,
Kelim and Bagdad
Curtains.
CHAS. M. PLUM & C0. : ;
HIKIH and MARKET SIS., San Fnncsa.
. " -¦. : ¦;•"•: •.¦-'.'.
Jardiniers. H
20% off.
Come Just to Seo.
Great Merlcaa tamin'Tea Ca.. : .
MONEY-SAVING
H0-I12 Grant Ave. - (Bet. Sutler and PtaO.
861 Market -St.- , tOpp. Powell>. :
140 Sixth St. - -
K5 "Hayes St. til Thl»d St.
1419 Polk St. 6J1 Montsromery At*
2518 Mission St. 705 Larkin St.
K06 Sixteenth St. 1S19 Devlsadero St.
148 Ninth St. - 475 Ha!*ht SJL . .
MOS Fillmore St. JIS5 Mt»slon St. .
12 Market St. 2733 2«h St. . '
OAKLAND STORES.
1C53 Washlnfftoa St. «« E. 12t»» St.
1237 Broadway. 11S3 23d A»«.
lalO SeveatU SC 13SS Park St.. *liin>d>.
$1 50. misses' kid shoes. for 50c a pair at
the Beehive Shoe Co.;~ 717 Market st. •
' ¦¦•¦^: : .:. ;^r'V ¦ \ '^¦' ¦..¦;>¦'
TO-Dgan|MONI)AY!
let 6PECTAL— Ladle*' Percale ¦Wrappers, full
wi.-l:h. Jn navy blue. Rarnet and bladk and.
white '.;;.» '.;..:¦.....¦..•..;¦. \..<iUc
Sd EpECIAl^-Ladies* Percale Waists, tucked;
?ir.broideTy insertion -frpnt..., /:..„. .74c
3d SPECIAL- Ladles' JMoreen Underskirts. • all
f*>lors. • 12-lnch . flounce, accordeon. plaited,
.- full width.... .-,.J:.-.:.;:. ;..;;.-.•.¦.:. .:..i.-.'...KSc
(4th EPECIAI>-La<Jlea' \Chlte MusliTi SWIrtn.
ruffled flounce '.u"...i. ;.......' ¦..;.. ,,.'.:{l»c
Ctn FPEClALv-Ladies* Fast: Clack Lace Hose,
df)uWe!heel and toe-.. ".;......v. «".-..,•,... . ..24e
Cth SPECIAlr^Ladies* ' : Short-Waist French
Corsets, ¦ wha4?boned '.•..*. t ..;..'....:..^...4!>o
7th EPECIAIi—LiLdieV ' Grass . Linen Ox-ersklrta.
bottom' aiid . Bides-, 'trimmed with fancy
¦ braids. :»....-.".i ».'.;.¦ >'.!.. :..;.,....,..:.. '.49c
8th gPEClAL^-Children's; Piercale j Dresses. . all
•colprf : ......v,... .'.;. ,»'..: — i-.f..v.-;'...-.:.lJ>c
. Ten per .icent discount TO-DAY on Children's
and- Infants? : W«ar. ;' •;.•;•; ; .
' Notice our LACE and EMBROIDERY display
: In front window*. ;• ' ••¦••'¦ •',-¦•.•
: •. Prtceii cut ftf Half : in. this department to-day
and.- fltmizy: ' ' ? v . . . . • _ ¦-.; . ;', .
Foliowliig Is j Interesting to
;• Economical Bnyers of Ghil-. .
•: v;- :: : : :iir6nV ; Beadwean • : .-.
; infants- -Cashmere Ponnets. '"all over ; embrold-
er»Hl .-.¦„•.". .....: :.:.- i«>c
Children's. .White Pique -Poke. Bonnets-. U4c
lAdies." • Shaker Bonnets, all colors," ¦ made of
¦ "gooii percale : ;i5c
•.Chlldrfi's Cablbrtc 'Hats,' embroidery' trjmmed,
newest tehfcpes >...'. 4Oc
¦ Infants' ¦ French Bonnets, lawn. " tuckM all
••• over V._ — ...". 4t»c
Children's White' Piflne Bonnets, . enibroidery
*. trimmed ...I ..../. • 4J)c
Children's .Sunbonnets. irtcely corded, edped
¦ ¦ wjth J*ee :..».: Ji4c
Iafant'6" Pllk Bonnets. • embroidered all over,
cftEhmere lined 4Oe
/ 1212,1214 lARKET ST.,
: . -Bet Taylor and Jones.
• • ¦ -¦..¦-¦ -.- - . . .
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY AND MONDAY !
Granulated f:m Sugar, 20 lbs $1.00
Market has advanced. Limit J2.00L
Best fs^d" Eastern Hams- . . I3ic
.- Guaranteed. Resular loo lb.
Best Petaluma Ranch Eggs, doz 174c
Grosse & Blackwell Jams- .... 15c
i This bargain has never before bees offered
by any house in the city. Beffulv 23c Jar.
Extra Creamery Butter, 3 %Voo cm 35c
Now Is the time. Pack for the winter Mar-
ket will advance. Regular 40c.
Choice R C y?, Butter, 3 "^: e *30o
Lea & Perrln8 i ' H Sss^ t :st 1^. .20c
Limit 2 bottles. Resular 23c. . -
Tijji • English Breakfaat. Uncolored
ICQ Japan, Formosa, Oolong, Cey. QC n
- Ion .Oub
Unusual bargain. Regular 80c tb.
Hoover's Health Cocoa....... 25c
Regular 35c can.
Mocha and Java Coffee, 4 lbs $1.00
Our best. Resular 35c lb.
DUTTT'8 PURE MALT WHISXXT TSa
Regular 83c. — ««*=
CBEAMPU3E RYE WHISXJY.'it bet $1.00
Rich and mellow. Regular $1.50.
XIKTAHDEt. TiaUge 1893, gU 35,.
¦ Regrular 50c e»J-
T0UHI8T A5D PICNIC 8UPPUSS—
Just received full assortment of Potted j* "
• Meats. Sardines. Pate de Foie Oraa and
all table delicacies at lowest prices.
SLICED KXTKA CHOICE PIACHE3 e»a... lOa
Regular 1^:. • " "°
QR1PE-KUT8, pkg ..12)io
Send for Monthly Price List Free. * :¦
Country Orders Promptly Attended to. ":;;
Freight Paid by Us When Wtthln 100 Miles.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. 'Phone S. 292. No Branca Stores.
Hale's. I Sale's.
Esaturdav wants for i
£ new veilings collars and cuffs 3
S namr muiiM npn- st vlps t hf ].-i*p<5f in the "Affidavit" brand collars and tl?
£ vemn^fs fhe D haTr "ifnl^esh anfwe cuth.. e-peclally mad* for the front rank
v.1,.- 7n«t r<woiv<»d an *»xnres«i ihinmcnt ln Hale a good goods; all linen. 2100 fine. — **
S'^Srw^^.u^iKS. ta !| ffi "Tn^^-eoT"" sUe3 * 8nperio i r o7 ork ;
g— sejf orWloIet dots, also velvet dotted ™*™ hi V- co»ars ..10c each
&Z e/enadlne veilings with chenille greclan cuffs ...18 2-3c pr.
E » r do l t n s black * purDle *"* WU W? SSi to k Sr^St^fS SSS- eSSS S
}?* c]i .I 0 ?*"-. and cuffs; checks. In blues, pinks and
. ¦ lavender: also sure white JLOO each
E belts linens 3
Bomethinr new in rulley belts. 96 la- , *0 doz. hucle towets. size 17x33 Inches. — ?
g— dies' two-strap black pulley belts, made irlnged ends, fine weaves, colored bor- ~Zj
of heavy all-silk satin ribbon, with ders. equally for family, hotel or "^»
shield in back and metal buckles; steel, lodRln;? house use each 9c -^
Ellt, old silver and Jeweled effect 150 white crochet bed spreads, size 73 — >•
»»_ 60c each xS4 Inches, hemmed ready for use, $1 00 -^>
"""* " , ,,, . spread for each 33c —*£
'SI our «eat leather belt sale still on. 9c. i_^^ _. . 3
we isc. 25c and « C each. lace curtains
fc- , 231 single, or pair, of 3 and 3H yard* rS
t- fGathGr boaS , ne notlir -Rham curtains, the balance
ICdUICI UUOO of a lot of traveler's samples recently -«
J***£3feL^ ' *^ e k' n< * that bought from an Eastern manufacturer— **^?
Z~ Wf^^» soften the lines thpy can he usod on single windows or —
fc: MiBtrnFTTwA ' of the face a . cut UI> for halfs a ! 'h curtains— at about "^
*T" rKVSvffPnm^ add t0 tke swe " 'i l^ e Cost "f resrular yardajr* curtain HIb
MHSHSSBieffl effect. n»ts-thf earlipr the call the better the — • •
XMW£SS&l8lSmMr &ray. *¦> inches.. choice; the price will be. each ~-y
i shirt waist^' | 4Oc aad g
Jd es ...'..... J13.00 <>0' about 73 dozen -ff
t^Z <w*lgg£99g3gL black an.1 white ladies" p-reale —^
SH ¦ black! 45 "inches.. ft^«««*i colors and slz»s, — —
¦£- ..J10.0O to Xt£Z5S£% social sale.. .50c =^
¦?" _i AI)ft( , . V»% »53 ' ladles' tee per- '
gloves . ; ma e - S w rt walstSt
£^- having sole agency for the lite Jouvln &*£ yoke* W tha
5^: real kid gloves, we offer from the new lafePRsS 273a n<"w shape ecl- "*•
«h_ nhirment Just received all the latest M4maA lar. sizes 32 to « "^t
y~ shades, tan, mode, green, blue, red. r?l* ' i €!H2k££c\ special sale 73o -^
ZTy' Kray. brown, mastlque, pearl, white and ay<*5?332fjcva "'" — •«
g~ black; Elzea oVz to 74 J1.50 pr. M» dfeSS
•*— also new shipment of. our clfbrated £1*2*4 r^S^&Ej^^V -»!»¦ "* T!
Sr: H. U. Elove«, the best ever sold for the Sl»BWB^. SKlTtS ~*«
m»~_ rrlce, all shades, tan, mode, red, jrreen, ladiM" i>to«h ~ - *
p- ' blue. gray, brown, white, pearl, black: ouHne «vvf«
g ti>e.iHto7H .,..; *L0O made very fuI1 . with °Se5f hea^- 3 ¦
new line of Imported washable cnam- sixes eoo — «¦
fc- o!s gloves. In white, pearl, natural, over- ladles' black and white duck dress -^
5^ seam, or the new half pique, including a skirts, trimmed with braid, very deep =^
Sk_ piece of Manton's chamois soap, per hem, box plaited backs, all sizes, special — —
g^ pair 85c gale » tS
Tiimm liiiUiummiummiHiitmiiiiUiUiiiiUiUiiijiiiiiiiiK