As there is no cable line to Taku and the land lines are in
the hands of the Chinese all news from our people at Tientsin
and Taku mu"st be sent by sea to Consul Fowler at Chefu, whence
it is wired to Shanghai and thence cabled to Washington. The dis
tance from Taku to Chefu is about 230 miles- The Yorktown has
a speed of sixteen knots.. Commander E. I>. Taussigr lately took
charge of her.
Continued on Third Pass. .
The Monacacy Is one of the side wheel steamers of the Mo
hongo class that -were finished just after the close of our Civil
War. She is a double-ender and draws but nine feet of -rater, be
ing designed for service on the Southern rivers. Soon after tho
close of the war she -was sent to the China station, -where she has
been ever since. Though out of date and for a long time practi
cally disabled, she is now apparently in a position to do good ser
vice in the shallow -waters of the Chinese rivers. She Is now under
charge of Commander F. M. Wise.
The United States War Steamer Monacacy, Now In the
Peifco River.
Kwan to intercept the, Chinese troops
marching through from Manchuria. A
correspondent at Li-Kuhng-Tao, on the
Wei-Hai-Wai Bay. says the Russians aro
sending 30,000 troops all told. The Official
Messenger of St. Petersburg published a
communication yesterday reviewing the
course of events in China and concluding
as follows:
"It will thus be seen that the Russian
troops are, pursuing no object hostile to
China. On the contrary. In view of the
present exciting events, * the presence of
the Russian troops in the friendly state
can only render an essential service to
the Peking Government In its struggle
with the rebels."
The St. Petersburg correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph, in a dispatch dated Sat
urday, sends a long statement embodying
the views of, the Russian , Foreign Office,
prepared by permission of. the late Count
Muravieff and embodying not only his
views, i but those of his successor.' Count
Lamsdorff. This statement holds that a
stater of war does not exist under Interna
tional law, hence it is possible to assume
that the order for active i military opera
tions at Taku originated with the pro
vincial authorities, and not with the Im
perial Government at Peking:.
\'Like other nations." says the state
ment, "Russia is pursuing humanitarian
aims, *and it can be categorically stated
that Japan is following the same correct
and pacific alms as the other.' powers.
Past experience shows that the Chinese
do not persist in fighting. Probably they
will soon change their attitude to, one of
complete submission."
..At Canton the Boxers are posting ln-
his long conference with Lord Salisbury
on Saturday, is understood to have said
that the governments of the United States
and of Great Britain were generally in
agreement as to their views regarding the
Chinese situation . and the tv.'o govern
ments probably would be found following
the same broad lines of policy In the Far
East. Mr. Choate, communicated with
Washington after the interview.
Shanghai is quiet, but there are fears of
a rising. The action of the Consuls in
asking for the departure of the six
Chinese cruisers was objected to by the
senior naval officer, who informed them
that he had at its disposal a force suf
ficient to compel them to leave if they ob
jected to the presence of the fleet. The
Chinese cruisers are armed more heavily
than the vessels of the allies, among
whose six vessels is the United States
gunboat Castine. i s
The powers are said to have fatally un
derestimated the numbers, desperation
and armament of the Chinese, who for
three years- have been accumulating rifles
at the, rate of 20,000 a month. -
-j The question here is. What are the
powers. going to do? Japan is preparing
to transship this week 10,000 additional
troops, Russia is sending down from
Vladivostok all her available forces,
estimated' at from 8000 to 9000 men, al
though recent events have shown that the
number of Russians on the Pacific Coast
has been overestimated. ; The • Indian
Council held, a special meeting. at Simla
yesterday and i considered , the - feasibility
of sending more troops.
Russia Sending a Large Force.
Russia, according to 'a Chefu corre
spondent, has landed a force of Cossacks
at Pei-Tai-Ho and another at Sban-Hai-
ceeded at great hazard in getting clear,
that the Boxers are massed around Pek
ing and that more than half of the north
ern and western portions of the city, in
cluding the foreign settlement, .were
aflame when the mandarin left. He could
tell nothing as to the fate of the for
eigners and not much as to the general
situation, but he had heard that the Em
press Dowager was preparing to go to-
the province of Shan-Sl."
A Chefu dispatch to the Daily Mail, dat
ed yesterday, says: "The attack on the
Tientsin relief force was made by 20,000
Chinese using machine guns and mod
ern field places. The allies , were wise in
retreating. Forwarding detachments in
this manner Is suicidal and the defeats
of the foreigners, even though In small
"force, greatly aids the movement of the
Boxers, which is gaining enormously
through the inability of the foreigners to
make head against It.
"Practically the whole of Northern
China is ablaze. Hostilities are now con
ducted on an extended scale, due to?dl
rect orders from Peking. General Yank-
Shl-Kai, Governor of Shantung, com
mands 11,000 foreign drilled' troops, organ
ized to a high pitch of excellence and
equipped with Mausers. It was in the
plans that these troops should go to Taku,
but the seizure of the forts was effected
before they could get there."
General Rising Feared.
Some of the special dispatches from
Shanghai 'describe the great southern
provinces of China as etlll quiet, but
others assert that, tha news from the
north is exciting the southerners to a
dangerous height of feeling and that mil
lions may rise any day. ¦ ..'..¦
United States Embassador Choate, In
PEIHO RIVER AND RAILROAD LINE FROM TAKU TO TIENTSIN.
TIENTSIN IS SEVENTY-FIVE MILES BY RIVER AND THIRTY-FIVE BY ROAD FROM TAKU, WHICH IS
IN POSSESSION OP THE INTERNATIONAL FORCES. AND FROM AVHICH A COLUMN OF 2000 MEN HAS BEEN
DISPATCHED TO THE RELIEF OF THE AMERICANS AND EUROPEANS BESIEGED IN THE FORMER
PLACE. BRIGADIER GENERAL R. H. HALL, WHOSE PORTRAIT IS GIVEN ABOVE. H-.S BEEN ORDERED
FROM MANILA TO TAKU WITH 4500 MEN, AND WILL HAVE COMMAND OF ALL THE AMERICAN LAND
FORCES ON THE SCENE OF ACTION. \
Emperor for the purpose of a consulta
tion and the arrangementof a satisfactory
understanding with the foreign powers so
as to avoid hostilities.
Wish to Avoid War.
It will be two weeks before LI Hune
Chang can reach Peking, and it is pointed
out that as the foreign troops in largo
numbers are nowjm their way there the
situation would * be ' much complicat
ed if there should be more fighting, and
there would be increased opportunity for
riots. The Viceroys and Governors are
confident that the Imperial Government
has no intention of breaking friendly re
lations, as none of them have received
any war decrees. The cablegram ex
presses the earnest hope that the United
States will confer with other powers
with a view to having combined Instruc
tions sent to the commanders of all the
foreign troops now in China, directing
them to abstain from further hostile ac
tion until Li Hung Chang has had tlma
to reach Peking, when, it is predicted, he
will receeive imperial instructions to en
ter into negotiations with the representa
tives of foreign powers for the purpose of
bringing about a peaceful settlement of
the present difficulties, after which. It
is promised, imperial troops will with un
divided energy suppress the rioters.
It is further stated that, as the Vice
roys and Governors of Yangtse and the
coast provinces have assumed the re
sponsiblity and are exerting themselves
to the utmost for the protection of lffe
and property, foreigners need feel no
anxiety; but it is pointed out if
there should be more fighting about
Tientsin it would follow that Southern
China also would become Involved.
In conclusion, the cablegram says th©
situation is critical, and it is urgent that
there should be prompt issuance of In
structions to foreign troops.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, -WASHING
TON. June 24.-China has ap
pealed to the powers to refrain
from further military operations
until Li Hung Chang has had time
to reach Peking and confer with the Dow
ager Empress and Emperor with a view
to bringing 'about a settlement of the
present troubles and averting the calam
ity of war.
This appeal did not come from the
Tsung H Yamen or from any authority
in Peking, but it is in the form of a cable
gram to Minister Wu Ting Fang from
Chang Chih Tung-, Viceroy of Hunan
and Hupeh provinces, with the concur
rence of all the Viceroys and Governors
of the Yangtse and coast provinces, who,
according to the cablegram, have as
sumed responsibility for doing all in their
power to protect foreigners. Similar
cablegrams have been sent to all the pow
ers.
The cablegram to Mlniser Wu is dated
at Wu Chang. June 23. It says that the
"Boxer" rioters. In disobedience of im
perial edicts, have been Inflicting injury
and loss of life and property upon people
of various nations In the north of China,
and that In Peking and In the surround
ing country Chinese subjects have lost
property of great value. The killing of
attaches of the Japanese Legation is re
ferred to as having been unforeseen by
the Imperial authorities and due to lack
of proper action by Chinese officials; but
the fear is expressed that the consequent
action of the foreign naval forces in
seizing Taku forts may lead to a rup
ture, Li Hung Chang, according to this
cablegram, has been summoned to Pe
king by the Empress Dowager and the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Asks for an Armistice Until Li Hung Chang
Shall Have Had Time to Cheek the
Rising of the Boxers.
Has Appealed to the Powers to Re
frain From Further Military
Operations.
CHINA ALREADY
SEEKING PEACE
LONDON, June 25. 3 a. m.— The posi
tion cf the international forces in
the section of Northern China,
where 10X) men are striving to keep
a footing and to succnr the lega
tions in Peking, appears to increase
In peril with every fresh dispatch. Peking
has not been heard from direct for four
teen, days. The last dispatch was one im
ploring aid. Admiral Seymour's column
of 2000 was last heard from twelve days
ago. At the time it was surrounded mid
way between Peking and Tientsin. Possi
bly" now it has reached Peking.
The 3000 internationals at Tientsin ¦were
hard pressed and fighting for their lives
on Thursday, and a relieving force of less
than 1000 men had been beaten back to
Taku on Friday. Observers on the spot
think that 100,000 men would not be too
many to grasp China firmly.
The Admiralty has received the follow
ing from the British rear admiral at Taku:
"CHEFU. June 3.— Only one runner has
got through from Tientsin for five days.
No information could be obtained except
that the foreign settlement had been al
most entirely destroyed and that our peo
ple were fighting hard. News is received
as this telegram is dispatched that an at
tempt to relieve Tientsin on June 23 was
repulsed with some loss."
The telegram also said: "The allied ad
mirals are working In perfect accord, with
the Russian vice admiral as senior of
ficer."
Defeat of the Allied Forces.
A press message from Shanghai dated
yesterday at 4 p. m. embodies some later
information. It Bays:
•"OfTlciaJ Japanese telegrams confirm the
reports of a defeat of the allied forces at
Tientsin. The foreigners there are now
placed in a most desperate situation. The
Russian admiral, Hillebrad, yesterday
Fent a mixed force of 4500 from Taku to at.
tempt the relief of Tientsin. Nearly half
of the force consisted of Japanese. The
remalnder was made up of contingents
representing the other nations.
"The guns of the Chinese around Tien
tsin are superior to anything the defend
ing European force has or is likely to have
for some time. The bombardment of Tien
tsin continued Friday. Bombsheds were
hastily erected by the foreign troops, con
structed of wetted piece goods. The food
supply is insufficient and the continued
shelling is reported to be telling terribly.
"Among those killed of the relief force
Friday was the commander of H. M. S.
Burfleur. The foreign casualties were 300.
"Japan is making every effort. Her
troops are now arriving at Taku in large
numbers. The Chinese troops in the prov
ince of ChirLl include 60,000 auxiliaries
who have been drilled by Russian and
German officers."
Captain Beatty and Lieutenant Wright,
British, have been severely wounded at
Tientsin, according to a Shanghai dis
patch to the Daily Express dated Satur
day. The information was brought there
by the British cruiser Orlando from Che
fu. The losses of the Russians have been
heavy.
Thousands of Chinese Slain.
It was reported from Shanghai last
evening that the allied forces had blown
up the Taku forts and that every avail
able man had been sent to the relief of
Tientsin. Two thousand three hundred
Chinese bodies are alleged to have been
cremated at Taku, and more than 4000
Chinese are said to have been killed at
Tientsin.
Chinese runners who have arrived at
Taku report that a foreign force was
engaged several days ago with an over
whelming body of Chinese forty miles
west of Tientsin. At Shanghai it is as
sumed that this force was Admiral Sey
mour's. The Shanghai correspondent of
the Daily Express says:
"I learn from a mandarin who stealth
ily left Peking- on June 16, and who suc-
Foreign Commanders Now Learn That They Have
Woefully Underestimated the Hordes
Confronting Them.
Internationals Were Fighting for Life
on Thursday and Have Not Been
Heard From Since.
DIRE PERIL OF
RELIEF FORCE
June 24. — The Secretary of the Navy
has ordered Admiral Remey with the Brook'lyn to go to
Taku and assist the army with what, troops the Brooklyn
can carry.
Admiral Kempft's dispatch giving the first definite news of
the shedding of American blood on Chinese soil came early this
morning and was turned over to Secretary Long as soon as he
arrived at the department. With Admiral Crowninshield. the
Secretary carried the dispatch to the White House, where, on
the President's return from church, it was laid before him. The
determination thereupon was reached to order Admiral Remey,
in command of the Asiatic shuadron. from Manila to Taku on
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 24.— The Navy Department'
to-day gives out this bulletin :
"This telegram from Admiral Kempff, dated Che
fu.June 24, says: *In ambuscade near Tientsin on the 21st,
four of Waller's command killed and seven wounded. Names
will be furnished as soon as received. Force of 2000 going
to relieve Tientsin to-day. KEMP1-F.' "
The big ship may now T have a chance to repeat her cele
brated performance "around the Horn," as she is being crowded
for a fast run to the scene of action. The distance is about 1500
miles, and if she makes her record time she will be at Taku in six
days, about the same time that the Brooklyn arrives from Ma
nila. These ships are the only ones going to China. Admiral
Crowninshield pronounces as untrue the report that the gun
boats Marietta, Princeton and several other ships at Manila have
been ordered to Taku. There is felt to be no need for them, and,
moreover, with the ships now under orders to sail, Admiral Re
mey will have a force which is considered able to meet any pos
sible requirement.
board of the armored cruiser Brooklyn. The Secretary and Admiral Crowninshield returned to the Navy Depart
ment, where the necessary orders were dispatched to Admiral Remey. The effect of this transfer is to make Taku
the headquarters of the Asiatic squadron. The Brooklyn is expected to sail at once— to-day if possible— as the
orders sent contemplate getting the admiral on the scene at the earliest moment.
The advantage of this; it was officially stated, was not so much in adding the strength of the Brooklyn to
the fleet already there, as the fleet is considered by Secretary Long to be quite adequate, as it is in allowing the
authorities here to deal directly with the situation in China, instead of through the circuitous communications by
way of Manila. If the Brooklyn started to-day, as expected, it will take her fully a week to reach Taku, as the
trip is 2000 miles and typhoons are raging. The determination to carry some of General MacArthur's troops on
a flagship was the emergency of the situation. The troops are believed to be reacly to move, but some delay may
be caused in getting on board sufficient supplies for a large body of men for a week.
Admiral Kemptt's report that four Americans' were killed and seven wounded in the ambuscade of Waller's
force caused the gravest concern among officials, but the chief fear was as to the outcome of the second attack,
which, the admiral reported, would begin to-day. Its results may be decisive, not only to the immediate force em
ployed but in determining the fate of legations and foreign settlements at Tientsin, and also whether the issue is
or is not to be war with China.
Word reached the Navy Department to-day that the battleship Oregon got away from Hongkong last, night
bound for Taku. This is two days ahead of her expected start. She took on 164 sailors and marines, brought
to Hongkong bv the Zafiro.
The war branch of the Government is preparing for any eventuality that may arise out of the Chi
nese situation. It was stated by one of the highest officers of the army that the scale of preparation is of a mag
nitude which would both interest and surprise the public. But, he added, the information would be of even greater
interest and service to any foreign foe which the United States, may be called upon to face within the next few
weeks or months, and for that reason there is no purpose to make public the full preparations making to meet
whatever issue arises. All that the officials will say is that both the army and the navy, if the occasion arise, will
give a good account of themselves.
Adjutant General Corbin was at his desk during the morning, and after going over the dispatches went to
the White House. The President was about to start for church, so that there was time for only a brief consul
tation. General Corbin said nothing had been received up to that hour from MacArthur as to the Philippines or
the Chinese. As to the preparations for China, General Corbin refused to say anything except that the report of
a brigade being ordered there was purely speculative.
While the Berlin reports as to the safety of Baron von Ketteler and the legations at Peking appear to dispose
of one of the most alarming stories of the crisis, Minister Conger at Peking is still cut off from communication
there, and there is no direct and official assurance of the safety of the Ministers and legations, nor is there a
word of the relief force, including the Americans who sought to break through to Peking.
Secretary Long returned from an outing at Pingha last night and to-day resumed charge of affairs, relieving
Assistant Secretary Hackett. The Secretary- looked greatly refreshed. About the first news that reached him
on his arrival was the fighting and bloodshed of the American marine forces near Tientsin.
Admiral Kempff Reports the Killing of Four and the Wounding of Seven Men of
Waller's Command in an Ambuscade Near Tientsin.
AMERICAN BLUEJACKETS FALL
IN BATTLE WITH THE BOXERS
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JUNE 25, ' 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— ]STO. 25.
The United States Gunboat Yorktown, Now Engaged in
Carrying- Dispatches Between Taku and Chefu.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLDELAWARE, Ohio, June 24.— Dr. Leon
ard, missionary secretary of the ilethod
ist Episcopal church, denies that the re
ported cablegram from Frederick Brown
at Chefu, concerning the alleged murder
of the American missionaries, the Pykes
and Halnes, was received by him. He
said:
."I haveno reason to believe that any of
the other 'missionaries in China have been
murdered and I shall continue to believe
that all are alive until I receive positive
information to the contrary.".
Special Dispatch to . The CaII
DEWEY MAY BE SENT.
# WASHINGTON, June 24.— There is rea
sbn to believe that should the situation in
China result in war between the powers
in which the United States might become
involved Admiral Dewey be the
first to apply for sea service, but the
admiral Is hopeful that the question can
be settled without conflict among the na
tions. Secretary Long favors the idea of
sending Dewey, but only In case the situ
ation In the East requires heroic action
by this Government. In this case Dewey's
presence In Chinese waters, with whlcb
he is familiar, would be Invaluable.
RAJLLYING TO BLACK FLAGS.
VANCOUVER, ' B. C, June 24.— Oriental
advices by the steamer Tartar to-day
state, according to a Canton "correspond
ent, a rebellion Is expected to break out
in Kwan Tuan Province at any time.
Enormous quantities of Mauser rifles and
quick-firing guns have been smuggled In,
and It Is said that 2500 troops may be put
Into the field. Viceroy Li Hung Chang
Is attempting to nip the. rebellion In the
bud, but so far has been unable to do so.
Thousands of discontented people are
said to be rallying to the black flags of
the rebel chieftains.
CAVALRY MAY- BE LAKT>ED.
WASHINGTON, , June 24,-The Sixth
Cavalry, which will sail from San Fran
cisco shortly, will not go directly to Ma
nila, but will be taken to Nagasaki, where
orders will be sent,' based on the develop
ments in the Chinese situation.
AMMUNITION FOR CHINA-
NEW YORK. June 24.— Three carloads
of ammunition consigned from the factory
in Connecticut \ to China j by way of San
Francisco were sent from here last night
in charge of United States Government
officials. -¦ . , . . .. ,
DISCREDITS RUMORS OF
MISSIONARIES' DEATH
Indiana Girl Rushes In to Stop a
Duel end Is Hit by a
Bullet.
BEDFORD, Ind.. June 24.— Albert Rob
erts and Oscar Jeans have been rival
euitors for the hand of Miss Jennie Rus
eell. While Roberts and Miss Russell
were out driving they met Jeans, and a
jiistol duel ensued between the two men.
SliFS Rupsell leaped from the buggy and
rushed between them, but they continued
6hooting and she was fatally wounded, it
Is alleged, by one of Roberts' shots. Hob
erts grabbed ib<* girl in one arm as she
fell end continued liring with the other.
Miss Russell died in a few hours at her
home, Roberts remaining at her bedside
even alter death. He will lose his mind.
Jeans escaped.
SUICIDE OF AN OFFICES.
Major Schaefer of Minnesota Shoots
Himself In. the Head.
ST. PAT'L, June 24.— Word has been re
ceived here of the apparent suicide at New
Prague, Minn., of Major Charles M.
Schaefer, major In the Fourteenth Minne
sota Volunteers during the Spanish war
end until fifteen years ago an officer In
the regular army. The body was found
In a cemetery- at New Prague, a bullet
¦wound in the head and a revolver beside
the body indicating suicide. There ia no
known rea&on for the suicide. Schaefer
"was 42 year old and caw considerable ser
vice in Western Indian vren before his re
tirement.
?
MAY MOVE MONASTERY.
Franciscan Order at I>enver May Be
Affected.
WASHINGTON, June 24.— It is learned
B.t the Franciscan Monastery here that
a special meeting of all the provincials of
that ancient order In the flnlted States
•vrill be held to-morrow at Cleveland. Ohio,
when the question of moving the Denver
monastery to a point nearer the mother
house In this country. Paterson, N. J., Is
to be definitely settled. Although the
yrarjciscans of Colorado thus will be
changed to other quarters .they will gel
full indemnity in houses and lands wher
evcr they.are pent. _ : -'- v -f
Killed by a Train.
Cj>ecial nif^at-h to The Call.
BAKEREFIELD. June 24-Claude TVith
lngton, the 20-yc-ar-old pon of Mrs. H. W.
"U'lthing-ton of this place, was killed last
nipht by a Southern Pacific train near
Klnesbury. The body was literally ground
to pieces and rcattered for some distance
alontf the track. It is supposed he was
killed by the southbound Owl. The only
wav the young man was Identified was by
a letter from his mother found in a por
tion of his clothing. He had been absent
from home only a short time, and the let
ter found stated that his mother had sent
him money to come home. He was *ub-
Jc-ct to epileptic fits.
Troops for the Philippines.
•WASHINGTON, June 24.— Two compa
nies of the United 8tate* marine corps,
consisting cf $3 men. Major William P.
I?iddle in command, loft here to-day for
San Francisco, whence they are to call
about July 1 for the Philippines. In the
event of continued trouble in China their
destination may be changed to that coun
try.
French Society's Picnic.
Special Difuatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June ti.— The first an
nual picnic of the French Mutual Relief
Eoclety. La Ganloise. was held at Bchuet
zen Park to-day. About l^X) ; people, at
tended the outing.
KILLED BY MEN WHO
FOUGHT FOR HER HAND
XRAMER. BEATS COOPEB.
Amateur Champion Defeats the Fro-
f essional Cyclist.
NEW YORK, June 24.— At Newark, N.
J., to-day Frank Kramer, the amateur
bicycle champion of 1S09. defeated Tom
Cooper, the professional champion of 1899,
in the two remaining heats of their
match race, the first heat of which was
run June 10.
McFarland divided honors with the oth
ers, winninp the five rr.ile handicap.
Pacemakers were put in to pace the
heats of the one mile open which put a
stop to the usual loafing: in the half mile
events. Close finishes marked each heat.
McFarland beat Kramer. Cooper and
Freeman came down the stretch like a
double team, with the advantage in favor
of the Detroiter. Stevens beat Jay Eaton
in the third heat by a very close mar
pin, while Johnny Fishqr beat out Hardy
Downing. In the extra heat for second
man Freeman showed Eaton the way
across the tape.
In the five-mile handicap McFarland
came to the front at the bell and sprint
ed the last quarter, warding off repeated
attempts of Eaton, Newhouse and Kra
mer to go around him. The time. 10:52, is
within four seconds of the record. Sum
mary:
One mile, open, prefesslonal — Final heat won
by Tom Cooper, F. A. McFarland second. J.
T. Fisher third. H. B. Freeman fourth. Time,
2:11.
On» mile match race, best two In three heats
— Tom Cooper vs. Frank Kramer. First heat
run June i<\ von hy Cooper, second heat by
Kramer. Time, 1:22 2-5. Third heat and race
won by Kramer. Time, 2:24.
Five-mllp handicap, professional— Won hy P.
A. McFarland, Pail Jos«", scratch: Jay Eaton,
100 yards, second: Al New-house. 50 yards,
third: Frank Kramer, scratch, fourth: Bob
Wal'hour, 100 yards, fifth. Time, 10:52.
NOT IN CONDITION.
Wisconsin Varsity Oarsmen in Foor
Shapa for a Race.
POUGHKKEPSIE, N. Y., June 24.— Of
the four colleges that are now represented
here by clght-oared crews the Wisconslns
were the only ones who attempted to
do any rowing to-day and their experi
ment, made shortly before noon, when the
running of an ebb tide against a south
west wind kicked up a heavy sea, was
anything but satisfactory. O'Dea. who
says that his men are not in condition to
enter a race, felt that It was necessary for
them to go out In spite of the whitecaps
and he sent them over to the west shore',
while he followed in the "Walla Walla, in
crossing the river the - university boat
shipped water until It threatened to
swamp and the eight had to get out on
the beach and' empty out the water. The
freshman boat did not take In nearly so
much water, although the crew went
through the same process of emptying It
out After that both crews rowed a few
short stretches, but the river was too
rough to permit much conching and O'Dea
sent the crews back to the boathouse.
Without comparing them with the
'varsity, the trial showed that in rouyh
water the freshmen are a decidedly well
behaved eight. In fact their discipline is
so perfect that they have the appearance
of veterans. ,
E. H. Murphy and E. E. Haskin, re
spectively commodore and vice commo
dore of the "Wisconsin navy, arrived to
day, accompanied by John HIckey, cus
todian of the college gymnasium, who will
look out for the Wisconslns' properties.
Bicyclists Tryout.
SACRAMENTO, June 24.-The Capital
City Wheelmen had their tryout to-day In
determine what men shall constitute their
team to contest with Reno in the fifty
mile relay race on the Fourth of July.
Kach man rode five miles. The best time,
by Robert Backrath, was 12:27 4-5, and
the slowest, 13:20 3-5. The fifty miles was
made In 2 hours 9 minutes and 87 3-6 sec
onds. A strong wind was blowing, or even
better time would have been made. • .
DR. EWING SAFE.
DANVERS, "Mass.. June 24.— Rev.
George Henry E wing, one of the American
Board's, missionaries In China, for, whose
welfare much aoixety haa been felt, has
arrived safely at Chefu, according to a
cablegram just received here. , - .
Her Foot Became Entangled in the
Halter Rope and the Flesh Was
Badly Burned.
special Dispatch to The can.
SANTA ROSA. June 24,-Mrj. Carl Bade,
an elderly lady, residing near* the railroad
about one mile from here, met with a dis
tressing accident this morning. As the
train was coming along she attempted to
lead a horse away that was tied to a
fence close by the track. The horse be
came frightened and her foot became en
tangled In the halter rope, which burnt
its way clear to the bone. Amputation
was necessary, and owing to the age of
the lady It is impossible to say whether
she will be able to survive the shock or
not.
MUSTARD IN MONTEREY. ,
Farmers Are Attempting to Revive
an Old Industry.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY. June 24.— A new industry,
mustard .culture, is being tried in the
farming sections of this county this year
and the crops are already very promis
ing. K. M. Henniken. the large beekeeper
of Carmel, is going Into the new "business
more extensively than anv one else and
has a large tract of land sown to mus
tard. There are about a dozen other
ranchers trying the experiment, chiefly tn
the Canada Segunda. Carmel and Coast
districts, and a yield of over seventy tona
of mustard seed is expected.
In early days mustard culture was one
of the leading Industries hereabouts, but
of late years nothing: at all in that line
has been tried. It is believed mustard
can now be made a very lucrative crop
if properly handled by the ranchers, as
climatic conditions here are so favorable
to its growth, and if the present experi
ment proves successful it will doubtless
become a permanent industry in Monterey
County.
TELEPHONED INDORSEMENT.
Odd Case Now Fending in the Sac-
ramento Courts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, June 21.— An odd case Is
pending; in the local courts. A resident of
Yolo County called at the office of the
Phoenix Flouring Mills and contracted for
a bill of J224 S5. giving as reference C. D.
Simpson of Woodland. The mill people
called up Simpson over the telephone and
asked him as -to the purchaser's credit.
Simpson, It is claimed, telephoned back
that the man was all right and could be
trusted for the amount.
But the man «:id not pay the bill in the
epecifled time, and attachment proceed
ings have been brought against Simpson
on the strength of his telephoned indorse
ment.
FARMS UNDER WATER,
Serious Floods Reported in the
Squaznish Valley District.
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 24,-News of
serious floods in the Squamish Valley dis
trict, twenty-five miles from Vancouver,
was brought here last night by the steam
er Defiance. There has been no loss of
life, but the people are compelled to live
In the upper parts of their building's. Part
of the dyke has been torn away, and be
sides the carrying away of small buildings
some cattle are reported to have been
drowned. Many farms are under several
feet of water. \
Gamewell Company May Loso.
Special Dispatch 1o The Call.
SACRAMENTO, June 24.— A. J. Coffee
of San Francisco, agent for the Gamewell
fire alarm and police telegraph system, re
cently entered Into a contract with the
Board of Trustees for the Installation of
his system -In Sacramento at a total ex
pense of (34.500. to be paid for in the course
of two years at the rate of $690 per month.
At the instance of J. H. Devlne. one of the
two Trustees who voted against the prop
osition a citizen named F. F. Doland
brought suit in the Superior Court for an
order restraining the Board of Trustees
from carrying 1 out the contract. Judge J.
"W. Hughes has taken the case under ad
visement and promises a decision in a few
days. An Indication that he will declare
against the contract was given by Judge
Hughes when he remarked from the bench
that In failing to state the fund from
which the payments were to be drawn the
contract was clearly void.
Laborers Scares.
Special Dlspatcn to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. June24.— Labor through
out Northern California is scarce. Japan
ese fruit pickers who in former years
worked for S3 cents per day are now de
manding and receiving Jl 50 per day. Men
employed on the street railway reconstruc
tion In this city are receiving- $2 and $2 25
a day, ¦when for similar work a couple of
years ago laborers were paid $1 50 and
jl 75 per day. A number of Japanese have
been employed by the railroad company in
laying: ties over a lone stretch of railway
In the neighborhood of Keswick, the com
pany asserting that It has been unable to
secure white men to do the work at high
er wages. Scarcity of help Is also reported
In the placers, orchards, and. In fact
throughout this section of the State
Bed Men's Outing.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN RAFAEL. June 24.— The Mnloaka
Council No, J8, Improved Order of Red
men, had its outing at Fairfax Park to
day,'about 1000 people enjoying the day
The committees In charge of the outlntr
were: Committee of arrangements— W C
Rowley, W. B. Koesel. Miss L. Clancevl
Mss KT. Cunningham, Miss K. Benhara a!
Hausman. A. Phillips. Miss E. SchlinK.
Mss M. Connelly. 'E. Murphy. Floor com
mlttee-W. b. Koesel. E. Murphy. Miss
Madge Connelly. Miss L. Clancey. Mis*
%-J£&**' MlSS F - H **P-' J ' Byrae - MI "
ELDERLY WOMAN
INJURED BY A HORSE
Denies Them Only Rights
of Bearing Arms and
Trial by Jury.
Promoters of the Peace Jlovemsnt
Now Engaged in Heconstmct
ing Clauses Already
Submitted.
MANILA. June 2*. 1:45 p. m.— General
MacArthur has given a formal answer to
the Filipino leaders who !a«t Thursday
6ubmltted to him peace proposals that
had been approved earlier in the day by
a meeting of representative insurgents.
In his reply he assured them that all
personal rights under the I'nited States
constitution, excepting trial by jury and
the right to bear arms, would be guaran
teed them.
The promoters of the peace movement
are now engaged in reconstructing the
draft of the seven clauses submitted to
General MacArthur in such a way as to
render it acceptable to both sides.
The seventh clause, providing for the
expulsion of the friar*. General MacAr
thur rejected on the ground that the set
tlement of this question rests with the
commission headed by Judge Taft.
• That portion of the Forty-third Infantry
which formerly garrisoned the Island of
Samar, will proceed to the Island of
Lcyte. giving the jjarrison there the
needed reinforcements.
The battaMon of the Twenty-ninth In
fantry, ¦which was pent yesterday to
Samar. will act as the garrison there.
MESSAGE OF
M'ARTHUR TO
THE FILIPINOS
Special Dispatch to The Call
OMAHA, Xebr., June 24.— Partisans of
W. J. Bryan strongly intimate that his
trip to Wisconsin was arranged that he
might have a conference with Nominee
Towne, and they say that the Vice Presi
dential Question is disturbing: Mr. Bryan
and his associates far more than is the
platform to be adopted at Kansas City.
Democrats who are nearest to Bryan con
tend' that a mistake was made when
Towne was nominated,. while leadlnsr Pop
ulists, who represent Bryan, declare that
whatever the action . of the Kansas City
convention may be, Towne's name shall
remain on the national ticket. The situ
ation is almost identical with that' of 1B96.
Discussing the subject editorially, the
Omaha Bee shows that Bryan Is not
averse to a double-header second place
ticket. The Bee will say:
In his book reviewing 1 the last Presidential
campaign, written shortly after its close, Will
iam Jennings Bryan, referring to the "npp* 1 
cedpnte«l anomaly of a Presidential ticket with
two camlidatea for the Vice Presidency, gays:
"Looking buck over the campaign I am now
convinced that under the conditions then ex
isting two Vice Presidential candidates were
better than one and that, notwithstanding the
embarrassment at the time, the silver cause
made a better showing than It would have
done if Mr. Sewall had withdrawn in favor of
Mr. Watson or Mr. Watson in favor at Mr.
'Vhls' unqualified indorsement of the two
tailed system prompts the question. Mr. Bryan
wants two running; mates again in the cam
paUn' of l?00. So far Mr. Bryan seems to be
the only man upon whom all fusion tickets
unite, while to force a Democrat for Vice,
President on the Popul'sts- or a Populist on
th« Democrats ec-enis to threaten as ereat dis
sension now an it did four years ago. Would
not the withdrawal of Mr. Towne in favor of
the choice of the Kansas City convention alien
ate as many Democrats as would have been
driven away" by the substitution of Watson for
Bewail in the last campaign? The Populists
and Sliver Republicans are preparing to make
a biK demonstration in favor of Towne at
Kansas City July 4.
TOWNE'S ASPIRATIONS.
Hopes to Get the Nomination at
Kansas City.
DULUTH, Minn., June 24. — Charles A.
Towne takes exception to the inference
drawn In a dispatch from Austin, Tex.,
yesterday that he would withdraw from
the Vice" Presidential race If not nomi
nated at Kansas City. The dispatch
quoted an extract from a letter written
by Mr Towne to Major Walton of Austin.
Mr. Towne said to-night that there was
nothing in the letter upon which an Inti
mation of his course as to the Vice Pres
idency could be based.
••You may say, however," continued Mr.
Towne, ••that I expect to be nominated
for Vice President at Kansas City, and
I have more support at present for the
nomination than any other man, although
in some sections of the East there seems
to be objection to a Western man for the
Clace. Jf. however, I am not nominated
y the Democratic convention I am not
prepared to pay what action I shall take
and will not 'decide until that time comes."
HILL NOT WILLING.
Would Refuse Second Place on the
~£/i) Democratic Ticket.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALBANY. N. Y., June 21.— Former
United States Senator David H. Hill en
tertained Chairman' Frank Campbell of
the Democratic State Committee at Wolf
ert's Roost to-day. Speaking of the con
ference afterward. Chairman Campbell
said he was authorized to make the state
ment that Senator Hill would not be a
candidate for the Vice Presidency on the
Democratic ticket under any considera
tion. The New York delegation, continued
Mr. Campbell, would endeavor to secure a
modification of the plank which calls for
free coinage of silver at 10 to 1.
DENIAL BY HANNA.
Declares That Utah Mine-Owners
Have Not Contributed,
CLEVELAND. Ohio, June 21.— Senator
Hanna said to-day that his attention had
been called to a story to the effect that
three mine-owners in Utah who suooort
ed Bryan In 18M had each contributed
550,000 to the McKlnley campaign fund. y
"I want to say," said Senator Hanna,
"that there is absolutely no foundation
to this story. It Is a pure fabrication."
Bryan and Hearst Confer.
CHICAGO, June 24.— William J. Bryan
before leaving Chlcagro to-day held' a
conference , with William R. Hearst of
New York, Sam B. Cook, candidate for
Secretary of State of Missouri, and J. G.
Johnson, chairman of the Democratic Xa
tional Executive Committee. After the
conference Mr. Bryan refused to be inter
viewed. ' - 7
jtfapa Republicans Organize.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NAPA, June 24.— Tlio Republicans are
lining up for campaign work In this coun
ty. The • new County Central Committee
BRYAN wWANTS
TO MEN FOR
RUNNING MATES
Towne's Name to Be Kept
on the Ticket of the
Populists.
Democrats Will Name a Candidate
of Their Own for the
Vice Presidential
Chair.
CEDAR RAPIDS. Iowa. June 24.—
Charles Mefford. a maniac, to-day killed
James Fitzsimmons. fatally injured Jo
seph Drake, seriously and probably fatal
ly injured Mrs. James Fitzsimmons,
slightly injured Miss Kate Fitzsimmons
and then ended his own life.
Mefford, who was 27 years old, came
here from an asylum two years ago and
had never been returned. Late Saturday
night he became wild and darted out of
his home, a raving maniac. ¦ The police
tried unsuccessfully to find him.
Shortly before 5 o'clock this morning
Reginald Andrews, the janitor at the Old
Ladies' Home, was awakened by crashing
glass. The next moment Mefford stood
before him stark naked, swinging a'neCk
yoke.
"I have murdered a whole family to
r.Igrht and I am going to kill you next and
then everybody in the home," exclaimed
Mefford. With this he attempted to
brain . Andrews. The latter choked him
into submission. Rushing through the
house Andrews locked the old ladies in
their rooms, notified the police and ran
across the street to the home of James
Drake for assistance. As Andrews and
Drake emerged a few moments later Mef
ford, carrying an axe, was seen to plunge
through a window in the home of James
Fitzfcimmons. near by. As be entered the
room Mrs. Fitzsimmons uttered a scream.
Mefford swung the axe and brought it
down toward her head. Her uplifted arm
saved her life. The arm was broken in
two places and she sustained a serious
scalp wound.
Mr. Fitzsimmons dashed into the room
and grappled with the maniac. Mefford
shook him off and split his skull with' a
blow of the ax. Then, dashing up stairs,
Mefford attacked Miss Kate Fitzsimmons,
Inflicting a number of severe scalp
wounds.
When Mefford came down stairs he en
countered Drake, struck him on. the head
with the ax and taking Drake's revolver
ran out of the house. After running -sev
eral blocks he put a bullet into his left
breast Just below the heart. Running on
two or three blocks further, he sat down
on the curbstone. Placing the revolver to
the center of his forehead he llred again.
He continued to wave the pistol above his
head. But as the first officer grabbed the
revolver from behind Mefford fell over
into the gutter dead.
TWO KILLED BY A MANIAC.
Murderer Threatened by a Mob Takes
Refuge in Prison.
TCEW ORLEANS, June 24.— William H.
Robinson, recently discharged from the
Insane asylum as cured, to-day deliberate
ly murdered William Stoessel.
A crowd threatened lynching and he
killed a young man named Whltaker, one
of his pursuers, and shot a policeman.
After running a mile he found refuge In
the parish prison, where the Sheriff and
his men kept the crpw.d at bay with Win
chesters until Robinson was locked up.
Breaks Into the Old Ladies' Home
and Threatens to Kill All
the Inmates of the
Institution.
Kills One Man, Injures Three
Other Persons and Com
mits Suicide.
WILD CAREER
OF A MADMAN
IN CEDAR RAPIDS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C. June 24.-On Satur
day, June 16, residents of Skaguay met
and drafted a petition praying for incor
poration, according to news received by
the steamer Amur, which arrived this
afternoon. The petition sets forth that
Skaguay was founded in 1897, that its pop
ulation is 3500, Its area two miles long
and three-quarters of a mile wide, and
that It contains 1000 buildings.
Another link against O'Brien, the man
held for the Claysoh -murder, has been
formed by the discovery of another body,
that of Lynn Relfe of Seattle; by the po
lice. The body was found on a bar not
far from where that of Clayson was dis
covered. Its identification was complete.
There were two bullet holes through the
body and one through the head. It was
sent to Dawson.
The Klondikers who arrived by the
Amur came up the river by the steamers
Gold Star and Yukoner, which occupied
twenty days In getting up the river, be
ing continually aground. They brought
out over ?170,000. Advices brought by
them were to the effect that the river
and lakes were rising, and in ten days
it was expected th^ bigger vessels would
again be able to navigate the river. They
report that several scows were wrecked,
one, belonging to Henry Macaulay, caus
ing the loss of freight valued at several
thousands of dollars.
Jim Hansen, the Indian accused of the
murder of the Hortons. has been found
guilty of murder in the first degree at
Skaguay. He was not sentenced, but the
general impression is that he will be
hanged. Many say that trouble Is likely
to be caused among the Indians if he suf
fers the death penalty.
A big quartz discovery is reported from
the Ohilcoot trail. Thirty men were
placed at work to uncover the vein.
The steamers Nora and Olive May of
the Klondike Corporation are to run the
White Horse rapids and be placed In
service on the lower river.
Body of Lynn Eelfe, With Two Bul
let Holes in It, Discovered
by the Canadian
Police.
RESIDENTS OF
SKAGUAY FAVOR
INCORPORATION
Another Link in the Chain
of Evidence Against
O'Brien.
AGAIN UNCLE SAM
DEMANDS PAYMENT
FROM THE PORTE
CONSTANTINOPLE. June 2$.—
Lloyd C. Oriscom, United States
Charge d'Affaires, to-day presented
a fresh note to tho Ottoman Gov
ernment insisting upon an Imme
diate reply to the demand of the
United States for a settlement of
the indemnity in connection with
the losses of Americans at the
time of the Armenian massacres.
Although vigorously phrased, the
note is not an ultimatum. It is
said, however, to have been a dis
agreeable surprise to the Porte,
testifying, as it does, to the inten
tion of the United States Govern
ment to pursue this matter of in
drmnlty to the end.
met at the courthouse here Saturday
afternoon, and organized by selecting the
following officers to manage ,the cam
paign in the county this, fall: •' Chairman,
G. W. Strohl; vice chairman. C. N. Pick
et t; secretary, Robert Corlett: treasurer,
P. S. King; executive committee— G. W.
Strohl. Robert Corlett, W. A. Elgin. Ben
jamin Grauss and Martin J. Wittlinger.
New Xational Committeemnn.
SALT LAKE, June 24.— A Bpecial to the
Tribune from Philadelphia says the ex
ecutive committee of thn Xational Repub
lican Committee has appointed O. J. Salis
bury national committeeman for Utah.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, June 24.— By reason of
the strict orders of the executive
committee no work was done on the
ttroot fair structure to-day. If any
labor was performed it was under
cover. By hard work to-morrow about all
of the booths will be ready to open Tues
day. The side shows are all in early and
some are already giving performances.
The following Is the programme for Tues
day, the opening day:
From 10 a. m. to 12 m., receptions at the rail
way stations.
At 3 p, m. ,' Midway rehearsal.
From 7:30 to $ p. m., band concert.
From 8 to S:15 p. m., Midway parade.
I From S:1S to S:3<> p. m., hif?h wire walking.
j From 8:30 to ? p. ni.,- opening ceremonies. A
I large flas will be unfurled by President Mc-
I Kinley tourhlnR an plr>ctrie button In Washing-
I ton, 1). <*. From the flag: smaller orTas and
¦ ronfetti will he scattered over the grand stantl.
: The speakers who will deliver addresses" aie:
i Hon. S. M, Hhortriilpp, Irving M. Scott, Con
j Krecsman de Yrlej, Mayor Harrison and Orrln
j H. Hendffrson.
! The open-air attractions, for the evening are
1 as follows:
' Lewis' aerial artists.
¦ Lazelle'8 athletic troupe.
Falrbank's grotesque acrobats and electric
club swingers.
Hand's wire walking:.
Rowel l*a hpad balancers.
Tejara's troupe of tumblers and Jugglers.
Howell's running glcln* act.
There has been some skepticism con
cerning the report that President McKln
ley, will send a telegram of congratula
tion, and also press the key which will
send a current to unfurl the monster flag
on the court house dome. The announce
ment is correct, Congressman Marion
de Vries having made arrangements with
the President just before he left Wash
ington for home.
King and Jesters of the Stockton Carnival.
Special Dispatch to -The Call
WOODLAND, June 24.— News has been
received from Ramsey, Capay Valley, of
the death of -Miss Ethel Mae Ryder of
this city under circumstance* particular
ly pathetic. Sh'e was boat riding on Cache
Creek with a young man named Haswcli
and a young lady friend. ,
In some manner not described by the
source of The Call representative's infor
mation she fell into the creek. Toung
Haswell promptly, went to her rescue.
Miss Ryder clung to him with such des
peration that his movements \rere great
ly Impeded and both came near drown
ing*.
When young Haswell finally landed his
charge both were in a thoroughly ex
hausted' condition.
Miss Ryder was conveyed to the home
of a friend in Rumsey and shortly after
ward was further prostrated with a
hemorrhage, from the effects of which she
died in a few minutes. The hemorrhage
is attributed to the fright under which
she labored and her desperate struggle
in the water.
MIfs Ryder was the daughter of Con
ger Ryder of Woodland. Sb*» was pbnut
twenty-one years of age and a graduat*
of Holy Rosary Academy. Only a lew
days aeo she was sranted a certificate
to teach. She was spending her vaca
tion in the Capay Valley fruit orchards.
Miss Ryder was a worthy and highly
esteemed young lady and her untimely
death is profoundly regretted.
TRAGIC DEATH
OF A POPULAR
WOODLAND GIRL
Miss Ethel Ryder Succumbs
to Hemorrhages Alter
a Bucking.
_ » ¦
Falls From a Boat and Although
Brought Ashore and Given
Treatment the Shock
Proves Fatal.
SIGNAL FROM McKINLEY WILL
OPEN THE STOCKTON FAIR
lif?*TDON. Juno 2T..— The Transvaal mili
tary incidents are summed up officially by
Lord rtoberts In the following message to
the War Office:
"PRETORIA. .Tun" 24. 11:20 a. m.-Builer
reached Standorton on June 22. He found
a pood d«al of foiling stock. All the
Dutch rcpi'ier.ts had left the town.
"The British prisoners captured since
our occupation of Pretoria have been
taken to Maehadodorp. -
"Ian Hamilton occupied Iloidr-'.bert; on
Saturday. Tli*? enemy J'ej. pursued by our
mounted men six or seven miles. The
previous day Broadwood's cavalry had a
fikirmish with the ''n^my. dispersing; them
completely an-1 capturing s-ix. Hunter's
advance bricaOo renoheil Johannesburg,
toward Heidelberg, June 22.
"The enemy attacked out r/ost at Hon
lnsrspruit and before reinforcements ar
rived from Kroonsmd they had burned
three culverts. These had all been re
paired by this afternoon."
An Associated Pr^-ss dispatch from Caps
Town dated yesterday hays:
"The British casualties at Honinpspruit
were thirty-seven killed and wounded."
Sir Redvers Duller In a dispatch to the
War Office Fays that among the prisoners
taken to Machadodorp are Ix>rds Antrim
and Ennismoor. both of whom are in good
health. Lord Lonpford was left at Reltz
severely ¦wounded.
The force now available to President
Kruper Is officially estimated at from. 15.
000 to 20,000. The Standerton correspond-
Will Attempt to Hold Out Against
British Until After the United
States Election.
rnts nssert that his snip Idea Is to hold
out until after the American Presidential
election, ilr. Kruger is reported to have
issued a proclamation on June 17 announc
ing that the Russians had declared war
upon the Japanese- and that Great Britain
must hc-lp Japan.
Lord Koberts and Commandant General
Louis Botha are still exchanging letters.
Two hundred rebels have surrendered to
G<nora! Warren at Blikfonteln.
The communications of Senekal and
Winbcrp. the mnrost supply points, have
been temporarily interrupted. General
Clements is at Senekal. A convoy seeking
to reach him Friday was driven back.
ADVANCE COMMENCES.
Relief Column Once Agnin Pressing
on to Kuma&si.
PRAHSI\ June 23.— Sufficient supplies
have at last been collected and the final
advance to open communication with Ku
rr.assi will frpcrin to-morrow (Sunday.)
On the road from Ashantl to Kwahou
are three villages, where are jrathere^l
some TCH'O fighting men, who have prac
ticed the rite? of fetish worship and
p>dgM themselves to help the Ashantls.
LONDON. June 24.— A dispatch to th*
Dally Express from Prahsu, dated Satur
day, says:
"The brain and Inspiration of the
Ashanti rebellion Is the aged Queen of
Ofesu. She carries a gun herself and per
sonally leads 10W picked hunters. Her
principal confederate Is the old. blind,
crafty Klr.p of the Adans'.s. Cobins Koli.
heir to the Adansi stool. Is a prisoner of
the British. He professes loyalty. The
revolt, he says, has been simmering for a
year."
KRUGER YET HOPES FOR
AMERICAN RECOGNITION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 25, 1900
Sentenced to Pay a Fine of One
Hundred and Fifty
Dollars.
SALT LAKE, June 24.— In the case of
B. II. Roberts, found guilty of unlawful
cohabitation, the judgment of the court
was that he pay a fine In the sum of $150.
or In lieu thereof that he be imprisoned
In the County Jail fcr a period of 150 days
A thirty days' stay was granted in order
that the defendant might file a bill of ex
ceptions, j ., v
SHBJ3TEHS AT TBTJCKEE.
Serial Di«patch to The Cull.
TRUCKEE. Cal., June 24.— Between 250
and 300 members of Islam Temple, A. A.
O. N. M. S., of San Francisco arrived here
about '7 o'clock this morning on a pll-
Rrimage to Lake Tahoe. They were met
at the train by the reception committee,
composed of local Islamites, and escorted
to the Sherritt House and Whitney House,
where a delicious breakfast had been pre
pared for the occasion.
Th«? nobles had all the trout and other
Rood things that the Inner man could de-
Rlre and it eoes without saying that they
did Justice to the spread. About 8:30 they
boarded the train on the narrow gau^e
and were whirled away toward I>ake Ta
hoe, all as happy as could be.
Trade "With Porto Rico.
WASHINGTON, June 24.— The division
of customs and insular affairs of the War
Department has made public a summary
of its regular monthly bulletin concern
ing the trade of Porto Rico for the- nine
months ended March 31, 1900. Merchandise
to the value of 17,879.208 was Imported into
Porto Rico, of which $2,679,802 worth was
admitted free of duty. This latter amount
included dutiable articles to the value of
$301,271, mainly relief supplies from the
United States. The total exportations
from the island amounted to $3,729,133. The
amount bl 'export' duty collected was $469.
LIGHT PENALTY FOR
BRIGHAM ROBERTS
2
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
222-224 SUTTER STREET
SMOKERS!
Greatest value ever offered. Fip:
importation of the famed La Mu-
riel" Cigars just arrived and oi sale
No finer goods ever came fror:i H i-
vana. Here are prices to astonish
you :
Everywhere
Regufar bit szs ;V« k
?• 3 for 50c OHC each
*. 25c 2 ? c Mch
•» 3 far SI - 25c each
These are no "special price?." but
OUR REGULAR PRICES, and will be
maintained. Come and visit our
CIGAR Department.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-TUESDAY- -WEDNESDAY
Eggs. Fancy TaUle 20 c
% . Last wetk 25c.
Sardines, large fas Ho* 20:
Imported; boneless. Regularly 30c.
Kippered Herrings Now 20c
Knslish. Regularly 25c
Staffed Mingoes, large jars Now 25c
• Sweet pickled; made la Virginia. Reg-
ularly 30c.
Furee de Fcfa Gras Now 3 far 50c
"Rilhae." Fine for sandwiches. Reg-
* ularly 25c.
Baking Powder, New Era Brand. Kow 30c
Pure; nothing better: carefully pre-
pared. Regularly 40c.
Breakfast Ddight or Wbeatlne
Regularly 3 for Cte NOW 4 tOF 25C
Whisky, O.K. Now S3 gal.. 3 fcots. $2
7-year-ol<i Bourbon. Kesularly $1 bot-
Riesling Cab;n3t Now gal. 65c
Grown In Ponoma County. Rhine w!ne
type. Ilepularly Jl gallon.
Blackberry Brandy Ft. 35c, Qt. 65c
Pure, for medicinal use.
Regularly and SCc.
Puritas Ginger Ale New doz. $1.20
Excelled by none. Regularly tl 35 doz.
" Root Beer Now doz. $1.15
A delicious summpr drink. Allowance
for empty Puritas bottles loo dozen.
Tangefoot Fly Paper New 40c box
23 large double sheets.
Fiour S fters, Reg. 20: Now fOc
D'sh Pans, extra near/
14-quart. *?Erular!y V<<J. Now 2JJe
17-nuart. resularly 40c. Now itOo
21-fjuart. regularly »Oc. Now -too
FREIGHT. JVe Prepay freight within 100
Send for Children'* Priae Contest
Catalogue.
FIBCWT'R'/Q Fine assortment put up tn
rinClftn.iO. boxes from $1 tD 912.
Little-at- the -Time Payments.
A Etltch in Tlrr.e Saves Nine.
PROSPECTIVE FURNITURE
AND CARPET
Buyers will do well to Inspect our
terms and prices before purchasing eUe-
where. ,"
Every sten a money saver.
Call and examine our larce and e'.e-
Car.t stock.
Estimates oa complete house far&lsh-
ing cheerfully given.
Free Delivery "Within XOO Mllw. rj
bhijllTant's,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Opea Evenings. Jfe*r Powell.
I DR. MEYERS & CO. j
! Diseases and Weakness of Men. \
11 «» j* « -0 . „ *- b* * * I
,, Largest Medical Institute tnd Hast Extsnslvs t
Practice. Consultation Frse. ?
i ; 731 MARKET STREET. SAN FRANCISCO ?
HoBt Cores. Etaltd FriTtta Book, I m. tfi X
Satisfactory
Eye=G!asses.
If you are wearing Eye-Glasses that are not. ,
s&tisf actory. we can siv*» you relief In a few
minutes an.l at lowest coat (for flrst-class serv-
ice). Our Famous Clips attached for 50c, while
you wait.
OculUts' prescriptions filled. Factory on prem-
ises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 13.
OPTICIAN5^ nT oG&PH ICAPP * R A' W.
r A0 M m 1 tonne
d4£ Market 5t. instruments
uwdeh CHROMtciE Bv!iD!N&. CATALOGUE FrE[.
CAFE HOBtS^
So. Overcoats and
- , Valises checked lr«e.
Meet, Sp»rm>torrh«^
JlE&y in 1 «* * Jir»- VjJ "hitaa, unnatural <il#
BfPa Qcwumj T§3 charges, or any iaSc-rims*
|^Jrrma» ooBttgioa. t| on of Bj nooa3 menk .
VaVlrHEtVJUtsCUEMinttRa cranes. Mon-MUtneeol
\gg|kC!NSlN)(iTl,Q,^Wa Sold By OrncrUla,
>«38fi«k. C. T.A. "j&fa °* «ent la olaln wrap:«r,
vCV*v>^^ by eiprsss. prepaid, IX
WmSh^h $»•<*. or 3 bcttium i2.:\
Weak Men and Women
CHOCLDrSE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
r^-f^K *» Mexlca f» remedy; gives health and
•trengtb to aexual orxana. Depot, SS3 Uviot.
AD VEETISEM-iiN XS.Rev. Thomas P. Heverin to Celebrate
His First Solemn High Mass in
Oakland Next Sunday.
OEV. THOMAS
P. HEYnF.IN.
JT^T a young Call-
fornian. who
wat ordained 3ast
Tuesday tiy Cardinal
• Gibbons st th? Cath
edral in Baltimore,
«'!il celebrate his
first mass in the
Church of St. Fran
cis dp Fairs. Oak
land. Sunday morn
lr.p next. Ber.FiB.ther
klcSwecser; th*> pas
tor of the rhurch.
¦win preach a Fpecl»l
sermon in bonor of
the occasion, and a
number of • Father
Heverin"s classmate?
•will assist him at
the a^tar. There is
every likelihood of
a large crowd be
ing present, as the
younr priest has
scores of friend* In
this ciy and aero??
the bay. He was
born in th!* city in
Aug-ust. ISfi?. ar.d re
ceived his early ed
ucation in the public
schools. He after
¦ward continued his
Ftudies a.t St. Jo
seph's Academy.
Oakland, ajid upon
graduating came to
Ban Francifco and
attended St. Igna
tius College. After
several year? of hard
study at that Insti
tution h<» wrrt East
and took r:p his
studies for for the
priesthood at St.
ilarj'F Rftininary.
five years at that famous theological college and by close application to his
difficult studies succeeded in graduating near the head of his class.
Faiher Heverln saw his hard work crowned when he was received into the
priesthood by the distinguished prolate last Tuesday. The news of his ordina
tlcn was telegraphed to his parents, who reside in Oakland. His old pastor,
Father McSweeney. was also notified and he extended a cordial Invitation to
Father Heverin to celebrate his first solemn higrh mass in his church.
Rev. Father Heverln is a son of P. Heverin. the well-known Oakland con
tractor. It is understood that the brilliant young priest will not tarry long
cinorg his people. It is his intention to take a post-graduate course at the
Catholic Theological Seminary at Washington, D. C, to better fit himself for
the important duties of his sacred offlcp.
WAS ORDAINED BY
CARDINAL GIBBONS
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived June 24— Stmr
Trave, from New York. .
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 24— Stmr Etru
ria, from Liverpool for New York.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
WASHINGTON'. June 24.— Arthur Edgerton
Bateman. aged *9. a well-known stock broker,
died of heart disease to-nieht.
HALIFAX. N. S., June 24.— Michael Lynch,
the well-known sculler, lost his left foot Sat
urday, an old injury having taken a serious
turn, necessitating amputation.
BERLIN, June 24.— The trial of the poisoner
of Louis Berger at Potsdam, which developed
«ome sensational features, has resulted in a
sentence of death upon the accused.
CHAMPION. Mich.. June 24.— Four men lost
thrlr lives in a Champion mine explosion Pat
unlay evening. The dead are: John Floyd.
Fhift boss, married: Noah l>ark. skip tender.
E'r.gle; Herman Luma. miner; Otto Parkala.
miner.
Gl'THIE. O. T., June 24.— A cyclone passed
over Beaver Coun'.y. formerly known as No
Man's Land, last night. Henry Bardwell.
Steve Hird and Abe Wriehtman were killed
and "William Hamberger and Paul Rhodes
were fatally Injured.
PORTLAND, Or., June 24.— Emma Golden,
colored, was stabbed and instantly killed early
this morning in front of the "Dollar Bill" sa
loon by Mrs. Fay Severe, also colored. Mrs.
Severe claims that the Golden woman «U»r"nt
cd to alienate the affections of her husband.
NEW YORX, June 24.— Th« liner Minneapolis
from London brotiKht in 133 Fereheron stallions
and P2 English mares here to-day. The stal
lions, which were bred In Normandy. Fnnre.
represent nn investment of $170,000. The mares
are consigned to Oklahoma and Los Angeies.
HAVANA, June 24. — A strike has occurred
among the laborers employed by the Havana
Electric Company, Cubans and Spaniard*, on
the uround that they do not receive the same
wages as Americans who do similar work. The
contractors reply that Americana are worth far
more than Cubans.
OKTIZ, Mexico. June Zi'— General Torres
hps divided his forces into two parts and pro
poses to march asainst a new stronghold of
the Yaquis. located about fifty miles north of
Torin One army of 2300 men is on the east
•side of the Yaqul River and Vhe other army,
numberinc about SOCO men, is on the west
side.
LIMA. P«"ru, June 24.— The ignorant peasantry
of the province of Huancayo and other parts
of the interior are greatly excited over the
recent destruction by flre. evidently of Incen
diary origin, of the celebrated convent of
Ocopa. The fire and another they attribute to
tho efforts and propaganda of the American
missionaries In that section. y^
ROME. June 24. — King Humbert has signified
his approval o! the list of Ministers submitted
to-day by Plgnor Saracco, with the exception
that the portfolio of finance will go to Bruno
Chimirrl. The Ministry will take the oath of
office to-morrow. Tha Government's candi
date for the presidency of the Chamber of
Deputies will be Tomasso Villa, the distin
guished advocate.
"Will "Wed on Wednesday.
LONDON, June 25.— It is understood
that the marriage of Lady Randolph
Churchill to Lieutenant George Cornwal
lis "West of the Scots Guards will take
place quietly in London Wednesday.
MASSACRES ATTENDED
BY AWFUL CRUELTIES
i, •:¦••
Special DiFpatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. June 24.— When the steamer
Tartar, which arrived yesterday after
noon, left Yokohama on June 8 the Boxer
; rising- in North China ha<l already as
j »un?ed serious proportions. Atrocities had
i been committed by the Bcxer hordes,
! many foreigners had been killed and much
i property destroyed. The missionaries and
j Chinese who had Joined the following of
the foreign cvcngelists wero thoso who
gave the most victims to the fanatical
Boxers as they marched on through Chl-
Li and Shantung toward Peking, burning,
looting and killing as they went along.
The villages in the neighborhood of Pao-
Ting Fu were the first to go down in the
atmosphere of the riot, loot and blood
shed. This was at the end of May. At
Loasui'-g. not far from the central city of
Chi-LI, there was a massacre, the village
being practically wiped "out by the Box
ers. Seventy-three of the villagers who
were known to have been converts of the
Roman Catholic mission were slain with
horrible cruelties, fingers, toes and other
portions of their body being cut off and
the unfortunates sliced with knives and
stabbed about the body with ironshod
potes while they were yet alive.
There were also massacres ar Kaolo,
thirty miles from the town of Tsinghsien
and at another place ten miles from Tang
«=hu. In the latter village sixty Chris
tian? met death at the hands of the Box
ers. They were holding service in the
village chapel when the Boxers marched
Into the vfilare and were killed as they
tried to escape when the building had
been fired by the rebels.
At the massacre at the village near
Tangshu the Christians were slain in their
burning church. The Christians had been
trapped in the church while holding ser
vice by an advance guard of the rebels.
The doors were barricaded before they
knew that they were trapped. None had
arms and to think of fighting was out of
the question. There was nothing but
flight. If a way of escape could be found,
but all exits had been closed and the un
fortunates were herded back into the
flames until there was nothing left but
their charred bodies lying in the embers
of the church.
It was the day before the first contin
gent landed that the station at Fungtal
was burned with the railway workshops.
A number of the engineers and workmen
tried to defend the shops, but they were
compelled to retreat in order to save their
lives. The Belgian. American and British
employes of the line, according to the
story telegraphed to Japanese papers,
formed a hollow square around their wo
men and children, and. armed as they
were with rifles, fought a running Sght
with the Boxers until they arrived in th©
vicinity of Tientsin. Several were killed,
some of the Japanese papers giving the
number as fifteen. .
At Pao-T1ng-Fu on June 3. when th©
central town of Cbl-Li was taken by th©
GREEN BAY. Wis.. June 24.-A north
bound passenger train on the Chicago
and Northwestern road, loaded with ex
cursionists bound for the saengerfest in
this city, collided at 10:15 o'clock this
morning with a freight train at Depere,
five miles south of here. Eight persons
were killed, one is mlssjng and fifty
throe were injured. The dead:
ED KUSKIE, Fond du Lac, Wis., drug
gist, aged 27.
LAWRENCE PLANK, Fond du Lac,
aged 25.
GEORGE L. LLOYD, Eden, died on
way to hospital.
CHARLES MIERSWA, Oshkosh.
BURT IVES, Oshkosh.
MATT KORCHER, Oshkosh.
ADAM WEBER.
Man from Ashland, name unknown.
Missing: Ed Lawson. Neenah.
Injured: John Barton, Green Bay, les
hurt; FTed Wagner, Fond du Lac, leg
broken;. Charles R. Linke, Fond du Lac,
legs hurt; Charles Repwins, Fond du Lac,
hip and knee hurt; J. J. Schmltz, Xee
nah, leg and chest Injured; Frank Ilan
zenski. burns, hip hurt; Thomas Lamb,
Fond du Lac, leg broken; Joseph Lander
man, Fond du Lac, leg broken; B. Frot
ling. Fond du Lac, lfg broken: Edward
Babereau, Kaukana leg broken; : II.
Lloyd, Fond du Lac, leg broken; Herman
Ross, Fond du Lac, leg broken; F. Gleser,
Van Dyne, leg hurt; John R. Lyner, Van
Dyne, ankle hurt; A. II. Raddatle, Van
Dyne, hand hurt; Miss Leda Eclte, Fond
du Lac, head hurt; Otto Laukrltz. Fond
du Lac, head hurt; John Ryan, Fond du
Lac, face injured; .Ernest Uarantr, Nee
nah, hand hurt; Louis Hansen, Fond du
Lac, head cut; Henry Schauft. Van Dyne,
knee hurt; Bert Doest, Oshkosh, badly
bruised; James Gaffncy, Van Dyne, back
and les hurt; E. L. Keyes, Fond du Lac,
leg hurt; F. Relnz, Fond du Lac, hand
hurt: — Shaeffer, Fond du Lac, hand in
jured; Mrs. Ecke, Fond du Lac, hand in
jured; 1 Miss Hekler. back hurt; Fred
Harper, Fond du Lac. head cut; John II.
Thompson. Fond du Lac, arm and back
hurt; Ed Carr. Fond du Lac, leg broken;
Jean Carr, Fond du Lac, both legs broken.
The accident happened just as the pas
senger train was pulling into the sta
tion. A double-header freight .was back
ing into a sidetrack to let the passenger
go by, but had not cleared the main
The Injured were near!? all in the sec
ond coach. When the two trains came
together. the first car, which was a com
bination smoker and baggage car, was
driven through , the second coach, where
the loss: of life occurred. The dead were
taken out of the wreckage and to an
undertaking establishment at Depere. The
Injured were first taken to the Depere
Hign School, which was converted into a
temporary hospital, and later were
brought to St. Vincent's Hospital. in this
city.- None of the trainmen were injured,
the engine crew Jumping in time to save
themselves. Both engines -were badly
damaged, and two coaches were broken
into kindling wood. •
The excursion train was made up at
dt "¦".'.
Disastrous Collision Occurs on the
Chicago and Northwestern Rail
way Near Town of Pe
pere, Wisconsin.
Eight Persons En Route to
the Saengerfest Lose
Their Lives.
EXCURSIONISTS
MEET DEATH IN
A TRAIN WRECK
Boxers, the British and American mis
sionaries there and the railway engineers
(Italians and Belgians) employed in the
construction of the nearby line were com
pelled to force their way through a crowd
of Boxers in order to get out of the city.
Four of them were killed and four wound
ed. An armed party had left Tientsin at
last advices to bring in the survivors. Six
foreign engineers from another part of
the Pao-Ting-Tientsln line were killed on
June 2 while trying to make their way
down to Tientsin.
LODGE SAYS WE MUST
ACT AS WORLD POWER
Special Dispatch to The C&U.
BOSTON, June 24.— Senator Lodge, who
returned from the Philadelphia conven
tion with augmented prestige as an ex
pounder of Republican policy, is out with
a vigorous statement urging the duty of
the United States Government to take an
active Interest in the adjustment of af
fairs in China. Senator Lodge's state
ment is regarded by the politicians of the
East as outlining in some measure the
purposes of the administration with re
spect to the issues that have newly arisen
in the Far East. Senator Lodge says in
his public statement:
We have China on th<r far western sphere of
the Pacific, but we hold the other side. The
peopl* who live on the furtherest shore of the
Pacific cannot b« a matter of indifference to
the masters of the western coast of North
Study that Chinese question. It is the great
question of the day. The events that are go
ing on to-day In China are bis with future re
sults. All the great nations of the world are
gathered there. One great nation Is planning
to selre that empire and close it to the rest of
the world. That In our own Interests, and In
the interests of humanity, and the interests of
civilization, too, we cannot afford.
I am not afraid ever to see the United States
&.ke her" place In the struggle of the great
world powers, where sh« belongs. I do not
mean that I want her to meddle In Europe.
God forbid! Eut I do say that the other side
of the Pacific is an American interest, and I
want to «ee the United States protect her own
throughout the East.
She can do it. We are no weakllne. The
blood of youth Is in our veins, and we shall
triumph over these difficulties as we have tri
umphed over greater ones in the past
BARRETT SAYS *CHINA
SHOULD REMAIN INTACT
CINCINNATI. June 24.— Hon. John Bar
rett, ex-Minister to Slam, was here to
day. Before leaving for Cleveland he
said:
"In restoring peace in China the United
States should be the principal influence
to determine the future and fate of
China. . It is America's Influence only that
can successfully relieve this problem and
keep China from an impending break-up.
America must stand for the integrity^ of
the Chinese empire, for "we have every
thing to lose and nothing to gain by her
partition among the European powers.
"Oh, if America allows China to be di
vided, the expansion of our commerce and
the extent of our moral influence will be
absolutely limited by the attitude and
policy of European nations.
"Another point is this: The United
States is the only power whose leadership
and dictation of policy Russia would ac
cept." : ' ¦
GERMANY IS WITH RUSSIA.
. BERLIN, June 24.— An unfavorable im
pression is caused here by the attempts
of the Russian press to create distrust
over Germany in connection with the Chi
nese question. The Inspired German or
gans insist that Berlin does not oppose
the plan of St. Petersburg In the Chinese
Empire and that [ th© future will clearly
demonstrate Germany's perfect accord
witji Russia la Asia, - .^
Fond du Lac and was packed with people
from that city, Oshkosh and Neenah. The
first two coaches of the passenger train
were telescoped and demolished, few of
the passengers escaping injury. Some
were killed outright, others were terribly
mangled. Others were badly crushed and
maimed — all hemmed in amidst the debris
of the wrecked car. The scene was ap
palling and the cries of the injured heart
rending. The passengers poured out of
the rear coaches and . it -riras but a mo
ment before hundreds of willing workers
were busy extricating the unfortunates.
Some of the injured were only just alive
when they were taken out and they died
before they could be removed.
The greatest excitement prevailed among
the panic-stricken excursionists. Those
unhurt began a wild scramble for their
missing friends and for a few moments
everything was confusion. Women and
children were crying and the many in
jured pinned in the wreckage were beg
ging to be helped.
The bodies of Charles Mierza of Osh
kosh and Edward Koske of Fond du Lac
vrcre horribly crushed and could scarcely
be recognized. /
The cause of the accident, so tat as has
been determined at this time, was due
to the freight crew Tallin? to give the pas
senger the right of way.
f.srr.rr.atory placards of which the follow
ing is a sample:
•¦K5i! ail Germans, French, Americans
and English. To have peace prevail In the
hearts of the people all foreigners should
be driven out. This end can be attained in
a few days If we unite our strength."
The British Admiralty has ordered five
more cruisers to go to China. This rep
resents an additional 50,000 tons, the crews
aggregating 3000.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Tlmf-s says: "Sheng, Director of Tele
graphs, declares that the information was
received to-day (Friday, June 22) to the
effect that the foreigners in Peking were
safe on Wednesday, June 20, but that all
the legations had been burned except the
British. Austrian and Belgian."
A dispatch from Shanghai dated yester
day says: "Sheng says he has news from
Peking by courier to Shantung that the
foreign Minister? at Peking are demand,
ing their passports, and that the Tsung U
Yamen is disposed to comply with their
requests."
If this news be true It would imply the
correctness of the reports of the arrival of
Admiral Seymour at Peking.
According to a dispatch to the Times
from Simla, dated yesterday, the Indian
force going to China will be Increased to a
division.
The Times, reviewing the situation to
day editorially, says: ;
"There is no whisper in favor of the pafr
tition or spoliation of China in this coun
try or in the ITnited Statc-s, but we feel
very strongly that the time has come for
the introduction of those practical reforms
which Mr. Choate in his recent letter to
Lord Salisbury declared to be desirable."
Continued from First Page.
DIRE PERIL OF
RELIEF FORCE
BRIDE AND GROOM.
ONE of the most charming social
functions of the season will take
place at St. Luke's Church to-day,
when at high noon the bells will
ring out for the wedding of Miss Gertrude
Spellan and Harold A. Vivian.
In connection with her newspaper work
Miss Spellan's name Is familiar to most
San Franciscans. Her versatility, how
ever, has made her as -well known in the
field of music as that of journalism. She
is the composer of a song that wm
whistled and sung the State over a year
ago. "Since My Little Brother Came to
Stay." Equally popular was the "March
of the Stars," which won the unqualified
praise of Sousa when it was submitted to
him for criticism. Her Journalistic career
showed Miss Spellan to be a clever writer
and critic. The Musical Courier of New
York owed its bright accounts of San
F"rancisco musical happenings to her pen.
She was also connected with The Call as
a local reporter and as a special writer.
Miss Spellan is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Henry T. Spellan. Mr. Spellan drew
the plane for the first cable road in New
York.
Harold Vivian is of English descent and
hails from Ceylon. He 1? connected with
] the business department of The Call, ancj
j is a great social favorite.
The p<remonv will! be performed by tha
j Rev. "William A. Breck of St. John's Epis
j copal Church. The maid of honor. Miss
Irfr.e L*>ve, will be dressed In pink or
j fraidle and carry a bouquet of whitesweet
] peas. The beautiful young- bride will
i wear a simple gown of white or
! gandie and carry white roses.
[ Gecreo J. Butler will be best man. and
the bridn -will be plvrrr away by Colonel
F. Weed. After the ceremony, to which
onjy Intimate friends are Invited 1 , a break
fast will be spread at the hom» of Mrs.
Lister, lfill Mason street. Bride ami
Kroovn leave after the ceremony for a
tour through the South before returnire?
to San Francisco, where they will mako
their future home.
Took an Overdose of Medicine.
Samuel C. Mills, an accountant 65 years
old. residing at 2270 Twenty-fifth street,
who had been under medical treatment
by Dr. Clinton for pulmonary troubles,
took twenty-four times the amount of
chloral hydrate prescribed for him on last
Saturday night and died. The case waa
reported at the Coroner's office and th<%
body was removed to the Morgue, whert
an Inquest will he held to-day.
Jesse L. Rahe, Baltimore; Walter
Pope, Atlanta: Miss Mary B. Mer
rltt, Boston; Miss Clara Alden,
Boston; J. C. Flynn, Atlanta; E.
Schryner, Chattanooga. Tenn.; E.
T. Mack, Chattanooga, Tenn.; J. J.
Quinlan, flagman; T. C. Carter,
Pullman porter; Andy Tomlinson.
The storm did not abate in fury. Flashes
of lightning added to the steady glow of
the burning train and lighted up the scene
with fearful distinctness.
Flagman Quinlan, who was one of the
first to get out, at once started for the
nearest telegraph station. Making his
way as rapidly as possible in the face of
the blinding storm, he stumbled into the
office at MeDonough. and after telling the
night operator of the wreck;. fell fainting
to the floor. Word v/as quickly sent to
both, Atlanta and Macon, but no assist
ance was to be had except In the former
city, as the Interrupted track prevented
the arrival of any train from Macon.
Fire Checks Rescue Work.
Nearly the entire population of McDon-
PASSENGERS RESCUED.
TH£ DEAD.
WILLIAM A. BARCLAY, con
ductor, Atlanta,
J. E. WOOD. Conductor, Atlanta,
J. T. SULLIVAN, engineer.
W. W. BENNETT, baggageman,
Atlanta.
T. E. MADDOX, cotton buyer,
Atlanta.
W. J. PATE, Atlanta.
Twelve-year-old son of J. W.
Pate. Atlanta.
H. R. CRESSIiriN, Pullman con
ductor.
GEORGE "W. FLOURNET, At
lanta.
H. C. HIGHWATER. Stock
bridge, Ga.
W. W. PARK. Macon. Ga,
ELDER HEXSOX, traveling
man, supposed to have been from
Florida.
J. R. FLORIDA. Nashville, Tenn.
W. E. ELLIS, bridgeman. Stock
bridge, Ga. ;;/s>-
D. Y. GRIFFITH. Supervisor.
J. H. RHODES, flagman.
JOHN BRANTLEY. fireman.
WILL GREEN, extra fireman.
W. D. MORISETT, pump re
pairer.
W. R. LAWRENCE, foreman ex
tra gang.
ED BYRD, colored, fireman, At
lanta.
ROBERT SPENCER, train
porter.
Four bodies unidentified.
Eight negro section hands.
ATLANTA. Ga. June- 24.— The pas
senger train on the Macon branch
of the Southern Railyay, which ran
into a washout one and a half miles
north of MeDonough. Ga.. . last
night, was completely wrecked. The
wreck, caught fire and the entire train,
with the exception of the sleeper, was de
stroyed. Every person on the train, ex
cept the occupants of the Pullman car,
perished. Not a member of the train crew
eEcaped. Thirty-five persons in all were
killed.
The train left Macon at 7:10 and was
due In Atlanta at 9:40 last night. MeDon
ough was reached on time. At this point
connection is made for, Columbus. Ga.,
and here every night the Columbus train
is coupled on and hauled through to At
lanta. Last night, however, for the first
time in many months tne Columbus train
was reported two hours late on account of
a washout on that branch, and the Macon
train started on to Atlanta without its
Columbus connection.
Tremendous rains of dally occurrence
for the past two weeks had swollen all
streams in all parts cf the South, and
several washouts have been reported on
the different roads. Camps Creek, which
runs into the Okmulgee, was over its
banks and its waters had spread to all
the lowlands through which it runs.
About a mile and a half north of MeDon
ough the creek comes somewhere- near the
Southern's tracks, and, running alongside
for some distance, finally passes away
under the road by a heavy stone culvert.
A cloudburst broke over that section of
the country about 6 o'clock last night and,
presumably shortly after dark, washed
out a section of the track nearly 100 feet
In length.
Plunges Into the Torrent.
Into this the swiftly moving >train
plunged. The storm was still rasrinjr and
all the car windows were closed. The
passengers, secure as they thought, and
sheltered comfortably from the inclement
weather, went to death without an in
stant's warning.
The train, consisting of a baggage car,
second-class coach, first-claps coach and a
Pullman sleeper, -was knocked into kind
ling wood by the fall. The wreck caught
fire in a few minutes and all the coaches
were burned except the Pullman car.
Every person on the train except the
occupants of the Pullman car perished in
the disaster. There was no escape, as the
heavy Pullman car weighted down the
others, and the few alive in the sleeper
were unable to render assistance to their
fellow-passengers.
For a brief time there was silence. Then
the occupants of the Pullman car recov
ered from the bewilderment, and, after
hard work, managed to get out of their
car and found themselves on the track in
the pouring rain. The extent of the catas
trophe was quickly apparent. Flames
were already seen coming from that part
of the wreck not covered by the water.
As the wreck began to go to pieces under
the destructive work of both flames and
flood human bodies floated out from the
mass and were carried down stream by
the swift current.
ough went to the scene to render assist
ance, but little could be done by the res
cuers, as the fire kept them at a distance.
At daylight the bodies that had floated
from the gorge were gathered up. One
body was found a mile from the wreck,
and many were seen along its banks.
A wrecking train was started out from
Atlanta at midnight, but owing to the
burning wreckage nothing could be done
until morning. A special train at 6
o'clock this morning took doctors, minis
ters, railroad officiate and helpers to the
ijecne, but nothing could be done save to
gather up the bodies. As the dead were
found they were removed to McDonough.
There are two undertakers there. Both
establishments were soon full of the man
gled remains of the passengers. Some of
the bodies were terribly burned, while
others were crushed beyond recognition.
The only means of iiJentlflcatlon in the
majority of the cases were letters and pa
pers in the pockets of the victims.
The bodies were prepared for burial as
rapidly as possible. Some may be burled
at McDonoush. Others will be sent to
their homes as fast as their proper ad
dresses can be ascertained.
Only thr^e women were on the train.
Two escaoed. It is presumed that the
ether perished, but the body has not been
found.
Besides the regular crew of the train
several conductors and other employes
were en route to Atlanta to spend Sun
day. All were killed. Conductor W. A.
Barclay was In charge of the train. A
section boss with a gang of fight negroes
occupied scats in the secortd-class coach.
They were on their way to repair a wash
out on the Georgia Midland and Oulf
road. Not one escaped when the car went
down.
Of the injured about thirty are in a
serious condition and severai may not
recover.
Death Gave No Warning.
John L. Rohr. a traveling salesman of
Baltimore, one cf the rescued, said:
"I was in the Pullman with the others
who escaped with their lives, when the
wreck occurred. There was not an in
stant's warning. We heard suddenly an
indistinct crash and the next instant felt
our car pitch forward and drop. The for
ward enu of the car filled wuh water at
once and the lights went out. We heard
the roar of rushing waters. We got down
on all fours. f*>lt our way and crawled to
the top of the car and then out. The car
was hanging by its rear trucks to the
stone abutment of the culvert and swayed
to and fro by the motion of the»water. It
was pitch dark and the rain was coming
down in torrents. Not a single call for
help was heard. These in the forward
coaches must have met death instantly.
The wreckage was on tire when we
reached the ton of our car and lighted
the scene brightly,
"Looking down toward the middle of
our car I saw the head and shoulders of
a woman and soon heard her cry: "Save
us, we are alive'.' But- we could do noth
ing for her. Then came the struggle to
get to the track above. Great chunks of
earth loosened by the train came falling
down on us, and we were nearly buried
two or three times. Once Flynn, who
was one of our little party, got within
grasping distance of the top. Suddenly
he lost his hold and down he came. He
went into the river and was carried away
by the rush of waters. At daylight he
walked up to our party and told us he
had managed to catch a tree after swim
ming: a mile or more in the water."
Passengers and Trainmen Crushed to Death or
Cremated in the Wreck at the
MeDonough Washout. '
THIRTY-FIVE LIVES LOST IN GEORGIA RAILWAY DISASTER
WEDDING BELLS WILL
CHIME OUT AT NOON
Miss Gertrude Spellan, Song Composer,
to Wed Harold A. Vivian at
St. Luke's To-Day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, MONDAY, JUNE 25, 1900.
3
REV. T. P. HBVERIN.
Smiths'
Seven
/^Specials
Monday, rRiesday, Wednesday.
Bacon iib- 12jc
Best sugar- cured — Eastern"— i
I quality all 'right— quantity
J United. !
FigS 6 lbs. 25c I
Whltl evaporated — loose— j
clean— sound and sweet, ¦
• ; the lowest price of the
* season.
Bluing % IK boxes 2 for 15c •
Best ball — fine quality — '
domestic. Peg. ioc :
Tomatoes 10c
3 lb. tins — whole — peeled —
j ready for use— nice as j
1 fresh ones. Re£. i2> 2 'c. j
-Olive Oil qt. glass 65c |
j Imported— " Anton iniV'— j
high grade— pure goods. )
Reg. 85c i
.Sand Soap 8 for 25c j
Dirt eradicator— for kitchen
use — none better at any price.
Reg. 6 for 25c S
Chocolate 19c
; "Ghirardelli V Ea?!e
,* Cake. Best made — easily j
prepared— delicious for
j luncheon. Reg. 25c
People I
who are posted buy where they [
get the most good goods for
their money — that's why we
have one of the busiest stores In I
town. I
Our prices being right the
goods go on their merit.
Fireworks
cn*d flags for your outing trip as
well as for those who remain at
home. Boxes $1, $2, 5;, $10
and $r6.
25-27 H&HKCT ST.
FA IN LESS DENTISTRY
NO PLATES CZ&\
j^ REQUIRED Jpy
Our remcvmMe tridre 'work is beautiful and
durable. Warranted 10 year*.
W^^^B^T used by no other
PRICE LIST tor 20 Dayi: n _
raJalew Extraction...-. ..r^f.
P™ 'ooii'niftoc • *»;»"
¦Amaicatn «i iwi
Geld Ir4 P1*lln* »!•«*»
Mrs Dr* K- * L - "Walsh wUl attend to tH«
<WlW iSS a R ti £ ll WALSH.
«X5« GEARY BT.. between Hrde and L«rkln.
Offlc* Hour*— * a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sua<l*r»,
I to" 12, Telephone Polk 1U5. „
HpSOTECTION to the customer is I
1 * our constant aim. By pro- I
il tection we mean that the cus- i
I tomer is always sure of his m
I money's worth — in the clothes H
I or his money back. r j
M Now, in crder to protect him for months k&
If after his' purchase, we repair the clothes free ||
for one. year. Ours is the only place in San ||
| Francisco where you can buy custom-made E||
U clothes and return them if unsatisfactory and ||
| get your money back. The protection and jSk
I values given have built our tailoring department m
S up'to i's present standing — the largest on the
I Pacific Coast. |
H We make to order good, stylish, dressy S
| S ack suits and cutaways for $13. <jo from blue ||
1 serge and tweeds and cheviots in light and |
Si Plenty of samples can be secured merely for the g
Ifjj — ¦—¦¦ p< i^g
§3 Out-of-town orders filled for custom-made^ clothes; ~J
PI write for samples and self-measuring blank; fit and satisfac~
S 718 Market Street and Cor. Powell and Eddy. |j, And why did ' you leave your last
place? "Cook an' me had a fallln' out
mem * rSf? d £ n#t a , e ? wh^ >' ou "hould leave
for a little thlnjr like that." "But we fell
£V l °i t i 1 'T,J h , lrd^ 9t0 , ry window, m«n."-
Clcveland Plain-Dealer.
A Falling Out.
Arithmetically Correct.
Old Gentleman— And have you any
brothers. or sisters, my little man?"'
Bobby— Yes. sir. I've got one sister an'
one an a half brothers.
Old Gentleman— What!
Bobby—Yes, sir. Two half-sist*rs and
three half-brothers.— Philadelphia Press
THE VICE PRESIDENT.
THE first national convention held in this coun
try was really called to nominate a candidate for
Vice President to run with Jackson. The last
one was practically held for a like purpose. McKin
ley was renominated by consent, as Jackson was, and
no convention was needed for that purpose. The
Vice Presidency was the selection in controversy.
There was no politics in taking a Western man, for
say and sing it as often as may be. the President rep
sents the West and the nomination of either Fair
banks or Dolliver would have been resorting to the
same section for both candidates. It came to pass
that Mr. Irving M. Scott was mentioned for this
nomination, but without his procurement or consent.
The same sectional objection would have been against
him. The Republican party lias elected Lincoln and
Grant of Illinois, Hayes, Garfield and McKinley of
Ohio and Harrison of Indiana, all Western men. Its
Vice Presidential nominations have gone to Maine,
Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey, Indiana and
Tennessee. This constant selection of Western men
to head its ticke.ts has accounted in part for the loyal
adherence of the West to its principles and fortunes.
The convention was at no time under any- illusions
nor was it led by any emotional ideals. It adhered
to its policy. of c6mbining a Western and Eastern
man on the ticket, a policy which it has varied but
once, when it put Grant and Golfax -together -in. 1868.
This adherence. gave it no choice between first-class
men except Secretary Long and Governor Roosevelt.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW TORK, June 24. — Jacob Voorsan
ger of San Francisco is at the Plaza.
Iyjuis Gregory and wife of Los Angeles
are at the Empire.
THE DUTY OF REPUBLICANS.
DURING the whole of this week, down to Satur
day evening, the work of enrolling members
of Republican clubs in the various Assembly
districts of the city will be carried on. After the en
rollment is closed time will be given for a hearing
of any complaints that may be filed concerning the
enrollment and on July 9 the clubs are expected to or
ganize by the election of officers. The clubs will
presumably nominate delegates to be voted for at the
primary election, and as such tickets will have "ad
vantage in the contest, it is the desire of the County
Committee to give every Republican voter in San
Francisco an opportunity to enroll himself in his dis
trict club, take part in its organization and have a
voice in nominating i-ny ticket it may put forth.
What ha-s been done is fair for all and were it not
fair it is too late to complain now. It rests with the
better class of Republicans to determine whether
they will join these clubs and control them, orwhether
they* will leave ward bosses and railroad touts to
gather into them the loafers of the bar-rooms and so
obtain within the party a point of vantage from which
they can do much damage in spite of all that may be
c'one to prevent.
This is the season of the year when many business
men leave the city for the holidays. Those who go
will be inclined to forget to attend to this political
duty before going, and those who remain will, in many
cases, have something of extra work to do because
of the absence of the pleasure-seekers, and they also
may be forgetful. Such being the case there is con
siderable danger the business men and the intelligent
workingmen of the party will not be so fully repre
sented in the district clubs as they should be. To
guard against that danger there is heeded something
like a canvass of the party by its-more active mem
bers for the purpose of getting enrolled every Repub
lican who will stand for honest politics and genuine
Republicanism against the bosses and their gangs;
It will not be much trouble for every earnest Re
publican to remind his friends during the week of the
importance of joining the district club. A simple re
minder of the duty will ,in most cases be all that is
necessary to attain the purpose. Men neglect their
political responsibilities chiefly because in the routine
of life they forget them. It is for that reason the pro
fessional ward heelers so frequently triumph over
business men and workingmen in doing politics. The
bosses never- fof get, nor do they let their "push", for- 1
get. They will join the district-clubs in large num
bers, they will get fraudulent enrollments if. they, can,
and for the welfare of the" party the better class of •Re
publicans must stand guard with vigilance and b»
ready to act with ( energy.
R..E. Hyde, a Visalia banker. Is at the
Palace. •>
J. Q. Buxton, a mining man of Phoenix,
Ariz., is at the,Russ.
H. P. Perkins.' a mining man of Mexico,
is stopping at the Grand.
J.. N. Moore, a merchant of Salt Lake,
Is registered at the Palace.
State Prison Director R. T. Devlin of
Sacramento is registered at the Lick.
Dan Murphy, a well-known merchant of
Los Angeles, la registered at the Grand.
Thomas "W. Patterson,. president of the
Fresno National Bank, is a guest at the
Grand.
J. K. Fisher, a well-known butcher of
Santa Barbara, Is a guest at the Russ
House. -:i
I. F. Boulton and F. C. Wilford, two
English tourists from Hongkong, are
stopping at the Palace.
AV. G. Lee of Cleveland, Ohio, first vice
grand master of the Brotherhood of Rail
road Trainmen, Is at the Grand.
A. W. Lobb and James Fairclough. who
control big manufacturing interests in
Manchester, England, are stopping at the
Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
ENTER THE FARMER.
IT seems to be almost the rule in the United States
that when the manufacturer flourishes the farmer
languishes, and vice versa. Or, to be more
specific; when the great farm staples are low manu
factured poods are bringing good prices with an ac
tive demand, and the reverse. Whenever the two di
visions of industry flourish together business booms
ir.deed, but the combination is not frequent.
Last year wheat was quiet and low and manufac
turers enjoyed more prosperity than for years; now,
when the factories are quiet throughout the country,
wheat suddenly wakes up and surprises everybody by
nsing at a great rate.
These are the two leading features of business at
the moment. The manufacturer is taking a back seat
and the farmer is having his innings. The rise in
wheat is 25 cents per bushel since last November and
20 cents during the past fortnight. The disaster to
the crop in the great spring wheat belt, through
which the crop in the two Dakotas and Minnesota
will probably be cut down from 200,000,000 bushels
in 1899 to a scant 75,000,000 in 1900, is the direct cause
of the advance, though within the past few
d2ys conditions in Russia are becoming less favorable
and the showing in the Argentine is not as good as it
has been. Predictions of $1 wheat by midsummer are
coming in from Chicago and already the quotation is
making a shadowy appearance in the horizon of the
California farmer. In any event, the advance is com
ing early enough to enable the farmer to get the
benefit of it, whereas the last rise did not occur un
til along in the fall and early winter when the grain
had generally passed out of the farmer's hands into
those of the middleman.
Already produce is showing the effects of the im
provement in wheat rnd flour, millstufls and minor
cereals are advancing in sympathy. An adverse ef
fect is the probable falling off in railroad earnings,
owing to the reduction of the crop.
Genera! trade continues dull. Cotton has shown
more strength of late, owing to crop damage, and
trade in summer dry goods has been helped by warm
weather, but wool and woolen goods are dull, and
hides, leather, boots and shoes are reported in an un
satisfactory condition almost everywhere. Lumber
is accumulating at some points and the general feel
ing is weaker. Iron and steel continue to decline,
mills are shutting down and furnaces going out of
blast and it is evident that this great industry has seen
its best days for some little time to come.
The financial condition of the country continues
sound. During the past few weeks New York has
accommodated Paris and Berlin with about $10,000.
000 in actual gold without any effect whatever on
rate's of interest or the general condition of the mar
ket. The failures during the past week were 167,
against 199 for the' same week last year. This is a
change from the recent tendency in these failures,
•which for some weeks had been showing an increase
over 1899. The bank clearings of the country last
week fell behind those of 1899 by 7.4 per cent, which
is not a jcrious decrease.
Conditions in California continue flattering. The
outlook here is better than in most of the Eastern
States. We are reaping ihe benefits of the advance
in wheat and the minor cereals and of the remark
able demand for our fruit, which is enabling us to
dispo^- of a very abundant crop at much better fig
ures than we expected a few weeks ago. Indeed, the
demand for fruit this year breaks the, record. In
spite of the heaviness of the crop it is actually scarce
here and there and the canners arc finding it neces
sary to advance their prices from time to time to ob
tain supplies. The shipments of deciduous fruit east
ward thus far this year amount to 725 cars, against 685
durin? the same time in 1800. and the record of citrus
Unit shipments up to the 19th inst was 16,232 cars.
? Inch is said to be in excess of all previous years. In
r.ddition the northern demand for California fruit has
increased surprisingly this year.
The Goliath, British battleship, left the
Nore on May 30 for China to relieve the
Victorious on that station. .
The unusual sight was recently wit
nessed on the streets of London of a sand
wich man who conspicuously called public
attention to extracts from Lord Beres
ford's speech condemning the British
navy. This somewhat sensational and un
dignified proceeding was engineered by the
Navy League.
A Dutch torpedo boat named, the Hydra,
built by Yarrow at Chiswick, made her
contract trial of three I ours on May 23
arjd developed a speed of 24.3 knots, ex
ceeding the contract by 1.3 knots. The
Hydra is 130 feet In length, 13.6. feet
breadth and six feet draught. She Is a
single screw boat.
The following Russian vessels en route
for China were reported on May 31 at
places indicated. Battleship Admiral
Nachimoff. S524 tons, at Speila: battle
ship Alexander II, 9927 tons, together with
torpedo boats 119 and 120, were at Corfu;
Zaporoyetz, gun vessel of 1224 tons, was at
Suda Bay. and the Khraby, armored gun
boat of 1432 tons, was at Toulon.
Public .'attention Is being directed in
Kngland • to the apparent fact that the
Admiralty Is practically boycotting the
noted firm at Elswick. And yet the Arm
strong' company has built better ships for
foreign powers than the British Admiralty
has furnished for the home navy. The
modern ship-of-war originated In the
Armstrong yard, and it is therefore Just
possible that professional jealousy Is a
factor in the boycott.
The new British crufser Argonaut, 11,000
tons and twenty and three-fourths knots
speed, has been listed for some time as
being attached to the China squadron, but
she was still at the Portsmouth dockyard
two weeks ago owing to her inability to
pass the commission trials. The last trou
ble was "hot bearings." .ne trials include
twenty-four houra under 9000 horsepower,
three hours under full power and twenty
four hours under 3600, or one-fifth power.
The Italian firm of Orlando Bros, at
Leghorn has made good progress In ma
rine engineering. The cruiser Puglla, for
which they built the engines, developed
1000 horsepower more than the contract
called for. Under a six hours' natural
draught trial the horsepower averaged
4300, giving a speed of 17.6 knots, and un
der one and one-half hours' forced
draught the horsepower was 7500 with 19*4
knots speed.
The engineer corps In the French navy
is agitating for increased numbers, better
pay and improved status. Its position Is
rather an anomalous one: Its members
rise In rank by about a dozen successive
grades from the lowest to that of the high
est, and may become chief inspectors of
machinery. There are no warrant officers
in the French navy, arid until the en
gineer on board ship reaches the three
higher grades he ranks only with petty
officers.
Navy building is very active at St. Pe
tersburg, there being three battleships and
one -cruiser in various stages of progress
on the stocks. Of the battleships the
Borodino, 13.566 tons and eighteen knots,
was begun May 26 of last year; Alexander
III,, of 13,516 tons and eighteen knots, had
her keel laid September 5, 1S99, and the
Pobieda, 12,674 tons and eighteen knots,
was started August 1, 1S9S. The cruiser
Aurora, C63* tons and twenty knots, has
been on the stocks since October 31, 1SD6.
By a decree of May IS last the Queen of
Spain has ordered a number of naval ves
sels to be struck off the list, to be sold or
used as coal hulks, ficatlng ammunition
depots or as material for submarine de
fense, by which latter terra sinking is
probably meant. Among the vessels con
demned are the cruisers Alfonso XII and
Alfonso XIII, eight torpedo gunboats,
seven gunboats and four torpedo boats.
Five coast defense vessel's dating from the
early '€0's are also condemned, and the
armorclads— so-called— Numancia and VI
toria are likewise slated for permanent re
tirement, whose boilers and machinery re
quire extensive repairs. The majority of.
the condemned vessels are old, but three
of the torpedo gunboats are only nine
years old and were rated at nineteen
knots. Alfonso XIII, a cruiser of 5000 tons,
was also built in 1S91 and had a speed'
when new of twenty knots. The Temera
rlo, which was to intercept the Oregon on
her voyage East, is likewise condemned,
although only eleven years old and had a
rating of twenty and a half knots speed.
The removal of comparatively modern
vessels indicates that they had been badly
cared for and became useless. This leaves
Spain with the merest nucleus of a navy,
and It has taken that country three hun
dred years to realize the folly of building
ships to be or destroyed by other
naval powers.
NEWS OF THE NAVIES.
INDORSEMENTS
TO BLUSH FOR
A Jacksonian Democrat Points
Out an Instance of Poor
Party Policy.
Editor Call: I note your challenge to
Democrats on the Indorsement of Hearst
and the Examiner by the late convention
at Sacramento. For myself, as a life-long
Democrat, I regard both indorsements as
beneath the dignity of a great party, and
something to blush for. If the Examiner
had even been of substantial assistance
to tne party, which is not the case, to
pick it out for such a compliment is un
just in the extreme to the faithful Demo
cratic nress of this State. Distinctions of
that kind are invidious In the extreme and
are poor party policy.
As for Mr. Hearst himself, his "Xail
the-flag" cry and Indorsement of govern
ment of "dependencies" without constitu
tional limitations made the compliment to
him a distinct Indecency, which gains no
respectability by being suspected of
a leg-pulling motive, which will make
the young man pay for having his vanity
tickled.
If our leaders In this State can rise no
higher than this small business it Is no
wonder that we have such in luck.
A JACKSON DEMOCRAT.
San Francisco, June 23. 1900.
A CENTURY OF
CONVENTIONS
Where and How Presidential
Candidates Rave Received
Nominations.
1788.
N*o nominations.
17O2.
No nominations.
1706.
No nominations.
1SOO.
N'o nominations.
ISO*.
Democratic (republican) Congressional cmcus,
Washington. February 23.
1SOS.
Democratic Congressional can— i». Wu—W*
ton, January 23.
IS 12.
Democratic Congressional caaena. Washing
ton. May ll.
Federalist conference. New Tork, 8epUmber.
1816,
Democratic Congressional caucus. Washing
ton. _arch 14. _r
182O.
No nominations.
1S24.
dominations by Congressional caucus. StaM
Legislatures and local mass meetings.
i » 1S2S. ': ~ i
Nominations by Legislature* and mw meet
tng "- 1932.
Ant!-Masonlc national convention, Baltimore.
September (1S31). _;
National Republican (or Whig) convention.
Baltimore. December 12 (1S21).
National Democratic Convention. Baltimore.
1S3G.
Democratic Baltimore. May 23 (1S35).
Other nominations by Legislature* and mass
meeting
Whir. Harrlsburi'. December 4 (1333).
Liberty. Warsaw (N. Y.) December (1333).
Democratic. Baltimore, May &.
1844.
: Liberty, Buffalo. August (ISO-
Whig. Baltimore. May 1.
Democratic. Baltimore. May XI.
184S.
Native American. Philadelphia, Beptemnet
(1M7).
Liberty, November (1347).
Democratic. Baltimore. May 22.
Whig. Philadelphia. June 7.
Free Soil. Buffalo, August 9.
1882.
Democratic. Baltimore. Jun« L
Whig. Baltimore. June 14.
Free Soil. Plttsbure. August 11.
1850.
Native American. Philadelphia, February _.
Democratic, Cincinnati. June 3.
Republican, Philadelphia, June 1?.
¦Whiff. Baltimore, September 17.
1SGO.
Democratic, Charleston. April 23: Baltimore.
June 13; Richmond. June 21; Baltimore. Jun*
" Constitution*! Union. Baltimore. May 9.
Republican. Chicago. May IS.
Radical Republican. Cleveland. May S—
Republican. Baltimore, June 7.
Democratic, Chicago. August 29.
18OS.
Republican. Chlcajrv. May 20.
Democratic, New York. July 4.
1S72.
Labor Reform. Columbu*. February-
Prohibition, ' Columbus, February 23.
Liberal Republican, Cincinnati, May L
Republican. Philadelphia. June S.
Democratic. Baltimore, July >.
Straight Democratic. Louisville. September I.
1S7C
Prohibition. Cleveland. May 17.
Greenback. Indianapolis, May IS.
Republican. Cincinnati. June 14.
Democratic. St. Louis. June 23.
1SSO.
Republican. ChTcago, June I.
Greenback. Chicago. June 9.
Prohibition. Cleveland, Jun» IT.
Democratic, Cincinnati, June _>
18S4.
Anti-Monopoly. Chicago, May 1*.
Greenback. Indianapolis. May 23.
Republican. Chlcaeo, June 2.
American Prohibition, Chicago, Jon* II.
Democratic. Chicago. July 8.
Prohibition, Pittsburg. Jury 23.
18SS.
Union Labor. Cincinnati, May 15.
United Labor. Cincinnati. May 15.
Prohibition. Indianapolis. May 20.
Democratic. St. Louis June 5.
Republican. Chicago. June 19.
1802.
Republican. Minneapolis. Jun« 7.
Democratic, Chicago. June 21.
Prohibition. Cincinnati, June 23.
People's. Omaha, July 2.
Socialist Labor. New Tork. August IS.
180(1.
Prohibition. Plttsburr. May 27.
Republican, St. Louts. June 18.
Social let L&b.>r. New Tork, July 4.
Democratic. Chicago, July 7.
People's. St. Louis. July 23.
National Silver. St. Louis. July 22.
Gold Democrats. Indlanapotla, September 2.
lOOO.
Social Democratic (Social Labor). Indianap
olis. March 3.
People's (Middle-of-the-Road Populist). Cla
clnnatl. May 10.
Populist (National). Sioux Falls, May 10.
Republican. Philadelphia, June 21.
Prohibition, to be held. Chicago. June 17.
Democratic, to be held. Kamaa City, July 4.
The World.
When the Dawn comes up like Thunder
Out 'er China, 'crost the bay. — Kipling.
BY good fortune the organization of a new Grand
Jury is coincident with the emergency th'at calls
for the cleaning of Chinatown. By the disas
trous attempts at quarantine public attention has been
directed to the unsanitary condition of that quarter
of the city and public sentiment is unanimous in favor
of reform. It is therefore fortunate that at the very
time when, the people are aroused and in earnest on
the issue we have in the Grand Jury the new broom
needed to make a clean sweep.
This Grand Jury has an opportunity to prove the
usefulness of the institution. It has been the custom
for grand juries to make examinations of the various
departments of the county and city administration, to'
pass judgment either of approval or of condemnation as
to the manner in which official business is carried on,
to make complaints of this or that, to make recommen
dations more or less wise, and then to wind up with a
plea of excuse because little or nothing was accom
plished in the way of real reform. Of the present
Grand Jury we expect better things. At any rate it
has an opportunity to do something on a large scale
and to have abundant support- from the people in do
ing it. That opportunity arises from the fact that the
unsanitary condition of Chinatown is due to the per
sistent and flagrant violation of city health laws.
There is much work for the Grand Jury to do, but
this portion of the work should be taken up at once
and given precedence over everything that might con
flict with it or lead to its postponement. Let the jury
as a body, or by a strong committee, enter upon a
thorough investigation of Chinatown, not to look for
tinhorn gambling places, cheap bawdy houses or
other slum vices, but to deal with the quarter compre
hensively and determine how far the health ordi
nances of the city are obeyed there and how far thej"
are violated.
In making the investigation there should be a close
house to house inspection. Every building in the dis
trict should be scrutinized, every passage in it ex
plored, whether above ground or below ground, and
every room opening off the passages examined and
the number of persons occupying it determined;
When that investigation has been made it will then be
the duty of the jury or of its committee to see how far
the facts thus obtained conform to the laws of the
city. Wherever a violation of the law is noted a com
plaint should be filed against the offending party.
One thing is to be borne in mind. Little or no
benefit can be derived from an investigation of China
town unless it be made with thoroughness, firmness,
impartiality and strict honesty. It will do no good to
have a. dozen or more wretched Chinamen arrested
for keeping unclean premises, but it will do a world
of good if every property-owner whose buildings are
unsanitary be compelled to obey the law and put them
iti proper condition.
. Some of the richest men in San Francisco are own
ers of property in Chinatown and some of the build
ings belonging to the richest owners are about the
foulest. These men who have profited in the past by
violating the health regulations will protest and will
fight against any effort at reform. It is the duty of
the Grand Jury to face that fight and not shrink from
it, even should the Health Board back up the prop
erty-owners. The Kinyoun quarantine has given San
Francisco the last disastrous lesson the people are
willing to have from Chinatown. There is now a de
mand for reform. Will the Grand Jury undertake the
j w.ork? Will the new broom sweep clean?
A GRAND JURY OPPORTUNITY.
MONDAY.... ........ JUNE 25, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address AH Com munica* ions to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
flAKACCR'S OFFICE. ...... .Telephone Pre»» 2O4
TLBMCATION OFFICE. .Mnrfcet and Third. S. F.
Telephone Pre»* 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.... 317 to 221 Ste're»«o_ St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered tor C«rrier«. 15 O_t» Per Weelc
Sfnarle Copies. S Ont».
Term* by Mall, Includlma; Po>tas;et :
f>An/T CALL. OncIwSln* Sunday), one y»ar W •<*
DAJLT CALL. (Including Sunday). « month*.; J~
J5AILT CALL, (including Sunday). * months — .. i-M
PA1VT CALL—- By Elntfe Month «*»
FUNDAT CALL On* Year *•*•
WEEKLY CALL One Year LW
All poitmajter* are ¦•thortied to recelre
¦ nbacrlptlona.
Eample ccpiet will l« forwarded when requested.
Mall subscriber* In ©rderlnr change of address should be
particular to fflre both XEW AXI> OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their requeet-
O AI___\D OFPICB 1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGNES3.
Mtrt^er Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building. Chicago.
(_csx Distance Telephone "Central Mil.")
JCEW TOEK CORXESFOXDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
JJEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN a SMITH _ 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEW? 8TAND8:
Ektrmaa House; P. O. News Co.; Ore** Northern Hotel:
fremest Ucoae; Auditorium Hotel.
X_W YORK KKW8 STANDS:
Waldorf -Artorla Hotel; A. Breatano, ll Ualoa Square:
Murray Hill HoteL ______
WASHINGTON ID. C.I OFFICE .....Wellington Hotel
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRA \rH OFFICER -H7 Montscra err. corner of Clar. open
until J:SO o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until I:SO o'clock. CM
McAllister, open until »:30 o'clock. €15 Larkln. open until
• :30 o'clock. ]M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2161 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until > o'clock. 10W Valencia, open
until J o'clock. 10« Eleventh, cpen until » o'clock. NW cor
ner Twenty -aecend and Kentucky, open until t o'clock.
DOMESTIC IMPERIALISM.
AS we have said, the Republican platform is con
servatism itself as to the status of Porto Rico
and the Philippines. There is no acceptance
of either as an integral part of this Union. They are
not incorporated into the Union of the United States,
as Louisiana was. Nor are their people absorbed
into our body politic and become a part of our fellow
citizenship. No constitutional guarantee extends to
them, nor are they felt as part of our political bone
and flesh, only to be separated by political surgery.
When the people have undeceived themselves as to
the value of tropical possessions they can do as they
choose with these evils which have fallen to us by the
fortunes of war.
In this there is no imperialism. There is merely
that pause which nations take in a novel and un
expected situation, while the sober second thought is
catching up with events which have got ahead of it.
In the midst of this pause the. voice of Bryan
breaks the silence in a denunciation of imperialism.
The State platform of his party in California "de
nounces imperialism infill of its forms," but did the
convention mean it? . •
Imperialism is either a denial to a people of liberty
they have not had but desire to have, or the denial to
them of liberty that has been guaranteed to them in
the solemn promises of a political state and which
The first and second empires of France were ex
amples of the second form. We have that same form
in this country, now in operation and indorsed by the
Bryan Democracy. The constitution gives the ballot
to the negro. In the solid South, upon whqse unani
mous electoral vote Colonel Bryan relies for the
achievement of his ambition, this constitutional right
is taken away from the negro, not because he is a
negro but because he votes the Republican ticket.
This was at first done by violence and murder, but
now it is done by law. This is not a statement based
on hearsay evidence, nor is it a campaign charge
made to affect the passion of voters. It is the open
afowal of Southern Senators in the Senate of the
United States. Tillman of South Carolina, member
of Bryan's national committee and expectant Secre
tary of the Navy if Bryan is elected, in a speech to
the Senate said of these negro Republican voters:
"We took the government away from them. We shot
them. We used tissue ballots and frauds. At length,
growing tired of these things, we amended the State
constitutions and eliminated the negro vote."
Here is the boast, made in the Serate, that Mr.
Bryan's party in thirteen States of the Union forbids
the exercise of a right especially bestowed by the
constitution. To do this they have used everything
from a shotgun to a statute. Murder was the instru
ment favored in all those States until, as Senator Till
man admits, they grew tired of murder and accom
plished the same end by State law. The right which
the constitution gives and they take away is the right
to vote, described as the right preservative of all
rights. Without it there can be no consent of the
governed. Colonel Bryan's party has deprived, by
murder, fraud and law, ten millions of people of the
right to consent or dissent to the Government under
which they live. They are not denied a right for which
they hoped, but one which, they had. If government
without consent of the governed be imperialism, this
is the domestic article. What will Colonel Bryan's
party do about it? Do they expect the country to
pay any attention to their denunciation of the Repub
lican party for ignoring consent of the governed in
Luzon while they deny it in Louisiana? Why is such
denial worse in Negros than in North Carolina? In
Senator White's eloquent and excellent speech to the
late Democratic convention he dedicated his life to
the principle of freedom of which the essence is the
consent of the governed. The sentiment is noble and
does the eminent gentleman credit. But will he be
consistent and advocate the same consent of the gov
erned for the negritos of Panay and the negroes of
Alabama? The platform which he wrote and re
ported says that this Government cannot endure half
republic and half empire. Let us make a further para
phrase of Mr. Lincoln's declaration, and ask if it can
endure with the ballot, guaranteed by the constitu
tion, denied in one-half the Union by murder, fraud
and law?
North of Mason and Dixon's line every man lives
under government by consent. South of it consent is
denied to ten millions of people because they do not
vote the Bryan ticket. The constitution requires
that the representation of any State in the House of
Representatives and the Electoral College shall be
reduced in proportion to the number of its people
who are denied the right to consent to the govern
ment by being deprived of the right to vote. The peo
ple of the Northern States, where government by
consent prevails, where no one is denied the ballot,
are defrauded by the Southern representation in the
House and the Electoral College, based upon the
enumeration of ten millions of people who are forbid
den their constitutional right to vote. The fraud of
this form of domestic imperialism is a double crime
and each offense is against the Federal constitution.
It is not without interest to reflect that if Colonel
Bryan is elected denouncing external imperialism it
will be by this domestic imperialism which deprives
ten millions of people of the right of consent to their
government! If he is elected it will be by electoral
votes based on. the enumeration of ten millions of
people deprived of self-government by his , party.
These things may not be pleasant. The truth is often
offensive. But that they are true no partisan of
Colonel Bryan dare deny.
The influence of New York in the convention and her
great vote in the Electoral College determined the
final choice.
Roosevelt has had a somewhat picturesque and al
ways interesting career. His public life began in the
New York Legislature and he has served as Civil Ser
vice Commissioner, Police Commissioner in New
York, Assistant Secretary of the j Navy, lieutenant
colonel of a regiment of Rough Riders in the Spanish
war and Governor of New York. He has a good deal
of independence, is a poor programmer and, when he
chooses, takes the bit in his teeth and goes his own
gait.
When he presides over the Senate that highly con
ventional body will likely be shocked by his uncon
ventional ity, but the country will like his heartiness
and robustness and will tolerate him good-naturedly,
even when he is wrong.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 25, 1900.
We have some lively mashers in this country, but
the Austrian gentleman who is now answering be
fore a tribunal in Gratz.as defendant in 120 breach of
promise cases seems entitled to the championship.
The costume represented is of beige co
vert coat cloth, the skirt shaped with a
flat pleat behind. The short jacket is
half loose in. the. back. and hangs straight
in front. The chemisette Is of tennis flan
nel. The costume Is suited for all out
door sports.
Girl's Tennis Costume.
He Was Alone.
Benevolent Lady— You say you' have a
wife and six children. "Where are they?"
Beggar— I'm all alone; -My boys are at
Harvard, my jrlrls aro at Vassar and my
wi'e Is In Paris visiting the exposition.—
Judce. . :
4
AUCTION SALES.
By E. Vfatkins — Monday. June 25. at 11 o'clock- Horses, at
Temh and Bryant ctreets.
A_CUSE_CENTS.
Orcheum-Vaudevine.
Grand Opera -housw — Benefit for tvidow and orphan! of
James E. Sweeney. Friday afternoon. June 29.
Columbia— -Miss Hobbs."
California— "A Milk White Fla£."
Tivoil— "The Geisha."
Alcazar — " 'jSajiho. ' '
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Tneater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fipcher's — "The Huiruenots."
fcutro B&ths — Open nirhts.
"Dogs are not admitted." "That's not
mydoR." replied the visitor. "But h» fol-
lows you." "80 do you." replied the old
gentleman sharply. The attendant
growled and removed the dcg with en-
tirely unnecessary violence.— Ttd-Blts.
As a man entered a picture gallery the
attendant tapped him on the shoulder and
pointing to a small cur that followed him,
said:
Tit for Tat.
C&l. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Tow naend's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by thi
Press CUpplng Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mono,
gomery street. Telephone Main WO. • 1For Table Use
BUDWEISER. . "the king of Bottled Beers,"
the perfect product of the Anheuser-Busch
Brewing Ass'n. is preferred by all who appre
ciate purity, perfection and delicious flavor.
E. G. Lyons Co.; "Wholesale Dealers, San. Fran
cisco, Cal. .
The Rev. B.'Fay Mills delivered a lec
ture last night at Metropolitan Temple on
••A Deilnition of a New Religion." The
lecture was given under the auspices of
the Ethical Institute and a large audi
ence was entertained in an intellectual
way.
"We have changing definitions," said
Mr. Mills, "of every human Interest, vet
we believe it possible to so, characterize
religion that our definition will be appro
priate to all former, present and future
definitions-. Religion is that fine sense of
the soul that connects the Individual with
universal purpose.. Every religion experi
ences an enlargement of purpose and the
broader., the conception the more complete
Is the religious expression. If a man real
izes the existence of universal purpose
and surrenders himself to its -fulfillment
the surrender and his victory will be iden
tical. This is the essence of what is
taught' by the great souls of the race. If
we allow the realization of universal pur
pose to "grow within us we shall be able
to attain the sweetness of perfect peace,
which will fill our souls with a fearless
love and make life, death and the vast
forever one grand song."
Before the lecture an organ solo was
played by A. O. Eckman. Mrs. Alice Eck
rnah-Cramer san_ "Show , Me Thy -Ways,
My Lord,", and Mrs. L. H. Stevens ren
dered "Glory to Thee, My God,. This
Night."
Next Sunday night C. O. Welnstock will
lecture on "What Jew and Gentile Owe
to Each Other." On Sunday, August 5,
Mr. Mills will ¦ begin a three months'
course of lectures.
NEW DEFINITION OF
RELIGION EXPOUNDED
Pastor of the First Baptist Church
Enlightens His Congregation
Anant Them.
In a prelude to his regular Sunday even
ing sermon Hev. E. A. Woods, pastor of
the First Baptist Church, last night
preached on •The Chinese Boxers." In
part he said:
The "Boxers" is an organization among the
Chinese, the object of which Is the expulsion
of all foreisners and the auppressicn of for
eign influence. The purpose of the members
is not religious, but political. All foreigners,
whether missionaries or tradesmen or traveler*,
are objects of hatred to them and are called
•"foreign devils." The native Christians have
been great sufferers, not merely because they
were Christians, but because of their connec
tion with forelsnern or foreign influences. The
"Boxers," or "Big Sword Society," is a secret
order. It has lodges, signs and passwords,
holds secret meetings and has solemn oaths,
which are pledged by drinking water mixed
with blood' drawn from their own veins. Such
secret political societies have existed among
the Chinese for centuries.
The "Boxer" movement is of great import
ance at this time because it seems to have the
approval of the Empress Dowager. The young
Emperor of China is supposed to be somewhat
in sympathy with progress and reform, and
there are millions of younger and better edu
cated Chinese who are his followers. There
are these two opposing parties in China. The
itrenger headed by the Empress Dowager, the
weaker led by the supplanted Emperor. The
"Boxers" are In league with the stronger party
and are opposed to all reforms. The "Boxer"
movement has now developed into a war with
Europe and the United States, as allies agaln3t
the anti-reform tarty In China. No one of
these nations will consent to remain inactive
while her citizen*, residents of China, are be
ing butchered without cause and contrary to
treaty r,ghts. Their lives must be protected
at all hazards and to accomplish this troops
have been landed on Chinese soil and hostili
ties have actually begun. The Issue Ie not
doubtful. Whether the results shall be the
restoration of the Emperor and national re
form or the actual dismemberment of China
and her control by the alllc-d powers, time alone
can reveal. Ir Is an inexorable law that the
nation which arrays itself against human pro
gress shall be overridden. To this law China
will not lorr remain an exception.
CHINESE BOXERS WERE
DISCUSSED BY DR. WOODS
Rev. William Rader, pastor of the
Third Congregational Church, occupied
his pulpit last night after an absence of
several months.* A large audience greet
ed him and listened to his description of
his travels and his views on the cus
toms and people of the Old World. His
subject • was "Signs of the Times as
Seen In the Old World." In part he said:
Is the world growing better? Yes and no.
It dcx>« not grow better as a shot flies but an
a ship «ails. Neither is the advance uniform,
but in spots. The following are some signs
of the times:
1. The world is full of contrasted progress and
poverty. Everywhere is wealth and every
where rags. In Europe are the very rich and
the very poor. The military tax. like a great
sandbag, holds down the balloon of the people's
life. It can not rise.
2. The top of society is more wicked than the
bottom, 'lhe dangerous point of Vesuvius is
the top. not the bottom. Monte Carlo is worse
than 'Whltechapel. The church must send mis
sionaries to the higher circles. Poverty must
not be considered synonymous with vice. Li
centiousness political corruption, intemperance
in high places— these are the signs of the hour,
which test European civilization'to the utmost.
The *ecd s of sin are in luxury rather than in
poverty.
3 War The European nations want war.
Hence the navies gather around the gates of
China. Lord Salisbury says England has no
friend and calls upon every Englishman to
look after his rifle. France is bitter asralnst
England. America Is England's best iriend.
The heart of England is sound and true. The
higher America must recognize it. I am not a
prorhet but I can see a world war Involving
the nations of the earth. The Anglo-Saxon is
to Inherit tbe earth. It may be manifest Ues
tiny or the spirit of conquest. It may be by
force of arms or providence. I know not. But
such seems to be the future ot the race. Ar
mies are gathering at strategic points and the
worla is to be filled with the thunder of war.
iireat events are ahead.
4 There is no great mind in Europe. No
master spirit in America. No poet sings the
song of the higher civilization. Europe wants
Etatesmanshlp more than gun?. There Is more
material for generals on the field than for
tta.tesmen In the war office.
On the other hand there are signs of encour
agement and cheer. The English church Is alive
and the English home the nation's safeguard
and defense. Great, strong preachers aie de
livering the gospel truths with more fervor
than ever before. The Pope of Rome stands a
tower of strength against the tides of sin. I
stood In the Colliseum of Rome where Chris
tians were put to death and with the convic
tions that men were no more loyal then than
now. There are still utronfr. true people in the
?world. People who have In them the stuff of
martyrs. We must not think the world all
good or all bad. The same position is midway
between the two extremes.
I found a vital spiritual life in London and
Edinburgh. There is a controversy waging be
tween the established and the Independent
churches. Joseph Parker has preached to bus
iness men in the City Temple for thirty-one
years every Thursday at noon. . That Is a sign
of the times! Thirty-five thousand Catholic
pilgrims visited the shrine of. St. Peter's. Itome.
on Easter. That was a sign of the times. In
the English Parliament I heard an Impassioned
plea for the rule of the people. That Is a
t'.sn of the times. The rise of the common
man must be reckoned in with the solution of
the world problem. The Peel temperance meas
ure and the enthusiasm In reform in England
la another straw showing the direction- of tha
wind.
"What sort of «. religious revival do- we need?
A revival of national conscience. Justice— hoa-
Sees a World War Coming and De
clares That the Anglo-Saxons
Will Eventually In
herit the Earth.
He Says the Pope Stands as
a Tower of Strength
Against Sin' •
SIGNS OF THE
TIMES AS SEEN
BY DR. RADER
esty; a revival of the teaching of Jesus Christ.
America hag a place to fill in the devplopments
of the future. She is the world's creat
country. Under our fl&sr m;n seek homes.
Never before was there such a demand upon
the patriotism of the p«»ople. America Is now
a world power. Great are the possibilities.
Brave the perils. The next campaign must not
be an idle, pastime. Helijrion must not be di
vorced from life. Beth chun-h and state rauat
be watchful of the sins, which like worms, are
concealed In the apple of our llf*.
Sick Chinese Tries to Commit Suicide
at the Mail Dock — The Troop
Safe at Port Town
send.
Officers of the United States transport
service are hourly expecting orders from
Washington to dispatch troops and horses
for Chinese waters. The Grant can be
made, ready for sea !n a very short time.
Recent orders received concerning her
seem to Indicate that her destination will
be Hongkong instead of Manila, and that
she will take the Eighth Cavalry direct to
the scene of the trouble. The cavalry will
arrive this evening in four Fpecial trains.
Infantry is also being rushed in this di
rection, and transports are ready to take
them when the orders come.
The horse transports Conemaugh and
Leelanaw are rtady for sea. They were
to have taken the horses of the Eighth
Cavalry to Manila, but will probably go
to Hongkong instead. The horse transport
Victoria is in the harbor, and although
she has been discharged from the service
it Is understood that she will be rechar
teredln order that horses may be rushed
to the front. Great developments are ex
pected within the next few days.
; .Chinaman Attempts Suicide.
Yee Tong Luck, a Chinese emigrant con
fined at the "Hotel Mongolia" at the Pa
cific Mail dock, threw himself into the bay
yesterday and would have been drowned
but for tne quick work of Watchman
Minook, who secured a boat and effected
the rescue of the would-be suicide. There
can be no doubt of the intentions of the
Chinese, for he awaited his opportunity
to slip past the guard, ran headlong down
the steps to the wharf and then sprang
into the water, making no effort to save
himself. After the rescue he was taken to
the Harbor Hospital, where Dr. Maguire
spent several hours in resuscitating him.
Later in the day he was returned to the
Mail dock under a guard of customs of
ficers.
Overdue Snip Reported Safe.
The Merchants' Exchange has received
a dispatch from Port Townsend announc
ing the safe arrival of the British ship
Troop., which had been posted as overdue
and on which 5 per cent reinsurance had
been paid. The Troop was out fifty-two
days from Shanghai, which is rather a
long passage, but not long enough under
most conditions to cause any anxiety.
The American ship John Currier, over
which some anxiety was felt, has arrived
safely at Port Townsend, sixty days from
Hongkong.
• Miscellaneous Notes.
' Lieutenant D. M. Shaw of San Diego, as
sistant navigator in -the. Naval Reserve
battalion, was a visitor aboard the Marlon
yesterday. While there he received news
that a new baby boy had arrived at his
home. J , ' ¦ ¦ 2.
The steamer Santa Rosa arrived from
the south yesterday morning with 224 pas
sengers. ¦ - ¦
Large Transports Ready to
Carry Troops and Horses
to China.
NEWS FROM THE
OGEAH AND THE
WATER FROST
0-~ NE of Sonoma County's beautiful
women, Mrs. Jennie 1_ Spridgeon,
was married Saturday, the fortun
ate groom being Frank D. Donohue.
well known In San Francisco. Oakland
and Santa Rosa, which latter city he now
calls his home, though he has business
connections that compel him to spend
much of his time In this city and In Oak
land.
The bride is a daughter cf Tennessee
Bishop, one of Sonoma County's best
known residents, he having been prom
inent in politics there, and served two
terms as Sheriff of the county. The lady
Is one of five highly accomplished sisters,
all noted for their beauty, and who have
always occupied a high place in the so
ciety of Santa Rosa. The lady who is
now Mrs. Donohue is one of the most
charming and handsome of the five.
Mr. Donohue is engaged in the art stone
and marble busings and Is quite well
known lit art circles, he being himself a
sculptor. He was formerly engaged in
business in San Francisco exclusively. He
and his bride, after their honeymoon trip,
will reside in Sa.nta Rosa.
Aside from the prominence given it by
the wide acquaintance they enjoy the
marriage of this coupie is made notable
by th»* fact that they were united in
Reno. Nevada. Mr. Donohue having been
divorced very recently. They journeyed
to Reno and had the marriage ceremony
performed there, having all the time full
knowledge of Judge Belcher's recent de
cision to the effect that the marriage of
any person divorced In California, per
formed within one year after that divorce,
no matter where the ceremony might take
place, was illegal within the borders of
California.
This is the first couple that has chosen,
to flout Judge Belcher's decision and the
two feel perfectly satisfied that they are
legally united, and that the decision of the
Supreme Court will substantiate them.
"The marital step of Mr. Donohue and
the lady who is now nis wife was taken
only after receiving what they felt to be
the best legal advice obtainable in San
Francisco." said a friend of Mr. Dono
hue in this city last evening. "This ad
vice, obtainf'l from some of San Fran
cisco's most eminent lawyers, was to the
effect that Judge Belcher's decision was
not good law and that it would be re
versed by the Supreme Court. The many
friends of the couple have loaded them
with congratulations and all is as it
should be."
Mr. and Mrs. Donohue will doubtless re
ceive numerous congratulatory messages
from the hundreds of lovers who made
the hymeneal pilgrimage to Reno and then
had the peaceful tenor of their marital
lives rudely Jarred by Judge Belcher's
disjoining opinion. The army of Reno
brides and groom? will perhaps be filled
with admiration of the brave couple who
would not let the unpopular decision de
prive them of what they believed to be
their right to be united in the holy bonds
of wedlock.
MR. AND MRS. FRANK D. DONOHUE, WHO BRAYED BELCHER DECISION.
The National Committee.
Candidates for President and Vice Presi
dent are dominated by national conven
tions of the several parties.
The national committee of a political
party consists of one member from each*
State and Territory. It organizes by
choosing from its own number a chair
man, secretary, treasurer and executive
commitee, and its principal business Is the
management of the Presidential campaign.
In that comprehensive statement is in
cluded a vast and varied array of duties.
To the national committee belongs, be
sides a general oversight of the national
interests of the party, the raising of im
mense sums of money to be used in the
campaign and the appropriation of the
same in ways most effective for the suc
cess of the party in the approaching elec
tion; the preparation or procuring, print
ing and disseminating of great quantities
of campaign literature; the employment
of speakers and the assisting of the State
Central Committees In conducting the
campaign In their several States; the de
cision as to the time and place for hold
ing the national convention, and the is
suing of the call which brings that body
together.
Local Arrangements for a National
Convention.
The convention Is held in a large- city
and in an auditorium <.now usually a
building erected for the purpose) large
enough to accommodate many spectators.
The privilege of admission to the specta
tors' seats is highly prized, tickets for
seats sometimes selilng for as much as
550. Arrangements are made by a local
committee of prominent citizens, the com
mittee having nrmny sub-divisions — for ex
ample, upon hotels, transportation, music,
decoration, reception and many other
matters. A vast amount of work 13 re
quired and provided for.
Composition of the Convention.
The official call for the convention desig
nates the number of delegates to which
each State is entitled. Each State sends
twice as manv delegates as it has elec
toral votes, and each Territory may send
two delegates. In Democratic conventions
Territorial delegates do not vote; in Re
publican conventions they may. In 1S32
the Republican National Convention
adopted a rule requiring all delegates to
be chosen by the Congressional districts
of each State, except the four delegates
at larse. who should be elected at a State
convention. No uniform rule has been
adopted by the Democrats.
Organization of the Convention.
The chairman of the National Commit
tee calls the convention to order and reads
the official call. Some distinguished
clergyman is then usually called upon to
offer pray or. A temporary orgar.iza.tion
having been effected, it is customary to
vote that the convention be governed by
the rules of the preceding convention "un
til otherwise ordered." Republican con
ventions make frequent changes in their
rules of procedure. Democratic conven
tions are accustomed to adhere to those
which have become time-honored. The
Important business of the first day is
completed by appointing the various com
mittees—on credentials, on permanent* or
ganization, on rules and on resolutions
each committee being composed of one
member from each State and Territory
chosen bv the delegation from his own
State or Territory.
The convention cannot proceed to the
work for which it was called until the
composition of the body is determined,
and that is dependent upon the report of
the committee on credentials. Sometimes
it is obliged to adjourn from day to day
for several days waiting for the adjust
ment of questions as to contested seats.
When there are but one or two disputed
seats the "regular" delegates are almost
invariably admitted. Occasionally, how
ever, two full delegations appear from a
single State, each making out a strong
claim. Such a depute may be settled by
compromise, each delegate being given
half a vote. Though the report of the
committee on credentials is generally ac
cepted by the convention, it has beeji in
a few Instances rejected. The Republi
can convention cf 1SS0. for instance, re
jected the committee's report. The rule
referred to above, adopted in \$Q2. was de
sisnod to prevent further difficulties of
the sort.
The report of the committee en per
manent organization ccmes next in orrier.
and is adopted by unanimous vote. The
large number of permanent officials in
cludes, besides the president and the
honorary vice-presidents (one from
among the delegates of each State and
Territory-, chosen by the several delega
tions), a" formidable array of secretaries—
"chief," "assistant" and "honorary"— a
sergeant-at-arms. with some twenty as
sistants, and official stenographers. As
in the Stae convention the permanent
chairman, upon taking his seat, delivers
a formal speech upon the issues of the
day.
The report of the committee on rules
now follows. It comprises an order of
business for the convention and a- re
statement of the rules of the convention
next preceding, with such amendments as
the committee judges wise. Considerable
time may be spent in the discussion of
proposed changes.
The Platform.
The report of the committee on resolu
tions should be next in crder, and while
waiting for it various matters of business
may be transacted by the convention. The
committee to notify the successful aspir
ants of the nomination and the new na
tional committee may then be elected.
Each Is usually made up of one member
from each State and Territory, designat
ed by the respective delegations.
The platform is usually adopted "plank"
by " nlank," as reported, and without op
position. Any delegate may, however,
vote to omit or amend any resolution.
Sometimes a long and important debate
may occur upon a question of party pol-
l C y_a debate which may result in a
change of policy. This is illustrated in
the action of the Democratic convention
of 1892, which substituted a resolution fa
voring "tariff for revenue only" for one
reported advocating "moderate protec
tion " A hot discussion upon the finan
cial resolutions reported to the Republi
can convention of 1803 was followed by
the formal secession from the party of
several delegates from "silver States.
The Nominations.
The platform having been agreed upon,
the rea'«~busine.ss for which the conven
tion has met is at last undertaken— the
nomination ef candidates. In spite of the
long preliminary canvass, many names
are sometimes proposed. The Republican
convention of 1S8S' cast ballots for nine
teen different persons. The roll of States
is called in alphabetic order, and each
State delegation has the right to nomi
nate a Presidential candidate. Of course
not all avail themselves cf the privilege,
but the opportunity is often made use
of to compliment some leading ami fa
vorite politician of the Stute with no
thought of his receiving the nomination.
Sometimes a State delegation nominates a
citizen of another State. Mr. Elaine was
nominated In 1S92 by the delegation from
Colorado. Details are carefully arranged
beforehand, plans being laid to present
the names ot favorite candidates In the
most effective manner. Names are us
ually proposed in elaborate, oratorical
speeches, prepared long before, eulogizing
the nominees in the loftiest nights of elo
quence and skillfully "working up" the
audience to a pitch of enthusiasm which
manifests Itself In tumultuous applause.
A nomination is seconded by another dele
gate, who may also indulge in a display
of oratory, and who may be followed by
othtrs.
When the balloting begins the long roll
of States ¦ Is called— usually again and
again, for only rarely is a nomination
made en the first ballot. The chairman
of each State delegation rises in his place
to declare for whom the vote of his State
is cast — either announcing the vote of a
majority of his delegation 89 the vote of
his State, according to the "unit rule."
or . stating the actual vote of the" mem
bers of his delegation, which may or may
not be divided. Any delegate may chal
lenge the return of votes made by the
chairman of his delegation, and in such
a case the secretary of the convention
calls the roll of that delegation.
In a few Instances, when some one man
has become known aa the undo _t> fe_ ;
preference of his party, nomination, has.;
been made by acclamation. Martin Van{
Buren was so nominated in 1S35, Henryi
Clay in 1S44 and Grover Cleveland ia 1SS3.'-
General Grant received the unanimous,
vote of the Republican convention bot_<
in 1S63 and 1S72. In Democratic conven-j
tlons. it Will be remembered, two-thirds of:
the vote is required to nominate a. candl— «
date. In Republican conventions a, sim-*"
pie majority is sufficient.
The repeated calling of the roll of States:
gives opportunity fcr delegates to change*
their votea. As each bailot is taken and
counted the resu!t3 are announced to t_ a;
convention. Day after dav ia sonafttimea 1
consumed in this tedious m_r_ier. Forty-i
nine ballots were necessary for the Doml— j
nation of Franklin Pierce in 1S52. fifty— 1
three for that of General Scott la tlae*
same year.
While the balloting goes on and a _»•
cislve result Is not reached many confar—
ences take place among the clelegatlonaL'
Influences, some legitimate, seme qu_»— ¦
tlonable. are brought to bear to induco
Individuals or delegations to transfer 1
their support from one aspir__t to an
other. In case several leading men arw
before the convention and the friends of
neither are disposed to yield, a "darfc
horse" may at the right moment be an
nounced as a candidate and may u_e_-'
pectecll}' receive the nomination. T_e
"dark horse" is a r__ 1 oX comparative
obscurity or of promlnoncf* only ia a lirs-;
ited portion of the country- Several Pres
identa have come before the convention a_
dark horses. Such were Polk. Taylor,
Fierce. Hayes. Garneld and Harrison.
A nomination having been made by th_
requisite number of ballots. It is "good
form" for the principal supporter of tiia
candidate receiving the number of votea
nearest to that of the successful man to
move that the nomination be mide uaanl*'
mous. Supporter? of other aspirants 8?<v
ond the motion, which is always carried,
amid great applause. In recent years it;
h:w been customary for the chairman of a.;
Republican convention when a nominations
has been made to put the question imme-J
diately. "Shall the nomination be mada*
unanimous?"
The nomination of a Vice President Is a
comparatively tame affair. The proce4t__j
Is the same as that already described.
After attending to the remaining routine
business the convention a_Jour_3 sine dleu.
Party Loyalty.
A much-vexed question always ames la
connection with the action of a party con
vention. It is as to the obligation upon th»
members of the party to support tha
nominees of the convention. Theoretically,
party loyalty requires all to abide by th©
decisions of the authorized representa
tives of the party, but party discipline has
never yet been able to coerce individual
action, though strong efforts are made to
place a stigma upon the "bolter" or tha
"kicker" who refuses to vote the party
ticket. The Republican convention of 1S30
parsed almost unanimously a resolution,
called the "ironclad pledge," declaring?
"that every member of this convention la
bound in honor to support its nominee,
whoever that nominee may be, and thac
no man should hold his seat here who la
not ready so to agree." But when four
years later an e— ort was made by the
Republicans to pass a similar motion Is
was found impossible, and It 13 known
that a number of the prominent delegate*
to that convention labored and voted for
the election of the Democratic candiiiate-
The Campaign.
The two nominees of the convention aroj
now the party "standard bearers" and all4
the members of the party are expected to-"
"rally round" them and use every en
deavor to win for the party a "glorious
victory" In the autumnal election. ThO'
delegates return to their hones carrying]
-with them the enthusiasm generated In.:
the great national assemblage. Under tEe
general guidance of the National Commit
tee the Intricate network of party cona-^
mittees covering the country goes vigor-;
ously into the work of "orpajilzing the
campaign." Business from sea to sea 13
more or less interrupted for the foui* or>
five months during which the American;
people are engaged in pettlnK ready ton
elect a chief masri?trate. Thousands upon.;
thousands of "c mpaign speakers" and
millions? of newspaper articles and politi
cal tracts are supposed to assist th»,
American voter In making: up his mind
how he fhall vote, while many millions of
dollars are devoted to the same purpose- .
Early In November the voter walks to thai
polls (cr rides in a fine carriage hired -with'
the party '"campaign fund") and deposits
an Australian ballot which records his de
cision, and a few hours later his conclu-,
sion is known to the whole civilized world.,
A ruler for a mishty people has beea;
chosen. A great party has coma into:
power or has succeeded In retaining power*
for another four years. Jealousies. dlsat>-<
pointements and heart-burnings remain to*
embitter individual lives, but the country
returns to its legitimate occupation o? 1
making a livir.jr. while the politicians,
commence laying plans for the next Presi
dential contest.
JESSE ilACT.
Iowa Colleee.
Copyright, 1900, by Ssymour Eaton.
NOMINATION OF PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES^
/\m_S.- "CAN POLITICAL PARTffiS,
Beautiful Mrs. Spridgeon and Frank D. Donohue, Recently
Divorced, Wedded in Nevada After Securing
Highest Legal Advice.
FLOUTED BELCHER DECISION
AND WERE MARRIED IN RENO
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAI-t, MONDAY, JUNE 25, 1900.
5
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
XI.
At a sale of the Garzelin collection In «'
Part? house a remarkable Louis XV clock,
which brought 21.000 francs at the Double
sale in 1S31. realized 32.000 francs.
GBAND OPER^HODSElPfciai
FRIDAY AFTERNOON
JT.*XE :S. _t 1:45 SHARP.
FOR THE
WIDOW AND ORPHANS
JOHN __.
/
lbs Ee-o of the Firs Department.
Given by the
Associate. Theatrical Managers
of Fan jrancisco.
ATTR&GTIOHS FROM EVERY THEATER
IH THE CITY,
MONSTER MiSSTREL FIBST PART.
AND THE BEST BILL, EVER GIVEN. *
P^ats. Jl. Tickets en eah? at Everv Th-ater
in th<» city.
Boxes, fjr.. tr> and Si 1 ?. According tc Location.
cr as Much Mor» as Any On» Wants to Give'
Orders fcr rurxe* may tx» left to-day
Fi^s«?r«_tioTss reTr.mfnre at th« Orard Oi^ra
Hew ii'EyPAY MORNING st 9 oclcck.'
*<_B MiP4 Pi W HOUSE
TTA_T_Tt MOBOSCO. Mar_rer.
PHONE MAIN ES2.
S&> of Peat* Co-ira^rN THX~R5DA'Y
MORXI.VO.
KOXI>*T EVE NINO NEXT. JULT ;.
THE KBW FRAWLEY COMPANY.
In Ifrar! Zar.gvn'.l's Famous Play.
"CHILDREN OF THE GHETTO."
Ssl*> of t^ats CoTnmer.ces Thur?3ay Morn-
laz at Bex Offio Grard Opera House and
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
KOLII>AY MATINEE JfLT 4.
P.Tula: Mating Spturdav.
EVENING PRICES— Orchestra 73c: Dress
Circ!<\ Bte; Family Crcle. 2ic: Gallery. 15c.
Matir.^e Prices — 50c # ;5^ # i5c_ ioc.
A EI__ BETOND CRITICISM.
THE BEST OF THE SEASON".
The Greatest Ccrr.e^y O'^artet in America.
The Four COHANS,
Pr~f*r.t'r.g "TKE GOVERNOR'S SON."
TGDD-JU06E FAMILY OF ACF.OBATS,
CARRIH6T0N. HOLLAND and 6ALPIN,
GILBERT and GOLDIE,
MUSICAL PALE. FTDNKT DEANE. GRAPE-
WIN AND CHANCE.
R«en«4 S*>at«. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box pea.ts. SOc.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Suni&y.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
ErilMarit P.eriva! of the Operatic Gem.
THE ENTTP.E COMPANY IN THE CAST*.
Poti-«>r;u! Chorus and Orehestrau
Goryeous Sc^n^ry. Co?tu— tes and Effects.
Evezings at ?. Matinee Saturday at X
JOPTLAR PRICES— Se and 50c
TELEPHONE BTJEH 9.
EDGINNING TO-NIGHT.
SPECIAL MATINEE WEDNESDAY
In AdSlticn to the Reiru!ar Matinee Saturday.
CHARLES FROHitAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
and a
SPECIAL COMPANY.
This Week Only— € Nts*t*-2 Matinee*.
Tie Brilliant Comedy Success,
"MISS HOBBS"
By Jercme K. Jerome.
rceit Monday— • -THE TREE OF ECOWL- |
EIKJE."
|
another" last
crowd night !
HOtT THE! DO LOVE TO LAUGH AT
IIOYT'S
A Milk White Flag!
Presented by
Dunns & Ryley's ALL-STAR CAST,!
Next Sunday Night. HOYTS
•A DAT AND A NIGH T." I
•#_5F H E AT R E >
_?o-_<r_a-__T i
FOURTH WEEK
FLORENCE ROBERTS j
Surpcrted by WHITE WHITTLESEY, in the !
FaBcinalinK Play.
ONLT MATINEE SATL'RDAT.
Seats at Box Office C Day» in AJvance.
CHUTESand ZOO
EVERT AFTERNON AMD EVENING.
WILSON FAMILY. McDONALD BROS..
I5E__E WILTON. DEETS AND DON,
CAFFNET AND BURTON. BASCO AND
I'JCE. NETV MOVING PICTURES.
THE ELECTBiC FOUNTAIN.
imatenr Night, Thnrsday.
Cakewalk Right, Saturday.
Or&tr Seats by Phone Park S.
WHEN DOCTORS DISAGREE
W_at Becomes of the Patient?
Doctors have their hobbles as well as
other people and in the treatment of dls-
i case often carry them too far for the pa-
j tienfs good. For Instance In the ¦ treat-
ment of indigestion or dyspepsia many
doctors grlve bismuth and nothing else,
others rely on pepsin to bring their pa-
tients through, still another doctor treats
stomach troubles with the various vege-
table essences and fruit salts.
Xotv one or the other of these excellent
remedies becomes a hotby with the doc-
tor who has had most success with the
particular one in question, because all of
them are first-class remedies for indiges-
tion and dyspepsia, but not one of them
I alone is fo good as a combination of all
i of them, such as is found in Stuart's
j Dyspepsia Tablets, which contains not
I only vegetable essences and fruit salts.
! but also the freshest, purest pepsin and
I bismuth, making altogether a remedy un-
'¦ surpassed for every form of indigestion,
; sour Ftoir.ach. nervous dyspepsia, belch-
i ing: of ga?. distress after eating, sleep-
! lessness, hcadach«=r=. etc.
, Stuart's Dyppei'fia Tablets !s not a se-
: ore* patent nostrum, but you can see for
: yourself what it is. and knowing: this, its
; turcess as a dyspepsia cure is not sur-
: prising. All druggists recommend and
; sell them at 53 cents.
|No More Dread
!of the Dental Chair,
i XF *~ Tl-5 'Which wll! you have, the
j 1 _L I Hi comforts cf good teeth, or
i the wretched misery. fufTorin* an 1 terrible
| pa^Es of fvntharh* end broken-U jtvh conftiiu-
! tirn. caused by polluted breath from decavc-rt
i tepth. And yet many struggle on through Ilro
| and allow th^ir t«"Mli to get in this mast de-
plorable condition without sefklng the proper
I source to hsv« theifr teeth restored to their .
J natural rendition. «
We «r*> making a specialty of gold crrtrn and
, V>rid«r* work; rhf reo«t beautiful, painless and
! dural>le of all dental work known to the pro-
'¦ fession. Our name alone will be a guarantee '
j that ycur work wi'.l be of th? best. We have a
[ sr^lalist in tach der>artment.
( Full set of teeth $5. a. perfect fit g-uaran*e<?d
: or no ray. Gold crowns, $5. Gold flllinps, $!.
\ Fllver fillings, 50c.
! New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN" PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH SSATTLE. WASH.
| s . II... !
tl will guarantee
that my Rheumatism
Cnre will relicTe lurr.-
bajro. sci.iticn and ell
rheumatic pains in
two or three honsr.
and cure in a few
_IUNT0N.
At all drajrjisfs,
25c. a Tlal. Guide
to Health and medi-
. > ... csl advic«? fre«.
1 I • 1505 Arch st.. Phlla.
i i '. . J\
i ¦¦¦¦"-,--_
I PlpiSP WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD- RENOWNED
¦ "•Magnetic Elastic Truss" Dr. Pierce s»v« to
! tb« public the most remarkable rem'djr ever
i discovered fcr the successful treatment of
i Hernia or Rupture. Thousands of sufferer*
have l>e«a permanently relieved and radically
CURED by this great appliance and thousand*
cf others are no~ on th«- road to complete r»»
1 covery. This Truss is different from all others.
) It does the work!
i You can get our "BOOKLET No. 1 by ca.ll-
I lnr «t the office, or It will be n*nt en receipt
1 of a. 2-cent etamp. It tella alt about this Truss.
i "magnetic elastic truss co.,
j C2O Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel).
San Francisco.
Eastern Office— New York City.
| ;
visit OR- JORDAN'S great^
J-OSEU- OF ANATOMY^
4 Q) 1: - 1 yASSir «• *«*- ei*!"-i. S-7-&1. i
T t»y^ The Lar^eit Anatomical Musenm in th- \
£ Mier^im^. Wctd. %Veikner»r» or aiy contracted A
i%£ rs5^ —ir»«^ p«??*li»rly curodiijrthf elaiil v
j £. S0§ Wai ipeciai J« CJi the tc lit. Est 36 ;'C_ * fy
<f i^Xrh C8 ' «-'C23A.V-?RJYATE DISEASES 0
| A M X*5?n t™ l ' mrnt prnomiiy cr by letter. A 1 !
fi f *l rf JPc ' ''"' '*"''"•' crcrr caseusdrrtakea. '
I A » if ('/*• W n ;t for B".oi. MU-O»CfMl'»l i |
"* I |l » StAamACK, MAILED FREE. 'AT
1 7 OB. JOBDAX&l'O.. 1051 Market St., 8. F. I
PALACES HOTEL
The fc'.eh rtandard ef excellence maln-
talned by Uses* hotel* Is recornlsed and
appreciated by a dlcerlmtnfttlnr and fas-
tidious clientele who rerularly make them
teeir headquarters when In San Francisco.
Located In close proximity to wnolesaU
and thcpplng districts, place* of amuse-
rr.ent and with the further advantar* of
barter street cars to ail points of Interest
pass the entrance.
American plan. European plan. -
GRAND HOTEL
!
| "" DR.PIERCE'SV I
MEDICAL'
_$gSC©VEfSY
FOR TKE
._3JLOpp.JLiVER.L5J_iyGS»i,
JCAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OCR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
t/ [)Af> m >vere successful st Norn* last
MlUUfl >'»r. All ctfcers failed. Ia opera.
Men dally, s Ptevenson St.. It. V.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
1 I iri/rnil UcM oreclsinc pumps, th* only
J/*_l\_Ui1 tuccetkful pump manufactured.
**"'*** * t _. Blxtb St.. San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS. -
FTQfHFR'^ concert house.
rlOUnCtt O AetmU«ion 10s.
L_ft Wwk of the LAMBARDI OPERA QUAR-
TET AND SIG. ABRAMOFF in Scenes From
"THE HUGUENOTS." MABEL. MAHTIN,
Soprano, ar.rt ItabeMe Underwood.
Resffrv**! Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily From 7 a, m. to 11 p. ra. .
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION' 10c. CHILDREN 5c.
Ba'-il-E. Including- Admission. 25c Children 20c.^
ASVEHTXS---ENTS.
Berlin i has 229 common schools; seven-
teen are Catholic.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Mallei
on Application.
ATTORNEY. ~\
F. H. aT-RZBACil. lawy»r. SS3 Col.. Clor!» b>.
COAL C0_H A.ND PI3 1WOX
T r WTI £• f fl K0 Batt^r Street.
J. t- nlLJUil <_ WV-. Telephone Main ISM.
CdPPER*>MlTH.
C W CM1TH Ship Plumbing:. Steamboat and
Hi- O.ulili • Ship V.'ork a specialty. 1* ana
IS Washington st. Telephone Main 6641.
__ _________ __
D. D. "WASS.
Electrical Engineer. 38 East rt.
FRHSH AND SALT MEATS.
IIC PnVCC X- CCi Butchers. 104
JAj- bUltj tt VW'Clay. Tel. Mais 12M.
GALVAMZIN1 AND .METALS.
Manfacturer and Dealer In Metals and G\I-
vanizias. JOHN FINN* METAL W0RK3. 3X3
Howard st.
HAREMS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth, 23c. Koolnson Chem. Co.. 1163 Howard.
LITHOGRAPHING.
The t"nlon Lithograph Co.. S3S Sansoma »t^ -
Artistic I«i»hcgr3pherj and Printers. Go— »rn-
in?nt Licensee for Imprintlsz of Rdvenu»
Eta rep*.
MET AT_
Extra linotyp? and st*>reotrpe metal. Paclflo
Metal "UTorks. 1J7-? First *t.. Pan Francisco.
o'ls. r— ;
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & EI#-
LIS. US Front St.. S. F. Phoce Main 1713.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SCPPUSS.
Frw Samples of r>ev?lop*r. Backus Studio, tl
Geary- Etching Matte ami Platinum paper.
1 ICUCTIXJ.
PC rl'IPCv PRINTER.
PRINT FiS. BOOK HINDERS.
THE HICKS-JL'DD CO..
23 First rt.. San Francisco.
STATIONER AN- FHECCBfi
-tiggpbi. PARTRIDGE
WflJTH 15fl STEAM COAL, e __ac^
DIAMONI> COAL MINING CO.. at Its Gil— Z X
RIVER COL—IK R IKS. la the Unt. Coat la t_*
market. Office tad Tai— i — 453 Mala «cre«t.
IA/. X. HESS.
KCTABY PU3_I3 ASH ATT0_3ST-AT-__!r.
Tenth Floor, Room 10U, Claus Sprecksls Bids.
- Telephone Brown Gil.
Residence. 821 California at. below Powell.
San Fraiiclaco.
__ttTJ_E__E_r_S.RENO, Nev., " June 24.— Heno defeated
Caraon In the fifty-mile bicycle relay race
here to-day for the State championship
by a mile and a half.
Reno Wheelmen. Win.
Bpeclal' Dispatch to The Call.
The members of the club will banquet
theix secretary, Horace Smyth, to-morrow
night, Mr. Smyth has Just returned from
an extended European trip;
The Swiss Rifle Club shoot at Har
bor View yesterday resulted as follows:
Mroal fhoot— Champion, A. Gehret. 419; flrrt
class. R. Hauser XS?; second class, J. Scheibli,
3T4: third cla*s. Jo* Turner, 209.
Bull»eje tliciot — First, i\ Suter; eecond, Joe
Furrcr; Uilrd, J. Bachmann; fourth. R. Hauser;
fifth. A. Monattl; eUth. E<\ Suter Jr.; seventh,
J. Roh«ibli; eighth. F. Baurr.gartner; ninth,
J. Eecraan. W5t£
Swiss Rifle Club Shoot.
Jerry Johnson, Frank Pierson, J. S. Byrnes,
Nat Paddock. H. "Whltley. Guy Itansome, Harry
Ward. Denny Carroll. Dr. Gambrltz. Harry
BostwJck. Herbert Hauser, II. Gray, P. ITolden,
L. Buhlert. II. Jlanor, P. Ratich. William Hal
lett. Al Lean, John H. Hammersmith, F.
Duran, A. C. Jame.t, F. Black, C. Clawson.
D. Danzlser. C. Cloutrh. C. Conlan. Georgu
James. Sid Cavil!. F. Stanton. J. Spiro. H. J.
Gallett. H- Xaushton. William King. P. W.
Sherry and Percy Roberta.
A number of Olympic Athletic dub
members enjoyed a ten-mile tramp yester
day over the foothills between Blairs
Park and Redwood Canyon, thence to
Fruitvale for luncheon. No attempt wa3
made at competition, th© participants
merely enjoying a health-giving outing.
Those in the party. were:
Olympians on the Boad.
Bautre nf France won the hnur race with
vrtrcrs. •mnkirijr 35 0-10 miles. Harry B.
K'k<"-<». tho American, ¦was «ocond; LInton,
the Englishman, came in fourth.
PARIS. June 24. — An immense crowd
witneFped the final? in the international
bicycle contests to-day. The Grand Prix
was won by Jacquelin of France, Momo of
Italy bolns: second and Tornasollo of Italy
third. No Americans competed.
ELKES TN SECOND PIjACE.
Xcses tLe International Bicycle Hac?
at Paris.
The customary match grames between
the devotees of handball were plaved yes
terday afternoon in Phil Ryan's Howard
street eourt The matches resulted as fol-
M. Dillon and P. Hutchinson....... « 21 m
G. Hutchlnson and P. Kelly 20 17 fl
L. Waterman and J. R. Bockman.. Ji 19 „
D. J. Sheehan and E. Lynch.. „... w 21 m
C. Lakln and C. Smith 21 ?i *i
P. Munz and F. Carney 15 »£
E. Barry and P. Tato 21 " " *% .,
D. Regan and E. McGlnty ".; J$ Jl 16
G. McDonald and P. McKinnon... 21 9t ,,
H. Racoullat and M. McNeil JJ 'JJ jj
W. "Williams and "W. "Walsh.... n 91 ».
M. Hynes and J. Theall ....;" 20 is 20
G. B. Hayward and W.
Hassetl a 1! 21 ¦«« »i
P. Ryan and T. Leach.. U a 16 n jo
E. White and J. Glynn 21 •< ..
W. Johnson and G. Green... I 17 2» 19
TV Serres and' J. Killlan 21 rt n
R. Regll and M. Klrby 13 18 19
A. Hampton and J. Har- x
low It 20 21 19 81
J. Rtordon and J. White IS 21 18 21 17
Handball Matches.
Grant Smith and William Collier Jr.
visited San Rafael yesterday and played
several matches with H. W. Crowe!!.
Grant Smith suffered his first defeat la
several weeks, going down before Crowell,
6-1. 6-3, 4-6.
Al Rosenberg won from Merle Johnson
in a close set 6-5. Joseph Mayhew in a
four set match won from Keuhn 6-4, 6-3.
6-1. 6-3. This was close and not as one
sided a3 the score indicates. Al Rosen
berg next took on Paul Jonea and took
him into camp, tho scores being 6-4, 6-3,
6-0. Once more Jones -went down to de
feat with colors flying, this time being
overcome by the clouting of Cornell, scors
8-6, 6-3. Cornell has a good chance to ba
the runner-up at San Rafael.
J. A. Code and Merle Johnson played
a tie match 6-4, 7-9. Keuhn played Louis
Delano two sets, winning both 6-4, 6-4.
It was a comparatively quiet day at
the California Tennis Club yesterday, as
part of the playing contingent went to San
Rafael, while another part took, a day
oft. Several good mtaches took placa
among the players who did put in an ap
pearance. The best match of the day was
between Ray Cornell and Robert Whit
ney. Cornell' was In great form, whilo
Whitney was off in his drive, on which
stroke ho depends 1 almost entirely. Cor
nell took the first set 6-3, Whitney tho
second 6-3 and Cornell secured, tho third
and match 6-3.
On tlie Tennis Courts.
Bod-Wieldcrs Do Clever Work on
Stow Lake in Golden Gat©
Park.
The contests of the San Francisco Fly
Casting Club brought out a g-ood attend
ance at Stow Lake yesterday, and al
though no records were broken the aver
age of the scores was good throughout.
Mr. Lovett was high man in distance and
also in delicacy. Mr. Mansfield did not
compete in the distance casting, at which
he is the champion, but carried oft* the
honors in the accuracy event. Mr. Broth
erton was in the lead at lure casting. All
the contestants in the distance event did
excellent work, five making over 100 feet
while all but one were above 90 feet. The
scores follow:
EXPERTS CAST A FLY
OVER ONE HUNDRED FEET
Blew Briskly Along Marin Shore, to
the Delight of the Amatsur
RmIIatw
Several yachts of the San Francisco
fleet sailed on Saturday afternoon and
evening to various arsctioragf s in the up
per bay. George T. S. White and J. M.
Punnett's sloop Siren went as far as Para
dise Cove and dropped anchor there. Dr.
T. I>. Hill's Cygnus, R. S. Bridgeman's
Thetis. I. Gutte's Chispa, A. Sutherland's
Catherine, li. Dot's yawl Phyllis and J. R,
Savory's JuanHa cruised to McXears Land
ing and dropped their hooks. L. S. Sher
man's yawl llcyal, formerly a sloop, was
out in her new suit of sails and spent
the nieht at McNcars. The Corinthian
eloop M^rope came to anchor at the same
place. The Corinthians cruised up to Val
lojo instead of to Dillon's Point, as had
been proposed.
The breeze yesterday was brisk all along
the Marin shore, and near Saupallto each
of the rpiurr.lng boats of the San Fran
cIfco fV-ot pot a few kr.ock<5owns off Hur
ricane Gulch. H. BJ Slmpkin's yawl Tra
tr.ontana, looking a* smart and trim as a
new pin, was out cruising yesterday, as
was also George E. nillin? Nixie. The
r.ttrrnnor. was one of the breeziest experi
enced this senson and all the boats bound
for Sau^alito made thHr moorings in good
time after a lively and exclttnsr sail.
Though ihe Ran Francisco Yacht <""!ub
has received a prfssin;* invitation from
the Btt*et Fair Oommittoo to visit Ptock
ion during the coming holidays and sev
eral of the ya«-ht«mon wouhl like to make
tho trip, especially a? towage from Antl
ooh to Stockton end back is promised. Jt
fffms hardly likely that any of the own
>rs will bo slile to avail themselves of the
proffered hospitality. Tlie fact that In-
day falls on a Wednesday
mnkfs it almost 1mr>O!=s!bl<? to get crews
together for the four or flve davn neces
sary to make the trfr. up the San" Joaquin.
SPANKING BREEZE SENT .
YACHTS TO ANCHORAGE
Rifle, 200 yards, rold medal— C. M. Hender
son, 223, 222, 220. 203. 211; A. B. Dorrell 221
ni 214,-210; F. E. ilason. 220. 219. 22L
Nearly all of the members of the Golden
Gate Klfle and Pistol Club were In at
tendance for the regular events in the
programme. A number of visitors also
took part in the Bhootlng. several taking
with them their hunting rifles for practice.
J. E. Gorman's revolver, scores were the
only features of the. fifty-yard range. On
the long range there was close competi
tion for awhile between C. M. Henderson
and E). "W. McLauRhlin for the best score
of the day, but late In the afternoon the
latter pulled ahead- with 228 rings. The
25-ring target Is used on the 200-yard
range and tho standard American for
fifty-yard shooting for pistol and revolver
Annexed are tlie scores:
V. Hrondt 221 points, -D. Jl. Faktor 822. E.
Ooctze 343, F. P. Bchunter 461, L. Blndrl 611,
W. Goctse 6S2, J. Utschig 691. A. Jungblut 7!1.
L. Ilaake ZS2, It. Stettin 921, H. Stelllng 1137.
There is no let-up In the competition in
the Germania Schuetzen Club on the con
tinuous match for cash nrizes," which will
be distributed at the end of the year. In
this event tho entries are unlimited, three
shot tickets on the 25-ring target. Several
of the marksmen bettered their totals. R.
Stettin made 72, J. Utschig 71, D. B. Fak
tor. 1J. Salfleld and P. F. Schuster C9 each.
The members turned out well to the
monthly bullseye contest for cash prizes,
and the following were the winners In
their order:
D B Fnktor C6 points. O. Burmelster 200, D.
Punker 230, J. C. Waller 319. F. Brandt .344, K.
Ooctze 4S3, J. I/ankenau 409. F. Rust 523, J.
Horetmin 5^2. £>. Salfield 61S, II. Hub«r C4I.
W. Goetze 705, J. Peters S98, R. Stettin 90S.
F. Henzel 943. F. P. Schuster 976, O. L#mcke
S7S. A. Hertelsen 102S, A. Mocker 1023, H. Hup
r*rt 10*1.
In the regular monthly bullseye shoot
fcr cash prizes of the San Francisco
Echuetzen Club D. B. Faktor was the high
man, taking first money with a shot which
measured C6-1000 of an Inch from the true
center. The prize winners and their scores
as shown by the measuring machine were
as follows: :;•..'
Two representatives of the Sacramento
Helvetia Rifle Club were on the range as
the guests of the marksmen. Jacob Meyer
and E. Schmidt arrived early and took a
hand in the sport In several of the clubs'
stands. They easily showed their ability
to handle the fine rifle, although the range
conditions were strange to them. The
Sacramento club has nearly forty mem
bers and all are provided with the best of
modern target rifles.
Nearly all of the shooting stands on the
Shell Mound range were filled with marks
men yesterday, each endeavoring to win
for himself high record, special prize or
general marksmen's honors. The day was
as pleasant as could be desired, although
a strong wind was blovdng in from the
Golden Gate. On the long ranges this
caused Bome little annoyance, causing the
bullets to drift several inches. Even on
the fifty-yard range its strength was felt.
The attendance was large and every score
v.-as conscientiously completed, for as the
time for the national rifle tournament ap
proaches the local shots desire to lose no
opportunity for perfecting themselves with
their favorite firearm. Taken on the
whole, the scores made were good, but
nothing to cause special comment.
Jacob Meyer and E. Schmidt of the
Sacramento Club Took a Hand
in the Sport With Good
Results.
Fair Scores Were Made by
the Riflemen at the Shell
Mound Range.
BULLETS WENT
ADRIFT IN THE
STRONG BREEZE
Olympic and San Francisco Gun Clubs
Bang Away at Pigeons and
Blue Bocks.
The pleasant weather of yesterday
brought out tha grun men In force and
as a result there were- many sportsmen
at each of the trap shooting grounds at
Ingleside.
Tho San Francisco Gun Club held its
regular club shoot and in addition several
six-bird pool matches were shot off. Tha
Olympic Gun Club members strengthened
their scores in tho medal race target "hoot
and diamond ring event at blua rocks.
In practice shooting F. Feudner scored
24 out of 25.
Following are> the scores:
San Francisco Gua Club sHoot:
Contestant— Yards. Scots,
Sweeney - 29— t 21*1123*31 1— IS
Haight SI— 3 2222222113 2—13
Shields 29—2 1131122132 1—13
Bekeart ....—. t»-l 2122220322 2— 11
Nauman SI— 1 1122122211 0—11
Karney 29—2 2213222»22 2—11
Bruns K>—2 1112012111 2— U
Derby 2S-2 122»112210 1— lt>
Bekeart ............. 20—1 1211202101 2—10
Boos ~ 23—0 1121131021 2—19
Bekeart 20—0 2*21132112 1—10
Foster 80—0 21*3212122 1—10
Klevesahl 23—1 101211122* 1—10
Rooa ~ 2S-2 101*212»22 t-19
Derby 23—1 0111022X22 1—10
Rosenberg 23—* 2*21112123 2—10
W. E. Murdock 30—1 3012112201 1—10
Olympic Club medal race, twenty-five birds:
Nauman. 24, 23; F. Feudner, 23; Golcher, 23;
Webb. 22, 22. 21: Owens, 20; Derby, 20: Ha'.sht,
19; Blade. 13; Sweeney, 11; Karney, 19; Bear,
Diamond rin? event— Haight, 23; P. Feutoerv
23; N&uman. 23; Golcher, 21; Webb, 21.
Target race— Nauman. 23: Feudner. 25$
Haight. 23: Webb. 21; Bekeart, 17; Derby, 15.
Pool shoot-
Jackson Mill 1—9
Shields 11111 W
Nauman S t 1 J • •— 4
Coleman — •• 0 10 11 1—4
Hubbard 2 1 2 t i 8— «
In a similar event Nauman won wltb &
clean score.
INGLESIDE GUN MEN
SWELL THEIR SCORES
First division— W. Ulndecker 39, E. Merchant
35. H. Sandy 30. W. Bode 33, H. Blank 29, A
Qulnlan 38, J. MItchel 81. W. Wehr S6 R
Nathan 31 H. Ludeman 41. A. Bally 35, G
Osborne 30, Lieutenant Murphy S3.
Second division— II. Hilton 30, F Button 36
G. Hammond 32, J. Buckley 33 N, Buckley 31
Lieutenant O. Paulson 35, W. Kaemmerer 34!
J. Brophy 31, W. Hubbert 31, F. Norton 29 J
Markley 25. II. Leopold 32, C. Harris 31," J.
Both divisions of the Naval Militia were
out for the regular competition for class
medals. These boys shoot the Lee naval
musket with Government ammunition on
the Blunt target, ten shots to the score
Following are the records of the day's
shooting:
First champion class— F. P. Schuster, 437
rings: second champion class, not filled; first
claes, C. F. Rust. 400; second class Gua
Schultz. 3C0; third class, H. Huppert 352'
fourth class. William Gottschalk, 313; best first
Phot. C. F. Bust, 23; beet last shot, H. Hu
ber, 22.
There was a 1 good attendance at the
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club's monthly
contest for class medals, twenty shots
25-ring target. Following are the high
scores :
BullFeye target— William Dressier. 1323 • J
A. Mohr, 134S: William Kreutzkamm, 1733- H
Grieb. 1937; J. Steiner 2-313.
Class medals, champion cle«s— William Dress
ier, 409 rinsrs; first cla*s, P. H. Rulffs. 311; sec
ond class. Captain Henry Grieb, 312; third
class, John Stelner, 202; fourth claw L. Bern
stein. 2S1; best first shot. George Wagner 22
be«t last shot, W. Dressier 22.
The Red lien's Schuetzen Company's
members had all the shooting they could
attend to, holding their monthly contest
for class medals and a competition for
cash prizes on the bullseye target. In the
first there were twenty shots on the 25
ring target, and in the latter the best cen
ters were measured by machine. Follow
ing are the results of both events:
Silver medal— J. F. Bridges, 190, 1S9; Ben
Jonas. 1R2. ISO. 173.
First class trophy— C. M. Henderson, 218,
216. ISO: A. B. Dorrell. 210, 213. 214.
Fecnnd class trophy— G. Tammeyer. 217 211.
1S1, 1SG.
UuKhnell trophy— D. "W. McLaughlin. 223, 214,
22$; F. E. Mason, 222.221.
Revolver trophy— J. E. Gorman, 91, S9; J. W.
Thomklnp, 70.
Silver mfcal. pistol— J. F. Bridges, 7?, 74.
All-comers' pistol trophy— J. K. German. 52,
94: M. J. White. S«. R7: F. S. Washburn. 87.
First class pistol trophy— C. M. Henderson, 73.
Pacific Eleven Defeats the California
Team by a Good Margin
at Alameda.
As is frequently the case In cricket, the
unexpected happened yesterday In the
match between the California and Pacific
clubs on the Webster-8tr«et grounds, Ala
meda, the Pacific eleven beating th© cham
pions of last year by the good margin of
78 runs. The California team went to the
wickets first, but only two of their bats
men obtained double figures — G. Schroeder
21 and W. Reed (not out) 11. Casidy, San
diland and Soles captured eight wickets,
Casidy taking five. Coles two and Sandl
land one. The innings closed for 60 runs.
This total was all but beaten by C. P.
Coles of the Pacifies, who scored 54 runs.
J. Myers complied 54, the California total
being beaten by 42 runs at the fall of the
first wicket. After the dismissal of Coles
and Myers wickets fell rapidly, the third
and fourth falling at 124 and the flfth and
sixth at 125. The innings closed with a
score of 13S for nine wickets, A. B. Willis
being absent. The captain of the Califor
nia captured four wickets and Sloman
took the same- number. Roberts, Guild
and L. Schroeder were also tied, but with
out success. The California fielding was
loose, as is shown by the large number
of extras. The full scores are given here
with:
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUR, J
E. G. Sloroan, b. Casidy 7
J. Guild, b. Casidy ; " 0
W. Reeves, b. Casidy * $
A. Dickenson, st. Myers, b. Sandilands 2
L. Schroeder, run out .3
G. Schroeder, c. G. Theobald, b. Coles 21
A. S. Willis, b. Coles /' g
W. Roberts, b. Casidy 3
W. Reed, not out xi
B. Bromfleld. b. Casidy " 2
T. B. Smith, run out I.*."I 0
Total go
Runs at fall of each wicket— One for 1 two
for 10, three for 13. four for 19 five for 8L six
for 44. seven for 47. efeht for 47. nine for 57.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. R. Jt, W
H. C. Casidy 73 20 2 5
L.. H. Sandilanda 3t5 27 ..
C. P. Coles S3 13 1 j
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB. "
J. Myers, c. Roberts, b. Dickenson ki
C. P. Coles, b. Sloman " - 5rT
G. Theojbald. c Roberts, b. LMckenson A
H, C. Casidy. b. Sloman 2
G. Wiseman run out "" 7
J J. Theobald, c. G. Schroder, b. Dickenson 0
W. Jamieson. b. Dickenson A
L. H. Sandllands, b. Sloman t
W. McDonald, c. Guild, b. 81oman $
A. W. Wllulnjr, not out I
A. B. Willis, absent .'." °
No ball 1. wldea a. le* bye 1. byes ll.Vir.'.'II li
Total i?a
Runs at fall 6f each wicket-One for 'Hi' 'two
'f V 3 ' &"* fOr "i- four for 124 - flv* for 123
SUMMARY OP BOWLING.
Bowler- * r. „ w
A. Dickenson 1S4 67 T i
E. G. Sloman 128 n " a !
W. Roberts 24 11 *
J. Guild 13 iJ
L. Schroeder' 24 7 *'
? l 2 e: /• Gulld bowled one wide, and j?
Sciroeder one wide. ¦ Li "
CHAMPIONS ARE BEATEN
ON THE CRICKET FIELD
American Association.
CHICAGO, June 24.— Chicago, 2; Kansas
City, 4.
MINNEAPOLIS, June $4.— Minneapolis.. 2;
Milwaukee, 1.
BtIFFAIX>, June 24.— TJuffalo, 7: Cleveland. 3.
DETROIT, June 24.— Detroit. 10; Indianapo
lis, 8.
CHICAGO, June 24.— Cincinnati batted Grif
fith bo hard and effectively to-day that he re
tired In the flfth In favor of Qarvln. The locals
hit Hahn hard, but generally right Into the
hands of some fielder. Chance will -be out of
the irame for some time, having been badly
spiked by Barrett in a collision at the plate.
Attendance, SOW. Score:
Clubs- R. H. EL«
Chicago 3 8 1
Cincinnati 5 ,10 S
Batteries — Griffith, Oarvln and Chance; Nlch
oU, Hann and Peltz. Umpire— Swortwood,
Clubs— W. L. Pet. | Clubs— W. I* Pet.
Brooklyn ....33 17 .660:Chicagro 24 28 .462
Philadelphia 32 19 .627 Cincinnati ..22 27. .449
Boston 24 23 .49OjSt. Louis 20 27 .426
Fittsburg ...23 27 .451 New York.... 19 19 .333
Injured at the Plate in the Game at
Chicago.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
CHANCE BADLY SPIKED.
Minor Baseball Games.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VACAVILLE, June 24.— A picked nine
under the name of Independents of Oak
land defeated the Vacavilles In a very fast
game to-day by a score of 3 to 2.
COLUSA, June 24.— ColuSa defeated Grid
ley here to-day In a game of baseball by
a score of 8 to 5.
ANTIOCH, June 24.— The old Peppers of
Antloch defeated the Termlrfal City
Wheelmen of Stockton in a game of base
ball by a score of 15 to 5 on the Antloch
diamond.
SALINAS, June 24.— A large assemblage
witnessed the baseball game here to-day
between the Ford & Sanborn nine and the
Castrovllle team. The game was the third
of the series and great rivalry existed be
tween the teams. Ford & Sanborn won
by a score of 16 to 1.
DECOTO. June 24.— The baseball game
to-day at Centerville between the Alliance
team of Oakland and the Centerville Ath
letic Club was won by the Alliance by a
score of 18 to 16. Both clubs difj some fine
work, but the Oakland team had the bet
ter pitcher. ,
VISAL.IA, June 24.— In the Valley Base
ball League Fresno defeated Vlsalia by a
score of 20 to 10. The game was univer
sally recognized as the poorest of the sea
son. The spectators were disgusted with
the lackadaisical playing of both teams.
SAN RAFAEL, June 24.— An exciting:
game of baseball was played here to-day
between the San Rafael nine and the Gee-
Kan Brothers' of Santa Rosa. The San
Rafael team won by a score of 6 to 3.
to right field and caught a fly with one
hand. Continuing, he ran to first base,
putting out the man who had left there.
Score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. e. f 5 0 ' 2 0 3 0 0
Lansre. 3b 4 0 110 0 0
Hutchlnson. lb 5 0 2 0 11 1 1
Moskiman, 1. f 6 0 0 0 J 0 0
Franks, s. f< 5 0 116 4 0
Arrellanes. 2b 4 110 6 6 1
Hardie. r. f... 3 0 11110
Mancerina, c 4 0 0 0 5 5 0
Steffani. p 3 0 2 0 0 1
Totals 3S 1 10 3 33 21 3
STOCKTON.
AB. n! BH. SR PO. A. E.
Strelb. lb 4 1 I 3 13 0 1
Babbitt. 2b 5 2 8 2 4 5 0
Lockhead, s. s 3 0 115 0 0
Pace, e 5 0 2 0 5 2 0
McCarthy, 1. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Moore. 3b 2 0 0 0 2 3.0
Courtney, c. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Morrcw, r. t 3 0,00200
Whalen, p 4 J) J) _0 JO _4 J>
Totals 34 3 7 6 33 14 1
r RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland 0 00 0 001000 fr- 1
Base hits 2110101101 2-10
Stockton 1 0 0 0 0 0 » J 0 0
Base hits 2010110000 2—7
« L .* . SUMMARY.
Run responoiWe for— Steffani. Three-base hit
—Pace Sacrifice hits — Lockhead. Hardie,
Lanfce, Steffanl. First base on errors—Stock
ton S First base on called balls — Oft Steffanl
5 Left on banes— Stockton 4. Oakland 7.
Double play— Drennan, unassisted. Struck out
—By Whalen 4, by Steffant 1. Time of game—
2 hours. Umpire— J. Donahue. Official scorer—
A. Harlln.
had left her home carrying with her a
parcel containing her jewelry valued at
$196. The three boys followed her and
when she reached an alley they seized
her and grabbed the package of jewelry-
They ran away and the woman at once
notified the police. Her husband hired
eight boys, paying them $2 each, to dis
cover tho thieves. They furnished him,
with the names of four youngsters whom
they claimed committed the robbery and
the arrest of Shea followed. The Chinese
merchant offered to pay the parents of
one of the boys $30 If the valuables were
returned and not prosecute the case
against him, but the jewelry had been sold
for $2 50 and could cot be returned. It has
since been nearly all recovered by the po
lice. There are two other boys, compan
ions of the four arrested, whom Gibson
and Hutchings expect to capture at any
moment.
"Everything seemed to be safe," said
the son in telling of the accident, "and
father left me at the tiller to go for
ward and let go the jib sheet, as that
Father and son started yesterday fore
noon, about 11:30, to indulge in their
usual Sunday pleasure, a sail about the
bay in a fourteen-foot skiff. A new suit
of eail? had been provided and as they
did not work quite satisfactorily the
father left his seat In the stern of the
boat to adjust part of the forward rig
ging:. The squall came on while he was
engaged in this work and the boat was
keeled over.
ONE of thope treacherous winds that
sometimes blows in Mission bay cap-
Fizcd a small craft off the Arctic
OH Works yesterday and the
drowning of David Hpheyihan, of Texas
street, near Army, the father of a family
of seven children, resulted. John Honey
man, For. of the drowned mr.n, also came
near lesine his life.
THREE small boys implicated In the
robbery of the wife of Quan
Ji Illng, a wealthy Chinese mer
chant living at 516 Washington
street, on June 14, were arrested by De
tective Ed Gibson and Police Officer
Hutchings yesterday afternoon and taken
to the City Prison, where they were book
ed for a public institution. Their names
are Ralph Amaraso, 12 years of age;
Charles Spano, 11. and Tony Chlrelll. 10.
Chirelii denies that he had anything to
do with the robbery, but the other two
admit their guilt. Frank Shea, another
of the boy robbers, was arrested about
a week ago and was held to answer by
Judge Fritz. He is 16 years of age and
will probably bo sent to the Whlttler Re
formatory. -;. ¦'•*:'-
The three boys arrested are waifs and
have been sent several times to public
Institutions. They are incorrigibles and
none of the institutions will gleefully re
ceive them again. They have been sleep
ing at nights under an old counter in a
vacant lot near Jackson street and Mont
gomery avenue. What to do with them is
a problem difficult to solve.
The Chinese woman who was robbed
last I ever saw or heard of him. He was
a good swimmer and I am not, and be
skles, I was entangled in the rigging. A
boat put out from Long Bridge and the
crew pulled me in." t
Witnesses of the accident on Long
Bridge state that they knew nothing un
usual had happened until they saw the
boats putting out to the rescue. They
saw the father sink beneath the waters.
With the exception of eighteen months
spent in the Klondike. David Honeyman
had been employed an a shipwright at
the I'nion Iron WorKs during the last
twelve years. He was a native of Scot
land, fifty-seven years of age, and was
a sober, industrious man. His son. em
ployed also as a shipwright by the same
firm, lies prostrated at his home, a few
doors above that of his father, stiffering
from nervousness caused by the shock.
Five of tho dead man's children were
entirely dependent on him for support.
The eldest daughter, not yet twenty years
of age, has had the home care of the
family since the death of the mother,
eight years ago. and her attempts to an
swer the agonizing appeals of her younger
brothers and sisters were heartrending.
Up to a late hour last evening those
dragging for the remains had met with
no success. A strong current was run
ning at the time of the accident, and pre
sumably the body has been carried some
distance.
THE DROWNED MAN. AND HIS
SON WHO ESCAPED.
pall was not drawing very well. We were
about 200 yards from our mooring place
then— just off the Arctic Oil Works. A
squall struck us just as father got for
ward and the boat keeled over, filling- with
water. When she righted both of us
were in the bay. He sung out to me to
hold on to the boat, and that was the
Frank McCorr.b'a big black greyhound
Royal Flush won his second stake within
a month yesterday at Union Cour?ing
Park. He had long- trials throughout the
day, and narrowly escaped defeat in the
deciding course, scoring 4 points to his
opponent's 3. HerschcKs Pride, which
had been showing Kroat speed each time
he ran. led the black wonder to the
hare, and secured the first turn. Flush
then scored two turns and the kill, thus
winning by a margin of 1 point. The win
ner met during: the day McKinloy. Rock
Island King, *Iaud S. Sara and White
head. The latter was expected to prove
the sensational course of the day, but
the hare favored Flush sufficiently to
allow him to win handily, shutting out
the Lopez crack.
Herschels Priiie proved the surprise of
the day. He led all the doers he met.
Including Kid McCoy, Candelaria. Master
Clalr, Patriot and even Royal Flush, the
ultimate winner.
The hares were not up to the quality of
those seen last week in the champion
stak*. although the tests were generally
satisfactory. There were the usual up
eets in the betting, but nothfne like tne
spectacular ones wr.ich marked the first
run-down en Saturday. Rural Artist boat
Warship at 3 to 1 in a snappy course by
a score of 3 points to 2: Battleship beat
Los Boy. 4 to l; Magic beat Bowery Boy.
:u° t o l; Sara, winner of the stake at
InrlP^ifie on Thursday, b-.-at Lottie M at
2 to I: Ben Lomond beat King Cotton, the
crack youngster cf Curtis' Xenr.els. win
ning by the kill, up to which urne the
score was even. Rural Artist was beaten
In the second round by Anchor at * .to 1.
Anchor is another prospective champion
in the. Curtis' Kennels. Sisquoo was u:i
in Ms rext course. The detailed results
of the running, with Judire Graces official
scores, follow:
C. B. Cnarle*wcrth-* Crawford Brae* hitC
W. Bonner* Wild Xorah. 6-0; J. Uran . sls
cuoc beat H. Lynch 1 * Lexington. K-C: FA.
ITcConib'B Patriot beat Pasha KennelF Round
About S-l-H. A. DeckeUamn** Lawrence beat
H rLVaofc-'. Emma M. 12-4. F. A. *<*;<>* b *
*ir Pubt beat IX Wirvier-s Lundln Links. 6-0,
55 F <Je B Lopez's Wanda beat J. J. Ken-
Aim beat J. Smith's Ma.-ter Workman Ij-1.
ESsSrt BSWSfcffiaWS &>&£
Kid McCoy lont P. Crania's Master Gordon
£l- O. W. Heinti's Herschel's Pride t*at h.
SchouV Semester. 5-0; Curtis & Sons Candj
larla beat 1: Winder's Bitter Attempt .-*>.
Captain «-'Urkson's Golden Carter fc-at I a*ha
Kennels' May Hempetead. 6-4; Lande & O«r
bVr's RUfflrf beat Curtis & Sons' Cavalier. 6-*:
t! j/cnmhV. Wild Tralee best nu^ell Allen
& t^nson 1 * Lady Emm*. C-0: Russtll Allen &
Wll*oi> Master Cialr beat Connell Bros*. d»
ver'2-0- T. Byrne's Battleship brat Connell
Bro* L^ Boy. 12-2; E. M. KellogKS Swrrt
EmrAa »*at J. Hurley's O K Capitol 6-5;
Aeneid Kennels* Apaafainon beat H. A. EMjCjt
*!ir.aji'i> BaVWbot, 4-3; ROOTell. Allen & WU
¦Otfa Magic beat O. Shanr-an's Bwery/Bo^
$-(>: R 11 de 15. L^r^z'x t-at II. Lynch •
Lottie 'm *~U K- m - KeiiosK's Hammer teu J.
Jsarten*-. Sally Bras*. S-4; R. E. de B Lopez s
Whitehead l*at It. L. Tay ! or s Beauty fc>pot
%A; 3. BchotfB Ktng'e Bon>r-r l-at Erwln .t
Lyon'B fc'llver Wir.Ks. f.-4; Kus?e'.l. Allen and
Wilson's Spiteful beat G. Abercrnrabie * v lotor
Kln^, "-J; G. Whitney's Th-rcn beat J. P.
Thrill's «. Michael. 7-1; Maher A: Reid's Bad,
>¦&£ beat Curtis & SOB* Old Clory. U-0; FA.
McCnirb-p Iloyal Flush beat Curti? & bons JIc-
Ktnley 4-2- G. Abercromble's Rock lslin.1 King
b.*t M London's Magneto, «-C: Pasha K-n
n*ls' Hural Artist beat P. J. P.eiU> t> '. ar
«hlp 2-2: Curtis & Sons' Anchor beat Bartelt
Bros. Beer Brewer. 3-2; Murphy «<; fr'arktnxon's
n.'n Lrmend beat CurtiB &- Sons' Kim eottcn.
1»-J; Curtis & Sons' Maud S beat J. V. Cnan
tilie'e Hot Fcot. 1V2.
Second jound— Crawford Brae?= b*at S'3quoc
3-5; Tatriot b*-at Lawrence. 5-2; rj r p.isha 1 eat
Wonda 6-1: F'T Glor>- beat Random Aim. C-4;
IlfTschel'a Pride beat Kid McCov. M: Cande
lwrla beat Golrtea Garter, 5-0; W:li Tn<!ro b^at
nier.zi, «-J; llapter Clair beat Battle«h!p. T.-3:
Afamcmnnn beat Pwcet Emma. r.-0; Sara beat
Marie I<-2- Whitehead a bye. Hummer ivlth
drawtr; Pplteful beat King's Borderer, 6-1:
Theron beat Bad Bc>y. f>-4; P.nya! Flush beat
Ilock Island Klr;£. »>-2: Arohor beat Rural
Artist S-S; Maud S beat Bt*n Lomond, 5-4.
Third round— Patriot beat Crawford Braes.
*-l: For Glory beat .Sir Pasha, 7-C: Herschel's
Pride b«»at Candelaria. 6-1: Master Clair beat
Wild Tralee, 6-0; Sara beat Agamemnon, 6-0;
Whitehead beat Fpltpful. 6-0; Anchor beat
.Theron. 4-3; Royal Flush beat Maud P. 5-0.
Fourth round— Patriot beat For Glory. S-3:
Hersohel's Pride beat Master Clair. 4-0; Royal
Flush beat ?ara. 4-0; Whitehead beat Anchor,
t-0.
Fifth round— Kerschel's Prid? beat Patriot,
C-Cf Boral Flush beat Whitehra-1. S-0.
Decldin* course-F. A. McCcmb'i Royal
Flush <HkyrookPt-B!acktlrd) beat O. W.
ll*li.tz's liert-rhel's l'ride (Persi'nn.on-Liglu
fect). 4-i.
Defeats Herschel's Pride In the Pccid
ing Course at Union Park by a
Margin of One
Point.
Frank Me Comb's Black
Greyhound Runs in
Great Form.
ROYAL FLUSH IS
AGAIN A VICTOR
IN OPEN STAKE
STOCKTON. June 24— Stockton beat
Oakland to-day In a" sensational game of
eleven innings by a score of ,3 to L The
feature of the game was the double play
of Drennan unassisted. He ran clear over
Oakland Loses at Stockton.
Runs responsible . for— Devereaux 3. v Home
run— Krug. Two-base hit»-Eagan, Hlldebrand.
Schwartz. . McLaughlin, Pabst. Reltz. Sacri
fice hit — Devereaux. First base on errors — San
Francisco 1. Sacramento 3. First base on call
ed balls— San Francisco 1, Sacramento 6. Left
on bases— San Francisco 5, -•¦ Sacramento 8.
Struck out— By FUzpfttrick I, by Devereaux 4.
Passed ball— Sullivan. Time of frame— 1:55.
Umpire — Graves.. Official Scorer— It. S. Mc-
SAN FRANCISCO.
AR R- BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Broekhoff. cf 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Hlldebrand, rf 4 1. 1 1 1 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 0 10 1 8 1
Sullivan, c. 4 0 X 0 3 3,0
Pabst. lb 4 1 1 0 13 0 0
Rcltz, s. s 4 1 2 0 13 1
Krugv If 3 110 0 0 1
Reilly. 3b. 4 0 0 0 3 11
FiUpatrick, p 3 0 0 0 0 8 0
Levy. If 10 0 1 1 0 0
Totals '.....35 4 8 2 27 18 4
SACRAMENTO. : ~- f j"_.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
McLaujrhlln. If. .... 5 0 2 11 1 1
Devereaux. p. 4 2 1 1 0 2 1
Eagan, 3b 3 2 30 1 .. 8 0
Hanlon, s. s.. 3 1 0, 0 2 2 1
Stanley, e 4 110 4 0 1
Doyle, c. f ....4*0 0 0 3 0 0
Shanahan. lb. ...... 3 0 0 0", 14 0 0
Stultz. 2b 4 0 1 0 1 0, 1
Dennie, rf 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
Totals .31 0 7 2 27 14 6
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 2 0 0 0 0* 0 0 4 0—6
Base hits 00 1 010-140—7
San Francisco 0 0 0 1 0 0 8 0 1—4
Base hits ....0 0 12 0 12 0 2—8
There was another bad inning: for the
fireman, who was scattered all over the
field in the eighth for several different
varieties of hits. The four runs made In
this Inning gave Sacramento the game.
Devereaux was on the slab for Sacra
mento and he gave a creditable perform
ance In twirling. The errors on both
sides were plenty enough. In the eighth
Krug struck hla fist against the shed
fence in left field and was replaced by
Rube Levy. Tho score is:
In the Eeventh Inning Heine Krug re
deemed himself for an error In the first
by losing the ball over the left field fence.
Reitz was sunning himself on second, and
these two resulting runs gave Frisco the
lead.
It was not "a bit of hard luck" that
lost the game for the local "team yester
day morning at Oakland, but some off
the-carth twirling by Fltzpatrick In the
first inning, when he filled the bases by
not keeping hi3 wicks trimmed to the ne
cessities of the plate, was responsible.
Two men were forced over the rubber by
the fireman's penchant for balls, not a
single hit being made.
Sacramento 6, San Francisco 4.
GAME ACROSS THE BAY.
Runs responsible for— Iburgr 3. Hughes 1.
Three-base hit— Hanlon. Two-base hits— Mc-
Laughlln, Doyle. Krup, Sullivan. Sacrifice
hit— Stultz. First base on errors— Sacrampnto
2 San Francisco 2. First base on called balls
—Sacramento 2, San Francisco 4. Left on bases
—Sacramento 9. San Francisco 11. Struck out
—By Iburg 4, by Hugh«i 8. Double plays—
Stultz to Easan to Hanlon: Hughes to Stan
ley to Hanlon; Reilly to Pabst to Reilly.
Passed ball— Stanley. Time of game— 2:10. Um
pire—Graves. Official Scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlln. if 5 1 1 0 3 0 0
Devereaux. 3b 6 12 0 13 0
Hasan, s. s... 4 12 0 2 8 1
HushPs. p 5 0 10 0 3 0
Hanlon. fb 4 2 I 1 12 0 0
Stanley, c 5 2 2 16 3 0
Doyle, rf 6 0 3 0 0 0 0
Shanahan. cf 6 0 10 10 1
Stultz, 2b 3 0 0 0 2 J J>
Totals « 7 U 2 27 16 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, cf 4 0 0 10 0 0
Hlldebrand, rf 4 0 0. 0 4 0 0
Schwartz. 2b. 5 0 3 0 0 0 2
Sullivan, c 5 0.1 0 4 0 2
Pabst lb 3 1119 10
Reltz, s. s 4 0 2 0 8 2 1
Krug. if 3 12 0 3 0 2
Reilly, 3b. 4 0 10 4 7 0
Iburg. p 4 0 0 0 0 J j)
Totals SG 2 10 2 27 12 7
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 3001002 2—7
Base hits 1 3 0 12 12 2 2-14
£an Francisco 0 00100010—2
Base hlta 1 2 0 2 1112 0-10
SUMMARY
SACRAMENTO.
The last of the fourth was a maelstrom
of excitement. Sullivan started the ball
rolling by a two-bagger, but was soon
afterward caught napping off the bag.
Pabst walked, to first, to the great glee
of the fans, and a hit by Reitz sent him
to second. Krug followed with a four
ball constitutional to llrst, and the sacks
were then crowded. It was up to .Josh
Reilly to do something. Finding a ball to
his liking he let drive, and away it went
to far center. To the great surprise. of all
Shanahan dropped it and Pabst crossed
the rubber. A double play ended the
inning. Iburg hitting to Hughes, who shut
out Keitz at the plate by throwing home
and Iburg was beaten out at first.
In the fifth inning the champions added
another run. McL.augh.lin worked off a
double on Iburg and scored on an error in
an attempted double play between Reilly
and Schwartz, whose error was account
able for the run. •
In the eighth Sacramento unloosened on
Iburg again, and before Frisco came to
the benches Hanlon and Stanley had
crossed the rubber. In the latter part of
this inning Uncle's men did a few things.
A double by Krug and a single by Reilly
gave Frisco their second run.
The ninth ! meant two extra runs for
the champions. The score:
Umpire Graves needs an oculist. Some
thing ails his eyes; At any rate he saw
things yesterday that didn't happen and
missed others that did. Some of the fa
natics in the stand swear that he was so
blind that he didn't see the remarkable
work of Reilly at short, who ate up
everything: that came within a league
or two of his mitts, or the marvelous
catch of Shanahan In the first Inning,
when he turned the corner of the center
field fence and after a contortlonal twist
pulled the ball down with his left fist.
Then there were double plays of big cal
iber, hits of eood range and enough errors
to keep the crowd guessing. Yet with
it all Uncle Hank is sad, for he captured
not one of the series of three. What the
local team needs forms a too extended list
to be treated of in a single chapter.
The second inning gave the small boy
on the Scoreboard something to do. Han-
Ion rolled the ball along the third base
line and before he stopped in his sack
career he was on third. Then Stanley
slammed the ball hard to Reilly, who
threw home to stave off Hanlon, but Sul
livan dropped the sphere and one run was
registered, Stanley being safe on lirst. A
hit by Doyle sent Stanley to third and
another by Shanahan scored him. That
was all the run getting In this innning.
"Just like the old days," was the
thought of the fanatics at the baseball
game yesterday afternoon up to the
eighth inning. At times the crowd j' and
the players oalpitated with excitement
and partisanship, and even the umpire,
he of the tombstone name, made It inter
esting by a number of questionable, de
cisions that Intensified the Interest of the
crowd and once drew forth heated Im
precations from the throat of the Irish
lad, Mr. Sullivan of Hankville.
Sacramento 7, San Francisco 2.
Feverish. Baseball at Recreation Park
Which Was of Good Quality
Until the Eighth and
Then Bad.
The Champions Get Three
Straight Games Out of
the Last Series.
HARRIS IS THE
SUPREME LOSER
OF THE LEAGUE
Lowe & Thompson's Scotch Reel beat J. I.
O'Brien's Wandering Tom, 5-2; Farley Broth
ers" Morse Patrol beat Lowe A Thompson's
Over the Border, 6-3; Lowe & Thompson's St.
Oran beat S. Bandy's Lady Hugo. 5-2: Maher
& Reid'a Singleton beat J. Potter's Falinflower,
2-1.
Third roand — Snapper Garrison beat Terronlte,
14-10: Belle Claire beat Remus, 12-2; Lowlander
beat Miss Allen. 6-4; Chicago Boy beat Master
Lawrence 9-7; Daisy Claire beat Cliff Wilson,
14-«; Miss Penman beat Twilight Jr., 3-2;
Naughty Girl beat Beniela Boy, 8-0: Scotch
Reel a bye; Tea Rose beat Morse Patrol, 13-5;
St Oran beat Singleton. 10-T.
Fourth round — Belle* Claire beat Snapper Gar
rison, 8-2; Chicago Boy beat Lowlander. 10-4;
Daisy Claire beat Miss Penman, 9-4; Naughty
Girl beat Scotch Reel, 4-0; Tea Rose beat St.
Oran. 20-7.
Fifth round— Naughty Girl beat Bell* Claire.
7-4; Daisy Clatre a bye: Tea Ros» a bye.
Sixth round— Daisy Clalr» beat Te* Rose,
11-4; Naughty Girl a bye.
Final— Daisy Claire beat Naughty Girl, 1-4.
Tea Rose made a good showing, reach-
Ing third position in the stake. Scotch
Reel and Nauphty Girl gave the specta
tors a good exhibition course. The dogs
ran nose and nose to the hare and after
much in and out work Xaughty Girl got
the kill. Scotch Reel's running was a sur
prise, and had he won this courso his
chances would have been good for tha
final. Monogram beat Jlmmie Anthony at
1 to 4 in a course lasting three minutes.
Naughty Girl, three tiine3 a winner, and
five other short ends constituted tha
pikers' soft snaps. The day's results fol
low with Judg-e P. J. Rellly'3 official
scores:
Open itake, second roend— 3X. Xflchnikt's Terw
ronite beat A. Frank's Loiterer, 1S-7: J. Mort.
arity'a Bnapper Garrison beat Dan O'Connell'a
Satan, 4-0: Russell. Allen & Wilson's Bella
Claire beat J. K. Carter'i H!gh Jinks, 13-0;
J. Potter's Remus beat S. Hansen's L» S. Con
ley. 11-5; Russell. Allen & Wilaon'a Miss Alias
beat J. Morlartty's Kittleman. 14-1; A. John
son's Lowlander beat Kelly & Han!ey*s Baby
King 1 , lo 2; J. Sutton's Master Lawrence boat
J. Kennedy's Ever Sure. 1CM: Russell. Allen
& Wilson's Chicago Boy beat Lowe & Thomp
son's Cora Pearl. 10-2; J. W. Woods' Clilt Wil
son beat J. Farrell's Cash Day. 11-7: Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Daisy Claire beat P. Perry*»
England. 10-0; Captain Cane's Mls» Penman
beat A. Johnson's Bald E"af?le. 8-7; D. Toland"»
Twilight Jr. beat D. Dillon" s Europa, 12- J; P.
Brophy'B Eenicla Boy beat B. F. Jackson'*
Krajf-Jorsenson, 6-4; A. Van den Burs'*
Naughty Girl beat A. L. Austin's Firm Fo«,
5-4: George Breuhn's Monogram beat J. Mori
arity's Jlmmie Anthony, 16-6; T. TIerney'a Tea
Rose beat Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal. 4-2;
Monogram and Chicago Doy, on account
of the severe work given to them, had
to be withdrawn from the stake. St. Oran
broke down completely and will be retired
to the stud. Naughty Girl did some clever
work in the stake and surprised the tal
ent by her persistent running. The plkera
laid up considerable money through her
performances. Three times she landed on
the short end and In the final a good,
play was made on her chances.
The winner displayed her good staying
qualities throughout the stake, and to her
credit It can be said that all her races
were severe tests. »
Russell, Wilson & Allen's Daisy Claire
•won tbe deciding- round of the open stake
at Ingleside Coursing Park yesterday
with A.Vanden Burg's Naughty Girl &3
runner-up. Hard coursing was the day's
feuture. A lively lot of hares gave the
well matched dogs many hard runs before
the programme was finished.
Sard Coursing' "Was the Day's Fea
ture, a Bunch of Fast Hares
Giving Hounds Some
ILongj Runs.
The Fast Flier Captured the
Ingleside Stake From
Naughty Girl.
IT WAS SPEEDY
DAISY CLAIRE'S
DAY FOR GLORY
David Honeyman Drowned in Mission
Bay While Pleasure Sailing
SUDDEN BLOW UPSET
THEIR SMALL CRAFT
Hunted Down by a Chinese Sher
lock Holmes, Whose Wife
They Had Robbed.
THREE BOY WAIFS
JAILED FOR THEFT
THE SAN ..FRANCISCO. CALL, MONDAT, JUNE 25, 1900.
6
YOUTHFUL HIGHWAYMEN WHO
WILL. BE SENT TO REFORM
SCHOOLS. f
NAME. ?P^ 12 3 rjg p «• •
• H. : • i :
Younjj 99 83.4 $6 72.6 79.3 ....
Halght 85 91 88 73.4 80.8 ......
Huyck 103 88.4 91 71.8 81.4
MuJler 90 91 83.4 86.8 85
Golcher 98% 9J 87 79.2 S3 1
Ivovett 117 94 93 79.2 S6.1 86 4
Everett 100 61.4 £6.4 74.2 80.S .. ,
Brotherton ..„ 113 84.8 90 76.S S3. 4 90 i
Hrooks 103 75.4 82.4 59.2 70.9 84
Mansfleld 95.8 .8S.4 77.6 82.4 86.4
Stratton S3 65 85.8 65.9 75.9 69
Foulks 91 85 86.8 66. S 76.S ...
Battu 94 86.8 S3 67.6 80.3 67
NAME. ?P^ 12 3 rjg p «• •
• H. : • i :
Younjj 99 83.4 $6 72.6 79.3 ....
Halght 85 91 88 73.4 80.8 ......
Huyck 103 88.4 91 71.8 81.4
MuJler 90 91 83.4 86.8 85
Golcher 98% 9J 87 79.2 S3 1
Ivovett 117 94 93 79.2 S6.1 86 4
Everett 100 61.4 £6.4 74.2 80.S .. ,
Brotherton ..„ 113 84.8 90 76.S S3. 4 90 i
Hrooks 103 75.4 82.4 59.2 70.9 84
Mansfleld 95.8 .8S.4 77.6 82.4 86.4
Stratton S3 65 85.8 65.9 75.9 69
Foulks 91 85 86.8 66. S 76.S ...
Battu 94 86.8 S3 67.6 80.3 67
The average salary paid to Methodist
preachers in the United States last year
was $4i3 35.
Oriental physicians have practiced vac-
clcaticn for over 1000 years.
A mammoth tuR ia being built to crush
ice on the "Soo 1 ' River. .It will be 115 feet
lone, 20 feet wide and will plow through
twelve inches of solid Ice at six miles an
bcur. . ,:¦:¦ : --: •Caught Bobbing a Drunken Bailor.
D«ath of Donald Macdonald.
BERKELEY, June 24.— Donald Macdon
ald, an old resident of Berkeley, died to
day at noon at his homp. 2120 Catherine
street. He was a native of Scotland, affed
75 years. Besides a widow the deceased
leaves eight daughters. The funeral will
be held next Tuesday morning at 9 o'clock
from the house, and at 9:30 o'clock solemn
high requiem mass will be celebrated at
St. Joseph's Church.
Greyhounds for the Show.
From all Indications the forthcoming
dog- show at Sacramento, in conjunction
with the State Kair. will be a great sue
cees. Particular efforts are being made
to secure a full representation of the
coursing men. something which has not
been done at recent shows. D. M. Simp
son visited Ingrleslde Park yesterday and
secured many promises of support from
owners of greyhound". He will visit
Union Park next week on the same mis
sion.
Baseball Challenges.
The Belasco & Harris baseball team de
feated Company O. Heavy Artillery, yes
terday at the Presidio grounds by a score
of 15 to 2. The winning team challenges
any nine in the State, through its man
ager J. S. Lewis, 704 Golden Gate avenue.
11 E. Flahaut, manager of Koenig's
Baseball Club, is out with a challenge to
play anv nine In California outside the
California League. He desires the gate
receipts to be siven some charitable in-
Btitution.
Colored Lothario Arrested.
Walter Reese, a colored man who eloped
from Stockton some time ago with The
rcsa Turner, wife of Jim Turner, the col
ored prize fighter, was arrested last night
bv Sergeant Donovan and Officers Peters
and Bell on a warrant charging him with
failure to provide for his family and va
rrancy Reese left a wife and two chil
dren in Stockton when he eloped with
Theresa, hence the warrant issued by the
Stockton police.
POET COOK WAS HAUGHTY.
Met Her Match in a Woman Who
Writes for Newspapers.
A South Side woman who writes poetry
also runs a fancy cooking establishment.
Both occupations are managed with fine
Impartiality, and the right hand never
knows what the left hand does. The
cooking establishment is never even re
motely referred to by the lady's friends
and calling acquaintances. One uncon
ventional caller did . get so far once as
saying:
-Oh, Mrs. B.. please send me $3 worth
of your chocol "
"My secretary. If you please," inter
jected the poet-cook' nastily and haught
ily, and the two women have not been on
speaking terms since, .
A newspaper writer who knew nothing
of these esthetic distinctions wrote an ar
ticle on "Fancy Cookery," and mentioned
Mrs. B. as a talented exponent of the
womanly art. A few days afterward the
poet-cooK and the newspaper woman met
in a tearoom downtown.
"It seems to me 1 have seen your face
before." Bald the poet-cook.
The newspaper writer has a poor mem
ory for faces and had to confess herself
at a loss.
"Oh, now I remember," said the poet
cook, reddening, "you are the person who
wrote that horrid article In which you
called me a cook! Me a cook!" and Bhe
groaned. "Yes. I know. I told you about
ft, 'but I never thought you would , use
names. I thought when I first saw you
that there was something peculiarly dis
agreeable In my recollections."
"I am very sorry you look at It In that
way," said the writer, and they talked
It out over the teacups. ,3K&
"Well. I suppose that you'll always
think of me as an unpleasant, fault-find
ing creature," said the po«t-cook as they
parted. - .
"Oh, no, rejoined the newspaper writer,
"merely as a woman of rather narrow
outlook. Touknow.whea I do any. work
I'm . not ashamed of ! It, and when I'm
ashamed of it I don't do it. That's all,
thank you."— Chicago Inter Ocean.
Neglects Her Children.
Mrs. Margaret Skelly, 309 Third street,
was arrested yesterday by Officer Cole
man of the Pacific Coast Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
cruelty to her offspring. The children
one 9 years of age and the other 3— were
sent to the Youths' Directory. Coleman
found the room in which they lived in' a
filthy condition. Empty beer and whisky
bottles were scattered about. The wo
man has not been living with her hus
band, a longshoreman, since last August.
Broke the Conductor's Nose.
Conductor R. W. Sinclair of the Fol
sora-street trolley line has his nose In a
sling from the effects of a collision with
five young rowdies who rode on his car
on Saturday night. The young toughs
were on their way home after getting on
the outside of a cargo of steam beer,
when a difficulty arose over their fares.
The conductor, ever watchful that the
company he represents shall lose nothing
by jovial passengers, demanded full fare
from the pporty youths. This was dis
puted to puch an extent as to precipitate
a row, in which the conductor found his
nasal organ dislodged from its center of
gravity to one side of his face, where It
swelled to three times its normal size,
preventing him from looking at objects
straight. As a result of this the five
rowdies got away from him, but the
period of liberty was brief. Officers Per
cival and Brown gave them a ride on the
patrol wagon. When arraigned at the
prisoners' desk of the Seventeenth-street
police station they gave the. names of
George F. Ewing. Cnarlea McLaughlin,
James Terry, Dan Gleason and Fred
Walters. A charge of battery was placed
oppof4te their names on the prison sheet,
and to-day they will be given an oppor
tunity to tell one of the Police Judges
how it all happened.
MONAI>NOCK NOT TO GO.
WASHINGTON, June 24.— The order
contemplating the sending of the monitor
Monad nock to Taku was countermanded,
to-day. Admiral Remey reported that
the vessel had been stripped of her offi
cers, presumably for duties on the other
vessels, and for this and other reasons It
was not deemed advisable to send her.
Chief among these reasons, is the fact
that the typhoons now raging In the
eastern seas would make a voyage of
such a ship as the Monadnock, with her
low freeboard, very uncertain.
"The Oxford Movement"
Henry Austin Artams will lecture next
•Wednesday evening at Metropolitan Tem
ple on the "Oxford Movement." The lec
ture will be In aid of the building fund of
St Paul's Church. Tickets have been
placed at 25 cents, reserved seats 25 cents
extra Tickets and reserved seats may be
secured at the residence of the clergy of
St Paul's Church, 312 Twenty-ninth
street: at the Monitor offlce, Flood build
ing: at 18 McAllister street, or will be sent
to any address by Father Connolly In an
swer to telephone Mission 291.
CAN'T FREEZE MICROBES.
The researches of Professor Dewar on
liquid air are familiar to all who take an
interest in the progress of scientific re
search at large. At a recent Royal Society
meeting an interesting communication
was made on behalf of Dr. A. Macfadyen
and Mr. S. Rowland on the effect of the
terrifically low temperature of liquid air
on microbes. The aim of the investigators
was that of ascertaining whether the
germs could survive cold of a degree
ranging from 1S3 to 192 degrees Centi
grade.
It is of course known that many specle3
of microbes can survive being packed In
ice, and even higher organisms nourish In
the Arctic Circle. Indeed, the extremes
of temperature for low forma of life are
widely separated, and so It becomes a
matter of practical public Interest, as I
shall show, to determine where the limits
of vitality In this respect are to be found.
The low temperature of liquid air offered
a supreme chance to see how microbes
comported themselves under exposure
thereto, and so our investigators seized
on tho opportunity presented them.
Exposed for twenty hours to the liquid
air temperature no injury was apparently
sustained by the microbes. But in the re
cent experiments such germs as those of
typhoid fever,' diphtheria, anthrax, chol
era and other ailments, along with non
dipease producing species, were submit
ted to the liquid air test for seven days.
In addition to the excessively low temper
ature I must add the microbes In this ex
periment wese subjected to a tremendous
mechanical strain.
Then came the question of the effects
of both conditions on the vitality of the
germs. These results may be summed up
in the word nil. Under the microscopes
they showed no signs of mechanical in
jury or distortion, and they were as lively
—if that term may be applied to denote
a condition of \-ltality — as they were pre
vlous to their chilling and cooling experi
ences.
I have referred to the public Interest
which attaches to these Investigations.
To know the limits of germ life Is an
essential Item in the knowledge of the
sanitarian when he undertakes to show
how infectious diseases caused by micrpb
ic action can be destroyed and prevented
from attacking us.
It has been lone known that we cannot
trupt to cold as a disinfecting and germ
killing agency. Cold will check germ
growth certainly, a fact we see Illustrated
by every cargo of Australian mutton that
Is landed at the docks, but It cannot de
stroy the microscopic living things that
are responsible for inducing disease, and
for causing decomposition, putrefaction
and a goodly number of other conditions
beneficial and the reverse.
. The investigations I have described con
firm fully the sanitary teachings about
cold. They also emphasize another little
bit of useful Information— namely, the
difference between a substance that really
kills ¦ germs and one . that * merely
"scotches" them.
Were this distinction more clearly ap
prehended by the public we should prob
ably hear less frequently of mysterious
outbreaks of epidemics. . which probably
owe their origin as much to Inefficient
disinfection as to any other . piece of
human negl!gence.--London Express.
Injured in Saloon Bow.
OAKLAND. June 21.— A Sunday morn-
Ing row at Captain W. A. Gardiner's sa
loon. San Pablo avenue and thirty-seventh
street, gave the Receiving Hospital at
tendants a job to-day. William Barker, a
burly horseshoer residing near Gardiner's
resort, became engaged In an altercation
with the proprietor. In the mtxup Gar
diner laid open Barker's scalp with a mm.
let. Barker was removed to the Receiving
Hospital, where several stitches were
taken In his damaged head.
Has Attack of Pneumonia, From
Which His Doctors Say He
Will Not Becover.
Patrick Reddy. the well-known attor
ney. Is lingering- between life and death
at his home, 2717 Pacific avenue. Dread
pneumonia has him in Its clutches and
his physicians hold out little hope for his
recovery-
Mr. Reddy has been confined to his bed
for the last month and It is feared that
he trill never be able to leave it to re
sume his practice. The news of his criti
cal condition will be received with regret
by his friends. The many who have been
assisted by him at various times will also
be greatly grieved to learn that their
generous benefactor Is close to death's
door. Doctors Albert Abrams and H. C.
Sawyer are In constant attendance and
doing all that science can do to save their
patient's life, but they look upon his ul
timate recovery as hopeless.
PATRICK REDDY LIES
CLOSE UNTO DEATH
BOXING CONTESTS AT
WEST OAKLAND CLUB
OAKLAND, June 24.— The "West Oakland
Athletic Club will give a boxing tourna-
merit next Wednesday evening at Its
rooms, corner Eighth and "Wood streets.
There will be two ten-round contests and
one four-round go. The matches are be
tween M. Welsh of Alameda and George
Iqgersoll of the Reliance Athletic Club,
T.'Heman of tian Francisco and J. Little
of San Francisco and Mike McClure of
San Francisco and Dave Berry of San
Francisco.
HENRY HAYES COMMITS
SUICIDE WITH REVOLVER
Despondency Through Being Sepax-
ated From Family Thought
to Be the Cause.
Henry Hayes, a dairyman in the em
ploy of Alvord Reynolds at 17 Franklin
street, committed suicide at an early hour
this morning by shooting himself in the
right side of the head. His employer
heard the shot, and after a search found
Hayes lying in one of the stalls of the
stable in the rear of the house. Hayes
was jetlll alive, and his employer had him
hurried to the Receiving Hospital, where
he died soon after his arrival.
The deceased was about 50 years of age,
and leaves a wife and four children liv
ing in South San Francisco.
Despondency, caused by being separated
from his family. Is thought to have been
the cause of his act. Hayes once before
tried to end his life.
BERKELEY, June 24.— A decision Is ex
pected now from the Supreme Court of
California which will settle once for all
the validity of the Berkeley Justice
Court. Four liquor cases were appealed
from the Superior Court of Alameda
County about a month ago on the ground
that the Justice Court here was Invalid.
These cases may possibly be reversed,
owing to the fact that evidence showing
that a special census had been taken in
this city for the establishment of the
court had not been introduced. A de
cision of this sort will not, however, af
fect any of the other cases or the court.
In speaking of the decision, which Is ex
pected early next week. Town Attorney
Brewton A. Hayne said that there was no
reason to believe that the Berkeley court
was in danger. Justice Robert Edsrar.
who has been struggling at the head of
Berkeley's uncertain court since Its re-es
tablishment last July, feels that the de
cision of the Superior Court will be up
held and Berkeley justice placed on a sure
footing. '¦ M _
The four appealed cases are those of T.
F McN'araara. Chris Schlenker, George
Fedderwltz and D>. Xewell.
LEGALITY OF BERKELEY'S
COURT IS IN QUESTION
Local Colony Celebrates the National
Holiday in Grand Style at
Sh^ll Mound.
Every member of tho local Scandinavian
colony" was at Shell Mound Park yester
day, the occasion being the annual Swed
ish National Day celebration, under the
auspices of the Swedish-American Pa
triotic League. Great preparation had
been made for the occasion. Captain
Siebe, proprietor of the park, having dec
orated the buildings, arbors and pavil
ions with the colors of many nations.
Swedish and American national airs were
rendered by an orchestra with pleasing
effect. Dr. 0. Gruggel. president of the
society opened tho exercises with a few
appropriate remarks. Alex Olsson deliv
ered an interesting oration in the lan
guage of his people. Then the fun began.
Dancing was kept up in the pavilion all
day. There were races for young and old
and appropriate prizes for the winners.
One of the features was the dancing
around the May pole, which was decor
ated with evergreen and wreaths.
During the day there was a voting con
tent to eee who would be the Queen or
the Day. Although a number of young
ladies were competitors for the honor
Miss Elvira Henrikson, whose admirers
gave her nearly 800 votes, was the vic
tor. By this time evening had arrived
and the young queen was crowned amid
the applause of the crowd. She was seat
ed in a litter covered by a canopy of ever
green and bunting and with the band,
committees, maids of honor and assem
bly pages a merry parade was taken
around the park. During the parade the
sky was made bright with fireworks, red
fire roman candles, etc. The festivities
lasted until late in the evening and sev
eral tableaux were presented before the
time to hasten homeward arrived. The
affair was under rhe direction of the fol
lowing committees:
Arrangement — (Officers of the Patriotic
League), Dr. O. Gruffgel, president: Mrs. S.
Hanson, vice president; Alexander Olsson, sec
retary G. Petterson. treasurer; Joseph Oker
blad D Molander and J. S. Nelson, trustees.
Reception— R. Dybenr. H. Brunell. C. Arm
strong N. G. Lindffren. A. M. Wallin. P.
Brask, John Helmer. O. Forsberg-.
Decoration— L. Gisslow (chairman), Joseph
Okerblad W. Gustafson, J. Nelson, Mrs. 8.
Hanson Mrs. G. R. Llndberjr. Mrs. Ch. San
dahl Mrs Aup. Olson. Mrs. E. Ongman. Mrs.
G. Petterson, Miss E. Johnson.
Voting contest— A. L. Anderson, Q. O. Ry
den. Axel Ongman. !
Carnival— Joseph Okerblad (chairman), as
sisted by the decoration committee.
Fireworks— Alex Olsson. R- Dybergr.
Floor manager, D. Molander; assistant floor
manager. Emil Hcgberg. Floor coramlttee-H.
P. Forsberg, Uno Larson, C. Gardelius. Anton
Carlson.
MERRY REUNION OF
SWEDISH CITIZENS
MANY CHILDREN RECEIVE
THEIR FIRST COMMUNION
Impressive Services Held at St.
Paul's and St. Boniface's
Catholic Churches.
Sixty-four boys and girls received their
firpt communion at St. Boniface's Church
on Golden Gate avenue yesterday morn
ing. Solemn high mass was celebrated at
9 o'clock by Rev. Father Maximilian, with
Rev. Father Augustine -as deacon and
Rev. Father Phlllbcrt as sub-deacon. The
children marched in procesion from the
schoolhouse to the church under the guid
ance of Rev. Father Vitalis O. F. M.. of
the Indian mission of Lake County. After
the gospel the youthful commulcants
received the blessed sacrament for the
Rev. Father Maximilian then addressed
them on the solemn character of the day
and exhorted them to recognize the great
gift by living a pure life and to recei .Yf
the sacrament often. The children also
renewed their baptismal vows and made
their profession of faith anew. Those
who received communion were:
\V. Baumeister, George Borrmann, Lou's
Brucker. Carl Creyer, Josef Dernbach, Joseph
Detunter, V. Ehrmann, E. Freyermuth^ J.
Hunner, J. Koenig, J. Kaestner. P. Kuhl
mann, T. Nealon, W. Otterstedt, R. Ruegg,
C. Rust J. Sprengrer. L. Steffen. J. StenKer,
W. Straub J. Taylor, G. Trapp. H. Thlemann,
Max Karp," J. Unslm. J. Vetter. T. Yonah. H.
Weber. A. Welssenbach. Pauline Ambruska,
Etnll Babzer Alma Baumann, Adeline Brucker,
Viola Denges, E. Uernback, P. Dettwiler, Rosa
Goette. C. Hunner. Rosa Jacobl, J. Koch J.
Kramer. Anna Lang, Pearl Lalsy, G. Madden.
A. Mohr, M. McGuire. G. Neugebauer. A.
Parsch. H. Pfeffer. Marie Rausch. Rosa Reich
muth Wllbelmina Rober, C. Rode. U Scholle,
E. Schunk. M. Thiemann. M. Prosak, A. Ulee
mer, E. Wn»de and M. Zlmmer.
Jn the evening the children gathered
in the schoolhouse again, where they
were invested with the noly scapular and
received into the sodalities of St. Louis
and St. Claire. Vespers and solemn ben
ediction were then held in the church.
More than a hundred boys and girls re
ceived their first communion at St. Paul s
Church, at Twenty-ninth and Church. A
solemn high mass was celebrated at 8
o'clock by Rev. Father Kennedy, and
Fathers Connolly and Hennesey acted as
deacon and sub-deacon respectively. Dur
ing the mass hymns were sung by the
church boys' choir, which were Joined In
by all the communicants. Father Con
nolly made a short address during the
service, urging the children to live up to
their religion and to be regular communi
cants The following named boys ajid
girls received their first communion:
John Sweeney. Marcus Donnellon, Marion
Cohn Frank Lane, George Hahn, James Mc-
Grath. Roy Goutry, James Buckley, James Mc-
Namara. William O'Nell. Bryan O'Connor.
Jeremiah Lorden, James Lewis John ttlnn,
Eddie Eulllvan, Charles Keane, John Mitchell,
George Collins, Beverly Smith. Joe Kiernan,
Joe Svectman, John MofTat. Clinton Smith.
Charles McDevltt. Dan Ryan, John Harney,
Charles McDonnell, Rudolph Speckman, Wil
liam Black, Ray Farrell, Harry Hart
man, Edward Mullen, M. Ix>wd, Frank
Collins, Joe Mullen, James Raymond.
William Ahern, Fred CJimminKs. Eddie
Molloy Joe Hayden, Roy Thompson. Richard
Ross John Murray, Willie Farley, Frank
French, Harry Buckley, Gua Flannagan,
Thomai Hagerty, William Gwln. Catherine
Murphy Mary Ashe, Frances Callun. Gertrude
Whitesi'de, Mary Crampton, Margaret Leddy,
Mary Warde, Evelyn Harrington, Margaret
Terry Alice Loftus, Elizabeth Murray, Mary
Kelleher. Lillian Coodes. Agmes Smith, Lovetta
Moore Marguerite French, Alice McKenna,
Gertrude Ryan, Catherine Cronan. Florence
Daly, Mary Connor, Margaret Anderson, Bertha
Caug'hey. Stella Healey, Xellie Loran, Isabel
Magulre. May Welch. Annie Hurley, Grace
Woodward, Ellen Bodeman, Mary Murphy.
Kate Hlckey, Ellen Dowllng, Alice Doran.
Gertrude Morrlssey, Clara Krackel and Loveta
Kane.
Baseball a Feature^ — An Old Man
Injured — Fun at Chutes
and Baths.
San Francisco's population went en
masse to the park and beach and other
pleasure places yesterday. The attraction
at the park was a ball game between the
Golden Gates and the Dan P. Carters. The
Carters came out victorious after a rous
ing game by a score of 6 to 4. Broadhurst
of the Carters landed two home runs dur
ing the game, and Barnett, who played
left field for the same team, trotted once
around the diamond while the opposing
team chased the sphere through the trees
that backed right field.
A "kid" team from Newman & Levin
son's went to the diamond with the Pep
pers. At the end of the game the score
stood about 4S to S6, but as each side
claimed the victory neither can be cred
ited with the same.
But one accident occurred during the
day. Mr. Schubert of 3017 Sixteenth street
was struck by Halght street car No. 167
just as it was leaving the Stanyan street
turntable and seriously injured. In addi
tion to a severe scalp wound he suffered
numerous bruises and contusions. He wag
removed to tho Receiving Hospital for
treatment.
An unusually large crowd visited the
Chutes during the day, and that they did
not witness a tragedy was due solely to
the fact that Wallace, the big lion, made
a slight miscalculation in distance. Frank
Hall, the lion-tamer, had Just completed
his act with Wallace and had reached the
escape door of the cage when the huge
brute sprang at him and swung his un
sheathed claws at the trainer's head. Hall
ducked and banged the door, but did not
escape unscathed. The lion's claws
scraped over his scalp and left painful
wounds behind. Had the lion measured
his distance the sfory would have been
different. The stuffed form of "Beauty,"
the long maned and tailed horse: llama
dryas, the lion slaying, baboons and Can
non, the fat man, are the features this
week.
A large crowd passed the day at Sutro's
baths and enjoyed the aquatic contests.
Following are the results: Fifty-yard
dash, P. Harris first, L. Hanna second;
underwater swimming contest, S. McDer
mott first. J. Carson second: diving for
plate, C. Augustus first, J. Wllburn sec
ond, C. Jones third; 100-yard dash, ama
teur, C. Jones first, J. Sherton second;
springboard diving, C. Duke first. F. Free
man second; high diving:, J. Patton first
prize, R. Herman second prize.
CROWDS ENJOY A DAY
AT PARK AND BEACH
It Is Expected That It Will Be
Dropped for Lack of
Prosecution.
The eas-e against Angelina Abbott, who
rhot De Witt Clinton some days ago,
will come up In the Police Court to-day,
but it Is not probable that anything will
be done. It is doubtful if Clinton will ap
pear, and it Is expected that the case will
end In a dismissal.
The proceedings now before the court
sre all at the suggestion and demand of
the defense. It was the intention of the
court to dismiss the case the first time
it came up because no complaint had
been filed, but to the surprise of every
one H. H. Lowenthal. who appeared as
the prisoner's attorney, demanded on
behalf of the prisoner that a complaint
be tiled, as he stated that it was the de
sire of the girl to bring the facts that
had led up to the shooting out in court.
As Clinton would hie no complaint, the
court ordered the arresting officer to file
one. This was done, and it is on this that
the case now rests.
The prisoner declares now that she
never wished to have a complaint filed
against her. and she pays all she wishes
is to be allowed out of jail. She will
probably be freed to-day, either by bail
or by the dismissal of the case; and" after
the defendant is out of prison, even on
bail, it is not probable that the case will
be prosecuted.
ANGELINA ABBOTT'S CASE
WILL BE CALLED TO-DAY
A wheel of fortune, where for 5 cents
a chance could be purchased for a string
of beads, a bottle of firewater or a wig
wam, attracted the attention of a ven
turesome set, while others enjoyed being
in and out of the swings thoughtfully
provided by the owners of the park.
Promptly at 1 o'clock "Big Injun" TV.
C. Greaves let out a warwhoop, the signal
for the band to "rip off" a few strains of
music, which quickly went to the feet of
the many anxiously waiting couples. They
danced and danced until the drawing of
the many valuable prizes caused the
*n <tC> rOW! They were there with the
\)\// featners - At Germania Gardens,
stfyg Presidio, yesterday, Oshonee
Tribe Xo. 78, Improved Order of
Red Men, with their many friends,
held their fifth annual "war dance."
Early in the day warwhoop after war
whoop signaled the arrival of the "In
juns." The more thoughtful ones brought
luncheon galore; the others consoled
themselves with liquid refreshments fur
nished by the ever busy dispensers of long
and Juicy "steams."
eyes, ears and mouths of every one on the
grounds to open widely in expectation.
Those who were instrumental in mak
ing the day the success it was were Floor
Manager \V. T. Greaves, Chairman of
Committee on Arrangements R. D. Dick
inson. Frank Brown, J. T. Kelley, H. Fa
bian, Peter Greaves, L. Newton, P. Reg
nier, I. Leichter, W. E. Lambert, A.
Scholes, A. L. Adler, S. Berel, M. Bloom,
Frank Liwlor, Julius Isaacs and Lewis
Isaacs of the committee, and the man be
hind the bar.
Prizes will be distributed at Laurel Hall.
Shiels building, on Saturday. June 30.
HOW THE BRAVES SMOKED PEACE PIPES AND DRANK FIREWATER.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, June 24.
V. hcther the strange box of roiled
paper, chemicals and electric wires
brought to the police station last
J-ifirl.t by William Gauge is an in
icma! machine designed to explode by
the touch of a button or a harmless piece
of electrical apparatus has not been de
termined. The dangerous looking machine
is kept, carefully under lock and key by
the and will not be tampered with
until a man famijiar with explosives can
be found who Is willing to undertake the
risky Job of finding out just what the ap
parently infernal machine really is.
A number of expert electricians who ex
amined the box were unanimous in the
ftaterncnt that so far as they knew the
apparatus was no part of any ordinary
electrical appliance. The fact that insu
lated wires lead to the center of the roll
of prepared paper leads to the belief that
there is inclosed a fulminating cap de
signed to explode l.y an electrical spark.
and thus set off by detonation the entire
mass. Judging from its appearance and
general consistercv the preparation sur
rounding the hard roll of paper is parafflne,
but William Gauge, the rinder of the ma
chine, declares that he broke off a small
piece and, tasting it. found it sweet, like
a preparation of glycerin.
The police officials pay they never before
Baw anything resembling the supposed
bomb now in their possession. While they
assert that there could have been no ob
ject in placing the box where it was found,
they admit that it has a suspicious ap
pearance, and Fay they will refrain from
dissecting it until an expert has examined
The supposed petard is Inclosed in a
fmail wooden box painted a deep red. In
Eize it approximates that of an ordinary
buildir.g brick. It is the interior arrange
ment that causes tho ordinary individual
to tremble when he sees it carelessly
har.dled. It is best described as a hard
brick of fine linen paper covered with a
preparation resembling wax. The paper
is tightly wrapped with catgut. From
two small brass levers on opposite sides
of the bottom of the box lead two insu
lated wires. One runs over the top of the
paper and through the end of the roll, ap
parently to its center. The other appears
to be for connection with a battery wire.
William Gauge, the man who brought
the little red box to the police Ftatlon is
a gardener residing at 4S5 Twenty-first
etreet. He tells the story of the discov
ery of the machine as follows:
"Last Friday afternoon several men who
wen? at work felling trees in front of J.
6. Wetmore'f property, near the Piedmont
Sprir.ps. eaw a little red box nestling in
the grass at the foot of one of the trees.
One of the men carelessly drove his pick
tlllUUgll the top. but not hard enough to
touch the interior mechanism. I happened
to be working near by and the men called
to me to ccme and see the infernal ma
chine which th^y had found. We care
fully removed the cover and proceeded
cauticuply to examine the peculiar appa
ratus. Mr. Wetmcre. who was called, was
certain that the thing was designed to
explode and advised us to throw it away
Which w* did.
"On Saturday I paw that the box was
lyinp where we threw it. and fearful that
!t mSght be found by som<» children p!ay
ir.g near. I carefully wrapped it up and
carried it home. After supper I took It to
police- headquarters. The box had appar
ently been lying wh^re It was originally
found but a phort time, as there was but
l!ttl*» dust up«->n it and it was not marred
Jn any way. I looked for connecting wires
but could fine none. The only buildings in
Expert Electricians Are Puzzled and
Authorities Are Waiting for
Some Reckless Man to
Open the Package.
Mystery of Supposed Infer
nal Machine Still
Unsolved.
POLICE FEAR
TO TOUCH THE
BOMB BUTTON
HENRY MILLER and his special
company will open at the Colum
bia Theater to-night. Jerome K.
Jerome's successful comedy, "Miss
Hobbs." has been chosen for the opening
attraction and a thoroughly artistic pre
sentation of the play Is assured. The ex
cellent lraprebslon left by the Henry Miller
engagement of last year" has had the most
desirable effect on the box oitice receipts
and a large crowd will greet the favorite
actor this evening. In Mr. Miller's reper
toire for the San Francisco engagement
are to be found both old favorites and new
plays and each, new and old, will be
staged for one week only. "The Tree of
Knowledge," "Heartsease," "A Marriage
of Convenience," "The Onlv Way." "His
Kxcllcncy." "Trie Governor, "Brother <jr
licers," and "The Liars" constitute the
list up to date. Two matinees will be
given each week.
• • • .
"A Milk-white Flag," Hoyt's most pop
ular comedy, will be continued at the Cali
fornia Theater. All the clever people of
Dunne and Ryley's company find conge
nial opportunity in this farce. Mary Mar
ble shines as the orphan, John W. Dunne
as the Colonel, Christian Berrlal, "who
look? like Napoleon"; Matthews and Bul
ger as the undertaker and the "dear de
parted," Walter Jones as Sousa and sev
eral other folks, and the rest of the com
pany in th*>ir several roles.
Mr. llylc-v, who is now in London, has
obtained the American rights of Owen
Hall and Iveslie Stuart's new musical
comedy, "Floradora," for Messrs. Mat
thews and Bulger. "Floradora" has had a
long run at the Lyric Theater in London
w!th Tom Davis, and it is understood that
the comedy came pretty high, as several
American stars were competing for the
rights in this country.
• » •
To-nfght the popular comic opera "The
Geisha" will be revived at the Tivoli. The
cast will contain many old favorites, in
cluding Edwin Stevens, Helen Merrill.
Gcorgie Cooper— who all took part in the
, Rt n rodu cticn of "The Geisha" in this
city— "lorn Greene. Annie Meyers and Fer
ns Hartman. New costumes, especially
Imported from the Orient, new scenery,
and an augmented chorus will all add to
the assured success of this little gem of
comic operas, and Stanford Parlor of the
dative Sons who will attend the perform
ance this evening will see to It that it
AT THE THEATERS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. June 24.
The Contra Costa Board of Supervisors
have decided to submit Henshaw-Macdon
ald route for an electric railroad to Point
Richmond as the route to be bid upon, and
this will be done at the meeting of that
board on Monday.
This is a complete victory for the two
Oakland financiers who are interested in
an electric railroad system between Oak
land and Point Richmond, and If they
are given the franchises it will mean the
immediate construction of the road. The
line requested by Messrs. Henshaw and
Macdonald Is the shortest route between
Oakland and Point Richmond and around
the point. It Is the most practicable route
and Includes a' spur to the town of San
Pablo, thus covering the territory be
tween Oakland and the present terminus
of the Santa Fe system.
Mr. Honshaw and Mr. Macdonald are
ready to go ahead with the construction
of the road at once. They already have
their plan3 for the construction of the
road made, and will apply to the Alameda
County Supervisors and the Berkeley,
Emeryville and Oakland City Councils as
soon as they secure their Contra Costa
franchises. These plans contemplate the
construction of an electric road similar to
the Oakland, San Leandro and Haywards
line. The same kind of cars and the same
kind of equipment will be used, and the
new road will be patterned upon the long
Haywards line. The personal relations
between the owners of the Haywards line
and the owners of the new system to
Point Richmond are so dose as to cause
the general belief that once the new Point
Richmond line gets into Oakland they
will work in harmony with the Haywards
line, If not form a traffic combination.
In fact. It Is generally believed that the
Santa Fe system, which seems to be
backing with Its moral. If not its financial,
support, the Henshaw-Maedonald syndi
cate, will then u?e the new electric sys
tem and the Haywards system as a feeder
to its main railroad line from Point Rich
mond. An electric railroad combination of
this kind would g\ve the Santa Fe sys
tem access to the most populous portions
of Alameda County without the necessity
of construction of expensive pieces of
roadway and the securing of expensive
rights of way until their freight traffic
shall require It.
But when the promoters of the new elec
tric road are questioned about this they
merely say that they are ready to build
the road; that It will be patterned after
the Haywards road and that is all.
Belief That Santa Fe Will Utilize
This and the Haywards Line
for Access to Ala
xneda County.
Contra Costa Supervisors
Adopt Plans of the
Syndicate.
WILL SUBMIT
THE MACDONALD
HEHSHAW ROUTE
BIG POW-WOW AND WAR DANCE
OF OSHONEE TRIBE OF RED MEN
1 % cln l}y are a number of dwellings
and the Piedmont Clubhouse. The Requa
mansion is about 1200 feet distant. It is
possible that the maker of the supposed
bomb was on his way to commit a horrible
crime when he became frightened and
threw H away."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 25, 1900.
Philip Moore, a Barbary Coast rounder,
was caupht by Police Officers F. w. En
gle and P. J. O'Brien In the act of remov
ing a watch and chain from thepocket of
a drunken sailor named Aleck Parker on
Kearny street yesterday. Moore was lock
ed up In the California-street station on
the charge of grand larceny, while his vic
tim was charged with being drunk.
7
The Chinese compaes points to the south
instead of the north.
Bad way's
Purely refutable, mild and reliable. Caus*
perfect digestion, complete absorption aod
healthful regularity. ,
For tht curt of all disorder* of the Stomach,
I*lY«r. Bowels. Kidney*. Bladder. FemaU Ir-
rerularlties^ Slpk Headacha, Blllouancu. Coo.
•tlpatlon. Piles and all derangements of the
Inurnal VUcera. Ito a box. At Dronifts. or
ly malt RADWAT A CO.. N.w Tort
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ser First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). N&sautkl and Shanghai, and
connecting- at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
cf tailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU Tuesday. July 13. 13C0
SS. AMERICA MARU
Via lipnolulu.
Friday. August 3. 1300
BS. HONGKONG MARU
....Wednesday. August 23
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, comer First.
W. H. AVERT. General Acent.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Perhaps the first industrial exposition on
record was held in 1569 in the Rathaus of
Nuremberg. A catalogue published at the
time thus states the purpose of the ex-
position: "It shall bring before the pub-
lic all Innovations in the trade of the
whole world In modern times, together
with domestic art productions."
CONTRIBUTORS
TO THE
SUMMER TERM COURSES,
....1QOO.. ..
THE CALL'S HOME STUDY
CIRCLE SERIES.
BEV. ET/WABD EVERETT HAiE,
D.D.,
Boston.
COLOKTX TEOS. W. HIGGINSON,
Carabridge, Mass.
ELIZABETH STUART PHELPS,
Boston.
F. HOPKINSON SMITH,
New Tork City.
HAB.RIET PB.ZSCOTT SPOFFOBD,
Washington. D. C.
FRA3STK A. VANDZBLIP,
Assistant Secfetary of the Treasury.
O. STANLEY HALL, LL.D.,
President Clark Cnlversity. '
PEOFESSOB LEWIS E. GATES,
Harvard University.
PROFESSOR JAMES P. KEMP,
Columbia University.
ALBEET SL BOLLES, LL..D.,
Haverford College.
JTSSE MACY, LL.L.,
Iowa College.
WILLIAM J. EOLFE, LITT. D.,
Catabrl<5se. Mass.
O. P. AUSTIN-,
Chief cf the Bureau of Statistics.
A. C. McT-ATJGHXIl*, LI».T>.,
University of Michigan.
MARGARET AINSLEE,
Philadelphia.
PEOFESSOB G. B, CABPENTEB,
Columbia University.
REV. LYMAN P. POWELIi,
Author of American Historic Town
Series.
JAMES A. WOODBITRN, Ph. D.,
Indiana University.
WTXUAM HOTJ3TON, M. A.,
MacMaster University, Toronto.
GEOBGE M. WBONG, M. A.,
> '• TTniverslty of Toronto.
CHABLES H. SMITH, LL. D.,
Yale University.
PAUX C. FBEEB, Ph. D., 2L D-,
University of Michigan.
ROBERT M. TOOKER, M. D.,
Chicago. .;
OSCAB H. ALLIS, M. D.,
PhiZaJelpMa.
WILLIAM HOWE DOWNES,
Art Editor "Boston Transcript."
ARTHUR EOEBEB,
Art Editor JCgw York "Commercial
Aavcrtlaer."
And others wljosc names appear
It) connection with the programroe
of studies.
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
&& £*a Jsa
THIS DAY.
MOXDAT. Juno K. l!¥!i\ a t 11 o'clock a. m..
at J. D. KORAN'S SALESYARDS. Tenth an*
Bryant nts.. S. F.. I will sell at PUBLIC AUC-
TION' 100 Heada nf well-broken and unbroken
Horses, suitable for all purposes. This stock i3
direct from the country and must positively bo
sold to highest bidder. If you want a horse at
your own price, attend this aale.
S. WATKIXS. Auctioneer.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
v S. S.
fel JEANIE
/ ~^~S fho Fir3t Passenger Stean-
' ship to Beach Cape Nona.
Leaves Seattle
FOR
JUNE 25th.
FIRST-CLASS LinilTERAGB FACILITIES
AT NOME.
For rasaencer and freight ratea^ apoty to
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.,
30 California St, S. F.
313 1st Ave. South. Seattle.
—
I Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
I » f="OR...
DIRECT.
The New ard Palatial Steel Steamship
WK1 sail from Seattle and Tacoma Juna J9»
July Jl and Aurun 27. Th* SENATOR. sail-
Ins July 21. will make an Excursion Trip vl»
the Inland Passage, and after landing at Soma
irill continue north through the Behrltxs Straits.
past East Cape on the Siberian coast, crcsslnff
the Arctic Circle, pa^sinc into the Arctlo
Ocean. Passengers «re advised tr> inspect th»
Senator before purchasing tickets via other
j steamers", as h»r second-class and steerage ac-
I commodations are superior to the first-class
; accommodations on most of the steamers ad-
vertls<*d for Nome. The Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co. has been running its steamers to
Alaska— winter and summer— for 23 yeaxs and
is the Pioneer Pacific Coast Line. For further
; information inquire of H. II. LLOYD. Ocean
I Dock. Seattle. Wash.: N. POSTO.V. 243 Wash-
, Ington St.. Portland. Or; W. PAP.RIS. 121 West
Second »t., Lcs Angeles, Cal.; GOODALL.
PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agts.. 10 Market st.
TICKET OFFICE — * New Montgomery st.. Saa
Francisco.
;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦ Steamers leave Broadway
wharf, San Francisco:
f»w^ For Alaskan port?— 11 a. m.,
K?V?tei)^ June JS. Z'\ July 5. Char.re to
trj^* tl^"*?^. company's steamers at Seatt!<».
ffi'^Kvtre For Victoria. VancouTer <B.
Xtfi.TjgS V>1 C), Port To-nrosend, Seattle.
MA&XJZ^gran Tacoma. Everett. Anaccrt<>&.
' f^^Es§Mi and New Whaxcorn (Wash.) —
11 a. m.. June 25, 30. July 5.
"^* and every fifth day thereafter:
charge at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. R'y.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 10 a. m.. Juns
2?, 27, Jub 2. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucna. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota,
Santa. Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
9 a. m.. June 24, 23. July 2, and every foarta
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa. Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Lna Angeles)— 11 a.
m.. June 22, 2S, 20, July <, and every fourth day*
thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Hay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa.Ua,
and Guaytnaa (Mexico)— 19 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For farther Information obtain company's
folders.
Th« company reserves the rlcht to chanra
rteamers. sailing dates and hours of sailir.?
without previous notice.
, TICKET OFFICE- 1 New Montgomery
Btre*t (Palace Hote!>.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. G«n. Agvnta.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLA 3ST ID
From Spear-street "Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class including BzrtS
rAlSC S3 Second Ctas* and Meals.
6TATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
June 22. Ju!y »
COLUMBIA sails June 27. July 7
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all polnta In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Ajrent.
S39 Market street.
, GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
WILL DISPATCH FOB
NOME DIRECT
Tn« elegant, fast. AI new passenger steamer,
S. S. NOME CITY,
1G00 tons register.
ABOUT JULY 1st.
Connections at ST. MICHAEL for DAWSO5T
and all TTTKOH RIVER POINTS.
For Passenger and Freight Ratea Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
/39 POST ST.
AMERICAN LINE.
nr Toast, socthaxptos. lostdos. pxjtm
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. a.
St. Paul June Zl\ New Tork July It
St. Louis JulyVSt. Paul July IS
RZD STAf* LII15.
NeW Yor(( crjd Antwerp.
From Kew York every Wednesday. 13 noon.
W«rternland ...Jnr» 27i Xoordland July tt
Kensington July 41 Frlesland July if
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
20 Montgomery street.
EVWFMRO LINE,
5 S "OHIO," from Seattle to Nom« and St.
Michael. May 24th. Subsequent Ballings from
Beattle to Name, St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June 39. July 31. August 30. For ratea
aQii othffr information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
30 Montgomery street.
COXPAOSIS 6EXS2AL3 7BAS3ATLAHTI3U2.
DIRECT LINE TC- HAVRE-PARIS. r n»Mi
Sailing every Thursday lnst-a.l ct <2f852>
Saturday, from November 2, 13i9. at "^WaK
10 a. m., from Pier C. North River, foot oC
Morton st. L'AQUITAiNE. Juno 28: LA,
TOCKAINE. July 5: LA LORRAINE. July 12;.
LA BRETAGNE. July 19. First cUss to Havre.
$S2 50 upward. Second class to Havre, r 5 and
upward: 5 p*r c«nt reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES
A>'!> CA>»AI>A. 12 Broadway (Hudson Build-
ing). Kew Teck. J. F. Ft'GAZI & CO.. Pacina
Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Fraa-
elsco.
0CEA3TIC S. 9. CO.-HONOtrtXJ, AJPIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. 8. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
„.. J.Wednesday. June> 27. 2j>. m.
S. S. MOAXA (via Honolulu) to SEW Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. July 11. S p. m.
h D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. H4 Hentmnwq
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St freight Offlce. 327 Market St
BAY AND EIYEB -STEAMESS.
FOB 0. S. HAYY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Alonaicell*.**
HON.. Tnes.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat at 9:«S
a. m.: J:15. »:S0 p. n. (ex Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:JW a. m.. •
p. m. Landing and office. M!ssloa-atr««t Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE • »*THE SAN TEAKCISCO, CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 25, 1900.
8
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
ntT£rN"n?S OFFICE of The San Tranelseo
Cell, corner of Market and Third streets, open
vrt:! 12 o'clock every r.lght In the year.
nUANCTI •OFFICES— E27 Mont-cmery street.
ecrr.fr Clay: open until ?:S0 n. rn. • *^. .:
f*fl Hayes street: rren until ?:J0 p. tn.
rrs McAllister rtreet; open tir.tll 9:23 p. m.
f.S Tjtrk'.n Ftr*-et: cpen until S:SO p. m.
:?41 Mission Ftreet: cr«a until 10 p. m.
__tl _jfsicn street, corner Sixteenth; opea un-
til 8 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: cpen Tjr.til Ip. a.
1CJ6 Valencia street; open ur.tll » p. ra.
Northwest comer T-rern--Fecon<J and Ken-
tucky etreet?: cr*n until 9 p. rn.
UCETIKG NOTICES.
PAN Francisco <"hapter No. 1, Rova.1 _^V_
Arch Masons, rat-vts THIS EVENING. 113?
Decree 4 J • ~ '
OCCIDENTAL Lrxlre No. „. F. and *
A_ M— THIS (MOSPAY) EVENING. _/\_
r.t 7:39 o'clock. Second deeree. ByjSJf
crdcr of the W. M. nt; *
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 2G-\ F. •
an*i A. M.. Franklin Hall. Fillmore St.. ~Jf\-
I • tvreen Bu*h and Sutti i Third degree TK 2Jr
THIS 'MONDAY) EVENING at 7:30 / >
o'clock. IIAKRY HAEHH. Secretary.
A.CEXTS WAXTED.
FELLING appnt »ant«i- Party to take produc-
tion cf magnet wire factory a* selling asent
en Parif.c Coast and old Mexico; only those
who can handle large business will be con-
Fiderfd. Addrets P. O. box 1177. Providence.
ATTOItXEYS AT LAW.
AT">VICE fr«p; divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success: collectlcns. G. W.
HOWE. rtty. at law. SiO Market.cor.Stockton.
B.~!.W. KING. S27 Market St.. room €T7: all
<a«<?5: no advance charges; call or write.
ADVICE free: no chart? unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, S27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L P CLARK. Emma Fprcckel* bid-.. 827 Mar-
let Ft.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
A I/TO M O BILES.
AUTOMOBILES^FRED WARD & SON.
Agent*. 48 Fremont tt.
BATH CABINETS. £
ROBINSON $*. 4-pam-i folding: door opens: firm
and *a!>. W. P. CROWN, iren. act.. 425 Ellis.
IIICVCLES For Snle or Eichanxe.
GOOD second-hand bicycles, all kinds and
f'.zfp. at ALLEX'P. iPTO Page st.
HOOKS— SEW AMI OLD.
fc*"HOOL BOOKS licucht and exchanged.
Hoiire;- Br.-V Co., T0« Mt«yjn- ft., near Thirl.
BULGIAX UAAES.
BELGIAN HARES!!!
All the rTj>ul«r Ftralns at greatly reduced
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE
ASSOCIATION, Alameda, Cal.
ELEGANT line cf imported does Jun received:
from $10 up: pMi<tr«»e guaranteed : Yukon and
other strains. ?¦<* Hyde Et.. corner Eddy.
FOU pale— Very fine etock of high-score, pedl-
preed Be'.jrian hares, all scored by Mrs. Hush.
IOCj 1 , Sutter Ft.. Ssn Francisco. .
TP.EMOXT Belgian Hare Co.. 213* Fillmore e_.
San Francisco. *>!.— Send Cc In stamps for
book en care and feeding.
A FEW left— Heavyweight pedigree does; must
be cold to-<lay. . 1.'.6 Tehama Pt.
GOLDEN GATeTjELgTaX^HARE C 609 Gold-
en Gate ave.. S. F.; 500 rabbits for eale cheap.
HIGH Fcorinp. pedigreed Ftock. reasonable.
Royal Rabbitry. 314 Golden Oate ave.. S. F.
HARE Sanitarium— Treatment of sick hares;
positive t>nufCe cure. DR. JACOBS. 1616 Turk.
BOARDING Kim CHILDREN
rRrrAlFifhnnie for children by day. week or
month: 1 day to 15 yean 1 : select neighborhood;
mother's care; punny yard. 12<H Post Et., cor.
Frank^n; 1 hfn» I.arkin r.«7. two bells.
_S_SI.\_:S- CHANCES.
__$4<*y>; CORNER grocer}' and bar; established
years and known as a money making place;
best location; close to Chronicle building. Ke«
R. G. WILKE, 264 Kearuy st.
A— t:<W0; GROCERT and bar on Pan Bruno
ro— d: living rooms; cheap rent; splendid open-
ing for an active young man: party wishing
to retire from business cause of eale. Call
R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— fliOf'. CORNER; wine and liquor store: only
cue block from M_rket; rent $50: horse.
wagon and a large stock; splendid paying
business; disagreement of partners cause of
tale. See R. G. WILKE, 1:64 Kearny st.
A— S650; R_STAURAXT on Geary St.; close to
Chronicle building; rent cheap; owner em-
ployed In National Bank; must sell at once.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C4 Kearny et.
A — J3000; DRUG store on Montgomery St.: rent
J*0: esta-b. years; knowledge of business not
necessary. Call R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny.
A— COW; BEST paying corner grocery and bar
on Hayes et.: no rent to pay: a splendid
chance. Set R- G. WILKE, S6S Keaxny st.
AX Interest In transfer and express company,
doing a business of J16.0M0 per year, in thii
city and arrows the bay: owner needs active
SKfirunt. Call R. G. WILKE. I6»^ Kearny.
A— $_wO; SALOON elegantly fitted up; estab.
years and doing a good paying business; place
located close to Palace Hotel; rent $^>: lease;
large etock. best quality: a rare offer. Call
I_ O. WILKE, 2«S Kea-ny et.
A— $.*Af'; ELEGANTLY furnished restaurant; on
Stockton 6t.; place estab. many years and do-
ing rushing, good-paying business: no better
offer in market. R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
$50ft— PARTNER wanted in & first-class ealoon
one block north of Market: owner leaving for
Europe. Call R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny tt
J125— PARTNER wanted : light Indoor business:
will pay over V>0 per month to each yearly.
McLAUGHLIN _ CO.. 777VJ Market st.
jro<>— CHOP end oyster house; great sacrifice on
account cf tickness. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
7~H Market rt.
5750— S ALOOX ; north of ilarket St.; half price;
ether business cause cf tale. McLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 7774 Market «t.
SSGOfr— PARTNER wanted: hay and grain busi-
ness, real estate Included: part cash If de-
jFlred. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7774 Market Bt.
IliOft— PARTNER wanted In the manufacturing
of _taple goods; will be required to take the
California, agency for e-me. See _cL_UGH-
LIN _ CO.. 7774 Market st.
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market, rm L nr. Call bid*.
Bookstore; income 1250: rent J18 J4M
Variety store; cle&xs 190; man or woman.. ie::
Ogar -tore and laundry offlce; rent S16..S12S
Ftatlonery, candies, etc., near city; good.$5S0
Notions an<l stationery; nice for lady $30C
Falocn; clears $lfi a day; central; snap..$8M
Delicacy store; central: good business S25C
r>aJry kitchen: dally sales 115 8200
WELL-STOCKED grocery, fancy goods, candy,
cigars; established for years; sickness cause
of -ale. LANE A CO.. £66 Market si
CANDY and Ice cream parlor, cleaxing $60 a
month. LANE & CO.. S65 Market «.
NOTION'S, echool supplies, candy, clears; llv-
lr.g rooms; cheap rent. LANE & CO.. 865 Mkt.
tW> — RESTAURANT; choice location: good bus-
ine«; furniture best. LANE & CO., $65 Market.
A-GROCERY and bar; fine location: living
rooms: a er.ap. COWING _ CO.. 71» Market.
j_— SALOON : water front: great money maker-
come quick. COWING _ CO.. 71» Market!
A— ROOMING house, centrally located; north
Market; rreat sacrifice. COWING, 719 Market.
A— KRt'IT store; corner: 4 living rooms; che&c
rent; bargain. COWING & CO., 7_ Market.
SALOON and lunch house will be sold for hall
valoe to-day. Apply "» Third et.
CORNER grocery and bar: well stocked; 4
large living rooms; rent J25. Apply Railroad
Brewery, 427 Valencia et.
PDR Bale che_j>— First -clans home baker)" do-
ing good store trade; sickness cause of file-
poeal; no agents. M., 1036 Valencia st.
M A NUF ACTURING msA Jobbing business-
steel wire»_rork: protected; $550. Box 692. Call!
|:W-RESTAI:RANT; worth $400; must sell. In
quire at Call office.
ON account of retiring from -business a saJooz
on one of the principal streets In thle city.
Inquire Ikjx G74, Call office.
$300— SALOON arid lunchhouse; centrally locat-
ed: Diust be cold at once on account pT ilck-
ness; rooms upstairs. Apply 79 Third st.
WANTED— From $3000 to $5000 to b« Invested
in a preposition which will pay largely on th<
money put into It. Address box 266fi, Call.
tZ'Z — FOR sale; a bargain: baker}', confec-
tionery and notions. Apply 225 Ninth st.
GOOD comer grocery and bar; 4 livfng rooms
mutt be «o!d this week, 228V4 Twelfth st.
CANTY etore for rale; good etock end fixtures
low rent. 1SS Hayes ft.
FALOON for sale cheap. 872 Fo_rth street.
FOR SALE— Good paying rout* on this paper
Apply at office. '
DON'T tn!es the trlivxJs and 'lamps at tb<
BACKUS STUDIO. 11 G*ary: other bargain*
business chaxces — continued.
A^$5ooa" " r.Trrrrrrrrrr7rri_ooo.Trrr. ..."...„.". . ."$35»
PARTNER WANTED
Handsomely fitted bakery and lunch parlor;
n:urt have partner; too piuoh business for
jiroprictor to handle alcne; best possible lo-
cntlon across the bay: near railroad depot:
all f.rrt-c!a«s custom; positive guarantee from
<.>\vn«»r thnt i>uslnesn clears J1W a mo.; books
ot(en for inspection: Investigation solicited.
STENRERG CO.. 335 Market St.
A—S730 J7y> $750
THIS IS A BARGAIN
Corner iiquor ptore and saloon north, near
Mtricet et.; han.lsome place, doing fine busi-
ness; well nituated for 2 young men or a fam-
ily to conduct: carrying large stock of wines.
liquor** ftc: if you desire this kind of busi-
ness don't delay inveoti^atlon: selling on ac-
count of sickness. STENBERG CO.. 33.) Mkt.
FOll pale— A strictly pood buslnefs; restaurant;
100 chairs ar.<3 feeding 100 j«K>ple; bakery us- I
Ing t barrels flour dally; horse and wagon; !
lodKlns-hou.se, 24 rooms, newly furnished;
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Baker}' and Restaurant, llakers-
fleid. Oal 1 __
i MODERN butcher shop; central part of Oafc-
la««l. near Hroadway. doing cash business of
$:.00 per week.; ront $00: owner must fell on
Recount cf sickness. RALEIGH _ CO., 464
Ninth st.. Oakland.
I WISHING to retire I will sell by blacksmith
shop aid tools at Blacks Station, Yolo Coun-
tv; it i« a Rood paying business and good lo-
cation. Inquire at Blacks Station. WIL-
LIAM -SANDROCK, proprietor^
I NICE family liquor store, with bar. at Invoice
value; must be sold at once. Apply 112 Taylor
j st. Paloon. doing good business, in wholesale
district; price reasonable. Apply 501 Market.
j $3000 WILL buy a first-class pteam laundry
j doing- a fine business; trial given to any party
j wishes to buy. Address G. ST. CLAIR, Santa j
J Rosa, Cal.
I — . — — . — — j
! TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine I
1 location: place is entirely covered: contains 3
I Malls; rent only $15: water free. Inquire WM.
' HENPRK'KSON * CO., €14 Call l)!cig.
i COFFEE and tea routes Eunplled from GEO.
• \V. CAEWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
i FOR sale or exchanpe for Jewelry, stock of t
! fancy goods. Box 151. Gilroy. Cal. \
! NURSKRV for *a!e; Jobs and tools. Including 1
I florist. 1724 Central ave. {
I A HRAN'CH office for Call advertisements and '
ruhscriptions has been established at 109S Va- ]
lencla Ft. !
CLASSIFIED artvertlKcmpnts and mbscrlptlons
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and i
; subscriptions has been established at 103S Va- !
lencla st. J
I A WEKK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, j
1 IK pafff. In wrapper, for malllne. Jl per year. |
' — — — ¦ ¦— ~ — — »— — » — — — —~ — — — -— — — — 1 — — . 1
_OnUI.\G-HOL T SKS FOR SALE. j
' M. GRIFFIN. 71? Market *t.. room 1. nr Call j
' building: call for long list; tel. Rla'-k 1S03. |
j ?* rooms: cr.r.: good fur.: nice transient. .JliOO 1
K rooms: Inhume ?26">: bon ton: perm 1400 |
19 rooms; full, men; If, Mkt.; oak; snap;
rent. $"S 650;
1 IK r.. J475. JKOO. $<i.Vl. JI0T3. JUO. $12f*>. J1400. i
: r;.Wi: l«-r. houwf. 9 of them $3C5: worth $700 up j
j 10 rooms: N. Market; full: rent J45 J250 :
; 31 rooms; good; offer wanted; chance for l>gn.
! ELEGANT house rt IS furnished rooms for
j «ale. 1<*21 Van Xef=« av.. cor. Geary St.
CARRIAGES -VXD WACO! S.
' \1Aj kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
I etc.. cheap. EAOAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at S32 Mission st. ,
j NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
! n««s. work A driving horses. l.'th A Valencia.
I CARPET UEATIXG AND CLIMAXING.
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, SOS-257 Tehama et. ; tel. S. 40.
! SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
341-344 McAllister Bt.; phone South 148.
I J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
» vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
j CITT Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
¦ STEVENS, nagr.. 38-40 Sth gt. ; tel. South 250.
' J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Clearxng Co.,
I <„ Stevenson Bt., tel. South C2S; lowest rates.
i CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 4c !
: 6TRATTOVS. 3 Eighth St.: tel. yJessle »44.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
1 CONKLIX'S Carrot-Beating Works. S33 Golden
Gate live. : telephone East US.
SPIIUTUALI_M.
I GO to Watson spiritual medium and palmist:
i "lucky and truest" readings. 25c up. 15S1
Market St., near Twelfth.
WYLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis St., 10 a. m. to 5 p.m., Sundays included.
MRS DUNHAM, medium: readings dally: clr.
j Tues.. Fri.. 2, 8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room 3.".
i MRS. HOTTER, spiritual medium; sittings; G.
$1, L. W>c: cir. Mo.. Wed.. Fri.. K>c. 34 Sixth.
j AT Friendship Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. Mey-
er; convincing tett to-night 10c; sittings dally.
WYLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis St.. 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.. Sundays Included.
MRF..T.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life ryder; fitting. $1. 1K>4 Market.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
.... /¦ _~_ _^_— —
MRS DR. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 205 Turk st..
may be consulted on all affairs of life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles; restore lost affec-
tions- unite the separated; satisfaction guar-
¦ anteed by mall; send stamp for circular with
epecial terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 205 Turk
>t.. near Jones.
MME.LANOE. the g— eat clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never faile; has the greatest Egyptian
eecret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; natiefaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market »_. bet. 7th and 8th.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladles Me,
gente $1; palm. _ clalr.: git $1 SO. 126 Turk «t.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth St.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader; readings. 25c; no sign.
CONSULT the rifted clairvoyant ; fee 25c and
50c. 349H Minna St.. near Fifth.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; best advice. S23
Mission St.. near 4th. rm. 3; 25c up; ring bell.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try: truth or no pay; 25c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best in. America— The We*kly
1 Call. It pages; sent to any eddress In the
1 . United States or Canada one year for Jl,
portage paid.
I _^ ———————— ———»«————————————»— i — — — — —
• • COLLECTION' OFFICES.
1 GEORGE W. KELLTS Agency— No charge un-
1 W» mccewy'ul. Room 310. 917 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
• COTTAGE. 3 rooms, bath. 1835 Twenty-fifth
• gt.: rent $3.
$20— COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
large basement. Key at 711 Treat ave.
3 SUNNY rooms, nice garden, cheap to small
family. 1270 Koleom st., near Ninth. . ". •« t
; DENTISTS.
• AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, SOT Mar-
• ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
". without plates our tpecialty; gold crowns,
U 60 up; Dlates. extractions free. $4 5ft up: of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
I p. as. O. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
; DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
» made: eld plates made over like new; teeth
frcm $S per set: extracting. 50c: eras Riven.
i PARIS Dental Parlor, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush—
I Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 2jc.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. on
] vacation from Jane 13 until July 1.
• VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
: SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
. YOUNG. 1M1 Polk st.
• CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
fV.'i. 1C pages, sent to any address tn the
• United States cr Canada ore year for SI.
DOG HOSPITALS.
• DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap creates a
smooth, tllky coat; for sale by all druggists
cr 11 the hospital. £10 Golden Gate ave.
I DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospttal. Post, Flllmore—
> Advice and medicine 75c; city vUtts $1 SO; all
-r.lm-1* treated: dor* boarded. T»l. We«t 63t.
' DRESSMAKERS ASD SEAMSTRESSES
: McDOWELL'S Is -tie place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post.
; MME. BEMBERT. 130 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school: any pattern cut to measure.
b F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
. PARISIAN dressmaking. M7 Geary st. ; dresses
made, $5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit.
» ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lcg. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&MoSatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ALL etudents nut two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
AYRES', the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; life scholarship, $50; Includes short-
hand, typing. bookkeeping, pen art: day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. S05 Larkin St.:
the coming school; thorough: up-to-date: all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.; est. 1SC4.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F. ; founded 1S63; SO-pape catalogue free.
THE onlv watchmaking school on the coast for
ladies and gentlemen. O. SInz. 85 Geary, r. S4.
GALLAGIIER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand; bookkeeping. Parrott big.; i-at'log.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School: modeling,
designing. carving < :~aU branches. 424 Pine at.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping.-trammar. writing.
e.tc; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
l__H*LOYM_Vr OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years: all kinds help.
421 Pest, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION .Tapanes>e-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay S3.
ORFHEUM Employment Ofttce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: ttl. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and' Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. S06^ Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 4UH O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMl'LOYJIEXT WAXTED FEMALE.
COMPETENT Swedish cook desires situation,
best cf references, city or country; also flrst-
cia?s Swedish second girl wants a position.
MISS CULLEN. 3i5 Sutter st.
COMPETENT wnmsn, with a child, desires sit-
uation; good conk and houjeworker. MISS
CULLEN. 225 Sutter st.
GERMAN first-class cook desires place in Jew-
ish family. $35. MRS. LAMBERT, 41S Powell
Ft., tel. Ma'.n f.322.
GERMAN refined second girl awaits position.
MRS. LAMBERT. 41S Powell, tel. Main 5S32.
SITUATION wanted by a young girl to do sec-
ond work or light housework; country pre-
ferred. Please call at 1011 Natoma st., near
Eleventh.
RKLIARLE woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework; city or short distance in
country: willing and obliging. Call at 762
Llrannan St.. near Seventh.
DANISH girl wishes place as cook In private
family: has best of references; $25 to $30. 1663
Hov.-p.rd st.
RELIABLE woman, good cook, wishes situa-
tion country preferred. Call 20 Willow ave.,
I off I.arkin t-t., near Ellis.
i COMPETENT girl wishes housework. Box
I C'363. Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer
i and typewriter: best references. Box 672, Call.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
ments by ladies In confinement. >IRS. WOL-
TER, 122 Hlsth st.
I PROTESTANT young lady wishes position as
¦w-orkinsr housekeeper or light respectable work
of any kind; city or country; fair wages.
Address C. A., box 2670. Call offlce.
SHIRT Waists made for 35c. 1222 Leavenworth
street.
i YOUNG woman going to Europe would take
charge of Invalid or children for expenses.
Box 663. Call office.
2 RESPECTABLE women would like positions
as housekeeper and one to Bew. Apply 603
Sixth st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mw-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 E0 nlcht: $1 60 to W
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and best In America-The Weekly
Call. IS pages, eent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOVMEST WANTED — MALI-.
YOUNG man; coachman and general work; ex-
perienced in care lif horses, carriages, cows,
gardener etc.: references; city or country.
Box 6S9, 'Call ornce,
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, desires work
In private family: thorough experience; etrict-
ly ."ober: use no tobacco: not afraid of work;
undeniable ref. Address R., 869 Mission st.
SITUATION as bookkeeper or collector; gocd
penman; quick flgurer; good references. Box
i C91. Call ofllce.
YOUNG man employed part of. time would like
I position to work a few hours a day. G. S.,
j 215 Sixta st *
¦ EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wants a posi-
tion; references. Box 690, Call offlce.
PARTIES eoir_ to Paris fair who would like
competent helper. Inquire at 240 Natoma st.
WAXTED — By young 1 man aged 20, position,
preferably in city, firing steam boiler or run-
ning small engine; has fair knowledge of
steam engineering; also understands dyna-
mos, electric motors, etc.; only very moderate
wages expected. Box 684. Call office.
EXPERIENCED threshing machine cook wants
place either for threshing or harvesting crew;
Is strictly sober and will stay the season
out: wapes, $150 a day. Address GEORGE
THURBER. 1056 Kentucky st.
HONEST German boy wishes a situation as
errand boy. 763 Mission st. ; UDetalrs.
SOBER youth of IS wants position of soma
kind In city: 4 years In drug store; will work
very reasonable; good references. Address
P. O. box 101. Los Banos, Cal.
SITUATION as working foreman on fruit
ranch: understands care of orchard and dry-
Ing and packing fruit; can do blacksmltalng
and horseshoeing; references. Address box
1789, Call offlce, Oakland.
COACHMAN and general work; experienced In
care of horses, carriages, garden, etc.; refer-
ences. Address A. R., 1104 San Pablo ave..
Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore it.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ertebllshed at 109J
Valencia it.
exchange:.
AN pld-eMabllfihed blacksmlthlng and horse-
shoeing business, en account of death of.
owner, for sale for cash or will exchange for
real estate and pay difference. 22 Cortland av.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1O71V4 Market (near 7th)— Examinations free;
German eve water by mail, 60c; see City Di-
rectory. Phone Mint 207.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasac. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS - TO LIST.
100 FLATS, cottages, etc. A. M. SPECK &
CO., 667 Market st.
726 Bush; f., 4 r...$l2 50 36B Tehama; f., 4 r..$ll
112 Fell; I., 4 r $16 8354 20th; f., 5 r $11
132 Scott; I., « r $18 25OV4 Tehama: f., 6 r.JlO
575 Geary.; t, i r.... $9 60OA Jessie; f., 3 r.. $9
X — NW, corner Sutter and Scott; finest flat In
city for the price; Investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated if seen.
A— 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all mod«rn lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417H Third.
A — 3 UPPER sunny modern flat*. 5 and 6 rooms,
bath each. S67, 973, 975 Golden Gate ave.
BUSH, 2S16— Flat 4 large sunny rooms and bath;
large basement; yard.
CALIFORNIA, VWV4, near Hyde — Handsome
lower flat « rooms.
CORNER; upper flats, 7 rooms and bath, $12;
5 rooms and bath. $10. 4499 Seventeenth at.
COZY, inexpensive flats, 4 and 5 rooms, bath.
1044 and 1050 Sacramento st. t below Mason.
FLATS. 4 and 5 rooms, bath; off Howard Bt.,
bet. 12th and 13th. Key at 1626 Howard st.
FULTON. 225-FIat of 3 rooms; rent $9.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to 1st
from EAlDWIN * HOWELL. 10 Mont-ornery.
MISSION, 2943— Flat of « rooms; stable if de-
elred. "
NEW modern sunny flat; 6 rooms and bath;
rent $20. 1215 Stelner St.
SACRAMENTO, 1361— Bay-window flat of J
rooms ; rent $12 50.
SUNNY upper fiat: 8 rooms; bath; all sunny;
rent $25. Cor. Broadway and Larkln St.
6 ROOMS and bath; clean; rent $22. ; 9S1 Harri-
son st.., near Sixth.
$8 — 1 FLAT of 3 rooms and bath; separate yard
and water found. 887>£ Hayes st. - -
$3— UPPER flat; 3 sunny rooms. 242 Harriet st.,
near Sixth, bet. Harrison and Bryant. .
$12— S ROOMS and bath. 1718A Leavenworth
street. . ' \
Fl'ttSlTCHE FUK SALK.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S W. with No.
7 rang*. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
KL'UMTLUK \\ A-Vl'KO. ¦/ vj
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 778 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture,
W. E. CODT (late with J. T. Terry _ Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; teL Red 3353.
HELP AVAXTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook for 10 men. mining camp, $35;
cook, summer resort, $30; cook on fruit farm,
$30; 2 cooks, no wash, short distance, $30;
§irl, general housework. 3 in family, short
istance, $30; 2 cooks, small country boarding-
house, $30; pastry cook, restaurant, $i0;
Ironer for laundry. $30; neat girl, general
housework. 2 in family. $23: 8 waitresses for
resorts. $20 and . $25. fare paid ; chambermaid
for springs, $20; cashier for restaurant. $7
week; chambermaid and waitress, country
hotel. $2i; 4 second girls, city and country.
$20 and $2.". and a verv large number of girls
for general housework in city and country.
$20. $25 and $30. J. F. CROSETT. 816 Sutter.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ..PHONE GRANT 135
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
6 waitresses, first-class city hotels, $20; 5
waitresses, Santa Cruz, $2u: 4 waitresses,
Capitola, $20; waitresses, Shasta Springs.
Vichy Springs, Gllrcy Springs, Cazadero, all •
free fare; waitresses, Sacramento, Fresno, j
I San Jose. Woodland. $25 each; waitresses, VI-
I salia. Marysvllle, Redwood, Stockton, San
Rafael. Mill Valley, $20; 4 chambermaids 'to
wait. ?20. city and country; 6 chambermaids.
$20 and $1S, country and resorts; woman cook,
email resort, $30, see party here; night caah-
ier, $7 week.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
cook. San Jose, $30; cook. Grass Valley, $25;
2 houseglrls, American families, city, $20;
house girl and attend store, $15; 5 nurseglrls,
city, $15; German or Swedish housegirl, Ala-
meda. $20; and numerous new orders city and
country. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
FIRST-CLASS waitress, summer resort, $25.
fare paid; restaurant cook, city, $25, good
place; German cook, $35;, 2 grrls, housework.
American families, -city. $25 each: German
cook and waitress. Institution across the bay,
$35 and $20; French second girl, city. $20; 2
second girls, $20 each. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS. smaTT hotel. 7^, country: laun-
drces, resort, $25, Santa Cruz. MISS CL'L-
LF.X. 325 Sutter st (
COOK ami second girl, same house, $25 and
$15; mother and daughter, small boarding
house, MO; woman to cook for 8 men, $23;
second girl, same house, $1S; 6 second girls,
$25 and $50; 2 nurscgirls. $20 and $15; ranch
cook, $30; 3 chambermaids, $20 and $15; wait-
ress, $25; 10 housework girls, $25 and $30; 4
cooks. $J9. American families; 3 cooks, Ger-
man style, $30 and $35; 50 girls for country
places, goo<l wages. Apply to 1IUS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st. I
! GERMAN housework girl, 2 gentlemen, re-
epectable place, $20. MRS. LAMBERT, 418
Powell st.
REFINED German girl, care of 1 boy, $25.
MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell st.
I WANTED ~
i 2 waitresses for country resort. Shasta Co.;
fare paid; Ree lady at our office. W. D.
_EWER & CO., 610 Clay et.
FINISHER on custom coats; good pay and
steady work. 410 Kearny St., room 27^
FIRST-CtjASS buttonhole maker on vests;
steady work; good wages. 936 Mission st.
j YOUNG girl for general housework. 1121
I Greenwich st.
WANTED— Girl to assist In laundry and tend
offlce. Standard, 114 Hayes st.
WANTED — Lunch waitress; call by 10 a. m. ;
small restaurant. 52 Eighth st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
small family; wages $20; ref. 1S23 Fell Bt.
GIRL to assist with housework and cooking;
wages $20; references. Apply 1129 I'lerce st.
WANTED— Girl for housework and care of
child: small family. 2832 Bushj^
GIRL wanted for light housekeeping; good
home. 623 Halght st.
GOOD cook and baker wanted; wages $25. Ad-
dress 2632 Durant ave.. Berkeley.
WANTED— Neat girl for general housework in
Fmall family. 2447 Mission St..
WOMAN to do general housework at 1304 Post
Bt. ; call early.
WANTED— Experienced chambermaid at 14S
Sixth %t.
WANTED— Waitress, restaurant 34S& Third
street. : : 'f • *
EXPERIENCED fruit canners wanted Immedi-
ately. Apply U. S. FRUIT PACKING CO..
Harrison ave., off Folsom St., bet. Seventh
and Eichth.
WANTED — 200 — fomen and girls to werk on
fruit. Apply immediately U. 8. FRUIT
PACKING CO., Harrison ave., between Sev-
enth and Eighth sts.. off Folsom.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEV1
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. S2Vi Fremont st.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES and operators on overall*.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
¦ nd Grovn sts.
CAPABLE Protestant plrl for general house-
work; small American family; good home;
steady place; $18. 222 Dolores st., near 16th.
GOOD reliable male and female help, with ref-
erences, furnished by MISS J. F. KELLY,
Employment Offlce. 413 Powell st., nr. Sutter.
PROTESTANT girl to care for children and do
light housework; low wages and a good home.
Box 683. Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' under-
skirts to work In factory; steady work; good
pay. A. AARON. 579 Mission et.
WANTED— Protestant girl; general housework
or to assl-t. 1307 Vermont st.. near Twenty-
fourth, upstairs.
WANTED— A lady dependent upon her own ex-
ertions for a livelihood to travel. Y. Z.. box
700. Call offlce.
GOOD position for an ambitious woman as
representative for wholesale house. Box 6S3,
Call offlce.
YOUNG girl to assist in H_ht housework in,
exchange for a home; small family; no chil-
dren. Box 660. Call offlce.
WANTED— Reception lady for large dental of-
flee; experienced preferred: permanent posi-
tion to right party. Box 2668. Call office.
GIRL, general housework, cooking, washing;
small family; wages $20. 616 Halght st.
GERMAN girl for downstairs work and assist
In cooking. 1018 Sutter et. . ¦
IRONERS wanted. Empire Laundry, 755 Bry-
ant st. ¦. '
FINISHERS on custom coats; good wages; also
apprentice girl. 304 Tehama at. ,
OPERATORS, button-hole makers, finishers &
apprentices; wages learning. 509 Kearny, R. 2.
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on
cents' white shirts. , £35 Valencia st.
GERMAN girl for general housework. Call
606 Castro st.; wages $20.
GIRL to assist with housework and children.
1613 Benton st.. near Bay station. Alameda.
COMPETENT girl wanted; bookblndery. MY-
SELL-ROLLIN3 CO.. 22 Clay gt.
WANTED— Waitress. Hotel Repeller, 781 Sut-
f .- «t. 1 .
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom et.. bet. 13th and 14th eta.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencla et.
• -.* nELP WASTED MALE.
CARPEXTEirToT mlu7^4T_TdTound T dalry-
man for Nevada, $40 \ and found; 2 butter-
makers, $40 and found and $60; farmers; milk-
ers; foreman, small fruit ranch; stablemen,
city and country, $27 50 and $30 and found ;
3 men and wives, $40, $45 and $30; black-
smiths; wheelwrights; blacksmiths' helpers;
woods and mill men of all kinds; machine
men for planing-mllls^ boy for planlng-mlll;
laundrymen; laborers- for mill and woods,
railroads and contract work; teamsters and
many others. Call and examine our list of
men wanted. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 628
Sacramento st.
CAKE baker, $.18 week; bread baker. $50; sec-
ond baker, country, $40 and board; bakers*
helpers; hotel and restaurant cooks; waiters,
hotels, resorts and restaurants, $25, $30 and
$40: kitchen men and others. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, 628 Sacramento Bt.
WANTED
Harvest crew for large ranch; sack sewer. $2
day and board; man to pick up sacks, $2 day
and board; C harvest hands, $2 day and board;
4 teamsters, haul hay, $1 25 a day and board ;
blacksmith's helper, larg» " vineyard, $35;
ranch teamster, $30: milker. 15 cows, and
make butter. $30, steady place:* 6 milkers,
" city and country, $30, $32 50 and $35.
6 laborers around furnace, mining company,
no experience needed, half fare paid, $2 a
day; 2 miners. $3 a day and free fare.
Bread baker, $50. W. D. EWER _ CO., 610
Clay Bt.
MAN and wife, ranch. $50; vegetable man. $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt. .
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 162.
WANTED— Immediately, good baker; no night
or Sunday work: must qpeak \ English.
; SMITH'S Bakery, Haywards, Cal.
STRONG boy to learn upholstering" and carpet
laying trade; wages $2 a week. Call between
g and 3 a. m.. 1200 Eddy «t. /
WANTED^ — An experienced milk wagon driver.
140S Devigadero it., near Geary.
AMATEUR musicians wasted for cavalry
band. . Apply at 423 O'Farrell st* :
HELP WASTED— MALE.'
MURRAY & READY.... Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT V A. M. MONDAY.... ••
600 men for railroad work, reconstruction ana
new work on following divisions: Dunsmulr.
Shasta, Truckee. State of Nevada, Salt Lake.
Sacramento, Western, and all Coaet divisions
of California, Santa Barbara, Los Angeles.
We ship you on all above divisions free fare
and ofnce fee $1 no othor expenses.
AGAIN WR PAY YOUR FARE
• • TO 35 SAWMILLS, ETC
• NO EXPERIENCE WANTED ••
E63 men fcr 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $26 to $40 P* r
month and 'found •:
Also lumber pliers, . bark peelers. $W » nd
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, bana
sawyers, screw turners, -rang edKermen, in
fact, we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $80. $75, $90, $120, $60.
$00. $40, $30 and found; GS4 woodchoppers, tie-
makers, tools and food found, gome at mines.
$3, $2 50. J2, $1 DO. $1 and 75c cord; shtccle
joiner, shingle packer; 25 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare paid, $40 and found
CO laborers, handy with hatchet, to build flume
-. 130. $35. $40 and found
• HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CREWS..
Header wagon drivers. $2 a day and found;
2S2 men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work
in fields, header men. etc.- $1 25. $1 50, $2 day
and found; come and see
....STABLES, VINEYARDS. ORCHARDS....
GARDENS •••
36 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $40, $33,
$30. $«5 and found
129 vineyard and orchard hands, $35, $30. $20
and found; 5 gardeners. 1 stableman, all for
private families. $30, $25, $20 and found; bug-
gy washer, {SO; come and see
DAIRIES. CHEESE FACTORIES.......
39 milkers for different places, $35. $30 and
found; 5 butter makers and run separators,
boss here. $35 and found; 6 cheesemakers, dif-
ferent jobs. $35 and $40 and found
..MEN AND BOYS TO CUT FRUIT AND..
BERRY PICKERS
TO boys and men to cut fruit, no experience
required, piece work, can make good wages
Also 150 Berry Pickers •••
4 machine miners $9°
* MECHANICAL HELP
Carpenter, sawmill company, $40 and found,
fare paid; cooper $3 day; cooper to make
butter kegs; IS blacksmiths and horseshoers,
$2 50, $60, $70, $45 and $30 and found
....S. P. R. R.— DlKFKRh-iNT DIVISIONS....
Free fare Office fee $1
Section and reconstruction and new work
laborers; you'll suit; regular wages
EC laborers, S. P. R. It $2 day, free fare
..SPECIAL NOTICE. .MINES. .BIG WAGES..
35 laborers for mines, no experience required;
you'll suit. $40 to $48 per month and found; 29
miners, single hand $30 and $75
Crowds going to gold mines
For a new mine
1! laborers, no experience, fare $2 50, $34 and
found; 6 men and wives for ranches, $40, $35.
$30 and found
Read these carefully
S65 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco, $3,
$2 50. $2. $1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
home
For other positions come down and read
billboards.
12 single-handed miners, fare $2 SO, $60
and found ...A
Coal Miners Hard Rockmen Drillers
Hockmen Hammersmen, $2 25 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay »t.
A— LA UN DRY.... CAN DYM A KERB ....COOKS
Ca nd y ma ker. cou n try $40
Chef cook, mine boarding house
$iO to $50 and found
camp waiters $25 and $-0
second baker $40 and found
18 cooks. 535, $40, $45 and $60 and found:
butchers. $35 and $30: cook3 for ranches and
hay press, $30 and found; first and second
bakers. $50 and $35, fare paid; bakers and
helpers. $30 and $40 and found; boy for bak-
ery. $20 and found; cook and v.lfe. $60 and
found; waiters, battery, cafe, hotels and re-
sorts, $30, $35 and $10 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay Bt.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper, stenographer and
typewriter, large company, J30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-626 Clay St.
TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAPH OHDERS..
3 rough carpenters $2 50 day
all around butcher $33 to $40 and found
young man, run rip saw $7 00 week
manglers for laundry
man and wife, both for dining-room, fare 30c,
$40 and found
cook and wife, <Jr two men. for Lumber Co.,
see boss here; 9 coopers, slack work; 3 pan-
try men; 3 men for private families; 18 laun-
dry men and boy to learn same trade
chef cook for mine Sot) to $60 and found
carriage wood worker $2 50 day
5 brick molders sheep herders
FACTORIES IN SAN FRANCISCO
12 laborers, different city factories, $1 73 day,
exceptional good Jobs, men board home; farm-
er and wife, Sonoma Co., $40 and found, see
boss here. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay Et.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary 8t.
200 men for Coast Road *2 a day
Ship dally Fee $1 Free fare
200 laborers.. S. P, Co.' h own work.. $2 a day
Ship daily Fee $1 Free fare
50 men railroad work. Shasta. County
$190 a day
Ship to-day Fee $1 Free fare
23 four-horse teamsters. L. A. dlv..$2 23 a day
Ship to-day Fee ?1 Free fare
Track gang, company work, Moorpark
$.2 a day up
Ship to-day Fee $1 ...Free fare
4 men, build fences. Coast Road $2 25 a day
Ship to-day Fee $1 ...Free fare
10 tunnel men for. the big new tunnel, Los*
Anffeles County. 2 years' work, ship Tuesday
morning; call Monday,
a R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
SIX tunnel men, 22\4 cents an hour; black-
smith, country shop. $2 25 to $2 50 a day;
ranch wheelwright, $35; machine men and
miners, $2 60 to $3 a day; 20 quarrymen, $2 25
a day; 6 farmers, $1 25 a day and board; yard-
man, summer resort, $20 to $25; woodsmen,
farmers, dairymen, milkers, choreman and
others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker, pastry cook, summer resort, $60, se«
party here; head cook, country, hotel. $63;
bread and cake baker, country shop. $60;
cook and wife, sawmill. $60; cook and
helper, country hotel, $45 and $20; baker
and assist on range, $30; fry cook,
$60; second cook, springs, $40; third cook,
springs, $30 third cook, country hotel, $35;
short order cook, $10 a week; butcher, coun-
try shop, $40; French second cook. $40; assist-
ant cook, country hotel, $30, fare advanced; 20
dishwashers and kitchen hands, $20, $25 and
$S0.
3 waiters, springs. $30: 4 waiters, country
hotel, $30;. 6 waiters, .country, $25; waiter,
summer resort, $25; waiter, mine boarding
house, $25; 2 restaurant waiters, $40; young
man to run Ice cream parlor, country. 925
and found.
Washer, hand laundry, country hotel, $30;
shtrt lroners, $30.
C.-R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary at.
A— WANTED— This morning, 25 laborers for
Truckee division for S. P. Co., $1 90 a day;
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
BARKEEPER, country, $30 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Master electrician. An 1 examtna-
I tlon-of applicants will be held at the Navy
Yard, Mare Island, Cal., July 6, 1900. for
Master Electrician at $5 04 per diem. The ex-
amination will be open to all comers who can
give evidence of experience In conducting the
kind of work for which they. seek employment
anil who are cltiiens of the United States.
Applications will be addressed to the Com-
mandant, Navy Yard, Mare Island, Cal., and
must be delivered to him on or before Thurs-
day. July 6. No application received after
. that date will be considered. Each applicant
will state in his application his name, age.
residence, citizenship, present occupation
(stating shop and position therein) and pre-
vious employment or work done. The appli-
cation must be accompanied by evidence of
citizenship and by certificates, preferably
from previous employers, as to character,
habits of Industry and sobriety and skill and
experience In conducting work of the kind
required. JOHN D. LONG, Secretary of the
Navy. _ _^^^__^^^^^^
WANTED— Reliable man In restaurant; $75 per
month; $130 required. Apply at 73 Third st.
YOUNG man or strong boy not under 17 to
learn the candy business; call at once.
SCH AFER 1 S. 221 Sixth s t. /
MAN with some experience in restaurant busi-
ness* $70 to $90 per month; $350 required.
Apply at 79 Third st.
GOOD short order cook for lunch counter. 1201
Flllmore st.
WAITER wanted at 17-19 Powell st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary st.
DISHWASHER, also man who understands'
something about a ranee., 129 Eddy st.
THREE laborers, pick and shovel; 2 teamsters.
Fourteenth av». and N St.. Kentucky-st cars.
WANTED— A waiter. 613 Clay st.
WANTED — Boy to wash dishes; light -work;
call early. Fashion Restaurant, 12S QfFarrell.
GOOD bootblack; will make about $7 or SS a
week. 947 Fillmore st., corner McAllister.
YOUNG man to wash dlstJes and help !n
kitchen. - 253 First St.. restaurant. ,
BOY wanted between 16 and 17 to go errands.
,222 Kearny st. • .
NIGHT cook wanted: man willing- to work.
14S6 Turk st. '
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop for sale; owner to quit
business; price no object. 215 O'Farrell st.
BARBERS— A 3-chalr shop for sale. Apply on
premises, 14 Turk st.
WANTED— An experienced tinner. WIESTER
6 CO.. 22 Second st. _
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damag«d, half
price. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d stji.
YOUNG man as partner in a fruit store. Apply
bfcUteeu 12 aad 1. 114 Lanzton at.
HELP WANTED-MALE.
WANTED— Recruits for the United State*
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 33 years: not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In Height:
must be cltlaens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
I and speak English Properly. For 'urtier^^In-
formation apply at^the Marine JP.ecrultlng
Offlce. 40 Ellis »t.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
(20 K' st. Sacramento. Cal.
ENGINEERS firemen, machinists and e'ectrt-
cians-Send 10c for new 40-page
containing list of questions asked by Exam-
ining Board of Engineers. GEO. A. ZEL-
LER. Bookseller. St. Louis, Mo.
fV-eT 8
COLLEGE. Washington. P. C.
FIRST-CLASS cab^etmaker and a wood car-
ver; union men. F1NCK & SCHLNDLEK. 13U3
Market gt.
AVKITEWASHERS-Bnishmen to •ollclt and
work on fhares. W. WAIN WRIGHT. 14OI
Jackson »t. ¦
WANTED- Man of good character: deliver and
collect for old established mnfg. house: $300 a
year and expenses gntd. Address Manufac-
turer, 3a floor, 330 Dearborn St., Chicago.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; 8 weeks
required: commission while learning; trans-
portation paid: no souvenirs orchromos given;
Sur inducement is UP-TO-DATE instructions
by first-class instructors. GORDON S bAK-
BER COLLEGE. 417 N. Main st.. Los Angeles.
WANTED— Steady man as baker's helper, $30
and board: no room. Ill Larkln st.
BOY wanted In a carpet and upholstering
house: some experience required. 4<3 Halgnt.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap: good lo-
cation; sell to go East. Inquire at 403 Pacific.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class: special inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trada:
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free. HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 6S3
Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. R«no House proprietor, still
runs' Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per n'.ght; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Engineer to run small engine and
?pice mill In wholesale house; give references,
experience and wages expected. Box 654. Call.
WANTED— Boy to run Gordon press; give age
and references. Box Co4, Call offlce.
BARBER shop with baths, good location, city.
for sale; price 1250. Box 614. Call.
SAILORS, ordinary eeamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MAN or boy to do* Janitor work for tuition at
Kan Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard if.
WANTED— 2 and 4 horse teamsters: apply
early Monday at 527 14th St.. near Guerrero.
San Francisco Construction Company.
GET your shoes half-3oied while waiting, 25c to
f'V. £62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d cts.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
caoh prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 1«
years' practice: Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night: 75c to 12 per week.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 220O Flllmore st.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
'40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, traggles.
carts, harnets. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth £t.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTY'S, 2170 Market st.; Castro-
et. cars pa*s the door.
HORSES— Young, well broken, for all purposes,
cheap: best :n city. 711 Howard st. nr. Third.
FOR rale— t extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. V»t. TVnt'«t. ft* Golden Gate it>
HOCSE8 TO LET.
A— PRINTED ll«t; houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery
PERIIT. £02. near Fourth— House of 3 rooirs;
rent J7; water free. Aoply to G. H. UMB-
SEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
HOUSE: 623 Locust ave.. between Golden Gate
and McAllister, off Laguna; 4 rooms and base-
ment: rent $12.
TURK. 1529. near Steiner— Lot 43x137:6; house
and stable for 4 horses. Inquire 8 Dale Place,
off Golden Gate ave.. near Hyde.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly
Call. IS pages, eent to any address In th»
United States or Canada one year for $L
HOUSES TO LET— Ft'RMSHED.
SACRAMENTO, 2573— Nicely furnished modern
house of 7 rooms. W. B. HUFF & CO.
LOST AKD _.-Oli>_>.
LO^T^BetweenTcilff House and city, plain gold
watch, with diamond monogram, black fob.
Return to 197 Crocksr building and receive
liberal reward. -
LOST— On Friday, June 22, a rosary with four
medals attached. 1 gold, 2 silver. 1 hrass.
Return to 2614 Laguna st. and receive reward.
¦WILL party who found lady's black feather
boa on 5 o'clock boat from El Campo kindly
leave at Tiburon ticket offlce; reward.
LOST— Pearl fleur de l!s pin. June 24. 19(0; re-
ward. 23 Main st.
________
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In ,S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. After all others fail
call on him. 1023VJ Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, only reliable ladles' special-
ist of long and successful practice. Guaran-
teed treatment at office, J3; home In confine-
ment; best care; consultation free and con-
fidential. 446 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and
Hyde; hours 9 to B and 7 to 8: Sundays 10 to 4.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles" specialist,
has returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years* practice In S. F. ; roaterntty
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice; home In confinement: treatment at
. office, $5; any ailment; consultation free: con-
fldentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde aftq Larkln.
MRS. DR. GUYER. 4« Eddy st., well known
! and reliable; ladles' specialist; consult free;
home In confinement; hours 9 to 6 and 7 to 8.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' .re-
clalist: home In confinement: safe and reli-
able; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. UAVIES. 1228 Market; ladles'
physician; chronic Uiseares treated; lato sci-
entific methods: treatment. $;.
: DR. NG TOY KEE, late of Canton. China: dls-
¦¦ eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento. cor. Kearny ;advlee free.
Y. S— DR. 'WISE Jfc CO.. the ladles' specialists.
1118 Market St.; every case guaranteed; Ij up.
NICE reliable home for confinement; remon-
, able. 2012 Folwnm st. MRS. DR. PFEtFFER.
DR WONCi HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason St.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any nddress In the
United States or Canada cna year for XI.
postage paid. ¦ • '' ¦-.
I =======================__=___
MISCELLANEOUS — FOll SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
1NTO3H & WQLPMAS. 19S-197 Fremont it.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, cou:
tors, linoleum, store and offlce furniture a
fixtures; new and second hand: we alw»
have a largo stock of saloon outfits on ha.
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready ma<'
we can fhip everything In 24 hours. J. Nu
NAN. 1017. 101 1 *. 1021. W2J Mission st. abo\
Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, eri-
glnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 2U Spear st. puucy:t -
A— 13 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. »1 75. p O p-
uTar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near PlniT
AN e!e«rant cluster diamond horseshoe scarf-
HAnp^ J1 v r a bargain at $33. UNCLE
HARRIS, .la Grant ave.
ANOTHER Xo. 6 Remington, and New Under-
wood typewriter; bargain. L. & M. ALEX-
ANDER. 110 Montgomery at.-
EXCELLENT building at 2110 Pacific ave. to
b^ removed. Inquire E. K. PEARSON. House
Mover. 1231 Folsom st.. teL Jessie im
SHARP watch dog; 10 months old: Newfound-
land. 1743 Noe St.. bet. 30th and Jlst.
6HP. gasoline marine engine complete: almost
new; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 81g-5li;zo Mlwion.
L^J? i°r traveling. $12 50. Port-
land Loan Offlce. -25 Stockton st.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced price
$7»: concert records. $1 so. BaciK»lu P :. nz Mki
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J.lBurke. 13» Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 41 Main »t.
A FINE suit. J10; dress pants 12 7_ MMSTT
CLOTHING PAKLORS. 4J7 MontsomirV st
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo salts for _T?T
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. K Stockton _ t .
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; mov)-?
BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post jt
A. NEW Standard Typewriter; latest mod*»i-
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 403 Cailfor_:'_.'
a 10-TOV Fairbanks scale and fir» and b\i- z l
laT proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE Hzl?.
MANX SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes, tij?
WALTZ SAFE. 1W-111 Market St.. San Fra^
ONB 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and match» r j
air compressor: 6 locomotives. :a> Fremont.
MISCKI_LAXEOCS WANTS.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano _m
cash. hT-TwHITKHTTAP. 710 Market ,t
MONEY TO LOA.V.
A^rr^m^miraTTper cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mcrV-"
gases, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business pi« t .
where. R. McCOLGA>T. '2* Montgomery, r. ..
ANY proposition, any amount: « per cent; firs:.
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages: life insurance. Room IS, fine
floor. Chronicle big.. HALLORAN & OLSE:;.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obt_!r*
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84<$ Market
st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOANS made on furniture at 1*» per cent; also
loans to salarted people. HARSHBARGI_K,
J22 Ellis st. . rocm 34.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches Jewelry- W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Six:.i;
highest prlc« for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture a.-i I
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny, room 9. respectable privat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: loweac
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davla 993.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick;
service; morfey direct: lowest interest. Rooms
68 and O. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and ca
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rate*. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
ANY amount by private party on furniture arul
ptanos: no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. 30_ Joneo St.. corner E.ldy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without securitr.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif.
ANY sum 1st or 2nd mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, chattels, etc R. 603 Examiner building.
H MURPHY. 830 Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems: 2d mortgages, estates. «tc.
TO salaried people without security: all busl-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. S21 Parrot big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on nota without
indorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner buUdlr.s.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: BO
commission: private. L'CK. 118 McAllister.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agencv. 1*3 Phelan building.
MUSICAL WSTRUMEYrS.
THE best thins of the season is a new sty! 9
Olympla Music Box. with double comb, t?
S50; the tone Is as fine aa any box ought to V»
at double the price. MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO.,
763 Market st.
UNTIL July 1 you will get more than tho Talus
of your money if you buy a piano, oriran op
other musical instruments of the MAUVAId
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
IF you want low installments on aay imi-fcral
Instrumert, come to us; if you want to par
cash, come Just the same. MACTVA13 MUsUJ
CO.. 7S3 Market st.
AS we represent the best maks of plane* In
every grade, from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments ar» easier than those of other dealer*,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos, }i cash. $« per
month; other pianos $3. $4 and $3 per month.
BHERMAN*. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealer*,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francl«coi
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
PIANOS at cost: cwinjr to the dull se&aon now"
upon us we are accumulating a larga stock nt
rental pl_no_; these, tcgcettiex* witli & number
of samples sent us from factory, will b*
closed out regardless of profit; a better op-
portunity has never been offered: terms Tery
liberal. BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX, 16 O*Far-
rell st. _
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou»_
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE?.
26, 2S asd 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, orsans ani
all other musical instruments of all gTadfS
and prices: terras easy; prices low rest; every-
thing possible done to pieaae and satisfy o_
customer.
AN elegant upright piano, beautiful case. Col-
onial style, three pedals; used three months;
must be sold to close up estate; J15O. 13
Flood bulldlr.gr. ,
A FEW bargains In pianos of standard make_
still remain from cur closing out sale, ran;-
in_- from ITS up: must be sold by July L
SPENCER'S. 1813 Market st.
EAROAINS— A few pianos will be sold this
week for storage; offers wanted (cash or ln-
stallmentB). WCiWTi't, Storage Co.. 1710 Mrk-.
SELLING out regardless of cost — Entire stocls
of pianos: store to let; fixtures for sale.
JAMES KEEFFE. 1019 Van N'esa ave.
GOOD Fischer: great bargain. SCHMITZ^ 14
McAllister St.. next Hlbernta Ba~"-
W. O. BADGER. 412 Pacramento St., agent tor
Francis Bacon and Haliett & Davis planoa.
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers. old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham pl_cr.
JSOOr-NEW piano will sell at very low price.
Address box 631. Call office.
O>JE Stelnway. 1 Chickerlnif. «30: Installments
»5 to *10; rent C up; HEINE'S. 136 Ellis St.
SOHMER & CO . Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Harai:-.
ton pianos. 308 Post st.
FINE Krrll upright -pixno at a great barga.ru
j PTATHAM. 106 McAllister St.
I REDUCTION sale: new pianos, t> payment*:
! for rent. $2 np. BKUEXN. 208 Post st.
I OFFICES A.MJ STOKES TO LET.
LARGE itcres and tunny offices near Ball I
Jpsti?r Court block. BABIV. 413 K>*rnT s:.
PALMISTRT.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. 8t. Germain College o£
Palmistry; reada 1 to 8. tlS Geary, nr. Jone«.
H. JKROME FOSSELU. »*tentinc palmist. 513
Tmvlor Ft., bet. G»srv *• TViyt: phone Igarka* I.
I *
PASTUItAGE.
800 TO BOO acres sreen pasture. clov«r and w!!_
rrarsea mixed, for borses or cattle. F,-r
terms apply A. B. FULLEB. Antloch. Ca!.
! ¦ =»
; PERSONALS.
! LEDERER Is the popular hairdresser.
Lederer charges hut 23c for the
J Lederer fashionable hair styles.
! Lederer sells El Perfecto Veda Rouge 50c bf»tu
I Lederer's Qulntontca hair tonic Is 33c bottle*
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo Is only 5c packaeaw
Lederer's Halrdresslng- Parlors. 123 Stockton.
DR. C. B. VALEEX— Magnetic healing anil
suggestive therapeutics; diseases cured wit_-
out drugs or operations; hours 2 to i: Sunday
by appointment. 215 Leavenworth it.
USE Llllie Webb's olive oil soap; Vc at drug-
gists: agents wanted. CADOOAX & Mo-
CLURE, _l Market, r. 34; trom 9 to 10 a. m.
$1 60 MISSES' kid shoes for COc a pair at THE}
j BEE HIVE SHOE CO.. 717 Market, nr. Third.
; LAIHES* and Kents' cast-off clothing: bought an_
j sold. Ellverman. 9S4 Folsom. tel. Folsom ___•
) VICTIMS of liquor habit cured home wUh^it
j their knowledge. For particulars addr»5a
i LMpso Remedy Co.. San Jose. Cal.: conflJ'tl.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 1J
years' experience. , J. B. Ray, 357 Jessie *t.
WILL pay cash for old sealskins. Box 43iJ.
offlce. _
1: A DEMY for the new science of hea.tr.?
without operations; before you undergo an
rperatlon jive us a call: consultation free.
r>R. WM. SCHMITT. 527 Post St.
AHLBORX House. 319 to JC3 Grant ave.— Lead-
. Ing German- American hotel of San Francisco;
j ' II per day up; finest meals In city. 25c.
! ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores sray
j hair to Its natural color. 11; at all iruac -' •
I ELECTRIC lights In every room— Wlnches;*r
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rocrr>:
I Kc to U 50 per night; $1 50 to tS per w»eK:
j free ban and bag-age to and from the terry.
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from Import**! or <!">•
mcaMc remnants. L. LEM09. Ill' Market «£••
between Seventh and Eighth.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
SRi Market »t., second floor, room 37. _
HAIR quickly curled or waved by. usin* Tal«
cotfs gurllnr Fluid; 25c bottle: drug<'»t»__
CAST-OFF clothlngr. old rold and stiver r-ougiJi;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 50* Keamy ¦*¦
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 2SCK Pacific *£"•_.
between Pierce and Scott: phone Stelne- ¦«¦'-
PHOTOC11APUIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo~Tupplie». Back-*
stnrtlo. 11 Geary »t.. ground and ton fl^ nr<
.I'HYSICIAXS AND SURGEONS-
DR. C. C. O- DON NELL— Offlce and re»!d"»c«.
tt_tt_ Market it., bet. SUth and Seveati.TO ARRIVE,
Steamer Movements.
TO sail.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Kusenla E. , Freyer 1 Moore) (Herteman) and
Samuel W. Kreyer to Olive Verkojiteren, lots
CO and 401. Gift Map 3. quitclaim deed. $50.
Anna M. Geary (Smyth) and' Marararet J.
Smyth to American Dondlng and Trust. Co., lot
on N line of Sycamore street. S00 W of Tele
graph road (Mission road). W 60 by N 186,
trust deed; J10.
Martha W. Wood, Byron W. and Ada C.
Haloes to Martha Wood, lot commencing on
\V corner 1W vara lot 22. Lacuna survey, being
about 27:6 NE from Van Ness avenue and
Greenwich street, NE to N corner of lot 22. NW
33:.\ SW to Van Ness -avenue, S to, a point
Nl- to l>p0lnnlne; J10.
Martha Wood to Martha J. Perry (wife of
John W.}. *anie; J10.
Builders' Contracts.
St. Lukft's German Evang-elleal ' Church
(owner) with A. A. Russell and J. J. Stan! con
tractors), architect .—AH work except In
nlde finish, plastering in basement, , painting,
art ylA.ts, grading, etc., for a 1-etory and ba*e..
ment ' church on Fifteenth street, 23 W of
Church. W 2a by S 100: »21?t. ¦ ."
Margaret Currier (owner) with G M. Depew
(contractor), architect Albert Fair.— All work
for a frame dwelling house on E line of De
vlnadero street/ 103 S tfC Green, S S3 by E
103:lli; }<600.. ....... w .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
D A Nelson. St Lake
C Munday. Montana
C IV N'lbtey & 2 d. Or
Mrs Happerty. Portld
Miss Mat'Donald. Chi
J A Oohorne, Conn
W. Factor. Conn
XV C Price. Conn
J A Comer. L Ane
J B Sicker. Ohio
W G Lee. Cleveland
W Patterson, Cleveld
J Murphy. L Ane
A Wellhelmer, Fresno
N Abrahms, llanford
A Burcham & w. Cal
B A Gunner, Hanford
W Struve & w. Xapa
J A Xew, Fresno
C Van Dwyert w. Nev
W Coulter & w Nev
C R Savage, Salt Lake
J R Clarke. Salt Lake
O Schendel, Columbus
S G Muster. Ner Or
A Luchessa, Cambria
H P Terklns. Mexico
J E Scobury. K City
S Harbureer, Cal
8 H B Stewart. Canton
Mrs. Watson, Stocktn
Mrs Lane, Stockton
F C Gober & w, Chi
W Enrll & w. Chlco
A Greeory. Providence
Mra Miles, Colusa
Miss Stockwell. St L
Mrs M Adams. L Ang
C A BurleiKh. Cal
W Larlns, Denver
F Donohoe & w, Cal
H Scowcroft, Osden
J Donovan & w. Cal
F H Green. Fresno
D Patten. Napa
W T Copeland, Cal
F Chlnn, Pt Rlchmnd
R Matttnson. Pt Rich
B nice. Pt Richmond
M Sanders & w, Cal
J B Fraser. Ukiah
PALACE HOTEL
Miss Martlnot. N Y
W Conrad. New York
N C Hall. lioulsvtlle
J Webster & d, Kngld
C A Richardson. Mo
Dr W Taylor, Llvermr
E D Tread well, N Y
R E Hyde, Vlsalla
W Douglass, Ulsbee
C i: Mills. Jilal.ee
S Jones, Louisville
R O Whltlock. IjouIsvI
A A Rollestone, Colo
T Vl*us, Los Ang
J Whitmorc. N Y
W IT Post, Stockton
J F Boulton, HongkriK
F C Wllford. Hongkng
L Gerstle & w, Cal
Mrs T Llllenthal. Cal
Miss G Elliston. N Y
W E Taylor & w, Cal
J W Moore. Salt Lake
E C Brace, St Paul
J F Parks. Jackson
MUs I P French. N T
A W Ixibb. Manchestr
J Falrclough. England
F 8 Johnston &. w, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
W McClune, Reno
II I Houston. Ill
O M Grant, Illinois
J Smith, Madera
O A Sweder, Honolulu
J M Bulger. Honolulu
L Brown. Honolulu
J Boche. Haywaiiis
E O'Connor. Monterey
V L Griggs. Milwaukee
F Murphy. Reno
J Mulroy. Inrleside
Mrs W C Wellington &
daughters. San Diego
R C Richmond, Tulare
I V Colman, San Jose
K M Mitchell, Ls Ang
M N Bateman, Salinas
J C Cuinmlngs, Chlcag
Shipping Intelligence:
ARRIVED.
_ . _ „ _ „ Saturday. June 23.
Bchr Lily. Bottger. 8 days from Umpqua.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Anderson. 54 hours fm
Eureka.
_ , Sunday, June 24.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett. — hours from
Ventura.
8tmr Arcata, Reed, 48 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. oi houra from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr r»rogreso, Zolling, 90 houra from Ta
coma.
Nor stmr Universe, Egenes, 4«4 days 'from
Oyster Harbor.
Nor stmr Tltanla, Gulllksen. 90 hours from
Nanalmo.
Ship Lucile, Hanson, 12H days from Tacoma
Schr Western Home, Daerweltz, iV. days fm
Coos Bay.
Schr Sacramento, Gruggle. — days from
Sluslaw River.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, 0 hours from. Fort
Ross. ¦ • ,
Sloop Impossible, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
SAILED.
Sunday, June 2-4.
Etrar Greenwood, Farerlund.
Stmr Bonlta, Nicolson, San Pedro.
Bttnr Matteawan. Croscup. Tacorna.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. Fort BragR.
Schr Joseph and Henry. Hasmussen. Coqullle
River.
Schr Queen, Nielsen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Philippine, Fredorlckson, Tacoma.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— June 24. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June 24— Schr John
A. hence June 0. £*
SAN PEDRO- Arrived June 24— Schr Report
er, from Grays Harbor.
ASTORIA— Arrived June 24— Stmr State of
California, hence June 22.
PORT LOS ANOELES—Arrlved June 24—
Stmr Alcazar and Alc.-n.tmz.
NEWPORT— Balled June 24-Schr Neptune
FORT HRAGG-Sailed June 21-Stmr Tilla
mook. for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived June 24— Schr Esther
Buhne. hence June 17; atmr Del Norte, hence
June 23; stmr Pa?adena. from San Pedro.
Railed June 24— Stmr Orizaba, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— ArVlved June 24— Br
»hlp Troop, from Shanghai; ship Star of Ben
gal, hence June 15.
Sailed June 24-^-Bark Sonoma, from Vancouver
for "Sydney; Ger ship Pera, from Port Blake
ley for Hamburg: Br stmr Queen Adelaide.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived June 23— Ship
John Currier, from Hongkong.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 23— Stmr Pomona,
hence June 20.
Sailed June 23— Br stmr Queen Adelaide, for
Manila and Honjkonc
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived, June 23— Fir stmr Tartar,
from Yokohama: shlu James Drummontl. from
Port Los Anceles; >Cr>r bark Garibaldi, from
Callao.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrlvrd June 24-Stmr City of
Rome, from Glaccow and Movllle.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
th« early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide ot
the day, the third time column the third tid«
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day. except when there are but
thre« tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
glren are In addition to the soundings on th»
United States Cnast Survey charts, except
whfi. a minus flcn (— > precedes the heisrht.
• rd then the number fflven Is subtracted frotn
the depth given by the charts. The plane or
r»'"ren<*» l« the m».in nf the !«w»r lnw wnt»r«.
MONDAY.' JUNE 23.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Hitch and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Franclaco nay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The hleh and low .wafrs occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Weather Report.
nSKh' Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 24—6 p. m.
The 'following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations, in California to-day:
Eureka 62 Los Angeles ...80
Mount Tamalpais (1 Sacramento 73
Independence SO San Luis Obispo....74
Red Bluff SSISan pieso 72
Fresno 92| *
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, C3; nvean. 6S. .
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
, FORECAST.
The pressure Is highest along the Pacific
Coast and a trough-like depression overlies the
country between the Sierras and Ilocky Mount
ains. The pressure has risen along the coast
and fallen in the interior.
Generally cloudy* weather prevails over the
northern portion of the Pacific Slope and'clear
over the southern.' Light rain has fallen In
Western Washington and Northwestern Oregon.
The temperature has risen over Utah and
KoutheaFtern Idaho and fallen In Northern
Montana: elsewhere the changes have been
slight. . ¦
Conditions are favorbale for fair weather In
California Monday and warmer in the Sacra
mento Valley,
Forecast mail* at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, June 2-">. 1500:
Northern California— Fair Monday; warmer In
the Sacramento Valley; light northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; freBh west
wind. . .
Nevada — Partly cloudy Monday
Utah— Partly cloudy; cooler Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and. vicinity— Fair Monday;
fresh west wind. . G..H. WILLSON.
¦ ¦ ¦ Local Forecast Official.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, MONDAY, JUNE 25, 1900.
9
Sun rises 4:4s
Sun sets 7;35
Moon rises 8:25 a. m.
C Time Time Time Time
% - Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L W H W L W
L. TV II W L. XV II W '
25 ... 4:11 1.0 11:18 4.5 3:32 8.1 9:49 6.5
it .., 6:00 1.1 12:05 4.7 4:26 3.1 10:35 6.2
27 ... 5:42 1.0 12:50 4.S 5:1S 3.2 11:22 6 0
2S ... 6:23 0.8 1:32 5.0 ' 6:11 3.2
H yv L. W H W L. W
19 ... O:0S 5.6 7:00 0.4 2:12 5.1 7:04 3 1
30 ... 0:67 5.1 7:37 0.0 2:51 6.1 8:001 3.0
1 ... 1:45 4.7 8:10 0.6 3:2S 5.1 9:01| 2.9
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Umatllla .. Vie & Pgt Sd. June 25. 11 am Pier 3
Pt. "Arena.. Point Arena.. June 25. 2 pm Pt-r 2
Santa Rosa San Dleno June 26. 11 am Pier II
Arcata Coos Bay...... June 26, 12 m Pier 13
North Fork Humboldt June 26, 9 am Pier 2
Columbia .. Portland June 27, 11am Pier U
Australia .. Honolulu June 27. 2 pm Pier 7
Orizaba .... Humboldt June 27, 2 pm Pier 9
Coos Bay... Newport June 28. Sam Pier 28
Peru New York June 2S. 12 m PMSS
Corona San Diego June 2b. 11 am Pier U
City Puebla Vic & Pgt Sd. June 30, 11 am Pier 9
Uor!c China AJapanl Jung 30. 1 pm PMSS
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Umatllla .. Vie & Pgt Sd. June 25. 11 am Pier 3
Pt. "Arena.. Point Arena.. June 25. 2 pm Pt-r 2
Santa Rosa San Dleno June 26. 11 am Pier II
Arcata Coos Bay...... June 26, 12 m Pier 13
North Fork Humboldt June 26, 9 am Pier 2
Columbia .. Portland June 27, 11am Pier U
Australia .. Honolulu June 27. 2 pm Pier 7
Orizaba .... Humboldt June 27, 2 pm Pier 9
Coos Bay... Newport June 28. Sam Pier 28
Peru New York June 2S. 12 m PMSS
Corona San Diego June 2b. 11 am Pier U
City Puebla Vic & Pgt Sd. June 30, 11 am Pier 9
Uor!c China AJapanl Jung 30. 1 pm PMSS
L'ast Oakland: a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT. 111! East Six-
teenth Ft.. Fast Oakland.
AN introduction to yon from H. Echellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLA.\D FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HENRY J. ; GALLAGHER CO..
(Eucresscrs to Flannagtn & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
McAVOV dfc CO.. E
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
1?J3 Market St.. between 8th and 9th. I
Telephone South 247. 1
born: , *~;
CEIDE-In this .city. June 24, 1MK), to the wife
of Fred Oelde. a daughter. ¦ . .
McGUIRE— In this city. June 14. 1500. to the
wife of James McGuire,, a daughter.
nirth. marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the caruc published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
REAL nSTATE — CITY — FOB SALE.
540OO- BARGAIN and aacrlflee; I flats*; first-
class improvements ; rents 531 : pays S per cent
r.et; tcx$r:6. Apply R.. McCOLeGAN. 24 Mont-
_ gomery «=».. rr>or» 3.
<JOOD Fubstantlal home in Western Addition
irr fa>: a bargain; lot 2TMxi3hi. Box 670.
Call c'ficf.
2:OISE and lot; income $400 per year; mill be
sold very reasonable. Call at 717 Clementina '
t-t. aftT 6 p. m.
5rr>.0f-ft — THE c5ieapei=t buy in town; Trtll more
than dauble lhe vulue tne'.de of 10 year»; to
close a:i ertete wS'.l be sacrlflc-ed norr; an ele-
pant Markft-bt. property, east of Valencia.
S8x324 to remr rtrcet. ArP'.y Ii. McCOLGAN
V* Montgcn-.ery ft., room 2.
fcTST— THF. beyt barfraln In the city: cont 113 000-
4 flat?. 2 stores: rents J?i. SE. Stockton and
•Greenwich. Apply H. McCOLGAX. T4 Mont-
KQrr.Ty n.. r<x<ra S.
IF you have lots north of the Park la email
or large *uhdiv!slons, and you want to fell
<iuirltly. tben call on the underilrTJed. \V
i. GUNN. CM California St.
aUtw-OCODESS J-rooin house In choice location
cn Waller ft., near Pierce, l block from
llalcr-t-tt. rars; ftrished with marble sters
frescoed oeiiinirs. S| wood mantelB. hard-nn-
balanre J5» montMv.' K. NELSON, builder.
|S5ft—BOUSE of I moms: 2 lots: (lae irarde4i:
b»aut:rui aai eurrv. Apply at 121 Anderson
ft-, near <~ortlond-are. schoolhouse.
2SODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices: plans and estimate* furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission st.
BVSINESS property— BIk eacrlflce on Howard
ftrret. r.ear 4th. Bew Drug Co.. Alameda.
A WTIEK'S news for C oer.ts-The Weekly Caiu
16 r»tw. 1n ¦rrraTypeT. for malllnr. tl per y»ar.
RE1L KSTATK — COLWTUV — For Sula
S5«0— LINCOLN poultrr farm; Lincoln ave.. tip.
per IVultvale. Apply PKTE NELSONS store.
KOIt SALE — Good-paying investment; country
hctel; rented at lio. Kor particulars apply at
•¦outhweM corner Eddy and Taylor *ts.
ROOMS KOR 1IOISEKKKP1.\C.
CALIFORNIA. M5- Nicely furr.iehed rooms;
terms reasonable.
EDDY. CM— Sunry tnjl;e cf rooms, kitchen, (raa
stove. runn'.r.R water; complete for liouse-
keep'.r.g.
ELEVENTH. :2f>— I eunr.j- furnished ru:rr.»:
¦ton and bath; modern eooveniencea: T1Z.
FIFTH. 34S — SV.te of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; cheap rent-
rOLSOM. TT6V— I neatly furnished connecting
housekeeping rooms; aleo 1 elng-le room.
FOURTH, i::— Nice housekeeping; rooms; also
single rooms: reasonable rent.
GEART. HIT — Vr.furnlehed floor of 4 sunny
rooms; bath; gas: private family: 120.
GOLDEN GATE av«.. S34-Lovely parlor floor,
housekeeping, family adults; piano; ga«; bath.
HARRISON. 7"I— S rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; rent 513
JUNIPER. 2. cfT Fclfom. bet. lOtn and Uth—
2 nice sunny hcueekeeping rooms; unfurn-
ished; rent tt>.
LEaVE.VWOP.TH. £17—3 runny unfurnished
rooms; rent reasonable.
MINNA, :S- Sunny furnished housekeeping and
f!r.gi» rooms, T5c and fl per week.
MISSION. 1""—; front and 1 rear connecting
rooms; furnished: coal Ftove; running water.
OAK. C4— Sunny unfurnished and furnished
hou»-ke«plng rooms; stationary tubs; bath. '
POLK. £;2-Furr.Ifhe<l and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms.
fE\-EXTEEXTJI. 3739— 2 or 3 furnished house-
keeplng rooms: HO to J13; one party adults. !
SILVER. IK., near Fourth— Parlor and kitchen,
furr.ithed for housekeeping.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. T200 Fillmore st.
Jl BRANCH oMce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ICtS Va-
lencia gt
tlOOMS TO I.KT — Fnm. and Unfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— lioomi
r' - to II per i.irrh 1 .. II 25 to SS per -week, and
light housekeeping; open all Dight.
BBODEBICK, 1924. corner Sacramento— Fur-
r.ish«*d bedroom, dining-room, kitchen.
CAROUXA. 425 — Two unfurnished rooms. $5;
nice for old couple; take Eighth st. car».
BURNETT. :42C Market et. (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nirh rm* . suites, single: also unfurnished.
ELLIS. US — Newly furnished, rooms for «;ents
or trm ar.d wives seeking' permanent loca-
lion.
J^OLSOM. 620. near Fourth— Furnished rooms, $1
per w»*-k.
FOLSOM. SC5. cor. Cth (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
r.lbhed sur.ny roocj«, slr.gie or suites; rea«onbl.
FOURTH. Z32hi — Nicely furnished bay-«rlndow
and uncle rooms: moderate: Quiet-
CEARY. Pieatant room; double bed; rent
ti.
CHART, 40S (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms: «-uHefc or r'.r.glr: travelers acoo'dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN. »outhea« corner Seventh
and Mission sts— Sunry rooms, en suit* or
tingle, ladies' parlor; reading- room: elevator.
ttlOTEL Francisco — Elegant suites; single: tran-
fctent: baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
3! OV.'Altl '. SiS. cor. Eth^Nlcely furnished tunny
rooms reasonable: by day. week or month.
LARKIN. J604— 2 sunny frcct rooms; also u»a
of kitchen and yard.
MARTHA rlare. «. off Gearj'. bet. Taylor and
Mason — 1 large eucsy front room: aiso front.
SJcALLISTER. J10V»— Room culUble for two;
fcaih and rse; rent fl
ailNNA. €67. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
«indovr room, tl per week; transient.
ailSFION. 1734, near Thirteenth— Nicely fur-
nished room, folding b«d. etove. bath, laundry;
%S a, month.
J«EW Arlington. io:s Market — Nicely furnished
rooms; Sic a day up; (2 a week up; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
efSees; elevator; electric lights; day. irk., mo.
yOST. r39— Bohemia; finest sunny rooms In city
for families and gentlemen; all conveniences;
references from the begt people In city.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean rms.; suites or sln-
gi«; transient; running water; rates reduced.
itOFEIMLE House. 211 and Xil Ellis it.— Room*,
night. S« to {1: week, tl r; to H; open Right.
j^OTAL HOUSE, lil Ellis St.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
ptrlor; rooms, per night. 25c to 11 60; week $2
' to ti; month 1% to t20: elevator on office floor.
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
6EVENTH. 112— Nicely furnished rooms; tunny;
with u?e of bath.
CHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st_.
t-ear Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
CIXTH. 11*A- Sunny bay window rooms, 12 (0 a
week; alfo rlngle roorns^
THE OAKS'. US Third— A rood rooming houM
for rood people-. 1J HUGHES, proprietor.
VALENCIA 11C2— 3 sunny front rooms, com-
plete; kitchen; large porch; washroom; <15.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
revived at Call branch effle*. SZOO Flllmor* st.
A ERATCCH efflte for Call advertisements and
rut wlptlons hn» been established at 1C88 Va-
I'^nela Bt.
nOOMS AM) BOARD.
CALIFORNIA. 807— An excellent opportunity to
recurs :-ir?i< i-'.arly desirable aoeexn. at mod-
*tt rat»-f Ft'eclal rates families: sunny rms..
en mite or fingle: best table m >»n Francisco.
XJOTFL ~ir.'Tli KRLA ND. T91 Sutter— Choicest
location- finely furnished; sjperJor table; ele-
vator; -l ;¦*:!«¦ rooms, with board. J20 up: suits
!n rroportlon. ' j
TniTnnA ducrt. i«w r » llforflU ~ N r w m ??'7? i
ffcir.ily hotel: excellent table; 100 beautifully
furnished rooms: moderate: phone Hyd« 2771. |
TX\- ENT Y -El \Tli~~~zm. near MIsslon-Nlcely
furr.lfhed tunny K>cn:s. with or wltnout I
board, at very r*asonabl» Drices. i
irP.ANKLlN. tOZ. corner Fultor.— Sunny front j
rooms; bsth; gas; breakfast and dinner; pri-
vate. ;
LjuS PALMAS. mo Market st.— Suit* of J or J
rrny.- nrtva'.e: bath: gin, rmn.: board optional.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED-: or 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
ISOSt W woft of TJevlaaderr. et. Ilo« 1-65. Call.
*I'i:< IAL IKOTICBS.
PILES— rETnTTriREiLING's" pile Valve. II per
o«x; warn:.ied to cure all cases of bleeding,
jtci-'lng external. Internal or protruding piles
»-!«hout fall, no metter of how long standing.
JCSS r»evisedero st.. near Butter^ .
ilOOMS papered from V. whitened. II up:
painting 4o£». Ilartman Paint Co.. £l» Third.
» An tr-.nr?c ejected for ti: colleetinna made;
rtPy £ * riuntrr. PACIFIC COLLKCTION
CO.. 416 Montromerr rt.. rooms 9-10: tel. w-M.
fEWISeT«AClIlXES .VAO SLITLIES. j
At t kinrts bought, sold and repairing guaran- |
teed Chan. Plambeck. 1»15 Mlwlon. nr. l&th. j
IIFNTED repaired, bought, sold : machine sup-
p\leB.SliB&kr& Agency. 14S tth; phora Mint 6.
ALL kinds bought, •old, exchanged, rented; '
repalrlcs at lowett rate*. 205 Fourth gt» 1
PROPOSALS for 8tate Prison supples— Bids
will be received by the State Board st Prison
Directors at Ssn Quentln. up to the hour
cf .|ft:M a. m. of- July 7, 1800. for supplying
the State Prison at San Quentln 'with coal
fer the ensuing fiscal year. A certified check
equal to 10 per cent of the bid. payable to th«
president of the board, must accompany each
bid. Schedules and conditions to br had on
application to the rlertc.
R. M. ¦ PITZOEHALD. President.
J. V. ELLIB. Clerk.
Leave San Francisco Tla Sausallto Ferrr:
WEEK DAYS 9:30 a. m.. 1:49 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. J:3a p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. 31 44.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
WEEKLY CALL
81 per Year*
Enlarged to 16 Pages
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62oKEABXT*T. Established
In 1H34 tor the treatment of Prlvats
Utsemses, tost Macbnod. Debility or
diseaseTeaxingOH bodyanri ralndand
Skin Diseases. l"h«<1oc:orcui*svi-h*»!i
others falL Try him. Churg t* low
Cnre*gaaraatee< i i. CiUlorwrUn,
Dr. J. V. VIB8O.V. B*z l&A-.San fftasdsco
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 22. 1900.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
?ORTiTiS^^RAlI^
AND SAN RAFAEL.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL V-ALLET
WEEK DAYS— 7:00, *8:S0. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.:
12:45, '1M5, »:15. 4:15.. *i:\h, 6:15. 6:40 p. ra
EXTRA TItlPS-For Mill Valley and ' San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 11:00 and 11:35 i>. m. .
SUNDAl'8- 7:00. *S:CO. «9:00. 'lOiOO, 11:00. ll-Sft
a. m.; «:45. »l:30. 2:30. •3:46. 5:00. 6:00, 7:20
p. 'm. .
11:00 a. tn. does not run to San Rafael Sum.
days. . '
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
KROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAY8-B:33. *6:S0. T:;0. 8:40. .'IOiU «.
m.1 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. *3:3O. 4:30. 5:30 p. m
EXTRA* TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
• nd Saturdays at »6:45 and 10:20 p. rn.
SL'NPAYS-6:15. *»:00, »9:50, •11:00a. m.- »ijoo
ro.; 1:00. 2:15/ •8:30, 4:30. # 5:45. 6:45. 7:30. io!29
p. m. : ¦ •
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:C3, 6:45. 8:00. 8:56. 10:30 II
ra.M2:$3.M:<5. 2:43. 3:30. 4:E0. 5:M p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. ..
SUNDAYS— 6:S5. 8:05. 10:05, 11:10 a. m.: 12UL
1:20 2:30, 3:45. 4:55. 6:15. 7 :C5. 10:30 p. m.
. ', • .. THP.OUOH TRAIXa
7:00 a, m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadcro. and way sta-
tion*. -.- . ¦ •-.
6:15 p. m. wetkdaya (Saturdays excepted)—
FolnttReyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Hundaya— Caiadero and way sta-
tions. ..... •_ ¦ ,.. ._¦-- .• . ;
11:45 .'p.* m.~. Sundays— Point Reyes and. way
¦fUUfiUL..' ¦ . r ¦¦- :¦
Gen. Pas». Agent-
Stairea connect at Panta Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrnna: ot Lyt.ton for I-ytton Springs: at
Oeyserville for Skagxs Sprlr.c»: at Cloverdalo
for the Geysers; at Hoplsnd for Duncan
Spring. Highland Sprtnr*. Keijervllte. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakrrcrt and Barttett
Pprinirs; at Trklah for Vichy Sprtnr^. Saratoga
Springs. Btue I- 'fe««. T.aurel D«ll La.k«. Wittor
Springs. Vpper Lake, Porno. Potter Va!l>v,
John Day's, Riverside. Herley's. BurTsnell's.
Sanhei* in Heights. . Hull-rlll*. Orr's Hflt
Springs. Mendoclrjo City. Fort Bras:?. 'West-
port. L**al. WIDCs. iJaytonvtlle. Cun»m!r.s.
Bell's Spriass. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Soot!.*
und Eureka.
PaturrlaT to Monday ronnJ trio tickets at
reduced rates. /
On Sunday ronnd trip tickets to all points
bevor.d San Rafael at half rates.
Tlrket office*. CO Market St.. ChnntcTe b!ij.
II. C. W1I1TINO. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager.
TREASURY Department. Office of General Su-
perintendent U. S. Life-saving Service, Wash-
ington. D. C. June 1*. 1S00- Sealed proi>o8als
will be rereired at this office until 2 o'clock
p.m. of Thursday, the ISth day of July. 1900,
and then publicly opened, for furnishing sup-
plier required for use of the Llfe-eavlnjc Ser-
vice for the fiscal year ending June J3. 1801;
the supplies to be delivered at »uch points In
New Tork ¦ City, Grand Haven. Mich.. an<*
San Francisco. Cal.. as may be required, and
In the quantities named In the specifications.
The supplies needed consist of beds and bed-
dinff: block* and nhe&vea; cordaire; crockery-
furniture: hardware: lamp*, tanterm. etc. •
lumber; medicine*, etc.; paints, oils, etc.;
ship chandlery: stoves, etc; tools and mls-
f cellaneous articles; all of vrhlch are enumer-
ated In the epeclflcatlons attached to the form
of bid. etc.. which may be obtained upon ap-
Fllration tu this office or to the Inspector of
.Ife-savlng Stations. 17 Btate »t.. New York
«'lty; Superintendent .Eleventh Llf^-savlng
r>l#tr1«t. Grand Haven. Mich., and Superin-
tendent Twelfth I_.lfe-savlnit Dlatrlct. New
Appraisers' Stores. San Francisco, Cal'. En-
velopes containing proposals should l>« ad-
dre*»e<I to the "O^nernl Superintendent I'
P. Life-saving Service. Washington. D. C..* ;
and marked on the .outside "Proposal for An-
nual Supplies." The rlpht 1» reserved to re-
ject any or all bids, and to waive defects if
deemed for the interest* of the Government
HORACE I* PIPER. Acting General Super-
intendent. ¦ ' '
Iwave I la Effect. 1 Arrlvo
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1900-1 San Francisco.
Week J Bun- J ! Sun- I Week
Pars- I ga>»- I Destination.] days. | Dayi.
T:3O ami i:00»m NovatOL 10:40 tra! »:40 am
»:3O pm >:3O am Petalurna. S:OS pm!10:2S am.
»:W pm| 6:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm: 6:20 pra
Fulton.
I:S0 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburff.
Lytton.
Oeyserville.
J:JO pm 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:23 pm <:23 pra
7:10 am! I Hopland I [10:25 am,
S:Z> pm| 8:00 ami and Uktah. | 7:8$ pra! »:»> pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
S:00ara GuernevMIe. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm «:»» P^
7 30 am! 8:C0 am! Sonoma I 9:13 ami S:IOaa
1 » n< * '
8:13 pm; S:00 pmf Clen Ellen. [ s:05 pm| «:» gn>
« 30 amj 8 :CO ami 110:40 am; 10:25 in
3:30 pm! 5:C0 pm! Scbastcpol. | 7:53 pm <:!0 pm
PROPOSALS.
SEALED propoM.1* for furnlBhlnR armor for
naval vessels will be received at the Navy
Department until 12 o'clock noon. August It.
1900. when they .will be publicly opened.
Forms of proposals and all necessary Infor-
tnatlon m»y be obtained from the Chief of
the Bureau of Ordnanc. Navy Department,
Washington, D C. F. W. HACKBTT.
6-8-1800. Acting Secretarv.
MVVHBBH PAVIVIO .COHPABl
(FACiriO STNTRM.)
Trnlna lourr nml nit> «lu« !• urrtV* ••
N4N KUAN«!IM*:o.
{Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
tiAVi — Frou Mat 13. 1900. — t»m
•7:00a Bcnfcla, Suiiuii, Elmlra, VscatGl*
Iluruscy »ml 4aer*uieuV> *7i43»
•TsUOa Shuta KiDn as- Maria. W«llama(for
liartlett Si.tlr.io). Willow*. Kad
Uliitf, l«orUaiid... 7 *7»«ar
•7:S'4» Msrtino>, Hag IUrm<B,VitIle]o, Nap*.
t.'aliiitogiisiiil.Saiits, Kosa *<lil.1r
'«:<>(> a D*tU, \\ •K»lland. KuighU Landlnr
M»rj»»illc. l>ro»!!l« •7l4Sr
•H:0O* Atlsutlc i;ipreM-<>ctIeu uml Rut •11(434
¦»i3OA ,S»m .)iis«, Li»«rniurr, NtorktMii,
Jimb. Hacriiiifiito. rixcrrrlUe,
Mhi-»»1H«. Chlco. I ted Illnif *4:l.1r
•SiSUa O»k.U!». Chiun* (for Yuaemlte).
H.Hiora. Carter* ••Stltir
•U:OO* Ilitjvrar.ii, Mitt s »nd \V»j rtUUons. M I:4S»
•U:OUa Log Auffles Express — .Msrllnei,
Trucy. ijttlirui>. Mockton, M«ro«il
ami Kronnu *Oit!»»
•!l:;t<>A VhII'-Jo. Mintiuoi ami '.7«r Stations •O:«.1r
•tOMMt* The O»er) kii.l Mmllcr!— O k Jeu. Den-
Ter, On.aha. Cliicngn # 5il.ir
•1I:OOa KsIis. Minrtuore. Ktookton. Sacra-
m.-.,»- Mrt:il<.ta. lUnfurd. VUalla.
r..tiri>iila 'lilSr
• ISlOOM Il»ywr.r.i», Nllea anil Way Htatlona. a St4Sl
tllAOr Miic/mnmilK Hirer Hi.hmi.ih tA:O<iA
¦SlOOp llayviiriln, Nllesmiil Way ijtatinm. 'SUSP
•l:(u»r Mxirli.*-*. Sail IUioo... VnIUJo.
Niipn. OkIIhIok". Suiiln ItoM •KilUt
•4 1 II Up ISvuii-U. V'lutors. «acrmi.ei»o,
WmiiIIuiiiI, Knivlita Lsudlug,
Msrysfllle, <)r..»ill« *IO:4««
¦4iS<>r Nile*. Man. timeaud Htockton *7tlHv
•Si««rTU« Owl M ml ti-d— Tracy, Kreino. ,.; •¦.
lUH<:r»liulil. Hki||-ii* f:.r Santa liar-
bar*, l.'.s Augttlea *»:*»»
*3:00r Froma I'aiwengcr— .Mirtlm -i. Lath.
• rnp. .-Stuck 1 1. ii. Mi-m.imI. Uereada
(Kayraond for Yoaexr.it*), I' rwii.o. . *!3:l5r
•SiKOrNew Jrlraiit EiprfM- luk^r»r.c|.l.
ttautn lUrhara. l.»n Auiii-lm. Driu-
lux, I'l P»piu. Nuw OrU-aus and
Kast •»i*3«
*.1iB«r Hanta F* Umi'o— AMmillc Ktpreai
-¦ fi» Miilma iml K>it "«il.1r
•B-.K-.r Haywvil*. Nilm»udrteu Josi •7>49a
t»:O«l- Vall^Ji.... *iaill»F
•tliOOrOrlrnUI Maii-O|>l«u, Vhvjrohi.
Omaha. Chicago '11143a
•aiOUpUrientnl .M»!l— Ogden. Denrer.
Umtlii.' (.Iiiow MilSr
. ITiOOr Valii-j.i. 1'i.rt i:<wii and War (ita-
tlona J»i.13r
•¦i»5r Oi.ki.ii ami Cftllfurnl* K«|.i ( .«.h«o.
ixiiiolitii. Mar)ntllle. If.-.i.lli.K.
r.Mtl.ni.1. I-iik^i. N...I...I ¦»¦.. I fnm\ «g«la4
- COAST ItlVIMIO (>arro>« Uiiuge).
(r'init if Mirktl ijifti-l.i
(7i43a bant* t.'nu excursion for Hauta
' Criir. arj.1 iVind^oU Way Sutiima ISiOSr
•¦iISa N««rark.l>iit.r«i!li-..-:»ii.liw).l'Vlti.ii.
' • Hun! lrr('n.i-li,«ai .tr.Cnuanil \V»f
Statioim *0:*«»
t»:l»r Newark, Cental rlll-j. Ran .line, Jlew
. Alnia.lKii, K-ltni.. ItiMililHr (,'rvak.
Santa Crux an.) I'linrliml Waf
Stallona f •"!¦"»••
'•4:l»p Nowark. Sin .!(.•», !.iw Ciar/m "S^Wa
a4il5p ClenwiKxI. Feltou, Han'a ('nil c":!V«»*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrmSlH mUCtSCO— fitt •' Matlisl Itrrat (Sit* 8) —
•7:16 0.0O HOOa.U. |1:CO *2:30 13:00
•4:00 |B:CD *B;:3r.-.
rr«a0lIUl3 — F«»t «f Br..Jw.f.— -8:00 800 10:00*. H.
tI8:0a- -M:33 1 2:C0 ; 3:03 <t:03 '5:03^11.
(OAST DIVISION (ItruaitliNiijrit).
(Thlr.l ni.il TomiiwiiiI St^.)
t«ll»A <)cn»n Vitv.v, South r**n Krstncii-O".. tOiS*t>
t7iO«»A Han .Iiibk km. I VVtiy Slul.ii. i.n (.Now
Almadmi W«fili.a»iU|aiHily) *littr
I7iUOi Sunc'.ny Kzcura!oo f r Han Joss, : *
8anta Cr-iz. 1'aciflc tinna aud
Principal Way .Stations JS:33f
•0iO«a Han Juao. Trra fliwa, Nnnta Crux,
I'aclili; Crnrt). I'aso Itnliln, San
l.nin OUixpn. frnrt. I,OlnpOC and ,
lMnci|.»l Way MUMut.a ( 4:IOr
•IOiIOa San Jos* and Way .-il»tio>.« -*H::i.1a
*IIi3»a ,S«n.li»ii,LoaOatoa»niUVa>.SUllniia *3im»r
f4: !.'>)¦ Man MatfU, 1u.1wi.im1. MhiIo Falfc,
Talu Alto. Mar.tal/'lara. Saii'.l ¦.«•. '
Tres I'inos. .SHi.ta (;r»i, Salhia'a.
Montervy ami 1'aclHc Cmv* fl€H3«A
t8iB»r ManJuasand Way Htalluua •Ts.lHr
H:l3r San Josh and Triireirsl WayXttttoni *0>45a
tSiVOpSan .Toae, Lus Gatos and I'rlucipal
• Way Station* , »»:«»*
*S:8Op San.lnaa ami 1'rinclpal Way Stations 1 »::i5a
*«i»«lp6an Jostantl WayHtatlona t>*:<M> A
fll:4.Tp San Jwaaud Way SUtluua *7:SOr
A (or Morinni. V tot Afternoon.
"Dally.' tUuiday eteepted. J Sunday only.
"-i--i.-"" • • « Saturday only.
• Baturdsr and Suodar. cSuuday ud Moadxr.
CHARLESTON, S.C,
AND RETffiN, Yia lhe
Santa Fe Route
. Tickets gooJ for sixty days and
sold on
JULY I and 2.
Take the first train on the new
line leaving San Francisco at
9 A. ffl. SUNDAY, July I.
Ticket Office at 6:8 Market St.
EXCURSION BATES
Tfl TUB! CflOT
IU I I1L jlHOIi
On July 1? and 20. and August 4th. tickets
from Denver. Colorado Springs. Pueblo to Cchl-
cago, St. Louis: ami Intermediate points, and re-
turn, will be sold by the. -.--.- ¦
GREAT
ROCK ISLAND
ROUTE
. At Rate or
One Regular Fare Pius $2-00 for Round Trip.
Qetnrn Limit CeUber 31. 1900.
SPECIAL TRAINS.
ONE NIGHT OUT TO CHICAGO. Tickets also
gooU on regular trains.
ONLY DISHCT LI>E FROM COLORADO
SPRINGS AiND MAMTOU.
Take advantage of these cheap rates and
spend your vacation In your old homes. Sleep-
ing Car Reservations may be made now for any
of, the excursions, f Write for full Information
CLINTON JONE9. O. A.. San Francisco. CaL
E. W. THOMPSON.. A. O. P. A.. Topeka. Kan
JOHN SEBASTIAN. G. P. A., Chicago. '
DIVIDEND notice-San Francisco Savings
Union. VI California St.. corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the 30th of June.
1*60. a dividend has been declared at the rate
p«r annum of three and six-tenths <3 6-10) per
cent on term deposits and three (3) per cent
on ordinary oeposlts. free of tares, payable
on and after MONDAY. July t. 1900.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— The German Pavings and
Ivan Society. E2f California st.— For the half
year ending with June 30. 1900. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
half (3H) percent per annum on all deposttn.
free of taxes, payable on and after MONDAY,
July t 1900. OEO. TOURNY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA N08THWESTERN RT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRAHCiSCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry. Foot ot .Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. t:00. 11:60 ». ra.: 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. «:3O p. m. Thursdays — Extr» trsj»
at 11 :W o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and n::o d. m.
6i:NDAYS-S:C0. 3:S0. 11:00 a. m.; 1:». J:M.
6:00. S:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO 8 AN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:60. t:20, 11:19 a. m.; 12:«.
1:40. 5:15 p. m. S*turrlay»-Extra trips at
1:£3 and 6 35 n. m.
SUNDAYS— S:10. 9:*0. 11:10 a. ra.; 1:*8. 3W.
B:O5. «:2S p. m. '
Between San Francisco and Schuatzen Paric
tame schedule as above.
DIVIDEND notice — Dividend Na 1CS (fifty
cent* per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, S27 Market st., on and after MON-
DAT. July 2. I90O. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, June 26. 1900. at 3 o'clock p m
- E. H. SHELDO.V. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Mutual Savings Bank of
Ean Francisco. S3 Post st. For the half
year ending June 30, 1900. a dividend hu
been -declared at the rate of thre« <3> per cent
per annum cn atl deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Monday. July 2, 1900.
GEOnGE A. STORY. Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society IS
Geary St.— The directors have declared the'fol-
lowlne semi-annual dividends: 2 60 per cent
r*r uinum on term and 3 per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 2. IV». ERNEST URAXD. Sec.
UIVIDE.NO .NOTICES.
And Market-Street
Ferry Depot-
Ticket Office
628 Market Street
HOME for yount people, students or business;
piano, etc. : terms reasonable. Apply 812 Clay
»t. before 9 a, m. or after 6 D. m.
OAKLAND ROOMS AMI HOARD.
The first train will leave by the SANTA FE
ROUTE at 9 a. m., going to KANSAS CITY
and CHICAGO without change.
OAKLAND FirRMSHKD COTTAGES.
TO let for three months— Furnished cottage;
Highland Park. East Oakland; 6 large rooms;
cas. water, bath: delightful location: no fog
OTtourk'e A Jacknon. l<>02 Broadway. Oakland!
ULl 111 Ul lwlis3V^V/
To ...
WANTED — Read this: Want aa 8-room house
In East Oakland or elsewhere: will -give S10OO
cash and a good property consisting of an s-
room flat worth J2000. all clear. Apply to AL-
DEN CO.. 111S Broadway.
MODERN cottaee with barn on street between
T>leirrarri' avw. ¦nd Grove Ft.: la'rtre lot: a
bargain for Quick pale: will trade for clear
vacant lot. M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth and
Broadway.
To-.'. .
OAKLAXD RfiAI. ESTATE.
IIS00— EASTLAKE cottage of 5 rooms, bath and
hl*h basement; lot 25x140 feet; eunny front;
clow to San Pablo ave.; street work all done:
walking distance of the City Hall; must sell
on account cf mortgage.
GEO. \V. AUSTIN * CO..
.Real Estate Broken,
1008 Broadway.
J22S0— ELEGANT Mven-roomnl new Colonial
cottage: lot 49x149 feet: on ennny side of Btreet
In nice location; half b'.oclt from electric carj
In Piedmont; carries flat mortgage JIOOG at S
per cent; mu«t be #>old.
CKO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
| Real Estate Brokers,
1008 Broadway.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
FRflTVALE It UAL. KSTATK.
CHANCE of a. lifetime to get a beautiful home
in FruitvaJe. near MaUon. half a block from
school; NW. cor.. . r .jxll5; under cultivation;
easy terms. Apply on rremife*. corner M-r-
rill and Putnam st*.. Kruftvnle.
FRUITTALE ADVERTISEMENTS
UERKI3I.UV UBAL ESTATE.
tWOO— ELEGANT »-room home, complete in all
details; Funtiy; corner lot; adjacent to U. C. ;
ciegant marine view.
|l*50— fi-room cottar^ with lot 40x135; Runny
tilde of str««t: u minutes' walk to U. C
ground*; a map.
145 per foot; choicest buildlns lot: 1 block
ot V. C- 75x130. M. L. WURTS.
Fevenf-enth and Broadway, Oakland.
A GREAT bargain— Only J3S00 for an U-room
houpe; convenient to cars and schools. O. O.
MAY Sc CO.. J123 Center st.
OOD ten-room house on corner lot; 1 block
from university; price J40O0. O. O. MAY Ji
CO., 2113 Center Ft.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure: bargains: one-flfth run: bal-
ance In 1, :. 1 cr < years. Alameda Savings
Bank. ' "
ALAMCDA REAL USTATE.
GRAND new house of I rooms and bath and
basement: just finishing; lower flrjer In white
wood:- M- foot lot. See owner and house at
1223 Regent st.
ip 5 " ¥ ¥^ C^ l HF q T^ /I ¥ 1\ T 1
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
TVPKWltlTKIlh AND SLl'I'LlliS.
aREAT^BARGAINS IN~TTPEW^ITKRS^We
•ell better machines for less money than any
houss In th» city; rentals, JJ. The Typewriter
Eirhanre. EM California, telephone Main JC«.
WILSQN -BROS.. su>ra«* «nd moving: covered
van*. Tenth and Market: phone South 761.
1SEKIXS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St..
tel. Main 1S10— Packing, moving and storage.
FINE yard for cheap stonute; fenced in; near
Second et. Apply 64 Silver St.. off Third.
DIED.
Anderson, John L. Mlnahan. ' Eartholo-
Cllnton. Alice mew
Dunphy, Margaret Morris. Leon
Davis. Laurence Rodgers. Anna
Hendrickson. ¦ C. V.- Steele. John J.
Kline, Reglna Sandberg. John F.
Kohler. Alexander Bchultz. Carrie B.
McCall. Edward Temby, William
Macdonald. Donald ' Welsh. Ella
Mills. Samuel C.
ANDERSON— In the City and County Hospital.
June 23. 1800, John L. Anderson, a native of
California, aged 32 years.
CLINTON— In Stockton. June 22. 1900, Alice,
beloved daughter of Rose and the late Thomas
Clinton, and sister of Joseph Clinton, Mrs.
John O'Rourke and Mrs. John O'Connor, a
native of County Armagh. Ireland, aged *3
yenrs.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
]>arlurs of McGinn ilros.. SI Eddy street,
thenee to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a eol-
fran re<julem ma?s will be celebrated for lhe
repoBe of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock
Interment Holy Croes Cemetery.
DUNPHY— In this city. Jun- 24. 1900. Margaret,
relict of the late Edward XJunphy, a native
o:' Ireland, agru <$ years.
DAVIS— In this city, June 24. 1900, Laurence,
beloved Infant son of Moe E. and Grace H.
Davis, a native of San Francisco, ae^d 7
da>«.
HENDRICKSON-In Fort Bragg. June 12, 1900.
C. V. Hemlrickson. husband of Maria A. Hen-
drickson. father of Victoria and Olga Hen-
drickson. and brother of Stenberg: Hendrick-
eon. a native of Finland, aged 38 year*.
KLINE— In this city. June 24. 1000. Regina.
relict of the late Louis Kline, and beloved
mother of B. V. Relchenberz. Mrs. A.
H. Greenbere. H. Iokelheimer and David
Klin-, a native of MuDlch, Germany, aged
6< >fars and 1 month.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
KOHLF.lt— In the City and County Hospital.
June 24. WyO, Alexander Kohler. a native of
Russia, need SC year3.
Mo\\LI#-In this city. June 23. 1900. on board
British ship Elrahurst, Edward McCall. late
of Liverpool. England, a native of Scotland,
aged , r .2 years.
C7Fiier.d» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.", 123'J Market street, between
Kiehth mid Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
MACDOXALD— In Berkeley. June 24. 1900.
l>onald. beloved huFband of Mary Macdon-
ald. and father of Johnan. Theresa and Mary
A. Macdonald. Mrs. John Hose, Mrs. John
Carney, Mr*. M. Mahoney. Mrs. Richard
Moore. Mrs. A. E. M. Prenveille and Mrs.
Julia Macnell. a .native of Scotland, aped
75 years 1 month and 6 days. (Cape Breton,
Nova Hcotla. papers please copy.)
MILLS-In this city. June 2J, 1900. Samuel
Clarendon Mills, beloved husband of Anna- E.
Mills, and father of Samuel C. Ed J.. Heron
Valentine. Geor«re J.. Frank J. and Sabln
Lewis Mills. Mrs. A. Seabold. Mrs. J. C.
Martell and Mrs. Clarence F. Berry.
MINAHAN— In this city, at St. Mary's Hospi-
tal. June ?3. 1300. Bartholomew Mtnahan. be-
loved brother of John and Daniel Mlnahan
and Mrs. J. Driscoll of Vallejo and the late
Mrs. Richard Haley, a native of Ireland,
aced 33 years.
(C^The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at Vallejo. on th« arrival of the
7:30 o'clock train from San Francisco, thence
to Pt. Vincent's Church, where a requiem htgh
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul. Interment St. Vincent's Cemetery. Va-
llejo. Remains ot the rarlors of the United
MORRIS— In Alameda. June 24, 1300, Leon, be-
loved »on of Mr. and Mrs. J. Morris, and
brother of Jack. Irvln. Rose and Nettle Mor-
ris, a native of Stockton, Cal., aged 27 years
2 months and 1« days.
CT'Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from the residence of his uncle,
K. Morris. 1909 Webster street, at 10 o clock,
thence by 11:30 train from corner of Third
i"-ii.. t.t tu i'> >a'em i.'emetery.
RODGERS-In the City and County Hospital,
June 24. WOO, Anna Rodgers. a native of Ire-
land, aged 65 years.
6TEELE- In this city. June 22. 1900. John Jo-
seph, beloved son of John D. and the lat. 1
Louise Steele. and brother of Elizabeth E.
Steele. a native of San Francisco, aced 15
years 6 months and 31 days.
[C^Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his 'aunt, Mrs. William Merkelback. 52
Chesley street, between Harrison and Bry-
ant. -Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
SANDBERG-In this city, June 24, 1900, John
F., beloved husband of Augusta Sandberg.
and father of Edith. Gunner and Conrad
Sandbergr. a native of Sweden, aged 32 years
7 months and 23 deays.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from Swedish Evangelical Luth-
eran Ebenezer Church. Mission Btreet. be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, where services -will
be held, commencing; at 2 o'clock. Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SCHULTZ— In this city. June 24. 1900. Carrie
B.. beloved daughter of Catherine and the
late Philip Schultz, and slater of Mabel. Maud
and Edna Pchultz and Mra. Remington, a
native of San Francisco, aged 21 years 2
(CTFriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother. 2S55 Sixteenth street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TEMBY-In New Almaden. Cal., June 24. 1900,
William, beloved husband of Ana, Maria
Temby, and father of Mrs. Urcllla Mathews
and Etta and Willie Temby. a native of
England, aged 66 years 9 months and 12
days.
(prFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Hacienda. Interment Oak Hill Ceme-
tery.
WELSH— In Watsonvllle, June 24. 1900. Ella,
beloved daughter of James and Ellen Welsh,
and loving sister of Richard. Mangle, John
and James Welsh, a native ef San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years and 3 months. •
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
MAHBJED.
OAfiTON'-STMON— In this city, June 2L 1900.
by the Rev. E. G. Jiathena, D.IX, James
Gaston and Eva 13. • Eymon. both of San
Francisco.
LEWIS— SILVA— In "this- city. June ».190o, by
the Hev. B. O.-Mathena, D.D., William H.
Lewis and. Mamie V. Silva. both of San
1> «5J FI^ t0 X aee and Furniture Movin* Com-
P»ny. tm FUlmore et.; phone Jackson 2S1.
I j*"T.v^. ''-. ».-¦¦:«'.-¦'>.> '...'.. -.¦.»•¦.¦:-.¦.-¦' . -... --, • •.••¦ '.-•.-. ¦¦¦¦-¦¦¦¦ . . jDO you want to see a great show? If so secure your tickets at once for the
big benefit performance in aid. of the widow and children " of, the brave
Fireman John Edward Sweeney. The event will be one of the greatest
theatrical treats ever produced In this city, the seats only cost a dollar!
you will have a most enjoyable time and you will be doing. an act of charity by
attending the big show in the Grand Opera House next Friday: afternoon. The
stage managers of the benefit are George Lask, Harry Orndorff, H.'A. Cripps, John
Morrisey and Phil Hastings. They meet to-morrow afternoon to/ make arrange
ments for the programme, but they have already given out a line on the treat
they have in store for those who will attend.
In the first place, It is more than possible that the first part of the perform
ance will be a minstrel show. "Teddy" Hartman, Mathews and Bulger, Gilbert
and Goldle will be the funny end men and Edv.-in Stevens will be the interlocutor.
During this act Maude Courtney will sing some 'of' those patriotic songs that she
has made such a hit In, and pretty Annie Lichter wlllalso grace the 'stage.* The
Columbia Theater will send a representative,' and though Henry Miller has ; not
bjeen seen as yet by the managersof , the benefit, it Is certain that he will consent
to give a little sketch. Florence Roberts and White ..Whlttlesey will 'present 'a
scene from "Romeo and Juliet," and hosts of good people" will appear to' make' the
programme one of the strongest that has ever been, given in California! *'.' The
Theatrical Employes' Protective Union met yesterday and to show that they
were right in line, communicated with the management of the benefit and offered
their services for the afternoon free. They recognized the brave act of hero
Sweeney and want in some way to pay their respects to his unselfish bravery.
The box office of the Grand Opera House will open at 9 a. mr Tuesday and
those who have purchased tickets will b'e i able to exchange them for reserved
seats. The Hue should extend way up to Market street. _
The donations "to' the fund: yesterday were very small, but then Sunday is a
day when people don't come downtown. ¦ .The* "email sum of $24 50 has been re
ceived since Saturday night, making the grand total to date $4045 30.
Mrs. Bweeney wanta.to get a small home for herself and her four young fa
therless children and the above, amount, won't gofar toward getting it. So give
your mite .to the, good cause,' and ; If , you think that you would like to see a show i
Friday afternoon buy .a. few tickets and com© down and see "tho greatest show
SWEENEY BENEFIT TO
BE A DRAMATIC TREAT
A number of local retail fruit dealers
held a meeting yesterday afternoon and
organized the "Retail Fruit Dealers' As
sociation of San Francisco." The^follow
ing firms were represented at the meet
ing: A. Romaln & Co.. Pollto & Babbins,
Bennetti & Co., Murretti Del Carlo & Co.,
A. Fontana, L. Raffo, Dominichinl & Co.,
Delia Maggiora Bros., L. Longo. G. Pug-
Hasi. PuglianelHBros., William Pagani.nl.
Charles Labane, D. Del Carlo, A. Galetta,
Fruit Dealers . Organize.
Solemn and impressive were the
funeral ceremonies "held over the re
mains of ,the late James I. Jamison,
under the auspices of California Par
lor, X. S. G. W., at the hall on Mason
street yesterday afternoon. Several hun
dred members of the order gathered to
pay the last tribute to one who in life
was a zealous worker In its behalf, and
the hall was filled with many other
friends of the deceased bent on the same
sorrowful errand. The ceremonies were
conducted entirely by the officers of Cal
ifornia Parlor, who were seated In their
respective chairs of honor.
Louis Lacaze, president of California
Parlor, read the regular funeral ritual of
the order, assisted by "W. D. Hobro, first
vice president; J. F. Lenihan, second vice
president; W. E. Rowlands, third - vice
president, and Remberg Jansen.past pres
ident. After the singing of "One by One",
by the Knickerbocker Quartet the sor
rowing widow and other relatives took
seats near the . bier and the invocation
was read by -jfr. Lacaze, with responses
bv the officers. The quartet pang "Rock
of Apes'* and "Abide With Me,* which
Kinging was followed by a beautif ul
eulogy delivered with deep feeling by E.
•'•We are gathered here," said Mr. Wolf,
"to express the sentiments we feel on thl3
sad day. No one who has ever sworn al
legiance to the order of Native Sons was
more warmly enshrined In the hearts of
Us members than he who lies here before
vou and for whom we sincerely mourn.
He was for twenty years a valued mem
ber of the organization. He was * past
president of California Parlor, president
of the California Camp of the Argonauts
and at the time of his. death assistant
errand secretary- The best efforts of his
short life were given to the upbuilding of
an organization which we so deeply cher
ish. We feel the loss of a wise counselor
who has gone to meet his reward for a
life well spent. He dies, but his memory
still lives and his legion of friends will
ever bear testimony to the sterling worth
and character of James J. Jamison,, whose
pood deeds will live."
The quartet sang "Nearer, My God, to
Thee," and the exhortation was delivered
by Remberg Jansen/ The members of
California Parlor took a last look at
the remains of their departed comrade
and the casket was then borne to the
hearse by Pallbearers John McDougall,
John Grady, Henry Lunstedt, James
O'Dwyer, Charles H. Smith, I. Gurman
dex, W. H. Stanlels, Mose jSphralm and
B. w. Decker. Headed by 400 members
of California Parlor " the . funeral cortege
proceeded up Post street to Hyde,' where
~A grand patriotic mass meeting under
the auspices of the American Young Peo
ple's Christian Temperance Union will be
given to-night at the Youpg Men's Chris
tian Association Hall, corner of Mason
and Ellis streets. An- address will be de
livered by the Rev. John A.- B. Wilson
on tho "Present Duty of American Pa
triots." Patriotic, songs are to be sung
by the audience. H. H. Bell, president of
the American Young People's Christian
Temperance Union, will preside.
Will Stimulate Patriotism.
Promenade Concert and Ball.
The band of the Leagues^of the Cross
Cadets will give a second proihenade con
cert and- ball in Hoover Hall, 1327 Market
street, to-morrow evening. These'"con
certs have proven to -be of -high order
and are greatly enjoyed. ' The band has
been augmented and under an efficient
leader has improved remarkably in its
playing. The members of the regiment
will be .present in large numbers and in
their natty uniform. The ball. will be in
thejnature of a military, assembly.
Officer Sullivan, who is considered one
of- the. beat nthletes. in the department,
led th» race after the fugitive. Cav
anaugh followed closely and the trio rush
ed over several streets, finally returning
to the corner of Montgomery and Sacra
mento. ; There Sullivan caught the man
and attempted to stop his flight. The ex
convict at once turned on his captor and
gave battle. Sullivan had ¦ no club and
was obliged to fight with his bare fists.
The struggle lasted some time and finally
Santry -was knocked to the ground by a
well directed blow from the 'officer. H«
waa picked up and returned to the station.
His ' face gives . evidence , of • a\ severe;en
counter^ but -the officers received only
a - few minor, bruises. ,". / " *
Officer Cavanaugh at once started the
prisoner' for. the California-street Police
Station.' Santry became abusive on the
way and gave the officer a : great deal of
trouble. He did not, however, make any
attempt to escape until the door of the
station was reached, when he dealt Cav
anaugh a severe blow which almost
stunned him for a second. 'Then the crook
made a , break for liberty. '¦' j
,The police were immediately informed
and the work of locating the perpetrators
of the crimes commenced. Suspicion was
directed to Joseph Santry. who has served
time in the StatePrison for numerous of
fenses, and later In the day the officers
obtained positive evidence that he waa
the guilty party. Last night about' 9
o'clock Santry waa arrested > by Sergeant
of Police James Donovan and Orflcer
James Cavanaugh on 1 Kearny street.
Early yesterday morning two bold burg
laries were committed in the commercial
section. The saloon of Gus 'Wiloh at Com
mercial and Davis streets was broken Into
and about the same time the door of an
other saloon at Drumm and Commercial
streets was forced and the place entered.
The crooks who committed the job se
cured but little in -either place and the
total loss will only reach $50.
Two policemen, David V. Sullivan and
James Cavanaugh, had' a desperate en
counter last evening with Joseph Santry,
an ex-convict, .who was- wanted on sus
picion of having committed two early
mc.iilng burglaries in the commercial dis
trict. The prisoner at flrat assaulted one
of his captors a*nd broke away. He waa
pursued several blocks before being cap
tured and at Sacramento and Montgomery
streets a fight for life commenced, but
the criminal was at length subdued by
a blow from* Sullivan which brought him
to the ground and he was placed behind
the bars, his name having been registered
on the detinue book.
Suspected Burglar Makes
an Attempt to Escape
From Officers.
POLICE BATTLE
FIERCELY WITH
DESPERATE MAN
Impressive Ceremonies Held
Over the Remains of a
Dead Brother.
NATIVE SONS'
TRIBUTE TO TIE
DEPARTED ONE
A. Musanti. G. Glullano and N. Delia
Magrglora. ¦ T^\ v
Permanent officers were elected as fol
lows: President, G. Fontana; vice presi
dent. V. Pironi; secretary,. John L. Pollto;
treasurer, M. Babblns; board of directors;
R. Munetti, S. Delia Maggiora. D. Del
Carlo, J. Bennetti, F. Dominlchini.
Among the members of the order pres
ent were C. A. Boldeman, Grajid Second
Vice President L. F. ¦ Byington, Grand
Treasurer Henry S. Martin, Grand Trus
tees J. Lfc Gallagher and Percy Long.
Grand Marshal Steve Costello, Harry
Mulcrevy, John Finn, Merton Allen,
Charles F. Boxton and James P. Dock
er}'. .
the escort opened order and, breaking
ranks, went to Laurel Hill Cemetery by
car. Arrived at the family tomb, brief
services were read by the officers and the
casket was consigned to its resting place.
The floral pieces comprised a beautiful
cross sent by a number of the dead man's
Intimate friends: an easel upon which
was inscribed "There Is Sweet Rest In
Heaven," and below this "Uncle Jim." a
tribute -from his • nephews and nieces.
"Gates Ajar" with /'Rest, Dear Hus
band," was the last offerinp of the widow.
A pillow from California Parlor and nu
merous smaller pieces surrounded the
casket. .-» . '
The cries of Mrs. Ross nerved them to
press ahead into the front room. There
they found her tied to the bedstead.
"The rope," said Good, "as nearly as
Found Tied to the Bed.
second street and Corbett road, was the
flret to discover the fire. He was pass
ing the house at the time. Joe Corrigan
and his Bister were also close by and the
whole three rushed to tlifc door to notify
the people of their danger. Mrs. White
head and her next door neighbor, Mrs. O.
H. Bartlett. were chatting in the front
room of the lower flat and they became
very much excited. Bartlett, attracted
by the commotion, arrived on the scene In
time to Join Good and Corrigan, who had
parsed through the lower flat and up the
back stairs. The three men broke in tlje
back door of the Cederberg domicile and
found the place full of smoke.
"No burglar yet in my experience," he
said, "has tried to conceal his work by
setting flre to the house he has robbed.
There are strange features in this case.
When I first examined this woman I look.
ed closely at her neck and found no
scratch there. Fifteen minutes later I
looked again and found the Bkin scratch
ed, as If by a finger nail. She says she
was struck on the head and stunned. I
could find on lump or bruise on her head,
Patrolmen Pierec of the Seventeenth
street police station was the first officer
to arrive on the scene. He notified Lieu
tenant Anderson and the latter at once
detailed detectives to investigate the case.
Fire Marshal Towe was soon on the
scene and conducted an investigation af
ter his own peculiar fashion. He arrived
at the conclusion early in the evening
that the house had not been burglarized
In the usual way and was rather Inclined
to cast strong suspicions upon Mrs. Ross.
"I alone knew about the money. Not
even my wife knew how much I had or
where I kept it. Yet it seems strange that
it is gone, for whoever took it must have
known exactly where. to get it. I cannot
offer any explanation to-night; none what
ever."
Cederberg Is Mystified.
bears a good reputation in the com
munity.
"I cannot say how this all happened,"
he paid calmly. "We went to church at
7:30 o'clock, and the nursegirl and baby
stood at the window to wave us good-by.
Mrs. Ross has lived with us four months,
and haa always bohaved herself very
well. She had no gentlemen callers, and
was devoted to our baby. I paid her $5
per week. To-morrow she was to have
received the usual amount, and waa look
ing forward to getting it so that she
-could go home and spend the day with
her own babies, for she has two of them."
Mrs. Ross is 22 years old and is the
daughter of Frank Lopaz of 817 Vallejo
street. She has been a widow for eight
months and has two young children, who
live with her parents.
Chief of Police Sullivan has detailed de
tectives on the case to aid the Fire Mar
shal in his investigations.
Mrs. Whitehead, who lives in the lower
fiat, says that she heard some one knock
ing on the wall for several minutes before
she was warned that the building was on
fire, but paid no attention to It. because
she thought it wae her next door.neigh
bor. When Mrs. Ross was carried down
stairs she was crying, according ¦ to Mrs
Whltehead's etory, "Oh, my head! My
head!" Mrs. Whitehead says She did not
hear any one enter the door leading to
the upper flat.
The fear stairway could be reached from
five different directions through adjoining
lots. Any one might have gone up that
way without attracting the attention of
the people in the lower flat, and might
have forced the rear entrance without
awakening any one up stairs or down.
George H. Bartlett, who was. one of the
trio of men who released Mrs. Ross, was
too excited to remember much as to how
she was tied. He firmly believed \ her
story, however. '
Believes Woman's Story.
and she seems to remember dlstlnctly
everything that happened.
"She says the door was left partially
ajar by her supposed assailant, and yet
the three men ¦who first entered the room
afterward found it closed. If she had her
I right hand, free she could have loosened
the ropes, but there is no evidence that
she tried. Finally, she has only pretend
ed to be hysterical, for she has been thor
oughly alive to everything that has been
said within her hearing with regard to the
case." V:.? ,'?.-:•;
Cederberg and his wife arrived home
about 9:30 o'clock after the flre was out.
Going directly to the rear bedroom Ceder
berp pulled open a bureau drawer and
took out a handful of silver. He de
clared that he had been robbed of $120 m
gold and that his wife's watch, valued
at $35. was also missing. Cederberg Is a
bricklaying contractor, a native of
Sweden, and haa lived in this city about
five, years and in the house at 3539
Twenty-fourth street for about a year. He
Claims Hie Was Robbed.
"What struck me most forcibly was
that there was no evidence of a strug
gle. Her nightdress was drawn down to
her ankles, quite smoothlv. There can
be no doubt that the loop around her
neck was tle-ht, for her cries were in
articulate. The fact of the matter Is,
though, that we did not stop to study
the knots, but cut the ropes as quickly
as possible and curried her downstairs.
She was quite stlfl, particularly in the
lower limbs, and was hysterical.
Afterward the men turned their atten
tion to the fire, which was so closely con
fined that it did not show at first. The
door and windows of the room were
closed, and that alone prevented a bad
flre. As it was, the bed clothincr was
charred and the walls scorched. There
was a pungent odor of coal oil over the
whole place. It was evident that nearly
the whole can had been emptied on the
floor and bed. A few buckets of water
were sufficient to quench the blaze, and by
the time the Flre Department arrived the
flre was all out. ,
I could see In the half light, was tight
enough around her neck to choke her,
and her left arm was quite securely tied
to the leg of the bed. The other leg of
the bed was between her ankles, which
were rather loosely tied with a- piece of
manila rope.
MRS. LILLJAN ROSS.
A PRETTY young woman, tied se
curely with ropes, a helpless babe,
a blazing bedroom, redolent with
the fumes of kerosene, and a rifled
strong box are the elements in a mystery
that set the Mission agog last night.
Mrs. Lillian Ross is the young woman
In the case. For four months she haa
been cmploved as nurse in the family of
Mrs. E. 8. Cederberg. who lives in the
upper fiat of No. 2539 Twenty-fourth
etreet. " While Cederberg and his wife
¦were at church alx>ut 9 o'clock last nlgrht
pafsersby saw smoke and flames issuing
from the rear windows of the upper flat.
On breaking into the place they found a
blazing bed in a room in the flat and an
tmrty five-gallon oil can on the floor. In
a front bedroom Mrs. Ross was found
stretched on the floor at the foot of the
"bed, A piece of clothesline was tied about
her neck and her left ana was tied
eecurely to a leg of the bed by an end of
the 6ame rope. Both feet were tied to an
other leg of the bed with a piece of cheap
Manila rope. The young woman's right
arm was free and she was screaming for
help when the rescuers entered the place.
The child lay upon the bed. unharmed.
When Cederberg arrived home soon
after the fire had been extinguished, he
announced that 5120 in gold and his wife's
¦watch had been taken from a drawer In
the bedroom that had been eet on fire,
although ?9 In silver still remained in the
improvised strong box.
Hit Her On the Head.
Mrs. Ross cays a smooth-faced, middle
aged man tied her up, and she supposes
that he set the house on flre. Here is her
eimple story:
"Mr. and Mrs. Cederberg left the house
ot 7:30 o'clock to attend church at the
Swedish Mission Church on Jessie street.
Soon . afterward I went to bed with the
baby. I did not go to sleep, but suddenly
2 looked up to see a middle-aged, smooth
faced man enter the room. I did not hear
him enter the house, and was very much
frightened.
•• 'I want your money,' he said. 'I have
no money,' I replied, and then he hit me
on the head with something-. I was half
stunned and could not scream.. I have an
indistinct recollection that he dragged me
from the bed and laid me on the floor,
tying: ropes around me. It was all like a
dream. Then he left the room, leaving the
door open a little ways. Pretty soon 1
smelled smoke. The rope choked me so 1
could not scream very loud, but with my
right hand I beat on the floor as hard as
I could, praying that some one down
Btairs would hear me.
"It Feemed an age before they came and
released the ropes. I did not see the man
leave the house, nor did I see him at all
after he left my bedroom. I was so choked
with the rope and my head ached so that
I did not know much that was going on.
I never saw the man before, but I would
know him again if I saw him. He was a
sort of young-old man. That is ail I
know."
Discovered by Passersby.
The building at 2529 Twenty-fourth
street is a. two-story frame structure,
rather loosely put together. There is a
front entrance, as well as a rear entrance
to the upper flat, which .has five rooms.
The lower flat is occupied by W. D.
Vhitehead and family, who first heard
of the flre from people who were passing-
In the street. The Cederbergs occupy the
«mlre upper flat. The room in which
Mrs. Ross and the baby were found is In
front, and has been occupied by Mrs.
Cederberg, the nurse, and the baby, while
Cederberg has been sleeping In the rear
bedroom, which was found In flames.
The two bedrooms are separated by a
square room, used as a dining- room. Th©
kitchen and an extra .bedroom are in the
rear.
William Good, who resides at Twenty-
Mrs. Lillian Ross
Says That She
Was Attacked
by a Robber.
Mystery Sur
rounds Fearful
Crime That
Failed of Exe
cution.
NURSE TIED TO BED WITH A SLEEPING
CHILD AND THE DWELLING SET ON FIRE
v THE SAN FRANCISCO : CALL, MONDAY; JUNE 25, 1900.
10
WHERE THE NURSE WAS FOUND TIED TO THE BED POSTS BY HER RESCUERS.
G. F. HULLINS • - Manager,
AAJ» FBANCXSCa
E. T. NIEBLING, Assistant Manager,
416-418 CALIFORNIA ST..
Ladles' tailor-made suits, stile skirts, .far
cspes: liberal credit. M. Rothschild, 626 Sutter.*
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralcla.
Dructists, Me Cask. Richards & Co... *0i Clay.
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
VACATION"
SHOES
AT
MONEY-SAVING
PRICES.:.:.:.
FOR THIS WEEK.
X.ADIES- TAJIPICO GOAT BUTTON SHOES.
Welts 05
LADIKF- FRENCH KID (Herberts)
SHOES .55
I-ADIES' TAN OXFORDS, UXV heel.... J)5
MEN'S TAN HAND WELT LACE
SHOE, pointed toes, narrow widths-
eizes 9. 10. 11 tl.OO
JIZN'C CALF BUTTON and CONGRESS,
full plain toe. small Fixes, narrow
•»ri<Hhs - 5
CniLDRKN'S PATENT LEATHER and
KID SHOES, odd lot 23
Most all of above small elie*.
ET- NO MAIL ORDERS FILLED.
We TrtU not exchange or return money on
these soods.
See prices in •windows and bargain counter.
We al*o have fu'.I lines of new Summer Foot-
Wear. Popular r>r!ces.
830-832-834 MARKET ST., S. F.
Glassware
At Greatly
Reduced Prices.
Come Just to See.
Grail AehIih tooriiM Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
Tit-; 11 Grant ak. (Bet. Sutter and font.
Id Market St. tOpp. Powell)*
140 Sixth St.
K.5 Hayes St. 81 Third St.
J41> PolJt St. tSt Montcotnerr Arm.
m< Mission St. 70S Larkla Rt.
Urf-t Sixteenth 8C 1S1) Devlsadero St.
34C Ninth 6t. «?t Halrht St.
til* Flllmor* St. Z7SS MlaiUm St.
a llarfcct Et- Z7H I«th St..
, OAKLAND STORES.
J0U Washington Sl 111 E. 12tb St.
1S7 Broadway. UK 2S4 Art.
SU8 firrcatt eu. / „ MM Park 0U Ale»H»y.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $lfl,t7l> ff
Loans on bonds and mortgages 10,0w> OO
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company (07,500 00
Cash In banks 4J.327 3J
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 1.713 V)
Premiums in due course of collection tS,£S 7i
Bills receivable, not matured, takea
for flre and marine risks ZSI *1
Rents due and accrued 473 CO
Total assets : C€3.9I2 09
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid f tZ3 Cft
Losses in process of adjustment or ia
suspense jrrf"vV i«» «
Gross premiums on fire risks running '
one year or less. $112,757 33; reinsur-
ance. SO per cent ., 7147177
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year, 131,724 00; rein-
surance pro rata C495 S«
All other demands against company. 7,901 a
Total liabilities ....(1Z3.S3* U
INCOME. ~~ ~
Net cash actually received for flr»
premiums $153,563 5T
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all
other sources 17.218 43
Received for rents U.S3S S»
Total inc.. I^mq
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses {In-
cluding $4010 63. losses of previous
years) • S »,S» M
Paid or allowed fcr commission or
brokerage • -•*" 33,203 R
Paid for salaries, fee*, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 13,413 53
Paid for State, national and local
taxes •• 8.302 81
All other payments and expenditures 1S.42O 7X
' Total Mp*n.«ture* J123.203 23
Louses Incurred during the year. flr»..$ 48,717 83
Flre Prem-
Risks and Premiums. Risks. lums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year tl7.436.2C6:$^5.d 81
Net amount of risks ex- ;
plred during the year 17.074.933! H3 273 T>
Net amount In force De-[ I
ccmbT 31. 1??9 | 17.R21.264] 231 431 53
. «AM n. WEED, of and for
»» e«1 & KmnMy ilanasers.
Subscribed and ••worn to b*>forf m* thi« J7tl»
!ay of January. 1300. f. F1SHBK0K.
Notarr Public.
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON'. ENGLAND. ON THE «ST
day of • December. A. £>. 1S33. and tor «»•
year endlnr on that day. as mado to th« la-
surance Commissioner of the State ot CallTor*
nla. pursuant to the provisions of soctioaa <1»
and sit of the Political Code, condensed aa par
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
—OF THB—
— -O7 THE——
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
STATEMENT
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
OOLDBEKS. BOWES * CO'S SPECIAL 3AVIS3 SALX
¦/*¦- •:¦.-;'- - ¦:¦".* '
Buttermilk soap 20c
Box of 3 cakes— reg'ly 25c
Face soap -
The best groceries and the right
facilities for shipping to the country^
4)3 Pine 232Sutter aSoo California San Frandse*
ton Oar between Eleventh and Twelfth Oaklaa4
reg'ly 25c
Tooth; powder— reg'ly 25c .. 2OC
- Antiseptic myrrh
If the quality of food you
eat is of all things most
important — come and open
an account here.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter— fancy creamery 35C
High quality — low price
reg'ly 45c square
Tea— 50c quality 4 OC "
Ten flavors including this season's
Japan and " Bee " brand Ceylon
Salutaris water dor pts $1 30
reg'ly $1 soand $225 doz"qts I 75
Sparkling table water of
excellent quality — natural
mineral spring in Michigan
Whisky— o b&co ? bottles $2
O K bourbon gallon 3
'If your physician advises whisky
try this — reg'ly $1 and £4
Castile SOapy French 25C
Direct importation — makes plenty
of white lather — reg'ly 30c bar ,-¦ 1
Coffee— Pas^a blend 27 he
Old time favorite^ —
uniform flavor — reg'ly 35c Ib
Royan sardines 2 for 25c
Mothing could be more appetizing
or dainty — rej'ly here 15c can
Alkethrepta chocolate 25c
We recommend nothing better
reg'ly 30c tin
Brandy— California 3 bottles $2
reg'ly $1 and 54 gallon • 3
Pure — medicinal— the right kind
for brandied fruits
Fren ch m u sta rd— Louit \ 5c
Wholesale buvers' price-ydifferent
; flavors—the choice of epicures .
reg'ly 25c bottle
Wh i t e w i n e—Houxii ml 65c
Rhine type — reisling— reg'ly $1 gal
Ban-ki-pore sauce \ pt 20c pt 35c
Ban-ki-pqre chutney pint 35C
Fard date's— reg'iy 15c ib 1 2|c
Fine black ones— small pits
best for stuffing
.Candles— stearine 6s Ib 2OC
reg'ly 25c Ib box of 36 1 1
. Get a supply for the " Fourth "
will burn six hours
Windo.w. screens 25c 35c
Small 17 ini high 22 in. closed 35 in. open
Large 24 in. high 24 In. closed 37 in. open
reg'ly 30c and 40c — Flyer
CombS— hard rubber— reg'ly 35c 25C
Tooth brushes— good ones 20c
BO WEN
80LDBEB0, BOWZlf * CO'S SPECIAL 8AVIK0 SALE
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Reduced to 60c Yard.
75 pieces of 23 and 24 inch FOULARDS (pure
silk), in new shades of Blue, Grao,
. Violet, Reseda, etc. } regular prices 85o
and $1,00,
FOULARD SILKS.
SPECIAL IN
(GUARANTEED TO WEAR.)
50 pieces 26-inch Swiss Taffeta.... $1.00 Yard
20 pieces 24-inch Domestic Taffeta..$UO Yard
(GUARANTEED TO WEAR.)
75 pieces 22-lncH Swiss Taffeta...... 85c Yard
15 pieces 23-Incb Swiss Taffeta .85c Yard
15 pieces SB-inch Domestic Taffeta..$1.00 Yard
Please write for samples of above fire
Qualities of Black Silks. ;
—IN— v' |
DIFFERENT WIDTHS AND QUALITIES.
175 PIECES EXTRA QUALITY
bm
SPECIAL PURCHASE
at>v k'RTISKIM-BNTS.