Pictorial "Incidents \ of * a ; Stirring -Day in Chinatown.
Health Board we were, escorted beyond
the quarantine line. Judging from the
number of Chinamen ¦who crowded the
sidewalks of their district It was evident
also that there was a holiday there, al
though for a very different purpose. Ser
geant Ma honey of the police force of
San Francisco, who has command of the
quarantine district, took- us duly in
charge, accompanied by other members of
the force. The Inhabitants of this now
famous district were evidently very
much exercised over the outcome of the
examination which was to be made. They
lined 'up on the sidewalks. In many cases
to the very curb, thickly packed. In evi
dent expectation of the coming health
officials. Large numbers followed be
hind us from npparent curiosity and in
terested motives.,
When we arrived at the morgue, which
was on the ground floor of a low, bovel-
Hke building, the crowd, for obvious rea
son3. was moro dense. No violence was
offered on the part of this closely packed
assemblage, . nor did . it seem - intends 1.
There was an ominous quiet along the
whole line, each Chinaman appearing to
have that stolid gaze so characteristic of
hi? race. There was a disposition as we
entered the building for many of the by
standers, to crowd uround us and obtain
an entrance If possible, but- it was-con
sidered prudent, where there was such
liability for the possible spread of infec
tion and . also for, other reasons for the
crowd to be kept at a safe distance. The
body .was- attired in all the gaudy ap
parel common on such occasions and was
covered -by a rude but peculiar pall.
The, autopsy, was performed by. Dr.
Kellogg.'Dr. Kinyoun and myself ¦ assist
ing. ' I confess I was somewhat surprised
enue to many of the wealthy men of San
Francisco. > It is for them to answer the
question ¦ regarding the feasibility of this
radical measure. So far all that seeras to
be necessary is to attend to these particu
lar buildings in' whlclv the dead - bodies
were found. This reduces the whole ques
tion down to a simple and practical issue.
-Yesterday afternoon Dr. Kellogg In
formed me that he had at the Instance of
Dr. -Wilson, the assistant city physician,
been summoned to see the body of a sus
picious -case which -had been under' the
care of Dr. Fitch,- who.was called to see
the patient on May. 24. There were - ap
parently no symptoms which pointed di
rectly to. the existence of the plague,
save softening and Infiltration of the In
guinal glands associated with a like con
dition of the. glands under the Jaw. On
the left- fide one. of these glands had
broken. down '.Into an abscess. In order
to clear up any reasonable doubt con
cerning the existence of the suspected
disease «Dr. Kellogg removed some portions
of. both, sets pf glands for. bacteriological
examination.- '-Finding microscopical evi
dences Mn them characteristic of the
plague he decided to make a more thor
ough examination of the body thia morn
ing in order, to obtain additional facts.
Dr.. Kinyoun, of the -:,Marlne Hospital ser
vice, Dr. • Montgomery, formerly patholo
gist in, the-.Unlversity of California, and
myself .were . invited ,to take part In ..the
said autopsy.'. With such. an end in view
we repaired, to the morgue in the Chinese
quarter. It was-a strangely, significant
errand . in • view of the surroundings in
the ; street : made apparent by the : ¦ diffi
culty % of .wending through a' gay^crowd
viewing, the Decoration day • parade."Pro
vided '.with ¦¦ the : requisite ¦ passes from the
statements to, the contrary, to be a bold
assertion. Physicians are no more afraid
of the plague than they arc of typhus,
which, by the way. Is the most dangerous
disease of all. •>. Personally I may be per
mitted in view of a 1 firm belief in this doc
trine to state thatMn my mind there was
no more fear' at the autopsy this morn
ing than In any other case of similarly, in
fectious disease. As a still greater em
phasis to this assertion it may be stated
that all the other gentlemen -taking part
in the autopsy had been injected with
Hafkine serum. The disease is not apt
to spread rapidly at first. We must re
mark also in this connection that it ha3 a
ppeclal predilection for 1 the Asiatic race
and exceptionally attacks the whites. The
great point, however, is to prevent its
gaining any possible foothold In San Fran
cisco 'and now seems to be the time to
make assurance of safety doubly sure.' If
prompt action Is taken the disease,wher
ever it may be or whenever it may come,
can be easily and absolutely compassed
within safe limits.
No better Illustration of this can be
offered than 'that afforded by the manner
In which fires are extinguished.. Take, for
Instance, the working of the Fire Depart
ment of New York, the greatest, most
alert and most efficient of Its kind the
world over. When the firemen are fight
ing a fire In bis neighborhood, the average
citizen gives hlmseif no further concern
as to the outcome.- nor has he any busi
ness 'Inside the limit of operations. ¦ -. "Why
should not the , health : officials . stand in
similar relations. with; the public? This
applies not. only to San Francisco, but.to
every city; and, township the - world • over.
The Quarantine line is drawn to keep the
busybody out. ' The merchants. Instead
of bulldozing the disease watchers, should
keep quiet and stimulate them to be even
more alert and fearless.. -In 'the end they
would always gain by speaking the truth
when such would do tho best service;
rather than being forced to do so when
It Is too late. Policy" Is 1 never an excuse
for implying a lie. Neither the health of
ficials nor the other, public officials; can
afford to deceive. the public on any issue,
particularly en a matter of public health,
which necessarily concerns the safety of
every Individual.- Ideal protection consists
in' knowing the'. danger at the start and
in working earnestly,' persistently and in
telligently in overcoming, it. : , To the latter
end the health boards arc always the es
sential ; means. . Therefore, : I ; say,, take
care of your health boards. "Don't invade
their nre lines.. Rest easily and leave the
issue with them. - What seems to be nec
essary for Francisco to do at the 'present
juncture is to empower the health author
ities to draw* the nre lines, - so to speak,
round the Infected buildings. -Empty every
infected house of its inhabitants. .,; Keep
these tenants in quarantine in, some safe
place— some house : of detention— until all
danger . from the disease with them has
passed./ Then, as to the house, let it be
so thoroughly . disinfected thaf there shall
be no chance of any infection remaining.
1 f this be j impossible then resort to ; the
radical measures of burning. \ I believe
the safest thing .to do with any. infected
house Is 'to take no chances short of the
fire brand.-: It may. cost jtnoney, but what
Is money against human life? ¦ It seems to
me^ there is no argument that will, hold
good > against such, an ! assumption. :¦*; I ¦ am
told , that - Chinatown yields . a large rev-
latest observations , also pointy to* the
transf errence of germs from I one locality:
to thexither by means of the infected rat. :
Here also is a condition which can easily
be met. Science thus far has unraveled
most of the mysteries connected with the
propagation of this scourge and the rea
son why it has. spread so extensively be
fore is for the want of that knowledge
ourdlspo"? lnves tigation has placed at
T &£/ TllC j C * e was discovered only so late
fn 1S94 a ,1? >' et , to-day sanitary science is
in a position almort to defy the disease.'
J. mystery of its invasion is virtually
d hl PCHe £ and people can be assured that
This may'appear, in view of sensational
Dr. George F. Shrady, the Fa-;
mous Specialist, Outlines the
Ordinary Precautions Which
Insure Complete Protection.
THE healih authorities of this city
and the Federal quarantine officers
are still acting in conjunction with
Dr. George F. Shrady. the famous spe
cialist, who is here at the instance of the
New York Herald and The Call to de
termine the absolute facts in regard to
the sensational reports that bubonic
plague exists in this city. Late Tues
day night the dead body of a Chinese.
showing suspicious evidences of the
dread disease, was found in Chinatown
zvA- yesterday morning the authorities,
assisted by Dr. Shrady. performed an
autopsy. As a result of this investiga
tion Dr. Shrady says that the body re
vealed rranifest eviderices of the plague.
In making this announcement the
physician take? particular pains to
counsel the people of San Francisco not
to be alarmed. The plague is not only
not epidemic but there is nothing to in
dicate that another case will be found.
Ordinary precautions will insure the
people of the city against contagion.
The physician is particular to empha
size his opinion that there is absolutely
nothing to fear and that the people of
the city are justified in following the
usual routine of their lives.
. Nothing should be left undone, how
ever, he declares, to maintain a strict
quarantine of the Chinese quarter. It is
now a question rather of precaution
than of- prevention, as the presence of
an occasional case of the disease is not
by any means an indication that it has
gained a foothold in the city. The peo
ple of San Francisco have only to ob
serve the ordinary rules of sanitation,
to keep their habitations clean and be
assured that they are not in danger.
The health authorities have only to en
force a rigid quarantine and isolate the
district which shows signs of infection.
Dr. Shrady goes so far as to suggest
that if necessary infected buildings be
destroyed. If these measures of pre
caution be adopted there is not the
slightest need for uneasiness and in a
very short time the city can announce
to the world that it is free from even
a suspicion of the scourge. Evil enough
has already been done by exaggeration
and rumcr and the authorities of San
Frapcisco can now act calmly and judi
ciously with the situation that is not in
the slightest way dangerous.
The Call promised that it would pub
lish the frets in this affair and it is fortu
nate that the publication will give the
people of San Francisco no reason for
unrest or alarm. The outside world
rnay know now that San Francisco is
far from beinjj the plague-stricken city
which sensational newspapers have rep
resented it to be. The quarantine in
Chinatown is not yet by any mcins.as
effective- as it should be and the local
Board, oi Health should at once attempt
to carry cut the spirit and purpose of
its "own orders. The matter is one of
fcrious moment to the people of San
Francisco and if the officials have the
slightest thought of the solemn char
acter of their obligations they will sec
that the reliance placed in them is net
dishonored.
' Chinese go and come in the district
at wiil. They employ the cheapest and
most . palpable subterfuge to escape
from the district and to return to it* at
THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO REASON FOR ALARM.
ALTHOUGH it can still be said that no living case of plague is to be found in China
town, a corpse has just been discovered in which the evidences of that disease are
manifest. It is with the greatest regret that this statement must be made, but the
plain truth must be told. This, as I understand it, is what the public has asked for. Now
the time comes to face the issue calmly, deliberately and judiciously. TJie few cases which
have already occurred as adding to the ordinary mortality statistics are of comparatively
trivial moment in themselves. We are simply called to count chances for the future.
This might be the last case and it might not. In either case there is no reason for
any unnecessary alarm. There is no danger from contact with cases when ordinary precau
tions are observed; thus the public can be assured that when a given infected house is prop
erly quarantined there is reasonable safety for all outsiders. It is wel! for these facts to be
known to the public as counteracting unnecessary alarm when a case occurs in a given, iso
lated and properly quarantined district.
The great point, however, is to prevent its gaining any possible foothold in San Fran
cisco? and now seems to be the time to make assurance .of safety doubly sure. If prompt
action is taken the disease, wherever it may be or whenever it may come, can be easily and
absolutely compressed within safe limits. The transmission of epidemics of this disease is
mostly due to soiled clothing and dirty and infected houses; thus the main remedies are
within easy reach.
What seems to be necessary for San Francisco to do at the present juncture is to
empower the health authorities to draw the fire lines, so to speak, around the infected build
ings. Empty every infected house of its inhabitants. Then, as to the house, let it be so thor
oughly disinfected that there shall be no chance of any infection remaining. If this be impos
sible, then resort to the radical measures of burning. I believe the safest thing to do with
any infected house is to take no chances short of the firebrand. I am told that Chinatown
yields a large revenue to many of the wealthy men of San Francisco. It is for them to an
swer the question regarding the feasibility of this radical measure.— Excerpt from third day's
report of Dr. George F. Shrady, the famous physician.
pleasure ¦ It ' is : estimated that' "nearly
iooo coolies left Chinatown en Tuesday
night, escaping over roofs to houses
that are not within the quarantined dis
trict. . On Stockton street, on the west
side, are hives of Chinese which are not
in quarantine. The embargo on men
and material is simply farcical. The
street cars, crowded with passengers,
traverse the district and destroy utterly
any attempt at an effective quarantine.
The Health Board indicates that the
quarantine will be maintained probably
for six weeks. An emergency hospital
has been established in a tent in Ports
mouth Square. Postal clerks have been
stationed in the district, where they
must remain until the quarantine is
raised. The quest-on of providing food
for the Chinese is yet to be discussed
and the problem promises to be a ditTi
cult one for solution. The Chinese Six
Companies are also showing signs that
they will attempt to resist the quaran
tine, but as yet no legal action has been
taken.
EVIDENCE OF PLAGUE
IN THE CHINESE QUARTER
Dr. Gtorge F. Shrady, the .Great Spa
cialist, Counsels the Public That
There Is No Need of Alarm.
Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Publishing
Company. ,
ALTHOUGH it can still be said that
no living case of plague is to be
found in Chinatown, a corpse has
Just been discovered In which the
evidences of that disease are manifest.
This- puts such a new complexion on the
situation, after a lull of security extend
ing over two weeks, that too much tare
cannot be taken in properly interpreting
present indications. After having taken
part in the autopsy this morning I have
personally no doubt, so far as the investi
gations have gone, of the existence of
plague in the body examined. It is with
™ *"; eate " regret that this statement
m f \a C £L ade> but the P laln truth must
S hi, h u S> as l und eretand It. is what
the public has asked for. Now the time
Tt^T IZJ****}** l8Sue «*lmly. dellber
2£&, £ Judiciously. The few cases
which have already occurred, as adding to
ordinary mortality statistics/are of •com
paratively trivial moment in themselves.
\\ e are simply called to <5ount chances for
the future.
This might be the last c as ,e, and it'mlght
I ™ ° f h C0U 7 e ' sincerely hopes
it may be. In rither case there Is no rca
has 'been^-ih? n «? e f* ary ala ™ So^uch
nas oeen said of the mysterlouslv con
tagious properties of this disease thatlt
is. as well to know that the danger of
communicating it from one person ?o
anothty is very much exaggerated It is
more a cjuontlon of house infection than
of transmission by personal contact. U
is the place- that must be looked after
more than the individual. There is no
danger from contact with cases, when
ordinary precautions are observed. Thus
tho public ran be assured that when a
given infected house is properly quaran
tined there !s reasonable safety for all
outsiders. The small amount of danger
from actual contact with the sick is
abundantly proven by statistics regarding
the number of physicians and nurses who
remain free from the disease, notwith
standing their most intimate connection
with the same.. The greatest risk for
physicians Is from wounds received in
making autopsies, as- then the inocula
tion is direct: but. outside of this con
sideration, the medical man and the nurse
appear to have a charmed Immunity. -It
is well for these facts to be known to the
public. as counteracting" . unnecessary
alarm when a case occurs in a given, iso
lated and properly quarantined district.
The transmission • of epidemics of this
disease is mostly due to' soiled clothing
and dirty and infected houses; thus the
main remedies are withlneasy reach. The
"Now that there seems to be no farther
doubt that the disease is here, we should
stick at nothing to rid ourselves of It.
Fire has at all times proved the surest
treatment, and we have the best evi
dence of it right befor* us In the case of
the Hawaiian Islands. There the torch
was used without respect to property
owners and property Interests, and tha
plague was stamped out with dllllgence
that reflects great credit upon the Hono
lulu Board of Health. "We have, tortan
ately, bad the counsel and advice of Dr.
Day, president of the Honolulu board, who
has - been in this city for several weeks
and who did all in his power to assist us.
"Chinatown Is a natural plague spot,
and, although the local Board of Health
has Improved the situation much by put
ting into effect the strictest sanitary
measures, yet. In my opinion, the only
sure method is to apply the torch. Under
proper management the infected district
and the adjacent districts likely to be In
fected can be burned without danger to
the remainder of the city. If it is
then decided to rebuild a new China
town on the ruins of the old, let tho
buildings be sanitary and arranged with
regard to proper drainage, and their ten
ants compelled to observe the laws of
sanitation."
DR. CROWLEY WOULD
BURN DOWN CHINATOWN
Badical Measures Suggested by the
State Board of Health's Repre
sentative From Oakland.
57 .WOULD advocate the complete de
struction of Chinatown by fire as the
j| best and safest method for stamping
. out the plague." said Dr. D. I>. Crow
ley, member of the State Board of Health
from Oakland, at the Palace Hotel last
night. "I think it would prove the cheap
est course in the end. too. and the one
best calculated to reassure the Eastern
people, who have so great a horror of the
scourge.
at the resulting revelations.
All the pathological phenomena ob
served were those usually associated with
plague. The body was in a good state of
preservation. There were no spots or
eruptions upon It. On the left side under
the jaw there were evidences of suppura
tion, due to previous inflammation of the
glands. There were no enlarged glands
in the armpits. 'The glands- in the groin,
were slightly enlarged, but not protuber
ant, as they were- broken down by a dis
integrating process and in a state of ne
crosis. A DortUm. M this material was
taken from xne body by Dr. Kellogg for
microscopical examination.
The following are the notes of the au
topsy: There was a characteristic effu
sion of bloody serum in both chest cavi
ties, in the heart sac and in the abdom
inal cavity. The heart was not sensibly
enlarged, but its muscular substance was
exceedingly soft and flabby, the evident
result of some intense Infected process.
The spleen was softened, of the usual
size and was of a dark slate color Tna
mesentery was injected in different por
tions with hemorrhaglc spots. Portions of
the small intestine examlr^d- disclosed like
condition. The Internal surface of tha
small intestine was carefully examined
put nothing abnormal was found, care
being -taken, of course, to exclude any
possible existence of the pecular ulcera
tions characteristic of typhoid fever Nu
merous specimens were removed from tha
body for future microscopical observation,
by UTs. .Kellogg and Kinyoun.
_Just before closing this message Dr.
Kellogg called on me, bringing with him
the preparation from the inguinal gland
of the corpse. -After examining: the speci
men.with him I was able to verify the ex
istence in it of the typical plague bacUlL
OUTGOING STEAMERS
REFUSED CLEAN BILLS
THE Federal authorities have de
clared officially that this port Is In
fected by refusing to Issue clean bills
of health to foreign-bound steamers.
The ruling -was first made In the case of
the Pacific Mall steamship City of Peking,
which sailed from here on Tuesday with
a lot of passengers for Honolulu and the
Orient. Dr. Day of Honolulu was a pas
senger and carried home with him full re
ports of the situation here and a history
of all the cases that have- come under tha
observation of the local Board of Health.
cisco Is Infected.
The Peking and .Australia Carry the
News Abroad Thai San Fran-
Chinatown Is Under Quarantine,
; but Authorities Neglect to
Take Measures to Secure
I Obedience to Their Orders.
CALL'S EXPERT SAYS:
"THERE
NO DANGER
CONTACT
ORDINARY
PRECAUTIONS
OBSERVED."
SPORADIC CASE OF BUBONIC PLAGUE DISCOVERED,
BUT THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO NEED FOR ALARM
SAN FRANCISCO, THURS^^ MAY^ 31; 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 192.
The San Francisco Call.
Continued on Second Pac*.Two Men Killed on a Hawaiian Sugar
/^Plantation;
HONOLULU, May 22.— A report come3
from Kona that , ; a riot ,: among -,the
Japanese .employees of / a < sugar planta
tion, two men' were ; killed and 'a number
injured.- The trouble arose over the re
f ugal * of ' a - nuniber/ of men ; to : join' in i a.
strike ¦ for a holiday on ' the occasion- of
the wedding '•- of ' the Crown Prince.' Tho
strikers Vent in>"a body ;tO' compel-the
workers to'. quit : for the day. ' Officers
have been sent to the^scene of the trouble.
Dread Epidemic * Cutting Short the
Sufferings of Famine Victims
: in India.
LONDON. ¦ May 31.— The Daily Express
has the following: from Bombay, dated
yesterday: "An unprecedentedly severe ep
idemic of cholera; has .broken -out in the
northern districts of Bombay presidency,
especially in the famine." camps.. The
deaths have increased 40 per cent within
three days. In the Kaira district there
have been 1330 deaths In seven days. The
Government has made a special grant of
£61,000 to cremate the dead immediately.
"In Palanpur State,<'on the first day,
there was one death; on the second there
were eighty four, and on the third there
were upward o* 400. The swiftness of the
infection was duetto the, fact that the
first death was near the only available
water supply. The germs were thus car
ried all over the camp: - -
"In the city of Bombay there have been
sixty-seven - deaths in the last seven
days." . : .
"...-"— m
RIOTOUS JAPANESE.
FRIGTHFUL DEATH RATE
IN CHOLERA DISTRICTS
-SPORADIC CASE
OF BUBONIC
PLAGUE DISCOVERED
Continued from First Pace.
Survivor of the Merrimac-Monitor
. Engagement Commits Suicide
"Vvuile Insane.
Sppclal Dispatch to The Call.-
EAST; GRAND FORKS.. Minn., May 30.
William". Lindblom, a' prosperous farmer
residing on a piece of. land known as the
Point, was found . dead this morning," his
lifeless body being suspended from a tree
in front * of his residence. -On his person
was found a- letter directing -that who
soever should have charge of hl3 remains
should bury him in th^'spot where he-lay,
and that an Inexpensive ¦ coffin should be
purchased. Kc gave the name of a man
residing: in this city as being responsible
for his troubles.- accusing htm of having
been, accessory- to the fleath of his wife
some time ago, alleging thatshe had been
poisoned.. • • *
His estate, which is said to be very. val
uable, . he left to • his " stepson, William
Quant, • whp resides • here. . • . • . ¦
•/When the police entered his sleeping
apartments it was- found that the walls
were riddled with. bullets; and indications
point to an unbalanced mind. • A few days
ago he' attempted to-. purchase : morphine
from the ; local druggist,' but was refused.
Lindblom I was one of the I survivors of
the ill-fated Merrimac. While serving on
the rebel gunboat he lost -his hearing and
he was deaf up.to the time of his. death.
French Railway . Disaster.
PARIS, May 31.— A freight train came
into collision ".- yesterday afternoon with
the St.^ Petersburg. express between Terg
nler and ; St.* Quentin." ¦ The express, which
leftube Nord Station -at- 1:50 p. m., was
composed exclusively. -of sleeping:" cars
two of which were derailed.' The engine
driver was killed and several passengers
were .badly bruised. v The locomotive or
the freight train was precipitated into the
canal-of^St. Quentln. - .' • •
HANGS HIMSELF TO
A TREE IN HIS YARD
When the Peking reaches Honolulu the
passengers will have to undergo quaran
~n? a v, Dd fu , mi sation and all freight landed
X. * *£ ve ' to b , e fum isated. It is likelv
that .the vessel will not. be permitted to
The Oceanic steamship Australia sailed for
Honolulu yesterday under the same condi
tions. She carried no freight whatever from
the* infected Chinatown district Orders
were received at the dock last week not to
receive any Chinese freight whatever. The
1 ?n e L al . and Iocal authorities at Honolulu
will be in possession of the facts before
the Australia arrives, so that it is* likely
the arrangements will have been made to
handle her passengers and freight as ex
peditiously as possible.
TEXAS MAY STOP ALL
CHINESE IN TRANSIT
Southern Pacific Baises a Point That
the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion Must Decide.
THERE were no meeting last v night
either of the State or local boards
of health. Traffic Manager E. O.
McCormack of the Southern Pacific Com
pany-had a conference with State Quar
antine Officer Blount of Texas relative to
the transit through Texas of Chinese who
•and here in transit for other countries.
Dr. \\ miamson . was pres"ent. ,
" Dr. Blount said he was not prepared to
Seared With a Bed-Hot Shovel Until
Unconscious, Then Gagged and
Left to Die.
¦JIANESVILLE..O.. May 30.— James Fin
inega-n,. a. -recluse living in the"- northern
part. of Perry. County., was fatally tor
tured by masked robbers !;>»st :«ight. The
old man oould not be made to tell where
hi? rn^ney was hidden and the robbers
¦Vti-At ¦¦ ;ahd burned him with a red hot
shovel : until he . was unconscioul; then
.iru>y .gagged him, covered him with a
fc-ather^fd and left him to die. He wa«
fyucd J>v 'neighbors this evening- and cari
not- live until morninp.. ....-;•
AGED MAN TORTURED
BY MASKED ROBBERS
Rev. B. M. Palmer of New Orleans de
livered the. annual address, at the con
clusion of which the meeting adjourned
for the day, after -appointing committees
on credentials and resolutions, which are
to report to-morrow. . : ¦
General John B. Gordon, commander of
the United Confederate Veterans, re
sponded, accepting the building from the
committee and extending, the thanks of
tho veterans to the city of'Louisville. His
speech was received with great applause
at frequent intervals. - ;
• Colonel Bennett II. Young of this city,
chairman of the reunion committee, pre
sented the building to 'the veterans in an
eloquent -'speech.. ' ;
LOTJISVILLK; May 30.— The reunion
of .the" United Confederate Veterans
began at noon to-day. It Is esti
mated that the number of visitors is
in the neighborhood of fifty thou
¦ sand. Major General Poyntz, com
manding the' Kentucky ''division of the
Confederate Veterans, called the reunion
to order in Reunion Hall shortly after 12
o'clock.! After the doxology had been
sung by the assembly, which packed the
great hall to the doors. Rev. J. William
Jones, chaplain in chief, made a short
prayer. Then- General Poyntz Introduced
Mayor. Weaver of Louisville, who wel
comed the visitors to the city. Then came
a series of short welcoming addresses,
the last being delivered by General Simon
Bolivar Buckner, who spoke for the Con
federates of Kentucky.'
answer the queries of Mr. McCormack,
for the reason that he believed the matter
to be beyond his Jurisdiction. The ques
tion could better be answered, in his opin
ion, by the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion, which misht overrule the health au
thorities of Texas. If the Chinese were
sent they would", in all likelihood bo
stopped at the State line.
Dr. Williamson stated that a meeting of
the local Board of Health will be held to
day. The board is framing some ordi
nances that are aimed to enforce better
sanitation of Chinatown. One of these ia
to compel the Chinese residents to sleep
above ground and desert their foul cellars.
Must Drop Former Affiliations.
MILWAUKEE. May 30.— At to-day's
session of the Locomotive Engineers it
was resolved that locomotive firemen,
when promoted to the position of engi
neer, must drop their membership in the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen if
they want to become members of the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 30.—
The ninth annual commencement exer
cises were held here to-day in tho assem
bly hall. Addresses were made by Pro
fessor W. H. Hudson and President David
Starr Jordan. One hundred and sixty
four degrees were granted, two of which
were doctors of philosophy, twenty-one
masters of art and 145 bachelors of art.
Music was furnished by the Palo Alto
Choral Society, under the leadership of J.
J. Morris. *
The commencement address by Profes
sor William H. Hudson upon "The CuU
ture of To-day and the Literature of To
morrow"-was a classic dissertation upon
the effect of literature upon the intellect,
with, special emphasis upon the future
outcome of .literary culture.' .After th*
degrees had. been conferred President Jor
dan addressed the graduating class, tak
ing as his lesson the practical text, "What
Knowledge Js'of Most Worth." lie spoke
in part as follows:
The diploma which you have just receixwi
allows you the name of "Bachelor of Arts,
with all the rights, honors and privileges here
or elsewhere thereunto appertaining." This is
a very old form of words, going back to a time
when the scholar beloneed to the privileged
classes and constituted a caste by himself.
There are no rights, honors or privileges at
tached to your degree save those you ' carry
within yourselves. It does .not plactf you in
any separate class or give you any hold on
life which you did not have yesterday, which
you might not have without it.
• It admits you to the roll of Stanford Alumni,
beloved of your cherishing mother, and it
bespeaks for you the attention of the com
munity as a youth of promise, who has had
fair opportunities for training, has used them
faithfully, and from whom growth and achieve
ment may be exsected.
And now as we stand at the end of the cen
tury to which your teachers belone and at
the beginning of the century which is yours, it
may be worth while to ciance back over the
history indicated by these words of your di
ploma. "With all the rights, honors and privi
leges here or elsewhere thereuntoappertaining."
The work which you have done is very dif
ferent from that of the youth of promise a
century ago, who cherished their diplomas for
the sake- of those very rights, honors and
privileges which you will never find.
It is clear that the knowledge Is of most
worth which can be most directly wrought into
the fabric of our live?, i That discipline is most
valuable which will best serve us In "quietly
unfolding our own Individualities."
- Thus far no standard had been acreed upon
In these regards, nor did those who had tbe
affairs of higher education in charge recognize
even the possible existence of such a standard.
The rewards of knowinr and doing are of
fered to all alike. They are the power to know
and do. the- only legitimate prizes of the real
university. To place all men and all studies
on one footing is to make a real republic of
learning. This once done, the question of
"What Knowledge Is of Most Worth?" is one
for each man to answer for himself. What
knowledge is worth moM to me? And the very
attempt to answer this question is in Itself
one of the most important factors in higher
education. That each should answer It for
himself Is the essential element in the freedom
of the university, and each year as it passes
sees the American university more democratic
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Diplomas Awarded to the
Graduates at Stanford
College.
CENTURY CLASS
BIDS ADIEU TO
ITS ALMA MATER
After.-;. Welcoming Speeches
Building Is Presented
1 to Fx Soldiers.
CONFEDERATE
VETERANS MEET
AT LOUISVILLE
WOODLAND, May 30.— Decoration day
was observed to-day under the auspices
of the William H. Seward Post No. 65,
Grand Army of the Republic, and Wo
man's Relief Corps No. 20. The memo
rial address was delivered by Ed ¦ E.
Leake. There are thirty-two old soldiers
buried in the City Cemetery. and tho local
post has been reduced to a membership
of about twenty. - - .
Observation at Woodland.
NAPA. May 30.— Memorial day was ob
served here this afternoon In a most be
fitting manner. The ceremonies were
conducted under the auspices of Kit Car
son Po3t No. 74, Grand Army of the Re
public. At the cemetery there was -a
beautiful programme rendered, in which
the school-children of Napa participated.
A feature * of the exercises was the
"Tributes of the States." G. M. Francis
read Lincoln's Gettysburg, address, and
Comrade E. H. King delivered the oration.
Company H, N. G. C, under comamnd of
Captain- Bush, acted- as escort to -the old
veterans. :
At the Veterans' Home at Yountville
the exercises were conducted this after
noon Uy, Unity' Post No. 71: Colonel G.
W. Walts was president of the day.
Mrs. F. T. Graham- read Lincoln s
Gettysburg address, and Captain F. . I,.
ClarKe. delivered the oration. The'me
morial exercises were attended by a large
number of visitors. v ,.:
BUISUN; May 30.— Memorial day was
appropriately, observed here.. The ' pro
gramme of the day's proceedings. was ar
ranged by members of the local post,
G. A. R., and the Woman's Relief Corps.
After the decoration of the graves of de
parted comrades at Fairfleld Cemetery
literary exercises were held In Native
Sons' Hall. An able .address was deliv
ered by Judge A, J. Buckles.
• Tribute to Heroes. ' •
Appropriate Exercises.
PAC I FIC GROVE. May 30.-»lemorlal
dXy was observed -here with joint exer
eiiies by tne residents of Monterey and
Pacific Grove. -The G. A. R. and kindred
organizations srnd.'the -.school children
formed processions in their respective
towns and marched to New Monterey,
where they joined forces and proceeded
to the cemetery in the United States
Government reservation, near old. Fort
Halleek. Patriotic exercises were held
and speeches made ' here. Hon. C. F.
Lacey of Salinas delivered the chief ora
tion. The school children performed the
beautiful ceremony of placing flowers on
the soiaiers' graves. A memorial service
was held in this city to-night. , :• v
United Celebration.
SONOMA, May 30.— Memorial 'exercises
were held here to-day and very largely
attended. This was the first service of
the kind which has been held in Sonoma
for many years. Dr. Buckner of Ashland,
Or., was the instigator of the affair, and
only began Monday to make" arrange
ments for the observance -of this pa
triotic day. .The school-children headed
a long which marched to
Mountain Cemetery, where a very fitting
programme^was rendered,. AH the old
soldiers' graves; in the cemetery were cov
ered with flower$.-r-. -.- ; .
Sonoma Again in Line.
ANGELS CAAIP, May 30.-Decoratic*
¦day was observed at tlils'plaee to-day on
a large scale. The veterans from all the
surrounding towns came lri to participate
in the services.", "In' the- morning a beau
tiful service was held-sin Dolling's Hall,
at which Hon. J. V. Coleman of Sa;i
Francisco made the address. In the af
ternoon the graves of the departed com
rades were decorated at the AltaviUe
Cemetery amid appropriate ceremonies.
Veterans^ at Angels Camp.
SALINAS. May CO. — Decoration day was
most befittingly commemorated In this
city to-day. Business houses were closed.
There was a parade in the morning, in
which the G. A. R. veterans. Troop O,
N. G. C, and various civic societies par
ticipated. The soldiers' graves were deco,
rated more profusely than: ever . before.
Appropriate, exercises ! were held at trie
cemetery in the morning and in the city
to-niglit. '-.-. ¦-.,¦ -
STOCKTON*. May SO.— Memorial day
was observed hero to-day with a parade in
which were two detachments from the lo
cal militia companies, California National
Guard, and an attached squad of volun
teers who saw service in the Spanish-
American war. The Mexican Veterans,
California Pioneers, Grand Army, Wo
man's Relief Corns, Exempt Firemen and
Foresters were also in the paVade, which
was led by the - Sixth Regiment Band.
There were exercises at *the cemetery.
Attorney S. M. Woods delivering the ora
tion, after which the graves of the hon
ored dead were decorated with flowers.
E,emembered the Dead. V. "
Volunteers Parade.
SANTA CRUZ. May 30.— Memorial day
was observed here by the closing of busi
ness houses and public buildings. This af
ternoon literary exercises were held at the
Armory. : where Rev. M. U. Buck delivered
an oration. Members of the Grand Army,
Woman's Relief Corps, naval reserves and
school children formed a procession which
marched to the Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
where the graves of deceased veterans
were covered with flowers.
Graves Decorated.
SANTA ROSA, May 30.— The observance
of Memorial day here was general. This
afternoon an immense audience gathered
at the Athenaeum to hear the literary ex
ercises. William R. Davis of Oakland was
orator of the day.
Oratory at Santa Rosa.
PLACERVILLE. May 30.— Memorial day
was fittingly observed in this city to-day.
There was a suspension of business.
Nearly the entire population of the city
attended the exercises conducted by
Placerville Post. G. A. R., at Union Ceme
tery. Company H. National Guard of
California, and many fraternal societies
acted as escort to the local post. The
large assemblage was addressed by the
Hon. Prentiss Carpenter of this city and
the Rev. James Curry of Oakland.
Parade at Placerville.
The Second Infantry and Native Sons
turned out in - the procession. At the
cemetery a new flag:, presented by the
ladies of the Grand Army, was raised on
tno Grand Army plat during the exer
cises. Georpre \V. ilerr was president of
the day, and J. V. Towers delivered the
oration to the concourse of sever.a.1 thou
sand whicm had Assembled.
HAGERSTOWN. Md.. May rW.-An
. other link in the chain which binda
together tho once warring factions
cf the North and.South was forged
to-day by the dedication of a mon
ument erected to the memory of
men who wore the gray as well as those
who wore the blue, and who died In mor
tal combat on the bloody field "of An
tietam.
The event, -vhich probably is without a
parallel in the history of the world, was
graced by the presence of the President of
the United States, accompanied by many
membors of his Cabinet, a score or more
of United States Senators, thrice as many
members of .Congress, the Governor of
Maryland and prominent men from all
parts of the country. There " were also
prcstnt hundreds of veterans who fought
for the "lost cause," and thousands who
fought for the side that proved victorious.
Side by side, shoulder to shoulder, they
stood uncovered throughout the ceremony
which marked the conveyance of the mon
ument from the State of Maryland to the
National Government. A £reat crowd had
come from the adjoining country to wit
ness jthe spectacle and to greet the Chief
Executive of the nation."
The train which brought the President,
the members of his Cabinet and the Con
gressional party from Washington reached
the battlefield at noon. They were wel
comed by Governor- John Walter SmStlv
of Maryland and his staff, Adjutant-Gen
eral Saunders. a delegation of the officers
of the Maryland National Guard, several
posjs of the Grand Army of the Republic
of the Division of MaryKnd, members of
Herbert Camp, Confederate Veterans,
several camps of Sons of Veterans of both
armies, and' survivors of Drockenbrough's
Maryland Artillery, which fought with
the Confederate troops and distinguished
itself at Antletam.' These were drawn up
in line to greet the President, who, to
gether with Governor Smith, watched
them as they passed in review..
The dedicatory ceremonies Were opened
by Colonel Benjamin E. Taylor, who in
troduced General Henry K. Douglas, di
rector of ceremonies. Prayer was offered
by the Rev. B. F. Clarkson, who was fol
lowed by Governor John Walter Smith in
an address of welcome.
. Colonel Taylor, as president of the An
tletam ' Battlefield Commission of Mary
land, then presented the monument to the
National Government. .*'he Hon. Elihu
Root, Secretary of War. in a brief ad
dress, accepted It on behalf of the United
States. Then followed short addresses,
mainly of a reminiscent character. . by
Generals John B. Brooke. James Long
street. Orlando B. \Vi!cox ; J. E. Puryea,
Senators Foraker, Burrows and Daniel,
and others who -were prominent _on the
opposing sides in the great struggle.
These were followed by the Hon. George
B. McClellan of New York and members
of the United States Senate and House of
Representatives.
The band played "Hail to the Chief,
and General Douglas then introduced*
President McKinley. who delivered th*^d
drtfs of the day. The President
I appear only on the moment that I may
irake a commensurate acknowlpdEmpnt for your
gr«>«:tinss and express my sympathy and ap
proval. I am glad to meet on this memorable
field the followers of Lee and Jackson and
Longstrept. with the followers of Grant, Sher
man and ShM-Man. street ing each other with af
feeticr. and resr>ect. One reflection only has
iTowded my mind— the difference between this
and that or tliirty-eiKht years ago. Then the blue
greeted tbe gray with Fhot and shell. We mest
after all thet=e years with but one sentiment—
that of loyalty to the Government and love f<>r
our flag:. an<l determined to make any sacrifice
for the American I.'nlon. I- am e!a<i ft that
meetingr between Crant and Lee at Apj>omattox.
I am glad we were kept together and the Union
was raved. There must be comfort in the fact
that American soldiers never surrendered to
any but American soldiers.
1 am Klad to preside over a nation of S0.000.000
people more united than they have ever been.
The achievements of that war are the heritage
of those who failed and those who prevailed.
"When we wrnt to war two years ago the men
of the South vied with the men of the North in
bravery. Together the men of the North and
the South are etandlns to-day tar the flag that
we lave and which proudly waves over us all.
The exercises closed with a benediction
by the Rev. William Dame.
At the National Cemetery.
. WASHINGTON, May 30.— Business was
suspended in the national capital to-day,
while thousands of citizens, Veterana of
tnree wars, and their descendants, paid
tribute to the^natlon's heroic dead. , In
the eight cemeteries around the city ser
vices were tiekJ. and orations delivered by
some of the mest ¦• able orators, whose
duties call them each session to the na
tional capital. Upon the graves loving
hands placed memorial wreaths "and
"taps'' floated from a score of bugles as
the nation "pairt its tribute to the heroism
of the departed. , :
As usual the chief ceremonies were .at
Arlington. Veterans *of the civil war, the
Mexican war and the war with Spain and
the District militia participated in the
procession, which marched through the
heart of Washington, led by the marine
band. ¦ The march to Arlington was too
long for the old soldiers and electric cars
were used to convey them—to the great
national cemetery. The procession reach
ed Arlington promptly at noon, when the
national salute was tirftd by a battery on
the adjoining heights The orators and ln
vfted guests assembled in the "Temple of
Fame." Here the Marine band played a
dirge, while the members of the -various
organizations buried the pedestal of the
monument in wreaths and chaplets of
flowers. The procession then moved
along the main road through the cemetery
and dlsiK-rsed long enough to scatter flow
ers upon thousands of tbe marked
graves. :.'
The ceremony of decoration finished, the
procession reassembled at the' amphi
theater, where the bugler sounded the
assembly and the oratorical feature of the
services began, liev. W. G. Davenport,
the department chaplain, delivered' a
touching invocation, after which B. F.
Chase, the assistant adjutant General,
read the orders of the day. Rev. ( J. E.
Rankin read a poem. -The Marine! band
then played a composition, "Slowly and
Sadly," written especially for the occa
sion by Madame Root de TArmltage. The
oration of the day was delivered by Con
gressman - BroEius, his topic -being
••Patriotism." ¦
S. W. McEldery read Lincoln's Immor
tal Gettysburg address. Captain H. A.
Castle delivered an address. . "Our Com
rades Did Xot Die in Vain," in which he
paid a touching trioute to the valor of
the- nations dead and especially to 'the
success with which those who bore a
prominent part In the civil war had. sub
sequently carved out names and reputa
tions for themselves in civil life; -After
the benediction, the Marine band followed
the long-established custom of closing the
exercises with the olu familiar hymn,
"Safe in the Arms of .TeFUS."
Washington Ledge of Elks instituted a
novel idea in decorating the graves of Its
deceased members. Sixty-five of. these
"absent brothers" have passed away since
the organization of the local lodge and a
number of them found resting places in
various /parts of the country, ., large
wreaths were sent from this city to be
placed upon the graves, some of which
nre located at Denver, Colo.; Philadelphia,
Mattoon, 111.: Troy. N. Y.. and Harris
burg. Pa.- -Every local cemetery also was
visited and each Elk's grave appropriate
ly decorated. - .;iSAfl
Mrs. McKinley. accompanied by Mrs
Hastings and Colonel Webb Hayc-3, both
guest* at the White House, attended the
cereraonies. She carried a wreath and a
box of flowers. Sg.y&fttBSr/gaggjHS
Salute Fired at Grant's Tomb.-
NEW YORK. May SO.— With almost per
fect weather conditions Memorial day was
generally observed in this city. The par
ade was unusually large and along its
route v, Fifth avenue, from Fifty-sixth
street to .Washington Square, was gay
with bunting, and .packed with people
Special services were: held at. the grave of
General John M. Dix; where' an address
was delivered by Rev. J. L,., Hurlbut
chaplain of the Empire State Society,- Sons
of the American Revolution. Services of
an impressive character were held at
Grant's tomb, where Lieutenant Governor
Woodruff was the phlef speaker. Other
addresses were ¦ ¦ delivered : . and ¦: a salute
President . McKinley Participates in a Memorial Day
Ceremony Cementing: the Reunion of Once
-_ _ . .
Warring Factions/
fired. At nearly all of the cemeteries ap
propriate ceremonies were held.
'One of the features of the parade was a
company of 100 of Roosevelt's Spanish war
veterans, who paraded in the uniforms
they wore in Cuba. #
Among the iloral offerings at Grants
tomb was a wreath from- President Mc-
Kinley.
• Former Foes Fraternizs. i
CHICAGO. May 30.— Memorial day was
quietly observed here. In consideration
of the aging veterans the line of march
of the parade was limited to a mile. There
were many visitors at all the cemeteries,
brightening the graves of departed sol
fliers with Wreaths and garlands, of flow
ers. Confederate veterans held a service
at their monument in the Confederate
plat at Oakwoods. They marched through
the Grand -Army plat and laid tributes ot
peace on the graves of their former ene
mies. Later members of Dewey Post.
Grand Armv. strewed (lowors on the lawn
under -which are buried the Confederates
who died while prisoners at Camp Doug
lass.
Bronze Statues Unveiled.
IIVSKEGON, Mich! May . 30.— The
bronze statues of Abraham Lincoln. Gen
eral I'. S. Grant. General YY. T; Sherman
and Adminil Karragut, given to this city
by Charles H. Hacklcy. were unveiled to
day.- Local members of the Grand Army
of tho Republic had charge of the cere
monies. The crowd present included
many veterans from other cities. The
.statues are of heroic size, mounted on pe
destals, each one on one of the corners
of thf public square, donated to the city
by Mr. Hackley. They are the work of
Sculptors Nichaus and Rhlnd and cost
J4S.0C0.
Graves Strewn With Flo-wers.
PHILADELPHIA, May 30.— Memorial
day was observed in this city with the
customary ceremonies by the various
Grand Army posts and by the strewing of
flowers on the graves ot the soldier dead.
The dead of the Revolutionary War. the
War of 1S12. the Mexican War and those
who died in battle in the Civil and Span
ish wars or in camps were remembered.
Special cerem/mies were held at the
Braves of General Meade in Laurel Hill
Cemetery and monuments of Washington.
Lincoln. Grant, JleCleiian, Reynolds and
other distinguished heroes were draped
with the stars and stripes and flowers.
Lincoln's Memory Honored.
SPRINGKIKI.D, 111., May SO.— Memorial
day services were held at the national
Lincoln monument and the oration of the
day was delivered by former Governor
Asa Bushnell of Ohio. Major E. P. Bart
lett. State commander of the Union Vet
erans" Union, rejLd Lincoln's Gettysburg
oration. The veterans were, presided over
by G. A.'R. Past Commander J. B. Jnman.
After the usual parade- the soldiers'
graves were covered with flowers.
Memorial Day in Manila.
MANILA, May 30. r Memor5al day was
observed here as a general holiday. Mili
tary ceremonies were held at/ the various
statioirs and salutes were tired from the
forts at Santiago and Manila! A military
escort proceeded to the Malate Cemetery,
where the graves of United States sol
diers were decorated and an address was
made by the chaplain. ' Memorial exer
cises were held also in the theater.
Thousands of Tombs T>2cofa ted.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., May 30.-Memorlal
day was celebrated here this afternoon" by
the decoration of 3300 graves in the Na
tional Cemetery. Judpe J. H. Ingersoll
was the orator. Several thousand people
were in attendance.
Services at Jefferson Barracks.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. May .30.— Memorial day
was celebrated with a. parade, at the con
clusion of which *the organizations par
ticipating rode to -Jefferson Barracks
where the graves of 1G.O0O Mexican, Civil
and Spanish war dead were decgrated and
appropriate exercises 'held. » .
Address by General Wheeler.
CHATTANOOGA. Tenn., May 30.-Tho
graves of 13.6S9 Civil War veterans and
169 soldiers who died in the encampment
at Chickamauga Park two years ago were
decorated to-day with flowers and Hags.
Addresses were delivered by General
Xenophon Wheeler on behalf of the Grand
Army.
Confederate Dead Honored.
LOUISVILLE. Ky..'May 30.— The graves
of the Confederate dead in the National
Cemetery at Cave Hill were decorated this
afternoon by the Grand Army posts of
Louisville and the Woman's Relief Corps.
At «he National Cemetery In New Albany,
Ind., across the river, some exercises were
held.
S Sad Rites at War Cemeteries.
NASHVILLE. Tenn., May 30.—Decora
tion day. was observed by the local posts'
of the Grand Army of the Republic, ser
vices being held at the National ceme
teries near Nashville and Murfreesboro.-
The graves of several thousand soldiers
were decorated with flowers.
Flowers in Profusion.
CINCINNATI. -0.. May SO.— The soldier
dead at the Sprang Grove Cemetery were
honored by their comrades to-day with
a profusion of flowers. There were no
public addresses. ' m '
The Day Observed Abroad.
PARIS, May 30.— About 250 Americans
gathered at the Picpus Cemeterv to-day
at the customary celebration at the grave
of General do Lafayette. Speeches were
delivered by General Horace Porter the
United States Embassador; Colonel
Clarke E. Carr, Commissioner-General
Ferdinand W. Peck and C. Lafayette tho
nearest descendant of the great patriot
A number of wreaths from various Amer
ican societies wore laid upon the tomb '
BERLIN, May SO.— The United States
Embassy and Consulate were hung with
American flags to-day in honor of Decora
tion day. The GermanrAmerican Society
celebrated the occasion this evening at
the Bavarian restaurant. ' *
ST. THOMAS. D. W\ I., May 3O.-The
crew of the United States Coast Survey
steamer Blake, now undergoing repairs
here, decorated the grave/ of Rhodes of
the Dixie, who died here in February last
DAY CELEBRATED
IN COAST CITIES
Graves of. the Honored Decked
With Flowers and Patriotic
Addresses Delivered. -S
' 9 ' .'.
LOS ANGELES, May 30.— Memorial day
was fittingly. celebrated here to-day. The
beautiful monument erected to the mem
ory of the dead of the Seventh Regiment,
N. G. C, was unveiled in Central Park in
the morning and the exercises were ela
borate and impressive. Hon. J. s! Slauson
presented the monument to the city with
appropriate and touching remarks, and
Mayor Fred Eaton, on behalf of the city
accepted the gift. lion. Will A. Harris
delivered the oration. At Evergreen and
Rosedale cemeteries memorial exercises
were held and the graves of the war
heroes decorated. '.This \ afternoon the
veterans' parade took place and later ser
vices were held in Simpson Auditorium
Rev. Will A. Knighton delivered an ora
tion: The day was generally * observed
throughout the city, schools, banks and
business houses being closed. There were
bicycle races, ball; games and picnics at
the various parks and resorts. »
Ceremonies at Sari Jose.
SAN JOSE,. May SO.— Memorial day was
becomingly commemorated tcf-day by the
decoration of graves and by patriotic ex
ercises at the Victor}- Theater in the
afternoon and evening. The address in
the afternoon was delivered by Rev. Burr
M. Wecden; that of the evening by Colonel
G. G. Grant. Business generally was sus
pended.
'; Flag Presentation.
SACRAMENTO, May 30.— Memorial day
was celebrated to-day by the Grand Army
and citizens in one of the largest assem
blages ever held here for ;that purpose..
ANTIETAM'S MONUMENT TO
BLUE AND GRAY UNVEILED
>T\ . ¦...¦ -:¦•-.¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ w ¦
ilONOW-Lf. May 22.— Albert Francis
•Judd; Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
of Hawaii; d'ed at his residence, Nuuaiiu
Valley, bn the 2)th. He had been ill for
Fcyrral months .and for. the past week had
peen tlawly sinking:. At his bedside when
: he. paffed away Were his wife and all tho
childreii ex.cept one, who is away at col
l'rge. "his /other immediate relatives and
: a -<>w-Ihi:rr;ate friends.
¦¦ -Albert Francis Juad was the fon of Dr.
and .Mr?: Gerritt P. Judd, who. came here
under the auspicos of. the American Board
of OonamiFsioners for Foreign Missions
on the : f hip. Parthian, arriving at Hono
lulu on March 30, ]*2S. He was born in
Hor.eiiriu .on January. 7.' 1R3S. His early
educatioiiw^f: Parried on under the difft
eulTies that surrounded the education *of
the children of the e.arly missionaries, a
¦ vivid tiut sympathetic account of wh'icn
: has boipii {rhen by the late Chief Justice's
¦:. mother in a little volume published about
rtStil; H*\ attended, the Royal School, then
"a school for the education of the chiefs
:^n3 ihf-ir children, and with the creation
: ef Oahu Collvcje he took instruction from
Key, :F..;<G, Beckn-i.th,- and later from
Jtev: ' iianiel Dole, father of President
. .DofeiK -;.^ ; ;:¦;-¦ : ' ¦ • ' ' •-•:
: ; Fitted undtr- this instruction to enter
[college, he went to Yale, where he j?rad
vated both' as a iiachelbr of arts and in
i ihe -law Fichooi of ; 1ST.!». when he was 20
•**ar» of ape. He returned at once ' to
Honolulu, where he began the practice of
iaw. lie afterward traveled in Europe,
end it v as while on this tour that he met
Miss Asmes. daughter of Rev. James R.
Boyd of Geneva. X. Y., whom he married.
They eame at once to Honolulu and thio
has beif^i tht ir home ever s=ince.
Of tins marriage there are nine children
living — seven sons and two daughters.
They are: Albert F. Jr.. Agnes K.. James
R-, Allen \\\, Henry, Charies S., Sophie,
Gerritt and Lawrence.
Chlof Justice Judd's poUtical career he
gt~n with his appointment as Attornev
iier.era.1 of the kingdom under . I^unalllo
5o 1£73. He hi-J4.that office throughout the
rc'gn of Lusiaiuo. and on his death re-
FOTped . the- practice of law. On February
]&f 1ST4. he was appointed second Asso
ciate Justice of the Supreme Court to" suc
; ceed A.- S. Hartwell. who entered th*
.Cabinet. He became first Associate Jus
tice three years later, February 1, 1S77,
'And .on the death of Chief Justice Harris
became Chief Justice on November '5. 1SSL
. «. -
-f: T*:HE LATE -CHIKF JUSTICE
T VXLBKRT FRANCIS JUDD OF
* HAWAII. :
Political Career on the Islands Bsgan
• ••: : V;Witli'aa7 Appointment as At
.. . : torney General by King
.•;.= ;'¦':''¦¦¦"¦':'; i '¦'-• Lunalilo. •;
Passing of Albert F. Judd
After Several Months'
; v Illness.
DEATH CALLS
THE HAWAIIAN
CHIEF JUSTICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 31, 1900.
2
THE REV. B. M. PALMER OF
NEW. ORLEANS; .WHO .DELIV
ERED THE ADDRESS AT THE
CONFEDERATE^ REUNION: IN
LOUISVILLE YESTERDAY.
ADVEBTISEEEENTSw
IT TAKES THE CAKE!
What does? Why, our superb laun-
dry work, of course. Our establish-
ment is a smile factory, and the re-
sults of its workings are found all over
town. Our customers are all pleased
and happy, and as our work is always
good they never have reason to be
otherwise.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street,
Near PowelL
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 4O9 12th Street.
t i . ¦
EVERY DOLLAR
YOU INVEST IN
OF*H!R OIL STOCK
will be devoted to actual de-
velopment of the property.
The officers of the company
dravr NO SAI+ARIKS and ara .
not dependent on stock sales
for a livelihood. The company
Is organized to
...GET O/L..V
and establish a business of
profit. Some stocks are dear
at any price.
OPHiRO.LSTOCK
Is cheap at Its present selling
price. Fully 'said and non-
,-"i assessable. Call or send for
prospectus.
OPHIR OIL COMPANY
Mills Building, San Francisco.
Los Angeles Office. 4C3 Douglas Block.
PALACE HOTEL
The high standard of excellence main-
tained by these hotels Is recognize! and
appreciated by a discriminating and faa-
?Ks clientele who regularly make ttem
their headquarters when in San Francisco.
Located In close proximity to wholesale
and shopping district?. Places of amuse-
ment and with the further advantage of
having street cars to all points of Interest
European plan. '
GFtf\T>iD HOTEL
iT^ToR- JORDAN'S greatJ
IfiiUSEUH OF flHATOMYi
V Mr The Largest Anatomical Mmnn in the \
' X - jl World. 1* ea«ne«es or any contracted m
W 3gzZ~£2> excise pc--»»»J»« -l TC»»r«»«»hy the olds»t T
Ito Jvjt^Tl SpecuUucncbi. Coasb Est. 36 jr-ajir*. <
I i^&l C8. JCaSAS-f-Rr/ATE DISEASES 0
i) 1 X*3 'it *'** ltmeilt petsooally or by letter. A B
TO fr yi H ***•'*'" <^«ine»ery ease uadfrtakea. \
A»lf \& Wf.te for Book. PnitDslirUVtfi
if H J IV BAMMU6E, MAILCO VXSS. I A Y ¦
j If L nSuable boo!: foe rara> \
y DU. JUUDAK^CO.. lOSl Market St.. & F. V
Dfi.liALL'5 am YluOUA 102^5^
rive hundred reward for as; kjff™5dfe4
case we cannot cur*. This secret KSa fiSQ
remedy stops all losses in 24 vtl
hours, cures Emisalonj, Impo- ann Hi
teney. Vartcocele. Gonorrhoea. f*£ PSi
Gleet. Fits. Strlcturas. Lost iili EEPl
Manhood and all watting effects Sr 0L&*
cf celf-abuse or excesses, gent f^^—P^Tji
icaled. II bottle; a ¦ bottles. J5; guaranteed ta
VZZfUiSZS*!*; Address HALi/s MEDICi^EJ.
6TlTiiTS. SW Broadway. Oakland. CaL a£~
for sa!« at 1073H Market st.. SB". All prtrSS
diseases quickly enred. Send for free book.
All ' p ft .Completely 'eradicated .with-'
IJ 1 1 Ssi V out cutting - or tylnz. Ho
¦ la Ij ¦ m ' cure * no Day * ' For inform*-
I I b Iss V tlon address 9. 7. RECTAIt
" INSTITUTE. UT0 Maxksk
,._<^ EVERY MAN;
fk'jr AND
Zk%i- WOMAN I
\\ /(Z)n Should !
/J^55i|StudyTliis|
\]r* JP DIAGRAM. |
L-0 ¥ I Fon rr mat be j
I 1 V if the maai ot bring- i
I &J I ~% ins ha rP'ness. Health
\^y 4%. j. "* is happiness, and how !
|> ft to regain health that !
I; 4Vv h* 18 bf>en lost is a ques- I
;• \ j Vf tlon vltia import- !
*- V\. ance. "There Is no class i
©f diseases more conirnon to humanitj-, and no '
«!scn*.i-s that are more apt to create serious !
complications, than those that relate to the !
A TORPID LIVER may F*>m/i n Itself an In- 1
cffenflve 'disorder to one who toes not und»r-
•tand. or one who does not rive the matter
neroius thought, but (t U » nioft. <lans<>rcni<
diworder. KUXCTJOSAL HEART UIFEA^P
\."I/'ERATIOX OF THE PTC»MA«"H CifRo\l«' ;
INFLAMMATION AND LNLAnGEMENTOF
THE LIVER ABE VERY OFTEN DfE TO
TORl'lD UVER. V - C '. AV ';
' Von can <lia*irr:osc your cwn rase. (No. l) De-
cotes heada'-he and dizzy fr-eU*: <>To 2) vellow
eyes anrt <3nts before eyee; (So. T.) seated toncue
and orrenrive breath; (Xo. 4) rtutterine o^
t-.t-crt; (Nol *) dlyor<!erf(l dijrestion; (N'o C)
Iiaitt orsnrenej* crver region of liver; <Xo' 7)
pain in phoulder* and achins of Joint" The
a*.TT* are ail f>-mrtoms of an inactive liver
Another " prcmlnent rympton is COXSTIPV-
T1VN.
, ,HUDTAN if a po.i-
•- MEN AND, rurc for rtl! liver
•- .WOMEN troubles. HI'DyIx
ADVISED | ftrenethcas and slini-
FREE. I ulato^ a sluggish or
• Call or Write, i torpid liver ana dl- 1
4 ¦*¦ vertu the bile from
the blood Into its
proper charrels. IIUDTAN cure^ constipation
;«erraar.er.t!y. for it arousw the liver from its
lnactlr-n. HirDYAN acts naturally, does not
nauseate,' does not cause any diiscom/ort.
TTU'DYAN Is lor eale by . druggists— ;x!c a
Iiackage- <t six packages for JIM!. •;, j
" If your dmgrirt <Jo*» n»t -keep HUD VAN
rtvit <lirect to the HL'DYAN- REMEDr- CO..
cor. Stockton. E!!i» end Market rts.. £an Fran-
<izso. Cat. ¦'¦-'
.• YOU" MAY CONSULT THE HUDTAS DOC-
TORS ABOUT YOUB CAFK FREE OF
ckiAPGE. CALL OR WRITS. ..__
Of the great Generals of the Confederate army in the United States few re
main.- The most conspicuous figure among these is Gene ral James Longstreet.
of Gainesville, Ga. His" loyalty and courage in defending the lost cau won the
admiration of the world. As a survivor of that splendid chivalry peculiair to p»r
SouthernTStates two generations ago, General Longstreet is one ot tne mosi
Un lie iTT man h o£ a few words, but when he does speak his opinions are accepted
• , -.y- by his fellow-countrymen with profound respect, if
>^PS^ not reverence. In commenting upon Peruna. the old
\.fff. \ general made vse of the following language:
ft^S^I ."I join with my comrade, General Wheeler,
m72jwj?' in testifying io the merits of Peruna, both as a
p'v "t^^^^^^t tonic and a catarrh remedy. Peruna enjoys
, W^mh &<$$i^i$&i$$k * ns grsztest reputation as a catarrh remedy
I M0^^&^S^%>h^ of any medicine yot devised."
fT\^^^M^^^WW^\ James Longstreet.
' m^m^^i '^&&^\- ~Genrral Longstreet's reference to Gen-
i^W^il KW^toW eral Wheeler in commenting? upon Poruni
M»SiM\ was occasioned by a public statement of
&raiiiilii&i llifllii3$W^P£%\ General Wheeler some time prior, in
yiiiiiit ' bs^^^^k^ which he had praised peruna as «^ at f "
l#»1»TOW?«i^S\ remedy and tonic. General Wheelers
'tf>W«$$is Wxmi^f/^MM^iX signed statement was as follows:
JlMwPP^ m^WmM&W8£$S&' "I join with Senators Sullivan. Roach
i§llPi§t "t^SS^^^^B and McEnery in their good opinion of
M£C#|it$ Peruna. It is recommended to me by
il#v&*i«^ W 3 *" l^^« : M'-5tW tnog e who have used it as an excellent
' AwMWsr' toni c and peculiarly effective as a cure
*J-WBWfi tor catarrh " Joe Wheeler.
jp4^^'>i*^Hw^^^5^* !^^5S^^%^ Almost everybody neerls a tonic in the
> '} i^' :i -'f^c^m spring. Something to brace the nerves.
f^W^W|^*} IwsWWi • invigorate the brain and cleanse the
-^^^M\^%p^^W^^^^^M^vA blood. That Peruna will do this is beyond
llllt^M%'l4 " Emyone who has triod It has had the
%ffi£%fflm / //M//ffiy/iW\ same experience as Mrs. D. XV. Timber-
W^I^^Mi^^^yf^W^ZC^/^\ lake of Lynchburg. Va., who, in a re-
WAyfflWw/'// y 0yy/''^v\ cent letter, made use of the following
' y %yy'V\ words: "I always take a dose of Peruna
C?J nsk- 1 *^^ '¦—.''A^'y't 'sss ' v!\ after business hours, as it is a great thing
¦ * v % -^ V . for the nerves. There Is no better spring
General James Longstreet. tonic, and I have used about all of them.
The spring is ths best time to treat exhausted nerves. Nature
renews herself every spring. The system is rejuvenated by spring
weather. This renders t medicines more effective./ A short course of
Peruna, assisted by the balmy 'air of spring, will cure old, stubborn
Famous Generals
cases ot nervousness that havs**
sisted treatment for years. \
General Marcus Wright r->i n
street, Washington. D c a Corcoran
Confederate greneral. who V 3 \ n P^ oml nent •
getting up the records of the V-,, r ? a ° e
rebellion, has the following to \J^°,i tha
gard to Peruna: aay la re-
"I iake pleasure in commending
Peruna. It is a remarkable medi-
cine and should be used by persons
who are in need of a good tonic and
sufferers from catarrh."
General W. W. Duffleld, general in th<»
Mexican war and general of the Union
Army in the late ciyil war. in a lette-
written from "The Cairo," Washington'
D. C, says the following of Peruna: '
"/ have used Peruna in my family
and have found it a valuable medi-
cine, and iake pleasure in recom-
mending it to all who suffer from ca-
tarrh of the stomach or who require,
a tonic of efficiency."
General S. S. Yoder, ex-Member of Con*
gress from Lima. O., in a recent letter to
Dr. Hartraan, speaks of Peruna as fol-
lows:
"/ desire to say that I have found
Peruna to be a wonderful remedy. I
only used it for a short time and am
thoroughly satisfied as to its merits.
/ cannot find words to express my
gratitude for the results obtained.
As a catarrh cure I shall gladly rec-
ommend it to all sufferers."
Those desiring a book on spring catarrU
should address The Peruna Medicine Co.,
Columbus, O.
ADVERTISEMENTS."NEWCASTLE. May 30.— The -nemy
having formed a laager east of the town
at Dornberg, pressed my right rear an
noyingly. On May 27 I directed a force
under Lyttleton, by Schangadrift. on
LONDON. May 30.— The following dis
patch has been received at the War Of
fice from General Buller:
BULLER'S REPORT OF
RECENT OPERATIONS
When asked as to their plans In the
nvpnt of the surrender of the republic
and the capture of President Kruger.
Mr. Wessel!: and Mr. Fischer both agreed
that they would keop on In their work In
this country until they were officially re
called.
Mr. Fi3cher acknowledged that if Pres
idpnt Krusrer should tell the men of his
army to lav clown their arms and sur
render in a body th?y would do ?o. but
he clr.lmed this never will be done by the
President.
The bulletin wa« read to him in com
pany with the other envoys after their
Attendance at it concert to-night. Mr.
Fischer f5eo!ar«»<l at t!i» Mm~ of their de
parture from Pretoria, three months ago.
there were two olans cf action which had
been deterrrired upon in th» event of the
approach of the British at Pretoria. One
was to concentrate all th» Boer forces
Inside the city and I»nvp the rest of the
country open to the British until the fall
of the city.
The other wns to evacuate Pretoria
after a sllcrht show of resistance, to en
able supplies to be- collected, and then
thp nrmy was to scatter Into the moun
tains and erter upon a eruerrllla warfare
which would last until the last man was
killed.
oned. th«? war will cease only for a time,
and" it will be renewed again and again
if nced.be until we get our liberty." -was
t\e dramatic utterance of M. A. Fischer,
ore of the Boer rnvoys. when he wa3
shown -the Associated Pre?s bulletin from
London, announcing the impending sur
render of Pretoria.
BOSTON, May 30.— "Even if the whole
country Is taken and the leaders impris-
"WAR WILL CEASE
ONLY FOR A TIME"
A dispatch sent from Johannesburg last
night describes the town as intensely ex
cited throughout the day on reports that
the British were approaching; but says
the excitement subsided In the evening,
owing to rumors that the British had been
driven back. There are large, numbers of
burghers at Johannesburg, but remark
able order prevails there. /'
~* /
"On Sunday a fight occurred close to
Van Wycksrust in Gatsrand. The Fed
erals fought well and the British troops
seemed tired out. At dark the Federals
were forced to retire in the direction of
Van Wycksrust on account of the over
whelming force of British.
"The British, attacked Wittwatersrand
yesterday and were in contact with the
Federals at Gatsrand, but they were
beaten back with good results by the Fed
erals under Commandant Louis Botha.
The Federals were heavily bombarded all
day long, but kept their positions. The
British loss Is reported to be considerable.
The British are near Utrecht and they are
also marching on Laings Nek."
PRETORIA. May- 29.— An offlcl.il war
bulletin, Just issued, is as follows:
BOER VERSION OF
THE RECENT BATTLES
"Fearing a possible disturbance and
bloodshed among the prisoners of war at
Waterval, United States Consul Hay
and Leigh Wood insisted upon twenty of
ficers being liberated on parole to go to
the men. Their action cannot be too
highly praised. I was permitted to ac
company the officers. Everything was
quiet."
"PRETORIA, Wednesday, May 30, 11:40
a. m.— Pretoria will be occupied in about
two hours without resistance. The Presi
dent has gone to Watervalboven. Burgo
master de Souza is authorized to receive
the British. He. with an lniluonti.il com
mittee of citizens, including Chief Justice
Uregorowskl, has been appointed to pre
serve life and property during the inter
regnum. Everything is quiet, but crowds
are waiting expectantly in Church Square
for the arrival of the British.
LONDON. May 31, 2 a. m.— The Dally
Mall published the following dispatch
from the Earl of Rosslyn, who was a
prisoner at Pretoria, but who, as a civil
ian, appears to have been released:
AWAITING THE BRITISH
ARRIVAL AT PRETORIA
The Australians, who escaped from Pre
toria on April C8," have arrived at Mafe
king. having spent a month on the veldt,
v.-ith but little food and no blankets. They
slept by day and marched by night. They
complain bitterly of the treatment at Pre
toria.
¦In Northern Natal Utrecht has surren
dered to General Hildyard and General
Lyttleton is moving to Vryheld. Three
different correspondents estimate the
number of Beers at Lalngrs Nek at about
10,000.
ther north without opposition. Command
ant Snyman having gone toward Pretoria.
Sr^rial Dispatch to The Call.
AUBURX. May 20.— The Democratic
County Central Committee of Placer :
County ha* appointed the following dele
gates to the State Convention: J. M.;
Mariner, J. R. Dyer. Isador Levlson. W.
H. Tudsbury. William Dunlap, H. P. Han
sen. Jacob Kuensley. Robrrt Munroe, J.
J. Sullivan and Alfred Dixoa.
T>fle gates From Placer.
HOSPITAI* SHIP MAINE.
CAPE TOWN. May 30.— The hospital
ship Maine, from Southampton May 3, ar
rived here to-day.
LOURENZO MARQUES. May 3O.-Gdeds
traffic between here and the Transvaal
was officially closed to-day, the reason ap
parently being the military movements. in,
progress. .^,"
A Transvaal Boer commando has ar
rived at Komatipoort. ' ¦<"-; . V
All the Portuguese troops have been or
dered to be in readiness to proceed to the
frontier and the Portuguese fleet along
th*» coast has received orders to concen-.
trate here.
POltTTJGTJESE FORCES BEADY.
LONDON, May 30.— The War Office has
communicated to the organizer "of the Im
perial Yeomanry the Government's grati
tude for the service of "this force of weU
equipped fighting men. to who^e admir
able service In the field Lord Roberts baa
borne such high testimony." ¦ • '¦
The War Office adds that the time has
arrived when the committee of the Im
perial Yeomanry can safely be relieved
from Its arduous duties so patriotically
assumed at a time of national emergency.
and Lord Lansdowne expressed on behalf
of the Government it* sense of the" great
d?bt the state owes the yeomanry. .- :¦-,•;.¦.
GRATITUDE TO YEOMANRY.
Dornberg. These movements have caused
thr» enemy at Dornberg to retire north.
Hudyard is at l.'trecht and the town has
surrendered. Clery is bombarding Laings
Nek. The enemy are much disheartened
and were thev not in such very strong
positions. I doubt If they would show
rlfrht. Th*» railway was opened to Mew
castle on May 2S."
Field Marshal Lord Roberts, Britain's Greatest General Since Wellington,
and President Kruger of the Transvaal, Who Has Fled From Pretoria.
burg and Mafeking. Geysdorp is from
twelve to fifteen miles east. General
Hunter meets with no resistance.
General Baden-Powell Is invading far-
FREED BY FORTUNE OF WAR.
View cf cne end of the prison camp at "Waterval, near Pretoria, where nearly 3500 British pris
oners, who have been confined for months, have been set free by the flight of their guards before Lord
teem to dwindle In comparison. General
Hunter re-entered the Transvaal at Marl-
bogopan Tuesday. The advance was made
off the railway. "Water is scarce and all
j the farms are deserted. General Hunter
reached Geysdorp yesterday with ten
days' supplies. "sj
Maribogopan is half way between Vry-
Ey the- Associated Press.
T . ON'DON. May "1 (3 a. m.)— At noon
I :. yesterday the British only
I : . ei>o.ut two "hours' march from Pre-
E -\ t tc-ria arid the Boer military forces
'hid abar.dQr.ed the cjty. This ir.tel-
-. llgesce comes from the Rcuter agent
At: the. Transvaal ' capital and from the
Earl of. Rosslyn in a press dispatch. The
two rr.essages left about the same time.
' .At 2 o'clock. this morrJr.g the War Of
fice- ha<3- received no news from Lord
Roberts which- the officials -would make
public,: but. it is assumed that the press
advices are. correct. Most of the London
Tttorning papers,- through the courtesy of
the iba'ly Mail., print Lord Ross'.yn's dis
.p.->tch. .and- comment upon it, treating the
.-war. as. ended.'; Seme of the more cautious
think that puerrllla warfare is like
ly.-rd he- carried on for some time in vari
;rtis..;;artsof the- conquered territory. All
Ctlio lioi-T forces are dissolving-. Lord
.K ¦•¦: rt:-. apparently has not yet taken any
: .-,ra'Me -quantities of artillery, arms
df. fcterieS. • Lnrp<» -l>odUs of Boers must
itiill f ? nmpwhtre in tho f.p-ld.
v»wa*ercaIbOTen," or Watcrfallboven, Is
s due cast of Pretoria, on the
-a Bay Railway. It should not be
V' -r.fysYV; with YV-aterval, ten miles north
«. f.:.P-:«v:'Tji, where the British prisoners
U'altervalbovea is a small place in
;i caqtinfilnot:* country. The seat of the
I-'.-cr ;:. v- rnzsest — what there is left of it
-McrCi.' probably be Lydenburg. to the
'north. -
¦Johannesburg Surrendered.
-.A .-^Jfspatch ¦ from Lourenzo Marques
datr i >\*ti2ne?aay says:
. : .'¦<¦'. rv.zr.oj: icr.t Kraus has surrendered
iIoh&nECsburg to Lord Roberts. By to
i ;¦• '.. trafn frcm Pretoria arrived a few
Xj.r€t<-ks. v.-ho say they were told to leave
j*r<'tori;a' Ti'^.duy. Tlitj- affirm that the
Jrala In which ihry left was shelled by
•.i British, and that half of the train
vras cut off, the rer..alniicr steaming
>.Tva\V- This incident probably occurred
act K!ar.«Isfonu in . Junction. Passengers
from Pretoria insert that the town is ut
terly dcrnoraUzt-d. There is a mad rush
for. the coast. Five trair.loads of fugi
tives are expected here to-night."
Trouble With Portugal.
The L'jurenzo Marque? correrpondents
think, the bcrder. trouble between- the
Transvaal and Portugal may come to a
head at any moment. Komatl bridge Is
Ftror.gly defended. Yesterday the Portu
guese, authorities were preparing to resist
a "possible cr.g-ag-cment. A mule battery
was sent to the frontier.
. The 1.,0'jrer.zo Marques correspondent of
the Times fays:
•; "It would not be surprising if a large
proportion of the rebel Dutch sought
temporary refuge or. Portugruese territory.
Although the authorities here tft reti
cent, they are not blind to such a possi
bility." M--
It is rer>crted that a special train from
Pretoria with fugitives was derailed on
the Transvaal side of Komatipoort, a
number of passengers being killed or in
jured.:
The British authorities . at Buluwayo
think the Boers will retire into Southern
Rhod^Ia.
Release of British. Prisoners.
By the. release of the British prisoners
ct.Waterval a full brtpade will be added
to the anr.y of Lord Roberta, as there
•were 177 oSlccrs and 4182 privates among
them. ' ' '
Event* elsewhere !n the field rof war
All other news important enough in a way sinks into significance beside the occupation
of the Boer capital. One cannot help being struck by the capacity of Lord Roberts for directing
his movements in such a way as tocause a remarkable coincidence in dates. The day chosen
for his entry into Johannesburg was the first anniversary of the arrival of Sir Alfred FMner and
President Kruger in Bloemfontein for the important conference concerning the points at issue be
tween Great Britain and the South African republic, especially those connected with the grievances
of the outlander population of the city of gold.
defenders of the forts Were ordered by the local committed appointed to preserve the peace to
leaveiheir posts. Measures were taken to control the rank and file of the British prisoners by
sending to them some of tfieir own officers. Citizens assembled in Church Square, in the center
of the town, to receive Kie victors when they entered.
TF UNOON, May 31.— -The Boer war is over. Before this news reaches you the British flag will
Jj be flying over Anything that may happen now is merely a matter of policing and
-— pacification. The War Office received no information yesterday as to the movements of Lord
Roberts' troops, and at 25 minutes after 1 o'clock this morning it was stated that the au
thorities had no nev^s for publication. The Daily Mail, therefore, obtained the first inkling of the
great news through its correspondent, Ear! of Rosslyn, who has been a prisoner at Pretoria. He sent
word under date of yesterday that Pretoria would be in the hands of the British in two hours.
President Kruger has left the Transvaal capital as a fugitive, having probably been de
posed. He was reported yesterday to be at Watervalboven, which is not marked on any availa
ble map. This can hardly be Waterfall, where the British «o'^rs were confined, but is appar
ently a station on the Delagoa Bay Railway, half way between Middleburg and Koomatipoort. The
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Publishing Company.
Vjr . ¦ u
BRITISH FLAG FLIES OVER PRETORIA
AND THE BOER WAR SAID TO BE OVER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI4L, THURSDAY, MAY 31. 1900.
Says the Shooting Was Done in
Self-Defense.
.^Special Dispatch to The Call.
\ NAPA, May 30,— Frank Matthai. who
killed GeorgcC. Stanley In Chiles Valley,
this county, Tuesday morning, was lodged
in the Napa jail last niihr after 8 o'clock
.by Under Sheriff Daly of this city and
Deputy Sheriff Glbbs of Tountville.
. Matthai " claims that he; refrained from
shooting until Stanley began to get the
advantage, of him In the tussle for pos
session of the shotgun, and he feared for
his, life, so he drew Ills revolver and
tired. ,
His only regret s^ms to be at the Bor
row and trouble It \vm cause his mother
and sisters, who reside in San Francisco.
Matthai's sisters and an attorney from
the metropolis visited the prisoner to
day, and there was a long conference held
between them in the Sheriff's private of
fice." The sisters were very much affected,
and as. Sheriff Dunlap took their brother
, back to -his cell : in . the County Jail,' they
gave * expressions of encouragement and
Frank Matthai in Napa County Jail
SLAYER OF STANLEY
IS UNDER ARREST
LIVES LOST BY A
LANDSLIDE IN INDIA
Portion of the Embankment of ths
Sabermutte Collapses, Carrying
Thirty to Death.
AHMEDABAD, India, May 30.— A por
tion of the embankment, of the Saber
mutte River, on which Ahmedabad is sit
uated, caved in to-day while ijiany men.
women and children were washing cloth
ing in the river. Thirty lives were lost.
Killed by a Train.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SUISUN, May '30.— Frank Frates of
Vacavllle was killed near. here to-day by
the overland train. He had been out
driving, and while crossing the track his
horse was struck by the locomotive and
man, horse and wagon hurled a distance
nf forty feet. Frates was so badly in
jured that he died in a few minutes. The
horse was instantly killed and . the buggy
wrecked. The victim of the accident was
but 18 years of. age and a son of Frank
Frates of Capay. Yolo County.'
¦¦ . m
Death of a Pioneer.
SALINAS. May 30.— Onie Lagrange. one
of the oldest residents of this county as
well as the earliest pioneer of the State,
is dead at his home in this city. "Onle
Lagrange was a native of Canada and
was born In 1S15. He was prominently
known in San Francisco and Los Angeles.
Th© Interment will take place in this
city Friday.
the surrounding country, news Is con
stantly arriving of fresh atrocities com
mitted by the "Boxers." Three Christian
families were massacred at Shan Lai
Ylng, sixty miles from Peking, on Friday,
May 25. Only two persons escaped.
A representative of the Associated PreS3
visited Fang Tal yesterday morning and
found the place occupied by a battalion
of troops. The whole railroad station,
workshops and locomotive sheds were
gutted and much rolling stock was de
stroyed, including the Imperial Palace Car
Company. The godowns (Chinese ware
houses), full of valuable merchandise,
were burned after having been looted by
the rioters. The damage Is estimated at
half a million taels.
The. neighboring villagers seem to have
Joined in the attack, showing that the
movement Is not confined to the "Boxera."
Eight rioters who were captured will be
decapitated. Riding through the s<iuth
gate of Peking, the correspondent found
the road inside the walls lined with troops
who greeted the traveler- and his party
with a fusUlade of stqnes.
Some Heavy Fighting.
LONDON. May 31.— The Daily Mail has
received- the following . from Tientsin,
dated May 30: "Heavy lighting has taken
place between the imperial troops and the
Boxers at Lai-Shin-Hi-Slen. but the re
sult is not known here. Railway traffic at
Peking has been resumed. The foreign
settlement here is sufficiently protected by
the American and Japanese troops, which
have been landed. Consequently, the ex
citement has abated."
A special dispatch from Shanghai, dated
to-day, says: "Yesterday the Chinese
Government issued an edict prohibiting
the Boxer organizations, under penalty
of death. The edict, which was signed by
the Emperor, was concluded in equivocal
terms and was promulgated more as an
excuse than in condemnation of the.
movement. 3
More of an Excuse.
WASHINGTON, May 30.— The supposi
tion here is that the edict referred to was
Issued as a result of the pressure of the
foreign legations at Peking. The dis
patches from China heretofore have
stated that the diplomatic corps had de
cided to ask the Chinese Foreign Office to
define explicitly the measures the Govern
ment Intended to take in dealing with the
Boxers, and yesterday's edict prohibiting
the organization under penalty of death
i3, in all probability, the response to the
representations made. That the document
is couched In equivocal terms is not sur
prising to officials here who are acquaint
ed with conditions in China. The Empress
beloncs to what is known as the \"re-
sympathy to bear up bravely under the
trying ordeal that Alatthai must now
surely pass through. What line of de
fense he will make has not been- decided
upon as yet.
"BOXER" ATROCITIES CONTINUED
AND FOREIGN TROOPS LANDED
actlonary party" In Chinese politics, and
the Emperor being under her influence.
It is not surprising that the edict is more
of an excuse for the movement than a
condemnation of it. .
Germans Not Attacked.
BERLIN, May 30.— Regarding the disor
ders fomented by the Boxers, a high offi
cial of the German Foreign Office said to
day:
•^.German citizens have not yet been at
tacked. Germany, therefore, has been
following the lead of France In diplomatic
action, her citizens being more immedi
ately affected. The case will be otherwise
ir the German legation at Peking is at
tacked.'.'.
When asked if It were true that 100
German marines had joined 100 French
marines for the rescue of the imperial
Belerians. the official replied:
"There have been no calls for marines.
It must have been the civilian Germans
acting upon their own responsibility. The
Foreign Office attributes the trouble In
China to the hostile^attltudc of the pres
ent Chinese government toward foreign
ers."
! f-r->IENTSIN, May 30.— American, Brlt-
I lsh. Japanese, German, Italian, Rus-
I Blan and French troops to the num-
I ber cf 100 each have been ordered to
•*- g^iard their respective legations at
Peking, but the Viceroy here will not al
low them to proceed hence to Peking on
the railway without the authority of the
Tsung-11-Yaroen. One hundred and eight
Americans, with a machine-gun and a
field gun, landed here last night, amidst
great enthusiasm on the part of the resid
ents. Five Russian and one British war
ship have arrived at Taku and the British
are now landing. Other warships are
hourly expected.
Russian Troops Can't Pass.
TIENTSIN. Thursday. May 31.— The
Chinese refuse to allow Russian troops to
pass the Taku forts.
The rescue party of Frenchmen and
Germans returned from Changhsintlen
yesterday afternoon. They confirm the
report that the besieged Belgians are now
sate at Peking. They found several thou
sand B*xers about the ruins of L»u-KoChiao
and Changhsintlen stations. The bridges
have been tiaraased and the rolling stock
destroyed. At boih places the damage
done fs considerably treater than at
Fangtl. The members of the rescue party
saw several bodies of Chinese tearing up
the sleepers, and In one case a mandarin
was looking on. They further assert that
the missionaries and others escaped 'from
Paotlng in boats.
The imperial Hallway Directory is en
deavoring to fasten the blame for the
damage at Fang-Tai on the foreign em
ployes, principally the British, whom, they
say. should not have left their posts. The
foreigners, however, did not leave until
thev saw Lu-Ko Chlao Station, five miles
away in flames, and an attack had actu
ally been made on an engine, from Fang-
Tal which was running on the Lu-Han
line" In an attempt to rescue the Belgians.
The foreign men-of-war have arrived
to-day. Five Russian warships and
two Russian gunboats, one French war
ship two British warships and one Italian
warship are all landing men.
Fresh Atrocities Committed.
SHANGHAI. May 30.— The British war
shirs Orlando and Algerine are landing
100 -A en at Taku, where the French. Rus
sia" and Japanese guards have already
disembarked. The vBoxers" are apparent
lv without arms escept those they have
o'btalned from -the soldiery, many of
whom are openly Joining the rebels.
PEKING. M*-v 30.— From all parts ol
* The Jury In the recent law suit unanimously
agreed upon the verdict, sealed It and went
home to bed. After sleeping over It they.dis
agreed the next morning. This shows tMe
power of sleep to strengthen the human mind.
Those I who - are troubled with insomnia should
try Hos tetter's Stomach Bitters. It puts the
stomach in good condition and Induces sweet,
sound , sleep. ¦. It is the best of remedies -• for
kidney, liver and blood disorders. ,
Sleep Changes the Verdict.
3
-M\ \\l m WJr-^ ns^ trouble: too
= y\V^/y r*Q?\S f rec * uent desire to
-r * r Q^^T*-»-»-**'^ P a ss tt or pain in
"""*"" the back is also
convincing proof that the kidneys and blad-
der are out of order.
'* V What to So.
There Is comfort in the knowledgs so
often expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, the great kidney remedy fulfills every
wish in curing rheumatism, pain in tha
back, k!dneys, liver, bladder and every part
of the urinary passage. It corrects inability
to hold water and scalding pain in passing
it, or bad effects following use of liquor,
win; or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go cften
during the day. and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the extra-
ordinary effect of Swamp- Root is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its wen-
dsrful cures of the most distressing cases.
If you need a medicine you should have the
best. Sold by druggists in 50c. and$l. si;es.
You may have a sample bottle of this
wonderful discovery f^^?T-, _
and a book, that tells fiHUbsSsMs Si2i5*a
more about it. both sent fSg^Sa
absolutely free by mail.
Address Dr. Kilmer & Horn* of Swamp-Eoot
Co., Binghamton. N. Y. When writing men-
tion reading this generous offer in this paper.
How To Find Out.
Fill a bottle or common glass with yotn
water and let it stand twenty-four hours; a
. . r-r j r . sediment or set-
}%j\l\ r^yZJk t!in g indicates an
•y^Sn f^> •fe&TTol unhealt hy condl-
W\'\ H^ssS^iY/ tton c f the kid-
WA k£jrtp7 i i v ne y s: lf lt stains
TJ?" VltlP 5^^^*^ ) y° u r linen it Is
Thousands Hare Kidney Trouble
and Don't Know it.
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-EOOT*
ADVEBTISE1SIENTS.
\; -\ f If ¦ UV -
#- ; DFEgOlSS
fi%A HBOWS
fj^ .^ it is me
pest.
"Aft-r having a mishap, I suffered
with pain in nv left side and a lingering
cough which worse and worse,"
writes I.Irs.: Cora Brooks, of Slartin,
l : rauklin Connty, Georgia. " Last
. spring I got p?st rlcing anything and- my
: husband went, to the drug store and
called for Wine of G- — , and the mer-
chant recommended JDr. Pierce's Favor-
ite I»rescrip'Jon, so he boujht one bottle.
I begnn la take it as directed in the
pamphlet wrapped around the bottle.
The tjook said if the disease was compli-
cated with co-.igh to take Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery and 'Favor-
ite Prescription* alternately, and Dr.
Pierce's Pleasant Pellets, on rising every
morr.injr. Mr. Brooks went back to the
drag store and £ot the ' Golden Medical
• Discovery, 1 and I took it as directed.
The cough left me at once and I began
i to get better so rapidly my husband was
\ astonished at my improvement. I am
now able to work on the farm and also
do Uie washing for two familes."
11 pHinniiiH OME people always prefer to wear -3
g| /^^^ custom-made clothes. We always |j
II %tmi?| leave this selection to our customers |!
||! — thev order what they please, as ;3
|U lliuiuiwiii!. they1<now full well that they will g
H get satisfaction either way at our hands. ||
H • We would suggest, though, that they take m
W advanfage of our $13 fjo sale of sacks and cut- ji
f| aways, made to measure from any of these Sj
H fashionable cloths : yj
I b!ack r cheviot indigo blue serge |j
1 blue cheviot new light blue serge |j
I and clay worsted §
II These will make up into neat, dressy g
|f clothes, and every one is a $20.00 value, which !rf
If fact we are perfectly willing to prove by giv- |||
H ing samples of cloth for comparison and guar- ||
[§| anteeing the suits when they are made up, and ||
|i our guarantee means something. H
III Money returned if you want it; or f.j
H Clothes kept In repair free for one year. g|
111 Out-of-town orders filled— perfect fit assured through our self- 13
Km! measuring system — writt ftr azmpltt. *3
i§ 718 Market St. and Cop. Powell and Eddy. &3
ffgg^ JsSaCut With a Dagger.
Filo Gordenez and Joe Bonercuello got
into an altercation last night with Theo
dore 1 Mender.; alias "the. shadow," at 19
Hlnckley place, and 1 bothiwere cut about
the face and neck with a dagger by Men
dez. They were troated at the Harbor
Hospital. Mendez escaped.
The exercises were held under the aus
pices of the Association of Veteran Fire
men and the Exempt Firemen. Chief Sul
livan took charge and introduced the
speakers. Captains Sam McDowell, vice
president -of the association, spoke first,
taking the organizations of firemen for his
subject. \ He told of the work they were
doing, of the bonds between the men
they tightened and of the memories they
keep alive. There was a brotherhood,
natural and not to be suppressed, among
all firemen, and in standing so well to
gether and for each other they showed a
characteristic common to the brave.
Captain McDowell was followed by Rob
ert Ferral, who spoke of the day Itself
and of the wealth of meaning It brought
to all who gave a thought to its origin
or purpose. •
Starting at first, he said, as a day when
the loyal living could honor ¦ the loyal
dead. Memorial day had become one on
which all who have laid a loved one away
could join in the great bond which sorrow
weaves. It has made friends of foes for
in, the 'leveling . realm • of death all are
equal and all share in the tribute of the
day. It Is characteristic of this republic
he continued; that it should be the only
firemen paid their tribute to the
dead in their plat In Laurel Hill
II Cemetery. There was no band, but
the west wind brought faint music
from those playing in the National Ceme
tery. There was no military display, but
the midday salute and the minute guns
at the Presidio threw their martial fervor
over the hills to the firemen's plat, the
sound falling softly from the distance.
But there were flowers and sorrow, and
gray heads to bow In sympathy with the
words of the speakers.
There are many graves In the firemen's
plat, for It has been gathering the dead
since 1S54. There are many long for
gotten by the world who have been sleep
ing for almost half a century; but they
were not forgotten yesterday, and when
the simple exercises were over Mowers
showed at the foqt of every, headstone.
In the center of the plat rises the monu
ment erected to the memory of Chief
Scannell by the men who served under
him, and high up on the shaft was hung
a wreath of white and red and green. It
was at the foot of this monument that the
exercises were held. The speakers deliv
ered their addresses f rom the lawn over
the old chief's final resting place, and the
people gathered around on the walks and
on the grass. There was no pomp or
Simple Exercises Held in
Their Plat in Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
FIREMEN JOIN .
IN TRIBUTE TO /
THEIR DEPARTED
In the evening additional exercises were
held at Metropolitan Temple. The hall
was crowded with a patriotic audience
which showed enthusiasm every time the
name of, some great American was men
tioned or a worthy deed was extolled by
a speaker. An excellent band discoursed
national airs and the music aroused the
audience to a high pitch of patriotism.
Rev. A. Drahms delivered the invocation
at the outset of the exercises, after which
the chairman of the evening,' General Kd
ward S, Salomon, past department com
mander of the Grand Army of the Re
public, made some introductory remarks.
He appealed to the people to Join the or
gnnizatlon In a proper observation of the
day. He read the original order made by
General John A. Logan, as commander of
the G. A. R., which brought about the
beautiful custom of decking the graves of
departed soldiers with spring flowers. He
stated that a German soldier was the or
iginator of the idea. In a letter to-Gen
eral Chlpman, the soldier called attention
to the beautiful custom which existed in
his country of decorating the resting place
of men who died in defense of their coun
try, and suggested that the men who laid
down their lives in defense of the stars
and stripes should not be forgotten in
death. Ooneral Chipman forwarded the
letter to General Logan, and the latter
was so Impressed with the Idea that he
forthwith issued the order which has re
sulted In the observance of the beautiful
custom. . __ T
The chairman introduced Hon. James
D. Phelan to the audience. The Mayor
delivered a pleasing, address, which was
filled with patriotic fire and which was
highly appreciated by the audience. He
was Interrupted throughout by loud ap
plause. The :, Plymouth quartet followed
with an appropriate song.: The oration
was delivered by Hon. Frank McGownn.
It was carefully prepared. Instructive
and breathed patriotism in every line.
Mrs. T. C- Mastellar sang a song; Mrs.
Nellie : Holbrook BHnn recited : . M. J. Orr
played a cornet solo: F, Cook Cnldwell
also delivered a recitation; the Plymouth
quartet rendered another song. The au
dience, led. by Mrs. T. •' O. Mastellar." sang
"America," and the entertainment con
cluded with "taps," which was blown by
M. J. Orr.
Evening Exercises.
The Plymouth Quartet rendered another
selection and then a firing squad from Lin
coln I'ost iired three volleys over the
graves of the departed heroes. As the
echo of the last volley died away in the
distance a United States army bugler
played "Taps," the soldiers' good night,
and the exercises were concluded.
billows of the ocean roll! Thou shalt wave
on high, old Klory. in all thy brilliant, sym
bolic splendor, and whatever betide the
world Ihou shalt never, thou shalt never go
down !
Ttnth race, for married men of the office— G.
Backett won. M. Cleaves second, G. Strong
third. J. Locke fourth.'
Eleventh race, for wives of employes — Mrs.
Betz won. Mrs. Souther second. Mrs. Locke
third, Mrs. Cleaves fourth.
Twelfth, three-lepKed roce— Guy and Foley
won. Maxulre and Xlcol second. ,
Ninth race, for ainsle men of the office — Mr.
Fuller won. E. Masnln second. T. J. Horan
third, H. Cahalan fourth.
Eighth race, for married ladies— Mrs. McCul
loush won, Mrs. Conmary second. Mrs. Stone
third. .
Fourth race, for slrls under IS years— Ada
Jobson won. Gertrude Hardy second. Clara
Game third. Hazel ltlackwell fourth.
Fifth race, for young men— I'. Youn« won.
W. Jacobs second. T. Foley third. -
Sixth race, for young ladies— Mabel Jones
won, May Metzner second. Helen Burr third.
Seventh race, for married msn-W. O" Brten
won. S. Voorhles second. F. Lansln* third.
Third race, for boya under 15 years-George
Glbbs won. R. Thomas second, F. Laskty third
J. Doody fourth.
The seventh annual outing of the em
ployes of the Southern Pacific Railroad's
local freight office took place at Fairfax
Park In Marln County yesterday. Over
four thousand people gathered In the
park and enjoyed the beautiful day.
Dancing and games were engaged in by
the multitude and the railroad men proved
that they knew how to enjoy themselves
when the occasion offered. The commit
tees in charge of the entertainment were:
Arrangements— S. R. Chappel (honorary chair
man). W. J. Brady (chairman), L. E. Myers
W. T. Perkins, G. J. Strong. A. w. Marshal"
William E. Tracy, A. J. Kasten. John Edwards
H. T. Cripps. R. V. McAllister. C. A. Muller'
L. H. Fortune (manager of affairs)
Reception— W. J. Murray (chairman), C L.
H-rbst. R. H. Abbott. F. G. Law. J. c. kia
delon. R. F. Thompson. E. D. Carpent-r Con
Cullen. Q. G. Brown. C. A. Jackson. C D 'rjun
£*¦"•_£• N- m MerRulre. c . H Wlltnent H B
Partridge. M. A. Gardner. H. J. Seiner A W
Chalker. J. M. Downey, E. J. Root
Games-A. E. Plnchlny (chairman). H." A. Ca
halan, T. J. Horan, G. W. Dean. L. R Tucker
R. B. Cameron. J. W. Souther. W. L. Frier'
C. F. Arnold. *
Floor- D. T. Berry, floor manager; F. S.
Burkhart, assistant floor manager.
The races were twelve in number and
were won by the following contestants:
First race, for beys under 10 years— Lea Hardy
won. Harold Worth second, Leo Ca?tin third
William Eeler fourth. , ra#
Second race, for trlrls tinder 10 years— Alice
a J, a K 'ST.* v H 2 nna> . ale second . Ruth GrJftlth
third, Edith Root fourth.
RAILROAD MEN ENJOY
AN OUTING AT FAIRFAX
Ignatius College, was celebrant of the
mass. Rev. Richard Bell, S. J., was dea
con; Rev. Charles Carroll, S. J., subdea
con, and Rev. M. C. Culllgan, S. J., mas
ter of ceremonies. A special sermon was
preached by Rev. Father Riordan, S. J.,
of Santa Clara College. His subject was
the motto of the institute, "Pro Deo et
Paitrla"— For God and Fatherland. Spe
cial music was rendered by Dr. Maurice
O'Connell, the organist of the church.
m
It took twenty-six cars of the narrow-,
gauge line yesterday to convey to Glen
wood Park. In the Santa Cruz Mountains;;
the two thousand excursionists who at- :
tended the picnic given under the auspices: .
of the local lodges of the Knights or
Honor. The crowd was jolly and nappy
and the entertainment, games and danc-.
ing were carried on according to tne pro
gramme. , .
After the distribution of the pate prizes
there was an address of welcome by Ben
I. Salomon, assistant grand dictator;
James E Donohue favored wtth com
posing songs;" the Bennett Sisters ap
peared in a cakewalk; Professor Rocks
bery presented "original pantomime
scenes * little Ethel yn Cramer sang Ju
venile songs. Miss Settle .Caisins and
Harry NMcmann appeared In a sketch en
titled "Master and Pupil:" Master Martin
Krellng gave original ragtime melojies
and Charles Orr amused the audience with
funnyisms. in*.
William H. Barnes, pnst grind dictator,
also delivered a short address on the bene
fits of the Knights of Honor and fraternal
Srlanizatlons lenerally. State Secretary
C F Curry, supreme representative o t
the Knleht«t of Honor, sent a telegram
from Saframento regretting his inability
tO The P fXwVn« was the result or the
1 games and contests:
Race for boys under 12— George Johnston wnn;
D^lri Caffian. second; Walter Johnston.
th Ra^e for rlrls under 12-Alma Warnholf won;
Fthel Cramer second; Ifermltie M.in«rel.«. third.
K«re. for^boya W to 1«-M. KllinK won. Clar
-n^e nnVrinl second- Theodore IlaUir.irer. third.
Taw llSlJtu Ift-Loureta Archibald
w Si*Dalsey Daniels, .econd; Irene Adam..
th v r n d ui« men's race— O. T. Shaw won: E. W.
iiX -e^ond: Thomas Flaherty third.
vi,m* MdleV race— Miss J. C. Thomas won;
Miss R* Pet'te, second; Miss Lena Haushalter.
th Knirhtw of Honor race— F. F. Wedektnd won:
c£?,i5 1 Thomas second: Thomas Nevin. third-.
Race tor members' wiv^-Mrs. W P. Arch-
IWdVon: Mr.. H. O. Witt, second; Mrs. J. ..
S. Webster won; E. W. .
re ***°"r d . . H. ManJen. third.
rkf" m?ns race-Merer Conn won: C. B. .
•n- 2ektnd "econd: William Carl, third.
i^Ldie/«ce-Mr*. Pora Cltffori won: Mrs/
i K f Johnson second: Mrs. 1^ Marden. third. .
J -M?rr1ed ladle,- race-Mrs. .H O. Witt won; ..
Mrs M Wallendorft. eecond: Mrs. W. P. .
A M«&?rt t oV r ic. for boys-Cart Noble won;- '\
Walter Johnston, second; Wi Little, third.
Ster.dlrs broad iumi>— A. II. Martin won; J.
J ""stern. »econ>1: J. Komer. third.
"stawilnit high Jumj>— Dan- Farquar won; J. .-;..
Magulrf. second; Thomas Aiken, third.
The outing was under the direction of
the several committees, mado up of rep
resentatives from the various lodges, of
which the following were the officers:
Ben I. Salomon. Charles H. Holcomb,
Thomas Learned. Edward T. Minnehan,
F. A. Jennings. Fred Rabe. C. R Wede- \
kind. Dr. W. Z. King. James J. Maher. j
William P. Archibald. James A. Johnston. A
G. A. Falsom. William J. LanwtafT, '-¦
Thomas Martin. Charles Lampe. Thomas .
lilllinsslea. BSB - '•
AN ENJOYAP 1 E OUTING
OF THE KNIGHTS OF HONOR
Events of the Grand Army's Observance of Memorial Day.
"Tls thus that we old veterans, stooped and
*rray.
Iv-mk bark through forty years of space.
And mu«ing o'er our soldier life, survey
The martial scenes which then took 1'lace.
The ghastly i-iphts. the labir and the toil,
The weary marrh. the vigils long.
The charge, the rush, the noise of war s tur
moil.
Are scenes that in our memories throng.
They rise before us like a far-off dream.
That erstwhile fiiW our mind? with awe.
And through the tempering mist of years,
they seem
To slowly fade by Nature's law.
They fa.Je like distant objects on a plain.
When sunset robs the day of lipht.
And all their shapes full slowly change and
wane.
Rut leave the outline still in light.
Hut. though those scenes have lost their rugged
hue.
And dancers past have lost their dread,
Tl.e UPK of time can never cloud the view.
That brings to mind our honored dead.
They strove beside us in those trying years.
They marched in danger by our side.
They shared our soldier hopes and fears.
Our" boon ccmjonlons true and tried.
They form a halo rcund thn«e fading scenes.
That grows in brightness year by yar.
As one by one the Reaper with his sickle,
gleans,
A comrade from our straggling rear.
Rest, comrades', take a long parade-at-rest.
Your arms are stacked, your duty done,
ThouKh drad, your comrades place above your
brea?t
The baflpe that you fo dearly won.
Scatter spring flowers above their renting place.
Hreathe blessings o'er their hallowed shrine,
And let our souls commune a little space.
With comrade friends of auld lang syne.
In his concluding: lines the poet said:
And Ift our souls commune a little space.
With friends of nuld lang syne.
AS he repeated the last line the band
struck up the familiar Scottish air. mak
ine a fitting climax to the poem.
Fl'-nry C. Dibble, past senior vice de
partment commnnfler. was introduced as
orator of the day and delivered an elo
quent oration. He said in part:
Judge Dibble's Oration.
Mr. President. Comrades and Citizens:
Nearly a generation of human life has
pa-s»d since Memorial day was established
by the Grand Army of the Republic. This
is* the thirty-second anniversary, the thirty
third celebration of what has come to be
a national festival of loyalty. The direction
of the celebration Is still In the hands of
our great civlc-mllltsry order, and the place
of honor in the military pageant Is still uni
versally accorded to the veterans of the
army of the t'nlon; yet Memorial day will
purvlve and will be observed by the patri
otic citizens and loyal solfllers of the re
public long. Ions after the last comrade of
the. Grand Army has been mustered out.
In this bivouac cf the ]o.yal dead where
we Ftai.d to-day, as In other national ceme
teries throughout the land, there now He
tide by side with those who wore the blue
In that rldor war for the Union and for lib
erty the dead soldiers of a new generation
who in these inter years bore, arms to up
hold the majerty of the republic and the
honor of the flag. Among the loyal dead of
thin younger generation there lie many whose
fathers wore the gray durinc the war be
tween the North and the South. In our
symlKillc memorial ceremonies we of the
Grand Army place garlands upon their
graves as well as uj>on those of our own
comrade*. So, through th* year* and gen
erations to come. Memorial day will ever
bf "observed in commemoration of that pas
sionate eentlment of dr-votlon to the flag
which Inspired the heroic volunteers j of
Shcrldan'e division who at Chattanooga,
under the eyes of Grant and Thomas, and
yet without orders, carried Old Glory up
Missionary Rl<J»te. and that filled the breasts
of the younrer generation of soldiers, heroes
of the Spanish war, who wrre with Shatter
in the dramatic and tragic engagements at
San Juan and El Caney.
Changes in the Country.
What marvelous changes have taken place
in our beloved country during the five and
thirty years that have passed since the
diebandment of the two mltrhty volunteer
armleE which met In deadly conflict In the.
<"ivli War. The sons of the South folded
their banner, which had gone down In de
feat, but without dishonor, and addressed
thempelves with such lights as they had to
the rehabilitation of their desolated States.
Negro ulavery. which precipitated the war,
had been swept away. The theory of State
rights, of Htate sovereignty— the antithesis
of the national Idea— had been submitted to
the arbltrlment of war and had been re
jected. It would have been beyond human
nature if there had not been heartburning*
and poignant regrets over lost hopes and
lost ambitions. But when a noted Senator
ln| Congress said the other day that not 5
p»>r cent of the people of the Bouth regretted
the war for the destruction of the Union and
implied that the South would even now re
store the old order he misrepresented the
lieople /or whom he claims to si-eak. There
are race problems and consequent political
j.rob1«-m* In the South y«-t to be solved—
problems which will ultimately yield to the
behests of an awakm^d national conscience"
I5ut slavery and secession «re now, thank
God. dead. The nation Is established aa
upon a rock of aflamant. The South Is
lightene-l than before the overthrow of the
rebellion, and the sons of the South are
now loyal to the flag. Wheeler, who was
one of the Idols of the Confederacy, struck
hands In the Spanish war' with our illus
1 trlous eonira<3e, the heroic I. a-.* ton.
TJnltsd States a Power.
Then what shall be said of the unparal
leled prosress of the republic as a whole
Fim-e the death of the martyred Lincoln,
»hoFe Mood became the sred of the nation?
From a mere expe riment in the New World
in the field of democracy, according to the
coocejitir-n of the i>jtentates and of many
etatf-sm-jn of monarchical Europe, the re.
public of the United States has become. In
these five and thirty years, one of the first
powers on earth in all that makes for na-
. Yes, my comrades, my countrymen, this
Is a nation: a nation conscious of Its 'own
of Its destiny: a nation without fear and
without reproach; a nation with the
moral courage of it» convictions; a -nation
that will henceforth live through ages for
the betterment of mankind: a nation whose
emblem Is yonder star-spangled banner that
floats now and for aye. from the frost-bound
lakes of the north to the sun-kissed shores
of the xirif:- from -the' storm-beaten line of
the Atlantic to the golden shores of the Pa
cific, and over our .new possessions in the
Antilles and in the Islands of the western
ocean. Symbol of the power and majesty
of the republic. Symbol of patriotic, loyal,
heroic devotion to the living nation. ¦ Sym
bol of universal freedom.- Symbol of the up
llftlns of humanity. Dear, inexpressibly
dear to-our heart*! Bnautlful, ¦ transcend
antly . beautiful to our eyes! Thou shalt
wave and wave, ob. flag of tha free, as long;
as the flowers of the earth bloom and the
It Is not too much to say that owing to the
far reaching Influence of the Grand Army of
the Republic more than to anything el«ie the
flue is now "universally revered, and there Is
no lonter any question In the land either In
the North or South that the American peo
ple now constitute ¦ nation. •
The object of the Grand Army In Its rela
tion to civil life, and aside from its frater
nal association and charitable work, was
to organize the victory which had been won
on the field of battle. The post rooms be
came rchools of loyalty, where reverence for
the flag as the symbol of the nation has
bcH-n persistently Inculcated and where the
national idea has been constantly exalted.
Then came the work In the ichools of which
mention ha« lw n made and whereof all the
Object of the Grand Army.
The Grand Army as a civic body, retaining
the forms only of a military organization,
1? without a parallel among the great asso
ciations of the world. Other bodies, whether
constituted for educational, for rflitrlous,
for charttnble or for fraternal purposes,
have corporate perpetuity nnd succession.
The Grand Army ha» a self-limited life.
Onjy those, have been permitted to become
members who served In the Union army or
navy. With them the order die*. Vet, what
a glorious, what an immortal history.
The upsprlnging of the nation !« the piv
otal historic fact of the heroic period with
which the members of the Grand Army have
been identified. The struggle over slavery
wan incidental, though historically inevit
able, perhaps, whra considered with regard
to the contending types of civilization. But
the fundamental issue which was submitted
to the gauge of battlp was the issue be
tween the national Idea and the doctrine of
local supremacy and soverelEnty. The na
tional idea prevailed. The nation was fruc
tified by the blood of the roartyred Lincoln.
The mighty volunteer army which ht-: had
called Into existence, though flushed with
victory and led by the greatest general of
modern tim^s. wa« dissolved In a day. as It
were, to reappear In the clvlc-nillltary body
known as the Grand Army of the Re
public.
The manner in which Memorial day was
celebrated a year ngo and again to-day, here
and throughout the land, shows that the
veterans of the wcr for the Union still hold
the affections of the people, and that the
Grand Army of the Republic is still a llv
ine force in the land.
When the late Sjianish war came so unex
pectedly and the' military spirit of the new
generation was suddenly arv.used it was
thought and said that the veterans of the
war for the Union would be relegated to the
rear and soon fonrotten; that new ideas,
new Eentlment would pres=s to the fore; that
new heroes would find public favor. This
did occur to some t-xtent. but not as pre
dicted and' not as might have been ex
pected. The fact that the representative
veterans of the Civi! war were not forgot
ten', but bore a conspicuous part in the
new conflict, although a full generation had
passed since the rebellion, was owing to the
maintenance and persistent influence of the
Grand Army. It will not be overlooked that
the chief magistrate of the nation, the com
manding general of the army, the S<H-retary
of War. the naval commander of the Asiatic
Fquadron who was to win world-wide re
nown and the major general selected to com
mand the army of invasion in Cuba and
whose fortune it was to win a signal victory
there, were all comrades of the order. Not
only this, but divisions, brigades and regi
ments were commanded by men who served
with Grant and Sherman and Sheridan.
Veterans Not Forgotten.
tlonal wealth, for national prcw-PFS, for na
tional eramleur, for national glory.
It is a rP-rt of the history of our country
of this iTiod that the Grand Army has
l>pen eloaely Identified with the marvelous
growth and advancement of the republic.
Every chief magistrate since the organization
of the Grand Army four and thirty years
ajjo. except one, has been a member of the
order. Kvery commantler of the army,
every ranking admiral of the navy and
many of the leadlnR statesmen of the land
have been comrades In pood standing. But
more than this, the Grand Army has been
the radiating center at all times of the most
ardent sentiment of loyalty to the flag. It
has been the Influence of the Grand Army
beyond all else that has led to the persist
ent and universal inculcation of pontlments
of patriotism and loyalty In the public
schools.
ing and visiting the cemeteries, -where the
members of the organization lie buned
and covering their graves with flowers.
The scene in the cathedral was highly Im
pressive. Xeajrly a thousand young sol
diers knelt in prayer and above the mur
murings that filled the sacred edifice
could be heard the clanking of aabers. It
was the first time In the history of tha
regiment that Memorial day was observed
with such solemnity by its members. .. In
the past the organization had joined with
other civic and military bodies in the ob
servance of the day, but . the faxt that
several of the members of the league hail
died In the Philippines while de.f ending
their country's ting caused the officers to
decide on a separate celebration. : .
In obedience to orders the cadets assem-.
bled on Van Ness avenue and when all
the companies were marshaled, the. com-
mand moved toward the cathedral.. The
main floor of the church was reserved for
them. The galleries were filled 10 over
sowing and downstairs every available'
inch of standing room was utilized by de-
vout Catholics. ~ ¦ ..;
The requiem mas3 was solemn and Im
pressive. Rev. Father O'Malley. a broth
er of the brave young durgeon of that
name who died at the Presiaio. was cele-:'
brant of the mass. Rev. Charles Kamm
was deacon and Kev. Donald McKinnon
subdeacon. Kev. Father O'Ryan. spirit
ual director of the organization, was
master of ceremonies and also preached
the sermon. Special mu>jc was rendered'
by a choir composed entirely of carteta.
under the direction of Robert J. Harrison,
the organist. Their viAces sounded
sweetly In the difficult sacrtSd pieces thej
rendered.
In his sermon Father O'Rjvan dwelt or !
the observance xf the day. "\t is a beau
tiful sentiment, sXd he, "by which men
cultivate the mer/orN of the heroic dead.
It shows our grailtude for what they have
done for us, an/ our hope and confidence
that they hav» not passed away totally.
It Is fitting t/at one day should be stt
aside for thos£ who made the sacrifice af
their lives tot their country. ¦ - .
"But thero is a greater struggle, a
greater sacrifice than fighting and dj'lng.
for our country. It la living for our coun
try—pro patria. Those who have lived ami
are living pure lives, they, too, are
worthy of remembrance. There are ene
mies more dangerous to - a nation than
those who rise up with sword in hand.
Certain vices and evils attack the 1 very
heart and vitals of our land and those
who strike at the roots of these evils*
benefit the country and are worthy of
honor.
"The League of the Cross waa organ
ized to oppose one of the greatest evtla
In the State— the use of strong drink— and
our purpose Is therefore not only spirit
ual and moral— It is patriotic. Brethren,
through the League of the Cross we axe
doing a great deal of pro patria, :^-'i"
"It is, therefore, fitting that we should
meet to-day In prayer for the souls of our
departed friends and comrades, who have
fought, as we are fighting, for our coun
try. And we should carry away the re
membrance that some day we. too. will be
with them and will be prayed for by the
League of the Cross Cadets on another
Memorial day." . .
At the conclusion of the- cervices the
rc-lment was reviewed on Van Ness ave
nue. The street was lined with people
and favorable comments on the appear
ance of»the young soldiers were heard on
every slae. The companies were dismissed
for luncheon. In the afternoon two com
panies proceeded to Calvary Cemetery;
the two Oakland companies proceeded to
Mountain View Cemetery, located In their
city, and the remainder of the regiment
assembled at Holy Cross Cemetery
i lowers were strewn on the graves of
comrades and prayers were again offered
up for the repose of their soula.
Members of the League of
the Cross Observed Memo
rial Day.
THE League of the Cross Cadets fit
tingly observed Memorial day by
attending a solemn requiem mass at
St. Mary's Cathedral in the morn-
CADETS ATTEND
A REQUIEM MASS
AT CATHEDRAL
S LARGE number of members of the
Young Men's Institute attended the
//— — \\ solemn requiem mass held in St.
** Church yesterday morn
ing. Prayers were offered for the repose
of the souls of deceased members cf the
holding a memorial requiem, it being cus
tomary heretofore for the councils to act
independently. The church was therefore
crowded with members and friends of the
Or £ev. iZ Fa?her Frleden, president of St.
AT. ST. IGNATIUS
A REQUIEM MASS
WAS CELEBRATED
one on earth and the only one since the
evening and morninsr of the first day that
has set aside by law one day of the year
to be devoted to the memory of the de
parted. It was a d:iy that took from the
tear its bitterness, from the heart it<»
anguish, and left but the sorrow of the
parting and a memory of the one who
slept. *' I
Captain McDowell's was not a lonjr art
dross, but it carried the sentiment of the
occasion and it touched the hearts of
those who hoard It.
That was all there was to the exercises
except the decoration of the craves.
Every one helped in this and lonp after
it had been done the people still lingered
and came and went until the day had
closed. • -
THEIR GIFT, A FLOWER; THEIR TRIBUTE, MEMORY
ceremonies conducted by the Grand Anny
cf the Republic. The silent bivouac of
the dead was" converted into a veritable
flower garden. Fair hands strewed the
frraves of the departed heroes with beau
tiful and sweet smelling blossoms. Tears
were shed over the simple tablets which
Grand Army of the Repub
lic's Beautiful Tribute
to the Dead.
FUIXiT 15,000 pmp'.e assembled in the
National Cemetery at the Presidio
yesterday to decorate the graves of
the soldier dead and to witness the
SOLDIER HEROES
REMEMBERED BY
THEIR COMRADES
Parade of Grand
Army and Their
Exercises at the
Graves of Their
Honored Dead in
the National Cem
etery at the Pre
sidio.
Veterans in Line.
raarked the Fpots where loved ones were
buried. The air was filled with martial
music. The tramp of maichine soldiers,
¦ zlie[ loud booming of the minute guns, the
.rattling volleys oveT. the graves, the sweet
..and /¦ pashaic "Tans".— ajl attested that
Memorial day was being observed by pa
triotic ciliseriS. ¦ ' - . • '
' '.'An. Impressive ."parade alonp the leadinp
tijofough'fare s of the city Inaugurated the
liecoration day ceremonies. Promptly at
:10 o'clock the grrand marshal. Colonel
Charles ubxtoii;. gave Ule signal and the
prpceFsion; started on -its long journey to
the Presidio. Thousands of people bor
titred the line of marcli. There was no
c-heering, a.s the occasion Uld not admit of
demonstrative enthusiasm. Only admir
ing but scarcely audible comments wtre
made by the vast throngs as the mag
¦.innceiit yiifitant passed, in stattly ruagnii
lcence. .-¦¦"- ¦
V . A Brilliant Parade.
At the head of the parade was Captain
'Thomson and fourteen park polirenvn on
' horseback. Fmlowlns in their wake were
¦(.pr.tado.s band, Gruud Marshal lioxton.
CJiiarlts II lilinn, h;s chief of stalf. and
j. C. Currier, chief aiill Next came a
liurlibirol ¦ carriages: : containing the orator
and poet of the day and others prominent
in the (iay's.jjrogrammc. "
The Third ¦ Artillery band. V. S. A., led
¦tht- way for the attachment from the Pre
siiiio. "Following closely at the heels of
the regular infantry and cavalry w» re two
Latteries of -light artillery. The busintrss
4:K<' ii-jiuearanve «>1 the guns and the natty
trniTm aiw- at- the m--n «rbo»e duty it is to
luan .those terrible w« apons 01 warfare
taused much favorable comment, laen
jarae the sis-iral corps on prancing steeds
kmi j nrm edi : at t-ly l>onind them tne i-'irst
¦Ut-K.:si<-nt California Volunteers, led by its
iainousbajid. .The brave lads who sj well
u;')hvld- tfce . honor of their State in the
iMuiJppitiea presented a eplenoid ai»pear
' iir.ee •• There- were fully iVJ 1 ) men In line
iiiitl each wore on his tirtast evidence
t:;at lie had fmplk-a. gunpowder. . L.ieuten
,»nt 'Jolfiftt! Tom o'A'eii commanded the
r- < gimtnt. The band was attir<;-d in Kriaki,
bin the men were in blue. Behind the gal
lant l-lrst wore a dozen officers ut tne *_al
u.ornia Heavy Artillerj*-
About thirty j=ur»-burned and clear-eyed
Bailors from the I'niu-d States training
fctup Pcnsacola were next in line and
Liaitly iiiaue up for the absence of the
i\avji"l Militia, Two battalions of the Co
lumbia Park Boys' Club were next in [inc.
'Ate little fellows marched like veterans
arui me.de th»!r usual excellent appear
ance. Bennett'^ band played inspiring
music tor tne marching veterans. The
member* of the Grand Army of the Re
public won th«- sympathy of the beholders
Dv<ause of their age and intlrmltles. Oray-
Ivcaded rani wno fought in the rank* for
their country were aiJ<*l in their march
.by heavy canes. Seme bore flower? in
ineir hands and many carried the flag
Uiey. had fought for ko valiantly. The
ci-florp were draped In remembrance of de
parted comrades and other signs of
mourning were visible on the hats and
clothes of the marching men. In the line
were the Vet-tran Guard of California,
Associat-d Veterans of the Mexican War.
Huns <>f the American Revolution. Lincoln
1'ost Xo. 1, George H. Thomas Post No. 2,
James A. Garfieki Post No. 34, Colonel
• 'as? Post No. ¦ 4S, General George H.
Meade. Poet No."4S and liberty Post No.
133i of the Grand Army of the Republic.
Garrison No. .Mil. Regular Army and Navy
••.Union, was also represented in line.
-. The procession wended Itt way to the
'Presidio.' The veterans broke ranks at
iiorltVen Gate avenue and Jones street and
traveled the Intervening distance on the
<ars." .The parade did not arrive at the
outer of the military-post until near
ly 12: o'clock. The members of the Grand
Army of the Hcpubiic walled their coming
and "again took their position in line.
Within half a mile to the entrance of the
cemetery the troops were drawn up and
as the heroes' of the civil war marched
through the avenues of e words and bayo
nets they wtre saluted with military pre
ciFion. The veterans entered the Na
tional Cemetery keeping in step to the
soulful strains of a funeral dirge. They
took up positions close to the platform
and when the sound of the minute guns
had subsided the ceremonies of the day
l>epan. The band rendered "Nearer, My
God. to Thee" snd when the hymn was
finished Jeps<* n. Full< r. past department
commander of the Grand Army of the Re
public, addressed the lnrpe assemblage.
"Comrades a;i<* fri<rids." ho ?ald, "one
year has pMjgd away «=inc^ last we met
ar.i we are assembled Iuto again to do
honor to the memory of thos<» who offered
their lives in the preservation of their
country. Fifty thousand n<'\v grave? will
be covered w!th flowers to-day. Fifty
thousand of (,ur rnmrartfj have passed to
th«»tr eternal home and wo shall pee them
no more. Comrades, we are fast passing?
away. Soon Lhose who participated in
the preatost war *n the world's history
will pap? av;ay and it will remain to pa
triots and lover* of country to do us
honor. And well they may. I'nitod as
¦W are to-day tre stand before the world
as th<» rreatest ration on earth, our finer
at the top. and from Porto Rico to the
Atlantic, from the Philippines to the Pa
cific Coast; the. Ftars and stripe? are
f.Ttrr.ed there by the Mood of our herof-s
and held aloft by patriots. May the flat
nlvvayp wave and he who attempts to pull
: t down shoot him of! the *p«>t. Wo are
ratt:«'r»d here to honor our dead and we
will cover thorn over with beautiful flow
• r« and derk them with garlands. As
pr«*Fi<Vnt «f th« dav it is my duty to carry
out th* exercises planne-1." ¦; .-.
At the National Cemetery.^_
Exercises of the Day.
Tho pp^akpr then Introduced R» v . a.
Drnhme. department chaplain, who offf>r
ori an appropriate" prayer. This van fol
lotrod by n son* l>y tli*" Plymouth Quartet
Mrs. Nellie HoJIirook Hlirn thr-n recited
"LJncoln'fi AMto** at Gettysburg." Sh»
ni dfear and forcIUo in hrr rendition of
ib<> memorab!* yperch and v.-as warmly
applauded. After another Konp by the
qusrtPt Comrade John I.. Hoone rtad a
poem whi<-h hf dedicated to the Oranrt
Army of :ho Republic. It was entitled
"Th* Veterans' Retrospect" and Is as fol.
iovrm: IHTlM'tll 'IB
;« ivrtazce lenrty enchantment to the view.
Ani hid**? th<- faults that mar the ecene.
Eo memory' « pape It* <V.Ftnnt lichts mibdue.
When virwr-d through year* that Intervene.
I.'.kf «ftT>o rare ancient p«lnt!nc. lost to eight.
lirrrirred with tixi't in rarret laid.
Wilt all it« «o!oni F.huw in softr-ned light.
When mot restored hy artist's aid.
The *hades rt--.w «3«>e|>»r, and the tints condense.
The background yellow grows with ase.
}?ut roun4 it tvams a halo more Intense,
TiiAt holler ErowB at every ctase.
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 31, 1900.
4
Multitudes Throng the Streets to Watch the Column Pass and i
Thousands Gather Among the Headstones to Hear the I
Words of Praise and Eulogy and to Deck With Brilliant |
Blossoms the Graves of Those Who Died in the Paths of |
Glory — Firemen Meet by the Monument of Their Old Chief |
and Scatter the Emblems of Sorrow and Respect .Over Their |
Dead Comrades — League of the Cross Cadets Attend Solemn i
Requiem Mass at the Cathedral. !Hidpath Is Improving.
NEW YORK. May 23.— There was a rn
mor current .to-nisrht that John Clarke
Ridpath. who for some weeks has been a
patient in the Presbyterian hospital, was
dead. The physicians said that, while he
Is a very tick man. jlr. Ridpath Is not In
danger of death and that bis recovery is
looked for. There has been a slight Im
provement In his condition within the last
twenty- four tours.
ceeding heats, though, were soft for Own
er Curley. the Prince scoring at leisure
tn 2:21H. 2:20- •
No doubt the 2:20 c!as3 event furnished
the most stubbornly contested affair of
the day. Harvey B. nailing the coin only
after two desperate brushes with Alfred
H. Lullaby, favorite ior the i opening
heat, could do nothing but step on tacks,
each time coming to a standstill break.
Much was expected of Alfred H. in the
second heat, but Harvey B. was "Haw
kins* horse" comlner back stronger than
i ever with something to spare at the wtre.
The finish between the pair for the first
bout was so close many thought Alfred
H. had won. but the judges made no mls
i take in placing the horse. Summary:
• First race— : M0 class:
Sandow (J. O'Kane) « 2 11
Satin Wood 'H. F. Patrick) 1 i 2
Imp (C. E. Park") 6 J r.o.
Parde* fT. Gommett) * * r.o.
Bonney Boy «J. W. Bonney) 5 3 r.o.
Bob Burn* (Schwartz) ' 5 r.o.
Nettle II ("W. C. HameU'*.n> 3 dr.
Time-5:30. JtCSU." IiTn*.
Pecnnd race — Z;20 class:
Prince C tJ. Curley> * 1 ' 1
Mattie B (W. Van Keuren) 1 2 2
Steve (I. B. Dalzlel) 2 3 r.o.
Correct (N. Hottna).v.".. ."....:. 3 4 r.o v
Third rare— Free-for-aU:
Our Dick (D. MizcT) 1 8 •
King Cadenza «H. H. Dnnlar) 2 1 0
•Race declared off and Durse awarded to Our
Dick.
Fourth race— F. G. O'Kane challenge enp:
Alto Vela (Dr. G. W. Kleiser) ;.... 1 "1
Queenle (L. Richardson) .....2 2
Alameda llald (J. C. OblandO .3 4
Prtece C <J. Curley) ; 4 3
- Time— »:!4'i. 2:13?i-
Fifth ¦ race— 5:Tl class :-
Genera! Smith «W. C. Hanierton) ; I 1
Crescent <H. W. Miller) 2 2
Alswneta <Coak»er> 3 3
Localeer (D. MUner) : 4 S
llpnran (O'Kane)... C 4
Ethel H U. M. Eva) 5 C
¦'¦ : -~Z- ¦:--'•• -Time— i:ITK. 22S.
Sixth rac* — 2:30 clar*:
Harvey B U. C. Ohlan-Jt) 1 1
Alfred H (J. W. Hamertcn) 2 2
F. S. D. <J. Cnlcello). ....3 3
Our ' Jce (Thcnifwjn) ..4 4
Bvrtet Peas «r>r. T. Miller) 5 «
Lullaby (II. P» trick)......; 6 a
TInie-2^6U. 2:27%. '. - i
v . ¦ ¦•:¦- ; -
C. A. Halsht, K .CO -^"',
Ed Fay. 30 -!"/'.' V'i
W. J. Golcher. 30 •l-Zli^Z"
p. j. Walsh. 30 :...ntummiinryii9
Frank Ma«key. ¦$) 2i:fflli»
W: H. Williamson. 3Q..T2TZZZ2?2ZZ22:r-ZZZ*
Ed^ar Forster. » nilismo
W. E. Murdock. 23 2irS31^n~11112Sl«
II. Rlcklefsen. IS
r. u. Murdoch. 23 lnj^imununw
J. Bruns. « lUtTZX'UUm
C. D. Owens. 2S .1X010
F. Feudner. JS Illtt=^mmi51^
C. W. Debenham. IS.. OS*
L. F. Alden. IS 010
J. J. Sweeney, H 2VSSSZH
A. T. Derby. » r^tlJi
W. II. T. Hlne. S 0^1*
E. Klevesahl. T3 II21M1
n. c. Rosenberg, tj snnmma
F. It. Webster. 3 l~01imu=liU2«
D. !:. Halle. !...".') JtjBgSBi
C. E. Wordea. T. W10
*H. Kntlman. IS WXt
T. L. Lewis. i&.... 1111019
H. A. Hoyt. IS 1HC»
Two other matches resulted as follows:
Klevesaht ?mil-<
Wil!!am*cn .....—.- ZOZ12 — t
Shields I»W
"Wilson" lO'.rW
Sweeney lici:i— i
Kamey 1DW
Precht 011i;t-5
%Val«h JWW
Jackson eiKtl — t
Xauman nrrU—€
Brur.» U^lI-«
M. O. Feudaer iww^w,,.
.ehu.tz ..*............................ 1 - ¦ .I— — !?
Bruns llllll£lir:t— VI
Shields ..*..II"IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII:iU*11119li —5
WUllaason WUhJrewr
r>rby sinnccisi — »
Wilson Withdrew
Precbt S121K1S113— II
Kamer ..................... Wlthar-w
Ilort Wlth-irew
Uemfrrtoa Withdrew
Lament ". WlthJr-w
• Dr. Alden _ Withdrew
j *Dcat] out of bounds.
i - 1 » ¦
LYNN. Maf3., May 30.— The Klrtland
Club has slsmed Kid McCoy to box Steve
O'I>onneII fifteen rounds on the evening
of June 7. * ilcCoy * wired his accept
ance. '"¦- ,:,-"
McCoy and O'Donnell to Box.
9 -?-•;—?--¦•"->- <?>~*~ •••—•—¦ •¦-?-• •—?—•-?-©
E. The last named outflanked and out
pointed the rest of the fleet on the first
les to Blossom Rock buoy. On the leg
along: the city front the sloop Gypsie
Sicked up somewhat. T. Carrier's sloop
e'asle E rounded Blossom Rock buoy In
44 minutes. Mission Rock 31 minutes later
and crossed the finishing line oft the Ala
meda mole fn 1 hour 43 min. and 50 sec.
actual sailing ' time. She beat her
nearest competitor, the sloop Gypsie. 8
mlnute3 and 35 seconds. The sloops Em
bla. Secret. Aloha and Thelma tacked to
ward the city front on the first leg. while
the other three yachts made one Ions:
tack to the northward and weathered
Blossom Rock buoy on the next tack. On
the run home th* sloops Pactolus and
Gypsie carried spinnakers, but the rest
of the fleet had only working sails. The
full results are fhovrn In the table.
- OFFICIAL TABLE jjF_TIj[EICALIFORNTA YACHT CLUB REGATTAT'
OFFICIAL TABLE OF THE CORINTHIAN YACHT CLUB REGATTA.
light pole, receiving a fractured scu.l.
The top of his head was crushed In. lie
died a few- minutes after the accident.
Stafford, who was riding behind lilies,
vcas thrown through the picket fence.
Ills skull was fractured, his nose
broken and his false teeth forced down
his throat. He was removed to the \\al
tham hospital, where he died to-night.
The fatality in this race cast a gloom
ever the sport for the rest o* the after
noon. It wa* the principal number on
the day's programme and was being run
off in fine style and In exceptionally quick
time when the accident occurred. The
race was won by Archie McEachern.
with Ryan second and Champion third.
Time. 3T»:40 2-5.
The five-mile motor tandem handicap
fnrofesflor.aU was won by Cook and
Sheerer: CaHahan and Champion second.
Time. T:2S 4-5.
15-5: Lady Emma beat Controller, 7-5: Low
lander beat Alarue. 4-S; Wait a Little beat Im
perial. 5-0; Lottie M beat Morse Patrol. 6-0;
P.csie Claire beat Good-By, «-3: Challenger beat
Flower of Gold. 3-*; Golden Garter beat Glen
Cfcloe. 17-9; Hawker beat Lexington. 6-3:
Rienzie beat Princ- George. 4-0: Juliet beat Kid
Kohl. 31-3: Leg Boy beat Sweet Belle. 3-1:
Daisy Claire beat Firm Foe. «-4; Wild Xorah
beat Mount Ida. 9-3: Betsy Barrow beat Re
member Me, 6-4; Hadlwlst beat Terronite, 7-6.
Third round— Night Time beat Lady Emma.
S-2: Walt e Little beat Lowlander. 12-S; Lottie
M beat Rosle Claire. 6-4; Challenger, a bye;
Rienzie beat Hawker. 5-0; Loe Boy beat Juliet.
13-5:, Wild Xorah beat Daisy Claire, 10-0; Hadi
vcia* beat B«rtsy Barrow. 6-5.
Fourth round— NIpht Time beat Watt a Lfttle.
S-4; Lcttie M beat Challenger. "-»: Rienzl beat
Lor Boy. 9-4; Wild Norah beat Hadlwist. 11-1.
Fifth rour.d— Lcttie M beat Night Time,- 9-6;
Wild Norah beat Rienzl. S-S.
Final— Lottie M beat Wild Xorah, lt-7.
vs. D. K. Carter's High Jinks: P. M. CUrkson' s
Golden Garter vs. Maher & Reii's Cscle Ful
ler: J. P. Thrift's Bretus ts. Curtis & Son's
Shadow: J. J. Kenney's Hot Haste vsi. Jeff
Martlnetfs Bill Foster: Georse S^unnan's
Ilowery Bor vs. G. W. Betntz's Uerach^rs
Pride; J. M. McNeil's BlacJc Hawk vs. Gua
Abercroaible's Victor Kiss; H. A. Decketaan's
I!en Klrby v*. R. E. <!• R Lnpez St Sea's
Vfaaia: Pusaa. Kennels' Metallic vs. Pastu*
Kennela' Rural Artist: X. P. Wh!t'ns*s St.
Anthony vs. J. Helen's Scottish Chtef: J. J.
Keaney's Wtnsln? Lassie vs. F. Schou's Kias's
Borderer; R. EL «Je B. Lopez & 3on's Diablo vs.
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Ladv Emma: Pasha
Kennels" Golden Nu3T»t vsl r^ Fringe's Ki.l
KoM: P. J. Reilly"* PJcnrhboy vs. R. E. o> B.
Lxrpez 4k Son's Crawford Rex: F. A. MrConih'a
On* Spot vs. R. E. de B. Lcp« ft Son's Whi:-*
head: Curtis & Son's Aschcr vs. J. Dyraes"
Eleven Soot: J. P. Thrift's The Jester vs.
Curtis i Son's Blackette; F. flack's L— '.a Si
»s. IC. A. Deekelinan's Rcrker: J. R. Smita'a
Magic vs. Rujseil. Allen .¦< Wilson's Julius Cae
sar; Stert St. Kaowles" O'Hara vs. G. W.
Helntz's Rustic Bea=t7: E. M. Kell^rr's Iowa
Boy vs. Erwin ft Lvon's tllver Winy*; J.
Mortality"* Snai-cer Garrlacn vs. R. Prlnsl*"*
Honor Bright: Geom Sharman's Walt a Bit
vs. J. E. Cnarobill's Hct Foot: Sterl &
Krv3w!»s' For Glory vs. r.aw!.'. Alt^ Jk W1I
ws'i Password; C'Raell Brcs." Euaniore vs.
P. J. ReiUv's Grafter.
Monosrasi ts. C. O. Petersoa'a Silver Cloud:
R, E- de B. lrf)pes & Son's Crawford Pricry vs.
Curtis A Son's Old Glory: Pasha Kennels'
Reckless Archer rs. J. L. Ross" J L R; Jt
Walsh's Handteaa ts. J. O'Do-s-d*s Cas<-ad»:
D. Silver's Reannex vs. E^ M. Kellog^s B«n'«
James Carroll** Krts"» Hope ts. J. Byrae*'
nat:le»k!p; D. Winders' Lundln LJska vs. F
McCcmba' Little Si«ter; J. L. Ross' Just Ti^
v». Harrigaa ¦& Wiegand's Overture; H A.
Deckelsiaa'a Saarshct vs. Pasha Kennels' Rod*
Awaitenlnsr: T. J.. CnstoCa Wild Trale* vs. J
Watkins' Gladiator; V.'. C. Glasson's 3antan!a
vs. F. Schou's SmuRXler; T. J. Cronin's fn^ru
hlll vs. Jeff Maxtlneti's Bernal ¦ Boy- Curtis
4 Son's Flyir^ Fox vs. Pasha Keaaeli* May
Hetrpstead: J. Carroll's Blueatone vs. Pash*
Kennel*' Rest Assured; G. W. H^lntz's Ccx^u-t
»s. T. Lc^an's Lean; Curtis jfc Son'a Coin'oib
rtore vs. J. Mortarlty*s Klttleinas: J. O"Dowd"s
dhoctover vs. J. P. Thrift's St. Michael; J.
Keerua's Min Monte vs. F. A. McCcinb's
Rsyal FTJsh: \V. Creasaer's Onward ts. Con
aell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant: Sullivan A Train
or's Castle Island Box vs. Jeff MartenetV*
Sllrn: T. Lcgan'a Miss Grizzle vs. Gus Aber
crcmtie'3 Rock Island King: J. B, Sy.ith's
Jena!* Wilson vs. R. E. de B. Lopez & Sen's
Minnie Wa Wa; Aeneid KenneU' Ajaraessscn
vs. W. C. Glasson's Sleigh 3eUs; J. Anthony**
Patriot ts. E. M- Helloes'* K'd McCoy: Cur
tis A Son's Vulcan V3. J. Carroll's Auckland;
F. A. McCosih's Sir Pasha vs. J. Carroll's Red
Hind: W. C. Creamer's Jesse Moore ts. J. M.
Haltcn's Tic Tac: Pasha Kennels' Rcuad About
rs- Janne« Byrnes' Olyicpus: Geors* Buean's
The card for Saturday and Sunday at
Ur.lon Park will fce made up of aa cpea
stake, for which 104 greyhounds are en
tered. The draw las: eight resulted as
follows:
This "Week's Stake Entries.
Fourth round— Aacklaad • beat Carswacita
*»— *: Carulelaria teat St. Helen. 3—3: Ma=:ia
P!»asan: beat Crawfcri Pr.crj-, &— 4; ilcKiclay
Fifth rmind— Candelarta beat Auckland. 3—0-
JIcKlr.Iey beat Mamie Pleasant. 5—0 . • •
Deciding course— Curtis & Sen's HcK!n!>r
'Es-a Pasha- Roc k#-te) beat Curt!3 & Sea"*
CiindeUrla. tSkyTocket-VTave) 1J t
Second rjur.d— Diablo teat Ecrdar"* Best.
I-*: Acck'an.1 teat St. Alichael. 4— I; Car
mer.ita beat Metallic. !— 1; Waada beat "Win.
mr.«r Uisle, 4 — 0; Silver Wis^s beat Forsat.
*—2; f L Helen b*at Erin's Uoce. 7—5; Can
: l-irta beat Shootover. 4-^0; O'Hara beat Si:
v«»r Lycn. S— 2; Slira beat Mira il^ate $— *¦
Crawford Priory beat Dusinore.' 3— I- Castla
I.*Uin<J Bot beat Random Aim. 3—1: Mar.-.-.a
Pieasact beat Onward. 1—1: Beauty Spct beat
Thorniale. S — I; \IcK1ale7 beat Remus i— 0-
Fcr Glory teat J. L. R., J-I; Eria' beat
B'.ackette. 4—1 "...
TtJrtl round— AncSciind teat Diablo. 4— «-
Carmenclta beat Silver Wing*.. 4—0; St. Helea
t^eat Wanda. 3—2; Candelaria beat O'Hara
3—2: Crawford Pricry beat Slim, 4—2; Mnn-.li
Pleasant beat Castle Island Boy. t>— 1; Mckia
!ey beat Beauty Spot. 5—0; For Glory, beat
Klin, 6 — 1. ¦;•
A number ol favorites were beaten in
the rirst round. Wantia. beat the Import
ed dog My Selection at odds of i to 1.
They ran three times, the first being a
"no course" and the second an undecided.
My Selection showed- he had succumbed
to the effects of a change o£ climate. St.
Helen beat fcleighbeiis at 5-4; Mira Monta
beat Thornhiil. >-:; Crawford .Priory beac
Olita. 5-1; Dunmore beat Coquet. S-4; Re
mus beat Red Hind. 3-1: Wanda b«at Win
ning Lajsie. JWl: Silver Wings beac For-
S?t. 4-1. and Castle Island Coy beat Kau
uoni Aim.
Crawford Priory, a puppy from tne Lo
pez Kennels, showed a lot of speed. az>l
some cleverness.
The attendance wa3 unusually larsa
even for a holiday meeting. Tae detailed
results with Judge JoLn Grace'i official
scores follow: .: .. •'
R. B de B. Lopez's KaSlo. a br«. Fares*'
Qu«n witbdra-wa; Barrels Bros.' Border' » Best '
beat Gus Abercronib!e'» il.as Richmond. ?— i:
J. Carroll's Auckland beat Pasaa Kreael*'.
Placid Additica. *— Q; J. P. TkrlTfa St. UicSael
b*at J. Pctier-s Kcmulus. 10— i; Pasha K*hne:j*
Metainc beat C. O. Peterson's Stlret Cloud.-.
10—3; li. E. de B. Lccez's Canneiurita fceat J,
L. Hcij" Just Tip. 4—1; E. E. de li. Lcpex'
Wanda beat Sullivan & Trainer's My Selectlca.:
3—^: J. J. Kenney's Wlnntnt Lassie • beat Ccn-
drey &. KougJifs Flylcg Cr-at. 14-^1; Erwtn- &
Lyra's Silver U'inrs teat F. Ja-K- r. 't Krag
Jorser.sen. 3—0; J. P. Thrift's Fcnet be-*t
St?rl & Knowles' Rasty GoM, 5— 2; J. -Carroll's
Erin's Hope test J. M. Hatton's Tic Tac. 3—::
Cona^ll Brc»." 3t. Helen beat W. C: Glasson's
Si#l?ht>«i:3. 4 — 0; J. OTJowil's Sbcotavec beat
Curti3 & Son' a Sha-iow. 7 — J: Curtis <& Soa'a-
Caadelarta beat G. VV. He!nt»'s Rustic Beaarv-.-
S— 4; Sterl & Knovr'.er CTHara beat SuIIIvaa %
Trainer's Slaid «>? the Hill. 4—0; Erwtn iae-
L.yoa'3 SIKer Lyon beat Pasha. KenaeU' Real
Assured, i— 1: J. Keecan's Mira Monte beat T.'
J. Cronin's Thcrr.hill. 3—1; J. JIarterW a Siirj
beat J. L. Ross' Wildwocd. U— 2; R. E.' «1*
B. Lcpes'3 Critrford Priory beat Sterl ft
Kaowles' Olita. 6 — »; Cccaell Eroa.' Drramcr
t>eat U. -W. H»intz'9 Coquet. Z— «>; D. Winder*
F^uidcra Aim beat B. E.deE l^spei's i!:nr.: •
\Va Wa, »-3; Sullivan & Trainer" ». ui'..<
Inland Doy beat CurtU it Sen's Old Glory, fc-tj
W. CreanieT 1 * Onward beat F.' ChambllJ'* Print-,
i-ess Royal. 8—0: Conr.ell Bros.' Morale Pi-eaj
ar.t beat F. ?chou'» King's Bortierer. 3—*;- R.-
L. Taylor's t'eauty Spot beat F. C. Mack's
Delia M. 2-*: Al Au.-tln's Thcrntjaie bear R.
E. c!e B. Lcrez's Soft Goo<is, 3-rZ; J. P»jtser"3
Itetsus beat J. Carrcll'* Red. Hlad. 4— 0- r Cu»
ti? & Son'» McXtnley beat W. Creamer's Jesse
Moure. 5— •); J. I* Ro*s' J. L. it. bej»t Cunij
Jk ben's Ccrnmoiire. 4— J; Stsrt & Kc-jwlea'
Fcr Glery beat Pasha Kennels' May Hernp.
stra<J. 5—2: II. D«nl#a's Erin beat G. Aber
orcmbte's Rocic Is!an-1 K:r.<. l'>— 7; Curtia &
>rn's Blacket:^ beat Borteia I.*~cs-' Beer Cxeiv.
t W, 3 — 2. . •
Runner- Up.
Curtl3 & Son's sreyho-ti=ci3. ; McKinley
and Candelaria, ran one. two yesterday
In the holiday stake at Ur.lcn Coursing
Park. Each had an exrra' course during
the afternoon. owing to ustletiJett
courses. ilcKlnley rar. the Caat cojr*3 :
with as much dash as though ha was jus;
commencing. The bettor* Uid 4 to i
aralnst Candelaria and the course shaweil
the odds were Justlnatle. MciCintey stw>w- !
evl t«e speed acd worked aii around
kennel mate, winning ultimately by' a
score of sixteen points to four. During
the day he beat Jesse Moore. Kesaus.
Beacty Spot, For Glory, after aa tradedJ
ed course, and Mamie Pleasant, for Glory
was the only cne to score against ta«
son of Exia Pasha, and all sne couia
make wa3 one point.
Ihe stake -was remarkable for the num
ber of cogs waicb seemed to have a
chance. Auckland showed great speed
early in the day. while Kanaom Aim a
cnacces also seemed rcsy. i'or Cllory.
Erta and Blackette were all tivored Ly
the bettora. Ka^dors A:rn was beaten :a
the second round by Castle Island Boy
at odds oi 2 to 1 after a long undecided
course. Blackette waa beaten by Kria
after an undecided, while Eria was ta
turn retired from competition by For
U:ory. Auckland held his own until th»
seml-flnal round, when he was retired by
Candelaria af:»?r an undecided course-.
McKinley Captures the Holiday
Stake, With Candelaria as .
CURTIS KENNELS
GET THE MONEY
AT UNION PARK
Silverdale Wins a Five-Furlong Dash
at Ha-erthome.
CHICAGO. May 3).— The weather was
cloudy and the track heavy at Hawthorns
to-day. Results:
Five far!*>E^»— Parental* wna. Garrr BetT
suRti seemed. Batru* trilnl. Time. l:0T.
Five and a tali forlonr*— Hermoso won.
CtRgte socorvi. Larkspur thir-t. Time. 1:1^.
Ste#plec!iase. short course— <"henler won. LcriS
Chc-<teTe*lil »*cot:J. Becky Rulf« tiiri Time.
One 3>ile asd a sixfenrh — iranrlsrvfl* won.
?aa» FuIIea »ecotul. TSe Stick third. Tlaj'*,
One die *«vl a caartfr. tei:in?— Pr!nc«
relaxes won The Cabby second. Microsco:**
tbtrtl. Tim*. !:^X
S<?Te« fur*ini:?« — Earrack won, M!«3 Siaaley
secacd. l*3CijTlIle third. Tust I;33.
OUTFOOTS GAESY HIBBXASS.
WHEEL RACES AT
WALTHAM MARRED
BY SAD DISASTER
Motor Tandem Runs Over a
Bank, Killing Two Men and
Injuring Others.
¦VVALTHAir, Mass., May 30.— The race
rr.cet of the Massachusetts division of
the League of American Wheelmen at the
Waltharn bicycle track to-day was marred
by a shocking accident, two riders being
killed and others hurt. The accident oc
curred, ia the second mile of the four
cornered motor-paced race, the contest
ants being Everett B. Ryan of Walthara.
Bert Champion of Paris. Archie McICach
ern of Toronto and William P. Stimpson
cf Cambridge.
• In the llrst lap cf the second mile on the
turn Into the baelistretch the four
pacing machines were stretched across
the track. Champion swerved into the
grass, and in avoiding him Harry E.
Miles. 25 vears of ace, of. Lynn, and Wil
liam M. Stafford. 24. of Cambridge, who
¦were riding the Stinscn motor-pacing
tandem.- were forced up the track and
over the bank. Bath men were thrown.
Miles striking head first on an electric
Baseball Men From A cross the
; : Bay Use Two Pitchers
; Withoiit Effect.
Sia Francisco 8, Oakland 3.
p ¦..f.^CI.E HENRY plucked a victory
:{i .' : . !| : Trorn Cal {Swing resterday at Rec
: fi^jff- :r?at!on .Park tn a g-aine that drag
¦f:c<I Its.' weary 'engrth through the
fesuil rise inrinps. The panie was won in
inrAr.g. sken Dude Beville -eras
t.'-ich-e-i •four' tiajts ar.d'.a^ nar.jr men
f.fcr*d. In the fourth !r.r.ir.g Steffanl was
ptt'.m the slab -sr.d but Tew hits were
nsJe by Frisco citer that.
There were three sensatloca In the
parr-.e. Prar.cks paSted down a etlZ Une-r
blfilJ ever his head. Hutchlnscn lost the
YuA back of his bag and cr.ee the foul
?~g oslltbe left S«'d side wrapped itself
- :-.i the epheroiJ ar.d Pabsr ira<!e two
Ciicks on acccur.t cf It.
•-. Berljle*! frir.«y twirling showed ltse'.; in
rcoth-eaten patches In the second, when
foar of Kanli's cvrs crossed the rubber.
f .::;var. perished without an after
•^o•Jest. Pabst rEa.de his Srst bag on
B'-nleavy's Tr.-uff. taking second on the
I . y ar.a gr>!r.g to third on Levy's single.
BsM purloined eecond ar.d both men
:erored on .K.mp's double to left- Then
r..--.; y s:r.e!ed and Krj? went to third.
©at "Jcsb" at second. A lone double
i y Iburp to left scored Krug and a wild
ji'.ch and error sent Iburg over the plate.
:. In this Inning Oaklar.d a!so\ received
four hits, but only succeeded In scoring
two men. Moskiraar/e epitaph was wnt
ten when Frascks slr.gled. rollowed by
; another of the same kind by Dur.leavy.
Then Lar.£-e wer.t under the so<i. but
l>renr.in eingled. Frances and Dunleavy
Ecorir-s.
•' In the third Frisco ad£ed two rur.3 to
ItS: Bat.- A ccuple of singles by Sullivan
ar.d Pabst. ar. error bv Frtircks aiid a
Fir.^le by Krujr rcear.t a run apiece for
Sullivan and Pabst. In the fifth inning
Stcffani. who made first en the forcir.g
•c-t of Drer.nan. scored en HUdebrand'i
ir.-jff after a long run for tha ball.
The seventh was the inr.inp cf a brace
of. errors and some freak accidents, which
¦"-.•etted two rur.E for Fhsc-o. Once the ball
l-.lt the foe! fiac and rolled fair and an
other time last Itself !n the foul territory
back cf Hutchjr.son.a'.l to the heavy sor
row cf Czl Ewir.g-. The -score:
e.VX FRANCISCO.
A3. P~ BH. SB. PO. A. E.
» r ,vfcV>2 cf £001110
HL^brar.^. rf ...... 5 0 0 0 10 1
S"-ir»ra,» 4 l J 1 » ! •
S :.:varr^c ... S 1 1 0 J 1 0
¦Ad*! U. — 5 3 2 0 13 1 1
; <V t i? .......** 11110 0
lS3s. a 4 0 I 0 I I 0
l-ri.p 4 1 S . 0 . ' 1 •
retail ....,.....»» 1 - : -5 1 r a 1
OAKLAND.
AB. B. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
«-J:~e«r « .... ..4 0 .0 0 0 3 0
lia-treni. c ....-.-. 4 0 0 0 4 5 0
» ; jt h '-sce. lb ..-.,. 4 . 0 2 Or! 1 S
— it 4.0 1 0 3 0 0
V-i-cLi ib .-4 11 1 2 4 1
;—. rf ...— - 4.1. I . 0 3 1 1
It ............ 4 0 0 0 2 1 0
¦a.;.** — • ? « 2 °- i s I
¦-. -p — V o i. o. .o i o
'.^¦siHx^k.'P .-......". 3 10 0 0 0 0
1 ;1 1 S ' it 5
.-..¦V.-'y.hrxS AKD KITS ET INNINGS.
' =Sak- 'Fraacasco^ -¦...-. 0 4 S 0 0 0. 2 0 .0— 5
lias* hit* :V.-.. -.--%.-.. 1 4 4. 0 0 11 0 1^12
c^\Liitri- ¦...-..-.. „.......» -2 • o i o o o <^- 3
.' /a^ee.i'.rs ..,..:.:..-: 0. 4 0.. 1 2 0 0 2 0^- 9
.'••.'; ?%:.'.';..¦''¦'¦: EITMilART.
• -'7X-r* wsfXJlK*. fcr^I>Ti:;e 3. Ibur* 2. Stef
¦*'rj.l. : - Ti-o-Us* h'.ts — Sefc-w-artr <:>. Kmg.
¦I. v: -ir>-' Fat>rt.- First :bass' en errorf— San Frar.-
: 5; Oik 1 .*?.! 2. First base cr. caile-i ball*—
¦&i FrasJ-.icol--' Lifter.- ta^es— ?in Francisco
¦t -Oakland '.«.-. Etrurk. out— Br St»ffar.i 3. by
: 'ltKirW ; 2/ Paseed ba!f— Kaimscnd.. V\'iM pitch—
¦•.•I^Vi'ne. T»n:e ; c;r«=e— Two 'hours. L"tr.p!re—
Sacramento Wins a Great Game.
SACRAMENTO. -.lay S>.—Tht to-'
daf vts cr.e .of the fastest ever plaved
:i:cr.6.. It took but. cr.e hour and a half
£--r the Sicraiaenios to down the visitors.
Ti " ' latter 'jpot bat three : fcits oft Hupnes.
¦Ntariy.*000.'.i?ersors witnessed the game
szrA were wiid with excitenser.t from start
to finish: • The feature of the pame was
Zfre -•t-attiag -cf Stnr.;iey..who rna5e a single.
ja -tw-o-tiagger. a triple. and a home run in
f-u- tidies at the. tat.- Dcyie played a.
¦treat, game ; ;lri right.- field. Score:
EACIIAIISXTO
'¦'¦¦ "¦':¦.-':'. -.:':¦ . AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E
"-tautens, 1- 1.-.. 4 1 2 1 0 0 0
*-_->-¦ c.,:..-.—.. 4- l 4 c. 4 2 o
:¦ vie.'r. f..-.. ; -5-0 o c « o c
: i-:^ c.f..-..., „. 3 C-.O 0 13 0
Si^t,T. b.'.-.'./.-.>.;.~. .3 ". 0.0.0 2 f _^
' Tot*l» -.-^«. .¦.•..'.'..-¦3J ¦ : :5 • 11.. 3 K !»"' 0
: . ' • •'¦ '•: .• ¦.ETOCKTOK 1 .
.'•' :•'¦'•": '•'•¦.¦ ' ; AS. li- BH. SB. PO. A. E
E=it!tt. 2i>..: «.;?¦ o- -C- o.. 4 /: l
Ltcktieaa, e§- '* ¦ * 0 0 S "'4 ' •
ra-ec.., .-» 3 G: 11 5 4 1
lT-v--re 3 t.......v...'..'4 0' 0 0 2' ' 0 ' 0
' VUCutb&'.i. 1 4 0 0 0- 1 .1 0
«j«rf:w, c.f^.:...:... 4^ i to o o i
¦.CoaTtue-sJlifa.. ..:...; J . 0 • 1 ' 1 U 1 «
H-ave* f. X-.,....w— 2 : 9 « 0/0 0 C
..¦yvjiaiti, ;>:y;.-...,.w.:. i c co . o : c
•-¦ :^i'«: ;.'... :^.^.3: ¦ ~1 • ~3. ~5 U 14 1
.;¦••¦'..•".. RIT?CS. AND' HITS ST CC2CINGS.
fca'-ri=-.e=io ¦-.-.. [.1-..-.1 1 0 0 C'o C 3 •— S
." Ease- hitir...i.:...-...-l 1 J 2 C 11 I *-ll
Etocjctcn .:.-.:...-. -.O'O. 0 <!C 0 10 0—1
•: .Ease.t!u..-...i.'..:.— : -.T 6 .0 ft 0 C 2 0 0— 3
saotiMr,
Rurj- rMtxjrertie: '^« — il-ir'fci 1. vn\3.ln a.
' U?Tr.e" roa-^Star.ley. • TT.ree-tase hit— Sta.sley.
Two-IJase h:».^StirJ»r, '.Morrow.. Courtney.
BlcrVSce hit— ttoyie. First base err errjrs—£ac
• ra— *>ntc 1. Ftnt .base oa called ba'.!»— Hu«bes
i .'W'ta.lea -3. L*ft cr. ba^»«-^Sacrani»r.t3 5.
• S-ocktcr 5- Struck cvt— Br Hug!:** 3. by W"h»
>ti I ' Dctit'.e clay— Pace to Babbitt. Tiir.e of
»ratr.e-t hour and IS BljMteftJ Cnjlre— (Jr^ves.
£corer>-Na.tiian.
REORGANIZED RELIANCE
DEFEATS THE HEESEMANS
OAKLAND. May SO.— The rHjrjanlzefl
I>::ar.ce Cub baseball team defeated th
sliiibst invincible Heeseinaa team this
afternoon at the Golden : Gate grounds.
Manager Hushes of the Reliance team
basbeta rssJtlr.g scir.e changes that have
j rprt6 beneacia!. He tried I^cfcvre !n th*
box this afternoon and he did esceilent
*crit: TUe Une up and .score were as fol
lows; ' ' ••*•
KELIANCE.
A3. U. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Ij a i^no=3, e « J I \ » \ J
X^fpvre. C f.. p 4 I • I \ I •
SKV£B i li"! -.5 I I
¦^¦--- I i ; o 5 i S
i'ltl £b'"""".:.~ » • • o i o i
•W. 1!> 5 1 3 0 10 1 0
H*R!£a r f t 5 ; 2 0 0 0 0
Eruc«rp.; l..« » 2 0 2. 1 1 1
:''.Mto> —. « 5 Ts « -2S a >
.',. . HEESEUAXS.
, . , AB. R- nil. SB. PO. A. E.
.Fpesrtr. a 4- : 0 • 2 •; 1
¦ ghiwu l.-t 4 .1 • 1 1 1 1
Muins.- J-b =. J 1 1 0 IX 0 2
F-r. >. t s 0 x o ; o 9
l>RE>.:"£b 4- « 2 • S S «
Ni'T- r. f * 0 0 0 1 1 •
¦«-at<*ur}'. p 1 ... J 1 t I J 2
r«r>.itji. c.;... Jk . iio2«i
: T«3'^' '..tS 5.7 4 2T 19 13
*VfTi*f out fcr l^terferirjr with a darcr.
rirr-cs "asd hits bt. in*nin-gs.
r>lisise» V 0 : 0 0 1 1 C 3 •— 15 I
Haio hJt« :¦•¦•¦ 1 l r- I ?— 1«
'Ii»-^*-!T:stn« ; 4 t, .0 t, q j j 0— J
' .L'iK> Ut; o 4020010^—7
Ilcin- rrrr:*— Prralt*. Elni. Two-base hlt«—
•Mj-m« •. D-mn. Wat^borj-. Ftruck out— lij
V«t*fl>ury X *T Leferre 3. \%^~% on baU»—
frS Liruce 1. o£f 1*te\r* \, eft V.'at^rfcury S
|MlkaH>frcn> l. Watrrtmrr 1. Hit t,r t.ttrh<>
I'xistwfl *>*!V« — Hiiiimiirad 1. J»»ralta 1 L^'t on
—Nolan to iluJvr. '.^crlfW-* hn-Fh»a C'm
,:---J^.k i-r.-.-Min. <-. rrr— G«crgf Freenan.
four-fifth* of all the. rarlic eaten in
*-urop*> tm raised on the two Africiia Isl
fi.t-.2s," Zar-zilar and Peinba.
UNCLE'S TEAM IS
TOO SPEEDY FOR
THE OAKLANDERS
HARNESS HORSES
HOLD LEVEE AT
OAKLAND TRACK
Golden Gate Driving Associa
tion Day— Alto Vela Wins .
f v_the Cup.
THE complimentary racing matinee
given by the Golden Gate Park
Driving Association yesterday . at
Oakland track was attended by over
3000 people, who witnessed some excellent
sport, heard a grumble or two, and re
turned home well satisfied with the after
noon's outing. The weather was perfect
and the track never in better condition
for horses of the light harness brigade.
Edward D. Jacks, George L. Sweet and
"Jim" Chesley held sway in the Judges'
stand, while T. J. Crowley ably tilled the
position of starting 3udge. The well
known firm of Crowley & Co. attended' to
the wants of the betting public, two books
laying prices and handling a raft of coin.
The 6' Kane challenge cup, the stellar
feature of the card, went to Alto \ ela,
an aeed son of Electioneer, driven by Dr.
G. W: Kleiser. A prcrounced favorite in
the betting, he took the first heat with
such apparent ease in 2:24 l i from Queenle
and Alameda Maid that 3 to 10 w&3 the
best obtainable when the field came out
for the second heat. A: the word the
brown horse quickly assumed the pole po
sition and. trotting like clockwork, again
came in by himself, the gray mare
Queenle once more finishing second. The
mile was covered in 3:19%, which is the
winner's mark.
Some unpleasantness was caused over
the result of the free-for-all, with King
Cadenza. 2:2Oti, and the old "wigglcr. '
Our Dick.. 2:0s 1 ;. as the only contenders.
The latter with Dan MIzner holding the
ribbons was made a 3 lo li) choice for the
first round, which he barely lasted long
enough to win in 2:1S I 4. A few contended
that Mr. Dunlap behind Cadenzo made a
weak drive, but it is probable he thought
his horse had no chance. At any rate,
the smart ones knew Dick all out. and
King Cadenza ruled a 1 to * chance for
the second heat, which he won hands
down in 2:22.
The Judees row concluded to change
drivers behind each of the horses. Mr.
Dunlap, owner and driver of King Ca
denza, would not listen to this proposi
tion, refusing to turn his pacer over to
the marshal, so the judges declared the
race off, awarding first money to Our
Dick.
Erratic but fast Prince C. proved the
cherry ripe one in the 2:3) class. Drop
ping the first heat, he then "stepped to
taw" in impressive fashion. The old horse
was heavily played to take the opening
heat, and when Mattie P. sneaked in first
ahead of Steve and Correct, the layers
of odds smiled, for it was one cf the few
good "breaks" they had. The two sue-
SPEEDY HARPOON
HANDILY BEATS
ALL HER RIVALS
No Mishap Mars Corinthian or
California Annual Club
Regattas.
Corinthian and California Yacht
clubs* annual regattas were held yes
|[ terday and both proved highly suc
cessful. There was a good stiff sail
ing breeze and a moderate sea. which
made the conditions ideal for racing.
In the Corinthian regatta, which was
sailed over the usual channel course, nine
teen yachts completed the course without
rr.lshap. There were some surprises, th©
most curioua Incident being that all the
yachts of the 23-foot class, including Corn^
modore Hawks' slocp May. finished with
the stakeboat en their starboard Instead
of on their port, as the sailing: directions'
clearly stated. In the special class for
yawls and schooners W. S. Grover's Arc
turus was dlsqualliied and Percy Burr'3
Kittlwake. among the 20-footers, fouled
the stakeboat at the finishing line.
In cla33 I the sloop Harpoon outfooted
all her competitors, the sloop Speedwell
finishing second. Among the 35-footers
,Emma was first and Vice Commodore E '
¦ F. Sagar's Edna second. In the 30-foot
class, which is always productive of the
keenest and most Interesting contest. Carl
Westerfeld's Aeolus beat her old antago
nist. ex-Commodore J. W. Pew's Truant
by a considerable margin, but Frank
Stone's Presto distanced them both. In
the special class for yawls and schooners
Spray took nrst place 'and Nereid second.
The whole 25-foot class was disqualified
for falling to leave the stakeboat at the
i finish on the port hand, as required by
the racing rules.
In the mosquito fleet Stella won a first
flag. The small boats In the 20-foot clas3
started at 11:45. ten minutes being given
them within which to cross the line. The
•3-footers started at noon and if they
crossed later than 12:10 p. m. their time
was taken at 12:10. The other classes
started at Intervals of fifteen minutes.
also having ten minutes within which to
cross the line. The one-gun start, though
more exciting and picturesque and from
the point v of view of a spectator much
more interesting, was abandoned because
of the dansrer of collision in the narrow
space between the wharf and boats lying
at anchor off It. The full results are
shown In the table:
• California Club Race.
The California Yacht Club held its an
nual repatta over the regular course be
tween the Alameda mole and the city
front. There teia only one class, all the
starters being 36-footers. The prepara
tory gun was fired at 2:3> and the start
was at Z'^0 p. m. The slooc Gypsie cross
ed the line nrst a*. 2:30:12. followed closely
by the sloops Thelma. Pactclus and Jessie
HOLIDAY HAPPENINGS IN THE WORLD OF OUTDOOR SPORTS
FEUDNER SECURES
DONOHOE TROPHY
WITHOUT A MISS
Crack Trap Shot Kills 1 wenty-
Five Birds Straight— G:o.
Jackson Second.
GUN men were out In force yesterday
at the San Francisco trap shooting
grounds, Ingle3ide, to witness the
contest for a silver cup offered by
Edward Donohc« for a match at twenty
flve live birds.
M. O. Feudner. scratch man at thirty
one yards, carried off the trophy with a
clean score. G. H- T. Jackson shot to the
last bird with Feudner, hoping for a ml«3
to tie him. Jackson missed hia eighteenth
bird, which lost him his chance. William
son was also a dangerous factor. He
ml«»=ed his seventeenth, but continued cr.
until his twenty-fourth dropped dead cut
of bounds, when he withdrew. T\ alsn s
fifteenth bird dropped cut of bor.r.d3 and
he missed his twenty-second. The score:
M. O. Feudner. 31 rrTiri.Srrg.— -— -~— p
G. H. T. Jackson. *7 . .IX^ZZZZVJZZlZluZXZZZi.— Z*
C. C Xiumia, 31 toriniO
LOTTIE M WINS
BY HARD WORK
AT INGLESIDE
Beats Wild Norah, the Favor
ite, Handily in Deciding
Round.
rJ7 I/TXCirS Lottie M won the de
i ciding; round in the special open
j[ stake at Ir.glaside Coursing Park
° yesterday In an excltlr.g course
with C. Eor-rer'E Wild Norah. Both does
had hard runs throughout the stake, but
showed well In the final. Lottie M ran in
better shape then she has been for some
time, and her work yesterday , led her
owner to hope that she ¦would round to
her old-time form and De among the top
cotchers.
Night Time beat Lady Emma in the
third round, selling short end at 1 to 3.
and won on merit. Glen Chloe beat Over
the Border at 1 to 2. Kid Kohl beat Con
cord at i to 3. Mount Ida beat Overtime
at 2 to 5 and Wild Norah beat Rlenzle at
3 to 5. Following are the day's results
and Judge R. J. Keilly's oElclal scores:
Special or*n stake— 11. J. Kelly's Night Tlsie
beat J. Kennedy's Lily Wheeler. 9-1: J. Flow
er's Keystone beat M. J. Welch's Mellwood.
14-0; Russell. AT.en & Wi!son'.s Lady Emma
b*at A. L. Austin's Nora Lawrence. 5-Z; J. H.
Pnrlffa'l Controller beat J. McEnrce's October
WooJcock. i-0: A. Johnson's Lotrlander beat J.
H. Period's Peanfgrar.t, T-3: W. H. Shear'i
Alarue beat W. Calrnes' O!a<Jrs Weller. «-0;
Georjje Sharnian'5 Wait a Little beat F. Her
ring's St. Elmo. 4-2: William Cairnes' Imperial
beat E. M. Kellers' s Eea'n Babe. «-4; Farley
Bros.' Morse Patrol beat J. Sutton's Glen Anne,
7-5; H. Lynches Lottie M beat M. J. "Welch's
Lady Xorbora*. 5-2: RuwMiil. Allen & "Wilson's
Rosle Claire beat M. J. Welch's MHMale, 16-1;
Connell Brcs.' Good Bye beat J. Ferris' Leah,
:i-3: P. M. Clarkson's Flower of Gold .beat A.
Van den Kurd's Naughty Girt, 6-0; M. Dillon's
Chalienzor beat H. A. Dec Ice! man's Snapshot,
6-4: P. H. Clarkson's Golden Garter beat T. J.
Cror.ln's Maid cf Bail. 12-5: H. A. Deckelman's
Glen Chlee beat Lowe & Thompson's Over the
Border. S-l: H. Lyneh's Lexington beat Connell
Brcs." Clover. 5-4: Kay Eros." Hawker beat J.
Rock's Mir.erva, 4-1; 1>. Dillon's Prince George
beat J. Kennedy's Wine West. 7-5: Lande &:
Gerber's Rleniie beat E. M. Kellogg's Iowa
Bey. 7-3; R. Prtngle's Kid Kohl beat LanJe &
Gerber's Concord. 4-1; J. Caveney's Juliet beat
T. J. Cronin'i! Arab. 3-1; Connel! Bros.' • Log
Boy beat E. Bennett's Rey Del. 4-3: J. Perry's
Sweet B<?l!e beat J. Sesrserson's Gold Hill. 17-4:
A. L. Austins Firm Fee beat J. C. Williams'
California. 4-0; Russell. Allen A Wilson's Daisy
Claire beat D. Shanr.on'« Ftrand o* Gold. 1S-4;
C. Bonner's Wild Norah beat A. J. Kemp's
Move Out. 9-3: Lande & Gerber's Mount Ida
beat Harrigan & Wleeand's Overture. 5-3: A
J. Keeps Remember Me beat N. P. Whiting's
St. Anthony, 11-7; Bartel Bros.' Betsy Barrow
teat J. H- Periso's Bohe. 4-3: it. MichJIiki'*
Terrrnlte beat G. Shaman's Wail a Bit, 1I-S;
A. Masse;.-' s HadlwUt beat J. II. W. Mullers
Moonstone. S-2.
Second round— Night Time beat Keystone.
THE SAX FKANCISCO CAI,!,, THURSDAY. MAY 31 ? 1900.
?
e
5
Time
AJleWnce
Starting:
Time.
Time. °
.lapsed
CJorrecteti
Time
Cl«»s-
¦ -•»
HA1IE.
wa:
ilE. L
AilcWnce Time.
Tl -
Time. I
Time.
Time
_i
I
1_
•
waammi
¦— —
. .
1 -----I.™
I.
ss-root
33-foot
Special
•5-foet
:3-frxt.
iHarroon ..
ISps-dwell
'Clara
;::r.::.a ' ....
•;n-Jna
'QiKvn
il'r»«o ....
iA<»olu*
jTruant
• S;>ray .....
KmU ....
Arvturus ' .
M-rupe ...
May
k.-upid
N>r~u*
LSlellit
H. M. S. H. M. S.
12:54:25
0:08 .34 12:53:25
0:01:03 } 12:31:23
0:ftt:31 i;:3T:n2
0^51-33 \ 12:3S:1J
0:W.r) ! 12:31 :«
12:21.00
0:00:aO. 12:21 :»>
C^IliW 12:25:O)
G.-<3L:4J Il:^-.:<X>
........ ll:55:CO
11.55:00
0:C2:4* I2:*il:"2
«:«:<»
OiOO-*! 12:03:43
0:01.3 12:03:^)
&:C4:H 12:11:0c
UJXM
11:55:»_
H. M. S.
Z-M:Zi
3:12:12
3:H:47
3:05:10
ZM-.Vl
3:13:32
2:St:«
3:fl-»:31
3:1* :30
3:32:2«
3--<17:32
2:34 :W
2:21:23
2:21:00
2:23:19
»:40:»)
2.4S:33
2:17:11
H. M. S.
2:11:31
2:1S:47
2:23:22
2:2«^S
2:42:M
2:30:4:
2:33:31
2:53:30
J:12:32 '
2:39:»
2:13:33
5:19:00
2:21:27
2:37:10
2:33:35
2:U:;t
2:22:11
H. M. S.
'i";ii:ii
2:24 :2t»
2:24:37
2:2S:13 .
2:42:01
2:30:43
2:33:01
2:52:20
2:33:44
3:12:tt
• j:ii:43
!:13:0>J
2:20:43
2:33:37
2:34:21
• • v • • •
Time
AJleWnce
Starting:
Time.
Time. °
.lapsed
CJorrecteti
Time
Cl«»s-
¦ -•»
HA1IE.
wa:
ilE. L
AilcWnce Time.
Tl -
Time. I
Time.
Time
_i
I
1_
•
waammi
¦— —
. .
1 -----I.™
I.
ss-root
33-foot
Special
•5-foet
:3-frxt.
iHarroon ..
ISps-dwell
'Clara
;::r.::.a ' ....
•;n-Jna
'QiKvn
il'r»«o ....
iA<»olu*
jTruant
• S;>ray .....
KmU ....
Arvturus ' .
M-rupe ...
May
k.-upid
N>r~u*
LSlellit
H. M. S. H. M. S.
12:54:25
0:08 .34 12:53:25
0:01:03 } 12:31:23
0:ftt:31 i;:3T:n2
0^51-33 \ 12:3S:1J
0:W.r) ! 12:31 :«
12:21.00
0:00:aO. 12:21 :»>
C^IliW 12:25:O)
G.-<3L:4J Il:^-.:<X>
........ ll:55:CO
11.55:00
0:C2:4* I2:*il:"2
«:«:<»
OiOO-*! 12:03:43
0:01.3 12:03:^)
&:C4:H 12:11:0c
UJXM
11:55:»_
H. M. S.
Z-M:Zi
3:12:12
3:H:47
3:05:10
ZM-.Vl
3:13:32
2:St:«
3:fl-»:31
3:1* :30
3:32:2«
3--<17:32
2:34 :W
2:21:23
2:21:00
2:23:19
»:40:»)
2.4S:33
2:17:11
H. M. S.
2:11:31
2:1S:47
2:23:22
2:2«^S
2:42:M
2:30:4:
2:33:31
2:53:30
J:12:32 '
2:39:»
2:13:33
5:19:00
2:21:27
2:37:10
2:33:35
2:U:;t
2:22:11
H. M. S.
'i";ii:ii
2:24 :2t»
2:24:37
2:2S:13 .
2:42:01
2:30:43
2:33:01
2:52:20
2:33:44
3:12:tt
• j:ii:43
!:13:0>J
2:20:43
2:33:37
2:34:21
• • v • • •. '•' Some of the distinguished members of the United
-.States.. Senate; .incline to the belief that ex-Senator
• Clark of Montana constituted little more than a diver
sion f6r the public. The gentlemen probably forget
that 'the public does not take kindly to an indecent
-exhibition. ••-
¦- 'A Detroit convention of ministers is convinced that
our solemn duty placed- upon us by the glorious prin
ciple of .expansion is to work toward that goal where
we will assimilate with our new oriental citizens. The
U:vjercnd.'- gentlemen ought to start the game with
•-themselves in Chinatown. They will find that there is
irtill -some' .enchantment in distance.
The Examiner has again indulged its hat It of steal
ing the news. With that effrontery which charactcYizes
a hardened thief the yellow sheet has stolen one of
the reports of the famous surgeon. Dr.' George F.'i
Shrady, who is in this city at the instance of the New'
York Herald, and The Call to' investigate, the plague
situation. While The Call does not sanction theft ir
congratulates the yellow kid on his ability to distin
guish that .which, is worth stealing.
What will be the effect of the retirement of a man
so much esteemed cannot be conjectured at this time.
The Ministry on the whole' is conservative and has
been wisely directed.; Public sentiment in France will
be opposed- to any change of administration until the
exposition is over. It is probable the feeling of con
servatism will be strong enough to support the Min
isters against any attack that may be made upon
them. Nevertheless it will be felt that a serious loss
has been inflicted upon the Government, and /the
opposition will be encouraged to be more violent
than ever in their assaults.
Whatever may be the cause of his retirement, the
old General goes out of office with a record of which
he may well be proud. When he entered the Min
istry of War the French army was involved in the
Dreyfus scandal, and it seemed as if the taint of dis
honor were upon the whole War Department ami
general staff. He was unknown to politics, but from
his social pqsition and his character it was supposed
he would uphold the clique that was seeking the de
struction of Dreyfus. It was announced at the time
that the Royalists and all the reactionary elements in
France were jubilant over his appointment. In a short
time, however, he proved himself to.be one 'of the
soldiers who maintain the best traditions of -French
honor. He stood impartial at the trial, and when the
end came he set about removing from the staff "all "who
were in any disgraceful way .involved in the scandal.
He promoted and honored such officers as oh the
witness-stand proved that their conception of military
discipline did not require them to be false to truth
and justice. His task was to dear the army' and
France of the' whole miserable Dreyfus affair, and
for a time it appeared that he had succeeded, but
now on a mean side issue growing out. of that scan^
dal he. falls before the assault of a mere dude.
WITH the retirement of General the Marquis de
Gallifet from the office of Minister of War
the Waldeck-Rousseau Ministry loses the one
man who gave it prestige in countries outside of
.France. Whatever view may have been taken of him
by his own countrymen and by the majority of the
Chamber of Deputies, the old General appeared to
those who study French politics from a distance to be
the one clear-headed, pure-hearted, strong man of
the Ministry. It was expected that he would carry
his weaker colleagues safely through all troubles that
might arise, and prevent any change in the Ministry
until the exposition closed, and now, as another illus
tration that it is always the unexpected that happens,
he is the first to break down before the attack of the
opposition and resign.
The retirement is the. more curious because from all
we can learn in the dispatches from Paris it was
caused by an attack led by Count Boni de Castellanc.
Here is a case where a soldier of undoubted courage,
a gentleman of the highest lineage, a man of stain
less reputation and a statesman enjoying the esteeni
of the world is beaten in a contest led ,by a young
man whose vanities have made him the laughing stock
of two continents. It is as if a lion had been driven
from his post by a lapdog. Of course there is some
motive' for Gallifet's action which has not been made
public. The explanation of ill health is not regarded
as sufficient even in Paris. Something is going on
of which the world can only conjecture the nature,
for it is certain Boni de Castellane must have had
potent forces back of him to enable him to start an
attack which would drive Gallifet from the Ministry.
THE MARQUIS DE GfJLLIFET.
Some features of the case arc especially interesting.
It is stated that in opening his account with the gns
company Bayer yielded to the customary extortion
of a deposit and placed with the company the sum of
$S. Last year the company presented Bayer with a
bill for $9 10, and Bayer offered in payment the cer
tificate of the deposit and $1 10 in coin. The com
pany refused the tender and shut off the gas. Bayer
then stood upon his legal right and gave the company
a written demand for gas. The company yielded.
The first bill presented to him was for $10 20, and
once more Bayer tendered the certificate of deposit of
$8 as a part of the payment. The company, perceiving
it was dealing with a man who knows his rights and 15
not afraid to defend them, surrendered and accepted
the pa3 r ment. Bayer, however, having been subjected
to annoyance- and damage by reason of the company's
illegal actions, sued for damages provided by the
State law, obtained a judgment in his favor from the
Justice Court, and the judgment, as we have said, has
now been confirmed by Judge Hebbard.
The case shows th.it if the people submit any longer
to the extortion of the gas company they will have
rone but themselves to blame. The law is on the
side of the public and the courts are ready to uphold
it. The fact that the company surrendered to Bayer
as soon as he asserted his rights is a proof that it has
learned a lesson from the campaign which The Call
started in the interests of the people. It will not fight
any one who has the manhood to fight back.\ Now
let all who have been subjected to the extortions of
the company follow the example which has been set
them, and the vast sum of money which the company
has exacted illegally from the public will be returned
to its rightful owners. > where it can be used iti # the
trade and industries of the city instead of serving the
extortionate company as a source of dishonest profit.
It is now evident that the fight made by The Call
for the rights of the people has had a good effect.
"Men who know their rights and knowing dare main
tain" are refusing to submit to the extortion. Judge
Hebbard has just decided in the case of F. J. Bayer
vs. the San Francisco Gas and Electric Company that
the plaintiff is entitled to receive a supply of gas
without making a deposit, and that the company in
• cutting off the gas supply of the plaintiff rendered it
self liable for damages, which in the # case before the
court were assessed at $20.
SOME time ago The Call in the performance oi
its duty to the public found it necessary to
point out the illegality of the action of the gas
company in compelling persons desiring the use of
gas to make a deposit with the company before it
would furnish the supply. Such deposits have been
literally extorted from the public, and in the aggre
gate constitute a large sum of which the company has
the use and from which it derives, a considerable
profit. Following the exposure of the fraud a test
case was brought. into the courts and judgment ob
tained against the company. An appeal was taken to
the Supreme Court, fcr the gas company, like other
corporations that practice extortions upon the pub
lic, will not surrender its illegal gains so long as it
can possibly retain them.
GflS COMPANY EXTORTION.
C^ ROM some, perverse motive the commissions
¦ appointed by Mayor Phelan to.adminster the
; .*' .'..¦: various departments of the city government have j
adopted a policy of holding executive sessions for the i
discussion of such municipal affairs as are under their
CDiJtrol. There is in this policy an evident desire to
the public the proceedings of the meeting, j
the practice be perrnitted to continue the peopis ;
:<jfSaii r Francisco will soon be unable to obtain any j
.ia fgrmatiq.il; concerning the work of municipal ad- j
ministration except that which the commissions are
Ajnlling/t^ TrJake known.'
There is oo; authority for the secrecy which has
been ! 'Syelj •¦hj'gh: •- universally adopted: The new charter
for good .reasons gives the Police Commission a
right to kfeep ¦;¦ its proceedings secret, where it be
lievis secrecy to be of advantage to the service and j
the public welfare, but no other commission has such
a right. It was the intention of the charter makers
that publicity' in the transaction of. public business,
which is essential to popular government, should be
maintained, • and accordingly they were careful to
specify, that the Police Commission only should have
the privilege of secrecy. . ¦ .
It can be easily "understood that there are many j
matters^ tinder police . supervision which should be I
kep^ ..secret, .but. :vhy should the Civil Service Com-
Jnis^ionV the Election. Commission and the Board oi
Education, .for example, hold secret meetings? All
the -busmes's which such commissions have to perform
is a matter of public concern, and should be con
.ducred :so openly that all citizens may know what is
being, done and why it is done. .'
•¦;: : lit: is: a -self-evident proposition that unless the
¦'•voters know. what the Commissioners are doing and
by what meihods. they" are carrying on the affairs of
thc.cjty intrusted to them it will be impossible for the
' voters.- to determine whether jgood or bad service is
'given, .whether, honesty; or. jobbery prevails in the
eomrnissior.. Nor is.it to be forgotten that a resort
: to secret .sessions raises a suspicion that there is some
~thifig:the commission desires to hide from the public.
.. jf all be.' square and honest, why should not all be
. -open. .and above, board?
:¦:.. The issue is.'onc oT importance. Possibly and even
probably up to .this time no corrupt scheme has been
concocted in secret session by any of the commissions,
but it is nevertheless true that secrecy gives an oppor
tunity for corruption and affords a temptation to it.
The people have a right to know what the commis
sions are doing, and it is the duty of the press to'
guard that right. The sooner; therefore, the practice
of meeting in executive session and concealing from
the public what is done and said about public bust
ness is abandoned the better it will be for the com
missions themselves, for if once popular suspicion of
wrongdoing be aroused it will not be easilv allayed
HroiNG FROM THE PUBLIC.
THURSDAY. MAY 31. 1900
;.:<>; ; :V' ; -..JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
; Address ATI. .Communica'ions to W. S. LEAKE, Manafer.
PL'BLICATIOX OFFICE.. Market nni Third. S. F.
- '.: ¦".•":¦: .-- f •. ." Telephone Main 1SGS.
EDITORIAL : ROOMS. .. .217 to 221 Stevenson St..
...•;; . -. .Telephone Main 1874.
Deilrered by Carriers. IB Cenli Per Week.
- . . •¦"'• -. Slna-le Caplen. O Cent«.
-'¦:"¦-: '¦.¦Tertn* by Mall. Including PoataRet
DAILT CALL, (including Sunday), one year W-CO
DAILT CAJX (Jncludinc Suniay). 6 months »¦<»
DAILT CALL. (Including Sunday). 8 month* l-W
I3A.TL.T CAX£r-By Sl&gie Month «¦«
fiUKDAT CALL. One Te*r.; "IS
WEEKLY CALL, One l>*r - LOT
.All noatmaBtem are natuorlzed to receive
¦ ¦¦.:.¦¦: :¦¦:¦¦'.. ¦nb«crlptlon«.
i •-. ;¦-. /Eia^ple cccles will be forwarded when reaueoted.
OAKLAND - OFFICE. HIS Broadway
: .¦¦ : . : r : '-: ' ¦;[ C GEORGE' KROGNtSS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building. Chicago.
• ¦•:". (Lts-£ Distance Telephone "Central 2819.")
• ¦- ."¦¦ ¦ ICETW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
NEW YORK. RErRESEXT ATI VE :
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bidding
CHICAGO NTTWE STANDS:
Rieroaa Hew; P. O. K»wi Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
F'retaoQt Uccse; AuOltorium Hotel.
NEW TORE NTTWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, Si Union Square ;
Msrray Hill HoteL
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hcto
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRASCHOWCES-CI Monttomery. corner at Clay, optn
until 9:39 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until »:S0 o'cl.xrk. 633
HcAIU^UT. open until S:30 o'clock. €15 Larkin, open until
J:30 o'ctrjck. 1941 Micsion. open ustil 10 o'closk. 22S1 Market,
corner SJrteenth, cp^n -until 9 o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
until f o'clock. 1(* EleTenth. open until S o'clock. NW cor
ner Twenty -«?cona and Kentucky, open until S o'clock.
has already cost the city a considerable sum in the loss of trade arj d business, and before
the alarm dies away it will cost the city and the State together a loss more than sufficient
to pay for Chinatown twice over. •
It will be economy to destroy Chinatown, but of far more value than economy is the
supreme consideration of human life. It is in the name of humanity itself that science de
mands the destruction of the pestilential quarter. • The issue is not Qne for discussion, but
for action. There cannot be two sides to such a question. Clear the foul spot from San
Francisco and give the debris to the flames. >
DR. SHRADY'S signed statement, which we publish in full this morning, gives to
the people of San Francisco:the information that while no living case of bubonic
*<.*v plague is known to be in Chinatown, yet a corpse has been discovered in which
evidences of the disease are manifest. It further makes' known the fact that there is
nothing in the situation to justify a panic, but that the conditions are such as to impose
upon San Francisco as an imperative duty the thorough cleansing of the plague spot, even
if it have to be done by fire. . .
The words of Dr. Shrady should be (impressed deeply into the mind of every citizen.
He speaks with the authority of a well-won eminence in science, and with no other pur
pose than that of guarding the interests of the city and of humanity. He says:
"What seems to be necessary for San Francisco to do at the present juncture is to
empower the health authorities to draw the fire lines, so to speak, round the infected
buildings. Empty every infected house of its inhabitants. Keep the tenants in quaran
tine in some safe place, some house of detention, until all clanger from the disease with
them is passed. Then as to the house, let it be thoroughly disinfected that there shall be
no chance of any infection remaining. If that be impossible, then resort- to the radical
measure of burning. I believe the safest thing to do with any infected house is to take no
chance short of the firebrand. It may cost money, but what is money against human j
Such is the counsel science gives. What response shall San Francisco make to the
demand upon her? We. believe there will be but one answer: Clean out Chinatown,
clean it out thoroughly, remove the plague spot from the city, leave not qne of its foul
buildings standing, nor one of its dark, dirty, underground passages unclosed. Purify the
spot by destroying every Chinese habitation upon it.
The work which San Francisco is thus called upon to do is one that should have been
done long ago. Other cities in the United States and in Europe have cleared out their
slums by removing the disease infected structures that stood upon them. What we have
to do is, then, nothing extraordinary in the history of sanitary improvement. We have
only to follow the teaching of science.
In no city in the civilized world is there a slum more foul or more menacing than
that which now threatens us with the Asiatic plague. Chinatown occupies the very heart
of San Francisco. It i/a bit of the most degraded Asiatic filth set in the centey>f a city
of Western civilization. At best it has been a disgrace to the municipality and a source of
wonderment to travelers that it should be tolerated. * So long as it stands so long will
there be a menace of the appearance in San Francisco of every form of disease, plague
and pestilence which Asiatic filth and vice generate. The. only way to get rid of that
menace is to eradicate Chinatown from the city, and see to : it that in whatever quarters
the Chinese, take up hereafter they live above ground, in clean nouses, and with some re
spect for sanitary laws. f
To destroy Chinatown will of course cost money, but to permit it to remain will cost
more. The scare which now prevails over the discovery of a few sporadic cases of plague
CLEAN OUT CHINATOWN.
AT. THE MINT— W. F. J.. City. The
mints of the United States will receive
gold and convert the same Into coin.
There is placed In the coins a small
amount of afloy to harden the pure rr.Ptal.
If a man is foolish enough to -wish to de
stroy United States coin that belong3 to
himself he may do so, as it is his own
property; but if he defaces it or debases
it with Intent to pass it as current coin
he commits a crime.
FIRST PLAY-II. G. T.. Uklah. Cal. An
author ts paid for his first play provided
it is & success. What the pay wouUl
be ia a matter of arrangement between
the author and the manager of the the
ater at which it Is produced.
PATEXT RIGHTS— C. B. A.. City. If
you have obtained a patent for a machine
and parties have been manufacturing the
machine. Ignoring you. your remedv is by
commencing civil action against the par
ties.
VETERINART-A. H. C. San Mateo.
Cal. This department cannot advertise
colleges that give Instruction in th? vet
erinary line. Any veterinary surgeon will
direct you to such a place.
CEMEXT-J. F. II.. Eakersfield. Ca!. If
you have mineral which you believe to be
cement send a sample to the State Min
eralogist at the State MInlns Bureau,
Ferry Building-, San Francisco.
FOR A TEXT ROOF-E. D. R.. City.
For such paint or varnish as you de<>lrn.
for rx tent roof vou should go to any 8rst
class palntstore. •
PAX-AMERICAN' — Several Readers.
City. "Pan" Is derived from the Gre«>k.
and means "all." Hence pan- American' i3
all American.
SIXGIXG VOICES— A. B. C. City. Act
ors and actresses do not, as a rule, have
singing voices.
ANSWERS TO COREESPONDZNTS.
Henry Austin Adams, the distinguished
orator, will deliver his last lecture !n thla
city to-night at Metropolitan Temple
Kev. Peter C. Torke will preside and will
address the audience. As both addressos
will be lengtlTy. the programme will com
mence punctually at S o'clock.
Father Yorke Will Preside.
An old custom applies the name of gym
nasium to the school. What is true, of "the
body is true of the mind. There is a
training for the mind and It Is the Fame
for all. The reason must be trained to
think aright, the will must be trained to
choose aright, the imagination must be ;
informed, excited or controlled. When
men have the power of reasoning correct
ly. When they have the knowledge of the
ideal and the habitual of aiming at it.
when they can express themselves with
a certain propriety and elegance, then
they are educated. Education is not what
they know.' but what they have the, power
to know; not, what they do; but what they
are able to/do. Education, therefore. Is
all round and symmetrical. To train the;
reason and neglect the will Is not educa
1 tion and a university that 13 compelled, to
set aside that ancient and only efficacious
training of the will, namely, the inculca
tion, of a definite religious belief, is de
prlved;of half Its power.- A- -university
that will : not teach Its students how to
think, and teach them how-to think itcan
not. without Is not a untver
sity at;all.';. It may have 500 professors and
as many courses, but it is not educating
those who come to Its halls. • ¦ *
i Just ?! the gefleral tracing Sfrtjffijggy,-
tion, but so develop them that when they ,
do go into action they may go in at a
maximum of efficiency. Is a prize-fighter
trained by being always in the ring fac
ing his opponent? Are there not a hun
dred things which he and his opponent
must do which seem to have no bearing
on boxing— a hundred things *rom which
they must retrain, a hundred things
which they must suffer? Is not rest, is ,
not sleep as important to them as action?
They have certain physical powers, and
these physical powers are developed by
a wide and varied course of training In
"fcrder that at the proper occasion they
may have the ability to concentrate them
all on the one object.
Action is the worst possible criterion of
education. Why are children who are
sent to work too early stunted as to their
bodies? Why do plants which are forced
to unnatural activity lose their vitality?
Why does the field that never lies fallow
degenerate into a worn-out waste, breed
ing but thorns? There must be power
before there is action. All action exhausts
power, but premature action cramps it,
forced action blights it and unresting ac
tion destroys 1t.
True education does not consist in get
ting students to do things. Above all
true education does not consist in driving
students before their time into special
studies. The pigeon-hole system of edu
cation is the bane of our under-graduate
universities. All specialties narrow the
mind. If we go on di%iding and sub
dividing groups of studies at our present
rate of progress a new poet may arise, to
whom the exemplar of all narrowness
will not be the man with the hoe. but the
man of one book. We take a boy from
the grammar school and send him to a
special course at the "Great Universities.
He goes In for mining. He learns the
Greek names of a lot of rocks and several
methods for breaking them up and finding
out what is in them. It is true that
Greek names look more learned than the
plain monosyllables by which the farmer
designates the different' kinds of son on
his ranch, and chemical formula are more
imposing than the rule of thumb methods
by which the same farmer mixes his ma
nures: but between the two kinds of in
formation there is no real difference, and
one is of as much value as the other for
educative purposes. There is a difference,
of course, in the man. The farmer may
not be educated, and he knows that such
knowledge as he has does not make him
educated. The college boy may not be
educated, but. unfortunately, he thinks he;
Is. We have no right to do these things.
We have no right to constrict the minds
of youth as Chinese women do their
daughters' feet or Flathead Indians
their sons' skulls. It is a crime to de
ceive the young. There are "great In
stitutions which line up boys ami girls
and dose them with instruction in this and ,
instruction in that, and then say to them.
"Go out into the world: behold, ye are
educated." And God help them. They are
no more educated than the yokel who sits
on the fence is conversant with the man
ners and customs of every cow under the
jurisdiction, or the observant lad who
knows where, with a hfnt p!n and a piece
of thread, he can land twenty-one differ
ent kinds of fish of a forenoon.
All men are alike and all men are dif
ferent. The two propositions are true, but
not under the same respect. All mm are
alike physically because each Is built on
the same plan and like Shakespeare's
Jew, "fed with the same food, hurt with
the same weapons, subject to the same
diseases, healed by the same means.
warnnid and cooled by the same winter
and summer." All men are alike mentally
because their souls are created In the
same Image and likeness. Fundamentally
they think alike, will alike, plan alike,
dream' alike, just as they grow alike,
walk alike, .sleep alike or digest alike.
Men differ one from the other, but they
differ because they agree. One man has
blue eyes. another black, but both have
eyes. One man is slow of thought, another
nimble, but both think. Now in training
the body we do not begin by emphasizing
the accidental differences. A certain boy
may be weaker in his arms -than the nor
mal, another in his legs. We give both
special exercise to bring them up to the
standard, but we don't believe that the
one Is all arms or the other all legs. The
training of the body is the, same , for all
because the bodies of all are the same. In
later life a man may make a specialty of
exercises which demand a muscular torso
or good calves, but whether he is to be a
baggage smasher or a bicycle rider his
general training is one and the game.
More than that the moment he Degins to
specialize he has to fight the tendency to
deterioration experienced by the unused
organs. If he has been thoroughly de
veloped before taking to a particular kind
of exertion it will be easy for him to keep
himself in good all-round condition. If he
specialized -while he was immature he can
never be other than lopsided.
<,.„.,„ P. C. YORKE.
St. Peter's. San Francisco, May 30, 1900.
must go on during the plastic period and
continue until that period \s past, so the
general training of the mind must go on
duringxhe period of mental development
and continue until the intellectual powers
reach those symmetrical proportions,
which provide against future lopsided-,
ness. With all respect to Dr. Jordan,
that period Is not reached by the sopho
more. It Is a question if it is reached by
the graduates. Therefore the coltega
course is short enough for ! the general
training and the general training does not
require divergence to professional work
and a multitude cf special Instructors.
Hence Dr. Jordan's claim that the college
education given in Stanford University is
superior to the education given in the
b mailer colleges because Stanford can af
ford to have more professors is as rea
sonable as th9 claim that the plain bread I
buy in a bakery is worse than the same
bread bought at a confectioner's, whero
they sell also candy and ice cream.
A university is not a department stor».
It must have its professional schools, but
Its real work is dona not there, but in arts.
One can get a professional education any
where. One can get a college education
only at college. To sav that the col.'ego
education given at Stanford is better than
the college education given at St. Mary's,
because Stanford has professional schools
and St. Mary's has rone. Is claiming credit
under false pretenses. Yet this ia pre
cisely what not only Stanford, but all th«»
so-called great universities, are «!oinsr as
regards the smaller colleges. The elairti
may not be made in so manv words
though the report of Dr. Jordan's talk on,
"The Higher Education of the Pacific
Coast" comes very near it. In his Sun
day interview he asserts that the large
universities "have many students because
they meet the needs of many." If the
large, universities obtain many college
students because they have many profes
sional schools they are deceiving the pub
lic. As a protest against that deception
I spoke at St. Mary's, for I believe It is-
Injurious to the interests of true education
and the common good. Tours truly.
THE REV. PETER C. YORKE.
ff F I understand Dr. Jordan aright he
takes It for granted that Berkeley and
jj Stanford are institutions of the higher
learning and that the smaller colleges
are smaller not only In the number of
their students but In the character of the
education they give. While he differs
from President Harper In matters of de
tail, he appears to accept the Idea under
lying the Chicago plan, namely, that in
some way the smaller * colleges gave an
inferior brand of education. He hints
that they do not perform what they pro
fess to perform and that the cause of this
lack of performance is want of means.
In dlscussingfXthis subject, it may be
well for the present to leave Berkeley out
of the question. It is the State Univer
sity, and perhaps as the State University
it may have advantages not enjoyed by
private corporations. Let us consider the
case of Stanford. Stanford University is
a private institution or college. .It stands
before the "people on precisely the same
level as St. Slm-y's College or the Univer
sity of the Pacific. This truth is ob
scured' by the size of Stanford and by the
ability and agility of Dr.' Jordan. Never
theless the fact remains: Stanford is in
the eyes of the State entitled to no more
rights or privileges than, for Instance, St.
Peter's parochial schools.
Hence if Stanford possesses any supe
riority over the smaller colleges that su
periority must arise either, because it is
bigger', or because it has better profes
sors, or because it gives more efficient
teaching, or because it teaches more sub
jects. . .
As to the first element, 1 am glad that
both President Jordan and Professor
Wheeler are convinced that there is no
virtue in mere bigness. It is a consola
tion to know that they are not enrolled
in the ranks of those who estimate every
thing-by size. Of course I said nothing
about a university "which would measure
God's mercy on a yard of stick." I did
not say something about a university that
would value education by . weights and
measures. There are Philistines who Im
agine that a big salary, a big building
and a big crowd make a big school. The
implied sneer in the terms "smaller col
leges" and "great universities" belongs to
their habit of speech.
As to the second elemept, it remains to
be proved that Stanford has better pro
fessors than the other colleges. I have no
desire to say a word derogatory of the
gentlemen who teach tit Palo Alto, but
they will be the first to admit that there
must be among them, as in every other
body, members good, members bad and
members indifferent. Up to the present
their work has not been such as to en
title them to any particular pre-eminence
among the other professors of California.
Of course I mean real work; not drum
whacking. .. . .
Moreover, I am not aware that the
method of appointing professors in Stan
ford is such as to guarantee that they
must be "real teachers." Dr. Jordan
waxes indignant at the at.tempt of cer
tain persons "to put" their own relatives
or dependents into places designed for
"real teachers." How In the name of
goodness are teachers appointed in our
two "Great Universities?" Is it not by in
fluence? Is it not by recommenda
tion? Is it not, in plain Anglo-baxon.
bv pull? I cannot see the slightest differ
ence In kind between the system of ob
taining lucrative employment in vogue
amons the "better classes" and the way
the "push" gets on to a fat job. There
is a difference in name, it is true, lhe
child of nature revels in metaphors sug
gestive of horse power and pile drivers.
The college president uses a more dlgnr
tied terminology, but he gets there all the
same. ¦
Indeed, if we are to look to antecedent
probabilities, it is far more likely that
St. Mary's College, for instance, has the
superior staff. These brothers teach not
for the salary, but because they have a.
vocation to teach. That vocation is so
strong that they give up home ties and
associations, the comforts of life ana its
ambitions in order to follow It, and It
seems to me that a man's estimate of
anything is to be judged not from what
he gains by it, but Irom what he is will
ing to sacrifice for it. I do not mean to
say that vocation alone, or good will or
devotion will make the teacher, because
these things do not give brains and train
ing; but brains and training being sup
posed, a teacher of the type of the Chris
tian Brother stands head and shoulders
above the teacher of the type employed
In our "Great Universities."
As to the third element, it can be proved
by facts that the smaller colleges give as
efficient teaching as Stanford, for exam
ple. AVe can stand on the record. The
biggest men in California in every walk
of life are graduates of the small colleges.
It is not necessary to name names. Kv
ervbody knows the facts. A- college Is a
means to an end. A professor exists for
his students, not for himself. A fair test
of a professor, therefore, is the result of
his teaching as exemplified in the careers
of his pupils. I do not deny thai ill re-
EUltS sometimes follow the be.=t of . meth
ods. But I am dealing with the normal,
not with the odd. The record of the grad
uates, say of St. Mary's College, is the
best testimony of the efficiency of St.
Mary's College teaching.
As to the fourth element, the apprecia
tion of its value depends entirely on
•what we mean by education and on our
conception of the functions 'of a teaching
body. Dr. Jordan believes that a univer
sity is "a place where. a man can get in
struction in anything." Therefore it fol
lows to him that the more kinds of in-:
struction are given the bigger and better
the university," His criterion of educa
tion is the amount of instruction a man
can swallow, and any one kind of instruc
tion is as good as any other kind. He
"botanv is as noble • a study as
Greek"; "it "is Intellectually more profit
able to study Greek ten years than to
study ten languages one year each"; "a
thorough electrician is better educated
than a quack doctor, preacher or profes
sor." ' Hence • it naturally follows that
Stanford is superior to St. Mary's be
cause there are more professors in Stan
ford and the Stanford student, can be
stuffed earlier with Information and with
more variety. Says Dr. Jordan: "By the
time he is in his sophomore year the stu
dent ought to diverge toward his profes
sional worR. To enable him to do this re
quires a great teaching force; something
the smaller college cannot possess." Dr.
Jordan /believes in specializing the
studies thus early because according to
him knowledge is valuable only as it is
transformed Into action. "Whatever we
know " he says, "should be worked over
into action." The American university, in
his mind, is superior to German thorough
ness and English culture precisely be
cause the American university leads on
to work. It Is interesting as an index of
Dr. Jordan's habits of thought that there
are no European systems of education
worth mentioning save the English and
the German. ¦•
Dr.- Jordan s Ideal of education seems
to ' me - to be raw, crude, shallow and
ineffectual. You might as well say that
a steam engine blowing its whistle is a
better engine than another at rest.
There is a difference between power and
action, - and the end of-, education is not
action, but power.
Dr. Jordan s use of the word education
is on all fours with, the popular appli
cation of the term to that deeply interest
ing animal of our youngrer days, the
educated pig. You can take dogs, mon
keys, horses, parrots— and I suppose even
the Belgian hare— and teach them tricks
without number. These tricks are so
complicated, they are carried out with
such accuracy, they are performed with
such apparent spontaneity, ; that we feel
.ashamed to deny the clever performers
(the use of reason. Yet they are as much
puppets as the wooden dolls worked by
wires, except that the trainer uses the
living wires, the nerves that lead to the
stomach, and the nerves that carry sen
sation from the skin. Man is a beast, but
he Is more. He may be taught as manv
tricks as a monkey, but education does
not consist in teaching him tricks. in
struction is ' not education. Information
is not learning. Botany is not as noble
a study, as Greek. It may not be intel
lectually more profitable .to study Greek
ten years than to study ten languages one
year each. A thorough electrician may
not be as .well educated as a quack doc
tor. A thorough electrician may be Ju3t
as well - educated as a thorough brick
laver or a thorough cleaner of sewers.
¦ ilan has certain , mental faculties or
powers born. in. him, and 4 the end of edu
cation is not to put these powers Into ac-
Being the first of three articles written for The Call by the pastor of St. .Peter's
parish in restatement of his argument before St. Mary's College graduates to the effect
that a deliberate attempt is being made to create a monopoly in education in this State.
THE REV. PETER C. YORKE
THE SMALLER COLLEGES.
THE FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 31, 1900.
Since. Mayor Phehn lias.honqrcd us by thrusting
his victorious pen into the arena of literature it might
not be unwise for his Honor to consider what he is
eminently qualified to discuss — the scientific problem:
of how it feels to suffer from a total 'eclipse.'.
' The "boxers" of California must feel a certain kind
ly interest in the "boxers" of China. Both are very
well aware that they are obnoxious to the public and
bnth arc under the ban of official displeasure
•The. industrious 1 correspondents are planning an
other, war between Russia and japan. The story has
been 4old so often that it does not now possess even
the interest of a clever fiction.
The old adage that there is luck in numbers must
appeal to Lord Roberts with peculiar meaning/ He
has entered the Transvaal with a force ten times as
great as the gallant foe he must meet.
Since Mayor Phelan's scheme to divert* the lodge
at Golden Gate Park from its legitimate purposes has
been defeated his Honor might favor the city by con
tributing to some other public institution the little
library in which, as The Call has already indicated;
he is personally concerned.
6
Like Iron.
"There's a suit, my friend." said tha
dealer, "that will wear like Iron."
"I sruess that feller was no liar," aaii
the victim two -weeks after. "The suit ia
rusty already." — Indianapolis Press.
Sepublican Delegates Choose Their
Route.
The California .delegate* to the Republican
National Convention at Philadelphia have an-
nounced a» the official route the Central Pa-
cific. Union Pacific and Chicago and North-
western railways, and will leave San Fr»n-
ctsccrJune 12 at 10 a. m. on the "Overland
Limited," the ©4- hour flyer to Chicago. Th*
round-trip rate of $83 50 is open to all. D. W.
Hitchcock. General AeentfT Union Pacific. I
Montgomery »tre-t. Ban FrancJ»co.
No well regulated household *hould b« with-
out a bottle of Dr.'Sleserfs Ansostura Blttera,
the celebrated ajpstlacr.
Special - Information supplied dally t">
business houses and public men by tfca
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> atTownsend's.*
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "A IJacieWf Romance.**
Tivoll— "The Thrt>*> Guardsmen."
Grand Oj>era-house— "ltil."
Alcazar — "A Superfluous Husband.**
Orj:h<>um — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "When We Wpre Twenty-one."
Olytnpla. corner &!a*on and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Tbeater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
tveRis*.
Fischer** "L/ucia" and "Huguenole."
:_ • Butn> J3aths-^-Open nichts. ¦ iTHEOPHILE GARMER
MISSING FROM HOME
Had Become, Melancholy and Flighty
Since He Recovered From Dan
gerous Sickness.
Leon Gustave Gamier of 521 Pine street
called at the Coroner's offlce yesterday
afternoon and reported his brother, Theo
phile Elliacln Gamier, missing.
Theophile had recently recovered from
a severe attack of typhoid fever and be
came very melancholy. At times he did
not appear to be perfectly sane, fte bor
rowed 30 cents from his brother last Mori
day morning and that was the last seen
or heard of him.
The missing man is about 5 feet 9 inches
tall. 150 pounds weisrht and has black
eyes, hair and mustache and dark com
plexion. Ite wore a white Fedora hat and
a dark blue suit of clothes.
Always Use Platt's Chlorides
for household disinfection. You will lfkeit*
Settlers in Siberia along the new rail
road are buying their agricultural and
other machinery in the United States.
Jack Feymour and Joe Keating had a
race around the French cniiser Protet
The British steamer Victoria is to have
a 'new thrust shaft put in by the RIsdon
Iron Works. This make3 the third shaft
inside, of a year. When half way from
here to Manila the Victoria's thrust shaft
broke and after much trouble she reached
Guam. From there she was towed to
Manila and from Manila to Hongkong:..
At Hongkong a new shalt was put in, but
on the way to Nagasaki it cracked and a
new one had to be, secured there. On the
way to San Francfsco the Nagasaki shaft
cracked and now the Bisdon is going to
put a third one In. .*'¦.
A party of Mint employes, headed by ex-
Harbor Commissioner Dan T. Cole, mad©
an excursion around the bay on the tug
Governor Markham yesterday. The party
had . a most enjoyable time.
Serjeant T-om Mahoney of the Harbor
Police says that in twenty years he has
never seen the travel across the bay as
heavy as it was yesterday morning. Be
tween the hours of 8 and 10 a. m. it was
impossible for a vehicle to cross Market
on East street and two or three times the
Sacrament o-strcet cars were blockaded.
There war. an extra boat on both the
Sausalito and Tlburon runs, but still they
could not handle the crowd fast enough to
relieve the congestion. There were eight
picnics across the bay yesterday and the
excursions to the grounds were nearly all
billed to leave the ferries at' the same
hom. This fact accounted for the rush.
Water Front Notes.
Alaska in 1S94. He and a party -went
rioith in the-^chooner Golden Gate and lo
cated a number of claims. They still
hold them and Richardson is taking a
number of miners north with him to work
the locations.
The Julia K. Whalen came herefrom New
Tork with a party of gold hunters during
the Klondike excitement. Now another
party has lilted her oyt and will sail her
to Nome. • • • ; &¦: *•
yesterday which Seymour won. but was
disqualified for using his oars. The boya
at Henry Peterson's put up a Job on Sey
mour by fastening an empty gallon to
mato can to the lower gudgeon of tha
tiller. A good breeze was blowing, but in.
spite of all sail Seymour's boat was prac
tically anchored for nearly five minutea.
Then the can fell off ancT the Whitehall
went away like a streak. Keating and
his boat were caught in the home run. but
when near the winning post Seymour low
ered his sail and rowed in. For that hn
was disqualified. The race will be sailed
over again to-day.
Like most men who follow the sea Mur
ray bore many tattoo marks. One of these
was peculiarly conspicuous; It being a star
on his forehead. This prominent mark of
identification caused .him to be remem
bered by sailors in every clime where he
had boen. even those who did not know
his name bearing remembrance of him be
cause of this unusual and prominent tat
tooing. • .:r
The investigations of Chief Deputy Cor
oner MeCormick and Deputy Smith indi
cate that Murray met his 'death by acci
dent. He came home Tuesday evening at
S o'clock --and reminded Mrs. .Stanton of
her engagement with him to 'visit, her
mother's grave the nexl day. After a
pleasant good-night Murray went to his
room. At 11 o'clock both Mrs. Stanton
and her husband, who is a clerk in the
health office, observed a light in his room.
They presumed he was reading, which
was correct, as a novel was found on a
chair In his apartment when his death
was discovered at 7:30 o'clock yesterday
morning by Mrs. Stanton, who detected
the odor of gas, and' on opening the door
of Murray's room was horrified to see
him lying dead in his bed. The stop cock
of the pas fixture was turned half on.
• Murray had beer» in the navy for over
twenty years. I# was on the Concord
and Yorktown and had but recently left
the service. He had applied.' however, for
rt'-onlistrhfnt. Little is known of the dead
man's family connections. He had in
formed Mrs. Stantfin that he had a sister.
Unless the naval authorities take charge
of the remains they will be given burial
by Mr. and Mrs. Stanton.
THOMAS MURRAY, a seaman of
Dewey's r.ret during the battle of
Manila Bay. was accidentally as
phyxiated by f«capinc gas Tuesday
night In his room at 1745 Buchanan street.
Murray was found dtad In his bed yes
terday morning by Mr.«. Frank Stanton,
with whom he had mad-, his home while
in the city for severaJ years past. The
body was taken to the Morgue.
THOMAS MURRAY.
. After leaving here for Cape Nome direct
on May 21 the Zealandia ran into. a north
wester that tried her weatherly dualities
and gave the 750 gold hunters aboard an i
Idea of what heavy weather is like. Cap
tain Dowdell must have heaved his ship
to soon after leaving port, as on May 21
she < was - only . 300 miles off Crescent City.
¦ The schooner Sadie arrived at Umpqua
on May- 25, and Captain Smith reports to
the Merchants* Exchange that "in latitude
41 degrees 40 minutes north, longitude 131
degrees 10 minutes west, we spoke the
steamer Zealandia, bound for Nome. Shev
crossed our bows -about 150 yards away
and Captain Dowdell asked to be reported
'all well.' The steamer was plunging into
it, bows under, but the passengers were
In the rigging and 'on the hurricane deck,
cheering: and waving their hats to us."
' Captain 'Jepsen of the Queen says that
onco • Umpqua war passed the Zealandia
must have run iu:o a. southeaster that
would carry ber Nomeward at the rate of
twenty knots an hour. All the way from
Flattery to Crescent City the Queen hart
to • buck a southeaster and during . that
time the steamer only averaged about six
knots an hour. Once Crescent City was
passed the wind chopped around to the
northwest and the Queen came racing
down before it. A circular storm is rag-
Ing off the coast and the Zealandia is now
getting the end of It, which helps her
along, but delayed the Queen. '
They Sailed for Nome. *
The steamer Noyo with 110 passengers
and the schooner (Julia E. Whalen with
twenty 1 ; passengers aboard got away for
Cape "Nome yesterday. The Noyo also
took away thirty-six horses, which will be
used by . the Kimball. Company in the
lighterage: business at No^ie. - George
Richardson, the well-known Native Son,
is* the '.purser, of ; the Noyo. He is really
the pioneer, in 'Alaska/ boach raining, as he
jpaidhia first visit in search of cold to
Zealandia. in a Storm.'
The Gaelic brings the news that the
bark John C. Potter went on a sandsplt
when entering Kihei, but was towed pff
by i the steamer Claudine. The John C.
Potter" was on her way from Newcastle,
N. >S. W., with a cargo of coal for the
Kihei plantation. While beating her way
In through the passage the wind died out
and she drifted ashore. From /last ac
counts she was leaking, and will probably
come here in ballast for an overhauling.
John C. Potter in Trouble.
The Gaelic arrived from the Orient via
Honolulu early yesterday morning with
seventy cabin passengers, one Chinese
and one European in the second cabin,
and 25 Japanese, 14 Koreans and 437 Chi
nese in the steerage.. Among the cargo
were twenty-three packages of treasure
valued at $G50,000. Tha cabin passengers
were landed about 10 a. m., but the ship
will not be released until to-day. Those
who came up in the Gaelic's cabin are:
Mrs. S. Atherton. Miss Allan, P. Crlghton,
C. A. Brown, F. W. Glade, S. A. Hunling
ton, J. E. Hay. J. C. Holberton, F. Lan
sen, O. Nouhaus. F. Rpville, Miss L. Swen
son. Miss Atherton, Miss A. Byan, B. L.
Witts, G. Coutts, Charles Bradley, Mrs.
F. W. Glade, Mrs. J. W. Hall. Mrs. J. E.
Hay, B. Ishiwaian, Mrs. F. Lansen, Felix
Seyfesru J. Orange, J. Stern, W. H. Wood.
C. C. Carpenter, wife and daughter; Miss
J. Chrtstensen, Mrs. E. F. Fenollosa, Mr.
and Mrs. J. W. Hussey, Rev. C. A. Nelson,
wife and child; Rev. F. M. Royall, wife
and child; O. P. Schumacher and wife,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Van Aalsh, M. Schroeder,
Miss D. Atherton, Miss Ruth Adams. S.
W.- Barnaby. A. M. Drall, Roberta-Baker.
W. J. Gorham, F. W. Bosworth, D. Gil
christ, Captain J. H. D. Houston, Mrs.
A. M. Drake. F. T. Gaul, S. G: Hill, J. de
Lapeynelr. W. D. Little. R. Kelly, Dr. E.
R. Magnus. Mrs. J. M. Ranger, Miss Rod
man. W. E. Sargood. Captain R. Tanera,
Alex Zeh. W. M. Wixton, S. H. Whit
brand and Tan Plnfhim.
W. S. Chance and Andrew Smith are
special custom-house agents, who are
going to Honolulu to reorganize the cus
toms service in the Islands. Mr. Chance
intends making a lengthy stay in the
group and is accompanied by his wife and
child. R. S. Moore is secretary of the
'Rlsdon Iron Works, and is going to Honor
lulu in connection with a machine-shop
that is being established there. Captain
C. . Capilos also went down on the Aus
tralia. In connection with George. Ly
curgus he Is going to open a large restau
rant in Honolulu. He is taking down with
him over 55000 worth of silverware and
delicacies, besides a French chef who Is
warranted to prepare dishes that will
tickle the palate of the Hawaiian four
hundred. . •
Those who went away in the cabin of
the Australia are: W. G. Ashley, H. G.
Baker, J. Beeman, F. J. Berry, Miss E.
C., Chaff ey, W. S. Chance, wife and child;
Mrs. George Cole, C. H. Cooke and wife.
Miss T. Degemeyer, Miss Clara Dekum,
T. A. Donlan, George D. Dornin, Mrs.
Lulu T. Ellis, M. H. Flint. L. Griffith,
Mrs. SI. Graves, T. E. Hobbs. Mrs. "W. II.
Hoogs and two children, S. L. Hyman, S.
C. Irving, M. F. Lucas, C. F. Mason, C.
Matheson, Miss C. E. McCall, Mrs. M. J.
McKenzie, R. S. Moore, Isaac Noar, A. C.
Paulsmeir, R. C. L. Perkins. J. S. V.
Pletts, P. Schneider/Andrew Smith, Mrs.
F. 0. Sodergren, George F. Smith and
wife, "W. W. Thayer, H. B. Thomas, H. W.
Thomas, Mrs. C. . B. Wells. Miss Wells,
Miss C. West. X. H. William's and Alex
Young.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mall
steamer Australia sailed for Honolulu yes
terday. Bhe took away an unusually val
uable cargo and a big crowd of passen
gers. Not another ounce of freight could
be got aboard the, vessel and a consider-,
able quantity that came down at the last
moment had to be left behind. ¦
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
>
Australia Sails for Hawaii.
Gaelic Arrives From
the Orient.
Another Horde of Chinese, Japanese
and Koreans Now in Port — Steam
ship Zealandia Buns Into
Heavy Storm.
I only be solved upon its dismemberment.
Every official when he takes his office has
in view the object of making what he can
out of his position. He steals the taxes
of the poor and hence the common people
are always kept in poverty."
COMES FROM
STRONGHOLD OF
WARRING BOXERS
Rev. P. M. Royall, a Mission
ary, Arrives From Shan
tung, China.
Says the Hatchetmen Are Determined
to Wreak Vengeance on All For
eigners — Were Formerly
Peaceful. . .7 •
Rev. F. M. Royall, a Baptist missionary,
who has been in China for the past seven
years, arrived in this city with his wife
and child on the Gaelic yesterday and' is
registered at the Russ House. Rev. Mr.
Royall's missionary work was confined to
the province of Shantung, situated about
eighty miles from the headquarters of the
Boxers, who have been terrorizing the
country for the past two or three months
and who are now reported to be marching
on Peking. He says the trouble with the
Boxers commenced last summer and that
since that time they have become very ag
gressive. When he left Shanghai the gen
eral impression. was that they would over
run the country. At times they have mei
with repulses, as in the case of the at
tack on the Catholic village of Shantung,
but their large forcep are becoming the
cause of serious apprehension, especially
amonn the foreign element, against whom
they appear to exercise a decided an
tipathy.
••The Boxers are a society known as the
Ta-Tao Whey, which translated means'
'Great Knife Society,'" said Rev. Mr.
Royall last night. "Their organization
was perfected long ago. but until recent
ly they never caused trouble or committed
depredations. Their first acts of violence
commenced when they attacked the
Catholic missionaries. An effort to sup
press them only served to turn them
against all foreigners and now vengeance
is visited upon even the relatives anti
friends of 'foreign devils, as they term
invaders.
"We believed all the trouble had sub*
dued after the murder of Dr. Brooks, an
Episcopalian divine, in the Honan prov
ince last December. Several lawless acts,
committed afterward, aroused our sus
picions, but Just previous to my departure
the spirit of friendliness manifested on
the part of the Chinese led us to believe
that no more trouble would arise. I was
surprised when I read the papers upon my
arrival in this city and found that foreign
soldiers had ben caleld upon to protect the
various legations.
"Excitement ran high In the province of
Tai-an-Fu. after the i murder of Mr.
Brooks and detachments of native troops
were detailed to protect all strangers in
the country. The«e soldiers had received
foreign discipline and their methods' sur
priseid the lawless element. Officers would
escort foreigners about the streets and
chat with them. "While this was not in
accordance with the dignity of the Chinese
army, yet it had the effect of impressing
the Boxers with the fact that their acts
did not receive- the approbation of the
Chinese officials and that the soldiers were
there to afford protection to the foreign
ers., cost what it might.
"Some of the acts of violence were not
committed by the 'Great Knife Society."
but by members of a band of robbers,
whope home lay some distance to the east
of uf. There are many Chinese whose
lives are devoted to pillage and plunder
and who rob and steal even in their own
villape<«.
"The question of peace in China can
KILLED BY GAS
WHILE HE SLEPT
Thomas Murray, • Cne of
Dewey's Brave Men, Is
Asphyxiated.
THE SAN FR ANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 31, 1000.
Zealandia Reporting "All Well" to the Schooner Sadie.
7
AMUSEMENTS-
keepthIsinmind!
THE SPECIAL LIHIITEO
EXCURSION"
And vicinity, in Pullman Talace Sleepers. Mr.
\Vm. H. Mentoa. Excursion Passenger Agent
B. P. Co.. In charg*. LEAVES SAX FRAN-
CISCO SATURDAY. JUNE 2. from rerry land-
ln*. foot of Market street, AT 7 P. M. RE-
TURNING MONDAY. JUNE 4. at 7:45 a. m.
. Round-trip tickets,. Including berth two
nights la deeper,
ONLY 00
Meals extra. Served on train a la carte.
Excursion tickets now on eale at 61S Market
it.. Grand Hotel block.
T. H. GOODMAN.
General Passenger Agent.
E. O. McCORMICK,
I*af»enger Trafflo Manager.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOtnLriO Admission 10c.
GREAT I>AMBARDI OPERA QUARTET AND
BIG. ABRAMOFF. In Acts From
"LUCIA" and "THE HUOUEXOTS."
MIES SAJCDOLIN IN BXGLlSH SONGS.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matlne* Sunday.
OPHIR
OIL
STOCK!
WELLS ALL AROUND US.
>TEW STRIKES AT COAL.IXGA.
OIU SEEPAGES AXD OIIl
SANDSTONE ON THE OPHXJt
TRACTS.
BUY NOW— Later you will pay
more for the rame stock.
STOCK FULLY PAID. ,
Tv'ON-ASSESSAB^E.
Directed and operated by leading busl-
nets men. Call or eend for
prospectus. . !
OPHIR OIL COMPANY
Mills Building, San Francisco.
Los Angeles Offlce. 4CS Douglas Block. '
? - -?
Tell your grocer to get you ¦
a package of
Cof = farin
He will do it if you insist upon
it — be firm with him — don't
let him deprive you of health.
Cof-farin is the only cereal
coffee that is steeped like tea.
The Hold-Fast Clip
For Eyeglasses.
It Is the only nose piece that solves the prob-
lem of easy, firm adjustment, with simplicity
and neatness of construction.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
OPTIC,AN 5^ H0T >«-~.
642 Market St. instruments
omdcb cwrohicle BuiLDiNfr. CATALOGUE FREE.
-Nl'A)/A' dr * pierce ' s
$mmi> electric
*WiMF BELT.
•aj£; THIS BELT IS WAR-
/jY*» ranted to be the latest im-
* " proved, most powerful and
In all respects the best now manufactured In
may part of tbe -world. Its equal does not exist.
Tbe Galvanometer chows it; electric current to
be double that of any other. Easily regulated.-*
Durably Insulated. Latest Improved attach-
meet*. Special conductors ' and electrodes.
Double wire suspensory for men. It will cur*
•ny disease on earth that It Is possible to cur« .
¦with •lectridty. and it cures when others fall.
Buy no belt till you see "Dr. Pierce's."
"Booklet No. J," free at office or eent by mail
for a 2-cent stamp, 'tells all about it. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., '
620 Market Street.
<Opp. Palace Hotel). . SAN FHAKCISCO
Eastern Office— New Tork City.
A Staff of Skilled SPECIALISTS. Established in 1881.
MEN who have a weakness, a contracted or other ail-
ment should consult us. We have successfully
treated these troubles for nearly 20 years. Our institu-
tion is the. largest and best equipped, and our practice,
which is increasing year after year, is the most exten-
sive in America. Our remedies are effective, but never
leave any injurious effects.
The price of a cure, which is alzcays reasonable, may be
placed in any Sail Francisco bank to be relumed to the patient
if a cure is not ejffetled in a teasonable time, or miy be made •
;'..'in monthly -installments.
*/ We furnish all necessary remedies and appliances
free to patients, and make no charge for consultation at
bifice or by mail. Home cures a specialty. If you cannot
call,, write for free private book for men, terms, question
list, etc.. Cures sent safely by mail or express.
elevator 731 Market Street I %%&£?£$,
ENTRANCE SAN-FRAXCISCO. r Sundays-© to II "
AMUSEMENT^
MISS LILLIAN BURXHART
And Company in "A DEAt. OX 'CHANGE."
Third ar.d Last Week of
EZRA KENDALL.
¦•¦¦¦'-'• ¦'VA.XDT: MIDGLET & CARLISLE. .
.. ••¦•'-¦. .' : TU'EN'tY OTHERS. - ¦
; ¦;'• .'-.¦¦ AX ESTIRELT. NEW. BILI* '. |
n^er^«sd teats, the; balcony. 10c; oper* ch*irs
*n4 . box -.«atfi,'-.6f'C. . ; ¦: • : - .•-.--'
Matiow-s VTe<3n<»i«iay, .Saturday «nd Eundar-
SZ^ M A Little Bit Off the Top,"
: :-'y ¦¦¦' v. : v ;Vhe ncrnantlc Ccinlc Opera.
"'THE THREE
GUARDSMEN!"
i •. -pfsaucrii \\'kha Wealth of Scenic Effectt!
. Ever..lhgs at S. Matinet Saturday at 2.
POPUiiAR PRICES— 25c and' 5Oc.
¦^' '.V. •¦;•'¦ T' .Telephone. Bush 9.
«2p AT^ FOR NEXT WEEK
1 NOW READY.
.:¦ • I ; EVEP.T KIGHT (EXCEPT . SUXDAD.
,.-¦¦¦;¦; .;•;•¦,-; ilATINEE 6 ATL'RDAY. ' :
N. C. Goodwin
Maxine Elliott
In their greatest euccess,
WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE
By H. V. ESMOND.
nnal XV*** Begins KEXT MONDAY.
PHON"E MAIN £22.
¦ '.: LAST FOUR NIGHTS OF THE SEASON*.
IMMENSE SUCCESS OF niCE'S FAMOUS
EXTRAVAGANZA.
"1492!"
THE ENTIRE" PRESS OF THE CITTUNAKI-
MOUS I.N ITS PRAISE. .
¦ iPACKED TO THE DOORS NIGHTLT. ¦:
VSVAZ. POPULAR PRICES. • : ;
Good reserved ««t Ja orchestra at «I1 initl-
¦ /rees, ¦¦*5c..; :, '¦ ¦ ¦:. ¦¦ : ': " • ¦:••./'
. ¦ •. •¦¦•. " Bratjcb Ticket Offlc*— Enjporiuia. : •'¦-
MATINEE TO-DAY at 2:15 P. M.
MR. JAMES NEILL
.. AXD COMPANY. Presentls*
"CAPTAIN LETTARBLAIR"
':"¦¦':¦ : to-mght-
A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE.
Trlfiay arifl Saturday Xlfhts and Saturday
Vstinrm. GBAN'D FAREWEUi.- "CAPTALV
BW1FT,"
Coxnnjenr'.nr SUNDAY NIGHT. j
PL'N.TB & RYLEY'S CXDMEDY FESTIVAL
• . .. ALL STAR CAST.
Present! t:c- Char. jr. lloyt'e Evetgreen Success,
¦ 'A RAO BABY.'*
pon't Mlsv- Thu Super* Comedy Orgranl ration!
: ; l^AST FOUR NIGHTS.
: 'i '.} JBATIXEEBATCHDAT AXD SCXDAT.
| v :; V .Clyde Fitch's Domestic Comedy,
HUSBAND!—
".'".- : 'V' A. TALE OF, MAP.RIEO LIF^.
: SALE O? SEATS NOW ON FOR
fLORtHCE ROBERTS' "SAPHD."
CHUTESvAnd ZOO
.EVERY AFTERNOON AXD EVENING.
':twki 'vaudeville show \
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
THE AMATEURS IN SPECIALTIES
. . AXD A
LADIES 1 Bricklaying Contest,
AFTER .THE VAUDEVILLE.
Telephone for K»at»— Park iZ.
"SU TRO B ATHS
- OPEN XIGHTS.
Open 'dally from 7 a. m. to Jl p. m. •
, ¦ Baching from 7 a. in. to. 10 p. a».
A4ml«rJon. JOc; Childrfen. tc.
Hathlrg. including adaijselcn,^c; rfai!drea :0c.
ELECTROZONE is a reliable remedy. It stands upon its own merits.
Will positively cure all the diseases which we recommend it for. EI.EC-
TROZONE CURES ARE PERMANENT CURES. The moat obstinate
* cases of years' standing that have not been benefited by any other rem-
edy have been promptly and permanently cured by the use of ELEC-
TROZONE. The short time in. which It takes to cure chronic cases
seems marvelous. There is no remedy that equals it. If you are suffer-
ing from any of the following dlseuses take ELECTROZONE, it will cure
A POSITIVE CURE for
Rheumatism, Female Complaints,
x Kidney Ailments, Catarrh,
Stomach Troubles, . -Nervousness,.
All EEIood Diseases, : Tired;Feeling, *
At Druggists Send for Pamphlet to
. SI Bo'.tlc. ELECTROZONE MFG; CO., S.F.
j THE JEMPOBrPBL •[ J
I Thursday, May 31. .
if _____ ___ * • ¦
K Suit--. P^tibf«Xlen1taEe.&2fc_C2U3Ur.. *3 New Lot,
tf St. 50m CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE, $f.OO.
| ' .
g The world-renowned El Belmant Cigars, Reina
g Vicioria Superiors ; sold everywhere and always 2
J for 25c ; on special sale to-day (Thursday) only...-
§ 3 for 25c
If Clear De_artment— Rotunda.
I Overstock Saie
I Meet's Clothing.
I $15.00 and $22.50 Suits $9.95.
*>* j£ \ is- -x , i rr~*\ ft Finding ourselves heavily overatock-
* < )it_A jM K H M^-SwFTn ed with Uen ' 3 Snit3 from $ 12 - 5 °t°
t* I I I $ 15 - co we raafca a deep price cut fo-
* r A <$ frSS^^^r U- aa y ana until further no-
•f < : _ - .- ' /V^nC t'^Vn p*t^-Ai__Jyv . " co to c . lose ont the surploa.
fc* l^- Q\— »y=i \ yy * These suits are in the popular single-
*f . "7A f A >^h-^-L ) =^ = - breasted sack style, positively all wool,
fc£ / ) ' \k£/ \J correctly fashioned and made up ia a
J? / / ' \ \ \^ first-class manner, plain and fancy
ti ( > -j. \ , cheviots and fancy worsteds in 20 different colors
|£ \*\ J ¦ ' and patterns, and good, fast blue o'c
S \ JT > / , serges, all at the very special price %$ij*35
S Xd7 >A 1=*"^ C Boys' Long Pants Suits $4.95—
/K'Jfs' ' At out 100 sood value ?6 and $6.50 Suits for yonag
jj» y 1/ tv r men *° vear9 °* a S e » new goods in nobby,
H 'j I I jlf\\ attractive patterns, stylUhly cut. well trimmed,
i? J I II / \ I \ made up with great care, are offered as a special
|» I / I I M \ inducement to make a trial purchase ia our Youths'
SI I II 4 \ Department Thursday, Fri- -j —
g / /// \ \ \ day and Saturday $*tm95
J / / \ \ \ Boys 9 3- Piece Suits $3.95— Only
fif I '/ » 1\ V 80of these, Biz23 for boys 8 to 15 years, strictly all
III H © W00^ materials, in colors least calculated to show
j£» . Ill ET. r^TT dust and wear, good patterns, stylish cut and extra
K if * ff _at|__^L_^fl? c^^ well made, coat, vest and knee pants sold by us reg-
•T $__J_-I__~ u!arly for $5 and $6, Fliursii r ay, -eo o —
* %$£—- Friday and 6*a(urcfay......«9<-»«d T O
S^ Second Aisle— Rtsht of Entrance. '¦{-'. '.'
X •W"_^___ tl^.Not cheap Trunks, but JMf^-^ A clean-np
B trUiiUBl exceedingly low prices Wi&BB & aale of a lot
v a% m tc-day for gcod trunks. «««» a«#% of Neckwear,
&' *&£BS®m Flat top, canvas cover- g£Q§ HS$Gm abou^ 55
*i ed, waterproof painted, dozen in all
~» • v heavy mallea- — band bows, sailor knots and puff scarfs.
fg ble iron cor light, medium and dark effects, good ma-
Jf pSv^^^" ner clamps, terials, in pretty patterns, no tie in the
5 ja^^^^r^ L^^a» __j__^. patent lock, 4 lot worth Ies3 than 25c, many of them
6 Y^^^filJ-J&TCr^irfl (I r e v ° r s * e wortn three times that price — all at one
& ES^^XT H H ti'ihardwood uniform price, Thursday - o
tt U U^JCl* sluts \n front only i%JO
Jif v- '" and one all Third Alale— Rlzht of Entrance.
g, around the •*" '
% body, 3 riveted hinges, stitched leather ~': . ::,
g> handles, iron bottom, set-up tray with tJPZJMMlUjM C?£J>O V
tf covered hat box and side compartment; »_-_.-_-_» <£*¦* __>£?
>»* in fact, thoro-jghly well made, durable *ff B m*54jta
& trunks-/o-cfay on/y.
Si 2s-inch. J4.oo si.e $2.S5 A good pair of _
J_* 28-lnch. 4.S0 site 3.1O \icn'^ Shn»q in. ' V\\ - (If
tf 30-Inch, 5.00 size... 3.4.% Hit at thn r w »'" 1 Ja i * # V\
J» S2-inch: 5.25 size 3.7O flay at We 1 i^a ft
& 34-inch. 5.75 six* 3.iks wholesale f(\ |g 1
£. 36-inch, «.oosize 4^5 price. Congress 'f/Lwk \
fC Main Floor^ gh--^ made of (|g^ X
ft* - _ black ca'f, new 1^1^^- vv
js No-Match £.£**
5* s^* a-kMi B £mmM*£**mm flexible soles — - '
*- Z&SzlS* Bkmk*§mW2a m shoes that retail regularly is this
% M By special arrangement store for $2.45 pair. Special to-day
H 7/ with the Pacific Coast OlUy $1.85
U £=> agent Of Adam3 ' nderfnl Flr9t Alri *- R 'g ht of Entrance.
I w /'sTtl invention, the "No-Match _ _ - --. , .. ,
K \t.?*^\tU*h\l Ur Th O ,u 5 d02ea Stiff "Hats in the new Youman
t t . ¦ g V*^ifj£7)Z*Z blocks; color, black and brown. .
I "'¦™' l '*'™ la PP l^;rttb>ps 6 dozen Fedora H ha3d30me! w
X obUimd .xcspt at the regular price of ' '
£ fifty cents each. TO'tlay Oltfy $2.65.
£ Lamp Dept.— Rear of Rotunda. Main Floor— Off Rotunda.
-.' ¦ . ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
:-ij.-n>VJ.ri i- '-'¦ — " ~- in - j- _- -. - -^ r^^^^ %rtru^^ A/v^ v^_ rLOJJU>Ju . '
. ; : , ' • ¦ • ¦
£g|p^ A Common-Sense Cure for Catarrh,
:: -' va jP™»S' Asthma, Bronchitis,. Diphtheria!
0M s^^B and Ail Throat Troubles. !
.. •/:¦-. *^?r^f Jl?3s7«- Clouds of mtdicatei vapor arc lnhi!:d
V; '.¦'¦';_¦: \^0~ \ through the mouth and emitted from' the t
¦ ¦'•-¦¦.¦ :CZ^i' w^^Rjjj/' . nostrils after having clsansed and vapor- j
kIS'S'I^Sbc^L^ z *^ 2 " *k* dUeasid parts. A sens? of j
'QH^}t^^^Jr"^y^^^ relief is felt at once. Doctors indorse it.
**" : ¦'' fflSRZSKB 1 ' Ho EllwaaaL. Everybody praises it. k costs but Ji and
W$&$L To th3 Retail Druggists of San
/®^;i?S^l ; - i^Pn FrancIsco and Neighboring Cities: ;
&£**} ' ' Place your crdr r with u< at once fcr :hi
1 t^SSi<*^£^^4w MrfiF ' Munyon Inhaler. It will do what is
Sffi^^^^-^^vJ j&%,iF ciaim;d for it, and 15 tie best seliinj;
:^s|ji$s£^^ '?r^^j?y^ • proprietary article we ever had in our
¦;_:^"fiE*r ;• Y -if establishment We are tuyln; them in
:" : - " PROFESSon j. m. mtznton. 500 lots.
The Greatest Discovery of the Age.
In buying a Munyjn Inha'er YOU RUN NO RISK, as the Munyon C->. will
exchange it for anv 01 their regular remedies. , ¦ -¦
THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS will te expended in advertising this par-
ticular remedy for
Catarrh and Asthma.
The supply s-ems to be LIMITED. Place your orders at once with the
WHOLESALE DRUGGISTS,
REDINGTON & GO. MACK & CO.
LANGLEY & MICHAELS CO.Ellsworth Evidence Burned.
BRENTWOOD. May 30.— The Ellsworth
family residence near here was totally
destroyed by flre this morning. The house
vu occupied by the Ellsworth children,
Commencement Exercises of Mount
¦ Tamalpais Military School.
EpeeiaJ' DlFpatrh to The Call.
¦BAN' RAFAEL. May. 30.— The tenth an
irrial closing exercises of the Mount Tam
oipaJs^filitarj* Academy were held at the
First Presbyterian Chjirch this morninjr
An. Interesting programme was re dered"
'A-frraduatinp class of ten students, pre
eentatipn of the Watson- memorial medal
¦nrvd -diplomas and an an address by Major
General W." R. Shafter were the principal
•features, of the occasion.
' After the general's address, diolomas
wtre ?!ven I^o J. Talk. Wlnfred Hansen
W: C. Kern, Herbert H. Minor and A H*
AVatson.- There were other graduates "but
sickness "and absence prevented their re
ceivUie diplomas.
The scholarship of the fifth form was
conferr>d on- Benjamin W. Kerr. The
.\\'atson memorial medal' was won by
Ralph Fa!k of Boise City. Idaho.
• After the exercises. General Shafter
and his aid. Lieutenant E. T. Wilson, were
the.gruests of A. W. Foster, president of
the- California Northwestern Railway
Company.
Anniversaries of the Foundation of
:¦¦ : Catholic Archbishoprics in
•.. . . . • ¦ : America.
WiSHIKGTQN. May 2O.-It Is learned
at the- rapal legation that the polden
Ju^iiee. or the fiftieth anniversary, of the
foundation of Nrsquall}-. \Vashington, as
an episcopal sr-e. -which will occur to
rnorrfnv. will serve as the initiative to no
l<-ss than seven similar events which will
Foon ne obpervo*i in various parts of the
country. On July 13 the four archbishop
rics of New York, Cincinnati Xew Or^
Jf-ans and Snnta Fe round their first half
century, while the same day will mark
The/perni-cer.tenr.ial of three suffragan
fclFhopries— W hetiins. Savannah and Los
Anpeles— all of which wore founded co
incider.tly by Pcpe Pius IX ounQea c0
Archbishop MsirtlnelH has been invited
already to several of the celebrations but
by reason of his duties at other points he
may b<? unable to attend them. If pos-
Kibl<», however, he expects to be present
at the commemorative rites in New York
which will be conducted on a scale of un
usual splendor. Archbishop Corrigan of
that see is now nbcent in Europe but has
promised to return home in ample time
for the festivity. The pastors of this city
however, are especially Interested in the
services at Cincinnati, whose venerable
Archbishop. Dr. Elder, was formerly a
priest of this Jurisdiction.
DIPLOMAS AWARDED.
SEVEN GOLDEN JUBILEES „/„
0\:i;-:m\x be celebrated
• MANILA, . May 39. — Lient-cnant Jenses
tedje-:of Company L. Forty-seventh Vol
jJDftVeers. rommandins a scouting party in
the Fdutherh part of Albay province, "had
:F.«yeral ejigagoments with lhe insurgents,
.iiij which, seventeen of the - enemy were
Jellied, and twenty-three, including a. cap
xairi. were captured. Six explosive bombs
and a. number of valuable insurgent docu
"•xnciits also Ml into the hands of -the
Americans..- Tfce scouts burned' the tov/n.
of- Yubi. the headquarter? of the rebels.
S^r^pant IJrlcklcy was killed during a
eUght icngagfmerit near Higao, province
of. •-. Albay.. yesterday.. Scouts ' of the
Thirty-rsixth and Thirty-fourth regiments
.have'.captured thirty-two rifles and 500
rounds, of -ammunition in lhe province of
•PanEasinin. -• . ••
Successful Minor. Engagements.
.MANILA. May 30— Major March's van
of the Thirty-third Regiment has arrived
at AparrI, frcm IJer.gut-t, iifter the hard
est •. mountain traveling. .The men were
<xh:ai:ptcd..and ragged, having followed
j>f.r?istently • on the supposed Aguinaldo
¦trail. .They -had several encounters with
th'e.:re.be!s/ but .found ¦ no ejgn of Agui
jiaido;- ••• .:.•' '.-; ¦' ¦ -. • •
No Trace of : Agtdnaldo.
\ The .auihctUles have al?.i established a
system bf.eSpienage in China designed to
apprise. General Ma-cArthur.and Rear Ad
'.niiral: Kpniey. of the departure of filibus
.ierinjg:..txf>t«iitlons for the i\hiiippine§. It
Is known ..at the War Department that
•certain' Qeraab tirms having branches In
China have been- and are hteadily supply
ing the natives with munitions of war.
The- detective s^-stcm. which is now in
-•operation, is expected to result in practi
cal .suppression of this traffic. The War
Department ; officials say that they have
riei expectation of any cla^h between the
commjsslori and General Mac Arthur. The
commission la representative of the Sec
retary, of War and General MacArthur
/vvtll undoubtedly comply with its wishes,
making- such suggestions with respect to
.ITTHlT»Ty. operations as may seem advis
able before its departure. The question of
.granting amnesty to th<» Filipinos in arms
was -. discussed and the' President has left
¦ liw*v. - coramfsslon • to -df termine as to the
¦pruptr time- for issuing a pro'cinmction,
.premising; immunity fro.m- proscription to
ithope- insurgents viho' surrender them
selves; -tor Amoricans. •¦
The commission will inform the Filipinos
that it has been appointed to estab
lish a civil government throughout the
isiajids and will urge their co-operation
until September 1. It will co-operate with
Tne military .service occupying parlors in
tiie Palace with General .'.lacArthur, by
. whicl) ¦¦ t.lrae It is ' -expected the municipal
¦jdiiel. jjrovUicial "&uv.ei Uroenfs will be In
:operatlon. The. commission- will then sep
arate^ Judge Taft-' regaining In Manila
and .. : f<j-u.r-- members.: -being .distributed
among four, departments arid acting prac
tically, in the capacity -of' Oovernors.
AVhile the Taft commission Is' devoting It
i?elf to the establishment of a civil gov
ernment the military branch will be en
deavoring to crush the rebellion in order
ttl^t .the Filipinos may be nlore ready to
accept- American rule. The officials are
:yery much f ncouraped at the recent sur
.fe-ridcr of the Filipino organizations, and
by. the action of ' individual natives in
turning rines . over • to the American
.-tropjtty reor-iving "$30 Mexican for each
piece. ..•• ' - ; ' -" ' • .." • - ¦ '
WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON. May 30.— Another effort in the direc
tion of the establishment of civil govern
ment in the Philippines will be inaugur
ated to-morrow, when the Taft Philip
pine Comrr.i?!=ion arrives at Manila. As
soon after its arrival as may be necessary
to obtain information as to the exact sit
uation the commission will Issue a proc
lamation which will be published simul
taneously in the United States embodying
lnFt ructions under which they will act or
po much of them as the commission rnav
deern It expedient to make public.
MANILA, May. 31, 10:33 a* m.— -
Tuesday night a band of Insurgents -
rushed the town of San Miguel de '
Mayomo, garrisoned by. three com- ¦<
panics of the Thirty-fifth Infantry, i
They traversed the town, killing <
five Americans and wounding -<
seven. They captured Captain -
Roberts and two enlisted men. i
Their less is unknown. h
Yesterday a number of guerrillas A
ambushed a company of the Forty- A
sixth Infantry, en route from Sllan A
to Indan, and killed three musi- a
cians. . a
•i
• . — * — -
FpedaJ Dispatch to The Call.
Proclamation. About to Be
Issued by the Commis
sioners.
System of Espionage Established in
: China to Stop the Traffic
'. . •. \ . ,ia Munitions of
•¦¦.•.'." War.
WILL REQUEST
CO-OPERATION OF
THE FILIPINOS
Mrs. Gladstone Not Paralyzed.
LONDON, May 30.— The attending phy
sicians now correct the impression that
Mrs. Gladstone is paralyzed. They say
there has been no seizure and that her
state is merely the result of excitement
and ¦weakness.
HONOLULU. May 22.— The ship John
C. Potter, Captain Meier, went ashore in
Maalaea Bay on the 15th, while beating
her way to Kind, and had a narrow es
cape. A gale of wind was blowing at the
time, but luckily it was off shore. After
she had been stuck fast a little over twen
ty-four hours, the steamers Kinau and
Claudine got her off. She was leaking
slightly, but Is not thought to have sus
tained serious damage. The Potter waa
from Newcastle, eighty-two days out.
Ship John C. Potter.'s Peril.
WASHINGTON. May 30.— The Senate
Committee on Relations With Cuba to
day held Us first meeting under the reso
lution directing an investigation into ir
regularities in Cuba, but took no action
beyond the adoption of a number of reso
lutions calling upon the various depart
ments for Information bearing upon the
point covered by the Senate resolution.
The principal inquiries are to be directed
to the Secretary of War, but the Post
master General, the Secretary of the
Treasury and the Secretary of the Navy
are also to be required to throw such light
upon the subject as they can.
There was some discussion of the neces
sity of a visit to Cuba, but the conclusion
was reached informally that there would
be no necessity for such a trip until the
departments could be heard from and the
information supplied by them digested.
Out Its Work.
Senate Committee Meets and Maps
CUBAN INVESTIGATION.
all minors. Their mother, who wad
a widow, was killed by a railroad acci
dent near Cornwall recently. There is a
strange coincidence In connection witn
this loss. Mrs. Hill and Mrs. Ellsworth,
while riding near Cornwall.- were struck
by a train and killed. The Hill house was
burned a few days later and now the Ells
worth home is in ashes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, MAY 31, 1900.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HICHLANDSPRINCS
J. CRAIG and H. R. WARNER. Hers.
Swimming: Tanks. • Bowling Alleys, Croquet
and.Tennia Grounds. Hot and Cold Mineral
Baths. Competent Masseurs. Fine Livery.
Hunting Horses and Dogs. Experienced Guides.
GEO. W. WATSON, the. famous Hunter and
Fisherman (so many years at Bartlett) win be
here to welcome his host of friends.
OVER 30 MINERAL SPRINGS.
Rates— $10. $12 and $14 per week.
Resident Physician, Advice Free. One 1 Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Electricity.
Hotel and Cottatres. lathed and plastered.
COOL ROOMS. Plenty of Shade.
BEST PAID ORCHESTRA. IN LAKE
COUNTT.
Dancing In Ballroom every evening: Georte
W. Watson, Dancing Teacher. Tennis and Golf
Tournaments Weekly;
ONLY GOLF LINKS IN LAKE COUNTT.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS' HOTEV. or
call on L. D. CRAIG, 316 Montgomery street.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
OAKLAND riONEER SODA WATER CO..
Thirteenth and Webster streets, Oakland;
AHHJTNS, PEIN & BULLWINKLE. 620 Post
street, San Francisco.
For further Information call at Traveler
office, 20 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
OCEANEXCURSIDNS
Pacific Coast Steamship Co, San Francisco
to Victoria, Vancouver, Seattle, Tacoma and
other ports of call find return, 11 days' trip.
San Franeireo to Seattle and the Inland Pas-
sage to Skasuay over the White Pass Railway.
dow.n the Yukon to Nome, returning by oc-iar,
30 to 25 day* 1 trip. '
San Francisco to Seattle, thence per steamer
Senator, July 21, via Juneau, Skaguay. Glacier
Bay and the Inland Passace, In sight of Mt.
St. Ellas, via Unimah Pass and Seal Islands
to Nome, thence to East Cape and Siberian
coast, crossing the Arctic Circle and passing
into the Arctic Ocean and return, about 40
days' trip.
Full .particulars in pamphlet, entitled Alaska
Excursions. Ticket office. 4 New Montgomery.
Central California
San Jose Is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome Is Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first-class
In every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at '"Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery St., San
, FranctFco. or address
GEO.. P. SNELL. Mgr.. San Jose, Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
JV4 Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GHKATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WKdT.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament. ausDlcea the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL MF.TROPOLE nnrl COTJNTRT CLTJB.
always open. Oolf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
GEORGE W. THOMPSON.
(21 Market St.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
722 South Spring Pt.. T/31 AnrelM. Cal.
For the Complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan. sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. At all druggists.
—
The Place for Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs.
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA XE-
vada. near Colfax. on the C. P. R. It. Plain,
quiet retreat; finest scen»ry. water, mountain
air. fruit and all-the-year-round climate in Cal-
ifornia; Ideal grounds and surrounding*: on
railroad. 12G miles from San Francisco: JS a
week: open all year: send for booklet. Address
• ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park, Cal.
Your vacation should be spent
in health and. pleasure — you can
always work. Come to
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
J. MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor
P. O.. Lake County. City of-
fice. 416 Pine et.
"A?- TOCALOMA, M & IN
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations; reasonable rates; for famlles and par-
ties; fishing, bathing, beatutlful drives to Bear
Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or Pahl's
thoe store.' 824 Kearny at.. S. F.
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL j^hbSSZ
unequaled I soda and magnesia waters. Good
for all •s.tomach. kidney and liver troubles.
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. HOWELL. Hopland,
Mendocino County. Cal.
. dARLSBAD
Moet beautiful spot in Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations rlrst
class: V10 a week; lighted by gas.
. W. R. M'GOVERN. KeUeyvllle. Lake Co.
Near Santa ROsa; . among the OAK
Rinccn Hills; home comforts and clJ . _ _
the best of country life. For O M A O t
circulars address HARRY L. RANCH
JONES. Santa Rosa.' . ——_____
PLANTATION BOUSE-^ai?^!™^
Etagi line. Good . trout ; fishing; plenty fruit
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties ol
two or more: grand redv."ood scenery. Address
J. LTJTTRINGER, Seaview. Sonoml fo., or ap-
ply MR. KRUSE. 207 Front st.. for particulars.
WALDRUHE, ~~
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
tot families and sportsmen.- First-class table.
All kinds of. dairy produce. Fine spring water.
Rates $7 up. Send for circular. C. H. W
PRUNING. Santa Rosa. Cal.
THE; GEYSERS, £;-•:•"
ONE OF NATURE'S ''WONDERS."
Natural • steam baths, - swimming, ashing
hunting and livery. Write for pamphlec. 1'
WERTHE1MER, Manager.
NAPA SODA- SPRINGS.
. UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
.*> A. DOLLMANN, Ntpa Soda Springs P. Q.
TANKS.
TA^'KS— Pacific Tank Co., manufacturers 35
Beale «l. 8. P.; S48 E. 2d nt.. Los Angeles.
f Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M^^^-\( >-•"> HKAfi.W V»\ " Established
w ikZSl ln ¦****orthetreatra»?ntof Private
KtitiVJsm I)ls<>llsf ' s > i >* s t^I' l ''h<«Ki Dpbilltyor
Sr-^**^ «Ji«pa»ev? earing on bodyand mind and
!n >lsea8t * s - I'uedoctorcurpswbpti
•Q ffi olb '* is ' n "- Tr y blm. Cn:iriffP low
*>KaiaiS&i2 l'nr«xn»rnnii'f t. Cullorwrttei
Or. J. * . <ilUBON. Box l!>37.San Fraociaco
MILL VALLEY' AND MOUNT TAMALPAIS
SCENIC RAILWAY-CormnencinK Sunday,
April X. 1900. via SauRalito Ferry. Week
days— Leave «=an .Francisco, 9:20 a m 1-45
p. tn. Sundays— Leave San Francisco 8 a. m
» ». m.. 10 a. m., 11 a. ra.. 1:30 p.-m- 2-3'J
p. m. Wednesday, May 30 (Decoration day*
trains will run on Sunday time. Tickets can
•be purchased at the Sausallto Ferry, north
end of the Union Ferry Depot, foot of Mar-
ket *t.. San Francisco. Fare, round trip from
San Francisco. $1 40. .
EAILBOAD TRAVEL.
MEDICINE CASES.
FERRY DRUG CO *=£<?•
8 Market at.
GROCERIES.
GROCERIES, provisions, tents: packed, shinned
free. SBARBORO & CO.. C21 Montgomery.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.,t Washington
and 1st «U..- Oakland, cr Builders* Ex., S..F.
BOrTHRItlf PAfU'lc: COHPAHT.
(PACiriO HYHTICM.)
Trnlita IrniiK »it<l ntn i!m« In nrrlve i»«
NAN I'll* !S«:|.N«-O.
{Main Line. Foot of Jlnrktt Street)
leave — Pr.dM May 13, 1900. — . arrivi
•7:O0a. Benlcla. SiiUnti,. Klmira. VicaTlllo. -
KuniBej ami .S»erainento *7:J."5r
*7:OOa Shuu lixorcas-DaTU. Williams (for
llartlett SiTii.ps). Wlllovs, ltd
Ulull. rorlland. m 7t4St
'?:::»« MiitlncT, S:.r, I: :tiiinn. Vallejo. N»i<a.
C*.IUt«g:iaiid.'5iiiit» I'usa "«l:l."»p
•»:OO» I)a»is. \'. ..oil \:;r\. Kiiighti Landing,
Msfyotille, nrnrille «7:l3p i
•»:OO* Allanti.: Kxprees-Ogde'i and. East •! I: 13a !
'»|3«A Saii~"Jo«e, liturmuie, Stockton.
lone. riaeraineuto. l'Uci rvllle.
M«r«»«ill«. Clilc.l. lte.1 ItllliT M:l»r
•H:a«A Oakdalr-, Cbloesd (for Yuaemite),
S'mora. Carters •l:J»r
•0:OOa Ilajiranls, Nilti nii.l Way Stations. "1 1 :l.l*
*0:UOa Loa Aogsloa £iprcii — Marllnuz,
Tracy, i.aMin>|i, rliovktou, Merced
¦ ml Krenno *0iI3p
•!»::t<»A Vallijii. Martinez anil Way Stations *Atl.tr
•io:Oo» Tho OrcTiiml i.linitetl— Ogdeu, I)en-
Ter, Omaiia. Oblca(<i *5il!Ir
*!I:O<».\ Nilra, J.lrerinoto, Mtocktori, Hicra-
mentn, Mi-iulot*. llanfutd, Vlsatl*.
i"ortrr»ille_. l} :t!ir
tllO*r Sarraninnt'o Klr«r Nrcoliiorn tO:OI>A
•:t:»f»r llnywanlfl. Nilis ami Way MUtlous. M: l",r
«l:««p MHrtiiifX, Han lUnmii, Vulltfjo,
Na|.R, l.'nllHti>i:>i. Santa lto«n *M!l5»
•li<>»r lt-nicia. Winters. Hacramet^o,
WooillaHil. KititfliU l.anJl'iK.
I r.l»ry«»illi-, <)in»lli«. 'IO:I1»
•liiJflp Nile?. Kan .I(i»c and Stockton *?>l5r
•.•>:««!• Tim Owl Limited— Tracy, Freeno.
llnl.^rtlk-!il. SMigiiR f :,r -Santa liar-
liara. l.os Anrclos *9:43a
•a:OOp Fresun I'assenjrT — Martin.z. I..vth- ' .
rop. Stuck tou, MrrM'il, Uerenda
- (Kjyra'iiid for yosemi'v). Krernio. . *l3:IOr
•5i:inrKew hl*i>.'\i KiiTeM-l«akir»ll.-M,
Uanta !),>rli:tra, l.os Aticeles, l)rni<
. Ins, El l*a«o. Now Orleans and
Ka«t •»!••»«
- •SiSOr H>iit< 1'-.. lii.ni-,— AIImiiIc Eiprew
' for Mi>]hi« and Ki\nt .- '(lil.lr
•0:»Op Harvard*, Nile* mid .4»ii Joct *?:IO»
1«:««l- Vail«J "I3il5p
•UiUOr Oriental Mail- OiJileu. Cbcyenne,
- Omaha. Clilcagn '11:45a
•«:OOr Oriental .Mali— Ogden, Denver. ' •
OioaLa, <'hlc*;;o *4tl3r
STiOOp Vhlli-Jn. Port (,'onta and Way Hta-
tlous JOiMr
•AiOSpOrrKiinaud CallfornU Ki|>rnM,Hac-
tixitiMit)!, M»rji»ll!«. »¦•.), lluir,
rortl.ii.l. V»f>. >f..M...I an.l l!n»t 'BtlaA
COAST DIVISION (,Nari.Mt (iAi^e).
(Knot ft M-irltet Street:)
fJ:4SA Sanbi Cruz I'xuursion for Hants
i Crur. and IVii.riiml Way Stations ]9l:O3r
*8tll»A Newark. < Nlitii iilli-,H»ll .l..»«. IVUi.n.
lS,.iil<U-r«.'r. i-I..Sui:la(;rii7.«n.l\Viiy
Htitlonn 'O^Op
(3:1 ftp KH'kii, Oentertlllfi, r!an .l)*e, Nuw
Alinailon, Keltnn. lt<>itlil«r'Oreolj,
BailU (-rur. and rrl:ioii<al Way
•4il.1i- Newark, rtVii'.ioie'.'l/is Gatos '.'.!'.!!! 'S:- 1 *©*
q»:I.Tp Olenxrood. Felton. frftnta (>ii7. t*'.ft**A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr«mSlK rRtnai-SCO — ?»«l if SirUl Slrttt (Slip 8)—
*7:I5 !)00 :1:00a.m. (1:03 *3:D0 13:03
M:03 . JE:I3 ¦?6:03r.«. •
fr«i»O»U.illD-r»ii»f BrtudwiiT.— "rt.00 8:00 I0;00a.u,
tl2:03 '1:03 13:03 ¦ '3:00 11:00 •S:03r.u.
COAST DIVISION (llroad (innge).
(THr.l nnd Towineml Htr)^,
1R:IOa Ocean Viow, Honlu .San Krancinco.. fttiU**
t?MMUKau .Inio nml Way .SUUniix (New
A linaili-ii \Vi»rne«Ur* »nlj )..... •!•.»«»
t~:aOA Suixl.ty Excursion (' r Han Joao,
Santa Out.. Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Siations J»:33p
•OMIOa Him .limn. Tre» t'liiiM, ManU (tnil,
l'anilic Okits. I'mn Itnlilrt, Hmi
l.i.ii OltUiui, Kurf, Loinpoc and
l*rlni;i|ml \V»y StKt.l.ins *4:l«r.
•Hiiliii San Ji>iu ami Way Station* *«:M»
•lltSOA Kan.hmi-,LoiiGatOSaiiil\YayKUtlnna m St»nr
t'-it-ltlrSan Main,, k.mIwoo.1. Menlo 1'aik,
Tain Alto. Sat)U('inrii, Situ .loie,
' Tres ' flnos. S«nta Crur. Salinas,
Monterny mi'l rnclllc (JrnT« IIOiSOa
t!l::i»p Han .lose anrt Way . Stations |*?«aor
fl:l»p San JuM anil Principal Way Station! # S»i4.1a
tr»:(»«r Man Jrwe, Los Gstos snd Principal
Wsy Stations 10:00a
•3:.1Op Ran .lone ami Principal Way Stations t*l»l4
•OtKOr San. Inse ami W«y Stations. ««i«O A
«ll:4tp San .liar an.l Way Stations......... *".-:K>r
A for Mniniug • ¦ F for A fternnon.
•Dailj". t Mnixinr exempted. t Sunday only
¦ .. b Saturday only.
a Saturday and Sunday, c Stimlav and Monday.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
, Commencing April 22, 1500.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. •8:30, 8:30. 11:00 a. m.5
12:45, *1:«, 8:15. 4:15, •5:15, 6:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP3— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 'SiCO. *9:00. »10:00. 11:00. 11:N
a. m.: 12:45. »l:30. 2:30, •3:45. 5:00, 6:00. 1:20
p. m. .
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days. ¦
Trains marked (?) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN" FRANCISCO.
WEKIC DAYS— 5:3.".. '6:30. ; 7 :;0, S:40. *10:15 a.
m.; 11:30. 1:15 2:15. *3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at »6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:13 *3:00. »9:50. *ll:00a. m.; •12:00
m.; 1:00. 2:15, '3:30. 4:30. *5:45,- 6:45. 7:30, 10:20
p. m. *?! •
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln. •
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:53. 6:4S, S:06. 8:55, 10:30 a.
m.; 11:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:30, 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
• EXTRA TRIPS on Mondaye. Wednesdays
and - Saturdays at 7:10 nnd 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:25. S:05. 10:05, 11:10 a. m.; 12:15.
1:20 2:30. 3:45, 4:5.", 6:15, 7:0T., 10:30 p. m.
¦ THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— razadero and way sta-
tions. ¦:"_¦¦.' ¦. ' -
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ' . / ¦-:¦'-¦'-
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations. . -, ' . ,.
8 :00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way «ta-
12 :45 'p. m. 8undays— Point Reyes ' and wajr
«U.tlcns.
E.NGINES.
In rtoclc. eteam. cas. gasoline; full line; nifrj
prlees. American Mfrs. Assn., 20 Fremont.
GOLD SEPARATOR. ¦>.
Eureka Separator and Amalgamator; pan mo-
tion; in- operation 26 Beale st. •
DSEDGINQ PUMPS.
Our-centrifugal pumps are going to Cape Nom«
are youT Better buy one: Ju»t the pump for
rravel: has Intercbacgeable parts. W. T
OARRATT & CO.. cor. Fremont and Natoma.
SAND CE1STRIFUGAL PUMPS.
I irifSOrtf Gol<! <5re<lsins pumps, the only
JAwiVoUll successful pump manufactured.
C25 Sixth st. San Francisco.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
[/DAfri Were -euccessful at Xom» last
l\i\UUn year. All 6Oiers failed. In opera,
tlcn dally. 9 Stevenson St.. 8. F.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SIBLE MANAGEMENT.
OPHIR OIL COMPANY
Mills Building, San Francisco.
Los Angf les Office, 402 Douglas Block.
Trj«O you will Know. Get our
prospectus: If tells thje story.
Opliir Qi! Stock
At 50 cents per share Is
the best barqaln I rj oil It}
California to-day. SPLEN-
DID LOCATION. RESPON-
INVESTIGATE FIR§T;
BUY AFTERWARD !
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
?AH FRANCISCO AHD NORTH PACIFIC
. RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN' FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
8:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:33 o. rn. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
nnd 11:30 ». m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 0:30. 11:00 a, m.: 1:30. 3:30,
6:00. 6:20 D. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
VTEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:«.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
l:Ea and 8:25 r>. m. <
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 8:40,
5:05, 6:25 r>. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzen Park
tame schedule aa above.
Leave ] In Effect. I Arrive-
Ban Fr«.nclsco. [Apr. 15, 1900.] San Francisco.
Week I Bun- I ' I Sun- I Week
Days. I days, f Deitlnatlon.] days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 »m Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:C5 pmllO:2o am
E:13 pm 5:00 pm Sajita Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburff.
Lytton.
Geyserv-llle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm C:20 pm
7:30 ami . Hopland I '10:26 am
S:J3 pm| 8:00 am and Uklah. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
/: > am 10:2S am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:3G pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 am S :40 am
. I and
6:10 pm 5:C0 pm| Glen Ellen. B:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am! S:00 am) 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm! 5:00 pm| Bebastopol. | 7-.30 pm| 6:20 pm
Stapes connect at Santa Ro«a for Mark West,
SprinKK and White Sulphur Springs; at Fultcn'
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geysen'ille for Skagga Sprinea: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for .Duncan
Bprlnp 1 *. Highland Fprlnjts. Kelseyvm«. Caris-
bad Springs, Scda Hay. LAkeport and Bartlett
Sprinsa; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Sprinps. Blue Laken, Laurp) Dell Lake. Witter
Sprints, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. I/erley's, BuckneH'B,
Panhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr'o Hot
Fprlngs, Menrloclno Oty. Fort Bragrir. West-
port. UF.al. WillltB. Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and JCureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlcen. 650 Market st.. Chronicle bide.
H. C. WHITIXG. P.. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
¦C» ? ¦?¦£*
¦ Jj5 obi 5»?
I Philadelphia |
g AND RETURN via g
I Santa Fe i
1 Rniifo u
I nuuiuiia I
O ¦ Tickets Sold June A
12th and 13th good
to return 60 days; *j
| Office, 628 Market St, I
O'» — ¦ — »-S
pcaaa^QKgeiy»gg»c8»acK6O6ce^f<8a
WABASH
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
FROM
Chicago, Kansas City and St. Louis
to . .
New York and New Fngland Points.
.Finest thioueh train service, with polite and
courteoas 'employes. Stop-olT allowed at iki
Falls. ROSS C. CX.INE. P. C P.Agui
Lab Angelas. c*i.
C. B. CRANK. Q. P. Aft..
¦ 6t. Louis. , Ma. '
¦¦^g^bEWEXSTRONG &C0.^^^
.^Sl^S'i MARKET bT. SJvSSnS' .
ONLY IN BOTTLES.
Per Disordered St:n&ch
?¦c-^o-^o-* o-«-o-» o -•• o-»-o-*-o-»-o-*o-»o-»
o J H1,J* "* .,' , ,- , ?
0 A
1 f^ IS A
? gi Natural Mineral Water?
* 1^*- known fer centuries and 4
O HaUiTk imnorted n
cored, by tbesa
JLittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspcpria,
tndlgeilon and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect reiravdy tor Dizxlness, Nausea, Drcnvs!-
ness, Bad Taste la the Mouth, Coaied Tongu*
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Rrsjulate the Bowsls. Purely Vegetable.
S?naii Pill, 8mall Dose.
-Si>ia!l Price. '
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And . . .
SodaJJprings.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located tn the midst of grand and Impress!-?*
moan tain scenery, wltb Mount Snaat*
and the Crags for a
backzrennd.
TCSTB HUNTING AND FISHINO.
Unsurpassed eolslne and service and reason-
able rates.
RAILROAD FARES, round trip, lsclad'.ng
¦leeper both ways. 914.
For rates, terms and ether information ad-
dress: B. B. PIXLHT. Manager.
Cajv Pacific Improvement Company,
Crocker Building. San Francisco.
FAMOUS
OILROY HOT SPRINGS
Th« waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Goct. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia, Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and nsii~.-'
ing. No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. J1I to 114 per week. Trains-
leave Third and Townsend streets.- 9. F.. 9 a.'
m. and 2:45 p. m. dally. Carriages at Gllrov
(cr springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.. ;
CI/'/lrT'"^ HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA/
OIViAvlVlO County; only VJi hours
from San Francisco and but nine miles of. .
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues:-.
bett natural bath In State: grand mountain
scenery; good trout streams at door: telephone.
telegraph; dally mall and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:.,
morning and afternoon stares; round trip fronv
Ban Francisco only ?3 50. Take Tiburon ferrv
at 7:30 *. m. or l:JO p. m. Terms. %2 a. day of,
$12 a week. Reference* — Any truest of the past
fl*e yeara: patrooaee cortstanMv inTemin^.
J. T. MTLfsnEW. Proprietor/.?-
OPENS MAT 1st. Round Trip. U 73. Send r->r
Circulars. FREESE & JUERGE.N3EX.
Proprietors. City office. 913 Larkin street.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM- j^fflg
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the ad- '
vantages of a health resort as well as being SV
fu!ly equipped sanitarium. Carriage meet* all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cat-
LAUREL DELL LAKE. Y
The mos» attractive place In Lake County to-'
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl-'
Ing. tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Write for
circular to ¦ H. WAMBOLD. ;
Laur»l Dell. Lake C«untr. Cal.
I vJOLlTil 1 L. Francisco. Tia the Big-
Oak Fiat route. Stages leave Chinese Stauoa
en line Sierra R. R. daily. Round trip from,
San Francisco $32. For further Information cair '
or address WM. J. WHITE. Generai Anent..
630 Market St.. a. F.; telephone Main 5iS2. - ;,.
MflYTPVKrA OPEN MAT- 1st: tens of
IIIIMIE I i 3 I A fruit: helo yourself: Illus-
trated circular. THOMAS E. MORGAN. Dutch.
Flat. CaL :
PLEASANT VIEW IIOTEL-Iron and Magnesia
Springs. 'These celebrated springs and hervUhi ¦
resort adjoin the well-known Fartlett Sprinsw. .
Good fishlnsr and hunting.' Home cookins an<*
good beds; %S 50 to 110 per week. Cottages for
housekeeping. MRS. H. HOPPIN, Bartlett
I Springs. Lake County. ¦'.•¦¦
PLKASAXT VIEW HOTEL— Iron and Magnesia
Springs. These celebrated spring* adjoin tlart-
lett Springs. Flshlnsr; hunting: home cook-
ing; gwd beds; $.S f,0 to 110 wk. : cotta«r<?s for
hk'pg. MRS. H. HOPPIX. Bartlett Spgs.. Cal.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch. Ova
miles from Santa Cruz: delightful summer
home In redwoods; running water: abundaan -.
fruit: good table; terms *3 SO week. Addreu
W. CRANDELL. Santa Cruz. CaL
GLEN OAKS RANCH — Nice surroundings:
comfortable rooms: jrood table: convenient
location. Address F. QUIEN. Glen El!en. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call;
16 paxes. In wrapper, for mallin,?. II per year..
WEEEL CALL
cJ It Publishes the Cream of tlw
News 01 the Week and
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS TME BEST WEEKLY
<J PAPER O.NTM8
_J PACIFIC COAST
3 v — / "^
3 The Bast \ / Mir.ing
°\ Telegraphic \S Sewtz That
c^ Service oo /\. Is Accurate
01 The Coast / \&uptodatu
cl Not a Line of it Sensational
o/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
~) it Dry or Uninteresting.
OC Bright. Clean. A Champ od •!
J Thoujhttul- 1 rotii.
3 A CAUrORNU \EWSPAPt8
2 AU THE TOIL
,3 IT ADVOCATES 1 SLYT BY
n HOME MAIL, SI
C^ INDUSTRIES \ A tZMH
Enlarged to 16 Pages
j8Slf8BflSb>^RHHBlGBil^BBH9KHBMkr^H8fij{
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1b A GREAT ItkdTCIlATiVE, INVlUOilA.
tor and Nervine.
The roost wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the S«xual Organs for both sexea.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases, of the KU.
neys and BUdder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER, AX.FS & BRUNE. Agttnt*.
ta Market at.. S. F.— (Send for Circuit*.}
FOR AN OUTING.... \
VI3TT ONE OP THE MANT MINEHAI.
SPRING RESORTS ALONG THE
California... .
Northwestern
Railway Co.
"Lessee of SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH
PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
(THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE OP CALI-
FORNIA.)
Where the Famous Mineral Waters
of the World Are Duplicated.
If . yon prefer the elmplo home life of the
Ranch, free from fashion's restraints, there
are many In our "section from wfttch to choose.
But If you would rather the tent tn some
shady nook, near a lovely lake, cr on the bank
of some beautiful stream, remember such loca-
tions are numerous and free of charge.
Call for "VACATION." a little book Just
issued by the Company, plvlng Camping Loca-
tions, Hotels. Mineral Spring Resorts, and a
list of one hundred and sixty-seven Farina and
hemes. ¦where Board for the Summer can be se-
cured at from $3.00 to $3.00 per week.
Ticket Off.c». tZO Market street <Ch-t)nlde
' bulldlcp).
; General Office. Mutual Life bufldln*. San-
some and California streets. San Francisco.
H. C. WHITING.
General Manager.
R. X. RYAN.
General Passenger Agent
THE EVERLASTING HILLS
Covered with Llv« Oaks and bathed In •
BUi:shlne, with no fogrs to chill or winds
to distract, are spread before .ycu as
you rfst and enjoy life on the broad
verandahs of
PASO KOBLES HOT SPRINGS.
j Bathhouse 213x60 feet, cost $23.00o;
one side lor women. Comoetent men
and women masseurs. Rheumatism.
Uyspepsla or Catarrh, so common near
the coast, are impossible here— the Hot
Mineral Mud. Sulphur and Hot Sana
Baths make it so.
Every modern convenience at the ho-
tel. Rates for hotel, baths and physi-
cian, $10 to $21 a week.
SPECIAL EOCND-TRIP REBATE TICSET3.
For further tnformatlr.n apply to
FRANK W. ELY. City Agent.
Tel. Red 23S6. 640 Market st.. S. F.
Otto E. Never, Proprietor, Paso Rabies, C\\.
PAR4IS0 HOT- SPRINGS, Capl8 A b^ r °,L.
Monterey County." Cal. — For health, rest,
climate .that cannot be equaled: up-to-data
accommodations: beautiful scenery; profusion
of flowers: hct soda, sulphur and electric
bathn: ewlTnmlnir tar.k 30x60 feet. Our masseurs
• re ail irradiates. Hunting and flshlntr: chil-
dren* playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
fiance hall: lane* hctel and 30 cottagres. afford-
ing cpecUl accommodations for families: all
illuminated by ea». Br train. Third and Town-
rend streets. Fan Francisco, 9 a. m. : First and
Broadway. Oakland. 9:10 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad ther by stage over beautiful level road 7
mile* to spring". Round-trip tickets. I?, at S.
P office. C13 Market street. Telephone and
poytofftee. For lllti«trart»d namphW* and fur-
ther Information addr««« E. I*. PKRRAULT.
M. r>.. proprietor and r»«lder»t physician.
GO TO
BYRON
HOT SPRINGS.
It's THE Sanitarium. These Wonderful
Hot Mineral Baths will cure your Rheu-
matism and Malaria. Addres* ' ': ';
A BETTEXS. Mgr.. Byron Hot Spits.. Cal
Or Ivombard & Co.. City Agents, room
20. Zf> Genry st.
ROWARDENNAN
IN THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Now open and offering every charm to pleas-
ure and health-seekers. Boating, swimmlnjr,
fifhlnK tennis, croquet, billiards, bowling alley.
Bolf links, good driving and saddle . horses, su-
perior table. Campers" ticket from San Fran-
cisco $3.00. Full information at Traveler office.
20 Montgomery st,. or B. DICKINSON, Lessee.
Ben Lomond. Cal.
VIGHY SPRINGS.
Three mile* from Uklah. Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths; only
place in the world of this class of waters
paving continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from sprines to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds: flshinic and hunting: crystal spring :
accommodations and table first class. Opens
April 15th/
J. A. REDKMF.YER ft CO.. Proprietors.
I>K. C\ C. O'DONTfKtt'S MINERAL
SPKINGS at Glen Ellen Is the best camptn*.
picnic and pleasure resort on the Coast. Th»
greatest remedy for lung disease, liver and
Ktomach complaints, rheumatism and catarrh In
the world: 46 miles from S. F. Ths S. P. R. R.
and S. F. and N. P. R. R. give spoclal rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents- rurnished:
rent cheap. No fogs nor pol«on oak at the
park. Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O*DONNEL,L. office 10I1H
Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. 8. F. If
ycu want your health this Is the place to xo.
THE COTTAGE.
Nine miles from Redwood City. In the heart
of Portola Vailey. among the redwoods.
You can find rest and comfort for a few
weeks .during the summer vacation. Plenty of
fishing and cood drives. Terms J5 to $10 per
week. Only a limited amount of room.
Address JAMES C. ELY. P. M.. Portola. Cal.
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate
fine fljhins. excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poiscn oak. no pests. An ideal spot
for families. See •'The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June 1. Address MRS. H, M.
CLEMOXS. Virginia City. Nev.
THE WELLESLEY,
California and Larkin Sts.. San Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietress.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES.
Will be opened, under new management. May
15. New hotel being built. Flshlnir. . hunting,
boating and hathlne. Address O. WEISMAN.
Laurel. Dell P..O.. Lake County. Csl- '¦?S*S!
FI IVIftVTF HftTFI LOS oatos. cai.-
CL IHIMIC UU1lL» Beautiful e r o u n d «.
magnificent view .and first-class accommoda-
tions. 'Large sunny rooms. Special rates to
families. Free 'bus meets every train; 55 miles
from San Francisco- Fare. $1 85.
Kenilworth Ino, Mil! Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
i Ilards,> lawn tennis. , croquet. Strictly, flrst-
I class. For r terms apply to Mrs. P. J. Martina,
1 Natural Mineral Water
ufaft known fer centuries and
i $S=rtR imported
ApMi ONLY IN BOTTLES.
x-p^if&k. Per Disordered St:rxach
'ffpM£x£K& £-i Indigestion
~^ftl?- lt3 va:ue hls been testi.
t&S^S^ ficd t0 fc y thousands.
ViCHY So-called Vichy in Sy.
r^Tr'Si'Zj phons
g^§?4.§| IS NOT VICHY.
'^Xjl Get the Genuine.-
¦lr-x~~~>! **?: Your physician
S-ga^iS! A. ViaJCIEB, Distribatlag Ag«nt
0-»O-» O ?-O^O ? O-»-O-»-O -»-O-«-0-»-0
ADVERTISEMENTS.
is a liquid food
at tones e s y s "
n^l^^^^^. tem - I* s use brings
and vigor. Aids the nursing
mother and the baby,, the.- aged,, the -
ill, the convalescent. Physicians
know and recommend it. All
Druggists .sell it. Prepared by
Anheuser-lBusch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers of the Original Budweiser, Faust, Michelob, Anheuser-Standard,
; Pale-Lager, Export Pale, Black and Tan, Exquisite and Malt-Nutrine.
- TB-^T-rvft-Q^^ TjELAVETi.
3 Distinct RouTES^SiL^aS^pQdeD Lte^Ml
Pullman Palace CAM rn ,. |r;rnn^ DENVER-OMAHA with™ it tkfM
AND URDINARY ,W KAl .1 M 0 *iur»ruir*rn ru . W rc KSR5^3
SleepingCaRS i\nnuiuuu AiNDCriiCAGO change. >?^^mI
x- Bifl flPAWnF 15 THE GNLY TRANSCONTINENTAL LINE PASSING Ifflffm
rH[ ufrcTFDM dv DIRECTLY THR0UGH SALT LAKE CITY ' mm
WE5TERH t(Y. LEADVILLE > c oi_oRADo springs MwfM
¦amo DENVER. M'Wliik
Foe? Pates , cescf?/pt:\/e: At^rr£-f? ere. fNQU/QE OF
GEO.W.HEIMTZ, F.W.THOMPSON to/W -^ =C "^ S^'^^
Gen V Pan v Apt v<? MARKET St. , Pj/jce Mote/, '**?£
SALT LAKE CITY. S/JAV J^/PAtS-SCSSCO. ' * /->
j|%3ts*j«Ob| jjft I^MJ-i jJEji D miaB I (fi?CHARLES DICKENS.
The board of directors of the Odd Fel
lows* Cemetery have decided to add to the
present equipment cf the crematory by
the buildlnsr of another columbarium. .Su
perintendent George R. Fletcher of tha
cemetery has been commissioned to pro
ceed East to secure plans. He will ristt
all the important crematories In .the prin
cipal cities and secure the very best plans
on which the new columbarium will bo
built. The full capacity of the present
columbarium is taxed to accommodate thrj
applications for niches In which the adh«-M
of those cremated are preserved. The new
columbarium will have a nlcbe capacity of
10.000, with room to add to thia when It
may become necessary.
To Build Modern* Columbarium.
Six- furlongs." -selling— Beekman won. Ben
Frost second. Mizzouri third. Time, 1:194.
Six 'furlongs, selling— Crinkle won, Estill sec
ond. Agitator third. Time. l:lSVi- -\
; The Latonia , Turf Congress handicap, one
mile and an eighth — John - Bright won. Fries
land-second."'Pink" Coat third., -Time. 2:01U- -
Six furlongs, selling:— Iris v.on, Ixjulsvllle
BkJle second. By Butterfly third. Time. l:21«i.
¦ Five furlongs— Erma won, Reclna Lee second
Mrs. Gannon third.' Time. ¦ l:CfiVx. ... ¦"."/,-¦¦
One mil*, selling — Banished won; Lord Zenl
second. Great Land third. Time, l:4S»i. ; ,
CINCINNATI. May 20.— John Bright
won .the Latonia Turf Congress "handicap
to-day with 127 pounds up after a live
ly contest with Friesland and Pink Coat.
The race."- which was at a mile and one
elsrhth. was run over a heavy track In the
slow-time of'2:01«i. Pink Coat was fa
vorite at 6 to 5. but did net like the going
and tired badly after going a. mile. The
race was worth $1710 to the winner.' Erma
was the only. winning favorite. Results:
TURF CONGRESS HANDICAP.
NEW YORK, -iay 20.— A. W. Scott of
San Francisco Is at the Holland; Louis
Holbeck and wife of San Francisco are at
the Empire; J. H. Dickinson of San Fran
cisco Is at the Fifth Avenue.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
Tarn Pul Shum of the Chinese''diplo
matic corps, arrived at the Occidental yes
terday on his way to Lima, Peru, where
he will Join the legation in the capacity
of interpreter.
F. "\V. Bosworth. a druggist of Hllo, Ha
waii, and his wife arrived yesterday on
the Gaelic and are guests at the Occi
dental. .... : " x
State Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion Thomas J. Kirk and wife are at the
Palace.
M. Schroder of Berlln'and Z. de Eipey
rlere of Paris are registered at the Cali
fornia.
Mark L.. McDonald, a capitalist of Santa
Rosa, is a guest at the Occidental.
F. W. Glade, a retired planter of Hono
lulu, and his wife are at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
First round— J. Smith beat Halght by default;
J. Whitney beat A. Owen by default; BUvcn
beat Painter by, default; P. Oilier beat Kahn,
6—2 6— 3; Rosenberg beat Code, 7— 5, "—i; W.
Collier beat Jones by default.
Second round — John»on .- beat Ersklne. 6 — i,
6—1; Bailey beat Maiw* by default; G. Smith
beat F. B. King by default; G. Whitney beat
Bliven by default; Rosenberg beat P. Collier,
6—1. 6— I: W. B. Collier beat W. McGavln by
default: J. D." McOavin beat C B. Root, 2 — 6,
S— fl T— 5; R. W. Whitney beat H. W. Crowell,
6— 2. '7— 5. .". ¦ ' "- :\-:.- •-¦-
Third round— Johnson beat Bailey by default-
George Whitney beat G. S-mith. 9r-7, 4-8, 6—0;
W. B. Collier beat Rosenberg. . 6— 4, 2— «. S— 3;
R. -N. Whitney beat J. D. McOavln. 11— 9. 6—1.
Semi-finals— George Whitney, beat Johnson,
6— 3, 6-^0; Robert N. Whitney beat W. B. Col
lier.; S~4, 2-6, 6-3. - .--•;--¦
The open invitation. tournament on the
California Tennis Club courts yesterday
morning and afternoon drew, a number of
racket but few outsiders. The
tournament was a scratch affair and was
noticeable for the wholesale defaulting.
The Whitney -brothers, worked their way
through the list to the finals, which wlil
be played off Saturday afternoon. Tho
scores:
WHITNEY BROTHERS WILL
PLAY IN FINAL MATCH
liberal with his bases on balls. Timely hitting ;
throughout. Attendance, 6'KJ*. Score, first game:
Clubs— R. Hj E.
St. Louis 5 9 1
Brooklyn 17:
Batteries— Hughey and Robinson; Nops arfd
Farrell. Umpire— Hurst.
Four bases on balls and three hits gave St.
Louis a lead of six runs "at the start to-day
and rent Kennedy to the bench. The Brooklyns
made a big effort to win. knocking Jones out
of the box. but Young stopped them effectually,
while Kltson was touched up in lively fashion
toward the end. Attendance, 11,000. Score,
second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 11 J" ;
Brooklyn « I , 3
Batteries— D. Jones. Young nnd Criger;^ Ken
nedy, Kitson and Farrell. Umpire— Hurst.
NEW YORK, May 30.— Pittsburg won this
morning's game through timely batting in the
sixth and seventh Innings. Attendance, 3000.
Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg T n 5
New York 6 8 2
Batteries— Ha wley and Bowerman; . Waddell
and Zlmmer. Umpire— Swartwood.
/ The New Yorks turned the tables on the
Plttsburgs this afternon through clever base
running and errors of the Pltssburg Infield.
The fielding of Davis and HIckman was a reat
ure. Attendance, 15,000. Score, second game:
Clubs— ..- -V:^'i ¦ R. H. K.
New York 9 S 5
Pittsburg • 15 5
Batteries— Carrick and Bowerman; Phillppl
and O'Connor. Umpire — Swartwood.
Brown second. Hungry Hill third. Time, 1:16>4-
One mile ar.d a quarter, selling— Musket won,
Rebel Jack second. Abusive third. Time, 1:15^.
One mile ar.d *<*venty yards— Dr. Cave won,
Russell R second. Sir Philip Sidney third.
Time. 1 :<?»;. t
The Memorial stake, value Jl.VKV five and a
half furlongs— Verify wnn, Triaditza second.
Ed L third. Time. 1:10*i.
One mile— Sam Phillips .won. La Josephine
second. Algol third. Time. 1:43.
Six furlongs, selling— Ned 'NYlckes won. JVin
etto second, Easter Card third. Time. 1:17.
FIELD DAY FOR QUAKERS.
Win Two Games, While Brooklyn
Loses a Double-Header.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia .21' 10 .6PT!ChIcago IT 16 .515
Brookl'--n ....19 14 .576 Cincinnati ...12 19 .3*7
St Ixjiiis 17 14 .548 New York. ...11 19 .387
Pltt«tmrg ...19 16 .543 Boston 10 15 .357
PHILADELPHIA. May 30.— There was noth
ing noteworthy In this morning's game be
tween Chicago and Philadelphia. Both teams
played rather carelessly and Philadelphia won
bv good batting. Dcnohu* pitched a steady
game, while Griffith was hit when hits' were
needed Attendance, 10.47L Score, first same:
Clubs— R- II- E.
Chicago 2 8-4
Philadelphia 5 1! S
Batteries— Griffith and Chance; Donahue and
McFarland. Umpire— O' Day.
Callahan's curves were Ineffective against
Philadelphia's heavy hitters In the afternoon
rame and the home team made enoueh runs
in the first Inning to win. Chicago played a
raggf-d game In the field and Bernhard kept
the hlt«= scattered. Attendance, IS. ill. Ecore,
second game:
Clubs— R. . H. E.
Chicago » 11 5
Philadelphia IS 1« 1
Batteries — Callahan and ' Donohue; Bernhard
end McFarland. Umpire— O' Day.
BOSTON. May 30. — Dineen was very effective
at critical times in this morning's (tame, while
Pcott was batted nt will after the fifth. Free
man's brilliant capture of Smith's long: drive
In the ninth was a feature. The game was
marred by a Kreat deal of kicking by players
on both teams. - Attendance. «500. Score, first
game: . /
Clubs— R. II. E.
Cincinnati 4 10 3
Boston S II o
Batteries— Dlneen and Clark; Scott and Peitz.
Umpire— Emslle.
In the afternoon game to-day both teams
scored the same numljcr of hits, but Boston
manaceil to make theirs when men were on
bases and *o won eastlr. The fielding of both
clubs wa* excellent. Attendance, SOW. Score,
•econd ;"ne:
Cluh>«— R. H. E.
Boston 7 9 1
Cincinnati 3 9 o
Batteries— Lewi* and Sullivan; Phlllppis and
Wood. Umpire— Emslle. '
NEW YORK.' .May 30.— St. . Louis outplayed
Brooklyn in . this morning's game. Hanlon
tried his left-handed pitcher, Nops, who was
DODGE SAYS TAX ROLL
ESTIMATE IS TOO HIGH
Assessor Dodge sent a communication
to the Board of Supervisors yesterday in
which he says that the estimate of ' the
Finance Committee of $400,(K»,<») for the
tnx ro'l for the next fiscal year i3 too
litgh. He also says that it will be unsafe
to proceed on such an assumption, as the
I o»nJ will be ccuntlr.g on having a much
larger sum at its disposal than the facts
vi.rrar.t. The communication continues:
¦'The Supreme Court has recently struck
J2.000.000 from the roll. Why It is still in
sisted that /the roll will aggregate 1400.-
IO0J0O9 1 am at a loss to understand. 1 can-
Ciot arbitrarily raise the valuation of prop
erty to inor«- than its market value in
order to raise a certain revenue. It is
as unjust to the community to overvalue
property as it !e to allow it to be under
aswefted.
"When :hp dollar limit was adopted
with the ndoption of th<i charter the tax
roll was $£*).(tt0.0ft0. It was on this amount
that tb* framers of the charter estimated
the rev<-nuf for the expenses of the char.
ler povorr.raent. Since then I have added
IS.WO.009 to the roll, making ia?t year
FZTSjOOOjOOQ on which the taxr-s were col
l<-<-ted. thus inctvaslng the revenue $250,-
C00 over the charter estimates.
•'I-aft year there was raided by taxation
rovcnue : to the amount of J3.S3S.7K. This
}*-a*- yctir Finance Commltt"*? proposes to
?aifc- by taxation $4.;43.O0O. The additional
revenue raised last year from other
fourres was fMSLETB; this year j-ou esti
rnate th'e amount to be bo raised at 11.236,
700.'. -That if. believing a larger revenue
than that ral^ei! last year to be neefs
f-ary, you reduce the amount to be raised
from source s ovrr which you largely have
enmrr,!, a? lhat rai^od from licenses. f>es.
*tr.. by $41 .*>"£: and Increase the amount
to be -raised !>v me as Assessor, through
taxation, by S3S1.Z75. In consideration of
in*-** fnrtp. if more revonu.* Is positively
required than was last year. I Bubmlt
that it would be more in keeping with
reason and justice to look elsewhere lor
this revenue than to overtaxed real
estate."
Memorial Stakes at St. Louis Won by
Verify in the Mud.
ST. LOUIS. May 30.— Eight thousand
persons witnessed the racing: at the Fair
Grounds to-day. A heavy rainfall this
morning left the track fetlock deep in
m< The Memorial stake, a handicap sweep
stake at" five and one-half furlongs, was
"the feature of the. card and brought to
eethor a field of the best sprinters on the
Western turf. Verify was Installed as
the favorite and won cleverly by two
lengths from Triaditza. • * ellowtall also
Six furlongs. won, Marie O.
YELLOWTAIL ALSO BAN.
Results:
Hurdle handicap, one mile and three-quar
t^rs—Dr. Klchberg won. Mnio second, Athemaa
third. Time. 3:17.
One talle and a sixteenth — Jamu won. Walt
Vot **cond. Intrusive third. Time, 1:47 3-5.
The Bedford, four and a half fusions*, selling
— Tonicum won. Maiden second. Quiz II third.
The' Parkway, on* mile and a sixteenth— Imp
»on. Kinley Mack second. Survivor third. Time,
Five furlongs— Luerana won. Alfonso second,
¦me Golden I'rince. third. Time, 1:01 4-5.
Klve and a half furlong, selling— Hester
•won Trurcpft eecond. Kamara. third. Time,
Fifteen Thousand Persons See
the Great Mare Win the
Handicap.
NETT YdRK, May 30.— A holiday crowd
of 15.000 spectators stood up and cheered
with the wildest enthusiasm as the great
mare Imp galloped home in front In the
Parkway handicap at Gravesend to-day.
Imp was the favorite at 9 to 5. while
Kinley Mack, the Brooklyn handicap win
ner, Charentus and Survivor all got a
steady play at about 3 to 1. O'Connor
took Imp to the front at once and set the
pace. Charentus ran lapped with ner
around tbe first turn and up the back
stretch, with the others trailing. As they
rounded the far turn O'Connor let out a
wrap on Imp and in a dozen strides she
was two lengths in front. Survivor moved
up into second place and Kinley Mack was
fourth. When straightened out for the run
home O'Connor again took hold of Imp
and the black mare crossed the line hard
held two lengths to the good In l;46 4-5. a
record for the track. Kinley Mack was
four lengths in front of Survivor, which
beat Charentus a head for third money.
SPEEDY IMP HAS
ONLY TO GALLOP
IN THE PARKWAY
was of it. the voice, as no one has been
before, of the most numerous and perhaps
the most Influential of English classes.
And this explains, too, something in tho
style of Dickons which has called forth
the remarks of critics. It is always sim
ple, often vivid and impressive, but ii
lacks distinction— it is not based upon tha
best models. His trick of dropping into
rhymeless verse In scenes where he la
very much in earnest betrays an ignor
ance of the real secrets of proso s*y|f-
There Is not a passage anywhere In his
works that 'will compare for beauty of
rhvthm and charm of diction with flft;'
that couM be culled from the pages of
But when all -this 13 said now much re
mains! Dickens left a great mass of
work, not all of it by any moans of e<iua
value., but all permeated by the essential
characteristics of his genius. First, per
haps, among these Is hi* immense vitality.
Dickens was alive to his finger tips. an-I
there Is a sense of power in his work tnat
denotes the master. Its very imperfec
tions, are in a way a testimony to Jtf*
strength. He was no painter of delicate
miniatures, but worked with a Droaa
brush, dashing off one masterpiece and
hurrying on to another, without stopping
to correct imperfections or put on finish
ing touches. Closely connected with this
vitality is his hjfniens® power of Imagina
tion. It was in the true sense creative.
The people in his books are real to U3 be
cause in the process of compositi->n they
became real to iiim. He heard every word
they said, he has told us: he had but to
pit down at his desk and straightway he
saw Tet this imagination never strayed
from real life. It sprang from his own
prodigious knowledge of certain phases of
fife, of the great world-city of London an-1
the people that dwelt therein, of the little
provincial towns of Central and Southern
Ensrland. of the roads and stopping places
that linked these to the capital. He was
no Shakespeare, to reconstruct a world
he had never known. He had little sym
pathy with the classic or romantic past;
but what he himself had seen and felt h»
could embody with a certainty of hand
rarely equaled. And this power of imag
ination shows Itself alike in description
and characterization. Ilia power of obser
vation enabled him to seize a scene and
convey It to us with a thousand touches
of exact description that make it more
than lifelike, that make it live. We can
taste the air of one of his London fogs.
And so. too. hi3 characters— that is to say.
the characters In which he was really
interested— arc alive. The unreal 1 char
acters of Dickens are for the most p?»rt
the unhappy product of his taste for melo
drama, and have no part in his creativg
power. But when this Pot« has free
play Dickens' hand is like that of the
great masters. And he has added to Eng
lish literature a greater number of char
acters that seem destined to immortality
than any author since Shakespeare.
If we try to count up those character*
it will be apparent that most of them
belong to the field of comedy— Mr. Pick
wick and Sam Weller. and Bumble and
Sairey Gamp— but why attempt a list
wh»n so many clamor for adrtission" And
this shows most clearly wherlln the true
power of Dickens lies. He is the greatest
comic genius of this century. There ar«
comic figures enough In Thackeray, but
those that we remember best, Becky and
the colonel and Beatrix Esmond, belong
to another sphere of art. But Dickens,
destined from the beginning to add to the
gayety of nations, is at his best In com
edy, and he is master of every branch of
the art. Botsterous farce, laughing dia
logue, the finished comedy, of manners.
th« bitter comedy of satire — we may draw
classical examples of each from his pages.
And when to this great and admirable
power we add the other qualities of the
man. his honest sincerity, his far-reaching
sympathy, his faith, his hope, h!s love.
w"e find no reason to wonder at hla un
bounded success In his own time — the
time. too. of Thackerav and Geor*e Eliot
and Hawthorne and charlotte Bront€>—
and much reason to pltv thossA who in
these degenerate days profess to nave out
grown Dickens.
Few writers* of our century have put
more of themselves Into their work than
did Charles Dickens. Not only did he use
his own observations and experiences
make free with the characters of his
friends, introduce even his own parents in
more or less ridiculous roles, but h!s
whole work, from the "Sketches" to "Ed
win Drood." is an embodiment and expres
sion of himself. He actually proposed at
one time as the title of a periodical he
was ..planning,- "Charles ¦ Dickens, Con
ductea by -.Himself,*'- and this title might
be given to the whole body of his work.
Certain characteristics of ;wi". when
grasped, explain, if they do not altogether
The Man and His Work.
In the last years of his life Dickens was
not only a most prolific novelist, but an
editor, a public speaker and an amateur
actor. He seemed possessed by a demon
cravinsf for employment. "I have now no
relief but action." he wrote to Foster. "1
am become, incapable of rest. I am quite
confident I should rust, break and die If X
spared myself.", Finally. In his desire for
action and sensation, he threw himself
upon the famous public readings, which
gave him the excitement he craved,
doubled his fortune and eventually killed
him. P0OT|BMM(RH
From this time on we note k change in
Dickens. Not altogether for the worse.
"Bleak House" stands very high among
his books. "Little Dorrit" and "Great Ex
pectations" contain some of 1:1s most fin
ished work and some of the later sketches
combine the old keenness of observation
with a new depth and wealth of experi
ence. It Is plain, too. that Dickens be
stowed more time and pains upon his later
work. His first books had been in effect
improvisations: they appeared as a rulo
in monthly numbers, and Dickens was
seldom far ahead of the printers" devil.
In 1S55 he began for the first time to take
notes for future work and to plan his
novels more carefully. But with the first
fine careless rapture much of the old
light-hearted mirth had taken flight.
There is. !n fact- a certain tone of bitter
ness In some of his later works which
is at once new and distressing. He expert
mented. too. not always successfully. In
unaccustomed methods. "The Tale of
Two Cities" Is a novel of pure Incident.
"Hard Times" a novel of unmixed
polemic. And. as always, he took upon
himself labor enough to crush a dozen
men.
His Later Work.
Selfishness In all Its forms, the national |
sin Of brag, the national sin of hypocrisy. ,
are held ¦ up in Dickens' liveliest fashion
to scorn and ridicule. But. after all, it is j
not for the' moral purpose that we rernem- I
ber the book, nor for the confused and
Improbable plot, but for the high com- »
edy of the scenes at Todgers and in j
America, for the life and movement of the |
dialogue, and for the superb power «
character creation which reached its ,
zenith In the figure of Salrey Gamp.
We must of necessity pass overmuch i
of Dickens' work. The "Christmas Carol ;
tempts us to linger over its genial humor ,
and tender sentiment. "Dombey and Son
attracts us as much by the fun of Cap- I
tain Cuttle and the pathos of little Paul ;
as It repels by the melodramatic figures j
of Carker and handsome Alice. In some
of Its scenes from would-be high lire .
Dickens seems to be treading upon ,
ground belonging to a greater artist and
his work suffers by the inevitable com
parison. But in his next novel he is his I
inimitable self again and here he touches j
his highest point.
"David Coppcrfield" Is by far tho most t
popular of Dickens' books, and with rea
son Abandoning all pretense at a plot he !
here reverts to the old seventeenth cen- !
turv fashion of story-telling and -ives free
rein to his fancy in the creation of char
acter and the invention of incident. As
every one know?., the story of his own
earlv life and ctruggles is written large j
in this book and for this reason perhaps j
theie is in it a depth and sincerity of sen- i
timent thnt we miss elsewhere. For once
too the sta.?c villain and his unnatural
devices are banished. Steerforth. who In j
a measure takes his place. «s a very hu- ;
man creature, perhaps the best represen
tative in English fiction of a not uncom- i
mon type. Uriah Heep Is. no doubt, a
grotesque, but he has a reality which ,!.<» !
lacking in Dickens' earlier experiments in I
thi" direction. And just because the book :
lacks purpose, is not written to expose any
thaxn or to denounce any aburc, it is per- j
vaded bv a sunny geniality that can never .
fall to warm the heart. Human kindness i
Christian charity, the love of parent and ,
child cf husband and wife, rise clear and
strong above the clash of contending pas- i
sions.' and the. closing scenes are perhaps ,
the truest and tenderest in all the work of
Dickens He did much and much that
was good after "David Copperfield." but
never anything that was quite on the
same plane. /
Foresters Have Their Annual Outing
Under Very Pleasant
Auspices.
The rank and file of the Ancient Order
of Foresters, together with the Lady
Companions of the Forest, accompanied
by the'.r numerous friends, set off at an
early hour yesterday morning on picnic
pleasure bent. It was the twenty-sixth
anniversary of the order's outing in the
wildwoods and glens of California. Thi?
time they monopolized Schuetzen Park,
where the 2CXI pleasure seekers enjoyed
themselves to their hearts' content. The
day was all that could be desired for a
snh-bleaching, and those of the gentle
sex who owned white complexions re
turned home with an Arizona bronze.
The affair was under the auspices of the
picnic association of the order. The of
llcers who were there were: j Permanent
Secretary John Falconer, who on this oc
casion acted as president of the day: Mrs.
Z. Valenti, vice. president; R. N. McLen
nan, secretary': S. Wray. sergeant at
arms. The committees were:
Reception— Mrs. Z. Z. Gale, Mrs. Fe
rendz. Mrs. Thompson, Mrs. A. Boehm,
Mrs. Ginles, Mrs. Andevoon, Mrs. Peters,
Mrs. Pemberthy and Mrs. Phillips.
Sports — W. F. Jones, J. Schneider, J.
Winters, R. Hahn, G. Wi!liam3, F. B.
Benther and George Schalick.
The tallowed floor of the pavilion was
kept occupied with merry dancers under
the direction of A. Zarsen, who acted as
floor manager. The following were the
winners of the prizes for race contests:
Race for boys under 12 years^ — II. Walsh won,
E. Banchou second.
Race for j;lrls under 12 years — H. Hanges
won, E. Jackson second.
Race for boys 13 to 15 years— W. Kelly won,
O. Kelly second.
Race for jrirls 13 to 15 years — Nellie Smith
won, Katie Brown second.
Race for young men — John Kelly won. Jack
Hang?* second.
Race for youns? ladles— Julia Smith won,
Ethel Winnie second.
Race for chief and past chief rangers— jy. J.
Savage won. Tho. Pchalich second.
Race for chief and past chief companions —
Mrs. Bostrom won. Miss C. Stevens second.
Race for members or the A. O. F.— J. Clark
Jr. won, John Goodman second.
Race for members of the C. O. F.— Mrs. Han
son won. Miss Ellen Hayes second.
Race for Juveniles— John Falconer Jr. won,
A. Whlttier second.
Fat men's race — M. Coehm won, George
Peterson second.
Fat women's race— Miss Kittle "West won,
Mrs Jennie Silverman second.
Ttarec-lejrgeil race— George . Jones and L.
Parents won. M. Horson and Joe Crowley sec
ond. _
Committee race (women)— Mrs. Burger won,
Mrs. L F. Gale second. *
Committee race (men)— R. Hahn won, Charles
S. Schneider second.
ENJOYED THEMSELVES
AT SCHUETZEN PARK
T? C"ILTS and bagpipes predominated at
Vr^ Shell Mound Park yesterday, the
A \v, occasion being the thirty-fourth an
nual gathering and games of the
Caledonian Club. It was one of the most
iraccessful gatherings, financially and
otherwise-, held by the club since its In
corporation. The games commenced at 10
o'clock in the morning, and even at that
early hour a large number of people had
congregated on the grounds. By 2 o'clock
In the afternoon it was estimated that
between 800) and 10.000 people were in at
tendance.
Many lovers of Scottish games from out
side citk-s were present, and prominent
amonj? them was Colonel Thomas Mc-
Gregor of the Ninth Cavalry, who came
all the way from Denver to be present.
Among- others were Chief William Mc-
Dougald, ex-Chief D. D. McRae and Ed
Ross, piper of the Caledonian Club,
Truckee: Chief James Stewart and ex-
Chiefs John Morrison and H. K. McLen
nan of the Caledonian Club. Sacramento,
and James McNeill of Santa Cruz. The
judiciary was represented by Judge Con
lan. ar.d among other guests of the club
were: M. Lewis, the South African dia
mond merchant; Rev. Father D. J. Mc-
Kinnon. W. B. Morris, John Cornish, D.
A. McDougald, Archie Campbell, John W.
Koch and others.
A pleasing feature of the gathering was
the large number of ex-chiefs of the club,
who ably assisted Chief Angus McLeod in
receiving the guests and making them
selves otherwise useful. Among them
were D. A. Macdonald. John F. Kennedy.
V C Burnett. Christopher Chisholm, D.
R. McNfiU and John Reid.
The club was as usual generous In its
ho«pitalitv. The particular duty of enter
taining •**¦ assigned to First Chieftain
A M. Macpherson. and he received nu
m^rou* congratulations on the admirable
way in which he carried out his part of
the nrogramme. " „¦'.-'
There were forty-one events, and they
were all keenly conte-ued. D. R. Camp
bell the big policeman, carried on most
of the honors In the athletic events and
i P D Findiay was the leader in the danc
in'e " Neil Lindsay, the ciub piper, won
! the f.rst prize for the best dressed man
! in full Highland costume, and John Mor
' rison of Sacramento the first prize for
! t he host dressed man in plain Highland
costume, as they have done for several
vcnrs pack. One of the most interesting
features of the day was the dancing of
Race for eons of members and of Scottish
societies — Geor«r<? Elder won. Alex McNeill sec
ond, Harry Macphersnn third. J. McCaw anl
TTiomne Carroll Fpeclal prizes.
Handicap race for daughters of members and
of Scottish societies, under 16 years— Dollie Ross
won. Eva McFarlane. second. Grace Paul third
Vault I nip m-ith r^>>. for «nns of members and
of Scottish societies, under 16 years— James aic-
Caw won, Robert Ross second, Tom Carrol)
third.
Throwing heavy hammer, for members ar.d of
sister societies whope record is not over SO feet—
P. A. Mrlntyre won, J. A, Cameron second, J.
P. Mclntosh third.
Throwing lleht hammer, for members and o{
sistPr s<rf'ietles whose record is not over IIP
feet— J. A. Cameron won. P. A. Mclntyre sec
ond, J. P. Molntosh third.
Putting heavy stone, for .fr. embers and of sis
ter societies whose record is not over 52 feet—
D. A. Mclntyre won. J. A. Cameron second,
G. M. Tevendale third.
Putting: Il2ht stone, for members and of slstej
societies whose, rword Is not over 40 fe»t — P.
A. Mclntyre won, G. M. Tevendale second, J.
A. Cameron third.-
Georce McDonald was in charge of the
pames and they went on* without a hitch.
He was assisted bv Angus McLeod, A. M.
Macpherson, F. F. Finlay, Andrew Mc-
N'air, J. W. Cameron, Dr. J. A. J. McDon
ald. Huph Fraser, Charles A. McPhee.
William Mitchfll. J. J. Cameron. Daniel
A. McDonald. James H. Duncan, J. A. Mc-
T>*od. James Coriie. D. H. Finnle,
Thomas Wilson. A. Lauriston, W. Urqu
hart. Thomas w. Bethel and D. J. Mc-
Farlane.
Dancing was kept up in the pavilion
from 10 In the mnrninp until after" o'clock
at nitrht and the floor was always full.
The floor manager was N'orman McKin
non. who was assisted by John A. McDon
ald.
Following are the results of the games:
Quoits — John M. Connell wen, James Lawrie
Ffccnd, Robert McQueen third.
the hoy? and pirls in Kiphland dress, six
tcr-n appearing in one competition and
twenty-four in another. A tot 8 years of
a£<\ Miriam Sidney Smith, danced an
Irish jlp and the sailor's hornpipe in such
a graceful and entrancing manner as to
call forth loud applause from the thou
sands of spectators.
The tup of war between the married
and the single men as usual created the
greatest excitement. The benedicts were
captained by Hu?h Fraser and the bache
lors by Nf-il Liindsay. Much to the sur
prise of every one the latter, who were
the lighter of the two teams, won two
straight pulls. The. team winning was
composed of Paul Vestal. Alexander Mc-
Pherson. Georsre Tevendale. V. A. Mcln
tyre. J. J. McKinnon. A. D. McCormick.
C. M. Gordon and John A. McLeod, an
chor.
Rac fnr members of Caledonian Club of Pan J
FranolFco— M. W". Iieck won, I). R. Campbell •
second, James II. I'uncan third.
B€st-<1res.«ed men In plain Highlnnd costume-
John Morrison won. George Brown second, A.
MrCaw third.
Rest-dr<?5=se<i men In full Highland costume —
Neil Linflyay won. Hugh Fraser second. Wil
liam MrDouea'.d third.
Best-dre^ypd boys'ln full Highland costume—
J. P. Forrest won, Dan Smith second, John
MeC'aw thir>*.
Boys' harMicap race, under 13 years — Frank
Rr.s3 won, W. MeaJer second. D. McIJonouKh ]
third.
Grand Highland reel, men in Highland cos
tume—P. D. Finiilay won, J. S. Mclntosh sec
ond. K<1 Ross third.
Race for men — M. W. Beck won, Frank W1I
prn secontl. J. Carbery third.
Throwing heavy hammer— D. R. Campbell
won. Thomas Carroll second, J. A. Cameron
third.
Throwing llpht hammer — 1>. R. Campbell won. j
Thomas Carroll second. P. A. Mclntyre third, i
Running- hop, " etep arO jump — J. E. Murphy
won, Al Lean Fecond, Thomas Carroll third.
.Putting heavy stone— n. i( R. Campbell won,'
H. Vestal second, Thomas Carroll third.
Putrinr llKht stone— D. R. Campbell won. H.
Veytal second. Thomas Carroll third.
Hurdl* raci> — M. W. Heck won, F. "Wilson
second, F. Smith third.
Highland f.ing (men in Highland costume)—
P. V. Findlay won, Ed Ross second, Alex.
McCaw third.
Hichlaml flins; (lads and Ia!<!>ies In costume,
12 years an1 over)— Bessie Allen won, Mabel
Smith second, Margie McOillivray third.
Sword danoe (mon In costume)— J. D. Mc-
Into.«h won, E<i. Koss second. A. McCaw third.
Kunnlnc Jump — E. Williams won. J. Murphy
second. Al I>*an third.
Reel o' Tulloch (men in costume)— E<1 Ross
won. J. Mclntosh spcond, P. Findlay third.
Ladies' race— Hattie Jorns won. Xettie Ber
ther second. Miss McGuire third.
Running hlsrh leav— Al. Lean and J. Murphy
tied for first. A. Harney third.
HiKhland flinit 12 years and under)
—Sixteen competitors, prize tor each.
Ptnnding hifth leap — J. E. Murphy won, J.
FeTsmith second. I'. Mclntyre third.
Reel o" Tulloch (iads and !a?«!es In costume) —
Twenty-four competitors, prize for each.
Sack race— L. Hasebachar won, \V. Roberts
; Rpoond. .R. McAllister third.
Sword d^nce (lad.« and lassies in costume) —
Dan Smith won, Margie McOiI!!vray second,
Mabel Tfifer third. .
LonK race for men— F. Wilson won, Frank
Robson second, M. W. l?eck third.
Tossing; the caber— D. Campbell won, T. Car
roll second, J. Cameron third.
Tuk of war (married and single men) — 5ingle
men won. \
Throwing 56-pound weight— D. R. Campbell
won, T. Carroll second. J. A. Cameron third.
Race for apprentices belontrinjr to ships In
port — Frank Ross won. M. McDonough second.
Games committee race— P. H. Flnnie won, F.
Wilfon second, James Duncan third.
Cartoonist Warren's Impassions Through a Scotch Mist.
* D I>y the Prince of Wales' Diamond ]
Thr> conditions of the race were as fol
lovs': Th<- Derby stakes of GOVj sovereigns,
by f=ul scriptlons of "«0 sovereign;; each.
;::»if forfeit, or 5 povert-igns only if de
r;;ir..J by the first Tue5<lay in January.
I :'.<: for three-yea r-oids; the nominator of
the winner to receive D<)0 sovc-relgrns. the
owner <if the second sovereigns and
the oTiTirr of the third 200 sovereigns out
of ihe rtakes: dipiance about one mile
ur<\ .a half. The entries closed July 19,
2X<<. when there were 302 subscribfrp.
T!i<- foltowfns was the result In detail:
Th< I'rince fit V.'ales* b. c. Diamond Ju
biJ^e. bjr St. Simons, out of Perdita II.
ill. Jones); won; the Duke of Portland's j
b. c. Fimondal*. by St. Simon, «»ut of Is- \
mar (A. CannonK swrond: James R. \
K'-'T.fV Di5{ru;«e II. by Domino, out of I
Uonriit- Gal «Tod Sloan), third. There !
w«;r# fourteen starter?. The betting was '
< ¦ ¦ i BLgainst Diamond Jubi'.fe, 10u to C
aprdnrt and k to 1 against DIp
#.ui.s<- II. ' Diamond Jubiloe's time ¦was 2:42.
This equals Persimmons' time, is
the rc-cord for the Derby.
Richard Croker and his two 50ns were
tr.iOn? the tarty arrivals. Mr. Crokor
--.,.¦: thai he repretted that he had no
borce racing to-4lay.
Ir. the paddock prior :o the big race
t 1 r^ vv.-is a brilliant gathering. J. R.
Keened Foxhall Kcer.p and a number of
American friends wawhr-d Disguise II bt—
Ing >addled. Diamond Jubiiee was the
center of attraction and continually in
< >-a:-'-<l in popularity. As the horse*
; -.TAi^'l the l'rirce of Walrs left the club
lncl< ?urr and stood on the course, raising
h:^ hat in rrsponse to the greeting to
Disxoosd Jubilee as the colt led the pro
ceesloiL The present genoration wilt never
efface the pcene when the Prince of
Wales' IVn-immon captured the blue rib-
I>t7n of the turf, but to-day's dr-monstrn
llonj when Persimmonii* own brother gave
the Prince of Wales & second derby, was
almost its equal.
Cbevulax made most of the running to
The stretch, where Disguise II drew to
the fmnt. but pave way to Diamond Jubi
lee. For a moment, within fifty yard? of
the p°5t. Simonda^f's wonderful strid *
Evened to threaten the favorite's chances.
3-?!:- i.^ad had reached Diamrnd Jubilee's
irirth, but the latter'e Fplendid form en
abled him to maintain a Fhort length lead
in the rr.idft fcf mighty cheers, he
passed the. post a winner.
Tod Sloan, the American jockey, was
atfK» much congratulated on hi« exctllrnt
rhnwinR. and Mr. K»«*ne fxpropyed his
tstlsTaction at winning a pl.ire. inci
<!ir.?aily the American contingent were
heavy ir.srrs on the day.
The Prince and Princess of Wai*? were
afraia onthu?JaFtical!y cheered at VJctorii
station and Marll.orou?rh House, where
immense crowds awaited their return.
Diamond Jubilee's victory to-day was
worth i.7'*>'> to the Prince of Wales. Dia
mond Jubilee has won for him nearly
£!7.000 this season and the horse has four
; • at races ahead, three of them carrying
•' r-ach. in which he will mc-f-t some
< f tho competitors. It i? difficult to give
!r.g like an estimate of the amount
of the wafers, but some of the sporting
'(vrit^rs believe that £1.000,000 changed
han<5s -
James R. Keene's Disguise
II, Ridden by Sloan,
r.ONPON. May S).— At the second day's
ra ing -if the Ep5orr> summer meeting to
« y the rate for the Derby stakes wa.«
PRINCE OF WALES
DIAMOND JUBILEE
WINS THE DERBY
Dickens sprang from th« loiver middle
class, and was practically uneducated.
His point of \ieTV. in consequence, while
often that of the man of genius, is never
that ot the born gentleman or ot the
scholar. He raised himself above clrcum
.'¦rances that- would have broken the spirit
of a weaker youth by his undaunted spirit
and indefatigable exertion. His sunny
temper, love of fun and infinite capacity
for seeing the humorous Bide of thlnwa
saved him from any bitterness that theae
circumstances miRht have entailed. Ha
was sincerely religious, and hla religion
was of a very pure. If not of a very intel
lectual, type. And yet there was some
thing wanting in Dickena. To put It brat
al'y. his manners had not that repose
which stamps the caste of Vere de \ere.
There is .«omethine which Jars the sen?e
in his impatient self-will, his restless ac
tivity, his desire to ke«-p on pood terms
with the publl™. Probably no author Hv
ins would have thought It necessary to
issue the statement In regard tr> his sepa
ration from his wife that Dickens pub
lished in "Household Words." and some
thins of this Is seen in his work. He la
too dependent upon the sympathy and
rjuick response of his readers. Conscious
that "Chuzzlewit" was the Vst work he
had ever done, he was none the less ap
palled at Its comparatively unfriendly re
ception, and took Immediate measures to
stimulate the waning interest in his work.
He altered the propose', fate of Walter
<lay In "Dombey because he doubted "If
the public would stand It." Tet we must
not think that Dickens ever consciously
wrote down to his public. On t*ie con
trary, he wrote for the public because he
- ¦ ¦*:':¦¦
excuse, the more striking deficiencies of
his work. ; .--.; \-
Tie National Association of
Democratic Clubs Waxes •
[: rf. ¦ Humorous.
«
WASHINGTON*. May S\-\VlMain R.
Hearst,- ytr^Flicr.t of tho National Asso
ciation of Democratic Clubs, held a con
ference with the Democratic leaden* In
WayhingTtpn to-day regarding the plan of
campaign to be followed in the approach
ing Presidential struggle. Senator
Jnw. chairman of the Democratic Na
tional C-iinmittf*: Representative Rlch
ar<isr.;\ I>cmocratic loader in the Houfc
anA chairman of the Congressional Com
mittee; Judee Ohauneey F. Elack. Repre
sentative SiayrJen and others were pres
• : Jt was r.prc-ed that the Democratic
N* ticca] <v>mrnhtee, the Association of
Domnrmtic Club? and the Democrats
njrrt-Fsional Campaign Committee
should work in harmony. At the close of
• conference President Hearst issued
'"ilowir.jr:
,- T £ &lP*™**&* c!ab * ¦ n<! »ort«l«« of the
ted States: Recent evert* In th- hi««ry
:¦• I %ue,l f=i««i point ti the cprroachir.e
• W| ol the MrUKUy of the natirn a*
i. ••*>• that Fhouid he reiebrated with n-eclal
•vtr tj.U y<-.«r. There are th.rse in the nation
£•¦*** to or«-xt~ the :mpre*sion that the
'Iran people fame oulerotm their l<.ve for
•..» just pnn<-;i;l«M> of government expressed
.:. l( h* Declaration of Independence an.i are
1 t - nit-render their moral leadership
. :••!.«: natirn* in <rder to gratify a newly-
U.rn !r>rt:nct for imperial |.'Wfr, fr-jndei on
« '-'I. -Hi-.! system. Ail the I>emooratlc clubs
ani societies aTr . earnestly rfqu»-M.e<i to a»
• • ca th* Frurth uf July, and a!l patriotic
¦ ' -••', rr^raits? ot ran party affiliations.
e r\.¥ r P* <J to i nSa *" lth them m a new pledge
or fidelity to the republic as the fathers made
it- r
L*>t the people or the United «tates unite In
th-.-sr rmdotu cities, towns and villages in a
cf-m';n*tration cf the confidence they feel In
t!r f.-rm of geverrrment ur.'ltT whtr* the na
tion h»5 (trown ir> :?* presf-nt rreatness. The
•Isnrtr srhlrti thrfst'ns the country is real
sr<3 inrrriir.cnt. It seems ¦ rpr^priate, therefore,
?'. it ritirm? «*o beUere that th» l>e-;ara:ion
tf Ir.df; -riid^tic* if not merely an academic
ri'-'tirn* rt pbocM meet tocether on this day
ar.d fri^e voice to the national sentinicnt that
- (t'l-mra are created free and equal and that
tSvre mufi b* no subject col^nie* under the
American flag. W. H. HEARST.
I'refii. r.t National Association of Democratic
--*.. — r:-st,.'. ._••
CHIMING SOLE
OWNERSHIP OF
JULY FOURTH
During the ten years following th* first
appearance of "Pickwick" Dickens was
working at high pressure. "Oliver Twi3t"
was begun before "Pickwick" was finished
and "Nicholas Nickleby" was well under
way before the end of "Oliver" was in
sight. More "Sketches" of the old fashion
appeared; a weekly paper composed of es
says, sketches and short stories was un
dertaken; and when these failed to attract
two complete novels, "The Old Curiosity
Shop" and "Barnaby Rudge," took their
place. In 1S42 Dickena made his famous
visit to America, passed through the land
in a more than royal progress, and ve
hemently abused his hosts for their sins
in the matters of international copyright
and negro slavery. Shortly after his re
turn he began one of the greatest of his
works, "Martin Chuzzlewit." It Is per
haps underrated in this country, and not
unnaturally, seeing what vial3 of satiric
wrath its author pours out upon certain
American peccadillos. But we may at
least take comfort In the fact that tho
immortal Pecksniff is not an American
and never could by any possibility have
belonged to any other nation under
heaven than the English. The moral pur
pose runs strongly through this book.
His Flowering' Time.
BY THOMAS MARC PARROTT, PH. D
(Concluded.)
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
GOLDEN AGES OF LITERATURE.
XXIII. THE GOLDEN AGE OF
ENGLISH FICTION.
CHARLES DICKENS AND ENGLISH FICTION.
ST. LOUIS, May 30.— All the pent-up
fury of the striking emploj-es of the St.
Louis Transit Company and their sympa
thizers seems to have been expended, for
yesterday's violent demonstration and
scenes of bloodshed were followed to-day
by a pronounced lull. Up to 10 o'clock to
night only one name had been added to
the Ions casualty list, that of Anton
Chalupsky, who was shot in the legs by a
policeman.'
Chalupsky and his wife were standing
at the corner of Twelfth and Emmet
streets during the progress of a small
sized demonstration near by. and Police
man HImeles told them to move on. Chal
upsky thought he had a right to remain
if he pleased, and so informed the officer.
A second order was given, and when Chal
upsky refused he says, the officer used his
baton on his head.
Chalupsky and his wife then assailed
the officer with a shower of brickbats.
One of them struck Himeles on the arm,
painfully injuring him. Himelps drew
his revolver and tired twice at Cnalupsky.
wounding him in each leg^ An ambulance
conveyed Chalupsky to tiH City Hospital;
where his Injuries were dressed. His j
condition is not serious.
Public interest in the strike veered to- ]
day to the special meeting of the Police
Board, called to devise heroic measures to
bring order out of the strained condition
of affairs. The board met during the |
afternoon and at once decided to call upon j
Sheriff Pohlmann to summon a posse
comitatus to assist in quelling the disturb
ances incident to the streetcar strike, he
having failed In his efforts to obtain 2C00
extra policemen to preserve law and or
der. !
The action of the board seems to have |
been precipitated by the four riots in the .
southern part of the city yesterday, dur- j
ing the progress of whleh eleven persons
received wounds. Sheriff Pohlmann was j
present and held a conference with the !
Commissioners. He said he had antici- I
pated such a call and had prepared a list j
of COO names. Including many of the lead- ;
inp citizens of St. Louis, on whom he :
would calf to serve as deputies.
After, the meeting President Hawes of;
the board said the dignity of the city and I
law both required that all local agencies
for the preservation of law and order j
should be Invoked before a demand were j
made upon the State to assist in preserv- j
ing order. *
The Commissioners had, he said, asked !
the Sheriff to summon a posse of 1000 men !
for this purpose and the Sheriff had prom
ised to enlist them by Friday morning,
i serving processes upon the best citizens.
If the first call for 1000 men did not prove
effective in the next few days the Com
missioners would. Mr. Hawes said, sum
j mon another thousand and put down dis
order in the city from whatever source it
might come, if it took ten tinies the num
ber of men usked for in the rirst call.
Lull Follows Tuesday's Vio
lent Demonstrations
at Si Louis.
ONE DAY WITH
NO RIOTING BY
THE STRIKERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TI{UR&DAY, MAY 31, 100O.
HOOT MONS MAKE MERRY
AT THEIR ANNUAL GAMES
9
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLETHE SAN FBANCISCO; CAIili, THUKSDAY, MAY 31, 1900.
10
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL. ;
BCSnCSSS OFFICE of The San Francisco j
Cell, comer of Market and Thira rtreets, open
until 12 o'clock every nlgfct in the year.
BRANCH -OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street.
comer Clsiy; open tmtil 9:30 pi. m.
3C9 Hayes street; oren until 9:20 p. m.
C30 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m. '
C15 Larkin street ; tpen until S:CO p. m.
J!<« Mission street; ©pen until 10 p. m.
22C.1 Mission street, comer Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 p. m.
:03 Eleventh street; oren until 9 p.m. j
109C Valencia street; open until * p. m. !
Nortcwest corner Twenty-second and Ken- j
tu-kr FtrTte; open until 3 p. ra. J
MEUTING .NOTICES. ;
CALIFORNIA LoOe No. 1, F. and A. • !
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _*\_ j
KVENING. May 31. at 7:30 o'clock. j%ji\
Tnlrd degree. 15r order of the Maner. ' v
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodre No. #%
a:2. F. and A. M., meets TUIA f\
.THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:C0 TS3T
./dock tor woond degree. By or(*.er' V 1
iCtth* M-ttar. E. C HAKE. Secretary.
1X>RIC Loigre No. 216 F. and A. M.— m
Special meeting THiS (THURSDAY) _jp^_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. TT.ird tie- /XjK
Eree. Master Masons are invited. By/V V
order of the Master.
J. H. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
HARMONY Lodge No. 13. I. O. O. <sa-4vj,.
P.— The oniceri and the funeral
.^/ir.rciuee "f the above loUs** are
hereby notified to assemble at ' ''* % '
Ocd I>Ilrw»' Ka".i. corner of Market and
Seventh els., on THURSDAY. .May SI. 1300.
at J-:20 a. m.. fcr the purpose or attending
the funeral of our late brother. CHH. KAEfi- :
ELAN. BT orter CHAS. QUAST,
Financial Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lo^ce No. 179. I.
O. O. F.— Initiation THIS !
(THURSDAY) EVENING.
J. L. HUPMAN. N. G. 1™*™ '
HAKMONY Alliance. St. P. A. of A., will hold
Sis S:ih anr.ua! cutinj? a.-..', picnic atSchuetzen
Park on Sr'l_'Nl>AY, June 10. Valuable irate
i.nd pane prises to be contested for. Member*
of the committee will mt-et this eveninc at
IC R. B. Ha'.l. US Miwirin Bt.
FRANK O'BRIEN. Chairman. ,
TTM. COLLINS. Secretary y.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
proct-ts frcrn Robert Hill. In the Gardners
Point mine. near. Port Wine Sierra County,
to dcporlt :.. :.:.l-!- In Sawmill Ravine; from
Charl^* Hiltcn. in the l>ry Gulch placer mine,
near l'!»asant Vnl'.ey. El Dorado County, to
deposit tailir.ee In O'ear Creek; from L. Foes.
In the W'oodeliuck rr.ine. in Gold Lake Mining
I'lFtrict. F'.errn County to deposit ta'.ilncs in
¦VVocdchucli Ravine, and from the Golden Hill
Minsue Company, in the Golden Hill mine,
r.ear l J ow«;;t< r.. Eutte County, to deposit tall-
lr.p- tn « mvine. etna notice that a meeting
•will I* held at room ES, Flood buildins. San
Frar.c-.Pco. Cal.. or. June 11. lfrOO. at 1:31' p. ra.
ASTROLOGY.
I'UOF. A. MASERY of Epypt, tfreateft astrol-
ojrlPt and palmist in the world; eat!«faciioa
truarante*-!. 15 Powell rt.
SCIENTIFIC aFtrolrvrr: rendinps. EOc: mail. $1;
horofcopef. I'ROF. MONROE. i:S Turk Ft.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a Fpedalty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty. at law. S50 Market.cor.Stockton.
R. TV. KING. f27 Market et.. room C27; all
crff-e: no advance charges; call or write.
AI>VjfE free: n^ charge unless successful. W.
\V. DAVinSON. SIT Market rt., cpp. Mascn.
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckel* bids-. «7 Mar-
ket «. : consi:'.ts.t!on free; no fees in advance.
It V I II CAIIlStET — HOT AIM. VAPOJL
ROBINSON $T. 4-panel folding: door opens; firm
and pai*. W. S. nrtOWN. g°n. apt.. «2?S Ellis.
BELGIAN' IIAItES.
LORD DONCASTER Fee J15"oo
LORD DONCAPTER Fee J15 00
LORD LANCASTER Fee 115 00
On May IS we received direct from England ,
en &r.iraal kr.rwn es LORD DONCASTER. '
lV.t r.re was I'alace Cup buck of 1S3S and dam
• as w inner cf Doncaster Silver Cup of 1&3S. j
lie wen a rjriie every time he was Ehown in i
Krc:and.
H* has magnificent ehape. and without !
firubt exec!? every er.imal In America in the !
da:'k rlchr.ess of his colcr. For a very limited i
time his fee In stud will be $13. You cannot •
G<-i a like service from any buck that will !
ccraf'are with h'.ra for ie^s than t50. If your '
do«* lack color you should certainly not fail tc
bj eefi them to him.
CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE ASS'N.
ALAMEDA. CAL.
ONLY 5 cf those hlch-Rcoring English bucks
left. CRACKAJACK— SCORE, Pfi POINTS.
The only true- colored Cgolden tan) buck llvinc
CALL AND SEE HIM.
A few »!-*s b'viked to him at $10 all said.
THIS ET<->CK MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK.
C2 Montgomery St.. city.
THOROUGHBRED R^Wan does, bred to Royal
Povorfirn. j;f) to ty>: to Emrror of Norfolk.
f*0 to *.*¦); to Ajax (highest -scoring buck in
America). 535 to IVi: ycunp-sters. all strains 6
weeks, tl '.*; it w*<ks. %Z t.(>; 3 months. J5 and
17 l\ Krnworil Babbitry. IZn 14th «.. Oakland.
CUfeBIONT Belplan Hare Association— Docs
lT<?a tn Ffesbodm Prince and Royal Rochdale.
tlO to tiO: f»st Ftrain yourc-'ters, J2 to $15.
4S18 TelTraph. ave.. Oakland.
F ! Ml *£>— Very f.ne stock of hlfh-score. pedi-
rr-K-f.1 ?>:r!an haret. all scored by Mrs. Bush.
Futter rt.. San Francisco.
TKEMONT I>lsiBn Har* Co.. 2131 Flllmore St..
San Franclrro, Cal.— Send 6c in stamps for
r>ook en cart ana feeding.
ISHL/3IAN hare?, all Fires, cheap for a few
f.&y* tn make room; Yukon buck for service.
114 <J->!den Gste ave.
GOLD r:N GATE BELGIAN HARE C..W1 Gold-
en Cate ave.. S. F. ; 500 rabbits for sale <rheap.
PEDIGREED does with litters by Lord FaFhoda
ChW '.lapr.ed). Eureka Rabbltry. 1616 Turk.
BICYCJLES For Snl«- or Kirhanc^.
NEW Ce-.Viand Mcyc!e«: tvfter than ever; $».
LEAVITT 1 & BILL, 309 Larkin st.
GREAT bargains in second-hand bicycles: from
SO up; eer,.d for lift. LEAVITT & BILL. 3<tt
Ty'irMri fl.'. Pan Frsncifoo.
HOARDING FOll CHILDREN.
A PRIVATE b^rne for chnd7^nHby~week~or
month; one <Jay to 15 y»ar« old; select neigh-
borhood: mother's cert: u-rras low; sunny
yard. VfM I'i«t ft.: fl. Lnrkln'tST; Z.bollt.
HOOKS — JEW AND OLD.
BCHOOL nooVcs bought and 'exchanged:
Hi;!m«>t> Book t Co.. 704 Mission ct., nfax Third.
BOOT A.NjD MIOI-; tlAItRAIXS.
BARGAIN?. Uul.es' and"cliIlaTe^rEl^sT?nsnv
rr.fr?' Hmr.W y.fg. cost. Kohlbecher. 145 <th.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— COO— BAZAAR, and EtctloneryTchoicest loca^
tion en Valenel/, st.; rent XMr Z living rooms;
treat bargain; (owners musi f*-1I quick; Nome
lever. Cail R.*G. V.'ILKE. 26Vfc Koarny st.
A — K">00: VERY |b»st location; ealoon close to
Powell and Market ets.; busir.e?» flirt class;
only patronised' by best \tci\,\c\ a rare chance.
Call R: G. WlUUE. CC* Keatny st.
A— J1000— CANDl'f route; e^tal.!. 20 years; all
cash trade, clf>arinjr about VCA r^-r month.
Call R. G. Wlh.KE. 2G^ Kearny Et.
A— *C0— CORNECR grocery end bar. with k~\^-
'.ag room*; soitith of Market ft.; a cood pay-
ing business /and rare ctiance. Call H_ o
\v 1LKE, t£\i jKeamr st.
A— S275— CIOAfr etore on East st.. cppcxlte tht
ferries: low t-ent: a small Investment b-2t a
bargain. R. /G. WLLKE, 2V* Kearny *t.
A— J1250— SAUtSon, elegantly fitted up; estab.
years and doing & pood paying business; piact
located close/ to Palace Hotel; rent <",0; l^tse-
large etor-k./ V»*>?t quality; a rare oier. Call
It. O. WILftE. 2CH Kearsy st. ™
A— T-3^0— COFfFEE saloon and chophouce with
10 Jarnithf-u rcor.is: rent low; daily receiDU
_*?!L_S-_L**- G ' "ft'lLKE. 2CH Kearny et.
A-J50-COJINEII saloon; rent IIS; choicest lo~
cation *ntt-th of Market ct. : place doinj a good
paying fc:ji.ln<"-*s, but j-arti'-s can't agree. Call
R. G. WILKE. :CH Kearny et.
A— *£*— CjbllNER branch bakery and grocery
with 4 pivinr rooms, en Geary et. ; low rent
and riy-jd r-*>ine bu-iners; a rare chance
Cell R^. G. WILKE. StH Kearny st. naIlce -
A-tX^'-COTlNF.n ralocn. 1 block from Market
*n<l '5tockten sts.: net r»nt U3; n. coo.l paring
ana" cld-»*tabl>hed bcs'.nens. Particular* R
- O.^ WILKE. r«* Kenrny tt.
JlKr-SHOOTINO sullery. making: lots of money-
• -nvrner roir.e to Ptrls Expedition; a Freneh-
naan. Sf* It. G. WILKE, 2S^ Krarny st.
A— SS;O— LATJNDRY route clearing 52) a month-
pood hor*e mfl wa«rm; rail investigation and
trial eolirtted b»for» buylnr: splendid opDor-
tanlty. STENTERG CO.. 915 Market «t.
ESSb^BKAXCH bftfcery. grocery and notions; i
Jjlnck* frcrn Market Ft. : 4 llvinr room"!; rent
cr.ly t;3; ba.nes.in. 5TENEERG CO.. 835 Mkt.
To rent— For Tial yard, milk depot, etc.; fin*
Jocatlon; plac« Is entirely covered and con-
tains 3 fitalU: rent only J1S; water free. In-
VJire WM. HENDRICKSON *. CO.. 611 Call
bu'.ltf'.ne-
CALL and. s*« our list of cood paying buel-
nes*ee; urocerles, ealocna, restaurants, hotels
paint FhoDs. delicacy stores: etle and eat'
change. EITEL & CARROLL. 100SH Market
S600— PARTNER in restaurant and family din
ir&-rocm; first-class hotel; *ome capital re
«vlred, Adaree* box :ilS, Call office.
I IJUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
$1500 — CORNER saloon and lunch house; sick-
ness cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO..
7774 Market et. .
$2.0— BUTTER, egjt and provision route; horse.
bargain. .McLaughlln.& Co.. 777H Mkt.
5CJ0— RESTAURANT; bargain; going to Eu-
rope cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777M: Market st.
J409 — SALOON: city front: bargain: on account
of other-business. MCLAUGHLIN. 777>4 Mkt.
j $W0— SALOON and lunch house; barcaln this
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7771* Market st.
I MAN and wife to manage restaurant: very ele-
j rantly famished. Apply D. McRAE. 837
; Mission et.
* JiS^-RESTAUBANT; very elegantly furnished;
¦ jr.O down, no rr.o. D. McRAE, &37 Mission.
: AT a treat bargain — Bakery, candy, notions,
school supplies, cigars, etc.; good stock and
fixtures; located by a school; living rooms.
; 150S Golden Gate ave.
RESPECTABLE man or woman willing to in-
vent SSOO In a business that will pay hand-
somely. Ad. immediately B. .B.. box 17E1. Call.
WILL purchase good carrier's route on any of
the daily papers. Box 17S4. Call.
BARBERS— For sale, shop, S cha'.rs: cood loca-
| tirn. 7S6A Geary at.
{ $IP0O— PARTNER wanted. Franco-California
Food Co.. new process. Box X7&0. Call.
KERN County oil lands: a chance to get an
ln;er*»t In 11.000 acres of choice oil lands; buy
now and eet In on the cround floor; these
lands are located in ih* great oil districts of
McKITTRICK. SUNSET AND KERN RIV-
j ER Kern County, and belong to the OCCI-
! DENTAL OIL COMPANY. incorporated
j under the laws of West Virfiinla: stock abso-
lutely non-asses*able: Investigation solicited.
: ' D. H. MOSTELLER, Agent.
Room 264. Parrott Building, S. F.
| $;yA_sNAP: $10 day clear: be increased; gen-
' teel business; downtown; suitable lady or
I pentleman; close investigation solicited. 213
Examiner building. '
¦ CIGAR store and fixtures for sale fcr $125 If
: rr-AA before Friday, June 1. Inquire at 2S
! East* ft.
i FRUIT Ftand to let; 416 Fourth St.; low r«nt.
Apply io G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont'gy.
I $irG— CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living rooms;
I acount of sickness. 1111 Howard; no agents.
j GROCERY, bakery and notion store, with fur-
I niture of 3 rooms, for sale. 225 Ninth st.
¦ $400-I>YEING. cleaning and laundry office;
I flrst-clafs. j>aylns business for 2 persons: 4
living rooms; nice location: low rent; month's
I trial given. Address box 2116. Call.
! FOR rale— Restaurant: close to four factories;
j business good. Apply between 11 and 12 a. m..
I CCS find tlO Seventh St. •
I FOR sale — On account of departure for Nome,
' a fruit and candy business and paying welL
Address box 174S. Call "tfice^
I $sr,O— DRAYING business well established,
I h?r?*-B. wagons, everything complete; 5200
caeh. balance on easy payments. C H., room
2*, 36 Oeary et.
DRUG store for sale or exchange for San Fran-
! cisco property: a well-stocked, modern, pay-
i ing drug store in a k.kkI mining; town; cash
| trade. CpJI at 720 O'Farrell St.. city.
i GROCERY and bar for sale; cash trade; $750.
Address box 173S. Call office.
GOOD paying 3-chalr barber shop for sale. £89
Seventh St.
FOR sale— Good outsHe route on morning pa-
per; easy terms. Bex 1736, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLAFS slow yacht 32 feet long. W. H.
CAMPBELL. Sausallto.
j FOR SALE— First-class outside route on a
mcrriing paper. A., box 1770. Call offlce.
! RESTAURANT for your own price; going to
j Nome. Apply 1 Fifth St.. rocm 10.
I LARGE store to lft on Market st.; lease for
j ra'.e; ZZxM. Box 1749. Call. '
! FOR Kale — The Central Hotel in Napa, con-
! talnini thirty rooms; central location; price
reasonable. Address R. CUFF. Napa. Cal.
FOR m> cr exchange— Handsome cottage, fur-""
nlshed: barn: Berkeley. Box 1708. Call office.
: WANTED — Rakery or bakery and coffee Faloon;
' rouxt be good location. Box 2S73. Call olf.ee. ,
$300— RESTAURANT; no night work; old stand.
233 Eighth tt.
! GOOD planing mill ar.d lumber yard In this
1 ctiy for tale. Box 2S61. Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO., 412 S.-i?ra:m-iito st.
LODGING-IIOXJSES KOIl SALE.
£,6-nOOM corner $4000
Hotel r.nJ bar; 36 rooms 1500
SI rooms on Market St.; only ?00
25 rooms on Bush; rent $55 950
1J rooms en McAllister st 400
16 re-oms; fine corner: clears $150 1000
l?-rocm house on Turk st 7M
i 10 rocms on Jones St.; clears $S5 250
I IC rocrrs Mason St.: payments 450
' MONET TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MINT 796.
IT. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., Opp. Fifth.
! R IT. WINSTON* & CO., 1CC6 Market st.
15 rooms; $250 cash, balance $10 month... $423
27 rooms; corner; best of furniture 15f>0
JS rocms; corner; monthly payments 1900
i CO rooms; corner: must sell 1900
j 40 rooms; rent f37 50 oOO
'¦ $X0— U ROOMS a!l rented, with big- yard for
! jaisln* rabbit!«; low rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
j $1KC>— E« ROOMS; all rented: good location: near
! Market; cent.: rent low. BASILE, 3 EdJy st.
i TO rent— S and 6 mem flats, furnished. M.
I GRIFFIN. 713 Market, room 1. nr. Call bldg.
! A LIST of 120 lodjrlng-houses for sale. M.
j GRIFFIN. 719 Market, room 1. nr. Call bldsr.
CARKI AGES AXD WAGONS.
I ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harneii,
i etc.. cheap. EAGAN & EON. ?U7 Mission st.
! CAMP waron; flncut in California: good as
I new; cost $€C0; sell 1300. 3273 Mission «t.
NEW & 2d-h»n<l wagons, buggies, carts & bar-
nets, work & driving horses. 15th & Valenclx
sriniTUALisai.
MME FALAVISINY. the best card-reader. Just
arrived from the old country. For the present
at 1 Fifth St.. room 5".
HOWARD EARLE. 330 Ellis st.— Seance Sun-
day and Wednesday evenings at 8 o'clock.
RETURNED— C. Steers; circle to-day, 2 p. m.,
25c; readings. $1. U-\i Oek st.
II ME YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 605 McAllister St.; 10c; come, skeptics.
AT Friendship Hall. 333 McAllister; Mrs. Mey-
| er; convincing test to-night: 10c: sittings.
MRS LESTER BAILEY'S circle this evening,
! ioc; readings dally. 1201 Flllmore. near- Turk.
i MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
j medium, life reader: sitting. $1. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A—- —MRS. Xm. CLARK
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
I PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK
! et may be consulted on all affairs of life;
«h'e will show you how to overcome your en*.
' mi-s; remove family troubles; restore lost af-
I factions; unite the separated: satisfaction
i -uKranu-ed by mail; eend stamp for circular
! with special term*. MRS. DR. CLARK. 20s
i Turk «t.. near Jones.
MME.LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future: never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
recref Bhows picture future husband or wife;
f*e 25c 4nd up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Fur.days. 1167 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
i "Nome!" "Nome!" Save your
1 money consult Watson, celebrated occult me-
dium; lucky and true; I5c. 15S1 Market Bt.,
near Twelfth.
READINGS dally, cards and tea leaves; dates,
facts, business advice. 373 Polk et.
MMC ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St.. original gypsj
I l'i'i» "reader: readings, 25c; no sign.
M~ME^ HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader
j past, present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth Bt.. r. 14
CARD reader md palmist removed from 851
Mission st. to 136 Sixth, room 8.
MME Aujrust. clairvoyant, card reader; palmls
try; truth or no pay; 25c & 60c. 1143 Mission
MISS MELVILLE, irreat clairvoyant and watei
rttirr; German gpoken. 92US Mission, op. Mint
I CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, best advice. 82;
I Mission St.. -near 4th. rm. 3; 25c up; ring bell
I MMnT ~ SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader
«lttlng= dally . Sl2'.i Sixth st.
MME RAVENNA reafis life fluently; buslnesi
* r.dvlce; names given; 25c up. S Fourth st.
MME SYniLLE— Cradle to grave; future hus
band's picture; 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st
CAKPET MlSATlMi AKO CLiSAM.lG.
' WHEN ycu become disgusted with poor worl
•¦end to SPAULDING'fi Pioneer Carpet-Beat
tng Works. Kf-ti" Tehama et.; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.
| SC-S44 McAllister St.; phone South 1<6.
J T. MITCIIELL Carpet Beating- and Reno
rating Co.. 240 Hth et.;.tel. Mlfsion 74.
1 CITY Steam Carpet Beating Works. G. H
STEVENS, mgr.. M-40 Eth St.; tel. South MO
1 J. McO.UEEN*8 California Carpet Cleaning Co.
4S3 Stevenson Bt-. tel. South 223: lowest rates
• CARPETS cleaned et 8c per ye.ru ; laid at 4c
. STRATTON'S, a Eighth St.; tel. Jessie iU.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Butter »t.
- tei. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
I CONKLIN'S Carpet Beating Works. 333 Goldei
Gate ave.; telephone Cast 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE AV. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
less successful. Rocrr. 310, S27 Market Bt
COTTAGES TO 'ijET.
VASSEROT place, 7, off Geary, near Larkin —
Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; rent $2J;
water free. Apply L. C. BABIN, 413 Kearny.
WELL-FURNISHED sunny cottage, 7 rooms,
batli garden, stable; put in perfect order. Ap-
ply 2118 Union Bt.. 11 to 5 o'clock; cheap rent
1H-STORY; sunny, good grounds and view;
take Misslon-st. cars to Powell ave. Key at
15 Prospect ave.; reasonable.
TO LET for t or 4 months — Furnished cottage
oC 8 rooms; $10; references. 217 Third ave.,
Richmond. ¦
j DENTISTS.
A FULL s-rt of teeth on rubber plate, $5; a
full eet of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
i and Etronper than rubber, warranted for '20
! years: fillings. £0c: crowns. $3 50: all work
i i>ainless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 EO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up;. of-
flce hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St. ex-
• tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $5; gold crowns, $3; new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver. 60c; painless extraction. 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 969 Mission, cor.Cth.
DR. LTJDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 2S5 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. II. G. YOUNG,
•1S41 Polk et. f
DOO HOSPITALS.
DR? CREELTS^C Tl\ dog soap creates a
smooth, silky coat: for pale by all druggists
or at the hospital. CIO Golden Gate ave.
DR. Bl'ZARD'S Dos Hospital. Post. Fillmore— •
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs bearded. Tel. West C36.
DRESSMAKERS ANI) SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL'S is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladlos' tailoring; eve, class. 103 Post
MME. REMBERT. 530 Sutter St., dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 8S7 Geary st.: dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating Tactory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 321 Post, over O'Connpr&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL,.
A— GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools. Par-
rott building; Gallagher, IS years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr, expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't; a. school con-
ductgd by experts; call or send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post ct., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, langua?es, telegraphy, English
tranche's, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new SO-page catalogue free.
ALL students but two taking full course this
vear got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1226 Market st.
AYRES', the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket rt. : life scholarship. $50; Includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art;day&eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, S05 Larkin Ft.;
the ccrr.tng school; thorcuch; up-to-dr.te; all
branches" ; positions sreured for jrraduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, meoh. sur-
r*T, a^Fov, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.: est. 1SGI.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. S33 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall: ac-
knowledged by official reporters "b««t teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
S F. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session
begin* June 11: catalogue upon application.
M. L. PANCOAST. Secretary. 510 Golden Gate.
PROF MERICI, successful teacher of mandolin,
violin and guitar. 1008 Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladies and gentlemen. O. Sinz. 36 Geary, r. 34.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. v day or ev<?. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 43J4.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Port Et. ; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. <26 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel.Black5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help f urn. : tel. John 2121. SOtiVi Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 41U4 O'Farrell st.; tel. East 42g.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALK.
A GERMAN girl: first-class cook; 4 years last
place; city or country. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st :
A SWEDISH woman wishes to cook for men Or
In a boardine-house or minlns town. Apply
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook, competent In-
fant's nurse, German cook with good city ref-
erences, first-class Swedish laundress and a
number of house girls await positions at MISS
CULLEN' S, 225 Sutter st.
TRUSTWORTHY German woman, speaks Eng-
¦ llsh good cook, neat and clean, wishes posi-
tion in nice family; no washing; -will work by
day sewlnc or nursing; postals answered if
carfare paid. 522 Stockton st.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation to do any
kind of work: Is first-class laundress and good
housekeeper: will work by day at $1 and car-
fare. 242»4 Minna St., downstairs, not In rear.
AS housekeeper by elderly Eastern woman;
understands cooklns, washing and the care
of children: city references Riven; wages $12
to $15 month. Call 250 Tehama st.
A GERMAN woman raised in America wishes
- a situation to do housework; is a good cook-;
•wasrfrs $10 to $12. Call at 609 Howard st.
YOUNG woman with a child would like work
for a month or six weeks in respectable place.
Address box 1792, Call.
WANTED— By competent nurse, day. week or
month; also good housekeeper. Inquire 942
Howard ct.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes to work by
day or month. Call at 81 Natoma st., room. 3.
YOUNG married woman with 2 little girls aged |
1 and 3 years wishes a position to take en-
tire charge of house during owner's absence;
object, good home; best of reference. 2111
Fillmcre st.
. --— — — <; —
SITUATION as companion to sick lady or
chamberwork. Address box 1786. Call offlce.
REFINED elderly lady wishes to do plain- sew-
lnc. assist with child and upstairs work in
nice family. Address box 1777, Call offlce.
GIRL 18 years; speaks English, Italian, Span-
ish; understands French; desires position as
nurse in private family. 725 Sansome st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; ref-
erences. Apply 8 Alice st, off Folsom, bet
Third and Fourth.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $160 night: $150 to $6
week: convenient and resr>eetable: fren "bus
and baggage to and from ferry. - .
AN experienced flressmaker, designer and per-
feet fitter wishes work by the day in fam-
illes: very reasonable. Expert, box 1750. Call.
LADY wishes sewins and mending to do at
home or housekeeper's position. Call 116 Sixth
»t., room t.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for, Call advertisement and
eutscrlptlons has been established ct lf>96 Va-
lencla st. '
-HPLOYM-XT WANTED- — MALE.
COACHMAN, single, thorough experience, and
man about place; sober; not afraid of work;
many years with same employer; best refer-
ences. Address LOUIS, S63 Mission at.
MAN and wife, neat couple. - no family, want
places as Janitors of. building or to care for
gentleman's place in absence of family. Box
17S5. Call office. ' .-',\:^\a
COACHMAN wants situation and understands
gardening; best references. Box 1793, Call.
ENGLISHMAN (aged 25), steady and reliable,
wlEhes permanent employment with whole-
i sale firm : best of references. Address C. W.
,'. C, U37"Union st. - ¦
r SITUATION wanted to care for horses or as
watchman by handy man of 25; -references;
city. Address box 1735. Call office.
' PRACTICAL all-round pickle -' man ¦ with large
- Eastern and California experience,, is : cpen
n to an engagement; can make his own steam;
city or country. Address W. II., 1729 Eddy st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
RELIABLE young man of 24, experienced in
bookkeeping and general offlce work, wishes
position with established firm: reference from
late employer. Address box 1798. Call offlce.
COACHilAX, young Englishman, wants situa-
tion or as man about place or any place of
truat: good references. Box 1783. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wishes to complete his barber
trade in good shop. Address box 1734. Call
office.
SITUATION wanted by a coachman and gar-
dener; best references. EMIL ERICKSON, 582
Albion St.. Oakland.
GOOD Jobbing- blacksmith and shoer wishes a
situation; reasonable wages. Address F. A.
M.. box 16. Call offlce.
FRENCH cook wants sltuatio'n In hotel, city or
country. D. L.. 275 Stevenson st. - /-
GARDENER experienced in commercial and
landscape gardening: wishes to take chargj
of a large private place, plantation, etc. : long
yeaif* references. Write to N. GARTNER.
8&3 Fortieth st.. Oakland.
OFFICB work— Young- man of 28. with 6 years'
experience, wants position for the summer.
/Address J. E. COOVER. Palo Alto. Cal.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions'
received at Call branch ofnee. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia Rt.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE German expert optician.
1071% Market St.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mail. BOc. Phone Mint 21".
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS, cottages, etc.. Speck & Co.; 6C7 Mkt.
1822 Pac. av.; 10 r. h. $50 ,1137 Geary; 10 r. h...$70
710 McAllister; 3 r.h. 22' 1610 California: U.I. 35
793 Halght; 7 r. f 25 1210 Polk; 9 r. h.... 35
922 Hyde; 6 r. f E2 501331 Eddy; 4 r. f 20
A— NW. corner Sutter and Scott; finest flat In
city for the price; investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated If seen.
A— 7-ROOM flat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvements. 417^4 Third st.
ALL bright flats. 4 and 5 rooms, bath. 1042
and 1044 Sacramento St.. below Mason.
ELEGANT 7-room flat; modern Improvements.
2410 Sacramento St.. near Webster.
UPPER flat. 6 rooms and bath. 1120 B Tur_
st., near Laguna. .
FLAT— ilbdem improvenemts; half block from
Union Iron Works. 813 Illinois Bt.
GEARY, 813%-Modern flat of 7 rooms and
bath; rent $35; water free. Apply L. C.
, BABIN. 413 Kearny Et.
IF you want to move pet printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
MISSION. 1513, near 11th— 6 large sunny rooms;
bath; yard and laundry: rent'llS.
NEW sunny flat. 6 rooms, bath, yard, base-
ment; modern imp. 1931, 1S35 O'Farrell st.
PEARL. 27. off Market, nr. Valencia— Lower
and upper flats; rent $8 and $7. ¦
SUNNY lower flat, 5 rooms, bath, yard, base-
ment; rent reasonable. 4S2 Page, nr. Webster.
$15— LOVELY flat of 4 large rooms and bath;
nice view. 292 Third ave., cor. Clement Bt. ;
take Sutro car. .
$13— FLAT of 4 rooms. 125 Page, bet. Gough
and Octavla, 1% blocks from Market.
$16— FLAT, 3 rooms and bath. 411 Larkin st.
2 FLATS of 4 rooms each: one $7 and other $3.
39 Shipley, st., between Third and Fourth.
FL.ATS TO J.1ET — FURNISHED.
HANDSOMELY furnished flat: .Leavenworth.
nr. Clay. Inquire rm. 501, California Hotel.
FLATS WANTED. \
WANTED — Sunny flat or cottage; 6 rooms;
modern; state nrlce, locality. Box 1791. Call.
FUUXminE FOR SALE.
NEW furnishings of elegant modern flat on
Van Ness ave. for sale, $150; rent of flat, $35;
solid mahogany furniture; Axminster car-
peta. Apply H. J. MOORE, 1033 Markt st.
FURNITURE and carpets: cheap; leaving city;
call from 12 to 2. 600H Leavenworth st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 60. with No.
7 rnnp». King Furnlturp Co.. H27-1131 Mark»t.
FUK.VITL'UE WASTED.
WANTED— Furniture of 3 or 4 rooms: must be
in good condition and cheap. HANSEN, 12S
Eighth st.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. : telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission : tel. itod 33i3.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A^<£"lC~HAN^EN & CO... PHONE GRANT 1S3
.... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses, resort, for 2d, $20; 2 waitresses,
spring*. $20;,' 4 waitresses, different resorts,
$20; 8 waitresses, commercial hotel, north. $20;
waitress, Fresno $20, Visalla $20: pantry girl,
resort, $20; 4 waitresses, city hotel, $20; 2
chambermaids to wait, $20; chambermaid to
•wait, country, $20; woman cook, resort, $40,
free fare.
A COLORED cook, $25: colored maid, $20; same
house. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A— IRONER. city. $30; ironer. Palo Alto. $30
and found: cook, San Rafael. $30; French
cook, $25; chambermaid and laundress, coun-
try. $20; 4 German cooks, city, $30 and $25;
cook, springs, $25; 10 waitresses, summer re-
sorts and commercial, hotels. $25 and $20;
chambermaids to wait. $20 each; 4 waitresses,
city hotels, J20 each; second girl, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Fancy ironer for "laundry; 15 walt-
resses, city and country, hotels and resorts
as well as for private boarding houses in San
Francisco. $20 to $25: girl for general house-
work, country, $30; seamstress, private fam-
ily, $25; Protestant nurse, $25; large number of
girls for general housework, city and country,
$20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
31S Sutter st. .
A NURSE for institution, $25; waitress for in-
stitution, $25; nurse for an Invalid, $20; 2 sec-
ond Kirls, $25 and $20; cook and second girl,
Santa Cruz, $25 and $20; cook. $30; house girl,
$30. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— Attractive girls from 16 to IS years.
Call SHREVE & BARBER'S, 511 Kearny St.,
from 9 a. m. till 4 p. m.
GIRL for ceneral housework to go to Santa
Cruz; family of three; wages $20. 1911 Paci-
fic ave.
WANTED— Good, strong, reliable girl (colored
preferred) for cooking and housework. Apply
lie Liberty st. t
YOUNG lady for store. \MASKEY'S, 32 Kearny
street.
A GIRL for teneral housework; small family.
Call 22 Second st. for particulars.
GIRL for light housework; wages $10. 379
Bartlett st.
EXPERIENCED vest operator. 14 Grant ave..
room 65. -. ¦
WANTED-Lunch waitress; hours from 11 to
2. 619 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Waitress at 608 Seventh st. Call at
10 o'clock a. m. ¦ -
GIRL for housework; small family; $12 to $15.
Call after 9 a. m., 2050 Ellis St.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework:
small family. 2020 Broderlck St. ¦
WANTED— A middle-aged woman to do light
housework. Call at 3279 Twenty-first st.
WANTED— Young girl; cooking and general
housework In flat. 426 Scott st. _•
YOUNG woman to do housework for widower
and three children; wages $12. 807 Filbert st.
WANTED— Young girl for housework; sleep
home. 1027B Alabama st.
WANTED— A little girl to help to take care of
a baby. Apply at 338 Turk st. ¦¦-
WANTED— Female cook. 608 Seventh St.; call
early. I .
WANTED— A good first-class waitress at 304
Mason 8t. ; wares $6 a week.
GIRL to assist in housework In Alameda.
Apply 12 Oak st.. city. ' • '
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper«
fttors on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS.- 32V4 Fremont
LADIES to -fill positions; country; manager!
through Calif. ; ref. required. 2421 Flllmore.
WANTED— Lady tailoress for general tailoring;
steady work. 715 Valencia st.
FIRST-CLASS ironers wanted for Indies' work.
Address P. O. box S34, Vallejo. Cal.
AN operator on pants; steady work. 110 Wil-
liam tt. oft Geary, near Tay ; lor. - ¦
IRONERS and operators wanted. National
Laundry, 411 Sancheg at. '
NEAT girl; general housework, plain cooking,
assist with children; $20. Call 233 Third ave.,
Richmond District; take Sutter or Geary cars.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
Folsom et., bet. 13th and. 14th sts.,
WANTED— Middle-aged woman to do llghi
. housework at 113 Eaat st. ¦.¦ .
YOUNG German girl to do housework and hell
In - bakery. 3150 Twenty-second st. ¦
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money
136 Ellis st.
HELP AV ANTED—FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS cutter for silk waists; capable
of taking entire charge of manufacturing de-
partment. Apply MRS.- MILLER. 122S Market.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. 8V4 Antonio st..
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell st. off" Jones.
FEW young ladles to Join night school: low
rates. Ayres' Business College. 723 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ar.d subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
HELP WAXTED-MALE.
fc-MURRAY & READY.. ..PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
•••••• want 7 a. m. to-day
Help for all parts of California. Utah. Wash-
ington, Arizona and Hawaiian Islands and
Oregon, 545G MEN
FREE FARE and ofnee fee $1 and no other
expenses to Los Angeles and Santa Barbara
districts, we ship you to-day, 9 a. m. and 5:30
p. m., for the S. p. R. R.. laborers and team-
Bters, $2 day, FREE FARE
••• HAYMAKING AND HARVEST
2S9 men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work
in fields, header men, etc., $1 25, $1 50. $2 day
and found. COME AND SEE
STABLES. VINEYARDS, ORCHARDS. GAR-
16 stablemen," ' city and "country" Jobs',' $40.' $35,
$30, $25 and found
129 vineyard and orchard hands. $35. $30, $26
and found: 5 gardeners, 2 coachmen. 1 stable-
man, all for private families. *3U. $25. $20 and
found, COME, SEE
......DAIRIES. CHEESE FACTORIES
29 milkers for djfferent places, $35, $30 and
found; 5 butter makers and run separators,
boss here, $35 and found; 5 cheesemakers. dif-
ferent jobs. J35 and $40 and found
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 35 SAWMILLS. ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
Ee3 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines; wages from ?2S to $40 per
month and found .:
also lumber pliers, bark peelers, $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers. band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen. in
fact we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $S0. $73, $90. $120. $60.
$50, J10. $30 and found: CS4 woodchoppers, tie-
makers, tools and. food found, some at mines,
$3, $2 60, $2, $150. $1 and 75c cord
10 laborers to build flume $30 to $40 and fd
MECHANICAL HELP
IS blacksmiths and horseshoers, $2 50 day, $60,
$70. $«5, its and found; also 5 helpers. «2
week, $35 and found; 5 woodworkers, carriage-
makers, $3, $2 50 day, $40 and found; circular
sawyer. $60 and found; 2 boilermakers, $3 60
day; carriage painter, stripe and letter, fare
60c. $10 week and found
screw tender, $52 and found; 3 carriage paint-
ers
....S. P. R. R.-DIFFERENT DIVISIONS....
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE $1
Section and reconstruction and NEW WORK
LABORERS. YOU'LL SUIT, REGULAR
WAGES
UPECIAL NOTICE. ..MINES... BIG WAGES
35 laborers for mines, no experience required,
YOU'LL SUIT, $40 to $48 per month and
found: 29 miners, sincle hand $90 and $75
CROWDS GOING TO GOLD MINE'S
SPECIAL /
3 milk wagon drivers, $30, $25 and found;
planer hand, sawmill co $50 and found
FOR A NEW MINE
12 laborers, no experience, fare. $2 50, $34 and
found; 6 men and wives for ranches, |40, $35.
$30 and found. ; \
..MEN. YOUNG MEN OR STRONG BOYS..
S6 wanted to pull rhubarb, pick peas, pick
fruits, hoe between vines, make yourselves
otherwise useful, $17 CO and $20 per month and
found 1
man for wine cellar, country, $25 and found
READ THESE CAREFULLY
365 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco, $3,
$2 50, $2, $1 75 day: many city Jobs, to board
home
Wanted for a new railroad Free Fare
teamsters $2 a day
rockmen $2 a day
laborers $2 a day
Free Fare Free Fare
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKS BAKERS WAITERS
8 bakera, city and country shops $40 and $50
S3 cooks, restaurants, hotels and boarding-
houses, ranches, etc $35 to $S0 and found
waiters, city and country hotels and resorts..
$25. $30 and $35 and found
washer, country laundry,** $30 and found; bar-
ber to run country shop
Clerk, city $20 and found
Porters, etsvator boys, etc.: 4 baker's helpers,
$30. $25, $25 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634 and £36 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...104 GEARY ST.
200 teamsters, rockmen and laborers for the
Coast road; $2 a day. Free Fare
100 four-horse teamsters, $2 25 a day, via
Los Angeles and Santa Barbara divisions.
Free Fare
B0 laborers for S. P. Company work. $2 a
day; board $4 E0 a week. Free Fare
50 section hands for different divisions on
the S. P. Co.. $1 70 a day. Free Fare
EO woodsmen, spooltenders, crosscut saw-
yers, yardmen and lumber pliers, $30 to $45
and board; see boss here
Foreman for a hydraulic mine; carap black-
smith. $3 a day; blacksmith, $45 and found;
blacksmith and sheer, country, $2 50 a day;
ranch blacksmith, $35; wheelwright, $35; gar-
dener for an Institution. $35: choreman to
mi!k and make butter, $45; choreman. insti-
tution. $25; 10 farmers, $26; 8 milkers. $25 and
$30; 10 miners, $2 50 a day: 6 muckers, $2 a
day; 20 quarrymen, $2 and $2 25 a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head and second cooks, plain country ho-
tel.- $50 and $35, and fares advanced; French
cook, country hotal, $^0 to $60; night cook for
railroad camp. $i0; 2 broilers, $50 to $50; dish-
washer $25. and potwasher $25, for summer
rcHort; potwasher, resort near 1 city, $25; 20
dishwashers and kitchen hands." $20, $25 and
$30
Walter, country club, $40; waiter, country
hotel $30; 2 waiters, same country hotel, .$25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— 2 NURSES for an institution, country. $30
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
A— ELEVATOR boy good references,
country hotel, $15 and fare paid. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary nt.
A— KITCHEN crew for country hotel; head
cook, $60; second -cook, $40; third cook. $30;
dishwasher, $25; potwasher, $25; second baker,
$30, see party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
I 104 Geary st
WANTED .*.
FREE FARE.
4 more farmers for vineyard, to go to-night,
$26 and board
Farmer, handle 6 horses $40 and board
4 carmen for mine...* $2 a day
Man to run ore car $2 a day
4 miners, single drilling $2 50 a day
2 muckers, same mine $2 a day
Warehouse man $1 50 day and board
Laundryman, institution $35 and found
6 milkers $23. $30 and $35
2 choremen in country $24 and $20
Butcher and kill, country $25 and found
2 ranch blacksmiths $50 and $40 and found
Shop blacksmith, country $fr>
Vegetable gardener $25 and found
50 farmers, orchard and vineyard hands. $25,
$30 and $35. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
SMART young man to assist in tailoring store.
El Paso, Texas. Apply WM. R. BRADSHAW.
room 953, Palace Hotel, Friday, between 8-3
a. m. and 6-7 p. m.
3 FIRST-CLASS starch work Ironers, men or
women: good wages; steady work. UNION
LAUNDRY, 10th and O sts., Sacramento, Cal.
APPRENTICE for printing offlce; must have
some experience. Apply at 9 Halleck st. this
morning. ¦ • .-
WANTED— Experienced stock clerk foi^whole-
gale millinery; ref. required. Box 1782. Call.
WANTED— Experienced salesman for wholesale
millinery; reference required. Box 1783, Call.
EXPERIENCED vest operator. 14 Grant ave..
room 65. .
BARBERS city and country, first-class wages;
come early. Apply H. BERNARD. 104 7th st.
INTELLIGENT steady boy to learn printing
trade. - 819 Market St.. room 47.
i BOY In plumbing shop, one with some experi-
ence. Call 623 Davis St., bet 7 and 7:30.
YOUNG man as porter and beertapper; German
preferred. Call after 9 a. m., 1053 Market st.
1 WANTED— Two painters. Clay and Mason sts.
SECOND cook wanted. Park Hotel, 26 Turk
street. ;
WANTED— Three waiters for Repelller Hotel;
', $30 per month. Leavenworth and Sutter sts.
BLACKSMITH'S helper" and woodworker on
; wagon and truck work. 637 Brannan st.
WANTED — Good preysman on pants; good pay
'. and steady, work. 104 Kearny st., top Hoor.
' WANTED— A waiter at 123 Eddy St., U. S.
' Hotel. X
' WANTED — Boys with good voices to sing in
vaudeville.' "Address A;- C, box 1794, Call.
WANTED— Night dishwasher; young German
' preferred. 32 Sixth st.
1 STRONG, sensible boy wanted. STAINED
GLASS WORKS. 134 Guerrero st.. from 2 to 5.
BARBER wanted; steady Job. 132'Paciflc St..
' corner Front. '
\ ERRAND boy. ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM,
1103 Market St.. Odd. Fellows', building.
t STRONG dishwasher ' for ¦ ¦, pots and dishes,
. French restaurant, 119 Stockton ' st.
> CABINET maker wanted. Apply 614 Fourth
street. '-. ¦.-'•:' ¦* -'•¦ ¦'' ¦
, WANTED— A first-class barber; good wages,
at 917 Flllmore at, Sw__M__fa
HE-OP WASTED 3IALH. .
BUTLER $40 and found; cook for boardlns-
house, $40; restaurant cooks; waiter and por-
ter, country hotel. $25; waiter, country hotel.
$23; restaurant waiters and others. J. *•
CROSETT Agency. 62S Sacramento st.
6. TEAMSTERS, $&); 6-horse teamster. $40 and
found; 10 teamsters. $2 day, free, fare; 50 la-
borers for mill and woods, $26 to $50: 2) far-
mers, $25, $30 and $35. and $1 50 to $2 day: 6
milkers. $30 and $33: 2 drivers ior milk
wairons. $30 and board and *SO; 3 carpenters. .
$3 day, free fare; :>edgermen. $45. and ?- '•*
day; woodsmen. $40 to $60; dairyman for
small dairy. $15; blacksmith's helper and floor
man. $2 60 day: machinists, $3 to $1 day;
wc&on blacksmith. J3 to $4 day: S miners.
$2 50 dayr 2 muckers. $2 day: choreman for
private family, $20; 2 stablemen, $50; man and
wife, private family, $50, and many others.
J. F. CROSETT Agency. 62S Sacramento st.
FOR sale— A lie barber Bhcr>; north side of
Market; at sacrifice. 104 Seventh at. -^
RESPECTABLE young: man with some knowl-
edge of barkeepinz for downtown saloon;
one livinsr with parents preferred. Address
box 17S7, Call office.
WANTED— Blacksmith. Apply to J. O'SHEA,
17th and Vermont sts.
GOOD steady barber for Saturday evenings and
Sundays. 20OS Mission st.
BARBERS — Good-paying' shop tn nearby town;
a bargain. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellia.
BARBERS— A good shop for sale on account or
sickness. "Apply 911 Larkin »t.
WANTED — t good helpers In foundry. Apply
at 542 Townsend st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market ;t.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of grood character, between the
apea of 21 and 33 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height;
must be cittzens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and epeak Enpllsh properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. CaL. or
B30 K st., Sacramento. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and. evening
class; special inducements this season: only
institution In the world teaching this trad»:
map of city and Illustrated cataloprue mailed
free. HOLER'S' BARBER COLLEGE. €35
q*y at. \
WANTED— Elderly man to help sell fruit ol? a
wagon: $15 per month and found. 12S Henry
st. : call before 8 a. m. u
APPRENTICES wanted to learn -barber trade
at their own price. Box 1747, Call.
ALL sizes menw shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £«2 Mission Rt., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
¦WANTED — General tailor for the country. J.
BAUMOARTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery st.
BRIGHT boy wanted for Jewelry store; state
references. P.ojc 1727. Call.
SOLICITOR and collector for Industrial insur-
ance; 12-1. 5-6, r. C, 405 Montgomery st.
GOOD gardener for country place; wages $25.
MRS. CATTELL. 525 Eighth St.. Oakland.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting:: 25c
to COc. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis st.
¦WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know )
that Ed Rclkin. Reno House proprietor, still ;
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barberlng and halrdressing at S.
F. Barber School. 741A Howard St.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 113 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: ~16
years' practice; Examiner bldir.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 2,"c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
L1NDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard — ¦
Rooms 15c to 23c per night; 73c to $2 per week, i
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at 1036 Va-
l»rcla tt.
HOltSHS. LIVE STOCK. Ktc r'or Sale
THE elxth lot of the 200 horses from the Canty
ranch Just In; from $20 up; 6 black?. 2
browns and 2 whites in the lot. 2170 Market
et. : Castrc-st- cars pass the door.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagens, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
S27 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
BULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— 1 good driving horsed 6 years old,
bargain. Call N. E. cor. 15th and Guerrero.
FOR rale— 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
7.IEL. Vet. Dentist. BC5 Gol-ion Gate ave.
IIOL'SES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN &: CO., 14 Montgomery.
CEDAR ave., 115. north of Geary, bet. Polk and
Van Ness— House of 8 rooms and bath.
BROADWAY. 1516, near Van Ness— Sunny 7-
room house.
HOUSES TO LET — FURXISnED.
CALIFORNIA, near Van Ness ave. — 10-riom
house, completely furnished. Call 1113 Post.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— Sunday last on Ocean boulevard, be-
twetn Cliff and Ingteside, Congo wood cane; !
buckhorn handle, silver mounted. Reward by j
j returning to owner, 21S-22i) Montgomery st.
LOST at the Preslrtlo, gold bracelet, with a
heart set with diamond attached. Return to
3371 Twenty-third st., and receive reward.
LOST— Purse containing about $20; liberal re-
ward offered. 2S24 Pine st.
MASTIFF dog found. Apply at 1433 Mission st.
LOST— A pass-bock with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of LAVINIA E. DEAN. No. 207-1S6.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Sa\-ings
and Loan Society of Pan Francisco, in the !
name of ANTHONY MURRAY. No. 1SD-1C32.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Bank book on the Hibernia Bank. In the
name of MRS. ANN McDANIEL. Finder will
return same to the Hibernia Bank and receive
reward. '
MEDICAI,.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' pny-
¦tclac. formerly 401 Van Ness, returned from
Kurope with advanced knowledge; safe anil
reliable cure J5; have treated thousands of
cases with success; 15 years' practice in 3. F.*
maternity home; low fees. 1007*4 Market st.
DR. O. W. CDONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; »a£e and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Writs or call at
1023% Market st. '
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.
practice; home tn confinement; treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; consultation free; ccn-
fldentlal. 942 Post Bt.. bet. Hyde and L-rkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market; ladles' i«pe-
clalist; treatment at office. $5: consultation
free; hours 10 to S. Phone Jexsle 257.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: lat«
scientific methods^ treatment. $5. --¦:¦¦*,_ >.
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China; dis-
eases Of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; aanl-
tarlum.704 Sacramento, cor. Kearny :ad vice free.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reasora-
ble. 2012 Folsom St.. MRS. DR. PFKIFFER.
Y. S.-DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists.
HIS Market st. ; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
MRS. RCHWARTING. midwife: private hom»
in confinement for ladles. 610 Eddy st.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private horn*
In confinement. 1313 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
ease» of the human body. 115 Mason »t.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR j SALE.
en * ln ". 2-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 185-197 Fremont ¦_
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
>tc WHITELAW. 218 Spear st.
, BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases coun-
ter", linoleum, store and office furniture and
xmureB;-new and second hand; we always
nave a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
12 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
J« f* n «hip everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St., «bor«
i blxth; write for cataloeue.
WHISKY for family or medicinal use: * full
i jjuart bottles, espressage prepaid. $3 20; noth-
ing on ca*e to indicate contents; twice the
¦ prlte could buy no better; mail orders sollo-
' it«d. F. EPHUAIM & CO.. IS Montgomery.
E P.rS0N concert phonograph, price reduced to
JiOOr concert' records. $2 co. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market st.. San Francisco.
A— $3 60 DERUY and Fedora hats. U 75. Pop-
uiar Price Hattera. 330 Kearny at., nr. Pice.
2ND-HAND Dow duplex steam pump; 3-ln.
steam. 6-ln. water. H. S. WHITE. 51S Mission.
i FINE young parrot. Just starting In to talk.
for sale cheap. 1112 Powell tt.
¦ A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. 12 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 417 Montgomery st.
FULL line cameras and photo — iipplles; aei;.- ?
cheap. W. A. HARTTEB, 513 Examiner bids.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits fcr U id.
Portland Loan Oftice. ?3 Stockton s;.
M p V JCturea! nt BUL*LjVRl?*& BP.ECK. m*Po*t'»*
CA'JH registers of «»v4ry description for sala
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. Sth and l^i.
PORTABLE •engines, boilers; Iron and wood,
planers: iatnesT Id-hand. J. Surke. 1ZJ Beaie.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latent model:
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 4UJ California.
NEW and ae-ond-hand slct machine* bought
«nd "old. W. C. EEXTHAM. 1S32 Market »t.
A 10- TON Fairbanks scale and fire and turs-
lar proof safe. California at. ;
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER.
MANN SAFK CO.. 417-423 Sacramento -st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 flre and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. TUB
WALTZ SAFK. 103-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: I
air compressor: 5 locomotive. 2V> Fr?mr.nt.
MISCELLASEOtSWAXTS.
WANTED— Mirror 8 by 4 feet. 303 Kearny »U
WANTED— Second-hand urrUht piano fo?
cash. H. L. WHTTTTTRAP. T7'" M.-»rk"t «t
moxey~"to loa.\.
HEIRS to unseTtTeT^statesTTn probate can re-
ceive cash at once; also first or second mort-
gage loans on real estate. furniture and
pianos; no removal; prompt dealing: no
charge unless loan is jrranted. EQt'ITABLQ
.-LOAN CO.. room 603. Examiner building.
ANY proposition, any amou_t: b per cent; first,
second mortRases. estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, co— forat'on loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. OS. fci.
OLSEN. room 16. nm floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
irasres, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms -'before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 21 MontK^mery. r. i.
HI'JHLY respectable prlvat* place to obtala
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Ealdwin Jewelry Store. 844 Market
St.: tel. Main 1M4. Branch 13 Third nt.
NOTICE— Pledges of the Mint Loan Office. It
Fifth St., are transferred to W. J. Hesthal.
10 Sixth st. where the business will be con-
tinue'd. T. LUBELSK1. ;
ON real tstate. 1st cr 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rate?. PECKER & CO.. 11 Montgomery.
MOST r»llab!e place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. \V. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sl.xtn;
highest price for old kc.M. s'lver. diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture ani
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg . 130 Powell at.
AT 118 Kearny st. room 9. respectable pr:»at»
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis D'.)5.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
CS and S3. Donohoe build. ng, 1170 Market »t.
LOANS mad- en furniture at IVi per cent: al*o
loans to salaried people. HAR3HBARGER.
322 Ellis St.. room 34.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchnge, 431 Calif.
TO salaried people; without security: a'.l bmi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORItELL. 609 Examiner buildlnsr.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; na
; commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mort^a:rc<l and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.
TO ralaried men without coiirueral or .ndorser.
! S. F. Dis-ount Ac;pn<-y. 143 Phe'.an butMinc-
J MUSICAL. I.NSiMUJJiNTS.
! PIANOS! PIANOS! FIANCsl ""
i 143. JS3. $10U, J133,
$155: upright: easy payments.
Symphcnion music boxes from SI4
to 1100, and everything in the music line.
S. F. MUSIC CO.. Z23 Sinter st.
PACKARD PIANOS— Beat the world. '
Packard onans — are the best.
See and hear them when- you're ready.
Bring your cash: we'll do the rest.
MAUVAIS'. 7Cj Market •_
OLYMPIA self-p!avlns music boxes are th»
latest and best; any -style sold on installment*
If you haven't th? caah to spare. Z. MAU-
VAIS" Music Store. 7oJ Market st.
DECKER & SON plane*, establ'shed in 1SCG."
are as reliable in tone, action and durability
as any piano can be made. Sole asency.
MAUVAIS'. 7C3 Market Bt.
AS we represent the best make of pianos la
every rrade, from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment par-
, meets are easier than those of other dealers.
-we are the p»ople from whom you shoul.1
purchase: ne%- upright pianos. J6 cash. J« p-e
month: other pianos J3. St and S3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelr.way Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter its.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and liroadway. Oakland.
AN excertlonal offer— Fischer. $30: Arton. $133;
Cable. $155; Estey. $130; finest condition war-
ranted: easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16 CFarrell St.; Chlckering. Steck.
Vose. Sterling. Curtaz pianos.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous»
west of Chicago is KOHLEIl & CHASE'S.
16. IS and 20 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs an.l
all other musical Instruments of a!l «rrade«
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tiim
customer.
LATEST style cabinet grand upright: rauat be>
I sold immediately; only used a few months;
bottom price $135. Room 12. Flood building.
BARGAINS— A few pianos will be sold thl-§
week *f or storace: offers wanted (ca.«h or In-
stallments). Wilson's Storage Co.. 17W Mrfct.
A— STEINWAY upright: fine condition; very
rheap. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
$150 CASH; fine uprleht; call at once. ESS
O'Farrell St.. first floor.
WANTED— 10 square pianos, six organs, for
country schools. BYRON MAUZY. 30S Post.
$130 CASH will purchase a fine uprisht: call
at once. 1021 van Ness ar e.. room 7.
A STEINWAY. $165: installments $3. $5. J7. $U:
rents $2 up. HEINE'S. 136 Ellis st.
! SOHMER A CO.. Byron Mauzy Piaaoa. 30S to
i 312 Post st. | m
GOOD Fischer: great bargain. SCHMITZ. U
McAllister st. next Hibernia Bank.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. M?nt for
Frand» Bacon and Hallett A Darla pianos.
BUPERIOR viclins. zithers, old and new It,
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
IS pages, in wrapper, for mftlMng. SI rer year.
OFFICES AXD STOKES — To Let.
MONTGOMERY. IS— 2 nice sunny front rooms,
good for offices; also 3 furnished rooms; rent
very cheap. — — — — — — — — — — — — «
~ PALMISTRY^
VME. Neersaard. PresTst. Germain Collets oj
Palmistry; reads 1 to g. 816 oeary. nr. Jonw.
H. JEROME FOSSE-LI. "S?*S5^^S S
Ta>Mor at., bet. Geary & Post: phone black 5»1.
____ PERSONALS.
R\G cTrpetTwove to order and for sale: also
chenille?wove rugs, silk P«a«m; dealer la
.._., twine in hank or chain, at lowest
SS- GEO MATTHEW3. 703 Fifth. Oakland.
r» 10 LADIFS" shoes for $1 50 a pair at the Be*
Hive Shoe" Co.. TIT Market st.. near Third.
ELECTRIC Hghta In every rocm— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st.. near Market: 1C0 rooms;
US to « SO cer night; U CO to *8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AN eleeant suit for $10 73 from imported or do-
mesufremaants. L. LEMOS. U17 Market »t..
between Seventh and Eighth.
IF you wish full value for your cast-otr clothing
call on B. COHEN. U7 Third; teL Black 4123.
LADIES* and gents' eastoft clothing bought and
told. Sllvermac. 834 Folsom: tet FoUum 1111.
FtjlL-dreSS and other suits bought: also old
gold. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton St.
PRIVATE detective wcrrk; reasonable rates; tea
yiBirs' experience. J. B. RAY. 337 Jessie st.
ACADEMY for the NEW SCIENCE OF HEAL-
ING' all diseasoa are curable; WITHOUT
D'RUGS. WITHOUT OPERATIONS: consults--
tloa_fref. DR. WM. SCHMITT. 5?7 Post gt.
LFDEKER. the popular hairdresser,
wants It distinctly understood
that he docs not charce extr-
for th? very latest and newest
styles of hairdresslng. In fact,
he has but one price. 23 cAts.
Call and prove it. 123 Stockton st.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and busirse— s *d-
victr. S50 Market st. second floor, mom 37.
DETECTIVE— Honorable; confld»ntinl: «ecret»
invioUte. Address box 450. Call offlce
HAITI quickly curlea or waved by using Tal-
cott's Curling Fluid; I5c bottle: druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old »otd and silver bought;
send Dost*I. rOLKMAN"?. Wfi Kearny st.
PHYSICIANS AND SUUCF.OAS.
DrTc. C. CDONNELL— Of flce~and residence!
1C21H; Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
FREE treatment 1 month to introduce our fa-
mous remedies. DR. POPE & CO.. 39 Turk.
CHRONIC and other diseases positively curei
DR. GORDIN. 514 Pine it, near Keara/.TO . SAIL.
PALACE HOTEL. .
E H Noe, Oakland JH Wood, Java
Mrs E H Noe. Oakland Capt J H Davidson
C S Crj-sler. Mont ' Houston
Mrs C fi CryBler. Mont Capt Tenera. Cal
E A Clark, Pa F Seyfert. Wlen
E H Clark, Pa |R H Biker. Wisconsin
J O Wood worth. SeatljS G Hill. Wisconsin
S Roscnsteln, Chffo 'C H O'Brien Chgo
J P Lindsay. Chgo P J Sorg. Ohio
Mrs J P Lindsay. Chg Mrs P J Sorg, Ohio
J A Best, Boston O C Schumacher. Mel-
Mrs J A Beal, Boaton bourne
C M Hyatt. Boston Mrs O C Schumacher
Mrs C M Hyatt, Boston Melbourne
Bertha Hyatt. Doston A 7.;h. Frankfort
L Delt*, Boston S W Barnaby. London
Mrs L DelU. Boston WE .Sargood, Australi
Miss MA Relghard. S H Whltehead. Londn
Boston - IJ M Darrah. Phlla
MUs S S Reighard.Bos J H Long, Philadelphia
Grace E Cates. Bostn Mrs E F Ferrollasa
Ml*s L Tlbbett*. Bostn Japan '
J A Knight. Boston , E W Hayward. Austrll
A Becker. Denver K R Magulre, gydney
,F S Morris,. Oregon • |W P Pierce. NT -
F H buck. Vacaville .jMrs W- P Pierce, N Y
Mrs F H Bunk. Vacav Mabell* Tierce. N r
H T Nash; St Louis E W Pierce, N Y
Mrs J H Ranger; Japan H R Bomanje. Bombay
J N Hussey. Pa ' D Allah. Cal
airs J N Hussey. Pa CD PIrp.ons X T -
J- McNeil. Santa Cruz |C D Simons Jr. N Y
J Stern. China II L Billings, Chgo
J Oranse. China Miss A Phillips. Cal
W. R Kelley, India Mil Baker. Boston
D Gllchrlet, Penang L P Hammond. ¦ Chgo
W D. Little, Shanghai Paul Reiss. St Louis
GDCoiitt«, Shanghai II P Pearsons, - Chgo
P C Cre ijjhton, Shangh Mrs H P Pearsons, Chg
C C Stillman, N Y~ T J Kirk Jr. Sacto :-"
W J Rovllle, N Y Mrs T J Kirk Jr. - Sac
B Ishlmatan, Toklo F P Braden. Cal : . -
O - Kenhaua. London • W- H Lee. Chgo , '
J Van Aalst/ Java ¦ GT Price, Phlla
Mrs J Van Aalst. Java Mrs G, T. Price. Phlla
NEW; .WESTERN HOTEL.
J F Wood. New York A* WeifTenbach. Ls Anc
J A Kent.Michig&n J D Howard^ Sta Rosa
J Jackson.' Los Ang-,. R Powers. Tacoma ¦¦¦
AM Gllstrap. Selma F C Brown, Vancouver
F Gar, Sacto C Watson, Seattle
S Pomeroy, Chlco ; ; C Finbere, Chlcaco
OB Hastings, MarysvlJK Sutton.- Los Ang
H Moore & w, Fresno JR Barton.' Modesto
Ii il Bradwell, .Wrights P McCann, San Joae,
EOTEL ABBIVALS.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given !n the left
hand column and the successive tides o; the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
eecond time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column Rives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in .addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given la subtracted from
the depth* given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
THURSDAY. MAY Si.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of -tide is the «anie at both places.
United States .Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. .Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
LIVERPOOL, May 30.— WHEAT, quiet; July,
5s 8?id; September, 5s S&d; spot, dull; No. 1
California. 6s ld©6s l>id.
CORN — Futures, quiet; May. nominal: July.
3s 9*id; September. 3s lOd; spot, quiet; Ameri
can mixed, new, 3s ll',4d.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. May 30.— Atchison. 17%; Canadian
Pacific. 97H: Union Pacific, 75»i; Northern Pa
cific, 7S!i. Bar silver, dull, 27 9-16d.
CHICAGO. May 30.— Cattle— Receipts 17,000.
Choice light steers shade easier; others mostly
10c lower than Monday. Butchers' stock weak.
Best on Eale to-day on<* carload < at $5 60; na
tives, good to prime steers, $5@5 65; poor to me
dium. $4 40^4 90; selected feeders. $4 40^13 lOf
mixed stockers. $3 75®4 25; cows, $3©4 50;
heifers, $3 20(H5; canners, $2 4C<£?3; bulla, S2 90fa
4 30; calves, *5<g7: steer calves, |7<J?7 50. Texan.*.
—Receipts 400. Best on sale to-day, , two car
loads at $4 85. Texas-fed steers, $4@4 13; Texas
bulls. 13 20-53 73.
Hogs— Receipts to-day 37,000: to-morrow 30,000
estimated; left over, 2CC0; active; mostly 10c
lower; closed strong. Top, $5 17 ! ,i; mixed and
butchers, $4 93tj5 15; good to choice heavy. $3 10
«J5 17V4: rough heavy, $4 95ti5 05; light, J4 90®
6 15; bulk of sales, J5 10g5 12',2.
Sheep— Receipts 14,000. Sheep strong, 10<?13c
higher; lambs active, 13@2Oc higher; good to
choice wethers, $5 10®5 65: fair to choice
mixed, $4 oO^fo: Western sheep, $5*35 SO; year
lings. $5 6O@6; native lambs, $5@7: Western
lambs, $6tj7 55; spring lambs, $8*38 13.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. May 30.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day,
realizing the following prices. Apricots-
Royals, single crates, U 25 to U 73. average
|1 37; Seedling. 93c to $1 45, average tt 29; New
castle, 90c to *1 15. average 99c. Peaches-
Alexander. »1 25 to II 45. average $1 41. Cher
ries (boxes)— Republican, average $1 (2: Cen
tennials 75c to 90c. average 7Sc; Rpyal Annes,
90c to |1 50, average $1 22. Two cars sold to
day.
NEW YORK. May 30.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit at auction to
day are as follows: Cherries (boxes)— Royal
Annes, 80c to $2 65, average $167; Black Tar
tarian, 45c to $2 65, average $1 02; Centennials,
S5c to U 30, average Jl 12: Purity. SOc to U,
average ~32c. Apricots (single crates)—New
castle. $1 25 to $1 70. average $1 37; Royals.
£2 70 to 13. average $2 77; Seedling. Jl 75 to
J2 70 average $2 13. Peaches— Alexander, $1 SO
to $2 70. average $2 44. Favorable weather.
Three cars sold to-day.
California Fruit Sales.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over the Pacific Slope,
except In Washington,, where it 13 cloudy.
Cloudy weather also prevails in Western Mon
tana. A few light showers have occurred dur-.
ing the day in Eastern Washington and North
western Oregon.'
The pressure has risen slowly along the
Washington and Oregon coast and fallen over
the Rocky Mountain region.
The temperature has risen, except along the
Immediate coast of Northern California and
in Western Oregon. IUls from ten to sixteen
degrees above the norfnal in the interior of
California. s
Conditions are favorable for fair and con
tinued warm weather in the interior .of Cali
fornia Thursday and probably fog along the
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight May 31:
Northern California— Fair Thursday, except
fog along the coast: continued warm In the in
terior: fresh westerly wind on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; light
west wind. • '
Nevada—Fair Thursday.
Utah — Fair Thursday: continued warm.
Arizona— Fair Thursday. *
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday,
with fog in the m5rnlng and at night; fresh
west wind. G. H. WILLSON
Local Forecast Official.
The following are the . seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in the last twenty-four
hours: . •
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 B0.02 33.74
Red Bluff 0.00 'j, 22.S7 20.62
Sacramento 0.00 20. 28 l*.U
San Francisco 0.00 18.42 16.10
Fresno 0.00 10.14 7. IS
Independence 0.00 ' 3.6C 1.21
San Luis Obispo 0.00 l?.3O 16.41
Los Angeles..... 0.00 .7-88. 5.01
San Diego 0.00 5.98 4.96
Yuma 0.00 1.29 1-34
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
61; minimum, 47; mean, £4.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(120th Meridlan-Paclflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 30-5 p. m.
Weather Report.
' NEW YORK— Arrived May 30— Stmr Majestic,
from Liverpool.
Sailed May 30-;Stmr Germanic, for Liverpool;
stmr Kensington, for Antwerp, via Southamp
ton. - • .-
BREMEN— Arrived May 30— Stmr Main, from
New York, via Cherbourg. .
GLASGOW-Arrived May SO-Strar Norwe
gian, from New York.
Sailed- May 29— Stmr Llvanian. for Philadel
phia.
HONGKONG— Arrived May 30— Stmr F.mpress
of Jaran. from Vancouver, via Yokohama.
Prior to May 3.0— Stmr Hlojun Maru, from Se
attle, via Yokohama.
• QCEENSTOWN— Arrived May 30— Stmr Teu
tonic, from New York, for Liverpool.
COPENHAGEN — Arrived May 30 — Stmr
Norse, from New York, for Chrlstlanla.
SOUTHAMPTON-Arrived May 20-Stmr St
Louis, from New York.
Sailed May 30 — Stmr Lahn. from Bremen, for
New York, via Cherbourg.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONOLULU— Arrived May 13— Schr Aloha,
hence April 25. May 17 — Br gtmr Coptic, hence
May 11; bark Edward May. he-nce April 26; ship
Reaper, frcm Newcastle, Aus. May 20 — Br stmr
THoemfonteln. from Seattle; ship Standard,
from Newcastle. Aus. May 21— Bktn Amelia,
from Eureka: Br bark Sussex, from Newcastle.
Aus. May 23 — Br stmr Gaelic, from Yokohama;
hktn Archer, hence May 5; Br stmr Flintshire,
hence May 15.
Sailed May 13-Ship E B Sutton. far San
Francisco: schr Transit, for San Francisco: Br
stmr Coptic, for Yokohama. "May IS— Ger bark
J C Pfluser. for San Francisco: schr Helene.
for San Francisco; schr Robert Lewers. for
San "Francisco. May 19— Schr W F Babcock, for
New York. May 22— Schr J M Weatherwax.
for Port Townsend. •
To pall May 23— Br utrar Gaelic, for San
Francisco: bktn 8 N Castle, for San Francisco:
bark Tidal Wave, for Port Townsend; schr A
J West, for Royal Roads.
PORT GLASGOW— Launched May 29— Bktn
Alta, for A P Lorentzen.
SAILED.
., Wednesday, May 30.
Sjir Geo Loomls, Bridsett. Ventura.
Sfliir Noyo, Johnson. Case Nome.
Stmr North Fork. Fosen. Eureka. •
Stmr Australia. Lawless. Honolulu. •
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. — .
Nor Etmr Tellus, Pederson, Chemalnus.
Br' ship Indore, Parry. Gloucester.
Schr Archie and Fontie. Jensen, Flska Mill.
« Schr Ctas E Falk. Hennlnjrsen. Eureka.
Schr Julia E Whalen. Scott, Cape Nome.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC. • ¦ . .
POINT LOBOS, May 30. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN
Per Br stmr Gaelic-May 20, 6:50 p m. lat 2« 41
N. Ion 183 \V( Br stmr Coptic, hence May 11, for
Hongkong, etc.
May 22. lat 21 84 N. Ion 139 11 W— Stmr Ala
meda. hence May 17. for Sydney.
Hay ;4, 6:20 p m. lat 24 13 N. Ion 153 13 W— Jap
stmr America Maru, hence May 19, for Hong
konr, etc**.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per schr Eadle, at Urapqua— On May 24. lat
41 40 N. Ion 131 10 W. stmr Zealandla crossed
our bows about 110 yards and wished to be re
ported. She was going bows under at the time.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed May 30— Nor stmr
Horda. for Port Pirle; schr Excelsior, for New
port: schr-JI D Bendixsen. for Honolulu.
UMPQUA— Arrived May 25— Schr Sadie, hence
May 17. ' |
SAN DIEGO— Arrived May 30-Ger stmr Lux
or, from Hambure.
Sailed May 30— Ger stmr LUxor. for San
Francisco; schr Wawona, for Grays Harbor.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 30— Stmr Columbia^
hence May 2S; Br stmr Inverness, from Moro
ran.
Sailed May 30— Br ship Dovenby Hall, for
Queenstown.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrives May 29— Schr
QVen, hence May 19.
IVERSENS LANDING— Sailed May 30— Schr
Reliance, for San Francisco. / i
SEATTLE— Sailed May 29— Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Francisco. May a)— Stmr Centennial,
for Cape Nome.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 2$-Stmr
Newburs. from Ventura.
Sailed May 30— Haw stmr Aztec, for Nanaimo:
Stmr Alcazar, for .
Arrived May 30— Stmr ¦ Alcatraz, hence May
23.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 30— Schr Maria
E Smith, for Honolulu; schr R W Bartlett. for
St Michael.
EUREKA— Arrived May 30— Stmr Westport.
hence May 2S.
Sailed May 30— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco; pchr Lottie Carson, for Newport.
EASTERN PORT.
PHILADELPHIA— Launched May 23— Stmr
Sierra, for Oceanic S S Co. #
FOREIGN "PORTS.
VANCOTJVER-Sailed Arril 4— Br bark Ad
derley. for Sydney.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 1— U S stmr Balti
more, for Kobe. May 4— U S stmr Albatross,
for cruise. May 7— U S stmr Oregon, for Naga
saki. May 10— U S stmr Bennlngton, for Naga
saki.
Arrived May 11 — U S stmr Hancock, hence
April 17.
Called May 7— Jap stmr Kinshu Maru. for
Seattle.
KIHEI-Arrlved May 15-Shlp John C Potter,
from Newcastle.- Aus: i
KAHl'LUI- Arrived April 20—Schr S T Alex
ander, from Tacoma. May S — Schr Emma
Claudlna. from Grays Harbor.
NANAIMO— Sailed Asrll SO— Ship Paramlta.
for Kihel."
" MAHUKONA— Sailed May 19— Brie Harriet
G. for San Francisco.
HONOI PIT— Arrived May 12— Schr Honoipu,
from Newcastle, Aus.
¦ Wednesday. May 30.
U S Etmr Meade. Wilson, from Manila, via
Nagasaki.
Br stmr Gaelic. Finch. 23 days 8 hours from
HonRktns. via Yokohama 17 . ays 17 hours, via
Honolulu 6 days 9 hours.
Stmr State of California. Gage. 52 hours from
Portland, via -Astoria 40 hours.
Stmr National City, Dettzners, 14 hours from
Fort Brae*.
Stmr CJeone. Madsen. IS hours from Caspar:
Nor . stmr Titania, Oulliks n. SS hours from
Nanaimo.
Shipping Intelligence.
—. GRAND HOTEL.
EC Wig-Kins, NY G W Carr. Washington
J Doe. Cal T J Willis. Wis -
W, Dolan. Sacramento W A Newcome, Montry
C King. Syracuse Miss A Diekson. S Crz
Mr Fevland & w. Ala M Murphy. Ansels
R C Hale, Belvedere M J O" Reilly. S Andrs
H H Heard. Cal F J Gilfellow. St Paul
H G Miller. Oakland Miss G Nlms, Stanford
J P Davenport. L Ang W M Black. San Jose
J Lyons. Kentucky E Whlpple & w. Decoto
Mrs J Barter, Portland Miss Whipple. Decoto
Mrs M Bulcer. Portlnd K G/Roo5. Cal
O Turner. Reddins J J Hebbron & w. Cal
J S Talbot & w. Wis J M Streining. S Rosa
J W Hatt & w, N J G W Rlchardson.Uktah
C W Pendleton. L Ang H H Minor. Arcata
C Teaeue. Fresno H S Minor. Arcata
E McBudd. Chicago W Hanson. Alton
S • D Nesmlth. Boston Miss A Dalton. Oaklnd
OH Stilson. Iowa Mrs J R Aiken, Decoto
E L Stilson, Iowa C B Nixon, New lork
Mrs J Barnett, Ohio T C Cooeland, L Ang
Mrs C J Oyler. Sacto - A J Lalson, Lodi
J C Walker, Minn . ¦ T W Shanahan. Cal
B L Watts. Sydney ¦ F J Miller.- Anderson
J Adlst & w, S Africa H R White, Stanford
F Lawson & w, Denmk ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, - MAY 31, 1900.*
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 30>1900.
The. time ball on the tcwer of the new Ferry
building' was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
11
Sun rises 4:50
Sun sets • 7:25
Moon sets 10:04 p. m.
C Time Time Time Time
>i Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
?LW HTY LW HW
- ~ H W L W ~*~ H W * L W~"
$1 ... 0:22 6.7 7:30-0.6 2:4« 4.! 7:13 3.3
1 111 B.8 8:13—0.2 3:32 4.3 8:23 8.3
2 "" 2:05 4.S 8:65 0.3 4:17 4.9 9:39 3.2
3 3:02 4.3 9:33 0.8 4:59 6.0 10:62 3.0
4..'! 4:0« S.8 10:14 US 5:37.6.1
L W H W L W H W
B> 0 02 ' 2.7 5:13 3.6 10:59 1.7 6:14 5.1
6 .'.'.' 0:58 '2.2 6:35 3.4 11:47 2.1 6:50 5.2
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Bonita : ... ..(Newport.. ..V.I May. 31. ' 9 amIPler 11
1 City- Pueblal Vic Ai Pitt SdilMay 31. 11 amlPler 4
Ig. Martscal Mexico ...JMay 31, 4 pmlPier 13
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Santa Rosa..... San Diego...
Crescent City... Crescent City.
Progreso ......... Taeoma...
Matteawan Taeoma
Pomona : Humboldt
Universe ....... Oyster Harbor.
Marlposa Sydney. \
Walla "Walla..: Victoria & Puget Sound
Point Arena.... Mendoclno.
Del Norte. .:.... Oregon Ports.
City of Sydney. Panama.- Z......
llobt. AJumson. Kanalmo.:
Mackinaw ..'».. Seattle.......
Wellington ..... Oyster Harbor.......
Luxor •.;;..'..'.;.. Hamburg
Coos Bay. ". Newport..
Arcata Coob Bay ....
Columbia Portland
Corona' ......... San Dleco
North Fork..... Humboldt...
Hongkong Mam Chlni and Japan..........
Bonlta ...'/. .... .INewport.V ... . .". .. . . ..... . .!
Uma tilla " ... .':» IVIctoria & Puget Sound
I May 31
May 31
May 31
May 31
May 31
May 31
June 1
June - 1
June l
June 1
June 1
June . l
.Tuna : 1
June 1
June ' 1
June 2
June 3
June 4
June ¦ 4
June 4
June , 5
June. 6
June 6
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific <Coast Steamship Co.
% Steamers leave Broadway
wharf, San Francisco:
f^*w^ For Alaskan ports— n a. m..
i?i£.£>2«V Ma - V ;s - J l. Jun» 5. Chance to
l^»^l't~»^ >^* 1 V company's steamers at Seattle.
C&. HrvViPna Tor Victoria. Vancouver (B.
S^piw^ Vn'4 C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
Tacoma. Everrtt. Anaoortes
f* s >kfxiSyft an'l New Whatcom (Wash.)—
14 11 a - m -. May 2S. 31. June S.
and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. X. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
• For Eureka. Humboldt Eay— 10 a. m.. May
28. June 2. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). paviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro,
East .San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newoort—
9 a. m.. May (7. 31. June 4, and every fourth
day thereafter,
For San Dlege. stopping 'only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Aajr?Ies)— 11 a.
nv. May 25. 29", June 5. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chare*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of «alllne
without nrevlous notice.
TICKRT OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO., Gen. Acents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THFO. R. ftlj, PA
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO-^;
'_ From Sr>ear-street wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC $'2 First Class Including BartS
iMnL $3 Second Clas*. nnd Ateals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
June 2
COLUMBIA SAILS June 7
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to nil points East.-
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
waXf^WM - 620 Market st.
GOODALL, PERJMNS & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 n. m ¦
for. YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai. ' and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of salllnz. -
SS. HONGKONG MARU:..
v..... Thursday. June 14. 190ft
SIS." NIPPON MARU Tuesday. July 10 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU....
...........Friday, August 3, 1900
. , Via Honolulu.
' Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
OCEA1J TRAVEIfa,
Ma
Cofflfflercial Company
Will Dispatch Frcm San Francisco Direct for
NOME
— ANI>—
St. Michael
THE FIRST-CLASS
S. S. SAN JOSE
SAILING
SATURDAY, JUNE 2d,
FOH RATES APPLT TO
ALASKA
COMMERCIAL COMPANY
310 SANSOME STREET.
fe\ Valencia
1/ "^^4 FOR
SECOND TRIP.
LEAVES SEATTLE .JULY 3
FIRST-CLASS LIGHTERAGE FACTLmES
AT NOME.
For rassenjer and freieht rates apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Go,,
SO California St., S. F.
313 1st Ave. South, Seattle.
Taclflo "Coast Steamship "Co.
ralome
DIRECT.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
Win sail from Seattle and Tacnma June t\
July 21 and Aucust 27. The SENATOR sail-
ing July 21. ¦will make an Excursion Trip vta
the Inland passage, and after landing at Nom*
will continue north thm* the Behrine Strait?,
past East Cape on the Siberian coast, crossing
the Arctic Circle, passing into th« Arctlo
Ocean. Passengers are advised to Inspect th«
Senator before purchasing tickets via other
rteamers, as her second-class and steerage ac-
commodations are superior to the first-class
accommodations on most of the steamers ad-
vertised for Nome. The Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Ca has been running Its steamers tu
Alaska — winter and summer — for 25 years and
Is th«» Pioneer Paclflc Coast Lintt. For further
Information inquire of J. F. TKOWBRIDGG.
Ocean Dock. Seattle. Wasji; N. POSTOX, 243
Washington st.. PortIand.-*Or.: W. PARKI3. 12<
West Second st.. L03 Angeles. Cal.:'OOOD-
ALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oen. ARts.. 10 Market
st. TICKET OFFICE — I New Montgomery St.,
Pan Francisco.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
WILL. DISPATCH FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
DIRECT FOR NOME
The -well-known "Alaska Flyer" and most
popular boat In the Alaska service.
S. S. HUMBOLDT.
POSITIVE SAILING
SATURDAY JUNE S
FROM STEUAUT-STREET WHARF at II
d'CLOCK A. M. SHARP.
Bookings now b*ing made for second sailing
; S. S. Z.EALANDIA.
' For freight and passenger rates apply al
office.
The ALASKA EXPLORATION CO. . 139 Post St.
AMERICAN LINE.
Rf T03X. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PASIi
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Ft. Paul... '.:.... June *[St. Louis July <
St. Louis June 13|New York July 11
Et. Paul June 27, St. Paul July 1}
RED STAF? LINE.
Newf Yorl{ cod Antw»r».
From New York every "Wednesday. 12 noon.
Koordland June S! Westernland ...June T,
Friesland June 131 Kensington July 4
Southwark June 201 Noordland July U
--- - E/APIRc LINE.
S. E. "OHIO," frcm Seattle to Nome ant! St.
Michael. May 24th. • Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June 30, July 31. Ausust 30. For rates
and other information apply to
EMPIRE TRANPORTATION CO.,
30 Monteomery Street.
COMPAGHIE OEUEBALE TRAS3ATXAHTIQTJZ.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^_
Palling every Thursday instead of
Saturday, from* November 2. 1S99, at w*iS««»
10 a, n.. from Pier 42, North River, foot ol
Morton st- LA BRETAGNE. June 7: LA LOIt.
RAIXE. June 14: LA CHAMPAGNE, June 21;
L'AQUITAINE. June 28. First class to HavTe.
J60 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. $43: 5 per cent
reduction en round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Ajtents. I
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
'- TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHHRBOURQ
(PARIS) AND HAMBURO. •
TWIX-SCUEW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURO AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBTHIO. .
For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAX LINE. 37 B'dw'y, Jf. T.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved If secured bejare deaarture.
' HER2OG A CO.. Gen. A»rts. for Pacific Coast.
4«n. California St.. corner S»n«one. S. F.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HONOLULU. APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. June 13. S p. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, June X. 1300, 2 p. m.
I. 0. SPRECKELS & BSOS. CO.. «?{*., u rJar.tgcn?;?
?i«r 7. Foot racific St Freichl 0»ce.?21 Market St.
fiCOSMOS UNE^Ifil
. SSKAPI3 Toaai
Mont'uly liillai! (or V«liir»uo tnd Himtmrg j
« v ji ICexloan ports . Or.tral, Scut ii Amsriea. etc |
8.S. Luxor. 5500 tons, sails abcut June 9. j
• H»r *„-,-* ~HU oare.rr B»rtft Xt..S»» Frit »W»_J
BAY AND RIVER STEAMSBS.
FOR U.S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
¦ Steamer "Monticello."
: MON'.. Tues.. Wed.. Tburs. and Sat. at 9:41
a. m.: 3:13. S:30 p- «"• <e»- Thurs. night); Frl.
day«. lp.n. and 8:30: Sunday*. W:SO a. m.. f
p.- m.. Landlns and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No S. Telephone Main L'Cs.
FARE v i l*»
rnoTocoAPUic supplies.
wi; }os.n kodaks free; phcio supplies. ISackus
studio. 31 Geary St.. rround floor. .
liL\l/ 12VTATB CITY — FOlt SALE.
X. M. Srr.CK & CO.. ecTMarket TC,
Opposite Kearny. .
Mark'; Et.— Two Irontageg; north Bide and
east tide cf Taylor et.-. lc-a«» abcut expiring;
increased rental offered.
f.Z.o'iC- — Corner, near Market and Jones; 73
feet, tromage; rare bry.
$12. ixfl— Uer.ts J400; lot S0xlS7:6 feet; modern
building; pavs 10 per cent.
$32.090— Fourth el. near Towrsend; 137:6x
127:6: near roiiroad and warehouses.
BS.OQ*— \7dBU7 Larkln and McAllister; let
CS:*xl£i>. fe«t; two frontages; rente W10.
J23,OjO— Sixth Et.; 75 leet frontage: 4 etores ;
and U ro!«!.-.s above; rents $200.
$12.:«i— Half h:->ok from Market and Eteuart
Vta.: i.rick t.uUdir.s.
J12.i(.« — Xir.iii ti. ; close U> Mission; 38 feet
front; two ctores and flats.
SSOOO— Hems JiCO; lot 100xl!7:fi; Powe'.l-st. car
llr.e.
S7rC0 — Broadway. between Buchanan and
V.'ebstcr sts. ; lot Ti i 2 >.ii2 feet; choicest "resi-
<lence site.
JGSO-:)— Klx bcy-wlndaw flats; rents J06; lot
<Sx75; Rear Sixth and Howard .its.
$CW-12£i B-jsh St.. lot 3JxlS7:6; house of 14
rooms; must be poll.
$3000 — Powell st.: three flats: rents $62.
JiiOj — Four fine flats; Carp tt. ; rente $40.
$£200 — «lu6 Twer.ty-afih «.. near Castro; etore
tnd rooRjs; lot 20x114 feet.
ROOO— Htnts $}J; five flats; two frontages;
Vallrjo «t.
J27io — SI Po*jth Park; house and lot; 21x107:6.
A. M. EPICCIC fc CO.. 6C7 Market st.
EOL GETZ & BROTHEH.
ROOM -A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
K£0 to Sf30-?'jr.set !ct- ; ; fuperb .view of
ocean; graded and sewered; easy Installments.
»<50 to $900— Choicest Richmond lots; JIO
monthly.
tXOO to J30— Level lott; near Miiflon-st. car;
SS monthly.
J6S0 to Jli^O — 4 »r.d 5 room ecttares In excel-
lent locations: near care; payments same aa
rent.
Call fcr Maps and Diagrams.
6OL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM -A." CROCKER BUILDING.
BELECTKI) Bst rf choice loti In Richmpr.d.
well located, all street work don* and very
cheap; situateU between two great parks, the
Presidio on the r.^rth and Oold^n Gate Park
on the eouth: en?y of acre! 1 * by the electric
cars: Eleventh ave.. west fide, between Point
Loboa ave. nnd Cleir.er.t tt.; two lots, 23x120;
$7M each.
Tenth ave.. weet sl.ie. 100 feet south from
Clement: 2 lots. £r,xl29: J'.itfO.
Ter.th are., cast sice, a few steps north from
Clement, two lot?, 25x120; $1100.
Tenth ave.. wett side, between Point Lobos
ave. and A s<t.. three lots. 2SxK0.
$700 ea^h; j-JM for what they v.ere mortcaped
fcr years mfOl ar.y one lookir.s for a nice buld-
lcg eite fhou'.d po and examine these lots.
\V. J. GUNN.
r.3O California Ft.
If you have rrcp^rty north cf the Park, or
Hrrner'e Addition end the Mlsplon, that you
wart to <Hh< ** <"'. then call on AV. j.
OI.'NX. B30 Taiifomia et.
>1OI)ERN" house? and flats built at lowest
prices; r!ar.F and estimate* furnished for all
building v-^-rk. 'WMPIli'LL. 1147 Mission Et.
1CKAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sn!»
J1(M> — FINK St-mcre ranch; level garden land;
good boose; barn 2u!l of bay; tine horse.
fcuRry; U-0 chickens and farming tools, etc.;
Jarc U.<: rniie to Elation.
Clearance sale; i>0c on the Jl; 2S fine Im-
proved farms in prices ranging from 11000 to
S20.eGG each; they belong tu a bank and are
ordered sold within sixty days at h* appraised
value: easy terms; freight to S. F. $1 a ton;
fare We. Call for full printed. descriDtloa.
J"0— Nice lO-«cre hem*, on R. R. ; nice land;
seme c»k trees; payable JIO a mbnth.
WESTERN' LAND CO.. 640 Market et.
FOR tale— SCO acres school land en Mt. Pan-
hedrin, Lake Co.: very cheap: best situated
for a summer resort. Box SOS. Call office.
FOR sale — P.sr» barcaln ; San Jose residence.
AcUirefi S. C. SI'EKO. care Call. S. F.
UOO3IS I'OIl HorSEICEEPIXG.
BUCHANAN. KB. cor. Fell-Sunny furnished
window; kitchen; gas stox-e: $12.
CULT. US, rear Fil'more— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard: water: rear; rent $7.
EDDY. 207— Nice larpe 'urnlshed front rooms;
cheap: lis'nt housekeeping; i?aj». bath: quiet.
EDDY, 917— Nice many connecting rooms; fur-
r.i&hed; no children; j>r'vate residence.
KI-L.IS. Z?.! — Two »¦:..; J sunny furnished house-
kr-*p:ng roams in rear; $!•. :
FIFTH, r— — Suite of i rooms fcr housekeep- 1
lag.
FOLGOM. T2Z— Large sunny furnished room;
light hou«"-keeptn5; $1 £0 week.
FOLEOU, S34— LRrf WlgBJ bay-window room;
k:fhen; clouts; bath; everything priv.; 13 23.
FOLSOM. l.'^O— Sunr.y furnished alcove front
room fcr 2 fcr light housekeeping.
GOLDKN GATS *ve.. K4— Lovely housekeep-
ing for S adults; piano; bath; storage; thor-
ooctaly renovated.
HAYKS, tfl— Bay-window flat of 6 rooms and
! ath. SZ5: or tell for $200. '
HOWARD. W6H. nr. Fourth— Sunny furnished
back and front rooms for housekeeping.
HOWARD. £29— Pinsl* housekeepinp. $6 and $7;
suite with every convenience for housekeeping,
$19 and U2.
HOWARI*. lf^l—2 connecting completely furn.
housekpg raif.; water; also large front room.
HYDE. 4'*— Sur.r-ij- fror.t parlor with kitchen;
<-.!so front basement Fuite, $14.
JEF?IE. <7R— 2 housekeeping rooms; also other
rooms: rent reasonable.
MAUKET, ISS, near EiKhth— 3 eunny rooms: 2
cor.r.ecUr.g. 1 front; rar-ire; water; yard; $15.
MISSION, !31!»— tunny housekpc rooms, newly
furn. ; en f ulu» or Einple; cheap: room 2 beds.
NATOMA, 2S4. near Fourth-2 front furnished
housekeeping rooms; water, sink, cloaet.
NINTH. CSSn— Fur.ny *uite for housekeeping;
rent J!C: ai*« yirrle room.
ICOE. ISL near Market-2 Funny bay-window
rooms: modem flat; complete for housekeex-
Iry; $12.
OAK. US— 2 *unr.y rooms furnished for heavy
housekeeping. J10; single rooms. JS and JS.
POV/ELL, Sll'i— Desirable unfurnished kitchen
_ ar.d forge sunny rra.; neighborhood nice; $S.
POWELL. 2403— Lar^e front room; also house-
k«^»plr.sr and single room;; gas and bath.
SOTTTH PARK. 1?4— 2 Funny rooms, nicely fur-
cished fcr houseke^pinK.
fiT. JAVBSr for. McAllister «nd Lacuna— See
handsomely furnished, runny front suite. $16;
eirjrle large rcom, $S; modern fittings for
ilpht houwkeejrtni:.
iT^VENSONr«2rbet. 7th and Sth-Two fur-
c'.shed fcous«>ke»plng rooms; bath; central.
ETEVKNSON, 2S3. bet. Third and Fourth—
Sur.r.y housekeeping rooms, completely fur-
tlshed; clso single roomi at reasonable price.
6T.TTER. 4G7— 2 rooms, furnished or unfur-
r.!?h»d; eultabl* for Hght housekeeping.
TEH A MA. €2—8 or 8 rooms, furnlihed; etatlon-
ery tubs; rent reasonable.
TURK, Ei3— Sunny bedroom ar.4 kitchen, com-
plcie for housekeeping; gtove; ga*; bath; J14.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions em been established at 1098 Va-
lencia it.
CLAFPiriEI> advertisements ard subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore- tt.
ROOSIS TO LET — Forn. and Vaturn.
A — ER UN£w7cK~T^USE^ 14S Blxth^Rooms
2ic to *! per right, $1 £5 to $5 per week.. and
light b.outekrepinc; open all night. .
BOHFMIA. ZSi Pest— Sunny corner suites to
rentlfmen and families ; reference* irtven; ele-
vator; all conven'ces; tourists accommodated.
BURKKTT. Kit Market fct. (old No. 13«4>— Fur-
r.itihed rn-r-.. *uile«. tingle; also unfurnished.
CLEMITIXTINA. O^i-Larse furnished room,
—*!*'•' Ule °* P*rlor: private family; $1 month.
EIGHTH. ZGB— Laiee neatly furnished sunny
room: bath; U: t.rivate family.
FIFTH. 2i»— Single furnished rooms, $4 and $5;
a.ro 1 :urn:s.hc-d for housekeeping. $7.
FOLEOM. CS— Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; hot end cold water.
FOLSCM. M4— n week; Jarge eunay furnished i
room; clorct; hath; private. ¦
FOLSOM. iC. corner Sixth— Suite of S elesant
tuncy <-erner_r<jon«. suitable for doctor.
iOLKOM. SCc. cor. Cth <The Oliver)— Newly fur-
r.lshed sunny rooms, single or suites; reasonbl.
FOURTH. 22J',±— Nicely furnUhed bay-window
fc:.J tincle rooms; xuoderate: quiet.
GKARV. SCS <The San Jose) — Newly furnished
sunny front tui" of rooms and bate.
GEJLCY. 4CS (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnUhed
rooms; cuile» or single: travelers accom'dated.
Gj'ARY. 1M2 — One neat sunny rQpm; furnished
or unfurnished. - .
GOLDEN GATE ave., 223. near Hyde— Nicely
furnished froat room, housekeeping If dt-
elrcd; also eircle room.
CiliAiCD fc'OUTHEHN. southeast corner Seventh
and M!selcn sts. — Sunny rooms, en salt e or
•"«— 1#-. Jidics' parlor; reeding room; elevator.
ROO3IS TO LET — Porn, and I'utnrn.
H ANCOCK HOUSED 7S1 Mission St.— Select
family rooming house; Jl CO to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 7U\b. near Fourth— Finely fur^
nisbed sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike: Tl week up.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites: glngle; tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. 33-Two larce sunny housekeeping
rcxjr.is. r><vlroom and kitchen: running water.
HOWARD, 829— Rooms from $1 week up to $3;
25c to Jl night; also housekeeping rooms.
HYDE* 1026— Large sunny " furnished front
room. 110; also back room. .57. ","'¦' .
JESSIK, CTS. oft Seventh— Furnished flat; also
rooms. .">¦"¦
KCARNY. 101— Front puite. 2 unfurnished
rooms. J10; 2 front suites. 4 rooms. $1S.
LEAVENWORTH, li^l— 3 upstairs rooms; rent
$10. ,
LARK1X. 10^1. near Post— Newly renovated,
fl.uly furnished, sunny rooms, single. $5 and
S*i per mo.; double for 2. $a and J10 mo.; bath.
MA?ON. EO:— Nicely furnished single rooms.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
v.lndow room, tl per week: transient. .__
MISSION. 1ZIZM. near Eleventh— Nicely fur-
nished bay-window room; also other rooms.
MISSION. 1729'i. nr. Thirteenth— Nicely furn. j
I n.>om; stove, folding bed. bath, laundry: to. j
NINTH, 21 — Nicely furnished rooms. SI 80 per
week.
O'FAKRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean rms.. suites or sin-
gle; transient; running water; rates reduced.
ROS-UI'ALE House. 313 and ZZl Ellis St.— Rooms,
right. Vac to Jl: week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent
Hght, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week. 52
to IS: month, is to J20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; batb!«. j
SACRA MENTO. 1M4. bet. Hide and' Larkin— j
Large sunny front room on second floor, ele- j
gantly furn. : bay-window, water, grate, gas. !
EHERMAN Apartment House, IS Eishth st.,
r.ear Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON. 267 ! .s. upstairs — Newly furnished
rocm«; private family: terms reasonable.
THE OAKS. 1X3 Third— A cood rooming house
I for ro?d people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
TWO nicely furnished sunny rooms, together
rr separate; rent reasonable. Inquire 1559
Pa"iflc ave.. between Larkin and Polk.
A BRANCH efflce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
'encia it.
i CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch efflce. X<V) Fillmore st.
i
j KOOMS AXD UOARO. .
j MARKET. ir»4PA (Hotel Robinson)— Furn. rms.,
with first-class board: double. J10 wk. ; single,
tC5 mo.: modern: elevator; tabl" board, $4 wk. ;
mea ls. 15c. MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
HOTEL Sutherland, cor. Jones and Sutter »ts. —
Pleasant sunny tingle rooms and suites, with
board: Irst-class, with every convenience.
HAIGHT. 222— Sunny room?, with or without
board.
LAS PALMAS. 1SW Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private; bath: sin. rms.; beard optional.
\ NEW family hotel: exceptionally pood In every
I particular: rummer rates.. & r 7 California Ft. I
1
KOOMS WAXTED.
LADY with daughter % years of ape desires by
! September 1 a well-furHlshed sunny room.
! with board, in a ytrlctiy retired private fam- '
fly. no other children, near Kmers">n or Van
Kesa pubtle school: references exchanged.
A<3dre?s at or.ee MRS. W. H. LAMBERT.
Hilo. Hawaii. H. I.
WANTE1* — A room in poor family trhere there
are children; within 5 blocks of 4th and Mar-
; k<-t Ft?.; not particular about room. Address
W. K. RANDELL. 913'j Market tt.
BPECIAL NOTICES.
! LADIES— ChIcheFter*s English Pennroyal Pills.
i are the best; safe, reliable; take no other:
Fetid 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
I Ladies" in letter by return mail; at drug-
! gists. Chloheeter Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
I BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
! city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. Jl up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
[ ALL kirds botrfcht. Fold, and repairing guaran-
; teed. " C*as. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
RENTED, repaired, bought, fold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kin's boupht. Fold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rateg. ZC'i Fourth «t.
STOIIAGU AX1> WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
BKKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st..
tel. South 535— Packing, moving and storage.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlce 401 Post et.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. K50 Fillmore st.: rh^ne Jackson 231."
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^- We
6ell better machines for less money than any
hiiUFc In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchsnpe. ESS California, telephone Main 165.
DIVIUUMJ NOTIC1C3.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 105 (flfty
cents -*»er share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the offlce of th»
company, 227 Market Et., on and after Fri-
day, June 1, 1900. Transfer books will close
on Saturday, May 26, 1900, at 12 o'clock m.
W. D. K. GIBSON. Secretary pro tern.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies, atid Accounts. Navy Department.
"Washington. D. C. until 12 o'clock noon. June
12, 1900. »nd publicly opened immediately
thereafter, to furnish the annual supply of
coal, coke, wood and charcoal at the Navy-
yard and Naval Hospital. Mare Island. Cal.,i
the Naval Training Station, San Francisco.
Cal., -and the Naval Station. Pujret Sound,
Wafh. Blank forms of proposals will he fur-
nished upon application to the Bureau, to
the Navy-yard, Mare Island. Cal., the Naval
Station, Puget Sound. Wash., or to the NavP
Pay Office. San Francisco, Cal. A. S.
KENNV. Paymaster Gener.->1 U. S. N. 6-12-00.
PROPOSALS will he received at the Bureau of
KuppliM and Account?. Navy Department.
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon, June
S. 1900. and publicly opened Immediately there-
after, to furnish at the Navy Yard. Mare
Island. Cal.. a quantity of flreproofed lumber,
pully blocks, steel plates and shapes, machine
tools, sheet brass wire, tools and galvanized
rheet iron. BlanU proposals will be furnished
upon application to the Bureau or to the Navy
Pay Offlce, San Francisco, Cal. A. S. KEN-
KY. Paymaster General U. S. N. 5-4-00.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN If sold at once; cottage. 6 rooms,
bath and pantry; open plumbing; planked
base.Tient: lot £5x135. 728 HaJght ave.. Ala-
meda; Mastick t tat ion. broad gauge; Webster
station, narrow gauge.
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure: bargains: one-flfth cash; bal-
ance in 1. 2. S or 4 years. Alameda Savings
Bar.k. ¦:-, ,-
ALAMEDA KOOMS.
TO let— To party of adults, cheap, T large
rooms, bath and pantry, all j In No. 1 condi-
tion; kitchen partly -furnished. Inquire at
WM. HORSTS, cor. Santa Clara ave., Bear
Ninth st. . . ¦ -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
J7M A'ILL buy a 3-room cottage, new barn!
wcll-eppointed chicken houses and run, 3
large-lots, fruit trees, aFg»jrted and In bear-
ing, flowers in profusion, vegetable garden,
line well of excellent water, a cozy home and
line bargain; Allendale Tract, adjoining East
Oakland; SO families now located and grow-
ing rapidly; near a fine school, electric car
lines and a 90-foot wide boulevard; call or
send for circular, 4j3 Seventh Ft., r.oar corner
Broadway. Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
ELOCKX4. must be sold, near 23d ave., 17th »t..
East Oakland: a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser.- SAMUEL SWIFT. 1112 East Six-,
te*ntb St.. East Oakland. '
OAKLAND. FURNISHED HOUSES ~
$25 AND J30— Furnished house. 8 rooms. 1312
Ninth st.. 2 blocks from Center station. Oak-
• land; key 1610, next door, or address . P. O.
box 137, Lorin, Cal. - - . ,- -
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR ) BALK.
AN introduction to you from II. Schellhaas. th* '
furniture dealer, Uta via Frsn&lln, Oakland. '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
• OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
XtTuctioS; ~~.~~~~ ~— ~
at auction.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
Saturday, June 2, 2 p. m.. at salesroom.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
4C0 and 4B2 Eighth St., Oakland.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Subject to confirmation of court:
No. L
Starr estate. S. E. cor. Fifth ave. and East
Tenth et.; elegant (Starr) residence; 15 rooms;
furnace; ttable; lot 123x140 or 200x140; location
choicest in East Oakland.
' No. 2.
FINE RESIDENCE LOTS.
Adjoining above. N. E. cor. Fifth ave. and
East Ninth St., Clinton Station; opposite elegant
mansion of W. S. Goodfellow; In 4 subdivisions.
37:6 and LUxllO each; don't fall to see them.
No. 3.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Waters estate S. W. cor. Tenth and Webster
Ets. ; 50x75; business lots for stores or Hats; 2
blccks of First National Bank (Tenth and
Brcadway); lot is outside of new fire llmirs.
MAGNIFICENT COTTAGE HOUSE.
1510 West st.. Market or narrow-gauge sta,
tions; S rooms; modern; curly redwood finished;
mantels, gas, etc.; 33x100; only $500 cash, bal-
ance 8 per cent; rents $25 month.
EAST OAKLAND BUSINESS BLOCK. '
7CS and 7CS-* East 12th bL. bet. ISth and 16th
aves.; 2-story brick building; store and upper
flat; lot 25x140 to allev: terms cash.
INCOME FLATS.
S. E. cor. Sixth and Castro Bte.. Market-st.
Etatlon; modern buildins; each 5 rooms, bath,
cas. mantel: brick foundation; lot 37:6x75; fine
location fcr store; only J400 ,cafeh. balance five
yearly payments: rents J27 CO month.
EASY TERM RESIDENCE.
677 Sixth st., near Cnstro. adjoining above; 2-
Ftory. 9 rooms and bath; brick foundation; lot
87:'!x76; near. Markets, station; only $300 cash,
balance 5 yearly payments. •
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Subject to confirmation of court.
£02 Franklin St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth; cottage
of 5 rooms; lot 25x75 ; only 2 blocks of Seventh
and Broadway; rent $12. -•;'".
ELEGANT 9-ROO1I RESIDENCE.
<<!4 Merrimac <or Twenty-eighth) St.. near Tel-
egraph ave.. on beautiful McClure Heights;
modern In every respect; lot 63x110; bank mort-
gage $4000 can remain; must be sold.
FINE BUILDING LOT..
: W.-Bide of Adeline St.. 125 feet N. of Eighth;
E0xl2S:3: choice location: Adeline station.
SAN PABLO AVENUE LOTS.
N. W. cor. San Pablt» and Bonton aves.,
Golden Gate station; 3 lot?, 46x100 each; location
for stores; new electric line and Santa Fe Rail-
road will treble value; half cash.
BEAUTIFUL BERKELEY COTTAGE (CITY
LIMITS).
S. side Benton (or Sixtieth) St., 300 feet W. of
, Grcve-st. line; 2 blocks Lorin station; 8 rooms;
porcelain bath, mantels, finished basement; cost
San Francisco merchant JICOO: 59xlS5; new flat
loan Slow*, balance cash; a «nap.
: HOME NEAR TELEGRAPH AVENUE AND
THIRTY-EIGHTH STREET.
E. Fide Ruby st., 200 f*et N. of Moss a%*e. (or
Thirty-eighth ft); modern; bay window; 7
looms, bath; cement basement; extra fine barn;
lot LOxlOO; choicest shrubberies; new flat mort-
gage J1S<X). balance cash.
j nnsirtKNCE ssd and grove streets.
C*3 Thirty-third St.. near Grove; modern; 2-
story; S rooms; lot 30x100; $500 cash.
Remember date. Saturday. June 2, 2 p. m.
Write for maps.
Call and be shown properties.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
Offlce and salesroom 460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
San Leandro Advertisements.
SAX^ LEANDRO REAL EST.VTF.
14000— ORCHARD of 5 acres, with cottage, barn,
I etc.. near San Leandro. FRANK & McCAR-
THY. San Leandro. ¦
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with th? name and residence of per-
Foris r^'Hhorized to have the same published.
DIED.
.Coulter. Prud«nce McKay, Neil
Dairimple. Mary Macey, Catherine
Davis, David Murphy. John H.
Demartinl. Theresa O' Brine. Michael .
Devine. Mary F. Rice. John G.
Dler-kmann. Annie Riordan, Walter A.
Graff. Mary A. Robertson. James
Gunther. Eva T. Roche. Michael
Haley. Dr. C>-as. S. Rogers. William
Hamer. George H. Searle. Capt. Robt.il.
Hoole, Edward Stacy. Georgia B.
Johnson. Helen J. Kternltzky. Bertha
Jordan. Michael Walsh. Julia A.
Lewi*. Myer Weber. J. D.
McDonnugh. . Ellen Weissich. Caroline P.
McFarland. Thomas | Wlltn. Mary E.
COULTER— In this city. May 29. 1900, Prudence,
beloved wife of Joseph Coulter, a native of
• County Fermanagh, Ireland.
C7" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the residence of her
bister. Mrs. Albert Rixon, 26 South Park. In-
terment private.
DALRIMPLE— In this cltv. May 26. 1900, Mary,
wife of the late Hudson Dairimple, a native
of Manchester. England, aged 68 years.
Si-^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
QAVIS— In Berkeley, May 2S. 1900, David, hus-
band of Margaret Davis, and father of Mrs.
H. C. Perkins and Samuel. James. Arthur.
Sarah, Elizabeth and P.achel Davis, a native
of Wales, aged 78 years.
CKrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral sen-ices at the family resi-
dence, 2347 Clianning way, corner of Bow-
ditch street, Berkeley, this (Thursday) morn-
ing, at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
DEMARTIXI— In this city. May 30. 1900. The-
resa, dearly beloved wife of the late Joseph
Pemartini. ani mother of Mrs. Rosa Sbarboro
and Mrs. Virginia Cervlli and of Mr. Angelo,
Peter and John Demartmi. a native of Italy,
aged hi years 7 months and 17 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
June 2. at 10 o'clock, from' her late resi-
dence! £.25 Union stree*» between Stockton and
Dupont. thence to Sts. Peter and Paul's Ital-
ian Church, whore at 10:30 o'clock a solemn
requiem high mass will be, celebrated for the
repose of her soul, thence to New Italian
Cemetery.
DEVIXE- In this city. May 29. 1900, Mary Fran-
res, beloved daughter of Nicholas and Grace
Devine, a native of Des Molnes, Iowa, aged 2S
years.
U^Tht* funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10:20 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 327 Fell street, thence -to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. .
DIECKMANN— In this city,' May 21. 1900.
¦ Annie, dtarly beloved wire of Frledrlck Dieck-
mann, beloved nmther of Annie Diockmann,
daughter »>f Ann!e ind the late Frank Scherf,
and sister "f Frank. Henry, Gu?Me, Mary and
Adelaide Scherf. a native of San Francisco,
aged 26 years and 5 month*.
ZZT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attrnd the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S o'clock, from her late residence,
San Bruno avenue and Dwight street, thence
to Ht. Anthony's Church, Folsom and Army
streets, where a requiem "high mass **lll be
celebrated for the reiwse of her soul, com-
mencins at 9. o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
GRAFF— In the City and. County Hospital.
May 29. .1900, Mary A. Graff, a native of
Switzerland, aged C6 years.
GUNTHER— In this city, May 2?, 1900, Eva
Thompson Gunther, beloved wife of Edward
VV. Gunther, devoted mother of Eva A. Gun-
ther. and daughter of Hartwell C. and the late
Hannah Thompson, a native of San Francisco
aged 23 years.
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(ThurEday). at 1:15 o'clock, from ht-r late
residence, ffi Belcher street, off Thirteenth,
near Fillmore. thence to Sacr<?d Heart Church,
Fell and Fillmore street*, where funeral serv-
ices will be held at, 2 o'clock. Interment ilau-
rel Hill- Cemetery. .
ORIXDA Parlor No. 66, N. D. G. W.— Mem-
bers: You are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of pur beloved slater, Mr*. Eva Gun-
ther. this day (Thursday), at 1:13 o'clock,
from her late residence,' 96 Belcher street. By
order of the president. MAE McRAE.
MARGUERITE LYONS, Sec.
HALEY-In this city. May 23. 1500, Dr. Charles
P. Haley, beloved husband of May A. Halev,
father of Mrs. K. E. Hall. Mrs. J. E. More-
house, Mrs. William A. JenUins, Mr?. Wil-
liam C. EUlncwood and Wlllard O., Charles
S.. John T. and Clarence E. Haley, and
brother of. Mrs. Joshua Chadbourne and Mrs.
S. Q. Low. a native of Maine, aged 67 years
,>"l£7Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the
chapel at Odd Fellows 1 . Cemetery.. Incinera-
tion rrlvate. . ¦
HAMER— In this city. May 23, 1300. Georg- ii
Hamer. a native of. Baltimore, Md., aged -75
years.- .
(E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGflER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagh»r) .
FUNEHAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln. School
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel." South f 167. V
} rUNEBAL DISECTOES AND ZMBALMERS. .
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.,
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY
CO LMA, SAUT M ATEO CO. ¦
DFFICE, 916 MARKET ST. Ttl. 8*337/
CTNotice of funeral hereafter. -. "." '.
WILTS— In Oakland, May 30, 1900, Mary. Eliza-
beth, wife of D. A. Wilts, and mother of Mrs.
C. P. Mengel. a native of Kentucky, aged 65
years and 15 days. ~ -
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday)... at S:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the lepose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WEBER— In this' city. May 29. 1300, J. D.
Weber, beloved brother of Fred Gerdes and
Henry and George Weber, a native of Olden-
burg. Germany, aged 49 years and 6 months.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
II. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
WEISSICH-In this city. May 50. 1900, Caroline
P. Welssich, widow of the late W. O. Wels-
slch, and beloved mother of Mrs. Theo.
Dierks. Mrs. Clemens Eschmann and Julia D.
and Wme. O. Weissich. a native of Minden,
Westphalia. Germany, aged 66 years % month
and £8 days.- -
(ETFriends Rnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
' dence. 201 Charter Oak avenue, corner Augus-
ta street, near Silver avenue. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
WALSH— In this city. May 29. 1900. Julia
Agnes, beloved daughter of Julia and the late
Stephan C. Walsh, a native of San Francisco.
l£7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
STERNITZKY-In this city, May 29. 1900 Ber-
tha, beloved wife of Re.inhold Stemitzky. and
mother of Anna, Robert, Richard. Robert F
Jr. and the late Marie and Willfe Stemitzky,
a native of Kreuzberg Ober, Schlesien, Ger-
many, aged 71 years 10 months and 3 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-*
fully "invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at
Trinity Episcopal Church, corner Bush and
Gough" streets. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland, Cal.
STACY— In Reno, Nev.. May 27, 1900, Georgia
B., only daughter of Efther A. and M V B
Stacy, a native of San Francisco, aired 34
years.
E7" Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
EEARLE— In this city. May 24. 1900, Captain
Robert R. Searle, a native of England, aged
69 years.
CTFrie.nd3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:}0 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother. 17 Capp street.' Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ROCHE— In this city. May 23, 1900. Michael
Roche, brother of. Denis D. and Philip A.
Roche. Mrs. Michael Curtin. Mrs. J. Roche,
Mrs. L. Lorgariand Mrs. Rider, a native of
the parish of Brosnla, County Kerry, Ire-
land, aeed 56 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at &:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 4O5Vi Grove street, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, Fell and Fillmore
streets", where a requiem hlsh man will be
celebrated -for the repose of his coul. com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery-
ROBERTSON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. May 20, 1900. James Robertson, a native of
Ireland, nsod 39 years.
ROGERS— In this city. May 2S, 1900. William
RoMfs, beloved son of Minnie and the late
H. Rogers, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year. -• - k ¦ *•
EXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at S:43 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 322 Eighth avenue, Richmond, thence
to Star of the Sea Church, where a requiem
hich mass will be celebrated for the repose
cf his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RIORDAN— In this city. May 23. 1900, Walter
A., beloved son of Catherine and the late
John C. Rlordan. and brother of Frank II.
and Ella F. Riordan. Mrs. James A. A hern
and the late Daniel A. and John T. Rlordan.
a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years 4
months and 17 days.
. [E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his lat» resl-
dent-e, 2i4 Linden avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fell and Fillmore
streets, for services at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
O' BRINE— In Oakland. May 30. 1900, Michael,
beloved husband of Martha O'Brlne. brother
of William O'Brlne and Mrs. Mary Quiley.
and brother-in-law of Thomas. Martin and
Edward McGIauehlin, a native of Bellows
Kalis, Vt., aged 43 years 10 months and 20
days.
(E7 Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. SSI Cedar street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose- of his soul, commenc-
ing Jit 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery, Oakland.
RICE— In thin city; May 29.-1900. John G. Rice,
relict of the late Mary Rice, and beloved
father of Georee A. and Thomas F. Rice and
Mrs. A. H. Stoll, a native of Ireland, aged
6<S years.
CT'Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to .attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 3:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvc-y & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McKAY— In this city. May 30, 1900, Nell Mc-
Kay, a native, of Scotland, aged 79 years.
MACEY— In I-os Anjreles, at the residence of
her daughter, Mrs. A. C. Allen. May 26. 1900.
Catherine Macey, widow of the late Isaac
Macey. > ' .
MURPHY— In this city. May 29, 1900. John
Henry, beloved son of Thomas and the late
Catherine Murphy, and brother of William.
Daisy, Bella, Aggie and Frankie Mujphy, a
native of San Francisco, aged 17 years and 8
months.
lC?"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 116. Dorland street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
McFARLAND — In this city. May 2S. 1900,
Thomas McFarland, a native of Dublin. Ire-
land, aged 2S years. • (Chicago, 111., and Dub-
lin. Ireland, papers please copy.) . -
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his brother." Sol Lewis. 1601 Post
i street, thence by special train leaving Third
and Townsend streets at IT o'clock, for Home
of Pear*. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
McDONOUGH— In this city. May 20, 1900. Ellen,
beloved wife of Peter McDonough. and mother
of Edward P.. Nellie G.. Thomas P. and John
J. McDonoueh, a native of the parish of
Tuan, Milltown, Ireland, aged 50 years ?
months and 20 days. ' ...
E7"Krlends and acoualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his laie resi-
dence. 10$ San Bruno avenue, near Fifteenth
street, thence to St. Charles Borromeo's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LEWIS-In this city. May 29. 1300, Myer Lewis,
beloved husband of Rosa Lewis, and brother
of Sol hnd William Lewis, Sophia Hirsch-
baum, Carolina Foreman and Fannie Hess, a
native of Boston, Mass.T aged 72 years 4
months and 2S days.
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from Zion A. M. E.
Church, Stockton street, between Clay and
i Sacramento. Interment Laurel • Hill Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of the California
Undertaking Company, 405 Powell street, near
Post.
HOOLE— In Pacific Grove. May 13, 1900. Ed-
ward, beloved husband of Mary E.. and father
-oi George Hoole. aged "7 years an,d 11 months.
JOHNSON— In this city. May 30, 1900. Helen
Jeanette,. beloved wife of George L. Johnson,
mother of George W. and Willie C. Johnson,
and sister of Mrs. O. E. Yaeger and Frank P.
Perkins,, a native of Nilts, Mich., aged 39
years.
JORDAN-In this city, May 29, 1900, Michael,
beloved husband of the. late Annie Jordan,
and beloved father or Mrs. F. Hennlg, a na-
tive of Dublin. Ireland, ased 67 years.HER GOWN FIRED
BY BLAZING OIL
The timber supply of Georgia has been
estimated by lumbermen of that State as
sufficient to last only nine years at the
present rate cf sawing— 2,GOO,<5OQ feet dally
Dramatic Club Entertains.
Trie San Francisco Dramatic Club gave
*n entertainment and dance last night at
Union -Square Hall, on Post street. A pro
gramme of" clever specialties was partici
pated in by Wolff and Murphy. Miss Ruby
Cameron, Lewis Isaacs. Lizzie Waterman
Grant. Frank H. Muller, Hazel Holton,
O. O. Schweitzer. Baby Margarite, Mrs.
B. Howell and Mrs. Jennie 13. Roregna.
Danclne followed.
We bind millions of books — we'd like to bind
yours. Mj-sell-Rolllnf. 12 Clay. ':¦ • f- : •
Death, of Dr. C. S. "Haley.
Dr. Charles S. Haley, the •well-known
physician and manager of Healds" Busi
ness Coilege. passed away at his residence.
104 Kearny street, last Monday. He was
C7 years old at the time .of his death. He
leaves a wife and seven children. The
latter .ire: Mrs. E. E. Hall. Mrs. J. E.
Morehouse, Mrs. William A. Jenkins, Mrs.
i"Willlam C. E!Jfnirhouse and Willard G. S..
'John T. and Clarence E. Haley. Funeral
jsc-rvices will be held to-day at 2 o'clock at
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery'. The body
will be incinerated.
Ladies Find
In Came'IIne an absolute preventive and
Tdlef from the effects of tan, eunburn and
poison oak. Indispensable for the moun
tains and seashore. Refreshing, effective
and harmless. At all druggists. •
rought and Went to Jail.
Joseph Ccnnolly and George Willis vis
ited Meehan's saloon, at the corner of Six
teenth and Church streets, last night, and
¦while i here indulged ln several "bootlegs"
cf amber liquid. The effect of the stim
tilant brought out all the pugnacious qual
ities of the men and they started a fight-
In the fracas Meehan's windows were
broken and Connolly's Up was cut. Both
men were yanked off to Captain Glllen's
hoppitable lodging-house on Seventeenth
street. After being charged with battery
and malicious mischief Ccnnolly was tak
en to the City and Coynty Hospital, where
lie ijad six stitches put in his upper lip.
Notice to Passengers. ¦
Round-trip transfer tickets on sale at
«ny of our offlees. One trunk (round trip),
Ou cents. Morton Special Delivery, 40S
Taylor street, £.d Market street, Oakland
lerry depot. •
TELLS THE POLICE SHE
WAS ROBBED IN STREET
Story by Wife cf Prominent Chinese
Merchant About Loss of
Jewels.
A Chinese -xoir.an named Gorn Vee, the
•wife of Sung Kee. a prominent merchant.
at ilO Washington street, claims that she
t3s rcblx-d cf $290 worth of jewelry in
Jones alley, between Washington and
Jackson streets, last evening:.
The woman says she had Just left her
home and was walking through the alley
to Jackson Ftrect. when she was attacked
by a gang of boys. One of her assailants
grabbed the jewviry out of her' hand and
then the youngsters made their escape.
The woman pursued them and caused the
arrest cf two boys some distance from the
scene, but the latter were proved innocent
and released.
Gom Yee stated that she carried the
jewelry in a package in her hand. Amonjr
the things lost were several bracelets and
some rings. She was taken to the office
of the Chief of Police by Officer Silver,
where the told her story.
HAWAIIAN QUEEN
DECIDES TO SUE
FOR CROWN LANDS
Deposed Ruler of Islands to
Seek the Courts for
Redre3s.
Colonel 1'Iacf arlane Says Liliuoka
lani Has Determined to Take Last
Sesort tc Force Restora
tion cf Property.
Quprn Llliuckalaci, the last of the
Hawaiian dynasty, has decidf-d to bring:
«?uit cgalnpt the t.*r.itcd S;ates Govern
ment for the restoration of her rriwn
lands and her revenues. After waiting
patiently through the long- pensions of
Congress the Qu^n f«el« fhe has iriven
the administration an opportunity to make
just Ftttlemer.t. and that, this being de
rled her. 5he ha<* but one course left — to
fight for her rizhtP.
Colonel G. \V. Maffarlnne. confidential
advisor cf Queen Liliuokalani and cham
!>erli.in to the «at«- Kircjr. when seen at the
California Hoed last night had the fol
lowing to Fr.y about the deposed mon
"a.rch'6 contcmiilatt d action:
"1 returned yesterday irom the Kast on
the overland train for a few hours' con
ference with the Queen, and advised her
to consult Mr. .Joseph O. Carter, her pri
vate agent, before bringing: suit. A syndi
,<nt<? was formed !a?t winter, which of
fered to employ the best attorneys in 'the
Inited fitater. to press; her claims, find
.briefs and other papers for her ease have
been prepared.
"There is nothing to- prevent her as-
Eigxirg her claim to the crown lands to
¦whoever she rnay pleape. and the case
mav be tried in foreign courts; but. in
any event, i: is likely that action will be
ihsrought before the. r.ext session of*Ccn-
: gre*s Is called.
"She 5s a b.ave. proud woman, and I
cimired her pluck when she refused last
Winter to be perisicrjfd. She told Senator
Forakcr that l|»« idea was very distast
•ful to her. and that sh; v.-ou'.d consider it
»b?r.cath her dignity to accept a pension,
ias tsjie 44d not come before ih? countrv
'a? a pauper and did not feel that ehe had
t-vcr rendered any service.? to this Govern
ment that wouid entitle her to a pension.
• It is ray opinion that the Queen is Flowly
dyir.fc of a broken heart, and if this should
be her unhappy coding I feel th.it the
treatmer.t of her by this Government will
be a blot on the fair name of the Ln.»ted
fctates." - ,
With army officers Jesse Moore "AA" whis
key Is a very popular drink. '
THAT San Francisco is not averse to
paying for a good show, the receipts
at the Columbia box office amply tes
tify. There is not a seat in the
house to bo had for "When We Were
Twenty-one," played by Maxine Elliott
and Nat Goodwin. This sparkling and
tender comedy of Haddon . Chambers is
possibly the most artistic play presented
here this season. The staging and inter
pretation leave absolutely nothing to be
desired. "When We Were Twenty-one"
will be the Columbia bill for next week
also. *
At the California Mr. James Neill and
nis talented company of players present a
varied programme for the week. This
afternoon by special request an extra
matinee will be given at which "Captain
Lettarblair" will be presented. To
night "A Bachelor's Romance" will be
played and •"Captain Swift" will be given
on Friday and baturday nights and ai the
Saturday matinee, which will be the fare
well performances of this admirable com
pany. Next week Dunne & Ryley's "all
star cast" with Hoyt's "A Rag Baby"
will open at the California. Tnis com
pany will play all of Hoyt's . standard
tarces during their season of ten weeks.
Among the performers are Mary Marble,
Bessie Tannahill, Lizzie Kirwan, Marion
Gunning, Maude Courtenay, Philip H. Ry
ley, Tony Hart, John W. Dunne, Matthews
and Bulger, Wiseman's Serenaders, an
excellent male quaret; the eight Mascots
and the "pony ballet," the success of
••The Man ln the Moon" in New York last
¦season.
"The Three Guardsmen" at the Tivoli is
nightly iilling the house. The sabot
dance, with Ferris Hartman as a tow
haired flshermalden, is irresistibly funny,
and there Is an educated donkey in the
cast which arouses much merriment. The
singing by Frances Graham of "So Pure,
So Sweet, So Fair" Is much admired. "The
Geisha" and other popular operas are in
course of preparation and Edwin Stevens,
who has returned to the city, will appear
shortly upon the boards at this house.
Clyde Fitch's domestic comedy, "A Su
pernous Husband," is the Alcazar pro
gramme for the week. Florence Roberts'
"Sapho" will be the attraction next week.
The Orpheum presents an especially at
tractive programme this week. Miss Lil
lian Burkhart's refined and altogether
satisfactory performance continues to give
much pleasure. Her dainty humor and
keen appreciation incite the hope that
some day she may lay hands on a play
which will allow full scope for her capa
bilities. Ezra Kendall, in the third week
of his engagement, still commands a
hearty Interest and the rest of the bill is
all variously good. ¦ .
The Lambardi Opera Quartet and SIgnor
Abramoff. appear in acts from' "Lucia"
and "The Huguenots" at Fischer's this
week. These clever Italians pack the
house nightly and. some of the best music
to be heard In the city is given here. Miss
Sandolin and her English songs are an In
teresting feature of «he performance
Rice's extravaganza "U92" is proving
the'hit of the present season at the Grand
Opera-house. - It will be performed for
the last time Sunday evening, after which
the theater will close to reopen Sunday
afternoon, June 10. with a much lauded
Eastern company in the New York farce
comedy "The Girl from Chile."
The Chutes and Zoo continue to attract
a . lar^ e Last nl *ht Hall Adali.
the-Turklsh champion wrestler took a
turn with Duncan McMillan. Tho ama
teurs and an Interesting vaudeville show
are on to-night.
_The OlympTa presents as a novelty
Harry Holmes und his wonderful dog
Dar.dy also^Mabel le Clalr. Alice Ray
mond. Mile. Thelma, in "poses plastiques
extraordinaire," and the usual sitandbys.
Managers EUlnghouse and Mott an
nounce that the popular Alharnbra
Theater will reopen Sunday night, June 3.
and that upon that occasion the favorite
Frawley company will begin a season of
six weeks there. . During this period an
entire new lot of plays will be produced by
a much stronger company than Frawley
has had for some time.
* ••¦.*¦
John Drew and his company are booked
for - appearance at the • Macdonough
Theater. Oakland, for one ' night, Satur
day. June 2, and the same production of
Haddon' Chambers' comedy of tempera
ment. "The Tyranny of Tears." which de
lighted local theatergoers, will be offered
intact at the Oakland playhouse, under
the management ' of Gottlob, Marx & Co.
MIDWEEK NOTES
OF THE THEATERS
the Department of the East. Having
completed the duty they shall be assigned
to, they have orders to proceed to Camp
Columbia. Quemados, Cuba, on official
business pertaining to the medical depart
ment. .
A board of medical officers has been
appointed to meet- at Quemados, Cuba,
for the purpose of pursuing scientific in
vestigations of the Infectious dieases that
prevail on the island. The officers or.
board are: Major Walter Reed, surgeon;
Acting Assistant Surgeon James Carroll.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Aristldes Agra
monte. Acting Assistant Surgeon Jesse W.
Lazear.
ARMr INTELLIGENCE.
J? .. IEUTENANT COLONEL WEBB C.
HAYES, Thirty-first Infantry, who
II -. has been' relieved from duty ln tho
Philippines, has been ordered to
¦proceed, upon his arrival in San Fran
cisco, to - his home in Cleveland, Ohio,
where he will be honorably discharged
from the service.. •
First Lieutenant Hollls C. Clark, Twen
ty-fifth Infantry, has been ordered to re
port to the examining board appointed to
meet at the Presidio to be examined for
promotion. Major Philip F. Harvey, sur
geon, has been detailed as a member of
the board, vice Captain James M. Ken
nedy, assistant surgeon, who has been re
lieved. First Lieutenant Eugene T. Wil
son, Third 'Artillery; Second Lieutenant
William Forse. . Third Artillery, and Sec
ond Lieutenant Walter S. Volkmar,
Fourth, Artillery, have also been ordered
before the board.
Major Bradner D. Slaughter, additional
paymaster, U.S. V., having returned
from leave of absence, has been ordered
to relieve Major James B. Houston, ad
ditional' -paymaster, U. S. V., from his
temporary duty 1 at St. Louis. Major
Houston, wllL proceed to Dorchester,
Mass., and revert to status of leave of
absence.
Major John M. K. Davis, First Artil
lery, and Lieutenant Brooke Payne. Fifth
Artillery, have been detailed on the, ex
amining board at Governors Island, vice
Major George A. Cornish, Fifteenth* In
fantry, and First Lieutenant Charles E.
Crain, Fifteenth Infantry. Lieutenant
Payne will act- as recorder of the board.
The following officers have been ordered
before the board for examination for pro
motion: ¦
First Lieutenant Luclen G. Berry,
Seventh Artillery; Captain Constantine
Chase, Fourth Artillery; Captain Frank
Thorp, Fifth Artillery; Captain William
P. Van Ness, First Artillery; First Lieu
tenant Richmond P. Davis, Second Artil
lery; First Lieutenant Wirt Robinson,
Fourth Artillery; First Lieutenant George
F. Landers. Fourth Artillery; First .Lieu
tenant" George W. Gatcheli, Fifth Artil
lery; First .Lieutenant Oscar I. Straub,
Fifth' Artillery;; First Lieutenant Alfred
M. Hunter, Fourth Artillery; First Lieu
tenant Edmund M. Blake, Fourth . Artil
lery; First Lieutenant Wllmot E. Ellis,
Fourth Artillery; Second Lieutenant Mar
cellus G. Spinks, Fifth Artillery; SeconJ
Lieutenant Henry L. Newbold, Seventh
Artillery; Second Lieutenant Edward H.
Martin, Fifth Artillery; Second Lieuten
ant Malcolm Young, Second Artillery;
Second i Lieutenant Harry L. Steele,
Seventh Artillery; Second Lieutenant
James B. Mitchell, Fourth Artillery; Sec
ond Lieutenant Joseph B. Douglas, Fifth
Artillery; Second Lieutenant Harrison
Hall, Fifth- Artillery; Second Lieutenant
John R. Proctor Jr.. Fifth Artillery; Sec
ond Lieutenant Peter C. Htrfns- Jr.,
Seventh Artillery. .
A new board of examination to meet In
Manila has been appointed. It is com
posed of the following officers: Brigadier
General Robert H. Hall, 17. S. V. (colonel).
Fourth Infantry; Colonel Aaron S. Dag
gett, Fourteenth Infantry; Colonel Win
lam S. McCaskcy, Twentieth Infantry:
Major William P. Vose, Sixth Artillery;
Major Abner H. Merrill, Third Artillery;
Major Edward B. Moseley, surgeon; Ma
jor- William P. Kendall, surgeon, U. a.
V. (captain, assistant surgeon. U. S. A.);
Major iienry P. Birmingham, surgeon,
Captain James A. Irons, Twentieth In
fantry, recorder. '-'
The leave of absence on surgeons cer
tificate granted to Second Lieutenant
Horace P. Hobbs, Seventeenth Infantry,
has been extended four months.
The following board of examination has
been appointed to meet at Fort Monroe
Va.: Colonel Francis L. Guenther, Fourth
Artillery; Lieutenant Colonel Robert M.
O'Reilly, deputy surgeon general ; Major
James M. Lancaster, Fourth Artillery;
Major E. Van Arsdale Andruss, fourth
Artillery; First Lieutenant Leigh A Ful
ler assistant surgeon; Captain \\ lllougn
by Walke, Second Artillery, recorder.-
The following officers have been ordered
before the board for examination: cap
tain Henry W. Hubbell. First Artillery:
Captain William F. Stewart. Fourth Ar
tillery; Captain Peter Leary Jr.. fourth
\rtiliery; First Lieutenant Uustave w. b.
Stevens, Sixth Artillery (captain United
States Volunteer Signal Corps);
Lieutenant Herman C. Schumtn, faecond
Artillery; First Lieutenant John L,. Hay
den. First Artillery; First Lieutenant John
T Martin First Artillery; Second Lieuten
ant William E. Cole, First Artillery; Sec
ond Lieutenant Jacob C. Johnson, fourth
Artillery; Second Lieutenant Albert O.
Jenkins, First Artillery; Second Lieuten
ant Laurence C. Brown, Second Artillery;
Second Lieutenant William F. Stewart Jr.,
The leave of absence granted Captain
William C. Wren. Seventeenth Infantry,
has been extended one month. The leave
granted Major Stephen Groesbeck. Judge
advocate, has been extended fifteen days.
Major William S. 1-Atten. quartermas
ter - has- been ordered to/ proceed from
Washington to New York on official busl-
Ma'jor Thomas E. Evlns, surgeon Forty
ninth Infantry, has been discharged from
the volunteer service for the good of the
service, upon tender of his unconditional
resignation. . •
The leave granted Captain George H.
Patten, Fourteenth Infantry, has been ex
tended two months. The leave granted
Second Lieutenant John Oliver, Twenty
seventh Infantry, has been extended one
month. . . ' ¦ ' ¦
- Leave of absence for four months has
been granted to Major John C. Scantling.
Second Artillery. • •
The leave of absence granted Major
Henry H. Adams, Eighteenth Infantry,
has been extended two months. j
First Lieutenant James M. Love, PIfth
Infantry, has been transferred from Com
pany II to Company E of that regiment.
Second Lieutenant Thomas M. Knox,
Twenty-seventh Infantry, 'now on sick
leave has been ordered to proceed upon
the expiration of his leave from Wash
ington to Columbus Barracks, O., to con
duct recruits from that post to the Pre-
Fir'st Lieutenant John Crotty,' Fortieth,
has-been ordered to Hot Springs, Ark.*
for medical treatment. He is now ln San
Francisco, having recently returned from
the islands. —
Major Walter Reed, surgeon, and Act
ing Assistant Surgeon James Carroll, now
In New York, have been ordered to report
for duty to the commanding general of
$2 50 ladies' shoes for $1 50 a "pair, at the
Beehive ; Shoe * : Company. i717 :¦ Market st.*
Unknown Victim "of . Gas Dies.
The unknown 'man who was "found last
Tuesday night partly asphyxiated In a
lodging-house at , 95 : Steuart street died at
the Harbor, Receiving Hospital early yes
terday .morning, and :the. body; was re
moved to • the Morgue. .
The dead^man was apparently between
25 and 35 years old, 5 fee;8 inches tall and
weighed ' about : 1G5 ¦ pounds. ¦ The , hair was
black and inclined to ' curl above the fore
head; complexion dark. 1 eyes - dark gray
mustache small and dark brown and
curled up at the, ends. T,he coat and vest
worn by the deceased were of dark gray
checked cloth, and the pantalpons of light
gray v cloth' with red stripe running
through ' it. • : ; ' ¦
YOUNG woman's life may be the
Jl cost of a fire .that occurred In the
jj \rear of the dwelling at 1900 Mission
street yesterday afternoon shortly
before 5 o'clock. Miss Emily Peres, who,
with her parents, occupies the dwelling,
was probably fatally burned. , Charles
Keeslng. .who was unintentionally the
cause Of the young woman being burned
and whose subsequent prompt action
Eaved her from being - roasted to death
before the eyes of the startled onlookers,
was also painfully . burned on the hands
and arms and the agony occasioned by his
hurts completely prostrated him for sev
eral hours. • '
Just how the fire that resulted so se
riously started is not known. Shortly be
fore 6 o'clock a young man ran Into the
store at the corner of Fifteenth and Mis
sion streets where Keesing is employed,
and shouted that the flat overhead was
ablaze. Keesing ran to. the rear and up
the back stairs. Just as he reached the
scene of the fire Miss Peres ran. into the
yard. Keeslng caught up • a can of oil,
around which the lire was beginning to
lick Its way, and- hurled it through the
door. It exploded In midair and the blaz
ing contents completely enveloped Miss
Peres.. • -
With a scream of terror the young nro-
man rushed through the rear door of the
store and toward the street. Keeslng
turned from the fire -and^'hurrled to her
assistance. Just as she 'reached the side
walk her limbs cave way and she sank to
the sidewalk. Her clothing was ln flames
from bust to ankles, but Keeslng grasped
her, and carrying her. to -a water trough
near the curb, completely Immersed her,
thus extinguishing the flames that en
veloped her. He then, with the assistance
of a bystander, carried her to the flat
above, the- rear of which was still burn-
Ing. . ¦ ¦.¦¦¦-¦•¦..- ¦:..-•.
An alarm was sounded and ¦ when the
streams were finally playing on the flames
Keesing turned his attention to his, own
Injuries. By this time they, had become
so painful that the patrol wagon was
summoned and the Injured man was taken
to the Receiving. Hospital. There his
burns were dressed and under the-influ
ence of a sedative he rested; at the hos
pital for several hours and was then sent
to his. home,. 790 Ellis street.',- . .
As soon as the flames were extinguished
-at the Peres • home Dr. Alderman was
¦summoned from the Railroad -Hospital' to
care for the young woman. She had re
gained her consciousness - a few minutes
after the accident and her suffering was
Intense. Her condition Is critical. .The
damage to the. dwelling is not great, but
for a time the flames threatened to de
stroy It and adjoining properties. :;
Kees ng- and tha Girl Who May Die From Hep Burns
smallpox aboard,' one of those afflicted
with this disease being the quartermaster,
another is a stowaway and the third is an
indigent American, who .was being re
turned to his native land by the Govern
ment. ¦ • -
The most . Interest v aroused by the
Meade's arrival of course centers about
General Otis, who is on his way to Wash
ington burdened with portentous mat
ters for the cbnsideratlon of the Presi
dent, before whom he is to appear as soon
as 'he can reach him. General Otis Is in
good health, according to 'reports from
the ship last night. His one paramount
desire at present Is to get East in a
hurry. Unjess some special dispensation
is made permitting him to land he will not
commence his" overland Journey very
soon. Special efforts will be made to get
him ashore without long delay.
There are forty-nine cabin passengers on
the Meade and 134 in the steerage. She
carries. 112 dead bodies. There was one
death on the way over.
Federal Quarantine Officer Klnyoun
stated last night that he did not know
how long the Meade would be in quaran
tine, nor when General Otis would land.
General Otis returns to America for a
much-needed rest after nearly two years'
absence on probably the most arduous
and trying duty that fell to the lot of any
officer engaged in the Spanish or Phil
ippine wars. At ¦ the outbreak of the
Spanish-American war General Otis, then
a brigadier was acting as president of tho
court-martial engaged in the trial of Cap
tain Oberlin M. Carter, at Savannah, Ga.
On May 2S, 1898, he was 'commissioned ma
jor general of volunteers and assigned to
duty as commander of the Department of
the Pacific. On July 23 he sailed from San
Francisco for Manila with reinforcements
for General Merrltt, and when that offlcar
was ordered home in September following
General Otis succeeded : him . as com
mander-in-chief of the American forces
in the Philippines and Governor General
of the islands. In that capacity he had
control of the very delicate relations with
Acutnaldo and his people, which were fin
ally ruptured on- February 4 of last. year
by the Filipino attack on the Americans
at Manila. The war which was then be
gun, and has continued' ever, since, was
directed generally and in detail by Gen
eral Otis from Manila, .where he resided
in the palace of the late Spanish Governor
Generaly while at>the same time he was
perfecting and inaugurating a system of
civil government for such parts of the isl
ands as -came under .American control.
That the work was done to the satisfac
tion of the President, and his Cabinet Is
shown by the fact ; that he was kept at
his post until his health forced him to ask
for.leave of absence:
. ; General Otis is a little over 62 years of
age, having been born; March 25, 1S38, at
Frederick, Md.; He studied and practiced
law for two years "when 'he entered th<3
army" as captain of the One Hundred and
Fortieth New York Volunteers, Septem
ber 13, 18C2, He served : through the cam
paigns of the Army of the Potomac with
distinction, winning brevet; brigadier gen
eralship.'and later being: made lieutenant
colonel of - the Twenty-second United
States Infantry.. He served in the cam
paigns against Sitting Bull and was large
ly Instrumental Mn bringing that chief to
terms. On March ! 31, < 1880, he ,. was 'made
colonel - of the Twentieth Infantry, and
November 23, 1S93." commissioned brigadier
general aver the heads of several officers
of much longer standing ln the service.
Major General Elwell S. Otis.
THE United States army transport
Meade, in command of Captain Wil
son, and bearing among other pas
sengers Major General Elwell S. Otis,
formerly commander-in-chief of the United
States troops in the Philippines and also
Governor General of those islands, mado
her way into San Francisco Bay last even-
ing and Is now ln quarantine off Angel
Island, where she may remain for some
days. The big transport was sighted
a t bout 7 o'clock and made port- shortly
afterward. She Is twenty-five days from
Manila and eighteen days from Nagasaki.
There Is a serious condition of affairs
on the Meade. She has three cases of
Will Go East at Once— Ship Has Three Smallpox Cases
, Aboard and Has Been Ordered Into
MAJOR GENERAL OTIS COMES
ON TH E TR A NSPORT M E ADE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUESDAY, MAY 31, 1900,
12
3-Day Specials !
IflUKSDAY, FRIDAY, SATDgPAf.
Our guarantee for
highest quality goes
with every article.
RANCH EGGS, doz. ....... .I7ic
The very choicest. <
IDEAL BREAKFAST MUSH, p &. 25c
A delicious breakfast food; -
excels all others; cooks quick.
Resularly 3 for 23c.
CLARET, gallon 35c
An excellent old table wine.
Rezularly 50c.
PRUNES, Ib ..........5c
California French: srood sized,
plum? and delicious.
Regularly 3 lbs. for 23c.
0 K WHISKEY, bot 75c, 3bots$2
Gallon $300
Finest quality of thla
well-known brand.
Regularly II and U.
MUSHROOMS, tin 25c
F. Le Court. Paris.
Regularly 30c.
TABLE APRlUOTS, 2 £l b 2 tins 25c
Rerularly 20c a tin.
Our summer catalogue just
out — free for the asking.
COUNTRY OBDERS GIVEN PROXPr ATTENTION.
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
(Old number 21 Stockton »t->
TELEPHONE MAIN US.
You ought to see (
How Itlany
Beautiful Premiums
We Gl-ve
With Teat,
with Coffees,
¦witu Spices.
veith Extracts.
Wltb Soda.
With Baklne Powder.
Great Amoicaa Iisurffiig Tfl. : Cot
* MONEY-SAVING STORES.
119-212 Grant Av«. (Bet. Su««rand VottX
861 Market St. tvpp. trowmuj.
140 Sixth St. ~t_. at
STiS Haves St. . *is Tnira az.
MM Pott St. • «1 Montgomery At*
2516 Mission St. 705 La'"" «. . j
SCC6 Sixteenth St. l^^J^I 0 ' *
lit Ninth St- • <75 Halent St.
JC« Flllmor. St. MUslon St. "
8* Market St. *T32 Mta St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1C53 Washington St. B« E. Itth St.
1237 Broadway. 11*5 Ha Av«.
1510 Seventh St. 1353 Park St.. Alameda.
OILIOIL!
FRANGO-CALIFDRNIAN
OIL COMPANY'S LANDS,
. LOS ANGKLOS.' '.
Get Prospectus and Investigate.
Shares Selling 25c — ioa-i«e«abrc
San Francisco Office.
MERCANTILE L1BRART BCTLDDTO;
Corner Golden Gate and Van Ness.
Los Aneeles Office. ?
143 and 117 North Main Street.
Sale's.
Hale's.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A MOTHER'S STORY.
TeUs About Her Daughter's illness
and. How She -was Relieved—
Two Letters to Mrs. Pinkham.
. "Mrs. PiXKHAik :— I write to tell yon
about 'my daughter. She is nineteen
years old and is flowing ; all 'the time,
£<&£% and has been for about
¦ W' icS * nr ® e xnon^ n s . The doc-
•S^jT; tor does her but very
¦J^f little good, if any. I
\^5^^^? want 3'our advice
before beginning its
/use. I ha-ve become
;^MMg^> very much alarmed
about her, as she is
PB§j|piS|Bffi Camp, Manchester
fra||P^^8fuS ham: — It affords me
•^» lMS^i$^ Rreat pleasiire to tell
¦ ' r^~-^!*. y° u °f ne benefit my
daughter, has received from the use of
Lydia E. . Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound. ,, After beginning 1 the use of
your, medicine she began to mend
rapidly and; is now. able to be at her
•work. Her- menses are regular and
almost painless. I feel very thankful
to you and expect to always keep your
Vegetable Compound in my house. It
is the best medicine I ever knew. You
have my permission to publish this
letter if you wish; it may be the means
of doing others good."— Mus^ MATrLDA.
A. CAmp/ Manchester Mill, Macon, Ga.,
Scptember.18, 1899. . ' . • ;
| PAINLESS i
I DENTISTRY !
H i Evenlac» until 9. Sunday* all ?
a '<"•*, , *«¦- . • '
H 7 Kull Set of Teeth, pain- i
ft " lesa extraction* rree-.lM.On up .
El ? Oold CrcTTDB, 22-k...-...$3JiOup J
H »' Teeth Without Plates Our t j
H « Specialty. We tfve cas. . •
I "VAN VROOM/'
tOOi MARKET,
SIXTH and MARKET.
"nothing succeeds like success." the successful .selling of Tuesday 1 1
. has inspired greater effort to fill up the hole in this week's sales due j |
to our being closed all of yesterday. Therefore we shall offer to 1 - IB
day all over the house unparalleled values.. E w
¦ drapery opportunities fancy veilings ||
& £ $t) fi?P^1 J ust 150 ° yards and this time Q ||
&'j|L Wfa.f* 2* ¦ lnch wtde lt>s an over * *<si^3H\€^\ 1 1
WV^X Japanese gold stocked Jobber ?^^a^w^T^ if
*&wWlfl&Q$!k tinseled drapery who sought •^ ! %w<^^S^fiy 1 1
•^K^lrlr U ln a d ° z e n cash rellcf of C^^2^iS^ 1 1
¦ «£><? I n'sr s — equally Inch black silk it I
PQ/t I I f-J^,< 1 adapted for an fancy mesh \f-A>^. 3 t
jf] I I vS^S i n e x p e n sive veilings in J&^oV ft H
V I I ucliL drape or screen plain silk che- *3fcJ-^ a "
/ L . ) }jyl\ covering. the nllle and em- ? H / a r J
A. v.( / Hr^y regular 10c broldered dotj; S l % O 11
| j :—v> J, >/!£ value, to-day while they last Q \?,
\^n_> <-u~i- gQ y ar( 3 7%c yard yrt
about S00 yards 27 and 32 Inch madras. In wide checks, plaids arfd 5 H
stripes. It's odd lines of lZ\ic goods offered special to close at ~ f-1
i the millinery sale successfully inaugurated 1 1
Monday continues with increased favor; loversVt
of fine millinery should not miss it 1 \\
headgear happenings the H. B. kid glove II
children's colored or white shaker . . " ,_ v ! §H
bonnets— this season's correct made by. one or the best French H H
styles '....23c each factories especially for Hale"s III
I infants' fine white lawn caps, prop- ffiK^^riblfitS^d^rfEf 8 -!; 1 ?" 1 I §
erly made, daintily trimmed, two aualk'ies^toual In liS I ct flttln * I H
ladies' plain pink and blue cham- In
bray sun bonnets— fast colors, there are some special rood thfn«r« fl ffl
laundered, ready to wear-a regu- in trimming remnants offered to- 1 ( 1
lar 7oc. quality, for... 50c each day. w fill
; we shall move to our new store about September 1st I y
Present premises are therefora to rent for occupancy after I B
that time. Apply to G. H. Umbsen & Co. ft jg