No Official News From Pretoria,
but • Londoners Believe the
Boer Capital Has Been
I Cx kx v~y I I *«''- " ''
JOHANNESBURG OCCUPPIED BY
THE INVADING BRITISH TROOPS
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JUNE 1, 1900.
PRICE YIV& CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXyiH— NO. 1.
The San Francisco Call.
LONDON. May 31.— The Daily Mail saya
it has received cable dispatches this af
ternon from Pretoria completely confirm
ing Lord Rosslyn's dfapatch of yesterday
announcing the Imminent fall ot thm capi
tal of the Transvaal.
ROSSLYITS STOBY CONFIBMED.
Murders of Christians.
LONDON, June 1.— The Peking corre
spondent of the Time3. telegraphing
Wednesday, says :
"The damage to the railroad Is estimated
at £30,000. The Government supports
rather than condemns the Boxers. Not
one has been arrested yet. No foreigner
has been seriously Injured, though mur
ders of native" Christians are reported
daily from the country."
Count Casslnl. the Russian Embassador.
who is leaving the United States for a
visit to Europe, and called to say good-by
to Secretary Hay, is decidedly of the
opinion that much unwarranted anxiety
has been excited as to the action of the
Boxers. He feel3 confident that there la
little dancer to the life and property ot
foreigners in China to be expected from
the present uprising. There are, of course,
he admits, always disorderly elements In
a great city like Peking quick to take
advantage of any excitement, so that It
was probably wise precaution on the part
of foreign Ministers resident In the capital
to call for guards for their respective, le-'
gations, the presence of these small but
splendid organizations having a whole
some effect upon the would-be turbulent
elements In Peking.
Mr. Xabeshlma, Charge of the Japanese
legation, who also was among Secretary
Hay's callers, -was likewise disposed to
minimize the dancer of the Boxer upris
ing. He pointed out that at all times In
Chinese history the secret societies are
fomenting trouble, and the present dis
turbance, growing out of the operations of
the Boxers, was not. he said, nearly so
formidable as the preceding ones.
which has been done before by them, the
marines can cover it in about three days,
unless their march is opposed.
Diplomats Are Interested.
The Chinese Minister, Wu Tins Fang,
called at the State Department at an
early hour to-day to talk with Secretary
Hay. He had no Information from hl3
own Government as to the critical situa
tion in China and was anxious for news.
Resident representatives of nearly all
nations represented in the Chinese situa
tion were among Secretary Hay's callers
to-day; but. as In the case of the Chinese
Minister, none of them had received any
Information from hl3 own Government
bearing upon the situation.
Admiral Kempff Reports.
WASHINGTON, May 31.— The following
cablegram has been received at the Navy
Department from the senior squadron
commander. Admiral Kempff:
"TUNGKU, May 30.— One hundred men
landed and went to Tientsin yesterday.
Fifty of these go to Peking to-day. Other
nations also landed men. KEMPFF."
Although Admiral Kempff "s cablegram
Is dated yesterday, the Navy Department
officials are confident that the American
marines have cone forward to Peking,
even though the Russian forces may have
been detained at Tientsin by the technical
opposition of the Chinese authorities. The
very "• smallness of the force which the
admiral Is sending at Minister Conger's
request would. It Is felt, facilitate its ad
mission to the . Chinese capital, for It
could not be regarded by the Chinese Gov
ernment as a menace to Chinese integrity.
The admiral's dispatch indicates, that he
has not been able to take the flagship
Newark up the Pelho River beyond the
Taku forts, just above the entrance. From
that point to Tientsin, which stands at
the head of light-draught navigation and
is the terminus nearest the sea of the rail
road to Peking, is a distance of about
thirty-five or forty miles. It is said at
the Navy Department that the American
marines were probably towed In • small
beats by "the Newark's launches up the
river to this rayroad connection. From
Tientsin to Peking by rail is a distance of
seventy. miles, a three-hour Journey, ac
cording to Chinese schedules.
If obliged to make the distance on foot.
Tsingtau has orders to act In conjunction
with the naval authorities of the other
powers as circumstances may require.
The landing of men at Taku to go to Pe
king was "ordered. The "report from the
United States that 20,000 Russians are ad
vancing to help the Chinese Is baseless.
No power is sustaining China. We know
that Russia will not separate herself from
the others."
A cable arrived to-day, fgrom Tsingtau
saying that the German cruiser Kalserln
Augusta, having taken on board. an addi
tional officer and fifty marines, sailed for
Taku, the German gunboat Iltls following.
. German naval officials, it is understood,
consider It Important to land large forces
In China, as despite the recent disap
proval of the Boxers by the Peking Gov
ernment the present small contingents are
Insufficient to awe the insurgents. In this
matter, however, the Foreign Office does
not agree with the Naval Department.
LONDON, June 1.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Dally Mail says: "The
German Government takes a serious view
of the situation in China, The powers are
resolved . on armed intervention."
LONDON. May 31.— A: dispatch from
Germiston. a suburb of -Johannesburg,
says several hundred Boers have sought
GRENADIERS CORNER
J30ERS IN A MINE
Another correspondent, telegraphing
frcrn Germiston the same day, says: "I
learn that the Boers arc massing six miles
south, of Pretoria for a new and des
'perato stand, with a front of twelve
miles."'
Other rumors In the, camp of Lord Rob
erts are that President Kruger Is 111 at
Lydenhurg, and that the ammunition of
the Boers Is running short. M. ¦ H. Dono
hue, the correspondent . of the Dally
Chronicle, was captured .yesterday.
their riflemen through the town In the
afternoon. We captured nine engines and
over, a hundred wagons. 0 Two trains are
leaving to-r.Ight for the Vaal. We suc
ceeded In cutting the line In three direc
tions and Imprisoning all the rolling stock
in Johannesburg. It was a splendid piece
of work. The onenay were astounded at
the rabidity of our advance.":
CAUSE OF THE DELAY
IN TAKING JOHANNESBURG
LONDON, May 31.-The T^ar. Offlce has
rtcei%ed the following dispatch from' Lord
P.oberts, under date of Germiston,"? May
30:. ' . : . . ¦. ¦:-¦¦¦ ¦ ;
"•* "In answer to a flag of : truce.I sent to
GERMISTON. Transvaal, May 30, 3:30
p. m.— Johannesburg Is practically In.
British possession. The mines are un
injured. • Nine engines, a coal train and a
great Quantity of rolling stock were cap
tured. The: remnants of ; the Boer, guard
remained and fought ; in the streets of
Germiston. but they were 'easily cleared
by the grenadiers. The troops have not
yet occupied Johannesburg. General
French is now at Elands Laajrte. The
Guards hold Effandsfontein and Germiston.
The state entry Into Johannesburg will
take place to-morrow. The Boers have
gona to Pretoria. The railroad from here
to ths Vaal River Is uninjured.
refuge in a mine, where the British grena
diers have cornered them and barred all
escape.
BOER ENVOYS SAY ROBERTS
MY YET RUN INTO A TRAP
BOSTON, May 31.— Messrs. Fischer. Wessels and Wolmarans. the Boer en
voys, were received at the City Hall here tc-day by Mayor Hart 'and sub- 1
sequently called at the State House. The Mayor alluded to the day's news
from South Africa, and hoped that the adversity sustained by the Boers
might be for the best. Mr. Fischer responded, affirming that all he and" his
compatriots wished for was justice. The envoys- did not seem greatly .depressed ¦
by the news from Johannesburg and Preto'ria. Chairman Fischer, whenever op
portunity gave, did not fail to reiterate the statement that the war is by no
means ended. • .
"Have you noticed," he asked a reporter, "that the English forces have not
captured a single piece of artillery or any considerable munitions of war from
us since our men have heen executing their retreat? This material has not as
cended into the air. nor has it gone up in Lord Roberts' balloons, and the Eng
lish will find It out to their sorrow, I am afraid. Our grins, supplies, etc., have
been taken along with our troops, and they will yet be used effectively, if I
am not greatly mlstaken. ; The fact that President Kruger has retreated to "Wa
tervalboven and that this is declared the capital; of our government shows that
our people are still determined to win their Independence. Our capital Is where ¦
our President chooses to move It. The fact that Lord Roberts annexed the.
Orange Free State the other day means nothing." The United States could annex
Canada by proclamation, but Bomethlng more effective would have to follow to
make It a fact."
Mr. Fischer added the statement that" President Kruger would not surrender
while there was a bullock cart and sixteen oxen in the Transvaal to transport
him from place to place.
Mr. Wessels expressed much the same opinion as Mr. , Fischer, but he said
that, he looked upon the late news from South Africa with some suspicion. He
said that if President Kruger had been going to surrender he would have re
mained in the city, while the Boers would not have carried away their guns
and ammunition if they had Intended to capitulate. Roberts, he sa!d, may. yet
ran into a nice trap.
Fought B=ar Guard Action.
Mr. I'rovost In a dlr;>atch to th«* Morn-
Inc Pcki from Germ! si on, dated May 30,
Bays:
"The enemy fought a rear guard action,
retlrlr.jj from the qouth.to th? north of
the to«-n -txrith thcJr pompoms and artlt-
Icry in the taamir.s and v.-lthdrawine
Fighting Since Sunday.
Bennett Burleigh, writing to the Daily
Telegraph from ElanuVfonteln Tuesday
"Much rolling stock and seven engines*
fcavo been captured by Lord Roberta"
column. The principal losses in the tight
ing have been sustained by -the mounted
infantry, but thf casualties are trifling.
O**r.er?l Krr-nch and <JoncraI Hamilton
were encaged to the west of Johannes
burg.
"Fir.re Sundsy the western columns
have bo«-ti Sghtintr, but although kuiis
¦v/pre used, the actions wore nev«r serious.
In fact, they were only bin flclrmishea.
The Borri5 are retreating to Pretoria."
Boer Government Shifted.
The present seat of the Boer Govern
ment, according to a dispatch from Lour
enzo Marques dated yesterday, is Middles
burg, but it v.-ill probably be shifted far
th The C lfoArs lately confronting Lord Rob
erts appear to have gone toward the
Lydenbur* region. The . d efend< .rs of
Lalngs Nek, when their position becomes
too pfTillous, will probably trek straight
northward toward Lydcnburg. W htn
this concentration takes place there will
possibly be 20*00 men. who may hold out
for a time, with scattered bands of gueril
las elsewhere. The press dispatches from
the headquarters of Lord Roberts give no
estimate as to the number of Boers who
were fighting General French and General
Ian Hamilton Monday and Tuesday, but
they all agree that the Boers retired and
that the IJritish casualties were slight.
At noon yesterday, according to the dispatches, the British commander made his entry into Jo
hannesburg 1 in full state. The above picture from the Sphere shows a similar, ceremony at "Bloemfonteih.
LONEON, May 31. — The following dispatch from Lord Koberts has, been received at the "War
Office here:
"JOHAN1TESBTJB.G, May 31, 2 p. m. — Her Majesty's forces are new in possession of Johannes
burs and the British flag floats ever the Government buildings."
LONDON. Jure 1. 3:"^> a. m.—Be
lated messages from Pretoria con
firm the reports of t*w departure of
President Kru^cr with his Cabinet
and staff officials Tuesday night
and the selection at a meetirg of dtisens
of a committee to administer the city pro
vislonaliv. Since these telegrama '.eft en
\Vedne--dav morning nothing apparently
has reached Lourenzo Marques by tele
-raph from Pretoria. Possibly tho wires
have been cut. Possibly the Boer censor
ship at some intermediate point Intercepts
telegrams.
Although the War Office has not re
c-ived a word about it. no one in London
hlroors the idea that the Boer capital is
not already In the hands of the British
or about to be. The possession of Jo
hannesburg, at all event?, as Lord Rob
erts has telegraphed, is a fact. State. ,
Attorney Smuts did not depart with Presi-
ScntTrWr. but remained at Pretoria. ;
LORD ROBERTS' TRIUMPHAL MARCH.
FOREIGN TROOPS MAY BE OPPOSED
AT THE FIRST GATE OF PEKING
/ J »IEN TSIN. May 31,— A special train started for Peking this afternoon with
I ' the following forces: Americans, 7 officers and 56 men; British, 3 officers
il ! and 72 men; Italian, 3 officers and S3 men; French, 3 officers and 72 men;
I | Russian, 4 officers and 71 men: Japanese, 2 officers and 24 men. The for
', eign contingent also took with them five quick-firing guns.
, • It is rumored that foreign troops will be opposed at • the first gate of the
Chinese capital, outside the wall.
As the Russians were nearing the forts yesterday in boats the Chinese
opened fire and the Russians retreated. It now appears that the Chinese were only
firing a gun salute in honor of a mandarin who was on board a Chinese war
ship.
PEEKING, May 31.— At 2:30 a. m. to-day the foreign envoys received the
reply of the Tsung-H-Yamen to their ultimatum of yesterday, calling upon the
"Chinese authorities to consent to the landing of a force of marines to come to
-Peking to guard the legations. The ultimotum fixed 6 a. m. to-day as the hour
-at or before which the reply must be forthcoming.
The Tsung-li-Yamen agreed to withdraw opposition to the corning of the
guards.
BERLIN. May 21.— The latest news
from -China has given rise to much
anxiety here. An official of the
Foreign Offlce made a statement in
regard to the matter to-day as fol
lows: "The German naval commander at
V> Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900. by the Herald Publishing Company.
,r,l HONGKONG, May 31. — For the first time in years a large steamer has been attacked on the
Yangtse River, near Chiiigkihg by pirates. An American captain named Flag» drove them oft. The
'¦^attack^took' place at the junction of the great_ canal from Tientsin. " ] This indicates that the. "Boxer"
'unuvyjjemerjt on Psking is spreading ' south, 1 "but. v «flectiv^ people realize 'that there is no danger -for the
because the "Boxars" are not armed.. The only danger is to .property and isolated foreigners
in'the interior. The whole movement will collapse with, thslfirst efforts" to suppress it. f .^_ ¦ .
PEIHO RIVER, CHINA, WHERE MARINES HAVE JUST LANDED.
While Foreign Troops Are Being
Rushed to Pekincf It Is Rumored.
China VVill Oppose Them
at the Capital.
INTERNATIONAL COMPLICATIONS
MAY FOLLOW "BOXER" TROUBLE
CAPE TOWN. May 31.— General Rundle
has defeated a Boer commando at Sene-'
kal.. His casualties were foriy-fjve killed
and many wounded. ¦ -¦ ¦
BUNDLE DEFEATS BOERS.
"Hamilton is now in the Florida, duo
west of Johannesburg, and, French Is a
few miles further to the northeast. The
Gordons, the \ cavalry, the . mounted Inf
fantry and the Seventh Division are holdi
Ing the heights of the' towhy" Th*>^Elev
enth Dlvisionr wlth'Katterles.H.'and Garni
th« • h$a r ryl artillery,-, tun-, j>mU»--»,f Johari-
nesburg. •. • •> p*
, "Hamilton * speaks * in"* high-.- terms of
praise of the manner • In which Bruce
Hamilton and Colonel Spens of the Shrop
shire; Light Infantry handled their men,
"under Smlth-Dorrlen's direction."
. "The right waa led by the Gordons, 1 who';
after capturing one extremity of the ridge'
wheeled around and worked along it until
after dark, clearing it of the enemy, who'
fought most, obstinately. The One Hun
dred and Fourth led on the other flank
and would not be deniea. The chief share
in the action, as in the casualties, fell to
the Gordons, whose gallant advance ex
cited the admiration of all. • • ; HJ&?>
"The brunt of the flght'ng yesterday fell
upon Ian Hamilton's column: I have sent
him, as 'already mentioned, to work
around to' the west of Johannesburg,^ in :
support of French's cavalry; - which was;
directed to-go north near the road leading,
to ;: Pretoria. I have ; not heard from'
French yet, but Hamilton, in a report"
which 'has just reached me. states, that',
at about 1 o'clock in th« afternoon he
found his way blocked by the enemyi
strongly posted on some kopjes and ridges:
three miles south' of the Rand. They had'
two heavy guns and several Held guns and
pompoms. Hamilton forthwith attacked.'.
LONDON, May 31 —The War Office. has
received from Lord". Roberts a dispatch
dated Germiston, May. £0, 0 p. m., saying:
HAMILTON'S COLUMN V
HAS HEAVY FIGHTING:
Pretoria has been confirmed. \:
General Huhdle defsats ¦'*£¦¦¦
Boer Commando at Senekal,
the British casualties bein g
forty-five killed " and "many
wounded. - 7* i
.-¦-... :-':>' '¦':¦' ' ', s ¦¦: i.
Johannesburg this morning the command
ant came to ree me. He begged, me to de-'
fer_ entering the town ¦ for /.twenty-four
hours, as there, were many armed "burgh
ers still Inside. I agreed to this as I. am
most anxious to avert the possibility: of
anything llko disturbance lnslde.the town,
and as bodies' -'"of the, enemy are still hold-
Ing thehiils.in: the immediate neighbor
hood from* which they .will !have to /be
cleared off beforehand. ) , ; • 'V .
, "Rundle reports, that . <he attacked a
large party of Boers near tsenekal on May
2S. He saidhis casualties were not heavy:'
"Brabant reports that on May 28 two. of
his patrols; consisting of, two officers' and'
forty men; were cut off by the enemy and.
taken prisoners." - "_ "»' .'•'";: ' "/"-¦'''
, Lord ; Roberts reports that
the British" troops 'are' in po's- ;
session of Johannesburg.
In London' it s is rumored
that President , Kruger has !
been captured near Pretoria,'
but the British "War Office has : ;
not received any information'
on the subject. '."^"'i.
Lord BosslynVdispatch an- :
nouncing the imminent fall of .
SOUTH AFRICAN WAR
NEWS BRIEFLY TOLD
Chinese 'Rebels in Junks Passing the Yang-tse Gorges, Near
Ichang; Szechuen Province.
It is here that the American sailors, with those from other foreign war vessels, who were landed
for the protection of the legations in Feking, have been stopped by order of tha Viceroy of Pechili.activity of the health authorities means
nothing of the sort. It simply means
that the people of San Francisco,
through their officials, have awakened
to the startling fact that they have a
plague spot in their midst and that it
must be .removed whatever the cost
may be.
The quarantine was maintained yes
terday far more rigorously than it was
the day before. The detail of police
was doubled and no one was permitted
to enter the district and leave it with
out . submitting to inoculation. The
health inspectors are' conducting a thor
ough investigation and removing tons
of refuse and filth, which will be burned.
A gigantic sulphur fumigator is being
used in the district in a house-to-house
inspection. It is the purpose of the au
thorities to establish a detention hos
pital on Mission Rock for all persons
who may be found in infected houses,
and it may be that if another case of
the" disease is found the infected struc
tures will be destroyed. United States
Census Marshals will be allowed to en
ter the district, but they must first sub
mit to inoculation.
The local Health Board held a meet
ing yesterday and discussed the vitally
important matter of providing food for
the people in the district. Nothing defi
nite was done, as the question must be
submitted to the Board of Supervisors.
SISTER STATES HAVE
NO REASON FOR FEAR
Dr. Shrady Declares That Plague Is
Practically Not Here, but China
town Is a Grave Menace.
Copyrljtht. 1?00. by the H?ra!<5 Publishing
Company.
N3 llv«ne case of plague yet seen in
San Francisco. From my point of
view, being a mere visitor here^this
condition of things is somewhat dif
ficult to explain. In this state of mini the
the truth is searched for, the better for
the truth. There is no disposition,. so far
as I can see, either on tne part of tho
federal or the local health authorities, to
dispute the right of any' competent'medi
cal gentleman expressing his opinion upon
the situation or the significance of the
revelations from the- specimens.
Now, as to the autopsy proper, it Is well
to say in a general- way that nothing spe
cially significant of plague was discovered
in the gross appearances of the organs
removed. Awaiting further developments
I shall report later.
.From what I had heard of the.opposi
tion of Chinese to the post-mortem exam
inations, it was hardly a surprising fjLct
to me that an objection was made on the
part of the father. The Chinese are very
superstitious in regard to mutilation of
the body and look upon It as a desecra
tion. One Chinaman informed me that it
was a bar to the future happiness of the
soul. ... . ...
San .--, Francisco Is . very r -. much con
cerned about the quarantine question, and
well she might-be. At best it is a difficult
problem to tackle. The are
most particularly anxious on the question,
as it. is easy to see that millions of. dol
lars are involved in its proper and prac
tical settlement. Texas has already quar
antined against San Francisco. In con
versing with Dr. Blunt, the health officer
of that commonwealth who came here
to look after the interests of his State, I
learned that the mere report of the prev
alence of plague in this city was enough
to. influence him to this radical/and, far
reaching measure. The fear on the part
of the people of San Francisco is that
other States, actuated: by like and what
appear to me -to be senseless fears, may.
also follow suit. The fact is every pre
caution has been taken at this end of the
line to guard against any; possible spread
of the disease. It might also be sald^that
the plague is not here. Where Is it? It
is only: the fact that the authorities here
are. straining a- point to be'on the right
side, and I can testify, to the; fact that so
far as the control of the flisease is con
cerned it is perfect here. There Is no
cause for alarm tin the part* of outsiders.
Chinatown is quarantined and that quar
antine is. for all practical purposes per
fect. The house-to-house inspection is be
ing- . conducted by . a large • corps of . sani
tary Inspectors, the r sewers are being
flushed." houses fumigated and altogether
the whole matter. is as' weirin hand from
a sanitary point of view; as 'could reason
ably be desired. ¦; : .'.'.¦ r
"Every -member of the Health Board' is
sufficiently alive .to the necessity of clean
ing up • Chinatown. -, There has not been
made the first objection' to such a' move
Another story is to the effect that the
Chinamen are in the habit of burying
their dead beneath their houses and in the
various subterranean passages ; but this.
I am quite sure, is without any foundation
whatever, for reasons which will after
ward be stated. Certain it is that the in
habitants of Chinatown are afraid of the
white doctor, and especially are they in
terror of the members of the Health
Board. The Chinese physician is uned
ucated, irresponsible, and has no license to
practice; but in the vast hiajority of cases
this individual is almost universally em
ployed by his people.' These native medi
cine men are not 'obliged >by , any special
ordinance to report .suspicious cases to- the
health authorities and are certainly not
willing to do so. of their own. accord, for
obvious reasons. This partly explains the
fact that the first notice to the authori
ties of a suspicious case is ordinarih* em
phasized by asking permission to bury the
body. Then the Health Board takes \ the
matter in charge. It was in this way that
Dr. Wilson, the assistant city ¦ physician,
discovered the cases already reported.
Now it appears to be the intention of
the Health Board to make an autopsy on
every body discovered. This does not en
tail any extraordinary, labor, -for I am in
formed that the mortality in Chinatown
is very low, in fact. Dr. Wilson informed
me the other day that there was only. an
average of about two deaths a day". This,
considering the population; is a very low
rate of mortality. In ' accordance with
this intention named there was ~ an' au
topsy made, on a child this morning by
Dr. Kellogg. Drs. Whitehousc. Kinyoun.
Wilson, myself and several other medical
men were present'. The child apparently
died without any definite diagnosis having
been made before death. The illness was
of a few day*' duration, the little patient
having been under the care of a Chinese
female physician until seen by an Ameri
can physician,. who was" in the employ of
the Six Companies, just ; before death.'
This autopsy was made in the Morgue In
the Chinese district. - After a long period
of waiting, word came thafthe father de
clined to have the body, removed from
the house to the Morgue and so vehement
were his expressions of disapproval that
at one time it" was- thought requisite to
.use ¦ compulsion by the . police, but the
medical attendant of the patient referred
to succeeded in .reconciling the differ
ences, and the body was duly -produced
without any necessity -for calling out an
extra force, for such purpose.:
The ¦ glands 'from the . groin had " been
already, removed by the attending physi
cian, for .the purpose of subsequent exam
ination. I may state in passing that there
is a great deal of- apparent opposition«to
the methods of procedure of the Health-
Board on the part of the different Chin
ese societies, each of which appears. to be
represented by a medical adviser, but
from a scientific point of. view the more
people in San Francisco very generally
share. They say if the plague is here why
is not a real live example of it shown to
us? One plausible reason for this condi
tion of. affairs is offered in the peculiar
habits of secrecy of the Chinese regarding
sickness and death among thoir numbers.
There Is a suspicion with some people
with whom I have conversed that cases
which might have occurred in the interim
between May 15 and yesterday have been
concealed and that there may be a reg
ular train of successive cases which have
not been regularly .reported. I hardly
think there is any foundation for this con
jecture, in view of the reasonably thor
ough house-to-house Inspection which has
been enforced by the Health Board.
Continued on Page Eight
on the part of any one of the citizens,
even of those who are loth to believe that
there is. any. necessity for so doing, merely
on account of the so-called plague situa
tion. The universal verdict is that China
town must be cleaned up. plague or no
plague... It seems to me that the recent
developments connected with the plague
scare have almcst been warranted in view
of the fact which now promises such a
desirable accomplishment in a district of
the city liable to breed disease at any
time. . ", ... , \ .
I think I have in -some descriptions of
tours in this district made it plain that
Chinatown is so notoriously filthy that al
most any superlative coukl fit such a con
dition. In different sections it has.differ
ent degrees of comparison in the down
grade of appalling dlsgustfulness. The
more you see of it'the more- you are im
pressed with the fact. The "heathen
Chinee" plays his game with dirt, and he
has not only afull hand.but carries his
traditional .extra - card In .his sleeve. He
washes for the Christian's because he is
willing to minister, td their' foolish whims.
In 'this way he fosters- his own personal
indifference to cleanliness in his. own
hovel.. The. worst of all is that he believes
he has an unquestioned prerogative in this
direction, and . stupidly ,and passively re
sists all missionary efforts to the contrary.
His person may appear clean enough, but
one would npt wish to run the risk of tak
ing pot luck with him in-his own quarters.
I Considering all things, it is a great won
der that plague ,or any other infectious
disease .has not swept Chinatown long ago
with a tidal wave of, the most awful mor
tality. All' things being equal it is not
unlikely that there may be a repetition of
recent unpleasant experiences. It is yet
a serious question ¦whether or not we have
heard of tho last case from the recent in
vasion. 'Thrse are certainly serious con
siderations for San Francisco and for all
those who are directly' or indirectly con
nected with its vast mercantile and mari
time interests. • She has In her very mklst
the v most 1 threatening of all contributing
elements of plague propagation in the in
vitingly-filthy- condition of her Chinese
quarter. In this latter .: place, if the
plague should get a firm foothold, it will
find its natural : soil for • the most wide
spread and : - awful; dissemination. The
lesson of the hour seems to be that no
Eossi'ole chances in : any direction should
e. taken that:it get any* foothold what
ever. As in case of the latter the plague
or any other infectious disease .is liable
to . spread • everywhere ; . like a progressive
firennding its available fuel.
The. people. of .San Francisco no doubt
thoroughly * appreciate ' the - condition of
things and appear to be very much in
Six Companies Petition Health Board
and the Supervisors Are Re
quested to Take Action.
THE Board of Health met late yester
day afternoon to consider a com
munication which it had receive-1
earlier in the day from tljo attor
neys representing the Chinese Six Com
panies. The communication contained »
specific request that some action be taken
to provide the necessities of life for thoso
who are imprisoned by reason of the
quarantine established around the Chlnesa
quarter. The text ol the communication
follows:
To the Honorable Board of Health. Sin
Franet.«eo. Cal.: Inasmuch as It is maintained
by you ihat bubonic plague exists in certain
portions of San Francisco commonly calle.I
Chinatown, and acting upon thut assumption
you have quarantined the emir* district, ws
br« leave to call your attention to the fact
that nothinx haa been done to prevent th<»
spread of the disease In the district or «moti;
the people confined therein: arai If it be a fact
that plague does exist in certain houses In that
district we insist that those houses be quaran
tined from the remainder of the d >s trlet . *«>»
that houses in which people cla :rv»d to ha\e
been affected with plague have died a be ,^ l9ln 
fected: that stringent and dristlc measures tw
taken toward Improving *£ ¦£*2S i £2!52g
or the entire district and that the entire a' 3 "" '
b3 disinfected with such disinfecta a" « °"£
be deemed proper and effective to render the
sanitary conditions rood. «_,i- ( , »,„ nr Apr
The district now under S;L^* n *£ e %7blocks
confinement within that ""f^'XZ b'
¦MAOITIRE & OAI-L.AOHL.IC,
ROBERT FEHRAU
JOHN BENNETT.
...i,, Afatniirft addressed the board and
«aW that o*uW considerations of human
fty food should be provided for those who
were prisoners in the quarantined section.
••The burden of caring for these poor
unfortunates should fall on the city for
whose benefit the quarantine is maintain
ed "Lid J" (1 * e Magulre. "The autnort
tios should do something for those who
have been deprived of the means of earn
ing their livelihood."
Attorney Bennett argued that the people
micht starve unless some measures were
taken. He stated that there were ample
authorities to show that the city waa
responsible ¦ for the sustenance of the
quarantined people. He cited a case or
a citizen in Allentown, Penn.. whose housa
had been quarantined because one of his
family had become afflicted with an in
fectious disease. The roan put in a claim,
for the food consumed by hi3 family dur- '
SUSTENANCE ASKED FOR
QUARANTINED CHINESE
Alleys
the Chinese
Quarter
Jhaf j7re
mYQW
Undergoing
Official
inspection
and
fumigation.
THE so-called plague situation in
this city has greatly simplified it
self and if there was the slightest
fear that San Francisco was. to become
the sufferer of an epidemic of the dread
disease the apprehension has passed
away. By common consent officials
local, State and Federal— declare that
there is now not the slightest danger to
the people of the city or State. Dr.
George F. Shrady, who was induced to
come to the city at the instance of the
Xew York Herald and The Call, de
clares that it is almost safe to say that
the plague is not here. He urges, in
his fourth day's report, which is pub
lished this morning, that there is not
the remotest occasion for other cities
and States to fear San Francisco or to
construe from the vigorous measures
which are now being taken to cleanse
Chinatown that the authorities believe
that the plague is here or is threatening
the city with its reappearance.
Dr. Shrady is still in close communi
cation with the different health officials
und will remain so until his investiga
tion is ever. He congratulates the au
thorities upon the energy they have dis
played in quarantining Chinatown and
in displaying a desire to cleanse the filth
spot as effectively as possible. The
famous expert declares that the Chinese
quarter is filthy to a degree almost baf
fiing description, and that as long as it
remains it will exist as a menace of the
most serious character to the people of
the city.
He suggests the most radical meas
cres to remove the dangers existing in
'.he district, and says that if Chinatown
is permitted to remain as it is it will
be for San Francisco a blight and a
disgrace which inevitably will harm the
city.
In his report Dr. Shrady asks other
States not to look .upon the rigid quar
antining of Chinatown as an admission
that the plague is in San Francisco. The
In my different tours through the dark.
reeking subterranean passages of China
town I could not help wishing that our
own Board of Health of Xew York could
hapdle the situation for just one week.
I confess a commendable pride as a citizen
of New York in our own Health Depart
ment, that Is only equal to that of the
Fire Department, to which I referred yes
terday. I am confident in the first place
that if such a board had full sway in this
city the conditions as at present existing
would be absolutely impossible, and if
they were found to exist there would be
such an army of inspectors, such a house
to-house visitation as would astonish the
most stolid and impassive Chinaman. I
do not say this as any reflection against
or upon the Board of Health of San Fran
cisco, but cannot help wishing that the
.New York board was here for just one
week: and then what would the citizens of
New York do under similar circumstances
as those prevailing in this city? Some of
the citizens said: "Well, It is impossible "
I have answered if you had our board
here they would show you whether It was
or not. It Is only a question of means.
The end Is sure: but the citizens of San
Francisco are thoroughly appreciating
this fact, and I think we can afford to wait
and see. San Francisco has never been
waked up before on sanitary questions
as she Is now. and there are earnest men
here that aro backing a movement for
reform which may astonish every one who
is awaiting results. So I think it is per
fectly warranted on the part of all con
cerned, here and elsewhere, to say that
the real situation Is not by any means so
bad as it might otherwise be.
It might interest the many readers of
the Herald and The Call to know that
condensed reports of theso special letter*
on the situation are being telegraphed
back across the continent to several of
the leading local papers. In one instance,
in apparent violation of the copyright, the
first letter almost in its entirety was re
produced here simultaneously with Us
publication in New York and In The Call,
having undoubtedly been- obtained from
an early copy of the Eastern paper. .This
will give the Herald's and Call's readers
an Idea of the appreciation by other news
papers of the enterprise of the Herald
and. The Call. Copious abstracts of the
reports are also reproduced In the Chin
ese publication that makes its appearance
daily In Chinatown. In proof of this I
was sent r copy of this Oriental sheet this
morning duly marked. I looked wise as
I held it In my hand, but the Celestial who
brought it to me politely but quickly Im
parted the information that I was read
ing it upside down, at which I decided to
defer until later an exploration of its
hieroglyphlcal contents.
THE GREAT LESSON OF THE HOUR
NO living case of plague yet seen in San Francisco. From
my point of view, being a mere visitor here, this con
dition of things is somewhat difficult to explain. In
this state of mind the people in San Francisco very
generally share. They say, if the plague is here, why is not
a real live example of it shown to us? San Francisco is
very much concerned about the quarantine question and well
she might be. The merchants are most particularly anxious
on the question, as it is easy to see that millions of dollars
are involved in its proper and practical settlement.
Texas has already quarantined against San Francisco.
The fear on the part of the people of San Francisco is that
other States, actuated by like and what appears to me to be
senseless fears, may also follow suit. The fact is every
precaution has been taken at this end of the line to guard
against any possible spread of the disease. It might almost
be said that plague is not here. Where is it? It is only the
fact that the authorities here are straining a point to be on
the right side, and I can testify to the fact that so far as
the control of the disease is concerned it is perfect here.
There is no cause for alarm on the part of outsiders. China
town is quarantined, and that quarantine is for* all practical
purposes perfect.
The universal verdict is that Chinatown must' be,
cleaned up, plague or no plague. I think I have in some de
scriptions of tours in this district made it so plain that
Chinatown is so notoriously filthy that almost any superla
tive could fit such a condition. Considering all things, it is a
great wonder that plague or any other infectious dis
ease has not swept Chinatown long ago with a tidal wave
of awful mortality. It is yet a serious question whether or
not we have heard of the last case from the recent invasion.
These are certainly serious considerations for San
Francisco and for all those who are directly or indirectly
connected with its vast mercantile and maritime interests.
She has" in her very midst the most threatening of ail con
tributing elements of plague propagation in the invitingly
filthy condition of her Chinese quarter. In this latter place,
if the plague should get a firm foothold, it will find its nat
ural soil for the most widespread and awful dissemination.
•The lesson of the hour seems to be that no possible chances
in any direction should be taken that it get" any foothold
whatever. I am confident from what I know of the dispo
sition on the part of the leading citizens here that it-.will be
all right in time if only a little patience is exercised and sis
ter States are willing to await the events of the next few
days. San Francisco has never been waked up before on
sanitary questions as she is now, and there are earnest
men here that are backing a movement for reform which
may astonish every one who is awaiting results. — Excerpt
from fourth day's report of Dr. George F. Shrady.
earnest in resorting to any and every
measure that may promise a solution of
this very serious problem. It does not
need reports from toner sections to en
force this deep-rootc-d and earnest convic
tion. There is really more anxiety in
this direction on the part of the citizens
to make this whole matter right than
would be believed unless seen and known.
I am so thoroughly convinced of this that
it seems necessary to ask those outside of
San Francisco to suspend judgment. I
am confident from what I know of the dis
position on the part of the leading citizens
here that it will all be right in time if
only a little patience is exercised and
sister States are willing to await the
events of the next few days. It seems
hardly necessary to elaborate the idea
concerning the absolutely filthy condition
of the district, but the good citizens of
New York have no idea of unsanitary con
ditions of the worst dwellings of New
York as compared with the better ones of
Chinatown.
Dr. George F. Shrady Declares That Chinatown Can
Be Permitted to Remain in Its Present Filthy
Condition Only as a Menace of the Most Dan
gerous Character to San Francisco.
A Most Rigid Quarantine
Being Maintained While
Health Officials Cleanse
the Chinese Quarter of
Its Refuse.
DANGER OF PLAGUE HAS PASSED AND VIGILANCE
WILL INSURE COMPLETE SAFETY TO THE CITY
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY^ JUNE 1, 1900.
2Ray (R.) of New York charged Sulzer
with' declaiming against trusts and bo
ing at the same time "a member of Tam
many-Hall, which is running. the New
York ice trust." •
arose out of a speech made by Sulzer (D.)
of New York against trusts. Sulzer
charged that the Republicans were try-
Ing to deceive the people with a pre
tense of legislation against trusts. "If t
had been running this side of the House."
said he, addressing the other side, "I
should have joined with you in 1 passing
this resolution. It would then have gone
to the Senate, where your trust Senators
would have buried it as they ; buried the
resolution we sent them for amendment
to elect Senators by direct vote of the
whole people."
"It 13 so bad," he added, "that no
Democrat goes to the polls because he
knows his .vote will not be counted."
This statement drew the fire of Driggs
(D.).of New York, who countered on
Mahon by charging that Philadelphia was
the "rottenest andT most - corrupt city In
the United. States."
"seems to be a prominent Democratic
official, of New York." .
One of the footpads then deliberately shot
him in the back of the neck and mounting
the officer's wheel disappeared with hia
pal. No arrests have been made.
WASHINGTON. May 21.— The House to
day under a special order adopted, after
an* exceedingly hot debate in which the
leaders on both Fides charged each other
with playing to the political galleries, en
tered upon the consideration of the reso
lution reported from the Judiciary Com
mittee proposing a constitutional amend
ment to lodge in Congress the power to
define, regulate, control, prohibit or dis
solve trusts, monopolies or combinations.
Cnder the terms of the order to-day,
with a night session to-night, was de
voted to debate and to-morrow at 5 o'clock
the vote is to be taken* with no oppor
tunity to amend. Saturday is to be de
voted to amending the Sherman anti-trust
; aw The Democrats charged that the
proposed constitutional amendment was
objectionable in even' way. that it was a
m^re political pretext; that it was unnec
essary and was proposed at the end of the
session for election purposes in the com
ing campaign. The Republicans repudi
ated the charge of bad faith.
ft, constitutional amendment requires a
SET t&TSiWtiB SK-a**?
li L. r v fr%«' the debate Richardson, the min
cri y c'Sder%aid: "The Democratic natty
l/cliives in** evil* of trusts should be
Sacked and we would even vote for a
constitutional amendment if <"}e .were
necessary; but the proposed constitutional
amendment will not serve the purpose. It
will have an cx-ctly opposite effect. It
will wike from the States the power to
legislate iijrainst trusts. I hope tnat every
gentleman in thl* hall. 1 ' he concluded,
"who loves law and order will stand w th
us in ihr. effort to vote do'.vn this resolu
tion." <I><mocra tic applause.)
Orasrenor of Ohio followed Rlcnarcson.
"Why do v.-e not allow amendments to be
offered?" he said. "Our justification is a
perfect one. This is a proposition of the
majority. We will ho he-id responsible.
The opposition will not share the burden.
if burden it be. liefore the next session
of Congress the people will have ample
time to pass upon it. This is a radical ac
tion. I wai inclined to criticize It when
the Democratic leader. Mr. Bryan. RUg
pested it in Chicago. 1 criticized it as un
democratic. Since that time- Mr. Uryan
has remained rilent. but wo are now here
submitting it to you. You can Hther ap
provr it or go on record against It." (Re
publican applause.)
P.aHey of Texas replied to Grosvenor.
"Th" gentleman from Ohio." he said,
"asked the Ho'jw and tho country to In
d"rse this refusal to permit amendment.
In doing: fo." said Mr. Bailey, "his parti
san zoal BBUft blind his usually clear in
tellect. Dealing with a great and com
paratively new issue, fairness demands
that the minority should not only be al
ioved but should be invited to offer their 1
Solely for Political
Say That the Proposed Amendment
Is Unnecessary and Introduced
Democratic Members Boldly
Charge of Breach
of Faith.
HOUSE DEBATE
ON REGULATION
OF MONOPOLIES
plan for the suppression of the great evil.
Charge of Bad Faith.
"You have no real purpose to dissolve
or destroy trusts," said he, addressing the
Republican side. "You have been in ses
sion six months, but it is not until six
days before adjournment that you let this
question come up. No one dare s'and up
here and declare seriously on his honor
that he expects either the bill or resolu
tion to be acted upon in the Senate at this
session. This constitutional amendment
you know will never becomo part of the
constitution. It can never be ratified by
enough States. No State that believes In
thf> right of self-government will place in
Congress the power to come into a State
and control its domestic industries. The
trusts understand that they are not in the
remotest danger from this legislation. If
you would propose a simple amendment
giving Congress control of all organiza
tions engaged in interstate and foreign
commerce it would receive every vote on
this Bide of the chambrr.
"If you insist upon your amendment you
know it will never become part of the
constitution. There are two ways of en
couraging crime; one Is to close your eyes
to its existence and the other to offer an
impracticable obstacle. You are using the
latter method. You understand its pur
pose. I have sometimes doubted your
sincerity," said he In concluson. "I have
even doubted your political integrity.
Some of you may be hypocrites, some
even rascals, but none of you are fools."
Bailey's closing sentence was greeted
with prolonged Democratic applause, in
which some of the Republicans joined.
Dalzell closed the debate. No political
party and no individual, he said, had a fu
ture which was not against trusts. This
utterance was greeted with derisive Jeers
from the Democratic side. The difference
between the three political parties, he con
tinued, was that the Democratic and Pop
ullstic parties confined their opposition to
speechmaking. while the Republican party
believed in legislation. (Republican ap
plause and renewed Democratic jeers.)
Mr. Richardson attempted to offer a
"motion to recommit, but Dalzell made a
point of order against it and was sus
tained by the Speaker. The vote was
taken amid considerable excitement and
the rule was adopted. 141 to 118. It was
a strict party vote, with the exception of
Mr. Mann of Illinois, who voted with the
Democrats against the rule.
Proposition Ridiculous.
The minority amendments to the bill
were then offered and considered pend
ing, after which the debate upon the
resolution was formally opened by Ray.
chairman of the Judiciary Committee.
Ray's argument followed the lines of his
report. He said the proposition of the
minority to write into the constitution
something that was already there was
ridiculous. The power to regulate cor
porations engaged in interstate commerce
already existed. If the proposition of the
mlr.ori'ty was rot political claptrap, he !
did not know what was. The people had
felt the sting of the trust evil, he said,
and had appealed to State Legislatures {
and twenty-seven had responded. Twenty |
of them had passed effective anti-monop- '
oly legislation, but if the laws of the for- i
ty-flve States were uniform and if Con
gress passed a law In perfect harmony
with them, he argued it would still be im
possible for the States and the United
States together, without a constitutional 1
amendment, to relieve the people.: ¦" ¦
Ray was followed dv Merry of Arkan
sas on behalf of the minority. He ex
pressed regret that in so grave an issue
the Republican party had seen fit to pre
sent a constitutional amendment in so ob
jectionable a form that it could never
be Incorporated in the constitution. The
whole question, he said, had been treated
not from the broad standpoint of patriot
ism, but from the standpoint of party ex
pediency. If there was a sincere desire
to adopt a constitutional amendment.
why. he ask(»d. had the very firm section
been so worded as to make every Demo
crat who voted for it subscribe to the doe
trine that the constitution did not follow
the flag? AVhy submit such an entangling
proposition as this?
Landham of Texas occupied the re- 1
mainder of the day session in opposition
to the resolution.
At 5:05 p. 'to. the House took a recess
until -X o'clock, when the debate was re
sumed.
The chief feature of the night session
of day threwn upon them.
Full Beport Made.
Chandler called Jones' attention to the
fact that the Navy Uepanment had made
to the Senate a complete report of its
purchases of ships during the war, the
prices paid and all the lacts connected
with the transaction.
Burrows of Michigan presented several
1 documents giving the amounts allotted
bv the President out of the nfty-million
dollar emergency fund to the several de
1 partments uf the Government. They
! showed that the amount allotted to the
j Navy Department was J2y,i<73,274 and to
! the War Department >14.9t*,u00. nearly
J4.000.uOO of which had not been expended
J and would be turned back into the treas
iledge of Massachusetts said that every
1 vessel purchased by the Navy Department
had been passed upon and appraised by
a board ot naval oincers before the pur-
I chase was made.
i Jones said he was glad to have these
I facts, but thought it uesirable that every
Fusible ray of light should be shed upon
1 the expenditures of public money by pub
lic omcers. : : . ,i:
Allen of Nebraska made a speech on
what he termed the indifference of the
Senate to the cause of the Boers.
At the instance of Stewart the Senate
agreed to an amendment providing for the
settlement of the Civil War claims of the
State of Nevada against the United
States, amounting to $400,000, and appro
priating money for this purpose.
Forest Reserve Land.
Pettigrew offered an amendment provld
j ing that all lands within the boundaries
i of any forest reservation that belongs to
! or is along the grant of a railroad com-
I pany and nad not heretofore been sold in
' good faith be examined under the direc
i tlon of the Secretary of the Interior with a
1 view to determining its character and
I value and that meantime none of the land
i shall be exchanged for other land outside
: of the reservation. The amendment was
j agreed to.
Pettigrew made a vigorous attack upon
j the work of the Industrial Commission,
declaring that it was merely a political
machine and its work absolutely useless.
Mr. Chandler, replying, denied that the
commission had been influenced by par
tisan consideration.
An amendment by McBride of Oregon,
i to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
i ascertain what persons made entry of
lands within the limits of any wagon road
I or railroad grant in Oregon, was agreed to.
Daniel of Virginia offered an amendment
appropriating $200,000 for beginning the
work on the proposed memorial bridge
across the Potomac River, extending from
the Naval Observatory to the Arlington
estate. It was adopted.
The bill was then reported to the Sen
ate and the amendments were agreed to,
with the exception of that relating to the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition, to be held
in St. Louis in 1903.
Aldrich of Rhode Island proposed two
amendments to the exposition proposition,
the one providing that the appropriation
made by the Government should be dis-
I bursed under "condition's hereafter to be
I prescribed by Congress." and the other
I "that all sums expended by the Govern
j ment on account of said exposition, except
I for its own buildings and exhibits and the
i care of the same, shall be deducted from
{ any general appropriation made for said
I exposition." The amendments were ac
cepted and agreed to by the Senate.
Morgan of Alabama moved to reduce
I the amount to bo appropriated by Con
1 press from $3,000,000 to $3,000,000. Morgan
pupported the amendments in a vigorous
and caustic speech, to which Vest of
Missouri eloquently replied. The amend
ment was rejected. ,
The committee amendment was then
agreed to and as amended the bill was
passed. : — ¦
After it had been agreed to meet at 11
o'clock to-morrow and on Saturday the
Senate at 7 o'clock adojurned.
WASHINGTON. May Sl.-During a dis
cussion of the sundry civil bill in the
Senate to-day Jor.es of Arkansas made a
vigorous attack upon the administration
of the Paris Kxposition Commission by
Commissioner General Ferdinand W.
Peck. He pointed out that the law cre
ating the commission made it mandatory
upon the Commissioner General to make
a detailed report of his expenditures to
Congress. He read a message from the
President transmitting to Congress what
was termed "a detailed statement" of the
Exposition Commission's expenditure?.
The statement contained only eleven
Items, the aggregate expenditures being
5:i9.000.
Up to January I. 1900. Commissioner
General Peck had accounted for less than
$400,000 of the $1,400,000 appropriated for ex
position purposes. He demanded to know
where the balance of the appropriation
had gone. The so-called detailed state
ment contained items as 572.000 for clerk
hire. S3T2t for pcrsor.al traveling expenses
of Commissioner General, etc., which,
Jones said, were ridiculous as "details."
"It seems to me," said he warmly, "that
th'.s sort of thing should cease. These
etatements ought to be itemized, in ac
cordance with the mandate of the law."
Internal Dissension.
He then read a dispatch from Paris In
dicating that there was much dissension
among the members of the American
Commission to the exposition, some of
whom had been charged with an endeavor
to compel American exhibitors to pay for
the space allotted to them in the exposi
tion. He believed that an investigation of
the rr.atter ought to be made, in order
thut the people might have, the facts. He
then referred to a deficiency appropria
tion for the Paris Exposition that had
already been made, and inquired what
that was for. Hale in reply said that the
greater part cf it had been made for the
completion of buildings. The Committee
cn Appropriations believed that th^ sum
was necessary, although he was person
ally inclined to the opinion that the Paris
Kxposition was a bad performance.
"Who is this person Peck?" inquired
Stewart of Nevada.
"I don't know," replied Jones.
"If he Is a business man," suggested
Stewart, "there might be a suspicion of
his honesty; if not. his recklessness may
t>e attributed to ignorance."
*"\Vhat I complain of," continued Jones.
"is not that the committees of Congress
have not acted with due diligence, but
that no detailed statement of the expendi
ture of public money have been made.
The air has been full of rumors that there
have been the most extravagant and un
necessary expenditures of the fund pro
vided for the American exhibit and we all
know there never has been any satisfac
tory report as to how this money was
used."
Jcnes then said that in this connection
he desired to direct attention to the ex
penditure of the fund of $T)0,000.000 voted
by Congress to the President to be used
ai= a war emergency fund. He had. he
raid, the utmost confidence in the integ
rity of the President, but thought it was
due the public that a statement of the
disburserwpm of that fund should be
made. He referred to a story published
to-dav conrprning the purchase of a
yarht* at Buffalo. X. Y.. the charge being
rnad^ that one man had received a com
rr.'ss;?^ cf $0000 for effecting the sale of
the vessel to the Government, the price
being JSrt.OC}. The yacht now war offered
by the Gox-ernuient for £5.000. He called
attention also to other stories concerning
th«» purchase of ships by the Government,
•which he believed ought to have the light
Calls Attention to Persistent Rumors of Dis
sension and Suggests That a Thorough
Investigation Be Made.
Demands That a Statement of
Expenditures Be Made as
Required by Law.
JONES ARRAIGNS
PARIS COMMISSION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 1, 1900.
LATE SHIPPING INTEIXIGENCH
Thursday, Jlay tL
Stmr Gipsy, Lelarul. 3? hours from Monterey.
Sloop Impossible. Low. S hours frcm Point
Thursday, May 31.
Ptmr Wi!lamet*p. Hanson, Seattle.
XRRIVED
PORT LOS A.NGELES— Sailed* May 21— Stmr
Alcatraz. tor San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERrOOL-Arrlved May 31-Stmr X*w
England, from Boston, via Queenstown.
Pal!e<1 May 31— Stmr Dominion, for Montreal.
LONDON — Sailed .May 31— Stmr ilanitou, tcr
New York.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Mar 31— Stmr Spaara
darc, for Nevr York, via. Boulcgae,
FRESNO, May. 31.— Chun Gow, a Chin
ese laborer at the Maltemoro vineyard,
was asphyxiated this morning in one -of
the 1 large wine vats. He had been cau
tioned bv a countryman against entering
the vat, which had been emptied recently
and was full of gas. -The Coroner's jury
returned , a verdict of accidental death. \...
Chinese Asphyxiated.
SAN JOSE, May 31.— At the headquar
ters of the Cured Fruit' Association it is
said to-day that answers have been re
ceived from about one-third of the grow
ers to the letter sent out last week ask
ing their approval of the. modified .plan.
"They, are practically unanimous in
agreeing to the modification,'* said Secre
tary Barstow. "The percentage refusing
is *o small that it is not worth counting.
Answers are coming" In now on each
mail."
Many .Growers Sign.
Once Famous Clown Dead.
NEW YORK. May 31.— Thomas E.
Jliaco, a theatrical manager, who in his
younerer days was a famous clown. die-J
In a New York hospital to-niffht from In
juries received by falling from a stair
way In the Morton House on Tuesday
morning. He was €0 years of asre. .
ELEVEN HOUSES BURNED.
Disastrous Fire in the Chinese Quar
ter of Vacaville.
. VACAVILLE, May 31.— As the result of
NEW YORK, May 31.— Behind the ar
rest of three young men in Brooklyn, the
police believe is a revenue stamp swindle
of considerable proportions. The nv»n are
George and | Charles ¦¦ Morgan and William
Brower. They were arrested as suspicious
characters and in a furnished room which
they recently rented was found a large
number/ of canceled and uncanceled rev
enue stamps, ranging in denomination
from 10 cents to $10. The detectives as
sorted that some of the stamps had been
freed of the cancellation mark and two
bottles wpre found in the room filled "frith
a preparation for removing cancellation.
The face value of the stamps found was
Three Young Men Arrested- and
Chemicals for Removing Can
cellations Found.
SUSPECTED OF BIG
REVENUil STAMP FRAUDS
Copeland engaged in watching the
suspicious actions of a man and a woman
when the highwaymen -approached him
from the rear and covered him with re
volvers. They fhst relieved him of his re
volver and then took his watch. He had
$6 50 in his pocket, but In answer to a
query he said he had no money, and they
ordered him to march into a vacant lot.
SHOT BY A FOOTPAD.
LOS ANGELES, May 31.— Special Officer
A. R. Copeland, a private patrolman, was
held up by two men at Tenth street and
Union - avenue to-night, relieved of his
watch, revolver and bicycle and then shot
In the neck from" behind. The wound is
not considered serious. •
The loss Is estimated at about $10,000
with no insurance. The owners of the
burned dwellings are F. S. Wilson, George
Powers and John Coulter.
a fire, which started in the Chinese quar
ter about 8 o'clock to-night, eleven houses
occupied by Chinese are In ruins. When
the - alarm was given three houses on
Dobbin street were in flames and a strong
south wind was blowing. One of the three
houses was totally destroyed and the
other two slightly damaged, but the wind
changed to the north toward the creek,
and ten more houses were consumed bv
the flames before the fire was got under
control.
Finally Mahon (R.) of Pennsylvania
dipped into the discussion with the state
ment that n New York Democratic news
paper charped Mayor Van Wyck and his
brother, who ran - for Governor, with
being' large stockholders In the ice trust.
"Every scoundrel in the trust," said he,
Durlnp'the exchange between the two
New Yorkers the greatest confusion pre
vailed, and Capron of Rhode Island, who
was in the chair, was with difficulty able
to restore order.
Sulzer retorted that seven-tenths of the
stockholders in the New-York Ice trust
were machine Republicans, following up
this assertion with a bitter attack upon
Senator Plan. . .
3
*£ ' * ? I ' ' j*^4* ill A X X A VV V^ lilt » * W» fc» >— ' 1 A \r^ V X** o _^40tfK^59!rCfe*w M^^"^~''~i^*~**(^^ * *"*
1^1 J " only, but we have concluded : MM
01 to extend the sale for a while longer, 1& ' "HFI
|;- : | as we have a large stock andthe sale S\ &i& /p &s\, 1^-1
|:^| is proving to be popular. While at all i^s^ V J^ Svtf
i 5 1 times we sell clothes at prices that Jk U^y^ *Sf % M
WM are a savin S t0 customers if they .^tfSi^^ JHf%ft 168
II will but investigate, we considerthis jfg§ mK^fm^^ ' jAwi j II
gg| sale one of extreme importance to /nl|(| S^W |i IWfflKS?W^ Jof#P^ Fl
I'**-! The- suits are single and double breasted /, !| j| |J Will || j J|||l| | J S \ ' ! (!¦ §| if I i ft '! $j Mf&
|?'3 cheviots, in black and also gray and brown / | | I ! !|j| ; /( | I }M\ l%?j£ Ji\ l\ ff 0fl|?f 111] fl J %3J
jjf-.i!jg checks and mixtures, blue serges — rhose pop- /j j! I | M | !| || j |m^?^M (m ,' I'M] i sUl"®'!!! I'?!
pjv'l ular suks — in summer and heavier weights, j|| j iftj | |J J I I j P^ p|i I 'Hi! I'* r^'l
|l"f;| and clay worsteds (single-breasted only). fc j jfjf ! jfciU^-^^f 'l| l|!|| MM? ¦ §n| A% |j?j W^
|rf| Notice that there are light patterns and weights %j ppffit'! fjjS^^-^w 'iMillll' l P^ IP' PIS illi tlv
jgv[|| The overcoats comprise black and blue kerseys, \lj & j ' -^ f ' |i T ft \\ ''^ 1$^$$?!$ '¦'i * v&.V$ p.'^C^
1 f ' if with fancy plaid or farmer's satin lining; tan coverts in W ii| j| I ! *$> il ? 11 \ \ \ j 'V - 7 : ~
I y 8 summer weights; Oxford prays with velvet collars — vt F $!'!?; i ¦"' v i f fi I' % K ? ii te$^pJ
%y^ the season's latest; also cheviots in black and blue \[ ' || (j ¦ \ r \rW I I jT^ I ' ' l^a ji'i irP'I'if^n^ Is^H
i'i-i f/% BROKEN lot of all-wool tweed pants will be sold for a limited time at an |c|
p '•;•§> /^\ actual one-third saving to customers. The pants constitute eight styles of a limited time we shall sell §^|
|>-g . variously mixed striped patterns, there being about 20 patterns to each lly= boys' suits like the "picture shown IB I
iS'jl style! There is nothing among them larger than - 38 waist or smaller than 30. fcsSi iHfe&* 0 ,.,.;,-* *w «,m Ufoi-t B'^S
pi Being broken lots, although worth $ 3 00 Ind will sell them for bel ° w at K a P nce , that W f lU ' nter f t g|
ivll S°e our window Ss"7 1^ ''"•' a boy from 8 to 16 years old. Ki'l
i«l (S^PKi-rt'4^ 'Vd5?&ts mixed patterns, in the double-breasted JJ
sj;§ a on sale a :>pecial ¦ lot of shirts >^^^^?^^*^\ The coat is well lined and tne pants •£vj~v?9
$f>M made of good washable percale, in the " /^^^^^^S^. are s trongly sewed, having double knees lljStj
1,-1 /| i If i -lli spa -I i 1*4- § *^"^ P^* 1 ' l is the ch;ap?st good hat sold in' San Francisco tc- E^a^ v8&*> S^\
\\}. % I'S j 1 : l| \ q| 1 i pi 1 r\ f** da^- he colcrsar: black, brown, ceJar and p?zri SSi*''PI
ZfifJffl H ji ill i f -|^| ;||f I B SL j in the <;oft hats; rear 1 , brown and sterl blue in the j ho nrirr- nf rh<* K3*-^
$if.:ZM j jl 11 : j I .1 |l ' **"^ roujh-finishfd scratch hat*. Any of these styles lIltrpiILt- Ul 111. X^^^SIfe^^^ i^-'pl
n'*T<% Wtl '¦ 1 fa I 'll \"\ 3 Snnriiv irin tn All th: remnant pieces ot cloth irem cur tailoring CT "d TC 6^^^^^S§&T^^ K§l*Hl
ti'-'-M T^h i ! j I Pi ¦ , y V H deputmenter; made into caps. The cloth would other- 7^1 /^ k&'M
]Hm ml M|| || j ! the COUntry, Or wise be a waste. We charge only for the making. You "+ 1 | • * ** MlmtsSwS^ B-^fl
l ;i\% tjfe |, ; | r,l f ¦ '¦ ! on an outing of can s et a £OOJ s° c cap in any color for S &&Hsi
'?•* *•' -Z irated catalogue. *7^Ot fk/i «n ¦v»\s t^.4' ih »-»<=» /=*¦ 4- K^§r fcC^'^3EDWIN STEVENS, COMEDIAN,
The charge'of obtaining money, by "false
pretenses against S. L. Solomon, a Jewelry
auctioneer on' Third street, was dismissed
by Judge Mogan yesterday. . Solomon sold
a watch to Peter Conley, a laborer, for $28.
alleging that it was gold, but Conley found
that it was brass. Solomon paid Conley
the $28 in 'court and got back the brass
watch. . ... .
Took the Watch Back.
"Legislative" "Smith Sails Away.
Edward Smith, better known as "Legis
lative Smith," lr ft for Honolulu by the
steamer Australia en Wednesday. He
was arrested a few days ago for begging
in front of the Palace Hotel, and when
brought before Judge Mogan he said he
had been promised a job on the steamer
Australia and was going to Honolulu. The
Judge learned from the steward that
Smith was to work his passage, and he
was allowed to go on promising to write
Mogan ¦when he reached Honolulu. Yes
terday the Judge recel\-ed a letter from
him dated the 30th ult., saying he was
about to sail.
In the Divorce Court. *•—
Suits for divorce have been filed by Mol
lie L. Rowland against Manning Rowland
for infidelity and Mary E. Frank against
Charles A. Frank for intemperance.
Decrees of divorce were granted ln the
Superior Court yesterday to Nellie Rosa
from Earl Rosa for desertion. Leona M.
¦Wolff from Hugo ¦ "Wolff, same cause:
George A. Holland from Mary Holland,
same: Hazel C. Spier from Andrew J.
Spier, cruelty, and Lillian N. Sauret from
Marlus Sauret. same cause.
RETIRED CAPITALIST
DIES OF PNEUMONIA
Richard H. Follis, an Associate of
the Late Bonanza* King, James
Flood, Expires Suddenly.
Richard Holden Follis. prominently iden
tified with the development of California's
mining industry, passed away at his home,
2^30 Washington street, yesterday morn
ing. Death was due to pneumonia, from
which Mr. Follis had suffered but a short
time. He had. however, been falling in
health for the past three years and his
enfeebled condition hastened death.
Mr. Follis was born In Ireland and came
to New York when a youth. In that city
he married a sister of the late James
Flood, the Comstock bonanza king, and
soon after came to California. He arrived
here in 1S49 with his wife and became as
sociated with the Flood interests, retain
ing that relationship until Mr. Flood's
death. For many years he was conspicu
ous in commercial circles and his activity
In the business world was marked. Whtn
Mr. Flood died and his own strength com
menced to fail Mr. Follis retired from the
active management of many of his af
fairs, but retained his office in the Nevada
block. He was an expert in real estate
transactions and owned a vast amount of
property.
nlchard H. Follis. the oldest son of the
deceased, recently married Mary Belle
Gwfn and is now traveling in Europe with
his bride. His e'.dest daughter is the wife
of the well-known physician.Dr.de Vecchi
Another son. Dr. James Follis. is connect
ed with the Johns Hopkins Hospital in
Baltimore. Clarence and Lillian Follis are
unmarried.
Mr. Follis was 74 years of age. His
funeral will be strictly private and ar
rangements for it will be announced later.
MOST FAMOUS DOG
IN ALASKA IS DEAD
The Check Was Not Mst.
James A. Boggs/'an attorney from St.
L.ouis. was arrested yesterday by Detec
ilve Floss Whlttakfr on a charge of ob
taining money liy false pretenses. He is
accused of pafBring a check for %?A on M»re
Aujfonblick. saloon-keeper, 1047 Market
street, • drawn on a tiank in St. Ltiuis,
w'hich was forwarded for collection and
returned marked "not sufficient funds."
Bogps say? he came here to look after
some mining bus-iness and when he pave
Augenblick the chock he told him that
owing to the car strike in St. Louis there
mifrht not be sufficient funds in bank, and
Auccnblick paid he would run the chance.
His "Pull" Did Not Work.
Billy Abbott, saloon-keeper on Dupont
street, who was arrested Tuesday night
for disturbing the peace in front of Al
"White's saloon, -was convicted by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday and sentenced to pay
a f}ne of $10. When arrested he boasted
that he had a "pull" and threatened to
make it interesting for the arresting of
ficers. ']...:
Judgment for Libelants.
In the case of A. Anderson and others
against the Pacific Coast Company,
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday rendered judgment in favor of
the libelants for $6944 hi), which sum was
alleged to be due on coal freights.
Painter Quirk Killed by a Fall.
James Quirk, a painter, died yesterday
morning nt St. Mary's Hospital from in
juries received a few days ago by falling
off a scaffold while at work painting a
house in Santa Cruz. The Coroner will
hold an inque.»t.
Mamie Gaynor of Minna street, near
Seventh, who was arrested for beating her
father and was convicted by Judge Ca
banlss. appeared for sentence yesterday.
The Judge, after severely reprimanding
her. sentenced her to pay a fine of $20,
with the alternative of serving twenty
days in jail. • ; :- ',-'¦ --
She Beat Her Father.
Sam Solomon, who lives at 339 Jessie
street, fell down a flight of stairs yester
day afternoon. He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital. where it was found that
three of his ribs were broken and- that he
was suffering from the shock.
Broke Three of His Ribs.
James Crogun of St. Joseph's Home
Beaten Into Insensibility by
Another Inmate.
BRUTALLY ATTACKED
WITH A HEAVY CANE
James Crogan, an Inmate of St. Joseph's
Home. Fwor* to a, complaint yes
terday in Judge I rits's court for
the arrest of William McCarthy, another
Inmate, on the rharge of battery. Crogan
allepea that last Saturday afternoon Mc-
Carthy attacked him with a heavy cane,
knocking him down, and continued to
strike him on the head and body with the
cane, and also kicked him in the fare.
Crogan onu so ¦ertotudy injured that he
was confined to bed till yesterday, and
still shows Mjrns of the severe beating:.
. "He had n<i motive for attacking me,"
said Crogan. "I have beon in the home
for eleven years and McCarthy has been
there for about two years. 1 saw him
with a lady oa Park' Hill on Saturday,
and when 1 returned to the home I men
tioned the fart to th? lady superior, with
out meaning anything, i suppose he had
heard what 1 caSd and ihat is the only
reason I, ran imagine for his cowardly at
tack upon me."
Used Illegal Nets.
Deputy Fish Commissioner I#. N.
Kereheval returned yesterday from Chlco,
where he 1 went to appeac against the two
lifhTma whom he arrested for seining
in the Sacramento River with nets of an
illegal mosh. John McGinnis and John
Smith, the accused, were held for trial in
the Superior Court. The case against
these men for having: deer in their pos
pesplon out of season was continued for
hearing.
Bandsman Kapitz, Who Mysteriously
Disappeared, Found by Mill-
tary Authorities.
Chief of Police Sullivan yesterday re
ceived the following telegram from Brook
lyn. N. Y.:
Bandsman Henry Kapltz? Sixth Artillery, ar.
rived from Manila on the transport Thomas.
May 15, on his way to Fort Hamilton. Had
a check for $200. No word from him since his
arrival. Fear foul play. Can you ascertain
his whereabouts? Notify me Immediately.
MRS. KAPITZ.
Detective Reynolds, who was detailed to
find the missing soldier, by dint of Inquiry
learned that the bandsman arrived here
on May 17 and at once went to the office
of Colonel Rawles. where he demanded
his discharge papers.. As he was under
the influence of liquor his request was
refused. Several days later Kapitz turned
up at Omaha where he reported that he
had been robbed of the check spoken of
in. the telegram. The Omaha police have
been asked to locate him.
A MISSING SOLDIER
IS TRACED TO OMAHA
i JUDGE GEORGE H. BAHRS. |
JCDGE GEORGE H. BAHRS of the
Superior Court i^ ?latod for the of
fice of President of the National
Schuetzenbund, a position of honor
and trust in the eyes of the riflemen of
ihe T'nited States. Shortly after the local
delegates organized Robert Finking was
?lected to the position, which he accepted
with the proviso that _ he would only oc
cupy the chair, until "the Bund got into
:ood running oruer. *
ProFidor.t Finking stepped down and
out at the last meeting of the Bund two
weeks or so ago and the vice president.
Captain F. Auinjrer. took charge tem
porarily. The {iliing <•( vacancies falls
to the executive committee, which aft«-r
carefully canvassing all the names sug
gested decided to recommend Judpe
Kahrs. who said he would accept if want
ed by the Bund. He will be reconi
menfled to the Bund at the next meeting,
which takes place on the 14th inst.. and
judging from the expressions of the local
rin>mon. lie will po in with RyinR colors.
Judge Bahrs is an rnthu.siastic marks
man and can be found at nearly every
shoot of the clubs to which he belongs.
He Is never absent from a public prize
event. He stands very high in the esteem
of his fellow riflemen, and his election
ip practically assured.
At the next meeting of the Bund the
matter of target ranso is almost, certain
to be decided. The rivalry between the
partisans of Shell Mound "and Schuctzen
Park has be«>n too warm for comfort.
It is now believed by many that Shell
Mound will be selected. The managers
of both ranges have made liberal offers,
and wherever the big rifle tournament is
held in June and July, 1001, the marksmen
will have the best of accommodations.
A? soon as the range is selected the dele
gates to the Bund will get down to work
and prepare to make the tournament a
success that will surprise the visiting ri
flemen from the East.
Thomas Costello's Interference Leads
to His Arrest and Conviction
by Judge Fritz.
Thomas Costello, an ex-employe of the
Market Street Railway Company, was
riding on a car coming from Ingleside on
Wednesday, accompanied by two ladies.
When the car was going down the hill
from 'the coursing park Costello com
plained that the motorman, F. F. Sher
wood, was putting on too much speed.
He grabbed hold of the controller bar,
and, despite the statement just made by
him. turned on the full current and the
car s=ped down the hill at lightning speed.
It took three men to torf.e Costello to
release his hold of the controller bar.
Then he fell otf the car and used language
that was shocking. He was arrested for
disturbing the peace and was fined ?o
yesterday by Judge Fritz.
SHOWED A MOTORMAN
HOW TO RUN HIS CAR
Charles Hollo Peters and Theodore
Wores Establish Summer Studios
in the Old Capital.
Monterey Is again attracting the atten
tion of noted artists. Charles Rollo Peters,
who returned to California a few weeks
ago. has reopened his studio near the bay
of Monterey asi settled down to the
agreeable work of painting pictures. He
was invited by prominent Kasterners to
pitch his camp for . the summer
on the North Atlantic coast, but
he declared that California was the place
of all places for artists. The success at
tending the sale of his pictures ln the
East, representing Monterey secenes, in
clined him to renew- work in California.
Theodore Wores, who has painted pic
tures in many lands and traveled the
worM over, recently paid his llrst visit to
the. shores and surroundings of Monterey
Bay. He says there is no field on the At
lantic Coast embracing so many objects
of interest to tho artist as one will find
around Monterey. He will establish a
summer studio in the first capital of Cali
fornia. Peters and Wores are following
the example given /by Virgil "Williams.
Jules Tavernier and Julian Rix. The old
town of Monterey possessed a peculiar
charm for artists who painted pictures ln
California twenty years ago.
MONTEREY PRESENTS
CHARMS FOR ARTISTS
Under Supreme Court Decision
United States Bondholders Must
Pay on Their Coupons.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch re
coived from the Secretary of the Treasury
yesterday the full text of the United
States Supreme Court decision on the In
heritance tax, about which there has been
much difference of opinion. The following
syllabus will be of interest to the business
community :
The act of June IS. 1SSS, is declared con-
Ftitutional. The tax is not direct within the
rcear.ic* of the constitution, but. on the con-,
trary. is a duty or •>xei»e. Th* uniformity
clause cf Uw constitution relatfe only to geo
graphical uniformity.
The phrase "whole amount of Fuch personal
property a* af^resaU" relates to the sum of
each legacy or distributive chare considered
*=oparately. l>»-|raci("o not exceeding $10,000 are
not taxed. The rate of tax is progressively
increased by the amount of each eeitarate
legacy c<r tfiftributive share, and not by the
whole amount of the personal ertate of the
<!i»cea*ed from vhirh the legacies or distribu
tive shares wre derived.
The j>roj*-.Fiti.m that bonds of the United
fully taxcble uno>r an inhe.-itancp-tax law of
the United States-, because exempted by con
tract from fuch tax. . has been decided not to
be well founded in tfct» case of Murdock, ex
ecutor, vs. John G. Ward, collector.
INHERITANCE TAX
TO BE COLLECTED
BOSTONS ADVANCE.
Sean-Eaters Leave the Last Place
and Jump Two.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— • W. L. Pet. 1 Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia 22 10 .6*8 [Chicago 17 17 ..Wl
Brooklyn 19 14 .576 Boston 11 IS .379
Pittsburir 2i> IS .5»5 [Cincinnati ...12 20 .373
St. Louis 17 14 .54SIN*ew York 11 20 .355
PHILADELPHIA, May 31.— In to-day'a game
between Chicago and Philadelphia neither side
scored until the eighth Inning, when, -with two
men on bases. Orth batted a home run over the
right-field fence. Attendance, 3100. Score:
Clubs— ' -. R. H. E.
Philadelphia 3 6 0
Chicago 0 4 2
Batteries — Orth and Douglas: Taylor and
Donohue. Umpire — O'Day. :
NEW' YORK. May 31.— Doheny's wildness In
the fourth and seventh innings and a fumble
by Gieason ln the latter Inning caused the
New Torks' defeat at the hands of the Pltt»
bursrs. - Attendance, 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 4 13 3
Pittsburg 6 10 3
Batteries— Doheny and Bowerman; Grady.
Tannehill and Zlmmer. Umpire — Swartwood.
BOSTON*. May 31.— To-day's eleven-Inning
game was a pitchers' battle, in which Pittinger
proved to be more fortunate. The fleldine of
both teams was very sharp. Attendance. 1300.
Boston , • •• 2 8 3
Cincinnati 1 5-r"l
Batteries— Pittinger and Clark; Hahn and
Kehoe. Umpire— Emslle.
BROOKLYN, May 31.— The BroolUyn-St.Louia'
game was postponed on account of wet grounds.
American Association.
CHICAGO. May 8*. — Chicago, 0; Kansas
City. 4.
BAHRS MAY BE
BUND PRESIDENT
Recommended to Succeed
Finking by Executive
Committee.
It is obvious that no student shc>uld be paid
for his athletics. The practice ftf assisting
young mrn through college in order, that they
may strengthen the athletic teams is degrad
ing to amateur sports, and the false loyalty
which induces graduates to pay the expenses of
such men cannot fail to affect the moral sense
of the recipients. The large sums of money
taken in at many of the football games form
a constant temptation to extravagance and to
the illicit use of money. , It is. therefore, de
sirable that Kate money should be reduced to
a minimum by agreement of all universities.
The mission of the seneral public to buy tickets
which any one can buy has a tendency to make
of the games great public spectacles foreign
to the eplrtt of university life, and the sooner
this objectionable feature Is dealt with the
better for athletics. It. would seem well to
limit the attendance upon the great (tames
to the students and their friends. Something
has already been done toward this end by llm-.
King the games to college grounds.
Another objectionable practice Is the inter
ference with boys who have developed a taste
for athletics" In the preparatory schools. • In
many cases correspondence Is opened by gradu
ate committees ln search of athletic material,
or. emissaries are sent out and all sorts of in
fluence thrown ' around school boys to induce
them to enter certain Institutions. Sometimes
even financial aid is promised toward an edu
cation. Some of our universities are reported
to have a regular system of looking up likely
athletes among the schools. The gladiatorial
and professional tendencies thereby promoted
are totally destructive of sane athletics. Any
practice which makes athletics an end, and
not a means of promoting health through an
enjoyable competition in outdoor sports, is ob
jectionable as professionalism. For this rea
son the inordinate preparation required by
K.me of our games should be discouraged.
There Is no reason why college teams, or even
parts of college teams, should be. assembled
for practice during the summer; and when
they receive a money benefit by having even
their extra expenses paid, the practice trenches
danfterously near professionalism. It would be
better if all universities and colleges could be
brought to give up even the preparatory prac
tice for two weeks before the term opens.
The report closes with the admonition
that—
The report recommends that colleges
should pay particular attention to the
scholarship of their teams. Every mem
ber, it says, should be in good standing:,
and one student should have as many
hours of study as another. No student
who is deficient in his work at the
beginning: of a term should be permitted
to play that year until he has made up the
rtpficiency. Four years is the greatest
length of time- a man should he permitted
to participate !n contests.
The report advises against the policy of
offering inducements to members of pre
paratory schools to enter college for the
sole purpose of athletics. Preliminary or
summer practice, or playing on so- called
"summer teams," it says, should also be
legislated against. Regarding this the re
port says:
The member of an athletic team who is get
ting through college on the barest possible
margin is throwing discredit upon good ath
letics.
CHAMPION DOGS
ARE ENTERED AT
INGLESIDE PARK
Two Stakes the .Offering of
the Management This
Ninety-Six Greyhounds in All Will
Compete on the Coursing Field-
Ultimate Winners Hard
Mfj^io Pick.
¦ Champion stake — George Whitney's Theron
vs. .Russell. Allen & Wilson's Chicago Boy;
R. L. Taylor's Mose vs. Russell, Allen & Wil
son's Master Clair; J. Sutton's Mayflower vs.
O'Shea Bros." Golden Rule; A. Johnson's Low
lander 1 vs.' J. -Dean's Slsmjoc.
Open stake — S. Hanson's Long Shot Conley
vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's Carmencita: A. J.-
Kemp's Move Out vs. W. H. Shear's Chauncey:
J. J. Kdmond's Morning Glory vs. It. P. Ju
lian's Sweet Music; E. Hood's Dempsey Lass
vs. O'Shea Bros.' Mercy May; J. F. Bowles'
Mirabilla. vs.- A. Vendenburgh's Naughty
Girl: Russell, Allen & Wilson's Palmflower vs.
J. McNeil's Captain Byrnes; J. Dean's Belle of
Anderson vs. M. Michiliki's Terrona; Captain
Cane's Miss Penman vs. P. Dingle's Cash In;
Connell Bros." Good-by vs., D. Toland's Twi
light Jr.: A! Massey's JJadlwist vs. J. W.
Wood's Cliff Wilson: Lande & Gerber"s Mt.
Ida vs. T. Tierney's Tea Rose; J. J. Edmond's
Whisky Hill .vs. M. J. Welsh's Lady Xorborne;
P. Henins's St. Elmo vs. P. M. Clarkson's
Flower of Gold; J. Dean's Lady Clare vs. J.
McEnroe's October Woodcock; Bartels Bros.'
Best Bargain vs. R. L. Taylor's Bald Head;
Connell Bros.' Clover vs. Lowe & Thompson's
Over "the 'Border: J. Duffy's Flashing Lass vs.
J. Johnson's Tod Sloan; Connell Bros.' St.
Helen vs. Farley Bros.' Morse Patrol;
Lowe & Thompson's Scotch Reel vs.
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Belle Clair;
H. Lynch' s Lexington vs. S. Handy's Lady
Hugo; Al Austin's Firm Foe vs.. Russell. Allen
& Wilson's Rosle Clair; J. R. Smith's Petronius
vs. J. McEnroe's Stromboll; E. Baumelster's
Warrior vs. D. Dillon's Prince George; J. I.
O'Brien's Statesman vs. J. Field's S*>a Wave;
M. Dunlea's Erin vs. M. J. Welsh's Millwood;
J. McEnroe's Admiral Sampson vs. D. Shan
non's Strand of Gold; J. I. O'Brien's Wander
ing'Tom vs."D. Toland's Pleasant Girl; &¦ A.
Morgan's Annie Shone vs. J. Dean's Granada;
T. j. .Cronin' s Arab vs. J. Rock's Minerva;
Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold vs. Bartels
Bros.' Beer Brewer; J. J. Edmonds' Oo On
vs. C. Banner's Frosty Morn: McCarthy &
Muller's Brentwood Belle vs. P. Megan's Lu
cretta Borgia; H. Lynch' » Emma M vs. F.
Passon's Merry. Maiden; D. J. Knowles' Fire
Queen' vs. Connell Bros.' Lob Boy; J. Sutton's
Glen Anne vs. P. J. Nolte's Alabama Coon;
J. Seggerson's Gold Hill vs. R. McCabe's Rifle-
Ite.- T. Reed's Charley vs. T. J. Cronln's Ro?e
o r Tralee: D Cronin's Swinerton vs. Russell.
AHen & Wilson's Daisy Clair; Sterl & Knowles'
Olita vs. W. Calms' Imperial; R. E. de B.
Lopez's Sara vs. G. Abercrombie's Miss Rich
mond: Kay Bros.' Hawker vs. Bartels Bros.'
Betsey Barrow: Lowe & Thompson's Prince
Hal vs. M. J. Welsh's Mtlldale; W. H. Shear's
Alarue vs. J. H. W. Muller's Moonstone: J.
Sutton's Master Lawrence vs. J. Flower's Key-
Btone.
A champion stake with eight entries and
an- open stake with eighty-eight entries is
the card offered the patrons of coursing,
by the management of Ingleside Park this
week.. The champion stake will be run
in its entirety on Sunday afternoon. The
sport will commence on. Saturday at 12
o'clock and on Sunday at 11 o'clock. The
dogs are evenly matched In the special
stake and should provide 'some close
courses. Thedraw last night resulted in
the greyhounds being matched as follows:
Edwin Stevens Returns to
Sing at the
Tivoli.
. - • -
TALL COMEDIAN
IS BACK AGAIN
BERKELEY, May 31.— The most im
portant document upon collegiate
athletics that has ever been pre
pared Is the report of the special
committee from the universities of Har
vard. Pennsylvania, Princeton, Brown,
California, Columbia and Cornell, which
was made public to-day in Berkeley, New
York and other Eastern points. The re
port is the outcome of a meeting held at
Brown University in 1S9S, and after two
years' work it was prepared. This report
goes /over the entire field of collegiate
sports and makes a series of the most
radical recommendations and proposes a
new set of rules.
The report is decided against allowing
athletics to interfere with- studies. It
seeks to confine athletic exhibitions as
much as possible to students, and to ex
clude the public, and it vigorously opposes
the practice of paying the way of ath
letes through college to secure their ser
vices in the field. An effort is made for the
purification of intercpllegiate athletics, the
maintenance of the highest amateurstand
ards and the promotion of intercollegiate
comity.
It recommends that there shall be no in
tercollegiate contests on any except uni
versity athletic fields; that "no student
shall be a member of both the freshman
and university teams: that no student
shall represent his university in more
than one branch of sport ln a single
academic year without permission from
the athletic committee: that no student
shall represent the university If he has
been dropped from his class into a lower
class or from the first year class out of
the university: that no student shall re
ceive his board free at the training table:
that there shall be no summer team prac
tice excepting for ten days before the
openingof the fall term, and that no tick
ets shall be sold to the. general public for
intercollegiate contests until the students
themselves have had the. first chance to
buy."
It protests against the practice of finan
cially assisting athletes and against scour
ing the country for crack athletes. The
report says:
At present athletic sports occupy a dispro
portionate amount of attention in many of
our universities, colleges and. schools, and the
main end of all rules must be to prevent out
door sports and physical exercises from inter
fering with the mental and moral training of
the students. If this cannot be done, the sports
bid fair to become a positive evil. No student
should be permitted to make athletics the prin
cipal occupation of his college life. We are
not engaged ln making athletes, but rather
good citizens whose mental powers have been
pustalned and increased by adequate physical
vigor Imparted in the gymnasium and the field,
without creating undue pride of athletic prow
ess and an exaggerated notion of its value.
Only genuine members of the university
should be permitted ln public exhibitions, and
gateway considerations should be eliminated.
ONE FAVORITE
ONLY WINS AT
GRAVESEND TRACK
McMeekin, Though Finish
ing First, Is Set Back
for Running Light.
At Five Furlongs Del March and
Harlem Lane Make a Sensa
tional x*nish in a Dead
Heat.
Five furlongs— Mary McCoy won, Janice sec
ond, Ida Carbey third. Time. 1:02 3-3. Ad4
won. but was di?qualineri.
Mile and seventy yard* — Rare Perfume won.
Klrkwood second. Precursor third. Time,
1:45 1-5.
One' and an eighth miles — Latson won. Gulden
second. Knight of the Garter third. Time,
1:55 1-5.
One and a sixteenth miles— Contestor won,
Nansen second. Herbert third. Time. 1:17.
McMeekin won by a neck, but was disqualified.
Five furlongs, selling— Del March and Har
lem Une ran a dead heat. Gold Heels third.
NEW YORK, May 31.-Two disqualifica
tions and a dead heat were the somewhat
unusual features of the racing at Gravea
end to-day. Long shots continued to win.
only one favorite getting the decision, ana
then only by being advanced by the dis
qualification of Add. McMeekin. who won
the second race cleverly, was the first to
be set back. On weighing ln it was
found that he carried two and a half
pounds underweight. He was easily ten
pounds the best horse in the race. Add
was the second horsa disqualified. "When
drawing away from .Mary McCoy ln the
last hundred yards she swerved toward
the' rail, forcing Spencer to pull up.
Results: , : .
About six furlongs, selling— Merry Pay won.
Her Ladyship second. Klnnikinnlc third. Time,
1 'in
CHICAGO. May 31.— 'Weather clear,
track heavy at Hawthorne. Results:
Srven furlongs— Mitten won. Scarlet LJly
second, Murtle Gebauer third. Time, 1:23.
Six furlongs— Vain won. Alice 1» second. In
novator third. Time. l:lSVi-
Mile— A Iced o -won. Larlcssur second. Donna
Rita third. Time. 1:45},.
Five and a half furlongs, the Test stakes —
Farmer Bennett won. Gold Badge second, O<?
nor third. Time, 1:11 >•«.
One and a sixteenth miles— Rollins won.
Trimmer second, Walkenshaw third. Time.
1:52%.
Mile— Anno wan won, Teucer second. Galileo
third. Time. l:4Sft.
Heavy Going at Hawthorne.
Mile— Highland Prince, won. Kins Regent sec
ond. Topgallant third. Time, 1:15.
Results at Toronto.
TORONTO, Ontario, ilay 31.— Kesults:
Six furlongs — Wine Press won. Arlington sec
ond. Oak Maid third. Time. 1:17.
Four anr! a half furlongs— Maggie W won,
Taaker second, Egyptian 1'rlnce third. Time,
:57.
Steeplechase, about one and three-quarter
miles — Excuse won. Kll Kendlg second. Quick
silver third. Time. 3:3S.
One and a quarter miles— The Provost won,
Opuntla second, Euclaire third. Time. 2:U.
One and a- sixteenth miles — Cantlve won.
Beau Ideal second. Alice Farley third. Tim>".
ST. LOUIS, May 31.— The heavy rains o«
last night and this morning made the
Fair Grounds track very sloppy to-day.
Myth, a new arrival at the track, at odds
of 12 to 1, was the only outsider to upset
the public. Results:
Selling, six farlonga — Horseshoe Tobacco won,
Glenlake second. The Light third. Time, 1:1S\.
Five furlonjat— Alard Scheek won, Cogswell
second. Frenchie third. Time, l:04*i.
Seven furlongs— Found won, Ureenock second.
Guide Rock third. Time. 1:31*;.
Belling, mile— Myth won. Lord Ncvtll© ¦ec
ond. Laureate third. Time. 1:4S.
Selling, five and a half furlongs— Maydlns
won. Cathedral second, Halton third. Time.
1:13. *
Selling, mile and twenty yards — Ransom won.
Rushnelds second. Crossmolina third. Time,
1:48.
Sloppy at St. Louis.
COLORADO SPRINGS, C.0I0., May 3L—
Results:
Trotting and pacing— Glen All won la two
straight heats. Time— 2:21U. 2:25. Pearl a an.i
Ruby S also started.
Trottinc and pacing-, to road wairon. half
mile heats— Raymond M won In three straight
heat*. Time— 1:07. 1:07. 1:03. Tolo Maid and
Trilby P also started.
Three-eighths o f a mile, running — Lulu Girl
won. Slowly second. Fernandl third. Time.
Half-mile— Goldie C xron. Minnie W second.
Joe Bell third. Time. :54. secona,
With the Harness Horses.
CINCINNATI. May 31.-The talent hzd
a rough time of it trying to pick the
winners at Latonla to-day. The traclc
was fetlock deep in mud and every one
of the six favorites went down to defeat.
Results:
Mile, selling — George B. Cox won. La Grange
second. Rubel third. Time. 1:43.
Five furlones — Padema won. Sam Lyons sec
ond. Nitrate third. Time. l:<Wi.
Mile— Silver Coin won. Unsiehtly »econd,
Peter Duryea third. Time, l:««i.
Six furlonjcs. selling— The Geeser won. Opera
Girl second, Sadie Burnam third. Time. l:;i.
Four aj»d a half furlongs — Lady Bramble
¦won, Oueen Carnival second. Menace third.
Time, 1:01.
Six furlongs— Carlotta C won, 'Winter second,
Estlll third. Time. 1:19U.
Talent Badly Nipped.
Cleverly Bidden, Captures the
Epsom Cup.
LONDON, 'May 31.— At Epsom to-day
the Rlddlesdown plate was won by Sly
Fox, ridden by Tod Sloan; the Epsom cup
was won by Jolly Tar, with J. Reiff up,
and the Durban plate was won by Mar
coni, with J. Reiff in the saddle.
Sly Fox Is owned by S. B. Joell. Jolly
Tar Is the property of Lord William
Beresford and Marconi was the entry of
Sir J. Miller. In the race for the Epsom
cup. while a quarter of a mile from the
pest, Loates, who was riding Clarehaven.
apparently confident of winninar. took
things easy and allowed Reiff to creep up
unnoticed and win by a head. T.oates
consequently met with a hostile reception
from the spectators.
Jolly Tax, With J. Beiff Up and
SLOAN'S MOUNT WINS
THE RIDDLESDOWN PLATE
Besting: at Chicago and Doing Light
Training Preparatory to the
Contest With Colleges of
Middle West.
BV A. M. WALSH.
CHICAGO, May SI.— All day yesterday
and to-day a large blue and gold flag has
waved over the Hotel Lexington, and pco-
pie wonder what it signifies. Many Cali
forriians noticed it and came In to call on
us. It makes us feel good to see that there
is some one in this large city who is in
sympathy with up.
The team, on the whole, is not In good
condition. Some of the men are feeling
fine, while others are disabled. Woolsey
contracted a bad cold while on the train
Monday night and he has been unable to
Train durinc" th.» work. If his cold Js bet
:er by Saturday he will be all right, not
withstanding bis lack of training. Hoff
man's leg is Improving very slowly, and
he too hag not trained for the past two
v.-eeks. He w;ll not be able to enter the
pole vault, liut ho will take a few trials
ln the lilgh jump. Hoffman's accident will
lose the day for us. as he could in all prob
ability have won both his events. Brough
ton will be able to take a few trials in
The broad jump. Drum has quite recov
ered from the effects of the faJl he re
ceived last Monday in the finish of the
quarter-mile. Walsh's accident of two
week? ego ha? spoiled his chances of win
ning a place is the walk Yesterday was
hi* i:rpt day on ihe track. The rest of the
team are in iirst-c'.ass condition. If the
whole Team war in trim we would have
no trouble in winning the championship.
Plaw tried ihrow'.ne the discus to-day,
but he was unable to <^atch the knack of
1t. so he will not enter that event.
The team of the l"nlvf>rsity of Minnesota
arrived at the Lexington Hotel to-day.
They are a brawny, raw-boned lot of
young men and look as if they were
trained to the utmost.
Th« representative of the T'nivcrsity of
Nebraska also arrived in town to-day.
They have ha^l some of Yale's spirit in
fused into thorn this year by Clarp, who
was one of Yale's best pole vaulters. Th^ir
principal strength lies in the pole vault
and the weights. Their man who throws
the hammer 349 feet ought to get second
tn Plaw.
Other teams will arrive to-morrow and
Saturday. Ovpr thirty teams will com
ppte and* Chicago will be overrun with col
lege men.
Members of the Berkeley
Team Not Sanguine of
Being First.
ATHLETES OF
CALIFORNIA NOT
IN GOOD SHAPE
SACRAMENTO, May 31.-In the fourth
round of what was to have been a twenty
round bout Phil Green knocked out Frank
Purcell. The fight was pulled off at the
headquarters of the Sacramento Athletic
Club and was witnessed by about 1200
spectators. •
The battle was fast and furious and up
to the instant the deciding blow was
struck both men were fresh and fought
like furies. Green was aggressive from
the start, but Purcell got away from his
swings ln the first three rounds and land
ed several body blows which shook the
"soldier." The latter, however, was light
ing all the time and kept Purcell guessing.
The end came like a bolt from a clean
sky. There had been several hot mix
ups in the round. In which neither man
appeared to have an advantage. Then
Green feinted for the body with his left
and Purcell's guard came down to block
the jolt. Quicker than a flash the blow,
which was already under way, was given
an upward turn, landing flush on Purcell's
jaw. He went down like a log and did
not regain consciousness for five minutes.
The tight was refereed by William John
sr.n, boxing in.=tr:i' tor of the club.
• In the preliminary bout Harry Slater
knocked out Harry Glover in the first
round.
In the second event Jack Stelzner
knocked out Tom Costello of Fresno in
the fourth round. Costr-llo depended upon
his punching powers to win. and gave
Jack several hard punches before the end'
came.
Harry Glover Goes Down Before
Slater and btelzner Defeats Cos
tello in the Prelimi
naries. , ;
Phil Green Suddenly Ends
tlie Fight With a Strong
Uppercut. .
FRANK PURCELL
KNOCKED OUT IN
FOURTH ROUND
CHICAGO, May 31.— The six-round bout
between Kid McCoy and Tommy Ryan at
Tattersall's last Tuesday night, which
Referee Malachi Hogan awarded to Mc-
Coy the end of the sixth round, has
now been officially declared a draw. Im
mediately after the fight Ryan protested
against the decision, claiming that the
contestants had agreed upon a. drew if
both were on their feet at the wind-up,
emphasizing his protest with a fistic
assault on Hogan. They were separated
by the police and Hogan disclaimed any
knowledge of the agreement between the
boxers. The Tattersall Athletic Club
to-night officially rescinded the decision
ln the following statement:
"To the Public: Owing to the public con
troversy ensuing on th« decision rendered
last Tuesday night and ln justice to
Tommy Ryan, the Tattersall Athletic
Club has rescinded the decision of Referee
Malachi Hogan in the contest between
Tommy Ryan and Kid McCoy. The de
cision In favor of McCoy Is hereby re
called, and in Its stead the. club declares
the. contest a draw. This is done by rea
son of the seventh clause in the article
of agreement:
"2'If both men are on their feet at the
end of the' sixth round there shall be no
decision given.'
"In taking this action the club rights a
wrong traceable to Referee Hogan's ig
norance of the conditions. He did not
know of the stipulation and on these
grounds the decision is hereby reversed."
Accompanying the statement Is the fol
lowing from Referee Hogan:
"This is to certify that had I been in
formed of the stipulation as cited Jn
cause 7 of the articles of agreement there
would have been no decision rendered."
Management Issues a Statement to
the Public Wherein Is Recalled
the Decision That Was
Awarded McCoy.
Tattersall Club Rescinds
the Dictum of Referee
Malachi Hogan.
McCOY-RYAN
FIGHT DECLARED
TO BE A DRAW
Advises Against Exhibitions Open to Every
body and Insists on Good Class
Standing for Athletes.
Long-Looked-For Report on Col
lege Sports Finally Given
WOULD CURB THE
STUDENT ATHLETE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 1, 1900.
LARENCE J. BERRY'S mastiff Julian, the most widely known dog in the
(( faraway gold fields of Alaska, is dead. Exposure, to the rigors ., of the
\^ northern climate put an end to. the career of a dog which had traveled
hundreds of miles over the pathless ice and had hauled thousands of
pounds of freight. Mr. . Berry first put him to work on a sled in 1835, when the
dog hauled provisions for the season over the Chilkoot Pass. In the following
year the dog was the mainstay of the team which was used by Mrs. : Berry
when she went to Join her husband. On this perilous trip all the dogs except ;
Julian gave out and he had to haul the load, which weighed over 1000 pounds, ~
by- himself across the frozen surface of Lake Bennett. When the party reached
Dawson the dog hauled most of the lumber and used . by : Mr. ; Berry ln ¦
his mines and houses. So famous did Julian become that his owner was" offered
fabulous sums for him, but declined, to consider any proposition which meant
parting with his faithful servant. .^ .
• In 1898 the dog suffered from rheumatism brought on by exposure. This.ren
dered him useless as a draft. animal. Mr. Berry sent him*to Fresno for treat
ment and as he did not improve there he was sent, to Santa Cruz, where he
remained several months. Disease had so strong a hold on him that he could
not shake it off. He finally succumbed to a complication of canine ailments. .
Must Pay Value of Morello.
A jury in Judge Daingerfleld's court last
evening rendered a verdict awarding
plaintiff $15,000 in the suit /of John A.
Drinkhouse as administrator of the estate
of Wiiliam A. 'Singerly and Louis La
mertz. deceased, against Frank Van Ness
and the Pacific Surety Company. This
suit was brought to recover possession of
the famous stallion Morello or the ani
mal's value. A. Ruef represented the
plaintiff.
William Cronin. the ex-convict of many
aliases, appeared in the United States Dis
trict Court yesterday morning and plead
ed gui'.ty to an indictment charging him
with having feloniously broken Into the
Colusa postoffice and stealing several hun
dred dollars' worth of postage stamps.
He had already pleaded guilty of burg
lary committed on the Benicia postofllce.
Senteno^ will be pronounced by Judge d©
Haven to-morrow morning.
Cronin Pleaded Guilty Again.
Jacob Troutman. a saloon-keeper on
Clay Birwt. and Frank Hoffman, his bar
tender, were charged in Judge Fritz's
court yesterday with an assault with a
deadly weapon. They were accused of
(striking Richard Worthinpton. a cus
tomer, on the head with a piece of rubbor
ho?e. Tlio charge was reduced to battery.
Troutman was lined 550 and Hoffman $25.
Battered a Customer.
An Insolvent Farmer.
William B. Kelly, a farmer residing in
Rock Creek in Butte County, filed a pe
tition in insolvency yesterday in the
United States District • Court. His lia
bilities are $729 and there are no assets.
Mastiff That Hauled Thousands of Pounds of Freight.
Marguerite Merington's bright little
comedy, "Captain Lettarblair," attracted
a quite large audience at the California
yesterday afternoon. James Neill, in the
title' role, seemed happier in the part, as
far as naturalrfess is concerned, than in
anything he has yet played. One forgot
Mr. Neill for the nonce and saw only the
gay, dashing, true-hearted Irish captain.
Miss Chapman evened up the honors as
Fannie Haddon, : her scene with Lettar
blair in his room at the barracks being
especially charming and true in concep
tion. Julia Dean ; as the. ingenue has a
pretty little part, and Lillian Andrews is
good as usual.- Ben Howard was born the
"heavy villain," ¦ and . Me Vicar's Dean
Ambrose'is a good ecclesiastical portrait.
Shackelford/ Burton and George Bloom
quest complete the effective cast.
To-night, ; to-morrow night and matinee
with : "Captain Swift" will conclude the
notable ten weeks' engagement of the
Neill Company.
STEVENS, who has been
p^ 0 secured. by the management of the
I - Tlvoll' Opera-house to share for a
short season with "Teddy" Hart
man the leading roles at that place of
amusement, has arrived from New York,
where he has been a member of Charles
.Frohman's .Empire Theater stock com
pany. Mr. Stevens will assist in the re
vival of "The Geisha," ."Wang, 1 *, "The
Wedding Day" and "The Sea King." His
Joint appearance with Hartman will be
joyfully hailed by the seekers of pleasure.
In New York, at the close .of the JSmpirtr
company season, -Mr.-' Stevens received- a
flattering offer to go to London, which he
declined. -wishing: to return to San Fran
cisco. He. will be a" drawing attraction.
4
' Special Dispatch to The Call.
I l^^pi I Can Cure You, j
• ;^^^^^fe ow man y men ln *^ e rustle of O
« " life break down trom over-fatigue, or S
® x ambition to excel ? The professional o
® v^/v%$ '''"A'^VL man, the merchant, clerk, mechanic ®
§ Iff] a^y^ are t all liable to that reaction of a %
• w$ p£ Ytt busy life — nervous prostration. All •
• 6%Mif$/ ~ ?A the bodily functions suffer then, and S
O }U&W$!l~~x~a^ often the mind is depressed. My •
• "lK^v--^sr- DR * MCLAUGHLIN'S BELT 3
% is the ri 2 ht This master- 2
q ~*™X*fo*?**mi ti^un piece of electro-medical science will •
• cure your nerve loss,' your weakness, your kidneys, your •'
S stomach and poor circulation by endowing you with that vita!- %
• ity which builds up the system. Drugs are useless, they're ©
£ harmful. My B?lt cures where barrels of medicine have failed. 2
A Why suffer any longer? I offer you an Invigorant which has no equal In §
9 the world, for it will drive out your pain and make you a strong, sound •
O man. Call on me or write for mv Illustrated book. free. •
• 614 Kearny St., SAN FRANCISCO May 22 1300. •
f DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN: ' r & 0
i| '- '•¦ I suffered years from lumbago and muscular cramp tn the less I could sain no a
X : relief from other treatments, but your Electric Belt has done me a world ot (rood. Jl
• -: I consider It a sranri remedy. Tours thankfully, ( R. H RET VOI*D3. ™
I DR. 1 IfflcLAD&HLIN, IH^iH^Si- ISTANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 31.—
President David Starr Jordan, accom
panied by John O. Snyder, Instructor In
zoology at Stanford University, will leave
next Wednesday for Japan, where they
will spend the summer in scientific re
search. The higher mountain streams of
Japan will be searched ; for new and rare
specimens of fishes, where it Is expected
many unknown species will be found.
President Jordan will also visit the larger
cities of the Orient. The return voyage
will be made In time to reach the uni
versity by September 5, the date when col
lege will reopen.
Jordan Will Visit Japan.
Special Dl»i>atch to The Call
SEATTLE, Wash., May 21.— Four com
panies of the Seventh Infantry of the reg
ular army arrived this morning on their
way to their new field of duty In the
north. Companies A and K are assigned
to Nome. Companies B and I are assigned
to St. Michael.- Company A comes from
Walker Lake. Minn. ; Company K comes
from Fort Porter, New York; Company B
has been stationed at Fort McPherson,
Ga., and Company I comes from Fort On
tario, New York. Companies A and B will
go north on. the Rosecran3. Of this de
tachment Major Van Orsdale is in com
mand. The other officers are Captain G.
W. Mclvor, Captain Charles M. French.
Lieutenant George H. Jamerson, Lieuten
ant G. W. Stewart and Lieutenant Knud
son. The detachment of Companies B and
I, which will get away on the Lawton, is
in command of Major F. M. H. Kendricks.
The other officers are Captain Howell and
Lletltenant OfTiey. .
Soldiers for the North.
PHOENIX. Ariz., May 31.— The Con
gress mine at Congress, sixty mites north
of Phoenix, owned largely by Frank Mur
phy and E. B. Gage, has been let to a
syndicate headed by Senator Warner Mil
ler and John W. Mackay. on an option for
one year for $1,500,000, with $200 000 paid
down to bind the bargain. The Congress
Congress Mine Leased.
Claimant Says He Is the Son of a
Man Who, Was Supposed to Have
. Been a Bachelor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦ NEW YORK, - May, 31.— Relatives and
friends believe that George Marchand
died a bachelor at the age of 73. Now
comes forward a young man who asserts
he is the son of the deceased and ; want^
a share of the fortune left. He declares
that his father hid one side of his life
from the world for more than a quarter
of a century, and that he and his mother,
who is still living, were the only ones who
shared his secret. The motive he prom
ises to reveal at the proper time.
Marchand died on March 8 last, at 237
West Fifty-eighth street,' where he had
lived with friends. He was a native of
France and made a fortune In New York
many years ago in the trucking business.
He is believed to have been a millionaire
and died Intestate. One of his heirs Is his
nephew, Francois Duchatel. of 33^i Bush
street. San Francisco.
¦ • — ? ¦
CLAIMS HEIRSHIP TO
A VERY RICH ESTATE
"We wish aa much health to M. Wal
deck-Rousseau and his Ministry.
Frozen Body Found.
Prince d'Arenberg (Republican), how
ever, seized the opportunity to affirm that
the former Minister of War was In per
fect health, and amid Nationalist cheers
and laughter he added:
PARIS, May j.— On the reassembling of
the Chamber of Deputies this afternoon
the opposition attempted to raise a debate
on the resolutions relative to Marquis de
Gallifet's resignation as Minister of War,
bu,t an interpellation of this effect by M.
de Grandmaison (Republican) got short
shrift from the Chamber at the request
of Premier M. Waldeck-Rousseau, who
declared that M. de Gallifet had given his
reasons in his letter for his resignation.
Chamber of De
DE GALLIFET'S RESIGNATION.
Matter Still a Topic of Discussion in
LIKE TJNTO CABSAB.
Captured Leader cf Insurgents to Be
Exhibited in Caracas by
Federals.
CARACAS. Venezuela, May 21 (via Hay
tlan cable).— General Davila, commander
of the Government troops in the victori
ous engagement. la«t Sunday, with Gen
eral Hernandez, which resulted in the
latter's capture near Ncgra, has brought
the Insurgent leader to Caracas and will
exhibit him in the strectn of the capital.
Much Damage by Fire.
BOSTON. May 31.— Fire in the flve
etory department of the Pitts-Kimball
Company, adjoining the Park Theater on
Washington street, did more than $200,000
carr.c je to-night.
Havana Journals Make an Attack
Upon the Postal System of
That City.
HAVANA. May 31.— The Neuvfc Pais
publishes a letter accusing the Postoffice
authorities of unjustifiable expenditures
for traveling expenses cf inspectors, fix
ing letter boxes for stationery, etc. The
iJlario *ie la Marina says that "neither
C. F. W. Neely nor any others of his
kind would have be-»n able tc rio what
they pleased If the postal service had been
uncer the control of a central administra
tion. There la no reason to think that be
cause the PostofHee proved a failure that,
therefore, the military Intervention has
failed, as argued by eome Interested par
ties, but what has failed is the multiplic
ity of disconnected systems until super
vised by a central body."
ACCUSES OFFICIALS OF
GROSS EXTRAVAGANCE
imminent great struggle of commercial
competition among nations. He eulo
gized the splendid system and equipment
of the American and Canadian colleeres,
saying It was the outcome of great lib
erality of the wealthy classes across the
Atlantic, and earnestly appealed for imi
tation and emulation here.
Manning at Seattle. .
SEATTLE. Wash., May 31.— The revenue
cutter Manning arrived In the harbor this
morning from San Francisco. Captain
W. H. Roberts is In command. The Man
ning sails to-morrow morning for Cape
Nome to relieve the cutter Bear on July
10. The Manning left New York on Janu
ary 28, and during the voyage to the Paci
fic stopped at nearly all the ports of entry
on the South American coast. She Is one
of the best finished and newest cutters
In the revenue service.
Railroad Censured.
SUISUN, May 31.— The Coroner's jury
in the case of Frank Frates, who was
killed by the overland limited yesterday,
brought in a verdict of accidental death.
The railroad was censured for not af
fcrdlng better protection at the cross
ing.
Says That England Is Behindhand
in the Matter of Practical
Educational Facilities.
LONDON, Mav 31.— The Secretary of
State for the Colonies, Mr. Joseph Cham
berlain, during the course of his speech to
day at the meeting of the University of
Birmingham referred to Andrew Car
negie's magnilicent donation to the uni
versity and the report of the deputation,
which, at Carnegie's suggestion, had
visited the great colleges of the United
States and Canada. That report, he add
ed, showed how it was that Great Britain
was behindhand in preparation for the
CHAMBERLAIN PRAISES
AMERICAN COLLEGES
Special Dispatch to The 1 Call. •_,
FRESNO, May 31.-M. Theo. Kearney,
president of the California Raisin Grow
ers' Association, to-day filed in the Su
perior Court a suit for $20,000 against the
Fresno Evening Democrat, which has
been criticizing his conduct as president
of the combine. The complaint consists
of two counts, one based on an editorial
and the other on a local item which ap
peared on the 20th.
Kearney was accused in both Items of
using his position to further his private
interests. It was also stated that he had
entered into a secret compact with cer
tain packers In regard to seeding' patents
regardless of tho interests of the associa
tion, which were thereby sacrificed. The
items appeared shortly after a mass meet
ing of growers at which Mr. Kearney was
denied a raise In salary from $500 to $1000
a month. The meeting accepted his
resignation.
KEARNEY STIES FOB, D LIBEIL.
Seeks Damages From a Newspaper
Which Criticized Him.
Gohier, "in case of. war would sell to the
enemy our forts, armies and provinces, as
they sold them before in time of peace.
They engage In Jobbery in army con
tracts, sell crosses of honor and all sorts
of documents. When they do not possess
authentic documents they manufacture
forgeries, for the military is the school
of treason, as it is of lying, stealing and
murder."
M. Gohler is the author of the book.
"The Army against the Nation," which
cremated such an outcry on account of Its
denunciation of the army and for which
he was prosecuted. '¦' General Andre has
requested Minister of Justice M. Monls
to take proceedings and this was the step
announced at to-day's Cabinet Council.
First Measure Taken by the New
Minister of War for
France.
PARIS, May 31.— The first measure of
the- new Minister of War, General Andre,
on taking over the War Office, was to
issue an' order for the prosecution of tho
Dreyfusard paper, the Aurore, for an ar
ticle by Urbaln Gohler, printed yesterday,
attacking the headquarters stan% in eon-*
nection with the Captain Fritch affair.
"These officer detectives." said Mr.
ORDERS THE PROSECUTION
OF DREYFUSARD PAPER
Will Be Known as the National Com
pany, and Include the Presant
National, Mollenhauer and
o Doscher Plants.
.
NEW YORK. May 31.— Negotiations are
under way for the acquirement and con
trol of the National, Mollenhauer and
Doscher sugar refineries by a new cor
poration headed by the sugar brokerage
firm of B. H. Howell, Sons & Co. This
statement is authorized by James H.
Post a member of the firm. Howell, Sons
& Co have been for a long time the
agents for the National and the Mollen
bauer refineries. It is believed that the ac
auirement of these properties by the new
nrm will do much to end the sugar war,
asWell. Sons & Co. have been in har
monv with the American Sugar Refining
Companv for a long time. Mr. Post ad
mits that Arbuckle Brothers are not in-
Sidedin the deal. In sugar circles gen-
it is believed that the new corpora
"on will be controlled by the American
of the National.
MoUenlia^er and Dcscher interests in Jer
sey City in the afternoon, and ater Mr.
Po^t authorized this statement: "The Na
tional Sugar Refining Company of New
Jer"ey will be Incorporated at an early
date This corporation will comprise the
present National Company and the . Mol
ienhauer of Nov.- York and Doscher re
hnerieV In a word, the interests behind
these companies have decided to pool their
issue^ The new company will have a
New Jersey charter. It will issue $10,000.00)
of preferred stock, the amount of common
stock to be Issued having not yet been
-ettled." According to Mr. Post, there
will be seven directors, of whom he will
begone Four others have been selected.
They are? Claus Doscher. Frederick D.
Mollenhauer, George R. Bunker of the
National Company and H. D. Corey of
Howell, Sons & Co. That concern will be
the selling agents of the new company
and Mr. Post will probably be its first
president. ....
Mr Post's attention was called to ru
mors that the new company would be
nothing more than an offshoot of the
trust. He emphatically denied all such re-
P( At S the office of Arbuckle Bros, a mem
ber of the firm said that while there had
been considerable talk they had no per
sonal knowledge of any developments in
the trade or any settlement of the war.
When Mr. Post's statement outlining
the new company- was shown to the Ar
buckle representative some surprise was
manifested, but he would say nothing fur
ther. '
New Corporation About to
o Acquire Several Large
Refineries.
MAY PUT AN
END TO THE
SUGAR WAR
Since the outbreak of the war In South
Africa a marked decrease in the number
of prisoners up for trial at the assizes has
been noted in England.
To-day Smith returned and started out
to fulfill his threats. He called at Justice
O'Neal's office, but the latter was not in.
A pistol was exhibited to bystanders ami
Smith declared he would kill O'Neal.
Smith then went to the St. James, look
ing for Dr. Reid. He lounged about tn rt
corridors for about an hour, and when the
doctor appeared Smith attacked him and
knocked him down, causing much excite
ment. Bystanders interfered when Smith
broke away and ran. Aa soon a3 he re
covered himself Dr. Reid swore to a war
rant charging Smith with battery and
another was issued for disturbing the
peace. The police have been unable to
find Smith.
SAN JOSE. May 31.-G. A. Smith, who
was arrested here a couple of weeks ag.>
for beating his wife, created much ex
citement about town by repeated threat*
to kill City Justice O'Neal and Dr. II.
II. Reid, a late arrival at the Hotel St.
James* from Honolulu. As it was Smith
made an attack orf Dr. Reid at the St.
James, knocking that gentleman down.
Smith'3 grievances seem to be imaginary,
he declaring he is being persecuted. When
Smith was arrested for beating his wife
Dr. Reid was cnllert in to dresa her
¦wounds. A charge of battery maclo
against Smith at that time by his wlri»
before Justice O'Neal was subsequently
dismissed and the couple made up. Thj
Smiths then left for Los Angeles, but he
sent back word he would return and kill
O'Neal and Reid.
Justice O'Neal Ha Attacked Dr.
Reid in a San Jose Hotel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
After a Futile Attempt to Find
SMITH THREATENED
TO KILL TWO MEN
correspondent at AVarsaw sends by mall
an account? of the rebellion of peasants
in the Russian provinces cf Kief. Pondo
lein and Charkov. The rising is supposed
to have been organized by nihilists. Mar
tial law was proclaimed and large bodies
of troops quickly suppressed the" insur-
Rebellious Peasants in Kief, Pondo
' lein and Charkov Forced to
Submit by Troops.
LONDON, June 1.— The Dally Express
publishes the following from Vienna: A
UPRISING STARTED BY
NIHILiSTS SUPPRESSED
tain Jchn MeGowan on charges of scan
dalous conduct and neglect of duty In con
nection with the killing by him of a Fili
pino while in command of the Monadncck
in the Philippines to-day submitted its
conclusions to the Secretary of the Navy
for consideration. The court found the
captain guilty of -the charges and specifi
cations and sentenced him to be suspend
ed from duty en half sea pav for two
years and to be reprimanded by the Sec
retary. There was. however, a unanimous
recommendation for clemency, which will
be taken under consideration by Secretary
Long.
Sentenced to Suspension for Two
Years on Half Pay and to Be
Reprimanded by Secretary.
WASHINGTON. May 31.— The naval
ccurt-martlal which has been trying Cap-
CAPT. JOHN M'GOWAN IS
CONVICTED BY THE COURT
mine Is one of the richest gold mines In
Arizona and for the past four years has
paid profits sometimes as high as $75,000
per month.
After the exercises in the hall the vis
itors went to the reception room, where
they spent a delightful hour viewing em
broideries, decorated porcelain and a col
lection of drawings in pencil and charcoal,
executed by the scholars.
For excellence. Miss Marie Gray; po
liteness. Miss Diana Argall; distinguished
Miss Neale Mlllerish and Miss Vera Los
kay; Testament studies. Miss Amy O'Con
nor; application in vocal music. Miss Ella
Bethune; distinguished. Miss Jane Jef
feris; application in instrumental music,
MLss Ida Marriott; porcelain painting
Miss Daisy Ena. Premiums of Christian
doctrine were awarded to Mis3 - Amy
O'Connor, Miss Agnes Maloney, Miss
Ethyle ' Fannof, Miss Cora Brill. Distin
guished. Miss Marie Gray.
Gold medals and the college diplomas
were presented to Miss Cora Brill and
Miss Annie Fallorf. Certificates of nomi
nation were awarded to the Misses Ella
Bethune. Julia . Curtin, Jane Jefferis
Amy O'Connor. Kthyle Fannof. Gold
medals were awarded as follows:
*i?* v ' J, °'£ en of San Ra *ael awarded
the scholarship prizes and in doing so
complimented the young ladies and the
institution on the successful commence
ment of 1900. '. h" • •-
Among the Interesting numbers of the
programme was the rendition of the
"Spring" song by Misses Jane Jefferis.
Kila Betbune, Clarice Ena and Cora Brill
ihe instrumental number, "Allegro Vi
vace." was rendered by a stringed or
chestra of some twenty young ladies,
olendlng in beautiful harmony the tones
of the guitar, violin, mandolin, lute or
gan and piano. The young ladies who
participated were: Misses Dalsv and
Clarice Ena, A. Maloney, J. Jefferis G
Zwick. Julia Curtin, EttaCosteluJ , E B?I
th Vi ne 'm E - Co T stelI °. Cora Briir. Diana Ar
gall. Clara Duran. Yrma Bayle, Mary
i-na, Ida Marriott and Annie Fall on
Mips Fallon read a bright fa'rewell
poem entitled ''Heritas." the class mot-
J£ l li ' s Br ,ill. the valedictorian, spoke of
r£r **S P X, da .>' s . s Pf n t w ith her alma ma
ter and thanKed the mother superior and
S r^m rS f£f th ? lr c £ re and kindness. Miss
Brill paid a touching tribute to the pio
neers of the Order of St. Dominic, who
5S"ff 1 S5. ll i?aS. san the work of cduca -
SAN* RAFAEL. May 31.-The eleventh
annual commencement exercises of the
Dominican. College of this city were held
in the college hall this afternoon The
hall was draped with the college colors
white and gold.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Interesting: Programme Is Rendered,
After Which Graduates Bid an
Affectionate Farewell to
. Alma Mater.
Commencement at Domini
can College at San
Rafael.
DIPLOMAS ARE
AWARDED BRIGHT
YOUNG LADIES
William Pritchard, a Gam
bler, Meets Death at
Modesto.
Irer-e Hichardscn. His Slayer, Says
He Had Beaten Her and She
Fired the Fatal Bullet in
Self-Defense.
f^qu'ry there resulted in information that
thewhereabouts of only a sister Is known
and that she resides at Red Bluff. That
his father Is or was a minister Is believed.
MODESTO. 3.1ay 31.— Irene Richardson,
& resident of the tenderloin district, shot
and kiiled Wi!lia;n Pritchard. a gambler.
Three shots were fired by the woman
from a SS-caliber Smith & Wesson. One
entered the left s!de below the heart and
was the cause of death, the second grazed
the lower lip and the third did not take
effect.
The shooting took place in the woman's
bedroom at 1 o'clock this morning, and
I'ritehard lived about an hour, during
which time he was entirely conscious but
refused to acswur any questions regard
ing his relatives or the cause of the shoot
ing. To a bystander, who was a friend,
he said. "I have got ray ticke*.; good-by;
fhake."
When interviewed in the County Jail this
morning the woman said, with some emo
tion: "it wafi a ca&e of dog eat dog. If I
had not killed him, he would have killed
me. We had a few words, when he start
ed to choke me. Then he reached for his
pistol and beat me on the head with it.
tie had beaten me before. 1 got away
tTozc him and ran into the hall. He fol
lowed me, and I ran back into the bed
room, snatched my pistol from between
the mattresses and shot as quickly as I
could. He had his 1 pistol in his hand, but
I was too fjuicit for him. He did not Bay
anything after tie fell, but moaned and
groaned, tnd I tcld him to Phut up. I
placed a pillow under his head, got him
.water ar.d a cuspidcre and then called a
man to get a doctor. We were alone in the
house at the time. The girl was out to
geftxunales. 1'rn sorry, but I had to do
It. I'm told he i? dead, and I suppose I'm
in for the rest cf my days, but it was self
defense. Oh, how my head hurts; feel the
lumps and look at that eye. I hope my
children won't learn of it. They're in San
Francisco— two cf them. They know I'm
here, fcut think I'm working on a ranch.
I've been here eight years."
The woman has been hardened by the
life she has led, but tears came with the
reference to the children. Her left temple
close to the eye is much swollen and dis
cclored and the left side of her head shows
large lumps, bearing ou her storj' to the
c^ect that Pritchard beat her with his
pistol. It is learned that Pritchard's folks
'ormerlv resided at Holllster. Telephone
Fpec!al Dispatch to The Call
SHOT THE MAN
WHO THREATENED
TO KILL HER
FRANKFORT, May 31.— Governor Beck
ham this evening issued an order muster
ing out ten companies of the State Guard.
All except two of them are located in
mountain towns and were among those
mustered into service during the political
excitement just before and immediately
following the State election last fall. It
is understood that a number of other
companies are also to bo disbanded.
Militia Mustered Out.
"What wfll I do with it? I would serve
it if I could, and I could if Governor
Mountt of Indiana would help me. but
from all reports I guess he will not do
It."
The bench warrant commands the Sher
iff or other arresting officer to arrest
William S. Taylor and deliver him to the
Jailer of Franklin County. On the back
of the indictment about fifty persons arc
named as witnesses for the common
wealth, The bench warrant-was placed
in t'ne hands of Deputy Sheriff John Suter,
who Is acting in the absence of the Sher
iff. When asked what he would do with
the warrant he said: *".- :¦
"The said William S. Taylor, in the
county of Franklin, on the 30th day of
January, A. D., 1900, unlawfully, willfully
and feloniously, of malice aforethought,
and with intent to bring about the death
and procure the murder of William Goe
bel, did conspire with Caleb Power3, F.
YV. Golden, John L. Powers, John Davis,
Henry Youtzey, Charles Finley, W. H.
Culton, John Howard, Berry Howard.
Harlan Whittaker, Richard Combs and
others to this Grand Jury unknown, and
did counsel, advise, encourage, aid and
procure Henry Youtzey, James Howard,
Berry Howard, Harlan Whittaker, Rich
ard Combs and other persons to this
Grand Jury unknown, unlawfully, will
fully, feloniously nnd of their malice
aforethought, to kill and murder William
Goebel." :¦.:-;
FRANKFORT, May 31.— The issuance of
a bench warrant to-day for the arrest of
W« 3. Taylor, former Governor of Ken
tucky, was the first official notice that an
indictment had been returned naming
Taylor as an accessory to the murder of
William Goebel. The indictment was filed
and entered on record April 19. It accuses
William S. Taylor of being accessory be
fore the fact to the willful murder of
William Goebel, committed as follows: /
Executive, Fifty Persons Being
Named in Indictment as
Witnesses.
Sheriff Instructed to Arrest Former
Taylor Charged With Being
an Accomplice in the
Goebel Murder.
BENCH WARRANT
IS ISSUED FOR
EX-GOVERNOR
All the Old Officers Rechc3en by
Acclamation.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 1.— All the of
ficers of the Confederate Veterans were
elected this afternoon by acclamation.
The election was put through in record
time, the whole thing taking less than one
minute. The list of officers are:
General John B. Gordon, general com
manding.
Lieutenant General Wade Hampton,
commanding army of Northern Virginia
department.
Lieutenant General S. D. Lee, com
manding army of Tennessee department.
Lieutenant General "W. L. Cabell, com
manding trans-Mfssissippi department.
Cheer after cheer rang through the hall
as General Gordon :ame forward to ex
press his thanks for the honor done him.
Hats, handkerchiefs and canes filled the
air and above them all came the old yell
made famous on many a less pleasant oc
casion.
Generals Lee and Cabell also feelingly
expressed their thanks.
General Irvin Walker of South Caro
lina spoke for General Wade Hampton,
who is detained at his home by illness.
Mrs. Margaret Jefferson Davis Hayes
and her daughter. Miss Varina Jefferson
Davis Hayes, the daughter and grand
daughter of Jefferson Davis, arrived to
day from Redlands. Cal.
VETERANS' ELECTION.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 31.— By a vote
of 101 to 68 the Sons of Confederate Vet
erans this afternoon refused to lay on the
table a motion offered by \V. H. McLaws,
division commander of Georgia, that only
tho Confederate flag be carried in the
Sons of Veterans' division of the Confed
erate reunion parade to-morrow.
Mr. McLaws said he understood the
United States flag was to be carried at
the head of the Sons of Veterans.
• A number of delegates made speeches
and it became apparent that an expected
issue had come before the convention.
Several delegates strongly urged that the
Sons of Veterans carry both the United
States and the Confederate flags in the
parade. The part played by the South in
the Spanish-American war and President
McKinlcy's recent action in wearing a
Confederate button and suggesting that
the Lnited States Government treat the
Confederate Just as it treats the Union
soldiers were urged as reasons why the
Lnited States flag should be carried by
the Sons of Veterans. After a number of
speeches had been heard there were re
joinders. The discussion was growing
wider and more interesting-, when it was
cut off by the motion to table Mr. Mc-
Laws' motion.
All the speakers said no veteran's son
was to-day disloyal to the United States
flag, but they regarded the Confederate
flag as the emblem of their organization
and thought it should not leave their pa
rade for that reason. As the discussion
had prolonged considerably the ses
sion of the convention, adjournment was
taken after the tabling of the McLaws
motion until to-morrow, when the ques
tion is expected to come up for final ac
tion.
Southrons Adhere to the Banner of
the Lost Cause as a Matter of
Sentiment While iLoyal to -
Old Glory.
Action Taken by tho Sons
of Veterans at Louis-
STILL STAND
BY FLAG OF THE
CONFEDERACY
C""* Havill, formerly a captain in the
Ninth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Is un
der arrr-st on the charge of shodtinpr Ke
5i e o -_ Hp . l!? f^P^yed as a watchman by
tho Transit Company.
Thomas Kehoe and Thomas Riley. both
union motormen, are seriously wounded.
Kehoe was shot in the abdomen during a
light near the carsheds at Broadway and
Osage street. Riley received a bullet
throueh the chest near the heart during a
pistol battle between several supposed
pnsFer.gers who left a Union Line car at
Twenty-fifth and Farrar streets and a
crowd that pursued them.
It developed that four persons were shot
durintr the streetcar troubles last night,
full a<nails of which were not gathered
until a late hour.
A eommitt^ of South St. Loul*ans, ap
pointed to represent a mass-meeting held
to-day, called on the Chief of Police and
President "Whittaker of the Transit Com
pany and presented a significant ulti
matum. It was said that unless the police
or the company disarm its employes In
the powerhouse and carsheds the commit
tee would take the work of doing so in its
own hands. They said they proposed to
protect their wives and children, whatever
the result.
Some lawyers who have studied the law
relating to the power of the Sheriff to
compel citizens to serve on the* special
force of deputies which he is organizing
believe the Sheriff is not organizing a
posse comitatus, but is forming merely
a force of special deputies. Under this in
terpretation of the law some of those
summoned failed to obey the summons of
the Sheriff.
The Police Board decided to-day to arm
the posse with riot guns. The weapon is
a short-barreled repeating shotgun
about three and a half feet long. The
magazine has a capacity for six shells,
which may be loaded with buckshot or
small shot. The purpose of the arm Is
to do as much execution as possible. The
Police Hoard has 700 of these guns on hand
and steps have been taken to secure more
Immediately.
Sheriff Pohlman reported that the work
of recruiting the first thousand deputies
called for was progressing rapidly and he
believed ho would have no trouble in
gathering in the full quota of 2500 depu
ties.
police or military service or unless physi
cally disabled.
Drafts Judges/ Preachers, Brokers and Attor
neys, and Says an Epidemic Must Have
Broken Out, as All Are Disabled.
ST. LOUIS, May SI.— Up to a late hour
to-night the Police Department had- not
chronicled any disturbance of a serious
natur* &s a result cf the street car strike
¦iiuring- the day.
Public Interest centers for the time be-
Ir.ff in yesterday's order of the Police
Commissioners oa the Sheriff of St. Louis
County to swear in 1000 special deputies
and in their order of to-day ordering the
swearing in of 1500 additional men, mak
ing 2j00 in all. for the purpose of aiding
the Tcl-ce Department In preserving peace
and order.
To a certain extent these orders have
•created consternation among men In all
¦walks or life, as Is evidenced by Sheriff
Pohlman's statement that an epidemic of
sickness has suddenly broken out in th*
«- ; ty since the draft of a posse began.
SSS* €Ver y man cf any position, the
bhenff savs, who has been summoned to
fcorve In the posse, is scurrying about to
K °i Physician's certificate that he is
tufrering from chronic disease which tin-
I.ts him for duty.
aianyjjf those who remonstrated with
.he Sheriff this morning were veterans of
several wars. They complained that they
had aJready served their country and
thought it was an Imposition to place
them la the posse and suggested that
There were hundreds of younger and just
as good citizens who might better per
form rervice.
Among the prominent citizens sum
moned to serve in the posse axe the fol
lowing-:
William EX Flsse. ex -Judge Circuit
Court; Charlr-s H. Green, street car mag
r.ate; GeorgQ II. Plant, Plant Milling
Ccnpam-; A. W. Stewart, attorney for
l-'i^on Trust Company; W. D. OrthVein.
member of Merchants" Exchange export-
Ing- coram'sslcn: John A. Warren, stock
broker; D. T. Uyren. real estate agent;
Peyton Carr. corporation lawyer: Edgar
Tilton. Will Stannard. eon of t-x-Lieuten
nnt Governor Stannard; Otto Teichmann.
wealthy maltster; Georse S. Johns, editor
P<Mt~I>l*p«teh: Hew Dr. 'S. J. .Nicholas,
pastor of the Second Presbyterian
Church, and General B. G. Fiirrar. "United
Etates Sub-Treasurer at St. Louis.
No male citizens bet*cen the ages of
n ar.d 65 are exempt unless engaged In
Sheriff Pbhlrhan t of : St.\ Louis
Is No Respecter of
PROMINENT MEN
FOR DEPUTIES
THE SAN ¦ FRANCISCO' CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 1, 1900.
¦uties.
5
SEATTLE. "Wash.. May 31.— According
to advices received from Skagnay on the
Rosalie, which arrived this morning, the
body of an unknown man has been found
a short distance from the main trail near
White Pass City. The body was resting
against a bowlder In an upright position,
«s If the man In life had been resting after
a hard climb up the mountain. The man
had evidently been dead for six weeks.
There were no papers on the body by
which his name or residence could be as
certained, and after an Investigation by
the Coroner's Jury the body was burled
where It was found. Evidently the dead
man must have been caught in one of the
many blizzards that occurred on the
White Pass durine last winter and froze
to death- Numbers of rumors were cur
rert at different times of parties becoming
lost and dyins on the trail. _
THE EMPORIUM.
$ Ken's $12.50 and $15 Suits for $9,95 g&See'OUr "ad" 111 Saturday papers. '^ No-Match Gas Lighten 25o g
% Neckwear*?* ; 0M « ac V of ££ m m*B&fi*zi*ir Mmm&toT* H*&4- PuSiev B^ome ths owner to- \
X -tffflQ- these and nu^ a . ET 3* E $8 €&W a S#f##2?££ B £&Sb Ooffe «*»*<>'» P««y ne* belt *
g at 89C. savmg of $1.08; *V * %% itS ardL^S* DoJble-faced $
j Fr!davottty~ if you happen to need one each of every article mentioned in this an- mm Cm Satin Pa!;eyBe!t3. in colors, 35
*£ o'^r# vwC <£&£*# Atwss&m* nouncement and should bay them of the bi£s ( -orf> to-^ay. vour saving: all —^<: : — 7^ -"^l *<*
% °™ every day regular prices wouM be Eight Doliars and JJi jf^SlfeM S
& accordion $&£$ Twenty Gants, and to-day s offerings are not extraordinary for shaiJeg /y $
£ plaited ends. _ J||^||?|^3| Bp*^ The Emporium. Pay you to investigate. for j\ rf) "^St
j^ regnlnr'y £1.25 £/2jj?;><Jj|5 fj IhV — . pum- Cf VjC 5
t? — ti-d'y S9C £3^?^Si§ // M .Mt\ ner; *v ~ *q
}C AH-SW< iSFwf? S\ Saving t>er box 6c. TTshiG Only '37: saved on on 's cf Byt3 Z\ inche* wH«:Jwt 2.T0 h thii §
I tXti™ ' M 11 Soap, uWtk. b s™™ ? £ Oov*ra££5S,?££rX3! S!..™-.^±!..?!f.!!^.^ t
*irr£?.f'" 3 Cakes Z St™,:™TvioS $1.13. **n*c«y>»«ii* I
1 $&i^^^fj?if utiilitliiii! gii^^^Stl mmm* i
llflill Alt of ®ur 75G\P$s&se8§> s&i.f- Ii
I %"™fu ppp§ ost gage To-Ba& 54c. !§pl$g fg$> |
I f»f arls •**"*' •' ?'«!•«!"«- Buy enough for an outing costume and save $,.26. The headlines tell °i*» <°.":.?"> «i* S>fT I
ft adya ,, , 1 1 • m i -j • 1.1. 1. u j sewed flexihe aole3, /* A &
Jf AJ'-Linen Bureau and Sideboird Scarfs. the story; ever? luo, per yard piece of p. aid in the stoe, 11AW Shades pood Talne ?2 .00 shoes, J^sJ §
ft* ' 18x72 inches, stamped with new doizns, of pravs. browns tans, etc., together with a lot of styli3h Granite Friday en fv, vct/\\^^ %
» flashed with rice drawn wrk r » very Su5ttngs 9 V/ffsreaux and OFa&onafs, which are &J9— pa* $1^5'^^ %
i we° a 7 Srly" 40c and Toe each-o- sterling- values at 75c per yard, on special sale Friday only <^© f*| Aisie-H iS M of Entrance. ' |
g dny..'. • 29C ================= :?
% Bargain Table— Main Aisle. p«s*r it /— ». m *«
If ~ trBBd& ww&&ird Specials, A« P wHiL,tfor *
g LSI* ?ood. strong boards, for # W*L9<&3? <&£ M<S8&B B~rB**& B c!e and , ; |
£ £»*»"~~»<r# 5° me ° r t e Z m a V r t - nS V Stylish, seasonable, corded pique Wash Fabrics-stripea in the new ™* ' * *'¦<>'• fi
j Btorat^^.£«*$. blueg> pink> etCM dainty a p nd up Jo date in every respsct £ 8p , endid smnv-oam Han,, best E£- I
* &£?Gm 20x36 inches, yard mens- 20c value, and hot an undesirable color in the lot. On 4ffftc* Salmon BoHios, plcklVl.... ''
$¦ crement >e=^z7 x ; > special sale Friday OltBy per yard «•*'** J3 folr'ioo "*
K on one /^^^^~—^__TlZp'^ Buy enough for a Suit Gild S.VC $i .OO. P/ffS* Foot, Armour's, pickled, in >t
If Blde » J £li^''' ua **~ a ™y • halvea 3 for Wo <g
£ regy- / 4Sfggggrsa--~^y Mo!rs' Fansy Pickles, nixed, $
|£ lary <Jri...^ — -!:-—¦¦_ . — -^nzS 'it"- * rpai" <nr chow-chow and onions, full pint bot- ft
* n £w a »nnfv 6fio S&ff© ®f IF8B$1B §£g&WG& a ties. ... 1.23a *
K —Friday only 69a n..~~***m n** rg.i* vu^^s. Standard Oysters, Army and \f
tf House Furnishtngs-Maln Floor. One Quarter Off 7hiS Week. Nivv brand, 2-lb cans 19o %
K • Until losing tin? Saturday night, ou: entire line (as advertised I a^t Sunday) of Ladies' 3 Graham flour, Emporium b*st. H
&" Saving Oil these IOC each. to 24 button goves. in all style*, h b!ack, whits and opera shadas, at OTIG- 50-lb sacks,' to-Har 7So Z
*_-_,.„. a ED?c : a ii v ansrtcr off s*o&iifat* nricas. Flour, Whoe Wheat or Graham 3
£, Terr®&Ot€a*sv™,™l $i.25Glovei 94^ ?1?6 G'oves $1.39 ?3.00Glove9 $2.25 W-iusackWc %
i ff*ia<rBtarf(W<a S) nl S1.45 Gloves $1*G9 ? 2.00 Gloves §1.59 $3.25 Gove* $2.44 LzrcJ, best Oinaba Pure Leaf. g
I (GUSpa&®rS {J^gSS $L60G-dfi« $ZS;G«wi $1-69 M-OOGbvea $3.90 ' 3-lbtin30o J
I* f 3C GSChm Co'ta Guspi ?1.75 d-ves $1.32 ?2.50 Gloves $1.88 P/! ait Ext raCt. Liebijr's. tho K enu- «
§ dors, raided " stic g^|^ . " " ine. re^arly $2.25 per doien, to-da^ |
I iT^Sr #Pi§ Apiece -WWM? SUl^MilM Snt
J. each-fr/cfay \S&^/ g u j tj> «3 New Lot, Kentncky Bourbon, to-day $1.93%
£ <£"K-' Dep : t-Rear Main Floor. $1.53. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. $f.QO. Main Floor-Rear. g
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
the Sunday-call y^y^yyy^
XMVW\ LEADS THEM ALL z;:^^^^^^
SvW\V\| IN NEXT 'VVVVVV'
\V\v| JUNE 3. 1900. ////
— -N How I Saved the Life of m —
EVERY n z . . n . THE;
— — Porfino Diaz. — ¦ —
PAGE B7 A ic coney. I LEADING
EVERY a San Francis:an's Experiences at the 1LLUS-
Paris Exposition. vtrmn,
STORY By COL. H I KOWALSKY. IKAiLU
EVERY What the Interior of the California Dead • SUNDAY
_. qaarters ia Paris Locks Like. papfr
¦i-lilt From photographs taken tpeclaHy rAfLK
| for the Sunday Call.
WSLL OF
— — Thrilling Adrentnres in the Police Dept. |
INTEREST — THE
How I Trained a Donkey t> Act
YOUi ; B y reSRIS hartman. WEST.
The Statues ib America's Host X.
Ji the Park teenm. Be?ntifol Building. |\\
i Bui'diag Boats for the Nayj. !a\\\\\
I By PHILIP HICHBORN, U. S. N. }V\VVVV
///////\ BOOKS, HCTION AND "OF INTEREST 'NSvXXXV
/y//V// TO WOMEN -" !^oOCv\x\
/^^^^^Z^ FIVE CENTSHermann's Sons' Picnic.
HOLDS NO iECRLT MEETING
Editor The Call— Dear Sir: In an edi
torial In to-day's Issue of The Call, en
titled "Hiding From the' Public," appears
the Inquiry. "Why should the Civil Ser
vice Commission hold secret meetings?"
On behalf of the Civil Service Commis
sion permit me to state that the meetinsa
of the commission are open to the pub
lic. Regular weekly meetings of the com
mission are held Monday evenings at the
office of the commission In the City Hall,
and informal meetings are held almost
daily at 4 p. m. at the same place. Rep
resentatives cf the press are cordially in
vited to attend.
Moreover, rule 1?, a<fc»pted and pub
lished by the Civil Service Commission
February 9. 1000, provides that "all the
books, records, answers, •> ratings and
papers pertaining to examinations or
other proceedings shall be open to the
inspection of any citizen."
Furthermore, rule 8. adopted and pub
lished by the Civil Service Commission
February 9, 19W. provides that "all ex
aminations shall be absolutely impartial
and shall be conducted under the super
vision of the commission with the utmost
publicity and freest competition, without
any cost or expense to any applicant "
Kindly give this statement publicity In
your columns and ob4ige, yours verv truly
J. RICHARD FREl'P. *
President Civil Service Commission.
San Francisco, May 31. 1900.
TThe Call, in the editorial mentioned
above, did not claim that the Civil Ser
vice Commission held secret sessions. It
simply asked the question generally:
"Why should the Civil Service Commis
sion, the Election Commission and the
Board of Education, tor example, hold
secret meetings?"!
MAGDALEN AbYLUM INMATE
Editor The Call^Dear Sir: In Monday's
Issue of The Call, In the article on the
Wycoff case, you say there are now 7-»
Inmates of the Magdelen Asylum,
whereas there are only 5O <fiftv>" who
were sent here from the courts. IJy cor
recting above mistake you will confer a
favor on yours sincerely in our T.r>rd.
SISTERS OF MERCY.
Magdalen Asylum. I'otrero avenue and
Twenty-first street. May ~K 10u>.
¦ ? ¦
A Transferable Tale
"And what did he say when he heard
that story?"
"Oh. he laughed heartily.
"What, at himself?"
"No. You see. I put you In his places-
Boston Courier.
Relaxation
Casey— There's throuoie over a:
Casey-A""S 1 rnl| a v foight.'
Costigan— Shure. thot s not throuble;
thot's enjyemer.t-Judge.
r *
Escape Flats.
Quericus— Let's see; the married men
all have better halves, don't they?
Cynicus — Yes.
Querlcus — Then what do the bachelors
have?
Cynlcus— Better quarters.— Puck.
¦ ? ¦
OLEOMARGARINE AND BUTTER.
SECRETARY GAGE, in response to a request
from t^ie House- of Representatives, recently
submitted to that body a report of the Com
missioner of Internal Revenue concerning the nature
and comparative quantities of ingredients that enter
into the composition of oleomargarine. The state
ment gives the. materials used for that purpose dur
ing the year ending June 30, 1890, as follows:
Materials. Pounds. Per cent.
Neutral lard Sl.297,251 34.27
Oleo oil : 24.401.769 : 26.82
Cottonseed oil..... 4,357,514 . 4.77
Sesame , 4S6.310 0.53
Coloring matter 14 c !,370 - 0.16
Sugar ;•; 110.164 0.12 '
Glycerin S.9G3 . 0.01
; Stearir.e '. - 5,800 0.007
Glucose '..", i 2.550 0.003
Milk :...... 14.200.376 15.55
Salt ;.. /... 6.773.670 7.42
Butter oil 4,342.P0J 4.76
Butter '.; 1.5CS.319 , 1.72
Cream ; 3,527,410 - 3.S6
• Totals .......> 31.322,260 100.00
The dairymen are- said to be not entirely satisfied
with the report because it does not show the quan
tities and kinds' of chemicals used in coloring and
flavoring the product so as to make it resemble but
ter. It has been explained, -however, that if chemi
cals are used, as the dairymen assert, they are em
ployed in the preparation of the ingredients, and are
therefore really included in the table given.
Secretary Knight of the' Dairymen's Union is re
ported by the Philadelphia Record to have calculated
the cost of the material given in the report and con
cluded that oleomargarine can be produced at' the
factory at a little less than eight cents a pound. If
that be, correct there is a big»profit in selling it under
thename of butter at butter, prices.
While the list of ingredients shows that no in
jurious substances are used" in the composition of
oleomargarine, it is evident an injustice is done when
il is marketed as butter. No article should be per
mitted to be sold under a. false label. There are'many
worse frauds in the way of foodstuffs than, oleomar
garine, but even that pica is no defense for the wrong
done to the dairymen when It is passed off upon the
public as genuine butter.
Crown Prince Frederick William of Prussia °has
joined the First Regiment of Feotguards as a private
in the ranks, but woe be to the officer: above him
who treats him as a°soldier instead of a Prince.
SOME OBLIGING POLITICIANS
WASHINGTON people, according to a New
York visitor to the capital, are notable for their
courtesy and for their ignorance. Everybody
in the city, he says, is polite and obliging, but in?
asmuch as they know nothing accurately and are too
lazy to learn it, the politeness is- not only inefficient,
but is more harmful than helpful. Any one in Wash 1
tngton, he says, will stop and courteously answer
your questions and give you directions to any place
you wish to go. but they never direct you rightly.
As an illustration of these characteristics of the peo
ple he tells this story: "The evening of the day I
landed in Washington I was standing by the Arling
ton Hotel when a gentleman, evidently a stranger,
came dashing up in a tremendous hurry. He hailed
one of the cabmen and asked where the Public Li
brary was. Did the cabman hesitate? Not for a mo
ment. Touching his hat with the suavity of a Ches
terfield, he pointed up the street and told the man that
it was on Seventeenth street. And he, poor devil!
went running up the street so fast that he didn't hear
me as I yelled after him that it was away down be
low Fourteenth street, in exactly the opposite direc
tion. I went up to the cabman and said: 'Why did
you say that? You don't know where the Public Li
brary is, do you?' He was unmoved. 'Well, sah.' he
returned, in the gentle Washington voice, 'I can't say
as I do know, exactly, but the gentleman seemed so
anxiousl didn't want to disappoint him.' "
The discovery of these traits ! almost universally
among the residents cf the national capital is interest
ing. . It furnishes one of the best illustrations on
record of the influence of statesmen upon those
among whom they live. For years the American
politician has been noted for his willingness to give
advice, counsel and direction upon any. subject un
der the sun withaw^ knowing anything about it;
When the public shows itself anxious for information
the statesman will not disappoint him. Thus at this
moment we are being politely informed how to deal
with the Philippines, how to regulate trusts, how to
interfere in the South African war, and how to con
trol railroads, by courteous orators ; who know no
more about any of those things than the Washing r
ton cab-driver knew about the location of the Public
Library. o o
What polite but- inefficient cab-driver in Washing
ton or elsewhere was ever more: ready to give direc
tions than Bryan, for example? In „ what .direction
does any class of American people wish to go, but
what some, obliging politician is ready to point out
the way. merely to avoid disappointing Jhe anxious?
About the only interest people take in Towne's
position as candidate tor Vice President on the Bryan
ticket is to see whether he will take the toboggan
slide gracefully qr get oft* like a man who has stepped
on a banana-peel. '
Chinese Returns From the Dead.
Bernard Stahl. the well-known New
York -cigar manufacturer, while in this
city recently outfitting the ill-fated La
tuya Bay mining expedition, in which he
was heavily interested, told of a remarkable
accident he witnessed while crossing the
Pacific in the old side-wheel steamship
Niantic in 1874. He was just fresh from
school at the time and had accepted the
invitation of a young Japanese of good
family who had been his classmate to re
turn with him to Japan for a visit of sev
eral months. Incidentally it might be
stated that three days after their arrival
in Japan the Jap borrowed Stahl's pistol
and blew his own brcins out because his
sweetheart had forgotten him during his
absence and had married another fellow.
But that Is another story.
It was on tfte outward voyage that the
incident happened that Mr. Stahl related
to a group of friends at the Palace one
evening. It appears that the Niantic ran
into a big storm that amounted almost to
a hurricane. During the worst part of
the blow a Chinese sailor, who was at
work on the fore mainsail yard, was
wrenched from his perch and thrown
headlong into the sea. Just ahead of the
port paddle box. The pea was too rough
to put down a boat. As nothing was seen
of the Chinese after he struck the water,
he was given up as lost, and a note to that
effect was entered in the log. It was sev
eral .hours before the storm subsided and
the ship put' on J her course. Then the
chief engineer ordered the paddle boxes
opened to see if any damage was done.
Imagine the astonishment of the oilers
whon they found the unfortunate sailor's
body in the port paddle box, lying limp
across a timber just out of reach of the
wheel. The body was dragged out and
turned; over to the. surgeon, who soon
found that the man was only stunned and
had sustained no serious injury. When
on the following day the sailor was put
back to work among his fel'ows they re
fused to associate with him. claiming that
he was a spirit returned from the dead.
Mr. Stahl vouches for the truth of this
strange story and refers to Captain How
ard, now superintendent of the Oceanic
Steamship Company, but then master of
tne Niantic,- for verification. Captain
Howard says that he has a vague recol
lection of such an Incident, but cannot
say certainly, as in those days there were
so many strange things and be had so
much .else to think about that he did not
tax his. mind to remember stories of
Chinamen.
THE EMPRESS flND TI-jE BOXERS
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ANGEL ISLAND— M. H.. Reed Station,
Cal. The area of Angel Island, in the bay
of San Francisco, is 743 acres.
GREECE-TURKEY— Subscriber, City.
For the details of the Greek-Turkish
peace treatv see Answers to Correspond
ents, May 20, 1900.
MADE IN PHILADELPHIA — Reader.
City. All United States coins that do not
bear a mint mark were coined at the
parent mint in Philadelphia.
TO REMOVE HAIR— J. S., City. Any
veterinary surgeon will supply you with a
preparation to remove hair from live
stock without injury to the hide.
AT BADGERS PARK-E.. City. The
last games by the Caledonian Club at
Badgers Park, in East Oakland, -were
played on the last Saturday in May. 1SS4.
A BACK ACCOUNT— Boonville. Cal.
Without a knowledge of the character of
the account alluded to in your communi
cation. It is impossible to give an answer.
CIVIL SERVICE — Subscriber, City.
"Civil service" in the United States is ap
plied to the executive branch of the public
service to distinguish it from the military,
naval, legislative and judicial branches.
POSTAL CLERKS— R.. Vallombrosa.
Cal. There are postal clerk3 on the rail
way between Tiburon and Ukiah whose
duty it is to assort the mall between sta
tions. There are also such clerks on trans
continental lines;
ALL COSSACK— A Subscriber. City. In
a conversation at St. Helena, reported by
Las Cases, under date of April S. 1S16. Na
poleon paid: "In the present state of
things all Europe can become in ten years
Cossack or Republican."
MONEY TO VOLUNTEERS— H. L. H.
House bill 7333, providing for the payment
of certain sums to be paid to volunteers
discharged in Cuba, Hawaiian Islands and
the Philippines, was referred to the Com
mittee on Military Affairs.
THE O'NEILLS— M. M.,CIty. If you de-
Fire to know If Daniel and Richard
O'Neill, born in Ireland and who went to
England in 171S or 1719, left any estate,
write to the clerk of the Supreme Court
of "Ad judicature, London, England.
EGG SHAMPOO— Subscriber. City. In
an egg shampoo the yolk and the white are
used. Both are considered beneficial in
that th«> shampoo having been used, it re
quires considerable effort to cleanse the
hair, and it is in that effort that the bene
fit comes in.
TRAVEL PAY— E. S.. City. The bill
providing for the allowance of travel pay
to volunteer soldiers in the Philippines,
at the time of the treaty of peace with
Spain, from that point to San Francisco,
has been referred to the Committee on
War Claims.
THE CEMETERIES— D. H.. Sebastopol.
Cal. The proposition in relation to ceme
teries in San Francisco was to close the
same after a certain date and prevent
any burials, and was to apply to all ceme
teries. As yet no action has been taken
in that direction.
PENSION, W. H. H.. Corning, Cal.— If
a man who enlisted in the war of the re
bellion became incapacitated while in the
service and was discharged from the ser
vice for physical dlsabilitv, if he could
show that the disability arose while in the
service and not through his own negli
gence, ho would be entitled to present his
claim for a pension.
PAWNBROKERS— W. R., Monterey.
Cal. If you have been imposed upon by
a pawnbroker in Los Angeles in a man
ner that amounts to a crime and wish to
have him punished, you cannot write to
any officer in that city to commence an
action against the offender, as the rlirht
to prosecute cannot be delegated If it
is a matter that involves a civil' action
communicate with an attorney. v -"«"
TO REDUCE FLESH-Subscriber Red
; Bluff, Cal. This department cannot rec
ommend any particular treatment to one
who desires to reduce flesh, as It requires
; information about an individual before
, the proper method can be determined
I upon. What might be excellent lrT one
case might be detrimental in another
The proper thing for a person who has*
too much flesh is to consult a flMtph«
physician and follow 1 his orders.
SWISS-ITALIAN-J. E. J.. King City
Cak A Swiss-Italian is a native of Switz
erland, born of Italian parents, or an
Italian who has become a citizen 7»f
Switzerland. Of the languaw-. sSn ?n
Switzerland in sixteen cfntoifs the P^va"
lent tongue is a difficult Alemanian dialect
called Swiss-German, or Swiss; in five it
Is a French dialect; in one it is an Italian
dialect, and in Graubuden bne-ha?f of he
people use the Ladln. which a,e the dia
lects of Rheto-Romanics In the Rhetian
and Carnic Alps. •.
RATS— R., Vallombrosa, Cal. In the
United States there is the black rat (Mils
rattus), an immigrant from the old world
in the sixteenth century; the brown or
Norway rat, as it Is improperly called
(Mus deounmnus), whieh invaded this
country in 177o; the roof or white bellied
rat (Mus tectorum), the Florida rat
(Neotoma Floradiana), and the cotton rat
(Sigmodon htspidus), so named from its
use of cotton in forming its nest. The
house and wharf or sewer rats are of the
same species, but the sewer rats are usu
ally larger and fiercer. The wood rat Us
a spefcies of the brown rat. The black rat
was first discovered in England, the white
bellied rat first made Us appearance In
Alexandria. Egypt, and the Norway rat
was first discovered in Western China." .
MVT GOODWIN', now playing at the
Columbia Theater in "When We
Were Twenty-one," was in story
telling mood the night of his ar
rival, and for two <jr three hours after the
show he helped drive dull care out of the
heads of a half dozen men gathered about
the round table in a corner of the Palace
bar. One of the many webs of mirth
which he spun goes as follows:
"You know that occasionally I gamble —
Just by way of recreation— stocks, horses,
prizefights, and even a bit on the green
cloth. 'A few days before I left New York
on my present tour I called upon a friend,
a stock broker, to watch the ticker and
the tape, for I have been interested at
various times of my life in ice and to
bacco—in the days before the trusts.
Alongside of me sat a tall, uncouth fel
low, with the burrs buried so deeply in
his hair that they clung to his scalp. 'A
piker.' said I to myself, and every time
that machine ticked he would growl au
dibly but indistinctly. The ticks on my
machine were none too rhythmic and joy
provoking, and I lost patience, so, squar
ing my shoulders and sticking out my
front, I walked up to him and said:
" 'Say, can't you keep quiet? Be glad.
You're only a piker. If you can't stand
the strain, why, quit it. How much have
you lost— $5?'
" 'We 1 .!, I guess you're right.' came the
slow, painful, drawling response. 'I
think I -will quit for to-day. I'm a farmer,
and I guess I'd better go back to my
ranch. It's a good one, too, and I can
make more money that way than hanging
over this darned thing. I've lost 5350,000
to-day, and it sort of pinches.'
"Well," continued the comedian, "I
turned on my heels and went away. Guess
I was the piker."
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, May 31.— F. A. West of
San Francisco is at the Holland. Claus
Sprerkels of San Francisco is at the Fifth
avenue. S. D. Lucas of Los Angeles Is at
the Hoffman.
CAXIFORNTANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May 31.— Miss L. J.
Fairchlld. Miss Gertie Hatch and Miss
Mabel Bottfried of Los Angeles are at
the Shoreham; Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Ilun
saker of Los Angeles are at the Raleigh;
G. C. Earl of San Francisco is at the
Arlington; A. G. Towne of San Francisco
is at the Raleigh.
THE MONUMENT AT /1NT1ETAM.
WHEN the historian of the future appraises the
statesmanship of the leaders of this generation
it is probable he will give the highest place
to those who by their work and by their words so
directed legislation and molded public opinion that all
feelings of animosity between the contending forces
of the Civil War passed away within the lifetime of
the men that fought it. When it is recalled how prone
the human heart is to cherish bitter memories, how
easily passions are aroused and how difficult it is -for
the kindly voices of peace and good will to get a hear
ing amid the strifes and antagonisms of the world, it
will be conceded that those who preached peace in the
North and in the South merit the gratitude of the
people, and praise at least as high as that given to
any other measure of statecraft in our time.
It is a matter of gratification that among the leaders
who were influential in bringing about the era of
good feeling were men of both sections and of all
parties. General Grant set the hearts of Northern
men to beating in the right way to the right senti
ment in his famous declaration, "Let us have peace."
Charles Sumner, Avith less tact and sagacity, but with
an equal earnestness, sought to achieve the same end
when he proposed to have the name of battles in the
Civil War erased from the national standards. " That
movement on the part of the Senator from Massachu
setts is a curious illustration of how little human na
ture is regulated by logic. Sumner believed, and
logically he was right, that there could be no genuine
reconciliation between the North 1 and the South un
til the battles between them were forgotten, but the
event has proved that battle memories have been more
potent in restoring unity of sentiment to the men of
the rival hosts than anything- else. In no single in
stance have there been unde'r other conditions any
such demonstrations of friendliness among the vet
erans o( the blue and the gray as have occurred at
gatherings upon famous battlefields.
The process of reconciliation has gone on by de
grees, slow at first, but now following one another
rapidly. It is only a few years ago that a proposal to
return the battle flags of the Southern States was re
ceived in the North with an outburst of indignation,
but recently "the same proposal ha> been put forth
again, and received this time if not with approval at
least with something very different from anger. The
change in public sentiment on that point is significant
of the recent growth of liberality on both sides, and
serves as a measure fcr estimating the swiftness with
which the old-time animosity is dying out.
; Perhaps the most notable illustration of the pres
ent ° sentiment qjl the people on the subject is that
which was afforded by the dedication on Memorial
day of a monument at Antietam erected to the mem
cry of those who died for the South as well as for
those who died for Ihe North. The significance of
such a monument was made the more impressive by.
the presence during the ceremonies of the President
cf the United States, himself a soldier in the Union
army during the battle. The country has read with
full approval his short speech, and the people share
with him the gladness which he expressed in the
words: "I am glad to preside over a nation of 80,000,
oco people more united than they have ever been. TI12
achievements of that war are the heritage of there
who failed and those who prevailed. When we went
to war two years ago the men of the South vied with
the men of the North in bravery. Together the men
of the North and the South are standing to-day fcr
the flag that we love and which proudly waves over
us all."
A Democratic candidate for the office of Railroad
and Warehouse Commissioner in Missouri is said to
be making his campaign by singing coon songs in
stead of making speeches, and perhaps that is as good
a way of dodging the calamity platform in a year of
prosperity as any that could be devised.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Colonel F. Bridgman, a retired officer in
the United States army, is registered at
the Occidental. y
J. II. Lanagan, a mining man of Den
ver, accompanied by his wife and son, is
a gruest at the Occidental.
"William A. Pinkerton, the head of the
Chicago detective agency of that name, is
at the Palace on his semi-annual visit.
Colonel T. McGregor of the Ninth Cav
alry, a noted Indian fighter, is in the city
on a short leave of absence. He will re
main here about a month.
Fred A. Kribs and C. A. Smith, capital
ists of Minneapolis, are stopping at the
Occidental. They are visiting this city to
confer with coast mining men.
J. C. Stuhbs and William F. Herrin will
leave for New York this evening. They
will attend the session of the Railroad
Commission in "Washington and present
the Southern Pacific's side in the case of
the orange-growers against the railroad
companies.
CHINATOWN AND THE CHANCES.
DR. SHRADY in defining the situation in re
spect to bubonic plague in Chinatown, and
pointing out the lesson to be learned from it,
sr.id in his signed statement published in The Call
yesterday: 'The few cases which have already
occurred, as adding to the ordinary mortality statis
tics, are of comparatively trivial moment in them
selves. We are simply called to count chances for the
future."
The two propositions in that statement should be
noted with equal care by the people. In the first
place let it be impressed upon all that the sporadic
cases of the piague which have been discovered do not
in any Way justifj* a panic or even alarm; still less
do they afford any grounds for establishing a quaran
tine against San Francisco, or for doing any injury to
trade and business. The only effect which these
cases should have upon the public mind is that of
arousing a determination on the part of the people
and the municipal authorities ; to clean out Chinatown
and compel the Chinese to obey the sanitary regula
tions of the city.
We are called upon to count chances for the future.
In making that count no one who has even such a
knowledge of Chinatown as can be obtained by look
ing at it from the streets that pass through it can fail
to perceive that the count will show more chances
against the health of the city than for it so long as
the present conditions prevail. Where a few cases
of bubonic plague have occurred the chances are that
more may occur: where that pestilence breaks out
the chances are other pestilences may have their
source. Where there are filth and vice, ignorance and
superstition, rotten food, vile habits and customs of
utter abomination there are more chances of- disease
than of health. In counting for the future that much
of the odds against us can be neither denied nor
evaded.
The outer aspect of Chinatown, however, gives but
a slight knowledge cf the foulness within the build
ings and beneath the ground. As under the base
ments of the houses there are cellars, and below the
cellars still deeper depths of dismal burrows, so be
neath the outward dirt and grime of the place and the
manifest showing of vice and degradation there are
deeps of foulness which are unspeakable in the Eng
lish language. In the fetid tunnels and passages there
are habitations so pestilential that an opening into
the foulest sewers of the city is regarded as a venti
lation. Nothing but the smell of burning punk sticks
enables even Chinese to tolerate the atmosphere, and
only the smoke that pervades it prevents the air from
exhaling death to all who breathe it.
Over that district, occupying the very heart of the
city, sloping down from the residences of millionaires
on California Hill to the great avenues of trade on
Kearny and Montgomery streets, Chinatown forms a
slum from whose emanations there is hardly any es
cape. Over it the fire and the sanitary regulations of
the city are unknown. Elsewhere the ordinances pro
viding for proper sewerage, plumbing, pure air. clean
liness and protection against fire are enforced. In
ChinatowrVthey are not enforced now nor have they
ever been enforced. So far as sanitary laws are con
cerned-this central spot in San Francisco might as
well be in China itself.
The issue before us is that of cleaning out China
town and keeping it clean. If that can be achieved in
a thorough manner without resorting to radical
measures, let it be so: but whatever is done should be
thorough. The health authorities should overhaul
even' building in the district, close up all the under
ground passages, and then give notice to' the owner
that until the building has been disinfected and re
arranged in accord with the sanitary laws of the city
no tenant will be permitted to occupy it. In no part
of San Francisco is it more imperative that the health
and fire ordinances should be enforced than in this
district, where they have been wholly ignored. In
that respect there must be a radical change in the
loliey of the administration of the city. The appear :
ancc of a few cases of bubonic plague is. as Dr.
Shrady says, "of little moment" in itself, but we are
now counting chances for the future and we cannot
afford to take ?:ny such hazard as that which is con
tained in Chinatown under its present conditions.
It is pleasant to learn'that the Germans do not like
lie plan of retaliation proposed in Congress as a
neans of petting even with the German meat bill. It
vas just for the purpose of displeasing them that the
i1"5n \vn« riev'iQpH
FRIDAY JUNE I, I9«
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Add ess All Commur.iea ions to W. S. LEAKE. Wan»s«r.
PIBLICATIOX orFICE..MarUtl and Tblrd. *. V.
Trlrphanr Main ISO'S.
EDITORIAL IIOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Mnin 1874.
Delivered by Carrier*. in Cent« Per Week.
Hr.jrle Copte*. Ti Cents.
Term* by Mnll. Including Postaipci
DAILT CALL (including Sr.-dsy). one year SJ-00
DAILY CALL <lncladin» SurUay). « months S DO
DJULY CALL <lncl-jdin« Sur.day). 3 month* *--fJ
DAILY CALL— By Single Month "g
6TNDAY CALL One Year \™
WEKKLT CALL One Year... LW
All pottmsitfri are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
6*.3-.pie ecpSes will be forwarded when re<rue»ted.
OAKUM) OFFICE 1118 Broadivmy
' C GEORGE KR0GNES3,
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Suiting. Chicago.
tLoss Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDED":
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
NTTW YORK KErRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN 3. SVITH 30 Tribune Biding
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fhenr.nn Hcuoe: P. O. News Co.; <Jreat Northern Hotel;
Fremont lieu**; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- A ft orla Hotai; A. Brenta.no. »1 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON !D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hote
MORTON t. CRANE, Correspond ent.
OltAKOM OFFICES — 127 Montgomery, corner of Clay, op-n
until 5:30 o'clock. 800 Hayva. open until S:3C o'clock. C3
UcAHlcter, open until »:S0 o'clock. £1£ Larkln. open until
*:S0 ©'cluck. 1»«1 M'rsion, opeu until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 109« Valencia, open
until * o'clock. 106 Eleventh, cpea until J o'clock. SW cor
ner Twenty-aeoond and Kentucky, open until ( o'clock.
Graduating exercises of the California
School cf Mechanical Arts were held yes
terday in the large drawing room of the
institution at the corner of Utah and Six
teenth streets.
Horace Davis, president of the board of
directors, presided, and after a benedic
tion by Rev. Dr. Woodward of Trinity
Methodist Church, he made a brief ad
dress to the audience. President Davia
then announced some changes in the
board of trustees. John O. Earl, one of
the original trustees of the school and a
personal appointment of James Lick, its
loander. died in January last, and A. S.
Hallidie. aiso named by the founder,
passed away recently. Dr. Horatio Steb
bins has resigned to go East to remain
some years and Frank. J. Symmcs,
Charles A. Murdock and E. B. Pond have
been chosen to till the vacancies. These
gentlemen, with James Spiers and Mr.
Davis, will form the board of trustees.
The following programme was then
given: Violin solo, intermezzo from "Ca
valleria Rusticana." Sidney F. Samish;
address, Frank J. Symmes; vocal solo, se
lected. Miss Marcia Baylor; piano solo,
"Le Reve." Miss Ella Michael.
Trustee Spiers made a few remarks ana
complimented the school on its efficiency,
lie gave the graduates some good advice
and closed by wishing them the success
in the world that they had estat ashed as
students of the school.
Principal Merrill, after the exercises,
presented the diplomas to the successful
pupils. He spoke of the enrollment of the
school, saying that the next class of be
ginners will be organized Monday, July 30.
and that the number of boys admitted
will be limited to seventy-Jive. Applica
tions have been received and accepted up
to that number and many more are on
file. It is not probable that all will qual
ify and there will probably be twenty
places for which a competitive examina
tion will be held July 27. The school haa
an enrollment of 31V. which Is more by
tifty than can be accommodated.
Following la a list of the graduates:
; Courses of dressmaking and millinery — Grace
Elizabeth Hortop. Gertrnda Isabella Ketels,
Hilda Kraus, Ella Michael. San Francisco.
Course of industrial art-Lily Augtista An
derson. Edna Frances Talcott, San Francisco.
rourse of patternmakins— Oeorge Frederick
Heekman, Swapere Station, liumboldt County;
Frederick William Lurmann, San Francisco;
Wallace Atwell Scott, Madison. Yolo County.
Machine shop course— Ertgar LeRcy Gurney,
Poulsbyvllle. Tuolumne County; Niels Almy
Larsen. Alameda. Alameda County; Richard
Ouw, San Francisco: Walter Scott Sibbald.
Santa Rosa. Sononr.a County.
Course of machine drawing— Charles Josepn
McLaren. James Jo.^ph Walsh. San Francisco.
Course of architectural drawing— Fred Charles
Lebenbaum, San Francisco.
Course of industrial chemistry — Jobn Andrew
Hammond. Charles Lachman. San Francisco.
Collegiate preparatory course — Hazel L«
Francis Hobson, Mill Valley. Marin County;
Charles Warren Backe. D-? Witt Williams Bi»
bee. San Francisco: Clifford Esmond Cnpi^ins,
Isema. Siskiyou County; Walter Levi Forward.
Sun Diego. San Diego County; Charles Deerln?
Kaeding. Drytown. Amador County; SUIney
Frar.kltn Pamish. Alarr.eda, Alameda County;
Arthur Wilson Sobey, San Franci3co; Harry
Fink White, Fr~«no. Fresno County; George
Samuel Young, San Francisco.
Certificate for preliminary course — Richard
Clark Benson, San Francisco; John Sv^rmun-i
Blowskii. Oakland. Alameda County; Lawrence
Emory De Toe. Modesto. Stanislaus County;
Albert Morton Folsom, Frederick William Hil
ton. Louis Edward Jackson. Newton Stan.lish
Kelsey, William Walter Kohlbers, William
Thomas Reil'y, San Francisco,
Successful Young Men and
Women Pupils Made
Happy.
Closing I>ay Exercises of the School
for Boys and Girls Founded
by the Philanthropist,
James Lick.
MECHANICAL ART
GRADUATES ARE
GIVEN DIPLOMAS
PRESIDENT JORDAN'S
Reply to
FATHER YORKE.
>
Referring to Father Torke's ar
ticle on "The Smaller Colleges,
published in The Call of Thursday.
Dr. Jordan said:
I find the article very in
teresting indeed and in many
respects I fully agree -with
the gifted writer. I have never
consciously gone out of my
way to depreciate smaller col
leges, whether Catholic or
Protestant, and I have not
the slightest interest in big
ness for bigness' sake.
I am sure that Father
Yorke does not mean that
either in the excellent college
of St. Mary's, or yet in Stan
ford professors are selected
by the kind of "pull" which
was once in vogue in the
schools of San Francisco. If
he will look into this matter
he will find a difference, and
one in which St. Mary's and
Stanford stand side by side.
I may also remind Father
Yorke that I have never said,
anything about the education
at Stanford being better than
any other form of education.
It is as good as the Stanford
teachers know how to make it,
and with that conviction our
boasting ends. We have our
own theories of education and
its relation' to "success in
life." These are not exclu
sive, and I am glad that Cali
fornia is broad enough to de
velop forms of education along
other theories.
The State needs the help of
all, and as good, citizens we
rejoice in the progress of St.
Mary's and Santa Clara and
their sister colleges as we re
joice in our own.
TELE SAX FllAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 1, 1000.
6
ASIA has ever teen a land of the mysterious.
Its people are like the ocean, incessantly
mutable, yet unchanged from age to age. It
is a land where almost anything may happen except
improvement. We are having at this moment a
striking illustration of its incomprehensible ways.
While America and Europe are bu?y making plans for
the partition or the preservation of China, and are
talking gravely of the future of Chinese trade and
Chinese development, behold there comes up from the
depths of its population a force which, rolling forward
like a tidal wave in the sea, threatens to sweep away
the existing order of things and leave behind it an
entirely new problem for diplomats to deal with.
Only a short time ago the "Boxers" were described
as a small but turbulent band of fanatics roused to
action by their hatred of what they call "foreign
devils." A little later it was announced that the band
had become dangerous and might cause disturbance in
ore or two seaports. Now it has grown to be an im
mense movement. It is no longer an insurrection. It
is a rebellion. It menaces not only seaports, but the
capital: not only foreigners, but the Government.
It i* supposed to have the sympathy of the Chinese
army. Nor is that all — the final Asiatic characteristic
is given to the situation by the report that the Em
press is on the side of the rebels and is aiding them in
the crusade
A rebellion sustained by the army and counte
nanced by the sovereign would be something extra
ordinary in Europe, but it is not notably strange in
Asia. In fact, the career of the Boxers thus far has
::ot been so remarkable as the career of the Empress
herself. That little eld woman called the Dowager
Tsi An is in many respects the mo<t wonderful crea
ture now living, and she is quite capable of organizing
a revolt against her Government for the purpose of
getting control of a power which will enable her to
alter the Government and remake it nearer to her de-
It is upward of forty years since the Empress fir^t
became noted for her talent for court intrigue and
made herself feared in Chinese politics. It is said she
was originally a slave girl and that her early suc
cesses were due to her skill in dancing and singing.
Cnce in an assured position, however, she proved
herself able to make others dance and sing to what
tune she pleased. Her diplomacy has shifted and
changed with the exigencies of the time, but on the
whole she is regard-d as the strongest foe of reform
in China, thoroughly devoted to the ancient civiliza
tion and a bitter opponent of a^'thing in the way of
foreign influence. When she has been compelled by
necessity to favor one or the other of the rival powers
seeking advantage in China it is said she has inva
riably inclined to Russia, but in the main she has
fought for her own hand, and Russia would have
nothing to hope for if she had her way.
It is against a Government headed by such a
woman, but largely controlled by persons adverse to
her pretensions, the Boxers are directing their re
volt. There is therefore nothing incredible in the re
port that the Empress gives them countenance. Asia
is simply working out one more mystery, and the
nations which have supposed they could deal with
China at their leisure may find action precipitated
upon them before the roses of the coming June fade
in the gardens.
It certainly was unkind of the footpad, who returned
his victim's watch, to say that the police ply the same
interesting trade in which he modestly admits success.
Any one of thousands of pedestrians can testify that
the police are not in evidence on the streets after the
lights go out. ~
It may never be necessary to burn any considerable
part of Chinatown to clean the plague spot, but it is
comfortable to remember that if nothing else prov
effective that will.
The street-car strike has Riven the people of St.
Louis one advantage— they will not Have to go out of
town to get pedestrian exercise by way of a holiday.
It looks as if Oom Paul had decided to adopt
Aguinaldo tactics and live to fight another day.
In every part of the United States such advisers are
common, but fortunately they do not congregate
anywhere except at the national capital. The Wash
ington people, therefore, are to be pitied rather than
condemned for their polite inefficiency. It is their
misfortune, not their fault, and it should be remem
bered they acquired the habit from statesmen elects)
r- *l. , ,
Governor Henry T. Gage Is at the Pal
ace. ,
The Rev. P. L,. C. Hansen of Portland Is
,*t the Lick.
Captain J. H. Roberts of Sacramento Is
¦Hi the Grand.
J. H. Batcher, an attorney of Sacra
mento. Is at the Grand:
The Rev. A. H. Jensen of Fcrndale, Cal.,
is stopping at the Lick.
George H. Stewart, a merchant of Los
Angeles, is at the Grand.
J. H. de Saria and wife of the City of
Mexico are guests at the Occidental.
Arthur L. Levlnsky-, an attorney and
politician of Stockton, Is stopping at the
Palace.
The local lodges of the German Order
of Hermann's Sons are, through their sev
eral committees, making arrangements
for an excursion and picnic at Sunset
Park next Sunday. As this will be In
celebration of the thirtieth anniversary
of the foundation of the order in Califor
nia; it is expected that the local lodges
will be joined by the membership of the
lodges' in Oakland, West Berkeley, Hay
wards. Livermore and San Jose. Grand
President Oscar Hocks will deliver the
oration at the grounds. The committee
expects that this will be one of the most
enjoyable picnics ever given under the
auspices of- the order.
Yosemite Commission to Meet.
The annual meeting cf the Yosemlte
Valley Commissioners Is to be held next
Wednesday, June 6, In the valley. All of
the commissioners, except AV. W. Foote,
who Is now In Paris, at the. Exposition,
will bo faresent. A large volume of busi
ness will be transacted and a number of
Important changes in the affairs of the
valley mayc take place.
Argonaut Degree.
California Camp No. 4, of the Ancient
Order of Argonauts, an offshoot of Cali
fornia Parlor, N. S. G. W., will this even
ing introduce a number of youngsters In
to the mysteries of the D degrees of the
Ancient Order.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Id atTownaend'g.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Matrl 10C •
A Neighborly Weakness.
Mrs. A— Are you troubled much In your
neighborhood with borrowtntr?
3.frs. B— Yes, a good deal, ikly neighbors
don't seem to have anything I want.— De-
troit Free Press.
Eepublican Delegates Choose Their
Boute.
The California delegates to th« Republican
National Contention at Philadelphia have an-
nounced as the official route the Central Pa-
cific, Union Pacific and Chicago and North-
western railways, and will leave San Fran-
rJsco June 12 at 10 a. m. on the "Overland
Limited," the «BV4-;hour flyer to Chicago. Tha
round-trip rate o£ tSS SO Is open to all. IX W.
Hitchcock, General Agent, Union Pacific, I
Montgomery street, Ban FranctMOk
AUCTION SALES.
Tlvoli— "The Three Guardsmen."
Orar.d Or*ra-house — "J4'<2."
Alcirar — "A SuD^rSuous Husband."
Oryheuin— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "When We Were Twenty-one."
California— "Captain Swift."
Olyrr.pia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Si>eclaKles.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— "L»jcia" and "Huguenots."
Sutro Baths— Open niehte.
Ehe'.l McunJ Park— State of Maine Picnic to-morrow.
AMUSEMENTS.
By Chase & lleuflenhall— This (Jay, at 1732 Market street,
Horsts.
•TTain Ditched and Engineer and
.*.'-- Fireman Killed.
WBECK NEAR WACO.
WACO. Texas. May 31.-The fast pas
senger train on the San Antonio and Ar
ansas Pass Railroad known as the
flyer," was wrecked thirty miles south
',, here *?:"!? ht b} * the washing out of a
bridge. Engineer John HInes and Fire
w^e'nffred! ™° ""^ N ° P—W™
Bound for Philadelphia.
¦ DENVER, May 31.-The Colorado-Phila
delphia Republican Club was organized
to-night with about 100 members to be-
Sln with. Earl B. Coe of the Denver
Times Is president. N The club Is organ
ized for the purpose of attending the Re
publican National Convention. A special
train will be secured, leaving Denver
June 14 or 15. The George W. Cook drum
corps, will accompany the club
Express Offices Bobbed.
MILES CITY, Mont.. May 3l._The
Northern Pacific Express offlcewas robbed
to-night of a $5000 package and $300 received
from the sale of a ticket. Frederick Mor
row, night operator, was acting for Sta
tion Agent ulpson and the money was
taken during Morrow's absence. = Two
strangers who were lurking about the sta
tion are missing. _ ;¦ — „
Valencia ' Clears forolfoxnei
SEATTLE. May' 31.— The steamer Valen
cia cleared this afternoon for CapeNome,
having on board 607 passengers and" 1000
tons of general freight. VLucky" Bald
win,- with a string of race horses and a
Vaudeville troupe, was a passenger.
Death of Mrs. Granger.
SUISUX,' May 31.— Mrs. Mary, P.- Gran
ger, a cousin" of Admiral Dewey, died' at
the hom6 of Mr. and' Mrs. A. L. Reed
Falrfleld; this morning. Deceased 1 was a
native of Mohtpeller. Vt.,, and wag 80
years of age., • ¦ . = . • . " : ;--
I>eath, of Captain Primrose.
SEATTLE, May ? 31:— Captain o W. H.
Primrose, one of the 0 best known steam
boat men on Puget Sound, drdpped dead
here to-day from heart disease. -
Ernest Hartmann, a Sailor, Commits
Suicide by Swallowing a Dose .
of Deadly Poison.
It Is rarely or ever that a sailor dies
for love. "Jack" generally has a sweet
heart in every port, and the one at the
place where his ship happens to be at
anchor Is the one he loves best. Ernest
Hartmann was an exception to this rule,
however. He was formerly a sailor; on
the revenue cutter Bear, but gave up. his
job In order to work at the Mall dock and
be near pretty Helen Johnson. Miss John
eon lives with Mrs. James Donahue at 524
First street and Hartmann also made his
home there. Mrs. Donahue is his sister.
A few days ago Hartmann asked Miss
Johnson to be his wife and .she refused.
Yesterday he heard she was to be married
In a few weeks to a friend, of his and
that broke his heart. He told a' friend
that life was not worth living without
Helen, and that he intended to end It all.
Yesterday morning he was found in an
unconscious condition in the rear of the
coal yard kej>t by James Donahue oh
First street, near Brannan. Beside him
was an empty two-ounce vial labeled
"Laudanum." Corporal Cockrlll was noti
fied and hurrying from the Mall dock to
the scene he at once gave Hartmann an
emetic. The ambulance was then sum
moned and the suicide sent to the Harbor
Jlospttal. Drs. Thorne and Bauer worked
over the man for two hours and at one
time it looked as though his life would
be saved. The poison had secured too'
great a hold upon him, however, and he
died at 6 p. m. ° . r v
TOOK HIS LIFE WHEN .'' -
REJECTED BY HIS LOVE
Attorney -Bert Schlesinger of the law
firm of Denson & Schlesinger announced
yesterday that he had been retained by
Julian Biddulph Arnold to resist the pend
ing proceedings for Arnold's extradition
to London to be tried on a charge of
embezzling $18,000.
Mr. Arnold has informed his attorney
that friends in London have advised him
that his creditors are using the proceed
ings in extradition as a threat against
his father, 0 Sir Edwin Arnold, to compel
Sir Edwin to pay the $18,000, otherwise
he and his' family 'would be disgraced by
the taking of Julian in Irons to London
on a felony charge.
0 Mri Schlesinger has addressed a mem
orial to the Secretary of State at {Wash
ington D. C.% laying- all the facts before
him and contending that the difficulty be~
tween the" prisoner and his creditors
ari«es out of a business transaction with
which" criminar courts can have nothing
to do. He asserts ihat- the money was
placed with Mr. Arnold, not as an Indi
vidual, but as a member, of the firm' for
the purpose of investment; = that Mr. Ar
•nold Invested Jt in tho name of the firm
and in the usual°course of business, and
that if, the creditors desire for
the loss of their money they should seek
if In the civil courts. - 2 • -°
Mr. Schlesinger further alleges that the
testimony offered Commissioner 3 Heacock
at the preliminary cexamination falls to
show any ° criminality whatsoever,' and
that the prisoner waived. examination by
the advice of his friends;and without the
benefit of • consultation ° with „ counsel
learned in the law. ¦ ¦ o „
To-day Mr.^ Schleslnger will apply to
United States "District Judge de Haven
tor a^wrlt of habeas corous. the oroceed-
Contends That His Shortage Is a
Matter for the Civil and Not*
for the Criminal
Writ of Habeas Corpus to Be
Petitioned For on a
Technicality.
ARNOLD WILL
FIGHT AGAINST
EXTRADITION
Ings in which will insure his client a
hearing of the entire case and afford him
n?W n l ty Of £ stahlls hin«? his innocence
of the grave charge that has been pre
ferred against him. p
Doubt la expressed In legal circles as
to whether a writ of habeas corpus will
«&£&& °V ln F« t0 the fact that Arnold
waived examination and stated that he
hir^trTdVioT 56 tho pfforts made to °
Within the rcped area of Chinatown
Wong Jueng. a Chinese Interested in a
gambling house located over the theater
on Washington street, was shot and killed
last night by an unknown assassin. The
crime was committed in .the third story of
the building at 845. Washington street
about 11 o'clock. Two men, 'Wong Mow
and Dong Chue, have been arrested and
charged with the crime, but the evidence
ngalnFt them is not considered strong.
The murderer and his accomplices evi
dently lured their victim to his doom. The
plans laid by them •were so complete that
they made their escape over .adjoining
buildings, and were probably far from the
scene of the crime before the officers ar*
rived. .... ..; i { -uili : l
The room. from which the shot was fired
leads into a hall on the third floor of the
building, which is occupied by Japanese.
This particular apartment was vacant,
but Its door had recently been made fast
by three bars. A bar protecting a window
in the rear of the apartment had been
sawed out, that the criminals might leap
to a roof adjoining. •
Wong Jueng was evidently enticed -into
the building on the pretense of visiting a
friend. As he reached the door the mur
derer probably stepped out and placing a
pistol near his body fired. The. bullet pene
trated the body on the left side' of the
back and passed out in front. The shooter
then Jumped back into the room, barred
the door and escaped through the-wlndow
Chinese in the neighborhood claim that
several persens occupied the, room, and
that they- were all In the conspiracy to'
commit murder.
One theory is that the shooting was the
result of the recent highbinder, war, but
the Chinese claim that the shot was fired
by Japanese/ Jueng is said to have excit
ed the jealousy of some: of these people
and that' a plot was laid to klllhim. The
murdered man was a member of "the See
Yup Society, as well as of, the Wong fam^
111'. ' . : „ =
The two men arrested^ were "captured
by Officers Gruenwald and Fenner in the
building- where the tragedy occurred." The
evidence against Wong Mow consists of
a shirt full of holes, which seemed to be
marked by c powder burns." The general
opinion Is that both men are Innocent and
that the real murderer 'and his ° pals = es
caped. .I 0 ¦ . = i r a
-, La,ter the police .'discovered 0 a, ladder
leading frpm the roof to which the mur
derers escaped to a window of a building
on Stockton street. Two hats were also
found on the roof. =
Murderers Escape Over Roofs of Ad
joining Building^-Polica ; Arrest
; '¦' : '¦¦'¦ Two Men— Slayers Alleged
:' • tp Be Japanese. .
Wong Juerig> a Chinese
Gambler, Falls Victim
Wm to Assassins.
LURED INTO A
TRAP AND SHOT
IN THE BACK
Witi a Shovel Captain Scott Resists
the Advances of a Prospective
Stowaway on tte Julia
Whalen.
As the schooner Julia E. Whalen was
hauling o.T frcm the Hcward-street wharf
Wednesday afternoon, bound for Nome,
a drunken sailor ran down the wharf
and leaped to the deck of the vessel. Cap
tain Pcott ordered him ashore again, but
'he refused to go. The skipper grabbed
a miner's shovel that chanced to be with
in reach and made a swipe at the sailor
that would have done credit tn a league
man out for the highest batting average.
The sailor ducked out of reach, but the
rnxt minute, by a dexterous thrust, the
irate skipper managed to push him over
the rail into the water. The bath
to vtet him, for he left the wharf with
out making any further trouble. Some
of the men on the dock fell to discussing
the right of the captain to use such vlo-
BL-SKrtf 1^
b $S"JBS£f r«t back a f ain last even
iiut with her Jib and mainsail m»s«nf-
Bbe struck a blow U^at carried the sails
away, but »<h* will repair and get off
again'in a ( f<?xv day*.
Wharf Contract Awarded.
The, Board of Harbor Commissioners
yesterday awarded the contract for the
cansttucUoa of a shed on Howard-street
wharf No. 3 to Newsorn & McNeil, who
will receive J3HO for the work. The other
bids were as follows: Andrew \\ ilkie Jr..
52SM3: Kr*><! Miller. »2V5: Val Franz. tMio.
A. \Vilh<:im, $3335. The last one was
thrown out because It v.as not accompa
nied by a certified check. -
Knginr-er. Holmes reported plans for tne
construction of piers, etc.. at Central
Basin. tr» which point the drydock at the
foot of Sp^ar Ptrert will be removed. One :
plan provided for three slips, two for the
existing; floating dock and one for the
proposed dock, with two intermediate
wharves. Thi-s plnn. Including creosoting
of the piles, involves the expenditure of
$70 '<00. To rarry out the second plan
would cost $72>>i.'with 515.0CW additional
for electrical machinery to work the
shears. Before the dock can b^ fully lo
cated it will be necessary to" remove by
dr^riertng about 25.000 cubic yard? of mud.
Thr immediate varatine: of two lots. on
the water front jrae ordered that more
yard room might be had for the belt rail
way. One of thefc is occupied by. Captain
fiVhitclaw, the wrecker. «
Another Overdue Arrives.
The German *hip Henny' Clement, on
which i*> per crnt reinsurance was paid,
has reached her destination in safety. She
Uft Hnmburg for Klaochau. China, 306
days ago and was practically civen up- for
Stands Off a Sailor Who Is
Eager to Go to Cape,
Nome.
NEWS OF THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
lest. Quite a number of people In San
Francisco took a risk on her at 75 per
cent and they are now congratulating
themselves on their good luck.: ¦>'¦¦
"Water Front Notes.
The bark Diamond Head arrived frorn
Honolulu and the bark Roderick Dhu
from Hilo yesterday. The latter vessel
is a clipper and is fitted with a refriporat
inpr plant, so thrri? is some talk of sending
h»>r to Cape Nome.
The transport Leelanaw arrived from.
Manila yesterday. She brought up a lot
of boiler tubes conFisr.ed to the Mare Isl
and Navy Yard. The I^ee!anaw. came via
JCa^apaki and ¦was placed In quarantine.
The transport Epbert sailed for Puget
Sound yesterday, where she will load pro
visions for the troops In Alaska. The
Sherman sails for Manila at noon to-day
and the Thomas will take her place at the
transport ¦wharf. ¦
The steamer Nowsboy sails for Xotne
Saturday with about 100 passengers and
forty head of horp^s. Amonp the pasppn
prors will be J. Beach, the horseman. Mr.
Beach will be arcompanlpri by his wife.
Instant.; ;:>I was In command of the larg
: Est;lifebpfi.t:.anxJ had twelve men with me.
Chief Ol&'ef; tT. Klyhn was in command of
the: second boat and with him were eight
men. .we kept together during the voy
age,' lashtng the boats together at night
for fear of getting; separated : .'. The first
day;we made Ip9.'i3alieS;,butduHng the rest
of the. tlm<? froni seventy-five to eighty
,was our best ruri* ;; : /. :; •' : - •' . '¦'¦
"We were nthetwen days at Ariiapa. and
were beginning to think we were doomed
toiend our days thefB when the British
steamer Southern vCroiss. showed up and
the- Frenrh authorities sent us In her to
Tahiti. Kir.-n Officer Klyhn and Third
Officer II. Bertram and four or five of th<»
men :went on to ?»*ei?r : Zealand: on the
Southern Cros.V ft number of the crew
elected to remain In Tahiti and 1 and five
others came up on th« Galilee^ Those'
who accommny me are George Zankep.
Ambrose Annrado,: Jose Rudesindo Nel
quel, Manuel Soto: and; I^sardo Gonsales.
Zankrr. who Was vouf : single passenger,
go*>.s..to his home ..on Puget Sound,
but T and the four . Chilenos will get back
to \ j-Uparajpo on the first steamer."
-The Hindustan was an old vessel and
Captain Welsh had commanded her for
thirteen years. Neither cargo nor hull
wasinsured. . ' . ; '¦•¦• .•
and as soon as this was done nre and
I Mnoke rame pouring through. It was
then nlainly seen that the cargo of lum
ber was on fire. We went to work with
hand pumps and buckets, but the fire
pained on us. More holes were cut in the
engine-room floor and all hands were
busy throwing water on the flames. Not
a man llinchtd and every one worked as.
! he had never worked In his life before.
I But it was of no ayail. The tire gained
I every instant and we could hoar it roar
ling "like a furnace under our feet,
"Suddenly the flames broke out through
the cJfcfk amidships and In a few minutes
the deckhouse was In flames. A few sec
onds later the whole body of the ship was
afire and the flames were mounting a3
high as the mainstay. I then gave the
orders to get the boats ready. I saw that
they were properly provisioned and plenty
of water and all of the men's clothing
that we could pet was put in. It was now
10 a, m. and wft had been fighting the
tiames six hours.; When the ship was
1 abandoned we were In latitudes degrees 4S
minutes south, longitude 123 degrees west,
or about &» miles from the; Marquesas,
I therefore Fteerc-d a. course: for those
islands and on The evening of March 19 .we
reached Aniapa. I am an old man,
nearly »3 vears of age, and the exposure
for eleven- days undf^r the tropical run
nearly killed me. The rest. of the crew,
did riot suffer to any great extent and ]
were rfble to walk ashore, but I had to b».
carried.. ':• . ; "-'V; >.•;• ¦;¦•':'. •¦'-. ' : :.'V V-; C.\
"Before we left the ship two pf the crew
nearly lost their live?. Th^y. went into
the cabin to get stime things ,i \rant*>d: and
were overpowered by the jras. Volun
teers went in and brought them out. but
it was some little time before they re
coverfd consciousness. My pot cat went
bark into the cabin and was killed In an
< s =<r=HE Chilean 6hlp Hlndost&n. which
; sailed from here on February S with
J^ a cargo of lumber tor Caldera and
Valparaiso, was burned at sea on
March 8. Aftetf considerable privation
the crew landed on the Marquesas islands.
From. ArJapa they were sent to Papeete,
Tahiti, by the French Consul. Some of
the xnea elected to make their home in the
Islands, others wer» sent to New Zealand
by the British Consul, while the captain
and five of the crew arrived here yester
flay on the brig Galilee. Captain James
Welsh is still eufferir.g from the efft^ts of
- the exposure In the open boats, but he
hopes that the bracinc air of California
¦wlU ma_ke him as well as ever in a few
days.
Captain Welsh had a peculiar experience
In Tahiti. He vras born and raised in
Scotland, but went to Chile when he .was
a little over £0 years old. . For forty yeura
he has made his home In Valparaiso and
l.:5 wife and family there now. His
wife is a Chileno and he has always been
looked upon as a citizen of that country. ;
Th>- Brtush Consu} at Papeete considered j
him a Chileno. but the Chilean Consul j
could not see it in that light and in conse- |
quence Captain Welsh had to get to San
Francisco us best he <iould. Luckily Cap-;
tain IHnsmore of the Clailiee took in the
Situation and offered Captain Welsh • a
1 a>?age to the coast.. . ;
"The 6th of the month has figured very
prominently fa the log of the last voyage !
of thf liindostaJi." saJiJ Captain Welsh j
yesterday. "We left: Port Blakeley on I
De ¦ ::¦•'. «er S with a cargo of lumber. Off j
:••¦ Columbia River we were caught in a!
heavy iiorihwester and the ship sprang
a leak. On January & we put Into San
Francisco in distress. After the neces
;-ary repairs had been made we sailed
again on February £ and on March 8 the
ship w;is ljurned to \he water's edge.
"When we left San Francisco there was
ii ¦ :< w «if tweiity-one a^l told aboard and
one passenger. Our cargo. was composed,
of pine lumber and was well stowed. After
the xug cast us off all plain sail was set
ard with -a. fair wind .we started for home j
once more. On February 15 we picked up
the northfast trades: and as the ship was!
r"ak:r.s no more wal'-r than she di<l in i
Ihelbay of Baa Francisco I anticipated a.
hat* and sp«-dy passage. Everything
¦rent alone as well as could be desired
until 4 O'clock on the, morning of March [
»>. The mate -came into my cabin at that }
h<^.:r and reported that smoke was com
ir.g out of th<? fore hatch. I had the
cover taken off and went down into the
!.'.. i as far as possible. I could find no
:.;•. but the smoke nearly overpowered
it.- and I had to be hauled back on deck.:.
*'Aft<T the hatch covers had been put on
fcujn I overhauled the donkey engine
room, nut could find no trace of fire there.
Th^n I ordered the carpenter to cut a hole
through the dock forward of the boiler
had taken Into consideration the improve
ments provided in the bond issue.
"I make It a rule never to count chick
ens before they are hatched," was the
ready reply. :
The Mayor suggested that the engineers
were not employed unless there was work
to do. ' -
"Then why do you tie up the money
to pay them for full time?" asked Center.
Judge A. W. Thompson asked for an ap
propriation to bltuminize Valencia street
from Sixteenth to Twenty-second street.
He thought that some of the tax-eaters
ought to be cut off to benefit the tax
payers. '
Gustave Schnce of the Federation Mis
sion Improvement Clubs found fault with
the expenditures in the Recorder's office,
the item of $1500 for the collection of per
sonal taxes, the item of $^000 for new fur
niture and that of $6000 for printing mu
nicipal expenditures.
Attorney J. S. Reed made a plea for
J.VI.OOO to purchase the three .lots behind
the new City Hall.
A representative of the South End
School District asked for a new school
house, the old one bring twenty-three
years old. unsafe as a building, dangerous
to the health of the pupils and inadequate
to the school population. The Mayor told
him the bond issue provided for repairs.
Heed Denounces Popper.
Max Popper was the next to take the
floor, but he had scarcely made his bow
when Supervisor Reed Interrupted him.
"I object to this man addressing this
board," he said. In an excited tone of
voice, "and move your Honor that he be
refused the fioor. By his own confession
he has bribed former boards and la a
felon. I can prove what I say. and every
member of this board knows that I am
right. He is not fit to address this hon
orable board."
"Every man in this board." interrupted
the Mayor, "is personally responsible for
what he says. Mr. Popper, as a citizen
ami taxpayer, has a right to be heard
hem I refuse. Mr. Reed, to entertain
your motion. Mr. Popper may proceed."
"Then I refuse to remain in the hall
while he speaks." said Reed, and left the
chamber, slamming the dor behind him.
Popper palmly faced the members of the
board and said, without the slightest
sign of ft-ellng:
"While I scarcely consider It necessary.
I will deny the charges of the man who
has just left the hall. My word Is as
good as his in this community any day."
Popper: then went through the budget
Item by it»m and suggested where saving
could be: : made. . He considered food In
spection ; as proposed unnecessary, as a
simpler method would prove less costly
and more satisfactory. The office of su
pervising physician at the County Hos
uital was not provided for In the charter
and was unnecessary. Salaries have been
raised contrary to law. Too much Is paid
for advertising, in hjs opinion. The burial
of alleged United States volunteers Is not
under proper supervision and Is under sus
picion. . ¦
Telephones Cost Too Much.
The Item for telephones Is out of all pro
portion. In Chicago that expense has
been, reduced to J2250J and ought to be less
than that here. Three stations might be
established fn the City Hall. The system
of water charces Is all wrong and too
costly. Savings might be made In the
maintenance of the Magdalen Home and
non-sectarian schools for children depend
ent on the city, as the State stands half
of the. expense. The Coroner's office ought
to he looked Into, as the expenses have
doubled in ten years. Nearly all depart
ments have been given additional clerks
for no- good reason. The secretary of the
Superior Judges gets $1SOO per year for
copying the jury list once a year. .The
expenses of the Grand Jury havcheen
needlessly increased.
Popper agreed with Mr. Center In re
gard to. the Board of Works. He called
attention to the fact that the local Fire
Department costs $250,000 more than that
of any similar department In cities of the
same size in the United States. The item
of election expenses and registration—
$114.000— is out of all proportion. Else
where the cost has been very much less.
Finally, a. saving of at least $5 per horse
per. month ought to be made in the Police
Department. p
At the Conclusion of Popper's address
Mayor Phelan apologized to him for the
treatment he had received at the hands
of Supervisor Reed.
"The apology is quite unnecessary,"
said Popper, "for I am abundantly able
to take care of myself."
E. Kimball of the Xew Potrero district
asked for a new $.7)00 lire house for his
district, a $52,000 school house and $10 000
f0I V» s «"*'er; aIso the removal of the City
and County Hospital.
. E. P. E. Troy also addressed the board
on. the subject of saving In the cost of
water by reducing the number of hy
fhafsu^fy'ffim 5 Cl ° Sel> ' lnt ° the P ' peS
THE tax-payers made a combined at
tack upon the tax-eaters last night
by appearing before the Board of
Supervisors and asking that the tax
levy be reconstructed so as to eliminate
the extravagance shown by the salary
lists In every department, that the money
thus saved might be applied to the Im
provement of streets, building of sanitary
school houses, construction of needed
sewers and the extension of fire protec
tion to every portion of the city.
Supervisor C. "\V. Reed took occasion to
make a savage attack upon Max Popper,
who appeared as a representative of the
Federation of Mission Improvement Clubs.
Reed demanded that Popper be ruled oft
the floor, on tbe ground that he was -a*
self-confessed briber of former boards and
therefore a self-confessed felon. Mayor
Phelan refused to entertain the motion
and Reed left the chamber^ Popper's talk
was well . received and the Mayor after
ward publicly apologized to him for the
treatment he^had received. Another stir
ring incident was an attack made by At
torney J. E. O'Donnell upon President F.
W. Dohrmann In connection with the item
of street sprinkling. He'.declared that
Dohrmann had secured the appropriation
of $15,000 for his own personal gain.
Outside of the incidents mentioned the
session was a quiet one. The Supervisors
seemed to be in the mood to resent all
suggestions and left the impression that
the attack made upon the tax levy would
be without results. The Maywir took ft upon
himself to reply to nearly every complain
ant and the burden of his song was ever
that "It cost much more under former ad
ministration." -Several times he sprung
the bond Issue scheme upon a speaker
who demanded -«ome Improvement, but
was somewhat disconcerted when Max
Popper questioned the right of the board
to provide taxation to make a fund for
bonds not yet voted for.
Merchants Get the Benefit.
Attorney J.E.O'Donneir was the first
one to respond to the invitation to tax
payers to spt>ak. He said that he repre
sented some widows and orphans who
were interested in the street-sprinkling
business because their livelihood depended
upon it. : He called attention to the fact
that the tax levy appropriating $15,000 for
sprinkling streets in the business district
for the. benefit of men who lived outside
of the city, escaped jury duty and busl
j ness licenses. He considered street
sprinkling a luxury and that if the city
was going to spend money for it outside
j merchants ought to get .some of the bene
' fits as well as downtown merchant*
I "This city." he continued, "has
tract with the City Street Improvement
•(.ompany by which it agrees to sprinkle
these very streets until January next at
I Its own expense. F. \V. Dohrmann owns
I the major portion of the stock In that
I company. He came In here and convinced
the last board that the sprinkling of b'f
tumlnlzed streets was dangerous to horses
and put a stop to street sprinkling. Now
he has succeeded In having this 115.000 set
aside by the city to sprinkle these streets
: again. He has gone further, and hnd an
ordinance passed to kerp off the streets
all watering carts that do hot come up to
the Studebnker standard, because his com
pany has those wagons and these Widows
and orphans : have not. He would s'hotilder
the expense ;ori the taxpayers." .. ...,¦
Mayor Phelan asked what proof he Jmd
that Dohrmann controlled the stock of the
City Street Improvement Company, and
O Donneil replied that he was prepared to
produce the proof when necessary.
. ' Mayor Defends Dohrmann. ;
;V: - :I : merely want to give my testlmonv
here now." replied the Mayor, "that *I
consider that Mr. Dohrmanu has acted
honorably and as a disinterested party"
George L. Center, representing the Fed
eration of Mission Improvement Clubs
attacked the Items of the Board of Public
Works in the buderet. He asked the board
t" inquire carefully Into the reason why
the expenditure of $219,000 in public im
provements required an outlay of J51 000
In salaries. He called attention particu
larly to expense Item of $49,000 for engi
neers' salaries. ;;'•¦:. ¦ ¦/.,..-.. •.
Mayor Phelan asked if the salaries
were too large and what Mr. Center would
suggest as a remedy. He said that the
expenses of the Street Department had
been cut down wonderfully.
•: "If there was ' anything that made us
get away from the old condition." replied
Center, "It was the Street Department.
We have no remedies to suggest. You
are the responsible parties. We have
elected, you to office, and .'It Is your busi
ness to' run this city on a business .basis.
We point out the evils, you must find the
remedy. I think you have a top-heavy
system of engineering.". .'¦'>¦
Supervisor Connor atked If the speaker
Sensational Incident During the Hearing Given
by Supervisors to Taxpayers Who Are
Dissatisfied With New Levy.
Denounces Him as a Self-Gon
fessed Briber of Former
Boards and a Felon.
SUPERVISOR REED
GRILLS MAX POPPER
CHILEAN SHIP HINDOSTAN
BURNED TO THE WATER'S EDGE
Captain Welsh, one
Passenger and
Four Sailors ¦{ Ar
rive in This City.
Crew Reaches the
Marquesas After
Eleven Days in
Open Boats.
THE SAN FR ANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, JTJjSTE 1 , 1 900.
7
TWO OF THE SURVIVORS OF
THE BURNED HIKDOSTAN.
DIRECTORY
ATTORNEY. -
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.. Clonl* be
COAL, COKB AND PIO IROX
? T WH f A W 0 Battery Street.
J-L> nlL^Un a WU- 1 Telephone Main 1SS4.
S FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
flC RAYFC fe ffl Shipping. Butchers. 1M
JA3- DUICJU tV'Clay. TeL Main 1234.
§ COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. M*r.
T W SMITH Phl i> Plumbing. Steamboat and
C« IT* J.Jlllll. ship Work a specialty. It and
1* Washtntrton st. Telephone Main &64U
STATIONS!? AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic c PARTRfflfiP *° 6 California
.Code*. lAniflll/UC ; «treet.
o PRINTIJi J.
E. C HUGHES, 8 n £555% 3 . F .
T7T«irHFR'c; concert house.
GREAT LAMBARDI OPERA QUARTET AND
SIG. ABRAMOFF, in Acts From
"LUCIA" and 'THE HUGL'ENOTi"
MISS SANDOLIN IN ENGLISH SONG3*
Reserved Seats. !3c. Matlneo Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open daily from 7 a. rn. to 11 p. m.
Bathlivg from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
Admission. 10c; Children. 5c.
Bathing, includrag admission. Kc; children We.
We do not employ Chinese , of- handle
Chinese made goods of; any kind. J. M.
Litchfleld & Co. r •
The prosperity of the farmers' in the
Northwest Is Indicated by; the fact that
many of them are making arrangements
to visit the Paris Exposition this summer.
Rely Upon Platt's Chlorides
for household dlsInfectlon.Odorless.cheap*
Democratic Delegates.
The Democratic County Committee will
meet as a convention in Native Sons' Hall
this evening and appoint VA to
the Democratic State Convention.
WeeHy Call, $1.00 DerYear
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal In Uw
market. Office and Yard*— CO Main street.
The officers of the „ Jlafeklng garrison
were at mess— and what a mess! r "Cheer
ud. lads," ; remarked Colonel Baden-
The Largest Brewing Plant
In the world produces the celebrated tonic
MALT-KUTRIXE, that boon lor invalid* and
convalescents. Made only by the Anheuser-
Busch Brewinr A?s'n, which fact = guarantees
Its merit. Sold by all druggists. :
Telephone for seats — Park 23.
CHUTES AND ZOO. I 37£KT
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN AT NIGHT.
TO-MORROW NIGHT, CAKEWAUL
BLADDER CONTEST ON THE LAKE
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
An excellent programme. Introducing new
features, gate prizes, games. VARIOUS CON-
TESTS WITH PRIZES. Baked beans, brown
bread and coffee free. Tickets at Park.
AT SHELL MOUND PARK.
TION.
SATURDAY, June 2.
23RD AXNTJAX. PICNIC OF THE ASSOCIA-
STATE OF MAINE PICNIC
GRAND HOTEL
The high standard of excellence main-
tained by these hotels is recognized and
appreciated by a discriminating ar.d 'fas-
tidious clientele who regularly make them
their headquarters when in San Francisco.
Located in close proximity to wholesale
and shopping districts, places of amuse-
ment and with the further advantage of
having street cars to all points of interest
pass the entrance.
American plan. European plan.
And vicinity, in Pullman Palace Sleepers. Mr.
Win. H. Menton. Excursion Passenger Agent
S. P. Co.. in charge. LEAVES SAN FRAN-
CISCO SATURDAY. JITNE 2. from Terry land-
inff, foot of Market street. AT 7 P. M. RE-
TURNING MONDAT. JUNE 4, at 7:45 a. m.
Round-trip tickets, including berth two
nights in sleeper.
ONI V S^IO 00
Meats extra. ServM on train a Ia carte.
Excursion tickets now on sale at S13 Market
St., Grand Hotel block.
T. H. GOODMAX.
General Passenger Agent.
E. O. McCORMICK.
Passenger Traffic Manager.
KEEP THIS IN MIND!
EXCURSION »
MOUNT SHASTA
THE SPECIAL LIMITED
WE will interest von' in., out-
fits and prices.
MORE than that, we will
•ell you your outfit.
BECAUSE we have the
things you want and can
make the price no one
ELSE can touch.
\ »5-27 /nAHKtr. aiR c ct.
PALACE HOTEL
F*A!NLESS DENTISTRY
NO PLATES (^
>P^ REQUIRED Wy
Our removable bridge work is beautiful and
durable. Warranted I 1 ) years.
4f^&T> ur 5500 Plates
fe^IsFpjfe-T.'i^'l-^ar poio'ess extracting
deotist 00 tfje Pa-
PRICE LIST for 30 Days:
Painless Extraction 2.1c
Removable Brldjrewcrk £.'5.< W •
Crowns 92.OO to 85.OO
Pure Gold Fillings $1.OO
Amalgam ,'Oc
Gold and Platlna Sl.OO
Silver Filling 5Oc
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Wal?h will attend to the
children's teeth— painlessly.
DR. R. L-. VUALSH,
S15H GEARY ST.. between Hyde and Larkln
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 11 Telephone Polk 1133.
ORIENTAL
SALE!
For the next 10 days we will
allow 25 per cent discount
on our entire stock of
Onemtal Goods
CONSISTING OF
Rare Rugs and Carpets,
Kelim and Bagdad
Curtains, i
CHAS. M. PLUM & CO.,
NINTH and MARKET STS., San Francisca
Telephone. Bnsh 9.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c and 50c.
Produced With a Wealth of Scenic ESects!
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 3.
SPECIAL!! Reappearance. Monday. June 11.
EDWIN STEVENS AND ANNA LIGHTER.
TRIUMPH!
The Romantic Ccrolc Opera,
D0ITT MI33 "ALITTLB BIT0TT TH2 TO?."
ANOTHER ARTISTIC AND COMPLETE
A TALE OF MARRIED LIFE.
SALE OP SEATS NOW ON FOR
FLORENCE ROBERTS' "SAPHO."
A SUPERFLUOUS
HUSBAND!——
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND
SUNDAY.
Clyde Fitch's Domestic Comedy.
8£&&zm
PHONE MAIN I3i
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF THE SEASON.
IMMENSE SUCCESS OF RICE'S FAMOUS
EXTRAVAGANZA.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good reserved seat in orcnestra at all mati-
nees. Zjc.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
"1492 !"
THE ENTIRE PRESS OF THE CITY UNANI-
MOUS IN ITS PRAISE.
PACKED TO THE DOOR3 NIGHTLY.
By H. V. ESMOND.
Final Week Becins NEXT MONDAT.
At the Macdcno-Jsh Theater. Oakland. Satur-
day nlg-ht. June 2. JOHN DREW, ia "Til*
Tyranny of Tears."
In their rreatest success.
WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE
COLUMBIAN
SEATS FOBN N E g£12£ L E L%o.
EVERY NIGHT (EXCEPT SUNDAY).
MATINEE SATURDAY.
N. C. Goodwin
fflaxine Elliott
MONEY-SAVING
PRICES.:.:.:.
FOR THIS WEEK.
LADIES' KID BUTTON SHOES, turns
and welts fl.45
LADIES' TAN AND BLACK BICYCLE
OXFORD TIES $1.15
MEN'S TAX SHOES $1..%O
MEN'S BUTTON AND CONGRESS
SHOES BOc
CHILDREN'S PATENT LEATHER
AND KID SHOES 40e
BROKEN LOTS.
2.ALL EXCELLENT SHOES
FOB VACATION.
SEE PRICES IN WINDOWS AND
BARGAIN COUNTER.
MAIL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY,
i
830-832-834 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
IA/. X. HESS,
KOTABY PD3LIC AK3 ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931
Residence. S21 California »U, below Powell,
Ean Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
MISS LILLIAN 8URKHART
And Company In "A DEAL ON 'CHANGE."
Third, and Last 'Week of
EZRA KENDALL.
VA5IDY: MIDGLEY 4 CARIJSUl
TWENTY OTHERS.
AN ENTIRELY NEW BILL.
Reserved seats, 23c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats. SOc. . ¦ ¦
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and - Sunday.
Commencing Sunday Matinee, June X
JOE HART'S VAUDEVILLE CO.
and Orpheum Stars.
Oxford University has published an In-
complete .list of 237 Oxford men who have
gone to the war. Four of them have been
killed so far. s
Powell, taking his second helping of mule
steak: "we might be worse off." "Indeed?
I can't Imagine It." growled the dyspeptic
major. "Well. Just fancy our diet If the
automobile had been Introduced here!"—
Collier's We#cly.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mails i
on Application.
THE TIME IS SHORT.
ONLY THREE MORE PERFORMANCES OB"
MR. JAMES NEILL
AND COMPANT.
TO-NIGHT. TO-MORROW MATINEE at J:14
p. in. and TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Haddon Chambera" original «uccesa.
"CAPTAIN_ SWIFT."
Commencing SUNDAT NIGHT, the laughing
event of the century, inauguration of DUNNR
& RYLEYS comedy season. THE ALL-STAR
CAST, presenting Hoyt's musical funmaker,
"A RAG BABY."DENVER. May 31.— A monument to the mem
ory of the late Rev. Myron Reed was unveiled
In Falrmount Cemetery Wednesday under
the auspices of the organized labor of the city
and in the presence of a great throng of : work
ing people. Addresses were delivered by Rev
William O'Ryan and Rabbi Friedman. .
TARIS, May 31.— The Municipal Council met
Wednesday for the first time since the Nation
alist victory at the election. The rival parties
liad an opening tussle on the- question of the
presidency, which was won by the Nationalists,
whose candidate, M. Gribauval, was elected by
45 votes acainst a total of 35 cast for the So
cialist and Radical nominees.
CAIRO, Egypt. May 31.— A. fresrr outbreak
of bubonic pla?u? ha? : occurred at Alexandria.
NEW YORK* May 31.— Fire destroyed the
PaliFades Paper Mills In Hoboken to-night.
Loss f 100,000. . ::..:..
.CHICAGO, May 31.— The United Presbyterian
Conference adjourned to meet next at Des
Moines; Iowa. '¦ .
KANSAS CITT. May 31.— The strike of the
Union Street Railway men la Kansas City has
been declared off. . .-. .
FORT DE FRANCE. Island of Martinique,
May 31.— Fire destroyed the custom house and
a number of ether buildings.
MINNEAPOLIS. May Sl.'-X boarding house
burned ar.d Anna Peterson and an unknown
womant who was spending the night with her,
were suffocated by emoke.
BT. PAUU May 3i:— John E. Tuxton and
John Ebur, Minneapolis plumbers, were
drowned last night in Crystal Bay, Lake Mln
netonka. by a capsized boat.
CARACAS, Venezuela. May 31.— The country
is: rejoicing, over the capture of Hernandez.
Borne French bankers have offered to advance
$1.000. CCO to the Government.
EDINBURGH. May 31.-The Free Church As
sembly in session here approved by £92 votes
BIRMINGHAM. Ala., May 3L— The. five-story
building occupied by. NTabers. Morrow & Sln
nlngs. wholesale and retail druggists, was de
stroyed by fire. Loss JSO.OOO.
to 29 the union with the United Presbyterian
Church. The union will be effected in October.
POTSDAM, May 31.— The Crown Prince Fred
prick William Joined the First Regiment of
Foot Guards at noon Wednesday. The event
wan made the occasion of considerable cere
mony. .
PITTSBURG, May 31.— At St. Mary's Ceme
tery a . monument to Hartley Campbell, the
playwright, was unveiled to-day. The cere
monies were private and In charge of his
family.
MACKINAW CITY, Mich.. May 31.— In a
dense fog the steel ¦ steamer Seguln, bound
down light, ran ashore half a mile west of Mc-
CJulptns I'oint. She Is a Canadian craft, valued
at fS&OOO.
WASHINGTON, May 31.— The House Com
mittee on Buildings has favorably reported
Representative Metcalf's bill providing for the
erection of a statue of Commodore John I).
Slont at Monterey. Cal.
IRON RIVKR. Wis., May 31.— Fire started
shortly after noon in the power-house and
spread quickly to the Alexander & Edgar
lumber mill. It then spread toward the lumber
yards, which contained 16,000,000 feet of lumber.
KEW YORK. May 31.— Henry W. Lucy. M.
P., writing to the Tribune from London, quotes
a friend of Andrew Carnepie as saying that the
ironmaster lately declared that his possessions,
readily convertible into hard cash, amount to
$200,000,000. v"v :• ¦¦¦:>',
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS IN CONDENSED FORM
Generals Grant and Funston have de
tachments In pursuit of the insurgents
who rushed the town of San Miguel de
MAN.XLA-, May 31.^-A number of ri
fles - have -been surrendered at'
Cuyapo and more are expected.
The fugitive Governor of Benguet
: . : : • . ;. Province, &.. rich, Influential and
devoted friend- of Aguinaldo, was cap
tured at Allit yesterday. *-'
.WARNING AGAINST
WANTON DESTRUCTION
"CAPE TOWN. Wednesday, May SO.—
X'pcn the occupation cf Johannesburg
Lord Roberts, It Is said* will issue a proc
lamation denouncing the "malicious
fabU-s" rr?arrting the Intention of the
Iiritish snd terms of surrender, which are
the gns.rantoeing of immunity to all non
comtyitants and that all burghers, except
ing tho?e wh.o are actively connected with
the promotion of th*» war, directing the
opcratiors. comir.anieering or looting or
other act* contrary to civilized warfare,
•will he allowed to return to their farms,
there fo remain unmolested on proving
the surrender of their arms and on taking
an.oath not to fight a;raln. Private prop-'
ert'y. It Is added, will be respected, pro
viding Brltltih property is not damaged.
If British property is wantonly destroyed,
not only will the actual perpetrators be
severely punished in person and property,
but the authorities permitting it will be
held responsible. All the Inhabitants are
urged to prevent wanton damage. The
principal employes of th^ mining and
commercial concerns at Johannesburg are
ur.der orders, as this dispatch is sent, to
be ready to depart thence at an hour's
notice, but the authorities are restricting
the return of the general public.
ET. JOSNS CELEBRATES.
ET JOHNS, N. F.. May 3L-The sur
render of Pretoria to the British was cele
brated here to-day amid scenes of the
wildest enthusiasm. The shipping, public
and commercial buildings and private res
idences were deecorated and business was
practically suspended. There will be a
torchlight procession of policemen, fire
men and societies to-night, and there will
be a general holiday to-morrow, when the
demonstrations will be continued.
B/TOIORED CAPTURE OF XBUGER
LONDON. May SI.— The "Westminster
Gazette says it Is rumored to-night la a
quarter likely to be. well Informed that
President ICruger had been captured by
the British elx miles beyond Pretoria.
BEITISH OCCUPY HETDELBTJEO.
CAPE TOWN. May SI. —The British have
occupied Heidelburg. on the railroad con
necting Johannesburg with the Transvaal
frontier town of Volksrust, on the Natal
fxectier. near Laings Nek.
WTLI.IAMS' CONGRATULATIONS.
LONDON, May 2L— Emperor William,
according to the Berlin correspondent of
the Daily Telegraph, has sent a telegram
to the Queen congratulating her upon the
success of Lord Roberts. ¦''.¦•";.•¦¦::
BOTATTf UNTNSraTJCTED.
Uew Jersey Democrats Not Pledged
to Vote for Bryan.
TRENTON. N.'J... May' 31.— There were
over a thousand delegates present at the
Democratic ' State Convention to-day,
called to elect delegates to the national
convention. The convention was charac
terized by enthusiasm and by strong
to the National .Committee and John I
Martin, sergeant at arms, by F. E. Hill
the architect, and approved. It makes
provision for accommodating 22.2C0 per
sons. Of this number 3460 will be provid
ed for on the arena floor, stage and cor
respondents' platform, these being dis
tributed as follows: Delegates, 930 seats
alternates, OSO; officials, oOO; stage, 500;
newspaper correspondents, C00.
The remaining £eats will be distributed
over three balconies. The National Com
mitt«!c required that a seating capacity of
15,000 be provided, exclusive of the arena
floor, and if the present arrangements
are carried out this request will be more
than met.
Several members of the s-ub-committee
cf the National Committee are expected
here to-morrow to Inspect the hall and go
over some other details . connected with
the convention.
Condition of Bidpath.
NEW YORK. May 31.— The condition of
John Clark Rldpath, the historian, who
has been -very 111 In Presbyterian Hospi
tal for Mine weeks, was unchanged to
night. Tbe hospital authorities said he
wa? holding his own very well, but. that
ho Is still seriously ill.
ficer grappled with him in an effort to
disarm him the man brought the weapon
to his shoulder and pulled the trigger.
The officer sank to the ground uncon
scious. Maher was near by and running
up to Koenig demanded his . surrender.
Koenig made a threatening movement and
Maher shot him. killing him instantly.
Crane Is at the Alexian Brothers' Hos
pital In a dying condition.
DISTRIBUTION OF SEATS
AT KANSAS CITY
Request Made by the National Com
mittee "Will Be More Than
Complied With.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., May 31.— The seat
ing capacity of the new Convention Hall,
as It will be arranged for the -Democratic
National Convention, has been -submitted
UNION MAN AND ':):¦,:
A POLICEMAN SHOT
Tragedy Follows Tragedy in the
Strike of the St. Loui3 Street :
Railway^ Employes. ¦:
ST. I^OUIS. May 21.— Albert KoenJg,
a union man, emptied the contents
of a shotgun into the body of Po
liceman Crane and was himself In
stantly killed by a bullet from the re
volver of Officer Maher on Broadway,
near the Southern Electric Powerhouse
late to-night. Koenig was walking back
and forth In front of the powerhouse with
a shotgun on his 6houlder, declaring that
he v.-as a union roan and defying the
Transit Company and its non-union em
ployes. '
Officer Crane approached him and asked
him to take his shotgun home. Koenig
replied in vehement terms that he would
<5o nothing of the sort and when the of-
Colonel S. C. Zulick. formerly Governor
of Arizona, now a resident of Monmouth
County, was chairman of the convention.
Robert Davis of Hudson. Thomas M.
Ferrcll ( f Glouc^trr, Johnston Cornish
of Warren and James E. M.irtine of
Union wore elected del cerates at large, and
sixteen district delegates were chosen.
Br>-an sentiment, so far as expressions
went, although the convention refused
with less than a hundred negative votes
to instruct tho delegates to Kansas City
to vote for Bryan. . ; ': '¦:¦.'
Mayomq, near here./Tuesday, killed five
Americans," wounded seven: and captured
Captain Roberts of the Twenty-third In
fantry and two jenlisted men.
WASHINGTON. May 31.— The following
dispatch was' received at "the War. De
partment to-day from General MacArthur
at Manila: { ---. • : ; > ,. ..-;.: ';'.:.
"Small surrenders continue In the De
partment of Northern Luzon. CorinO, 7 fu
gitive Governor of Benguet, a rich ¦ and
active friend of Aguinaldo, was captured
yesterday near Cabayan. This is im
portant. While scouting near San Miguel
de.Mayomo (Luzon) on May 29 Captain
Charles D. Roberts, Privates John A. Mc-
Intyre and Lylo W. Akens were captured,
Sergeant John Privates Joseph
McCpurt and John A. Green were killed
and George Kinger ivas wounded In the
thigh. All were of Company I, Thirty
fifth Regiment. U.S. V." ,
AGUINALDO THOUGHT TO HAVE BEEN WOUNDED.
An insurgent lieutenant and eleven armed rebels surrendered to' the Twelfth Infantry yesterday,
•_•- '••¦•': -/.MANjiiA^; -May 31.— Major Peyton C. March of the Thirty-third Volunteer Infantry, who /.hai been pursuing Aguln
aldo, has successfully crossed^the mountains of ; North. Luzon and is now at Aparri., He .reports coming up with the
; supposed bodyguard . of Agyinaldo north of Cagayan Valley. During the fight which followed >n ' insurgent officer was
shot from . his, : horsei He.'was rescued by comrades, bat the. horfee . and saddlebiigrs were.captured. The saddlebags
contained Agulhaido's. personal papers. Next, day the outpost of. the'- Forty-ninth Volunteer Infantry (colored) reported
¦that a raft containing the body of an officer with two soldiers guarding it. lloated;. down the Cagayan River, but that
the swift current prevented Capture. It is thought possible; the offlcer was : .Aguinai:do and that it was his body which the
soldiers were guarding. .; 'f ' _ -"• ¦ :¦ '.' '. •'.:• '¦;¦'¦" .:; ; ' '. ¦'¦¦_'¦... : , * -]:\i-:j:- :-';0 ¦ — . : '.¦:¦ ' \
SUPPLIED FOR SERVIAN V
¦¦". RESERVES ARE MISSING
Military Scandal Brought to Light
,:.: by an. Unexpected Order for .
-:•¦:. Mobilization.
BELGRADE, May 31.— A huge military
scandal has ..been revealed by the Issuance
of "an. order for the mobilization of the
Servian reserves. Scarcely a uniform was
found in the magazines. The accounts of
the War Office, however,. show a large ex
penditure. ..-¦-- ... ' : ;
BUSY DAY AT PACIFIC GROVE.
Work Rushed for the Accommodation
• . of Berkeley Delegates.
FACIFIC GROVE, May 31.— A great
deal of work was crowded into the hours
of to-day's sessions of the Pacific Coast
Students' Conference. This was made
necessary because the University of Cali
fornia delegation, the largest delegation
In the conference, had to leave for Berke
ley to-day to be in time for the beginning
of the census taking to-morrow.
Two platform> addresses were delivered
to-day. The first at 10 o'clock by Galen
Fisher of Japan, International traveling
secretary of. the students" volunteer move
ment, upon tho subject. "Fishers of
Men." and the second at 11 o'clock by
Rev. Dr. H. C. Minton of San Anselmo
upon the "Atonements."
The morning's work was carried on as
usual in tho first two departments— the
Missionary Institute and the Bible study
class, conducted respectively by F. \\ .
Anderson of Toronto, Canada, and George
W. Lcavitt of Indiana. The life's work
conference was addressed bvt^H. W. Rose
of Chicago. It was held indoors instead
of under the trees as usual because of a
cold, heavy fog.
The finals in the baseball tournament
resulted in a victory for the class of "02
over the faculty.
Berry Has Not Eesigned.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
OMAHA, May 31.— "There Is not a. scin
tilla of truth in the statement that I have
resigned." said Chief Pingrineer J. B. Berry
of the Union Pacific to-day. "I met Pres
ident Burt at Cheyenne during his recent
trip to the "West and together we inspect
ed certain portions of the work of Im
provement now in progress. Our visit
over the line together was a pleasant one
in every respect, not one disagreeable
word passed between us and our relations
are in every particular as pleasant as
thevhave ever been in our long acquaint
ance and Joint railroad experience Hence
there Is no cause for my resignation fho
upheaval on the Wyoming division had
nothinc to do with new construction, but
was the result of a large number oi
wrecks." •
U. S.— Is This One Final, Aggy? J
"j:Z-.--"^ ;¦—•¦'¦': : ¦'•••;/.;•¦: ! '^¦'¦; ; ;:¦;'¦'•/% ':'/'::'.¦ ' '¦""':!¦.;_«; .'-"•> —The World.
irg the quarantine, but the city refused
to pay it. The court, however, decided
that i't was legally compelled to pay the
demand.
"It is a fact." said Bennett, "that
plague makce terrible ravages when the
people -are not properly nourished."
The board decided to submit the legal
phase of the question to its attorney, J.
J. Dunne, and in the meantime the rep
resentatives of the Chinese Six Companies
are to submit an estimate of the daily
Siipply of food necessary for indigent per
sons in Chinatown, which estimate will
be presented to the Board of Supervisors
for action.
Judge Maguire then made an application
on behalf of the Chinese Six Companies
that three white physicians. Dr. Power.
Dr Hodghead and Dr. Pillsbury. be per
mitted to make an independent examina
tion of the body of Hang Hun. who died
two days ago. Dr. O'Britn explained that
the application had been made to him
verbally the day before, but had been re
fused ;bccause the body had been disin
fected, covered with chemicals before em
balming and then oncased i:: a metallic
box. He said that there was danger in
reopening the case, but that certain tis
sues of the dead man had been turned
over to Dr. Cables, who was understood
to represent the Six Companies. %
At this point Dr. Baum interposed a
etrer.uous objection against giving out any
tissues of suspected cases to outside phy
sicians. He did not o;:>poeo giving out re
eults. but everything else was tacrcd to
the board itself.
Judge Maguire then a-sked that the
reefssary permission be triven to the threo
physician? to co-operate with the bacteri
ologist of the board in examining suspect
ed ccsfs. Dr. LJazet, however, moved that
only one medical man be allowed to take
part in the autopsy and subsequent lnvcs
riga.tions. Maguire paw no detriment in
dioavir.g threr reputable physicians to
enaiyze the plague tissues providing they
would, take the inoculation, which they
had volunteered to do. Dr. Daum con
tended that if the board allowed three
outside physicians to investigate, others
would want to do likewise.
"We have one bacteriologist," Bald Ba
set.
"Cut you submit the germs to other
r>a/-teriol<::gists." said Bennett. "There are
10,C"» people likely to suffer from the dis
oaLse.~ an» 1 can sec no reason why reputa-
Jjle physicians should not be consulted."
The hor.rd then voted on Bazefs motion,
¦with the result that only . one outside
physician. Dr. PiUmtmiT, will be taken into
the confidence of the board.
Durir.g the discussion Dr. Kellogg eald
that there was only enough room in the
autopsy* room for one more r>hysicta.n, but
the board appointed Dr. K. F. Donnelly to
be his assistant, at $100 per month. C. E.
Grant -was appointed assistant chemist, at
J7o. cr.d 60 the raid on the treasury be
gins.
Attorjiey Richnrdson. representing the
Pacific Fruit Packing Company, asked the
I'oard to take wkp action on its petition
whereby the factory on Stockton street
would be allowed to run.
"If we .ire quarantined it means the
Ins? of K5BXXM) to us this year," said
Richardson. "VVe have 5125.0-/) in contracts
to fill and the fruit is arriving in im
mense quantities and will spoil if we are
not allowed to pack it. We omploy a
number of vhitt- girls and some Chim
nen. The latter we are willing to dis
charge except the experienced cookers of
fruit. These we win keep on the- prem
ises and wp promise to comply with any
regulations the beard may impose. I fear.
however, that the white cirls will not sub
mit to inoculation and that difficulty will
have* to be met in cthc:- ways. We will
jyit ourselves under strict sanitary ln-
Fprctinn. but we earnestly ask that the
quarantine be raised insomuch as it will
allow us to continue operations. We •will
not ship one pound of the packed fruit
out of the city."
The board was impressed with the grav
!ty of the plaint of the packing company
and will meet this afternoon at 4 o'clock
to take some action.
I'pon Dr. Baxet's motion the following
re-solutions regarding the establishment of
detention stations were adopted:
Wh^ereai!. In view of the grave emergency
*xl£t:n£ in the Chinese quarter of this city
ffwiaftr^apurcs «dart«»-i to the prrservation
ot the xuhlic hfaltb have become imperative;
a.rA wherfas. t-xpTience has demonstrated that
amorig the measures well adapted to circum
fcrihe and limit the injurious results of corj
taslouE and Infectious diseases is the eFtiib
lifhmest ot detention Ftatlons; now, therefore,
be it hereby
Reived, That th<» municipal authorities of
the city secure detention Ftations at Mission
Rock and ct Ohinpfe Cove on Angel Island, in
the bay of Pan Francifo, or wherever elfse
.•¦•btaincb!*. with >wonmf"iat:or.E therein for
70O>J person*; and be it further
Desolrad. Tiiat Hon. James D. Phelan.
Mayor cf this city, be an<T he is hereby r»-
QueEted to communicate W?lh United States
The Town Practically Shut Off From
the World by Action of Its >¦;
Authorities. iJ'n .'-.. . '.:¦:.
EUREKA. May 31— The action of Health
Officer Harris in quarantining all vessels
arriving from San Francisco has provoked
a storm of indignation here. The Health
Officer, acting he claims under general or
ders, ordered that all vessels before land
ing at the wharves must be searched for
Chinese and Chinese goods. : These In
structions were given to the : agents of
shipping companies here a week ago.
"When the steamer Pomona arrived on
Tuesday the Health Officer went down
the bay in a launch flying'the quarantine
flag and attempted to board the vessel.
Captain Parsons Ignored the Federal of
ficer and steamed by him, landing at the
wharf. This afternoon J. R. Baird, local
agent of the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany, received the following ": telegram
from Goodall. Perkins & Co.: ¦'-
"As no such legulations are in force at
any other port along the coast, and as it
!s impracticable for this company to op
erate its steamer under the regulations,
we will withdraw the service entirely un
til further orders."
. As soon as the contents of the telegram
became r?c-neraily known steps were taken
to hold an in.lipnation meeting at the
Chf-mber of Commerce rooms this evening.
If the Pomona is withdrawn from this
route It leaves Eureka practically with
out connection with the outside world, as
all Pteam schooners except the steamer
North Fork have been taken off the route
to engage in the Alaskan trade.' = •
The action of Goodall. Perkins & Co. In
taking off the steamer Pomona from this
route is directly attributable to a resolu-.
tion of the city Bdard of Health which
wa« passed to-day. It roads as follows:
"The Eureka Beard of Health: -directs tha
Health Officer to quarantine and fumigate
all vessels from San Francisco. -.It directs
the Health Officer to hold all passengers
in quarantine not bearing a Certified bill
of health from the Health Officers in San
Francisco, saying they have been under
inspection for ten days prior to their de
parture from the port of San Fraricit-co.
AH baggage or tonnage must bear qt;ar
antinc seal to be allowed to land without
disinfection. The board directs all vessels
to be held not loss than three days after
arrival. E. J. Ruddock, Health Officer."
Patrolmen Tracey and Owens Charged
With Disobeying Quarantine Or
ders in Chinese District.
|=^DLICEMEN GEORGE TRACEY
L.^ and E. M. Owens, both of whom are
j{ connected with the southern sta
tion, are !n danger of losing their
stars. Since the cordon was stretched
around Chinatown ;: Tracey and Owens
have been specially detailed in the Infect
ed quarter to prevent the Inhabitants from
leaving. ;:•=•¦ - :; . . ¦. ¦;
"Wednesday afternoon Chief : of Police
Sullivan happened to be walking along
Stockton street when he saw the two of
ficers emerging from a merchandise store.
They were wiping their mustaches, . and
when asked what they were doingin the
store they promptly replied that they were
thirsty and took a drink of cold tea, which
was proffered them by the Chinese pro
prietor. Ycsterdty forenoon charges were
preferred against the two men bv Captain
Spillane. At the next meeting of the Po
lice Commissioners they will have a
chance to explain why they deserted their
posts to accept a cup of cold tea. :
EUREKA CITIZENS ANGRY
AT QUARANTINE ORDERS
Senator Georce C. Perkins and enlist his as
sistance in this behalf.
The following . resolutions were also
adopted: ' •';'
Whereae. Durinp the present srave emergency
created by conditions extstinc in that portion
of this city known os Chinatown this Board of
Health has received from the United States
Marine HocDital Service and from Surceon J.
J. Kinyoun of that service very great and
valuable assistance and advice; now, therefore.
b<! It hereby . .
nesolved, That this board, while returning
1t slr.cerest thanks ¦ to the United States
Marine Ho«DitaJ Service and to Surgeon Kin
youn of that service, hereby request in its ef
forts to protect the public health the continued
co-operation of Surgeon Kinyoun and of i.ie
service of which li« is 60 consplcuoui and valu
able a member.
COLD TEA MAY COST TWO
OFFICERS THFIR STARS
Corino, the^ -Fugitive Governor of Benguet ; Prov
ince, a Prisoner— Disaster to a Party of
\A' v: "'--.va^l;:: '.¦%* 'American Scouts/ '"•'/."• .:
PARIS, May 31.— The American Publish
ers' Building of the Exposition was open
ed by the United States Embassador. Gen
eral Horace Porter, and the usual Ameri
can officials to-day. A big gathering of
Americans was present. Great interest
was taken In the production of the In
itial number of the Paris adltion of the
NeW York Times, which Is printed within
the building, : V • ¦
.. The .Publishers' building is on© or tne
most attractive features of the Ameri
can: exhibit. It Is tastefully arranged,
was handsomely decorated for the cere
mony and was crowded with prominent
Americans,^including Adolph S. Ochs,
proprietor of the New York Times, and
others, who made brief addresses. Lunch
eon, was then served by the . Time3 in
the rear building, which was converted
lntoj a garden. The remainder of the af
ternoon was given over to a reception
with excellent music. It was a l^st en
joyable function, bringing all the Ameri
cana together pleasantly. :"¦•:•¦-•< :
i :The publication of the Paris edition of
th^ Times under : the direction of Mr.
Ochs could: not be started until after 5
p< m., owing to the failure of the power
press. But as the papers began to run
off there was; a scene of great/enthusiasm,
cheers and the singing of patriotic songs.
The initial: number, containing sixteen
pages, was an exact duplicate typograph
ically of the New York Times. The Paris
edition of this paper will be produced daily
during the Exposition. The building will
be In charge of Lieutenant Sims. United
States naval attache. :
. The hori^rary : commissioners held a
meeting: in the National building to-day
and organized as a body for mutual bene
fits.' Up to. this time the commissioners
have been acting independently and no
one seemed to know their exact status
here. M. H. de Young, proprietor of the
San Francisco Chronicle, was chosen pres
ident, O. H. Fethers vice president and
Alvin H.. Sanders -secretary. The honor
ary commissioners will hold weekly meet
ings for the purpose of discussing Ex
position affairs as affecting Americans.
M,;H. de Young Chosen Presi
: . dent of Honorary Fair
''''"'¦ 'Commissioners. v
Interesting Ceremony Marks the
.Opening of the American Pub
;.:: Ushers' Building by Em :
bassador Porter.
OF INTEREST TO
AMERICANS AT
PARIS EXPOSITION
AGUINALDO YET AT LARGE,
BUT HIS FRIEND IS TAKEN
Continued from Page Twc
DANCER OF PLAGUE HAS PASSED
AND VIGILANCE WILL INSURE
COMPLETE SAFETY OF CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 1, 1900.
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON, May 31.— The following
pensions have been granted: Original—
Edwin M. Acker,- Oakland, $6; John B.
Collins, Delano, $8; James Donnelly. "Vet
erans' Home, Napa, $6; William J. Col
lins. Chico, $6; Charles C. Aublee, Adln,
$G; John Roll, San Francisco, '$*>.- Increase
—Bryan McDonald, Placerville, $10; Henry
M. Mitchell. San Francisco, $8; Louis Mer
hand.. Pleyto, $10.
Oregon: • Orignal— John F. Staniels, The
Dalles, $6; Jared -Wilson Rainier, $6.-
Washington: Orignal— Robert G. Gibson,
Walla Walla, $6; James Bartlett, Weiser,
$6. ' • " • • •
John B Mitchell has been commissioned
Postmaster at Maple Creek, Cal. The fol
lowing Postmasters have been appointed:
Callfornia-Amedie.La'seen County, L. A.(
Myers, vice Samuel A' Johnstone, .re
signed; Piano, Tulare County. F. W.
Reed, vice Harry Thomson, resigned.
Washington— Fredonia, Skaglt County,
Frederick Eyre, vice Patrick Callahan, re
moved. ¦•"'."".. .„ ' . '
Rural free delivery service will be estab
lished June 11 at Shedd, Linn County, .Or.
SIX PERSONS KILLED BY
DYNAMITE EXPLOSION
\ ¦ ¦¦-..
CHILTON, Wis.. May 31.— Six persons
were killed by an explosion of dynamite
to-day in the home of William Broehm,
one mile north of Forest Junction. . The
dead: .¦'.'¦•
WILLIAM 03ROEHM. • ¦ v
MRS. WILLIAM BROEHM. V c
> THREE BROEHM CHILDREN. <,
MR. STEBBINS, a brother-in-law. ,
The " hi>use was completely demolished.
Mr. Broehm was a wealthy farmer and
well known In the county. r The cause of
the explosion is unknown. An inquest
was immediately begun.
MARIETTA. .Ohio. May 31.— An explo
sion of nitroglycerin on the Kelly farm,
a few miles east of this. place, to-day re
sulted in four deaths, fbur fatally injured
and three seriously injured. Fifty quarts
of - nltroglycerin had been lowered in a
370-foot oil well. The "godevll" was
dropped as usual, but failed to set the
shot off. A "Jack squib". was made. with
glycerin in a tube connected by a fuse.
This .was" dropped, and in striking the can
at the bottom the main shot exploded and
sent great quantities of water, oil and the
unexplpded squib into the air. The squib
fell on , the derrick floor unnoticed. As
soon as the watercleared away there was
a great rush to the derrick by tbe inquis
itive countrymen. The employes of the
Marietta Torpedo Company and the con
tractors could not keep them back; but
fled to a safe distance themselves. There
were a"bouffifteenin the derrick, where the
fuse to the squib, ignited the glycerin, and
the terrible result followed. The killed.-
WILLIAM M. WATSON.
H. E. SELTON.'
FRANK SPEERS. '.•¦¦
THOMAS DANIELS.', \.
-Fatally wounded:
JAMES P. SPEEBS.., O^»
HERMAN SPEERS. ? ¦ " ' . . '"•
DAWSON STALLAR. «WIi
WILLIAM CARPENTER. . ; "
. Seriously wounded: John Stellar' Wal
ter Daniels and Henry Stallar.
The victims are residents of this county,
well to do and, prominent citizens*
A "Jack Squib" Holds Fire
and Countrymen Crowd
In in Ignorance.
FOUR KILLED
BY EXPLOSION
AT AN OIL WELL
Speclal Cable to . The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald
Publishing Company.
HAVANA, May 31.— Army officers In
Havana are Interested in a movement, to
vindicate the honor of the military admin
istration by demanding the recall of an
army officer from his present post to face
either a court-martial or criminal charges
in the courts. This officer was a member
of General Ludlow's. staff during the lat
ter's term as military governor. "The
charge is made that he used his official
position to extort money from various
persons. Specific allegation is made that
he levied tribute, said to amount to $4D00,
on Havana dairymen in consideration of
not 'enforcing the military order requiring
them to remove their cows from the city
to the country. Other charges made re
late to his alleged .acceptance * of bribes
from horse dealers whose animals were
suspected of. having glanders; to petty
extortions levied on persons whose houses
were subject to plumbing and other sani
tary requirements; to blackmailing wine
merchants, whose goods were : subject' to
sanitary inspection, and to various other
exactions. The accused officer la also
charged with having compelled Havana's
hotel-keepers to board himself and his
family free under -penalty of making ex
tensive plumbing and other . repairs in
their places.
Overwhelming evidence was presented,
and was not controverted, but the Wash-
Said to Have Levied Tribute
Upon Various People in
Havana.
ARMY OFFICER
CHARGED WITH
BLACKMAILING
Ington authorities were afraid If the ac
cused officer were compelled to submit to
a court-martial this Isolated scandal
would be misinterpreted as involving the
whole American military administration.
So they decided to act without publicity,
and the officer was quietly transferred to
the Philippines. , /
ST. CLAIR. Wls., May Sl.-Captaln Arlie
Morrison, Frank Campbell and William : Med
lar were killed by lightning. The three men
were at work in . the cabin of a new boat.
The lightning struck the mait, splintering It
and passed down into the cabin.
LOVELAND, Ohio. May 31. —Carl Haub, for
merly connected with a local German news
paper, shot and killed his niece. Miss Bertha
Yucker. assistant principal of the Orchard-
Btreet Kindergarten School and then killed him
self. Iiaub was 50 years old and his niece 25.
BERLIN, May 31.— Considerable excitement
was caused here Wednesday by the arrest of
an individual on Unter den Linden as the Em
peror was proceeding to Potsdam station. The
man's strange actions led to his arrest, and an
examination of the 'prisoner showed him to bo
Insane.
8
KBp^ WOMIfflJL
l# v TRUSS.
RUPTURE CURED.
IV INVEN'TINO HIS WORLD-RENOWNED
••Magnetic Elastic Truss" Dr. Ple.ce ipv« to
the nubile the most remarkable remedy ev*r
rtw-evered fcr the successful treatment of Her-
rll or Rupture. Tfcousands of sufferers hav»
b£n permanently relieved and radically CURED
hv this ereat appliance and thousands of others
ire now on the road to complete recovery. This
Truss la different frcra all other*. It does th«
W You can get our "BOOKLET TTo. 1" by call-
in* at the office, or K will be sent on receipt of
a Z-clm ;iua». It tells all about this Trus*.
Artdre?s. _-.... «-.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
OiO Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel).
Eastern OJflce— New Tort City.
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
HOUBP. »'.to 8; SUNDAYS, 10 to 4.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
New York Dental Parlors*
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES. •
dvisi? OR. JORDAN'S cjuat 4
ymsum of anatomy*
Y T^g The Largest Anatpmicil Museum in the \
A J*JBT_ World y> eainet'es ot any contracted m
Ei*J Stf di»ea<e pc*t«J"*ly ettr^a t>y the oldest J
Q fib? i •Hi -pec;-..i\ir:itht:Co«*t Est.J6yaai». "©
A £§5&f& C5. J032AM-P2IVATE S:S£ASES^
\ i'(*yiT&fl <-o«wottatJon free and rtrtctly prime \
A K YS%/H Tr« irai'rnt personally cr by letter. A m
\ n fr V tt /W*n»« CWrs in e»ery case undertaken. -W
A~\l \*h Write (or Book. pniLOMOPOYvfJ
" * if 3* HAIinlA»K. MA1LBO F2E2. (Af
» JJ M, valuable boo!i tot o*-n> \
9 Dfl. {UROAN A CO.. ICO! Martcet St. St. F. 7
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED ANT> FTIXED AB-
6OLiUTEl/S" WITHOUT PAIN, by our lat»
»e!*nt!ac nr.*tho<l applied to the mn* .No
s!eep-produclnK agents or cocaine.
These •« the only dental parlors tn Ran
Francisco bavin* PATENTED APPLIANCES
and ingredients to extract, fill and apply cell
crowns and porcelain crowna usdetectabU from
ratura! teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
Ueth $3. a perfect fit pnaraateed or no pay.
Gold crowns. JS. Gold filling. $1. SUrer fl!!-
inr«. Me. All work don* by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from. 13 to 10 years' experience, and
each department in charge o* a specialist. Gly»
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
ai w« advertise. We will tell you Ja advance
exactly what your work will cost by a FRSB
EXAMINATION.
"For Twenty Years I've Suffered,
and Now I am Well."
fl Miracle Performed for a Father and HI*
Three-Year-Old Son— Millions of
People Need Relief.
"What causes them?.
Xothing but irregular working of th«
bowels. When a nauseous mass of undi-
gested food ferments in the Intestines in-
stead of beius passed out of the body its
pressure congests the blood vessels and
produces all kinds of piles— bleeding, blird
Itching:, all horribly painful and annoying*
Nothing -will cure them except to go at
the cause, make the boweb regruFar and
then tone up the intestines so they can"
keep regular. Only a strong intestinal
tonic can do it, and Cascarets Candy Ca-
thartic are the best known. The best kind
of a proof Is the experience of Mr. Heitz:
CHICAGO. 111., February 13, 1S99.
Gentlemen — I have been using your Caa-
carets for almost a year with great suc-
cess, not only relieving chronic constipa-
tion, but they have cured me of bleeding
piles (which two surgical operations failed
to do. putting me to great expense and
needless pain). I have recommended them
to many friend3, with good results. Very
truly yours. FRANK ROGERS.
No. 228 East Forty-first street. Chicago. 111.
Sufferers from piles! Go and do likewise!
Buy and try Cascarets to-day! It's what
they do. not what we say they'll do, that
firoves their merit. They make the liver
Ively. the bowels regular, the blood pure.
All druggists. 10c. 23c or 50c. or mailed for
price. Send for booklet and free sample.
Address Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago;
Montreal, Can.: New York.
eThis 13 the CASCARET tab-
let. Every tablet of the only
genuine Cascarets beara the
magic letters "C C C." Look
at the tablet before you buy,
and beware of frauds, imita-
tions and substitutes. .
PILES OF PAIN
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V. --;; GOLD SEPARATOR.
Eureka Separator and Amalgamator; pan mo-
tion: in operation 26 Beale st . •
In stock, steam, gas, gasoline; full line; nifr*.
prices. American Mfrs. Assn.. 20 Fremont.
TANKS.
TANKS— PSLClfle Tank Co.. , manufacturers 35
Beale st.. 8. F. : 34S K.1A St.. Los Angeles.
( V>I>*^ 1|^5^1 reraedy for GonorrtwSr
Weet, SparmatorrhoBT
0jf.tf izl v>l itji-Xi Whitea, unnatural Ii>
&'£}f Gtinnu*d Q charges, or any lnlerpm*.
f,i,-/ -ot to )i-!«:oM. tn. u. .irritation or Uicer^
f^^a^*?r>rests aouuslen. tion nt Batiooa* rrtri*.
U^jTiXUll'iiM CHtilTC it Ro. branes. No«»-Mtrtagent
¥^\ClNK!l»AT1.0 ferr^i *»ld h» Bnijtan
vt, i: 5v. 0. "". a "a\s S r ** nt * n P** ln wrsr^er,
Weak Men and Women
SHOLXD CSE DAM1A.N A. BrTTERa. TUB
rt«at Mexican remedy; gives health and
»tien«th.to fcsual orcani. Depot. S3 Market.
CAFE lOKILggi .
.Valiacacbecltea txs+ /
\jS}j Are you suf-
p§ fe ring with
Stomach Trouble, &£?£
W/{ Fema!e Complaint,
'¦&%%& . Nervousness,
fjjp$ Dyspepsia or any . 3g([|
S| ellctfTozove -.BS
A?} }• M:\villcjrevou.
XgpJ 1 At &ruez''V*,' tl bottle.
MEDIC IN3 CASES.
FERRY DKUO CO .S&v.
REYNOLD'S
tjf|l |
£"—•?£* «¦£? E3 *" ew I* 1500 * nee*
Gout or Rheumatism, if on tbe first approach!
of the paroxysm they have recourse to this rem-
edy then, a single dose is often scflclent.
F VortiER.% & CO.. «O.ao .V William »t.. V.v.
PORTABLE hOUSES. '
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO., Washington
and 1st sts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. s. F.
KR.PSERCES
MEDICAL J
FOR THE I
SAKD CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
¥ 1 riTTA V Gold dredging pumps, the only
.IAwlV3Uii successful pump manufactured.
OUR GOLD DREDOINO PUMPS
»TH"WtJ Were successful at Nome last
I* If 3 if jf| ' year. All others failed. In opera-
. luvrv lion dally. 9 Stevenson St.. S. F.
T> T> TT O II PC FOR BARBER3. BAK-
UllUyilMM houses, billiard table*,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries. p«jxer-
hansers/ printers, painters, shoe factories, .ta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
, V BUCHAN Vi BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 6O9 Sacramento St
DOCTOR We Cure
Lost Manhood,
/Y\ey er S Varlsocele, Rupture.
Private Diseases.
tg. C^O. Blood Poison.
Kidney Diseases, etc.
Epeei&lIsiJ— Establish Nearly 23 Years.
731 Market Street. B»n Fr»nei3C9, Cal
seaSAN BERNARDINO, May . 31.— A. C,
Lunins was Wiled this . af terneon at
Suverkrup &¦ Hook's mills in the L,lttle
n ear Valley, tuning: was working, with a
loreing crew when^ih^'some way a large
log started and rolled .down the hill and
oyer him he fore he could ret out of the
way He was so badly, crushed that death
t ollo'wed in a few minutes. , .
ETXA. May 31.— William Covey, who
was< placed under a peace bond here a
few months ago. and who afterward went
to Sawyer's Bar to reside, shot and killed
an Indfan named Brazil at Sawyer's Bar
on Sunday last-
It appears that Covey while drinking
aroused the bad blood in the Indian and a
fcuSI.- took place. In attempting to *hoot
tb" Indian Covey ehot himself through
tl<- left forearm, and as the Indian fled
shot him four times In the back,
kiV r.r him Inftantly. Covey has fled. The
Sheriff is here to-day looking for him.
Again in Trouble.
Fpecial Dispatch to The Call.
KILLED AN INDIAN.
.
William Covey, Formerly of Etna,
THAT DELIGHTFUL
EXCURSION TO
210 TINT SHASTA.
As heretofore predicted; the sale of tick
ets for the great Shasta excursion, leav
ing here on Saturday next, will soon reach
the 200 mark, the limit set by the South
ern Pacific Company as the number of
passenger* that can be accommodated on
this occasion. . ¦ x
Intending excursionists, should bear' in
mind that this train win leave San Fran
cisco Saturday evening next. June 2. at 7
o'clock, and on the 'return will arrive in
San Francisco at 7:45 a. m., Monday,
June 4.
Special round-trip tickets. Including
Fleeping car accommodations will be sold
at the extremely low rate of ?1Q.
Meals en route will be extra and will be
served from the buffet in each sleeper a la
carte, . . .
Thi* splendid excursion train will be In
charjje of the Southern Pacific' Company's
well-known excursion passenger agent,
Mr. William H. Mcnton. who will give his
personal attention and time to the pleas
ure and comfort of passengers.
Dr. Edward. S. Clark of This City
..-. Dies on a Napa
Dr. Edward Stephen Clark, a well
known physician of this city, died Wednes
day last at a farm near Napa Springs,
where he had gone a few days ago for
the benefit of his health. "'}.¦_. ; T;'. '
Deceased was a 'member of the San
Francisco County and the State Medical
societies, the San Francisco Microscopical
and the San Francisco Bacteriological so
cieties.and the San Francisco Polyclin'ic.
He wa£ a!so a member of the Astronomi
cal Society. of the Pacific and the Califor
nia Academy of Sciences, of which latter
institution he was; the curator .of geology
and palaeontology, arid was corresponding
member of scientific societies in .the East
and in Europe. < ..•
Dr. Clark presented to the Academy of
Sciences more than 10,000 geological speci
mens, which he had - gathered in Ken
tucky and Louisiana. 1 •'. -He was a native of.
Kentucky. 44 years of age. and leaves a
wife and one .child, also a brother. Carl
ton H. Clark : of this' city. 'The remains
will be cremated, at Odd Fellows' Ceme
tery to-morrow.
WELL KNOWN PHYSICIAN :;
PASSES TO THE BEYOND
HAPPY COUPLE WILL
HOLD CELEBRATION
The. Emperor of Germany's portrait is
being painted by Professor Hubert Her
komer. v; ; ¦
Art Goods Sale,
At the marble room. Palace Hotel, offers
something entirely new in oil painted and
burnt leather work. Goods open to inspec
tion this afternoon and evening. •
George Miller, who lesides with his
mother at 1331 Florida street, attempted
suicide by shooting himself in the head
last night. Miller had been employed in
the California Box' Faotory for some time
and after quitting there' went to Petaluma
in search of work. Returning home, he
started to drink, and while laboring- under
a fit of despondency went into the cellar
of his residence and fired the shot. Offi
cer C. -\V. Brown had Miller removed to
the City and County Hospital. The physi
cians pronounced the wound dangerous,
but probably not fatal, as the bullet did
n«*t enter the brain.
Shot Himself in the H«ad.
HOLLAND- NO. 3. AMERICAN (1396).
T PTicth ' c .3 feet- diameter 10 feet; propulsion by a iras motor whilj afloat «nd'el»c
??tffiMK^taSSS5: submersion through the Introduction of water; armed with
of motor are usually provided. A steam,
gas or oil engine can be used at the sur
face, but not beneath it. where there 13
no way of escape for the smoke or gasea.
The motor for propulsion under water is
in general electric, although superheated
water or compressed air may be used. A
liquid air motor would possess some ad
vantages for such service. Two of the
most successful French boats designed by
Zede used electric motors only, supplied
by accumulators. Their capacity is suf
ficient to give a range of action of thirty
five or forty miles.
Methods of Submergence.
Submergence is accomplished principally
by the admission of water Into tanks ar
ranged for the purpose. Thi3 Is in some
cases supplemented by vertical screws or
by horizontal rudders or vanes. A boat
bottom over which she has to proceed.
Plenty of compressed air is carried ir»
tanks, but its use is chiefly mechanical,
as air is pumped in from the surface
through tubes attached -to floats.
The arrangement for giving the drvera
free access ta the vessel when on the bot
tom is Ingenious. The divers' room is
tightly closed and compressed air admit
ted until the pressure within is the same
as that of the water without. Then the
door In the bottom is opened^ Water can
not eiiter because of the air pressure, and
the divers can easily step in or out. or a
man can stand in the room rruite dry and
pick up articles from the bottom with a
rake or fork. .
The Argonaut la provided with pumps
for sand and coal, and is designed <*o be
used for recovering cargoes from wrecked
vessels, as well as for all kinds of divers'
» . GUST AVE ZEDE NO, 2. FRENCH (1SD2). *._';
Length. 14? .feet: diameter. .10.75 feet: displacement. 280 tons: propulsion by a 750 horse
power electric motor; submersion through the introduction of water and the use
- .- of a horizontal rudder. *'•*-'; . . '¦- .1
work, such a« -cleaning ships' bottoms and
layingf stone.-under water.
Note— This • paper concludes the coursa
in '•Scientific Discoveries." No examina
tion will be set In this course. <>: ; „
in motion' may be made to go under th'e
water by changing the angle of the hori
zontal vanes, but if the forward* motion
should cease the boat without water bal
last would rise to the surface again. Any
THOMAS WINTRIXGHAM.
TH.OMAS WINTRINGHAM, secretary
and cashier of the firm of Parrott
& Co., died early yesterday morning
at-his home in San Rafael. Deceased
had been connected with Parrott & Co.
for the past twenty-four years, and at the
time of his death had an interest in the
firm. Although Mr. Wintringham had
been ailing for the last few days his sud
den taking off came as a surprise to the
family. Death was caused by an attack
of neuralgia of the heart.
The deceased was well known and high
ly respected. He was a native of N"ew
York. 50 years of age. and left a wife,
one son and a daughter.
The foneral will take place from the
family home in San Rafael td-morrow at
10:30 a., m. Interment will be at Laurel
Hill Cemetery, in this city. Rev. \V. K.
Guthrie. a liie-lonjr friend of the deceased,
will conduct the services.
THE NEW "ARGONAUT."
Length 66 feet; D, diver's room:. C, cabin: O, operating rcoin; T, conning tower; O.
galley; E, engine room.
vided with an abundant supply of com
pressed air in tanks, sufficient in some
cases to enable the crew to live comfort
ably at the bottom for a day or longer, be
sides serving other purposes in the opera
tion of the boat. Liquid air may possibly
be serviceable for such purposes.
Methods of Propulsion.
The submarine boats of a century ago
were propelled while under water by oars
or a wheel. The oars projected through
the sides with water-tight joints of oiled
leather, and could be feathered or turned
edgewise on the return stroke. \\ hat
kind of a wheel was used Is not clear, but
it probably was not a screw. Since the
invention of the screw, however, all boats
have used it. In some of the earlier
screw boats no motor was provided, and
the «*crew had to be turned by hand. The
boat used with ultimate success by the
Confederate forces in the Civil War was
propelled in this way. Xow. two forms
naut, the name which Lake has given to
each of his boats, is intended to navigate
on the surface or on the bottom. Sur
face navigation is provided for in the us
ual way. For progressing on the bottom
there are three wheels, one of which
serves for steering. The other two are
worked by the motors and may be as
sisted by the screw.
The latest Argonaut, launched last sum
mer, has a regular yacht body built above
the submarine boat, so that when sail
ing on the surface the crew can live r:s
comfortably as on any surface boat.
When it is desired to go to the bottom
the crew retire3 Into the metal shell,
which Is closed, and anchor weights a.re
lowered uritli they ' rest on the bottom.
Water ballast is then taken in and the
anchor chains are wound up. pulling th •
boat down. By regulating the amount of
watep admitted the boat may- be- made to
rest on the wheels with any desired pres
sure, according to the • character of tho
BUSINESS MAN IS
CALLED BY DEATH
Thomas Wihtringham of
Parrott & Co. Expires
at San Rafael.
Ex- Judge Walter H. Levy
¦fj. Passes Away at His ; ¦
;"t; r Home; , ; ¦
fi=i X-JfDGE WALTER HEYDENV
$=3 FELDT LEVY, died at his rpi
jj_ j/ »ience.21O9 Jackson street, last night;
— ' at 10 o'clock. The deceased had been
suffering for the past three months with
liver complaint, but nothing serious »'a«
ihiniKht of it until the past week, when he
commenced to fail rapidly.
Judge Levy was in his. forty-sixth year.
He was born in Augus-ta. Ga., where he
was educated and admitted to practice
iaw after havinp graduated from George
town University. He arrived in ban
Francisco in 1*75 and entered the law firm
of his uncle. Judge S. Heydenfeldt. with
whom he remained until his appointment
by Governor Stoneman to the Superior
bench to fill a vacancy created by the in
sanity of Judge Plough. At the next elec
tion hi" was successful . in being elected
to fill the unexpired ttrm. after which he
was chosen for the full term of six years,
makine ten years in all which he served
as judge. During his term on the bench
he decided the case in which Lucky Bald
win's interest was at stake regarding the
Baldwin Hotel property. This decision
fave Baldwin the hotel property and the
upreme Court sustained it.
Previous to his assuming the judicial
dignity the deceased served as Assistant
District Attorney under General Marshall.
He leaves a wife, two children and an
unmarried sister.
Judge Levy was a number of the Doric
Lodge of Masons and also a member of
Spartan Lodge. United Order of Work
men: The luneral will take place Sunday
from the late residence of the deceased.
HE OCCUPIED THE ;
/SUPERIOR BE1SCH
The .'school census 'report for 'the year
ending- June' »>. 1900. was filed yesterday
with the Board of .Education by Chief
Marshal Elbert. It shows a total of 78.554
census children between a and 17 years of
ago, an increase of 2262 over last year.
As the State pays an average of $9 for
each eligible school child the School De
partment of this citfy and county will be
enriched by over $700,000, an increase of
tC.O.COO over last year.
: The board extended a. vote of thanks to
Chief Census Marshal ;Elbert for the effi
cient manner in which he had conducted
the census and for his good work in
adding over 3000 names to the census roll.
The report, compared with' that of the
year ending June 30, 1&39, shows these
facts: •.
Number of v.hite children between 5 and 17
years. of age— Boys. 2S.2SS: sirls. 37,974; total,
76,232; school census USft, 73.24fi; increase, 23S6.
Xural*r cr neero ehjldrpn between 5 and 17
years of ace — Boys, HI; girls. 134: total, 275;
school census 1?9V, 206; increase. C9 • ¦
Native born Mongolians, between' 5 and 17
years of age— Uoys, 1195; Kirls. S,',2; total, 2047;
Echr.nl census 1SD9, 1840; increase,' 207.
. Total number of ce-nMis children between 5
and 17 years of age, 7S.;04; school census 1899,
7r>.2'.'2; incrrase. 32fi2. •
Number of children undPF ."> years of age—
White. 1'2,?47;, negro, 73; Mongolian. '44<s total,
23.46 s ; school census JSiW, 23.07«: increase, 352.
Number of children between n and 17 years of
age who have attended fublif schools at any
time .luring the school year. 5O.5N7; school cen
sus 1S59. 4S.072; increase, £r,ir,.
Number cf ihildren between 5 and 17 years of
age who havo attended private schools." but no
public schools, at any time during th? year,
S311; school rensus lg99,/9910: decrease, 539.
Number of children bPtween 3 ant1 17 years of
ape who have not attended school at any time
durine thf school year. 1S.63C; school census
lS'A 17.-310: ini-rea«e, 134S.
Nativity of children— Native born. 110,43?; fnr
eijrn born. 1T.S7: total. 102.022; school census 1803.
9S.36S; total increase of children under 17 years
of a;e, 3«4.
The com of taking the school census
this year was $4346, against $4?3Ct for last
year. •
City, Will Receive a Large
; Amount of Jioney From
:-. the. State. ; :
SCHOOL CENSUS
SHOWS INCREASE
OVER LAST YEAR
LAKE, AMEPvICAN (1SO€). .
The "Argonaut." length. 52.5 feet!'
diameter, 11. 75 feet; propulsion by &
screw actuated by a itearn engine while.
afloat and wheels driven by an electric
motor when \ submerged; submersion
through a reservoir of water, emersion
through a counterpoise; constructed of
steel. ¦ ¦
a submarine boat habitable Is an adequate
supply of air. For this the crew must
depend upon the supply carried in the
boat, or there must be communication
with the surface through supply and ex
haust tubes through which the air is
forced by pumps. Both methods have
teen used, either separately or In com
bination. The more modern boats are pro-
in gold, one sealskin jacket, two silk shirt
waists and a silk skirt. He had caused a
search warrant to be. issued against the
premises of Vera Cameron, 1004 Jones
i-trfet, who. he claimed, enjoyed the un
lawful possession of the property. Miss
Cameron had applied to Judge Seawell for
a writ of prohibition to prevent the fur
ther hearing of the search warrant pro
ceedings. A. S. Newburgh and S. Rosen
helm appeared to impress upon the court
the great wrong and irreparable damage
that would result to their client if fur
ther hearing was permitted in the Police
Court. Judge Sea well, however, was un
able to hear the case then and continued
it until this afternoon.
Lezinsky and Newburgh wandered out
into the corridor discussing the case. All
hands interested in the diamonds follow
ed. Lezinsky was heard to wildly ex
claim: "I don't want to talk to your kind
of trash." The bejeweled fist of opposing
counsel swung full on. .the lezinsky jaw,
nnd what a fall was there! Lezinsky
turned over and shielded his face with his
open palms, while Newburgh barked his
knuckles on the rear of th3 prostrate
THE wrath of Mars fell heavily on
the head of Attorney George L«
zinsky yesterday afternoon. During
a brief hour in the City Hall In pur
suit of jewels and .clothing that onco
adorned the fair form of Vera Cameron.
he-was handed a couple of packages that
left dark and s.hining -samples just be
neath his piercing legal eye. It was. a
hard day for I^zinsky and one of glory,
for hJs passing: enemies. Between them
they disturbed the police and quietude of
the gray corridor? for ji full haif hour, but
the bayir.gr of the dogs of war reached no
po.llcfman's ear and henoe none of the
.fighters graced a prison cell. ;¦'
.j-; : The opening of the little difficulty oc
l.rurred shortly after 2 'o'clock in the corr
' : ridor- near Judge Seawell's courtroom.
• 'Lezinsky had come to tourt to defend his
! claim" to one. flye-stone diamond ring, two
I opal: and diamond rin^s, a turquoise and
; diamond ring. • a diamond lace pin, ?20Q
¦ • *
head. Bailiff Williams successfully inter
vened by threatening to lick both contest
ants. Lezinsky, without support, hurried
down the corridor toward the Chief's of
fice. Newburgh. with a strong rear guard,
deployed and went the other way. On
approaching the Chief's office Lezinsky
was accosted by Attorney R. E. H.
Lyons. :
"Hullo." said Lyons. "Hear they handefl
you a package upstairs."
"You're, the same kind : of trash as
they." responded Lezinsky, with a mild
display of temper. .
On* came Lyons' glasses and with a deft
side step and corkscrew hook the Le
zinsky jaw again felt the jarring impact
of five in a- bunch. A full right swing
beneath Lezlnsky's opposite eye turned
him. and as he hurried through the cor
ridors in search of a warrant the enter
tained onlookers became aware that the
day's battles were over. Lezinsky's
search for a policeman was futile, but
to-day one may be found. In the interim
Judge Seawell'p bailiff is painting a sign
which will rearl: "Attorneys, leave your
guns in the corridor!"
•¦•:; . . . V v^
M . Lezinsky Passed Through a Regular Carnival of Fistic Events.
boat which depends on the use of van**
for submergence 13 more properly a diving
or plunging boat. Several of the modern
boats can be steered In this way. among
them those of Nordenfelt. Zede. Peral and
Holland. In the Goubtt, Baker and Tuck
boats the angle of the propellers can be
changed, thus changing the course. • An
other Ingenious method of submergence is
by a change in volume, which may be ac
complished by the use of water-tight pis
tons. This, however. Is only a particular
way of admitting water ballast.
Although much popular enthusiasm has
recently been aroused in France by the
performances of two or three boats, we
may leave them without further descrip
tion and pass at once to the consideration
of the boats which have the most Interest
for us— those of Holland and of Lake.
The Holland.
There hare been three Holland boats.
The first was a very small one. holding but
one man. who propelled the • boat by
working the screw with his feet while half
reclining in a very uncomfortable position.
The boat was only two fert high and less
than two feet wide. The second, known as
the Plunger, the largest of the three, ta
complicated bv a great deal of machinery.
The third is the one of which we have
heard so much in the last three years.
The appearance of this boat at once sug
gests the whale. It 13 fifty-five feet lonir.
ten feet in diameter and circular in sec
tion. At about the center of the back
is the connlnc tower. In which the pilot
HOLLAND NO. 1. AMERICAN
(1S75).
Length. 1R.5 feet; width, 1.75 feet;
iclKht. 2 feet: propulsion by a pedal
»nd scr»w; submersicn through the in
iroductlon of water.
stands, and a narrow platform extend3
lengthwise of the boat for use at the sur
face. Under it is a small storage space.
The boat Is propelled by a gas motor whil>>
afloat and by an electric motor white sub
merged. Submersion is by water ballast
or by horizontal vanes, or both. The boat
carrlf-s an abundant supply of compressed
air and is armed with lorpcfloes. two
aerial and one submarine. . The trials of
this boat have been very successful an<l
her performances appear to be reliable. In
her official trial before the navy board
about a year ago she made several suc
cessful dives and ran for a considerable)
distance ten feet below the surface with
scarcely an appreciable variation from the
course. The course, when under water,
is largely a matter of guesswork, as the
compass Inside a steel boat 13 of little or
nn sprvice. ..,•..'
The proper function of a submarine tor
pedo boat is said by experts to be, to aet
one part in a scheme of harbor defense
or to clear an entrance of mines'. It 13
much more limited than is generally sup
posed. '• -". •
The Lake Boat.
Xearly if not quite all the boats- except
those of Lake are Intended for war pur
poses only. Lake, however, has bullded
on a different plan and his boats are in
tended chiefly for peaceful pursuits. The
fundamental difference is this: Other
boats are Intended to navigate bet-ween
the surface and the bottom. The Argo-
Copyright, 10OO, by Seymour Eaton,
Xote— These papers on practical science have
been prepared for The Call's Home Study Cir
cle by Professor William J. Hopkins ol Drexel
Institute. . ••.¦-¦:. .
IX. SUBMABINE BOATS.
The study of submarine navigation Is
far from new. ' Within the last few years,
however,' It has been revived and pursued
with renewed energy, especially in the
United States and in France, and t.he per
formances of the boats have been followed
by the public with great Interest.
A submarine boat must first of all be
DAVID BUSHNELL.. AMERICAN'
(1773).
The "Turtle." Diameter, ! 8-25 feet:
propulsion by means of oars; submersion
through the Introduction of water:
armed with a rudimentary torpedo:
constructed of copper.
habitable both on the surface and beneath
it. Otherwise it is no more than a tor
pedo. It must be sufficiently under the
control of the pilot and go down or up
to either side as he directs. Great speed
is not necessary, but to be useful it must
have reasonably great range of action. In
other words, it must be able to operate at
a reasonable distance from Its port with
out becoming helpless and unable to re
turn because of loss of motive power.
Hatitability.
The principal ining neoessary to make
RECENT SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERIES.
Attorney Lezinsky, Chastised by Opposing Counsel, Later
Father Yorke Resents Statement That
Ten Thousand Voters Are on
. Level of Followers of :
: ~ : the Mahdi. . '
Henry Austin. Adams lectured in Met
ropolitan Temple last evening upon
"America's Debt to the Catholic Church."
Rev. Peter C. Torke also spoke briefly
following the address by Mr. Adams. The
exercises opened with organ music by
Robert Harrison. Catholic clergymen ajid
prominent laymen occupied the stage. The
entrance of th© speakers was the signal
for long continued applause. The audi
ence was large.
Father Yorke introduced Mr. Adams,
speaking briefly and paying humorous
tribute to the orator's lecture on theaters,
which was calculated to induce even grim
Bishops to make less severe rules about
theater-going.
Mr. Adams said that as he crossed the
mountains coming to California his fore
most wish was to hear Father Yorke,
whose thunders had been heard on the
Atlantic Coast. He was grateful to Rev.
Mr." Parrish, who had telegraphed to his
(Adams') old friend Johnson. He would
have bet dollars to doughnuts that he
could tell what Johnson's answer would
be. The speaker read part of a letter
from his friend Bishop Moreland, who
wrote: "More power to your elbow, old
man, even if I can't congratulate you on
your conversion." At the end of the let
ter was a statement that "Parrish is an
honest, conscientious fellow."
Mr. Adams said that he took Bishop
Moreland's word about Mr. Parrish. He
could not deal with the latter directly
for diplomatic relations had been severed.
He would have to follow the example of
great powers that deal through third par
ties and take the public into his confidence
and so invite Mr. Parrlsh to dine with
him at a restaurant and there bury the
hatchet.
After this pleasantry Mr. Adams en
tered upon his theme and carried the au
dience with him for an hour. He said
that Catholics discovered America, and
two men, who were really Tiamed Joe
Maguire and John Moran, although' they
were disguised under Spanish and Italian
names, were the first to land in th irty
of Columbus. . By right of prior \.
sion, unless it could be shown that they
had ceded their rights, the Magulres and
Morans were entitled to hold the country
still. '
Much of the discourse was given to cen
sure of "namby-pamby dude Catholics."
Mr. Adams recounted historical facts —
the writing of Magna Charta and its sig
nature by Catholics, and said that when
religious persecution was rife In the colo
nial days in New England and Xew York
Catholics alone were tolerant. The
speaker quoted' Charle3 A. Dana's state
ment that 52 per cent of the Revolutionary
Army were Catholics, and traced the his
tory of the United States, and said that
while it was true' that many non-
Catholics looked upon Catholics with sus
picion of being un-American In their sym
pathies. It was the fact that Catholics had
ever been ready to die for this Govern
ment. It was strange if they meant
some time to destroy it. The basis of mod
ern civilization was the home. The Cath
olic church, which opposed the evil of di
vorce, was the friend and supporter of
the home.
Father Yorke said that Mr. Adams had
struck the keynote of the Catholic Truth
Society when he had said that Catholics
needed to get a Rood opinion of them
selves. Something had been- done toward
telling the Catholics of San Francisco
that there was some difficulty for those
of their faith in America, as they were
in a minority and could not introduce the
thumbscrew and the inquisition yet.
(Laughter.) Catholics had been looked
down upon so much that some of them
actually believed that they had no
rights. It was an old song and an old
story, but there was need for repetition
every day that Catholics had as many
rights as any other people in the United
States and that they would enjoy them
only when they depended on themselves
to secure them. That was an old saying,
but there was a new variation.
There were Catholics with axes to grind
and men with no axes to grind, and the
latter did not care who was in the City
Hall or who drove the pound wagon. A
small minority of Catholics cared for pol
itics because it meant bread and butter
for them. They had as good a right as
any one, when bread and butter was po
ing down the line, to a share of it. The
"Catholic church existed for the great ma
jority of men and not for the minority.
The tail did not wag the' doer. XVhen poli
ticians thought to use the church they
were going too far. any man said
that 10,000 voters were on a level with the
followers of the Mahdi. were fools and
idiots if they fai.ed to recognize, his trans
cendent ability, it was presuming too
much to suppose that human nature
would not resent it. If any party should
take" up such a man after that it would
be because of belief that those 10.000 vot
er? had sunk so low that they had no
self-respect.'
It was well Ui come down from general
facts to particulars, the speaker said. He
knew that there were some men at the
City and County Hospital who could not
lecture on tapeworms without speaking
against Catholics. Courage enough was
needed to . kick slanderers downstairs.
There was no Christianity where there
\^as no manliness, and no manhood with
out self-respect. The thing that Catho
lics needed most of all was self : respecL
It did not become gentlemen to sneak in
through the kitchen. Men wh« stood in
the street and knocked at the front door
until they were admitted went into the
parlor and for thorn and for their chil
dren were the mansions of the King's
house.
Henry Austin Adams' Topic
Was "America's Debt to
the Church."
CATHOLICS HEAR
STIRRING WORDS
FROM CLERGYMEN
BoaJrd of Education decided yester
*3ny to refer the report of j Health Ofticer
ivjsrjen, to >the effect that the Burnett
iVirruiry Scliool i«= in a very unsanitary
cciJitJition.' .to t'h« Board o.f Supervisors for
.aciion. -,Dn .Q'Brieji pug-bested that the
teJjD'elhoiis'e .be;, quarantined ,' at once, as
Sovth San .Fr;!ncisco^ the district In
U is ipbatfd.; is infected *with scarlet fe
. r. Sui^riEtendent, Webstec thought
! at L»r. •••+» BftoTi's supgpstion should .be
< arricd out ; ;injiiiiediat»iy!,- but Director
Denman p:i?j^ct.ed. onj -.the "ground that the
Board. of ;3i5iica : ti6n : had tio right to close
tlijei-f*>h/i>bU .'••¦'•. ¦'¦]"" -¦: ¦:.¦''-; ¦¦¦' ;
. iv. narrtngrtorfc represenUng South San
.Fr.andsco improvement Club No; 1, ciaim
"cd: that' the school housie :: was a disgrace,
iipS .thjat'-the members .';of the club had'
i. creed •.¦twj; -id permit their children to go
ln» it.V'Mr. Harrington nald that arow
shxjuld oe built at' a cost of
i.o.':'!). and a.^ttition to :tha* effect will
be &cat to.tte* lioard ni Supervisors
At the. meeting held in the afternoon the
tubjeet: was=fifeain brcught before the
t .:.i bj r.Ca-s^erly. nho ?=aid that Health
°^ f ?f' < {^ 11 had >nformi:d him that the
school should -be closed. Denman thought
i. visit should b* made, to the school t>e
lore any action-was taken: Ga«aerly then
moved tbai the -school be closed immedi
atelj . . butVChalrman Mark and Denman
vutpd as?ainst : him. : • '. :. ¦
The followirifr resolution*. w^re adopted:
RefoJveA.-.ThiBt John.rS. l>rew be temporarily
r"iieied as-. : hl»l*. school teacher of the. Hum
l^.Wt Evening. K-hool and : .j««sijrned on pro
batioa to the yrtn-fipalf hip 1 >'f the BasiinesS
1>. enirg: Srhrvplxit the pleasure of the. board
Vi'f EL .0. Kilpatricik.. :.-¦'¦ .'¦ . . •
Th» ealarj- of.iAl- E:- RobertF. head teacher
OT mpchar.ica! . <jrq.w-in«r. .Huuibrtldt Even-jng
»«f ftsed. *t I.*"* per. month, to take
Effect Ju!>- -l, ; ISOOt- :¦ ' : "; : \ • ;
The .prihc-ipal.-bf thp Ml!«?ion : IJiirh Scboo!
v-«» au!hrriz<" : 1 .to : tipen ;a ' fomrnercial cf+st
ln-th* s-efiool-.-jiX -the. -commencement of next
¦Tm. July JSt,—l&tXL • . .¦»¦ '.-¦' • '¦ i ¦
ttlm B- Pn-?»rz«.zek,.bf thf Redding Fchnol.
u KTMpttj/litemsie «f-.ab?eace rrora Aupist L
XSW to" Jauuary/lt -1.HJI:- '¦¦'¦ '¦ •"•"•.• : ' .•¦
• The j\resrdeht.<'f:tb*JbQara- was authorized'to
c:.ga«e -aii «>Fi«uuit clerk apirins the month of
Jvn*-. lK^. - ;•• - : - '•; ¦'-. ; .' ; ¦ - -. ¦. s'--
The .application of th^. Hamilton Gram
.rsar Scrsool for p<rm?F£ibn to hold a gra.&
uation.ball in th«» aTiditoritim of the Girls'
I-figh. 'School- building was postponed for
•further consideration. ¦'- ; . . : • . ;. :
:The Ci\il eerx^loe Commission requested
the use of the Girls" High School building
l«fr tfce -examination to be held on June 15;
it.f; Board of Education to bear the ex*
rense of, . lighting.. ¦ Denman opposed
,si>fr)Gi-^ any unnecFsarj- amount of
mchej- lor the benefit of the commission.
Hfe thought the Civil Service examir.atibns
fchould be held in the Lincoln -c-hoolhouse
iitiol a. resolution to that effect was adopt
ed. If the commission. agrees. Chairman
Ma.rk is authorized to dismiss the ntght
.eohool for tha.t evening.: • ;
Superintendent Webfter requested that
his resolution offered March 7 providing
for a- revised schedule of pay for substi
tute teachers be taken up for action. The
schedule as arranged by the Superintend
ent provides $3 per diem for substitutes
of the second, third and fourth grades;
J4 per-dicm in the first, fifth, sixth, eev
t nth. eighth and ninth prades: Jo per diem
fnr high -school substitutes and principals
of grammar schools, arid Jl per diem for
reporting-. to the ofSce of the board. Con
sideration-of the resolution was poFtpon/»d
however, asthc-re is now a petition before
1 he board from substitute teachers asking
for an increase from S2 50 per diem to
tnj; old rat*. *Ln<2 the preposition will be
taken up fLt th- next meeting.
The Superintendent submitted a report
on the piandiris of schools visited by hl«
deputies during May. The report "pays
that the standing of the Columbia. Fair
mour.r. Emefcbn, Sherman. Jackson
Crocker, "Irving. Lincoln. Lonef^llow.
Madison. Marshall. Starr Kirg. fteddins
and liamilton schools Atrprr found to be
from 'air' to excellent. In the Hamilton
t is suggested that more attention be
piven te physical culture. Many of the
lower grades have too many pupils? to
permit.of' good- "individual work.
Grasn&kr certificates were rrant
*>d to Miss Mabel A. Root and ' JJiss ¦ A.
M. Levy. 5 nd those of Mrs. L.. V. Brady'
MJsj* Frances 'Aamn. Miss C. A. Hasw!
roeyer. Ml?? >..• \V. Eusteed. Miss Jes«ie
A. Carmnrrs and lii=s M: O. Salcido were
renewed. Th+ primary certificates of Mrs
M. Dwyfr, MIpf' Ellen Donovan and Miss
K. I^ahaney :and the special Spanish eer
tif.eate of .MJss.Salcidr. were renewed. R
i>. Faulkner .-was recommended to the
St«te Board of. Education for a reissuv
arce of hi? -prarnmar prrade life dipio.rak.
P. A. IJerperct. prepidfnt of the former
Board "of" IJaticaflon. offered a nurebcr of
nooks to l>»awardf-d to meritorious s*ohool
i hildr'-n. Thr -offer was acccptpd -Rith a
vote.Of Thanki. • "
The rf-coinrr.rr.da tiers of the Board of
Examiners- for renewals of certificate*
were adopted.* wirh the exception of that
of Hiss E. J. Ucfireev.y, who wa.« recent
ly suspended for one .your for habitual ah
s-'nee. • • ' -: ;
The f0H9wrr.fr • named teachers, who
failed to attend the- . Teachers" Institute
held in the Mission Hig-h School <-. n May
23. -4 and had' the ~\ahFcncf fine im
j.os^d upon thrm. vhicli is a forf^itur^ of
Hilary for three day.*:' -Mis Harrington
fir.d Mrs. Dougherty. : l>ouplasp School;
Professor Mi«<hl:r.£. Mis? Msguire. P. Bur
nett. Prr>f«?>-sor Barth . and Mtes Cullrn
I»u<Hey; Mifs Karvatap. 'Cleveland; Miss
Oamlxrtz, Dudley Stone; MJfs Durkln,
Franklin; Mis? Tompkirj'. Hawthorne;
Mlssea A. and C. Hcrr.don. Marshall; Miss
Masruire. Longfellow: A.. \\\. I-yserv Busi
ness Kv«»n!ng- School: D. CYos.hy-. Frank
lin Evening: A. Houston. Franklin Even
ir.sr; J. B. Baloun. Humboldt Evening;
Charles Hendrj* 2nd Smith O'Brien. Hiirn
boi^.t Evening; W. J. Drew. Humboidt
Kvev.ine: A. K. Robert*., Humboldt E\'»n
inp; A. J. Dansenbaura. Huraboldt Even
in; J. F. Drew; Humboldt Evenings Pro
fessor Stahl and Miss M. L.. Donnelly.
Rinoon; Mtes L. A. Ward. Starr Kins:
Miss K. lilark. musio department, and
Miss J. C. Ooflfey. Spring Valley School.
John S, Drew Made 'Principal of
Business Evening School — Civil
Service Board Given Use of
Lincoln Schoolhouse.
Board of Education Refers
the Question to the
Supervisors.
STRONG APPEALS
MADE TO CLOSE
BURNETT SCHOOL
BATTLE IN CITY HALL OVER
VERA CAMERON'S DIAMONDS
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 1, 1900.
Goes to Washington to Be Made
" Assistant, General Superintend
;. • ent of Free . Delivery. -
;Postofflce Inspector James , W. Erwin
left for Washington, D. C, last 0 evening
to "be Installed as Assistant General Su-
INSPECTOR ERWIN TO.
BE HIGHLY HONORED
periUtendent of the .'Free Delivery Service.
His headquarters wJH be in this, city and
his domain '•Will embrace all territory
west , of Denver." Mr. Erwin will return
and;' assume charge on July 1. '
Mr. Erwin by reason of his- rare ability
and faithfulness to "d\ity. has .achieved an
enviable reputation in o the ' department.
About a year ago he went to Cuba to In
augurate the United State* postal sys- *
tem In that country, and In a, very few
weeks succeeded in placing the postal §y«,
tem upon a solid basis.
Delegates From Sutter.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MAR-TSVILLE, May 31.— The; Demo
cratic County Convention of Sutter Coun
ty to-day elected the following Relegates
to the State Convention: K. fa. Mahon.'S.
l£ Hick*. H. M. Miller, G. McMurtry and
L. P. Farmer.
MR. AND MRS. M. SHAWL will
celebrate the fiftieth anniversary
of their wedding at their resi
: dence^ R06--2 1 Geary street, 1 on Sun
day n»xt. Fifty years of married life have
parsed over the gray heads of this de
voted-.couple. They have 'watched with
pride tine career of their children, and on
Sunday will have the pleasure of meeting'
them all under one roof. Many friends
havo been Invited to participate in the
celebration. —
"The -aged couple have long been resi
dents of this city, and are well known.
Mr. Shawl has conducted a clothing busi
ness tin Washington street for many
years. Seven boya' and* two /girls have
been born to'the^pair .
Will Observe Fiftieth Anniversary of Their. Marriage.
Killed by. a Log.
9
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
F.X-jrDGE WALTER H: LEVY
1 X"""* I"H A HTTP m
1 C If A r 9 h
I THE, ONLY HIGH-CLAii |j
P I PHOTOGRAPHIC JOUR.NAL £j
i THE MJiJUJlPPl v g
i iUBICRIPTION, PRICE JH.5O A TEAR. |
I 12O JUTTE-R. JTjFLEEXi I
I S AN FRANCIJCO, CAL. |Nezv York Cotton Market.
. NEW YORK. May 31.— The cotton 1 market,
.after opening at a decline of 3 to 12 points, be
came very unsettled, with transactions uoon a
clcantlc scale and all classes - of trades trying
'to sell at the same time. At the- weakest In
terval the lists showed a break of about 15 to
NEW YORK. May 31.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: Cherries (boxes)
—Black Tartarians, SOc to SI 90. average $1 50-
Centennials, |1 to ?1 60, average Jl 15; Royal
Annes, SOc to $1 8, r i, average tx 48; Purity, &c
to 75c, average 69c. Favorable weather One
car sold to-day. .
CHICAGO, May 21.— Porter Bros. Company
Bales California fruit: Peaches— Alexander
SI lOtTl CO box; Briggs May. $1 20. Plums— Clyl
rr.ans, $1 45«i$l 90 single crates; Cherry, 50c box
Ajiricots— Royal. Jl Spifjl 55" single crates; New-
castle, -70COJJ1 35. Cherries— B'.ack Republican
$1 3*31 45 ' bDx; Royal Anne. 75ctf?$l 53- Tar
tarian, 55c@$l £5; Blgarreau, 40ci{f$l 50- Cen
tennial, $1 0S@l 10; Rockport, i£<g30c; Govrrnor
Wood, iZQOOc.
Ch icago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. May 31.— CATTLE— Receipts. 13,
500. Choice light and medium steers, a shade
lower; heavy and export . steers, weak to 10c
lower; butchers 1 stock," most 10c lower; best
on sale to-day, two carloads steers and heifers
at V> SO. Natives.' good to prime steers, 14 90©
5 60; poor to medium,- %i 40® 4 SO; selected feed
ers, $4 40ig5; mixed . steers, $3 ,7oig'4 20; cows'
tZiii 40; heifers, $3 25^4 85; cannersV I" °5ffl
2 90;- bulls, $2 90® 4 SO; calves, J5@7 10- - Btcer
calves, $7S7 DO; Texas fed steers, $4 CO© 5 10-
Texas grass' eteers, $3 75@4 40; Texas bulls'
$3 l."-IT3 65/ =
HOGS •- Receipts-. to-day, 35,000; to-morrow"
23,000 estimated; °left over, 3oOO; opened shade
lower, closed strong, decline regained. Top
$5 Vi; mixed and butchers'. $4 95©5 13; c good to
choice heavj-, $5 OSSfC 17H: rough heavv $1 90
®5: lisrht, $4 90<f?5 02H: bulkof sales, $3 0303 15'
SHEEP— Receipts, 11,000; choice, steady; othi
ers slow, shade lower. Lambs weak to 10<??l5c
lower. Good to choice wethers, $3 W@5 50: fair
:to choice, J7 i>Z({iS; J Western ¦ sheep, " $555-5 50
yearlings, $3 5OQ6; native lambs. $5©7-40; West
ern lambs, $6@7 40; spring lambs', $6ig8.
There tr&a a better movement In local securi
ties on the morning ; session of the Bond Ex
change, with an advance In Giant Powder to
$S5 73 and in Contra Costa Water, to $72 25.
In the afternoon there -was a fair business
and prices were rather firm.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
'California- Fruit Sales.
THE STOCK MARKET.
: . .. LIVERPOOL. ¦ .[-, '¦¦*%
Wheat— ' . •• . July. - ; Sept.
Opening 6 S?i 5 3%
Closing- : ..:.., 59 5 9
t m "*. ' PARTS
Wheat— May. Sept -Dec.
Opening ......; 20 45 2193
Closing .,.•....•.; ,..20 35 2185
Opening 27 45 28 75
Closing 27 30 . 28 70
. ARTICLES. : Receipts.! Shlpm'ts.
Flour, barrels 18.000 14.000
Wheat, bushels..... . 45,000 8 000
Corn, bUchels r,27.<i(;O 733,000
Oats, bushels i. ....... 639,M0 115.000
Rye. bushels... 8,0'X> 1,000
¦Barley, bushels.,. 24.000 1,000
¦On the Produce Exchance to-day the butter
market was eteady; creamery, 15@19iic; dairy
lZ^lfiC. Cheese, steady, SH'gSHc Eggs, easy
fresh, lie. . . •
New York Stock Market.
JCEW YORK. May 31.— The Mock market J
struggled for awhile with uncertainty ' and j
erathetic indiJTerer.ee, but toward the latter i
Fart cf the day took on mere aggressive j
ftrcnsrth ar.d closed with a greater appearance !
of activity an! vital force than It has shown j
for many days paft. The Impulse -was up- 1
¦ward frcm the cpeslnir on a> number of in- |
fluer.ces accumulated over the holiday. The j
one of wUest bearing and Interest was the \
reported capture cf Johannesburg and the !
readiness cf the Beers In Pretoria to surrender, j
The buying for foreign account here, however. ,
did not exceed 1S.O0O fhar^s. and the tone of I
the New York market became reactionary after j
the openljiK on prof.t-taklng and en dlsap- |
l>olntm<>nt that no pr»atpr strength wu Fhown. j
The effect may thus be said 10 have been very I
Fm*ill and momentary unless some of the "iter!
buying was In expectation of a more active de- |
mand for stocks from foreign sources. The
later strength was conspicuous In the South
western and Western grangers and. is doubt
less attributable to the prospects of the winter
¦wheat crop. Atchison preferred and Hurllng
ton were easily the leaders, the former'gain
ing 2 end the latter 2>4 on large, transactions.
Tbe strength elsewhere in the railroad Met
I^rove-d to be !n sympathy with this 'movement
an<1 was net widely disseminated. Another
eource of Etrength was the dc-mand for Pteel
BtOCfcl which rose at one time from 1 to J
points all around. Later more hopeful views
of the trade outlook were quoted frcm author
ities In the iron trade and reports were cur
rent cf large contract* for export. In Sugar
the main spurt wt-.s in sympathy with the un
official quotation pf-tablish^d by restless specu
lators outside the exchange during the holi
day. - Thv opening' price at 120 was the best
and before the final rally In sympathy with
the oth«?r strength In the market the stock
rflarsed to within a small fraction of Tues
day's cicse In spite of the credence given to
the reports of taking over a part of the op
position refmrries in the interest of the Amer
ican Comjiiiiy and a further advance of 10
points In the prire of ref.ned sugar.
The bond rr.arket was more active and ,
Ctrox.gpr. Total fales. par value, $1,735,000.
Dotted Ftat(« 3s declined Vi and the old
4s s » per cent In the bid price.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Eharet Closing
23]CS3 Atchison prefd 72»»."
2.879 Ualtlmore & Ohio 76^
100 Canadian Pacific *. 95
200 Canada Scuthwn 52V
300 Che!&l*ake & Ohio 27^
1.230 Chicago Great Western 124
10.500 Chicago, Hurlington & Quincy 12SS
100 Chicago, !nd & Iy>uisvil!e 21
3d0 Chicarn, Ind & I^auisville prefd 13
100 Chicago & Kastern Illinois .100 .
Chicago & Northvroftern 164
I.7C5 Chicago. Rock Ui.ir.J & Paciflc 107 T 6
C50 C C. C & i>t I/ouis 5r»f t
Colorado Southern • 6
Colorado Southern 1st preM 42
Colorado Southern 2d prefd -3G 3 z
TVl.vware A- Hudson Ill**
2v*i I>r-;«wara. L«ckawanna & 'Western. 177'<i
300 Uenver & Klo Grande 1D»,
200 IK'nver & Rio Grange prefd £<H
110 Krie 12^
2.-.0 Krle 1st prefd 35%
<C0 Great Northern prefd 15S*»
Hocking Coal U\
200 Hocklns Valley S6if
200 Illinois Central 112^
100 Iowa Central IS
Iowa Centra! prefd 4S
2'i0 Kansa«> City. PfUsburg & Gulf t 17V;
"00 I^ake^Hrle & Western... 2S*4
Lake Krle & Western prefd 91H
Lake Shcre 212U
2.1S". Louisville & Nashville Sl'«
1 <jC", Manhattan Elevated Sl>4
700 Metropolitan Street Railway 137
£10 Mexican Central 13'.i
3.025 Minneapolis & St Louis.. C4
200 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 96H
14.M0 Missouri Paciflc 55"»
JO0 Mobile & Ohio ....." 394
£00 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 10^
100 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 33V4
W0 New Jersey Central IIS
ARRIVED
Thursday, May 31.
Stmr Pasadena, Hamilton, €2 hours from San
Stmr ProKreso, Zolllne, 8S hours from Ta
; Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, 42 days from Manila,
via Xasasakl 2-i days.
TO SAIL.
EATING IN 30LIVIA.
Stoves of the Bolivian Indiar.3 are cu
rious thing?. A hole is dug in the ground
about eigt» f eeri inches dee~> and a foot
square and over this is built a roof of
clay with holes of different sizes to re
ceive the various cookins pots. Roasting
Is done on spits passed through the holes,
so that the meat comes out very much
smokeii unless great care 13 taken to have
only l» v e coals at the bottom of the oven.
The national dish and the common food
of the masses is "chupe," a sort of first
cousin to the Irish stew. It is a conglom
erate composed of irregular constituents
from the animal and vegetable kingdoms
--a mess of mutton and 3'jch other meats
as are available; chicken, flsh. fruits, po
tatoes, carrots, barley, corn. rice, onions
yams. etc.. chopped up. highly seasoned
with peppers and herbs and stewed to a
consistency of porridge.
What happens to be left from one menl
simmers in the pot until the next. If the
fire goes out the chupe is allowed to cool
but it is warmed ui». arain and a new
supply of the Ingredients added to the
water-logged and greasy stuff for the next
meal. In the cities at the hotels and
restaurants wherf there are French or
Swiss cooks, the chupe is savory and pal
atable, but the farther you go from tho
centers of civilization the worse it gets
One cats It first under protest then
frcm necessity, and only to escape starv-i
tion: but finally the stomach rebels a^i
you limit your diet to boiled ejrsrsVa-fe
fruit which are usually to be obtalnoJU
but the experienced traveler alwaya taJiST
canned meat and bread with him. BS
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-f-
Tlmes and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTK— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide ts the same at both place3.
FRIDAY. JUNE 1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and rhe successive tides of th
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tii?
second time column gives the Fecond tide o.
the ilav the thin! time column the third tide
and the last or ricbt hand column Rives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
eiven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slen (-) precedes the heiirht.
and then the number given In subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
EASTERN MARKETS.
.."ARTICLES. :'¦ .[Open. High. Low. Close-.
: Wheat No. 2— : • . . - .
Slay ..........:.... 66»4 W% 63% 66 '
July ...... I.. ;.i 67% G7*4 67 67»4
Corn No.. 2 — . :'•'
Mar .'...:... 37% 37^ 36T4 37%
July ...;... 37% 37% 37H 37%
pats No.: 2— ' : ;'¦• :
May .-.'. A"!.;, -•' 21% 21% 21 21
July ......: 2114 21H 21>i 21»i
Mess Po*k. bbl— ' "
July 11 22% 1130 11 22'4 U-22V*
Lard, 100, lbs-^ : - : :
July. 6 80 6 82% 6 80 - 1 6 S2^
September' ,..'.... 6 80 6 SO 6 77 '4 6 80
Short Ribs,. 100. lbs^-
July .....:..., 6 EO 6 52^ 6 50 6 50
September- ' ......:. 6 47^1 6 52>4 6 47'4 6 i~Y»
Carh quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No, 3 spring' wheat, W^'afiC'gc; No. 2
r<?d, 7<V?71r: No. 2 corn, 37H«37%c; No. 2 yel
ln-w. 37H*f37Hc; No. 2 oats. 21'HS22»ic; No 2
white. 24>i'g25c; No. 3 white. 24t»24Hc; No. 2
rye. 53c; good feeding barley, 37c ; fair to choice
malting, 40£42e; No. .1 Ilaxseed, ?1 80; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 iO;. prime timothy seed. $2 40fj;
2'42>i: mess pork. -r«pr barrel. tV}~lSQU. tS; lard.
r>e.r 100 pounds. ?6 70fifi S2'/i; shnrt-rlb sides
(Ujose). $G 35'&6 63; dry salted shoulders (boxed).
$>¦> VOQG 75: : Bbort clear sides '. <boxed), $6 95®
7 03 : ; whlpky, baHlp of high wines, $1 23.
Time Ball.
Branch Hj-drcgraphlc: Office. U. S. K-. Mer
chant"' ETchange,; San Francisco, Cal.,
May 31, 190").
The time ban on the tcwer of the new Ferry
building: was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
J. e.. at noon of the 123th merldiar. or at 3
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. IT. S. N., in charge.
June, 1000.
CALL CALENDAR.
CHICAGO, May •;. 31-— The wheat market
opened 'ic over Tuesday. at 67%® ; G7 1 ic for July,
ami; advanced sharply to ¦ 67T*'ffG7*ic because
Liverpool -was %A,- higher. Paris was also
strong and. thev Northwest without general
rains'. The showers; reported from, that section
xv'crif?. believed tq-'be : Insufficient.: ¦ Later rains
were reported and the Jignal service issued, a
prediction.. Qf more rains for that territory.
The ; market held well against this for a time,
but as the:.end ot the session drew neilr grad
ually gave /way. -Trade, which early was ae
tj.ve.- also. .'became more quiet as the close'ap
proached. July slowly declined to 67«?67%c, at
ttfifeh It closed unchanged from Tuesday.
The cprn market was strong early in- sym
pathy with wheat .and on higher Liverpool
cables. Country: offerings were generally re
poried freer, -.however, and the-' crop reports
retained .thSlr- rosy? tingei- ; The trade was
rather quiet:. July closed heavy at. the bottom,
VtMhtC reduced froiri. Tuesday. •:¦' .
-The oats .marker.was firm for July, but weak
for May. Trade was -.light and' the range nar
ro*. July ¦-¦ closed- a shade over Tuesday ¦ at
21*4621*0, -: •;.• • .. • ; :-. : ' .;
Provisions -were' steady, but quiet. Hog re
ceipts were heavy antl prices at- the yard off,
but the pit was sustained by -a: fair cash de
mand and sime covering by shorts. The close
was lower all around, pork' 5c-. lower, lard a
shatle lower and ribs 2^0 reduced for the July
option. ¦ |: • • .':' ¦: ¦ ¦
: The leadinz futures rapped as follows:
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days..; $4 S5U
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS}*
Sterling Cables > — ¦ .,4 89»i
New; York Exchange, sight — . 12^i
New-York Exchange.- tele-graphic — 15 -";.
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60 .
Mexican Dollars 4SH . *9
Wheat and Other Grains.
"WHEAT— The Sierra Pedrosa takes for Cork
G5.3K ctls. valued at $50,000. . ,
Liverpool was firmer and Paris higher. Chi
cago opened firmer under better foreign advices
and a good Continental demand. The advance
was' checked, however, by reported showers tn
the Northwest, and the early activity subsided.
Stlllv later the £eelin2 became weaker on fur
ther showers In the : Northwest:
Futures advanced In the local market, but
general trade was du.1-1.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. -90g9Uic; milling, 93%
©S6Ue. : : ., '
CALL POARD SALES,
Informal Session-^ 1 *:!! o'ctock — December —
2000 ctls, 99»4c; 4000.- 9>Hc; SOW, S^ifec; 30,000,
S9 r -kc; lS.OfcO, 99T»c: H.OOo. 99%r. :: ::.-:' ...
Second Session— ppcpmber-sopa ctls, 93UC;-. '
Regular -Morning Session— Dec«mber-r2yO0 ctls.
99',ic ¦ ;' ¦ •¦¦.'¦
Afternoon Session— No sales. •¦¦.
UARLKY — The market continues to declln^,
buy ere being scarce. •:
Feed, 67Viit"0c for No. 1 and 62«;!5CCc for off
gr.VJes; Brewing and Shipping grades, 75®80c;
Chevalier, nominal. ¦ • .. .
CALL BOARD SALES. ;'-¦
Informal Session —^:13 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No-' safes. " •"
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
CS^e: 4000. 69 l ,ic: 20C0. 69%c. : •.-¦•¦ .
Afternoon Session— No i sales. : .
OATS — Continue quiet and unchanged.
White, « 10@l 30: Red, $l(gl 20; Gray. $1 07'4
@i;i,3; Black. S14J1 07H per ctl. :
CORN— The market is dull and prices have a
declining tendency.. .' . ¦ . ¦¦ ¦'.:¦:
Eastern larse Yellow. $1 lO^Pl 15 per ctl.
Eastern White, 97 1^c / ??$l per ctl; Mixed, $110.
RYE— »5!g97Vic nor ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal. .. ; .
Flour and Millstuffs.
The China steamer - took out 14.100 bbla
Flour. ; : ' : ¦ '¦";. :;¦¦.:! -, ' ¦ ;
FLOUR— California family extras, J3 60@3 75.1
usipl terms;: bakers' extras, J3 40@3 50; Oregon
and' Washington, J2 2D@3 per barrel. '¦
. M1LLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows,: usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flovir. J2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 73; Kye'
Menl, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7 r- Corn Meal, $2 nQ;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy. ¦ $3 25ft3 50; Buck^
wheat Flour, 'MTil 2J; Cracked . Wheat, $3 23;
Farina, $4 CO; Whole Wheat Flour, %3; Rolled
Oats (barrels), »«4/7 23; in sacks, $.1 7jQ:7: Pearl
Barley, J5; Split Peas, J5; Green -Peas, $5 50 per
ico lbs. ¦ ¦ . ' . . ¦ .: ".
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran andoldHay are firm, .but new Hay
continues weak, though there is fortunately less
coming in. Rolled Barley is; weaker.
BRAN— $12 5C5J13 50 per ton.. :
MIDDLINGS— $174120 .per- tori.'. "¦'¦ ':'.-/".
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, 515^16 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. |2S@27; Jobbing,
$27 E0*B2S; Coroanut Cake, J2C'g:21; Corn Meal,
$2.1: Cracked Corn. $23 50; Mixed. Feed. $15 50.: •
HAT — Wheat, J7ig9 for common tft good. ID SO
@10for choice; Wheat and Oat. ?7 50fci9 "O; Oat,
$CSS; Barley. ?3^7; Alfalfa, ?5'jZ7 5« per ton. ¦'< ;
NEW HAY— Volunteer, $4 50(8-5 50; Wa»at
$GCi7 per ton. • •" ¦ ; • '
STRAV/— 25S.37'.ic per bale.' • : .
Beans and Seeds. ¦-•;
I Beans and Seeds are both very dull. '
BEANS- Bayos, *3@3 20; small White. $3 25S>
3 43; large White. J3 10@3 20; Pink. |2 G0@2 9i);
Red, *2 D0@3; Blackeye, $3 50©4; Butters,
nominal; Lima. J3 25@5 30 i Pea, ?3 40@3 DO; Red
Kidneys, J4®4 DO. . ' '
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax, »1 90S2 20; Canary. 8%c
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 2%©3c; Hemp, 4@4&c;
Timothy. 4^4'*c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, Jl -90@2 25; Green, $1 90
@2 25 per ctl. - ; ;
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Old Potatoes rule firm,- while new are weak.
Onions are slightly off. There Is nothing new
in Vegetables. *
POTATOES— Burbanks, 35QC0O per sack; Ore
gon IJurbank3, E0S75c; New Potatoes, EOc(g$l in
sacks and C0c©$l in boxes. '
• ONIONS— New Red, 70tf'85c per ctl: Austra
lian, i3ii'A 50 r«r ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, lS^'JJSOc per doz;
Rhubarb, DOc(R$l 23 per box; Asparagus, GOctgll
.per box for No. 2 and $1 23©1..tu itir No. 1 anil
Jl 75 for fnncy large; Green Peas, 75@S5c per
sack for common and $l«fl 25 for Garden; String
Reans. . 4iS3c; Refusees, 5(&6c; Wax Beans, 45i;
5c;- Cabbage, 40»f50c; Tomatoes, C0c#$l{ Egg
Plant from Los" Angeles,*' 4®Gc; ' Dried Okra,
32',%c per lb: lirren Peppers trom Los AnKfles,
6@Sc: Dried • Peppers. ! S@10c; Carrots. 20@35c
per sack; Summer Squash, 59@65c per box for
Vacaville and $1 25@1 10 for! Al&meda; Cucum
bers, ?2 50 for Alameda and Jl per. box ¦ for
Marysvllle; new Garlic, 3%@4c per lb'.
Poultry and .Game. 0
The market is well cleaned up of Eastern,
and as receipts of local stockare moderate the
feeling is steady. „ o
I'OULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@llc for GOb
bleiR and llifEl2%c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
Jl 25^1 50; Goslings, :J1 25@1 50: Ducks, t^SZ
for old and $5©S tfor young; Hens, $1^5:
Young Roosters, $3,E0@6 GO: Old- Roosters, $4©
4 50; Fryers, $4 SO@G; Broilers, S3 I0©4 ¦ for
large and $2jf2 j0 for small; Pigeons, $l iO^l ~,i
per dozen for old and $1 C0<31 75 for squabs. °.
GAME— Nominal. ;, .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs-
Butter came in hea\ily from Humboldt, but
the market was -steady as receipts from that
quarter are not expected ' to be heavy In the
near future. There was nothing new In Eggs
arid Cheese.
BUTTER— ° . o
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 17313c;- second*
1GS1CV4C. " :° ° o
Dairy — Fancy, 16<3lG*£c; coed to choice, 14@
l&Vic; common, 13Hc. : "- -¦
CHEESE— New. 7V40SV4c;.Tounc America, 9@
9#c: Eastern. 16017c: 15@16o ¦ per lb.
" -EGGS — Quoted at 13®14c for store and 15gi(5c
per dozen - for ranch.
LOCAL MARKETS.
The-Artlpeo loads coal at Nanalmo for Ka
hului: Manaucr.fc, n-.eirhandls* at Vancouver
for St.- Michael; Reporter, lumber at Grays
Harbor for Guaymas; KHkllat. lumber at Port
C-: We far Honolulu.
Coinage of the Mint.
0
The (xsicaire ct the local Mint In May tra«
$3,780,000. pon«lEting: of S3.2SO.000 in double
eagles, STCO.OCO In half-dollars. 1130,000 In Quar
ter-dollars and JIOO.OOO Sn dimes.
Ijncal ' -.-.k clearings In May were JS'.Strr.SGS.
epair.'t J7S.33.444 for May. 1S99. For the flrat
five months of the year they were $3GS.0..,9S5,
against $36S,E77,:26 for thf same time la 1S53.
Merchandise for Honolulu.
•
The Australia took out for Honolulu a cargo
Including 47 bdls leather. 25 rolls leather, C cs
photographic Roods. 97 cs drug6. 30 cs rubber
poods, 13S bars K bdls li-on. IJ keps rivets. 13 I
kegs nails. £1 rkf?s eteel, 36 sheets steel, 50 pips j
4S kegs lead, C crates rope, 117 cs bread. tO cs
yellow metal. 24 crates bicycles, 449 sks flour.
474 tka vepetables. 217 crates vegetables, 321
pkpa ntrtiMfi. US cs 6tationerj'. 3iO pkg:s.
r7iX> bag?, 450 bxs'EUcar, 799 pkgs toliacco, 260 j
rkgs beer. MS pkffp butter. 100 pkRs coal oil. '
275 pkgs tea, lS6;)kg!< sh>»s, 2(>o pk<s whisky. !
S3 pkps sewinp machines, U9 j;kgs green' fruits. !
71 jikps dried fruit, 2*7 pk«s ch^^se. 76 pkgs ;
epfrs. 1T2 jikpn cry gnoAs. S!> pkgs sardines. 6S |
pkt-s farnM fruits. jo4 j>kps rice. 167 sks corn. ;
101 cs car.n»-J f.Bh. 47 *ks heans. no sks barley, j
2S .sk.x wheat, C21 c? hardware. SM c>= provisions.
en bdls wheelbarrows. 12 pkgs beef and 15 pkgs
SAN FRANCISCO. May 31-5 p. rn.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls toj
£ate, as -compared with those of same date ;
latt season, and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 1 .-...- 0.0Q 50.C2 23.97
Red Bluff : 0.C0 22.87 20.76
Facraroento 0.00 20. 2S 14.35
Pan Frcn.c:sco 0.00 IS. 42 16. 66
Freaao 0.00 10.14 7.18
Indejendenc* 0.00 3.C6 1.21
fsn Luis Obispo 0.00 17.30 16.41
L^s Anpeles 0.00 ' 7.SS 5.01
San DifRO 0.00 5.S8 4.S7
Yuma 0.00 1.2J 1.34
Far. Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
IS; minimum. 4S; mean. £3.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
• FORECAST.
Cenerallr cloudy weather prevails along the
Northern California, coast and partly cloudy I
weather over the Uppei* Missouri Valley; else- I
where fair weather prevails over the western j
portion ot the country. Lieht rain is reported '
frcm Montana and North Dakota.
The ,pr<»«ure has fallen over the Pacific
Rope and risen over .the Upper Missouri Val
ley.
The temperature has fallen over the Upper
Missouri Valley and remained about stationary
in other districts. 1
Forecast made" at Fan Francisco for thirty
hours.- ending midnipht June 1:
Northern California— Fair Friday; fresh west
wind.
Southern California— Fair Friday; fresh west
¦»rln<!.
Nevada— Fafr FTliar.
Utah— Fair Friday. .
Arizona— Fair Friday.
Pan Franclfco and vicinity— Fair Friday;
fresh west wind. G H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
4.S50 New York Central...... hi,;
1,4^0 Norfolk & Western v 35^
100 Norfolk & Western prefd.: — • '*y
10.334 Northern Paciflc .., '.-iltf
1,890 Northern Pacific prefd 7»* |
200 Ontario & Western v ?i*
Oregon Hallway & Navigation 42 •-.
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd...... ii6_.
2.f30 Pennsylvania ....l.w'fc
140 Reading: J?
1.51K) Reading 1st prefd ,....;. £«**
3M Reading 2d prefd ii .«.- «J*
Rio Grande Western........ »*;>
• 210 Rio Grande Western prefd.; •• »«*a
4S5 St I^uls & Pan Francisco...- r J" 1 *
100 S?t I^ouis & San Fran 1st prefd C9
100 ft Louis & Pan Fran 2d prefd <: 33V
?t Ix)uls, Scuthwest'.rn 11
COO St Louis. Southwestern prefd
9,925 Pt Paul •••• ftlii*.
225 St Paul pn*M ••'• ¦
Ft Paul & Omaha *J»
6.7.-X1 S^>uthi-rn Paring • *'
300 Southern Hallway .--•-¦ H*
2,400 Southern Railway prefd.... 5»J*
200 Texas & Piiciflc ..-.-> Jujj
10.410 Union Pacific JWJS
1,408 l"n<r.n Pacific prefd i*~»
COO Wabash -••- ~-.fj5
1,35<i Wal>aFh prefd • -*; B
9.".0 Wheeling & 1- E „-..*
600 Wht-eltnz & I> E 2d prefd.... »»
Wisconsin Central «
Kxpress Comionies — .. . :. .
Adams •••' .114
'.'.'.'.'.'.'. Amfrlran'f'fi div.) ¦¦ 1 ':i
I'nited States • ;*»¦ ¦
Well!=-Fargo ..." .,...113
Miscellaneous — ' '• • '¦¦' '¦¦"—
600 American C.-.tton Oil ...... v 3o
American C.Mton Oil prefd ;.... »0_
100 American Malting - • '*-¦¦»
American Malting rrefd.:.. V"?'2J?
4.7*0 Am Smelting & Refining .•• 3^^
1.1C0 Am Smelting i Refining prefd S9:
American Spirits .- ?••• f>
American Spirits prefdv..^-.-. 1< .
2.8ZS American Steel Hoop ..;. -2%
300 American Fteel Hoop rrefd. ..--••• -•.'-**
15.573 American Steel & Wire 36'i,
4.23S American Wire & Steel prefd \..^i
773 American Tin Plate...: — ......23:
220 American Tin Plate prefd 75
S.230 American Tobacco \ r v93'i
American Tobacco pre'd.- ." .129
220 Anaconda Mining Company 42%
11.F20 Brooklyn Ra'p'ld Transit 72U
3.010 Colorado Fp?l & Iron..:............. 37^
2,^10 Continental Tobacco ........... ¦:..;. 24 -,
455 Continental Tobacco prefd. 7VV
H.O.'O Fertoral St*-?J 26 1 *
1.160 Federal Steel prefd........ 6SU
450 General El#ctrie ...133
ICO Glucuse Pugar ,....'...-. AV*
Glucose Sugar prefd..'. ..-.:'...: ,...•..¦994
400 International Paper.,.:-. J... 21U
International Paiw.r prefd.. 63
Laolede Gas.. ;; C7
National Biscuit. ...30
379 National Blsiruit prefd,:.... ,.\. 79>4
3.V) National Jj&A ,,; ..'.... ....V 20i 4
174 National L^ad prefd. .'..'..:' <zii:WH
2,Ck» National Steel ; S0.«*
E10 National Steel prefd.;;.:..'. 1... £S?-a
Xpw York Air Brake... w 127
North American ....i.........i-14 : 5i
Pacific Coast : .; :; 49
Pacific CoaFt 1st prefd ..'..SO
Pacific Coast 2d prefd... ..'.¦- 60
DCO Pacific Mali ;..-... ; .;.v2Sli
4>io People's Ga? :'...:. .. i .<i...:.....101 1 T
1.3">> Pressed Steel Car...;'..-...... 40 v «
415 Pressed Strel Car prefd.. .;..:........ 76^
413 Pulin-.an Palace Car .... '..:.':. JS2 :
Standard Ror.e & Twine...::. :.,;:' 5AJ
57.6C2 Suear ..i ...US',,
7.V> Supar prefd.. .'.... ;..113
2.E60 Tennessee C^al & Iron.....;. -., -75". ;
&J5 i:nit<»d States leather ... : 11
1,703 Tnited Statfs Leather. prefd t'TOH
200 l.'rltt-d States Rubber, 2S«g
United States Rubber prefd.- ;..S5
Western ITnion ..80
1.910 Republic Iron & Steel......... .,. 13*4
510 Republic Iron & Steel prefd.......... 57',i
p c c & st l :.... sa
120 Third Avenue ;.llj
'SG.100 shares so!d. '. -'• ' •; ' . j
CLOSING BONDS. .:• |
U S Is ref. when. ' ,M K £.- T 2ds ..-GS%
Issued, ex int....:iC4iM K & T 4s 93
U 8 3s re-s !»>"t!N Y Central l5ts:..lllH
I" S 3<s rep ;~::16eulN J Cent gen Ss...i21U
U S. 2s coup :lfrt' 4 f N Pacific 3s ; C7*i
I.' S new 4s reg 13441N Pacific 4s....... .1054
U S new 4s Ctmp.MMHjN Y C & S L 4s..lOGVi
U S eld 4s reg, ex jN &"W con 4s 97 |
lntereFt 114Ti;Or Nav lpts ;...lll
V B old 4s coup 1 15% I Or Nay 4s 10414 :
V S In r*g 113'* 4 iC*r Short Line 6s..l2S^ I
U S If coup ;113^;(>r S Line- con Es..ll44
Dis of Col 3.65s .122'i' Reading Gen 4s.... SSV«
Atchiron gen 4s 101 !R G W lste 99
Atchison adj 4s... 14^ IS L & 1 M con 5s.. Ill
Canada So 2ds 107 |S L & S F gen Cs..l2«
I Ches & Ohio 4Hs-~ 99',i!St Paul cons .170T4 j
i Ches & Ohio 5s. ...117 ]S P C fc P lsts.^.120 I
i C & NW con 7s.. .. 141*4 S P C & P 5s 1214
! O & NWSFdeb Ss.llS So Pacific 4s S3%
j ChRo Terminal 4s.. 95 So Railway 5s.. ,.V.M1»«
I.Colo Southern 4s.. S7 (Ftand R ft T Ce.... - 71
n fz it O lsts . : .W14 Tex & Pac lsts.....U5
I I) & R G 4s 9:-»>,!Tex & Poc 2ds £5
J K T Va & Ga lsts.lONiijUnlon Pacific 4s....lO6'4
I Erie General 4?.... 72 7 j'Wabash lsts ..116
! K W & I> C l5ts.. 72H(Wabash 2ds 102^
! General E!ec 5s 120 (IVeyt Shore 4s 113*1,
j If>vra Cent lsts 115 iWls Cent lsts 91U
K C P & G lsts.... 714]Va Centuries 93
•: . MINING STOCKS. :-.."
I Chollar ISJOntario ..'............ 07
I Crown Point :. 07 i Ophir f.7 '
I Ccn Cal & Va 1 40 { Plymouth 10
Deadwood tOjCjulcksllver 1 r.0 '
Gould & Curry.--- 12iOulckRllver prefd..." 50 ;
Hale &- Norcro6fe... 20 sierra Nevada .• 2S
Homestake 50 00 Standard 3 S5
Iron Silver 62 Union Con .; 17
Mexican -. '.... 21 Yellow Jacket.: 12
?Y BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
¦ Money— |We*t End 9H4
Call loans :;.2(53: Uonds —
Time loans 3g4|Atchiaon 4s 100U
Stocks— • ." IN E Gas & C Co.... 65
At?h 27 1 Mining Shares—
•DO prefd •.. 72*^ 'Adventure 4
Am Sugar ,.US»i! Allouez M Co..' 1%
Do perfd..., 112^!Amal Copper K8
Bell Tel l.;30S 'Atlantic 22
Boston & Albany. .210 Boston & Mont 203
Boston Elevated.-. .129 jButte & Boston 64
C B & Q ":.129V=j Calumet & H 705
Dom Coal 42'j., Centennial .' jfi<£
1 I>o prefd 112 jFranklin ]2W
Fed Steel :• 36'* Osceola 61>4
Po prefd -'CSVi' Parrot 41
Fltchburg prefd 133 iQulney 134
Gen Elec ',122'i i Santa Fe Copper.. 4%
Mexican Cent : 13 j Tamarack l?0
Old Dominion '.. 17 jUtah Mining 2bXi
Rubber ." 2S?i|Winona ...: 2%
Union Pacific £5 IWolverlnes E6Vi
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK.-Mav 31.— Money on call steady
• at l"i l f2 per cent;' last lcarv 2 p»r cent. Prime
mercantile .paper, •3H04 1 2 per cent. Sterling
exchange steady, with actual business In bank
ers' bills at $4 S7HC4 87% for. demand and at
14 S4VrS4'84% for sixty days; posted rates.
$4 S5H and $4 $S\i; commercial bills, $4 S3\r$
4 84»i. Silver certificates, G0@6!c; bar silver,
¦ 60c. Mexican dojlars", 47V4c-. Government bonds,
weak; State bonds. Inactive;, railroad bonds,
strong. "
Condition. of the Treasury.
:- WASHINGTON. May 3K— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances of the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows.: Available cash
balance.' $146,603,535; gold, $68,922,506.
London Mdfkct.
NEW YORK. May 31. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's financial cablegram eay-s:
• The news of the Impending- surrender of
.Johannesburg and Pretoria caused a general
Improvement In the markets here to-day,
Africans booming. Elsewhere the public bought
only slightly, waiting for official confirmation
of the war news.
Americans were Idle and featureless; Copper
shares ¦ were erratic « In connection with the
Paris eettlement. ¦ '¦'¦'-
CLOSING. •'
LONDON, May SIM p. m.— Canadian Pacific;
87Vi; Louisville. S3;. Union Pacific. 76; Northern
Pacific preferred. 78; Grand Trunk, 7H; Ana-
NEW YORK. May 51.— FLOTJR-Reccipts. 2S,
209; barrels; 'export*. L22S barrels. ¦ Firmer, in
fluenced by wheat, with fair interest shown by
Jobbers for The jpopular brands. Minnesota
patent.' J3 005/3 S5v winter straight, $3 35@3 50;
winter extras, J2 53(FS2 80. \-;V ¦'¦¦ ':
WHKAT— Receipts. l.lSfi.SOO bushels; exports.
332.773 bushels, grot— Easy: So,. 2 red. S2V4c
f. o-.'-b.. afloat, nominal; No. 2 red:. elevator, 78a;
No;-;1 Dulutn, 75c v f. 0. b. afloat prompt; No. 1
hard Duluth. 77tfc.,f. ": o."' b. afloat to arrive.
Options— Were stronsi; and- higher.: at first on
French : damagre xiews, higher English cables,'
foreign buying and dry weather In the North-
West. . Later- the market yielded-, to rain pre
dictions and eased oft under realizing, closing
easy- at unchffirged prices. July, 72 7-16c@73c.
closed 72>,£c; September, 73?itf73 13-lCc, closed
MOPS— Steady. ' : • ¦ : ¦' ¦•-. '¦ ¦'¦
HIDES— Firm. ' .-': ..-- "¦
WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece. 25S2Sc; Texas,
155716c.-- •.¦..• .:¦-.-: ¦.¦¦.:
C.OFFEE-^-Futuresc— Closed steady with prices
5 to 15 Points net advance. Total sales, 13.730
haft*: Including: June. 10 S05J6 i'O; July, $6 93;
August. $~<gl 05;- September, $" 10; October,
$7 ID-; November, J7 IS® 7 20; December. J7 30®
7 33 ; . January, $3 35 ; . March, $7 50. Spct— K!o,
firm; No. 7 invoice, 8c; mild, steady; Cordova,
fcL'GAR— Raw, strone: fair refinlne, 4 l-16c;
centrifugal. SC test. * 9-lGc; molacses sug:ar,
3 7 ,»C- Refined— Firth; No. 6, 0c; No. 7, 4.95c; No.
S, 4.90c: No. 9. 4.85C! No. 10, 4.S0c; No. 11, 4.75c;
No.,12. 4.70c; No.. 13, 4.70c; Nc. 14, 4.70c; stand
ard A, a.SOc:- confectioners' A, 5.30c; mold A,
6.?5c; cut loaf. 5.90c: crushed. 5.!»0c; powdered,
5.60c; cranulate<1. : 5.50c; cubes, 5.65c. *
BUTTER— Receipts.' 1".461 packazes; steady.
W&siern creamery. .-M>H?«20c: factory, 14@16c. '
. EGGS— Receipts. 2^,63:i packages; weak. West
ern, lo?s off, 13S13Vkc;'. Western at mark, ll@13c.
: ; \: .. . DRIEEi' FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled rather
quiet, but about steady, in the absence of sell
ing pressure and the better advices from coun
try- source^ Prices remain unchanged. Cali
fornia fruits ruled dull and easy.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
4 1 »'5 i Sc: crime. 6?i@6c; choice, 6*ii?J'7c; fancy.
JMflg&C . ..-.,-
CALIFORNIA PRIED PRUNES-6ViS7c per
pound, as to size 'and quality.- ¦'-. ¦
APRICOTS-Royaf, 12VsQUc; Moorpark, V>@
isc.v. ..¦..-'¦.- . '.
PEACHES— Peeled, lS^Oc; unpeeled, 6jj9c,
* ¦ ¦ : — — ; '¦ '¦ X-
Chicago: Grain Market.
Silver a fraction off. Exchange undisturbed.
'li{hcat futures firmer. Barley lozver.
Gets steady. Corn weak. Rye neglected.
\'czt< Hay weak and old Hav firm. Rolled Barley declining.
Beans and Seeds still very dull. :¦: > ;::
Potatoes steady and Onions weak. ;.¦;;;.
Nothing new in Butter, Cheese and Eggs. :
Poultry market better cleaned up. ||| ,;
Fruit market well supplied and rather lower.
XrJ comb Honey appeared. ¦ : ; :^ -.
Provisions listless and unchanged. ¦ > . . ':££
Nothing nezv in Meats. ¦'¦''.. .- ..; ••.-;. -
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
conda. $*;; Rand .'. Mines, 42; bar silver, quiet,
• 1 9-16d per ounce-. :~ ¦•'
New York Grain and Produce.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
27 points. Early in the afternoon a reaction
set. in und prices went ud 10 to 1j points from
the lowest. The market closed steady atnet
unchanged prices to 12 points decline.
Nezv York Metal Market)
NEW YORK. May 31.— Cables from London
were much better than looked for, showlns
tin to be about £1 more than at the close of
Tuesday. In sympathy with this tin in the
local' market exhibited considerable^ strength
and activity, and closed firm at $29 00030— 2o&
50 points above the previous closing.
LAKE COPPER— Ruled quiet at $1G 7o.
P1GIRON— Warrants were weak and unset-
I^EAD— Was dull and unchanged at $3 KVM
4 C2',2. The brokers' price for lead was $3 M)
and for copper $10 "j. •. .
KPELTKR— Was a shade easier under light
selling pressure and the falling off in the ex
port demand. The close was easy at $4 45<£f 4 SO*
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, May 31,— Consols, 103' j-16; Silver,
27 3-1C; French rentes. 10U 15c; cargoes on
passage, firmer; cai^es No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 2?s 9d; cargfoes Walla Walla. 27s 9d;
English country markets, part W.cheapsr.
LIVERPOOL, May 31.— Wheat, steady ; No,
1: standard California. 6s ldwCs 2d;. wheat In
Paris, firm; f\our' in Paris, quiet; French coun
try markets,: f.rm. • ¦' • . - ."••¦¦ '. . .
COTTON:— X.'plands. 4 15"-I6d: •'::•.. ' ?•.'.'••;
• ¦ •' : ' CLOSING: ' "• ' ".-,: .;-;
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 California, 6s ld@
Cs }%d; No. 1 spring, : 5s »V 2 d. Futures-Quiet.;
July, 5s 9d; September, as . 9d. . ' . ¦'.
. CORN— Spot, steady; futures, steady; July,
3s lOd; September, 3» 10»6d. ¦' •
The Grain Exchange will be closed on Sat
urday, Monday and Tuesday.
Portland's Business.
Northern WJieat Market.
PORTLAND. May- 31. — Clearing*, $356,605
balances, $40,998. . :• ¦ '»¦
OREGON
PORTLAND, May 31.— There. Is not much of
Interest In the local wheat market and prices
are unchanged : with the demand easy. The
export value 13 in the vicinity of tO@51C for
Walla Walla and about the same for valley.
• Cleared— British ship St. Mlrren, for Queens
town, with 119,182 bushels wheat.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 234.7S9 bushels.
Total shipments for the month of May from
Portland were. CJS. 477 bushels of wheat and
137.SO7 barrels of flour, of which 111.329 barrels
of Hour wont to lbs . Orient. ¦ Shipments from
Puget Sound for the same period were 314,131
bushels of wheat and 10T.0S0 barrels of flour.
Shipments for the Benson to date are: From
Portland, 8.443,929 bushels wheat and 1.Q19.S2S
barrels of flour; from Puget Sound. 3.023,100
bushels of wheat and 893, W9 barrels of Hour.
WASHINGTON'.
TACOMA, May ' 21.— WHEAT— Quiet;, no
chance in quotations; bluestem, 54c; club, Elc:
both for export.- ¦ •
Cr S e t Jc l Jnt rr St"' nt Clty# StockRctn - *> "ours from
_ Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. SI hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. 17 hours from Eu
reka. . . **
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup. 81 hour» from Ta-
COI-1&. :: •
Haw bark Roderick Dhu, Johcson. M dav«
from Hilo. - Tv*™
Bris Galilee. Din?m^re. 30 days from Tahit 1
Schr Reliance, Annndsen, 24 hours from Iver
sens LanOins.
.1" CLEARED.
Thur=3ay. May 31.
• Stmr Eonita, Xicolson, San Pedro; Goodall
Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. Victoria, etc-
Goodall. Perkins &. Co. *
Hr stmr Urtstol. Mclntyre. Chemainua- R
Dunsmuir-s Sons Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. Ma7 3L
Stmr Eonita. Nicotson. San Pedro.
Thursday, May Jl.
Stmr Whltesboro. Olsen. .
: Stmr Bontta. Nlcolson, San Pedro.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jeoscn. Victoria,
Stmr CoquiUe River, Thompson. Graja Har
bor. ¦ :¦ .-. '
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs, Rockport.
Stmr Cleor.e, Madsen. Caspar.
Slmr Emnlre, Nelson. Coos Bay.
V S stmr Egbert, Perks. Seattle.
Br ship Lord Teinrleton, McCracfeen, Cape
Town via Seattle.
. Bark Gatherer. Youngsren, Tacoraa.
Sclir Mary C, Campbell. Fort Ro«s.
Schr Rio Rey. Johnson, .
Schr Quide, Olsen. Port Gamble.
RETURNED.
Schr Julia A Whalen. Scott, hence May 30.
for Carte Nome, on account of carrying: away
mainsail antl Job on May 30. 60 miles S\V of
Ean Kranciico. In stror.2 westerly wind.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The cactain of the Chilean ship Htnciestan,
from San Francisco Feb S for Va!rara:*c, re
ports that on March S. at 4 a m, !at S 43 N, Ion
123 W. found the ?hlp to be on fire under the
main hatch under donkey engine. Had to aban
don her same day at l f ) a m. the castaln and
twelve of the threw taking to one teat and
mate and eight of the crew taking to the
other. After being in boats for 9 days and
20 hours arrived at the Island of Hlvo. Mar
quesas Islands, after traveling 95<> rai>9. Were
taken off 19 days later by st::jr Southern Cross
and Taken to Tahiti. The captain of the llin
dostan and four of the crew arrived, at San
Francisco May 31 on briz Galilee.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOfiOS, May 31. 10 p rn— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 31— Scnr Lu
zon", hence May 22.
COOS BAY-Salled May 31-Stmr Del Norte.
for f^.n Francisco.
L'SAL— To sal! June 1— Stmr Xavarro. for San
PORT" TOWNSEND— Arrived May 31— r?r
strr.r Energia. hence May 26: N"or a.mr Horda,
from Port Blaketey. for Pert Plrie; stmr Ta
coma, from Seattle, for Nome: stmr A!-Ki.
from Sea:tl<*. lor Skasuay. srhr R W Dartlett.
from Port Gamble, far !H Michael: schr Maria
E Smith, from Port Gamble, for Honolulu;
Chil bark Pacinco. from Callao; Ital ship Teo
cl?. frgm San Di*zo. : -- ;^
Sailed May 3l-Br stmr Enenria, for Port
Ludlow ¦
TACOMA— Arrived May 31— Ektn Ruth, hence
M Sai!ed May SO— Bark Levl G Burgess, for San
ASTOMA— ArriTed May 31-Br ship 'Wendur,
fr £oRT a BHAGG-Arrlved May 31-Stmr Tllla
mor.Jt. from San Pedro. ¦ •_ '
SEATTLE— Arrived May 30— Ital bark Lo
thatr. from Port Townsend. May 31-Strar Ro
salie, from SkaKuay; stmr City of Seattle, from
Skasuay; U 3 str.-.r Manning, hence May J5.
Sailed May 30-Stmr Al-Ki. for SVasruay.
May si— Stmr Tacoma. for Nome: schr E<litn.
ior Nome; stmr o Va»eno,a. p for No m ,.
LEITH-Sailed May 23-Ger bark H Hack-
MlVKRPOo'L-Salled May E>— Br shio Pert
Patrick, for San Francisco. »„„,,-,-
fO YOKOHAMA-^iled May r>-Br stmr Duke
° f S H^L^-A a r C ri^ May 3^-Br Ban*
le CHEMAINU^-Sailed May U-Br ship Glenal-
May 30-Br ship
Osbcrne to load fnr San Francisca May .i—
Br ThTp Spri^bank. to load fcr San Francisco.
SaiWl May 20— Br bark Mor\en. Tor Aca-
ISS^SSSiSS! 5ay Cr S^r sM. Ccrte,.
Fleetwcod. £££ STEAMERS .
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 31-s<tir.r Aujruste
vrctorS. from New York, for Hamburg and
PI RO e TTERDAM-Arrived May 31-Stmr Maas
d L"i^pTi.^-A^ived May
n=a frora Fan Francisco, via Valparaiso, etc.
S^^vir^^r^n^^a:^;
land, irom l.i l , for New York.
/nrw>. from LiveiTOQl.
Gi iV & T E J? ctrIc ~ Pa ° c Bor Co.143 —
c e e nt °&r.°:: 7* z Par PalDt Co - 10 -
Board- MOrnlnB Sesslon - * :- .
5 Alaska Packers' Assn, s 10 IIS 50
30 Contra Ccsta Water ............... "2 00
. 5 Contra Coeta Water . ••--•¦••••••
100 Contra Costa Water .. -•••••-••• - *
10 Giant Powder Con ............ -
2C0 Hana Plantation Co "'"** 7 73
50 Honokaa S Co -..----..
110 Makaweli 47
80 Market Street Railway ..'.'.'.'.'.'."'."" 62 50
125 Paauhau S P Co ".. 31 73
10 Pacific Gas 'Improvement...!."!"" 43 50
l')5 S F Gas & Electric Co " ar 50
MOW S F & S J V bonds >....."""ll9 25
$1000 S P of A bends IU OH
53 Spring Valley Water " 9525
$7CC0 Sprtnp Valley Cs ..115 23
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage) 1C2 50
Street —
110 Contra Costa Water 72 so
J3OC0 Contra Costa Water bonds 1C3 73
: 20 Honokaa S Co 34 {24 |
1:0 Onomeu Sugar Co 2$ oq' I
SCO Paauhau S P Co 31 75 |
13 Sprint: Valley Water 93 25 ' 1
$2000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage) 102 zq
Afternoon Session.
Board—
5 Contra Costa Water 72 CO
25 Equitable Gas 2 TO
20 Giant Powder Con 85 50
10 Giant Powder Con 83 73
10 Giant Powder Con 88 ro
$0 Oakland Gas < 45 75 I
10 Onomea Sugar Co 2S 00
ISO Paauhau S P Co 3173 1
50 Paauhau S P Co 31 87V» i
25 Pacific Gas Imp - 45 50 j
$5000 SF&SJV bonds 113 25 !
PRODUCERS 1 OIL. EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session. '. ¦ : ¦ '
Street— •;;-:-¦- :J
100 West Lake 70
Board— •
10O Home Oil 4M
100 Home Oil 4 55
MINIXG STOCKS.
FollowlnR were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlnz Session. i
ECO Bullion 031 100 Ophlr H
20O Chollar 2511000 PotosJ 24 <
50 Gould & Curry. 14! 200 Savage 13
100 Ophir 53i 100 Silver Hill...... S3
Afternoon Session
400 Best & Belcher. 26 1 400 Potosi 22
200 Chollar 23' 50 Potosi 21 I
E0 Cori Cal & Va..l 40 1CKW Savage 13 1
400 Gould & Curry. 13! 10O Silver Hill 33
2T0 Justice 03| 200 Utah 03
200 Overman 19 j
Mornlns Session.
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ' -. i
300 Chollar 2t] 200 Mexican 24
200 Con Cal & V.I 43H| 500 Overman IS
20<) Crown Point.. 0* 350 Pofosl 23
£00 Justice 09 30i} Silver Hill 33
300 Mexican 23!
Afternoon Session
COO Alta 0J 300 Juptlce 00
200 Best & Belcher. 26 200 Ophir E3
3MCon Ca! & V.I 42'i 200 Overman 19
300 Gould & Curry. 13 3ir) Utah ........... 03
THURSDAY, May 31—4 p. m
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask.; Bid. Ask.
Alpha 0« f6 Justice CS (ft
Alta 01 C5,Kentuck — 01
Andes .....' O.i 06: Lady Wash 02 —
Belcher... 20 22. Mexican 23 2t
Pest & Belcher. 26 27|Occldental 11 14
Bulltnn 02 WOphlr 53 :,4
Caledonia ......1 15 1 25 Overman 18. 20
Chollar 22 23.Potosi 21 22
Challenge Con.. 12 151 Sa vase ..: 12 13
Confidence . — 7'i;Scorpion — C2
Con Cal & Va..l 40 1 45!Seg Belcher 01 02
Con Imperial... — 01 [Sierra Nevada.. 30 3>
Con New York — 03;Silver HIM 33 3-"
Eureka Con — EO.St Louis — 12
Crown Point.... 03 10 Standard 4 30 4 7S
Exchequer , 01 02iSyndlcate 06 CS
Gould & Curry. 12 13;l'nlon Con 20 22
Hale & Norcrs. 23 25! Utah 07 C'3
Julia... — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 15 16
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Most of the Raspberries came In late, and
had to go to the canners at the inside, figure.
- Tree fruits of all kinds, except Cherries and
P'.ums. were in larger receipt and prices weak
ened In consequence. Though arrivals of Cher
ries were moderate they were dull, as the trade
narx mostly on Apricots and Peaches.
. DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
.'APRICOTS— 4Cfi 60c per box for Prlngles and
4{NCSSb for Royals; in baskets. 40060c.
'APPLES— Green Apples, 40^60c per box and
40c per basket and 75c(5'$l for Red Astrachans,
larjre boxps.
PEARS— Madeline, in large boxe3. C5c; In
small boxes, 25^tXc per box; In baskets. 25'?J30e.
l'LUMS-Clyinnns, 50cfl$l per box and crate;
Cherry Plump, 2o@40c for drawers and 50c for
boxes. . : .
STRAWBERRIES— $4®." per Chest for large
and Jfiffi ( > for small berries.
GOOSEBERRIEt>-2 1 -i«i. 1 5Vic per lb for com
mon and — - per lb for Engllfih.
¦ RASPBERRIES— $4J7S per chest.
BLACK BKKRIES— ?7<gl» per chest; from
Fresno, 75c per crate.
; UXJAN BKRRIES-$4 Z0@1 l»er chest. ;'
•' CUKRA?fT.S^-$2 50® 4 per chest. '.;
: FIGS-i'From Arizona. 75c5$l per box.
PEACHES— 50c@$l per box and 75@S3c per
basket. -.'
CHERRIES— 35®i;0c per box for black; Royal
Anne, COfifwc. in bulk. 2%(!?.jc for black and
2Mi3VSc : per lb for white and SSGc for Royal
Anne. Receipts were 3516 boxes.
CITRUS FRUITSc-Navel Oranges, $1 50@2 50
per box; Seedlings. $1@1 75; Valencias, $3iU3 50;
Lemons, $1(R1 50 for common and tZ<H2 CO for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4@5; Ba
nanas, S2Q3 per bunch; Pineapples. $3 5034 psr
dozen. .-. ~", ¦'¦..
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
New comb Honey has been received here,
but no price has- yet been fixed. : .
Prunes ' continue to go out steadily, and at
the present rate will soon be- wholly cleaned
up, something, that' has not happened for at
least five years.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes, in sacks. 43-t^c
for 40-50'b.' 3H@3%c for 60-60*s. 3ViS3&c for
60-70" s. 3®3Vlc ior 70-80's, 2Ti@3c for SO-90's
and 2%<S -2% c for 00-100' s; Apricots, 9@10c for
Royals and 10(Jllc for Moorparks; 'Peaches,
4Vi®4%c for Standards. Be for choice and oVi^
6c for fancy; Per!e<l Peaches, iagl2<4c; Evapo
rated Apples. 5V4@6c; sun-dried, 3^-Jc per lb:
Pears. 3'fc®4VaC for dark and "ra'Sc for brieht
halves: Black Figs. l»i(0-2c: White Figs. 2-53c:
Bleached Plums. 7&c; Unbleached Plums, 60
for ultted and l>4c for unDltted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
Tb. 10c: choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c;
unbleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. SVic; choice, 7>4c: standard. 6140;
prime 5c: unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless.
SO-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. f.Vfce;
3-crown, 6Uc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown SI £0 P^r box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California. ' '.
NUTS— Walnuts'.' J$?3c for Standards and 93
10c for softshells; Almonds., HVi'S^c for paper
shell, 9(5 10c for soft and 4ft5c for hardshell;
Peanuts. h\f(ii\t for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts, 7'2'9Sc; Filberts, 12@12Vfec;
recans. ll@13c; Cocnanuts, J4 5CHS5.
Provisions.
HONEY-^Comb. HH@12c for bright and lOV^^
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
TUft'Vic; llBht amber extracted, 6U56?ic; dark.
51;^ Cc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24(g26c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy,
lie fot light medium. 12c for light, 13c for ex
tra heht and 14Vic for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. lCf?13\4c; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl; extra Mess/ $13; Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork, n*S0@15:. extra clear, $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12#@13o rer lb.
LARD—^Tierces quoted at 7<J?Sc per lb for com
pound and 8V-®9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
&Vic: 10-lb tins. 9&c; 5-Ib tins. 10Uc.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 8%(?fS%c per lb; half
barrels, S%@S"6c; 10-lb tins. 9»ic. :':;,•.•',
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under ¦ quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 0S9Vzc; light. 9@9^Ac;
Cowhides. 9@5Vic; Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 9c:
Calf, 10c; Dry HWes, sound, ISc:. culls and
brands, 13c: Dry !Kip and A'eal. 16c; Dry
Calf, lSc : ; Sheepskl^r. SheariJnfrs. 20<i?33c
each; short Wool, SsflfOOc each; medium. 70-5900;
long Wool, $1«1 SO each; Horse Hld>s. J2S2 50
for large and 75cS$l EQ for small; Colts, 2.V3
COo. Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 37^ic: fall
or medium Fkins, ,32Vic; winter sr thin ?k!r.s,
20c: Goatskin=-fI J rime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium; 35c. \'-/ ¦>':¦ '. •'
TALLOW— No. 1; rendered, 5c per lb; No. 2,
404'-ic refined. 6c; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL — Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Xorthern free. 15V.(!?17c; Xorthern defective; 13
@15c; Middle County., free. 15®17c: "Middle
County, defective. 13@13c; Southern Mountain,
12 months', 125xl3c; Southern Mountain, free,
7 months'. Il(ffl3e: Southern Mountain, defec
tive, 7 months', 10ffl2c: Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 20(5 21c; Nevada, ]4fn"c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 6311c per 1b-
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 5>4@6^c per. lb for fair to choice.
VEALr—Large, : 8@9c; small, 9g9'»c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%Q7c; ewes, C@C^c per
pound. V :
LAMB— Spring; SH@3c; yearlings. 7USSc per
lb. • ¦ ¦ ¦ '¦
PORK— Live Hogs. h^'riZnc for small and
medium and 5»4@5%c for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, o'-i@5Vic; dressed Hogs, 7g8V£c.
General ¦ Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags,' $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6}4c; Wool Eags, 2SU@32V4c;
Fleece Twine. 7>4c. ;'
• COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; new Welling
ton.'$8; Southe^d Wellington, $3; Seattle. $G;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, JS;'Co
operatlve Wallsend, |S; Cumberland, $12 in
bulk and $13' 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Ebb. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $1S
per ton in bulk and $1S in sacks; Castle Gate
and Kock Springs. $S 43 per 2C0O lbs.
SUGAR— The Western Supar R»fln!ng Com
pany quotes, per lb, In ICO-lb bags: Cubes,
A Crushed and Fine Crushed, ,5.70c; Powdered,
5.30c: Candy Granulated. 5.30e; Dry Granulated.
5.20c; Confectioners' A. o.20c; JIagnolia A, 4.S0c;
Kxtra C. 4.70c; Golden C. 4.60c; barrels!. 10c
more; half-barrels, 2".c more; boxes. 50c more:
50-lb bags, l!)c more.. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels,. 5/93e; boxes, 6.20c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
i FOR THURSDAY. MAY 31.
Flour, qr sUs S>.476>Sufrar, fks 900
Wheat', ctls 3.P50;SuKar, bbls 3ia
Iterley, ctls S,CS."»JL,lme, bbls 362
Oats, ctls ...'. 47G!Wlts. bdls 182
Corn, ctla 42y|naisin.«, bxs 2.450
ltutter, ctls....... I,fr5ft Quicksilver, flsks 2i)0
Cheese,' Ctls....... . 372'KgKS, doz 37,620
Tallow, ctls...... 424|\Vlne, cals .51,325
Potatoes, sks..-',. 6,340 Leather, rolls.... " SO
Corn, IiSist, ctls. 1.200 Hides, Xo ' 523
Onions, sks • 2.2S3!Ilay. tons.... 1,010
Middlings, sks... 100 1
OREGON'.
Flour, qr «ks 11,276 Bran, sks 4,719
Oats, ctls l,54f> Wool, bales S3
Potatoes, sks 567
THE SA^ FRAXGISGO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 1, 1 900.
Foreign Futures.
TO ARRIVE.
Shipping Intelligence.
10
Steamer Movements.
GBASSHOPPEBS IN A GLACIER
Thero are many remarKriDie g aciers in
that part of the Rocky Mountains upHfi
that crosses the southern border of Mon
lann V Part of this region has hitherto
been enmapp'-a and Its more elevated pet-.
tlons rtrc unvisited and unnamed until
las' summer, when a jreolcslcal party pi
lotfd th9 way up the mountains and dis
covered "some of the iarsrest Rlacicra in
ti-»» temperate regions of the western
world HerV rises Granite Peak, which.
BTcording to Mr. Gannett; is the culminat
fnTpoim of Montana. 12.K1 feet high
Aniorg the glaciers found in these
Trourtrfr« and recently described by
J^rres P." KimbaK ta Grasshopper Glacier.
w^Vrh derives its name from the er.or
w."^,/= mmntltv of grasshopper remains
rhat ire found on ard in the Racier. Pe-
Hw'iAllv the grasshoppers that thrive in
tl-e "prairie to the north take their flight
Vortnward ami must needs cross the
n?ounta"r.s. Their favorite route see.m 3
[taf of this .Tlacier. They are; of courso.
carried bv the Ice river down into the val
fev ord deposited at the meltlne ed S e of
th^ Ice and Mr. Kimball says that thou
sands of tons of grasshopper remains are
?he prfnripal material at the k«r« ed.^
?o f cksand a sand as "forming the tennlnal
"SSS^prtn^l' ' moVrinal " ma ferial : is
ST >rhl*° T Uis?ei remains are washed out of
thV ire in^ furrows wherever the sun' a
heat has grooved the surface into runlets
"f descending water. The grasshoppers
permeate the glacier Irom top to bottom.
No fragment of ice can be broken so
small as not to contain remains. Most
nt the insects have been reduced to a
coarse powder, and the furrows of them
wi«hed out by the runlets and naturally
d«sno«=ed in parallel lines are very darit
in' coior.-Omaha Bee.
I ; THURSDAY. May 31—2 d. m.
¦ Bjd.Ask. r . -Bld.Ask.
US Bonds— ;¦"• Eqult G L Co. 2% —
4s quar coup..lt5S£116%!Mutual El Co. !«v» 11
4s do ret' .115HllCVs O G L & H... «H 4*
Is do cu iiew.:i34>.»135 Pap Gas Imp.. 45 4ti
3s do coupon. ( 103U10'J*i Pac L Co « 43
Miscellaneous— S F G &. E.... — 4614
Cal-fet Cab .is..ll3Vi — * 'an Krancisco. 4V£ *¦?»
C C Water Es.lOsVi '— ' Stkii G & K Co 10 —
Ed L i P CS..1VSV3 — insurance—
P & Cl Ry 6s. .116 — Film's r und.228 •—
Geary-st R Cs. — 93 Hank Stocks—
-U C & S 5>4s.. — — \r.glo-Cal Ltd. Co 67
Do 5s ....?... 105 - Hank of Cal... 410 -
L A Ry 5s..... — 104% Cal S D & T.103 —
L."A L Co 6s.. — J — * Kirst ¦ National. —290
b Do gntd Cs.. - - Ljon P & A....13214
= Do gntfl ts...lOQ- — ' Merchants Lx lo —
L A & P R 68.102% - Nev Nat Bank - —
Market-st Cs...l23 — Savings- Banks—
.Do" 1st M 5s. m 119- Ger. S & L....1S30 —
N C N G it. 7s. 114 Hum K & I-.. — —
N It or Cal 6S.113MH5?* M u * Sav Bank 4a .. —
Do 5s*... 117s-— - S F Sav L....» .-
N PC R R 6s.l01%102Vi Sav & L So.... 74 78
Do 6s......-..1«« 109 3ec Sav Ilk.....— , —
X Cal R R 68.117 — ° Union T Co.... — —
Oak G L&Kud.UI — Street Railroads —
Onk Tran 6s.. 118% — California 121V4U3
Oak W Co 6s.. — — Geary-st 50 —
Oceanic S Gs..lO7 107i; Market-st Ry.. 62V4 63
OmO Ry 6s. ..123 — O S L & li..— Jo
P & Cl Ry 6s. 104*4 — Presidio ...16 —
P & O P. R 6s.ll5 — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st It Csl2O — California 160 170
Sac L & G R.'j8 — — Giant Con Co. 86 £6%
S F & SJV 5s.lmi — Vigorit ¦>% j VB
B Ry of Cal Cs.lll'i — Sugar Stocks—
S P of A 6s. ..113^114% Hana S P Co.. 7% V,i
Do (ISO.".) ....109».« — Haw C & S Co S9% 90
=.no (1906) ....lll'.illS Honokaa S Co. 31 3'.*i
Do (1912) .... — 1 221 <5 Hutch S P Co. 25% 2s%
Do 1st cu 5s. — — . Kllauea S Co. :'u^ 4 -.
B P!lr 6s 130 — Mckawell S C 47% 47%
S V Water 6s..ll5Vi — Onomea S Co.. 2S 2S'.i
Do <s 1MH - Paauhau S Co. 31% 32
''Do.- 3d mtg..lO2 1 ,4 — Miscellaneous—
Stocktn Gas 6s 99 — A 1 Pack Assn. US 113
. Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Ann.— —
Contra Costa.V — 12% Mer Ex Assn.. — IPO
Marln County. 50 — Oceanic S Co. 93?» 93
Spring Valley. — 95U Pac A FA '1 —
Sun f!
'Ires...
..4:4
>et»
Moon
sets..
10:40 p.
Q I
ITime!
ITime!
!Time|
w t
in w
Pi
' l *M
| Ft. !
|Ft.
I
1 ...
2 ...
3 ...
4 ...
5 ...
fi ...
7
2:05
3:12
4:oe
L W|
0:1^21
<J:3S1
! i -.rn
s.3i 8:13
4.S 8:S5
4.3 9:35
3.S! 10:1-1
II XT
2.7! 6:W
i 2.21 6:3.-
! 1.7 7:50!
O.I 3:32
0.3 4:17
0.S 4:5:>
1.3 3:27
3. Si 10:33|
3.4! ll:47i
3.4! 1S-M
4.9f S:23i"
•4.9 9:ii\
i.O 10:52,
5.1 1.
H w|
1.7 B:14|
¦ 2.1| 6:30;
2.4| 7:23|
3.!
i 3-:
3.t
E.I
I 5.:
5.;
mi
| T
Hi
ili!
LL!
t!
I Moon' 9 Phases.
Z
*
I -^ First Quarter,
¦ » June 4.
3
10
in
12
HI
13
7
fir
!5!
9
.3
©Full Moon,
June 12.
As* Last Quarter.
IT
! is I
i 20
21
=2
! -¦
24
2i
; 27
2S
3
j Xfw Moon,
. I sSf June 23.
Steamer. | . From. | Due.
- -1 : 1
MarlDOsa Sydney June 1
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound June 1
Point Arena.... Mendoclno June 1
Del N'-irte : Oregon Ports June 1
City of Sydney. Panama i . June 1
Luxor ........... Hamburg June 1
Coos Bay Newport June 1
Robt Adamson.jNanaimo June 2
Mackinaw I Seattle...... June 2
Universe j Oyster Harbor [June 2
Arc ata |Coos Bay Uune a
Columbia (Portland June *
Cor"™a i San Di0 *° • June 4
North Fork JHumboUU June 4
WellinRton |Oyster Harbor June 4
Hongkons Maru'<"him arc! Japan ijune .-«
Pomona Humbolat June a
Warfleld Oj-ster Harbor Juno.o
AVashtenaw .... T.voma June 5
Bonita Newport ...... June «
ITmatllla Victoria & Puget Sound June 6
Crescent City... Crescent City June 7
City of Para Panama... June .
Santa Rosa |San Diego !Jane» 3
Steamer. I Destination.. l c Sails. 1 Pier.
Newburg ...|Grays Harbor|June I. 5pm|Plerl3
St/leot CaliPorlland ..!u:i- :, 11 arn^lfr :j
Fanta Rosa.lSain Dleso June 2. 11 am|Pier 11
San Jose.... Cape Nome.... June 2. 2 pm Pier 31
Humboldt . Ca'pe Nome.... (June 2. 10 am Pier 2*
Pomona. ....iHumbol<if..|..l.lune ?. 2 pm P\er o
Pomona ....I Humboldt June 2. 2 pmiPier 9
Queen JFuget Sound.. IJune 2. 2 pmiPIer !>
Uel Xr.rff.. Orcs«n Ports. Jun* 3. > am Pj»r SJ
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. June 4. 2 pm!P er .
Coos Bav... Newport June *. 9 anffPter ii
Wai Walla. . Vie & P«t Pd. .lun^ r.. 11 a™^* *
Arcata Ccos Tay...... June 5.12 m Per W
Corona San Dle K a..... June 6. It am 1 Pier U
Gaelic China & Japan June 6. lpm i PMS.-'
Columbia ..IPortland. June 7. 11 am'Pier >i
North ForklHumboldt [June 7. ••••••• •V""i
Curacao ...IMexlco June 7. 10 am Pier 9
Bonlta [Newport June S 9atn,Plsrll
CHr Sydney Panama |June 8. IS mlPMSS
Steamer. | . From. | Due.
- -1 : 1
MarlDOsa Sydney June 1
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound June 1
Point Arena.... Mendoclno June 1
Del N'-irte : Oregon Ports June 1
City of Sydney. Panama i . June 1
Luxor ........... Hamburg June 1
Coos Bay Newport June 1
Robt Adamson.jNanaimo June 2
Mackinaw I Seattle...... June 2
Universe j Oyster Harbor [June 2
Arc ata |Coos Bay Uune a
Columbia (Portland June *
Cor"™a i San Di0 *° • June 4
North Fork JHumboUU June 4
WellinRton |Oyster Harbor June 4
Hongkons Maru'<"him arc! Japan ijune .-«
Pomona Humbolat June a
Warfleld Oj-ster Harbor Juno.o
AVashtenaw .... T.voma June 5
Bonita Newport ...... June «
ITmatllla Victoria & Puget Sound June 6
Crescent City... Crescent City June 7
City of Para Panama... June .
Santa Rosa |San Diego !Jane» 3
Steamer. I Destination.. l c Sails. 1 Pier.
Newburg ...|Grays Harbor|June I. 5pm|Plerl3
St/leot CaliPorlland ..!u:i- :, 11 arn^lfr :j
Fanta Rosa.lSain Dleso June 2. 11 am|Pier 11
San Jose.... Cape Nome.... June 2. 2 pm Pier 31
Humboldt . Ca'pe Nome.... (June 2. 10 am Pier 2*
Pomona. ....iHumbol<if..|..l.lune ?. 2 pm P\er o
Pomona ....I Humboldt June 2. 2 pmiPier 9
Queen JFuget Sound.. IJune 2. 2 pmiPIer !>
Uel Xr.rff.. Orcs«n Ports. Jun* 3. > am Pj»r SJ
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. June 4. 2 pm!P er .
Coos Bav... Newport June *. 9 anffPter ii
Wai Walla. . Vie & P«t Pd. .lun^ r.. 11 a™^* *
Arcata Ccos Tay...... June 5.12 m Per W
Corona San Dle K a..... June 6. It am 1 Pier U
Gaelic China & Japan June 6. lpm i PMS.-'
Columbia ..IPortland. June 7. 11 am'Pier >i
North ForklHumboldt [June 7. ••••••• •V""i
Curacao ...IMexlco June 7. 10 am Pier 9
Bonlta [Newport June S 9atn,Plsrll
CHr Sydney Panama |June 8. IS mlPMSS
Sun f!
'Ires...
..4:4
>et»
Moon
sets..
10:40 p.
Q I
ITime!
ITime!
!Time|
w t
in w
Pi
' l *M
| Ft. !
|Ft.
I
1 ...
2 ...
3 ...
4 ...
5 ...
fi ...
7
2:05
3:12
4:oe
L W|
0:1^21
<J:3S1
! i -.rn
s.3i 8:13
4.S 8:S5
4.3 9:35
3.S! 10:1-1
II XT
2.7! 6:W
i 2.21 6:3.-
! 1.7 7:50!
O.I 3:32
0.3 4:17
0.S 4:5:>
1.3 3:27
3. Si 10:33|
3.4! ll:47i
3.4! 1S-M
4.9f S:23i"
•4.9 9:ii\
i.O 10:52,
5.1 1.
H w|
1.7 B:14|
¦ 2.1| 6:30;
2.4| 7:23|
3.!
i 3-:
3.t
E.I
I 5.:
5.;
mi
| T
Hi
ili!
LL!
t!
I Moon' 9 Phases.
Z
*
I -^ First Quarter,
¦ » June 4.
3
10
in
12
HI
13
7
fir
!5!
9
.3
©Full Moon,
June 12.
As* Last Quarter.
IT
! is I
i 20
21
=2
! -¦
24
2i
; 27
2S
3
j Xfw Moon,
. I sSf June 23.
AyUIUN.SAlfcb
£a" fe> fe
59 HEAD OF HORSES
Weighing- from inso to 1K0.
Well-matched pairs of BL.\CXS t:\Y3
BROWNS and CHEHTNCT SORRELS
From HAfSOINS- RANCH <K^rn Co. Land Co).
At SALESYARD, 1732 MARKET ST cor Van
¦ . Ness ave.
CHASE & MEN'UEXH \LU
successor to KILLIP & CO.Suits for Divorce.
OAKLAND. : May 3L— Suits for divorce
¦were "commenced to-day by -Laura , Etta
Miller from John N: Miller and Jack Tay
lor, from Ollie Taylor. Desertion is th«
ground named' In each action.
Motorman Beeba Convicted.
R. L. Beebe; motorman on a Third
street electric car, charged with battering
Frank Monasrhan. a machinist, living in
th-e.Potrero, was convicted by Judge Fritz
yesterday and ordered to appear for sen
tence this morning. ' Notice of appeal was
given. Last Sunday night Monaghan and
his 'sister. Mrs. .Cusick, were on Beebe's
oar., Mrs. Cuslck had a soldier friend with
her and Beebe made a disparaging remark
about her. Monaphan resented it • and
Beebe cut his scalp by a .blow from : the
controller bar. it
Allen Denies Fraud.
OAKLAND. May 31.— Charles R. Allen,
who is being sued by the - Commercial
Bank to recover $750, alleged to have been
paid under false representations, has filed
an answer in which he denies that the
bank was Induced 'to pay money through
his false statements. ,
OAKLAND. May 31— The well which Is
bfing bored under municipal direction at
Koberte* Landing In a test for a water
supply has been funk 300 feet and neither
water nor gravel has been ptruck. Thf
einkinsr proprefses at the rate of twenty
feet a day.
Well Boring for City Water.
Mrs. Emily Pardee Weds.
OAKLAND. May 31.— Mrs. Emily F.
<Pardee. widow of the late Dr. E. H. Par
doe, has married a prominent attorney
tamed Nairn of Baltimore. Md. Mr. and
-"'Irs. Nairn have gone to Europe on a
wedding tour. Their home will be In Bal
timore.
HEINE WANTS MONEY
BACK FROM ARBULICH
OAKLAND. May 31.— William F. Heine
wants to recover J400 from his former part
ner, M. A. Arbulich, who, he claims, vio
lated an agreement not to enter again,
into the c buslness of carpet beating In
the town of Berkeley after disposing of
his interest to the plaintiff. He filed suit
to-day in the Superior Court for that
amount. °
Heine alleges that for more than a year
and up to May 3 he and Arbulich were
partners, conducting an establishment at
SS11 Shattuck avenue, Berkeley. On
May 3, he declares/ Arbulich represented
to him that he was desirous of trying
his luck' on the beaches of Nome and
induced him to pay 1400 for his Interest
in the "concern. The money was paid on
OAKLAND, May Zl.— Henry Austin Ad
stne. the eminent lecturer, will deliver an
eddrc-5s next Monday evening at St. Fran
cis de Sales Hall en "Cardinal Newman."
The lecture will be under the auspices of
the Catholic Truth Society.
HENRY AUSTIN ADAMS'
LECTURE IN OAKLAND
"Woman's Club Tangle.
Mrs. Elfleda Bradley, president and
manager of the Woman's Business Club,
937 Market street, a co-operative employ
ment agency, was held to answer before
the: Superior Court in $1000 bonds by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday on a charge of fel
ony embezzlement./ She was "accused of
embezzling $490 which should have been
deposited in the Columbian Bank. A num.
b£r:of witnesses were examined yesterday
mostly women, and -when Mrs. Bradley
was; held there was a. general shaking of
hands among them. •"; •
Mrs. . Sather Sells to Dingee.
OAKLAND. May- 31.— Deeds have been
placed on record by which Mrs. Jane K
Sather, transfers to William J: Dingee
seventy lots adjoining the Linda Vista
Tract. Though no consideration is named
the revenue stamps attached to the docu
ment denote that about $30,000- changed
hands. - ' ¦ ' .
Must Not Use Firearms.
OAKLAND, May 31.— Chief of Police
Hodgklns has given notice that he will
enforce strictly the ordinance prohibiting
discharging of firearms, applying it spe
cially to July 3. 4 and 5. This I3 because
of the many accidents resulting- from use
of weapons during the national holiday
season. . ;;-. ••- ;
Money-Lender Charges Swindling.
OAKLAND, May 81.— Joseph Dyer a
nhotographer. wns arrested to-day' on
•complaint of Cyrus Kelly a money broker
who charges Dyer with ohtaihing $160
from him on false representations. Kelly
says- Dyer forced a telegram purporting
to be from 'his father guaranteeing the
money lender payment of the loan.
MAXIMILIAN RICHTER
ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
BERKELEY. May 31.— Maximilian Rlch
ter. !• years old, who lives in a little cabin
<n his own property at Grove and Fran
cisco Ftreets, attempted suicide early this
afternoon by firing a bullet through his
brain. -V -
Shortly after 1 o'clock the neighbors
were «tartled by the report of a pistol
coming: from the direction of the old
ram'? cabin. Richter. who has been suf
fering from an attack of the grip for sev
eral weeks past, pat in his doorway, hold
ing a rusty old muzzle-loading pistol, one
chamber of which was empty. The bullet
entered the left temple and lodged over
the right eye.
There was nothing to throw any light
on the reason for the attempt except that
his mind, according to the neighbors, has
b**en failing lately. Richter owned the
property on which his cabin is located.
b*»sid**s several Fmall adjoining lots. He
was divorced from bis wife, who Is at
present living in Oakland, several years
ngo. Hr- Is a German by birth.
BERKELEY, May 31.— Complaint was
made this afternoon to Marshal Lloyd or
an assault committed on Night Watch
man George Parker last night by Chester
Judson. Judson, who has Just passed his
majority, attends the Hastings College of
Law in San Francisco. He resides with
his father, Charles' Judson. at Oxford
street and Addison avenue. For some time
past he has been drinking heavily and his
potations nearly culminated, in murder
Judson returned from San Francisco" on
one of the late trains and was around the
Berkeley station for a few minutes an
noying several people. Watchman Parker
interfered and ordered Judson home.
There were but few words passed, when
Judson abruptly left to go to his home.
In a few minutes he returned, armed with
a Winchester, and /ordered Parker to
throw up his hands. Parker was too
quick for him. however, and struck him
on the head with his club, felling him to
the ground. Judson was _ then , carried
home. , ¦ , .,
Marshal Lloyd saj's that some action
will be taken Immediately to place Judson
where he cannot do any harm. Several
times he has been called to Judson s home
to quiet him and prevent him doingr bodily
Injury to himself and others.
CHESTER JUDSON ASSAULTS
NIGHT WATCHMAN PARKER
Drew at the Macdonough.
OAKLAND. May 31.-John Drew and
his select company will appear at the Mac
donough Theater next Saturday nisht In
the successful comedy "The Tyranny of
Tears.
The James Neill company will hold the
boards at the Maedonough aJl of next
week. A repertoire of the company's suc
cesses will be rlayed.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
BERKELEY, May 3l.-The classical stu
dents of the University of California have
j been Invited to take the competitive ex
i aminations to be held next March for the
honor of appointment as one of the six
follows of the Archaeological Institute of
I America.
B. A. Baird of this j-ear's class has been
appointed aid in the fnlted States Coast
and Geodetic Survey. Mr. Baird has made
a specialty of astronomy under Professor
A. O. Lueschner.
OAKLAND. May 31.— The Fire and
Wst«>r Committee of the City Council rec
ommendc-d to-ii!j;ht that the Board of
Health be request <»d to visit Lake Chabot
to determine on methods to be •employed
in the_pur:2cat!on of the city's water sup
ply. This action wa? taken as a r«*?ult of
The last monthly report of City Chemist
r.urd. which show? that the wat<--r fur
nished by th* Contra Costa Company is
v.nhealthful because of, the excess of or
ganic matter.
City Attorney Do-wr was asked what
lcpral' steps could br taken to have the de
fect remedied, and he r^p'ied that a suit
would have to be brought by the city
ngainFt the water company to compel it
to filter or otherwise purify its water.
lie was not in favor of such action, as it
•would be two months before the raw
couM be heard, and in the meantime steps
n:!?ht be taken by the Council and the
IJnard cf Health to Induce the corporation
to clear its water of the excess of inju
rious matter.
TO PURIFY THE WATER
SUPPLY OF OAKLAND
TROPHY FROM MANILA
PRESENTED TO CITY
OAKLAND. May 31. — A bronre cannon,
one of the trophies of the capture of
Manila, secured for th* city by Congress
man M<*tca!f. arrived here to-day from
Mare Island in charge of Commander F.
P. Drake. The ancient relic was tempor
arily lodged In City Hall Perk. Mayor
Snow has arrancM that a mounting shall
be constructed for the weapon, and that
it wii! be ready for installation at the
j;ark on July 4. c . ,
The gun is one of a number sent from
Manila after the battle by Admiral D»wey
to the Navy Department. Learning that
It would b* possible to secure one of the
raptured Spanish cannon for the city,
Corprpjfnian Meaenlf made application,
which was honored at once. The weapon
which was selected i<= of solid bronze east
ir.p. with 5ix-inch bore and bell-shapc-d
muzzle. Near the muzzle is engraved on
th«- chase. "Fulmlneso," as the gun was
rained. Near the vent, the arms of Spain
are pr.graved. The date of manufacture
was September €. I7S9. at Seville. The
pun's weight is €3T5 pounds. It has value
now as an historical trophy.
OAKLAND, May 31.— The Oakland
Club s benefit for Its vacation and
cooking schools, which will take
place at Reed Hall, Friday after
noon, has the immediate, attention .of so
cial Oakland. . Some unique features are
promised, notably a cushion sale from 2
to 4 o'clock,, for the domestic science de
partment. Cushions, pillows, divan and
couch decorations in profusion. have been
made for the sale.. Society leaders have
Interested themselves to a great extent in
this department. A notable collection of
valuable articles has been gathered to
win dollars from friends of the club's
philanthropy.
To the delightful programme already
announced have been added several num
bers, which will be sung by Mrs. Martin
Schultz. Mrs. HIriton will give several
piano selections. Miss Russell's class of
children will dance the minuet in costume
at i o'clock.
Among the ladies who have special In
terest in the entertainment are: Mrs.
Rpbert Watt, Mrs. John Bakewell. Mrs.
B.*T. Barber, Mrs. G. W. Bunnell, Mrs.
Charles D. Oiney. Mr?. Wakeman-Curtls
and Miss Alice McChesney. The ladles
require $300 to carry on the . vacation
school this summer, and they hope to
raise that amount at to-morrow's enter
tainment.
". ','. • i ,' v * •
The first regular meeting of the Oakland
University of California Club will be held
to-morrow evening in the parlors of the
Unitarian Church. Judge J. W. Stetson
is ¦ temporary president, and Bernard P.
Miller temporary secretary. There are
about 300 U. C. alumni In Oakland and
Invitations to attend the gathering to
morrow evening were sent to all possible.
Secretary Miller reports that about 110
have accepted. Dr. Joseph L.e Conte will
deliver an address. John R. Glascock, AV.
R. Davis and George E. de Golia have
also been asked to speak. Librarian
Charles S. Greene will outline the purpose
of the new organization which has been
formed in accordance with the suggestion
of Professor Wheeler at rhe recent
alumni conference held on Charter day.
An informal musical programme has been
arranged. and a very pleasant as well as
profitable meeting Is anticipated.
i ¦'¦'¦ '¦ ¦ • * * ¦
A minstrel entertainment and military
ball will be given at the West Oakland
Auditorium Wednesday evening, June C,
by- the League Club. This club is
made up of members of Company F,
League of the Crops Cadets, and from the
preparations In progress the approaching
entertainment promises to be a decided
success, some of the best local talent hav
ing been secured for the occasion. Those
on the committee of arrangement are:
captnln M. Hynes, Lieutenant J. Henry
Long. Lieutenant J. Henry Sheehan, Ser
geant J. Mullins, Sergeant J. A. Flynn.
Musical committee. *J. Toomey.
¦ ¦ • - • • ¦•_
The Woodmen of Oakland have set aside
the 6th of June as their Memorial day.
They will meet at 1 p. m. at Lorlng Hall,
on that day. and from there they will go
to th» cemetery to decorate the graves of
th<? Woodmen dead.
The monuments of Christopher Mansrels
and J. H. Lanyon will be unveiled on that
day. June 6, Oakland Camp will visit
Peralta Camp at Berkeley. Fifteen pro
tection degrees will be conferred by the
degree team of Oakland' Camp, and after
the ceremonies a banquet will be served.
All Woodmen are invited. . v ;: ;
• ? •
•A very pleasant social dance and ban
quet was given last night by Court Oak
land No. 46, Foresters of America, at
Grand Army Hall. The various commit
tees were as. follows:
Committee of arrangements— E. W. W.
Bayles f chairman), J. Singen, G. W. Cur
tis, W." R. Brackett, W. J. Brltton. Floor
director— W. Britton; assisted by G. Cur
ti? and W- R. Brackett. = Reception com
mittee— E. W. W..Bayles. J.. Singen.
• • •
Ivy Lodge No. 4, Degree "of Honor. A.
d. U. W.. will have an election of officers
next' Wednesday evening. .It promises to
be quite interesting from the fact that
several candidates are up for the offices
of recorder, outer and Inner watch and
organist, and the friends of each are ex
pected to turn out in full force.
FANCY PILLOW SALE
FOR COOKING SCHOOL
i in the cars was almost unbearable. Human be-
I Ings have to breathe that foul air/ and. of
j course, it Is unhealthy.
FRANK -V. DODD, Alameda Land Company
—1 have notireff a great falling off in the de
mand for house? from people who usually come
1 to Alameda during- the summer, and I attribute
; it to the recent wrecks on the narrow-gauge
j and the lack of accommodations. People will
i not come to a town If they think there is
danger In the travel* If they had reasonable
assurance that they could get to their homes
j In | safety and at ¦ regular hours It would be
I all rlRht, but under present conditions no <«uch
assurance Is given.
THE ALAMEDA ARGUS said this evening:
"The people of Alcmeda should no longer delay
fgoing before the Southern Pacific management
j and demanding better narrow-gauge service.
j I.,aFt. Saturday's train-running was almost the
! la=t straw. Commppcing with the heavy travel
•! home In the afternoon, the people were put
i to all sorts of Inconvenience and annoyance
J : One trip consumed 'an hbur and forty mlutes
¦ Kvery train was iate. Passengers had to wait
at the mole for the next train. Weak and
puny enjfineR got Mailed, air-'orakes gave out
I end stops were made between stations, the
train starting again before Intending pasxen
gerS...who had. waited half an hour had time
to come up and get aboard."
Prominent Citizens Give Their: Experiences
Upon Some of the Southern Pacific Com- /
pany's Slow-Moving Cars. /
I «yT? LAMEDA, May 31.— Narrow-gauge
j I \\ trains continue to run between
It <\ . terminals with a charming indif
ference as to time and connection.
All day yesterday and to-day passengers
were subjected to the same exasperating
delays which for a month past have pro
voked them to the aggravation point at
| every attempt they have made to do the
! cross-the-bay trip within a reasonable
time. Trains are frequently half an hour
late. \^-' ';.
No apparent effort has been made or ts
likely to be made for better accommoda
tion. Some of the trainmen try to ex
plain away the long- delays by saying that
they are under orders not to run their
trains over eighteen miles an hour, as the
management is fearful of a disaster
greater than any that has yet taken place.
"These recent accidents have got me
scared." said an old engineer to-day. "1
have an uncanny feeling every time I get
aboard my engine which I never felt in
all the years 1 have been railroading. 1
do not care so much for myself as 1 do
for the trainload of people I am pulling
behind me. We ought not to be blamed
for running under slow headway and
creeping around curves. The greatest
thing to fear is an accident when we're
running tender ahead, and when she's
running that way there Is less chance
of us stopping the train and get
ting ourselves out whole, as we have less
control of the engine. Turntables should
be put at each end of the road at once."
Not only do the trains creep along the
most of the time nowadays but some of
the m do not have vitality enough to even
cre»p. La5t Saturday the Southern Pa
cific practiced its greatest imposition on
the commuters of Alameda. The 5:15
train from San Francisco, consisting of
twelve heavily loaded coaches, was pulled
by one -of the company's little old-style,
days-of-'4S engines, all the big machines
having been sent out with picnic trains
to the Santa Cruz Mountains. When the
little engine had managed by puffs and
groans to get the train to the first sta
tion On the run. to Alameda, it suddenly
acquired "that tired feeling" and "lay
down." The passengers had already stood
a delay of twenty minutes, and they were
not in an amiable frame of mind. They
spent the time while waiting for another
¦engine uttering imprecations upon the
railroad management. Then the relief
engine arrived and hooked on to the train
and continued the struggle, finally get
ting those on board to their destinations
an hour later than usual.-
Saturday evening conditions Were wors.e
than through the day. The 9:30 boat from
the city landed its passengers' on time,
but there was no narrow-gauge train in
tight. A few passengers who were "wise"'
took the Oakland' local and then rode to
their homes on the Alameda electric cars.
Several hundred others waited in' the cold
at the mole and had the pleasure of see
ing the Oakland local make the round
trip brfore their train. came in. . Lute In
the afternoon, and during the half-hour
trips, trains were so far behind time' that
the boats pulled out two or three times
¦without waiting for them.
The city of Alameda is the greatest
sufferer by these delinquencies of the
railroad. The city is- attractive as a home,
but accidents and poor traveling accom
modations are injuring it. Commuters
who live on the line of the narrow-gauge
and use it in their daily trips to and from
San Francisco continue -to forcibly ex
press themselves on the demoralized ser-.
vice they are compelled to endure. Com
plaint Is voiced by the following citizens:
J. G. BRICK, President of the Board of
Trustees— The service all along the narrow
pause haR not been what It ought to be, but
I»£t Saturday wn« the worst I've peen yet. I
left the city on the 5:15 boat, after ha vine to
hurry to catch it. When we got to the mole
there was no train even In elgljt, so we had
to wait. Thf-re must have been at least 1500.
anrry pa*seiicer* waltlnn on' the mole. The
aecommodationn down ther* nre exceedingly
meaeer and there ie no place to sit down. The
neopje all rushed for the cars after their arrival
and ¦ there wan a lot of confusion. But that
wasn't anything to what followed. The train
went very slowly over the bridge and we
thought It -was caution. But It wasn't- caution
at "all * l was B ' m r r >' because the little engine
could not pull the heavy train. • At Pacific sta^
tlon she stopped altogether. In some way we
got another engine, after another lonR wait.
and then tried-It again, though not very -suc
cessfully. It wu the moat exasperating trip
I ever took In all the- time I've, been In Ala
"dr C H. LUBBOCK. President Boarl of
Health— i «ra not affected by the running of
the narrow-pause trains, as I do not use them,
often but their sanitary atate Is "very poor.
Some time ago we undertook to set the rail
road management to keep the coaches cleaner.
Prom!»eB were made, but not. kept It ought
to be an ea5>' manner to keep refuse out of the
ccaches eren if the construction of, them make*
It Impossible to ventilate better. A commuter
told roe that on Monday not one of the coaches
u»«4 on the. picnic* the day before had been
B *ept. Orawce peeling, peanut shells and ex
pectoration marked the floors, and the odor
More Complaints as to :,tft'e Manner
of Operating the N arrow-
Gauge System.*
ALAMEDA 'S POOR
TRAIN SERVICE
OAKLAND. May :i.-Membcrs of the
r--i!J;ng Trades" Council appeared to-day
I *-fore the Board of Public Works to re
<juept that cj-afismen affiliated with the
t -jr.ril I* r'-'cojrr.ized i n employment of
ls^or on city work. John Mullins. busi
*;••: •; agent of the council, urged an en
forcement cf the eight-hour law. He also
presented a demand that skilled men be
hired as Inspectors on street work.
¦We went to the Superintendent of
Streets about thi« matter." explained
.Mullins, "and he said it was a matter of
politics. We will have to report this back
to our people, and they may do a little
missionary work along lines political
themselves."
"I think the Superintendent told the
truth." commerued Mayor Snow.
"I thought everything was going to be
r^-rfect in the department when you
rr.ade the change? interjected Commis
sioner Dow. referring to the recent re
moral nf Street Superintendent Miller.
"It has always been a matter of poli
tic." was the. Mayors rejoinder.
The board took no action in relation to
the subject.
UNION LABOR ASKS
TO BE RECOGNIZED
Murderous Chinese Arrested.
OAKLAND. May 31.— Quong ToBfT, th«
Chinese cook who assaulted Lee Foi with
a hatchet and a bottle at Pleasanmn last
Tuesday, was arrested to-day by Consta
ble Locke of Plfasanton. The murderous
Chinese was discovered in hiding not far
from the scent of the a«sault. He was
placed in the Plea?anton Jail pending hi3
arraignment before Justice Sandholdt
next Saturday on a charge of assault to
murder.
Commissioners Drop Charges.
OAKLAND. May 31.— Charges of insub
ordination made to-dav by Chief of Police
Hodgkins against Servant A. R. McKin
ley were heard this afternoon by the Po
lice Commissioners and dropped. The
hearing was in executive session. The
subsequent explanation was that the ser
geant had taken advice from Commission
er Dow concerning his attitude toward the
Chief, and the Commissioners upon that
showing decided not to press investigation
further at this juncture.
James Brannan and A. P. Reinhardt
were appointed regular substitute patrol
men and I. D. Tobin. Thorwald lirown
and John A. Gardner were appointed sub
stitutes.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 31.
Julius Quinchard of Alameda made a
mistake In the presentation of ferry tick
ets to conductors in the employ of the
Southern Pacific Company several months
ago, and now wants damages for the al
leged rough and humiliating treatment
accorded him by .the aforesaid conductors.
He brought suit to-day in the Superior
Court against the railroad company for
15000 damages, claiming that the em
ployes of the corporation hare injured
him in body and mind to that extent.
Quinchard's tribulations seem to have
arisen over his lack of knowledge that a
ferry ticket punched on a train connect
ing with a boat for the metropolis is not
good on the return trip across the bay. He
alleges that on March 23 he took passage
on one of the company's cars bound from
Alameda to San Francisco, and purchased
two tickets, one to carry him to his des
tination and the other for the purpose of
s-ecuring him conveyance back to the En
cinal City. On the way to the mole one
of the tickets was punched by the con
ductor of the train to signify that the
bearer had forfeited the right to further
be accorded the privilege of being car
ried on the local trains to the place of
transfer to the ferry steamer.
The mistake that caused all the trouble
was made when the plaintiff passed
through the gate on the way to the boat
and gave the doorkeeper the unpunched
ticket. After concluding his business in
San Francisco Quinchard traced his
steps homeward. Having already used
his unpunched ticket, he presented to the
doorkeeper the one from which the train
conductor had clipped a piece. He passed
through the door and was well on his way
to the steamer when the doorkeeper no
ticed that the cardboard had been
punched. .;._..¦..-•,
The unwary traveler alleges that at this
point the collector "wantonly, wickedly,
oppressively, maliciously, negligently,
carelessly, recklessly, viciously and with
force and violence did grab, shove, pull,
push, jam. Jerk, thrust, sling and eject
him from the door, at the same time yell
ing at the top of his voice: "lou have
used this ticket before. None of your
tricks here!"
¦ • All of this took place, reads the com
plaint. In the hearing and sight of a_num
brr of person*, to the great humiliation of
Quinchard. The plaintiff denies that any
trick was' Intended; and says he thought
the punched ticket was good for a return
Since the occurrence he says he has been
afflicted with heart disease and insomnia.
The belligerent doorkeeper Is said to be
a strong, vigorous man. weighing 200
pounds, while the plaintiff says he was
'•weak, feeble and emaciated weighing
about 120 pounds and ° f ""edingly r " e .f:
vous temperament and liable to ner\ous
prostration if subjected to exciting and
humiliating experiences such as pleaded
In connection with the defendant, the tick
et collector, the punched ticket and the
depot door.*^_ ' _____
Plaintiff Claims That Because of a
Mistake He Was Subjected to
Humiliating' and Brutal
Julius Quinchard Asks for
Damages From South
ern Pacific.
PUNCHED FERRY
TICKET CAUSES
BIG LAWSUIT
condition that Arbulich would not enter
into the business of carpet cleaning in the
town of Berkeley.
According to the complainant but a few
days elapsed before his former partner
commenced to fit up a rival establishment.
This action, he claims, is 'a violation cf
their agreement and the return of the $400
is asked.
fn? UMEDA, May 31.— The two Ala
// \\ meda parlors of Native Sons arc
ft determined to make an impression
during the big 1900 celebration in
San Francisco on September 9. They have
their committees out skirmishing for
headquarters, contracting for n-p-w banner
stands and arranging programmes. Meet
inrrs are held often, during which schemes
cf all sorts ar" discussed and passed on
with businesslike dispatch. ' '¦•.-•
course of erection: Several propositions
for . headquarters in San Francisco have
been entertained,, and a decision on which
oriei to accept wi]l be made this week.
Subcommittees aro working on features
for the entertainment of guests.
Aii energetic committee is working hard
to inake a good . showing for. Halcyon
Parlor. J. R. Knowland is chairman and
the. other members are J. Clement Bates,
W. B, Hinchman;. \V. R Kollmyer, S. J.
Shannon, George A. Innes, A. L. Morgen
stern and W. A. Giinn. The committee
AlamHa Parlor's 1.<*JO committee Is com
posed of F. O. fcchuman. chairman: W. K.
Bemb»r. C. N. Bolte. Max Gundlach and
E. J. Probst. It has been decided by the
committee- to adept uniforms, but just
what they will consist of remains to be
determined. A new banner -and banner
stand has been contracted for and is in
has been fortunate enough to secure for
headquarters the entire top floor of the
Alcazar building, on O'Farrell street. San
Francisco. The location is an ideal one
for : -the purpose, as it is central and sup
plied with all conveniences. A new ban
ner"! stand; is being built, to run on four
bicycle wheels. ¦'. ¦.¦::¦>.'.•'.¦¦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, May 31.
Miss Julia Calhoun wants- Frederick
Wundenberg to either make her his wife
or deed to her a house and lot on Filbert
street, near Tenth, which, she says, he
promised her last August. She claims
that Wundenberg wooed and won her with
the understanding that he was to give her
a two-story dwelling elegantly furnished
and equipped with every facility for the
embarkation into domestic life. The house
and lot and all were to be. the property
of Miss Calhoun after she became Mrs.
Wundenberg. It seems that Wundenberg
forgot his promise in regard to the mar
riage and also the property and now she is
invoking the aid of the law to bring her
recalcitrant lover to time — either to the
altar or to the Recorder's office. -
Miss Calhoun commenced suit . several
months ago against Wundenberg, making
the claim that he had asked her hand in
marriage and had been accepted. Before
his prorter of marriage, however, there
was talk of a home in which they were to
live. On condition that she would be
come his wife he was to convey to her
as her separate property a lot on Filbert
street, for the purenase of which he was
at that tilme entering into negotiations
with K. B. Rothenberg and his wife. A
handsome residence adorned the grounds
and the furnishings were all that could be
desired. The young woman says that she
was to have become the possessor of all
this should she consent to take the name
of Wundenberg.
The house, lot and furnishings were pur
chased and Wundenberg installed Mls3
Calhoun as mistress of the premises. For
a few months she remained in peaceful
possession, but shortly after Christmas
Wundenberg tried to coax her to leave
and when persuasion was of no avail
threatened to invoke the law. He ex
plained that he had changed his mind in
regard to the marriage and wanted his
presents back.
Then it was that Miss Calhoun, to pre
vent the loss of the property, as well as a
husband, retained Attorneys Crittenden
Thornton and Klley to bring suit against
her alleged promised husband to compel
himv-by process of law to carry out his
agreement. No answer was made by the
defendant and to forestall any action that
be might take Miss Calhoun to-day filed
an amended complaint covering such legal
points as were omitted in the original
document.
Would Compel \ Frederick Wunden
berg to Iffarry Her or. Give Her
Valuable Filbert Street
Property. .
Julia Calhoun Still After
Her Alleged Faithless
Lover. -.-. -
WARTS EITHER
HUSBAND OR A
HOUSE AND LOT
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, May 31.
The heirs of the late Lafayette Brooks
have not settled their differences, as was
thought when iast week a petition for let
ters of administration on the late capital
ist's estate was filed by M. E. McDonald,
who was understood to have been agreed
upon as administrator by the widow, Mrs.
Mary P. Brooks, and the contestant. Mrs.
Alice M. Wilkinson. . . :
Applications for letters of administra
tion were filed to-day by Mrs. Wilkinson
and Public Administrator R. C. Hawes.
Additional features are thus added to the
contest.
It i? apparent that the widow favors
the appointment of M. E. McDonald, to
whom her stepdaughter. Mrs. Wilkinson,
objects. The l^ublic Administrator, seeing
a possible opoortunity for himself, filed
his application fo that he might stand a
chance for selection should the Probate
Court be unnbl* to decide whether the
widow of Brooks or his daughter shall
have control of the estate.
Two More Applications for
Letter3 Filed in
Court.
Mrs. Alice H. Wilkinson, Daughter
of T>eceased, and the Public
Administrator Each Seek
to Act.
FIGHT STILL
ON AMONG THE
BROOKS HEIRS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Uroadway, May 31.
Minus the few years allowed by the
State as credits should his behavior war
rant them. Simon I^ouis Vetsera, alleged
fc!on of a noble family by birth and a
desperate* footpajj by choice, will spend
the next twenty-eight years of his life
within the walls of San Quentin Prison,
ile received his sentence this morning at
the hands of Judge W. E. Greene.
Vetfcra betrayed no emotion when the
jvords of Judgment were tpoken and took
n.s sentence calmly. He had no obj--c
™» T o offer -why sentrr.ee should not be
Iironounced and made no remarks to the
court after punishment was meted out.
l^puty Shrrirr LouSs Schonau left al
most immediately for San Quentin with
tne pri^on^r.
The young: bandit now claims that in-
Ftcad of Vetfera his ratne is Julius Ber
r<-n von I>megoy and that he is the son
of a lieutenant colonel in the Austrian
army.
The Young Bobber of Alleged Noble
Birth Makes Ko Statement and
Takes Punishment With .
Good Grace.
Twenty-Eight Year3 in San
Quentin Imposed by
Judge Greene
FOOTPAD SIMON
VETSERA GETS A
HEAVY SENTENCE
FATHER THOMAS McSWEE
NEY.
erected at Jones and Grove streets. This
building served until the present -hand
some brick edifice at Hobart and Grove
streets took Its place.
OAKLAND, May 31.— The members of
the parish of St. Francis de Sales
are preparing for the celebration of
the silver jubilee of the Rev. Father
Thomas McSweeney. pastor of the church
and founder of the parish. June 24 will
be the twenty-fifth anniversary of Father
McSweeney's ordination as a priest, and
special services will be held in the church
on the morning- of that day. In the even-
Ing an entertainment will be given In St.
Francis de Sales Hall.
The congregation has named the follow
ing committee to make arrangements:
Rev. Father Cull, assistant pastor of St.
Francis de Sales Church; P. J. Ryan. Ed
ward Hogan, P..N. Hanrahan, P. J. Crow
ley, J. J. Powers. Thomas Lamping, M.
Spencer, Xeil Gallagrher and L. Moriarity.
Father McSweeney Is one of the most
popular and best known of the Catholic
clergy In this State. He was graduated
at All Hallows College. Dublin. June 24.
1S75. and a few months later came to San
Francisco. He reached Oakland in 1S81
and officiated as assistant to Rev. Michael
King, pastor of the Church of the Immac
ulate Conception. When six years later
the increase of population in the northern
part of this city necessitated the estab
lishment of another parish Archbishop
Riordan bestowed the honor of the new
pastorate on the Rev. Father McSweeney.
The first sen-Ice of the parish was held
in Hanifin Hall, at Nineteenth street and
San Pablo avenue. A year later a com
bination church and school building was
SILVER JUBILEE OF
A POPULAR PRIEST
ALAMEDA NATIVES
MAKE READY TO SHINE
NEW5
OP- THE:
BOOTIES.
ALMEDA COUNTY
NEWS
OPTHfi
BAY CITIES.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JTXNE 1000.
Chairmen of Alameda County Native Son Committees.
11
fnffl Gill 3L00 in Yiar
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJQ.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m. : 3:15. 8:30 p. m.,(ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mi.«sion-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE 50c
t/Ad»ia a a m iistt* H1TBOB .ASOO Tom]
ftOSHOS UNE2S&??.:3S5Kk!
— S£BAPIS -4000 Tons'
Monthly salllav far Valparaiso and Zaaxtnxt .
TlmMaxteaapcT-k.C<— .traI.3oatiiAa«rlc»,«tc {
S.S. Luxor, 6500 tons, satis about Juno 3. i
I. D BPBKCKII-S * BBOS. I i>- %*»«U, 1 II i«l;o».f SU
>£ *»l-*r»»tfc« <>«"• m M.r»t »t..S»» Fr., him J
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HONOI,UtU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SIDNEY..
S. S. MARIPOS> (via Honolulu) t-> New Zea-
land and Austr. lla W«rt.. June 13. 8 p. m.
S S AUSTRALIA only>
Wednesday, June 27, IX», 2 p. m.
3. 0. SPRECXELS A o.oa. *-0.. tact*.. » u
Pier 7. Foot Taeifc SL f rsiiW Cfflc;. 32" 1 Mar^r St
COMFAGNIE GENERALS THIN3ATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -~j^
Sailing every Thursday insfad r,'
Saturday, from November 2. 1S99 at -5»w^5
10 a. ri., from PIT 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE. June 7: LA LOH-
RAINE. June 14: LA CHAMPAGNE. June 21:
L'AQTTITAINE. June 23. First class to Havre.
$60 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on round
trtp Second class to Havre, 145; 5 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New-York. J.
F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coart Agents, S
Montgomery avenue. Pan Fnndrcg.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE 'WHARF. COR-
n»r First and Brannan «itre<?t*. 1 d. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callinsr at
Kobe »HloRO). Nacasakl and Shanghai, and
ronnectlng at Hongkonff with steamers for In-
dia etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Millnz.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, Jure 14. 1900
SS NIPPON MARC Tuesday. July 10. 1300
SS. AMERICA MARC
FrMay, August 3. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
•421 Markat street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
irSW Y02K.
r. LOJiDOS. PASI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul June 8!St. Louis July t
St. Louis June 13iNew York July 11
St. Paul June27!St. Paul July Ii
RED STA.^ LJNi.
Nev* Yor!< end Antws— «
EMPIRE
From New York every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Noonlland June «i Westernland ...June 27
Frlesland June 13. Kenslnjrton July 4
Southward June 20 Noordland July 11
S. S. "OHIO." from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael. May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to .Norn*. St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June 30. July SI. August 30. For rate»
and other information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
thf o. p. & n. fin.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
F> O ".R, T "» • -A. N" O
From Srear-street wharf at 11 a. m.
CADE $'2 First Class including Berth
lAnC 58 Second Clas-» and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
June 2
COLUMBIA SAILS June 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Rutte.
Helena and all points In th« Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPMY
WILL DISPATCH FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
DIRECT FOR NOME
The well-known "Alaska Flyer" and csost
popular boat In the Alaska service.
S. S. HUMBOLDT.
POSITIVE SAILING
SATUTtDAY JCNE S
FROM STEX' ART-STREET WHARF at 19
Booktncra now b«>in< made for second sallins
a S. ZEALAXDIA.
For freight and passenger rates apply at
TheALASKA EXPLORATION CO.. 139 Post St.
O'CLOCK A. M. SHARP.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
DIRECT.
The New *nd Palatial Steel Steamship
SENATOR
Will sail from Seattle and Taeoma June 21.
July 21 and August 27. The SENATOR sa:i-
lnj July 21. will mak? an Excursion Trip via
the inland passage, and after landing at Nome
will .continue north thro' the Behring Straits.
past East Cape on the Siberian coast, crossing
the Arctic Circle, passing *nto the Arctic
Ocean. Pas**ngers are advised to lnsp?ct the
Senator before purchasing tickets via other
steamers, as her second-class and steerage ac-
commodations are superior to the first-class
accommodations on most of the steamers ad-
rertlsed for Nome. The Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co. has been running its steamer* to
Alaska— winter and summer— for 23 years an-i
Is the Pioneer Pacific Coast Lire. For further
Information Inquire of J. F. TROWBRIDGE.
Ocean Dock, Seattle. Wash. ; N. POSTON. 243
Washington St.. Portland. Or: W. PARRI3. 121
West Second St., Los Anpeles. Cal.: GOOD-
ALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Arts.. 10 Market
st. TICKET OFFICE— t New Montgomery st..
San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Fteamers leave Broadway
J^^ wharf, San Franci?co:
CjtK*^^ For Alaskan ports — 1! a. m. .
liA^SfV June 5. 10, 15. 20. 2.". 30, July
le> > cSv5 :^ ! - Change to company's
SK jteidVv-3 s-'- p -"-™ p !"s m Seattle.
E/ft4^3ii'1 For Victoria. Vancouver <R
Q*#fe<<!v«,*l C.). r ' ( rt Townsend, Sea'tlp.
r^ffiSasSS Ticoma. Evrett, Anacir'.^
"ilifflflt and New What com (Wash.) —
11 a. m.. June 5. 10. 13. '20. 23.
30. July 5. and "very fifth day thereafter:
change at Sf-attle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 10 a. m.. June
2 7. )2. 17, 22. 27, July 2. and every fifth day
th-reafter.
For Panta Crur. Monterey. Pan Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (Pan Luis Oblspo), Gavtota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San P-dro fl^os Anjrele?) and Newport—
9 a. m.. June 4. ?, 12, 16. », 24. 2S, July 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diepo. stopping only at Tort Har-
ford (Pan I-.uls Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anpples and Redondn (I-os Anpelcs)— 11 a.
m.. June 2. 6. 10. 14. ]«. 22. 25. 30, July 4, and
evpry fourth day thereafter.
For Enycr.ada. Masr.lalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazntlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th cf each
month.
For further information obtain company s
folders.
The company reserves the r'sht to chrtnse
steamers, pailtn* datps -and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFKICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hctel>.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. C?n. Auentg.
19 Market" et.. San Francisco. ¦
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCZAN TBAVEL.
LINti.
W/jl * hQ Watehdoy for the Cold fields,
J\ J>§f^Ml It bites when it barks. It will protect your claim
h^0!i}M Winchester
%j®fy]fip \ Ammunition
1^3^^^^^^^ Always reliable, sold everywhere, Send name and
EafewgB gwjKpfW address on a postal card for 160-page illustrated
U^^^^^K^ \ V Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
[^MifM^F^J 4l8 arket st - S 3 " Francisco, Cal. j£|t'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 1, 1900.
12
f AX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call. ccrn»r ef Market and Third etreets. op«n
until 13 o'clock every oljrht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
earner Clay; oprn until J:CO n> m.
?.y> Hayes Ftreet; open until S:SO p. m.
<33 McAllister ttrert: epea until 9:30 p. m.
*"15 Lnrkin f'.rp^t; cjicn until S:3O p. m.
:S>41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. r . ¦'.,
rril.MUslon street, comer Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 |x m.
3f* Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
30P6 Valencia street; op^n until 9 p. in.
Northwest corner TTrer.ty-second and Ken-
tucky *trectF: rpon until 9 p. m.
MEETING XOT1CES. ¦ -,
CALIFORNIA Commander}' No. 1. K. , -^- —
" T., No. S P.os«t St.— St.-ttf-d nfsembly psij
THIS EVENING. AH frater? corJlilly tjj
Jnvitr-d. Isy order of the oommander. \5*
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder. y
YERBA Buer.a Lodge of Perfection No.
l.-M*etir.g THIS (FRIDAY) EA'EN- A
ING at S o'clock.
GEO. J. HODS. Secretary. <S»5»
APdMX) Lodpp No. 113, I. O. O. F..-
Mi :. ¦ •« please .'.:•.¦•-:..: nr.d :-e t r. r S^V^^Ss?*
v. rk well done. Apollo *>y ¦'.:-¦¦¦ d< •-
free tegir. Bill confer the facond '*W>**"
tZi) degree THIS CFRIPAT) NIGHT, in Me-
morial na!I. O. F. trenOlBff. Sojourning and
visiting members cordially Invited.
W. A. LIMBAUGH. H. G.
W. F. NORCROSS, Sec.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledonian v «Qr \,
Club THIS (FRIDAY; EVENING JL Soj
at t> o'clock, at Scottish Hall. 11T HfivX®?
Urk!n «t. *»wP5«5'
ANGUS McLEOD, Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Sec.
BT. ANDREWS Society— Open meet- . r»Si
Ing will be held oa MONDAY 3L. t&OJ
ETVX2WTXO, June 4. at Scottish
Hall. 117 Larkln street. Members
ar.d friends Invited.
WILLIAM BALNAVES. President.
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary.
TIN and Sheetlron "Workers' Union meets TO-
NIGHT at K. of P. Hall. 909 Market st. In-
stallation; visit L. U. No. 1C<4 ;^ref reshmenU.
Every member requested to be present.
THE celebrated lady lecturer. MRS. ISAAC
SKLBY, will tell "Why I Left the Roman
Ccthrlic Church" this evening-. June 1. at 8
o'clock at the Fim Christian <"hurch. Twelfth
Etreet.. between MlFEion and Howard; admls-
flsn free.
THE <"aMfcrnla Debris Commisslor., having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
rrcc*ss Jrcm Robert Hill, in the Gardners
Polr.t m'.re. near Port Wine, Sierra Ccunty.
tf> flprcf'.t tallir-gs '.n EawmiU Ravine; from
Charles Hilton, In the Dry Gulch placer mine,
near Pleasant Valley. El Dorado County, to
deposit taUlngv tn Clear Creek; from L. Foss,
lr> the Wocnichuck mine. In Gold Lake Mining
District. Sierra County, to deposit tailings In
Wcodchuck Ravine, and frcm the Golden Hill
Minlcr Company, in the Golden Hill mine,
near Pewellton. Ratte County, to deposit tall-
Ir.rs !n a ravlr.e. trlv»» notice that a meeting
trill te held at rcom E9. Flood bulldlncr. San
Francisco. Cal.. on June 11. 1900. at 1:S8 p. m.
ASTllOLOGY.
PROF' "a! M ASERY~of~Egypt. irreate«t"aBtrol- |
ocist anfl palmiw In the world; eatisfactlon !
guaranteed. IS Powell et.
SCIENTIFIC estrolftfiy: readintrs. BOc: mall. U:
h^rf.f^rreti. FP.Or. MONROE. 12S Turk «t.
ATTOH.\EVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; filvcrce law a specialty: private;
no fee without euccefs; collections. G W.
HOWH. atty. at law, S50 Market. cor. Stockton.
R. W. KING. P27^ Market st.. room 627; all
cases; no advance charges; call or write.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. j
W. DAVIDSON, til Market et.. opp. Ma*on.
L S. CLARK. Emma Ppreekels bid*.. S27 Mar-
kft ft.: ccn>ultat!cn free; no fees In advance.
liilll CABIXBT — HOT Alrt. VAPOR.
ROmssOS~iTi--p^r7cl£ing: doer opens: 'firm I
and «afe. "VV. S. BROWN, gen. agt.. 426 Ellis.
BELGIAN HARKS.
LOR^^oNCASTER!?rrrrrr. . . , .. . . rrrrr^Fee'iu w
LORD DONCASTER Fee tlo 00 !
LORD DONCASTER Fee 115 00 I
On Mar IS we received direct from England I
an animal known as LORD DONCASTER. !
His sire was Palace Cup buck of 1&3S and dam '
•was winner cf Doncaster Silver Cup of USS. I
He won & prize every time he was shown tn I
Frglar.d. j
K» has magnificent shape, and without ¦
floubt excels every animal in America in the •'
dark richness of his color. For a very limited
time his fee in stud will be 115. Ycu cannot
set a like sen-Ice from any buck that- will
compare with him for I*ss than $50. If your
does lack color you 6hould certainly not fall to
breed them to him. - -
CALIFORNIA HELHIAN HARE AES'N.
ALAMEDA. CAL.
TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW. - . . —
Ycur la?t chance to buy one of those fin*
English Doe* or Bucks.
ONLY 4 FINE BUCKS LEFT.
Scoring, by official Judge. 96, SJ^i 85
Fine Imported I>*s from V0 up.
» Salesroom CH Montgomery gt.. city.
1" EACH— J youngsters (2 d.r*g and buck un-
related), ptralns of Lord Britain. Liverpool
a:i3 Gold Dust, with pedigree certificates and
up-to-date cace. For sale by ED YER-
WORTH. at 2 Chatham place. Bush st.. bet
Grant ave and Stockton ft.
THHROUGHnRKD Belgian does, bred to Royal ]
Soremcn. tlO to tX>; to Emperor of Norfolk, f
13 to |5>; to AJax (hiKhett-Fccrlr.g buck in P
Amerira). tSO to |9: youngsters, all strains 6
weeks. J2 ~fi; 10 week?. J3 £»: 3 months, J5 and ¦
t' i\ Kenwood Rahbltry. IZu 14th el.. Oakland.
P.Kr>FOOT RABBITRY— Choice Sir Styles. Yu-
kcn. BaSberr. Klondike Nugget, Red Rover.
Duke rt Aurklanfl and others; fine does, ready
tn Utter; crack young bucks. Seventh and
Clay ets.. Oakland.
CLARHMONT Belgian Hare Association— Does
bred to Fashoda Prints and Royal Rochdale.
110 to $."/>: best etraln youngsters, |2 to $13.
4'-:r T<-] P ;rrarh av*., Oaklar.a.
FOIi ?a!e— Wry fine stock cf hlph-tcore pedl-
rree<3 Belgian hares, all scored by Mrs Bush
lpy^ Sutter ft.. Sun Francisco.
TREMONT Belgian Hare Co.. 2134 Fillmore St.. |
San Francisco. Cal.— Send 6c In stamps for
ricok on care an') feeding.
BELGIAN hares, all flies, cheap for a few
cays to make mem;. Yukon buck for service
T'4 Golden Oa^o ave.
GOLDEN OATH BELGIAN HARE C. CO? GoM-
_ en Gate ave.. S. F.; 500 rabbits for sale cheap.
PHPIGRKKD dAe, irith litters by Lord Fa.«ho<la
Ch\ff lirrportf-!). -Eureka RabMtry. 1616 Turk.
DICYCLUS — For Sale or EienaagT"
NE^V Cleveland t>t(-yci»*; better than*evTr- $43
LEAVITT & BILL, tto Larkln st.
GREAT bargains in reennd-hand bicycles: from
$5 ur: Fend for liFt. LEAVITT & BILL. 3fc»
I^f-kln ft.. Fan Froncit^-n.
HOOKS XEW AXD OLD.
BCH OOL B'oOKS^uVrr^and'' VxcharJged!
Helmet, IW.k Co., 7->4 Mls»:on yt.. near Third.
!HS1M>« CHASCES.
A— tTiOO; CORNER citar itcre wTthcararooin"
clr^se to corner Market and Pcweli ets.; a rare
change. Call R. G. V.'lLKE, 2CH Kea.my st.
A — r200— BAZAAR and stationery: choicest loca-
tlcn on Valencia St.; rent 115; 2 living rooms'
rrest barrain; fwners must Mil «juiek; Nome
lever. Call R. G. WILKE, ICVi Kearny st.
A— I2M0; VnitY best location: sal'VJn close to
J Jf 'Wf-ll end Market ft!*.; business first class-
only patronized by best p»oplc; a rare chance"
Call R. G. WILKE. 164 Keerny et.
A— ilW— CANDY route; establ. 20 years; all
cash trade, -clearing about JUiO per month.
Call R. G. WILKE. K\j Kearny tt.
A— tiZO — COTtNCU grocery and tar. w:th 4 lir-
lng rooms; ectth of Mariiet tu; a good pay-
ing Jufir.css and rcre chance. Call R, G
V.ILKE, 2C'i Kearny Bt.
Ar-tlSO— SALOON, el^ar.tly fitted up; estab
years and doing a. g-ood paying business; place
located close to --Palace Hotel; rert J50; lease-
large *to<-k. bert <jualit> ; a rare offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. iC 1 * Kearny «t. i
A— $d&— COFFEE Ealoon and chephouse. with I
10 furnisher! ror.m«: rent lotr; dally receipts I
»35. Cal! R. G. ".YILKF. S^iJKearny *t. I
A— I3.V)— CORNER saloon; rent J18r<7hoTce«t lo- I
catloa south of Market st. : place doing a good !
r-aylnr; business, but parties cac't agree. Call i
_R. <VVny<E^26i4.Kearni st.
A— tZU) — COHNEIt branfh bakery and grocery
•with 4 living rocm«. on Oeary st. ; ; o w rent
ar.d Eo<"d paying t>us!ne?«; a rare chance.
<all R. G. WILKE. 26V4 K»arny et.
A— JSC6— CORNER ealocn. 1 block from Market
and Stockton etr. : net rent JC2; a trocd paying
enfl cld-e»»ablifhe<J l»u»lne«;s. Particulars I£
G. WILKE, 26H Kearcy tt
J20'»— HOME bakery: living rooms, furnished-
rh<-ap r*r.t. LANE A CO.. 8a Market et.
$3CO— GROCERY, notions, milk and bread; II v.
In* rooms; cheap rent. LAN'C & CO.. 865
Mcrket *U " . i
t27t— CANDY ar.d Ice crenm parlor; elejrant fix-
ture?. LANE & CO., *es Market st."
t^Jj — CANDY and Ice cream parlr : r: : living
rooms; cheap rent. LANK & CO.. 8C3 Market.
|K«K-GP.OCERY and bar; Trerh. r\ can stock;
Cood value. LANE & CO.. SC5 Market et.-
BAKERY and lunchroom; heart city; for ex-
change rooming bouse. COWING A 'CO.. 719
Mcrket Ft.
H'ft— RESTAURANT: very elwrantly furnished;
ISO down. UO mo. D. UcRAE, ES7 MUslon r.U
BCSIXESS CHANCES COXTINCKD.
$1100— CORNER saloon and lunch house: elck-
ness cause of tale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777H Market »t. •
J2S0— BUTTER. cffK end provision route; horse,
wagon; bargain. McLaughlin &Co., 777% Mkt.
J55rt-RESTAL"RANT; bargain; going . to Eu-
rope raufe of *ale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
TTT'-t Market. Et. . • . ¦¦¦
$4P0— SALOON: city front; bargain: on account
of other business.. MCLAUGHLIN, 777V4- Mkt
$M0-SALOON and lunch house; bargain this
day. MCLAUGHLIN: & CO.. TJJ% Market st:
A — *SiC-^LAL*NDRT roiita.cleerlrg S50 a month;
good horse and wagon; full -Investigation and
trial solicited before. buyins: splendid oppor-
tunity,. STENBERG CO.. 923 Market st. •;•
I Z2o(>— BRANCH liakenv. frocery'nnd notions; 4
! block* from Market *t. : 4 livln«c rooms: Tent
only $13; barKaln. STEXCERG CO.. S35 ..Mkt.-
WHAT -do you think of : this? A well-stocked
mcerj". ts-r. ' bakery, 5 living room?, fur-
' r.l!«;:e4, S- beautiful -Tocm*. with clean v new
- fnrrtlture and all occvpted by thebe^t of ten-
ants, the receipt* from; Trhlch more tharl pay
t^e rent of th» whole" premiss, are offered for
$S0<>; amene th» fixtures Is & Hal wood, reris-
' tcr that cost $100, a portable oven that «ost
more than that and all other fixtures complete
and in excellent enJer.V The place la- north-
wfst corner of Turk.-And Pierce sts. . . :.
AT a great iMrsain-^Pakerf , candy, notion?..
schorl pupplics, clRarF," «tc. ; good stock ftna
1 fixtures; located by :a school; living rooms.
! iyi$ Gciden Gate tve. ';'¦' - ¦'¦¦¦• ..-:'
BARGAJK- Saloon in far.ta Cruz; well eetab-,
lished; finest trade; -bear etrictest investiga-
tion. Western LandXfr.; 640 Market st. S. F..
8ALOON doing good business; wholesale dis-
trict; excellent opportunity. Apply at 501-505
Market st.. corner First. ¦'.-' ¦ . .- ¦:. ; ; - : -
BUTCHER business for salei^wholesale bills
over $300 per week; -no; oppoittion. Partlcu-
' lars at 344 Thirteenth St. ¦¦¦ ' ...'- .. . :' ; ' ¦"¦
LIQUOR store doing good bar and family trade;
in pood locality; excellent opportunity. 601-r
'605 Market et. ..¦ -j-.C-' :;.; :¦¦..¦-¦. . />•" '.,.- :<. ;
OROCERY and fialooni also 4 living rooms; $325 j
If sold .Immediately.'..; '1151 "Howard st. : ¦ >; :
PARTNER wanted, with "$500. in mining enter-
prise; profit enormous. : : Box 24, 106 Eleventh,
BLACKSMITH shop, stock and tools for sale;
good business. A. DA RLE. Martinez. y.; - ; .
i KERN Ccunty oil lajids ; . a chance to pet an
Interest in 11,000 acres of choice oil lands: buy
now and set In on the crou-nd floor: thes« :.
lar.ds are located In the great oil districts of
McKITTRICK. SUNSET AND KERN RIV-
ER. Kern Ccunty, ; ami h?lone to the.-OCCI*
DENTAL OIL COMPANY, . ': Incorporated ;
: under the lav.-s of West Virginia: .stock abso-
lutely non-assessable;. Investigation solicited.
D. H. MOSTELLER, Agent,
Room 364, Parrott . Building. S. F.
To rent— For c6al yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location; place Is entirely covered and con-
tains 8 stall?: rent enly $1": water free. In-
quire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call
building. ¦,.'". .. .- '.- : ': •"¦ ' • : ' :
RESPECTABLE man or -woman willing. to In-.
vest tSOO In a busings that will pay hand-
somely. Ad. Immediately B. B., box I7S1, Call,
WILL purchase good carrier's route on any of
the dally papers. . Box 1754, Call. : :. .- .;.;¦¦
$2100— SNAP: $10 day clear: be Increased; gen-
teel business: -dowst-own;' suitable lady or
Itentlerr.an: close Investigation solicited. 213
Examiner building.. .•- ' ¦ •;
CIGAR store and fixtures for sale for $125 If.
eold before Friday. June L Inquire' at 2S
East «t. - : ;- ; " ¦ ¦"/¦¦ .:;';.- ..;
FRUIT stand to let;" 416 Fourth st. ; low rent.
Apply to G. H. UMPSEN & CO.. 14 Monfg>-.
$450 — CORNER srocery and bar; 4 living rooms;
acount of sickness. : '1111 Howard; no agents.
FOR Rale— On account of departure for Nome,
a fruit and candy byslrve?f> and paying welt
Address bcx 174S. Call office. -.. : ¦; ; :.
JS^O — DRA YING burinpf s well established,
horses, wagons, everything complete;. v*20!}
caeh. balance ca easy payments. C. H., room
Z>, 38 -Geary St. ¦¦.-¦-. : -. : '¦'" "; .,'-. : ¦-.• ' ;
FOR sale— Good outside route on morning pa-
per: easy " terms. • Box 1735, Call office. : ...
FIRST-CLASS sloop vacht 32 feet long. W. H.
CAMPBELL. Sausalitp.: ;. ¦''¦;.[¦: .'¦.¦¦'". '¦=:.¦¦
LARGE ftcre to let on Market St.; lease for
gale: 22xKft. Box l?4.H."'Call. ¦¦ - :-' ..';::-:' ; :.;
FOR hale — The; Central. -Hotel In Xapa. con-
taining thirty rooms; central location; price
reasonable. Address \R. : CUFF, Napa. Cal. . ¦
FOR 5Ale or exchange^-Kar.iJsome cottage, fur-
nished; bam; Berkeley.: :B<ix 1708, Call office.
WANTED— Bakery or. 'bdke'rj- and coffee faloob;:
must be good location. Box 2?7?j Call olflce,:
$3C0— RESTAURANT; no night wwk; old stand.
.239 Eighth' Bt. ¦:."¦¦;.'...¦¦ . .' : ''-''-¦ '¦"¦ , : "-i" ¦
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from. GEO. '
. W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st, /
LODGl>G-IIOt*SES :Fpli 'SALE. . : .
26-ROOM corner. ...::;.'iK..... J l.v..;. :^..$17flO
Hotel and bar: "6 ; rooms.. .^i;'li .;»,.-....l;;. l.v>o
31 rooms on Market :$l. : only :.;";......:.¦.".. 900-
25 moms on Bvah; reiit $55.... .'..«.. ¦;.. $30
12 rooms on McAllister st.,^..'.;.'.'..i. .'.*.:. -4i0Q
: 16 rooms: fine corner; clears tlMl.v. ..:"i:.. 1900
16-room houss on" Turk st, -750.
10 rooms on Jor.es ex.;; clears $S5.';'.. ...,..'. 3$0.
10 rooms on Ma*on-st;-;. payments.. .::. -;.45O"
MONEY TO LOAN ON: AS"Y HOUSE. :
TELEPHONE MINT -75.6, .-•;"¦ .">¦-.-
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market el.; -Opp. Fifth;. .
S3S0—11 ROOMS, all rented, with big yard for
raising rabbits; low. -rent. ; BASILE, •?• Eddy.
$lR0i> — 56 r»->Arr:»; all rented: good location; near;
Market; <-ent.; rent low. BASILE, 3 Eddy it;
TO rent— i and 6 room flats, tarnished. : M. ;
GRIFFIN. 719 Market, room 1, hr. Call btdg^
A LIST of 129 iodjflriK-houses. forj"-«alei'" 4 ;it;.
GRIFFIN. 719 Mtrlret. room X. ;nr. Call blag.
A— ROOMING hou«e, heart city: clears $1(X) mo.;.
cause, death. CQWlN.Q & CO.. : 719 Market 'st;
CARRIAGES ASD WAGOSS. - ;;
ALL kinds of wagons.- bupgie*. carts, harness.:
*tc. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st. . ;
CAMP tva?:on: finest In California; good- "as
new; com $6C0; sell $300. 3279 Mission »t. •:¦ ".
NEW &. 2d-fcar.d wagons, buggies, carts &. har-
nets, wcrk i- drlvlne nor*"*. ISth A Valencia. .
SPIRITLALIS^
MME. FAL.WTSINY; the best card-reader. Just
arrived from the old country. For the present
at 1 Fifth et.. room;' ST. :. •'¦."; ... ; . .;¦ ¦ ..'¦
ATTEND Mrs. Durham's circle of trath: 2. g
p. m. 14 McAllister Bt, rm. 35; admission 10c.
EARLE. 230 Ellis e?: : seances Sun. and Wed.;
readings daily; will leave the city June 15. .
WYLLIE. the Lcs Angeles photo medium. 230
Ellis ft., 10 a. m. to.S-p. m., Sundays.: included."
MME. MARQUlin. 5 Hyde, Tiolds circle to^nTght
at S; 1(«; readings daily. 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. MARY EVANS' circle to-day, 2 and % p.
m., 10c; also Sat. eve. ;:read. dally. 142 Sixth.
AT. Friendship HaU. 33S McAllister; Mrs. Mey-
¦ er; convincing test to-night; 10c; sittings.
MRS J.J. WHITNEY, clatn-oyant. test, business
me<i:um. Ufe reader; slttlnp, $1. 1104 Market.
CLAIItVOYA.VrS. —
A-- -MR3/BR. CLARK- ZZ:
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK
et.. may be consulted on air affairs of life;
she will show you how to overcome your -ene;-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost.af-
feetions; unite the separated; satisfaction
gcarantecd by mail;' yend stamp for circular
with rpecial teKris. MRS. DR. CLARK, 2Qi
Turk et.. near Jones. . :. .-
MME.LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past, •
future; never falls; has the grseatest Eg>-ptla!n
secret: shows picture. future husband or wife;
fee 2r.c and ur>; satisfaction to everyboJy; open
Sunday*. 1167 Marlcet st,,. bet. 7th and Sth,.-.
"NOME!" "Norn*:**: "Nome!" Save y'oiir
money; consult -\V.atj<on, celebrated occult me-
dium; lucky and true; 25c;: 15S1 Market stv, :
near Twelfth. •¦ "•'¦'•¦..'': •.'.; -. ¦••;¦ ;. '•
READINGS daily, '""^a-rds and iiea leaves "; dates.,
facts, buglness advlcp.- 373 Polk st. ¦ ¦'¦; " ¦:
MME. ZERCDA of. 6 Seventhft,, original gypsy
life reader; readings, 25c;.-.m>.;sirn. .. ' ' .: '
MME. HANSON. • p^lmlrtr'y, ; 10c; Card reader";
past, present, future; 25c. 14S.Slxth ft-..' r. 14.
CARD reader and palmist removed .from 913
Mission st. to IS* Sixth. -room 8.' .:. tV -.-.>>- .
MMH. August, claln-ojant. card reoileripalmli-
try; truth or no pay; 2Sc & 6Qc. 1145. Mission.:
MISS MELVILLE, jcreat clairvoyant an.d water
reader; German spoken. S21>4M-isslon..op,Mlnt.'
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, bejst advice. : 823
Mission st.. near 4th. rm. 3; *5c up; ring bell,
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant.' card ¦ reader"
elttlnee' Aaily . '.,?12>4 Sixth. Bt.' : .' ' :".
MME. RAVEXXA .read* life, fluently :"" business
advire: nsmfs giyen;-25c up^;-. 5 Fourth. st»- •
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle t6 grave; .future, hus-
hs.r.q"n plpture; IFc: ladler. 914 O' Farreli.' st.
CAltPET DEA'flNO AX» «LllASIX<j; ¦
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work-
tend to SPAl'LDING'S Pieneer Carpet-Tieat-
ing Works. 2C3-357 Tehama ¦si.;;, tel. S. 40> *v ¦
SANITART Carpet' Cleaning- and Dyeing Co '
»42-»4 McAllister, st; phon»,-$outh . 148, : v ,
3. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th et.; tel. Mission 74; • •'¦..
CITY Pteam Carpet Beating Works. G; H..
STEVENS. mgr...3S-4P Sth st.; tet.- South' 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
ill Stevenson et.. tel. 8outh 228; lowest rates;
CARPiET BEATING ASP CLEaWg
CARPELS cleaned at 3e per j-ard; laid at 4i
STRATTON'S, i Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning: Co.^ 402 Sutter st
tel r Main 394- GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CON KLIN'S Carpet Beating Woirks.. 333 Golde
Onte.aVe.: telephone East- 126. .-.-. " " .
;: • "./-I CO1.LKCT1OX OFFICES.
SSoRGE^vTlCELLY'S ;¦ Agency— No charge ui
le?.s suecessfu!.. .'Room- 210,, 927 Market Et
': •:; i:O .¦cOTTjiiGES. ;^p' LET. ¦:'¦
COTTAGE of 3 large sun'n'y rooms; lar£e ymrt
•;-lI8 Ftllmore .^st;.; , •;>¦. '¦ .." .'..-' '' '
GROViS, - 720-^4 large'-'rooms' or .3; gas; ' batt
,; Barderr; yard;.su.nny;-;jgejtarata. -" '¦ """.'¦ .-,
VASSEJ1OT place,. 7, oft G<?ao% near .Larklh-
"•• Modern- cottage. 3 rooms and bath; rent $2(
TE-ater : .free. Apply L; ;C^. BAOIN. 413 "Kearn;
WELL-FX'RNlSH'ED'.juiinyi-.cottage, f rooms
• bath. ¦ pa-rden. ets"ble;-i>ut tn' perfect order. Aj
fb' 2.11< TTnlon >t.. 11. to '•• o'clock; ch«ip rem
; i^-' ; """/"!"^COTTA'GE» ; .;:"\VAXTEl).X.' "' ..
; WANTE&T-Cftttage, 'mioarrri. good ; : conditio
¦ ah-d : ideation, 6 -.or 7 roomsV. acrons bay; $10<:
;'- cash,. ;rcmalnvi*r : deferred .payments :jKlye lc
oatfofi :and price;.- Bax. ".4301. Cnll office, "
: : : ':-- .¦; i ---J- : = '..- .'.:de5*ists. ; :.'.
AT th^ ELECTRO-DENT A L CLINIC. $09 Mar
Vket js.fcj cor. 4th, : rm. 7. Flflod bldg., :yOu ca
' have your extractions dons painlessly: teet;
. without plates , our-, specialty; : : gold' crowns
$3 60 up: plates, extractlona free, $4 50 up; of
flee hours 8 a. m. : to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to
.p. m. q. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P., Managar
DR. GEORGE W- LEEK.\ 20 O'Farrell et. ex
: i tracts and fills '. teeth<; paiinlessiy by : his won
derfiil secret method: crowns, J*. hrldges, $4
rubber:: or flexible plates, ;: - $3 ;; received.. 8 flrs
• - : : prizes; : no students; .guaranteed 12. years.
F.ULL'i's;et of^^ teeth. $5; : gold ¦ crowns;. $3; net
'.methods In bridge work; --fillings, gold.. $1 up
: silver, XOc; painless extrajction. 50c; gas given
;;: New -York DenttU Parlors;. 969 Mission; cor.ttn
DR. LtJDLUil HILL;:J443 Mttrket. nr/'Eleveatl
¦'^-NO charge: for extracting: when plates an
-¦" made; old plates made over'- like new; teetl
' 'from; $S per set;; extracting, We; gas. given.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings. Sand Sun
¦{days'. ¦¦".lCOl Market st.;,' corner :Slxth>: . ;
PARIS; Dental Parlor, ,233 :Kearny. cor: ". Bush-
;. : :Full.set of teeth. $4:;;. crowns, :$3; fltllngs. 25c
SET of teeth without plate, . DRJ H. G, YOUNG
¦.. 1S41 Polk tt. .:¦(;•;•¦ ¦y.-.i;'--. : . ¦; ': ¦¦'' '¦ ' '
.';••; -- 1 "- -fit .-. DOG HOS1HTj%L$. :.''• ::
DR. CTtEELt'S C. P. do< sciap creates «
emooth. si Iky coat : for *ale by all druggist!
; ;. or at the hospital. 510 OdlJen Gate ave,
DR. BUZARD'S Doff Hospital. Post. Flllmore-
: Advice and medicine -Joe; ;elty visits $1 50; all
"ar.imals treated;- dogs -bearded, : Tel. West 63S.
DRESSJIAICEUS AXD -.SEAaiSTHESSES
MCDOWELL'S is the place to learn dressmak-
:: Ing and ladies' eve, class. 103 Post
MME. REMBERT, 63$. ; Sut£eT St.. dressmaking
¦ : school;: any i pattern cut, to measure. -. ¦ : -.
S. F. DreBsmaklng. Ladfe?' : - Tailoring? School;
¦FrescH tailoring system: taught; 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dfe.«?makirig.3S7 .'Geary st,:. dresses
made. $5 up; dresees made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
: Ing. pinking.. 12t: : Fost,' ; over O'Connor&Moffatt
; ;:; Eni3CATio\AL. ¦;:•";¦.;••
A— GALLAGHER-TaRR 'United Schools. '. Par-
:.rctt bur-ding-;: Gallagher, IS yearn official re-
¦ porter,; shorthSto^ department; Tart;.' expert
: accountant,, .bookkeeping, dep't; a school con-
: ; daetiKl by experts;; call -or. send for catalogue-.
HEAlil>'S Business College. -24 Post rtV'S. F.—
- .Practical Courses •• in • bookkeeping, short-
; ; hand.- typing, languaSeR,. telegraphy.. .English
branches, civil, -•/¦electrical 1 . and mining" 1 engin-
: , ».crfcniBrt' etc. ; nfe#' SO'pHge catalQgnefree.
ALL students but t« taking full course this
.year Sot positions. SAX .FRANCISCO EUS1-
: NESS COLI^EG-E, 1235 Market st. ,:-y: '
AYRES^, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
? ket «ti; life scholan=Kip.. $T>0: Includes ehort-
":'i hand, typing, bookkeepings pen art;dayAeve.
CALIFORNIA Bujrln^s College, 305 Lirkin %i. ;
: the tomlng fch<y>l; : ;ihorouKh: up-to-dr>te; .all
/'branches: DOsitJons Feciire.a for graduates. ,
ENGINEERING.: civilv e!*^, mlnlnst. merh. sur-
-vey, assey. cyanide, iirch. : day. eve,; «*-t. 1864.
;i VAN i/DER NAlLLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by trail: ac-
• knowledged by. official reporters "beet teacher,
/ best Fystem;";;M- G. gARRETT, 202 Montgmy.
s. f. Veterinary coLLEaE^Next session
¦ beg-ins June 11: cata : lorue upon application.
.-.M. L..:.PAN!&OJi.S.T,.^'efci?fcta.ry;al0 G6ia?n Gate.
PJANO lcf«infr gtven.by lady, $S month; use of
plane -.dally for; practice. . 216 Minna- ist. ;
PROF^'-^MERKI, jsnicceKsful teacher of mnji'lolln.
; '-violin; and" guitar.' " 100S Mission. . abftve Sixth.
LE ilETNE Art- ana <rraft» School:' modeling.
V. : desijrftlng, carving;: ftil branches. 424 Pine st.
.THE" bnly watchmaking school- on the.coast for
v ladles and ge.n.tl.*tn>ri:;O» Slnt, 30 Geary, r. 34.
ARITHMETIC. /bookkeepings Ernmmar,>rltlnf,
.¦:etc.::"-.<i.iy or ev*. ; ?f>.mo: .lQ2t ; >tlKs|'bn.-.' nr. 6th.
::/\';;"^;: : ipsiirLoV3mjs'T;;;oi< ; 'FicBs.'"; H~"
;¦ ployiirient.: Office furnishes best laborers and
. dbrhf stlc servants. ; 4 .Carlos place, off O'Far-
'¦ rell,i;feet:' Powrtl and Ma*on; tel; Black 4334.;
A— MOST reliable. Jaf>,ine«e and Chinese em-
•' ployment offjcie; . eftablifhed "over fiye years.
421 Pest st. ;-¦ wlep.hone Bush 133. .- '
.oriPHErM.Emplo>-m.ent Office— Japanese. Chl-
ineFe help. 426 Pcwell,. nf.-.Silttor; te.l.BIackaO72.
JAPANESE and Chinese.. Employment. Office;
best, help furn;-^' tel. .John 2121. SOi^i' Stockton.
CHINESE . and " Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farren st.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOV^l^lXT WANTED— KEllALn^
YOUNG woman- wishes -a place to keep honse
for. a. gentleman; ho objection to children.
Call-lfiT West Mifslbn-. st., corner Thirteenth.
WOMAN wlF.hesMo work- by the day in a laun-
i drj" is a good: Ironer, Address box ,4304, Call.
COMPETENT . girl desires ¦ -'poeitlon: general
• housework; wages $20. Call at 5C3 Bryant 6t.
COMPETENT girl- wishes houfework In -a
good: family. Box 4360. Call c-fflce.'- .
SCANDINAVIAN woman -iwishes to ' work by
; day or month.- Call : at 81 Natoma st, room 3.
AS housekeeper, by -v elderly: Eastern woman;
...understands cooking, washing and the care
'of children: city references given; wages |12
". to $15 month. Call 250 Tehama sti- :.
COMPETENT woman wlrhes position in pri-
vate family: can do French, American and
•German cooking; will assist in plain wash-
lng; city or country; references. 721 Buah st.
JAPANESE young lady wants -situation -to do
..housework and help. in kitchen; small family;
city, .Address N. M., 539. Stevenson st.
YOUNG married woman with 2 little girls aged
;i ariil 3 years wishes a. position to take «>n-
. tire charge of house during owner's absence;
: object, good home:; best of reference. 2111
¦ '.Fillmore st. .... : . ..¦"'¦" ¦ : . ¦
SITUATION as companion ; to sick lady or
' chamberwork. Address box 17S6. Call office.
GIRL- 16 years; speaks English. Italian. Span-
• ;liEh : ;. understands French; desires position as
¦ nuj-8> In private .family. 725 Sansome st.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
' home or housekeeper's, position. Call 116 Sixth
"Et., room S. " .:¦...-.;.- ¦ • .-::¦•
WINCHESTER House. 44 Th.rd st., near Mar-
. ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $160 night; $1 F,0 to $6
. week: convenient : and respectable: freo 'bus
and bacgafce to and .from ferry. •••• •• :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsemen « and
". Subscriptions hos been established ct 10S6 Va-
lencla ft. ¦ ¦- ¦ .: - - --. ¦ .
EJlPLOYMr,.Nir WAXTKU-— MALE.
COACJIMAN, single, thorough experience, and
.... mart about place; sober :• not afraid of work;
many years with eame' employer;; best refer-
enefs. Address LQ.UIS.- 869 Mission st.
PLAIN cook wants Bituation; city or country;
\ steady and sober: state wages. Box 4310. Call.
NQM.E7-Respons!ble';ybung man wishes to con-
. -tract' to represent' firm; this seaaon. Address
: box V43O7. Call OfilCe, " . . .;
SlTtJATION wanted as shipping. clerk by late
. aniiy quartermaster's clerk with : large ex-
perience; no vices;' beet 'references; start low
-salary. Address" b$x 1726. Call offlge.
SINGLE old man desires any employment- no
, soliciting. Boxl76S, Call office. .;..-
MAX" and wife, nieat ;couple. no family, : want
• places as Janitors, of hulldlnir or: to" care for
• •; gentleman's place. In absence of family. Box
:"" 17S.5. Call 6ffl.ee.. " ¦•..-. . . - .
COACHMAN . ; .wa.nt3 : :situatlon'"and understands
. gardening; best references. .Box '.1733, Call.
GQ6D Jobbing . blacksmith and' sh'.oer wishes a
. situation: reasonable wages. . Aiddress F a,
• M..-box It. Call office; -.¦-¦¦. " :
GARDENER experienced In commercial and
landscape gardening wishes to take chargt
• cf .«, large pMvate.plact, plantation, etc.; long
ye&re' reference*. :. Write to N.' GARTNER
. 953 ; FortIeth St.. Oakland. ¦- -. . '
ABRANCH office for. Call advertisements -and
eubscriptlcns has been established; at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt. • .-.•••..-• ' • ' ¦'..:
}. EXPERT OPTICIANS.
c GEORGE MA YERLE, German expert optician,
1071V4 Market st.— Examinations free; German
— eye .water by mail. 50c. Phone Mint 257. .
— . FLATS TO LET.
;n - _'¦_ •_ • . ',_-'_,- - --.-'¦ -
— A— NW. corner Sutter and Scott: finest fiat In
— city- for the price; Investigate; 6 large rooms
and. large glazed porch: appreciated if seen.
_"" A— 7-ROOM flat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern improvements. 417J4 Third st,
= ALL bright flats, i and 5 . rooms, - bath. 1042
and 1044 Sacramento *t.,. below -Mason. ; ¦
~T FXiAT — Modern lmprovenem.ts;' half, block from
u * Union Iron. Works.. .913 Illinois sf.. :
T FLAT of S rooms and bath;" with' or without
Etable - 1619 O'Farrell.; .": I- .' -.. ¦¦
~ GKARY, S13H— Modern".' (lat of .7:, rooms and
7* bath: rent tZ3: water free;. Apply L.- . C.
•' KAB1N, 413 Kearny.;gt. : "";-v .
~ HA1GHT, 623— Elegant.almost new iflat, 7 rooms
'• and bath:-.very reasonable- to g.teady tenants.
t* IF you want to move ret- print*diist;flats to let
= from BALDWIN ; & '" HO WELL". 10 Montgomery.
. METCALF pi., off Geary, bet. Maaon and Tay-
"^ lor— 4 rooms and bath". ; " • ..'="", . •
>n .. — i — ¦— — ¦— ¦— — i — .. ' — ¦¦ ¦' ..' —
0Q MISSION; 1513. near lith—«larg» sunny rooms;
o- bath; yard and .laundry: rent. $18.. : ¦" ¦ ¦ .¦
— NEW sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath. yard. bas«-
~ ment; modern imp. 1531. 1335 O'Farrell st.
„ PEARL, 27,' off Market^ nr. Valeiicia— Lower
r- and 'uyper- flats; rent jt8-anit $7'..; •..'!••- . '"
n SUNNY lower flat, 5 rooms', " bath 1 . • yard, base-
g " ment: rent reasonable. .432 Page, nr. Webster.
f- "~ '¦¦'¦ : ¦. I:;!. ¦ I' - . • '¦¦¦ •¦:¦ '; -:.,TT [ : : .; • .
! BUTTER, : .2607H— Upper flat; 4 room's: low rent.
— UPPER flat. < rooms and bath, .; 1120 B Turk
'" Bt., : :near Laaruna. .' y . ¦"¦ ' -..' .•;,': ' " ;.::¦
»; VALLEJO, 910V&— Upper.' flat, .«. rooms, bath;
it laundry ti garden; large cellar;" ciomplete. ;Key
_ ; at.No.-SOSyi.; rent $20. : .'.- :"..' ; -,:•.•¦¦¦ ¦:'¦¦:¦¦¦"
w WALLBR,- 312— Four: modern /rooms;, bath,': cel-
>; ; lar, and. ; yard. -.;¦ •¦¦.'.? ¦¦; ¦ ". ¦"-. ';=...' "•• : : .. ¦
i. $15^rLOVELY flat -of 4 large rooms and bath;
— nice view. 292 Third ave., cor. Clement «t.;
h Sutro; car.. -¦¦ ¦ ¦ . : •.= • :;¦¦::,¦¦ ; ¦.:•'•"
h $13— FLAT of 4 rooms. ' 125 Pa«re.: bet.' Oough
and; Octavia, 1% I blocks from. Marlcet. : .---
'¦* $16— FLAT. : :8 rooms and . bath/" 411 :L<irkin irt. : '
Z 2 FLATS of 4 rooms «ach: one $7 and other $3.
.. 39 Shipley. gt., between: Third and Fourth. "-¦
'' V.':: PCRxnrt;njE: foh§a!le. ' :
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4? 50. with No.
. 7 range. King -.Furniture po..- -1137-1131 'Market..
s PCUKITDltE WANTED.
¦• WANTED— Furniture of 3 or 4 rooms; must be-
T in good Condition and cheap. iHANSEN, 12S
- ' Eighth :«t. ..'¦ . •¦"¦ ". :-. . V-: ¦'/..'. ¦'¦ 'V ¦
: CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
) piano. 1135 Market; tt.; telephone Jessie 761,
— ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission *t.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
« W. E- CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
; furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. it«sd 3353.
; . HELP WAXTED— FEMALE. .
: cT^r^ANSEN "^"coTXTTTr.Phone GrantTsi
> . ....^:... ..".HOTEL DEPARTMENT./ /.:' . .
; 2 waitresses, Yellowstone Park. ; see party
" ..her?. 10 a. m. ; waitress. Vichy Springs.- $20;
' .-waitresses, 8 different resorts, $20; 16 wait-
; resses, Fresno.. Visalia, Marysvllle, Corning,
Madera, fare here; San Jose, Sonora, Selma,
. \Blg' Oaks; chambermaid., waitress, resort, $23;
pastrycook, sanitarium, city;. $35; chamber-
maid, city, $15: 3 chambermaids : to wait,, city.
• ,$20;; : 3 waitresses, city hotels, $J5.--:-- • . :.•¦:
; ::...."*. .,.^FAMILY DEFARTMENTh. ...........
Ranch £66k, $25 and fare paidi.nouseglrl, city,
$18," rid-'icookins:; 2: German ; girls, city . and
• country, $20; 5 German cooks, .city, ¦ $25;. ¦ 2
second girls, city and country.: and a number
of houseglrls for city and country;- '¦ " ; : .
-. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GERMAN. girl for delicacy store; $7. week. . C.
I , R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary *t,
WOMAN: cook for 12: to 14 people, s institution;
$35.: C.R. HANSEN & CO., .104 Geary st.
WOMAN cook on ranch; $23 ; and $30; during
harvest; fare here. C. R. HANSEN &. CO..
¦ 10-t Geary; st. :-- -¦¦;•; :. -\ ,-\: ¦.:;/: ¦]'¦': '¦
A COLORED cook. $25; colored maid. $20; same
house. MISS. CULLEN, 325 Sutler 'st,. './>.{ •
A— IRONER, . oity, $30; Ironer, Palo Alto. $30
and found; French cbok, -.$25; chambermaJd
and laundress, ; country, $20; 4 German cooks,
city, $30. and. $25; 10 waitresses, ¦.summer re-
sorts and commercial hotels. : $25; and $20;; 2
restaurant waitresses, $6 and' $7 per week;
.chambermaids to wait, $20 each; 4 waitresses/:
city hotels, $20 each; second girl, $25. MIS3
CULLEN; 325 Sutter jst. " : -; : ".;.-¦¦. : - ; : -
A— SECOND glM. Fruitvale, $25. see lady here
, at 10 a. m. toiday.MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
WANTED-iProtestant cook, short; distance, no
: wash, $30; German cook, plain wash, $30;
" cook. ; 15. ¦; boarders across the bay. $30; Prot-
"'estant second girl. .-$25;; seamstress and care
; grown children. $25; 3 waitresses;' resort, $23;
2 waitresses, restaurant, $6 a week:. Ironer for
laundry. = $30 and board: 2 waitresses, country
: : hotel. $25; waitress, private family, $25; '25
': piris, Reneral housework, city and country.
: $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. .316
••. Sutter e.t- ¦ .' :¦.-•; -.¦¦ ¦¦-..:''::¦ . ..." ' :
NEAT girl : for Keneral housework; family go
to Mill Valley 3 months. €15A Mafion . at.
GIRIj for : cooking and downstairs work; refer-!
ences; wages' $23. 2617 Laguna Bt. ..:•.:'¦ .
CUSTOM shirt operators; experienced; steady
work; SooJ ray. D. C. HEGER. 1344 Market,
GOOD cook and : general housework; 3 lxi i'fam-.
lly, wages $20. 1274 Ellla St.;: ..¦;.¦ v :;. .
: WANTED— A plrl tor general housework. : Ap-
. : ply at 9C5 Oak. -st.'-; .¦¦'¦:. .¦¦¦ - ; .;: : i[-:' : . -.;' ¦¦;• ¦¦
GIRL to do lisht housework and : take care of
baby. 1410 Octavia st. ¦¦:,' •'¦:¦'¦" ¦
SWEDISH or Norwegrlan girl for general house-
work for Rosa station. Apply at 2712 Folsom
: rt. between 9 and 12.: ¦'¦¦¦¦[:':¦ ' ;
WANTED— Waitress in restaurant at 34SH
Third st. •"••.-' ": '• ¦¦- .: :¦
BRIGHT j-oung lady : to keep double entry;
state salary and former employment Box
.4309. Call office. : : j
GERMAN girl wanted for second work and ]
care of growing children. . BOWHAY. 516
. : Sutter Bt. . - ;
WANTED— Waitress. Fashion Restaurant, 12S
O'Farrell st. ¦ ¦- . . .'¦ . ,' :'-,. ;:.- : : ¦"
GOOD cook; German or Scandinavian; small
¦ family j good Trages; call 9 to 2." 53S Sutter St.
COMPETENT girl. for second work. 340 Page
I -' Bt;, cof. Buchanan; " . ;¦ .
WANTED— Good, strong, reliable girl (colored
= preferred) for cooking and housework. Apply
116 Liberty st. . ¦ '¦ ; . . " " ¦ . ¦
A OIIlL for general housework: small family.
Call 22 Second st. for particulars.
GIRL for llcht housework; wages $10. 879
".-. Bartlett Bt. ¦ . •-. ¦ .
WANTED— Young girl for light housework;
small family. 2020 Eroderick st t '
YOUNG woman to do housework for widower
and three children; wages $12. .807 Filbert st.
GIRL to aKslo.t In housework In Alameda.
Apply 12 Oak st. ; city.
GIRLS. GIRLS.. QIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS * CO.'S overalls.-
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32H Fremont.
LADIES to fill positions; country; managers
; through Calif.; ref. required. 2421 Fillmore.
WANTED— Lady talloress for general tailoring;
steady work. 715 Valencia st. -
NEAT girl; general housework, plain cocking,
assist with children: $20. Call 233 Third ave.,
Richmond District: take Sutter or Geary cars.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St.. bet. 13th and 14th sts.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis St. .. ¦¦".¦ ¦• :.•:-¦
FIRST-CLASS cutter for silk waists: capable
• of taking entire charge of manufacturing de-
' partment. Apply MRS. MILLER. 122& Market.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. SVi Antonio at.,:
bet. Ellis and O'Farre'.l st. off Jone3.
FEW young ladies to Join night school: low
rates. Ayres' Business College. .723 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of lice. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions: has been established at 1096 Va-.
lencla «t. - - '. ' ¦¦ .-." '; •
HEIP ;^^
WANTED— Butler;- private" family; J40r rood
refereneea.. J. F. : CROSETT Agency, 62S Sac-
ramento St. :'¦' -.-. ¦"'."•'. ' ':'¦¦¦ ¦¦,
REKTAUIiANT cook and wife as.pMtry. $SOr
cook, countrj', $3S. $30; hotel bakisr. $45, city;.
porter for saloon, $8. week" and board; waiters*
.•$25, country; waiters. $1D. $9, $7 week, $35
• month: kitchen help, $20. month: other hotel:
. and restaurant hejpo.wanted: ¦ J/F." CROSETT -
Apency. C2S Sacramento st. .;-.•¦' : :
20^FARMERS. $2fi and $30, $1 53. $1 50 and $2
¦ day; fruit farmer and wifc». $50; 8 milkers, $30
v an.l $35; '2 drivers for milk wagons." ?50 and $30
and board; woods and mill men,'$2C to $40; la-
borers, .u 75 day; teamsters. *60- and- $2 day,
. and many: others. • J. F. CROSETT. : Asency,
<>2S. Sacramento st." , . ¦; . -.' ¦.-¦.-.-.. .
BAND eawyer,$3p arid board; boy to run picket
machine. $13 and 'board; 2. edger men. $2 75
day and, $45 mouth: trimmer. $50; miners,
$2 50 day, free fare; blacksmith, country shop,
S3 'lay; blacksmith helpers; machinist, city.
"and ipountry. and other mechanics. j. w.
CROSICTT Acenriy..62S Sacra rn«n*« «t..-
HELP WANTED-UALB.
4-MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 5543
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
............WANT 7 A: M. TO-DAY
Help for all partB of California, Utah, Wash-
""Ston. • Arizona and -Hawaiian Islands and
Oregon, 5450 MEN
• FREE- FARE and office fee $1 and no other
expenses to Los. Angeles &nd Santa Barbara
districts, we ship you to-day, 9 a. m. and 5:20
p. m.. for the S. P.: R. R.. laborers and team-
eters. $2..<jay, FREE FARF ' .....
. ..haymaking: anr harvest "crews..
• Header, wagon drivers, $2 day and found;
• zs» merito mn mower's, rak.es, pitch and work
i n ."«j ds . header men, etc., $1 25, $1 60. $3 day
. *"<* '°<i?d, COME AND SEE
DENS Vi^'EYARDS, ORCHARDS. OAR-
IL st £l? !ern «"' ' city and 'country" Jobs," '$40.' $35.
?30, -.525 and found ....... '.- —
!"r?i$aey«rd and orchard hands. $35. $30, $2«
and found; 5 gardeners, 2 coachmen. 1 stable-
J nan - a 'j, fcr private families, $30. $25. $20 and
..: found. COME. SEE.-J... . ..*.....
.Men ana wives.. .>..".'.i.'$5o I 'and" j«6 and found
;;'"'\^ A1R1Kfe ' CHEESE *'AC1OR1K3
•:'«;, m J lk f rs to r different places. $35. $30 and
¦found;. 5 butter makers and run separators,
.toss here »Si and found; 5 cheesemakers. dlf-
..ferent job.^$J5 and $40 and found
........AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
. ...w.... TO 85 SAWMILLS. ETC..
•'««¦ •'•• J<0 EXPERIENCE WANTED ,....
¦>vrr, n l! a i°, r 6t> d ' ff *rent Jobs, from laborers to
™<rr,t maeh J n *"' «"«Ke.s . from $:« to $4.0 per
month and found . . ..
:"*'*° 'amber, pliers. " bark" pee'leYs',' "$4*0 'and
•™« ' ?r0S!i0Ut « awve «. Jackscre.wcrs. band
ipawyers, serety turners, gang edgermen. in
I?S»£5? w »ht help of every description for
BawrnHls. woods, etc.; $90, $75, $90, $120. $60.
•¦•JS-'i'i ' *^°. an d faund; DS4 woodchoppers, tle-
m .S 1 ?' t6ols and f ood found, some at mines,
M' , M u 60> * 2> J1 M - W"'*-»d 750 *>rd
,10 laborers to build flume. $30 to $40 and fd
'^•••- MECHANICAL HELP
• V? c «on engineer; .$4 day
n . ? smlths and horseshoers, $2 50 day, J60,
.?•o.ijJo, $25 and found: also 5 helpers. $12
week, $35 and found; 5 woodworkers, carrlage-
" makers, " S3. $2 60. day, $40 and found: circular
;sawyer. $60 and found; 2 bollermakers. $3 60
£f y : : . carriage: painter, stripe and letter, fare
,60c,. $10 week and found
screw tender, $52 and/ound; 3 carriage palnt-
. : ers ...;¦;.. ?.»......-¦ . '. .,
..;.s.^p, r, r.-different"divisions....
¦FREE. FARE ..."...OFFICE FEE $1
r e . c £f° l r - *nd reconstruction and NEW WORK
: LABORERS, j YOU'LL. . SUIT. REGULAR
" SPECIAL ' NOTicE*.":'MINES ." .' '. BIG ' WAGES
;3Sjaborers for mines, no experience required,
.YOU'LL SUIT. $40 to $48 per month and
.'?Vn4^29 miners, single hand $90 and $75
.....CROWDS GOING TO GOLD MINES
•••••- :.. ! SPECIAL
8 , milk wagon drivers, $30, $25 and found;
. planer hand, fawrnlli co., $50 and found
.. m....... FOR. A. NEW MINE
12 laborers, no experience, fare, $2 50, $S4 and
: found; 6 men and wives for ranches, $40, $35,
¦ ; $30 and found. ••: - ¦ ¦ ? ¦
; ..MEN, YOUNG MEN OR STRONG BOYS..
36 wanted to pull rhubarb, pick peas, pick
fruits, : hoe between vines, make yourselves
otherwise useful, $17 50 and $20 per month and
.; found ..i
: : man for wine cellar,; country. $25 and "found
........... ... READ THESE CAREFULLY
. 865 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco, $3,
$2 60. " $2, $1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
home .'
Wanted for a new railroad.. Free Fare
teamsters $2 a day
rockmen .....v..., i .....i $2 a day
laborers $2 a day
Fre^ Fare ....:. Free Fare
: MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clayj;t.
A-COOKb.. ....... BAKERS WAITERS
¦ 8 bakers, city and country shops $40 ard $50
39 cooks, restaurants, hotels and boarulng-
houses. ranches, etc. ...... .$35 to J50 and 'round
¦waiters, city and country hotels and resorts..
$2.". J.TO an 1 $35 and found
-washer, country laundry, $30 and found; bar-
ber; tQ: run country shop.
Porters, elevator boy?, etc.; 4 baker's helpers,
$30, $35; $25 and found. MURRAY & READY,
: 63tyj>rid 636 Clay st.
ERRAND boj- for this office. MURRAY &
¦: READY. 634-626 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
: :i00 teamsters, rockmen and laborers for the
"Coast: Road. $2 a day; free fare .;..
30 four-horse teamsters, via Los Angeles and
; Santa -Barbara divisions, $2 25 a day; free
." : fare :i'. ;.;..:":.....-
" 20 ..laborers for S. P. Company work. $2 a
¦ day; free fare -iy-i .:«;..;.>•
' to section hands for different divisions on S.
' P. Company, $1 70 a day: free fare
: C carpenters for: railroad work, $3 a day; free
¦Hi fore ;»....... »,.....;>, :
: 50 •; woodsmen, spool tender*. 145: swampers,
\$40T lookout men, $33 r" crosscut sawyers, $35;
yardmen, $35: 30 laborers for mill and woods,
¦ : $30; see boss here...:--
¦ :IO laborers to build new railroad In- the
woods, $26 and board: see boss here
:: Machinist, country sawmill, $60 and found.
. : ::.see boss here: fireman for mine, $2 a day; 20
: ¦•: quarrymen. $2 and -$2 2S a day; 2 men to
• : ; spider, up leaks in cans In a cannery, see
i bo.fB here: chorcman to milk and make but-
• ter,. private place, country, <45; 6 milkers,
$25 and $30. ¦....-
::lA........ HOTEL DEPARTMENT.......
hotel, cleric, country. $50 to $75;
barkeeper. Rummer resort, $10; chef, $100; sec-
Vondcook, $10C; : night cook. French, $S0* cook,
small ¦ gentlemen's c!Ub."*$50; foreman, bread
baker, country :shop, $50 to $60; baker and
pastry . cook, sprlnirs, $50; waiters, cooks,
broilers," dishwashers, potwashers, kitchen
"help, bell and elevator boys, city and eaun-
;•; try. C. R^ HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary fit.
A— 2 NURSES for country Institution, $30,
I room, board arid washing; see doctor at our
office this morning, C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
.-;104 Gear)- st. ¦"-¦ .::\-'.- : ' ¦ " "
-ASSISTANT clerk for this office; quick pen-
: man. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 3 car men : for mine, no experience.
:: ,$2 day; 4 single miners." $2 30 day. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay et.
WANTED— 3 farmers, stock ranch, Alameda,
$26. W. D, EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED- 40 woodsmen, $35, $40 and $45 and
board, fare paid, see bpss here. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 Clar.st. ., ¦
MAN end wife; mining town, $30. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. .."¦¦ . _^
GARDENER, country, $25. see party here to-
day. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NOTICE to Journeymen painters and paper-
¦" hangers— Notice is hereby given to Journej'-
men painters and paperhangers to give the
¦ •- city of Bakersfleld a wide berth for the pres-
ent, as she has already a greater number
than can be employed. L. O. STEVENSON.
1 Secretary Local Union No. 29, Bakersfleld. Cal.
BARBERS' 'Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
BARBER for Saturday; wages $3. 83 Third st.
¦WANTED — Barber for Saturday and Sunday;
steady. C23 Union st:. near Powell.
BARBER wanted at 209 Larkln st.
/BARBERS wanted— 2 good barbers at 797 Mls-
slon st.; wages. . .
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 63S Va-
lencia st. .-"'•¦ • •
BARBER wanted. Saturday. 657 Clay st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
164S Mission st. ¦
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
375 Fifth st. .
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
wages $5. 415V4 Powell st. •
2 BARBERS wanted; steady. 11 Sixth st.
GOOD barber wanted Saturday and Sunday;
• wages $4 50. 623 Clay st.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper; give reference, age,
experience and wages expected. Box 4303, Call.
APPRENTICES wanted to learn barber trade
" at their own price. Box 1747. Call office.
WANTED— Flrst-clasR traveling salesman, $10;
salary and good commission; expenses paid.
Address box 4302, Call office.
1 GOOD finisher and 1 helper In wagon factory.
. 630 Broadway. .. ¦
WANTED— Five carriage painters. Apply B.
GRAVE. 421 Pacific s^
BOY for printing office: give references and
wages expected. Box 4308, Call office, i
"WANTED — Boy. to carry a morning paper.
Box 1721. C.i'tl Office. .
YOUNG man wanted; In tlnshop: age 16. Apply
bet. .7 and 9 o'clock,: 533 Mission st.
WANTED-^Boy In plumbinir-shcp: one with ex-
s perlenee. Call bet. 7 and 7:30, 623 Davis st.
SECOND cook wanted. Parka Hotel, 26 Turk
street. ... ¦¦¦ ¦ "-
PRACTICAL tailor wanted; come ready for
" -work. 220 McAllister st. , ;
BOY. wanted In a grocery store. Apply at 3119
¦ Sixteenth' st. -. .-.•,;¦ .. ¦ -
BOOTBLACK wanted at 1333 Market St., corner
of "Tenth. ; 0 : '•;'.'[ :¦•-"¦
WANTED^A steady and sober day- cook at
' 125-Seventh St.; hours 7 a. m. to 7 p. m.- .
WAITER wanted. . Hotel Repeller, 731 Sutter
,.: street. . "¦ '; ;;-'
WANTED- Immediately: 2 plasterers. Apply
• J. A- McOOWN, 911 Taylor ave., Alameda.
WAKTED^-Dishwasher who knows about short
: order cooking. : Apply 211 Grant ave.
WASTED- Good cook nt " 1S05 Halght st.
BARBERS— Shop; good country town; no Sun-
day wrk; bargain. Deckelman Bros., 106 Ellis.
3-CHAIR 15c barber shop: a bargain; principal
street; San Jose. Box 4305. Call office.
WANTED— Boys with good voices to sing In
-vaudeville. Address A. C. box 1794. Call.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
I S FIRST-CLASS starch work lroners, men or
women; good wages; steady work. UNION
LAUNDRY, ISth and O sts., Sacramento. Cal.
I FOR sale— A 15c barber shcD: north, side of
Market; at sacrifice. 104 Seventh Bt.
RESPECTABLE young man with some knowl-
: edge of barkeeplng for downtown saloon;
one .living with parents preferred. Address
box ITS*. Call office.
WANTED— Blacksmith. Apply to J. O'SHEA,
; 17th and Vermont sts.
BARBERS— Good-raying shop In nearby town;
a bargain. DEOKELMAN BROS.. 100 Ellis.
FIRST-CLASS -eoatrr.aker wanted. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market *t.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
: Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 85 years; r.nt Uss than 5 feet
4 inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch tn height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recrultlns
Office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. CaL. or
530 K St., Sacramento, Cal.
MEN wanttd to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special inducements this season: only
'Institution in the world teaching this trade;
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free.. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. CC2 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SOLICITOR and collector for Industrial insur-
ance; 12-1, 5-6. r. 6, 405 Montgomery st.
GOOD gardener for country place; wages $25.
MRS. CATTELL. 525 Eighth St.. Oakland.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and M sts.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
156 Ellis st. : .
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
. runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 23c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn bartering and hairdresslng at S.
F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 113 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL. lawyer:~16
/ years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 23c night: reading room; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth ajid Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night ; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES. LIVE: STOCK. ECUS f'or Sale
THE sixth lot of the 200 horses from the Canty
ranch Just In; from $!0 up; 6 blacks, S
browns and 2 whites in the lot. 2170 Market
et. ; Castro-st. cars pass the door.
40 HORSES for rale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
J27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN tc DOTLE. Auctioneers.
HORSES— Young, well-brohen. for all purposes.
cheap; best In city. 721 Howard st., nr. Third.
TWO horses, strong delivery wagon, pole,
shafts and cover; cheap; object. Cape Nome.
i:;24 Golden Gate ave.
FIFTEEN head of horses for sale cheap at 3CS
Taylor st.
FOR rale — 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. !W, OoHen Gate ave.
nOlSKS TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1S16. near Van Ness— Sunny 7-
- room house.
CEDAR ave., 115, north of Geary, bet. Polk and
: Van Ness — House Of S rooms and bath.
HOUSE 9 rooms, freshly painted and papered;
sunny side; rent cheap. 63 Minna st.
IN Ben Lomond: new furnished cottage of 6
rooms; hot water, beautiful grounds, etc.
; Apply to MRS. WM. WHITNEY. Vine st..
Berkeley.
nOUSES TO LET — FU11XISHED.
CALIFORNIA, 1711. near Van Ness ave.— 10-
.;¦ room house, completely furnished.
; ¦ LOST A.\D FOt'XD.
LOST — May 29. downtown, small plain open-
faced gold watch, with Arabic numerals: no
'initials; finder rewarded. 819 Eddy St., S. F.
LOST — In tank at Sutro baths, plain wedding
ring. Return to 569 Bryant «t. ; liberal reward.
LOST— Sunday last on. "Ocean boulevard, be-
tween Cliff and Ingleside, Conp:o wood can*;
buckhorn handle, silver mounted. Reward by
: returning to owner. 213-220 Montgomery st.
LOST at th» Presidio, gold bracelet, with a
heart set with diamond attached. Return to
\ 3371 Twenty-third St., and receive reward.
LOST— A parrot, on the 31st. Return, to 321
. Turk st.; $3 reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbemla Savings
. and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of LAVINIA E. DEAN. No. 207-156.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A passbook with* the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of ANTHONY MURRAY. No. 1S3-1032.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Bank book on the Hlbemla Bank. In the
name of MRS. ANN McDANIEL. Finder will
return same to the Hlbemla Bank and receive
reward.
FOUND— Purse on Sixth and Folsom sts., con-
taining money: owner can have same by call-
ing at 21S Harriet St., near Harrison.
MASTIFF dog found. Apply at 1433 Mission st.
?1EHI£^:
T>RS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' phy-
sician, formerly 401 Van Ness, returned from
Eurup* with advanced knowledge; safe and
reliable cure iZ; have treated thousands of
cases with success; 15 years' practice In 8. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1007H Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELli, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; «afe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can ba used at
he me; consultation free. Writs or call at
1023H Market et.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yr*.
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office. $3; any ailment; consultation free; ccn-
flflentlal. 942 Post »t.. bet. Hyde and Lurkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Cuaran-
teed treatment at office. $5; consultation free
and confidential. 1122 Market st., bet. Mason
and Taylor; office hours 9 to 5, Sundays 10-4.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market; ladles" spe-
clallat; treatment at office, IS; consultation
free: hours 10 to 8. Phcne Jeisle 257.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Markot; ladles'
phyi-lclan; chronic diseases treated; lat*
scientific methods: treatment. $5.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China: dis-
eases Of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium, 704. f-acramenttf.cor.Kearny.advice fre».
NICE reliable home for confinement: reasona-
ble. 2012 Folsom St.. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
Y. S.— DR. "WISE & CO., the ladles' specialist*.
1118 Market st.: every case guaranteed: $5 up.
MRS. SCHWARTINO, midwife; private hom»
In confinement for ladles. 510 Eddy st. ,
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private horn*
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body, us Ma«on -it:
BIISCELLAXEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, :-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 218 Spear St. - ¦ , ¦
BARS, - back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new, and second hand; w« always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
S2 complete cutflts en our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. " J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 1C21. 1C23 Mission St.. abova
Sixth; write for catalogue.
WHISKY for family or medicinal use: 4 Mil
<juart bottles, eipecssage prepaid. $3 20: noth-
" lnr on case to indicate contents; twice th«
price couM buy no better; mall orders solio-
* lted. F. EPHRAIM & CO., IS Montgomery.
PEDIGREED Great Dane puppies for sale.
¦ OfHce 171 Fourth st. --
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
- *10O: concert records. 12 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market st.. San Francisco.
A-U 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Pflce Hatter*. J30 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
2ICD-I1AND Dow duplex steam pump: 8-ln.
steam. 6-in. water. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission.
A FINE <«uit. J10; dress pants. $3 75. -MISFIT
CLOTH INO PARLORS. 437 Montgomery it.
FULL line cameras And photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
; "WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for 12 50.
I Portland Lean Office. 25 Stockton st. .
I .IIISCniLAXEOCS FOR SAL.U.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand: nioTtn*
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
CASH registers of every description for sala
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. ,9th and iota.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers: iathes: M-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model:
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 403 California.
XETV and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1332 Market st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and bnrs-
lar proof safe. T.6 California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 lire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES— New and second hand; ail sizes. THI3
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market ?t.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air co,mpre«<ior: S locomotive.*. 22fl Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
WANTED — Seconii-har.il revolving barber
chair; cheap. D. V.. box 100. Cloverdale. Cal.
WANTED— £e.cnn<l-h*nrt nnrizht piano for
ca<h. H. L. WHTTHH^AT) 1T11 M.»r'<et at.
UOKEY TO L.OA!?.
HEIRS to unsettled estates in probate can r»-
celv* ca.«h at once: also first or second mort-
gage loans en real estate. furniture and
pianos; no removal: prompt dealing: no
charge unless loan Is rranted. EQUITABLQ
LOAN CO.. room 6Q». Examiner building.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages: confidential: advlca fre«. G. E-
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at • per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business el**-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. t-
HltiHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Marktfl
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
NOTICE— Pledges of the Mint Loan Office.. 14]
Fifth St., are transferred to W. J. Hesthsd.
10 Sixth Bt., where the business will be coa-
tlnued. T. LUBELSKL .
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and oa
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount)
lowest rates. BECKER A CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HE3THAL, 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidentl&l.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 13» Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
ON furniture and pianos without removal ; quick
service: money direct; lowest interest. Room*
68 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market it.
LOANS made on furniture, at 1H per cent; also
loans to salaried people. HARSHBARGEB.
322 Ellis St.. room 3*.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchnge. 431 Calif.
TO salaried people; without security: all busl-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on noto without
lndorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 118 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you needs
more money see H. MUItPHY, 630 Market st.
TO salaried men without collateral or indorser.
8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
19 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
31LS1CAL QtrntOMEXTS.
PIANOS! PIANOS! PIANOS! -~~~~^
$43. »S3. J100. $133.
1165; upright: easy payments.
Symphonion music boxes from, $14
to $100. and everythinK In the musle line-.
_. S. F. MUSIC CO.. 22S Sutter St.
PACKARD PIANOS— Beat the world.
Packard organs— are the best.
See and hear them when you're ready.
Bring your cash: we'll do the rest.
MAUVAIS'. 763 Marlcet st.
OLYMPIA self-plavlng music boxes are tho
latest and best; any style sold on Installment*
if you haven't the ca«h to spare. Z. MAU-
VAI3' Music Store. 783 Market st. ¦
DECKER & SON nlanos, established in 1838.
are as reliable In tone, action and durability
as any piano can be made. Sola agency.
MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
AS we represent the best make of pianos la
every - grade, from Stelnway down to low.
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are. easier than those of other dealers,
w are the, people* from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos, it cash. $4 per
month: other pianos t3, $t and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Stein way Dealers,
cor. Kearay and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
AN exceptional ofTar— Fischer. $S0; Arlon. $103;
Cable. $163; Estey. $130; finest condition wax-
ranted; easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ <&
SON. 16 O'Farrell St.; Chlckering. Steck.
Vose, Sterlinz. Curtaz pianos.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houss
west Of Chicago is KOKLEB & CHASE' 3.
16. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : planes, organs and
•11 other musical Instruments of all grade*
and prices; terms easy; prices Iowe3t; •very-
thing Dcsslble done to plea3S and satisfy ta-»
customer.
LATEST style cabinet grand uprljrht: must b«
sold Immediately: only u?ed a few months;
bottom price $133. Room 12. Flood building.
BARGAINS— A few ri^nos will be sold this
i week for storage ; offers wanted (cash or In—
• bailments). Wllscn'9 Storage Co., 1710 Mrkt.
FINK Krell upricht riano at a great bargain.
! STRATHAM. 106 McAllister st.
j REDUCTION salo: netv pianos. Si payments;
for rent. $2 Hp. RRCKNN. 20S Post st.
WANTED— 10 pquare pianos, six organs, for
country schools. BYRON MAUZY. 303 Post.
1150 CASH will purchase* a nne upright; call
at once. 1C21 Van N«s ave.. room 7.
A STEINWAY. $1CO: installments $3. $5. $7. $10;
rents $2 up. HEINE'S. 136 Ellin st.
EOIIMEr. & CO.. Byron Mauzy Piano* 303 to
312 Pest ft.
GOOD Fischer: great bargain. SCHMITZ, 18
McAllister st. next Hibern'.a T.ank.
W. O. BADGER. 4i: Sacramento St.. a*ent for
Francis Kacnn and Hallett & Da via pianos.
SUPERIOR Tlolirs zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
IB pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FALMlSTItY.
VMS. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain Colleen o£
Palmistry; reads 1 to 8. tit Geary, nr. Jjnea.
H JEROME FOSPELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor St.. b-t. Perry .fc Post: phone Mark r,*1.
1
I'EttSOXALS.
MM^rADATures nervous prostration, nsomnla.
blindness. Bright' s disease and rupture when,
all others fail: see this wonderful, gifted
healer; she will cure you. 1343 Howard, nr. ictn.
O. D MORSE, photographer. 26CC Pacific ave.,
between Pierce and Scott; phone Stelner 3331.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St.. near Market: 10O rooms;
ZSc-tn-USO Der night; $150 to $« per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 SO MISSES' klrt shoes for 50c a pair at TUB
BEE HIVE SHOE CO.. 717 Market, nr. Third.
AN eletrant suit for *1C IS from imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMO3. 1U7 Market st.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
| ¦ .
IF vou wish full value for your cast-ofT clothins
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third; teL Black 4123..
LADIES" and cents' castoft clothing bought an<»
fccld. Silverman. IS4 Folsom: tel Folsom 1131.
FULL-DRES3 tad other suits bought; al.-o old
gold. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; ten
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 3C7 Jessie st.
ACAUEMY for the NEW SCIENCE OF HEAI~
ING: all diseases are curable; WITHOUT?
DRUGS. WITHOUT OPERATIONS: consulta-
tlon free. DR. WM. SCHMITT. 527 Post st.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser. ~~
wants it distinctly understood
that he does not charge extra
fcr the very latest and newe3t
styles of hairdresslng, in fact,
he has but one price. 23 cents.
Call and prove It. 123 Stockton st.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and business ad-
- vice. - &~0 Market St.. second floor, room 57.
DETECTIVE— Honorable; confidential; secret*
= Inviolate. Addresa box 490. Call office
HAIR quickly curled or waved by usins Tal-
eott's Curling Fluid; 25c bottle; druggists.
CAST-OFF clothlne. el.i gold and silver bought;
tend postal. COLF.MAN'3. r,r$ Kenmy st.
PUVStClAXS AND SfBCEOXS.
D Sv,S-«- p'PONNiLL-Offkrand residency"
KZU, Market Bt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
F m^s 'jam
C nR°OO C p. D TN C^rptrr a ,r n^'gS^ 5 -
' PHOTOCnAPIUC SUPPLIES. ~^::¦;• ? .."*; ;¦ .~? !'tia^«^t^^ii:R'?cpn4i;-. i ;:¦:: ¦ : ; ;
¦; Th^wiii' .^ibe :-i&fa:;CSjjjirle«| Bf^St tmfef"
: forj ;j^rqI}aLte '
ye$terday; : l P^e«Se.nt'-bequ:eatfted ; .Ji!s :eif" ;
tlrp estateV'-wWferjjisival.UeJS ai : JJOOveoq^'.tq ;
Ivia- *-i<iavi'.X Jjf>g§ir -SW-liStohf.-."-. :? 'VVffrjer:/' Ji,. ;
WO^'y 'iits-. Stbtt$*S[-Brp.t|jer» yi-aa -app.ofii.tr
ied^aeclSV'actn>'it>|3U:Mpr-f £ :^th'e; estate' yW
¦^lft/jfjiV; "•:•-•. LV-.'-s-' Si.-'v-J -r'..?: v-'-. : :'i li1^;.'- 1 '
:-.Th;e- wfl1". (rt!.;Apri Srieppard : , •-«? ho .^ied i re^
.^etitii: :ieav.ing' an; r lie&tatiB'; '^iufid -iati;-. 431;CK>J,
;*«B««ft&; filed" fq.r-Tifa^aitei'! JJw|«€Q3t «.oeK
.^ireatHedi^her'iprprjer.ty: Jn *qu4l..sliai:es Itp:
¦lier .%ta^jdchilurf.n>L:ov''eill ; v EraBk ; 'B.-.''ft : nd.
; iiarrain^:; [Alexa^iert JiangattnJt%/ '?: ->i"
FfNANClALy STATEMENT: T
&! OF MARKET-STREET ROAD
Filed: With Supervisors — Standing
¦ Fare Order and Valley Road .
.;¦ V Franchise Laid Over. .
At the meeting of the Supervisors' street
committee yesterday the Market-street
Railway Company submitted a financial
statement for 1S99 In answer to five que
ries. The consideration of the Maguire
2*i cent star.dlntr fare ordinance was post
poned one week.- when representatives
of the road will be present to answer fur
ther questions on. Its financial condition.
The statement follows:
:' . REVENUE.
PasseDgers .J3.6;6.!><;2 13
Pcstal in.419 76
Miscellaneous earnincs'. 36.745 12
Total ...... $3, 674, 127 01
EXPENSES.
Pay rolls ; J1.4C6.S2: 33
Fuel ....; ¦-. 23S.037 23
Cables ;v.- 1K.943 75
Miscellaneous supplies, etc ' ?S.537 33
Insurance ., 62,50)00
Taxes and licenses <will b« J30.000
higher for '1900) 1S4.039 41
Renewal account 4S.0OO GO
Loss and depreciation 203. 6." 0 00
Sinking funds (bonds) S 4.000 00
Interest On bonds 673.3S6 59
Total .,:........... $3.1TS.CC« 76
Dividends paid 446.S0S 00
Total ..."• 53.624.S14 76
Excess earnings over expenses 43,312 25
.Earnings .. ...^.,i..............J3.674.U7 01
: It Is very doubtful it original cost of roads
can be determined; - as ¦ many have been In
operation frpm thlrty.-flve to forty years. The
present values is alsdvery difficult to determine,
being. Influenced largely by municipal legisla-
; 1» imtdt: : : ;¦ '.: : .' ¦.;;,-
Franchise' V^.-...;;.v. : ."-ii^i:.i-« ~.V-.-tl©.«47.-569
Pflrs6na;l ¦¦pJroperty'.w.i.-, . ! ..^.;>. >.»... i-,.-./. 3.7i"t-.-.^
Real •estate ... : .^..,>.:.;.:«...i... ...... -.:;:.. l;433;7Stf
; ':•;. Tt>tai : U2 :+:;& W '*]£•>•"• •>>'•» rr.y- * ! ?>. SO^2U
Cap'iai- BtoSk authorfz^dV//.'.. : i...y.\:;:i.;>$ii.750;000;
Capital -stGclv ijeti tan ding; . . ,;.;'. ". '. . : . is,(-.i;.;!.;,
Bonded ih<l>l>tedEte3S ;;..:;.;. •.--..;. ..;;..i I2;074;ftW
E'butvjdfvid'anda'ERl^-In' lSWAZttrvgnt-.r; ; • =.-;. v
¦'.ins: ; ;.V:^ &.:+*& * ,;¦:. -:i-::>. : -..".446;S££S
: kFlQaUnp^tlf bt; only fBUr.rent liabljUie^-.- ,>.>;
¦¦ / >Th'eV-'pferiUoH-''.<^if '*^)&^S?l?\:3FWitl^^Sb JtinO."
Saai Ridir.©id - 16$ * frari^Wse .to
•.bpwrifit'p .>¦;• steSanriiKwtflHsorj 1
also 'defefrfidl.-'Jlte" e«mmlttee;;:'aet v 0rni)a;-.
¦ rrffid: 1 iy i tfte : t $Lli:&f; -^ill : Vtsit 5 tp<i ;atstrifct
jB-miesfton torday-tir ascerialii ;tts,!Tiee'd'3
fdr tfie Sfitir. ; lJn<!: ;¦ A;pir<5fe§t'.8gaJnsegTait>t
: £rt'g-.th.«:.;c*anb-rtr^e! jviaarrecplyfed 'from; Ellep:
XK ; :0-<:or(ii^iKa^3':piace(f jon;:aw .;: v; •.:.¦:'¦; ,
HOTEL ABKIVALS,
PALACE HOTEL. . *
Capt E A Graves;: Eng
C A Duniway, Stanfril
K r Babcock. Ber'.tf ley
G Williams & w,.(>akld
C Jaybert & w, Paris
H Edwardi & w. Enz
A .'Sta!ey, Stanford
F- S Peakes & w. Mau
Miss G Sheldon. X Y
AM ChafTey, Ontario
Mrs A. J Wells. Seattle
J W Catty & w. I^imln
R S Hopkins. Seattle
J W P Booth. Chicago
W G Blatt. Detroit '
D W Hewitt. NY
A L Lcvirtsky. Stock tn
J Wamenbriglit. N Y.
W B Huge & w. Chicgp
W G Gleeson. Mls 3
II J Babcock. N Y
C H Clarke, Seattle
A J Smith, USA
H Frank. New York
I Stern. Rochester
W Gibson & vr,- Canada
Mrs C R Craig. Ls Ang
W W Lovett Ls Anc
J *¦ >icnols. Detroit :
E S Willtamp. Phlla
H T Gaze. £acto
W A Pinkerton, Chicgo
6 C Mead. Kentucky
E Jayne, Phila .
Miss W Durham. Phlla
Miss A Durham. Phlla
A M FTPano, Chicago
H K Sailers, Stanford
W H Flelrlhouse. Ill
Mrs M O Z:er. Sn Jose
SIis« A Zier. Saa Jose
W H Wood. San Jose
G Gregory. N Y ¦
G L Xeis. Pa .
C K Brown. Sir Gaelic
R R^senthal. N Y
W Agro & w. N Y »
Mrs R Kreuger. X J
Miss Kreu;er, X J
Mrs A L Pearse. Lndn
R P Crosa. Stanford
P A McKean i w. Cal
W H Green & w. Napa
J H rhlmann. ChicaKo
P J Beresford. Omaha
H E Erllcb. X Y
GRAND HOTEL
H R White. Stanford
H P Curtin. Helena
W II Lumpen. S Rn?a
T Cunningham. Oakld
R H l>ana, Cal
F A ('orbusler. Stanfd
J E White. Stanford
B Van Blarcum & w,
St Louis
t, H Draper. Iowa
MIjs K M Hurff. tlia
L F TW.tchell. Denver
Mirs E Twitchpll. Den
G Twitchell. Denver
S J F-re. Cal
S J Ken-ldge. Sonoma.
C A Witmore. Cal
F C Edmiston. Ohio
J H Bather. Sacto
II B Copland, Denver
Mrs H Moorhead. N T
R I Moorhead Jr. N Y
R G Henderson. Cal
NEW WEST
W Jones, San Jose
T J Qulgley. Truckee
G H Barlow. MarysvUe
G H Walker. Pulsun
A C Brentner. Los Ang
Mrs Prescott. Sacto
V Smith. Bisbee .
W O Hollls, Havana
C, H Stewart, L An?
J H Roberta. Sacto
Mr James, vr &. dau.
Sacramento
H L Wertheimer. Cal
G S Loopse. Chicaso
T T Crittenden. Oal
Mrs R M Sparks. Cal
Mrs H C Sparks. Cal
8 N ilambo. Cal
W H i:eed. Cleveland
T O Fak<»r. San Jose
O W Crystal. VacavllI
II P Slice. Red Bluff
A R Carter. P Jose
R O Rankln. Boston
J Hood & w, ti Itosa
W D Garter. Garienr
J E Holme?. Stanford
J Lenxen. Pan Jose
\Y I>jlan. Sacto
J S»aill«<. Sacto •
T H Sharpe. N T
:rx hotel.
E Krebiel, Los Anj
J C Harris. Haywards
II Morgan. Fresno
M Christenson, Modsto
P F" I^ewls. Stockton
J M A\'atson. Tacoma
R D Roenier. Uklah
J. Dan'els. Dl.xon
A Cincinnati firm Is working on an or
der received from London for 500,000 Brit
ish flags. ' . : ., • '
COURT NOTES.
Theodore Kytka, the handwriting ex
pert, was the only witness in the McGlade
forgery trial yesterday. He identified
various signatures of the defendant and
pointed out the difference tn the char
acteristics manifested in his handwriting
and that of Clerk T. B. McGinnis.
The hearing of the petitions of George
I. Ives and Jennie S. Drady for letters of
administration upon the estate of the late
Emma F. Jennings was continued before
Judge Coffey yesterday. To-day the
court will decide whether Ives, who is
named as the sole devisee in decedent's
will, or Mrs. Drady, who is contesting the
same, are entitled to letters, or whether
an uninterested party should be appointed.
The argument in the Fresno rate case
was concluded by Frank II. Short late
yesterday afternoon and the case was sub
mitted to Judge Bahrs for decision.
Lura L. Kel^ey filed suit yesterday
against Joseph and Anne-tte Maristany to
recover" J.lu.O 1 "") damages for malicious per
secution-. Plaintiff alleges, that on May
17 last the defendants unlawfully caused
her arrest on a charge of embezzlement,
which charge she says was subsequently
dismissed on motion of the prosecution.
MORE WATER SYSTEMS
OFFERED TO THE CITY
Spring Valley Water Company De
: ! nies Authority of Supervisors
;"•¦';• : to Acquire the Utility.-
General George B. Tolm.in. chief en
gineer of the Eel River and Hussian River
"iVater Works, has made an offer to tha
Supervisors to divert the waters of Eel
River by a canal cany Ing 100,000,000 gal
lons daily and furnish the necessary pipe
line to supply this city at present not less
than 50,000,000 gallons daily for 51S.SO0.O0O.
: The watershed above the point where
this plan proposes a diversion of the wa
ter embraces about 3G0 square miles. A
tunnel would be constructed between the
south fork of the Eel River and the head
waters of the Russian River. At a point
-on Russian River about 800 feet above
the level of the sea a canal would be
taken along the mountain ranges until it
reached "The Needles." At this point an
Inclined shaft would be sunk to a depth
of 450 .feet and thence by tunnel crossing
the bay of San Francisco, and then by
pipo the I water- would be brought to a
point 300 feet above the city's base.
. Another offer pf 50,000,000 gallons per
day for $20,000,000 is made by E. G. Wheel
er and associates, whe will furnish all
materials and perform all the labor nec
essary to fulfill the requirement. The sys
tem would draw '- its water from the
jCoyiote Reservoir, south of Calaveras
..Ridge. ' ¦"¦'¦'¦ -¦ ::¦¦'. I"
• "Xhe-Marysville and -Nevada Power and
'.'Water Company offers to sell 10.000 inches
¦of: water: under 300- foot pressure on the
North Yuba River.: The company also
furnishes an abstract of its title with
• the. opinion of -W..H.' Carlin and Niles
Searls on their rights., .- '; •
¦ The -Spring Valley Water Company has
¦ sent a communication to the board in
whlcft It IS contended that that body has
not authority to negotiate mTr any power
to select any particular system of works
to submit to the choice of the electors.
nor jurisdiction to. .designate an amount
;to be expended in ' the: acquisition of the
:water utility. The letter continues:
I '.:'.' Yb'ur honorable 'board has no power
: t6 submit to an election any proposition
for the acquisition of water Worlis. Until
the board, by proceedings in conformity
:wlth the charter, : dbt'alns such power the
solicitation and consideration of offers are
; premature; and . unauthorized."
The Board of 1 Education adopted reso
lutions at yesterday's/meeting dismissing
E. C. Kilpatrick, principal of the Business
Evening School, from his position. in the
department. . The board, after careful in
vestigation, . found that the charges
against Kiipatrick had been fully sus
tained and its action-was approved by Su
perintendent Webster. Kllpatrick's dis
missal will take effect to-day. The resolu
tions under which, he was dismissed are as
follows^ ¦ _ '. ': ¦ i '¦'¦. ~A
: Whereas. Certain charges have been duly
preferred before tfclai board by "Walter S. Brann,
complainant, against £. CL Kilpatrick. respond
ent, and a public hearing and thorough inves
tigation was had on May 3. 4, 9 15 and .6,
I'JOO. before this: board upon said charges, both
complainant and" respondent being present ,;and
represented- by counsel, and evidence having
been introduced by both parties, argument be
ing made by the respective counsel. Be It .
i Resolved, That for evident unntness . lor
teachinar, proved to the full satisfaction of this
board at said bearing, the said E. C. Kil
patrick be and he Is hereby dismissed from the
School Department of the city and county of
Sin Francisco, such dismissal to take effect
June. l.vlUOO.- _ ' :' '¦ ..,¦¦¦
\ Early in the afternoon Kilpatrick, ac
companied by his attorney, applied to
Judge Seawell for a writ of review to be
directed to the School Board and calling
for the record of the trial that the legal
ity, of. the same might be pasesd upon by
the court. ; Judge Seawell, however, re
fused to issue the .writ, but later in the
day one was issued and made returnable
before Judge Murasky June 8. In the
meantime the Board of Education is re
strained from proceeding to execute its
judgment. •-.'•¦ . ¦' ' ¦
JHe Secures a Writ of Keview Eeturn
'i.--able Before Judge Murasky, Who
' ' Enjoins Board fromExe
;-.-¦:¦•¦ - "cutinj*. Judgment.
School Board Finds Charges
V Against Him Have Been
1 - •-
KILPATRICK IS
DISMISSED FROM
PRINCIPAL SHIP
Auditor Wells expressed his determina
tion yesterday to set aside sufficient funds
on his books for the payment of salaries
of the employes in the City Hall. He
will also reserve $125,000 for the purchase
of St. Mary's Park, which he has been
directed to do by.. a recent resolution of
the Board of Supervisors. Certain other
contracts made previous to June 1 will
also be provided -for, such as those for
light arid water.
"The salaries of men In the municipal
employ," said the Auditor, "are legal ob
ligations which the city is bound to settle,
I will therefore take proper precautions
to see that they are paid. This, of course,
applies only to those who are employed
by the month. Most of the day laborers
may have to go without their pay."
The Janitors in the City Hall were put
on half-pay yesterday. They will work
every other day and so receive only $26
at the end of the month. They complain
that this .is an injustice and that they
should have been given a vacation of two
weeks without pay and their contention
appears to be correct-
City Treasurer Brooks is in a quandary
regarding the order of the Supervisors to
preserve intact the St. Mary's Park fund.
He says that there is no such fund in
his vaults, but that it Is part of the gen
eral fund. Yesterdav there was exactly
1447,000 to the credit of the latter. Against
it there is now being drawn the salaries
for May and the fund will be considerably
depleted when all are paid. If the Audi
tor reserves the park fund and June sal
aries there will be little or nothing left
for other demands and as there will be
no. money available somebody will go
short. The treasurer also raises the point
that there is about $400,000 yet to be col
lected on delinquent taxes. Of thi3 about
$300,000 will revert to the general fund
after it is collected. He argues that St.
Mary's Park fund in any event will be
entitled only to a pro rata of the amount
actually collected in taxes. All other de
mands, he says, will be in a similar po
sition, as it is an absolute certainty that
at least $2Q0.CH» will remain uncollected for
some time to come.
'Treasurkr Brooks Fearful That Money
in Treasury Will Soon Be Ex
• hausted on Account of Un
¦: collected Taxes.
Auditjpr Wells, Will Also
Set Aside Fund for St
; Mary's Park. ;
CITY OFFICIALS
WILL GET THEIR
JUNE SALARIES
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,- FRIDAY, JUNE 1, 1900.
CAPITALIST STONE'S
: WILL- HAS BEEN FILED
13
•¦ BRIr^lSi^f" IS*» tor thetrearmcntof Hrtval*
i* «lk«Hi*««p«, tqjtt Miohnol.- J>ebflHy or
! <SSs^e^ d ' s ' t> ' u<^ v '* | arinsoiibo<iyatrtmltr(laijil
:1 iSJ^KSttis ssti{n 'Ptwaiev'rhe doctor cnreiiyh^ii
: •rVSffiSJJM-M&p.riifaft. -..Trjr him. ¦ Cnar?e»JoTr
N5S35t«s3 «'urr« K n»rant^l. :Cal'tOrw'rt:«,
- »r,*.l\ t. 1JB«1O>, U»x J'JiT.San Fra&cUca
Week I Snn- j I fun- I W«»k
Days- [days. ( Destination.] days. I D*y»-
7:30 ami 8:00 sra Xovrato. 10:40 amt J:40 km
3:30 pm 9:S0 am Petaluma. i:06 pm 10:i> am
t;U pm} 5:00 pm Santa R^sa. 7:35 pmi »:J9 pm
Fulton.
7:38 am Windsor. 19 :» am
Healdshurt-
• Lytton.
• "'. ¦. Oeyaervllle.
J:JO pia 8:C0 am CloTCT^iale. } 7:*S pra C:3P pns
7-SOamt I Hspland \ ; W:J3 ara
j }:30 pmj t:CO am! tnd UkUh. 1 1:2S pa 1:20 pm
. ;:>aaj • I • : ¦;¦¦'- .-¦'¦:-' 10:25 am
;- : .- ... 8:00 «m' GueraeTill*- 7:33 pa» ....
S.r30 pm .'r-- ..•;);<¦¦ .¦;'; !¦''• y ¦¦ A <:20 pra J
TSoiaii l:Warn! : So^onia. •: I »:!5 asj g:«5am
:.'.;v JJ-^ -|'-- : <--:!' : :'.«a4: .¦:'!: --:' : r; •.: '- : i -V .
-¦ Sriqpmf 5:(H> prh; Glen 'Ellen. I «:<g pm «:«> pm
TJMfcn! SiSOamV . .¦• i -.-' :•¦¦• Jll>;4« am' : 10:53 am
3:30 pm j 5:jff gnt| . geSastppot. | ; 7 pm.; C:3O pm
' :: St«es tronoect: at Santa Rosa' f»r JTart 'WesV
Frrlncs an* . W^lte Salphur : Sprtnj»:.at Tune* j
for Altrnrta: at; I.rtton for Wtton gprtn-es: at ' ¦
OeyserviU* for S-.rtr.ss: at Glorer4*l» :
for th« "¦' Oej-ssri : at . H.-^piand -tor thjncaa
S?r'.nic>i. Iliehlind ;^r>rin.rs«; :K>l»*y*lHe. : Carls-
tiSd ¦Sprift>s> 'SosS* Bar.' : I^Jcepprt and Barttett
¦ gp-ir^ri! at L'kiah -'for- 'Wc^'y ' Sprts** ,.- Saratof »
Sertr.ft-s. Clue; taKes. iAnrsl . t^ll ."Lake. Wftter; .
: PDJing?'. fitper . l-ake.: Ponio, . Po«eT .- Valtey.
• Satin' Dajr's^ Rivemt-lei; *MfTl*s? a.' ¦:¦ BncltaeU'a.
Fann-^rin -. .neigbif.i. :HuHv»J>.; .Orfs -V Hot
.Sprtn>*. ii Men^in.5l:City.-Fr^. Brass.": We?t- .-
¦ r"rt- : l>a^ Willis.- "'Lajtonvttte.- -Cuminir.v '
¦B*ir*^S'p.riiEs.;lJI;^^;P!set>*i.;;.Djp«r. .vScctl* - :
and.^urekatj •: ¦ .x~ .-.-, :- : . .v- • i;-'-.-i'. •-"¦.'. ».-¦' • '- : .-": : *
:,ip%ttiraay= t» Voridiscnrcnlnd:: tttp tickets- :.•*"•••-
; r^inc.ed: r^te*? N. ; '.•¦.-.-¦•¦ ¦-.'. i --'-:C : -".v.': ; -...: -. -.-" M.- .:'¦'
- VOn: •Sehdnf- pour. J -tftp • Rclteta . ts all points
bry'o'd(<S £in.-F,«.f* tl- st *alt fates,-- -.-.' -¦' V ' : "" .-V .
- Tirket -of. *.<¦«; COf:Mir.k*tst. : Chrpn!et# bid*.
¦HV'.^^jnT.lN'O.^J'^r;::':.. 'R- X:. RYAN.- • '.:• : ;- .
: .:'=• CSea'erat .Staha«-er. : --' '.-• ?':¦¦ ¦ C«a., Pass. -Ageat. ¦ ¦:¦¦¦
iOLT/: VaCI'TET AND: ilOITST TAMAtPAia
¦¦; SCEyrC\ HAlLiWAT^Carnmendng:; '.-. ganday.
. iAjitlV. 22.'; lMOv.'Tia'' Sa-usalltai':. Ferry. :¦¦ Weelc
:^ ; 'dajrs^i>»V«' Sai>- Ffanri^ci), »:3fta.;.in., .1:1*
>Pi.m^'.- Suaday*^l>av» san Fr»n;lscoS ».ra..
.-.* a," m..- 1* a. zn., n - i_ m;. liffli ifK" m;.-.*:»
: '-pi- B» •;¦¦ WeanMday,- Jt*y 3* ¦ *P«jC0ratlonf day >.
: tfaltswiJJ run on . Sunday Utne. : Tickets c*a
': be 'WJrch^s** : at •-th* >=aUsant>:Ferry. : ncrtJ*
. ! .*n4 -of. tSe Uflici* F*rii pesot.-Jfoot of Mar-
•viet »t>; Ban Fxaactaco. Fare. ro«;n4 trl» trom
; I ::Baa.. Fraoclse»-ri-40,:r'- : ':'¦¦•'¦: •.--¦•.'..•'¦ :¦>..¦¦••.•..¦.-
; RAILEOAD TRAVEL.
.:. ; : ; .;:... Via SausoHto Ferry. f : . ;.;,
'¦/•:'¦ -Ov-:^ Commencing April" 25; 1900. ''".'¦ ¦ '.
:FROMS AN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAIO«ET
¦;i.:" :'i'-. •¦¦ -A NO SAN 'RAFAEL; -. -.'^?.'- : •' ..,'
".:-' WEJEK :.:pAYS-7:pO, .•S^.30. : '9:30. ¦ U.:(»: a. nLf
. IU& • # l-*5. 3:i;. :: 4:15. *5:i3j «:15, : «r49 p, m, :
¦:.:; EXTKAo TRIPS— t%jr Mul • Val>y and Saa
;R*f.aej.: oft- Mondays. %\> <ih.e<v3»ys, ' Saturdays
• -«LTid . Su:tid»y3. ¦ at S:0O and lV:3Sp. uii : ¦ -. .
*? StiNpAYS— 7:tSSr: •?:»>; •»:»%; -1Q :00. .. II :«>. U:J»
¦•;|,\ ra-r lig43.. : ;n.:?P.- i:J5, : ,*f:«.;; B:^ ¦ ; M0i) 7:20 :
•i; ; '^lt ;6o- aljiru. •¦'.d6« : noi. 'roii t& Sjtn : JEUf a«l .;gua- ;•
¦^lays-. ------ Ji --- ¦ •¦ •" * - - ' ¦¦¦^" ¦ ;¦ -*'- '- *- '-•:¦"- i .'.-'.- ¦ ..
.¦:-:.XT»ln»hrnaTkea'(»> riin--io:$an Quent'rt. ' -.-¦ • : :v
¦FRO\t SAS RAFAEt:TQ:$AN; rRANCISCO.
.•.•:^-EKK; '•.pAtSVSiSS,-. -;*-6:30.. 7:30. : - !.:4.0..:riOi;U a,
:-ni : :J-lJ^9. !^15r ?:^;. : !"3;3?;/.<v30.-5.:S0.p: ; in,:;,; ,-...:;
: -r<«.i£RJ£ii!.'XRIPS • ••Qn^:;Mond«Ti.-?s. :^diMi*imi
¦•irid"Situr4ay* «*6r43 *titt.iO;W: p»> m;:- -.;. •• .-
:••: SVSDAiS-^S:!?. 't-M 'U:a«.nti15;»:
J-nV;;;i:Q0-'i2;'li^ *i|30y ,;4:?Q.;-S:«S.:«:<i- ' «:*».;i«:2O ;
; /f"T'rai'ns''B5a : r5t.ea'rf*>..start : trom- Sail ftuentiiu : - ';¦
•¦FROM ; SIJIA ¦yAI < L-ET. : .tO:-SAN T FRANOI3CO.
•¦^•ftfcK: =i)A'TS^}?i •*:«-.• 8;W... S:». »10 jO-a,.
: .'tti.i...ij'.S5.j;l:45.-:-2^2.:- : *:i»- : - 4;So,;SM0)p. -ral ¦::-.; :
-is iJXTRA'-TRirS. QH-: Mnri.lnyr. • . Wedaefdays
-and: Sa^r4ay» at iJ3- and. JOilS: p,:- n>- .-.-¦_¦ • '¦•
' i i:2^-.m^J:^.^^'.«:^y:^' 1 £ 3^Pv«t •¦ ; f\
iv;'7^:aJm;.ye«fe':dAy^C;a*^der:a»qaF .wjjy : st4- '
:|-.-.S?t/-p4-to-" .6aW^a>*-^Ci«iiiseiB» ,>^aj wijf'-js;**-:;
¦ pi/ iai^'w^kiayi" ' *?itar&yr.;^jt<t»{i4)tJ.'!
• -*oi$tt iReyei «n^*aT:»Ui;lxm«,- : ./;..• i< TV. 1 ; ;.;•"
.:. :g;^rk;:;;tn.;:$u^*ys-T^z4den»yaodi war. tU'>
¦ '••i : .:ut; : t5.' fei:' ; Jtn*1 Sandir«r->i^priff-R*ye<i : attd ¦'.-. -irsjr
¦ : j*«*f"liZ^!— lj_-i.'! ' ''i ; ' ''"'¦''"' ¦'¦'•''" ' : -"'-' ¦ -^ ; ' :; " •"•¦ r - : '
L«re ! In Effect. I Arr!T»
San FranctscoL (Apr. 13. 1900.1 San rrandsoa.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN ST. CO.
SAN FHAHGISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tituron Ferry. Foot of Market St
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
TTEXK DATS—::*). 9:C0. II :M *. tn.: 1!:O.
J-30 5-19. «:30 p. in. Thursdays— Extrs> trip
at lt:2i> D. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
ar.il 11:30 B. Cl. ..«.•«
SUNDAYS— S:0O. 9:9?. U:C0 a. m.: 1:30. 1:30.
BAN RAFAEL TO PAN' FHAXCISCO.
WEEK DAY3— «:10. T:iO. 9:20. 11:10 ». m. : 11:45.
3 HO. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at
1:55 *n<S «33 D. m. '''JZ'r'Z'lm
BUNDAT_3-S:13. **0. U:I0 a. m.; 1:40. »:49.
Btt'weea Baa Francisco and Schuetzen PiA
same schednls as aboTe.
It HA.?- ESTATE CITV— FOB: SALS.
EEXjXjCTED list of choice lots Ini Riehmand,
weU lc>caTM. all street work. done and. v*ry
cl^ear-: situated Wiw^ii-two (Treat parks, the
• Presidio on the .-ntfrth. and. Golden CJate Park
on tlie south: ea^y d ftr-e*ss;:by : the «lectrl«
' cars ; Eleventh ave:. *•?«• elde. ¦ bef^'esn -Eoiht-
Jy-b-is »-.-*>. Ati&. demerit st.-;. two! lots' • 25ati^9;
I7T« earh. . • •--•.' •..¦• '•:• -¦.'..-" i'v' •
Tenth av.e.. we*f Fide. lOO-feet' soutlr- frprn
Ciem«>nt: S lot*.- C5*I5O; .51*00.-' ¦':•; '.-.:. .."-.: :.':.' *'•.
Tenth ave., *s«t #Me..a.-rew- step*: north frpra -
Clement, two i6ts.\£:>sl20'i t'ISCO:- . ; ¦'¦• ¦'•= :.'¦ '
Terth ave.. wffV fide; -between- :Pplat Lobes-
*ve. and A -«t.. thri>e;.lcts»':-23jn3.. „ "-•..
J700 esrh: Just -.for wKatrJtjs-y were *ac-rt^aRed
frr voar? sF-i;-,gn}-<jn« Ir*?lc3np lot » r.frf Bijld-
Ins "site . thould'Ko'aTid. «?xa*riine the««« jtej*i-yj 1 .
¦•¦;¦ ' > . *'•¦.. '. \V.-.-Ji l»l*NNi
"'¦ ...;¦ ;'.•.'.:.' :;•• : ; ¦Kg.Callfernla^st^':
If you have rrcj>er?y ".- ' north - : <*".th« • .p'*:rfe;.-.or •;
Hcretri AdJ'.ricn unfl ibe; M : i.ssU>nv:tr.at y<^4'
»inf to <JSsi<oa=e -b.f.- the-n ' .-call', on & YTV.' . J--
Gl/XX. t30 -ft:";' ;: ; : :'-. ... ;:; ... ;;:';..-•
MODERN- 'houses*. 'ftnd.- CitH-i-jWOt -at'.' le.wtst'
¦.prices: plans and-«'*tjma't«#'ltirTiished-..fpr -«J1-
biMMing work,'' <fAy.3 i Ii-gtiU';'lj«7".M1ss l .p'n^t. ;
IXCAL. ES^ATE-ft*ttVTlil>^Kor:!!i»U .'
FOR. sale— CK- *cre>-- ifehcici'-.'laipd <m .Mtl : 5ar^::
hedrin. Like-'iCo.': very -tihe'aj^v' Ijest ! sttuated
for a WMMtter - r»f crtV ' .E^.jc' £^15. : '.7airofC.gg. : :'
FOR £&•«— Raie :.fcirjr«ijj-;'-.$*K -jose-^resldijiCfi
Address g.; C :SPKRO:;:Care 'Can.- .Sj-F.;?. v,
rooms Kurt; JuoL;isEivEEPiV(c;::; •
BUCHANAN. 6^5; cct. ; FeU-Wsunny furnished
bay -..wirrfi-rw': •kitchen;, r as : stove ;. $12. - : A :: :'¦
CUSH. 633— Oae ¦iir«r.e : ."-iijtfurhS5he4.' ; room- "for
fcoustkecr>jng; jr*s afid bath. ;".:' ' ¦¦¦':'¦¦' :<,'- : \ '¦ •¦
CLA Y. tta,- scar • Fi:i=3OTe^-2.-l»rr5 uafurnl»hed
. roccis; yard; water; reat; rent $r. ; .-'; ' .. :; /"-'
EDDV. ?i"i-Nlce iaree .f urtlkhea front rppfes ;
«j.eap; light housekeeping; -.cas., .-batn;i, : q'ulet.-
EDDT. 917 — Nice, tnnny ccnnectlne rooms;' luir- .
rlstied; no chfldrten;-. prtiy^-.reslderice. : .-. V-. "il
£L:l:S. 2S3— Two stoiM : san=y. : 3r«rnished r> Bouse*
• keev'-^S rocsis.in.fear;..$S-.. : '•.- . : ...- ;; ; '•.;•¦.¦ "¦'¦:¦ '¦
. rOLSOM. 534 — LBii-«e;'rur:r;y.- bsjt-w'toda^-iJo&mV
k:t^hcn; clcyiE.; ¦jaaTh'e-veQttilpg -priTij.'M 25/
GnvpiyN .'¦•<» ATt : .>v*^'-^^ujsay;--/-JujhiH£*4''- 1
bay-wind** jrqdiraV r,ir{ibie1Jp,r.ni«slc..u:a-cb«r;
¦ unfyj-K'.shed rocia .cHeap:/. ¦ ; -¦ " , r. ¦¦.'./ '•¦ •-,. .;/: : . ; .-
IiO"VVARD. fOt-H. nr. Fourth— Sunny :furn;ished
lark and. BtBatljjotfftsJ jfelr hoijsek.t?et)!nir.;.:i : : .:-;
IJOTVARI>/; : $7i;,
F-j^te with eve-ry.'ecnvJTfiitnce fOr housekeeping..
: - :: * 1 ' > -^ : ' d *^ : :;>'.'; : .: y-:-: ••: . ¦•¦.¦ ;-.";¦: y : :-'-.-
.K>''V.">'UD,- J6C6-^A-* i= *ie -roo.ra ;.*or light fcousfi-
,"¦ k»~^rinf ¦; ...cheap.- ;¦.'¦-¦•¦ j -r- =.y ; ,'.;' ).|l:ljr>j -:¦
.JONES. SO; comer Gre<r;wich~2 large isUnny
' ff?r.t.xooiTis: .large- yArdf.tirO A'.month:.;:;;-.;. '..¦'¦.;;
•LARGE frcat bay-win?ow;reorn, suKabl* flight.:
housekeeping: • rect cheispi ' :122 . *f Intii-; it. ¦%¦¦ '.".. ...
- JCATOMA. tJi. ; :nejLT. FcurthU-;::frc>n'f faraished-
hcusekeeptr.j;.rocaiE: •wa-ter.'-.eink. closet. '. ::;.
NOE, 151, tn»ir . Market-r-? sun-cy ' bay--»rJiii3ow : .
rccrr.*: inofiera Cat; ctj'rcp'.ete for housekesp-'
MARKET. liSS. near BttJ»tliM.;«O»iail^i**»ra»irt;
cor.sect.'.ng, l.-fj-Qntr-TaJge^ yater; r'-v%t6.;:.Xl$-
OAK, !U— Fj^f>- robms;:-f|iinny front: furn<«hed :
tnc hous{Jve<"r.i rig ; • ¦ f S. : . <Sy «Jd t» -.yach;--. : : ¦ :.- ' '¦ -x
riNH. I27S— -l*i*rer- part 'jet ¦ rear house;: : * : '"Ca«
la.-gp sTir.r.y. rr>5rr:s and bath; runnisg .water :13:
rooms;. rest.. .$*- •;:¦:•¦¦: • .V.v- i- •- .: •*•''?¦'*¦•.;?¦:•''-¦!
rO^'ELL. S"llV-I>stribie' unfurclrtied UiilrliPn:
er.l larse eancy rra.;. .neiRhborh^pd; nrc*:; S?- :
rn^'ULL; .l<6].-TtArse: : ?tipht irtlom-'J-- *!¦*/? house*
: . keeping -and- *iijgie' ';ro6rji:Si'-e**^ an<J: tathi- •:
f mi rARIC, l?lr-; *ujjsjr.!roi«a'9i '.. nicety. tur--
..- itrshed tpt ,hm!*°keer>tnt;:^.;; '¦:] '¦ -.-.: ¦:.[ .'.- - : I'-:--.'
fcT. JAMK'S. '-tjor.. MeAllister' and Lwruna^-Fee
per *e.:«-ct.*p«rtmerjt.; house : for ..•¦". JaTnllles:
r.atifJj'Srr.ely furnished, tutyay front suite. $16*'.
. -t.-rfle large vreoin.'-: $f; ; . ; iiiodeni ; fltUtipr :.for;
' ¦: 'j-fght hpntAi^Bliig.' .¦':'.?;V-.'' ..!'' ';¦•'.'.':.'..•:•; : :'; : -i :
FTPVn^ON:v*«T.'.bfU'--'Sth >rta trh^-Twfltvrer.r.
tOTO«»d :.rirtu«eYC?ftrilng roprn*;;. bithi-.-ofntra.! 1 .--
. TFlaAMA. €2— -iCr 3 .r^oiris, . turftlsheS;; 'BtfttlouV
'.'"¦/I gxy} tirbs ; ¦'tjpr>t.'yea»on.j.He. ¦- ¦"¦'. . ¦~'-. : '¦¦':':'¦' .~i\-;.-- Y :
... TENTH:: ;-O;-l M*r'MarJ^t^-§ur^iy- : kltcfceri:'and
¦¦. hpfiffpas £-i1o:r. < .T*:S' r :..ca!ri}i!ete for\ housekSfp.*:
:.-. ¦ -' -Jits, &•?;'¦ ¦•.•/¦';' '--;g-: : '^:. ; -- ; . : - ¦': ¦ '--¦ ' : '':> :r :. ::^ ; :
I EliAN"CIi;"pf2c« :.rcr : Ca!l a.aTe«ts*;ment*' And'
'. : eutisrripti'!iin>:*ras ¦ t*ea^estiblisbed -it.lWB: Vs.-;
'.;•:. i?n.ct» *£:'.-¦;/..:¦:'£:.'. -:.:';';:.' :. ; ;v : - '-V-'? '';¦•-:-.": '^. v '•.;':.r
'-. :c*I-A:SFlKiKP; Ed-re rt}seai«T}t«'*nd >ufeicrlptions;
.'¦ .'•• rK-f-ivr.qVat.Ca.-jl.teaTich^cffice.' S?0 ' : FiUrhore«t-,'
•/¦IIOO.-81S. vTO^ET--- F»rn.; «nd U^tiajn.
! ; >-^^ERl^N^OCK^HOtFiEr^TiT^llxS^R^mf
..- »f<r:tpji : per.nl^hu-fl .Ei-jtoSS p«r wee^...*nd.
¦;;-: : : ttgj-.t hpusejkeepicg; icperi;all clghtJ-; ¦":; : - •;:;.-.
. '¦'I'.P'Hrr-MI*; ;f?3-. : 'Post4-'aur>ny ;'cc.rr.?r suit*? :ta :
. .;'.¦ .r'r.'>-rf.f 'n Erd:f^rri?:i''*.;.Te;:ef:ehcesvsi^ea[;'vele-:
v : Waiter: #H;jccnr^:c'.?^{rurigts arccrrtiROdated. .
; :' XJ. I : P. S" JETTT; f I«J6 : Market .it. -iold :S*o.. : 136i)--4I-S»r.-: : ;
:.'.¦' jrtsiied Tirtev.-stilte^ wngie-- a'tso. unfurffished. ¦
¦ -lMi"Ti*a.r : ¦5^'ente»rithr-7'hreie''.«u'ijin.y ' uia- :
•^ri-.^it^i .Vr-y n;>>. -rent J ;il0/;.water: f feje^>; -r; ;-. ¦; j
'.-'• i: Kl ii TH;' ."S^'BUiiari:*'- : rifa-t;y '¦ t iirri-iRh^i.Vyunhy;:.
. .' ;;• :;ry»Qt:. £»«>;':>« ;'¦ : prlva;te: taHttly. ;r. ;.--'y^.; ,- ¦:-;
."jp"Cfly?CiM: r '..Ji.-i^ <vsrr.*r' S;'xjt|i : T.?yUeVof 3,.;eietact
'¦'-.• . '=¦ ::f.r.-y 'c-r)rc*r';;:rbT>tiis,- guftible : foT'->16ct6r-.:.: .¦¦.:'
•F< IT.?'"'M. ¦ ''-ri*=>-Tfcref • jp?ifurni>h"<l ".rocras: . fcr.
; :. : r- >:ji. K.^»-p:r^g:i ,ttot: : an'i;Cojdj;W»ter.. ,,.¦ .;¦;'-.'; ':].'¦
V.S r vii-^CM.'.J 1 CSy'.verJ''tth. iXh*:O}Lver>— Newly fuf-
¦¦'•' r,lshed;sunrjv.>ODTSs,;.«ingl# : or y ui'tes; reaaanM,'
¦ "CEAP.Y -.-flbi •<Tke : Navarre.>4E'legantlyi;Hral*heii :
• -* : uit*s-..or tangle;: tr^ve'lers
. • .--.;'. :-.:-<:,.- z.e*'. s ur.r.y room ; f urnieheii'
;'•• :-r. -u:if tirn-rshsMti ¦ •' :'."'-*¦-••'' : .v •'••!•.' .' : . : --/-- : i->- '.'¦¦ :^
.; ; »vi:l'^;-:-TO»r-'-B)-d^Nicelr
¦'¦ farftiS5i»;d .ircnt roorn.::! fcouf.eke*rjjng : .ff --.^ 4*7:
¦¦: . «:jre<l; j-.Jtj :irinC!'e -J^>on^.;:. ~- j : . i- ; .-.; . ¦,¦'. -¦¦ :¦''¦"_ ':¦'.,-
¦ . V> >«DESf ' GATi--- iV«:^5!?. crrrier :Hy.d6— Two:
:' ; >,>;i rqbTB-s=?-strvgie'-<>r. 'hgiigekf»i>rrtg;.. :. : ;..y ;-;.-V
• ¦'cn'A-N0:iQt*T.nERN'; southeast 'ccrriet'£.!tv«i : th: : ,
; ?¦*" M f-J-.n:<"s.- iruririV iraotr.s, >n ; sOU» . Cr
' . *;.-.c.;e -Jad ieS^ ,T>artor : - TaCAdlsg : rogrri ; glerator.
iTAN^-OCK. tS5v?E. - : 7S1 : MisEicjj ' /¦ st^Selfcct
; Js'dily rcoralng- house;; JSt,^?:ta >t'.:per-^eek.-'-.;.
J?' rTEli -.FraricJiwo— Efegai t «ultes; singles tr»h-
: iiaxns: , ;' JMr.s: .KIK.O-. Turk Andr.Taylor.
J-:OT>"ARD.- ?r*v-K<-rJ5!' from U : weelc- up ta *5;
• i- t*c to 5.1 r.'.ghr;*. 1 -** hoiisefcegpiog rbonais, :
5":-~IK,V.^y:^ff; ; 'fevehith— Furnisnei flat;; als*
r.>orny. : : ¦; ¦• v'-: y .. '. /-..-'*' 1 */.;¦*.'«' ':":;•' :,,;- ;
LARKIS. ,*0*^-t«.rKe taiitiy. rront-rooql;: neatly
furnished: j- or.. 2 persons; '¦¦&¦ '¦'.''. • ,;':, .':¦¦.:.;¦ -. :
LKAVENWOltTII. KL-5 apst*'-rs rtiotss ; rent
.-. -j;f)_ ¦;.;•;. :.¦¦'; ¦';. ••¦.;."...: "= -.-.." .''• \.~. . ¦¦ : '•'
K5— Xicely furnished single xoocis. : ; ¦
VINNA C«; cor. Eighth— X?w furtiifhed bay-
tv^dow room. $1 per »yrk; trsr-sient. : V ¦'¦ ¦;
">f TgfeTQ*g T H IHlU : near- Etert.ith-Nlcely fur-
ri-J-.^d bay-window room; also other, rooms. .
MN7H, :¦¦• 21— Njcelr fuSni**ed rooms, Jl SO per
* »,V.-k. * :-..;•'' : ' : '•¦••¦ ¦ _ ; ' - . -•¦"".;
O^FARRELL. J*-Surjry furnished rooms and
orrl'*?: »le-v l *tor: electric lights; day, wk.. mo;
TOWELL, 121— Lirht. cleaa rms., ruites or «in-
r>: tminslfnt: ronnicg- water; rates reduced..
PO^DALE Hium, SlJaiid J21 Ellla st.— Rooms.
Sc I 1 ' week; n 25 to 14; open night.
. IiOYAI- HOUSE. 32S : Ellis .. st^Incandeicent
HrM rcadlhs room, -tmoklng rodm andlidl«
jir^'r; roonSi: per Eiytat. S5c to tl 60; week. »
. t? f?:.m£r,th. H to J2o! elevator on oaice flopr;:
rotffis , with : :hot and ccld water; b»thg.: - ; ;. ;
fACP.AMCNT.O.. 1.-14,'. bet.. Hifle and Larkln-
iir»» t-jaar front room on- second . Door, ele-
: ;.; gently f urq.-; •.bjKy-'wtPdow. water, grate, gaa.
rHEP.:.f AK' ; Arartmenj, Ilous*. 28 ' Eighty, st.;'
: Markct^rarrilsfcea : and unfurnished. :
¦:'TTriJblt,-''5-:s-An'.e>raEt jjarior : su!te;;sun *ll
¦". -'<4y ; -jaUprfyigl-e- room -f nor° ¦ » 6 : f>j"iV);..;.-:.-
! : i'f-'i'£'.'-bAKS ' . :; li» Ttilr&r^A : en6i toavainit 6ou?»
V' Icr r«-^t > GHES.;p.roprtetQT-:- ¦ •''•
' r: i^nK. Sl^^jHlJf f urftWJj'^ toy'-*'n43i^ -rooia,':
;.; ::^7th r t^t>i : :.:tfrThs\ : rfeajonatil?. .-=¦• j. ;; ; " ; -,¦::;•'¦ J
: ..i -' -Ira : njcilsr^itiriiiai^d: *ubcv_ roprns.^' tocether
;¦: ¦r>:»«.j,afate;: ,. Innufte. l^T
' : ' ¦ v>*^€*jfe£^^
. KA^^SANCH -ioTflce. fct-^*» : »* v^ e^^ f^*
';• :>tfB«<-rsi.H'cr:s;ht« ib**n">e?rt«bl;Eiied ; a i t W«.>a^
..'.: ;.:':«;Srta'.st- Jr/;:/ : ¦;*¦•¦ '¦¦¦ "•-.' '¦•'¦"•; ¦¦'%'¦• ¦ 7' *¦;¦'• . : '"
•••' OliA'SPinrrb -«av«-tl«>rr.entE: ihd ¦*u'bscrl|rtlori#
¦•¦• yrpr.«rtv^ Xt ¦¦.CaV>ninf.ft -rtv»;22--y\ Fiilmcr-e gt.
'¦ SlAnKTtT; 1'S? A- < Hot*J I'TltoKinsbri)— j"OTnv rrts.-/
';¦: with JBr«'-il«j^;iioB.r<j"J-. 1 .<fc>u^*e..;»lt.wJk^: rin^l*.
' - M » tpoi- ii6-3erri;-*:eviiV»'r; tail* t>a»rt. J« w «f-:
¦Vijmesla^ v .- ; .xng ? ¦ &ii; : C. ¦ ,ttOBIXSQX>- .-Prbj?.
!;';H'aj«»HT.-; ±2-Stnriy: rooinsi: «rtui • er! wlthput
-¦ ¦ " : .X* r '\T^. ' -- '¦¦-.:¦¦-"¦-'. ¦':*.:.::":¦ - ;-:"•?*: " t . F c .'
' : :i.AS PALMAi-'. ":lt:?i: Knirlcet :«:-r5;ulte.-icf a «'¦*'
=:| : '-n>».i ; frlvsjL«.?.]tai.h: t'.fi. rmyu; ; b&ard-.flptlQBat^;
:'• •¦NEtV .-fiasliy- : boi- ; -ric^jitio&itliy ;ij&t>d ! in *v*ry.
.'.-' ¦ rJ»rricii;aJ":;-i-tiTT-,»r>r;>at«s:. :??7 'California. St..
'¦}¦;¦ ' ; svoihis ; ".aVp :^kq vitp> .wA-yTpp,".;.-;
'^vrAXT^iS^T:^^-- : rb^rriM'' : ':Siii5iii,". : "-: wHhcut
¦ " : -«"hilii:ep. ,t9;-csr».-for : J*cjr risthi? to tetiaQV* .jjl'
•¦. ;.;¦ t>'tvr^t::-JTenr!!<..';box :Tl»5.;- CHI:-' .'
•": «: : v./v!v- v-*to6^5^>VAvri;i^ !; .'i'r,.. 5 ;''"^
¦.•iixSy'^jrUlj -. isiuitt+Kr'.ywni'iQf *tt : 4*iSr>« >y:
-'•".i.'i:<- ; pt^n:ber ;;^"^ > ' t wf?j"-t-arnj^h*d rooini
;" !...-s«-tth:1joer'a.' i tn ¦• TtficHy r<«!'»'.r.jt!-. i 3Ue:-fcm»;
¦ ;• .'Jt.v; r:a -MIt*¥. :cii!!4i*r, ' rear.-' .KrorHo'A--or'.Van'
:.:^-^Vs>:putj:k->Pr^QCl:---x««net»c*)* = *S<*»BS*dU-
V A,'.dr<^* -at ontel^PS* .tf~-.fi£-XA2tBEBZ7
1 ; i' : Hi^.lta^»» t ,-H:':I/-;^! -p.: 1^ :,:¦•:•. ' ;
¦ i\r"ANTED- t -A «»oot: lit ipoor !^nillr : Where : there
'. :' :if« yi'jMr»nxwithSn:-6- b!o<»»ii of «h -^.nd Srar-
;. ;:¦¦ R*t Kti : -ho». rw-rtlctfiiar »b<jiit .-rsoro. j Address
.¦••fTW.-Ki itANbEW^, -81*^ Market: -st. -y ,f. :
SAl'SVUiO R0OMS7.XO LET. .
&AVSAL.ITO: i ; Eunny':iooms; • geAtlemeh.; -In
.'priva.te family; exe^Ueht location;: .near Fta.-.
t3on. PR. CRUMRTON-. aggnt.. Saufatito. . :
..¦¦;¦; '.. \. iPEciAt/j.soi 1 ices; ¦ .V. '.'¦?;;
BAI> tenant's ejected for i»: cellectlbhs /made:'
• city or country. •;. PACIFIC COLLECTION-
¦ .;CO:.' <15 Montgomery, gt,; '.roo ms S-Xii tel:-. 5^80/;
rooms papered ttoia\t3; .Whitened, Ji up: :
.Tainting do«ie. .Hartrr-art Patat Co.. »19 t^lrd-V:
SEWL\G VlACIIIXpS A.\D j/flPPiflE?^
>ilL. ktPd-» botis^t.- TOlA. : ',«nd\fepair.lnB Ktairan.:.;;
.1 tec3. Cfcas. : Plambeck.,JS15 >lt5Slon;'.nr. ; 15th.":
RENTED., impaired, tjb^ghC sold; rnachlne sup--.
VPUe*; §Undm.rd.:As>n<;y. .145 €th; j)hQEe Mint 4».,
AMU kinds •toourht; ; - iold.' ; exchinped. rented ;.
; rerairtrg at lowest rates. : . ... 205-- Fourth' st. - - :
CHEAPEST:>ndr¥8t |h America— The -TVeeWSf'
' -Call.'. 16 'pa'fees; soSt;'.i'o'.:-any.. address in, -. tSft
: '. T.'riited :Rtat>i« -or t"ahj[da.:ori> ypar.for. Jl. ... ¦
;-^';st6rage > Ajviif \VA:UEilkoi;sES. rj.
1 thoHojc: covered;
.,-'vans; ; Tenth -and ¦ ,- j&tfrk'et; : phone/ Sotath; .-62.-
BEKIN3'; Va.h":ahd SemS Cbi ". ?22 «t.V.
:; ;-;-'tel; Sbuth- .Ka—P.ackl.n-g. /mbylng. >nd gyoraf e.
PIERCEiTtOiDOLPH- Ptcrase af.3 : -i Moving r Co.;
40iP-^t.t^ ccr;;Po well; tel., Main S7IT,
PACIFIC: ' Storare.: and: Moring .ComV
' Xin'r. SSWOFiritnore <t. :. phone -JacKfon tSU'.y
}i ;i ¦ *YPte.AV^lT.E'rtS; ; -'AX.'4 : '- f Ci»PLIE.S. : V- ;p
; GREAT "BABGAiSs TiTrTPEwfeTERS— .W*
'i.-aell -better inachlces for ;le»«. rnT3r.ey.th;«.n anjr.
-v.'ti^ase tn. theicUy; rentals, J8.. .Th^Tjt>e writer
:;-: : Exrhangy: '528 California, telerhrae: Main: 265:
zi.i?s~i'.* \^Div^R^Aii;. / xo^ritC^5; '.' 1-; ¦'•>••¦
; t^TnEl?D"^ r notlce— IJlvldend Ko..:. I05 ; : (flfty :
:V:cents per*hare) '.of . th* : Ocear.U: Steamship
'Wsili : be, 'pjayiWe. at the. of flee -of the
V : - ; «erhrany,-:^r: Market -su, on :,amJ; after; .Frl*'
:;'. '<Say.- ; Jur.e. : l.': 1900/ -Transfer bocks ' ¦wflt tlose.
-I" '-ca Baturday, May :s:,39Q0;.at ;12 ;«-cloclfC m:, ¦•!;
:'¦' j ¦'••':' =¦- V>*. yCj. K : <5 ittSP-y.- 8-»cr!>;ary '.r-r«i .--tftnu ' ;
/ - ' PROPOSALS.
¦^FROpSsaLj? wlllVbe; ."j*c?iv<pd ;at ".the ffhee ;;of'
: - ; Stfai - Ligtitbouse . '.Engineer. •; Twelfth pistrlct.-
.-;'; : Sah-';Fra.ncJ-:«<-a. Cal.; '«ntH52 p'eioek rn-.-'JUjn?
r^20:!'tMO;':tpr-fiirnj*htiaB-"Miscenai»e6»w Articles.
•: ; pojpisrfsirJfr^HaTciware. ••.' Enrlneerjs' ; Siipplie?;.
t : i t,urnfeer r an4 T l air.?. 1T! : a^'-.;Fdafi.o.p :wittv spet^-
:'.-;¦ ftca.tlc-i5?.-TCj:-ie~ >>f /tv.'-hi.cln .-"with/l-tank propbs-
r-lVjals ar.ij ct^'T' 1r.:'orrt,aft'-n'; may: be ha'a : uf«3n
¦^ jBpptreatioji: tijV-il^ASi'E.: X: ; :n. .DAA:iS,-Ma^7* ;
¦ : : i:Cort>f -o-f -gnrln»*rs.'-:y,;:,S:-\ Al ¦-;'¦'''. : .' ;: '¦ ¦>;•:.
ALAMEM ffllRTJipl
:!¦;; .'¦:'¦'• . '''A^A^Ebi* : ' :: jatBAi» '¦"estate. =; y^l:
BARGAIN if '.i=ald.:'at;<>nc.e.i ;• cottage, -.5. rooms..
; ; bath^ aid /'pantry.; ojpen .;' plumWYig; planked
' bateajer.fi: tct- 55x125; : : ;-"7:S:. HaiB-St; -sive,. .=. AlaV
•/¦¦';-. : me^*::-Mf^ticV.-6tatiign;:.;btp'aa;-g»iipe ; ;;Ueb5(!t i^
:-,- -station-, narrow -caufieJ.:-. ::...y.' •.-.:;•;.;;- '¦'.-•¦• •• .;"¦:';
I IMPEQVEft aad unimprpved prfepe'rty.ACfluired:
:•; by : foreclosure^ bargains; -oce-flfj/h-cash; b*l-.
¦ V anee ta jQ;,^ 1-if .>;.f <«n. ' Alaiu'edav • Savings,
¦;,'•. B»nt.--';; y-. -;'•-¦::¦.'...•*':-';'"> .¦•;-'•• .:'•¦!-••• ¦¦-¦'¦•*¦ " :;^ .'
ALAMEDA^ROO^iJS. __ _^? !'
i r $O^^V-TV ; -:party' r .-6V-.; i : 3utts, ; uclieap;.< * ..-large
1 - rr^tr.s ' la ; h ar..! ra.^tty v ::all' ftf;-No ; -;.l' CO^-fi-:
i '-¦ ticn:' kitchen - ; pa rtly-.'-"-':! rT.^V!*.-!. ::-.IrJ3(iir«;;,at
!."'r ; \VM.:- HORST'P,. :.cer; . Santa: av?., rieir.
!;-.; : Nir;h «¦ : " - ; :¦ ' / '- r -'-. "¦'¦ • : -. :^^- <¦¦ :•;;-:¦.¦>
tBERKELET^DVERTISENSENtS
kq ;'-/BOTKEI^V:;,iiEAL^SiViTE.; ; :;i''"
f J10~(?A^^JS^Snl:hlr ; : tlOO;- cheapest -iots -e'.v*r
I ¦ ¦•offered : • ftiie : .level :-, lots r . s<da.. soil.-; - ?-*nl wwHy
! -:"ave »iid:. Sacramento ¦> st.-.: -riot J.ar; from: v the
j^ : i university: bcuna.Wfftpr-e.ase 1-a.. >"alue.; el^Cr
!'¦ : trie road": new be it* vbtfllt on :^5n::Pablo ave:.
r.'-LTQN':&"'HOAG, il4::Siorit'er«JHeivr stii'i .:-'- : ;-'
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
¦ OAKLAND RCAJi CSTATB. ,
['•Ar':ACeTION;-'-'-' ¦¦ &?'$; '¦ '•'^.¦••." ''..'.': " : v& ':-.\-^
r- ¦ - -•:¦ ¦' : ".;>.i'.'.-AT Ajfxrriax. ;.'¦¦- - :'..:¦ -V :.-.
H ¦¦'¦¦¦^¦;\^:'--'-*? *Vs:TloX;:--..:v.:"-.-y : : ,':'
¦ -¦¦¦ -4:; : .--v". . : :..-AT'-AtrcTipiN»;:--,;v"; -v.'.^. ..,;= v
¦•; ¦•:;' v -i'-:-/::;^V:' AT AUCTION, :¦> "; :'¦¦, ¦ ¦¦¦. '$
':-."¦ Saturday;' June 2, t-'-p. rol-.at falesraortt.....;,:.
LATMANCE REAL r^T^TE-COM PAN Y. • - ;
'\-:-:y •-.-; .V'.«ind+£::r:.s«:i "t... pail»nd.- ; :
}'¦ "¦' '.].:¦¦'-. i'.4-.'%
;¦'.'• ¦,:• Subject, to c.infirrqati'o.a ¦Of: Court :'.¦¦. ;• -••'¦ '.:¦
... f : ; .-.'•.¦¦,¦•;..'• • \-j£n;-\y .¦¦?.'•' .'¦¦ '¦•'. . -.> .¦.
"^Starr.-ietate; i?.-.' 15'. : e«. •pifih^ive. .ajj* East: j
:T*rith.st;;. elerant * Starr): residence: li .rooms; ,
rurni»c«;. «^bte; lot :325xl4» or ' iCaxUOfi- iocatlop
choiceet ; in.4Eiist Oafel^ad. . : -f.'-' : :l) ,"? •_-. ."•" •¦',*.¦. ..." ~''}'- : .-:"'
'I '¦'¦'. -i -t: -FIXE REFltJENCE tBiTS.' : ; ¦ ' ' : r-^
;-:¦ •Xdjolriiris' aibove/N.-iE-.' coV.\. Fifth iave. -aria
JEast Nii:ii 'st., Clinton Station ; .r-isp^site elepnt
.mansion, of. w.- S'.- Qo*.raf«U<>«": tn ;4 subdiv^sicns,
!'3";6 and:&C*i40 each; dprt't JTatl tosee tfeetB. -.¦-;.:;
p q '¦ '¦ \ : t '• v. ; \'execl%ok'S:sale; : ; ;,: :-^ 'jy. ¦
[¦: Waters esia-e ' S, W, 'tor; Ten* And -Webster .;
itis.;. ECbcTi; --fcu'sin^s lots for- stores, c-r .flats;. 2
blocks ; -or ;F1 rst : :- '.'. .\a ti bnal Banii; ; ."< Tvtil n : , .and
; : Bir6adwiy>f lot; is£utsl<Je 6t riew-flreliTKitV-;.. v
K S : :':MA.G?ilPiCENr tX»TTAGE;lfO.CSE. v^:"-
¦¦ lilS- We«: &t:.; Ma,rKwl"cr harr3'*.-6a.utfe ,>£a- ,
i tlohs; Siroipia; •racderaf-curly. redwood -finished:
| mantels', iifi,:*ie.i 'Kpty:. only ;.*M» tafh,- balr ¦
I *nce is i-ey cert; r^ntj '.f"a mrrith; ;-'n- L.'--'i . : "
? c-:.- ¦¦BAS.T-'-iiOAKliA.XI>-:-l3r?lNK.~.H-..-BIiOClv,.v^-
|-:.-CCS:'ar. i T'->H ]>.^t :. J rh ft., bet, i;tb and l?tb
; : ay*a-; : i-Vu-.rj t^it^Uildi^sjvrt^re ao4--:U^per :
flat; lot'CJ'xHO tdillevi-.terms cash... •.:»,-: ¦:•>•;: •
.yt.-'v 'v ¦•>"•;'•.•-" inciC'>ie ; .e:j-ats.; ;;>• Cr : W :ii ¦ •
' :«; E. : cdr> "Sixth ar«l : <?k*iip:zl s.' : . : »larket-s;t.i
•statlrin;. modern: ::tsfiild>ilgr:--: each -y rotjrna^ bith: •
«ae. : mantel: hrii-H fr:ur:.i«ti.-,.n;' l : t *T,»:x.j; .'.ftOe-
location- far- it-ore 1 ; cniy:J4V> c ash; .balance save...
yearly -paynvKfttsi.-reot* i27 00. wpmh: r. r . -;. .yvj :•-. 1
;¦'.¦: . .!. ;... EASY- TERSE .K'ESltoENtE-,-: «^fe'^
"-.'. €77:SlSjh st;;',r.>ar.:C(a#tro. arfJoIttltiK aboTet: 2-
rttorjv.S-rooms.and feath; '.brick fcundatlonJ lot
i:i7:e*TS;V'nfear ..Market-si:: atat.i<3n; : . ; er^y-;53Qe
' tialaiice 5::ye«rly iayiiMvpts. :. •• rv'r^ •;•¦ ,"*':'-:.; { '.
H • . :;•. ¦:.-; AltMIS.JSTJtAiTOR S [SAT^V , ¦¦:¦->. { •
\..-; :••:.. Subject to ccliRJimat.ion -ojt ioflrt.".- v; v. i .
f ; : -m Fraiiklin st:, brti;Fmh:arjii>=ixt;lt;,ecUaBe.
I of D rooms:; . lot \^%~x:i :<-nly : 2 jbipeks. oi- Seveftth
• and Broa<lsr«y: renJfjKV :: • ¦ •':": .':'¦' i f '-' ,' :.'-i : ! : : •
I- .' " .' •• EtF.OANT.-:' KOOM RESIDENCE: ¦;¦:,:
! :«4ilerrlrt»c i«r Tw^ntyfeighthi st.» iiear T<?1-
' egraiph ave.^.on; beatttiful ¦ McClure Heights;
inoSern ia-*very: : "resp^et; let <JxilQ: hank laart--
' cage ; - HOW can remain: must be*oM. :'-.-¦. ¦.••"•-;•.•"
¦;¦ . ¦ -.ri b'lsr: :.vvtpDiii*i.:t&T.-i.: .'••¦•;•;••'....¦
: - W *!dewr: Adeline it., 125 -fef>t-X.- of Eighth;.
5Oxl2S:3;: choice l-ocatfOrt: Adeline ;statipn- : .:¦¦ ¦'¦¦
¦ .::¦' .•;¦¦¦ SAN PABl>D A VENUES LOTSv:: -- 1 :-
¦ ' ¦'?» ,' • W. ¦'irt>r- : • Sa n Piaplv ni^ :: ponton : ayes..
Gcld«n Gate station; 3 :lbt.«, 46x106 eacfe location
for stores; riew electrfe lin<» and. :santa. .Fe Rail-.
.'road w<H treble; vsilur'i-fiatr ca*tr.:'-. .-' • ¦•: : ; ¦"¦¦¦¦:¦ '¦'
BEACTIFUt BSnKPLKY COttACE rGITT.
[.¦: .:i ¦¦¦¦> . : :^ iavlits). ": ; 'r.--^ '-:^-r<
'' S tide Bertcrf Sixtieth); st..;' '30Q ] feet : W.. : .of
Grove-tt. linf; 2'tlocks L^rjn stattonr.8 rooms ;:
i porcelain bath, mantels. flnlshp:4 basement;. (Sort-
E San: Fraoclst-o :Bwk<dt*trt. UfOO;- 5Qil^;. Tie w. '•flat
'loan tt6C0.--balac.ee cath; s snap. : ':; -' ¦...*'.-.:.
HOME NjEAn TELEGRAPH iAVEXUB 'ASfD'
| : L THIRTY-EIGHTH STREET^ • : : ". - : .-.
\ E. fide Ruby «t., JQft.feet N.>pf .Mess ave.; (or
Thirty-eJiKhth *t.) : ; modern; bay. : windowj.:.7
rocrns, bath; cera«nt b»semeat; extra, fine barn;
¦tmt EOxlOC'; 1 choicest shrubberies; -.neiy flat .irrort-.
gats* : - S15C0/ balance carti.:-: '-:*- ; -" :*¦- • ' . ':': ¦'• "'.
RESIDENCE 3SD AKD GRQV'fi. STREETS.;
6S3 Thirty-third' st~. v near Grovo;- rhcKiern; ¦:. J--
Story: * rtcmr; lot SSrlbft-.iSpO-cash,:.: ; . ¦ . .>;'= •;
• Remember: date. Eiturday. June 2jt p. :m.'-'; .
.. .' ' ¦ : '.. Writ* /for rhaps. .¦'-"-¦ • \ •:¦:'•¦'.¦'
:¦.- '¦'¦ Call and be shown : prcSp*.rtt*S- r ' •' -•--¦ '•',
¦ : . LASMANCE liEAJ. . ESTATE. CO."' ' i'" "¦
Office and taleeroom .466-462 ClRh^h 6t..,..Oaki»h4 4
¦••; : •. ;: :•" ". AT iA.tGTtONv : . ¦: ''. • i : \ ¦ . .. ;<-. '.-
./ ; ' ;v r ;' : : : AT; AUCTION;;- I:!;;.-': \~4':'?.--
;..\-i' '• ":¦'¦¦ i - - Iat j«;ctionj >;•;¦"" '¦...¦y:.,:. ¦
, v -; ; :'¦:,;;:.:;" :." jlt jaCt?tiqn.-.;.. .-. ';.-. "•••?'>•.;
BIXXTK tl.. rnust be »old. near 2Sd ji»-ei. ; Kth M;.
¦ EftEtOaWaml; a raR>.' chance., for a block pur-"
• rhaser, : \ SA MUEU:~ SWIFT,- 1131.' East &x-.
¦ te»nth.«t.. Kast : Oakfairdi - :¦•.;.¦:; : :1 : a:'-.u'^:
'$K ANl> -tSC^-FurnVigjied' hjo)jsc, ; : ! 8 ; room*.: r.T512-
Ninth «l:.i 2 bbclc* ; frc.tn Cehler a'tatrori; Oafc-
'¦'• !arr<3;- key. ..1.M0, n.'xt- door. ffrf.^.aiMress' Pi iX-
¦ h$X .:S7j::fJor:i^ .'fiaKl^ .; : ; ..>" j ;^-;.; -.. : -»5i...-;
A}T^ntrod-BMlp«t ; lb ;^0u ifroro B. : S«t:f1lha»«. : - thfl
i urc1tgr» jg»a?eT. ?lgi :'and FrapVH.g.f OaldaRd:-
San Lcandro. Advertisemeats;
7wi*ZQRT3l*.n£> i)fi5-:«<re^; *- : j.t'h. ; C!Kiage. ;>iitrn.>
, .ttiV.-ganLl^andnto''; ¦;.¦•• -^ / -.^ "-j". '^ -i >- : :-;'y
flilNR-V *J. GALUAG!!Kr?.COj=; ; .?
¦ii(36uVcei»or» bo' Flir-nagan i$'.:.^*lWehert^..r:
: '>'¦'& Fift&st^jct^'-iEUe .LlBc^ln'-Schoot':;.' =;
• Hi "': .- r; r •TelrBftone' Southi46i;i>/ ¦ ''-.'Xv '¦'•.';.
\ ¦'¦'¦'¦' '"" ' " "" r ' :;: '"" ''' 'f
I'-! :yncAVpy. •*T;!CO..Jt ; c : l
•'f.- kSiiiar^t-fli^leltwften^H^Jsd Sth^ - I
.}U •::->: : ;;|
fflbUWT qLJ|fEt Cpj EXERY
¦ : "ii| -••xjj>^kii*l: s|«f= 'MATibkCoi.K'';::-;
st^ : . -fit ipQ^i?
Q-fr »S
§ v 9;
I $002 g
§ Philadelphia §
§ AND RETURN via g
I Santa Fe I
1 Route... 1
p Tickets SoJd June 5
g. ; : -- 12th and 13th good §
« i; to return 60 days. O
p Office, 628 Market St. |
— — ¦ — — — ' ? <^
REAL yESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
Eleanor G. Sharp 'to Anna G. Garratt, lot oh
S line of Geary vstreet, 53:9 E of Polk. E 58:9 by
s j20;:$i6^ ¦••.;;:. . ;:':•.-?.! ' r -' ! ''¦¦¦']. ';¦ ¦ -'
Andrew G. Ruddock, to P., H. Ruddock, lot on
N line ot Ivy. avenue, 20«:SiJ W of Polk street,
\y 26:7^. ;: N SS.'SE to Reardonlana, S IS, $10.
Ed-ward H/Stroec.iteT.to. H.".P.. : So.nntag, lot on
W line o-f Seymour avenue. 7S S: of Turk street.
S'24 by;.\V ; .90:.nf. '::¦¦¦''¦:¦¦. '¦¦^¦¦¦Li'-'.'yJ-
Maiirlce or Morrlal- and Anna' Fltzsrlbbon to
Gervaslo ,Ratto. : lot oil SW corner Of-Klghteenth
and Caj>n streets, S 42 by W 122:6; J10.
! Hedwis Minor to Glacomo Muzio, lot on W
line, of- Treat., avenue, .100 S •: of • Twenty-third
street. S: 2^ by- w 109: 510. ;-¦¦•'. :.
M- J.-. Fottrell uj. Mary C. Fottrell (wife), lot
on -N line of Twenty-fourth street,- 90 E of
Valencia, E 27:6 by K 84:5: also lot on SW
corner of F-lllBipra and Clay streets. S 29 by W
llS:9;ais» lot.on W -line of Sixth street, 75 NW
or'Brj-ant; NW.50 by SW 90; also lot-on NW
corner of. Twenty-fourth- and Shot,well streets.
W r 'S2 by-V'N • -90'r. also lot' oh SW: ; llne of Oneida
street; i59- NW.of Delaware. NW 157, SE 412:9,
BS •12 ( J:6."'NE '%¥k SE S". NE 160, block 31, West
End. Map- 1: also lot on S corner bf Alemany
and' Harrington streets. SE 99. SW 100. NW
S5:-6 . Nli 1ft.'. kits 54 and 55, Academy Tract:
als>> lot on NW line of Theresa street, 230:6 N"
of Telegraph iroa1,. ; NW 109 by.SW r 100, lots 113
and 115,'; same; also lot on W line of Fillmore
etreet, 2* S '.of: Clay. S 31:S!4 by W 11S:9; also
lot. on "4ivW corner bt Turk street; and Parker
avenue, WlT5 by S 276; gift.- : •. ¦ /
. Jamep and Janet Thorn to Marlon S. Johnson
(wjfe. Of Frank; H). lot on B Une of. Dolores
etreet. ; 6VN -.Of- ¦ Tw.entynhlrd, : .Nt 25. by- E 117:6:
also lot-on E'11r.« of Alabama street,- 20S N of
; Twenty- third; N 26 by E 100; slfL; ¦ '¦•-:•- '.
Ix-uis-a-nd Rachel I^andler to. Julius Jacobs.
lot -. onK.1V. Hriffvof Diamond street.. 130 S.- of
TwentyrPecond; S 40 by W 115:9; ajso lot on W
Un«:of D:'famrtnd street. -'.190 S of Twenty-second,
S 20 by W 11S:9; : also lot; on S line" of Eighteenth
street. 55 AV of Eure-ka, \V 20 by. S 75: $10. .:
(fuliusiand Sara Jacobs to AKa -Building and
Loan -As9ocla.it.ton. same (3 pieces) ; J10. •
Estate; of I.oXiis Landler Unsojvent. by R. C.
Jcnes; assignee) to Fame, lot on W. line oi JDia-
mo-nd street: 150 .El 0f Twenty-second, S'.2O by
•W 115:9; also lot on W. line of. Diamond street,
190 S of Tvrenty^ecpnd. S 20 'by W- 115:9; also
lot on S line of Eighteenth street.' 63 W of Eu-
reka. W 20 ijyS 75-;.aIso lot oix W. line of l>l"a-
rrtphdstreet. 13(i;S Bf Twenty-second,' S : 20- bv
W.-H5:?:- p.<).-:- ¦'¦¦ .;•:-.'¦ • V. :.• : .'¦• ; - '•" '-: ; - ' -
' Juliu?., and; Para' JTacobs . to! *aiae, ' lot-' on V}
line' of Diamond street, 110 S of- Twenty-second.
SI» tVy . W. 115:9; also lot on W line Lt Dia-
mond street.' 1 170 :S of TMepty-s'econd, ..&:'#) by
W 115;.V;. Ji'\... . '-.; V . ]: ' : -.'! ': ; ;... N :' :
• Alta nuilding and Iwan .Association to Adolf
Mneller. -lot Pix W.: line of- Diamond: street, -130
Bof Tw-enty^econd, .S 60 by V. 115:9;. J10;. .
¦ Henry L. JCaufmanfi to Sophie 'M. Bowers;
AuKUSta..-D..!''Ockenr(3th.-and HermiinnC. Kauf-.
maun, lot qn'.'N' Hrte of Frarietseo street. S7-:6
W of Ptooktoii. W 25 by N 6S:6: als<? lot oh W
.lih«" of Masoa street, 80 N 6f--SacramentQ , N
ZQ. by \V- BO; cut. •.)' •¦-.-.' •..•-.".:•¦:. ;• •¦-.: ..:¦
Same to Louise -K aufinann * lct on ?¦ line of
Washlnetnn street, 137:6 W of Mason, S 137:6
by W 34:4>-i: Kift. . "•¦ -.• ¦¦¦'>:'¦? ¦;¦-< .¦'¦¦. ".-
Estate of Ralah' Moore (by Robert S; Moore,
administrator), to KlFiiori Iron aria. Ixscomotlve
Works, lot on KE line of Beale Street, 273 SE
of Ifoward. XB 137:« tiy NW ia-.lb; J3600. -¦: ¦ ',
•City^ &nd' County.' of .San Francisco toi ,Iobn
Centef' and -Richard C Nelll, : lot on. SE corner
of" Vermont : and: sixteenth <€>nter) streets, S
'20fl by iS.'iOO; : $^-^-i' ¦. \ : : ..': \.-''\- ''' .•¦',:' i' '¦
'. Rob'TtO; and lEHzabeth L.! ' S..'. Hooker t<> Ku-
pene J"i "and. Aurella Brl^noli.r Jotj :on S line: of
Luke ?tregt,'-32:6.:E. of Nineteenth avenue,' E
;2*by.S/l(V);'.JiO.;..,: ; : '.j; : : ,' ;-...- •'¦"¦;. •';¦;"•':•: V*-- :..
John and Joana G,' Wenstrom to Isadore Lln-
denian. "Jot bn K: line of. R : street.. $2:6; E Of
Twentieth avenuej K 25 by N; 100; J10-' ; ; ' .•: • : '
Aiameda -Countyi.
T M E. ; Deaf fnE. to. Jutival Samuel, lot <>n W
jihe'of' '-Che'sftpr street; .100 X tot West Third, K;
'25 by-TV-l^, : block- F, Bay--\'iew Homestead;
Oakland ;'SW> s .= •':.'', • '¦ • : .- ;.,-.; : --. ¦: :¦¦¦ ¦:"¦' .¦
.-Mary Kort^to'ltaniiel Macjedo; lot -/in JC line
'of '•Tw^nty-set-enth 'O.r 1 Park;. street, ?40 : W. of
Grove.; -v\V' 2T>'.by.'N' 100;;. blocH";2a2V- Whltcher
Tract;^ inafl 2;- p^klaod:; $10..;- ':; ':':.;.:¦,;¦ "-.¦ ¦'
. :Ernesr'F.. ; Kreiss.. administrator/of tha estate
of Lauretta'.I/ Krelsg-<by W. &. : :Harlowi com-
nli.«!«ion«rt td Julia A.'RinK.'tc^t at intersection
of XW-line of LJndMi lane, with middle line
Of 5 LlWrty street. : NE.: SI :3%./.N 12.>, NE 75. S
423:3 : .W • 131:8., S. 619:3 to beginning, belncr a
portion of plat 13, Rancho V. and D. Peralta,
Oakland; ?i2". ¦:'. ¦¦ ¦¦' '¦':'¦'¦ ¦'<=!'¦
. Kliza A 'Robbing to : Kliza bethB.: Spratt. lot
on W line of Telegraph averiue. 2.76 chains SW
from NH corner of plat 2. P.ancho V, and D.
PeralXa ¦ thence SW 76. XW 94. >'E 85, BE 94
to bPRlnnlna. being a portion of plat 2, Rancho
V. and D. Peralta. Oakland: Sli>.
•-William S. Harrington to WiIliam'-a.nd.TAura
E Ltacch, lot on K corner of East Twenty-
first -street and Tenth avenue. NE 50 by SE
130 beinK lots 1 and 2, block 131B, map of
Brennan estate property. East Oakland: $10.
James and Isabella Cobbledick to L X. Cob-
hledick lot on NVN'lIne of Fourth avenue. 152:6
SW of 'East' T-weUth street. SW 60 by NW. 100,
block 29. Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Same to James H. and Charles F. Cobbledick.
lot on W corner of East Twelfth street and
Fourth avenue. KW 75. 3W 100.. NW 25. SW
52:6, SE 100, NE 152:6 to beglnninK, block 29,'
Clinton, Eiast Oakland: $10. ' ' . •' .- • '-• •-. •-:
-. James, de *Ff emery to \V". C- B. de Fremery,
lots 29; 32, 53 and Jl» feet in • lot 31, plat — .
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland Township;
1376'. : :-'.; ¦ ' •:' " -' " ' : ¦ ¦¦
: George I*, and Amelia M. Tait t6 Peter Airi-
aius 1 acre In W corjier of S-acre tract of W/
S L.yon ajid High street, STV 127.35; NW 33S.97.:
NEJI5.9J.SE 555:90 to be^lnnins, Brooklj-n
To\vnshlp: $19. ." ' : ' :'"'" •; :¦ ¦ ¦
¦' LuUe- •HJ.-Q'.Shea- (Holcomb) / and Lydla B.
Holcomb to Phoebe;. l^each (wife. of; Albert D.),
Jots 6. 7 and: 8. blo<k B, Maey, Tract, Brooklyn
Townshlpr $40o: .-• . • •;' • ¦-• '"C-::.' .'.. - -.-; ;.. .¦¦-
Builders r : Contracts;
1 Mahany I JJrpthers • . witn : Duffy;
.Brothers -:(sub-contractors)...:- architect. :' Curtis:
and KasflitlnjK.Jfpr al'tera*:
tiortsi-'andi additions to;-.a f onristorT -tiflelc build- ;
Ins- ob'S\V-.; corner? 0-f Motitcbmery and: := Bu-li
itwrffei: S ;.65;ft »*C^ ; 'i^%^ i- , : ¦'¦¦'¦"
i 3a.ih^ K-. a«'d :: Charies- M.". Beljtha^r ;.(owners).
¦:irith'U : . M. 1 'Brl;c^':Cccritpactp.r)..;archi.tect Hin :
bert : E. -MaKJcs^Steel;:. I'rorti.; elc;;:-for:.buUdlria'
p'xi :Sw! liii?. : af Cealerstreet;: 2M:2 iS15 of Mis-:
SB' ?i:?ibygw 'J37.fi: «?:«?: .\: ; . ;.-; : .- ¦'¦¦: ¦..-, - : r-
¦ iIale>BrQ«('.*i - s. ; In^.-Cewrie.rs)'.; v*iih James. 0',-
Granfs :: (coTitrACtspy.-.%rc}xlteGts:.Rjrtd brothers— i
¦pfeam;.: heatliiei -'pla.nt--: ,f or^Va^ftiie^stortf ibrtclc
.buil4'l/isi'.'oW':S fifMfSl Market >t ; rt;e.ti: •betis:«;erv i
and::Si?(thc; J2?9S: s -i : -s.£:^ ii;i' ; '^ -J>- : - : :- : 2"
;-E :B. : Jcitrilngs <flmrrjeTj -^HJwh 4 • Loa»
lcontr?ictbirfr) k t architects: MjcDpJlijfiiUf BrOs;-i-Ex?
cavatinff,' :bfl?k, catpflhter ttnd.-hilir; Work. [ lat-M
%n«, *BV*st*rijjr«f, • US; • Jr3l. va: n! t **^rCin...:^lafcinft;;
ifitalrSI^nd; 'lifir<3n - aro.|.Wf.' ariSistorj; -.aiid -;ba^
AVeaWfn- Addition felWsli- 5**t: |«IS;..: .- .' ;r':-- :'-, • ' ':
il'Ftank: Coglfert- (awTier); witli. Au^iijsrt; PettoW:
¦feohtrkotoO. .iarvhtte-?ta :
•Wthirur ; iind;; ipfasietttg-^ fjor. "i^a-jifoiyj frame i
feuiidlns.Gii.tat cm f>'.il1rff -ftf -E^dr-stiJeet; 1 62ijl:
;: ,-; kj| . .; '; • *¦%: ;; ixppt : <\ ¦': '? : '--i'y :; :
Achess.n/:R6peit •'. '•'*'¦'¦¦ SIoDon6ugh-,,fF.llen :
Bush,^Edward : .->f.-: ;•' I-':-. McGrynri. Su?an. . .
iJaHkwerth.- Srvin /¦ ;. '¦- Meyer. . John • : '• : '
t>emkftlnf. Theresa. •' Murphy, John H.
Ple<?fcitiann, -iiTini-e •.¦'•' Mlirphy, Margaret il
Dryfas, Theodore •' > : O'Rrrne. M'iehaet :
iPoHrti Richard «..'.. ¦fQuirk, WiUiam J. .
Gra'ff^'itary :A..: ¦ ' ' • ; : '-.Itqche^Mtchael. •¦
Hamer, '..Georirs. ~Bi-!'k -Sternitiky. ;• Bertha
:.-Jo.hn.sOrn, Jtelftn J. : : ."' • Stewart. John J.
Ken,aedy> : -JuJii- -¦ C'. : -.--Thu-.rston. : Nettle F.
Klda 1 *" George i^VV. : \- '*'/"¦ Weber. J..O.
-ivillTfey' Tj-nfanf):.-.- • : .- .Weis^ich, 1 Caroline.P.
:X*yy>; Walter Hi ': ••:¦' WintrlngliariT. ¦ T : hos.
ACHESbX"*In .'Aniews,.'-May 30. ISSO. Robert
: 'rAcBesi»h, a native -of Cork* Ireland,- aped 71.
¦;-ywtr»3 '¦'¦': ."¦¦¦'•.-¦'/ ' '.:??.'¦ ' : : ; - ;i"'. ' ¦ '-: : -- • : ¦' '
' .' .- [E7"Friehds ftnd -acquaintances are. resp?ct-.
¦ ¦:'-fuliy'-,tnvi;ted- Id- attend the- funeral- this: day
(Kri'Ia y t . ar S.-jb'cldc*.'-, f!">m the funeral; par-
•/lor5: : oi"-.'V < Vrter;..&. Whlte.-i;?2. Eddy street. • In-
y-t-ermeoit Masdiric Gesm^tery. - -. . .. ; " : j ! >V:'.' : ¦" • ¦
Bt'SH--3n : t>aKIa.nd.' c >iay : 29. 1500. . Eilward : X,
'iBu'sh';.'. brather/of Mra E\-a BusK; Jones of
¦ V.:Vaca:yJllp. Divid Bujshof Pan Francisco and
'•X George.' T- "¦¦ tiish Of' Berkeley..- a- native of.
•; Chiii raged S3 y^ansand.6 months. .-::.¦=-.
;'.':¦'' tdST'pUnerai :at ifa.rtine-2 ; this ifFriT:.
' : i:£avvi.p^iigrTiirtg;;At ll ;: o'cloc-li; '. ....-."i-.-Vr '.- •' : ' ; .
¦p-AXK>VEKTn4rn'-s Vthi5..::city. May 31, ;90»..;
¦'yKrv'o; ¦ youri«est afrcj dearly : beloved, son of
¦¦'fieijri* - : and '• M:art«:: Oank-R-erth. brother- of.
':•' Agnea^nd O«erge J.%rtkwcrth' Jr:.-a.ndprand-
:':'¦' tomiii Hr. crnd -Mr*;-: A.vVoh'Vyl. a: native, of
-¦..'¦Siiiv Francisco,- ased;. t^*o;l .rnonth and 20.
j^diys?:: : I. ..:.?y- : ' < : J •' ?' : : : . : '" .• ' v'--' : ' : ¦-.- : ¦ :
PE>I ARTIJf 1^-ilrv this ¦•: citv. May 3& T 1500/ The-.
> resa;. .dearly:- '•Beloved- wife o£ -the late : Joseph
and mqt%r-.ef-Mr^. Rps» Sbarboro
and?Mrs.- Vireihia i^ervfHl arid of Mr. AngeVj.
: V.Pete« : ahcf Jofjn-' Demartirii.' a. natlv.e-.of- Italy;
i £: jRKe4;:Sl years .:?' months' .arid If days,.''-' :
-':--' .JEf*Fr;ieiid« atid ftpi.u:Um-ances are... reBpeict-
'¦ fu[>y"inyiiedt--jq atieSil-the-'.fvinerali-to-mQrpow
: (Satutday^. St. : .10 O'.clock; fr«;.m' her : .Iate f;esl-
i.'tlenfee.s'.'o Un-lcn street, between Stockton and
:- DufiSnt. thence to : $£«. 'P«f»'t: -and. 'Paul's Ital-'
•.:':'.ian:.-Chvirch. -whpre. at'. W:3<) ¦o > clo;ck-a: solemn
:'-."requio'ra hig^^n-.a^S.wtll.be celebrated Jor the
'Wntxfie 'of: he*-. 6ou},:-.:thenc'e,.to -Kew- : Italian
¦ -Cetrrfiterj:;: •:•;.- :;••': ''}'"'. -.'¦¦ ¦ '¦'*:¦ ¦'¦>'¦; ¦'
blEUKilAKX-ln ' tKis ; cityi' 'MftV;:- 23', : WOO..
: Aprii^. diarJy.b*JoVe4 wife of Friedrick Dleck-
" raiaji-jx. belovied- rnbtlier' '~Qt . Annie :. Dieckminn,
• daugliter of Atin.'.* -ihcl.th* late: Frank Seherf.
:"¦ -ana -Sister at Krar.k; IJfr.ry; «u*sie. Mary-ana
¦ A.lei'ii'i-e 5*ch<?rf> a: ;^a.t.fve. .of Sanr ..FrfinclSc.o,
: a?ftj ; iti years and .5:.rii6Hths;, ' ¦: .'.:¦ '' : -. • *:¦_;:
"¦¦ (E^Frj^ndfj find •aequarntances pre: respect-
> ; fully iBv!ied : -l.o -atterril -.the: funeral -this day
".' (rrfday). at So'clbc*;. frt\hi ber late<residence.
Fan Bruno aVenue- and' T>xy!Kht street, thence
.to &ti Ahthcinj-'s Church,. Kolsom ;and Army
.:¦' Efreft-s.- *'here.. a . re^iu-lerh high rnatss will' be
'.'celtb^ateVJ for' .the of her ; : Soul, com-
C-'meiJtinsrifft ¦a'o'clocfc. ¦ Int*rmtnt Mount Cal-
: ;yary:-:.JCenrettrJM; : i'JC- '¦: ':': -•', =<• " \.\'A', :':¦;'•'.: '
I>RYi>'ti"S-In- thfs <ity. ; Mayot'i^.rTheodore.
is beloved busband. of Margariet-pryfu'sy a native
:¦. of France. «fe*fli. 63 J«ar» and 6 month.a
FOU;it«^in this city. -:May .3i,: l9CiO/. Richard
•'¦Hoid^n FolUs:; deafly :bejovpd father of Mrs>..
•y: Pa;61o de Vecehi a-nii . 'James. - Rlcliard, Lilian
•' . and iplarence yolliSi; a native 'af .Ireland, aged
, 73 ryears ani', 4 months.. :(New :: York papers
:', jjlrivse • ccipyl:) :.-¦ . ; ':. ; -'> i ;>•';•''.•• : '"'"¦¦". ' '¦'¦
¦¦ ¦'¦ $3?Xoi\ce pt ; fun?ral' hereafter.'- .-•¦¦. ¦:':.. '¦ '.'.';
:gra?f— in thi* city. ;.M.ay ••-»; ".ison-.: Mary A.
• :.Grii.ifi beloved «1£^ ir>f J. ¦ J, Uraff. and mother
': at " Justin and Giistave : Uraff ana Mrs. R.
• : Read?, • a . native ofM?-\ri't?p'riahd, aged. 66 years:
'• : ;(TBledo, <Jbtt>,'. papers -pjeasS. GopyiJ ,; • :-. "• ••'.••
-.: ; .-t^Tf ric-nd? and acquaintances.. are! respect*
: f.illv. invitwt :to. strend- the funeral this ; day
-¦¦ (Kiiday), a.-c -.3 o'clotk. : from the; :parlors of
jarhes Jla^iUii 445 Valeiioiia street.: -Interment
:¦! private, •HQly::Gr-O! !^' .C'enie.te.r> - . ' t'yk--' ¦¦'¦': :
HA3ifE ; R-In .¦'iftfaicttfcVsiay: 29. 1900,-; George H.
•.¦¦¦Ha-rn.er,' : a ft^tlvfr cif Baltimore. ;M3.', aged 75
': : }-e»r9;:. '¦¦¦.'¦¦ : i*-:"-- -.-(:¦' v v -"i- "¦¦:' | ¦•>: ? - ! i-.V ¦'¦ ¦ '¦ :¦
... (p^Frtendii Jand acaualritances are '¦ respect-
. fuily: Uiyitryi. ;ttj atifti'l tb»? ...furieral.. this: 'day
;( Friday), 'a't : .i::3 1 3_';>>'vl.'*ek.-'frcira the -parlor? -of
l'th;e : i>Vifof.nia ¦ VPAvxiakliifz -'¦. -CornpanyiV <05
; : 'P'owi;!- *Lr.eel'.:.heijf .P.o*t.:- intenneht itaiirel
¦ : n'mn<'^nvt«ry,\/:\-i.:'c '¦ ¦¦¦¦ ;i ¦ .«..•:,;•¦ :•;;;(.• : ;<
JOH.VS'QNVln • this ,<Itiv May ,20. JiSCO.i Heleh
' JtAnttte;- fc"0Qv.-,i v f ; i J :«roc>Fpe IX- Johnson,
: p v-i'her vof O^rtnse:-^*. :.afn'd- Willie ,.CJ Johnson.,;
i an4 ; lister o? : JIrs/ C*. : C.' Jaeger at^Ii ¦Ftank P.:
¦:;. i?erki : r-.s.r. ; a .-¦ -ijatiye : :ot. N'iles. >IicE(.^ • ased p.
" i-earr-6.-'.- •::• "¦¦ -.¦"¦ r'. r '.'-^ ; - • f -i ! : ,-': ">•«' i'V •••'••¦ ,-.:'' - ;
'. :" ffiiFivHend$'.ana ncquairitanees Are ''res&ect-'
• fitlly ".i-nvit*<iltp att»ri<:i the.furteral to-morrow.
».Savirflay/. ;a; : tf.c lock; '.from hep lat'e resi-
' <3^'Di?e : ,- I3S ; lfi;ekory,:.-as-enue, b^tweeti Oak and
: . Fje(T 1 *.-TrankJ6i;'a : nd P«u2ii. ; . Interment I. O.
:. Of-iJRiJ e«nietery- -;^!^^: ';¦' ¦:; .'i '¦ \ ti':-".;";' . .'.;'
ivENNJEDV— In thLs ; city. May 31. ilSO; Julia.
d-ea'rly;bel6te'd'wiiff;. Dfith-e late I'dtriik Ken-
• n^dy.:'a.nd mother hf :-John,: James. William,:
. Jirtj.4. Joseph and. ; jne lat? Thomas Kennedy,
W-natlvft . o'f ¦ lretstnd.i aged. '^3 years' 2 : montns
,:. arid: '••'li. (Iays> ;!'.'. .-' •¦-.: ¦;: : ?:-. :''\: j; ¦'
KlfctiftOY— At the , l>otrero, Slay 3lj 1900, in- :
toni-Fon of John and JDelia. K.l!lro>, a native
' (jf'Kan Fra.iicis«i. : " '¦ : . '' ¦¦¦.- ..'¦¦ , . .'
Kifi&rrlri thi?, dty,;; May 31/i I900,",p.eorjrt: W.; :
:' boated.- hUShandVof -Jennie £,.':¦ jCldd, : and
. father of : : J4mes -Rodney . Kiddi' .4 • native of
Philadelphia,-: ; . Pa.i: aced i 49 \ years and 3
'•¦"rn<bntns:\.,.;.: ; '.: '/.--¦;:/.•>. ?¦ ; '-^ ¦'¦ ' ¦ •' '-
LEVY- Enter»d .!nto/;.rest, ' lri : this city. . at his
r<?Fidence, .SifflJacic^on, street, Walter Iley-
dfDf?Wli beloved. husband of Bella G. Levy,
Hfijl - father flfAftnftte .A, and. Walter H.
Xev-y Jr ( ».nativ» of Georgia, .agred 46 years
4 months and: 27 days.?. (Augustav/Ga., rjapers
please top.y.). ':;•'../: '¦*•¦¦. . ¦? • "•". . •..:•; .;
• • '.-(E^xmipe^o.f fnnefai; hereafter. 'i','- '
McfoON-QUGfe^In this cit>v :May :30., 1300, Ellen,
¦ 'beloved! U'ifc ol l*et«r McDonoiigh,: and mother
¦ ;ot Edward P^ Xellle G.. : Thcmas. P. and John
• ; J:; MCDonough.'. [¦a."- native jof; the parish ' of
' Tuan. MiUtpw.n,.; Jrelahd, ¦: aeed :-, .50 years 2
ijrj.»>rithK and 20 -days; '-; . . ¦'¦ , Z -..•:- -. - .. ' ¦
HC^FH'eiids ¦and.-acflualntancea kre respect'-
fftliy latwA to. :a^terid th« : tari&fal this, day
(F'fiday). ftt\ S:30;p:'clpcm -from her late- fesl^
dsti-ce. IIS' Dorland streejti thence, to Mission
Dolores' Church, -wh-epe a ; requiem ¦ hish . mass
will-: be celebrated ¦ for- th<-.Tepose.,.'<rf.h«r soul,
cdmtnericlhir "at" >."'o' clock.-; Inrteruient . Holy
; Crbss • C.emeteryV.by jc&rriase; \:'\.- ''.' : -. : :•;• : .' :
McGLTN^ 1^' this -;*Ky.: :Ma>v .3O.':;rljo6^ SiAani
•¦bieJoTdd. 1 - Wlfe-'Olf-.:.tj>e- lite :J!ohri : Mc£»lyn'n.
ivJ-fhtr'- o-f :;-;jfavmpsi4 .and:-. Atjeen: -McGlyrin.
¦ ;aiid-. daueh«er :of 'Hcrnard- *rici: Annfe'Rellly^
• :al'.Tiatiy-e of San' .I"rarir.!^n ; agii&Zl. yea-rs and
;ii; month, ;-:i '; '•;.'. : -\.-.j -|: -,.; : : :;.:"';. ; :'. ¦ . ; ,,v---
; ilE^Frleiidj :and';:aeguaintan^^.-.-alre Tefipect-
' fjjfl.y lm r ited:"to fttt<^d .the Jtunerai/to-irnorrdw
(' Saturday!) , jit.- iO-iJer^o'cioek, ¦ from" .-lief. late
:rJM»tilonce.' ;Sl:i : Treat :?a-venue, vtijence; to. : Bt.-
¦ I?*l^r'8 -CUarcrr. .Aiato.Srna * : treeti=:far; .service*!
3a<.- ; .Hp«'nt::JH«iy iCpo** Geniete?j\O ••¦-,> •;.: - ,-•; -
MittKU^-In/ttfisClt^rMsty 2?.19(iO;?J^n Meyer.
b.MLJanl ojr-;(5ern^iC,jrv «ee4 60h ywrs/. -. : v'--;
' ::t?" Friends ¦and'.'.aW'nftjntancei-.ara uesrieti'
tftljjr ."invited -W a.tt*rt!l -the. fnnieraivto.rnorrow
t^iHny). «t. Jv'..o"pl:ocTf. trorft : ;t»i«;ra:i>tors : .uf
i{3;e. 1 <C-airfornla j- .CRderliiklnE ;;Qctrriparty.-.- : 4C'5
¦ r'.v-Vf !U-strc*t.--..n*aV -:t»p$t.V lnt;e"rhient Lau'rei
.'Hit <i<mtetec3c.. h;,-:r:.V.: ; %!'::::;". !,^i
! Mi:«PHY-rJiT : 'tW«:i:}ty;. May ;i ??i-:;1500/."J6-hTt
KlW!T}-.'- ;; b*l»ved sop Qf;.-Tb©!iln:s :bnd : thS-- Jjite
I • <?a : t'jierine MJirr*j-'. i: :i-id-. brdtij'qrrpf WJfllfarH.
¦ XABsyV-'Btila. A«gi?,».'".t -:**rarikt(? Murrhy.. A
' j>^vt>«^;«an' Ff an.cj.gcq,
• ¦ "nionthsi :>¦.''.•¦ . jr 1-j'j V Siv : :, r- |i "V s v-'. '?•' ;¦'¦¦ ¦•¦¦ "¦:
¦ • • L : ii?'FrJeaas' an r Tj:»acai?ain.{^nc«,. ; afe; .r<spSct'-
. : iftitfy ; ifivite^ to'.att/snd jthe; funefij ibis day
!rt"?rldi9,yo'.. : :-at:>;3C.;:j ; |-Hkik. .-tro-m '.Iita;- Uite: 'r*^--
i safeiice.: -3**; Jilnd^fii : jaijerm^ !th¥n^e"lo Sacred
v- H«4rt i-CJi.iircH.N'fqrwr, rai ; ;UTad: Iffllrndte
• e<reets;l : far;:8e.^»:ejf s;t-
* : >tJi$iy eTat-pi'.CemKievy,.. ::¦¦•¦ -V-. i *;-.• ; j ;;:- • ¦;:.
' : «feRt'H'iE4*in--tWK?ft^: Ma y'3i; : iitf, ilargarkt
' '•#:: 'MutT>fi**'--a ¦nsttlve-'Of:: Irejandi rv.:.s; -. . :.s.y i '
¦ O : iitRlNB4^ / < )a W Sa^-:- !M <y >; -^; ifSWJi-jMicliaei.-
: -=b«tpveca-fiijeba.nd:;:rif : Manh* .O'Rrtae. tjrbthsr''
¦ ¦ •:p£"-.:w;{lH'AW 1 : .O I .Bttn? -ajnA Mn; 'MUry- Quite? .
¦ !^rt-.-broth$r*ln-J*w: . qf . : Them-a^: .Mfchiin land
iffd-wkM f-ircGlau^hiliiJ :ar. native -yo? 5 EifrHew-s'
; • J?a!«, Vl, . * & years 19 mpotfes And 5*
¦ hi- Ear'iFrleitffi'. arjdi .kcxS'jilntiade^! ij-e 'Vifsiiect-
i ¦ !SFuW :? trifVJit|dta ; iatJteArdyth« futterai; ithlsiflWy'
¦ Jt^ria«yB:#3L '.:?:?».: o--clack:.: f rom...h-Ki;;l.a:t>. ..resi- ,
" <'ij^i?te. 'SsrSedar-irtlreet. thence .to St. ! Patrick's
•jJCMcfellj «S}tre.:t!H-r?a>fieta-:ma*s;.\yJll; b? celt 1 --
- iSjrattsJ^.-f'iiVii'i'" \r^p;:^. o^ tii-s SOU'li - tcoirimehc-
ifiwr utiO o-^locW..;rl:i's«'rWeiH S.t.;-:^aty: B ,Ceme--
' ;S«Cir.<t>«*T*nd o f.;;' : ;.^: ;;.•:;,' ••:;= -:¦.--...•:.,
: QteiR.i£4n.:Un!s pitv. -Vay -ii. i900;..Will£an> 'J..'
fptot^JtfMbe* .<lf -.Diii'aietiJ^.QUrrks ra-inaOve
] iW-Caur>ty., £&i )c,. ilretknd, : ;*ge*':34 yisars : a.^d
: iJ:-rnentHi. ; ..-i i : '*£¦• ' : '. 1 : - ' -* r - ••*!-*.•;•'¦•. ' '=r :"¦.-..'
: Bit8ft£&?^S;V Jth>" ¦ 3^*y . ff f - I9OO4: Mlc5a>l
MARHIED.
REPP-rQOEPEI^In ¦ this -5cits| : May-. 26. .1900.
.: by the:Re\\:Jr. M. Ctietiler, Walter Bepp and
¦Bejrth»r Goejel:.'.- ' ..- : ¦'¦¦ ;'¦ ¦ -.'-
ZV.nREEL.E-^GApiX(5^In: : New. York City.
•••'SMayjSg. 1900. %y ':: the -Ref:.' William Keepchen,
¦-Jiastcj* -: pf SU: Luke's .'Uuiherai
. -l-Ch-u'roh; 'William ZUdreele oftXew York City
.';. and: Amelia: «3a<'|inir: 'pf; Mount Eden.. Cat. -': .
BlRIHS^MiERIiGES-DEATHS.
. .Birth;, niarrla**'; and death -liotlces : cent by
toail sv-llt.npt'.be Jnferted.LThey must- b?- handed
iin-.at either .Qtthe .Duplication : ;offlcef:. and be
;ijidorsedV-\vUh : tlje'- "nan» and; residence of per-
BOns aiuthorited to- hai'^' the., same published. :
;-f:'i;\.4|-;- : ::;: ; i r ;-BQB^f;-. :^r'"ii;. : . ¦;
¦HEXNlXPS-In • Oaklartd^, ¦ >Iay.-. 29. •¦ 1900, • to ; the
i«:ife.pf H.IIenplnes.' a. daughter. ¦'.':' i
SCHAE3F"ER— ilnathisiity, Mit 29. 19M, to the
¦ .wife -.of . Joe SetiMferv a i'.daiighter. ; ''. • . ¦",¦
¦•CTIIBM PACIFIC COItPABT.
(NCinasTSTXX.) ¦
Trains !•«»»• »¦•* »r» *iu* (• «rrl»« •!
• an ru.4!<ciM«:o.
{a»in Una. Foot of Market 3u:et )
lxat» — ntoM Mat U 1900. — A»arra
•7:00a B«n!civ SuUan. Kxaln. VaeaTffi*.
BnmK; »nd a«etamento # 7jI3j>
•7:OOa Shut» Exprew— D»tsj. Williams ((or
Bartlett Springs). Willows. Kid
Bluff. Portl»nd» "Tttajr
•?:30a Martiuez, Saa (Union, Valleja N»pa. ,
O»U«toja»naS»nU Row MilS*
•S:OOa IHtU. Woodland. KaijhU Landing.
Mkrinilio. Orotlii* *7s«9y
• %:OU» Atlantic Ezpre*»— Ogdea and Ka«t *11:43a
•»:'4i»» Smn Jose. Liietonorr. 8toektou.
Ion«. S»et>meoto. Plseerrlll*.
Ma»s*B)«, Chfeo. U*d niuff Mil9|
•S:30a OAkdile. CUacM (for Ycaemita).
' goaora, C»rten. *4:t3r
•9:OO* HiT»»rJ«. Nile* *nd Wa» Stetiona. *1 1 : •*»
•9:»»A Lo« Angalea lUprwa — M»r-iu«.
Tner. Latatop. atocitoa, Msreed
and Freiao *0:43r
•!»:»•»* Va'.lr •¦:>. Mirtinci au.l ITay SUtloat *o: fir
•!«:«•* The Orerlmod Umit«d— Ozdea. Dm-
., ¦ Ter. Umiov Chica<-x. # 3:l1»
• lhOOt KUm. Lif ninor*. Stockton. Saerk-
mnitc. Mandate, llanfoid. VUalla,
- •; rortervlll* M:l3f
•l2:0«w Hajwuda, N!1m »nd Way Station!. "*¦¦ **r
tl:OOp Sacramento Uirec 3:e*n«>r« t3:4>OA
•:i:OOr Hajwarda. Nil's ami War Station*. *9i4iar
•4:««r Martlnex. San lUaon, VaU«Jo,
Napa, Callatoga. Sar.ta Roaa **tlSa
•<sO»r Bsnicia. Winter*. gMraaaiMo.
Woodland. KnlkhU Laadiuj.
MarriTill*. Orniiiia *l*<4la
•4:3*rNlln. 8aaJot«andStoc«to> *7itSv
•3>0OrTh« Owl Umlted— Tri^». Trwno.
BakanSeld. Saucua far Santa Bu-
bara. Lea Antelta. # »i45*
•3:00r Freiuo PaasenjeT— Martiaez, Lath-
rop. Btocttnn. Uerc«<l, Barend*
(Raymond for To«emi»e). itwuo.MJiUf
*S:ZOr Kew Jileanf Eipreaa— U»k«»fi»ltl.
Santa Barbara. I.oa Augelcs. Daaa-
Ing. Kl Paao. Naw Orleaaa aad
EMt •»!«•*
¦3>I0r SauU V* ltoiit*-At!aalla Exprtu
for Mo]aT« »n.l K«t *«|43?
•St*0p Hayward*. Nilaa and Man Jdt »7i 1.1 *
(«:O«r Vallejo *!»«!¦»
•«i«ur Oriental Miil-Ozien. Cbejenc*.
Orr.aha. Chic«io ~ •Il«4l4
•«:00p Oriental Mail-Ofdea. D«mt er.
Omaha. Caiieaxa. MilSf
17i«0r Tallcja. Port Coata and Way Hta-
tiona. i X»J3 F
*S:«3r Oregon aad Ca!i'ort;Ja rjipren.Raa-
ivnintu, Mujni::.. Ue.l.liiig.
ruitlmu.l. Tmet >iotn.il an<l Kaa> *1;1»1
CUiST IHYIMON -NariotT «.«»<•).
, ( Fo«» r.t Market SUw>.>
17:43* BanU Cruz Ezcuiiion fo» SanU
Ouz acd i'rinoiy*! Wa; Sutlona }S:4>3r
•Sil3» Nanarlc.t'<:i:«r ii.'.-,?*!i .!('.«», Fcl'on.
Boul'lurCrFek.SsnUCruzaad Way
sueioiiit ••«»•»
t3:l3p Newark, CeoterTille. San Jcs« Naw
Almailan. ftlton. ItxnMer Creek.
«uu C'rui and 1'rindpal Way
StaMoua t>»:3*a
•Ixl.ip Newark. .Sai» .Joa«. f «• Catoi •«:»•*
q4:!3r Glen wood. Feltoo. .' <ata Crui «a)-a»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rriaSil mSCUCO— 7«t •' Kirk it Strut (iri» I)—
•7:15 «0O UOOi.M. JK3 *233 X3:53
•1:C3 t3:3 ( I.Br.«.
fnaiOiXUJS— rnt«'Jt..i..T.— "«:00 800 10.00 t.M.
t»X3 »1:33 13 S3 ''T.ii tt:33 'r.Mr.M.
COAST III VISION il'.rua.l iau««J.
(Thlr.l .-.nd ro.»n«e»ul St^>
t*:lo\ <>c-iii View. rt<»r.h Sm Kraociteo.. t«i4»»
t7:OOA San .l"«u J.1.1 Way HUtlotm (New
Al.na.ln. \V»ln*ada;a only). *l:3»r
IT: J»» Sunday Ezcunion f r Saa Joae,
8aota Cniz. Pacilic Gro»* aad
Principal V.'ay Stations JS:33»
•9lOO« Km .!.,».,. Tt« l"i.»*. n.ntl CrtlZ.
Paeilie Uiot*. I'aao Kohle*. Svn
l.iiU O1.Is|m>, Surf. Lotrpoo anil
ruiielr»l W«y Statioua *J:IOp
•lo:l»» Saa J»m awl Way Station* *«:23«
•llt:ii»» .SanJo«e,Loaf:aU»»ritl\Vs;.SUMoiia *3::tOp
t"4: l.ip San Mat»n. I'.-lwi-o 1. Menlo Park.
Pilo Alto, -iti:»1'Ui«. Mass ' «e.
Trea Piao*. Santa i;t<i*. SaMnaa,
Montereyai.il l'aeilte Ornfa »l»::t«%
t^:»nr Saa Joaeaii'i Way Stations *7:3nr
t-i:l-1r Trindpal WayStatlont *9:4V«
t5:O«r 3ati .low. Vos Gatoa and Prindprnl
WaydtAtiora ?•:O»»
•*.::ili? San .l«a« an-1 Prineinal Way Station* t*:33a
•«:.1Wr San Jose auH W«yStatio»a t*iO«A
»ll:l.tr San Jna»ati-t W»y «j>»tinna *7:3l»F
A lor MoiriTb. ( P f or A f ternnon.
•Daily. f H:h..1»t *»c»rted- J. Sunday only
t Matnrday inly.
a Saturday aad S-ndaT. c Sunday aad Monday.
i
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
iTie followins: marrlaee licenses were issued
yesterday; ;;':.-•• ''.-'.¦¦¦ '.¦
'¦ .- Vict-or' taborle, '25, 639. Pine street, and Mar-,
the'r Dottterjrue. 22. ISlVJackson street. ¦-•
: Edward. W. Lalne. 25,-.ip01 Sutler Ftreet. and
Florence A. Naw*l,:"21 f 1-531 Sutter street.' •
• George' i W.Mrapilari.:21.-?295 Fifteenth street,
and grille A. WeOoy.'tl, 22 Alvarado street.
s Frank BaiTa, S3. Fresno, and Francisca Fozzl.
'55,- 423H rQreen Btrpet.!"' >• ¦ : .-:
Vincrnzo Lavasnlno. -38. 60? Greenwich street.
ana'Tepeia FerettU 23, 607 "Greenwich street.- >
Herman Ni Butler.. -.27. Kew Tork C«y. and
Mabel. G; : - Afon-Sbn. ,21;: r citF.-'-. . •':¦'. ': '• ¦
• AhsUn^l- Jensen. 29:. : iU5 Market stri?et, and
Ed«a Vfek.U, 44 Tbinl street.-. ¦¦,¦¦'." ¦ "
; William H. narrj-, Ifij 403 Third street, and
MRy R:- Mcrtal:M.;5, 356:.Je5sle street; -;
¦ ¦ Richard J. H. Coppin.- 43, 513: North iWHlard
et'rpet'.i.Riia. Sarah. -L. C'cchran, .45." 2763; Goldea
Gate aveliue. •:.' ." : .;. : '.:. ; :-,', -/.?:«• '¦¦•'. '¦ ' '¦
HiiEh-:K. Heriot. S2,= Oakland, and Amelia
Hn-ier.' ?3. 910 Ja'okpojj • street. -.:¦ ; jm-f
•¦ Otto Jl-: Weilbacher, /.3T, c;ity. and ¦ Bfrtha. E.
MfVhrludiEr. 31. city. '.-.'- -: - •¦. "¦'¦. '' \ • ¦ '¦¦ ' " :
¦' j^sfrth •Hearn.Mo, BenJcla, alia Johanna F.
"KuffneT: ; ? 14. .city.' ¦ ' \\i ¦'¦.:. "¦ •-: • " : V'.\. ' '''
'.: Olaf I-rtJlgestad^ 26, city, "and Emma L. Klrrt,
23,= Ferfidale. : . •¦ :- ¦¦"¦ ¦ '; '.¦-¦•¦¦;-' ' '" ' : - -
.- Charles-; O. Barlow, i.1£ city,- and 'MaryX*weJ-
¦¦len;-'«.:cityv :=;';: ..-' "" '¦}: : ¦¦'¦¦'.
¦'¦'. ,Herir>viE.'Nolart;-"80 1 'Z2gt4 -.Eighth street, apd
TA-lerleDupont.- 35-, : 22SJA. Eighth streetv: ¦••..-
:. -Charles; G. Sirrirjions, :- 33, :153S: Market street,
and Mattrte Al. ¦ -WTlsori, 21: Portland; Or."
BAZZtBOAD TRAVEL*
Roche, brother of Denis D. *nd ; PhiUp A.
Roche Mrs. Michael Curtln. Mrs^ J. Roche,
Mm . Lilirgarl and Mrs Rider, a native of
•the rarish of Brosnia, County Kerry, Ire-
land, aeed 56 years. ¦ '•¦ .
C5" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Fridav) at 0:45 o'clock', from the. parlors or
J V O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission: street,
thence to St. Patrick's. Church fojrsen-ic«.
commencing at • 10 o'clock. :lntermtnt Holy
Croes Cemeterv. ¦' . '. :-. . '¦¦¦ .-,
STEKXITZKY— In this city,' May 29. 1900. Ber-
¦ tha beloved wife of Reinhold Sternltzky. and
mother Of Anna, Rabert. Richard, Robert F.
Jr and the late Marie and Willie Sternluky.
a native of Kreuzberc Ober.. Schleslen. Ger-
many, ased 71 years 10 months and 3 flays. ¦
CTFrlends and acnuaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
¦ (Friday) at 2 o'clock; from ner. late ' tesl- .
dence 201-Charter Oak avenue,. corner Augus r
ta street, near Silver avenue. Interment. Ma-
sonic Cemetery. • '¦ * : ¦• . •¦
STEWART— In Oakland. May. 30. 1900. John J.,
beloved husband of . Catherine E..- Stewart, a
: native of Prince Edward Island, aged 49
years' A member of Oakland Camp Xo. .94,
Woodmen: of. the Wprld,: and fountain Lodge
NOi 19?. -I. O. O. F. ¦'.." • : ¦ . ¦¦/: -. :
THtJRSTON— May 8Q, 1900. Xettle .Florence
Thpretoh. beloved sister of Magsl? Thurs-
ton. aeed 44: years. . . . . . ¦ ¦
• CTFuneral at the reslden.ee of her sister..
Sin Leahdro. this 'day (Friday), at . 1:39
.o'clock..' -. : ¦ :•;:'¦•¦-.•
WEBER*In this city, May ;2J, 1S00. J; D.
¦ 'U'^ber beloved brother of Fred-Gerdes sind
Henry and George Weber, a native' of Olden-
burg. Germany, aged 49 years and 6 months.
O"F-riends and- acquaintances- are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors, of
H F Suhr & Go.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh; and Eighth. Interment Laurel HH1
- Cemetery;'. '. :¦':' .'¦ ¦''¦.'¦'•¦:¦ • .
WEiSSIdJK^-In this city, May 30. 1M0, Caroline
¦P Wcissich.' widow, of the late W. O. Weis-
: sich and beloved ; -mother, of iMrs. Theo-
Dterks Mrs. Clemens Eschmann and Julia
D. and William O. WeissicK, a native of
Mteden. Westphalia. Germany. a$ed 66 years
1 month and '28 -days. ' ' ,
. rfy Friends and' acquaintances are respect-
fujlv invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday'), at 10 o'clock, from- her late resi-
dence : 121S : Buchanan street; between . Eddy
and EI11& ¦ Iriterment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
: tery by : tarrlaees. .; . - .-:.-: : : '.-.. •
WlXTRIXGHAM—In'San Rafke].- May 3V.1W0.
Thomas Wintringham, a native of New York.
aped E4 years. : • '• • ¦; ¦ -
tr^TUe. ; funeral services will Jake place
at his Jate residence In San Rafael to-morrow
(Saturday) morninij. at 10:15 o'clock. Inter-
.- rAent private. It is requested, that no flowers
¦' be sent:,". ¦ : --.'' .-.- ' • ' '.' " ¦
w Bojyy utul: $1. UU JJul I odl
yoi[jTi-l"p!L|; pi^ioilAGy;
¦;:The .grbpery ¦ '.tnarj 1 - oji the;; c<Jxher teiateij:
:'t3iafi' oa'u.pfe <>f : Kl«ys;as«..'a i|iittr'e : jelr] -ertij
teredS M*^ timfily Mtiytug;
d^vi^-a.cltiiiB itsK^ f^r |M jceRt^y^rprth';^:
'sprbf! bfifi'J.Wheiv'J}.* pottr«s.: hamx.v. r ¦:.¦:; If-
il Th«;grec«->-;.mai^ proc«ea«^l :to:9lg ; diiit:
y^onii?^ of -ills: .stpqkl :.wher|.';tfi-#=:nt?Ie;.
>1ftt*'rftos^4''*'"'-"'\ ; "i*-" s ' '*''•'('?' ••.'"¦'=¦>.' : :-""¦ ; : '¦ . J '=! ;
h : "l3eb't >#•>!«" 't"? %&*¦ W^f^'.iCfiy^meicafr
j" : "Uiit r V:ltll6trsiiU %hesfi;-,.yi«^ .tot.pZpxi"
ithel-eroceSTn rnatj ; rernarked. jj. .; '^i\ \ : , . ¦ •;. ,L
ij "t; fenow./' explaWe4 - t?»e - [ U)btI« : ffti1..r*.'bM;t'
isvljfen: I-^' t«fJt<i ! ;toj pajsai H«Ut r jusf: fcisra
:fiieistift*<as iUiiic;-f);ausfe f . suciv'-pti'seri^
; '.er.o.(i$; little- girl -hei'U':giVe;;;tije.m ;«H i.baclt ;
/to ¦.ifrie. .-S(j : ybti'Sjlietterj s feh-» ; ;ma ¦'.caifir:
"m^a^-^aten3Bhts;:^clniktar4: : ;-;:v ; . : ;.v !'.m='Lectured on Trusts.
G. B. Bcnham lectured last night at the
Academy of Sciences Hall ori "Trusts—
Their Economic and Moral Influence."
The lecture was under * the 'auspices of
Section San Francisco of the Social I,abor
party. • : „ •
Loveland Presented With a : . Watch;
The Associated Wholesalo Grocers of
California, through! a committee; yester
day presented H. ID. ' Ixivebind." their re
tiring general manager, with a J300'watch:
In a complimentary raddress it was said
vhat his retirement .was accepted with
profound regret and that he had "given
complete satisfaction. •
Ladies' tailor-made 'suits. Fillc : f>kirt«, : ..fur
capes: liberal credit. -M. Rothschlia, 326 Sutt«r.*
Free Day at Hopkins institute.
The Mark Hopkins Institute of Art will
be open, to the .public to-day.' free of
charge, from- Jr. a; ti}. to 5 p. • m ... and
In the evening from! 7:30 till 10.- .The cele
brated, painting of :'.'Farragut Passing the-
Forts, at New Orleans" by M. -F. H. de
H3AF. which has been-recently" : presehted
lo ih" 1 institute -by the heirs of ' the" late
Jacob C Johnson; will.be'on exhibition."
Toj-day is speciaT pale day at Marks
Bro>?. DO dozen ladies' wrappers: Colors
navy blue, black. • white and cardinal
Regular price $1; On sale to-day at 69
cents each. 3212-3214 Market street, be
tween Taylor. and Jones. ' - •. ¦
NAVAL OFFICER WILL ;
WED A LOCAL BELLE
Lieutenant Commander Nicholson and
Miss Elizabeth Code Will Be .;
• <\] Married To-Morrow. ; . : .
Lieutenant Commander Reginald F.
Xich.olson of the. torpedo-boat destroyer
Farrhgnt and Miss Elisabeth Code will be
married to-morrow afternoon at 4 o'clock
5JT t t^ e i residence of the bride's: parents,
1*75 Valencia street. ¦ . •
¦n?*)? *>rlde-to-b« is a daughter of Philip
D. Code, president of the Code-Port wood
Canning Company. Rev. E. B. Church
v.ill officiate and the wedding will be
strictly a home affair. •
Immediately after the -wedding Lieuten
ant Commander Nicholson and his bride
will leave for Seattle, he having been
ordered there to take charge of the. tor
pedo-boat destroyer. Goldsborough on it?
trlali- trip. . /. ; ¦ • - ...
Captain Bartlett, Like Joshua, Bade.
= " ;I^|e Sim- '¦$&*§ '$$':$$*/$& .P
Ssluted the G^aeral Wed- -
/ > u£sday Evening,
j visiltiVic jo-g-K iij;t<i .thl-!s;&dwtftt-y.;y ; i".H-*¥^air.
i: i v ¦iS ; -m<->r c -.i ilah- jVr^it til^v it : :^e Wgfc\
iliii'tK > ' : Al»«ii '¦•>'•»¦ I'l-sitisV-lip^W fiq^' -Vong • ft;
;.}:i-.'i-.t . it: :i;Kty;'bt 1 .:.iht.i : w'«'v-jr, ¦' >tiai;. ..the
i'ct>jr.fjo-n V* : .atf;.nrn2yi-vyTtcer : 11i ihte : ;I^lHn-.,
•¦ piiifK-a* ;i diifiilVy-;biriiac.!Pi: and- io ithac^as^.;
i ii' Se-.'run :ovyr. "i'.riVe'" hi !5VHi; : bv, lelt^»i.any : .
iirtiy. ;•¦ So tfto;i3r6i»l^m'jV>f;.the: : -. -^'ehiiriii's.:
; logifti.v:.y ¦%¦:¦, '¦)¦.,
'¦ "xiaisajr,: AJiii's>; = iiid- -trt -;Ui-iit;ra| : :;-Shaf ter, -,
rali«is.i oh\tJc:Kpr.tl-JC)t-A ; rrroiiv.tft«f\^pK
.-¦i iu'ij. •. . iii av = m£irrfin«v .^Captain' 3a&rse:-|
; ,>-,4'iii;. : <,'.;t-i-cTa.r" i .^h : ;ii:J;tT'S <.-u»nplimems;j
h'rAalri- in Wi^cayi-aji^ti^jeplyii^asUhilt;
t) 1 :-: t ;eii:. ! :aMs:g.-::iifi,j:v l v:;:;a^ Hooh.afc.he 1
¦ij-jus- • oefTi. • r-fjtias-oii - ix&m- •; ; qua ra^tme.;' lie
' Kid v no-t eniiic';i<j\Xne vfty '¦'** : aii;;:fiu"tr vn\y\ ;
iraiii-pori .-fo- ..-tue: .ifafy^onJl-.tn^^^aJSjtufjuy
jirolC" - • "¦'¦¦""- '* "• •'*.'- Sr x '.- • ' '¦ ' *" S*ir* ".*¦ • .-.¦ * * •¦;
: ciecoral OtM^s feipljn^ w«-ll ah? Is xnUch.
rcs-teo L'Y uifcsc'a yoyiit-^. ': ile-Js Uwriiier
Uiin. wtW-hSiwrch.t ".•<*»; the tslur.dsv ¦ but
iii»4dr Artuiir, tthp. \v'nil« «i commaua t>r
f U>e hostmai' sh/p -Missouri, saw .much ot .
I UK-"- gentrrai-lh- tne Pliiiivi'ines.: saysj-he 13
! lov;kii:g'niU!Mi ; better ...ilisii 'Ahen lie waa In.
.a6Vartlrc : :oriiy honor^done Oenerai:Otis
1 wu« hi? Salute- of ..thirteen gxins flred on ¦,
i iy«dne$iay,:«ve|nlng ju« as the feteameij.1
i>asi-^d isi- - "¦ It was cy. ii "toil of shrewanees 1
iJir' : lhc part of tho oorriTnundanl of Alca- :
Vi.az that -this -was m;i;8e possible, for it
vas afitr sunsi't ttrhtH the vessel pas.«ed
iKv -it-laud and r<:guliiu.i)ns say "No faiute
afier li vmis aot olrtcial sunset,
bpvre«-er. -until r<>tr-?a f has sounded, so
t:iJ-:iRg a leaf from Joshua s tactics. Cap-.
¦ti!\n iiartlc-tt !>ade the. pun stand siMl un
iii the salute had bepri. tired. When the
bti£lei\ svars ready to pipe up for n-treat
thi- Jfeie %a5 clos-o' to the island • and
tki'tain Bartlett ordered him to be Bileht.
HaviUNT lK*en ordered t« remain silent the
j-l-'BRlor could not blow,' and no. retreat no
Sunset'' (or Aloatraz and the commandant
wai! afoul of n>) re/rulation when, he let
tHe/guns go-Jn henof of the general coin*
5n«: Hcrrac. Then, when the tnlrteen guM
"had thundered their riotous, welcome and
; the Meade had answered, the bugler went
i aiiead and the Qag-oVer the island Hut
! t^-rc-d down:. , Captain Bartlett had tllched
1 ton.- minutes frum bid- Sol ajid had done
(the right thing -with-- them. . ; .
I Should General Otis land in this city he
itviil be accorded full; military honors, a
i term ycrnp^hat circuihFcribed in m'eanlng
.in l.thiB Apartment just now.. for the full-
Vst ; honors available are not near what.a
¦rhajor general i;» en-titled to. His escort
is an army;, but he. -will get but two bat
1 cries of artillery, one light and .one' heavy,
j -ind that wilt have ttido: There are no
! more; troops here... :\Vhat it lacks in
i numbers. Vrnywever.: will be made-up In
j tordiality, for dcrptt-j! the critiefsms that
"-have beeri, passed uiii?n him by civilians
lend YolurfletnSi to. regular army. officers
;} «i has always been a man e&ttueCratf all
V their respect and estpeni... : ¦¦ : --: '•:•:¦.: .".•;-.:,
{¦¦' t)r. Kinyfiiun. the quarantine <)fflcer. has
} lissured the -Army; 'jFJepartmcn.t that as
t.^oon as possible General Otis- will-be al
\ lowed to \&rA and this is all -tnat AVash-
I ington is a>kiHK on I'JLs behalf. That the
; irenerail has not fceeh! in ; personal -contact
: y.ith any Of the casts-on board -means that
\ij& will -eret away that: much the -sooner.
j. Nor v/ill the military honors shown the
¦general; If he should land here^be the
;!only <mi?s, Colonel-George If: ' Pippy of
'.the Union Leajrue.^Htib culled 6n General
! Fhafter y«-sterday..aiVi.o:n behalf of tlie
club he to tender "a
;.rc'ceptJo.n.:to;. General Otis on Saturday
j t-ventnp. • AVhen it "was learned that It
, ;»-as hardly possible the ship would be out
! of quarnntlne by that time th*> time was
pset .far Monday frveolng and the tender
1 was Bia'l<vv; ; No reply has as. yet been re
[•celved. but'in view of the haste of Gen
"feral Qtis: It - is not :probable he will ac
cept/ :'¦;¦: ¦¦ = • .-• ¦ :.
1 After J>*-lnRr reJeap^d from quarantine
Oeneral Otis probably will gro direct to
I Wafhinerton, and from there to Roch
|>Fter. N. Y., In time: to be preseht at the
I demonstration being arranged in his
j honor by the citizens of that place for
t June 15. The general -will be given an
I -extended leave of absence by the \Var
j Department, and when he has thor
oughly recuperated from the prostrating
labors of his position in the Philippines he
i will, it is expected,: be assigned to the
command of the Department of the
; Lakes, with headquarters at Chicago
The War Department has ordered
I three full battalions of troops and .light
! battery to Rochester, N. Y., to particl
pate on June 15 in the reception to Gen
! oral Otis. :.
The- three cases of smallpox on board
i the transport were contracted In Naera
! s-aki. One is Chnrlcs A. Warren, a 16
i year-old drummer boy of the Maiine
i Corps. Another is John K. Martin a
¦ quartermaster's mule driver, and the third
la I>eo M. I^awlor. a "deported hobo," as
; he is described to Dr. Kinyoun. They got
.ashore at Nagasaki and were nearly left
I there. General Otis says he Is sorry now
j that they were hunted up.
MASS-MEETING
FOR RELIEF OF
STARVING INDIA
PromiDent Git : 33ns- to Make
Appeal ior famine
Safierers. ' - " -
Obt?:t€d— Financial Aid .
: itc:r.-Ar^'r('}U:i f:^'v r.-ilt }'v':l:r><1;,' ; t(i:-iT>Drr<jV'
* ¦•,•¦ ntve : l^|)f-:it§e- «t^lft^e?SoJ^h1i*9i!-"«?
;].. •? UrIou ='.idiJ ; t-thjei- • jt-hsrni-/
mprrilirr:: rf ¦•¦':•;* ;>!!-.>rori;il ¦V'n'.v.iJ'C'rtrri.-.
n-.:i tie «¦¦¦¦. ¦•¦¦.¦:, h'- ¦>.¦;:> ¦•.<¦». >¦¦»>¦': • . ••/>W-... :( '-i - tj 
: /v.r-' •;.-¦ lli-i*. r: ; >'.'. i:-«v:..!-. K*rv.- W' ;
¦^ V&i *!¦• -ir<l. K-v ; .%: ; 5;. Wrier:; Kev: ;
: J,:*:n ¦jC:fU-v-'»'-h.aj-. J -a;;-t;;:Mi:Ir.'.-jtP*" l^V.-'Mr.':
<"!v( H::^i' ; r! R-vy-' r'liUlj* . : i;oom1j«\;;Iiev. : . 1 J. :
-w;-:<.n V^»V: Atirlx';;.:- The.
\. rafr<-xinp is: eiili*& ;i3'.ro>-po:x?e:ia lit-? ;/::]-
Vlov.-irj; iijvItati.t'A.; vi>i"cft;' « as sreiJt v.u( ' rlst ;
V. a r*- ' .--rW - •¦¦n: Hie* V.f ;-.hfr : unl?jD<3 pay-
: 'tcri> -Cf rr.-r.'." •'¦:»::»¦:-! ; vu'lrllty.' jheaptSCt&Ur
j. : i .iii ii ' iij 'lwnJ.ti'Ji' J^j" Wriojn ijs in .a .jpulAUv'
err- r, :c r*fpi i- : :;;r.-:" in m4 pC th?- rfiim'.ae.
rtri.'Ua fe.;> i-f. t:'.ai« : .'- -.»'-¦. i;-.aH?ta? a.ri.*al;
: .'.;i. yc" tKi'.r.o-:'- c'r.- ;"!:tiv -»iri.; »¦ v. # tU'f nwyre
'¦>.T;\t»i> citr.i.'u.r : >ri^:.::...£ : taVwhUU Ji-U r#*
ejxmdfc! u/ s-c c > tjjk.-vArxi'-s-ti-. .Iirf..»r*-. awej- Ifefaus*
;:*f:arH a.->irt^i'.rf:ii-. (Ji-fj«i'it»*i..ii<j .'aTir-eii ii-iscfe'
jb* "su!Tv':;r-.^'. ATnicnljti.^-i :^aar.-i of huniaiilty
fcit-re J-^a r:- inpViTp-f; a ; r*i4:.0TKe«t:;i.ban tlii^/ it ; T j ! ou
¦¦'«'-•* ¦.'wTJltsit:' i&: 'iin-fiher.-w^'j i# -?-VJ»'- iftoyer.ierrf
. kinciiy tjpclrtt a Vb.Tiinitut ao confer -w-Hh as at
¦ : * n "-ar-r -daj.!: : |.i "j-; . ';-.¦;¦:;::•.:..;:• ';•'¦.¦' : ' ¦•.. :;''¦':¦:¦ •••:
¦'¦.••.•'TJie-r.me<?flns : --'>Tl«i-= bo ¦ : r.<>n-sectartaB : airid
¦ it: is • hoj**<.i ''\.\lfcs. ¦'. ail : :deao-rhinatfen? ;»rili
'¦¦ h<>a rt H y , : c •>-, ¦¦ j ¦ i tiiTiii; ' ' : : '^in^rican ./¦'• ¦ Cob sul
1'anvrsorv ai;^'-ik-atta ..v;l:Jt. ur-lort.ake: (h^ ;
dl3tribui:<j:i -cf far:'!*; tvliich.. Bt-h'P ; . i TfUV
xnaa : :^M:!irbi;i' Jki-nk has • kiiidly
C"P.:-r,-.t(-a liS-.rfocire ', :iTirT torxcurd.'-. C'Jii
irrKi;:1c^r_s anyi'time : -at; ; -ra5>'i^;*cht: : to Mr.
: V.-H1 be c-otiiitrrtt'-i us-an Sejitjrtfty undenetn^
ih.-vti'W-jl -vKa> r ; !?.;.'¦ '.-¦s..Vfc>--iii •. : l > a.t.U-f^->?» '-la
.¦widely ¦ec\rix*-?*iiay. ' wltiv'-reilpi"'. ciiahr^ls
•nn>l the fujxii^Vfrili crl'taiJ'l>vt><? f .pj^yari* t<:>
.¦«¦¦<] in cimr' i :;!rii? iinrnV-Vliai-? effvrjt on th«
fi-rwaril:?:? • :' !-.-; :..y. :t-- ¦ f.n.ii} : can ttf
• Tv-rugtu In ffr.d «i>;ir liiAid. <l«ut It i? lion«-d
thi:t ih<- O.ivc -rn-tient .-<>Ser tit a, Vepse-fln
cjuse'a c:irgo i'f frr:i!n.ciiii ;l>e obtaJned miay
Jn:<-r be ?;U^n;r<lv-'ri*?i*?p',af..i; • '•. v :. ¦.:•¦;:'
The ' ::::..;¦<•' iry.itr.fejjiy ackT5r)u*l''dfrC's
the jrift .¦r.-1'hv- Tr«^;:v^<. 1 r>f ISatiVf Sens"
¦ Hall ¦ i'r,r 3tb&-mha>*r«oBeting.: j i .: : =: . : ,',•¦ .
:W*mt A»ptli?i- C<jbking Classy
.\Th? '<lctr.t.otf.:zc? -of Ohdritj^ held Jirrnf^t-
i r, r.v l' c- !-' i fcTsin v: .itf t rrii oati :- vis* :<5i> J Aeh ! G ftt-e
7?aU- for. :5.ho ; 'titiri^gi-^f r «!iicu?sln« : it'he
: .7irqp'f»s» |d <•;¦ s-i:a+f| i* h rrs <>nt.;«f .hno th.er coofe; np
¦^)is's.^i'.5j26\;r^flcpn-'^jr&^^ar';'Sf;j!{}pii".;:2f<?.
¦<^:in;i'tv;':iV-;;oJ i T..:va.s-: iftk<fh>i'rv;tS!e
¦ A' pjij-^rr : ¦>)';¦- -Mr*; JCorrh-^hoTrinK- the eur
'c" fs : -»- ¦-¦• '¦.¦• ; r ';'f^ ¦••¦.'?;¦ ••¦' ; - . ¦•.¦.-.¦'¦¦:.¦•= , ¦
Mtijst Remain in Quarantine
'- Until Next Sunday or
*': ; - -
OTIS, LIKE THE
PERI, WAITS AT
THE CITY GATE
THE SAff FRAyClSCO CAI^ri, FBIDAY, JUNE 1, 1900.
14
75c Uabies' Shoes for 35c a pair at the
Be? Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Id?*-*-'** -?-• -~i- •-•
Prices Cut
dataware
Some Articles Cut 30%
Some Articles Cut 20%
Come Just to Look
tet Asricaii ferns? Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
Urant Avt. • <£»et. Setter anj Pcsij.
: > : £lar<tct SU <<-•;;'- Powellj.
3«9 J-lxth St. : .
S3 Hai*s St.- •, , riF Third St.
Ulf I'olk St. til Montsrimirr Av«,
2£1< M. •; l.-,ft gu' ' " T('5 i.arkin St.
Cf«« Sixteenth St. ' 2M9 Ijevinadsro St.
•J4« Ninth St. ,". d-R Hnirht St.
r<«S Flllmore St. £2S5 Mission St.
£1 Market SL ¦ = TTii 51th St.
OAKLANi) STORES.
JCSS -Wa^hineton St. CIS K. 12th St."-
12*7 Bro«d»ay. II&S -SSJ Avt. •
1.11 tt^vcctti St.- . li:- rwk S;.. Alam«d».
i We have some three hun-
dre d • Swell Little Sailor
Suits for. chaps between the
ages of 3 and ljO years, in
piiettyBlue Yacht Cloths,
made lipin very swell fash-
ion. You know we 'build'
o ilr Sai lors on swell lin es.
Here's another point reacli-
e d • in low'-pric a I . making
that 'will Surely tickle you:
;'.", These iidtt?/ Little j.Sail-
ors. ijiBlueiijicliidin^lan-}
j/nrd and- whistle, Friday
Some you ng
men's suits, full
of snap and gin-
ger. We build
swell clothes for
young me n—
smart, neat, nat-
ty, up-to-date
clothes; to fit boys
ivearing long trou-
sers suits, between
the ages of 14 and
19 years; some
pretty Scotches,
natty and smart
suits. :For some of
'em you would
never hesitate pay-
ing double the
price which we
quote.
We have bunch-
ed together a lot
of 'cm for Friday
and Saturday,
and say for pick,
That pretty little
suit you see oppo-
site. in blue, trim-
med witll sou-
tache, represents
one of our swell
lines: that we have
so'd down to a. few
of cv size. We have,
bnnched [em all
together; some are
*t r imrne d with
white soiilache,
some with red: for
little chaps- in the
fol lowing 'ages: 8>
4-f £t 0 and 7 if ears.
The, pries for your
pick, and it's the
most ridiculously
low pr. i c e ever
quoted for de-
pendable', merch-
andise, is ';'¦ .//'[(
/The point of ri-
d i c u I o U's ly low
price -niafcingr\:i$
reached right
here.' ¦ >
ADVEKTISElirNTS.
79e.
Consists of a lot of
very swell Regatta
Cloth Wash Fabrics,
in stripes and checks ;
pretty colorings ; some
real r.ivell Dsnim-s, in
dark 'colorings; hand'
some patterns all of
'em; $1.50 values*
Special on Friday
and Saturday at
If '^fy'j^'fif^^{jil osiers iint)iril(U7ig IJtysJi Fabric .Suits for Little Chaps. • The picture above shows that. None can touch
&iiffif(ftf1jfij0ffi We're going to have a Big Special Sale Friday and Saturday of Wash Fabric Suits;
X\{cliM^}$ti}$s^<^^ They'll be on Special Sale at the following prices :
Sniohmg Jackets, for
the Holidays. Winter
1900, are now being
shown hy us; other stores
v iv ill show 'ertb in, Novem-
ber ; we show 'cm Jin
June. Ju?t shows you
how far ahead the Frisco
Boys are of all the others.
i.-f .-. ¦-,'_ vji ,.y ',•¦ •.••:¦.'• ¦ ¦•"•. :' : .-.? : - ' r ¦¦••¦: It.' .-••¦¦ y :• t. 7 \ ¦*:-.:. "-.i.;.j ¦ ,:¦. _-\: • /• .*'¦:,• ;.•¦;¦¦.:- ',. ;>. :.. • .-, -. ¦[••¦ ¦¦./•¦. • :¦• ¦ •:• •¦• ¦• - :.¦•¦ . < ¦; ._¦ .;: .¦ •¦_¦•.•>. „¦¦...¦¦ :•:-%..'; v. .••¦.-.•¦ ij_... •:¦•-. ., ¦¦-. . • . ¦_'¦.¦ .... .;:..¦ ¦ * ' • . • • .;:-- •• : • ' ¦ , -¦• ;•" "•¦''¦¦
ffpij? ¦/, Consists of some very
"': ¦.pppiUar(^mb3rs,ith:;: .
v -":.]i. 'I': check*, stripes and the
• ;:, ; v ; ; : popular 'shad e noiv-^ ('¦
,.;'¦: : ? : X'- ¦¦-•¦; p r:p zv ri mix'ures— ':'¦:. : -\
\ ¦ . ;i^itK laiiyard and
f« : -i ivhis tie 1 wi th every .
.-¦>•.. ;:v ; .- : ¦; suit.. ¦-. ;¦•*¦..:;';¦•.,;/•. : -.;..; ;.• ; ; :- ;
I &\ They're goods that
\ il\ ' are~ worth $1. :.\Can\ .
li w '\ i "" ' - <y ow m/ a h e' money M
¦¦ ;; te'''-te ;: ¦ i '- :- '"''' ¦''' [easier ? -They'll- be on, - -
'"'¦'¦ «5 r W ' " '¦¦ ¦ ; ~"-'<- ¦¦ "¦•" sale at .-..-•¦ : : ..; :-- v ¦ ¦ : ' :
i ¦¦¦¦¦¦ •' i^^lW^^^K Consists of some pret-
M& i^^SJSl ¦ U J §}?%* d G llatc as >
''¦'¦¦' '•"¦'• navy (and white
J*W WilvMyfi s tri pss, and a lot of
%\}-YC oth-r pretty ones.
$53? ' /|?£%^ || Illlll^^ Double :the money
'&k^[**\ IcH tr"^WH couldn't (ouch 'eni. in
'^vkal m \\ H» 9 "¦ '°&er stpris; to MUt-
1^^-^ lllJv \ e c^ ha P <t f roin 3 lo JO
' '¦ •¦'IS/^tS^O I \i 1 'year?. }Sp:e ci al oh,
; '-; :,;.¦¦:¦;¦ : -/^^\j. ¦'¦¦' : : - ; .4 Blue Suit,
,• \ <^^^^p >'¦¦¦;.- one. that ivill re-.
\fifP** j? :: •'¦;••. ;¦ ymairv blive, fast
:; \ i- '[ j blue, a Blue Che-
v . .*•;-• : ':'¦. viot, & swell otic ;
U^^^'-i^i^^k tween, the ages of
ii^^^wii^i 8 and Jo y ears;
h^i^l^-^^^^^^i brnad shoulder
rs3r%^ly^»^ffl ¦ -'ffwt, ¦ which
hllilds the litile
/^K^M^^-l^fflP^-'"- chap oivt. Anex-
mm&MmWH ' ' lofiowithit.
}' '; The suit i^oorf
"^.wft^wsfaw^j^^ > '; value . at S3. SO,
>^»vM§^|aSBSfei^ th" J rousc.rs75c:
mm^^Pimm^}' t0 -# J cha p> be -
MI&\tMfM$0^ *™ •<*»> th-xii^s of
' ' 'VKSa&vffi^pfr^T 1 o and- lo 7/ ears;
" ffli^ffiMlW ¦ knee tro users
mm'^Wlv made just as you
Hm W-^-fv sre * rv picture
W\ m^y^Y. opposite. '-,"..
% %w^-'-' Thi *- suitwil1
<£25r^ j^i .extra trou/SP.rs,
•if.-; 1 & Friday and Sat-
'¦/¦ \^£&* ; dicioloic'slj/ low
t ' : T ' *Wk'' '¦ ¦¦••¦' '¦''¦¦ price-TncLkirig :i$:
• h? ¦' sqfjSif;:,} reached right
suit i/oii, see oppo-
||M«m?--- faifce, represent^.
hIHImS^ one rot. our- swell
wl#rlll W' lines that we have
•^^^^^^f^ ofa'size.. We have
¦•;¦¦ bunched 'cm all
S^^^^^^0\ together; some are
tBW»i trim, jived with
\M to? 'f'M) 7?^^ and it's the
ph JW'nM" most ridiculously
I Con't BdtHer |
yi with Dress- p
w makers la
:(fj Qur^faetory .custoin-msJ-; ¦
£f\ X2hildrefi' 's~-' dftd £\fi$scs\ '&L
1& Anwr.dj Sailor #2
tLjiiw, T) inilv, Cbjmbfjv ; '^\
jkJ Zephyr Dresses (it -^jl
A* ¦¦¦ about 'bi:e^b ijf as \ much} i %?
% I. MAGNIN 8c COV " : W
M §40 Market Street, (ft
jft ' •¦; ¦: ' Opposite Fourth. il)
/X. MsiiufjcuifS and Retailers at W
yf ' Wholesale Trices. «J
% Cash or L!ttle-at-a-T!me U
Stoves;
I The largest and $850 \
|tinest assortment -' ioxHli
fin San Francisco S35 00
j Send five cent* in stamps for'.--
I poB^age oa new furniture catalog.
THE J. NOONAN !
| R^KiTURE COMPANY (In;.), : I
J :CI7'IO23 KISSIOH STREET
ft ABOVE EIXTII.
I rtene Becti 14. San rrmeit«». , 5
jri.jff/T€^ r "JTj^/T<j Jt &rlrC > *^8gg&&$&P"~^ ¦ k'fr^SllSFlI effect ; .Jccy $
/TbB/JFf&Slfi/EirGsk -IH-'tK-izi, that will lock