HANNA DECLARES ROOSEVELT WILL NOT
GET THE NOMINATION
¦w^jr EW YORK, June 19.— A World special from Philadelphia .dated Jtme 20« says: At 1 o'clock this
J . morning^ Governor", Roosevelt declared that- he considers himself now finally^ out of the race.
"I have tried^to; make '-my, position clearYall along. I am gratified that the i New York" dele
gation did not indorse ineV \" Yes, j I_ have heardj since the ; caucus adjourned that some other States will
present 'my. name'/. ; I \do !;nbt Iknow anything f about. this, I can't help what other States may do. I do
not believe my name will now be 'pfesente'd'to tneVo'nventtoiiuV'--^'.'.{7;.,*.';;*'-*^; "'"".¦" ''¦ uv v ' : * : 3
zona, 1; Alaska, 6; Okla
homa, (>. ; c
New York's 72 votes
will £0 to Woodruff. Dol
liver will, judging from
the positive declarations
made by delegates, prob
ably poll more than 160
votes on the first ballot.
Indiana's vote will be
cast for Fairbanks, and
he will receive some scat
tering votes.
The strength of the opposition
to. the administration's candidate
cannot be estimated with any de
gree of . accuracy. Many dele
gates who would have voted for
Roosevelt are now convinced
that he is determined not to ac
cept the nomination. It is prob
able that Long's lead will cause
many wavering delegations to
jump into his bandwagon, and it
is reasonably probable that he
will be nominated on the first bal
lot, but if there is a sharp or pro
longed contest Dolliver will stand
an excellent chance. There are
yet many stubborn ones who de
clare that their beloved Rough
Rider will be nominated nolens
volens by a stampede.
chance to be appointed Secretary
of the Navy in the new Cabinet.
. Previous to the action of the
New York delegation to-night a
poll of the convention had been
made by The Gall's representa
tives, but of course it must be
modified before it can be accept
ed as reliable. Some changes are
made in it, and it is herewith pre
sented for what it is worth. It
will at least show that the Vice
Presidential fight is a very pretty
one:
It seems that the ad
ministration is sure of the
following States for Long:
Alabama. 22; Arkansas.
16; California, 18; Colo
rado, 8; Connecticut, 12;
Delaware. 6; Florida. 8;
Georgia, 26; Massachus
etts, 16; Mississippi, 18;
Missouri, 30; New Hamp
shire, 8; New Jerssy, 20;
North Dakota, 6; Ohio, 46;
Pennsylvania, 6; South
Carolina, 18; Tennessee,
4; Vermont, " 8; Virginia,
24; West Virginia, :8 ;
Washington, 8; Wiscon
sin, 24; Wyoming, 6; Ari-
ROOSEVELT CONSIDERS HIMSELF
OUT OF THE RACE
wffich way the cat ; will jump.
Several members said to-night
that this was equivalent to a dec
laration for the administration's
candidate, John D. Long of Mas
sachusetts, for they believe the
administration will beat Quay
and Platt. But should it appear
that Hanna is very likely to be
defeated, the California men may
desert the administration's stand
ard, for, as one member said to
night, "It is quite natural for us
to want to be on the winning
side, but almost the entire dele
gation are of the opinion that
Long will be nominated, there
fore their votes may safely be re-
"HENRY T. ; SCOTT." <
Galifornians regard this as a
suggestion of Mr. Scott that pos
sibly his brother might 'stand -a
"If the California delegation
would vote for Irving M. Scott
no harm would be done and much
good might result, for California
might then be recognized by a
representative in the .Cabinet.'
T., has been .bombarding the
members of the California delega
tion with' telegrams urging that
California's eighteen votes * be
cast for Irving' M . \ as a ; compli
ment. Following is the substance
of . a telegram received : by Dele-
If the vote was not likely to be
close between the administration
and anti-administration forces,
Irving M. Scott might receive
eighteen complimentary votes,
but the Californians do not wish
to: waste, their efforts on a hope
less candidacy, although they all
unite in expressing. great respect
for the noted ship-builder. It ap
pears -that/Mr.; Scott is a willing
"Barkis," for his brother, Henry
corded for Long on the first bal
lot unless there is a great change
in the situation between now and
Thursday."
SCOTT'S MEN ACTIVE.
The question is, Can Hanna
muster enough votes to nominate
Long on the first ballot? The
solid South, with the exception of
one or two States, will vote for
any candidate espousecl^by the ad
ministration, and many other
States are only awaiting a. tip
from the McKinley forces before
announcing their attitude. This
is true of California's delegation,
despite all reports to the con
trary. There were rumors all
day around the Walton Hotel
lobby that the Californians would
be found "fighting in the front
rank for Roosevelt, and some re
ports had it that a Californian
would make the nominating
speech . for Roosevelt. Various
polls have been made and each
one has put California's eighteen
votes in the Roosevelt column,
but The Gall correspondent has
definite and reliable information
that the Californians will not de
cide how to vote until they see
statement declining the nomina
tion.
STRENGTH OF LONG.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
fS ALL HEADQUAR
l j TERS, HOTEL WAL
TON, PHILADEL
PHIA, June 19. — All convention
speculation was completely up
set at midnight to-night, and all
calculations turned awry by
Roosevelt's positive and final re
fusal to take the Vice Presiden
tial nomination. The New York
delegation went into caucus and
decided to present Woodruff's
name, which will insure the Lieu
tenant Governor of New York
the seventy-two votes of the Em
pire State. However, this will
be about the limit of his" strength,
and it is generally conceded that
he has no chance whatever
of winning. The administration
is determined to nominate Long,
but the Quay and Platt crowd de
clare that unless it is done on the
first ballot the opposition will
center on Roosevelt and sweep
the convention with the magic of
the Rough Rider's name in spite
of his oft-repeated and* positive
| "We are on the eve of another struggle. Already we are beginning to form our /battalions' under v trje Ieddership of our great statesman, General William McKigley."
These words by Chairn)ao HaQQa of th>e Republican NatioQal Committee iQ caiiiQg^^ for a whirlwind of enthusiast!). Men and
;women sprang to tbeir feet; delegates, spectators, staid a'o'd distioguished guests, all animated .by r acomrT)6n purpose to do honor to the President. Senator rjanna
looked down witf) smiling satisfaction on the tempestuous demonstration. Flags and handRerchiefs waved everywhere in- billows of color. For ten seconds, twenty,
!tl)irty, a minute, the demonstration Kept up, and theo, with-a wave; of t^e h'an"d ( the National Chairman begged the assemblage to resun>e tb«ir seats and let l)im
WHEN M'KJNLEY'S N0ME W^M^m&S^^^SI^WMWm^^^^MMM
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JTJ^STE 20, 1900.
volume Lxxxrni-No. 20.
New York Delegation Decides to Present the Name of Lieutenant-Governor Wood
ruff for the Vice-Presidency— Secretary of the Navy Long Seems to Have Suffi
cient Support to Get the Nomination— Only a Stampede Can Cause the Rough
Rider to Be Chosen as President ffl|^^^^^^^||oMl^j||WK
The San Francisco Call.SECRETARY OF THE NAVY LONG. WHO. , WITH HANNA'S INFLU
ENCE BEHIND HIM. IS ', NOW " SAID TO LEAD IN THE RACE
FOR THE- VICE;, PRESIDENCY.
—The World.
to be elected at the time and In the manner of
electing the delerate. .
All delegates shall be elected riot less than
thirty days before the meeting of the national
convention. Delegates at large shall be elected
by popular State and Territorial convention*, of
which at least thirty days' notice shall have
been published In some newspaper or newspa
pers of general circulation In the respective
States and Territories.
Again Mr. Hanna was the center of at.
traction. He left the presiding officer's
table and, stepping to the front of the
platform, surveyed the eea of faces and
in a clear voice began his speech of wel
come. He said:
SENATOR HANNA'S SPEECH.
Gentlemen of the convention: In bidding you
welcome, v I • also,, desire • to extend congratula
tions upon thl? magnificent gathering 'of repre
sentatives of th© gTeat Republican party.- <Ap
plaute.) The national committee nmde no mis
take when' they brought the national convention
to the city of • 1'hlladelpha. (Applause. This
-city. Oie cradlccf liberty (applause), the birth
place of ¦ the Republican party (applause), this
magnificent industrial center, a veritable bee
hive of Industry, what fitter object lesson could
be presented to those of us/who have gath
ered here to i witnees the success of that prin
ciple cf our party which baa been Its foun-ia
tlon. the protection of American lndustrlsa?
(Applause.) <Thl« city that has long and al
ways been known the country over for its un
bounded hospitality (applause) and the superb
management of all great functions which have
come -within Its limits. On the .part of the
national committee I desire to extend their
sincere thunks to the people of Philadelphia,
and especially to your honorable Mayor (ap
plause) and the loyal citizens without 'regard
to r«rty who have labored with him to make
this convention a success. Never In the history
of conventions of either political party has a
success been greater.
Delegates. J greet you on the anniversary in
Philadelphia of our first party. (Applause.) I
need not remind you that your duty here Is one
of deliberate Judrment, . on« that you are held
responsible- for . not one by country but of
the country. We arc come together once more
on the eve of a great struggle.
We are now begnnlng to form our battalion
under Uie leaders*.'!? of our great statesman.
General William McKinley. (Continued ap
plause.) I was about to give the order for
those battalions to move, but you interrupted
me. (Laughter?) It needs no order to Republi
cans >rhen they scent from afar the smoke of
battle; If need* no incentive for the men that
fit in front of me. to 'tell them what is their
duty. Upon the foundation of our party rests
the belief and strength ot every member <.f it
Before I lay aside my gavel and retire from
the position which I have held as chairman
of the national committee for four years I de
sire, in this presence, in the most public man
ner, to return my sincere thanks to every
member of this splendid committee who stood
by me In the struggle of 1£9G. and especially to
that coterie who gathered at the headquarters
In New York and Chicago and worked from"
early morninjr until late at night for the prin
ciples of the Republican party and for the
welfare of the csuntry. I leave it In the handa
of others- to tell you what that means but
in passing to others these duties I want to
make the suggestion to always trust the peo
ple (applause) and leave as an inheritance to
them the motto of the committee of 1396- "There
Is no such word as fail."
¦ And now,' gentlemen, it becomes my duty
and, very great pleasure, to present to you as
temporary chairman. Senator Wolcott of Colo
rado. :^to(«f8gM9M___Mi|__M|_l__M8i
Cheers 'for the President.
When the chairman said "we are on the
eve of another struggle; already we are
beginning: to form o-sr battalions under
.the leadership, of our great statesman
General William McKinley," it was the
signal, and for the first time the conven
tion broke forth in a whirlwind of enthu.
slasm. Men and women sprang to their
feet, delegates, spectators, staid and dis
tinguished guests— all animated by a com.
mon ; purpose to do honor ¦ to the Presi
dent. • Senator Hanna looked down with
smiling' satisfaction, on. the tempestuous
demonstration. Flags ajid handkerchiefs
waved everywhere in billows of color.
For ten seconds, twenty, thirty, a mlh
ute. the demonstration kept up, and then
with, a wave of the hand, the national
chairman begged the assemblage to re
sume-its seats and let him proceed.
- As Mr. Hanna closed his speech, ' Sena.'
tor Fairbanks, from the, first of the row
of delegates, arose and moved that th«
selection- of Senator Wolcott as tempor
ary chairman be approved, ; and, with
unanimous voice, the delegates bo voted.
..The appearance of the Colorado orator
a moment later set the convention oft
like a rocket. ; He wore a blue sack suit
with a white vest. There was elasticity
In his step as he bowed low to the con
vention; and there was something about,
him which suggested his mountain home
With' a pleasant nod: of acknowledgment
to : Chairman Hanna, 'he turned : and ad
dressed the convention as follows:
SENATOR WOLOOTT'S SPEECH.
Since -the-' first party convention In these
United States there was : never one gathered
together . under t : such hopeful and * auspicious
circumstances as those which surround us to
day. United, proud of the achievements of the
past .' four yearn, our country prosperous and
happy, with .nothing to regret and naught to
make us 'ashamed;, with a record spotless and
clean, the Republican, party stands facing the
dawn, confldent that the ticket it shall pre
sent 1*.' Ill command public approval, , agd that
In the declaratlowtif its principles and its pur
poses it will voice the aspirations and hopes
of the vast majority of A*merlcan freemen.
' : : : We need "no omen but "our coun
try's cause;" yet there is significance
in^t_te fact that the convention; is as
sembled Jn' this ¦ historic and beauti
jful "city, where we first assumed ter-
Iritbrlal ; responsibilities, when our
fathers^ a century 7and a quarter ago,
promulgated th'e >' immortal Declara
tion-of'Independence. ;
eplrlt of, Justice and liberty that.ani
mated th«n found • voice ' three-quarters ' of a
century later in this same City of Brotherly
Love, when Fremont led the forlorn ; hope of
r i'^".V-V ' r r
O Thou who art , a spirit inflnlt^'' -eternal,
unchangeable, in, they being, .wisdom.* power. f
holiness,' Justice, Bdodness and truth, .Thou art
the »overel_n God. '. ' - : ';v>- .
The creator, ruler, '< disposer of . us. 4, and . all
that thou hast made. \ Thy thoughts, .are -not
our thoughts,- nor; thy ways our. ways.
¦. TJiy mercy Is not . limit ed . to persona ; and \ to
races, but eomprehendeth . all - that .live <j- and
breathe. ¦• ' ¦ "'•' :':>¦'' . •• . . ¦ c'-; V •--' '-'- ¦'
Blessed be tbjr name. ¦- ] ,_¦• -7 " '^J -
The glory is shown and thy kingdom has been
advanced, in leading men and nations, and -by
a way that they knew not, to a land of.secu
rity and -peace.
O that men "weald praise the* for thy good
ness and for thy wonderful' works .to the chil
dren of men. : . ' w • » -
We adore thee for the way In which thou
hast led us. . - ...
The glery and honor of our nation ¦ is the
manifestation of thy power* and glory .T. ¦- V « '
Tbou ¦ hast ; led c us vinv ways -not of,,our own
chooslner; ,ways beet, for; us' and '-most? to; thy,
glory. ¦¦ - **" " " . r '^ . ¦' -
May we cheerfully follow where thou. leadest.
Thou hast-been the God -of . our~tfathera. ;-
Senator Hanna seemed In no hurry to
cail the convention to order. Attired in a
sack suit, with a white vest, he sat chat
tins with tnose about him. his broad .face
beaming, his eyes roving over the con
vention.
At 12:30 the band broke into the strains
of the "Star Spangled Banner." Gover
nor Roosevelt was first on his feet in
response to the national anthem. His
Rough Rider hat came off and he stood
with head . uncovered. Instantly the
whole convention arose en masse. Ten
thousand persons stood while the stirring
air was played and applauded it with a
cheer as-th*ft_taok their seats. Chairman
Hanna remained standing, ¦^fjs'^rfte'ivlhe
ungainly gayel* and brought Jt down with
u.~ resounding -whackr'-Instiuit.ly. all .eyes
were "; riveted upon him "ancl a-'wave^of
applause swept the hall. ? >V .? "Y
Chairman Hanna faced the storm of
applause with*a resolute" <aee.«:-His. stern
featuree.-did hcTt relax but^he nodded an
acknowledgment as the , applause broke
hero, and there into a cheer; When it had
subsided he brought down .the gavel
again.
"The convention will come to- order,
he shouted at exactly J2:35. "The con'
vention will be opened with prayer,',' he
continued, "by the Rev, J.*: Gray, Bolton
of the Hope Presbyterian Church of Phila
delphia." : '".,"'*;..
Chairman Hanna remained standing
with bowed head while the divine came
forward to deliver; his Invocation. /.But
the delegates in the pit remained seated
and only here: and there did one of „• the
ppectators -rise. ¦• All,., however, bowed
their heads reverently while Rey.' Mr. Bol
ton read his prayer. He. said: •';¦'¦
PEAYEE » OF REV. DR. BOLTON.
maul than a gavel for the presiding offi
cer.
The Republican electors of the several States,
the District of Columbia and the Territories,
and all other electors, without regard to • past
political affiliations, who believe In the prin
ciples of the Republican party and Indorse lt»
policies, are cordially invited. to unite under
this call in the selection of candidates for
President and Vice President.
1 Said national convention shall consist of a
number of delegates at large from each State,
equal to double the number of United States
Senators to which each State is entitled, and
for each representative at larRe In Congress
two delegates at large; from each Congressional
district and the District of Columbia, two dele-
Eftteslfrom each of the Territories of Alaska.
Arizona, Indian Territory, .-New Mexico ; and
Oklahoma, two delegates. For ea:h delegate
elected to said eonvention"an alternate dele
gate shall be elected, to act In case of the ab
sence of the - delegate, said alternate delegate
">. In accordance with . established precedence
In obedience to Instructions of the national
convention of 1*96, the National -i Republican
Committee directs that a national convention
o£ -.delegated representatives of .the Republican
party be held "at the city of Philadelphia, in
the" State of Pennsylvania, for the purpose of
'"nominating 'candidates for President and Vice
President, to be voted for at the Presidential
election Tuesday, November «, 1900, "and, for. the
"transaction of such other X business as j may
protferly come before it. and that said conven
tion «hall assemble at 12 o'clock noon on Tues
day, the lDth day of June, 1900. ;...'.-.-
CAUL F0B_ CONVENTION
, As .Colonel "Dick stepped forward, ealj
In hand, -he ,was-g1ven.-a.:-rippl© of a»V
plause.: He read the; formal. call, as fol-
Save ' us.- 'O Lord, from Ingratitude and dis
content. • Give us the- spirit o* praise and
thankrelvlns- Grant that we, as a nation and
a people, may remember thy- groodness -and
praiso then for continued life and prosperity.
O Lord our God, let thy richest blessln* rest
upon thy servant, the President of these United
States. Inibue him with a competency of thy
divine wisdom, that he may direct the affairs
of the nation to thy plory and the well betns
of ; our people. We humbly beseech thee, O
Lord God, to bless all in authority. Sustain
them. In their responsible relations to thea
»,nd a ' free people.
O. God of all wisdom and . Brace. I grant unto
thu assembly wisdom, >rrace and guidance, that
in alhtheir deliberations and conclusions thy
name sh_U.<be glorified, the honor of this na
tion maintained and the p«»ace and :¦ prosperity
¦yt the. people established.. • '•--. ¦'"_/¦ ~"
'•-^Glori 1 * be to the~Father. and to the Ban and
'to-the Holy Ghost." as -raa In the beginning, Is
no\r, and ever shall be, world without end.
Amen.
—The-prayer closed. Senator Hanna' was
again. on his feetjttnd. adjusting" his eye
glasses, said in a;res>onant voico: '''=**,
t VThe secretary of the National Com
mittee will now read the call for the co.v
vention." "¦ - --
Tboil art the God of their children. Our trust
Is In thee.
"NAYI NAYI"
EHILADELPHIA. June 19.-Chair
man Hanr.a. with a rabbit's foot
suspi'ii»J<:->l from a miniature of Mc-
E-inley In the lapel of his coat, sur
veyed an imposing spectacle when
he called the twelfth Ucpufclican National
Convention to onier-ki the Export Expo
sition buildJns in" West' Philadelphia at
12:35 to-day. % . In the valky below him
were crowded the 1SO0 delegates and al
ternates and, stretching away .to the four
corners of the lumicnsi? hall, were endless
vistas of people rising tn terraced sej.i*
to the walls. He looked "Into .the faces
of fully 15.«\*0 men and women. Opposite,
in a broad gallery, were massed a hundred
musicians, their leader a mere "pigmy la
the distance. The platform on which lie
slood jutted out like a huge rock into
an ocean of humanity. Below him and
nankins the etage was an embankment
thronged with the representatives of the
press of the country. Above was a riot
of flags, bunting, eagles, shields, the
v. ... . ¦ scheme at the elaborate decorations
CUimir.aUr.g in a huge portrait of McKin
ley nestling In the graceful folds of the
American liag. About him were the work
ing leaders of his party and behind,
_lxuo::£ the dignitaries ana honored fuc-ets
ol the convention, were winte-haircti men
who kaa been present at the party's bum
In i\us city almost a half-century ago.
It Wit_ noi a riotous convention. There
«r«re r.o wild outbur&ts'' of enthusiasm
irom the trtnzieu partisans of rival can
didate.-;; no entrance of ae-legations with
banners to set tiie raultituo.cs cheering;
£u tierce sJcirrmshir.g and ciasairig oi cau
a:ditte managers uitr rules of procedure
and conte-tUig delegations, 'lae cmi-i'iain
in the coming butue had alreatiy been
selected by the unanimous voice of the
Kepabiicans oi the country. Tne inau
«cu baa stoud at the helm of the ship
oi slate tor lour years wan Their ua
broken choice. The platform was the
record of his administration. Tne only
question remaining fur the •convention 10
Oracle was me V ice Presidency and it
wa.s noi a sunicicnt bone 01 conienuon to
produce the tumultuous scenes wbicn
usually attend me assembling of a na-
Uu_ml ccuvcntio'u.
Excitement Lacking.
The convention to-day was tue dignified
gathering ot the representatives or Me
ttepadliiaui party io rainy formally tne
wii-nes uX tue millions wtiose authority
tlity :.-.i. It was very unaemonstrailve
at urst. While tac crowds and delegates
were funnehng into the hall uetore the
hour tor calling the convention to order
hau arrived mere were 110 wild greetings
01 party leauers. A scattering applause
jnet iir. hanna, as he made nis \%ay 10
tne stage. General Grosvenor, Senator
Lodge, oenatur foraker, ex-Senator Quay
end a few biiiers aroused a fluttering or
band Kerchiefs and a round of handciap
jjing. but men of naUonal reputation.
wtio*e fame was sprc-aa away irom our
fchores across both oceans, entered witn
out producing a ripple. 4,'erhaps most of
¦them were not recognized. it seemed
lame. There was umy that indescribable
buzz' of myriads of -voices" which belongs
to a national convention as the humming
of bees belongs to a field of clover in suna
,xner, and it looked as though nothing
could galvanize itv_' thousands into liie.
iiut just before Chairman Hanna was
-ready to drop his gavel Governor P»ocse
velt er.Ured and tne vast audience was
electrilied. - He stalked in at the main
¦door. His Rough Rider hat signaled him
out to the craning multitude. Seemingly
the audience had b*cn waiting for him
and the applause that announced his ap
jM-arance swept over the vast amphi
theater ar>.d swelled into a. great roar as
be made his way toward the peats of the
New York delegation. Senator Depew
and. Chairman Odell of the New York
Si-.te Committee were with him. but the
crowds had eyes only for the dashing hero
of San Juan.
But he made no acknowledgment of the
ovation his appearance elicited. His jaw
was firmly set and he came on through
the press like a soldier performing a duty.
¦Jde did not even remove his hat. but
pushed his way through the delegates,
who. swarmed from their places to grasp
his hand. Fully two minutes It took for
him to traverse the length of the hail to
hi? place near the etage. A11 that time
the roar followed him and the handker
chiefs roee and fell like the wings of gulls
over a summer sea.
He mad? no suggestion that he realized
it was all for him. When he took his
«<?at with his slouch hat stiJl on. without
having glanced to either 6ider the people
gave it up and the, cheering gradually
subsided. It broke out afresh a moment
afterward, as the band started up the
"Star Spangled Banner." Roosevelt of
ftll the thousands was first upon bis feet,
standing erect, like a Norway pine," with
uncovered head, to the music of the an
them. aV-BBn^VC
All Eyes Upon Roosevelt.
The* entrance of Roosevelt into the con
vention was distinctly the dramatic fea
ture of the -session. The convention, un
der the spell of his presence, could not
take its eye? off him. On him the in
terest seemed centered. During every
pause in the proceedings he was sur
rounded by delegates and newspaper men.
Enxious for a word. ,3"o all he cave the
game answer: He was not a candidate.
He did not want ,the nomination. Those
¦who wanted him nominated left him. say-
Ing if he would not accept they would
nominate him "whether he liked it 'or not.
Thow who did not want "him hastened to
fpuad the report that. he could not be
moved into accepting. . -
Chairman Hannah reception when he
called .'th« convention to order and later
¦when lie made a speech was flattering
in the extreme, and ill e smile on Ills face
expressed the ploanure it gave him. But
Th* joy he experienced over his own re
ception- s-emtd - nothing: compared- with
the delight he manifested when for the
first time he mentioned the President'*
name. The convention went off like a
rocket. The applause was deafening:. M».
'Hanca's face was' a picture'. It was
¦wreathed in smiles. He showed the ec-
Btary of the Joy he felt over the storm o»
approval he had raised. Many in that
moment remembered how the President's
Warwick had announced a year ago that
Ills ambition would be satisfied and his
cup of joy would be full when he called
together the convention that would re
nominate McKinley. Perhaps It w» sig.
nlflcant that in his speech Senator Planna
made no mention of Cuba op- anything
that would furnish a peg. on which a
Roosevelt demonstration could be hung:
The address of • Senator M'olcott. the
temporary chairman, which followed, last
ed an hour and ten minutes. It undoubt
edly added to the -brilliant Colorado ora
tor's reputation. The keynote he'sound
ed — an account of the stewardship of the
party— was as much for. the millions. of
renders scattered over the country as It
was for the few thousands who heard it
and it was difficult for a fiery nod mag
netic speaker to essay. Senator .Wolcott
would be at his best speaking in the op
portunity of the moment. Yet the «ffort
he made to-day thrilled the audience
With a clear, ringing voice . that' reached
the remotest spot of the hall and with a
«rare of pesture. he brought all under his
spell. Time and again his hearers broke
Into cheers as he spoke of the prtaem.
prosperity of the country and predicted
MtKUdey'* -triumphant r}>-el£cllon." And
when he declarer that the. Democratic
tiarty had been, driven' by .the event* of th»
lapt four years from every position it oc
cupied in 18SG to seek new Issues In the
events of the. war with Spain, there was
another frantic outburst. .The- same ¦ en
thusiasm swelled out when ho' predicted
that this generation, had witnessed
our recent acquisitions, would see the
American: nation, girding' half .'the globe
with its flag;. extending its commerce to
the uttermost ends. of the earth and tak
ing its place as a world power among the
world' nations— "a power for good,
for peace and for rlghUiousnesg.V .
• The climax was' reached -.when '.he lifted
up his voice «ind declared that our dead
were burled in Luzon Hind that on its
soil no foreign flag should ever^ealute the
dawn. In his splendid peroration he de
clarWl that the Republican party, iden
tified for; forty years with everything
ennobling and uplifting Jn our history,
was 'never, so "vital, virile: and vigorous' 1
as to-day, and with that untarnished rec
ord It will transmit to no*teriay an undy
ing love of liberty and of country.
Martyr to Partisan Hatred.
_L noteworthy incident of the s^slon
was the remarkable demonstration to
Governor Taylor of Kentucky* That his
party associates look upon him as a rnar
iyr to partisan hatred their great ova
tion to-uay made evident. Although they
succeeded In bringing him to the platform
they could not induce him to make a
speech. ,
The appointment of the committees on
permanent platform, etc., concluded the
iabors of tisc convention for to-day and
with the benediction of the Rev. Edward
M. Levy, who delivered the invocation at
the convention hoid on Locust . street in
1S5C the convention, after having been in
session two and a half hours, adjourned
until to-morrow noon. To-morrow Presi
dent McKitiiey will be renomin.itcd by ac
clamation and the platform will be. adopt
ed. The .nomination of the candidates for
Vice President will go aver until Thurs
day unless there is a stampede and the
plans of the leaders are upset.
Gathering of the Clans.
At 1_:S5 p. m. the convention was called
to order ancl the racking excitement of
conference and caucus, of crashing bands
and contusion of hotel corridors, gave way
to the lieimiixncss of actual convention
proceccUiigs.
The day opened auspiciously for the
event. The SK.y was slightly overcast and
there was none of the sweltering of many
former national gatherings. The air was
cool, the temperature below 7u and the
indications were for good weather
throughout the ' meeting. After being up
hnif tne nlsht with the demonstration of
»i,000 marching men, fireworks, bands,
tinal caucuses and earnest conferences the
army of deleg;ites and the conspicuous
ngures of the convention were* slow to
make their appearance. But the staid old
Quaker city was early astir with prepara
tions, and by s o'clock the streets took
on an air ot animation and anticipation
as the crowds began to converge toward
the convention grounds.
The arrangements 'for transporting the
groat, multitude from downtown to the
great liall are admirable, many lines of
electric cars giving ready conveyance.
That splendid avenue, Broad street, leads
to the most direct route, that en South
street, and all of the early cars on this
line were crowded with people anxious to
secure points of vantage in the great
building. The crowds were good na
ture-i and intensely earnest. The ladies
showed their interest in the event by
reakliiK up "a considerable percentage of
the moving- hosts and the fair weather
permitted all the color of bright parasols
and midsummer dress to be blenaed with
the blaze of bunting.
Out at the convention grounds the of
ficials were early on hand with their corps
of doorkeepers, scrgeant-at-arms, ushers
and pages, putting them through the flnal
drilh*. According to the orders the doors
were to be opened shortly after 10 o'clock
and all the officials were to be at their
posts an hour before that time. The first
squad to put In an appearance was that
under Organizer Owen, 300 strong, having
charge of seating the delegates and spec
tators. After them came the 400 assist
ants under Sergeant-at-Arms Wlswell,
more particularly to care for the inter
ests of the delegates. Chief Doorkeeper
Ivereheval had an early drill, both at th«
outer gates .and at the entrance doors.
which gave promise of an avoidance of
confusion and delay which often attends
aumis-slon to conventions.
Convention Hall Crowded!
During the early hours the Inside of the
•convention hall presented -the appearance
of a vast sea of pine, overhung with a
wealth vt festoon, bunting and historic
portraiture. It was very light, very airy,
and so arraneed In the gradual rise of
seats from a conrsmon center to g-lve full
opportunity for the demonstrations of en
thusiasm which were noon to come. .On
;ul hands were heard words of comm'en
dation for the admirable facilities which
the hall gava for a gathering of this char
acter.
i Out.«Ide of the hall the approaches began
to congest with the crowds during the
early hours: The ears added hundreds ev
ery mlnnte, and as the outer gates were
not opened until 10 o'clock, the arrivals
were massed on the walks and streets
awaiting the signal to get in.
The street venders did a ..thriving: busi
ness tn buttons and badges, and a lively
trade was carried on In seats for the con
vention at rates from $5 for ai
single session up to SCO for the, sessions.
,The crowds were slow in' gatherinir in
the convention .hall. When' shortly after
11 o'clock the band In the gallery awoke
the echoes in the vast roof -space th<=>re
were not more than 1000 persons in the
great auditorium. But it was astonishing
how rapidly the crowds began to arrive
after that hour. They poured in In steady
streams until they blackened the areas
of scats. An unusually large number were
women, looking fresh and sweet In their
summer gowns. The sergeant-at-arms and
the ushers had their hands full attending
to the crowds. In the seats back of the
stage were many distinguished person-
Ag'es. . ¦ ¦. - ¦ * ¦ # .. .
The leaders were slow in arriving, and
it was not until Senator Hanna put in an
appearance; at 11:45. that the enthusiasm
cf the thousands was uncorked. He trot
a cnecr as he moved up the center nisio
the full length of the hall to the platform
General Grosvenor. the white-bearded vet
eran, was recognized, and he also received
a. cheer.
Occupying prominent seats upon the
Platform were four of the fourteen men
now Jiving wha were delegates to the first
oonvvntion of the Republican party, held
in Philadelphia, Jujy 17, 1S56. All were
members of the regular Ohio delegation.
.Cornelius N. Blfss cot a scattering of
applause as he took his seat with the New
\ork; delegation, and Senator Plait was
given a popular greeting.
The crowds were soon so absorbed pick,
ing out the men. of national reputation
that they forgot to cheer, and men like
Henry Cabot Lodge . of Massachusetts.
Senator Davis of Minnesota, and Senator
Foraker of Ohio did not get a hand as.
they took their -places. Meantime the
band was playing pop'ular airs, and the
scene was impressive and animated. At
noon Senator Hanna took his seat at the
chairman's table, .but although this was
the hour set for calling the convention he
waited a few moments, conferring with
Secretary l>lck, Senator Wolcott and oth
ers. ',¦•':
At 12:07 the first pronounced demonstra
tion of the convention, occurred. Gover
nor Roosevelt came iff through the main
entrance and moved down the center aisle
A deep cheer greeted him. Men Jumped
totheir chairs to applaud him and womin
fluttered their handkerchiefs. He took
his seat Immediately in the rear of Sena
tor Platt and In front of Senator Depew
"Our Chauncey," who has aroused th a
admiration of many a Republican conven
tion, came in at the * same time that
Roosevelt did, but th* multitude had ej-es
only for the hero of San' Juan.
Many Notable Groups.
. Many: notable- groups could be ee«»n
arnone the delegate.". Immediately In
front eat Senator Fairbanks. of Indiana,
rrlth Governor Mount of that State Just
behind him. , Governor Shaw, of Iowa ran
over to jrreet his executive colleague and
to fay that Dolliver"s flag was still fly
inrc. Across the aisle Senator Platt waited
whH.0 Cornelius Bliss was earnestly I n«-
Burlnjr Screno Payne as to some contro
verted point. Mr. Odell «at with Mr.
Quips, and all the New .Yorkers kept
turning; their/ heads ; to see when., that
broad-brimmed sombrero made its appear
ance.- Governor. Taylor of Kentucky came
In with Governor Bradley of that State.
Just across was Senator, Foraker, with
his hair toss.Hl, looking as though- he had
been having hard conferences,- while Gen
eral . Grosvenor < naced .::the aisles and
grasped 'hands. - Senator,. Allison of Iowa
was. among the .'earlier arrivals. Among
the -other members of the Senate on the
stage Were • Howley of : Connecticut, Bur
rows of. Michigan; <Debo« .'of Kentucky.
Cullom of "Illinois and Shoupof Idaho.
Senator Lodge and ' Judge vMcCall came
In at the head of the Massachusets dele
gation and . were greeted by General Har
ry Bingharzr. - - '•^TiffiTITfMli-MHMyiwr%rifflf
The long gallery was now packed 'with
humanity . and the floor from wall to wall
was p living sea of people.- ' During the in
tervals when - the band - was * not playing
the hall was filled "with . an ; Indescribable
hum and myriads of voices, which Is only
heard at ..the gathering/, of thousands of
people. ' ¦ J dpMSKPNqH8MHBM^_iMpi
- Before. Chairman Hanna on the 'desk
was j a heavy plank about a foot , square,
and on this lay his gavel. "The: gavel con
sisted of a heavy square oak piece, fitted
with a handle, and looked more ¦ like a
who cannot find work, and the scale o. wages
was never in our history as high as i now <
Passing over, for the moment, the events
associated with the war, let me refer briefly
to other legislation of the past four years.
legislation of Four Years.
We passed a national bankrupt act. a meas
ure rendered essential by four years of wmo
cratlc ruli>. and under Its beneficent provisions
thousands of honest men who were enguirea in
disaster because of the blight of the Democratic
policy are again enabled to transact business
and share the blessings of Republican pros-
P< For"half a century the Hawaiian Islands, a
menace to the \<tx\K line- of coast whicr* slcirts
our Pacific slope, have been knocking for ad
mission as part of our territory, and durlns
that period ths publicly expressed opinion c
both political parties favored their annexation.
Four times have they been occ-pied by Euro
pean powers, and as oft-n have we compelled
their abandonment because it wa» essential that
they should never bo occupied by any foreign
power. Finally, after years of mlsgovernment
by native rulers, the gallant descendants or
American merchants and missionaries maae
proffer again of these valuable possessions to
this country, asking only to come under our
flag and dominion. A Democratic President
repudiated th* offer and sought to assist in
restoring the former corrupt and oppressive
ruler. It was left for this administration to
make them a part of American territory. They
are on the way to our islands In the Southern
seas: every instinct of self-protection shouH
have prompted our quick acceptance of their
sovereignty, and yet they were acquired la
spite of the bitter opposition of almost every
Democrat in Congress.
During the last administration an
offer of settlement was made to the*
Pacific railroads which would hav^
brought us $42,000,000 out of th"
$70 t 000,000 due us in principal and
interest.
President MeKlnley, refusing- to consider as
binding the former offer and acting within
the authority of Congress, collected every
dollar of both principal and Interest due from
the Union Pacific Compaxiy and the principal
of the debt due from the Kansas Paciflc. W«
saved more than *3>,00O.C0O over the offer of
settlement made by Mr. Claveland and have
collected all of the orindpal and most of the
Interest due ixn. Thus was this transaction
clcred and has since been followed by a settle
ment of the debt of the Central Paciflc Rail
road, calling for every dollar of principal and
interest of the debt, amounting to $5*,000,fiOO.
More than thirty-five years ago a Republi
can administration lent the credit of the coun
try to the building of the great iron han-1 that
was to link together the "East and the West:
lent it not In times of peace, but when our
country was in the throes of civil war. The
area to be penetrated was then unsettled and
unknown. It is now a.' great empire, rich, pros
perous ancl happy, and the money of the people
which made the highway possible has been
returned to them In overflowing measure.
Intricate Trust Question.
Whenever a Republican - administration is
in power th?re is constant talk of trusts. The
reason un't far to seek. Affgreeationa and
combinations of capital find their only enrour
, agetr.ent in prospero-n days and widening com
merce. Democratic administration In thi.* coun
try has universally meant industrial stagnation
and, commercial depression, when capital seeks
a hiding place instead of investment. The Re
publican party has always maintained that any
combination having for Its purpose the cnajer
lr\g of a market cr the raising or contr nlling r^
the price of the necessaries of life was unlaw
ful and should be punished and a commission
appointed by the President under act of Con
gress has made careful investigation ami will
soon present a full -eport of the be«t Tnethoa
cf dealing with th-^ intricate question. We>
shall meet It in somc efficient way and as a
' party shall have the courage to protect
every class of our citizens. There was never a ¦
better time- to deal with It than «ow, when.
1 there imXin th!» broad land a man win ing to
' work who dce-n't find employment at fair
wages and when the clamor of the agitator
who s«eks con/tscaUon and not regulation fa ha
on dead ears and flnda no res*<>:_*e from the
artl3ana tit our busy workuhopx <,- ", 7^ -? ™
Following the Path, oi Safety.
The campaign four years ago was foujfht on
th« currency question. Th« Popullstic Demoe
racy insisted that the United states alone
should embark on the free calnag* of stiver at
the ratio of 16 to 1. without waiting the Concur.
rence of any other nation. The Republican par
ty insisted that the question of bimetallism
was international and that until it should be
settled under agreement with the leading com
mercial nations of the world sow should con- *
tlnue to be the staiviani of value - In thesa
United State*. ¦• Upon that issue we triumphed.
In accordance with the pledjre of the party an
honest effort was matte to reach some interna
tional solution of the question. The effort
failed of accomplishment. The mtnta of the <
countries of Europe were open for the coinage
of gold alone. The vast discoveries of Alas
ka, South Africa and our own country have
furnished a steadily, increa-lnc volume of k ol<l
and. with the recent European action, have
demonstrated that the question la one calling
for International action by all the great coun
tries of the world and. If ever entered into
muat be by such concurrent action of the lead
ing commercial nation* as shall secure p«rma
nencs of relative value to the two metals
Meanwhile we follow the path of safety. Aawe
grow year by year more firmly established as a
creditor nation the question concerns us less
and other countries more. No Impairment ot
orable nation. We nave made advances
enough: this country can better afford than
any other to enter upon the contest for commer
cial supremacy with gold as Its standard?^
for us the time has come to give fair notce to
the world that we. too. make gold our standard
and redeem our obligations In that metaL For
twelve years the platforms of the party have
declared in favor of the use of gold and sii
ver a» money The logic of recent events. 7*.
gether with the attempt of the Democracy to
drag down the question from its international
character, to associate it with every vagary of
Populism and Socialism and to drive this coun
try to an alliance with Mexlcoiind China as
an ,,_£ cluslvely BlIver usln * couauy haL i"
pelled our people to this settlement of theVoSl
fc-^V.'J.' r * c * at **t!on of Consress ha_
tion menaced WWth lta a *£
Great Financial Success.
The provisions of the bill secure to the.peo-
Tle a needed increase In the volume of the cur
rency, prevent the future depletion of the gold
in the treasury and encourage a more extended
use of our bonds by the national banks of tha
country. But. above all. the success attend n*
its passage has demonstrated that our own
people and the nations of Europe have faith In
the uermanence of our Institutions and our
financial Integrity. Our debt la funded at 2 per
cent per annum and millions of our tni-rest
charge eaved Annually. "
The world has never witnessed so
triumphant a financial success as has
followed th»-passage of the currency
law and our 2 per cent bonds, held
the world over, already command a
substantial premium.
Through the policy of the Republican parti
ana the wisdom of a Republican administra
tion, we have not only mad* stable and perma
nent our financial credit, at home and abron.i
are utilizing more silver as money than ev*r
before in our history, but we have left t*«
Popt'.Mstic Democracy a dead issue they raa
never again galvanize Into life, anil compelled
them to seek. to create «ew l.<sue- growing out
of a war which they were most eager to vrecl-
Pitate.'?«saa»iGfeSta£9 . ' ' Y
May I. a "Western man, add another word*
The passage of this bill, which received th*
vote of every Western Republican In Congress
marked the termination, forever /lnul. of anv
sort of difference between Republicans cf the
East and of the West, growing out of currency
problems. Even if the stern logic of event
had not convinced us. our deep and abiding
loyalty to the principle- of the party, our belief
that the Judgment of its majority should gov
ern, would lead ua to abandon further conten
tion. And the thousands of Republicans In the
wrest who left ua four years ago are return-
Ing home. The men of th» far West are bone
of your bone and flesh ot your flesh. The sun
• The looms were no longer silent and the ranis
deserted; railway., earnings Increased, mer
chants and banks resumed business, labor
found employment at fair wages our exnorts
increased and the sunshine of hope again Il
lumined the land. The figures that illustrate
the -rowing 'prosperity .-of the four years of
Republican administration - well nigh «ta?eer
belief., There isn't an idle mill in the counfry
to-day. The mortgages on Western farms have
been paid by the tens of , thousands and"our
farmers are contented and ; prosperous Our
exports have reached enormous figures- for the
last twelve month* our exports of merchandl^
will exceed our imports by *350.Q00,0CO. Our
over the wo r i_ and i n constantly increasing
volume. . We are rapidly taking our place a!
one of the great' creditor nations of the world
Above and beyond all there Is no man who
labors with his hands 'in all our broad domain
Facing these difficulties, the President imme
diately upon his Inauguration convened Con
gress In extra session, and in a message of
force and lucidity summarized the lerlslat T on
essential to our national prosperity The in
dustrial history of the United States for th«
past four years Is the tribute to the wisdom
of his Judgment. It is quickly epitomized •
The tariff measure under which we are" now
conducting business was preceded by an un
usual volume of Importations based upon com
mon knowledge that certain duties were to b~
raised; the bill mot the popular demand that
duties on many of the necessaries of life should
be lowered and not raised; advances in In
vention and new trade conditions made it un
necessary and unwise to revert to the higher
tariff provisions of the law of XS30; the increase
In the revenue provisions were slight ¦ Yet
notwithstanding all these facts, tending to re
duce income, the revenues from the Dinelpv
bill marched steadily upward, until soon our
normal income exceeded our normal expendi
ture, and we passed from a condition of threat
ened insolvency to one of national solvency
This tells but a small fraction of the story.
Under the wise provisions ot our
.tariff laws and the encouragement
afforded to capital, by. a . renewal of
public confidence trade commenced to
revive.
Return of Prosperity.
Tour years of commercial misfortune enabled
our industries to meet, in a measure, these
changed and depressed conditions but when
President McKinley was inaugurated the coun
try was In a state more deplorable than had
existed for a generation.
So many events of great portent have been
crammed Into the past months, that we are
act to Judce and measure the work of tnl»
administration chiefly by the occurrences slm-e
the outbreak of the Spanish war. It Is worth
while for- us to recall earlier days. .
When Mr. McKinley became resident he
took the Veins of government after four years
of DemocraUc administration. For the first
time in more than a generation Democracy
had fuH sway, with both Houses of Congress
in party accord with the Executive. No «um
mar£ of the urjlerciful disasters of those four
yeans can convey an idea of a tithe of the ruin
"in the° fouf" years preceding Mr. Cleveland's
admlnl'tration we had paid $:60.CCO.COO of the
naUonal debt; he added I23O.0CO.CC0 to Its bur
dens He found a tariff acj. bearing the name
of his successor and, our President nttea to
meet the requirements of . our necessary ex
penditureF. to furnish the needed protection
to our farmers and manufacturers, and to in
sure the steady and remunerative employment
of those who labor. Instead of penulttins
manufacture ¦ and commerce ' that repose
and stability of law which are essen
tial for worklnjr our economic conditions, he
at once recommended violent and radical
changes In revenue and tariff provisions, rec
ommendations which his party In Congress pro
ceeded partially and . disastrously to execute.
The appalling result of his policy i* still fresh
in the memory of millions who suffered from
it ' In four years the country wltnesaad some
6OC0O commercial failures, with liabilities ag
gregating more than $900,000,C«). One hunU»vd
and seventy-seven railroads, with a mileage
of 45.000 miles, or twice the circle of tha
glebe, and with securities amounting to nearly
$3 oeo.OCC.COO. were- unable to meet their in
terest charxes and passed into the lum'.s of.
receivers. More than 170 National Panka
closed their doors, with liabilities reaching $70,
000,000; wool and all farm products which tar
iffs could affect, lost tens of millions In value;
farm mortgages were foreclosed by thousands
throughout the great West; our agricultural
exports shrunk in value; the balance of trade
which had been in our favor turu-'d ruinously
against us: the National Treasury was de
pleted ¦ of Us sold reserve; our •government
bonds were scld to syndicates at fur below
their market valuo before or since, and our
steadily declining revenues were insufficient to
meet the necessary expenses of conducting the
Government. If capital alone had suffered, the
loss would have been great, but not Irremedi
able, ttafortunately those wh£ rely upon their
daily • labor for their sustenance, and their
families dependent upon them, constituting the
great mass of the American people, were made"
to feel heaviest this burden of disaster. Near
ly one-third of the laboring population of the
United States were thrown out of employment,
and men by thousands, able and willing to
labor, walked the highways of the laad clam
oring for work or food.
Four years ago the Republican
party at St. Louis named a ticket
which commanded the confidence and
support of the American people.
It bore the names of two eminent Ameri
cans, each endeared by years or loyal service
to their country and their party. No wh sper
of personal attack intruded upon the national
issues which determined the contest. There
was a double safeguard for the country s wel
fare Every true American knew that II in
the dispensation of Providence our leader
shtuld be called 'fre.n his high place there
¦tood beside htm a statesman devoted and
s'l^unch. in whoU hands the vast and weighty
fy ffa en S tru 8 t°ed r "SSToSS?
us until to-day, thejork of
this convention wouM have been limited to
a cordial' and unanimous Indorsement of the
leaders of '9S. Dlls allter vls«m-and when a
few months aso our dear Vice President left
this sphere of usefulness for another *£ w "
accompanied with the tears »nd sor™* °f
every lover of his country. He distinctly lifted
up the hlsh office of Vice President to a
nobler plane and to ,6™*" aie ?J}* JTfrlena
portance. He wn« always the trusted Irlena
and adviser of our President sa_e »»•»•»;
sel and wise In Judgment; while to those of
us whose great privilege it was for three ¦ >«ars
to see l»lm daily in the Senate of the Lmtea
States and to come under the tnfluence of ms
f_?m and kindly presence, and to ««* nearer
to Mm and more endeared in friendship as
he .months rolled around, his loss >» P"*™!
ami -deep He Is no longer with us in the
bodV. but'hla tnfluence still permeates the Sen
ate and will tcr all time make better, and
kindlier the «ons of men. and he lives- in the
hearts te left behind. s
"There is
- One great *odety alone on earth—
The noble- llvlnc and the noble dead.
Work of the . Administration.
The first an* pleasant duty of this great con
vention, as well as its instinctive impulse. 13
to send a message of affectionate greeting • 10
our leader and our country's President, v* u
liam -UcKlnley. In all that pertains to ou.
welfare in times of pea(?e his genius has di
rected us. He has phown an unerring mastery
of the economic problems which confront us.
and has guided us out of the slough of finan
cial disaster, impaired credtt and commercial
stagnation up to the high and safe ground of
national prosperity and financial stabllUy.
Through the delicate and trying events or me
late war he stood firm, courageous and con
servative, and under his leadership we have
emerged triumphant, our national honor untar
nished, our credit unassalled. and the equal
devotion of every section of our common coun
try to the welfare of the republic cemented for
ever. Never in the memory or this generation
has there stood at the head of the Government
a truer patriot, a wiser or more courageous
leader or a better example of the highest i>pe
of American manhood. The victories of peace
and the victories of war are alike Inscribed
upon his banner. Those of us whr>se pleasure
and whose duty have called us from time to
time into hi* presence know how freely he has
spent and been spent In his country' s service;
but the same vigorous manhood and clear ana
patriotic vision animate him as of old. and
give us confidence and trust for the future or
our republic, because his hand will guide us
and fcU genius direct.
Praise for the President.
united patriots who laid here the foundations
of our party and put human freedom as its
corner-stone. It "compelled our ears to listen
to the cry of suffering across the shallow
waters of the Gulf two years rro. \\ hlie we
observe the law of nations and maintain that
neutrality which we.owe to a Great ami friendly
Government, the same spirit lives to-day m
the genuine feeling of sympathy we cher.sn
for the brave mon now flKhtins for their homes
in the veldts of *outh Africa. It prompts us
In our determination to give to the dusky races
of the Philippines the blessings of pood BO\ern
ment and republican institutions, and finds
voice In our indignant prote«t against tn? vio
lent suppression of the rights of the colorea
man in the South. .That spirit will survive
Jn the breasts of patrlctjc men as lone as , the
nation endure?:, and thin-vents of the past haw
taught us that it can find its fair and free anu
full expression only in the principles ana pol
icy of the Republican party.
Demonstration Following the Rough Rider's- Entrance Exceeded Only by the
Tumultuous Acclaim Which Greets 'Mention of McKinley—
Organization Effected and Adjournment Taken.
CONVENTION CROWD DIVIDES ENTHUSIASM
THE SAN FllANGISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20, 1900.
Continued on Fourth N Page.
2
Hood"a Pills are the favorite cathartic, ttc
if Your Blood
is Good
Touisjie^ves will be strong. If your
blood is bad and you feel nervous, tired,
miserable and weak, you' should taka
Hood's Sarsaparilla. It will change the
condition of your blood and state of
your feelings, also. It will make your
blood. rich and pure and give you strong:
nerves and sweet sleep. It is America's
Greatest Medicine.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is sold by all druggists. Price XLThe tall figure of Governor Warmoth
appears early In the "cenvention hall. His
figure is .-unchanged, though he has been
Storyettes From the South.
When five district contests had been
heard from Louisiana and it was j an
nounced that there was no contest' in the
Sixth District there was a solemn utter
ance, "Praise God." - -
There could hardly have been a more
impressive announcement that he was a
minister of the Gospel. t '
the colored men had ability to speak very
well indeed. There are half a dozen of
them— full-blooded blacks— whose oratory
is of a high quality. They speak to the
point, with strong, -fetching and well mod
ulated voices. These are not- preachers
alone, for there are black men educated
In the law. I have not yet heard from
them of "The stretching forth of hands
by Mesopotamia," a phrase that It is said
always wins applause from men of color,
but the profession of belief of the father
hood of God and the brotherhood of man
occurs and recurs. One substantial black
man in a Louisiana contest, which wns a
conflict between the officeholders and the
disappointed in office-seeking, said in.
striking form:
"I seek no office. I hold a commission
that is not from man." . - -
PALL HEADQUARTERS, WALTON
HOTEL, PHILADELPHIA/ June
U19. — Among the distinguished > of
ficial gentlemen present at the con
vention to-day were seven Gov
ernors of States— Governor Stonfcfcif
Pennsylvania, Governor Roosevelt of N<%-
York, Governor Voorhees of New Jersey,
Governor Shaw of Io va,. Governor Mount
of Indiana and Governor Nash of Ohio.
Among the ex-Governors -were Frank S.
Black of New York and W. S. Taylor of
Kentucky, who was warmly received.
The Senators of the United States pres
ent were: E. O. Wolcott of Colorado,
George L. Shoup of Idaho, Charles W.
Fairbanks of Indiana, Lewis E. McComas
of Maryland, H. C. Lodge of Massachu
setts, Cushman K. Davis and Knute Nel
son of Minnesota, Thomas Carter of Mon
tana, John M. Thurston of Nebraska, W.
J. Sewell of New Jersey, Thomas C. Platt
and C. M. Depew of New York, J. P.
Pritchard of North Carolina, H. S. Hans
brough of North Dakota, Porter J. Mc-
Cumber of North Dakota, Joseph B. For
aker of Ohio, Boise Penrose of Pennsylva
nia, Francis E. Warren of Wyoming and
Charles E. Clark of Wyoming, and ex-
Senator M. S. Quay of Pennsylvania.
Among the members of the National
House of Representatives were: Joseph
G. Cannon of Illinois, William Lorimer of
Chicago, Sidney E. Mudd of Maryland,
Samuel W. McCall of Massachusetts, Gen
eral Charles H. Grosvenor of Ohio. Colonel
Charles Dick of Ohio, Henry H. Bingham
of Pennsylvania, Henry R. Gibson of Ten
nessee, W. P. Brownlow of Tennessee, R.
B. Hawley of Texas, F, W. McDowell of
Wyoming and ex-Governor W. O. Brad
ley of Kentucky.
Many Colored Delegates.
The colored delegates are a more consid
erable company than have appeared in
two or three of the later national conven
tions of the Republican party, and they
have greater confidence in 'themselves, and
certainly they have more principles to as
sert and policies to maintain than in the
earlier days of their enfranchisement.
There are among them those who came
up out of Egypt through the red sea of
war redeemed, as they were, by Abraham
Lincoln, but there are representatives al
ready of the generation that know not
slavery. It Is pleasant 'to-day, but little
Is said now of the facile colored men,
once conspicuous in gossip, as looking for
arguments in currency. If a few tickets
are sold at reduced rates to representa
tives of the people who have no constitu
ents at hand, are not they told that the
quiet transaction smells of the bottomless
pit? Colored men who hold national of
fice are pointed out here and there in the
crowds, and their official position gives
them confidence. The -sprinkling, of col
ored delegates is a very perceptible fea
ture of the Southern delegations. It was
shown during the fierce and tedious com
bats before the National Committee that
BY MUR AT HALSTEAD,
Special Correspondent of The Call.
sharp and high, figure thin, complexion
pale, hair lustrous in whiteness, mous
tache like snow on a cedar bough — a pro
.nounced blonde decorcted In frost work
The ancient and inquiring citizen keenly
looked over the "nigger" carefully andi,
remarked: "I'll be d if I wouldn't
have taken that fellow for a white man."
'¦y'M Scenes in the Convention.
The ample auditorium of the convention
was slowly filled, thousands taking the
precaution to be ahead of time, and only
as they were easily placed for hours be
fore the hall was thoroughly occupied,
was the immensity of the spacious edifice
so admirably arranged understood. About
twenty thousand persons were seated.
The proportions of the place occupied are
so symmetrical that the amount of room
Is not at once comprehended. Some thou
sands of spectators were placed when the
first delegation, which was that of Penn
sylvania, arrived in a body, and the lead*
er, Mr. Quay, was received with 'warm
applause. He was the first distinguished
delegate to get a complimentary greeting.
The outburst of approval was when Gov
ernor Roosevelt and Senator Depew. with
Senators Odell and Platt. led the delega
tion of the Empire State to their seats.
The enormous hall, glowing with color,
filled with people, under a light that re
vealed every face at its best, surrounded
.with portraits of the worthiest of the re
public and the emblazoned shields of the
sovereign States, presented a magnificent
spectacle as Senator Hanna rose and in
vited the invocation of the divine blessing
upon the convention.
The Senator was greeted with great ap
plause 1 " when he directed Representative
Douglass Dick to read the official call to
the convention, a ceremony which was
effectively performed. ' Senator Hanna
was heard far and near as he presented
the temporary chairman. Senator Wolcott
of Colorado. The remarks of the Senator
were, full of pungent sentences, heard
throughout the hall and emphasized with
vehement applause. There was a wonder
fur light in the house as Senator Wolcott
opened his splendid speech. There was
ju%t enough sunshine and air to brighten
the expectant faces. The delegates and
alternates' facing the. platform were
framed with multitudes of faces that
shono as with Inner light in the galleries,
and beyond the platform occupied by the
officers were the guests, an imposing as
semblage. The front row near the chairs
was occupied by venerable men who came
down to us from a former generation, as
Daniel Webster said to. the survivors of
the battle of 'Bunker Hill half a century
after the battle— Heaven had bounteously
lengthened out their lives to witness the
auspicious day. The ; venerable men, the
guests ef honor of the convention, were
of those who In the early days were fore
most workers in laying the foundations of
the Republican party— beginning with the
Liberty party half a century ago.
Murat Halstead Sends a Most Interesting Pen Pic
lure of Noted Stalwart Leaders as Ttieu Ap
. peared Upon the Floor of tne Convention During
Liltj r.liol JJciy o oooMUll.
"Can it be proved that either of these
reasons exists so far as the women of this
country are concerned?"
Another delegation that was heard very
briefly was composed of colored men and
•was headed by Representative White.
Thcv asked for the insertion of planks
denouncing mob violence in the South and
against the suppression of the ballots of
citizens in the Southern States. The whole
inatter was referred to Mr. Lynch of Mis
sissippi, with Instructions to draft a plank
covering the Southern question.
H. H. Hanna nf Indiana and Henry' C.
Payne of Wisconsin were heard at some
When the sub-committee convened a
delegation of ladles from the suffrage as
sociation was admitted to present argu
ments for a resolution which they sub
mitted, asking Congress to submit to the
State Legislatures an amendment to the
constitution granting the elective fran
chise to women. The delegation was
headed by Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt,
1 resident of the Equal Suffrage Associa
tion, and Mrs. Annie Shaw, vice president
of that association, and both made brief
speech* s in support of the proposition.
A protest againet the suffrage plank
was also submitted. This was handed in
bv Mrs. Francis M. Scott of New York,
Mrs J. Elliott Cabot of Massachusetts,
Mr:?. Caroline F. Corbin of Illinois, Mrs.
TL W. Wilbur of Oregon, Mrs. Samuel
Cassady of Iowa and Mrs. C. W. Griggs
of Washington, each of them president of
a State or city society opposed to the ex
ter.sion of suffrage. They took the posi
tion that an extension ox the suffrage to
a very large body of new voters Is a seri
ous stop and one which should be taken
only when it clearly appears that such an
extension is necessary to the general wel
fare of the community, or that it is called
for &s an act of justice to a body of citi
zens who are suffering some deprivation
nf their rights by reason of present quali
fication, and asked:
Fair Sex in Conflict-
Senator Penrose of Pennsylvania intro
duced a declaration for an executive de
partment of the Government to be known
Bl the Department of Commerce and In
dustry, but it was referred to the sub
committee. »V -
The committee reconvened at 5 o'clock,
when the following members were ap
1 "Dinted a sub-committee to draft and sub
mit a platform to the full committee: Sen
ators Fairbanks of Indiana, Davis of Min
nesota, Gallinger of New Hampshire, For
aker of Ohio. Carter of Montana and Mc-
Cumber.of North Dakota, ajid Messrs.
<^>u:^e- of New York, Noyes of Maryland,
Mr.d<1en. of Illinois and Rosewell of Cali
fornia.
o'clock. On motion of Senator
Foralier, Senator Fairbanks of Indiana
was chosen chairman of the committee,
and E. Rosewater, the Nebraska member,
secretary. In suggesting Mr. Rosewater's
xioxrJnation Senator Foraker said the place
fhould be giver, to him as a compliment
to his profession of journalism. The BUg
cestion was received with general ap
proval. >"'.'
PHILADELPHIA. June 13.— The com
mittee on resolutions organized Im
mediately after the adjournment of
the convention, and then adjourned
to meet at the Walton Hotel at 5
At that hour, however, the resolution
declared absolutely for the maintenance
of the gold standard, commended the
passage of the financial legislation of the
last session of Congress and then added
some features from the plank suggested
bv Messrs. Hanna and Payne, favoring
such legislation as will secure lower rates
of Interest in times of financial stringency
by permitting the temporary issuance of
The principal declaration of the finan
cial plank had been completed, but there
was still doubt as to whether any refer
ence would be made to silver, with the
indications favorable to a slight recogni
tion of international bimetallism, this,
however, to be accompanied by the posi
tive declaration that without internation
al agreement bimetallism Js not to re
ceive any recognition whatever.
The Question was settled at the early
evening meeting. Pending its discussion
the sub-committee adjourned to await the
action of the* revisers to meet again at
midnight. The recess until midnight was
taken for the purpose of permitting Lem
uel E. Quigg, the New York member of
the committee, to go through the draft
of the platform and to make the changes
necessitated by the action of the sub
committee. When the recess was taken
at 9 o'clock a positive policy had been de
cided upon on most of the questions con
sidered proper for action upon.
The Republican party by tradition and princi
ple is in favor of bimetallism and upon all
proper and opportune occasions we advocate the
co-operation of the United States with the other
leading commercial nations of the world to se
cure the free coinage of both gold and silver at
fixed ratio.
There/ was considerable discussion of
the financial plank, which, as it stands.
Is an absolute declaration for the gold
standa'rd. Several modifications of this
resolution were considered, among them
one suggested by the Colorado delegation,
which met favor among the Western
members. It was as follows:
The draft of the platform as proposed
by Senators Foraker and Fairbanks and
others was then read by Mr. Foraker. It
Is the same document which was outlined
in these dispatches on Monday morning,
but several verbal changes were suggest
ed. Objection was made that it was too
long and It was referred to a sub-com
mittee to revise and shorten it if pos
sible.
Financial Flank Discussed.
They made an earnest plea for the reso
lution, but it met with opposition on the
ground that it was liable to be inter
preted as calculated to disturb the finan
cial legislation already secured.
The employment of the people is the content
ment of the people. The greatest benefaction
to man is the opportunity to labor. Our best
hopes for continued prosperity lies In winning
the w-i rld's market for the products of the
American farm and factory. Lw interest
rates are potent factors In souring this result..
The wipe financial leRislatlon already enacted
by the Republican party contributes to this
end. Having secured stability in our currency,
we new favor additional monetary legislation to
equalize and lower the rates of interest by
providing flexible and sufficient medium of ex
change for the benefit of the borrower, as Tve!l
as the lender of money, in order that American
commerce may be enlarged and that labor may
be assured of steady and remunerative employ
ment.
length In support of the request to incor
porate the following plank in the plat-
MEN OF PROMINENGE WHO ATTENDED
THE GREAT NATIONAL GATHERING
Unequivocal Declaration for a Gold Standard
Currency, Suppression of Trusts and
Betterment of the Laborer.
RESOLUTIONS COMMITTEE
BUILDING THE PLATFORM
McKINLEY HEARS
SOME CHEERING NEWS
President Pleased With Proceedings at Phila
delphia and Is Not Concerned Over
the Vice Presidency.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
OALL HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL. WASHING
LTON. June 19.— "Mr. President, it
doesn't matter whom they nominate
for Vice President at Philadelphia,
for you will be with us for many years
to come, judging from your appearance
to-day," was the compliment paid to
President McKlnley's personal appear
ance to-day by a member of one of the
Turner associations of St. Louis, Mo.,
during the handshaking reception which
took place In the east room.
• The President smiled and acknowledged
.the friendly salutation of* his visitor N and
he certainly looked the picture of "per
fect health as he shook hands with sev
eral hundred visitors who are on their
way to Philadelphia to take part tn the
annual gathering of German societies.
President McKinley has much to cause
contentment to-day. His wife has suffl
.eiently recovered' from her recent Indis
position to resume her daily morning
drives. Secretary Hay and representa
tives of the army and navy brought to
the Cabinet meeting assurances that
every reasonable precaution is being
taken to protect American interests in
China. Assurances came from Senator
Hanna by telephone that the friends of
the administration have not lost a trick
thus far In the great game of national
politics in Philadelphia.
These circumstances combined to make
the President feel very cheerful a3 he
stood in the east room shaking hands
and exchanging greetings with visitor3
from St. Louis.
To-day'8 Cabinet meeting was brief
and said to be uneventful. The situation
In China and the Philadelphia convention
were the principal topics considered.
Owing to the absence from the city of
Secretaries Long and Wilson and *>'•<*?-
master General Smith, and the tempo
rary indisposition oi Secretary «..« ft^.
only Secretaries Hay. Root and Hitch
cock and Attorney General Griggs at
tended.
President McKinley and the stay-at
home members of the Cabinet are appar
ently giving themselves verv little con
cern over the Vice Presidency. Mem
bers of the Cabinet admit to having Indi
vidual preferences In 'that direction, but
they seem to be satisfied the convention
will make a selection entirely acceptable
to the President. They are already as
sured that the platform will be substan
tially as It was constructed by the Presi
dent and his advisors.
Attorney General Griggs was the only
member of the Cabinet who consented to
discuss the Vice Presidential situation.
He spoke pleasantly of Governor Roose
velt and of Secretary Long.
He had a good word for former Secre
tary Bliss and Senators Allison and Fair
banks, and added that the Republican
party Was so wealthy in good Vice Pres*
identlal material that it would be almost
impossible for the convention to go
astray In making a selection.
of New York as chair and Colonel Charles
Dick secretary- The roll of States was
called with the desire of ascertaining how
many contests would come before the
committee, and It was found twenty-four
were to be heard. The most Important
contests are in tne States of Texas. Louis
iana, Delaware and Tennessee. Nearly
all the other contests are confined to dis
trict delegates.
After calling the roll of States It was
decided to go into executive session.
After an extended argument on the part
of several . contestants it was arranged
that for contests Involving the seats of
delegates at large fifteen minutes should
be allowed each side for argument and
for district delegates five minutes should
be allowed each side: It was left discre
tionary with the chairman to extend the
time.
The Addicks delegation from Delaware
was seated by a vote of 38 to 9. A fight
between the Dupont and Addicks factions
has been waged ever since 1885, and the
struggle to-night before the committee
was the hottest that they have ever had.
Both sides had a long array of legal talent
to speak for them.
In the Alabama contests between the
Vaughn and Bingham factions the for
mer won the contest for delegates at large
by a vote of 29 to 13 and in two of the
four contested districts — the Third and
Fourth — While the Bingham people won,
in the Fifth and Seventh.
The commit tee sustained the action of
the National Committee in sustaining con
testees In their seats.
MflSS-MEETING
HELD AT NIGhJT
PHILADELPHIA, June 19.— To-night a
big mass-meeting was held in the Acad
emy of Music, at which Mayor Ashbrldge
of this city presided. This Is the build-
Ing in which General Grant was nomi
nated in 1872. A number of distinguished
Republicans addressed the meeting.
Representative . Grosvenor of Ohio
quoted Congressman Bailey as saying In
1S9S that If prosperity followed the pas
sage of the DIngiey bill there would b©
no necessity for a Democratic nomination
in 1900, and in view of the present condi
tions he called on Bailey to make good
the implied promise.
Lafayette Young of Iowa was intro
duced by Mayor Ashbridge as the repre
sentative of Congressman Dolltver. whose
candidacy for Vice President he supported
In a brief speech. Senator Penrose of
Pennsylvania, Senator Thurston'of Ne
braska aiid Congressman £>alzell of Penn
sylvanlar also spoke.
The Blalne Club of Cincinnati was given
a banquet to-night by -the William R.
Leeds Association, one of t*e largest and
most active local Republican clubs. Over
500 men participated, and the entertain
ment lasted until long after midnight.
Many leaders attended and made formal
speeches, including Senators Foraker,
Wolcott. Penrose and Shoup: Congress
men Dolliver, Cannon and Blngham. and
ex-Senator Quay.
PROMINENT CANDIDATES FOR THE VICE-PRESIDENCY.
BETWEEN THE PRESIDENT AND ROOSVELT
TJIE SAX ; FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20, 1900.
SENATOR LODGE. PERMANENT CHAIRMAN OF THE REPUBLICAN
NATIONAL. CONVENTION.
COLONEL DICK, SECRETARY OF THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL
•' The sub-committee of the committee on
platform resumed- its sitting at . midnight
and adjourned a * few minutes after 2
o'clock. It concluded its draft:of,the fin
ancial plank.' which 1 is as heretofore given
with/ the addition "of the following clause:
"We ire unalterably opposed to the free coin
age of silver unless by . agreement with the
commercial nations of the world.
There was a declaration v for. a canal
across r the '-isthmus of Panama, but no
pronouncement • for .the Nicaragua or any
other specific route. v
"Folio wing 'Is the plank with reference to
the Boers:";
¦ .We sympathize- with th© people of tho Trass-
Strikes at Free Coinage.
Epain, in the. Philippines and In Cuba and
Porto Rico is commended.
There are two or three drafts of the res
olution,' all differing in phraseology and
all the same: in sentiment, but it is not
known which one will be accepted.,' . :•-¦••
A liberal pension policy Js favored,- lib
eral laws and the liberal administration
of them. There is a. declaration- In favor
of maintaining the: country's pledges 7 to
Cuba in, the matter, of iiiaepehdencc; de
mand for the maintenance of the present
civil service: law. and, for its extension, to
the new possessions; as far as practicable
under prevailing; conditions; a declaration
for the' protection ; of- the colored people
ofthe Southern'States in theirrights un
der the constitution; commendation of* the
mwement for good roads in the country —
Incorporated ' at .'¦ the instance i of Senator
Gallinger— and a suggestion looking to the
removal of a portion of tho war taxes.
Credentials ComtTjittee De
cides the DelaWare
Contest.
PHILADELPHIA, June 19.— The . corn*
mltteo on; credentials: met; .Immediately
after .the -adjournment of tho , convention
and organized by electing: Bereno E. Payne
ADDICKS FACTION
WINS ITS FIGHT
~. ; 7 •
vaal- republics and approve the course of the
President of, the "United States In tendering the
mediation of this country In the struggle be
tween the people of that republic and the king
dom of Great Britain and we further express
the hope that the contest may terminate with
honor to' both the -.contending parties. . v _.
The specific allusion to the acquisition
of the Philippines and Porto Rico and to
the course- of the President with reference
to them, as well as to other incidents and
result3*of tho: Spanish-American war,, is
approved. -
The present situation in China Is re
ferred to'lri a paragraph suggesting It to
be -the duty of the United -States to. pro
tect .the interests of its citizens wherever
they : may be. / , ..
'The .sub-committee will meet again to
morrow at 9 o'clock, and at 9:30 will make
its report to the full committee.
The President is commended. for his ten
der of mediation in the war between Great
Britain and the Transvaal ¦ and this is
coupled with a declaration that In i. view
of the '. restrictions placed\upon "him" uy
The nague treaty he could not go further.
The fact is pointed out, however, that no
other nation has gone so far in manif eat
in^ sympathy for the Boers. / ,;
-There is the usual declaration for. a pro
tective, tariff, ccup'ed .with- nn expression
of commendation of the course of the Re
publican ' party In enacting, the Dingley
law and. a. determination to maintain the
policy expressed in that law. :
. The President's course lath© war -with
There Is a declaration in the interest of
labor, with which is coupled a demand for,
the restriction of immigration. This plank
says that "in the ' interestof American
worklngmen we favor such legislation as
will regulate. -and restrict foreign Immi
gration." There. Is also a demand for. the
raising of the age limit of children em
ployed i:i factories nnd for shorter hours
or labor for all classes of laborers. ; .
On the question of trusts the document
says that "while recognizing the necessity
and legitimacy of the co-operation of cap
ital in tiie promotion of industrial enter
prises, we are opposed to all combinations
intended to restrict trad*', to limit produc
tion, to affect prices and to destroy com
petition, and we favor such legislation as
will effectively prevent abuses liable to
arise from such combinations."
Sentiment as to Trusts.
a limited increase of the bank circulation
to be secured by depositing United States
bonds. ; -/. '
There naturally, flows around and fol
lows after him a lot of sporty young black
bloods, who bear up under ¦ badges and
twirl canes In gloved hands and smell of
wines and cigars. Plnchback looks, as he
greets many friends, as if a kindly Provi
dence had sheltered him from the storms
of life. It Is saiu that during the recon
structive period at New Orleans, if it may
be referred : to as of the past, a group of
the .newly arrived, acclimated and ener
getic politicians were holding a sidewalk
caucus, when an old style Southern citi
zen paused, seeing! a personal friend in
the crowd, and put this incisive question,
"Which * of them,", pointing with his
thumb, "is the nigger who .was Governor
of the State?" The citizen addressed said,
"That's the man," pointing to Governor
Kellogg, standing 'a little way from the
thick of the practical politicians,' his nose
in the public eye for a generation, and his
voice, carrying from soothing tones to
notes of sharp defiance, is of old, but his
mustache, once black as a crow's wing;
has paled in the passing years. Governor
Kellogg, who was classed among the men
with gray locks, is still slender and erect,
and though his hair seemed years ago
fair as it could get, it has gone on whiten
ing until it is perfect snow. Governor
Plnchback revisits the glimpses of. the
moon, and though d,irk from the souTn
ern suns Up has an olive tint that becomes
him. Buttoned up in an unwrinkled and
spotless black frock coat and wearing an
unruffled tall silk hat, he shines like- the
woman Byron described as walking 'in
beauty like the night of cloudless climes
and starry skies.
3HONOLULU, June 12.— The Democratic
Territorial Convention met last night and
elected the folio-wing delegates to the Na
tional Convention to be ¦ held at Kansas
City: David Kawanakoa. William H.
Cornwell. Charles T. Wilder. John D.
Holt. John H. Wise and W. S. Withers.
HAWAIIAN DELEGATES
TO KANSAS CITY
And now. we commend to. thee. O God, tha
deliberations of this convention and all the
Issues thereof, mess the presiding officers with
all sufficiency of wisdom and strength, and
preserve all the delegates from atrkness. acci
dent and death and permit them to return to
their home; conscious of havlnsf discharged
their duty to God and their country. ; An<l
the glory phall be untn the Father and/ unto
the Son an<1 unto the Holy Spirit as it was in
the beginning, as it Is now and ever shall be.
world without end. Amen.
Save us. O righteous Father, from forgetful
ness of thee. from all prii1<» and vainglory.
Let not the profane, the srlf-aet-ktng or the
promoters of strife and discontent rule over
us, but only such as shall be a terror to evil
doers and a praise to them that do well. Let
our currency neither be impaired by Inflation
nor diminished by hoarding. Let the rich
among us use their wealth with moderation
and as a benediction "to others. !>>t the pn«r
by Industry and temperance, become rich.
Let there never b<> among us an aristocracy
either of color, wealth or both, but only »t
intelligence and goodness. Fill our land with
truth and righteousness, with srhoolhr>uss»s an-',
temples of worship, with Gnd-fcarinR men and
virtuous women. Let the example of our fre-e
Institutions enlighten and bless the . whole
earth.
We thank thee for our honored President; for
his wisdom, discretion, manly courage and un
blemished character, and we beseech of thee
that hla life and health may be precious In
thy Sight, and aa tbou hast In thy goodness
given him to us. so. If it please thee. let the
hours of his administration of our Government
be prolonged. Bless those associated with
him in authority. May they ever be found on
the side of Justice, loving peace, but never
counting life Itself ton dear to sacrifice for the
defense and advancement of the nation's honor
We thank thee for the- coming together of
this august assembly of representative men
frorn all parts- of the nation, and for that
great convention held In this city so long a«o.
and -which first flung the banner of universal
freedom to the breeze of heaven. We pralsa
thee, O Lord, umlimmed, the proud reminder
of past achievements and tha hope for all time
to come.
Wo give the« most hearty thanks for our per
sonal, social and national blessings. Thou hast
cast our lines in pleasant places and given
us a goodly heritage. Thou has not dealt so
with any other people. Because of thy favor
our land is even now smiling with fertility ami
beauty; our cities and towns ar» filled, -with
the hum of Industry and our country places
with the songs of happy reapers. Thou hast
givan unto us wise rulers, brave defenders or
tha land and the sea and Just and equal laws
by which every man mar sit under bia own
vine and fig tree with, none to molest or make
him afraid.
Almighty God. onr Heavenly Father: How
excellent la thy name> in all tha earth! Ths
whole world ia full of thy glory. Unto thee
do we lift up our heart* la humanity, lor*
and praise.
--When the list had been read Represen
tative Cannon of Illinois was recognized.
Rev. Edgar M. Levy, who delivered tha
Invocation of the first Republican conven
tion in this city forty-four years ago.
white-haired and feeble, then delivered a
benediction upon the convention. He said:
BENEDICTION OF REV. DB. LEVY.
Tally clerka— J. C Potts, New Jersey; Oeorgs
Reading clerks— Dennla E. Ward. Michigan:
E. L. Lampson, Ohio; James II. Stone. Michi
gan
Clerk at president's desk— Asher C Kinds,
Maine. *
Official reporter— M. "W. Bluznenborg, District
of Columbia.
Assistant secretaries— John R. Malloy, Ohio;
John R. Beam. New Jersey; Luclen Gray, Illi
nois- Gardner P. Stlckney. Wisconsin; James
F. Burke. Pennsylvania; W. B. Bochmunn.
Tennessee; Warren Bigler, Indiana; John V.
Royce, Kansas; F. S. Gayiord. Connecticut
Temporary secretary — Charles M. Johnson ot
Minnesota.
SERGEANT-AT-ARMS WISWELL OF THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL
../.---< CONVENTION.
American canal. We found it impoverished by
years of colonial misgovernment and without
any system of revenue laws. Soon after the
peace Its people were further stricken by flood
and famine. We assumed toward them every
obligation which sympathy and friendship*
could prompt. We contributed as a nation
large sums of money to ameliorate their con
dition and to enable them to plant and garner
their crops. Then we said to them, "We shall
give you a Just and equitable form of free
government, with power. to manage your home
affairs. Until you shall devise proper and effi
cient methods of revenue and taxation, your
needed funds shall be raised as follows: You
shall pay upon your imports 15 per cent of the
present tariff rate governing Importations Into
the United States, which means an average
duty of about 7 per cent. All the neces*arles
of life and building materials for the .-.truc
tures you need shall be free. On the 1st day
of March, 1902, all these duties shall cease
In any event, and shall cease sooner If before
that time you can arrange for the needed
revenues of the Island." The recommendations
of the President were fully and satisfactorily
complied with; the people of the island are
content, the vast mass of the American people
approve, and we have avoided precedents that
might vex us when we come to. deal with the
problems that finally await us In the estab
lishment of our permanent relations toward
the people of the Philippine Islands.
Power in New Possessions.
There has been much discussion during the
past few months In respect to the extent of 'he
power of this country to deal with Tcrto Kico
and other possessions, and It has been fre
quently contended by the Democracy- that as
soon as we became the owners of any of these
Islands the constitution of the United States
at once extended over them, or In the oratorical
but misleading phrase. "The constitution fol
lows the flag." The argument Is specious, but
it will not bear Investigation. The same ques
tion was raised in 1S03. at the time of the
Louisiana, purchase, and tho doctrine was then
established by Congress that we could acquire
foreign soil by purchase, that Congress had
the right to establish there such govjrnm.*nt
as It saw fit. and that the constitution did
not of its own force extend over such terri
tory. The doctrine was never questioned until
In Calhoun's time it was sought to be denied
in the effort to extend human slavery into
The Supreme Court of the United States has
more than once determined the question and
the contention concerning it now by our oppo
nents Is not because anybody believes that the
laws we have enacted for the government of the
Island are unjust, but in order to embarrass the
administration In dealing effectively with our
new possessions. The flag went to Mexico In
lS4S-tbe constitution did not. The flag went to
Cuba and was carried into Santiago and is
there yet. But our constitution not only Is
there but we are busy encouraging Cuba to
prepare a constitution of her own. When any
portion of our territory becomes a sovereign
State then is our constitution Its cornerstone.
In the territory of the United States not in
cluded within State boundaries Congress alone
determines the extent to which the provisions
of the constitution extend.
Conditions in Cuba.
The circumstances associated with our pos
session of Cuba are new and unparalleled In
the history of conquests. The cruelties practiced
upon its people Induced the war. Before we
commenced hostile proceedings, however, and
that the world might know that our bands were
clean and that we were not animated by lust
for territory we solemnly disclaimed any die
position or Intention to exercise sovereignty,
Jurisdiction or control over the island except
for Its pacification and asserted our determina
tion, when that was accomplished, to leave the
government and control of. the island to Its
people.
To this declaration' we still rigorously ad
here. When we took possession at the close of
the war we found the conditions existing in
Cuba to be deplorable. Under, the conservative
and wise manaeement of Generals Brooke and
Wood vast Improvements have been effected
and we have given the people the first good
government they have ever known. We found
its cities beds of pestilence.' We have stamped
out yellow fever an,d made Havana as healthy
a city as exists at that latitude. We took Its
starving reconcentrados who had survived the
war, and Its other poverty-stricken people, and
fed and clothed them. We organized a public
school system, and have everywhere established
law and order. This had first to be done.
Then followed, a compliance of the terms of the
treaty which gave the Spanish Inhabitants
until April li-to determine whether or not
they would . register aa citizens or preserve
their allegiance to Spain. Meanwhile a care
ful census of the Island was made. Then came
the fixing of the qualifications for the right
of suffrage, which were fairly bestowed. The
Island was divided Into municipalities and the
registration "provided for. And on yesterday,
the ISth of June, municipal elections were helU
i»ll through the Island, as the first and pre
liminary. step toward the .establishment of a
national government and the adoption of a con
stitution, i V- "••'"' '
Have Made Americans Blush.
And in this connection it is fitting to say
that the peculations and frauds committed In
Cuba by subordinate officials have made every
American blush with shame, and until the last
of the suilty men is arrested and convicted
and sentenced that shame will know no abate
ment. It Is no more to be charged to . the
party than would a theft by a trusted em
ploye be charged, against the character of the
merchant who employed him. The . party that
shields and protects dishonest officials forfeits
public confidence, not the party that exposes
and punishes i them. The Republican party
has been rarely the victim of misplaced con
fidence in its officials. < In -this : Instance, the
appointments were made with the greatest care,
many of them from the . classified service.
Whenever fraud * has been : discov
ered the guilty have been pursued
unsparingly and with the greatest
publicity. ¦
So haa It been with these, thieving Pcwtofflc*
officials, so has It been always. In the vast
aggregate of business* transacted by the Gov
ernment the dishonest man is rare, and his de
tect'on certain. The great humiliation is that
the thefts were from the people of : an island
toward whom we sustain a fiduciary; relation,
and whose confidence we ask. That 'this Gov
ernment makes good • the • loss , is not enough,
and perhaps the lesson has . not been ¦ In vain
If It shall serve to stimulate us to even greater
care In s dealing; with ¦ these people for - whom
we have poured out our blood and, treasure,'
and whom we hope some day to welcome on
terms of closest friendship aa citizens ', of a
sister republic - "•-*. * ', >
- We are dealing -with Cuba In a spirit not only
of fairness but of generosity and of absolute
unselfishness, and whenever the Inhabitants; of
that island ¦ evince and , declare their ability to
take over its government and control,*, that day
they shall receive 'it; and until, then we shall
continue to administer its affairs under a rule
salutary and satisfactory to all. pood s citizens
In Cuba and creditable to the administration at
Washington under whose orders the government
Is conducted.
Had there been no war with: Spain this re
public. Inclined -by principle and Instinct and
tradition to peaceful .ways, .would: have contin
ued the development of our national resources
and character within , Its existing borders, con
tent in the future a* throughout the 'century
lust ending, with that* path: of national . duty.
We are not a warlike or a quarrelsome people.
We have ¦*. never •- coveted : the • possessions r of
other principalities, .and. land lust In < unknown
among ue, we would fight to the death to pro-
REV. EDGAR M. LEVY. CHAPLAIN OF THE REPUBLICAN NA
TIONAL CONVENTION.
It will be interesting to know that Rev. Dr. Levy delivered the invoca
tion at the first Republican convention in Philadelphia forty-four years ago.
He was born at St. Marys. Southern Georgia, nearly eighty years aeo, and
¦was ordained In the Baptist ministry in 1844. After being ordained Mr. Levy
wont to Newark. H. J.. where he took charge of the South Baptist Church.
After staying in Newark for several years he resigned his pastorship of
the South Baptist Church and went to Philadelphia. Mr. Levy was pastor
of the Epiphany Baptist Church at Thirty-sixth and Chestnut streets for
fifteen years. He was pastor of the Tabernacle at Thirty-seventh and
Chestnut streets for the same period. After forty years of constant ser
vice he resigned from the pulpit in 18S4. Mr. Levy's first vote was cast for
Henry Clay of Kentucky in 1S44. Mr. Levy was surprised to hear that he
had been appointed chaplain for the convention. He Is 80 years of age
CONVENTION
PROCEEDINGS
Continued From Second Page.
people, and a conflict seemed inevitable he
faced popular clamor and heated counsels, and
still believed that the wrongs of Cuba could be
remedied and redressed without an appeal to
the arbitrament of war.
The folly of Spain and the indignation of the
American people forbade a peaceful solution.
Then the President, seconded by a Republican
Congress, before a gun was fired, declared to
the world the lofty and unselfish motives that
alone actuated the nation. No man now. or
in the centuries to come, when history, which
alone '•triumphs over time," recounts the mar
velous Etory of the war which changed the
map of the world, shall ever truthfully say
.that this republic was animated by any but
the noblest purposes. Recorded time tells of
no such war, for it was fought, with bloody
sacrifice, by a great and free republic, for the
freedom of another race, while its own liber
ties were unassailed.
This Is not the time or the occasion to dwell
upon the incidents of the war. crowded with
successive victories and illumined with count
less examples of individual bravery and gal
lant conduct. Its living heroes are honored by
a generous country; Its dead have ennobled the
race and will live forever In the hearts of a
grateful people. ' Throughout all Its anxious
days the President, commander In chief of our
armies and our navies, planned and directed
with unerring hand. His diplomacy saved us
from threatened international complications.
From the commencement of hostilities until
their close the conduct of Ihe war was unas
sailable, and the paltry criticisms of two years
ago are already burled in the limbo of ob
livion.
In August. 189f. a preliminary protocol was
executed at Washington, followed by the ses
sions of the Peace Commissioners of the United
States and Spain, in Paris, commencing in Oc
tober of that year. Public , Interest In this
country concerning these negotiations was ln
tenr«. Until our soldiers and sailors had landed
at Manila ire had known little of the condi
tions of the people of. the Philippines. We soon
ascertained that the cruelties and oppressions
existing in Cuba were mild compared with the
treatment to which 8,000,000 of people In those
Islands were subjected. We realized that If
we relinquished the archipelago to Spain we
consigned its inhabitants again to a condition
worse than slavery, worse than barbarism. We
had put our hands to the plow, and every In
stinct of honor and humanity forbade us to
turn back. A universal demand arose from
all over the country that we should retain our
hold upon these islands, afford their people the
protection of our laws,' lift them out of their
unfortunate condition and fit them, if possible,
for ielf-go\-ernment. Any agreement by our
commissioners to give back the Philippines to
Spain, reserving for ourselves an island or a
coaling station, would have aroused a universal
national indignation, and would never have
been ratified by the representatives of the peo
ple. . .
Philippines Must Be Liberated.
No man saw this so clearly as did the Presi
dent. In his advices to the Commissioners he
tcld them It was imperative that we should be
governed only by motives that should exalt
the nation; that territorial expansion was our
least cencern. but thet, whatever else was
done, the people of the Philippines must be
liberated from Spanish domination, and he
reached this view solely through considerations
of duty and humanity; The American Com
missioners, men of differing: political faiths,
reached ¦ a unanimous conclusion.' The treaty
of Parts was ratified by the vote. of two-thlrdt
of the Senate, 1 and the' territory we acquired
under it became lawful and legal . possessions
of the , United States. The " responsibility f or
the war rested upon us all; the responsibility
tSt the treaty rests chiefly upon the Republican
party, and t*"«t party avows - the wisdom of
Jhe treaty ana^eclares it "to be the policy of
the party to Vbtre : to Its terms and to ac
cept the re?ponMJ>llltles.lt imi>osed.'' .,-.
Ihjrlwr the -weeks and months preceding the j
outbreak of hostilities with Spain the President i
of the United States, who knew by personal
experience on many a battlefield, something of
the horror* of war. and who realised the ex
peruse and suffering which war entailed, stood i
firmly upon the ground that a peaceful solu- \
tton could be found. .And -when that awful
occurrence took place Jn the harbor of Havana,
and a hot frenzy of indignation swept over oar j
\Ve assumed .dominion of P«rto Rico, ¦ Cuba,
and the Philippines, for reasons differing as
to each of, them. , . ¦ ¦ . . . . \ ¦
We took .' to • ourselves . the llttlt v island of
PcrtoRieo. because it lay under the shadow of
our own shores, and because its continued oc
trupaney'-.by Spain or by any fore lro govern
ment would be a constant menace to the States
and to that great lnteroceanlc waterway which
we shall * build and own and operate u ad
And above all we shall, having
then before us the report of the able
commission now ascertaining 1 the
most favorable route, pass a law un
der which we shall build and own
and operate as property of tho United '
States, tinder exclusive American
dominion and control, a ship canal
connecting the Atlantic and Pacific.
Through ft In time of peace the commerce of
the world shall pass. If we shall be unhappily
t.T.Kapf'd in war, the canal shall carry our wax
*l;lps and tshall exclude those or the enemy, and
under eruditions which shall violate no treaty
stipulations.
This i» the brief account of our stewardship
for four year*. * During a portion of that
period »e were involved In a war that £or &
time paralyzed business and commerce and i
would have taxed heavily the resources and '
credit of any other country than ours; and tor 1
the past year or more we have been employing
an army of some 59,000 men In suppressing an
insurrection against our authority SOOO miles
away. No industry has felt the strain of these
extraordinary expenses, nor nave they affected
the general sum of cur prosperity. More than
that the conditions resulting from the legls
iatlon of the patt four years have obliterated
every issue that was raised during the last
campaign. The Democracy, having therefore
to find some rallying cry. seek it ir. the re-
FUlt« of our late war with fcpain, a.nd upon
that question, as upon all others, we stand
ready to meet them in the open. .-•-
McKinley Was for Peace.
To Upbuild Ocean Marine.
There U more to follow this summary of a
few of the leading measures passed by a Re
publican Cong-reei* and approved by a Republi
can President. Before the expiration of Mr.
McKinley's first term we shall have passed a
law relieving certain articles from a portion at j
least of the burdens they now carry because j
of the *ar revenue act, and meanwhile we |
have, oul of eurplu» revenues, already paid and i
called in tor cancellation J43.OOO.OOO of outstacd- '
ing bonds. The coming winter will see enacted !
Into law legislation which shall revivify and
upbuild our American ocean marine and enable
us to compete on fair term* with the cub- I
oldized ships of foreign nations -which now bo L
largely monopolize the carriage- of American j
goods.
that shines on you blesses them also, and the
shadow before year door darkens their homes
as well. They are naturally expansionists in
the Western olalns and mountains, and when
they see a treat political party attacking the
integrity of tiw^natlon and lending encourage
ment to in»urrei tionlsts who are Rhootlng down
our soldiers and resisting the authority of the
Government of the United States, all other
questions fade and are forgotten, and they find
themselves standing shoulder to shoulder in
the ranks of the Republican party, keeping »tep
always "to the music of the Union."
National Honor Secure.
Our national . honor is; equally secure.
The American - people are /neither
nor* pessimists,': and- they.. will nQt signalize
the dawn of the new century by the surrender
of either convictions or territory. • Every t sol-,
dler back from the i«iands, and they are in
There is kittle room for fear.- The
f aimer : and , the artisan in ' their i day
bf ; prosperity still ; remember. thV im
poverishment and blight of Democ
racy, and the Chicago /platform has
no allurements for them. '
; Never since '84, when the voters of the coun
try . were . called upon to determine whether
the efforts of Abraham Lincoln to preserve
the Union should be continued, or whether
they should be abandoned and other measures
attempted, have questions so : vital been ; pre
sented to the American people for, settlement.
Th'.-ir decision, must determine the maintenance
or the degradation of. both our. national credit
and our national honor. A Democratic , Presi
dent could ' paralyze the operation of the nsw
currency law as effectively as If It were wiped
from -our statute books. •-.; A Democratic vic
tory -would- infuse new 'lit* 'Into the Tagal in
surrection, cent us the lives of of
our gallant army in the. Philippines. 7 impair
or. destroy ¦ our prestige, If not our power, ,. in
the .< islands, . make us a byword among the
other great ; nations • of the world ! and oblit
erate '} our Influence In • the .- settlement , of the
vital . questions certain : to arise when China
shall be. opened to foreign commerce.
¦ The obstacles to the establishment of a civil
government in the islands are many, . but we
shall overcome them. Mistakes will undoubt
edly be made, but we shall remedy them. We
shall in time extend over that archipelago the
aegta of our protection arid of free government
and w* shall gradually but surely lift Up these
alien and savage races Into the light of oivll
lzatlon and Christianity. Meanwhile, American
enterprise and Ingenuity and push may be de
pended upon to develop the resources of the
Islands and make them an added source of
wealth to our country. The wise statesmanship
of the President and our able Secretary of State
has already brought from the countries of Eu
rope a recognition of our right to share in the
vast commercial advantages which , will follow
the opening of the Chinese Empire to foreign
trade; the Nicaracuan canal will be soon con
structed; Hawaii, with its valuable harbor. Is
ours; we possess, the best of tl*e Samoan
Islands, with Its magnificent roadway; the Phil
ippines are almost at the door of China, and if
counsels of fear do not prevail this generatldn
will see the American nation girdling half the
glebe with its nag-, extending its foretgm com
merce to the uttermost parts of the earth, and
taking Its place among the great world-nations,
a power for good, for peace and for righteous
ness. >!-'»-'¦ ¦;¦¦¦¦ - ¦ ¦ -.- ' .
The Insurrection agufrst our legitimate au
thority, which for the time Impede* our efforts
to establUh a government for the Filipinos, in
volves us in a sacrifice of lives and of treas
ure. The obstacles we encounter in the island
ef Luzon are many, but the chief Inspiration
and encouragement of the Tagal Insurrection
come from the Democratic headquarters 'In the
United States. Partisanship has proved stronger
tlmn patriotism, even while our soldiers are be
ing, murdered by marauding bandits, and If it
were not for the hope held out to Agulnaldo by
American sympathizers' the Insurrection in the
Philippines would long ago have ended.,.
Many Obstacles Encountered.
There are parallels In our own history. "We
purchased Florida from Spain in 1S21, when it
had four thousand white settlers, for five mil
lion of dollars and other valuable considera
tions. . The Semlnoles, natives of the soil,
brave, resolute, having greater Intelligence
and character that the Tagals, disputed
our possession. We sent Andrew Jack
son down ' to fight them and it took
us twenty-one years to subdue them
and Bend what was left of them west of the
Mississippi. If the "Anti-everythings" had
lived then they would, I suppose, have urged
us to turn over Florida to Oseeola, the Aguin
aldo of tho Semlnoles'. Would you, after the
war. with Mexico and the Gadsden purchase,
have given the great area south and west of
the Arkansas to the red Apache? Not so did
our fathers : construe their duty, and as they
built, so shall we. their eons.
What would the Democracy have
us do? Give them up to rapine and
bloodshed and leave the islands as
flotsam and jetsam on the face of the
waters? 'r-'^^V-iuV
We are actually owners of the Philippines by
an undisputed and indubitable title.' We are
there as the necessary and logical outcome
of our victory over Spain. There are upward
of a thousand Islands sprinkled upon that
southern sea. peopled by more than eighty
tribes of differing race and language, and hav
ing absolutely nothing in common with each
other. Most of these tribes welcome our coming
and are grateful for our protection. The Tagal
tribe, hostile not only to us but to most of the
native tribes, are in insurrection against our
authority. They have neither a government
nor the capacity to conduct one, and are wag
ing a uredatory guerilla warfare whleh would
be turned against the other native tribes if we
let them alone.
We haven't been there long, but long enough
to reach two conclusions: One Is that the first
thing we Intend doing Is to suppress the Tagal
Insurrection and to .establish law and order
throughout the archipelago. That is the first
thing we shall do. And the last, the very last
thing- we intend doing, Is to consider, even for
a moment, the question of giving up or of
abandoning these islands.
We are told that the Islands are rich in all
the products of the tropics. In mineral wealth,
and In the possibilities of their future develop
ment. So much the better. But if they were
as barren as the Libyan desert we would have
taken them Just the same.
The future of nations,' however, like the fu
ture of man, is hid from mortal vision, and,
no more than man may a nation choose its own
duties. When this war ended and we faced
our victory in all Us completeness we found
eight millions of people, living upon uncounted
islands delivered into our hands. Abandonment
of them would be confession that while
the oppression by Spain of a million and a half
of Cubans demanded our armed Interference,
greater barbarity and cruelty to millions of
Filipinos, less able to protect themselves, was
a subject of no concern to us. No civilized na
tion In the world, no Christian nation, could
have turned these people back to "Spain. Our
commissioners, -when they Insisted upon our
retention of the Philippines, voiced the senti
ment g and wishes of the American people: and
this nation has assumed with open eyes and
with full realization of the difficulties which
may be encountered, the grave responsibilities
imposed upon us by the treaty of Paris.
Cannot Abandon Islands.
tect that .which Is rightfully ours; to avenge a
wrong sought to be perpetrated upon us, and
to guard tSjjK hemisphere from any attempt by
foreign pcWKj to further extend their rule over
its soil. • ThrPnas been our creed, and we have
looked forward with hope and with confidence
to the time when these United States, lying be
tween the two oceans should lead among the
nations of the earth, not by right of the
sword, but because the character and high In
telligence of our people and the marvelous re
sources of bur country would enable us. In the
peaceful rivalry of commerce, to dominate
eventually- the markets of the world. To that
end we had, for more than a -hundred years,
held ourselves aloof from foreign complications
and sought to make ourselves strong from with
in, with no thought of colonial conquest.
• .NATIONAL COMMITTEE.
Arkansas— Powell Clayton.
California— W. C. Van Fleet.
Cclorado— E. ' O. Wolcott. ; '
There was a momentary lull, and then
Mr. Wolcott, gazing out at the assem
blage, said: '
"Governor Taylor of Kentucky Is rec
ognized." „ .
Every eye was turned toward the cen
ter of the hall, where a gaunt, black
garbed figure, with the swarthy face of
an Indian, stood awaiting a pause in the
hurrah which his name evoked.
"Come to the platform, Governor; they
want to see you," called out Air. Wolcott.
The much-talked-of man from Kentucky
moved up the aisle to • the platform, re
ceiving- a cheer as Senator Wolcott ad
vanced to greet him. There ,was a ¦¦ mo
mentary silence as the convention waited,
apparently expecting a speech ; echoing
some of the dramatic incidents , in Ken
tucky. But. .instead of. that, in a piping
voice, Governor Taylor seconded the nom
inations of the i various officials who had
been announced, and; tni3 done, left the
stage. The nominations were made unan
imous.
" "Mr. Payne of ; New -York," announced
the chairman, and again all eyes turned
to the center of the hall, where this time
the chairman ; of ' the Ways and Means
Committee was seen.. He moved that the
rules , of." the last j convention : prevail until
other rules were adopted, and this was
agreed . to ; without dissent.
The call of the roll of States for the
submission of . of the. various
committees -'then began. "It proved a
tedious process; and. the convention- was
virtually In recess as the ~ names were
handed In. The committees are as fol
lows*.: * . • ,
Governor Taylor Recognized.
Senator Wolcott has a clear, resonant
voice which penetrated to the farthest
recess of the hall. He speaks, however,
with great rapidity, and this, perhaps,
somewhat spoiled the effect of his speech.
But the thousands before him were in
thorough sympathy and he had no dif
ficulty in striking a jesponsive chord.
When, with outstretched arms, he pre
dicted the triumphant election of the Re
publican ticket in November the audience
surrendered, and when he first mentioned
President McKinley's name he could not
proceed for a minute owing to the demon
stration. As he rehearsed the history of
the four years of Republican administra
tion, the prosperity which had blessed it,
the victories it had won. the glorious out
come of the Spanish-American war, the
campaign of misrepresentation in connec
tion with the Philippines which its ene
mies had inaugurated and which It had
met, the convention repeatedly broke Into
applause.- , ..
It was a keynote speech, covering the
legislation which had been placed on the
statute books, and its deepest note was
the prosperity of this country and the
legislation which made its continuation
possible if the present administration was
continued in power. That was the theme
to which the demonstration of the con
vention clung. When he said that the old
issue of the Democrats was dead and that
thev were driven to find new issues in a
war which they had boen most anxious
to precipitate, the convention rose, but
the outburst was even greater when he
declared that the division among the
Republicans of the East and the West on
the financial Issue was a thing of the
past and that those who had . left the
party four years ago In the West were re
turning on the issue of expansion. The
first mention of expansion was also the
signal for a demonstration. ¦
Senator Wolcott paced up and down
along the front of the platform as he
proceeded, and several times consulted his
notes. He is not at his best in a pre
pared speech, and his admirers were pos
sibly a little disappointed. He concluded
his speech at 2:12 o'clock.
The Indiana delegation led the applause
when Senator Wolcott announced that the
thieving postofllce officials in Cuba would
be hunted down. Probably the greatest
demonstration occurred when he said that
we would establish law and order In the
Philippines, and. that the last thing to be
considered was to give up the islands.
Tho delegates got on their feet and
cheered when he declared that our sol
diers were burled in tha sands of Luzon
and we would never give up the soil that
held our dead. _¦--¦¦
He spoke an hour and ten minutes and
as his brilliant peroration closed there was
another enthusiastic demonstration of ap
proval, delegates standing on chairs and
waving hats, umbrellas and handker
! chiefs, while at the same time the band
added the enlivening strains of a patriotic
air. Mr. Wolcott received many hearty
handshakes from those about him, and
then turned to the convention, announcing
the long list of secretaries and officials
: previously agreed upon.
Wolcott's a Keynote Speech.
Whatever else In the past has suffered change
or decay, the Republican p&rty. which for forty
years has been identified with everything en
nobling and uplifting in our history was never
as vital, as virile and as vigorous as to-day.
And the heritage we shall transmit to the
new century, to the coming generation and to
their children, and to their children^ children,
shall be a record clean and untarnished, an
unquenchable faith In free institutions, an un
alterable belief in the patriotism of the people
and an undying love or liberty and of country.
"God's In His heaven.
All's right with the world."
almost every hamlet In the land, returns an
advocate of their retention. Our dead are bu
ried along the sands of Luzon, and on Its soil
no foreign flag shall ever salute ihe dawn.
Whatever may be in store for us in the new
and unbeaten track upon which we are enter
ing, we shall not be found "with the unlit
lamp and the unglrt loin." Our way is new.
but it is not dark. In the readjustment of
world-conditions, where we must take our place
with the other great nations of the earth, we
shall move with caution, but not with fear.
We seek only to lift up men to better things,
.to bless and not to destroy. The fathers of
the republic accepted with courage such re
sponsibilities as devolved upon them. The same
heavens bend over us and the same power
that shielded them will guard and protect us,
for what we seek is to build stilt more firmly,
always upon foundations of probity and of
virtue, the glorious edifice of the republic.
We stand at the dawn of the new century.
Before it shall have reached its meridian the
youngest here will have passed beyond this life
or beyond the sphere of usefulness. New re
cruits will step into the ranks as we fall out.
This very year thousands of young men will
for the first time exercise the right of citizen
ship and cast their ballots at the national
election. The safety of this republic must ever
rest in "the courage of young hearts and the
vigor of a noble manhood." Youth is buoyant
and hopeful. No snarling criticism, or gospel
of a little America, or prophecy of despair
will find response from hearts that beat full
and strong with courage and with faith, and
While there has been a great deal of
talk about the influence of the adminis
tration in the Vice Presidential contest
it is taken for granted that the President
favors Long or the Secretary would not
be a candidate, but no one seems to have
The Kansas delegation determined to
vote for Roosevelt and told him so. Wis
consin is another State which seems to be
determined to vote for Roosevelt.
• The contest has not assumed any such
definite form as to even approximate the
relative strength of the three candidates,
for. the votes for the others in view of the
developments cannot be considered more
than complimentary. , The action of dif
ferent delegations have some significance.
New Jersey with 20 votes and California
with IS declared for Long. Other States
evinced a desire to support any candidate
agreeable to the administration, while
there are a numbter of States In the "West
that are determined to vote for Roose
velt. In Maryland there was a curious
action. The delegation was favorable to
Roosevelt, but decided to take him at his
word and not support ¦ him. Then they
heard that the administration was for
Long and a number of them sent word to
Hanna that Long's, nomination would
make It difficult to carry that State on
account of the feeling for Rear Admiral
Schley, who is a native of Maryland. The
delegates preferred to vote for Dolliver
fer these reasons.
Platt then tried to get an admission
from Hanna to support Odell. and this
was refused on the ground of being unjust
to the other candidates In the field. Platt
asked for time and the matter went back
to the New York delegation.
Hanna talked to Platt as he had talked
to Odell and Quay the day before. He
told him that because Platt does not want
Roosfivelt in New York was no reason
why he should attempt to force him upon
the party in national politics.
The conferences between Senator Hanna
and Senator Platt were an interesting
feature of the Vice Presidential contest.
Platt and Hanna Confer.
This Is one of the chances that Senator
Hanna is willing to take in the fight he is
making.
"I have'from the beginning of the con
sideration of this subject occupied one po
sition and, that was that if at any time it
should be. apparent that the convention
desired or demanded the nomination of
Governor Roosevelt, he should feel him
self obliged to respond favorably; I would
not be in line against him. Otherwise I
would ask for the support of the delegates
of the State of New York, a considerable
number of whonvat one time and another
have told me that they would give me
their support. I thank them. I" find from
all I have heard since I have been here
that the delegation wants Governor Roose
velt nominated for Vice President. I be
lieve that a very large majority, not only
a very large majority, but practically all
of the members of this delegation desire
it. Having no preference for any other
man, it does seem to me impossible that
Mr. Woodruff said
Chairman Depew said the meeting was
called for the purpose of deciding whether
the New York State delegation should net
upon a nomination for Vice President.
Governor Roosevelt had made a state
ment of his' position, but that statement
had not stopped the sentiment \n his fa
vor. He moved thai Lieutenant Governor
Woodruff be allowed the privilege of the
floor and this was ordered.
The New York delegation met at 10:13
p. m., sixty- delegates being present. Gov
ernor Roosevelt was greeted - by cheers
when he entered the room.
Woodruff 13 Heard.
authority to use 'the President's name in
a way to make the delegates feel obliged
to vote for any particular candidate.
It was rumored that to-day a message
had been received from the President,
saying that the convention must reir.ain
untrarrmeled and the administration must
not be brought into the matter in any
way. To whom it was sent, If at. ill.
could not be learned, although it was said
Senator Hanna. bad received such a mes
sage. The Senator, when asked if he had
received a telegram to that effect, replied
that he had not received a telegram from
the President since he had been in Phila
delphia. . i ¦
The Senator did not believe that there
would, be a loss of more than a few votes,
although Dolliver men in the West de
clare-<hat they will not vote for Lon?,
and there seems to be a large number of
Eastern men who are now for Long who
say they prefer Roosevelt to Dolllver.
"If we can't do it, then we have not got
control of the convention," said Senator
Hanna. "If the friends of the President
cannot agree upon a candidate, and by
their differences cause the nomination of
a man that is not wanted and does not
want the place they will have to take the
responsibility for it."
In making the fight against Roosevelt
Senator Hanna finds the opponents of
Roosevelt divided, some for Long and
some for Dolliver. The question of trans
ferring the vote from one to the other
without nominating the man they wish is
the difficult problem.
The next serious proposition that con
fronts Mr. Hanna Is what he shall do as
between Long and Dolliver. There is a
popular sentiment for Dolliver In the
West that is hard to overcome. Long Is
regarded as a passive kind of a candidate,
and while no objection is urged against
him he does not attract the delegates.
But he is Mr. Hanna's personal choice and
is preferred by the President. Dolliver's
friends have pointed out to Senator
Hanna that the Iowa candidate has now
got Into the fight so far that he wants to
win. to which Hanna replied that defeat
would not injure Dolliver. He had al
ready acquired a great deal of promi
nence, says Senator Hanna, and he- will
not be injured if he should be defeated by
a candidate like Secretary Long.
Long: and Dolliver.
One thing definitely 'developed. There
is to be a fight. The nomination is not to
be made without a contest. . Senator
Hanna is dcing all he can to defeat Roose
velt and has determined to continue on
that line to the end. He is lining up the
friends of ths administration against
Roosevelt. In this he is acting in har
mor.y with the wishes of Roosevelt, who
has urged all delegates visiting him not
to vote for him for Vice President.
"Under these circumstances it does seem
to me that Governor Roosevelt ought to
be the selection of New York State. nQt
necessarily that the delegation should
present his name, but that he should take
the nomination. Unless this delegation
decides upon some one the nomination will
"If I thought I could be, nominated by
this convention I certainly would encour
age the sentiment which my friend from
Brooklyn has pressed. But thWe is an
uncertainty as to whether I can be nom
inated even If presented by the State.
There is not a man In the room who does
not know that Governor Roosevelt can be
nominated and that he would be satisfac
tory to every man In the convention.
There may be those who for reasons best
known to themselves but not to me seek
to nominate some one else. No one else
could be nominated who would be near as
strong.
Mr. Waldo of Kings urged the delega
tion to take Governor Roosevelt at his
word. He urged that the delegates agree
upon a candidate, but they certainly could
not decide upon Governor Roosevelt, he
said, when the Governor had earnestly
requested them not to support him. There
was then but one candidate before the
delegation, Mr. Waldo said, who had any
considerable support, and that was Lieu
tenant Governor Woodruff, an 3 the whole
delegation had supported him, as Gover
nor Roosevelt was not a candidate. He
closed by moving that Lieutenant Gover
nor Woodruff be made the choice of the
delegation for .Vice President. j
James R. Howe seconded the nomina
tion. ,
Lieutenant Governor Woodruff then
said:
Teddy Taken at His Word.
"I earnestly ask that every friend of
mine in the convention will respect my
wishes and my judgment In the matter,
and I ask it now of you. my fellow dele
gates, of you, my friends, who cannot be
any more Jealous than I am of the grand
name of the party and the party's success
in New York State." (Applause.)
The Governor then said with emphasis
"Now, gentlemen, I want to repeat to
you the last sentence, word for word, of
the statement I made yesterday."
"Gentlemen and Delegates: After lis
tening to the equally generous and dig
nified statement of the Lieutenant Gov
ernor It is due to him that I should say
one word as to my position. It Is simply
to ask you to take the words I have ut
tered at their face value. If you don't
think I mean them you don't believe in
me for Vice President or "anything else.
But If you think I mean them, then I
ask you to stand with me. After a long
consultation with my men, not a few of
whom are present here to-night. I defin
itely took the position that I did not wish
to be nominated for Vice President; that
if the Republican party. chose to renorn
inate me for Governor I should be pleased
to accept. I took that position not in the
least from regard to my own predilec
tions, but In the belief that there I could
do the best service— the best work—be
cause I have never felt that I had a right
to say that if nominated I should refuse.
Certain men have seemed to doubt me as
to what "I mean to say.
Governor Roosevelt spoke next. He
said:
Roosevelt Speaks Plainly.
"It seems to me that < the time has now
arrived when it should be determined
whether or not New York is to have a
candidate— Governor Roosevelt or some
body else, because ,1 believe it necessary
to the success of the Republican party as
far as the Republican party is concerned.
We ought to have the Vice Presidential
nomination. Our State will be the bat
tle ground in the campaign. If Governor
Roosevelt or some other man from New
York State is not nominated by the con
vention our success will certainly be im
periled. The 'conditions have been such
during the past few days that It does
seem 'to, me that this delegation should
settle the matter among themselves. The
Governor himself, being a delegate, can
argue his own case."
he could resist such a demand. For that
reason I have not asked any member to
support my candidacy.
PHILADELPHIA. June 19.-L5euten
| ant Govc-rr.or T1moth>*'L. Woodruff!
c Trill be presented to the National
Itepublfean Convention as the can
didate of New York for Vice Presi
<>nt. It was decided to do this 'after a
four hours* stormy session of the New
York delegation, during which every kind
nf appeal was made to get Governor
Hooaetrelt to say that he would accept the
jiomlnatlon. The Vice Presidential situ
ation is srill mixed, because It is asserted
that New York makes this move so as to
go into the convention with a candidate
nnd yet hoping that Roosevelt will ba
nominated. Senator Hanna has stated
that he controls the delegates to such an
« xtcnt that he can nominate any candi
date he pleases, and it is not known that
ho has withdrawn his objections to Wood
ruff. The latter was as much surprised
as anybody over the result.
In general the idea seems to be preva
lent that Secretary Long is the most fa
ired candidate, with a probability that
Koosevelt may still be nominated. Gov
ernor Roosevelt believes that, his wishes
having been respected by his own delega
tion, he is finally out of the race.
Eanna's Pointed Statement.
""What is the situation to-night. Sena
tor?"
"Roosevelt is out of it and will not be
nominated."
The question was put to Senator Hanna
and that is the way he answered it. This
was after another effort during the day
to stampede the delegates to Roosevelt.
As before the effort was made by New
York or.d Pennsylvania. Plait and Quay,
through their lieutenants, worked all day
to make Roosevelt the candidate. The
stampede which had been checked and
turned last night was begrun early in the
morninjc. Many stories were circulated.
Roosevelt was quoted as saying abso
lutely that he would accept If nominated.
He was also quoted as having had a
change of heart and wanted the nomina
tion. In fact, all kinds of rumors were In
circulation, and the situation remained
cloudy all day and did not clear very
much in the evening.
General Francis Greene said: x
it would be a serious mistake ta norninato
Governor Roosevelt for Vice President— si
serious mistake for the party at large, for
the party In New York and for governor
Roosevelt himself. In my humble judg
ment, he is the strongest man In the stare
for the otflce of Governor. It 13 \ery
doubtful if any one else can be elected
Governor. I thin- if he Is not the candi
date for Governor we will lose the State
of New York and thereby the^ nation. L
agree that the State of New Ttork ought
to have a candidate. The Governor does
not wish the Vice Presidency. To whom
then shall we turn? The Lieutenant oov
ernor la a worthy candidate."
Edward Lauterbach of New York, who
has been one of the most ardent support
ers of the Roosevelt Vice Presi.U-ntial
boom, made an earnest appeal for Koope
vc-lt to take the nomination. He flntshea
by saying, after a passionate appeal to
Roosevelt to take the nomination: I don t
think we ought to select any candidate,
but simply let the convention do so. and
Governor Roosevelt no declining will bo
nominated." i . I ., .
Chairman Depew said the question be
fore the body was Mr. Waldos motloa to
make Mr. Woodruff the candidate. In an
instant a delegate jumped to his feet and
made a motion to substitute the name or
Governor Roosevelt. There were cries of
"No." and several counter-motions to lay
on the table and adjourn were made.
Finally a brief recess was taken after tha
Kings County men mad© a last appeal for
Mr. "Woodruff. '
When the gavel fell again Mr. Depew
put the- Woodruff motion and the dele
gates carried it with a few dissenting
votes, and the caucus adjourned.
"Woodruff ths Candidate.
go elsewhere-to a State where the Re
publican majority 13 a hundred thousand.
Turr.ing to Governor Roosevelt he said:
"I know that you are absolutely sincere
and I know that you desire the guberna
torial nomination, but there is no ques
tion that the feeling among the delegates
here makes your nomination absolutely
inevitable. As long as there Is any possi
bility of accepting the nomination it is
right that you should receive it by accla-
declared that there was
only one man who could strengthen the
ticket and that was Roosevelt. Hweto
not present him." he said, "let us present
no one." (Applause.)
NEW YORK DELEGATION TO NAME WOODRUFF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20, 1900.
Connecticut— Charles F. Brooker.
Florida— John O. Lone
Georrla— Judson W. Lyons.
Idaho— George L. Shoup.
Illinois— Greame Stewart.
Indiana — Harry C. New.
Iowa — Ernest E. Hart.
Kansas— David W. Mulvane.
Kentucky— John W. Yerkes.
Louisiana — A. T. Wlmberly.
Maine— Joseph K. Manley.
Maryland— T. C. McComas.
Massachusetts— G. V. L. Meyer.
Michigan— William H. Elliott.
Minnesota— Thomas Shevelin.
Mississippi— H. C. Turley.
Missouri — Richard C. Kerens.
Montana— William H. Dewitt.
Nevada— P. L. Flanagan.
New Hampshire— Charles T. Means.
New Jersey— Franklin Murphy.
New York— Frederick 8. Gibbs.
North Dakota— Alexander McKlnsey.
Ohio— George B. Cox.
Oregon— George A. EJieel.
Pennsylvania— M. S. Quay.
Rhode Island— B. Frank Brayton.
South Carolina— E. A. Webster.
South Dakota— J. M. Green.
Tennessee— Walter P. Brownlow.
Vermont— James W. Brock.
Virginia— George E. Bowden.
Washington— George H. Baker.
West Virginia— N. B. Scott.
Wisconsin— Henry C. Payne.
Wyomlng-WilUs Van de Vanter.
Arizona— William M. Griffith.
Indian Territory— William M. Mellett*.
New Mexico— Solomon Luna.
Oklahoma— William Galnes.
COMMITTEE ON RESOLUTION*.
Alabama— J. W. Dlmmick.
Arkansas— C. W. Rlx.
California— Chester A. Roweli.
Colorado— C. C. Cavender.
Connecticut— W. E. Seeley.
Florida— Walter O. Robinson.
Georgia— H. A. Rucker.
Idaho— W. B. Heyburn.
Illinois— Martin B. Madden.
Indiana— Charles W. Fairbanks.
Iowa— George W. • French.
Kansas— M. A. Lowe.
Kentucky— W. . S. Taylor.
Louisiana— Emile Kuntz.
Maine— Frank C. Parson.
Maryland— T. C. N °y«-_,__- 1 /
Massachusetts— Walter Clifford.
Michigan— Edward N. Dlngley.
Minnesota— Cushman K. Davis.
Mississippi— John R. Lynch.
Missouri- D. P. .Dyer.
Montana— Thomas H. Carter.
Nebraska— E. Rosewater.
N«vada-O. J. Smith.
New Hampshire— J. H. Galllnger.
New Jersey— Frederick P. -Olcott.
New York— Lemuel E. Qutgg.
' North Carolina— J. H. McNamee.
North Dakota— P. J. McCumber.
Ohio— Joseph B. Foraker.
Oregon— John D. Daly.
Pennsylvania — Boise Penrose.
Rhode Island — Charles Brayton.
South Carolina — E. J. Dickerson.
South Dakota— O. G. Bennett.
Tennessee— Foster V. Brown.
Utah— George Sutherland.
Vermont — L. M. Reed.
Virginia— S. B. Brown Allen.
' Washington J. Maston.
West Virginia— E. H. Fllnn.
Wisconsin— J. B. Treat.
Wyoming— W. D. MondelL
Arizona— C. H. Akers. '
Indian Territory — A. F. Parkinson.
New Mexico— E. A. Cannon.
Oklahoma— J. R. 1 Tate.
"While the lists were being 1 brought to
the stage Governor Roosevelt was hold-
Ing a regular levee In the pit. Delegates
swarmed toward him from all directions.
The New Mexico delegates, with broad
sombreros, climbed over the seats in their
eagerness to get to him and shako his
hand. People leaned over the rail of the
pit watching his every movement. When
order, had been restored after the con
fusion Incident to this scene Mr. Wol
cott announced that the socretary would
read the lists of the various committees.
These committees,, he announced.- could
meet Immediately after the adjournment
of to-day's session.
The clerk read the list in a voice which
did not carry fifty, feet from the stage
and the spectators who usually applaud
. the . names of popular "party i leaders as
they are called were denied this pleasure
of paying tribute to their favorites. Not
a Blngle. name , was applauded.
: , .Temporary Officers.
The following list of temporary officers
was announced:
Additional Convention Ne-wa on
Fifth Page.
4PHILADELPHIA. June 19.— After two
days of uncertainty the California delega
tion decided to support Secretary Long
for Vice President. Some of the delegates
would be glad to vote for Roosevelt, but
they arc inclined to take him at his word
end refrain from voting for him. George
A. Knight, chairman of the delegation,
paid to-night that In the circumstances it
would cast its eighteen votes for Long.
The Secretary is very popular, not only In
California, but all along the Pacific Coast,
and, with Roosevelt out of the race, he
probably. In the opinion of his California
irlends. will receive generous support
from that section.
The Minnesota delegation will meet to
morrow morning to consider the advisa
bility of placing the r.ame of ex-Senator
W. D. Washburn of that State before the
convention for Vice President. It is be
lieved to be almost certain that the dele
gation will decide to honor the ex-Senator,
and Cushman 1C Davis will be the man
to make the nominating speech. Many of
the delegates to-nipht expressed them
pelves as being In iavor of naming Mr.
Washburn and voting for him until a can
didate is decided upon.
The X'tah delegation is deadlocked over
the selection of a national committeeman
and it appears more than likely that the
disagreement will be carried to the na
tional committee for settlement. Three
of the delegates — Governor Wells, Thomas
Kerns and Edward Loose — presented the
rame of O. J. Salisbury of Salt Lake City,
but he is not satisfactory to the remainder
of the delegation. The six alternates are
opposed to him. Their objection is based
upon the fact that Mr. Salisbury bolted
the party and went over to Bryan, refus
ing to serve on the national committee
at'er he had been elected in bt. Louis.
The deiegatee opposed to him are Senator
IiroVn. 5eorge M. Hanson and George
Sutherand. Their first choice Is Kb.
McCormack. a banker of Salt Lake, but
thev a-sert that any good Republican will
It ; J satisfactory. Numerous conferences
• ave bwn held but the Salisbury con
ti^enrrefuses to compromise. Delegates
KernS and Loose are millionaire eilver
m Th^ 8 kanEas delegation met this evening
-nd decided unanimously to support
iSic-evolt for V»ce 1'resident. The decla
ra^on was made in a few minutes. Hay-
IKooeevclt at hjs room. Ju^se , B " r i? n *.":
nouiced to the Governor that the Kansas
President. In his reply K™**™ 11 ,,™*}?*' ,
ated the statements he had made dur
ing the past three days. Jnfletlngr that he ,
did not desire the nomination and urging
all his friends to refrain ;«m voting for
him. At the conclusion of the Governor s
statement. Judee Burton said:
"Governor, we have heard your wishes.
Now. listen to our demand, lou must oe
the candidate for Vice President.
Then, turning to the members of the
Kansas delegation, resplendent In tneir
eUk Kunflowors. he said:
•?Gentlemen, allow me to present to you
the next Vice President of the Lnited
States."
The Governor greeted the members in
dlviduaJJy and cordially., but persisted In
his urgency that they ehouid not vote for
h!m.
Almost Immediately afterward Governor
Roosevelt left hie rooms and went down
stairs to attend the meeting of the New
York delegation. As he passed through
the lobby of the hotel, not turning aside
for anything or anybody, he was greeted
with enthusiastic cheers.
The Colorado, delegation will meet to
morrow morning and resolve to vote for
Roosevelt for Vice President. Several
members of the delegation do not look
upon Roosevelt's nomination with favor,
but will acquiesce In the wishes of Sena
tor Wolcott, _ i
Decide to Support Adminis
tration's Choice for Vice
President.
CALIFORNIANS
NOW FOR LONG
Crowds Make Merry on the
Streets of the Quaker:
Town.
PHILADELPHIA. June 19.— The crowd
Is easily assembled and amused. ' Tornight
Is everybody's night in Broad street. Tbe
Albany- Club started out from the Hotel
Walton about 8 o'clock, headed by a
band. The crowd quickly gathered around
the club and the band ; played while the
throngs applauded. Then somebody called
for a speech. This was seconded by every
body present. There .wero calls tor
NIGHT OF FUN
FOR VISITORS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, HOTEL
WALTON', PHILADELPHIA, June 19.—
Judge Van Fleet and Messrs. Spreckels,
Peixotto and Spear remained in Washing
ton last night so as to.be on hand lest
any further action was necessary in the
matter of the California quarantine. Spear
and Peixotto called on the Chinese Min
ister on Monday night and talked over the
situation with him. The Minister was
pleased to see and converse with persons
! who had been on the field and was much
interested In all details. He expressed
great satisfaction at the course now taken
by the Federal authorities in Washing
ton. The four gentlemen who remained
over took an early morning train from
Washington to Philadelphia.
On reaching Philadelphia Mr. Spreckels
found waiting him numerous dispatches
thanking him for his efforts and asking
him to convey thanks and congratulations
to the delegation. Many of the delegation
received individual dispatches. The spirits
of the delegates were made much lighter
and all felt much relieved. The Eastern
papers make very little comment on these
matters so vital to California, all space
being given up to convention items.
U. S. Grant Jr., delegate-at-large, and
H. G. Bond delegate,' reached here and
the delegation went into the convention
complete. Dr. George C. Pardee has been
appointed to go on the committee to no
tify the nominee for Vice President. The
delegation held a meeting In the morning
and passed resolutions thanking those |
who had contributed fruits, wine and
other California cheer.
The reception room is filled with visitors
all the while and hospitality in true Cali
fornia style ia continually dispensed.
The delegates expressed themselves as
much pleased with the address of the
temporary chairman, Senator Wolcott;
but more than one was heard to say,
"General Barnes could have done better.
tVe would like to hear him address the
convention on expansion and present Re
publicanism."
The weather is delightful: nothing bet
ter could be wished for. The hall is spa
cious and airy, the crowd well handled
and directed, facilities for reaching the
hall good and, generally, Philadelphia has
done well. A committee of Philadelphia
citizens is at hand to look after all dele
gations and the Callrornians have ex
tremely pleasant and attentive gentlemen
In attendance upon them. The committee
had a spacious house specially and ex
clusively at the disposal of the Califor
nians to see last night's big parade ami
after the parade a fine spread was served.
This was due to the thoughtful consid
eration and courtesy of Sheriff Crowe of
Philadelphia, a friend of Mose Gunst of
the delegation. Sheriff Crowe has taken
a. special .Interest in the comfort and ac
commodation of the delegation.
J. P. McCarthy of San Francisco ran
over from New York to attend the con
vention and will be here through the ses
sion.
Lifting of Kinyoun's Quar
antine Gratifies the
Delegation.
CALIFORNIANS
WELL TREATED
PHILADELPHIA, Juno 19.^The Na
tional Export Exposition : building, ; In
which the convention meets, is located in
West Philadelphia, jacross ¦ tho Schuykill
River. It is an imposing structure, with a
classic front, Corinthian columns and a
handsome architecture, crowned .by. .a
quadriga drawn by -four horses— an: alle
gorical group representing "commerce
driving her steeds: through, the, world. A
paling of staffs with their flags 1 flapping
merrily in the fresh breeze encircles the
roof. The interior the '¦ immense hall
has a capacity of 16,000. Spanning arches
overhead suggested at; once the hull" of fa"
great .ship, beheath*,whlch the \ floors,
reaching In all ' directions from the stage,"
made the inclosure of the " delegates re
semble the trough of a gigantic sea;.There
were no balconies on the sides, but a long,
straight gallery stretched across ', the ex
treme rear of the. hall; a i perfect 'terrace
of festooned: bunting,. flags and shields. 1 --.'
The decorations were profuse and elabo
rate.. Tho double row. or pillars which up
held the roof were: entwined* with. 1 cedar
and gracefully • connected with bun tins
tbe Most Striking
feature.
DECORATIONS OF
CONVENTION HALL
Crayon Portrait of McKiQley
Marcellus West was conveyed In an am
bulance to the Jefferson Hospital, where
it was found that he had sustained a
fracture of the leg.
*¦'.'¦ »
Pringey and HalP have broken legs.
Dr. Camden of Texas had an arm and
leg broken by being thrown out of the
elevator as it fell. The accident caused
great excitement. |
PHILADELPHIA. June 19.— The ele
vator in the Hotel Walton fell seven sto
ries at midnight to-night and five of the
passengers and <fhe elevator boy were in
jured. The two passengers most seri
ously hurt were J. J. Pringey, a delegate
from Oklahoma Territory, and Brenton
F. Hall, a delegate from Beldlng, Michi
gan. Dr. Burton and Walter Hunter of
Delaware, Marcellus West of Washing
ton and Dr. Camden of Texas were
among the- injured.
Elevator FaUs ar)d Six Per
sons fire Seriously
Injured.
ACCIDENT IN
HOTEL WALTON
Whllo the street throng was enjoylni It
self the hotel lobbies were In ,a merry
mood. The time for buttonholing dele
gates in the corridors had passed, so the
hotel crowds amused themselves by In
ducing anybody to mount the office stairs
and orate. From the time the speaker be
gan he was the butt of ridicule and cat
calls until he gave up in despair. And
then the lobby crowd would sing, or try
to, and wind up with a college yell.
Later In the night a drum and fife
corps, under the apprehension that they
had been neglected, started In and added
to the noise. This was a diversion for a
few minutes. and then the crowd resumed
its promenade, halting, commenting or
shouting, according to its disposition. The
weather was well adapted and the throng
made the most of the combination.
Hanna, Roosevelt, Lodge and others, and
the crowd in the street looked up at the
hotel front as If It expected to see some
of those called appear. Then the crowd
yelled for anybody to talk. ¦ There was an
advertising wagon in the crowd con
structed on the election plan. A man
mounted this and harangued the crowd.
He had the voice, and that satisfied them.
No one seemed to know the speaker's
name and no one seemed to care. When
the speaker jumped off the wagon the
band and the Albany Club moved toward
the City Hall. The crowd shifted and
broke into groups and still filled the
street.
Northern , Merchants Declare "War
' Against Pacific Coast Stsam
i ship Company.
Special IMspetch to The Call.
NEW WHATCOM, "Wash., June 19.— The
merchants of Bellingham Bay to-night de
clared war against the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company and the Seattle Job
bers unless } the . terminal , rate on 5 freight
shipments from San Francisco is restored.
Until recently, Falrhaven and New What
com have had the same rate with Seattle,
but' at the ; alleged instigation of Seattle
jobbers the steamship company. has made
a new. schedule discriminating against the
Bay; in favor of Seattle by an average of
50 cents per ton,' in an endeavor to force
trade to Seattle. ¦- At , a mass-meeting to
night the shippers decided - to * try to > get
other steamers on the run, shipping heavy
freight by / sailing vessels . until the line
secured assistance.
' Alfred L. s Black and P. B. Cornwall of
San ? Francisco 'are 'here and promise to
do I all , in -their . power. . to assist ¦ merchants
taking an Interest i In the opposition line
if : necessary; The exchange between Bel
llngham Bay and San Francisco is greater
than between Seattle and San Francisco.
WANT RATES RESTORED.
Change of State Capital One Question
to Be Considered.
JACKSONVILLE. Fla.. June 19.— The
State; Democratic convention met at noon
to-day, effected a temporary organization
and adjourned until to-morrow.
There are five candidates In the guber
natorial race^ — Fred Meyers of Leon Coun
ty, Dannett H.;Mr^« of Jefferson County,
James D. Beggs of Orange County; Wil
liam H. Milton Jr. of Jackson County and
Judge W. S. 'Jennings of Hernando Coun
ty, a first cousin of William J. Bryan of
Nebraska. ; \-sy tip
One of the questions to come before tho
convention IS the removal of the seat of
State government from Tallahasse to a
more central location, and a hot fight is
expected. ,
Tammany; to Attend.
NEW YORK. June 19.— At the meeting
of ; the Tammany executive .committee in
Tammany Hall to-day arrangements
were completed for the attendance of the
Tammany delegation at the Democratic
National Convention at Kansas City. Dis
trict leaders reported that about 600 Tarn
manyites would compose - the delegation.
These will leave on two special trains on
Sunday, July 1.
Announces His ..Candidacy.
FRANKFORT, Ky., June 19.— Governor
Beckham, youngest Governor this State
has ever had ; and youngest Governor In
the United States, issued a statement to
night formally announcing his candidacy
for the Democratic nomination to succeed
himself.
MINOCQUA, Wis., June 19.— VT. J.
Bryan addresj-ed a crowd of 4000 people to
night, the gathering being made up "of
citizens from surrounding towns brought
in duringtthe day on excursion trains. In
cluded In : the number; were several well
known Wisconsin Democrats. Mr. Bryan
spoke for an hour and a half. He touched
upon the leading political questions of the
day, including imperialism, trusts and the
silver issue. The speech was well re
ceived.
FLORIDA DEMOCRATS.
BRYAN ADDRESSES
WISCONSIN DEMOCRATS
AUSTIN, .Tex., June 19.— The State
Democratic convention meets in this city
to-morrow and many delegates arrived to
day. 'There is no formidable contest com
ing before the convention over the selec
tion of the Kansas City delegation. Those
opposed to Congressman Bailey on gen
eral principles, are arraying their forces
with a view of making a fight against
him at I every turn, but they are not se
curing that support which would indicate
that they will have very much weight In
the convention to-morrow. Bailey's fight
will ¦ be for a strong anti-expansion plank
in the platform and this is the only issue
to come before the convention. The dele
gates will undoubtedly be instructed for
Bryan.
OPPOSITION TO BAILEY
: IS NOT VERY STRONG
MILWAUKEE. June 19.— The Interna
tional Printing Pressmen and Assistants'
Union, in session here to-day, received
from President E. W.'Tatum of the Inter
national Brotherhood of Bookbinders a
resolution adopted by that organization
providing a commission to amend the tri
partite agreement. The matter was re
ferred to a committee. A recommendation
that no more charters be granted to
"tfnion Pressmen.
"The examination by expert account
ants of the Treasurer's office from the
date of' its inception last year haa been
completed. The office was found. In ex
cellent condition. It has also been con
clusively proved that the charge of ex
travagance in the matter of salaries to
Americans, paid from the island funds, la
absolutely without foundation. The fact
of the case is that the highest salaries
paid in the island are paid to Cubans.
The reports of extravagance in transpor
tation and the like are absolutely false."
HAVANA. June 19. — General Wood has
issued the following statement:
Denying Certain Charges.
General Wood Issues a Statement
NO EXTRAVAGANCE IN" CUBA.
BOSTON. June 19.-Senator Hoar was
questioned to-day regarding a special dis
patch from "Washington, saying that rum
ors of an extra session of Congress to
empower the President to send » -oops to
China was current in that cit>.
"Of course," said the Senator, "I can
give only a party opinion, but I should
say that it would require an earthquake
sufficiently severe to shake every house in
the nation to induce the President to call
an exjra session, particularly at this time,
with an election pending. I have no doubt
the President will act upon his own re
sponsibility and send to China as many
troops as may be needed there."
Senator Hoar'Says the Chinese Situa
ation "Will Require Such Ac- .
tlon by the President.
DOUBT. THAT EXTRA .,&? "•;
SESSION WILL BE CALLED
Heretofore these cities have always had a
terminal rate and could do business di
rectly with the California metropolis.
Seattle is apparently trying to force a dis
tribution from there. It looks as though
this may result in local- trade being with
drawn front Seattle In favor of San Fran
cisco. . .
• ' ¦ .
- To the Delegates to the National ' Republican
Convention : The Republican . Anti-Clvll - - Ser
vice league ¦ of : California beps . to remind ; the
delegates comprising the nominating convention
of the* Republican party that there Is. expected
of .•: them a- plain' and. unequivocal declaration
in the platform adopted at Philadelphia. In Hn«
with the , action. of t Republicans .In several of
the States in reference .to . the so-called ; civil
service , system in Federal : offices. ¦•_ Thousands
of earnest Republicans are awake to the neces
'8ity. w of ' some deflnlte. action In 'this matter.
The Antl-Clvll i Service League Is organized to
concentrate and solidify the prevailing, senti
ment In opposition .to this un-American system
of life- tenure ;. In public office for Cleveland's
appointees— a system aerived from King George
of . England \ and one ; of the , wrongs " that • actu
ated our forefathers in throwing off the hated
yoke' of tyranny. .-•••.
A large number of . veterans > who ; are mem-'
here j of this league who have been unjustly
removed ' to make room for ¦ Cleveland's civil
: service '¦ proteges •"•Join : us in this communica
tion and ask you to Insert a plank In the plat-~
form i In opposition to the system if ' you', wish
to save the Republican party from Ignominious
defeat . in ' the political campaign • now opened.
.The American, people will never submit to dic
tation I from : 80,000 officeholders who are to | hold
until " age ' retires them >and' then to be the re
cipients of Government , bounty s In ' the i form of
pensions* for superannuated officials.
In; conclusion we - desire ¦¦ to - state i that • this
communication ' is presented ' In ¦ good i faith and
we ¦ hops ' It ¦ will receive ; the : consideration ' and
The following message has been sent by
the Anti-Civil Service League of Califor
nia to the Republican National Conven.
tlon: ; V .:'-. '
Message From Californians
to the Philadelpf)icr
Cooperation.'
ASSAULT UPON*
CIVIL SERVICE
Committee on Permanent
Organization Selects
Officers.
PHILADELPHIA. June 19.— The com
mittee I on permanent organization. : of
Which General Grosvenor of Ohio is chair
man and Thomas M. Hastings of New
Hampshire. secretary, met. after the ad
journment of the convention and by
unanimous consent : selected Senator
Lodge of , Massachusetts for permanent
chairman and voted to continue Charles
W. Johnson of Minnesota permanent
secretary. .
The list of secretaries, clerks and othex
officials recommended by. the National
Committee was approved and the commit,
tee adjourned.
In the decorations studded between the
outer rank of pillars were pictures of tho
Presidents of the United States and many
of the heroes of the Republican party —
Lincoln, Grant and Garfleld. The portrait
of Jackson, Democracy's patron saint,
also occupied a prominent position. In the
pit Alabama was at the front on the east
and Texas , on . the west. Idaho, ¦ Indiana,
New Jersey and New Hampshire were lo
cated between. The three big delegations
—New York, Ohio and Pennsylvania— sat
in that order Immediately behind New
Hampshire. Illinois and Missouri . were
prominent In the right - center. Nevada,
Mississippi, Rhode Island and South Caro
lina were in the extreme rear. Across the
immense sea of seats from the platform
the baton of the. bandmaster looked not
larger than a slate pencil.
SENATOR LODGE
FOR CHAIRMAN
caught up at every pillar with the State
shields. The south end of the hall was
obliterated with flags and bunting,
through the maze of which a large crayon
portrait of the President looked out from
an Immense American ensign. It was tha
most striking feature of the decorations.
The scheme of decorating the hall nat
urally carried tho" eye to the likeness of
the party's chlwttaln. v
-On the raised platform, immediately be
low this . portrait, .were the seats of the
national committeemen and other digni
taries and distinguished guests of the con
vention. The front of the platform was
banked, with palms and greens, and at
either end ¦were two Immense vases. On
the chairman's desk was a small bunch of
flowers. Down five uncarpeted steps, in a
rail-Inclosed platform which ran back un
til It flanked the main platform, were the
seats of 500 working newspaper men, and
down five more steps Was the i pit of the
•delegates, their seats running back, rank
on rank, the State standards marking the
location of the delegations. ,Back of the
delegates' seats' were those of the alter
nates, the whole pit being sunk five feet
below the main floor and surmounted by a
railing. From the edges of the pit stretch
ed away endlessly the thousands of chairs
for the public across the entire length of
the hall. In the north gallery was the band
of 100 musicians. ;
respectful action of the convention that Its
merits warrant.
¦ THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE. ¦
Anti-Civil Service League of California.
J. McCOY, Assistant Secretary-
NEW YORK. June ID.— Captain Charles
P. M&;-sden, a former well-known naviga
tor and a California pioneer of 1S49. la
dead at his home In Yonkers, N. Y.. aged
72 years.
Captaiji Marsden Bead.
INDIANAPOLIS. June 19.— Mrs. Bever-
Idge, wife of United States Senator Albert
J. Beveridge of Indiana, died in a sani
tarium at Danville. N. Y.. this morning
of heart failure. She had been ill for sev
eral months.
Senator Beveridge'g Wifs Dead.
WASHINGTON. Jur.e 19.— The> Navy
Department has dsnled the application of
Commander Delehanty at Sailors' Snug:
Harbor, N. Y., to retire under the terms
of the personnel act. It had been arranged
tbat he -was to retire when an application
for retirement came to-day by cable from
Commander Gilmore, commanding the
Luzon at Manila. As Gilmore ranks Dele
hanty and as only one commander may
now be retired, Delehanty has lost hi*
chance.
Loses His Chance.'
A car on the Easton avenue division
was blown off the tracks with dynamlto
at Pendleton avenue at midnight to-night.
William Butholtz, the motorman. sus
tained a severe injury to his right arm.
There were two other cars disabled to
night.
ST. LOUIS. June 19.— There were two
shooting affairs to-night as the result of
the strike. As a passenger wagon was
passing a Transit line car some of Its
passengers taunted those on the car by
calling them scabs, whereupon some In
dividual on the car fired a shot at tha
wagon, the. bullet lodging in the foot or
Peter Bonifer, a saloon-keeper, one of
the passengers on the wagon. It is said
the car carried among its passengers sev
eral members of the posse comitatus.
Miss Winnie Allen was shot under simi
lar circumstances, but in her case it waa
known that a posso man tired the shot.
The weapon used was a riot shotgun, the
load of buckshot finding lodgment in ono
of the young woman's lega. inflicting a
serious wound.
Troxible' Over, the Strike of the Street
car Men Again Breaks
Out.
unions. where more than nine hours was
worked was voted down.
YOUNG WOMAN SHOT BY
ST. LOUIS POSSE
The present convention will be one of
the most important held in the State. A
general campaign of organization will be
adopted. The association now numbers
1100 Sunday Schools with a membership
of 91.000 and it Is proposed to materially
Increase this. An active outside secre
tary, with a salary of $1000 per annum,
will be appointed. This place will un
doubtedly go to Earl S. Bingham, who
has been acting secretary for the past
year. The efficiency of the organization
will also be perfected.
The delegates will be well entertained.
To-morrow at noon there will be a re
ception and banquet. Friday they will
be taken for a drive about the county or
make the trip to Mount Hamilton.
The address of the evening was by Mar
ion Lawrence, general secretary of the
International Sunday School Association.
His subject was "Our Field and Our
Work." He reviewed and pointed out the
duties of Sunday School workers and gave
an instructive lecture.
The meeting was called to order by Rev.
Eli Fisher of Petaluma, the acting presi
dent. The chorus under Prof. Exeell ren
dered "Count Your Blessings." Attorney
D. W. Benchard then welcomed the dele
gates on behalf of the city. Dr. R. F.
Maclaren on behalf of the Pastors' Union
of San Jose, and Dr. C. K. Fleming of this
city, representing the Interdenominational
Young People's Societies, also made brief
addresses. Responses were made on be
half of the delegates by Rev. Eli Fisher
of Petaluma, Dr. J. C. Simmons of Mo
desto, Rev. Alexander Henry of Philadel
phia and others. The chorus rendered an
other selection.- .'¦:'-••' ;r. ; :
When the convention met to-night the
First Methodist Church was crowded and
many were unable to obtain seats.
klnson, Sacramento, and I. B. Self, Han
ford.
The various Sunday school and church
workers are also well represented. Among
those present to-day were: Dr. and Mrs.
H. T. Whitney. Congregational mission
aries at Fuchau, China; J. Rush, San
Fnncisco; T. W. Matthews, active State
missionary American Sunday School Union
of Northern California; W. O. Discho. San
Francisco; J. V. Bacon. Oakland: Rev. L.
M. Walters, Fresno; Rev. William Reagor,
Colusa; Rev. W. M. White. San Francisco;
Rev. J. A. Baicheidor. San Francisco: S.
XV. Mack. Gonzales; Rev. G. W. McCor
mick. Salinas; Miss Lizzie B.. McRae,
Roseville; Miss Catherine Denman. Peta
luma; Rev. E. J. Singer. San Francisco;
D. P. .Ward, Pasadena; Rev. W. S. Hos-
The five Eastern Sunday school workers
who are making a tour of the Western
country arrived this afternoon and will
take a prominent part in convention af
fairs. They are: Rev. Alexander Henry
of Philadelphia who represents the Pres
byterian church; Robert T. Bonsall of
Cincinnati, Ohio, of the Baptist church:
Rev. E. S. Lewis of Columbus, Ohio, of
the Methodist church; Marion Lawrence
of Toledo, Ohio, general secretary of the
International Sunday School Association,
and Professor E. O. Exeell of Chicago, the
noted choral leader, who takes charge of
the music at the conventions these noted
speakers attend.
Arrangements — President, J. L. Van
Derwerker; secretary. Miss Sadie East
wood; treasurer, A. D. Campbell. Finance,
Joseph D. Radford; reception. Dr. J. C.
Wasson; conductors. Miss Joey Denton;
registration. Miss Marie Nason: music.
Miss Ethel Symonds; ushers, William G.
Alexander: decorations, Miss Edith Hall;
banquet. G. H. Wheeler; hall, H. Morton;
drives, A. D. Campbell;, press. Earl S.
Bingham; assignment. Miss I* M. Byrd.
visitors and various parts of the conven
tion are as follows:
This mas a busy day for the committees,
but the plans for the reception of visitors
•were perfect. Members of the various
committees met the trains and escorted
the delegates to headquarters. Here they
were presented with a yellow badge bear-
Ing the words, "Delegate .Northern Cali
fornia Sunday School Association," and
sent with ushers to their rooms. This
evening hundreds of these yellow badffps
are to be seen upon parties on the streets,
and the whole city air seems permeated
with the enthusiasm of the delegates. The
committees in charge of the reception of
All the Incoming trains to-day brought
delegates from various parts of the State.
Over 200 registered at the committee's
headquarters, but there are fully twice
that number of visiting Sunday-school
workers in the city to-night. To-morrow
a big rush is expected, and it Is thought
the attendance of delegates will reach S90.
With these sweet strains swelling from
100 throats, under the leadership of Pro
fessor E. O. Excel! of Chicago, the Thir
ty-third Annual Convention of the North
ern California Sunday School Association
opened at the First Methodist Church this
evening.
SAX JOSE, June 15.—
When upon life's billows you are tempest
toesed,
When you are discouraged, thinking all Is lost.
Count your many blessings, name them one by
one.
And it will earprUe you what the Lord hath
dose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Two Committee Chairmen of the Sunday-School Convention.
Convention Opened With Songs by a Chorus
Under the Leadership of Pro
fpccnr hvrp
SUNDAY SCHOOL WORKERS
GATHER AT SAN JOSE
THE SAN 1 . FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20, 1900.
5
The. only specialists tn San Francisco with a thoroughly e<julpp«d hospital, trained
nurses, etc.. In -connection, for tha accommodation of out-of-town patients and others
wishing to remain during: .treatment.
; Fees reasonable and may be paid ta installments as patient sees his Improvement.
Private laboratory.' No charge for remedies. '
__' Full information cheerfully mailed in plain envelops.
By far the most freauent -cause of so-called "weakness" of men Is chronic In-
flammation of the Prostate Gland. This gland Is the very center of th« reproductive sys-
tem. It can readily be understood that inflammation of any organ will cause disordered
function of that orxan. A remedy that would cure a real weakness would males an
Inflammation . worse. ' Hence the necessity for correct diagnosis. Many men who hav»
unsuccessfully treated for weakness will now know the cause of failure. Our Dractlce-
is devoted to this condition, together with contracted aliments.
NOT a "Weakness" bnt
an Inflammation.
We make a specialty of cases which,
have fc«com» chronic and complicated,
from neelect or Improper treatment.
Blood Taints. Contracted Disorders and
every form of "Weakness" a specialty.
&C0.
VARICOCELE CURED IM 1SE
week at office or four weeds" taom*
treatment without operation.
TALCOTT
Disorders of flen
-^ STRICTLY RELIABLE.
*» Iw&jS&^^sSjz/s glassware de-
H *~" J ** by any other
AT glassware house ; 300 dozen fine irai-
£ tatiou cut glass berry or ice cream
dishes : a very pretty pattern, aj the
i\ picture show3 ; on special sale
£ ,Wednesttay only; 9n
J* per dozen &UG
; Crockery Dei>artment— Main Floor.
Ice Cream Dishes
3Oc Dozen.
'Victor" brand Standard Fruits;
Crawford Peaches, Bartlett Pe2r3 and
Apricots; per can 15c
Babbitt's Best S jan 7 bafS.ZSo
Golden Rale Standard Coi*n 9 per*
can..... >7o
Best Eastern Rolled Oats, 10 lbs...
.2Cc
Old Government Bourbon Whis-
key, bottled at distillery, per bot-
tle 7Bo
Pabst M.-.lt Extract, the best tonic, per
dozen '. $2*12
Main Floor— Rear.
Half a dozen interesting out-of-tho-usm!
offerings for Wednesdays
Grocery Specials.
Liquor Specials.
This new dress in two styles of jacket, short double-
breasted Eton, and the longer double-breasted jackets
just like pictures, made of ail-wool home3pun3, in the
: newest mixed color effects, mostly light gray, the popular
color; also all-wool Black and Blue Sergei, all aizas, regu-
larly $12.59 and $13.60— special to- tffrQ SB EZ
day only......... <t^£7«*if«#
Second Kloor— Front.
*** Oofrienf&uBeB£UE2U3s>r.
CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST-AMERICA'S ORA^DEST STORE.
$12.SO Tailor
Dresses.
Special To-Day,
$9.45.
publishers' arioei
More than 200 t elected titles of books
suitable for summer reading for young
or old ; daintily ¦ bound in Japanese
veneer binding, with unique designs in
gold and colors, large type and fully
illustrated ; just Jits into tbe pocket;
publishers' price 50c volume ; for
Wednesday only, our oo
price.......... ZZC
Main Aisle and In Book Department.
Book Bargain.
Choicest of Classics and
Fiction at less than halt
Special To-Day, 18c.
A very small lot (76 only), white and col-
ored duck Washable Table Covers, full 36
inches square, some in tinted flowers,
others stamped ready to work, both
styles finished with a linen fringe to
match the flowers ; for this day * g*
only, each IOC
Fourth Aisle— Left of Entrance.
Table Covers.
Beautiful hand- i^^f^^S^
colored medal- l^T \$$
lions, taken from '*£; £»^§b Yji
life subject; t\ \
mounted on bev- $A ffffr. \
eled edge g'a3s /, ,$fe*v% n ;»
; panel, 6x12 ia. fa J%2W '¦ !
in size; has. heavy . yt ! v figfjf jj'j
ornamental gilt / \\ PtSficL I
corners, easel $i^'''V\ %
back; regularly .'''¦' #
$2.53 each; spe- C?fiSIS5wiSHi
chl Wedncs-
day only;.............'., 'J. $1.38
Second Floor— West Side.
$2.50 Medallions
$1.33.
House
Furnishings*
A Special Sale during tho
entire) week; heavy good
grade of Enameled Ware
and many other season-
able items*
75c Enameled Ware Dish Pans, 14-qt. size,
for. 4-7O
85c 5-qt. Lipped Sauce Vans.. ...... ......2So
35c Enameled Colanders, with side han-
dles. 24c
90c Enameled Rice Boilers, 2j-qt. size...
: ...67c
Graduated Quart Measures ; 15g
12-quart Tin Chamber Pails, painted....i?S©
20c Tin Oil Cm*, gallon size.... 15o
Square Corn Cake or Biscuit Pan*, 25c siz?..
...:... 17c
'tAbove . pans good for developing photo-
graphs.) ',";
French Coffee Biggins, or Pots, with per-
colators, regularly 70c, for... 49 G
7-quart 85c Tea Kettles, for S7c
Main Floor— Back of Rotunda.
to-day..... .....3Oc
Whiting's Royal Linen or Satin Wove
Papers, octavo or commercial size, ruled
or plain, 50-lb stock, packages of 90
sheets — special to-day. tSo
Special Sale Wednesday,
Crane's Superfine Baled Writing Paper,
each sheet having the well-known water
mark, just 123 boxes, each box contain-
ing 125 sheets, worth regularly 9Dc box —
to-day ~.....30o
C ¦ ratio's Eivelopea to match. 120 boxes
only, 125 ia box, worth regulany 99c —
Stationery.
tonne?, double or single faced; beauti-
fully patterned; suitable for bed dra-
peries, wall covering, chamber dra-
peries, etc.; never sold less than - _
25c per yard regnlark, for B / C
Sales Tables—Main Aisle.
French Cretonnes,
17c Per Yard.
To-Day Only— 30-inch French Cre-
§ Millinery
Sale
Continues
'The stock of Holm &
Nathan, wholesa'e
milliners, at 512
and 514 Market
street, bought by
, us at ont-third of
wholesale prices.
Bargains big and
plenty of them.
$1.50 Hats trimmed with Ottoman rib-.
bon, rosette and quills 45o
$2.00 Hats,
Ladies' $10 Hats, hand made, fine trim-
ming ...$4:65
$15.00 Imported Model Hats $7.3&
Second Floor.
The Ribbon Event of the Season*
For Wednesday only the big store offers
f/^k* 100 ° y ards high-class all-silk" Roman
'/Sf®^ $fe> &$$ Stripe Bayadere Fancy Ribbons, 3
fwl'P&i-fr 0??% -&20£' inche3 wide, 14 exquisite color combina-
"4yi^§|K :/^*XL^Vp|r tions ------ and 1500 yards Jac-
quart! Weave Fancy Ribbons,- in all
\^\>^MM0' colors, 4^. inches wide ----- beau-
g^>^^^M^-^^^^ tiful Ribbons, suitable for millinery, belts
- f 'l^^^^8j|fi^ and neck wear> u & ular 5°° and f% O*»
y^ c va i ue s— nGr yard. ...... ****C
*^*" Ea je 3 Tables— Main Aisle.
5Oc and 75c Ribbons, 33c.
Two styles of La-/ f ¥#j. v&>"? ]$£•/•
dies' Cam bri cl (/ill f/lj
Gowns, on© em- \ \ 4! u III *^
broidery trim- \3il v \\
med. the other ¥ "1 j
with lace; hand- f\r 1 jj'
some gowns that
were $3.00 and
$350, on special sale Wesfnos-
day on y -$1.75
Second Floor.
$3 and
S3.5O
Gowns
To- Day
91.75.
"Seven Sutherland Sisters'." Hair Re-
storer demonstration in Rotunda.
See our Thursday "^J
Out-of-town folks should ' order
works now before the rush.
Percale Sale.
A specially bought lot of 4,500
yards of good 36-inch Percales,
the most popular of wash 'fab-
rics, in dark, medium and light
colors, is placed on. sale for
this day (Wednesday) only, at
the remarkably low price per
yard........ ..7o
Sales Tables— Main Aisle.'
THE EMPORIUM.
THE ; EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EBCPOKXTJal.
Offlce hours — 9 a. tn. to 8 p. m.. Sundays Included.
997 MARKET STREET,- Entire Upper Floor, Cor. 6th Street.
Fire-/Thedress represented is of white taf
feta , 1» flat pleats; mixed with rows of
stitching in black silk. The front beneath
the corsage Is of yellow lace, and the cor
sage Is fastened beneath rosettes of the
same lacfe: The" epaulettes : and cuff s are
trimmed with guipure. 'Tho waistband u
of , black velvet, witb long ends behind., ,
WHITE TAFFETA/ DRESS.
If the report prove true that the British are". to send
two^brigades from South'- Africa to China, the Boxers
will; have the credit of doing. more to help the Boers
than .was done -by all the Christian sympathizers 0:1
earth. . £Bfi£BH&: •"'¦¦¦¦'
It is estimated that the lumber market and the
manufacturers of the United States consume" about
5.000,000.000 cubic feet of forest • products every year
and that about 15,000,000,006 cubic feet more is burned
as fuel, so it will be scenthat we: have none to waste
and it is high time to ;put a stop to forest fires before
we destroy the supply. .
r ~*~ •¦ • ¦'
Our reform Police Department is eclipsing all
records as . a squanderer; of the secret service fund.
This probably the ; readiness : with which pri
vate detectives supply misinformation to an inquisitive
Chief of Police. /¦'--.
/i; VOTING ON DECLARATION— C. C. N.,
Millbraer Cal. There are a number ¦ of
I
The traditions concerning th'e time to
plant-seeds are not founded on fact or
rational theory of any kind and need only
to bo tested to ¦ show their entire absurd
ity... ¦-. : •¦--¦
TO TACOMA— T. N.. Somersville. Cal.
The fare to Tadoma byjrail is $25, J20 and
$16 oO,.v/Ith $6 25 added from Portland. By
steamer the fare is 515 and $3. For steam
ers ¦sailing: from this port* to that point
consult the advertising department of Tho
;Call. -: :' £_1___1_ ' \
* ' REGISTRATION— C. C. N. . \Millbrae,
Cal. V In the State' of California \ one who
is* entitled to- vote and is approaching his
majority- may ' register upon making affi
davit -i that he! will be: an elector on the
next^ succeeding electlon.'3§RSHBH
: MOLES— A Reader, Chiles, Cal. It Is an
open question whether moles •are detri
mental or I beneficial/ The methods used
for the destruction of moles are: Prores
sional catchers,' dogS' who root them out
of their burrows and poisoned shreds 'of
leanv,beef placed at the entrance. of the
burrow. ; • ;• , -
' THE CENSUS— JJ" P.,; Los Angeles, Cal.
Those ; who have charge" of f collecting the
census > figures expect < that by the close
of the : year, they i will . be able to announce
to*: the people the population; of . the ' prin-'i
cipal cities, i At this ¦, time 'It is- impossible
to tell at- what; date the officials will an
nounce ¦: the i aggregate population of the
United States. j
MOON AND CROPS— E. P. B., City.
MARY NAVARRO— K. M. , Sacramento,
Cal.' This department has no other In
formation as to the residence of Mary.Na
varro (nee Anderson) than "what was pub
lished in this column some. time since.
dollars of,187S:wlth eight feathers in the
tail of the eagle from f 1 50 and $1 75 ad
vance, but they not buy such coins.
A DOLLAR.OF lSTS-rSubscriber, Lom.
poc, Cal. Dealers : in coins demand for
BAY WINDOWS— S., Santa Rosa, Cal.
There is nothing in the general laws of
the State in relation to bay windows on
the corner of buildings.
STATE TAX— Subscriber, City. The
law of California says that "the State
Board of Equalization mustVv for State
purposes, fix an ad valorem rate on each
$100 of valuation." ¦*¦'.
GOVERNMENT WHITEWASH— G. H.
K., Redding, Cal. The formula for mak
ing government whitewash was published
in the department cf Answers to Corre
spondents, March 18, 1900. '
MAIL FOR NOME— D. F. N., Grass
Valley, Cal. Mail for Nome will leave
San Francisco July 5, July 25 and August
15. Mail will leave Seattle for that point
June 25 and July 25.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, June 19.— William Ber
rick and George R. Palmer are at the Ar
lington; Louis P. Boardman is at the
Shoreham. : ,
To Chief Justice Marshall, then, the nation owes
a debt that should be gratefully remembered. The
centennial of his appointment to the Chief Justiceship
occurs on : February 4, loor. There is therefore ample
time for preparation to" make the ceremonies of com
memoration impressive and popular', and since the
bench and bar have undertaken the matter, it is to be
hoped they will carry it out upon a scale that will_be
worthy of the occasion. ;,
A JOHN MARSHALL fJNNiVERSARY|
/""* ENTENNIAL celebrations have become so
l^ popular in the United States that not infre
quently they are held in commemoration of men
or events that hardly merit it. The only justification
for some of them has been that they afforded
an opportunity for making a public holiday. There
will be; however, a general approval of the movement
now under way to get the whole bench and bar of the
United States to join in celebrating with appropriate
ceremonies the one hundredth anniversary of the ac
cession of John Marshall to the position of Chief
Justice of the United States.
It may be doubted if any warrior or statesman has
had a more potent influence upon the nation than
Marshall. The constitution, which statesmen framed
and which warriors have defended and preserved, was
but a doubtful creation until Marshall breathed into it
the breath of life. During his long term of thirty
four years on the bench he 'pronounced judgment
upon almost every disputed point of the constitution
and gave to its words the force and scope which they
now have in our courts. What would have been 'the
effect had the early decisions of the Supreme Court
been, pronounced by a Justice who interpreted tliem
in accordance with the doctrines of; the strict con
structionists it is difficult to say. It is certain, how
ever, that much of our history would have been dif
ferent, and all that part of national development and
social order which are affected by the decisions of
courts would have been quite otherwise than what
they are. /
CHINESE AND CHRISTIANITY.
y~) ISHOP CRANSTON, who recently returned
j\ from China, preached a sermon in Denver last
Sunday. It is proper for a Bishop to preach,
ind Sunday is the right day. That this Bishop
jresched, and on Sunday, therefore fills the religious
iroprieties. The action of the Bishop derives its in
crest from the fact that he appeared and preached as
i Christian Bishop and on the Christian Sabbath,
vhen his discourse was not at all Christian nor suited
o the day and place of its delivery- The preacher
>reached about China, and in his sermon may be seen
he spirit that has caused the Boxer revolution in that
:mpire, probably at the expense of breaking the peace
af the world. In his sermon the Bishop said: "It
s worth any cost in money, it is worth any cost in
bloodshed, if we can make the millions of Chinese
:rue and intelligent Christians. I would cut all the
ed tape in the world and break all the treaties ever
nade to place the armies of the United States in the
ore, next to Great Britain. The open door must be
naintained for Christianity as well as for commerce."
We desire to say that the Bishop is not a Christian.
He preaches paganism of the most revolting type.
There is positively not a line in the New Testament
nor in the whole scheme of Christianity that teaches
the shedding of blood and the breaking of promises
as a means of making "true and intelligent Chris
tians." The Bishop h a Mahometan. That creed was
propagated by the sword. It broke treaties, violated
promises and counted nothing wrong that spread
Islam.
We wish to say, also, that the United States as a
Government has nothing to do with spreading Chris
tianity or any other religious creed. This is a secular
Government purely, and not a theocracy. As for the
Bishop's brand of Christianity, to propagate it would
be a crime. It is a thorough misrepresentation of
the whole spirit taught by the founder of Christianity.
It means the opening of a bloody tragedy more hor
rible than the campaigns of Attila, "the scourge of
God," or those of Genghis Khan or Timour. To
force a religion by the sword upon nearly five hun
dred millions of people, "no matter at what cost in
blood or money," and to begin the process by faith
less violation of solemn treaties, is to destroy Chris
tianity itself. At the close of such a tragedy the re
ligion of Christ will be found exactly where the state
religion of Rome was after her subjugation of the
world. •
Bishop Cranston has given an impetus to crime
everywhere by this sermon which is incalculable. If
public faith is not to be kept, individual faith will not
be kept. If war is to be made solely to advance re
ligion, against people whose offense is the acceptance
of a form of the religious idea that is senior to Chris
tianity, the world sees the sham and avails itself of
the example, and thereby. the cunning of every thief
is justified and the arm of every murderer is nerved.
It is to be hoped that the American pulpit will
promptly and unanimously repudiate this Bishop and
his sermon. And it is to be hoped that all good citi
zens will vindicate the purely secular character of our
, Government by insisting that it shall not enter a
murdering partnership with" the other nations, and
break heads and treaties to propagate a religion
which was founded by the Prince of Peace.
This sermon expresses sentiments that would cause
a shudder if uttered by a Comanche or Apache Indian,
and they, gain no better quality in the mouth of an
ordained minister and a consecrated Bishop.
There is one novelty in Paris that ought to be imi
tated at every exposition hereafter and that is the
establishment of schools for the purpose of teaching
the public what to study among the exhibits and how
to profit by it.
The lawyer who is accused of seeking to sell posi
tions in the local Police Department must have im
bibed his notions of civil sen-ice from the administra
tion of jome of our "reform" "commissions.
Among the things the people would like to know
as matters of passing curiosity is who stole the silver
plank out* of the Democratic State platform and what
was done with it.
The Bryanites will perhaps try to run a .Vice Presi
dential boom up against' Dewey, so as to have an off
set for Roosevelt, but it won't work.
THE REPUBLICAN CONVENTION.
SENATOR WOLCOTT spoke with the enthu
siasm natural to the occasion when he took the
chair of the Republican National Convention
yesterday, but there was nothing of exaggeration in
his words. It is literally true, as he said: "Since the
first party convention in these United States there
was never one gathered under such hopeful and aus
picious circumstances as those which surround us
to-day. United, proud of the achievements of the
past four years, our country prosperous and happy,
\yith nothing to regret and naught to make us
ashamed, with a record spotless and clean, the Re
publican party stands facing the dawn, confident that
the ticket it shall present will command public ap
proval, and that in the declaration of its principles and
its purposes it will voice the aspirations and hopes of
the vast majority of American freemen."
Four years ago, after a. period of as widespread
a'nd as acute distress as ever fell upon the people of
this country, the Republican party met in convention
to face the clamors of agitators and demagogues try
ing to excite class antagonisms, demanding a depre
ciation of the money of the republic and threatening
the constitution itself. It had then a stormy contest
before it, and so strongly had the distresses of tlje
panic years affected the popular mind that it was by
no means sure what the result would be. ' Once
more, however, there was evinced that saving com
mon sense among the people which makes popular
government possible. The government was intrusted
to the Republican party. The results are perceived on
every hand in the thousand evidences of revived in
dustry, and are felt in every home through the in
fluence of an abounding prosperity. Thus it has come
about, that this year the prospects of the party are
better and brighter than ever before in its history, and.
with the exception of the great emergency in which it
came forth to save the Union and to free the slave, it
was never more useful to the republic, nor;was that
usefulness more thoroughly understood by the voters.
m It is to be noted there i% nowhere any distrust of
what the convention will do or leave undone. No
one doubts that the nominees will have the cordial
support of all Republicans, or that the platform will
be of a nature to merit, the approval of conservative
citizens, no matter to what party they belong. -The
people ,will follow the proceedings of the convention
knowing beforehand that McKinley will be, renomi
nated, that a man worthy of. the Presidency itself will
be named for Vice President, and. that the platform
will guarantee the maintenance of that policy of pro
tection and sound money upon which our prosperity
is based, and that vigor of administration of foreign
affairs which has given the republic a mightier pres
.tige in the world; than it ever had before. Senator,
Wojcott was therefore right in the double claim that
the convention meets under most auspicious circum
stances, arid that it will voice the aspirations and the
hopes of the vast majority of American freemen;
PERSONAL MENTION.
Rev. A. A. Fulton, wife and child re
turned on the Doric yesterday and are
stopping at the Occidental, eri^route to the
East. For twenty years Rev. Mr. Fulton
has been doing missionary work in Can
ton, China. He is well known to the great
Li Hung Chang and occupies a prominent
position among the Presbyterian mission
aries of the Orient. Rev. Mr. Fulton
thinks the Boxer uprising Is confined to
the Peking country.
The following named arrived from the
East yesterday In a party and are on
their way to Honolulu: Henry Water
house and wife, Miss Elndra Sturgeon,
Mrs. I. W. Corbett and child, Mi3s Sara
Robertson, Harold Rice, Albert Water
house. They are at the Occidental.
Dr. C. H. Stocking of Los Angeles la at
the Grand.
A. B. Ware, a merchant of Sacramento,
Is at the Lick.
W. H. Clary, a mining man of Stockton,
is at the Lick.
Judge J. G. Hamilton of Hollister is
stopping at the Russ. .
Rev. H. H. Guy of Tokio registered at
the Occidental yesterday.
Mile. Catherine Bartho of New York Is
stopping at the California.
. J. F. J Clapp, a mining man of Chicago,
is registered at the Grand.
William A. Junker, manager of the Del
Monte Hotel, is at tho Palace.
WEDNESDAY JUNE 20, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
$1 AX ACER'S OFFICE Telephone Pre«» 2O4
rCBLTcATIoir^OFFICB. .Jtiarltet and TKlrd, S. F.
Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.... 217 t« 221 SteTemaom it.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered by Carriers. 16 Cw«« Per \Teete.
Slncrle Copies. S Cents.
Terms by Mali. Inclwdlac Ponlncci
OArLT CALL (including Sunday). one y*ar W-W
DAILT CALL, fladuding Sonday), • months ».W
DAILY CALL (including Eur-day). » month* l»
DAILY CALL— By Slngl* Month »«
FUN DAT CALX. On« Tew }¦*»
WEEKLY CALL On* Year *- OT
All postmasters are authorized to recelre
subscriptions.
Eample ccples will be forwarded wfcea requested.
Mall subscribers In orderinc changw of address should be
particular to give Iwtfa NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance "with their request.
OA.KJLAAD OFFICES .....1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGJ1ESS,
Uzr.tger Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Less XMsta&c* Telephone "Central 2S13.")
NEW TORS OORHESPONDEKT:
C C. CARLTON... ._. Heraid Square
KEW YOKE: REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribuno Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bbettaaa House; P. O. ICetn Co.; Great Norti era Hot ei;
fiwinwt Hctise; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brtntano, tt UcJca Sqnan;
Murray HOI Hotel. . ________
WASHINGTON (D. C) OFF1CE.._ -...Wellington Hotol
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
UrtAXCW OFFICES— £27 Montgomery, corner of Gay, open
vntn t:» o'clock. £00 Hayes, open until 1:30 o'clock. (S3
McAUlrter. «pen until S:SO o'clock. €15 Larkin, open until
t:SO o'clock. :H1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. CGI Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until t o'clock.' lCM Valencia, opea
until t o'clock. 104 Eleventh, open until S o'clock. JCW cor*
Ber Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until I o'clock.
panic.
The resolution now before the Supervisors demand ing that Phelan's board get out
before its follies and falsehoods do further harm reveals the double dealing of the Mayor's
appointees. . It seems that the Mayor's board got the assent of the Supervisors to the
quarantine of Chinatown by the assurance that if this were not done the State Board of
Health would quarantine the whole city. -The Supervisors subsequently learned that this
was false. The city would not be quarantined without the consent of the Governor, and
he positively refused to permit it. It was by this sharp practice and double-dealing that
the Supervisors were induced to give their consent. It was by this deliberate deception
that the Merchants' Association and individual business men were induced to join in
calling for the Chinatown quarantine. Yet this statement was made by Phelan's board
after it had knowledge that Governor Gage would prohibit a quarantine of the city. Such
misconduct is flagrant. If the members of Phelan's board had a spark of right feeling
within them they would resign. If the Mayor had any sober conception of decency or duty
he would dismiss them from office. Refusing to do so, he should himselfbe ousted from
office if the law warrant such a proceeding.
This disgraced and virulent Board of Health cannot be useful to this city in the*
future. Its sodden persistence in a policy of ignorance, spite and falsehood has destroyed
all confidence in it, and if any pestilence should appear in the future the people would not
believe any statement it might make.
Mayor Phelan has it in his power to benefit the city by doing two things. He should
first remove this Board of Health and then himself resign and let some one become
Mayor who has the mature judgment and sober mind required for the proper administra
tion of the office.
They refuse to leave now. The ropes are down, the. police guards are withdrawn.
Yet the Chinese are going into that quarter of the city instead of running from it in a
not exist.
There is other evidence that the plaguy is not here in the fact that the Chinese have
all stood their ground. They know what this disease is far better than Phelan's doctors
know it. Where it exists they do not stay. If there had been plague in Chinatown the
Chinese population would have fled long ago. They do not' stay where it is any more
than white people stay with yellow feyer or cholera.
be computed.
The whole official contact of the Phelan government with the plague matter has
been , characterized by lack" of sense and judgment; The Phelan Chief,- of Police and the
Phelan Board of -Health have omitted no startling folly and offense that they could
commit. The midnight roping of Chinatown last March by the Chief of Police was. the
act of a vain, ignorant and incompetent officer. As a preventiveof infection, had. disease
been present, it was without efficacy. It could do nothing to - prevent spread of plague,
and could only inflictharm upon the city.and State. From that until the last quaran
tine of that quarter was suspended by the courts, the conduct of the Chief ; of Police and
Board of Health has been consistently foolish, weak, willful and injurious. Twenty or
thirty thousand Chinese were not prevented access to and contact with tlie places and
persons when the board pretended to locate plague. If the disease had been there, all
Chinatown would be suffering, with it now.
When the Governor of the State, aided by the best medical" talent here, Jiad made
a thorough investigation and reported no plague here, Mayor Phelan said he-would pay
no more attention to it than to the opinion of a quack doctor. His response to this
investigation and to the action of the Federal court was through' his Board of Health to
encourage Dr. Kinyoun to inflict awful injury upon the whole. State by putting it under
general quarantine, still without isolating a house where any supposed case of the plague
had occurred.
Let it be remembered that the Federal court granted to Phelan's Board of Health
the power to quarantine any such house, but none has*been quarantined, either by the
Mayor's board or its partner in vicious folly, Dr. Kinyoun. Refusing, therefore, to use
a power lawfully theirs, tlie members of the Mayor's board confess themselves either faith
less to their duty or guilty of falsehood as to the fact of plague being here, now or ever.
The quarantine must be based upon a fact. That fact must be the presence and
existence of the pestilence. If present, the house where it exists must be quarantined
and isolated. But the- board has not quarantined any house;- It has not isolated any
case. Therefore the foundation of fact even for an illegal quarantine of the State does
THE proceeding instituted by Supervisor McCarthy to oust Mayor Phelan's pesti
lent Board of Health should be pushed to completion. The Mayor,. by standing by
the incompetents on his board, has inflicted an injury upon California that cannot
OUST THE BUBONIC BOARD.
TO THE POWERS— IS THIS THE TIME TO QUARREL ABOUT LAND GRABBING?
FASHION HINT PROM PARIS.
States in the Union where men have the
right to vote before having resided In
the State or even in the bnited States
for five years. In a number of Statos
men are allowed to vote after having de
clared Intention of becoming citizens.
VENTRILOQUISM— J. M. F., Newark,
Cal. There ara books which are to be
obtained from, any first-class book seller
that will assist one who wishes to become
a ventriloquist. The art is acquired by
long practice. The department of An
swers to Correspondents does not make
any charge for answers to questions sent
to It.
TO MANILA AND BACK— M. A. H.,
City. If you mailed a letter to Manila
April (5 to a soldier there or supposed to
be there, you might expect a reply inside
of seventy days if the party receiving
it sent an immediate reply. If the party
was away on duty in some other part of
the island . of Luzon, it: is impossible to
tell when you might expect a reply, but
generally an answer might be looked for
in ninety days.
DIVORCE— A Subscriber, San Jose, Cal.
When a man secures a divorce from his
wife, should the wife desire to resume her
maiden name she must petition the judge
who hears the action. It depends upon
the facts If he grants the petition or not.
So far as the law of California is con
cerned, no divorced person is permitted
to marry in the State inside of a year
after the decree of divorce has been
granted. It does not matter where the
divorce was obtained.
LARGEST CITIES— W. E. C, Campton
vllle, Cal. In a few months the work of
the present census takers will be over
and the names of the leading cities as to
population will be published. The popu
lation statistics at this time are mere
guess work. The estimates of mayors of
cities at the close- of the last year place
the following in the list of the largest cit
ies in the order given: New York (Great
er), Chicago, Philadelphia, St. Louis, Bal
timore, Boston, Cleveland, Buffalo and
Cincinnati.
ATTACHING HOMESTEADS— S.. Santa
Rosa, Cal. A homestead is the subject
of execution on judgment obtained before
the declaration of homestead was' filed for
record, and which constitutes a lien on
the premises, for debts secured by me
chanics, contractors, sub-contractors, ar
tisans, architects, builders/laborers of all
classes, material men, or vendors who
have a lien on the premises; on debts se
cured by mortgage executed and acknowl
edged by husband and wife or by an.un
married claimant and on debts secured by
mortgage on the premises executed and
recorded before the declaration of home
stead is filed for record.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20, 1900.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "A Milk White Tlas."
Tit-cll— "Madeleine."
Alcazar—' "Sapho."
Orpbeum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "A Homespun Heart." •
Columbia — Kellar.
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy etreets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every alternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— "La Forza del Destlno."
Eutro Batfcs— Open Nie&ts.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tt> atTownsend's.*
Special information supplied, dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Theater omnibuses have been started in
Pans, which leave the chief theaters after
the performances and go out to six resi-
dence quarters.
Chicago and Return S72 50^
Tickets on sale June Hst and 2M. good for
return within seventy days. Only 63»4 hourf
to Chicago, on the Overland Limited, vit
Union Paclnc Railway. D. W. Hitchcock. Gen.
Agt., 1 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
CONTRIBUTORS
TO THE
SUMMER TERM COURSES,
....19OO....
THE CALL'S HOME STUDY
CIRCLE SERIES.
BEV. EDWARD EVERETT HALE,
D.D.,
Boston.
COLONEL THOS. W. HIGGINSON,
Cambridge, Mass. % -
ELIZABETH STUART PHEI.PS,
Boston.
F. HOPKINSON SMITH,
; New York City.
HARRIET PRESCOTT SPOFFORIX
•"Washington. IX C.
FRANK A. VANDERUP,
Assistant Secretary c£ the Treasury.
G. • STANUEY HAXL, LL.D.,
President Clark University.
PROFESSOR LEWIS E. GATES,
Harvard University.
I PROFESSOR JAMES F. KEMP,
Columbia University.
ALBERT S. BOLLES, LL.D.,
Haverford College.
jrSSE MACY, LL.L\,
Iowa College.
WILLIAM 3. ROLFE, LITT. D.,
Camb ridge, llasa.
O. P. AUSTIN,
Chief of the Bureau of Statistics.
a. c. Mclaughlin, ll.d.,
University of Michigan.
MARGARET AINSLEE, #
Philadelphia.
PROFESSOR G. R. CARPENTER,
Columbia University.
REV. LYMAN P. POWELL,
Author of American Historic Town
Series.
JAMES A. WOODBURN, Ph. D.,
Indiana University.
WILLIAM H0U3T0N, M. A.,
MacMaster University. Toronto.
"^GEORGE M. WRONG, M. A.,
¦University of Toronto.
CHARLES H. .SMITH, LL. D.,
Yale University.
PAUL C. FREER, Ph. D., M. D...
University of Michigan.
ROBERT M. TOOKER, M. D.,
Chicago.
OSCAR H. ALMS, M. D.,
Philadelphia.
WILLIAM HOWE DOWNES,
Art Editor "Boston Transcript."
/ ARTHUR \hOEBER,
Art Editor New York "Commercial
Advertiser."
And others wrjose names appear
In connection with the programrrje
of studies. . HOBAmerican Missionaries 1 bought to Have Rten Murdered
SB at Tung-Chow.
Chinese Cartoons Intended to Inflame the Masses Against
;3v?3j the Foreigners.
The lower drawings show the "foreign* devil" as a pis being; shot full of
arrows under the direction of the Mandarlrs.
ern California. The suit Is for $30,000
damages. Jdhn Van Buren, Allie's hus
band, was killed March 1 by a cave-in in
the defendant's mine at Keswick. The
copper company in the petition for a
change contends it 13 an alien corpora-
tion framed under Brinsn laws. No mem
ben of the same are citizens of Califor
nia but the plaintiffs are citizens. On
giving a $300 bond Judge Sweeny granted
the petition. The opinion Is abroad that
the company fears biased Juries here.
The Capture of the Taku
/Forts at the Mouth of the
Peiho River, May 20, 1858.
legations at Peking since June 11 and. the i
greatest anxiety prevails as to their <i
safety. There are innumerable rumors, 1
but there is nothinc of an authentic na- ]
The stories purporting to describe the J
situation at Peking June 17 merely reit- J
crate previous accounts. i
The Viceroy of Nanking has taken vie- 4
orous measures to prevent a rising in his A
district. , I
Sensational native rumors are current 1
that Tientsin has been burned by the <j
Chinese soldiers and that Tulu, the Vlco- J
roy of Chile, has fled from his province 1
In order to escape degradation. <,
. . i
SALISBURY'S VIEWS ON
MURDER OF CHRISTIANS
CRUISERS READY TO
PROCEED TO CHINA
LONDON, June 19.— Lord Salisbury was
tho principal speaker at the bl-centennary
meeting this afternoon of the Society for
the Propagation of the Gospel, which took
place in this city.
Referring to China he said that though
tho- persona slaughtered were Christians,
it must not be imagined they were mur
dered simply because the Chinese disliked
their religion. It was because the laata
prevailed there and elsewhere that mis
sionary work waa merely an instrument
by which a secular government achieved
its objects. While this was unjust, and
though the missionaries could not re
nounce'their work, the utmost caution
ought to mark their actions, as overzeal
ousness led to martyrdom and caused the
death of sailors and soldiers sent to
avenge the outrages.
TOULON, June 19.— The greatest activ
ity prevail? here with a view of guarding
against any eventuality, but with the ex
ception of the order to prepare two cruis
ers to proceed to Chinese waters no in
structions have been received yet.
The vessels to be sent will be either
d'Assas and du Chayla or the Algerand
Bugeaud, any of which, or all can be
made ready to sail in a week's time. ¦ •
There is also the question of forming
a liuht division of cruisers to be composed
of La Volsler, La Lande, Forbin, Wattig
nies, d'lbervelle and Casablanca.
MORE FRENCH TROOPS
ORDERED TO CHINA
PARIS, June 19.— The French Govern
ment will have 4200 troops at Taku when
the reinforcements just ordered out arrive
there. Two thousand will reach Taku be
fore July 3. The dispatch of a cruiser, di
vision which was decided upon to-day will
give France a strong naval force, consist
ing of seven modern cruisers— three of the
first class and four of the second— four
gunboats and a dispatch-boat.
LI HUNG CHANG IS .
ABOUT TO LEAVE CANTON
HONGKONG, June 19.— It is understood
that Li Hung Chang leaves Canton for
the north June 20. Canton; is quiet and
the Viceroys, of the provinces bordering 1
on the Yangtse Kiang are believed to be
strongly opposed to the revolutionary
movement. ' . .
Marines to Go to Stockton.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, June 19.— The naval authori
ties at Mare Island received to-day from
the Secretary of the Navy an order to
send a battalion of two hundred marines
and a military band by\special steamer to
Stockton on the afternoon of July 3 to
participate in the big street fair celebra
tion on July ,4. Large parties i from Val
lejo will attend the street fair at Stock
ton, and this order from the Navy Depart-
merit shows* the enterprise of the commit
tee In charge of the affair.
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
Pensions Granted, Civil Service Ap
pointments and Patents
Issued.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 19.— Pacific Coast
pensions have been granted as follows:
. California: Original— Benjamin L. But
ler, Buchanan, $6; Bernard Ryan, San
Francisco, $8: Charles W. Withaxn, Long
Beach, $12; Max Kern, San .Francisco. $6;
Charles Galletly, Watsonvllle, $6; Edwin
Leonard, Anaheim, $6; William McCreary,
Soldiers* Home, ?6; William H. Preston.
Veterans' Home, $8. Increase— G. Obrein
West, Los Gatos, $8; Cleofas Ponce d«
Leon, Santa Barbara, ?10; George H. New
ton. Soldiers' Home, $10; George Henry
Carroll, Oakville," $24. Mexican War sur
vivors: Increase — Jeremiah B. Moore,' San.
Francisco, $20. War with Spain: Widows-
Mary Bemls, mother, San Bernardino, $12.
Oregon: Renewal— David A. Bridewell,
Lostine, $6.
Washington: Additional— Chester P.
Gormley, Dayton, $3. Increase— Charles
H. Davis, Maury, $10; William H. Mil
lard, Bay View, |17; Hannah J. Gunning,
Vancouver, $12.
The Civil Service Commission announces
a speoial examination for postofflce clerk
and carrier at San Bernardino August 1;
Berkeley, August 4, and Portland, Or.,
August 1. '-..-.. .
Second Lieutenant Arthur F. Cassels,
Seventh Artillery, now at San Francisco,
will join his battery at Fort Adams, R. I.
Patents have been granted as follows
for the Pacific Coast:
California: San Francisco — James W.
Chisholm, manufacturing gas, also water
gas generator: William W. Hanscom and
A. Hough, assignors to J. O. Gunn, ma
chine for making electrodes for storage
batteries; John R. Tobin, apparatus for
plastering columns or the like. Pacific
Grove — Cornelius A. Culp, assignor to
Culp Brothers, tire deflator. Alameda —
Adam Hebere. smokeless coal-burning fur
nace. Napa— Peter G. Lavigne, screw pro
peller. Los Angeles— Robert P. Lawson,
filter; Michael A. McLaughlln, electric
belt. Lodf— Theron R. Lillie, screw holder
and ; driver. Ferndale — Eric G. : Newman,
upholstery. Sacramento — Ransom B.
Strait, apparatus for securing piston
packing rings. - Corona— Arthur L. Taber,
carbureting, lamp. San Jose— George
Trevett, mall box.
Washington: Walla Walla— Clifford L*.
Cambern,: trace fastener for whlfiletrees.
Sedro — James C. Woolley; R. A. and W.
J; llunro, grain door. Ophir — Henry
Room; water elevator or irrigating appa
ratus. '
Injured While Racing.
BERLIN,' June 19.— Lieutenant von Sin
gler of Strasburgand Lieutenant Brix of
Kottbus/ two of the best known gentle
men riders in Germany, have just met
with dangerous accidents while racing.
Several members of the Saxon "royal
family, including Prince Frederick
George, the : King's brother, paid a visit
to-day to the Barnum V. Bailey circus at
Dresden and; expressed themselves as de
lighted with the show.
Change . of : Venue Granted.
REDDING, June 19.— Judge Sweeny, in
the Superior Court of Shasta County." to
day, granted the application of the Moun
tain ' Copper; Company > for a transfer ; of
the case of Allle Van Buren and children
against" the copper company from here to
the United States Circuit Court of North-
RUSSIAN FORCES OPEN FIRE ON PEKING
tion. No reports were received at the
State Department to-day from any of its
officials in China. It is not known, conse
quently, whether or not our naval vessels
were with the other foreign ships in the
engagement at Taku on Saturday.
In the absence of a copy of the orders
to Admiral Kempff. it is not possible to
give a precise definition of his position,
but the facts are wider than was sup
posed. He Is not limited to the protection
to American life and property, but may
do anything in his judgment to conserve
American interests of any kind In China.
This instruction opens up unexpected pos
sibilities, involving even an alignment of
the United States with China in case It
may be found necessary In that manner
to prevent the usurpation or destruction
l>y other powers of such trade privileges
as we now enjoy in China, Improbable as
Euch alignment may be.
A significant fact In this connection is
that the official view here is still that
there is not yet a Btate of war between
China and the United States.
It Is contended that the stirring events
of Sunday morning did not of necessity
involve U3 in war and that the action of
the Chinese commander at Taku may yet
be disavowed or proved to have, -been
based on Ignorance or misunderstanding.
In thl* case it still gives opportunity for
explanation by« the Chinese Government
nnd suitable reparation that shall close
this Incident without war.
The Russian charge here, Mr. Wollant,
to-day notified Secretary- Hay that his
Government was dispatching 4000 troops
from Port. Arthur to Taku. -The depart
ment accepted this statement without
CHINA STILL HAS TIME
TO MAKE REPARATION
WASHINGTON. June 19.— Adjutant
General Corbin declared positively that up
to date only one regiment— the Ninth In
fantry—had been ordered from Manila to
China.
In addition to the Oregon, which is to
po up to Taku from Hongkong, the Buf
falo, with 300 green landsmen aboard, has
been ordered from Southampton, England,
to the Philippines, while the gunboats
Princeton and Marietta, which are ad
mirably suited to service in the Peiho
River, above Taku, have been held at
Cavite under orders to be ready for ser
vice at any moment.
The Zafiro also has been held at the
same place In readiness to take on sup
plies for the naval contingent at Taku.
If the Princeton and Marietta join Ad
miral Kempff, as seems probable now, he
will have at his command a more numer
ous and effective fleet of gunboats adapt
ed to the service on the Peiho River as
far up as Tientsin than has any other na-
LONDON. June 20, 3 a. m.— The Rus
sian relieving force arrived outside
Peking this morning, says the
Shanghai correspondent of the
Dally Express, and Immediately
began to attack the city on two sides,
emp'.ovlng numerous artillery.
The force apparently arrived in the
nick of time, for the Chinese assert that
the attack upon the legations had be^ni
successfully renewed. On the night of
June 16 the Chinese troops under Genera.s
Tung Fah Slang and Tung Chlng attacked
the legations and set on fire five European
buildings. Nothing definite is known as
to the result. Reports, utterly discredited
by foreigners here, are that the Chinese,
infuriated by the destruction of Taku,
have since massacred all the foreigners in
Peking.
A modified version of these rumors re
ceived at Berlin is that the French as well
as the German Minister has been killed.
The English at Shanghai think that the
Chinese had foreign advice in organizing
the defenses at Taku, because of the pre
cision .with which the attack was deliv
ered.
The wires connecting with the - harbor
mines were cut by the boats of the war
ships tho night before the bombardment.
It Is now reported at Shanghai that It
was on boar3 the Russian cruiser Korietz,
and not" the Mandschur. that the explo
sion occurred killing and wounding more
than fifty. It is reported that no fewer
than 700 Chinese were killed in the forts.
Japan Mobilizing an Array.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Dally Express says he Is officially in
formed that Japan is mobilizing 25,000 men
for Immediate transport. All the vessels
of the Japanese Merchant Shipping Com
pany have been chartered.
The British cruiser Undaunted arrived
at Shanghai yesterday, cleared for action
and took up a position commanding the
Chinese forts. There are three Chinese
cruisers in the harbor.
The new Chinese cruiser Hai-Tang,
built by the Armstrongs, has been taken
Into custody at Taku by the British and
Russians. At Turn Nan Fu 6S0 Christians
have been attacked at the French mis
sion settlement, many being put to death.
The French Consul and three mission
aries are still In prison.
The disorderly elements have secured
the upper hand at Wa-Hu and Czechuan,
where the native Christians have been
massacred. A thousand Boxers have
gathered on the outskirts of Tientsin.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Daily News, telegraphing yesterday,
says: "The Chinese officials here assert
that they have news from Peking up to
June 17. The situation was then very se
rious. Beyond that they claim to have
received nothing, but they say that the
dispatches have been withheld.
Seymour in Danger.
"Although I am not willing to adopt the
alarmist reports, my impression, gathered
from the Consuls and the Chinese au
thorities, is that the worst is to be feared
in Peking. Admiral Seymour's column is
now in the middle of an arid plain, with
no food and no good water and surround
ed by hostile forces."
A dispatch from Shanghai announces
that the United States transport Thomas,
with troops from Manila, was diverted to
Nagasaki and has arrived at Taku with
1200 men.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Times, telegraphing yesterday, says:
"The British flag Is reported to have been
flying yesterday over the south gate of
Peking. This Is presumed to indicate
the arrival of Admiral Seymour.
"The summoning of LI Hung Chang
to Peking is regarded as a complete
change of front on the part -of the Man
chus, who have abandoned the hope of
opposing the powers."
The Hongkong correspondent of the
Times says that the Boxer movement is
spreading on West River.
EW YORK. June. 19. —Two reports have been received from Shanghai ;
} of the arrival of the relief force at Peking. One story Is that Ad-.- 1
,i rr.iral Seymour has hoisted the British flag over the south gate of the
I Chinese capital, while in the other instance the Russian force, as to )
which there have been various hazy references in recent dispatches,
is stated to have arrived outside the walls this morning and to have lame- ,
dlately attacked the city on two sides, employing artillery.
According to this second dispatch the relief arrived In the nick of time,
for a renewed attack had been mad? upon the legations. Apart from this <
it is now live days since any word has been received of the diplomatic corps
and GOO other foreign residents and refugees and 400 odd legation guards In the j
Chinese capital. As far as Admiral Seymour's -action is concerned, it /-was
pointed out by the British Admiralty that the Japanese report- of his return ;
to Tientsin was not confirmed in the dispatches transmitted by H. M. S. «
Endymion. while Commander Taus3lg"s reference to the presence of the Brit
ish admiral at the town Is admitted, as pointed out in the Herald yesterday, J
of interpreting that It was Admiral Bruce who had arrived there and not the ,
admiral in command of the relief expedition. ~:vV <.
Rumored mat me Chinese, Infu
riated at the Capture of TaKu,
Have Since Massacred All For
eigners in the Mongol Capital.
ccjmment. It Is known to the officials
here that Japan is also, sending a cor
responding number of troops to the seat
of the trouble and that England, Ger
many and France are doing likewise. It
is believed that with our own force, num
bering about 2000, including the Ninth
Infantry, the international army, will be.
quite strong enough to relieve the siege
of the embassies and legations at Peking.
If v a larger number of American troops
should be necessary they will bo sent for
ward as soon as troops can be concentrat
ed at Manila from the outlying posts.
When the official day closed it was
found that a message received in the
morninu from Admiral Remey at the
Navy Department touching the readiness
of the Princeton and Marietta and Zafiro
for immediate service represented all the
news that had come to the Government
from the East slhce yesterday. One fact
of the utmost importance developed— that
the notice of the Russian Government of
its intention to dispatch 4000 troops to
China was accompanied by an under
standing that these troops were to be used
for the assistance of Europeans and
Americans and with no purpose of terri
torial aggression on the part of Russia. I
This assurance was received with the
greatest satisfaction. It is understood
that Japan, in view of Russia's frank
declaration, will consent to assume the
same obligation toward the other
in which case the greatest obstacle to ef
fective action, whether concurrent or
joint, by the powers in China may be con
sidered as removed.
Lord Pauncefote, the British Embassa
dor, called at the State Department this
afternoon and spent a half hour in con
ference with Secretary Hay. His Lord
ship had no news from his own Govern
ment beyond that conveyed by the morn
ing papers respecting the developments*
In China, and he was particularly anxious
to be informed as to the details of tht>
reported battle Sunday morning.-* The
State Department was without informa
tion on this point. It Is said that Ad
miral Kcmpff will be heard from in a day
or so. The difficulties in the way of a
speedy communication between the Navy
Department and the admiral are illus*
trated In the series of messages that
have come In the last forty-eight hours
from the cable office.
Yesterday the department was informed
that while the wire system beyond Chefu
and leading up to Taku and Tientsin
had been cut. it had been arranged that
a dally steamboat should take messages*
for these points at Chefu and carry
them to their destination up the river.
Though this arrangement Involved a day's
delay, it was acceptable, and the authori
ties were disappointed at receiving to
day the following: notice from the cable
office:
"Cable office reports Chinese adminis
tration canceled arrangements for postal
service from Chefu to Tientsin and Taku.
The Great N/ortbern route through Sibe
ria will do its utmost to get telegrams
through to Tientsin, but messages can
be accepted only at senders' risk."
An ugly feature about this notice is the
disclosure of an apparent purpose on- the
part of the Chinese Government to In
terfere with free communication between
the foreign commanders at Tientsin and
Chefu and fneir respective governments,
an action which may have some bearing
on the decision which must be reached
very shortly as to the status of the re-
lations between China and the other na
tions of the world.
?
GERMAN GOVERNMENT
IS VERY CAUTIOUS
BEBLIN, June 19.— The German Gov
ernment continues to express its opinion
with the utmost caution regarding the
situation in China. Even now it continues
to avoid the use of the word "war," and
still expresses the hope that the Peking
Government is innocent of deliberate hos
tile action. ,
The German press Is outspoken In its
demands for more vigorous steps. The
Vosslche Zeltung says: "Germany, in
conjunction with other powers, will bear
hex* share of the burden of re-establishing
normal conditions, but she will claim an
adequate share of the reward."
An oiRcial of the Foreign Office remark
ed to-day that if the alarming news from
Peking last received were true some con
firmation of it would almost certainly
have reached the coast, adding: "Still,
the Foreign Office is prepared to hear
bad news when any news comes."
The Foreign Office emphasizes the fact
that the Taku forts fired upon the inter
national fleet in answer to a request to
land marines to protect the foreigners in
Tientsin. It is unable to explain the ac
tion of the s Chinese commander except
upon the assumption that he acted under
general orders from Peking 1 .
The Foreign Office has no confirmation
of the report published in a British paper
that the German gunboat Ilti3 was badly
damaged in th« engagement with the forts
and that her captain was killed. It dis
credits the rumors.
A leading official, speaking for the For
eign Office, repeats the denial that the
powers are negotiating regarding the
course of joint action, and says every
thing has been left to the various com
manders, who will simply "perform police
duties." An official dispatch says everv
thing is quiet at Kiaochau. The mother
of the German Minister at Peking, Baron
von Ketteler, in Munster, has received a
telegram from China saying the news of
her son's death is not true.
The Chinese Minister in Berlin has coun
termanded the diplomatic reception for
Friday next, invitations to which had al
ready been issued.
NO AUTHENTIC NEWS
FROM THE CONSULATES
7
;¦' TH J£ SA'.N "; 'if li A .N CISCO C AJLL, * r \VED^N ESD A Y, JIT !N"Ji! 20, 1 900.
SHANGHAI, June 19.— The consulates
have received no communication from the
BLOOP.UVER.LSJMGS;!
DR.PIERCE'S. 1
MEDICAL y
FOR THE "
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
lin/iftV Ccld dredsinr pumps, the only
JALKjUM nccessfnl pump manufactured.
< " 1VU CS Sixth st. Baa Francisco.
t/Cif\f 14 W*«* successful at Nome lait
HJVUvJll, !»*«¦• All cthrrs failed. In oP«rs-
Uon dally. > Stevenson St.. B. 7.
OUR COLD OREDOINQ PUMPS
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
KEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAR.VT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. llooms, £0c to %l SO day;
fi to i& week; IS to J20 month. Free baths: hot
— * and cold water every room: fire grates la every
rpom: elevator runs all oieht.
IA/. T. HESS,
KCTAEY PC3LI3 1MJ ATT0RKSY-AT-L1W.
Teeth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreckels Bldg.
| Telephone Brown 831.
Residence. £21 California et.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
| b a gkeat luasxcnATiye. u»vwoiu.
¦ tor and jiJerrlne.
Th« most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Oreans for both sexes.
It* Uexican Remedy for-Dlseases of the Kid-
»e>» and 13>adder. Bells on Its own merits.
NABZR, ALFS & BRUNE. Agenti.
CS UsxJtet St.. 8. F.— (Bend for Circular.!
BAJA CALIFORNTA
Damiana Bitters
GRAND HOTEL
The high standard of excellence main-
tained by these hotel* is recogr-ixed and
appreciated by a discriminating and fas-
tldicus dScStnc who regularly make them
their headquarters when In Fan Francisco.
I^ocated In close prcxlrntty to nholerala
»nd rheppinff <l!rtrtcts. places or amuse-
ment and with »he further advantage of
baring street cars to til pclnts of interest
pecs the entrance.
American plan. European plan.
PALACE HOTEL
Avisr* OR- JORDAN'S great j
Imuseqs of anatomy^
a C& 1£1 1U2KT ST. M. ttkKu S.F.Ca i
W Qr^ The Lanrest Anatocical Museum in the \
A -jL World W e»kne»K* or any contracted M
A A<fff A CS.JC20«t-?E!VAT£ DISEASES 4
\ if^v^h Coa«oltstioo freo and srri't'y r.rivi:* \
\ R 7^)0 /VM.tit« CVre in erery case undertaken. \
A P. / lie; WrKforBoolc.Pail.a»OI>a'a«ri
ft I ; 1 jcMiai^SK. MAILED FRCE. (AT
X A fl, . vsluatle lock foe EirnJ \
9 O" JOBDAK&tO,l!C! Market St.. 6. F. "
C20 Slarket Street (Opposite Palace Hotel),
San Francisco.
Eastern Office— New York City.
US INVENTING HIS WORLD-UENOWNED
••Jiapnctlc Elastic Truss" t»r. Pierce pave to
the public the tcoet remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the successful treatment of
Herrla or Rupture. Thousands of euffcrerj
have been permanently relieved and radically
CURED by this creat appliance and thousands
of others are now on the road to complete re-
- ovrry This Truss Is different from ail others.
It does the work!
You can pet our "BOOKLET No. 1" by ca'.l-
lnr et the office, or it will be sent en receipt
of a 2-cent stamp. It tells all about this Truss.
"MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
RUPTURE CURED.
'IBI^WOIERFE
\ s £?\ laUuo.
Neaj- Powell.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST..
Op«i Evenings.
Buyers wIH do well to Inspect our
terms and jrices before purchasing else-
where.
Ei-pry tie? a money caver.
Call and i-iar".:.t our laree and ele-
C^r.t etock.
Estimates on complete house fumlsh-
Izig cheerfully Given.
Free Delivery Within 100 Mile*.
PEOSPECTIVE FURNITURE
AND CARPET
A Stitch In Tiae Saves Nine.
Littie-at- the -Time Payments.
AMUSEMENTS.
SECOITD AND LAST WEgK
Of the Enormous Comic Opera Success,
MADELEINE
or THE MAGIC KISS.
Playlngr Nightly to Crowded Houses!
Sung 1 by an Unrivaled Company. Inetadtac
EDWIN STEVEN9. ANNA UCHTER. FER-
RIS HARTMAN.
Evenings at S. Matinee Saturday at 1
Next Week— Revival of the Operatic Ota,
—"THE GEISHA."—
Reserved Seats Are Now On Sal* I t
POPULAR PRICES 2S and 69 cemts
Telephone Bush 9.
* SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Every Night, including 8oaday. X stint* Bstartay.
KELLAR
THE GREAT MAGICIAN.
Presenting a Wonderful ProKramma of
MYSTIFYING MARVELS.
PRICES-Kc. 33c. 50c. 73c and |L
—NEXT MONDAY—
...HENRY MILLER...
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY.
6 NIGHTS-MATINEE3 WEDNESDAY XST>
SATURDAY.
The Comedy. "MISS HOBBS."
Seats ready to-morrow morning at • o'clock.
EVERY NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
THIRD WEEK
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
The Rasing Sensation.
SAPHO!
, Seats— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Seats Six Days In Advance, at Box Offle*
Only.
CHUTES ANDJSOO.^^JSr
HALL SDBDDING WALLACE
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
'TO-MORROW NIGHT.
AMATEUR APPLE-EATING CONTEST
Order seats by phone. Parlc S3.
l?ICrHT?R >{ 5 CONCERT HOUSE.
LAMBARDI OPERA QUARTET AND SIO.
ABRAMOFF. In Last Act of "LA FORZA
DEL DESTINO." Elizabeth R. Mowry. Dra-
matic Soprano, and Isabelle Underwood.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS. .
Open Dailv from 7 a. m. to 11 d. a.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
- -ADMISSION . 10c. • CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing-, Including admission, 23c; children. 9m.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
GEO. ETONE,
Chairman Republican State Central Com-
mittee. W. M. CUTTER. Secretary.
EVERYBODY INVITED,
TO=MORROW,
Thursday Evening,
AT THE^
PRESIDERTI -VICEPRESIDEHT
RATIFICATION
IN HONOR OF' THE
Republican Nominees
— axd —;;*,;
lore Prosperity]
MORE
ADVTSBTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY ("WEDNESDAY). June 20.
Parquet. 25c. any- seat; balcony. 10c: children,
10c, any part.
THE MOST ATTRACTIVE VAUDEVILLE
BILL OF THE SEASON!
CHARLES E. GRAPE WIN, assisted
-by Miss Anna Chance & Co.
MUSICAL DALE.
VAN & NOBRIGA CO.; THE MARVELOUS
MERRILLS: SYDNKT DEANE: McDONALD
BROTHERS: AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Last Week of
JOSEPH HART AND CARRIE DE MAR,
PHONE MAIN 633.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
Judson Brusie's Immensely Successful
Rural Drama,
A Homespun Heart
PRICES— 10c. 13c. Ec and EOc.
Good reserved seat In orchestra Saturday
t Matinee. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium-.
Monday evening 1 . July 2— THE NETV
FRAWLET COMPANY. In Israel Zang-
will's drama of Hebrew life, "THE CHIL-
DREN OF THE GHETTO." Sale of seats
commences June 23.
| SPECIAL! |
Owing to the Tremendous Success of
A Milk White Flat
It has been Decided to Continue this Great
Production all of THIS and NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAYS ONLY.
Presented by-
Dunne & Ryley's ALL-STAR CAST,
Next^-Hoyfs."A DAY AND A NIGHT."
OLYMFIA ci%Mfo».
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW
IN THE CITY.
First Appearance on the Coast.
0^U«iGn TRUMP,
The High-Card of Hand Balancers.
THE DOCKMANS.
Athletic Comedians and Comedy Bag Punchers.
SI STEBBINS,
The Maine Monologist and Card Conjurer.
HENRI D'ARMO, '
The Aerial King.
And Our Celebrated Stock Company.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
« ADMISSION FREE. ,
FOR
*i/«7v? RCHBISHOP RIORDAN, who la on
jl \\ his way home from Rome, will be
It W given a splendid reception upon hia
arrival. He will probably reach
San Francisco about the 9th or 10th prox.
A meeting was held last evening at the
residence of the clergy of St. Mary's Ca
thedral to make the necessary arrange
ments to receive the Archbishop. Judge
Robert J. Tobin presided. Among those
present were: Very Rev. J. J. Prender
g-ast. V. G. ; Mayor Phelan. Garret W. Mc-
Enerny, Judge Jeremiah F. Sullivan,
James R. Kelly, Judge A. F. St. Sure of
Alame<3a. John H. Burnett and W. H.
Nolan. The arrangements were not all
completed In detail, but the general plan
was mapped out.
There will be several events of great
public interest, among them a public, re
ception In the largest public hall that can
be engaged for the occasion; solemn ser
vices in St. Mary's Cathedral, and a ban-
A&CSBISKOV BIOBDAlf.
Judge Hebbard Issues Injunction in
New Suit Directed. Against
City Treasurer.
The members of the St. Marys Park
Association have apain succeeded in ty
ing up the $125,000 which had been set
aside for the purchase of property de
sired, but which Judge Seawell decided
could be used to pay the city's bills.
Judpe Hebbard issued an Injunction yes
terday restraining City Treasurer Brooks
from paying out any of the money. The
injunction was issued upon a complaint
filed in the Superior Court yesterday by
Christian Reis. acting on behalf of the
Park Association, against the City Treas
urer. The injunction is only temporary.
The grounds of the new suit are similar
to those of the one decided by Judge Sea
well last week, the only difference being
that this suit is directed against tho
Treasurer. It Is presumed that Judge
Hebbard will hold with Judge Seawell,
but the plaintiff will now be able to ap
peal to the Supreme Court, and the fund
will be tied up indefinitely.
The discovery was made in the Au
ditor's office yesterday that Police Com-
Has Not Filed His Bond.
ties in the Auditor's and Treasurer's of
fices, matron for the Morgue and messen
per in the County Clerk's office. The
Mavor desires to get the views of others
before he makes his recommendation that
the positions be created.
THE ST. MARYS PARK
FUND AGAIN TIED UP
WELCOME HOME TO
THE ARCHBISHOP
Catholic Clergy and Laity Will
Make His Return From Rome
Memorable Event.
Public Reception in Large Hall, Thanksgiving
Services in St. Mary's Cathedral and a
Banquet to Occur in His Honor.
o ? » » » ?¦? »»»??» ?-? ? ? ? ? ?¦?-»-4 ?»?¦»?? »???? »~»-o
WOULD LEVY A
TAX ON DOCTORS
AND ATTORNEYS
Proposition Discussed at
Meeting of Supervisors'
Committee.
Representatives of Banfcs Protest
Agtunst Proposed Ordinance In
creasing Bate on Bankers
to $6OO per Quarter.
A movement is on foot to place a license
tax on lawyers and doctors. In order to
bring In more revenue to the city. The
proposition developed itself at the meet
ing of the Supervisors' License and Order
Committee held yesterday to consider the
ordinance which has been passed to print
Imposing a llcenee on bankers, money
lenders and stockbrokers. Attorney Chiclc
eriug, representing the Union Trust Com
pany, stated that the license would be a
burden on the baxks.
"If you gentlemen want to raise revenue
for the city," said Mr. Chlckerins, "why
do you not place a license on lawyers aaa
doctors?" IV
The Mayor, who was present at the
ineeUne. seemed to be Impressed by the
force of the suggestion and remarked to
Supervisor McCarthy that the proposition
would bear looking up. The Mayor said
that at present the members of the two
professions pay no license. It Is quite
probable that an ordinance on the subject
will be drafted for presentation at the
next meeting ol the board. . . ¦¦'
Judge Allen, representing the banks of
Ban p-ranciuco, was heard in protest
against Increasing the license on savings
and commercial banks.
"Last year," said Judge Allen, "the
Pank of California paid a State license of
JK<6 S5. besides the $300 local license. The
bankf would be oppressed if they have to
pay J600 per quarter. Moreover, all ex
cept national banks must pay a tax to the
Federal Government."
Attorney R.ege::sburger, for the money
lenders, said the new ordinance will force
out of business the money lender who has
but a s-mail amount of capital Invested.
Attorney Chickering thought the new
bill will bring under Its Movfsion all mer
chants who give credit, mr he held that
they are virtually money lenders. The new
ordinance, he Kaid. should be remodeled
eo a« to epecifitsilly et&te who are money
lenders and who are not. The Union
Trust Company paid a war tax of J1S00
last year. A. Dannenbaum represented
thirty money lenders whose receipts in the
aggregate do not exceed J10.000. and he
asked that the ordinance be bo graded as
to exclude the Emaller money lenders.
Consideration of the ordinance went
over until Friday, June 22, when the Joint
Committee on Judiciary and Licenses and
Orders will meet for the purpose.
Attorney Rosenthal appeared for the
manufacturers of billiard and pool tables
in opposition to the ordinance imposing
a license on lessees of the tables. The
committee decided to amend the ordinance
by reducing the tax from $6 to $4 per
quarter, provided that it shall not be im
posed in cases where no charge is made
directly or indirectly for the use of tables.
The ordinance imposing a license of $75
per quarter on advertising fences was in
definitely postponed. Booth and Comte
held that the $10 license now In force
ehould be maintained, so as to allow com
petition in the bill-posting business.
TO RECOMMEND GRANTING
OF LIFE CERTIFICATES
Board of Examiners Desire Revision
of Law Limiting Them to Six
Years Only. -
The board of examination decided yes
terday to draft a resolution requesting
a revision by the Legislature of the State
law regarding the granting of teachers'
certi'icaies so the period may be increased
from six years • to life. Superintendent
Webster ard Deputy Kingsbury were ap
pointed a committee to draft the resolu
tion for presentation to the next meeting
of the board. Jf the resolution be finally
adopted it will l>e forwarded to County Su
perintendents of Schools, city and county
Boards of Education and educators gen
erally" throughout the State, with a view
to petting their co-operation In having: the
law amended fo that the first certificate
granted to teachers will be for life.
C. T. Work, who has been appointed
superintendent of manual training, was
cranted a Frammar grade certificate on
his diploma from the Ponnrylvania State
Normal School. Mi.«s D. Beebe. who was
t-lected supervisor of drawing in the de
partment, was refused a certificate with
out examination upon her diploma from
the Teachers' Collepe. an institution
¦which is not recognized by the State. Two
ladies who applied for certificates on their
California State life diplomas were in
formed that their diplomas entitle them
to teach without another certificate being
granted. - . -
A communication from the State Super
intendent of Schools, in which he recom
mended that in granting certificates a
month's experience in night schools
should tw rejrard.-d af equivalent to half
a month in day schools, was read.
Positions May Be Canceled.
Mayor Phelan has decfdfd to call Into
"consultation the members of the Civil
Berytcc Commission and the Merchants'
Association with a view to determining
whether certain «>xtra clerks provided for
in the tax budfj* t are actually required.
The positions will be canceled if after
investigation they are found to be use
less. They include the stationery clerk
in the Supervisors' office, index and mort
gage clerks fcr the Kecorder, extra d<y>u-
John Sergensen Exonerated.
A Coroner's jury yesterday ' returned - a
verdict that James Sloan came to his
death on June- 14 in the Iron House," cor
ner of Battery and Jackson streets, from
Injuries received accidentally while'sky
larking with John Sergensen. Sergensen
was exonerated f rom > all blame.
Democratic Doings.
The executive committee of . the : Demo
cratic County Committee will meet 'at the
California Hotel next Saturday. A meet
ing of the General County Committee will
be held at the. same, place Wednesday of
next week, Subjects relating to primary
election requirements will be considered. 4
The Bear Club.
The Bear Club met last evening in B'nal
B'rlth Hall. It was resolved to parade
to-morrow evening and march to the mass
meeting: to -be held In the Pavilion
Spoeches were made by Frank R. Haynea
Sheriff Lackmann and others. 'The club
adjourned to witness a drill of the drill
corps. The corps will appear in uniform
on ratification night. •
Good Situations for Engravers.
The; United States ¦ Civil Service Com
mission announces >that an examination
will be held for the position of square let
ter, engraver for the Department of En
graving and,. Printing at. Washington.
There are four .vacancies in the depart
ment.- No educational test will be re
quired, but. applicants must submit speci
mens of their work. .They, are requested
to send immediately to the Civil Service
Commission at Washington for the neces
sary blanks. The salaries range from
$1000 to $2500 per annum. .
The Oberon Insolvent.
Creditors of Joerdens & Martlne of the
Oberon, 38 and 40 O'Farrell street, filed a
petition yesterday in the United States
District Court to declare that firm an In
voluntary bankrupt. Tqe principal cred
itors are the Wunder Brewing Company
$820, and the RoyaJ Eagle Distillers Com
pany, $545 30. -,;
A volantary petition was filed by Albert
Bergstrom, saloon-keeper, 129 O'Farrell
street. Liabilities $749, assets $128 35.
Merchandise May Be Transported and
Received in Bond Without
Appraisement. \>
Astoria, Or., has been made by act, of
Congress a port to and, from which mer
chandise may be transported : in • bond
without appraisement.
Astoria merchants will thus be per
mitted to import . European poods via
Eastern ports, bring them to Astoria and
have them , appraised : there without the
delay incident to appraisement on the At
lantic seaboard. ..-. ¦¦:*<£ ¦ '
Merchandise from the Orient arriving
at Astoria can be transported to East
ern ports under like conditions. : Hereto,,
fore such merchandise was required to be
entered at Portland.
COMMERCIAL BENEFIT
EXTENDED TO ASTORIA
Reported Gold Sand in Hawaii.
H. S. Jones, who has Just returned from
the Hawaiian Islands, reports that sev
eral rich deposits of gold-bearing black
sand have been discovered about twenty
miles from Honolulu, on land owned by
a native, and that it yields $400 per ton
for some and none less than $131 per ton.
He also says that there are three mining
assayers and experts on the ground and
that they are taking the sand in sacks
from the creek to a ship that will tak<» it
to Vallejo to the Selby Smelting Works.*
Fifty tons are ' expected by the next
steamer. Walter Selby. is mentioned as
being concerned in the matter. •
Nicholas Cotter Spent $2000 and His
Last Purchases Were Poison
and Beer.
Nicholas Cotter committed suicide yes
terday morning by swallowing carbolic
acid in his room in the St. David's House,
715 Howard street. The body was found
shortly after 2 o'clock by a bedmaker.
Two beer bottles, one empty and the other
half full, were found in the room, and a
note scribbled in pencil . by Cotter in
which he stated that he was born in
County Kerry, Ireland, June, 1842, and
was 58 years old. Cotter pawned his
watch for $2 50 last Monday aVul bought
the poison and beer with a part of the
money. - ¦.
Two years ago Cotter separated from
his family and sold his home, consisting
of a house and lot on Louisa .street, for
$2000. With the proceeds he entered upon
a reckless career of dissipation. His body
lies on a. slab in the Morgue.
CARBOLIC ACID ENDS
¦•-.V A TWO YEARS' SPREE
Charles Lee, Teamster, Under Arrest
and Sergeant Lewis Under
Detention.
Sergeant Lewis, Battery O, Third Artil
lery, who was under arrest In the guard
house at the Presidio on. suspicion of be
ing implicated in thefts of coal and kero
sene from the quartermaster's stores, has
been released from the guardhouse and is
now confined to his quarters awaiting a
full investigation of the whole affair.
The coal and kerosene claimed to have
been stolen were shown to have . passed
through the hands of Charles Lee, a team
ster at the post, now under arrest in the
City Prison, The coal was sold to a dealer
named Katto, near the Presidio, who said
he purchased nearly thirty sacks from
Lee. Lee claims that the coal he sold he
bought from the other teamsters, to whom
It was allowed by the Government, The
ration of a teamster in the Government
service includes four, sacks of coal a
month, and this is charged off the Gov
ernment's accounts, whether It be taken
by the teamster or left In the bin. The
ttamsters claim they can do what they
please with the- coal if they do not wish
to burn it, and Lee says it was some of
this, that he bought and sold again to
Ratto.
As to the kerosene, the quartermaster at
the Presidio -is Investigating the presence
of nine cans of the oil found under tho
bed in Lee's room, on Moulton street. Tho
Government oil is not marked in any par
ticular way, and the cans found . under
Lee's bed were not marked, so there is no
way to tell positively where the oil came
from. It is suspected that it came from
the Presidio, however, hence the arrest of
Lewis, whose duty it was to keep track
of issues of coal and oil. The post uses
10.000 gallons of oil a quarter and about 75)
tons of coal, so the loss of thirty sacks
of coal and nine cans or forty-five gallons
of oil will be hard to prove.
SOLD OIL AND COAL
AND GOT INTO TROUBLE
missioner Mahoney has not yet filed his
bond. The charter expressly states that
the bond must be filed before the Com
missioner takes office. Mahoney's failure,
it is believed, wdll invalidate his vote on
the commission. Mayor Phelan, when
seen about the matter, stated that there
evidently was a mistake In the report, as
he believed that the bond had been filed.
MEDALS AND DIPLOMAS
FOR ST. ROSE'S PUPILS
Dominican Academy Closes Term
With an Attractive Programme
- of Exercises.
The closing exercises of St. Rose's Acad
emy were held yesterday in Native Sons'
Hall, under the direction of the Domin
ican Sisters. An immense audience filled
the auditorium and even the aisles and
doorways were packed.
There were two graduates, Miss Abbie
Ross and Miss Mary Cronan. Awards were
made to girls as follow: ¦¦• ',- < ¦ •-
•Gold medal for composition,. Grace
Welsh; gold medal for good conduct, Nel
lie Connor; gold medal for Christian doc
trine. Constance Koch; second gold medal
for Christian doctrine, Minnie Connelly.
Sliver medal for general excellence, Mamie
Sheehan; second sliver medal for general
excellence, Gertrude Campbell; painting,
Romaine Mulqueen; penmanship, Marian
Tobin; general . excellence, Frances Con
nor, Josephine McGrory and Catherine
Mahoney; Christian doctrine, Madeline
Cushman.
Following are the awards to boys: Gen
eral excellence, Arthur Frlsbee; applica
tion, Robert Tobin.
The presentation of medals and diplomas
was made by Rev. Hugh Lagan of the
Sacred Heart.
The feature of the programme was a
series of tableaus entitled "Israel's Wom
anhood." The several scenes produced
liberal applause and were exceedingly
beautiful. The principal parts were filled
by Genevieve Meherin, Nellie Connors,
Ida Klink, Mary Adams - and Mary
Thompson. Another attractive feature
was a drill entitled "California's Daugh
ters," in which some twenty young ladies
participated. Each carried a wreath of
golden poppies. In the parlors adjoining
the hall the work done by pupils in China
painting was on exhibition. Miss Kather
ine O'Dea was the principal and best ex
hibitor, being represented by a tea set,
with a handsome design of red roses, and
a fish set beautifully painted with a deli
cate design of sea shells. Exhibitions
were made by Willie Egan, Katherine
O'Donnell, Genevieve Sullivan and Paul
ine Taylor.
Japan, Korea; the Germans will extend
their influence to Changtung; France will
push up from Cochin China, and Tonquln,
and the English will take the Yanktse
Valley."
THE Reverend S. C. Partridge, bishop
of the central diocese of Japan,
one of the most active prose
lyters who has gone forth from
this country to carry civilization
and education among . the peoples of
China and Japan, arrived in this city
yesterday on the Doric. During the after
noon he was at the Occidental Hotel. He
left for the East last night on the over
land train. He will proceed imme
diately to- Uoston, where his American
home is situated.
For the last eighteen years Bishop Part
ridge has been in almost daily cont&ct
with the Chinese in the central provinces,
keeping In touch not only with the social
evolution of the country but also the po
litical changes which have from time to
time rent the- government in the prov
inces of China. He is a man of power as
well as influence and his views on the
present involved political conditions of
the great Chinese empire are interesting
in the extreme.
In 1882, while a traveler in the Shanghai
country, Bishop Partridge became at
tached to St. John's College in Shang
hai.- After three years of arduous work
he returned to America for a further
course of scientific study and then he
packed his traps for the scene of hla
former missionary endeavors. Up the
river about 600 miles to Wuchang he was
sent to advance civilization among a peo
ple who had not yet come in reach of
missionary work. Here he remained more
than thirteen years, until quite recently,
at a meeting of the House of Bishops
(Episcopalian), in St. Louis, he was
unanimously elected to the central dio
cese of Japan with headquarters at Ky
ota. He is now enjoying a nine months"
furlough, at the end of which time he will
return to Japan.
"Most of my work," he said yesterday,
"has been done along the Yangtse river
in the Hupqh province, city of Hangkow,
tho greatest tea market in the world. To
the European travelers it is known ' as
the Chicago of China on account of its
' bristling life and the fact that it is go
ing to be the great railroad center of the
empire. Hangkow lies at the junction of
the Han and Yangtseklang rivers. It is
a great. center of trade and has a popu
lation greater than 2,000,000. It is the
terminal point of the railroad from Pek
ing, built by Belgian and French capfcal,
and will be the Initial point of the new
road extending from Hangkow to Can
ton. The city is really composed of three
distinct cities separated bv the banks of
the river.
j "What Is of particular importance to
Americans is the knowledge ot the vast
business possibilities that awaits them in
this city. The tea business, enormous in
extent and open to all peoples, is largely
. controlled by Russia. The prospect for
American commerce in this district should
hold the minds of our countrymen. The
Chinese are a people slow to reform or
adaptation, but when they realize and ap
preciate the value of new things they ad
here to the innovations as if they were
necessary to their existence. American
articles are consumed here and to illus
trate the Chinese predilection for things
American, the Russians and Germans lind
it necessary, to forge articles of commerce
to represent the form and shape of Amer
ican manufactures." *
Although Bishop Partridge has been
miles removed from ' the . locality ' nf the
Boxer riots and outbreaks, he knows
Chinese politics sufficiently well to hit at
a most plausible reason for their origina
tion. He does not think the disturbances
are as fearful as have been portrayed,
because of his strong belief that all news
has been wired through French and Rus
sian sources. .
"Chinese diplomacy is always rotten."
he continued, "and It Is necessary to dig
deep to find the cause of unsettled condi
tions. All China swarms with marauding
banditti— gangs that come from the out
lying districts and fall upon the-peace
fully disposed people in the -towns and
villages. It is a singular thing that Chin
ese soldiers never fire upon rioters, and
that la the. reason why the present out
break has grown to such proportions. The
Chinese Government can protect its own
people if it wishes to do so, and it Is my
firm belief that these rjots have been pro
voked by the Russians and the Germans.
Russia. Germany and Japan are more or
Ipss united in a spirit of aggrandizement.
The , United ¦: States, England and France
are most anxious to have these riots put
down, looking more for the establishment
of peace and open-door trade possibilities
than the mere possession of land. Of
course the English are most anxious to
sustain control in the great Yangtse Val
ley on account of .its wealth of agricul
tural and mineral products and more par
ticularly, because It la the waterway to
India, and the , Thlbetlan country. This
wav must be kept open for the English.
"There is a strong feeling among mod
ern Chinese to ¦ get rid ot the reformers
among themselves.' and this Boxer move
ment f is a catspaw.. The -'Boxers would
never have approached Peking unleaa
they .were ordered to do so.. . I have seen
too many of these'uprisjngs not to know
the': moving, forces at work back of this
late onrush. It is the 1 Chinese diplomacy to
play one power against another. What it
will result. in r can easily .be. foreseen. It
will terminate In the partition of the
Chinese empire. :
" "The best friends, of China ¦ want parti
tion— a. shakeup that will forever wipe out
the machinations of a selfish, gluttonous
mob, of: office seekers who enrich them
selves at the expense of every Chinese llv
insr.' " .-..-.•¦¦¦ • - -. ":_¦ ¦ .... -'!.;.•¦
-!!The partition theories that are afloat
are as wild as they are various in nature
What seems the probable distribution of
prizes is this : Russia will get Manchuria
which : it now aeeras to; hold - : pretty fast;
BISHOP S. C. PAB.TRZDGE.
Mayor to Appoint Committees.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday decided to recommend that the
Mayor be authorized to appoint a com
mittee to investigate the Home for the
Feeble-minded, for which the city has ap
portioned $15,000. A committee will also
inquire into the telephones now used by
the city with a view to doing away with a
sufficient number to reduce the cost to
$7000 yearly, as fixed by the budget.
At the Board of Trade, 202 Market street,
yesterday afternoon there was a meeting
of leauin^ merchants to cons.der what fur
ther stepa should be taken to complete
the work of establishing the Pacific Com
mercial Museum. The merchants were
called together by Irving M. Scott, chair
man of the executive committee, and E.
Goodwin, assistant secretary.
In announcing the object of the confer
ence Mr. Scott submitted a brief state
ment of the work already performed.- He
remarked that the executive committee
commenced active work on April 4 and had
held meetings each week. Seventeen of
the fifty-six chairmen of sub-committees
have performed active work in obtaining
members. The membership at' present
numbers 157. The sunf of $7920 is now in
bank. The amount represents paid initia
tion fees. The expense of the work to date
was $339. The executive committee has
been in communication with Dr. Wilson
of the Philadelphia Museum, and has kept
him Informed of the progress.
Mr. Scott further remarked that the
conference had been called to obtain the
judgment and advice of the merchants on
the subject of electing governors. He in
dicated that the.functions of the executive
committee were limited and that the gov
erning board should be created.
Isaac Upham said: "We ought to have
at least, two hundred members before we
organize. Some of the committees ap
pointed acted promptly and thoroughly,
while others did not. If wo could organ
ize a few more committees we could read
ily run up .the number to 200."
The list of eligible firms, embracing
many of the largest and best known busi
ness institutions in the city, was read by
the secretary. Volunteers were requested
to see merchants In certain branches of
commerce. Among the volunteers were:
Isaac Upham, Hugh Craig, R. P. Jen
nings, A. C. Bates, H. N. Cook, Irving
M. Scott, Sainuel Sussman, M. N. Bates,
E. A. Denicke, J. P. Currier and James
R. Kelly.
Additional members were enrolled&while
the merchants were deliberating. The
volunteers will appoint other sub-com
mittees.
The conference adjourned to meet next
Tuesday at 3:30 p. m. Expressions of the
interested merchants indicate that the
list of membership will be increased to
the required number before the next meet
ing:.
Irving M. Scott, Chairman of the
Executive Committee, Presents a
Brief Report Showing What
Has Been Accomplished.
Additional Efforts to Pro
mote the Pacific Com
mercial Museum.
MERCHANTS ARE
TO WORK WITH
RENEWED ZEAL
CHINESE SLEUTH
BEATS GUT THE
WHITE POLICE
Quong Hing Finds Jewel
Thieves Before Eis
Paler Rivals.
'
George Collins, #a Boy, Detained at
California-Street Station on Sus
picion of Having-Commit
ted Bold Crime.
The police of the California-street eta.
tion believe they have one of the boys
responsible for the daring daylight hold
up of the wife of a wealthy Chinese,mer
chant, Quong lllngr, which occurred on
Washington street two weeks ago and in
which over 1500 worth of Jewels were
stolen.
About midnight on Sunday night Police
man Hiram E. Hutching arrested a
young man named George Culfins on
Washington and Kearny ttrent* and
placed his name on the •letiaae book at
the station. The lad resided oa Union and
Mason streets. The police claim he haa a
bad record. They are still looking' for
two other boys implicated In •¦..-.-- ..---••.
About two ¦weeks ag'> isifx: boy» fol
lowed the Chinese woman aa she lefi her
home at 516 Washington *tre«t, ar.d when
she reached an alley they aeizeti her ana '
took a package contalnin? the Jewelry.
They escaped, and Policeman Robert
Silver took the woman before Captain
Seymour, where »he told her story. De
tectives took the case, but nothing of ar.y
importance was accomplished until the
woman's husband, who U a wealthy
manufacturer, played sleuth himself.
The Chinaman hired eight boys, paying
them J2 each to discover the thieves for
him. The.bo>-3 finaJly furnished him the
names of three other youngsters who they
claimed were the guilty parties. Querns
Hlng offered to pay the father of one of
the dovs 430 and agreed to let the case
drop if the valuables were returned, but
It was learned that thl» could not be ac
complished, as the jewelry had been sold.
It is said that while the stones could not
be purchased for $500 the boys disposed of
them for the very small sum of li 50. The
officers have located the selling place of
the stuff.
The arrest of young Collins followed and
the officers are now searching for the fwo
other boys. The woman who was robbed
will soon leave for China, ami her hus
band's motive in discovering: the criminals
was that she might take the stolen prop
erty with her.
POLITICS BACK
OF THE BOXERS
Has Been in the Heart of China for More Than
a Decade and Knows Problems of That
Country Like a Book,
Bishop S. C. Partridge Returns
From the Orient and Talks
¦ * ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦
THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL, W ED NESD AT, JUNE 20, 1900.
quet, the place for which has not been
selected. The. public reception will attract
one of the largest audiences ever assem
bled In San Francisco. There will be ad
dresses of welcome and congratulation by
clergymen and also by prominent mem
bers of the laity, to which Archbishop
Rlordan Is expected to respond. In St.
Mary's Cathedral, there will be the singing
of a Te Deum and also of a thanksgiving
service. These are the customary demon
strations of rejoicing upon the return of a
Bishop or Archbishop to his see. The
banquet may be attended only by the
clergy of the diocese, but this is not set
tled.
A meeting will be held next Friday
evening of the general reception commit
tee of five, whicS has been divided Into
sub-committees for convenience. The gen
eral committee Is as follows: John. H.'
Burnett (chairman). Judge Jeremiah F.
Sullivan, James R. Kelly, W. H. Nolan
and Garret W. McEnerny. There has
been only one similar demonstration in
San Francisco. That took place upon the
return of Archbishop AJemany from Rome
In June, 1870.
8
CENTURIES
COMPARED
The next paper of the Home Study Circle course on
"Comparative Studies of Two Centuries" will be published
in.THE CALL next Friday.
Among the contributors to this course are Frank A.
Vanderlip, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury; O. P. Aus-
tin, chief of the Bureau of Statistics; Albert S. Bolles, LL.
D., Haverford College; G. Stanley Hall, LL. D., president
of Clark University; Robert M. Tooker, M. D., Chicago;
Professor James F. Kemp, Columbia University; Oscar H.
Allis, M. D., Philadelphia, and Paul C. Freer, Ph. D., M. D^
University of Michigan.
The outline of topics is as follows:
1. Foreign Trade in 1800 and in 1900.
I Government in 1800 and in 1900.
3. Communication in 1800 and in 1900.
4. Transportation in 1800 and in 1900.
5. Manufactures in 1800 and in 1900.
6. Geography in 1800 and in 1900.
7. Geolojry in 1800 and in 1900,,
8. Navigation in 1800 and in 1900.
9. Education in 1800 and in 1900.
10. Surgery in 1800 and in 1900.
11. Medicine in 1800 and in 1980.
12. Chemistry in ISOQ and in 1900.
The Summer Term of the Home Study Circle will ex-
tend from June 15 to October 14, presenting six new
courses, as follows:
Mondays— -American Political Parties,
Tuesdays—The Discoverers and Explorers of North America.
Wednesdays-Famous Art Galleries; of the World.
Thursdays— Historic Studies in Home Furnishing.
Fridays— Comparative Studies of Two Centuries,
Saturdays-Literary Talks and Reminiscences,
11 -A. «J . PRAGER Sc SDKS JJ
Men's Colored Shirts.
Summer Ties.
y"2"2^ fHPfi C \hif*TC v*5tr<
j/NtWy 1 *\ !: 1 ;? match each shirt, have •r':\^'-'?t?j^5rvda'.
75c each.
Men's Ties. Rumchunda Ties. •
Tecks and Four -in- Hands, Those bi?, wiae India Siik
Hsht and dark colorings, si!k Ties in Persian pa;t:rns. They
and satin, stripes and figures, are worn with shirt waists by
over 500 to choose from. See ladies or In golf shirts by gen tle-
the windows. Plenty lor every- m:n. Exceedingly popular and
tody for 3 days at very stylish. Frr 3 days
15c Each- 40c Each.
ISEB WINDOW DISPLAYS^
Jgfc 557-659 Market SiSili> REDDING, June 19.— The Southern Pa
cific ; Company Is Introducing Japanese to
do section . work In Shasta County. Fif
teen Japanese, with an Interpreter, * ar
rived at Keawick yesterday. They. Bpeak
no Kngllsh. The laborers hereabout feel
quite indignant." t&gSSBIfgHa
Japanese as Section Hands.
PARIS, June 19.— Replying to-day to an
interpellation regarding the result of the
Inquiry Into the troubles In the Island of
Martinique the Minister for the Colonies,
M.Decrais, Fald the Investigation showed
that the * lieutenant ' who ordered the sol
diers to fire ' on the strikers acted hastily
and he would be" witlrflrawn from active
service. In addition the local police would
be betterrecrulted, the gendarmerie would
be reinforced -. and public , : functionaries
would be forbidden to intervene in elec
toral campaigns.
Fired Too Hastily on Strikers in the
Island of Martinique.
METTTEN'ANT TO BLAME.
TACOMA. Wash..* June 19.— The Pacific
Oil Works Company was Incorporate
yesterday with a capital of a quarter of a
million dollars, to bore for oil In a prulch
almost In the heart of the- city. Sample
oil from outcropplnsrs Indicates rich'de
posits. Work will be prosecuted without
Celay.
SANTA CRUZ. June 10.— Mrs. Janle A.
Chesnutwood. wife of Professor Chean-at
wood, was accidentally drowned near th©
Cliff drive early this morning. She left
home at about 5 o'clock and soon after
war3 her shawl, veil and shoes were
found on the cliff a hundred feet away
from where she is supposed to have fallen.
El?ht years ago Mrs. Chesnutwood had
an attack of the prip. which left her very
nervous. It is presumed that she -wan
dered to the cliffs while in a daz^d con
dition. The body was recovered at U
o'clock. Deceased was a native of New
York, aired 51 years. Professor Chesnut
wood has conducted a business coUege
here for many years and 13 well known
throughout the. State.
Will Bora for Oil.
Mrs. Chesnutwood Loses Her Lifo
Near Santa Cruz.
ACCIDENTAXLY DROWNED.
MILWAUKEE. June 19.— The third con
vention of the International Mining Con
gress opened here to-day _with several
hundred delegates in attendance.
Colorado hsads the list in exhibits, with
a collection of 2000 specimens.
Among the most notable arrivals are B.
F Montgomery of Cripple Creek. Colo.;
ex-Governor Bradford L. Prince of Santa
Fe. N. Mex., and ex-Governcr Swineford
of Alaska. Ex-Governor Prince responded
to one of the addresses of welcome and
President Montgomery then delivered hla
annual address. He gave a brief review
of the history of the congress up to the
present session, discussing in detail Its
objects and purposes, and recommending
a permanent organization to meet annu-
He reviewed at length the Importance
of the mining interests of the. country
and the advantages to be graJned by brinB
ing the East ana the "West In their mani
fold mining Interests together, as well
as cultivating- a more intimate acquaint
ance between the investor and the owners
of the property to be invested .in. and ar
guing strongly that mining was a legiti
mate business, entailing no more risk than
any other branch of business if treated
by Investors and those developing mines
upon the same principles upon which
banking-, merchandising 1 , manufacturing-,
agriculture, etc, - were conducted. The
current treatment of investors In mines,
ho- paid, has created a sentiment in the
public mind that mining .was more of a
gamble than' a legitimate business. Thla
he claimed was detrimental to the hlgn-
TJrges the Creation of a Department
of Mines, With a Cabinet
Officer at Its
President Montgomery Deliv
ers His Annual
Address. .
CONGRESS OF
MINERS OPENS
AT MILWAUKEE
Colonel Montgomery urged action to In
duce Confrress to pass the bill to create
a department off mines and mining ilka
that of the Department of Agriculture,
with a secretary, who should be a member
cf the President's Cabinet. The Introduc
tion of the bill now pending was the re
sult cf th» action of the International
Mining Congress at Salt Lake in 1WW. He
contended that the department should not
be made a mere bureau rn any other de
partment, as It was now in the Depart
ment of the Interior. b«*cau»e then, as
now. it -would be treated as a matter of
Inferior and not of paramount importance
to the country.
T*he speaker recommended action look-
Ing to the thorough revision of the Fed
eral mining laws to the end that minins
on the Government domain should be con
trolled exclusively by the laws of Con
gress and not left to the regulation of en
actments of statutes by the several
States, thus producing a uniformity of
method of location, felze of mining claim,
and annual assessment * work by which
a claim should be perpetuated until a
patent should issue. Such legislation, ho
said, should be based upon the Idea of In
ducing development of mineral wealth
upon the public domain.
He argued also in favor of th© abolition
by act of Congress of what Is generally
known as apex rights, or the right to fol.
low a vein or lead on It into the land of
an adjoining owner, and as a substitute
for th«> apex rights now existing an en
largement of the location, requiring that
each claim shall be circumscribed by the
surface lines of said claim drawn ver
ticallv downward.
est and best Interests of the Industry of
mining In general.
Mrs. Gladstone's Funeral.
LONDON, June 19. — Mrs. Gladstone,
widow of the great English, statesman,
was burled by the side of her husband
Jn Westminster Abbey this afternoon. The
service, which was Impressive, closely re
sembled that of her husband. A While: it
was attempted to keep the services ; as
private as possible some , hundreds • of
friends attended..; The- Queen * and , .Prince
of AVales were represented.. ¦> ' t
Discussion Raised on the Subject at
Turn;rbund Meeting.
PHILADELPHIA, June 19.— The 'feature
of to-day'a Besslon of the convention ot
the Northern Turnerbund was a speech
by A. Vahltelch of Chicago, formerly a
Socialist member of the German Reich
stag. Mr. Vahlteich applied to the con
vention to place itself on record as being
in active sympathy with the principles of
Social Democracy. . '
Philip Andres of Nebraska spoke
against the idea of bringing politics into
the association, and Carl Eberhardt of
Boston said he was a Socialist, but
thoupht It unwise for the Turners to enter
the field of politics. ¦
The discussion arose during the consid
eration of the platform as submitted in
the majority report.
POLITICS AN ISSUE.
Western Lines Form Local Pooling
Arrangement and Will Divide
Profits.
* CHICAGO, June 19.— Presidents of
Western railroads mot here to-day to
evolve some plan ,by which the rate de
moralization might be avoided and the
revenues of their respective roads in
creased thereby. The plan which It Is
believed will be accepted Is precisely a
system of local pools under which the
gross tonnage of the various roads will
be equitably apportioned. The plan wa.i
indorsed in a general way by the presi
dents at their recent meeting In New
York and was turned over to various
committees of different roads to be
framed up In detail.
The details have been considered by the
committees and the whole plan, which
aims to regulate the passenger and
freight business in Western Association
territory, was to-day laid before the
presidents. The plan provides for- the 'du
vision, of territory west of Chicago and
St. Louis into local districts. Chlcago-
St. Paul lines will form one district or
group, Chicago-Omaha lines another
group, and so on, in western passenger
and freight territory. At the head of
eachfjdfstrict will be a committee com.
posed of the traffic officials of each rail
road line in the district. At their head,
according to the plan, there will be a
Joint agent whose duty it will bo to see
that the committee works In harmony
with Itself. , .:. '-¦¦:. ¦
At present the plan Is not expected to
be adopted by trans-Missouri and trans
continental roads.
RAILROAD COMBINE
TO KEEP* UP RATES
known to them; examples of srenre. the
portrait, the story picture, still life; in
short, the whole realm of art in outline.
There are even, among the Germans es
pecially, a sort of decadent prettiness and
a love of labor for labor's sake which we
generally think of as vices of much later
periods. To take in the whole of thla
wonderful -time at a glance compare the
so-called Clmabue, a Madonna, austere,
rigid and ill drawn, or the more Interest
ing triptych by Duecio, which, however,
la as flat as a Japanese print, with the
"Paradise" of Fra Angelico, where all the
saints are real persons living In a world
of three dimensions, or with Jan Van
Eyck's portrait group of the quaintly
dressed Arnolfini, man and wife, in their
well-furnished chamber, with the land
scape reflected In the round mirror and
the taper still burning in the chandelier
suspended from the ceiling.
It is a mistake to ascribe the renais
sance of art wholly to the revival of clas
sicism. A great impetus was doubtless
given to the study of nature by classical
learning and attention was drawn to the
Note— This study, by Roger RIordan. art
editor of Art Amateur, will be concluded
on Wednesday next.
rect. but with another purpose In his
mind. The architectural lines, the frame
of the loom, the spars of the vessel, all
lead the eye into the distance and so meas
ure up the space as to make us conscious
of It. We can go on a voyage of discov
ery of our own within the bounds of his
picture. 'When we read of the painter
lying awake at night thinking of per
spective problems we may know that the
science was not to him as dry as we find
it to-day, but was simply a means by
which he could make space relations ap
parent and harmonious. From this time
forward and until the end of the Renais
sance linear perspective was what aerial
perspective of tones and values is to the
painting of to-day— the principal means of
expressing distance and suggesting Infin
ity. It Is one of the mo3t essential ele
ments In the compositions of Perugino
and Raphael.
The night session at the custom-house
Is likely to be a very interesting one. Be
tween sundown on the 13th and the dawn
of the Hth a change is to occur that. might
easily mean hundreds of thousands of dol
lars to merchants and shippers. There are
vessels' due that may show up and man
age to get their papers Into the custom
house before the hour of midnight, and
thereby save thousands of dollars, and.
on the other hand, there are vessels that
might carefully keep away when their
masters learned what was going on.
The business of the Hawaiian custom
house will be computed as a separate ac
count up to the last moment. As . soon:
as possible Collector Stackable will make
a report— the last one— to the Interior De
partment and turn over his cash. After
that he will be no longer a Hawaiian of
ficial, but a Federal officer.
The Hawaiians have met in convention
and- have formed' an Independent political
party. They figure that* by standing to
gether they can control both houses of the
Legislature, and in addition elect their
representative . to Congress. They have
HONOLULU. June 12.— The custom
house of Honolulu will remain open till
midnight on the night of June 13. All the
departments will be" ready to do business
on the old basis up to the last moment of
the existence of the republic of Hawaii,
and If any one has a paper on file that
will cost him more on the 14th than on the
13th he will be given every opportunity to
get It In in the best way. Collector Gen
eral Stackable stated to-day that he would
give the shipping men and merchants the
chance to get their entries In until the
clock begins to strike announcing the
birth of the American Territory of Ha
waii.
Hawaiians Meet in Convention, Form
an Independent Political Party
and Adopt a Plat
form.
Merchants Given Every Op
portunity to Close Up Busi
ness Under Old Laws.
PREPARATIONS IN
HONOLULU FOR
NEW REGIME
T>eath Due to Disappointment.
BERLIN, June 19.— It Is said that the
death of Herr John Langal, Burgomaster
of Oborammergau, who died yesterday as
the result of an operation, was hastened
by his disappointment over the exclusion
of himself and his daughter from- the
caste of toe passion play, which was due
to village Intrigue.
To Build New Ships.
BERLIN. June 14.— The Isorth German-
Lloydg Steamship Company have'commls-
Blonefl the Vulcan Shipbuilding Works at
Stettin to construct for their New York
line two of the largest steamships in the
world, each of 24,500 tons.
Officer of the Forty-Fifth Volunteer
Infantry Meets an Untimely
Death.
WASHINGTON. June 19.-Adjutant Gen
eral Corbin received a cable from Gen
eral MacArthur at Manila to-day, saying
that Captain Orison Lee, of the Forty
fifth Volunteer Infantry, was drowned off
the coast of Albay on the 10th instant.
Captain Lee, who was 4S years old, was
born at ShelbyvUle, Ind., and entered the
Fervlce April 18, 1898, as captain of the
Sixteenth Indiana Volunteers. He served
with that regiment at Matanzas, Cuba,
from January to March, 1^33. He wu
appointed captain of the Fortv-flfth Vol
unteer Infantry, August 17, 1S09. and ac
companied the regiment to the Philippines
in December.
CAPTAIN LEE DROWNED
OFF COAST OF ALBAY
Thirteen bridge carpenters were at work
on the bridge that crosses Rolling Fork
River. The passenger train' was in the
center of the first lOo-foot fpan when the
bridge gave way and precipitated almost
the entire train to the bed of the river.
The last coach containing twenty pas
sengers was left hanging over the abut
ment and was not seriously damaged un
til after Its occupants were taken out.
Center of a Bridge Span Gives. Way
and the Train Crashes Into
a Biver.
LEBANON, Ky., June 19.— Two men
were killed and five seriously injured in a
wreck this afternoon on the Greensburg
branch of the Louisville and Nashville
Railroad at Calvary, six miles from hero
The killed: *
GEORGE MULL.INS, bridge carpenter,
Mount Vernon.
J. II. HOUSTON, bridge carpenter. Pine
Hill.
TWO MEN KILLED IN
RAILROAD. WRECK
Official Notice Sent Out Directed
Against Ten Cities Where There
Is I*abor Trouble.
CHICAGO. June 19.— New life has been
Injected Into the lockout In Chicago by
the action of the National Building
Trades' Council to which the local body
is subordinate. The national body indi
cated that labor is more than ever de
termined to triumph by taking official no
tice of strikes and lockouts In ten dif
ferent cities where the membership of itn
affiliated unions is involved. The national
officers are endeavoring to give the unions
assistance by an organized effort to- pre
vent artisans who mipht be seeking new
fields in which to find employment from
poing to these cities. Under direction of
the national executive board Secretary H.
W. Stetnbiss has *ent the following of
ficial notice to every city In the country
where there is a building trades union:
Every one must keep away from Chicago un
til further notice, owing to a lockout of all
building tradesmen.
Carpenters and painters must keep away
from Kt. Louis and Eaet St. Louis
Plasterers must keep away from Kansas City.
Carpfnters and woodworkers must keep away
from Omaha.
Tinners must keep away from Memphis.
Carpenters and painters must keep away
from Duluth. -
Carpenters, tinners, painters and woodwork
ers muKt stay away from Dallas. Texas.
Tinners must keep away from Cleveland.
AH building tradesmen must keep away from
Savannah, Ga.
NATIONAL TRADES COUNCIL
TO ASSIST STRIKERS
• • The United States transport Sherman
arrived from San Francisco on the 9th
on her way to Manila. She will resume
her voyage to-day.
¦ The Board of Health has officially de>
dared a quarantine against She port of
San Francisco. All vessels from there,
both steamers? and sailing, will be treat
,ed In the usual way. Ab to passengers
from San Francisco no action has been
taken and it is possibles that none will
be. unless the disease appears among other
than Chinese. .
On the 8th inst. the members of the con
vention called ¦ on the ex-Queen, who re
ceived them kindly and addressed them
for about ten minutes. She spoke slowly
and deliberately, saying in part: "It Is
useless for us to abstain from taking our
future stand. Our future prosperity de
pends upon it. As soon as the United
States flag was hoisted over these islands
and our Hawaiian Hag was lowered by the
authority -of the American Government
it meant that it had come to stay. It is
my wish for your future welfare to stand
shoulder to shoulder and seek every
means that will conduce to the • benefits
of the whole nation. When the flag went
down it went down for good. We must
now do our duty as American citizens."
The resolution adopted by the conven
tion declaring for an Independent party
was as follows: "That the Hawaiians
should stand as an Independent or home
rule party." There was not a vote against
this. . ,
They should also itrlve to set aside an ap
propriation for damages by fire caused by the
burning of Chinatown and other places by the
Board of Health in connection ,wiih the sup
pression of the bubonic plague In 1900.
They Fhall further strive to encourage educa
tion, industrial pursuits, farming, road making,
railroads and both foreign and local commerce,
that will redound to the advantage of the coun-
We stand opposed to monopolies and to any
attempt at a restriction of the voting privileges
of natives or citizens who think as they do
that might be attempted later. We stand op
posed to the heavy taxation of the people, the
restriction of the> Jury rights of the natives
and to all other restriction of the rights of the
people.
We intend to strive In every way possible to
secure from the United States benefits and
privileges for the. natives and other citizens
alike, who will work together for the good of
the country, regardless of color. We also In
tend to strive toward the end that our Repre
eentatlves will formulate the best laws for the
people.'
Our legislators shall strive to obtain home
steads for the people out of the lands that have
teen taken over by the United States.
We further pledge ourselves, to support that
political party in the United States that will
work to make Hawaii a Etate.
We believe man was born with the rlcht to
te Independent and that every person Is equal
in the eye of the law. "We believe that he is
endowed with ailthe privilege* of life, liberty
and the right to choose that which will con
tribute to his best advantage. We believe la
protection against oppretsion. We believe that
we should strive to 'secure equal rights for the
people, by the (people and of the people.
Equal rights for the people Is the motto
adopted in the platform. The belief of the
independent party is that the successful
candidates in the Legislature of the Ter
ritory of Hawaii should strive in every
way to secure the consent of the Congress
of the United States to make a State of
the Territory of Hawaii and pledge them
selves to support all good and equal pro
visions that either the Republican or
Democratic parties of the United States
may see fit to enact. The platform con
tinues:
"We believe that all government* founded on
an Independent basis should be assured of free
dom without oppression. We believe in equal
rights and freedom for all people.
adopted a platform which looks very
much as thougrh they were drawing a color
line. The Hawaiians claim they have not.
The following is a translation of the plat
form adopted by the party:
PLEASANTON. June 19.— The Fourth
of July will b* fittingly celebrated
in Pleasanton-.-a town deserving of
its name. Funds have been sub
scribed by its citizens and a grand
time guaranteed to all.
Wbile the patriotic fathers of the revo
lution were against monarchy, still Pleas
anton will have a queen. She will, how
ever, reign but for the day. The com
mittee have settled upon Miss Florence
Lyster.
Bpedal Dlspatsh to The Call.
BLOOMTNGTON. 111.. June 19.— Half of
the business eection of Bloomington. in
cluding five squares of the finest busi
ness blocks of the city and the Court
house, erected at a cost of $400,000, were
destroyed this morning. The loss Is va
riously estimated at from one and a half
to two million dollars. One death also re
sulted from the fire. Robert Schmitt, a
!?-j\ear-o!d boy. died from the shock oc
casioned by the no!se'of the explosion of
dynamite which was used by the firemen
in blowing up buildings to stay the prog
ress cf the flames. The fire department
was badly handicapped by an almost to
tal failure of the water eupply, and it
was not until late this morning and after
many buildings had been blown up with
dynamite that the flam«s were finally, got
und«-r control. « .».¦-"."
The list of buildings destroyed and bus!.
ness firms burned out with heaviest losses
follows:
The courthouse, erected twenty-five years apo
at a cost r,t MOO.fiOO; Mineral building, Wln-iror
Hotel, loss 150.000; GreUhelm'* office building.
Kasie efflfe building; George Brand & Co.,
furniture; Vimunt ic Kotn. dry roods; Cooper &
JacJonan. gl&cvware; Pix'ey & Co.. clothing;
II Thomi'-on & Sona, furniture: Model Laun
dry; U. b. Green Co.; X. T. Miller & Son.
hardware: Parritt's Jewelry store; Cole Bros.'
building, occur led &e dry goods store; Fahey'B
fcaioon; Corn lielt Bank; Reed Bro«., hardware;
X. i ... htts an<l c»?s: M. Sans. No Name
str.re; Nlehaus' restaurant; HelWjf's music
rtore; McLean County Coal Company: Guthrie's
ci«ar etore: Phoenix Hotel; Carver's dru* #tore;
Cob'.entsc'B drue store; U. C. Riser, wallpaper;
C. W. Klerom. dry iro»3s. loss tl 00,000: Stei>h«i
Fir.fth fnn«, dry Roods, los* 175,000; J. H. Riggs.
<iry roods, loss £30.000; Bolles' tailor shop;
Fchneider Shoe Store Company; 6en§eney's
coal office; Wilcox't dry rood* establishment.
loss »75.0oP; llefcaffy's livery etable; Green,
Jewelry and drus*: Gowdy'a Boston Store;
Kbert * Ooode, notions; Klelnaus' confection
err: EnarnlienrCT'B furniture store.
The fire started In the Model laundry
on Monroe street. In th« block northeast
of the Courthouse. A *tron«r wind was
blowing- at the time and before the fire
department arrived the fire had spread
DESTRUCTIVE
FIRE VISITS
BLOOMINGTON
Half of the Business Section
of the City Is
Burned.
«
Courthouse a Macs of Buins and th.e
Postoffice Building Saved
Only by Hard
Work-
Plea&anton has heretofore assisted her
sister cities In their celebrations, but this
year all of Alameda County intends to
turn out at Pleasanton. There will be a
parade and races of all kinds and a ball
in the evening. The Yuba Power and
"Water Company will furnish an electrical
display, which will be followed by 'fire
works and a grand ball.
The afternoon's entertainment will con
sist of bicycle races and sports of all
kinds. Special rates will be made on the
railroads and special trains run.
The burned district includes the north
east sides of the Courthouse Square, the
two other blockj cornering on the square
and half a block of buildings west of the
square. '•
to the four-story brick building occupied
by B. S. Green & Co., and thence stead
ily eastward. In an hour the entire block,
except the Postofflce building, which was
eaved by hard work, was In ruins. In
this block was the old Durley Theater,
which was being remodeled. The lire
¦worked eastward across to Greisheim's
seven-story building at the corner of Main
and Jefferson streets, and soon that en
tire block was also in flames. From there
the fire spread to the Courthousa and
thence to the adjacent blocks. In the
meantime aid had been summoned from
Peoria and Springfield, and with the as
sistance of fire apparatus from those clt»
les the fire was gradually brought under
control to the west. To the east It was
necessary to use dynamite to destroy sev
eral buildings in the path of the names
before the tire was stopped in that direc
tion.
i
MISS FLORENCE LYSTER. "WHO "WILL £e QUEEN FOR A DAY AT
PLEASANTON?
There are few great masterpieces, but,
on the other hand, there are many good
examples of the historical schools of paint
ing, in the London National Gallery. A
visit to it is a good preparation — or the
best possible substitute— for a tour of the
great Continental galleries. For this rea
son., and because the present paper Is to
be the first of a series on the famous art
galleries of the world, I will follow the
historical method; but instead of aiming
(as is customary) to distinguish the va
rious national and local schools I will try
bo to arrange what I have to say as to
elucidate the general movement In which
the career of each of these schools was
but an Incident. To do this It will be
necessary to mention paintings which are
technically Inferior but | historically im
portant, and to pass over in silence many
clever imitative work*. But, as I have
said, the collection Is cne that leads itself
to thla treatment, and it will apear. I
think, In the end that the epoch making
work, though crude and faulty, offers
more of genuine Interest than the accom
plished but unprogresslve work of a more
advanced period.
The National Gallery is rich in exam
ples of the Italian, Flemish and German
primitives, and we should not be deterred
by their Incomplete technique from giving
them the attention which is their due.
Even as regards technique they show
wonderful development in special direc
tions, and their importance as the first
fruits of modern art need not be insisted
upon. Their painters were the first, after
a long period of formality, to return to
nature, but. it should be added, the best
of them did so with a purpose In view
which binds them closely to the preceding
Byzantine school and which long remained
the dominant purpose in painting. These
were the religious, symbolical painters of
the middle ages, of whom there are many
examples In the collection.
A symbol to be more effective than
¦words written on a scroll must have nat
ural significance; to be effective at all we
must not have grown tired of It owing to
constant repetition. But the Byzantine
symbolism was largely of the nature of
written signs to which arbitrary mean-
Ings had been attached, and the world
had begun to be indifferent to It as a
whole. Gradually the . painters of the
middle ages abandoned the more mean
ingless of these signs and put new sig
nificance into the stiff figures, themselves
little more than pictographs. They gave
movement to the limbs, animation to the
features, variety to the grouping. In the
search for new and more effective means
of expression they made a new conquest
of the natural world, and this was in It
self a source of pleasure, to express which
became a new motive for art. Hence we
have In the works of the primitives In
genuous worldllness along with religious
exaltation, scrupulous rendering of fact
together with every artifice of suggestion
beauty of those -works of antiquity -which
were within reach, but the painter's mo
tive — to express the actual feelings and in
terests of the time, worldly or religious,
In such way as his art permitted— re
mained the same. The painters of the
early renaissance preserve all th« more
charming qualities of the middle ages,
their simplicity', freshness, candor. The
new knowledge of grace did not over
shadow the old Intention. The period Is.
therefore, one of the most interesting in
art. It is well represented In the National
Gallery, particularly on the Italian side.
Vlttore Pisano Is better known as a
medalist than aa a painter, but two of his
rare paintings are here. "St. Anthony
and St. George," with the Virgin appear
ing in a mass, of bright cloud3 over th©
pine wood in the distance, and "The Vis
ion of St. Eustace," illustrating the well
known medieval legend of th« hunter who
was surprised in a forest iy the vision ot
a stag bearing a crucifix between hla
horns, are both good and characteristic
examples. Uccello's "Battle of St. Egidio 1 '
Is noteworthy for the painter's bold at
tempt at foreshortening and for his dec
orative use of values. The gallery con
tains man genuine works of Carlo Crivelll.
one of the most Important of the early
Venetians; this great Gothic altarpiece In
which thirteen distinct pictures are set
la one of the gema of the collection. "Th©
Nativity" of Plero della Francesco, In
which, the stable is represented by a
small penthouse and angels like a band of
strolling musicians strum their guitars to
amuse the Child laid upon the ground at
some distance from bis kneeling mother,
was probably suggested by a scene in a
miracle play. Domenico Venezlano's "Vir
gin enthroned," a fresco transferred to
canvas, indicates a return to the Byzan
tine type, but though badly damaged it is
still impressive. There is unfortunately
no example of Albert Durer and only one
or two mediocre heads by Lucas Cranach.
Readers of George Eliot's "Roraola" will
remember the eccentric painter. Piero dl
Cosimo. His "Death of Procris" is a fine
example of the classical story picture.
The wounded huntress lies at full length
en a slight elevation near the sea, her
dog. Laelaps. at her feet and a pitying
satyr, kneeling at her head. A more Im
portant paintinpr of the kind is Plnturrlc
chio's fresco. 'The Return of Ulysses."
Penelope Is at her loom with one of her
handmaidens near her: Ulysses enters,
smartly dressed as an Italian navigator of
the period; the suitors draw aside and ap
pear to be taking counsel with one an
other: through the open window Ulysses'
ships are seen, safe In port, with sails
furled, and near by is Circe's island, with
her metamorphosed victims prowling
about in th« shrubbery- It Is evident that
the painter would not- understand the fuas
which our art editors and such folk make
about Illustrations that do not follow the
text. He went to Homer for material for
a picture which might convey the sound
moral lesson that there is no place Ilk*
home; he selected his material here and
there in the "Odyssey" and combined It
to suit himself. In the like spirit he has
taken great pains with his perspective,
not for the sake of being scientifically cor-
Three escaped prisoners (British) are be
lieved to have tampered with Malana
A German-American, well known to the
New York police, is alleged to have
X'lanned a desperate attempt to steal some
of thf bar gold from the trucKs attached
to President Kruger's traveling capital.
He is enid to have carried oJC some bars
before he was discovered.
The Lourenzo Marques correspondent of
the Times says:
The Bloemfontein correspordent of the
Dally Mall, telegraphing June 16, says
that Lord Roberts is getting huts for 30,
000 men and is arranging retransport for
a part cf his army, although his plans are
not to take effect Immediately.
The Lourer.ro Marque* correspondent of
the Daily Express says:
Mr. Steyn is at Bethlehem, the tem
porary capital of the Free State. Ac
cording- to dispatches from Lourenso
Marques dated yesterday the Malana
bridge has been destroyed. One account
says It was blown up. Another asserts
that it was undermined by a patrol from
Swaziland, and so collapsed under the
weight of a train. This will temporarily
interrupt the flow of supplies to the
Roers from Lourenzo Marques.
Another list shows nine wounded and
eleven missing in an action at Vredefort
on June 7. no previous mention of which
hid be v n made.
The Dally Mall points out that it Is Quite
possible the wires have again been cut In
l^rd Roberts' rear, as no dispatches later
than June 16 have been received.
The lioers axe gathering !n force in spite
of Gec**ral Rundle r.ear Ficksfcurg. His
forces stretch forty miles. As some part*
of the line are weakly held the British
fear that the Boers may break through.
Outpost skirmishes are of daily occur
rence. The Boers there are commanded
by De Vllliers and Hermann.
LONDON. June 20.— The casualties In
Africa made public by the War Office.
including a long list of missing, show
British losses in engagements hitherto
not reported. In an attack on a recon
struction train at Leeuw Spruit on June 14
three were killed, five wounded and elxty
captured. Leeuw Spruit is 43 miles north
cf Kroonstad. This w^s the day of the
Sand River attack, eighty miles distant.
VOLKSRUST. Transvaal, June 19.— The
town guard of "vTakkerstroom has surren
dered to the British and a number of
Mausers with several rifles of American
manufacture have been handed in. Gen
eral Hildyard has returned here.
Town Guard Surrenders.
LONDON. June 19.— Colonel Wilcox re
ports to the Colonial Office that Captain
Willson of the Royal Irish Fusiliers and
seven natives were killed and ten wound
ed in Captain Hall'e attempt to relieve
Colonel Carter. There is no news from
Kumassi.
Officer of Fusiliers Killed.
LONDON', June 19, 2:20 p. m.— No im
portant developments mark the progress
of the British in the Transvaal. Lord
Roberts reports that over 2%0 stands of
arms have been given up at Pretoria since
the occupation of the capital. These will
be utilized by the released British pris
oners, of whom there are 148 officers and
3o.j men.
General Buller reports that the first
train through passed Lainga Nek Monday,
June IS, and proceeded to Charlestown.
The first batch of Mafeking's pick and
wounded arrived at the hospital at liel
fontein. June 15.
Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary of State
for the Colonies, addressing a meeting of
the "Women's Liberal Unionist Club this
afternoon, said the Colonies^ had seen
tnrough the haze of the South African
antebWlum negotiation when Sir Henry
Campbell-Bannerman, the Liberal leader
In the Houso of Commons, and others
were mystified. Now that the war was
concluding, he added, all were unanimous
that whatever the settlement might be.
It must be i.nal and should not leave be
hind it the seeds of further mischief and
make a repetition of the present trouble
possible.
The opposition wanted to know when a
general election would occur. He Y as
unable to rratify their natural curiosity,
but whether the election took place to
morrow or was postponed Indefinitely. It
would be cne of tho most momentous pre
sented to the people of the Vnitea King
dom during a century, involving the fu
ture of South Africa and the future of the
empire.
BOBERTS CAPTTJBES ARMS.
bridge. A freight train pitched Into the
stream and two men were killed.
The very latest from China Is that since
the arrival of the foreign marines every
thing has resumed its wonted quiet, arid
the universal question among: the foreign
ers is that of how many more of the same
sort of farces there will have to be before
the fall of the present regime, which has
once more shown Its weakness.
In Japanese' politics the situation re
mains unchanged, with the rumors as to
approaching changes rather more rife
than usual, the general impression being
that Marquis I to v.-ill Boon be at the head
of a new Cabinet, with a strong party
backing.
In the meantime the Japanese press Is
loud in its condemnation of the judicial
barbarism which tolerates the methods
or principle of torture- for the ends of Jus
tice. It Is quite certain that the final re
sult of the incident, if not of a political
character or conducive to a change In the
Korean status, will redound to the cause
of civilization, as in any event it will lead
to some solid guarantee against the repe
tition of the shocking crimes which havo
been committed in the name of justice.
While one war cloud ends It would seem
to be in the very nicic of time, as appear
ances In China indicate that the strong
hand of England must soon fall there, or
things will rapidly Hall into chaos, f he
Impression prevails that either the parti
tion of the vast empire or some arrange
ment for its Joint control by the p.-eis
is close at hana. The Japanese ntebo Is
almost a unit in the expression of the be
lief that the time has come to put an end
to the present farce in Peking and to
overthrow the feeble and corrupt Govern
ment there. Although the outbreak of
the Boxers has not proved so destructive
as at rirst reported, yet their proceedings
were nlgta-handed enougn to prove tnat
either tne tiovernment was in collusion
with them or too weak to efficiently op
pose them. The only couree to be pur
sued was, therefore, the landing of the
foreign marines. The Americans were on
the spot iirst, and it was over the discus
sion of their proposed march to Peicing
that a serious collision took place be
tween the Tsung Li Yamen ana the for
eign Ministers, the former, in the Chinese
fashion, interposing frivolous pretexts for
delay and the latter urgent in their
threats of forcing a way tnrough. Need
less to say, the latter prevailed, adding
another illustration, if it were needed, of
the utter nerveiessness of the Chinese au
thorities. The iact that the Americans
are taking the lead in this new kind of
"open door" "policy is exciting general
comment, every one contrasting the attl
tuue of America toward the Orient two
years ago with the prominent position she
occupies now in everything which con
cerns Kastern politics.
The situation in Korea has In Interest
hardly given place to that in China during
the past week. The Japanese have nat
urally been greatly agitated over it not
only because every sign of the weakness
or blunders of the Korean Government is
eagerlywatched by them but also because
of the horrible tortures inflicted upon two
men who were in a sense the special
wards of this country. The two brothers.
An and Kwong, had fled to Japan on sus
picion of having been implicated In the
murder of the Queen in 1895. The first
named had returned and had been sen
tenced to banishment for three years.
Against the advice of his Japanese
fnt-nds Kwong also lately returned, and
in 6pite of promises made to the Govern
ment here he was seized and put to hor
rible tortures. The so-called confession
thus wrung from him furnished a pretext
for the rearrest of his brother, and both
were then subjected to torture of the most
barbarous nature, resulting In their death.
The Japanese Government has demanded
not only an investigation but the speedy
punishment of all concerned, it being well
known that the "all" would not be cov
ered by the usual "scapegoats" furnished
in such cases. The implications made are
fo vital and serious that Mr. Hayashi. the
Japanese Minister at Seoul, is refused ad
mission to an audience with the Emperor.
It really looks as tf, unless some adjust
ment is speedily made, the long looked for
opportunity for Japan to interfere in the
control of Korean affairs is at hand.
YOKOHAMA, June 2.— On the announce
ment yesterday of the fall of Pretoria
Yokohama's streets were suddenly tilled
with English and American- flags in token
of tne common rejoicing over the end of
the South African war. The pro-English
feeling on the part of the Americans here
has been strongly marked from the begin
ning, and in fact the same is the case ail
through the Orient, where the Americans,
who constitute a VpXf intelligent class,
thoroughly appreciate what it means for
a land to be under -British control. It is
also a significant fact that the Japanese
sympathy for Kngland has been as strong
as it has been unanimous.
Correspondence of Associated Press.
General Feeling Is That It Is About
Time for Great Britain to
Stop the Faroe at
Peking.
Englislrand American Resi
dents Celebrate Fall
of Pretoria.
SOUTH AFRICAN
NEWS CAUSES
JOY IN JAPAN
THE NATIONAL GALLERY, LONDON.
Copyright, 1900, b y Seymour Eaton.
pamous art Galleries op the world,
BOERS GATHERING
NEAR FICKSBURG
British Forces Are Very Extended.
Fears Being Expressed Enemy
May Break Through.
THE SAX FKAKCrSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20, 1900.
Miss Florence Luster, a Popular and Ac-
I conipllshed Young Ladu, Chosen
fill D DTI
PLEAS ANTON PREPARES TO
CELEBRATE THE FOURTH
NATIONAL, GALLERY, LONDON, FROM TRAFALGAR SQUARE.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
THE CALL'S
Home Study Circle.
6EYMOUR EATON,
Director-
SUMMER COURSES,
...I9OOJ..
Beginning Friday, June 15.
I. American Political Partias.
II. The Discoverers and Explorers of
North America.
III. Famous Art Galleries of the
world. . .
IV. Historic Studies in Home Fur-
nishing.
V. Comparative Studies of Two Cen-
tiirlss.
VI. Literary Talks and Remlnis-
Most bad complexions are caused by
s&me disturbance of the stomach, and
coftce is the greatest disturber of diges-
tion known. Almost any woman can
have a fair complexion if she will leave
off coffee and use Po«tum Food Coffee
and nutritious, healthy food in proper
quantity. The food coffee furnishes cer-
tain parts of the natural grains from, the
field that nature uses to rebuild the ner-
vous system, and wheji that is in good
condition one can depend upon a good
complexion, as well as a general
healthy condition of the body.
"Coffee caused dark colored blotches
on my face and body. I had been drink-
ing it for a long while and these blotches
gradually app^rcd, until finally they be-
came permanent and were about as dark
Si cofTce itself.
"I formerly had as fine a complexion
as one could ask for. :- -,
'.'When I became convinced that cof-
fee was the cause of my trouble I
chanped and took to using Postum Ce-
real Food Coffee, and as I made it well,
according to directions, I liked it very
much. i.nd have since that time used it
entirely in place of'corTee.
"I am thankful to say I am not ner-
vous any more, as I was when I was
drinking coffee, and my complexion is
now as fair and good as it was years
ago. It is very plain that the coffee
caused the trouble. Please omit my
name from public print." Mrs. >
20S1 O^den ave.. Chicago, III. The
name of this lady can be given by the
Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle Creek,
Mich.
From Coffee.
COFFEE COMPLEXION.
T'Tffpy Indies Have Poor Complexions
POSTTJM CEBEAIi.The Republican State Executive Com
mittee yesterday arranged many of the
details for the ratification meeting to
morrow evening. ,The . Pavilion was en
gaged /In order to afford space for the
multitude of c.iizens that will assemble,
united States Senator George C. Per
kins . will preside. Many well-known Re
publicans have been invited to serve- as
vice presidents. Among the speakers list
ed, are: Julius Kahn, E. F. Preston. S.
M. Shortrldge, H. C. Dibble. Frank Mc-
• Ratification Meeting.
There is talk-that Sacramento will not
make an effort o secure the convention;
the pavilion cannot be made ready for
the State • Fair if used on August 21 by
the delegates. It is expected t-iat Santa
Cruz and San Jose will each put up a
strong contest for, convention honors.
THE executive committee will rec
ofaimend to- the general State Cen
tral Committee, to meet on the 21at
lnst., that the State convention to
nominate Presidential electors be held
on Tuesday, the 28th of August, and that
the apportionment for delegates be: One
delegate for every two hundred votes of
the average vote -cast for Republican
State candidates in 1S98, and one for a
remainder of one hundred votes or over.
This would make the membership of the
State convention 6S2. and the delegates
from San Francisco 130.
The Delegates Will Assemble on
August 21 to Nominate Presi
dential Electors.
STATE CONVENTION
OF REPUBLICANS
Proposed Ratification Meeting at the Pavilion.
Headquarters of the Republican County
Committee Opened in the Bald
.-.- win Anriex.
Gowan, E. Myron "Wolf, of San Fran*
Cisco; Judge J. VT. McKlnley of Los
Angeles and George C. Ross of San
Mateo.
The Union League Club. Bear Club,
Continental League, Phoenix" Club, Fre
mont Club and Oakland Alliance will par
ticipate in the first grand demonstration
of the campaign in the metropolis. The
speeches will be short and spirited. The
programme of exercises will, embrace
music by the band and songs by cam
paign singers.
County Committee Headquarters.
The Republican County Committee Has
established campaign headquarters at 336
Market street— Baldwin Annex. The
rooms, consisting of the front suite, will
be open daily until election day, next
November.
Alfred Bouvlcr (chairman) and James
A. Wilson (secretary) have received re
ports which Indicate that there will be a
large enrollment of members in the dis
trict clubs. Assurance Is given that Re
publicans of the best class— the property
owners; taxpayers and worklngmen— will
join the clubs and will make It their busi
ness to see that the saloon parasites and
loafers shall not be permitted to run. the
district organizations.
In due time public notice will be given
by the County Committee of the time and
place of enrollment in each district
The County Committee will participate
In the great Republican ratification meet-
Ing at the Pavilion to-morrow night.
l(i A- Defaulting Collector.
Augustine Humphrey, ' collecor -for. the
Building and News Review, was convicted
by Judge '; Fritz yesterday on ; the charge
or - misdemeanor embezzlement.*- ¦ He . was
sentenced to pay a ..flne of $180. with the
alternative of ISO days in the County Jail;
He was accused; of embezzling* $49 .which
he had collected. The complaining wit
ness-against him was, George H. Wolfe,
proprietor of the paper
The board of directors of the Labor
Temple at a meeting held last night, re
ported progress on the "subscription of
stock. There. is at present J25.000 secureJ
as a nucleus, for the purchase of the lot
and the. commencement of the building-.
The directors appointed a finance commit
tee consisting of three of its members. J.
E. McDougall, W.«. H. Hutchinson and J.
B. Boyingrton. and also. placed the presi
dent and secretary ; under C00O bonds for
the faithful ¦ j>erformance of their duties.
Labor Temple Progress.
Mrs Norah Nickells. 422 Oak street.
swore to a complaint in; Judge Fritz's
court -yesterday for the arrest of her sis
ter Mrs. Annie Crosby, on the charge of
felony embezzlement. Mrs. Crosby la em
ploved- at S Mason street. Mrs. Islckells
Pieces that she sold out the insurance on
her ' life with a company in Melbourne.
Australia, and ordered that in the event
of her death her : Ulster, Mrs. Crosby,
should get. the money. She was very sick
at the : time.\ but recovered. A draft for
nfts'-six ; pounds- four 'shillings and. one
penny was ; received by Mrs. • Crosby. . but
she refuses to hand it over to her sister,
hence the -warrant. Mrs.': Nickells came
into i prominence over a year ago by hav-'
Ing her husband, a horse trainer, arrested
for J threats to . kill « and later ¦ by bringing
charges of crooked work at the racetrack
against - him and others.' She was ?¦ then
part : owner: of some , horses. She eloped
with? NlcVrells from Melbourne, taking
considerable •; money l with i her. , and when
Accuses Her Sister.
Frank P. Noble, an insurance solicitor,
was arrested last' night- on warrants
sworn to by E.R. Smith charging him
with misdemeanor and felony embezzle
ment. Noble says he -.was "employed by
the New York Life ; Insurance Company,
of which Smith is agent, and that he
Pocketed a commission which was right-
Charged jWith Embezzlement.
Captain Peter C. Deming, commissary
of subsistence, who was dismissed from
the army for embezzling' Government
funds, was taken to Fort Leavenworth
Kansas, yesterday : to serve out his three
years' sentence. He was sentenced to be
dismissed and to. three years; at. hard la
bor last March -bj»; the -court-martial be
fore which he pleaded guilty, and the sen
tence has just been approved and made
public from Washington;-., with the order
to take the prisoner to Fort Leavenworth.
Deming Sent to Prison.
The funeral of Contractor David T
Pierce, held yesterday from the Mission
Masonic Temple, *as attended by a large
number of friends and relatives. There
was a sad feature attending the fieath of
Mr. Pierce He had Just finished bulldinj
the Seventeenth-street police station, at
Folsom street, when he was taken ill with
malarial faver. which he contracted from
the, foul effluvia, rising from the undrained
R1 £ Un . d hlcl l surrounds the lot upon
which the building stands. He re
ceived the last payment on the building
two. days before death summoned him t3
nls end. His remains were conveyed
to Holllster for interment.
Contractor Pierce's Funeral.
Members of St. Peter's Parish JWill
Give a Picnic at Los Gatos
v To-Morrow.
Final arrangements for St. Peter's par
ish picnic, which takes place to-morrow
at Los Gatos, have been completed and
no pains have been spared to make the
affair the record-breaker of the season.
The excursion will leave Third and Town
send streets at 9:15 a.m. and the train
will make stops at Twenty-second • and
Harrison and Twenty-fifth and Valencia
strets to accommodate Mission guests.
Father Yorke has received communica
tions from nearly every parish' in the city
promising the attendance of many repre
sentatives, which fact strengthens the an
ticipations of the committee in charge and
assures a great gathering not only of St.
Peter parishioners but of the many friends
of the popular pastor.
EXPECT TO HAVE A LARGE
AND HAPPY GATHERING
"Washington Council No. 4. T. M. I., will
have its annual outing and family re
union at Camp Taylor , to-morrow. There
will be a well arranged programme of
dances and many gate prizes will be dis
tributed. The following named will have
charge of the affair: D. J. O'Hearn p
R. Walsh. Victor Paris. J. M Freita' M-
R Carr, D: J. Hennessey and F. b! Kane :
Victor Paris, floor manager; Thomas
Walsh, assistant floor manager: William
Cooper, James P. Britt. Henry Callasha™
George Sullivan and William Connolly
reception committee; John J. Duddy Dr
C. A. Glover. John McFadden P Min
nehan Phillip McMannus. Thomas Sen
rey. John Callaghan. Frank Ridney, w
Gibney and D. J. Barry
Washington Council's Outing.
Angelina M. Abbott, Causes a Sur
prise When Called for Ar
raignment. ,
The unusual nction of an attorney for a
defendant insisting upon- a warrant. being
sworn to against the Interests of his cli
ent was witnessed in Judge. Mogan's court
yesterday when the case ' of Angelina :M.
Abbott, the young girl accused of shooting
De Witt Clinton, the actor,' was called. -
There has been no disposition shown by
Clinton to prosecute 'the case, and his
friends were equally > backward In* doing
anything to place the girl on trial; so when
the case was called ¦" yesterday it ' was
looked upon as a foregone conclusion that
as no complaint had been, filed a. motion
for dismissal would be asked and granted.
"Has a complaint been filed?" asked At
torney Lowenthal when the case, was
called. -¦•¦ . • . ¦'-.' - ' •
The Judge replied ln\ the negative. .
., Well, I insist upon' a complaint' being
filerl." said the attorney.
The Judge was surprised and mildly re
marked. "Do you insist?" .
promptly replied. "I Insist."
, The : Judge instructed. Policeman Wlnz
ler, the arresting officer, to swear to the
complaii\t; and ¦ after . it . was filed the girl
was arraigned on . the charge of assault
to murder. A continuance -, was granted
until June 25. A certificate was handed to
the Judge .that Clinton Was unable to ap
pear In court. -:--'¦:
ASKED, THAT A COMPLAINT
BE FILED AGAINST HER
Fourth of July Committee Holds
Meeting and Transacts Some
Important Business.
The Fourth of. July committee met last
night at the California Hotel. Reports of
committees were read and discussed) 1 most
of the time being consumed over the fire
works question. ,
: The ' Grand Opera-house - could not be
obtained for the literary exercises in the
afternoon, so Metropolitan Temple will be
Charles Sweigert, a young politician and
law student, has been selected as
orator of • the - day. Sweigert came into
prominence during the last political cam
paign as a speaker of marked ability.
General: Warfield. the marshal, an
nounces the following named as part of
.his staff: Colonel William Edwards chief
of = staff; : Major. J. A. Margo. chief aid;
Major A. A. Hanks and Captain S. L.
Naphtaly',* special aids. <
On the procession $1000 will be expended,
and for printing $150. .
CHARLES SWEIGERT WILL
BE ORATOR OF THE DAY
her husband dierfr she and Nickells were
married, but their life was not a happy
one. vv "
In answering the second question the
Attorney General says that a political
party which polls the requisite number of
votes at the election prior to the coming
primary but fails to poll 3 per cent of the
votes cast In any Railroad Commissioner,
Congressional, Board 'of Equalization.
Senatorial or Assembly District is entitled
to a place and designation upon the offi
cial primary ballot Section 1370 of the
Political Code provides that the same del
egates comprising the State convention
shall be the delegates to the respective
conventions to nominate candidates for
Railroad Commissioners and members of
the State Board of Equalization, and that,
unless It Is otherwise stated, district can
didates for Congress. State Senators and
Assemblymen shall be nominated by the
delegates to the State convention who are
from and reside within such respective
districts. Unless the foregoing construc
tion is given to this section these pro
visions would be meaningless.
In answer to the third question, the At
torney General cites the case of Ilutch
lnson vs. Brown (122 California, page 189),
wherein the Supreme Court of this State
holds that there is nothing unlawful in
fusion: that the statute does not forbid
it or attempt to do so, and it is for the
conventions of different party organiza
tions to decide for themselves whether
their principal objects are so far common
and paramount over minor issues as to
justify Ihem in uniting upon a list of
nominees drawn from. - all parties so
agreeing; and further, that several con
ventions holding separate sessions do not
lose their identity by selecting the same
set of nominees. A somewhat similar
state of facts arose in Minnesota, in the
case of Hlgftlns vs. Berg("6 N. W. TSS).
The Supreme Court of Minnesota held
that where there is "no statutory rule for
ascertaining the approximate vote polled
by the respective parties where there was
fusion, the officer charged with the duty
of printing and arranging the official bal
lot may resort to any means to ascer
tain approximately the vote polled by
each party which he deems to be fah
and practicable, and unless he acts In
the premises fraudulently or unfairly or
clearly on an improper and prejudlcal ba
bIb, his decision will not be disturbed by
the courts. In that case the court uses
this language: "For example, he may
apportion the combined vote between
them on the basis of the average vote
polled by each at the general election
next before the nomination by them of a
duplicate ticket." Basing his opinion
upon this case, the Attorney General ad
vises that ¦ the procedure outlined by the
Minnesota court be followed.;
section 11S8 of the Political Code provides
that in order to create a new political
party its candidates must poll "an aver
age of 3 per cent of the entire vote at the
election at which they are voted for."
"If this election be the last election
prior to any ensuing primary election,"
the opinion continues, "there would then
be one test applied to parties already in
existence and another and severer test
applied to parties of subsequent birth.
That Is to say, the candidates of the party
already In existence, in order to secure a
place and designation upon the official
primary ballot must have polled 3 per
cent of the entire vote of the State at the
last preceding election, whereas the newly
born party. In order to secure a place and
designation upon the same ballot, must
show that its candidates polled 'an aver
age of 3 per cent of the entire vote of the
State at the last preceding election. Un
less the phrases quoted are to be given
the same construction the law would bo
neither uniform nor equal in its operation
and would therefore be unconstitutional
and void."
GOVERNOR MAY GRANT
A JUBILEE HOLIDAY
Finance Committee Getting Beady to
Secure Funds for the Big
Celebration.
Past Grand President George D. Clark
and the other merfibers of the special
committee appointed to wait on Governor
Gage and obtain from him an expre&sion
as to the possibility of making Tuesday.
September 11. a If-gal holiday by procla
mation, visited the officers of the clearing
house and received the information that
there would be no objection to the Gover
nor declaring the 11th a legal holiday, in
view of the fact that It would help make
the eoiden jubilee of -California a grand
success. The committee then had an in
terview With the Governor, who expressed
himself as being favorably impressed with
the idea of granting an addnionai legal
holiday.
Yesterday afterncn there was a meeting
cf many of the prominent members of the
Native Sons' celebration committee in the
headquarters in the Palace Hotel for the
purpose of selecting a rmance committee
whose duty it shail be to secure funds
for the proper carrying cut of th« festivi
ties. Police Commissioner George A.
Newhall consented to act as chair
man of the general finance commit
tee. The following were named the gen
eral conference committee with full power
to act: G. A. Newhall. Frank H. Vail.
Henry S. Martin, Frank W. Marston,
George D. Clark, J. D. Phelan. H. G. W.
Dinkelspiel. F. H. Dunne. S. V. Costello
and P. G. Du Py. A letter was read from
Harbor Commissioner Rudolph Herold
expressing his willingness to serve the
finance cocmittee in any way he can.
Charles H. Turner, chairman of the com
mittee on naval parade, announced yester
day that he had added to the auxiliary
committee the following: Senator George
C Perkins. Representative Julius Kahn,
J. T. McMillan of the hydropgraphic of
fice; H. D. Hawks, commodor of the Cor
inthian Yacht Club: W. N. McCarthy,
commodore of the San Francisco Yacht
Ciub. and Joe Tracy, ex-commodore of the
Ccrinthian Yacht Club.
The r.aval parade committee met last
night and decided to have a grand illu
minated parade on the bay. a sham naval
battle and an illumination of the city front
and of the hills of the city. Messrs. De
vcto, Drydrn. Pryor. James. Tracy. I>?ale
and McMillan v.-ere appointed to present
the detail? of the plan. This committee
will meet next Tuesday, at which time the
regatta cornmittep will meet with it.
The entertainment committee also held
a meeting and .Jeci.ied to make the follow
ing recomraendations: September S. prom
enade concert in the nave of the ferry
building, receptions by parlors at their re
ppecllve headquarters: illumination of the
city September P. 9. 10 and 11; September
9. rejratta in the forenoon, sacred concert
et the Presidio and at the park In the aft
ernoon, baseball pame. in the evening sa
crefl concerts in Union square. Lafayette
tquare. Columbia" sauare and Washington
square: September 10. pnrade in th? day,
literary rxerclses in the evening and grand
ball In the ravllion. alpn sessions of the
Argonauts, Xincornrioor)?. Googoos. Curly
Bears and ether tfde deprreep: September
11. bulishead brfakfast at the cliff In the
afterrocn.and In the evening visits to the
henfiQuartrrp of the parlors.
The adjutant jrer.eral of the State called
at headquarters to announce that, togeth
er T.ith the Governor, he wo;il£ co-opei?ate
xr'.t'c the Native Sons to make a grand
display.
« TTORNET GENERAL TIREY L.
7/\ FORD, upon the report of Deputy
/r = \ TV'. M. Abbott, has rendered an
** " opinion of great political import
ance. Upon it Secretary of State Charles
F. Curry will decide what political par
ties are and are not entitled to be placed
upon the official ballot for the August
election. Mr. Curry made the following
inquiries:
"First— Is a political party, only one of
whose candidates poll 3 per cent of the
entire vote of the State at the election
prior to the State primary to be held in
August, 1900. entitled to a designation and
place upon the official ballot to be used at
said primary election?
"Second— If a political party polled 3
per cent of the entire vote of the State at
the election prior to the State primary to
be held in August, 1900. but failed to poll
3 per cent of the votes cast in any Rail
road Commissioner, Congressional, Boaj-d
of Equalization, Senatorial or Assembly
district, is such political party entitled to
a designation and place upon the official
ballot to be used in such district for the
election of delegates to nominate officers
in said districts?
"Third— At the last general election
neither the Democratic party, the People's
party nor the Silver Republican party
presented any candidate, as their sole
nominee for either Governor, Lieutenant
Governor, Secretary of State, Controller,
Treasurer. Attorney General, Surveyor
General. Clerk of the Supreme Court. Su
perintendent of Public Instruction, Super
intendent of State Printing or Associate
Justices of the Supreme Court, but two
or more of the political parties named
either nominated or Indorsed the same
person for each of the offices mentioned.
Under these circumstances how am I to
ascertain how many votes were polled by
each of the political parties named or
which party or parties are entitled to a
designation and place on the primary
election ticket to be vcted for at the next
primary election to be held on the second
Tuesday in August of this year?"
With relation to the first question. At
torney General Ford says in substance
that under section 1370 of the Political
Code, which is a portion of the new prim
arv election law; it Is provided that "all
political parties who. at the election prior
to any ensuing primary election herein
provided for, • polled at least 3 per i cent
of the entire vote of the State shall be
entitled to a designation and place upon
the official (primary) ballot." The voter
does not cast his vote for any political
party, but for candidates nominated by
that party. Therefore, in order to give
complete meaning to this section of the
code, it should be made to read as fol
lows: "All political parties whose candi
dates at the last election • • • polled at
least 3 per cent of the entire vote of the
State • • ? shall be entitled to a desig
nation and place upon the official ballot."
In computing: the 3 per cent of the entire
vote of thp State polled by the candidates
of any political party it must be upon the
basis, numerically, of the average vote
for the candidates r>f the respective polit
ical parties at such election. The fact is
pointed out that any other construction
•would make the primary election law
operate unequally, for the reason that
Inspector Clark Hammered.
The S<»cretary of the Treasury has de
cIIikhJ to approve Collector Jackson's cp
pointmont of Frank A. Clark to be tem
porary inspector, cluss 2. vice Eaeer.
piven five months leavo of absence. The
reaeon for the declination Js that Clark
•was recently disciplined bv the depart
ment for misconduct. - f'--
Attorney General Ford Renders Opinion in Re
sponse to Question Submitted by
Secretary of State Curry.
Political Divisions Which May and
May Not Be Recognized at
the Primaries.
FUSION PARTIES
ON THE BALLOTS
The Grand Grove of California, United
Ancient Order of Druids, opened yester
day morning in its tnirty-sixth annual
session In Druids' Hall on Sutter street
with James F. Martinoni, noble grand
arch, presiding. There were present all
the grand officers and one hundred and
eighty-four representatives from the sev
enty-nine subordinate groves in the Juris
diction.
After the usual impressive ceremonies
connected with the opening of the grand
body the grand grove degree was con
ferred upon sixty representatives who
were entitled to it.
A .congratulatory letter from Supreme
ArcH P. Schaffnit of St. Louis and a tele
gram from Deputy Supreme Arch M. A.
Beckman of Minneapolis were read and
received with applause.
The reports of the grand officers were
after presentation referred to the commit
tee on distribution.
The report of Noble Grand Arch Martin
oni Is a lengthy and able review of the work
done during- his administration and of the
condition of the order. " This shows that
during his term the order did not lose a
grove; that it gained eight new ones and
revived one that had been practically dead
for two vears. and that the net gain in
membership was 1160. The membership
now is 5061.
In his report the noble grand arch re
turns thanks to all who during his term
assisted him In making it the most suc
cessful of that of any noble grand arch in
the history of the order. In relation to
the press he says:
"During the year the press wherever
there are groves of Druids has done much
to attract public attention to Druidism
by publishing notices of elections, Instal
lations, open meetings and official visits.
I desire to call special attention to the
San Francisco Call, which has given in its
fraternal departments great deal of space
to the proceedings of the order. These no
tices have done the order much good."
Grand Secretary Graves' report is a
concise account of the condition of the
order, stated principally in figures. In his
report he says:
"When James F. Martinoni, the noble
grand arch, announced at the beginning
of the year that he Intended to make a
gain of 500 during his term It was looked
upon by many as a vain boast and an
utter impossibility. The year has closed
and the result Is before you, showing a
gain of over 1100. which plainly shows
¦what can be done by untiring action and
unceasing effort.
"My association with J. F. Martinoni,
noble grand arch, has been very pleasant
Indeed. I have found him an agreeable
traveling companion, an energetic, zealous
and untiring worker. During the whole
year not a harsh word or unkind thought
has passed between us and you have the
proof before you of the great work he has
accomplished." -- .
At the afternoon RessJon the report of
the committee on appeals and grievances
waB discussed and action was taken upon
the cases.
. In the evening Ihere was an exemplifi
cation of the ritualistic work of the bard,
or second, degree by teams from Laurel,
Galileo and Aurora groves In the presence
of the grand officers, representatives and
those members of the order who ' have
taken the bard's degree.
To-day there will be another session and
In the evening there will be a grand ball
In Odd Fellows' Hall in honor of the mem
bers of the Grand Grove. To-morrow at
II a.' in. the election for grand officers
will be held. -
Hopes of the Noble Grand Arch Are
Exceeded by More Than One-
Half— The Bard's
Degree.
Reports of Officers Are All
Most Satisfactory to the
Membership.
GRAND GROVE OF
ANCIENT DRUIDS
DELIBERATING
EN ADLER, a Powell-street
[J=«j\ cigar man. Is the first per
j_L-^ son to take advantage of
Judge Belcher's now famous
"Reno decision." In June of last
year Adler was married to Mrs.
Fredericka V. Dunbar, who six
weeks before had been divorced
from R. H. Dunbar, the husband
being the plaintiff and the ground
adultery-
A few days ago Adler was sued
by his Reno wife for divorce on the
grounds of extreme cruelty. They
had been living at the.Marechal
Kiel Hotel, and on June 9 had, trou
ble, of which the two give differ
ent versions. The lady says that
Adler beat her without provoca
tion, while Ben in his answer, filed
yesterday, says that Fredericka
drew a razor on him, and that he
was ' compelled to use considerable
force In .order . to get the . weapon
. away from her and protect his life,
which he says, was In great dan
i ger. . " . . .
¦ Adler has filed a cross-complaint.
In which he admits the Reno mar
riage, but denies that he and the
plaintiff are husband and wife. On
these : "Reno" grounds he seeks _to
have the suit dismissed and to es
cape having his private troubles
heard in court, with the possibility
of having to pay alimony and at
torney • fees.
He Files Ready Answer
to WiFe's Divorce
Complaint.
RENO DECISION
PLEASES ADLER
THE heroic act of John E. Sweeney,
hoseman engine No. 29, in saving the
life of Michael Coyne during a fire
early yesterday morning at 430
Eleventh street, was a theme of praise
in and out of the department . yesterday.
Chief Sullivan was warm In his expres
sions of the bravery of Sweeney and has
given instructions that no expense be
spared to bring the gallant fireman back
to life.
Sweeney rallied somewhat yesterday
morning from the effects of his terrible
burns and there is a strong hope that he
will recover, although he will be ais
flgured for life. He was visited by his
wife and other relatives and friends and
bore up bravely. He was removed to St.
Mary's Hospital and Dr. Bodkins, the de
partment physician, will specially attend
to his case. t
Acting Captain Thomas J. Bean of en
gine No. 29. in his report of Sweeney's
heroic act. says: "Sweeney and Wallace
Jamison fought to enter the building, but
the flames checked them. Sweeney said
to Jamison 'Can you make It?' and Jami
son said, 'No.' Sweeney ran to the wagon
and geting a coat threw it over his head
and rushed upstairs through the blinding
smoke and saved Michael Coyne's life.
Sweeney is married and has four small
children. He is 31 years of age and a
marble cutter by trade. He Joined the de
partment December 16. 1894. being as
signed to engine 1, but the following year
was transferred to engine No. 29. His
name is In the "book of meritorious con
duct." On the morning of August 15, 1896.
while going to his home at 21% Sheridan
street he saw flames issuing from the rear
of a building at 1014 and 1016 Bryant street.
He sent word by a milkman to the engine
house and rushed into the building to
alarm the sleeping inmates. An old couple,
John and Maria Brodie, were unable to
look after themselves and Sweeney car
ried them to the rear stairway, the only
means of escape, but it had been burned
away. He carried them to a front window
and by the aid of a rope which was
FIREMAN SWEENEY
IS A TRUE HERO
fnited States Court Commissioner Hea
cock began yesterday morning the pre
liminary examination of. J. W. Barthol
omew and Krnst Emmrich. charged with
having conspired to defraud the United
States CJoverjunent out of J22S. The com
plainant is R. P. Merillion. president and
director of the American Box Factory, of
which Bartholomew is secretary and with
which Merillion Is engaged in litigation in
the State Courts. Emmerick Is a clerk
in the quartermaster's department of the
army. It is alleged that he conspired with
Bartholomew to pay out of Government
tunds a bill for $374 presented by Barthol
omew and purporting to be for boxes and
material furnished the quartermasters
department by the American Box Corn
pauv. whereas only $105 worth of material
had'been furnished, leaving an overcharge
of J2C* Bert Sehleslnger and Henry C. Mc-
Plke represented the defendants and the
prosecution was In the hands of United
States District Attorney Coombs and
Assistant United States Attorney Ban-
Merlllion swore that his information in
the matter had been gained from an .in
spection of the books of his company.
He testified alro that he had warned Bar
tholomew against such transactions with
the Government and had advised him to
be more carefuL
Quartcsnaster Long informed the court
that he r.ad no desire to withhold any
thin"- In the shape of evidence and would
furnish the court with all the records of
his office as soon as granted permission
frcm his superiors at Washington. The
ca«e accordingly went over until 10 o'clock
this morning.
JUDGE HEACOCK
HEARS CHARGE
OF CONSPIRACY
President Merillion of the
Box Factory Tells His
Story.
Colonel Long Will Throw Open the
Becords' of the Depart
ment for Use at the
Trial.
MARRIED WHEN THE
NOON BELLS CHIMED
WERE WEDDE D AT MIDDAY.
- . ¦
ttrft ISS OLIVE SNIDER and John
I u\ Sroufe Merrill were married yes-
II Ik, \ terda y at noon at the First Con
gregational Church. The sacred
edifice was crowded to the doors with the
wealth and fashion of the town, all friends
of the happy young couple.
Rev. Dr. Sweeney, an old friend of the
Merrill family, performed the ceremony.
The bride was attended by Miss Gladys
Merrill, sister of the groom, who officiated
as maid of honor. Harry Holbrook was
best man and the ushers were Ralph Mer
rill, Dennis Searles, Frank King, William
Hazleton, Orlo Eastwood and Clarence
Doane. •**'.•
After the ceremony there was an elab
orate wedding breakfast at the home of
the groom's parents. 1732 Washington
street. The elegant Merrill home was
elaborately decorated for the occasion. In
the main reception room, vrhere the new
ly wedded couple welcomed their guests.
ZANGWILL'S PLAY
WILL BEGIN THE
FRAWLEY SEASON
"Children of the Ghetto,"
With Wilton Lackaye
as the Rabbi.
"Ben Hur" and "The Great Ruby," a
New York Success, Will Also
Be Presented by This
Company.
The Frawley Company— their pardon!
the New Frawley Company— has elected
to present "The Children of the Ghetto."
Israel ZangwlH's strong play, aS their
Initial performance at the Grand Opera
house, Monday evening next. "Wilton
Lackaye will appear as the Rabbi, "Reb"
Shemnel, in which part he scored a dis
tinguished success in New York. Miss
Corona Rlcardo. the bright young actress
who succeeded Ada Rehan in "Tne Great
Ruby" and created the principal role la
"Ben Hut," will be Mr. Lackaye's leading
support. Miss Keith Wakeman, an old
Frawley favorite: Miss Mary Van Buren,
also a favorite here, and Miss Grace-
Cahlll, a new player, are also announced
by Mr. Frawley as "leading ladies." iUss
Ruth Berkeley and Miss Alice Evans,
both of whom will make their debut
among us this season: Phosa McAllister,
Marion Barnay, Pearl Landers, little
Margo Duffet and others will also help to
represent the eternal feminine.
Among the new masculine names, by
force of association, one notices Imme
diately that of William J. Winters, the
son of the famous critic. Mr. Winters has
been Identified with the Daly Company
for some few years, and has done some
clever work in light comedy and juvenile
roles. One notes also the name of H. 8.
Northrup, E. H. Sothern's leading male
support, and Henry Roberts is another
clever recruit to the Frawley forces. Al
together Mr. Frawley is to be warmly
congratulated on the excellent company
he has gathered together, and also on the
Interesting repertoire to be presented dur
ing tt» season.
• • •
The Columbia.
Next Monday evening at the Columbia
Theater Henry Miller will open his en
gagement with a performance of "Miss
Hobbs," with Margarent Anglln In the
title role. "Miss Hobbs" Is a late London
success and one of the happiest fancies of
lta author, Jerome K. Jerome. Mr. Froh
man presents an exceptionally stronpr
company in support of Mr. Millar, ami
the reason promises to be an even mor»
brilliant one than that of last year. A
week from Monday night will he given
the first production In this city of the Ly
ceum sucrffp. "The Tree of Knowledge."
pink and white hydrangeas made an ex
quisite bower, within which Mr. and Mrs.
Merrill received the congratulations of
their friends.
In the dining-room there was a profu
sion and variety .of flowers. The bride's
table was decorated with pink blossoms.
The gowns of the bridal party were sur
passingly lovely. The bride looked regal
in her magnificent gown of white crepe
trimmed with exquisite lace. Miss Merrill
was attired In a dainty New York gown of
white silk mull trimmed with ecru lace.
Mrs. Snider, the mother of the bride, wore
an elegant gown of black peau de sole
trimmed with old lace. Mrs. Merrill,
mother of the groom, was attired In an
elegant grown of gray crepe.
Mr. and Mrs. Merrill left last evening
for an Eastern trip. They will go to the
"White Mountains, the Adirondacks and
Jhe Southern States. The young couple
received many handsome presents, quite
a number being sent from friend3 and
relatives In the East.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAYy JXJNE 20, 1900.
thrown to him by members of his com
pany who had by that time arrived he
was able to save their lives. He was
assisted by Alexander Schneider of the
same company, who resigned from the
department a few months later.
Michael Coyne will also probably live.
He showed considerable Improvement yes
terday. He was drunk when the fire
broke out. It was caused, by some one
placing a lighted candle too near a win
dow curtain. The house had been an eye
sore In the neighborhood for year3
through the orgies that occurred almost
nightly.
FIREMAN JOHN E. SWEENEY.
10
WM and 1!appmess<
V^krfr»i^W^\ Note these recoveries which
.77$^^ \SU^ show the curative power of
*^K\ Dr. McLaughhVs
. J^v^ 0 Electric Belt,
* And Which wil1 stren 2then
'*^n your confidence in my treat-
ment.
Tour Belt ha* driven out *very el^n of
my Kheumatlnm.— Jas. Parker. 723 Green
rtreet. Enn Kranclnco. June 1.
VArW yee.ni of «ufferiTur ar» now re-
lieved, ihankt to your Belt. — Mrs. Samuel
Breck, :GC2 Summit street, Oakland.
Dr. Mclaughlin's Belt has preatly bene-
fited my case.-Mls* Lena Brunner. Ukiah.
Cal., June 12. .
Tour Belt ha» completely cured my lum-
bago and grippe.— Chan. Dourneau, Second
and Rose streets, W. Berkeley. Cal.. May 2.
Woman is prone to oain and weakness, and nearly every man is a
victim of some ailment. The responsibilities of life carry with" them mind
tension and bodily fatigtlc, which wear down the strength and encourage
disease. For your Pain in the Back, your Rheumatism, Kidney Trouble
or Nerve Weakness I offer you th e grandest remedy in the world. My
Electric Belt is better than the surgeon's knife or drugs. It feeds your
nerves and gives you restful sleep. You then enjoy life and have fewer
wrinkles of C2re." I've cured thousands of cases similar to yours. Call and
¦ sec me, or write for my interesting book— free.
mTJT 1 TUT«T ¦TTflTTTTTT TO2 Market Street Comer Kearny. Son
Hi » A mPi lAlllTllhm Francisco. BurdlcK BlocK. cor. Spring
ill* H. lUUiJnUUUiJllT, an d. second Streets. Los Angeles.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUPERIOR' MERIT.
Remarkable Curative Properties of a
Remedy for Indigestion and
1 Stomach Weakness.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, a prepara-
tion for the cure of dyspepsia and the
various forms of indigestion and stomach
trouble, owes its great success as a cure I
for th»se troubles to the fact that it la
prepared for disease and weakness of the
stomach and digestive orgrans only, and
! !s not recommended or advised for any
other disease.
It Is not a cure-all, but for any Btom-
: ach trouble it Is undoubtedly the safest,
most sensible remedy that can be ad-
vised with the prospect of a permanent
cure. It Is prepared In tablet form, pleas-
ant to taste, composed of vegetable and
fruit essences, pure pepsin and Golden
Seal, every one of which act effectively
In digesting the food eaten, thereby rest«
lnjr and Invigorating the weak stomach;
rest Is nature's cure for any disease, but
you cannot rest the stomach unless you
put Into it something that will do its
work or assist In the digestion of food.
That is exactly what Stuart's Dyspep-
Bia Tablets do; one grain of the digestive
principle contained In them will digest
3000 grains of meat, eggs or similar -whole-
some foods. They will -digest the food
whether the stomach Is in working order
or not. thereby nourishing the body and
resting the stomach at the same tima
and rest and nourishment Is nature's cure
for any weakness.
In persons run down In fleah and ap-
petite these tablets build up the strength
and increase flesh, because they digest
flesh-forming food which the weak stom-
ach cannot do; they increase the flow of
gastric juice and prevent fermentation,
acidity and sour watery risings. ¦ • ¦
Stuart's Dyspe;»ia Tablets can be fownd
at all drug stores at 50 cents per package.
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
itronc AMertlooa as to Jvat What
the* Remedies Will Do.
, /St^f^/^V *t*t bl* Bi«unjttUm
tx** w!11 «*• n * a " ! /
Js^sgwV^S-* an eu*» of rh«um*.
P>i*f '^fT-T* tUta in ¦ t*w hour*;
Anr t-"i^ that bis t>7>pep«ta Cor*
Tgjv f *?1 * rtu CW* lc«l!5e»t!on and
IRf -- -» ifTryr * 1: tcmacb trouble*;
W •^n4^ ; / **•* hi * Kldaer Cnn»
i V^lSsr *^ can 00 p«r e«nt.
- V«jrf**xj •* " :1 *«»«• of Kdner
X £-2— i»l»7 troabl*; ttet fc!» Ca-
Jby" **S$y tin* Cora will cure
>fk^M*ti&5v «atarri so matter bow
•S^'t^N^T > '*-' i :f- ? N. km? itao^lnj; t^ttt hia
v£PS£3Si£& 'if Hnul»e!l« Cur. wtU enra
1 i i i i gjy any fcjnfl cf h«rt»rh« la
I Ira taw mlostca; t?i»t
• hia Cold CUre will
Quickly treai op tzf
tern of eo'A isd to on throcpb tba entire lut «t
t*m«<!:«fi. At ail dmcclats. 2S cent* a vial.
If jou n«wj m«rJkral <ut*iR* writ* Prof. Manyoo.
1300 Arcb «t.. Pbtla. It to *twoluuly &••»
DR. MEYCRS & CO '|,
Diseases and Weakness of Men. 0
E3TABLI3aZ3 IS 1881. . [I
Largest Medical Institute and Most 9
Extensive Practice. |1
731 XABKST ST2SZT. BAN T&aHCXSCO. |j
Hom» Caria. BtaXti Frtrata Book, Tn « H
Ea kCS^Ri J& V? ¦Oft IB BBta &K m 4
m \i I i^ ¦¦?-" PTl 22x9 E3 i 8M8
9 n e Kl "V*~^ b9 ¦B3 m mn |9
¦ , JB i km ante Cm B?t1 B yjB £9
' 3 - Jj Eel iijPp BM ' -^^B *^_^^l^ J&k
| A PERMANENT CURE I
g of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhea 5
J and Gleet, cnaranteed In from 3 to 6 5
c dajs; no' other treatment required. -s
5 '• - •. SoW by all druggist*. " • >Tatters — Say. wofs a "cosmopolitan"?
Hasbeen— Well, that's the name they give
to a kind of wealthy hobo.— Philadelphia
Presp.
MORE COMMENDATION
FOR CALL'S HOME STUDY
West Defeats Hanrahan.
NEW YORK. June 19.— Billy Hanrahan
of New York was knocked out in the sev
enteer.th round of his fight with Tommy
Wrst of Brooklyn before the Seaside
Club of Coney Island to-nicht, after hn
had Riven West ope of the worst punish
ments that stockily built pugilist had re
ceived Finre he met Kid McCoy. West
deserves all the credit due him for his vic
tory, but Hanrahan showed to much brt
ter advantage, and his defeat was only
<!ue to his lack of experience in fast ring
tactics
POLICE DETERMINED
TO CLOSE POOLROOMS
Lieutenant Birdsall, Under Instruc
tions, Buys Pools and Makes
Four Arrests.
Notwithstanding the injunction asked
for by the poolsellers, Harry Corbett,
Zick Abrams, D. J. Crowley and Henry
Schwartz, to restrain Chief Sullivan from
interfering with their business, the Chief
yesterday issued instructions to arrest
them if these men were selling pools.
It was at first decided to swear out com
plaints for their arrest, but later Lieuten
ant Birdsall was Instructed to visit the
poolrooms and make arrests. The lieu
tenant went first to the rooms of Henry
Schwartz under the Cafe Royal and
bought a pool on the Hanrihan-West fight
at Coney Island. He at one© placed
Schwartz under arrest and took him to
the City Prison. Schwartz was booked on
the charge of violating the poolselling or
dinance and was released on ?50 cash bail,
accepted by Assistant Warrant Clerk
Greeley.
The lieutenant followed the same pro
cedure at the other poolrooms, and Harry
Corbett. D. J.' Crowley and John Riley.
Zlck Abrams' manager, were arrested
and released on the-patne ball. The cases
will be taken to the Supreme Court.
The following divorce cases were filed
in the Superior Court yesterday: Mary E.
Newman vs. Fred E. Newman, failure to
provide; Mary Donohue vs. Frank Dono
hue, desertion; Mary C. Crandall vs. F.
S. Grandall. same cause. The divorce
complaint of Mrs. Lizzie Ashley has been
withdrawn. 'V : ? -
The Divorce Record.
The movement to construct a cycle path
between this city and San Mateo was
given a good start at a meeting held by
the Cycle Board of Trade last evening.
Committees on finance and organi
zation were appointed, and a considerable
discussion was held as to the best avail
able route.
Until the route Is definitely decided the
probable co3t will be hard to estimate. A
communication was read from President
Woodson of the California Associated
Cyclists, giving eomo statistics of other
paths now .constructed in the State, where
the cost varied from ten to two hundred
dollars a mile, according to the ground,
necessity for grading, bridges and cul
verts.
Southern California now has fifty-six
miles of cycle path constructed. Other
paths In the State are: Sacramento to
Folsom, 22 miles; Auburn to Rocklin, 29;
Sajcramento to Gait, 24: Sacramento to
Brighton, 5; Oak Park, Sacramento Coun
ty, •*; Vallejo to Napa, 18.
Charles Albert Adams was elected pres
ident of the meeting and James M. Ham
ilton secretary. Mr. Adams called for ex
pressions as to the best probable route
and nearly ©very delegate present had
some ideas to express. Willia'm MaciTie
of the Olympic Wheelmen thought tne
best route would a continuation of the
present ocean boulevarfl. past Lake Mer
ritt into San Mateo Courtly. He said the
Spring Valley Water Works owned most
of the property along this route, but he
thought a right-of-way could be secured.
He thought the Mission road could be
used, but not the bay road, as It is too
narrow.
Joseph Holle and W. J. Kenny favored
the bay road as the favorite scenic route
south from the city^. Kenny said the bay
road could bo widened. t>ut Mr. Mackie
disputed this, saying It would cost too
much to cut lnpn the rock on the Inside,
or sink piles and build a wooden path' on
the outside.
Mr. Cornell favored the bay road as be-
The Bay Road, Mission Road and a
Continuation of the Ocean Boule
vard Discussed as Avail
able Routes.
Propose Building a Wheel
way Between the Two
Cities.
WHEELMEN WANT
A CYCLE PATH
TO SAN MATEO
SIX STRAIGHT
WINERS FOR
YANKEE RIDERS
Score a Clean Sweep at the
Gatwick Summer
Meeting.
R^iffs Pilot Four and Bigby Two of
the Horses That Lead Their
Fields Past the Judges'
LONDON. June 19.— At the Gatwlck
summer meeting to-day the American
jockeys made a clean sweep. The Horse
shoe handicap of 200 sovereigns was won
by Sweet Sounds, ridden by J. Reiff.
Jiffy 11 was second with L. Reiff up.
The Crow plate- of 200 sovereigns, for
two-year-olds, was won by Northduke,
ridden by L. Reiff.
The Gatwick selling handicap of 500 sov
ereigns was won by Zaziga with J. Reiff
in the saddle.
The Purley plate was won by Duke of
Pc-tersfleld II with Rigby up.
The Dorking welter handicap was won
by Galveston, ridden by Rigby.
The Manor plate of 100 sovereigns was
won by Corypheus with J. Reiff In the
eaddlc.
Huns Third.
NEW YORK. June 19.— Results at
Sheepshead Bay:
Vctsr Finishes in Front and Bendoran
CONEY ISLAND HANDICAP.
Five and a half furlongs— Elizabeth M won.
Reau Gallant second, Glnkl third. Time,
1:17 1-5.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Native won.
Sky iscraper second, llesjier third. Time,
1:1? 4-5.
The Foam, five furlongs — Dublin won. Sweet
Lavender second. Longshoreman- third. Time,
1:01.
The Coney Island handicap, six furlongs —
Votar won. Lady Uncas second, Bendoran third.
Time, 1:13 4-5.
Mile — Kush won. May Hempstcad second, Iro
quoiE Btlle third. Time. 1:42 1-5.
Vile and a lurlong, on turf— IntruEix-e won.
Maximo Gjmez second. Prince McClurgr third.
Time, 1:54.
ST. LOUIS, June 19.— First choices were
bowled over In all the events at the Fair
Grounds to-day. The Texas crowd cut
loose a "good thing"' in George Arnold
in the laf=t race. The owners of the horse
were suspended for in-and-out running
pending investigation. Results:
Mil? and an eighth, selling— Crossmollna. won,
Dlnornls second. lia/llcd third. Time, 1:45%.
Mile and seventy yards, selling — Capron won.
Sir Gatian second, Florablrd third. Time,
1:4C*«.
Five furlongs, selling— Quick Range won,
Zelde Eeconl, Zack Ford third. Time, 1:03.
Two miles, celling— Sir Rolls, won. Croesus
second, I'uke of Melbourne third. Time, 3:3S.
Four and a half furlongs— Queen Dlxon won,
Jc* Frey second, Isobel third. Time, :55l4-
Eix furlongs, felling— George Arnold won,
Mamie Lou second, Kandazzo third. Time,
1.14H-
CINCINNATI, June 1?.— Weather fine
and track fast at Newport. Results:
Mile, eellins— Honey-wood won. King Elkwood
second. Marion Lynch third. Time, 1:42.
Five and a half furlonss, selling — Nitrate
won, Irvins Mayor second, Ham Lyons third.
Tltne. 1:0ft.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Clay Pointer
won, Vlrple O second. Goose Liver third. Time,
1:54.
Six furlongs, jelling— Elsie Barr.es won. Oily
Gamin second. Princess Fedora third. Time.
l:14Vi.
Five furlcngs — Tom Embrj' wen, Xanathos
second. Pirate of Pensarce third. Time, 1:03.
Six furlongs. Ee!llr,R-— Mound City won. Little
Lcrd E**cond. MacLarrn third. Time. 1:14%.
DENVER. June 19.— Results at Overland
Park:
Trotting — Emma Foote won In three Ptraight
Iteat*; tlrr.e, 2:19V;. 2:1S'4. 2:20. P.ed Cliff, Ed
WlnEhlp. Mabel Jefferson and Gebhardt also
started.
Six furJonss — Miss Ue'lwood won, Panamint
E«con<i. Tc-rrene third. Tlrr.e. 1:16.
ppven furlcrgp— Pe.T Park? won, - Belle, of
Ccrrlca erorid, Crr,!;er third. Time, 1:30. \
Four furlcnrs— Rf-^alcng wen, LH»n II second,
Frrnand third. Tlm<\ : «sVi.
FIvp and a half furlong— Master Mariner
won, Plymouth Feccrd, GoM Bug third. Time,
1:CS.
- .CHICAGO, June ID.— Harlern results:
Six furlcngs— Prince Plenty won, Tacon sec
ord. Orion third. Time. 1:15&
One rcJ'c— Mr. Brov/n won. Arthur Dehan
Sfccnd. Wax third. Time. lMIVi.
Half a mile— Monpymufis v.-on. Dsn!zula sec
ond. Fred Hers'r third. Time. :4S»i.
One ir.lle— Ail Gold wen. Advance Guard sec
ond. The Monk thiid. Time. 1:40^.
Five lurlcnj:?— Kid Ccx won. Tenny Eell »ec-
Oafl. Icenl third. Time, 1:C"};.
Mile ar.d ICO yards— The Klector won, Gold
Fes recond, Krwln third. Time, l:46\i.
BUFFALO. N. T., June 13.— Results at
Fort Erfe:
S!x and a half furiongp, maidens— Saguna II
won. Deist second, George Lazard third. Time.
V.TLV..
' F'.ve-eiphths cf a mile, two-year-olds— Flelche
d'Or won. The Cooper second, l>ank Mcrrison
third. Time, 1:0114-
Seven-eishths of a mile, aellins— ilcGrathlana
Prince won. Macog »eeond, M. Murphy third.
Tlme,l:2S.
Handicap, mile and & . sixteenth— Bell Punch
won. On second. Free Lance third. Time. 1:48.
Six furlonss. selling— Poorlands won, .Wind
ward second. Lottie Hunter third. Time, 1:14%.
Selling, six furlsnirs— Zanoae won. Quaver
t->c r.ii, gprinswells third. Time. l:13^i.
1HO BETTIIiQ ON DERBY.
Bookznaking Will Not Bs Permitted
at Washington Park.
CHICAGO, June 19.— The American
Derby must tie run without a betting
ring this year. So' declared Mayor Har
rison to-day tefcre he boarded n train
for New York. Corporation Counsel
Walker, active Mayor In his chief's ab
sence, wsj lntruatcd vrith ctrrylng out
the order forbidding tho seUIas of pools,
and Chief Klpley was instructed to keep
the bookmakers In order If air the force
of the Police Department had to be mob
ilized at the "Washington Park "track to
prevent the laying of wagers.- -
ABANDON THEIR
MEETING AT THE
OAKLAND TRACK
Driving Association Men
Will Enter Races at
Santa Rosa.
Events Are Placed on tbe Circuit
Programme for Tfrexa by the
Trotting Horse Breeders'
The proposed trotting horse meeting at
the California Jockey Club track. Oak
land, on July 4, under the patronag* of
the Golden Gate Park Driving Association,
has been abandoned. In its place the
members will send their fastest horses
to Santa. Rosa, where th<? Pacific Coast
Troii ir.g Horse Breeders' Association will
open the California circuit. The associa
tion hns placed two races on its pro
gramme for the park rneedway drivers
aod may add another if the entries war
rcr.t to doing.
The lists were opened at the meeting of
the Driving Association held last night
::; their rooms in the Palace Hotel and
nincuon hcrses were emered forthwith.
It is expected this number will be mater
ially ir.crea.«<.-d at the next rareting. the
entries txir.g allowed to remain open un
til that time. President Edward Algelt
ir.per appointed a* a committee on clas?i
ticaUcn C. E. Parks. E. Stewart, and L..
Richard?c;i. They passed upon the en
tries already in hand and gave the lol
.'owirg as the result of their labors:
fyrwiil class— H. BJ Siocam's Teddy the Roan.
J. Carter** Priiica C, George W. Kleiser's Alto
Vtio.
First clasf— K. r-ttwerfp Localcor, II. W.
Milter's «'rc-«cerit. J. C. <>t-.lar.dt> Harvey B.
V,\ C. liamert'in'F <3enrral I)r. I. B.
DaJxteTa t^teve, William Van Kernen's llattio
B. J. O'Kane'f Sandow ar.d II. W. Miiler'B
Lady Falrose. *
Second class — Dr. A. McLauRhlin's A B P:
. T . Holland's Freddie B, J. C. Oh'.andfs Ala-
me&x Maid, F. (Jommtt's Pardee. E. Stewart's
i!c'pg!i C. K. Park's Imv. J. Costello's Lilith
tr.d E. D. Sachs Bob Burns.
Whatever entries are received hereafter
¦will be merged with there. Some of tho
horses will be sent to Santa Rosa, at once
and wl'.l undergo the conditioning process
with the horses on the circuit. A purse
cf COO has been offered for each race and
the same offer holds good for the meet
ings at Nana, Vallejo and the September
meeting at Oakland. The first appearance
of the speedway horfes will be on Inde
pendence Day, the other dates not having
been selected. ; " '.':¦.?
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Steamer Doric Arrives From
the Orient With Many
Chinese.
Oceanic Company's Mail Steamer
Australia "Was Delayed 24 Hours
at Honolulu, but She Will
Beach Here To/Day.
The California and Oriental Steamship
Company's Carlisle City sailed for Hong
kong and way ports yesterday. She car
ried few pasfongors. but - was loaded to
the guards with freight.
Four deep water ships got in yesterday.
The King David came up in ballast from
Acapulco in 46 days, the Port Elgin from
Newcastle, Australia, In 60 days and the
S. D. Carlton in 1C days from Kahulul
and the Santiago in 23 days from Hilo.
All four vessels made very good runs.
The time made bj- the King David make^
matters look still worse for the schooner
Americana, now out 111 days from Caleta
Bucna. and her rate of reinsurance is sure
to take another jump to-day.
William McKay, a carpenter livlner at
113 Waller street, was taken to the Har
bor Hospital from the Merchants' dry
dock yesterday suffering from concussion
of the brain. He was struck- by a falling
timber and had a narrow escape from
Instant death. Dr. von der Leith careo
for him at the Harbor Hospital and later
he was removed to the German Hospital.
Wat:r Front Notes.
The handsome new steamer John S.
Kimball is now nearing completion and
in another week or so will be ready for
her trial trip. She is the handsomest
piece of marine architecture ever turned
out of a Pacific Coast yard, and judging
from her lines she should be very fasi.
The John S. Kimball Is 240 feet long. 2S
feet beam and 16 feet deep, while she dis
places 2G00 tons of water. Her engines
are now being fitted together and put in
place and as soon as everything is com
pleted she will start for Nome. The Kim
ball Steamship Company expect to have
her ready by the middle of July. Nearly
all her accommodation Is already taken.
Largest Wooden Steamer.
The trouble in China caused the leave
of a number of naval officers on the
China station to be curtailed, and in con
sequence there was considerable grumb
ling. Lieutenant Commander Edward
Kelly of > the British torpedo boat de
stroyer -Whiting was granted a leave of
absence to go home, but when the Boxers
bogan making trouble in the \-icinlty of
Peking his leave was withdrawn. Kelly
then refused duty and hfi was placed .un
der arrest. A court-martial found him
guilty and he wae ordered dismissed from
his shin and to loso five years' seniority.
The Whiting was to have gone north be
fore the Doric sailed to assist in the pro
tection of the British legation at Peking,
but the refusal of Captain Kelly to take
the vessel out delayed her departure.
Naval Officer Court-Martialed.
The Doric brings the news that the
Oceanic Steamship Company's Australia
would not leave Honolulu for San Fran
cisco until June 13. Sho will not. there
fore, be due until early this morning. The
usual sailing date from the Islands Is the
12th of each month, but owing to the
rush to socupc passenger accommodation
the sailing of the vessel was delayed.
Australia Due To-Day.
Among the most famous of the Doric's
cabin passengers was Bishop S. K. Part
ridge, who has spent eighteen years In
China and Japan. H.o left "here In the lat
ter part of 1&S1 on the steamer Sikh for
Hongkong and has been In the Orient ever
since. Mrs. E. T. Osborn, daughter of the
late Captain Shotwell. manager of the
Merchants' Exchange, was also a passen
ger. Her mother and brother. E. E. Shot
well, assistant secretary of the Safe De
posit Bank, were down to welcome her
home. Mrs. Osbom's husband Is connect
ed with the Pacific Mail Company's office
in Japan. .
Among those who came up on the
steamer were: L. Achard, W. Alexander,
R. M. Andrews, J. H. Betts, W. Braddock,
W. T. Carleton, F. G. Curtis, Paul Door
men, W. F. Ackland, Mrs. W. Alexander,
S. J. Bailey, Mrs. E. H. Braddock, Miss
Gertrude Brenner, Mrs. W. T. Carleton
and Infant, Lieutenant H. W. Carpenter,
U. S. M. C, H. Estinghausen, Colonel F.
Fraser, R. A., Mrs. A. Forrest. Mrs. A. A.
Fulton and infant. W. H. Fulton, Mrs.
H. Grove and maid, Mrs H. H. Guy and
infant. A. Hamilton. Miss Edna Z. Ham
ilton. W. F. Harris, Mrs. John HInkel.
Young Wah Hoon, F. J. Lord, Mrs. A. P.
Lowric. J. F. Olesen. Mrs. E. T. Osborn.
Bishop Sidney E. .Partridge. Miss M. Rob
ins, Mrs. E. A. Sargent, Miss Sargent, C.
D. Sias, H. Stinnes. Mrs. C. F. Snow. J.
G. W. Schroeder. Miss Young Tal, Mrs.
L. H. Warner, Mrs. Martha Wright, Mrs.
W. M. Fisher, Rev. A. A. Fulton. Miss
Grace Fulton. Master R. W. Fulton, Rev.
H. H. Guy. Master Bernard Guy, Mrs. A.
Hamilton, C. E. R. Kandro, John HInkel.
G. R. Home, William B. Jones, Miss H.
P. Lord, Mrs. M. McLean, Mrs. Yoe Oi,
Miss M. E. Penr.ey, Mr3. Hugh Rodman,
Master C. Sargent, Mrs. Sias and Jap
anese nurse. M. L. Smcad, J. Sporer, Dr.
H. G. Tilden. Mrs. X. Vaughn. Mrs. H.
Wilson, Young Gum Yuen, Miss Dorothy
Snow.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Doric arrived from the Orient
yesterday. A stop was made at Honolulli
and a few through passengers were
brought from the island, but no freight.
The Doric brought Into port 76 cabin, and
10 eecond cabin passengers and 25 Japan
ese and 407 Chinese in the steerage. The
cabin passengers were landed early yes
terday morning, but the Chinese and Jap
anese will have to be fumigated before
they will be allowed to land.
Twenty-Ninth Session of the Califor
nia Tooth Doctors — Papsrs, Clin
ics and Sharp Criticisms of
Recent Methods.
»
The spiciest thing about yesterday s
meeting of the California State Dental As
sociation at the Young Men's Christian
Association hall was tbe covert whacks
taken by the president, Walter F. Lewis
of Oakland, at the State Board of Dental
Examiners. The memory of last Septem
ber's scandal evidently rankled among his^
listeners, for when he closed the address'
In which his allusions were made there
was visible a marked eagerness to com
ment on his speech.
Dr. Lewis thinks that the power of nom
inating the board should be vested solely
in the dentists, and not, as it is at the
present time, with political laymen. The
third vice president of the association, Dr.
P. L. Platt, advocated and indorsed the
president's views.
"As the matter stands at present," said
Dr. Platt, "the man with a pull gets on
the board, while others, perhaps more
suited fo.r the position but without influ
ence, have to keep out."
Tooth doctors who resort to advertising
of the Incandescent character also came
In for a grilling at the hands of the presi
dent. He said that such practitioners
were ruining the profession, and by their
fraudulent methods were heaping odium
on the reputable dentists>
More abstruse entrance examinations to
the dental colleges were advocated by Dr.
L. A. Teague as a purge for this class of
practitioners. -This speaker also wanted
the number of colleges regulating limited
to three — one in New York, one In Chicago
and one in San Francisco.
The morning session of this the twenty
ninth annual meeting of the California
Sta;e Dental Association was called to
order at 10 o'clock yesterday morning by
President Walter F. Lewis of Oakland.
The hall was fairly filled with a repre-.
sentative gathering of California dentists..
The session this year Is to last four days.
Three of these will be given to clinics and
professional papers, the fourth to a dinner
or some festivity.
The reading of the papers contributed
by members of the committee on dental
literature and education occupied the
morning session. An interesting paper on
that subject by Dr. T. T. Dunbar of San
Francisco was read by Dr. W. J. Taylor
of Sacramento, the author being unable
to be present. The paper which excited
most Interest was that of Dr. Amy J.
Bpwman of San Francisco on "Woman In
Dentistry" Dr. Bowman In this paper
recommended that a superficial knowledge
of dental science be made a part of all
public-school currlculums. . ¦ •
A supplementary report on dental liter
ature and education was read by Dr. W.
J. Taylor. Dr. J. M. Haider of Oakland
contributed a supplementary report on
"Dental Therapeutics."
In the afternoon several cases were
operated on before the meeting.
At the evening session besides the presi
dent's address Dr. A. C. Hart of San
Francisco delivered a lecture on "Crown
and Bridge Work," illustrating his points
with the aid of the blackboard.
The membership applications of twenty
dentists have been received by the secre
tary. The second session will begin at
10 o'clock this morning. This year's clin
ics are as follows:
"Bleaching Teeth With Peroxide of So
dium," Dr. J. T. Grant of Woodland:
"Filling Canals In Abscessed Teeth With
Creosoted Charcoal Points." Dr. E. C.
Tait, Oakland; "Replacing Facings by
Means of Dr. Bryant's Bridge Repair
Tools," Dr. \V. J. Taylor, Sacramento:
"Root Calan Fillings With Silver Points,"
Dr. S. L. Strickland, San Francisco; "Root
Canal Drying." "Contour Approxlmal
Filling With Moss Fiber Gold," Dr. F. C.
Pague, San Francisco; "Making and Tem
pering Instruments," Dr. F. W. Harnden,
San Francisco; "Porcelain Inlay," Dr. A.
H. Wallace, San Francisco; "Porcelain
Molar Crown," Dr. F. L. Platt, San Fran
cisco; "Combination Cohesive and . Non
cohesive Gold Filling In Occlusal Cavity,"
;"Ths Napkin and Its Adjuncts," Dr. A. F.
Merrlman Jr., Oakland; "Treatment of
Blind Alveolar Abscess," Dr. George E.
Daniels, San Francisco; "Porcelain
Work," Dr. J. C. Cummlngs. San Fran
cisco; "Tho Treatment of Erosion and
Abrasion," Dr. L. A. Teague, San Fran
cisco.
The following are the officers of the as
sociation who are managing the present
meeting: President, Walter F. Lewis,
Oakland; first vice president, A. F. Merrl
man Jr., Oakland; second vice president,
A. M. Barker. San Jose; third vice presi
dent, F. L. Platt, San Francisco; record
ing secretary. W. Z. King, Sans Francisco.;
corresponding secretary, A. C. Hart, San
Francisco; treasurer, Thomas N. Iglehart,
San Francisco.
Ing nearer the city than the ocean boule
vard. He said It was the natural way out
of the city toward San Mateo, and only
offered two Tades of any Importance, and
these two were easily negotiable.
President Adams impressed upon the
delegates present that the undertaking
was a stupendous one, confronted as they
were with uncertainty as to route and the
difficulty of securing money to bui-M the
path. He saiu the cycle dealers ought w>
.contribute liberally, as they would be the
most benefited by the improvement. Then
help should come from the Individual rul
ers and also from road houses along the
route. He diu not expect much aid, ho
said, from San Mateo people. They did
not want to get into San Francisco, but
the San Francisco people wanted to pet
out of the dry by the easiest route." He
said the i^ea w.ts not to' build a wheelway
where there was a good road already, but
to have the Supervisors of each county
set aside say six feet of the road and pass
ordinances devoting its use solely to cy
clers and pedestrians. Where the road
was already good no Improvement would
be needed. Otherwise a cinder path or
board path could be built. A route com
mittee was appointed, consisting of C. N.
Ravlin (chairman), William Muckie, J.
Cornell. Edwin Goeller. S. G. Scovern and
P. G. Montealegre. The finawes will do
looked aftcf by W. J. KennyyI. S. Allen
and Joseph Holle. E. B. Learning. T. G.
Spillane and Joseph Holle were appointed
a committee on permanent organization.
These committees will be expected to re
port in full next Tuesday night.
DENTISTS WOULD
NOMINATE THEIR
OWN STATE BODY
Do Not Favor the Present
Board of Dental Ex
aminers.
, Preparatory, to club organization a meet-
Ing of the county committee representa
tives of the '- Thirty-ninth Assembly Dis
trict—F. D." Worth, T.H. McCarthy and
A. A. Louderback— met at Saratoga Hall,
814 Geary street, last Tuesday evening. L..
A. : Gibbons was appointed temporary
Chalrman of enrollment, with Pen McKIn
ley as secretary .* Tbe roll will be opened
next Saturday evening between the hours
of 7:S0 and 9:30 o'clock and will remain
open every evening during the ensuing
week.lSttlBMHlHplMilHB«BBMB9
Political Club Organization.
.The twenty-ninth ; annual picnic of tho
Portuguese Protective and Benevolent
"Association will ; be held at Shell Mound
Park - on .the 1st > pros. 'Fine music has
been secured. for tno boat and the pavil
ion and sate and Kama prizes ..will be
Blven.TSStoa • ;¦'•"¦ -.
Portuguesa Picnic
American League Games.
<; DETROIT, June 19.— Detroit 3, Cleveland 4.
CHICAGO, June 19.— Chicago 5. Milwaukee S.
MINNEAPOLIS, Jun» 19.— Minneapolis 2,
Kansas 'CUr- 13. .
.. INDIANAPOLIS, i June • 13.— Indiana i>olU 0,
Buffalo 3.
.ST. LOUIS, June- 19.— Cincinnati made It four
straight to-day. Bt. Lou!* Is now In last place.
Attendance, 700. Score:
¦Clubs— 'i R. H. E.
Bt. Louis S 12 2
Cincinnati 7 13 I
- Batteries— Weyhing and Robinson; Hahn and
Pletz.
Clubs— • R. H. E.
Boston 4 9 ' J
Brooklyn 10 11 3
¦- Batteries— Willis and Clements; Kltson and
McGulre.
» BOSTON, *June 19.— Brooklyn outplayed Bos
ton to-day at all points and won* easily, mak
ing it fout, straight. Willis wJa very wild.
Attendance, 2500. Score:
PHILADELPHIA, June 13.— Philadelphia was
unable to hit Mercer with an7 result. On tfte
other hand Plait pave his bayes on balls In the
Innings in which New York did its hitting. At
tendance, 4000. Score:
Clubs— ¦• R. H. E.
New York 8 10 3
Philadelphia 1 10 1
Batteries— Mercer and Warner; Plan, Conn
and McFurland
CHICAGO, June 13.— To-tfay^s irame between
Chicago and PHtsburg was probably the great
est exhibition of clever pitching, fine fielding;
snd grreat all-round playing of the league sea
son this year.] But twelve hits -were made In
the fourteen innings, and only two misplays,
both excusable, marred the sharp flsldln?.
Wad-iell struck out an even dozen of the locals,
but gave eight passes, while Griffith f&naed
seven and allowed but one walk— after two outs
In the fourteenth. Cl'.njcman was given his
b*se and Griffith wen his own garro with a
two-base hit to left. Attendance, 1230. Sccre:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Chicago 17 1
PitUburg: 0 5V
Batteries— Griffith and Nichols; 'Wadden and
Schrlver.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. | Clubs— • "W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn 30 16 .632 Boston 21 24 .467
Philadelphia.*) 17 .KB Cincinnati -.20 26 .«3
Chicago 23 23 .473 'New York... .10 25 .432
Plttsburc ....21 27 .471 St. Louis 20 27 .428
Passes Philadelphia in the Bace for
the Pennant.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
BR00XLY2J" LEADS.
STEAMER JOHN S. K1MBALL MAKING PORT.
JOHN HOLT>ERSBACH Is violent In
his love making if the allegations
contained in a suit liled In the Su
perior Court against him by Mrs.
Albert Hirt of €13 Valencia street are true.
He strained her so hard to his heart that
one of her ribs was Lroken and for the
pain and permanent Injury she suffered
and the shame- of being taken In the arms
of a man other than nor husband against
her will Fhe asks that Holdersbaeh pay
her the sum cf $5000 and reimburse her to
the extent of $100 spent In doctors' bills.
Albert Hirt joins his wife in the com
plaint, which was filed with the County
Clerk yesterday by Attorney M. H. Was
cenwitz and C. M. Je:ir.inss. The com
plaint recites that the defendant visited
the home of the Hlrts on the afternoon of
September 24. 1STO, presumably for the
purpose of making a friendly call. Mrs.
Hirt pays she was alone at the time and
while pleasantly chatting with her guest,
who was an old friend, >ihe was suddenly
seized by him about the waist "with great
force and violence," as the complaint
avers, "and apainst nor will, protest, re
sistance >and outcry." Defendant proceed
ed to "hug her with great and irresistible
strength and violence two or more times,
breaking one of her ribs and greatly stun
r.lng, shocking- and bruising her body,"
complaint continues, and causing her
sreat bodily and mental pain, resulting
in nervous prostration.
Because Mrs. Hirt is alleged to have
been prevented from attending to 'her
household duties and on account of the
mental and bodily pain she suffered she
asks Judgment against the defendant in.
the sum of $3100.
Mrs- Albert Hirt Sues Him for $5000 for
Injuries Received When He Hugged .
Her Too Violently. .
-
John Holdersbach May Have to
Pay Out Hard Coin ferr Some
Stolen Sweets.
HER RIBS BROKEN
BY HIS SQUEEZES
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20, 1900.
PHOTOGRAPHER L W. TABER.
EDITOR CALL: I havo read with Interest The Call's Home Study f or Am*t
teur Photographers and have noticed how widespread. and deep Is the in
terest in photography and the- growing disposition among all classes ' to
acknowledge its, proper position among the arts, I well- remember. when
It was Eefdom, alluded to by. the daily press; but! thoi past few years photo
graphic literature, the formation of societies and tho earnest study of the prin
ciples of «rt by our professional photographers have produced such wonderful
advances that photography la being assigned. Its ;truo place and everything
connected with It; even to; methods and manipulatory details, Is ; deemed of
public Interest. '.- 1 think It commendable for The Call, to devote h, space in Its
valuable columns. to assist, and encourage tho amateurs In this beautiful. art.
It is fascinating to both old and young and strengthens the love for nature.
Very truly, I. W. TABBR.
11
The largest wooden steamer ever built on this coast.
ADVZSTISEirZIITS.
"sehtIbeetp" men s
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages cf a ir.cst reir.ark-
cble remedy are beins mailed to all who
•»1U write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bct-
tlt-d for years acainst the mental and
physical euffcrine of lost manhood that
the institute has decided to distribute
free trial yackaires to all who write. It
la a home treatment, and ail myi who
seller with any form of sexual weakness
re«ulti^K from youthful folly, premature
loss ot };!ren;rln r.nd memory, weak back,
varicocc-le or fmaclatlon of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a pcru!!nrly prateful
rffect oi warmth anil seems to act direct
to the <>sire-d location, giving strength
end development just where it is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come fr-jm y^ars cf misuse of the nat-
ural functions ard has been an absolute
success in &si cases. A request to tha
State Helical Institute. 22S Elektron
fcuildinp. Fort Wayne. Ind.. statins that
you desire or.e of their free trial pack-
apes will bo. compiled with promptly. The
Institute fs rfpsirous of reaching that
preat clars of men who are unable to
leave horn* to lx» treated, and the- free
rample will f-r.alilf them to see how easy
it Is f» be cured tl f sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Inetitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who write* will be sent a free sample,
carefully scaled In a plain packape. 63
that Its recJpi*-Et r.ewi have no fear of
?•mbarrasEment or publicity. Readers are
requested tn writ* without delay.
MVfsem pills,
T^LfrVSAFE. *i«»« pi-:i»i..« Lo4Jc». ... Dnrrfrt-.
/Ml E~&L fjt CHicaKSTEivtj j.nglxsh
Tn * ?P * V&J **c%-«r.o« •tnbc-Jiutloua **& intlUf I
/ , tji tlam*. By cf yo«r nnvjt.t. cr wal 4f . •¦
\ V* , f? **"* -Roller for UiUm," (n ittttr, bj w i
„ r-^{" *" kniKw". , <"«»«che«t*r Chemical C-l I
MARKET s£s£^§a§^
JS89Q |Tfr fp9|
I *
EVER PUD.
Fifteen years ago Mr.
George Gooderham, of
Toronto, took out
i>-Year Endowment
Policy No. 289,421 for
5100,000, in the Equit-
able Life Assurance So-
ciety, paying an annual
premium of §8,382.
Now his policy has ma-
tured and shows the
following results :
I
Cash,
$150,847.'
2-
Paid=up
Assurance,
$210,000./
3—
Annuity
for Life,
$20,320.
At the same time Mr.
Gooderham took out
a policy of the same
kind for the same
amount and with the
same premium, in an-
other company ; the
cash return on which
was $15,000 less than
on the Equitable policy.
Here is what Mr.
Gooderham says of his
results :
"I' have always been a"
"strong advocate of En-"
"dowment Insurance, and"
"about the time I took"
"your policy for $100,000"
"I placed $400,000 of En-"
"dowment policies on my "
" life in eight different com-"
"panies. Of this amount"
"$310,000 has already ma-"
"tured. 1 have lived to see"
"the result and to know"
"what it means. These"
"results realized by the"
"Equitable are larger and"
" more satisfactory than "
"any result ever realized "
"by me on any of my pol-"
"icies which have matured"
'* to date. I may say that"
"they'a re quite satisfactory,"
"and that no company"
"has ever done so well"
"for me.'*- r
—Strongest in the World—
THE
Life Assurance
Society
OF THE UNITED STATES.
Every Policy Protected by
$61,000,000 0! Surplus.
Essrssli 3 bub of eiir»:t)r who itain
to rejrtssat tht t.:iiij address
Ag.n:y : CiUfersii. Ksvadi aai
Eiviim Isl*a is. '
A. M. SHIELDS, Manager.
EDWIN CKAHEB, Caaiirr.
Crocier Bnildiaf 8an TrutdMs, Cu.WHEAT FREIGHTS— The charter ; of the
Musselcrag by Epplnger, & Co. at 40s takes* the
last disengaged wheat ship In port. Last year
at this time the disengaged . tonnage amounted
to 22,800 tons. The chartered wheat fleet. in port
has a registered tonnage of 24,871,' against 25,000
tons on the same date last year. The tonnage
on the way to this port Is 192,872, against 196,-
SS2 last year. >.-:;¦' -V- ; ¦¦ • ¦¦--¦'
, WHEAT— Liverpool ¦ and Paris futures were
both higher. London cables reported the crop
in France as . ' showing rapid improvement,"
owing to-warm and moist weather, with the
plant still growing and blooming. . The German
outlook - Is still . favorable, the : weather being:
reasonable and warm, ' with ¦ great benefit • from
showery ¦ weather. 1 • ¦'•: - .''-•-" ¦ • . .- ¦ • . •'
Chicago bobbed about between 77%3>78%o,
with the general feeling weak, owing to show
ery'conditions in; the Northwest. There were
more buyers than, sellers at :78c. Liberal sales
by Cudahyand Patten, weakened the situation.
There was profit . taking on an extensjve j scale,*
owing to the showers in the Northwest, but the
weakness was thought: to be, merely temporary. -.
¦ The local spot - market advanced, t but futures,
remained' about .- the ¦ same.' ¦ ; "
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $l@101U; milling,
$1- 02%@l 05 per ctl. - •"
CALL : BOARD SALES.
¦ Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— Decemtwr-^4000
Continued on Pag« Fifteen.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday. June II.
Br stznr Doric, Smith, 27 day* from Hong
gon. via Yokohama 17 days, via Honolulu T
days.
Tuesday. June 13.
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea. 70 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. 57 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridgett. 58 hour* from.
Ventura.
Stmr Scotia. Walvig. 20 hours from Usal.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. 82 hours from
Comox. B C.
Ship S D Carleton. Amesbury, 17 days from
Kahulut.
Br ship King David. Pryde, 48 days from Aca
pulco.
Br ship Port Elgin, Hand. 60 days from New
castle, NSW.
Schr Sadie, Smith. 7% days from Cmpqusi
River.
Haw bark Santiago. Engalis, 23 day* from
Wheat and Other , Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — ' $4 S5%
Sterling Exchange, sight — , I 4 S3»4
Sterling CableBr..... — 4 89.
New York Exchange, sight....'... — ', ,'¦ 10 ¦
• New York Exchange, telegraphic : — ' 12%
Fine Silver, per ounce....... — 60%
Mexican Dollars 4S% 49
Exchange and Bullion.
THE STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 19— The liquidation of
Btocka was rather decisively checked to-day
and as was to be expected after the consider
able decline of yesterday and -Saturday there
was a aufadent demand from outside shorts to
accomplish a rally In prices. There was no
evidence of any buying outside this narrow
professional circla and the demand .dwindled
away to practically nothing as prices rose
en enlarging fraction over last night's level.
The room traders turned to the long elde and
attempted to bid up prices against the shorts,
but they met very Blight success and a late
break In the New York traction stocks caused
a reaction all around and wiped out pretty
much all of th» early gains. The Belling
through commission houses, which was the
most striking evidence of weakness in yester
day's market, indicating as lt did the letting
fro of stocks by third Investment holders, was
on a small ecale to-day. Selling orders of this
character caused reaction after the opening
rise in sympathy with London and the bears
started to put' out short Unee. But they soon
detected the cessation of liquidation. The large
borrowing demand for stocks last night had
**rved as a warning to the bears that the
short Interest was becoming rather unwieldy
end they foITbwed London's example and
started to cover. The market then fell back
Into Its purely professional character and
drifted rather aimlessly for the rest of the
(Jay. net changes being. flight. The steel group
was Jncjlned to weakness, with the exception
of Federal Steel, which was firm on expecta
tion of dividend action on the common this
afternoon. Union Pacific, both common and
preferred, end Pacific Mall showed notable
rtrength. The cessation of liquidation seems
to have been caused by a revised estimate of
the motive of the strength In the wheat mar
ket, additional importance being given to the
fears of European complications over China
and less apprehension being felt over the crop
situation. - The fact that foreigners were cell
ing somewhat In this market to-day did not
•term to affect this feeling. Growing atten
tion Is being paid to the money market out
look in view of the shipment of gold to Ger
many to-day anfl the Intention to make further
rhipments to France on Thursday. It l«-felt
that thin drain on New York's low level of
purplus reserves. Joined to domestic conditions,
rnuet have an early effect on the local mone>
market. The demand from Berlin Is said to
be for the purpose of meeting the need of the
semi-annual settlements on July 1. This would
leave a short period for the continuance of the
demand. The Bank of England lost gold to
Germany to-day and a symptom of It* dis
satisfaction was the rising of the price of gol&
New York Stock Market.
CHICAGO, June 19.— The wheat market
opened to-day nervously and remained In that
condition throughout the day. In the North
west while there 'were some, rains the situa
tion was unchanged. Southwestern sections
sent in some favorable advices and bears
called attention to the unresponsive attitude
of foreign markets ' to advance. The French
crop was also reported to have derived some
benefit from seasonable weather. July wheat
opened %c to %c under yesterday at 78%c to
78c, and rallied sharply to 79&c under the In
fluence of good gains at Minneapolis and Du
luth. Over 7»e, however, there were millions
of bushels for sale and under enormous pres
sure from longs combined with some Blacken
ing in the demand, July broke from the top
to 77c. On the dip sold-out bulls and ' others
bought and the outside demand showed some
thing; of Its form, causing a rally to 78%c.
Again the bulls were unable to bold their po
sition and July broke to 77%c, closing l%@l^ic
under yesterday at 77ftc.
¦Corn, while quiet, . was steady. July closed
%@<4c lower at 3SKc ' •
In oats trade was largely a matter of chang
ing July and September. The close was %c
under yesterday at 23%c for July. . •
Provisions were dull. The market opened
steady, but eased off on moderate liquidation.
Hog receipts were light, but the ' market felt
the wheat break. July pork closed 2%c down
and lard and ribs each lost 6c.
The leading futures ranged as follows;
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
June' .'•... .... .... 76%
July , 78% 79% 77 77%
August 79% 80% 78 78%
Corn No. 2— •
June.. 39% 40% 89% 89%
July : S9% ' .40% 39% i 89%
August ....I... 40% 40% 40 : 4Q&
Oats No. 2— ''
June.... 23% 23% ,23 23%'
July 23% 23% 23 23%
August 23 23% 22% 23
Mess Pork, per barrel — :'•-'
July .......11 50 1162% 1142% 1147%
September 11 70 U 70 11 60 ,11 65 :
Lard, per 100 pounds — f'<
July 6 70 ,6 70 6 62% 6 62%
September .......... « 80 ' 6 80 6 72% 6 75
October ........:... 6 80 6 80 6 75 -6 77%
Short Ribs, per 1C0 pounds— '• .;¦•'¦'
July 6 72% 6 75- 6 67% 6 67%
September 6 SO .6 82% 6 72% , 6 75
Cash i quotations were . as '.follows: :. Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 72@75c; No. .2 red
80<@81c;. No. 2 corn,. 40@40%c; No.~ 2 yellow, 40®
40%c; No. 2 oats. 23%c: No. -2 white. 25%@27c;
No. 3 white, 23%©26%c ; good • feeding barley,
S8c; ralr to choice malting, 41045c; No.' 1 flax
seed, $1 SO; No. 1 Northwestern, ; $1 80; ' prime
timothy seed, $2 55; f: mesa,-' pork,; 'per barrel,'
TO SAIL
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of ths
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column gives the second tld* of
the day. the third time column the third tlds
and the last or right hand column gives tho
last tide of the day, except when there are but
thre« tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
wh»i. a minus sign ( — > precedes the hetsM.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference i* the mean of the low»r low water*.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Powt, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. JUNE 20
NEW YORK, June 19.— The market for
metals developed considerable weakness to
day under a declining tendency abroad. Pig
Iron warrants eased off some 25 points In sym
pathy with lower cables, closing unsettled and
nominally quoted at $14 25. Tin was. again
easier under continued selling pressure due to
the large receipts. 1 The close was easy at
$30 15@30 33. Spelter ruled weak and partially
lower at $4 17%#4 22%. Lead -was unsettled but
unchanged at *3 72%<g'3 77%. Lake copper ruled
very dull at unchanged prices, $16 50. The
brokers' price for lead was $3 60 and for cop
per $16 50.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@20c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
New York Metal Market.
The market for evaporated apples ruled
rather quiet, but about steady at nominally
unchanged prices. California dried fruits were
Inactive and nominal.
STATE" EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4%"g5c; prime, 5%@6c; choice, 6%@7c; fancy,
7%G8c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%@7c per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 12%@14c; Moorpark. 15
©18c.
DRIED FRUITS,
NEW YORK, June 19.— FLOUR— Receipts,
21,400 barrels; exports, 39,000 barrels; still quiet,
with buyers and sellers 15@20c apart on spring
patents and 10c on winter straits; winter
patents, $3 85@4 85; winter straits, $3 6i©3 SO;
Minnesota patents, $4 10@4 40; winter extras,
VI C3£3 10.
WHEAT— Receipts. 173.900 bushels; exports,
233,000 bushels; spot easy; No. 2 red, SSVtc t. o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red. S5c elevator. Options
opened weak under foreign selling and unsatis
factory cables, rallied on covering and North
west crop news, but later broke again under
general outside covering, supplemented by ru
mors of more liberal new wheat arrivals at
St. Louis and good rains in the Northwest;
closed weak at lCfl%c net decline; July, 81%<§>
82%c, closed at S2c; September, S2S84%c, closed
at 83c; December, S3»4®S5c, closed at 83%c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy; mild, quiet; the
market for futures closed steady at unchanged
prices to 10 points decline; the total sales were
14.730 bags. Including July. J7 10@7 15; August.
$7 15; October, $7 10; November. $7 20; Decem
ber, $7 35; March, 17 65@7 60; May, $7 70.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fine, steady.
BUTTER— Steady; creamery, extras, 16ig l 19c;
factory. 13%@16c.
EGGS— Firm; Western, loss off, 13%@14%c;
Western, at mark. 10®10Hc. «
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
June 13. 1300.
TJie time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKIX3,
Lieutenant Commander. IT. S. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
Cloudy and threatening weather prevails over
the northern portion of the P&clnc slope and
fiiir over the eouthern. Rain has fallen over
Washington and Oregon, . being quite heavy
• lor.g the coast, Aetoria reporting over an Inch
In the last J2 hours.
The pressure has fallen In all districts.
The temperature has risen slightly west of
the Rooky Mountains and is generally above
the normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 89 hour*
ending midnight June 20, 1900:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday, except
fhowers on the extreme northwest coast and
fog along the central coast; fresh west wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada — Cloudy and aomewhat threatening
Wednesday.
Utah — Generally cloudy 'Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday,
with fog ia the morning and at right; fresh
west wind. O. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
(12Cth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 19, 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka €6! San Luis Oblspo 92
Independence H Los Angeles 84
Sacramento SO, Red Bluff SS
IVesno 102 Mount Tamalpais 7S
f-en Diego 68
Sa.n F"racclseo data — Maximum temperature.
€'; minimum, 54; mean, 66.
tVEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Weather Report.
For China, £30 eks Shrimp Shells. 6 eks
Dried Fish. 100 cs Whiskey. 3 Bicycles, 93
cavke Bottled Beer.
For Mar.ila, 2 cs Stationery, 1 Carriage, 2000
cs Evaporated Cream.
For japan. 1410 bbls Flour, 294 rkgs Tea, 20
bbls Oak Extract, 240 crs Bicycles, SS.OOu ft
Lumber. 14 pkgs Electrical Goods.
The steamer Carlisle City cleared yesterday
for Hongkong via Yokohama with a cargo val
u<"(5 as follows: For Japan, J14.7S6; for China,
$4412; for- Manila. $12,3:S: total value, $21,526.
Among the principal shipments were the fol
lowing :
Merchandise for Japan and China.
For Central America, 6000 lbs Rice, 106 bbls
Flour, 26 bars Iron, 64 cs Railroad Material,
18 cs Groceries and Provisions, 22 cs Hardware,
15 ce Oil. 12 cs Canned Goods, 5 pkfrs Paste, 9
ore Onions, 70 cc Coal Oil, 26 pkgs Mill BtuSs,
10 cs Candles, SO0 lbs Lard, 5 kegs Nails!
An additional manifest has been reported for
the City cf Para, which cleared Monday for
Panama ar.il way ports, valued at $10,3S6. The
adSitlon Included tbe following: *
For Mexico, 10 kegs Gunpowder, 2 pkgs Arms
and Ammunition, S crs Stoves, 42 cs Oil, 16
pkgs Groceries and Provisions, 12 pkgs 90 pes
Iron 6 crs 9 pes Steel, 143 cs Hardware, 1S1
jrkgs Pipe. 11 bdls Packing. 12 cs Grease, 5 cs
Pclson. «* cr* Potatoes, ex rolls Wire, 10
drums Caustic Soda.
An Additional Manifest.
The British bark Eaton Hall cleared yester
day for CaJlao, with 68.499 ctls Wheat, valued
at $57,000. and 17,000 ft Lumber Dunnase, val
ue $^5. Total value 157.^5.
Wlieat Shipment.
Import! of specie at this port during the
first five months cf the year amount to $5,965,-
E62. against S9.160.C37 for the same time in
1S99, the descriptions being as follows: Gold
bullion, HCS.690; gold coin, J4.S31.237; silver
bullion. JS67.216: silver coin, 1135.692; treasury
notes, $2,627. The leading sources were: Mex
ico, 11.076.727; Australia. J978.930; Japan, $3,542,
::•!; Hawaiian Islands. S3C9.140.
Imports of Specie.
The Port Elrin loads wheat and barley for
Queenstown for orders at 37s 3d, prior to ar
rival.
Tn» Aberyetwlth Castle loads redwood at
Eureka for Sydney.
The MuEselerag is chartered for wheat to Eu
rope, by Epplnger & Co. at 43s.
The King David loads wheat and barley for
Queenstown for orders at SSs 9d, prior to ar
rival.
Charters.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— _„ Bid.
1,600 Atchison f. 24%
20.900 Atchison prefd 'OH
9.030 Baltimore & Ohio +7»
Canadian Pacific 90
300 Canada Southern «9
LtuO Chesapeake & Ohio 25?,
l.SW Chicago Great Western 10
1S.250 Chicago. Burlington & Qulncy ....124%
Chicago Ind & Louis 20
300 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd.. 5u%
Chicago & E 111 98
1,320 Chicago & Northwestern 157%
7.125 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific... 104%
700 C C C & St Louis 66
200 Colorado Southern 6
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42
Colorado Southern 2nd pfd 16
1S7 Delaware & Hudson' U<Hj
100 Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. 177
400 Denver & Rio Grande 17
113 Denver & Rio Grande pfd 65Vi
Erie 11
200 Erie 1st pfd 32%
1.0C0 Great Northern pfd 15
100 Hocking Coal 13
610 Hocking Valley 34%
420 Illinois Central 11%
400 Iowa Central 1"%
300 Iowa Central pfd 45
Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 16
Lake Erie & Western 2S
Lake Erie & Western pfd J2
Lake Shore 20S%
4,845 Louisville & Nashville 75
3.S05 Manhattan L 66
6.440 Metropolitan St Ry 127%
1,606 Mexican Central 11%
320 Minneapolis Ac St Louis 45%
Minneapolis & St Louis pfd 88
11,400 Missouri Pacific 4S»i
Mobile & Ohio 36
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10
830 Missouri Kan & Texas pfd 29%
. 1,010 New Jersey Central 120
1.460 New York Central 12S»4
1,435 Norfolk & Western 31%
Norfolk & Western pfd 76
40,500 Northern Pacific 61*4
£33 Northern Pacific pN 72%
3,500 Ontario & Western 18%
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd.. 76
6,761 Pennsylvania .." 127
400 Reading 16
COO Reading 1st pfd 55%
220 Reading 2nd pfd 26%
Rio Grande Western 56
Rio Grande Western pfd 68
100 St Louis & San Francisco 8%
St L & San Francisco 1st pfd..-. 67
200 St L & San Francisco 2nd pfd 31%
S06 St Louis Southwestern 9
2,330 St Louis Southwestern pfd 22%
23.470 St Paul 11%
St Paul pfd 171
St Paul & Omaha IIS
15,020 Southern Pacific 31%
2.S50 Southern Railway 10%
2.C50 Southern Railway pfd '. B0%
615 Texas & Pacific 14%
12.S75 Union Pacific 50%
1,365 Union Pacific pfd 71%,
Wabash 7%
1,070 Wabash pfd 18%
840 Wheeling & Lake Erie 8
437 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2nd pfd ...... 25%
V.iF.onsin Central 14
Express Companies^ —
Adams * 117
American 150
United States 45
Wells Fareo 118
Miscellaneous — V.
SSO American Cotton Oil 30
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
American Malting 3
600 American Malting prefd 20
1.700 American Smelting & Refining 26
450 American Smelting & Refining pfd. 89
American Spirits 2*.;
....... American Spirits prefd 17
600 American Steel Hood ig
American Steel Hoop prefd 66
4.570 American Ste*-1 £: Wire 31
225 American Steel & Wire prefd 71%
865 American Tin Plate 18V4
100 American Tin Plate prefd 73
7,514 American Tobacco , ?S}4
American Tobacco prefd 123
Anaconda Mining Co 3'1'i
11.5*5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 64
1,460 Colorado Fuel & Iron 80%
2,015 Continental Tobacco 23 .
SCO Continental Tobacco prefd 77U
6.370 Federal Steel 31%
CIO Federal Steel prefd ...; 63%
COO General Electric .....'. 130
....... Glucose Sugar 46
Glucose Sugar prefd 98
920 International Paper 23
210 International Paper prefd 64%
Loclede Gas 73
400 National Biscuit 28
110 National Biscuit prefd 79%
National Lead 19
100 National Lead prefd 95
2.C20 National Steel 24
C50 National Steel prefd 84>4
New York Air Brake 126
250 North American 15
200 Pacific Coast 48%
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 82
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 58%
1.170 Pacific Mall 27%
6,120 People's Oas 9S%
670 Pressed Steel Car 42
130 Pressed Steel Car prefd 74
100 Pullman Palace Car 173
Standard Rope & Twine -4%
19.585 Sugar 115%
Sugar prefd 113%
8.J30 Tennessee Coal & Iron 63%
1,700 United States Leather ..: s%
C70 United States Leather prefd 66H
710 United States Rubber 25%
United States Rubber prefd... 94%
490 Western Union ; go
2,025 Republic Iron & Steel 10U
1,410 Republic Iron & Steel pfd 60%
410 Third Avenue '.IOS'4
P. C. C. & St. L GO
291,430 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg,
when lilted 103
Do coupon ..103%
US2i reg 100
Do 3s reg 100
Do 3s coupon 109
Do new 4s reg... 134%
Do new 4s coup.. 134%
Do old 4s reg... .114
Do old 4s coup.. .115%
Do 5s reg Ill
Do 6s coup... 113
Diet of Col 3.65s. ..123
Atchison gen 4s. ...100%
Do adj 4s 83%
Canada 80 2ds 106 1
Ches & Ohio 4%s.. 89
Do 6s 116
Chi & N con 7s.... 143
Do S F deb 5s. ...117%
Chicago term 4s.'.. 95
Colorado So 4s S5
D & R G lsts 103
Do 4s.... 9314
E T V & O lstS...lC3i4
Erie gen 4s 70
F W &. D C lsts... 70%
M K A T 2ds. ...... 66
Do 4s; %
NYC 18U.........11U4
N J C gen 5b 121%
N Pacific 3s 66%
Do 4s... ...103%
N Y C & St L 4s.. 106
N & W con 4s...... 97
Or Nav Uts 109
Do 4s 102
Or Short Line 6s.. 127%
Do con 6s..'.. ....11414
Reading gen 4s.... 87%
ROW lsts... 100
St L & I M con 6s. 110%
St L & S F gen 6s.l25
St Paul cons ...170.
St P C & P lsts... 119%
Do 6s............. .120%
S Pacific 4s........ 79U.
So Railway 6s 110%
Stand R & T 6s... 6S
Tex & Pac lsts 112
Do 2ds .-..¦.'.. 55
U Pacific 4s........ 106
Wabash - lsts.....-..H3\i
Do 2ds. .....;... ..101%
NEW YORK STOCK LIST,
% of a penny an ounce. The price of American
eagles was at the same time advanced half
a penny an ounce, raising the question whether
the British institution Is to Join In the de
mands being made on New York for gold, with
the sab-treasury Just now making heavy dis
bursements on account of pensions, which have
been sufficient since Friday to offset the pay
ments made by the banks for the gold ex
ports. But the $5,000,000 Government deposits
called in by the Government are due next
Monday and no part of the installment has
yet been paid by the banks. Meantime New
York exchange at Chicago fell from 30c to 20c
premium. Indicating a decline in the flow of
currency from the interior to New York.
The bond market was dull and prices went
lower. Total sales, par value, $1,275,000.
United States new 4s declined % and the
old 4s and os Vi In the bid price.
LONDON, June 19.— Consols, 100 13-16; silver,
27% d ; French rentes, lOOf . Wheat cargoes
on passage, selling at advance of Is; cargoes
No. 1 Standard California, 29s 6d; cargoes
Walla Walla, 28s 9d; English country markets,
firm. . . ...
LIVERPOOL, June 19.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in - Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; French
country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 6 l-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 9d;
No. 1 California. 6a 2d@6s 4%d. Futures, firm;
July, 6s l%d; September, 6s ITad; December,
nominal.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, 4s; old,
steady, 4s 3d.. Futures, steady; July, 3s ll&d;
September, 4s %d.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, Wash., June 19.— Wheat market
quiet and unchanged. Bluestem, 67c; club, 55c;
both for export.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, Or.. June 19.— The failure of the
Liverpool market to respond to the strength In
Chicago had a decidedly unsatisfactory effect
upon the local market and the business was
of rather small proportions. Fifty-six cents for
Walla Walla seems to be the best figure that
can be traced to a reliable source, with some
of the exporters declining to go above 65c, Val
ley U easy at 65c.
Cleared — British bark Argua for Queenstown,
with £5,392 bushels of wheat.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or., June 19. — Clearings. $301,
796; balances, $30,704.
Portland's 'Business.
BOSTON, June 19.— The demand for wool con
tinues slow with prices nominal. Bida on lots
of fine territorial with staple out were made
during the week on, the scoured basis of EOc,
but the offers did not tempt holders. For
choice lota of fine medium and fine with staple
in the price Is about 63c and 65c, while staple
lots are quoted at 67@5Sc scoured. Fleece wools
continue slow and sales meager, with prices
nominal. \ ¦
Boston Wool Market.
NEW YORK, June 19.— The cotton market
started to-day with prices one point lower to
one point higher and for a time moved scarce
ly a hair's breadth. Better weather and
strong late English cables subsequently
brought about a sharp upward movement which
carried August to 8.3Sc an* January to 8.60c.
Later under the alarming war news from the
far east August fell to 8.30c and January to
8.55c. The close was quiet and steady, one
point higher to ten points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
CHICAGO, June 18.— CATTLE— Receipts, 8500;
steen generally steady; butchers' stock active;
steady prices. Natives— Best on sale to-day,
four carloads at $5 50; good to prime steers,
$5 10@5 SO; poor to medium, $4 60@5; selected
feeders, choice firm; others, firm, $4 20#5;
mixed and stockers, slow, $3 6O@4; cows, 13^
4 60; heifers, $3 10@5 10; canners, firm. $2 33@3;
bulls, slow, 10@15c lower. $3@4 30; calves, 25c
lower than last week, $5@6 85. Texans — Re
ceipts, 700; best on sale to-day, two carloads
at $4 70; Texas fed steers, active; Texas grass
steers, $3 75@4 35; Texas bulls, slow, S3@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 15,000; to-morrow,"
33,000, estimated: left over, 2500; active, 6c
higher: top. $5 20; mixed and butchers, $5 050
6 30; good to choice heavy, $5 20<g"5 30; rough
heavy, $5 05®5 15; light, $5 10@5 30; bulk of
sales, $5 20@5 25.
SHEEP— Receipts, 12.000; sheep and lambs,
good to choice, steady; common and medium,
slow; good to choice wethers, S4 75Q'5 25; fair
to choice mixed, $3 SOS'S 50; Western sheep,
$4 50@5 15;. yearlings, $5@6 75; Western lambs,
$6@6 75; clipped Colorado lambs, - $7; Bprlng
lambs. $5@7 25.
Chicago Livestock .Market.
BOSTON, June 19.— Apricots— Royal, single
crates, $l 05®l 25. average $1 10. Plums—Cly
man, single crates. 90cS$l 35, average $1 10.
Prunes— Tragedy, single crates, $2 S0@3, average
$2 92. ' Cherries— Royal Anne, boxes. 80c@$l 7a,
average $1 40; BIgarreau. 50c@$l 20, average
81c; Tartarian, 25c©$l 20. average 69c. Four
cars sold to-day. Weather favorable.
NEW YORK June 19.— Porter Bros. Company
sales California fruit: Prunes— Tragedy. $1 S5@
2 30 single crates; Simoni, $1 45@1 65. Plums—
Burbanka, 95c@$2 80 single crates; Abundance.
U 20@l 70; Red _June, $1 15@1 20: Clymans, 55c
&n 15; Klondike, $115; St. Catherine. 60<S80c;
Royal Hetive 50@75c. Pears— Colonel Wilder,
Jl 50 half box. Apricots— Royals, 70c@$l 45;
Montgamets. $1 20@l 40. Cherries— Royal Anne;
50c® $1 45; Republicans. $1@1 65; Tartarlans.
30c«$Jl 40; Blgarreau, 45c@$l OS: Centennial, 90c.
Peaches— Hale' s Early, 70c@$l 20; Alexander,
60c©$l 15.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Apricots— Royals,
80c@$l 35 single crates. Plums— Burbanks, 35c
@$2 05; tClymans, 60c@$l 20 single crates.
Prunes— Tragedy, $1 60®2 40 single crates.
Cherries— Royal Anne. 70c@$l 65 box; Tartar
lans, So@35c.
CHICAGO, June 19.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Apricots— Sparks Mam
moth, average $1 35 single crates. Peaches —
Alexanders. $1 05@l 20 box. Plums — Clymans,
65c@$l 45 single crates. Prunes— Simoni, $1 25
@1 65 single crates; Tragedy, $1 80Q2 15. Cher
ries—Royal Anne, 85c(g$l 30 box; BIgarreau,
95c#$l 40: Tartarians. 40c@$l 10.
Porter Bros. Company sales: Prunes — Tragedy.
$2®2 50 single crates. Peaches— Hales, $1 15<fi
2 10 box and $1 single crate; Alexander, $1 06®
1 60 box; Garland, $1. Plums— Burbanks, $1 15
@1 65 6lngle crates; Abundance, $1 55; Clymans,
90c@$l 25; Red June. $1 20 single crate and COc
box. Cherries — Tartarians, 20c©$l 25; Royal
Anne, 56c£?$l 15; BIgarreau, 65c@$l 10; Oregons,
95c; Centennial, 40S60c.
CHICAGO. June 19.— Apricots— Spark's Mam
moth, single crates, .average $1 35. Peaches —
Alexander, boxes, $1 05@l 20, average $1 15.
Plums— Clyman, single crates, 65c@Sl 45, aver
age,, $1 17. Prunes— Simon!, single crates. $1 25
©1 65, average $1 51: Tragedy, $1 80@2 15, aver
age $2 04. Cherries— Royal Anne, boxes. 85cO
$1 30, average $1 17; BIgarreau. 95c@$l 40, aver
agge $115; Tartarian, 40c@$l 10, average 87c.
Favorable weather. Six cars sold to-day. .
* _ , ___ , ¦ ; ; ;*
The Earl Fruit Company's sales of California
fruit it auction to-day were as follows:
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ¦ • July. Sept.
Opening 6 2 6 2
Closing... 6 1% C1T4
PARIS.
Wheat — June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 45 22 00
Closing ..'... 20 65 22 05
Flour-
Opening :......... 27 80 29 00
Closing 27 85 29 05
*— —H~— *
Turpentine marked down 4c per gallon.
Wheat continues to advance. Wheat ships scarce.
Flour rising in sympathy with Wheat
Barley steady. A'czv Oats arriving from the Sacramento Valley.
Corn dull, but held higher. Rye steady. x
Beans in moderate demand and unchanged. Seeds dull.,
Hay rather quieter and easier. Bran advanced.
Potatoes and Onions in free supply.
Butter and eggs topheavy and dull. Cheese steady.
Poultry easy, but not in oversupply.
Bartlett Pears appeared from the river.
Peaches firm and Apricots steady.
Nothing nezv in dried fruit.
Provisions weak as before quoted.
Hop crop looking less favorable.
Wool very dull.
Hides and Tallow very weak and accumulating.
Meat Market stands the same.
Decreased imports of specie.
New York Grain and Produce
Atchison, 25%; Canadian Pacific, 93%; Union
Pacific preferred, 74%; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 75; Grand Trunk, 6%; Anaconda, 8%.
Bar silver, firm, 279*d per ounce. Money, 101%
per cent.
« i *
CLOSING
NEW YORK, June 19.— Ths Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: The
Chinese situation continued to depress all the
markets here, though In the afternoon there
were some signs of a recovery on a rumor that
the powers had aEked Japan to undertake the
taek of dealing with the Chinese. London
bought American stocks on this report. When
New York, after opening lower and hesitating
finally followed the London lead, prices rallied
a good deal and the close here was at the b&st.
Copper shares were weak on selling by Berlin
and Paris. Discounts were firm at 2%. Money
was easy. The Bank of England sold £199,000
gold in German coin, also £7000 for a destina
tion not stated. There was a strong demand
for gold from Germany and France, but sup
plies were meager. What there was of lt was
offered at "Cs lOd.
London Market.
WASHINGTON, June 19.— To-day's •tatement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption shows: Available cash
balance, $148,959,713; gold, $69,518,292.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. June 19.— Money on call easy
at 1%@2 per cent; last loan, 1% per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 3%®4% per cent. Sterling
exchange easy, with actual business In bank
ers' bills at $4 86!6@4 88 for demand and at
$4 S4 1 -i@4 84% for sixty days; posted rates,
$4 85%@4 SS%; commercial bills, $4 83%@4 84.
Silver certificates, 60@61c; bar silver, 60%c.
Mexican dollars, 47%c. State bonds, inactive;
Government bonds, weak; railroad bonds, easy.
MIXING STOCKS
Chiwiar 17
Crown Point 0C
Con Cal & Va 1 41}
Deadwood 43
Gould & Curry 10
Hale & Norcrs 22
Homp>.take 50 00
Iron Silver -¦ 58
Mexican 18
Ontario 6 75
Ophir 70
Plymouth 10
Quicksilver 1 50
Do. prefd 7 00
Sierra- Nevada..... 25
Standard 3 00
Union Con 15
Yellow Jacket 19
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money-
Call loans 2 @3
Time loans 2 l i1si
Stocks—
Atch •£,& St Fe... U%
Do prefd 70%
American Sugar... 115
Do prefd.. 11314
Bell Telephone 300
Boston & Albany.. 240
Boston Elevated... 137
Boston & Maine.. .192
Chi B & Q 124V4
Dominion Coal 3S
Do prefd 118
Federal Steel 31
Do prefd 64
Fitchburg prefd... 133%
Gen Electric 130
Ed Elec 111 20S
Mexican Central.. 11^
N E Gas & Coke.. 17$
Old Dominion 16"
Rubber 25%
\V Pacific 50%
West Knd P3
WeFtinghse Elec... 44
Bnnds—
JAtchlson 4s 100
N E Gas & C 6s.. 64
Mining Shares —
Adventure S
Allouez Mln Co 1
Amalg Copper 84*4
Atlantic 22M.
Boston & Mont.. ..293
Butte & Boston.... 63
Calumet & Hecla..725
Centennial i 16
Franklin IVi.
Humboldt 60
Osceola 5S%
Parrot r.SVs
Qulncy 135
St Fe Copper t%
Tamarack ISO
Utah Mining 23
Wlnona 2%
New York Money Market.
Gen Electric 5s.... 117^4
Iowa Cent lsts 112 "
K C P & G lsts... 70%
L & N unl 4s 100
West Shore 4s 115
Wls Cent lsts 90
Va Centuries 92%
Foreign Futures.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
$10 35(311 60; lard, perN 100 pounds. $6 52 l ,4@« 65;
short-rib sides (loose), $6 65©6 85; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), $6 50@6 87V4; short clear sides
(boxed), $7 15@7 25; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 23; clover, contract grade, $7 75@8.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17,000 13.000
Wheat, bushels.... .....106,000 13.000
Corn, bushels..... 601,000 308,000
Oats, bushels... ...,.,376,000 278,000
Rye, bushels... ' 7.000 1,000
Barley, bushels . 27,000 1.000
On the- Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. 14@19c: dairy. 12®
16%c. Cheese, steady, SWSWc- Eggs, slow;
fresh, 10c.
* — 1 -#
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
dozen. f, ';¦¦' ' ¦ ' " '' v' : .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
No further decline In Apricots Is announced.
Nothing Is heard about Peaches as yet. The
final success of ' the Prune Association la a
matter for congratulation,- as it will be of
Immense benefit to Prune growers all over the
State If- It ia intelligently conducted. There
is no ' reason why Prunes should be ¦ permttted
to sell below a fair price. .
There is a fair demand for Honey at steady
Pr DVUED FRUITS-Old crop— Prunes, In sacks
4ff4Vic for 40-50' s. 3^©3%c for M-60*s. 3%@3Hc for
60-70's, 3&SY4.0 for 70-*0's. 2T4<RSc for S0-90's and
294®2%c for SO-100's. Peaches. 4H@4*ic for Stand
ards. 5c for choice and 5%ig6c for fancy; Peeled
Peaches. 10#12Hc; Evaporated Apples, 6H@6c
sun-dried. 3@4c per Ib; Pears. 3%@4^c for dark
and 7@Sc for bright halves; Black Figs. «i@2c;
White Figs, 2@3c: Bleached _ Plums. 7%c; Tj n l
bleached Plums t 6c for pitted and lftc for ua-*
P NEW CROP— Apricots, 7tfc pe r i D here and
7c In the country. ¦ •
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached • Thompson's. ' per lb, 6c.; Sultanas—
Fancy, per lb, 8%c: choice. 7%c; standard, 6V4c
prime. 6c;' unbleached Sultanas. 6c; Seedless'
60- lb boxes. 6c; l-crown, loose Muscatels, 5%c;
3-crown,*6%c: -4-crown. 7c; London Layers, 2
crown. ?1 50 per box; • 8-crown, $1 6a . Fancy
Clusters. : $.2;'. Dehesa, $2 50; . Imperial. $3. All
prices are f . 0. b. at common . shipping points
in California, - ' , .
• - NUTS— "Vfalmit». S@9c for Standards and 9&
10c for softshells; Almonds, HH®i2c for paper
shelJ, 9@10c for soft and 4©5c for hardshelh
Peanuts, 6%@«%c for Eastern and 6c for Califor
nia;. Brazil Nuts, 7V4@8c; Filberts, 12@12*4c;
Pecans. ll®13c; Cocoanuts, $4 6005.
HONEY— Comb." 12ii@13c for bright and 110
Bartlett Pears appeared from the river, sell
ing at $1 3501 50 per box.
Peaches are scarce and firm at the good
prices, and the early crop Is turning out short.
Apricots are steady, with decreased stocks,
and the canners were obliged to advance their
bids yesterday to obtain supplies. It seems that
the canners' j combine are not getting, fruit as
low down as ¦_ was thought early in the season,
as wherever their buyers go they are followed
up by the Eastern buyers, who bid 5 per cent
over them. This is causing considerable laugh
ter among the trade.
Supplies of Plums are lighter and prices are
not as low as they have been. Figs, too. are
doing rather better. Apples are in heavy sup-
Berries continue cheap and plentiful, with
the exception of Logans, which are turning out
a short crop. '
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APRICOTS— 30®fl5c per box and crate for
RoyaU- in baskets. 15033c; In bulk. $20©40 per
ton to the trade and $IO 1 @22 50 to the canners.
APPLES — 2O«j3Oc per basket and 35@75c for
Red Astrachnns, large .boxes.
PEARS— 35@f>0c per box; In baskets, 15@25c.
PLUMB— 15@60c per box and crate and 20{j'30c
per basket: In bulk, $10@15 per ton: Cherry
Plums, 15@25c for drawers and 25<@;30c for
boxes • Tragedy Prunes; 60^75c per crate.
STR'AWBERRIES— $2 50©l per chest for
large and $2 50<3^ for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $3 50@6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 25(33 50 per chest.
LOGAN BKRRIES-M8« per chest.
CURRANTS— $2©4 per chest. ¦
FIGS— Per box, 35<350c for single and 60t£7oc
for double layers.
PEACHES— 50c@$l per box and E0®75c per
GRAPES— From Tuma, $1 50@l 75 per crate.
CHERRIKS— 35<350c Der box for black; Royal
Anne, 40® 65c -In .bulk, 2%@4VSc for black and
3@5o for Royal Anne.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings, 75c@Sl 60; Med
iterranean Sweets, $1 25@2; Valenclas, $2@2 75;
Lemons,' |1@1M lor common, and $2<S2 50 for
eood to choice; Mexican Limes, $4@5; Bananas,
|1 50® 3 per bunch; Pineapples, S3 50&4 per
Both Butter and Eggs are topheavy with ac
cumulating stocks, and tending downward.
Eegs are especially slow of sale. Cheese is
steady.
O UTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 19@19V4c; seconds,
1S@1SV4c.
Dairy— Fancy. 18c; good to choice. 16H@17^ic;
common. 14@15c.
CHEESE — New. 8@9c; Young America, 9®
8Hc: Eastern, 16@l7c: Western. I5@l6c per lb.
EGGS-Quoted at 14015^0 for store and 17®
19c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 15%@16c.
¦Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The market Is fairly steady for good, fat
stock, but everything else Is weak and In slow
demand. Only two cars have come in from the
East thus far this season.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@10c for Gob
blers and ll©13c for Hens; Geese, per nalr,"
$1(S1 25; Goslings $lfjl 25; Ducks. $3 50@<4 50 for
old and S3 50@4 50 for young: Hens. $4ff4 50:
young Roosters. $4 5CK55 50; old Roosters. $3 50®
4; Fryers. $3 5O(g>4; Broilers. $3® 3 50 for large
and $1 75@2 25 for small; Pigeons, $1 23@1 50 per
dozen for old and $131 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Supplies of all descriptions are ample and the
tone is easier all around. More Tomatoes were
received from the river.
POTATOES— Oregon Burbanks, 65@85c; New
Potatoes, 30c@$l per ctl.
ONIONS— New Red, 35@65c; Sllversklns. 85®
90c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, $1@1 50 per sack
and $1 50@l 75 per crate for Vacaville and 11 75
©2 for bay; Rhubarb, 25@75c per box; As
paragus, 50SS1 75 per box for common to choice
and $2Q2 60 for fancy large; Green Peas. $1 25
<>tl 60 per sack; String Beans, $2950; Cabbage,
40@50c; Tomatoes, 60c@$l 25; rivers, $1 75@2;
Egg Plant, 4@10c; Green Okra. 25c; Green Pep
pers, 10@15c for Chill and 25c for Bell; Dried
Peppers, 8@10c: Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Sum
mer Squash. S5@4Oc per box for Vacaville and
50@85c for Alameda; Cucumbers. $1 25@1 50 for
Alameda and 50@65o per box for Marysville;
new Garlic, 3c per lb.
Poultry and Game. :-,;';
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 85®1; small White, $3 250
3 40; large White, $2 75®3: Pink. $2 E0@2 9«:
Red. $2 50®3; Blackeye. $8 60@3 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 80@5 40; Pea. $3 40®3 50; Red
Kidneys, $4@4 60.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary. SV4c
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 2%Q3c; Hemp, 4@4Ho;
Timothy, 404V4c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 90@2 25; Green. $1 90
O2 25 per ctl.
Beans are In moderate request at unchanged
prices. Seeds continue motionless and nom
inal.
Beans and Seeds.
prices showed no change. There is a good de
mand for choice old. Bran is 50c higher, -and
Middlings are firm.
BRAN-$13@14 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17320 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $15016 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill.' $26®27; Jobbing.
$27 50©28; Cocoanut Cake. $2O©21; Corn Meal,
$25; Cracked Corn. $25 50: Mixed Feed. $15 50.
HAY— Wheat, $7 50@9 50 for common to good.
$10010 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7 50@10;
Oat, $6 60@8 60; Alfalfa. $5@7 50 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, $4 J0®6 50; Wheat,
$6 50@8; Clover, $4 50@6; Alfalfa, $5@7; Barley.
$4 £0@6 50 per ton.
BTRAW-2S@37Hc per bale.
Hay was quieter and easier yesterday, though
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Flour is very firm' in sympathy with the' rise
in wheat, and Oregon and Washington descrip
tions have advanced, but California kinds show
no change as yet. MUlstuffs are generally
firmer than they have been. •
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras,' $3 4Q@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and $3 15@3 30 for bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 50;
Oat Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $2 25>S3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $404 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 25;
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6@7 25; in sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl
Barley,- $5; Split. Peas, $5; Green Peas. $5 60 per
100 lbs. ' • • • • ; ¦ •
Flour and Millstuffs.
continued dull.
' Shippers say that the quality of shipping Bar
ley this year bids fair to be inferior, being
dark In color and light In weight. There is
no demand for shipment at present.
Feed. 67H©70c for No. 1 and 62%@63c for off
grades; Brewing and shipping, grades. 75@S0c.
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES. '
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
Ctls. 70V»c; 4000, 70c.
Second Session— No sales.
- Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The. market continues quiet and un
changed, the only feature being the arrival of
choice new red from the Sacramento Valley,
which are selling at $1 15@1 17%.
w hite, $1 10@l 30; Surprise, $1 22Vi@l 25: Red,
$1 10@l 20; Gray. $1 07&31 15; Black. $1@1 07%
per ctl.
CORN— Holders are asking rather higher
prices, but the market Is well supplied and
dull. Eastern large Yellow. $1 1501 17>4 per
ctl; Eastern White, $1 15@1 1714 per ctl: Mixed,
$1 15. " . ¦
RYE— Unchanged at S7V&C for new and 92^@
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
$108%; 4000, $1 08%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls.
$1 0SV6: 4000. $1 os%; 2000, $1 os%: 2000, $1 os%.
BARLEY— Futures fell back slightly, but spot
quotations remained unchanged. The market
ctls. $1 07%; 2000. $1 07%; 4Q0O. $1 08; 2000. $1 08%;
6000, $1 08%. . .*• . * -
Second SesBlori— December— 10,000 ctls, $1 0S%;
May— 2000, $1 13. -
Regular Morning Session— December-MOOO ctls.
FOR TUESDAY, June 19
Flour, qr sks.... 3.3dS
Wheat, ctla 8.125
Barley, ctls 1,505
Oats, ctls 840
Corn, East, ctls. 600
Corn, ctls 650
Cheese, ctls 126
Butter, ctls 453
Tallow, ctls 223
Leather, rolls .... 142
Eggs, doz 23.460
Wine, gala 40,100
Lime, bbls 300
Wool, bales us
Pelts, bndla 37
Hides, No 183
Straw, tons 13
Hay, tons 324
Bran, sks 500
Potatoes, sks .... 2,566
Onions, sks 213
Beans, sks 15s
OREGON
Flour, qr sks .... 10,619
Oats, ctls 430
Potatoes. ek» .... irr
Bran, sks 2579
Receipts of Produce.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows: Pine
ordinary sizes, $16@17; extra sizes, higher 1
Redwood, *17@18 for No. 1 and $15#16 for No 2 :
Lath, 4 feet, $3 50@4; Pickets, SIS; Shlngies
$1 75 for common and $2 73 for fancy; shakes
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $21@27!
Guatemala and Mexican — 14@17^c for prime
to fancy washed; 11%'SlZyic for strictly good
washed; ll@ll%c for good washed; 9(glO%c for
fair washed; 8@S%c for medium; 6@7* 4 c for In
ferior to ordinary; 13@14&c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 10©llc nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry: 944® 1014 c nominal
for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 2SS33c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 2fi,'R30c: Sole Leather, light,
26®2Se: Rough Leather, heavy, 27@2Sc; Rough
Leather, light, 25-'?t26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
3-7; 3Sc; Harness Leather, medium. 3O!Q37c: Har
ness Leather, light. 2O'g'35c; Collar Leather, la^
16c per foot; Kip, finished, 40@i0c per lb; Veal,
finished, 50@55c; Calf, finished, 75c<g$l 20; sides,
finished.. 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits. 14®
16c; Rough Splits, 8® 10c per lb.
OILS — California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
75c; pure, $1271 Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
77c; raw, 75c; cases, 5c more; Lard OH, extra
winter strained, barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; China
Nut, 68c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 60c: cases. 65c; Sperm, pure. 60c: WhaJe
Oil. natural white, 37^4#42 1 4c per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND BENZINE
—Water White Coal Oil, in bulk, 1214c; Pearl
Oil, in cases, lS^c; Astral Oil, in cases, lS&c;
Star Oil. In cases, lS>4c; Extra Star Oil. • in
cases, 22V4c; Elaine Oil. In cases. 23i±c; Eocene.
20Hc; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c;
Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In cases, 21c; Ben
zine, In bulk, 14%c; Benzine, In cases. 204c;
S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; S6-degree Gaso
line, in cases, 27c.
TURPENTINE: — Quoted at 63c per gallon In
cases and 63c In drums or iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7%@
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7@7%c, according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $50(351 per flask for local
use ' and $45®46 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, In 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.S0c; Powdered.
5.40c; Candy Granulated. 5.40c: Efry Granulated,
6.30c; Confectioners' A. 5.30; Magnolia A, 4.90c;
Extra C, 4.80c; Golden C. 4.70c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes, EOc more;
EO-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnoo,
half-barrels, ¦ 6.05c: boxes, 6.30c per lb.
Nicaragua — 13%@16c for prime to J fancy
washed; 9@12c for fair to strictly good washed;
8%@9^c nominal for good to superior un
washed; 10@10^c nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry.
Salvador— 10%@13c for good to prime washed;
9Vi®10\4c for fair washed; 12®13Hc for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9-%,@10%c for good to
prime semi-washed; 9?»®10Vic for superior un
washed; 9#c for good green unwashed; lO^gilc
for good to superior unwashed peaberry; 6®7?ic
nominal for common to ordinary.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14gi5%c for prime
washed; 12@13^4c for good washed; 13@14Hc for
good to prime washed peaberry; 11^4S12VaC for
good to prime- peaberry; H@13o for good to
prime; 9@10Hc for good current mixed with
black beans; 9@10%c for fair; e&SSUc nominal
for common to ordinary.
COAL— Wellington. S8 per ton; new Welling
ton. SS; Eouthneld Wellington. $S; Seattle. 16;
Bryant. J6: Coos Bay. S5 50; Wallsend. $8: Co
operative Wallsend, $3; Cumberland, $12 In bulk
and $13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthraclta
Egg. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton: Coke. $18 per
ton In bulk and $13 In sacks; Castle Gat* and
Rock Springs, $S 45 per 2000 pounds.
CANNED FRUITS-Extras In 2H-lb tins
are quoted as follows: Aprlco*cj, $1 50 for
unpeeled, $1 85 . for peeled and $1 95 for
peeled and sliced; Blackberries, SI 60; Cher
ries, $1 75 for black, SI 85 for white and S2 for
Royal Anne; Currants, SI 75; Gooseberries. SI &;
Grapes. $1 85; Nectarines, $1 50: Peaches, $1 65®
$1 75; Pears, $1 75; Plums, Jl 33@1 40; Quinces.
{165; Raspberries, SI So; Strawberries, $175.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%c; Wool Bags, 28H032Hc;
Fleece Twine. 7Hc.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hots. 6c for small. 5%05 T /io for
medium and 5H@5*f,c for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, 6^>c; dressed Hogs, 7@9c.
LAMB— Spring, 8H@9c per pound.
BEEF— 5@6&c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, frg^Ho: small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@Sc: ewes, 7S7>*c per
pound. '
San Francisco Meat Market.
Meats of all descriptions stand as before.
There Is a good supply of everything except
Hogs, which are still scarce, though Mutton is
not over plentiful.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9Vt?10c: medium. 9c; light. SHc; Cow
hides, S%;pc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. S^c; Calf,
lie; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands,
14c; Dry Kip, lie; Dry Calf. 17c; Sheep
skins. Shearlings. 20(ffi30c each; short Wool. 3o*J
60c each; medium. 70@30c; long Wool, Jl@l 25
each; Horse Hides, $1 73®2 for larffe and 75c<5>
$1 25 for small; Colts, 25<fj:30c. Deerskins—Sum
mer or red skins, 37^<3 1 4Cc; fall or medium
skins. 32Vi@35o; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat-
Eklns — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
CC-c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2.
3c; refined 5V4c: grease, 2%c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 15@16c; Northern defective. 13
eiCc: Middle County, free. 15@17c: Mlddla
County, defective, I3@15c; Southern Mountain.
12 months'. 12313c; Southern Mountain, free.
7 months'. ll'SISc; Southern Mountain, defec
tive, 7 months', 10@12c: Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 17@19c: Nevada, 14®17o per -Id.
HOPS— Nominal at 5® 10c per lb; new. S£10c.
Hops are slow and nominal. It Is reported
that s the California crop Is not looking as
well, though elsewhere the prospects are ex
cellent.
Hides and Tallow continue dull and demor
alized at the decline.
There Is nothing doing In Wool, and ar
rivals are light.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and Vic for pure; half-barrels, pure,
S£c: 10-lb tins, 9>4c; 5-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLENE— Tiertes. S?i@!i%c per lb; half
barrels, &\Q$Zic; 10-lb tins, 9%c.
Provisions.
Hams, Bacon and Lard continue to sell be
low ' cost of production in many cases, owing
to the keen local competition. The demand la
very slow.
CORED MEATS— Bacon. IO^IO^c perlb for
heavy, 10%©10*4c for light medium, lllie for
light. 12Hc for extra light and 14^c for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams. I2@13c:
Mesa Beef. J12 per bbl; extra Mess. $13: Family.
J14: extra Prime Pork, J15; extra clear. J19;
Mess. 816 50; Smoked Beef. 12H®13c per lb
12c for light amber; water white extracted. 7^49
7%c: light amber extracted. tVutc; dark. 6c
I *BEES\VAX-24326c per 1b.
TUESDAY. June 19—4 p. m
Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 C4
Alta 03 01
Andes 06 07
Belcher 17 18
Best & Belcher. 27 28
Bullion 04 05
Caledonia 1 10 1 15
Chollar 19 20
Challenge Con.. 14 18
Confidence 66- 68
Con Cal & Va..l 55 1 60
Con Imperial... — 01
Con New York. — 03
Eureka Con.... — 50
Crown Point OS 10
Exchequer 01 02
Gould & Curry 13 15
Hale & Norc... 27 29
Julia 01 02
Bid.Aak.
Justice 07 03
Kentuck — 01
Lady Wash .... 02 03
Mexican 21 22
Occidental 13 14
Ophir 7« 73
Overman 16 IS
Potosl 15 20
Savage 17 13
Scorpion 02 —
Seg Belcher .... 04 05
Sierra Nevada. 29 31
Sliver Hill 35 37
St Louis — 12
Standard — 4 25
Syndicate — 03
Union Con 21 23
Utah 14 15
Yellow Jacket.. 13 15
ClOSTN'Q QUOTATIONS.
Tte following were the lales la tb.9 Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Challenge Con.. 15 300 Mexican .....;.. Xt
150 Con Cal & V.I 57^ 300 Mexican M
4C0 Con Cal & Va..l 60 700 Ophir ........... 76
200 Gould & Curry 15 500 Sierra Nevada. *1
BOO Gould & Curry 141
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher l"f 200 Hale & Norc... 27
600 Belcher is; S00 Mexican a
300 Best & Belcher 27 800 Sierra Nevada, 21
S0O Challenge Con. 15 70O Union Con .... 2*
500 Con Cal & Va..l 60
Morning Session.
Board— . ».
SCO Home. Oil — * 5
100 Home Oil ? fi
100 Home Oil *S
200 San Joaquln • — • w
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the Ban
Francisco Stock and Exchansa Board yest«r-
lay:
Morning Session
200 Andes 081
ICO Belcher 181
600 Best & Belcher 29
100 Caledonia 1 15
BOO Challenge 15
400 Chollar 20
700 Con Cal & Va..l 60 :
200 Con Imperial... 01
800 Gould & Curry 13
20O Hale & Noro... XI
500 Kentuck 01
100 Mexican 23
400Ophir 77
700 Ophlr 73
600 Potosl M
!C0O Savage 17
200 Sierra Nevada.. 31
300 Union Con 22
Afternoon session
1100 Belchar M
100 Chollar 19
400 Con Cal & Va..l 60
800 Con New Tork. 03
BOO Justice OS
100 Mexican 23
500 Savage IS
200 Silver Hill -85
100 Union Con ..... S3
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Oceanic S Co.. 103 —
Om C Ry is.. US —
P & Cl Ky 6s. lt>4*i —
P & O R R 6s.ll5 —
Powell-st R 69.120 —
Sac L & ORaa. — —
S F & SJV 53. — —
S Ry of Cal bs.lUU —
P P of A 6s.. .114 -
SP of C6s(19C5)110 110%
Do (1306» ....111%U3
Do <1912) ....113 122%
S P Br 6s 130 —
S V Water 6s. 113 113Vi
Do 43 — T031 'i
Do 3d mtg... 101 '4102
Stooktn Has G3 ».». —
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 63-% 71
Martn County. •'¦¦' —
Spring Valley. 94T» —
Gas & tUectric—
Cent G L Co.. — —
Cent L & P Co i'i —
Market-st Ry. 63 —
O S L & H.... - 47%.
Presidio 15 21
Powder Stocks —
California ....1*> 170
Giant Con Co. 86% & r >\
Vigorit 2T» 3
SuKar Stcwks—
Hana S P Co. 8 8%
Haw C & S Co — —
Honokaa S Co 33*4 —
Hutch S P Co. 25% 25*4
Kilauea S Co. 20 SO 1 *
Makaweli S Co 47% *V~t
Onomea 8 Co. Zl\ 27}*
Paauhau S Co. 31'* —
Miscellaneous —
Al Pack Assn.ll7U —
Cal Fruit Asn. — 991*
Mer Ex Assn.. — luo
Oceanic S. Co.. 92% 94
Pac A F A.... ? —
Pac C Bor Co. ISO —
1'ar Paint Co.. U> *• — >•>
100 Equitable Gas 33 37H
20 Giant Powder Con a* «•£
10 Makaweli *X f£*
10 Makaweli V. J:^
50 Makaweli V. ~
50 Makawpli. b 30 • *'f>
10 Oakland. S L & Haywards 4S CO
55 S F Gas & Electric Co........ « r>
Jl.COO S V 4 ptr cent bonds Ud mt3) 131 »v
1U) VlRorit Powder * w
$4,<™ Northern Ry of Cal 5s bonds 117 50
35 Oakland Gas -V-. CC
10.0CO S F & S J_V bonds uu w
13 Honokaa .S £
$4,0CO Oceanic S S bonds ~i« ii
50 S F Gas 4: Electric Co ** *»
10 Spring Valley Water fi \L,
15 Sprin? Valley Water •>* StV>
Street— „ ~
ISO Honckaa 3 Co n **
THE SAJNT JTISAJnOibOm CAM,, WEDNESDAY, JUXE 20, 1900.
California Fruit Sales.
Suit, Moon and Tide.
Steamer Movements.
LOCAL MARKETS.
12
.Business continued dull on the Bond- Ex
change, though there Is a fair demand fox
the best bonds from day to day. Brokers say
that owing to pressure on the different corpo
rations by municipal authorities more or lest
speculation is being diverted to the East.
The Oceanic Oil Company has declared a sec
ond dividend, payable July 15.
The San Francisco Savings Union has de
clared a dividend of 3.60 per cent per annum
on term deposits and 3 per cent on ordinary
deposits, payable on July 2.
The German Savings and Loan Society ha*
declared a dividend of * 1-3 per cent on all de
posits, payable on July 2.
The Homestake Mining Company has de
clared the regular monthly dividend (No ail
of 25 cents per share for May and an extra
dividend (No. 292) of 25 cents, payable June li
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
, TUESDAY. June 1&-J p. m .
Eld. Ask.
U S Bonds—
4s quar coup. .113 115%
4s do reg 114 11414
4s do cp new..l34Vil33
3s quar coup. .109 109Vi
Miscellaneous—
Cal-st Cab 5s. .113 —
C C Water 5s.lC9% —
EdL4P 6s;. 123% —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — 118
Geary-st R 6s. — 99
H C &. S 5%b. — —
Do 5s — 105
L A Ry Ea.... 104*i 105^
L. A Lt Co 6s. — -
Do gntd 6a.. — ¦'."—..'
L A rotd 5s.. .100 —
L A P R R 5s: — 102%
Market-st 6S...12S ,— .
Do 1st M 6s. 113% —
N C N G R 7s. - 114
N R of Cal 6S.11514U7
Do Es 117% —
N P C R R 6s. 101 —
Do 6s'. — 109
N Cal R R fia.iu' — -
Oak O L&H3S.111 _
Oak Tran 6a. .118^4119
Oak W Co La.. — —
Eqult O L Co. S»i 3U
Mutual EJ Co. 10% 11
Pac Gas Imp.. 46% «
Pac L Co — «
S F G & e.... 4SH «%
ban Francisco. 4% 3
Stkn G & E Co JO —
Insurance—
Firem's Fund.223 —
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cat Ltd. 63 «7
Bank of Cat... — —
Cal S D & T.105 —
First Nat Jam. — 290
Lon P & A. ...133 —
Merchants' Ex 15 —
Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Savings Banks—
Oer S & L....139O —
Hum 8 & L... — —
Mut Sav Bk.. 45 —
S F Sav U 505 —
Sav & L So.... 74 78
Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Union T Co.... — —
Street Railroads —
California ....122% —
Geary-st ...... av —
TO ARRIVE.
Sun rises 4:47
Sun sets 7:34
Moon rises 1 0:0O a. m.
C [Tlmel- Time Time ITlme
» I Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o IH W L W H W 1, W
» ... 8:30 4.2 11.00 l.J| 5:43 6.8
I>W HW LW HW
H. ... 0:20 0.9 6:52 4.0! 11:55 2.1 «:36 €.9
12 ... 1:32 0.2 8:11 4.CK 12.50 ».5 7:24 6.3
23 ... 2:31—0.3 9:21 4.2 1:45 2.8 8:11 (.4
H ... 3:23—0.7 10:22 4.3 2:40 3.0 9:00 6.5
0 ... 4:12 1.0 11:18 4.5 3:32 3.1 9:43 t.5
IS ... 5:00 1.1 12:05 4.7 4:2S 3.1, 10:30 t.t
Steamer. From. vue.
Corona San Dleiro |jnn* S>
Orizaba HumboMt June •«
Wellington (Oyster Harbor June yt
Empire |Coo3 Bay June »
Crescent Clty...iCrescen: City |June .1
UmatiHa -. I Victoria * Puget SoundiJune 21
Del Norte (Portland ne S
Universe |Oy»ter Harbor June 23
lionita iNewport i uae H
Pclnt Arena.... Mendoclno X uae :2
North Fork Eureka X une U
Arcata Coos Bay un * X^
Matteawan .... Tacoma June 21
Santa Rosa Ifan I»eao June H
Columbia Portland June 2j
Tltanta IXanalmo June M
Progreso iT.icoma June !5
CSty of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound! June M
Coos Jlay I.Vtwport I June 26
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. Pier.
Wai WallaJVtc * Pgt 3d. June 20. 11 am Pier 9
Cooi Bay.. .l»wr«rt June 20. 9 am Pter It
3outh CoaatiHumboldt I June 20, 4 pm|Pier t
Corona .... San Dfejro June tt 11 am Pier U
State of Cal Portland Juno 22. 11 am Pier *»
China China A Japan June 22 PMSS
Orizaba Humbo'.dt June 22. Jpm Ptw 9
Del Norte... Coos Hay June 23. S am) Pier *)
Ar~ata Ccos Bay...... June U. 10 am Pier 13
Bonita Newport June 24. 9 am Pier 11
L'matllla .. Vic & P*t Sd. June B, 11 am Pier 9
North Fork Humboldt June 25. > am Pier 7
Pt Arena.. I Point Arena.. June !.">, 2 pm Pier J
3anta Rosa'San Diego June 26. U amIPIer U
Steamer. From. vue.
Corona San Dleiro |jnn* S>
Orizaba HumboMt June •«
Wellington (Oyster Harbor June yt
Empire |Coo3 Bay June »
Crescent Clty...iCrescen: City |June .1
UmatiHa -. I Victoria * Puget SoundiJune 21
Del Norte (Portland ne S
Universe |Oy»ter Harbor June 23
lionita iNewport i uae H
Pclnt Arena.... Mendoclno X uae :2
North Fork Eureka X une U
Arcata Coos Bay un * X^
Matteawan .... Tacoma June 21
Santa Rosa Ifan I»eao June H
Columbia Portland June 2j
Tltanta IXanalmo June M
Progreso iT.icoma June !5
CSty of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound! June M
Coos Jlay I.Vtwport I June 26
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. Pier.
Wai WallaJVtc * Pgt 3d. June 20. 11 am Pier 9
Cooi Bay.. .l»wr«rt June 20. 9 am Pter It
3outh CoaatiHumboldt I June 20, 4 pm|Pier t
Corona .... San Dfejro June tt 11 am Pier U
State of Cal Portland Juno 22. 11 am Pier *»
China China A Japan June 22 PMSS
Orizaba Humbo'.dt June 22. Jpm Ptw 9
Del Norte... Coos Hay June 23. S am) Pier *)
Ar~ata Ccos Bay...... June U. 10 am Pier 13
Bonita Newport June 24. 9 am Pier 11
L'matllla .. Vic & P*t Sd. June B, 11 am Pier 9
North Fork Humboldt June 25. > am Pier 7
Pt Arena.. I Point Arena.. June !.">, 2 pm Pier J
3anta Rosa'San Diego June 26. U amIPIer U
Sun rises 4:47
Sun sets 7:34
Moon rises 1 0:0O a. m.
C [Tlmel- Time Time ITlme
» I Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o IH W L W H W 1, W
» ... 8:30 4.2 11.00 l.J| 5:43 6.8
I>W HW LW HW
H. ... 0:20 0.9 6:52 4.0! 11:55 2.1 «:36 €.9
12 ... 1:32 0.2 8:11 4.CK 12.50 ».5 7:24 6.3
23 ... 2:31—0.3 9:21 4.2 1:45 2.8 8:11 (.4
H ... 3:23—0.7 10:22 4.3 2:40 3.0 9:00 6.5
0 ... 4:12 1.0 11:18 4.5 3:32 3.1 9:43 t.5
IS ... 5:00 1.1 12:05 4.7 4:2S 3.1, 10:30 t.tMay Not Alter the Books.
Auditor Wells yesterday refused; to al
low. ex-Tax Collector Sheehan to alter the
, books ¦ now ¦ In ; possession ¦ of Tax Collector
Scott.' : Sheehan desired ; to make i certain
credits v so that a number of errors and
omissions might be rectified.
Journeymen , Barbers Meet.
. The local .union of Journeymen ; Barbers'
held . a meeting, last -, night ; at Its head
quarters. ; Ed Rosenberg, secretary, of the
Labor Council, addressed the meeting and
advocated the organizing . of ? all labor to
better ' its condition. >%'* '
Bombarded With Glass.
. Robert Harvey, a boy 16 years of age,
was arrested yesterday on a charge of
battery. He is collector for his step
father, • J. W. Duffle, 21 Sheridan place,
who sells paintings, and Monday he and
a man called upon Mrs. Charles Johnson,
95 Bosworth street, to collect 50 cents.
Mrs. Johnson told them ¦ she : did not have
the money Just then, and she alleges that
they broke one of the front windows and
threw ; the broken glass at her, . cutting
her lips. >j|gHMffl!illlfa i <NMBSb£SS«1
Carpenters "Win Their Strike.
DENVER, 'June 19.— The carpenters*
strike In this city ended to-day, the con
tractors hairing agreed to the union's de
mand for wages of 41 cents an hour and a
half holiday on Saturday throughout the
year. «•>
Death of Mrs. Rule.
SANTA ROSA, JOne 19.— Mrs. Rule,
widow of John Rule, a well known pio
neer, and one of the best known women
in Northern California, died this evening
at the Rule ranch, near Duncans Mills.
Sentenced to Be Hanged.
TUCSON, Ariz, June 19.— William and
Thomas Halderman, the cowboy brothers
who killed Officer Ainsworth and Deputy
Sheriff Moore, were sentenced to be
hanged at Tombstone August 10.
Democrats in Control.
FRANKFORT, Ky., June 19.— The State
Treasurer's office was turned over to
Treasurer Hager to-day. The State offices
for the first time since 1S95 are now in
exclusive control of Democrats.
Rescind Resolution.
BUFFALO, N. Y., June 19.— The Su
preme Lodge, Knights of Honor, at to
day's session rescinded a resolution class
ing Christian, scientists or faith : curists
as hazardous risks. .
Bulgarian Peasants Killed.
BUCHAREST, June 19.— The Insurrec
tion in" Bulgaria Is spreading. Fifty peas
ants have been killed by the military at
Duran-Lekah. • , . -.
Clears for. Cape Town.
NEW ORLEANS,' June 19.— The steamer
Knight ; Bachelor -cleared to-day for ' Cape
Town with 1000 horses for the British Gov
ernment. ¦¦¦'-¦;; V "' : "•.¦ -¦ ,' : .-!'l!l§§i1§j&i*islai^
Big Fire in Germany.
BERLIN, i June 19.— The large Schmelzer
spinning works at Werdau have been de
stroyed ¦ by fire. :
Builders' Contracts.
George Jones (owner) with J. C. Nielsen (con
tractor), architect -A. "W. Smith— AH work ex
cept painting, plumbing, sewering and white
washing for 2-story frame building on E line of
Stonyan street. 100 N of Frederick, X !!, E
106:3, S 25, TV 100:3: $2346.
Andrew Christensen (owner) with Cotter &
Jones (contractors), architect W. McMillen—
Bxcavmtlon< concrete, brick, carpenter, plumb
ing^ plastering-, tinnina: and glass for 2-story
frame buildlnsr (flats) on E .line of Hartford
street, 137:4 S of Seventeenth, S 26. by. 125:2;
$3734.
John J. Hundwyler (owner) with H. R.
Schmuckert (contractor and architect)—Altera
tions to a 2-story and basement building on W
line of Leavenworth street, 116:6 S of Califor
nia. S 21 by 60; $1894.
Mrs Annie J. Boardman and Mrs. Harriet P.
Tompklns (owners) with John G. Cook & Co.
(contractors), architect Albert Sutton— All work
for alterations and additions except plumbing,
gaa flttlnjr, sewering, heating and elevators to
present 8-Rtory brick building known as Com
mercial block to- be altered to a 6-story building
on SB corner of Front and California streets,
S 85, B 41:8,-8 4:6. E 50, N 89:6, W 31:8; $33,800.
Same owners with ¦ Ickelhelmer Bros, (con
tractors), architect same— Plumbing-, sewering
and gas fitting for same on same: $6300.
Same owners with George H. Tay Co. (cor
poration) (contractors), architect same; $2320.
Same owner* with Cahill & Hall Elevator Co.
(a corporation) (contractors), architect same-
Two electric passenger elevators for same on
same: $4500. •-.'¦¦. i' - ' -' .
William M. Hoagr (owner) with Campbell &
Pettus (contractors), architect Hermann Barth
Excavations, ¦ brick,- concrete, carpenter and
tin work, plastering and hardware for altera
tions and additions and annex to a 3-story and
attic frame building to make a 5-etory building,
on NW corner of ' Sutter : and Leavenworth
streets -N 47:6. W 37:6, N 8, W 63, S 8:6. W 5:6,
S47, E.96: $14,S90. - ¦ , ¦
: Same owner with William F. Wilson (con
tractor), architect same— Plumbing and gas
fitting for same on same; $4338.
Iiecture by. Henry A. Adams.
OAKLAND, June 19.— Henry Austin
Adams, the distinguished Catholic lec
turer, addressed, a large audience this
evening at the Macdonough Theater, his
subject being "The Spirit of the Age."
The entertainment was interspersed with
vocal numbers by Mrs. I. Goose, Mrs. S.
Calderwood, Miss L. Cavalli. Miss M. Mc-
Donald, Miss M. Gilbert, Mrs. 'P. Wand,
Mrs. O. Lenze, Miss G. Breslin, Miss N.
Hurd, Miss A. Cavalli, Miss V. Rapin,
Miss A. Canty and A. B. Fately. The
lecture was for the benefit of the Church
of the Immaculate Conception.
BERKELEY, June 19.— The following
named graduates ; of the University of
California have been placed in schools
in various parts of the State: Miss Lena
Macauley '00, teacher of Latin and Greek
in Mills College: Miss Lily Hohfeld '99.
In Yreka High School; Miss Rose Hohfeld
•99 assistant teacher in Red Bluff High
School. Miss Gertrude Allen .'00 succeeds
Sidney Elston in the San Diego High
School. Mr. Elston will take a similar po
sition in the Berkeley High School.
Roswell Wheeler '9t5 goes to the head of
the history department in the Alameda
High School. Miss Emma Garretson be
comes a teacher of French and German in
the Alameda High School. Miss Beatrice
Reynolds has resigned from the faculty
of Vassar College to accept a position as
teacher of Greek and Latin in the Loa
Angeles High School.
UNIVERSITY GRADUATES
BECOME TEACHERS
OAKLAND. June 19.— The news has
been received here of the death in South
Africa of Joseph Clement, son of Mr. and
Mrs. E.-B. Clement of this city. Clement
was a member of the engineer corps of
the British army and Is thought to have
received his death •wound while In com
pany with Major Seymour on June 16.
Joseph Clement was 2S years old. He
was one of the best known young men
of this city, where he was born and edu
cated. After graduating from the High
School he went to Africa and secured em
ployment In the diamond mines at Kim
beriey. Later he went to Johannesburg
and was employed hy the Rand syndicate
as an electrician. When the war broke
out Clement enlisted In the engineer corps
of the British army. He was with Major
Seymour when that officer was killed In
a skirmish on the Zand River.
Clement left a wife In South Africa. His
parents and two brothers and a sister also
survive him. - r : c -:j
JOSEPH CLEMENT IS
KILLED IN AFRICA
To-Morrow There "Will Be Presented
to the Government a Statue of
Dr. Hahnemann.
WASHINGTON, June IS.— The American
Institute of Homeopathy began Its eighth
annual 1 session here to-day, Dr. Charles
E. Walton of Cincinnati presiding. The
chief feature of the convention will be the
dedication and presentation to the Govern
ment of a beautiful statue of Dr. Hahne
raann on the east side of Scott circle on
Thursday afternoon. The President will
attend the dedicatory exercises, and ad
dresses will be delivered by Attorney Gen
eral Grlggs and other well-known men.
The same evening the President will give
a reception to tire members of , the con
vention at the White House.
President Walton in his annual address
to-day earnestly advorated uniformity of
medical laws in every State in the Union.
He said the right to practice medicine in
one State should carry with it tho right
to practice in every- State.
Dr. George B. Peck of Providence pre
sented a paper on the condition of homeo
pathy in the United States. He said there
are 9369 homeopathic physicians in this
country, of whom 1158 are women. There
are now twenty-one homeopathic medical
colleges, with 1320 alumni. \
Florence X. Ward of San Francisco was
among the delegates who read papers dur
ing to-day's session.
FAT AXITIES RESULT.
Four People Will Die From Injuries
Received at a Fire.
BUFFALO, June 19.— Three deaths have
resulted from a tenement house fire last
night and a fourth will follow. The dead
are:
Mrs. Guiliana Mllanda ' and her son,
aged 8 j-ears, and daughter of 5 years.
An Infant child of Mrs. Milanda was
so badly burned that it cannot survive*.
»_ ! —
Standing Grain Burned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, June 19.— There was a
gralnfield fire near Blacks this afternoon.
It started from a steam thresher. The
loss was forty acres of grain for H.
Clausen, a lot of fencing for L. T, Ridley
and considerable pasture burned over for
E. B. Robinson. '
To Form New Ministry.
ROME, June 19.— Signor Saracco, Presi
dent of the Italian Senate, who was sum
moned to the Quirinal yesterday after the
resignation of the Cabinet, has been in
trusted by King Humbert with the task of
forming a new Ministry to succeed that
of General Pelloux. -
Town Wiped Out.
MADISON, Wls., June 19.— The entire
business section of the village of Middle
ton, eight miles west of here, was wiped
out by fire to-night. The insurance loss is
$75,000 to $100,000, with actual loss much
greater.
HOMEOPATHS GATHER '
IN ANNUAL SESSION
Eighty thousand elephants are required
annually to supply the world with ivory,
and most of them come from South Af
rica. Tho Boer has shipped lions from
the Transvaal to all landa, and he has
killed 7000 of the beasts within its borders.
VALUABLE ESTATE OF
MRS. JULIA BACON
OAKLAND, June 19.— The estate of the
late Julia A. Bacon has been appraised at
$294,216 23 by F. A. Page. E. A. Heron
and C. D. Olney. According to the in
ventory nl ed bv the -PPrai 3ers the prin
cipal assets of the estate are: Cash, *~>,
093 21; promissory notes of the Bacon
Land and Loan Company. $68.01» 27: 2j.(XW
shares of stock Jn the Bacon Land and
Loan Company. J200.00O. The estate holds
twenty-three bonds of the State of >.orth
Carolina of the face value of J100O, but a3
they have been repudiated by the State
they are appraised a3 being of no value.
Nephew of Mrs. Catherine Garcelon
Alleged to Be in Danger of ,
Spoliation by Designing 1
Persons.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 19.
Following closely his petition to be ap
pointed guardian of the children of James
P. and Mary Webster Merritt and Fred
erick A. and Mary Browne Merritt, Attor
ney Horace W. Philbrook to-day applied
for letters of guardianship on tne estate
of James P. Alerritt, who he declares to
be an incompetent person.
According to the petitioner, James P.
Merritt is, by reason of his weakness of
mind, mentally incompetent to manage
what property remains to him out of the
valuable estate inherited frojn his uncle,
the late Dr. Samuel Merritt, and is In con
stant danger of being deceived and im
posed upon by artful and designing per
sons. By reason of his mental condition
Merritt is said to be in imminent danger
of being stripped and despoiled of nis
property and left penniless and destitute.
With regard to Frederick A. Merritt.
Philbrook asserts that he has from child
hood exercised a complete mental ascend
ency over his brother, James P. Merritt,
and that being also incompetent to man
age his financial affairs he is likely to be
used by artful and deceiving persons as
a. tool for deceiving and imposing upon
James P. Merritt.
James P. Merritt was at one time the
possessor of a large estate, recites the pe
tition, but because of his incompetency
and the wrong advantage taken of him
by different persons he has been stripped
of almost his entire belongings, except a
few personal effects of trifling value and
a part ownership in heavily mortgaged
Oakland real estate^
The estate of the late "Catherine M.
Garcelon, the aunt of James and Fred
erick Merritt. is brought to the front by
Philbrook. He declares that the contest
to their aunt's will instlttuted several
years ago by the Merritts is a just action
and that if a proper guardian be appoint
ed they may realize on their claims
against the estate. The estate is valued
at over $1,000,000.
It is for the purpose, concludes the peti
tion, of preventing unscrupulous persons
from despoiling him of his possible share
in the Garcelon estate that a guardian is
needed for James P. Merritt.
The petition of Attorney Philbrook is
general In its statements regarding per
sons who would defraud Merritt. It
makes no specific accusations.
He Would Be Guardian of
the Father as Well as
of the Children.
PHILBROOK SAYS
JAMES MERRITT
IS INCOMPETENT
Many Alameda County Towns Will
Hold Celebrations in Honor of
the National Republican
Nominees.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. June 13.
The Republicans of Alameda County are
preparing aptively for the coming Presi
dential campaign. Big ratification meet
ings will be held following the action of
the Republican National Convention.
Oakland will celebrate Saturday evening.
Berkeley has selected Thursday evening.
The committee will give a fireworks dis
play and there will be a mass-meeting at
Shattuck Hall. Among the speakers will
be Congressman Metcalf, H. J. Morehouse.
Judge Ogden and others. The following
vice presidents have been selected:
Paris Kilburri, John C. Lynch. Charles
S. Spear, A. R. Frame. W. L. Overstreet,
Charles Sleeper, A. S. J. Woods, Dr. E. A.
Kelley, J. K. Wier, W. D. Wooster, Hugh
Forgie, Judge W. A. Gray, Captain W. H.
Marston. E. J. WIckson. A. L. Ott. J. M.
Foy, P. Reymond. Frank M. Wilson, E, J.
MaYtln, Dr. H. N. Rowell, W. R. Pond,
Duncan McKinley, George Schmidt, P. A.
Needham, B. F. Arnold, E. C. Marhive,
C- C. Plehn. Harry S. Scott. Morgan
Rider, Churles Jensen. W. H. Waste,
Thomas C. Dowd, H. W. Taylor and" Judge
W. E. Greene. ,- _
A McKinley flub has been organized at
Hay wards. George A. Oakes and J. W.
McCoy are temporary president and sec
retary, respectively.
A call has been issued by the following
named for organization on Saturday night
at Haywards of a Metcalf club: I. B. Par
sons, J. L. Hollis. W. E. Meek. A. Brad
ford, H. A. Schafer, J. J. McDonnell. H.
E. Brunner, Charles Prowse, H. W. Rice,
A J. Powell, A. Ramage, C. B. Harmon,
E. H. Clawiter, J. J. Haires. S. Ransom,
W. O. Emerson, E. K. Shortridge, John T.
Stanton, H. M. Brownell, George Gray,
D. Tamalier, H. W. Meek, E. F. Champe
ney, James O'Neil, E. O. Webb, Frank C.
Winton. H. D. Rice, A. G. Roberts. L. B.
Chandler, C. Winton, A. Tamalier. A. Har
rington, Georg-e C. Baster, L. Linekin, P.
H. Hoare and F. F. Allen.
The candidacy for State Senator from
the Twenty-seventh District of William
H. Waste, a prominent young attorney
¦with an office in this city, has been taken
in hand by a committee of Berkeleyans.
Mr. Waste is a resitfent Of the college
town. *:."
Big Demonstration to Take
Place Saturday Night
in Oakland
RATIFICATIONS
ARE TO BE HELD
ACROSS THE BAY
Five Hundred Commuters on
Narrow Gauge Want a
Better Service.
Board of Trustees of Alameda Tak?
the Matter in Their Own
Hands and Make
Demands.
ALAMEDA. June 19.— Although Division
Superintendent Frazier of the Coast
Division has said that he would con
sign to the waste-basket any petition
the citizens of Alameda might present
urging improvement In the narrow-gaugo
service the City Trustees are undeterred
and will see that the protest of the people
reaches somebody in authority higher
than the nearsighted Mr. Frazier.
Five hundred commuters have signed
their names to the petition. It is quite
a lengthy document. It recites the In
conveniences the traveling public is com
pelled to put up with In the way of
crowded and unsanitary cars, delayed
trains and frequent accidents. The de
mand is made for a change from narrow
gauge to broadgauge trains on the local
line from High street to the mole. It is
pointed out that turntables should bo
placed at each of the terminals so that
engines can be operated without the ten
der running "head on." thereby minimiz
ing the number of accidents on account
of the kangaroo machines.
In answer to the statement of Superin
tendent Frazier that Oakland was given
the broadgauge service so that Alameda's
narrow-gauge service could be Improved
the petition seta forth that the superior
service is discrimination in favor cf tho
former city against the latter, which suf
fers materially from the effects of poor
train service.
In addition to sanctioning the protest of
the 500 commuters of Alameda who de
mand better service the Board of Trus
tees will forward to railroad headquarters
a strong communication urging that tho
wishes of the people receive due respect
and consideration.
PETITION GOING
UP TO RAILROAD
HEADQUARTERS
Lector© in Aid of Famine Fund.
Dr. Frederick W. D'Evelyn will deliver
an Illustrated lecture to-night at Golden
<Jate Hall, C23 Sutter street, on "The Boer
cjid Briton in the Field." The lecture will
l>e given under the auspices of the Geo
rraphlcal Society of California and the
l-roceeds will be subscribed to the Indian
lamlne fund. ~
Denied ITealy's Charges.
At a meeting of the directors of the Me
chanics* Institute, held last evening, the
published charges of Director Healy
against the management i of the library
were denied by resolution. Some little in
dignation was expressed, but there were
no scenes when the matter was being dis
cussed. Th<?-following notice of a special
meeting was also announced:
"There will be a special meeting of the
members of the Mechanics' Institute to
morrow (Thursday) night to take. action
on the matter of authorizing the board of
trustees to sell the Sixteenth and.Folsom
street batl grounds, which belong to the
!nstitut&"iyHHMlHBttHMHH
Who Is John C. Stewart?
OAKLAND. June 10.— J. J. Warner, sec
retary of the Masonic relief board, to-day
received a telegram from Galveston, Tex.,
stating that John C. Stewart, a carpenter,
had fallen from the docks of the Southern
Pacific Company In that city and been
drowned. He is supposed to have been a
member of the Masonic fraternity in this
city, but there are no records of his hav
ing been identified with any lodge in thi*
neighborhood. Any information regard
ing him can be sent to Mr. Warner at 111S
Broadway.
Reception to De Vries.
STOCKTON, , June 19.— Congressman
Marion de Vries returned from Washing
ton this evening and was given a rousing
reception at the depot. A band headed a
parade through the principal streets, and
the Congressman in a -carriage followed
the long procession. Fireworks were
burned and the Elks gave Mr. de Vrics a
grand reception to-night.
Destroyed by Fire.
PITTSBURG, June 19.— The adjoining
plants of the Carroll . Porter^ Boiler ; and
Tank Company. and .the; James Rees &
Sons Company, engine builders, were de
stroyed by fire to-night. Loss $115,000. -.=
Owens Convicted.
SANTA ROSA, June 19.— The jury. In the
Owens murder case to-night * returned a
.verdict of guilty i of murder -in the first
degree. Owens shot Ed Hale In a cottage
at Lytton Springs on April 18. -
Officer Kramer's Baring Act.
Officer John Kramer of the Californla
8treet police station, who made a daring
attempt to stop the horses attached to a
wagon belonging to the Lytton Springs
Company that were running away . on
Monday evening, is suffering considerably
from the fall he received. Kramer was on
a car when he saw the horses running.
It .was at a time when Market street was
crowded with pedestrians, and he con
cluded to stop the animals even at the risk
of his own life. He Jumped from the car
and climbed Into the seat of the wagon.
After two blocks had been covered he suc
ceeded in almost bringing the horses to a
halt, when one of the reins broke and he
was thrown to the street. One of his legs
became entangled in ¦ the remaining line
and he was dragged some distance before
he could disentangle : himself.
ALAMKDA. June 19.— A ferocious dog
bclojiRii.p- to Dr. Arthur Gore of 1702 Paru
street attacked Alvan Roundy, an elderly
rnan, y«-5terday as he was entering his
home, a few doors removed from that of
the owner r.f the animal. The dog backed
Roundy against the fence surrounding his
residence and bit him on the hands and
face. His wife witnessed the attack and
came to his assistance with a pistol. He
shot the hrute, but only wounded him se
verely. Rour.dy's wounds were dressed
by Dr. C. H. I.ubbock.
Now Dr. Gore wants Roundy punished
for Khootfnjr his dog. He has had
?he old man arrested for willfully injuring
a dumb animal. The case will be tried
before Justice of th«» Peace Morris.
OLD MAN ATTACKED BY
A FEROCIOUS ANIMAL
DEATH OF THE WIDOW
OF A FAMOUS ARTIST
ALAMEDA, June 19.— Mrs. Annie J.
JCahl, widow of the late Arthur Nahl, the
famous artist, passed away to-day at the
home of her son, Perbam W. Nahl, at 1G24
Bay street. Death was due to heart dis
ease from which the deceased had been
a sufferer for the past three months. A
lire at Mrs. Nalil's home at 1601 Central
avenue on the night of June S, during
which she was carried out of danger in
the arms of her son. greatly excited her
and probably hastened her death.
Mrs. Nahl was a native of Boston,
Jduss , ryred 56 years. Her children are
P*-rhara W.. Arthur C, Virgil F.. Con-
Ftante A. and Augusta. A- Nahl and Mrs.
Edna J. Powell. The funeral will be held
Thursday from the residence of Mrs. C.
L. Woods, 1624 Bay street.
POLICE COMMISSION U
PASSES ON LICENSES
Sullivan and the Green Brothers Will
Comply With the Sideroom
Ordinance.
The Board of Police Commissioners at
their meeting last night passed on a large
number of applications for liquor licenses.
"Pap" Sullivan of the Hoffman cafe prom
ised the commission that he would close
the side entrance to his place arid would
cut down his partitions to conform with
the provisions of the ordinance. Green
Brothers, proprietors of the Columbia
cafe, agreed to close the side entrance
leading to the private rooms in their
saloon and to partition the place for a
first-class restaurant. The commission
declared itself willing to grant licenses to
both places if the conditions wer^ com
plied with.
Policeman Henry N. Prouse was before
the board, charged with reading a news
paper while on quarantine duty. He was
found guilty and fined $5.
The case of Officer John P. Woest was
taken under advisement. » Woest was
found asleep and In an intoxicated con
dition on the night of June 7, when he
should have been on duty In Chinatown
The commission found him guilty and or
dered him to report to the Burgeon of the
department. Some time ago Woest was
struck on. the head, and it is claimed that
the blow injured his mental faculties.
The commission decided that If the sur
'geon reports, him unfit for duty Woest will
be retired, but dismissal will follow if It
Is found that his injuries have .not af
fected him. Woest has been a member
of the department for twenty-four years.
BERKELEY SCHOOL
SUPERINTENDENT MARRIED
BERKELEY, June 19.— S. D. Waterman.
Superintendent of Schools of Berkeley for
the past ten years, will be united In mar
riage to Mrs. Ida Marie Sanor of Alameda
at S o'clock to-morrow evening. The wed
ding will Lake place at the residence of
the bride's father, J. B. Vosburgh, 2625
Central avenue, Alameda, Rev. John
Coyle, formerly of Berkeley, will perform
the ceremony. •
After a short honeymoon Mr. and Mrs.
Waterman ¦will reside at 2213 Haste street,
lierkeley. They will be ready to receive
after July 10.
OAKLAND, June 19.— John A. Kaler, a
motor-man on the Grove-street electric
road, wedded Mrs. Mary F. Sargent of
Eighth and Wood streets at Reno on June
12. The Journey to Nevada was taken be
cause Mrs. Sargent had been divorced
only last April. The couple arrived in
Oakland on their, return trip the day-
Judge Be-lcher's startling decision against
the validity of the Reno marriages was
made public. Now, like many another
< aHfornia couple, they are wondering
what their exact status is.
Mrs. Sarpent is an accomplished musi
cian and was for several years leading
sopraxio in an Alameda church choir.
RENO BRIDE'OF TW0~DAYS~
RUNS AFOUL OF LAW
FORTY-EIGHT DOGS IN
THE MIDWEEK STAKE
Greyhounds of Class "Will Course at
Ingleside Park — Sport at
Union Park.
The customary midweek stake will bs
decided to-morrow at the Ingleside Cours
ing Club. Forty-eight dogs win go to the
slips, the sport commencing at 12 m. Lowe
& Thompson will start a, new one in So
ciety Belle, while David Dillon will also
send a new one to the slips in Snowdrop.
The class is somewhat better than the
usual midweek stake. The draw last
night resulted as follows:
M. Michiliki's TVrronite vs. M. J. Kelly's
Night Time; P. Dingle's Storm King vs.
Lowe & Thompson's I'rince Hal: Farley
Bros.' Morse Patrol vs. A. Frank's Loiter
er; R. K. .de B. Lopez's Sara vs. Lowe &
Thompson's St. Oran; A. Massey's Hadi
wist vs. P. J. Nolte's Fire Queen; F. Pas
son's Merry Maiden vs. D. Dillon's Prince
George; J. H. W. Muller's Cruiser vs. H.
H. Gray's Commander; J. I. O'Brien's
Wandering Tom vs. P. Dingle's Cash In;
Maher & Reid's Singleton vs. T. J. Cro
nin's Thornhill; G. Sharman's Wait a Bit
vs. J. Flower's Keystone; Lowe & Thomp
son's Society Belle vs. M. Tiernan's Mary
Ann; D. Dillon's Snowdrop vs. J. R.
Smith's Victor; J. Perry's Sweet Belle
vs. G. Lahusen's Firefly; A. Johnson's
Tod Sloan vs. Lowe & Thompson's Over
the Border; J. Charleton's Temple vs. G.
Sharman's Wait a Little: J. H. W. Mul
ler's Terrona vs. N. P. Whiting's St.
Anthony; J. R. Smith's Lady Sears vs. J.
FarreH's Cash Day; J. Rock's Minerva
vs. G. Buehn's Monogram; H. H. Gray's
Bannockburn vs. Sterl & Knowles* Olita;
N. P. Whiting's Wadena vs. R. E. de B.
Lopez's Carmencita; G. Lee's Canyon vs.
Welsh & Heenan's Sacramento Boy; F.
A. McComb's One Spot vs. D. Dillon's
Europa; W. J. Leonard's Daylight vs. J.
Carroll's Erin's Hope; M. Welch's Bend
along vs. S. Handy's Lady Hugo.
A nftv-six dog stake will be decided to
day at Union Coursing Park. The sport
will commence upon the arrival of the 11
a. m. train.
BERICELET, June 19.— Orinda Park,
one of the outlying districts of Berkeley.
has the distinction of a second elopement
within two months. Herbert Sullivan, a
farmer, and Miss Rose Garcia are the
interested parties concerned. They have
beep married since last Christmas,
thofcgh the parents of the bride have Just
ht-oome acquainted with the fact.
Mr. Sullivan's sister. Belle, eloped with
William Ge*rdtz last April, and has only
recntly received the parental blessing.
Young Sullivan was the most earnest
Fearcher for his sister when the elope
ment was made, thoujrh he himself had
secretly gone through the same sort of a
performance. Both couples, however, are
now settled at home in Orinda Park, as
tlM parents of the young- ladles have for
trtven and blessed thorn. Both girls are
under ag-<\ and were told to wait a year
or two before entering into matrimony.
ELOPEMENT SPIRIT FILLS
SULLIVAN FAMILY
Report That the Pension Commission
er May Seek Nomination for
Congress.
CHATTANOOGA, June 19.— A rumor
has been current here for several weeks
that H. Clay Evans would resign the
pension commisslonershlp and seek nomi
nation for Congress from this district.
His friends emphatically deny the story,
although" they freely admit he has given
the President to i understand his resigna
tion can be had when the President feels
he needs it.
«.
Santa Clara Improvement Club.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
gAN JOSE, June 19.— The Santa Clara
County Improvement Club, which was re
cently organized here for the purpose of
advancing the interests of the city and
county, to-day elected the following of
ficers for the ensuing year: President, G.
M. Bowman; secretary, D. M. Burnett;;
treasurer, J. E. -Auzerais; board of man
agers— W. F. Foss, A. K. Whltton, J. H.
Rucker. V. A. Scheller, Fred. W. Moore,'
Henry Doerr, M. O'Brien, Henry Lion, O.
A. Hale. William M. Ginty, W. G. Alex
ander. Ralph W. Hersey. George W.
Worthen, George P. Snell. J. D. Radford,
Joseph R. Ryland, J. J. Miller, J. W.
Davy; W. S. Clayton. J. H. Henry, D. O.
Druffel, Frank Stock, A. J. Koch, George
B. McKee and J. L. Stull. The club now
has a membership of over 300. It will
shortly begin the systematic advertising
of Santa Clara County resources in the
hope of attracting tourists * and home
seekers. '• ¦
Ordered to Cambria.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 19.— The
West Indian regiment to-day , received or
ders from the War Office to hold itself in
readiness to proceed to Gambia, Western
Africa, to fight the Sofas. Demarara has
offered 400 volunteers and a Maxim gun
for service against the Ashantls. About
275 men of the Kingston Infantry militia
volunteered for the same service yester
day.
Laborers Scarce.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, June 19.— A dispatch re
ceived by The Call representative .from
the local agentof the Earl Fruit Com
pany at Gulnita makes an urgent appeal
for help to harvest the fruit crop of Capay
Valley. There is a great scarcity of labor
that is likely to result in an enormous
loss to the fruit growers.
Desperate Mexican Arrested.
GLOBE, Ariz., June 19.— A posse arrived
here to-night with a heavily ironed Mex
ican, who is believed to be one of the gang
of four which killed two station employes
at New River Wells, robbed a stage coach
and committed numerous other, depreda
tions two weeks ago. The officers refuse
to talk but there is reason to believe they
came upon the gang and killed three.
Two Factions Formed, Eacli Seeking
to Oust the Other From
Power.
"WASHINGTON, June 19.— Two gather-
Ings of the Knights of Labor of North
America, each claiming to be the regular
and legally constituted executive body of
the order, were in full swing here again
to-day, each assembly having for Its
avowed object of deposing and - re
moving from office of the rival faction.
Neither faction expects to fully accom
plish what It has set out to do without
invoking the aid of the civil courts; and
even then it seems doubtful if a split in
the organization can be averted.
The faction headed by General Master
Workman Parsons heard.the report of the
general executive boaru submitted by
John A. Connor. It recommended that the
charter of the District of Columbia As
sembly be revoked; that Secretary John
W. Hayes be removed from oftice and
title be secured to the property of the
order in this district. Without action fur
ther than referring the recommendations
to the proper committees the assembly
adjourned.
General Worthy Foreman J. D. Cham
berlain of Colorado presided over the de
liberations of the Hayes faction and heard
the report of the committee on appeals
and grievances. This report recommended
that Parsons, O'Keefe, Conners, Arm
strong and Unks be expelled from the or
der on 'charges of misconduct made
against them by local Assembly No. 300.
RUMORS CURRENT THAT
H. CLAY EVANS MAY RESIGN
SPLIT OCCURS IN
THE KNIGHTS OF LABOR
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, June 19.
County Assessor Henry P. Dalton de
murred to-day to the indictment agrainst
him and the accusation demanding his
removal from office, and while Judpe Hall
took the demurrers under advisement un
til next Thursday It is probable, from his
remarks from, the bench, that he will hold
the demurrer against the indictment as
good, if not that against the accusation.
"An effort Is being- made tu get Dalton
on the stand," said K. M. Fitzgerald, his
attorney, "and so I have interposed a de
murrer to both the indictment and the ac
cusation. They are not sufllcient to hold
him." So a long- and technical fl&ht was
Tnude ajjainst the form of the indictment,
which was followed by the same kind of a
tight, though not so long, against the ac
cusation.
Mr. Fitzgerald took the Ftand and de
clared that the form of the indictment
was not sufficient because it did not
how the destroyed books became
public records. He asserted that they were
not public records, and that the statutes
did not require that they be kept. To
this District Attorney Allen replied that
he had a number of decisions to cite to
show that the records of a public officer
became public records by operation of
law. Mr. Fitzgerald th«-n declared that if
this were the position taken by the Dis
trict Attorney, the indictment was defec
tive in tha.t it did net set out how these
records became public records.
Air. Kitzgrerald took the position that the
assessment roll of the county did not be
come* such until it was turned over to
the Board of Supervisor.*, and that the
destroyed books never having been turned
over to the Suxx?rvisors and the law not
requiring that they be turned over to the
Supervisors, they never became public
records. He also lodged several objec
tions to the form and sufficiency of the
indictment.
Upon the accusation Mr. Fitzgerald held
it was Insufficient in that it did not state
the names of thone whom it is alleged the
County Assessor left off of the personal
property roll.
Judge Hall took both demurrers under
advisement, and will render his decision
upon them on Thursday.
fudge Hall Indicates That He Will
Support the Demurrer to the In
dictment, but Takes It
Under Consideration.
Technical Fight Commenced
Against Grand Jury
Proceedings.
BOOK ARE NOT
PUBLIC RECORDS
SAYS MR. DALTON
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 19.
With $3 in their pockets and with hearts
as Mght as their purses Claude Raymond
Harris and Alice Genevieve Phillips eloped
from San Francisco to-day. They braved
the dangers of the voyage across the bay
and landed about 10 o'clock this morning
at the County Clerk's office, bent upon se
curing all of the necessary and prelim
inary legal paraphernalia to a quiet little
wedding.
But after the love-sick groom had part
ed with $2 for a marriage license he count
ed up and found he had left only SO cents.
There was not a Judge within hailing dis
tance, and the youthful elopers found that
Oakland Justices of the Peace do not
marry on the cut-rate fee basis. So the
cup of happiness, nearly full, ¦was almost
shattered. The law allow* a Justice of
the Peace $3 as a marriage fee. The
would-be groom was shy exactly $2 20.
For five hours the pair sat on the court
house steps discussing their troubles,
when kind fortune in the person of Ray
mond T. Baker, deputy county clerk, hove
in sight.
Baker issued the license In the morning,
and a? he drifted back from his lunch he
observed the dejected pair. Something im
pelled him to address them. They poured
out their tale of woe, and it reached sym
pathetic ears.
"Oh, is that all? I'll fix that in a min
ute," said Baker, Jauntily. "I've got a
friend up the street who will attend to
you. Come along."
All smiles, the couple, escorted by the
clerk, headed up Broadway and speedily
were in the presence of Police Judge Mor
timer Smith.
"Some friends of mine," cheerily an
nounced the guide. "You fix them up, old
man."
Nothing loth to accommodate the blush
ingr couple and his friend Baker, the Jus
tice, after examining the license, tied the
knot.
"You are now man and ¦wife," declared
the Judge, and, sotto voce, "the fee Is $3."
"Oh, I forgot to say," interrupted 'Baker,
"that they are a little shy. But I'll be re
sponsible for that, old man."
The marriage license will be returned to
the voung people indorsed, "No fee col
lected." They reside at 3S Perry street,
San Francisco.
Claude Raymond Harris and Alice
Genevieve Phillips Had Not the
Fee, but Were Wedded
at Last.
Stranded Elopers Who Meet
a Friend in Need at
Oakland.
HAD THE KNOT
TIED BUT DID
NOT PAY FEES
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE #20, 1000.
WOMAN'S HAT ABLAZE
IN CROWDED CHURCH
of her hat and tore them from her head,
at I the same time extinguishing the
sparks which threatened to totally de
stroy her luxuriant hair. She sustained
painful burns about the hands and arms
while attempting to throw the blazing hat
into the aisle of the church.
The sight of the woman's head all
ablaze alarmed the congregation to such
an extent that for a few minutes a panic
appeared imminent. A dozen z^~.i sprang
to the assistance of Mrs. Lawrence, while
several women fainted. When quiet was
restored the devotional services were re
sumed. Mrs. Lawrence 1 was removed to
her home where a physician dressed her
burns.
MRS. J. D. LAWRENCE.
MATWARDS, June 19.— "While kneel
ing In prayer at the celebration of
the Feast of Corpus Chrlstl at the
Haywards Catholic Church Sun
day morning' Mrs. J. D. Lawrance Yiar
rowly escaped a horrible death by fire.
Mrs. Lawrence, with a number of other
communicants of the church, held lighted
candles as they knelt In devotion. Sud
denly the flames communicated to Mrs.
Lawrence's light summer hat.
Before the frightened woman or her
terrified friends could gather their wits
the hat had been consumed. Mrs. Law
rence reached for the charred remnants
13
of the most satisfactory sort— entertaining and at the same time delight-
fully instructive — will be provided for CALL readers in the summer term
programme of THE CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE commencing
Friday, June 15. The list of contributors embraces the names of such
eminent writers as Rev. Edward Everett Hale, D. D., Colonel Thomas
Wentworth Higginson, Elizabeth Stuart Phelps, Harriet Prescott Spof-
ford, Jesse Macy, LL.D., William J. Rolfe, Litt. D., and a score of other
prominent authorities.
The summer term will run from June 15 to October 14, presenting
six new courses, as follows: '.''"¦¦
(.AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
A continuation of Dr. Macy's popular papers, timely and very inter-
esting; illustrated with many portraits, maps and diagrams. The out-
line of topics is as follows: -^.'~-
1. The Last Whig Campaign. 8. The Reorganized Democratic
2. The Origin of the Republican Party.
Party. 9. Horace Greeley and the De-
3. The Dred Scott Decision. mocracy.
4. The Douglas Democrats. 10 ' Disputed Succession. End of
I' £ 6 S eCti ° n ° f 186 °- " £ S£« o?£e Spoils Systen,
6. The War and Anti-War Par- 12 . Democracy in Power.
ties. 13. Tariff Ascendent.
7.' Lincoln, Johnson and Recon- 14. Cleveland's Second Term,
struction. 15. Third Parties. ISBwl
II. DISCOVERERS AND EXPLORERS OF NORTH AMERICA.
Half a dozen specialists in American and Canadian History will pre-
pare the papers for this course, presenting the following subjects:
1. Early French Discoverers and 5. Early Spanish Discoverers
Explorers. and ExDlorers.
2. Early English Discoverers 6 * The *>^<>™rers and Explor-
and Explorers. ' _ « 8 °Jv the MiSSlSjd P p !l ,
_ _ . v. ,.._.. 7. The Discoverers and Explor-
3. Later English Discoverers . ers of the mMU Wcst
and Explorers. g. Th e Discoverers and Explor-
4. Early Dutch Discoverers and ers of the Mountains and tha
Explorers. Great West.
III. FAMOUS ART GALLERIES OF THE WORLD.
F. Hopkinson Smith, Arthur Hoeber and other distinguished art
critics will write entertainingly of the art treasures exhibited in large
cities abroad. The course will be generously illustrated and will include
the following papers:
1. The national Gallery, London. 6. The Vienna Gallery.
2. The Louvre and Luxembourg 7. The Berlin and German Gal-
Galleries, leries.
3. The Italian Galleries. 8. The Dutch Galleries.
4. The Madrid. Galleries. 9. The American Galleries.
5. The St. Petersburg Gallery.
IV. HISTORIC STUDIES IN HOME FURNISHING.
V. COMPARATIVE STUDIES OF TWO CENTURIES.
This course wjll be enjoyed particularly by THE CALL'S large con-
stituency of women readers — the thousands of progressive homemakers
who are ambitious to add in every way possible to the beauty and at-
tractiveness of their home environment. The studies have been prepared
by Margaret Ainslee — the pen name of a widely known writer — and will
be embellished with many very unique and unusual illustrations. The
outline of topics is as follows:
1. Old Clocks and Their Makers. 5. Decorative Features of Home
2. The Evolution of the Piano. Interiors.
3. Tapestries and Oriental Rugs. 6. History of Embroidery and
4. Historic Desks, Chairs and Lace.
Bedsteads. • 7. China, Pottery and Porcelain.
Frank A. Vanderlip, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury; O. P.
Austin, chief of the Bureau of Statistics; G. Stanley Hall, president of
Clark University, and many other prominent authorities will contribute
papers for this course. The outline of topics is as follows:
1. Foreign Trade in 1800, and 5. Manufactures in 18OO and
19.00. 1900.
2 Government in 180O and 6 - Geography in 1800 and 1900.
, BOO 7. Geology in 180O and 19OO.
iw". 8. Navigation in 1800 and 1900
3. Communication in 1800 and 9 Educ^ on ln 1800 and 1900 .
190 °- 10. Surgery in 18OO and 1900.
4. Transportation in I8OO and n. Medicine in 18OO and 1900.
1900. 12. Chemistry in 180O and 1900.
VI. LITERARY TALKS AND REMINISCENCES.
To those who love literature this will be the, most popular course
in the entire series. THE CALL has secured "literary talks" from men
and women who knew Longfellow and Holmes and Whittier and other
prominent American authors. personally. The purpose of the course i3
to present the men rather than their essays or poems. No set pro-
« gramme has been arranged. The contributors — Rev. Edward Everett
Hale, D. D.; Thomas Wentworth Hisrginson, William J. Rolfe, Litt.
D,; Elizabeth Stuart Phelps, Harriet Prescott Spofford and Professor
Lewis E. Gates— have been asked to talk simply out of the fullness of
their hearts." Their names are a guaranty of the delightful treat they
are certain to provide for Home Study Circle readers.THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAT, JUNE 20, \ 1900.
14
8A_N FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
cr.tli II o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH -OmCES— STT Montgomery street
corner Clay; epen until J:SO p. m.
S00 Hayes street; cpen until 9:J9 p. ra.
C2» McAllister 6treet; open until 9:20 p. m.
CIS Larkln etreet; cpen until »:30 p. m.
IS<1 Mission etreet; opea until 10 p. m.
_tl MiEsica ctreet, corner Sixteenth; opea un-
t'.l ( p- n.
lOfe Eleventh street: open until » p. m.
209C Valencia street: open until 9 p. m .
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
lucky street*; cpen cstll » p. m.
MEETING XOTICES.
cnocKrrr~i^e^so7mrTr&A. si. ji
-D. S. THIS EVENING. June 20, at 7
o'clock. By order _f the W. M. J%J\
H. FORTRIEDS. Sec. /V^
EXCELSIOR Loflte No. 186, F. _ A. M. m
-Special meeting THIS ("EDNES-
PAY) EVENING. June 20, at 7 o'clock. l^X
Second degree & .
MISSION Lodge No. 163, F. & *• M ~ ft
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) yS\-
EVENING, at 7:S0 o'clock. Second de- J\J\
ee«. GEO. D. BLACK, Sec. P. T. / ~^ >
SPECIAL and regular monthly .__._
meeting of the Servlan-Montene- _Cj_? *
grin L. and B. Society— Officers ,
and members, you are here- &<J3£?ffii
by requested to meet THIS 'ifrrjvi^
< Wednesday > evening. iW-SSlP
June SO. In your hall. 10 Call- tt«jra:;ri
for-nla et, at 7:30 o/clock. Busi- vi^sMFtgr
ness of importance will b« X5_2i>^
tr-aeactefl. Fines for non-at- '
tendance will be strictly en-
forced. E*y order of
M. K. TASOVAZ. President
EFIP.O VtrCOSAVLIEVICH. Secretary.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law _ epeclalty: private;
no fee without ruccees; collections. G. W.
HOWE. atty. at law, S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
R. W. KING. 827 Market e_. room 627; all
caaee: no advance charges; call or -write.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
VT. DAVIDSON. B27 Market st. opp. -t-son.
L. fi. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et. : consultation free: no fees In advance.
AUTOMOBILES
AUTOMOBILES-FRED WARD _ SON,
Agents. 46 Fremont st.
BELGIAN BARES.
FRAUD!!! ~~
There has been so much deception practiced
in Belgian Hares that the majority of persons
_re unable to determine -where they c_n get
fair and honest treatment.
Wcy not patronize the CALIFORNIA BEL-
GIAN HARE ASSOCIATION, as they have
the best line of animala In the Etate and are
thoroughly responsible for any representations
they may make. Adflress
GEO. A. YOUNG. Manager. Alameda, Cal.
BELGIAN hares— Fancy stock on sale; bred
and unbred does from $10 to $100; young pedi-
greed *tock on sale at reasonable prices; cor-
respondence solicited. Pajaro Valley Rab-
" bitry, P. O. drawer D, Watson'rtlle. Cal.
FOR eaJe— Very fine Etock of high-score, pedi-
rreed Belgian hares, all scored by Mrs. Bush.
100SH Butter tit.. San Francisco.
FREMONT Belgian Hare Co., 2134 Fillmore at.,
gan Francisco, Cal.— Send Cc in stamps for
book on care and feeding.
A FEW left— Heavrweicht pedigree bred does;
tnupt be sold to-<lay. IjC Tehama St.. off Third.
HARE Sanitarium— Treatment of sick hares;
positive snuffle cure. DR. JACOBS, 1616 Turk.
GOLDEN" GATE BELGIAN HARE C. 609 Gold-
en Gate ave.. S. P.; £00 rabbits ?or sale cheap.
BOOKS— NEW AXD OLD.
EfHOOL BOOKS bought - and exchanged.
Hoi— e;- B-»rk ~4 Mission gt.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^lSxTcORNER; wine and liquor store; only
one block from Market; rent $:>0; horse,
wag-on and a large stock; splendid paying
toufineFS; disagreement of partners cause' of
sale. See EL I G. WILKE. 2C'i Kearny st.
_A_S0"/>; RESTAURANT on Geary Et. ; close to
Chronicle building; rent chea-p; owner em-
ployed in National Bank; must cell at once.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26*j Keam y et.
A— $3000; i>RUG store on Montgomery St.; rent
J4<v <>£tato. vears: knowledge of business not
necessary. Call It. O- WILPCE. r€.i Kearny.
A^ JC&firt; BEST paying corner grocery and bar
on Hayes «t. ; no rent to pay: a splendid
chance. See .14. G. V.'ILKE. 2G\i Kearny st.
5500 — PARTNER ~ anted in a first-class saloon
one block north of Market: owner leaving for
Europe. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearay st.
AN Interest In transfer and express company,
doing a bueiners of J16.000 per year, in this
city and acrora the bay; ouner need* active
asFiftant. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A— S12T.0; BALOON elegantly fitted up; estab.
years and doing a good paying business; place
located close to Palace Hotel; rent $50; lease;
large stock, best quality; a rare offer. Call
R. G. WILKE, 2C4 Kearny st.
A— $o.%0; ELEGANTLY furnished restaurant; on
Stockton et. ; place estab. many years and do-
iug mehinsr. good-paving bafiness;* no better
cfter In market. R. G. WILKE, ;*% Kearay.
A— $C00; FRENCH restaurant in choicest loca-
tion of Latin rent $23; a pplendid
paying business; must be sold at once, ,as
ownc-rs are going to leave for Paris. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26>4 Kearay St.
A— ££&; CORNER cigar store, with card room,
close to corner Market and Powell sta.; a rare
chance. Ca.Il R. G. WILKE. 2ii^ Kearny at.
A— tS50; CORNER branch bakery and grocer}*,
with 4 living rooms, on Geary 6t.; low rent
and pood paying business; a rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26V» Kearny St.
5TS0— FALCON; north of Market Et. ; half price;
other buFlness cause of eale. MCLAUGHLIN
& CO.. TTT^j Market gt.
$5000 — PARTNER wanted; hay and grain busi-
ness, real estate included; part »casa if de-
Fired. Mclaughlin & co.. 7~vi Market st.
$i:>00— MILK route, near the city; established
business; elckness r-ause of sale. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777^ Market Et. __.
$1500— PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
of Btaple goods; will be required to take the
California agency for same. See McLAUGH-
L1N & CO., 777^ Market St.
JfOnONS, fancy goods, stationery, pastry;
well etocked; ra 'JEt sell. LANE. £K Market.
jgiy, — CANDY, Ice cream anfl stationery; fine
business; cheap rent. LANE & CO., S6i Mkt.
A — 1"00; NICE little house, 7 rooms; location
best north Slarket : owner there B years: going
Germany; must sell. Stenberg Co.. 933 Market.
SALOON for *aJe, doing a fine business; cen-
tral- near Market et.; strictest Investigation.
Call on SLINKEY - PAGE. 873 Market Et.
FOR aaJe or exchange — Good-paying country
hotel; established. C. HENDERSON, 2&4
Montgomery «t.
$50<V--OYSTER «r.a chop hour*; ladles' rooms;
dally receipta $20 to t2S. BASILE, 3 Eddy at.
BALOON for Bale; fine business; rent cheap.
Inquire Call office.
J16&— RESTAURANT; worth V406; must be aold.
Call etnee. __^
PARTNER wanted for fire t -class restaurant;
some capital required. Address box €35. Call.
ESTABLISHED 18 years; tlSOO cash will bur a
cle_n etock of Je~ e-Iry, French plate fixtures
and lante sale In town of 8500; county seat;
San Joaquln Valley; reason, retiring from
business. For particulars apply at NORD-
aiAX BROS.. 1S4 gutter St.. S. F.
FOR BALE— Half Interest in first-class plumb-
ing ehop a.rA store In good location within
W miles of Ban Francisco. Address box €28
Call ofnee. . - .
yOR SALE — Good Fayir.gr route on this paper.
' ifiply at office.
_53rtNER grocery ana bar; -well stocked; 4 large
living rooms; rent £_. Apply Railroad Brew-
ery. 427 Valencia et.
FOR eale— Etate right of Dr. Springsteen's dis-
coveries; originator of Vlavi remedies. 2421
Fillrnore Et.
jCOO—AN old-established blacks— ltninc; and
Iiorpeshoeing business sacrificed on account of
death of owner. 22 Cortland ave., ar. Mission.
IXJN'T miss the tripods and lamps at the
BACKUS STUDIO. 11 Geary; other bargains.
C>OD corner grocery and bar; deelr— ble loca-
tion; no agents. Address box C18, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS fihoe shop; rood prices; good
work; Email etock thoeo. S22 Hush gt.
BARBER shop for pale. 1C2C Hdye Bt.
FIVE years established— Home dining room for
pale; J175; worth J100; eta ads investigation.
O>6 Geary . st. -
THREE-CHAIR barber shop for Bale; cheap.
Inquire at BERNARD'S. 104 Seventh Et.
%'M— BRANCH bakery and cheap cash grocery;
good gtock: cheap rent. LANE. 865 Market.
1309— SALOON and lunch house. 4 rooms, eult-
aMe for man and wife: sickness cause; low
' rent. C6S Mirslon St. ,¦
COFFEE and tea -routes supplied from OEO.
TV. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento- at.
FOR rale or exchange Tor ; Jew elry. •* ftocfc of
fancy goods. Box lEL Gilroy.Cal. ¦
BAKERY, notions: etore for EaJe cheap;; corner
More; rest 115. - ttl Natoma si. ¦ . . . . . ,
. BUSINESS CHANCES— COIfTIJ~ED.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location; place Is entirely covered . and con-
tains S stalls; rent only $15; water free. In-
quire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call
building. -
$1100— SALOON; Bplendid location; first-class
etock and fixtures; full Investigation allowed;
parties meaning business look at this before
buying elsewher*. Apply 79 Third »t
OFFER you established city business; paying
$4 daily over all and every expense; easily
learned; profits very large: $700 or close offer
for quick settlement 411 Kearny st
WELL-ESTABLISHED Republican weekly
paper, with small Job plant; good outfit;
cheap. Address box 611, Call office.
FOR sale— Good-paying bakery route, horse and
wagon. Apply. 717 Sixtieth at. between Grove
st. and Ehattuck ave.. Oakland.
TO lease— Waltermlre Belmont Hotel property.
Apply to GEO. C. ROSS,* Belmont
$400— CORNER grocery and bar: 4 living rooma;
account of sickness. 1111 Howard; no agents.
$1800— BARGAIN— Grocery and bar; good etock;
large bar trade. Apply 30 Lily ave.
$1250— INSIDE route on this paper. Inquire
631 Sacramento et BAPTISTE.
$400— RESTAURANT; bargain on account of
departure. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Mrkt.
NURSERY for sale: Jobs and tools. Including
florist 1724 Central ave. ; ;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 va-
lencla ft.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market over the
Wonder Millinery: telephone Mint 1591.
18 rooms JGOO. 20 rooms 1600
24 rooms 700 15 rooms 475
22 rooms, Oakland. 1200' 19 rooms 700
FURNISHED house of eleven rooms, good as
new; cheap; party going away before July
1; nine rooms rented to permanent roomers;
rent reasonable; good bargain. 411A Turk st.
CAHRIAUES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EAGAN* - SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at 032 Mission et.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th — Valencia.
CARPET BEAT1XG ASD CLEAJVIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel. 8. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
-342-344 McAllister Et.; phone South US.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 24D 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 88-40 8th at ; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaiytig Co..
453 Stevenson st., tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at So per yard; laid at 4o.
BTRATTON'S, 3 Eighth et-: tel. Jessie »44.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter s_;
tel. Main 381 GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Oate ave.: telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
C. MAYO-STEERS, trance medium. UFA Oak
at. ; readings $1; time limited ; tel. Howard 627.
ATTEND MME. MARQUISE'S circle to-night
. at 8, 10c. 6 Hyde St.; skeptics come.
AT Friendship Hall. _J5 McAllister— Mra. Mey-
er: convincing test to-night 10c; sittings dally.
MRS. KOTTER, epiritual medium; sittings; G.
$L L. EOc; clr. Mo., Tu.. Wed., FrL, 10c. 34 6th.
WYLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis Et. 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.. Sundays Included.
EDWARD EARLE. S30 Ellis— Sittings dally thla
week only; seance Sunday. 24th.
MRS. DUNHAM, medium: readings dally; clr.
Tuee.. Frl.. 2, 8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
"GO to Watson"; Epiritual medium and- palm-
ist; lucky and truest 1581 Market, nr. 12th; 25c.
MRS.J.J.WHITNEY. clairvoyant test, buelnesi
medium. life reader: sitting. SI. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 205 Turk at.
may be consulted on all affairs of life; she
•will show you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles; restore lost affec-
tions; unite the separated; satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS.. DR. CLARK, 205 Turk
St., near Jones.
MME.LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; ne\-er falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market Bt. bet 7th and 8th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant _ card
reader born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladles 50c.
gents $1; palm. & clatr. ; ait $1 SO. 126 Turk Bt
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; best advice. S23
Mission Et.. near 4th. rm. 3: 25c up; ring bell.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader; readings. 25c; no sign.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 25c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant card reader;
sittings dalty. 212'/4 Sixth Et
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st
MME EYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
bend'g picture; 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
legg successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET. I
BROAD'S place. 3. off Bush, bet Hyde and
Larkin— Cottage of 6 rooms; large cellar;
rent. $15. ¦
$20— COTTAGE 6 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
large basement. Key at 711 Treat ave.
5 BUNNY rooms, nice garden, cheap to small
family. 1270 Folsom st, near Ninth. .
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hour? 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. aa. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. Me; gas given. -
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O ; FarreU st. on
vacation from June 13 until July _
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market at, corner. Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 225 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4: crowns. $3; fllllnga, 25c.
BET of teeth without plate. . DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap creates a
emooth, silky coat; for sale by all druc-lsts
or a t the hospital, %10 Golden Gate ave.
DR. BUZARD'B Dog Hospital. Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city "Visits $1 60; all
nr.Imals treated: Joks boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL'B is the place to learn dressmak-
. ing and ladles' tailoring; eve.' class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT. C30 Sutter at. dressmaking
school ; any pattern cut to measure.
6 F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring 1 eystem taught 411 Van Nesa.
PARISIAN dressmaking; £87 Geary at; dresses
- made, Ji up; dresses-made over; perfect fit
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor— Moffatt.
EDCCATIOHAL.
ALL students bet two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FKAN CISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market at.
AYRES*. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
. ket st.; life scholarship, $50; includes ehort-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, S05 Larkln st:
the coming school; thorough: up-to-date: all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day/ eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, S33 Market
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M/O. 1 BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
YOUNG lady of Eood family, educated in Eu-
rope, desires to give Instructions In German,
painting and embroider}'. Box €12, Call.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE.. 24 Post st.
S. F.; founded 1863; SO-page catalogue : free.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
laflleg and gentlemen. O. Bins. 86 Geary, r. 84.
GALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand; bookkeeping. Parrot t big.; cat' log.
PROF. MERKI. successful teacher of mandolin,
\-iolin and guitar. . IOCS Mission. ; above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School: modeling,
designing, carving; all branches, 424 Pine at.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, gram mar,' writing.
. etc; -ajr or *\t. ; $6 mo. 1024 Mission." nr. 6th.
EJIFLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 PoBt. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.'
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
turn. ; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay ss.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
beet heTp turn.; tel. John 212L 806H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Of flee—
Best help. 411^_ O'Farrell st,; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMEXT WANTED- -FESIA_.B.
COMPETENT Swedish cook wants a place; a
flpst-class French second girl, best of refer-
ences; a first-class boarding-house cook; city
references; a competent Swedish girl wants a
place for house-work; a nrst-class waitress,
hotel. Await situations at MISS CULLEN' S,
325 Sutter st -'' " '
A— DANISH' woman desires blankets for wash-
ing. 6 Boston place, off First at., j between
Folsom and Harrison.
A— WOMAN wishes steady place in Protestant
family doing housework; good housekeeper;
no postals. Address 1988 Bush st. .
RESPECTABLE, Intelligent lady desires place-
as companion or ae housekeeper for elderly
person. Box 1760, Call.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to do
housework in a small family; good plain cook;
kind to children. Box 629. Call of floe.
i RESPECTABLE women would like positions
as housekeeper and one to sew. Apply 603
Sixth st.
EXPERIENCED girl wishes situation for cook-
ing and housework in American family;
wages $20. 1022 Larkin st . ¦
POSITION wanted by a competent second girl
and waitress In private family. 126 Lily ave.,
near Gough st .' - -
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day, washing,
housecleaning. 611 Turk at.
GOOD reliable woman wants to do general work
and plain cooking by the day- or week. Box
B, S00 Hayes st. " '
COMPETENT girl wishes situation to do down-
stairs work and cooking. Call at 811 Geary
et.. near Larkln. - *•"'
FRENCH lady nurse of good appearance, kind
and catient, wishes position to take care In-
valid or children; no objection to travel Eu-
rope or resort. Call 418 Ellis St.. room 85.
WOMAN wishes situation as nurse, care of in-
fants. Invalids or to do sewing. 8 Seventh st
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
light housework and cooking. 2206 Tweuty-
. third st., bet. Kansas and Rhode Island.
POSITION by American Protestant woman to
do chamberwork: sleep home. Box 610. Call
Office. ¦ "
DRESSMAKER wishes a ftw more- encase-
ments by the day In families. Either call
between 7 and 8 p. m., or address MISS'S..
1418 Jackson st.
ELDERLY lady .would Wke position as house-
keeper or would take light housework. 808
. Turk at
WOMAN with a child wants position as work-
Ing housekeeper In email family or for wid-
ower; In city or country. 616 Capp et.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; fre« bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been established at 1096
Valencia at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
YOUNG married man, Danish, wishes position;
suburbs of city preferred; horses, cows, gar-
den and general work; understands that work
thoroughly; good references. J. N.. 1715
Stockton st
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, for private
family; sober; uses no tobacco; fine all around
man; not afraid of work; many years with
same employer: very best references. Ad-
dress for a week. A. W.. S69 Mission at.
CARPENTER wants groceries from a whole-
sale firm to retail at his store in exchange
for his labor; good all-round man. Apply J.
P. SMITH. 27 Mason st
Al EKGIKEER desires employment; can do all
kind of repairing on engines, pumps, boilers,
• etc.; city -or country. . Address G. BUSCH,
74S Minna at
YOUTH (16), residing with parents, dealrea sit-
uation In wholesale house; 2% years Btock
clerk in last place; salary low to commenoe.
Box 624, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, desires work
In private family; thorough experience:
strictly sober; uses no tobacco: not afraid of
¦work; undeniable references. Rv, 869 Mission.
COACHMAN and general work; experienced in
care of horses, carriages, garden, etc. ; refer-
ences. Address A. R.. 1104 San Pablo ave..
Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by a man as gardener,
hostler or to do general work around place;
city or country; reference. Box 4400, Call.
EXPERIENCED storekeeper and steward (Ger-
man) wishes situation at seaside or country
resort; steady position pref'd. Box 630, Call.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener wants
situation: steady, sober and reliable; can.
milk; best references. Box 2925, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes situation In
private family; good washer and Ironer.
HOM GOUIE, 715 Dupont at.
YOUNG man of 18 wishes employment; to learn
trade preferred. Box 625, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man In book-
store- 6 years' experience in new and old
books. Address box 617. Call.
ENGINEER and machinist; young; practical
all-round mechanic; is also millwright; has
long experience around machinery; first-class
references. Box 2912. Call. -
COACHMAN (middle-aged man) wants situa-
tion; wages reasonable; good references. C
B-. box 606. Call office.
JAPANESE first-class cook want* situation;
with good reference. Box 619. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement*, and
Fubscriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia at. - • " -
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
' 1071V4 Market st — Examinations free; German
eye water by mail, 50c. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS, cottages, etc A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market, at
tO19 Pine: f. 7 r $251 813% Buch'n: I. 6 r.$14
783 Halght; a f. 7 r.$2511214A Scott; „ 4 r...$13
417 Jones; f. 6 r $25 112 Fell; f. 4 r......$l«
413 Hermann; h. 8 r.$30| 40 Belvedere; f. t r.$25
A 8-ROOM flat: corner; sunny; 2 bay -windows;
all modern lmprovem'ta; 1st floor. 417H Third.
A— S UPPER sunny modern flats, 5 and 6 rooms,
bath each. 967, 973, 976 Golden Gate ave. '
CORNER bay-window flat 7 rooms, bath, gas;
cottage of 6 rooms, basement, yard. 1876 • Flf-
teentb at. near Dolores.
COZY, lnexpenelve flats, 4 and 6 rooms, bath.
1042 and 1014 Sacramento rt. below Mason.
FLAT of B large sunny rooms and bath; yard;
basement. 728 Fourteenth at
FOLSOM, BES— Flat of 3 rooms; hot and cold
water; ranee; very desirable. *'
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW modern sunny " flata; bath,- yard, base-
ment; 6 and 7 rooms; reaa. 1931-1935 O'Farrell.
6UNNY upper flat; 8 rooms; bath; all sunny;
rent $25. Cor. .Broadway and Larkln st.
TEHAMA, 250 and 250%— Good flaU; 4 and 5
rooms; Vi month free; $8 and $10. SPECK &
CO., 667 Market at.
UPPER sunny flat, 5 rooms; rent $12. 437 Ivy
ave.; key 478 Hayes at. • . .
• ROOMS and bath: clean; rent $2). ~ 881 Harri-
son Bt., near Sixth.
6 ROOMS and bath; clean; rent $32. 981 Haxri-
aon st. near Sixth. ¦• ----•;-
FL'HMTUKK KOIt SALE. .
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $43 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. " 1127-1131 Market.
FUKMTUUtt WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission at, paya
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. -757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP -WANTED— FEMALE. . I
GIRLS. GIRLS. * GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'s overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS, 32V4 Fremont
DRIED , fruit facers; -' long -.* Job; ; piece work.
¦ App'y , at Terminal Warehouse, 532 Townsend
St., immediately for registration...
APPRENTICES and \ operators - on . overall*.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. QoUKh
- and ¦ Grove »t«. . *¦':,--¦ ;.-- :. rv .-.- .;¦¦ : .'•.."
WANTED— An experienced waitress. Apply So
¦ Third at. Palace ; Grotto. ¦ '
OIRL wanted to : - do - general - housework. Call
SO* Steiner et. near Halght.. - .-
• *
';•!. ' HELP WANTKD-iPBMALB. ' - -
C. R. Hansen & Co ......Phone Grant 186
. rHOTELi DEPARTMENT... .........
2 waitresses, Gllroy Springs, $20; 2 waitresses,
Ban Rafael, $20; waitress, Geysers, $20. . fare
'here; waitress, Saratoga Springs. , $20, fare
here; waitress. Mill Valley, $20; waitress,
Johannisberg, $20; waitresses, Stockton Napa,
Woodland, Bakersfleld, Visalla, Vallejo,
Fresno and city, $20 and $25, many of them
fare paid ;-• woman for plain washing and
Ironing f summer resort. *30, fare paid; fancy
: lroners, city and country. $25, $30 and $35.
' FAMILY DEPARTMENT.. ..........
Nurse for 2 children, aged 9 and 6, $15;
, working housekeeper city. $15 to $20; B house-
girls, city. $26 smalf families: houseglrl, San
Rafael, |25; houseglrl, Sausallto. $20; young
girl to assist housework, Martinez, no cook-
ing, no washing, $15; plain cook, Santa Clara,
$25, no housework, fare paid If remain 1
month; housegirl Mill Valley. $18; German or
Scandinavian girl, Alameda. J20; others. C.
. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary St.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress. Mill Valley,
$20; second girl, city, $20; restaurant waitress,
$7 per week: cook' and second girl, same
• house, $25 and $15, city; French nurse. Santa
Cruz, $20; cook for men, city, $20. i MISS
CULLEN. 825 Sutter Bt. : ¦
FIRST-CLASS waitress, resort. $25; fare paid.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at
GERMAN cook. Institution across the .bay, $30;
also German chambermaid and waitress,
same place, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
WORKING housekeeper, city. $20. - MISS CUL-
LEN. 825 Butter St. . ¦ ' -
WANTED— First-class cook, Jewish family,
city, no wash, $30; cook, plain wash, Ban Ra-
faej, $30; cook, restaurant $8 week; 4 second
girls, city and country. $20 and $25; chamber-
maid and waitress for resort. $25; 2 wait-
resses, summer resort, fare paid, $20; cook,
Jewish Btyle, no wash, S in family, $30;.work-
lng housekeeper, country, $15; cook, country
hotel, $30; German nurse and seamstress $20;
8 waitresses, boarding houses In city. $20; 6
ironens for hotel and laundries. $30 an_ $3o;
60 girls for housework In city and country .at
$20. $25 and $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT.-
, 316 8utter st. v '
WANTED— Girl for general housework; must
be good cook. Apply 608 California at. room
3. between 9 and 12 a. m. Wednesday. -
FIRST-CLASS French and German" cook de-
sires situation in private family; city or
country. Call 917 Larkln st
FIRST-CLASS sewers to take work home; ap-
ply from itoUtum. H. FRIBDLANDEK.
338 Fell gt ¦"'"'...
EXPERIENCED saleslady to take charge of
ladles' .underwear department MARKS
BROS.. 1212 Market Bt - -
CUTTER— Ladies' and Infants' wear; state ex-
perlence; references. B. BROS, box 622. Call.
GIRL for housework and cooking, three adults.
1B36 Grove at. - ' ' -¦
WANTED— Finishers on ladles' cloaks and
sUlta. Apply L. HORVITZ. 751 Market st.
WAITRESS wanted at 283 Sixth st.
WArrRBSS wanted. 183 Seventh st.
WANTED— A young neat girt to wait at table.
1522 Kentucky st ¦ »-.
OPERATORS wanted on shirts and overalls;
Inexperienced taught. 410^ Mission at.
APPRENTICE .for dressmaking. Apply 13*)
Guerrero B t.
EXPERIENCED bookfoldera wanted. FRANK
MALLOYE, 422 Sacramento st.
GOOD finisher wanted on custom coats. Apply
at 186 Shipley et: steady work. ¦
RELIABLE girl, care of children, upstairs
work. Call 2201 Broderlck. cor. Washington.
WAITRESS wanted at 136 Second at. Please
call early.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to assist In light
housework. 158 Silver Bt, bet. 3d & 4th; call.
GIRL; housework, cooking; family of 2; wsgea
$20; references. 1445 McAllister st.
WANTED— A young girl to do general house-
work. 509^., Hyde at .
YOUNG girl or elderly woman to assist with
children and light work. 400 Tenth st.
GIRL for housework and cooking; 2 In help;
$15. 1117 Van Ness ave.
WANTED— Girl to work In dining-room from
11 to 2. 619 Sacramento st
LUNCH waitress wanted at 272 Brannan at.
WANTED-;Young girl for light housework;
sleep home If convenient 1924 Howard at
WANTED — Experienced corset lady; one who
understands fitting. 'Box 636, Call office.
GIRL wanted for housework; call after 9 a. m.
S69 Mlsslcn st. •
EXPERIENCED fruit canners wanted Immedi-
ately. Apply U. 8. FRUIT PACKING CO..
Harrison ave., off Folsom. at., bet Seventh
and Eight— >
EE
WANTED— 200 women and girls to work on
fruit. Apply Immediately U. S. FRUIT
PACKING CO., Harrison ave.. between Sev-
enth and Eighth sts., off Folsom.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework;
wages $10. 162S Buchanan at.
GIRL to do general . housework; 8 In family;
$15. 729 Golden Gate ave. %
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 858 How-
ard St.. bet 4th and 5th. over handball court
YOUNG German girl for upstairs work. 1207
Gough st. ¦
GIRL for light housework. , 1312 Buchanan at,
between Eddy and Ellis.
GOOD chocolate dipper; steady wages, $7 60
per week. Box 2664. Call office. -
GIRL wanted for light housework: good home.
623 Halght st. _________
SMART lady with ability to solicit; $6 and com-
mission ; 9 to 12. 916 Market St.. room 42.
WANTED— Girl for general housework ; good
cook. Call 2303 Van Negs ave.. bet. 9 and 12.
IRONERS wanted on ladies' and children's
wear; to work In factory- 723 Mkt. room 35.
WANTED— Waitress. Hotel Repelier, 781 Sut-
ter at. ' i
SMALL girl; care for baby; good home. 106
Bernard at, near Broadway, off Jones.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st, bet 13th and 14th sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. ¦ • '¦
HELP WANTED— MALES.
AT C. R, HAN8EN & CO.'S.... 104 GEARY ST.
200 teamsters and laborers _, $2 a day
New railroad For State of Nevada
Ship dally ...Fee $1.. ...Free fare
200 men for coast road ..$2 a day
Ship dally Fe« $1 ..Free fare
200 laborers S. P. Co. work ..$2 a day
Ship dally Fee $1 Free fare
60 men, railroad worto Truckee.... $1 90 a day
Ship to-day ...Fee $1 ...Free fare
25 4-horse teamsters, L. A. Dlv......$2 a day
Ship to-day .....Fee $1 ...Free fare
Track gang Moore Park.. ....$2 a day up
Ship to-day ..Fee $1 .....Free fare
4 blacksmiths ...............;.........".........•..
......1 wheelwright. $2 60, $3 and found:
8 miners, $2 60; 2 machine men, $3; bricksetter.
¦ $60; 10 milkers, $30; 10 farmers, $30; 20 wood-
men, see boss here, $35 to $45 - and found;
gardener and wife, see boss here, $50; 200 men
for other kinds of work, $2 a day; 4 men to
build fences, $2 25 a day; man and wife, pri-
vate place, $45.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
Hotel clerk country, $50 to $75; hotel steward,
country. $50 to $60; 2 elevator boys, hotel,
country, $15; 8 waiters, springs, $30: 20 wait-
era, hotels, city and country, $26 and $30; 2
pastry cooks and bakers, $60 and $50;. pastry
cook, no bread, < $50; baker, and assistant,
range. $50; railrpad camp cook, $60;. waiter.
$25; free fare: cook for dredger, $40; pantry-
man, make salads, hotel. Santa Crus, $30; sil-
ver roan. $25; 40 dishwashers, city and couti-
. try hotels. $20, $25 and $30. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. ¦ " . "i-""
JANITOR with good references. $50. C. R.
HANSEN _ CO ...104 Geary ht. :
WANTED ...............i......
Blacksmith; country shop; sea boss here.
4 miners; steady place..'.. ..$3 day
milker; steady place; city.. ............ ......$30
milker; Oakland.... $32 CO
crosscut sawyer, San Mateo Co.... ........ $35
slaughterer and stable work .i....$S0
bakers' helper; country ;.:.$S0
6 dumber pliers; south..... ..SZo
brickyard laborers $30
milker; 12 cows and farm ..$30
6 laborers for mine ...V.......;......V..$1 75 day
' . W. .D. ; EWEK & CO.. -610 Clay :st.-
A— DAIRYMAN, eprtngs. $25; fare here; waiter,
country hotel, $20; dishwasher, same place,'
$17 £0, middle-aged German preferable; 2 ranch
hands, $25 each. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
BARBERS' Progressive fe Union— Free • employ-
ment.H. Bernard. Bee. .104 7th; tel. Jessie 1S1J
BUTTER maker to take charge of creamery. In
the country ,s Apply 239 Seventh st. "" . . V,
WANTED— 6 coa.tma.kers • E by * t " o'clock, this
moraine. 2819 Greenwich st. . ¦'¦ ; - - ,
: EELP WAHTED-__U-
MURRAY & READY.......;.. Phone Main 6848
heading Employment and Labor Agents.
.'...........WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY......
BOO men for railroad work, reconstruction and
new work on following divisions: Dunsmuir,
Shasta. Truckee, State of Nevada, Salt Lake,
Sacramento, Western, and all/Coast divisions
of California, Santa Barbara, Los Angeles.
We ahip you on all above divisions free fare
and of rice fee $1, no other expenses.
..AGAIN AVE PAY TOUR FARE. -
TO 35 SAWMILLS, ETC .•••
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED '....
663 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages ' from $26 to $40 per
month and found
Also lumber . pliers, bark peelers, ?40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, jackscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen, in
fact, we want help of every description for
eawmllls. woods, etc.. $80, $75, $90. $120. $60,
$50, $40, $30 and found; 584 woodchoppers, tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines,
$3, $2 50, $2, $150, $1 and 75c cord; shingle
Joiner, shingle packer; 25 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare (aid, $40 and found..... '..'.••
50 laborers, handy with hatchet, to build flume
. •• $30, $35, J4» and found
LUMBER PILERS FARE PAID
10 men to pile lumber, $30 and found, see
boss here, fare paid, to go to-day..
..HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CREWS..
Header wagon drivers, $2 a day. and found;
2S2 men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work
, In fields, header men, etc., $1 25, $1 50, $2 day
and found;- come and see
....STABLES, VINEYARDS. ORCHARDS....
1 ......7..:. ...GARDENS.. i
• 16 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $40, $35,
$30, $25 and found...........
129 vineyard and orchard hands, $35, $30, $20
and found;, 6 gardeners, I stableman, all for
private families, $30, $25, $20 and found; bug-
gy washer. $50; come and see :.
DAIRIES. CHEESE FACTORIES
39 milkers for different places, $35, *30 and
found; 5 butter makers and run separators,
boss here, $35 and found; 5 cheesemakers, dif-
ferent jobs, $35 and $40 and found
..MEN AND BOYS TO CUT FRUIT AND..
BERRY PICKERS
B0 boys and men to cut fruit, no experience
. required, piece work, can make good wages
..Also 150 Berry Pickers..
SPECIAL
Farmer and wife, $C0 and found, see boss
here, fare paid '..
man and wife for private place $45 and fd
4 machine miners $90
• MECHANICAL HELP
Carpenter, sawmill company, $40 and found,
fare < paid; ranch carpenter; cooper, $3 day:
cooper to ¦ make butter kegs;. 18 black-
smiths and horseshoers, $2 50, $60, $70, $45 and
$30 and found .'
....S. P. R. R.-DIFFERENT DIVISIONS....
.Free. fare Office fee $1
Section and reconstruction and new I work
laborers; you'll suit; regular wages
50 laborers,- S. P. R. R . $2 day, free fare
..SPECIAL NOTICE.. MINES.. BIG WAGES..
35 laborers for mines, no experience required;
you'll suit, $40 to $43 per month and found; 29
miners, single hand $90 and $75
Crowds going to gold mines
..'.'. ..For a new mine
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 60, J34 and
found; 6 men and wives for ranches, $40, $35,
$30 and found ¦
' Read these carefully
8S5 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, -also many for San Francisco, $3,
$2 50, $2, $1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
home
For other positions come -down and read
billboards. V
6 laborers for mine company, fare 50c, $50 and
found; 12 single-handed miners, fare $2 50, $60
and found
Coal Miners Hard Rockmen Drillers
Rockmen Hammersmen, $2 25 day
Strong man for meat warehouse, $2 25 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A-LAUNDRY....CANDYMAKER3 ....COOKS
Candymaker, country $40
Laundryman. institution .....$35 and found
Chef cook, mine boarding houee.....
..< .- $50 to $60 and found
camp waiters - %.$25 and. $20
second baker .$40 and found
IS cooks. $35, $40. $45 and $60 and found;
butchers. $35 and $30; cooks for ranches and
hay press. $30 and found; first and second
bakers, $50 and $35, fare paid; bakers and
helpers, $30 and $40 and found; boy for bak-
ery. $20 and found; cook and wife. $50 and
found; waiters, bakery, cafe, hotels and re-
sorts, $30, $35 and $40 and found; young man
for lunch counter, $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper, stenographer and
typewriter, large company, $80 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
MILLWRIGHT, $3 75 day; 2 wheelwrights, $3
day and $35 and board ; 5 blacksmiths, $1 50,
$2 and $2 60 day and board; blacksmith help-
ers; tank cooper, $2 60 to $3 day; machine
man for planing mill, $3 day; machine
miner, $3 day; carriage painter; 2 washers
and starchers; stycher and ironer; carpenter,
$3 day. J. F. CROSETT Agency. 628 Sacra-
mento st ¦
FARMERS and milkers. $25. , $30; men and
wives for ranches and private families, $35
and $50; Jackscrewers, $40; barkers, $35; la-
borers for mill and woods. $26. $35 and $52:
choreman for resort. $25; 3 stablemen. $30 and
board and $50, and others. J» F. CROSETT
Agency, 628 Sacramento st ,
2 COOKS for men. $25 and $30; cook and wife,
country, $55; 2 cooks, country hotels, $45 and
$40; fry cook, $45; restaurant kitchen men:
second cook, $50; night cook, $8 week; 2 hotel
waiters, country hotels, $25 and $30: restaurant
¦waiters, city and country, $30, and cake bak-
er, $13 week; baker, country shop, $12 week
and found; second baker, $40 and found, and
many others. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 623
Sacramento st.
COACHMAN and wife for private family, $65;
cook and wife for small country hotel, j $55.
see lady here at 11 o'clock to-day; farmer and
wife, $40. Apply to J. F. CROSETT, 316 Sut-
ter st.
HIGH-CLASS salesmen wanted everywhere ' to
sell latest Improved high-class dry chemical
fire extinguisher; will pay you handsomely
for your service. THE FYRICIDE CO.. 44
Murray st, N. Y.
ENERGETIC boy, 15 to 16 years; one had ex-
perience In paint shop, who can furnish good
recommendation from formftr employers. Box
633, Call office. -
ELDERLY man to help sell fruit off of wagon;
$15 per month and found. 128 Henry; call be-
' tween 12:30 and 2 p. m.
CATHOLIC man for grocery store; one with
.old country experience; wages $25 and board.
Box 620. Call office. ...
WANTED — Steady man; light indoor work;
will pay $60 per month, with chance of in-
crease; small capital. 1016 Market, room 10.
WANTED — Two retail grocery salesmen wUl-
• Ing to go In the- country: give reference alid
experience. Box 2909, Call of flee. .
WANTED— An experienced machinist for
Florlston, Cal.; steady work. Apply 707 Front
st, upstairs. • .
THREE laborers, pick and shovel; 2 teamsters.
Fourteenth ave. and N st South, take Ken-
• tucky-st. cars. ! - ,
BARBERS— The finest 6-chalr outfit on the
coast; to be sold at great sacrifice as a whole
or In parts. STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
A-COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS.
& CO.. 24 Sutter st -
A— GOOD tinner wanted by WIESTER & CO.,
22 Second st., S.'F.
GOOD barber wanted; short hours; steady Job.
1301^ Valencia at. ' « -
BOY wanted for Jewelry store; state reference.
Box 626, Call office. S
WANTED — A young man 18 years old for gro-
cery store. 1622 Waller St., cor. Shrader.
FIRST-CLASS chief cock; must have reference.
Box 623. Call office. '
BOOTBLACK In short hour barber shop. 2OV4
California st, near Drumm. |
WANTED—Dlshwasher. 435 Ellla St.
WANTED— A boy to work In foundry. 125
Beale st. .
BOY wanted at Union-square Market, stalls 1
and 2. - „ -. -' - -
WAITER w anted, at 922 Battery st
BARBER wanted: steady. 519- Kearny st.
SHORT qrder cook wanted. 7 Ninth st. '
WANTED— Bootblack; good wages. 217 Mont-
gomery st. v -
TWO first-class painters at 9:30. 4 Grove St.,
near Larkin. \ '
COOK wanted— First-class order ¦ cook, night
work, $45 1 per month. Address box 632. Call.
NIGHT cook wanted at _ Third St. '
WANTED— Good solicitor for something new.
Apply 873 San Pablo ave., Oakland.
WANTED— Good barber at 1759 Union at.
BOY wanted. / Apply • 17 Drumm st
EXPERIENCED barkeeper wanted. 34 East
'¦-• street. ¦ ¦ • '..'¦' -','.;/' ; \
GOOD barber wanted: show > for steady work.
' 1405 Polk st.' ¦-.- : . '.,
MEN with nervous .or private disea's. should
apply at Y.S.Med. Institute, 1118 Market st
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly daniaged.' half
-price. .562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d fits',
WAITER wanted at C13 Clay St.. ;
BOY wanted for drug store.. Apply 542 Halght
• street. ' . '•/ -. ' _ ' ; - .
BARBER shop with '¦ baths," good location, clt j;
for sale; 1 prloe $230.. Box 614, Call.- . \ .-¦- .
BOY drive wagon, help grocery and bar; wages
|?(S r>er week... Box; 613. .Call. l: , : .. .., : • - . .
iBOY and' srirl hustlers during vacation; can
!•*¦ earn;good salaries. Box: 609," Call.
! BA RBERS— 3-qhair shop - tor ¦ sale, -i 215 ' O'Far-
,, reU.Bt.- . ...-^ . . .-. - - . . .-.,:
HEIP WASTED MALE.
WANTED— Recruits for tho United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and. 33 years; not less than 5 feet
4 inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and ppeak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
OfSce, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal., or
630 K st, Sacramento, Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class: special Inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trade:
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, «33
play st.
¦WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Agent: every household needs it:
big. money. TOMINSKI. 210 Eddy St.; call
between 11 and 12.
WANTED— 2 and 4 horse teamsters; apply
early Monday at 527 14th St., near Guerrero.
San f ranclsco Construction Company.
GET your shoes half-soled -while waiting. 23c to
50c. E62 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sta.
RELIABLE man to atteifd cash counter; look
after help in restaurant: as partner; $400 re-
quired; Al chance. 79 Third St.
GROCERY clerk wanted; no bar; German pre-
ferred; references. 2420 California st.
$150— BARBER shop: best location on Market
St.: cheap rent. 1542 Market st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
MAN or boy to do janitor work for tuition at
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard St.
GEKTLEMEM'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO, D, CAMPBELL, lawyer; 18
— a; years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free-
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions Uaa been established at 1096 Va-
lencla gt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
HORSES, LI VK STOCK. Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
; carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
S27 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTY' S. 2170 Market St.; Castro-
st. cars pass the door.
FOR sale— Fine bay horse, buggy and harness;
the whole outfit In good order. 907 Golden
Gate ave. .
CARLOAD young horses, weighing 1200 to 1500.
J. D. FORRESTER, salesman, 1638 Mission.
HORSES— Young, well broken, for all purposes,
cheap; best in city. 721 Howard st-, nr. Third.
FOR rale— 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. (105 Golden Gate ave.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FELL, . 2S1, between Gough ' and Franklin—
House, 9 rooms, bath; yard: rent $20.
SUBURBAN RESIDENCES.
MENLO PARK— Rent reasonable; to leasa for
3 years. or more; 8 acres; new house; partly
furnished; 15 large rooms: hardwood floors;
servants' cottage; outbuildings, orchard, gar-
den, etc.; 2 wells and city water; 10 minutes'
drive from railroad' station. Address MRS.
BOWIE. Menlo Park.
LOW AM» FOUND.
LOST— Purse containing money and railroad
passes on steamer Newark, leaving San Fran-
cisco June 18. 10:45 p. m. Liberal reward.
916 Park st./ Alameda.
LOST— Sunday morning, old American fox-
hound dog; black, white and tan: W. L.
Prather Jr. on collar. Return to 844 Harrison
¦ st; $5 reward.
LOST — Leather purse on O'Farrell-st car. near
Union, about 5:30 p. m. Tuesday. Return to
LIEUT. A. M. DAVIS. Presidio; lib. reward.
LOST — Black greyhound, white breast: reward.
Return to New Poatofflce Stable. Jessie St.
near Sixth.
LOST— Mastiff dog; had collar and name on it.
Liberal reward on return to VON DER MEH-
DEN BROS., Sixteenth and Folsom sta.
LOST— A diamond fly pin; liberal reward. lSlt
Buchanan st. , ,
LOST— A passSook with the Hlbern'ia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of MAGGIE OLSEN. No. 233-471. The
finder will please return to bank.
MISCEL-AXEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery, lie-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 135-197 Fremont st
BARS, back ban, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
22 complete outfits on our floor, ready marie;
we can ship everything in 74 hours, J. NOO-
NAN, 1017. 1019, 102L 1023 Mission st.. above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR sale— Cocker spaniel; browa and white. 6
Bond st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear st.
FOR SALE or exchanse— 150 shares Sutro Rail-
road stock. G. GRIMWOOD. 2421 Warring st.,
Berkeley.
LADY'S hat trunk for traveling, $12 50. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
FOR SALE— 330-egg incubator: Petaluma lm-
proved ; price $18 50. At 124 Eureka st.
YOUNG Durham cow; calt 9 days old; milks
20 quarts dally; gentle. 1312 Folsom st
CANARY birds: good singers. Come, see and
buy them of LOHMANN, 3168 Sixteenth st
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced price,
$75; concert records, $1 50. Baclgaiupi, 933 Mkt.
FOR SALE— Schooner, about 12 tons; four yea-
old ; -v^rycheap^J^HlATT^TaM^ssJo^i^st^^
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
NEW 2O-lIght T. and H. arc light dynamo with
regulator, complete. WHITE, 518 Mission st
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers: lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 flre and burs-
I lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $2 50.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton «t.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD &• BRECK. 131 Post st.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burg-
lar proof safe. 218 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE! 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor: 6 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS^WAXTS.
WILL PAY cash for old sealskins/ Box 4319,
Call office.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 710 Market st.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL, only reliable ladiev'speciai-
lst of long and successful practice. I Guaran-
teed treatment at office, $5; home In confine-
ment; best care: consultation free and con-
fidential. 44G Eddy st., bgt. Leavenworth and
Hyde: hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8; Sundays 10 to 4.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Write or call at
1023H Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
has returned from" Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice In S. F.; maternity
home; low fees. 1007H Market st. near 8th.
MRS. DR..WYETH. reliable specialist; 23 yrs.'
practice: home In confinement: treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; consultation free- con-
.: fldentlal. 942 Post ¦ st. bet. Hyda and Larkln.
MRS. DR. GUYER. 446 Eddy St.. well known
and reliable; ladies' specialist; home in con-
finement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 3.
MRS. M. ALLEN, lOSi Market— Ladle.V spe-
clal 1st; home In confinement; safe and rell-
-lable; consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR and MRS. DAVIE9., 1223 Market: ladies'
physician: chronic: diseases treated; late scl-
¦ entiflc methods: treatment. $3.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China; dls-
eases of all kinds cured: herbs sfld teas; sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento,cor.Kearny;advice free.
Y^S— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists.
HIS Market st. ; every case iruaranteed; $5 up.
NICE • reliable ' horn* for confinement; reason-
able, 2012 Folsom st. MRS. PR. PFEIFFER.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason at
MONEY TO L.OA2V.
ANY amount at C per cent ; 1st. 2d and Sd mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay- get my terms before dolns business eise-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. «.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans chattel
mortgages; life insurance. Room 15. nrst
floor. Chronicle big- HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at .ow-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 846 Market
Bt. ; tel. Main 1844. Branch 13 Third St.
LOANS made on furniture HA^nSJofD^'S*
loans to salaried people. HARSHBARGER,
323 Ellia st. room 34.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearr ly. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quick
service; money direct: lowest interest. Room*
68 and 6g. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. ?t» Montgomery.
ANT sum 1st or Ind mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. chattels, etc. R. 60S Examiner building.
H. MURPHY, 630 Market St.. solves all kinds o£
financial problems: 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants" Exchange, 431 Calif.
TO salaried people without security; all busl-
ness confidential. Toualey Co.. 321 Parrot big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. 1IOH2EL1* 609 Examiner bullillnff.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK, 116 McAlli3ter.
TO salaried men without collateral or lndorser.
B. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
YOU save $100 by buying one of the fine larfr*
walnut upright pianos offered by us for *175
until July 1; stool and cover Included. MAL-
VAI3 MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
DURING th* next few days, whila trade is
supposed to be quiet, we shall mark down tho
prices of all pianos: save money by purchas-
ing a piano now. MAUTAI3 MUSIC CO.. 763
Market st.
PIANOS at cost: owing to the dull season now
upon us we are accumulating a large stock or
rental pianos; these, together with a numb«r
of samples sent us from factory, will bo
closed out regardless of profit: & better op-
portunity has never b«en offered: terms very
liberal. BENJ. CURTAZ & BON. IS O'Far-
rell st. _________
AS we represent th»-fcest make of pianos la
every grade, from Steinway «. down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers.
w« are the people from whom you should
purchase: new upright pianos. $9 cash, IS per
month: other pianos $3. |4 and *5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, IS and SO O'Farrell st : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tho
customer.
MEDIUM siied upright piano, beautiful tone.
handsome case, offered thla week for J10O.
Room 12. Flood bolldlcg.
$500— NEW piano will sell at very low price*
Address box 631, Call office.
ONE Steinway. 1 Chlckerinp. $130; Installments
15 to $10; rent S2 up; HEINE'S. 136 Ellla st.
FOR sale— Violin; Masglnl; eood. tone; cheap.
?5C3^ Mission at. _
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauxy. Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 80S Post St.
BARGAINS— A few pianos will be sold this
week for storage; offers wanted (cash or ln-
stallmentg). Wilson's Storage Co.. 1710 Mrkt.
FINE Krell upright piano at a great bargain.
STATHAM. 106 McAllister st.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos. $3 payments;
for rent, <2 up. BRUENN. 23S Post st.
GOOD Fischer: great bargain. SCHillTZ, 18
McAllUter St.. next Hlbernla Ba-'-
VT. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st..- a?ent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
StTFERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTTLLER. maker, repairer. Z Latham place.
OFFICES AND STOKES — TO LET.
LARGE stores and sunny offices n«ar Hall of
Justice. Court block. BAB1N. 413 Kearny st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard. Fre_ St. Germain Collets of\
Palmistry; reads 1 to 8. CIS Geary, nr. Jones.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Tavlor nt.. bet. G»ary & Po°t: phore Piark *«1.
PASTt'RAGE.
300 TO 500 acres green pasture, clover and w1»<J
grasses mixed, for horses or cattle. For
term n apply A. B. FtTLLKR. Antioch. Cal.
PERSONALS.
IF you go to LEDERER'S
You are aure of having
Your hair dressed correctly.
The very latest hair styles, 23c.
Lederer's Qulntonlca Hair Tonic, 33a
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo only 5c package.
Lederer's Hair Store. 123 Stockton st.
ACADEMY for the new science of healing-
without operations; before you undergo aa
operation give us a call; consultation free.
DR. WM. SCHMITT. 527 Post St. ¦
ELECTRIC lights In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: TOO rooms:
25c to fl 50 per night; $1 5> to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
USE Ullie Webb's soap, made from olive oils,
roots and herbs: 10c at . druggists; agents
wanted. 14 Grant ave.. Robertson & Co., 2 to 4.
AN elegant suit for $10 73 from. Imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market st.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
$2 £0 LADIES' shoes for fl 50 a pair at the BEE
HIVE SHOE CO.. 717 Market St.. near Third.
GOOD upright piano for ITS. Call evenings at
1S23C Howard st. v bet. Eleventh and Twelfth.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott's Curling Fluid: 2Sc .bottle: drugjrlsts.
CAST-OFF clothing-, old roM and silver bought:
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 505 Kearny st.
G. D. MORSE, photographer, 2S0S Pacific ave..
between Pierce and Scott: phone Steiner 3331.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothlns bought ancl
sold. Silver— an. 984 Folsnm, tel. Folaom 1131.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks fre;; photo supplies. Backus
studio. 11 Geary St., ground* and top floors.
PHYSICUXS A\D StRGEOXS.
DR. C. C CDONNELL— Office and restdenceT
1C21% Market xt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE) CITY— FOR SAXUB.
BALDWIN - HOWELL,
19 MONTGOMERY STREET.
MARKET-STREET CORNER.
Near City Hall; 27;9xl37:6; a splendid oppor-
tunity; only $43,500.
H-STREET FRONTAGES.
Several choice lets on this thoroughfare at
moderate prices and on easy terms; get par-
ticulars at office.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
127,500— Pacific-ave. residence; elegant modern
residence. 17 rooms. 2 baths: all arrangements
for an up-to-date home; lot 37:6x122:6.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
J37.50O— Third-st. corner: 13::€xl37;S; store and
flats: good improvements; rent3 I2"A
J37.M0— Folsom -st. corner: manufacturing dls-
•trict; 3 frontages: rents $17'*; x>t 100x37:8.
111,000— Rents $U3; Castro-st. corner; store*
and flats; lot aOxSO.
AN OFFER WANTED.
13250— Ritch St.: S flats: rents $12 30: lot 22xSa
$6000— Rents SS3; Xatoma st.. near Sixth: coal
yard and 4 flats above; lot 27x73.
RESIDEN'CE PROPERTY.
$2750— Richmond district; entirely new; 2 cot-
tages: motlern in every respect: easy term3.
J3350 — Sunset district: 2 handsome new mod-
ern resiliences, just completed; 6 rooms and
bath and basement; lot 25xl2<); easy terrr. 3.
$11,000— Pine 8t., near Buchanan: gwil mod-
err residence. 10 rooms and bath ; up-to-date
plumbing; electric liehts: lot 23x137:6.
VACANT LOTS.
foOCO— Van Ness ave.; corner; 32x109.
$13,onC— Presidio Heights; corner; 127:i'x_7:S%:
fine marine view; choice residence lot
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTKY.
* $32oO— Mill Valley cottage. 5 rooms and bath:
partly finished attic; large lof will tra.ie for
city property. BALDWIN <fe HOWEU*
'- - ¦•¦*- __^ ID Montgomery st.
IK you have lots north of the Park in small
or lar.e subdivisions, and you -want, to sell
quickly, then call on the undersigned. W.
J. OVNN. S3) California st.
BARGAIN!-
S220O cash, balance. S1SC0 can remain at « per
cent: hous» or 5 flats: brick foundation; J
blocks from new City Hall: on small street;
Income $-.3 monthly. Box 2310. Call office.
MODERN houses and Bats built at lowest
prices: plans and estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL, 11*7 Mission •-Some Lines of "Work.
A* company Jof Hamburg, "Germany, has
Just begun? to 'manufacture what it calls
Hartgumml-Nagel (hard-rubber nails)
made of." a', variety of this substance
named by the makers "ferronite." . These
are comparable in' solidity to metal nails
and" have the advantage that. they can be
used ; in circumstances where metal would
bo inconvenient, or. would necessitate ' nu
merous-i precautions. They are " notat-
And Their Advantageous Use in
RUBBER NAILS.
PALACE HOTEL
P B Fraser, Stockton '.
Dr W J Prather. Cal
C B Rexford, Chicago :
E H Vestry. London '.
Mrs S Burrows, Salem
Miss E L Lovejoy, Cal
Dr S Whiting, Portland I
EC Johnspn, Portland !
8 Burrows, Boston J
W D Owen. Chicago !
Mrs L M- Chambers, 111 J
H Chambers, Chicago I,
C Wier, Los Ang 1
O O Howard Jr. L A .
C J Austin, Mich 1
J T Nichols, Mich [
L B Goodall, .Mich !
M Riedcmann. | Germny 1
Mrs Rledemann, Germy I
D A Robinson, Seattle ,1
" I> Tia8, Boston I
Mrs Tias, Boston J
W S Jones, Boston (
H F Grant. Pa ;
C F Hardy, S Diego J
W A Junker, Dl Monte J
W J Carter, Chicago ?
S J Bailey, Chicago J
J F Oreson. China C
M L Snead. NY I
II W Carpenter, U S N /
W Alexander, London -"\
Mrs Alexander, Iyondon I
F G Curtis, Boston v 1 1
Dr G H Tilden, Boston C
W F Ackland. England I
W T Carleton, Chicago S
Mrs Carleton, Chicago ¦!
A R Fraser, England |J
H Stetson, N Y N
Mrs Stetson, N Y
Miss Stetson, NY
Mrs H E Wilson, China
Mrs W M Fisher.Chlna
t Brenner. Yokohama
Mrs M McClean, China
Mrs N Vaughn, China
row Schrivers.China
Sirs H Grove. England
Miss Robins, England
F F "Lord, Chicago
VIIfs Lord, Chicago (
I Anderson, Kan C
Mrs Anderson, K C
-. L Morse, Santa Clara
VIrs Morse, HantaClara
1 M Ellerbeck. St Lake
3 A Smith, Salt Lake
»Irs Smith, Salt Lake
> Weiler, Salt Lake
tlrn Hollenbeck, Colo
: P Schumacher, Colo
V M Duller, N Y -
ilrs Duller, NY
A Snedeker, - Colo
Irs F D Snedeker, Col
Irs E B Carlson, Colo
} Carlson, Colo
2 W KIttrldge, Ohio
V Klttrldse. Ohio
V F MacLennan.Wash
> MacLennan, Wash
I C Barroll, Chicago
! E Goodman Jr, Napa
) A Ray, Honolulu
<TIss Ray, Honolulu
)r H Stlnes, England
H Betts. Ceylon
GRAND HOTEL.
H C Bagley. Sta Maria
B M Wilkinson, Cal '
W W Baker. Bakersfld
R R Ord. Phlla
L H Tarpley, Portland
F W Auss, Portland
R A Bernstein, Portld
Mrs M L Llebel, Portld
D J Nealey, Petaluma
S.M.Toplltz, N Y
L D Lyle, Berkeley
R R Veal. Martinez
L K Mann, Oakland
F M Norrls, ¦ Oakland
Miss 13 Ferguson, Cal
R A Stuart, Seattle
M J Strelning & w. Cal
Mrs J J Sweeney, Tex
Miss E . Sweeney. Tex
R W Correll. Salt Lake
L C Harrick. Sit Lake
R-B: Butler, Fresno
G ; Newklrk. Pasadena
G fichrolnn. Huron ,.
W J Stevens. Los Ang
Dr N P IngUsh. Vacvl
S A Barrett, Cal
F Hlhn & w, Sta Cruz
A J Brmner, Sacto
G- R Home. . Victoria
T D Coffman, Mvermr
E K Smart, Gr Valley
O C Stewart & w.\Cal
W S Baumsrarten. Cal
J N Woods,' Stockton .
E W Woods, Stockton
Miss Everdlng, Eureka
J J Hc-bbron. Salinas
L O Orstad. S L Oblsp
E Berwick. Monterey
W E Berwick, Mont
J C Cell son. Templetn
IvC Warner <fe w. Cal
J F Clapp, Chicago
S S Fulton, . Sacto ' ¦
S H Courtenay, S Cruz
Miss AndeYson, Idaho
W Schaw, Sacto
J H Batcher, Sacto .
F L Kinir & frn. Cal
Mrs L J Keeth. Mo
Mrs A n Derse. Utah
Miss JI Dar^e, utuh
Mrs J F Jack. S Diego
C Olsnr. Cal .
A G Burnett. Sta Rosa
E Topham. Portland
F Tlawken. Mo
P F Wood. Tularo
E E Adams & w. Dela
J L,iloecher. /Stockton
A Beecher. Stocktn
A I. sshlnn. ¦ Sacto
L.H Hamilton, Mont
E H. Fuller, -N Y
F S Austin, Watsonvll
NEW WESTERN HOTEL..
C F Hoss, fam. Los A
A. H Longly, fam. L A
S Cros8man. ' San ' Pedro
J : Murray, Nebraska
J Watts. St Louis
I> B Hchenck. : Iowa ,•
O K Hofman, Columbus
Mrs Hofman. Columbus
S Gordon," San Pedro
J T Hcrnon. Ventura-
J J ' Scritton, t Portland
B McKlnney. Wyo
F..W Sherman, Wls "
' A L Williams, in
C Finberfc-, Madera
O H Woodside. S Jose
J W Wllliard.- Seattle
i P McPherson, Salinas
i R C Harlow, Shasta
RETilley. St Louis :
w J McCalten, StLouis
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 19, 9:17 p m—
Stmr Oceanic: from "New York, for Liverpool,
nnd - vrveeoded; •
HONGKONG— Arrived June 1IV— Stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver, B C, via Yo
kohama. • ' ••'¦- .
NEW YORK— Arrived June 19— Elmr West
ernland, from Ant wero.
Sailed June 19— Stmr Cevie. for Liverpool;
.stmr Kaiserln Maria Theresa, for Bremen, via
Cherbourg and Southampton.
ANTWERP— Arrived June 19— Stmr Noord
land. from New York,
LONDON— Arrived June 19— Stmr Mesaba,
from tiew York.
BOULOGNE— Arrived June 19— Stmr Staten
dam. from New York, for Rotterdam.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 12— Stmr Thyra,
from Portland, Or.
¦, BREMEN— Arrived June 19— Stmr Barbaroasa,
from New York, via Southampton.
GLASGOW— Arrived June 19— Stmr Tritonla,
from Montreal.
MOVILLE— Arrived June 19— Stmr Corinthian,
from Montreal, for Liverpool.
BOULOGNE- Sailed June 19— Stmr Phoenicia,
from Hamburg for ¦ New York.
SCILLY— Passed June 13— Stmrs Michigan,
from New York, for London; Lahn, from New
York, for Cherbourg, Southampton, etc; Phoe-.
r.lcan from Hamburg and Boulogne, for New
York. " . • ¦¦ . _ ¦¦¦ ¦-'¦¦-. . _
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 6-Bark S C
Allen. June 9— Br stmr Aorangi, from Vic
toria: ship Chas E Moody, from Tacoma. June
9— U S stmr Sherman, hence June 1. June U—
Br stmr Doric, from Yokohama.
Sailed June 6— Schr John A Campbell, for Port
Townsend; Br stmr Wyefield, for Manila; Haw
ship Fort George, for San Francisco; stmr
Czarina, for -San Francisco. June 7— Br ship
Hnrlesh Castle, for Astoria; Br , stmr Warri
moo, for Victoria. June 8 — Bktn Planter, for
San Francisco; Ger ship Marie, for Port Town
send. June 9— Bark Oakland, for Port Town
send; Br stmr Bloemfontein. for Seattle; schr
Mary Dcdse. for San Francisco; bark C D
Bryant, for San Francisco; Br stmr Aorangl.
for Sydney: fchr Albert Mever, for Port Town
send. June 10— IT S stmr Sherman, for Manila;
stmr Australia sails June 11. for San Francisco.
HILO— In port— Bark Annie Johnson. Haw
shin Falls of Clyde, bark Martha Davis, bktn
S G Wilder, ship Susquehanna.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 15— Br stmr Glen
ogle, from Tacoma. June 17— Stmr City of
Peking-, hence May 29. •
Arrived June 12— Nbr stmr Thyra, from As-
ANTWERP— Sailed June 16— Br ship Port
Stanley, for San Francisco.
KAHULUI. June S— Captain Plltz of the schr
Robert Searles reports that he passed the wreck
of a vessel In lat 18 20 N, Ion* 145 45 W. It
looked to lie the rtarboard side of a vessel sup
posed to be a schooner.
BIRKKNHEAD— Arrived June 17— Br bark
Norfolk Island, hence Feb 12.
HULL — Arrived June 17— Br bark Invermay,
hence Feb 10.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived June 17— Fr bark Mare
chal dc Turenne, hence Feb 2S.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed June 19— Ship J B
Brown, for Honolulu.
DUBLIN— Arrived June 15— Br ship Matter
horn, hence Feb 28.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed June IS— Br shlo
Crown of Denmark, for Hull; Fr bark Cassard.
for Antwerp. June 19— Br ship Australian, for
Liverpool.
HONGKONG— Sailed May IS— Br ship Norma,
for Orepon. May 17— Ger ship Rickmer Rlck
mers, for Oregon. May 19— Br bark Thistle, for
Mootiyvllle.
Sar. V*:-?»no;Eco.
MAHUKON A— Sailed June 2— Schr Henry
Wilson, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOIPU— Sailed June 2— Schr Honoipu, for
Arago, hence June la; echr Occidental, hence
.June '5; schr Laura May, hence June 5. June
,16— Schr Guide, hence May Si.
* Failed June 12— Echr Volant, for San Fran
cisco: Behr J F Miller, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived June IS— Br stmr Mon-
from Hongkong.
Arrived June 19— Ptmr Columbia, hence Jne 17.
HOWEXS LANDING— Arrived June 19-Stmr
Navarro, hence June IS. •
UMPQU A— Arrived June 17— Schr Louise, fm
San Pedro. June 18 — Schr Lucy, hence June 13.
EUREKA— Arrived June n— Stmr Empire,
from Coos Bay.
Sailed June 19— Stmr Empire, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived June 19— S|mr Del Norte, from Coos
Bay. •
HARBOR-
GRAYS
Arrived June 13— Bktn
tein, from Honolulu. June 19 — Bktn Retriever,
hence May 29.
Passed In June 19— Stmr Willamette, hence
June 16, for Seattle; bktn Northwest, from Sap
Pedro, for Olympla; schr Comet, from San Pe-
PORT ANGELES— Arrived June 13— Schr A J
West, from Honolulu, for Chemalnus.
TACOMA-Sailed June 19-Ger bark Lisbeth.
for London.
PORT GAMBLE— Sa#ied June 13— Bktn Jane
L. Stanford, for Melbourne.
SEATTLE— Arrived June IS— Br bark Lord
Tempieton, from Port Townsend. •
Sailed June U— Br stmr PJnergia, for Port
Hadlock.
Arrived June 19— Stmr Willamette, hence Jn«
16; Br ship Shandon. from Esuuimalt; Br ship
Mountstuart, from Tacoma;. U S»stmr Phila
delphia, fr6m Port Orchard.
MENDOCINO— Arrived June 19— Stmr Point
Arena, hence June IS.
NEWPORT (S)— Sailed June 19— Schr Excel
sior, for Port Blakeley. . ¦
FORT BRAGG-Arrived June 13~Stmr Tilla
mook,' hence June 17.
DUTCH HARBOR— In port June 7— Bark
Theobald, schr Fischer Bros and schr Eclipse,
from Seattle.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived June 19— Bktn Re
triever, hence May 29. .
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 18-Shlp A
J Fuller, from Nagasaki ; Br stmr Bloemfon-
Per Br stmr Doric— June 17. 400 miles west of
San Francisco, spoke Br ship Elginshire, from
Tacoma, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Stmr Senator reported bktn Catherine Sud
den In the Ice June 2 with spars gone and heavy
list to port. U S stmr Bear attending her.
Captain Brokaw of the tug Reliance reports
the whistle on the lightship out of order.
MEMORANDUM.
MISCELLANEOUS,
June 15. lat 37 N. Ion 14 W— Br ship St Mary's
Bay, from Cardiff., for Esquimau.
SPOKEN
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 13. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind west, velocity 20 miles per hour.
Tuesday, June 19.
Stmr Washtenaw, Gllboy. Tacoma.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
• Stmr Newburg. Petersen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson, Grays Har
bor.
Nor Etmr Tellus, PedcrBen, Chemalnus.
Bark Mohican. Kelley, Honolulu.
Echr Transit, Jorirenson, Puset Sound.
Behr Impossible. Low. Point Reyes.
- Schr Bender Brothers. Weuei. Bihlers Point.
SAILED.
Nor • rtmr Tellus. Pedei-sen, Chemalnus; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.- . .
Ship Eaton Hall, Lowrison, Callao; Balfour,
Guthrie & Co. ¦:
Schr Robert R Hind, Hellingsen, Hllo; Hind,
Rolrh & Co.
Tuesday, June 13.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall. Victoria and Port
Towntend; Uoodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Nationality, Dettmers, 13 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Dr Btrr.r Carlisle City, Altken, Hongkong 1 , via
Portland; California and Oriental S S Co.
CLEARED.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Twelve.
tacked by. acids nor by alkalies, do not
conduct electricity, and resist all 'mag
netic Influence. In the electric industries
they , are adapted for the assemblage of
cases containing storage batteries, for
example, and for their exterior coverings,
for chemical apparatus, galvanic piles,
etc. . s They, are secure from all danger of
induced currents, which are always to be
feared j when metallic mails are used, con
ducting wires can also be replaced to ad
vantage with hard rubber hooks. The in
sulating coverings are then less exposed to
deterioration, and short-circuiting is com
pletely avoided. Finally, the fact that
these, "hard-rubber nails" are bad . con
ductors, of electricity, and^that they are
insensible to magnetic attraction, makes
them valuable in the construction of deli
cate'laboratory apparatus, measuring in
struments, electric switchboards, etc. No
spark cart result from contact # between
these nails and. a hammer or other tool,
so that their, use is specially recommend
ed in the manufacture of explosives and
in all places where these substances are
handled. — Literary, Digest.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JUNE 2O, 1900.
15
McAVOY <fc CO., 5
FUNERAL DIRECTORS t'EMBALMERSl
' 1239 Market «t.. between Sth and 9th. 'l
Telephone » South .- 247. 'i
FOR rent— Handsome cottage, furr; stable: Ber-
keley; near local. C .Henderson, 304 Montg'y.
B. RKELEV COTTAGES TO EE1
BEUKELEV HEAL ESTATE.
GOOD ten-room house on corner lot: 1 block
from university; price 14900. . O. G. MAY &
CO.. 2123 Center »t.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel: South" 187.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALHERS,
' Finest Equipment ¦ at Moderate - Rates. -
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
$1250 WILL build modern house of 5 room* and
bath, with lot 22x100 (one only): $300 cash. $20
per month. J. II. YOUNG, Builder, 1243 Park.
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure: bargains; one-fifth cash; bal-
ance In 1 . t, 3 or 4 years. ; Alameda Savings
licrk. ' ¦MMnMHMBMbMsnaa
. OCEAN TEA VEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
FS W TORE. B0UTHAHPT0N. LONDON. PABI31
.Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New .York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul.... ....'.June 27|N>w York.. ......July 11-
St. Louis. ...... ...July 4'St. Paul July is
RED STA-V LINS.
Neu/;Yort< crAAntwsr*.
¦ • From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark ...."..June 2C| Kensington ......July 4
Westernland • ...June 27lNoordland . ......July 11
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
¦ SO Montscmery street. '
EMPIRE LINE,
S. S. "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael, May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome, St. Michael and Yukon River
Points, June SO. July 31, August 30. - For rates
and other information apply to - -.'-'
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.
SO Montromery at.
COMPAONIB ¦ GENERALS TRAN8ATLANTIQDE.
DIRECT ; LINE TO ' HAVRE-PARIS. -jO^-.
Sailing ? every Thursday; Instead of <5jTt?»
y Saturday, from November 2. 1S39, at •** v^ : * 1 *=-
10 . a. . m.. . from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA" CHAMPAGNE. June 21;
L'AQUITAINE.' June 2S; LA TOURAINK, July
5: LA LORRAINE. July 12.?: First-class to
Havre, $60 and upward ; 6 per cent reduction' on
round * trip. ¦ Second class to Havre," $45: 6 per
cent reduction ¦ ¦ on round -."¦ trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR STATES AND CAN-
ADA,: 32. Broadwp.y (Hudson .Building), New
York..- J. ¦¦¦.F.rFUQAZI :¦.&.- CO.. Pacific Coast
Axrents." S . Mont jromery avenue, San . FrancJsco. '
SPECIAL
Chicago i Return,
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
AND
! NORTHWESTERN LINE.
Tickets on sale June 21st and 22d at Oeneral
Office. C17 Market st. Sleeping Car Reservation
Charts now open. R. R. RITCHIE,
Gen' I Agt. Pac. Coaat.
IORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SausalUo Ferry,
i Commencing April 22. 190*.
FROM 8AN FRANCISCO TO MILi, VAIXKT
AND 3AN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-7:C0. •8:J0. 3:00. n.W a. m.i
12:45. 1M. i:li. 4:U -5:15. l:li. «:40 pt ra
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley ana S*»
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. SaturUaj*
and Sundays, at »:«0 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:C0, »S:CO. •J:00. *19:00, UC0 ii-*
a. m.; 12:45. »1:M. t:30. '3:45, 5:00. f:o£ jl3
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run ts £an 'nafael °-m
day*. ' SShmm ¦ W"*£*Ss>BMf
Trains marked (•) ran to gan Queatln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-f>:2.-». •«:30. 7:M. »:40. »10ai it
m.: 12:J0. 1:13. 3:15. »3:30 4:30. 5:30 p. m '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays.
and Saturday* at *<:45 and 10:20 n. m.
8CNDATS-«:13. *i:CO> »3:50. '11:00a. m.- •UCO
m.: J:CO. »:15. K:Z0. 4:30. *5:45. 8:43. 7:M. 13:2«
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quenttn.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:53. «:4i. S:CO. 8:55, lOMu i£
m.; 12:15. 1:45. ::45. J:30. 4:50. .:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. WednesUay*
and Saturdays at .7:10 and 10:20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— «:33. SiCS. 10:03. 11:10 a. m. • uu
l:21>. *:% 8:45. 4:S3. «:13. 7:05. 10:M p. m.
THROUGH TRAINa
7:C0 a. ra. week days— Caradero and way at%>
tlons.
8:15 p. tn. Saturdays— Casadero and way na-
tions. -ausBtt
B:1S p. m. weekdays (Saturdays exceptetl)— •
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way ii*.
tlons.
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. .'- i
§ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 HEAf..\l tit. Kstaoilshwl
In l»3-» for the treatment of Private
DWenses. Lout Manhood. lability or
;iiscase»7earinyoii bodyaadmindai:d
Skin Diieases. Tbedoctnrcureawheu
«>Ui«rsf«JL Try him. Char?ei» low
4'nre«iraar»nte^1. Caltorwritek
Or. J. *'. (.luao^. Box 1937. cJua Fiaadaca
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 80 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson 5ucar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 227 Market St., on a«d after Wednes-
day. June 20, 1300. Transfer books will cloee
en Thursday. June 14. 1P00. at 3 p. m.
K. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The German Savings and
J/.sn Society. 626 California st. — For the half
year ending with June 30, 1300, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
half <Z\'i) per cent per annum on at! deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after MONDAY
July 2. 1500. GEO. TOURNY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND rrotice— San Francisco Savings
Union. 5?2 California et., corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the 30th of June,
1900, a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of three and six-tenths (3 6-10) per
cent on term deposits «nd three (3) per cent
on ordinary deposits, fr*e of taxes, payable
on and after MONDAY, July 2. 1900.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice — Dividend No. 106 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 227 Market st., on and after MON-
DAY, July 2, 1000. Transfer books will cloee
on Tuesday, June 28, 1000. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
TirUWKlTEIlS AMD SUPPLIES.
GREAtTbARGAINS IN^TT^EWRITER^We
cell better machines for less money than' any
house in the city: rentals. IZ. The Typewriter
Exchange. S38 California, telephone Main 2CJ.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKI.VS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st..
tel. Main 1840— Packing, moving and storage.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
storage: a.\d warehouses.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
r#palrlnr nt lowest rates. 2P5 Fourth st.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agtncy, 145 ith; phone Mint 45.
SEWING MACHINES AXO. SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. ISth.
BAD tena&ta ejected for S4; collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery »t.. rooms 9-10: tel. 6580.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
ROOMS papered from 13: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
(ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, . from the par-
ents'' residence, 1413 Harrison etreet. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EVERDING— In this city. June 19, 1900, Fred-
erick W. Everdlng, beloved father Of Mrs. W.
H. Green, Mrs. W. T. Atkinson and Adolph,
Etta and William Everdlng, a native of Ger-
many, ased 68 years. •
EAGAN— In this city, June IS, 1900, John W.,
beloved husband of. Catherine Eagan, .and
fnther of Edward J., Thomas F. and John W.
Eagan Jr. and Mrs. Joey L. Cobb. a native
of Ireland, aged CS years. . ¦ -^>ip^n>niiJw 'Pttfo«ad
(CTThe funeral will take t place th(s day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his Jate resi-
dence, 1609 . Golden Gate avenue, (hence to
Holy Cross Church, where. a requiem high
mass will 1 be celebrated for the repose of. his
soul at 9:30 o'clock.. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
FITZHUGH— In this city,- June 18,. 1900, Mrs.
Sarah Margaret Fitzhugh. wife of the late
Peregrine Fitzhugh, a native of Maryland,
(ET'Remalns at the parlors of the United
Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth street. Notice
of funeral hereafter.
DWYER— In this city, June II, 1900. Mary M..
beloved daughter of Margaret and the late
John F. Dwyer, and sister - of Francis M.
Dwyer, a native of San Francisco, aged 8
months and 19 days.' . ' :
(ET Friends and -acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
¦ of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
DALY— In this City, June 19, 1900, Jerome G.
Daly, a native of San Francisco, aged 33
years and 4 months.
t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, rrom her late resi-
dence, 1014 Lombard Btreet, thence to St.
Brlgid's Church, where a requiem high moss
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
\ at 8 o'clock, thence by train from Fourth and
Townsend streets to Holy Cross Cemetery.
COWEN— In this 'city. June 13, 1900, Edgar, be-
loved son of Jacob and Catharine Cowen, and
brother of Mrs. F. Rich. Walter and Nellie
Cowen and Mrs. T. E." Parker, a native of
Illinois, Hsed 30 years 4 months and 11 days.
A member of the Ironmclders' Union No.: 164.
(Seattle papers please copy.)
ICTFuneral this day (Wednesday), at 1:30
o'clock, from the parlors of Carew & English,
41 Van Ness avenue. Interment private.
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers.
CORBETT— In this city. June 18, 1900, Sarah
J., wife cf John Corbett, a native of Ohio,
aged 15 years and 2$ days.
BECKETT— In Fruitvale, June 19, 1900. Benja-
min J.. beloved husband of Ida R. Beckett,
and nephew of Harry J. Givens, a native of
South Carolina, aged 30 years and 3 days.
BLACK— In this city, June 17, 1S00, Eugene S.
Black, beloved son of Nellie M. Black, and
brother of Charles E. and James A. Black,
a native of Mendocinp County,' aged 2S years.
Black, Eugene S.
Corbett, Sarah J.
Cowen. Kdcar
Daly, Jerome. G.
Dwyer, Mary M.
Everding, Frederick
Eagan, John W.
Fitzhugh. Mrs. Sarah
Foley. Johanna M.
Gray, Ellen
Hoffman, Lizzie
Jones, Mary S.
Lugagn, Grace
Lundquist, Mary M.
McGulre. William
McNamara, John B.
Methen, Jacob
Mlddleton, Jessie R.
Nahl, Annie J.
Schafer. George
Treadwell, Arthur
Tucker, Ann
Tufts, Francis B.
Beckett. Benjamin J
Kitterman, Hannah
DIED.
LAS PALMAS, 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or t
nrs. : private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
PINE, 793— Sunny rooms with board; reason-
able. , -
TWENTY-SIXTH. 33T7. near Mission— Nicely
furnished sunny rooms, with or without
board, at very reasonable prices. -..3'«
CARSTENSEN— SCHACH— In this city. June
17. l%0, by the Rev. J. H. Sehroeder, Ferd-
inand Carstensen and Ottllle Schach.
PURDY— ZELLER— In this city, June 17, 1900,
by the Rev. L. C. Sanford, Edward L. Purdy
and Emily Zeller.
WIEBOLDT— NIENSTEDT— In this city. June
9, 1S00. by theJlev. J. Fuendeling. William
Wieboldt and Marie Nienstedt.
MAKBJED.
DOLLARS
Santa Fe Route
.. , — *.
Excursion tickets will be
sold on June 28th, 29th,
and 30th good for6odays
to come back. The rate is
made for the Democratic
National Convention, but
any cne can use the
tickets.
Kansas City
AN D BACK.
628 M/.RKhT Street.
THE BRADBURY, 1604 California— New modern
family hotel; excellent table: 100 beautifully
furnished rooms; moderate: phone Hyde 2771.
MARKET, 1049A (Hotel Robinson)— Furn. rms..
with first -class board; double. $10 wk.; single,
125 mo.; modern; elevator: table board, $4 wt;
meals. 25c. MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
CALIFORNIA, 807— An excellent opportunity to
secure particularly desirable accom. at mod-
est rates; special rates families; sunny rms.,
en suite or single; best table in Kan Francisco.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
BOBN.
INKSTER— In this city, June 15, 1300, to the
wife of John Inkstcr, a son.
MARLEY— In this city, June 4, 1900, to the wife
of E. J. Marley. a son.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Fillmore st.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores— 4 rooms,
comfortable; nice and neat. .
TURK. 126— Furnished room, suitable for gen-
tleman: $5 per month.
THIRTEENTH. E27H. above Guerrero— Large
furn. room for lady; call bet. 4 and 7 p. m.
THE OAKS, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
SIXTEENTH, 2902. corner Howard— Sunny
front room; icnt fo month.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
ROTAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis st.-Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
• rarlor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week $2
to IS; month -$S to t20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 2T.c to fl: week, $1 25 to $4; cpen night.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean rms.. suites or sin-
gle; transient: running water; rates reduced.
ROOM suitable for two gentlemen; gas and
bath; SS. 110H McAllister st.
PARTLY furnished cottage on Ocean boule-
vard, nr. street cars; $15. Inquire 515B Taylor.
O'FARRELL.. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
effices; elevator: electric lights: day, wk., mo.
OAK, 3S5— Large front room; nicely furnished;
gas; bath: private family; cheap.
The following marrlace licenses were issued
yesterday:
Walter F. Lancaster, 24, 416 Natoma street,
and Beitha M. McGaugh, 20. 26 Mary street.
Pumyea Williamson. 35. 64 Joost avenue, and
Catharine C Asmussen, 30, 401 Eighth street.
"Adonljah C. Parsons, 24, 18 Fourteenth street,
and Mary M. Fay, 19, 23 Lexington avenue.
Harry J. Braman. 27, Colorado City, Cal.,
and Ellen M. Reese. IS, Shasta.
William H. McCormick. IG. 120 Fulton street,
and Lillle V. Ewers, 20, 7 Franklin street.
Eugene D. Marchand, 21, St. Nicholas Hotel,
and Margaret C. Mackey, 21, 1144 Howard st.
Joseph C. Grimmlnger. 23, 6iOV4 Natoir»i
Btreet. and Lulu R. Mitchell, 20, 227 Eleventh.
M. J. Fogarty. 26. 7 Day s^eet, and Catharine
M. Lynch. 25. 3017 Fillmore street.
Frank Tuchler, 23, 1037 Clay street, and Leah
BIumenlh.il. 22. 1425 Dupcnt street.
Horace P. Howard. 32, city, and Katharine M.
Taylor, 24, city.
Owen E. Brown, 27, C27 Ellsworth street, and
Man' Carlin, 25, 236 Shipley street.
John D. McGowan. 46, Chicago, and Mary L.
H. Chamon de St. Hubert, 25, city.
William J. Alpen, 23, city, and Mathilda J.
Sablatschan. 26, city.
Thomas Ekoos, 34. 222 Sixth street, and Mar-
tine Jensen, 29. 212 Sixth street.
Joseph H. Ferris, 21, Sausallto. and Thelma
Barry. 17. SausalUo.
James W; Burns, 44, 109 Minna street, and
Annie E. King, 28, 131 Third Btreet.
Ernst Stlrnkorb, 27. 933 Folsom street, and Ida
Hofmann. 23. 43S Second street.
MAERIAGE LICENSES.
XOB Hill— To let. 2 nicely furnished rooms;
moderate terms; private family. Apply at 813
California st.. below Powell.
NATOMA. 411. near Fifth— First class sunny
front rooms to let; furnished; private fam-
ily.
MISSION, f-'.s— Rooms, single or en suite; also
housekeeping.
MINNA. €67. cor. Eichth— New furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week: transient.
HOWARD. SS?. cor. 6th— Nicely furnished eunny
rooms reasonable; by day, week or month.
J. V. KLLIS. Clerk
PROPOSALS for State Prison supplies— Bids
will be received,by the State Doard of Prison.
Directors at San Quentln. up to the hour
of 10:30 -a. m. of July 7. 1900. for supplying
the State Prison at San Quentin with coal
for the ensuing fiscal year. A certified check
equal to 10 per cent of the bid. payable to the
president of the board, must accompany each
bid. Schedules and conditions to be had on
appllcatlcn to the clerk.
HOTEL Francisco — Elegant suites: single: tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HARRISON. 7S4*i, nr. Fourth— Finely furnished
ninny rooms; bath; all conveniences; home-
like; $1 week up.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 727— Nicely furnished
front room; bath; gentleman; private; reas.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevatcr.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or tingle; travelers a ceo' dated.
FOURTH. 222V4— Nicely furnished bay-window
and sincle rooms; moderate; quiet.
FOLSOM. 965, cbr. Cth (The Oliver)-Newly fur-
nished sunny rooms, single or suites; reasonbl.
FOLSOM. S34 — $1 week; larsre sunny furnished
room; closet; water; bath; Drivate.
BURNETT. 1420 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nish rms.. FUltes. single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 5<5— Nicely furnished rooms at
reasonable rates.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
tfe\ JEAN IE
J ""^S Tho First Passenger Steam-
* / ship to Beach Cape Nome,
Leaves. Seattle
FOR
JUNE 25th.
FIRST-CLASS LIGHTERAGE FACILITIE3
AT NOME.
For passenger and freight rates apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.,
30 California St., S. F.
313 1st Ave. South, Seattle.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• . . Steamers leave Broadway
fcw wharf. San Francisco:
ICv*^. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
Iw9g&&- June la. 20. 25. 30. July 5.
t&S??*Safef»h. Change to company's steam-
fc& kS*>\^31 em a t Seattle.
S^aSISS V&11 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
EK?SCS« r ViM C). Port Townwad. Peattl*.
r^^SSFjrS&i Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes.
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
"^4 H a. m., June 13. 20, 25, SO.
July 5, and every fifth day thereafter: change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Hy. : at Tacotna. to N. P. By.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay-19 a. m., June
17 23. 27. Juiy 1. and every fifth day "there-
after. ;l
For Santa Ccnz. Monterey, Fan Simeon.. Cay-
uccs Port HarTord (San Luis OMspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Fcdrn (Los AnreleM and Newport—
9 a. in.. June 18. 50. !4, 13. July 2, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San niego. rtoppln^ only »t Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). ganta Barbara. Port
Los Anjcelps and R*dondn (Los Anpeles)— 11 ».
m., June IS. 12. 28. 30, July 4, .and every fourth
day thereafter.
For-.Knsenada, M«grila>ns» Bay. Pan Jrm« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La. Paa. Sant* Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. in.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company s
folders.
The company reserves th« rt«cht to change
steamers, railing dates and hours of sailing
•w'thmtt previous notice.
TICKIsT nwvif'K— 4 New Montgomery
Ftre»t (Pfllare Hotel).
GCODALL. FETtKTXR & CO.. Gen. Asents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. CO.
DTfl'ATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Epear-etreet Wharf at 11 a. m.
CARC SI2 First Class including Bsrt^
rHnc $8 Second Clas* and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
June 22. July »
COLUMBIA «all« June 17. 27. July 7
Short irne to Walla Walla. Fnckane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets tr» all points Kast.
¦ E. C. "WARD. General Affent,
6V> Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS t CO..
¦ Superintendents.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION C9.
•WILIi DISPATCH FOR
NOME DIRECT
The elegant, fast, Al new passenger steamer.
S> S. NOME CITY,
1600 tons reslster.
ABOUT JULY 1st.
Connections at ST. MICHAEL for DAW8O.1
and all YUKON RIVER POINTS.
For Passenger and Fretsht Rat»s Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPL1RATI0N CO.
/39 FOST ST.
TOYO KISEN KAISfli
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
rer First and Brannan sfrpets. 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllnjr at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nacasakl and Shnnshal. and
connecting at Honskon* with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on beard on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU Tuesday, July 10. 1300
SS. AMERICA MARU
...Frldar, August 3. 1300
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday, August 29
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
t. ¦ ¦,: , T7. H. AVERT. General Agent.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HOKOHrLU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only) J...
Wednesday. June !7. 1 p. m.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed. .July 11. 8 p. m.
I. D. SPRECXELS & BROS. CO., Agts., JM Montgomon
Pisr 7. Foot Pacific St. Fr«isht0iflce.o2? Market SL '
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMERsT
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJoT
Steamer "Monilcello."
MON., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 945
a.m.; 8:13. S:30 p.m. (ex. Thurs. nljrht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:39: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pler.No. 2. Tolephone Main 1303.
FARE 50c.
RAILROAD TBAVEI..
CALIFORNIA NOHTflWESTEEN RY. Ca
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAC1F15
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbar«a F«rry, Foot of Market Sfc
BA2i FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 3:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:31,
8:30. 6:10, <:S0 p. in. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:U
and 11:30 n. m.
•UNDAYB- «:C0. •:». U:00 a. m.t 1:30. t:l*
6:00. 6:20 D. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAM FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY8-6:10. 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 1J:O,
1:40, 6:15 p. ra. Saturday*— Extra trip* M
1:55 and 8:25 a. m.
BUXDATS- 8:10, 3:40, U:10 a. m.t 1:40. 1:40.
6:05. «:23 p. rn.
Between Ban Francisco and Bchuetien Park
¦axa« schedule aa abort. . ¦
L«av* , I In Effect. I Arrlv«
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15, 1900.) 8an FVancl»go>.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I We«k
Days. I dayi. | Destination.] days. | Daya.
7:30 am 8:00 »m Kovato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petalutna. 4:05 pm 19:15 am
6:13 pm 8:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:15 pm «:20 ptn
Ftilton. . I >
T:SO am Win Isor. 10:29 am
Healdsbur*. -
Lytton.
Geyserville.
1:39 pm 8^0 am Cloverdale. T:W pm <:W pm
7:S0am| I HopUnd j |10:t5 an
»:80 pm| 8:00 anal and Ulclah. I T J3 pra| 1:20 pm
;.- ~~ T~ L 10:15 am
I 8:00 ami GuerncviUe. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm! -| «:Mpm
7:«o am 8:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
I and
6:19 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Elltn. 8:03 pm 8:29 pm
7i30amt 8:C0am| 110:49 aaa!lO:Z5 am
. 8:30 pm| 6:<X> pm| Seb&atopoL 1 7:35 pm| 6:20 pra
8ta«res connect at Santa Rosa for Stark West
Sirtntrs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for A 1 truna.: at Lytton for Lytton Sprlnss: at
Oeyservllle for Ska«fs Springs: at Coverdal*
for the Geysers: at Hocland for Duncaa
Sprlnjcs, Highland Sprlnrs. KelseyrlU«. Car!s-
bad Springs, • Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartl'tt
Kprlnita: at TJklah for Vichy Springs, Saratora
PprlngTt, Blue Lakes, Lturcl Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Llwley's, Ducknell'a.
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle. Orr"» Hot
Bprlncs. Mendoelno Ctty. Fort Brarar. West-
Sort. . Uaal. -. WHllts, L*ytonv1Jle. Cummin*.
lell s Springs. . Harris, O!sen's» Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip, tickets at '
reduced rate*.
On Sunday ronnd trip tickets to an potata
beyond San Rafael at half rate*. - » -
Ticket offices. 6£0 Market it.. Chronicle bldav
H. C. WHITING. • R. X. RTANT^
General Manager. Paw. Agent.
M0U1TT TAMALP AI3 SCENIC RAILWAY '
Leave San Frandsco via Sausallto Ferry* I
WKEK DAYS. ...9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 6:15 p m. i
EUNDAYS ....8V 9. 10. U a.', m.. 1:35. 2:11 pi Si
Tare San Francisco to Summit and return. $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN. I
BARTLETT. 102. near 22d— Sunr.y front alcove
room, with hoard: hot and cold water.
.PROPOSALS.
BIDS WANTED— Notice ls~hereby~gTve^~that
realed proposals will be received by the Board
cf Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at it* office, room 13, 310 Sansome st
San Francisco. Cal.. up tn. 10:30 o'clock a m
BATUHDAY. Jime 13. 1300. and operaed" lm'l
mediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnlshlnff and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the 'Vet-
erans' Home. Ni'.pa County, Cal.. (rall-oad
nation Yountvllle). for Fix months commenc-
ing July 1, J900. and ending December Ji, isoo
Schedules with Information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by. the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it
Is in accordance with such schedules Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied cheek upon some well-known and re-
epor.slble banking house for > at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to C
Mason Klnne. treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a pood and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all .bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified
Address J. J. 8COVILL.E, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Horau of Cali-
fornia, room 13. 320 Eansome St.. San Fran-
cicco. .Cal. By order of the Board of Direc-
tors^ J^ J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
AN elegant sunny suite for gentlemen; $35.
Address box 1?19, Call office.
BOOHS TO LET Furn. and I'ntnrn.
A -BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth-Rooms
Tic to $1 per night. $1 21 to {5 per week, and
light housekeeping: cpen all night.
OAKLAND FURNITURE . KOit SA:.E.
AN Introduction to you from H. Rchelihaasrthe
furniture dealer. 11th nnd Franklin. Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 1200 Fillmore st.
VAN XESS ave., 1021 — Runny suite with kitch-
en; pas ranpe; bath; $25.
WANTED— Read this: Want an 8-room hou*e
in East Oakland or elsewhere; will give $1000
cash and a jjood property consisting of an 8-
room flat worth J2C00. all clear. Apply to AL-
DEN CO.. HIS Broadway.
BLOCK 64. must be *old. near 23d ave.. 17th St..
Kast Oakland; a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWTFT. 111! East Slx-
ternth f=t.. East Oakland.
In the 1,-iU-M ideas: location and neighborhood
the best; sunny; good lot; space too limited
to extol Its qualities; see it; first come ilrst
served; carriages at office. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
J310O-CHEAP AT J10C0.
Rnfrlish house: near local station; 7 rooms
I>er week
TI.'HK, M?.— Sunny bedroom and kitchen*, com-
plete fnr housekeeping; gas stove; bath; ?3 25
SIXTH. 4«0— 2 front bay-window housekeeplni
euites, double and single rooms; bath.
SIXTH. 120— Two nlbely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, with stoves.
MOSS, 18. oft Howard, near Seventh — 2 rooms,
furnished complete for housekeeping.
OAK, 119— Sunny front room furnished for
_Jlcht_houEekeei>ing for 1 or 2; $5.
MARTHA place. 4. ofT Ocary. bet. Mason and
Taylor — $10; 2 furnished housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 14:S. bet. Tenth and Eleventh-2 or
3 eunny rooms for housekeeping.
12000— NEW Colonial house; right In the heart
of tho city; no carfare;- mighty neat; 3
rooms; bath; ui> to date; 3\minutes' walk to
lojal; street work complete; ready to walk
into; see it. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
OAKLAND REALESTATE.
IIAHRISOX. 946 — Kurnished rooms for house-
keeping; hIso stnclc rooms.
GEAHY, si?— Housekcepinp suite; sun all day;
aiso tourists accommodated.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
HEAL ESTATE CITY — KOIt SALE.
n. ii. c&ibsen & co..
34 Mor.tjiomvry st.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
At cur Salesroom. MOXDAY. June 25. 1SO0. fit
The follfwine p!ece of prc#t>erty. by order of
Henry l>. Pnitmi'iC xilc refere* (subject by con-
firmation l>y the»cnurt:
5 end £ Crrstral tilcce. rtt S. l!ne of Tine Ft.,
near Kfarny; ImiwtnrrorntK consist of Z dwell-
ing; rents f.*!» »>c-r motytlt: lot 23:€x-S:7.
GIIKF.V-Sf. RESIDENCE.
2"05 Green i-t.. K. Iin.\ near Soot: — Elepant
modem resilience. cctivUtinr a' itinbVt p.trlcry,
<11ninK room, I>u:Wf pantry. bt'lianl room and
*ev«»r«l Jwdroorcs; rentM at $''O |wr month;
heating spj-wratUR. complete ; brick foundation.
•*&; lot 27:CM37:£.
SUTTEB-ST. r.E?!DEN"CE.
1S12 Sutler tt.. N. line, near Buchanan— nay-
window residence. 12 rooms and bath, laundry.
etc: brick foun:1ati<;n. stone w.ilk; street ac-
cepted: lot 2l:4'. 2 xi:;T:r: l.anl: mortcage of $6000
at C' s r>er cent can r«f.nin.
PACIFIC UK1GHTS RESIDENCE.
2I1J Washington et.. ?. lino, near Webster—
Modem residence. 11 r>orns and bath, talon par-
lor*, etc.; rent '*- "-0 per miT.th; brick founda-
tion; cement w;iik; rtreet Bitaminlzed and ac-
cepted; lot *CxI17:S',i.
CHOICE HKSIDHNCE NEAR PARK.
120 Lyon Ft.. E. lino, near I'age— Modern resi-
dence, u rooms ar.J l;ath; concrete foundation
«nent walk; p:re«»t accepted: lot 2;x31:2.
•'L-'.Y-i-T. !.\Vi:t?TMENT.
tSS Clay s-t.. S. Un?. near Mason— Improve-
r^cr.te cor.sltt of S tenements; rents ?54 per
nxenth; street accepted; let <0i46.
MISSION* HOME.
23(1 w 03 '^ 10 " x>ark> bet - Thirteenth and Four-
teenth, Guerrero and Dolores Ets.— Two-story
bay-*ia«ow bous* of 10 rooms ar.d bath; lot
Znu*.
MISSION HOME.
* Pearl st l>et. Market and Thirteenth, Va-
lencia and Guerrero *:<=.— Two-story dwelline of
C rooms ar.d bath; rcr.t i?i j>cr month; brick
fouadatioa, etc.; lot 2SxS0.
SPECULATORS. ATTENTION !
Outside Lands block 711— This desirable offer-
ing-, only one block frr.m the park; 240x600.
POTREP.O INVESTMENT.
122 and 3»« Utah st.. bet. Aiameda and Fif-
teenth— I~.proven-.eT-t* consist of 2 frame dwell-
;?f",~ f .? rooTl ? s each; rents J17 per month: lot
I2£xl(S Urreeular).
8OUTHKIDE IN\*ESTMENT.
- 2 i 5^ <1 w :CT ' Perry Bt - SE - Une - ***• Fourth
ftr.d I-.fth— l>ouble house of € rooms each; renta
ii-i per montki: street accept*-d; let ZCxSO.
SOUTHSIDE INVESTMENT.
2« Perry et., SE. line. bet. Fourth and Flfth-
Two-etor>" house of 7 rooms; rent $14 per month;
•treet accented; lot 2CxS0.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Thirteenth «t.. g. line, near Querrero— Two
choice building lots, e*ch.
PARK BUILDING LOTS.
N^l? th e - E - 1Ine ' ***• H and I ets - Sunset
$.^} ri ? t ~ F . ollr lot ». *» » whole or separately.
Atx.s location ts rapidly Improving and becoming
ce£:rabie residence property; adjacent to Ooldea
uate Park and handy to two car lines; lots 25x
ltO each.
For lurther particular* apply at our office.
G. H. I'UBSEN & CO.,
m ___^_____ 14 Montgomery street.
EAETON. ELDRIDGE & CO
€2S MARKET STREET.
PAYS OVER IS PER CENT.
»S,00O-REDUCED FROM 14.000; 6 flata of 4
and S rooms; lot 33:9x75; Clara, near
fcUth; rents $47 per month.
PATS OVER 17 PER CENT.
$11.000— On Stockton ct.. near Pine; 11 flats and
house; all firc^-class condition; four
frontages; rents |1GO per month.
PATS OVER 15 PER CENT.
$S,VXi— Near Sixth and Folsom Fts. • 6 flats of
4 and 7 rooms; lot D0x75 feet; rents $72
per month.
PATS OVER 15 PER CENT.
J3,o£y>— € fiats on Welch, near Fourth; renta $46
I>er month.
$C,SOO— Larkln. near Bush: S fin* well-built"
Sate; rents $G5 per month.
PATS O^"ER 10 PER CENT.
5H.2-O— Port, near Hyde; 3 elegrant modern flats
of * rooms and bath; £5x137:6; rtfnts H2.
per month.
I10.S0O— 3 modern fiats of 7, 8, 8 rooms and bath:
lot aklina to rear street: rents $91 per
moc:h; Eddy, near Buchanan.
f7.5W— t new modern flats of 3 rooms and bath;
Afbbury. near Tark Panhandle; rents
$67 SO per month; :3sIC6:J feet.
ON EASt TERMS.
A VEAVTIFITL. NE\V MOIJEliN HOME.
FOR TOUR RENT MONET.
S2M— Cafh; balance $25 per month; interest <
per cent; interest only on unpaid bal-
ance; eleeant new modern home of 6
rooms and bath aad basement on Do-
lores St.
OX INSTALLMENT
LOTS ON HTTJE STREET.
$S50— Fine level lots on Hyde street car line;
beautiful marine view; will build to
suit on easy terms.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
_ 6SS Market street.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAT. JUNE 26TH, 1900,
At 12 o'clock noon.
At our salesroom, CSS Market et.
"WHOLESALE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
West line (No. 221) Davis ev. 27 feet «outh
ef Clay; improvements. 3-story and basement
brick buildiag; lot 20x55 feet; mortgage of
110,000 can remain.
CLAT-ST. INVESTMENT.
South Bide (No. 2409) Clay St., 1CS:9 west of
Webeter; front house, 7 rooms and bath; rear
house, 4 rooms; rents $42 per month; lot 25x
127:4% feet.
"WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGES.
East side (No. 2S10) Octavla et.. 110 feet north
ef Union; front house, S rooms, and new rear
cottage. 5 rooms end bath; rents $20 per month:
lot 27:CxlO3 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS CORNER.
Southwest corner (No. 2601) T'OBt and Lyon
et«.; store and S rooms and cottage of 3 rooms;
lot 2ta£2:6 feet; mortgage $3C00.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southeast Bide (Noi. 247-E1) Bhipley St.. 373
•outhwest of Fifth; < tin* well-built flats of
4 end 7 rooms ; rents f 72 per month; lot 50x75
Jtet.
LEAVENTTORTH-ST FLATS.
East elde CXos. 1120-1120A) Leavenworth St..
t2 feet H Inches aouxh of Sacramento; 2 flats
cf 6 ar.d € rooms and bath; rents $42 50 per
month; Iot*22:llx80 feet to rear street.
PROBATE KALE.
North «ld« <Nos. 422-472bi) Fulton et., 192:6
vest of Gouxh; fiats and rear house; rents
t_: per mocth;lct 27:Sxl37:C; mortgags $2300.
POINT LOBOS AVE. INVESTMENT. -
South Side (No. 1312) Point Lobos av«.. 67:8
' feet west of » Second eve. ; Etore *nd flat, 5
room* end bath; rents $22 per menth; lot 23x
120 feet.
, .
ELEGANT MIESIOX RESIDENCE.
Kcrth elde <No. J2M) Twenty-first «t.. 224 feet
west of Mlrelcn; elegant raodem residence of
10 rocras and bath, etc.; let C2x85 feet.
TWENTT-FOUnTH-ST. COTTAGE.
South line (No. <247) T-wer.ty-rcurth St.. 75
feet east of louglass; new modern cottage of
1 rooir.s and bath; lot 25x99 feet,
MISSION" irOTTAGE.
r:a»t K!de (No. 123) Andover St.. 25 north of
Blntne st.: * rooms and bath and basement;
lot >x70 feet.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO INVESTMENT.
W«t slda ItaJlrcad ave.. SC:6 southwest of
Elctth ave.: store and 4 rooms; lot 21:6x131 feet. .
KABTON.. ELDRIDGE &,CO.
Oi Market tt.
BtrsrNnr-s pror^ny— Big eacriflc* on. Howard
street, near «ifa. Bew Drus Co., Aiameda.
'it R A PEST »ndV F t in America— The Weekly ,
.'sli, 36 pac»», ee r.t to any nddreei In tht •
United Ftatr«j or cne year for $L
nr.AL ESTATE COU.VTItV For sale •
1-XDIt sale or exchange— Acre and cottage: Ban
I iafart ; bai gain. c. HENDERSON, 304 Mont-
cornerj' *t~ '
FOB BALE — aood-r>aylnp investment; country
hotel; rented at JiO. Fcr particulars apply *t
fomlnv<-»t rrrn^r Eddy and Taylor sti. !
ROOM* FOH IIOISEKEEPIXC.
BUSH. 212S-2 runnr front rooms furnished Xqx =
light houeekeeplng; adults only.
EIGHTH. S4B. near Market-One or two sunny
bedrooms with kitchen, furnished for house- '
keepius: bath; private family.
RLLTS. 23')-2 email sunny furnished houtekeep-
lmr roomi. In rear; rent $9. ,
FOLSOM. 77C>-i— 2 neatly furnished connecting-
housekepin? rooms; also 1 tingle room..
EI5DT. J17— Very desirable' furnished house- =
keeping rooms; no children; private residence.
FIFTH. 24K— Suite of rooms furnished for I
houselteeplnff; cheap rent.
BAILBOAD TBA VEL.
•OPTJiaiBM t-MVirir. f»BPAI&
(rACiriu HfiTRM.)
Train* !•»*«• md turm ¦!««• «o arrtia ¦•
MAN fr'i: 4. X«: !*<-«». .
<31*la Line. Foot of HarUet SCeat.)
twvx — rnr>M Mat 13. rca. — aim
•7:O(H Binleii. Sultan, Elmira. VnciTda,
KuuMry :>iul .M,_-r:iiii.'i-'> *7i-I3»
•7:OO* Shut* Kson-M-I'mu. W iUiam» (fot
v- Bartlett Springs), Willow* Utxl
Bluff, l\>rt:»«Ml *7iI3p
*733O* Martinet, S&" Kaiim»b. V«l!eju. 2i'h*>
Oaliatiig* amt SsnU lion •B:l3p
•9:0Oa D.ni», Wtxhi'aaii. Kui^bU l.tri'.n/.
M*r;»ill«. tiroililrt. •7:I5»
•StOO* AtUntlo KiiirMi-<i;.;iM, »nd Kaat *I1 :!.*»«
••.-;:¦» 4 San Jim*. l.if rrllinn-, ntoekbiH,
lone, riacraiMento. rV*r> rvi!>.
Mnr*"Uip. tiiic. i£s.t itiiwr »iiinr
•llsStt* O.ikr!al-, Chlnasa (foi Yuiemtte).
t) mnra •'. 1 »f.i-rj. •t:13r
•!l:0O» II^y«r;inis. N)ir« »n<l Wij Hutilitil. *• 1 1-«3*
•O:(I'»a \s: An??l«s £ii>ro» — Martinr*.
Tr»cy. LtttnrOlf. .ituvkton. ilerc d
itul KrMiiu »«sI>F
•!>i3O* VuU-J... Mw'.in-t •it.l W»r HUtioiK ••sl.lr
• I»:UU» The OTetUiwl Llmilwl— Ogtleu. l>sn.
rer. thialu. «"hlcai. •3iir»r
•1I:OOa Nil. a. l.i»i>rin«.re. Hiocitou. Hma%-
inrnr • Mei:<loU. Ilknforl. VI-ta.ii.jk.
Purt«r?ll!« *-lil3f
•I4:flim Ilaj«»r.!». Nile* *m! W 17 auiloni. •*:4*r
tl:««r S.inuiiM-Mtci i:i»«ir H <-.ii,.m <} l)u»
•:»:«>«r lUjrw.ri-i. .Nil-s »ml \v » T 8tatlona. •:>: l»r
•litiwr M.trtii'vr.. Hxu lUniou, V»lle]o.
tU|>». <,'»H«I .k», Hai'.U Has* *V:IH*
•I son r llnuieU. WlsMrs. .-iii'r imeiio,
W,-.o.ll»iicl. K»iKliU l»oJi.Tl.
MuryiifiSIr, Oiniilln *••:«¦*
*-ts3Or Nlles. Hmi JtimittMl StocSU>n *?itS»
•3:UttrTh« O«»l IJmlt«<t— Tiary. Freano.
IJ.tk'rmii.-l.l, MtMlgtu f .it tUnU t:»r-
lmra. I .•¦ft Aiijvirs 'Dillt
*3:OOr Frrjuii r»t«fn,^r- .".I?rtiii'-x. I>ath-
rip. 8tocktoa. Mrrccxl. Hrn-.nU
(Kjjr.i....,; f..r Vo«emir«>. *"rt«m».. M3:l»*
*3:<l«lr New hirnr.j EirrcM-IS»krrili>-l<l.
M*lit» !;.irii*f.t. l.iMt Ai'K"'". <>r:i|.
I11K. El Tua. Now Orleans •ud
But •¦•434
•Ji!tf Nmu r.» Uuut*— AUiuitla Ki:tet«
for »I..J«»« Ki..t Km* *a>4»v
•0:<l'»p n.\jtw* r >\i. Nile. »ml ."ten -loos *7: «l*
t»:OOr V«llcjo *l3tiap
•iliOiir Oriental M*iV- Og>l«n. Ch^enc*.
Or:i.»l* Ctilenga *11:1S«
•«:OOr Oriental .\i»i: -Og-iea, Dflnier.
Oman*. f:!iin*s" *-I»I3f
t7ioi» r T»li»K I'mt «.imu •¦•<! r,'» r hu
lions J»:-"J2r
•»iO3p Or»K»ii aixl (Ulifnr'.iU Kii>r*u> t4««.
nuttaHlM, xUrs-xillio. ltt»l<lli<g.
|-..n:«».t. !•..«-> -s 1 »...! K-mt •Ctl»>
COAST DtltHlOa (XarrniT U»» n t).
',F<H,t t,f SUtkrt, Street.*
t?>43A 8»nt» L'ru» Kneursi'iu for Sant»
Crtuc sad I*rt:ioly-jJ W *j- H:.i;i,.ni I':«3r
*SllH* t' e-.tark. t-'-i. l.-iTii i>:> »n .!.•«. K.-it-....
B(>u!.lcrt.'ir«l«..S»i:!iiCiiii:»K IV.'n
8UU<.im •«!««»
ItilSr Newark (>i,i«vl!li>. Fan .ln«». New
AInv4tl«n. K'lt.in. I'.i-u.lnr ' r-Kii.
Hmnlw i'mi ami l'rincl|>al Waf
Kl.ttliuin t l«»:l«»»
•4:l3f Newark. .s»n .!¦«». !.«,« Cv.-w •¦•¦•«
qlil3 r Clenwiio.1. FeUmi. («*rn» frui «M;»O4
CREEK-HOUTE FERRY.
trtmtK) nuisisca -?«l »l «»r..-. JUtrttJliptV—
•7:18 o.o« iruo4.ii. Hflj *Ja3 13-30
M:0: 13:33 '8:33 r.-.
flislllUl«J-rjoU 1 .'rm..i.-M.!'l) 8 00 lU-ftOt.al.
t»:C3 '1:03 tS:g3 'T.H t«;S3 •g:C3r.M.
tOAM DIVISION tHrtia Mianjre).
(Tfiirtlnml Ta.«mw..l SU.)
t4:l«* Oeean View. Month San Kraiicfeeo.. ttiS&r
t?:UO* M,,, .| <>9 , mhI \. .,,- KUU..na (New
A'...»cl.-.. \v w )i.ct.l»im»lr) •liSOv
(7:30* Sunilay Ricuraion f r >*u Joae,
H»nt» Cru!-.. r»-.fac Urofc aod
I*rineip*l Way SuUons t«:33v
•».O»»h.ii J,,,,.. T.r» I'Ihm. Hmtxlmttna.
r*i-l::c l.imi. |-*Ai> Kul.l.-a. Shu
I.11U Ol.ioKo. *.irf. l.ou t-oc and
rili.o!|.«l W»j SUlliiii* Mrlilf
•in:lo» fi M J,,,,, 4 ,,,| \Y mJ HlaUnna •":».¦»»
*II:3O* M»ii.lo«p,;,o»C»t09iP.ilUar.-;taMiMi« # 3:S»P
l*!l.->i- fun M»t-... Uc.lwr.ml. M.i !<i r. t rH.
}*>!» A<to. >4!it»t;:»ri. San .!..,.„,
Tres flnos. .Santa Cmz. Stliiiaa.
Uontrtcr au-l VtvHie Grxrt |l«»::««*
? 3i3«r Kan.li«i»ani« \X»j Mlolum •7:3i>i>
HllSr Sao.J.vn.^ii.1 rrii,«-i;sl Waj Klatloua *9:I5«
t3:»»»f s*:i Joe, Lv9 Ur.oa and !>ritici?a!
Wax Station* t»:««»
>.1:3np AaeJotr au.l l'rlnrt|tal \V»y MtaUona ?¦::»•">»
•O::i»r San.lnif an.l \Y.i/ St.ttiiun <*•:«)>«
«ll:IAr San Jut a n.l War Sutlmn »7;3)»r
A for Uormiij Ffor A f ternntm •
•Dally. t MiiiMut «-irr|.t*d. : .Su.-idar ««>l»
I «»t»r.I;>r »nlT.
• SiturUr and Snn.lur t •¦¦>::,,] \j and JIot:c5s»
E7Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chape! of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2429 MlR5icn street, near Twenty-first.
Interment private. Mount Olivet Cemetery.
TUCKER— In Putney. England, Ann, dearly be-
loved wife of William Tucker, late of San
Francisco.
TUFTS-In this city, June 18. 1900, Francis B.
Tufts, a native of New York, aged 73 years.
CTFuneral services this day (Wednesday)
at 9:J0 o'clock, at St. Icnatius Church, in-
terment rrivate.
ICyinterment private/June 21st.
TRF.ADWELL— In this city, June IS. 1900. Ar-
thur, beloved son of James \V\ and Mary
Treadwell. and brother of Mary, Mercy. Ruth,
Horace, Elizabeth. Amelia and Joseph Tread-
well. a native of New Zealand) aged 29 years.
(Sonoma and New Zealand papers please
copy.)
(CTTriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the . residence
of Mrs. C. L. Woods, 1624 Bay street. Inter-
ment private, Mountain View Cemetery- No
flowers.
SCHAFER— In Los Angeles, June 17. 1900,
George, dearly beloved husband of Louise
Schafer (nee Gall), son of Georj?» nnd Kmm»
Schafer, and brother of Charles. Emma.
,Eliza. Lulu and Annie Schafer. aged 23 years
"VB months and 15 days.
Ct7Funeral strictly private.
NAKL— In Alameda. June 19, 1900, Annie J.
Nahl. beloved mother of Perharn W., Arthur
C, Virgil T.. Constante A. and Aufrusta A.
Nahl and Edna J. Powell, a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged t« years 3 months and 19 days.
tC7"Fr|ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. £ Simpson place, off First street. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery-
MIDDLETON— In East Oakland, June 17. 1900.
Jessie Rennle Mlddleton, beloved mother of
John and James Mlddletun and Mrs. A. Camp-
bell, a native of Arbrcth, Scotland, aged 62
years 4 months and 2S days.
C7"Frlends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mcrrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, Bassctt Ftreet, . between Lloyd and
Railroad avenues, near Fruitvale station.
McGUIRE— In San Lorenzo.- June 19. 1900, Wil-
liam McGuire, beloved father of Mrs., Patrick
Lasrue, and brother of John McGulre, a na-
tive of the parish of Lifarne, Ireland, aged
CS rears. >
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), nt 10 o'clock, at his
late residence at San Lorenzo. A solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 11 o'clock. Interment at
Haywards.
McNAMARA— In this city, June 19, 1900, at the
residence of his parents. 1020 Alabama street,
John B. McNamara. dearly beloved and only
son of William and Elizabeth McNamara
and beloved brother of Theresia and Clara
McNamara. a native cf San Francisco, aged
2 yeare fi months and 19 days.
METHEN-In this city. June 18. 1900. Jacob,
beloved husband of Sarah Methen, nnd father
of E. Allen, Mrs. L. Corcoran and Mrs. E.
Howell. a native of Germany, aped 59 years.
tT7"Frieniis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thurfday). at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. A. F. Morrison, 1003
Minna street, near Eleventh. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
KITTERMAX— in this eity, June ID, 1900, Han-
nah Kitterman, beloved wife of James Kit-
terman. mother of James. Edward, George
nnd Mattle Smith, daughter of Bridget and
the late Owen Gorman, and sister of Mrs. P.
A. Buckley. Mrs. Bridget Herst and Edward.
Michael. Owen, Patrick and James Gorman,
a native of Lucan, County Dublin, Ireland,
a^ed 44 years.
C?"Frierids and acquaintances are r*snect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral Friday.
Jun* 22, from her late residence. £32 Lombard
Ftreet, thencfi to St. Francis Church. >. where
a solemn requiem high ' mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LUGAGN— In this city. June 19, 1900, Grace, the
treasure of the Lugagn family, darling baby
daughter of Mary and Philicran Lugagn, and
sUter of Mary, Agnes. Kathryne, Leonore.
John, Alberta and Marl Lusagn, a native of
San Francisco.
LUNDQUIST— In Fruitvale, June 19. 1900. Mary
Matilda, beloved wife of Captain Charles
I.'.inilquifet, and mother of Charles, Oliver and
Irwin* Lundquist, a native of Coos Bay, Or.,
aged 24 years 11 months and 7 days.
CTTricnds are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at
8:30 o'clock, from his late, residence. 1124 Fol-
Eom street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem histh mass will be celebrated
for the ' epose of her wiul at 'J o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
HOFFMAN— In this city, June IS. 1900. Lizzie
Hoffman, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
JONES-In this city. June 19. 1000, Mary S.
Jones, mother of , Mrs. A. F. Morrison and
William I>. and Paul M. Jones, a native of
Wales. -aRPd 69 years 8 months and 16 days.
JAMES JORDANi Secretary. , I
GRAY— In' this city. June J9. 1900. Ellen Gray,
beloved sister of Susan Gray, a native of
Coun*y Armagh, Ireland, ag-ed 84 years and 9
months. A member of. the Third Order of St.
Francis.
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1S13 Powell street, thence to St. Fran-
cis-Church, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TO the officers and members of Empire Coun-
cil No. 47. Order of Chosen Friends— You are
. hereby notified to meet at 1813 Powell -street
this dny (Wednesday), nt 8:45 o'clock sharp,
to attend tho funeral of our late friend. Jo-
hanna M. Foley,
ROSA BRODERICK. Councilor.
(C7"Frieuds are respectfully Invited to ' nt-
'tend the funeral services this day £Wednes-
day), at 10 o'clock, at St. Stephen's Church,
. Fulton street, between "Webster and Fillmore.
Interment" private.- • -^ '.
FOLEY- In this city. June IS. 1D00, Johanna M..
beloved- wife of. Thomas Foley, mother of
Annie and Thomas J. Foley, Sister Mary
Regis and Mrs. John Stites, and sister of.
Herman Brethauer, a native of Meinzholzert.
Brunsn-ich, Germany, aged 58 years. "
C^Friends " and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
aced 84 ; year3 3 months and 7 days. • (Balti-
more. Hauerstown and Frederick." Md .papers
please copy.)
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
itUOMS roil HOUSEKEEPING.
FOURTH. 125 — Large furnished room for house-
kceplns; rent reasonable. ¦
nOOJIS AND nOARD WANTED.
WANTED— By a gentleman and his mother,
furnished rooms with board for one. Address,
Rtatlni? terms, box 634, Call office.
Telephone South SO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.ESCAPED MONKEY GIVES A
SHOW ON BRANNAN STREET
In the meantime the people 'of Oakland
will rehearse the facts of the case In.
which they are so intimately interested.
They know that on questions of fact
the decision of the trial court Is final
his appointment of Judge Hart .was tnere
fore Illegal. The Supreme Court granted
the writ of prohibition yesterday and
Judge Hart, temporarily, at least, is re
lieved from the burden of that duty which
rests so heavily upon him. The writ has
been made returnable-on June 25 and until
then nothing can be dr.no.
and that If that court accepts the valua
tion . of the '. Contra ¦ Costa Water Com
pany as the: corporation claims it to bo
the Supreme Court* will not question the
decision. This valuation is $8,000,000,
which, under any form of analysis seem?
not to boar inspection. The original cap
ital, stock of the Contra Costa Water
Company was $3,000,000, and the bonded
debt was f2,000.000. This capitalization of
the corporation .was Increased- by vote pf
the directors to $6,000,000. Then the d<?ai
with the Hnyward company was made
The situation was becoming more in
tenee every day until on Monday Attor
ney Robert Y. Hayno. filed: a p petition bo
fore the Supreme Court asking that trib
unal to prohibit Judge Hart from acting
In the case. Hayne pleaded in his peti
tion that as Judge Ogden was not-quali
fied to try the case he was not qualified
to name tna Judse who should uu so and
Even an assertion of mistaken Identity
did not swerve him from his Spartan sense
of duty. Judge Ogden listened to the roar
of protest which followed his selection "
and said that he thought he had chosen
A. L. Hart, not E. C. Hart of Sacramen
to. In making this explanation Judge Og.
den probably forgot his political history
and did not remember that A. L. Hart of
Sacramento never was a Judge. But still
Judge Hart was proof against removal.
He overruled the demurrer 'of, the, people
of Oakland, and when they appealed- to
rae the books decided that they could not
ask for a blanket order, but -must specify
the particular books they, desired.
This selection precipitated another storm
which hoc given to the complicated affair
a political phase. The people of Oakland,
through their attorney. Kobert T. Hayne,
objected to Judge Hart, but Judge Hart
decided that he was fully competent \o
act. He, therefore, overruled the objec
tion. His sense of duty, It appears, was
more keen than his personal pride. He
knew that he was an associate of Alvinza
Hayward, the actual plaintiff in the case,
in political affairs, but no one could say
that the jurist from Sacramento was a
ratepayer to the water monopolist. Judge
Hart probably thought that politics makes
strange bedfellows, and . he was not • de
terred. He had been elected, at bis own
earnest solicitation, a delegate to the Re
publican National Convention, • but again
his sense of duty asserted itself and 'he
determined to sacrifice his personal desires
and judge a case In which the corpora- .
tlon plaintiff was fighting for him, and the
defendant,' with whatever courtesy .the
8ituati6n permitted, was asking him to
retire. Judge Hart decided not to go , to
the national convention, but to remain In
Oakland and try the case. ¦
The case was assigned to Judge F. B.
.Ogden, who decided that as a ratepayer
to the lltiguous corporation he was dis
qualified under the law. The other Su
perior Judsres of Alameda were In the
same position, but Judge Ogden was not
at a loss for an expedient. He decided
that because he was disqualified himself
tnat was no reason why he could not
choose the Judge who would be qualified
to try the case. This decision of Judge
Ogden Is at least Interesting if it is not
remarkable, and out of it came yesterday
an order of the Supreme Court of the
State which temporarily suspends all pro
ceedings in the case. Judge Ogden, not
withstanding his own' decree that he had
no power to act Jn the case, selected Judge
E. C. Hart of Sacramento to act In his
stead. . ¦ ••-.;. •
Oakland was shocked and the battle be
pan In the City Council. After due con
sideration the Council decided that the
company would bo fairly compensated by
an Interest of 6 per cent on a valuation a
trifle less than J4.O00.O50. Upon this basis
the water rates were fixed last" February
by the Council. It was the turn of the
Contra Costa Water Company to be
shocked. A vision of enormous profit had
vanished and the company instituted suit
to have the rates established by the
Council declared null and void. .Two rea
sons were given for this action, one be
ing that certain Irregularities in the fix
ing- of the rates had made them illegal and
the other that a sufficient income to the
company had not been assured.
The attorney? for the people of Oak
land will have therefore an extremely
difficult task to force into . court some
thing which does not exist. However
specific the demand may be, it cannot
be honored. When the new corporation
had rid Itself of the burden of telltale
books, preparations were made to meet
the City Council on the question of
rates. The war of the two companies
had so oaten Into profits that the need
of substantial returns' was immediate.
The company decided to be extremely lib
eral to Itself, and so when the question
of rates was presented the company de
manded 7 per cent interest on a capital
ization of JS.000,000.
grlmage was made to a point convenient
ly near the power-house and the books
ceased to exist. s-'v-
Leading Actors in the Litigation Which Is Interesting the State.
THE struggle cf the Contra Costa
¦\Vater Ccmpany to force the people
of Oakland to pay water rates upon
what is claimed to be an exag
gerated valuation of a raper c °r
pcratlon has reached a stage in which the
cr.tlre State is interest«^l. Tho water com
pany insists that it shall receive Interest
upen a certain capital, which is computed
no one knows how or why. The people of
Oakland, through the attorneys omploye-1
by the City Council, stand ready to guar
antee the water company *a fiir interest
upon a bona Jide cjipital. but they de
mand to know how that capital has
reached thV proportions which the lawyer.*
for the water company claim. The only
apparent method of determining th!s is-
Bue, which is of importance to every mu
nicipality in the State, is to produce and
examine the books and discover frcrn
them whal the' water coir.par.y will not
tell the sources of its capitalization.
The corporation submits its stock and
bond issues and whnt purports to be a
record cf actual expenditures in construc
tion and running expenses. Nothing but
the worn of corporation officers la sriver.
to support the.«e representations and the
attorneys for the people of Oakland de
mand that the original records of the mul
titude of transactions, the books of the
water company, be produced in court to
show that the stock has not been inflat
ed and that purported expenditures have
been genuine. This demand has been
stubbornly resisted. The Judge, who is
trying the case under conditions of the
most apparent interest, has declared that
the attorncyp for Oakland have no right
to demand all the book*, but must ask
rpecincaily for the records which they
need. The merits of this demand was to
have been argued to-day, but however
the Issue may be determined the fact will
remain that the books of the . Contra
Cceta Company, which could have any
beralnjj upon the case, cannot be pro
duced. They have been destroyed, it is
reported, and the most emphatic order of
the highest court In the State could not
brln£ them Into evidence.
Those who should be in possession of ac
curate information of affairs concerning
the Contra Co5ta Water Company declare
that the essential books have been burned
tnd that whatever the court may decide
it rrrust accept or reject the ngTires of
capitalization a« they have been presented
by the officials of the company. This
raises the : vitally Important question
•which le of moment to the municipalities
of the State. Shall the people of cities of
the State be compelled to pay quasi-pub
llc corporations interest upon valuations
which can neither be investigated nor
questioned? These valuations may be the
&€g-re£&te of corporations which exist on
paper. Stock Inflation may be suspected
out not proved without the records. Ex
penditure* upon which interest must be
paid may be claimed and without the
bocks nothing- can be questioned-
Tn«se are the vital Issues in a case
which has agitated Oakland and which
now baa assumed a phase of Interest to
the entire State. Scandal has followed
ecasdal In the affairs of the Oakland
w»ter companies. For years the Contra
Coeta "Water Company and the Oakland
"Water Company were bitter rivals for
patronage, in the struggle for which re
course was had to the most dangerous ex
pedients. Agents of both concerns fought
¦with one another. Valuable property was
destroyed, reputations were ruined and
Councils were bribed. For a while the
people of Oakland enjoyed the benefits in
reduced water rates resulting from this
remarkable competition.
Then the climax came In a compromise
between the two fighting companies. The
Contra Co6ta Water Company absorbed
the Oakland Water Company, and the
combination controlled the situation. Al
vinza Hayward, B. J. Rose and William
J. Dingee eecurea possession of the bulk
cf the Btock, and naturally the ownership
of the valuable property fell into their
b&nds. Hayward, as a matter of course
Is the financial head and supporter of the
combination. After the combination was
formed It was seen that the books of the
concern might make interesting and ex
tremely dansrerous reading If by any
chance they fell into the hands of Inquisi
tive people. While the records were val
uable, they were not worth enough to
keep, and it Is said that one day a pil-
Books Which Would Have Shed Light on the Capitalization of^ the
Corporation Have Been Destroyed— Judge Hart Prohibited
From Acting by the Supreme Court;
OAKLAND'S STRUGGLE AGAINST THE WATER MONOPOLY
NOW BEING CONDUCTED VIGOROUSLY IN THE COURTS
BECOMES OF VITAL MOMENT TO CITIES OF THE STATE
THE SAN FRAXCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20, 190CK
Policeman McHugh's Assailants.
Harrison Porter, a young tough and ex
convict, was yesterday held, to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Mo
gan on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. In $500 bonds. He struck Police
man Michael McHugh with a shovel on
June 3 in a barn at Twelfth and Harrison
streets, cutting ¦ open his scalp. C nar ' e9
Ryder, charged; with a similar offense, will
not know Ms fate until to-morrow,
": Coal , oil : Is 1 a favorite * beverage '. of . the
mischief : maker. ,- "When : last : seen he j. was
pouring . a - f ew.:pints 1 of i this inflammable
material Into his •, stomach to . stifle '. the
Klnyoun . germs, ": some' of the neighbors
say. .' i^Bwis*M(Pin>ttnBnVi<SBBB0>Vn3JS)WRI
- Several •: theories .are advanced i by-. the
.Yesterday by^ some 'means "de" monk",
obtained ; entrance r. into . a - young .man's
room,': ate '. up : of • his ; best
ffirl, poured a bottle, of red \ ink" over, ; the
bed and tore holes In 'a pair of new" trou
sers.' -¦ ¦--¦'¦?. ¦ ¦ ¦¦"' ¦ \ ¦-¦'.- - ¦ "~ ¦'- '
The lodgers in the hotel have' been hav
ing ; aJ fine time trying to catch" this elus
ive 'suspect r of [ the Klnyoun ~ ranch, . and
they find him as '! difficult ; of apprehension
as a live, plague ; subject in 1 . Chinatown.
residents in the district, all concerning the
ownership of the link' that, wasn't missed.
The -¦ Angel :r. Island theory is - the „ most
favored, for the monkey ; behaves in such
an . outrageous fashion as to suggest a
passing habitation in that green spot. But
there > aro others ;•• who - declare that this
monkey ¦ Is not i unsound ' of ; mind - by rea
son : of iinnoculatlon. 'They 'are of the be
lief - that he Is • another - '.'Rue Morgue"
prowler and expect every, day to hear of
some fantastic triple murder. Just to keep
tne hand of the police department at work
on 3 clews, • for . this .monkey ; is a "regular
Joker. V. ; The •* wise i scout .this , fantasy,
however, and go back to first causes.' 'rney
are".willinsr to • bet *¦ last j month's : salaries
that-he is'onejof Kinyoun's own innocu
lated. He ¦ displays - such > life and activ-
THE Harmony : Hotel, 1 , 735 ; Brannan
street. Is out of, tune, off • pitch ; and
In an atmosphere * of X general dis- ¦
cord. Cause, a ' lone) >. monkey : that
has escaped from, somewhere,'; presumably
the Quarantine ; station ; at : Angel ¦;' Island,
where Dr.'Klnyoun drew long^breaths'of
the plague pipe ! and worked ; misery upon
Simian sifts to science. ~
All of Brannan street between Sixth and
Seventh is In ; an -uproar over the : pranks
of this playful ' monkey, I which ' appears . In
the windows of the hotel,',, winks the other
eye at all; the girls on" the : block and ! ; sud-.
denly ; disappears Si or * an^ hour J or .. more,'
only -to exhibit himself , again," screeching
and gibbering at * everything • he • sees. '
It used to be said 'of life Insurance that
"you had to die to win," but recent years
have changed this, and the newer forms
of policies combine Investment with Ufa
Insurance. As announced in another col
umn, the Equitable Life Assurance Soci
ety has just settled the . largest endow
ment ever paid. This endowment was on
the life • of - a gentleman lnr Toronto who
was evidently - a *bellever In endowment
insurance, as he took out J400.000 worth in
various companies. His policy for $100,000
in the Equitable at its maturity was
worth $150,847, which, as before said. Is the
largest payment ever made to a living pol
icy holder, and makes a strong argument
in favor of tho form of insurance which
makes provision for old age as well as
giving protection !to the family.
Beating the Record.
Captain Merrill Miller, commandant of
the Mare Island. Navy Yard, accompanied
by a party composed of naval officers ana
their f f\mllles> came down from the island
ve«terday on the yard tug Lnadilla and
spent the day on Mour.t'Tamalpais. The
ride to the summit on the "crookedest
railroad in the world" was enjoyed by all,
and the lunch served on the mountain top
was afitting climax to a most enjoyable
day.
Naval Officers Have an Outing.
A portion, of North Beach bubbled with
excitement laat night. A determined man
behind a large revolver held the situation
at the corner of Powell and Filbert streets
and took his horse away from a howling
mob that wished to hold It for ransom.
A fire which partially destroyed a flsh
drying establishment on Chestnut street
occured about 8 o'clock in the evening. In
the building was a horse belonging to An
tono Trapioni, a fisherman. While the
fire was In progress two men rescued the
animal and led it to a safe place. When
Its owner appeared he was told that it
cost something to save horses" from the
"flames, and that if he wished to reclaim
hi3 animal he must pay a certain amount
of money. Trapioni had a large sum in
gold in his pocket but no silver, and he
was afraid to display the yellow metal In
front of the mob. He tried to argue with
the rescuers of the horse and get them to
release it on condition that he would pay
them the next day. This they refused to
do and started to lead the Quadruped
HW3V
Trapioni fought with the men as they
passed along Powell street, but they
would not relent and most of the mob
that followed seemed to take their side of
the argument. Finally the owner, of the
horse slipped into a relative's house and
secured a large revolver. He came out
and charged on the crowd. In an instant
the mob scattered, but the men who had
saved the horse's life • stayed with their
prize. "When the pistol was poked under
their noses they concluded to accept ths
owner's demand. Several times the crowd
attempted to retake the horse and each
time Trapioni charged on it with the plstoL
Dr. T. W. B. Leland. autopsy surgeon at
the Morgue, arrived at this Juncture ani
after a little persuasion got possession of
the pistol and adjusted the difficulty.
The men who rescued the horsa escaped
and the police were unable to obtain their
names. . . * , .>': .-_
Incident Which Attended a Small
Small Blaze Corner Chestnut and
J. Powell Streets and Fur
nished Excitement.
Trapioni's Horse, Saved
From Fire, Was Held by
Rescuers for Ransom.
CHARGED ON A
CROWD WITH A
BIG REVOLVER
and - $1,500,000 ' In stock and $1,000,000 • In
bonds of that concern entered into the
capitalization. _
When the deal was made the Contra
Costa Water Company had issued $4,aOO. •
000 in stock and $2,000,000 in its own bonds,
which made an aggregate of $7,500,000.
Immediately after this $300,000 more in
stock was issued to pay oft floating debts,
including, it was said, advances made
by Messrs. Dingee, Whittler, Prescott
and Goodall. Over the expenditure of
this money, it will be remembered, a
great scandal was raised. Money was
used as water in the City Councils. Mem
bers of those honorable bodies were
chased through the streets by hooting,
angry mobs. One of the directors, Whit
tier, claimed interest on the money
which he claimed he had used, and, it
will be remembered, he obtained what he
demanded. ', A
While peand;ff has been the companion
of both the companies, all has not yet
been told of their affairs. It is an open
secret that the value of the Haj'ward
company, for which the Contra Costa
Water Company paid $2,500,000, is not more
than $1 ,000,00ft.- It would be interesting,
therefore, to see the books, which the
people of Oakland have, demanded and
which cannot be produced because they
have been destroyed. Experts are author
ity for the assertion that the property of
the. Contra Costa Water Company could
be reproduced for $2,500,000. This it is very
evident makes the value of the combined
properties $3,500,000. Instead of $?,000.000,
which the plaintiff corporation is claiming
before the duty-stricken Hart.
And even in this aggregate there is a
large item that represents an unnecessary
oxper.se for which the people of Oakland
should not be compelled., to pay. Owing
to' the existence of -two rival* companies
the city is double-piped, a condition which
Ss now not needed. This double piping rep
resents an item of $500,000, which in justice
should be deducted from the total. This
means that the legitimate capitalization
of the Contra Costa Water Company
should be $3,000.(00 instead of $S,000.000.
The people of Oakland know this and
they insist that an impartial court shall
determine whether or not a quasi-public
corporation shall grossly impose upon
them. And in their struggle every mu
nicipality in the State Is vitally Interested.
16
PRANKS OF A MONKEY EH THE HARMONY HOTEL ON * BRANNAN STREET.
Stove <£ Company
Will Close Their Store
3 P. M. on Saturdays
and other business days
At 5 P. M.,
June 30th to September ist
Market and Post Streets,
III. 113. IIS. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
NO PLATES
/jpijjgj, REQUIRED jP^y
¦ Oar removable bridge work is beautiful and
durable. Warranted 10 year*.
>Jj^k^ Our $5 00 Places
>gKj^£^S«. fit liKe a glove.
tW^^f t^<'2^3^ Our inethod for
§SL^Z^ ! £^*^Z&&i paloless extracting
&?&&&*&&*&}$ uszd bV no other
VjuI lUL^*^^ deotlst oo t^e Pa-
PRICE LIST for 20 Days:
Painless Extraction «.?5??
Removable Brtd K ewcrk ioAiiV«"S'JK
Crowns $2.0O to *•}•><»
Pure Oold Filling • 1 '25*
Amalgam — -"22
Gold and Platina #1.00
Silver Filling OOo
Mrs. Dr. R. 1* Walsh wUl attend to taa
thlldren's teeth— painlessly.
DR. Fl. 1— \A//\I-SH.
815«i OEART ST.. between Hyde and Larkla.
Office Honi-s — 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays,
» to li Telephone Polk 11M.
You ought to see
How Many
Beautiful Premiums
We Give
With Teas,' •
Ui-j ; with Coffees,
$?2£rT "WUH Spices*.
{r. ; u. ; v> -with Extracts.
' :'¦¦ With Soda,
with natinc powder.
Great America, tartlig Tea Ci
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
tlO-Ii: Grant Ava. (Bet. Suttsr aad Po*tX
SSI Market St. (Oppw PowaU>.
140 Blxtn St.
156 Hares St. ' ,~, \ til T&trd St.
1419 Polk St. BH Montroxnery An
Hie MUlion 8t ; TC5 Larkla St. *-
I0C6 Sixteenth St. U19 Dertsadaio St.
14* Ninth St. 475 Batxbt St.
1008 Ftllmon St. StSS MUaloa St.
tZ Market St. tm »ta St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1C51 Washington St. M« E. 1«» 8U
4- Room Furniture
FOR $98*
BEDROOM— Bedroom set. 7 pieces, hardwood;
1 sood Wire Spring. 1 good Top Mattress, I
Pair- Pillows. ,
PARLOR— 5 pieces Oak or Mahogany Uphol-
DINtNG-ROOM— 1 Hardwood Extension Table.
6 Oalr Chairs.
KITCHEN— 1 Patent Table, 1 No. 7 Btove* I
Chairs.
No extra chanre on credit.
— MAKE YOUR OWN TERMS. —
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO-
1310-1312 Stockton St. Near Broadway,
Open Evenings.
Oppression, Suffocation, Renralgia, etc., cored by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris. J. E8P10 ; H«w Turk, S. FOCGSaA * CO
£OU> BT ALL. DRUGGISTS.
DDTTOIJi7Q FOR BABBER3 » baz-
1511 UofUjOf boo i?, I 1 ? c JS- , "if, 0 *-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers. cann*ra.
flyers. flourmlUa. • foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, tboe factoring, »u.
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailor*, eta.
BUCUANAtH BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento Si
We Invite an earlu lnsrec:ion of afcove COLORED AND
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
We will also have on sale this week a large Importation
of GENUINE BLACK ENGLISH SILK MOHAIR AND
WOOL MOHAIR BLACK CREPONS at $1.00, $1.25
and SI. 50 per yard, Former prices were $1,75,
$2.00 and $2.50 per uard.
— OF—
HIGH ART
FRENCH NOVELTY
.-CONSISTING OB 1 — " t :.
Brocaded Silk Bareges, Silk and Wool
Noveities and Silk aad Wool
Novelty Crepons.
These goods we purchase! from a French manufac-
turer. Theu are all this season's goods, latest stales
and colors, and will he sold hu us LESS THAN HALF
THE PRICE OF IMPORTATION. , .
A "D VTTRTISEMENTS.