PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JUNE 21, 1900,
The President passed a quiet but some
what anxious day, for he was not advised
until late In the afternoon that the man
agers had concluded to defer the nomi
nation until to-morrow. Up to that point
he was kept fully informed, by his trusted
friends and supporters. Although he has
no anxiety as to the results, yet he would
have felt better to be relieved of the men
tal strain which naturally accompanies
postponements and delays. With the ad
ditional telegraphic and: telephonic equip
ment in the executive mansion he has
every facility for obtaining the news al
mostMnstantaneously from the conyen-'
tion. ' : . ' . .- ,
•In the early part of the day. the Presl-f
dent was occupied in consultation . .with
Secretary. Hay, Secretary. Root and Rear
Admiral .Crowninshield over/ the Chinese
situation.; About ; liyich . time Secretary
Wilson; 1 , who has .just returned from a
trip to LKansas ; in connection with : the
'Agricultural Department called and spent
an hour with his chief. Together they
read ' numerous but ' rather uninteresting
bulletins frpm the convention, which con-"
tinued to pour in from' various -sources. 1
Secretary Wilson gave ,the , President as-;
surances that the sentiment ; in the West
was '. most gratlfyingito : Republican . pros-,
pec ts and j remarked that \ Iowa - would roll
up "the" largest majority, in its "history for.
the Republican ticket, regardless : of .'the
man selected' 'for 'second, place on the
ticket. ;..'." >v _ ; -,; ,-. /..> _ • r "2ji»t$ijiilS32|
When it 'was ascertained that the con-
vention had adjourned without proceeding
with the nominations, the President and
Mrs.- McKinley went out for a drive after
having called oft. the. preparations for. the
reception of the Canton delegation.
, Neither, the President: nor any of the
members of his Cabinet would discuss to
night the significance of the action of the
convention to-day. They now regard
Roosevelt's nomination for Vice President
as Inevitable. , •,-¦-¦ - '' t
SENTIMENT OF
THE DELEGATES
Vice Presidency Resolves It
self. In t'9 a One- Man
' Affair -
¦ PHILADELPHIA, June 20.— A canvass
of the different State delegations regard-
Ing the situation indicates that there is no
man who can compete, with Roosevelt for
the nomination." He' is the first choice of
nearly every delegation, and as Dolliver,
the; strongest candidate after Roosevelt,
has said that he will not allow his name
to 5 go before , the convention- as a. candi
date? provided • Roosevelt- will; accept the
place," I v is practically a : one- man affalf; :
Eliminating from the question,
the: canvass, shows that' the only candi
dates • are > Dolliver, Lone and Woodruff.
although the latter has few promises of
support outside of. his own delegation.
A number of , the Colorado delegates
called upon the. Massachusetts delegation
to-night and proposed that If the Massa
chusetts delegates would propose the
amendment to the rules suggested by
Senator Quay they would support Secre
tary Long for the Vice Presidential nom
ination. 'The offer was declined. A dele
gate from Colorado, however, said to
night that if Roosevelt's name were
placed before the delegates to-morrow for
Vice President the delegation would sup
port him. | Roosevelt, he said, was very
strong throughoufthe coal counties, arid,"
In fact. -the whole State, and would poll
10,000 more votes for the national and
State I ticket than any other Vice' Presi
dential candidate now in the field.
The Oklahoma delegation is a unit on
the ."Olce Presidency. If. however, Roose
velt's name dees not come up the delega
tion, will be divided between Dolliver and-
Woodruff. The delegates say they will be
guided by what Kansas does.
The fight In the Texas ! delegation for
commltteeman* was settled this evening
by, the election of R. B. Hawley of Gal
veston. E. H. R. Green will be a candi
date ¦ for re-election Jo the chairmanship
of ' the Republican State Executive Com
mttteeJ- TheTexans will support Roose
velt for Vice President,* but- if he is not
placed before the convention the delega
tion, so some ol ' the delegates say. will
divide its support between the Massachu
setts' and Iowa candidates. 2
Delegate Tyler Worden of Montana said
to-night that his State was for a Western
man, Tripp preferred, if Roosevelt did not
run. When told that Tripp would decline
in all probability he aaid they would go
for Dolliver. If New Tork would agree,
on some other man than Woodruff they
would support him as a matter of expedi
ency, but they would not accept the can
didacy of Mr. Woodruff.
"We are solid for Roosevelt," Bald
Chairman Burton of the Kansas delega
tion. "He will be nominated, he will ac
cept and he will be the next Vice Presi
dent of this country. We told him yester
day that we thought he should make the
race and naturally after that we could da
nothing else but vote for htm."
Although Chairman Burton was confi
dent that the delegation would vote for
Roosevelt, several members announced
that they preferred Dolliver, but that they
would give up their preference if Roose
velt would run. The Indorsement of Wood
ruff cut no figure with this delegation,
and theyjsald th,ey would not accept him
under any circumstances.
German Papers Comment.
BERLIX. June 20.— The National
Zeltung. commenting upor» the proceed
ings of the Republican National Conven
tion at Philadelphia, refers to Mr. Wol
cott's expression of sympathy for the
Boers In his speech at the opening of the
convention as "singular, after the Repub
lican administration had refused Amer
ican support to the Boers." It adds:
"Presumably this was a political man
euver designed to take the wind out of tn<»
sails of the Democratic party."
; Dr. Pardee, Judge Van Fleet' and Kdgar
Pcixotto each made remarks. After the
reception at the Harr!son Club Sheriff
Crow invited all the ladles of the delega
tion to supper at the Bellevue Hotel.
WHITE HOUSE
PLANSsUPSET
Jollification Postponed Be-
cause of the Delay in
Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ; •
" WASHINGTON, June 20.— The action of
the Philadelphia- convention to-day in
| postponing the nomination
upset the plans which had been arranged
for the delegation of President McKin
ley's neighbors from Canton to have a
little neighborly rejoicing at the White
House. . It was supposed that President
McKinley would be . renominated ' to-day
and a Canton party, headed by Mr. Bar
ber, brother of Mrs. McKinley, now In
: Philadelphia, would, as soon as the action
of ; the convention was announced* take a
special train and hasten to Washington,
and thus bo among the first to tender per
sonal congratulations to their distin
guished friend and neighbor. A reception
was arranged to take place. in the White
House at . S , o'clock, and a band of I music
and light refreshments were to form part
of u the .programme. The reception has
¦been postponed until to-morrow, when th«*
original programme will ¦ be carried ¦ out.
DOINGS OF THE
CALIFORNIANS
Roosevelt Expresses to Them
a Desire to Visit San .
Francisco.
Ej>eclal IMrpatrh to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, HOTEL
WALTON. PHILADELPHIA. June »>.—
Early this morning. Just as the Califor
nians were assembling, the delegation
from Massachusetts cailed In a body. The
Bay State delegates were received cor
dially. Michael J. Murray of Co.iton made
an excellent speech, eulogizing California
and Californians, and then went into an
advocacy of the candidacy of Secretary
cf ihe Navy John Ij. Long. Dr. Pardee
made n happy response and Fa:d that if
Secretary Long should receive the nom
ination it would certainly 1^0 an excellent
selection., Ayer a fow more pleasantries
the gentlemen departed. -
H. G. Kond cf San Jose, delegate from
the Fifth, was suggested by California
for honorary vice chairman of the" con
vention, each State baring such a selec
tion. "
Tlic COrf^V.on hnd previously provided
a eolid gold badge similar in design to
tho one worn by the California delegates.
It was decided .to aj>r>o;at a committee of
zlx to proceed to "Washington after the
convention to present this gold badge to
President McKinley. Those appointed on
She committee are Rov.ell, Grant, Par-
dee. Powers, Wilson and Arnold. M. A.
Gunst was appointed, but on account of
his engagement In New York could not
accept. ,
The delegation went out to the conven
tion hall and remained through the ses
sion. The evening was spent In return-
Ing social visits. A large number of del
egates went first to the West Virginia
headquarters. C S. Grant was the center
of attraction by reason of his remarkable
resemblance to his illustrious father. The
Callfcrnlans returned the call of the Mas.
sachuBetts delegation. Dr. Pardee and
Dr. Rowell made happy speeches. Ohio
was next visited and then the delegation
called on Governor Roosevelt. The Gov
ernor was cordial In his greeting and ex
pressed a hearty desire to visit San Fran
cisco and hoped he would be assigned to
make a few speeches on the Pacific Coast
this campaign.
The delegation then proceeded to the
Harrison Club. This Is known In Phila
delphia as- Sheriff Crow's club. The Sher
iff has been most kind and a great recep
tion was in store for the delegation. A
sumptuous spread, a flow of champagne
and a. vaudeville show followed. •
The Kentucky delegation also was on
hand; led by Governor Taylor. The Gov
ernor made a speech and was followed by
United States Senator de Boe, Judge Den
ny. General ' Collier and ex-Congressman
Davis. When Judge Denny's name was
called the enthusiasm was great and on
Inquiry by some innocent Californians
as to the cause a Kcntucklan. replied: '»¦,
"He has killed five men, but was Justi
fied in each instance."^' .- >
would create great enthusiasm.* £
Plans 'for" the 'Nomination. "
" There was a conference in Senator
Hanna's room to-night in which many
close friends of ahe administration took
part. It was understood that Roosevelt
was to* be nominated.^and It '.was 'only a
question. of how, it" was to be. done, wheth-
PHILADELPHIA,- June.\20.-Senafdr
'Hanna's announcement in favor *of
Roosevelt to-nigtat was made after
a long consultation with many lead
ers of the partyi He called all ..the
newspapermen into, erne of : the ' rooms,
where- the consultations had taken place
and read Mt from manuscript. •
Just before the statement was given out
Chairman Odell of New York spent a few
minutes in the room, and when he came
out said:' . . •
"The whole matter got Into a snarl arid
was left to' Senator Hanna to arbitrate
and v his decision, is that the Vice Presi
dency should go to New York and Roose
velt will be nominated."'
The programme Is to have Iowa with
draw Dolliver and nominate Roosevelt.
Massachusetts , will withdraw Long and
second the nomination. Probably other
States with candidates will foliow suit.
This will enable the convention to finish
Its business and adjourn to-morrow.
Lafayette Young, who has been cham
pioning the candidacy of Representative
Dolliver, said that no other name than
that of Roosevelt would be presented.
"I understand that Mr. Hanna will pre
sent Governor Roosevelt," he said, "and
if that be true, it Is useless to name any
other man, ap,d Roosevelt will-be npmin
ated by ;acclamation:'_' ,' ;.. .. . *.;. £¦}
In connection' with the position of Mr.
Dolliver, it Is probable that he will^sit as
a delegate, fit the "schYnie* goes through,
when the roll Is 'called' for the nomination
of- Vice . President.. Alabama,, the first
£tate. will yield- to Iowa,- and- Dolliver- will
nominate Roosevelt. This, it is believed,
Governor Roosevelt for Vice President b>
acclamation. Mr. Dolliver authorized the
following- statement:
"My candidacy has been wholly unso
licited. . I; have not up to this moment
spoken • one , word seeking the nomination
to even a- member of my own delegation.
To-night. Mr. Long, Mr. Scott and myself
placed our candidates in Mr. Hanna's
hands • to dispose . of as he saw " fit. It
¦was agreed that our names would not be
presented to the convention, and upon my
request Lafe Young of my State will place
Mr. Roosevelt's name In nomination In
behalf of the nation. I believe that the
name of Governor Roosevelt on the ticket
will give it greater strength and enthu
siasm than the name of any other man la
America,"
Contrary to expectations. Governor
Roosevelt appeared at his headquarters*
about 9 o'clock and the first thins he did
was to absolutely deny the story that Mr.
Platt had thn-atened him with defeat as
a Gubernatorial candidate if he refused
the Vice Presidential nomination.
' "The story Is an unqualified falsehood,
without the shadow of foundation," ho
said. VV' t
He had not been in his room long before
delegations from California and Maryland
called to assure him of support, and he
did not express to them any sorrow over
the result. Later a delegation from Iowa
called and announced that they had with
drawn their candidate. Mr. Dolliver. and
would vote for Mr. Roosevelt. Massachu
setts called "to say that Senator Lodge de-;
sired to see the Governor, and he left the
rooms and did not return again. He de
clined before leaving to make any state-,
ment.
again.
So well convinced was he of the irresistible demand for Roosevelt for Vice President that
he yielded to the advice of his friends and returned to New York this afternoon. Never did a
great politician accomplish a difficult task under greater disadvantages. Senator Platt has been
the quietest figure and one of the most influential in the convention. He has proven himself an
adroit politician. Suffering constantly the most intense pain from his broken rib and almost help
less from fatigue, he has kept in touch with the situation for five days. He has abused no one
and he has kept his temper throughout with the exception of last night, when he is reported to
have told Roosevelt that he would oppose him for Governor and Roosevelt in reply defied him.
The Governor, however, has been forced to abandon his position on the Vice Presidency by
the earnest demand that he should go on the ticket which pervades the entire convention and
comes with the greatest vigor from the West.
Roosevelt in the convention wore his Rough. Rider hat, and he looked an almost burly fig
ure in contrast with the close-knitted, clean-limbed boy who wore a straw hat in the convention
of 1884 and stood on a chair every time he made a motion or speech in the fight between'Blaine,-
Arthur and Edmunds. He was appointed one of the committee to escort Senator Lodge, the per
manent chairman, to the stage and the audience and delegates again had an opportunity to let
loose their yells and cheers. Again when he rose to leave the convention hall he got another cor
dial greeting. . : > .
The Californians who wouldihave supported the administration have now concluded to yotef
for Roosevelt. : Vi
er by acclamation or In the regular order.
They were waiting to hear .'from Secre
tary Long, whose consent to his ¦with
drawal was wanted by the Massachusetts
men before they accepted the programme.
i Immediately following Mr. Hanna's an
nouncement of the withdrawal Of all the
other candidates and the nomination of
¦ Aeelamatipb, and All Other (Candidates Withdraw From
SENATOR HANN A'S STATEMENT.
- ' •¦ : ¦' — : *. ¦ .'¦•¦•'.•¦
"T^HILADELPHIA, June 20.— Senator Hanna. "to-night 'issued
r"^ thisf statement: ¦ , " •;..';, "' '..-.' - '.'•.'-".."'
"The administration has had no candidate for Vice Presi
dent. It has not be*n for or against any .candidate. It has deemed
that, the convention should make- the candidate and that has been
my position. throughout. It has been a free field for all. In these
circumstances several eminent Republicans have be«n proposed— all
of them distinguished men with'many friends. "
"I will now say that on behalf of all those candidates — and I
except 'none— that I have, within .the* last twelve hours, been
asked^to give my advice. After consulting with as many delegates
as possible in the time within my disposal I have concluded to ac
cept the responsibility involved In this request. In the present sit
uation, with the strong and earnest sentiment of the delegates from
all parts of the country for Roosevelt, and since President McKinley
is to be renominated without a dissenting voice, it is my judgment
that Governor Roosevelt should' be nominated for Vice President
•with the same unanimity." .'. .._.... .
SENATOR HANNA GIVES UP THE FIGHT AGAINST
THE NOMINATION OF COLONEL ROOSEVELT
President McKinley; Receiving the News\in the War Room at the White House.
• ¦- , .; '.,!::;-• V2 '.'-• ': From a Photograph:! ' : . ';; ' •:> -" ¦ \ ¦ ' ¦. .._¦ .
CALL HEADQUARTERS, HOTEL WALTON, PHILADELPHIA, June 20.— McKinley and Roosevelt
will be the ticket. Both nominations will be made by acclamation. The rush to Roosevelt
to-day has been followed by the withdrawal of Long, Dolliver,. Washburn and Woodruff.
Beneath the smiling party skies Hanna and Platt smoked the pipe of peace. A real Roose
velt sunburst ushered in the dawn. The Schuylkill and Delaware rippled in the snapping Roose
velt breeze. The great convention hall rocked and trembled, not once but three times, to hearty
Roosevelt cheers, and to-night everybody professes his ability to read Roosevelt's nomination on
the morrow in the stars.
Governor Roosevelt will evidently be nominated in spite of himself and in spite of the admin
istration. He will have the nomination exactly as he desired it and just as he has had nearly every
political gift since he entered political life as a petted darling of. mugwumpery many years ago.
He did not want the nomination to come to him with New York taking the official initiative. This
is a matter the delegates outside of New York have been unable thoroughly to understand. They
could not appreciate why Governor Roosevelt should object to Plait's indorsement of him for : the
Vice Presidency and at the same time bertoiling with might- and main to get Hannahs indorse
ment, nor can they understand now why the measure of his caprice should be considered filled
by the "fake" indorsement. of Woodruff, which ill conceals the energy of the New Yorkfers in urg
ing delegates from other States to make Roosevelt the candidate. ;
But the Governor has carried his point and if he is nominated to-morrow it will be ap
parent that he has enough votes to put him on the ticket even though the New YorR and Penn
sylvania delegations should vote for some other candidate.
Senator Platt, too, has also won his point. He has cherished for many months a desire to
nominate the Governor for Vice President. He has said to everybody, including the Governor, that
the national ticket needed the strongest man for Vice President on it and that Roosevelt was the
man. He also said many times that he doubted whether Roosevelt could be elected Governor
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Senator Platt Wins His Fight for the Rough Rider
and Smokes the Pipe of Peace With Hanna,
So the Republican Standard-Bearers Will Both
. Be Chosen by Acclamation.
Being Unable to Stem the Tide of the De
mand of Delegates, the Popular Gov
ernor of New York Will Be Chosen at
the Philadelphia Convention To-Day
to Take Second Place on the Ticket
Headed by McKinley.
ROOSEVELT TO BE NOMINATED
FOR THE VICE PRESIDENCY
VOLUME L.XXXVIII— NO. 21.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.NATIONAL FREMONT
ASSOCIATION.
REPUBLICAN PARTT.
Organized February 22, 1S56, at
Plttsburg. Pa.
When ' the storm of applause ' had . sub
sided the delegation read a resolution de
claring their unwavering allegiance to the
party they had helped to brlrrg forth.- The
resolutions regretted the inability of many
of the members; of' the National' Fremont
Association to be present because of ad
vanced age and designated Major • H. • R.
Long and J. K. Connor to represent them.
The resolution- concluded with- the declar
ation that "w« heartily endorse the,ad
ministration of Hon. William McKinley,
which gives us such unbounded prosper
ity." ,
Credentials Committee Reports.
CThls incident over,' the chairman , recog
nized Representative Payne of New York,
chairman of the Committee ¦ on ", Creden
tials,, who mounted the platform and read
the report of the. committee, as follows:
•.Your - committee reports action ; in ; the cases
before ! it with' its recommendation as : follows:
As to the contests in -the Fourth and Seventh
districts of Alabama, the Fourth' and Eighth
districts of Georgia, the delegates at large • in
the First, . Second, ; Third and Fourth; districts
cf Louisiana, tbe delegates at large la the Sixth-
the committee on permanent organiza
tion, then presented, the committee's re
port, which also was put through with a
whirl.
"TKe chair announces as a committee
to escort Senator Henry Cabot Lodge to
the chair," announced Mr. Wolcott,."Gov
ernor Shaw of Iowa and Governor Theo
dore- Roosevelt '., of New VT/ork." '
A cheer went up, strong and long con
tinued,, as this group of names' fell from
the cuairman's lips. Apparently Gover
nor, Roosevelt had not expected to be
thus designated and his face showed signs
of annoyance. With Governor Shaw he
stcppcU to Senator, Lodge's seat and with
the permanent chairman between them
they marched up to the platform. The
cheers . echoed continuously until Mr.
i^odge, after greeting Mr. Wolcott, turned
to the audience > and >, began his address.
tie spoke as follows:
SENATOR LODGE'S : SPEECH.
One . of the greatest honors that can ' fall to
any American in public , life . is • to ¦ be called
to preside' over . a Republican national conven
tion. How great the honor is you know., but
cannot realize, nor can I'express the gratitude
which " I ' feel to ; you . for having conferred ' it
upon me. " I : can only say to you, in the sim
plest phrase, that I thank you from tho bottom
of i my. heart. "Beggar that I am, I am even
poor in thanks,- and yet I thank you."
- W*e meet afrain to nominate the next Presi
dent ¦ of ¦ the : United States. Four years have
passed since we nominated the soldier and
statesman who' Is " now j President, and who is
soon to enter upon his second term. Since the
Civil ' War no Presidential term has been so
crowded with great events as .that whicn is
now | drawing,; to a close. They have been four
memorable yeare. To Republicans they show
a record of promises kept; of work done, of/un
foreseen questions . met and answered. •¦ To the
Democrats they .have been generous In the ex
hibition of unf uiniled predictions, in the ruin of
their hopes of calamity and in futile opposition
to ; the ; forces of t.he times aa<J th» aspirations
• ¦¦¦¦•¦ ¦ •-•-I
and Ninth districts of Tennessee, the delegates
at large in the First, Fifth, Seventh and
Ninth districts of Texas, the second Virginia
and the DUtrlct of Columbia, the action of the-
National Committee In -the matter of making
a temporary roll, as recommended shall be the
action of the convention.
. Action was also taken in the following cases
and your committee recommends that. the per
manent roll shail.be as follows:
" Alabama:' At Jtrge delegates— B.W. Walter,
C.'-W. Buckley. Alternates— Nathan Alexander,
G. -\V. Lovejoy. .. : . '."¦"
Third District: Delegates— W. W. Mllllken.
MoseaM. Gordon. Alternates— S. M.' Murphy.
Aaron T. Timothy. ,
Fifth District: Delegates-jr. T. Davis, Hugh
A. Carson. Alternates— I*' "W. Whittaker, • J.
W. Perry. . .
Delaware : At , large— J. E. Addicks, B. W.
Clerk, James -Frank Alee, C. R. Layton, H. M,
Burton, A.' B. 'Connors. Alternates— Webster
Blakeley, • Thomas E. Postles, D. S. Clark,
Newell Hall, C. W.' Davis, Theodore Thom
son. ;¦ : • .:". ', .'.
Fifth District/ Louisiana: Delegates— W. W.
Johnson. John W.\ Ccoke.' Alternates — George
W. Stewart, J. B. Robinson.
Fourth District, 'TeTas: Delegates-^. A.
Dlackwell. H. . O. Gor^. Alternates— B." C.
Browning, H. XV. Walker. • .-
Sixth District, Texas: Delegates— Eugene
Marshall.*- W.' B. King. Alternates— George W.
McCormlck, George A. Lanier.
The; friends of ' J. E. '; Addicks of Dela
ware were in • evidence -when ¦ Mr. : Payne
read of the victory of Addicks' over.the
Dupont faction in that State. The report
read. Mr. Payne demanded the previous
question.: Senator Sewell; on behalf of
New ; Jersey,-, and 1 Mr. -- Martin; . on" behalf
of Indiana, seconded the, demand, wh.ch
was ordered. No one demanded the floor
to debate the 'report and lit was. put
through- with a- whirl. _ The- convention,'
which evidently -felt relieved at this quick
disposition > of. • the contests, signified its
approval with applause, ¦ . . • . . - /
General Groavenor of Ohio, .chairman of
guests, and a deafening • salute went up
for the faded standard aftd its venerable
upholders. The fifteen white haired men
rrr«ss5 themselves side by side, looking
out on tfe sea of faces. Alongside the
flag another standard bore the legend:
•Senator Fairbanks Reading the Platform to the]
Convention. <
stage to-day contained flaming bunches
of crimson ramblers, arid the chairman's
desk had a fresh bouquet of roses and
mignonettes. The long- session ahead,
witti perhaps a tedious, protracted con
test over the report of the committee on
credentials, heia no terrors for the as»
Eembling thousands. The delightfully
cool and bracing weather was an assur
ance against discomfort.
Shortly after 11 o'clock the big munici
pal band of Philadelphia took its place in
the galleries opposite to the stage ajid a
few minutes later the strains of one of
Sousa's stirring marches crashed out. ,
Some members of the National Legisla
tive League of the woman suffragists
were busily engaged while the delegates
were assembling distributing appeals for
a declaration by the convention favorable
to woman suffrage.
As on yesterday, many of the leading
lights of the Republican party came in
without causing a flurry. The first dem
onstration occurred when Senator Hanna
entered. He could hardly make his way
to the platform owing to the pressure of
the delegates to greet him a3 he passed
through the pit.
Senator Foraker, handsome and debon
air, aroused the next outburst. Governor
Foster M. Voorhees of New Jersey, who ar- '
rived this morning from Europe, was
warmly greeted. He was escorted to the
platform by Senator Sewell.
At 12 o'clock, after Senator Hanr.a had
reached the platform, the ushers carried
into the pit the great bunches of red,
white and bine pampas plumes. They
looked like the same plumes which. were
in evidence at St. L>ouis four years ago
and they probably were destined to per
form a similar function In the great Mc-
Kinley demonstration later in the day.
Boosevelt Lion of 'the Hour.
"Our Chauncey"' was not overlooked to
, day, and there was a great flutter of
handkerchiefs from the ladles as he en
tered, but It was again Governor Roose
velt who set the convention wild. Still
wearing his-Rough Rider hat, he appeared
as on yesterday at the main entrance and
Instantly the crowds cheered frantically.
As on yesterday, as he pushed his way
towardhis seat his progress was impeded
by the enthusiastic greeting of the dele
gates. Senator Platt was by his side. The
Governor did not appear so Bternly
auatere as on yesterday. He smiled right
and lpft to the plaudits of the multitude.
While the Rooaevelt demonstration was
in progress the eyes of the mutitude were
| suddenly directed by a strange spectacle
in the center of the stage, as the Chi
nese Minister, Mr. Wu Ting Fang, re
splendent in rich Oriental silks and ac
companied by Mr. Chung, Secretary of
Legation, also richly robrrl in Filks. came
down the middle aisle of the platform.
Minister Wu was greeted at the entrance
by Senator Burrows, who Introduced him
to several distinguished public men crowd
ing about. Ex-Postmaster General- Gary
cf Maryland, a close friend of Mr. Wu,
offered the .Minister his arm, and. the
two proceeded out toward the delegates.
The Minister smiled benignly and ac
knowledged in'Knglish the many.saluta
tions. General Gary seated the Minister
and his entourage Immediately -alongside
the delegates.
' "Not a word from China," said Minis
ter "Wu, when asked -as to the alarming
reports as to Peking. "We are wholly
in the dark except for what the press
brings us, and we hope jvnd sincerely, be
lieve the conditions arc not as bad as
pictured:. I am hefe unofficially as an ob
server to see. how the American people
select their candidates -for the Presi
dency." . ... , '
. Former Governor Taylor of Kentucky
received- a distinct ovation Just asSen
atpr Wolcott was preparing to call, the
convention to order. The groat hall was
cow black with people and the scene was
Inspiring as the eye roamed over ' the
acres of humanity.
At 12:26 Senator. Wolcott rapped for, or
der. Immediately the band started up
the "Star Spangled Banner," and the vast
audience rose en masse. Governor Roose
velt, as on yesterday, being first on his
feet
._>.•; Mr. Boswell'3 Prayer. •
Senator Wolcott again rapped for .order
as the swelling strains floated away.-and
when the confusion had subsided, Rev.
Charles M. Boswell opeped the proceed
ings with prayer. Few of the delegates
arose. While the invocation was ascend
ing a couple of snapshots of the conven
tion were taken.' Rev. Mr. Boswell said:
Our heavenly father, we come to thee as the
creator of men and the upholder of govern
ments. Ojt fathers trusted In thee and 'were
helped and where they led may we gladly and
boldly follow. We thank thee for the land In
which we live, for Its beloved ruler, the,pros
perity of its people and the victories of its
army and navy> May these be abundantly con
tinued. ,
Wo bless thee for having brave and wisa
men in charge of our executive, legislative and
Judicial affairs in trying times. May it always
be so w.th America, •
We praise thee for thes» men who have left
their occupations and homes to transact bus!
rtCfi tor their country by attending this conven
tion. May thy* upecial favor rest upon- them.
Guide them in their deliberations, platform and
candidates, and may these be puch as shall be
approved by the people and may they continue
to ke?D our dear old country, whose flag we
love to-day better than ever before, in the lead
among those respected for righteousness, liberty
and humanity.
Qlve these delegates and their friends a
healthful and pleasant stay ajnong us and pre
serve their loved ones from harm while they
are absent from them.
Specially remember those who are bearing
arms for us in distant lands end hasten - the
day when all wars Khali cease and thine shall
be the honor and glory forever.
Amen. J.
The men who applaud prayers at large
gatherings were present and signalized
their -approval of the divine's invocation
with hand and 'voice
Pioneer Republicans Greeted.
A remarkable tribute to the flag and to
the pioneers of the Republican party now
occurred. -Mr. Wolcott stepped forward
and -stated- that fifteen survivors of the
first Republican -Convention called at
Plttsburg forty-four years agb were pres
ent with the same old flag used at the
convention. *
At that moment a file of white haired
patriarchs appeared from the*rear, bear-
Ing at their head a faded American flag,
tattered jand^barely held together, by a
¦cross staff. As the flag apeared,-, the au
dience - arose. 1 delegates, " spectators : and
of the American people. I wish I could add
that they had been equally Instruct ve toour
opponents, but while it is true 'hat th t Demo
crats, like the Bourbons, learn nothing. It is
onTy too evident that, the familiar comparison
cannot be completed; for they lorget. a great
deal. which it would be well .for t^era to re
mem • r * Cleveland Left Chaos.
• In XS97 We took the Government «>*,•"»*
country frcm the hands of fester* CW**
land. His party had abandoned him and , *ere
Joined to their Idola. of which he was no Jonge r
one. During th* last years of his term we Ma
presented to us the melancholy •P«« ta = le n - O i, v a
President trying to govern y Ith ° u t ***£_•
The result was that his policies were in ruin,
legislation was at a standstill and public affairs
wire in a perilous and incoherent conf 1 " 0 ";
Party responsibilities had vanished, . and wUh
ft ali f posslSmty of Intelligent action demanded
by the country at home and abroad. It was an
interesting but by no means singular display
of Democratic unfltness for the P ra S"cal ™£*
Of government. To the political student it was
instructive; to the country it was extremely
painful; to business disastrous.
We replaced this political chaos with a Presi
dent in thorough accord with his party and the
machinery of government began again to move
smoothly and effectively. Thus we kept at
once our promise of better and more efficient
administration. In four months after the m
auKuratlon of President McKinley we had
passed a tariff bUl. For ten yearn the ; MtUtalal
agitation in behalf. of what was humorously
cf led tariff reform, and of what was really
free trade, had kept business in a foment and
had brought & tre a8ur 5 r , deflcl i' fl P t^ >^ t .nS"
dustrles, depression, panic and finally continu
ous bad times to a degree never before im
agined Would you know the result of our
ffriff legislation, look abo«t you Would you
mpTsure its success, recollect that it is no
£ an SSe. that our opponents, free
traders as they afe, do not dare to make It an
Lsue. that therrfs not a State in the Union
to-day which could be carried for free trade
against protection.
Promise Absolutely Fulfilled.
Never wae a policy more fully 3u »i 1^ b Zj£$
works never was a promise made by any party
more absolutely fulfilled. •
Dominant among the issues of four >••" "K.°
was that rf our monetary and nnaneta sys
tem. Tne Republican party promised to uphoH
our credit, to protect cur currency from reso
lution and to maintain the cold standard. V e
have etne so. We have done ™ re :. In " e ti ? a s v ,«
been be't?r than our promise. Falling to se
cure, ufer honest effort, any encouragement
for inte-.iatic.4i bimetallism we have passe-i
a law Mrengthening the gold standard ai.u
planting it more firmly than ever in our finan
cial ixiUni, improving our banking »¦*«.»»«
tresaiDj our credit and refunding the public
debt at 2 per cent interest, the lowest rate in
the world. It was a great work well done.
The only argument the Democrats can advance
to-day Jn thW own behalf on the money ques
tion is ti-at a Republican Senate. In the event
of Democ-ati^ success, would not permit tlie
repeal of a Republican law. Thia Is a previous
argument looked at with considerate e>va
and quits vorthy of the Intellects **"<*£«>
duced It. Apply it generally. Lpon this theory
because we have defeated the soldiers of Spain
and sunk her ships we can with safety dispense
with tlie army and the navy, which did the
work Take another example: There has been
a lire in a «creat city: it has been checked and
extinguished: therefore let us abolish the fire
department anrt cease to Insure our hopes, uis
trust tn our currency, the dread of change,
the deadly fear of a debased standard, were
raging four years ago and business lay pros
trate before them. Republican supremacy and
Republican legislation have extlngruished^tbe
fires o£ debt and fear, and business has arisen
triumphant from the ashes. Therefore abol
ish your fire department; turn out the Re
publicans and put In power the incendiaries
who lighted the flames, and trust what remains
of Republican control to avert freeh disaster.
The proposition is . its own refutation. The
supremacy of the party that has saved the
standard of sound money and guarded it by
law is as necessary for its security and for
the existence of honest wages and of business
confidence now as it was in 1S96. The moment
the Republican party passes from power and
the party of free sliver and fiat paper comes
in stable currency and the gold standard, the
standard of the civilized world, are in imminent
and deadly peril- Sound currency and a steady
standard of value are to-day eafe only in Re
publican- hands.
"War Crisis Squarely Met.
But there were still other questions in 1S3«.
We had already thwarted the efforts of .the
Cleveland administration to throw the Ha
waiian Islands back to their dethroned Queen
and to give England the foothold for her cables
in the group. We then said that we would
settle finally the Hawaiian question. We have
done so. -The traditional American policy has
been carried out. The flag of the Union floats
to>day over the cross roads of the Pacific. We
promised to deal with the Cuban question.
Again comes the reply, we have done so. Tha
long agrony of the island is over, Cuba is free.
But this great work brought with it events
and issues which no man had foreseen, for
which no party creed had provided a policy.
The crisis came, bringing war in its train. The
Republican President and the Republican party
met the new trial in the old spirit. We fought
the war with Spain. The result is history
known of all men. We have the perspective
now of only a short two years, and yet how
clear and bright the great facts stand out, like
mountain peaks against the sky. while the
gathering: darkness of a just oblivion is creep
ing fast over the low grounds where lie for
gotten the trivial and unimportant things, the
criticisms and the fault-findings which seemed
so huge when we still lingered among them.
Here they are, these great facts: A war of a
hundred days, with many victories and no de
feats, with no prisoners taken from us and
no advance stayed, with a triumphant outcome
startling In its completeness and in its I world
wide meanlnr. Was ever a war more justly
entered upon, more | successfully fousht, more
fully won, more thorough In Its reiults? Cuba
is free. Spain has been driven from the west
ern hemisphere. Fresh glory has come to our
arms and crowned our flag. It was the work of
the American people, but the Republican party
was their Instrument. Have we not the right*
to say that, here too, even as In the days of
Lincoln, we have fought A good fight; we have
kept the faith; we have finished the work?
War, however, is ever like the sword .of
Alexander. It cuts . the knots. It Is & great
solvent and brings many results not to be
foreseen. The world forces unchained In war
perform In hours the work of years of quiet.
Spain sued for peace. How was that peace
to be made? The answer to this great ques
tion had to be given by the President of the
United States. We were vlctorous-ln Cuba
in Porto Rico. In the Philippines.
Could Not Give TJp the Islands.
Should we give those Islands back to Spain?
Never, was the President's reply. Would any
American wish that he had answered other
wise? Should we hand them over to some other
power? Never, was aealn the answer. Would
our pride and self-respect as a nation have sub
mitted to any other reply? Should we turn the
islands, where we had destroyed all existing
sovereignty, loose upon the world to be a prey
to domestic anarchy and the helpless. spoil of
seme other nation? Again the Inevitable nega
ttve. Again the President answered as the na
tion he represented would have him answer. He
boldly took the islands, took them knowing well
the burden and responsibility, took them with
a deep sense of duty to ourselves 4nd others,
grulded by a Just foresight as to our future in
the. East and with an entire faith in the ability
of the American people to grapple with the new
task. When future conventions point to the
deeds by which the Republican party has made
history they will proclaim with special pride
that under a Republican administration the
war of 'S3 was fought and that the peace with
Spain was the work of William McKinley. So
much for the past. We are proud of it, but we
don't expect to live npen it, for the Republican
party is pre-eminently the party of action and
its march is ever forward.
We are not so made that we can be content
to retreat, or to mar. ttme. The traditions of
the early days of ov»? party are sacred to us.
and are hostages given to the American people
that we will not be unworthy or the treat lead
ers who have gone. The deeds of yesterday art
in their turn a pledge and a proof of what we
promise we perform and that the people who
put faith. In our declarations In 1S36 were not
deceived and may slace the same trust in us
in 1900. But our pathway has ne\wr laid among
dead issues, nor have we won our victories and
made history by delving in political graveyards.
We are the part of .to-day, with cheerful yes
terdays and confident to-morrowa. The living
present Is ours, the present prosperity and act
ivity In business, of good waxes and quick pay
ments, of, labor employed and capital invested;
of sunshine in the market place and the stir of
abounding life in the workshop and on the
farm. It is with this that we have replaced the
depression, the doubts, the dull business, the
low wasru, the Idle labor, the frightened capi
tal, the dark clouds which overhung industry
and agriculture in 1SDG. This is what we woul 1
preserve, so far aa sound government and. wise
legislation can do. This is what we brought
to tea country, four. years ago.
New Promises Made.
.This Is what, we offer now. Again we prom
ise that the protective system snail be main
tained and that our great industrial interests
shall go on their way unshaken by the dire fear
of tariff agitation and of changing duties.
Again we declare that we will guard the na
tional credit, uphold a sound currency based
on gold and keep tha wages of the workingman
and the enterprise of the man of business free
from that most deadly ot all evlla— a Suctuai
In? standard of value. The deflcit wau-n marti
this country in a time of profound peace a bor
rower of money to meet ita current expenses
has been replaced by abundant revenue, bring
ing a surplus, due alike to prosperity and to
wise legislation, so ample that we can no\»
safely promise a large reduction of taxation
without imperiling our credit, or risltins * re
sort to loans.
We are prepared to take steps to re%iva ar.d
build u*> our • merchant marine and thus put
into American pockets the money paid for
carrying American freights. Out of the abun
dant resources, which our financial legislation
has brought us, we will build ti» isthmian
canal, and lay the cables which will help to
turn the current of Eastern trade to the Golden
Gate. We are on good terms with all nattcr.o
and mean to reinair- so while we promise to In
sure our peace and safety by maintaining the
Monroe doctrine by ample coast defeyes aci
by building up a navy /¦which no one can cna:
lenge with impunity.
The new problems brought by the war w«
face with confidence in ourselves and a still
deeper confidence in the American peop.c wnr>
will deal Justly and rightly with the islands
which have come into their chaxse. The outcry
against our new possessions U as empty as the
cant about militarism and ••imperialism,' and
is devoid of sense. and meaning. Regard for a
moment those who are loudest in shrieking that
the American people are about to enter upon
a career of oppression and that tha republic
is In dang-tr. Have U ey been la the. past the
guards of freedom? Is safety for liberty now
to be found most surely in the party whlcJi
was the defender of domestic »lavery? Is true
freedom to be secured by the ascendency of the
party which beneath our very eyes seeks to
establish through Infamous laws the despotic
rule of a small and unscrupulous band of
usurper* in Kentucky who trampled, not upon
the rights of the black men only, but of th3
whites, and which seeks to extend the same
system to North Carolina and Missouri? Has
it suddenly come to pass that the Democratic
party which to-day alma whenever it acquires
power to continue in office by crushing out hon
est elections and popular rule; has It lndet<i
cone to pass. I eay. that that party is the
chosen protector of liberty? If it were so
the outlook would be black Indeed. No. The
party of Lincoln may be best trusted now. as
in the rast. to be true even as he was true,
to the rights of man end to human freedom,
whether within tha borders of the Lntted States
or in the islands which have come beneath
our flas.
To Watch Over the Liberated.
The liberators may be trusted to watch over
tho liberated. W» who freed Cuba will keep
the'pledre w* mad» to her »ad will culita brr
along th© road to independence and stable gov
ernment until she la ready to settle her own
future by the free expression of fcer people's
¦will. We wtll be faithful to the trust imposed
upon us, and If imong those- to whom th'3
great work i3 confided in Cuba, or elsewhere,
wronffdoers shall be found, men not only bail
in morals, but dead to their duty as Americans
and false to the honor of our name, we will
punish these basest of criminals to the extent
For the "islands of Hawaii tad Porto Rico
the political problem has been solved and by
Republican legislation have been given self
government and are peaceful and prosperous
under the rule of the United States.
In the Philippines we were met by rebetltari.
fomented by a self-seeking adventurer and
usurperer. The duty of the President was to
repress that rebellion, to see that the author
ity of the United State*, as rigtitful.y and
righteous in Manila as in Philadelphia, was
acknowledged and obeyed. That harsh and
painful duty President McKinley has performed
firmly and Justly, eager to resort to gentle
measures whenever possible, unyielding when
treachery and violence made force necessary.
Unlike the opponents of expansion we don"t
regard the soldiers of Otis. Lawton and Mac-
Arthur as "an enemy's camp." In our eyes
they are th« soldiers of the United States: they
are our army and we believe in them and win
sustain them. Even now the Democrats are
planning, if they get control of the House, to
cut off appropriations for the army and thus
compel Kie withdrawal of our troops from the
Philippines.
The result would be to force tha retirement
of such soldiers as would remain In Manila
and their retreat would be the signal for th<*
massacre and plunder of the creat body of
peaceful Inhabitants of the islands who have
truXfd to us to protect and guard them. Such
an ev*nt would be an infamy. Is the Govern-
PHILADELPHIA. June 2!).-Presi^
cent McKinley -wes not renominated
at tfte session of the Republican Xa
tlor.a! Convention tc-day. But to
' morrow wiir wiincfp, lrr all proba
bility, the unparalleled rpectac'.e. of both
The Presidential and Vice Presidential
candidates being nominated by. acclama
tion. Senator Hanr.a 'threw up the
sponge" to-day. . He found he could not
tlem . the tide of the popular favorite
without using the direct influence of the
afiml&istratlon at \VasWr-gton. . and this
he cc-Id not get. Possibly even with it
he might have failed; but without it the
task was hopeless. >
The President would have r.o hand in
&n effort to control the convention. He
made known directly to Mr. Hmna bis
wish that the will of the convention
ehould not be thwarted, and when that
cr.equivocal word came Mr. Hanna re
luctantly abandoned the fight.
With this retirement frcm the contest
cpainst the Kmj<ire State Governor both
nominations could have been made before
the convention adjourned to-day. The or
iginal programme was to renominate Me-
Kin!ey to-day and to nominate the can
didate for Vice President to-morrow.
But the National Republican Committee
had made a compact with tile Philadel
phia committee to keep the convention
here for three days, /and it was feared
that if the nomination for President were
made to-day the convention might ta»:e
the bit in its teeth and wind up the pro
ceedings before dark.
Hanna Takes No Bisks.
All the preparations for the President's
nomination at this session had been per
fected. Hundreds of red. white and blue
pampas plumes attached to long staffs
had been taken down into the delegates".
pit before the convention met an<J there
stowed away against the inevitable mo-
Runt when the climax should be reached.
As they were carried into the p:t by the
ushers while the convention -w*u» assemb
ling, they recalled the magnuieem sc^ne
at St. Louis four years ago. when similat
plurtcs set the convention mad with de
light during the famous McKiu>y dem
onstration. Knowing the tem]>-.T of lhe
delegates and the crowds. Mr. iianna de
cided to take no risks. And conseijUr-nt'.y
the immense throngs which bip.ckened the
vast amphitheater to-day were compe'Itd
to content themselves with, the routine
incidents connected with the permanent
organization— an oration by Henatoi
Lodge, the permanent chairman, and the
• scene which attended the unanimous
adoption of the platform. Then they re
turned to the city to wait anoih?r twenty
four hours for the nominations which
they have traveled, some hundreds, some
thousands of mi'.es to witness.
It was a ereat disappointment to most
ct tlurn. The machinery of the conven
tion moved so smoothly tkat the session
. <5:i2. not afford them an opportunity to
Sot off steam. There was not the slight
est jar. The wheels moved as noiselessly
ut a Corliss engine. The hand of Hanna
was at the helm. He is an experienced
rnd accomplished manager. Not an t c
cc-ntric shipped. At one point, when th«
convention scraped on a sandbar ov»r a
rrtj coition advanced by Senator Quay of
Pennsylvania to cut down the represent*
tun of the Southern States In future cot*,
ventions to a basis of votes polled for tl^e
Republican candidate, the lever was re
virfeij and the convention promptly
lacked off, thus avoiding the threatened
shallow by postponing a decision upon the
subject until to-morrow. The, Sout!ie-ri»
delegates, without regard to color, race
or previous condition, are very much in
(SttKd over what they regard afc a bio**'
at chi-ir power in national conventions,
tind the -gTcwl. they emitted to-day inoi
tr.tes that they propose to light !n their
cfort to avert it.
Roosevelt's Popularity.
Again to-day Governor Roosevelt car- ' \
ried eff the honors. His entrance was
the firnal for the roost pronounced
demonstration of the session. It was as
dramatic as that of yesterday and was
practically a repetition of his experience
then. He t-till wore his Rough Rider hat.
Some of his austerity had departed.
With the relaxation of Sir. Hanna's opposi
tion, the Governor realized that he must
succumb. to the inevitable. And he ap
peared, resigned to his 'fate. Only once
did he seem to resent the popular accla
mation*. That was when Senator Wol
cott, who Is one of hie ardent supporters,
pave the crowd an opportunity to chper
him by namir.g him on the committee to
escort Henry Cabot Lodge, the permanent
chairman, to the platform. He made no
effort to conceal the annoyance he felt at
being thus dragged into view.
Senator Lodge, young, brilliant, already
famvus as a echolar. statesman an<i
historian, made a line figure as he de
livered his address as permanent chair
man. His finely poised head, * close
cropped Iron gray beard, delicately chisel
ed fealurea and slender, athletic frame
were clearly outlined as he faced the con
vention. His voice, though resonant, has
B down-East raspiness. but his delivery is
pleasing and forceful and his speech was
th* scholarly, clear-cut effort expected of
him. But it covered the Fame general
ground Senator Wolcott went over yes
terday, and though some of the fine points
elicited applause, as a whole it did not
stir up any great enthusiasm.
Neither did the reading of the platform,
a very strong document, by Senator Fair
banks, and for the same reason. Both Ir*
different forms were epitomes of the rec
ord of the administration upon which the
party will ask the country to return it to
power— a record eloquently placed before
the convention yesterday by Senator
Wolcott:
Republican Patriarchs Appear.
The moFt striking- incident of the day
was the appearance on the stage of fifteen
of the survivors *of the original convention
held in Locust street in this city in 1F58.
All the stirring; memories of the exciting
days when the country was on the verge
of the bloody conflict over slavery swelled
up as those old lovers of liberty faced a
new generation, bearing: in their hands
the faded, tattered flag of a generation
that, has passed Into history. Senator
Hati-Jey of Connecticut was the only one
of the fiftf-cn who mill holds a prominent
place upon the stage of the present. The
cheer that went up at the sight of them
shook the building. It arose again more
turoultuously when their Fpokesman an
nounced their unwavering allegiance to
th»" party they had helped to bring forth.
Two hi5toric gavels, one from the tree
under which the immortal Garfield won
his star at the battle of Middle Creek,
Ky.; another made from the wood of the
old Capitol at Providence, R. I., and
adorned with bronze from the hull of the
America's cup defender Columbia, were
presented to the convention during the
day. To-morrow the convention meets at
11 a. m. and its labors probably will be
over before 3 p. m.
Vast Throng Attends.
It was almost 11 o'clock when the ad
vance guard of the preat army of visitors
crossed the Schuylklll and besieged the
doors of the convention hall. It was
thought the renomination of. President
McKinley was to be the event of the day,
and every road led to the Export Exposi
tion building. In street cars, carriages
finfl afoot the people streamed thither.
Through the thirty entrances to the hall
the populace flowed unceasingly, grndu
ally spreading over and blotting out the
great waste of unpainted pine'cnalrs.
As on yesterday, the delegates wero_
slow in nrrivinp. but the -distinguished
quests irera on hand somewhat earlier.
Ex-Pcstmactcr General Gary was eon
pp!cuo:i£ on Uie stage, and in prominent
spats oveflofikirig the delegates' nit sat
Adjutant General Corbin and General
Bates. The vases at the corners of the
Permanent Organization Effected,
Contests Settled and the Plat
form Adopted Without a Jarring
Note to JVlar the Harmony*
Colonel Roosevelt's Every Move
ment the Occasion for a Demon
stration Attesting the Popularity
of the "Strenuous" Governor*
Sets Forth the Splendid Record of
the Present Administration and
the Prosperity Attending the In
cumbency of William McKinley.
Vast Assemblage btirred to iinthu
siasm by Chairman Lodge's
Eloquent Word Picture of the
Achievements of Republicanism.
CONVENTION CLEARS THE WAY FOR NOMINATIONS
THE SAX FBAXOISCO CALL, THlJ[BSDAYr JTjNE 21, 1900.
Continued on Fourth Page.
2
Smiths*
Seven f -
<BB^^
I Thursday, Friday, Saturday. B
[I Cheese 1 Ib 10c ti
I Mild California— not a
H cheap quality but the best. [ j
I Herring 10 h> kit 90c u
h Labrador— Split— A. I. fish, fj
8 Very low price. Reg. $1.25. 1 j
n Gelatine 4 for 25c |
rf "McKinley"— sounds good H j
{1 and is good — fine as u
B "Knoxs." Reg- ioc. M
I Rolled Oats ii lbs. 25c -|
n Fresh— Eastern goods. l\
| Salad Dressings*. 13c |
II Gold Medal Brand, £
t| guaranteed to please or no
a cost to you. Reg. 20c h
y Jelly 2 lb - t>n— 2 for 25c F
ii Currant— pure sugar & I
] sound fruit juice-^-open I
|j for sample and criticism. j;
[J Rice . 3K lbs. 25c |
I] Fancy Head— Carolina— n
d best that grows. j ]
I Headquarters Jj
I For Campers and Tourists, fj
p Why? Because here they find |]
I everything for pleasure ana com- fj
'I fort. Its the little things that f(
I are worth their weight in gold FJ
I when you need them. You will |J
3 find them here. f]
25-27 MARKET ST. ,'To Extend
Increasing
Foreign Trade
Steel Plant Shuts Down.
•-¦ COLUMBUS. O.. June 20.— The plant of
the National Steel Company in" this city,
employing ¦*¦ nearly ; 600 . men, was closed
down- to-day.---" • ¦ .....
It was not accordlng / to many precedents,
but it was good tastt;.
In the New York delegation to*-day " a
profile was noticed as an exact reproduc
tion of that of Mr. Gladstone. Inspection
of it proved it to belong to Senator
Cbauncey Depew, and that likeness to air.
Gladstone has been much remarked in
England. Senator Fpraker appeared on
the platform to make, an ipqulry, and it
was remarked that, since he was Gov
ernor, he has gained a few points in fig
ure, but It is certainly not for lack of
hard work that he Is on the increase, for
he is intensely laborious as Senator and
lawyer, and his correspondence Is enor
mous. His activities' know no intermis
sion. He still bears himself as a sol
dier and is as good a horseman as when
as the young Governor of Ohio he rode
with his staff through the streets of
Philadelphia, and had a triumphant ride
of it. Hfs Roman nose is still in evidence,
and especijftly when he rises to an oc
casion that is exciting and his nostrils
quiver like those of a blooded horse, "As
a boy captain he, climbed the breastworks
of the Confederates at Missionary Ridge,
and personally disarmed and made pris
oner a man with a gun before his com
pany got over the barricade of logs.
Once one of the Senators of Indiana,
the Hon. D. W. Voorhees, was called be
cause of his stature "the tall sycamore of
the Wabash." It may be assumed" that
Senator Fairbanks might as well be
styled the "tall poplar of the Whitewater
river" or some other title that would in-
CALL HEADQUARTERS. HOTEL
WALTON. PHILADELPHIA. June
20.— Rarely. If ever, has there been
under one roof so many of the men
of mark In the United States
as were gathered In the convention
hall to-day. That hall seems to
grow from day to day. It has become
enormous, and the presence of 20.000 per
son* Jn a beautiful, light and delicious air,
and every one well disposed, seems to In
crease the difficulty of carrying on busi
ness with lntelligertce. An audience of
5300 people Is as large as can be addressed
with satisfaction on the platform and the
floor, and when audiences of 5000 are mul
tiplied by five, there are hardly a dozen
public speakers in the nation who can"be
heard except In some of the passages that
are Fpedally enunciated. Perhaps .we
will have to return to the old methods of
holding national conventions in churches
or theaters, where the spectators are
counted by hundreds or thousands and not
by tens of thousands.
The orator of the first day. Senator
IVoIcott, was heard a* very few men in
the country could have been, but during
the preliminaries to-day It was evident'
that his voice has lost its mualc. The
management of the convention has been
conducted with propriety and not In a
rabble-rousing sensational spirit. Senator
Woloott had the opportunity in his great
speech to refer to the heroes of the Span
ish War,. but named no one of them be
cause if one had been celebrated the
friends of others could have complained.
BY MURAT HflLSTEAD,
Special Correspondent of The Call.
elude tall timber and the musical named
rivers of his State. He Is following the
example of Senator . Foraker in the im
provement of his proportions. Senator
Fairbanks has incidentally received a
compliment in an extraordinary way..; A !
Vice Presidential boom has been provided
for him and It did not start on the banks
of the Wabash, though it might with pro
priety have done so.
He has been opposed to this boom all
the time. He is weir satisfied with his
place in the Senate. The compliment has
been that of the understanding that if the
administration^" became -apprehensive - of
results in regard to thd Vice Presidency
the tall Senator from I Indiana was held
in reserve and . could toe " called upon to
overcome the boom of any disagreeable
person., The Senator might have been, as
It were, a refuge for the convention from,
those who were not regarded as adequate,
but as Governor Roosevelt lsexpected to
be nominated before the State of New
York Is named in the call "of the roll (and
that would remove Mr.. Ropsevelt's ob
jections) it is not . probable that ¦* there
will be any occasion for drafting a man
out||de of New York.
Colonel McClure, whose golden
jubilee as an editor was celebrated some
years ago,' appeared In the convention hall
to-day and was In his best form; He;
goes on writing books and editorials and :
holds. that his movements as : respect 'par- '
ty organizations are like the straight lines'
drawn to pass through - the' two ; crooked
lines to form the "dollar-mark. It- Is- as-
Pen Pictures of Those_ Whose Dignity Increases
the Businesslike Air of the
SOME REMARKABLE MEN
ATTEND THE CONVENTION
Congress one of the most active and use
ful of. the members, an effective laborer
in the party organization and a master
of the. art of drawing laws for Congres
sional legislation. 'Mr. Frank now makes
the singular choice of doing the hard work
of the Republican party instead of acting
its honors as an official.
. It was a spectacle of true harmony to
see that energetic Mayor of Philadelphia
sitting with ex-Governor Black of New
York on one side and Lou Payne on the
otherr exchanging observations that must
from the airs of good fellowship, have
been of a pleasing nature.
Notable among the editors looking after
the convention In person Is "Richard W.
Knott of the Louisville Post, a gentleman
whose hair is' turning gray, probably be
cause he had .hod as hard a time as a
gold 'Democrat in Kentucky, and has done
something, mere than stand his ground.
Mr. Knott may bp classed as among tho
makers of history of whom we hear. He
has been right there in Kentucky and
knows how it Is done.
The opponents of the Republican party
complain that the convention lrtcks en
thusiasm. They mean that it is not hide-'
ously noisy and isn't rampant to demon
strate physical ] force at every suggestion
of .the commonplace and not determine
to spoil the superb sentences of a speaker
by Injecting untimely and unnecessary
applause. The Republican delegates and
the : spectators, too, do not continually
shriek and pound andclamor wlth'sticks
and heels, but they seem to feel that they
are well -and doing, well, and . that it is
good for them to be here, and there is not
the sign of a scare about anything In par
ticular. In the convention. . The long ad
vertised and vehemently . and viciously
proclaimed ' raid upon the - convention to
stampede against the^ President, is un
known, except, by -the' gifted reporters,
who are called upon in the loud sheets to
pour forth torrents ot precipitation from
their' discolored imaginations. . -
As for the celebrated long tried "beat
ing of flanna," his. personal appearance is
that ho«might enjoy it, as he does other
things equally Irrelevant and Improbable,
as ;. much ¦ as . anybody. He has reached
that state of celebrity in which a few
moments of repose by him Is regarded rs
a. phenomenon > and .indicating that some
thing memorable is about to take place.'
sumed that the two great parties move
crookedly while the great editor proceeds
in the right. line and finds himself some
times with one crowd and sometimes with
the other. ¦ ¦-../.
There is no doubt that he Is all right
this time, and has been often, and In all
human probability will be again. He sup
ports William ilcKlnley as he did Abra
ham Lincoln. Colonel McClure and Mr.
Rosewater of the Omaha Bee, who Is also
in attendance -at the convention and Is
advancing In years, are two living editors
of great distinction/who knew President
Lincoln long and well. Mr. Rosewa-ter's
long and' close association with Mr. Lin
coln has never been written out, as Colonel
McClure's recollections fortunately have.
Mr. Rosewater should' be called upon^for a
bobk of his personal memories of tho first
martyr President. '
It was a dignified but pathetic picture
when the veterans of 185C were presented
on the platform, bearing- the little old
battle flags that adorned the Fremont
convention hall. They are not great flags
In their measurements, but they are rep
resentative of a great history. George H.
Earle, a citizen of Philadelphia, of a fam
ily that for two generations were famous
as anti-slavery agitators with a practical
turn of mind, was a delegate to the con
vention of 1856, and Is in good health and
of remarkable certainty of memory.. He
says of the first of the liberty. men, as
they were called in 1S40: "How little they
thought .that they were officiating, at the
birth, of" a party .; that was to abolish
slavery and to save the- American Union."
Colonel Leopold Mark Brite, brother of
tho'famous orator and poet, Frederick
Hassaurek, "appears, in tho^ convention,
still . vigorous and clear and* alert in his
activities^as an editor, but sadly crippled
by months of suffering in \ Llbby Prison
so crippled, Indeed, that he walks with
difficulty.; ¦ . • - . . "."' .: '•;¦:.•;...
One of the great Journalists of the West.
Mr.. Houser. of the St. Louis.Globe-Demo
crat, and very largely responsible for the
splendid prosperity :;of; that Journal, Is; In
the convention" as »adelegate- : -an unusual
adventure for him." for while he has guid
ed" many delegates -this Is his : : first per
sonal i participation; In : official duty; at {a
national convention."- There is nothing new
in politics for him or in the duties of good
citizenship , thai v is not familiar to him;
and -he sets a good example in 'i corning
herc.V . ¦ .' . ' . . ; ¦ ¦ :,-.. '• - ¦
; • Another. St. Louis : newspaper man pres
ent" is 1 Nathan ; Frank, proprietor of; the
Star. Mr. •¦ Frank " was for * some ¦ terms ' of
cessful effort to com-
mlt all trad Ins and
colonizing nations to the policy of the open
door in China. • /
In the interest of our expanding commerce,
we recommend that Congress create a Depart
ment of Commerce and Industries, In the charge
of a Secretary with a seat in the Cabinet. The
United States Consular system should be re
organized under the supervision of this new
department upon such a basis of appointment
and tenure as will rfnder it still more ser
viceable to the nation's increasing trade. The
American Government must protect the person
and property of every citizen wherever they are
wrongfully violated or placed in peril.
We congratulate the women of America upon
their splendid record of public service in the
volunteer aid association, and as nurses In
Control of
the Can.nl
Favored.
condemn ull .conspira-
des and combinations
Intended to restrict business, to create monopo-
7T. t " by every , succeeding
President, and Im
posed upon us by The Hague treaty, of non-
Intervention !».. Kuropean controversies, the
American people earnestly hope that a way
may soon be found, honorable alike to both
trlbutlon of water for irrigation to the respect
ive States and Territories. . »
we favor home rule for and the early admis
sion to statehood of the Territories of New
Mexico^ Arizona and Oklahoma.
The Dlnsley act amended to provide suffi
cient revenue for the conduct/ of the war has
¦o well." performed Its work that It has been
possible, to reduce the war debt in the sum of
$4O,OCO.QCff.' So ample are the Government's rev,
enues and no great Is the public confidence In
th<? Integrity of Its obligations that Its newly
funded two per cent bonds sell at a premium.
The country la now Justified in expecting and it
will be the policy of the Republican party to
bring about a reduction of the warf taxes.
We favor the construction, ownership, con
trol 'and protection of an isthmian canal by
the Government of the United States. New
markets are necessary for the increasing sur
plus of our farm pro-
ducts. • Every effort
should be made to
Control O? open end obtain new
markets, especially In
the Cai\nl the Orient, nnd the
w~ ' , administration is
l-avored. warmly to be com
. mended for lta sue-
¦ -\ ' ¦ ¦
Pensions for
tbo Country's
Defenders. r ~"
to the soldiers end sailors who have fought Its
battles and !t in tht
i Government' s ¦ duty to
" . \ provide , for '.the : sur-
Pensions for vlvors and > f or the
f ¦ widows and '¦ orphans
tbo Country's of. those, wbo ., have
1 n < .f' < .nrf; l .i <-¦ : '»J>?n"ln the «jr«ntry;»
; UCTCnaers. war i The^^Denslon
A . : . lawi founded' on '.this
In further pursuance of tha constant policy of
the Republican party to provide free. homes on
the public domain we recommend 'adequate na
tional legislation to reclaim the arid lands of
the United States, reserving control of the dls-
We favor the extension of the rural f ree, de
livery service wherever its , extension may. be
Justified.
'.Public movements looking to a permanent im
provement of the roads and " highways of the
country meet with our cordial approval and we
recommend this subject to the earnest consid
eration pt the people and of the legislatures o(
the several States. ;
It was ¦ the plain purpose of the fifteenth
amendment to the constitution to prevent dis
crimination on account of race or color In reg
ulating the elective franchise. Devices of State
government, whether by statutory or constitu
tional enactment, to avoid the purpose of this
amendment are revolutionary and should be
condemned. '¦ . '
We commend the policy of ' the Republican
party In maintaining the efficiency of the civil
service. The administration', has acted wisely
In ita efforts to secure for -public service in
Cuba. Porto Rico, Hawaii and the Philippines
only those whose fitness has. been determined
by training and. experience.-. We- believe yiat
employment in the" public service In those ter
ritories should be confined as far a's practicable
to their Inhabitants.
~ : ¦¦' . ' . T . Ju,st sentiment'; should
" - ; "'v--: "be ; liberal, and should
be liberally administered and preference should
be given wherever practicable with respect to
employment - In I the public service' to soldiers
and sailors and 'to their widows and orphans.
In the further interest of American workmen
we favor a more effective restriction of the Im
migration of cheap labor from foreign lands,
the extension of opportunities of education for
working children,- the raising of the age limit
for child labor, the protection of free labor as
against contract convict labor and an effective
system of labor insurance.
Our present dependence on foreign shipping
for nine-tenths of cur foreign carrying trade is
a great loss to the Industry of this country, fit
is also a serious danger to our trade, for Its
sudden withdrawal in the event of European
war would seriously cripple our expanding for
eign commerce. The national defense and naval
efficiency of this country, moreover, supply 'a
compelling reason for . legislation which will
enable us to recover our former plac« among
the trade carrying fleets of the world. '
The nation owes a debt of profound gratitude
We renew our faith In the policy of protec
,tlon to American labcr. In that . policy ' our
industries * have been established, diversified
and maintained. By protecting the home mar
ket, the competition has been stimulated and
production cheapened. Opportunity to the In
ventive genius of our people haa been secured
and wages in every department of labor main
tained at high rates, higher now than ever be
fore, always distinguishing our working people
in their better conditions of life from those
of any competing country. Enjoying the bless
ings of American common schools, secure in
the right of self-government and protected In
the occupancy of their own markets, their con
stantly increasing knowledge and skill have
enabled them finally to enter the markets of
the world. We favor the associated policy of
reciprocity go dinxted as to open our markets
on favorable terms for what we' do not our
selves produce in return for free foreign mar
kets.
lies, to limit production or to control prices and
favor such legislation as will effectually re
strain and prevent all such abuses, protect and
promote competition and secure the lights of
producers, laborers and all who are engaged
In industry and commerce.
Adherence -to
Monroe
Doctr.ne.
Istratlon, business -was
dead, industry paralyzed and the national
credit disastrously. Impaired. . The country's
oarltal wes hidden away and Its labor dls
treF*ed and unemployed. The Democrats
had no other plan with which to Improve
the ruinous conditions which they had them
selves produced than to coin silver at the ratio
of 1C to 1. The Republican party, denouncing
tills plan as sure to produce conditions even
worse than these from which relief wa« sought,
promised to restore prosperity by means cf two
legiflatlvp measures — a protective tariff and a
law making gr>W the rtandinl of value. The
people by gTT.t majorities Issued to the Ke
publican party a commission to enact these
taws. This commission has b*en executed and
the Republican promise is redeemed. Pros
perity more general and more abundant than
we have ever known has followed these en
tptrr.ents. There is no longer any controversy
an to the value of any Government obligation.
£rv«»ry American dollar Is a gold dollar or Its
assured f-qulvalrnt and American credit stands
l.ipher than that of any other nation. Capital is
fully employed and everywhere labor Is profit
ably occupied. Xo elngle fact can more strik
ingly tell the story of what Republican Gov
ernment means to the country thrn thii— that
While during the whole period of one hundred
and eeven years from 1790 to 1S37, there was an
excess cf export* over Imports of only r3S3,02S,
<97, there has been In the short tnr*e years of
the present Republican administration an ex
cess of exports over imports In the enormous
ram of J1.4S3.738.CS4. and while the American
people, sustained by this Itepublican legisla
tion, have been achieving these f-plendld
triumphs in their business and commerce, they
have conducted and In victory concluded a war
for liberty and human rights. ICo thought of
national aggrandizement tarnished the high
purpose with which American standards were
unfurled. It was a war unsought and patient
ly resisted, but when It came the American
Govfirnrsf-nt was ready. Its fleets were cleared
Tor action. Its armies were In the field and
tbe quick and signal triumph of its forces on
land and uea bore equal tribute to the courage
of the American noldlere and pallors and to the
skill and foresight of Republican statesman
ship. To ten millions of the human race there
vu given "a birth of freedom" and to the
lican chief magistrate
''and a Republican Con
gress, has been met
and satisfied. When
the people then assem
bled at tbe polls after
a term of Democratic
legislation and admln-
Ruinous
Conditions
Repaired.
McKinley has been In
every situation the true American patriot and
upright statesman, clear In vision, strong in
Judgment, firm in action, always Inspiring and
desenVng the confidence of his countrymen.
In asking the American people to Indorse this
Republican record and to renew their commia
eion to the Republican party,^we remind them
of the fact that the menace fS their prosperlty
has always resided In Democratic principles,
and no less in the general Incapacity of the
Democratic partj' to conduct public affairs. The
prime essential of business prosperity is public
confidence In the good sense of the Government
and its ability to deal Intelligently with nil
new problems of administration and legisla
tion. That confidence the Democratic party has
nev er earned. It is hopelessly inadequate, and
the country's prosperity when Democratic suc
cess at the polls is announced halts and ceases
in mere anticipation of Democratic blunders
and failures. We renew our allegiance to the
principle of the gold standard, and declare* our
confidence in the wisdom of the legislation of
the Fifty-sixth Congress by which the parity
of all of our money and the stability of our cur
rency on a gold basis has been secured. "We
recognize that Interest rates are a potent factor
In production and business activity, and for the
purpose of further equalizing and of further
lowering the rates of Interest we "favor such
monetary legislation as will enable the varying
needs of the season and of all sections to be
properly met, in order that trade may be evenly
sustained, labor steadily employed and com
merce enlarged. The volume- of money in cir
culation was never so great per capita as it
is to-day. We declare our steadfast opposition
to the free and unlimited coinage of silver. No
necessity and propri-
measure to that end could be considered which
was without the support of the leading com
mercial countries of the world. However firmly
Republican legislation may seem. to have se
cured the country against the peril of base and
discredited currency, the election of a Demo
cratic President could not fall, to impair the
country's credit and to bring" once more Into
question the Intention of the.American people
to maintain upon the gold standard the parity
of their money circulation. The Democratic
party must be convinced thatf the American
people will never tolerate the Chlcagg»platform.
We recofmiie the
ety of the honest co
operation of capital
to meet new business
conditions and espe
cially to extend our
rapidly Increasing for
eign trade, but we
• ¦
r pHE platform of the Republican party as adopted by the
Philadelphia convention yesterday indorses McKinley's ad
ministration; declares for the gold standard and ¦ against the
free coinage, of silver; calls attention to the prosperity of the
country under a Republican administration; advocates laws
for the betterment of the working ,people arid the restriction
of cheap foreign 'labor; demands national legislation to re
claim the^arid lands of; the West; urges the construction and
control of the isthmian canal by the United States.
American people a new and noble responsibil
ity.
"We Indorse the administration of William
McKlnley. Its acts have been established in
wisdom and lnr pa
f I triotlsm, and at
home and abroad It
Influence has distinctly elevated
and extended the ln-
OI America fluence of the Amert
w- j. . can nation. Walking
extended, j untried paths and fac
x ; Ing unforeseen respon
""?¦ slWlltles. President
PLATFORM OF REPUBLICAN PARTY
carr.p and hospital during the recent campaigns
of our armies in the Eastern and "Western
Indies, and we appreciate their faithful co
operation in all works of education and in
dustry.
President McKinley has conducted the for
eign affairs of the United States with dis
tinguished credit to the American people. In
releasing us from the vexatious Euroaean al
liance for the government of Samoa, his course
Is especially to be commended. By securing
to our undivided control the most Important
island of the Samoan group, and the best har
bor In the Southern Pacific, every American
interest has been safeguarded.
We approve the annexation of the Hawaiian
Islands to the United States.
We commend the part taken by our Govern
ment In the peace conference at The Hague.
\Ve assert our steadfast adherence to tbe policy
announced In the Monroe doctrine. The pro-
visions of The Hague convention were wisely
regarded when President McKlnley tendered
hla friendly offices In
.the Interest of peace
II between Great Britain
Adherence to I and the South African
I republics. "While thw
American Government
must continue the pol
icy prescribed by
Washlngton. affirmed
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. HOTEL,
WALTON, PHILADELPHU, Juno
20.— Appended is the platform as
prepared by the committee on reso
lutions and adopted by the Repub
lican National Convention:
The Republicans cf the United Etates.
through their chosen representatives, met In
national convection, locking back upon an un
eorpused record of achievement and looking
forward into a great fleld of duty and oppor
tunity and appealiag^to the Judgment of their
countrymen, make these declarations:
The expectation In which the American peo
ple, turain* from the Democratic party, in
trusted power four
.*. ' t years ago to a Rtpub-
contending parties, to terminate the strife- be
tween them.
In accepting, by the treaty of Paris, the Ju«t
responsibilities of our victories In the Spanish
war. the President and the Senate won the
undoubted approval of the American people. No
other course -was possible than to destroy
Spain's sovereignty throughout the West Indies
and in tbe Philippines. That course created
our responsibility before the world and with
the unorganized population whom our inter
vention had freed from Spain, to provide for
the maintenance of law and order, and for the
establishment cf eood government and for the>
performance of international obligations. Our
authority could not be less than our responsi
bility, and wherever sovereign rights were ex
tended. It became the hljfh duty of the Govern
ment to maintain its authority, to put down
armed insurrection and to confer the bless
ings of liberty and civilization upon all the
rescued peoples. The largest measure of self
government consistent wlth^helr welfare and
our duties shall be secured to them by law.
To Cuba, independence and self-government
were assured in the same voice by which war
was declared, and to the letter this pledge shall
be performed.
The Republican party, upon Its history and
upon" this declaration of Ita principles and poli
cies: confidently invokes the considerate and
approving judgment of the American people.
Haclnnes Dismissed.
VICTORIA. B. C, June 20.— Lieutenant
Governor Maclnnes "was dismissed from
ofiJee to-day and Sir Henri Joly appointed,
In his place.
FOUR BIG FIGURES AT THE CONVENTION
THE SAN FRAWlSCX^ 7 CALi, THURSDAY, JTrNE 21; 1900.
Influence
of America
Extended. \
3
PcfoMyM UR aim is not to sell you just one f^rj
B ' uiiimmiiiltl cost, and we think that we can ||j
|p do u in the protection and values we give at J^
tpvj As a means to get acquainted with us, suppose that fc£wi
jfli y° u order one of the c e Miits which «ve are making to K$>j
KM measure for $13.50. We can show youan assortment in <^n3
gk^ numbers of light patterns and the following dark cloths: Ca|g
||: black cheviot n£w light blue serge «3
Kg The suits embody style, quaiity and fit — they will Ha
||s keep their shape and color — they will prove to be well W§
[pi Samples freely given to everybody; you can order 1
ig Money returned if you want it; or »g
iiS Clothss kept in repair ?re2 ion one year. ;x9
¦¦jgi All out-of-iov/n ordors will 03 filled vtiih ccr9 end &hs
promptness; fit and satisfaction assurod; writo for samples SJ
!,£? 718 Karket Street ana Co:\ Powell ani Ediy. |&|Scenes ; ip the Philadelphia Hotel Lobbies.
Rule 6— Upon all subjects before the conven
tion the States shall be called In ' alphabetical
Rule &— It phall be In order to lay on the
table a proposed amendment to a pending
measure, and such motion. If adopted, shall not
carry, with it or prejudiceisuch measure.
Kule 4— A- motion to suspend the rulea shall
be In order only when made by authority of a
majority of the delegates from any State and
seconded by a majority of the delegates from
not less than two other States. :
Rule 3— When the previous question khall be
demanded by a majority of the delegates from
any States, and the demand is seconded by
two or more States, and the call la sustained
by a majority of the convention, the question
shall then be proceeded with and disposed of
according to the rules of the House of Repre
sentatives in similar cases.
Rule 2— The rules of the House of Representa
tives of the Fifty-sixth Congress shall be the
rules of the convention, so far as" they are ap
plicable and not Inconsistent with th.» follow
ing rules.
Rule 1. — The convention shall consist of. a
number of delecates at laree from each State,
equal to double the number of ' United States
Senators to which each State Is entitled, and
for c.tch representative' -at large In .Congress,
two delegates at large: from each Congres
sional district and the District of Columbia
two delegates; from each of the Territories 'of
Alaska, Arizona, Indian Territory,' New'Mexl
cc and Oklahoma, twg delegates.
REPORT ON RULES.
General Bingham of Pennsylvania was
recognized to present the. unanimous re
port of the committee on rules. He said
that In the main the rules of four and
eight years ago had been adopted, leav
ing it for the convention to make any
marked departure from the former pro
cedure. They are as follows:
L. E. Olsen of Minnesota presented a
table which had been used . at the Re.
publican National Conventions at Minne
apolis and St. Louis.
Senator Lodge received the presenta
tions with a graceful speech.
Mr. Lodge's voice showed splendid car
rying power. His reference to Hawaii
and the presence of representatives of
tnat new acquisition brought the -el
egates to their feet in a lusty greeting to
the Hawallans, and when he referred to
the "infamy" in Kentucky the delegates
yelled their approval. Mr. Lodge's- ref
erences to the policy of the Government
toward Cuba and the Philippines brought
out frequent manifestations of approval
and his brilliant tribute to the American
soldiers fighting in the tropics. was the
signal for a hearty demonstration. Sen
ator Lodge concluded at 1:37. l
Colonel Chiles of Rhode Island, in a
neat speech, presented -to Mr. Lodge a
historic gavel, the mahogany from the
capitol at Providence, the bronze from
the yacht Columbia, which defeated the
Shamrock at the International yacht races
last fall. A young delegate from Ken
tucky, John W. Langley, mounted the
platform and in an eloquent speech pre
sented another carved from a tree In the
valley of the Big Sandy beneath which
General Gariield Is said to have knelt in
prayer at the battle of Middle Creek. He
concluded with the statement that he pre
sented the gavel as a plcdpe of the con
tinued devotion. of Kentucky to the prin
ciples of Republicanism and . a hostage
that the State would this fall tf-p its
electoral vote to McKlnley and Roose
velt. ' "
Presentation of Gavels.
us with their future. ¦ We have profound faith
in the people. We do not distrust their ca
pacity of meeting the now responsibilities even
as they met the old and we *hall await with
confidence, under- the leadership of William
McKinley, the verdict of November.
"Wlth'this out of the way. Senator Fair
banks of Indiana, chairman of the com
mittee on resolutions, was recognized. The
Indiana Senator received a flattering re
ception as he mounted the platform, but
when he beg"an to read the declaration of
principles scores of delegates and alter-
? a , t . es^2 t UP and began filing out of the
hall. The confusion became bo great that
Senator Fairbanks was unable to proceed
and Senator Lodge was compelled to come
forward and call for order. e
"This is a matter of the most vital im
portance,'' said he. "It ia the enunciation
of the- principles upon which the Repub
lican party is to stand." ,; *
?v T"' 9 , a PP e al had some effect. Many of
the delegates returned to their seats but
the thousands who could. not hear Senator
Fairbanks- Rrew restless, and many left
the hall for a breath of air. -"*"?:
vvhlle the hum of conversation contin
ued interest in the document manif esffy
increased as the reading proceeded Sen
£l?,r,"S' a /*£ hr 2 u f h the throngs that sur
rounded the delegates on all side* he was
recognized and greeted by a storm of
JhfTfV^ 0 aisU . nc^ waa e Interruption
that Chairman Lodge wasr forced to ap
peal to the^ spectators in order that the
transacted^ th ° convenUon might bS
¦ Senator. Fairbanks concluded the read
ing of the platform at 2:50 o'clock. He
moved that the platform be adopted, and
§on that motion demanded the previous
uestlon. The demand was seconded by
enator Hansbrough of North Dakota and
Senator Sewell of New Jersey. The de
mand was agreed to and the motion was
Fairbanks Beads the Platform.
rules 1 and 12, be postponed until to-mor
row and that the remainder of the report
be adopted. He backed his suggestion
with a motion.
The motion raised a storm of protest
from the Southern delegates. Delegates
from all the Southern States were on their
feet demanding recognition. Delegate Mc-
Call of Tennessee mounted a chair and,
amid the plaudits of his associates, de
manded the right to be heard before any
action was taken upon the Quay amend
ment.
John L.ynch. a colored delegate from
Mississippi, stood on his chair and secured
recognition for a substitute to the Quay
amendment. This recited that In any State
where the right to vote was abridged be
cause of race, color or previous condition
of servitude the representation in Con
gress should be reduced in proportion to
the extent of the dlsenfranchlaement. A
point of order was promptly made that
the substitute was not germane and Chair
man Lodge sustained the point.
At this point the convention threatened
to get Into a parliamentary "tangle over
the adoption of the rules and proposed
amendments! Mr. Quay's motion finally
prevailed that rules 1 and 12. with his
amendments, go > over until to-morrow
after which the other rules were agreed to
without dissent.
Bitter Fight in Prospect.
To-night General Binghajn said that the
committee on rules would bring the reso
lution before the convention to-morrow
in amended form. It will provide »for a
reference of tho question of changing the
basis of representation to the national
committee, with instructions to take ac
tion upon It In accordance with the spirit
of the resolution. presented by Mr.. Quay.
The discussion will begin as. soon as the
convention' convenes. General- Blngrham
will have control of the resolution on tne
floor. lie sa*d he would offer an oppor
tunity ' for debate upon the proposition,
but that unless reasonable time for dis
cussion could be agrreed upon he would
move- the previous question. Upon, this
the debate, under the rules of the con
vention, would be limited to twenty min
utes on each side.
Tp-night the resolution is the principal
topic among the delegates. Those from
the Southern States are working like
beavers to stem the tide which seems to
be running- tqward the adoption of the
resolution. Sdme declare that its adop
tion means death to Republicanism in the
South.
Many of the delegations held Informal
caucuses to-night, in "which the resolution
was discussed with a view to action to
morrow. As a rule, however, no definite
decision was reached. Many from the
Northern States declare their intention of
supporting- the resolution. The proposi
tion has strong backing in the New Eng
land States, In New York and Pennsyl
vania, and In the Northwestern " States
So strong has the feeling become among
the Southern delegates that many of them
are prepared to trade their votes for the
Vice Presidency for ' votes against the
resolution. Indeed, this offer has been
openly made in a number of Instances.
Now, at th« -dawn of- a. new century, with
new policies and new opportunities opening, be
fore \xb In the bright . sunshine of prosperity,
we aeain ask the American people to entrust
What would his Cabinet be? Think what an
electric spark of confidence would run through
every buj=lne?s interest in the country- when
fuc!i a Cabinet was announced as we can read
ily Imagine he would make? More important
Ft ill. we ask the American people whether they
will r«t In the White Iluuse the hero of un
counted platfcrms", the pmdlgal- spendthrift; of
vords. the champion of fn?e sliver, the oppo
r.cnt of expansion, the assailant of the courts
or whether they will retain In the Presidency
the Union wjldier. the leader of the House of
llepresentative?, the tralnod ' statesman, who
has borne victoriously the heavy burdens of
the la« lour years; the champion of protec
tion and:itoll4 money; the fearless supporter o'
law and order wherever the Sag floatsTf JMw
Those are the questions we" present "to the
American r^ople In regard to the Philippines
X»') they want such a humiliating change there
i- Democratic victory, would bring"? Do they
want an even more radical • change at home?
Suppose the candidate of the Democrats, the
Populists, the foe* of expansion, the dissatis
fied and the envious, should come into power
what kind of an administration would he give
UF?'
They fall down and worship a Chinese half
breed whose name they had never heard three
yeai-s apo. and they slandeT and cry down and
<Jo-jfct the honor of American soldiers and eail
ors, of admirals and eenerals and public men
who have gone In and out before us during an
entire lifetime. We are true to our own. We
hz.vc no distrust of the honor, the humanity,
the capacity of the American people. To feel
or to do otherwise Is to doubt ourselves, our
Government and our civilization. We take
iwwe with the Democrats who would cast off
th« Philippines because the American people
cannot be trusted with them, and we declare
that the American people can be trusted to deal
Jurtiy. wweir and generously with these dis
tant Wands and will lift them up to higher
prosperity, a broader freedom and a nohier
civilization than they have ey«r known. We
have not failed elsewhere. W«isball rot fall
American People Trusted.
tnent. is the House, to be given over to & party
capable of such a policy? »
No Hypocritical Pretenses.
Shall they not rather be Intrusted to the
X>arty which will sustain the army and sup
j>r<»K¥ the brigands and guerrillas who. under
pretense of war. are now adding so freely to
the list of crimes committed In the name of
lU*rty by usurpers and pretenders and who.
t>uoyed up by l>emocrat!c promises, keep up a
highwayman's warfare in hope of Democratic
6ucc«»i5s In November? It is for the American
jieople to decide this question. Our position Is
plain. The restoration of peace and order now
eo nearly reached In the Philippines ehall be
completed. Civil government sh&ll be eetab-
Ii5hr-d and the people advanced as rapidly as
possible along the road to entire freedom and
felf-gcrvernment under our flag. We will not
abandon our task. We will neither surrender
ncr retreat. We will not write failure across
this page cf our history. We will do our duty,
our lull duty, to the people of the Philippines
and etrtve by ever}' means to give them free
dom, contentment and prosperity. We have no
belief In the old slaveholders' doctrine that the
constitution of its own force marches into every
newly acquired territory, and this doctrine,
which we ciist out in l£C0, we still reject. We
don't mean that the Philippines shall come
without tariff system or become part of our
body politic. We do mean that they shall,
under our teaching, learn to govern themselves
and remain under our nag with the largest poc-
Fible meafure of borne rule. We make no hypo
critical pretenses of being interested In the
Philippines solely on account of others. While
we regard the welfare of those people as a
eacred trust, we regard the welfare of the
American jjeople first. We see our duty to our
selves as well as to others. We believe In trade
expansion. By every legitimate means within
the province of government and legislation we
oi^an to stimulate the expansion of our trade
ar.d to open n«>w markets. Greatest of all
markets Is China. Our trade there is growing
by leap* and bounds. Manila, the price of war,
fives us lneptimable advantages In devploping
that tradr. It is the cornerstone of our Eastern
jxiliey, and th<? brilliant diplomacy of John Hay
in securing from all nations a guarantee of our
treaty rights and of the open dr>or In China
v^ts ujKm '.t. We ask the American people
¦whether th<"y will throw away these new
markets and widening opportunities for trade
and commerce by putting In power the Demo
cratic parts', which peeks under cover of a new
ly discover*--:! affection for the rights of man to
Irive up tre?e islands -of the East and make
Dttrey's victory fruitless? The choice lies be
tween thl« I>emoeratic policy of retreat and the
Republican policy which would hold the Islands,
give them freedom and prosperity and enlarge
those great opportunities for ourselves and our
posterity. The Democratic attitude toward the*
Philippines rerts wholly upon the proposition
that the American people have neither the
capacity nor the honesty to d»al rightly with
these islands. They assume that we shall fall.
Continued From Second Page.
CONVENTION
PROCEEDINGS
¦- .¦ . -. : - - .. ¦> ...
POLK McCLfRE, ARKANSAS.
(?) Balloting.
(9) Call of roll of States, Territories. Alaska
and the District of Columbia for names of dele,
eates to serve respectively on committees to
Rule 15— No person, except members of the
several delegations and officers of the conven
tion, shall be admitted to that section of the
hall apportioned to delegates. ' •
Rule 16— The convention shall proceed In the
following order. of business: • ¦ ¦i.S«s,'»ft#*l?b«jHijjs|
(1) Report of the committee on credentials.
. (2) Report of the committee on permanent
organization. ¦
(2) Report of the committee on resolutions..
¦ (0 Naming members of National Committee.
(5) ' Presentation of names of candidates for
President. »..-:.' .
(6) Balloting.
¦ ' (7) Presentation of names. of candidates for
Vice President. •¦>BMMBMiWirWWfl>iaMT'"ff1 i 1TV*frT i
" Rule 14 — All resolutions relating. to tha plat
form shall be referred to the committee on reso-'
lutlons without debate.
Rule 13— The Republican National Committee
Is authorized and empowered to select an ex
ecutive committee to consist of nine members,"
who may or may not be members of the : na
tional committee. ¦ ; [ >: ¦
Rule 12 — A -Republican national committee
shall be appointed to consist of one member
from each State, Territory, Alaska and the Dis
trict of Columbia. The roll shall be called and
the delegation from each State.-- Territory.
Alaska and the District of. Columbia shall
name, through Ha chairman, a person who shall
oct as a member of such committee. Such,com
mit tee shall issue a call for the meeting or the
national convention within sixty. days at least
before the time fixed for said meeting:, and each
Congressional ¦ district id the United States
shall elect Its delegates to the national con
vention In the same way as the nomination for
a member of Congress 1b made Insatd district,
and in Territories the delegates to the conven
tion shall be vlected in the same way as anoml
nation of a delegate to Congress Is made; and
said National Committee shall prescribe . the
mode of electing the delegates for the District
of Columbia. An alternate delegate for each
delegate to the national convention, .to act in
case of the absence of the delegate, shall- be
elected In the same manner and at the same
time' as the delegate la elected. Delegates for
each State and their alternates shall be elected
by State conventions In their respective States.
Rule 11— No : member shall speak more than
once upon the same question, nor longer than
five minutes unless by leave of the convention,
except In the presentation of the names of the
candidates. .
votes cast for any candidate or for or against
any proposition; but If exception ia taken by
any delegate to the correctness of such an
nouncement by the chairman of his delegation
the president of the convention shall direct the
roll of members of such delegation to be called,
and the result shall be recorded in accordance
with the votes Individually given. . .
Rule 10— In the record of the votes the
vote of each State. Territory, Alaska
and the EHstrict of Columbia shall be
announced by ,the chairman; and in
case the vote of any State, Territory,
Alaska or District of Columbia shall be divided.
date shall have r received such majority, "the
chair shall direct the vote to-be, taken again,
which shall | be repeated until some candidate
shall' have received a majority, of the votes;
and when any State has announced Us vote It
shall so eland - unless In case of numerical
error. .«
Rule 9 — In making the nominations for Presi
dent and Vice Presidsnt, in no' case shall' the
calling of .the roll be dispensed with. When.lt
appoars:at the. close of any rollcall that any
candidate has received a majority of all the
votes to which the convention Is entitled the
president of the convention shall i announce the
question to be: .Shall the nomination of the
Rule "8 — When* a majority of the de-legates of
any two States shall demand that a vote be
recorded, the same shall be taken, by State,
Territories, Alaska and the District of Colum
bia, the secretary calling the roll of the States
and Territories, Alaska and the District or
Columbia In the- order heretofore established.
Rule 7— The report of the committee on cre
dentials, shall be disposed of before the report
of ¦ the committee on resolutions Is acted* upon,
and the report of the committee on resolutions
phall be disposed cf before the convention pro
ceeds to the nomination of. the candidate for
President and Vice President. . .
order, and next tho Territories, Alaska and
the-. District of Columbia. .
BY SENATOR ALLISON.
BY SENATOR WOLCOTT.
rr\ HIS convention afforded no
I contrast but a very favorable
JL comparison with political assem
blages of other years.
The mere fact that such an extra
ordinary Jntere-st.ls taken In the
Vice Presidential nomination shows
that national politics this year will
be as lively as ever.
There will be no apathy by rea
son of the fact that Mr. McKinley's
re-election Js assured, but the com
ing campaign will be In tlie nature
of a national Jubilee and ratification
of four years" of successful govern
mental administration.
rr\ HIS gathering certainly Is not
I lacking In dignity, and - although
I the renomination of President Me
¦*- Klnley is assured and the platform
adopted, the Vice Presidential nomi
nation is exciting more than its usual
interest. And this is a healthy sign
and augurs well for the success of the
Republican party. The party througn
its representatives In this convention
assembled will nominate Mr. McKln
ley by acclamation. This will be- a
most eloquent tribute, "Well done,
good and faithful servant." The party
at large, too. will select the Vice Pres
idential nominee. The choice will not
be voted by a few men,. as some .be
lieve The convention to-morrow will
act with perfect freedom, and I don t
believe any one can predict the nomi
nation with any degree of certainty..
SOUTH OPPOSED TO
QUAY'S AMENDMENT
I to which is added four delegates at large from
each State:
Attempt to Change the Basis of
Representation Will Be Bit
jl^^a^t ckd+p^ri
PHILADELPHIA. June 2D.-Th« , res
mmsmFB
proposition -was scdrctij a , T . presl
aroused by the contest for the \ Ice i-resi
on the basis of one delegat c f °^ e %ery
10 000 Republican votes cast at the pre
v oTs Kdentlal election ?*•&&£
tion was widely discussed at the time,
but after mature consideration the Na
tional Committee decided to take no ac
tion unon It At various times since the
Spin of' 1896 the question of chan C !n g
the basis of representation has been dls
cusseTinformally. the principal .argument
bv the advocates of a change being that
under the present rules the Southern
S Ses. upon which no reliance can be
placed for Republican electoral \otes,
proportionately have greater power in the
selection of candidates than those looking
alwavs to elect a Republican President
later at Washington Mr, Payne brought
forward his proposition. The committee,
however, decided that it had no authority
to take any action on the question. It
wis held that before the committee could
struct It to do so.
Text of Quay's Amendment.
Mr Payne dropped the matter at the
time so far as he personally was con
ceded but during the past ten days the
fire which had been smoldering burst
forth in the earnestness of the New Jer-
Eey delegation to take the question before
this convention. After General Binghum
had presented the report of the commit
?eT on rules former Senator Quay of
Pennsylvania arose and offered the fol
lowing resolution as an amendment to the
committee's report:
That hereafter each State shall be fnytled I to
four delegates at large and one additional dele
rate for each 10,000 votes or a majority, frac
tion thereof cast at the Presidential election for
Presidential electors and sir delesrates from
each organized Territory and the District of
Columbia and that the methods for the election
of euch delegates shall be provided for by the
National Committee. j^
The reading of the resolution was de
ceived with applause, particularly from
the New England, New York and Penn
sylvania delegates. Among the delegates
from the Southern States there was man
ifest uneasiness and It was evident in
stantly that if an effort were made to
adopt the resolution at once a lively scene
would be precipitated in the convention.
Audible objections were raised to prevent
consideration of the resolution and at the
suggestion of Mr. Quay, promptly sec
onded by General Blngham, it went over
until to-morrow. Chairman Lodge added
in response to a query that it would be
brought before the convention Immedi
ately after it assembled to-morrow: Sen
ator Quay sent to the clerk's desk the
following table: ' ¦
Statement showing number of delegates ac
cording to present basis, as compared with ba
t is of one delegate for each 10,000 votes major
ity or fraction thereof cast for McKlnley m
1SS6; alro compared with the number o£ dele
gates based upon equal representation as stated.
BY' SENATOR DEPEW.
IN point of popular interest thi3 con
vention lacks nothing. There may
be a little less of noisy demonstra
tion, but in its stead Is a dignity,
and seriousness that is Impressing. It
may be that this merely Is a reflection
of the character of our honored Presi
dent, or it may be only in keeping. with
the well-known Quaker characteristic ,
of this stalA old town of Philadelphia.
Philadelphlans are inclined to resent
the imputation of slowness as an as- •
person, but I have found one excep-
tlon. The elevator at the Hotel Wal
ton broke the other morning and was '
caught by the safety cogs before It.
had descended very far: . The_ negro .,
conductor called out:'- poWt-be.
alarmed, ladiesand gentlemen—don t be,
alaVmed. This is a Philadelphia eleva- ,
tor;, when the rope breaks ¦¦K goes
down slow."
BY JUDGE VAN FLEET.
rr^HIS is a splendid gathering of
I representative Republicans ar.r!
,1 I am proud to be a delegate to
¦*¦ this convention. I am assured
by veterans that it la made of the
choicest spirits of the party. Cer
tainly they are a fine looking body
of men. A3 for California's figure
in this convention It has always
been said that we are "too remote"
from the center of political activity
and the plum center (Washington)
to cut much figure or receive much
recognition or consideration. Yet
from the way we have been button
holed by Vice Presidential boomcrj,
I should say that our eighteen votes
are not to be despised and may po«
slbly turn the balance, for this Vice
Presidential contest is going to be a
close one.
BY; SENATOR THURSTON.
1 HAD the "honor of presiding over
the National Republican Conven
tion four. years ago, and when you
ask me- to contrast or compare this
one with that or with others I will say
that, the former request was possible
of compliance, while the latter Is a
pleasant task. This convention Is com
posed of as fine a body of men as I
• have ever seen In convention as
sembled. There is no lack of enthusi
asm, but what the convention lacks in
noisy demonstrations it has instead In
dignified and businesslike* procedure.
This convention hall seems to me to
-be equal to that at St. Louis four years
ago, which I thought. was one of the
grandest auditoriums I had ever seen
filled, with people. It la a noble and
sublime spectacle and impresses all
• beholders.
BY COLONEL GEORGE A. KNIGHT.
WELL, we are not 'having as
much fireworks is we have
had before, but we^Lpn't want
to disturb dead Quakers with
firecrackers nor worry the live ones
with, skyrockets. It Is not possible to
arouse much enthusiasm . without a
contest. The other* side will not even
make It Interesting for us this fall.
Mr. McKinley's renominatlon and elec
tion arc assured, but we are doing our
best to get up a little family scrap over
the Vice Presidency. The Democrats
will not make it interesting for us. bo
•we are trying to have fun at a game
of solitaire. You ask what figure Cal
ifornia will cut In this convention.
Well, she always cujs a pretty wide
dash In popularity.-
FROM MISSISSIPPI AND WAIT
ING FOR TlfcE CALL TO
ORDER.
then declared by Chairman Lodge to be
unanimously adopted.
Boll of States Called. »
The announcement of the adoption »»f
the platform was received with enthu
siastic cheers. Chairman Lodffe then
called for announcements from the vari
ous dflegatlons of National Committee
men and vice presidents.
Senator Fnraker of Ohio was In the cen
ter of the main aisle with his hand raised
for recognition.
"I was about to move to adjourn, Mr.
Chairman." said he. "but I withhold that
motion until the roll of States can be
called."
The call was begun then, each of thm
well-known and prominent as their names
¦were announced being greeted with ap
plause.
When former Senator Quay was an
nounced as the choice of the Pennaylva
nian delegation, far member or th« Na
tional Committee half of tho delegates and
hundreds of the spectators were on their
feet in an instant, cheering as if mad.
For the first time in the history of
American politics Hawaii was called on
the roll of a national convention. When
the newly acquired Territory was called
by Assistant Secretary Malloy Colonel
Samuel Parker rose and made his an
nouncement in a full, resonant voice.' He
was received with tremendous applause.
After the applause had subsided Senator
Foraker was recognized to make his mo
tion to adjourn until 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning. The motion prevailed without
dissent and at 3:13 p. m. the convention
adjourned.
HAWAII GIVEN
REPRESENTATION
Harold M Sewall National
Comroltteeman for trje
Islands.
PHILADELPHIA. June ».— After the
committee on credentials had voted rep
resentation to the Territory of H.iwall tha
delegation attending the convention from
that far off Pacific Island met and fully
organized. Harold M. Sewall. the son of
the Democratic Vice Presidential candi
date of 1S36, was elected National Commit
teeman. he thus having the honor to be
the first official representative on the Re
publican National Committee from any of
our new possessions. A. N. Kepoikal "was
elected a member of the platform com
mittee.
STRATEGY OF THE
SITUATION SHOWN
Murat Halstead Tells Why the Ad
ministration Will Be Upheld
HOTEL WALTON, PHILADEL
PHIA. June 20.— There Is to be a
" g-eneral muster "throughout the
country of tho elements that an
tagonize the Republican party.
The splendid success in peace and war of
the administration of * William McKlnley
has made a profound impression upon the
country and Is a chapter of history that
has come intimately to thV knowledge of
the civilized world.. It Is evident, not-
Withstanding, the strength of the admin
istration and the brilliancy and solidity
of the official record, that there is to be
a new test this summer of government
by the people and for tho people. The
test Is to be more directly made than
from the beginning | of our nationality,
whether public order and public credit
in the broadest and highest sense of the
words "order an\ credit". are to be main
tained at the polls without the lesson of
the misfortunes that the triumph of dis
order and repudiation would Inflict upon
the country. Wo shall no doubt in time
come around all right whatever happens
this year. The question is whether fur
ther experiments are to bo tried with the
bread and butter of the people, and
whether' the preservation of order Is to
be an accepted and proven function of
the government that finds its Inspiration
in the Declaration of Independence and its
consolidation in the ' constitution of the
United Spates. : Tho problem is the estab-,
lishment of the largest liberties and theh
identification with the preservation firmly
of the restraints upon anarchial and re
pudiating passions and inclination by the
consistent, thorough, judicial and deter
mined enforcement of the laws.
Will Support the Ticket.
The great organization, In national con
vention assembled ' in the city of Phila
delphia, must assert for itself tho highest
functions, and when the work Is done, the
turmoil of contentions over, all loyal Re
publicans will support with their utmost
ability. the ticket and the platform. The
public opinion of the country settled en
tirely before the convention was called
that the beet happening at the turn of
the century would "be to open the new
as. tho old was closed, with an adminis
tration by William McKlnJey.
The convention is on the sunrise side of
the continent, the splendid, historical,
ample city of Philadelphia. The President
of the United States, as the country ex
panded under the policy of the fathers
during the nineteenth century, is not j,
citizen of a Western State. The center of
population has gone beyond the State of
Ohio, where it rested so long. It Is located
in the State of Indiana, between the capi-
Tho fighting ground for this campaign
is west of the valley of the Ohio. That
In the great majority of the national con
troversies of the last half certtury has
beeTi the central and In proportion greater
than the- population of the controlling:
area of the country. The contested States
are not of New England or on the At
lantic coast north of the Potomac. They
are west of the Mississippi, on the tribu
taries of the majestic Missouri, on the
slopes of the Rocky Mountains, and are
alongside the rivers that run Into the
greater ocean of the giobe, where we. the
people of the United States, have a great
er interest than any other people. We have
Our Pacific States and our Pacific archi
pelagoes. The battle is between the Mis
sissippi and the Pacific— and the nomina
tion of the Vice President must, if the
common prudence of common sense Is to
rule the councils of those who are poten
tial, be made upon the consideration
whether the candidate Is unqualifiedly,
absolutely; acceptable to the people of the
States that are the battlefields. All per-
Bonal ambition and preference should be
wiped out of "the way that the second
place of the ticket may be filled, bo that
the strength twe are sure of In the first
place sh*Jl be reinforced.
Political nre often likened to
the game" with "the Iron dice" of war and
the lesson of all wars, political as well as
military. Is to muster, equip and command
the forces that enter the field so that they
shall be strongest at the points where the
cause is to be lost or won.
Fighting Ground of Campaign.
By MURAT HALSTEAD,
Special Correspondent of The Call.
tal of that State and the Ohio River.
When we cross the Mississippi River, go-
Ing'westward from the national capital,
we have not reached the geographical
center of the United States. The West 13
farther west. The Republicans are natur
ally confident In their power to carry witu
them the people at large for the ticket
and the platform o( this convention
through a campaign that will close tri
umphantly for a second term of the Mc-
Klnley administration. It Is, however
strong, the confidence, the duty of the
managers of. the party to do that which
will multiply. the chances of victory and
Increase the.. magnitude of the margins by
which we are winning. It -'Is Impossible
to believe thai the great commercial and
manufacturing* Eastern States, where in
dustry has been In the greater degree
educated and v capital ' has had the most
considerable Increase, will be moved to
the madness of destroying the foundations
of the structure of our prosperity as a
people. -
REPRESENTATIVE MEN WIRE THEIR VIEWS.
Noted Eastern and Western Leaders at Philadelphia
Compare the Present "With Former National
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; JUNE 21, 1900.
Senator Quay was recognized as the
reading 'of the report was concluded and
was greeted enthusiastically as he stepped
into the middle aisle td offer an amend
ment to thp rules. This embodied the
proposition to reduce the representation
from the several States, giving one dele
gate for ¦ each ten thousand votes cast,
with four delegates at large for each.
There were calls for Quay to take the
platform, but he shook his head and sent
to the clerk's desk a« lengthy statement
showing the effect of the proposed new
rule.
S The famous "Poker Jack" McClure pro
tested against the proposed amendment,
but was ruled out of order. Senator Quay
himself finally interrupted the reading,
which was long, but he could not be
heard, and Senator; Foraker suggested
that he take the platform. The demand
was immediately taken up by the vast au
dience and followed by, a roar of cheers.
Colonel Quay moved up to the stage. For
several minutes he could not proceed
owing to the demonstration. When order
had been restored Mr. Quay suggested
that as the statement was long and would
be printed in the afternoon papers action
upon his proposition; which only affected
Quay Offers an Amendment.
notify the nominees for President and Vice
President of their selection for Bald office.
4
FILLET OF MISSOURI.
I Represe;
STATES. -7-!
Pres'nt
¦ntatlon.
i" "—
Alabama 2 jj
Arkansas 16
California ¦••
Colorado t 8
Connecticut 12
E>elaware s
Florida . 8
Goorfrla 6 '
I.lahc 6
Illinois .<*..
Indiana ••••• 3*
Iowa • •••• " r>
Kansas 20
Kentucky 26
I»ulslana 16
Maine ;..\.... 13
Maryland ¦ • ' 16
Massachusetts 20.
Michigan : 2S-.
Minnesota. IS
Mississippi . 18
Missouri ...'.... .'.. 34
Montana 6
Nebraska .18
Neva'la 6
Npw Hampshire 8
New Jersey JO
New York '.. 72
North Carolina 22
North Dakota : 6
Ohio i ...-.......,;.: 48
Oregon 8
PennHylvanla C4
Hhode Island 8
Houth Carolina 18
South Dakota 8
Tennessee ...'..." ~. 21
Texas 30
I'tah , 6
Vermont - S
Virginia 24
"Washington 8
West Virginia 13
¦Wisconsin 24
'Wyoming , 6
P' posed i
~» -
8
19
T v
•15
6
5
10
" - 5
"63
.' 36
33
20' i
26 -
6
- : 12
18
32
33
23 -
5
. 31-'
5
14
5
10
26
86'
20
J.67
9
"77
8
6
' 8 '
19
' 21
5
9
18
8
'-¦ * l* ¦•¦¦¦'
31
6
• . i_ . j.
|
Totals .....'. 894
nsr~
I Represe;
STATES. -7-!
Pres'nt
¦ntatlon.
i" "—
Alabama 2 jj
Arkansas 16
California ¦••
Colorado t 8
Connecticut 12
E>elaware s
Florida . 8
Goorfrla 6 '
I.lahc 6
Illinois .<*..
Indiana ••••• 3*
Iowa • •••• " r>
Kansas 20
Kentucky 26
I»ulslana 16
Maine ;..\.... 13
Maryland ¦ • ' 16
Massachusetts 20.
Michigan : 2S-.
Minnesota. IS
Mississippi . 18
Missouri ...'.... .'.. 34
Montana 6
Nebraska .18
Neva'la 6
Npw Hampshire 8
New Jersey JO
New York '.. 72
North Carolina 22
North Dakota : 6
Ohio i ...-.......,;.: 48
Oregon 8
PennHylvanla C4
Hhode Island 8
Houth Carolina 18
South Dakota 8
Tennessee ...'..." ~. 21
Texas 30
I'tah , 6
Vermont - S
Virginia 24
"Washington 8
West Virginia 13
¦Wisconsin 24
'Wyoming , 6
P' posed i
~» -
8
19
T v
•15
6
5
10
" - 5
"63
.' 36
33
20' i
26 -
6
- : 12
18
32
33
23 -
5
. 31-'
5
14
5
10
26
86'
20
J.67
9
"77
8
6
' 8 '
19
' 21
5
9
18
8
'-¦ * l* ¦•¦¦¦'
31
6
• . i_ . j.
|
Totals .....'. 894
nsr~
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellet3 should be
used with n Discovery " where a laxative
is required.
*I can lay to you, 1 one bottle of yottr * Golden
Medical Discovery * has cured me sound and
well, after suffering two lone years with stom-
ach disease." write* W. H. Braswell, of McAdsa-
Tllle, Gaston Co., N. C. "My health is worth all
the world to me. . I win praise you as Ions as
I live."
There's something about the little
black dress that touches a man in a very
tender spot. He pats the little one on
the head, puts some pennies in her hand,
swallows nard and then— starts out to
make his own children fatherless. There
is no doubt that many a man is taken
from his family by* neglect of simple
precautions which would preserve his
health. Disease generally begins nowa-
days in w stomach trouble 1 * because the
meals are hasty and the food not di-
gested. From that beginning come dis-
orders of the blood, -liver, kidneys, heart
or nerves. The use of Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery, for diseases
of the organs of digestion and nutrition
will avert the catastrophe of more seri-
ous disease. It strengthena the stomach,
purifies the blood, nourishes the nerves,
and builds men up in both brain and
.body.
F&$hes*I!es&.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
DO YOU GET UP
WITH A LAME BACK?
Kidney Trouble Makes You Miserable.
Almost everybody who reads the news-
pipers is sure to know cf the wonderful
[5 |j rf>\ I cures made by Dr.
— 'P^y—rf^j j[ Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
8 C^J] j the great kidney, liver
h tfrz$5~r.) I- ant^ c ' aQ "der remedy.
-j \*J\ ' cal triumph cf the nine-
\VJj\ If teenth century; dis-
\fclBt' SI covere d a * tcr years of
Jl ft — if J «-*"" -M scientific research by
At~\ r^i^ Dr< Kilmer - the cml -
i] . _ii^«i~ - * nent Sidney and blad-
j ..I., . >_ i"ST- - ,j cr specialist, and is
v/cnderfully successful in promptly curing
hir.e back, kidney, bladder, uric acid trou-
bles and Bright's Disease, which is the wcrst
form cf kidney trouble.
Dr. Kilmer's Swcmp-Root is not rec-
aamended for everything but if you have kid-
ney, liver cr bladder trouble It will be foutid
just the Tcznziy y cu need. 1 1 has been tested
In so many ways, in hospital work, in private
practice, arncng ths helpless too poor to pur-
chase relief and has proved so successful in
every case, that a special arrangement has
been :r.:id- by which all readers of this paper
v.-ho have net already tried it, may have a
cample bottle ser.t free by mail, also a book
telling mere about Swamp-Roct and how to
find out if you hav^s kidney or bladder trouble.
When writing mention reading this generous
effer in this paper and FjJl**-!
tend your address to tfriluPwigEO^ijgfr
Dr. Kilmer & Cc.Eir.g- g%^£pg
regular fifty cent and Hone of BwM3j>.Rooti
dollar sires are sold by all good druggists.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
XXV - j ifanx wjjq v\\t * I St ysJ^^jt vj* T*j\I VIs possible that the admiral means him
self, at Taku, heard heavy firing in pro
gress at Tientsin, thirty miles distant,
though with an open river above him to
that point and gunboats capable of navi
gating the channel lying at Tientsin, it
would seem that he should har£ oeen able
In that case to ascertain what the firing
meant in the two days that elapsed before
the date of the dispatch.
Naval officers generally bitterly regret
that Admiral Kempff was not in the fight
ing at Taku. . Up to the receipt of his
dispatch this afternoon they had continu
ed to hope, even in the face, of the for
eign reports to the contrary, that the
American naval forces had taken some
part In repelling the attack of the
Chinese forts. But the admiral's state
ment that the forts were captured by the
other foreign forces dismissed that hope.
Tho prevailing Idea among the naval of
ficers is that the reduction of these forts
was absolutely necessary to the safe
progress of any international relief ex
pedition to- Peking and • that Admiral
Kempff should have found It to have been
within his duty in the protection of "al!
American, interests," to' have borne his
part In the burden. - Much depends, how
ever, on the exact terms of his instruc
tions, and in fact It is riot known definite
ly whether, or not he actually received ail
of his instructions. : The responsible of
ficials therefore are making no criticisms
of the admiral's conduct.
The administration- Is said to be *verv
much embarrassed because of- the, length
of time which necessarily will elapse be
fore the United States military reinforce
ments reach China. When General Mac-
Arthur at Manila received Instructions to
send a regiment of infantry to Taku with
all possible dispatch it was impossible. for
him to comply Immediately because of
raging storms. Had the order for the
troops been . issued when the troubles at
Peking were reported to be inevitable, r It
is more than likely that the troops in the
Philippines would have started before the
prevailing typhoon made. such a step im
possible and would now be on Chinese
soil. s ¦
There Is every assurance that General
MacArthur executed his instructions as
promptly as possible, and ; that tho ; delay
in the departure of the troops was due en
tirely . r to conditions that could not ; have
been -anticipated or guarded against. ,*"-v
An evidence of the total unpreparedness
of the foreign colony In Peking for ' the
was damaged. Besides the above Admiral
Alexejeff says the French warship Lion,
the British Algerine and the German gun
boat lltrls participated In the engage
ment.
TRAINING SHIP BUFFALO
' IS ORDERED TO SEA
SOUTHAMPTON, June 2O.-Hurry or
ders have been Issued for the cleaning of
the United States training ship Buffalo.
All leaves of absence have been canceled
and all hands have been ordered on board
to-night In order that the Buffalo will be
ready to sail to-morrow mornjng. Her of
ficers claim they do not know her destina
tion, but believe she is bound for China.
The Buffalo was scheduled to go to
Christisnia and thence to the United
States, but these orders are said to have
been revoked. It is claimed she has
about 700 men on board. The United
States cruiser Albany cannot leave for a
month, owing to lack of equipment.
An Associated Press dispatch from
Washington said that the Buffalo with 200
landsmen aboard has been ordered at onct
from Southampton to the Philippines.
MERCHANT STEAMERS MAY
NOT GO TO TIENTSIN
SHANGHAI, June 2O.-The Peking news
wired to-day emanated from the adminis
trator of the Chinese telegraphs: It is as
follows: i
Merchant tteamera are not allowed to
proceed to Tientsin, and vessels on their
way there have returned to Chefu.
Correspondence • with Tientsin «s diffi
cult. The Chinese Merchants' Company
has ceased sending 1 vessels northward.
It Is learned authentically that an-un
derstanding exists between Great Britain
and the Viceroys of Nan Chung and Wa
Chang, which uccounts for the quietness
In the Yang-tse-Kiang Valley. .
It Is reported that SIu Is executing large
bodies of suspects daily.
The British armored cruiser Undaunted
arrived at . Woo Sung yesterday . and
cleared for, action while passing the forts
as a precautionary measure.
mated at 500 killed. Tho losses of the for
eigners were trifling. ¦ ,
The exact state of affairs inside Peking
It Is Impossible to describe In view of the
many conflicting reports, nothing having
been received from the legations or for
eigners there.
Surprise Is expressed at the fact that a
large force of Indian troops has not been
ordered here.
MANDARINS COMPELLED TO
KOW TOW TO BOXERS
SHANGHAI, June 20.— Telegrams from
Tientsin, dated June 15, and forwarded
by post, say that the foreign missionaries
at Pao Ting.Fu are safe, being- guarded
by the troops of General Nleh. Twenty
five Americans, with a Gatling gun, have
arrived. In the foreign settlement the
chapels have been burned and the mission
stations of the American Board of For
eign Missions of the Methodist Episcopal
Church and of the London Missionary
Society are practically in the hands of the
Boxers.
The local authorities are paralyzed.
Sympathetic mandarins are ordered out In
sedan chairs and compelled to "kow tow"
to the Boxers in the streets. All foreign
servants are deserting their masters.
The United States gunboat Monacacy,
the Russian battleship Navarin .and- the
French cruiser Pascal have arrived. The
German protected- cruiser Kalserin ¦ Au
gusta has departed for Taku. "
ADMIRAL KEMPFF SENDS .
A BRIEF MESSAGE
WASHINGTON, June 20.— The Navy De
partment has Just given out the following
statement regarding the contents of a dis
patch from Admiral Kempff brought '.to
Chefu from Taku," and forwarded by Com
mander Tausslg ; of the Yorktown :
The department has received a cablegram
from Admiral Kempff, dated June 20. He says
the Taku forts .were captured by the other for
elffn forces; that heavy . firing .was heard at
Tientsin on the eveninc of the 17th -inst. .He
is making common. cause with. the foreign pow
ers for general protection; There are 300 Amcrl-
From the London Graphic.
The Anti-Foreign Movement in China— Boxers Undergoing: Punishment Object to Being Photographed. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY. June 20.— Fred Fella, a
Castrovllle man who wa3 arrested Satur
dav for battery on a complaint sworn to
by'W. H. jlclntire, was yesterday taken,
before the Lunacy Commission of thi3
county to be examined. He was adjudged
Insane and will be at once committed to
Aaniews Insane Asylum. The principal
witness In the case was tho young man s
father.
Belief for Coghlan.
"WASHINGTON. June 20.— Commander
W. T. Burtwell has been ordered to duty
In command of the Puget Sound naval
station at Bremerton, Wash., relieving
Captain J. B. Coghlan. placed on waiting
orders. Commander F. P. Gilmore has
been detached from command of the Lu
zon at Cavite and ordered home for re
tirement.
Adjudged Insane.
Adopts Constitution for the Irish
League and Denounces the
African War.
DtTBLIN. June 20.— The Nationalist con
vention, which opened here yesterday un
der the presidency of John Redmond,
chairman of the United Irish Parliamen
tary party, concluded its sessions to-day.
The convention adooted a constitution
for the United Irish League, the provi
sions including the abolition of the right
of the crown to challenge Jurors tn politi
cal cases, except for cause, tho repeal of
the treason-felony and arms acts, educa
tional equality for Catholics, compulsory
extension of the laws providing agricul
tural laborers with cottages and acre al
lotments and similar demands.
William Redmond proposed a resolution
condemning the war In South Africa and
expressing a hope that the two republics
would maintain their independence. Thia
was adopted.
IRISH NATIONALIST
CONVENTION ADJOURNS
"WASHINGTON, . June 20.— Assistant
Secretary Taylor to-day rendered a de
cision adverse to "the appeal of James
Fitzharris and Joseph Mullet from the
decision of the Immigration officials at
New York, who held them for deportation
on the ground that having been convicted
of felony In connection with the murder
of Lord Cavendish and Thomas Henry
Burke in Phoenix Park, imblln, in -18S2.
they cannot be permitted to land in this
country under our immigration laws. In
concluding his opinion on which the de
cision is based the Solicitor of the Treas
ury says:
• "I uo not think the heinous crime In
which Fitzharris and Mullet participated
and for which they were found guilty can
be Justly dignified as a political offense
and therefore discriminated from the or
dinary crime of assassination and mur
der and I must advise you that after care
ful consideration of this case that my
opinion is: First, that the crime for
which Fitzharris and Mullet were con
victed and sentenced was murder In the
ordinary sense and cannot be classed -as
a political offense. Second, that Fitzhar
ris, having only a conditional pardon,
could not have been admitted even under
the acts of 1893 or 18S2. Third, that Mul
let even- if his pardon is full and uncon
ditional • is excluded by the act of 1S91:
and. fourth, that the action of the board
of inspectors denying a landing to these
immigrants on the ground that they had
been convicted of felony should be sus
tained."
The men will be deported on vessela
sailing next Saturday.
Fitzharris and Mullet Will Be De
ported by Order of the Treas
ury Department.
PHOENIX PARK MURDERERS
WILL NOT BE ADMITTED
HONGKONG, June 21.-The Chinese ex
pect trouble at Canton on the departure
of LI Huns Chang for Peking-. It is ru
mored that the forts have received orders
to fire on any. foreign warship attempting
to pass. A gunboat Is kept under steam
in case of emergency. There is no war
ship at Canton.- ". •
FORTS ORDERED TO FIRE
ON FOREIGN WARSHIPS
The North German Lloyd steamers
Frankfort and Witteklnd have been char
tered to transport German marines to
China. They will leave in about a week.
• • . ¦'/-'.-¦ . r •
BERLIN, June 20.— The German Consul
at Chefu has been instructed to consult
with the commander of the German
squadron with a view to establishing
postal connection with Taku.
transports, with 1300 men and 100 horses,
sailed to-day . from Japan for Taku; that
COO Japanese troops, have already landed
and that five Japanese war vessels are
now at Taku. He adds that the Japanese
Government is prepared to send additional
forces should the necessity arise.
WILL TRANSPORT GERMAN
MARINES TO CHINA
'.. CINCINNATI, June 20.— ED. Graf ton,
a water-color artist of national reputa
tion,'died at his home here tc~nlghr. He
was 8S years old and had practiced his art
in Cincinnati over fifty years. ,
Death of an Artist
KINGSTON. Jam.. June 20.— The British
steamer William Cliff, from Colon, arrived
to-day and reported that when she left
Colon June 18, Panama was still In pos
session of the Government, but it was be
lieved Panama would be surrendered to
the rebels.
Soon Surrender.
Belief Expressed That Panama May
HARASSED BY REBELS.
•T ONDON, June 21. 3:20 a. m.— The re-
I ports of Admiral Seymour's arrival
I at Peking and of the safety cf the
I - foreign legations, originating from
Chinese sources and cabled to this
city frcm Shanghai, are still unverified.
However, the Italian Consul at Shanghai
b&s wired to the Italian Foreign Minister,
Marquis Visconti Venotta, that the lega
tions are safe.
The rebellion is spreading far and wide.
There is an impression in diplomatic cir
cles here and on the Continent that the
allies have not grappled with the situation
effectively and that even W,000 troops
would be powerless to <2o much to control
4.000,000 square miles.
The latest stcry sent out by the Shang
hai gossips is that Prince Tuan. president
cf the Tsung L! Tamcn. has burned the
Imperial palace at Peking and murdered
the Emneror and that the Empress Dowa
cer has committed suicide.
The effect of the bombardment of the
Taku forts, as described by the Shanghai
correspondents, was gory in the extreme,
nothing less than "rivers of blood" and
"mutilated corpses plied up inside the
forts."
The Russians guarding Tientsin, accord-
Ing to another report, fired artillery and
rifles June 15 at a. range of fifty yards into
the dense crowds of attacking Boxers and
killed 200. '.,
Japan, according to a dispatch to the
Daily Mall from Yokohama, intends to
land an expedition at Fuchau.
TRANSPORT THOMAS
IS STILL AT SEA
"WASHINGTON'. June 20.— The dispatch
from Shanghai last night to the effect
that the United States transport Thomas
with troops from Manila was diverted at
Nagasaki and had arrived at Taku with
1200 men is said by War Department of
liciaJs to be without foundation.
MISSIONARIES CARRIED
OFF BY THE CHINESE
The Thomas sailed from San Francisco
June 16 "and it is, of course, impossible
that she could have arrived at Nagasaki.
The Government is in a position to for-
Trard reinforcements to China from San
Francisco without the loss of much time,
as arrangements already have been com
pleted for the dispatch of two squadrons
of the Sixth Cavalry, numbering about 900
men, and a battalion of marines, num
bering 23) men. to Manila by the trans
port Grant, which is scheduled to sail
from San Francisco about the 1st prox.
The original Intention wa3 to send this
force to Manila for the relief of volun
teer troops to be brought home for dis
charge June SO next. In czse it ia desired
it will be a simple matter to change the
destination of the Grant from Manila to
Taku and by so doing place over 1900 well
drilled troops at the disposal of the of
ficer in command of the American forces
In China. The Grant is a fast ship and
can mako the run between San Francisco
and Taku in about thirty days. Such
assignment would have a double purpose.
It would augment the strength of the
American forces in China and at the same
time serve to render unnecessary a further
depletion of the garrisons in the Philip
pines, a course, which, it is said, would be
somewhat embarrassing to General Mac-
Arthur In the execution of his plans for
the preservation of order in the distant
Islands.
WASHINGTON. June 20.— The naval of
ficers take pome comfort from the report
of the French Consul x.t Shantung, trans
mitted by Consul Fowler, to the effect
that the missionaries at Tsar.g Chow were
carried off alive by the Chinese general.
The hope is entertained that the mission
aries were carried off to insure their pro
tection and evidence that the Chinese
troops at that point are not acting with
the Boxers. • -
Owing to the vague character of the
French Consul's report, however. It may
be said that this Inference Is somewhat
"ffls eaid at the State Department that
(the whole effort of the Government at
this juncture is devoted to the re-estab-
I'fhnipnt of communication with Admiral
Kemvtt and Minister Conger. That was
the burden of the talk at the White House
conference this morning and the action
cf the United States Consul at Chefu In
promptly chartering a vessel to push the
Government's messages as far along as
possible has, in large part, solved the*
P It b 'wS declared by the officials to-day
that no additional reinforcements, naval
or military have been ordered to China.
The'eunbo'ats Princeton and Marietta and
the supply ship Zafiro are lying at Cavite.
readv to sail for Taku at a moment's no
tice, "but the word has not yet been given.
FRENCH RESIDENTS AT ¦
YUN NAN FU ATTACKED
PARIS. June 20.— The French Consul at
Mongrtse cables that he has received from
M. Francois, French Consul at Yun Nan
Fu. the following telegram, dated June 15:
Wer* attacked June 10 on Reaving Yun Nan Fu
end were farced to return to the town, ah our
tar cage was rifled and the missions and ral -
road bul'.dins* w«-re burned, except n>v resi
dence where I had gathered our countrymen
tnd which we <J«-ren<5ed without ri«W
After twenty-four hour*, the mandarins nay
lnjr at Urt taken measures. I called upon them
to conduct us to the frontier, and I expect them
to answer for the safety of the roads.
It 1« ursmt that the Government snouia ae
rcand peremptorily that we be J >e " nl "tU£
lT'a?e oW we are like prisoners, but the Frf-nch
troepi in Indo-Chlna must not cross the fron-,
tier. AH the Frenchmen are safe at the pres
ent rncment.
The Consul at Mongtse adds that the
situation there Is still critical. Alarms
ore frequent, but thus far there have been
no serious incidents.
The dispatch from M. Francois. is a day
later than the last previous news.
6T. PETERSBURG, June 20.— Vice Ad>
RUSSIAN LOSSES AT.
THE TAKING OF TAKU
mlral Alexejeff, from Port Arthur, re
porting the capture of the Taku forts,
saye the bombarding fleet was command
ed* by the Russian captain. Dubrowolski,
as senior officer present. The Kussian
JosEes were two lieutenants killed, one se
verely and one slightly wounded and six
teen "men killed and sixty-seven wounded.
The gunboat Giljak was seriously dam
aged by a shell below the water line and
must be docked for repairs. The gunboat
Korejez was leaking in six places and had
her cabin destroyed. The gunboat Bobr
cans ashore. On May SI the number of foreign
troops at Pektns was 430. There are 6000 men
ashore now at Chefu. and about 3000 troops —
Russian, German and English — have Just ar
rived.
Owing to the disinclination of Acting
Secretary Hackett to take the responsi
bility uJJon his shoulcers of making public
portions of Admiral Kempff's dispatch. It
was late in the afternoon before the Presi
dent had given his approval that the
rather meager statement of the admiral's
communication be given out.
It was then found to contain little that
Is new. Persistent inquiry developed the
fact that the date of the cablegram was
Cheru, June 20. The admiral's state
ment that heavy firing was heard at Tien
tsin on the evening of the 17th Is possibly
the base of the report current that Peking
wa3 attacked that day by the foreign col
umn, although it seems incredible that
the sound of anq such artillery could
be heard seventy-five miles, the dis
tance from Peking to Tlenstin. It
Wire communication between Tientsin
and Peking Is impossible. The foreign
officials here are totally ignorant of the
state of affairs in the north.
SEYMOUR'S COLUMN
ARRIVES AT PEKING
LONDON. June 20.— A news agency dis
patch from Shanghai, dated June 20. says:
After an arduous march and frequent
fighting with the Chinese, Vice Admiral
Seymour arrived at Peking Sunday after
noon. On five occasions the Chinese at
tacked the column in great force. There
were many mounted men among the Chi
nese, but most of the natives -were badly
armed. At times they fought with admir
able courage and bravery. The losses of
the Chinese during the march are esti-
WASHINGTON, June 20.— The American
Minister at Toklo telegraphs that two
Boxers* uprising is afforded by a report of
the State Department from Mr.» Conger,
in which he wrote from Peking April 6
that he had succeeded in obtaining per
mission from the Tsung Li Yamen to ad
mit free of duty the goods to be placed on
exhibition in the American warehouse in'
Shanghai, to be established by the Na
tional Association of Manufacturers.
Bond was to be given that none of the
goods would be sold.
Evidently the American Minister was
zealously devoting his attention to the in
troduction of American- wares in China
without apprehension of a reactionary
movement.
MORE JAPANESE TROOPS ; ,i
ARE BOUND FOR TAKU
CHINESE GOVERNMENT RESPONSIBLE.
BERLIN, June 20.— "The responsibility of the Chinese Government for recent events," said a high official of the
Foreign Office, "Is now clearly proven. It has been ascertained that 10.000 Chinese troops, who deserted to the Boxers,
aid so under direct orders from the Chinese Government. Promotion to the highest positions of notorious anti-Euro
pean officials also points in the same direction. This is a war of Chfna against all foreigners, including Germany, and
the proper method now is to go ahead vigorously, quickly and resolutely,' no matter what the final outcome may be."
An inspired article in to-day's Kreuz Zeitung says: "Prompt and effective measures must be taken, even if the
volunteer corps from the regular army is sent out, as the present German forces are insufficient." '¦'/.'!*;
The Berliner Tageblatt, which reliably reflects the view of political circles in Berlin, says: "A power which is
unable in time of peace to protect envoys accredited to it from its own has ceased to exist as a state. We do
not doubt that all Cabinets are^lnspired by determination to save what canbe saved."
The Government has ordered the German Consul at Chefu to establish service by sea between Chefu and
Taku Immediately. The gunboat Leichs. which arrived at Kiel yesterday destined for South America, has been ordered
to proceed to China and is hastily preparing to sail to-morrow. The new armored cruiser Fuerst Bismarck is under
orders to be ready to sail for China "within a week. The naval authorities In the shipyard at Kiel are showing extra
ordinary activity. An order has been Issued directing: that marines whose terms of service expire next month shall be
retained in the service. .Major General von-Hoepfer will command the battalions of marines sent to China,
The Berliner Tageblatt says: "A private dispatch from St. Petersburg asserts that Russia has landed 9000 men,
who will not place themselves under the command of Admiral Seymour, but will act independently." .
Rumored That The Palace Has Been Burned,
the Emperor Murdered and the Dowager
Has Committed Suicide.
REBELLION IN CHINA IS
SPREADING FAR AND WIDE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 21, 1900.
5
"This spring I contracted an ag-
gravating cold, having been exposed
to the damp weather. Catarrh of my
throat and head followed, which per-
sisted in remaining, notwithstanding
I applied tho usual remedies.
"Reading cf the merits of Peruna lu
the papers. I decided to try it and soon
found that all that has been said of your
taertlclne in such cases Is true.
"I am very pleased with the satisfactory
The annual production of Jute fabrics In
Germany now amounts to $11,900,000 in
value.
SAFEST AND BEST INVESTMENT BEFORE THE PUBLIC TO-DAY.
PEOPLE'S MUTUAL TELEPHONE COMPANY,
CAPITAL STOCK $5,000,000. 5O.OOO SHARES OF $100 EACH.
Is tho owner of the most valuable Telephone Franchise In the
United States. PBH
Has 35OO contracts for use of Its telephones.
Has assured net lncome»of over $100,000 a year.
CIVES city FREE telephones aod switching In all clcy offices: FREE F'r»
and Police Department wires.
CIVES city telephone users $2,000.030— 20.000 shares of Its. stsctt for using Its
phones.
.Charges lower rates thai} Bell Corrjpany.
Will pay 10 per. cent dividends on Its sto^K If supported by telephone ussrs.
GUARANTEES that no asszssment will ever bi levied on Its stock-
Will keep trillions of dollars In California that new go to Eastern capitalists.
ONLY 5OOO SHARES for sale, for construction purposss. at $25 OO'a s bar*.
payable In roontljiy Installments of $5.00. Last day for subscription Juq*
Z0. 1900.
Full Information furnished on application to
PEOPLE'S MUTUAL TELEPHONE COMPANY,
aKSt 208 Sarsorr.e Street, San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EMPOBITJM.
THE EHFCRITJM.
Mrs. Mary Lawler.
results obtained from using Peruna," am
entirely well, and consider it a most valu-
able family medicine."
Catching cold"<in the summer is a more
frequent occurrence than is most gen-
erally supposed. Winter Is generally sup-
posed to be the time for colds. But ccol
nights alternating with hot days, sudden
showers, following sultry heat, profuse
perspiration and coolinfr draughts, are all
peculiar to summer, which causes a mul-
titude of people to catch cold.
Mrs. Mary Lawler. of Appleton. Wis..
•was cured of an annoying summer cold
by Peruna. In a.
recent letter to I
Dr. Hartman. she /5$St!c$ik.
"Last August I iV '^]
caught a sum- Ya^ «rt|i '•
mer cold which 1^7 v %n M \
settled in the kid- \ 6^1 ffjP&.i
neys and caused * i/V* /, :',r . t,.i'|J,i
me serious ir.con- /,!•, . ¦ j/s^B^^MMjWl
ver.ience. Noth- fc&*iK££&15£'*3\\»y
ir.g I did seemed Wgr^Mw&Sr
to help me and * as e?vJS>£liSi t -' ¦
the doctor • ad- Mrs. Mary Lawler. '
vised a change 01 ¦
climate. As that ••; -¦¦
was out of the question for me, I. tried
Peruna as a last resort and I found It was
a Godsend to me."
Summer colds require prompt treat-
ment. They are always grave and some-
times dangerous. The promptness and
surety nith which Peruna acts in
those cases has savad many lives. A
large dose of Peruna should be taken at
the first appearance of a cold in summer,
followed by small and oft repeated doses.
There is no qther remedy that medical
science can furnish so reliable and quick
in its action "as Pcruna. .
Address The Peruna Medicine Com-
pany. Columbus, Ohio, for a free book en-
titled "Summer Catarrh," which treats of
the catarrhal diseases peculiar to sum-
mer.
Require Prompt Treatment,
SUMMER COLDS
Mrs. Henrlette C. Olbcrg-. superintend-
ent flax and hemp exhibit at the Omana
Exhibition, writes from Albert Lea.
Minn., her recent experience with Peruna.
She says:
Let Us Sell You a
\ Twenty Dollar «jj||> ip*
r You can select any $20.00 suit VlS^I^^\4vV
r in the store, and there are several $$& vpHA
| 'hundreds of them. We give you kS&
i until do .ing time Samrdav night ¥0&&&&L!y
| to. avail yourself of this very $1 Nftitf
| liberal offer. You can have a ¦•¦-^ |||i$l||f |f$i\$S&
? sack suit (single or double & «vJF&V^
I breasted), a cutaway frock or the ||| §|| I 1 |fn w
I more formal Prince Albert style •vl Vw
r of " coat. The materials are gig Bey • y| I Mp
I plain and fancy worsteds, nobby iff ¦ j ;;! j vfc ,
• worsted cheviots, cassimeres and jp SH |jj vl;
• serges, all in thi3 season's newest |p pa '/fi ik
! and most-in-demand patterns and *1 H M Ik
I colorings. Tho suits were made £J pJ __' >
1 by the most ekiliful manufactur- W^^pr. &G~=^-
\ ing tailors in America, and will g«c=-
; be found faultless in fit and finish. Thursday, Friday and
• Saturday, at one-fifth off the regular price, your &*£» #fi#l
! choice for '
: Pants at One-Quar- Boys Coarse Rough \
ter Off the Regular Braid Sailor
Prices. Hats 39 c ;ggggi
. We have SOD pairs of Pants, the match- The prettv stylo Ipfeft^"^-frf^ "
irg coats and vests of which bara been s hown ia il'.ustra- WV*-o« >.-4\
sold. The materii's are worateds and on> p] am \rhite vjr* *•- fcs
cheviots, in stylhh patterns, plain w j tn f ancv co i ore( j
serge?/ black c'aj worsteds. If yoa ban^ or f ancy aJ^T^^
need some new trousers to brighten mixed straws, plain **^> • v3
up the coat and v?st that yoa are or fancy han( j 3t re;u ! ar ?1.00 or ,
wearirg, gat a pair of these well cut. each> oa Thursday for 3&G
perfect fitting Pants, any time before Hat rjer.t.-Maia Floor.
the closing hour Satttrdav, at Ott0 m "
quarter /ess than rcgu- SotfiQ SO¥S f §Sm50
tar prices. Gm m i4*~ WmiB
$3 Pant3...*2-;25 $5 Pant3..$3-75 dlflrS WWilM
$4 Pants.. S3.OO 56 P ints.. $4. SO Be Sold ffi?J
Second Aisle— Rlsht of Entrance. #*»¦• itf/f OS **-*>
tBOJfS arCS- They are for youths 10 /(^$Ht5\
tee SuitS, to 16 years of age, f\ Wl \
Worth made from tho same / r\\\
$3*00, class of g ooi3 that their I V AM
/«Jcf OR fathers'.™ made of; 4 UL>J\
lOr &B.&O. strictly np to data in J / V
Tn ?3 e for the little „ * , \JU I
fel ow3, 3 to ( yeara * J ' * yn i I
of age. made with fect fit:in S *W* <* /jjj* i
fancy yoke3, coat doable breasted Vesta. *¦ ¦ I /
trimmad with son- Tne big £tore*3 regular jJ "¦*¦
tache braid, coat or reasonable price $o\3?; *j
sai'or collar, as p-e- for Thursday? J \
ferred, pan"* seams Friday and Sat- ¦ -A V-
all tapej, jut su:b urday, at ihs'nrj ij^JA.
suits- as others charge special « A£? £*fc?" *"' "
— $3.00 toT—Thurs- price Sfr^f*£7O O^
day, Friday and Oc Second Floor- RislU cf Entrance.
Saturday only.. &MmZJO "«»-,»-
A Sale of Men's d^^PS Safe
Furnishings tor JMSzMl Continues
the Week, JSP^'sP?™* stock of Hoio &
These are the ba'ance of several lots 5P Nathan, wholesa'e
of goods left ovar from previous sa!e«; **" JV milliners, at 512
siz3 iines teing broken and quantities idtf? "?| ani " ° Market
small, we have again reduced prices i^v_rf' street, bought by
far bolow or'jjinal sales figures. • ]$$M n3 a ' c "-"'^ :r^ °f
Lecmin3t3r Laundere' White Shirts, in >^<-v*-^ zcho'esali prices.
size 14 only, regularly $1.00 — to clo«e Bargains bi^ and
„ 25c p'eutv of them. '*<"•''
Min's Ctolf Shirts, equal to most $1.00 $1.50 Hat3 trimmed with Ottoman rib-
garments, size3 1 1J to 1GJ — marks! to bon, rosetta and quills *3-5c
clo?e 48c $2.00 Hat?, .^r*******.
4-ply Linen Collars, or gina ; ly23c each. trimmai -'tfSjSSsSs^^?.
a Z2 14 cn> y, and a lot of Coon Brand with silk $§§*B£~«§!§c2^&!l
C .liar*, nearly all sizes, but slightly frinee jj^raj^^^^^^^A-
softed— to c!o3e. per dCZ 25c scarf z?. . £T X^^^^SCt^^^^
ilen'9 and Hoys,' 25c Su3jenders ISO quill '
Men'sMrcerzed Cotton Sock3, look like 66 C
si k— 3 pairs for SOo Ladies' $lu Hat;, naaa nu-e, nae trirn-
Men's B.mif, manufacturers' s'mp'es — to miag $£¦.&£>
cose 14-Gy 28c, 58c $15.Oj Imported Moiol Hits $7.35
Third Aisle— RIsht cf Entrance. Second Floor.
perfect HkJ^s- F K^ ' *-» *^£ ' Jftf |2 C ovutry.
?1.50 dozen. CALIFORNIA'S tA»OEST--A.nERICA-S GRANDEST STORE, extra charge.
Mrs. Her.rieue C. Olbcrg, Albert Lea.
Minn.The local Lothario who:is being sued for $5000 for
hugging a lady and breaking one of her ribs has 3t
least the advantage of knowing that he made, an im
pression upon the object of his, affections.
SCOTS WILL BE OUT
FOR A NIGHT'S FUN
Thistle Club to Give an Entertain
ment at Metropolitan Hall This
" Evening.
The San Francisco Scottish Thistle Club
has completed arrangements for an enter
talnment to be given under its auspices at
Metropolitan Hall to-night. The literary
committee, composed of Messrs. Miller,
Christie and Paterson, has been untiring
in Its endeavor to make the affair a buc-
S Vf*S f 3ud ? in^ fr . om the Brea * demand
for tickets of admission, standing room
will be at a premium.
An excellent programme, of specialties
by the best, of professional and amateur
artists -will be offered and this programme
s sufficiently strong in character to sat
isfy the most exacting, critics
Solos In all voices, dancing of every
kind, club swinging, fencing, cake walks
and melodious bagpipe strains will put the
audience In such good humor that troubles
ana sorrows will he forgotten. Georee W
Paterson will officiate as master of cere
monies.
BLUE CASHMERE COSTUME.
The costume represented Is In pastel
blue cashmere. The bolero Is ornamented
with small groups of stitched pleats, and
white satin tabs, edged with black. The
waistband and band round the skirt are
in the same style. The front beneath the
bolero is of white lace, and the ends of
the sleeves are trimmed with the same.
WHAT AILS CHINA?
READ in connection with Bishop Cranston's ad
vice that we break all treaties with China and
- carry Christianity to that people with fire and
sword, no matter at what cost in money and blood,
the remarks of Rev. Mr. Aiken are of interest. Mr.
Aiken is an American missionary who has been in
China for twenty years. He says that the insolence
and aggressions of- foreigners there have been
sufficient to develop the present feeling among
the people of North China. Among these
aggressions is- Germany's seizure of .Kiaochau
and the overbearing and cruel treatment of the
natives by the German officers. Mr. Aiken
thinks that if missionaries' had confined them
selves to missions, and diplomacy had treated China
decently and fairly, the Boxer movement would not
have arisen. Foreign intervention has now become
necessary, he thinks,* but it was preceded by a man
ner and amount of outside interference calculated to
provoke a proud, if ignorant, people to fury.
It is refreshing to read an admission that China has
some rights the world should respect. .'
Another missionary, and a Bishop, too.^the Right
Reverend S. C. Partridge, has expressed the opinion
that "Chinese diplomacy is rotten." If it is any more
rotten than the policy of treaty breaking and blood
shed advocated by Bishop Cranston we would like to
know why. Bishop Partridge says that Chinese dip
lomacy plays one power against another. If that be
wicked it is a sin not peculiar to Chinese diplomacy,
for it is the practice of all diplomacy. The Bishop
adds that the best friends of China want that empire
partitioned to make "a shake-up that will forever
wipe out the machinations of a selfish, gluttonous
mob of office-seekers, who enrich themselves at the
expense of every. Chinese living." Incidentally the
The Southern Pacific Company has at last made
a frank avowal of its principles and its policy. Ala
meda petitioners who complained against crowded
and unsanitary cars, delayed trains and frequent ac
cidents were informed that their petition would be
thrown in the wastebasket. The company resented
the petition as an attack upon its special privileges.
State Democrats are unnecessarily alarming them
selves over a possible illegality in the appointment of
their State Central Committee and a consequent
jeopardy to State candidates. The gentlemen should
cairn themselves with the reflection that there will be
nothing in the results of the next election to concern
them.
The victims of the "bumper" accident on the Mc-
Allister street railroad a few days ago are probably
cot aware that the Market Street Railway Company
uses bumpers solely to. injure passengers and save its
property. The presentation of such a fact in court
might result in an interesting award of damages.
City Attorney Franklin K. Lane has decided that
Sherman- avenue, which was seized by the Southern
Pacific Company, is a public thoroughfare. And still
Sullivan alley, with an existence of forty years as a
public street, is now private property. It is good to
be related to his Honor the Mayor.
The Supervisors are now discussing a proposition
to levy a tax on physicians and" lawyers." If this
unique municipal policy is continued to its logical
conclusion the board will soon be considering the
advisability of taxing people for living.
The Supervisors believe that the charier should b
arr.cnded, salaries pruned and something be done for
public improvements. This is- perhaps the only re
freshing instance in our new government of "reform
ers" seeking to reform themselves/
The police officer who was fined for reading a news
paper while on duty should have remembered that his
official superiors includc 7 some of the newspapers of
San Francisco in the category of thincs to be feared.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ARTISTS AND MODELS— E. Q. R.,
Stockton, Cal. The article in The Call on
artists and m«dels appeared In the Issue
of January 14, 1900, on page 9.
NAVAL, STRENGTH-F. W. K.. Dia
mond Springs, Cal. At the close of 1899
the navy . of the United States ranked
fourth in the navies of the world.
ENGUSH CENSUS— J. M., City. This
department Ib Informed that It took be
tween five and six months to take the
latest census in England, Europe.
DOG HOSPITALS— L. M. S., Oakland.
Cal. There are dog hospitals in San Fran
cisco where dogs are cared for, but as
such are private enterprises this depart
ment cannot advertise them.
ESSAYS— S., New Almaden, Cal. This
department not knowing the mental cali
ber of the child is unable to suggest
"what books it should read in order to
prepare an essay to be read during an
evening of graduation." A great deal de
pends, in the choice of such, upon the
likes and the dislikes of t..e child.
A SOLDIER IN THE ARMY— Artider,
City. If you desire to know If a soldier
is In the army at the Philippines, or else
where, or If he is dead, address a com
munication to the War Department,
Washington, D. C, giving name, age,
place of birth, letter of company and num
ber of regiment, together with the branch
of the service to which he was attached
when last heard of.
A 'BICYCL.E— Tache.Marin County. In
the transaction about a bicycle described
in the letter of inquiry you are bound by
the. terms of the agreement. If the other
party has failed to. keep his part <n the
agreement, has taken away the bicycle
in which you have a half interest and re
fuses to surrender it for use under the
terms of the agreement you can com
mence an action against him in the coun
ty In which he lives.
INDIAN SCH0OLS-A. F. C, Oakland,
Cal. There is a law which prohibits the
appropriation of money for the support of
any sectarian institution to teach Indians
on reservations, except' In cases where
there is' no : non-sectarian institution to
which the children may be sent. In' such
cases the amount shall not exceed 40 per
cent of the entire appropriation. The
Government secures the services of what
ever denomination is nearest and most
convenient for the children.
YEAST WITHOUT FERMENT— E. P.
B., City. The following Is given as a re
cipe for the making 'of yeast without fer
ment: . Put two ounces . of . the best hops
into nine pints of cold water, boil half an
hour; strain while hot and add two ounces
of fine table salt and a half pound' of
sugar. -"When • the mixture becomes blood
warm, put one pound of sifted flour Into a
large basin, make a well In the center
with the hand, add the liquor by degrees
until ¦ the whole is , thoroughly. Incorporat
ed.-Let It stand' two or three days |n a.
warm place, stirring three or four time3
a day.? Then boil )<ind. mash finely three
pounds of good ' potatoes and • mix them
in. Let It stand one day, remove the dark
scum;- then - strain • through a colander - or
sieve, pirtv in a stone jar, cork and tie
down* firmly and keep In a cool < place
This is a self-fermenting yeast which im
proves by keeping: if left uncorked. •
THE WEST A ND THE, STANDARD.
NO part of Senator Wolcott's speech at the open
ing of the Philadelphia convention is more
significant than that in which he set forth the
adherence of Western Republicans to the gold stan
dard. The Senator represents what has been known
as a "silver State"; he has himself been in the past
one of the strongest champions of bimetallism. It
is therefore a cheering sign of the change that has
tome over Colorado sentiment on the money question
that he unequivocally indorsed .the monetary policy
of the party and made no compromise with the silver
fanatics whatever.
After reviewing the contest between the parties on
the free coinage issue four. years ago, and describing
the effort made to obtain an international agreement
upon the subject, he said: "We have made advances
enough; this country can better afford than any other
to enter upon the contest for commercial, supremacy
with gold as its" standard, and for us the time has
come to give fair notice to the world that we, too,
wake gold our standard and redeem our obligations
in that metal. For twelve years the platforms of the
party have declared in favor of the use of gold and
silver, as money. Thclogic of recent events, together
with the attempt of the Democracy to drag down the
question from its international character, to associate
it with every vagary of Populism and socialism and to
drive this country to an alliance with Mexico and
China, as an exclusively silver-using country, has im
pelled our people to this settlement of the problem,
and the recent action of Congress has eliminated the
danger which its further agitation menaced."
That is the truth of the situation. "Free silver,"
even when given the high-sounding- name "bimetal
lism," is no longer an international question or, a ra
tional issue of any kind. It has become associated
with the vagaries of fiat money, unlimited greenbacks
and all other forms of financial delusion. The advo
cates of genuine bimetallism, like ;Wolcott, now per
ceive the . soundness of the' gold standard and will
make no further efforts to undo.it. Tlie only danger
now is that which emanates from the wild Bryanites,
who have learned nothing and can learn nothing
cither from 'facts- or from financial principles. Such
being the case, the number of so-called "silver Re
publicans" in this campaign will be few. Bryan will
find it more necessary than ever to carry New York.
His following in the West is less than it was fdur
years ago. The gold, standard, like the policy of pro
tection, has been tried and found'to be a safe basis of
prosperity, and- when Bryanism has been eliminated
from our politics, as it will be with this campaign;
there will be no longer opposition to it by a consid
erable number of people in any part of the Union.
CALIF0R1TCANS IN ITEW- YORK.
NEW YORK. June 2Q.— Dr. M. Gardner
of San Francisco Is at the Gllsey. C. L.
Bissell of San Francisco is at the Plaza.
R. V. Dey of San Francisco is »t tha
Buckingham.
THE COMMERCIAL MUSEUM.
T~) EFORE the whirl of politics occupies all the at
l^Xtention our merchants can give to affairs other
than their own business the movement for the
establishment of a commercial museum should be fully
organized and well advanced. At a conference of the
promoters of the enterprise on Tuesday it was stated
that the membership at that time was 157, but it was
decided not to organize until at Jeast 200 members
have been enrolled. The step to be taken now is
therefore that of increasing the membership to the
desired number.
It ought not to be difficult to obtain the increase of
membership. The enterprise is one of the most im
portant that has been undertaken since the construc
tion of the Valley Road. It promises vast benefits to
the city and to the coast, and the value of the promise
is guaranteed by the record of what has been accom
plished for Philadelphia and the East by the Com
mercial Museum in that city. The movement is not
in any sense an experimental project It is known
what such museums can do toward facilitating com
merce and obtaining larger markets for the product3
of our industry, and it is also known that in addition
to the institution at Philadelphia there is needed
another on this coast to aid in developing American
commerce with the countries of the Pacific Ocean.
Active and earnest committees are now engaged in
the task of. obtaining new members for the associa
tion, and they should receive cordial support on all
sides. When the committees meet next week it is to
be hoped the desired membership will have been ob
tained, so that the work of organization may be com
pleted at once. The enterprise is a large one indeed
and will cost much money, but it is none too large for
San Francisco, nor too costly for what it will be worth
to the community. Every important firm in the city
should assist the work, for each and all will share
in its benefits.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
HEROISM AND CHARITY.
p^IREMAX JOHN E. SWEENEY, in an act of
( heroic daring and self-sacrifice, gave up his life
* to rescue an old man from a burning building,
and every generous heart in San Francisco has
thrilled in response to the nobleness of the deed.
Now comes the second phase of the story. The hero
has left a widow and four young children well nigh
penniless. How far will that story thrill the gencr
i?4mrriM» , , .,, , ,,--¦¦
cus hearts, and what .vill be the response."
There is no need here for argument nor appeal.
The duty of all who have been blessed with sufficient
prosperity to be able to show their generous feelings
by generous acts is apparent. The hero gave his life
in the performance of his duty to save an old man
threatened with death amid the flames of i burning
building. How much will the people give \< save
from destitution the loved ones whom the hero has
left behind?
The deed of heroism has been done. Now is the
time to do the deed of charity. Now is the time for
public approval to show what it is worth — how much
of earnestness there is in the praise that flows so
freely from the lips of all whenever a dangerous duty
is nobly performed.
SThe deed of valor which carried Fireman Sweeney
1 sublimely to death is not the only instance in
which he proved his readiness to risk his life in the
service of another. On a former occasion he showed
a fidelity to duty equal to that which has now co5t
him his life, and at nil limes he manifested the same
high courage. All honors are to him, and yet
no earthly honor can now reach him. That which
can be done by those who honor him is to assist in
raising a fund for the relief of his family. A sub
scription list has been opened at the business office
of The Call that all who desire to contribute may
readily do so. This, be it borne in mind, is a case
where charity appeals not to pity, but to admiration
2nd honor and love, and to all the faculties that are
responsive to heroic actions. Fireman Sweeney
would have . imperiled his life to rescue any man or
woman in this city who might have been exposed to
danger or death, and surely none who can afford to
give liberally to his widow and his children will hesi
tate to do so. . .
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
'fiS.tt ISS ANNA MILLER WOOD, the
//Ww charming contralto, is now on
11 Ik \i ner wa -y f rom Boston to San
Francisco, where she will spend
her' summer vacation. Miss Wood will
first visit Portland, Or., where she will
sing in concert on the 2Sth. She will rpend
most of her time while here in giving les
sons to a number of former pupils, and is
also likely to be heard in concert. ,
Miss Elizabeth Westgate, the organist,
has gone to Ladycroft, her summer home
in the Santa Cruz Mountains, for a two
months' vacation. • ;'
Denis Sullivan, of "Shamus O Brien
fame, spent most of the last season in
Dublin, Ireland, studying new roles in
which he will shortly appear in London
and other English cities. .
Will Andrews, who left California about
four years ago, Is doing excellent work
with Miss Marie Withrow In London, with
whom he has studied ever since going
there. It was, indeed, through the good
work of Mr. Andrews that Miss Withrow
became known, to Marie Tempest, Mrs.
Randegger and other important pupils of
hers. Mr. Andrews was for some time
on the operatic stage, and after a short
temporary retirement will again resume
the work. It is understood from/ the
critics that we shall hear great things of
Mr. Andrews some day. •
Walter Damrosch, the dark and melan
choly expositor of the Wagner cult, who
created so favorable an impression upon
the susceptible "Wagnerienne" among us,
will again visiPSan Francisco. Mr. pam
rosch has been chosen conductor of the
Metropolitan Opera Company, which Mau
rice Grau will import to California some
time during the coming season.
Speaking of impresarios, Victor Thrane,
the well-known musical manager, has de
serted this fascinating field of adventure.
Mr. Thnine will later resume the line of
work in all probability, but in the mean
time strongly recommends his late assist
ant. J. V. GottRChalk, as in all regards a
suitable successor to the, managerial
crown.
Alfred Wilkie, who since his recent re
covery from dangerous illness seems to
have taken on a new lease of musical life,
will appear in San Jose on the 2Sth at th«
Elks' entertainment. Mr.. Wilkie -is direc
tor and principal tenor of tne little op
eretta; A The Marriage by Lanterns,"
which is to form the chief part of the
musical entertainment.
Thomas W. Whalley announces an or
fan recital on Saturday next by William
i. King-, at his organ factory, when Mr.
King will play upon the latest product of
Mr., Whalley's skill. The recital is a pri
vate one and Mr. King promises an excel
lent programme, including a Bach toc
cata and fugue, a toccata, scherzo and
andante of Widor and a prelude, fugue
and finale of Caesar Franck.
MIDWEEK NOTES
AT THE THEATERS
KELLAR, the magician. Is still hold
ing Columbia audiences with his
clever conjuring. He remains until
Sunday evening, including a Sat
urday matinee. On Monday "Miss Hobbs"
will be presented by the Miller company.
*. * •
At the California the starful cast of
Dunne & Ryley is appearing in "The. Milk
White Flag," the pronounced success of
-which has persuaded the management to
, continue the bill for the coming week.
Another Hoyt comedy, "A Day and a
Night," will follow. •- -. -
• • •
"A Homespun Heart" is the bill at the
Grand Opera-house, with Frank Bacon
in the principal par** On July 2 "The
Children of the Ghetto" will be presented
,by the Frawley, Company, with Wilton
I«ackaye as Reb Shemuel.
<;« ¦ • • •
"Madeleine, or the Magic Kiss" is in
its second and* last week at the Tlvoli.
Edwin Stevens and Anna Lichter both
appear in this pretty opera. "The Geisha"
will be revived next week.
.-¦¦.• ? • * ¦
"Sapho" Is still crowding the Alcazar.
: The engagement of White Whittlesey,
who Is now Miss Roberts' leading man. Is
a very popular one.
• ' • •
Fischer's concert house has an excellent
programme this week. The Lambardi
quartet, Abramoff, Elizabeth Mowry and
Isabella Underwood are the atractions.
• • • •
The subduing of Wallace by Lion Tamer
, Hall Is the principal feature at the Chutes
this week. Cannon, the fat man, is an
other, attraction. --"'
Dr. A. L. Tlbbets of Petaluma Is at the
Grand.
Colonel John T. Harrington of Colusa Is
at the Grand.-
G. W. Chandeler, a mining man of Santa
Cruz, is at the Lick.
Rev. C. O. Tillotson of Santa Cruz
is a guest at the Occidental.
J. A. Cronkhite, a dentist of Los Ange
les, arrived yesterday and is at the Grand.
J. C. Bull. Jr., a well known contractor,
came down from Eureka yesterday and
is stopping at the Lies.
Carl E. Lindsay and Frank Mattlson, at
torneys of Santa Cruz, are stopping at the
California.
Mr. and Mrs. Francis Gay of Kaual, Ha
waii, are registered at the Occidental.
Mr. Gay is one of the wealthiest men In
the islands, owning vast plantations on
which he raises coffee and cane.
H. E. Huntington, the first vice presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company, returned yesterday from hi3
southern, trip. During the afternoon he
had a conference with Julius Krutt
sehnitt, general manager of the Southern
Pacific, In repard to the appointment of a
successor to "William G., Curtis, the for
mer engineer of maintenance and way.
The appointment 'will be announced to
day. It is generally believed that As
sistant Engineer Wallace of the same de
partment will be selected to fill the po
sition left vacant by Mr. Curtis' death.
PERSONAL MENTION.
JNCLE SAM— Boxer, Hey ! Well, Don't Forget That We Don'i
Raise Nothin' but Heavy-Weight Champeens in Ameriky.
— New York "World.
THE PRUNE-GROWERS' COMBINE.
AFTER months of struggles, doubts and hesita
tions, the directors of the Cured
Fruit Association have decided to go ahead
with the work, for which the organization was de
signed. They have not obtained'the co-operation of
90 per cent of the prune-growers of the State, as was
desired, but they have upward of 80 per cent, it is
said, and it is believed that percentage will be suffi
cient to enable them to achieve results so beneficial
to the growers and to the packers that those who have
held aloof this year will be glad to join the associa
tion next season..
In taking this action the directors have the cordial
support of the members of the association. On the
day when the directors and the packers were to con
sult and decide whether to proceed with the work
a large mass-meeting of growers was held in San
Jose, where the consultation took place. The senti
ment was. unanimously in favor of action. 'Resolu
tions were adopted declaring: "It is our very decided
judgment that the 'directors of' the California Cured
Fruit Association should now proceed to carry into
effect the purposes and plans of the organization. It
is our earnest desire that they should do so, and we
pledge them our hearty support and confidence in the
undertaking."
. With such backing from those most interested .in
the work the directors can well afford to undertake
the enterprise. They will control a sufficiently large
proportion of the whole crop of California to be able
to give packers and merchants who deal with them
much more security in business than can be obtained
by others from the outside growers. The chief diffi
culty in their way now is that of preparing on such
short notice to handle the immense crop of this sea
son, but that can be overcome by energy, and fortu
nately there are among the directors men who are ac
customed to" do business on a large scale, and with
whom energy is a habit.
The success of the movement, which seems now
well assured by the decision of Monday, will.be of
vast benefit to the State. It, will save one'of the most
important branches of our fruit industry from the
ruinous effects of ill-regulated competition* It will
help the practical fruit-grower, who lives on \ .his
orchard and derives "his sole income from his crops,
to withstand the depressing effect upon the industry
of the amateurs who maintain orchards largely as a
speculation and, having an income from other
sources, are willing to sell their fruit without waiting
to see what the rightful price should be; and it will
enable the. grower who has no facilities or opportu
nities to study the market to have the assistance of
skilled men in marketing his crop: Thus the advan
tages will be numerous, and even if so much be npt
achieved as might have been had 90 per cent of the
crop been pledged to the association early in the sea
son, still the results may be,expected to justify. the
confidence of those who have urged the directors to
go ahead with the work. Moreover, in this day and
generation co-operation is a force that increases, in
power as it goes forward. The enterprise of this year
will be in the nature of an experiment, but hereafter
we shall in all probability be able to count upon the
Cured . Fruit Association as one of the established
factors of the industrial and commercial life "of the
State. . «
gfre ' -fllllllN Call,.
THURSDAY JUNE 21, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communica'ions to W; S. LEAKS. Manager.
n i\A(.r.ii's office Trile^ u^tSSZVLc2i.
PUBLICATIOX OFFICE. ..Market nnd Third. S. F.
Telephone I'ress 201.
EDITORIAL ROO2IS .217 fo 22t StereBiOB St.
Trlrpltone Prf« 2O2.
Delivered 1»t Carrier*. IB Cent* Per Week.
Stnsrle CopiM. fl Cent*.
Terms by Mall. Incladimff Vontaari
DAILY CALL, <lncl-jd!cg Sunday), one year $8.W
DAILY CALL <!nc)udir.R Sunday). < months «.W
PAILT CALL <lnc!uJlnr Sur.dar>. * months l.M
JUILT CALL— By Sine!- Month «*c
errCDAY CALL One 1>ar I-* 0
"KEEKLT CALL One Ywir LM
Ail paitmaitcri nre authorized to recelT*
¦ nhKcriiitiona.
8ample ecclea will be forwarded when requested.
Hall robsrrfb^rs In crdrrlr.p change of address should be
particular to rl^e both NEW AND OI>D ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt *rid correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.... HIS Brand way
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising,. Varquette Building. Chicago.
(Lent Distance Tflephena "Central JtlV)
TCTTVT IOEK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
NEW YORK REVRESETTTATrVE:
6TEPKEN B- SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEW? STANDS:
Ehenets Hcuse; P. O. New» Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
?remcnt Hcum; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TOKK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union SQoare;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
WCRTON t. CRANE. Correspondent.
Bit A VCIT OFFICES— ZTi Mor.tscmery. eorn*r of Clay, open
tsrt'J S-.SO o'cl-rk. SCO Hayes, open until »:20 o'clock. CJ
McAllister, open until S:SO o'clock. €15 Larktn. open until ;
1:80 o'clock. ;M1 Mlw'.on, f<per." until 10 o'clock. tWl Market, j
corner Sixteenth, open until t o'clock. 10»« Valencia, open !
cntU 9 o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until • o'clock. KW cor
cer Twenty-aeccnd and Kentucky, open until t o'clock.
Bishop adds- that "what is of particular interest to
Americans is knowledge of the vast business possibili
ties that await them in China. The prospect for
American commerce there should hold the minds of
our countrymen." Of course we are not going to
imitate the "mob of gluttonous office-seekers." - We
are going there out , of pure philanthropy \to let the
Chinese get rich off us!
It is evident that this Bishop thinks the best friends
of China, who want her partitioned, are the robber na
tions that want to get the slices. In the same sense
wolves are the best friends of the sheep; train-robbers
are the best' friends of the owners of the treasure-box,
and a horsethief plays Jonathan to the horse-owner's
David.
These two Bishops make a sorry spectacle of the
kind of Christianity that we seem to be exporting
to Asia in carload lots.
WHAT ANSWER?
THE Democratic State Convention rejoiced
over the election of Sillybilly Hearst to ths
presidency of a club, and indorsed the Democ
racy of his two papers. We desire that California
Democrats look over the following and say what they
think of their convention:
Take Porto Rico and nail the flag to the Philippines;
don't merely raise it. there, but nail It there.—Exam
iner, July, 1S9S.'
We assert that the constitution follows the flag, and
we denounce the doctrine that an executive or a Con
gress, created and limited by the constitution, can exer
cise lawful authority .beyond that constitution. ! Believ
ing that a nation cannot long endure part republic and
part empire, we oppose wars of conquest and colonial
possession. — Democratic platform.
It is perhaps worth while to point out that "the simple
machinery of our popular ' domestic government will
neither be changed at home nor employed abroad should it
become necessary to administer outside dependencies. It
is in the power and right of Congress to devise any sort
of system that may apply to the conditions of such de
pendencies, and this power is in nowise limited by the
national constitution nor does its application Involve
any modification of our domestic system.— San Francisco
Examiner.
We condemn the Porto KIcan tariff recently enacted
by the present Republican Congress- as a bold and open
violation of the nation's organic law.
We are unalterably opposed to Imperialism In any
form.
We extend to the people of the South African repub
lics our sympathy in their heroic struggle to preserve
their national integrity "and to vindicate the immutable
principle that governments derive their just powers from
the consent of.the governed, and we therefore condemn
the present Republican administration for its unfriendly
attitude toward- those republics. — Democratic platform.
The dear old "landmarks.'* The picked "monarchical
hazards." The abominable "schemes of Imperialism."
These are the familiar commonplaces of the superior
person doing duty in the muddy vesture of pomposity;
but after all, calling: names, even names of many sylla
bles, is not argument. Let us examine the adjectives.
The most remarkable example In the history of the world
of the assumption of such hazards is furnished by Eng
land, and in faith England has prospered indifferently
well under all that load of "monarchical hazards." The
fact that England's institutions are as free and as dem
ocratic as our own; the fact that the EngUsh nation is
the most powerful and the most enlightened in the Old
World, despite its "schemes of Imperialism"; these facts
and others like them, do not appear to affect the
prophetic vision of the "superior person.' 1 — San Francisco
Examiner.
We congratulate the Democracy upon the selection
of W. R. Hearst to be president of the National Associa
tion of Democratic Clubs, and we heartily commend the
abla efforts of his two journals, the San Francisco Ex
aminer and the New York Journal, In advocating Demo
cratic principles.— Democratic platform.
Now we would like to know just what the Califor
nia Democracy thinks of itself. Sillybilly screeched
and screamed for taking Porto Rico and the Philip
pines and nailing the flag there by conquest. He.
scouted any constitutional limitation upon Congress
and the executive in governing these dependencies, by
any system best fitted to each. He denounced all
men who feared imperialism and quoted Great Brit
ain's example as one worthy of our imitation, and
boasted that her institutions are as free and demo
cratic as our own, and all this the Democratic conr
vention at Sacramento calls "able efforts in advocat
ing Democratic principles."
The Call offers its columns to any Democrat who
thinks he is able to- say just what the Democracy of
California thinks of itself for condemning in a Repub
lican administration just what it indorses as able ad
vocacy of Democratic principles in Sillybilly's news-
We doubt if there can be found in the history of
politics an equal case of contradiction, inconsistency
and folly; and again we ask. What does the Califor
nia Democracy think that it thinks of itself?
THE SAW Jj itiiJSTCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 21, 1900.
6
TO THE PUBLIC!
The Democratic and Silver Re-
publican delegates to the tNA-
TIONAL CONVENTION AT
KANSAS CITY JULY 4th have
selected the
RIO GRANDE LINES
As the OFFICIAL ROUTE.
rate 2DOU.UU'
GOOD FOR SIXTY DAY9.
Rate open to all
Tickets on Sale June 23. 23 aaJ ».
For Information Apply
¦ F. -TV. THOMPSON. Genera! Asmtt.
625 Market »t. (Palace Hotel). Baa Fraadact
In all of the towns of the Philippine Isl-
ands which are under American control
any native who may be found out of doors
after 8:30 p. m. without a pass is fined $3.
Th« fashionable ladles" corrective tonia Is Dr.
Slegert's Angostura Bitters, tfc* world re-
nowned South American Invigorator.
Chicago and Betnrn $72 50.
.. Tickets on ¦&!• June 21st and 22d. rood tor
return within seventy days. Only S3H hoars
to Chicaeo. oh the Overland Limited, via
Union Pacific Railway. D. W. Hitchcock. Gea.
Agt.. 1 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
The underground railway of Paris,
which is nearing completion, will have a
total length of nearly eight miles. It ia
expected that It will open for traffic this
month.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mono,
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Cal. glace fruit 50c per R> atTownaend's.*
Cs*f*Tr.!a- "A Milk White Fla*."^
TlvoH— "MadpJrlne."
Alcazar— "Sapho. **
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Op^ra -house — ""A Homespun Heart."
Columbia— Keliar.
Olyrapia. corr.er Mayon and Edij* rtreets— Specialties.
Chuteb, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•ver.ing.
Fischer'fr-"L& Forra <Sel Destlno."'
Sutro Baths— Open Nlshus.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRUD6ERY OF Ye'oLDEM TIME
Is what many.women have tried to eacapa
and In doing so have sacrifled their
hearts to Mammon. It might not mean
happiness, but it did mean emancipation
from slavery. If they had only known
that a modern laundry equipped like the
United States Laundry was coming Into
existence, where clothing, linen and laces
could be laundered at a low price to suit
the most fastidious, many a woman would
be enjoying love in a cottage.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004 Market Street.
Near PoweU.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Off lce-36S 12th Street.The O rifelnal Little . Louisiana Company
' "'69 "Smn Francisco. Numbers For
dnneM6,:19OO. '
No. 13419 ' wins : J7500, = sold ; In ¦ San Francisco,
Cal. ; No. 6K09 wins $2C00, sold in San Fran
cisco, Cal.: Na".'4C092 : wins, $1COO,' sold in San
Francisco ' Cal.: No. ''46436 wins JoCO.'sold In San
Francisco, ' Cal. ; Nos;, 474S1 : and 9J466 each win
$250, sold i in San Francisco, Cal. ; Nos. 8446,
16264, i 37073. 39321 and 81141 each win $100. sold in
San - Francisco, vCal.,v Los Angeles.5 CaL, San
Francisco, -Cal., -Virginia City. Nev.. and Oak
land, Cal. .
SAN RAFAEL, T June 20.— Nelson : Alex
ander, a^ fourteen-year-old grandson of R.
S.I Alexander',* was' thrown" from : his horse
this morning. ; c He < was * removed to his
home, - where: lt"was "found .'that ''be- has
probably sustained a fracture of the skull.
Thrown From a Horse.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
E.- J. McKeon, a gripman on the Jack
son-street cable line, residing at 2315% Cal
ifornia : street, San Fhincls*co, ; purchased
quarter or $1 ticket No. 72,010 In "The Lot
tery - of the : Beneficencla Publlca Com
pany" of the Citpr of Mexico which won
$60,000, which was promptly paid to him.
Another fortunate resident of San Fran
cisco was John P. Wolf, 1343 Vallejo
street who purchased one-eighth of ticket
No 7976 costing him 50 cents' in the above
named lottery, which won the second cap-"
ltal prize, his share being $2500, which
amount was also promptly paid to him.
The cause of the popularity of "The Lot
tery of the Beneficencla Publlca " Com
pany" of the City of Mexico on this coast
Is that so many of the people win capital
prizes here and, . further, being the only
lottery guaranteed and protected by the
Mexican national Government, Its draw-
Ings have always been held In public un
der-the Immediate vigilance of Federal
authorities, vouched for by the' Depart
ment of State, the Mexican Government
appointing Apollnar Castillo, Government
Intervenor. and Antonio Perez -for the
Treasury Department. Therefore every
body has felt assured of: the, honest deal- 1
Ings of the old reliable lottery of the -Ben-"
eflcencla Publlca Company of the City of
Mexico,* of. which U.Uasset.ti Is president
and manager.- \
A Fortunate Gripman.
Killed by a Horse.
SAN JOSE, June 2O.-Dr. Reuben Wil
son/; a 'well' known resident of Willows!
was } knocked down' by a runaway horse
near the . city s to-night > and • sustained in
juries - from which he died a few. hours
later. His 1 rigBt wrist and thigh were
broken and , he suffered severe contusions
of - the head.? Deceased was seventy-eight
years - of age and a native of New York.
Wilson served, as a surgeon during the
Civil War in the Eighth Wisconsin Regi
menti- -.¦:¦¦-..-* -¦-'¦:¦ ¦ ¦ # ' ¦ ~:. ; ¦ -_¦
Mrs. Hoskinson Jumps From Wagon
Near San Rafael.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June 20.— Mr. and Mrs.
G. W. Hoskinson were both injured by a
runaway team about two miles from here
th.Is afternoon. Mr. , and Mrs. Hoskinson
left San Francisco this morning with a
horse and wagon, their purpose being to
go on an extended camping trip through
the northern counties. This afternoon,
when they had reached the Catholic
Cemetery on the Petaluma road,\ they
made preparations to rest the horse. Mr.
Hoskinson alighted from the wagon and
removed the bridle to allow the horse to
feed. Something:, however, frightened the
animal and It ran away.
Mrs. Hoskinson was in the wagon, and
becoming alarmed at her position. Jumped
out at the railroad track. She sustained
severe injuries, her right leg being broken
and her scalp badly lacerated. She was
removed to the house of the, , cemetery
keeper and medical aid summoned. Mr.
Hoskinson, in trying to catch the horse
which had turned, was severely bruised.'
The horse collided with a telegraph pole
and was caught. . ; It Is said that Mr. and
Mrs. Hoskinson resided at 354 Sixth street,
San Francisco, and that they had been en
gaged in the candy business.
1 -'".'. m ¦ -
1 Almost IDrowned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June ' 20.— Robert
Aguirre, the ten-year-old son of Jose
had a narrow; escape from
¦ Crowning at San Quentin late yesterday
afternoon^ ; He in company with several
boys ! of his own age was playing on a
i couple of raftBi on the: beach. In the
1 course of this frolic young Aguirre fell
off the raft and was nearly drowned be
fore rescued. •
Walter Gibbons was attracted to the
scene by 'the cries 1 for help and springing
into the water i he ; swam out to the little
fellow and ; brought him ashore. To-day
young Agulrre is :, none the worse i for* his
dangerous (experience.
INJURED IN A RUNAWAY.
session to-day adopted similar resolutions
to those of last year, declaring Dr. James
McNaughton, principal of the- school, in
competent to hold that position. Last
year similar action led to an investiga
tion, in which the Trustees whitewashed
McNaughton. Joseph Hancock was elect
ed president of the Alumni Association
for the ensuing year. Miss A. Nicholson
vice president and Miss Ara Gass secre
tary. The board of trustees will meet In
annual session to-morrow.
Several chances will be made In the
faculty. Principal McNaughton . is slated
to go, and Mrs. C L. Place, head of the
training: school, has tendered her resiena
tion. Professor Dailey, vice of
the school, and E. M. Carr, Superintend
ent of Schools of Anderson, Ind., are lead
ing candidates for the principalship. ¦
Many Changes Will Be Made by Di
rectors of the State Normal
School. "-"•' V;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June 20.— The Alumni Asso
ciation of the Normal School in annual
M'NAUGHTON'S HEAD TO
FALL IN THE BASKET
SAN JOSE, June 20.— The eleventh dis
trict convention of the "Woodmen of the
World convened here this morning. W.
H. Keaton of this city was chairman and
H. B. Smith of Oakland secretary.
The convention Is one of thirty-six simi
lar conventions held to-day In nine States
west of the Rocky Mountains, composing
the Pacific jurisdiction of the Woodmen of
the World, from each convention dele
gates being elected to the Head Camp,
which meets in Salt Lake City in August.
The jurisdiction is represented by the
following:
Frultvale— D. Fehemann, E." E. Hunt.
Martinez— \V. S. Wells, R. B. Borland.
Berkeley— E. Quitner, E. T. Harris, A. B.
Stublnch, O. Salisbury. C. Mikelson.
Athens No. 457, Oakland— W. H. Robinson. C.
B. Brlg^s, Lou la Shafer.
Oakland No. 91, Oakland— M. A. Thomas, J.
C. Snoll, James Pollitt, G. J. King, T. M.
Robinson, S. O. McDonald, J. C. Gllbertson, C.
Chrlstholm, E..T. Lelter, D. J. Vestal, . H. J.
McKim, E. T. Taylor. D. C. Borland, G. H.
Durrich, J. B. Greer, J. J. McConnel.
Alameda— W. F. SalesberE, E. D. Ellla, J. J.
Knight. H. A. Hoyt, W. W. Goggin, L. W.
San* Jose— F. B. Brown. W. H. Keaton. Wil
liam Hammond, A. C. Bates,. C. E. Brandt, F.
M. Wright.
Watsonville— E. McCabe, C. W. Holman,
James HcDkina Jr.
Crockett— ST. E. Hughes.
Alvarado— F. Clozler, O. P. Nauert.
Santa Clara— J. J. Koehler, H. E. Parks.
Elmhurst— J. D. Armstrong, Frank Storer,
Charles Crltchlaw.
Palo Alto— F. C. Doty.
Salinas— William Qulntel, Oscar Schuchard, J.
A. Brown.
Mount Eden— H. Meninger, John Robinson.
San Lorenzo— L.. W. Shinaman, H. Mattbie
son.
Concord— E. T.* Randall. ¦
Forest Camp No. 102, Oakland— R. T. Powers,
J. K. Jeffries, John Crcwsman, A. A. Wrede. ,
L.lvermor%-C. T. Mess, C. C. Wilder, J. Wag-
Centervllle— J. G. Maltos, X. Richards, A. F.
Boret, S. C. Archibald.
Holllater-H. Tomllss.
San Leandro— W. F. Cunningham, J. W.
Alpha No. 101, Oakland— H. B. Smith, H. P.
Ell 6-w-ortta, R. H. Cross, C. W. Emery, r A. R.
Field, A. E. Fake. O. L. Petty.
A resolution was adopted instructing the
delegates to the Head Camp to work for
I. I. Boak of Oakland for head clerk.
The convention condemned Sunday pic
nics and favored the initiative and refer
endum plan in the lodge's affairs. The
delegates to tho Head Camp will present
the matters. . „_
F. B. Brown of San Jose, Thomas M.
Robinson of Oakland and J. D. Armstrong
of Elmhurst were elected delegates to the
Head Camp meeting at Salt Lake. : .'Al
ternates — William Quintel of Salinas, A.
Welch of Hay wards and R. , B. Borland
of Martinez. " .
At 3 o'clock the convention' had com
pleted Its principal work and the dele
gates, as visitors of Aiamo I Camp of this
city, took an outing to Alum Rock Park.
This evening there was a parade of Wood
men of the World. A platoon of police
and a band headed the procession, which
was made up of Los Gatos Camp, "Charter
Oak Camp of Santa Clara, Enisvale Circle
of Women of and Alamo Camp
of this city , and *iflelegates to the conven
tion. About 800 persons were In line, v At
the -First Presbyterian Church this even
ing F. D. Rogers addressed a large con
gregation of woodmen v on' "Fraternity."
A banquet and Jollification followed at the
hall of Alamo Camp.
Convention at Santa Rosa.
SANTA : ROSA, June 20.— The district
convention of the Woodmen of the .World
field : at Santa. Rosa to-day was ¦ largely
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Delegates to the Assembly in San
Jose Enjoy the Hospitality of
the Citizens of Garden
City.
Resolution Adopted Favor
ing Initiative and
Referendum.
WOODMEN OF
THE WORLD MEET
IN CONVENTION
Answered With, a Bullet
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE, Idaho. June 20.— George Bassett
shot and fatally wounded Charles Baldio
at Council to-night. Baldie accused Bas
sett of robbing him, and the latter at once
drew a revolver and fired.
Irrespective of the Time Idmit, W.
0. O'Bear Wedded Mrs. Cross
¦ in Cincinnati.
Special IMEpatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, June 20.— The marriage
of W. O. O'Bear and Mrs. A. P. Cross of
this city, which was solemnized in Cin
cinnati June 6, has created no end of sur
prise and comment. Both are well
known, the groom being a prominent real
estate operator, and the bride the former
wife of a leading contractor and local
politician. ..
The former husband and wife of each of
the newly wedded couple still live here,
divorces having been granted less than a
vear ago. As .the couple were married out
side of California, contrary to the statute,
this may cause a complication In the mat
ter of O'Bear's quiet wedding when he re
turns to Los Angeles.
DIVORCEES QUIETLY
MARRIED IN OHIO
attended. J. J. Bullock was elected per
manent chairman, W. S. • Deroco vice
chairman, C. N. Brown secretary, J. J.
Patterson sergeant-at-armB, W. J. Blais
dale and A. O. Clark doorkeepers. The
following delegates were elected to the
Head Camp, which meets at Salt Lake:
W. G. Poage, Ukiah; W. B. Wilson, M. T.
Moses, D. Oliver Jr., San Francisco. ' Al
ternates—H. J. McClinto«k, .W. Suman. G.
tJV. Patterson. W. J. Miller. • A banquet
was tendered the visitors to-night, after
which the Oriental degree was exemplified
by Western Addition Camp of San Fran
cisco.
celved and Mr. Jackson . advanced many
new ideas.
A selection by the Jubilee Quartet
closed the session.
The delegates and visitors ¦were tendered
a reception and banquet in the parlors of
Church in this city to-day Miss Grace M.
Splnelli, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. B. Spl
nelli well-known pioneer residents of this
city and Paul L. Cavala, a prominent
business man -of Los Banos, were united
In marriage. ' - '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June 20.— Isaac Elk and
Annie Elk, his wife, to-day brought suit
in the Superior Court against W.'J R.
.Hearst owner of the Examiner, for $50,000
damages for libel. The article complained
of was published In that paper on June 1.
Elk an^ his wife object to figuring as be
ing suspects in the matter of -Captain
Brooks' murder. -v- 1 --":
Wedded at San Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June 20.— At St. Joseph's
Examiner Sued for Libel.
Matthai Held.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, June 20.— The preliminary "exam
ination of Frank Matthai, charged with
the murder of George Stanley In Chiles
Valley last month, was held to-day be
fore Justice Ritchie at Rutherford, de
fendant was held to answer before the
Superior Court for trial without bonds.
Matthai was not represented by counsel
and conducted his. own case. His two sis
ters were present and asked for a contin
uance of the case on account of the ab
sence of attorneys for their brother, but
Justice Ritchie would not grant it. Sher
iff Dunlap brought the prisoner to. Isapa
this evening and placed him In jail.
v- - - — : — -•- :
Real Estate ihrms Consolidate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY. June 20.— A new corpora
tion has just been organized in this city
for the purpose of carrying on an exten
sive real estate and Insurance business.
The name adopted is the Monterey In
vestment Company, and the capital stock
is $10 000. The concern ia formed by the
consolidation of two large real estate
firms of this city— Hannon & Botsch and
Johnson & Carr— and the directors are
William Hannon. F. A. Botsch, W. \v .
James, Charles Carr and R. F. Johnson.
The officers are: R. F. Johnson, presi
dent; William Hannon, vice president;
Charles Carr. cashier, and F. A. Botsch,
secretary and treasurer. .
FAVORS NEW ROADS.
Report Submitted by the Grand Jury
of Solano County.
SUISUN, June 20.— The Grand Jury of
Solano County has submitted Its report.
The total amount expended in the road
district for 1899 was $37,335. The Indebted
ness of the county to January 1, 1900, was
$2500, Interest $62 50, total $2562 50, which
amount has since been paid.
The Grand Jury considered "that the
expenditure of large sums of money in
patching and keeping roads in repair was
radically wrong, and recommended that
diligent efforts should be made at the next
session of the Legislature to secure such
laws and amendments to those at present
In force as will enable people of the
county and State to build good roads and
keep them In good condition."
VETERANS ENCAMPMENT.
Old Soldiers Will Gather in Numbers
¦ at St. Selena. ,.~'. : \.
ST. HELENA, June 20.— The fourth an
nual encampment of the Northern Cali
fornia Veterans' . Association will be held
In Hunt's Park, commencing to-morrow
and continuing to June 30 inclusive. ;
An active committee of leading business
men of this city has been at work for the
past'two weeks arranging for the comfort
and entertainment of the visitors. There
will be exercises each day during the en
campment at 10 a. m. and at 2 and 8 p. m.
The camp will be called Camp General
Lawton. . - - _ • .
Friday will be known as St. Helena day
and all business places will bo closed on
that occasion, the day being observed as
a general holiday. During the afternoon
of St. Helena day there will be a recep
tion by the ladles of the town, and In the
evening an Interesting n/ogramme will bo
rendered in the pavilion.
On Monday an excursion will be run to
the Veterans' Home at Yountvllle. Gen
eral Shatter and other prominent soldiers
are expected to be present during^th© en
campment. . ' .
the First Presbyterian Church/ at noon.
About 600 attended and they en joyed, an
elaborate feast.
Devotipnal exercises and singing opened
the afternoon session.
A paper on "Intermediate .work" was
read by W. O. Discho of San Francisco.
Robert T. Bonsall spoke on "Using the
Eye Gate In Teaching."
"The Sunday-schql as an Evangelizing
Agency" was the topic treated by Rev. H.
H. Bell of San Francisco.
"Temperance Teaching* occupied the
attention of the convention the rest of the
afternoon session, Mrs. Louise M. ThomD
son of Palo Alto, State superintendent of
Sunday-school work of the Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union, speaking on "The
Teacher's Equipment and Opportunity"
and Rev. J. H. Knodel of Oakland on
"The Anti-saloon League and the Sunday
school."
An exceedingly fine praise service was
conducted by Professor Excell '. at the
opening of this evening's session. Rev..
E. S. Lewis of Columbus, Ohio, delivered
an address on "The International Lesson
System" and Rev. Alexander Henry spoke
on "The Value of Association Work."
This evening Marlon Lawrence reported
for the State executive committee of the
Sunday School Association. He said it
was desired to raise $2000 by subscription
1 to carry on the work of organization in
this State during the coming year. It was
proposed to put Earl S. Bingham in the
field as organizer. A plan of work was
outlined and a subscription list opened.
Many hundred dollars were raised and the
list will be circulated during the coming
session of the convention. There are
now 1100 Sunday Schools in the associa
tion and with systematic work many
more wlil join. The plan of the execu
tive committee was well received.
SAX JOSE, June 20. — There was In
creased attendance and Interest In
the sessions of the State Sunday
school Convention to-day. Addi
tional delegates arrived and there
are now about 800 representatives of the
various Sabbath-schools present. All the
sessions of the convention were crowded.
The visitors are receiving a royal wel
come and the local committee of arrange
ments is looking after their wants and
seeing that they enjoy themselves. In the
basement of the First Methodist Church,
where the registration booths are lo
cated, there Is a continuous reception and
handshaking- as the delegates and visitors
pour In and are introduced to each other.
Dr. J. C. Wasson and Miss Marie Nason
are in charge here.
More delegates are expected to-mor
row, when the full attendance at the con
vention, it Is thought, will reach 1000.
The services this morning opened by
chorus singing under Professor Excell.
The first address was by Robert T. Bon-
Eall of Cincinnati. Ohio, his subject being
"Bible Study." He outlined the necessity
of teachers and students in Sunday
schools keeping In touch with the
thoughts outlined In the great book.
A round table on "Primary Work"' was
conducted by General Secretary Marion
Lawrence. Manv joined In the discussion
and offered suggestions for use in primary
classes.
Rev. George W. Jackson of San Jose, a
colored Methodist minister, delivered an
address on "The Sunday-school Work
Among the Negroes." It was well re-
Delegates and Visitors to the Convention at San
-Jose Listen to a Number of. Interesting and
Instructive Addresses. ;
The latter kept up the run for a couple
of hours and was then lost to sight. The
Alpha will be seized if she enters any
United States port.
The Alpha carried Canadian goods and
passengers to Nome without paying a
cent - of > duty and . her breach of customs
laws is now notorious. She cleared for
St. Michaels, but never had any bona
flde intention of going to any place but
Nome. The revenue cutters Bear and Al
batross of the United States Behrlng sea
fleet were on the lookout for her, but the
former was frozen up in the ice. When
three days out _f rom Cape Nome on the
return trip the Alpha ran into the arms
of the Albatross, that vessel being only
two and a half miles away. The Alba
tross hoisted the signal' to heave to, but
the Alpha kept right* on.
The Alpha is a twelve-mile an hour boat
while the Albatross is ten on the booki
and it takes all tl}e wind out of her to
do nine. The Alpha edged away, and al
though other flags with orders written
in more virulent type were hoisted, she
still kept on and soon was out of reach
of the Albatross.
VANCOUVER, B. C. June 20.— The
steamer Alpha, which arrived here on
Sunday night, the first 'ot the Cape Nome
fleet, owes it only to good luck that she
was. not caught ¦ by one of Uncle Sam's
revenue cutters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
British Ship Landed a Cargo at Nome
n and Slipped Away Without
Paying a Cent of ,
Duty. j
Paid No Attention to- the
Signals of a Revenue
Cutter.
i
STEAMER ALPHA
IS NOW LIABLE
TO SEIZURE
DISCUSSED MANY PLANS TO
IMPROVE SUNDAY-SCHOOLS
X£lT3 SAltf FK'AJSTCiSCO UAlili, XJHL'ujBailA-Yj" JTJ1NE 21, 1900.
7
PROMINENT "WORKERS AT
THE SUNDAY SCHOOL CON
VENTION IN SAN JOSE. '
1EEM CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 pep Year*
AMUSEMENTa
Backache Cured
**. Deas Mbs. Pinkham :— I write to
thank you for the good Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound has done me.
It is the only medicine I have found
that helped, me. I doctored with one
of the best physicians in the city of
New York, but received no benefit. I
had been ailing for about sixteen year«,
was so weak and neryous that I could
hardly walk ; had continued pain in my
back and was troubled with leucorrhoea.
Menses were irregular and painful.
Words caflnot express the benefit I have
derived from the use of .your medicine.
I heartily recommend it to all suffering
women." — Mbs. Maby Babshikgeb,
Windsor, Pa. . :
" Dear Mbs. Ptxkham : — I have used
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Cora-
pound according 1 to directions, and can
say I have not felt so well for years as
I do at present. Before taking your
medicine a more miserable person you
never saw. I oould not eat or sleep,
and did not care to talk with any one.
Now I feel so well I cannot be grateful
enough to you for what you have done
for me." — Miss Edjta Fbedebick, Troy,
Ohio, Sept 10, 1899. V.l^
I have been this way for a long time,
and feel so miserable I thought I -would
write to you and see if you could do me
any good."— Miss Edna Frederick,
Troy, Ohio, Ang\ 6, 1899.
"Dear Mns. Pixkham:— I have a
yellow, muddy complexion, feel tired
and have bearing 1 down pains. Menses
have not appeared for three months;
sometimes am troubled with a white
discharge. Also have kidney and blad-
der trouble.
Relied on Sirs. Fink ham and Was
Cared. •
-¦¦ .'- • s ¦'"
Sliss Frederick's Letteri Show now She
KIDNEY TROUBLES OF WOMEN
ADVESTISEMENTS.
EECON'D AJCD LAST WEEK.
Zrtry ifigbt, including £aad»y. Hitiaet Eatnrflay.
KELLAR
the gri:at magiciax.
Pmcrtinjr a Wonderful Programme of
MYSTIFYING MARVELS.
PRICES — 25c. Soc. £»0c. 75c and 31.
—NEXT SION-DAT—
...HENRY MILLER...
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY.
C XIGHTS — MATINEES WEDNESDAY AXD
SATURDAY.
The Comedy. "MISS HOBBS."
Seats now ready— I!3c. SCc, We, 75c, $1. $1 SO.
THE MOST ATTRACTIVE VAUDEVILLE
BILL OF THE SEASON!
CHARLES E. GRAPEWIN, assisted
by Miss Anna Chance & Co.
MUSICAL DALE.
VAN & NOBRIGA CO.; THE MARVELOUS
MERRILLS: SYDNEY DEAN'E; McDON'ALD
BROTHERS; AMERICAN* BIOGHAPH.
Last .Week of
JOSEPH HART AND CARRIE DE MAR.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
Wiri box seats, f.0c.
Matln**« WtKlnepdaT. Paturdar and Sunday.
- Next Week— THE FOUU COHANS.
GET IN LINE EARLY
Tf Toa Want to Bee a Great Productloa of
A Milk White Flag
Kov Eela» GSven by '
Dunne & Ryisj's ALL-STAR CAST,
ah Tbl» and JCext Week. Matinees Batunlay
Only.
JJext Play, HOYTS Latest Success,
"A DAY AND A NIGHT."
AXD LAST WEEK
Of the Enormous Comic Opera Success,
MADELEINE
or THE MAGIC KISS.
Playing Nightly to Crowded Houses!
Snrit by »n Unrivaled Company. Including
EDWIN STEVENS, ANNA LICHTEU, FEIt-
•^ RIS HARTMAN.
Fver.ir.p* et f. Matinee Saturday at 2.
¦Vext Week— Revival of the Operatic Gem. -
—"THE GEISHA."—
Reserved Scats Are Now On Rale! !
«OPULA» PRICES ...25 and 69 cents
3-UfUi-A* Telephone Bueh ».«.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTEKNOON AND EVENING. '
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
flALL SDBDUIHfl WALLACE
SPECIAL~TO-NIGHT!
THE AMATEURS IN SPECIALTIES
AND A
APPLE-EATING CONTEST
AFTSR THE VAUDEVILLE.
Order Beat» br Phone, Park a.
EVERY XIGHT. IXCLVDINO SUNDAY.
THIRD WEEK
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE "WHITTLESET.
The Ra&lnff Sensation,
Seats — 15c, 25c. 35c, 50c.
ONLY MATIXEE SATURDAY.
Seat* Eix Days in Aivsr.ce, at Box Office
Only.
\
PHONE MAIN ZZ2.
THIS WEEK ONX.T.
Jufiscn Erusie's Immensely Successful
Rural Urania.,
A Homespun Heart
PRICES— ID?, 15c. 25c and 50c
Good reserved s*?at In orchestra. Saturday
Matinee, 23c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Mcnday evening, July 2-THE XETV
FRAWLET COMPANY. In Israpl Zane-
¦wiirs drama of Hebrew life. "THE CHIL-
DREN" OK THE GHETTO." Sale of seats
commences June 28.
ASlUSEMXNTa
No. Prtae. No. Prlz«. No. Prize.
4 80 64 16 231 24
413 40 C62 IS 583 16
604 24 658... 16 666 40
672 80 724 40 1037........ 40
1122 40 1246 40 1368 40
1764 40 1795 16 1793 40
1S20 16 1821 40 1919 16
1923 16 2018 80 2028 40
2158 16 2171.. 24 2193 16
2206 120 2453.. 40 2536 24
2676 40 2719 40 2S63 40
2936 16 2957 SO 3135 120
3189 40 3195 24 3274 120
8348 40 2369 24 3681 16
3729 16 3853 ., 80 3875 4»
3S89 24 3912........ 16 4040 16
4130 80 4132 80 4136 16
4154 24 41S3 16 4197 40
4285.. 40 4332 24 4698 40
4S»94 !4 5001 24*5074 ,... W
6115 16 8130 16 5140 24
5174 16 6218 24 5380 16
6441. 16 5483 24 5552 16
B866 40 5692 40 5697 40
5713 16 6855 16 5879 40
0966 24 6059 40 6209 24
6347. • 80 6411 40 6526 ;.. 24
6609 80 C626 16 6641 40
6643 40 7001..*.... 24 7263 24
7362 16 7372 24 73SS 18
7413 24 7428 16 7561 24
7734 16 7842........ 24 7878 40
$033 24 8124 18 8329 18
8396 16 8446 400 8580 16
8789.. 16 8904 40 8947 80
8961........ 16 9093 21 9186... 16
9243 -24 9307 24 9768 16
9910 16 9968.. 16 10071 16
10105 80 10120 16 10141 80
1027S 40 10410 40 10G35 24
10669 40 10716 24 10753 80
11096 SO 11184 24 11402 16
11494 120 UG33 16 11719 16
11S40 80 12008 16 12050 40
12161.. 24 12164 16 12340 «5
12341 16 12349....'.... 24 12389 IS
12404 16 12447........ 16 12529 24
126S9 24 12794 16 12810 16
12S33 16 12843 40 13153.* 40
1S241.. ...... 16 13257 16 1336S 15
13419 S00O0 13477 16 13667 40
13676 16 13695 16 13742 2*
13374.: 16 13994 16 14078 18
14092 40 14117 80 14122 24
14M8 16 14238 24 142S3 24
14202 40 11468 16 14501 24
14558 16 147S5 24 14796 Su
15173 16 15391 24 15547 16
1J355 8O|15750 16 159S4 1»
160Q1 40 16264 400 16327 40
16399 16 16U2 24 1K63 16
1CG32 120 17117 16 17332 24
17J34 16 17362 40 17376 16
173i»7 16 17447 80 17461 40
17610 24 17621 » 17714 16
17723 40 17988 16 17994 16
18057 4»|1SO95.?. SO 18133 16
1S233 -24 18396........ 40 18495 40
18513 16 18630 40 18S24 40
19021 40 19146 40 19175 16
19544 24 19669 16 19S33 40
20060 16 20093 24 20094 4<>
20537 16120614 16120656 16
20684 24|20794 16|2OS94 16
20920 16120358 40(21016 80
21053 16 21104 40 21197 1«
21336 16 21462 40)21851 40
21947 SO 21361 ."... 120 22081 16
22162 24 22205 40 22808 16
2?S39 16 22S32 16 22932 21
23417.^ 40 23811 16J23S95 16
23909:!^ 40!24183 24[24266.i 16
242S3 16 24307 2*124331.1 24
244S4 16 24717 16:24733 1«
24746 16 21764 18|24S17 40
24930 16 21836 16jJI4SC7 24
2452? 16 24969 16 25025 16
25OS3 24 25189 24|2S245 16
23633 80 25642 80 25748 80
2576S 16 25798 16 23SS2 U
25S96 16125613 80 25993 80
263DO 24 26514 80 26389 IS
27(106 24 27147 ¦ 24 27232 89
27249 16127382 '24 27387 16
27496. 24 27546 80 276S8 24
27746 40 27757 16 27778 18
27933 16J28029 40 28108 40
28245 24 2S459 16 285 06 U
2S125 16 28785 24 2S843 W
23965... 80 28988 40 29072 4<>
29078 SO 29273 24|294M 18
29714 24 29718 16|29721 18
30224. 24130324 24(30332...' W
30495 16 30552 24 30613 1«
30641 24I3O7C9 24 30721 16
30729 16131011 16 31133.. 24
31265 16131354 16 31372 80
314S4.. ...... 2431582 16j31663 40
31S99 1631921 24 31923 M
31938 16 32060 40 32127 16
32227 2432327 16I32448 40
32479 16132612 40132638 18
32736 40|32770 16|32S39 24
32893 16132943 16133143 120
33187 24133253 t 16(33300.. i-i 18
33334..- 16133553 40 33750 24
33756 4033764 24133766 16
33S20 16 33S89.. 16 33915 IS
34076 40 34U5 16 342G4 120
34266 40 34270 40 34284 16
34361 16 34381 16 34460 16
34478 16 34653 40 34678 24
3473S 16 34908 24 35C35 24
35015 80 35067 80 35128 40
33216 24 35245 40 35266 14
353C6 40 35328 24 35439 80
354S6 1635538 16!35540 16
35572 40 35660 80(35662 40
35750 16 36024 24;36171 16
36197 80 3622S 40136245 40
36264 24 36399 16136442 16
36443 16 36616 16 36081 16
36727 80 36924 16137042 16
37052 40 37078 400 ; 37093 80
37102 16 37332 16 37476 16
37620 24 37735 24 37796 16
38129 40 3S591 16 38665 16
3S682 16 3S700 16 3S843 80
3S356 16 38960.." 24 3S979 120
3S9S3 16 39C08 16 39024 40
39043 ... 16J39158 24 39226 24
39321 400 39S56 16 39873 16
89S93 80:39960 24 40009 16
40042... 16 40046 .16 40143 120
40319 16 40497........ i*40 40670 80
40705 40 40789 ....16 40825 16
41511 40 41567 24 41613 16
41623 16 41694.. •16 41707 16
41727 24 41S35. ....... *tt 41S77 40
41923 24 42021 16 42233 24
,42258 16 42403... 16 42472 16
42508 40 42574 24 42592 • 16
42614 40 42S11 40 42845 16
43113 40 4316S 40 43274 16
43279 24 43420 16 43435 16
43652 24 43820 16 43925 40
43956 16 4-U1K. .„-... 16 44219 16
44381 24 44137 16 44706 16
44S11 80 44973 16 4.'0O4 40
43140 16 45165 40 45199 24
45369 24I4547S 24 45703 40
45742... 40145787 24 45801 80
45807 24145834 16 45846 16
45956 24 46091 16 46092 4000
46213... 16 16429 16 46456 2000
46460 16 46613.:: 80 46618./. 24
46624 16 46649 *> 120 46694 16
46827 SO 46SS0 24 47020 40
47030 2» 47174 24 47217 80
47251 16 47393 24 47433 40
47474 1647481 1OC0 474S3 16
47539 16 47549 £. 16 47601 24
47881 16 48025 SO 4S144 16
48200 40 48248 24 48455 16
48603.. 80 4S622 16 4S6S7 16
4S923 16 49053.. .. k ... 16143112 24
49142 16149222. ...V. 40I4923S 16
49354........ 16 49451 24149514 1«
49558 16 49578 16 49718 8a
49769 80 43S36 24 49898 1«
49905. ....... 16(49926... 40 50101 16
50131.. 16 50176.' 24 50274 18
50290 80 50315 16150344 18
50425 16 50527 14 50655 24
5C866 16 50957 16 50961 80
50392 24 51054 40 51196 24
51431 16 51442 16 51458 16
61654 2451706 12OiE1801 80
51S38 16 51913'. 16 52053 1«
52214 16 52238 24 52297 18
52400 1652461. 16 52722 24
528S2 16 52931 40 52936 40
63132., ...... 16 53155 16 53244 18
63363 24 534S9 •.. 120153504 16
63506 24 53823 24 53346 24
63S53 24 53879 16 54044 '. 1«
54130........ 24 54342 24 54352 16
64434 801154438.. 16 54571 16
54577 16154582... 24 54625 16
61623 24154750 24|54770 24
54956 - E0'54996 .... 40155158 120
6532S 16155354...'..... 16J53356 1«
65SS1 16 55483 16|55540 / 24
655(51. j 24 55680 16I5S6S3.. 24
BS685 16 55787........ 80 55822 ' 16
KR94. ....... 24155900 12055920 24
56142 ' 60 56344........ 16 £6451 8C
56474 2llo64S0 80156590 1«
56C37........ 241366.-5^ 40[366S6 «
E6BS8 16 56700...; 16156731 14
E8SS1 1656931... ' 24157C64 - 4(
575S4.. ...... 24 57614 24|57774 \i
57828 16I57S62 24157937 1<
58000........ 8058086 ..24 58139 4C
C8141.. ...... 16 5S522 24 58562 1(
58706 16 5S7S6 24 58994 2-1
5f>157. ....... 24159212 2459637 If
59192. ....... 40160032..... 24 60041 4(
60132... 16160221. 16 60378 4(
6O4CS... 16 60G32 16160613........ i\
60665 16 60767... 40161033 If
61232 24 61?.33 16|61598 If
61K2O 16 61627... 40161762 2^
61S29 ...'- J24 61938T,'.....-. 24 62002 4(
62r>83.. 40 62133 40 62215 ¦¦ J<
625S7.... 24 62245..... >.. 16162287........ 1 (
62360 40 62429 "... 80162533 g(
62554 24 625S8... 18|62ST>3 1<
62672........ 40 62723 16162759 \y
62SS4.. 24J63174 16I631S4. \ %
63254. ....... 16163457 .-.. 24'63S00..\ i,
63707 16 63731... 16164059 g<
64078 24 64C86..1 16164178 l<
, 642W. S0I643S3. .(..... 16164479........ 41
64361 .' 40164611 ..80 64644....;.*..; 2
64(170 16164861 40 64923 ?•
60OSI.. ...... 16|6512f>..".' 40 65143 ;.. n
65241........ 40I65335.. 16 65376 »
65447........ -16 654r-0 40 65S28.. ...... n
6.16SS........ 16 65768........ 16 65843........ \\
6?.960.. ....... 24t66U6........ 24166228........ i,
'66279.;..'.... 24NW316. ....... 16165337........ &
66339. • 24166450 16(66503 .... 8001
66622......:. . 4066768.. 24 66730 41
6T.S53.. 40I6G90I. :1666384 4i
67006.. ...... 40I67C54 24I670SS.. ...... 2
67112........ 4OI67160 120 67201 Ji
i 67221... 40[672S2 16(67344 Jj
Honduras, C. A., Saturday
. dune 16. 19OO.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.)
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.1
Single Number, Class "F." Puerto Cortez,
NUMBERS
—OF THB-r—
Honduras National Lottery Co.
ADVXKTISmCEIJTS.
MORE
1 y Li Li \itl B \2 JbsE 023 i
More Prosperity!
RATIFICATION
IN HONOR OF THE
Republican Nominees
FOR
PRESIDENT! VICEPRES1DENT
—AT THE
MECHANICS' PAVILION
EVERYBODY INVITED,
GEO. STONE,
Chi'.rrr.an Republican State Central Com-
mittee. W. M. CUTTER, Secretary.
No. 4 Prta«.INo. Prize. |No. Prize.
67363.. ...T.. 8067709 21:6773d 16
67-300 1587804 40 68062 80
6S0&9. 188S219 16I6S251 13
68136 40 68387 40J68397 IS
68586 24 68659 80168773 H
68795 24 6SS90 40:68837 21
6S95S 16 68983 16iS9037 21
69110 40 69143 16|6D144 40
63157 120 69263 16,£>*3T" 2 *
69871 24 69990 .... 16170005 16
70233........ 40 70317 16|7O330 2»
70372 40 70464 16,70470 24
70643 16 70902 40 70038 40
71565 24 71626 24 71651 80
71759 2*71819 16 71S.>3 21
71S78 16 71879 16i71890 80
72041 40 72053 16 72118 21
72309 16172350 40 72357 IS
72457 40)72589 24 72716 SO
72769 1672310 24J72SSI 1^>
73381 24 73489 16173519 18
73S36 16 73717 16 73733 40
73749 24 73324 24 71127 40
74172 2474241 16 74408 1«
74166 40174684 1SJ74759 24
74883......... 24174367 16)73102 2t
75223 1673239 IB 75385 M
75*06 2473353.. i 16.75368 2»
75578 16J75609 21|73617 *<*
75643 24)73673 40173722 4>
75791 24 75794 40(75806 40
76085 24 76128 18176134 *>
76135 24 76346 4OIT6370.. .- 120
763S2 1676392 16,76103........ 1*
76458 16 76497 lSUfciM 8>> ]
76621 16J76704........ 1G|7688» S»
77090 16177144 S0i77174 40
77191 40177326 "IIP™ k - I*
i 77G31 f 34|77663 24)77686 2}
177721 16i77771 12Oi7SOO3 V>
7SC67 24178102 16|7S372 129
7S451 8078470 16|7S514 40
7870S 167SS61 21179044 21
79157 1670199 16179237 IS
73273 18(79346 16i794»9 v 21
79554 80|73370 1SI79S08 IS
79823 16179825 24|73S6O Ij
79953 24 79389 24180016 15
8C0S8 16.80076 l«iSOU78 21
80315 24|80333 2t)S0%63 21
80776 S0|8CS85 24180883 40
: 808S3 16(80346 24 81141 4>*
; 811f3t 16!81102 S0ISU78 2t
81553 4OJ81641 24;81677 43
81603 24131723 40|StS35 *!>
81922 UIS2163 16,32233 15
! 82243 24182263 16|S^73 16
; 82318 16iS234i> 16!*2346 SO
i 82?S1 15 82455 15iS2654 10
82773 40 82853 16JS2SS3 1»
8W36 24S3007 15183107....... *»
83189 16 8320? 16^3236.. •-... 2»
JUH16 :... 24 S3?32 1«,S3362 £¦>
83373 24 82731 16 !p^ ;?
I 83910: 80183948 24,M03o 2J
84217 2484234 4O;S4283 ITi
84300 M8-B70 16.S444O *>
«44S0 2484534 24|84.-»-6 -Vt
184567 » 84383 WgU «>
81814 4OS4919 24180002 18
: 85031 IS 85091 I! HH2 11
83347 40183714 Z* : Zifl[ Vi
85914 16 86016 24 1 86064 40
SC096 24 86228 16 ! CM ,« , ft
86337 16JS636S lfiSSSCO 40-
86616 80:86648 16.S56S0 16
86753::..:::. isise^ la^sss »>
86314 40,S6993 24 87092 1*
87263 2J87315 40187374 2t
87404 24S7443 M 87448 2J
87473 21,87187 «.?2ri £
87557 16187732 JflEK if
87766 80187813 21 : 8.94 21
8S001 1618S090 16:SS10S *0
88220 '• 1618S280 40|88327 VI
88675 „. 16188706 21iSS954 lb
89134 24189158 15 S339t IS
89452 16183163 24JS916? S»
nm 24iS9tDO 161WK13........ tt
89551 24"S9690 16JS3S13 40
9CC42 40:90136 1S90223 1«
90235 24(90336 1S;9«»22 24
9O«19 24I9C632 1S;3OCK> 2t
90709 16!9O723 169C776 16
90857 16I9091D 16'31003 2»
91339 80191749 16 91397 24
93008 16102212 80 92210 IS
9J275 80)92309 16I92451 1*
92464 169248S 40192314 18
92539 24(92386 24.92S36 24
92S3S 80J92S20 40 93124 19
93129 16 93209 • 16 93461 #>
93466 100093647 24 93R61 40
93704 80i93737 24j33S47 21
93891 16133324... 2493 ( >2S lfi
94OC9 S0194032 24 9406(5 40
94234 161M261 40194376 14
94168 ,. 18194438 24.94531 24
94/30... 21|W631 204720 12')
947« 16!34779 24194323 40
94S65 16194992 16J94993 40
95011 1605191 40;5.-.213 IX
95242 16!93271 24 9S313 ?.. 24
95504..; 16|95584 24;9362G 18
93853 169'972 40;9614"> IS
96311 1619C367 1*36405 40
96463 24196545 1696616 18
9C6S8 8096695 16196777 IS
96815 2496U31 169705S 40
97228 241973C6 8C137543 1U
97730 16(97802 16,97*83 80
I97890 16197377 16 9S231 8'J
98290 40I98310 80198351 40
95356 24)98369 JI 98563 4<>
9S572 24 f 9SSS8 40:93634 S)
9S734 24198732 1698825 lfi
98990.. J 16199047 16JS9G92 2«
99142 24199274 40J99376 Irt
99425 40199449 24,99r.33 15
936S3 16199708 24'99710 1G
99756 1619932S 16| '
Approximation prizes— 10O numbers from 13355
to 134K), Inclusive, betns 50 numbers en each
side of the number drawing the capital prize
One hundred numbers from 66439 to 6*533. In-
clusive beJnK 50 numbers on each side of the
number drawing the capital prize of JSOOO— $21.
One hundred numbers from 46042 to 46142. In-
clusive being: 50 numbers on each side of the
number drawing the capital prize of |4C0rt— $16.
Terminal prizes — 990 numbers en. line with 19.
being- the two last flxures ot number drawlne
the capital prize of *30.000-*S.
Nine hundred and ninety-nine numbers ending
with 09, being the t^fo last flpure3 of number
drawing the second capital prize of JSOOO— tS.
The subscriber, having: supervised th# single
number drawing at Class F, Honduras National
Lottery Co. hereby certifies that the above ara
the numbers which were this day drawn from
the 100.000 placed In the wheel, with the prizes
corres»x>ndln* to them.
Witness nrv hand at Puerto Cortez, Honduras,
C. A . this Saturday, June 16, 1900.
r. •,, V W. L. CABELis Commissioner.
$15 000 *"OR »1— OXK-HALF OF FIRST CAPI-
• TAli PRIZE OF J30.000.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, County of
Suffolk, ss.
Richard Boland. being duly sworn, deposes
and says that he resides at 8 Fayette street. In
the dtv of Boston, In the County of Suffolk,
and Commonwealth of Massachusetts, that he
is the rightful and bona flile owner and nckler
of half Ticket No. 92.570 of the Honduras Na-
tional Lottery Company of Puerto Cortez.
Honduras, and which number drew the first
capital prize of $30,800 of the drawing held May
12. 1900. at Puerto
Sworn and subscribed to beSore me this sec-
end <*^£ n R y-^RCE AU , Notary Public.
State of Massachusetts. County of Middlesex.
City of Somervllle— S3.
A L. Flanders, being duly sworn, deposes
and* saya he resides at 108 School stre«t. Rox-
bury County of Suffolk, aforesaid State: that
he Js the true, rightful and bona flde owntr
and holder of quarter ticket No. 92.5*0 of the
Honduras National Lottery Company of Puerto
Cortes Honduras, and which number drew the
first capital prize of thirty thousand <*30,PVt
dollars at th? drawlr.g held May 12. 1900 in
Puerto Cortei. Honduras, and that he received
the' amount of said prize in United States cur-
rency In full, without ««£££&
y Justice of the Peace.
JSOOO FOR $2— WHOLE OF SECOND CAPITA!.
**™ PRIZE OF tSOCO.
State of Tennessee. County ot Shelby—
MEMPHIS. Tenn.. May 22, 1300.
I tm the bona flde owner of whole ticket No.
62 223. Class "E" drawing of the Honduras
National Lottery Company held May 12. 1300.
at P»uerto Cortes. Honduras, C. A., which num-
ber won the second capital prize ot eight thou-
sand '($8000) dollars.
. L. C. LEA. «4S Main street.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 22J
day of May. 1900. EDWARD.BOimNE^ '
MOOO FOR C— WHOLE OF THIKD CAPITAL
* PRIZE OF J4C0O.
H R_ Williams of St. Louis, being duly
¦worn, deposes and says that he Is the true
and. rightful and bona flde owner of whole
ticket No. 29,876 of the Honduras National
Lottery Company of Puerto Cortes. Honduras,
and which number drew the third capital prize
of four thousand ($4000) dollars at the drawing
held* Saturday; May 12, 1900, In Puerto Cortes.
Honduras. H. R. WILLIAMS.
Sworn and subscribed to before me this 21th
day of May. 1900.
THOS. W. CARLET. Notary Public
-My commission expires February 23. 19C4.
The original? of the foregoing affidavits
are held, by the president of the Honduras Na-
tional Lottery Company (Louisiana State Lot-
tery Company).
SUTRO BATHS
T?TQpiIC'D»C CONCERT HOUSE.
rlbtnUn D Admission 10c.
LAUBARDI OPERA QUARTET AND SIG.
ABRAliOFF, In La«t Act of • "L.A FORZA
DEL DESTINO." Elizabeth R. Mowry, Dra-
matic Soprano," and Isabelle Underwood.
Reserved Seats, 25c Matiaee Sunday.'
OPEN NIGHTS. .
Open Dallv from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing' from 7 a. m. to 10 p.m.
ADMISSION" 10c- CHILDREN* 5c.
Eathlns. lacludlns admission, 25c; children, 20c.Dr. F. L. Platt of San Francisco read a
paper by Dr. Clyde Payne of New York
en "The Implantation of Gold Capsules."
The paper was followed by a general dis
cussion. First Vice President A. F. Mer
riman Jr. then read a paper on "Discrlnv
ination in the Use of Cohesive and Non
cohesive Gold In Filling Certa'n Cavities."
Lively discussion followed the reading of
this paper, which treated of a new process
in dentistry. The paper to which the con
vention listened with most interest, how
ever, was that of Dr. H. F. iletcalf.
"Operative Dentistry" was the subj€-ct.
and the field covered was naturally a wide
one.
Drs. Platt. Prather. Fletcher. Barker,
Metcalf. Seager. Root, Merriman and Talt
had each much to say. their remarks be
ing ma4nly in approval of this paper. Be-
THE second session of the twenty
ninth annual convention of Califor
nia Dentists was called to order yes
terday morning at 10 o'clock fiy
President \V. J. Lewis of pakland in tho
auditorium of the Y. M. C A- building.
food with the insouciance of a veteran.
Other interesting clinics were: "Replac
ing Facings by Means of Dr. Bryant's
Bridge Repair Tools," by Dr. W. J. Tay
lor, Sacramento; "Root Canal Filling
With Silver Points." Dr. S. L. Strickland,
San Francisco; "Root Canal Drying and
Contour . Approxlmal Filling With Moss
Fiber Gold," by jJr. F. E. fPague, San
Francisco; "Porcelain Inlay," by Dr. A.
H. Wallace. San Francisco. Dr. F. W.
Harndon operated a toy blacksmith shop
and showed the dentists how to manu
lacture their tools at home. l
At the evening session papers were read
as follows: "The Evolution of Decay,"
by Dr. A. C. Harf of San Francisco;
"Prosthetic Dent.siry." Dr. I. \V. Hayes,
Grass Valley; "Infectious Diseases of the
Mouth," by Dr. J. Loran Pease; "Supple
mentary Report on Orthodontia." by J. ;
A. \v. Lundborg, and an illustrated paper
on "Microscopy and Bacteriology," by Dr
A. C. Hart. . ' *
The convention will meet this morning
at 10 o'clock. This being the last day of
actual work a great deal of business will
be before the convention. ~-g>?*~.
fore the adjournment of the morning ses
sion it was decided to hold the election of
officers this morning at 11 o'clock. No
electioneering will be done. An informal
ballot will be taken. One of the three
members with the most votes will be
chosen for president. Dr. A. F. Merri-'
man Jr. is a strong favorite and -will prob
ably be elected. Dr.Merriman is at pres
ent first vice president of the association.
In the afternoon the complicated dental
exhibits, which have been placed in the
hall, found a use. The clinics were mat
ters of profound Interest to the dentists
and a much larger crowd was present
than had listened to the papers in the
morning.
Over in the corner ¦where Dr. A. ". F.
Merrlman operated. Dr. C. H. Mllberry
offered himself as a sacrifice to science
and had his occlusal- cavity filled with
combination cohesive and non-cohesivo
pold. The buzzing of dental wheels and
the muffled gronns of patients made some
of the spectators' teeth ache. For these
there was "malted milk," frozen Into a
sort of icecream. Dr. Strickland operated
behind the bar and ladled out the patent
EXPONENTS OP ODONTOLOGY IN PROFESSIONAL AUD TJNCONVENTIONAL POSES.
INSURANCE MAN IS
CALLED BY DEATH
W. A. Scott Passes Away
at His Horpe in San
Rafael.
' Washington- Council Outing.
The outing of .Washington Council; of
the Young Men's Institute" to: Camp Tay
lor will take place Wednesday, the 27th
The Typewriter ' Inven tion.
A ' statistician has proved 'that ; the ¦ Invention
of' the" typewriter." has : : given 'employment ; to
BOO.000 people, : but he falls .to * state ; how ; many
cased of weak etonaachs and' dyspepsia 1 1» • hag
Induced.". All people ¦ of ' sedentary occuijatlon
need- Hostetter'a I Stomach Bitters. .'¦ It helps
nature te : bear the "strain "which 'ensues ¦ J'rcm
confinement and it'- is : a l wonderful : medicine.
No one . realizes 'this- more" keenly 'than, xhe
man i or '. woman > who i has beeu cured of Btom
oca trouble by lta >.^,
Outing : Club's .Trolley. Party.
The Carnation OutIng»Club Rave-Its first
trolley party; last Thursday evening.? the
following meinfiers participating: Mr. Dos
Spar, president; Miss-L. "Wich t;* treasurer;
A. Amiot.v secretary;; Mlfls-B.OettH, ,J.
Kanna, Miss M., McDonald, . H.Dorglbr,
Youth Wielded a Razor.
Charles McArdle. 18 years old, living at
S23 Dolores street, imbibed too freely la«t
Tuesday night. He entered" a restaurant
and after partaking of a meal refused to
pay for It. When remonstrated with by
the proprietor 'he pulled a. razor and
threatened to carve any one who would
attempt to intercept him. Policemen H.
D. Jackson and C. Staples tried to arrest
him. • McArdle flourished his razor and
made an attempt to cut Staples. The of
ficer struck the boy over the head with
his handcuffs, inflicting: a scalp wound.
McArdle was, taken to the hospital .and
later charged at the City {Prison with as
sault with a" deadly; weapon.
W 1 IL.LIAM A. ¦ SCOTT, .a- well
known business man of this city,
died early yesterday morning at
his home in San Rafael.
Mr. Scott had been' a resident of San.
Francisco for many years and at one ,tlmo
occupied a "prominent position In Wells,
Fargo & Co.'s Bank. He left that insti
tution- to enter the Insurance brokerage
business and successfully managed ttie
same until his death. His relatives 'were
surprised at his sudden taking on*, though
Mr. Scott had been in poor health for the
last few, months.
Mr. Scott, was the son of, the late Rev.
\V. A. Scott and a brother-in-law of A. W.
Foster, president of the ' California
Northwestern Railway. He was a native
of New Orleans and 57 years of age. < He
had ' been a widower for • a number of
years, but -two sons and a daughter sur
vive hlrm "Ebenezer Scott, secretary and
treasurer of the Chamber ~ of .¦ Commerce
of this city. Is a brother, of deceased. ';
-The funeral will take -place "this'after
noon at 2:30 o'clock from St. John's Pres
byterian Church; corner of California and
Octavia streets.'gtaS^gStjglggBMMI
Bunko Man Convicted.
Frank Foster, a well-known bunko man,
was convicted by Judge Conlari yesterday
on a charge of vagrancy and 'will be sen
tenced to-day. H Policemen Ross, Leonard
and Burke testified. that Foster was con
stantly hanging around the Palace and
Grand hotels and- enticing : strangers to
rooms to fleece them. . . • * ."
The lowering of the height standard by
the Rngiish military authorities Is believed
to have caused a boom in enlistment.
S"T JOSEPH'S PARISH
PLANNING AN OUTING
Officers and Committees Appointed to
Have Charge of Annual Picnic
at Shell Mound.
Preparations are being made by the
members of St. Joseph's Church Parish
for their annual picnic, to be held at Shell
Mound Park. July 28. Friendly rivalry ex
ists between the several parishes over
their annual outings, and the people of
St. Joseph's are making an effort this
year to get the best attractions and have
the most fun.
Yesterday there was . a meeting at St.
Joseph's Hall which was largely attended
and plans were laid for the coming event;
The' following officers and committees
were selected:
President, J. •'J. Dowlfngr: vice president O.
E. Treacy: pecretary, E. C. Curtis; assistant
secretary. Miss AI. Simpers; chairman of prlre
committee, R. P. Doolan. . .'¦¦¦.-
Committee on music— F. Schilling (chairman),
John Fltztrerald and J. J. Mlley.
Floor committee — T. R. Hamilton Cchalrman),
John McNerney and P. Kelly. ,
Committee on games— J. J. Mlley (chairman),
JamPB McElearney, James McDermott, Daniel
O'Neil and Thomas Nolan: I
J. N. Turner, Bemoved by Governor
Gage in Absence of Charges,
Wins His Suit Against
Recorder Godchaux.
-. -
Notaries public are not subject to dis
missal at the pleasure of the Governor,
according to an opinion rendered by Su
perior Judge Seawell yesterday in the
case of J. N. Turner vs. Recorder God
chaux. Turner is onfe of the score or more
of notaries whose . appointments were
revoked by the Governor a few . months
ago, for no stated reason, but because It
was tinderstood. that his, predecessor In
office had done the Fame thing.
Turner sought legal advice after his dis
missal, and to make a test case acknowl
edged a deed executed by F. W. Kessling,
which Godchaux refused to record, on
the ground that it had not been legally
acknowledged. Turner • instituted man
damus proceedings before Judge Seawell
to compel the Recorder to enter the in
strument, and the court ruled that God
chaux must do so.
I Judge Seawell held that under the sta
tute a notary public- is appointed for four
years from and after the date of his com
mission and may not be removed except
for cause. As Turner was appointed Sep
tember 4, 1893, his term of office does not
expire until September 4, 1900. ¦ '
"I am" of the opinion," said the court,
"that the office of notary public to which
Turner was appointed was created by the
Legislature and not by the Governor; that
any statute delegating to the Governor
the power to create such an office would
be unconstitutional; that not having cre
ated the office the Go%-ernor has no power
to abolish It, or to remove the Incumbent
prior to the expiration of his term:
"The term of office of a notary: public
Is fixed and his duties fully defined by
the Political Code. He is required to give
an ofUcial bond In the sum of $5000. and
upon hi* death, resignation or removal,
"his records must be delivered • to the
clerk of the county, who must deliver
them to the notary's successor when
qualified." •" : -
Judge Seawell Says They
Are Appointed for
Four Years.
NOTARIES ARE
NOT REMOVABLE
WITHOUT CAOSE
Divine Healer and His Knife.
Mrs. Juanita I^arson, 129 Taylor street,
stvore to a complaint in Judge Fritz's
court yesterday for the arrest of Christian
Pederson. divine healer, on the charge of
assault with a deadly weapon. She al
leped that June 13 Pederson made a thrust
at her breast with a knife, but she dodged
and the blade was hurled in the wall.
Miss M. Dps Spar. T. McDonald, Miss C.
Anderson. B. Amlot, Mist; O'Neil, Mr Bljr-
Sin and R. Des Spar.
At the opening of the second day's ses
sion of the Grand Grove of California of
the United Ancient Order of Druids there
vrero present IIS representatives. Forty
three who did not attend the first session
on Tuesday were admitted.
Frank Lewis, George H. Burk, George
11. Bahrs. F. Cavagnaro and H. J. Goller
were appointed a committee on honored
dead. •
Louis P. Dunand, J. A. Devoto and H.
J. Goller were appointed a committee on
Janies A. Devoto, L. F. Dunand. J. G.
Johnson. A. M. Bianchi and A. Rose were
appointed a committee on Druids' Maga
zine, th*> official organ of the order.
The committee that attended the ex
emplification of the second or bard's de
gree at California Hall last Tuesday uight
presented It5 report, and on that report
the fir*t prize was awarded to Galileo
Grove and the second to Aurora Grove.
Charters were granted to the following
grove* instituted during the year: Fra
ternity, at Napa; Olive, at Colma; For
tur.a. at Angels Camp; Stockton at Stock
ton: Cltympia at Ban Francisco; Benicia,
at Benicia; Sempione. at Santa Rosa, and
Orange, at Los Angeles.
The appeal of L. Simi against Alpine
Grove vas dismissed. That of C Sgan
zini agratnst Aurora Grove was dismissed.
Jacol> Sowafh's aj>j>eal against Washing
ton Grove was FUftpined and the case re
manded to the grove. In the appeal of
Galileo Grove again?t Bianchi the action
of the committee was reversed, the deci
sion of the grove expelling Bianchi for
conduct unbecoming a Druid being sus
tained.
The following recommendations of Noble
Grand Arch Martinoni were approved: Al
lowing groves discretion In the matter of
initiation fees, provided that such be not
less than $5: that tho noble grand arch be
allowed 125 for contlnpent expenses when
called upon to institute a new grove; the
formation of associations of past arches
for the purpose of keeping alive the fra
ternal relations which have existed be
tween those who have reached the highest
nation in the subordinate gro\ - es. such to
be organised in cities where there are two
cr more gToves aud In districts In which
there are several groves.
To-day the Grand Grove will elect its
©fi'.eers= and supreme representatives. For
thf» latter office there will be a great con
te.-t, as there are a number of candidates.
Considerable time, it is expected,- will be
taken up In the discussion of the report
of the committee on the official organ.
There will also be a contest for next place
of moptinsr. Santa Rosa, Modesto and
Stockton ivishine the honor.
Last evening there was a grand ball in
Odd Fellows' Hall In honor of the grand
officers and the representatives. The hall
va.< crowded with Druids and their
friends, who enjoyed a well-arranged pro
grarame of dances. The committees hav
ins: charge of the affair were:
Arrangements — J. Hacaiv (chairman). J.
F. Rossi (y\re chairman). F. Horn (tr< v as<
urer>, J. J. Mollison <Fecretary), C. Lester,
C. BeTKhoffer. A. Pauber. C. D. Ems. F
Laborde. O. Pauchon. J. M. Wolff. C.
Carlson. G. Petersen. X. C. Barrades, J.
L. Gomez. E. C. Luchessa, G. Raprgt, A.
Costa, F. Roux. M. J. Enos, A. Avanslno.
D. <> rcshino. L. Palmer, 8. E. Kearney.
A. Valsanelaeorao. M. Bianehi, Mrs.
Smith, C. Herpst. N. Dimmer, E. Johnson.
John Gosh. A. S. Hall, Mrs. "Williams,
Mrs. Martin, Mrs. A_, Thornhlll, Mrs.
Muir. H. G. Armstrong, G. Pattarga. Q.
Fontana.
Floor— J. F\ Martfnonl. manager; H. G
Armstrong-, assistant; R. Hig-uera, L. A.
Wolff. M. Joubrrt, J. Godeau, E. Johnson,
Mrs. M. Martin.
Reception— H. Lan^e (chairman). W. G.
Antonovich. R. D. Barton, C. Herbst. T*.
Palmer. Mrs. Smith. Mrs. Brown, G. Del
Carlo, E. C. Luehessa.
Becomraendations Adopted — Past
Arches' Associations May Be
Formed — Grand Ball In
Odd Fellows' Hall.
Winners of Prizes for the
Best Exemplification
of Bard's Degree-
ANCIENT DRUIDS
STILL AT WORK
IN GRAND GROVE
Interesting Papers and Clinics Render Gathering Profitable
and Pleasant to Delegates Who Attend From
SECOND SESSION HELD BY
THE CALIFORNIA DENTISTS
HtSp&r ¦ - , '- ' - .'....,¦ -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 21, 1900.
THE LATJ^ W. A. SCOTT.
8
Central California
4 Quart Bottles, $3-29
Express Charges Prepaid. .
HIGHEST GRADE FOR MEDICINAL OR
family; use. We give you the benefit of the
middlemen's profit; besides, you are guaranteed
the certainty of
ffl/p PURE WHl:KEY -^JJ
Nothing on caBe to Indicate contents. Money
refunded If not Eatlafactory. Twice tne price
could buy no better. Reference, any business
firm and commercial agencies.-
P, LP"RA!M & CO.. Distillers' Agents.
18 MontO.oimry St., S- H., CaJ.
Bole. Agents French Colony Vineyard Co., Inc.
San Jose Is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome Is Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
In every resDect. with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further information call
at "Traveler" office, 20 Montgomery . St.. San
Francisco, or address ' _ - > '>.
GEO. P. SXELL. Mgr.. San Jose. Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3U Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the TTuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTHT CLT7B
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAt, CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unlqua ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
.-.-'* GEORGE W. THOMPSON.
'".*- 621 Market et.. San Francisco.
Or BANNIKO CO..
222 South Spring st.. Los Angeles. Cal.
Clean Mud
That cleanses the system of tainted
blood. Made of fresh c-arth and hot sul-
phur -water, sent up fmm Nature's store-
house, in the famous HOT MID
Paso Robles Hot Springs
No winds, no fogs, no staging. Rates
for hotel, baths and physician. $10 to $21
a week.
SPECIAL SOUND-TRIP REBATE TICKET!
Illustrated booklet and further lrttpr-
mation of
FRANK TV. ELY. City Agent,
Tel Red 23-".*. 640 Market st., S. F.
Otto E, Never, Prop., Paso Robles, Cal.
KNIWINGG0.
103 Post St., Near K?arny. S. F.
Beautiful Xew Styles
f£h ¦ Ladles'. '
VtJF Gent's and Children's
Mjllk Bathing
¦¦"^fflRfe 1 * •••ouiia
M\\ ll \^^ V (Alpaca and Knitted)
HjjIJU) At Prices to
j=*=ct Suit Everybody.
VJS .**_j.-. Sweaters, Jerseys, Golf Vests,
Z^^f- -—^ Jackets, Leggings. Sport-
Vy Ins Goods.
«T ¦*€?• Send for Illustrated Cata-
logues.
UURD SPRINGS
J. CRAIG and II. R. WARNER. Mkts.
Swimming Tanks. Bowling Alleys, Croquet
.and Tennis Grounds. Hot and Cold Mineral
Baths. Competent Masseurs. Fine Livery.
Hunting Horses and Dogs. Bxperienced Ouldes.
GEO. W. WATSON*, the famous Hunter and
Fisherman (so many yeara at Bartlett) will be
here to welcome his host of friends.
OVER SO MINERAL SPRINGS.
Rates— $10, |12 and t" P*r week.
Re«ldent Physician. Advice Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Electricity.
Hotel and Cottaees. lathed and plastered.
COOL ROOMS. Plenty of Shade.
BEST PAID ORCHESTRA IX LAKE
COUNTY.
Danclns In Eallrocm every evening; Geors^
W. Watson. Dandn* Teacher. Tennis and Oalr
Tournaments Weekly. .
ONLY GOLF LINKS IN LARKTOUNTT.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGE HOTEL, or
call on L. X>. CRAIQ. 316 Mor.torom-ry street.
Highland Sprlne* Mineral Waters on sale at
OAKLAND PIONEER SODA WATER CO..
Thirteenth and Webster streets, Oaklan d.
AH REN'S. PEIN & BULLWINKLE. 620 Post
street. San Francisco.
For further Information call at Traveler
office, 20 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
Located In the midst of Brand and IrapressJr*
mountain scenery, with Mount Shasta
and the Crag9 for a
background.
FTXE HUNTING AND FISIIINO.
Unsurpassed cuisine and service and reason-
able rates.
RAILROAD FARE, round trip, incladin*
sleeper bctb ways. $14.
For rates, terms and other Information ad-
dress: E. B. PIXLET. Manager.
Care Pacific Improvement Company.
Crocker Building. San Francisco.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Soda Springs.
And...
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
Dr. C. C. O'DooneH's Mineral Springs
At Glen Ellen is the b-st camplny. picnic and
pleasure resort on the Coast. The greatest
remedy for lung disease, liver and stomach
complaints, rheumatism nnd catarrh In the
world: « miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and S F. and X. P. R. R- Rive special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished:
rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oak at the
nark. Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C, C. O'DONNF.LL. office 1021H
Market «t.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health this is the place to go.
j visit OR- JORDAN'S great , i
iHUSEUH OF flHATQBSYi
I Cfe I0aa£B8K6T.tit.6iJ?A,tF.&L ( '
. tlj The Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe
t m* 'Aji^l- World. Vreafenerses or any contracted i
SIB VOW disease p*-»ltl"rely cnro*by the oldest
) lfil;ji Speaills: cu the CotM. E?tj6yaat» < I
' tiflrft 03. JOBDAH-PRIVATE DISEASES -
, ¦'(^i'wSH Co,«ultttlon free and itrktly print*
I f jSSya Tr« itment - personally or by letter. A i
B If Ts w f**Mt* Otraln e»e»y ate undertaken. ~'
\ in n IK» Writefor Book, PQ(I^OSOPaV«r>
' B ll* WABaiAGB, MAILED FRIltt. 'AV
v fj ¦ JJL . valuable book for ami)
' DR 1OBDAH A CO.. 10U Market St., B. P. < '
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL.
Iron and Magnesia Springs. The;e celebrated
springs adjoin Bartlett Springs. FUhlng: hunt-
ing: home cooking: good beds: tt 50 to HO week;
cottages for housekeeping. MRS. H. UOPPLN.
Bartlett 'Sprl^ss. Cal.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Take Tlburon Ferry, 7:30 a, m., to Ukiah,
and staae to
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
$9.50 round trln. Write for booklet.
J. MARTENS, Proprietor, Bachelor P. O.
City office. 416 Pine st.
The Place Jop Rest nnd Health,
Orchard Springs,
IK THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA NE-
vada. near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain,
quiet retreat : finest scenery, water., mountain
air fruit and all-the-year-round climate In Cal-
ifornia- ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad. 136 miles from San Francisco; |8 a
week- open all year: send for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.
California and Larkin Sts.. San Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MERP.Y, Proprletresa.
THE WELLESLEY,
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NETV MANAGEMENT.
[ . A. npuiMMW; Mapa Soda Springs P. O»
ST. KLLtNA . SAixlTAKiUJL .SSSS'^'K
Napa Valley. The institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as beins a
fully ¦ equipped sanitarium. ¦ Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Addr»ss
SI. HELENA SANITARIUM, St. Helena, CaL
TOURISTS can get flm-cltMt ric from H. A.
ELTjRED, Ukiah, for all' summer resorts, at
reasonable rates* Eagle Stables. Tei. ?• J-
KLAMATH HOT' SPRINGS.-
The healthiest resort In the pretties* county, la
California. ; Trout fishing— finest In the State—
:" Shovel Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting — '
, plenty ; of game , in "surrounding, mountains—
.. grouse, quail; deer and bear. * EDSON, BROS.,
; I'roprletors, -; Beswlck,,. Siskiyou -. County, ; Cal.
VVALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. Flr3t-ctass • table.
All kinds of. dairy produce. Fine spring water.
Rates $7 up. • Send for circular. C. H. W
BRUNING,- Santa" Rosa.' Cal.
DR. HALL'S HEiNViGORATORpOp!
Five hundred reward, for any B»3<SF :^£3[
case we cannot cure. This secret BS8 B*3
* remedy stops all . losses In " 24 B^>" ¦¦" : 'A
hours, curpsi Kmlsaions. Impo- 335H KK*!
tency. Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea,' Rxi RS
Oleet. Fits. —Strictures, : Lost 1^1^ S.WJ
Manhood and all wnKtlrc effects MSQ J^K
of self-abuse or excesses. Sent fcKfiKBGS&sd
tealed. .»2 bottle;: J bottles. 15: -guaranteed to
£SJ?-. anyc * Ee ' Add ress HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, '85S Broadway, • Oakland. - Cal. Also
for sale at 1073% Market St.. S.*F. All.prlvata
fllaeaaca qulcWy^ cuxe<L Seal £oc tree book.
THt GEYStlRSVc-^
. ONE OF NATURE'S SWONDERS.
.Natural -steam: baths, swimming, fishing,
hunting and livery." Wrlteltor pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMER. Manaccr. v
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME
Rmn Francisco. r allf <r>niii.
STUDIES WILL BE RESUMED MONDAY,
Augurt C, 1900." Dolorc-s t>t., near Sixteenth.
POLYTECHNIC 5
Great Business Training and Shorthand School.
Has the largest and best equipped depts. in the
Wort. 300 ynung m*n and women wanted. Every
graduate employed. Free catalog. Oakland. CaL
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Bosrfiing and day echool for. young ladles, 2128
California Ft., will reopen August 6. 19C0. Ac-
credited to the Universities; primary department
for children; carriage wlU call. - REV. ED-
WARD B. CUUliCll. A.M.. rTlncij4L
¦"VO^FJVIBTF^-S'* hours from San
¦ VrOIUlTll 1 Li"rrancl5co,- via the Big
Oak Flat route. , Stages leave Chinese Station
on line Sierra R.- H. dally. Round trip from
San Francisco Xll. . For further Information call
or. address AVM. ].~ WHITE. Oeneral Agent
630 Market St., 8. F.; telephone Main 51S2' -
Kenilworth Inn; Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, btl-
llanla. lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly first class.
For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. MARTINA.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A Quiet ranch, five
miles from Santa Crua; 'delightful summer
home in redwoods; running water: abundance
fruit, good tabls; terms 15 50 week. Address
tV. CItA SPELL. Santa Crua. Cal.
KEYSEK & WATSON. Hopland. convey tour-
ists tr> Highland Sprlnss. Kelsfyvllle. Carlsbad
Springs ami Lakeport. -The best of turnouts.
GLEN" OAK3 RANCH — Nice surroundings:
coiufortable rooms; . good table; convenient
location. Addresi F. QUIEX. Gien Kilen. Cal.
THE Tallman House. Upper Lake. Home cook-
Ing; rrasonable rates. Headquarters for tour-
ists and commercial travelers.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co. ;, fine fishing, boating, bathing and
-, hunting; In the heart of the mountains. Tb-
best-table in Lake Co. Address O. WEIS-
MAN. Mldlake P. -P.. Lake Co.. Cal.
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
IOOC MARKET 6T.— Actual business book -
E — Ov> keeping; only expert accountants
and reporters as teachers. GrVTgg shorthand,
the eat left. . fastest end most, readable. Day
ar.d evening.
DUNCAN SPRINGS "HOTELS & 0P B»?
Unequaled soda and magnesia waters. CJood
fcr all stomach, kfdney and -'liver troubles
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. HOWELL, Hopland,
Mendoclno County, Cal.
ELHONTE HOTEL,
magnificent view and first-class accommoda-
tions.' .Large sunny rooms. Special rate* to
families. Free bus meets every train; ii miles
from. Pan Francisco. Fare $1 So. ¦
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
BAN JOS1\ CALIFORNIA,
WILL RESUME STUDIES OS TUESDAY
Augurt 7. ISOO.
CALIFORNIA HOTSPRINGSUlclfi/n'te
Springs ; | new management ; a place of comfort
air seasons; .46 miles from San Francisco, via
Tlburon ¦ Ferry. - Railroad station on .hotel
grounds;, extensive swimming tank; $10 CO and
up per week; : round-trip $1 10 'on Sunday.
COOPER & STEWART, Agua Caltente. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place in Lake County to
spend your vacation. Beating, bathtng, bowl-
ing tennis* livery, new walks, etc. Writ* for
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Lake County, Cal,
MILLS COLLECE AND SEMINARY
GRANTS DIPLOMAS ANEl CONFERS DE-
irrees; fpmlnary course accredited to the
Universities; rare opportunities crfrered In tnuslc,
art and elocution. Write for catalogue to MRS
<\ T. MILLS, Pres.. Mills College P. O.. Call
Thirty fifth year; fall term opens Aug. 8, 1S0J
RFDWOOD HEIGHT^ SSS^^rS:
Joining house. M mile from station: boating and
bathing 14 mile from house; plenty of fresh
fruit, milk 1 and cream: hor?e and bujrgy for
driving. Address MHS. G. W. BBBEE. Guer-
neville, Sonoma County, Cal. .
for families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ularly Open June 1. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMcT^S, Independence Lake, CaL
INDEPENDENCB LAKE
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate,
fine fishing, excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak. no pests. An Ideal spot
Yr 0 ' TOCALOMA, M^ s
BEIiTRAND HOTEL— First-class accomrocH
datlons; reasonable rates; for families and par-
ties; fishing,- bathing, beautiful drives to Bear
Valley, etc. JOSEI'H F. BEUTRAND or Pahr»
shoe Ftore. 824 Kearny st., 8. F.
PARAISO HOT SPBINGS, Carl8 A b^ P o } f 0a .
Monterey County, CaL— For health, rest.
climate that cannot . be equaled; up-to-date
accommodations; beautiful scenery; profusion
of flowers; hot soda, sulphur and electric
baths; swimming tank 30x60 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and' fishing; chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
dance hall; large hotel and 30 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families; all
Illuminated by gan. By train " Third and Town-
eend streets, San Franctsoo, 5 a. m.; First .and
Broadway, Oakland. 9:10 a. m. dally -for Sole-
dad, then by stage over beautiful level road 7
miles to springs. Round-trip tickets. IS. at S.
P. office," 61S Market' street. / Telephone and
postof flee. For Illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther ¦ information address E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
PLANTATION nOUSE-?. 5 SS 8 .S?°S
*tag» line. Good trout fishing; plenty fruit,
cream and milk:- free conveyance for parties ot
two or more: gTacd redwood scenery. Address
J LUTTRINGER, Seavlew. Sonoma Co. or ap- ,
ply MR. KRCSE, 207 Front »t.. for partlmlars. 3
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stige
of the Diseasj.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other Treatments Failed
' to Even Help.
There ( hRs been discovered by the Bute
Medical "Institute. 203 1 Elektron '.' building, Fort
Wayne, Ind., the most remarkable Blood Poison
cure ever heard of. It has cured all such in-
dications as mucous J patches ' In j the ' mouth,'
sore throat, copper colored spots, chancres,
ulceratlons on t he body ¦ and % in . hundreds .foi
cases where the hair and eyebriws had . fallen
out I and the ¦ whole skin was <v mass of bolls,
pimples and ulcera, this: wonderfulipeclflo has
completely chanced f. tbe . whole , ' jody Into ' a
clean,' perfect condition of physical lealth.
Everj- railroad running into Fort -Wayne, bring*
scores of sufferers seeking thla new and marvel-
ous euro and to enable those why cannot travel
to realize what a truly mnrvelaus work tbe In-
stitute la accomplishing they .wlU: send free to
every sufferer a, free trial treatment, so . that
every . one ; can ¦ cure themselves in • the i privacy
of ; their, own home. ; This Is the oily known
cure for : Blood , Poison. T>o~ not ' nosl tate ¦ to
write at once and the free trial : -y 111 be Bent
scaled in : plain package.' - '
ST. MATTHEWS' MI S,
BAN MATKO. CAL. For catalogue and illus-
trkt»U circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. P.. Rector.
NAVIGATION SCHOOL
Eft 1?7!. Men and women taught In one
month the scle-nce of navigating a vensel arownd
the world. Privately if desired. Marine t-nel-
T.e?rs prepared for license. CAPT. VOV
BCHOBN. M. E.. etc., principal, « Market st.
CARLSBAD E N R c A s L .
Most beautiful spot in Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed fcr dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations flm
class: $10 a week: llshted by gas.
W R. McOOVERN. Kelseyvllla. Laka Co.
SAN PAPAEL, CAL..
Hitchcock School,
v FOR YOUKG MEM. AND BOYS.
* Separate Eoomt. Gymnasium, Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS AUGUST 14TH.
IUEV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
Ertablished over a third of a century; has a
national reputation, and was cne of the few
t .'¦• ¦¦ l.« selected to represent the development
of commercial education at the Paris Exposi-
tion; over 17,000 graduates successfully apply-
ing their knowledge; 200 graduates annually
j '.;<- »-1 in position*; 23 teachers: open tbe entire
jcir; new 80- page catalogue free.
R0WARDENNAN
IN THE SANTA CBCZ MOTJNTAIN3.
Now open and offering every charm to pleas-
ure and health aeekers. Boating, swimming,
fishing, tennis, croquet, billiards, bowling alUy.
golf links, good driving and saddle horses, su-
perior table. Campers" ticket from San Fraa-
clsco, J3 CO. Full information at Traveler ofSc*.
2-> Montgomery St.. or B. DICKIN'SO.V, Lessee.
Een Lomond. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three miles from UKlah. Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths: only
place in the world of this elass of water*
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal spring;
accommodations and table* first class. Open*
April 15th.
J. A. REr>EMETER & CO.. Proprietors.
JiiiiP tE6C5) "
# cure for rheumatism
SnfflfifiQ and malaria.
O|JI BllM3j Addresl> A BETTERS.
Msr. Byron Hot Sprtnjrs. Cal.
Cltv Of fire. Room 30. 3* f!^nry sti-»et.
O ~*~ The Sanitarium o
ByrOfl theCo.ist.THeb-
U physicians recom
flOl mend it as the onh
QK'ArrC HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
O*V/-*VIVlO County;i only *\* hours
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural bath In State; grand mountain
tcenery; good trout streams at door; telephone,
telesrraph: daily mail and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stages : round trip from
San Francisco only $3 50. Take Tlburon ferry
at 7:J0 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, J.' a day or
112 a week. References — Any guest of the past
five years: patronage constantly Increasing.
J. F. aXULGREW. Proprietor.
FAMO.US
GILROY HOT SPRINGS .
Tbe waters are noted for their thousands of
cure3 ot Rheumatism, Gout, Lead anj Mercurial
Poisoning, Liver and Kidney Diseases, Neural-
gia, Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnificent
¦cenery. delightful walks. Hunting and r.sh.
Ing. No tog*. Unequaled for health, rest and
lecreatlon. Rates. $12 to $14 per week. Train*
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. F., 9 a.
m. and 2:45 p. m. dally. Carriages at Ollroy
for springs. For illustrated pamphlet* addresa
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
OCEANEXCURSIOHS
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.. San Francisco
to Victoria, Vancouver, Seattle, Tacoma and
other ports of call and return. 11 days' trio.
San Francisco to Seattle and the Inland Pas-
sage to Slcafruay. over the.Whlte Pass Railway.
down the Yukon to Noin.?, returning by ocean.
J) to B days' trip.
Fan Franrisco to Seattle, thence per gteamer
Senator. July II. via Juneau, Skaguar. Glacier
Ray and the Inland Passase. in st«ht of Mr.
Bt, Klias via Unlmak Pass and Seal Islands
to N'ome. thence to East Cape and Siberian
coast, crossing the Arctic Circle and passing
Into the Arctic Ocean and return, about 45
days' trip.
F\m rarticulars In pamphlet, entitled Alaska
Excursions. • "TICKET OFFICK— I Xew Mont-
gomery St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
cnrecl Cy these
Iiittle Pills,
Tihey also relieve Distress from Oyspeptfa^
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per.
tect taaudf tor Dizrineaa, Nauslfea. Drowsl.
ness, Bad Tastem the Mouth, Coateo fengu*
Pafn m the Side, TORPID LIVER, They
Ri^ulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetibte.
S»naU Pill. Small Dose*
Smaff Pt-fce,
I REST SPORT
CORONADO BEACH
I '„-"-'¦ - 1 - ¦¦",¦; '¦'¦.• - ''¦•. i . ¦'¦""¦...¦¦' :¦'""¦ '-
! '•--¦¦¦'*':-•:•.
i Noted for perfect climate ths whola
j year, day and night.
its TENT CITY is
HIE IDEAL CAMP LIFE. U
' You are sure to have a soood time*
; there. Inquire about It at ? Nevr
Montgomery st.. San Francisco, or
E. S. BABCOCK, Manager.
J Coronado Beach. Cal.
?^ /^
? sr " is A ?
I H Natural Mineral Water?
+ /%j2* kntwn for centuries and 4
0 $i$f\ Imported o
° AfM 0NLY IN BOTTLES. ?
o For BJsorfored Stomach ?
f VliwaMlia ' * n^ Indigestion- ?
2 ~r^Pr*~x>i Its Talu8 nas been testI - 0
T IJgEgispjigtj n * a to by thousands. ?
T * " ViCBV So-called Vichy In Sy- 9
q *hm^MiP» . phons I
o &§l|l IS N0T VICH Y. ±
? IOgs[j|| Got the Genulna. £
9 Tour phj-eiclan O
4 A. VIONIia, Di.trikoticf Agent J
-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o ¦*¦ o-*-o-*-o -*-o-*-o-*-.o-*Statue /Beaches Paris.
v PARIS, 1 ; June ; 20.— The ' statue of-Wash
ington * presented . to 'the City.' of i Paris ' by
the? Daughters 'of the American* Revolu^
tion' arrived » in Paris - to-day. :• The i pedes
tal already b«en prepared and. the
horse- was immediately hoisted -upon it
The . unveiling will take v place July 3. '
Delegates in Attendance Addressed
by O. W. Stewart, National .
Chairman. >. .
TOPEKA^, Kans., June 20.— The State
Prohibition Convention to-day named the
following candidates for, State offices:
• Governor, Frank Holsinger.of Rosedale;
Lieutenant Governor, W. L. Coreyell of
Medicine Lodge; Attorney General. M. V.
Bennett of Columbus; Secretary of State,
Rev. .B. -,-H. . Moore of Arkansas City;
Treasurer, H. C. ZInk of McPherson; Au
ditor, W. M. Howie of Garnett; State Su
perintendent, G. I. Winans of Clay Cen
ter; ' Superintendent of . Insurance, A. j H.
Griesa- of LawTence; Congressman at
Large, B. C. Hoyt of Goodrich.
. The platform reaffirms its loyalty to the
National Prohibtion: party and denounces
"President McKinley and his army can
teen." An additional resolution recites
that "there Is a saloon in full operation
within 400 feet of the entrance of the
•Cansaa prison at. Lansing, said joint be
ing supplied with water and electric light
bj T ;the officials of said prison," in the face
of protests from the Christian people ot
Lansing, .and resolves "that Governor
Stanley 1 be requested to Immediately re
move said; prison officials from office."
There were fewer than fifty delegates
jn attendance. V O. W. Stewart of Chicago,
national chairman, addressed tne conven.
tion;'--"'.' fv ' ¦ -."' ' -"~ v ' ; " : :. ':'.'¦ '
SOUTHERN REPUBLICANS ,
PREPARE TO CELEBRATE
KANSAS PROHIBITIONISTS
SELECT THEIR NOMINEES
Henry Atfstin Adams, the lecturer, in
terested and charmed another San Fran
cisco audience last night at St. Paul's
Hall. The speaker chose for his subject
the character and influence of Sir Thomas
More and it is needless to say that he
discussed his theme with that ability
which has marked his other addresses In
this city. The lecture was given in aid of
the building fund of St. Paul's Church
and the presence of hundreds of people
who crowded the hall was evidence that
the financial returns were substantial.
Rev. Father Connolly, the pastUr of St.
Paul's, is determined that a new church
shall grace the parish, and last night he
had the satisfaction of knowing that
many dollars had b«en added to the fund.
Preliminary to the address of the even-
Ing the boys and girls of the pariah gave
several vocal selections ar.d well deserved
the applause they receive!. Mr. Adams
sought in his characterization of the
great English Catholic to draw for hi*
hearers lessons which they may apply to
the conduct of their daily lives. The
speaker pictured More in hi3 various as
pects as politician, statesman, lawyer and
citizen. More, he said, was a man of the
people, a splendid model for the Catholic
laymen, a man who suffered martyrdom
for the thought of duty that was in him
and left to humankind the superb exam
ple of a life well lived and a reward well
won in the consciousness of duty well
done. The lecture was eloquent through
out and won the tribute of frequent ap
plause.
LESSONS IN THE LIFE
-;' OF A GREAT CATHOLIC
General Opinion Among the TJeler
gates That the Proposition Will I
Not Pass.
MILWAUKEE. Wls.. June 20.— The ques
tion of the permanent organisation and
incorporation of the international mining
congress was discussed among the mem
bers at the session to-day and the general
feeling appears to be that the proposed
organization will be defeated.
Resolutions were introduced to-day by
Governor Prince providing for a call to
Congress to establish a bureau of mining:.
This is the first open move for the recog
nition of the mining industry, and it is
the nucleus for wide and extensive cam
paigning by mining men of the country to
secure a governmental bureau.
The resolution says: ,VThe magnitude
and importance of the mining industry,
which has now reached over $800,000,000
annual production, call for the establish
ment of a national department of mining,
the chief officer of which shall be a mem
ber of the Cabinet"
William J. Morgan of Milwaukee Is
talked of for president In opposition to
President Montgomery.
TBOTJBXE OVER A JAPANESE.
Vice-Consul Takagi Alleges Law Has
Been Violated.
EprxAel DUpaicb to The Call.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash., June 20.— The
zealousness of the local Immigration In
spector to stop the influx of Japanese may
cause serious complications. IC Fuji!, a
Japane**. while confined In prison here
on the charge of being a pauper immi
grant, died last week within thirty-six
fiuurs after his arrest. The attending
rifcvsjcian certified that death was due to
heart failure, resulting from worry and
excitement over Imprisonment. The
Japanese Vice Consul Takagi of Tacoma
MINING CONGRESS WILL
NOT BE INCORPORATED
One Person Killed and Six Badly In
jured at Destruction of the
Morrison at South *
Bend.
SOUTH BEND, Ind.. Juno 2).— One man
was killed. e!z seriously injured and a
number of others slightly burned In the
destruction by fire this morning of the
Morrison Hotel, located on Vistula ave
nue. The killed:
L. C. SMART. Hudson. Mich.
Seriously injured: *
Mrs. F. Smith, F. Smith. Fred Meyers,
Adrian. Mfch., traveling- agent; John R.
Joimson, South Bend; Michael Lynch,
South Bend; William Allen, Muncie, Ind.
The fire, which is supposed to have been
of incendiary origin, started shortly after
1 o'clock and was followed almost Imme
diately by a terrific explosion. Before the
lire department arrived the whole build
ing was In flames and many of the puests
of the hotel barely escaped with theih
liven. Mrs. F. Smith, an actress, was
blown through one of the windows and
had one of her legs broken, besides being
seriouslv burnwi about the head. Hei
husband. F. Smith, cut off from escape
by the stairway, picked up their little
child and leaning far out of the third
story window dropped the infant into the
arms of a fireman on the walk below.
The child waa unharmed. Mr. Smith waa
rescued by the firemen. . •»
Is Dropped Three Stories
Into the Arms of Fire
man Below.
REMARKABLE
ESCAPE OF BABE
AT HOTEL FIRE
Attacked After Stepping From a Car
and Her Clothing Almost Torn
From Her Body.
ST. LOUIS. June 20.— Another woman
was assaulted to-night for riding on the
Transit Company's cars. Soon after MIsa
Joan Welsh alighted from a Vandeventer
avenue car at the Lucky street Intersec
tion, she was set upon by two colorea
women, who knocked her down with theli
fists and boat her quite severely.
She cried loudly for assistance, but not
withstanding there were several witnesses
to the assault, no one volunteered to pro
tect her, and it was not until her dreat>
had been badly torn and her face lacer
ated that she escaped the fury of her as
sailants. . .
INTERESTS THE, CO AST.
Pensions Granted, Postal Changes,
Postmasters Named.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
WASHINGTON, June 20.— Pensions Is-
Eued to-day: California: Original— Frank
Morris, Soldiers' Home,' $6; Charles Mul
ley, Stockton, $8; Nelson T. Cutwaters,
St. Helena, $6; Timothy Corcoran, Vete
rans' Home, Napa, ¦ %6f : Increase — David
M. Fisk, Unft-ersity Station, $16; Albert
Taylor, Red Bluff, fS; Hugh Passon, Oak
land. $30; James H. Murray, San Jose,
$10; Peter Lorenzo " Clark,' San Jose, $8;
Charles AV. Hough, San Diego, $12; Wil
liam Pooler, Gilroy, $10; Myron Spears,
Soldiers' Home, $10; "John Dutton Both
well, Soldiers' Home, $S. '
Oregon: Original— Jesse T. Kidd, On
tario, $8: Eli Smith, Fier, $6. Increase —
Ira H. Dunham, Ashland, $10.
Washington: Original— William M. Post.
New Whatcom, $t>; Thomas Armstrong,
Montesano, $S. -- Increase — William F.
Coyle, Walla Walla, $17.
C. S. Wlnson has been appointed Post*
master of Wedderburn, Curry County,
Or., vice A. L. Duncan, resigned.
Elinor D. Pratt of San . Francisco and
Mrs. Cornelia E. Shlrland of Sacramento
have been admitted to practice before the
Interior Department. . .
The Civil Service Commission has an
nounced a special examination, for post
office clerk end carritr at Vallejo.
Endowment for Brown.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Juno 2O.—An
nouncement' was made- to-night that cash
annual pledges- for the endowment of
Brown University had been received
amounting to $1,076,106. Marsden J.. Perry
came forward at the last moment with a
present o/ J25.W0. and Frank A. Sayles
gave $50,000. Just a ; year ¦ ago an offer
came from John D. Rockefeller to give the
college $250,000 in case $750,000 was raised
within a year.
Death of Dr. Finigan.
SAN JOSE, June 20.— Dr." Lawrence Fln
igan, a prominent; dentist of this city,
died this evening of heart trouble. He
was a native,of Ohio and flfty*three years
of age. Deceased was a' member of the
police and fire commissions. Dr. Flnlgan
served in the Fiftieth Ohio Infantry dur
ing. th«» Civil War. .A' widow and daugh
ter survive blai
Bill Beported Having for Its Object
Uniformity in the Laws Gov
erning Practice.
"WASHINGTON, June 20.— At to-day's
session of the American Institute of
Homeopathy nominations for officers of
the institute for the ensuing year were
reported as follows:
President, Dr. W. W. Van Baun of Phil
adelphia? Dr. A. B. Norton of New York;
vice president. Dr. George Royal of Des
iloines; second vice president. Dr. V.
Ward of San Francisco; secretary,^. Dr.
Eugene Porter of New Yorte; recording
secretary. Dr. Wilson A. Smith of Chi
cago; treasurer. Dr. T. Franklin Smlth*of
New York; board of censors. Dr. Oeorpe
B. Peck of Providence, R. I.; register, Dr.
Henry C. Aldrich of Minneapolis, Minn.
The committee on medical legislation re
ported a bill providing that the President
of the United States be authorized to ap
point a commission consisting of three
phyFicians representing respectively the
American Medical Association, American
Institute of Homeopathy and National
Eclectic Medical Society, which shall ex
amine the existing legislation of the vari
ous States and Territories on the subject
of the -regulations to practice medicine
and surgery and that said commission
shall as ppeedlly as practicable make a re
port showing what legislation is neces
sary to secure a uniform and effective
standard of qualification for the practice
of medicine and surgery. The resolutions
wer» unanimously adopted.
- At the meeting of the section of sani
tary science* Dr. C. E. Fisher of Havana,
speaking of the sanitary redemption of
Havana, told of the marvelous transform
mation that had been made in the Cuban
capital by the military authorities and of
the great improvement in general health
resulting. \
ST. LOUIS WOMAN
BRUTALLY BEATEN
has been here investigating the circum
stances and securing physicians' affidavits
and evidence.
Takagi says it is a plain case of viola
tion of the laws, as no Japanese immi
grant may legally be imprisoned. If ar
rested and detained bv the Immigrant
Inspector the steamship company bring
ing him must take the immigrant back
when illegally landed. He will lay the
evidence before Consul Hayashi at Ta
coma, who will determine whether it is
advisable to have the Japanese Minister
present the matter to the Secretary of
State at Washington. . Meanwhile he will
confer with Collector of Customs Heustis
at Port Puget Sound, with regard to the
conduct of Local Immigrant Inspector
Beach, who, it is claimed, for the past
few months has indiscriminately arrested
incoming Japanese and thrown them into
prison to await examination. The state
ment that immigrants cannot be Jailed is
liable to involve both the city and county,
which received the Japanese arrested.
Both now refuse to accept detained Immi
grants.
OFFICERS NOMINATED
BY THE HOMEOPATHS
royal collections. Aa in many another
Instance, Invention has crowded art to the
wall and will probably keep her there un
til mankind awakens to the fact that a
truly beautiful thing which takes time to
fashion is quite as potent a factor of well
rounded civilization as* a device for sav
ing time. Then, and not till then, "when
we have leisure to be happy and strength
to be simple, we shall find art again."
Primitive devices for timekeeping, such
as the sun dial, the wick timekeepers of
the Chinese and Japanese, the candle lan
tern recorder of King Alfred the Great,
the clepsydrae, or/ water clocks, and the
rudimentary weight clocks, are interest-
Ing "merely as stages of clock progression,
although their simplicity of construction
has frequently proved fascinating to later
scientists. Sir Isaac Newton, for instance,
was proud to number a water clock
among his boyish inventions. All these
early contrivances were classed under the
general name of horologia, although many
seem to have been more properly plane
taria, recording the courses of other hea
venly bodies than the sun.
The word "clock" means, primarily, "a
bell," and it is not improbable that the
"orologla" of Dante and "abbey clock" of
Chaucer were but hand rung bells sound
ing the hour Indicated by sand glass or
sun dial.
Judged by modern standards the earliest
clock worthy of the name was made in the
fourteenth century by the monk. Light
foot. 1 Strangely enough, theae first clocks
were distinguished by a far more compli
cated mechanism than were those of a
few centuries later. They not only re
corded the flight of time, but were mar
ionette exhibitions whose little figures
acted popular allegories, the mysteries of
death, the nativity and adoration of the
Magi, and announced the hours by cock
crowlngs, descending doves and animal
processions, which disappeared simultan
eously upon the stroke of the hour bell.
The famous clocks of Strasburg cathe
dral, with the frequently described suc
cession of apostles and minor figures, are
the most noteworthy Instances of horo-
Iogical automata and are too well known
to need special comment. Their counter
parts on a less elaborate scale were set up
at Parish Caen and Padua.
FAMOUS CLOCK AT ROUEN,
Mary Steps, Exeter. Above the dial 13
an alcove, in which are three figures-
Henry VIII, seated and nodding his head
at every stroke of the hour, while the sol
diers on either side of him stnke the quar
ter hours by alternating . blows on the
bells beneath their feet. Among the Exon
ians these figures are called "Matthew
the miller and his two sons." The punc
tuality of Matthew the miller, ao endeared
him to his neighbors that they substituted
his name for the one naturally suggested
by the easily recognlied lineaments of
Bluff King Hal. So regularly did this
miller go ¦ for and .return with his grist
that his townspeople told the time of day
by his proverbial promptness, and thus
gratefully Immortalized It in the follow
ing quatrain: '
Matthew the miller's alive
Matthew the miller is dead.
For every hour In Westgate Tower
Matthew nods his head.
After the more compact motor succeed
ed the weights depending from chains
or cords, * portable timekeepers, called
watches, became the fashion. The origin
of the word "watch" 1 is Involved in some
obscurity, but Ir supposed to have been
remotely derived from the Saxon "woec
ca," "to wake." Until more than a cen
tury after the main 'spring was invented
these first watches were too heavy for
pocket use. and were generally known as
table clocks, the terms clock-watches, or
oioges and table-clocks being used . inter
changeably.
v It, was but natural that the extravag
ance and display which stamped the Eliz-'
abethan age should have extended also to
tho newly Invented timekeeping novelties.
The fad of the hour, they were in great
demand among the lords of fashion, and
fortunate indeed was .the courtier who
could ' placate her Majesty's " ever- rising
wTath with one of these costly toys from
France, or. Btem the tide ; of her low ¦ In
vective, as did the Earl of Leicester, with
."one armlet or shakell of golde. all over
fairely garnished with rubyea and dya
moudes, having in the closing theaxof a
Is In operation between Lord Roberta and
Commandant General Botha."
HUNTER'S COLUMN
OCCUPIES KRUGERSDORP
LONDON, June 2a— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Lord
Roberts:
PRETORIA, Junt 20.— Hunter's advance col
umn occupied Krugersdorp without opposition
June IS. ¦ ¦
Methuen, who was escorting a - large convoy
to Hellbron yesterday routed a force under
Christian Dewet. -who endeavored to prevent
him .from entering: the little town. Methuen
had only three casualties.
Baden-Powell left this city to-day on his
return to Rustenburg. The country is quieting
down in that direction. This satisfactory state
of affairs will be materially assisted by the
capture between here and Rustenburgr. June
1?, of two guns by Mutton's mounted infantry
from a body of the enemy under Commandant
L>uplesFi6.
Railway and telegraphic communication with
Cape Town Is now completely restored. All
1^ quiet here and at Johannesburg. The shops
are oj«en and the market is daily becoming
more crowded and businesslike.
FULL STRENGTH OF BOERS
'in the free state
LOURENZO MARQUES, June 20.—Cap
tain Lossburg, an American who was en
gaged with the, Boer artillery, has arrived
here. He says General Dewet has 6000
men in the Fre« State. General Botha 2500
In the Transvaal, and that there are 1300
burghers in small parties.
LOXDOX. June 21. 4:20 a. m.— The Brit
ish have penetrated the Transvaal terri
tory as far as Machadodorp. Passengers
who arrived yesterday at Lourenzo
Marques from the Transvaal assert that
the heavy artillery was engaged and that
the Boers abandoned Machadodorp, retir
ing northward.
President ICruger is still at Alkamaar.
Roer bulletins regarding General Dewet's
operations alor.g Lord Roberts' communi
cations assert two convoys were captured
and 200 workmen, with fifty military,
taken prisoners. •'~-v,*r
It is reported from Lourenro Marques
that a resident of Komatipoort has been
arrested and shot by the Boers for com
plicity rn the breakdown of the Malana
bridge.
President Kruger's unstamped sover
eigns have been offered for sale in Lou
renro Marques at 20 shillings.
A member of the British House of Com
rnons. who has an important connection
¦with South Africa. Is telling a story of a
telegram alleged to have been received
from Cape Town which says that Mr.
Kixger has really escaped and Is already
on the seas, bound for Europe, and that
the person occupying the executive chair
Is not Mr. Krugcr, but a substitute.
Advices from Pretoria, dated June 17,
Eay an official warning has been issued
to the effect that any further wrecking
of communications will be followed by the
demolition of the farms for five miles on
both sides. ' >.
The Pretoria correspondent of the Daily
Telegraph in a dispatch dated Sunday
Bays: "An informal truce for five days
According to a Private Telegram Kru
ger Has Left South Africa and Is
Now on the High Seas.
RETREAT OF BOERS
FROM MACHADODORP
Note— This study will be concluded on
Thursday next. »
prie-dieu in an individual oratory.
Memento Mori watches In the form of a
Latin cross ¦were also frequently stationed
upon a praying desk, the less clumsy ones
being attached to the person and known,
as pectoral cross watches. These cruci
form watches were generally incased in
rock crystal, the dials beautifully en
graved with scenes from t»? life and pas
sion of Christ. Those in the form of a
Maltese cross, also of French origin, were
probably much earlier and rarer than the
one represented, which was usually heavy
and so contrived as to have not less than
ten hinged covers.
BY MARGARET AINSLJE.
I.
: Clockmaklng as a fine art Is dead, not
to be resurrected until craftsmen find leis
ure and pleasure in embodying sentiment
In form. If the deliberate, dignified time
keeper of two centuries ago be contrasted
with the nervous American clock whose
li.w^s.iA&iiib rccuius me omusn ol me
overworked, there will I be found small
cause for wonder that the names of Huy
gens, Tompion, Quare. Ramsay, Vulliamy
and Fromanteel— those whilom jugglers
with Time's handwriting— should have
been consigned to oblivion and their mas
terpieces of artistic Ingenuity relegated
to museums, antiquarian societies and
HISTORIC STUDIES IN HOME FURNISHING
clocke. «-.In the inventory of the Vinrfa
Queen** possessions may be found curious
records , of great numbers of these in
genious timepieces, conspicuous for their
cases of crystal, tortoiseshell oc carnellan,
enameled in rich colors or bristling with
diamonds, -with fine whc4e-peart pendants
hanging from the bottom of the case.
In striking contrast to these luxurious
bits of mechanism were the Memento Mori
timepieces.- grewsome little affairs, where
with the makers strove to Impress the
frivolous with time's role as admonisher
of the approach of death. Not content
with legendary warnings elearly engraved
on dial or case, the clockmakers taxed
their Ingenuity in order to make time
pieces In the shape of skulls, coffins, cru
ciilxes and skeletons. One of the most
famous of these death's-head watches was
given by Mary Queen of Scots to one of
her maids of honor, Mary Seaton. one "of
the famous "Four Marys." Death, with
his scythe and hourglass, stands on the
forehead of the skull, one foot pointing to
a cottage, the other to a palace, thus il
lustrating the adage from Horace in which
the picture is Inclosed: "Pallida mors
aequo pulsat pede pauperum tabernaa
regumque turres." c'Pale death visits
with impartial foot the cottages of the
poor and the palaces of the rich.") The
upper part of this ghastly reminder la
divided* into two compartments, in which
are portrayed the fall of man. the nativity
and the crucifixion, with appropriate Latin
quotations. The -works form the brains of
this mental cranium, the dial the roof of
the mouth and a bell which ia struck by
a hammer fills the entire lower hollow of
the skull. The metal openwork compart
ment through which the sound Is emitted
is. curiously enough, formed of emblems
of the crucifixion — "scourges of varlqua
kinds, swords and flagon and cup of the
eucharist. the cross, pincers, lantern used
in the garden, spears of various kinds, ona
with the sponge on its point, thongs, lad
der, the coat without seam and the dice
that were thrown for it, the hammer and
nails and the crown of thorns." Ther« 1*
no date to this singular Invention, only
the name of Moyse, the wizard watch
maker of Blois, whose signature waa al
ways a guaranty of exquisite workman
ship and remarkably fine engraving. From
the fact that this relic weighs three-quar
ters of a pound, too heavy for wearing:
upon the person, it is inferred that these
death's head watches, frequently orna
mented with a cross, were hung from a
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
CURIOUS CLOCKS AND THEIR MAKERS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
HONOLULU, June 13.-To-morrow will
be the greatest day Honolulu has had
since August' 12, 1S98, and the' ball in the
evening will be the grandest since the
Wiltze reception In 1S93. The spirit among
foreign and native" people now is to Join
together in the celebration and the prob
abilities are that the day will mark the
time when most of the old score will be
wiped out. " •_
The programme will begin at 10 o'clock
at the platform in front .of the execu
tive building. At this time the First Reg
iment, Nj G. H.,- and a detail from Camp
McKinley will be drawn up in front.
Seated with the Governor will be the
members of the retiring Cabinet, new
.officials and Justices of the Supreme
Court. On the platforms at either hand
will be other government and consular
officials and special guests.
As soon as the inauguration ceremonies
are over there will be a military review
by the new Governor.
Edmund P. Dole, Attorney General for
the Territory of Hawaii.
Arthur M. Brown, High Sheriff of the
Territory of Hawaii.
Fred J. Lowrey, Treasurer.
J. A. McCandless, Superintendent of
Public "Works. .
A. T. Atkinson, Superintendent Public
Instruction.
These appointments by Governor Dole
were announced in his speech to the po
lice this morning by the retiring Attor
ney .General, "the Secretary of the Ter
ritory," H. E. Cooper.
President Dole stated this afternoon
that he would probably not be able to
announce all his appointments at the
time of his own Inauguration to-morrow.
He hopes that during to-morrow some of
the names may be given out.
A meeting of the Cabinet is being held
this afternoon at which the matter is be
ing further discussed. As there is a great
deal of business to be disposed of before
the republic ce"ases to be another session
will probably be held to-night.'
,W. F. Frear, who becomes Chief Jus
tice, and A. Perry, who is appointed first
associate, are both too well known to
need introduction. The former has been
on the Supreme bench since 1833. Judge
Perry was Police Judge in ' 1S95, whence
he advanced to the Circuit bench. Judge
Hardy of Kauai and Judge Kalua of
Maul are continued in their respective
offices.
C. A. Galbralth of Hilo, the new Asso
ciate-Justice, is forty years of age, having
been born in Bartholomew county, Indi
ana, in I860. He is a graduate of the Uni
versity of Michigan, and while there was
a classmate of J. A. Magoon of Honolulu.
In 1884 he was admitted to practice law
in Texas. Between the years 1889 and 1»9S
he was in Oklahoma, and served four
years as Attorney General of that Terri
tory. To the islands he brought some of
the best letters from the Supreme Court
and other Oklahoma officials, nle was ad
mitted to practice law here in April, 189k.
A. S. Humphreys, who. becomes a Cir
cuit Judge ot the First Circuit, was born
ut Columbus, Miss... January 16. 1868, and
is therefore 32 years of age. He gradu
ated at Columbus University and January
3, 1SS9. was admitted to practice law be
fore the Supreme Court of Mississippi. In
1890 he was admitted to the bar of the
Unlua States. August 7 of the same year
he was admitted to the bar of Arizona.
He was Assistant Attorney General and
special judge in that Territory. He was
admitted in September, 1835, to practice
law in Hawaii.
K.euben Daniel Silliman.the other local
Circuit Judge, is 2S years of age, and wo3
born at Hudson. Wls. He graduated from
Michigan University, and in 1893 was ad
mittta to practice law in- the courts in
Minnesota, There he remained thr^e
years and was admitted in February, 183S,
to practice law in Hawaii. He was first
a partner with J. A. Magoon.- but subse
quentlv opened an -office of his own."
William Seabrnok Edings came here In
1S91 from Washington, where he had been
practicing law "seven years. He was born
at Charleston, S. C, and is the son. of the
late Coh>nel Edings, staff officer of Gen
eral Beauregard, who was a personal
friend of Judge A. 8. Hartwell.
Colonel Gilbert Francis Little arrived
heie in the summer of 1895 from Seattle.
He had practiced a number- of years in
Indiana and Washington. Shortly after
being admitted to the Hawaiian bar Col
onel I ittle went to Hilo, where he has
since resided. Colonel Little will be Judge
of the Fourth Circuit, which" is the we6t
side of Hawaii.
Judge Jacob Hardy has for many years
been a resident of Kauai. and Judge of
that circuit. He ia recognized as a learned
Jurist. .\ -.
The last day at the customs department
of the republic of Hawaii was a very
busy one. Among the officers the greatest
interest centered in the appointments of
officers to be . sworn in as Federal ' offi
cers to-morrow. After to-night Collector
General Stackable '"becomes, a United
States Federal officer, and he will swear
in the others of the bureau. Up to mid
night the. Hawaiian Custom-house will
remain open for business. On the stroke
of twelve it will cease to extpt and there
after Stackable's accountings will be with
Uncle Sam. -
Under the American system there will
be a good deal of difference in the way of
handling the business, both on the out
side and in the upstairs office. The out
side work will be greatly reduced in one
respect, as the Custom-house will | not
have to keep track of American yessela.
The boarding officers 1 will not have to go
out to meet and get papers of shipswlth
the American flag, and the elaborate sys
tem of- discharging,, them and'collgcting
duties from them will be '. unnecessary.
American vessels do by far : the greater
part of the business here, so that the
number of arrivals in which the Custom
house will be specially interested will be
cut down.
This week has been a very slow one for
arrivals of foreign vessels. The regular
mall steamers have brought slightly
larger cargoes- than usual, getting In
freight from the Orient that will be sub
ject to duty hereafter. - -
The outside work '.will 'be under George
Stratemeyer as superintendent, perform
ing about the same duties as he has had
while Port Surveyor, the port not having
been granted a Port Surveyor as a Wash
ington appointment. Collector Stackable
and the advisory officers from Washing
ton, with the Port; Surveyor, have been
busy for a day or two making plans for
the organization of the force: under the
new system. There •will be a lot of
changes and ; some • of the officers may
have a howl to make about reduced sala
ries. The district inspector system goes
out and the force of ..discharging inspect
ors, as well as of guards, is to be reduced.
There will be ' twelve * inspectors, • all ' of
the came rank." and twelve guards in the
new force. The salaries in both cases are
to be slightly in advance over the, present
pay. The Inspectors get ; $3 50 a day \ and
the guards 52 75. The inspectors have been
getting $100 a month -and Jfaevguards-JCO.
There are nine Inspectors a'nd about thirty
guards'.- on : duty now;- so that anumber
will not find places under the new sched
ule, r/j 1 vm iHrirj'ii i^ilriiflii 1 ! *lflHlWElii^)
The Harbor Master's office- becomes a
Territorial office lnsteatJ-.of ; being under
the customs service, as formerly.. ".--
The Bureau r of • Immigration .will con
tinue as now until the new officers arrive
Two are coming from the. States to take
charge. John W. Short,? Immigration In
spector, l»»said to be'the-man for Chief
Weigher.
Elaborate Preparations Made for the
Inauguration of the American
Form of Govern
ment-
GOVERNOH DOLE
ANNOUNCES HIS
HEW APPOINTEES
Many . Important Changes '
in the Hawaiian
Tolorj/Iq
BRYAN INDORSED.
ATJSTTN, Tex., June 20.— Contrary to ex
pectation, the Democratic State Conven
tion, which. met here at noon to-day, did
not, adjourn to-night, nor have the dele
gates been named to the National Con
vention at Kansas City. Instead of trans
acting its business with promptness, the
convention was early thrown into an
antl-exparrsion fight which waged all
afternoon and to-night. The fight waa
precipitated by 'an effort on the part of
Congressman Bailey to have the conven
tion indorse his anti-expansion views. Mr.
Bailey's political opponents and those fa
voring Senator Chfl ton, his late opponent
for United States Senator, vigorously
fought such Indorsement, and as a result
the convention has been In a wrangle all
Mr. Bailey's opponents submitted a mi
nority report to the convention to-night,
favoring expansion as against anti-expan
sion, and the debate will In all probability
prolong the 'deliberations of the conven
tion over Thursday.
There are a number of aspirants for a
position on the Kansas City delegation,
and the slates that are beinpr made to
night may, give the anti-Bailey followers
less strength than they could otherwise
secure. A large majority of the conven
tion is opposed to imperialism.
Florida Democrats Strong in Denun-
elation of Trusts,
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., June 20.— The
Democratic : State Convention, adapted a
platform the main features of which - are
the indorsement ' of -William J. Bryan for
President, denunciation of trusts, demand
for repeal of the war tax, 16 to 1 ratio of
coinage, of governmental control of.cor
porations, especially railroads; direct vote
for United States Senators; graduated in
come { tax ¦ and i reduction of tariff to rev
enue basis. ;-. ; ' . \ . ¦
Boon to Boise.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE, Idaho, June 20.— The Chamber
of Commerce to-day. ; closed ; , a : contract
which ? will . put Boise on. the Idaho Mid
land, the road to be. built from Boise to
Butte north, andit is expected eventually
south : to the coast. - Boise ¦¦ gives bona-flde
(subscriptions of , J200.000 and the right "of
way. It is believed the Burlington Is back
of the road, the line to be part of its con
necting -system "with the coast.''. Several
very important" enterprises hinge-on the
enterprise,' among ,; them a' smelter, big
quartz mills and sugar beet plants.
Weeks ¦ Renominated.
PORT HURON," Mich., June I 20.—Con
gressman 1 Edgar ; O. ; Weeks was :.-•. unani
rrfbusly_* renomiriated I to-day ; by the ' Sev
enth District: Republican- Congressional
ConvenUonTBHHtaiBMH|An£&rigjHttas9«
BUTTE, Mont., June 20.— There will be
contesting delegations claiming admission
from Montana at the Democratic Na
tional Convention in Kansas City. The
convention was called to meet here at
noon. An hour befo're that time the State
Central Committee met to make arrange
ments. The chairman of the committee,
William Cockrill, is recognized as a Daly
man. The friends of. Senator .Clark on
the committee, including those, who held
proxies, were in the majority. Chairman
Cockrill refused to recognize the proxie&
and appointed in the places of the ab
sentees men known to be favorable to
Daly.
John S, M. Neill of Helena, a member
of the committee, took the floor and pro
posed to depose the chairman. The scene
in the room at this time was very wila.
A' number of Deputy Sheriffs under the
leadership, of Under Sheriff Murphy
pushed their way Into the room and.at
tempted to eject the Clark people.* For a
while it iooked like an incipient riot. The
Clark people stood their ground and final
ly withdrew, leaving the committee to at
tend to Its business. When this had been
done. Chairman Cockrill was deposed b>
the vote of the committee and Neill was
elected in his place. Meantime the dele
gates and hundreds of spectators bad as
sembled at the auditorium which Cockrill
had selected as the place of the meeting.
They found the doors barred and -the
place-in charge of a number of deputies
and policemen, acting under the direc
tion of the Daly people. After waiting
vainly for' an hour, they were Informed
that the convention would not be called
to order until 5 o'clock. Before that time
the State Central Committee had met,
with Its new chairman presiding, and had
selected the Grand Opera-house, as the
regular place. of meeting for the conven
tion. The convention was called to orde»
there shortly after 5 o'clock and the Hon.
E. C. Day, one of the men who voted for
Clark, made temporary chairman. He
made a | short speech, stating that this
was the first real Democratic convention
that he had seen In • Montana for years.
After the appointment of the usual com
mittees, the convention- adjourned until 10
o'clock to-morrow. ' -
The Daly people, representing nine
counties— three of them regular and the
others contested— met in the auditorium
at the same hour. 6 o'clock. Admission
was by ticket. State Senator H. L. My
ers of- Ravalli, one of the Democratic
members who voted against Clark in the
Legislature, was made temporary chair
man. After the appointment of the usual
committees, the convention adjourned un
til 8 o'clock to-night.
The Daly Democratic convention this
evening elected Martin Maginnis, William
Cockrill. Governor Robert B. Smith, Paul
A. Fusz, W. S. Hartman and Dr. J. M.
Fox delegates to the national convention.
The platform denounces "In unmeas
ured terms the action of W. A. Clark of
Butte in corrupting the late legislature,
in assailing the integrity of the Supreme
Court and attempting to debauch the
people of the entire commonwealth as the
colossal crime of the century."
Senator Clark's resignation after the re
port of the Senate Committee and his ap.
polntment by the. acting Governor is de
nounced as a "disgrace to the State, a
shame to the American nation and an in*
suit to the Senate.",
DEMOCRATIC DELEGATES
INSTRUCTED FOR TOWNE
TEXAS SPLIT ON
EXPANSION PROBLEM
MINNEAPOLIS, June 20.— The Demo
cratic State Convention to-day was one
of the largest and most harmonious held
by the party in this State for years.
Charles' A. Towne of Duluth. .Populist
candidate for Vice President, was given
the heartiest kind of an indorsement and
the delegates to Kansas City were In
structed to support him by their votes
and by every hcnorable means. On the
floor of the convention this resolution was
adopted without a dissenting vote.
The platform reaffirms its devotion to
the coining of free silver at "existing legal
ratio." On this plank there was some
dissension in committee, one or two mem
bers suggesting it might be better not to
have a financial plank. The resolutions
further declare against trusts and demand
that trust articles be placed upon the free
list; sympathy is expressed for the Boers;
the independence of Cuba Is demanded.
The resolutions demand the repeal of war
taxes; favor postal savings banks; favor
the income : tax: 'the > election of United
States Senators by direct vote of the peo
ple and the system of the initiative and
referendum. The present national admin
istration Is denounced. The convention
was warm in its allegiance to "William J.
Bryan and Governor John Lind.
The following delegates at large were
selected: P. B. Winston, T. B. O'Brien,
L. O. Rosing and C. A. Baldwin.
Clark /and Daly Factions Split, and
for -a Time an j Incipi
ent Riot Is Partici
pated In.
Contesting Delegations .Will
Go to the National
Convention.
DEMOCRATS OF
MONTANA HAVE
LIVELY TIMES
MANILA, June 2O.-General MacArthur
will to-morrow formally announce Presi
dent Mclvinley's order of amnesty. Buen
camino, Paterno and other prominent
Filipino leaders are generally pleased, as
they believe that under the amnesty they
can bring about the surrender of Aguin
aldo, who they declare la' ready and will
ing to consider the peace platform adopted
by the Filipino leaders, with a few in
significant exceptions.
Several meetings of the leaders were
held quietly in Manila last week. They
are encouraged by the progress they are
making with the natives and the authori
ties here. To-morrow an important meet
ing will be held, at which the American
decree will be read. It Is the consensus
of opinion of the foreigners, the better
class of the Filipinos and the Spaniards
that Aguinaldo will appear in Manila
shortly as a result of the decree And the
negotiations of Buencamlno.
Now that the rains have fairly begun
life in the country districts is a exeat and
prolonged hardship. - - . ,. .
Preparations are being made at Cavite
to move a majority of the marines to
China in the event that events there re
quire them.
WASHINGTON, June 20.— A cable me*
sago from General MacArthur says the
transport Flintshire arrived at Manila to
day. ,¦ - -
PRESIDENT CONFIDENT
FILIPINOS WILL SUBMIT
WASHINGTON, June 2O.-Secretary
Root said to-night that the text of the
amnesty proclamation would be published
to-morrow In • Manila - and' Washington
simultaneously. It will be Issued by Gen
eral MacArthur and Is done by direction
of the President. The proclamation gives
a free pardon to all Filipinos - who have
'participated In the rebellion against the
•United States, the only condition being,
that they take the oath of allegiance and
acknowledge the sovereignty of the United
States. It excludes no one, except. those
who have violated the Iaw3 of war. The
proclamation, the Secretary said,' will
speak for Itself and -will go Into effect Im
mediately. The time», considering the fa
cilities for communication in the islands,
for the acceptance of the amnesty pro
clamation by those still in rebellion is
limited, being only thirty ox* sixty days.
The proclamation is very brief and is
plain and simple, its terms not comprising
more than can be put on a single sheet of
typewriting.
The issuance of the amnesty proclama
tion will mark a distinct advance in the
progress of the arms of the United States
in the restoration of order in the Philip
pines. The situation has been steadily im
proving in those islands for some time
past and it Is thought that the time Is op
portune for pardon of all those Filipinos
who have borne arms against the*author
ity of the United States and have not used
their hostility as a mere cloak for the
commission of robbery, murder and other
crimes. It is confidently believed that the
result of the proclamation will be quite
a general submission by those Filipino
leaders who have not yet given in their
adhesion to the control of the islands by
the 1 United States. ,
The promulgation of amnesty has been
under consideration. for some months, and
the decision to issue it at this time was
reached only after advices from a number
of sources that the time was ripe and that
assurances had been received that it
would meet with a worthy response from
those to whom it was addressed.
It has been made known to the admin
istration that the influential classes
among the Filipinos were anxious for an
end of hostilities and for a resumption of
commerce free from the predatory ha
rassments of small bands of armed men.
The vigor of the pursuit of those bearing:
arms. It 'was likewise reported, had dis
heartened the Filipino soldiers still hold
ing Out and many of them were now will
ing to surrender their arms on assurances
of their personal safety. In addition, a
better understanding , of the purpose of
the United States toward them is no'w
known to prevail among the Filipinos an*
their hostility to American control has
abated in a great degrree. With the gen
eral acceptance of amnesty it 13 expected
our troops will not be kept in such cease
less activity and the pacification of the
islands will go forward more quietly and
more rapidly.
Cavalry for Manila.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 2O.-The
War Department was informed to-day
that Troop I and L, Sixth Cavalry, left
Fort Sill," Nebraska,' to-day en route to the
Pacific coast and the Philippines. •
President If cKinley's Order on the
Subject, It Is Thought, Will
Be Productive of
Belief Expressed by Many
That He Will Accept *
SURRENDER OF
AGUINALDO IS
EXPECTED SODN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, JUNE 21, 1900.
9
Leaves Many Desceridents.
COVELO, June 2O.-^Jame3 Allen Shore,
the oldest pioneer In this section, died last
nigrht.' "He ' waa'" born*' In • Kentucky * and
came to California In 1819. He has been a
resident^ of this county.' since 1856. - * A
widow, twelve:: living thirty
grandchildren . .'and . i twenty-five great
grandchildren survive him.
IyOS ANGELES, - June ' 20.— The Repub
licans . ; have : .caught the political fever
since the " national [ convention' has assem
bled-' and in order to properly celebrate
the nominations 'for President and Vice
President ;- the .City Central Committee
has arranged a programme for a monster
rally that will be held Saturday night In
Elks' -• Hall, i The , Americua - Uniformed
Club of Paeadena and clubs* of Los Ange
les will parade. General Barnes has been
requested to deliver the principal address.
Should he decline, D. A. McKinlay of
Santa Rosa, Judge F. F. > Davis, Will E.
Harris and. others will open the campaign
with rousing 'speeches. v . -,
Nominated for Congress.
MARYSVILLE, . Mo, June 20.— Charles
F. Cochran of St. Joseph was renomlnated
for ' Congress * to-day by the Democratic
convention of. the Fourth ; District. ¦¦*.¦*
Among the many Interesting things to
be seen at Rouen, famous as the city
where Joan of Arc suffered martyrdom,
is a fine clock built by Jehan de Fealins
In 13S9. The dial ia about six feet square.
A few modern alterations have been made
in the movements, but In all other re
spects the venerable timekeeper records
the hours, days of the week and phases
of the moon with the same accuracy that
distinguished it over 500 years ago.
Most curious among the early English
tower clocks Is one In the Church of St.
SKULL. WATCH. SIXTEENTH
CENTURY.
EARLY LATIN* CROSS WATCH.
o3033nseoaneoasnoaio«QSoa«
XjrecqpCMM- 1
2 No truer words were ever said* J
• Anita Cream actually re- ¦
9 moves the outrr coti:!e and 2
g with it all discolorktions and •
¦ coaxes to the surface a fresh, t
m new skin, as soft and trans- 5
J parent as an infant's- . J
| ANITA CREAM |
• Is a positive CURE for tan, ¦
S freckles, liver mole, rrbth *
g patches, etc, and has stood g
b the test for years. *
¦ Further particulars, instrae- *
2 tions and a sample sent to any ¦
• address for 2c postage.. Full ¦
S size jar for 50=. S
"Anita Cream & Toilet Co, 307 •
5 Franlthn St., Los Angeles, CaL o
¦•¦•¦•¦••¦•¦•¦¦0a«i«juuift*5
STUDIO FOOD
An Artist's Diet.
An artist living in a New York studio
writes regarding the advantage of a
proper selection of healthful food. She
says: "Some time ago a sister who had
been ill wrote me of the good she had
obtained from the use of Grape-Nuts
food two meals a day and that all the
family made great use of the food. She
recommended it very strongly to me.
"1 had up to that time supposed this
was a luxury and had not tried it, but
I sent for some and for quite a little
time depended largely on Grape-Nuts,
with a surprising result, I have largely
lost my taste for meat and am unusually
strong, walking a long distance daily,
which for some years has been almost
impossible.
"I live in a studio and have neither
time nor room to cook, . therefore the
Grape-Nuts, tbcing ready cooked, come
in as an- especial boon and I felt I must
thank you.:, ¦
"The Postum Cereal Coffee I have
used a long time, and if that comes from
you it must come in for a share of
thanks also. Ada A. Brewster, 204 W.
100th St, New York City.
GEAPE-NUTS.-¦'¦ Clementina J. • Handmann.'a' native v of
Germany, ; sixty-eight . years ; old^ died j yes
terday morriing ' at ner residence,' - 1421
Mason street, ; from ' the effects ; of -, a frac
tured thigh, . the result ¦ of a ': fall - about ' a
month ago. ¦" - -
Death From' an Accident.
Mayor Phelan, City "Attorney : Lane and
others Interested called upon the]" Justices
of the Supreme Court yesterday" and'rep
resented that an early decision in. the suit
to test. the validity of the* proposed* bond
issue was of great importance, to .. the city;
and that if the'easewaa taken up soon a
great favor would be conferred upon {the
public. The Justices promised to give- the
request their consideration.;.^-. ¦-
To Hurry I>episi6ii on Bonds.
Narjot Again on • Trial.
The second ; trial of Ernest". Narjot, a
mechanic ? charged with ¦::. the ; murder ; of
Thomas O'N. Gleaaon In the saloon of the
last . named :; at : Turk - and : Mason '} streets
six months ago," was begun ; before : Judge
Webb of ; Fresno, ' sitting; for, Judge Cook,'
yesterday. ; • On the : former ; trial ' the jury
disagreed. - No trouble was found In secur
ing a Jury..yesterday."8^E^ag*aeiWBBiM
C. A. McWllllams commenced suit in the
Superior Court yesterday, against Charles
Lyons, a : Market-street tailor, to' recover
$10,000 damages ¦ for alleged- personal i in
juries. The complainant alleges that' on
June 13 he entered Lyons' shop at -721: Mar
ket-Street for the purpose of transacting
some business and while there was ivio
lently assaulted and "beaten and ejected
from 'the. store and all without- provoca
tion. He thinks $10,000 would , heal his
wounds and feelings.
Wants $10,000 Damages.
An election of. the Pacific Coast German
Cooks' Society. was held at 213 Third street
Monday, night. The following were ' elect
ed to. serve as officers? for 'the : ensuing
year: *Fred Braun, president; 'Louis Neu
decker, vice president: Charles Serveloh,
corresponding secretary;- Joe Hilsenbeck.
financial- secretary; -.W.'Trautsh," treas
urer; ; Max.; Thormahlen, .usher; .'Jacob
Bearne, ; Henry ¦¦-, ¦ Fahrmamr and John
Schlomer, board .. of. trustees; F. - Fort
mann; collector.''" ¦¦'-•-..¦•. v, ' : > .:•-
German Cooks' Election.
May Keneal has sued Frank M. Keneal
for divorce on the ground ot cruelty, and
Mrs; A. \C . Moss desires a divorce .from
Fred G. Moss because, she alleges, he has
deserted her. ,\ , ',: '
Lizzie Schwartz was granted a divorce
from Myer Schwartz by Judge Bahrp
yesterday "on. the , ground r of ; f extrenfe
cruelty. - She ' was granted $25 per> iwonth
alimony and $C5 for attornes'*b '. fees and
costs, and permitted to resume her, maid
en name — Mensor. . : , ..v ..
The IHvorce Court.
The case of Mrs. Frances Gehricke,
charged with perjury, on complaint of De
Witt Spencer, which has been going on
in Judge Mogan's court for nearly two
months, shows signs of coming to a close.
The charge arose from Mrs. G«ljricke-tes
tifying in Judge . Conlan's court that a
bill of sale of her furniture to Mrs. Fan
nie Austin, made on October 27,~1898, was
not signed Jjy her. Theodore Kytka, the
last- witness -for the prosecution, testified
yesterday that In his opinion the signa
ture was genuine. For the defense, Lolita
Parker, a grandchild of , the defendant,
testified that at the time of the signing
of the alleged bill of -sale -she- was In
Placefvllle with her' grandmother; and
Charles Waltt, who had financial transac
tions with Mrs. Gehricke, testified. that he
telephoned to hen in Placerville," asking
for an extension of : time. The case was
continued till Tuesday. •
Mrs. Gehricke's Defense.
"Deacon" Jones Charged With'Carry
ing a Concealed Weapon Gets
Another Chance. ¦'
"Deacon" Jones, the little darky who is
familiar to frequenters of the tenderloin,
was tried in Judge Fritz's court yester
day on a charge of 'carrying a, concealed
weapon. \ He was drunk Sunday :, night in
B'nal B'rith Hall and flourishing a re
volver. He claimed that he was trying to
sell the weapon to the bartender.
"Will you swear," asked the Judge, "if
I let you go, that you will never In your
life carry a deadly weapon again T"
The "deacon" held up his hand and took
the oath'. ' : •
A policeman remarked that the small
ex-prize' fighter had once taken a shot at
a man in Marshall's saloon . on Eddy
street, but the "deacon" vehemently de
nied It. -
"Well," said the Judge, "as you have,
taken the oath you can go."
Tke "deacon" Inclined his woolly cran
ium toward the Judge and said: ''Rub
mah head for luck." The bait was too
tempting and the Judge obeyed amid the
laughter of the spectators.
JUDGE FRITZ RUBS A
DARKY'S HEAD FOR LUCK
Holders Who Walked Out Tuesday
Will Besume Work on Their
Own Terms.
The trouble between the . twenty- three
molders, who . walked out of the Rlsdon
Iron Works last Tuesday because the em
ployers refused to advance their pay, is
ended and the men will go back to-day
and resume their old stations. There was
nothing bordering on a strike at the Ris
don Works. The trouble was simply that
twenty-three molders had asked for an
advance of wages from $3 25 to $3 50 per
da"y. alleging that the cost of living, in
cluding rent and other necessaries, had
increased within the last year, which bad
made former wages seem small.
The demand for an increase was condi
tionally refused' by Captain Taylor. On
this ' refusal the men put on their coats
and walked out. and in time reported the
matter to the Molders' Union, which bodj
held a consultation as to what was best
to be done. It was decided to appoint -a
committee to wait on' Captain Taylor and
try to adjust the difference. This was
done yesterday and Captain Taylor agreed
to make the concessions asked for, as he
deemed it only a small matter and as
the molders were all competent workmen
he wished to retain them, j
RISDON IRON WORKS
TROUBLE ADJUSTED
Sacramento, Oakland and Tanforan
Park "Will Be the Scenes of
Big Exhibitions.
The canine specialty clubs held their
adjourned meeting on Monday evening for
the purpose of receiving the final reports
of the clubs*purposing to hold bench
shows under the auspices of the American
Kennel Club rules and also to determine
the support that could be assured by each
individual club to the respective shows.
The clubs represented at the meeting
and the official delegates were as follows:
St. Bernard Club of. California, by the
secretary, Joseph L. Cutten; Pacific Bull
terrier Club, by the President. Philip Fay;
Pacific Fox-terrier Club by the secretary,
J. B. Martin; Pacific Mastiff Club, by the
secretary, J. P. Norman. The bench show
committee of the State Fair Association
wa,s represented by E. M." Simpson of Sac
ramento, and the San Francisco and San
Mateo Agricultural Association hy J. P.
Norman. The Oakland Kennel Club not
sending a representative, ' consideration of
its show was deferred. It was apparent
that inasmuch. as its application for mem
bership in the American Kennel Club had
not yet been forwarded it would be im
possible for the club to hold its show in
August, as at first contemplated. Mr.
Simpson reported that the show was an
assured fact. Mr." Cole, the well-known
Judge of Kansas City, had already been
engaged and the prospects were excellent.
The probability was that the number of
dogs entered would exceed 400, so that
the show would in that case count five
points toward a championship/ the same
as San Francisco. Over a hundred grey
hounds' had been promised, • a ¦:. record
breaking entry for America. * Iny support
of the Sacramento show the" assembled
specialty clubs were able to> guarantee
quite a large entry, the Bull-terrier. Club,
the Fox-terrier Club and the St. "Bernard
Club each promising to exceed forty-five
entries, and the Pacific Mastiff Club fol
lowing with twenty-five. This seemed to
meet Mr. Simpson s expectations and he
expressed himself as satisfied that the
show would be a success and an annual
feature of the State Fair. The bench
show-will be held*,in a large: canvas tent
connected with the .pavilion' and • the $3
entry, fee will enable exhibitors to view
every, part of the fair without) extra
charge. The dates of. the show are Sep
tember e. 4," 5 and 6.
Mr. , Norman's 1 report of the Tanforan
show was equally satisfactory. Applica
tion to the American • Kennel Club, for
membership : will be made this week and
the show will be held on September 26,. 27,
28 and 29. Negotiations have been under
taken with some of the most prominent
Eastern Judges. Liberal prizes wnl be of
fered and no expense will bo spared to
make the bench show one of the most at
tractive features of t;he annual exhibition.
A special building will be erected by the
association. .
CIRCUIT OF SHOWS FOR
DOG FANCIERS ASSURED
Large Portion of Money Collected for
Work in Chinatown to Be Be
turned.
The Citizens' Relief Committee will be
able soon to declare a dividend. This was
developed at a meeting held yesterday
afternoon in the rooms of the San Fran
cisco Board . of Trade, where reports of
the several sub-committees were submit
ted. Walter Castle reported the cost of
sanitation; Andrew J. Carrigan made re
turns from the quarantine committee and
George- W. McNear reported for the com
missary committee.
It appears from these several reports
that the total expenditures for the work
in. Chinatown in connection with the flush
lng-of sewers, the care of indigent Chi
nese and the general sanitation operations
was $6500 approximately. The sum of
about $32,000 was collected for the work
by the Citizens* Relief Committee from
the merchants. There will be a repay
ment of between CO and 70 per cent as
the bills now stand.
The • committee voted to turn over to
the Board of Health of the city the In
cinerator and to provide funds for oper
ating It for a time. The work is prac
tically closed, but the committee will re
main in existence until the 14th of July
to receive bills and to transact any other
inddentalobusiness.
CITIZENS COMMITTEE
HAS SURPLUS OF CASH
J. W. Bartholomew announced last
evening that he had instructed his attor
neys to file a complaint against R. P.
Merillion asking for $50,000 damages for
malicious prosecution.
Major Lonir explained that It was : a
common practice for the Government to
allow goods to remain stored In the fac
tory after they had been paid for until
called for, the Government not having
sufficient storeroom to take the goods afl
at once. In like manner he said . the
boxes due the Government were held by
the American Bex Company.
Judge Heacock dismissed the case with
out any comment.
"Yes, sir, that is the gist of the whole
matter," replied Major Long. i"The Gov
ernment has not been defrauded out of a
cent. Mr. Emmrich stated to me that
about $40 32 worth of goods had not yet
been supplied to the quartermaster's de
partment by the American Box Company,
but that they would be delivered when
ever called for.V ¦
A summary end was put to a causeless
prosecution yesterday morning by. United
States Commissioner Meacock when he
dismissed the charges against J. W.
Bartholomew and Ernst Emmrlch, ac
cused of having conspired to defraud the
Government. The defense, represented by
Bert Schlesinger and H. C. McPike, did
not cross-examine any of the witnesses
for the prosecution with the exception
of R. P. Merilllon, the complainant, and
only a few questions were put to him
and those only for the purpose of draw-
Ing him on.
At the close of the testimony for the
prosecution the defense rested without
putting in any evidence and Judge.Hea
cock said that it appeared that the Gov
ernment had not been defrauded and that
the $22S which Merillion had laid so* much
stress upon had been expended for 'the
Government by Emmrich in pursuance of
the usage of the office for the last twenty
years, and that the vouchers for that
amount had been presented. ••
Major Oscar F. Long, quartermaster of
the United States army, produced the
books of his office and the vouchers for
the $228 57 expended by Emmrich for horse
medicine and other sundries in amounts
ranging from 15 cents up. The vouchers
showed $228 71— a few cents more than the
sum alleged by Merilllon to have been
divided among conspirators against the
treasury of Uncle Sam.
"Do I understand," asked Commissioner
Heacock. "that it was the custom where
there were a large number of tiny or
very small Items, that instead of making
out vouchers and bills for each a mem
orandum would be kept of those various
items, and they would be charged to some
other account, as in tnis case to boxes
from the American Box Company?".
Judge Heacock Threw Case Against
Him and Out of Court
% on the Complainant's
Bartholomew Will Bring Suit
Alleging Malicious
Prosecution.
MERILLION TO
BE SUED FOR
BIG DAMAGES
The Silent Workers* concert to-night at
Sherman & Clay Hall promises to be a
financial, as it is an assured artistic, suc
cess. A number of tickets have been sold
at $5 a ticket, and the $2 and %\ tickets
have also met with ready sale. Though
the concert is a charity affair, given in aid
of the Sunshine work among the poorer
children of the city, the programme offered
to-night Is altogether exceptional and
well worth, twice the price of admission.
* The • Knickerbocker quartet, composed
of Herbert Williams, Dr. W. J. Smith. D.
R. Crane and L. A. .Larsen, will furnish
some numbers. Ferris Hartman ¦will
snatch a moment between acts from the
Tivoli to sing "A Little Bit Off the Top."
Mr«. John Marquardt will give some harp
solos. • Mrs.' J.E.Bermlngham,- Miss Lulu
Danlells.^Mlss Alma Berglund. Miss Mar
garet' Bruntschs, Mrs. Susie Hert-Mark
and little Hazel Sexton will all sing, as
will the sweet tenors, J. F. Veaco, /W. J.
Hynes.and Frank W. Thompson.
* William Greer Harrison will be chair
man of the occasion and wilL deliver a few
remarks explanatory of .the object of the
Sunshine work. Roscoe Warren Lucy,
whose assistance in tho matter of con
cert rehearsals has been most noteworthy,
and Robert Clarence Newell, will.accom
pany the singers.
Twelve young society girls will act as
ushers and Mrs. Maryland • S. Bartlett
Shepard, who is in charge of • the affair,
is to be heartily congratulated on the suc
cess of her efforts for the entertainment
and comfort of the audience this evening.
An Elaborate Programme Has Been
Prepared and Some of the' Best
Talent in th« - City . :
Will Appear.
Silent Workerspenefit Con
cert Promises to r Be .
aSuccess.'
WILL PLAY AND
SING FOR SWEET
CHARITY'S SAKE
THOMAS O'BRIEN
GETS JUDGMENT
AGAINST LEACH
Mint Superintendent Fails to Make
Answer to the Suit of the Pro
" Boer Agitator— Default . \
Entered.
Twenty-Five Thousand'Dol
lars Damages for False
Imprisonment.
Thomas B. O'Brien, one-time candidate
for Congress and a local espouser of the
Bo^r cause, has secured a Judgment for
$2:1,000 against Frank A. ' Leach. Superin
tendent of the Mint, through ths failure
of the letter to make answer.ln the Su
perior Court to a suit instituted against
him by O'Brien for false imprisonment.
The legal time for making answer to the
suit' expired on Monday, and on the fol
lowing morning Attorney Robert B._ Troy,
surprised at hearing nothing from the de
fendant.. went to Judge Murasky's court,
to which the case had been assigned and
hatl the default entered. Yesterday morn
ing he had the Judgment entered.
The judgment is the largest ever en
tered'in a damage suit in this city. Un
doubtedly Mr. . Leach will appeal tbe case,
but. unless he can nnd some error in the
pleadings and judgment upon which to
reopen the case the judgment must stand
ana he will, have to foot the bill.. When
he heard ; that the default-had been en
tered he asked Attorney Troy to have the
case reopened, but O'Brien would not con
sent to it, so the entering of the Judgment
followed. To-day Attorney Troy will get
out an execution and proceed to levy on
Mr. Leach's property.
The suit grew out of the arrest of
O'Brien for addressing a pro- Boer crowd
from the steps of the Mint on the even
ing of June 2, contrary to. the orders of
Superintendent Leach. According to ¦ the
allegations of the complaint the arrest
was Instigated by Mr. Leach, who, after
O'Brien had suffered the humiliation of
arrest and imprisonment, refused to ap
pear In the Police Court and prosecute
him. Attorney Troy was retained lnvthe
case by the Transvaal committee, under
whose auspices O'Brien is alleged to have
spoken on the night of his arrest.
It Is understood that it "was through a
misunderstanding that Mr. Leach failed
to answer v to O Brien's complaint. He
had desired" that -United States District
Attorney Coombs appear for him, but Mr.
Coombs, it is said, was Inclined to con
sider the suit a private one, and for that
matter did not care to appear for Mr.
Leach.
The trial of Lucien Koch, charged with
Stealing a vase, weighing -200 pounds and
valued at $200, from the parlor of the Cali
fornia, Hotel, was terminated before Judge
I^awlor yesterday, and Attorney Reuf
moved for instructions to the Jury to dis
miss on the ground that there was a
fatal variance between the information on
which the charge was based and the proof
offered. .The Information alleged that the
vase belongs to the /Joseph Macdonough
estate, while the proof adduced was that
It belonged to the executors of the estate.
Judge Lawlor took the matter under ad
visement until to-day.
Vase Thief May Escape.
SUIT FOR DAMAGES
WITH PECULIAR FEATURES
Father of Baby Forsythe Seeks to
, Recover $50,000 Because of
Child's Death.
Orrln N. Forsythe has brought suit In
the Superior Court to recover $50,000 for
the death of his Bon, Charles S.. three
years and six months old, which occurred
at 1 Polk street March 12 last under very
peculiar circumstances. The Market
street Railway Company is made a de
fendant, together with Thomas G. Taylor,
owner of the building at 1 Polk street, and
Baptiste Despaux.and wife, lessees of the
property.
The complaint recites that on the date
named the child visited the Deapaux fam
ily in company with his mother and was
playing in the yard' under a balcony- in
the rear of the second story. At the time
the Market-street Railway Company was
building a track along the street in front
of the house. Complainant alleges that
a window in the rear of the house was
In bad condition, the sash being rotten
and the glass insecurely set , in. "When
the workmen in front of the house let fall
a heavy Iron beam the house was vio
lently shaken by the concussion, the com
plaint alleges, and a pane of glass fell out
of the rotten sash in the rear of the house,
striking baby Forsythe on thp head/ A
splinter of glass penetrated the. brain,
causing instant death. -Tv,
The complaint prays for Judgment on
the ground of criminal carelessness on the
part of all the defendants.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAl/L, THURSDAY, VRHSTE 21, 1900.
10
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallsl
en Application.
. v ; ATTORNEY. ¦
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 603 Cal.. ClunU b«.
COAL. COKB AND Pit) IHOX •
1 C U'!I ft C A 900 Battery Street.
J-W» ItlLoUil C WU-t Telephone Main 1884.
7 COPPERSMITH.
CW Ship Plumbing, Steamboat and
L-lT« OJllllli Ship Worji a specialty. -IS and
18 Washington st. Telephone Main 5641. ' •
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. i •?>
fie RAVPC £ f A Shipping Butchers, 104
JA3' DUIC3 (I vU«C3ay. Tel. Main 1294.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OALVAMZINO'AND METALS. *
Manfacturer and Dealer in Metals and Gal*
vaniiing. JOHN FINN METAL WORKS. 315
LITHOORAPHIXO.
The Union Lithofrraph Co., 32S Sansome st.
Artistic Lithographers and Printers. Govern-
ment License*- tor Imprinting; of Revenue
Stamps.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 137-9 First St., San Francisco.
PRINT1M3.
F f HFTfiHK^ PRINTER,
E- C- ilUUilDJi ni Sanaome St.. S. F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
¦ • - ¦ '. ¦ " , 23 First St., San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Teleirraphlo PAPTRlftfiP K< California
Codes. lAttllVlUUC street.
WfilTE ASH STEAM COAL,
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its OREKN
RIVKR COLLIE KIKS. Is the Best Coal In th»
markat. Offlc* and YarOs— 450 Main »tr*«t.
7
A through trolley lino from; New. .York
to Boston is the latest plan -of 'Eastern
capitalists. The field of < usefulness of ¦ the
trolley Is only partially developed. . . .' .
MACHINERY and SUPFtlES.
OUR GOLD DREDalNO PUMPS
1/DAfH ' w w# " •uccessf ul at Nome . laat
,nnUull year. All others failed. In opera.
- ;. :••¦. -.- '; -.tlon daily.* Stevenson «t.. 8. V.
SAND CEN TRI FUG AL PUMPS.
; 1 1 rtC ft W ' " Gc w ' orea H n * Pumps, v th« only
J AvJ\ JUI 1 ! ' successful > pump - manufactured.
... . €25 Sixth st. Ban Francisco.
OCEA1T TRAVEL.
THE / ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
WILL DISPATCH FOR
NOME DIRECT
The elegant, fast, Al^bew passenger steamer,
S. S. NOME CITY,
1600 tonaj. rerister.
ABOUT JULY 1st.
Connections at ST. . MICHAEL for DAWSON
- and all YUKON , RIVER POINTS.
Kor Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATIOM>CO..
/39 POST ST.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
. TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURG
(PARIS) AND HAMBlEO.
TWIN-8CREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURO
AND HAMBURG. .; -,
, , - •¦.--¦--¦¦- • For Saillne.- etc., 'Apply to •
HAMBURG- AMERICAN LINE. STB'dw'y, N. T.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved If secured before • departure.
; HERZOG & CO., Gen. A«rt*. for Pacific Coast.
401 California St. . comei\ Sansome, S. K. :
OCEANIC S; 8. CO.-HONOLUI.U, APIA
-AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only) :.
.... ..............'Wednesday, June 27. .2 p.m.
B. S. MOANA' (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia. .....'Wed. .July 11. 8 p. m.
J. 0. SPRECKELS It BROS. CO.. Agts.. !I4 Mtntgomerf
Pi«r 7. Foot Pacific St. FrdijhtOfflce.927 Market St
f/ACUAC I IMC HATHOR .6600 Ton*
imffJ^nlSiX i jnir OCTA VIA .7000 Tons.'
- UlV<JlliVOi B-El \SL LOZUB.. .eSOO Tons'
; — — ¦ ; _.i ' — — . — _ ( 8KB APIS .4000 Tona
MontUly aalllac for Valparaiso and Hamburg
via Mexioan ports. Cratral, South Amirioa. eto. I
S.«.Serapis,4000ton8rsailsabo'utJuly3. i
I. D. 8PKKCXXL8 * BUOS. CO.. A^ fa u, Hi 3I.nt s o»,ry
»Wr «. I— » r»l»fct Omr>. »37 Mwt.l St- S»« Fr»» -haj
BAY AND KIVER STEAMERS.
FOB 0. S..HAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello.**
a. m.; S.15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, rp. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 af m . 8
fc "Vi , d!n r*, an £ °* fle *- Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Mala 1508.
FARi. __^*te-
C0MPAQNIS 6SVERAT.S TBANSATLAKTKKrS.
DIRECT LIKE TO HAVRE- PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of 4^KV\
Saturday from November 2. 1X99, at -S****^
10 a. m.. from Pier 42 North River, foot of
Morton st. L-AQUITAINE. June » : LA
TOURAINE. July a: I,A LORRAINE. July 12:
LA BKETAGNE. July 15. First class to Havre.
$82 50 upward; 3 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. $.",3 and upward: 3
per cent reduction on round trip. OENER\L.
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Bulldinit) \ew
York. 3. r. FUGAZI & CO.. Pad flc' Coast
Appnts, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
& «r*r — «fcjuriKcP«"BU5CH*3
M\ ' W-^ 1 *' riLUw &
is recommended
because its super-
ior tonic qualities
jjilSj .are thoroughly
established by the medical fraternity
and all users universally. It gives
appetite, health, vigor— is welcomed
by the new mother, the aged, the
weak, the convalescent. Prepared by
Anlieuser-BuschBrewirfgAssn
, St. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers of the Original Budweiser, Faust, Michelob, Anheuser-Standard,
Pale-Lager, Black and Tan, Export Pale, Exquisite and Malt-Nutrine.
V1N MARIANI
MARIAHI WINE-WORLD FAMOUS TONIC
All who have tested Vln Marian! agree as to
its great superiority— this can be readtty veri-
fied by a personal test— but ruard specially,
against dangerous substitutes and would-be
imitators.
• "It is the only tonic stimulant wtthout un-
pleasant reaction." ' . x
Sold by all druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
PALACE HOTEL
The high etandard of excellence main-
tained by these hotels Is recognized and
appreciated by a discriminating and fas*
tldlous clientele who regularly make them
their headquarters when In San Francisco.
Located In close proximity to wholesale
and shopping districts, places of amuse-
ment and with the- further advantage of
having street cars to all points ot lntertst
pass the entrance.
American plan. European plan.
GRAND HOTEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
DIRECT.
The J New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SENATOR
Will sail from Seattle and" Tacoma June 23.
July 21 and Augnst 27- The SENATOU. sail-
ing: July 21, -will make an Excursion Trip via
the Inland Passage, and after landing at Xoma
will continue north through the Behrins Straits,
past East Cape on the Siberian coast, crossing
the Arctic Clrck?. passing into the Arctic
Ocean. Passengers are advised to Inspect the
Senator before purchasing tickets via other
steamers, as her second-class and steerage ac-
commodations are superior to the first-class
accommodations on most of the steamers ad-.
vertlsed for Nome. TBe Paclfl> Coast Steam-
ship Co. has Deen running its steamers to
Alaska — winter and summer — for 23 years and
Is the Pioneer Pacific Coast Line. For further
Information Inquire of H. H. LLOYD, Ocean
Dock. Seattle. Wash.; N. POSTON. 243 Wash-
ington st.. Portland. Or.: W. PARRIS. 12t West
Second St.. Los Angeles. Cal.; GOODALL.
PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Asrts.. 10 Market st.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery it.. San
Francisco.
"N.^ /Wf/\] * DR. PIERCE S
lillii electric
wf^^^^^i^' DLL 1 1
~Op=i this belt is wajr.
•"/TV*- ranted to be the latest Im-
proved, most powerful and
In an renxcts the best now manufactured la
any part of the world. Its equal does not exist.
The Galvanometer shows Its electric current to
be double that of any other. Easily regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest Improved, attach-
ments. Special conductors and electrodes.
Double wire suspensory for men. It will cor*
any disease on earth that It Is possible to cur*
with electricity, and It cures when others tall.
Buy no belt till you see "Dr. Pierce's."
"Booklet No. t." free at office or sent by mall
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., '
620 Market Street.
<Opp. Palace Hotel). BAN FRANCISCO
Eastern Ofnce— New Tork Clty^
**5«ijS5S" ll *^ftte£SI remedy for Gonorrhoea,
. Gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
j^^flolta6da7s.^| White*, unnatural dis.
Amelf aurantted H charges, or anr lnflanrtm*-
S*Sjl oei ta Krlctar*. tioa, t irritation or nicer*-
E^JPi«t«u «ot»gion. tioa ot macont ciec»-
BSITHEEyAKS CHEMICUCO. brane*. Noo-Mtrinsenfc
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
fc. wharf. San Francisco:
KV- For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
BB§«g&k June 15. 20. 25. 39. July 5.
|^^S>«f^ Chansre to company's ateaai-
For Victoria. Vancouver <H.
aSKaT^gyKf C.). Port Townsend. Seatt!*.
r^^N^^lcli Tacoma. Everett. Anacortcs.
~ anJ New Vhatcnm (Wash.)—
U ». m., June 15. 20, 25. 30.
July 5. and every fifth day thereafter: chan?9
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. '
For Eureka, Huniboldt Bay— 10 a. m., June
17. 22. 27. July t. and every firth day tnere-
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ueo« Port Harford (San Luts Oblspo>. Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (I^os AngeleiO and Newport—
9 a. m.. June 16. 20. 24. 28. July 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port nai^
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Anareles)— 11 a.
m.. June 18. 22. 28. 30. July 4. and every fourth
dav thereafter.' ' .
For Enwnada. Masrtalena Bay. San Jos« det
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexlco)-lO a. m.. 7th cf each
m For further Icfbrmatlon obtain company's
The "company reserves the rlsrht to cftanKe
steamer*, sailing dat^s and hours ot Bailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFIfE- 4 New Montgomery
street ¦ (Palar* HoteTV . _^
GOODALL. PERK1NP * CO.. Oen. Apents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at II a. m.
CADC S'2 First Class Including Barfi
lAnL $8 Second ClaM end Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA satis
June n. July 3
COLUMBIA nails June 17. 27, July 7
Ehort line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets tr» all polnta East.
* - E. C. WARD. General Arent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.* \
Superintendents.
[KIHBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Will D!?rateh for
'inotvve:,
PORT CURENCE, CAPE YORK AND
SAFETY HARBOR
The Elegant. Commodious. Fast A1 Passen-
cer Steamship
JOHN S. KIMBALL,
Twenty-flve hundred tona* displacement.
ABOUT AUGUST 1.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
KIMBA1X. STEAMSHIP CO..
' ' 230 Market St?, San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
RXV TOBK. 30CTQAHPT0S. L05S05. ?ABX3L
Stopping at Cherbotirsr. westbound.
• From New York eTery "Wednesday. 13 a. m.
St. Paul .June ?7|New York July It
St. Louis July * J St. Paul July li
RED STAF? LINS.
Few Yortc cod Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Eoutbwark June 20| Kenslngtoa July 4
Westernland ...June J7'NoordUnd July 11
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery atreet.
EMPIRE LINE,
\ S S "OHIO." from Seattle to Xome and St.
Michael. May 24th. Subsequent MillnSJ fr°j«
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael « nd J rul £? I L B i*!I " :
Points. June 30. July 31. August 30. For rate* .
SO Montffomery «t. • _
TOYO KEEN KAISHA.
/
STEAMERS TVILI* LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Knbe (Hloeo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
SS "nIPFON MARU Tuesday, July 10, IDCO
ssI America R 5;;;^ a - A u^t-i:-i 3 oo
**"" Via Ilonolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
fr^lsht and passage apply at company's ofSce,
OCEAN 1 TRAVEL.
DIRECTORY
/9r^\ AM 25 years old and for a great many years have suffered from
f" — Vn nervous dyspepsia. I would be afraid to say how many dollars
;} . I have spent for doctors' fees and medicines. Many women have
•^ I suffered as I have — never in good health, irritable, worrying at
sC*P everything and nothing, always in expectancy of trouble, and
%¦" no sympathy from ofliers because not understood. My life has
'&)'; been miserable. Xo doctor ever told me what really was the
¦j£j " trouble, and most of them would dose me with poisonous drugs,
}\ that would afford only temporary relief. I always blamed my
" nerves as the source of trouble, whereas I now feel confident my
nervous system was only suffering because not supplied with
energy from healthy blood, and my blood was impure because my
food was not digested properly. Last March I began using
Electrozone, having been informed by a friend that it was a su-
perior remedy for stomach trouble. It gave me almost immediate relief and I
continued its use until I was entirely cured. I now enjoy perfect health, and
feel no flatulence, headache, nervousness, depression of spirits or palpitation of
the heart. I feel thankful that I am cured. No one who is troubled with
dyspepsia, should let a day pass before taking proper treatment. I recommend
Electroncne to every onej as I am confident if directions are followed it will ef-
fect a cure in every case. I cannot express how much misery I endured the
years I suffered from disordered stomach. I trust this letter may be the means
of directing many a sufferer to this unexcelled means of relief and cure. I hon-
[enly believe Electrozone is the most effective cure for any form of stomach
trouble. My husband is employed as a railroad engineer. I send you my
( photog?2ph to use as you see fit. You are welcome to publish this letter, but I
.prefer to have the street number omitted." Sincerely yours.
MRS. H. S. COLTON. Poplar St., Philadelphia, Pa.
Thousands of women to-day are suffering like Mrs. Colton has suffered, the
trouble being some form of stomach derangement. If your stomach causes-
distress, although it seems only a mild attack, you should not delay proper treat-
ment. Don't allow this affliction to gradually undermine your health and place
you in a condition to contract more or less diseases. Are you troubled with
any of the symptoms, such as sour stomach, heartburn, biliousness, sick head-
ache, irregularity of the bowels, a feeling of uneasiness, distress after eating,
t>oor appetite, palpitation of the heart, a trembling in the pit of stomach,
loss of flesh, restlessness, depression of spirits, mental and physical weakness a
Mcak and flabby condition of the muscles, a dry and hot burning skin,
vomiting or flatulence? If you are, take* a remedy that will cure you. ELEC-
riROZONE is the most effective remedy for all forms of stomach trouble. It
regulates the stomach and positively
cures quickly and permanently.
Although dyspepsia is a very common :
disease, it often baffles the physician. .J~~j « 7.;' x
This is not to be wondered at when we .:. I „,-} g I-., .C,J , ! >;.fc-^:i";.Jg'ifi.i-;:|:.
consider the circumstances only under >>v>| £ : Vf^7^::;:^-'^- : <f^j 1 ?-'::?!; 1 .
which perfectly healthy digestion is as-
tired. For this function are required — WfS'^''\-ii'i^^P^^^^^\ : M ] 'Ml'''
First, a proper quantity and quality of _J^^J_^^y^£^"!^ / X^' '}-\^& : ~- $/''•'
food; second, proper mastication and " ~~"y ~^~{t> 'v'/v "ffiB*ra \i ::: 1^
salivary secretion: third, a healthy con- ] 1 I y \/n \VtfM/gi <<J>
dition of the muscular coats of the stom- -=*^=* '^L^W^^^'^'T^'l-
ach; fourth, a proper quantity and qual- »/^ j/pj^l "''\^f^4''^M'' : '
ity of the secretions of the stomach, v^^rB' 1 -"'''!'--/'^^
liver and intestines; and fifth, a consec- £fe£y& '^^l'^^J-
utive and harmonious action of the in- £-~'&/^®<!y- • :^li' *Tt l^fri
testinal canal. xfwtifiitti'Li 'JH£/- : t'-i
ELECTROZONE is a complete and M£«MM±Z£&2k
positive cure in itself. There is no ex- -"^£jJ '^-^^^^vl -
c'j*e for enduring the suffering that is 'syfi?~*'L^L**™22£&' '%. \'^- |r '
brought forth by stomach trouble. - 1 • V
ELECTROZONE is curing more cases ,^ -<^^-6^^^- .Kdji-"- '??
of stomach trouble than any other rem- »¦ *^ sNi^^^ S; vo. *" "°"
<d}'. Ask your druggist for ELECTRO- » - **" i '»
ZONE; $1.00 bottle; it will cure v ' * O^^^vi-^^
'^^§^^^P^r It is estimated
sj^^^^l^^S^fehave some form of
-fi?F¥^^M v * Stomach Trouble.
i'^aW^lftiBJSiEB^^j m Are you one of thc ™ ? While St ° m -
iFi'*l*V'^ ' ach TroubIe » Dyspepsia or Indigestion,
rij^^lf^X as you choose to cal1 'H does not 'seem
/5^^f^^l^-\ t0 b e a dangerous disease, it is never-
¦ 5^?^^?^ theless. It causes impure blood, and
j^/j-r^^j^^^^^-^^^gjp--- -^t.^ nearly every one knows that impure
U ' '-"fV^; """-*" ~ x *v"V-~>^|^c^ blood is more influential in breeding
'*'* diseases than any other trouble. Im-
pure blood causes Rheumatism. Kid-
ney Trouble, Nervousness, Neuralgia, Tired Feeling, Headache, Ec-
zema, Salt Rheum, Humors, Pimples and manv other afflictions. No trouble
is more common or more misunderstood than dyspepsia. People who have it
think that their nerves arc to blame, are surprised that they are not cured by
nerve medicines and spring medicines. The real seat mischief is lost sight of
— the stomach is the organ to be looked after. If you have a mild or chronic
case of stomach trouble you should no£ let it get the best of you. Don't be
tortured by the distressing symptoms that accompany this affliction. Take
ELECTROZONE, a liquid internal remedy that effects a positive cure quickly
and permanently.
SAN FRANCISCO. May 23. 1900
ELECTBOZONE MFG. CO.— Gents: After years of suffering with a severe case
cf stomach trouble I was completely cured by taking ELECTROZONE. The results
were very satisfactory- I consider It a wonderful remedy and a boon to the suf-
fering. THOMAS CRAIG. Printer,
.-.•-. 4G5 Stevenson St. /
"•¦ ,^_ SEATTLE, "Wash., January 12, 1900. -
ELECTBOZONE MFG. CO. : This Is to certify that in November, 1899, 1 com-
menced to take Eleetrozone for serious stomach trouble that caused me much suf-
fering for years, during which time I spent hundreds of dollars for relief with
no results. To my surprise one bottle of Electrozone cured me. (You may use this
as you see fit. Tours truly, . N. T. LAMPH ERE. 1732 Western A ve.
DR, T. B. TAYLOR, a former professor of the Philadelphia Medical College
¦writes: I am a physician, and surgeon of thirty-six years' practice and cheerfully
recommend Electrozone for Stomach . derangement. I have used and 'prescribed it
¦with g-ood results.
ELECTROZONB MFG. CO.— <Jentlemen: I had been troubled with dyspepsia
and loss of appetite for over a year prior to first taking your remedy. In Novem-
ber, '98. it was recommended to me by your acquaintances and took two bottles,
which completely cured me. I felt relieved after one day's • taking. I. have told 1
several friends about the remedy, who were similarly afflicted. ~ and - they were
helped In every case, and I am confident that if taken with regularity It will in
every case effect a cure. Very truly, , CHAS. A. COLE, 349 South Spring St.
Ask vour druggist for ELECTROZONE— $1 bottle. /A
Send for circular to ELECTROZONE MFG. CO.. San Francisco.' v .
> V / --
DOCTOR
A STAFF OF SKILLED
I SPECIALISTS.
Diseases and Weakness of Men.
For nearly 20 years we have
.been curing contracted ailments
of men, . including contagious
blood poison, lost vitality, general
and nervous -debility, varicoccle.
stricture/rupture, piles, diseases of
( the kidneys, bladder, etc.
We are specialists in- curing these
ailments. We cure at any stage of
the .disorder "and restore the pa-
tients as quickly, as is i consistent
with: a permanent cure. Our reme-
dies, which are always effective,
but never harmful, are furnished
free ; to our patients. - .
\ '.'. Payments, may be made monthly
1 or after a permanent . cure is / ef-
fected.
Consultation ' and advice free at
office or by. mail. . Full information
and our private book. ; sealed free.
Home Cures a specialty.
7"? i 'MARKET ST.,
v *:"'! SAN FRANC/SCO.
ELEVATOR i ENTRANCE.
* Hours- 1 — Daily; 8 to ; 5 ; Evenings, 7
. , t6'8; Sundays, ; 9 .to ? 11; -'
ADVlCiiTISEMENTS.COMEDIAN "JOE" HART
AND HIS "CRAZY LIGHT"
JOSEPH HART, at present appear
ing at the Orpheum, has blossomed
out as an Inventor. He has con
ceived, censtructed, perfected and
patented a novel- "finish" for the act In
which he Is appearing thlg week. He call3
it a "crazy light"; the stage electrician
calls it a nuisance; the public applauds it
and the management calls It a "hit." It
lasts just thirty seconds and has cost the
Inventor already over 21500.
Variety Is the life of vaudeville and.
among successful vaudeville performers,
original thought Is at a premium. • The
general public, however, has little idea
of the work and expense Involved in pro
ducing some of the novel innovations
which the first-class artist is continually
adding, to his repertoire.
'Hart's "crazy lighi" is very much in
evidence while it lasts. -It Is produced by
a combination of electricity, cog wheels.
hinges and carefully j?rrund lenses. Hart's
act lasts over thirty minutes. The "crazy
light" dazzles and distorts for a brief
thirty seconds.!, It has the effect of intro
ducing Innumerable arm3. legs, feet and
heads Into the final dance by Hart and
his pretty wife. Carrio de Mar. It is the
finish of their act and it cost, as said be
fore, 51500 to make that "finish" exciting
enough to be one of the topics of the
town.
The finish of an act is Its most vital
part. A snappy ending will cover a mul
titude of sins and in enjoying the good
taste left by the finale the observer will
forget all about the previous situations
which may not, have suited him.
Hart has devoted time and money to his
"finishes," but has never perpetrated any
thin? quite so sensational as the "crazy"
ending of his present act.
During the first week of Hart's engage
ment he called In the services- of two game
roosters to accomplish a fitting finish.
This "finish" lasted even less than thirty
seconds. It was not Quite as expensive
Starr King. Franklin and Henry Durant
school structures.
J. B. Sykes was assigned .as class
teacher to the Horace Mann Grammar
School. . '
The resignation of Miss Augusta Rein
stein, a teacher in the Garfleld School,
was accepted.
A communication was received from »no
Board of Public Works submitting a Hst
of twenty-five, employes, headed by In
spector Wellin. whom It will not re
appoint, as the Board of Education has
sole jurisdiction over them. The last
n.imed board will therefore reappoint
them.
R. L. Mann was taken *t>ff the list of
contributing members to the teachers'
pension fund at hia own request.
The Board of Fire Wardens notified the
board of the Insufficient exits In the La
fayette School building. - ¦ -
A communication from the. North End
Improvement Club, requesting that two
extra rooms be added to the Lafayette
schoolhouse and also testify'ng to tho
heroic conduct of the prinlcipal. Miss E.
Casey, durinjr the recent fire, was read.
C. "W. Moores. vice principal of the Han
cock Grammar School, addressed the boar^l
regarding the tstablishment of playrooms
and the utilization of schoolhouse base
ments for that purpose. He advised the
laying of bituminous pavements in yard.i
and other Improvemnts, but no action was
taken.
A strong protest from the parents and
fuardians cf the pupils in the Grant
_chool against the transfer of the gram
mar grade classes from that institution
was read. '
The invitation of the Fourth of July
committee to the board to attend the
exercises on that day was accepted.
Miss Lulu E. Wolfe, who haa been
teaching Jn the department for fifteen
years, applied for a year's leave of ab
sence, which was granted. The applica
tion of Miss Laura Jacobs was denied on
the ground that she had already had one
year's leave. Leaves were also gTanted to
Annie B. Campbell. Vesta E. Bradbury.
Alice M. Wolfe and Mrs. I. C. Woodland.
On recommendation of the Board of Ex
aminers a high school certificate waa
granted to Miss Louise S. Wilson: gram
mar grade certificates were granted to
Cree T. Work, Mi33 Mary Phillips. Mrs.
W. L. WitUam and Miss Agnes K. Fay.
The grammar grade certificates of Miss
Adele Hertz, Miss Ada E. Moore and Miss
Lucy Frit*, who are not in the San Fran
cisco School Department, and renewals of
Supervisors Hear Petition From Resi
dents in Outlying Districts to
Take in County Line.
The Supervisors' Joint Committee on
Police and Streets met yesterday for the
purpose cf hearing arguments for and
against the board's contemplated action
to extend the pound limits to the county
line. A number of residents living out-
Eide of the present limits addressed the
committee and urged extension to the
county line.
Mrs. John Sautter told of the 200 chil
dren of the Monroe Primary School being
continually frightened by cows reaming
at large. She asked that the limits be
extended at least tp Onandaga avenue, if
not farther. The teachers were obliged
to take the children across the street in
croup* to protect them from the cattle.
At this point Attorney McEnerney, rep
resenting the dairy and cattle interests,
euggested that all objections might be
rettled if an ordinance were passed for-
Mddlng the straying of cattle on streets
that have been macadamized or graded
«-ven if they are outside the pound limits.
He advised a gradual extension of the
limits. ,,
C. Stader said that the only Tray to
abate the nuisance caused by cattle would
be to extend the poundkeeper's territorial
jurisdiction so it would embrace the whole
city. ¦ Dr. E. N. Tcrello said that people
xrho live In the outlying districts could
not s-fford the expense of -improving the
Ftreets in front" of their property to come
within the provisions of the ordinance as
FUgprsted by McEnerney. Torello as
serted that the failure of the Supervisors
to grant proper protection to the outlying
district? was the cause of their fmali
population. The pound ordinance now in
existence, he held, was simply granting
special privileges to certain Industries.
If thl» request to extend the limits to tne
county line was not frranted the people
in the outlying districts would endeavor
to get Justice from some other source, he
ealA.
"An much damage will result," said
Torello, "if y° u f ail to extend the pound
limits as resulted from the bubonic
plague, which in my opinon never existed
in this city."
George U- Roundley. representing the
University Mound District, held that if
the roaming cf cattle in the city was ob
jectionable It was equally objectionable
in the outskirts. Miss M. Lester of Mount
Wrnon avenue spoke of the destruction
caufed hy the cows and of a persistent
persecution carri'd on by a dairy adjoin
ing her home.
The committee decided to visit the dis
trict affected next i-rlday at 3 p. m. be
fore making a recommendation to the
beard.
EXTENSION OF POUND
LIMITS CONSIDERED
C_^ ¦ HE Republican State Executive
';' Committee— George Stone chalr
!j man— met at the Palace Hotel last
i> evening. The members present
were: William J. Brady, Charles Bund
schu. Henry J. Crocker, W. J. Dutton,
Thomas Kirkpatrick, H. D. Loveland.
George Stone. W. S. Wood, W. Frank
Pierce, William Barr. San Rafael; Allen
B. Lemmcn, Santa Rosa; W. M. Cutter,
Marysville; Walter F. Parker, Los Ange
les, and C. S. Hardy, San Diego.
The committee was in secret session for
two hours, considering measures relating
to the campaign. It wag decided to rec
ommend to the State Central Committee,
which meets at 2 p. m. to-day in Golden
Gate Hall, the adoption of the following
j call for a State convention:
Call to Be Recommended. : ¦;
The Republican State Central Commit
tee cf California, the governing body of
the Republican party of California, which
at the last general election in this Stato
polled more than three per cent of the
entire vote of the State, In meeting assem
bled in the city and county of San iran
cisco. State of California, on this 21st day
of June. 1900, hereby adopts this call for
a Republican State convention to be held
on the 2Sth day of August, 1&00, at 2
p. m., at the city of —*•
That said State convention shall be
held for the nomination of nine Presiden
tial Electors, to be voted for by the elec
tors throughout the State of California at
a general election to be held in said State
on Tuesday. November 6, 1900. and for the
transaction of such other business as may
be properly brought before said conven
1 Tfcat the said State convention • shall
consfst of C82 delegates, and all of said
delegates must be elected at a primary
election to be held in each county of the
State on Tuesday, August 14. 1900, and in
accordance with the provisions of the
laws of this State. '¦¦ ' "
That the apportionment of delegates to
said State convention shall be one dele
gate for each 2U0 votes cast for the aver
age vote and one delegate for each re
mainder of 100 votes or over of the aver
age vote cast in each county for the Re
publican candidates of the Republican
party for State officers, to-wit: Governor,
Lieutenant Governor, Secretary of State,
Controller, Treasurer. Attorney General,
Surveyor General, Clerk of Supreme
Court. Superintendent of PuHlic Instruc
tion, Superintendent of State Printing and
i two Associate Justices of the Supreme
Court, voted for at the general election
held In the State of California on Novem
ber 8, 1S38; provided, that any county cast
ing less than such remainder for the said
candidates shall, nevertheless, be entitled
to one delegate.
Apportionment of Delegates.
That the apportionment of delegates to
each county under this call is as follows:
Number off Number of
Countv. Delegates Tounty. Delegates
• Alameda S5 Placer .... . 10
Alpine 1 Plumas 3
! Amador 6 Riverside 10
! Uutte 10 pacramento 26
I Calaveras 1 San Benlto ...../. 3
i Coiusa 3 Ban Bernardino ..13
Contra Costa 9 San Diego 17
I Del Norte 2 San Francisco ....120
I El Dorado 6 San Joaquln 17
Fresno 13 Fan Luis Obispo.. 8
i Glenn .....' 3 San Mateo .... 7
Humboldt 15 Ranta Barbara ... 9
; jnyo 2 Santa Clara 32
Kern .7 Santa Cruz ...10
'Kings 4 Shasta 7
take .' 3 Sierra 3
Lassen •• 3 Sisklyou 8
Los Angeles 70 Solano 13
Madera 3 Sonoma 19
Marin :.-• 6 Stanislaus 5
Marlposa - 2 Sutter 4
Mendoclno 9 Tehama 5
Merced 4 .Trinity 3
Modoc ••• 2,Tulare 8
Mono 2 Tuolumne ...5
Monterey 9 Ventura ........... 8
Xapa ,2 £°L° I
Nevada 12:Yut>a 6
Orange •• 8 .
That the delegates to said State con
vention from any Congressional . district
nf this State wherein the Republican Con
gressional District Committee has not
filed any petition forthe election at said
primary of delegates to a Congressional
d \\!. rict -' con vention shall constitute the
RepuM lean r Conprwional Dist rt et Conven
tion lor such Congressional district and
such Congressional district convention
shall convene -at the' city of ¦ on
Thursday. August 28, 1900, at — p. m.
That the delegates to said State conven
tion from the counties embraced within
any Railroad Commissioner or State
Board of Equalization district shall also be
delegates tb the district convention to
nominate the candidate for Railroad
Commissioner or member of the State
Board of Equalization ror such district.
That the chairman and secretary of this
committee be and they are hereby au
thorized and empowered. to make, au
thenticate and file on behalf of and in the
name of this committee and the Repub
lican party of California with the Secre
tary of State any and all petitions re
quired by law, so that the Republican
party of California may be given a place
on the official primary election ballot In
each and every county of this State on
August 14. 1900. „
The attention Qf all committees and Re
publicans Is especially called to the im
portance of nominating and voting only
for such candidates for delegates to the
State convention as will be able to attend
In person, as under the law no proxies can
be allowed.'
Quarantine Denounced.
Register and BatifyC
To-day the executive committee will
present to the general committee resolu
tions condemning the course pursued by
the local Board of Health and Dr. Kin
youn in spreading broadcast the false ru
mor that bubonic plague existed in San
Francisco. The resolutions hold the Dem
ocratic Board of Health, appointed by a
Democratic Mayor, responsible for the
great injury Inflicted on the State. The
Federal quarantine officer. Dr. Klnyoun,
Is severely censured for placing the quar
antine on California. Influential Repub
licans are commended for active and suc
cessful efforts to raise the quarantine.
The President of the United States 13
earnestly requested to remove Dr. Kin
youn. The executive committee recom
mends the adoption of the resolutions by
the State Central Committee.
The Republicans of San Francisco will
assemble at the Pavilion this evening to
ratify the nomination of William McKIn
ley for President of the United States. It
is expected that the Vice Presidential
nomination will be made before the meet
ing is called to order, but delay at Phila
delphia in selecting the President's run
ning mate will not cause a postponement
of the meeting or diminish the enthus
iasm. Preparations have been made for
a grand rally of Republicans. •
The Knickerbocker quartet will sing, the
bands will play and the eloquent orators
of the grand old party will express senti
ments of American patriotism. No doubt
some of the orators will have the good,
hard eense to pause in flights of oratory
to adviee (every unregistered Republican
voter to go at once to the registration of
fice and register. The old registration
docs not hold good for the general elec
tion next November. In order to vote
every one must register anew. Since new
registration is required voters should en
roll in time to vote at the primary elec
tion August 14. _
Enrollment In the district Republican
clubs will begin next Saturday evening
and continue for one 'week. To-morrow
official notice will be given of the place
of enrollment In each Assembly district.
FIFTH DISTRICT COMMITTEE.
The Fifth Congressional District Repub
lican Committee, which was appointed by
J. Alva Watt in June, 1S99, Is making a
strenuous effort for a prolonged lease of
life. There has been filed in the Regis
trar's office a copy of a resolution adopted
by the late convention of the district. The
Secretary- of State Is in • possession • of- a
copy of the resolution and a copy of the
precious document ¦ has also been trans
mitted to' the Republican State Central
Committee. When full returns are in from
other organizations evidence of additional
nllng may be produced. .
The preamble sets forth that the Fifth
Congressional District Republican nomin
ating convention at 1S98 adopted a resolu
tion authorizing and. empowering James
Alva Watt ¦ to appoint - a Congressional
District '- committee. Xo proof has been
presented to the Secretary of State, the
Registrar of voters or any. other citizen
that the convention of. 1S98 delegated the
authority .mentioned in the- resolution.
There Is ample proof to establish the fact
that exercise of the authority was not at-
Suicide of Joseph Broderick.
Five years of suffering with the parga
of rheumatism that his doctors could not
cure caused Joseph Broderick. laborer, to
hang himself to his bedpost at his home,
2621 Bryant street, last Tuesday night.
Hi* dead body was found by a member of
his family at 5:30 o'clock yesterday morn
ing Broderick was a native or Irelana
and sixty-two years old.
NEXT CONVENTION
OF REPUBLICANS
Delegates to Represent the "Party
Will-Be Chosen 1 at Primary ,
tempted until fourteen months after the
convention adjourned. The record Is clear
that the convention did not appoint a com
mittee. Minutes of the secretary and
newspaper accounts written at the tlmq
the convention adjourned make no refer
ence to the committee.
The document recently filed in the Reg
istrar's office is attested by O. A. Hale
to this extent. Mr. Hale, as chairman of
the Fifth Congressional District Conven
tion, Sacramento, May. 1SO0, signs a state
ment that the resolution was adopted.
The names of the commltteemen are given
as follows:
E. I. Robinson. Thirty-fourth Assembly
District; W. H. Cobb, Thirty-fifth Assem
bly District; Frank French, Thirty-sixth
Assembly District; G. 11. Fairchlld, Thir
ty-seventh Assembly District; Max Gold
berg, ¦ Thirty-eighth Assembly District;
Jesse E. Marks, Fortieth Assembly Dis
trict; F. R. Danforth, Forty-first Assem
bly District; "Alvln" J. Hay ward. Fifty
second Assembly District; H. Donovan,
Fifty-fourth Assembly District; , Louis
O'Neill, Fifty-fifth Asembly District; G.
D. MacKenzie, Fifty-sixth Assembly Dis
trict.
The "Alvln" Hayward of the Fifty-sec
ond District is presumably Intended to
mean Alvlnza Hayward.
The resolution which was adopted at
the Sacramento convention continues the
foregoing committee in office.
Before the ougoing State Central Com
mittee met in this city to fix the time,
place and appointment of the late Repub
lican State Convention The Call directed
attention to the fact that the Fifth Dis
trict Congressional Convention of 1S3S ad
journed without appointing a committee.
When the subject came up in the State
Central Committee meeting J. Alva Watt
claimed that he appointed the committee
under authority derived from the district
convention of 189S. He assured the con
vention, however, that the committee had
no intention of appointing delegates to the
State convention, but on the contrary In
tended to call for primary elections. As
there was nothing at stake but the selec
tion of delegates to a State convention
called for the puropse of sending repre
sentatives to Philadelphia the assurance
given by Watt was accepted. In direct
violation of Watt's promise the commit
teemen. whose names are embraced in the
resolution filed In the Registrar's office,
met and APPOINTED delegates to the
State convention.
No apology for or explanation of this
breach of faith was given to the old State
Central Committee. The railroad agents
simply directed that primaries should not
be called and the committee obeyed. The
thought of placing any value on a prom
ise openly and solemnly given to the Re
publican State Central Committee never
entered Into the calculations of the com
mltteemen of the Fifth. ".;.-.•
The new State Central Committee,
which meets to-morrow, should consider
that there Is now a Representative in
Congress at stake. The fact should be
considered that the preceding State Cen
tral Committee was deceived by a false
statement emanating from the spokesman
cf this so-called Fifth District Congres
sional Committee. The further fact should
be considered that the Republican voters
of the Fifth District will not vote for a
candidate for Congress put forward by the
agents of the Southern Pacific.
The extraordinary activity displayed by
machine politicians in filing documents to
give life and character to a Congressional
committee of doubtful creation excites
suspicion. The new State Central Ccm
mittec should take no chances In dealing
with; Fifth District affairs. Positive proof
may yet be produced that Watt was never
authorized by the district convention of"
1S9S to appoint a Congressional commit
tee. It is important that the petitions
should be presented to the proper authori
ties by a legally constituted governing
body of the party in the district.
. • »
WANTS TO BE SENATOB AGAIN.
OAKLAND, June 20.— United States
Senator George C. Perkins will be a can
didate to succeed himself two years from
next' spring. It has generally been be
lieved that Senator Perkins desired to
succeed hmself, but it has never before
been officially announced. The Oakland
Tribune '= this evening • publishes a letter
from Senator* Perkins under date of June
19, in which the Senator replies to "a
question whether he would be a candidate
or not. saying: • .
"The election of my successor, as you
are aware, does not take place until two
years from next January, and many
changes will doubtless take place In the
meantime. However, your note of Inquiry
Is entitled to a frank answer. I. there
fore, beg to say if I can be re-elected as I
have been twice before elected— that Is, by
the expressed or implied understanding of
the Republican nominees to the Legisla
ture that If elected they looked with favor
upon my election as being satisfactory to
their Immediate constituents, In other
words If I can go before the people at the
proper time and receive their support — I
expect to be a candidate to succeed my-
Belf. • Otherwise, I am willing to step aside
and support some one who can perhaps
accomplish more for. our. State than 1 am
able to do.,'In any event. I owe a very
large debt of gratitude to the ; people of
California for the very many honors they
have • conferred upon me, and' I earnestly
hope that I may always prove .worthy of
their confidence. ' sfitSi ' ¦
"1 remain very truly your*.
"GEO. C. PERKINS."
Manila to San Francisco on the transport
Sheridan and had a host of friends on
that vessel. When Second Officer Miller
of the Grant was ordered to the Thomas,
Hillman was sent to fill his place.
Mate Hillman was a member of the
Royal Arch Masons of Boston and also of
California Harbor No. 15. American As
sociation of Masters and Pilots. Captain
Pippey of the pilots' association has taken
charge of the remains. Hillman was a
native of Sweden and leaves a mother and
sister In Christiania. An Inquest will be
held to-day.
a careful examination, assisted by Drs.
Robinson and Bauer. Then Dr. Bunnell
came down from the Central Receiving
Hospital and he also made a diagnosis.
All the medical gentlemen arrived at this
fame conclusion, but nevertheless nothing
that could be done for the injured man
was omitted. Death was fought inch by
inch, although both physicians and hos
pital attendants feU that their efforts
were in vain. Hillman died at 8 o'clock
last right.
John Hillman only Joined the Grant last
Saturday. He came from New York via
FAT AX ACCIDENT ON UOTTED STATES TBANSPOBT GRANT.
Chaffer Family's Unhappy State.
The unhappy domestic relations of
Thomas Chaffer, a machinist, llvlni* at
313 Day street, were aired in Judge Fritzs
court yesterday afternoon, his wife Lot
tie having brousht a charge against him
of threats tokilL Mr?. Chaffer testified
that, though married 13 years, for the
past six weeks she and her husband had
been practically living apart and she
contemplated securing a divorce owing to
his cruelty. She state;l that he beat and
abused her and even tried to poison her
self and children. Mrs. Chaffer was cor
roborated by her daughter Lottie and her
son Nelson. Chaffer denied trying to
poison his wife and swore that she ha'l
struck him in the face and he had pro
tected himself by seizing her wrists. De
tective Graham, who Is a neighbor, tes
tified that the defendant was esteemed by
everybody in the neighborhood, but ad
mitted he did not know what >v»nt on in
the house. Judge Fritz said he would re
serve his decision till to-day, but Inti
mated that he would place Chaffer under
bonds to keep the peace.
A FATAL accident, resulting in the
death of Mate John HUlman,
occurred on the transport Grant
yesterday 'meming. The ship had
been moved into the transport dock from
the stream and the work of hoisting
aboard the tender was going on when the
accident occurred. The Grant had an in
shore list and when the work cf swinging
the davits, in which hung the tender, was
begun, the men exercised extra care. Sec
ond Officer John Hillman warned the men
to-be careful, but hardly were the words
out of his mouth when the heavy launch
swung in toward the port side and
knocked the mate against one of the ven
tilators.
When picked up Mate Hillman was
bleeding from the ears, while a bloody
foam appeared on his lips. An emergency
call was sent to the Harbor Hospital and
in a few minutes the ambulance was
on hand. At the hospital Drs. Frank
Robirson and Will Bauer made a diag
nosis and came to the conclusion
that there was a fracture of the base of
the skull. Later Dr. Armisted also made
the primary grade certificate of Mrs.
Helen Troy Miller and the grammar
grrul« certificate of Mi.-s B. M. Bretz,
teachers In the department, were post
poned until next week for further investi
gation by the board.
The following-named were recommends
to the State Board of Education tor 15f>
diplomas of the grammar grade: Mi«»a
Ru?!e Haas. Mrs. Anna S. Spreckela. Mi*3
Kathryn T. N'unan. Mlsa Christine M.
Stack and Miss Agnes Regan. For a nt^
issue of grammar grade /life diplomas L.
Bowman and Mrs. Belle Flaherty and for
an educational diploma of the grammar
grade Miss Edna Cadwalader were recom
mended.
The Board of Education yesterday de
cided to reorganize the physical culture
department in the public schools and as
a preliminary step toward that end dis
missed the three special teachers who
have had charge of the classes. Those
who lost their positions are H. C. F.
Stahl, George S. Miehling and Robert
Barth.
In the resolution providing for the dis
missals the board states that it "hopes
to reorganize the teaching of physical cul
ture by placing It in the department on
a sound physiological,' psychological and
pedagogical basis"; that the special corps
of three teachers is inadequate to give
Instruction often enough and that "the
present system of . gymnastic exercises
can be taught Just as effectively by class
teachers supervised by the principals."
It was resolved to request the City and
County Attorney to appeal from the 'de
cision adverse to the School Board in the
suit of R. H. Mitchell against P. A. Ber
gerot et al. ; •":
A communication was received from the
Public Improvement Central Club regard
ing the once proposed revision of the rules
that would increase the number of pupil3
in receiving classes to sixty-two and com
pel principals in certain schools to teach
a class. The club demanded that before
final action was taken In the mater the
board hold an open meeting for its dis
cussion bo the club could have a com
mittee present to represent it.
Before the secretary had read the com
munication through Denman objected to
further reading on the ground that the
board had decided not to carry out the
propositions mentioned. He Bald that it
was an insult to the members of the
board to accuse them of contemplating
doing something they had never intended
to do and the communication was shelved.
The fact remains, however, that the
propositions were seriously discussed at
the secret meetings of the board but were
abandoned owing to the opposition cre
ated among teachers and parents against
the schemes when publicity was given
them.,
It was resolved that the board, in ac
cordance with section 1791, subdivision III,
of the Political Code of the State of Cal
ifornia, authorized the issuance of special
certificates in the following subjects:
Bookkeeping, cookery, sewlngr, domestic
science (cookery and sewing combined),
mechanical drawing, architectural draw
ing 1 , freehand drawing; freehand drawing
and clay modeling (correlative and com
bined), freehand drawing and wood carv
ing (correlative and combined), sloyd,
ironwork, woodwork, elocution. Italian,
French, German, Spanish, Latin. Greek,
physical culture, penmanship, stenography
and typewriting (combined), music, kin
dergarten work and manual training, in
cluding as many of the subjects from five
to twelve Inclusive as might be indorsed
on the certificate of the applicant upon
legal proof of competency to teach them.
The city board of examination was di
rected to recommend and present to the
Board of Education such persons as they
might, under the law. find properly qual
ified to receive special certificates for the
subjects named.
Authorization was given to make neces
sary repairs to the Lafayette School
building; to lay stone coping in front of
the Denman schoolhouse and to paint the
Denman Objects to Criticism of Pro
posed Changes in Rules — Special
Certificates to Be
Issued. '
Physical Culture Teachers
Dropped in Pursuance
gof-New Plan.
DISMISSAL OF
INSTRUCTORS BY
SCHOOL BOARD
Two mail fteimers mafle port yester
day and in consequence the water front
was more lively than it has been lor a
week past. The plague scare inaugurated
by the Board of Health has almost rar
aJyzed trade among shippers and ship
ping, but better times are looked for.
The Australia was delayed a day at
Honolulu owing to the absurd plague
rumors. The cargo had to be discharged
into lighters and it was only at the last
moment that the steamer was allowed to
dock. In fact so scared were the- H»
waiians from the thought of the disease
comir.g back to them again that they sent
Dr. Holaiann, the "plague finder." as
they call him in Honolulu, to San Fran
cisco in order to see what was going on
here.
The cabin passengers who came up on
the Australia are:
Princ* D. Kawar.ara.lcoa trd servant. D. On
*•"*¦• ""'*> and *ix children; W. F. Poardmaa,
•wife end children; F. CJay. n-i!e and maid; E.
J. Snow, wife and two children; C. Elston and
wife. Miss E. E. E!*ton. J. *!. Greene, Mrs. M.
Zar^fr.b^rF. Mi»s J5. Zane^ntxrir. E. B. Mc
danahan. »i»* and child: Colonel YV. Cornwall.
J. l>. Holt. John WJw. H. emlth. J. Col<?man.
A. R. Ilarfcra E. BakT. W. J. .Galbraith. l»r.
J. A. WcUh. Miss E. Zimmerman. N. Ohlacdt.
Mr* R. Lov<>. J. II. Love. F. H. Aic<"armlck.
Xlirs J». Lycrtt. Ml?* E. Srhrader. MIfs M.
ixjachue, MIfs S. J. Patch, Mr?. Lauchlln. H.
I». Altken. J. E. Miller. E. P. Low, Mr*. E. J.
McClerr.«.na. Captain I. Haynes and children,
W, L«v*. Mrs. J. M.-Cnrrision. Mrs. E. Kopke
•nd thre* rfclldr^n. S. H. «V>mstr»ck, J. F. Mc-
Crosson, E. P. Oray. Mrs. S. F. Alexander, W.
A. frnltb. Mr*. F. M. Enpllsh, C. Bon and wife.
Mis? Totten. Mi?s N. Stevens. F. D. Greany. D.
I>nnrard. Mise U. Johnson. Mis* r,. Bohlen. Dr.
W. Hr.fT.-an. Miss C. W. Schweltr»r. Mrs. A.
Fl»h«»elcer and children. Mrs. J. Suth^rlafld,
>?rs. t. N. Sexton. Mlsi L. Morsan. lire. <?.
r.rid. Mrs. H. L. Achilles and three children.
Mn>. C. S. R!char<1*on and child, ilisa T W.
rauidlnc. If. fifrtasn. A. Hanetwrp and wife,
A. H. s=mith and wife. W. H. Morrison and
¦u-i.e. Mry. E R. L»var.«-»y, E. P. Walsh, lira.
A. \Va!fh. Miss J. Walsh. J. B. Castle. A.
Eefcierholl. Mrs. J. J. Williair.s. Georgre Water
hou»<». C. A. Marklr.tosh and W. F. Hellbrun.
»if<* and three children.
A Bridal Party Arrives.
An interfstinc trrnyp on the Australia
«-as Charles Aitcn Kls=ton and wife. Miss
Elston and Mr. and Mrs. Francis Gay.
Mrs. Elstr>n was formerly Miss Mabel
Hart, daughter ctf Judge C. F. Hart.
wh:le her husband is an old-time Berke
ley boy. Their intention was> to pet roar
n".? on June 12 and leave for San Fran
else-* on the Australia immediately there
after. The mail steamer was delayed and
in consequence the happy young* couple
had to hie them temporarily to the sea
shore to escape the congratulations of
their friends. Miss Elston and Mr?. Gay
are the sisters of the groom, while Mr.
Gay 1p the manager of the Makawell
plantation and he and his charming wife
form the most attractive couple on the
island of Hawaii.
Wedding That "Was Postponed.
— *
Captain e. P. Gray of the Inter-Island
steamship Company and Mrs. and Miss
Zar.per.bcrg were also amon? the pas
fer.pers and their friends fully expected
to see them return as a bridal partv.
1'nfortunately the excitement was too
much for the young lady and while on her
Tray frora San Francisco to Honolulu on,
the Cry of Pekin* she became mrntajly
unbalanced and when the islands were
reached Use ceremony could not be per-
f r rmed. Miss Zangc-nberg is row on the
fiir way to recovery and the chances are
That her marriape to Captain Gray will
take place here in the course of a few
• • ' ks.
Mail Steamer Peru Beaches Port.
The Pacific Mail Companyf Peru ar
rived from Panama and way ports yes
terday morning. The cabin passengers
were:
J. H. Perire and wife. Miss Lillian
Morse, Maximo Stahl. W. Detile, Miss
Esther Hawley. Miss Adclia Hawley.
Juan L. Marshall. Genova Garcia. D.
Han ton. Anthony Han.«on, H. M. Hanson,
Mrs. V. L. Ixm.gier and Sam Kil, in trail-*
fit for Hongkong:.
Th<? Peru also brought up ten Eu
ropeans in the second caOn and six Chi
nese "in transport" to Hongkong.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
President Kilburn of the Harbor Com
mission is absent on a vacation so Major
Harney presided at yesterday's meeting
of the board. P. A. Byrne was appointed
collector at Washington street wharf. ,
Viet John A. N>wford. time expired. The
contract for placing Fprir.j? piies in the
lay-up slip at Lombard street wharf was
let to James A. McMahon for JCS9.
Rule 8 laid down by the board was
emended at the request of the Draymen's
t'nion so that In future teams with loads
¦welshing seven and a half tons can go
<?own the wharves. Hitherto the limit has
been five tons.
A f.re drill will be hr-ld 5n the new ferry
depot next Tuesday at 2 p. m. Assistant
Chief Douphcrty of the Fire Department
will be in charge of it.
Two Widely Sundered Bridal Parties
Coiae From Hawaii — Temporary "
Affliction Delayed One
of the Ceremonies.
The Mail Steamers Austra
lia and Peru Arrive
in Port
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
MATE HILLMAN OF THE GRANT
MEETS AN ACCIDENTAL DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 21, 1900.
11
JOSEPH HART.
an Innovation as the "crazy effect, but It
dJd cost something. Hart carries four
roosters, for each of which he paid J1'J»).
He paid another $1W) to have them trained
and the expense of a keeper, fe-'dlng and
Jipi J^^m Next Saturday's issue
!r^ M °f 'The Call will contain
V %^^^^[ the first of a series of de-
lightful Talks"
¦ to be P ublished through-
out the summer term of
•^•W IWWw The CairS " Home Study
fll _-J^4^S W Circle" in the course en-
4p^^yiyM / titled "literary Talks and
•'¦ ¦ - ¦-*" / Reminiscences."
REV. EDWARD EVERETT HALE^D-D.; COL. THOMAS
WENTWORTH HIQQINSON; ELIZABETH STUART
PHELPS; WILLIAil J. ROLFE, Litt. D.; HARRIET
PRESCOTT SPOFFORD and PROF. LEWIS E. GATES
Are the distinguished contributors who will prepare the papers for
this course. "Out of the fullness of their hearts" they will talk
about Longfellow and Holmes and Whittier and other famous Ameri-
can authors in a way that will be thoroughly enjoyed by lovers of
American literature. The purpose of the course is to present the
MEN rather than their essays or poems. Special arrangements
have been made for attractive illustrations.
The summer term of the ." Home Study Circle" will extend from
June 15 to October 14, presenting six new courses, as follows :
Mondays. • . • • . . .....'..... - • • .American Political Parties
Tuesdays. ....... The Discoverers and Explorers of North America
~ : Wednesdays. ..^ ....... i^.'.;.. Famous, Art Galleries of the World
Thursdays. ..... ...-i.;;.;:... Historic Studies in Home Furnishing
Fridays... ....... - . Comparative Studies of Two Centuries
fSaturdays^v^i^ Talks and Reminiscences
Paris and Benin are now telephonlcalljr
connected.Sun, Moon and Tide
- LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 6 VA : 6 l\
Closing ........ i 6 2*4 6 2%
PARIS. . ;
Wheats— * June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening '«...'...< ..20 65 2195
Closing ......................... 20 60 22 00
Opening ...2780 2S 90
Closing .'27 85 : .'.•• 29 00
Available Grain* Supply..
NEW.TORK, June 20.— Special cable and tele
graphic communications to Bradstreet's show
the,* following changes in available supplies
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange.- sixty days.... — *4 S3',4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 83U
Sterling Cables — 4 S9
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12'^
Fine Silver, per ounce... — 60«i
Mexican Dollars 4SV1 43
Wheat and Other Grains. '-.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris futures were
both lower.
. Two sets of market reports, each opposing
the other, are being received here "every day.
One is from Chicago, and Is very bullish, point
ing 1 out the deplorable condition of the crop In
the Northwest; the other Is from London, and
points out the fine condition of the Eurooean
crop. The latter Is evidently, intended to coun
teract the influence of the former. ' It reported
yesterday that the crops In Southwestern Kus
eia had been greatly benefited by rains, and
general rains in Great Britain during the past
fortnight had been very beneficial to sprlntr
wheat sections.' But according to the Mark
Lane Express, the sprine wheat has a ' thJn
stand and the yield is doubtful. • '
The Chicago report stated that the, opening
of the session was wild, with general and
heavy buyint. Wires from Minneapolis re
ported no change in the situation. Most terri
tory « continues ¦ to • deteriorate dally . and the
weekly Government . bulletins confirm private
reports. ; The market advanced from 77%c@Sl s i.
This market advanced in sympathy with Chi
cago. : the rise on call being marked. • *.
Spot Wheat— Shlppine. $1 O1U01 02^: milling.
$1 05S1 07% per ctl. - " ,. -
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock—December—32.
ooo ctiv li li: 4000, |i 11%: 16.000, *i 10%; 32,000,
|1 10%: 2000.. $1 10%; 6000, $1 10^.
. Second Session — December — 4000 ctls, $1 10'/4 :
12,000. n 10^: 20.ooo.*iio%. -<¦*¦- ¦¦•
¦ Regular .Morning. Session— December ¦>-' 12,000
ctls. n.12; 2000, $1 11%; 26,000, ¦ $1 12^! 20,000,:
*112%.:. ¦ - v.
'Afternoon- Session — December— 21,000 ctls,
$1 13H: 8000.*. |1 13V4 r.22.000. -|1 13% J 33,000, U 14;
26,000. SI 13%. - May— 2000, : $1 20, .
¦ BARLEY— The ; continued ; rise in wheat has
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, June T>.— The stock market
rnade some headway during the ear!y part of
the wssicn aeainst depression and an average
level «.»f prices materially above last night was
established. Room traders were Inclined to
take the long fide for a turn under the im
prtffilon that the market had been oversold
n.rA a rally was due. Before the end of the
F< .-.-.:: large offerings of stocks were thrown
cn the market, emigrating all the leading
groups xA securities d^alt In. Ilarly nains were
more ihan wiped out. tho decline from the best
in the nctiv* railroad ftwks running (rum I'a.
J^i- '.The net loss****** werf meetly iriietional. Lut
eoiuc of the *p«fia!ties cho* wide drellnes, and
the i>air.e 1* true of »<ome of the dormant BtOCk*
VUcb ha\>? beeu deaJt In during the late period
of weakness. The chk'f ground of the early
ttrcng-lh in the maritt was the higher range
of prices from abroad and the disposition of
Lcmlon to buy rtocks bete. It was evident that
a more cheerful view was taken in foreign
fluanrrs on th»> Chiww* situation and 5'rltisli
consols hanienpd a shortp in rjilte of the stirfen
lr.p of the 1^,-ndon mon^y market. - The chief
lr.Jluence In turning the tide of sentiment to»
vard the l>ear side was the acute weakness de
veloped in supar and Urocklyn Rapid Transit
and in cthor special tlrw by Kymjjathy. The
bears* attacked the Urooklyxi *tock with great
confidence and ericour.ti'rpil Ilttio. opno«itlon in
Offertas Om prices down on account" of ymer
tfay's Judicial oj'inion against the lr-galtty of
ten-cent tarof. Aftf»r Belling nt C4>.\ !n the
morning, tho »<to<k was Joru<vJ dnwn to Cj'j In
the late dealings- The droj> In Sugar extended
to over 4 i>oir.ts end wan without special ex
planation. All of lixo gas Ftocks were acutely
«ieprwsf d and Ue'-Hnes extending frfcm l*i In
J*eop» Ca» to »>-; In Itrocklyn Union Gas.
Other notable declines were cotton oil pre
ferred, ••; Chicago Great Western preferred, z%
on dl^appolntmfnt over the iailure to declare
a dividend; th* tdb&eei fitrtcks. General Klec
tric end New York Air Urake from l 1 *©*. These
violent tedtma h'«d a Kymuathetic effect on the
whole I!«t. Weakness in the railroa<l#\vas bk
gravaieil by the renewal of crop damage re
ports and not only th<» grain carrying roads,
but the cottcn ronds a!s/> were affect«J by this
oufc. FoTne r>{ the i«ellirfs we* Fnid to be of
•tocks held by tank* for collateral, which
had been held for «>me time past to give
opportunity to th<> cuftomcrs of the firms con
cerned to take up th? Ftockr. Th»» money mar
ket hardened appreciably and th* possibility
of <jujck Inroads on the rmall surplus reserves
of the banks recej\-ed increasing attention. To-
Say'* enpatement of fl.100,000 of jrold for ship
ment to France was czijected and sterling cx
rhanpe cased off tinder the offerings of bills
¦ralnst the shipment. Discount . rates hard
ened both In London and lierlln and sterling
t icl'.ar.ge fell a fraction In Paris, cj ttat It is
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, June 20.— Drought has ruined half
the crcp of wheat of the fruitful Northwest
and now excessive heat, according to to-day's
dispatches, is burning up the remainder. A
message from the unfortunate part of the coun
try said that the temperature was 100 degrees
In places. If any additional stimulus were
needed to cause the .continuance of general and
heavy buying of wheat it was found In the
news mentioned. The market started the ses
sion with a good advance over yesterday and
kept on advancing to the close. Throughout
the day Northwestern crops were gloomy to an
extreme degree. The loss now will be nearly
fit per cent. July opened IVi'S'lHc ov-;r yester
day at 78%@79Vic. and after a dip to 78?ic near
the opening, advanced slowly but surely to
8l%c. at which It closed, a price 3%c over yes
terday. The ' Northwest was a heavy buyer,
but at that it could not be said to have led the
dfmand. The demand came from everywhere
apparently; 100.000-bushel lots offered by for
tunate possessors for profit were gobbled up
like a peck of potatoes and the statisticians on
the beard nearly lost their wits trying to keep
track of a market which had gotten far out
of ordinary ' bounds. Outside markets advanc
ed, those In the ' Northwest shooting up even
faster than Chicago, thus furnishing to the
local people additional impulse. The cash
business was curtailed by the sky-rocketing. of
futures. The dips during the day were incon
sequential generally. During the forenoon, July
having jumped to 79?4c, Bold off to 7S%c under
liquidation by longs, but following Uiat the
dips were too small to be noticeable. In such a
large market. The .total of to-day'B trading*
was estimated at 30.000,000 bushels.
Good general buying of corn resulted from
the wheat strength, that market ruling strong
through the session. Vluly closed at the top,
l%c over yesterday. •
Oats were active and strong, helped by the
advance in wheat. July gained lc over yester
day. -
Provisions speculators were calm In the
midst of the surrounding excltementj but were
in accord with the general improvements suf
ficiently to advance the market a bit. July pork
closed "Vic up and lard and ribs each gained 5c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— • Open. Hlzh. Low, Close.
Wheat No. 2— •.•
June ....' S0%
July 79V4 81% . 78% Sl%
AURUst S0»4 S2?4 79?i S2V4
Corn No. 2 — ;'• , ' A
June 1 . 4O'/ S 4Ui 40 ¦ 41%
July .40V, 41H 40 41V6
August 40% 41% 40% 41%
Oats No. 2 —
June -2?.\i 24V4 23'i 24',J
July * 23Vi 24H 23>4 - 24ft
August 23Vi 24V4 23^ 24ft
Mess Pork, pe/ barrel— -.¦¦ ,- ¦--:¦ -.'.-¦•.
July 1145 11 B7V4 1145 1155
September 11 60 11 7714 11 60 11 72H
Lard, per 100 pounds— -<
July 6 60 6 67% 6 60. 6 67^
September 6 70 . 6 SO 6 70' 6 77^
October 6 75 6 SO - 6 75 6 SO
Short Ribs, per 100 Dounds —
July 6 65 6 72>4 6 Co " 6 72',S
September 6 70- .6 80 6 70 6 SO
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. 3 spring wheat, 75@78e; No. 2 red, SI Vic; No.
2 corn, 40%^41«Ac; No. 2 yellow, 41V4«?41»4c; No.
2 oats, iiitWtc; No. 2 white, 26%<g 27c; No. 3
white, 2.-i%(iJ26%c; No.. 2 rye. CSc; good feeding
barley, 3SS240c; fair to choice malting, 41(??44c;
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 80; No. 1 Northwestern,. $1 80;
prime timothy seed. 12 60; mess pork, per bar
rel. $10 40iJtll 55: lard, per 100 pounds, $5 «T.@
6 G7V4: short ribs sides (loose), $6 6o«j:6 So; dry
salted shoulders (Boxed,), 6HG?6%c: short' clear
sides (boxed*. J7 15@7 25; whisky, basis of high
wines," $123. Sugars— Cut loaf, 6.48c; granu
lated, 5.92c; confectioners' A, C.88c. Clover, con
tract jrade, <3. ' ¦ A , . . ...-¦¦?:
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20,000 , 7,000
Wheat.' bushels ....12S.000 .< 20.000
Corn, bushels 761,000 '¦ -~ 1O0.OO0
Oat», bushels 443,000 '-239,000
Rye, bushels 20,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 19,000 3,000
On the Produce Exchange the butter market
was firm; creamery. 14@19c: dairy, 13@18%c.
Cheese,- steady; 8V4@9%c Eggs, slow; freBh,
10c. . • . ¦ *
Chicago Grain Market.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. June 20.
Stmr TWamook, Hughts, IS hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, 63 hours from Saa Diego
and way ports.
Stmr Peru. Irvine, 21 days 12 hours from
Panama and way ports,
Stmr Australia, Lawless, 6 days 12 hoars
from Honolulu.
Stmr Emoire. Nelson. 72 hour* from Coos
Bay. via. Eureka.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, 24 hours frcm Eu
reka.
Barge Santa Paula. Nielsen. hours from
San Pedro, !&¦ tow of tu«r Rescue.
Wednesday, Juae SO.
Stmr State of California. Gage, . Astoria.;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Hinkle. Port Townsend; Good
all Perkins & Co.
Bktn \V H Dimcnd. Nielses, Honolulu; J D
Fpreckals & Bros Co.
Wednesday. Jun» 20.
Stmr National City, Dettmers. Fort Bra*?.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall. Victoria and Pugat
Sound ports.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea. San Pedro.
Stmr Alcatraa. Carlson. — .
Stmr Whitesboro. Olsen. — — .
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson, .
Strar Pomona. Hinkle, Port Townsend.
Br strar Carlisle City. Aitken. Hcnskonf, ria
Portland.
Tug Collis. Lewis. Port Los Angelem.
Br shio Balmoral, Roop. Queenstown.
Schr Alice Cooke. Penhallow, Port Gamble.
Schr Robert R Hind. Hellinssen. Hllo.
Schr Beulah. Mitchell. Gray3 Harbor.
Schr J Epplnger. Skipper. Stewarts Point.
Schr Prosper, Giesel, Car* Nome.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS, June 20. 10 p m— "Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 22 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Jure 3. lat * N. len 13 W — Br ship Croinpton,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
June 15, lat ;0 N. lon 9 W— Br ship Ea'.a, from
London, for Vancouver.
MEMORANDUM
Per Br ship Kins David— On June 6. lat 33 13
N, Ion 127 2 W, passed a mast standing upright
about 3 or 7 feet out of water, apparently in
the water a long while. On June 13. lat 37 37
N. lon 123 W. passed a round log about 20 feet
"" DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed June 20-Scbr Hono
lulu, for Port Natal.
Arrived June 20 — Schr Orient, hence June 5.
COOS BAY— Arrived June 2J— Stmr Arcata.
hence June 17. June Vi— Schr Free Trade, henca
June 3.
Sailed June 1*— Schr Western Home, for Saa
Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 19 — Ship A J Fuller.
from Port Townsend.
Sailed June Vi— Stmr City of Topeka, for
Skaguay. June 20— U S stmr Ezbert, for Capo
Nome.
BANDON— Arrived June 20— Schr Five Broth
ers, hence June 14.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived June S— Stmr Elk
No. 1. hence May 5.
EURKKA— Sailed June 20— Stmr Del N'orte.
for Sah Franciscn.
Arrived June CO — Schr Bertie Minor, hence
PORT LCDLOW— Sailed June 20— Schr Eain
brirlze. for Honolulu.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Juno 20— Stmr
Greenwood, from ; Ger ship Athene, from.
Hambur".
Saile.l June 2C — Stmr Greenwood, for ,
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed June 20— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco; stmr Navarro, for
San Fiancisco.
PORT TOWNSKND— Arrived June 20— Schr
Maweema. from San Pedro; schr Orient, hence
Jun? 5.
UNALASKA— Arrived May ZH— Stmr Rainier,
hence May 15. Had a line pafsatre up and every
thing all right. Expected to sail for Cape Nome
June 5.
In pert June 2 — Srmr Signal, frcm S-uth Bend.
In port June 7— Stmr Luella. hence May 13,
FOREIGN PORTS
EASTEr.N PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 13— Stmr Finance.
from Colon.
Sailed June 13— Er stmr RokeSy, for Manila;
ctmr Advance, for Colon.
NANAIMO— Arrived June 19— Ncr stmr Tlta
nia. hence June 15, and sailed Juno 20 for Saa
Francisco.
GLWYMAS— Sailed June 17-btmr Curacao, for
San Francisco. , ¦'
KIX.SALE — Passed June 10 — Br bark Inver
lochy. l>ence Feb 27. for Quwmiown; Fr bark
Marie, herce March 3. for tjueenstown.
HONGKONG— Arrived June 13— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
MANILA— Arrived June 2rt— Rr stmr Flint
shire, hence May IS. June 13— Dr bark Strath
can. from Norfolk.
HULL— In pert June 7— Br ship Helensbureh,
for San Francisco.
DUNGEXESJJ— Pnssed June 13— P.r ship Port
Stanlev. from Antwerp, for San Fhranclsco,
JUNIN— Sailed May 2S— Ger ship WUheiihine,
for Vancouver.
HONOLrLl'-SallecI June 12-Br ship M E
Watson, fcr San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PLYMOUTH- Arrived June 20— Stmr Pre
toria, from New Tork. for Hamburg, via Cher
bourz.
QCEENSTOWN-SallM June 20-Stmr Ulto
nla frc-m Liverpool, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed June 20— Stmr Kal
*»r Wilhelm der Grospe. from Bremen, for New
York, via Chfrbnurs.
Arrived June 29-Stmr St Louis, from New
York.
LIVI-ftPOOL— Arrived June 20— Stmr Corin
thian, from Montreal; stmr Oceanic, from Xnf
York.
BREMEN— Arrived June 20— Stmr H H Mei
er, from Baltimore.
ANTWERP-Arrivod June 19— Stmr Noord
lani. from Philadelphia
ROTTEP.PAM-Arrivrt June 13— Stmr Staten
dam. from New York, via Boulogne
GLASGOW— Arrived June 2>-Stmr Lauren
tlan, frcm New Yr.rk.
NEW YORK— Arrlverl June' ?v_Stmr Barfe
lona. from Hamburg; stmr Excelsior, from Rot
terdam.
Sailed June 20-sunr Teutonic, for Liverpool;
strar'Southwark. for Antwero, via Southamp
ton, i
I5OSTCN— Arrived June 20— Stmr Norwegian,
from G!a?~ow. •¦
CHEUBOCRO-Saile.1 June 2C-Stmr Kals-r
WHfcelni dcr Oro?*<\ from Bremen and South
ampton, for New York.
BROWHEAD-Paswu June 20— Stmr Eelsen
land. from Philadelphia, for Liverpool. •-
MARSEILLES— Arrived June. 20— Stmr Call'
fornla; from. New York, for Genoa, Lej&ocn.
Eeyond a decline In Contra Costa Water to
163, there was no chance In the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange, sales being small.
The oil stotks were also dull.
There was nothlns new In the afternoon.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. June 20—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 3% 3H
4s quar coup^.113 115'4 Mutual El Co. 10% liu
4s do reg 114 114^ O G L & H.... 464 47%
4s do ca new. .131^4134^4! Pac Gas Imp.. 4fi^ 48
3s quar coup. .109 lC9V-.|Pac L Co 43'£ 44<4
Miscellaneous — S F G & E 4S*l 43U
Cal-st Cab 5S..119 — San Francisco. 4% a
C C Water os.lffO^ — Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Ed L & P 6s..l2S»i — Insurance—
F & CI Ry Cs.. — IIS FirenVs Fund.22SV4 —
Geary-st R 3s. — 93 Bank Stocks —
H C & S o^is. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63 67
Do 5s 101*4 — Bank of Cal... — —
L A Ry 53....104&1C3 Cal S D & T..103 —
L A Lt Co 6s. — — First National — 250
Do irntd 6a.. — — Lon P & A 131 133
L A gntd 5s.. .100 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A P R R os. — 102'/a Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st 6S...12S — Savines Banks-
Do 1st M 3s. 118% — Ger S & L....1S3O —
N C N G R "3. — 114 Hum S & L. . — —
N R of Cal 6S.115HH7 Mut Sav Bk... 45 —
Do as 117% — S F Sav U 505 —
N P C R R 6S.101 — Sav & L So.... 74 73
Do 5s 10S — Sec Sav Bk — —
N Cal R R 6s. Ill — Union T Co — —
Oak G L&Hjs.IU — Street Railroads —
Oak Tran 6s..HSU119U California ....122^ —
Oak W Co 5s.. — — Geary-st 50 —
Oceanic S Co.. 103 — Market-st Ry. 63 —
Om C Ry 6s..l2S — O S L &.H.... — 47%
P & Cl Ry 6S.104H — Presidio 15 21
P & O R R 6s. 115 — Powder Stoclcs —
Powell-st R 6S.120 — California — 160 170
Sac L & GRJs. — — Giant Con Co. 86H —
S F & SJV 3s. 119 120% Vigorlt ..% 2% IY»
S Ry of Cal es.llUi — Sugar Stocks—
S P of A 6s. ..114 — Hana S P Co. 8 SVi
S P C 6sC19C3).110 110% Haw C & S Co — —
Do (10C6) U1V4H3 Honokaa S Co 33«4 —
Do (1012) ....113 122% Hutch S P Co. 23*4 23%
SPRC lstgntSs — — Kilauea S Co. 20 20v;
S P Rr 6s 130 — Makawell S Co 47 47*»
S V Water 6s.Ho HoVi Onomea S Co. 27H 23
Do 4s 103 lCC'i Paauhau S Co. 31^4 — j
Do 3d mte... 101*4 — Miscellaneous— 1
Stocktn Gas 6s 99 - JA1 Pack Assn.ll7H117H
Water Stocks— . iCal Fruit Asn. — 93'4
Contra Costa.. 63 63 Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marin County. 50 — Oceanic S Co.. 92% 94
Spring Valley. 94% 95 Pac A r A.... 2 -
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor Co.IjO —
Cent G L Co.. — — I Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P Co 3«,i — 1
Morning Session.
Board
5 Alaska Packers* Assn 117 .j
10 Contra Costa Water 63 00
5 Giant Powder Con '. S5 So
10 Mutual. Electric Light 11 00
$3000 N P C R R 3s 1CS 2a
40 Onomea Sugar Co 27 2o
23 S F Gas & Electric Co. cash 48 50
J13.C00 S V 4s (2d Mtge) 10100
Street— . - -~r
EO Ilonokaa S Co 33 23.
43 Oceanic S S Co , 93 CO
Afternoon Session.
$2010 Hawaiian C & S Co" 5s 101 CO
$1000 Hawaiian C &. S Co 5s 101 50
$1000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 101 73
3 Oakland Gas 47 r«
$2000 Oakland Transit Co 6s in 00
55 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Home Oil 4 13
33 San Joaquln S CO
100 San Joaquin 2 t'3
Afternoon Session.
Board —
23 Home Oil - 4 23
S Oil City Petroleum 16 ->0
100 San Joaquin 3 10
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Mornlns Session.
20O Alpha Con 04 100 Overman 16
700 Belcher 17 IPO Overman 17
000 Best & Belcher 27 i.00 Potosl W
100 Best & Belcher 26 100 Savage 17
100 Bullion 0.'. 200 Sierra Nevada. 91
100 Caledonia 115 50O Silver Hill 37
1<;O Con Cal & Va..l C5I f.flO Union Con 20
100 Gould & Curry 13 700 Yellow Jacket.. 12
COO Ophlr 761
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 27 100 Ophir 73
€00 Best & Belcher 26 300 Savage 15
100 Challenge 15 "COO Sierra Nevada 23
200 Con Cal & Va..l Do 2C0 Utah 14
100 Confidence 65 300 Yellow Jacket.. 12
The followine were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
200 Belcher 17 400 Mexican .... 2"
2."0 Con Cal & Va..l o.'> 40Q Sierra Nevada 30
1200 Justice Co 300 Unlcn Con 22
Afternoon Session. •
EO Con Cal & Va..l 53 500 Sierra Nevada *9
2C0Ophir 76 300 Union Con.. ' 21
300 Ophfr 73! 503 Utah "" 14
400 Sec Belcher 04|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
• WEDNESDAY. June 2C-4 p. m
Bld.A-sk. I Bid A«v
Alpha 03 C4 Justice 06 0"
Alta 01 f!2 Kentuck '. _ n{
Andes 06 07|Lady Wash .... 02 C3
.Belcher 15 17 Mexican £ 2)
Best & Belcher 26 27 Occidental .... n u
Bullion 01 Oa Ophlr . f> 74
Caledonia ......1 10 1 15 Overman .1'.'.'.'.'. ¦ 16 17
Chollar .*.. IS 13 Potosl .... is n
Challenge Con.. 14 13 Savap.p **' i« i-
Confldence 66 63JSeorpion ...'."" c- —
Con Cal & Va,.15O 1 53!Seg Boloher..." 04 05
Con Imperial .. — 01 BJerra Nevada.. » SO
Con New York. — 03 Silver Hill 35 40
Eureka Con ..- EOlPrLouta v - r
Crown Point ... 07 I* Standard - 4 C5
Exchequer ..... 01 02 1 Syndicate — 08
Gould & Curry 13 14 TTnion Con 20 21
Hale &Norc... 26 87 Utah n 15
J""* 01 02 Yellow Jacket.. 11 12
Time- Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Oi'flce. U. &' N Jler-
June 1^ l2C0 hanSe ' SaD Franctsco " pel.;
The time' ball on the tower of the new Ferrr
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
._?"t at noon ° f the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
., ¦ * C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
THE STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22,700 barrels; exports. 365; ' unsettled and 15®
20c higher again, with demand Increasing.
Minnesota patents, J4 25® 1 60; winter patents,
W04 25: winter straits. $3 70®3 90; winter ex
tras. $2 70<S3 10; winter grades, J2 65<g2 75.
WHEAT— Receipts. 63.800; spot dull. No. 2
red. 91c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 8Sc elevator.
Options opened strong and unsettled with a
very good local and outside demand. Influenced
by unexpected distortion in English cables and
hot weather in the Northwest. Foreign houses
traded on behalf of both sides. Speculative
activity and bulllehness continued all day,
winding up with an excited demand from shorts
at 4©4Vic net advance and top for the day.
July. S3li5?S6c. closed, 86c; September," $6Vi@
874c, closed S7c; December, 84%(ffS8«4c, closed
Ssc.
HOPS-Qulet
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot, steady; the market for fu
tures closed firm, with price net unchanged to
10 points higher; sales. 13,500 baps. Including:
July, $7 05*37 10; September, $7 20r(i7 33; Novem
ber, $7 15@7 30; December, $7 35@7 45; January,
|7 45.
SUGAR— Raw and refined, firm.
BUTTER— Steady. Creamery extras, 14319c;
factory. 12^@lGc.
EGGS— Firm. Western, loss off, 14015c;
Western ungraded, lO'qlZ'ic.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. June 20.— Evaporated apples
exhibited a steady undertone on goou country
advices and in the absence of sellers prices
have remained unchanged. California dried
fruits continue Inactive and ' nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Cummor.,
4H«?5c; prime. 5%®6c; choice, e^iSfZe; fancy, 7V.
@S>c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%®7c per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 12%SHc; Moorpark, 150
ISc.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16®:0c; unpeeled, 6@9c,
TO SAIL.
Charters.
The A. J. West loads lumber at Chemalnus
for Santa Rosalia; the A. J. Fuller ccal at
Seattle for this port; the S. D. Carleton coal
at Taconsa for Kahulul: the Rloemfontein lum
ber on the sound for Australia.
The Scxtiago loads tnds:e. fcr Hllo.
Condition of Trade.
Henry Clews' New Tcrk circular cays:
"One very satisfactory evidence of prosperity
Is the continued large exports, amounting to
IIll.rsS.OCO last May. against ISl.2iO.000 a year
bjio. Our Imports during the same month were
$7LK5,0C0, compared with $70. 160,000 last year.
This left an excess of exports amounting- to
J41.S47.ViO. ag*inst I3.6SO.000 in 1S39. and a con
siderable portion of this excess was due to the
rapid Increase in exports of American manu
factures.
"irnfavorable rej»orts concerning the wheat
crop have caused more uneasiness than justi
fied, because the larpe increase In acerape
I'ron'.isfs to fully offset all damage reports thus
far received. The condition statement of the
Ijepartment of Agriculture on Jure 1 indicated
a yield of C19,(XK).f>0j bushels, while the total
Crop of 1ES3 was 547,000.000 bushels, which af
fordc a big margin for damage before the yield
falls below last year. Trade reports indicate a
slackening of business and in a few instances
railroad earnings show a decline from top fig
ures. This should be expected. Demand and
j'rices cannot always continue at flood tide;
moderate reactions would probably put trade
on a much more healthy basis and pave the
way for renewed activity next fall. Wall
ctreet is even now discounting such a reaction.
Gold exports have bes n renewed upon a con
siderable scale, but this movement attracted
little attention. Money rates continue easy
and the satisfactory condition of the money
market is the chief source of strength in stocks.
For the next few weeks, or until after the
nominations, we may look for a ir-iiet market.
Ec.me attempts may be made to force a lower
level of prkes. l>ut they are likely to meet with
Indifferent success, there being already a con
siderable short Interest in the market. Stocks
are firmly held and with easy money and disap
jiearance of pome of the uncertainties noted
above there will be pood opportunities for
profitable purchases in the better grade stocks.
On the weak spots the market will be a pur
chase for quick turns."
Merchandise for Victoria.
The steamer Walla Walla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with cargo manifested up to 3
p. m.. as follow*: For Victoria, $C435; for Van
couver. JICS4; total, J12.119.
For Victoria— 5 pkgs Dried Fish. 11 pkgs
Hardware. 40 pkps Dried Fruit. 2 era Bicycles.
6 ce Dry Goods. Z7o Fks Malt. 973 pkgs Fruit,
IS I'kgs Ironware. 30"*) ft Lumber. 1623 lbs
Sugar, CO bxs Oranpes, S3 pkgs Iron, 35,000 lbs
Tin Plate. 10 pkgs Groceries. 20 pkgs Steel, 10
bbls Oil. 724 sks Potatoes. 40 crs Onions, 230
bxs Paste. 17 colls Wire, 150 gals Wine, 16 pkgs
Household goods.
Pot Vancouver— 11 coils Cordage, 13 Ehts
Etef-1, 5CS fks. Malt. 2611 lbs Tin Plate. 3 ca
Canned Goods. C3 bars Iron, 75 pkgs Wagon
Material. 25 kits FiFh. 5 cs Oil, 77i0 ft Ship
JiUrglr.g. £2 rkjes Hardware, 71 ce Drugs, 133 lbs
Quicksilver, 110 f>cs Poplar Wood, 111S lbs To
bacco. 1003 fks Uituminr.us Rock. 5 colls Rub
ber Hose. 115 pkgs Vegetables. 6 kegs Nails. 35
cs Cocoanuts. SO pkes Dried Fruit, iu pkgs Gro
ceries and Provisions.
Weather Report.
FORECAST,
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 25, 1S00. 5 p. m. .
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day: 1
Eureka 71 'San Diezo 66
Fw-Eno 102 Sacramento 9>J
Los Angeles M Pan Luis Obispo S2
Red Cluff 98 * Mount Tamalpais.... 75
Independence SS; ','.'.-.
Sar. Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
Cj; minimum. $2; mean. £9.
V.EATHEK CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The weather 1« cloudy and rainy over the
western portions of Washington and Oregon
and fogRv along th» northern California coast;
elsewhere the weather generally is clear. The
rainfall along the coast from the mouth of the
Columbia Kiver to Pug<t Sound has been heavy.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
eastern portions of Washington and Oregon
and risen alone the coast.
The temperature has risen decidedly over the
erst-tern portions of Washington and Oregon,
Idaho and V»'estern Montana. Except along the
lrr:iwdiate coast the temperatures west of the
Il.irky Mountains generally «;xce«d £'0 degrees.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for tWrty
h'urs. (-nclns midnlglu. June 21. 1SO0:
Northern California— Fair Thursday, except
fejrry alon? the coast lr. the early morning,
and probabiy i-hoxvers on the extreme northern
coa*t; tresh jvest wind.
Southern California— Fair Thursday, except
ferry aloof the ccast In the morning; fresh
v>tt wind.
Nevada— Fa'r Thuirday.
Utah— Fair Thursday.
Ariiona— Fair Thursday. .
Kan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday,
except foRgy In the morning and at night;
fresh weet wind. G. H. W1LLSOX.
Local Forecast orncial.
considered probable that the demand for rold
Is not yet satisfied and gold is expected to go
out on Saturday.
The bond market was dull and prices lower.
Total Eales par value. $1,250,000. United States
new 4s declined lVAc In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
sold. Bid.
3,200 Atchison 24%
15.S40 Atchison prefd 69T4
e.V.'j Baltimore & Ohio 74
Canadian Pacific 90
Canada Southern .....' 43
E20 Chesapeake & Ohio 23
E;0 Chicago Great Western 10%
1L423 Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 123%
Chicago, Indiana and Louisville 20
Chicago Indiana & Louisville prefd. 50
Chicago & East Illinois 9S
400 Chicago & Northwestern 156%
l.CCO Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 104»»
1.000 C C C & St Louis 57
310 Colorado Southern 6%
£20 Colorado Southern 1st preld 41%
Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 16%
400 Delaware & Hudson 10S>4
1,310 Delaware, Lack & Western 175%
Denver & Rio Grande 1/
224 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 65%
500 Erie 11
450 Erie 1st prefd My.
&00 Great Northern prefd 130
£20 Hocking Coal 13 '
100 Hocking Valley S4Vi
150 Illinois Central ..- 111%
410 Iowa Central 18
110 Iowa Central rrefd 45
Kans City, Pitts & Gulf 16
100 Lake Erie & Western 2S%
Lake Erie & Western prefd 95
Lake Shore 20S%
3.S95 Lnulsville & Nashville 74*»
11.180 Manhattan L 84 r " ?
S.6<X> Metropolitan Street Railway 14C*i
1,020 Mexican Central ll'/i
170 Minn & St Louis 45
Mir.n & St Louis prefd SS
S.920 Missouri Pacific 47V4
Mobile & Ohio 36
MlFFOuri. Kans & Texas 10
815 Missouri. Kans & Texas prefd 23^
1.300 New Jersey Central 121%
I.12J New York Central 127%
2.4Q0 Norfolk & Western 31H
120 Norfolk & WeFtern prefd 76%
26.4S:; Northern Pacific » S0 7 4
6.'^ Northern Pacific prefd 72%
L0O0 Ontario & Western 1SV*
Oregon Ry & Nav 42
Oregon Ry & Nav prefd 76
5.130 Pennsylvania 126%
5dO Reading 16
700 Reading 1st prefd 54H
1,500 Reading 2nd prefd 26%
Rio Grande Western 56
Rio Grande Western prefd 87%
100 St Louis & San Fran 8%
St L & San Fran 1st prefd 67%
Ft L & San Fran 2nd prefd 31**
700 St Louis. Southwestern 9
1.395 Ft Lculs. Southwestern prefd 22
14,575 St Paul U0T4
St Paul prefd 171
St Paul & Omaha IIS
11.125 Southern Pacific KHi
1.2CO Southern Railway .., 10H
1.760 Southern Railway prefd 50%
1.200 Texas & Pacific: 14
»;S05 Vnion Pacific 50%
1,215. .t'nlun Pacific prefd "IK
Wabaeh 7H
2,010 WabaFh prefd 17"4
ino Wheeling & L E SI
1.SS0 Wheeling & L E 2nd prefd 2174
Wisconsin Central 14%
Express Companies —
Adams 117
American • 143
I'nited States 43
Wells Fargo 120
Miscellaneous —
1.C23 American Cotton Oil SUM
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 83
100 American Malting 3
270 American Malting prefd 19
620 Amerir.can Smelting- & Ref 3">',;
100 American Smeltins & Ref prefd 9SS,
American Spirits 2V*
American Spirits prefd 17
.... American Steel Hoop 18
American Steel Hoop prefd 67
1.073 American Stff\ & Wire 30U
American Pteel & Wire prefd 71%
773 American Tin Plate 18 : i
flM) American Tin Plate prefd 73
37.C20 American Tobacco S6»;i
American Tobacco prefd 129
SjO Anaconda Mining Co 3$Vi
SS.277 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 60%
&0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 30
625 Continental Tobacco 22U
1.400 Continental Tobacco prefd 76
5.09O Federal Steel 31
4,013 Federal Steel prefd 63%
DOO General Electric 12S%
Glucose Sugar 47
K>0 Glucose Sugar prefd 97
700 International Pap^r 22',i
100 , Internatfrmal Pap«r prefd 6*
2,5ffl Laclede Gas 71
245 National Biscuit 28
200 National Biscuit prefd 73%
775 National l«ad ' is^»
"National Lead prefd S3 -
S23 National Steel 24
National Steel prefd R4\i
100 New York Air Brake 124
130 North America n u%
. 400 Pacific Coast 4S
Pacific Coast let prefd 80
• Pacific Coast 2d prefd 5S
5:fl Pacific Mall 1 27
- 9,rro People'* Gap 97
•4"0 Presw"! Steel Car 42-
ISO Pressed Steel Car prefd 73
320 Pullman Palace Car 179
473 Standard Rope & Twine 4"4
44.jr^> Sugar H2V4
100 Suirar prefd m
3.»W> TrnnffBf* Coal & Iron 63',J
1.S70 1'nlted States Leather 8%
RSO TniU-d States Leather prefd 66%
100 Knlted States Rubber....'. 26
T'nlted Statfs Rubber prefd 94%
2r^> Western T'nion. ex dlv ~&$i
1.1-if Republic Iron & Steel io
1,273 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 50
P C C & St Louis £6
Third Avenue 103%
351,260 .Shares sold. iSjieW
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s rer, IM K & T 2d» 6CU
when' Issued" 103 ' Do 4s $914
D S 2b re- 100 |N Y Cent lsts 1U>4
r>o 2« r«"K 109 N J Cent ten 5s. .122
I>i 's coup 109 Northern Pac 3s.. 66%
Do new 4s rer..l34U Do 4s 103%
Jjo new 4* coup..l31',i N Y C & St L 4s. 103%
Do old 4s rer 114 Nor & W con 4s.. 96%
Do old 4s COUD..115 Or Nav lsts 109
Do us r*z 113 Do 4s *. 101U
Do r,s coud 113 O S Line 6s... 127%
DM of Col 3.CS..123 Do con Gs 114'/.
Atchlron cen 4s. ..100% Reading Gen 4».... K7v7
Do adjt 4s BU R O W lsts........ »9%
Canada -So 2dn 10«14;St L & I M con Ss.IlOtt
Ches & O 4«.» »8**IS L &S F Gen 68.125
Do 5s 116H!St Paul con 169%
Chi A N consr,! 7e143 |S P C»& P lsts. ...111%
C A N S'F Deb 5!ll7%! Do' 5s 120
<"-hira*o Term 4».. 35 S P 4s 79V
Colo Southern 4s... K."iH ! Southern Ry 5s lio£
D & R O lets lOlTj, Standard R & T 6s 65
Do 4s MU Tex & Pac lsts. ...112
H T. V & O lsts.lW4 Do 2ds 55
Eri" Gen 4s 70 TTnlon Paclfle 4s...l0o%
Ft \V & DC lsts.. 70HI'«'aha*h lsts 114.
O^n E'.ec 5s 117% Do 2ds 100
Iowa Centra! lsts. 112 West Shore 4s. ...115
K C. P & Q lsts.. 70 Wls Cent lsts .... 90
L & NT Unl 4s....lO0<ilVa Centuries 02
MINING STOCKS.
Chol'ar l7>Ontarlo ( 87%
Crown Point CijOphlr 70
Ccn Cal & Va 1 10
Dcadwood 4.>, Quicksilver l so
Gould & Curry 10! Do-prefd... ... 7 OC
. Hale & Norcross.. 23'Slerra Nevada 25
Homertake 55 OdStandard 3 CO
Iron Silver 5S! Union Con. is
Mexican JS Yellow Jacket....; 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. — -
Money— Union Pacific 60U
Call loans 2 <HZ West End 93
Time loans :...2' / fe©4 Wpstinghouse El.. 44
Stock? — . Bonds —
A.. T. & St. Fe 24% Atchison 4s 100
Do prefd C3% N E Gas & C La— 61
American Sugar... 112 Mlninr Shares— • - •
Do prefd .113% Adventure ; 2
Bell Telephone 300% Allouex Minlnff Co 1
Boston & Albany. .240 Amal Copper SZ T i
Bopton L 137 Atlantic 21
Boston & Maine. .132 Boston & Mont.. — 231
Chi. Bur & Q 123% Butte &. Boston.. 63
Dominion Coal .... 37% Calumet & Hecla.724
Do prefd 116 (Centennial 16>i ,
Federal Steel 30",6) Franklin 12U
Do prefd 63% Humboldt 60
Fltcbburg pfd ....133 , Osceola ............. S3
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the order of occurrenc« as to time. Tn»
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tlda
and the last or right hand column gives the
laet tide of the day. except when there are but
thre* tides, as errmetlmes occurs, ilw heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
whe». a minus el«n (— ) pr«K*cd°9 the helcM.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
r*'i»r*nc» I* tr;e Twn of th» |nw»r !«r witi>r».
General Electric .'.12S% Parrot S$%
Do prefd 136 Qulncy 1*5
Ed Elec 111 ........205 Santa Fe Copper.. 4%
Mexican Central... UV* Tamarack 178
N E Gas & Coke.. 15%j Utah Mining 23
Old Dominion 16 Winona 2%
Rubber 26 IWoiverines .'. 86%
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. June 20.— Money on call, easy
at l%01?i. Prime mercantile paper, 3%®4%
per cent. Sterling : exchange, easy,- with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 86^04 86% for
demand and at $4 84%04 85% for sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 ?5%®4 83. Commercial bills,
$1 83%@4 83%. Silver certificates, 60661c. Bar
vllver. .60ttc Mexican dollars, 47%c. Bonds—
Sta'te, inactive; Government, easy; railroad,
heavy.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, June 20.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 sold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $149.396.SS3; gold. $63,956,619.
London Market.
NEW YORK, June 20. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were Improved to-day by the
better' Chinese news and the encourag'ne re
port from Lord Roberts. American. stocks were
unsteady and featureless, closing slightly bet
ter than the worst. Discount* were barely
steady. Call money was practically unlendable.
Time loans were made at from 1% to 1%. The
Bank of England sold £146,000 In German coin
and £7000 for export to a destination not
named. Some French coin Is expected to go
to-morrow.
CLOSING.
LONDON, June 20.— Atchison, 25%: Canadian
Pacific, 93«i: Union Pacific preferred, 74Vi;
Northern Pacific preferred. 74%: Grand Trunk.
C%; Anaconda. 8%; Rand Mines. 40%. Bar sil
ver, steady, 27%.
Local stocks and bonds dull.
Sihcr a fraction off. Exchange unchanged.
IFhcat continues to rise. Flour is stiff in sympathy.
Barley steady. Oais, Corn and Rye dull.
Hoy weakening off again.- Feedstuffs firm.
Bcar.s and Seeds quiet and unchanged.
Potatoes in large supply and zveak. Onions steady.
Butter and Eggs continue to drag.
Poultry in light receipt, but dull.
Fruit market well but not excessively supplied.
Provisions as before quoted.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sun rises !:•-
Sun sets W-"-''^T
Moon rises 0 :2 ° *• D -
WEDNESDAY. J'CNE 21
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
from the, last account! Wheat-United States
and Canada, east of. the Rockies (Liverpool
Corn Trade News), increase 117.000 bushels,
afloat for and In Europe, increase 1.600,000 bush
els. % Total supply, Increase. 1.717,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of Rock
ies, Increase 312.000 bushels. The aggregate
stock of, wheat held at Portland. Or., and la
coma and Seattle, Wash., decreased 36,000 busn
els last week.
NEW YORK. Juno 20.— Porter . Bros. Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Prunes— Trag
edy, $1450210, single crates; Blmonl, $1 5001 83.
Plums— Burbank, 66c®$2 30, single crates; Red
June. 75c©$l 65: Peach, $1 CO: Abundance, 65c®
$1 60; Hattonkln. $1 40; other varieties. 40c@
$1 03. Figs— Black, ?1 55 box. Apricots— Mont
gametH, $165, single crates; Royals, C0c@$l 40.
Pears^-Clapp's Favorite, $160, half boxes.
Cherries— Royal Anne, 50c©$l 25; Tartarlans, 30o
©$105; Blcarreau, 35085c; Republican. 6<.<ci.8nc;
Centennial, 7Qc. Peaches— Hale' a Early, 2Oc0tt:
Alexander, 30<5S5c.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Apricots-
Sparks' Mammoth. $1 1001 15. single crates.
Royals, 75C0S1 35. Peaches— Alexanders. 4oc&
$1 10. boxes: Eulatis, 80085c. Plums— Clymans.
4Oc0$l 40, single crates. Prunes— Tragedy.
$1 55Q2 10. single crates. Cherries— Royal
Anne. 70c©-$l 45, boxes. Eleven cars of fruit
sold to-day.
CHICAGO June 20.— Earl Fruit Company a
sales of California fruit:
Apricots— Royals, $1 3001 40, single crates.
Plums— Burbar.ks averaged $1 67, single crates:
Clymans, R5c©$l. Prunes— Tragedy averaged
$2. single crates.
Porter Bros.' Company sales: . Prunes-
Tragedy, $2 1002 65; Simoni: $1 45. Plums—
Burbanks, $1©1 75; Yosabe. $1 2501 65; Abun
dance. $1 1001 60; Royal Hetive. 9Oc0$l 25; Cly
mans. 85c©$l 05; Cherries. 6509O«. Apricots—
Moorpark. $1 55; Montgamet. $1 66; Royal, .$1 15
@1 40. Peaches— Alexander. $1 10@l 30. Cherries
—Royal Anne, 4Oc0$l 30; Tartarlans, 50c©$l 80;
Republicans. 65c0$l 10: Bigarreau, 7Oc0$l,
Centennial, 25c. Five cars of fruit sold to-day.
Chicago Livestock Market;
CHICAGO, June 20.— CATTLE— Receipts, 15,
000. Steers slow to 10c lower, butchers' stock
weak to 10c, lower. . Natives, best on sale to
day, three carloads at $3 75; good to prime
steers, $5 1005 75; poor to medium, $4 5005 60;
selected feeders, steady to weak, $4 1004 85:
mixed stockers, 10c lower, $3 4004 ; cows and
heifers. $305 15; canners. ' $2 4003; bulls. $30
4 25: calves, $5©6 50. Texans— Receipts, 1100;
best on sale to-day, one carload at $5; Texas
fed ' steers, $4 5005 20; grassers. $3 60@4 25;
bulls, $304 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 32,000: to-morrow, 23,000.
Ten cents lower, closing weak. Top, $3 22<4;
mixed and butchers, $505 22%; heavy, $505 22%;
light. $K©5 22%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 16,000. Sheep, best steady,
others 10c lower; wethers, $3 7505 15; Western
sheep, . $4 4006; yearlings, $5 2505 75: Western
lambs, $606 50; Colorado clipped lambs, $7;
spring lambs, . $5@7 25.
Wheat Speculation in &Qew York.
NEW YORK. June 20.— The bulls again ob
tained' control of the wheat market this morn
ing and squeezed shorts on the early curb to
the extent of practically 2c a bushel, July sell-
Ing up to 83%c before the regular opening and
from 83%c to S3%c after the official start. It
was an extremely nervous market, with trans
actions on a big scale and bad crop news, to
gether with unexpected strong English cables,
the principal argument in favor of advancing
prices. The pit was in a 'fever of excitement
all the forenoon, prices shifting constantly over
a wide range, accordingly as bulls or bears ob
tained the upper hand temporarily. The cry of
dollar wheat has cropped up In some quarters,
but the best talent regards such a price as very
extreme under present circumstances. Opera
tions during the forenoon reached a total of
about 5,000,000 bushels. Speculators' excite
ment was continued throughout the entire after
noon, with a strong advance in prices, July
selling up to S6c near the close, representing
4c advance for the day and 14c advance the
past two weeks. The December ODtlon was
even stronger, showing 4&C net advance. The
market closed In a burst of excitement at the
top notch for the session and year. Transac
tions altogether amounted to about 7,000,000
bushels.
Boston Wool Market.
¦ BOSTON, June 20.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
The past week has been a very dull and un
satisfactory one In the wool market. At no
time this year, in fact, has the dullness been
more intensified that It has been since our last
review.. Reports from manufacturing centers
are not of an altogether encouraging nature,
and In some sections some mills are reported as
running at reduced time. Consumers will pur
chase only very sparingly of wool, as they feel
uncertain as to the opening of the lightweight
season and the | London wool sales, the two
events that are anxiously awaited. In the
meantime wools continue very firm in the terri
tories and growers and buyers are apart.
Neiv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 20.— The market for
metals ruled very weak In sympathy with the
continued favorable advices from abroad. Trad
ing, however, was not active. PIglron war
rants were nominally quoted at $14 25 and very
weak in tone. Tin was a shade easier at $30.
Lead continues unsettled on the basis of $3 72V4
#3 77%. Spelter • ruled weak and somewhat
lower at U 1504 20 under an Increase In re
ceipts. Lake copper was dull ami unchanged
at $16 50. The brokers' price for. lead was $3 60
and for copper $16 60.
NrcV 'York Cotton Market.
NEW .YORK. June 20.— Anticipation of strong
Liverpool cables in the morning and fears of
another batch of bad crop news prevented a
bull reaction in the cotton market. The mar
ket closed steady at a net advance of 16 to
SO points, as airalnst the greatest advance of 36
to 47 points. Speculation was the heaviest on
record, the total sales reaching over 1.000.CO0
bales, the greater portion of which changed
hands in the last two hours.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, June 20.— Clearings, $318,634; bal
ances. $40,2S6.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
PORTLAND. June 20. — The wheat market Is
steady but the advance has been checked by
increasing freight rates. * Walla Walla, 56c;
Valley. 55@.'6c; Blue Stem, 58c.
Cleared— German .ship Nesala, for Queens
town, with 100.3S3 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, June 20.— Wheat, l^c higher; Blue
Stem. CS'^c; Club, 56%c, both for export.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, June ZO.-Consols, 100 15-16@101 1-16.
Silver. 27?id. French Rentes, 99f 92',4c01OOf.
-Cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes
No. 1 Standard California, 30s lV4(t» cargoes
Walla Walla. 29s 3d; English country markets,
partially Cd dearer.
LIVERPOOL. June 20.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
Standard California, 6s 3d©6s 4d: wheat in
Paris, dull; Hour In Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 l-32d.
Its effect on this cereal, and while there is no
advance, holders have more confidence and In
sist on full figures:
Feed, 67H07Oc for No. i and 62140650 for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, 75080c;
Chevalier nominal;
CALL. BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 8:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls. 70Hc; 4000, -70?6e.
Second Session— December— 6000 ctls, 70Hcv
Regular Morning Session— December— 2009 ctls,
TC^Jc. . , .
Afternoon Session— No sales,
OATS— Trade is dull and thero is nothing new
.^y^t' 5110 ® 180 ' Surprise, n 22V401 23! Red.
$1 10@l 20; Gray, fl 07Hi@l 15J Black, |1©1 07V4
per ctl. x
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, H 15@1 17^ per
ctl; Eastern Whlt«, fl 1S©1 17H per ctl; SItxcd.
$1 lo. .
RYE— S7&C for hew and 92H@93o for old.
bUCKWiiEAT-Numuml.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Everybody is looking for an advance In local
Flour, but It has not yet b«en announced. The
market la very stiff, however.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 6003 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, {3 iOQi 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 7503 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and $3 1503 30 for bakers'.
MILLSTUFKS— Prices in sacks aro as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: - Graham
Flour, $2 70 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 50;
extra cream do, .$3 25; Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny, «2 2303 50; Buckwheat Flour. $404 25:
Cracked Wheat, $3 25; Farina, $4 CO: Whole
Wheat Flour, $3; Rolled Oats (barrels), $607 23;
In sacks. $5 7507: Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas.
$5; Green Peas, $3 E0 per ICO lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
A cur of fine new tame Oat Hay, the first
of the season, came In from Sonoma, but was
not eold, JC 25 being the best bid.
It Is doubtful whether the advance tn Hay
can be maintained, as receipts are larger since
the Drlces were marked up, and the feeling is
now weak. Some dealers are already quoting
lower prices. Feedstuffs remain unchanged.
BRAN— $13@14 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17020 per ton. '
FEEDSTUFFS^Rolled Barley. $15@16 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing, $27 60
@28: Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Corn Meal, $25;
Cracked Corn. $22 50; Mixed Feed, $15 50.
HAY— Wheat. J7 fXX@9 50 for common to good,
$10010 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7 50010;
Oat, $6 5008 50; Alfalfa, $3@7 60 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, $4 50@6 50; Wheat.
$6 5008: Clover, $4 6006; Alfalfa, $307; Barley,
?4 5006 50 per ton.
STRAW— 25037%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
All descriptions under this head remain as
before.
BEANS— Bayos, 12 85@3; small White, $3 23©
3 40: large White, $2 75@3: Pink. $2 50@2 90: Red.
$2 50©3; Blackeye, $3 50©3 75: Butters, nominal;
Lima, $5 30(35 40; Pea, $3 40©3M; Red Kidneys,
$45?4 CO.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax, $1 90@2 20; Canary, 3V4o per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2V4@3c; Hemp, 4@4^c; Timothy,
4@4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 90@2 25; Green, $1 90
©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Supplies of Potatoes continue very large and
the market rules weak. Onions are steady.
Vegetables are In moderate supply and Corn,
Beans and Peaa are scarce and firm.
POTATOES— Oregon UuibanKc. oo<«S3c: New
Potatoes. 30o(iJ$l pr ctl. •
ONIONS— New Red. 50tf63c; Silverskins, 90c
per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, $1@2 per sack
and $1 50<g2 per crate for Vacaville and $1 75©
2 25 for bay; Rhubarb. 25ffi75c per box; Aspara
gus, 73c©$l 75 per box for common to choice
and $2@2 50 for fancy large; Green Peas, $13015)
1 75 per sack; String Beans, 3@5c; Cabbage, 40©
50c; Tomatoes, 50e@$l 25; Rivers. $2: Egg Plant.
4<f?10c; Green Okra, 25c; Green Peppers, IOiJJ
12%c for Chill and 15@20c fcjr BeU; Dried Pei
pers, g@10c; Carrots, 23@35c per sack; Summer
Squash, 30@40c per box for Vacaville and 50©
75c for Alameda; Cucumbers, tl&l 25 for Ala
meda and 50@65c per box for Marysvllle; new
Garlic, 3c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Several cars of Eastern have come to' hand
this week, and the demand Is light, as -usual,
at this time of the year when so many are out
of town, hence the market is weak.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@10c for Gobblers
and ll@13c for Hens: Geese, per pair, $1@1 25;
Goslings, $10125; Ducks, J3 50@l DO for old and
$3 50@4 50 for young; Hens, $4@4 50; young
Roosters. $4 5<*fT5 50: old Roosters. $3 3(X^4. Fry
ers, $3 S0@4; Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and $1 75
62 23 for small; Pigeons, $1 23@1 50 per dozen
for old and %\<Q\ 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal. •</
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. ".
Fancy Butter holds tts own, but the market
is overstocked with all' other grades and the
feeling Is weak. Kggs continue to accumulate
and prices continue to decline. There is no
chanpre in Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 19©19',ic; sec
onds, 1S@1S%c
Dairy— Fancy, ISc; good to choice, 16\i l 3l1%c;
common, 14@15c.
CHEESE— New. S@9c: Young America. 9®
S'/^c: Eastern, 16@17c; Western, 15@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at W3 15c for store and 16<glSc
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, H&lS'^c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
With the exception of Berries, the feeling is
rather firm than otherwise. Peaches and Apri
cots rule strong with a good demand, and
Prunes and Plums are also showing more tone.
In spite of the reported large crop this year,
the fruit does not seem to be- coming into this
market. Where it goes Is a mystery, unless
the crop is less than believed. There Is a
first-rate demand for the north, which uses
up a good deal, but the fact remains that the
receipts here are smaller than usual at this
time of the year.
More Bartlett Pears came la
Burbank Prunes sold at E5c per crate.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS — 25®63c per box and crate for
Royals; in baskets. 20JT35c: in bulk, $20@40 per
ton to the trade and $10^22 50 to the canners.
APPLES— 15©33c per basket and 33@75c for
Red Aftrachnnn, large boxes.
PEARS— 3r.@50c per box; Bartletts. from the
liver. *1 25.
PLUMS— 20@50c per box and crate and 2C'g30c
per basket; in bulk, $10@15 per ton: Cnerry
Plums. U@23c for drawers and ZjiftMc for
boxes: Prunes, E0(?J7Sc per crate and 40<365c per
basket.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 C-O^ per chest for
large and $3!S3 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES 3 — $2 75(fT5 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— J2K3 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— None coming in.
CURRANTS— $2<J?4 per ch«*st.
FIGS— Per box. 25@4Oc for single and 40<g73c
for double layrr*(
" PEACHES— 50S9OC per box and 55@73c per
basket.
- GRAPES — From Yuma. $1 GOi&l 75 per crate.
CHERRIES— 3."(?f6Cc per bo* for black; Royal
Anne, 40<i?63c. In bulk, 3H@>>i4c for black and
E@6c for Royal Anne.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings. 73c^$l 50: Med
iterranean Sweets. $1 25<f?2: Valencia s. $?@2 73:
Lemons, $1<2?1 50 for common and $2j?2 50 for
Kood to choice; Mexican Limes, $4@5: Bananas,
$1 5003 per bunch; Pineapples, $2 50®4 per
dozen. ; ¦
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUITS— Old Crop— Prunes, In sacks,
4@4V4c for 40-50' s, 3%'QZm.c for 50-60" s, 3!i@3\4c
for 60-70's. 3®3Uc for 70-SO's, 2%S3c for'SO-90's
and 2%@C%c for 0O-100's. j Peaches. 4V&@ ! 4»ic for
Standards, 5c for choice and 5>4<fi6c for fancy:
Peeled Peaches.. 10®12V4c;. Evaporated Apples:
5',<-®8c: sun-dried. 3©4c per lb: Pears. ZUifUVtC
for dark and "if 8c for bright halves; Black
Figs. l%@2c: White KIgs. 2*!J3c: Bleached
Plums. 7%c; Unbleached Plums, Cc for pitted i
and lHc for unDitted.
NEW CROP— Apricots, lV>c per lb here and
7c in the country.
RAISIN'S — Bleached Thompson's • fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; Ftandard, Sc; prime, 6c; un
hleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. S^c; choice, 7^c; standard, fi^ic;
prime. 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless.
EO-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. uVic;
3-crown, G'4c: 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown SI 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, ?2; Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
¦ NUTS- Walnuts. R<R9c for Standards and 9*S
10c for softshellsr Almonds, HH@12c for paper
shell. 9@10c for soft and 4*?5e for hardshell;
Peanuts, 5%®6%e for Eastern and 5c for Call-
Ibrnia: Brazil Nuts.' 7%©8c: Filberts.. 12@12He;
Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts, $4 50^g3.
. "HONEY— Comb. 12*4@13c for bright and 11®
12c fcr light amber;. water white extracted. 7'4
WiMz; light amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark, 6c
per lb. • > • ; • ;--"» '.'¦
BEESWAX— 24*?26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, IOSIO^c per lb for
heavy! ! 30%@10Hc for light medium. 11% c for
light. .12<4c, for extra light and 14H? for sutrar
cured. Eastern sucar-cured Hams,' 12®13c:
Mess Beef, |12 per bbl; extra Mess. J13; Fam
ily. $14: extra Prime Pork, $15; extra clear, $19;
Mess.' $16 50: Smoked ¦ Beef. 12V4® 13c per lb. ¦
¦LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 8%c for, pure; half- barrels, pure,
8%c: 10-lb tins. 9V«c; 5-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLENE-^-Tierees. S^ffS^c per lb: half
barrels, 8%®8%c; 10-lb tins. 9Vic
Hides; Tallow) Wool and Hops.
• The Weather Bureau , crop ; bulletin reports
damage ; to 1 the - Hop crop by; cut worm and a
lighter yield is expected! in consequence.'
HIDES AND SKiNS-CullB and brands sell
about 1c under quotations! Heavy Salted Steers,
9V4®10c: medium, 9c i light, 8&c! Cowhides, %Vt
•5 9c; Btags, 6c! Salted Kip. S^e: Calf. He;
Cry Hides, Bound. 17c; culls and brands, 14c;
Dry Kip, 15c" Dry Calf. 17c: Sheepskins.
Shearlings. 20@30c each! short Wool. 35®6Oc
each; medium, 7O'f9Oc; long Wool. $131 23 each:
Horse Hides, $1 755?2 for large and 73c© I 25 for
small ; Colts, 2oiQZ0c Deerskins — Summer or
red skin?, 37H@40c: fall or medium skins. ZZ l <i
@33c: winter or thin eklns, 20c. Goatskins—
Prime Angoras, 73c» large and smooth, 50c; me
(Hum Z'y.:.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4o per lb: No. 2.
2c; refined, 5%ci ereaie, 2Hc ¦
WOOL— Spring clip la quotable as follows:
Northern free, 13Sl4c; Northern defective, 13®
lie; Middle Coumty, free. i:^17c: Middle Coun
ty, defective. 13@15c; 8outh»rn Mountain. 12
months', 12721.1c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months', lltjfisc; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', 10®12c: Humboldt and Mendoclno,
17®19c: Nevada, 14£l"o per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at E@10o per lb; new. 9@10c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— E@6Uc per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 6<g>7Vjc; small. 8SDc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7&Q3c; ewes. 737^ic per
pound.
LAMB— Sprln*. 8^§0c per pound.
PORK— Live Hosts. 6c for small. 5 a if?o T ic for
medium and 5V4®S%c for large: stock Hogs and
feeders. 5%c; dressed Hogs. 7ijJ0c. v;;> ¦
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6%c; Wool Bags, 23^4332Vic;
Fleece Twine, 7^c; Fruit Bats, 6'4£6%c for
white and S%@8?ic for bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington. JS per ton; new Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington. $8; Seattle. $6;
Bryant, $6: Coos, Bay. $.*> SO: Wallsend. $3; Co
operative Wallsend, $S: Cumberland, $12 In bulk
and $13 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg, $14; Cannel, $11 per ten: Coke. $16 per
ton In bulk and 118 in sacks; Castle Gate and
Rock Springs. $S 43 per 2000 pounds.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.?0c; Powdered.
5.40c; Candy Granulated. 5.40c: Dry Granulated.
6.30c; Confectioners' A, 5.30; Magnolia A, 4.90c:
Extra C, 4S0e; Golden C. 4.T0c: barrels. 10c
more: half-barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more:
50-lb bags. 1.5c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, 6.03c; boxes, 6.30c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNKSDAT JUNE 20.
Flour, qr sks.... ?.~o: Sugar, bbls 150
"Wheat, ctls 4.21V) Quicksilver flaks 140
Barley, ctls 1.S25 (Leather, rolls ... "3
Oats, ctls ....:... 060'Wlne, pals 2S.S50
Corn. East. ctls.. 6r,0Ltmo, bbls 1S2
Corn, ctls 729; Hops, bales 8
Butter, ctls 400 Wool, bags 154
Cheese, ctls 3S):Shorts. sks 23
Epgs, doz 17.540 : Middlings, sk3 ... 2.0.-.0
Hay, tons 599'Bran. sks 922
Pelts, bndls 4,057 i Onions, sks S"3
Hides. No 600'Potatoes, sks' 2,843
Times and Heights of High and If*
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to feai
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and lew waters occur at
the city front (MUalon-atreet wharf) about
twenty-flye minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at beta places.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 21, 1900.
New York Grain and Produce.
Shipping Intelligence.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
United States Ccast and Ceodetle Survey—
:lex>.
SA
12
California Fruit Sales.
ff H TV L W H W L W
| . | I i !
r.w ;hw i. w uw
T 029 0 9 S:52 4.0 U:5o 2.1 6:J6 «.
4 "¦ 1-32 0.21 8:11 4.0 VtSO 2.5 7:24 I.
if "• 2-3i_O.3i 9:21 4.2 1:« 2.8 8:11 6-
•3 . 412! 1.01 11:18 4.5 3:221 3.1 9:49! 6.
!* ... 5:OO! l.ll 12:0." 4.T 4:2«| J.I 10:35! «.
1 ... 5:42! 1.0| 12:iO| 4.S| 5:1SI 3.2j 11:22| «.
Steamer. I From
| Due.
_
— i— —
Crescent City...lCrescent City.
T'matllla 'Virtorit & Pu
Del Norte [Portland
Hr.nita i New port
Point Arena.. ..'Mendaeino
North Fork (Kureka
Arcata ICooa Bay
Mntteawan Tnmm'
Universe |Oyster Har'ooi
ijjet Scui
<r
OM
..June :
:d!Jun« 5
..]June I
..lJuiie :
.Jjur.e!
..|jun« '.
. .I.Tune i
..I.Tun* '
..[June 1
2\
n
T2
Santa liosa :San Die«?u
Columbia IPortland
Tltanfa 'Xanatiri"
..:Jur.i» :
.. June:
..'June ':
ii
¦.->
?»
or
Orizaba jHumboldt
WartleM ]Oyst?r Harboi
Pogreso iTacoma
City of Puebla. I Victoria & Pu
Coos Bay jINcwrort
r
lget Soul
.. June '
.. June '.
.. June 2
id : June 3
..'Jun« 2
5;
n
¦Willamette . . . . i Seattle
<i,,».^ 1
Serapia IHamburg
Curacao I Mexico
t Tii^ ¦ 1
Corona I San Dleso
Steamer. | Destination. |
| Sails.
t. j Pier.
Coos Bay... i Newport !
Corona .San Uleso i
State of CallPortland I
China IChtna *• .Tapani
Orizaba ITTiimbnldt !
Del Norte...lCoo9 Bay I
JJune Z). !
i June EC 1
|.Tun<» 22. 1
'.Tune 22. .
! Jun» 22. :
I June 23, !
9 am|Pler 23
tl am 1 Pier 11
11 imPlw 21
I PUSS
2prr.[Pler
8 asTilPler 2D
Arrata Coca Day
Bortta {Newport
Vmatllla ..IVIr & Ppt Sd.
North ForklHumboldt.....!
Pt. Arena.. [Point Arena.. I
Santa Roca^an D!pro '
June 24. 1(
June 24. !
June ?j. V
tjune 2". !
I June 25. :
I June 2«. T
10 am Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
tl am 1 Pier 9
9amjP!er 2
•rmlPier 2
It arniPlerll
Columbia .. I Portland !
Australia ..[Honolulu...:..!
Orizaba iHumholdt I
! June 27. 1
IJune 27. 1
I June 27. !
tl am|Pler2J
2 pm Pier 7
2 pmlPler 9
Steamer. | Destination. |
| Sails.
t. j Pier.
Coos Bay... i Newport !
Corona .San Uleso i
State of CallPortland I
China IChtna *• .Tapani
Orizaba ITTiimbnldt !
Del Norte...lCoo9 Bay I
JJune Z). !
i June EC 1
|.Tun<» 22. 1
'.Tune 22. .
! Jun» 22. :
I June 23, !
9 am|Pler 23
tl am 1 Pier 11
11 imPlw 21
I PUSS
2prr.[Pler
8 asTilPler 2D
Arrata Coca Day
Bortta {Newport
Vmatllla ..IVIr & Ppt Sd.
North ForklHumboldt.....!
Pt. Arena.. [Point Arena.. I
Santa Roca^an D!pro '
June 24. 1(
June 24. !
June ?j. V
tjune 2". !
I June 25. :
I June 2«. T
10 am Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
tl am 1 Pier 9
9amjP!er 2
•rmlPier 2
It arniPlerll
Columbia .. I Portland !
Australia ..[Honolulu...:..!
Orizaba iHumholdt I
! June 27. 1
IJune 27. 1
I June 27. !
tl am|Pler2J
2 pm Pier 7
2 pmlPler 9
ff H TV L W H W L W
| . | I i !
r.w ;hw i. w uw
T 029 0 9 S:52 4.0 U:5o 2.1 6:J6 «.
4 "¦ 1-32 0.21 8:11 4.0 VtSO 2.5 7:24 I.
if "• 2-3i_O.3i 9:21 4.2 1:« 2.8 8:11 6-
•3 . 412! 1.01 11:18 4.5 3:221 3.1 9:49! 6.
!* ... 5:OO! l.ll 12:0." 4.T 4:2«| J.I 10:35! «.
1 ... 5:42! 1.0| 12:iO| 4.S| 5:1SI 3.2j 11:22| «.
Steamer. I From
| Due.
_
— i— —
Crescent City...lCrescent City.
T'matllla 'Virtorit & Pu
Del Norte [Portland
Hr.nita i New port
Point Arena.. ..'Mendaeino
North Fork (Kureka
Arcata ICooa Bay
Mntteawan Tnmm'
Universe |Oyster Har'ooi
ijjet Scui
<r
OM
..June :
:d!Jun« 5
..]June I
..lJuiie :
.Jjur.e!
..|jun« '.
. .I.Tune i
..I.Tun* '
..[June 1
2\
n
T2
Santa liosa :San Die«?u
Columbia IPortland
Tltanfa 'Xanatiri"
..:Jur.i» :
.. June:
..'June ':
ii
¦.->
?»
or
Orizaba jHumboldt
WartleM ]Oyst?r Harboi
Pogreso iTacoma
City of Puebla. I Victoria & Pu
Coos Bay jINcwrort
r
lget Soul
.. June '
.. June '.
.. June 2
id : June 3
..'Jun« 2
5;
n
¦Willamette . . . . i Seattle
<i,,».^ 1
Serapia IHamburg
Curacao I Mexico
t Tii^ ¦ 1
Corona I San DlesoCaptures the Midweek Stake at Union
Park in Hollow Style — Cours
ing To-I>ay at Ingle
side.
Rude Awakening, a promising young
proyhound from the Pasha Kennels, went
through" the midweek stake at 'Union
Coursing Park yesterday in clever fash
ion. He met Hot Foot, an Kastern bred
dog. in the deciding course and allowc-d
him to score but one point while he was
Pasha Kennels Sends a
Clever Greyhound to
the Slips.
RUDE AWAKENING
IS RETURNED A
STAKE WINNER
Ings and Loan Society naa been given
judgment of foreclosure agiinst James A.
Waymlre of Alameda for £5.000. The or
iginal mortgage was for $15,900. but inter
est and costs brought It to the sum for
•which Judgment -was given.
if the wholesale stores put up the shut
ters at 1 or 2 o'clock on that day. The
employes would certainly appreciate an
opportunity to clean up and get ready for
Sunday and better service by them was
a certainty. On Saturday, June 2. at 2
o'clock, Wellman. Peck & Co. set the ex
ample by "closing t>hop." On the follow
ing Saturday Sussman, Wormser & Co.,
c% the opposite side of the street, fol
lowed suit, and since then Kolger & Co..
Hooper & Jennings, Mau, Sadler & Co.
and a number of others have fallen Into
line.
So far no special hour has been set for
quitting; work, but from a statement by
one of the Interested parties it Is likely
that very soon the wholesale grocers will
call a meeting and come to a decision as
to an hour at which ail will close. At
present only the wholesale grocers are in
the movement, -which is believed -will be
fore Ions extend to other wholesale
houses.
WHOLESALE GROCERS
ARE CLOSING EARLY
THE movement to close the store.*
early on Saturdays has spread Into
the wholesale district and there is
every reason to believe that In the
near future nearly every clerk, account
ant and porter in the large stores of the
city will be given a half-holiday each
week. About two months ago an effort
was made to close the retail stores early
Saturday evenings, and a number of es
tablishments have since been observing
such an "agreement. Where formerly
clerks were kept employed until late at
night they now nave an opportunity to get
out and move around among people.
The first to start the early closing move
ment among wholesale grocers was Well
man. Peck & Co. One of the proprietors
called upon several wholesalers and rep
resented to them that Saturday was an
"off day" in a business sense and that no
great amount of trade if any would be lost
<==jf=;HE report that will" be presented to
morrow night to the general com
.11 mittee of the Native Sons of- the
Golden West who have charge of the
semi-centennial celebration of Admission
day by the committee on naval parade, of
which C. II. Turner of Alcatraz Tarlor is
chairman,' will give in almost complete
detail the plan of that part of the fes
tival, which, together with the sham
naval battle, will probably be the most
novel and attractive feature of the several
days' entertainment.
The committee at its last meeting de
cided to await the return of John D.
Spreckels, who has accepted the position
of commodore of the naval parade, In
order to consult him in regard to certain
details before presenting Its final report.
The scope of the celebration committee,
of which E. Myron Wolf is chairman, will
also have a report to . present. This will
include additional suggestions as to what
there should be In the way of entertain
ment during the four days of festivities.
It has been suggested that as the cele
bration Is to be in remembrance of the
admission of California Into the Lnion
there should be a historic float, among
them on* representing, the passing
through the Golden Gate of the old-tim6
steamship Panama,' which Drought the
news to this city that California had been
admitted into the Union. Whenthat ves
sel entered the harbor she was decked
from stem to stern with fla«s and signals
in honor of the important event., for in
those days news came by the isthmus or
Darien and it took thirty days to obtain
tidings from New -York. A float repre
senting the old Sweeney & Baush tele
graph Station, which stood on Telegraph
Hill, and from which was displayed, by
means of wooden arms from a tuisstafr,
the signal that the Oregon had been
sighted by the station man at Point I,obos
is also proposed. That was the system of
signaling the approach of vessels prior to
1854, when the Iirm named opened Us mag
netic telegraph between Point Lobos and
Telegraph Hill, the first telegraph system
Introduced in the Golden State.
• Yesterday afternoon there was a meet
ing of the conference committee of the
finance committee, at which Police Com
missioner "Newhall presided. ¦ There were
added to this conference committee, which
subsequently changed its name to the ex
ecutive council of the finance commit
tee, Colonel J. R. Howell as treasurer and
Henry S. Martin as vice chairman. A
number of plans for the collection of
funds, and a number of names suggested
for the finance committee which is to so
licit donations were discussed, but no ac
tion was taken and none will be until the
executive council meets this afternoon at
5 o'clock with the presidents of the local
parlors In order to receive the names of
those who would make pood collectors.
James D. Phelan. chairman of the gen
eral committee, contributed the nrst
amount, $1000. "just to start the thing 1
along." He expressed the hope that many
more who can afford to will equal his do
nation, as it Is the desire of the general
committee to secure at least $50,000 to
carry on the celebration. It was sug
gested that as the citizens will not be
called upon this year to contribute to the
Fourth of July fund, that they give what
they would have given to that fund to the
Admission day celebration.
Milton Besse of Santa Cruz has been se
lected to visit this city to ropresent Santa
Cruz and WatsonvlHe parlors In the mat
ter of fecuring headquarters where they
can hold receptions. These parlors are
arranging for an excursion, to open on
the Sth of September and close on the 12th.
Their members will come to this city to
take part in the festival. Thry intend to
be in it at the beginning and stay with it
until the finish. The members of these
parlors, who will appear In the parade,
will be headed by a ban<l of sixteen
pieces and will be attired in white duck
pantaloons, light negligee shirts, neat tlea,
sashes and soft hata.
The street parade committee at Its
meeting last night decided to send cut
Invitations to the Supervisors of each
county to co-operate with the celebration
committee, calling attention to the faut
that as each county devotea a stated sum
to advertising purposes a portion of that
money be used to" supply a Coat emble
matic of the Industries of the county.
Colonel Boxton, W. C. Wilier and C. H.
Stanyan were appointed a committee to
Invite the foreign Consuls and ascertain
if each will not have arranged a floai to
represent the nation he is Consul for.
The resratta committee will In a few
days confer with those who have sailing
vessels to enter In the races.
The School Board and school children
of the public and the private schools will
b« invited.
The regatta committee met last night
and received representations from tho
Pacific Coast Amateur Athletic Union.
The latter proposed a rowing regatta to
be carried out under the auspices of tha
regatta committee of tho Native Sons
and a committee of the- union. They pro
pose a race over a new course In South
Bay. starting from Channel street, three
quarters ot a mile and return. They will
row senior and Junior single shell, senior
and Junior outrigger shells, senior, inter
mediate and junior barge races; also a
fourteen-oar race by the Naval Militia.
The members of- the reserve at Eureka,
Santa Cruz and San Diego will be lnvitea
to take part In thft latter race. These
races will bo for records.
SOME OF THE OFFICIALS OF THE NAVAL PARADE.
IDEAS NAVAL PARADE
AND GATTA COMMITTEES
Heavy Mortgage Foreclosed.
OAKLAND. June 20.— The Hlbernla Sav-
Social Democratic party of America and
was well attended.
Builders' Contracts.
Bartolomeo Cuneo and Domenlco Vatuone
(owners)' with G.'MassoIettl (contractor), archi
tect ¦ Norlo CavaeUa- All .work - for. a three
story and basement frame building on lot on
iW line of Powell street, 112:$ 8 of Cheatnut/B
25 by W- 100: $4400. - ¦ ..:
Eliza - T. .. fawner) with William" W.
Rednall (contractor . and . architect)— All . work
• for a three-story flat frame building with base
ment on lot on NW S corner of Frederick -street
and Masonic avenue, N. 118 by. \V : 36: $7000. ,
Mrs. Julia :Herzo (owner).- with -M.- J.- Scott
(contractor). ¦ architect Harotd D. Mitchell— All
work except mantels, shades, gas nxtures'and
bay -fittings forj altering a? one-story, frame'
building into two stories . with • brick founda
tion on lot commencing at a ix>lnt 32. feet' from
KW\rorn«r of 1 Ninth avenue and II street, W
on S line of H street, 25 by.S 100; $1310.
OAKLAND,^ June .20.— Harry Davis,' a
schoolboy, ; 14 ; years old, • residing^, at 1121
East Twenty-second street,rnarrowly'es
caped death • while , hunting in . tho ; Frult
vale hills this ; morningr. Davis, in com
pany * with^another boy, , left ¦ home early
this , morning for a .trip to Moraga , Valley;
He • carried a double-barreled shotgun. . '
-* While - attempting »to crawl through
some underbrush; . dragging the 'gun * be
ihind ihim, 1 ,the - weapon? was ..discharged.
, The I heavy.r,charge - of < shot > tore v off f. two
fingers' of the- boy's.left : hand and" nar
rowly; missed 'his .head.':- 'As-': soon: as ' he
recovered from ,h!s. fright; the Injured' lad
called ,to, his* companion,, and after- hur
medly , bandadging : the •» mangled flnffer*
they hastened to : the Receiving- Hospital.
'At .that' institution ' Dr.' Ewer t amputated
the fingers. ¦* . .-¦-'; • v- -
YOUNG HUNTER LOSES :
TWO OF HIS FINGERS
OAKLAND, June 20.— After living apart
for two years. In accordance with a decree
of divorce handed down by Judge Hall,"
"William F. Raffetto, a. liquor dealer at
Fifth and Myrtle streets, and Ronnie May
Campbell have adjusted their differences
and concluded to once more live on mari
tal lines. A marriage license has been is
sued to Raffetto to remarry the woman of
ins choice. [T TlHflTBjrJlflffiTCIFWTF TjXT'fl 1 *' i
When the couple were married In 1894
each wns nineteen years old. They lived
together until February, ' 1SU8» whenAlrs.
Raffetto filed a suit for a divorce, jalleging
that her husband treated- her In a cruel
manner. After, a short .trial, the young
wife was granted a separation, besides
$1000 in lieu ot alimony and $150 for counsel
From the story told by, Raffetto at the
County Clerk's office he and, his former
wife had concluded that they could live
together in peace and happiness and made
up their minds to; make another try. ; .
WILL REMARRY AFTER
TWO YEARS 5 SEPARATION
CHAMPIONS BEATEN.
Quakers Defeat Brooklyn and Regain
First Place.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L^ Pet.
Philadelphia 31 17 .646 Chicago 23 26 .469
Brooklyn 30 17 .638 Cincinnati ..20 '26 .•?Sa
Plttsburg ...25 27 .45<1 St. Louis. ...20 27 .426
Doston .....:. 2Z 24 .47S New York. ..ID 26 . .422
PHILADELPHIA, June 20.— With 'two on
bases Flick rapped cut a home run, giving: the
Phillies a lead-whlch the Brooklyns could not
overcome. Attendance 7100. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn '. 4 13 1
Pnlladelphla.... 5 8 1
Batteries— Kennedy and Farrell ; Fraser and
Douglas.
CHICAGO. - June 20.— Plttsburgr Jumped on
Klllen In the first, hit him hard In three other
innings- and helped by very ragged fielding was
an easy game. TannehlH allowed but four
scattered single's until the ninth, when two
consecutive doubles gave . the . locals ¦ their only
run. Attendance 1100. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Chicago.. 1 6 7
Pituburg .......:... 8 n 2
- Batteries— Klllen and Chance; TannehUI and
Zlmmer.
NEW YORK, June' 20. —The New Torks had
an oft day to-day and , the. Bostons were able
to break'thelr lostnsr streak. Carrick pitched
for. three Innings. .-. He was hit safely twelve
times. Then.Cogan came In and, all things
considered. , made. a. good showing for his first
appearance. Attendance 3800. Score:
'Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 12 17 3
New York .........'.... 2 • 7 7
• Batteries— Cuppy and Sullivan; Carrick,
Cogan and BoWerman.
American League Games.
MINNEAPOLIS, June 20.— Score: Minneapo
lis, 4; Kansas City.' I.
CHICAGO, June 20.— Score: Chicago,' 7; . 1111-
• DETROIT, June 20.— Score: Detroit. 14; Cleve
land, 0. . , ' - r \
1 1NOIANAPOLIS; June ?0.— Score: Indianapo
lis, 9; Buffalo, 3. .
Boxer Moffatt to Be Matched.
The "officials of the National , Athletic
Club, - having extricated themselves from
the: legal maze- in which they have "been
entangled,; are >. preparing to .again' pro
mote jboxing" contests. 'Jack Moffatt will
be the central ¦ figure - about whom h diplo
matic negotiations will .center.. Either Al
Nelll ¦ or Australian Tim * Murphy, will '¦-, be
selected. as his opponent • at a conference
to-night;--- v- ' ' ; ', ¦ s ,:<-.
Those Figures Show That Oakland
Will Have a Population of
About Seventy Thou
sand People.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 20. .
The population of. Oakland will be 70,000
or a little more. S
The census enumerators who have been
working In this city closed their labors
to-day, and while their footings have not
been made, and could not be given out If
they were, it Is estimated that.the:popu
lation will at least reach the figure given,
if not go higher.
Assistant Supervisor, of the Census
Whitney gave that llgure as the result of
a system of rough computation that has
been kept by the letter-carriers of Oakr
land. As assistant supervisor Mr. Whit
ney U prevented from giving- out any
figures upon the census, and a violation
of this would mean a tine of $500; but he
says that the letter-carriers of Oakland
have been watching the daily reports of
the enumerators as they went through
the mails and that they have secured
these figures as a rough result. The car
riers are much interested in the result of
this census, for If the. population of Oak
land goes sufficiently high its rating in
the postal world will be increased and
there will be additional carriers' and ad
ditional pay allowed.
"The carriers," said Mr. Whitney, "have
been watching the daily "reports . that go
through the mails from the enumerators,
and they say that, estimating from what
they have thus seen, the population will
reach 70,000. Of course, they • have no
right. to do this, but "they have done It.
These figures are not the result of any In
formation that I have In my hands.
The last census gave Oakland less than
50,000 population. The city has always
claimed that this census was defective,
and with the annexed district it is claimed
that the population is between 75,000 and
80,000.
Letter-Carriers Kept Tab on
Census Enumerators'
Daily Reports.
MADE ESTIMATE
OF POPULATION
OF THEIR CITY
running up fourteen. Before getting Into
the all-important deciding course Rude
Avrakening met and defeated in turn Glen
Chloe. Best Brand. Old Glory. .Thornhill
and Ben's Babe. Old Glory was a 4 to 1
favorite in the betting, but was defeated
pointless.
The favorites held their own until the
last four courses of the first run down.
In succession Scotch Reel beat Betsy
Barrow at 5 to 1; Lady Marlon boat Cora
Pearl at 5 to 1, while 'Magneto beat Hur
ricane, and Ben's Babe beat Minnie Wa
Wa at 2 to L The hares were not such
a lot of flyers as were released on Sun
day before" the champion greyhounds, but
tbey afforded pood trials throughout tho
day. The regular followers of the game
looked upon O. K. Capitol. Thornhill. Tea
Rose and Old Glory as having the best
chances for the stake. O. K. Capitol was
the last to retire, working his way into
the seml-finnl round. Ho did not try any
more and retired with third money, ..
The detailt-d results of the running with
Judge John Grace's official scores fol
low: .
P. Cmnin's Lear Kins beat J. J. Edmonds"
WhlFkey Hill. S-0: Al Austin's Firm Foe beat
Aeneid Kennels' Maid of Krln, 3-1; Chiarlnl
Bros.' Maharajah b?at J. Gibbon's Lndy Byron,
i-7; W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells beat I'asl-.a
Kennels' Rose Atwood. S-0; J. O'Dowd's Shoot
over beat J. J. Ki3monds' Morninft Glory, 5-1;
K. 51. Kellorc's Lady Gllmore beat \V. H.
Jones" St. Ive¥, 3-0; W. C. Glasson's Santonin
b«\it Nethercott Bros.' Tlllie S, 14-2; J. E.
Chamtllles Hut Foot beat - Pasha Kennels'
May Hempstead. J-2; T. J. Cronin's WUd Tra
!*e t<eat H. E. <3e B. Lopez's Wanda. 7-0: T.
Tiern«»y's Tea Rose beat Bart els Bros.' Best
Bargain. 7-1: J. Hurley's Shylock Boy beat
Maher & Reid's Nellie Bawn, 3-2; Bartpls
Bros.' Beer Brewer beat Lowe & Thompson's
Over the Border. 6-1; Ft. - E. d« B. Lopez's
S»wtnef» beat W. H. Jones' Annie Lawrence,
4-2; J. Hurley's O. K. Capitol beat P. CDowd's
Cascade, 5-0; P. Cronln's Master Gordon beat
J. L Hofs' Jast TirpM, T-ftJ J. J. Edmonds'
O/Oa beat Al Auftin"e Nora Lawrence. 5-4;
Ourtis &. Son's Old Glory beat Chlarini Bros."
Palmyra. 8-4; J. Pean's Grenada beat T. J.
Cronin's Daisy Dale, 3-2; Bartels Bros." Best
Brand beat K. L. Taylor's Bald Head. 6-5;
Pasha Kennels' Rude Awakening beat H. A.
rv-ck«>lman> Glen Ohio*. 6-0; T. J. Cronln's
Thornhill beat Nethercott -Bros.' No Wonder.
2-0; Maher & Keld's Singleton beat D. Winder's
Nancy R, S-3; D. Cronin's SwJnnerton beat J.
P Thrift's Treasure. 5-0: Lowe & Thompson's
Scotch Reel beat Bartels Bros.' Betsy Barrow.
4-3; W. H. Jones' Lady Marlon beat Lowe &
Thompson's Cora Pearl, 6-3; M. London's Mag
neto beat J. Hurley's Hurricane, 6-0; E. M.
Kellogg's Ben's Babe beat K. E. de B. Lopez's
Minnie Wa Wo, 3-2; J. L. Ross' Wlldwave beat
W. H. Hobs'' Lady Norborne. 5-2.
Second round— Lear Kins beat firm Foe, 3-2;
Pleigh B»Ms beat Maharajah. ! fc-0; Shootover
beat Lady Gilmore, 8-0; Hot Foot beat Santo
nin, 9-8; Tea Row beat Wild Tratee. 2-0; Heer
Brewer beat Shylock Boy. 6-2: O. K. Capitol
beat Sweetness, 5-0; Master Gordon beat Go On.
4-1; Old Glory beat Grenada. 3-2: Rude Awak
ening beat Best Brand. 14-5: Thornhill beat
Sineleton. 5-0; Scotch Reel beat gwlnnerton.
6-3: Mapneto beat Lady Marion, 4-0; Ben's Babe
Third round— Sleigh Bells beat Lear Klnp, 7-0;
Hot Foot beat Fhootover, 5-1; Beer Brewer beat
Tea Ro»e. 2-1; O. K. Capitol beat Master Gor
don 6-0: Rude Awakening beat Old Glory. 4-0:
Thornhill beat Scotch Reel, 5-0; Ben's Babe
beat Mauneto, 5-1.
Fourth round— Hot Foot beat Sleieh Bells,
€-2; O. K. Capitol beat Bf-er Brewer. 5.4; Rude
Awakening beat Thornhill, 5-3; Ben's Babe, a
b>f.
Fifth round— Hot Foot beat O. K. Capitol. 5-0;
Rude Awakening beat Ben's Babe, 4-2.
Deciding course— Pasha. Kennel's Rude Awak
ening (Emln Pasha-Wave) beat J. E. Cham
bUle's Hot Foot (Hot Stuff-Lucille). 14-1.
Crack Greyhounds to Course.
Royal Flush, Whltehead. Fine Fire, For
Glory, Narcissus and other greyhounds
which started in the Ladies' Day cham
pion stake last Sunday will again try con
clusions this week at Union Coursing
Park. The card is an open stake and it
attracted an entry of 128 greyhounds. The
complete list, with the placing of the dogs
In tha draw, follows:
C. W. nonner's Wild Norah vs. Erwin. &
Lyon'e Silver L.yon: C. B. Charlesworth's
Crawford Brace vs. J. F. Cole's Mlrabllla; J.
Dean's Sisquoc vs. J. Carroll's Erin's Hope; H.
Lynch's Lexington vs. J. R. Smith's Petronlus;
R. E. de B. Lopez's Crawford Priory vs. Pasha
Kennels' Kound About: F. A. McComb'i Pa
triot vs. J. Dean's Grenada: Connell ;Bros.'
Dunmore vs. H. A.rfVckelman's Ijawrence ; ¦ T t
J. Cronln's Thornhil! vs. II. Synch's Emm«i M;
AenHd Kennels' Maid of Erin vs. F. <A. Cc-
Comb's Sir Pasha; W. C. Glanson's Sleighbells
vs D. Winder's Lundln Links; R. E. de B Lo
pez's Wanda vs. J. Hurley's Shylock Boy; P.
J. Reilly's Ploughboy vs. J. J. Kenney's Win
ning Lassie; D. Winder's Random Aim vs. J.
Byrne's Eleven Spot: J. Smith's Master Work
man vs. G. AtxTcromble's Rock Island' Bey*;
Curtis & Son's Narcissus vs. R. K. de B. Lo
pez's Minnie Wa-Wa; • T.- A. Gaffney's False
Flatterer vs. Bterl & Knowlen' For Glory; J.
Maher's Rwedlsh vb. E. M. Kcllog^'s Kid Mc-
Coy; J. L. Ross' Wild Wave \-s. P. Cronin's
Master Gordon: H. .Lynch's Lyddite vs. O. W.
Helntr's 'HerscherB Pride; C. Gran's Martha
Washington vs. F. Schou's Smuggler; Connell
Bros.' St. Helena vs. Curtis & Son's Candelaria;
D. Winder's Risky Attempt vs. R. P. Julian's
fweet Music; Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead
ve. T. 3- Cronln's Daisy Dale; Captain Clark-
Bon'e Golden Garter" vs. J. Dean's Gallant; J.
Byrne'f Olympus vs. Curtis & Son's Cavalier;
I^ande & Gerber*8 Rlenzl vs. J. Dean's Lady
Clare- Kussell. Allen & Wilson's Lady > Emma
vs J. Marteret's Bernal Boy; Connell Bros.'
Good-by vs. T. J. Cronin's Wild JTalee;- -W.-
Calrn'i Imperial vs. Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Master Clalr; Connell Bros.' Cover vs. Con
nell Brosi.' Log Boy; Aeneld Kennels' Fine Fire
vs. E. M. Kellogis's Ben's Babe; J. Byrne's
Battleship v». Kay Bros.' Hawker; J. Henley's
O K Capitol vs. Kay Bros.' Dudley Diamond;
T. Logan's Mies Grizzle vs. E. M. . Kellogg's,
Sweet Emma: Curtis & Son's Shadow vs. II. A.
Deckelman's Snapshot; Russoll. Allen & WII-
Fon's RosI* Clalr vs. Aeneld Kennels' Agamem
non- Kurteli. Allen & Wilson's Magic vs. J.
Ma -tenet' ¦ Bill Poster; N. P. Whiting'* St. An
thony vs. G. Sharman's Bowery Boy; J. R.
Smith's Kyivanus vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's Kara:
Uartels Bros.' Best Bargain vs. H. Lynch'B
Ixjttle M; J. Martenet'B Rally Brasn vs. ;Sterl
& Knowles' O'Hara;E. M. Kellogg"s Hummer'
vs Aeneld Kennels' Athena ;.R. L. Taylor's
Beautv Spotv«r G. Whitney's Run Amuck: R.
V de B Lopez's Wnltehead vs. Bartels Bros.
Betsy Barrow ; R. L. Taylor' s Mose vb. Erwin
& 'Lyon's Silver Wings; H. A. Deckelman's
Clen Chloe vs. F.Kchou's King's Borderer; T.
T '„_„•, i>ah vs. Ruspell, -Allen A Wilson's
«-ilteful- Pa«ha Kernels' Real Lassie- vs. G.
Abereromble's Victor King; Btern & Knowles'
Rudy Gold vs. G. Whitney's Theron: W. C.
Olassnn's Santonin vs. J. P. Thrift's St.
Michael; Maher & Reid's Had Boy vs. W. A.
P.remer'g Saturn; Al Austin's Thorndale vs.
Ourtla & Son's Old Glory: Captain Clarkson's
Head Water vs. F. A. McOomb's Royal Flush:
Curtis & Son's JIcKlnley va, J. •• Martenet'a
Slim; R. E. de B. Lopez's Carmenclta vs. M.
I^ondon'a Magneto; O. Abereromble's Rock Isl
and King vs. J. P. Thrifts Forget; J. K.
Pmlth'n Jennie Wilson vs. P. J. Reilly's War-
Bhlp: Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist vs. IX
Winder's Nancy R; J. Hurley's Hurrtcane vs.
Bartels Bros.' Beer Brewer; Curtis & Bon's An
chor vs. Curtis & Son's King Cotton;- Pasha
Kennels' Royal Anne vs. Pasha Kennels' . Rest
Assure^; J. O'Powd's Shootover vs. Curtis &
Son's Maud S; Murphy & Parkinson's Bert Lo
mond vs. J. Chambrille's Hot Foot; J. J. Ert
mond's Morning Glory vs. J. J. Edmcnd's do
On.
ThR usual midweek stake will be run
off to-day at Ingleside Coursing Park.
The first brace »f dogs will go to tho
sllp3 at 12 m. and the stake will then be
run through without intermission. '-
DELEGATES to the Democratic Na
tional Convention from Ha wall ar
rived yesterday on the Australia.
There are five delegates in the par
ty. Charles T. Wilder, formerly Consul
of the Hawaiian Islar.ds in Sah Francisco,
accompanies them. The
who are delegated to take" J'&rt In the de
liberations of the Derooa-atfci^onvention
at Kansas City next month, at
the Palace Hotel, are: 'Prince David Ka
wananakoa, William H. Cornwell; John
D. Holt, John H. Wise, In the place of
Delegate Withers, who did not arrive and
Mill not be able to Join his frtends, E. B.
AlcClanahan has been sel***ed7
As In the Republican National Conven
tion the call for delegates from Hawaii
was omitted by the Democrats. This was
due to the unprecedented condition of
things and the oversight was accidental.
Realizing this the party leaders In Hono-
lulu organized and In general convention
decided to elect representatives at the
great party nominating conventions.
The Hawaiian Democratic Convention
met on the 9th of this month and elected
the above named delegates. They will re
main in this city for a week and then
proceed to Kansas City. Just what posi
tion the delegates occupy with reference
to the other delegates chosen by the vari
ous States is not as yet known. A meet
ing tvIII be called this morning at the
Palace Hotel, at which all the Hawaiian
delegates will be present to discuss the
situation and prepare plans for future
action.
The prrsonn-el of the delegation Is repre
sentative of the political and business
world of Honolulu. Prince David is .dis
tantly connected with ex-Queen Ulluo
kalani and was a nephew of King Kala
kaua. He has been free from any political
entanglements, but has now allied him
self with the Democratic party, lately
born in the islands. William H. Cornwell
is a prominent business man and;was once
a member of the Legislature durltig the
regency. John D. Holt is the head of a
large liquor business in Honolulu. John
H. Wise studied for the ministry at Ober
lin College, Ohio, and is now attached to
an iron manufacturing corporation in
Honolulu. B. 13. McClanahan will go as
alternate.
Beady for Kansas City.
The California delegates to the Demo
cratic National Convention have decided
that they will leave this city for Kansas
City on June 29 at 10 o'clock in the morn-
Ing. The executive committee of the del
egation met yesterday afternoon In con
ference with railroad representatives and
the time of departure was fixed. The
route will be on the Central Pacific to
Opden, on the Rio Grande and Western
and I>enver and Rio Grande to Denver and
on the Santa Fe to Kansas City.
TWO OP HAWAITS DELEGATES TO THE NATIONAL DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION.
Exciting ?Finish in Which
Mizzoura Gains the ;
Victory. :
Consistent Sly Again Earns Winning
Brackets at Chicago, Outfooting
Princess Thyra and Al
'¦' . garetta.
CINCINNATI. June 20.— Seven horses
finished noses apart in the second race,
with Mizzoura in first place. The handi
cap went to Winter, the favorite, which
galloped all the way. Latonia opens to
morrow. Weather tine; track fast. Re
sults:
Six furlongs— Castle won. Lady Kent second,
Sarllla third. Time, 1:15. '
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Mizzoura
won Gooseliver second,. Polly Blxb;- ¦'-third.
Time. I:i3. '
Six furlongs— Menace won. Nitrate second,
Kegina Lee third. Timo. 1:13&.
One mile, hand lea p—AVJnter won. Tragedy
second, Charlie O'Brien third. Time, 1:W.
Seven furlongs, selling— Blenheim won. Head
ley second. Tim Gainey third. Time. 1:294-
Seven -furlong*— Juneatta won, Marguerite
second, Eitholin third. Time, .l:2S!i. ,
NEW YORK, Juno 20.— Results at Sheeps
pnrt P.nvr l
Six furlongs— Sanders won. Mayor Gllroy sec
ond. McMeekln third. Time. \:U*&;'.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Scurry. won.
Sentry second, Delmarch third. Time. 1:07 3-3.
.One mile and three-sixteenths— Imi> .won,
Colonel Roosevelt second, David Gamete third.
Time, 2:00 3-5. * •
The Rosebud, five furlonga— Glenellle . won,
Afhes second. Hollowwood third. Time/ 1:03.
Bay hurdle, two miles — Dr. Elchberg won.
Governor Grlggs second, Ronkonkoma third.
Time. 3:50 2-5. ¦
One mile, selling— Her Ladyship won,. Pre
cursor second. Ed Tlpton third. Time, 1:41 4-5.
ST. LOUIS, June , 20.— Weather clear and
warm; track fast.
Six furlones — Lena Williams won. Miss Lor
etta «econd, Maacagni third. Time. 1:15%.
Five furlongs— South Breeze won, Wild Pirate
second, Amorosa third. Time, 1:024. : v •
¦ One mile and three-sixteenths selling— Fox
Bard won. Bright Night second. Parole cTOr
third. Time, 2:03.
• Seven furlongs— Belle of Memphis won, Mil
waukee second. Lord Neville third. Time,
1:27%..
Six furlonss — Gibraltar won. Bertha Nell
second, Dave Waldo third. Time, 1:14^.
Selling, one mile and seventy yards — Myth
won. Van Hoorebeck second, Lee King third.
Tlme,.l:47V4.
BUFFALO, N. T., June 20.— Results at Fort
Erie:
". Seven furlongs, Belling— Alex won, Icedrop
second, A Winner third. Time, l:2SVi.
Four furlonga, selling— Relucent won. Bill
Massle second. Rablmta third. Time. :49V4.
Handicap, mile — John Halsey won. Lady of
the West' second. Royal Sterling third. Time,
1:414.
Five furlongs— Gray Dally won, Egyptian
Prince second. The Copper third. Time. 1:O2VS-
Seven and a half furlonga. seUinir— Windward
¦won. Prince of India second,' Kitty Kejtent
third. Time. 1:35V*.
f\x furlongs, selling— Nancy Till won, Dan
gerous Maid second, Ocie Brooks third. Time,
1:15%.
CHICAGO, June 20.— The judges at Har
lem to-day hal go6d ground for action
In the steeplechase. Lord' Chesterfield."
the California hurdler. heavily backed at
7 to 2 and ridden by Flynn, had the race
all to himself after the last jump, but his
rider In some way mistook the course and
finished in the jnfleld. while an outsider at
20 to 1. the California horse, -Viking, gal
loped, home. Flynn was ruled oft the
course and all bets declared off. Results:
Four and a half furloncs — Lady Idrls won.
, Kdlth -Q ¦ second, Anna Chamberlain third.
Time, :55%.
Six and a half furlonps— Sly won, Princess
Thyra second. Alsaretta. third. Time, 1:13. ¦:
' Short course steeplechase — VlkinK • won. Van
Brunt second. "• Globe .II third. Time. 3M3V4-
All b»ts? ofr. Jockey took Lord Chesterfield out
of the course. ¦ • ,'
Five furlongs— Cora ' Goetz won, I-iikeness
second," Kohn Wreath third. -Time, 1:01%. ¦
One and an eighth miles — Donation won. Den
Chance second, Julius Caesar third. Time,
l:6r»V4.
f One and an eighth milea— Admetus won. Red
Pirate second, Tlie Bobby third. Time, l:53',i.
'DENVER. June 20. — Results at Overland:
Free-for-all roadsters— Russey Clay won In
two, straight heats. Time, 2:15, 2;13%. Trilby
P wns the only other starter.
Seven furlones«— R. Q. Ban won, Alaria sec
ond. Corolla third. Time, -1:28>,4-
Five furlonRs— Klylotta won, aiorven second,
Joe Foster third. Time, l:02H.
Four and a half furlongs— False won, Nicola
Tesla second, Taurus third! Time. 1:57.
Four furloncs — Tapestry wnn. Stania second.
Miss Nettle third. Time, MS 1 ,*.
SEVEN HORSES
HOSES APART
AT NEWPORT
Woman's Place .in the State.
; Clara de : Force. Gordon* /. lectured ¦¦ last
night" at the ..Turk-street"' Temple on
"Woman's Place in. the State.'.'- , The lec
ture was given ;under the auspices of -. the
Died of Starvation.
Joseph Lercari of 2440 San Bruno avenu<
was arrested .yesterday by Officer fHoopei
of the Society for the Prevention :o:
Cruelty to Animals." Complaint was mad<
to the'society that the man, who keeps t
grocery store;-' had allowed hia horse tt
remain 'uncared for during .'the j past ter
days, the animal having broken his le£
near the: hip. During all of. that time tn<
horse 'had been . lying in ¦ an exposed ' loi
near the' avenue,'- and iin - Its futile, strug
gle.for; food It had dug a bfg:hole In the
ground. >' When i the officers reached -*th«
place theyj found that: the poor brute hac
already died of pain and; starvation.- -
MOTHER AND CHILD
THROWN FROM BOGGY
OAKLAND, June 20.— Mrs. Fred Bpeh
mer, wife of the proprietor of a roadsid<
inn ; on the Redwood '.Canyon. road,\wui
thrown from her, buggy yesterday after
noon^ while, driving- with her small chile
in her arms. • ¦', She was seriously . injured
The escape * of mother and - child frorr
Instant death v was miraculous.
Mrs. Boehmer was-, driving' along ,th€
Redwood road- holding, the child. on hej
lap. Without apparent cause, the anlma
swerved from -its path and -started on a
gallop. 1 , , Before going many 'yards the oc
cupants of the rig: were thrown i to th«
ground.- Mrs.' Boehmer escaped with s
few cutsand, bruises,, while, the babywas
almost uninjured. ',-'.S'' ¦' ' • ¦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 20.
Judge Hall granted two divorces to-day
on the ground .of intemperance. In each
case the husband and head of the fam
ily was the one with . the appetite for
strong drink. Mabel A. Jaquith was re
leased from the bonds that bound her to
Alfred H. Jaquith and Ora Briggs was
granted 1 a divorce from George Briggs.
In the case of Mrs. Jaquith against her
husband, the plaintiff testified* that for
over a jrcar and' a half 'since her mar
riage she had been forced to rely upon
her parents' for her support, v While her
husband earned good , wages at his trade
he spent his money - in . appeasing his
thirst. ¦ Saturday night was his favorite
time for Indulging in alcoholic beverages
to the great detriment of the family purse
and larder. Sunday was spent in sober
ing up and on Monday Jaquith would be
unable to' go " to work.' Finally things
reached such a stage that Mrs. Jaquith
abandoned her husband and' went to live
with 'her parents.. ¦ .
In the suit of Ora Briggs against George
Briggs, the : plaintiff- declared that a few
years after their marriage in 18S4 her hus
band , developed such an appetite for in
toxicating liquor, that he became utterly
¦worthless and refused to work. His In
dulgence in -intoxicants, according to Mrs.
Brigge, on several occasions led 'him to
abuse her:in a cruel manner. On one oc
casion when she refused "him money he
struck her, to the floor. and, brandishing. a
razor-above her head threatened to cut
her throat if she did not give him' money.
The custody of Lyman . E. Briggs, four
teen years old, was -awarded to the
mother. ¦' ' •¦'¦'- ¦¦-
., ¦*;.• .>'. -¦¦¦¦ . ¦ . . ¦
Appetite for Strong Drink Breaks Up
the Homes of Alfred H.
Jaquith and George
Briggs. . : ; I \
Judge Hall Dissolves the
Bonds of Mismated
'' :• Couples.
IHTEMPERMICE
THE CAUSE OF
TWO DIVORCES
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 21," 1900.
HAWAII SENDS DELEGATES
TO DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION
13
CONTRIBUTORS
TO THE
SUMMER TERM COURSES,
....19OO....
THE CALL'S HOME STUDY
CIRCLE SERIES.
BEV. EDWABD EVEBETT HALE,
D.D.,
Boston.
COLONEL THOS. W. HICrGINSON,
Cambridge, Mass.
EUZABETH STTTAST PHELPS,
Boston.
F. HOPKINSON SMITH,
New York City.
HAEBIET PBESCOTT SPOFFOBD,
Washington. D. C.
TBAJSTK. A. .VANDEBLTP,
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury.
O. STANXJEY TTAT.T,, LL.D.,
President Clark University.
PBOFESSOB LEWIS E. GATES,
Harvard University.
PBOFESSOB' JAMES F. KEMP,
Columbia University.
ALBERT S. BOIiI.CS, LL.D.,
Haverfoni College.
JESSE MACY, LL.L\,
Jowa College, *
WILLIAM J. BOLFE, LITT. D.,
Cambridge, Mass.
O. P. AUSTIN,
Chief of the Bureau of Statistics.
a. c. Mclaughlin, ll.d.,
University of Michigan.
MABGABET AINSLEE,
Philadelphia.
PBOFESSOB G. B. CAEPENTEE,
Columbia. University.
BEV. IiYMAN P. PO^TEIX,
Author of American HISvJ^c Town
Series.
JAMES A- WOODBtTBN, Ph. D. t
Indiana University.
WILLIAM H0U3T0N, M. A.,
MacMaster University. Toronto.
EGE M. WBONG, M. A.,
r.ivcrsity of Toronto.
LES H. SMITH, IX- D.,
Tale University.
C. FBEEB, Ph- D.,.M. D.,
University of Mlchisran.
BOBEBT M. TOOKEB, M.*D.,
. Chicago.
OSCAB H. ALLIS, M. D.,
Philadelphia.
WILLIAM HOWE DOWNES, -V
Art Editor "Boston Transcript."
ABTHT7B HOEBEB,
Art Editor New York "Commercial -
And others wl)ose names appear
irj connection with the programroe
of studies.
stories of the nn^
i i oldest gambler on |^^
the :^^
PACIFIC COAST.
HOW GENERAL CUSTER §N$\
MET HIS DEATH.
Told for the First time by his scout, V\\S
HOW SIX AMERICAN TROOPERS CAPTURED \Vs^
EIGHT HUNDRED FILIPINOS. xJsX;
AROUND THE PARIS NN^
EXPOSITION. NN^
1 Ft m » By GENEVIEVE GREE N >NS^
• / v MOST LUXURIOUS YACHT IN THE WORLD—
J 5 *AND BUILT FOR A WOMAN. VVO
X*l *~%\ t C* -¦-• -• VsNN
r Irii/ \ N \>S>
\A\Ay *D THE MOST CURIOUS PULPIT IN VsN\
Call §|piiy|||g^
JUNE 24, 1900.
t
* THE SUNDAY CALL
;. LEADS THEM ALL loOvXTHE BAK FRAydlSCO CALL, THUBSPAY, JTOTE 21, 3900.-
14
HORSES— Young, well broken, for all purposes,
cheap: best :n city. 721 Howard st. nr. Third.
CARLOAD young horses, weighing 1200 to 1500.
J. D. FORRESTER, salesman. 1636 Mission.
HORSE 6 years old. fine style, to sell or trade
for heavier horse. 1121 Vermont st.
FOR sale— Fine bay horse, buggy and harness:
the whole out ilt in good order. 907 Oolden
Gate ave.
LOT of cheap horses for campers. pe_dlers or
business at CANTY' S, 2170 Market st.; Castro-
et. cars pass the door. •
FOR rale — 2 extra "On- carriage teams. DAJ—
ZIEL. Vet.' Dentist. 1505 Golden Gate »ve.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list- houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H.,UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
FELL, 281. between Gough and Franklin-
House, 9 rooms, hath; yard; rent $20. ¦
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Black greyhound, white breast; reward.
Return to New Postoffice Stable. Jessie St..
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla- Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of MAGGIE , OLSEN. No. 233-471. The
finder will nlense return to bank.
A— W SO DERBY and Fedora hats. %1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FOR SALE— Schooner, about 12 tons; four yea-
old; very cheap. J. HI ATT, 7S3 Mission st.
SAW FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and TnlnJ streets, open
cntil 12 o'clock every night !n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgctaery street,
corr.cr Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
*C0 nayes etreet: open until 9:39 p. m.
f?5 McAllister etreet; open until 9:50 p. m.
ClE Larkin etreet: open until *:S0 p. m.
:r»l Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
nci ilirsicu street, corner Sixteenth: open nn-
tll » p. to.
IDS EiW-th street: open onttl f p. m .
10TC Valencia street: npen uctU 9 p. m.
Jw'orthwest comer Twenty-second and _ea-
Trcrkv BtrWts: r-pen cntil • p. m.
SI—UTIMi SOTICES.
MISSION Chapter No. 78. R. A. M. — m
.Stated "meeting THIS (THL'RSDAr) J\^
EVENING. 7:M o'clock. Mission Ma-TK^
rnnic T«r?le. ZCGS Mission st. Bust- '
riot* anil Mark Master de_Tee. By order of
the H. P. JNO. It HILLMAN. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lo<S_e No. 1. F. ar.d A, tt
M., will moet THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. Ji-ne 21. fit 7:20 o"clock. 1%J\
First degree. 33y ord<?r of the master. / ~P '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
£Ol~H Fan FranclFon Lodpe No. 212. F. m
nr.d A. M.. meets THIS (THURSDAY) _*%_
EVENING al 7:::^ o'clock for th:nl d*>- 1*J^
*r~e. All Master Mosons ore Invited. • ~~^ '
13y order of tli« inaster.
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC _•>£« No. lie. F. and A. M.— ft
FpecisJ meeting THIS (THURSDAY) -JV-
EVENING nt 7:C0 o'clock. Pt-cor.d de- T5L/\
_ree. 13y order of the master. ' ~^ *
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lod_e No. 120, F. and A. M. ft
—Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _iV_
EVENING r.t 7:S!3 o'clock. Second de- juJrZ
cree. Fellow craft Masons cordially / XT >
Invited. By order of the' W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary-
KINO Solomon's Lodge No. 160. F. and gt
A. 51.. Frar.klin Hall. FlTlmore St.. be-
•v.-it-i p-sh and Butter. Second' degree /£_*
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:30 ' V>
o'clock. HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
ACETTS WASTED.
JT5C0 CAN be made during next 6 month* by
hustling apents handling our white and fancy
rubber collars'. cuCs. bosoms, necktlee; patent-
ed. eTj&r_ntee<J eoods; inclose .Ftamp for. "spe—
cinl plan. M. A M. Mfc. Co.. gprlngflfld. Mass. ;
ATTOIIXEVS AT LAW.
ATJVICE free; <Jtvor<-e la— ' a rpeclajty ; private;
ro fee without fucctes; collections. G.-W.
HOWE. ctty. ut law. SCO Market.cor.Stockton.
R. W. KING. ST! Market st.. room 627; all
ca«e(>: no advance charges; call or writ*.
ADVICE free; no charpe unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bid*.. S27 Mar-
k-t rt.: confult-tlon free: no fees tn advance.
AUTOMOBILES. - -
AUTOMCBILES-FnED WARD - SON.
Arentg. 48 Fremcnt rt. • '
BAra___prSETS; _^
ROBINSON $5 4-panel folding: doer opens; firm
_nd safe. W. S. BROWN, gen, ogt.. 426 Ellis.
BEXGIAX HARES.
FRAUD'!!
There has been so much deception practiced
in Belgian Hare* that the majority of persons
fcre unable to determine where they can get
Jeir and honest treatment.
Why rot patronize the CALIFORNIA BEL-
GIAN HAKE ASSOCIATION, as they have
the best line of animals In the State and are
thoroughly rwponslble tor any representation-
they may make. Address
GEO. A. YOUN'G, Manager. Alameda, Cal.
BELGIAN hares— Fancy etock on 6ale; bred
and unbred does from flO to tlDO; young pedl-
CTeed stock cn sale at reasonable prices; cor-
respondence solicits. Pajaro Valley Rab-
b'.trv. P. O. drawer D. Watscnvllle. Cal.
FOR rale— Very One Etock of high-score, pedl-
preed IJelpian bares, all sco— ?d by Mrs. Hash.
lOOiH Putter ft.. San Francisco. ¦¦.
TREMONT Belgian Hare Co.. 2124 FlUmcre et.
Fan Francisco. Cal.— Send 6c In stamps for
book on care and feeding.
A FEW left— Heavyweight pedigree bred does;
rr.u^t be sold to-day. 156 Tehama et, off Thirl.
IHARE Ear.!tar!um— Treatment of sick hares:
positive vnufHe cure. DR. JACOBS. 1616 Turk.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE C. 609 Goid-
en Gate ave.. S. F.; SOO rabbits for sale cheap.
BOOKS M_\V AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
H"lrn<*. T-«>V Co.. ~M ft:i?«1"P yt.. near Third.
DtrSIXESS CHASCES.
A^i'liK I liquor store; only
in* block inm Market; rent ?50; horse,
wagon and a large stock; splendid paying
l>uFlnesi=; disagreement of partners cause of
File. Pee It. G. WILKE. Sfi 1 * Kearny st.
A— I5T.0; RESTAURANT on Gearj- Bt. ; close jp
Chronicle building: rent cheap; owner em-
ployed in National Bank: must sell at once.
Call It. G. WILKE. £6H Kearny St.
A— 13*.*'; I'P.L'G store on Montgomery St.; rent
$4(i- estab. years; knowledge of business not
necmsary. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
jL—l2<.fiO: liEST paying corner grocery and bar
on Hayes «t. ; no rent to pay: a splendid
chance. See R. G. WILKE. 2C',j Kearny st.
AN lnter_t in transfer and express company,
doing a business of J16.0C* per year. In this
city ar.d acrofi the bay: owner needs active
a aw'lftant. Call It. G. WILKE. ZCVj Kearny.
A-fC'M: SALOON elegantly fitted up; estab.
years and doing a good paying business; place
located close to Palace Hotel; rent $50: lease;
large etock. bcrt quality: a rare oCer. Call
K. G. -WILKE. 2SH Keamy st.
A-r:-'- fl : ELEGANTLY furnished restaurant; on
Ftockton st.; plare t-stab. many years and do-
ing ruahinp. Kood-paying business: "no better
orrer in marktt. R. G. \VILKE. 2S*j Kearny.
r^«-SALO<»N; north of Market st; half price;
other buFln^ss cause of cale. McLAUGHLIN
&• no.. 777't Market gt. .
jjnOCi—PARTNER wanted; hay and grain busi-
ness, real estate Included ;, part cash If de-
clred. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H M-rket Et.
jlf/fl — MILK mute, near the city; established
buFln^ss; FlcknesB cause of eale. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777>* Market et.
51i0.v- PARTNER wanted In the manufacturing
of vtaple goods: will be required to take the
California agency for Fame. See SIcLAUGH-
LIN" & CO.. 777^ Market St.
A— ITiO J7M J7M
THIS IS A BARGAIN
Corner liquor store and saloon, north.. near
Market f=t. : handsome place, doing fine busi-
ness; well situated for 2 young men or a fam-
ily to conduct: carrying large stock of wines,
liquors, etc.; If you desire this kind of busi-
ness don't delay Investigation, as owner Is
selling on account of sickness. STENBERG
CO.. 835 Market Ft.
PLUMBING, pas fitting and tin roofing shop
for sale cheap; owner going to Cape Nome:
price only II .'A. Apply to ELINKET &. PAGE.
S7J Market «t.
A _j3rK5; SAIjOON and restaurant; 1 block from
Market ft. ; 4 rooms; good trade. Pacnic Ex-
change, 1016 _!arket st.
1500 — OYSTER ar.d chop houre; ladies' rooms;
dally receipts $20 to JX. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— A strictly pood burtnefs; restaurant;
1#> ehsirs and feeding 100 people; bakery Us-
ing £ barrels flour daily; horse and wagon;
lodplng-house, 34 rooms, newly furnished ;
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant, Bakers-
flt-ld. Cal.
GIVING away my Kearny-st. business; clears
$12 dally profits; must go this week; owner
murt get out: nothing like it for price; J3S0.
411 Kearny st.
?2T,0— FRtTIT stand; cheap rent; good location;
horse and buggy; dally receipts $12 t'i $1S;
owner going Nome; make offer. 7S Third st.
WANTED — Partner: moderate capital; placer
mining. Address A. WORMLEY. 827A Howard.
GOOD grocery and bar; desirable location;' no
a£ents; sickneE6 cause. Address box C15, Call.
PARTNER wanted for first -class restaurant;
some cajiital required. Address box 6*J, Call.
SALOON for ealc; fine business; rent cheap.
Inquire Call office.
ESTABLISHED 18 years; J1S00 rash will buy a
clean clock of Jewf-Iry. French plate fixtures
and larce safe in town of 3009; county B *at;
San Joaquln Valley; reason, retiring from
business. For particulars apply at NORD-
MAN BROS.. 134 Suttfr e_. 8. F. .
FOR EALE— Half Interest In nm-class plumb.
Ing *ho|> nnd store in good location withlr
tO miles of Sao Francisco. Address box 628.
Call office.
FOR SALE— Good wing route on this paper,
Apr>ly at offlce. -
COCXHH grocery* and bar: well Ftocked; 4 larc«
livlrr room*; r«-nt T25. Apply Railroad Brew-
Iery. 427 \"alr?r.cia -t.
UK eale— StMe right of Dr. Springsteen's dls-
coveri*-*; orisinator of .Viavl remedies. 2421
Fillmcre gt. ¦ ' •'¦'"¦ "' " : "
o.\"T mlF5 the tripods and lamps at th<
r.ACKL'S STUDIO. 11 Geary; other bargains
iX)r» corner grocery and bar; desirable loca
ticc: no ap»nts. Address box €18. Call offlce
FIIIST-CLASS shoe chop; o«l priMs; good
work; Fmail stock ghoes. 3S2 Kush et. .
C^FFUE and tea routes " funalled from GEO
V.'. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacra— _B_i »L
IIU SI XE S S CHANCES— CONTINUED.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot etc.; fine
locat'on: place Is entirely covered and oon-
" taln« 3 etalls: rent only J13; water free. In-
quire WM; HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call
building. i ' • ¦¦ ' '-
$1100— SALOON: hplendld location: flrst-class
stock and fixtures: full Investigation allowed;
parties meaning business look at this before
buying elsewhere . Apply 79 Third •_
OFFER you established city business; paying
$4 dally over ail and every expense; easily
I learned; profits very large; $700 or close offer
for quick settlement. 411 Kearny st.
$3w)— SALOON irhd lunch house. 4 rooms, suit-
able for man and wife: clckness cause; low
relit. C6C St.
WELL-ESTABLISHED Republican weekly
paper, with small Job plant; good outfit;
<heap. Address box 611. Call offlce.
FOR sale — Gocd-paylng bakery route, horse and
wagon. Apply 717 Sixtieth Bt.. between Grove
et. and Shattuck ave.. Oakland. ..
FOR pale or exchange for Jewelry, stock of
fancy goods. Box 151. Gllroy. Cal.
j+OO— CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living rooms:
account of sickness. 1111 Howard: no agents.
$1SOO— BARGAIN— Grocery and bar; good stock:
large bar trade. Apply 30 Lily aye.
J12r><>— INSIDE route on this paper. Inquire
C31 Sacramento Bt. BAPTISTE.
$400-RESTAURANT; bargain on account of
departure. McLAUGHLLV & CO.. 777VJ Mrkt.
NURSERY for sale: Jobs and tools. Including
florist. 1724 Central ave.
LODGIKG-HOUSES KOR SALK.
R. H WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market, over the
Wonder Millinery; telephone Mint 158L
16 rooms $600:20 rooms $600
U rooms 700 15 rooms 4<5
Brooms. Oakland. 1200 ! 19 rooms 700
FURNISHED house of eleven rooms, good as
new: cheap: party going away before July
1; nine rooms rented to permanent roomers;
rent reasonable: good bargain. 411A Turk St.
CAHRIAJES AM) WAGONS.
ALL kindu of wagorm. buggies, carts, harness,
• etc.. cheap. EAOAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for e_le
cheap. Call at SS2 Mission st -
NEW A 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & h&r-
n«»". wnrk A driving hor-es. ISth *• Valencia.
CAIIPKT BEATI.NG AND CLUAMAO.
WHEN you become diegtsted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Jng Works. 3o3-3;7 Tehama St.; tel. S. 4ft.
EANITA*KY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
2(2-344 McAllister et. : phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatinc Co.. 140 14th gt. : tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. H. j
• STEVENS, mpr.. 3S-40 Sth st ; tel. South fSO. \
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet CIeai%ag Co..
¦ 4£S Stevenson St.. tel. South S28; lowest rates. ;
CARPETS cleaned at Jc per yard; laid at 4C.
STRATTOX'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jeggle 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLI.VS Carpet-Beating Works. 233 Golden
Gate are.: telephone East !-<>•
SHIRITUALISM.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
CC5 McAllister st ; 10c. Come skeptics.
C STEERS' circle to-day. 2 p. m. : I3e; read-
tngs ?_ 112H Oak st. : time limited.
MRS. ETIQUE. 1204 Flllmore; circle this even-
Ing; 25c; readings, SOc.
AT Friendship Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. Mey-
er: convincing test to-night 10c; sittings dally.
MRS. KOTTER. spiritual medium; sittings; G.
II, L. COc; clr. Mo., Tu., Wed.. Frt.. 10c. 34 6th.
TYTLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis St.. 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.. Sundays lnclnded.
EDWARD EARLE, 330 Ellis— Sittings dally this
we<?k only: seance Sunday. 24th.
MRS. DUNHAM, medium: readings dally: dr.
Tues.. Frt.. i, 8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room i5.
"GO to Watson"; spiritual medium and palm-
ist; lucky and truest 1SS1 Market, nr. 12th; 25c.
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test business
medium. life read»r: sitting. SI. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR- CLAIiK. the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 205 Turk St..
may be consulted on all affairs of lUe; she
will show you bow to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles; restore lost affec-
tions- unite the separated; satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk
et., near Jone».
MME.LANGE, the preat clairvoyant, tells past,
future: never fails: has the greatest Egyptian
tecret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 2Sc and up: satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market gt.. bet. ~th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading: ladles SOc.
gents Jl; palm. & clalr. ; sit, tl SO. 126 Turk st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; best advice. S23
Mission Bt. near 4th. rm. 3; -x: up; ring bell.
MME. ZEREDA of S Seventh et., original gypsy
life reader: readings. 25c; no sign.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmlg-
try: truth or no pay: 25c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
IIMK. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 21i'-4 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
hanrt's picture; 2Zc: lartle*. 914 O'Farrell St.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
le-s Fiiccexsful. Room 310. 927 Market* st.
" COTTAGES TO LET.
BROAD'S place, 3. off Bush. bet. Hyde and
Larkin — Cottage of 6 rooms; large cellar;
rent $15.
$20— COTTAGE. S rooms, bath: sunny yard;
large basement. Key at 711 Treat ave.
3 SUNNY rooms, nice garden, cheap to email
family. 1270 Fol?om St.. near Ninth.
DENTISTS..
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket et. cor. 4th, nn. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
¦without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 to up: plates, extractions free, $4 CO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, SOc; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell it, on
vacation from June 13 until July 1.
"VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns, $3; fillings, 23c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. O. oT
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st
"dog hospitals.
DR. CREELY"S C. P. dog soap creates a
smooth, silky coat; for sale by all druggists
or st the hospital. CIO Golden Gate ave. %
DR BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Po«t. Flllmor«—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60; all
ar.ims.ls treated: do— boarded. Tel. Wf t 626.
DRESSMAKERS AND SKAMSTIIKSSHS
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Po*>t.
MMK. REMBERT. D30 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
fa F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary st. ; dresses
made. {S up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds plerlt-
ing. pinking. 121 Pn«t. over O'Connor&Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
ALL EtQdents but two taking full course this
year got positions. BAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St. . .
AYRES'. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st. ; life scholarship, J."Q; Includes short-
hand, typing. bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin stTl
the coming rchool; thorough; un-to-daie: all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, dec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, a«>ay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
YOUNG lady of good family, educated In Eu-
rope, desires to give : instructions In German
painting and embroidery. Box 612, Call.
,-IEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Poet St.,
S. F.; founded 1&63: SO-pago catalogue free.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast foi
ladles and gentlemen. O. Sine. »6 Geary, r. 34.
OALLAOHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand; bookkeeping. Parrott big.; cat' log.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving: all branches. 424 Pine at.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
ate.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EHl'LOVaUSXT OFFICES. ¦
X— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: establ. over 10 years;, all kinds help.
421 Post, -near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
furn.; dotneatlc^erv. 4j7 Powell; tel. Clay 88.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, 9^'
nete help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tol. Black o072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
beFt help furn.; tel. John 212L S06H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japaneee Employment OffWe^
Beet help. 411^ O'Farrell gt. : tel. East 426.
lSMPLOYMEXT WANTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS hotel cook wants a position:
best of references: city or country. MIfaS
' CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A COMPETENT woman with a child desires
a situation: good cook and houseworker: ref-
erences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AN unusually neat housewife wishes place as
useful companion, working housekeeper . or
would cure for lnvn~d: no objection to any-
thing reasonable: terms moderate. Address
with particulars MRS. C, South San Fran-
Cisco, Snn Mateo County. Cal.
A YOUNG woman would like work by the day:;
house cleaning, washing and Ironing; only 0
months from the East. . Address MRS.
' ' O'BRIEN. 613 Folsom st. . -¦• .
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by the
day In private family; work guaranteed. Box
639. Call office. , _•
YOUNG woman wants work by the day; wash-
Ing, Ironing or house cleaning. Call or ad-
dress 1217H Howard St.
NEAT colored girl would like position aa nurse
or maid; will go to country; reference. Call
or address 917 Powell st. ' ¦
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes housework in
small American family; good cook; references.
Address 316H Rltch. nr. Brannan and Third.
A WILLING, Experienced girl wants a posi-
tion for general housework. Apply at 217
Polk st
"WANTED — 1C0 shirt waists made to order; 60c
¦ up: suits made • In the latest styles.- | DR.
WILSON, 3 Co-operative Home. 4 Vernon pi.
RESPECTABLE woman wants place to do
housework; can cook and do small "washing.
256 Eighth- St. ' '¦ .
AN experienced nurse wishes few more engage-
, ments in confinements; $1 per day;. doctor* •
* references.. 767 Folsom st. • •
FIRST-CLASS French and German cook de-
Sires situation in private family; city or
country. Call 917 I^irkln st.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to assist in light
housework. 15S Silver St.. bet. 3d & 4th; coll.
A STRONG girl wishes position to do cooking
and housework. Please call at 1914 McAllister.
A GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
.¦ work. Box 640. Call office.
RESPECTABLE, Intelligent lady desires place
as companion or as housekeeper 'for elderly
. person. Box 17C0. Call.
2 RESPECTABLE women would like positions
ao housekeeper and one to sew. Apply 603
Sixth st. '
GOOD reliable woman wants to do general work
and plain cooking by the day or week. Box
B. 300 Hayes st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
light housework and cooking. 2206 Twenty-
third «t.. bet. Kansas and Rhode Island.
lOSlTION" by American Protestant woman to
do chamberwork; sleep home. Box 610, Call
Offlce. '
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 26c to $1 60 night: $1 50 to I*
week; convenient and respectable; fre« bus
and baggage ¦ to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia . st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Call.
16 pages, in —-rapper, for mailing, tl per year.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALeT"
NOTICE to orchardists— You can secure help
for'frult picking by sending orders to J. F.
CROSETT. 628 Sacramento st. '
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, desires work
in private family; thorough experience;
ftrictly sober: uses no tobacco; not afraid of
work; undeniable references. R., 869 Mission.
WANT Job to take care of property; town or
country; reference and security If desired.
Box C37, Call offlce.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants position; ha«
good references. Box 641. Call offlce.
YOUNG married man, Danish, wishes position;
suburbs of city preferred; horses, cows, gar-
den and general work; understands that work
thoroughly : good references. . J. X.. 1715
Stockton st. , ¦
CARPENTER wants groceries from a whole-
sale firm to retail at his store In exchange
for his labor: good all-round man. Apply J.
P. SMITH, 27 Mason St.
Al ENGINEER desires employment; can do all
kind of repairing on engines, pumps, boilers,
etc. ; city cr country. Address G. BUSCII,
748 Minna St. V
YOUTH (16), residing with parents, desires sit-
uation in wholesale house; 2',4 years stock
clerk In last place; Ealary low to commence.
Box 624> Call office. '
COACHMAN and general work: experienced In
care of horses, carriages, garden, etc.; refer-
ences. Address A, R., 1104 San Pablo ave.,
Oakland. * ¦
SITUATION wanted by a man as gardener,
hostler or to do general work around place;
city or country; reference.* Box 4400, Call.
EXPERIENCED storekeeper and steward (Ger-
: man) wishes situation at seaside or country
resort: steady position prefd. Box 630, Call.
YOUXO Danish coachman and gardener wants*
situation: steady, sober and reliable; can
milk; best references. Box 2923. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes situation In
private family; good washer and lroner.
HOM GOUIE, 715 Dupont st.
YOUNG man of 18 wishes employment; to learn
I trade preferred. Box 625.. Call office. .
SITUATION wanted by young man In book-
store; 6 years' experience In new and old
books. Address box 617. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ' been established at 1096
Valencia st. _ -¦* • ¦
~~ . exchange:.
AN olA-establinhed blacksmlthlng and horse-
shoeing business, on account of death of
owner, for sale for" cash or will exchange for
' real estate and pay difference. 22 Cortland av.
~~ EX'l'KIlT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071V4 Market st— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall, COc. Phone Mint 257. "
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse.'iscullgt optician.. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET."
100 FLATS, cottages, etc. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st
2019 Pine: f. 7 r......$23 913V4 Buch'n; f. 6 r.$14
7SJ Halght: c f. 7 r.*2S!l214A Scott; f."4 r...$13
"417 Jones; f. 6 r *25| 112 Fell; f.'4 r $16
418 Hermann; h. 8 r.$30l 40 Belvedere; t. 6 r.$2S
A—j.ROOM flat: corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417ft Third.
A— 3 UPPER sunny modern flats, 6 and 6 rooms,
bath each. 907, 972, 975 Golden Gate ave.
CORNER bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath, gas;
cottage of G rooms, ' basement, yard. 1876 Fif-
teentH'at. near Dolores. .- .
COZY, Inexpensive flats, 4 and S rooms, bath.
1042 and 1014 Sacramento at." below. Mason.' "¦'¦
FELL, 524— Flat of S rooms; bath, gas, hot and
cold water; $13. . - ' •
FLAT of 6 largo sunny rooms and bath; yard;
basement. 728 Fourteenth st ¦/ l ~ • .
FOLSOM, S5S^-Flat of 3 rooms; hot. and cold
water; range; very desirable. - . v. \ '¦.¦..
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWF.LL. 10 Montgomery.
NBW modern sunny flats; bath, • yard, bape-
ment; 6 and 7 rooms; reas. 1931-1 Si5 O'Farrell.
BUNNY upper tint: 8 rooms; bath: all sunny;
rent $25. Cor. Broadway and Larkin st. .
TEHAMA, 250 and ' 250%— Good flats; i 4 - and 5
rooms: H month free; $5 and $10. SPECK &
CO.. 6C7 Market st. - *~. _ ...
UPPER sunny, flat -6 rooms; rent $12. 437 Ivy
ave. ; key 478 Hayes st. . • •
6 ROOMS and bath; clean; rent $22. ;9Sl'Harrl-
son St., near Sixth. •.'--¦>'
CHEAPEST and best In Am*ric»— The, Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any . address In the
United State* or Canada' one. year for $L> ¦•¦.
KUUKITUK— *'Olt -ALK.
FOR SALE-^-Nlce cak furniture • for 7 rooms;
J225; rent • $18 per month; 4 steady; roomers
bringing in $21 a month; all conveniences.
Call 1416B Howard st ' ";,.. ¦ : r ¦' .:
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50,. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co..' 1127-1131 Market.
FUHNlTUKi; \VAVJ__t.
ALFRED WOLLPERT;, 773 Mission^ st;; pays'
• highest price, for your second-hand 'furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J.^T.' Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets." 757 Mission; tel. J Red '3353.
EXPERIENCED frnlt canners wanted Immedi-
ately. Apply U. S. FRUIT PACKING CO.,
Harrison ave., off Folsom St., bet. Seventh
and Eighth.
WANTED-200 worn fn and girls to work on
fruit. Apply immediately U. S. FRUIT
PACKING CO., Harrison ave.. between Sev-
enth and Eighth _ts.. off Foleom. .
HELP WANTED— MALE.
SOL GETZ * BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKET: BTJ_LD_NC_,
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$430 to $S0O— Choicest Sunset lots; all bargains-
sewered and graded; ready to buUd on; $10
monthly.
tZZO to $300— Choicest Richmond bulldlnr lots-
S10 monthly. '
I10O to $25O-Level building lots: near Mls^lon-
et and San Mateo electric car line; $3 monthly.
$630 to $1000— For small cottages In excellent
fr&St ™.S_E£^_£SSL3fc f " tt -
SOL GETZ & BROTHER. * .
Iggg ROOM A. CROCKEIt BUILDINa
$1W) CASH; balance like rent- new cottae-ea in
' Mission: -1 block to electric c^r?- 4 5 and 'J
rooms and bath. lIcEWEN BROS., m Mont-
j^oi-icry st.
IF you have lots north of the Park In small
or, large subdivisions, and . you w^nt to 4
.ffg&ffa c^iCmf st unaerslenei !
MEDICAL.
MRS. DrTkOHLI only reliable ladles' special-
ist of long and successful practice. Guaran-
teed treatment at office, $3: home In confine-
ment: best care: consultation freei and con-
fidential. 446 Eddy St.. bet. Lcavenworth and
Hyde; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8; Sundays 10 to 4.
DR. G. W. O'DONN'ELJL. the world-renowned
Iadlejl_»peciall5t: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In S. F. forbears: treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Write or call at
10234 Market st. ,
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' spi-clallst.
has returned from Europe; safe and reliable:
cure ?5; have treated thousands of cases with
success: 13 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home: low fees. 1007% Market st.. near 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 23 yrs."
practice: hoirw In confinement: treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; consultation Tree; con-
fidential. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. GUYER, 4 IS Eddy st, well known
and reliable; ladies' specialist;- consult free;
home in confinement: hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 10C5 Market— Ladies' spe-
clallst; home In confinement: safe and reli-
able: consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market; ladles'
. physician; chronic diseases treated; late sci-
entific methods; treatment. $3.
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China: dis-
eases of all kinds cured: herbs and teas: sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento.cor.Kearny.advlce free.
Y S-DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists,
1118 Market St.; every case guaranteed: $3 up.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reason-
able. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFPER.
Dlt WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st. '
MOXEY TO LOA.V.
ANY amount at C per cent; 1st 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOL.GAN. 21 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
.second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages: life Insurance. Room 16. first
floor. Chronicle big.. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY • respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at :ow-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
st ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOANS made on furniture at 1U per cent; also
loans 'to salaried people. HAESHDAROER,
322 Ellis St., room 34. . „
MOST- reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLJ. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT ' 126 Kearny. room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on -.vatcheti, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 933. .
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quick
Fervice; money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
6S and 63. Donohoe bulldlhg. 1170 Market st
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages/ and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
loweat rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
ANY sum. 1st or 2nd mortgi'ges. estates In pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. CC3'Esaminer building.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. solves all kinds ot
financial problems: 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif.
TO" salaried people wlthouti security: all busl-
ness confidential. Tcusley Co.. 321 Parrot big.
CASH loaned to salaried people* on note without
Indorser. MORRELL,- 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos. ' without removal; no
,> commlf Mon : private. ¦; LICK. 118 McAllister.
salaried men without collateral or indorser.
P. F. Discount Agency. 143 Pheian building.
MUSICAL INsmUME.NTS.
j • • - _ • -- \ . - -,-...'-, ., „
$5C0— NEW piano' will s*lt,at very • low price.
Address box 631, Call , of flee. .
ONE Stelnway, 1 Chlckerlng, $190: Installments
85 to $10; rent $2 up; HEINE'S, 136 Ellis st.
8OHMER.A CO., Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Hamil-
• ; ton pianos. - 30S Post St.- .
FINE Krell upright piano at a great bargain.
: . BTATH AM. r 106 McAllister st.
REDUCTION sale;- new pianos.- $5 payments;
for rent. $2 up. BRUENN, 204 Post st
¦MHB ___¦__ «3E
WANTED •••••
3 miners. $3 a day: t ranch teamsters. $1 25
a day and board; hostler, n-ar city, J30; 2
milkers, near city, $32 60 and $30; lunch coun-
ter man, $35; driver "for stable, $25 and fd.;
choreman, country, private, steady place. $25:
blacksmith's - helper. $30; baker's helper, $30
and fd.; 2 farmers, free fare, $30: milker, city,
$30; 20 laborers for mine, brickyard and rock
crusher, $25 nnd $30 per month and $1 73 a
day; cook, resort, near city. $35; 10 woodchop-
pers, red pine and hard wood. 4-foot, 75c. $1
and $1 25 cord. Santa Cruz Co. W. D. EWER
& CO., 610 Clay st. •¦ : '¦ ¦".
ENGINEER and electrician, $100; . millwright
for country. $3 75 to "*4 day: carpenter for
mill. $45 and board; blacksmiths, .wheel-
wrights, blacksmith's helper, machine man
for planing mill, machinist for country, min-
ers, woodstnen, laborers of all kinds; butch-
ers, teamsters, farmers, milkers and others at
folng wages. J. F. CROSETT Agency. ; 628
acramen to Bt. ¦¦ ¦ '
COOK, country boarding-house, $45 to $50;
cook, country hotel, $45; restaurant first
: and second cooks. • $30: -waiters.-' country and
city. $25 and $30; cake baker, $1S week: baker.
country, $12 week; second baker, $40 and
¦ found, and many others. J. F. CROSETT
Agency. 62S Sacramento st
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie UN-
WANTED— Boys to do machine work In mill.
¦ Apply at cordage factory, Iowa ft., bet
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, Potrero.
WANTED— Steady mr_i: : light Indoor work;
. will pay SCO per, month. ' with chance otto-^
crease; small carlta. 1016 Market, room 10.
THREE laborers, pick and shovel: 2 teamsters.
Fourteenth ave. and N st., ; South," take Ken-
tuck-st cars. .,:¦:¦¦, . ¦ . .;.¦..'
RELIABLE man to attend, cash counter: look
after help In restaurant: as partner; $100 re-
quired; Al chance. ,79 .Third st.
WANTED-Mlddle-aged, sober, practical bed-
maker; $25 and- room. Apply: New .'Adelaide
House. 7 a. m.~. 614 Howard st. •' • ' ¦ '
BARBERS for city and v country; first-class
• wages. Apply, immediately. • H. BERNARD.
. 1P4 Seventh st. , ¦-.-•. ' ¦ ' T ' -
BARBER wanted at 39% Turk 'st^ * . ' . ¦
BARBER wanted— Steady work; wages. 1211
Market st. , . .,* ' : '- . ¦ . .,
WANTED— A barber for Saturday and Sunday."
2 5S6 Fourth st. ¦ ; ¦¦, ,- 1 '.¦¦ ¦' ..¦.?;
BARBER ; wanted. 131 % Valencia st. ; >
GOOD cabinet-makers wanted ¦ at ' MOLLER - &
- SASS, ; 623 California st. : ¦---•. . ¦:';
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith. 1192 Folsom
-Bt., near. Eighth. .
BLACKSMITH'S • : helper '.¦". wanted. JOHN
; ACHEBERT. 4322 Mission road. -:..' ri .¦¦-..'-«:
WANTED— Boys of ' 14 to ' 15 : years: references."
Call after 9 o'clock. 410 Kearny ¦ Bt. . room 20.
A', GOOD restaurant cook. ¦- 1418 ¦ Howard st. *
A BOY. to do office work in exchange for tui-
tion at Ayers' . Business College. "
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038 \ a-
lencia st. ¦ '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
WANTED— Women nnd girls to work on fruit,
Folsom st. bet. 13th and 14th sts.
2 OFFICE boys for this offlce -with bicycles.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A — 50 WOODSMEN, spooltenders, Jackscrewers.,
crosscut sawyers, swampers, yardsmen ' and
laborers, ¦ $30 to $45 and board, see boss here
this morning
100 woodchoppers, 4 ft. wood, pine and ce-
dar, $1 25 cord, see boss here
C. R. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary St.
BOY wanted to help In. bake shop. Call at 70
Third <t.
GENERAL tailor. 103S Valencia st. ,„ -
GOOD night dishwasher to assist on range.
. Call early. 1330'Tnrk st. ' ...
WANTED — Coatmaker to work Inside., 701
Geary st.
GOOD waiter or waitress, $5 to $6 per week;
good place. 1507 Market st, near Eleventh.
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay st. ,
FOR SALE— Three-chair barber shop. 14 Turk
street _^ *
CATHOLIC man ffor grocery store; one with
old country experience; wages $25 and board.
Box 620. Call office. x ¦'' .-;.; .
ELDERLY man to help sell fruit off of wagon:
$15 per month and found. 128 Henry; call be-
tween 12:30 and ip.m, . p
BARBERS—- The '•¦ finest • 6-chalr ' outfit on the
coast; to be sold at great sacrifice as a whole
or .In parts. STOLTZ. 630 Market st.
A— GOOD 'tinner wanted by WIESTER & CO.,
22 Second fit, S. F.
BOY wanted for jewelry store; state reference.
.Box 626, Call offlce. ¦ .
FIRST-CLASS chief cock; must have reference.
Box 623, Call offlce.
WANTED — GooU solicitor for something new.
Apply 873 San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C2i Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts.
BOY wanted for drug store. Apply 542 Halght
: street. " . . - ¦ ,
BARBER shop with baths, good location, city,
for sale; price $250. Box 614. Call. . v - ¦- ¦ _;
BOY, drive wagon, help grocery and bar; wages
$3 per week. Box. 613, Call.
BOY- and aclrl : hustlers ' during vacation; can
.earn good salaries. Box. 609, Call. . - " •
BARBERS— 3-qhalr shop for sale. 215 O'Far-
rellst. ¦¦..:..•.• , ¦:..'¦:".¦¦...
MEN ' wanted ; to learn barber ; trade; - only - re-'
. quires six to eight. weeks;, day and evening
class; special • Inducements this* season: ;only
¦ Institution In the world teaching this trade;
map of ' city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free.' ¦ MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
_ ___ __¦_ ;•¦¦., . ¦ -,,,¦•¦;-;
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics ¦ to know
' that Ed Rolkln.'Reno House proprietor, still
.-'• runs Denver : House. ¦ 217 -Third st. -Jf ISO ¦ large
rooms; 25c ; per night; $l'to$2 per ~eek.
WANTED— Agent: ¦ evpry ¦ household ¦ needs It:
big money. TOMINSKI, 210 Eddy st; call
.between 11: and 12.'. .-
.WANTED— 2 and ' 4 horse '-" ; teamsters; apply
" early Monday; at C27 l«th st,. near. Guerrero.
.'Ban Francisco Construction. Company.
GET your, shoes half-soied while waiting, 25c to
60c.\ D62: Mission st... bet." list and 2d sts. .
BAILORS, " ordinary seamen and ; green- hands;
- all : parts ! of world. ¦ HERMAN'S, ¦ 26 : Steuart. •
MAN > or I boy! to 'do Janitor work for tuition at
;,r,8an Francisco Barber School.-, 741A Howard et.-
GENTLEMEN'S suits to "order. $1 per week, at
. cash ! prices. '¦ JC. Y. Tailoring . Co.. < 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO." D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 1«
— — — years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WANTED— Waitress. Hotel Repeller, 781 But-
ter st. . ' • ¦ '
GOOD chocolate dipper; steady wages, $7 60
per week. Box 2664. Call office.
ASSISTANT clerk, flrst-class country hotel, $30
to $75, tee party here. tJBSa BM — BM
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary »-
GIRL for light housework. 1312 Buchanan st,
between Eddy and Ellis.
GIRL to do seneral houjework; S ¦ In family;
$15. 729 Golden Gate ave.
OFFICE boy. who writes a good hand and con
answer telephone, fcr this offlce. $3 50 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO......... ....104 Gear}' st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework;
wages $10. 1628 Buchanan st.
OPERATORS wanted on Rhirts and overalls:
Inexperienced taught. 410^ Mission st.
CHEF and crew, country hotel. $100. $60, $30,
$40; baker and pantry cook. J6O; crew for com-
mercial hotel, country, $75, $30 and $33r-*ead
waiter, summer hotel. $00.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary st
CUTTER— Ladies' and Infants' wear: state ex-
perience; references. B. BROS, box 622. Call.
GIRL wanted to do general housework. Call
304 Steiner st. near Halght.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORT, cor. Gough
DRIED fruit facers: long Job; piece work.
Apply at Terminal 'Warehouse. 632 Townsend
St., Immediately for registration.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
14 Montgomery street.
PARK BUILDING LOTS.
Ninth ave., E. line, bet. H and I sts.. Sanset
district— Four lots, as a whole or separately.
This location is rapidly Improving and becoming
desirable residence property; adjacent to Golden
Gate Park and handy to two car lines; lota 23x
120 each. is«_W •"Vi^Mi
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Thirteenth st.. a line, near Guerrero— Two
choice building lots, _ix3O each.
SOUTHSIDE INVESTMENT.
247 Perry sc. SE. line. bet. Fourth and Fifth—
Two-story house of 7 rooms; rent $14 per month;
street accepted; let 20zS0.
SOUTHSIDE INVESTMENT.
245 and 245% Perry St.. SE. line. bet. Fourth,
and Fifth— Double house of S rooms each; rent*
$24 per month; street accepted; lot 30_S0.
POTRERO INVESTMENT.
122 and 124 Utah St.. bet. Alamed— and Fif-
teenths — Improvements consist *_¦ 2 frame dwell-
ings of 5 rooms each; rents $17 per month; lot
122_102 (Irregular). , •
SPECULATORS. ATTENTION!
Outside Lands block 715— This desirable offer-
ing, only one block from the park; 240x800.
CLAT-ST. INVESTMENT.
1115 Clay st., S. line, near Mason— Improve-
ments consist of 5 tenements; rents $34 per
month; street accepted: lot 40x46.
MISSION HOME. "
136 Clinton park. bet. Thirteenth and Four-
teenth. Guerrero and Dolores sts.— Twa-story
bny- window house ot 10 room, and bath; lot
2Sx73.
MISSION HOME.
9 Peart st.. bet. Market and Thirteenth, Va-
lencia and Guerrero sts.— Two-story dwelling ot
6 rooms and bath; rent $20 p«r month; brick
foundation, etc. : Jot 23xS0.
CHOICE RESIDENCE NEAR PARK.
1.0 Lyon Bt. E. line, near Page— Modern resi-
dence. 11 rooms and bath: concrete foundation,
cement walk; street accepted: lot 23x31:2.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
2413 Washington St.. a line, near Webster—
Modern residence. II rooms' and bath, «alon par-
lors, etc.; rent $S_M per month; brick founda-
tion; cement walk; street bltumlnized and ac-
cepted; lot 26x117 :8^».
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and stiver bought:
send postal. COLEMAN'S, 50* Kearny »t.
G D MORSE, photographer. 2606 Pacific ave..'
between Pierce and Scott: phone Steiner 3331.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothtnjrbousht anl
sold. Slive— -ac. OT4 Folsom. tel. Folsom 1131.
~\ PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE^ToarTkodaics free; phcto supplies. Backus
studio. 11 Geary st.. ground and top floors.
PIIYSICUAXS A~O SURGEONS.
£jT~C C. O'DONNELL—Office and residence.
10*1*4 Market rt.. bet. Plxth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY KOB SALE.
G. H. L'MBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
At our Salesroom. MOM DAT. June 23. 1900. at
12 o'clock, noon.
REFEREE SALE. _•¦
The following piece of property, by order of
Henry P. Umbsen. sole referee (subject by con-
firmation by the court: ¦_ _
3 H-aft 5 Central dace, oft S. line of Pine St..
necr Kearny: Improvements consist of_ 2 dwell-
ings; rents $30 ver month; lot 33:6x38:7.
GREEX-ST. RESIDENCE.
2.'C3 Green st.. S. line, near Scott — Elegant
modern residence, consisting of double parlors,
dining room, butler's pantry, billiard room and
several bedracms; rented at $^0 per monta;
heating apparatus, complete; brick foundation,
etc.; let 27:6x137:6.
SUTTER-ST. RESTDF.:NC_
1812 Sutter st..' N. line, near Buchanan— Bay-
window residence. 12 rooms and bath, laundry,
etc * brick foundation, etone walk; street ac-
cepted; lot 3l:4Vixl37:6; bank mortgage of JSCOO
at 6V4 i>er cent -can remain.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHHAD. 710 Market st.
WILL PAY cash for old sealskins. Box 4313.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
e
ONE 4-slded sticker- 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 210 T*r~oont.
SAFES— New nnd second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1W-1U Market st. San Fran.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN .SAKE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento sf.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar proof *afe. 216 California it-
A NEW Standard T-pewrfter: latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $2 GO.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. J5 Stockton *t.
A FINE suit, $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery it
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar, proof safe: ch^ar*. 42 Main st.
3 blacksmiths for railroad camp. $3 a day.
free fare; blacksmith and tool sharpener. 13 a
day; blacksmith's helper. R. R. camp, $2 SO a
day, free fare: 2 blacksmiths, country. $4 f »;
blacksmith's helper, $30; 2 machine hands,
mine, $3 a day: 6 miners, $2 50 a day; 6 farm-
ers, fare COc, $1 25 a day and board ; farmer,
run mower, $1 25 day and board; 2 farmers,
same ranch, $20 and fare paid; 20 quarry men,-
$2 25 a day; man about place, $23; milkers, $30
and $25; gardener and wife. $X0
.HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 head cooks, country hotel, $70. $90 and $100: 2
R. R. camp cooks. $60; baker and pastry cook,
country hotel, $50; baker and assist on ranse,
$50; third cook, springs. $30; third cook, ho-
tel, $35; second cook, country hotel. $40: frying
cook, restaurant. $43; French second cook,
springs. $40; second bnker, ?40: 20 "dishwashers
and kitchen hands, $25 and $30
2 waiters, same springs, $30; waiter, springs.
$_>: 6 waiters, different country hotels, $30; 4
¦waiters. $25; 2 pantry men, $30 and $35, coun-
try hotel; 4 hotel porters, $20 and J25; lroner,
hotel laundry.' country, $35 and fare.
C. R.' HANSEN & CO....... 104 Geary Et.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beaie.
LADY'S hat trunk for traveling, $12 50. Port-
land Loan Offlce, 23 Stockton st.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced price.
$75: concert records. $1 EO. Bacigaiupl. »33 Mkt.
_„_ tljtr - - . . ¦ ¦------.-
A YOTJXG 9»»AC*i- years old. from the Yukon,
wants a roo*--w*f»» a quiet home; age must
be from-C to 1 *); f«nd of music; must be re-
Hpectabfc. Send pKeto and address to 613
Howard' at ' ' . .' ________
AHLBORN Rouse. 313 to 3^ Grant a.ve.— Lead-
Ing Germtta- American hotel of San Francisco;
$1 per da>\.up; finest meals In city, 25c. m
RAG carpet* intfe to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove^tugs. silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
¦ rateg. GEO. MATTHEWS. 70i> Fifth. Oakland.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
850- Market st.. second floor, room 37.
$2 £0 MEN'S shoes for $1 oO a pair at the Be*
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market st. near Thlrd.
IF you go to LEDERER'S
You are sure ot haying
Your hair dress e_ correctly.
The very latest hair styles, 23c
Lederer's Qulntonica Hair Tonic, 3Sfi.
Lederer** Foamo Shampoo only 5c package.
Lcderer's Hair Store. 123 Stockton st.
ACADEMT for the new science of healing 1
without operations: before you undergo aa
operation give us a call: consultation free.
DR. WM. SCHMITT. 527 Post St.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St.. near Market: 70O rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $4 per week;
free 'bU3 and baggage to and from the ferry.
USE LIUie Webb's soap, made from olive oils,
roots and herbs: 10c at drusrglsts: agents
wanted. 14 Grant ave.. Robertson & Co.. a to 4.
AS elegant suit for $13 73 from Imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market st.
between Seventh and Eighth.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
rott's Curling Fluid; 25c bottle: druggists.
FOR SALE or exchange— 110 shares Sutro Rail-
road stock. G. GRIMWOOD. 2121 Warring St..
Berkeley.
6HP. gasoline marine eneine complete: almoet
new; cheap. II. S. WHITE, 516-518-E20 Mission.
FOR SALE— A quantity of brick, half brick,
granite, sandstone and marble. Cor. Second
and Bryant or 1121 Vermont St.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlce furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 2* hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth: write for cataloirue.
!»EUisO.\ALS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st.
MISCELLAAKOUS— KOIl SALK.
300 TO 500 acres green pasture, clover and wild
Erarsee mixed, for horses or cattle. For
terms applr>A- B. FULLER. Antloch. Cal.
PASTURAGE.
MME. Neergaard. P— ». St Germain College ot
Palmistry; reads 1 to S. «18 Geary, nr. Jones.
H JEROME FOSSELLI. pclentlflc palmist *-»
Taylor n.. bet. Oeary A Post: phone Black 56—
I'ALMISTUY
LARGE stores and gunny offices near Hall oC
Justice. Court block. BABIN. 413 Kearny st.
HELP WANTED-FEMALB.
...................SANTA CRUZ. 1 ...........
4 flrst-class chambermaids, $20 ; ; 6 waitresses.
$20. all for Santa Cruz,- see party here at »
a. m. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
MARY FULLERTON, pantry s^l, call or send
address Immediately. ¦ C R. HANSEN & CO.
4 WAITRESSES," flrst-class city hotels. $20; 6
waitresses for flrst-class commercial hateis,
$23; 8 waitresses, springs and summer resorts.
•$20; 2 chambermaids, summer resorts, $20; i
chambermaids, summer .resort, near city,
$17 50; woman . cook, country restaurant, *ij.
fare here; 3 other cooks, $30 to $3j; woman
for plain washing, resort. $30, fare _paia,
woman to wash dishes, small resort, $&>......
...........FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
House girl, small American family. Belve-
dere. $25, see party here to-day; woman witn a
child to go to Palo Alto to-day, $lo. no objec-
tion to two children, $10; good plain qook, no
housework, plain wash. $25; cook, Grass A al-
ley. .$25: German or Swedish girl. Alameila,
$20. small family; cook. San Mateo County.
$25! others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WOMAN to cook for 7 campers, see party here
bet. 10 and ' 11. C. R. HAN-EN & CO.. 104 .
Geary, st. ¦ 'S-:'-~: ¦..'¦*-••-' ¦ '
WANTED— 4 flrst-class Protestant second girls,
city and country. *20 and $23; 2 girls, general
housework, for farmers. $25; g* rl VA ,,,?n?r
eral housework. Alameda, $25; West Oakland,
$25: Glen Ellen, $25: Belvedere, $25; San K>
f_el, $30; Belmont. $25; Menlo Park, $-5.
Emerald Bay. $25; 6 flrst-claes Ironers, plain
and fancy work. $23 and $30; German nurse.
$20; eean.stress and second girl, $20, and a
large number of girls for general houseworK.
city, $20. $26 and $30. Apply to J. F. CKus-
ETT. 316 Sutter Bt. - .. ¦ . '•.'¦':
WANTED— 2 waUresses, same place, nice coun-
try resort, fare paid. $20;- waitress for nice
summer hotel, go to-day, $25; waitress, short
distance, resort, $20; chambermaid and w* 1 ;:
rese, resort, «20; ¦ waitress for restaurant, $8
week; 2 chambermaids and ¦traitresses, city,
nice boarding houses, $20. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT. 316 Butter St.
A WAITRESS, Napa, $20; 2 chambermaids to
wait one meal, - Mill Valley. $20 each ; flrst-
class waitress, resort. $25, fare paid; wa tress,
St.* Helena. $20; chambermaid and waitress.
• small hotel, Sonoma, $20. MISS CULLEN. 32o
Sutter at. -
GERMAN/cook, Institution across the bay, $30; ;
also German! chambermaid and waitress,
same place. $20. MIS3 CULLEN, 32a Sutter.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls 1 at -LEV1
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 22^ Fremont et,
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVI3. .
WANTED — Stenographer having typewriter, to
exchange care *of offlce fOr free rent .and
nominal salary In leading offlce building.
Address box 63S. Call office. ¦
WANTED— Girl' for- light- housework; plain
cooking; wages $15; good home. Apply after
9 a. m., 1529 Clay st
WANTED— A refined and educated woman of
good appearance; must be past 25 and com-
petent. Box G43. Call office.
GOOD plain cook; no housework. Apply MRS.
O'SHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont sts., after
12 o'clock. •
STEADY work, good pay, for ladies' neckwear
hands. BAUER BROS. CO.-. 21 Sanaome st.
RELIABLE girl for housework and cooking In
family of adults. 1106 Fulton st. .--' :
IRONERS and operators. National Laundry.
¦ 411 Sanchez st.
GIUL to learn bookbinding. R. I. WHELAN &
CO.. 42-44 Steuart st.
WANTED— Experienced apprentices on coats.
535 California St., room 7.
WANTED— Competent infant's nurse: refer-
ences required. Call after 12, 914 Page Bt
• WANTED— Bright, energetic lady to travel fof
wholesale house. S. S., box 642, Call offlce.
GOOD talloress on coats. Call early, 62S Mont-
gomery St., top floor, room 27.
WAITRESS wanted for Sundays at Children's
Play Ground. Park.
GIRL to wait at table and help In
kitchen restaurant 258 First st. :
FANCY ironers; steady work; good pay; early
hours. Occidental Hotel Laundry.
NEAT respectable girl for light housework.
Call after 9. 812 Ellis st. ¦¦^¦^-
YOUNG girl to assist with housework and chil-
dren. 3348 Twenty-second St., nr. Valencia.
YOUNG girl: general housework and plain
cooking. 511 Cole St.. opposite Chutes.
HT3LP WANTED M\t,T_.
WANTED— rfeoru Its for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied.* un-
. married men, of good charaater, between the
ages of 21 anil 33 years I not less than ft feet
4 inches and hot over 6 feet 1 inch in height i
must be citizens of the United Htates or per-
eonti who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizen*; able to read. Writs
and speak English -properly. For farther In-
formation apply ht the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st, Ban Francisco, Cal., or
630 K st, -acramento, Cal.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received «t Call branch office. 2200 Flllmoro st
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has "been established at 1096 Va-
lencia' st. ' ". -¦
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon*, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Hor»e Market.
817 Sixth »_; auction sal?s every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLF. Auctioneers.
HOIISKS, LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sal*
5ILSICAL 1!»8TRP31E~TS.
YOU save $10) by buying one of the fine Iarr»
walnut upright pianos offered by oa < tot • $1£
nntll July IS stool an_ cover included. MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
DURING the next few days while trade is
icutposed to be q-l«t, wo shall mark down the
nrfcoa of all pianos! save money by purchi?-
K piano now. MAUVAIS MUSiC CO.. 769
Market st. ; _
PIANOS at cost: owing to the dull sea*on novr
upcn ua we are accumulating a targe stock of
rental pianos; there, together with a number
~or samples sent us from factory, will bo
closed out regar_I«s» of profit; a better op-
portunity ha« never been offered: terms -err
K. BEKJ. CUP.TAZ & SO*. 1« O*Far-
rell st. .
AS we represent the best make of pianos la
every grade, from Btetnway down to low-
priced makes, and a» our Installment pay-
ments are easier than tho*» of other dealer*,
we are the people from whom yoa should
purchase: new upright pianos. $» cash. $S per
I month: other pianos $3. $4 and $0 per month.
I 6IIERMAN. CLAY * CO.. Stein wayDealere.
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Franciaco.
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest h~os»
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
2«. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st: pianos, organ* and
all other musical instruments of all grade*
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy t_»
customer. _________—__——-
BARGAINS— A few pianos will be sold this
week for storage; offers wanted (cash or ln-
BtallroentiO. Wllson'a Storage Co.. 1710 — trkt.
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. SCHMITA 1»
McAllister st. next Hlbernla Ba*-'-.
W. O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent tor'
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
¦ OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
HELP WASTED- MALE.
MURRAY & READT . . . . . . . . . .Phono Main E843
Lea-Ing "Employment -and Labor ; Agents. '
.....WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY..... ••
COO men for railroad work, reconstruction and
new work on following divisions: Dunsmulr,
Shasta, Truckee, Etata of Nevada, Salt Lake,-
fiacramento. Western, -¦ and all Coast divisions
of California, Santa Barbara. Los Angeles.
We ship you: on all above divisions free fare
and office fee (1, no other expenses.
........AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE..
TO S3 BAWMtLLS, ETC....
...NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
E63 men for 60 different Jobs, from laboreiw to
run machines, wages fronj $2G to Jio per
month and found a.........
AUo lumber pliers, bark peelers, |40 and
found; crosscut eawyera, Jackscrewers, band
sawyers, Screw turners, gang edgermen. In
fact,* we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc., |80, ?75, $90, 1120, $60,
$50, $10, $30 and found; BSi woodchoppere, tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines,.
«. $2 GO, $2, $1 jo, $1 and 7ic cord; shingle
Joiner, shingle packer: 25 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare paid, SiO and found
CO laborers, handy with hatchet," to build flume
......».:......, ......JSO. $35. IV) and found
..HABTMAKING AND HARVEST CREWS..
Header, wagon drivers. J2 a day and found;
- 2S2 men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work
in fields, header men, etc.. $1 25, $1 60, $2 day
and found; come and see...... :
....STABLES, VINEYARDS, ORCHARDS... .
;4.'.:.-.7.T;:.-.,.....t..GARDENS ..: —
16 stablemen, city and country jobs, J40, J33,
$30, $25. and found
129 vineyard and orchard hands, $35, $30, $20
.and found: 5 gardeners. 1 stableman, all for
Private families. $30, $25, $20 and found; bug-
gy washer, ¦ $50; come and see
.......DAIRIES, CHEESE FACTORIES.
59 milkers for different places, $33, 130 and
found;: 5 butter makers and run separators,
boss bere. $35 and found; 6 cheesemakers, dif-
ferent jobs, $33 and $40 and found...
..MEN AND BOYS TO CUT FRUIT AND..
...BERRY PICKERS ..:....
60 boys and men to cut fruit, no experience
required, piece work, can make good wages
Also 150 Berry Pickers
SPECIAL "
stableman, private place, $25 and found; milk
wagon driver, $35 and room
4 machine miners ..' $90
MECHANICAL HELP
. Carpenter, sawmill company., $40 and found,
faro paid; ranch carpenter; cooper, $3 day:
cooper to make butter kegs;, 18 black-
smiths and horaeshoers, $2 50. $60, $70, 5»a and
$30 and found
S. P. R. R.— DIFFERENT DIVISIONS....
Free fare". ,.. Offlce fee $1
Section and reconstruction and new work
laborers; you'll suit; regular wages............
60 laborers. S. P. R. R . $2 day, free fare
..SPECIAL NOTICE.. MINES.. BIG WAGES..
35 laborers for mines, no experience required;
you'll suit, 140 to SIS per month and found; 23
miners, single hand .'SO and $73
Cruwds going to gold mines
For a new mine
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 SO, $34 and
found; 6 men and ¦wives for ranches, $40, $35,
$30 and found
.....Read these carefully
265 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco, $3,
$2 50. $2. $1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
home ¦ •
For other positions come down and read
billboards.
1 12 single-handed miners, fare $2 50. $C0
and found
Coal Miners Hard Rockmen Drillers
Rockmen Hammersmen, $2 25 day
MURRAY & READ Y> 634-638 Clay Bt
A— LAUNDRY CANDYM AKERS . . . .COOKS
. Candymaker, country $40
Laundryman. Institution $35 and found
Chef cook, mine boarding house
$D0 to $60 and found
camp waiters ........$25 and $20
second baker .' $40 and found
18 cooks. $35. $40. $45 and $60 and found ;
butchers. $35 and $30; cooks for ranches and
hay press. ?30 and found; first and second
bakers. $50 and $35, fare paid; bakers and
helpers, $30 and J84O and found; boy for bak-
er}*. $20 and found; cook and wife. $50 and
found; waiters, bakery, cafe, hotels and re-
eorts, $30, $35 and $40 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
ASSISTANT bookkeeper, stenographer and
typewriter, large- company. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-63C Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. ..104 GEARY ST>
200 teamsters and laborers $2 a day
new railroad for State of Nevada
uhlp dally ..fee $1 Free Fare
200 men for coast road $2 a day
ship daily.. fee $1 Free Fare
200 laborers ...S. P. C. work $2 a day
ship daily fee $1 Free Fare
CO men, R. R. work, Shasta Co $1 75 a day
ship to-day... ...fee $1 Free Fare
23 4-horse teamsters, L. A. D.iv....$2 25 a day
ship to-day fee $1..... Free Fare
Irack gang Moorpark $2 a day up
ship to-day-*. fee tl Free Fare
four men to build fenqe R. R. Co., $2 25 a
day, free fare
UHOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs McCurran, Minn
C H Ellison,- Amador
S Crandall, L Ang
E T Wright, Los Ang
E A EHsworth, Frawly
Company
rt S Brown, Petaluma
E J Randall, Concord
Mrs J B<3arnett. Wil
lows
Miss G Garnett, Wil
lows
C E Glldden, Slssofis
W T Miller, Red Bluff
F Hendricks, Red Bluff
F F Williamson, Ti
coma
Dr A X. Tibbetts. Peta
L I Stock & w, Cal
J A Cronkhite, L Ang
C B Klaus & w.Soattle
J E- Selkirk, Detroit
L E Allen. Ariz
H B Bell. Cal
S G Rosenthal. Wash
Mrs O Messner S Rosa
II C Searly & w. Cal
J P Merrill, USA
Dr J M Blodsrett. Lodl
H Franks, Honolulu
H W Chase, Honolulu
C J Ellis. HUo
G S McKenzle. Napa -
E E Crandell & w. Cal
H n Aitken. Ariz
F H Undermann, Cal
Misn M Laughlin.Hono
Miss E C Zimmerman,
Honolulu
H Smith, Honolulu
F D Greaney." Honolulu
W Ettlen, Mont
G M Hardenbrook, Cal
R L Wlllard & w. Colo
W F. Price, Santa Rosa
R M Saeltzer, Redding
A T Wishon. Vlsalia
W H Hammond, Vlsalia
F Dulmaine, Vlsalia
C G Williamson, Ta
coma
Mrs Hunt, Oakland
B Brooks & w, Cal
J F Blissinsr & w. Cal
J Dawson. Cal
Mrs W J Loring.Angels
W H Holcomb. 8 Diego
R Lansen, Stockton
B O Hart & w. Reno
B T Harrxw. Cal
Dr F L Savage, Cal
E Seawell, Santa Rosa
J Gardner. -Brooklyn
H F Kron. Bta Cruz
T Masco & w, Oakland
A H Vachell. S Jose
Mrs L, M Hart, L Ang
J R Case, ganger
Mrs W C Price. Pasa
dena — ¦'¦
3 H Llnd. Ariz
F W Weiss. PortJand
C Bryan. Portland I
C E Seymour, dal, s
G W Price. Davisvflie
Mrs J C Barrow, Cal .
N Black. & w. Ventura^
PALACE HOTEL.
O*C Clark, Sacto
Gus Muller. N Y
G WMlllams. San Jose
II M Merriman. USA
G McCullough, Mo
H.C McPlke. Oakland
M S Niswander. SSDro
J Feng, Portland
Mrs M Watson, Detrot
Mrs WE McCord.Wst
Superior
Miss E J McCord.West
Superior
F E Short, Fresno
G E Babcock.Coronado
H Reldeman, Germany
Prince D Kawanama
koa
'Col %V ' Cornwall, Hnlu
J D Hoet, Honolulu
J H Wise, Honolulu
H H Sinclair. Redlnds
II • L«ea, Stanford
F S Morse. N Y
A Jackson. IjOS An
A K Furnam, S Lake
W More & wf. Tesla
Mrs E Kittrldge. Oakl
\V H Crowe & wf, Cal
S Culin. Philadelphia-
AV P Wardorp. Chlceo
F Sandeland. Riversde
J W Sandeland &
Riverside
J H Sparour, Portlnd
W M Oraham. Los An
G R Whltcomb, S Paul
C H Lymbergr, N T
J E Kelly. N T
J F Dunne & wf. Cal
F F Baldwin & wife.
Honolulu
J Player, Topeka
R P Ackerson, Topeka
Q W Smith, Albuquer
S J Johnson & w.Ohlo
W F Caldwell. Chicgo
K Lord. Philadelphia
R C Wilson. Mexico
J B Strauss & w. Chg
F E Campbell & wf,
Arizona
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E Siedon, San Jose
W E Sen«enbaugh. Ky
S G Pliunley. Byron -
J Finnerty, Martinez
H Hansen, Cal
J E Hoska. Reno
H C Bromley. Missouri
J R Fenton. I»s Ang
T IJursh, Iowa 1
Mrs Seyde & daughter,
Honolulu
W Baxter. Seattle
G R Gorman. Stockton
R S Miller, Merced
C Patterson. Cincinnati
N S Clark & w. Chlcag
M P Dtmpsey, Chgo
Miriam F. and Charles E. Bancroft to David
T. Francoeur, lot on S line of Green street, fi6:6
E of Scott, E 27 by S 127:6; also right o£,way
over K E line of Scott street, 127:6 S of Crreen.
E 110:6 by S 10; $10.
Sarah E. and Harlow P. Bancroft to same,
lot on S line of Green street, 83:6 E of Scott.
E 27 by S 127:6; also right of way over E line
of Scott street, 127:6 S of Green. E 110:6 by S
10; $10.
Timothy L..Dalley to Annie A. Lynch, lot on
SE corner of Pacific and Powell streets.. E 22:6
by S 67:6; gift. ¦
William and Clothilda Lippert to Emlllo D.
Mania and Maria O. Ramano. lot on E line of
Salmon street. 77:6 N of Pacific. N 20 by E 60;
W0
' Martha A. Kittle to Robert S. Moore, lot on
S corner of Second street and Dows place, SE
110:6 by S\V 171; $5. I
Estate of Nicholas G. Kittle (by Martha A.
Kittle, fl-uste*) to fame, came; $12,000.
Robert J. Hrtncock to Elizabeth Hancock, un
divided one-half of lot on SE line of Mission
street. 125 NE of Fourth. NE 50 by 6E 100; $10.
. Mary E. Anthony .(Andrews), wife of J. A..
to Qeorge T". Andrews, lot commencing S3 SW
from W corner of Zoe and Brannan streets, SW
40 by XW SO; Rift.
George T. Andrews to Nettle P. Andrews,
same; gift.
Thomas H. B. and Ruth C. Hull to James
D. Phelan. let en SE line of Market street,
100:01,4 NE of Seventh, NE S0:0H by 8E 165; $10.
Elizabeth Hancock to Robert J. Hancock, un
divided one-half oi lot on 8\V line of Sixth
street, 120 N\V of Howard. N\V 45 by SW 75:
$10.
Pan Francisco Land Company to John F. Un
derwood, lot on E line of Eleventh avenue, 100
N of California street. E 120 by N 25; $10.
John J. and Mary A. Walsh to Henry S.
Bridge, loflsn NW corner of Forty-third avenue
and V street. N 100 by W 2I:«: $10.
Mnry Miles (wife of William) to William
Miles, lots 6 and 7. block 224, lot 12, block 225,
a» per map of portions of blocks 224 and 225
filed In 1 maps 202; gift. • - >
William Miles to Rosa. V. Morblo <wlfe of P.
A.), lot on SE corner of Forty-fifth avenue and
Ckment street. S 23 by E 120; $10.
Marie Lloyd Swain to Simon and Meyer Lerer,
lot on E line of Roscoe street. 75 S of Benton.
S 60 by E 70. lots 57 ami 59. Holiday map A; $10.
Charles J. Wesson to Gertrude H. Wesson,
lot on NW corner of San Bruno .road and Ward
street. W 143:7, N 175:10, E 163:11. S 155:»H. lots
1 to S, block 1, Paul Reservation Homestead; $L
Alameda County.
Emily B. Hopkins to Alameda Water Com
pany (a corporation), real prpperty and pipe
lines, etc.. in Contra Costa County, quitclaim
deed; $1000.
Jacques and Mary Jarret to Ruffine Frisou,
lot 22. map of Cotter Tract, Oakland; $10.
Oakland Bank of Savings to J. H. T. Watkin-.
son, lots 1 to S. block A, and that portion of lot
7 in block A which lies within lot 2 ln part A,
Bowman Tract; also lots 1 to 8. 21 to 24, 26 to
¦ 2S S3 and 46, block B, Fairview Tract; also
lots 1, 2, 3, 11. 12. 13, 23 to 32, block C, same;
also lots 4 to 10, 17, 20, 21, 26, 2S. 23 to 38, block
I), same, Oakland Township, quttclaim deed;
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Charles E.
Lyon, lot on W line of San Pablo avenue. 50 S
of Grayson street, S 50 by W 100. being lots 2
and 3. block 17S. Grayson Tract. Berkeley ;$a.
Elizabeth J. Martin to Edward D. and Eliza
beth A Bassett, lots 1 and 2, block A. Fruitvale
Etatlon Tract, Brooklyn Township r $10. '
Fied a and Carolyn L. G. Mayhew to D.
B Parker, lot on N line of East Twenty-sev
enth street (or Huff avenue) at SW corner of
lands of H. H. Lawrence, thence NE 62:11.
E 108, S 61:6, W 102 to be&innlngf, Brooklyn
D^B. and Mattie Parker to L. A. Stephen
son' same. Brooklyn Township: $10. •
Charles R Noland to Sarah I. Horner. lot on
N lino of Saunders street, 60 W of Carpentler,
W 1' by V 125 being a portion of lot J, block
80 ¦ Town of San Leandro, Eden Township; $10.
Johann Hansen to Jose S. B. Machado, lot on
S lino of East street, 2.37 chains from NW
corner of two-acre tract of J. P. Furel. by
deed of October 9, 1884; thence NW 4.22 chains,
PE 2 37 chains, NE 4.22 chains, NW 2.S7 chains
to beginning. Eden Township; $200.
Mary. A. Ledgett (wife of Thomas) to John
W. Ledjiett. lot on S line of Fourth street, 100
W of Castro, W 50 by S 100, being lots 12 and
13 block 25. Oakland; gift.
Robert F. .and Ida M. Rodgers to Thomas
P Evans, lot 25, block B, Amended Map J.
W. Crawford Tract, Oakland; $10.
Mary A. McMahon to Charlas H. Hussey,
lot on N line of Jones street, 477 :3H E of 8an
Pablo avenue, E 40, N 104 : 8, -W 40, S 101: 11%
to beginning, belne a portion of lots 11 and
12, Jones Tract, Oakland; $10.
J H. and Anna Fiege to Daniel Dwyer, lot
on SE line of Piedmont avenue, 60 SW of Oak
avenue. SW 60 by SE 125. being lot 11 and'
a portion of lot 12. on map of. subdivision 'lota
2. 3, 4 and 42. Glen Echo Tract Map 2, Oak
land; $10. ' ¦
Delia Schnutenhaus to Max C. H. Schnuten
haus, lot on N line of Thirty-third (or Nolan)
street, 416 W of Market. W 50 by N 100, being
lot 23. block P. Map of Property Central Land
Company. Oakland; $500.'
Olof and Amelia I. Carlson to Colman and
Ella Mulkerns, lot on E line of Campbell
street. T5 S of Thirteenth. S 25 by E 110 being
lot 22. block 726-B, Oakland; $1100.
John F. Relf to Katherlna Retf. lot on SW
line of Central avenue, 75 NW of Fourth ave
nue. NW 100, SW 150. SE 75, NE 60, SE 25
NE 100 to beginning, block 29, Clinton, East
Oakland; gift.
Joreph L. Woods to G. W. and Margaret J.
Hull, lot on NE corner of Ashby avenue and
Lorlna street. E 60 by N 100, being lot 1 and W
10 feet lot 2. block D, Adeline Tract, Berkeley;
$36C0. " . -¦¦
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 21, 1900.
15
UEAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
POOtK-MOr)KIlN 3-room housTln cJioice location
». K. al l cr * 1 ' ncar fierce. 1 block from
!" 1? n: fiRSs h«Hl with marble step*.
Tti t? eei " T TO. 3 wood mantels. harU-fln-
.ie<i baserr.pr.t. ctr-.; term? cne-fourth cash,
Uanre t.,& monthly. F. NKLSOX, builder.
i!OpEK.V hcuses and flats built at lowest
prices: pl»m and estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBiXU 1147 Mission sf_
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY— -For Sale
yi~>Tl SALE — Oood-piying investment; country
!:^tel; rented at tV>. For -particulars appiy at
ccrr.er Kddy ::n»i Taylor tt>.
ittMiMs ron holsi:ki:kpi\g.
EIGHTH. "4B. nrar Mnrkct-One or two eunny
bfdrfK.ms with kitchen, furnished for house-
tff^-pinc; bath; private family.
ELLIS, CO— 2 small sunny furnished housekeep-
tng rooms, in rear; rent JS.
EDDT. 917— Very desirable furnished hnuse-
: fctfping rooms: no chilJrcn: private residence.
FRANKLIN", 516 — Sunny oonr.« > c-tinsr rooms; (ras
and bafh; suitable for housekeeping.
FOLSOM, .TTfiVi— 2 neatly furnished connecting
housekeeping rooms; als=o 1 single room.
GEARY, Sl> — Housekcepinp suite; Bun ail day;
also tour:sts aeooir.modalf-d.
OOLDEN* GATK a.\c, C3t— Lovely parlor floor,
hriusc-keciiing. family adults; piano; gas; bath.
HARKISOJC. V4t— F'urr.iEhed rooms ior house-
keeping: also elnsle rooms.
LAHKIX. lOOi. near Post-Newly furnished
sunny room;-; light housekpfr. ; small rrr.s. : $4.
MARTHA place. 4. off Geary, bet. Mason and
Taylor— $10; 2 furnisnsd housekeeping rooms.
IIINN'A. MS— A large sunny room complete
for houyf keeping : |S.
UIS5IOX. S43— Xice front room and kitchen;
complete for housekeeping. * *
HOSS. 1J, off Howard, near Seventh— 2 rooms,
f«:rr.it,hed comj/Iete for housekeepinfr.
165. near Fourth— Parlor and kitchen,
fttrr.iEt-.fr! for houprkeer'n?-
SIXTH, 120—Two r.lcciy furnished housekeep-
ing rgems., w;th stove*.
eiXTH. <*o— 2 front bay-ivlndow bausekeeplne
suites. <jpur)i« arc j E i r .gie rooms; bath. •
EIXTKEXTH. hc-1. cor. Howard— Bunny front
rooin for light housekeeping; tt
VAX .NESS ave.. 10T1— Sunny suite with, kltch-
er. ; ea » rarge; bath; *25.
CL.VSSIFIE1) advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. C00 Fillmore st.
A BTtA«ccn effice for Call advertisements an<3
subscriptions has been established at 1M6 Va-
lencia St ,..%-¦": .- ?¦¦ ¦¦-¦
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission et.,
tel. Main 1S1O— Packing, moving and Btorage.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Oom-
P»ny. ;z?o Fillmore st.: phone Jackson Ml.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
11250 'WILL bo lid modern house of 5 rooms and
bath, with lot C3xK>0 tone only) ; $300 cash, 120
l.er month. J. II. YOUNG. BuUder. 1243. Park.
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure; bargains: one-fifth cash; bal-
ance in 1. 2, 2 cr 4 years. Alameda Savings
Hank.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GOOD trn-room house on corner lot: 1 block
from university; price J4M0. O. O. MAT &
CO.. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS;
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
J50 CAFII. J6 monthly— Chicken ' run of 50x256
feet: unfinished new cottage. 2 room*; chicken
yard: all fenced; price all told $375; more land
can be had cheap; soil, climate and water ex-
cellent: away from cold winds and fogs: irrand
view; near a M-foot-wide boulevard and elec-
tric car Hnf ; not far from fine, 3-story school-
hou«=e: Is building up fast; 4 houses already
pane up on the place: 'Westall Tract, adjoin-
ing Uit.-: Oakland; call cr s«nd for circular.
43j Seventh Et., near Broadway. Oakland.
HENRY Z. JONES, Owner.
WANTED— Read this: Want an S-room house
in East Oakland or elsewhere; will give $1000
cash arid a good property consisting of an S-
room flat worth tZOW. all clear. Apply to AL-
DEX CO.. 1US Broadway.
BLOCK 64. mutt be sold, near 23d ave.. 17th St..
Kart Oakland: a rare chance for a block pur-
cha«?r. SAMUEL SWIFT. 1112 East S!x-
teer.th «t.. F>«t Oakland. ¦
OAKLAXD FUUXITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Sehellhaas. the
PROPOSALS.
ROOMS TO LET Knrn. and I'nlnrn.
A- BRUNSWICK HOU?Ei m Sixth— Rooms
The to 11 p*r r.i«;ht, tl to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all right.
AN elegant sunny Fuite for grentlenien; $35
Address box »19. Call office.
IjAP.TLETT. 1C2. near 22d— Sunny front alcove
mom, with board; h-it and cold water.
liL'RNETT. 1<:S Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
r.ish rrn«.. cuitea. Ftngle; also unfurnished.
EIGHTH. 25S— Unfurnished rooms, single or
fuite, H or up; new sanitary plumbln*.
FOLSOM, E20. near Fourth— Furnished rooms. *1
r*r week. ; - '_„.
FOLSOM. ?C, cor. Cth CThe Oliver)— Xewly fur-
r.'.b^ed tuner ro^ms. tingle or suites; reasonbl.
FC'URTH, t^.hi— Nicely furnished bay-window
*r.d ».:.;>- rooms; moderate; quiet. \
'CHART, 4C5 ( Tee Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
roce-.g; mites cr tingle: travelers acco' dated.
GOLDEN GATR ave.. 727— Nicely furnished
front room; bath; gentleman; private; reas.
GRAND SOUTHERN, ecutfjeast corner Seventh
and M'.Mion ill fllllllij rooms, en suite or
sir.de; ladles' parlor; reading" room; elevator.
HARIirsOX. 7S1S. r.r. Fourth— Finely furnished
sur.ry rooms; bath; all conveniences; home-
I'.ke; Jl week up.
OiOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single: tren-
tler.t; baths. MRS. -KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, 95S. cor. Cth-Nicely furnished sunay
roos-.s reasonable ; by day, week or month.
illNNA. £67. cor. EU:hih— New furnished bay-
window room, tl per week; transient.
Ml. c . c ION. «;k-Kocms, elngle or en eulte; also
housekeeping.
XATOMA. 411. near Fifth— First class sunny
treni rooms to let; furnished; private fam-
ily. J
NOB HUl-To l*t. 2 r.ire'.y furnished room?: i
mo4»rate terms; private family. Apply at S2S j
California ML. below- PoweM. [
Ci'FARIiELL. 2Q— Etnrr furnished rooms and
office*; eievatcr; e:ectrie lights; day, wk.. mo.
rGWELL. Ill — LUrht, clean rrne.. suites or sin- J
Cle; transient; i-ucninc water: rates reduced, j
TiOOM 5'jitabie for. two gentlemen; gas and)
bath: JS. 1104 McAllister s=t.
J2OSEDALE House. 313 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to %l: week, tl 25 to 14; open night.
hoYAL HOUSE, rt Ellis it.— Incandescent j
light, reading rcom, tracking room and ladles'
parlor: rooms, per night. 35c to Jl 50: weeV t2
to &: month f? to J20; elevator on office floor;
rocrr.s with hot and cold water; baths. j
PHKKMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st_, |
rsvr liarket— Furnlshfd and unfurnished.
"IHE OAKS, 11* Third— A «rood rooming house
for gooA people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
CHIRTF.EXTH: £2T4. above GuerTero-lArg"! I
furn. rc-om for lady: <^11 bet. 4 and 7 p. m. !
»i i:»u j;«; — Furnished room, suitable for gen-
V.f-maT.; tZ per month.
1 WEN'TV-THIRD. 2726. near Dolores— 4 rooms,
comf crtable ; rice and neat.
CLASSIFIED advert isercents and subscriptions
rewiv^-d at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BP.ASCH effl>* for Call advertisements and !
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- '
ROOMS A\D BOARD.
CALIFORNIA. £?7 — An excellent opportunity to
frf-cure csrticularly desirable accom. at mod-
*?t rates: special rafs families: eunny nn»..
en rutte cr single: best table in r<an Francisco.
ilAP.KKT. IMMk (Hotel Robinson)— Furn. rms..
with Srst -class board: double. II 1 ) Trk. ; sinifle.
f2£ tr.o.: modern; elevator: table beard, $4 wk. ;
rr.ea.'f. 85c. MRS. M. C. ROBIXSON. Prop.
THE BRADBURY, 16^4 Catircrcla— New modern
family hotel; excellent table; 100 beautifully
fumlsLed rooms; moderate: phone Hyde 277L
TWENTY-SIXTH. 2377. cear Mission— Nicely
furnished sunny rooms, with or without
board, at very reasonable prices.
LAS PALMAS. :^3 Market st.— Suit* of 2 or J
rrnf.r privn?*-: bath: sin. rra*. : board optional.
ROOMS A\O BOARD WANTED.
¦\VANTRD— By a gentleman and his mother,
furnished rorns with board for «ne. Address,
ftatir.jr terms, box C2t, Call office.
GENT w!ints~rocm and partial board: private
family: ftat/> unn*. Box M4, Call office.
SPECIAxT XOTICES.
LADIES— Chichef ter's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the b**?t: safe, reliable; take no other;
K?n<1 <c trtamrw: for particulars. "Relief for
I^a^ies " ln letter by return msll; at drug-
KtetSL. Chi^hfrtor Chemical Co., Philadel., Pa.
1. "MS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
; *:nt!n«- <Jon*. Ilartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tcr.ar.ts ejected fcr $»: collections ma3e;
' y cr cruntry. PACIFIC COLLECTION
11 <!5 Mcr.'rcrnerr rt.. nwnn 8-10: tel. 6SS0.
i>TvIde\d notices.
I ¦ ntTnOTICK;— Mutual Savinsrs Bank of
i r t-. Francisro. « Fcst ft,, for the half
••;.- trllng June 35. 19C0, a dividend has
>«s <V r e(J at the rate of three (S) per cent
r*r stmow on all 6'i>r>fitf. fr-e of taxes, pay- j
0 and after Monday, July 2. 1500.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
I r-'rTr.N"D~nr.rir^— D!\-ldend Xa 108 rnfty
»r !t pp r chare* «f the Oresnlc Steamship
' • ¦will bn pityable at the office of the
'•!.., cr.y C27 \T»rk«-t «t.. on anJ after MOX-
I'AV. July 2 1&0O. Transfer hooks will clo»<;
' ¦• :¦- :.-. June 26. 1S«». at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. H. SIICLDO.V. gecr^tary.
DIVIDHND notice— San" Francisco Savings i
Union. X21 California St.. corner Webb— For
the fc&jf j-rar ending xrith the 30th of June. .
1XH. r. tflvldpnd has been declarM at the rate ]
; '¦: cr.r.um of three and ylx-ter.ths (3 «-10) per I
ernt on term iez>neitm nnd throe (Z) per cent
on ordinary deposits, 'rrv of taxes, payable
cr. and after MONDAY July 2. 1&00.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.^
DIVIDEND nctlc*— The German and
Loan Korirty. E2S California St.— For the half
year endlrig with June SO. 1S0O. a dividend has
hr^n declared ot the rate of three and one-
half Ott) prr c^nt per annum on all deposit*,
free of tares, payable em ani j after MONDAY.
-luiy 2. 1*00. OEO: TOITJIN'T. Srcretery.
EEWI ,VcPl»iACiir\ES~A> r D SfFFLIBsT
ALL kinds bcurht. sold and repairing Ruaran-
teed. Cha». PlAmbeck. 1S15 Mission, nr. 15th.
RENTED. reralr#d. hought. sold; machine sup-
rlies. Star.flard Ac<-acy. IC »h: phone Mint <S.
ALL klrds boticbt. acid. *xirrmnred. rented;
r«>r»lring at lowest rat*«. g"5 Fourth st.
ffriiwuiTmts am> m;i'i*lik««.
CHFAT BAROATN8 W 7N r TrTPiEWRFrEir5— \Va
*ell better rascMnes fcr less money than any
bouse In the city; rentals. $J. The Typewriter
£xch&sx«. IZ6 Ca:ircrs:a. teJcphor.ft Mala 2tl
I BIDS WANTED— Notice is hereby given that
I cealed proposals will be received by the Board
I of Directors cf the Veterans" Home of Call-
i fcrnia. at its efflce. room 13, SCO Sanscme st
j Fan Francisco, Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a. m
SATURDAY. June 23. 1900. end opened im-
mediately thereafter ln the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Kapa County, Cal. (railroad
ttaticn Yountville), for elx months commeno-
Irg Ju'.y 1. 1SO0. and ending December 31. 1900.
Schedules -with information and Instruction*
for submitting bids will ba furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it
{ Is in accordance with e'jch schedules. ¦ Each
bidder must accompany hi* bid with a certl-
f!ed check upon come well-known and re-
Eponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent cf the amount of his bid. payable to C.
i Mason Klnne. treasurer, conditioned that the
I bidder will enter Into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves th« right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
cf Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, !20 Saniome st.. 8an Fran-
elfco, Cal. Ey order of the Board cf Direc-
t')rs. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for State Prison supplies— Dids
wllJ be received by the State Board of Prison
Directors at Ean Quentln. up to the hour
of 10:39 a. m. of July 7. 1900, for supplying
the State PriEon at Ban Quentln with coal
for the ensuing fiscal year. A certified check
equal to 10 per cent of the bid. payable to the
president cf the board, must accompany each
b!d. Schedules and conditions to be had on
application to the clerk.
R. M. FITZGERALD. President
J V. TCLLI<5. Clerk.
KLAHBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
William G. Fanning, IS, 1480 Church street,
and Margaret M. Fallmer, 23, 14*0 Church Ft.
Anton P. I'riarte, 14. 11.T0B Pacific street, and
Concepcion Velarca. IS. 1<W Bernard street. .
Jam»s Gaeton. 81. 37^2 Klghteenth stre«t. and
Eva B. gymon. 21. 3TS2 Eighteenth Btreet.
Arthur C. Knowles. 31. 317 Eddy street, and
Emma S. Cook, 37, S17 Eddy street.
Theodore Miller. ZZ. J4 Sixth street, and Ella
M. Miller. EL 342 Thirteenth street.
H. Holiday McCltntock. 2T, St. Nirholas
Hotel, and Anna H. Nelson. 2«, 5O4B Baker st.
Clement F. Butile. 27. 2425 Harrison street,
and Lucretla H. Remington. 26. 1M1 Howard st.
Edward D. VoseleesanB. 37, Fresno, and
Eleanor C. Toomey. 22. Vinalla.
Peter Asp. 32. Portland, Or., and Helen Lu-
now, is, Portland, Or.
William B. Cookson, 21, city, and Jessie H.
Gillies. l«. city. .
W. Harry French. 3f>. Denver. Colo., and
Marg-uerite'E. Norrington.' 22. S67S Seventeenth.
Frank V. McAvoy, 31. Floriston, Nevada
County, and Nannie M. Edwards, 30, Sewlck-
ley. Pa.
BIRTHS— M&BRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall wilt «ot be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with, the name and residence of per-
isons authorised to have the same published.
BORN.
FAWCETT— In this city. June 1$, 1S09, to the
wife cf G?orge H. Fawcctt. a son.
LUBLINER— In this city. June 1?. 1900, to the
wife of C. W. Lubllner. a eon.
TOPPING— In Alameda, June 19. 1900, to the
vtfe of W. W. Topping, a daughter.
MAKBIED.
•ALBRKCHT- ADDISON— In this city, June 17,
ISM, at Central M. E. (ihurch, by th» Rev.
F. D. Hutsinriiller, Reinhold Albrecht and
Evelyn M. A«ldison. both of San Francisco.
BRAMAX— HEESE— In this city. June 20. 1900,
by the ftev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Harry
J. Bramisri of Colorado City, Colo., and Ellen
5f. r.f-ete of Shi3ta. Cal.
JEN§EX— McVICCTRS— In this city. June 17.
l>Xi. by the Rev. O. t.roonsbera;, Jens J. Jen-
sen and busan McViccurs.
LANCASTER— McGAUGH— In this city. June
?0, 190% by the R*v. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Walter Frederick Lancaster and iiertha May
McGaugK. both of Pan Francisco.
McAVOY— EDWARDS— In this city, June 20,
1'XjO. by the Rev. S. D. Hutslnpiller. Frank
V McAvoy of Floriston. Cal.. and Nannie
M. Edwards of Bewlckley, Pa.
McCLINTOCK— NFLSON— In this city, June 20,
1900. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, H.
Hjlliclay McCllntock and Annie H. Nelson,
both of Fan Francisco.
OPPENHEIM — PHILLIPPS — In Petaluma,
June 17 1*X). by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Her-
man Oppenheim and Hada rhlllipps of Peta-
SCOKNFELnER— MEGGEE— In this city. June
tn, l%0. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Herman Schoenfelder and Etta Meggee, both
of Fan Franciscr.
Ahlbern. Henry ¦ Lawlor. John M.
Anderren. Julius AV. Leonard, Edward J.
B<»11, Geor»te H. L>-nch, Johanna ¦
Brian. Mary MeGlnnis, Edward
Burkhardt. Anna MeGinnls, Mary
Corbett. Sarah J. - McGuire. William
Daly. Jerome G. Mr-Henry. .Maurice
Doran. David O. McNamara. John B.
Evenlirxr. Frederick Melcher, Edward O.
Godt, Klmer E. Methen. Jacob »
. Gray, Ellen Middlcton. Jessie R.
Handmann. Clemen- Itaiid. Philip W.
Una J. ¦ • JScctt, William A.
Hircal, Mary Smith. Sarah A.
Jones. Mary S - Pwecney. John E.
Kendall. Frank H. Treadwetl. Arthur
Kltterman. Hannah Von Loesecke. Arthur
Krueger. William • Weber, Elizabeth
AHLBORN— In this city. June 20. 1900,' Henry
Ahlivrn. beloved husband of Teresa Ahlborn,
father ijf Albert and Charles AhJborn. and
brother of the late Charles. Wllhelm and Au-
gust Ahlborn. a native of Lengern, Hanover,
Germany aired G6 years and 6 months.
irTRcmalr.! 1 st the parlors of H. P. Peter-
?en & r,o.. 228 McAllister street.
ANDERSEN— In Berkeley, June 19. 1S00, Julius
William, dearly beloved eon of Ewd. and
Marcareta Andersen, brother of Lillle E. and
Charles F Kraeer. and grandson of Elisabeth
Nopfx-ri A -native of San Francisco, ased 16
vears 11 months and 15 days.
KTTriends and acquaintances are respeet-
' fuP*' in\ited to attend the funeral to-morrow
Ir-'rirf-vi at I o'clock, from the residence of
h'K TOrert*. 1532 Dwi B ht way. Berkeley. Cal.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
BELL - Killed In Manila, May 23. Georg*
h Bf 11 beloved son of the late JoneDh and
xf.rVli-11 and brother of Mrs. M. Turner.
»}?. k S«r** Mrs. E. Johnson and John.
Frtnk. EdWard and Florence Bell, aged 24
3mA>:-In this city. June 29. 1900. Mary Brian,
"early helovwl wife of Bose Brian, a native of
X<*w Zealand.
In this city, June 20, ©00. Anna,
dearly belied wife of George Burkhardt and
?nX-l rrcther of George. Albert. Robert, Wal-
t°r. K«Wd Frank. Amelia and Nettle- Bark-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
' <£UC^^Hl!V F %^VA & N^ M rr herV
riTNEB^L DIRECTORS A.ND EMBALMERS.
10 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
TICKET OFFICE, 628 Market St.
JUNE .2/ and 22.
Santa Fe Route
Chicago
Exeupsion
¦>ptrim rinrio cennn;
IrACino stttsm.)
Trains !*»«• ni»il nr* «in«» !• arrlf • M
man ri:*M«'iNC'<*.
(Vain Una. Foot of Market Stre«t)
lkavs — raoM Mat IX 190a — «UW
•7:00* Benfda. Boisan, EU&ira, TseavlQsw
Rumi-j ind M»crira«crn *?i43»
•7iOO» Shiata KxsrtM-U»»l» WtUIamsflbt
BirtieU Spticp). WlUsws, KSd
Bluff, Fortisint *7t43»
•7iSo i Martinez. 3sn U»moi». Vtliejo. Napa^
<*U«ti»t»n.lS»ot» Ko«» *8il3r
•SiOAa DaiU, Weodlaad. KnighU L»adlDr.
.M»rT»»'il". <<ro»i:ie. *7i«|
•SiOOa AUantia Kiprets- Og-leu aad East 'llHSs
•BiSttASati Jin;, LlTtratura. HtuekbHt,
Ion-. Haerawaata. Pl»crr»UI«.
UuinCK Chleo. K*d IUuIT Miiar
•«i30a O»*.!*'-, CMn— (tor Yossmltsk
Suaora. Carters. Mtltr
•B:0f)4 nsjwtnls, Nll«s»sd Wsj HUtlons. MIiUa
•9:00a Ix» Antfsles Express — Mtrtlnei.
Ttkcy. Xatbrop. ntoektoD. Mcroed
• ndrrsiirto •«»«»»
•!);:ini Vaiirjo, Matt!n«s »u<l Way Station* t »:l1r
•IO:no« The Ot«Uh4 I.I »i:?<t~Ojdeo, Dts-
tct. Omsha. (;h:<a»i > *3il3r
•1I:OS)A Nil-s. lir«rni«rn, Sioektoa. 3mcr»-
rarnf Mcndcta. llanford, Vtoalla,
Foruwfill* ««il9p
•13:00* Ujjwr r>!i. Nile* and ST»y SUtlout. *t:43r
tl:««p Sicr»iu«ut.> Klt»r t.«n»n fSiOS*.
•3i»Or II tyntrU. Nile* aod W»y Hlattom. ••»:*.¦>»
•4:««r Uartiun. haw lUiuoti, V'*ll«jo.
N.kp». • f «::<f.'iji». h*iiu >"«•• **iISs
MiOOp llinici*. Whium. HaotsmsMo.
WctMllaud. Kni.hU jAodtfa,
MBrjuTtllv, DruiiilK *1«:««4
•4i*«r Nile* Man J.«o»«d Stockton *7il*f
•3iO«rTbe Owl Uinltad— Traer. Freiao.
li»ker»i>l<!. Mait|iu far Santa Bar-
bara. !.<>¦ Angelca '•i«3»
•3j00t rnsu« ruMngcr— Mtrtlncs. Lmth.
rop,' Stock ton. M»e«il, Benada
(IUyoiODd for YMsmi'o). frxno.. M?t!«r
*3i30pKs« >le»at Eipnu-lukirCalit.
H«iit» iUrb.r. Ias AngeUa. Dem-
lug.' El Fmo. He* Ort»«ii« awl
But •••«»
•SiSOr Niiilt tm Itmita— Atlantic EtpraM
fnrMojttte sml Rant m *ii*t
•«t«9p Haywvda, Nllaa and *+n Jwi *7i43a
f«:O»r V*lle]r> i 'lailSr .
•SiOOp OrienUj . Mall— Ogtlen. Cbejeaoa,
Oitiaha, Cbicagd •tli4«*
•€i«0r Orlenul Jlali-Ojdeo. Denter.
¦ Omsaa. Chicago- NiUf
|7iO0p Vall-Jo, Port t'oib and Way Sta-
Uuua ..., I»i33r
••iO3r Orvgini snd Callfnruis KtpreM.Mae-
Ii4tiieiiti>, Mari«»lli». IrptMIng,
t > mtl».»t !•¦¦«.» >w.mmJ a.»l K—t «1»a
11) AST limsMIH |Narmn ti»»f).
(fpftcf »»r!crt <tregt.l , •
t7t43* Kani* Crux Kzeurtion tor Haota
Cruz an<l i'riurlfal Wai SUilons :»iO3r
•Si I A* Newark. Oni^r<iilr..Man .Inn, KHton.
Iti>!i!'ler('t*-ek.Hai:>a(;rnxaf:il \V»»
Htath.iis., ••it«f
t*il5r Nswaik 4>i>teT*tUo. Pan .1 ,m. N»w
Ahnn-i.ni. rrltun. lt,.iil,l^r Creak.
Santa l.'rux an-1 I'rinolpal Wai * • *
SmUimis,..: t ••:»••
•ItlSp K<>TSrlr. Han Ant*. !.o» Gatmi •••.¦»•»
•lilSr Clernroot Fe:t<iti. Hania Cm* «A:S*A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSU fa»»asM_ f«t tf JtiWt Strut (Si* t)—
•7:U 9:00 - )] 00«.H. H:C3 # 2:03 I3:M "
M:C8 ' t5:C3 # l:53f.-. '
tlMiOlIUID— fMt«rir«t4.ij.— -b.00 8:00 10 00».».
112:03 *1":33 Hi] --'3:53 |t:00 •8.03p.m.
COAST IMT1SIIH (llrii»iHian?o).
___^ (Thlr.1 niid Towrrmn.t SU) .
t«<l»« <J««x» Vlav. Soiilb rwn Knbdsco.. )«»*••
t?:OU* Smu Jmi »...! Xt»f ,stiii.l..i.« (New
A'..a.Un WcWwlajtrmlf) •!«»•»
t7:3O» Snnday Exennion f r «»a Jew,
MinU Cruz. fad9e Gro»* sad
rrindtva! Way Station* XStSS* -
••too* Matt ....... Trn> Iti.i*. M»nt« rruz. . ,
r«rlf:c Crota. ['*.%•< It iiile«, Man
l.uii • i)Ul*|ni, Hiitf. Lompoc ami
.< l'lit.clj.J VV.y Sutl....« *«:l»r
*l«ttrt4 8*11 Jua* >>¦.! Waf Mealioiw *«l33a
•ll::s»« itauJnM.LoaGataa-amtWai^tatlmie *3<3sr
t«r«»rlbii Matxi. .tt-iiwi-ixl. Mei.lo Park,
1'alu AIM. Sft:it»l.'i.i<a. Sail .lino.
Tret Pinos. HauU Ctm, Ssltaaa
Umstrif inii I'aciflc Orot»...... |IOt38a
t«i3»r Nan Jowai.il W* f si.tlo, *?i3* rc
tl:l-V- S*n Jo.-nn.l rrt'icirml » ./ .sr.tUl... •tttlSa '
)3:«BrS»:s Jo*#. Loi Gstos snd Priadpal
W.r.SUtlonv. 13:011* ¦
•3>3Or ."!»¦: Ji.n ami Prlnelpal Waj Statioas t <:.H a
1 «:3»r5«i..In.M.I Way Htatimia 4*i«r>«
tUH.Ir Saw Jwtn.l War -H«ti.ma 1t**r
A for Muruinc ' . P for Atlanta**.
•DsJlT. tnmnUvsserpteA I jjund»r obI».
k H.i:nr<1tr only. *
• SkSuxdur snd Sscdar. e SoaiUa aa4 M aatijm. '
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
W ABASH
NIAGARA FALLS SflORT LINE
FROM
Chicago, Kansas City and St. Louis
to
New York and New England Points.
Finest thiouxh train service, with pollts and
eoorteoiu employes. Stop-off allowed at Um
Fall*. BOM G. CLIMB. P. O P. Ajrt..
\ - . Zaoe AAgeica. Cak
C 8. CBJLNE. a F Alt..
, , .i\___ 8U.Loal«, Ma. .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS S0ENI0 RAILWAY
Leave Ean Francisco via Sausalito Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and S:13 p. m.
SUNDAYS. ....8. 9,:iO. U a. m.. 1:30. V.V\ p. m.
Fare Ean Francisco to Summit and return, $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN. \
CALIFORNIA NORTH WESTE3N BY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlftoron Ferry, Foot ot Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO BxH RAFAEL.
¦WEEK DATS- 7:30. 9:00. U:00 a. m.: 13:».
1:30. 5:10, •:» p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:10 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 d. m.
SUKDAYB-t.OO. 9:10. 11:00 a. m.j 1:30. 3:30.
8:00. i:30 p.- m.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. T:M. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:43,
I MO. 5:15 p. m, Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:£5 and 1:15 v. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, t:40. ll:lt a. m.1 X:40. 1:40*
E:05. 1:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and SchusUen Park
sam« icheduls as abovt.
Lear* J In Effect. I Arrtw
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1*00.1 Ban Franclseow
Week I tun- J I Bun- 1 Wee*
Pays. I flays, f Destination.! flays. | Days.
7 :«0 ara 1 :00 s m Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pin »:3Ostn 'Pstaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 ara
1:10 pm 5.00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:JS pm 6:20 pa
Fulton. • ¦
T:M am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburr-
Lytton.
GeyaervllH.
1:8) pm 1:0* •mf Clovsrdals. 7:SS pm <:X0pm
T:SO ami 1 Kopland I |10:'5 am
l:»0 pm| »r00 amf an4 Uklah. | T:t5 pm| 6:20 pm
ft > am ' 10:25 an
1:00 am Onerneville. 7:21 pm
S:S0pmJ - • I:W pta
T:V> am IM ami Sonoma' 1:15 am 8:44 am
I snd ; ¦ •'
6:10 pm 8:00 pra| Qien EH«n. 8:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami S:00 ami [10:40 amllO:25 am
t:SO prn| 5:d0 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Xtark West
Strings and Whlta Sulphur Springs; at Fultca
for AJtruria: at- Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Oeyservllle for Pkages Spring's: at Cloverdals
for the Geysers: at Hopland for * Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, 8cda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Spring's; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Rprtngs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Sprlncs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter: Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. lierley*s. Backnell's,
Banhedrtn Heights, Hullville, Orrs Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragr. West-
port, U«sl, ' Wllllts, Laytonvine, Cummtns.
Bell s Sprinrs.'.- Harris, Olsen's, . Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday > to Monday - round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On ¦ Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
TfeSft of flees. 650 Market st.. Chronicle bid*
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Paes. A seat.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA CITTEKS. THE
great Mexican y remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, S23 Market.
y^ /^i. I>r. Gibbon's JQispensary,
&>fi5»M <i2r>IiEAEJ( * •*• Kjtabllshed
S£H%»3& ln I" 3 * *°r the treatment of Private
Mft./jfh-gWT Diseases. Loat Manhood ¦ Debility or
MfflEsftBEa disease rearing on body andmlnd and
w%S^5«ga sxin Diseosra. Thedociorcureawheu
"thorn fail. Try him. Chi-.r?f?iox
8«ySnSyBsCnrc«rnRt-7tn!r<>1, Callorwrita
Cfr. J. *'• u MUitX, Box 1957. Sj,n Fraaclsco
SPECIAL
AND
Chicago I Return.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
Tickets on sale June 21st and 22d at General
Office, 617 Market st. Sleeplns Car Reservation
Charts now open. R.:R. RITCHIE,
NORTHWESTERN LINE.
GenTAet. Pap. Coast.
Via Sausallto Ferry. ¦
i . . Commencing April 22, 1900.
f TIl0M BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL V ALLS'*
AND 8AN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. •8:30, 9:30. . U;00 a. m.1
12145, »IA5, 3:13. 4:13. «5:15. «:15, 1:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:C0 and 11:33 p. m.
• SUNDAYS— 7:00. •S:W. »J:00, «10:00. UiOO. U:J»
a. m.; 12:45. •1:30. 2:30. »3:45. 5:00. 1:00,' 7 M
p. m.
- 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Xtafael Sua-
clays. •.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5.-35. 'l:W, 7:30. HMO. »10:U a.
m.; 12:3!>. 1:15. 2: JS, 'ZiVi. 4:M. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *t:43 and -10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-* :1S.'»S:W. »J:50. •ll:C9a.-m.:
m.; l:C0. 2:15. "1:33. 4:30. 'SMS. 1:43, 7:30. MJ»
p. m.
Trains, marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN'CISCOl
WEEK DAYS-6-.53. 1:43. *:00. 1:55. W:J9 ».
m.; 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:30. 4:80. S:20 n. m.
EXTRA T*UP3 on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at ?:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 5:35. S:CS. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.: U:li
1-20 2:30.: 3:4$. 4:55. 8:15. 7:05. 18:30 p. m.
" THROUGH TRAIXa .
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazaderu and war sta-
tions. . . ' . "- - .
3:15 p. '. tn. . Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 n. ' m. . weekdays (Saturdays exceptedj—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00; a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and. way sta-
12:45 p. ra- Sundays— Point Reyes aad way
stations.. .
RORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
hardt, Mrs. A. C. Ledeme and Mrs. A. D.
Cameron, a native of ¦ Gwersdorf, Hanover,
Germany, aged 58 years 11 months and 2 days.
IC^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late'resl-
dence. 220 -Thirteenth street, between Mis-
sion and Howard. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, via electric funeral car from Four-
teenth and Mission streets at 2 o'clock.
CORBETT— In this city, June 18. 1300. Sarah
J., wife cf John Corbett, a native of Ohio,
esed 65 years and 28 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1014 Lombard street, thence to St.
Brlgld's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock, thence by train from Fourth and
Townsend streets to Holy Cross Cemetery.
DALY— In this city. June 19. 1900. Jerome G.
Daly, a native of San Francisco, aged 33
year3 and 4 months.
EyFuneral this day (Thursday).* at 9:30
o'clock, from the parlors of the United Under-
takers, 27 and 23 Fifth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DORAN— In this city. June .20. 1900. David G..
beloved eon of the late William and Cather-
ine Doran, and beloved brother of Frank K.,
John R., Theresa L. and Richard L. Doran,
Mrs. J. Watson, Mrs. J. J. McLaughlin and
Mrs. William Maxwell, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
EVERDING— In this city. June 19. 1900. Fred-
erick W. Everdlng, beloved father of Mrs. W.
H. Green, Mrs. W. T. Atkinson and Adolph,
Etta and William Everding, a native of Ger-
many, ased 6S years.
(CTThe funeral' services will take place
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of his daughter. Mrs. W. H. Green, 252
Frederick street. Interment private.
GODT— In this city. Elmer E. Godt, beloved
child of Anna Godt. a native of California.
aged 8 months.
GRAY-In this city, June 19, 1900, Ellen Gray,
beloved tister of Susan Gray, a native of
Coun'y Armagh, Ireland, aged 84 years and 9
months. A member of the Third Order of St.
Francis.
(ETFriends are respectfully invited to at-
terd the funeral this day (Thursday), at
S:30 o'clock, from his late residence, 1124 Fol-
fora street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass, will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
Rowers.
HANDMANN— In this city, June 20. 1900, Clem-
entina Josephine Handrnann. a native ot Ger-
many.
HIREAL-In this city, June 20. 1900. Mary
Hlreal, beloved mother of Mrs. Peter Mc-
Laughlin and the late John Logue, a native
of County Donegal, Ireland, aged SI years.^.
JONES-In this city. June 19, 1900, Mary»S.
Janes, mother of Mrs. A. F. Morrison and
William D. and Paul JJ. Jones, a native of
Wales, aged 69 years 8 months and 16 days.
(U* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. A. F. Morrison,
1003 Min.-ia street, thence to Flret Baptist
Church. Eddy street, near Jones, at 2 o'clock.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
KEN-DA LL— In this city. June 20. 1900. Frank
H., beloved husband of Etta C. Kendall, and
brother of Herbert Kendall, a jiatlve of
Maine, aged 51 years.
KITTERMAN— In this city. June 19. 1900, Han-
nah Kittcrman, beloved wife of James Kltter-
man. mother of James, Edward, George, Mrs.
Mattie Smith and the late Minnie Kltterman,
daughter of Bridget and the late Owen Gor-
man, and sister of Mrs. P. A. Buckley. Mrs.
Uridset Herst and Edward, Michael, Owen,
Patrick and James Gorman, a native of Lu-
can. County Dublin, Ireland, aged 4* years.
ET'Friends and acquaintances ar> respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), from her late residence. 532 Lom-
bard street, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KRUEGER— In this city. June 20. 1900. Wil-
liam Krueg-er, a native of Germany, aged 60
¦ years.
LAWLOR-In this city, June 17, 1900, John
Martin Lawlnr, father of John W. and Lillle
J. Lawlor. a native of Albany. N. Y., aged 69
years. ,
(n^F"uneraI services to-morrow (Friday), at
2 o'clock, at St. Mary's Church, corner' Cali-
fornia and Dupor.t streets. Interment private,
in Mount Calvary Cemetery-
LEONARD— In Los Angeles. June IS. 1900, Ed-
ward J., beloved brother of Maggie Leonard,
and nephew of Mrs. Theresa Kenny of San
Franrlsco, a native of Dublin, Ireland, aged
21 years.
LYNCH— In rtiis city. June 20, 1900. Johanna,
beloved wife of Jeremiah Lynch, and mother
of Thomas Lynch and Mrs. John Kelleher, a
native of the parish of Kllgarven, County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 72 years 3 months and 3
days.
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
§ (Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son, Thomas Lynch, 152S Sanchez
street, thence to Rt. Paul's Church, where a
requiem mas? will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cress Cemetery.
MrGIN'NIS— In this city, Edward and Mary
MoGtnnts. An anniversary soletrin requiem
hl^h mass will b» celebrated to-morrow (Fri-
day), at 9 o'clock, at St. Peter's Church, cor-
ner Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invlteu to attend.
McGUIRE— In San Lorenzo. June 19, 1300.' "Wil-
liam McGuire. beloved father of Mrs. Patrick
Sutrrue, and brother of John McGulre, a na-
tive of the parish of Lesserew, County Fer-
managh, Ireland, aged 66 years.
(ETKriends anil acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from his
late residence at San Lorenzo this day (Thurs-
day), at 10 o'clock. A solemn requiem high*
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 11 o'clock. Interment Haywards.
McHENRY— In this city. June 20. 1500. Maurlc<<
beloved husband of Annie MeHenrv. and
brother of George McIIenry and Mrs. D. Mul-
lin, a native of the parish of Eagle, County
Derry. Ireland, aged 64 years.
McNAMARA— In this city, June 19, 1900, at the
residence of hl» parents, 1C20 Alabama street.
John B. McNamara, dearly beloved and only
son of William and Elisabeth MeNamaraT and
beloved brother of Theresa and Clara Mc-
Namara, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years fi months and 19 days.
CT'The funeral fn\\\ take place this day
(Thursday), at II o'clock, from the residence
of hl« parents, 1020 Alabama atreet. near
Twenty-third. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
MELCHER— In Los Gatos, June 19, 1900, Ed-
ward O. Melcher, beloved father of Eunls S.
and Edward J. Melcher. a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged !"¦<¦- years 8 months and 10 days.
(Lynn. Maes., papers, please «copy.)
C7"Fri*nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
METHEN— In this city, June 18, 1900. Jacob,
beloved husband of Sarah Methen, and father
of E. Allen, Mrs. L. Corcoran and Mrs. E.
Howell, a native of Germany, aged 69 years.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2 Simpson place, off First street. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
MIDDLETON— In East Oakland. June 17, 1900.
Jessie Rennle Middlaton. beloved mother of
John and James Mlddleton and Mrs. A. Camp-
bell, a native of Arbroth. Scotland, aged €2
years 4 months and 23 days.
{TTFuneral strictly private.
RAND^-In this city, June 20, 1900. Philip W..
beloved husband of Nellie Rand, beloved son
of Mary Rand, and brother of John Rand, a
native of Holyoke, Mass., aged 30 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, J8 Shipley street, Xhence to St.
Patrick's Church, where services. will be held
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SCOTT— In San Rafael, June 20, 1900, William
A., son of the late Rev. W. A. Scott. D.D.,
LL.D., a native of New Orleans, aged 67
years.
(EX Funeral services will be held at St.
John's Presbyterian Church, corner Oetavia
and California streets, this day (Thursday),
at 2:30 o'clock. Interment private.
SMITH-In Oakland. June 20, 1900, Sarah A.,
wife cf Frederick B. Smith, and mother of
Ernest S. Smith of Haywards, a native of
England, aged S3 years.
£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the fu-
neral parlors of Albert Brown, 46S Thirteenth
Ftrect, Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
SWEENEY— In this city, June 20, 1S00, John
E.. beloved husband of Jennie Sweeney, son
of John and Mary Sweeney, and brother of
Peter. Mamie. Annie, Marguerite, Joseph and
•the. late Katie Sweeney, a native of San
Francisco, ased 21 years. •
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respeci-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
J the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth Ftreet, thence to Kt. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
TREADWELL- In this city, June IS, 1900, Ar-
thur, beloved son of James W. and Mary
Treadwell. and brother of Mary, Mercy, Ruth,
Horace, Elizabeth, Amelia and Joseph Tread-
well, a native of New Zealand, a*ed 29 years.
(Sonoma and New Zealand papers please,
copy.) •
CJrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2*29 Minslon street, near Twenty-first.
Interment private. Mount Olivet Cemetery. ¦
VON LOESECKE— In Oakland.' June IS." 1900,
Arthur von Loesecke, father ; of Adella von
Loesecke, eon of Percy von Loeseckt, and
brother of Mrs. Grace Beckar, Mrs. Adela .
Klein and Mrs. Alma Buckow, aged 42 years
2 months and 7 days. •
(rjrThe ' funeral will take place this day
at. 10 o'clock, from 863 Clay street.
Oakland. . Jnterment private. ' • ¦¦-;.,. ¦*¦ -
WEBER— In this city, June 19, 1900, Elisabeth
Weber, dearly beloved wife of Gustave Weber,
a native cf New York, aged 22 years 9 months
and 7 days. , . .
- (cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully^- Invited to attend the . funeral" this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1522 Tenth avenue south, ' South San
Francisco. Interment Masonic • Cemetery. - ¦:.¦¦
CARD OP THANKS.
Mr. Henry Hcilman and family wish to ex-
press their heartfelt thanks to the friends
and neighbors who eo kindly assisted them tn
the recent sickness and death of their beloved
daughter. ' MR. and MRS. H. HOLLMAN.
Vic*
an rrancisco
. ; ¦...-* - -
1 1 1 'M"M,.;»i. i. m-i. 1 ¦:¦¦:¦ i-4"i»4-.4"'r"i"t":-: ¦:¦ !¦:¦ mi i-m : :**r : : r : m-i-h i i-'h-: i i i i i : r 1 1 n
*J5 *JS *J! H mwP^^^^^w '^^B ffl^ KJS £§ *^» HBi thB 4^ *^ 4^
i-i-h-m 1 ¦:¦:¦¦: i :^^a¦^^^;¦^I-x^^:^^^^:¦I^^^4^^^•^^:^^^'^I^^^^^I^^I^¦I^^I^^^^I¦I^^I^¦^^'I^^t^^•^^^I'i r i ¦: i : i ; i : i m : iiimih
Sunday, July 1st,
OVERLAND STOCKTON fresno and
BAKERSFIELD
at 9 a. m. at 4:15 p. m. at 8 p. m.
628 ? Tln , CTnccint0 (Market-Street
v llui\tl UrrluCw ¦. i
Market Street V I Ferry DeootT. J. Blakeney, superintendent of the
local life-saving ¦ service, announces that
the salaries of surfmen employed at the
stations have been increased to $G5 per
month. A number of vacancies exist in
this district which come under civil ser
vice rule. Application blanks may be
had from the keeper of any station or
from the local superintendent.
Mission Dolores Parish Picnic
Fully 2000 pleasure seekers from Mission
Dolores parish availed themselves of the
opportunity of a day's outing at Mirabel
Park, Sonoma County, yesterday. The
day was In every way conducive to make
a run into the interior pleasant and dull
cares were cast aside and all those who
participated returned, well repaid for the
trip. The object in view was to have a
reunion of th£ old and young of the
parish under the auspices of the parish
The committee of arrangements, which
consisted of Father Joseph J. Conway, J.
McAvoy, J. A. Crowley, E. J. McGlverh.
J. Flynn and F. Murphy, reft nothing un
done to make all happy and comfortable.
Father James Stokes joined the picnick
ers' as one of invited guests.
been Incorporated with Its capital stock
placed at $100,000, of which $250 has been
actually subscribed. The incorporators
ard directors are: P. J. Muller, A. H.
w;nn and C. W. Willard of San Francis
co; A. D. C.udsey of Easton. Pa., and
James McKeen of Callahan. Cal.
Into small fragments, the horse was
thrown forty feet, and McHenry's skull
was crushed. Two legs of the horse were
broken and a policeman 'put the animal
out of Its misery by shooting it. ¦
• W. • E.' Berger. the engineer,; surrendered
himself to- the police, and was released
on 550 cash bail, the charge against him
being manslaughter. •
McHenry - was 62 years ; old and < lived
with his family at ' 46 "West • Mission
street. The body was, taken to the
Morgue. and an inquest was held.
m ORRIS McHEXRY. an express
man, was instantly, killed yester
day morning by a train from San
Jose due at* Third and Townsend
streets at 8 a. m. The flagman had warned
the drivers of various trucks, drays and
other vehicles of the approach" of the
train, and McHenry drove his horse
alongside the track. Just as. the, engine
came up the horse made a sudden turn
and pulled the fore part of the . wagon
across tho track.. The wagon was broken
The captain is master of the steamer
Ruth and was preparing to leave Seattle
for Skaguay with gold hunters, when he
received a telegram stating that his wife
was dangerously ill. He came from Puget
Sound to San Francisco as quickly as a
train could bring him, arriving just in
time" for a last farewell* and to close his
wife's eyes in death. She expired in his
arms. . >
Mrs. Lundquist was only as few days
short ' of her twenty-fifth birthday and
she and her husband had planned a grand
celebration for tb,at event. Now all is
changed and no one but his two little sons
can wean the father away from his sor
row for, a moment. The lads" names are
Charles Oliver and Irwin, and neither of
them is old enough to realize' his great
loss. The. funeral will take place from the
family residence in Frultvale to-day.
NEARLY every shipowner and ship
master on the Pacific Coast la
sympathizing with Captain Charles
Lundquist over the loss of his wife.
THE LATE MRS. CHARLES
LUNDQUIST. . • ',
Notice to Passengers.
Round-trip transfer tickets on sale at
any of our offices. .One trunk Cround trip),
60 cents. . Morton Speciar "Delivery, 408
Taylor street, taO Market street, Oakland
terry depot. - ¦ >. *
POOLROOM MEN ARE
-CALLED INTO COURT
manager' for ;Zlck,Abrams,_ charged -with;'
violating ; the poolroom ordinance, were'
called .in Judge Conlan's court i yesterday
morning. The defendants were represent
ed by Attorney George Collins " who said
that -the defendants were anxious for a
speedy shearing. ¦ . . .;
V After consulting with Prosecuting Attor
ney'Weller,'it:was;decided to continue the
easels i till to-day, * with sthe; understanding
that a further continuance would be made
till the, beginning of next week, when the
cases -will be* hoard."; ¦ ..'_¦
Chief .Sullivan says .that if a conviction
is secured. in the Police-court he will con
tinue -,, to . make " arrests,' notwithstanding
the fact ithat an appeal will be made to
the higher court. . ', • ; ....
The Cases Continued Till To-Day, but
Will Not; Then Be
. . " Heard. ' ;
' : The . cases of , the ¦ three proprietors , of
poolroomsr-Harry Corbett, D. J. Crowley,
Henry i Schwartz— and that of John.Riley,
Hew Mining 1 Corporation.
The 'Helena ; Gold^ Mining Company "has
HORSE DRAGS ITS OWNER
TO DEATH UNDER WHEELS
Captain Lundquist Reached
Home as Wife Was
Expiring.
SHE DIED IN HER
HUSBAND'S ARMS
HE WAS POISONED
BY A BOLO HEAD
w. B. Parker Jr. oF Oakland
Had a Narrow Squeak in
the Philippines.
I I / B " PARKER JR - of Oakland
llf and Vacaville returned home
III from Manila on the transport
/ ww Grant after an adventurous
year among the Fflipinos as
manager of a company formed
In this city for the purpose of getting out
the famous teak wood, so much in demand
In the market. Owing to the condition of
affairs in the Philippines the young man
was not able to accomplish much beyond
careful surveys and the gathering . of
knowledge as to how the lumber can be
taken out and marketed at a profit. Even
that much information' was gained at the
risk of his life.
For many months Parker remained in
the Camarines provinces. Southern Luzon
only fifteen miles from General del Pilar's
headquarters. He had an lnterpreter»with
him and a guard of 100 bolo men, who
were in the employ of the company. A
range of mountains formed a partial
barrier between Parker's camp and the
insurgent general's headquarters, but for
all that Parker managed to. have several
brushes with the enemy. The bolo men
in his employ were natural tribal enemies
of the forces under General Pilar and
willing to fight whenever opportunity of
fered. . .
Parker was finally obliged to abanifon
his position because of illness that came
near ending his life. He was handling a
bolo one day when he chanced to scratch
the middle finger of his right hand
Poison from the deadly knife got into the
wound and hand and arm began to swell.
With great difficulty he managed to get
back to Manila, where he spent several
weeks in the hospital, undergoing three
operations and finally losing a finger. ¦ He
has not yet entirely recovered from his
illness, and will take a long rest at home
before returning to the islands.
The Board of Fire Commissioners, at a
meeting held yesterday, rejected all bids
submitted for forage for the department,
believing them excessive. The lowest bids
were: Hay, $15 59; oats, $1 54; alfalfa, $11.
Forage Bids Rejected.
Baron Loch Dead.
LONDON, June 20.— Baron Loch (Henry
Krougham Loch), formerly Governor of
Cape Colony and British Commissioner
for South Africa, is dead., ¦':..¦;;
McGowan of Chicago were married yes
terday at noon in St. Dominick's church.
The wedding was one of the prettiest
of the season, and was solemnized in the
presence of a large number of friends of
the couple. The bride entered the church
on the arm of her father. Captain J. Cha
mon de St. Hubert. She looked charm
ing in a creation of white corded silk, en
train, trimmed with accordion pleated
chiffon. She wore natural orange blos
soms In her hair, and carried a beautiful
bunch of white roses, tied with white il
lusion. Miss Harriet A. Bartnett, the
maid of honor, was attired in pink silk,
with hat of the same shade, trimmed with
white illusion. She carried bridesmaid's
roses, fastened with pink illusion.
The bridal party was met at the altar
rail by the groom and his best man, Ed
ward A. Quinn, and the ceremony was
performed by Rev. Father Pius Murphy.
A wedding breakfast followed at the
California Hotel, only the bridal party
and relations being present. The couple
were the recipients of many handsome
gifts.
Dr. and Mrs. McGowan left last evening
for Southern California en route to Chi
cago, where they will make their future
home.
Academy of the Immaculate Concep
tion Confers Certificates and
Medals. &££
The fifteenth annual commencement ex
ercises of the pupils of the Academy of
the Immaculate Conception yeslerday aft
ernoon at St. Paul's Hall, Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, added not a little to
the already fine reputation of the sisters
as Instructors. ' The presence of Rev."
Fathers Lynch, McKinnon and Griffin of.
St. James parish. Fathers Connolly, Hen
nessey and' Kennedy of St. Paul's, and
Father Crowley of the Youths' Directory
made the pupils more earnest in their ef
forts, and the manner in which the fol
lowing programme was gone through was
letter perfect:
"March .Brilllante," piano Quartet (T. P.
Brooks); "Summer Rain," vocal (Minims):
"1'etlt Galop," piano trio (Streabos); "Our
Boys." vocal chorus; "The Days • Gene By."
third vocal class; "Debut of Our Young Musi
cians (Tyroier and his child), mandolin, guitar,
violin and piano; "Heimath's Frenden," vocal,
by German class; "Bandltenstreiche." overture
piano quartet (P. von Suppe); "The Cure of
Berenice," first elocution class; "The Frolic
of the Waves,"' Juveniles; "Handicap Race,"
quickstep (G. Rosey). mandolins, guitars, vio
lins, zithers and piano; "The Huntsman's
Horn," second vocal class; "La. Chute des
Feulles," French class recitation; "The Roses
of June" (Drill): "Serenade" (Schubert), violin
and piano; "The Gipsy . Revel," first vocal
clans; "On to the Battle," "March Trium
phale." piano quartet (E. Hoist); "The Flag
of Washington." second elocution class; "Un
furl the- Banner." vocal chorus; Miss Mary
Jones, accompanist.
With a few . congratulatory remarks
Father Lynch presented the following
young ladlirs with medals and certificates:
Misses A. McDevitt," J. Delamore, F.
Mitchell, F. Tanron, M. Slnndtt, K.
Gulnaw, J. Colvln and M. Klopper.
Father Connolly delivered -a short ad
dress on the benefits of education.
CONVENT, SCHOOL GIRLS
COMPLETE THEIR STUDIES
came downstairs to the dressing room
to make a change. They made it. Their
anger toward each other had been grow
ing all day: A few words— and grease
paint and "liners" were laid down and
at It they went. Through It all sat Jeff
rey Williams. He didn't want to be both
ered. He was "making up."
The racket made by tne contestants was
so tremendous that the entire company
gathered around the door. But not one
of that noble company dared enter till
George Webster came along, oettins his
wig more firmly In position, the character
actor entered the arena. In a firm voice
he called on both men to stop. It was
Brutus and Cassius over again, only there
was no kiss and make-up. The only
make-up used was grease paint in large
chunk3 to conceal facial abrasions and
cranial contusions.
The Alcazar management tried to hush
the matter up, but it leaked out. A black
lump on Emery's cheek caused comment
and questioning; then, as a natural se
quence, came revelation. . ...
Belasco says Emery should get a job in
a foundry sharpening tools and so live
up to his name, and — most unkindest cut
of all— wheels. Emery says the only thing
Belasco can play is a hose. And so the
matter stands, and the picture lies in
Emery's scrapbook and rankles In the
Belasco mind.
YOU conceited young fool!" That was
as far as Actor Walter Belasco got
" U In his first speech in an unrehearsed
¦ drawing-room drama, -played be
tween the acts. at the Alcazar Saturday
night— a. play within a; play. The next
moment a heavy rouge pot whizzed past
his ear, flung by the hand of Edwin T.
Emerj.v. Belasco made a duck he learned
from Jim Jeffries in New York and the
missile smashed to sn.ithereens a mirror
belonging to Jeffrey WiUiams, who dresses
in the same room. Belasco and Emery
then clinched and a battle royal waged
till George Webster broke In the door and
separated the warring Thespians:
The row^arose over a picture published
in a New York theatrical paper. It was
an excellent likeness, of Mr. Emery- In
fact It was Mr. Emery. He sent It to the
journal himself. Not alone did it go
however. A letter telling of 'his triumphs
in San Francisco accompanied it. An ex
tract .from the billet was printed under
the actor's complacent counterfeit pre
sentment. It read: "Actor Edwin Em
ery tells us he has taken San Francisco
by storm." It was these lines that caused
the storm to break in the Alcazar dress-
Ing room. .
After the first act of "Sapho both men
HOT BATTLE BETWEEN
TWO "SAPHO" ACTORS
Walter Belasco Objects to Edwin
Emery's Opinion of Himself
and They "Mix It."
J. E. Sweeney, the Brave Fireman, Dies From His Terrible
Wounds— An Urgent Appeal for Aid Is Made
for His Desritutp F^milv W.
John D. Spreckels _ .'_ ..... $100
SUBSCRIPTION BOOK NOW OPEN AT THE BUSINESS OFFICE OF THE CALL.
JOHN' E. SWEENEY, the brave fire
man, who rescued an aged man
from a burning building at Bryant
and Eleventh streets, has paid the
full penalty for his heroism. He Is dead.
His terrible struggle through the flames
•with the eld man in his arms cost him his
life. He was burned past recovery and
no effort could save his life. And the de
partment of which he was a member will
' remember him as one of the most fearless
I men who ever gave up life in obedience
to duty.
There was mournlnc In the Fire De
• partment yesterday, for the dead hero
•was well liked. The f-addest phase of It
all Is that the dead man leaves a wife and
;four young children utterly destitute.
There is not even food in the stricken
* home, for the needs of the little family
demanded all cf the small' income of the
husband and father. An appeal is made,
therefore, to charitable* persons, to ren
der assistance sadly needed. Any who
wish to contribute something for . the
widow and her children may do so at the
business office of The Call, where a sub
scription list is open. John D. Spreckel*
opens the list with a subscription of $100.
< The Fire Department will bury the dead
hero with fitting honors. A detail of men
from every company in the department
•will attend the funeral, which Will be
'held from St. Joseph's Church, Tenth
street, at 18 o'clock to-morrow morning.
': Sweeney's act is considered to be with
out parallel in Its heroism in the history
cf the local Fire Department. If he had
been willing to sacrifice the old man,
Michael Coyne, whom he sought to save,
he could have saved his own life. Wrap
ping a coat over his head and hands he
dashed through the blinding smoke up to
the second floor of the house,, where he
heard the screams of the old man. Re
moving the coat which had protected him
he placed it over the head of the old man
&nC then dashed downstairs. Half way
down the flames burst out In the hall and
made it an avenue of raging fire.
Sweeney could have escaped had he
dropped the old man, but he dashed on
through the fire with his burden and
dropped Just outside of the door. He had
saved Coyne and sacrificed his own life.
There are few Instances of truer heroism
!n the history -of San Francisco; and gen
erous people should consider It a duty to
relieve the destitution of the little fam
ily the hero left behind him.
The daring rescue which cost the
heroic fireman his life was not the first
which proved to the city that he had that
within him which wins the plaudits of
men and 1 which should insure now. to his
stricken wife and little ones the sub
stantial sympathy of the community.* On
August 15, 1S96, in the early moaning
when Sweeney was going to his home, he
saw fire bursting from the house f at 1014
and 1016 Bryant street. He heard the
screams of a man and woman, John and
Maria Brodie, who were helpless and im
prisoned in the burning building. •'
Utterly heedless of imminent danger to
himself Sweeney dashed into, the house
and located the aged couple on the sec
ond floor. He carried them to^ what
seemed to be the only avenue of escape—
the rear stairs. ' The flames had, eaten
them away and a pit of fire was under
him.' He carried the old man and woman
to the front of the house and signaled to
his brother firemen, who had arrived, to
throw him a rope. This was done and
he lowered his changes to the ground in
safety. When they were beyond harm he
descended from the 'burning building to
the sound of a cheering throng who had
seen his heroic act.
At the meeting of the Board of Fire
Commissioners last night the following
resolutions on the death of John Edward
Sweeney were adopted:
Whereas, This board has just received the
sad intelligence of the death of Fireman John
Edward Sw»eney from Injuries received In the
discharge of his duty by sacrificing: his own
life in saving- the life of another. ¦ .
' Resolved, That we do hereby extend to his
bereaved widow and family our heartfelt sym
pathy and deep sense of loss in the death of a
member of this department, whose heroic con
duct will forever be an example and inspira
tion to his fellow-members.
Resolved. That this resolution be spread on
the minutes of the board and a copy thereof
be presented to the family of the deceased.
Resolved.. That the members of this board
attend the funeral In a body.
Miss Nina Chamon de St. Hubert, a pop
ular belle of this city, and Dr. John D.
Mr. and^Irs. Levy left yesterday after
coon for a bridal trip to Ban Jose, Mon
terey and Santa Cruz.
The bride was attended by Miss Elsie
Loupe and Miss Melanie Levy, who acted
as bridesmaids. The bride wore an ele
frant gown of w'hite crepe de chine trim
med with embroidered chiffon.- Miss
Loupe wore a dainty gown of gray crepe
end Miss Levy were a pretty gown of
•white crepe. .
Mrs. Blanche Brown and Marcus Levy
were married yesterday afternoon at 2
o'clock at the residence of the bride's
eunt, Mrs. Maurice Willard. 2200 Post
Ftreet. Mr. Stark, cantor of the Temple
Emanu El, performed the ceremony.
Mr. and Mrs. Fletcher will leave to-day
for a bridal triji. which will include -a
visit to the groom's birthplace In Scot
land. Their future home will be In New
York City.
After the ceremony there was a recep
tion for the bridal party and a limited
number of invited guests at the residence
of the bride"? brother, Charles Fox Tay,
10C7 Pine street. -'> ¦¦',.
The gowns of the bridal party were ex
tremely handsome. The bride wore an ele
gant gown of rich white satin elaborately
trimmed with point applique. Miss Irene
Tay,. the maid of honor, wore a dainty
gown of pink tulle over pink silk. The six
children who preceded the bride to the
altar were dressed In pink and white. The
little misses wore frocks of white mull
over pink tilk and the lads were attired
in natty white suits. Both boys and girls
carried wreaths of pink ajid white sweet
I>f»as slung over their shoulders.
O ft ISS CARRIE B. TAY and Peter
/f\i/\ Fletcher were married last even-
Jl JA. v. in P at Grace Church. Bishop
assisted by Rev. Dr.
Foute,- officiating. Promptly at half-past
£. the hour f^et for the ceremony, the
strains of the wedding march announced
the arrival of the bridal party. Kirst
came the surpliced choir, marching in
double file and singing the bridal chorus
Jrom Lohengrin. After the choir came the
ushers, Messrs. John Jackson, Andrew-
Jackson, Walton Thome, Bush Flnnell,
"Walter Treat and George Wneaton. Fol
lowing the ushers came Miss Irene Tay,
the maid of honor, and then six tiny
Jads and misses— Dorothy Danforth. Myra
Treat. Catherine Redding. Allan Hamil
ton. Philip Finnell and Hooper Jackson.
Then came the bride, leaning on the arm
at her brother, Charles Fox Tay. At the
altar the groom with, his best man. An
drew Thorne, awaited' the coming of the
bride. - §'-'
Tay-FIetcher Nuptials at
Grace Church Last
Evening.
WEDDING BELLS
RING MERRILY
DEATH CLAIMS HIS LIFE IN
PENALTY FOR HIS HEROISM
Five hundred tents, formerly of the
White City at the Presidio, but' recntly
.condemned and sold to' Nossen & Co., are
stored In an old warehouse at 112 Clay
street. Their presence has caused trouble
In the neighborhood. iS%i >!^
The tents were bought in at auction
more than 'a week ago and they had hard
ly been stored in the warehouse by their
new owner when it became known
that a case of ' smallpox had de
veloped at the Presidio, and at once
the people living in the neighbor
hood of the warehouse demanded that
the tents be fumigated if that had' not al
ready been done. It -had not, so the
health officer, Dr. O'Brien, has ordered
that they be thoroughly fumigated under
the direction of the Board of Health be
fore any of them shall be taken out of
the warehouse. • . ¦ ' .
As a matter of fact, however, there is
no danger of Infection from the old tents.
They have been out in the wind and the
rain since a year ago last spring, and It
is seven months since any • soldier - has
lived in them. When the camps were
cleared away these tents that were unfit
for further Government use were.' left
standing until they could all be sold in
a bunch. SoTne cases of smallpox . did
break out In. the camps last fall, but
whenever a case broke out the tent which
the patient had occupied was burned, as
were those in 'the immediate vicinity.
Then the ground all around the place of
infection was sprinkled with lime, and in
each instance the regiments to which the
patients belonged * were moved -over -..to
Angel Island. Smallpox never .appeared
the samq place in the camps twice., .
•The last- case of smallpox developed in
the camp where- the casuals have been
quarte'red. 1 Several tents have been burned
as usual, but' from that camp no tents
have condemned and no tents fjave
been sold. Moreover the : smallpox did not
break out until the condemned tents had
been carted away.
Canvas Houses Condemned and Sold
¦ at Auction ; Must Be Fumi
gated by the Health
Officer.
Neighbors Feared They
Might Have Been In
fected by Smallpox.
PRESIDIO TENTS
IN QUARANTINE
IN A WAREHOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, THURSDAY; JTCsE 21, 1900.
AMMUNITION OF THE
1 : A ASHANTIS GIVING OUT
Garrison at Koumassie on Half Ba
tions, but All Are
Well.
CAPE COAST CASTLE, June 19.— The
garrison at Koumassie is still on half
rations. Sir Frederick Hodgson. Gover
nor of Gold Coast Colony, and his wife
who are besieged there, are well. The
Ash.antt ammunition is giving out. Three
hunired natives were killed in the fisrht
between the rebels and West Africans un
der Captain. Wilson on June 16.
Life-Savingf Service Vacancies.
?
16
J. E. SWEENEY. THE DEAD
HERO.
Park News is a good story paper; everybody
reads it. Mysell-RoHtns, 22 Clay. Pub. *' •
PAINLESS
DENTISTRY!
until 9. Sundays all ?
Fuli Set of Teeth, pain- I
r 1 m' " tr » cUon » lr«..M.OO np '
pfiifnS 0 ™"'- ?? wo ul ; ;
' • Teeth - Without" *Plates" 5 *Ou? ''
! Specialty. We give gas. <>
¦¦ < *•«¦»»«» •¦-•-—¦¦» «««..,» -
"YyAfi VROOM,"
lOOt MARKET,
SIXTH and MARKET.
umoer CHROMicit building. CATALOGUE fail.
OPTlCIANS^ OT^PM' CAP ™** T to.
CVIO M -^- c S cieNTI /' c
qhl Market 5t. immruments
Than ever and at no increase to , price.
Improved clip^ — don't slip — for 50 cents.
Oculists' prescriptions fllled. Factory
on premises. Quick . repairing. Phone.
Main 10.
BETTER
EYE-GLASSES
p ii re ; ! h n v a i^ sHr . F ° urth *™
lIlPP KlIVAl Market. S. p. Try
It Hi I' rill I Ul * our Special Brew
Wf II L. IJU I riL. Steam and Lagar.
5c. " •• Overcoats ' and
. * Valises checked free.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
7 SPECIALS /
for » m
To=day and To=Morrow
At 40c-Best quality MUSLIN LADIES*
GOWNS, extra wide, long neck and sleeves,
neatly trimmed with Valenciennes lace, yoke
tucked and inserted. • -
At 75c— Best MUSLIN LADIES' GOWNS,
sailor collar, round and square effects; Bre-
telles. collar and cuffs" trimmed with em-
. broidery, yoke trimmed and inserted.
At 4Oe— Best quality MUSLIN LADIES'
CHEMISE," trimmed with 6 rows ¦ of lace and
embroidery; Insertion in yoke; 24 tucks; round
or square effects.
At 34c— Best quality MUSLIN LADIES'
DRAWERS, cut wide; neatly tucked; trim-
med with embroidery.
At 41)c— Best quality MUSLIN LADIES'
DRAWERS, umbrella effect, trimmed with
lacs or embroidery.
At 8 l-3c— Best quality MUSLIN CHILDREN'S
DRAWERS, trimmed with ruffles. .
At 3«c— Best quality MUSLIN * CHEMISE,*
square, closed or open front effects, full
: length, nicely -. trimmed with lace or em-
broidery. _ -
WRAPPERS— If you are in need of ,'l^adles'
Wrappers, don't fail to visit us before pur-
chasing elsewhere. : All" wrappers- are made
in our oWn factory; fit guaranteed; . we -. give
you the latest cut, best materials and^we re-
tail them at wholesale prices;. to-day and to-
morrow we offer, calico wrappers, sleeves
.: lined in all colors at E8c. , . ::
We are selling our CRASH and DUCK OVKR-
BKIRTS at 33 percent less than regular values.
This department merits your; attention. ;
We are always rushed at our HOSIERY, and
CORSET s counters ' for the ". simple - reason ¦ we
give the best values at the lowest prices. '
.LACES and ? EMBROIDERY- Only a few
more and our lace and embroidery sale will be
at an end.,.- Look at our window display, prices
lower' than . ewer, .very large variety to choose
from." To-day we offer our 8 l-3c. 10c, 12%c and
IDe Val, and Torchon Laces at Sc per yard. ¦
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS IN RIBBONS. '
This Is a 1 snap. Satin- Pulley -Belts' in all'
sizes, worth 50c, -for. 25c. • •.<-. .
1212-1214 ISaRKET ST.;
Betijaylor and Jones. .-
: BRANCH 8TQRE---1C6 Sixth 'sti "
Manufacturers of Ladles' and Children's Wear.
Retail at Wholesale Prices.
Summer School of Music.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, June 20.— The Grove
Summer School of Music opened for its
second season in this city to-day, the
opening event being a grand concert given
by the members of the faculty. The
school, which is under the personal direc-
tion of James Hamilton Howe, Mus. B..
.formerly of the Boston Conservatory of
Music, is now an established part of the
summer work In Pacific Grove and will
continue its sessions annually hereafter.
Lecture Postponed.
Dr. Frederick W. D'Evelyn was to have
lectured under the auspices of the' Geo-
graphical Society of California last night
at Golden Gate Hall, but through some
misunderstanding only a few people were
in attendance and the lecture was post-
poned.
Ladles' tailor-made - suits, silk skirts, fur
cipes: liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 526 Sutter.*
If you want a healthy drink try Jesse Moore
"AA" whiskey.
Kale's.
Hale'a.
39 STOCKfON ST., neap Market
(Old number 21 Stockton at.)
TELEPHONE MAIN 5522.
SHOULD TOU "WANT TO GIVE A!»
OUT-OF-TOWN PARTY. JUST RE-
MEMBER WE CAN SAVE TOU MUCH
TROUBLE BY POINTING OUT THE
VERY KIND OF DELICACIES SUCH
OCCASIONS DEMAND. AND BESIDES
TOU AVOID ALL. EXTRAVAGANT
PRICES BY BUYING OF US.
CREAMERY BUTTER, square. -35c
LUNCH TONGUE, can 25c
Regularly 30c
H-0 BUCKWHEAT, pkg. . !2ic
Hot cakes easily and
quickly made.
MAPLESYRUP l ptbot2Oc l Qt tot 40c
Made in Vermont, guaranteed pure.
Regularly 23c and 50c.
CREOLE RICE, 3 lbs 25c
The choicest In the market.
Regularly 10c a lb.
JAMS AND JELLIES, glass... IOC
This season's home-made
Raspberry. Strawberry. Currant sad Black-
berry.
Regularly 13c
HALT WHISKEY. bot.....;.7$c
Royal brand — the best and purest.
Recommended as an excellent ton!e.
Regularly 51.00.
Shredded Wheat Biscuits, pkg. IKc
A great health food for weak stomachs.
Regularly 13c.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
3-Day Specials I
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
Limoges
French China
at Prices to Sell Qulcfel^r
Como Just to Look.
Great Aiencaii Imuortlns Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
:if-M2 Grant At*. (Bet. Sutler ana Jtost^
tfl Market St. (Opj>. Powel!).
14C Sixth St.
S55 Hayes St. rig Third St.
1419 Polk St. en Montfoxnarr At%
ISIS Mission St. 106 Lark In St.
tOOt Sixteenth 3C ]S19 Devlsad-ro St.
j;6 Ninth St. 475 Halsht St.
»«08 Fillmor* 3t HSS Mission 3U - —» -
i: Market St. 2732 24th St. ' '
OAKLAND STORES.
1C53 Washington. St. £lo K. 12th St.
1237 Broadway. USS 23d A»«.
1510 bevcotb St. UU Park at.. »*«~»~ti
.ale's.
l'//^ //W\ v Jar "X^^VTpi ! any one. else in the fine new building now go- u<^ — "~HI§l
J j /y^^y/y^J V V^/y^^^A. (3 1 n^ U P on m^ r^ et street, all admirers of san u>"**^
/ rvJ^/^x^^V^vSv,/ f ?<J%L \otii francisco watch with satisfaction its nearing
\\/y^^/^ VW^t-^^^^y^? completion. It is being modeled throughout
Mi&/ i^^y^A"! a^ ter e most a PP rove d methods and consequently no house in the
A *&%i /^VWW^'l!MS< < w'*pf^^\^® country will excel our facilities orbe more pleasing to shop in.
- f'/iw£*^ Jlfk\' > !m (zs^AWn iV as vve ex P ect to leave these premises about September I these
wffiZfiL '^fji^ ¦ JMl WMZ^Xr^' stores are for rent for occupancy after that date, apply to G. H. Umbsen
Wm&L .^WkMW^kl WaiStS and SkirtS-" illustrated to the left
" \ WrMs&cWk'- t W 'f I0 ° taffeta sil! > wai5t3 > in black and all the leading shades, beautifully
\^^^^^MBk^\ if >llfllll[y corded back and front, stock collar, sizes 32 to 44; this is an exceptional
I fl about 75 dozen ladies' fine percale shirt waists, ' some made plain
X^^v^S^^^P^^^^W/ v>lt^ frcnc '^ ba °k> otners tucked back and front, all colors and sizes.. 50c
IttP^Sc^yl*!^ liill«$ special showing of crash "outing skirts, made very full, with deep
an embroidery clean-up
1 l^mtri^^a^^y^ *^is is to be a quick sale of embroidery edging and insertion, over
X JSp^ !^>3>lTQf^tr5*f!^^ 8000 yards of embioidery, which has been accumulating since the first of
vvjurag jF^ c\Jr **" s y ear> some slightly soiled, some used for window displays, others for
irera ft- < fjf-* / f\ ' $$' ¦ interior decoratibns, while many are broken lines in perfect condition.
j&gjc [I <^ff^ £§ (C* sa * e commences this morning, at, per y.ard, 3c, sc 7j-i>c, 8 I-3C, 10c, 12J2C,
•jw)j I T*J&\ ,. ,., , , ary tank ....'. $3 PS that value giving characteristic of
/ I Q\ n0t!in?l)3in CUnSillS * "lawn mowers. 10 Inches 3 00 Hale'a will be found to strongly apply
iLWi J \l - "¦-""" ovens, steel, asbestos lined 2 87 to this sale of stationery:
" |J CO pair white Nottingham t—r /SFT , -writing paper, good quality, 24 sheets.
I I,' Cif wilPhrlKhten up your'kUchen ' flM MSfJz~~^ 1 '^^ f$*S^J>5iag2> Hale's pencils., rubber tipped, dozen. :5c
The Gram-o-phone was ths
best talking machine during
1899 — it excelled every other
machine. Now comes to the
front the improved, revolu-
tionized Gram-o-phone, the
wonderful
the greatest talking machine ever
invented. Its reproduction is
clean, distinct and natural. It
uses the fiat, indestructible discs.
The works are incased in a hand-
some, piano-finished cak case,
with bevel plate glass sides and
piliared corners.
Price, 6 X 1 *$25. Records 50c each.
Everybody is invited to call and
hear the Zon-b-phone, whether
or not they wish to purchase. It
is constantly on exhibition at
Shsrmsn, Clay & Co.'s Music House
Ccr. Ee»rcy tnd Sutler Si*., 8. T.
CASH OR LITTLE- AT- A-TIME.
Go-Carts and Baby Carriages.
$35p to $25.00.
The convenience and comfort and cheap-
ness of Go-Carts are brinslng them Into
great favor every day. We have aa Im-
mense stock of them. Baby Carriages,
too, in large variety.
Send five cents in stamps for
postaso on new furniture catalog.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
/CJ7-/O23 MfSS/O.V STHBBT,
ABOVE SIXTH.
Faeaa Couth 11. Sta Frtael jcs.