Senators and Assemblymen Who Are
Likely to Receive Chair
manships.
SLATED FOR
COMMITTEES
j Ell Wright of Santa Clara wu Invited
to enter the caucus, but declined on the
ground that ha waa not a I>emocrat. but
an Independent. The caucus adjourned
to meet at the call of the chair.
¦ It was decided that upon all party ques
tions the members should cast & strictly
party vote.
The Democratic Assembly caucus was
held at 10 o'clock. F. P. Fella of Mon
terey waa made chairman and N. C. Ray
of Tuolumne and Marlpoea secretary.
Frank James of Los Angelas was chosen
for the complimentary vota for Speaker
and Bert Schlesinger of San Francisco for
Speaker pro tern. For chief clerk James
Crowley waa named, and for chaplain
Rev. "W. E. Vaughn. *.. *
That committee is busy considering the
recommendations for the attache positions
by members of the Assembly and will
make it3 report at 2 o'clock to-morrow
afternoon.
It was determined to refer the distribu
tion of patronage to a committee of five,
with power to recommend. Johnson re
fused to serve as chairman and the com
mittee was finally named as follows by
Chairman Kelly: TV. S^ Mellck of Los
Angeles, chairman; Bliss of Alameda.
Uroughton of Los AngeJes. McWade of
Alameda. Flsk of San Francisco.
The caucus balloted for chief clerk
with the following result: Clio Lloyd 34.
James M. Oliver 17. Harry S. "Wanzer X.
The vote of the San Francisco delega
tion practically carried the day for Lloyd.
W. O. Banks was chesen without oppo
sition as the caucus choice for sergeant
at arms and R. I. "Wickham as the choice
for minute clerk.
The Republican Assemblymen, when
their caucus was resumed at 3 o'clock,
heard the report of the committee on
patronage. Upon Its recommendation the
members agreed to Increase the total
dally expenditure for attaches from $402.
the amount at the last session, to $472.
That will give each Republican member
the disposal of $3 a day Instead of $6 85, as
last year.
tronage was not taken up. A committee
of five was appointed to investigate and
report at 3 o'clock in the afternoon upon
the patronage due each member, and the
caucus adjourned to that hour. The com
mittee was composed of Grove L. John
son of Sacramento (chairman). Lon A.
Henry of San Francisco, D. F. McWade
of Alameda, L. Schilllg of Yuba and H.
*W. Brown of San Mateo. Brown was the
one representative of the Anderson forces
that was naxne<l on the committee.
The San Francisco Republican delega
tion caucused at 2 o'clock this afternoon
and determined to cast 14 votes for Clio
Lloyd of Santa Barbara for chief clerk.
The members also conferred upon ques
tions of patronage, In order that their
claims might not conflict.
Continued on Second Page*
Sped*! Dispatch to The^Cfcll.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. ,7.— The caucus of the Re
publican Assemblymen was held at 9:30
o'clock this morning in rooin"30 of the,
Capitol. It was a short meeting, devoid
of features.
- Joseph M. Kelley of Alameda County
was chosen as chairman and L. Schillig of
Yubaand Sutter counties was made sec
retary.' ;
The caucus proceeded at once to ballot
for. a. choice -for Speaker. Some of An
derson's ' friends expressed their loyalty
by, casting their ballots for him. The vote
stood 38 for Pendleton and 17 for Ander
son. H. "W. Brown of San Mateo, a stanch
Anderson man, moved to make It unani
mous, and ithe motion was carried.
¦Hanen of Mendocino. Anderson of So
lan o, Macbeth "of San Francisco and Lev
inson'of Tulare were not present for the
ballot. :¦,-:
;,W.C. Ralston of Calaveras County was
elected as the caucus, choice for Speaker
pro; tern. .
The question^ of minor office* and p»-
Seventeen Assembly
men Remain Loyal
to Anderson.
REPUBLICANS
IN CAUCUS ON
SPEAKERSHIP
lican Assemblymen to-day, during. the dis
cussion of the proposal to Increase the
patronage to $8 . a day per member, some
doubts were expressed as . to the wisdom
of .such action, Involving' as It did a
marked Increased In the expenses . of the
session. . Speaker Pendleton "took a hand
In the discussion, saying: j'.>"
• "I understand the Senate caucus has
Just decided to Increase Its patronage per
member to IK. I .don't see that any of
you have any reason to be scared at $$.
Come along."- . ¦ '¦¦¦
: Pendleton' s stand carried -' the i Say for
the proposed. Increase and the San Fran
cisco and Los ; Angeles delegations were
correspondingly, happy.
There was "talk of charging up the sal
aries of the chief clerk, sergeant at arms
and minute . clerk .against ..the ? Assembly
instead of against the patronage of indi
vidual:: members. • This would have rIn
volved another Increase In the number of
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 7.— In the caucus of Repub-
. Special Dispatch to The Call.
Speaker Forces Increase
of the Assembly Per
Capita Patronage.
PENDLETON
SHIES AT
ECONOMY
Senator ' S.' C. Smith , ; of ; Kern :¦ County
was elected chairman of the J caucus and
Senator >"W. M. < Cutter of ,Yuba was made
secretary. * A committee composed lot Sen
ators ' Cutter, Leavltt and ¦ Davis was ap
pointed to Bubm it a report on the,patron
age, 1 which ' : last • year • amounted ! to } some
thing like $12 to each Republican Senator.
The report was made on that .basis; and
after some" discussion ? It ..was decided * to
raise this '. amount . to' $16, 'and,^ further,
that :¦ the/secretary, , ; the* sergeant-at-arms
and the , chaplain ; should '., no t :. be ' Included
in the allowance.;; It was agreed "also'that
there should be : a committee for each' Re
publican Senator, or : thirty-four : in all.
CALL „/ HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO,' Jan. 7.'— The, Republican Sena
tors caucused this : morning, decided sev
eral questions/ among . them one of pat
ronage and: places, and then convened In
regular session and broke the strongest
agreement : of .'.all— one Cthaf they would
not, without the unanimous consent of the
Republican Senators, add' any to the num
ber, of places ..they.- had decided' to allow.
To test this it was rnoved in caucus that
the Democratic minority, composed of six,
should be allowed a . stenographer, but
this was .voted .down.' "-Afterward, how
ever,-when, the; Senate convened, the Re
publican members stampeded and adopted
a resolution- submitted- by-- Sims, -allowing
a' Democratic" stenographer. ' •'¦
attaches.'- Opposition! that was too strong^
to be ignored developed, however, and the
scheme was abandoned. • • . - • ¦ !
SENATE MAKES BIG INCREASE.
Personages and Scenes Attendant Upon the Opening of the Thirty-Fourta, Session of the Legis-
For the remainder of this week patron
age will be an absorbing object of atten
tion in legislative circlec. Both the Sen
ate and the ' Assembly have already de
cided to Increase th« patronage, vr' 'ch
"certainly is ; not an- encouraging sign • in
connection with the Governor's cry' for
economy.
In legislative affairs • to-day the Demo
cratic minority In each house remained In
decorous, submissive sllance. The Dem
ocrats are so hopelessly out of the field,
politically, that they «ure seeking only to
snatch here and there a crumb of patron
age thrown to them by the Republicans.
One of these they received "to-day, when
the minority In the Assembly was per
mitted to elect a clerk and place him up
on J the pay roll. "The Democrats chose
ex- Assemblyman Crowly of San • Fran
cisco, who at the last session refused to
give Mayor Fhelan of San Francisco . his
complimentary vote for the United States
Senate. This probablv will be the only
opportunity which' llie Democrats will
have to play even with the Mayor of the
metropolis.
•A howl of dissatisfaction and dismay
went up to-day from the bibulous spirits
of other sessions, and the curious of this
discovered ; that the "well," that historic
scene of orgies, debauches and unseemly,
revelry In the Capitol, was closed by the
'peremptory ; orders of- Secretary ; of 'State
Charles Curry. The Secretary of State de
clares most emphatically that the "weil"
will not be opened this session unless he
is commanded to open It by orders of the
Assembly,; which has Jurisdiction over it
during the session of the Legislature. The
"well" has been, the scene of some of the
most famous as well as the most Infa
mous political incidents of the State.
sideration. The "third house" is getting
ready for business, but some of Its lead
ing members will not arrive until next
week. Martin Kelly l&, of course, striv
ing to, keep his flock In line In order that
he may .reap the golden fruits of his vic
tory. Jere Burke is representing the
Southern Pacific Company, Johnny Lynch
anybody who wants to employ him and
Jake Shaen himself.
A great deal of speculation attaches,
therefore, to Pendlctor/s choices. They
were made yesterday, but to-day there
was another ehakeup ard some positions
are still in doubt. Some- are known defi
nitely from the forces which control Pen
flletcn and are published this morninj;.
Pendleton believes that he may need until
vhich will have so much to do with the
legislation of the session. The result of
the ccntest for Speaker of the Assembly
has had a most irnrx>rtant reaction upon
' the Republican members of the Senate.
The election of Pendleton was accom
plished by the Governor, by notoriously
operating Southern Pacific Influences, by
paloon politicians of San Francisco and
t we;p!r.g promises of patronage and posi
tion. The Republican Senators knew that
ail of this means that the Assembly will
ue dominated by the Governor and his
Billed forces and .that committees will be
formed as these Incongruous Influences
dictate. Republican Senators are deter
mined, therefore, that they shall not be
dominated by the chief executive and his
friends and through Lieutenant Governor
Neff they will insist upon appointing their
own committees and In a measure pre
rerve the constitutional separation of the
executive and legislative departments of
the State government. Lieutenant Gov
ernor N'eff declares that he will probably
announce the Senate committees to-xnor
row.
The appointment of Assembly commit
tee* is a much more complicated matter.
It will be purely a Question of programme
and an effort to satisfy the demands of
the various Interests involved. Gage muat
be recognized and the interests of the
Southern Pacific Company must be rs-
Fpeeted. Martin Kel!v must have what
b« asks for and that "Till be something
* ssentlally detrimental to the State. Kel
ly again herded his Assemblymen Into
'ine and forced them 16 vote for Clio
Lloyd of Santa Baronra for chief clerk.
This means that Kelly fs keeping his con
tract with the southerners and Inevita
bly will expect his reward. The only re
ward which he understands Is expressed
In dollars and cents or the opportunity to
iine his pockets with them.
the end of the week In w! lich to make his
selections.
In all probability bill* v ill be introduced
on Wednesday, but .juos ions of . legisla
tion havo r*: aa yot rs.cz riQ. serious coa-
and to-morrow afternoon the Gov
ernor's message, very much given to
¦svorfis. •will be read to both houses. The
Assembly was organized early this after
noon by the election of Its chief officers.
C. W. Penileton was chosen Speaker, hav
ing no Republican opponent. The friends
cf Anderson were true to their promise,
and, notwithstanding the fact that they
were released from any obligation to vote
for him, insisted upon doing: so in caucus.
In the Senate there was neither factional
r.or geographical contest. Thomas Flint
ir. was elected chairman pro tern, asd
leading patronage offices were district
ed according- to the agreement made In
caucus.
The scenes which marked the organiza
tion of both houses were remarkable In
one particular— they were noticeably with
out enthusiasm. In the Senate chamber
a few people congregated to witness the
opening ceremonies. Politicians, lobby
ists, men and women followers of politi
cians, a sprinkling- of Sacramentans and
prospective attaches made up the crowd.
Flowers on the desks of some of the Sen
ators testified to the fact that they have
admirers, but there were no demonstra
tion, no applause; simply the rigid for
r:a2ities. which ended in the notification
to the Governor that the Senate was ready
fj r ihe business of state.
In the Assembly a large ! crowd had
ETP.thered. and if the formalities of organ
ization were not more impressive they
wf re longer. The chamber was brilliantly
adorned with tricolor bunting and na
tional flags. There were a few women In
The galleries, who listened to the speeches
of nomination. When Pendleton was
«lected there was a generous response of
applause and then the Interest flagged.
The Assembly as well as the Senate ad
journed until to-morrow afternoon at 2
o'clock, when the Governor*8 message
will be received.
Both houses have yet to perform a vital
ly important duty. The President of the
Senate and the Speaker of the Assembly
must appoint the standing committees.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 7.— The thirty
fourth session of the Legislature
is practically ready for business.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KELLY, GAGE AND RAILROAD LOBBY
DIS TRIBUTE ASSEAIBLY PATRONAGE
"One Dollar Martin!" Again Lines Up the Sail^ Prahciscans and Lloyd Is TYlade Chief Clerk of the
Lower House—Per Capita Spoils Increased to Pro vide Places for Camp Followers.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUJESDAY; JANUARY 8, 1901.
VOLUME LXXXLX-XO. 39.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 7.— Lieutenant Governor-
Neff hopes to be able by to-morrow af
ternoon to announce the committees of
the Senate. There has been little talk
of chairmanships, and few of the Senators
seem to be willing' to declare themselves
definitely for any place. Lieutenant Gov
ernor Ke/f and Senator Flint have been
In conference to-night on the selection of
the committees. While nothing has been
given out, there Is little doubt as to the
disposition of some of the chairmanships.
The consensus of opinion Is that S. C.
Smith will get the chairmanship of the
finance committee, Sutter that of the ap
portionment committee, Davis that of the
Judiciary committee, Belshaw tho com-
The San Francisco Call
SEVENTEEN MEN
WHO STAND BY
THEIR PLEDGES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAC
RAMENTO, Jan. 7.— Soventeen
members of the Assembly stood by
their pledges, and In tfce caucus of
the Republican Assemblymen this
morning showed their colors by
casting their ballots for Aid en An
derson for Speaker, although the
vote could be no more than an ex
pression of loyalty and a rebuke to
bosslsm. The roll of honor is as
follows:
GEORGE H. ANDERSOX of
Santa Clara.
J. W. ATHERTOX of Marln.
T. J. T. BERRY of Del Aorte
and Sialtl^rou.
J. A. BLISS of Alameda.
H. W. DROWN' of San Mateo.
"W. K. CHAXDLER of Fresno.
R.* M. CLARKE of Ventura.
F. E. DUMiAP of San Joa
qnin.
F. A. Dl'RVEA of Placer.
DR. JC. K. FOSTER of Ala
meda.
WILLIAM HIGBY of San
Drnito.
JOSEPH R. K>O"U'I*AXD of
Alameda.
J. G. MATTOS JR. of Ala
mcda.
XV. S. MELICK of Lor An.
gelCR. "
G. G. RADCLIPFj of Santa
Crux. ;
F. I,. STEWART »f Amador.
GEORGE S. XV.K1.1 Kit of San
ta Clara.
Bliss of Alameda i rose from a
sickbed !n order to ast his vote
for Anderson.In hln thirty-two years of life the young
Marquis of Queensberry. who recently
succeeded his father, has seen a good deal
of the world. He has served in the mili
tia, has been sailor, explorer and mining
expert, and the fortune he has made un
aided testifies to hla ability as a financier.
Qtwensberry as a Olobe-Trotter.
The Ne-w Cup Defender,
Now b#tnar, built, la confidently expected to hi
tho fastest sailing t«s»1 ever built. Its con
struction l» twin* kept a secret, but It Is whim
pered that It will enMly hold the cup. Amer
lea Is rapidly coming to the front, a good
•xample of this la In that famous household
r«n«iy Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, whirs
has defended health for half a century nast
It holds the record for the cure of dyiwnsta"
Indigestion, constipation, nervou3nes«, billotill
nets and la grlpp«.
FEWER SM'MF.r. FEN'S USED.
One Industry Seriously Affected by
the Spread of tho Typewriter.
"During the past year," said a Nassau
street stationer, "we have sold only half
the number of steel pens we sold la 1390.
And I would not be surprised to seo the
sales of pens fall off until only a few
stationers in town carried large stocks
of them. This," I think, ia due to the ad
vent of the typewriting machine.
"In almost every business house in tha
city typewriters are in use. and In sotn»
houses they have a system of keeping
books with typewriting machines. In the
County Register's office all the records
were for years kept with pen and Ink.
but now the copyists employed there aro
compelled to work typewriting machines.
Deeds are copied Into record books wltn
the aid of the typewriter, and the eor/ytet
of to-day has not the political slnecur-3
he had a few years ago. when any school
boy was competent to be a copyist in th-i
Register's office. Hundreds of boxes of
steel pens were In use there In those day*,
but now they uso only about 1 per cer*;
of the quantity formerly required.
"I would not be surprised if within th^
next few years several pen manufactur
ers save up business. Few people know
what a heap of bother and expense it 13
to make & pen. For instance, the steel
is first rolled into big sheets, and then
cut Into stripe about three Inches wide.
These strips are annealed. In other woni »
they are softly heated to a red heat and
permitted to cool very gradually, so tha:
the brittleness Is all removed and tho
steel is soft enough to be easily worked.
Then the strips are again rolled to tho
required thickness, or rather thinness, for
as you know the average steel pen is not
thicker than a piece of letter paper.
"The blank pen is n«xt cut out of tho
flat strip and the name of tha maker
stamped upon It. Then comes the mold
ing process. The pen is put in a mold
•which gives It grace and strength. Th<»
rounding enables the pen to hold tha
requisite Ink and to distribute the Ink
gradually. That little hole which is cut
near the end of the slit- also helps t>
moke the ink run properly and regulate*
the elasticity of the pen. Up to this
time the metal Is soft and Ieadllke. To
make it brittle and springy it Is tempered
by being heated to a cherry color and
then suddenly plunged into cold water.
But It Is then too brittle for use, so the
temper of the steel must be drawn. Th*
elasticity varies with the color, and each
color is obtained by suddenly pJungins:
the pen into cold water. Then follow the
slitting, polishing, pointing and flnlsnint;.
all of which Is done by expert workmen.
"But the price of pens has fallen greatlv
of late. and. as I said before, with the ad
vent of the new century, there will prob
ably be fewer pens manufactured an-1
more typewriters put to work."— Netr
York Sun.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA- J
J1KNTO, Jan. 7.— The Assembly met at 12
o'clock to-d.iy and in a short sesison, fol- |
lowed by another held set 4:30 o'clock,
practically completed Its organization.
Cornelius W. Pendleton was elected
Spe.-iker. Clio LJoyd, a Santa Barbara
newspaper man. was chosen chief clerk,
and W. O. Banks was elected sergeant at
arms. In a caucus of the Republican
members held In the afternoon, it was de
cided to increase the patronage per mem
ber from 46 85 to $S per day, and to-night
a committee of five is struggling with the
problem of a distribution of the loaves
and ttshes. The Assembly will meet .at
2 o'clock to-morrow afternoon to xecei\e
the report of the committee, j
Immediately after the caucus " *?"":
bers of the Assembly began to gather in
the Assembly chamber, and when the
noon hour had arrived there was scarcely
a vacant seat. Outside the railing spec
tators crowded the standing-room space,
and a fringe of them extended around the
of women P" 3 " 1 , 1 -
Mrs. Alden Anderson, lira. E. F. Tread
well Mrs. R. M. Clarke and Mrs. -yVarren
M. j'ohn occupied seats beside their hus-
A 1 s S hort delay was due to the non
arrfval of Superior Judge J. W. Hughes
of Sacramento, who was to administer the
oaths of office. At 12:15 o clock he ar
rived, and Chief Clerk Kyle of the
thirty-third session called the Assembly
B. Allen, a Unitarian min
ister lately of Marln County, now of Sac
ramento, opened the session with prayer.
Grove L/Johnson offered a resolution
providing that each member take tils
seat and office on the rollcall of the Sec
retary of State, and the resolution was
adopted unanimously.
Chief Clerk Kyle announced temporary
appointments as follows: By Serjeant
at Arms Banks, to be assistant sergeant
KISS, Daffil McPartland; by Chief
r*i<»rk Kvle to be postmaster, Jules Vol
slnet; gatekeepers. I.- J. Hall. J. Hocking
and H. H. Squires; pages Emmet
Rhodes, R. M. Rogers and Ralph
Dunlap' of San Joaquln offered a resolu
tion which was adopted, that members
present themselves at the desk ten at a
time to take the oath of office before
Judge Hughes. Clerk Kyle proceeded Im
mediately to- call the roll and Judge
Hughes administered the oath, of ofnee to
the members in groups of ten.
That ceremony being completed. Clerk
Kyle announced that "nominations for
Speaker are now In order."
Howard A. Boughton of Los Angeles
arose and placed in nomination Qorneiiua
W Pendleton In a brief speech, with lit
tle' attempt at oratory. Arthur G. Flsk.
chairman of the San Francisco delegation.
•econded the nomination.
F P. Fell* of Monterey nominated
Frank James of Los Angeles from the
Democratic side of the House, and F. H.
Klncald of San Joaauin seconded the
nomination.
The rollcall proceeded. Alden Anderson,
heading the list, voted for Pendleton In
a clear, distinct voice that was heard
throughout th« chamber. When Pendle
ton's name was called he cast his vote
for Anderson. Ell Wright, the Indepen
dent member from Santa Clara, cast his
vote for Fendleton. The vote stood:
Pendleton 69, James 19, Anderson 1.
James asked to be excused from voting:.
Clerk Kyle appointed Brown of San
Mateo. Myers of Kings and Johnson of
Sacramento to escort the Speaker-elect to
the chair. Judge Hughes administered
the oath of olflce. and Johnson Introduced
the Speaker to the Assembly. Pendleton
spoke briefly as follows:
"While the title of the office to which
you have Juit elected me is Speaker, my
oast experience has taught me that the
less the Speaker is heard the better he In
appreciated. I I will take occasion simply
to thank y$u for the honor you have
conferred upon me and to assure you
that this Is [the proudest moment of my
life/ I shall endeavor to preside with
strict falrntss and impartiality,- and to
facilitate as , much as lies within my
power our work of legislation."
" Schillig of Vuba and Sutter nominated
Ralston for Speaker pro tern., and Dun
lap of Stockton seconded the nomination.
Oscar Sutro 'Of San Francisco nominated'
Bert Schleslnrer, and the nomination was
seconded by Reeber of Sacramento. The
vote was 68 f »r Ralston and 20 for Schles
lnger. Brady of San Francisco was in the
lobby and did not vote. Messrs. Dun
lap, Schleslnser and Reeber were ap
pointed by Speaker Pendleton to escort
the Speaker prb tem. to the chair, where
the -.- Speaker himself administered the
oath of office. |
Grove L. Johnson, who had previously
offered a resolution, which was adopted,
that the standing rules of the thirty
third eession b« the temporary rules of
the thlrty-fourih session, now offered ; a
resolution that la special committee of
five, to include the Speaker, be appointed
to report rules; for the Assembly. The
resolution waW adopted, and Speaker
Pendleton namifl the other four members
as follows: Dtfjlap of Stockton. Johnson
of Sacramento, IRalston of Calaveras and
Schleslnger of Ban Francisco.
¦On motion on Johnson a recess till 4:30
p. m. was take). iMBMl|MtMMiM
Speaker Pendfton, upon calling the As
sembly to ordtf at 4:30 o'clock, declared
Committee of Five Struggling Over a
Distribution of Patronage.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
the order of business to be the election of
a chief clerk.
Warren M. John of San Lull Obispo
nominated Clio Uoyd. J. J. Crowly, As
semblyman two years ago from San Fran
cisco, was nominated by J. A. Habbard of
Shasta and Modoc. On the roll call LJqy/1
received 60 votes to 16 for Crowly. Ell
Wright, the. independent, voted, for Lloyd.
Lon Henry of San Francisco nominated
W. O. Banks for sergeant at arms. A
motion to close the nominations was car
ried and Banks -was elected, receiving: 71
votes. .
R. I. TVlckman was nominated for min
ute clerk by H. C. Carter of Los Anselo*.
There was no opposition and tho vote was
76 for Wickharn.
Knowland of Alameda offered a resolu
tion that the- chief clerk, sergeant at
arms and mlnuto cleric present themselves
at once at the bar of the Assembly to
, take the oath, of office-. The resolution
\ was adopted, and Speaker Pendleton ad
ministered the oath of office to the three.
On motion of Johnson, the Assembly ad
journed until 2 o'clock to-morrow after
noon, at which time organization will 1> •;
completed, provided the patronage com
mittee shall be ready to report.
Speaker Pendleton say* that he will
have his committees completed and ready
for announcement late this week. Usual
ly the Speaker has not announced com
mittees until the second week of the ses
sion: , .--<_ ._.
ASSEMBLY PRACTICALLY
COMPLETES ORGANIZATION
C&IEF CLEBkJof THE ASSEMBLY, CLIO LLOYD, AND HIS
UNSUCCESSFUL RIVAIj, "JIM" OLIVES. _______
LEGISLATURE AWAITS THE MESSAGE OF GOVERNOR GAGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUAflY 8, 1901.
Stops the Cough.
And works off the coM.:. Laxative Bromo Qul
nlne Tablet* cure a cold in one day. No Cure,
No raj-. Price 25 cents. •
STOCKTON; Jan. 7.— One of the inost Im
portant- captures ¦ made-'by ; the local po
lice force In a lonsr ilme '_ was; eftectfed at
noon- to-day, when officers arested, Edwin
Robinson, the colored; • burglaf Jj\at>' . the
Southern Pacific Depot as. h'e, was. about
to board the train t Or 'San Tranclsco. "
Robinson has been operating in this city,
for some time, and Chief Gall has had the
entire force on the lookout for him. Last
night the colored man. robbed the resi
dence of Dr. G. S. Harkness in : this city.
Chief Gall detailed Ihree men to watch
all the outboutl trains.
Robinson was dressed handsomely. He
had on Dr. Harkness' dress suit and over
coat valued at $75. The officers decided
to take him Into, cus'ofly on suspicion.
They cornered Robinson . and slipped on
a pair of handcuffs. .He submitted. to be
ing led to a second-hand store, where. he
had sold some of 'the plunder taken from
the Newell house. 'The.proprietor.identi
fied Robinson. At that Robinson made i a
desperate attempt to kill Officer Dlarmid
with the handcuffs. All three officers
Edward Robinson .Arrested
With Plunder on
LOS ANGELES, Jan. T.-Al* Levy, the
well known restaurateur on Third street,
has - been cited to . appear before Judge
Smith to-morrow . morning to '. answer a
charge of contempt of court, preferred by
Foreman*? J. /A. ; Polk of the Grand Jury.
It is supposed that the citation Is the re
sult^ of ¦ Levy's refusal to answer certain
questions propounded relating . to the . al
leged ¦ dealings of the Police Commission
ers with liquor dealers and restaurant men.
The Grand Jury I has for some time been
probing the- charges made in the report
of the committee of safety. : The members
of the Police Commission, several restau
rant men* and other- witnesses have been
examined In regard ' to : the matter. It is
said that Levy's offense consists of a re
fusal* to divulge the .name -of a person
who. It Is claimed, was negotiating with
a public- official to pay 'him $200 for "his
vote on i the liquor matter. . Levy knows
the name of. the man who was to pay. the
bribe money,' It Is [ said, but- had given
his word not to divulge it.
GRAND JURY
IS AFTER LEVY
Cite Los Angeles' Restaura
teur to Tell All About
Police Deals.
grappled with the' desperate man. who
fought like a demon. A blow on tho head
from a revolver knocked him senseless.
When searched at the Jail 'Robinson wa<J
found to have on an entire suit of clothed
stolen from the Harkness residence. All
tha property stolen from, the 'Newell and
the Harkness houses was In a valise.
Robinson was armed with . a heavy six
shooter. Ha claims to have come hero
from the Bast. . . •¦ s. ¦
FOR DIVISION OF IDAHO.
Plan^ to Annex Northern Portion to
. Washington.,
SPOKANE, Jan. 7.— Plans are being
formed here to secure the annexation Of
the northern part of Idaho to tho State of
Washington. State Representative H. D.
Lorltt Is planning: to bring this project
before the Legislature at: Its coming ses
sion. The purpose Is to add to this State
the entire region known " as "the Pan
handle." lying : north oC\ the forty-sixth
parallel, which is the southern boundary
of Washington, s This would Include Koc
tenal. Shoshone. Latah and Nez Pcrce and
part of Idaho County, takinpr In all of the
famous Coeur d'Alene silver-lead mining
district; as well as most of*the rich Clear
water gold fields.
.The plan Is received with, enthusiasm
here, and Northern Idaho has In the past
voted 'in favor of such annexation ¦ by • an
overwhelming majority.. It is argued that
Southern Idaho would \ now consent' be
cause of the lack of railway connection
between the two parts of the State, and
especially because of the great expense
resulting ' from ' the : mmlrfg riots in tho
Cocur. d'Alene district and .two years, of
martial law. , \ . : '
Senate Committee Will Recommend
That the \ Governor. Name
' State Printers. ; : . ; ;
.. /. - • .
CALL HEADQUARTERS. " SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 7.— In the first batch of
bills will b'e one to appropriate $50,000 to
enable the State Printing Office to do the
printing, required far this session of the
Legislature. No doubt other requests
for money will follow as the session pro
gresses. The State Printer has on file tha
usual number of applications for positions
in his office, and the number of demands
is far in excess of the number of places
at his disposal.:
The report of the committee appointed
from the Senate to investigate the condi
tion of affairs at the Stae Prinlng Office
will be submitted to-morrow. It will rec
ommend that; the policy- of tho Governor
In regard to the State Printing Office, be
continued; also that the positions in the
office be taken out of legislative politics
by allowing the Governor to appoint.
Attention will be called to the fact that
rates at the State office are from 25 o JoO
per cent higher than^they are ouKlde. and
from 250 to 300 per cent higher than they
would be under the contract system. The
report. will recommend that modern ma
chinery and typesettinir machines :b* put
In: that the wag«*s bo cut down to the
hichest average union rate in the State
(they are now from 25 to 33 per cent over
that), and that men be employed for their
ability and not because cf their politic*.
mittee on prisons. Kelson the committee
en commerce, harbors and rivers, Rowell
the committee on hospitals. Currier the
Irrigation commit te* and Simpson the
committee on corporations. Currier and
Eimpson held these chairmanships at the
last session.
MORE PLUMS IN
GAGE'S ORCHARD
Speaker Pendleton Is busy with his com
mittee appointments, and, as In the-Sen
ate, no Inkling of his selections has been
given officially. There Is no doubt that
Johnson will be chairman of the judiciary
cemmittee Ralston is scheduled for the
chairmanship of the committee on mines
and mining, Atherton for that of the com
mittee on prisons Rnd Schilling for that
of the apportionment committee. It is
believed that Kelly will get the chairman
ship of the committee on printing. Macbeth
the committee on elections, Houri&an the
committee on labor and capital, Bauer the
committee on fish and game, Merrill tha
roeds and highways committee. Know
land the committee on commerce and
navigation, Broughton the committee on
public buildings and grounds and Mlllce
the committee on Irrigation.
Continued from First Page.
REPUBLICANS IN CAUCUS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACHA
MENTO. Aug. 7.— There waji talk In the
DIVISION OF
SANTA CLARA
Mr. .Sutro has nlso several hills for th*
protection of Jurors and the regulation of
their fpes. These measures will aim to
make Jurors' fees uniform throughout the
State: to have jurors pnid in criminal as
woll as civil cases, which will affect San
Francisco particularly, and to provide
that the Sheriffs of the various counties
make proper provision for the comfort
and health of the Jurors under their
charge. He, will also introduce a bill, sub
mitted to him by the California Club,
which will provide for the protection of
the meadow lark, the only wild nonff bird
of this State. The bill will make it a mis
demeanor to hunt the birds at any time.
Sutro of San Francisco has another Im
portant piece, of legislation and one that
may cut a prominent figure in the primary
law legislation. He has a bill to introduce
In California the primary law now work
ing successfully in Wisconsin.
Tho Wisconsin law provides that at the
primaries >the voters shall vote for the
candidates themselves and not for dele
gates to a convention. In this way tho
nominating, as well - as the electing, ia
done directly by the ¦••voters. The bill
probably will be introduced In the Senate
at the same time.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, JanJ 7.— The Assembly commit
tee on rules met to-night and decided to
recommend the adoption of the standing
rules of the thirty-third session, with the
addition of two committees— an apportion
ment committee and a committee on the
revision of the code, the latter to co-op
erate with the Judiciary committee.
Senate lobby to-day that the proposition
to divide Santa Clara County would be
presented to the Legislature In the form
of a general bill, such as the amended
constitution authorizes. The Senators
representing the county are Inclined to
hold that the advocates of the division
will not submit the measure at this ses
sion. The Immense sums of money ex
pended to bring about the division of
Colusa County and the creation of Glenn
County are mentioned, and the argument
Is advanced that the interests seeking the
division of Santa Clara County could not
be persuaded to contribute the means
necessary to Insure the success of the
fight.
It Is proposed to ta.ke a strip from the
southern portion of Santa Clara and cre
ate a new county with Gllroy as th« coun
ty seat The northern boundary Ho© of the
proposed new county is about ten miles
south Of San Jose. . . . - •,
ASSEMBLY RULES ADOPTED.
Sutro of San Francisco Will Attempt to Introduce Wis
consin's Primary Law in This State.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 7.— Now that the ppeaker
ship fight is over, legislation is beginning
to appear among the counter currents of
the search for places. Several bills that
will be of more than ordinary interest will
be Introduced in the early part of the ses
sion, among them being an inheritance
tax measure, which will be introduced In
the Senate, probably by Rowell. It may
also be introduced simultaneously in the
Assembly. The bill Includes the salient
points of the old collateral inheritance tax
and adds to it a ta:* on direct inheritances.
The tax provided is a small one, amount-
Ing to from one-half of 1 per cent to 1 per
cent, and It Is provided in the measure
that the revenue therefrom shall g-o to
the State University. The old collateral
Inheritance tax, amounting to about 5 per
cent, was turned Into the school fund, and
under the bill to be Introduced, this pro
vision will not be Interfered with, but It
will be provided that the new direct tax
shall be used to help swell the revenue of
the State University.
Another bill which will help out th.*
State University is one providing a gradu
ated fee for corporations, both foreign
Rnd domestic, dolni business In this State.
The plan Is to grade the fee In proportion
to tho capital; provided, however, that th<«
fee shall not exceed $500. The present few
of $25 for articles of Incorporation goes
to tne State Library fund. -Thla-ttae bill
will not disturb, but the bill will provid*
that the Increase over the* present $23 fe«
shall belong to the university. -.._ ; .
POLICE BATTLE
WITH BURGLAR
GRIST OF BILLS THAT WILL PROVE OF
INTEREST TO CALIFORNIA TAXPAYERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA- j
MENTO. Jar.. 7.— The 'Seriatr- organized | i
TO-^ay by rlortinK Th«irm.« Flint Jr. presl- | :
*>ni pro te:n.. Frank J. Brandon pecre- i
lary and J. Louis Martin wrreant at I
srms. After polet-tinsr minor officers, a \
committee was appointed t«.» v»ait on the :
Governor and notify him that the Sen
af wa? ready to receive communications.
The Senate was <_al!<d to order by I-.U-J
tf-nant Governor Jacob H. Neff it j
noon to-tisy. All bul two of the j
Senators were in their *eat*. Ash'.
>vap nr-s*>r.t, but came ia a liitie later. B/wl
Curtia did not appear at all. The roll of
holdover Senators was called, and then
that of the new ones, and at the mention
of thfir nanrf they came out before the
President's dc^k and took the oath of of
fice, administered Ly Ju-igetilaghes. Then
the appointment of temporary attaches
was announced, and Cutter fcubmitt*-d a
resolution to the effect that the Senate
proceed to the election of a President pro
icm., a secretary, a eerKtant at arms anJ
a chaplain.
In itfponsc to a cail from the President
for nominations for President pro tern,
benator Lovitt arose and namca Thomas
Kiint Jr. of S.tn Juan, who has served In
that capacity for lour sessions. He sp^ke
of Flints association with the old mem
bers of the Senate and assured the new
member? that they would rind him hon
f-st «nd able. There was appiausc at his
nomination, and more applause when the
unanimous vote of the Senate was an
nounced to be in his favor.
Senator Shortiidjre. responding- to a call ,
for nominations for secretary, placed the
narne of Frank J. Brandon ol Santa Clara
btfore the Senate, describing htm as be
ing entitled to the place because of hla
pbility and length ot service and charac
terizing him as a man than whom there
was no bolter for the place. C M. Simp
son seconded the nomination, and again
the vote was unanimous. Brandon has
served during six *"'»*ioiis as secretary.
For sergeant at arms Senator L>avis
nominated J. I-oui? Martin, ancthfjr old
attache of the Senate, and once more the
vote was unanimous.
For the position of cha-plaln Senator
Muenter nominated Re%\ W. C Evans of
the Central M. K. <*hurch of Stockton. He
was elected unanimously. .
Cutter submitted a resolution providing
thai the rule* of the last t»e-?sion of the
Fenate. !v? the temporary rules of the pres
ent session, amended, however, so as to
provide thst thp Senate convene at 11 in
stead of 10 o'clock, and also to provide
'.mme<1iately for a Committee on Rules.
The President appointed as the Commu
te* on Rules Cutter. 8. C. Smith and Sims.
Temporary attaches were appointed as
follows: Minute, clerk. E. F. Mitchell;
postmistress, MIps Mamie L»uchslnger;
gatekeepers— G. A. Byron, Ben Gray and
J. Frazier; pages— Don Shields, Monroe
GiUman and E. M. Smith.
The Senatw then took a recess until 5
o'clock in the afternoon.
The Senate had no sooner convened at
K o'clock than the Senators began to show
sirna «f activity. Several resolutions
wer« submitted, all t^ndins toward as
flstlnj; organization, and then Senator
Elm» arose to submit n reBolution provid •
ing for the appointment of George J.
Cle&ry to be stenographer to the Demo
cratic minority. At of»ce-Cutter arose to
advocate the resolution, an action which
came a* a surprise to n.any. as the agree
ment of the caucus, of which he was sec
retary, and which had voted down a Rlm
ilar resolution, was e,tlll fresb and bind
ing. Cutter argued that, as the Demo
crats paid a eood naif of the- taxes of
the State, from Which were paJd the:sal
axles of ail those the .Republicans weie
appointing-, the Democratic ; rninorlty
F.hould be given this rmall morsel. "Sen
ator Smith opposed the resolution on the
eround that the matter had already been
disposed of In the caucus and. further,
because he believed the stenographers ap
pointed by a resolution submitted by Cut
ter and adopted a few minutes before
Should treat all Senators alike. Sims
backed his resolution with the argumen:
that a number of committee clerks would
he allowed and the Democratic minority
asked only for a clerkship. The resolu
tion -was adopted.
Davis submitted a resolution notifying
the Assembly that the Senate had organ
' Jzed and was ready to proceed to busi
ness, which was adopted.
Shortridge . submitted a resolution pro
viding- for the appointment of a commit
tee of three to notlfv the Governor that
the Senate had organized and was ready
to receive any communication he might
wish to deliver. The resolution waa
Rdopted and Senators Shortridge, Mag
paid and Sims were appointed on the
committee. They returned In a few min
utea and Shortrldge reported that tho
Governor had been notified and that he
returned his greetings and announced
that he would have a communication lor
the Senate when it convened .to-morrow.
Senator Selvage introduced a. joint reso
lution inviting President McJClnley. v Vic«»
President Roosevelt, the 'Governor-*- V-.f
Ohio, the State officers of Ohio,. the fncin-
V.ere of the Cabinet andithe Ohio delega
tion In Congress to; visit the State on tim
occasion of the launching of the battle
ship Ohio at the- Union -Iron- Works on
May IS next- This wass passed;and Wolic,
who Mid he object (A to the -form, bul
not to to© substance of the resolution.
Minor Officers Named and a Crumb of
Comfort Given the Democrats.
The Senate adjourned to 2 o'clock to
morrow afternoon, when the • Governor
will be received.
pave notice of reconsideration. It Is un
derstood that he believes the invitation
should i-nnif from the (Jovernor.
fvrpeant at Arms Martin announced
thai lif> had appointed Joseph E. Mcpafl
fru temporary service in his office.
At thf beginning of the afternoon «es-
Finn Cutter submitted a resolution, tvhirfi
T.-.is adnptPd. appointing the following of
ficers of the Senate:
. AfMMapt Fccretari"«— F. I.,. Thomas, I. S.
Lnjan «n.i Kr C. Michaels.
Assistant at desk— I.. I'iortR. /
Assistant crrKfar.t at arm?— P. M. Brttman.
To thf Finance <"ommltt*>r — John .Parsrnt.
To th<? Jii-liriary i'omm!tt"-.I, J. Sullivan.
To +>e Rs.-ipwi— John n. Kennedy. -, 1
r.o^HkopiK-r to the 'srrgoant at arms— C. E.
Williams.
Minute clerk-E. F. Mitchell.
Assistant minute clerks— D. G. Holt, J. Carin
and G^rtrgf Donahue.
Journal clerk— W. F. Mixon.
Assistant journal clerks— T. Marios and Sam
uel \Vs
KnroMlns and enerosflns clrrk— J. J. Breen.
Assistant rnrollinK an<l enfcrosslnj; cl»rk» — F.
Barn»t. \V. H. LMrklnson nn<i O. B. Kean«.
History derk-rEinia*tt Phillips.
Assistant history cl«*rfs — George Trowbrldge.
Bill f.le r «— R. B. Goodsell. C. Mekolf and
Charles Tuttle.
Bill cl'rkf— Ooorite Merrltt, John Lawless,
Wilbur l.anktree an<l Joseph Villar.
Popftnlstrens— Miss I.*. M. I.uch*ln(ter.
AfF'.stant postmistress— Miss C. Ayre*.
Mail carriers— J. C. Atkinson *n<\ Thomas
Mulvaney.
Gate V;e«-rers— James Brown, J. Blodgett an<l
M. D. Rine.
Doorkeeper — L. Orteira.
Oallpry doorkeeper— A. Jt. Tilton.
Me»>*rnRrrs to State Printer— James Vail an4
J. Sampson.
Cloak-room clerk— Jtmn Bishop.
{stenographers — cs. B. Snyder. Kitty Curley
an<i Spencer Ttiley.
Watchmrn— J. H. Bailey, Richard Parker and
H. Marks.
Press maillnjr clerks — J. M. William* in and
Minn Ella Maloney.
SENATE ELECTS FLINT AS
ITS TEMPORARY PRESIDENT
2
CAUGHT BY CARTOONIST VVARRBN WITH HIS FUNNY PENCIL.
BOSS" KELLY AND THAT rORTlON OF THE NUCLEXTS
KK0W2* AS SIO BETTMAN.SAN RAFAEL. Jan. ".-Five fighting
Mongols came near finding a watery
grave m the bay above California City
laft night while returning to their camp.
Their junk upset through car^essness
p.nd a stiff breeze, and after floating In
the water for several hours the.'r lusty
calls for help were heard by some Italian
fishermen who were camped on chore
for the night The.y went to the rescue
cf the Imperiled Chinese and soon had
them afh-ore. The accident was caused
by the Chinamen becoming Involved In a
fight. "Big Joe," one of the men, wore
a fresh Sounder tied to his almond and
purpl© optic. "Too muchee flghtee. too
inuchee water, heap dam fool." wao bla
graphic description of the encounter.
Death in the Bay.
Five Celestials Narrowly Escape
CHINESE JUNK OVERTURNS.
Probably the Latona.
PORT TOWKSEND, Wash.. Jan. 7.—
Shipping men here have no doubt that the
vessel reported from London as being
wrecked near Manila Is the Chilean bark
Latona.. Captain Edward Gllmore," which
sailed from here three months ago with
a lumber cargo from Port Blakeley for
Chile. The name Leonora given in the
dispatches is believed to be an error. Sev
eral weeks ago the Latona waa spoken by
the schooner Azelia. whose captain saw
no officers, and was Impressed with the
idea that there had been a mutiny on the
bark.
Homer Damaged.
STOCKTON, Jan. 7.— Some little excite
ment was occasioned here about noon to
day by the report that some boys digging
for mushrooms in a vacant lot east of
the Southern Pacific passenger station
had unearthed a quantity of silver dol
lars. It was discovered that the coin was
spurious, and it is supposed to have been
burled there about ten years ago by some
of the counterfeiting gang in which a
man named Howcll of this city waa sup
posed to have been the loader, llowell
was tried and acquitted,, however. Nearly
one . hundred of ¦ the bad dollars were
found. • ,
Counterfeit Coin "Unearthed.
The deeds filed relate to the Arguello
buildings on First street, south cf San
Fernando. James Arguello, Mrs. Fisher
and Mrs. George, daughters, are each
deeded one of the blocks. The estate con
sists of a block in San Francisco, build
ings in Santa Clara and others In this
city.
COLOMBIA AITD VENEZUELA
ABE ON VERY BAD TERMS
Latter Republic Charged With Giving
Aid to Revolutionists in the
Former State.
KINX3STOX. Jamaica, Jan. 7.— Letters
received here from Panama fay the rela
tions between Colombia and Venezuela
are much strained in consequence of the
tatter's connivance with and the assist
ance being given to the revolutionists In
the former country. The activity of the
rebels, it is added, only restriins Colombia
trom taking warlike measures against
Venezuela and even now Colombian troops
are being moved to the border. The rebeN
are still receiving large supplies of arms
and ammunition through Venezuela. /
SAN JOSE, Jan. 7.— The promised con
test over the half-million dollar estate
of Don Luis Arguello. who died at his
home at Santa Clara a few years ago, has
been averted by the heirs coming to an
understanding among themselves. Quit*
claim deeds have been filed by which Mrs.
Rita. Barron. Albert R. and Charles F
Arguello. children of the old Spanish cap
italist, and Mamie Kinney, a niece, re
linquish all right in the estate. These four
were the plaintiffs in the suit brotfght for
a revocation of the testator's will. Ar
guello gare away most of his property by
deed before his death. Mrs. PJdelfrida
Arguello, his 'second wife, and James Ar
guello. a son. received greater shares than
the other children, and this brought on
the contest. Just what the terms of the
compromise are those interested will not
say.
at San Jose.
AHGUELLO HEIRS COMPROMISE.
Contestants File Quit Claim. Deeds
The route which presents the least ob
stacle, and which is likely to be chosen.
1* on the Savoy side, -departing from the
village of Houcbes. There will be twelve
station.*, which will be e?pecially built to
rosis*!, the climatic conditions, and will be
f upplletl with every convenience for trav
<¦/• rs. The length of the mountain rail
way is *»<Jtiraaled at eleven miles. The
hyrtrauHo«powcr, which will be electricity,
will be obtained from the River Arve and
the Mer de Glace. The author of the
scheme, a French engineer named Fabre,
hs* laid the plar.s of the new railway be
fore the French Minister of the Interior.
There is every likelihood that In a few
years the immense panorama from - the
*ummit of Mont Blanc will be able to be
y* v.ed without danger or fatigue by. tour-
The construction of a railway to the
fummit of Mont Blanc similar In all re
ppeets to the Jungfrau line Is under con
sideration at Geneva. Well known ex
jwrts like M. Vallot, director of the Mont
Klanc Observatory, and M. Deperet, pro-
TPFsor of mineralogy at the Lyons Uni
versity, who have lately been examining
the different routes and atmospheric con
ditions, believe that the scheme is feas
ible.
TJp Moat Blanc by T*M1
Tunnel From Gibraltar to Morocco.
Consul Monaghan of Chemnitz Inform.i
the State Department that a Parisian en
gineer has recently finished a plan accord-
In? to which the Spanish railroads ter
minating in Gibraltar will be connected
by means of a tunnel crossing under the
Strait of Gibraltar with tile railroad l.'nes
o! Morocco. Several of the men interested
In the scheme are now In Morocco tryinsr
io obtain permission to build a railroad in
that place. Technically, the plan Is not
impossible, as It Is merely a question of
Wing through rock. Several plans of
this natur»> — for instance, the tunnel from
Calais to Dover, which fell through owing
to some opposition: the plan to bridg* the
Bosphorus, etc.— have recently gone to
pieces, and It now remains to be seen,
*-ays Mr. Monaghan. how far this scheme
¦w ill be carried out, and to -what extent
it will receive the support of capitali.jts.'
EUREKA. Jan. 7.— Eel River ha»
overflowed Its banks, bringing dis
aster j to residents of the valley.
The river at Scotia reached forty
five feet _ above .low water mark. ¦ Oa
account of the nature of the valley the
damage will be very great. The floodln?;
of Eel River has done immense damage,
destroying 1 both * livestock and buildings.
It is stated that fully 500 head of caltle
have been lost, and what were once beau
tiful grazing pastures In the valley" be
tween here and Ferndale are now similar
to redwood land about being cleared up
for farming. A vast amount of wood and
rubbish is left upon what was fine gra.ss.
A prominent dairyman says the result
of the flooding of tha fields will make it
Impossible for grass to grow through the
debris remaining upon th«« fields. The
consequence Is that dairymen in the
flooded districts will have ni? grass for
their cattle. It. will be necessary for them
to replow these fields and reseed them.
This, of course, will entail a serious losd
upon dairymen— a loss that cannot be esti
mated at present, as the dairymen must
sell their stock, having no grass to feed
them. .'•/', ''/;'¦
. Erickson's ranch on the Island below Lo
leta. called NiggerheaC. lost, it is said.
Beventy-flve head of cows and six head of
horses. The family had a narrow escape,
being obliged to flee from the house at
2 o'clock in the morning In a boat.
• At Slngley's Ferry the flood" got Into
the dwelling, house on the bank and Hi
"occupants remained on chairs, the legs
of which were totally submerged. Thcra
they passed the night. Bannister school
house on. Van Duzen River, about three
miles from Burnells, was washed away."
Not a vestige of It remains. The road has
also been completely washed away at that
point. At Christenser, s ranch on . the
marsh below Loleta eighty head of cattle
have been lost. \ At East Ferry, above
Fortuna, the wire cable broke.
On the Sandy Pralne road near Fortuna
It Is a common sight to pee small build
ings lying" on the .side 'of the road. J.
Fell's property on this road . has been
completely Inundated. 1* Zahner's^placa.
a mile above Fell's on Ihe same road. wa.<
tilled .with water.. In order to save their
lives when the water .was eisht feet In
the house the members ' of the ; family
climbed Into the hayloft.
. , The embankment in the course of con
struction by the Eel River Railroad at
Slngley's station is fast .being washed
away.by the force of the swollen waters.
Webber's ranch of forty acres on the
Van Duzen . is wasliod . away entirely.
Many bridges between Hydesvllle arid
Blocksburg are washed out. Undoubtedly
the total loss In thlp valley will reach
hundreds of thousands of dollars. Tht
storm subsided -somewhat yesterday, but
has 'started again, with prospects for a
continuance.. . .
', MODESTO, Jan. 7.— The Tuolumne
River Is over Its banks and higher than
it has been for many years. Bottom lands
will be .damaged where cultivated.' The
San Jcaquln Klver Is also rising and la
now above high water mark. No, reports
of "bridges: being', unsafe have, been re
ceived here.
VISAI.1A. Jan. ?.— VIsaKa Is surrounded
by water. There is a break nt to feet in
tbo St. John* levee. About nn If a raile of
the Santa Fftj>«adbed has been wrecked
by water. %MZ. streets of Vi*alla may be
Inundated belor.vraori.inK. The city Is In
darknet-s, owing to damage done by" water
to the Mount Whitney system. <
SAN .BERXAP.l)INO.;jan. 7.— In the
Tucalpa Valiey wvpt ten, inches of rain
has ¦ . fallen : and . bridges 'are washed 'out.
One' ranch, owned by,'a ChfnamaR, wa^
YTRMhert nway and 1* covered. with sand,
whl'.o many other farms have Immense
arroyes out ncrOBS .them, iniuring them
proatly. , San Mateo Canyon, which has
been dry for years, flows cr stream twenty
feet-deep, endnngering the Southern Pa
.clflc road. fall - in- -Bear Valley
for;the storm was live Inches of rain and
two 4 feet of snow. Down In the valley
around here orchards are injured to some
extent, especially around Ontario.
MERCED. Jan.; 7.— On account of . the
heavy, rains < in the mountains the waters
cf Bear Creek, which is located north of
this city, broke through the levee and
made its way to th©, town, flooding tho
greater portion of the residences and com
pelling' several families to vacate their
homey. It also washed away several hun
dred feet of track of the Santa Fe and
southern Pacific companies' roods, caus
ing the trans several hours' delay. Re
ports come thatthe waters of the Merced
Klver. In their mad rush, carried away
several bridges. .
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 7.— Rain ha3 fallen,
at intervals throughout the day all over
the county and has done a world of good
particularly In the big valleys, whera
much grain wss put in ami where the
heavy November rains carried the K«iin
through the dry December, when no rain
feu. In the bay region the fall for the
day amounted to .66 of an inch, making
.<2 of an Inch for the storm and 2.1i inches
for the »ason, against 2.30 Inches to the
same date Jast year. In the mountain
valleys antTfoothill section the fall waa
from three to five, times what it was in
the city, and from reports received it !»
evident that the rain extended well into
Lower California,
Eel River Overflows Its Banks, De
stroying Crops and Carrying
Away Buildings.
HUNDREDS OF CATTLE
PERISH IN THE STORM
VANCOUVER, B. C. Jan. 7.— Major
Bennett, senior officer In the Duke of Con
naught's Own Rifles, created a sensation
on Sunday evening In an attack he made
upon the soldiers who refused to turn out
to church parade In the thick of a blind
ing snow storm. The soldiers showed
their resentment by hissing: the major,
and to-day his attack was the talk of the
town. Only half the strength of the regi
ment had turned out, and when they re
turned • to the drill hail Major Bennett
opened fire. He said that the compli
mentary remarks oZ' Colonel Worsnop
were intended only for the men who were
present.
"Those who refused to turn out to-day
are a pack of curs. The,y axe fair weath
er soldiers." the irate major continued,
"and not nt to wear the Queen's uniform.
They are a disgrace to the regiment, and
if I had my way every man who did not
turn out to-day would be discharged and
his uniform called in."
The absentees were very wroth to-day.
One non-commissioned officer, who de
clined to march throueh a -foot of snow,
said: "Xo Canadian will stand such treat
ment as Major Bennett threatens, an.l
the sooner he finds it out tho better it
will be for the Duke of Connaught's Own
Rifles."
Major Binnett Stirs Up a
Hornet's Nest in Van
couver Barracks.
DUKE'S OWN
CALLED CURS
Martial law has been proclaimed in the
districts of Calvinla, Clanwllliam. Piquet
burg. Pulbagh. Paarl and "Stellelbosch.
A Bloemfonteln special says: It Is report
ed that an Influential peace commission
Is being formed here to interview General
Dewet, Mr. Steyn and other leaders re-
R-ardinc L<ord Kitchener's terms and to en
deavor to induce them to yield.
A special from Cape Town says: P. H.
Melan. editor of the One Land, the prin
cipal Afrikander newspaper here, has beeu
arrested on the charge of seditious libel,
consisting of reflections upon the conduct
of General French and his troops. He is
a member of the Cupe P«rllament and his
arrest has long been demanded by the ex
treme loyalists. The authorities accepted
ball In the sum of £500.
Kitchener's dispatch must not be con
founded with Junction, Cape
Colony. Possibly the ecene of the fight
Is the Naauwpoort on 'the railroad be
tween Potchefstrom and Frederlkstaad,
Transvaal.
OLD-TIME ARCHITECT
GOES TO HIS MAKER
James E. Wolfe, Designer of Many Prom
jnent; Structures Throughout This
JAMES E. WOLKE, who was one of
the oldest architects in this State,
passed away at his residence on
Post street Monday morning at the
advanced agre ,of 80 years. Al
though he was a man of marked abilities,
he was of a retiring disposition and little
known outside of his profession and the
fraternal societies of which he was a
member. . :<®S*«-2SlS9*? t !*** 5r ? s ?
Mr. Wolfe was horn at Baltimore In 1820.
After having learned to dc an architect
he came to this city In the spring of; '51.
He was acquainted with many of the pio
neers of the State and assisted in build
ing up , San Francisco. Some, of the old
buildings that serve as landmarks I in va
rious parts of the citv ; were constructed
by him. His work was not alone confined
to this city, but may be found In many
parts of the .State. He succeeded In
amassing a large fortune, but Invested
in stocks and lost a large portion of-- It.
The deceased was an officer . of both
the Druids and Knlg-nts of 'Pythias.' -..The
Architectural Review was founded by him
In 1872. His son," George H. Wolfe, Is now
editor of it. A wife, Elizabeth, and three
children. George H. . Wolfe, Mrs. N. Has
ty and Mrs. E>. V. Dodge, survive the de
ceased. The ; funeral will ,' take place
to-morrow from Knights of Pythias
Hall at 2 p. m. under the auspices of the
Knights of Pythias. Interment will be. at
Odd Fellows', Cemetery. -
TAXATION RELATIONS WITH
THE INSULAR POSSESSIONS
. CALL BUREAU, 140« G STREET, ;N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.—Complica
tions are again clouding the Chinese sit
uation. - A dispatch was received to-day
from Minister Conger confirming the re
poct of tho failure of the Chinese envoys
to sign the preliminary . agreement
reached by the powers. The. Indemnity
question is causing the authorities con
cern, and the agitation felt In European
channels over the Russo-Chlnese ' agree
ment regarding Manchuria has communi
cated itself to the officials here. /
Minister Conger will try to Induce the
Chinese envoys to accept promptly the
preliminary demands of the powers and
begin negotiations for a . permanent
treaty. The State Department has ad
dressed Inquiries to the powers as to the
method to be pursued to reach a" speedy
and effective disposition' of the claims for
Indemnity. I
Europe will be allowed to' deal with the
Ruaso-Chlnese . agreement, the United
States not entering, for the present at
least, into their discussion or Impugning
Russia's purpose to evacuate Manchuria.
At. the same time the authorities think It
advisable for the protection of American
interests to keep advised of Russia's <SJn
duct, although it is not watched with the
keenness that every act of Germany and
Great Britain Is scrutinized.
It is understood. that the Cabinet meet-
Ing to-morrow will consider the Chinese
question especially with relation , to In
demnity, and it" is expected that this Gov
ernment will . finally recommend that the
matter be left to The Hague court of ar
bitration. .
PEKING. Jan. 7.— The report that the
Chinese court has instructed the Chinese
peace envoys to sign the Joint note of the
powers is confirmed." The court referred
to the objection to the southern viceroys,
which are the same as tha court has.
Prince Chlng. however, . informed the
court that it was " too late and a reply
from the court is expected shortly.
Solicitor General Replies to Ex-Presiden
Harrison in the Porto Rico Cases.
Mr. Carlisle objected to the . consolida
tion of the Crassman case, involving- the
legality of duties collected on goods com
ing to the United States from Hawaii
and it accordingly was not included In the
consolidated list of five. That case and
others involving cognate questions will be
argued after'the conclusion of the consoli
dated cases, so that ltls probable the re
mainder of the week will be given ,up by
the court to.the question of the relation
of the United States to Its insular posses
sions.
The argument In the United States
Supreme Court In the Porto Rican
cases. Involving the question 1 of the
legality of duties Imposed by this coun
try on goods shipped from the United
States to Porto' Rico and from Porto Rico
to the United States, did not begin to
day, as other cases preceding had the ef
fect of postponing it until to-morrow. The
court, however, took sufficient cognizance
of the eases to decide what time should
be given to each side of the controversy
The question was raised by former Secre
tary Carlisle, who stated that five of the
cases could be consolidated. These five
are the casen of Dell ma and others versus
Collector Bid well, S. B. Downs versus Col
lector Bidwell. two cases of H. W. Dooley
versus the United States and Carlos Axm-
Btrong versus the United States. Upon
suggestion the court awarded five hours
to each side of the controversy.
Mr. Carlisle stated that these cases In
volved the double question of the power
of the United States to levy duty on goods
being shipped in both directions, the ques
tion, regarding the Imposition of -duties
on goods going into Porto Rico being en
tirely new.
In a recent address, a portion or which I
understand has been brought to the attention
of the court, a distinguished statesman and
lawyer affects to believe that, if the view of
the Government is correct Congress could,
without constitutional objection, pass a Porto
Rican act providing for a number of shocking
things. The Government has never asserted
and does not believe that Congresa has the
power of a desDot In Porto Rica The funda
mental limitations In favor of personal rights
which ere formulated in the constitution and
Its amendments, referred to- by Mr. Justice
Bradley, stand In the way of everything sug
gested which shocks the moral eenee. Con-
Kress could not pase an ex post facto law. or
oeclare an attainder, or grant any title of
nobility, or provide . for that trial or punish
ment of treason other than In the way markeii
out by the constitution, all these things be
ing prohibited by direct. and applicable pro
visions. If the first ten amendments do not
limit, by direct . application. Congresa In legis
lating for our new possessions, neither do they
operate within : the States which compose tha
Union. As this court, speaking by Chief Jus
tice Vvaite, said In United States vs. Crulk
shank et al. (92 U. S., 641. 572):
.'"The first amendment to the constitution
prohibits Congress from abridging the right of
the people to assemble and to petition the Gov
ernment for a redress of grievances."
This, like other, amendments, proposed and
adopted at the same time, was not Intended to
limit the powers of the States, but to operate
upon the National Government alone.
Protection of life, liberty and property rests
primarily with the State, as Chief Justice Ful
ler said In re Kemmler U35 U. S. 438, 448)'
"Tho constitution makes no provision for pro
tecting the citizens of the respective States In
their reNclous liberties; this is left to the
State constitutions and law."
which it takes of ex-President Harrison's
address. Of this address, Solicitor Gen
eral Richards' brief says: -^
MA2CILA. Jan. 7.— General MacArthur
has oidered the deportation of Generals
Ricarte, Del Pilar. Hizon, LJanera and
Santos to the island of Guam. Xlne regi
mental and four subordinate officers, with
eight civilians, including Trias, Tecson
and Mabini, notorious assistants of the
lnsurrectonists. have also been ordered to
te deported. It Is General MacArthur's
Intention to hold most of the active lead
ers of the rebels who have been captured,
in Guam, until the resumption of a condl-
Uon of peace has been declared..
The f.rst municipal election was held
success fully at Bagruio, province of Ben
truet, Saturday. Tne Ig-orrote* yaolt part
in the election.
The Filipinos in Manila have been en
jcyius recently a novel experience\n the
holding of Tree, open political meetings.
Most of the addresses at these meetings
were made by former officers of the insur
gents, all of whom asserted that the best
way of securing- personal liberty was to
accept the liberties guaranteed by the
constitution and Government of the
United States, which is what American
toverelgnty stands for. The audiences
¦were greaUy interested and a majority of
those attending the meetings signed 'the
i'ederal party declaration.
The construction of a rebel prison at
Olongapo in addition to those at Manila
will t>v begrun shortly.
General MacArthur. accompanied by his
f=:aff. reviewed the Thirty-seventh Kegi
ment o{ Volunteer Infantry on the Luneta
fi^ld this afternoon. All the companies
ivere together almost for the first time
Flnce the regiment was organized. After
the review the regiment was drawn up
In close order and General MacArthur, in
a farewell address, congratulated the offl
< ' rs and men on their bravery, discipline
and Judgment, concluding his remarks
with a hearty "God bkss you, comrades."
The Thirty-seventh will sail for home
on the transport Thursday. More than
half the men and many of the officers
are frcin Tennessee.
General MacArthur Orders
Banishment of Insur
gents.
REBEL LEADERS
EXILED TO GUAM
LONTX>N", Jan. 7.— Reporting to the "War
Offlce under date of January 6, Lord
Kitchener cays:
t "Yesterday Bablcpton engaged De
larey's and Steenkamp's commandoes at
Naauwpoort. The enemy was forced *o
retire to the northwest. Our casualties
have not yet been received, but are re
ported to be eiight. A Boer doctor ad
mitted that twenty Boers were killed or
wounded. Commandant Duprez was taken
prisoner.
"It appears frcra reports of the wound
p<3 who have arrived at Heilbron that a
detachment :20 strong, belonging to
Knox's command, came into contact with
a superior force near LIndley. I regret to
tay that Lieutenant Laing. two other offi
cers and f.fteen men were killed and two
ofneers ar.d twenty men wounded. No de
tails have come from Knox of this ac
tion." . . _ ,
The Naauwpoort mentioned in General
General Kitchener Reports His Troops Vic
torious in Recent Engagements.
ROCHESTER, N. T.. Jan. 8.— Fire broke
oat la the Rochester Orphan Asylum at
1 o'clock tlUs morning in Hubbell Park
end the flames spread rapidly to other
sections of the Institution. It is known
that nineteen of the children perished,
and it Is feared that many more victims
may be reported^later.
The fire was first eeen by two men pass
ing the asylum. They Quickly sent !n an
alarm and then turned their attention to
ward arousing the curses and the chil
dren. A terrlflc explosion was then heard,
and !n a moment the entire hospital sec
tion was In flames. On the arrival of th»
fire apparatus a general alarm, was sent
In, calling out the entire department.
BRITONS HAVE MINOR
BATTLES WITH BOERS
MANY CHILDREN
PERISH IN FLAMES
More Than a Score Burned to Death
in an Orphan Asylum.
The Btnoko began to pour out of every
window In the main building, and the
screams and frartlc crjes of the children
could be heard. ; j >-Tv-v'
Children and nurses were carried from
the building, all In an unconscious con
dition, some dead. Ambulances from the
city, St. Mary's. Komeofpathic and Hahne
mann hospitals yrerw jummoned and the
victims were rushed to tho civil institu
tions.
There were 109 children at the hospital
and a corps of about) thirty nurses and
attendants. Two of the women attend
ants are among tfce dead.
The origin of tfceflre is-not known at
this time- Th© property » loss will prob
ably exceed $20,00).
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 7.-According to
the testimony adduced before the Con
gressional investigating committee which
Is inquiring Into the charges of hazing at
the West Point Military Academy Oscar
I* Booz at Bristol, Pa., and John E. Breth
of Altoona, Pa., had a rough time of It
during their "plebe" year at. that insti
tution. •
The case of John Breth of Altoona, Pa.,
who died from an ailment which it Is al
leged he received Indirectly as a result
of hazing at West Point, was taken up.
Dr. E. E. Goodman of Altoona, the Breth
family physician, said Broth's physical
condition before entering/ the military
academy was excellent. Dr. Goodman
treated him two weeks after he came
home from West Point for hemorrhages.
Last October he again treated him for
typhus pneumonia, from which he died.
Young Breth never told Dr. Goodman
anything about hazing at West Point.
All the information the doctor, had came
to him from the boy's family. Breth be»
came very nervous about the time he re
turned from West Point, . and the physi
cian often wondered what could have
caused it.
It had been reported that Breth was
compelled to eat soap at West Point.
The doctor knew nothing about that, but
if the boy had eaten soap It would have
explained his physical condition on his
return home.
Bamuel J. Breth, father of Cadet Breth,
was notified that his son was dismissed
from the academy because of deficiency
in mathematics. Mr. Breth said most of
the family had received letters from the
son in regard to the hardships at West
Point. The father and mother knew that
the boy? at the academy were more or
less hazed, and Cadet Breth and his
brother Harry had an understanding be
tween them that if they had anything to
write about hardships John would write
to Harry only, so that the parents would
not worry. He said Harry and one of the
daughters visited John at the academy
In August, 1SS7, and on their return home
they said John had been severely hazed
and that he had nervous- prostration. At
West Point John told them he had been
so severely hazed that he became uncon
scious. The only one that was men
tioned as being among the hazers was a
cadet named Helder. The father learned
from the son Harry that John had been
"choo-cho<M?d." On his deathbed, the
father said, the boy went through the
"choo-choolng" motions.
Harry Breth, the brother, was called
and offered to submit copies of extracts
of letters he received from John. The
decided that it wanted the
originals, which are now at the Breth
homestead In Altoona. He was . excused
until the letters could be produced and
In order that Miss Rose M. Breth. a sis
ter, might return home and send them to
the committee her testimony was then
taken. She received a letter from her
brother while be was in West Point hos
pital, in which he said the surgeon told
him that he had a light attack of nervous
prostration from overwork. John, how
ever, told the other members of the fam
ily when they visited him at West Point
that his condition was due to hazing.
John said he was hazed three times In one
night. John wrote home that he had to
eat eight slices of bread soaked- in mo
lasses. •
Miss Breth said: "On his deathbed he
told me 'West Point is the cause of the
breakdown of my health.' He mentioned
the names of Bender and Young as being
'awful hazers.' "
While in the hospital, she said, John
told her that he was visited by upper
class men and told "that he had better
get out of here."
William A. Hreth, another brother of
John Breth, told substantially this story:
"When John came home he told me that
he had to do so much 'eagllng-'- that he
.often became exhausted and his mus
cles felt like leather. A caOet named
Bender made him Bit on the point of a
bayonet until he fell off. He was made
to sit on it acrain. and during this opera
tion Bender played a violin. On another
occasion, a hot July day, after a hard
day's drill, he was compelled to don a
raincoat and hold out dumb-bells. On Sat
i urday all cadets were given a certain
i amount of liberty, but Bender prevented
him from leaving camp. My brother made
a complaint about It, which resulted in
I Bender exercising him severely. He re
garded the 'feet inspection' as a joke. One
night he was dragged out of bed,- leaving
the bedclothes behind him, and was
dragged over rough stones in the company
street. On another occasion he was so
exhausted by exercising that on the next
morning- the ofllcer In charge of the drill
compelled himKo drop out of line because
! of his weakness."
E. A. Bielenberg.
Mary C. Breth, another sister of Breth,
was called and corroborated the testimony
of. the other members of the family. She
said her brother told her that one night
he was hazed t>y three separate sets of
cadets. He stood the first two. but faint
ed during the third act of hazing:. When
he regained consclousness-he saw several
men rubbing liim. They appeared to be
greatly frightened. Miss Breth also said
that her brother. In speaking of hazing,
said he ¦ "often ate soap" and "chewed
rope ends" at West Point.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
1 SPOKANE, "Wash., Jan. 7.— B. A. Ble
lenberg, who In the early eighties was
manager for Glaus Spreckols in Hawaii,
is dead at Greenwood, B. C. Pneumonia
superinduced by self-inflicted wounds in
his throat, made while temporarily in
ta.no, brought about his death. Bielen
faerg was for a" time interested with King
Kalakaua In sugar plantations. He left
the islands previous td the rebellion with,
a fortune, which h« afterward lost in
Montana during the panic. He then came
to British Columbia, and leaves consid
erable wealth, mostly in mining- proper
ties. He leaves a married • sister In - San
Francisco and a brother, who is German
Consul at Lima, Peru. He was unmar
ried. •
Frank D. Bennett.
f SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 7.— Frank D. Ben
nett died last evening at ..the. age of 73
years. He '. was born in ' New. York ;'and
came to California. In the* early days, en
gaged in mining and then returned to the
East and purchased a farm. About thirty
years ago he returned to, California" and
for manyyears was one of the leading
local dairymen. : He , leaves a. daughter.
Dr. Ruth Bennett. He .-was -a", Knight
Templar and a prominent member of the.
Methodist church. ' .
Hxs., "William Vanderhurst.
SALINAS. Jan. 7.-Mrs. • Van
derhurst, wife of Judge Vanderhurst, died
suddenly at her. home In this . city yester
day. She was one of the most. prominent
ladles in Monterey County and highly-re
spected by all who knew her. She leaves
a family of grown children. ¦
Congressmen Learn How Youths Were
Hounded by Cruel Upper
Classmeiv
Cadet John Breth Treated
Even Worse Than
Oscar Booz.
DEATH AFTER
BRUTAL WORK
AT WEST POINT
Hazlnf Methods at
the Military
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COMPLICATIONS IN
REGARD TO CHINA
America to Advise That the Question
of Indemnity Be Left to Arbitration.
THE SAN FHANCISGO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1901.
; : The burial, will be In the family iot in
Graceland Cemetery and ;the ¦ palibVarera
will , be business .associates of t the u<'
ceased. :¦--.,- ¦ ¦-'¦- ,.!:- 1" , - •..'¦ ,'¦
.On the day of the funeral, all the plants
and^offlces of the Armour.' Company- In
Chicago and other cities will be closed for
the entire day. M9BH&HttHS0
LATE ARCHITECT. WHO DE
SIGNED MANY OF SAN FRAN
CISCO^ BUILDINGS.
ARMOTJR'S FUNERAL TO
OCCUR ON WEDNESDAY
CHIPAGO, Jan. 7.— The ; funeral of the
late] Phillip Da Armour >wlll be ". held at 1
o'clock /Wednesday; afternoon at the fam
ily residence,- 2115 ¦ Prairie ; avenue. ¦_ Those
who" desire to] look" upon the "face -of Mr.
Armour will be given an* opportunity : pri
or: to -the funeral. The '.body/ will lie in
state at the Armour homo- from '9 o'clock
in' the morning until- noon. . . :
¦..'-While; the holding of. the funeral from
the. house will/, necessarily, restricts the
number in attendance, *il ¦ of . the Armour
employes, 'In- Chicago* who 1 number, thou-,
sands, will ' be Invited, to \view the body,
during the morning houre. v- ' . ¦--.
¦ Rev. ¦• Frank ' \V.\ Gunsaulus will ; preach
the funeral sermon. ~ ••
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 7.— The . steamer
Hcmer arrived here this mornig two days
overdue from Trildad with a cargo of.
phlngles. The vessels was caught in a ter
rific storm between Cape Mendoclno and
Point Arena and was hofe to for thlrty-
Kix hours. She lost ab»ut twenty feet
of her forward rail on plther side, had
her forward sail carried feway and about
1200 bundles of shingles wire washed over
board. 3«ag|gggnggg0£ggg« sj
- ., ¦- ¦ ? ¦ — — —
Mr. BiUincoo— Ah! my dear, I wish I
might be like a knight* if old and per
form some deed of daring for. you. -
Miss Lovyllps— Oh, Geo ge! Now that
you re worked up to It, su ipose you: speak
topapa.-PhIIadelphla Prss. /
3
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— Solicitor Gen
eral Richards,- in- behalf of the Govern
ment, to-day, filed in the United States
Supreme Court a brief in the case brought
by Ellas S. A. de Lima, Caleb B. Downes,
Henry '.W. Dooley, Carlia Armstrong and
George tV.'CrosBman against George Bid
well, Collector of the Port of New York,
or the United States directly, all involv
ing 1 questions of taxation relations be
tween the United States and our insular
possessions. The cases cover the. several
phases of the dominion -of the United
States over the Islands before and after
the ratification of the Paris treaty' of
peace and after legislation by Congress
with reference toward them.
The feature of the brief is the direct no
tico it takes of ex-President Harrison's
address at Ann Arbor and the response
made thereto .'n behalf of the administra
tion.
The Do Lima case concerns duties col
lected on sugars imported injo New York
from Porto Rico after the ratification of
the Paris treaty and before the passage
of the Porto Rican act; the Downers case
duties on oranges brought from Porto
Rico into New York after the passage of
the Porto Rican act; the Dooley cases and
the Armstrong case duties on goods im
ported from Porto Rico during military
operations and partly before and partly
after the ratification of the treaty, and
also after passage of the Porto Rican
tariff act, and the Crossman case duties
on liquors Imported from Honolulu into
New. York after the passage of the reso
lution annexing the Hawaiian Islands and
the passage of the act providing for their
government.
The reference to ex-President Harrison's
Ann Arbor address is preceded by v a state
ment of the Government's position with
reference to the extent to which the con
stitution applies to newly acquired terri
tory- The brlof denies the doctrine of ex
proprla vigore, and that all the limitations
of the constitution apply everywhere
throughout the scope of the authority of
the Government, but Bays there are limi
tations In the ¦ constitution which apply
throughout both the States and Territo
ries, organized and unorganized.- Because
some limitations apply It does not follow
that all apply. Those which do apply
everywhere, both within and without the
United States in Its broadest sense, it
says, are those securing the blessings of
justice and liberty to all the people. Ty
ranny and oppression cannot constitution
ally exist under the sovereignty of the re
public, whose founders declared that all
men are entitled to life, liberty and the
pursuit of happiness. This is what air.
Justice Bradley meant when he said in
Mormon church vs. United States (136 U.
S.. 1, 44): "Doubtless Congress. In legis
lating for the Territories, would be sub
ject to those fundamental limitations in
favor of personal rights which are formu
lated In the 'jonstitutlon and Its amend
ments, but these limitations would exist
rather by inference and the general spirit,
of the constitution, from which Congress
derives all Its powers, than- by any ex
press and direct application of its pro
visions."
This statement of the Government's
standing ground leads it up to the notice
Black Silk Ribbon, -I. 2 or S'ln ......5c
Scissors. <"; to fi-inch. not 25c 5«r
Scissors, fi'j and 7-lnch, not 25c 1(V
SfcawM at cut price* 23c to fO.OO
Wool Hoods. ladleV or girls', dark :S9c
i:ihy Flannel." pink or cream. .............. .tOc
SI games — 10 kliuls left over ..3Tr»
Child's |4 D*Pk. left oxer fl.7."»
Wall Paper, fine styles, not 10c 7 Co
Nine-inch Border, not 10c yard le
Clip thi* lint and bring it with you. Other
bargains in *Urht on every floor. Free deliv-
ery. Quick service. Old-time courtesy at
CASH STORE
25-27 Market Si , San Fraaeisoj, C*l. P.c
Woman Is often judged by - e molas3ea
on her baby's face.
weak and unhealthy, kidneys are re-
sponsible for , more , sickness, and | suft erlngf
than any other disease, and If permitted
to continue fatal results are sure to fol-
low.
The kidneys filter and purify the blood-
that is their work. . .*-"*".-.
8o when your kidneys are weak or out
of order you can understand how quickly
your entire body is affected, and how
every organ seems to fail to do its duty.
Among the many cures of Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root; the grreat kidney, liver and
bladder remedy. Investigated by The Call,
the ones which we publish this week for
the benefit of our readers speak In the
highest terras of the wonderful curative
properties of this great remedy.
..r ». * v 0138 M OINBS. la.. Oct. 20. 1900.
I have been out of health for a lone time,
and I was taking; medicine from a doctor's
prescription when I received your sample
bottle. I stopped t&kin* the doctor** medi-
cine and need the sample bottle of Sxvamp-
Hoot. I afterwards took two of your Ui^e
bottles, and it cured me entirely, and I have
not felt bo well for y«ars. I thank you T»r/
much for sendlnsr me the sample bottle •¦
I>. W. SMITH. 1SZI Center St.
• T>. W*. SMITH
What 8 Woman *? lTa - H \ N Wheeler of m High Rock street. Lynn.
«v m tt uuiau Mass.. writes on Xovember 2. 1900: "About eighteen
OaVS Ol months aso T had a very scv»re ati.-ick nf srip. I
C,«^I n was « ext ,f ein * Iy s5ck for three we<?ks . and when I
oWaniD'ROOt. was finally able to leave my bed I was left with ex-
looked verr like roffw t!«, cruciating pains In my back. My. water at times
ferine im»t Mln ?w J.T 1 ? Pass but little ajt a time, and then only after suf-
aU r^dSwn Thft^fo/ 8lca « «»"inion was such that I had no strenirth and was
fhat thev wereThA ™,,«£ ™/ aM m >' Wfineys were not affected, but 1 felt certain
advised LtoHn? i?n°J,3 y J rou We- My sister. Mrs. C. E. Ltttl-fleld of Lynn.
drueriEt am? U \t* J t!Imer^ 8 1 Swamp-Root a trial. I procured a bottle from my
commenced to a v f7,? lea *J nt medicine to take, and inside of three davs
tfon^f thta on* fS? V foIlow «* «P that bottle with another, and at the comple-
I am as well £?J?£ M^ 8 i COmp . Iete J y cu J ed - My «rength returned, and to-day
dea?o"the tlm* ™£i,^ y uaIness ls that of canvasser. I am on my feet a great
fore all the mo^ ~^ aV - e Ki° "¦'"»«*» energy In petting around. My cure Is th-fe-
iore an tne more remarkable, and is exceedtnsly pratlfyinir to me."
t* -„.: _— MRS. H. X. WHEELER.
x* , uu me sick or -reel badly" begin
taking the , famous new discovery. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as
your kidneys are well they will help all
the other organs to health. A trial will
convince you-and you may have a sam-
ple bottle free for the asking.
"When your kldneya are not doing their
work some of the symptoms which prove
it to you are pain or dull ache in the back,
excess of uric acid, gravel, rheumatic
pains, sediment In the urine, scanty sup-
ply, scalding irritation in passing it
obliged. to go often during the day and to
get up many times during the night to
empty the bladder; sleeplessness, nervous
Irritability, dizziness. Irregular heart
breathlessness, sallow^ unhealthy com-
plexion, puffy or dark circles under the
eyes, loss of ambition, general weakness
and debility.
Swamp-Root is used In the leading: hos-
pitals, recommended by physicians in
their private practice and Is taken by doc-
tors themselves who have kidney ail-
ments, because they • recognize In it the
greatest and most successful remedy that
science has ever been able to compound.
<«i«r>mr*ff» To prove its -ronderful
ociii|jiw curative properties. send
Rf-if-f-1f» your name and address
OUt tit to Dr Kilmer & Co..
Cnga Blnirhamton, ¦ N. T.,
¦ ' v»w« when you will receive,
free of all charge, a sample bottle of
Swamp-Root and a valuable book by mall,
prepaid. This book contains many of the
thousands upon thousands of testimonial
letters received from men and women who
owe their good health. In fact, their very
lives, to the wonderful curative properties
of this world-famous kidney remedy.
Swamp-Root If pleasant to take, and is so
remarkably successful that those of our
readers who have not already tried it oro
advised to write for a sample bottle, and
to be sure and mention reading this gen-
erous offer in the San Francisco Dally
Call.
Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take, and If
you are already convinced that this great
remedy is what you need, you can pur-
chase the regular CO-cent and $1 size bot-
tles at the drugstores everywhere.
WONDERFUL GORES
BY SWAMP-ROOT.
To Prove What the World-Famous Discovery
Swamp-Root Will Do for YOU, All Our
Readers May Have a Sample
Bottle Free by Mail.
DB. KILMER'S BWAMP-BOOT.
After Christmas bargains always
interest cash buyers. We name only
a few of the many offered.
i Under, Pants for little tots .3c and 1O«?
I l.'pder Pants for biic iflrls. &'c klna 15c
Fancr Yarn for fancy work Sc
Saxony and other. 30c kind* lOe
Stocking Xpra. many colors, SI Mn4.....~.6On
.Toadies' Covert Skirts. *1 25 kind..'. 7Bo
Mrn'ti heavy winter Undershirts, not T3c...35n
Mf-n's dark Sunday Suits, not }IO fS.OO
Combination Suits, gray, any size 50cTHE CALL'S RAGING VFORM CHART.
l«O0.' FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds; purse, (800.
Index Horsa and -Weight. Pst St. M. %. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. HI. 1 PL
J^2 Gusto .„...; ioi a 1 lh ,31 -2 2 12 Mounoe . JT T , if T5
ir^ f P u"- - B ! 8 B *h Bl i»H «2 Stuart ...... « - U U 5
•« l!*"?. 8 - 96 4 4 tZ lh 1 n 3 10 J. , Daly..... f-« 8-1 *-J 1-5
1-™ un^'w — ~ 10 ° 1 2 eh « 1 « 1 4 n ; Basslnger .. it t I
"«i2 » n Jy Moore....... 98 10 «'7»4S4 72 68 Fauntleroy < 11 II 5
¥%i w de J You l'a 96 9 S g441:4h6S Redfern .... JO «0 SO 15
lit. MacLaren .im 3 3 • 3h . 72 |8 2 -7 2" O'Connor ~. 4 i5 .4 8-6
™* S?" 1 Pl*r.........-.» 6 7 52 Sh 6h 8 5» Buchanan.. 1 . 6 « 2
J^20 Choteau 9S 7 8,, J 20. 9 80 '9 60.9 100 Bansch ..-. 15 15 15 6
1..12 Bagdad .. .... 98 ' 8 |10 10 10 10 10 ' J. Walsh. ... 15 >0 80 10
sS&SsH^SHJ^ %• :37M; %. 1:034; %, l:30Vi. Goofl start. Won nrst .thre« driving-. Winner.
**• nowiejrs.-br. h. by Imp. BrutuB-Irlsh Laps. : Mounee on winner picked best going.
. hpike havn scored with an equally good ride. Maydine anchored in th» going. Mao-
Lnren a hljfh-toned sulker. Bagdad and Choteau away badly. Scratched— Expedient 101,
Hiram Johnson' 88. .-• : - -,-.. -; . -..,,
1OO7. 'SECOND RACE— Elx furlongrs; thre«-yeer-olds and up: purs*. $350.
"." ' - PoT ; I . ; ?. [r- Bttilng -^
Inde * Horse. Ag>, Weight: Pst 8t H. ' %. Btr. Pin. • Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI. '
149T Asian. 4. ..:... ....119 l l l u lh -In 1 n . lMounce .._. 4 ~1 1 mJ
• 1579 Havlland, .4:..... .118 T 8 8» 8 8 8 2 • t ns Buchanan.. 7-2 18-6 18-5 8-6
1600. Flatterer,. 8 104 5 2 ti. i 1 2 2 8 n J. Daly 4 4 4 6-5
1*84 Marechal Niel, S.I04 6 7 51 4 2 '4 I 4 8 O'Connor... 8-2 8-8 8-5 1-8
1BS9 Alturos. 5 ...119 4 5 49 6< 64 • 6 8 J. Woods.... 20 40 40 It
1ESS ' Intrepldo. 8.:. ....101 8 4 62 62 7 6« Phelan 10 20 " 20 S
1410 R»p Chlco. 6. 119 2 « 7 T 61 7 Enoa 15 15 15 10
Time— %. :25U; H. :B0^; %, 1:18H- Bad start Won first three driving. Winner, W. B. Jen
nlnrs & Co.'s eh. h. by GoldHnch-Lydla. Marechal Nlel apparently a alow beginner. At
least O'Connor can't gret him away from the post. ' Flatterer In deepest going. Havlland
ran a (treat race under the weight. - - < .
100S. THIRD RACE— Mile and M yard*; selling: three-year-olds; purs*, 8400.
Index Horse and Weight. Pst St. U. %• Btr. .- Fin. . Jockeys. Op. HI. CU PL
1561 Bernota ..........104 11 B 2h 8 811 0*Co*nor ... 7-6 W TT M
1SS5 Tony lapping 105 8 1 4343 2 2 2h Mounce t 8 7-11
15!10 Grafter 105 4 4 18 11 In 8 20 J. Woods.... 1 8 I 8-5
/1582 Kingstelle ioo 2 5, SH In 43 48 Buchanan.. 4 10 5 t
1(01 Loneliness 100| 6 122 6 B g F.VWeb»ter.| «0 100 100 10
Tlme-TO yds. :03%; H. :2S^: V*. :50H;J%, l!lJ«5i mile, 1:45: lni.70y<Js. 1:47. Good start. Won
handily. Second and third driving:. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's br. g. by Take Notlo«-
Brrna. O'Connor on winner rode a perfect race. Grafter ran as If "short."' TV>ny U.Im
proving-. .
1GOO. FOURTH RACE-Slx furlongs; Monday handicap; three-year-olds and upj pune. 1500.
_ _ _ __ . , Betting ¦>
Index Horse, Age, Weight. IPst St. U. %. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
1567 Oolden Age, 3.. .113 I 4 8 h 8 1"4 3 « 12 Kiley ... 8-1 4~ 4 iwj
15S0 Frank Bell, 6....10* 2 8 24 2 1 1 14 1 8 J. Woods.... 6 1J 13 3
1ES6 HernioHO, < 128 Bill II 1188 Buchanan .. 8-5 8-5 8-6 1-J
15S7 Montallftde, a .... 89 1 3 6 6 6 4 1 Mounce..... 9 8 4 6-3
1S67 Bedeck. 1 106 4 6 42 4844 8 O'Connor...! 8 7 7 1
Time— hi. :24tt: %, :S0; H. .1:16. Good start. Won, easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, 8. C. Hlldreth'B b. c. by Imp. Golden Garter-Nonage. Winner excellently ridden. Her
moeo has been showing sluna of lameness in hit work. H« \ra» all out a furlong fro*n
home. Montallafle outclassed. '___!'__.!
161O. FIFTH RACEJ — Futnrlty course; selling; thre«-year-old» [ puree. $360.
r— iPo.l . - ¦ T~T 1/ -Betting
Index Horse and Weight. Put St. ft. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
1RT0 Tenny Belle 105 »1 4h 11 1311 Moonea ..... 4 ~~* 18^5 1
1583 El Kara •. 104 12 1212 22 12 J. Daly...... 80 100 100 80
1577 Ada N 105 4 5 6H 6h 4H«n F. Kelly.... .10 10 10 4
(15SS) Dandy Jim 107 S3 Jh 41 3H48 O'Connor... 1 6-8 8-5 1-8
1509 Nellie Fore-t ...AK 7 8 78 8h 6« 6 10 Baenlnger .. 8 10 10 4
1S71 Quli II. 107 10 7 8H «6 63 64 Etios 7 10 10 4
1P61 Courtier 104 16 86 82 82 73 Benren 18 10 15 7
irss Billy Lyons 104 89 9 73 748 10 F. Webster. 15 60 60 20
1ES2 GaylQn*Btwn....l04 6 4 8H 9 9 9 J. Woods.... 80 60 60 JO
l. r )18 JMerlda 102 8 * ... Buchanan ..10 to 20 8
Time— To U. :22: to %. :47H: last H, 1:04; short K. 1:14. Fair start.- Won easily. Second
and third driving. "Winner. T. Fenton & Co.'s b. f.- by Tenny- Ma Belle. Belle away
flying on \he outside. Going apparently suited El Karn. O'Connor on Dandy Jim rod* a
bad race. Qulx not game. Scratched— Rollick 104. 'Left.
1O11. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
1 ~~ : [Po.l "~~ ~ ~~ ', I, Betting
Index Horse, Age, Weight. Pst Bt. U. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1591 Herculean, 4' 104 75 7 54 22 lh O'Connor... 8 6-2 6-1 1
1587 Wyoming, a V...105 3 7 toll 11 2 1 E>nos 5 6 < 1
1&03 Sybarm. 6 ..10* 2 1 2 1 4 H ' 3 .1 3 1 J. Woods 4 4 3 6-5
lfiW Lomond. 4 .......101 14 in 8n42 42 Barslnger .. 10 15 15 «
(In7<>) Astor. 6 ..........103 5 3 8168 51 62 Mounce..... 6-^6 6 I
(1S27) tBoundlee, 4 101 6 2 18 2h 8 15 620 Buchanan.. 11-6 6 -6 T-5
.... ISatan, 4- ..... B3[ 4 6 4h 7 7 7 J. T. "VVoods 20 100 100-40
Time— \i, :25«i: U. :51: %. 1:17; mile. 1:45. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
. G. Summers & Co.'b ch. g. by Imp. Watercress-Hannah. O'Connor made no mistakes on
this winner. . Sybaris not th« horse he was. Astor barked. : Too far for Boundlee. Scratched!
—Opponent 103. Great Land 106. Urchin 98. St. Wood 108. . '. „
MISS DRTJM WIN'S OUT
THE PRESIDIO LINKS
Heavy Rain of Sunday Renders tho
Course Slow, Causing Scores
' to Be High.
Five ladles of the San Francisco Golf
Club entered the handicap sweepstakes
over eighteen holes, medal play, yester
day on the Presidio links. The heavy (rain
that fell on Sunday had rendered the
course heavy and high soorea resulted.
Miss Caro Crockett's 56 for '• the second
nine holes was the best round of the day,
but her first round exceeded It by 19
strokes. Had her first round been only a
few strokes better she would have won;
Miss Drum won, with a score of 130, less
8—122. The full scores are given In the
table:
waa granted a permit to give a boling
exhibition during February. The Colum
bia Athletic Club flled an a-PP 1 ' 0 .*"? 0 - to .T
a permit to hold a foxing exhibition in
March. It was referred to the Polloe
Committees
SAN FRANCISCO GOLF CLUB— LADIES'
HANDICAP. , .
TOUNGSTOWN. . Ohio, Jan.: 7.— Austin
C. Rice and Eddy, I*enny fought a twenty
round draw before the Youngstown Ath
letic Club to-nlffh.t
Fight a Draw.
LOS ANGELES. 1 Jan'. 7.— The libel
against. the' schooner Alcalde was released
by Judge Wellborn' in the United States
District ¦ Court '-, < this o " morning « and •* th<j
¦ahnoiuur ha* departed for Bux Francisco.
Alcalde Sails.
The knockout blow, came just after the
fifteenth ', round . started. ;-. ' Gardiner, was
bested, throughout/ but > showed an .'occa
sional - flash ' of > his old-time form,*? which
gave the spectators .an Idea that he would
eventually round out to save his reputa
tion.' ' : ' ; •
- BOSTON/ Jan. T.-VTim Callahan of , Phil
adelphia" knocked j out Oscar "Gardiner of
Omaha' in the fifteenth round at the Isot
eric Club. rP^gPjMtWaaiSB>BgNw^a>^^^
Loses in the Fifteenth Round to Tim
Oallahan.
GARDINER KNOCKED OUT.
The bill .amending the ordinance pro
viding for licensing boxing or sparring
exhibitions and regulating the same was
passed to .print by. the Beard of Supervis
ors yesterday. The amendment provides
that professional . sparring i or- boxing ex •
hlbltions Bhall not be heid oftener thaii
once a" month; that no athletic club,"or
ganization or association shall give ama
teur boxing exhibitions. of tener than onco
a month and then .only within the gymna
sium of the club. Permits in both in
stance* muBt.be obtained from the. Board
of Supervisors. . . ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦.
Th« Twentieth Century Athletio Club
Providing for One Exhibition
Each Month. ,
Supervisors Pass to Print Ordinanca
AMATEUR BOXING BOUTS
TO BE^ RESTRICTED
The recently elected officers of the Ariel
Rowing Club for. the. coming year -were
installed last night at a meeting; held at
335 McAllister street. The officers are:
President, E. J. Lynch; vice president, A.
W. Taylor; .financial secretary/; £>ugens
Flanders; corresponding secretary, Aaron
Brown ; treasurer,' Johnson ¦, Hardy; . dele
gate to the Pacific - Association of < the
Amateur Athletic Union, i J. A. . Geddes,
with F.M.J. Kelly and W. Young as al
ternates;!' director*— William- Ho we, "An
drew Carroll, Charles Wilson,' E. C. 1 Sten
berj? and -.B, 1*. Smith; "captain," James
Wilson; lieutenant .captain, . Henry; Wil
son. After the new officers had been in
stalled a jinks was held. *" .-?¦¦¦
Ariels Install Officers.
Next week there will be a contest for
the Council's cup : for: women, which has
already been won by' MIsa Alice C. Hoff
man. The qualifying round j over \ eight
een holes, medal play, will be- held next
Monday morning 1 , the eight ladles making
the lowest scores being entitled to enter
the contest, which' will' be over eighteen
holes, match play. / The opening round
will be played. on Tuesday, the,16th, and
the second or semi-final round on Wednes
day, the 16th. The final round will be
played to suit the convenience of the con
testants. • ;V-VV. ¦¦¦¦.. . ' -
Smith, who Is well connected in tha
East, arrived ihere about three months
ag-o and registered at the Grand . Hotel.
He had a large sum of money with him
and. diamonds valued at more than $2000.
In an evil moment, so he claims, he met
a racetrack habitue, . who Induced him to
place a bet on a certain horse. - The horse
tailed to ,','show," and- determined to re
coup his small losses Smith went to the
track the next day and bet all the money
he had, amounting to J1S0O on a "cinch,"
as he thought. When the race was over
the unfortunate young man found that he
had bet on the wrong horse, and finding
himself penniless he concluded to pawn
his diamonds. With the money obtained,
on the precious - stones he again visited
the track,: and 'taking" "the ; "tip" of a
"wise" tout, whom he had known in the
East, he "went . down the line," 'only to
lose all the money., he had. - - . .
Friendless and without enough money to
get a meal, Smith walked Into the Palace
Hotel and going to the bookstand stole
two volumes of Dickens'/ works while th<»
attention of the cTerk was temporarily dis
tracted. Since then, It; is claimed, Smith
has stolen at least sixteen other valuable
books from the same place.
Last evening McMahon and Wren stood
In , the - corridor ¦ of the hotel t and as the
book thief appeared they placed him un
der arrest. - He * admitted . his guilt and
claimed that his losses at the racetrack
had driven him. to crime. ¦,;' -¦ '-..
A . well-dressed roung m«i, giving b?a
name as George Smith, was arrested last
night by Detectives Wren and McMahon
and locked up in. the "tanks." , H« is ac
cused of ¦ stealing' a number of books
from the Palace Hotel bookstand.
in the "Tanks."
neoted in the East, Placed
George Smith/Will Con-
STEALS BOOKS
TO PLAY RACES
SEATTLE CITIZENS PLEDGE
. .BONUS TO SHIPBUILDERS
Will Raise $100,000 That Moran
Brothers May Comply With De
. : mands of Department.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7.— The Navy E>©
partment has been Informed that the citi
zens of Seattle have pledged themselves
to raise a fund of $100,000 to be paid to
Moran Brothers, the local shipbuilding
concern. ¦ to enable them to accept the
proposal of the Navy Department to build
a battleship at the figure named in th«»
act of Congress. To comply with the de
partment's requirements the Morans must
reduce their bid $200,000, so that even with
this bonus of $100,000 the net reduction
must be $100,000.
Nothing has been heard positively from
the other bidders to whom similar pro
posals were addressed by the department,
but it Is very ir.uch doubted that they
will be able to accept. In that case a
change in plans and readvertlsement will
follow, to reduce the cost of the ships, in
volving the sacrifice of about 1500 tons dis
placement.
KENTUCKY THOBOUGHBaEDS
ABE BOTJGHT BY CEOKEB
Secures Six Promising Youngsters
Which He Will Send Across the
Water to Race.
LEXIKQTON, Jan. 7.— Richard Croker
has purchased of Colonel W.'S. Barnes of
this city six head of the choicest thor
oughbred colts of 1900, the production of
the Melbourne stud. The total amount In
volved is $20,000.
The best youngster of the lot Is hand
come Beau Imperial, by Prince of Monaca.
out of Bonita Belle, the dam of Beau Gal
lant, which cost Croker the sum of 26100.
The youngsters bought for Croker are to
be delivered in June, w"hen they will be
sent across the water to race. They arc
by Prince of Monaca and Jim Oore an-1
out of such dama as Bonita Belle, Peti,
Ola, Quintette and Bamboo.
QUARANTINE REQTJT.ATI0NS
TTA.TVTPER. NAVAL OFFICERS
Unless Change Is Made by Local Au
thorities Charleston Will Not
Get Station.'
j WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— The Port Royal
board was engaged to-day In going
through the physical data collected- by it.
The board has signified very strongly to
the people of Charleston, through Mayor
Smyth*, that an Indispensable require
ment to the location of a naval station at
their town Ik a radical change io the
quarantine system in that district. The
present quarantine, managed by the city
authorities, has very much vexed and ob
structed the naval officers whenever they
had occasion to enter Charleston harbor,
and the regulations must be amended If
the naval station Is to be located there.
The Mayor Is now consulting with the
Charleston Board of Health on this point
and the Port Royal board is waiting to'
bear from them.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7.— Postofflce dis
continued January 16: California— Indian
Gulch, Marlposa County, mail to Hor
nitos.
Postmaster commissioned: California-
John F. Evey, Los Nietos. Appointed:
Washington— Mary E. Lease, Gould City,
Garfleld County, vice S. A. Lease. ¦ de
ceased: Mat tie D. Penhallow. Home.
Pierce County, vice E. C. Miles, reslgmed;
Richard Connell, Od>ssa, Lincoln County,
vice L. G. Nuelsen, resigned. *
Pensions issued to-day: California—
Original— William Fitzpatrlck. Slsson. J8.
War with Spain, widow— Isabella Noble,
mother, Rlalto, $12.
Oregon— Original— Christopher Elseor.
?^rant Pass, $8. Restoration and Increase
—Thomas R. Corneliua, dead, Cornelius.
$12. Original widow-Missouri A. Cor
nelius, Cornelius. JR.
The Senate Committee on Foreign Re
lations will give a hearing next Wednes
day on the Jamaica reciprocity treaty.
Senators Perkins and Bard and others of
the California delegation will appear in
opposition to ratification of this treaty '
the provisions of which If enforced would
Injuriously affect citrus trult lnUrMta.
Sixth race— 6«Ten furlong*; four-rear-oM« and
upward: eelllng. • '
1594 Urchin 1071 (1549)Torsld«. 108
aS06)Gu9to HO l«lLomond_ 110
15S4 Esplrando 107 1524 Loufh Derj....lO7
1600 St. Wood HO 1682 Jack McCabe...lO7
(1595)Allela 1061
Fifth race— Sir furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward: selling-.
lBf-9 Hermoto 1*> (lEW>AnJou 101
1592 Mastfe De.vl».. S8 1W3 Orfinuns ..98
lSOOFlorlnel II «2 U5SE) Gibraltar ......103
Fourth race— One mile and an elrhth; four
year-olds and upward; eellinff.
1E74 Topmast ..103( 1595 Ulm ............ 99
1601 Malay 105| 1CM Lady MedlBme.104
1597 Mary Kln«ella. J7 1606 Lou Rey 105
15E8 Locochee 1C2 1
Third race — One mile; three-year-olds; eell
tnfr. , • .
ir.99 Game Warden.. 94| 1590 Alnder 94
1599 Darlene t2\ 1M1 Litmus 34
1SS8 Sc'nwell Lake.. 92 1ES7 Oalanthus 94
Probable "Winners.
First race-SL Rica, Phil Archibald, Green*
ock. . ¦» ... ¦ f
Second race— 8am S*ullen, Oenaa, . Simon rx
Third racfr-Galanthus, Bcreenwell Lake, Lit
mus. "/
Fourth race— liocochee, Malay, Lou Rey.
Fifth race — Gibraltar, Hertnoao, Ordnunj.
Sixth race— Torslda, St. Wood, Alicia.
¦ i » ? t
McCoy Remarries Former Wife.
BOSTON, Jan. 7.— Kid McCoy was mar
ried late to-night to his former wife, who
divorced him several weeks ago.
nual ban<juet of the Jacksonian Club of
Nebraska was held at the Mfi.&ru Hottl
to-night, 350 persons sitting at the ta
bles. The occasion was one of interest
on account of the pre&onee of W. J. Bry
an, who responded to the toast "Democ
racy." arid Senator Benjamin R. Tillman,
whose address was on "The Democratic
Party; Its Duty and Destiny."
Senator Tillman said the liberty anfl
freedom of the country depends on the
I>emocratic party, whose future must de
cide the Question of 'mperlalism or free
dom. .¦.". 1 ;
Senator Tillman Also Heard at the
At<tit|b1 Banquet of the Jack
sonian Club.
OSIAHA.. Nebr.. Jan. 7.— The tenth an-
W. J. BEYAU SPEAKS UPON
THE STJBJECT "DEMOCRAjCY"
Sensational Verdict.
SAVANNAH, Mo., Jan. 7.— The Cor
oner's Jury In ihe case of Frank I. Rlch
erdson. the merchant, who was murdered
In the doorway of his residence Christmas
eve. returned a verdict at 4 o'clock this
afternoon charging that "Richardson
came to his death from a. pistol shot flred
by hie wife, or by some person known to
her and unknown to the jury-"
The jury was out fifty-five minutes and
the verdict created a profound sensation.
After waiting almost two weeks the jury
heard the testimony of i Mrs. Richardson
at ner residence to-day! The widow lay
in bed and answered the questions of
Prosecuting Attornev Boohes ar.d the
Jurors impatiently. Once the. exclaimed:
"When will you leave me alone?" . .
Mrs. Richardson was represented by two
prominent St. Joseph lawyers and -was
eurrour.ded by her own and her husband's
relatives during the taking of the testi
mony. She denied that phe knew any
thing about the murder other than that
which has been told by other witnesses,
end denied that she had had any improper
relations with the men whose names have
been brought into the cage. No warrant
has ret bet-n issued for ilrs. Richardson's
arr«"*it. and Prosecutor Boohes declined
to say at this time what course he will
pursue.
Coroner's Jury, After Listening to
the "Woman's Evidence, Benders
MTTSDEB OF EICHARDSON
CHARGED TO THE WIDOW
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7.-A notable
Epeech was delivered in the Senate to-day
by Lodge of Massachusetts. Addressing
th* Senate on aji amendment to the army
bill, striking out the provision for a vet
erinary corps, he discussed briefly, and
principally In the form of a colloquy with
Senator Haoon of Georgia, the Fnillppine
question and the necessity for an amy of
liXi.000 men. In conclusion he drew a bril
liant word picture of the commercial fu
ture of the United States, declaring that
the trade conflict with Kurope, already be
g-ua, could result only in the commercial
and economical supremacy of this country
over the entire world. In this industrial
conflict he apprehended no dancer from
a material contest with any nation of the
world, but he urged the necessity for a
strong and scientifically organized army
tnd a powerful navy. In order that the
United Slates might be prepared to defend
Ite riiriits against any possible foe.
During the afternoon the Senate ratified
the committee's proposal to eliminate the
section providing for the establishment of
a veterinary Ci>rpa In the army. •
Senator Teller of Colorado gave notice
of a substitute he will offer, for the entire
pending measure, continuing in full force
and effect the act of March 3, 1S?9, increas
ing the size of the army for three years
from July 1. 3901.
SENATOR LODGE
WES ELOQUENT
Depicts the Growing Power
of America and Need
of a Large Army.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.— Winter training
Quarters by the seashore have no charms
for either Ruhlln or Jeffries, heavyweight
pugilists. One day's experience was suf
ficient to convince the big fellows that the
climatic conditions nesr the ocean were
rot conducive to the best possible results
for a tighter preparing for battle. In con
eequence of this decision. Ruhlln. who had
planned to remain at Bath Beach until
ten days before the fight, which Is to take
place in Cincinnati on February 15, has
changed his mind and will leave for Cov
iRSto.n, Kentucky, on Sunday.
Jeffries' experience with the seashore
wind at Loch Arbor to-day convinced htm
that a warmer climate would be more de
sirable and he will move to West Baden,
Indiana, within a few days if the cold
weather continues.
Jeffries arose at 8 o'clock In the morn- j
ing, intending to take his preliminary ex
ercise for battle. A cold, piercing wind
The test case In tha list came from
North Dakota, the title being Fred Hew
itt, plaintiff in error, ve. Emll and Fred
ericka Schultz. The land in question was
settled upon by Howitt In 1&S3, but his
proof of settlement was rejected on the
ground that the land had been withdrawn
m 1873 by the Secretary of the Interior as
within the limits of the Northern Pacific
Indemnity. Tho railroad company then
sold the land to Schultz and his wife and
they entered upon possession of it. Hew
itt Immediately began proceedings to re
cover the land and to-day's decision,
which Is final, was in his favor, reversing
the Supreme Court of Xorth Dakota. The
decision of the court supported the hoM
int of Secretary Vilas, rendered In 1S88,
which decision has since been followed by
the Interior Department.
The court stated that while It was true
that previous to that date the department
had pursued the opposite course, still the
department had consistently held to its
findings since that time. At best, there
fore, Justice Harlan said, the contention
of the railroad people was one of doubt.
Many titles have been acquired, said he.
since Mr. Vllas' opinion was rendered and
the court did not think the Secretary
should be reversed. The opinion added:
"The practice of the Land Department,
if wrong at all, cannot be said to "be so
plainly wrong as to Justify the court after
the lapse of so many years/ In adjudgins
that it had misconstrued the act of Julv
2. 1864, The order of withdrawal by the
Secretary upon which the.tlUe of the rail
road company depends being out of the
¦way, there was no- ground to- question the
title of plaintiffs to the land in dispute."
Justice Brewer and Shlras united In a
dissenting opinion.- The decision affects
a large number of land entries.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— In the United
States Supreme Court to-day opinions
were handed down by Justice Harlan In
several cases Involving the Question
whether It was competent for the Secre
tary of the Interior, upon receiving and
approving the map of definite location of
the Northern Pacific road In the States of
North Dakota and Washington, to make
aii order withdrawing odd numbered sec
tions of the lands within the indemnity
limits from settlement.
Titles Acquired by Northern
Pacific Railway Are
Declared Void.
outside caused tha champion %o change
his programme and to drop into a com
fortable armchair in front of the etove.
In the afternoon he took a spin on the
road. Speaking of his health, Jeffries
said that it was all that could be desired
and he was never really bo anxious to
train hard for a battle. He said he
weighed 230 pounds in fighting costume
and pointed to this fact as an indication
of his good condition at the present time.
Tom Sharkey. who will meet "Kid" Mc-
Coy in a twenty-round bout before the
Twentieth Century Athletic Club of Ban
Francisco on February 25. left, for West
Baden to-day. The sailor-pugilist will
train at an Indiana health resort until
February 13 and will finish up at Los An
geles. If Sharkey is successful against
McCoy he will be matched against the
winner of the Jeffries-Ruhlln contest. The
Bailor says he beat McCoy fairly and
pquarely once before and Is confident that
he can repeat the trick.
IMPORTANT LAND
CASE DECIDED
When the caaes of Harry B. Corb«tt,
William Daly and Walter Mclnerney,
known as the "San Jose commisslorr
cases," were called In Judge Megan's
court yesterday, the remittiturs having
been received from the appellate court,
Attorney Coffey, for the prosecution,
asked that bench warrants bo" Issued for
the arrest of the defendants. Corbett said
that the only defendant absent was Daly,
who was In the country, but he guaran
teed that he would be present to-morrow
when the other cases were called. The
defendants would then pay the fines,Im
posed upon them- The Judge accepted
Corbett's word and did not Issue the
bench warrants.-. The same action was
taken in the case of George Duncan,
whose sentence waa affirmed- by the ap
pellate court. ,.
There is an understanding that In all
the LoWover cases embraced In the stipu
lation between Chief Sullivan and the
poolsellers all the defendants except Zick
Abraxns and his employes will plead guilty
and pay the fine of $10 rather than go to
the expanse of a trial by Jury. The case*
will be called to-morrow. , x
Thrte of the men arrested recently by
Police Officer Levlngs for selling j>ools In
cigar stands by means of handbooks
pleaded guilty yesterday and were each
fined 510.. They were Fred Harrington
and M. Fleishman in Judge Conlkn's
court and C. Camden ' in : Judge I<>itz'»
court. A- Victor, another of the lot, who
was caught Eelllng pools In a cigar stand
at 117 Ellis street,' demanded a trial by
Jury. .His will be made a test case. It Is
said a wealthy gambler is behind him.
Arrested Proprietor of Cigar
Stand to Make a Test
Case.
ONE POOLSELLEB
DEMANDS A JURY
Second race— Five and a half furlcnjrs; four
year-elds and upward; purse.
1438 Sarefleld 98j 15S7 Sajn Pulleo ...101
1269 Harry Gwynn..lO5i 1570 Genua. ....100
1653 Gold Baron 102 1E22 Summer 101
1569 Onyx ....103 1530 Stmon D 102
1457 Juva J.100 15&2 Tlng-a-Llng: ... 96
1606 Choteau M 1 1D6J J. Doherty 8S
Track Notes.
Twenty bookmakers cut In.
Virginia Carroll, the widely known layer
of odds, arrived here from New Orleans
on Sunday and will later take a hand In
the game.
W. H. Becker, a familiar flgnre on the
grand trotting circuit and owner of the
Terra Haute and Fort Wayne tracks. Is
a guest at the Palace Hotel. Mr. Becker
has secured the betting privileges at De
troit for VjOX, paying $15,000 for tho five
days of harness sport.
E. V. Laurence, assistant secretary of
the Crescent City Jockey Club, was a
spectator at the track yesterday. Mr.
Laurence, who was rscently Instrumental
In organizing' the Montana Jockey Club,
has nothing but kind, things to say of Cal
ifornia racing and race tracks.
The well-known -turf auctioneer, Al
Leach, recently suffered a sad bereave
ment in the death of i.lo wife, who passed
away at Millville, Shasta County, last
week. Mrs. Leach kit a wide circle of
acquaintances who mourn her untimely
demise.
Following are to-dav's entries:
Flret race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; puree.
16»9 Imp. Ml«tral ILlll] 1B83 Phil ArcblbuJd.MM
16<M Ftlnc-master ....109 j 1F99 St. Rica 91
1113 Birdie Stono *>9) 1601 Grvcnock 119
1576 Evirato 109' , ,
SAM im/DRETH - started his big
colt Oolden Age in the six furlong
handicap at Oakland yesterday
and. the talent and smart ones In
.general failed to guess the burled
card. The track was muddy and In spots
inclined to be holding, and although Her
moso was asked to pick up 126 pounds,
bookmaker Cook's Bprlnter was consid
ered invincible. The ring nailed up 6 to 5
against him- and the crowd fell .heavily.'
It seems ' that . some . days back llermo*o
whs inclined to show' signs of lameness,
and after he had footed It out in front
with Frank Bell at his heels for over two
thirds of the route he wilted like a frost
bitten calla Illy. Then C?olden Age, with
Kiley on his back, strolled past the two
weary leaders, winning easily , in . 1 :18, '. a
remarkably good race. ' Not' the 112 pounds
on the winner " threw" the talent off, but ;
Kiley. Now, there are far worse riders
than Kiley, but it was generally supposed
Hildreth did not fancy nte horse, and the
price went from 6 to 2 to 4. Frank Bell
outlasted Hermoso, taking tha place.
Tha sport was . replete with surprises
and upsets from the time the curtain
went up.
Of six favorites sent to the post, Beniota'
and^Herculean were the only ones to re
turn with. tha money. Mounce rode In ex
ceptionally good form, piloting three win
ners. ¦ ' . ¦
Almost any one of the ten starters in
the first event, a seven furlong selling af
fair, looked to have a chance and there
was no pronounced choice. MacLaren,
with O'Connor up, probably carried the
most support, but sulking ran unplaced
Mounce, on Gusto, rode a well-* judged
race, getting to the wire a couple of
lengths before Spike ana Isaline-/' - ¦-¦
Mounce followed this up by taking the
elx furlong purse run next decided with
Asian from Walter Jenlngs* stable. In
a very close finish at the wire Asian, Hav
iland and Flatterer were heads apart:
Buchanan astride Havlland came up ou
the extreme outside, and many' supposad
that horse had won. Picking finishes,
however, from an angle Is extremely de
ceptive, and the Judges undoubtedly made
no mistake. O'Connor again got away
from the jpost poorly with the favorlto,
Marechal Kiel, running unplaced.
A very pretty piece oi horsemanship
contributed largely to the success of Ber
nota, favorite for the mile and fifty yards
selling event. O'Connor waited with th«
Burns. & VVaterhouse entry until well Into
the Pt retch for home, when he caught
Grafter all out, winning handily. In fact,
the last named three-year-old tired so
badly that Tony Lapping nipped the place
by a head. .
Tenny Belle, ridden by Mounce, captured
the fifth number. At odds of 4 to 1 the
filly beat her company away from the
barrier, and, never headed, disposed of
the 100 to 1 shot, E! Karn, at the end
like sawing wood. O'Connor on the 6 to 6
favorite. Dandy Jim, rode the colt like a
novice. It was supposed to be the chest
nut's going, and his showing is Inexplica
ble.
O'Connor's ride on Herculean In the
closing mile run waa In marked contrast
to the one just mentioned. He lost no
more ground than was necessary, picked
the best going and. Judging his move just
right, beat Wyoming out a head. The
winner closed a 6 to 2 favorite. SvbarU
ran a very fair third.
By :f\ e. MruxiHorjLA.isriD.
Hermoso, the Favorite, Is Beaten Out for PlacQ Honors
by Frank Bell-Fpur piqices Go Down at Oakland.;
Jeffries and Riahliai to\ Leave Sea
shore for Warmer Clime.
FIGHTERS TQ CHANGE
TRAINING QUARTERS
GOLDEN AGE, PILOTED BY KILEY
CAPTURES THE MONDAY HANDICAP
HUNTJSMEN RESCUE
CHILD FROM A BEAR
Animal Seizes Little Nila Bigslby apd
Drops Her When Close Pressed.
T ! ¦ i '
Special XH*patcii to Tha Call.
Huston. 8h» called to O*by anS told hha
of the disappearance of her child. He at
one* rode up to tha others and suggested
that they pursue, tha bear while he assist
ed Mrs. Bigsby.
Green and Huston pursued the anim?l
to a large redwood tree whera he had
taken refuge. When tho animal saw them,
he Jumped to the ground and started to
run. At the same time the cry of a child
was heard. The dogs followed bruin in
his flight. Tha huntsmen noticed that tha
animal had something in his mouth which
appeared to be a child. The dogs prasse J
bruin close and he dropped his burden,
which proved to be tha missing Mia. and
took to a tree. A well-directed shot
brought him to the ground and Green car
ried the child to its mother.
Mrs. Bigsby was horrified when she
heard of the narrow escape of her off
spring from death. The baby welcomed
the embraces of her mother, but trembled
from fright until finally soothed to sleep.
Battleships.
Designation Selected for
One of the Proposed
WILL BE NAMED
CALIFORNIA
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— Tha Navy De
partment has decided to bestow tha namt
California upon on© of tha flrat-claa*
battleships, tha construction of which
were authorized at tne last session of
Congress, and the contract for which will
be formally awarded in a few days. Tho
decision in the matter of the nama wai
settled by Secretary Long to-day at a
conference with Representatives waters
and Metcalf of California. Mr. Water*
also tried to ret Mr. Long to name a
cruiser after Los Angele«, but this re-
Quest was refused.
Secretary Long to-day sent formal no
tice to tha Bath Iron Works, Newport
News Ship Building Company and Moran
Bros, of Seattle that they each had been
awarded a contract for the construction
of a sheathed battleship upon conditions
already set out relative to cost. The Bath
Iron Works and Newport News Shipbuild
ing Company have uot yet Indicated
whether they will accept the department's
proposition. Moran Bros., being person
ally represented In Washington at thta
time, have told Secretary Long that they
will accept tha award. They undertaka
to construct a battleship for $3,511,000 with
4 per cent added under the law allowing
that bonus on Pacific Coast construction.
CAHTO, Jan. T.-j-New^s has b«en received
hera of the narroV escape of Nila Bigsby.
tha three-year-old daughter of John
Bigsby, from a h<jrrlWe death. While tb«
child was playing in the yard It was at
tracted by a peculiar noise in the woods
and child-like, toldled off to investigate.
A few minutes later Mrs. Bigsby peered
from the doorway! to see if the little one
was safe, but It wu not in tha yard. She
immediately madei a thorough search of
the premises, butfcould find no trac* of
her missing baby. '<
The I worried mother then want to a
neighbor'! house for assistance, but found
the door locked and ithe house empty.
While returning to her' home she noticed a
large brown bear passing through a clear
ing. It waa pursued by a pack of hounds
and close on their trail were three hunt
ers—John Osby, James Green and John
PRESIDENT HAS
A BAD COLD
Dreaded Grip Are De
veloped.
Mild Symptoms of the Much-
e CALL BUREAU. 1406 O STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— President
McKlnley Is the latest victim of the grip
which Is prevailing here. He suffered yes
terday and to-day from a severe cold, ac
companied by mild symptoms of the much
dreaded grip. On the advice of his fam
ily physician, Surgoon Rlxey of the army,
the President remained In his private
apartments to-day and made no effort to
transact public business except that
which demanded his immediate consider
ation. While there Is nothing alarming
in the President's condition Surgeon Rlxey
advised that a day of absolute rest and
mild medical treatment might
serious Illness. Tha President denied him
self to all official callers except the mem
bers of the Cabinet who came to make
personal Inquiry as to his health.
Mr. McKinley'.s general physical condi
tion Is said to be excellent- He has pur
sued a regular course of outdoor exer
cise for several months, from which na
has derived much enjoyment and consid
erable benefit. His 1 excellent condition
will probamy enable him to throw off ma
present Indisposition and resume his ofll
cial duties in a day or two.
Several other officials are suffering with
the prevailing epidemic, among them be
ing Secretary o? State Hay. The latter
has been confined to his house for several
days, but Is now convalescent and is ex
pected to resume his duties In the State
Department to-morrow.
Speaker Henderson Is progressing well
and is out of his bed, but It will not ba
deemed advisable to have him resume th»
duties of the Speakerbhlp for a. day or so.
Chairman Payne of . the Ways and
Means Committee Is among those slightly
Indisposed and he did not attend the ses
sion of the House to-day.
DIRECTORS "RATIFY THE
ACTION OP MOBOAN
Purchase of the Jersey Central Is
Formally Accomplished by th.s
Beading Company.
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 7.— The board of
directors of the Reading Company to-day
decided to accept the proposition mads by
the J. P. Morgan Co. concerning the pur
chase of the Central Railroad of New Jer
sey. To-morrow President Harris will go
to New York to confer with Mr. Morgan
and Charles Steele regarding the financing
oi the deal. Mr. Morgan, as the head of
the banking house; will present the- term*
upon which the sale can ba effected a ail
Mr. Harris and Mr. Steele. as members of
the executive committee of tha Reading
Company, will take them up and later re
port to the full board. ¦ -
-The directors held a meeting tbla after
noon and reached this conclusion. There
were present Joseph Harris, John Lowber
Welsh, George C. Thomas, Henry A. Du
pont, Henry P. McKean and Samuel Dick
son. The absentees were George F. Bacr
and Charles Steele.
While It is generally believed that event
ually the L»ehlgh Valley Railroad Com
pany will pass under tne control of tha
Reading Company, nothing was done in
regard to that company at to-day's meet
ing of tha directors of the Reading Com
pany.
Drowned at Cavite,
TVASHINGTON. Jan. 7.-Prlvate .John
B. LansdaJe of tha Marine Regiment wad
drowned near Cavlte on the 8d lnst.
fined the members of the Board of County
Commissioners $250 each for contempt of
court in violating a court order by for
bidding the Sheriff to appoint deputies to
guard the polls on election day. A clash
between a posse of them and the polio
resulted In the death of four men and the
serious wounding of others.
Rich Gold Mine Bold.
AUSTIN. Tex.. Jan. 7.— A dispatch from
Oaxaca. Mexico, says: •The famous E»
cuadra rold mine, situated near Oactlan.
State of Oazca, has Just been sold to a
•yndlcate of New York City for $3,500,000.
J. Sloat Fassett la said to b* ona of tha
purchasers. Tha mine- Is enormoua'.y
rloh." ......*:
?
Fined for Contempt.
TjEtTvER, Jan. 7. — Judge Butler to-day
BINGHAMTON. N. Y.. Jan. 7.-AIbe-t
llcFarland. 79 years old, died at his home
In LJsla yesterday. llcFarland was the
man who gave the* late Philip D. Armour
of Chicago his first start In life. He met
Armour In California shortly after th*
latter's arrival. Armour was financially
embarrassed, his funds running so low he
did not know where his next meal waa
coming from. He became acquainted with
McFarland, who took a fancy to him. Mc-
Farland gave him a supply of provisions,
an old mule and pointed out the San Qulta
trail. This proved to be a golden road to
fortune for young Armour, who several
years ago remembered his friend with a
handsome check. Tha cause of McFar
land' • death was old age.
Death of Albert MeFarland, Who
Tears Ago Saved the Late Mil
lionaire From Starving.
GAVE ABMOTJB HIS
FTRST STAST IN LIFE
IDAHO STATE OFFICIALS
onyrjcrKP into office
Joint Caucus of Fusion Parties Dor
cides Upon Fred T. Dubois I
... _ . / for Senator.
BOISE, Idaho, Jan. 7.— The inauguration
of new officials of the State of Idaho took
place at 11 o'clock this morning. The
large chamber of the House of Represent
atives was filled to overflowing. The cere
mony wan very simple. Chief Justice
Quarles made a few Introductory remarks
and then administered the oath to ' N the
new officials.
Both houses of the Legislature met at
noon. In the House Glenn P. McKlnlay
of Shoshone County (D.) was elected
Speaker and Mrs. Mary A. Wrl&ht of
Kootenai (Populist) chief clerk. The Sen
ate elected J. W. Ballantine of Blaine
(Populist) President pro tern, and W. V.
Helfnch of Ada (I>.) secretary. After
organizing both houses adjourned • until
to-morrow, when the message of Gover
nor Hunt will be read. The Joint caucus
of tha fusion parties last night, at which
ex-Senator Fred T. EKubols was nominated
for Senator, was attended by thirty-nine
members. One left when he found there
was to be a Senatorial choice, and it is
declared that' two of those present did
not vote, making the number voting
thlrty-slx. Just a majority on Joint ballot.
There are forty-thre© fusion members al
together. It la said by Mr. Dubols*
friends that all will vote for him when a
ballot Is taken In the, Legislature*.
WILHELMINA'S MABBIAOB
WILL NOT BE POSTPONED
THE HAGUE, Jan. X.— It Is ' learned
from trustworthy though unofficial
sources . that there will be no postpone
ment of the royal marriage on account of
the death of the Grand- Duke of Saxe-
Welmar. It was decided to-day that the
Queen shall wear full mourning for threa
weeks only and the Queen Dowager for
four weeks Instead of six, so that the
period of mourning will be over before the
date fixed for the wedding, which will
take place on February 7, as will also the
festivities.
The hotels have received counter orders
and this strongly Indicates that the cere
mony will, take _ place at the appointed
date. -^ ' ;
Results at New Orleans.
" NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 7.— Results:
Ona mile, •elllnx— Henry of Frantsainar won,
DrambuTg second. Old Fox third. Tim*. l:B0U
Six furlongs, selling— Dlvonne- won. Gracious
second, Woodstlck third. -. Time. 1:1SH.
One mile and one-quarter, selling— False Lead
won, Rushflelds second, Indian third. Tima.
2-.20H.
Seven furlong*, handicap— Moroni won, Doa
nasea second. Glen Lake third. Tims, 1:34 W.
Rlx furlongs, selling— Horsesho* Tobacco won.
Alpaca second, Bean third. Time, 1:19.
. Six furlongs, selling— Beguranca . won, Saline
second, Inland • Prince third. Time, 1:19. -
THE. SAN FRANCISCO ; CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 8^ 1901.
4
1
COMTETITOna. &
• 01 Q- H <3>
53% 3 B ™
c a a a. 1
: ? °" ': B :
Ci • • to : » . ¦
I • *o - ;
68 • 180 I 122
U 129 S 124
67 I 130 0 130
78 135 4 131
7« 147 . 8 ' 139
MIfb Sarah Drum.. .64
Miss Caro Crockett 74
Miss Maud Mulllns 63
Mlas HaRer ........ 62
Mies Florence lve«. • 71
1
COMTETITOna. &
• 01 Q- H <3>
53% 3 B ™
c a a a. 1
: ? °" ': B :
Ci • • to : » . ¦
I • *o - ;
68 • 180 I 122
U 129 S 124
67 I 130 0 130
78 135 4 131
7« 147 . 8 ' 139
MIfb Sarah Drum.. .64
Miss Caro Crockett 74
Miss Maud Mulllns 63
Mlas HaRer ........ 62
Mies Florence lve«. • 71
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
7
Trembling, frightened, she knows not
why. Between her sobs she tells her
husband of her misery. It is not
enough for the husband "to comfort the
wife in this con- -_ ________
upon the woman /l>'*^^jymr^W
Pierce' s Favorite e§^«^Si**5\ \
It gives physical --——---——---_
strength and mental booyancy to meet
the trial of motherhood, and makes the
baby's advent, practically painless.
"I wiU be very glad to say a few words for
I>r. Pierce'* Favorite Prescription," write* Mrs.
P. 6. Doubles, of Manaonviue, Brotae Co., Que.
"During: the first four months when I looked
to becoming a mother I suffered very much
from nausea and romiting. -ad I felt so terribly
Kick I could scarcely eat or drink anything. I
hated all kinds of food. At this time'l wrote to
Dr. Pierce and he told me to get hi* 'Favorite
Prescription' and a bottle of "Golden Medical
Discovery.' I got a bottle of each and when I
had taken then: a few days I felt much better,
and when I hud taken Kardlv three pcrts of
each bottle I-feh well and could eat as well as
try one, and could do my work without any
trouble (I couid not do anything before). I feel
very thankful to Dr. Pierce for his medicine, and
Z ten all who tell me they are sick to get these
medicines or write to Dr. Pierce."?
Dr. Pierre's Pleasant Pellets regulate
the bowela.
Races! Races! BaoosI
Overnight San Francisco prices, prob-
able scratches, Jockeys and other Infor-
mation of value. Correspondence, aollo-
lted. Jackson & Co., 315 Ellis st, S. F. •
..." : — - j ~~~~ r; ¦ ¦ .- — — "TUESDAY. JANUARY 8.
The wrecked steam schooner Iaqua is
tied up at Mission Rock. She looks a
complete wreck and is lying almost on her
port side. She will b« surveyed - to-day
and will then go on the drydock for an
overhauling.
Iaqua in Port Again.
NOTE— In the above exposition '¦. of the tides
the early i morning ; tides are pi ven In the left
hand column .and. the successive tides of the
day ln the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third. time column gives the last tide
of the day, :. except when - there : are but three
tides, as sometimes occur*. The heights given
arc in, addition to the soundings on the United
States ; Coast ', Survey - charts. - except ¦ when a
minus sign (— ) , precedes the height, and then
the. number given Is subtracted -from the depth
given by ; the , charts. - The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters; .•..
PITTSBURG, Jan. 7.j- Victory Bateman,
leading lady of the <3rand Opera-house
stock company. Is lylfg at her- hotel in
a critical condition from ; nervous exhaus
tion, the result of piysical collapse at
the close of. last Saturflay'jj. performance.
Victory Bateman 111.
.. r — ....gu».n, so mat munici
pal owntinsaip may be accomplished He
urges that civil service rules be adoDted
in the police, fire, park and library de
partments. The llqtjor question, unon
which the city campaign was in the main
conducted, is entirely ignored. ¦
Major, Snyder's Messae-e.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 7.-The new City
Council, composed of seven Republicans
and two Democrats, tock their seats this
rooming. Pomeroy W. Powers was elect
ed president. Mayer Snyder presented
his inaugural message. 'He recommends
that the Council use every mTans to
- NOTE— Tho high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flve minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is tho same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times • and Heights of High and Low
! . • Waters at Fort Point, , entrance , to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 7.— Judge Torrance
this afternoon made an order annulling
the action of the Board of Fire Commis
sioners ln removing Chief A. B. Cairne?
from office and appointing L. O. Mix to
the position. The removal took place
rather unexpectedly two weeks ago and
the action was taken without charges be
ing filed, hearing had or notice • being
piv«»n Chief Cairnes. The President, John
P. Hurt, declared the motions odt of or
der, but his ruling was appealed from and
he was outvoted by Commissioners A. B.
Meu and E. J. Carter.
Cairnes Reinstated.
trated and His Mother Is Not
Expected to Recover.
MARIETTA. Ohio, Jan. 7.— During the
absence of William Chidester and his wife
from their home on the river near here,
Thomas, a 9-ycar-old son, shot and killed
his sister Florence, aged 14. The reason
is not known. He apparently does not
realize the enormity of his crime, and
fought for possession of the gun when a
neighbor arrived. The parents are pros
trated and the mother may die.
Both of the Lad's Parents Are "Pros-
NINE- YEAR-OLD BOY
SHOOTS YOUNG SISTEB
The output of the Urai Mountain gold
mines was less during the present year
than the year before, the comparative fig
ures being 19,440 and 22.032 English pounds.
It is reported that 190 mines will be for
lease next year. Some of these have been
given up because the terms of leasehold
are no longer commensaate with the re
turns.
The municipality of St. Petersburg has
decided to make a loan of 14,000.000 ruble-
pf which 4.100.000 is to be used In organiz
ing and enlarging the telephone service.
Tobacco Interests have been disquieted
recently by persistent reports that the
Government intended to introduce a mon
opoly. The Novoe Vremya says it be
lieves it can deny the truth of these ru
mors categorically.
The municipality of Odessa has voted
fcr a church in honor of St. Nicholas as
hlfr e eSt a }llne S s he C ™'* reC ° Very frOm
Memorial to a Son.
«r^ 8^ m , em 2- ri^ of w her r cnly son - Weuten-
a S l Percy F. Forbes-I>ith of the First
vV^tP 1 "*^ 30 , 11 ?' T h0 «"«* last week "t
Newcastle, Natal, Mrs. A. T Forbes-
Leith (who # was Miss Marie January of
St Louis) of Fyvie CastK Aberdeenshirc.
and formerly of New York, has offered to
? re K ent a £ ulldln * at Aberdeen wSrtli £4000
rtitme aS a Go J don Highlanders' Ih-
Trials of a Torpedo-Boat.
t.£iF h $ rbo l? rs _fP eclal *ays: Important
trials of submarine boats took place here
to-day. The Minister of Marine M da
Lanessan. and the Minister of War. Gen
eral Andre, came to Cherbourg especially
XiSPSSii&SSK 111 " 1 ?: The trlals %
Minister of Foreign Affairs.
A St. Petersburg special savs- Afi»r
satisfactorily filling W preliminary
stages. Count LamsdVf has been d™nft£
ly appointed Minister of Foreign Affair*
Napntha production in Russia from Jan
uary 1 to November 1. 1'jOO, was 495.000.uoO
pood, against 433,000,000 poo d during the
same period of 1899.
The sugar crop of 1S00 was 12 per cent
smaller than that of 1839.
The privilege pi railways to import coal
for their own consumption free of duty
has been extended until July. 1901. Coal
deposits have been discovered at the sta
tion Grishin, on the Catherine railway n
Southern Russia. Tho future production
of the mines there Is estimated at 50 000 •M
pood annually, say 900,000 tons. Work will
toe begun next year.
LONDON, Jan. 7.— A St. Petersburg spe
cial says: The Ministry of Railway and
Ways of Communication in its demand
for appropriations for the next fiscal year
asks for three million rubles for the im
provement of the ports of St. Petersburg,
Cronstadt, Libau, Reval, Windau, Odessa,
Yalta, Marionopol, Novorossisk, Batouin
and Potu, the Ortchakoff canal and the
mouth of the Dnieper River.
Millions of Rubles for Im
provemant of Russian
Ports.
PROGRESS IN
REALM OF CZAR
Departure of the Australia,
The steamship Australia sailed yesterday for
Tahiti with a general cargo valued at JI6.237,
Including the following: 874 bxs apples and
pears, 7 pkgs agricultural implements, 3 tanks
acid, 4 cs arms and -ammunition, 2 anchors,
IS cs boot* and shoes, 74 sks bran, 7 bbls bottled
beer. 12 bbls beer ln bulk. 160 ctls barley,' 13
crs bicycles and' sundries, 20,014 lbs bread, 9566
lbs beans,. E0 cs coal oil. 108 colls cordage,
125O It>s codfish. SO cs canned goods,. 21 pkgs
Chinese merchandise, 3C cs candles. 17 cs drugs.
El cs dryeoods. C4 pkK8.'furnlture,'761 bbls flour,
14 cs g"lassware, 227 pkgs groceries- and pro
visions 178 cs hardware. 59 bdls 43 bars iron,
17 cs lamp goods. • I860 It-s' lard, 171,972 ft lum
ber.' 5000 laths. 2 pkfcs machinery. 442 lbs nuts,
13 kegs 'nails, 43 crs onions, 41 • cs .• 2 . drums
oil 107 crs potatoes. 17- cs . paper, 6 cs photo
goods, 12 bdls pipe. 20 cs paint, 6732 lbs rice.
21 bdls steel, • 174 cs coap, . 210 c» salmon. 4S3S
rbs sugar. 85.000 shingles, 60.000 shakes, 12.es
scales, 2393 lbs salt, 15 cs . sewing . machines.
8 cs 1169 gals wine..' (3 : crs .vegetables, 78 crs
wagon material. 5 colls wire rope. • ¦ . ."
•In transit— 25.300, tt>« T rice. , 22 , . pligs Chinese
merchandise, valued -*>t $490. ¦ . » , . •
Merchandise for Victoria.
The steamship TJmatilla: sailed Sunday . for
Victoria with. the usual cargo .valued at JC808,
exclusive of some In transit.- The . following
were the principal shipments: , 8 ¦ cs ; arms ¦ and
ammunition, 1633 lbs bread,- 500 Its butter. 1705
lbs coffee, lei AryKOoda. ¦. 2 ; cs -. bicycles. 8380
lt>a dried 1 , fruit. 42 keg^ gunpowder, 15 . cyls
Ka*. 6 cs hardware, 1C00 . f t lumber.; 6 pkgs
lead, 52 pkgs machinery, • 30,385 - lbs malt, 4*
The' Aloha loads merchandise for. Honolulu;
the Courtney Ford, lumber . at ¦ Everett . for
Salinas Cruz. .
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The schooner Julia E. Whalen, which
left here January 1 for Samoa, came back
to port. again yesterday. The mate was
washed overboard and drowned, some of
the sails were blown away and the deck
load shifted.
The Whalen got away on the afternoon
of New Year'? day, and at 7 a, m. the
next day it was blowing; a gale. The
gammon of the forestay carried away and
the ship was thrown on her beam ends.
January 3 it was blowing a fresh gale
from the south-southwest, and the Jib
was blown away. While trying to secure
the sheet Fir.U Mate Charles Oake was
washed overboard and never seen again.
After an overhauling the Whalen will
start again for Apia.
The schooner W. F. Witzemann came in
from San Marcos Island in distress. On
November 23 she was in a terriflc gale,
during which she sprung aleak. Over
twenty tons of gypsum was jettisoned
and the capteln ran for Espiritu Santo,
which place was reached on November 25.
The schooner was leaking eight inches an
hour, with no means of making repairs, so
the captain shipped a double crew and
started for San Francisco. Since Novem
ber 25 the pumps have been going night
and day, and all hands aboard are worn
out - ¦ , • .
Other Vessels in the Storm.
The schooner Bertha Dolbeer, which ar
rived at Grays Harbor, reports that ; on
December 22, at 9 a. m., she saw a large
ship close to. About ten minutes later
there was a terrific squall and the ship
disappeared. The crew of the schooner
think she capsized and went down. The
Dolbeer was two weeks off Grays Harbor
before she could get ln. . , ,
The steamer Homer, from Eureka, has
arrived at San Diego. She was hove to
off Cape ¦ Mendoclno .for thlrty-aix hours
and had all her forward, rail carried away
and lost 1200 bundles of shingles over
board. •
SCHOONERS IN THE GALE.
THE United States army transport
Sherman, which arrived from
Manila yesterday, had a terriflc
time of it on December 18 last.
She was caught ln a typhoon off
the coast of Japan and the waves broke
clear over the hurricane deck. One of the
port lifeboats was smashed into kindling
wood and another had to be cut adrift.
All the windows on the port side were
stove ln and the roof of the cabin was
taken off bodily and piled up around the
smokestack.
The wave that did the most damage
piled up as high as the crow's nest and
half drowned the man on the lookout.
Dr Hodgins had his room flooded and his
trunk was washed out and overboard
without his being able to move a hand to
save it. Misses Mary C. Loughlin. Teresa
C. McCarthy and Ella R. King were near
ly drowned in their rooms. Dr. Shaw and
a couple of passengers crawled on their
hands and knees to where the women
were and at considerable personal risk
carried them below.
The Sherman brought up twenty-eight
cabin passengers, 432 sick, two soldiers to
be retired, seventy discharged men, twen
ty-three quartermaster's employes, twen
ty-one members of the hospital corps, six
insane, one destitute civilian, forty-two
prisoners and fifteen guards.
Among those who came up in the cabin
were Colonel H. W. Wessels, Third Cav
alry; Lieutenant Colonel C. R. Paul,
Twentieth Infantry: Major George B. Da
vls. Captain G. W. Biegler, First Lieuten
ant Frank McNamey, First Lieutenant
Paul M. Shofter, Second , Lieutenant Car
los W. Pierce and Second Lieutenant
Charles B. Turner. Mrs. "W. H, Beck, wife
of the colonel of the Forty-ninth Infan
try; Mrs. "W. H. Winters, -wife of Lieuten
ant Winters of the Third Cavalry: Mrs.
C. A. E. King. Mrs. S. B. Tainter and
Mrs. E. G. Miller were also -among the
passengers.
There were six deaths during the voy
age. They were William Hart; private.
Company A, Thirty-sixth Infantry; Pri
vate Matthew J. Comlsky, Company M,
Seventeenth Infantry; Charles O. Hall,
Company F. Forty-second Infantry; John
son Axtel, Company K, Twentieth Infan
try . and Nelson Brimberry, musician,
Thirty-ninth Infantry.
Captain C. H. Grant will not go out
again on the Sherman. Instead he is go
ing East to become sailing master of the
Gould steam yacht Atalanta. •
Captain Mattlson. of schr Bertha Dolbeer.'at
Grays: Harbor, report! having been outside the
Monday, January 7.
, Stmr Argo, Olson, Coqullle River. : , ;¦¦> !J~J
Stmr Australia, Lawless, Tahiti, , '
Stmr Curacao, Parsons, Guaymas.
Stmr Newsboy, Ahlstrom, Caspar.
' 8tmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, . •. \ :
Stmr South Coast, . Olsen. Eureka. .
Stmr Navarro, Peterson, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Aberdeen, Hansen, San Pedro. ,
Mex Ftmr Mexico, -Von Helms, Guaymas. '
Tug Samson, Stream, Grays Harbor.
Ship Aryan. Whlttier.' New York.'
Br ship Riverside. McCully," Liverpool.
Bark Fresno, Petterson.- Port Gamble. ¦
Bark Albert. Griffith, Honolulu.
1 Tr' bark ; Lamoriciere, , Sauvlgnon, Queens
town. . . -- • :¦-'.-¦ :\
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, Blhlers Point/ , '
Schr Parkersburg. 'Jorgenson, Coqullle River.
Rchr 'Archie and Fontle, Jensen, Flsks Mill. •
Barge Washougal;. Harrlman, Grays Harbor,
ln tow of tuc Samson. '• .• *
¦ ; . . SPOKEN.
Nov 2S, lat.C6 S, ' Ion 65 W— Ship John Mc-
Donald, from. Baltimore, for San Francisco.
¦¦¦ Nov28,'lat-2 N. Ion 2S W — Br ship:Clan:Gra
ham, from 'Cardiff, for Santa Rosalia.. - - ¦ .
Jan 3,i lat#3i N; Ion 38 ; W— Br- ship ; Beech
bank, hence Aug.16. for QueenBtown, with loss
of -foretepmast and main topgallant yard
. ¦ MEMORANDUM., '.
Per schrW : F Wltzemann— Railed from San
Marco Island Nov 23. On Nov 24 ln strong NW
gale vessel sprung a leak and Jettisoned 20 tons
of cargo.' Nov 25 put into Esplrlto Santo Island
and :' shipped -double.: crew. : Vessel is -leaking
about 8 Inches an hour, on arrival . and pumps
are nolng steadily..,. >' .*¦*•.
-*;• ¦ - MISCELLANEOUS. ¦ .
SAN DIEGO. Jan 7— Stmr Homer on passage
frdm Trinidad was caughf in terriflc storm be
twoen ¦ Car>e Mendoclno and Point Arena, and
was hove to 36 hours." 7 Lost about 20 feet of for
ward rail on both I sides, had mainsail - carried
away end ; 1200 bdls j of shingles were washed
overboard. ''- ¦¦'•' '/.:'.."»¦'-'•;¦¦ ¦;'-¦.¦";¦';:.-«.<
SAILED.
Monday, January 7.
Stmr Curacao, " Parsons, Guaymas ; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, San Pedro: Goodall,
Perkins & Co. .
Stmr Geo W. rader, Randall, Astoria: Ore
gon Railroad & Nav Co.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen. Chemalnus; Paci
fic Coast Co. •
Stmr Albion, Erickson. Honolulu; KlrnbaJl
S S Co. -
Mex stmr Mexico, Von Helms, Guaymas;
Western Commercial Co. • *
CLEARED.
Monday, January 7.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 11 hours from Port
Bragg. •
Stmr State of California, Jepsen, S days from
Victoria and Puget Sound.
Stmr Washtenaw, Zolllng, 106 hours from
Taco ma-
St mr Iaqua. from sea, in distress. In. tow of
tURs Sea Klnsr and Rescue.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 19 hours from Cle
one, ¦* ¦
Bktn Planter, McNelll, 18*4 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 9 hours from Port
Ross. .
Schr W F ¦Wltzemann, Daeweritz, 45 days
from San Marcos Island, via Eaplrlto Santo
Island.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
"W. P. DAY.
Commander, U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Fog Signals. Pacific Coast. 1900. No. 131," page
30; also. the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast. 1900." pase 60. . "
Notice Is hereby given that on the 31st of
December, 19C0, the three-pile beacon from
which this fixed red light is shown on the east
side of the channel near the entrance, to the
dry dock at Alblna. Or., and which was car
ried away on the 24th of December, 1900. and
the light extinguished, has been replaced and
the light re-established. '
WILLAMETTE RIVER. OREGON
SWAN ISLAND BAR UPPER POST LIGHT,
Notice to Mariners.
In transit— GO • pkgs meat,- 79 cs Chinese pro
visions. 98 pkgs Chinese merchandise; 'value
$728.. . . , . •;•„..
The steamship Mexico also sailed yesterday
for Mexico with a cargo valued at $56,057, In
cluding the following: So bxs applet. 2013 lbs
beans. 36 tins bread, 17 ctls barley, 45 cs baking
powder. 10 cs boots and shoes. 250 bbls cement.
7514 rbs coffee, 5' es cotmac. 20 cs • 2 tanks coal
oil. 1740 lbs dried fruit, 29 cs cordage, 12 cs
canned goods, 100 cs coeoanut oil, 222 tons coal,
<3 cs drugs. 17 cs drygoods. 14 pkgs electrical
goods, 2583 pkfts groceries and provisions, .14
cs ginger ale, 380 bal-s hay, 1014 cs ' hardware.
2C62 lbs hams and bacon, 44 bdls iron, 40 cs
liquors, 61,145 ft lumber, 20 cs mineral water,
76 crs machinery, 47 kegs nails, 403 cs 2 drums
141 bbls oil, 73 crs onions, 9 bdls pipe. 5 pkgs
83 cs paste. 46 cs paper. 433 crs potatoes, 78
cs paint, 175 flasks <iuicks!lver. lbs rice.
250 cs raisins, 24 bdls oars, 89,830 lbs sugar,
27C0 lbs sulphur, E5 es salmon, 10 bdls spice.
40 chests tea, 17 pkgs tank material. 1217 bdls
shooks. 14,874 lbs tallow, 6 cs varnish, 70 ska
vegetables, 30 cs 2947 gals wine! 102 cs whisky.
The steamship Curacao sailed yesterday for
Mexico with a larg-e cargo valued and man
ifested up to 3 p. m. us follows: 270 cs apples,
21 cs acid, 5 bbls bottled beer. 100 tins bread.
28 bdls brooms, 5 cs canned goods. 25 cs cognac.
126 pkgs Chinese provi.3lr.ns, 611 lt>s coffee, 960
rbs chain, *> colls . cordage. 2 cs drygoods, 30
cs drucs, 3S0 lbs dried fruit. 20 cs fuse, S
bbls glass, 14S bales hay, 674 pkgs groceries
and provisions, • 1329 rbs ham and bacon, 10S
cs hardware, -4S3 lulls 46 bars iron. 6419 IT.s lard,
4 rolls leather, 5598 p?s 1500 ft lumber, 778 crs
machinery, 23 Bks malt, '39- kegs nails, 60 crs
onions, 14 cs oil. 21 cs paper and stationery.
17 cs paper. 210 crs potatoes, 8 pkgs paste, 11
cb paint,- 486 pes plp». S ca pipe and fittings,
101 flasks quicksilver. 2S05 bdls snooks. 280 cs
soap, 42 bars steel. , 1SS lbs tobacco, 10 : chests
tea, 6 cs typewriters and supplies, 10 cs. 678
gals wine, 2 bbls 150 cs whisky; valuft $35,442.
Merchandise for Mexico.
The American ship Aryan cleared Saturday
for New York with 422 bbls asphalt, 92 csks
whale oil, 62 cs scrap tin, 17 pkgs varnish, 6oo
sks beans, 21 cs hardware, 69 pkgs paste, 28
cs drugs, 25 kegs paint, 114 pkgs blackine.
25 C£> soda water. 19,135 sks barley, 12.725 cs
1000 bbl3 salmon, 3202 bbls wine. 97 kegs white
lead, 32 pkgs soda water apparatus, 30 pkgs
household goods. There were no values given
at the Custom-house as this is a coastwise
manifest and shippers are not obliged to state
the value of the shipments thereon.
A Cargo for New York.
bxs lemons, 15 bxs orahges, 3 cs paper, 15 bxs
raisins, 30 cs syrup of flgs, . 14 bars steel, 1000
Wis sugar, 20,000 Itis salt. 329 Itis tobacco, 04
era vegetables, 130 gala wine. '
In transit— 1 cs clKurs, 230,000 lbs sugar, 100
cs dates; value, $3225. ¦ ti
Steamer Movements.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BRISBANE— Arrived Jan 7— Stmr Warrimoo
from Victoria, B C. via Honolulu, for Sydney,
NSW. ¦ '
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Jan 7— Stmr AUer.
from New York, for Naples and Genoa.
Sailed Jan 6— Stmr Columbia, from Genoa ar.J
Naples, for New York.
HAMBURG— Sailed Jan 5— Stmr Patricia, for
New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Jan 7— Stmr South
wark, from Antwerp, for New York.
PLYMOUTH-Salled Jan 7— Crulslnc yacht
Prlnzessln Victoria Lulz. for New York.
BRISBANE— Arrived Jan 7— Br Btmr Vv'arrl
moo, from Vancouver.
SYDNEY— Arrived Jan 7— Schr W H Talbot,
from Port Gamble.
NANAIMO— Sailed Jan 6— Nor itmr Tellus.
for San Francisco.
'Arrived Jan C— Stmr San Mateo. from Port
Loe An~eles.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Jan 6— N*or
Etmr Skarpsno, from Oregon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Sailed Jan 5— Ship L. Schepp,
for' Manila.
EASTERN PORT.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 7, 10 p m-W«ather
clear; wind NW. velocity 12 miles.
' I>OMKSTIC PORTS.
¦ EURKKA- Arrived Jan 7— Stmr Eureka, hue
hence Jan 7.
Sailed Jan 7-Schr J G Wall, for San Fran
clsoo.
ABERDEEN'— Sailed Jan 7— Stmr "W H Kra-
SBATTLB— Arrived Jan 5— Stmr City of Se
attle, from Skaguay. Jan fr-Stmr Cottajre City,
from Alaska; Btmr Excelsior, hence Jan 3.
Sailed Jan 5— Tue Tatoosh. for San Francisco.
Jan 6— Stmr A1-K1. for Skasuay.
Arrived Jan 7— Stmr Oolphln, from Alaska,
Sailed Jan 7— Jap stmr Rlojun Maru. for Yo
kohama.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan G-Schr Es
ther Buhne, hence Jan 1: schr Vega, hence Jan
1: aclir Henry Wilson, hence Dec 27.
Sailed Jan O-Schr Oliver J Olsen. for Syd
ney; Bchr C A Thayer, for San Francisco ; schr
Jas A Garfleld. for San Pedro; schr Win 01
sen, for Honolulu.
SOUTH BEXD— Arrived Jan 7— Schr Repeat,
hence Dec 30.
VENTURA-Salled Jan 7-Stmr Geo Loomls.
for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 6— Stmr Areata. hnc
Jan 4.
Sailed Jan 6 — Stmr Empire, for San Fran-
Cisco.
UMPQU A— Arrived Jan 3-Schr Sadie, from
San Pedro. Jan i— Schr Louise, from San
Pedro; schr Lily, hence Dec 23.
SAN" WF.GO- Arrived Jan 7— Stmr Homer,
from Trinidad.
3AX PEDRO— Arrived Jan 7— Schr Zampa,
from Grays Harbor.
Sailed Jan 7— Schr Stlmson. for Seattle.
bar two weeks. That on Dec 22. at. 9 a m. a
blfc ship was close by, and durine a terrific
Bquall of about ten n^lnutes' duration Bhe disap
peared, and, of course, must have gone down.
"The Social Evil" was the subject of dls
cusslon last night at the regular weekly
meeting of -the Municipal League. Invi
tations were extended to a large number
of citizens prominent ln the various walks
of life to attend and express their views
as to the best means of eradicating the
evil, but only a few of them were present.
Mayor Phelan, W. M. "Woodward. G. R.
Fitch, ex-Judge Wallace, John S. Thomas,
James S. Webster, Rev% Dr. Frederick A.
Doane, J. N. Young, Charles \V. Pike, A.
B. Forbes, George A. Newhall, H. H. Bell
and I. J. Truman sent their regrets at
being unable to attend and excused their
absence on various grounds.
Police Commissioner McNutt read a pa
per on the subject under discussion. He
held that the evil must be dealt with in a
moro. business-like manner than it has
been dealt with ln the past. He was op
posed to the proposition of licensing
houses of ill repute and was of the opinion
that the objectionable classes should be
kept within certain territory within the
city, but not under the shadow of
churches and schools.
The Rev. Dr. Campbell said that, the
great waves of morality periodically
sweep over great cities, but generally fall
to purify,, because those leading the re
form movement do not act with common
sense. "You cannot eradicate the social
evil by legislation," said he, "any more
than you can legislate people Into so
briety."
Secretary C. L. Moore read letters from
Eastern cities showing that the authori
ties found it wisest to tolerate the evil
under certain regulations.
I3ador Jacobs, president of the Califor
nia Canneries: C. K. Alpers and Paul A.
Veucelions, who followed, spoke in favor
of restricting the social plague spot of the
city to some place where there is but lit
tle travel after nightfall.
Rev. Dr. Henry R. Fisk said that he
was not ln favor of concentration of the
objectionable class in any portion of the
municipality. He believed that there
should be arrests and imprisonment of all
offenders against the moral laws.
The Rev. Dr. William H. Rader said
STF.AT. TOOTHBRUSHES,
THTNKINO IT A JOKE
Two Well-Dressed Women Arrested
at Sale Bros.' and Charged With.
Petty Larcsny.
Two well-dressed young women giving
their names as Florence Cuslck and Anna
Scott were arrested yesterday ln Halo
Bros.' store, on Market street and charged
with stealing two toothbrushes which
were found in their possession. The
women had cone to the store, and after
making several purchases, one of them.
Jokingly, so they claim, picked up a tooth
brush from the counter and placed it in
her pocket. Not to be outdone ln what
she thought was a joke, the other also
possessed herself of a toothbrush. Special
Officer Greene saw them take the brushes
and he placed them under arrest. Amid
tears and pleadings they were forced to
accompany the officer to the City Prison,
where they were booked for petty lar
ceny. A short time afterward they were
released on $50 cash bail each. .
After the adoption of resolutions urging
the Supervisors to take immediate action
on the matter of restricting the height of
advertising fences to reasonable bounds
an adjournment was taken to Wednesday
evening.
Acting Chairman Greensielder appoint
ed N. Schlessinger, Gustav Schnee. S.
Feigenbaum. W. M. Well. F. C. Sel fridge.
C. L. Moore, C K. Alpers. Isador Jacobs.
Irvin Davis and D. Pike to represent tho
league when the bond question comes up
before the Supreme Court next Monday
for argument.
that the social evil was a festering sore
on the body politic. He believed ln re
strictive measures, as he had no faith ln
prohibitory laws.
"I believe In confining the objectionable
classes to a definite quarter," said he.
"What we particularly need Is the en
forcement oi the I&wi we now have and
not the enactment of new statutes."
Decks; AreSwept, Two Lifeboats Are Carried Away, Cabin Roof Is Torn
Of f and Three of the Lady Passengers Are Nearly Drowned in Their
Berths, While Four Hundred Sick-SoldiersAboard Have a Hard Time.
SHERMAN CAUGHT IN TYPHOON
OFF THE COAST OF JAPAN
MOBILE. Ala., Jan. 7.— A sensation was
epruns here to-day by the arrest of Con
struction Quartermaster Cyril W. King,
who la the fall of last year took charge
cf extensive improvements at Fort Mor
gan, on the charge of accepting bribes
from Contractor J. H. Hobson, a cousin
of Lieutenant H. Hobson, who is engaged
In Government work ln various parts of
the country. The arrest was made by
Eped&l Agent E. P. Me Adams and was
the result of suspicion in Washington.
Captain King was brought before United
Etates Commissioner Richarby, and fail
ing in a bond o* $10,000 is now under arrest
In his apartment at the Bienville Hotel.
Captain King Is a native of Iowa and
was one of th<» volunteer officers created
at the outbreak of the Spanish war. The
proof against him, although he maintains
that he ie not guilf of the offense
charged, was the finding <.n his person by
a special agent of ten 1100 bills, which had
been previously marked by a Government
officer in accordance with an arrangement
a detective had made with. Contractor
Hobson, who pave the money to King
shortly before his arrest. The history of
the bribery, overtures for which were
made by King, according to Hobson, Is
described by the contractor ln an Inter
view as follows:
"In June last I received a contract for
the erection of barracks at Fort Morgan,
Alabama. I began work at once, and as
eoon as the building became in course of
erection King began condemning the ma
terial used. When I went to Mobile King
etated he wanted to make JJOOO out of the
contract. King met me ln Mobile yester
day and told me he needed $1000. I in
formed an agent of the fact, and $1000 ln
marked money was placed ln the bank, l
drew the money this afternoon and by
appointment met Captain King ln my
room at the hotel. The money was paid
over to him, and he Informed me he
thought there would be no trouble. He
walked down stairs and was placed un
der arrest by a Government agent walt
lr.g for him."
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Constructor Is Accused of
Soliciting and Accept
ing a Bribs.
CAPTAIN KING
UNDER ARREST
San Jose, Henry GuEtavson; Los Angeles,
F.dward Crowell: Vallejo, John Davidson; Ala
n-da. E. Ii. Preble: San Rafael. S. H. Tucker;
Ear Matec, C. VT. Smith-
The committee on arrangements embraced
TV. Macarthur. R W. Smith. T. E. Zan, Au
rust Kten. Alexander DIJeau. A. R. Andre
fend Arthur TVlsaer.
On motion of James Bowlan of the
Hackmen's tTnien it was resolved to send
e telepram to Senators George C. Perkins
and Thomas R. Bard urging them to sup
port the two labor measures now before
Congress.
The delegates of the convention were
crss is assured. Let" the spirit of adventure
viicn Questions not Ftrictiy ropnate to the busi
ness ol the trade union prevail and some meas
ure of failure Is inevitable. Among- trade
unions there should be no disagreements. Dlf-
Icrences may arise upon a question of rr.tans,
but if actuated solely by devotion to the one.
exeat end of all our' efforts nothing: but good
c*ji result from the Irlction of mind against
mind.
The Immediate cVJect before us is the forma
tion of a State Federation cf Labor. The only
restriction upes you in this work is that such
body shall be established In complete accord
with the labor movement of the country, as
represented by the American Federation of
lAbor. In adi'.t'.or. It is within your province
to transact such other business as may be
necessary or appropriate to the main purpose.
In this connection It Is proper to state for the
l«er>e?.t of tr.y delegate who might have been
tnisled by rumor or otherwise that the Labor
Council and the committee of arrangements,
epe&kir.f individually aa well as collectively,
disclaim any lrwcntion to create permanent sal
aried office*, and only such officers as the con
tention may fieem necessary and best calcu
lttefl to serve the general good.
The election of temporary officers was
then taken up. Harry Gibb. president of
the San Francisco Typographical Union,
was unar.imously chosen chairman. Guy
Lathrcp was elected temporary secretary.
After much discussion It was decided that
the committee on credentials be composed
of the committee of arrangements from
San Francisco and one member from each
city outside of San Francsico. such mem
ber to be selectc-d by his delegation. The
following' delegates outside the city were
then declared members of the committee:
LABOR DELEGATES MEET
AND FORMULATE PLANS
FOR STATE FEDERATION
Gathering Is Called to Order by Wi Macarthur
and Is Followed in a Stirring Speech
by J. D. Pierce.
Delegates representing labor organiza
tions all over the State patheredln con
vention yesterday in Pioneer Hall to ef
fect the formation of a Federation of La
bor for the State of California. The pro
ject Ss to establish in the State a central
organization of labor, which will perform
the same duties in the interest of labor in
the State as the American Federation of
Labor does toward organized labor of the
nation at larp?- The convention is com
posed of over IjO delegates, who are rep
resentatives from all the central councils
and all unions chartered by or affiliated
¦with the American Federation of Labor.
The convention was called to order by
W. Macarthur. president of the local
committee, at l'j:30 o'clock. Benjamin "W
Smith was appointed secretary, and he
was ably assisted by A. E. Rose. F. P.
Earrsett of the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil performed the duties of serjeant-at
arms. The operlr.g address of Chairman
Macarthur was enthusiastically received.
He Es.id In part.
Am chairman of the committee delegated by
the San Francisco Labor Council to arrange
tJie preliminaries of this Catherine It becomes
my fistjr to bring; you to order for the purpose
outlined in the ofnclal call. We ar* gathered
together for the purpose of creating a new
organization, which we believe will achieve
much for the future of our hop's. L-f u»
take care that we do not in the excesF Of zeal
Co anything to weaken the old organizations
that have realized and which etiil maintain
the hopes of the past.
VTe are gathered as representative* of th«
trades union movement; let the spirit of trade
unionism prevail in vour even' act and euc-
then addressed by Nr.tlonal Organizer J.
D. Pierce of tbe American Federation of
Labor.
In the evenirg the members appointed
to frame the constitution and by-laws met
and they will pre^om the result of their
labors to the convention this morning.
The members <f the committee were:
V. Maoarthur (chairman), John Davidson.
n. \V. Smith M. A. Mclnnls. J B. W. Crowell,
J. W. Roit, A. K. -\nflre and O. Meloney.
The list of dol?gates follows:
Los Anpelps— John Mrtz. E. N." Lloyd and E.
TV Crowell.
Oakland— J. D. Sertt. P. B. Preble-. J. W.
Flynn C L. Gibscn. J. Hothchild, A. Ii.
Champion, C W. Pr'her, F. M. McBee, C. D.
Rays. M. A. Mclinls.
Sacramento— Joseph Hediger. J. Bailment. J.
F. Rpjlly. J- L. Kaverlan. W. II. Rol>ertson.
San Francisco— M. W. Coffer, A. Dljeau, J.
E. Crowiey. Frank Burns, O. Shulti, F. J.
Gfhrli?. G. F. WVUhim. G. I* Morgan, J. K.
Jones, F. B. WiKUurs, Charles Batter man. F.
J. Lane, G. Oaks. Dandy McDowell, Fred CSa
r:ne. F. Burnett. I. Jaroby, Charles Neeb. Au
tratt Iten, Peter Hales. J. Hafer, Frank
Brleker. A. E. Rnwl. J. B. Johnstone. II. W.
Hull. II. P. R!rdo:i. I Less. George Barnabbee
H KUker. J. V. Durrlng. A. E.- Ray, M. O.
Davis. C. T. Shuppcrt. M. XI. Blum. P. Johan
?en. T. KJsfeldt, A. Schaever, J. J. Doherty.
John Mullen, T. Malltar, Henry Heller. Marcel
Wille. George Stein, W\ Hlpburn, J. Bolan,
Joteph Kirk. John Hudrpeth, J. Manning, C.
J. Loss. C. J. Woodall, John Donahue, W. E.
Walker. Harry Glbb. C. H. Parker. F. P. Cul
vert. Thomas Wright. 3. K. Phillips. C. L.
Ames, J. W- Ro?s, G. \V. Sansevala
— »
BABBERS' OFFICERS
ABE DULY INSTALLED
Previous to Installation Sixty-Seven
New Members Sign Boll
of Union.
The seating capacity of Laurell Hall,
Shiels building, 32 O'Farrell street, was
taxed to Its utmost last night by the
members of the Journeymen Barbers* In
ternational Union. The occasion of the
gathering was the installation of the of
ticers elected at a recent meeting. At 9
o'clock J. D. Pierce Pacific Coast or
ganizer of the American Federation of
Labor, ascended the rostrum, and when
Secretary Currier announced the names of
the newly elected officers of the union
they were duly obligated and took, their
respective stations, after which a care
fully prepared musical and literary pro
gramme was carried out.
The officers installed are: President, J.
R. Bllelv; vice president. E. R. "Wray:
financial and corresponding secretary, t
Less; recording secretary, W. B. Currier;
treasurer, George Barrett: guide. E.
Walker; guardian. T. H. Kenny; trustees
— E. W. Donrortb, Edgar Apgar, G. II.
Van Valkenberg; finance committee— L
Less, E. Power, F. Smith; delegates to
Labor Council— George Barrett, I. Less,
E. Silverstein. E. Powell. E. F. Schneider,
F. Kllgar and G. De Coin.
Previous to the installation sixty-seven
new members signed the roll, leaving six
teen applicants to be enrolled at the next
meeting. The total membership up to
date is 750.
Carpenters' Jinks and Installation.
Carpenters' Union No. 4S3 held an In
stallation and high jinks at 915 Market
street last night. Light refreshments and
plenty of union-made cigars were passed
around. The following are the new of
ficers of this union: President, C. A.
Templet on: vice president, \V. F. Spen
cer; recording secretary, A. S. Carlisle;
financial secretary. Guy Lathrop; treas
urer, O. M. V. Roberts; conductor, A.
Cates; warden. C. Campbell, and trustee,
W. J. Kidd.
Majority of the Speakers Favor the Con
fining of the Objectionable Classes
to One Locality.
SOCIAL EVIL IS THEME
DISCUSSED BY MEMBERS
OF MUNICIPAL LEAGUE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1901.
WHEN OFF THE JAPANESE COAST LAST MONTH THE ARMY TRANSPORT SHERMAN WAS CAUGHT IN A TY
PHOON AND HAD A TERRIBLE TIME OF IT. WINDOWS WERE BROKEN, CABINS WERE FLOODED AND
TWO LIFEBOATS WERE LOST. . •
TO ARRIVE.
Sun rises... .....7:26
Run sets .5:07
Mcon rises ..9:09 p. m.
TO SAIL.
5
Steamer.
From.
1 Due.
Km pi re
Matteawan.....
Fulton.....
Gaelic...
Nome City
Alliance.
Arcata.. v
Corona
Stimcft
Eureka..........
Newburg...
Point Arena... J
Santa Rosa.....
Columbia.......
Rainier.........
Y.\ H. Kruger.
Crescent City..
Robert Dollar..
North Fork....
Pomona
Zealandla
Walla Walla...
Queen
Bonita.......... I
Marlpcsa.......!
Coos Bay j a n. 8
Tacoma. Jan. 8
Grays Harbor...". Jan. 8
China and Japan .... Jan. 8
Seattle Jan. 9
Portland and Coos Bay Jan. 9
Coos Bay Jan. 9
Newport Jan. 9
Humboldt Jan. 9
Humboldt Jan. 9
Grays Harbor.. Jan. 10
Point Arena.... Jan. 10
San Diego..... Jan. 10
Portland .....'... Jan. 10
Seattle Jan. 10
Grays Harbor Jan. 10
Crescent City Jan. 10
Seattle Jan. 11
Humboldt Jan. 11
Humboldt .'Jan. 11
Honolulu Jan. 12
Victoria & Puget Sund. Jan. 12
San Diego Jan. 13
Newport Jan. 11
Sydney and Way Ports Jan. 14
Steamer.
Destination. 1
Sails.
I Pier.
Tomona Humboldt ...Jan. 8. 2 pm Her 9
G. Elder.... Portland Jan. 8. 11 am 1'ier 24
Tioanoke Pan. & Way. Jan. 8. 2 pm Pier 34
konita...... Newport Jan. 8. 9 am Pier 11
City Peking China & Jap. Jan. 8. 1 pm PMSS
J>ru Pan. & Way. Jan. 9, 12 m PMSS
Queen San Diego.... Jan: 9, 9 am Pier 11
Coqullle Rv. Grays Harbor Jan. 9. 3 pm Pier —
Fulton Grays Harbor Jan. 9 Pier 20
Umpire..... Coob Bay Ja.n. 10. 10am Pier 13
Nome City. Seattle Jan. 10 Pier 20
Alliance. ..„ Ptld & C. B. Jan. 10. 10 am Pier —
State of CaL Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. 11, 11 am Pier 9
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 11. 12- m Pier 13
Corona Newport Jan. 11, 9 am Pier 11
Rival Wlllapa Har. Jan. 11. B pm Pirr 2
Eureka Humboldt .... Jan. 11, 9 am Pier 13
W.H.Krugei Grays Harbor Jan. 12
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena. Jan. 12. 2 pm Pier 2
Columbia... Portland Jan. IS. 11am Pier 24
Kctnier Seat & N. W. Jan. 13 .......
Xewburg... Grays Harbor Jan. 13
c Time!* |TJme| |Time] ITlmei
-5 Ft. I Ft. | Ft. Ft
<T, H W L, i.W H W| L W
TT7. 2:26 5.2 7:30 2.5 1:31 6 2 7:53 0 2
¦»¦.:. 3:04 5.2 8:30 .2.5 , 2:2S 4.6 8:30 0 7
U ... 3:40 5.8 9:34 2.3 3:25 9:10 1.2
11 ;.. 4:18 '6.3 10:36 1.9 4:33 3.8 9:55 1.7
12... -4:58 5.2 11:31 2.2 6:43 3.6 10:40 2 0
13:... 5:39 5.3 12:30 1.3 7:02 3.5 11:31 2*4
14.:. 6:20 5.41 1:231 : 0.91 8:15 3.7 ;
c Time!* |TJme| |Time] ITlmei
-5 Ft. I Ft. | Ft. Ft
<T, H W L, i.W H W| L W
TT7. 2:26 5.2 7:30 2.5 1:31 6 2 7:53 0 2
¦»¦.:. 3:04 5.2 8:30 .2.5 , 2:2S 4.6 8:30 0 7
U ... 3:40 5.8 9:34 2.3 3:25 9:10 1.2
11 ;.. 4:18 '6.3 10:36 1.9 4:33 3.8 9:55 1.7
12... -4:58 5.2 11:31 2.2 6:43 3.6 10:40 2 0
13:... 5:39 5.3 12:30 1.3 7:02 3.5 11:31 2*4
14.:. 6:20 5.41 1:231 : 0.91 8:15 3.7 ;
Steamer.
From.
1 Due.
Km pi re
Matteawan.....
Fulton.....
Gaelic...
Nome City
Alliance.
Arcata.. v
Corona
Stimcft
Eureka..........
Newburg...
Point Arena... J
Santa Rosa.....
Columbia.......
Rainier.........
Y.\ H. Kruger.
Crescent City..
Robert Dollar..
North Fork....
Pomona
Zealandla
Walla Walla...
Queen
Bonita.......... I
Marlpcsa.......!
Coos Bay j a n. 8
Tacoma. Jan. 8
Grays Harbor...". Jan. 8
China and Japan .... Jan. 8
Seattle Jan. 9
Portland and Coos Bay Jan. 9
Coos Bay Jan. 9
Newport Jan. 9
Humboldt Jan. 9
Humboldt Jan. 9
Grays Harbor.. Jan. 10
Point Arena.... Jan. 10
San Diego..... Jan. 10
Portland .....'... Jan. 10
Seattle Jan. 10
Grays Harbor Jan. 10
Crescent City Jan. 10
Seattle Jan. 11
Humboldt Jan. 11
Humboldt .'Jan. 11
Honolulu Jan. 12
Victoria & Puget Sund. Jan. 12
San Diego Jan. 13
Newport Jan. 11
Sydney and Way Ports Jan. 14
Steamer.
Destination. 1
Sails.
I Pier.
Tomona Humboldt ...Jan. 8. 2 pm Her 9
G. Elder.... Portland Jan. 8. 11 am 1'ier 24
Tioanoke Pan. & Way. Jan. 8. 2 pm Pier 34
konita...... Newport Jan. 8. 9 am Pier 11
City Peking China & Jap. Jan. 8. 1 pm PMSS
J>ru Pan. & Way. Jan. 9, 12 m PMSS
Queen San Diego.... Jan: 9, 9 am Pier 11
Coqullle Rv. Grays Harbor Jan. 9. 3 pm Pier —
Fulton Grays Harbor Jan. 9 Pier 20
Umpire..... Coob Bay Ja.n. 10. 10am Pier 13
Nome City. Seattle Jan. 10 Pier 20
Alliance. ..„ Ptld & C. B. Jan. 10. 10 am Pier —
State of CaL Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. 11, 11 am Pier 9
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 11. 12- m Pier 13
Corona Newport Jan. 11, 9 am Pier 11
Rival Wlllapa Har. Jan. 11. B pm Pirr 2
Eureka Humboldt .... Jan. 11, 9 am Pier 13
W.H.Krugei Grays Harbor Jan. 12
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena. Jan. 12. 2 pm Pier 2
Columbia... Portland Jan. IS. 11am Pier 24
Kctnier Seat & N. W. Jan. 13 .......
Xewburg... Grays Harbor Jan. 13
entrance).
Francisco.
DRiMEYEHS&CO,
Specialists. Disease
and weakness o£
men. ¦ Established
1S81. -* Consultation
and private book
free, at ollice or by
moil. Cures guar-
anteed. 7551 Mar-
ket street (elevator
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and anal jgous complaints of tha
Organs. of Generation. , •
Price SI a bottle. For sale by drucKlats.
B^i^\. \ i/<'\s'&^££k canr - ot *>• cured by
TOjBBVIN^Xj* yijaljf »alves, lotions, eonj-
¥Ji&t3&i*5k4*r*^s5' roon trusses, or
H- S; «£gw*JH$i!-^ -Quack" operators.
U -S$&ti> "DR. PIERCE-S MAGNtTlC
H SffiKr ELECTRIC TRUSS" Is dlf-
B vflfK fe-ent It does the work. I
cy 'BOOKLET NO. 1" gives
lr fall information. Call • or wntt
for it. .- Mmi'immm&ammgmg
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.
620 Market st. (opp. Palace Hotel). ». F.
DB. HALL'S fiEINVlGORATORSTOfaq
Five hundred reward for any
case we cannot cure. This secret OB HH
remedy stops all losses ln 24 hours. ] ?£
cures Emissions. Impotency, Varl- 3JJ 193$
cocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits. ¥¥} tf*m
Strictures, Lost Manhood and all iZLS liUlj
wasting eiTectM of nelf-abusa or ys*j £~a»t
excesses. Sent sealed, ii bottle; 3 WT»nW
botUes. J.*; guaranteed to cur* any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE, S5i
Broadway. Oakland. Cat. Also for sale at 1073-,
Market St.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
NABER.: AL.FS& BRCJfE. Agents.
323 Market St.. S., F.— (Send for Circulars.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIGORA-
¦ tor and Nervine. '
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for tba Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and. Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
Tho SU James Assn.. Box 8T4. Cincinnati. C hat
prepared at itreat expense an exhaust- rnppl
Fre Illustrated Treatise upon the male L II L L I
inum. which tb«y will send to any | lirr i
aiale applicant, lllfc.fc.1
v. l*i,h\ i«N 25OELMST.,
5 1. JA.nCi A32n., Cincinnati, Ohio.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
"Oran-SolTenf'dlssolTes Stricture like snow be-
aeatbttae snn. reduces Kn la rjced Prostate an*
strengthens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains am
Emissions Is Fifteen Days.
No dram to ruin the stomach, bat » direct locaj
Mid positlre application to the entire urcthral tract
Grin-SolTent Is not s liquid. It Is prepared la
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smootb and flexlbl*
md so narrow as to pass tbe closest Stricture.
In Fifteen Days
Cured While
You Sleep
Of floe 1OO4- Market Street
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Glad to see you any time, whether you
have a laundry order or complaint for us.
Sounds queer, doesn't It. asking: you to
make complaints about our laundry work;
but we all make mistakes and here we
rectify them when told about them. We
will call for and deliver goods ln any part
of San Francisco, free of charge.
. Domestic finish for full dress shirts If
you order it.
# No saw "edges.
HOW DO YOU DO?
?040*0*0+O*O4>O#O*O«O»0#O*O*>
|¥PfSHY IS' HEALTHFUL I
? fijf : A Natnral Mineral Watar ?
O rS§ »ith medicinal qualltlsi.
o jiHiiL Or k^ifC 63 ** 011 and 9
o '^PP& Stomach Disorters. o
! j™!| so " called VICHY !
% p|pi£& i N siphons ?
I SBuM VlCHYf
* •P^lPlj Cet thB Gon . ulns o
O a. V1CNIER, Dlstributlnar Asrent »
ADVERTISEMENTS.
San
I If I T| teB
Because Jb»wot^| Because
It is the ONLY light ¦flf r L..ij| ¦.¦hJA,, It saves 83^ per cent
v/Ith Gas-Saving vSF^ ln
Regulator iRffiBg cost of lighting
UlWelsbadv CompanMH" ~*
\ Vtf| HO ELLIS STREET Wi
Look for the name Look for th«
"WeJsbach" t£ff**ft?*?jSm5 Sea!
on the mantle fl^9©§Sii CQ the box
;¦':-;¦' ¦ *~~ 1 'g S *An appeal will be made at this session of the Legis
lature to divide Santa Clara County. It would seem
to be a wise course to confine the very belligerent
politicians of Santa Clara to one county and not inflict
them upon two.
It is pleasant to note the rain is coming our way
this winter, but it would be * pleasanter if it were not
accompanied by so much blowing.
A Senate committee has decided that oleomargar
ine is "entirely wholesome," and that, being so, it
should be sold under its own. wholesome name, and
not. labeled "butter."
Carson City, it is announced, is to have another big
prize-fight and another visitation from the^Iug uglies
and their dangerous train. It had been supposed that
the little cfty had been punished enough already.
• Governor Pingree of Michigan says it cost him
$450,000 to-be Governor for four years. This remark
able declaration ought to suggest to the people of the
State that they have had one chief executive with
whom it is a pleasure to dispense, because of the dan
ger of his example.
Another indictment has been filed in this city
against the evil of the race course. We have had
crimes ranging in seriousness from ¦ petty larceny to
forgery and from assault to murder, and now in the
sad example of a young gambler in' raving madness
produced by the excitement of the track. '"¦¦''.''/'¦
That Vexed Problem.
" 'Bcimft me for being so late, m-m-my
dear, but fart ie we was having a dis
dlshcussion on whether the cons'tooshun
follows th' flag, orth' f-f-flag follows
cons'tooshun." .
"Oh. you were, were you? "Well, what
did you decide?" ,.>
"ThaBS it. What did we decide? Jim
S-S-Smith says that flaK don't f-f-follow
anything. He says that f-tiag always
leads." Thass what Jim says. Joe Bangs
says tnat cons'tooshun Is more'n hundred
yearsh old, and when it goes anywhere It
ought t-to be t-t-taken in a hack. Jim
says it couldn't by no possible means fol
low anything. v\ Good '• crack, wasn't It?
Joe's got a g-g-great head.'^jfops
"And what did you decide?".
"Who? Me? Mean me. my dear? Why,
I Jus' said that the best way to solve per
oblem was to wrap cona'tooshun tightly
'round flagstaff, an' then let 'em go Into It
togessor. Thass th' way. Watcher think
ofit?" -
¦ "Well, I think if you don't pull off your
shoes and follow, them with the rest of
your garments, and then wrap the blan
kets tightly •>• around you. . there'll * be
enough kinds' of trouble -raised in this
family to wreck the best government- that
ever ; ' was formed."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer. ' "
A Notable Peat.
The Rreat 'storm that nmote Galvestnn
swept the big. British' steamship Taunton
inland twenty-seven milp* and, when the
waves -receded th* ship whb high and dry
In a. region devoted to grazhig. An Amer
ican rtrnv. went -there, with: dredgers' and. !h
thirty days howed ¦¦ out a' channel and
floated the ship back to port. .The ship
Is -not much -the 1 worse'; for- her 1 visit in
land. — Salt Lake Tribunu. . .
,The engraving represents a dress worn
in "L*»s neml-VietfceV' at the.Athenee,
by Mile. Bl?non. jit Is of dove colored
cloth. Th« corsage opens In front over
a waistcoat embrfld»»r*d with gold *nd
edged with black. yelvat. The pale drab
hat U* trimmed with moaa dalil**.
• ft I TMlim >hlTW Ftf*M> ...jm ~ JM .
FASHION HINTS FROM PARIS.
With the exception of the Quay contest the most
generally interesting struggle of the winter will be
the fight in 'Illinois for the seat now occupied by
Senator Cullom. Ex-Governor Tanner, Representa
tive Cannon and Representative Hitt are aspirants for
the place," ?.nd of course Cullom desires re-election.
It is asserted that Tanner has entered the field solely
to defeat Cullom. and will throw his strength to either
The States in which there will be contests of greater
or less interest are Deiaware, Colorado, Illinois, Kan
sas, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire,
Pennsylvania, South Dakota and Utah. The contests
in Delaware and Pennsylvania have been before the
country for a long time. They are the outcome of
bygone deadlocks, and may be accounted as parts of
the unfinished business of the last century. That of
Addicks in Delaware is of but little interest to the
country at large, but in Pennsylvania, where Quay
is making a fight for victory or political death, the
contest attracts attention throughout the Union, for.
whatever be his faults, Quay is a leader of national
reputation and influence and many large interests are
bound up with his fortunes.
In several States the elections are foregone con
clusions. Hoar of Massachusetts, Frye of Maine,
Berry of Arkansas, McMillan of Michigan, Sewell of
New Jersey, McBride of Oregon, Elkins of West Vir
ginia and Warren of Wyoming are sure of re-election.
Two Populist Senators — Pettigrew of North Dakota
and Butler of North Carolina — will have to go, the
one giving place to a Republican, the other to a
Democrat.
In a good many States the successors to the in
cumbents whose terms will expire on March 4 have
been already elected. Wetmore of Rhode Island,
Bacon of Georgia, Morgan of Alabama and Tillman
of South Carolina have been re-elected. Bailey of
Texas is to follow Chilton, Blackburn of Kentucky is
to succeed Lindsay, Foster takes the place of Caffery
of Louisiana, Sullivan of Mississippi gives way to Mc-
Laurin, Virginia some time ago returned Senator
Martin, and Vermont has chosen a Senator for the
unexpired term of Senator Morrill.
SENATORIAL ELECTIONS
f* ALIFORNIA fortunately has no United States
( Senator to elect this winter, and therefore can
watch the struggles elsewhere without being
tormented by troubles of her own. There is to be a
larger number of Senators elected this winter than
ever before in the history of the Senate. Owing to
the death of Senators or to deadlocks several States
have two Senators to elect, and in some of them there
are already signs portentous of deadlocks to come.
That changes in journalism will come with the cen
tury is not to be doubted. Nothing remains long
unchanged in this world. Even in book publishing
the old folios of the past have given place to the handy
octavos and duodecimos' t>f our time, and the future
will see further alterations of form and style. Mr.
Harmsworth's New Year edition of the World is
something in the nature of a prediction of the course
the coming change will take, but, like all other New
Year predictions, it is but an individual's^ guess. The
journalism of the future, as of the past, will be de
termined by the slow evolution of public opinion, and
if we are ever to have tabloid journalism the time of
its coming is a long way off. .
The point aimed at by the editor was that of pro
viding a paper that can be easily read and conve
niently carried. The claim was made that by glancing
over the thirty-two pages of which the I paper was
composed the busy man could get a summary of the
news of the world in sixty seconds. Such being the
aim, it seems that Harmsworth missed his mark.
Tabloid journalism does not show the news as quickly
as the wide page of the present form of paper.
HARMSWORTH'S ideal of what a twentieth
century newspaper should be, presented in the
form of a New Year's edition of the New York
World, has reached this side of the continent. The
most striking novelty of the venture is the change in
size of the pages of the paper. Instead of the ap
proximately square sheet to which newspaper readers
are accustomed, the Harmsworth paper is but four
columns wide, while its length is quite three times the
width. To this form of paper Harmsworth has given
the name "tabloid journalism," and the name fits well,
for one looks about as queer as the other sounds.
HARMSWORTH'S IDEAL PAPER.
HORSE LATITUDE-G. T. R., Hay
wards. Cal. Horse latitude Is a name
given by sailors to a belt of calm in the
Atlantic extendlni?. usually, from about 30
to 35, north latitude, where sailing ves
sels are often delayed for days for want
of wind. Many years ago a large num
ber of . horses and mules were shipped
from the United States to the West Indies
in exchange for sugar, rum and other
products of the islands. The vessels ran
short of water for th* animals in thi3
belt and many died. Th« carcasses were
thrown overboard and sailors In vessels
that passed later on, seeing the carcasses
floating, applied the terra to that latlud.
STERLING SILVER— C. O. T.. Glen
wood, Cal. By sterling silver is meant
having a standard of value of finene»3
established by the British Government,
eald of British silver coin. The standard
silver, of which coin ia minti?d, consists of
thirty-seven fortieths of fine metal anci
three-fortieths of alloy: fineness 925. Sil
ver plate that bears the mark "sterling"
means that it is made of silver of the
fineness of the British standard of coin.
That which is marked "coin silver" Indi
cates that It is made from coin that ha.i
been melted up for the purpose and la
not indicative of any particular standard.
white and the short feathers of the body
are Jet black, while the rump and wine
feathers of the female are white tinged
with gray, somewhat dusky. The general
body color of the femal© is of the latter
hue. The feathers of the male bird ar»
consequently more valuable than those
of the female.
OSTRICH FEATHERS— A. S.. Oakland.
Cal. In the male ostrich th© Ions feath
ers of the wing3 and hinder parts are
do not give the seating capacity of th»
Theater Politeama Genovese in th« city
of Genoa.
RUHX.IN AND MAHER — Subscriber.
City. The fight between Ruhlin and
Maher, May 2, 1399, New Tork. resulted In
a draw at the termination of the twen
tieth round. December 17 they met again
in Philadelphia. They fought again ten
rounds; no decision.
EXPLOSIVES IN THE MAILS-S..
Georgetown. Cal. The carrying: of ex
plosives in the United States mail is pro
hibited. A section of the United States
laws makes It a crime punishable by a fine
of from J1000 to $10,000 for any one to carry
giant powder or other explosives on any
vessel or any vehicle by water or land
that is engaged in the carrying of passen
gers.
MAIL, MATTER EN ROUTE— S..
Georgeown, Cal. The United States Re
vised Statutes say that "every route
agent, postal clerk or other carrier of the
mail shall receive mall presented to him.
if properly prepaid by stamps, and deliver
the same for mailing at the next post
office at which he arrives, but no fees
shall be, allowed him therefor." Under
that law a mail carrier Is bound to accept
mail handed him on the route between
postofflces if properly stamped. '
ITALIAN THEATERS— P. B.. City. Thu
books of reference attainable in this city
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
HALF-DI3IE— Optlmus. City. A half
dime of 1S39 is not one of th» coins for
which dealers offer a premium.
Count Zeppelin has accomplished much in the way
of constructing an airship, but it is quite probable
the credit of solving the problems of aerial naviga
tion may be gained by this country instead of Ger
many, for according to recent reports Professor
Langley has a ship which he claims can carry six
men and travel at the rate of 100 miles an hour. He
is now waiting for some one to furnish him with the
money to perfect it, and it is not likely he will have to
wait long, for good authorities consider his machine
much more practicable than that of Zeppelin. The
Tace is evidently close, and the end may be reached
much sooner than is now expected.
Dr. L,. E. , Cross of Stockton Is at the
Grand.
Peter Johnson, Jeweler of Angels, is at
the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Hale of Los Angeles
are at the Grand.
Senator W. F. Prlsk of Grass Valley Is
at the Occidental.
Judge 'E. C. Hart and wife of Sacra
mento are at the Grand.
G. A. a New York hotel man.
Is registered at the Lick.. /
W. B. McGerry, a Bakersfleld oil man.
is registered at the Occidental.
J. M. Wilmans, a Newman mining man,
is registered at the Occidental.
G. W. Towle, a mill man of Towle. Is
stopping with his wife at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. B. T. Sandow of the Ha
waiian Islands are at the Occidental.
A. Moncure, manager of the Hearst
ranch at Palermo, is at the Occidental.
Robert G. Barton,, manager of the
Fresno Opera-house, is at the California.
F. H. Yost, son of the Inventor of the
typewriter of that name, is stopping at
the Palace.
W. H. Davenport, general agent for the
Colorado Midland, left last evening for
Denver to attend a conference of the com
pany officials."
Railroad Commissioner K. B. Edson of
Gazelle is at the Occidental. He Is here
to attend a meeting of the Commissioner
to be held to-day.
W. C. Cannon, a. nephew of Congress
man Cannon of Illinois, Is at the Occi
dental. Mr. Cannon Is quartermaster on
the transport Grant.
Hoyt. Sherman, general Western agent
of th% Colorado Southern, with headquar
ters at Salt Lake City, and. who spent the
holidays here, has returned home.
John Costa, owner of a Sierra County
gold mine, is at the Lick.' He has with
him a flity-two-ounce gold nligget which
he will dispose of at the United States
Mint. The nugget is one of the largest
taken from a California mine in a long
time. \ • -mm
PERSONAL MENTION.
"Who is this "Vox Populi' that write*
for the papers so much? ' r
"I really can't tell you. All I know
about him Is that he's got the last sylla
ble of his name all right?'— Richmond Dis
patch.
Mistress— Did you tell the lady I was
out?
Servant girl— Yes, ma'am.
Mistress— Did she seem to hava any
doubts about it?
Servant girl— No, ma'am; she said she
knew you wasn't— New York Herald.
The man looked up and saw "Exit" on
the door.
"Well," he mused, "that let's me out"—
Syracuse Herald.
"I wish to see a bonnet." said Miss
Passee, aged 40.
"For yourself, miss?" inquired the
French milliner.
"Yes."
"Marie, run downstairs and get me hats
for ladies between 18 and 15."
Bonnet sold.— London Tit-Bits.
"Cook, do we need any necessities for
the kitchen?"*
"Yes'm; I'd like a Roman chair, one of
them Venishun lanterns, an* some- more
pillars fer th' cozy corner."— Indianapolis
Journal.
McJigger— Tour wife told my wife you
had all your Christmas presents paid for.
Thingumbob — Yes.
McJigger— You're a lucky dog. I haven't
bought a single one yet
Thingumbob— Neither . have I for this
Christmas. It's last year's presents we've
Just paid for.— Philadelphia Press.
A CHANCE TO SMILR
It is the business of wise men to weigh present acts
in view of the future effect, and the members will be
-wise if they look into the faces of the* people for ap
proval and guidance.
The voters of California are independent. They re
quire good sen-ice and do not scruple to turn a
minority into a majority in order to get it The next
Legislature will elect a Senator, and it is not strain
ing a point to say that that choice will be determined
by what this Legislature does.
Let every member look ahead to the next election,
when the work of the «ession will go to judgment be
fore the people.
There are trained men in the Legislature. Ths
executive has had two years' contact with the whole
State and time to study its needs. All the knowledge
gained and experience acquired belong to the people,
and we will rejoice to see them made ttfe beneficiaries.
We hope that this Legislature, with its heavy Re
publican majority, will see that questions of political
patronage and merely personal politics are among the
least of its concerns, and that the people who transact
each day's business, and who toil for returns in field,
orchard, vineyard, forest, mine and mill, have business
that is the real affair to be regarded.
The session is young. Before it is much older much
work will appear that it can do in the interest of ths
State. The widely diversified industries and the g~eat
variety of production in California make the passage
and administration of law more important here than
ir>. any other State of the Union. The problems of
irrigation and the conservation of water for mining
and the fostering of sgriculture and horticulture are
touched on all sides by the law. We are yet in the
early stage of the State's development, and Legisla
tures have upon them the solemn and inspiring re
sponsibility of cutting the statutory garments of this
beautiful commonwealth so that its symmetry may not
be marred.
It is the duty of a party paper to be watchful of the
opposition and expose and rebuke its lapses and its
errors. To give effect to this policy it must deprecate
ir. its own party that which it exposes in the opposi
tion. This The Call does not hesitate to do, for it
wishes to stand for things of good report, and to use
its position honestly and fairly.
THE CALL ur^ed what it beHeved to be
proper action upon the Republicans in the
House. They have made a mistake, not because
they went counter to our views, but because they ac
cepted a leadership outside their official body an«l
conferred upon Martin Kelly power without respon
sibility. To secure good government power and re
sponsibility should go together. Apparently what has
been done separates them. Kelly h^s the power and
the House and the Republican party have the respon
sibility. As we had no candidate we feel no sense of
defeat in the result. Many things are possible, and
it is possible that the session may be free from scan
dal, and when its record is written much good will
have been accomplished by it. As far as is proper in
a newspaper we will cordially co-operate to such an
end. Whatever credit is due to the legislative body,
or to any of its individual members, will be cheer
fully accorded by The Call. At the same time we
abate none of the watchfulness which a newspaper
owes to the community and a party paper to its party.
Upon possession of proof of wrong we will not hesi
tate to expose it, hit whom it may.
THE SPEflKERSHlP.
BY special arrangement with George
F. Cram of Chicago and New York,
Atlas publisher. The Call has ob
tained the exclusive right to handle
Cram's Atlas of the world. 1901 edi
tion,^ on the Pacific Coast, and la offering
the splendid work to Call subscribers for
the actual cost of 'delivery and transpor
tatlon. Every office, home and workshop
should be provided with this splendid
woik. Now Is your chance to get the best
Atlas published on the best terms ever
offered. Remember the Atlas is down to
date, contains all the 1900 census, statis
tics, etc., and will be ready for delivery
about March 1. 1901.
Xo reference work is of more import
ance In the educational departments of
life, the home, the office and the library,
than a good Atlas, carefully edited. It
should be large enough to embrace all de
tails of importance, not unwieldy, clear
in coloring, printing and lettering, and.
above all, conveying the latest Informa
tion with completeness and accuracy.
Cram's Superior Atlas of the "World is
designed to provide 'a complete atlas of
the world, containing a uniform series of
maps of all countries, on a scale that will
be valuable alike for library, educational
and practical uses. The peculiar feature
of this work Is its universal scope, cover
ing as it does, the entire known world.
The numerous diagrams and tables pre
sent a vast amount of statistical Informa
tion taken from, the very latest official
sources. This Interesting feature will ma
terially aid all who will have occasion to
refer to them, in keeping in touch with
the constant changes that are occurring
in the political, financial, commercial and
religious world.
(1 50 in cash and six months' subscrip
tion to The Dally Call will entitle you to
this splendid book of reference.
One feature of the Atlas mig-ht justly Je
styled, "An Encyclopedia of History and
Geography," as In condensed space It
gives briefly: The area, population, physi
cal features, government, religion, educa
tion, army and navy defenses, Industries,
climate, etc., of every State, Territory and
foreign country, of the world.
One hundred and seventy maps convey
a clear understanding and correct knowl
edge of every* portion of the earth's sur
face. They have been recently drawn and
newly engraved from the records of tha
topographical department at Washington
and from the charts of the Royal Geo
graphical Society of London. Specially
interesting: are the maps of New Alaska.
Africa. Cuba, Oklahoma, the Hawaiian
group, the colonies of the new Australian
commonwealth and the Islands of the
seas. In addition there are forty-six maps
and plans of the principal cities of the
world.
The Call has obtained the exclusive right of hand
ling this superb work on the Pacific Coast, and offers
it to subscribers for the cost of delivery and transpor
tation. Every one who subscribes for The Call for
six months is entitled to obtain the atlas for $1.50.
It will be ready for delivery about March 1.
Copies of the work have been submitted to leading
educational authorities and they unite in cordially
commending it. President Wheeler of the State Uni
versity says: "I consider that the opening up of such
opportunities as this work represents for the educa
tion and information of the masses of the people is a
public service." President Jordan says: "It seems to
me to be a most valuable work of reference, giving in
compact andaccessible form a mass of vital informa
tion. The work seems well brought up to date. 1
was particularly struck with the completeness of daU
in the map of China." Thomas J. Kirk, Superinten
dent of Public Instruction, says: "The name of Cram
as the publisher at once predisposed me in its favor,
and my expectations were fully met as I turned the
leaves and noticed the fine maps, comprehensive tables
of statistics and the valuable and readable reports
upon almost every conceivable subject."
The value of an atlas depends upon the man who
makes it. It is easy to draw maps carelessly, but it
is not easy to prepare one that is accurate and true
in every detail. Recognizing that truth, The Call has
arranged to obtain an atlas compiled by one of the
foremost publishers of such works in the world, and
offers to its readers the "Superior" edition of the 1901
Geographical and Historical Atlas, published by
George F. Cram. The work contains 550 pages and
includes a complete series of maps of modern geog
raphy, a chronological outline of American history^
a concise account of the political history of the United
States, an accurate compilation of statistics from the
latest United States census reports, a complete ga
zetteer of cities, towns and villages with their popu
lations by the latest census, and, finally, special maps
of Alaska, Cuba, Hawaii and the Philippines.
1 — I OR a clear, understanding of the current news
I of the world there is necessary* to every reader a
comprehensive atlas for ready reference in order
that the exact location of every point made important
in the dispatches of the day may be easily learned.
It is true The Call publishes from time to time maps
of localities in which wars are going on, or other
notable events occur, but such maps are not sufficient
for the full needs of readers. TTiey do not appear
in the paper every day, arid yet ' reference to a map is
often a matter of daily need. To supply that re
quirement of those who wish to follow the world's
news intelligently, The Call has arranged to furnish
its readers with a complete geographical and historical
atlas containing an accurate compilation of facts and
statistics brought down to the beginning of the cen
tury.
AN UP-TO-DATE flTLAS.
TUESDAY JANUARY 8, 1901
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
kilnu ill Ccccccietticsi to K. S. LEAKS, Kiugn.
MiSACIIR'h OFFICE Telephone FrtH SO4
PICLICAT1O.V OFFICE!. ..Market »nd Third. S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 «© 221 StrrtaitB St.
Tflrphonc Press 2O8.
Dellrerefl hy Carrier*. IB Cent* Per Week.
StBcIe Copies. S Cent*. '¦?."%¦
Terns by Mali. Including T"n*t*cf
DATLT CALIj Onrluc'.ns Pnnday). cue rear «*.N
DAILY CALL flnclufilnr Sunday). C months I.W
DAILT CALL (including Sunday), 1 month* I.M
-DJLH.T CAIi- By Single Month «o
BCXDAT CAXJ*. One T>ar 1.69
WEEKLT- CALL, On» Tear I.M
AH postmaster* p.t* nnthorltrd to recelre
subscription*.
f«apl» roplea m-l!l be forwarded irh^n requested-
Mall TObseribert in ordering change of address «hould t*
particular to r1v» both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in ortkr
to incur* a prompt and correct compliance with their requeet.
OAKUM) OFFICE .....1118 Droidirir
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Vasarsr r*niga AdrtrtUittg. K«r?c«tt« BnOileg. Chlomrs,
CLcng I»tRijoe Telephone "Central ISIS.")
KEW TORE CORRESPONDENT: ,
C C CAHLTOX Herald^oaare
KEW TORE REPRESENTATIVE:
feTEPHEX n. SMITH 3l> Tribune Bnlldln*
NEW TORK NEWS FTANTW:
**aldorf-Acterla Hotel; A. Brentano, a T7alon Square:
Srtrrrajr Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS BTAJCDS:
diermaa House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northers Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASBI\GTOX fD. C* OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., Jf. W.
310HTO\ 12. CRA.\E, Correspondent.
BRAJfCH OFFICES— G7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
CEtll *:S9 o'clock. S00 Hayes, cpen until f:80 o'clock- 63J
McAllister, open until 8:S« o'clock. £15 Lerkin. open until
t:ro o'clock. 1»41 Mis#lon. open until 30 o'clock. IS« Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 1CM Valencia, open
until t o clock. 108 Eleventh, oren until 9 o'clock. NW. car
ter Twer.ty-seccrd and Kentucky, cpen u=t!l 3 o'clock.
CRAM'S ATLAS
A GREAT W0R K
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler on .The
Call's Latest Offer. U"
May Be Prophets.
It seems that the qniet comment of the
British on the amended Hay-Pauneefot*
treaty has been followed as a rule by the
indifference or silence of all the self-eoy
ernlnff colonies. The latter evidently
think it is none of their business, or at
least see nothing threatening about it. To
this, however, there is an exception In a
few of the leading French Canadian Jour
nals. While the newspaper comment of
tha Bngrlish-speaklng part of Canada Is
mild and featureless, some of the French-
Canadians see war and annexation writ
large in an American canaL— New York
Commercial-Advertiser.
Th« Ibero- American. •
How completely the hemispheric ?tston
which first flashed upon poetic and proph
etic Clay's sight, to be reproduced In that
of his temperamental descendant, Blaln<»,
has vanished from our ken is evidenced
negatively but vividly In the complete In
difference of this country to recent im
portant proceedings at Madrid. Spain ha»
set to work to regain by moral suasion
that which she could not keep by force.
And the United States, once so sensitive
ly Jealous to all encroachments from that
quarter, has given less heed to> the Ibero-
American rival of her Pan-American Con
gress of a decade past than to tha light
est rumors of Carlist risings and Cabinet
changes In the domain of its late antag
onist.—New York Press.
We Must Keep It.
The challenge of Sir Thomas Upton,
when it Is sailed in the late days of next
summer, will .determine whether the
trophy of supremacy in naval architecture
ana seamanship shall remain with, Ui«
United States for a full half century.
That piece of old-faahloned bric-a-brac,
the America's cup, a fair sample of tha
silversmith's art of the- most lnaxtistlo
period of tne nineteenth century, has been
the object of rivalry between the yachts
men of America and Great Britain since
1S3L It is an absurdity as an object of
art: It Is vastly significant In what Ka
possession implies. And if it can b« re
tained here in the first contest of th*
new century, the meaning of the triumph
will be recognized by the whole world. It
'will be not only a success In the field ci
sport but in that of industrial skill and
of seamanship.— Boston Post.
New Cause for Trusts.
Professor Henry C. Adam?, in his re
cent address at the opening of Michigan
University's course In higher commercial
education, pointed out a cause of "trusts"*
which eeems hitherto to have been ig
nored. "Paucity of business talent," he
declared, "Is In some measure responsible
for the unprecedented flow of capital to
the control of men possessing a genius
for business. The monopoly of which
complaint la made is a monopoly of tal
ent It is due in part to a deficient sup
ply of administrative ability."— Chicago
Inter Ocean.
Looks 1 Blue.
The news coming: lateJy from Booth Af
rica is very serious. It become* clearer
every day that so far from t&e war be
ing over it is entering upon a. new and
very difficult phase.— London Daily Newa.
Tammany and Vice.
The committee of fifteen, appointed to
look into Tammany's connection with or
ganized vice, will gather positive evidenca
or all the existing conditions, and then
publish complete reports. They have done
a wise thing in this determination. Pub
licity is the first, the essential, step to
ward all pood government, and Its best
(Piard when obtained.— Baltimore Ameri
can. $f39
One of Hugo's Egotists.
RoMlyn Ferrell. the condemned murder
er, who shot an express messenger in cold
blood. a*ks the Board of Pardons to com
mute his sentence on the cround that n«
was in love and needed the messengers
money to start housekeepinsr. The sooner
that sort of a representative of Cupid is
put into the chair and shocked into king
dom come the better.— Cleveland Pres9.
Slow to Learn.
v Th» British Empire has known worsa
moments than the present: but that is
no excuse for slackness. So far as can
be seen the danger is great. It is not as
great in a military sense as it was in
the days after Colenso and ths week of
defeats, or after Spion Kop. but It is
greater In a political sense, since we now
see that these disastrous events have not
taugnt our administration wisdom.—
Harmsworth's Dally MalL
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Hitt or Cannon as soon as he, thinks he can bring
about an election by doing so.
From Nebraska comes the curious report that Sena
tor Thurston, who not -long ago announced that he'
would not be a candidate for re-election, has changed
his mind and is now making a fight for what he said
he would not accept as a gift. In Minnesota Senator
Nelson will be re-elected, but there will be a lively
contest for the vacancy caused by the death of Senator
Davis. It is also quite possible that interesting fights
niay be developed in Colorado and Montana, for in,
the latter State there are two Senators to be elected,
and the State is notorious for Senatorial sensations.
Finally, Chandler's battle in New Hampshire prom
ists to^rm up New England
Out of the various contests there are very sure to
develop some of those prolonged deadlocks and scan
dals which have disgusted the country with our pres
ent system of electing Senators. It is quite likely,
therefore, that, we shall have this winter a new and
augmented demand for the election of Senators by
direct vote of the people.
There are indications that this republic is ready
to set the example. Our high-minded policy in China,
contrasted with the high-handed policy of others, is
a cheerful sign. On that far field spark and tinder
have been dangerously associated for months. It has
sometimes seemed sure that they would ignite a world
warfare, involving Europe and Asia in a more "san
guinary struggle than the world has seen. But,
thanks to the sense of humanity and 'equity at Wash
ington, the crisis seems to be passing, and the inter
ests of peace will be much advanced when it finally
disappears.
The Cardinal is too optimistic and kind to his own
times in one respect There is not much evidence to
support his claim that war is more humane than of
old. It is true armies care better for their wounded,
and enemies in battle are equally served in the same
hospital and by the same surgeon. But in Egypt, in
South Africa, in our cwn stormy possessions and in
China, the armies of Christian nations have charged
against them offenses against humanity that rank with
any which are recorded in history. Let the stain be
removed by return to the ways of peace.
Civilization should have better work to do than
training men to kill each other. .Perhaps in a few
years the world may advance so far that a peace con
ference may meet, deliberate and not be as barren
of results as the last
The pulpits of all the Christian sects have spoken
for peace. Cardinal Gibbons has spoken for his
church in very impressive language and has suggested
much that may well be studied by his countrymen.
His picture of a nation so devoted to order and law
that the mailed hand is unseen in its affairs, and a
l?xge army is not needed in its administration, is one
that must impress the hopeful and thoughtful Ameri
can.
Indeed the country may well begin now to encour
age the dove of peace to return and nest among us.
We are glad to read in the many sermons that have
been preached in this country on the meeting and th*
parting of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries a
reappearance of the spirit of peace on earth and good
will toward men.
We have never seen any explanation, psychological
ci otherwise, of the existence of a .war spirit among
the clergy. But it is among them. It flashed up
vividly before our Civil War, North and South, and
when the struggle came Bishops put by their shep
herd's crook and took up the sword to fight
Perhaps this tendency, which seems unnatural in
women, is natural after all. Women admire strength,
courage and adventure in men, and fear that in long
maintained peace these qualities may decline and get
stale. So they are impelled by the constitution of
their sex to urge a revival in the hard school of war.
IT was discouraging before the outbreak of our war
with Spain, and also preceding the British attack
on the Transvaal, that so many clerical voices wers
raised for war and so many churches were made to
ring with excited and exciting appeals to the war
spirit In both countries it was noticed as a remark
able condition that ministers of the gospel and women
were prominent in urging war. No one has ever ac
counted for the enthusiasm for war that has been fre
quently shown by women. They cannot feel the rap
ture of the fight They cannot take part in camp and
march, and feel the shock of battle. They are liable
to lose their protectors, their sons, their .friends. The
hard consequences of war fall heavily upon them.
Yet on occasion they sre foremost in urging carnage.
It will be remembered that when President McKinley
seemed about to get for Cuba by diplomacy all thai
war finally secured the students of a young ladies'
scniinary in New York wired him that coarse and
savage telegram, "To hell with diplomacy."
THE SPIRIT OF PEACE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TXJESDAY^ JANUARY 8, 1901.
General Kitchener has at last placed himself in con
sonance with the rest of the world. , In an address
delivered a few days ?go he. declared that the war in
South Africa is inhuman.
The revelations nox being made in the local elec
tion recounts indicate that some of our voters have
been puilty of grrave crime, or of stupidity so gross
in its character that it should be made a crime.
6
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
Townsend's California glace fruits. 60c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market stre«t. Palace Hotel building *
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), iia Mont-
gomery at Telephone Main 1042. •
The BHjrlan Chamber of Deputies has
resolved that every member shall be a
total abstaJncr-at least during the hours
when he Is officiating as a legislator
Dr.'Sanford's Idver Invigorator.
The beat \trvr medicine. A vegetable ear* for
Uw Ulx-UUeuum. ladlrestlon. constipation.*
Orrhecra— Vaufinille.
Grand Oj>era.-hou*# — "A Virgin!* Courtship."
AJhajnbr* — "Old J*d Prouty."
Alc&2*r— "X*ll Gwycne."
Columbia— "Way Down East."
Tlvoll— "Cinderella."
Central Theatei- — "Woffian and Wine."
California*— " 'Human Hearts."
Olycpia, corner Mascn and E<Jdy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudexiilt every afternoon and
er»nlr«.
Fischer" e— Van Seville.
Metroplitan "I>mDle— Her.*ch*l Recitals.. Tuesday, Feb. 6.
Mrt-cpolttau Temple— Benefit perforniar.ee fcr families of
C:«u Work* accident. Thursday, January 17.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Races.
AMUSEMENTS.•J* '¦ ¦ — .¦; . '¦•. ' 7" — ; «i
The area of auch a figure can be founi
"It would be better if you'd- hold still,
sir," suggested the barber. "Ain't you
afraid of me cutting your throat?"
- "No.V answered the 'victim, with an
other lurch: "not as long as you use that
razor."— Philadelphia " Record. .
With the first of the year a man begins
to : receive ¦ the bills for the Christmas
presents his wife and ; daughters have
given hlm.f-Chlcago Record.
Hodd— Hang it all! " Do you suppose I'll
ever make a good golf player?
Todd (pityingly)— Never, old man. You
think too mucn of your family and your
business.— Harper's Bazar.
Care of the Poor in Sweden.
Consul General Wlnslow of Stockholm
writes to the State Department: For the
year 1898 the amount of money disbursed
by the different counties in this kingdom
for the relief and care of the poor aggre
gated $3,618,000. or about 69.9 cents for each
pubject. Four hundred and two thousand
'dollars were expended ,for buildings,
homes and the repair of the same; $2,^0,-
C00 for food, fuel, clothes, and $169,000 for
expenses. Two hundred and r forty-one
thousand nine hundred and seventy-seven
citizens received ¦ relief from the ' Y>oor
funds, which was a decrease of • 45S5 aa
compared with 1S97.
Highest Champagne Becord.
Last year 109,863 cases were Imported of
G. H. Mumm'B Extra Dry; in eleven
months in 1900 this quantity was exceeded
being 72,169 cases more than any other
brand. Special attention la called to the
remarkable quality now imported. • •
Becommends Teachers' Certificates.
The Board of Examiners of the- School
Department yesterday decided to recom
mend to the "Board of Education to issue
teachers' certificates as follows:
Certificates — Kennan Robson and
Charles-D. Snyder. Renewals— P. T. Tom
kins of the Lowell High School, Mrs. An
nie Pinner and Miss Emily V. LJndberg.
Special history certificate— Mrs. Harriet
B. 8teele. Life diplomas, grammar grade
— MIbs A. EV Lynch (new issue). MI33
Catherine F. Rlordan.
We first find the perpendicular height
of the pyramid and then the area of the
triangle BCD; then mu.Jply the area of
the triangle by one-half the perpendicular
10. To find the area of a curvilinear fig
ure, such as ABC.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Carpets Are Selling Lively.
Since the opening of the challenge sale
at the Pattoslen Company there have been
mere carpets sold than people could real
ize, yet it is a fact the furniture also is
going lively. Bedroom suits, solid oaJc
suits, at $15. Parlor suits, $17. Wilton
velvet, $.1.05. Real Brussels carpet, 45c.
These low prices make people talk. Cor
ner Sixteenth and Mission. •
9. To find the volume of a pyramid we
multiply the area of the base by one-half
the perpendicular height.
? ¦ ¦ ' •
Multiply the area of the base by the
perpendicular height. It will be seen that
the rules for thP oblique solids are the
sams as those for the rectangular solids,
if by height is always understood perpen
dicular height.
Alexander McKenzie Most Answer.
The Nome mining cases in which Ra
celver Alexander McKenzie was cited to
appear for contempt came before tha
United States" Circuit Court of Appeals
yesterday. On motion of E. S. Pillsbury
it was ordered that the certified copy of
the order of the Supreme Court of th»
United States discharging the rule, to
show cause and for the petition for a writ
of certiorari be filed and spread 'upon th«
minutes of the court. It was further or
deVed that Alexander McKeczle be pres
ent in court on- Monday next at 11 o'clock
and tile his written answer ln the matter
>f his alleged contempt. -^'
Take the base GABN* and find the area.
Multiply this by the perpendicular
height, HF or CM. It is evident that the
oblique solid ABCDEG is equal to the
right solid FMCDEK.
8. To find the volume of an oblique cyl
inder, as shown In the figure. .
SAN JOSE, Jan. 7.— Marie Staten. a
young woman who claims to come from
Boulder Creek, was the victim of a brutal
and criminal assault at the hands of three
young toughs about 3 o'clock this morn
ing. She was beaten and choked, robbed
and rolled around in the mud until she
had almost lost all semblance of herself,
and but for the arrival of the police might
have been killed. Ernest Tones, Matt
Corkery and Ernest, Delmue, her alleged
assailants, are now in jail charged with
assault..
The woman, who has been here but a
few days, visited several saloons last
night. She met "Warren Weisman in her
rounds, and the couple went to the Eagle
Saloon, on the corner of Pleasant and
Santa Clara streets.
Her assailants had evidently been fol
lowing her, for shortly . after she and
Warren entered a back room, the three
forced »thelr way ¦ in. Weisman feared
trouble and started for a telephone to
call a, hack. As ho did bo one of the
hoodlums struck him in the face. knock-
Ing down. They then picked up Miss
Staten and carried her bodily from the
place. They took her to the corner of
Pleasant and Julian streets. Here they
ONION CURE FOB BALDNESS.
Tried It.
Found Too Eff ective by a Man Who
Most men are very sensitive about get
ting bald. They never give the matter a
thought, perhaps, until the hair begins to
disappear, rapidly, and then they wi'.l' try
all sorts of remedies. "I was told that
onions had a great deal of virtue in mak
ing the hair grow," said a prematurely
bald young lawyer ¦ yesterday. "Do you
smell 'emf' He removed his hat and a
strong odor of that most -penetrating, of
vegetables became perceptible. "I tried
It Saturday night, but no more for me,
I'd rather be bald. My wife threatened
to get a divorce, and after dosing my
head with raw onions rubbed into the
tcalp. the only place for me. to sleep was
in the storeroom with the dog. It waa
tnueh on the dog, but there was nothing
S F to do * My wlfewouldn't allow mo
to sleep elsewhere, and the dog. has. not
been well since.. -The next morning,
which was Sunday, , I spent hours -trying
to remove the odor. I washed my head
thoroughly with castile soap and f hot
vater but it did no good. L ,l tried car
bolic soap and disinfectants, with ¦ the
same result. , The only .way I can dis
eulse the smell Is to ca rry a bottle of
violet extract around with me and satu
rate my head withit at regular inter
vals.— Philadelphia Record. »
beat and kicked her and treated "her in a
brutal manner. This was kept up for
fully two hours. The woman screamed
for help, but the neighbors, who have
been terrorized by the young toughs, re
fused to interfere. Weisman finally found
where the woman was and called the po-
Miss Staten was almost unconscious
from the beating she received. Her body
is bruised ln many places, and on her
back are marks of the rufflans' boots.
Her neck is swollen and bears the im
prints of their hands, where they choked
her to stifle her cries. One of her fingers
is swollen and bruisqd where they tried
to remove a gold ring from her finger.
Her shoes had been taken off and she was
covered with mud from head to foot. The
woman was so prostrated and weak she
could hardly move when rescued.
Corkery, Tones and Delmue were found
ln. the locality and arrested. When Del
mue was approached he was seen to droo
something and this proved to be the wo
man's purse. The evidence against the
three is strong. When arraigned before
Justice Wallace this afternoon they were
held in $5000 bonds each.
Miss Staten Is ¦ of French descent and
about 30 years of age. She Is said to be
divorced from her husband. But little is
known of her here.
HEB ENGAGEMENT EING.
Showing That There Are Tricks Even
Among Jewelers.
"I— I think I would like to look at a dia
mond ring," saidthe young man as the
Jeweler came forward.
"Exactly, sir. A diamond ring for a
lady?"
"Yes."
"A young lady?"
"Yes."
"A young: lady to whom you are en
gaged?" . ..
"What's the difference whether I'm en
gaged to her or not?" asked the customer
with considerable tartness.
"A great deal, sir. You>int«»nd this ring
for a Christmas present, probably?"
VI probably do.V . - ¦
"Very well. We have diamond rin^s for
$25 and diamond rings for $50, $75 and $100
If not actually engaged to the girl take a
$25-ring," and when she brings it in here
to find out the cost we'll -lie. $50 worth for
your benefit. It really engaged, take a
higher price, and you can pawn it for two
thirds of Its value after marriage. Now
then, make : your selection." — Washington*
Post.
Favors the Charter.
Henry R. "Whltrnore. ex-president of tho
Chamber of Commerce of St. Louis and
ex-president of the Trans-Mlgsissipi 1
Congress, has written a letter to Hugh
Craig, asking the latter's opinion on tha
working of, the new charter in San Fran
cisco. He states that he la assisting in
the preparation of the new St. Lduts char
ter. Mr. Craig in reply sent him a copy of
Mayor Phelan's address delivered at the
convention of the League of California
Municipalities and a copy of yesterday's
Call, contains the address delivered by
F. AV. Dohrmann before the congregation
of the First Unitarian Church, both of
which he heartily indorses.
Multiply the length of the arc by one
half of the radius. That Is to find the
area of the sector OMN we multiply the
length MBN by half the radius.
7. How to find the volume of a solid,
such as the one shown in the figure.
Multiply the square of the side by one
half of the product of 3 into the square
root of 3. One-half of the' product of 3
into the square root of 3 = 2.593; this deci
mal multiplied by the square of the side
will give the area.
6. To find the area of a sector of a cir
cle when the length of the arc and the
radius are given.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
and disabled of his native town in Russia
the sum of $60,000.
Following is a list of the charitable or
ganizations mentioned in the aged capi
talist's will: Hebrew, Protestant and
Catholic orphan asylums; French, Ger- |
man, St. Mary's and Mount Zlon hos
pitals; French Ladies' Benevolent So- !
cicty, German Ladies' Benevolent Society,
Hebrew Ladies' Mutual Benevolent Asso
ciation and the Ladies' United Hebrew
Benevolent Society, Eureka Benevolent
Society of San Francisco, Home Associa
tion for Aged and Infirm Colored People
of California, California Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children, Cali
fornia Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Animals and the Hang Cnau Bene
ficial Society. %
The following Intimate friends of the de
ceased were remembered with legacies
from $100 to thousands of dol
lars: Three children of I. M.
Friedberg; Benjamin. Jose. Fanny and
Nany Abrahamson: Ike M. Friedberg, Ed
ward R.x Lande, Airs. Maria Lande, Mrs.
Josephine Mahle, Miss Gracer Unger, Miss
Emma Masker. Miss Margaret Loewy
Mlss Hannah Cohen, Darina and Archy
J. Loryea of San Jose, N. A, Hirstel of
213 Montgomery street, two eldest boys of !
Joseph Greenberg of 2293 Franklin streetrl
the yourfgest boy of Frank Tillman, \
Broadway and Larkin street; Miss Sarah
M. Jacobs, 2293 Franklin street; Louis J.
Kruse, Horace C. Mercer, Miss Lulu Neu
field and Fred Balln.
William Alvord. E. R. Lande and I. M.
Friedberg were named as executors.
multiply the perimeter of the polygon by
half the radius of the inscribed circle.
The perimeter of the above polygon Is the
length of AB multiplied by 5.
5. To find the area of a regular hexagon
the length of the side being given.
THREE TOUGHS BEAT
A SAN JOSE WOMAN
Marie Staten Is the Victim of a Brutal
Assault in the Garden City.
¦ 4
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. 7.— If the will of
Julius Friedman, the wealthy
Californian wno died about three
months ago, can be broken rela-
tives in this city will share ln cue
fortune, which is estimated at from $600,
000 to $1,000,000. His heirs In this city, so
far as known, are his cousins, Louis, Leo
pold and Isaac Aronberg.
Friedman left his entire estate to char
itable institutions in this country and in
Russia, the country of his birth. By the
California law, according to Durack and
Brand, counsel for ti.'S contestants, no
person who has relatives can leave more
than one-third of the estate to charities.
Colonel JJenry I. Kowalsky of San Fran
cisco, who Is one of the administrators of
Friedman's estate, passed through New
York last week on. hU way to Russia to
investigate the claims of the heirs there
and to examine the charitable institutions
in Mltlan, Kurdland, Russia, which are
beneficiaries under the law.
Captain J. Friedman died at the Palace
Hotel ln this city on January 21, 1900. He
was a bachelor and had resided at the
hotel for a number of years. He left an
estate.valued at $750,000. and when his will
was opened It was found that fully three
quarters of this sum was left to charita
ble organizations, irrespective of creed.
A sum approximating $25,000 was left to
the Hebrew Home for the Aged Disabled,
and the will also directed the executors to
place in trust for the benefit of indigent
Square the length of the given elde and
multiply the result by one-fourth of the
square root of 3. One-fourth of the square
root of 3 is .433, nearly.
4. To find the area of any regular poly
gon when the side of the polygon and the
radius of the inscribed circle are given.
2. To find the area of a triangle we mul
tiply half the base by the perpendicular
height. "When the perpendicular height Is
not known the following rule will apply:
From half the sum of the three sides
subtract each side separately; multiply
the half sum and the three remainders to
gether, and extract the square root of the
product.
3. To find theiarea of an equilateral tri
angle, the length of the side being given.
to any required degree of approximation
by marking out the sides into short
straight lengths, and then dividing into
triangles, as shown, and ilndlng the area
of each triangle.
XXVm— HOW TO MEASURE SPE
CIFIC GRAVITY.
The specific gravity of any substance is
the ratio of the weight r>f any volume of
that substanco to the weight of an equal
volume of water.
By the absolute density (or simply the
density) of a substance we mean the mass
of unit volume of It: for example, the
number of pounds In a cubic foot of It.
By relative density we mean the ratio of
its density to that of some standard sub
stance, or its heaviness as compared with
the standard substance, bulk for bulk.
"When water 1* taken as the standard
substance, relative density is usually
called specific gravity; so that the spe
cific gravity of a substance means the
weight of any volume of It divided by the
weight of an equal volume of water. Ab
solute density is, of course, equal to rela
tive density multiplied by the density of
the standard substance.
The most convenient units for dealing
with densities are the cubic foot and the
ounce, because a cubic foot of water may
be taken as weighing 1000 ounces, this be
ing only about 1& ounces in excess of the
truth. Hence when we express densities
in ounces per cubic foot, the density of
water may be called 1000 and the density
of any other substance will be 1000 times
its specific gravity. If we express densi
ties in pounds rer cubic foot the multiplier
will be 624.
The density of a substance can be di
rectly determined by weighing a meas
ured volume of it. This method can be
easily applied to solids of rectangular
form, since their volume can be computed
by multiplying together their length,
breadth and thickness. It can also be ap
plied to liquids by employing a vessel of
known content. The vessel usually em
ployed for this purpose is a bottle of thin
glass, fitted with a perforated stopper, so
that it can be filled and stoppered without
leaving a space for air. The difference
between its weights when full and empty
is the weight of the liquid which fills It.
and the quotient of this by the volume
occupied (which can be found by weigh
ing the bottle, when filled with water> Is
the density of the liquid.
The volume and density of a solid body
of irregular shape, or consisting of a
quantity of small pieces, can be deter
mined by putting it into such a bottle
and weighing the water which It dis
places. The most convenient way of do
ing this is to observe (1) the weight of
the solid; (2) the weight of the bottle full
of water; (3) the weight of the bottle
when it contains the solid, together with
as much water as will fill it up. If the
third of these results be abstracted from
the sum of the first two. the remainder
will be the weight of the water displaced;
which, when expressed in grams, is tho
same as the volume of tho body ex
pressed in centimeters. The weight of
the body, divided by that of the water
displaced. Is the density of the body.
From the fact that a cubio foot of water
weighs 1000 ounces (62}i pounds) we can
find the weight of any quantity of water
If we know its volume.
Instead of measuring the actual densi
ties of substances it is more convenient
to compare the weights of equal volumes
of different substances, and for this pur
pose one particular substance is always
chosen as the standard wjth which all
others are compared.
Tho standard substance universally
adopted (except in comparing certain
gases) is water at a temperature of 3D
degrees Fahrenheit (its point of maximum
density).
Thus the weight of a cubic foot of sea
and fresh water are 1021 and 1000 ounces,
respectively, and their ratio Is equal to
1021. This ratio is called the specific grav
ity of sea water. Again, the specific grav
ity of mercury is about 13.6. This Implies
that a cubic foot of mercury weighs 13.6
Ume3 as much as a cubic foot of water.
Problems for Practice.
1. Find in ounces the weight of a cubic
Inch of lead, taking the specific gravity
of lead to be 11.4. (Ans. 6.6 ounces.)
2. Find the weight of sea water required
to fill a rectangular trousrt** feet long. 2
feet broad, 6 inches deep." (Ans. 320
pounds.)
3. Find the weight of fresh water re
quired to fill a piece of hose 84 feet long
and ft'b Inches in diameter. (Ans. 350.9
pounds.)
4. A glass tube 7 inches in diameter is
filled with mercury to a depth of 6 Inches.
Find the weight of the mercury. (Ans.
ISIS ounces.)
6. If 5 cubic inches of mercury weigh
5.45 pounds and 2 cubic inches of Iron
weigh 0.52 pounds, what ratio does the.
density of mercury hear to that of iron?
(Ans. As 43 is to 26.)
fi. If the specific gravity of gold is 19.25,
what is the weight in ounces of a cube
lump of sold 6 Inches each edge? (Ans.
2406U ounces.)
been much less successful. To make them
convincing needed all the skill whloh the
lady and gentleman named possess— and
they possess not a little, Mr. Guard, in
particular, has a power — rare among our
actors, so many of whom are so well In
tentloned and so ill trained-of making
emphatic points without greatly Increas
ing the volume of his tones. This is good
ar j and incomes not without painstaking
and Intelligence; your robustious, periwlg
? if i eIlows tn at roar you as loud as any
bull in Bashan are generally as empty
rxvulpd as they are noisy,
i ,f en as a w hole, the action of the play
is lively and interesting. Most of the im
probabilities are supposed to take place
between the acts: if you can forget these
and fasten your mind only on the inci
dents which the author actually shows
you, you can get a fair and clean even
ing s entertainment out of "Human
Hearts." l. DU PONT 8YLE.
Central.
The melodrama "Woman and Wine"
was presented at the Central Theater last
night to a well filled house. It Is full of
exciting scenes, including a duel to tho
death with knives between two women.
Marcelle Rigadout, a French adventuress,
believing that Richard Seymour, son of
Hugh Seymour, a blind artist, is heir to a
large fortune, Induces him to forsake his
father and fly with her to Paria, where
she soon tires of him. He stakes bis for
tune on his horse, but the woman bribes
the Jockey and the horse loses the race.
The adventuress gets another lover arid
his mistress kills her in a duel with
knives. Seymour, who happens to fall
asleep under the Influence of drugs at the
scene of the duel, is arrested and tried
for murder. He is convicted, but as the
Judge is about to pass sentence the mur
deress confesses in open court and the
curtain falls. Howard Hall as Richard
Seymour played with his usual force and
success, and Miss Effle Darling played
the adventuress so well that she was
hissed by the "gods." Miron Lefflngwell
as Hugh Seymour, the blind artist, was
excellent, and Charles Arthur and Oza
u aldrop in the light comedy parts bright
ened up tho piece. Other characters were
well sustained by Frank Opperman, Clar
!H ce T 7m Arp £ r * stanl ey Ross, Ernest How
ell, Lillian Bartlett, Ada Lewis, Gertrude
Clare and Margaret Marshall.
Alcazar.
"The Adventures of Nell Gwynne" at
the Alcazar Theater is likely to crowd
that popular playhouse for some weeks to
come, for the second week of the attrac
tion opened last night before a crowded
audience. Miss Florence Roberts has
made a number of changes ln the play
and has materially increased Us interest.
In* l?v' e ti h £ s been strengthened
and Nell of Old Drury" is portrayed ln
?,? e » of , her tral *s which history records—
that of a passionate and loving woman,
it is not to be wondered at that plays con
cerning Nell Gwynne should be fascinat
ing and of heart interest. The Alcazar
has a play free from crudity; historical ln
its plot, merry ln its natural comedy and
above all possessing that quality which
mingles tears and laughter and makes the
auditor realize that the stage truly "holds
the mirror up to nature." It is well worth
a trip to the Alcazar to witness the ar
tistic work of Florence Roberts and her
talented associates. On Thursday after
noon a "professional matinee" will be
given of '\Xell Gwynne."
Orpheum.
Shows may come and shows may go;
there may be lighthouses on the eea and
light houses that pain actors to see, but
the Orpheum. like a really happy man. Is
full forever and always. The management
seems to be able to hit the public under
the belt all the time. There was a big
house last night and a fine bill. Bettlna
Gerard, the celebrated opera star, made
wfii £ n ap P ea . rance ln vaudeville; the
}\illy Collinls in acrobatic dancing, the
llawthornes in songs, the Crosby and
Fprman Company In a sketch, the five
Ulracs, tho bosses of burlesque acrobat* •
Davles, the Irishman; Joe Santley, the boy
Koprano, and Shean and Warren form a
combination hard to equal.
Tivoli.
At the Tivoll "Cinderella" is in its fourth
week and its popularity does not seem to
wane In the least. The gorgeous ballet
and general brilliancy of the production
make it a feast for the eyes and the clever
people in^the cast furnish all sorts of fun
Ferris Hartxnan has a long string of new
jQkes that produce roars of laughter.
Alhambra,
"Jed Prouty" entertained a full house
at the Alhambra last evening. From the
beginning to the end the quaint New Eng
land drama went smoothly and the innate
pathos and horse-playWun were equally
successful in moving the audience.
Fischer's Concert House,
"With one exception every act on the
programme at Fischer"s Concert-house
was new last night. Oro, Bernard and
Oro were amusing in "Scenes In China
town": Xell Montgomery proved to be a
phenomenal child contralto, and the Ru«
pell brothers gave a clever aerial exhibi
tion. Antonio and Conchita Martinez are
graceful Spanish dancers. Mile. Atlantis
gives a pretty dance. K!d Baxter's aer'nl
juggling act is marvelous, while Marie D.
Wood, the "California Nightingale," is a3
popular as ever;
The Henschel Becitals.
The opening yesterday of the sale of
season tickets for the Ilenschel recitals,
to take place next month at Metropolitan
Temple, indicates a series of crowded
houses for these talented exponents of
song. The singers are making a farewell
tour of America and will not return here
for some years.
Olympia.
Ouhama, the Juggler, is the chief at
traction at .the Olympla this week. There
are other good numbers, however, and on
the whole, the new bill is far above the
average. Mabel Hudson made quite a hit
last nieht and the Dulcie Sisters were well
received.
1. The area of any plane rectilinear
figure such as is shown below can be
found by dividing it Into triangles as by
the dotted lines, and then finding the
area of all the triangles and adding them
.together.
"Human Hearts," presented last night
at the California Theater by a good com
pany, pretends to be nothing but a sim
ply <yet neatly) constructed melodrama,
depending for but little of Its interest on
the story. The resolution of that is easily
foreseen some time before the close of the
first act. when the tramp in hiding sees
the villain commit the murder that shall
bring him to grief. Having thus given
the audience assurance that in the fourth
act all will be we.l, the author proceeds
to elaborate a second and third act that
contain some excel ent character sketches
and some truly diverting episodes.
Prominent among the characters stands
that of the good-htarted tramp, v, ho. like
the irreat O. P. Pym in "Tommy and
Grlzelle " puffers constitutionally from an
acute disinclination to work: the sight of
a saw terrifies him and the sudden men
tion -of fried chicken causes a break
down of his nervous system. This Is a
rich and racy American type; I think the
author, Mr. Hal T.eli. has drawn it ex
cellently and I am sure it was excellently
played — not burlesqued — by Mr. E. A. Mc-
Hukh. Other good types, quickly and
pleasurably recognized, are that of the
newsboy (Miss Ketchem) and of the coun
try blacksmith (Mr. Fairbanks). With
his villain (Mr. Guard) and his vlllalness
(Miss Bennett) the author has. I think.
Additional Lessons in the Night School
Course, Showing How to Meas
ure Ihings.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
New York Relatives Seek to pepnve
Charities *of Bequests Left by
TO CONTEST WILL OF
THE LATE J. FRIEDMAN
!
Entertaining Bills Are Presented in the
Various Playhouses of °
CLEAN MELODRAMA
IS "HUMAN HEARTS"
THE SAN ', FRANCISCO' CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1901.
THE LATE JULIUS FRIEDMAN. ONETIME SAN FRANCISCO MIL
LIONAIRE AND PHILANTHROPIST. WHOSE WILL WILL BE CON
TESTED BY RELATIVES IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, i
7
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
of Beef makes the difference
between a flat, flavorless dish
t
and a tidbit that would tempt
the most jaded appetite in the
world. *Jl %Si »Jt *H %£ %£
Before marriage men and women argue;
after that they dispute.
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from DjapepsssV
tndlgcsSoa and Too Hearty Eating. Apetw
&Ct xexrady fat Doziness, Nausea, Drowsi.
ness, Bad Taste to the fitouih. Coated Tongut
Pain la the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bovdfc . Purely Vegetable
Small Pin* Small Dose.
\ 8mat! Price;'
AMUSEMENTS.
FOURTH WELK ef th« Tremendous Hit
Evealag* at t Sharp.
Ma.tlae« Saturday at S Sharp.
By FERRIS HARTMAK.
TTTE OXX.T HOIJt>AT FHOTT W TOWN,
eoe Oscar L. Fesf s Fine TRANSFORMATION.
The Flowery Kingdom.
POFTTl^AR PRICES «^ d M cents.
Telephone— Bufh *¦
Asftfl "Binr!lr3 3 A SAS FEXKCISCO'S
UULUmK50A LEADING THEATEE
EVERT jnGHT. IN'CLUDINO 6UICDAY.
MATTKHE FATURDAT.
•cpt-» x. BriLiy I'reseats th» paatorsJ 14yl.
Way Down East
By Lotr.« B'.a'.r Parker. Elaborated by
Jos. R. Grlstner.
A C«nj>2«» Production of th« Great Success.
COMING I
31LLE. DOLORES (TREBELLI),
la Afternoon Coawrts— Jan. lVand 17.
..CONTINUED SUCCESS..
OT THE BEAUTIFUL PLAT,
HUMAN HEARTS!
SWEET AS J^f APPLE BLOSSOM.
THIS WEEK ONLY. MATINEE BATURDAT
Next Week— "A BREEZY TIME."
OcTStseacin* MONX>AT NTGHT. Jan. a.
MRS. MINNIE MADDERN-FISKE.
Another Great Orpheum Show !
THE riVE OLRACE, FETTINA GERARD.
J F CROSBY SR., INEZ FORMAN AND
COMPANY. THE WILLY COLLINIS, JOE
FANTLET. THE SISTERS HAWTHORNE.
WILLIAM CAUILL DAVIS. THE BIO-
GRAPH AND BBTOBM ENGAGEMENT
OF PHEAN AND WARREN.
Reserved Feat*. T',c; Balcony. 19c; Opera
C;:r.;r* and Bex Scats. &k.
hla-An^r-s Wednesday, Saturday er4 Sunday.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
fMness Saturday acd Sunday.
ALL THIS WEEK
William Crane's Greatest Triumph,
"A VIRGINEA
COURTSHIP."
"A Truly De!!srhtful Performance."
Nest r;«k-"THK ROGUE'S COMEDT."
PRICES-^IOe. 15c. 2.1c. ROc. .:
A Pew Front R<rwe in Orchestra, T5e.
Cood Baaerved i^at ln Orchestra at AH Matl-
ncs. 2?*. ¦ -
Brar.rh Tirfcf-t Office— Emporium.
rlVWEATRlf^A^
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
THURSDAY- EXTRA MATINEE.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
IN THE ADVENTURES OF
NELL GWYNNE
MATIKEE SATCTtDAY.
FEATS ON PALE FIX DATS IN ADVANCE.
Next— 6WEETLAV5NDER
— 4. *^ UKSit CITY HAU
Phone South t23. : i *
X,i VlflHT An 4 Every Evening This Week.
ll>-I>IUul Mattn*e . Saturday and Sunday.
C-r««i. Lor.Son aad M. T. Melodramatic Triumph,
WOW AND WINE
Produced exactly a* seen at the Academy of
Mu*tc New York. Magnificent Scenery— Gor-
(fnuii costumes— Superb En^mble. etc !
Over ICO People In Tfci* Bijf Production.
Ftrrt Appearance at thl» theater-AI)A LEWIS.
DDirc; Evening*— ISc. I5c, 20c. 2^:, COc.
1 IilLO Matinee— 10c. 15c. 25c.
N»>xt Week—Grand Production "THE TWO
OIU'HANS." * /
Farewell Tccal Recitals ifl Febroarj
AT MnTP.OPOLTTAN TEMPLE OF
THE HENSCHELS.
FALE «~»F FEA5ON TICKETS NOW OPEN
AT SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S STORE.
Corner of Knarry and Suiter Streets.
Th» Rale Will Tt^mnln Open Until January IS.
PKrHFR'Q CONCERT HUUac
Oro. Bernard and Oro, Marie D. Wood, Eld
Baxter. Mile. Atlantis. Ftounell Brothers. Nell
Montgomery and Antcnio and Conchita Mar-
Y litservtd Seats £c. Mulr.ee £uniay.
' jBftffigs'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JL/ O |S t
ft Temper, Leisure and &
p Energy by the M
H housekeeper who $A
H neglected to use II
Igold dustI
I Welshing Powder I
fill inr These hotels pos-
rfll fill I" 5ess the attributes
1 ntnuu that tourist5 and
Qnfj travelers appreciate
UllU n —central location,
P P A M fl liberal manage-
UllnilU ment, modern ap-
!Jf|Tr| ft pointments and
San FranCiSCO. ropean plans.
£vis;? OR- JORDAN'S great*
{MUSEDB OF ANATOMY?
a Qfr 133K&£XE7S¥.tet.6&»7t!L,S.r.&1.4
T ydt The Ltrgert Anitrmicfcl Miineam in the \
m --J1 WoXd. W mtkatim or ny contracted Q
T Kfcjjrf t >«»« peiliiwrly ewr»4 &y the oldeit Y
% fBJral i>P««ll5i cw the Cent EiLJeyoui.
/* fl^SVfl OR. JORa.V-J-fRlVfvTt (DISEASES 0
' t \£*»&ti Ceamltatlon fren and stric'iy priy»te \
JL i*$z fi T" l " r -'~-' 1 personally or by letter. A S
fl T n« Amim Onrtin erery c»i« undertaken. T
«| (It, Writ- for Book, PHILOSOPHY «rt A
I |l l T i UAURZACe, MAILED FRBB. (AT
X n fl,' valuable book (or mrn J \
9 I»I1 JOBDAN AC*.. 1051 Market St., S.F. ¥
FREE ELECTRIC BELT OFFER
liiiwfliflKCTPy WliU&tf ».. TRIAL Lq your own home, we
/£^*i\Hr»W-^G£''?*?run;ish the penaina and
fc??' iX£l7i£au<Lp,Z&i'f*4 only IIFJDCLRFKK W.TFRSaT-
f*r'f-rrfr*?"J' v isaccKRr-s : klm.tric belts
t^SSty^Zi " r-ifSSSZ'rTza **> ut i-e^der of this paper.
<>?e*7>^ <^ v^ t»»i(pc«iUt»n»ar«Btf«. COSTS
y 'i [UV* ALMOST KOTHMQ compared
with moet all other treatment b. Cm-» wheo.ll Mhn •!*•-
trie belts, appllaarta *¦' r*mri\n I til. QUICK CURE for
morethanoOatlmentt. ONLTSIRF.CIRI jor all nervous
dlitud. weaknesse* and disorders. For complete
¦ealed confidential catalojrae, eut tbli ad get «nd mill to tu.
SEARS, ROEBUCK & CO., Chicago.
KERfl RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, on lln« of railroad, for
eale. Splendid chance for those about to
form an oil company. NEWTON. CAR-
MEN & 8O&IES (S. C. MASON, asent),
1C1 Chronicle bide., San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alf. Ellinghous* Proprietor and Manager.
Phone South 770.
EVE71T EVENING TITTK WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Fpeclal Engagement of
RICHARD GOLDEN
And IV.s Own Excellent Company,
In the BEST OF AI-L DOWN EAST PLATS,
OLD JED PROUTY;
THE SWEETEST STORY EVER TOLD.
SPECIAL PRICES:
Evening— 2."c. Ke, 50c. "*• and $L
Matinee^ — 2r»c, 23c and F.0c.
Next Punday Afternoon— Thf New York Man-
hattan Theater Success, "A FTUANOER IN A
PTRANGE LAND," the Funniest Farce Ever
Written. Firot Time In Thi» City.
USUAL POPULAn Pr.ICES.
COLUMBIA
MINSTREL CO.
BENEFIT PERFORMANCE
-Fon-
Families of Victims of Glass
Works Accident.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
¦ THURSDAY, JANUARY 17th.
TICKBTS ON PALE AT ALL CITT NEWS-
PAPER OFFICES.
RACING I RACING I RACING I
1900— WINTER MEETTK O— 190L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. 21 TO JAN. IS. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shlnt.
Five or more races each day.
Races rtart at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Kerry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 n». and
12:80. 1. 1:50. 2, 2:i? and X p. m., oonnectlnx
with trains stopping J at the entrance to the
track. Last two cam on train reserved for
Indies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Ehall Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
<*elctric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Alto all trains via Aiameda mole con-
nect with Fan Tablo avenue ctrs at Fourteenth
and Broadway.* Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track ln fifteen minutes.
Returntnr— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and;
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMSIJR.. President.
R. B. M1LROY. Secretary, j
h B fl In : BBS fla < BBa B) I C^fl
fa 43 h Busl oi -K A^^m
ADVEBTISEMENTS..STOCKS. Bid. Asked.
Buckhorn ?.' — 4 on
California-Standard .......*..:.. 36 37
Caribou ss 60
Four Oil Co — 59
Hanford- — 123 00
Hr.nford-Fresnc-Kern River.... 4S —
Independence .*.. 22 24
Kern Oil Co 10 75 II CO
Kern River/.." 18 50 16 75*
Lion Oil Co. ....I. .....A 18 —
McKlttrlck Consolidated ....... 30 33
Monarch of Arizona.. 67 63
Junction .......' 63 61
McKlttrlck — 36
Monte Cristo i — 2 05
Occidental of W Va.....' 62 65
Oil City Petroleum 35 30 36 :,n
Petroleum Center 2S 30
Reod Crude 63 70
San Francisco & McKlttrick.. — 1 go
Sterling O & D Co 3 05 3 10
Twenty-Eight . 2 37% 240
Westlake 24 —
Westshorc 4 00 —
Yukon ..., 55 _
Peerless '......... SCO _¦
Pittsburgh 25 —
Wolver'no 1C0 1524
Following were the rales In the San Francisco
Stock and Excharge Board yesterday:
Mcrnlng Session.
400 Andes .'. ! .. 10 500 MMlean .... 43
300 Belcher ........ 14 400 Ophlr .' 9$
•1400 Beat & Belcher 35 i 100 Overman .. "" 15
• 400 Best & Belcrer. 34 . 100 Overman .. " 14
100 Caledonia ...]:. 7D 400 Potosl ...'. " n
60 Caledonia ...J.. SO! 200 Potosi ".' a
•it '¦ ; x-
CHICAGO, Jan. 7.— It was evident from the
opening price In wheat that opinion as to the
future course of the market varies greatly.
Initial prices for May, which closed Saturday
at 79Vi<S79%c, ranged from 79c to 79^0. For a
time the volume of business was tremendous.
Immense buying orders, many from the outside,
were in the hands of brokers, but local longs,
with big profits In prevailing prices, were more
than willing to sell, and j from the start the
tendency was downward. The crowd appar
ently believed that Wall street influences were
at work and big commission houses were closely
watched. Soon after the opening a marked ele
ment of weakness developed from the liberal
receipts and the weakness of the Northwest
markets, but the appearance of any large buy
ing or selling orders In the hands of a prom
inent broker seemed to have more effect on the
crowd than any statistical news. May closed
at 78c, the low point of the day, with the mar
ket exhibiting considerable nervousness.
The world's shipments last week were only
5.8S2.000 bushels. The visible supply decreased
163,000 bushels.
Light receipts, poor grading returns, unset
tled weather and light country acceptances
made the market for corn independently strong
May closed >ie higher. ,
Oats were fairly active and at times the mar
ket showed real strength. . May closed >4c
higher.
Provisions were fairly active and irregular
Sharp advances were scored at the opening)
the firmness of yard prices causing good general
buying. Reactions followed quickly, pork es
pecially suffering from liquidation by the real
operators. The close was Irregular. May pork
closed lCc lower. May lard unchanged and May
ribs 2Vjc hlchcr. ' 'nr^fc'K^lpfti
The leading futures ranged as follows: ~
Articles— i Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
January 7C>4 76% 75 75
February 77V» •, 7/V4 70% 75Ti
May 794 79% 78 \ -78
Corn No. 2—
January 36% 37% 36% 37
February '..... 37»4, 37% X7!4 37»4
May 3?Ti 33* 38V4 3s£
Oats No. 2— -
J-inuary 234 23% 234 23%
May .......•• • 2^i ffi * 2»U 25%
Mess Pork, per bbl— .
January 13 85 14 00 13 70 13 70
May 13 93 14 024 13 70 13 70 :
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January 7 25 7 J."» 7 174 7 17*4
May .:..... 7 40 7 424 7 30 7 32>1
- Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ¦*,
January 7 C2H 7 O2V4 6 90 6 90 '
May.... 7 024 7 15 7 00 7 024'
Pinks are the active : Bean at ' the moment,
arid another advance Is noted. Otherwise there
Is no change.'
BKANS— Hayes. $2 50®2 70: - Small Whit-
J4 50$M C3; Large-White, $3 63@3 SO: Pink J2 lj
@2 30; Red, J2 75®3; Blackeye, J3; Limas, J5 60"
©5 65; Pea. |4 25»4 50; Red Kidney, J3 76'y4 per
Ctl, ¦ . .¦,--'•".:' --. ..< ¦.': ':
' SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, "nominal: Flax. ' J2 Do@2 75 ; ; Canary
SV4c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 7%®9M:c; Rape, ,2^<g3c; Hemp, 4©4y.c;
Timothy, 4&4VtC - v ! •
DRIED PEAS-Nlles, J202 60; Green. J2 70
@3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
.-Onions are quoted firm and. Sweet 'Potatoes
very weak. Ordinary? Potatoes show V, little
change. Vegetables ; are fairly steady; ¦'.
' POT ATOES-Early Rose. 60<&75c; River Reds.
Beans and Seeds.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, »16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25Q:26: Jobbing
J26 60; Cocoanut Cake. J17@18; Corn Meal, J26*tf
26 60; Cracked Corn. / *26 50©27; Mixed Feed
J15@16. . ' ¦-¦¦¦---'¦ • •• .
HAY — Volunteer. $5©S; Wheat. tll@l3S0-
Wheat and Oat. |10@12G0; Oat, $9@12; Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $S£i 3 50; Barley, $7 50&9 60
ler ton. - ¦• ¦. .*' ¦-. ¦ .' .'¦ ¦ ; .,-:;. - , :
. STRAW— 35®47Hc per bale.'
Hay remains steady with moderate receipts.
Commission merchants are complaining bit
terly of the mud ( and water around the cars,
which render the morning auction distasteful
alike to seller! and buyer. Feedstuffs are un
changed.
UiiAN- J14015 per ton. •
¦ MIDDLINGS— J18 50(^10 60 Der ton. .
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. J3 25®
3 50, 'usual terms; Bakers' Extras, J3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 75@2 S3 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers 1 , $2 75
©3. • • •
MIL.LSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, 13 per 100 lbs; Rye- Flour, $275; Rye
Meal. $2 60: Rice' Flour, V. Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do." $3 50; Oat Groats, J4 50; Hom
iny, J3 00&3 75: Buckwheat Flour. J4®4 25;
Cracked Wheat. J3 50: Farina. J4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. 13 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@
7 25; in sacks. $5 7507; Pearl Barley, »5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuifs.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
73'Ac; 4000. 73VfiC.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, 73%c. De
cember-2CO0, 72^c. ;
OATS — Dealers reported a good demand yes
terday at firm prices.
CORN— There Is nothing new to report, the
market remaining dull.
White. $1 SO(J?1 50; Surprise, nominal; Red.
$1 25S1 40 for Feed and . Jl 33(81 45 for Seed;
Grp.y, nominal; Black, for Feed, Jl 15@1 20; for
Seed. U 2a@l 30 per ctl.
Yellow, $1 Wkm 15; White, ¦ $1 1001 1$; East
ern mixed, $1 12% per ctl.
RYE— 85®87%c per Ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Cjuoted at Jl 7502 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
CALL BOARD SAI/FS.
Informal - Session — 9:13 o'clock — May — 1S.0C0
ctls, JlCr.U: 2000, $1 06. December— 2000. Jl 10V4.
Second Session— May— 4000 ctls, *1 05%; 16,000,
$1 By 4 . December-Z)O0, $1 10.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
$1 C£V&.
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 Oo'ifc;
4000, t\ 05%. December— 2000. $1 09!£.
BARLEY— The market was a shade easier,
possibly owing to increased receipts.
Feed. 76y.c for choice bright, 75c for No. 1
and 70C72V-C for oft grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 80(g85c; Chevalier, nominal.
WHEAT— Liverpool was firm, Paris weak and
New York Irregular, rising from S3%c to S4',£c,
and falling back to S3c.
Chicago opened active and irregular, with
the longs selling and the small holders in
clined to realize. A break was expected.
Cables were disappointing and the pit also sold.
Commission houses were the best buyers. The
American visible supply decreased 14S.000 bush
els and the world's shipments for the week
were 5.S0O.OOO bushels.
The San Francisco market declined on call,
an don the snot.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, |1; milling, |1 02H@
1 05 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87>4
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
Xew York Exchange, sight...'... — . .15
N'»w York Exchange, telegraphic — 17«4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63%
Mexican Dollars, nominal SOVi Q M
Exchange' and Bullion.
There was nothing like the activity ©f
strength fn railroad bonds that there was In
Rocks. Total sales, par value. J3.705.O00.
lt it wnly once or twice in a generation that
cuch nervous anxiety and uncertainty are re
flected on lne stock market as were shown
during this i>enod of opening reaction to-day.
l'\.cf& jumped about in the most violent anifr
errilic manner by wide intervals. Oradually
th«r fact be^an to emerge that there were brok
ers on the floor who had apparently orders to
take al! offerings at a certain level cf prices
i.-. w the market. The course of prices there-
UPOCS er&duaily steadted and then moved up
ward with aji impressive surge." Baltimore and
Ohi-) was the first j>oint of aggressive f-trength.
It bad risen 1*» at the opening, but had iofct
ail tut a fraction. Its upward sweep carried
it SS points over Saturday's level. During the
rest oi the day it was simply a question where
the new points of strength would develop.
With the appearance of anything like a buil
leadership in a given stock, or with the first
cigr. of manipulation lor an advance, perfect
hurCee of siiecu Inters were ready to ruEb pell-,
mel! to buy the eame stock. None of these
advances was well held, and the professional
pjof.t-taking cost them all the way from 2
to nearly 7 points. But even at that reaction
many handsome net {rains were conserved for
ihe day. The grangers were foremost In yie
miciaay advance, the three leading members of
the group— Burlir.gton. Rock Island and St Paul
— advancing C&6V Later in the day the an
thracite coalero. which have not hitherto move** 1
largely in sympathy with the Reading. New
Jersey Central and Erie, made impreeslve
pi ogress upward. Delaware and Hudson rose
no less than 13*. Lackawanna 6 and Ontario
snd Western S%. These were the most strik
ing movements of the day. Sugar was \-ery
erratic, working upward an extreme v» on the
reported advance in the price cf mined sugar.
end relapsing 4H in the late Bellinj movement.
Tennessee Coal showed weakness on the fail
ure of the directors to deci&re the dividend,
and :t fell an extreme CT* points, closing on'y
a fraction above that. The steel stocks were
Inclined to heaviness in eympathy, except Tin
plate, which was advanced 1\. The rubber
etwks were Inclined to weakness, but had a
pood rally. Northern Pacific moved up 4%
after its sharp openir.g decline, and People's
Gas had a midday rite of 4Vi. The list of
stocks which rose as much as 3 points and a
fraction i* a long one, and the stocks which
'.:¦'. not fluctuate as much as a point or over
were very few. It was evident that the rul
ing cause of the speculation was* the recent
drvMopment* in the railroad world looking
toward va*t consolidation. The acquisition of
the Pennsylvania Coal Company by the Erie
end of th» Central Itailroad Company of New
Jf rfccy by the Reading is regarded In the specu
lative world z.r a prelude to further Important
developments in the anthracite carrying prop
erties. a?i«i ready credence is given to almost
eny miggeetlon of a plan for railroad consoli
dation. Honey also is working easier In epltc
cf the enrrmous demands of the speculation.
The rather gloomy condition of foreign mar
ketn. Instead of having any depressing effect,
t^ems to stimulate speculative activity here
by the strong contraui of this country's pros
perity. The day's record of business was car
ried far beyond the previous high level, the
arrregate bales footing up 2.147.000 share*,
compared with 1,8X7.900 shares on last Friday
Trhirh made the record up to that time. Sales
of individual Etoek* to-day included 132,600
Aim of Sugar. Si.000 chares of Baltimore and
Ohio. 121.000 shares of Burlington, 1S9.000 ehares
of Krie. 132,000 sharr* of Northern Pacific, 137.
700 r.harw of Ontario and Western, 144.200
shares of St. Paul. This scale of trading haa
never befor* been ewn approached in th« his
tory of the Stock Exchange.
NEW TORK. Jan. 7.— To-day's stock market
had all the characteristics of what Is usually
called a traders' n:arket. But everything was or
a Eis^r.iic scale. Where 1J0 shares would be a
rormal ui it in an ordinary market, in to-day's
market -C"0 and even WXI share lots were
bandied about like playthings for a quick turn.
Tlit movement cf prices was en a coirespond
ir.gly gieantic scale. The turn over of profits
In tome caees on these enormous blocks cf
stocks was made within a few minutes of time,
prices having varied In the Interval perhaps
many points. The speculative character of the
n;.irket was clear!}* indicated in the inconsist
ency cf prices. Not only was nothing stable
for any considerable period, but no movement
was consistent beyond a short length of time.
LoFses were recovered, gains were loet anJ
there were Etrons rallies from reactions. All
this rr-atie the utmost excitement and confu
fcion 1a the market all day long. It was nat
ural to expect aft«?r the excessive and artificial
advances cf the closing trading of last week
that Fpeculators would be In a condition of
anxiety to s>kin» the cream of the profits this
ruornirig. This class wa>. in fact, on hand
in fuil force, and the eagerness with which
nock* were unloaded and the reckless disre
gard shown for a half or even a lull point in
price indicated a nervous dread that tne pass
ing minutes rmjrkt mean the loss of oppor
tunities lur fortunes. Hut even in that period
o; the market tl:ere were not lacking siens of
fctren^th, and there araa quite a long list of
j. ..:. - U.-tw«*en one and two points. The greater
part Of these was wii>ed out in the reaction
of the oi>en«r!g. New Jersey Central was thus
carried tiown an extreme tnree x^ointf . Norrh
¦wettern 3V Northern Paciflc 2 T «, Reading and
Delaware and Hudson '.i 1 -., Atchison preferred,
fct. I'iiul tind Erie first preferred 2V4 and ltock.
Island ar.d fennsylvar.ia two points.
Xrji' York Stock Market.
HOPS— Quiet. >
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL-Quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining; 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4*»c; molasses sugar, 3%c;
reflned. firm and hlgrher: No. 6, 5.05c; No. 7,
4.95c; No. 8. 4.85c; No. 9, 4.S0c; No. 10, 4.75c;
No. 11, 4.70c; No. 12, 4.65c; No. 13, 4.65c; Xo.
14, 4.60c; standard A, 5.40c; confectioners' A,
5.40c; mold A, 5.90c; cut loaf. 4.10c; crushed,
6.1Cc; powdered, 6.70c; granulated, 5.60c; cubes,
5.S5C
COFFEE— Spot Hlo, steady; No. 7 invoice,
V/*c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 9H@13Uc. The mar
ket for coffee futures closed linn, with prices
net 5<910 roints higher; total sales. 30,500 bags.
Including February, $5 85; March, J6: May, !
$6 10(gS 15; July, $6 15; September. $6 20@6 25;
October, $6 25® 6 30; November. $6 20® 6 25; De
cember, J6 25©6 30.
BUTTER — Receipts, £7SS packages; weak, but
unchanged; creamery, 17@27c; June creamery,
17@22%c; factory, 11{?14o.
EGGS— Receipts, 3184 packages; steady; West
ern average, packed at mark, 22026c; Western,
less off, 27c.
DRIED FRUITS.
The week started off with offerings of evap
orated apples quite liberal, with a weak un
dertcne prevalent throughout the session,
prompted by larger receipts than had been
expected and disappointing advices. At the
close the prices were: State, common, Z%@
i\c; prime, 4%®5Vic; choice, 5%©6c; fancy,
C7i7c. California dried fruits were weak and
Irregular, with business cf fair volume. Prunes
were quoted at 8%@3%c per pound, as to size
and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 10813c; Moorpark, lZQUc.
PEACHES— Peeled. 14®18c; unpeeled, 6%® 10c.
4. — 4.
WHE AT— Receipts, 28.000 bushels; exports,
108,000 bushels; spot, quiet; No. 2, 82%c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, Sl%e elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. 87%c f. o. b. alioat; No. 1 hard Du
luth, &l\c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened steady
and quiet, working later in a feverieh market
with rapid fluctuations over a cent range, gov
erned chiefly by speculative conditions. In the
late- afternoon a heavy, break occurred under
excited unloading, helped by unsatisfactory
cables and only a small decrease in the vis
ible. Closed weak at 'i'3\c net loss. Janu
ary, 81%l!S2Hc, closed at Sl^c; Mar«h, S2 7-16®
84%c, closed at £2Vic; May, $2 15-16®S4Vic;
NEW YORK. Jan. 7.— FLOUR— Receipts. 22,
167 barrels; exports, 28.420 barrels; inactive, be
ing checked by the eharp afternoon drop In
wheat; quotations were nominally unchanged.
Rye flour, steady.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Reports are missing from nearly all the sta
tions: north of Red Bluff. The pressure has
rteen rapidly over Central California, and has
fallen over Arizona. Utah and Wyoming.
UnuFual'.y h^avy rainfalls are reported from
Southern California. Lipht rain will probably
rail to-r.lrht and clear:np weather Tuesday
morning. Rain is falling in Northern Arizona
and a thunderstorm is reportrd at Salt Lake
City.
The following maximum wind velocities are
re ported: Winnemucca, 25 miles per hour from,
the west; Independence, Z2 from the west; Lan
der, 22 frcm the northwest.
The temperatures throughout California are
nearly r.orrnai. The river at Marysville is 13.8
ten, and lallins.
The following special rainfall report* were
received: Santa Maria 4.71. Arroyo Grande 4.74,
Los Olivos 4.6J, 1>js Alamos 4. IS. Nipomo 4.56,
Cambria 7. £6, Cayucos 7.00. San Luis Obispd
£.'.»- inches.
For«-caFt made at San Francisco for thirty
hours «»n<Jing mi-inigl.t, January S, 19C1:
Northern Cal iiornia— Cloudy Tuesday; light
eouTherly winds.
Southern California— Clearing Tuesday; fresh
vx-sterly winds.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Utah—data or enow Tuesday; brisk southwest
Arizona— Rain Tuesday; snow In the moun
tains
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday;
Creab westerly wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecatt Official.
FORECAST
San Frnncisco data: Maximum temperature,
E2; minimum, 44; mean. 4i>.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
I La*i I This Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours) Season. Season.
r-Jrcka 0.41 18.41 30.13
Red Bluff 12-68 14.69
Sacramento 0.C2 10.00 13.19
Pan Francisco Trace 10. M 14. 2S
Fresno O.30 6.95 6.11
Independence 1.S2 4.S9 2.C9
San Luis Obirpo 1.92 20.78 12.50
Los Anjreles O.M> 7.S5 4.T-7
6an Diego 0.C6 2.45 2.60
fiate. as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls in the last twenty-
Jour fco-rs:
(ITOth Mertfiian-Paclflc Time.)
SAN FRAXC1SCO. Jan. 7, 1801— 5 p. m.
The following ere the eeasonal rainfalls to
Weather Report.
United States refunding 2s declined M per cent
or. the last call. • .
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
36,900 Atchison 47
31,100 Atchison pfd 8SS
9S.SU0 Baltimore & Ohio 91%
Canadian Pacific 92
3,600 Canada Southern 67Vs
9,400 Chesapeake & Ohio 41%
4.1C0 Chicago Great Western 16%
131,400 Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 146H
1.000 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 25U I
1.500 Chicago, Ind & Louisville pfd 61
3,930 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 95»i
1.200 Chicago & Northwestern 173H
143.300 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 125H
2,700 C C C & St Louis 76H
1,200 Colorado Southern 7%
200 Colorado Southern 1st pfd 42V4
4W) Colorado Southern 2d pfd 17
24,700 Delaware & -Hudson Hi
10.060 Delaware. Lack & Western 197',i
1.200 Denver & Rio Grande 31Vi
Denver & Rio Grande pfd S2'i
189,100 Erie 30Vi
33.600 Erie 1st pfd 67*4 !
4,500 Great Northern pfd 196\i |
200 Hocking Coal 16>i 1
1.D00 Hocking Valley 43
S.yOO llllnoU Central 142% j
4,000 Iowa Central 27%
400 Iowa Central pfd 63%
Lake Erie & Western U\l
Lake Erie & Western pfd 112
Lake Shore 230
13.9'K) Louisville & Nashville 87%
26.400 Manhattan L 114H
6.500 Metropolitan Street Ry 167Vi
7.KC0 Mexican Central 15V»
3,100 Minneapolis & St Louis 6S%
2.100 Minneapolis & St Louis pfd M2Vi
33.600 Missouri Pacific 76H
3.700 Mobile & Ohio 45Vi
3,800 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 16% j
28,500 Missouri, Kansas & Texas pfd 46Vi I
4.2rt) New Jersey Central 156%
20.100 New York Central 143%
3,600 Norfolk & Western 43T»
Norfolk & Western pfd 82
13T.200 Northern Pacific 86% I
9.600 Northern Pacific pfd S7% i
135,700 Ontario & Western 22%
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd.. 76
S3.20O Pennsylvania 151
144.200 Reading 35%
S0.20) Reading 1st pfd 74^ '
83.500 Reading 2-1 pfd 43\ !
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio iGrande Western pfd 90
400 St Louis & San Francisco 23%
200 St Louis & San Francisco 1st pfd... 80
E,S<ie St Louis & San Francisco 2d pfd... 57
K.000 St Louis Southwestern 19
11.800 St Louis Southwestern pfd 4614
1U2.S00 St Paul 15SV4
500 St Paul pfd 199H
2-TO St Paul & Omaha 12»
63.7<» Southern Pacific 42M
S7.4W Southern Railway 22%
24.400 Southern Railway pfd 73
23.700 Texas & Pacific 25%
€1500 Union Pacific 81H
$.400 Union Pacific pfd 83%
3.200 Wabanh 11\4
3.000 Wabash pfd 25%
3,000 Wheeling & Lake Erie 12%
S.600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d pfd 29%
Wisconsin Central 15U
700 Third avenue 12OV4
9.300 Baltimore & Ohio prefd S"M
1.200 National Tube 66
1,400 National Tube prefd 104«4
Express Companies—
Adams 145
American 180
100 United Suites 59
Wells Fargo 135
Miscellaneous —
300 American Cotton Oil 30H
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
100 American Malting 4T4
100 American Malting prefd 27
• 8.700 American Smelting & Refining 06
1,200 American Smelting & Ref prefd 86
American Spirits 1%
American Spirits prefd 17
TOO American Steel Hoop 23%
1.600 American Steel Hoop prefd 76Vi
9.S00 American Steel & Wire 43
200 American Steel & Wire prefd S'M
22,3<X> American Tin Plate 60Vi
American Tin Plate prefd 80
44.C00 American Tobacco 113*4
.American Tobacco prefd 133
3.1:00 Anaconda Mining Co 47*4
60.400 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 86V4
£,000 Colorado Fuel & Iron E3
23.700 Continental Tobacco 41%
L000 Continental Tobacco prefd %
15.100 Federal Steel 54%
5.900 Federal St€-el prefd 76
100 General Electric 1S3
1.000 Glucose Sugar 004
: Glucose Sugar prefd 94
1.T00 International Paper 24
200 International Paper prefd 72% j
100 Laclede Gas 73
7,000 National Biscuit 404
National Biscuit prefd 93'4
National Lead 1 19H
200 National Lead prefd 90Vi
2.100 National Steel 42
National Steel prefd 93
New York Air Brake 158
2.200 North American 30%
'iOO Pacific Coast 59
200 Pacific Coast 1st prefd 91V4
100 Pacific Coant 2d prefd 66
1.000 Paciilc Mail 41
41>'>0 People's Gas 103
600 Pressed Steel Car 49%
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 82
20 Pullman Palace Car 199
100 Standard Rope & Twine 5
132,600 Sugar 137>i
Sugar prefd 118
23.£fiO Tennessee Coal & Iron f.3
4.200 United States Leather 13%
1,200 United States Leather prefd 76%
6,fC0 United States Rubber 22>4
3.40O I'nited States Rubber prefd 6ST4
2.iftO Western Union 83%
100 Republic Iron & Steel l£'i
100 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 63" -
P C C & St L>uis 59
8.300 Amalgamated Copper 91%
2.147.100 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref. reg....lO4\ NY Cent lits 106H
U S 2s ref. coup..l04%|N J Cent gen 5s. .127%
U S 3s reg 110% N Pacific 3s ... 71%
U S 2» coup 110 N Pacific 4s 104%
U S new 4s reg...l37% N Y C & S L 4s. .108
U S new 4s coup. .137% X & W con 4s....lO / ) 1 i
U S old is reg 114 (Or Nav lsts .110'$
U S old 4s coup... 114 Or Nav 4s 103
U S 5s rec 112 Or Short Line 6s.l29Ta
U S 5« coup 112 Or S Line con 6s.ll5>4
Dist of Col 3. 63s.. 123 Reading Gen 4s... 94v4
Atchison gen 4S...102T4JR G W lsts. 89»i
Atchison adj 4s 87%; S L A I M coa Cs.114%
Canada So . 2ds lO'j'.i S L & S F Gen 68.128
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l04 I St Paul cons 18S
Ches & Ohio 5s.. .121 S P C & P lsts. .117^
C & MV con 7s. .. 139*4 S P C & P 5S...113H
C & NWSFdeb 5s. US* So Pacific 4S...T... 84'4
Chgo Terminal 4s. S2% So Railway 5s... .111%
Colo Southern 4s.. 84T4 Stand R & T 6s.. 72
D & R G 4s 100% Tex & Pac lsts. .115*4
Erie General 4s.. 83'4 Tex & Pac Mb.... 90
F W & D C lsts.. 79 Union Pacific 4s... 105%
Gen Electric Ss.,.155 Wabash lsts 11814
Iowa Central lsts. 115% Wabaeh 2ds 110
L &¦ N Unt 4s 99% West Shore 4i.,..113%
M. K & T 2d» 77«4 Wls Cent lsts 86%
M, K ft T 4s 97*4 Va Centuries 96H
MIXING STOCKS. .
Adams Con 20jLlttIe Chief 16
Alice 45|Ontarlo 5 75
Breece 2 CO I Ophlr 90
Brunswick Con 22|Phoenlx 10
Comstock Tunnel... C4 Potosl is
Con Cal & Va 2 25 Savage 20
Deadwood Terra.... 55 Sierra Nevada. ..... 35
Horn Silver 1 10 (Small Hop^s y&
Iron Silver 65!Standard .....3 60
Leadvllle Con 06!
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — .Union Land 2%
Call loans 403 West End ..r. 93
Time loans 4&5 Weetlnjfhous* El.. 6V
Stocks— Bonds—
A T & S F 47 Atchison 4s 1C2
A T & S V prefd.. 88% N E Gas&Coke 6s. 70
American Sugar...l3<"^ Mining Shares-
Am Sugar prefd..U7H Adventure 10
B*ll Telephone 154 lAUouez Mln Co... 3
Boston & Albany.2£2 A malt: Cupper 91%
Boeton Elevated.. .159% Atlantic SS
Boston & Maine. ..19!> Boston & Mont..^U
Chgo. Bur 4: Q....H0% Butt* & Boeton,... 78
Dominion Coal .... 38 CaJumet & Hecla.,835
Dom Coal prefd. ..108% Centennial 23%
Federal Steel 64% Franklin 18
Fed Steel prefd.... 76 Humboidt ...... . 60 "
Fltchburg: prefd ..133 Ooceola 83
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 7.— The wheat market In
Portland was not exhibiting so much strength
to-day as was In evidence on Saturday. Walla
Walla Is quoted at 56<£c.
TACOMA, Jan. 7.— WHEAT— Quiet, but firm;
Blue Stem, 67%c; Club, 53c.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Jan. 7.— Clearings, $351,696; bal
ances, 482,019.
Portland's Business.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 7.— WHEAT-Spot. firm;
No. 1 California, 6s 4\id; No. 2 red Western
wnter, 6s l%d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s %d.
Futures easy. March, 6s 3d; May, Cs 3V4d.
1 CORN — Spot American mixed new, easy. 4s
%d; do old, firm, 4s 2d. Futures— Steady. Jan
uary, 3s 11 Hd; March, 3s 10}gd; May, 3s 9%d.
CLOSING
LONDON, Jan. 7.— Consols, 97 15-16. Silver,
29%d. French rentes, 102f 25c@102f 10c. Cargoes
on passage, firmer at an advance of 6d; cargoes
of Walla Walla, 23s; import into U. K., wheat,
281.000 quarters; Import into U. K., flour, 302,000
barrels.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 7.— WHEAT— Firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 5d©6s 5*4d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 5<&d.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, January, 5, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat, Cl, 261,000 bushels, decrease 148,000 bush
els; corn, 10,430,000 bushels, Increase 366.000
bushels; oats, 9,S38.0OO bushels, increase 445,000
bushels; rye, 1,266,000 bushels, increase 4000
bushels; barley, 2.4S3.000 bushels, decrease 179,
100 bushels.
Visible Grain S tip ply.
CHICAGO, Jan. 7.— CATTLE— Receipts, 19,
000 head, Including 800 Texans. Choice, strong;
steers, slow, but choice stockers steady. Prime
steers, $5 20@6 10; poor to medium. $3 85@5 20;
stockers and feeders, good to choice, stronger,
J2 80©4 40; oows, $2 65©4 25; heifers. $2 75@4 85:
canners, $2@2 60; bulls, $2 85@4 40; calves, $4®
6 25; Texas fed steers, H<Qi 90; Texas grass
steers, $3 30®4 10; Texas bulls, $2 50@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 37,000; to-morrow,
35,000: left over, 3000 head. Market active, 10c
higher. Top, $5 40; mixed and butchers*. $5@
5 40; good to choice heavy, »5 15®5 40; rough
heavy. $5@5 10; light. $5 10©5 32V4; bulk of sales.
$5 H@o 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 23.000 head. Sheep, steady
to 10c lower. Lambs, 10c to 15c lower. Good to
choice wethers, $3 75@4 80; fair to choice mixed.
$2 40@3 80; Western sheep, $3 75@4 60: Texas
sheep, $2 50@3 50; native lambs, $4®4 75; West
ern lambs, $5@5 65.
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ' Feb. Mar. May.
Opening • 6 3>i 6 3vg
Closing 6 3 6 3'A
PARIS. :
Wheat — . .'Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening .13 63 » 20 83
Closing 19 CO 20 80
Flour' —
Opening, 25 45 26 75
Closing 25 40 26 63
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange as before.
Wheat futures louver and spot Barley easier.
Oats firm and in good demand. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay and Fccdstufts steady and unchanged.
Pink Beans actire at a further advance.
Onions firm and Szveet Potatoes weak. Vegetables steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes in ample supply and quiet.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry in. Game low and plentiful.
Provision Exchange project reported off for the present. j -
Meat market as before quoted. : > g
Local stocks and bonds dull. Oil stocks still very active.
Copper in London was a shade firmer at £72
10s. but was inactive and nominally unchanged
here at $17 for Lake Superior and $16 62^ for
casting and electrolytic. Lead and spelter
ruled dull but steady at unchanged prices at
$4 37^ and $4 10@4 15, with advices from Lon
don reiortlng quiet and uninteresting markets
at unchanged prices. Domestic iron markets
were without important changes. Pigiron war
rants, JO DO^IO 50; Northern foundry, J15@17 50;
Southern foundry, $14 MfflS 73. and soft South
ern, $13915 75. English markets dull. Glas
eow was quoted at 65s 3d and Middlesboro
4Ss ca.
NEW YORK. Jan. 7.— It was a day of small
things In the market for metals to-day. Specu
lation was almost entirely lacking, but the un
dertone was steady on firm reports from abroad,
where prices advanced about £2 for- tin on
good demand. Closed firm at £120 15s 6d. The
local market for. that metal was quoted firm in
sympathy with the rise abroad.
New York Metal Market.
LONDON, Jan. 7.— Atchlson, 47tf; Canadian
Pacific. 93; Union Pacific preferred, 86; North
ern Pacific. 89; Grand Trunk, 7Vi; Anaconda,
9%; Rand Mines, S7V4- Sliver bars, firm, 29%d
per ounce. Money. 3@3% per cent.
CLOSING.
The December trade returns ehow that ex
ports increased 7 per cent and the imports 10
per cent, mainly In foodstuffs and raw cotton.
The figures for the year show exports up 10
per cent. Imports 8 per cent.
Americans were quicker and sellers predom
inated. The perpetual reports of consolidations
are regarded as a mischievous development
wh.ch ' may bring about serious trouble later
on. This was a "Reading day" prominently.
An early morning "tip" to buy shares of that
company on the New Jersey Central deal was
accepted enthusiastically, and the fluctuations
were violent. Baltimore nnd.Ohlo also boomed
the dividend rumors. The general market,
however, eased off. then broke on free sales
by New York. There was a partial rally In
the 6treet. The market has now repaid the
bank ail its loans, but the latter still holds a
heavy amount of bills. Bar gold recovered to
70s 10%d.
A fair amount of business was done in the
markets here to-day, but the tone was not
satisfactory. An adverse Influence was a
series of reports exaggerating the losses In
South Africa Into the defeat and death of Gen
eral Knox.
NEW YORK. Jan. 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $141,011,545: gold. $92,469,124.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7. — Close — Money on call,
easier, at -3@4^4 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent;
prime mercantile paper, 4%@5Vi P«r cent. Sterl
ing exchange firm, with actual business In
bankers' bills at J4 S6 % for demand and at
$4 S2Vi for sixty days; posted rates. J4 83Vi and
J4 S7Vi; commercial bills. $4 S2®4 S2H- • Silver
certificates, 64H@65%c; bar silver. 63%c; Mexi
can dollars, 49%c. Government bonds, weak;
State bonds, steady; railroad bonds, strong.
Nku York 'Money Market.
Gen Electric 188 Parrot 1 43^
.Gen Elec prefd 156 iQulncy 176
Mexican Central... 15 Santa Fe Copper.. CU
N E Gas & Coke... 13tf Tamarack 430
Old Colony 205 Utah Mining 32%
Old Dominion 30 Wlnona 5%
.Rubber 22V4 Wolverines 48V<!
Union Pacific Sl% -
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Four Oil Co 69
100 Home Oil S 95
"25 Home Oil 4 00
25 Home Oil 3 90
£00 Independence 22
FOO Junction ....' 62
300 Junction 61
10O Junction 63
20 Kern Oil Co 10 50
420O Lion Oil Co 16
200 Lion Oil Co 17
800 Monarch of Arizona, b 30 69
200 Monarch of Arizona «9
700 Monte Cristo '..... 2 00
2C0 Monte Cristo 2 C3
10 Oil City Petroleum 35 00
120 Peerless 9 00
3600 Petrcleum Center 29 :
000 Reed Crude Oil Co 73
CO Reed Crude Oil Co 72
1500 Reed Crude Oil Co 70
1300. Reed Crude Oil Co 63
230 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 12 75
2C00 SterlingVO & D Co 3 10
100 Sunset (original) 42
200 Twenty-Eight 2 40
100 West Shore 4 00
110O Wolverine 1 50
Afternoon Session.
600 Cala-Standard 3*5
700 Four Oil Co 59
50. Homo Oil S 75
200 Homo Oil 3 85
60 Home Oil • 3 8J
10 Home Oil 3 70
100 Independence 22
400 Junction 63
200 Junction 63
69 Kern Oil Co 10 50
1C0 Kern Oil Co., 11 00
200 Kern River 16 60
3100 Lion Oil Co 16
500 McKlttrlck Consolidated 32
100 McKittrlck Consolidated 30
200 Monarch of Arizona 57
300 Monarch of Arizona $S
200 Monarch of Arizona, b 30 69
200 Monarch of Arizona, b 30....'. 68
300 Monte Cristo 2 05
200 Monte'Crlsto, b 60 2 10
125 Occidental of W Va 53
10 Oil City Petroleum 36 00
200 Petroleum Center 29
6800 Reed Crude Oil Co 69
100 Reed Crude Oil Co 70
600 Reed Crude Oil Co : 71
50 San Joaquln Oil and Dev. 12 75
100 Sterling O & D Co 3 10
100 Twenty-Eight 2 40
60 Wolverine ; 1,62ft
200 Yukon ....; 65 .
CLOSINQ QUOTATIONS.
/ MONDAY. Jan. 7-2:30 p. m.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Bay Co PCoos.104% — Oak Water 5».. — 193
Cal-st Cab 5s.. 115% — Oceanic S8-6s.lO8H10S%
C C Water 53.-106% — Om C Ry 6s. ..123 —
Ed L & P 63. ..131 1S5 Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 114% — P & Cl Ry «s.lO5 —
Geary-st R 5s.. — — P&ORRCa. — —
H C & S 6Hs.. — — Powell-st R 6S.11S —
Do 5s .: ..103% — Sac E G&R 5s. — 101
LA Ry 5s 111H — S F & SJV 58.119% —
L A Lt Co 6s.. — — S R of Cal 6s. — 113
Do gntd 6s.. ~- — 'S P R of A ds.UOH —
Do 5s — — 8PC6s<1905).
L A P R R 5S.100 — " I Series A 1C9H —
Market-st 6S...126 — I Do (Series B)U0V» —
Do 1st M 5S.12114122V4 Do (1906). ...112 112%
N C N G R 7s. — 112 Do (1912).. ..120% —
N R of Cal 6s. — 114 S P R 1st g 3S.107 108V!
Do 5s 119%— S PB R C 63.181 —
N P C R R 6s. 101 — S V Water 6s..H4H —
Do 5s 106 — Do 4s — 1M
N Cal Ry 5S..110U — Do 3d mtge..l01"A102Vi
O G L & II 5s. — 111% Stktn Gas 6s...l01»i —
Oak Tran 6s... — inV
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 71% (Spring Valley. 93U 93H
Marin County. 51 1 * — i
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co — *M Pac L Co 43 —
Eqult G L Co 2% 3Vi Sac E G&R Co — 43
Mutual El Co. 8 10 S F G & E 44% UM
O G L & II 49& 43% San Francisco. 4V4 *\
Pac Gas Imp. — — Stktn G & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund.228 233 \
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 76 — First Natlonl.310 —
Bank of Cal.. — 412 Lon P &A....143 —
Cal S D & T..104 — Merchants' Ex 18 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.... — 1860 Sav & L So... — —
Hum S & L.. — — Sec Sav Bk...27S —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — Union T Co... — —
S F Sav U....500 — .
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 130 — |O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-st ...... 45 — Presidio IS 21
Market-st 6D — 1
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 160 Vlgorit » «%
Giant Con Co. 83U 81 ». -^
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 6& 7 Kllauea S Co. . 20% 21
Haw C & S Co — 90 Makawell S Co 40% —
Honokaa S Co. 31 — Onomea S Co.. 23 28%
Hutch S P Co. 25Vi — Paauhau S Co. 31H 31%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. 12 i 124% Oceanic B Co.. — 102T*
Cal Fruit Asn. 103^104 Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac Bor Co 153 134
tier Ex Assn. 97 Par Paint Co.. 12% —
Morning Session.
Board—
toOOO Bay Counties Power Co 5s 104 75
15 Kilauea S P Co 2100
20 Makawell S Co 41 W
60 Market Street Railway 69 25
10 Oakland Gas 43 62H
$6K0 Oceanic S S bonds — ." 108 50
$1000 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 5s 99 50
60 S V Gas & Electric Co...". 44 7$
25 Spring Valley Water 93 50
Street— ' *¦'..
$1000 California-st R R bonds US 00
10 Giant Powder Con 83 50
J200O Oceanic S S bonds 108 60
$1000 S F & S J V bonds 120 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— s > •
5 Alaska Packers' Assn .........: 124 37^
25 Cal Wine A3sn 100 00
10 Honokaa S Co 31 W
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 50
10 Makawell S Co 40 75
10 Market Street Railway 69 25
J10CO Oceanic S S bonds 10S 50
10 Onomea Sugar Co 23 CO
20 Paauhau S P Co 31 £0
25 S F Gas & Electric Co '. « «2£
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 50
100 Vlgorlt Powder 3 12H
Street—
$9000 Callfornla-st R R bonds ..116 CO
$50C0 Hawaiian C & S Co 6s 103 60
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
Bld.Ask. - - Bid. Ask:
43 quar coup.. Ill US 4s do cp (new).137%13SVi
4s do tes 114 115 Ss do coup 110 1U
UNITED STATES BONDS.
MONDAY. Jan. 7—2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
Local stocks and bonds were quiet and un-
changed on the marnlng session.
Large sales continued on the OH Exchange,
with an advance on Junction and Peerless and
a decline In Reed mil San Joaquln.
In the afternoon! Home declined to $3 70. •
The Interest on the Oakland Transit 6s, 191S,
semi-annual, amountlns to >42.0OO, wa« pay
able yesterday.
The dividend of tho Commercial Publishing
Company, regular ¦ quarterly 2 per cent and
extra of 1 per ceat f.n the capital stock of
the company} Is payable Immediately.
The following livld«-nds are announced:
Truckee River General Electric. No. 1. of 10c.
payable on the 20th; l'ai-iflc Gas Improvement,
30c, on the 10th ; San Jose Water. 50c. on the
10th: California Street H. R.. COc. on the 9th;
Market Street It. It., quarterly of 60c. on the
10th.
California Oil and Gas paid its first dividend
of BOc on the 6th. - . - *
' ' Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 48,000 37,000
Wheat, bushels 10S.00O 58,000
Corn, bushels 404,000 ,133,000 ;
Oats, bushels ...321.000 . 153,000
Rye, bushels ., 3.000 .4,000 ¦
Barley, bufchels .. ........ ...i82,000 ' 52.C0O
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creamery. .15@23c;- dairy. 12@
20c. Cheese, dull; 10Vi@ll?ic. Eggs, weak;
fresh, 20c. . /. ,
The San Francisco Call
Ins bariey,- 45@32c: fair to choice malting, " El®
59c: No." 1 flaxaeed, Jl 66; No. 1 Northwestern.
Jl 57@1 60; mess pork,- per barrel, J13 70@13 75;
lard, per 100 pounds J7 17®7 20;: short ribs sides
(loose). $6 80@7 05; dry salted'shoulders (boxed;,
6I*(g€>tc; short clear sides (boxed). $7 40@7 50;
whisky, basis of high wines. SI 27; clover, con
tract crade. $10 50.
Flour.' qr sks..... !9,693iBrandy, gals.:..".. .6 730
Wheat, -ctls....... 830 Leather, ¦¦¦rolls..".. . 51
Barley, ctls.. 23,oSO;Llme. bbls....... 2'8
Deans,, sks........ ¦ 813,Hldes. No.....,;; 508'
Potatoes,- sks....; 4,766'Pelts, - bdls........ • 210
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. JANUARY 7.
Crushed, 6.15c: Powdered, 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulatid,. 6.75c; ' Dry Granulated, 5.65c; .Confec
tioners' A. . O.C5c; Magnolia A, 6.23c; Extra C
5.15c; Golden C, 5.05c; barrels. .10c more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more; SO-lb bags.
10c more. ¦ No orders taken for less than 70
barrels or its equivalent. Dominoes, half-bar
rels, 6.40c; -boxes, 6.63c ' per : lb.
, COAL— WellinKton, J3 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington,?9; Seattle, ;J7 ; Bryant, $7; Coos Bay
V«bu; Wallscnd, ?9; Co-operative Wallsend, ja-
Cumberland, ¦ J12 - in bulk and J13 25 in sacks'
Pennsylvania Anthracite. Kgs.: ?14; Cannel Jig
per ton; Coke, J15- per, ton in bulk and iU In
backs ; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 r^ T
2W/0 lbs and tS60 per ton, according to brandV
SUGAK-Tne \\ estern Sugar Kenning Com
pany, quotes,' per lh. In lUO-lb* bags: ¦- : -, ..i-
BAGS — San Quentln Bags, $3 65: Calcutta
Grain; Bags, June and July, 6?4^;"Wool Bajs,
23V46"V4c; Fleece Twine, 7»4c . ¦
General Merchandise.
¦ ' ¦»-¦
t PORK— Live Hogs. 5%c for small and 5%e for
medium and 5H®5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5Vic; dressed Hogs, 7UQ8&C.
LAMB— 10(S10Uc per lb.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions. .
BEEF — T@Sc tor Steers ami (ijjlc j«:r lb for
Cows. . '
VEAL— Large, S(ff9c; small, 9JJ10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9@9Hc; Kwes, 8%@9c per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Fall clip — San Joaquln. Ci4©Se; do lambs. SQ
9c; Middle County. -9@10c; Northern Mountain,
free, 10#llc: Southern " Mountain. 7H®SHc;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, llff 12c per lb.
HOPS-12ai6c per lb. .
WOOL— Spring clip Is nuotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15016c; Northern, defective. 120
14c: Middle County, free. 15016c; Middle County,
defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9(5?10c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'. 11012c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. Sf@llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno, 16
©17c: Nevada. 125116c aer lb. . .
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
9Hc; medium, 9c; light. SJTSHc; Cow Hides. 8»ic
for heavy and S@SV4c for light; Stags, 6@6Hc;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9c; Salted Calf,
10c; «Dry Hides. 15Hc; culls. 13Hc: Dry Kip.
15c; Dry Calf, 15@16c; culls and brands 14c-
Sheepsklns, shearlings, 2O$T3Oc each; short
Wool, 3O@a5c each; medium, 60S"3c; long Wool,
7.*ic@$l each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 5OS2 75 for
larBe,.and J2JT2 25 for medium. $i@i 2; for small
and BOe for colts; Horse Hides, dry. Jl 75 for
large, $1 50 for medium, Jl 25 for small and BOc
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin
ckins, 20c. Goatskins— iPrlma Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c.
- TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c p«r lb; No. J,
363H-c; grease, 2®24c.
It Is now said that the projected Provision
Exchange is off. owing to the divergent views
of the local dealers, and It Is Impossible to sav
when it will be formed. The market at Chi
cago was off, but the local market was un
charrred. *
CUBED MEATS^Bacon. lKSlHic per lh for
heavy, Il%<?n2c fcr^lght medium. 12%®13c for
llKht 13H©14c for extra light and 15®15%c for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 11U@
12c- Mess Beef. $12 50 per barrel: extra Mess.
$13; Famtlv. J14: extra Prime Pork, $16: extra
clear, $19 50; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c per
pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at C\c per lb for com
pound and 9%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9Vic- 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins. lOUc.
COTTOLENE— One halt-barrel. Stfc; three
halt-barrels. 8c; one tierce, 7T4c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces. 7Hc per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 13V4J214M:C f Cr brlcht and 12V4
tfjl3c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7>4@Sc; llcht amber, extracted, 6H@7c; dark,
6&5V.C r>er lb.
BEESWAX— 24©26c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7H*t9c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. lie: No. 2, 8c: No. 1
hardshell, 10c; No. 2, 7^c; Almonds, 12#13c for
papershell, 9® He for softshell: Peanuts, GffCc
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans. llB13c: Cocoanuts. J3 50<@5.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes, 3c;
40-503, 7c; DO-Ws. 5«4c; 6O-70s. 3Anc: 70-80s. 3%c;
S0-90s. 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2V4c; 100s and over, 2s; ru
bles. %c premium; Sonomas, He and San Joa
qutns, Vic less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6@
Be for Royals and 10@10%c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 5@«c; sun-dried. 3%@i^c:
Peaches, iiQZc for standard, 5@6c for choice
and 6%tfJ7c ! for fancy; Pears. 207c; Plums,
pitted, 6ifj6Hc; unpltted, l@l%c; Nectarines, 5@
6y.c for red and 6MjQ6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
eeason of 1900: Ble-ached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie: standard, 8%c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy. lOVic per lb; choice, 9^c: standard. S&c:
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless.
EO-lb boxes. 6V4c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers.
2-crown, .11 B0 per box: 3-crown. Jl 60; Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, *3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
CRANBERRIES — Jerseys. 112; Wlsconslns.
J18 60; Cape Cod, $14 per barrel; Coos Bay, 12 30
&2 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges «f?2;
Seedlings, 50c® $1 25; Tangerines, nominal; Man
darins, jl; lemons, 25c© $1 25 for common
and $1 50@2 DO for good to choice; Grape Fruit.
{.«;</$-; Mexican Limes. *4 bUipi; California
Limes, 25@35c; Bananas, *1®2 per bunch; Pine
apples. il'if2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
PEARS— 50c©Jl per box,
APPLES— 30@€0c -per box for common and 60c
<S$1 25 for good to choice; Spltzenbergs, Jl'o-'l 75;
Oregon Spltzenbergs, Jl@l 25; Lady Apples,
J1«j1 50 per box.
DECIDUOUS FKUITS—
Two cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $1 73^2 03; choice do,
$1 20@l 45; standard, 80c@$l 30; Mediterranean
Sweets, 85c<g$l 45.
Oranges aro In good supply and slow. Lem
ons and Limes stand about the same.
Deciduous and Other Fruits.
EGGS— .
California ranch— Selected white, 30c; mixed
colors, 2Sc per dozen.
California gathered— Selected, 27c; standard,
2Cc; seconds, £5c.
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard. 26c;
seconds, . '
Storage— California fancy, ; standard, ;
Ea^tsrn fancy, 25c; standard, ; neconds.
Kee— 20c per lb.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 12^c; choice,
lie; common, nominal: Young Americas. 13c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16^c per lb.
BUTTKR—
Creamery— Extras, 25c; firsts, 23c; seconds,
21c. . ' '
Dairy— Extras. 21c; firsts, 19c: seconds, ISc;
store, 15c.
Storage — Creamery extras, 22%c: firsts, 21c:
seconds. 20c; dairy extras. .
Pickle— 19c ner lb.
¦ The situation stands the same . all around.
Extra Creamery. Butter continues steady,
while the medium and lower grades are weak
with heavy stocks. Eggs are quoted fairly
steady, though supplies are sufficient for the
demand. There is rather more Cheese on the
market than expected, as the usual exports to
the Orient have been cut down materially dur
ing the past fortnight, owing to lack of steamer
freight room.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchanre
were 27,700 lbs Butter, . 574 cases California
Eggs, cases Eastern Eggs, 13,625 lbs Call
lomla Cheese and lbs Eastern Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Three cars of -Eastern came In and- two
were offered. Gales were made at fififi 50 for
Hens and young Roosters, $5 for old Roosters
and Fryers. $4 50 for old Ducks and 12'i@ 14c
for Turkeys.
Game continued In good supply and low.
Receipts were 120 sks.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12@14c for Gob
blers and'13ffl4c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys
16@18c; Geese, per pair, $1 73Q£; Goslings, Jl 73
©2; Ducks. $4 5<i@5 lor old and |o SA)5j6 for
youns: Hens, $405 00; Young Roosters, ."0;
Old Roosters, |4(g'4 50; Fr>'«ra, t5 50@6; Broil
ers, J3(g5 50 for. large and $4@5 for small; Pig
eons, $lgl 23 per dozen lor old J and J2 23S 2 50
for Sauabf.
GAME— Quail, 51 50 for Valley and J2 25 for
Mountain; Mallard, $2 50@3; Canvasback. $2 50
@3; Sprig, Jl 50@l 75; Teal, -$1@1 25; Widgeon.
$1@1 25; Small Duck. 75cC<j,$l; Black Jack, $1;
Gray Geese, $3; WTilto Geese, $1©1 25; Brant.
Jl 50 for small and $2 for large: Honkers. $30
4: English Snipe. SI GO®! 75; Jack Snipe, $1 25:
Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 00 for Cottontail and
$1 for Brush; Doves, 65@75c per dozen. ;
Poultry and Game.
85c; Burbanks. 30®50c for River and $101 20
per ctl for Salinas ana 1 - 60@90c for y Oregon;
Sweets, ,3j©40c for Rivers and J5®S5c for Mer
' ONIONS— $1 65*@2 per ctl;. Cut- Onions, '$1©
1 23. per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas,- 6@"c per lb;
String Beans, 10@12Hc; Cabuage. 90c; Tomatoss.
Los Anceles, $14/2 per crate; Egg Plant, Los
Angeles, S@12%c per lb; Green Peppers, Los
Angeles. 5@6c per lb for Chile and S@10c for
Bell; Dried Peppers. 9<§>llc; Dried Okra. 10@15o
per lb; Carrots, 25035c per box; Hothouse Cu
cumbers. Jl'50 per dozen: » Summer Squash.
<%1 75 per box; Garlic, 4<§5c per lb; Marrowfat
Squarh, 110^13 per ton;. Mushrooms, nominal.
Bran,' sks... !990[Sug;ar.' ctl« «. 5.«2
Middlings, ska.... ; 280 Chicory, bbls 62
Hay. tons j 868 Baislns. bxs 7aO
Hops, bales . lSigulcksllver, flsks 107
Wool, balee. ...'... 1 SjOats, ctls l.«20
Wla«, gals:?. K.70O|Rye. ctls 1.233
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks J,181iBran. sks 6,460
Onions, sks r 60'Oats. ctls 2S0
WASHINGTON. • . . ,-;-
Flour, qr ski l.iU [Wheat. ctls. ...... 700
MONDAY. Jan. 7—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Justice W 09
Alta r t 0*7 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 12 '13 Lady Wash — 03
Belcher 13 . 16iMexIcan 54 5»
Best & Belcher 37 3S lOccldental «7 0»
Bullion Cl OS Ophlr .106110
Caledonia OS 1 OO'Overman 13 »
Challenge Con.. 23 24,Potosi ...t 23 3S
Chollar 24 £>|3avaa;e 2* 2«
Confidence —'.Scorpion — 04,
Con Cal & Va..2 70 2 73'Ses Belcher 04 OS
Con Imperial... Cl M.Sierra Nevada. 40 41
Con New York. 01 — | Silver Hill 51 53
Crown Point... 16 IS St Louis CS —
Bureka Con — 35 Standard S 60 —
Exchequer — C3 Syndicate II 12
Gould & Curry. 70 71 Union Con.:.... ?5 34
Hale & Norcra. 26 27, Utah 10 11
Julia 01 03. Yellow Jacket.. -20 23
CLOSING QUOTATION3.
Afternoon Session.
4C0 Best & Belcher 38i SCO Mexican «3
£0O Chollar 23! 400 Mexican S3
20O Con Cal ft V.2 72H!12fO Ophir 1 05
200 Confidence V> 300 Ophlr X 07^
300 Exchequer 03; 200 Pctosl 23
200 Hale & Xorcrs. 27 f 3C0 Potosl 24
30O Justice CS 1 fry) sierra Nevada. 40
600 Mexican 51! 400 Yellow Jacket.. 22
ICOO Belcher 12 ! 60«> Ophlr 91
S00 BHcher v 13 14C0 Ophlr 90
40O Belcher \l*\ fOO Ophir 89
50O Best & Belcher 31 3tX> Opnir »l
SCO Best & Belcher 3i> SCO Ophir 9\
6P0 Best & Delcher 33 $00 Ophir »S
CM Best •& Belcher 3+' 2^ Ophlr 9!)
900 Best & Belcher 331 44» Ophlr 1 CO
400 Best & Belcher "3S" 4CO Ophlr 1 10
2CO Caledonia 82, SOO Ophir 105
4C0 Challenge Con.. 20 SCO Overman w
600Chcllar 22: SCO Overman IT
140O Con Cal & V...2 50; 7«> Overman IS
250O Con Cal & V...2 43 80O Potosl 20
S30 Con Cal A V.2 47Val 830 Potoal »
3C0 Con Cal & V.r «'„ 1000 Potosl 21
4C0-Con Cal & V.2 624 70O Potosl 23
600 Crown Point... 12"^ 12C0 Savage 1?
W0 Crown Point... 16 5200 Se* Belcher.... 03
ECO Goald & Curry. 58 ;ilOO Sierra Nevada. 33
200 Gould & Curry. 73 1 800 Sierra Nevada. 84
600 Gould & Curry. «! 700 SJeira Nevada. »
2<-«0 Justice ......... C3| ,V0 Sierra Nevada. 33
1200 Msxlcan 42i 600 Sierra Nevada. 40
lttK) Mexican EO 1200 Union Con 34
ECO Mexican 611 6P0 Union Con 88
800 Mjxlcan 53| £00 Utah 10
300 Mexican 48. MO Yellow Jacket.. 21
500 Mexican 43 3CO Yellow Jacket.. 23
Following: were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session
Afternoon Session.
1400 Andes 12 200 Justice M 09
W0 Belcher '. i:- 3iO Mexican 13,
4CO Best & Belcher 37 2C0 Mexican 82
8GO Bullion ..: 05 40O Ophlr X OS
20O Caledonia 90 2O Ophlr -1 10
1C0 Caledonia 91 500 Overman IS
600 Caledonia 93 1CC0 Overman - 13
ICO Caledonia 9«i 40O Potosl 24
£0O Challenge 23! 400 Savage 24
200 Chollar ».. 24 ;1CCO Sierra Nevad*. 43
ICO Chollar 23, lw> Sierra Nevad*. 41
SCO Coi#Cal & Va..2 7W 200 Silver Hill 52
]0t» Con Cal & Va..2 75j 50 Union Con 35
100 Crown ' Point... 16 10O Teliow Jacket.. 23
10O Gould A Currv. 70] 100 Yellow Jacket.. 21
200 Hale & Xojcrs. 27;
10) Caledonia 83' SCO Savaga 13
200 Challenge 13 UCO Sierra Nevada. 33
MO Chollar JO. 200 Sierra Nevada. 37
2CO Chollar 21 ilSOO Union Con. **
13CC Con Cal & Va..2 5i' 30> Union Con 33
300 Con Cal A Va..2 5»i 700 Utah 00
•00 Crown Point... 13! 3CO Yellow Jacket.. 23
10O Justice 08t
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL., TUESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1901.
Foreign Futures.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Cash quotations were as ' follows: Flour,
steady; '¦ No. 3 spring wheat, 7OV4@73c; No 2
red, 76@78%c; No. 2 corn, 3VAftZ7%c: No.. 2 yel
low. Z7hi<S3"%c: • No. 2 oats, . 24%<{?24V4c; No. 3
white, 2<%@27*ic;; No. 2 rye, 5<V4c; good feed-
MIXING STOCKS.
8
THE STOCK MARKET.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCK FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street WTiarJ at 11 a. m.
CADC $12 plrst Class Including Berth
I AllC $8 Second Class arjd A\eals
COLUMBIA Sails Jan. 13, 23, Feb. 2
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Jan. 8, 18. 23
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Tbtough tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
£30 Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISfiA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlcgo>, Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sallinff.
SS., HONGKONG MARL*
Thursday, January 24. 19*51
SS. NIPPON MARir
Tuesday. February 19, 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU 1
Friday. March 13, 1301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
HIW T0BX. ECOTHAMPT0S. LONDON. PAHI3L
Stepping: at Cherbourg, westbound.
Frcm New Tork' Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Kensington Jan. 9|Vaderland Jan. 30
Noordland Jan. 16 New York Feb. 8
Frlesland .......Jan. 23> Kensington Feb. 13
# RED STAR LINE.
Now York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 13 Noon.
Kensington Jan. S Southwark Jan. 30
Noordland Jan. IS Westernland ...Feb. (
Friesland Jan. 23 Kensington Feb. 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TATLOR.
• . General Agent Pacific Coaat.
30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA R. R. ~
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
. rajv-Cabln, $73; Steerage, HO.
S. S. ROAKOKE sails January 8.
S.S.ST. PAUL sails January 29,
From. wharf, foot of Fremont st., at 3 j>. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Ajtent.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, January 13, 2 p. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
: ...Wednesday. January 23. at 9 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
....Friday, February 8, 4 p. ra.
j. D. SPEECKELS & BROS. CO., General i;m\r, 32 J Harttt St
Bw'l Passtngw G&a, 643 Kartst St. Piar lo. 1. Pacific St
COMPAGNIE GENERAL? TBA5SATLA5TIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of «KUM?»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. .from Pier 42. -i^iuva*
North River, foot bf Morton street. First elasa
to Havre £3 and upward. Second class to
Havre $45 and upward. GENERAL AOENCT
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New Torfc. J.
F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast \ Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents..
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Sten— *r "^nrtice'To."
MON., Tues., Wed., Thur3. and Sat. it t-45
a. m.. 5:15. 8:30 p. m. .(ex. Thura. night*- Frl
days. l.p. m. and 8^: Sundays. 10-30 ». m i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IMS.
FARE J......; ...jw
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Jan 8.
13. 19. 23. 2S, Feb. 2. and every fifth day there-
after. *
For San Diejro, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los. Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
gele»>— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. » a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Slm«cn. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo>. Gaviota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Lob Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, S a, m. ; steamer
Honita. Tuesdays, 3 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose *1
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company" s
folders.
The company reserves the right to chang3
steamers, sailing dates and hours of Balling,
¦without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). \
GOODALL. PERKINS 4 CO.. Gen. Agta..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
n Steamers leave Broadway
»g^ wharf, San Francisco:
KJ^r For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. rn.,
EJCj3J^ Jan. 11. 16, 21. 25. 31, Feb. 5.
i^^gS*^ ChanK? to company's steamers
K^Ssvis! For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
3sj«C5f?r5aii C). Port Towns?nd, Seattle.
f '^S^VgTiRi Tarorr.a. Kverett, Ar.icnrtes,
and New Whatsom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. Jan. 11. 16. 21. 28. St.
Feb. 5. and every fifth day thereafter. Changa
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacocia
OCEAN TBAVEL.TWELVE-YEAR-OLD GEORGE BRAHM. ERRAXD BOY. MAKES A HE
ROIC EFFORT TO STOP A RUNAWAY TEAM ON MARKET STREET
AT THE RISK OF HIS LIFE.
IN THE CENTER APPEARS THE CHAIRMAN OF ALAMEDA COUNTY'S NEW BOARD OF SUPERVISORS.
THE OLD MEMBERS OF THE BOARD WIND TJP THEIR AFFAIRS TO MAKE ROOM FOR THE NEW
ONES AND THEIR SMOOTHLY WORKING GUILLOTINE.
ALAMEDA;? Jan: 7.— Miss Ida Jacobs, a
teacher * In :< the ¦¦> Alameda . School . Depart
ment, was to-day charged i with Insanity.
She believes that she Is possessed of great
wealth and wants the city officials to send
for it * .> ; ~-<-r : •¦•.-¦ V -;¦ - . -¦ • - - - *• ¦ .-¦
Believes She Is ';' Rich.
iOAKLAND, Jan. * 7.— Etchler. a pioneer
rancher at Mount Ederi. died at his home
yesterday morning.. Deceased was S3
years of age -and had resided . at Mount
Eden for half. a century. He. was one of
the wealthiest. ranchers in that section of
the county. ' ' A ! wife and two daughters-
Mrs. Fred Hellwlg of Alvarado and Miss
Millie Eichler— survive. The funeral .will
be held Wednesday.
Rich' Farmer Passes Away.
An English correspondent tells tills
story: "Two Alsatian* among the Ger
man troops at Tientsin were in their tent,
and an Enerlish soldier was passing. Said
one Alsatian to the other, 'Schang. schynt
d'sunn schun?' (John, is the sun shlnina
yet?) and the other Alsatian replied, *Ja!
d'sunn schynt schun lang.' (Yea. tb* sun
has been shining a long time.) The Ener
lish soldier listened and shook his head.
'Wonderful coves, those Germans 1' he ex
claimed. 'Only been here a week, and
blowed if they ain't talkinc Cain«s«
already!*— New York Tribune.
Chinese in a Week.
Hon. Victor H. Metcalf.- House of R«presenta
tives.' Washington. D. C. : ¦: Oakland Board of
Trad* earnestly urges , you to ex»rt all your
efforts I to | secure , r necessary appropriation • for
Oakland harbor In river and harbor bill at this
session. -so that; we may have twenty- five feet
at low, water at 1 Fallon street. - Absolutely-neu
e*aa.ry'to accommodate present shipping
- . . E. W. MARSTON,
, " . - -V- ".' Pre? Irtent .Board of Trade.
OAKLAND. Jan. 7.— The Oakland Board
of iTrade has sent the following telegram
to Congressman Victor . H. : Metcalf :
Urges Deeper \ Channel.
BERKELEY/ Dec. 7.-Mrs. Delia
Springer, the wife of 8. 0. Springer, died
Saturday. at the home of her mother, Mrs.
Mary Thompson, on Rose street. The de
ceased was the mother of Helen, Rose
and Markuertte Springer. . .•-
Funeral services will be held to-morrow
morning at 9 o'clock from Mrs. Thomp
son's home. Interment In Holy , Cross
Cemetery. San Francisco.
Death of Mrs. Springer.
FLEASANTON" MANIAC
SENT TO CHE - ASTLT7M
Would-Be Murderer and
Suicide.
No Further Doubt of Insanity of the
OAKLAND, Jan. 7.— Louis Pederson," the
Pleasanton rancher, who burned his homo
and tried to kill 'the men'who prevented
him from committing suicide, will be re
strained from doing further damage by
incarceration in . the Stockton . Asylum
At. the first hearing of the case on Sat
urday Judge Ellsworth continued the caso
for additional testimony, and to-day Mar
shal Head, who was attacked by the mad
man: Tony Bchweer, -. the owner of tha
ranch burned by Pederson, < and some
other eyewitnesses of the fight at the
Pleasanton Hotel when the Marshal near
ly lont his life were present.- •.
Head's testimony was so conclusive that
the commilment was ordered with little
hesitancy. • • ' . ¦
Pederson has been sent to the asylum
twice before. , ..
New • Zealand newspapers . declare '. that
compulsory education has been a success
in the colony. ¦ '-¦^MSffflSBWWliliUMRfW^
Know Thyself.
A teacher in one of Boston s public
schools had instructed her pupils In hy
giene, and toward the end of the term,
wishing to see how well they could re
member, told them to each write out a
little story of the human body. The fol
lowing . is copied from the ''story" one
small boy handed her, with the confident
assurance that he knew It was all right,
for he had studied very hard over it.
"The human body is divided into three
parts — the head, the thorax and the ab
domen.
"The 1 head contains the brains. If there
are any; the thorax contains the heart
and the vital organs, and the abdomen
the vowels, of which there are five—*, e.
1," o and u. and sometimes w and y."— Tha
Household.
Public Schools Open.
BERKEIJ2Y. Jan. 7. — Tne public schools
of this city opened Xo-day after the holi
day vacation. Classes were installed in
the new Hillside School and several trans
fers of teachers made.
OAKLAND. Jan. 7.— The Reliance Ath
letic Club will give a "ladies' night" Wed
nesday evening, the programme for which
Includes orchestral and vocal numbers
interspersed with athletic events.
The monthly boxing tournament will be
gven Friday evening. Joe Sullivan and
Qbby Martin are matched at 120 pounds
for a ten-round go; Bonar Wilt of the Sail
Francisco Athletic Club will go against
Pat Malloy. a Plttsburg man. for ten
rounds at 1S4 pounds, and Australian Tom
my Cox will meet George Baker of San
Jose in a fifteen-round bout.
BOXING TOXTRNAMENT
AND A LADIES' NIGHT
Reliance Club Offers Double Enter
tainment This "Week for Mem- 1
bers and Their Friends.
Presence of Mind.
BERKELEY, Jan. 7.— Through her pres
ence of mind Mrs. F. M. McAllister of
1918 Channlng way saved herself from be
in«r burned last night. She started to- turn
down; the wick of a large lamp, when the
oil exploded, hurling the bowl of the lamp
across the room. Blaz/nsr o41 fell on the
sleeve of her dress. Mrs. j McAllister
rushed to the bed and, thrusting her arm
under the covering, succeeded, in smoth
ering the flames. Her husband, hearing
her cries, came to her assistance. He. put
out- the flames, .which "were spreading
rapidly in the room,, by means of an ex
tinguisher. The damage was slight.
Mr. McAllister is a business man of thfs
city. ..-/ : • *v : -'¦ ¦ - : ¦¦ ¦• .-¦¦¦ : ¦ ¦
SMOTHEBS BLAZING
• OIL IN HER DRESS
Mrs; F. M. McAllister Saves Herself
From Being Burned Through
BERKELEY. Jan. 7.— Alfred Lee. the 10
year-old son of Bert L«e. who r*sidi>s at
the corner of Channinjc way and Third
street, had his left foot crushed by a TVts;
Berkeley freight train thts afternoon. Th*
boy started to cross in front of the train
and was run down.
The boy was taken to the Receivtnjj
Hospital, where his foot was amputated.
Foot Crushed by Train.
. of this city have been working nine hours
a day for S2 60 per day. Alter March 1
/ they will demand $3 for an cleat-hour
day.
Want Higher Wages.
6AJJTA CRUZ. Jan. 7.— Tot carpenters
w. B. Chapman of San Francisco Is act
ing as Lady Yarde-Buller's attorney In
the rase. Other euitx affecting her ladv-
Hhip'e Interests are now pending In the
Alameda County and Baa Francieco
courts.
OAKLAND. Jan. 7.— Lady Tarde-Buller
wIiilr answered the petition of W. »B.
i Cin . rihsum for letters of guardianship
•ver her estate and person by flatly deny
ing hi« allegation contained in the peti
tion that he is her ladyship's friend. Lady
Tarde-Buller says he never was her
friend. Bhe furthermore denies the juris
diction of the Alameda County court, al
leging that she Is and has been all
through the pending litigation a bona nda
resident of San Francisco.
Guardian.
TT<m to Serve as Her
Lady Yarde-Bullcr Does Not Want
DECLARES GREE2TBAUM
IS KOT TTTrft FRIEND
HINDMAN'S NEPHEW
BREAKS r |'H K WILL
Court Holds That the IHsinlieritLng
Codicil Waa Not Legally
Executed. \
OAKI*ANT>, Jan. 7. — Harry Monaon ; of
Bangor. Me., has succeeded In breaking
the codicil to the will of his uncle. Ed
mund Hlndman, whereby he was deprived
of over J20.000.
Judge Greene decided against the con
testant on the insanity charge, as also on
that of undue influence, tut sustained the
contention of the nephew s attorneys that
the codicil was not legally executed, and
that the witnesses did not sign in the
presence of each. other. It also appeared
that they did not know what they were
signing.
The contest has occupied several months
and has been fought with great determin
ation by both Hides. The property, which
is appraleed at $118,000. will now be evenly
divided between Monson and four other
Eastern heirs, nephews aid nieces of Ed
ward Hlndman.
» ? ¦
City Officials Cited.
OAKLAND, Jan. 7. — In response to the
friendly suit filed by Contractor John
Worthlngton, praying for on order direct
ing City Auditor Breed and City Treasurer
Gilpln to pay his claim of $4000 for city
work. Judge Hall to-day issued a writ of
mandate ordering the officials in question
to appear In court and show cause why
they should not" settle the claim. Worth
lngton's account was net settled because
the Building Trades Council protested it
on the ground that he had worked his
men more than eight hours per day. The
suit is to test the application of the elght
hour law.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, January T.
Btmx Santa Barbara, Johnson, 82 hours from
Oray. Harbor.
Monday, January T.
Ettnr Banta Crue, Hlnkel. Port Harford.
DOMESTIC I PORTS.
EEATTLB— Sailed Jan 7— Bark Abble Pal
mar, for Quartermaster Hexbor. Jan 7— 8tmr
Ilobert Dollar, for San FTajjcisco.
ICEAH BAY— Passed in Jan 7— Ship K«mne
bec, from Honolulu; »tmr, Czarina, hrace Jan 4.
. OCEAN STEAMEIl.
NEW YORK- Arrived Jan 7— 6tmr Pottsdam.
from Rotterdam and Boulocoe. . :
¦ m » •
Colonel Martin will occupy the seat on
the board that has been filled by F. W.
Zeile, whose term has expired.
At an early hour this morning It was
stated on the best authority that Colonel
Walter Martin, the only society bud on
the Governor's staff, had been appointed
by Mayor Phelan to the Park Commission.
Receives His Appointment
to Succeed F. W. Zeile,
Term Expired.
WALTER MARTIN
ON PARK BOARD
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7.— The animated
debate in the House on the : reapportion
ment of representation from the various
States is nearing its close, it having been
unanimously agreed to-day that the final
vote would be taken before the session
closes to-morrow. It was expected there
would be a sequel to-day to the exciting
dash of Saturday between LJttlefleld of
Maine and. Hopkins j of Illinois.' But the
latter made no effort at rejoinder and con
tented himself with the direction of the
measure to-day to a final vote. He ex
presses confidence that the bill bearing his
name will be passed to-morrow, although
there may be "a slight change.^giving an
additional "member to" Floridar Colorado
and North Dakota, bringing the member
ship up to 880.
The notable speeches to-day w«re by
Crumpacker of Indiana, dealing with al
leged disfranchisement.in the South; by
Hepburn of Iowa, severely arraigning the
present rules as annihilating the consti
tutional prerogatives of the House, and
by Grow of Pennsylvania, comparing the
old system in the House with that of the
present. . • . , . .
Final Test of Strength to Be
Had To-Day Before
the House.
WILL VOTE ON
HOPKINS BILL
The telegraph line will come from Eagle
to Rampart, leaving out Circle City and
Fort Yukon. . There are strong probabili
ties that the Valdes military road will
never reach E-ople, as It has three divides
to cross and there is an > old Indian trail
on an easy grade from the point terminus
Into \Rampart.
A $4 50 nutrget was picked up on 40 and
including 42 nearly $1000 has been taken
out, says the Alaska Forum of Rampart
On 34 and 35 Johns and McLane are
making from $7 to $12 per day each. Johns
has worked here two years and has taken
out from $5 to $50 per day alone. His
story of the wealth of the Big Manook
was not believed until last fall.-
John Duncan has four men employed on
86, all finding srood pay. On 4 below, on
Ruby Creek, a few hundred feet from
Big' Manook, John Folger took out $83
in a few days last August. Since then
two men have Joined him. They found
5500 in one week, and within a- very small
space took out $67 in coarse gold, includ
ing a $30 nnggot. All this work Is being
done with a pan— not a rocker on the
creek. It means untold wealth when the
outside world awakens.
SEATTLE, Jan. 7.— Many claims are be
ing worked this' winter in the Rampart.
Alaska, district, and conservative esti
mates place the output for the winter at
J500.00Q. Big Manook Creek is showing up
well, and the Forum saya there are
twenty other creeks Just as good on Big
Manook. In five weeks during th« sum
mer "William. Burnett took out $450 alone
and set out for Nome. He returned and
is now taking out (5 a day with a pan.
The Weed brothers took out $440 in two
weeks on , No. 44. They got the Nome
fever, but are now back, having- better
luck than ever. After removing but eight
feet of waste they found $32.50.
Ppeclal IMsp»tch to The Can.
Output for Winter Esti
mated at Half a
Million.
RICH CLAIMS
ON BIG MANOOK
A deal was carried out that is intended
to defeat Supervisor W. H. Church for re
election two years from now and seat
Assemblyman Joseph M. Kelly, and at the
same time confirm to the Breed element In
the Republican County Central Commit
tee the votes of the delegation from the
Forty-eighth Assembly District. James
Glover, a member of the County Commit
tee from this district, was made a deputy
County Clerk In the place of B. H. Swan,
who was given the position of James T.
Carey as gardener of the Hall of Records.
Carey ¦was marked for removal and Glover
would not take that position, so a trade
was made with Swan, who decided that
he could care for the county gardens Just
as well as the county records. There was
still another member of the County. Com
mittee from the Forty-eighth District to
be provided for, and Eugene Lynch, jani
tor at the Hall of Records, was removed
and H. T. Hempstead was given his posi
tion. This will keep a portion of the
County Committee in line and prevent any
changes there.
faction until to-day. The Pardee faction
has, generally, controlled the municipal
patronage and the old line element the
county patronage, but the Pardee ele
ment to-day g-ot control at the county
buildings and proceeded to improve the
opportunity without waste of time.
Some old scores of long standing were
paid off to-day and some missionary work
was done in the Forty olghth Assembly
District with an eye to the future. Coun
ty Assessor Dalton and Coroner Mehr
mann hung the scalp of County Expert
Bullock at their belts and were avenged
for the times that the old County Expert
cut their Mils and attacked their claims.
Machinist at Webster-Street Draw
bridge—F. L. McCready succeeds H.
A. Mendenhall. #
Assistant Bridg-etender at Web-
Bter-Street Drawbridge— Marion Hor
ton succeeds Hugh Dolnn.
Game and Fish Warden — A. S. Mc-
Dougall succeeds "W. S. Dunleavy.
Storekeeper and Bookkeeper at the
County Infirmary (newly created
position)— H. W. Martin.
Watchman at Courthouse — J. W.
Moore succeeds Dan Denahy.
Copyists — Henry Dopman, William
McDonald, 0. J. Mullen, George
Strecker and I. Mitchell succeed Wil
liam Fallon, Henry Dopman, O. J.
Mullen, B. C; Beach and L Mitchell.
Keeper of Records of Indigent
Claims — J. H. Story succeeds R. C.
Beach.
The combination waa Mitchell, Rowe
and Homer. In some few instances Tal
cott voted with this combination, but
Church, never. He voted against every
motion and resolution if his waa the only
vote on that side.
For the first time in the history of Ala
meda County the Pardee element has se
cured control of the county government.
That has always been held by the old line
The crime with which Sang is accused
was one of the most brutal in the history
of the city. The woman and her sup
posed murderer had been living together
in a small hovel on the roof of a tene
ment at K» Stockton street. On the night
preceding the discovery of the murder the
occupants of the house were kept awake
till pact midnight by the violent quar
reling of the couple.
Jeung Bin, the landlord, went t« re
monstrate and, failing to quiet the :|olse,
went for police aid. ¦* When he returned
with Policeman Dlnan the noise had
o*>a»ed. IJinan. suspecting a crime, called
in Officers Hurd and Highland. i
The trio broke in the door and an awful
fight met their eyes. In the wretched
room everything was in confusion. The
furniture was broken and in the center of
The floor lay the body of a woman literally
hacked to pioces. Near her lay a butcher's
cloavw bearing tha fresh evidence of ita
phastly uk. The nature of the cuts re
upmblfd th« manner in which "Jack the
Ripper" served his victims. An open eky
light pointed to the way the murderer
{evidently taking fright at the approach
ing footftpps of the officers) had made
frood blp escape. Tbe search iias been kept
up since then and now the police think
they have the man.
The Chinaman arrested last night was
pointed out to the nclio* as the murderer
and taken into cu*fdy.
An alleged Chinese highbinder named
Ltm Bang wan arrested in Chinatown late
last night and locked up in the tank* at
the City Prison on suspicion of being Use
fiend who brutally murdered a Chlnesa
woman in her room on Stockton street on
the r.ight of July 25, 1899. chopping her
body in a frightful manner with a
hatchet.
Slayer of Chinese Woman
in July, 1899, Believed
to B a in the Tank3.
POLICE CIPTORE
ALLEGED FIEND
County Expert — J. Ml. Sabin suc
ceeds Z. B. Bullock.
Assistant Surgeon Receiving Hos
pital — Dr. B. B. Williams succeeds
Dr. W. S. Porter.
Physician at County Jail— Dr.. C. L.
Tisdale succeeds Dr. R. O. Baldwin.
Foreman "Webster-Street Draw
fcridg* — C. O. Emlay, reappointed.
Gardener at Hall of Records — B.
H. Swan succeeds James T. Carey.
Allowance Clerk in Auditor's Of
fice—Myron A. Whldden succeeds E.
I_ Johnston.
Janitor Hall of Records — H. T.
Hempstead succeeds Eugene Lynch.
OAKLAND, Jan. 7. — The new Board
cf Supervisors organized to-diy
by electing John Mitchell chair
man and making an almost clean
sweep of the appointive officers
under their control. The county buildings
were swept clean. Supervisor Church lost
every appointment that he had and was
completely shorn of his patronage. All
that was left him was one copyist In the
County Clerk's office and that was a mat
ter of supervisorial courtesy, each mem
ber of the board being allowed one copyist
by courtesy.
Following is the result of the day's
•work:
Deceased came to California from Ohio
in I860. He engaged in the drug business
at Auburn and at Sacramento, varying
commercial life with mining enterprises.
In 1863. Mr. Webber came to Oakland and
established a drug business at Eleventh
street and Broadway. •¦;• '-* "-;/__ •
Becoming interested in politics. Mr.
Webber was elected to the City Council
in 1872, serving two terms as a Council
man. In 1875 he was elected 'Mayor and
gave the city such a creditable adminis
tration and his re-election was assured
in the event he had accepted another
nomination. But mining interests called
him away for several years and then for
three years he resided in Nevada. Later
Mr. Webber was assistant appraiser and
deputy collector at the Custom-house in
San Francisco.
Mr. "Webber : was associated in business
with George W. Grayson for some time in
the mining town of Hildreth.i- Fresno
County. After the mines shut down there
Mr. Webber returned to this city. He
continued to take an active ' Interest in
politics-
Deceased was 67 years of age. His wife
survives. The funeral will be held to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock from the
residence. 468 Twenty- fourth street. Rev.
Robert Ritchie will officiate. Mr. Webber
was a member of Oakland Lodge of Ma
sons. *
Mack. Webber, former Mayor of Oak
land and a pioneer miner of this Stato.
died last evening at St. Luke's Hospital.
San Francisco, from paralysis. He wa3
stricken last Thursday while across the
bay on a business errand and 'was imme
diately removed to the hospital.
Oakland Office 8an Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 7. '
Passing of Mack Webber,
Former Mayor and Pio
neer of Oakland. .
PARALYSIS ENDS
AN ACTIVE LIFE
Unable to do anything else to help out,
George sprang on the seat and as the
team plunged up the street he shouted
and gesticulated warnings to pedestrians
George Brahm was passing just as the
team got away from Bill. He made a
dash and sprang into the rear end of the
wagon. Intending to seize the lines. They
were trailing on the ground.
QEORGE BRAHM. a daredevil er
rand boy, 12 years of age. proved
htmself a hero yesterday and was
perhaps the means of saving the
lives of some of his fellow human
.beings. Little George had a wild and
dangerous ride behinti two- frightened
horses through a business section of the
city, and his first words upon being as
sisted to his feet, after finally landing in
a heap on the sidewalk, were: "I guess I'd
better go back to work or I'll be late."
During the noon nour Fred Bill, who
drives a hea\'y delivery wagon for Clark
Bros., was trying to leed his horses at
the foot of Sutter street and they became
frightened. The animals had their bridles
off. Bill in trying to restrain them was
thrown to the ground and rendered un
conscious. The horses then started on a
wild run up Market street.
The Californias have had Tinder con
sideration for some time a project to
change their clubhouse location. At
present the yachtsmen lose much time In
reaching cruising water, because of tn«
lonjc sail from the house down the estuary.
The present headquarters Is sheltered
and convenient for Iaylngr-up ground, bu:
in sailing season the members find much
discomfort in the long trips in and out
of the estuary, particularly 'when "beat-
Ing" is required.
To protect yachts at the proposed new
location In case consolidation Is effected.
a small breakwater will be extended at
right angles to the mole.
The annual election of the California
Yacht Club will also be held to-morrow
evening. Sidney Marshall has been nom
inated for commodore for 1301.
The proposed consolidation of the Cal
ifornia Yacht CJub and the Enclnal Yacht
Club will be considered at the meeting
of the California Club to-morrow night.
A plan of union. Involving the erection
of a new clubhouse on the south aide of
the narrow-gauge mole, has been sub
mitted to the club, and a commltto will
be appointed to-morrow night to confer
with the Encinals. The consolidation of
these clubs would mean an organization
of yachtsmen and lovers of aoquatlcs that
would rank second to none on th« Pa
cific Coast.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111? Broadway. Jan. 7.
Californias and Encinala
Have Such a Project
Under Consideration.
TO CONSOLIDATE
YACHT CLUBS
The horses reached Montgomery street
and plunged down that to Post, the heavy
vehicle behind them r/.w smashing a rent
collector's buggy, now jarring an expres3
wagon. At every ..turn foot passengers
narrowly escaped.
. In front of LJtchfleld's store. 11 Post
street, the horses ran into a heavy truck
and were thrown to the eTOund. while
the sudden shock sent little George, the
child hero, to the hari sidewalk. He was
carried into the Grand Hotel drug store,
where he soon recovered himself and gava
expression to the de«ire not to be lace
in returning to work. He was advised to
go to the Receiving Hospital, but saii
if he "went out there It would scare
his mother."
Little George Is employed at MeBoyIe*»
drugstore and live* with his mother at 7
Stnckton street. H© secured the position
he now holds by replying to an objection
that he was too small with the words:
"I'm bigger than I look; and besides I
want to help mother."
For some unknown reason the pollco
arrested Bill on a charge of battery. His
case comes up to-dav and the small hero
¦will be a witness.
and drivers to make way, seemingly un
mindful of the danger he ran each in
stant of being dashed to death on. tha
pavement.
HEROIC ERRAND BOY
TAKES A WILD RIDE
Little George Brahm Jumps on Seat Behind
Frightened Horses and Shouts Warnings*
Personal Christian Influence
the Only Means of Purg
ing Gotham.
POTTER'S PUN
FOR REDEMPTION
Oakland Office- San Francisco Call.
1118 Brcadway, Jan. 7.
The California State Conference o?
Charities came to a successful close this
evening after a session covering four
days, during which there were ten subor
dinate sessions held ana twice as many
subjects discussed. Much good is certain
to follow the light thrown on the Inner
machinery of educational and philan
thropic works by the earnest talk of the
many interested men and women who at
tended the conference. Renewed interest
will be taken in the branches of these two
institutions which are of such vital Im
portance to the State and the mental and
physical well being and happiness will
be promoted as a result. Great confidence
is felt now that two bills" advocated l>y
the conference will pass '.he Legislature,
as the publicity given the sessions has
shown what strength there is behind
them. One of these bills Is for a State
board of control for charities and one is
for compulsory education.
The morning session to-day was given
over to the subject of "California's Care
for the Feeble-Minded." D. Edward Col
lins, as the chairman, first calleu upon
Dr. A. E. Osborne of the State Home for
the Feeble-Minded at Eldridge, Sonoma
County, to speak upon that institution.
Dr. Osborne described the early struggle
of the institution to secure a suitable
home, and how It had wandered from
place to place until It had finally landed
at its present location. But now the man
agers of ;ihe home are perfectly pleased
with it and generous support permits all
the modern improvements.
California. Dr. Osborne said, was the
first State to abolish the age limit with
Its attendant inconveniences. Nearly all
the Eastern States have .followed the ex
ample set by California. . Another Initia
tory improvement made In this State was
to provide for the care of epileptics. In-
Ftead of being denied admission to the
State's hospitals, which was formerly the
case, these afflicted persons are now re
ceived.
Dr. Osborne 18 a strong advocate of th«?
"home" system of caring for patients.
This plan contemplates giving a cottago
to the patient or several Datients, over
which they are expected to exercise scru-
Fiulous care. The inmates, besides caring
or the Interior, are exoected to ra'.se
poultry and farm produce which, being
sold, makes them self-supporting. The
plan removes. the onpresslve character of
an institutional home.
Dr. Hatch. Superintendent of State
Hospitals, delivered an address upon the
history and development of the institu
tions under his supervision. He quoted
statistics to show tbat insanity ¦ was on
the Increase in this State. On the whole,
the homes of the State compared favora
bly with those of the world and were as
economically conducted.
Dr. Stocking of Agnews Asvlum advo
cated a building which would have the
effect of keeping the patients isolated
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 7.
Pending the hearing of his former wife's
action against him for ! battery, "Copper
King" George W. Hull has come back at
the lady with a complaint, asking that
her claim to the homestead in Berkeley
be annulled by- the court.. The complaint
cites the findings of an Arizona court to
the effect that Margaret J^ Lowell, alias
Margaret J. Hull, was guilty of polygamy
in wedding the capitalist, and that the
latter was tricked into the marriage by
her representations that she was a single
woman.
The comptaint continues that while un
der this false Impression, and regarding
the defendant as his lawful wife. Hull
filed a homestead claim of his Berkeley
residence, giving his supposed wife Joint
ownership In the property. This home
stead Hull now asks the court to annul
on the ground that it was obtained by
fraud.
In the story of the marriage given as
ground for the complaint Hull says tfo£t
he took the defendant for his wife at
Phoenix, Aria., in November of 1897, the
latter assurlrig him that she was free
from all matrimonial entanglements. It
was In June of last year that the couple
came to Berkeley, where Hull bought the
property in dispute. In September of the
same year, he says, he found, that his
companion was in reality the lawful wife
of one Sylvester M. Lowell of Phoenix,
whereupon he immediately commenced
suit in Arizona to have his marriage an
nulled. A decree to that effect was issued
on the 29th of last December.
The homestead deed, however, was still
in force, and Mrs. Lowell, -as the court
has decided she should be called, contin
ued in possession of the Berkeley prem
ises. It was there that the trouble oc
curred for which she has had Hull arrest
ed for battery.
The capitalist will be arraigned on the
battery charge to-morrow at 10 o'clock In
Justice Qulnn's court. ,
Allege sThat He Was Drawn Into Marriage
With Her Through Sheer Trickery.
ARIZONA COPPER KIIVG
WOULD OUST EX- WIFE
CHARITIES' DELEGATES
FINISH THEIR LABORS
Much Satisfaction Is Expressed by Them
at the Results Obtained.
from. one another, so that their individual
cases might be studied. He also pleaded
for a system of parole by which dis
charged patients would be so restricted
that they would be returned to the insti
tution if their malady reasserted itself.
Hon. \V. R. Davis presided at the first
afternoon session, when the care of or
phaned children was under discussion. Al
bert A. Elliott interpreted the laws gov
erning orphans, their parents, foster par
ents and guardians. He advocated amend
ing the statutes so that good people who
contemplate adopting children would not
be compelled to make them equal helrs
at-law with their own offspring. This
was the main reason why more children
were not adopted. Miss Katherlne n Felton
pleaded for an organized head for orphan
institutions. Rev. Father Crowley of the
Youths' Directory, who was to have made
an address, was unable to be present on
account of sickness.
The latter half of the afternoon was
taken up with a discussion of social set
tlements. Mrs. F. C. Turner presiding. Dr.
Dorothea Moore, Miss Colburn and A. W.
Palmer told of the good accomplished in
the social settlements they had been In
strumental In organizing.
Charles A. Murtfock presided at the
evening, session, whon co-operation be
tween public and private charities was
dlscusped. Mrs. Pauline Dohrmann, dele
prate from the Associated Charities of
Stockton, read a pnper givlnjr an exposi
tion of the charitable work that Is being
carried on in San Joaquin County. She
gave some complete and Interesting sta
tistics concerning the 570 people of her
county who applied for aid during the
year 1900. She emphasized the fact that
Indiscriminate alms-giving was one of the
principal causes of pauperism.
Miss Jessica Peixotto explained the plan
in vogue in Liverpool and Denver for col
lecting and distributing, through an in
corporated body, the moneys for the suc
cor of the Indiecnts of those cities.
A resolution was Introduced by Osgood
Putnam and unanimously passed in which
the State executive and the State legls
lators'are urged to enact the bill creating
a State Board of Charities and Correc
tions, with powers of supervision and re
port.
Another resolution, which was left In
the hands of the exeeutU'e committee,
urges a bill providing for the appointment
of probation officers, whose duty It shall
be to care for convicted offenders upon
whom sentence has been suspended. The
bill is designed to keep outside of prison
walls first termers and offenders for
whom there 1b hope of reform.
The election of officers for the ensuing
year resulted in the unanimous choice or
the following: : Horace A. Davis of ¦ San
Francisco, president; O. V. Rice of Los
Angeles, vice president: A. E. Osborne of
Eldrldge. secord vice president; Miss
Katherine Felton, secretary and treasurer.
The committee on time arid place se
lected San Francisco as the place for
holding the next conference, but did not
appoint the time.
General O. O. Howard announced : last
night at the meeting of the People's Cho
ral Union in Cooper Union that President
McKinley will be one of the speakers tit
the celebration of thu birth j of Abraham
Lincoln, to.be held ?\ Carnegie Hall the
evening; of February 11. Governor Odell
will preside. '• Colonel Henry Watterson
of Louisville will deliver a lecture on Lin
coln and Fred B. Brooks will read a poem
on Lincoln. ' One s of the features of the
celebration will be I singing by the ¦ Choral
Union under the leadership of Frank
Damrosch. The band; of the Fifth United
States Artillery from Fort Hamilton will
furnish the instrumental music. .
Calif ornianB in New TotIc
The following , Californlans are in New
York: From San Francisco— W.N. Egan,
at Amsterdam ; V. Etienne 'Jr./. at , Man
hattan: A. Q.~ Freeman, at Holland: Mrs.'
S. T.-Hames,; at "Herald Square: ' Mrs. C."
B. Horton, at Imperial ; C. P. Jenkins, at
Bartholdi; R.'J. Jose and wife; at Gilsey;
F. B. King, at Imperial: Mrs. R; Levi, at
Marlborough; V.^LlUpman, at Imperial;
G. i E. Morse, at Manhattan ; M. A. • Roths
child, at Holland. < <
¦ From 8an; Diego— G.W.' Marston, H. T.
Meglnness, at St. Denis.
From Los Angeles — A. Mar shut*, at Bel
vidmr». ¦ ¦ ' ¦•¦. , ¦ , '¦•- : . .:¦:
"Thousands of bales of precious myrrh
might be piled upon .the docks down at
the Battery, but do you suppose that their
fragrant salve could heal ti.is city's sore*
until the potion had been unpacked and
applied by willing hands to each " bruise
and laceration? Individual agency Is what
we need. Never, my friends, can we mako
New York, what we wish without this
personal influence. It is in this individual
thought that I foresee . the redemption of
the human race. ..;¦-.- ,£-*!', '- "' •
"If I were asked to sav what had don©
most harm In the world I would say, next
to sin Itself, it was the spirit of cast*.
The feeling of caste existo in the neigh
borhood, in the community and in the na
tion. We can all see its influence in so
cial matters, : but I wonder how many of
us appreciate its influence in internation
al affairs. This feast . of the epiphany
celebrates the breaking apart of the bar
riers about the ancient Hebrew church
and its enlargement so as to take in all
mankind." ' >
Saresident "Will Speak.
"In the myrrh brought by the threo
sages." Bald Bishop Potter, "we find the
type of Christ's conservative and preserv
ative influence— the fragrant balm of his
healing: touch. Not. by Its own potential
energy can the myrrh of Jesus Christ's 1
redeeming influence be placed where It is
needed. Individual contact of Christians,
first with the myrrh and then with tb*
invalid world, is the equation which offers
the solution for the corruption o f city,
nation or race.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.— Redemption of
this city and of the nation from corrup
tion by means of Individual Christian In
fluence was the theme of Bishop Potter's
sermon in St. George's Churcn last even
ing. The Bishop said that the gifts of
the three wise men to the Infant Christ
were symbolical.
THE SAN JfJtcANClSCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1901.
Board Organizes With John Mitchell as Chairman and Proceeds at
Once to Make Political Changes.
HEADS TUMBLE UNDER SCIMITAR
OF ALAMEDA'S NEW SUPERVISORS
9
In 1801 there were only GGOO Italian-
speaking people In th* United States.
Now there are 460,006. jTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY^ JANUARY 8, 1901.
10
HELP WASTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ;..Phon» Grant 1S5
....„ RAILROAD WORK ...... ..••••••
20 teamsters. Nevada........ ..$2 a day
Free Fare Free Fare ....Free Fare
Timekeeper. $50; Scandinavian coachman, $30;
- man and wife, ranch. $25. see party here ;
Indoor man, private - family, $20: vegetable
gardener and - run » Incubator. $25; plasterer,
city; tiemakers: woodchoppers.
v HOTEL DEPARTMENT
¦ Baker for Institution, country, $35; meat
cook. Institution, $4J: third hand on bread,
city $35; dishwasher, Bawmlll camp, $30; 3
cook's. ICO. ?40 and $30; 3 waiters, country
hotel. $25. „„ .
Hangerup. hotel laundry, country. $30 and
fare paid; ironer and polisher, $50.
Upetalrs porter, cauntry hotel. $20; house-
mtn, country hotel. «20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10* Geary st.
A CORRESPONDENT familiar with Eastern
and coast trade in dried and canned fruits,
salmon and -general line of provisions; salary
to commence $125. ¦ . ... _
C. R. HAN'SEN - CO.. 1° 4 Geary st.
A YOUNG barkeeper, city, $50.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. V>* G*»ry st.
A WAITER for hotel In Nevada. $40. •
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Oeary st.
A-MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
T.WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY.....
Bookkeeper and stenographer for rancn......
Carriage painter, country shop.. ••••*-. ! ~ cay ,
2 plow teamsters $2« w^ f ° una
Boys to learn trades Chore boy*
Tiemakers— We pay your fare and ship to-
day, tools arid provisions furnished: wooa-
choppers, 4-foot snd stove wood for all parts
of California. - _
A- HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
Porter and runner, country hotel... $23 and ra
Chef and second cook $60 and $35
Cook, chop house, country ,...$12 we v*
Dishwasher, mine boarding-house $«
•Walters, country hotels. $25; ranch cook.
MURRAY & READY. 834-636 Clay St.
BOY wanted. 119 Main St.. upstairs.
UNDERPRESSERS tn pants. BELASCO A
HARRIS CO., 641 Mirket et.; call upstairs.
BARBERS— Good paying- shop for sale. 200
Powell St.; tr{al given. .
GOOD young barber. Wednesday. Saturday and
. Sunday. 1759 Union st. ¦
COATMAKER3 and bushelmen for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
BOY to go errands and help around store.
2216 Flllmore st.
WANTETABy large shipping house, experi-
enced cable clerk. Address Immediately box
1043. Call office.
BOY to learn paintlr.g: some experience; call
early. 39S1 Twenty-fifth st. • -
WANTED— Young man; aomi experience at
horse shoeing. 1721 Market St.. opp. Halght.
WANTED— Boy over 18 years to work In drug
Btore. 639 McAllister St.. -
WANTED— A good Jobbing gardener this morn-
Ing. Call at S28 Halght St. .
BOY to leam trade. Address A. I- , box 1052.
Call office. -
PAPERHANGERS wanted at 710 Jackson St.;
bring tools. .
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady work. 73«
Howard st.
t .
HOW TO OBTAIN /
A COMPETENCY IN THE /
BUSINESS OF LIFE INSURANC-V
Address JNO. I. D. BRISTOL,
No. 1 Madison Avenue,
New York/City.
* - ____
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; t3o
to EOc. 562 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ANY amount to loan on your diamonds; low
interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
MANUFACTURER wants dress goods, corset
and trimmings salesman; salary and commis-
sion. Experience and reference to box 1C30.
Call office. w
WANTED— Middle-aged m_ tried man for gen-
eral cleaning worfc in store: German prefer-
red; wages $3 a week. Box 1029. Call office.
DIEMAKER toolmaker or locksmith/ W. H.
GCTZMAN. 17C6 Dwlght way. Berkeley. CaL
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
S Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of goc-3
character, between the ages of 21 and "35; not
less than B feet 4 Inches and not. over « feet
1 inch in height: able to read, write and
speak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Of flee, 40 Ellis
tt., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— A solicitor of high grade who can
present a high class proposition to selected
Individuals; no canvassing: high pay for
right man. Room 5, 5 Market at.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
Inducements: catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED—Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
' runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
' rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per —»•_.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and id sts.
LADY or gentleman wanted; neat appearance;
security required. Box 1009. Call office^.
15c BARBER shop; choice location; Market St.;
flrst-class trade; bargain. Box 1029. Call.
BIG inducement for young man to solicit for
merchant tailor. 1213 Market st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
AGENT to Introduce best thing on the coast.
Address Dundee Mfg. Co.. 14 Flood bldg.. S.F.
PENSIONS-^J. H. Shepard & Co., old reliable
firm, S06 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard St.,
S. F. Barber School.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
, 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an-t
subscriptions has been established at VM
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
HE .MO UK HO IDS.
ANY case PUesT'Piles. Piles ;"over*200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Cali.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
HORSES AND MULES.
Last few days of sale cf German Government
horses and mules; grand opportunity to get
good, horses at reasonable price; horses from
$20 up: mules from $50 up. Baden horse ranch,
at end of San Mateo electric line.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons. - boggles,
carts, harness. Orand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A FINE bred, educated, speedy mare, good for
business or a lady to drive for pleasure; prlc«
reasonable. 433 Third st.
$150— A*- FINE horse and new buggy and har-
ness .for sale; ; a bargain. Apply .714 Te-
hama st.
TO'LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for clr-
; cular. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
IVVALID CHAIRS AND TRICYCLES.
BOLD and rented"; manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st_.
LOST A7C D FOBSD. '
LOST^-A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan-society of San Francisco la the
name of SIMON MEYER; No. 231-577. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A small alligator purse New Year's
eve. containing about $10 70: return, receive
reward. Address box 1039. Call office. .
LOST— Glasses, chain attached ; reward. 82J
' Ha >' es Bt -t after 6 p. m.
LOST— Small diamond marquise ring; of small
value except to cwner. .Reward of $10 If re-
, turned to GUNN.;_CJ Clay st.
$100 REWARD-On' New Year's eve. a purse
containing solitaire diamond ring and small
gold. Box 972 Call office.
LOST— In San Lorenro, Gordon setter/calls by
name of Jack; reward. Address Postmaster,
San 'Lorenzo.-- •'•.,- -¦• ' / .
ANY old thing; also diamonds, sealskins: money
on them: private entrance: pcrfec* secrecy.
UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant ave. ,¦•:•-^
' A WEEK'S news tor 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
| It panes. In wrapper. 1 fnr mailing. $1 per year.
i -• -
i 3IEDICAL.
t DRS." GOODWIN. 100^." Market, expert on dis-"
¦ eases of women; 15 Tears* practice In S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 »t, of flee; have cured thou-
.-. sands of cases; unexcelled success ; see f ree.
LADIES' Home Remtdy Co.. 112 Ellis st— Prt-
vate diseases of women; satisfaction guaran-
i t_«d or - money refunded; sanatorium.
___'_ ¦¦' . EICHAitGEi.
CHEAP lot, accepted business street.' with
cash, for city income property; 110.C0O. AS-
MUS9EN. 718 Valencia st. . . ¦ .V- "
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing' to nave
.their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
LEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
FXATS TO LET.
TO let— New flats on Buchanan st.. between
McAllister and Golden Gate : ave. ; 5 and 8
rooms and bath; all the latest Improvements.
•Apply G.'H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let-LOWER flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN -CO..
14 Montgomery st. , .
A SUNNY. fiat; 4 rooms and bath; good condi-
tion; $14. 89 Langton St.. near Seventh.
A SUNNY upper flat of 4 rooms; good condl-
¦. tion; 110. ', 118 Perry at.." near Third.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW flat. 4 large sunny rooms; water free.- 22
Sumner st... off Howard, near. Eighth. .,
UNION. 1S52— Sunny flat of 8 roonWand bath;
¦ fine view. - . . . .„ * •
S ROOMS and hall to let at 14 Bruce place, off
Folsom St., between Seventh and Eighth; $9.
$7— FLAT, of 3 rooms. 244 Harriet St.. between
Sixth and Seventh.' Harrison and Bryant.
17— 4-ROOM flats on Victor St.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th.' -Inquire at grocery, 941 Bryant.
$10— COTTAGE of S sunny, rooms, i 134 Rose
ave.. 1H blocks to Market st., Gough and Oc-
tavla. •¦¦-¦¦..
FLATS FOR 8 ALE— FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat. 5 rooms and bath, gaa and
- coal stoves ; $22 SO. 2C3B Octavla - st. '
• FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— By family of • 4 adults, furnished
flat or house; 5 or 6 moms; near Fourteenth
and Mission sts. ; must be sunny. Box 839.
Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for sale— Flat to let; 6 rooms,
bath, yard. 3570 Seventeenth St., near Guer-
rero; apply 9 to 11 a. m. - '
4 ROOMS furnished in oak }4S 40, with Na 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Auctloneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln: tel. Polk 504;
furniture & furn'd houses- bought: spot cash.
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for fur., carpets, etc.,
see W. E. CODY, 757 Mission. teL Red 3363:
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st.: tel. Jessie 76L
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-frand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
HELP WANTED— FE31 ALE. '
WORKING housekeeper, city, J20; 20 house-'
work girls, city and country. I $20 and $25;
German cook, IV) each; nurse girl, Oakland,
*12. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
..HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, country, $25; 2 waitresses.
Southern California, $20, free fare, call early;
2 waitresses, Arizona, J20, free fare; wait-
resbes for BakersfleW. Marysvllle, Orovllle,
Woodland, Salt Lake City, $20; 8 waitresses,
! city, $20; lunch and dinner waitress, $20;
fancy lroner, $35 and found; 3 chambermaids,
$15 and $1S: 4 chambermaids to wait, $20;
woman cook, $30 and found
FAMILY DEPARTMENT...
2 house girls. 2 In family, city, $30 each;
cook and second. $40; nurse for 2 children In
hotel, $20; others: tecond girl, no waiting,
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MAN and wife as cook- and chorernan: see
•party here at 2 o'clock to-day: $35. C. R.
HANSEN — CO.. 104 Geary St.
TWO flrst-class chambermaids, same hotel,
Santa Barbara, $30; sec party here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. .
SECOND girl. Oakland. $25; Berkeley, $25;
cook, $30; chambermaid -and seamstress, $25;
nurse girl, $20, see party here 11 o'clock; girl
or woman for housework, sleep home, $15;
housekeeper. $15: waltitss. $23: laundress, $25;
6 second girls, $25 and $20. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st. ' _____________
A— HOTEL Gazette, 2S Montgomery, room 12.
Waitresses, country hotels, $20; chamber-
maid, country, $20, free" fare; 3 laundresses,
city hotel; chambermaids, city hotels. $15.
GIRL for cooking and housework, $20. refer-
ences; also girl as attendant for lady and
assist In second work, good references re-
qulred. Apply bet. 10 and 2. 1706 Broadway.
EXPERIENCED hand sewers and knitters and
girls to learn to knit: good steady positions.
Golden Gate Knitting Mills, GANTNER &
MATTERN, 9 Stevenson St., near First.
BUTTONHOLE makers, operators, finishers
and apprentices on coats, vests and pants.
BEL'ASCO _ HARRIS CO., 641 Market St.;
call pipstalrs.
EXPERIENCED ' operators on tailor-made
skirts. Apply L. HORVITZ. 2d floor. 151
Market st. ¦
A YOUNG German girl es second girl; must
assist the cook with washing; wages $20. 245
Chestnut et., between Dupont and Kearny.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Ap-
ply 1305 Gough gt. ' /
WANTED— Young' girl to assist: carfare paid.
1509V& Broadway. | ¦ -
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply
222S Clay st.. corner Buchanan.
OPERATORS on shirts and overalls; Inex-
perienced instructed. HEYNEMANN & CO..
1 410 Mission st. ¦ -
1 SWISS or German waitress; wages $20 to $25:
must be competent to handle business; good
home. 426 Geary St.. Home Bakery.
RESTAURANT waitress from 11 a. m. to 7:30.
¦ 155 Fourth St. . , ¦
COMPETENT girl who understands cooking
and housework. 317 Larkln st.
TWO extra waitresses. YOSEMITE RE3TAU-
RANT. 955^3 Bryant at. .
Z FIRST-CLASS waitresses wanted at the Co-
lonial Hotel, cor. Pine and Jones.
GIRL to assist with children; wages 515; call
after "» a. m. . 1 Scott st.
GIRL for housework; small family; ref.; apply
morning. 910 Devlsadero *t.
FIRST-CLASS waitresses at S08 Bush it
"WANTED— A nurseglrl to take care *>f on«
child; wages $8; must sleep home. Call at 81(
Sutter et., room 13. .
SEWING machine operators , wanted at Levl
Strauss _ Co/s overall factory, J2ft Fremont
st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
YOUNO girl; small family; plain cooking and
housework; 9 to 12 a. m. 1810 Laguna.
GIRL i wanted for general > housework. . 83S
O'Farrell «t. f -
EXPERIENCED operators on knitting ma-
chines. Apply to J. J. PFI8TER KNITTINO
CO.. 412 Polk si., near McAllister, San Fran-
cisco. *
EXPERIENCED or>erators • wanted ¦ to > se~
shirts; a few Inexperienced taught. Apply
r The L. ELKUS CO.. 23 and"31 Battery st.
WANTED— Reliable, intelligent lady over . M
. for responsible undertaking. Box 996, Call.
WANTED — A girl for general housework. Call
at Humboldt House. 1309 Stockton St.
EXPERIENCED bindery girl wanted. _r?
SELL. ROLLINS ft CO., 22 Clay gt.
LADIES wishing to marry- good men call ot
write MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st. ; no charges.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore at.
•BORROW.:- on ;- pianos. ¦ furniture, diamonds.
. paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris. IS Grant av.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencla st. ¦ ¦>
. HELP WASTED.JIAI.B.
MAN • to buy a ' route; ' good-paying business.
MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter st. .
A— HOTEL i GAZETTE, ", 26 Montgomery, room
12—Chcf. $90; bell boy. $10; waiters. $30.
A— 1 HODCARRIER, tl sticker hand; non-
union : -, no • office fees.';., Mechanics' Reglstra-
Y. tlon . Bureau;-; 410 ; Kearny St., 'room 9.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers',! International Unlon-
¦• Fiee employment; only ¦ recognized union. ' 115
: ' Turk; tel. Folsom ; 1583. v I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS' i ' Progressive . Union— Free K employ -
mentH. Bernard, sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 15.'.
WANTED— A ¦ middle-aged, .steady ¦ man. goo<3
';.- horseman : and . driver, also familiar ; wltli
¦ ranch ¦ work/t, for \ small .- country.,, place; ' alsc
know, plain f cooking; permanent, eas>
Job: wages $20 and found. to start. 'Address
box ; 1040. Call office. -
¦WANTED— Strong ? boy from 17 'to 20 years, ol
: age : who ; has had \ some ; experience In crock-
.. ery business; give reference, age and- wages
.. expected. Box 1044. Call! office, r .
BOY wanted. V Apply ¦. at SELIG ., BROS.. lOi
.> Battery St., bet. . 9 . and 11 a. ' m.
15c BARBER shop ' In * one of the : best stand!
tilniWesternfAddltioniat'a sacrifice; "call im-
mediately. STOLZ. 6SG Market st.
sajt fha\cisco call.
BUSINESS OFFICE of T_« Saa Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock evcrr night ta the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 1:30 p. ra.
S00 Hayes etreet; open until 9:S0 p. rn.
CSS McAllister street; open until *:S0 p. ra.
CIS Lar_ in street; open until t:S9 p. n_
1£41 -Heelon street; open until 18 p. n_
t2_ Market etreet. corner filxteenth; open
-rr:i t p. ta.
ICC Eleventh street; open cntH * p. m.
1C96 Valencia street; open until » p. m. /
Northwest comer Twenty-second and,- Ken-
tucky etreet?: open until 9 p. m. ¦¦'*- ;..•*
MECTIXG^ NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6. R. A. M.. __
will meet THIS tTUESDAY) E\_N--A -
ING. January S. at 7:30 o'clock. M. 11. 1£_K
degree. By order of the H. P. fyr\
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. St
M.— First degree THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING, s-t 7:30 o'clock. X_f?
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. /V»
LOTAL Rebekah Lodge. I. O. O.
F.— Members will meet In hall «a5?_SV___
TUESDAY. Jar.. (¦, at 1:30 p. m.. eg$2?<tT
to attend the funeral of our late "*VW*
brother. WILLIAM JAMES.
KM MA L. BRAUER, X. O.
JENNIE WRIGHT. Roc. Sec
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29. I. O. O. tsgVSaStoT
F.— In_t_ llatlcn and Initiation
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING. : ~XS&:&5?
Please attend. J. T. JONES. N. O. ?> -
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 145. I. O. _j__B_W
O. F. — I r. sta:: at: on of c!flc«— en i^Sy-JJEySi
TUESDAY. January S. Eureka *r-^_gr
Hall. L O. O. F. Temple. Visit- «w^**
lr.g German brothers Invited. By order of
the N. G. MARTIN R. JAGER, Secretary.
FIDELITY f*»d_» No. 2T2. L O. <*&__?<_.
O. F-Merr.b<rs w::i me?t !n hall ¦3_J__5___
TUESDAY, January E. at 1:30 p. =%©g£f
m.. to attend the funeral of our 1
late brother, WILLIAM JAMES.
WM. B. CURTIS. N. O.
SAN FRANCISCO Scottish Thistle _ «r_-
Club— Officers arrt members will i* JJ
assemble Bt ih<- undertaking pur- "vkXCj;
lor-s cf Craig _: Cochran Co.. 21 <^*_?_'
Mint ave.. TUESDAY, at 1_ o'clock noon, to
etter.d the funeral of our late esteemed clans-
man and honorary member. JOHN H. SMITH.
By order JOHN ROSS. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATKRSON. Recorder.
TO the Etorkholders and members of the C. F.
Kapp Company, a corporation: Notice Is
hereby given th_t a srneral meeting of the
etockrtoIdTS nnd members of the C. F. Kapp
Company, a corporation, will be held at its
office and place of business. No. l_'"0 Market
«., In the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, on SATURDAY, the _Sth
day et January. IS"., at the hour of 12
o'clock m.. the object of said meeting being
the retso\"_J from office of the folio— ring
named direct ors of paid operation, to wit:
C. H. Ko«hneke, Bertha Koehncke, Carl W.
Mueller and Alfred Fuhrman. and that at
Eurh rce**tinp It is the intention of the under-
signed to propose the removal of of e_Jd
directors, and also at t_id meeting the repeal
amendment and adoption of new by-laws will
be considered. CHAP. F. KAPP.
President C F. Kapp Ccmpany.
TKE Milk Drivers' Union will hold an open
meeting at Mang-el's Kail. Twenty-fourth and
Folsom sts.. WEDNESDAY. Januarv 9, 1501.
at S r. m. rrcuninfnt speakers will address
the meeting, a'ter which the charter will
close.
THE annual meeting cf the stockholders of th»
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco, CaL.
w;!l be htld at Us banking bouse, 801 Mont-
gomery et. San Francisco. Cal.. on TUES-
DAT. Jjinuary S. 1301. at 3:15 o'clock p. m.,
for the election of directors to serve for the
i:r.::rp year and the transaction of euch
rther business as may come before the meet-
ing. GEO. GRANT. Cathler.
S_ n Francisco, December f. 1900.
SPRING Valley W_ter Works — Annual Meeting
—The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Erring Valley Water Works will be held
at the cff.ee of the company. No. US Stock-
ton etreet. Saa Ft— nefsoo. California, at 12
o'clock M.. on WEDNESDAY, the Sth day
of January. — <01, to «lect trustee* to serve
Jcr the ensuing year and for the transaction
cf Furh other business as may come before
the meeting. F»n Francisco. California.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The annual meeting of
the Ean Francisco Ladles' Protection and
Relief Fociety will be held at th« "Home."
en Franklin et.. between Post and Geary, on
Thursday. January 10. at 2 o'clock p. m.,
for the purpose of electing man— gers and
trustees for the ensuing year and tr_ n saction
cf such other business as may properly come
before it.
KL F. HUTCHINSON. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— Regular annual me*t^
ing of the stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Company will be held at the office of
the company. ZT1 Market St., In the cfty and
county of San Francisco, on Wednesday, the
. xeth day of January. 19C1. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. t-_. for the purpose of electing a
bosrd cf directors to serve for the ensuing
year a_4 the tra._sa.ctlon cf euch other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Eatnrday, January 5,
1SC1. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Oceanic Bteam-
ehip Company will be held at the office of
the oomp— cy. 227 Market Bt., San Francisco.
Calif ornla. on MONDAY. January n. l?01, at
the hour cf 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose cf electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year, ana the transaction of
euch other business as mm.y come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
day, January 10, 1S01. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN
RULE BAZAAR— To the Stockholders of The
Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar, a Cor-
poration: Please take notice that the annual
meeting of the stockholders of The Empo-
rium and Golden Rule Bazaar, a corporation,
will be held at the principal office of the
company, in the Parrott building, located on
Market St.. between Fourth and Fifth. In the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
C_llforni_, on THURSDAY, the 17th day of
January, lfOl. at 2 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of electing directors and for the
transaction of £uch other business as may
properly come before the meeting. By order
of the Board of Director*.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary.
Dated January S. 1P01.
NOTICE is hereby riven that a epeclal meet-
ing of the stockholders cf The San Francisco
end S_ n Joaquin Valley Railway Company
will be held at the principal office of the
oct-pa-y In the city cf Ban Francisco. C_ L.
on SATCRDAT. the nineteenth <19th) day of
January. 13C1. at 12 o'clock noon, for the pur-
pese of approving and ratifying an agree-
ment for the tale end conveyanace to and
purchase by The AtchlBon. Topeka and Santa
F> Railway Company of the railroad, prop-
erty and fr_ nchipes of The San Frandeco and
£s.n Joaquln Valley Railway Company, and
to transact any other business that may
legally come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
Fan Francisco, January 4. 1901.
ANNUAL MEETINO-The regular annual
meeting cf the stockholders of the Pajaro
Vall^ Consolidated Itallroad Company will
be held at the office of the company. S27
Market St.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the
twenty-first day of January. 1S01, at the hour
cf 11 o'clock a m.. fcr the purpose of elect-
ing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year acd the transaction of euch
other business aa may come before the meet-
ing. The transfer books will close on Friday,
Jas'Jary IS, ISOt at 3 o'clock p. m.
W. H. H ANN AM. Secretary.
THE er-uaJ roeetln* of the Association of the
Hospital for Children and, Training School for
Nurses will be held at the hospital. S700 Cali-
fornia ft.. THURSDAY. January 10. 1901. at
1:30 o'clock p. m.
JENNIE M. DUNBAR, Rec Bee.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; prl-
vate entrance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
AGEVTS WASTED.
CKI TO 5500 per month; men or women; salary
or cpmmiEslon or both. 927 Market et.. r. S14.
POSITIVE opportunity for a first-class lady
-gent. Dundee Mfg. Co.. 14 Flood bldg.. S. F.
BATH CABINETS; ROBINEON. Niagara, Per-
fection and others. Agency. 4It Ellis st.. 8. F.
KINE burifi««s for ladles. Call or write iC
fit. Anns' Builfllng. 6 Eddy et., S. F. ,
ADOPTION.
A GOOD boice cpen for girl or boy baby. Add.
Mrs, Dr. Funke/ 141t Eighth St.. Alam»da.
ASPHALTl'M ROOFI.NG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal, im Mission- tel. Folsom 1807.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
r~ vr'. KING. S2;~M_r_et et.. Ctb floor, room 627
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; ail casfs; fair fee; no advance
charges; loan- on esta-es. Tel. Howard i;J7.
/.-VICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, £50 Market, cor. Btock— i.
VRANK W. PMITH; mir.ir.g _nd probate Isw a
specialty. Mills big., r. S. 4th fir.; tel. Red 36H.,
ADVICE fr*«: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market St.. cpp. Mason.
3. EDW. JARHETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market tie.; phone Red C262.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Fpreckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; bo fees in advance.
CHEAPEST end best In America— The Weekly
Call. II jpeges. cent to aey address In the
United - States or Canada on* . year for II,
postage paid.
MEPICAI- • ' -
DR- a V7. CDONNELL. moved to MIS Market.
opp. Sth; world-renowned ladles' specialist;
safe, reliable: practiced In Ban Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully:
treatment can be used at home;- consultation
free. After all other fall call on hlm.
MRS DR. KOHL. 997 Market st. cor. Sixth-
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
$5- positive cure guaranteed; when others fall
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHI-
MRst DR. WTETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.*
euccessful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sulCf'ree. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. AND MRS. DAVD3S. 1223 Market— Ladle*'
specialists; 32 years' practice; positive cu~
gvaranteed: ladies treated can return sam*
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps, clr.
MRS DR ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles spe-
cialist: safe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER." specialist for 37 years for femal»
troubles. 323 Kearny st.; call and see me.
MRS DR GWYER. ladies' specialist; hom»
for patients. Sfrt Eddy st. <
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herb*:
advice free. . 704 Sacramento St.. near Kearny.
A WEEK'S news for 5c— The Weekly Call. It
- pag»«. In -wwr. for mulling. $1 P*r year.
MISCELLANEOUS FOll SALE.
B^n^ERS~^nslnes~2d^hand machinery. M^
INTO3H & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits en one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1317. 1019. 1821. 1083 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $3 down and
. $5 per month: writ* for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st ; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS. • sells or rents gear machinery,, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. r.« Spear St. -
FOR sale— Horse, cart and harness ? bigr bar-
gain; roust sell at once. THOS. ROBERTS.
1615 Market st.
2D-HAND steam, gas, oil. -rater and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White, 515 Mission.
PORTABLE, engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
F1R3T-CLAS3 second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and scld. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern good*
bought..,Bold. exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and flr» and burglar
proof safe. 218 California s_
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-4X3 Sacramento st.
MAOIC lanterns. n«w and 2d-hand movtnj
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sixes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLu-JTEOLS WA.VTS.
INDIES' arid gents' cast-off clothing bought _i
scld. Sllverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1— >_
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. !«.
WHITE-HEAD. 1710 Market st.
3IO:*EY TO LOAN.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terras. .
Second -lortg-ges _,...•
Interest In Estates -
Undivided Interests In Real Estat*
Financial problems of all sorts and slias
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people eaa
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc; d9
net borrow of your friends or you will los»
their friendship; do business with str_ng«r»
and you will be better 1 satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY amount at 8 per cent; 1st. 2d and Sd mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bnaght; no de-
lay: get my terms before doinc business els*-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; « peT cent; first,
second mortgages, estates tn probate. Interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 15. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN St OL6-.V.
HIGHLY respectable, private place t» obtain
liberal . advances on diamonds. Jewerly at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S43 Market
St.; tel. Main. 1614. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture, pianos, no removal, or any other
security; quick: lowest rate: easy terms: no
brokerage; private, reliable parties. . 1170 M—r-
ket st..- room 63.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals, J. BROWNSTONp. II Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borro-ron diamonds,
watches, Je— i relry. VT. J. HESTHAI* 10 Sixth :
highest prlc» for old gold, stiver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
no removal, no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones*.
$1CO,CCO TO loan on diamonds, watches. sHverT
sealskins, planoa. guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave. ¦
MONEY loaned salaried people without secttrity.
HILL, rm. 44. M~rc_ a nts* Ex.. 431 California.
S130.000 TO loan on* real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldj. Co.. 222 Sansome. rm. i.
CASH loaned on salaries; New Tork plan.
THE TOC8LEY CO.. 321 Parrott hidg.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal ;
no commission; private. Room SI, i Eddy st.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: 6%: undi-
vided lnts. ; estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott bis.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loon Co.. $68 Parrott bulld-
lng; nv*n can secure loans on personal notes.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. -917 Market St.. room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no remo— al; con-
fidential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried p*opl» on nota w Ithout
Indorse-. MORKELL.809 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Asrency. 143 Phelan bl*.
.MUSICAL IXSTRUMESTS.
ANY person naving use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments. lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the beat
of their trade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege gtren to - exchange medium and low-
'priced pianos for a new Steinway any tirni
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
ptanos for 13. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sta.. San Francisco:
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land.
A - GREAT reduction on pianos left from 1900 sale.
Guild |S3
Emerson Co
Steinway — 13S
Chickering 323
Haynes ...r ; 2S>
Hallet & Davis 4S3
Heine 453
20 new pianos at I4i
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary St.. -genta
Hallet & Davis, oldest and most famous piano
in existence. Rents and easy payments.
PI A X OS at $100. $125 and $1SO are not to b«
corfipared with the bargains that w« offer
you. Call on the ZENO MAUVAIS -TC3IO
CO.. 763 Market at. „
DECKER & SON are the old reliable raakeri
f of flrst-class pianos. New styles and low
prices at MAUVAIS'. 7S» Market St.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous«
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE* 3. 28.
t$ and $0 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tft»
customer.
A GREAT bargain sale of second-hand uprights
and squares taken in exchangs for new plants
during: cur great special sale, $60 up. BEX J.
CTRTAZ _ SON. 18 O'Farrell St., Chickering
as-ency. ,
CABI3T—T grand upright; must be sacrificed
In S days: leaving city. 419 Van Ness are.
_ tl'ST sell our upright piano; almost new;
please make offer. 815 Laguna st.
HPAUT1FUL Chlckerinir upright: cost $475.
now $275. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary at.
A CLEANING out sale of pUnos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer * Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gnbl»r and Spellman pianos. 309 Post.
SPECIAL »alp— Immense reductions; see our
leader, only $150. BBUENN. 208 Post st.
THREE- PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain;
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission st. •;
GREAT many bargains In .nd-hand upr!ghJ3-
small Installments. Hornunc. 216^McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
AT KEEFFETS. J33 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rishts at. your own. price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H
MULLER maker. . repairer. 2 Latham plac»!
BARGAIN— Must be .son : nice uprUht piano.
SCHMITZ.. if McAllister st.. next Hlb. Bank!
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th- Weekly
£*"• _"- P * BM - " ent to *ny address In th«
T.nlt.* St»»»». wtwH. fnr tl tw- roar.
_-._-___gg?.'.'.'fr < P STORES • TOjjLET.
FOR _ re _ lt ~; Stor * wlth u "» ln « room.; partly fuX
BATH OABIKETS. _
ELECTRIC- light bath cabinets to let and for
eale. 1536 Point Lobes ave.
BOARDIXG FOR CH-L.DREN.
BOARD and room wanted for father and 1
children 11 and IS years, as near Tenth and
Mission aa possible; must b« moderate. Ad-
dress, stating terms, box 1042, Call office.
WANTED— To board child under one year;
mother's care. 1310 Green tt.
BCSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1600— CORNER grocery and bar on Guerrero
St.: rent $40: large nock, horse and w&gon
and a first-class paying business; established
years. Call R. G. WILKE, »H Kearny st.
A— ONE of _ x • best saloons with commercial
lunch; close to Palace Hotel; rent $50: owner
sick In bed; a great sacrifice; only $500 cash
down needed. R. G. WILKE, Z6M Kearny st.
A— $700; CORNER saloon with S rooms; rent
S3S; opp. factory employing 800 people; a
rare chance. R. G. WILKJ3. 26H Kearny st.
A— $250— CIGAR store on Market St.; rent $20;
a good-paying -tend. Call H. G. WILKE,
26^ Kearny st.
A— JSOO— CORNER grocery and bar on Langton
St.; rent $30; place ectab. 20 years; must sell,
as owner wants to retire and give long lesse
to r}jrht party. R. G. WILKB. 26^ Kearny.
A— $250— PARTNER wanted In an employment
of flee; can clear easily 1150 per month; only
rood, active man need apply. R. G. WILKE,
26^ Kearny et.
A— J450— CORNER grocery store, with bar. in
the> Mission ; 4 large rooms ; rent $25 ; dally re-
ceipts about $15. Call R. O. WILKE. 26H
Kearny st.
A— JT75— CORNER caloon In the Mission; rent
$20: lease; good-paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Ke-rny st.
A— $750— CORNER grocery and bar. with 11 fur-
nished rooms; rent S40; finest business corner
In Western Addition; Is doing a splendid busl-
nets. Call R. G. WILKE. 26tt Kearny »L
A— $750— Restaurant with 25 furnished rooms, in
Stockton; rent $25: 2 y»_ ra' lease; owner to
leave for East; must sell quick; a good-paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— $3_^-RESTAURANT and chophouse opp. R.
R. cable-house; rent $20; good-paying place;
investigate soon, as rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE, Xhi Kearny Bt. v
PARTNER wanted In a large old-established
profitable business, controlling a good bate,
cclid and reliable trade. Owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
an Interest to an acceptable party; duties will
be the keeping of the accounts and assi-tlng
generally In the management of the business;
capital required $5000 to $10,000; full value la
eight ; books and business open for investiga-
tion. Apply J. W. DONNELLY & CO.. 632
Market st.
A— WANTED— A good tenant for grand 'corner
ctore and basement, with fixtures suitable for
procory business; special inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Bt.
$1000— SALOON downtown; fine location; ele-
gant fixtures; large stock: paying business;
owner must leave the city; offer wanted.
DECKER, 102D Market et.
$100— CIGAR stand; bargraln this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. TTTVfr Market st.
$300— RESTAURANT bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHL1N _ CO., 777V4 Market st.
RESTAURANT; Income $50 dally; estab. 1J
years: long lease; meals 25 cents. Call on
MARION ORIFFIN, 7U» Market; by Call bldg.
' PARTIES having restaurants, lodging houses,
bakeries or any kind of bueiness fcr sale call
on A PRICE & CO.. 80 Kearny st.
RESTAURANT with living rooms; good prices;
compelled to sell. LANE & CO.. SG5 Market.
A PARTY having secured a large tract of otl
lands wishes to form a company. This Is a
chance for the right parties to got In on the
ground floor. Two directorships still open.
Address at once, box 1049. Call office.
A-*45O— GOOD-PAYING tailor shop In unlver-
elty town; fine business; must Fell; money-
maker. J. W. BRACE. 906 Market Et.., r. 8.
BRANCH bakery, notions, cigars and confec-
tionery, furniture included: leaving city; good
location. 1203H Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale— Fixtures In a hardware store; 60 to
75 per cent discount; register, safe, scales, etc.
Box 2067, Call office, Oakland.
$?0O— PARTNER In butter business: net $175
month each; will stand Investigation. Box
1C51. Call office.
$500 — GROCERY and bar; corner Twenty-fourth
and Alabama sts. ; worth $1000: must sell.
SALOON for sale— Second door from Ke_rny;
$20 month. Apply 423-425 Jackson et.
A — NICE< saloon; must be sold; good reason for
selling. OJ1 247 Fifth at.
RESTAURANT for sale at & bargain this week.
Call at 419 Kearny st.
STATIONERY, notions, candy and cigar stora
will be sold at reasonable price; good-paying
business; old stand; 20 years In existence.
Inquire at 155-157 Fifth st
FOR sale— Chophouse; good business: expenses
small; electric lights; $350 cash. Particulars
W. C. STEELE. 7 N. California St.. Stockton,
_____________________ „
20 to 60 per cent profit monthly on our new
system: call and investigate. N. S. HAND _
CO.. expert handicappers, suit 12. 34 Kearny.
FOR sale— Well etocked hair store, suitable for
halrdree:lng and manicure business; location
Oakland. For full particulars apply to H.
L. SMITH. S02 Market fct.. Ban Francisco.
WANTED-Lady or gent with $200; salary $17
per week. Including all expenses; must travel
and act as cashier. Box 96L Call office.
AT ence, cheap. New England Home Bakery.
Guerrero et.. near Twenty-second; death
cauee of sale; call at bakery.
PARTNER wanted: legitimate money making
enterprise; must invest $1000. Box 3911. Call.
OYSTER, fruit and notion store for sale; reason
sickness. 1100 Golden Gate ave.
BUSINESS opportunities. Immigration Bu-
reau. 211 Examiner building.
RESTAURANT and cottee saloon; daily re-
ceipts about SCO. Call at place, 410 Kearny st.
CIGAR store, fine location, for sale cheap. 29
Ninth et.
RESTAURANT; bargain: paying business;
cheap rent; good location. Apply 269 Hayes.
$30 WINS $300 per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia Et. ¦
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A FEW OR II. C DECKER'S BARGAINS:
24 roomf^hause clears $l_0 $2000
14 rooms on Mission st I (00
5-room flat on Taylor st „.. 250
W rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2600
15 rooms on Third st 600
20 rooms on Powell st .*. 960
<t rooms; fine corner; clears $200............ SSOO
24 rooms on Geary St.; clears $150 1900
25 rooms on Kearny s_; clears $150 1600
I .SELL AND EXCHANGE
BUSINESS PLACES. CITY AJST>.......
COUNTRY REAL ESTAT&-WHAT HAVH
YOU TO OFFER? ,
40 rooms; boarding-house.... $4000
Zt rooms on Market st noo
12 rooms on Post st.; In payments 850
12 rooms; clears $75 460
609 OTHERS— PRICES FROM $100 TO $25,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
CALL AND SEE ME— OFFICE OPEN
EVENINGS.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 MARKET ST.:
PHONE MINT 796.
SAMPLES ONLY. '¦
MARION GRIFFIN, 7_t Market, nr. Call Wdg.
11 rooms... $200 j 20 rooms.. $900 '8S rooms. .J3C00
11 rooms... 4O0J20 rooms.. 1200 76 rooms.. 4000
12 rooms... C00j24 rooms.. 1400 65 rooms.. 4500
13 rooms... S50 2C rooms.. 1650 63 rooms.. S500
12 rooms... 600 3s rooms.. 1800 63 rooms.. 8000
14 rooms... 250 30 rooms.. 2400 60 rooms.. 7000
17 rooms... 350 34 rooms.. 2650 60 rooms.. 3200
16 rooms... 800 27 rooms.. 2750 100 rooms.. 1500
18 rooms... 600 30 rooms.. 2500 CO rooms.. 7000
18 rooms... 475 40 rooms.. 3000 60 rooms.. E000
19 rooms... 700 40 rooms.. 4000 64 rooms.. SOOu
17 rooms... 900j43 rooms.. 3500 46 rooms.. SOUO
60 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $150 $3000
17 rooms; money-mfLker; near Market..... 1900
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.; extra... 950
15 rooms; Leavenworth: rent $57 B0.... 900
10 rooms. $450; 10 rooms, quick..... ..'850
20 rooms; detached; handsome yard, -*. .with
drive to bam and lease $10 month, leaving
rent only $65 month; clears $100 month; special
cnap. FISHER &. CO.. 1032 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st. "
14 rooms; Geary st. ; must n«ll....r..". $760
15 rooms; piano; rent $45; only..'..'. 850
31 rooms; elegant corner 1500
40 rooms; great bargain: a snap 1600
18 rooms; cheap rent: central .....900
46 rooms; rent $C0; ccrner 1100
....MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT....
17-ROOM2D house; a bargain...... ..$800
S6-roomed house; cheap.
19-roomed bouse .......$350
l8-rooroed house ..$600
EMERY & CO., 8 Eddy St.. room 1.
LARGEST list lodging-houses: good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. ECHWEINHARD,
rros. 1-2, 917 Market st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
$1100— «0 ROOMS: fine location; well furnished;
all rented; low rent. BASILE.' 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, cheap— Newly furnished 16- room
apartment house; permanently filled: must
'be sold owing to other business.' Call before
10 a. m. or after t p.'m. at 1157 Octavla kt.
KOR SALE— Rooming house. 11 rooms: cheap.
415 Powell st. ~^
A WEEK'S news for 6c— The Weekly. Call. .16
pacts. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 p*r year.
- :;*-^ : -A .:'-: ~SDPCATIOjr_X. ; -.' "-. ; '
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert | court reporter, teacher . of
shorthand, •• reportortal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping,. full course. , $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
:-¦;' S.' F.— Bookkeeping. v shorthand. ¦ typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English , branches, civil,
•lectrical and' mining engineering, etc. ; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, ', an accredited . preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building, i.v' v
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
: tlons : guaranteed to it by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
ATTENTION!— Tarr's pupils thorough . book-
keeping figures; short time; college graduates
perfected r expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
ENGINEERING, civil, eleo., minlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. ; eut. 1861.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
portera best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from $1 to $1000. at UNCLE HARRIS 1 ,
15 Grant *ve.
VISITING governess: English branches, piano
and bookkeeping; 60c a lesson. Box 747. Call.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing Bookkeep-
lng, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
TEACHERS' Agcy. A. McNiell.Mgr.,r. 81, Flood
bldg. ; high school, grammar, private teachers.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION: night class. 424 Pine st.
A-RITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. .nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est.
1870; practical recommend: try them; removed
to 419 Devlsadero; teL Fell 136. F. HAMAPA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI _ CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 526 O'Farrell st.; tel. Hyde 2191.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, 'Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California: phone James 2601.
OltPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. ,426 Powell, nr. Sutter; teL Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 4UH O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A NEAT German girl desires situation aa nurea
to grown children and light upstairs work;
good ref.; also a competent cook and house-
work girl wants a position, ref.; boarding-
house cock wants position. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. . , '
RESPECTABLE woman would like situation
at general housework In private family; kind
to children. 49 Shipley st.. bet Third and
Fourth. - ' _______
MIDDLE-AGED American woman, late, from
the East, wishes a position as working house-
keeper; country preferred; references. Box
1C41, Call office. ,
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wants situation
as working housekeeper -or light housework
In small family. 226ft Rltch St.. near Third
and Bryant. ¦ ' • ¦
WIDOW with a child wishes position as work-
Ing housekeeper. Address MRS. KITTIE
HICK. Colusa. Cat.
EKPERIENCED nurse for child or Invalid.
Call at 929 Pine st.
NEAT girl wishes position In general house-
| work. Apply at 175A Shipley st. . ¦•
WOMAN wishes situation, city or short ways
in country; $S to $10 per month, 267 Minna
street.
WOMAN wants work by the day* week or.j
month: needs work badly. 245 Natoma St.,
room 11. ¦¦_
WANTED— Position by & Swedish girl to do
housework or cooking. Call 177 Perry st.
WOMAN wants position to do housecleanlng or
washing by the day; wages $10. 650 Mission.
YOUNO girl wishea position to do second work
in private family; $18. to $20. 115 Taylor st.
WORKING housekeeper wants a position
man; neat and steady.-. MRS. YOUNG, 1640
Market tt. S ; ¦ '
WANTED— By an American woman, situation
. as working housekeeper; wages 10 to 15 per
month. Address for one week box 1036, Call.
YOUNG lady wishes position as day clerk In
a hotel. 14 Eureka st. ' ' ' .
NEAT German girl wishes housework in Ger-
man family. Call 1421 Mission st.
WOMAN wishes a place to do light housework
or will care for children In the city. Please
call at 230 Minna st.
A PROTESTANT woman, flrst-class American
cook, clean and careful; small private family;
wages $3 per week; reference. 770 Harrison st.
CONSCIENTIOUS German . woman with some
experience wishes to do nursing In confine-
ment cases: references. Box 1040. Call of flee.
EXPERIENCED German girl wants place for
cooking or housework; wages $20 to $25. Ad-
dress box 1045, Call office. - ¦ '
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to assist in
housework ; call after 10. Mission, cor. 6th.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing and
housecleaning, $1 a day and car fare. Call
or address A. AV.. B93 Aeh ave.-
GIRL wants a nice place to take care of a
child. Please call at 33 Juniper Bt
ELDERLY lady would like to obtain a position
in a first-class family to take charge of linen
and sewing or a position as housekeeper in a
widower's family where there are 1 or 2 chll- i
•dren. Address 154 Golden Gate ave., In the
basement.
A CONSCIENTIOUS, experienced lady from the
East wants care -* Invalid lady or child; con-
versant with several languages; willing to
travel; can make herself useful In many ways;
references exchanged. Address Nurse, 602
Fourteenth St.. Oakland. . ¦' .
WANTED-By man artd wife, employment in a
country hotel or to take charge of a mining
boarding-house. Box 942, Call office.
A YOUNG woman lately from the East wants
a position as housekeeper; only those meaning
business need answer. Box 1005, ' Call of flee.
MIDDLE-AOED lady wants a place to do light
housework; is a competent nurse, or would
like to take care ot a child. Box 1008. CalL
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket-200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night. $1 60 to $S
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bu»
and baggage to and from ferry. -
BORROW money of the respectable and" rell-\-
"ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce.2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
A GERMAN man and wife; 4 years last place.
Apply MRS. NORTON, Swedish and German
Employment Bureau, 313 Sutter St.
RELIABLE middle-aged man wishes position
In butcher shop or hotel: willing to assist in
kitchen; has had experience-. Box 1038, Call.
FIRST-CLASS baxber desires a good locality to
open shop; also willing ¦ to , take charge of
barber shop. Box 1037. Call. '
GARDENER. understands hothouses, etc..
wishes place. Address box 1047. Call office.
A YOUNG American, desiring to attend school,
will do house or other work for room and
meals. C. P.. box 1050. Call office.
A DANISH man and wife; the man good farmT
~er, and blacksmith by trade; wife Is good
housekeeper. 8. ¦ ' C. - PETERSON, < Tremont
House, 628 'Kearny st. • ¦ . ¦
YOUNG man, : student, desires employment
forenoons and ; evenings for board and : room.
Box 1031. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS carriage blacksmith wishes a
; situation. S23 Kearny. st. , . ,
BOOKKEEPER 'and expert accountant ; Is de-
sirous of bettering his position; Is thoroughly
competent and ¦ reliable ; * a good office - man-
ager: Al references. Address Accountant, box
975, Call office. . "
AN- elderly '. man/- who ; Is carpenter and cau
do farm . work and milk wants work on a
chicken ranch; ' city references. ,'. L. J., 4Sh
Fifth St., room 14. . -
A SOBER, Industrious young man desires a po-
sition; night work preferred; some experience
as bartender; -also handy, with tools; refer-
ences. ; Box 991, Call office. ¦ : ; .-.:.'
WANTED— Position as foreman in planing
' mill; - 8 years , in last place; • understands all
branches ;' would ' go In ¦., country. Address
•vbox 959. Call of flee, i . ?/'¦-, ¦- " '; -'. ¦..*%->?; -^
. SALESMAN } wonts position In ' country : store;
best.- of city- references;: has been 15 years in
the' la«<t .two situations. ; . Address . Box 951,"
Call office. ;--¦:--- •¦-..:• ¦
$100,000 TO: Wan on diamonds, ; watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos,; guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave. v , ;> ". .'..-,'-.- :-¦."-¦'¦¦• -¦;
IN- grocery or general merchandise store, by
« young man;; speaks English and -German; In
/city. or country. Address box 828.' Call, office.
A PRACTICAL, . up-to-date machinist : and tool-
maker desires to 'take charge of manufactur-'
... ;; Ing plant. , Box 989, Call office. ; j^V z \- . v'
GOOD : middle-aged I hotel ' waiter destres steady
- position. Address . H." KIEHL,'" New 'Atlantic
Hotel, . 207 Montgomery : ave. . g»B
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MONEY loaned on lodging-houses, 1V4 - p. c. ;
. anything you want In lodging-houses; s'mpls:
6 rooms on Turk st....;..rent $27.. Price... $309
7 rooms on Larkln st rent $40. . Price. .. $450
10 rooms on Taylor st rent $40.. Price... $550
U rooms on O'Farrell st..rent $50.. Price... $550
12 rooms on Mason st rent $35. .Price... $259
IB rooms on O'Farrell St.. rent $65.. Price... 1750
15 rooms on Turk st rent $65. .Price... $800
16 rooms on Howard St.. ..rent $25.. Price... $750
17 rooms on Taylor st rent $80.. Price.. .$1475
19 rooms on Taylor St. ....rent $75.. Price. ..$1250
24 rooms on Leav. St.. ...rent $125.. Price.. .$1900
35 rooms, nets $100 .rent $80.. Price... $S0O
Z7 rooms on Powell _t....rent $175. .Price.. .$1900
44 rooms on Market st... rent $175.. Price. ..$2400
More money wanted to loan on lodging-
bouses on 1-3 value at 1 per cent up ;
gilt-edge security; no expense to lender.
For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY, 918 Market St.; phone Black 5215.
85 ROOMS: central: rent $80; price $800: net ln-
j come $100. WILLEY. 916 Market Bt.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
•end to SPAULDING'8 Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. S53-3C7 Tehama at.; tel> South 40.
STANDARD, SIS Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 25c per pair; carpets cleaned.
»o yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 108.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c
STRATTON'S. 8 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 401 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN*S Carpet-Beating Works, 3S3 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone Eaat 126.
CARRIAGES AA'D WAGONS.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single.' also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
GOOD strong business buggy; also Giant punch
and shears. 1370 Turk st. - ¦-¦'¦¦
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FAHNHAM, world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
eults, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; cirs. Sun., Wed., Fri. ev's.
Come and be convinced. Permanently located
E13 Eddy at-, bet. Hyde and Larkln ;, no sign.
MRS. STODDARD'S truly convincing seances,
10c; Tues., Thurs., Sunday, 8 p. m. " 278 Ninth
st.; sittings. ,
Si ME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 605 McAllister st.; 10c; come, skeptics.
TO-NIGHT. Mrs. Bird's circle, tests to all; 23S
Taylor; also Thur. and Sun. eve.; read, dally.
MRS. HARLAXD'S circle to-night; beat tests;
Jewels read; 10c; eittlugs BOc. $1. 148 Sixth.
C. V. MILLER'S trumpet, materializing seance,
8 p. m., 50o. 10S4 Bush St.. nr. Leavenworth.
MRS. LESTER — Readings dally; circle every
eve., 10c, except Wed., devel. circle. 222 Turk.
EAKLE, 305 Taylor St., corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
C. Mayo-Steers. 112H Oak, trance medium;
readings, $1; hours, 1-6 p. m.; teL Howard 537.
FRIENDSHIP Hall 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings daily; tests to all to-night; 10c.
| MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MMB. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS «
Clairvoyant and Business Medium, .
Is permanently located at 17 Third 6t., next
the Examiner. She reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur In the future.
Valuable Advice In All Affairs of Life.
If you have any anxiety about affairs of any
kind consult this great medium and you will
make no mistake. Full life reading by mall;
send stamp for terms; 25o up; perfect satisfac-
tion guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket 6t.. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 15 years' experience; her knowledge of the
unseen forces is Invaluable to professional and
business men, to wives and lovers: follow her
advice and you will make no ' mistake, 1104
Market St., corner Mason, room 2S. .
A— Mrs. Dr. Saylor, .Queen of clairvoyants and
palmists; Important advice on mining specula-
tion, business, law; evil Influence removed;
fe« 60c, mall ft, 1511»4 Market, opp. Van Ness.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, bprn with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 60c,
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit., $1 50. 126 .Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to S p. m.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth Ft., room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral peychometrist, palm-
ist and card reading, 25c. 1241% Market st.
MME. LAROSE, clairvoyant, card reader; best
advice, 25c up. 472 Stevenson at., cor Sixth.
MRS. BROWN, scientific card reader; readings
dally. 103 Fifth et.. room 2. "__^ j
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader. 11 Sixth St.; German spoken.
MRS. _L M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. Z15 Kearny St., rooms 8-10. -.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MME. ECHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448% Jessie st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
BORROW on diamonds: secrecy: private en-
trance: private rooms. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant.
COLLECTION OFFICES. ¦.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE — 6 rooms, bath and basement; hot
and cold water; yard; garden. 811% Golden
Gate ave., opposite Jefferson Square. Rent
$20 only. ••' . .¦• '
TWENTY- FIFTH, 3335 — Cottage, 3 rooms; large
yard: rent $8. -
DENTIJJTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 803 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 1
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 day« on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, EOc; plates.
$5, full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth. st
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, : bridges
and fill ings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'F_rrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, .nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting, 60c j gas given. '
THE New York Dentists have moved to MS
Mission st., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive. painless extraction, 60c.
A. L. SIMPSON. D.D. a. 1106 Market St.— Ex-
pert tooth extractor; crown and brldgework.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth,- $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25o.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.,' corner Sixth. .
BET of teeth without plates. ' DR. " H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. "
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut: evening class. 1019 Market et. '
ACCORDION pleating factory: air kinds pleat-
ing.pinking.' 121 Post, overO' Connor & Moffatu
EDUCATIONAL.:
LEGE. 1236 Market St.; Individual instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.- " •
ALL students but two taking full course, this
year got positions.. BAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market Bt. .
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
: and evening;' $8 per 'month; $50 -life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete' business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 6 months; catalogue free. " .
BOOKKEEPING or .shorthand: Pitman . sys-
tem; private lessons by an experienced teach-
- er. M. W. CORNELL, 128 ICcarny st..' r. ji:
FRENCH. Spanish. etc.Prof.DeFllippe'sAcademr
of languages, S20 Post; estab'd 1871; ablest profs.Colonel Richard Malcolm Johnston tells
a story of an eminent Georgian, Walter T.
Colquitt, who was a judge by day, a di
vine at night and a good deal of a man all
the time. "While serving as a judge ort
the Chattahoochee Circuit, Colquitt was
returning one evening from church In
company witk several members of the
bar. "Well," said he, "my experience to
day has been varied. I held court In the*
forencon. In the Interval for dinner made
a political speech in the courthouse
square, held court in the afternoon, after
adjourning whipped a Whig who made in
sulting remarks in my presence about my
noon speech, and preached to-night."—
New York Tribune.
An Eminent Georgian.
DETROIT, Jan. 7.— After aft impressive
funeral .service had been conducted , over
the remains of Bishop W. X. Nlnde of the
Methodist . Episcopal church at his late
residence to-day, the . body was removed
to the Central Methodist ..Episcopal
Church, where it lay in state from ; 10:30
until ¦.12:30,* while a continuous procession
of people passed slowly by and looked for
the last time upon the deceased Bishop.
At 2 o'clock the funeral services proper
were begun in the church. Rev. Dr. .Jo
seph F. Perry of Chicago read the first
scriptural lesson. Rerv. James F. Potts of
Detroit offered prayer. Rev. Manley S.
Hard of Chicago read the second scrip
tural lesson. Three of Bishop Nlnde's
brothers in the bishopric. Bishop Walden
of : Cincinnati, Bishop: Andrews, of ; New
York and Bishop Joyce of • Minneapolis,
delivered eulogies. The remains were taken
to i Elmwood Cemetery and ' temporarily
placed in a vault. The place of final.In
terment'will not" be decided until after
the : return of Frederick : Ninde . and Miaa
Mary Ninde from Florida. .
IMPRESSIVE FUNERAL OVER
BISHOP NINDE'S REMAINS
City and County of San Francisco to Wil
liam J. Hocking, Laura R. Smith. Lulu S.
Hornune, Frank J. Wight and May S. Smythe.
lot on N line of Pine street. 160 W of Larkin.
W 40 by N 137:8; $ .
- Same to Mercedes Oramas, lot on 8 line of
Sacramento street, 100 W of Larkin. W 27:6 by
a us; j_^_.
Daniel Buckley to Charles Blacb, lot . on S
line- of Ellis street, 150:6 E of Buchanan. E 23
by S 110. quitclaim deed: $1.
Caymus Investment Company (a corporation)
to- Andrew Chrlstenson, -lot on N line of Va
llejo street, 73 E of FUlmore. E 32 by N 137:8;
JIO.
Estate of Elizabeth E. Clark (by Robert T.
Van Norden, administrator) to Louisa, and
Charles Haemaler. undivided half of lot on 9
line of Halght street. 156:3 W of Fillmore. W SO
by S 120; $5000.
Robert C. Clark to same, undivided half of
' City and County of San Francisco to David
Edwards lot on S'llne of Oak street, 1W:3 W
of Pierce. W 60 by S 137:8; I .
Andrew L. and Arrle L. Edwards to James
Mearns. lot on W line of Cole street. IIS S ot
Page, N 25 by W 106:3; J10.
City and County of San Francisco to Henry
E Bothln. 16t on NW line of Mission street,
100 NE of Tenth. NE 30 by NW 87:8: I .
Edmund L.. Mary J., Ferd F. and Mary A.
Koch 'and Phtlllppena Schew or Phelopena
Scheu to John Pforr. lot on SE line of Mission
street 175 NK of Sixth. NE 45 by SE $30; JIO.
Estate of Daniel Swett (by Sarah F. Ewett.
executrix) to A. Schleslnger, lot en SW corner
of Fifth and Folsom streets, SE OT by SW 75;
S2.">,W0. . . ...
, Parah F. Swpttto same,' lot on SW corner of
Fifth and Folsom streets, SE 50 by SW "3,
miitelalm deed; $10. ¦ . - .
Willarrt V. and Marie L. Huntlngton to Cath
erine Murray, lot on E line of Seventeenth ave
nue. 175 S of A street, S 25 by E 13>; Jlrt.
llenrv.B. 'and May S. Pasmore to Edwla 1L
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Leopold Kelfer (bankrupt, by C. O. Wllcox.
trustee) to Bertha M. Newcomb (married), lot
40, block 34. Sannystde: SlO. -
Estate of David L. Farnsworth (by Fannffc P.
Farnsworth (executrix) to T. Paterson Ross,
lot on S line of Sunset avenue. 20.13 E of Bv
fleld Tract. S 105.25. E 29.79, N 109.94. W jn.15.
portions of lots 1 to a. block H. Sunset Heights;
I1M0.
Marie A. D. Narjot (wife of ErneatJ to Mar
garet DcJy (wife of John), lot on 8 line of
Thrift street. 200 "W of Plymouth. W 200 by S
123. block V. Railroad Homestead: tV*.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Tim
othy and Mary Sullivan. lot on W llru» of Cas
tro street. 78:6 S of States. 9 25 by W 100. block
15. Flint Tract Homestead: $11W.
Bacon. lot on E line of Forty-ninth avenue,
113:6 S of J street. S 30 by B 130; tS20.
Isaac B. Price to Mary E. Price (wife). lot
250. Heyman Tract; gift.
J Loeb. Williams
H T Adler. Cal
M T Cochrane. S Raf
J McDonnell, Menlo
L Tozer, Sacto
R C DtckSon. ' Olema
TD Newton & w, Sac
Miss McCahn, Alvlso
W E Moldrup.Alameda
C George.' San Jose ¦
R G McFarland, Mtreal
G Hughes, Cal
J Smith. Cal
H Ralph, -ChI *
R- Jones, Cal
W W Rich. Minn "
H W Vance & w. Cal
L Obermeler, Seattle
G T Smellln, Tucson
B H Vincent. Fresno ,
Mrs G Smith. ¦ Mexico ,
J B Mullan, Portland
G Matheral, Visalia «
G Metheral. Vinalla '
Mrs M Kahn, .Bksfleld
G P •'Wells, Dawsom;
W S i Keene. England*.
H Edwards, Vancouver
P J. Chick, -Vancouver
W. I H-Lubbe. Stanfd
A A Pfntecost &" w;
. Tacoma .
8 Brown, Vallejo
Miss Brown. Vallejo •
W G Peterson & w.Cal
Mrs Lawrence, Portlnd
A C Lajcrenc«v Portlnd
G Jessen, Watsonvllle
J M Hale & w, L An*
H - H Atkinson. Stanfd
F Treskoy. Crockett
E C Hart & w, Sacto
L Frledburger. Cal r ¦
G W Towle. Towle
G G Towle, Towle
J Reynolds, San Jose
W H Rudolph & w, NT
J W Ha maker. Or
N L Morrison,- Standfd
6? I^arkin, Troy .- ;
K Cox & f y, Sacto
N Sknlner, NY >
W T Warner & w.Nebr
O E We. US N
J . L Knowles; Plttsbrg
P F.Erb fc.w. Texas
Mrs C H Allen, Cal
Mrs "A E Braden. .Cat
Miss Braden. Cal .
L IXi Pbnt Syle, Herkly
J L Braham, Antioch
E B Salstlj, Cal
L'Hall, Stanford
D ' S FJ.*h. LI vermore
Dr L E C^osiC Stktn
A. J LrtrSen, IjoJt
W K Reed, Menlo Prk
GRAND HOTEL.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
3 Moran. Vallejo
L D Sarod, Sulsun . •
T Foster, ,N Mex
W. P Rogers, N Mex
A Dinderberg. Mt Eden
Mrs E Hazelbrlgg, Ind
A Woodward & w, Cal
T Reese & w, Mont
EG McDonald. Seattle
Miss McDonald, SeatUe
P Hicks. Toronto > -
Mrs J J Mulcahy, B C
J Sheperd, Honolulu ;
J Pool, Honolulu ,
W P Weger & fy.Spck
A Valhon & w, New
Westminster -
A Holmes, Butte
G Batchelder, R I
J Smith, Manila
J O Scotch. Ohio
J Chrlstenson, NY
F Nuhoy. Texas ¦
H Deitrik. Texas
M Browler, Boston
J S Wallace. Texas
J F Brower. Texas
C Rosenthal, Nome
A A Miller. Nome
E J Whitehead. Nome
A F Plantz. Milwaukee
Miss L Silvia, 8 Rosa
Miss M Silvia. S Rosa
• ¦•• ¦
PALACE HOTEL.
J Penaluna, Redding
H B Wood, San Jose_
Mrs Wood, San Jose .
R Golden, Maine ¦ .
R N Ellis, Hanford
C F. Phillips. St Paul
J Sawyer Jr. N Y
Dr G W Betts, Ohio
G W Lu8?on. N Y ' ¦
A B Shoemaker, Cal
F H Yost, Stanford
F H Buck & w. Vacav
C T Brooks. Boston ¦
W M Edwards, Chicago
E Howe. Salt Lake> i
J Gastlneau, Alhamhra
G B Davis, US A
FH Hayes, NT
T Sharp Jr. Or
G S Lone, Texas
A Levy. St Joseph
Mrs A H Culver, N T
Mrs E H Terry. N Y
C W Smith, N T
E Dinkelsplel, Bksfield
Mrs L L Baker. Ross,
J -E Bourke, Chicago
H H Yerrington. Stdfd
rfjoslyn, Seattle
N S Johnson & w, Cal
C S KempVf, U S N
M Kjelsberg, Chicago
A Rosencrantz, Chicago
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
transport Ingalls, from San. Juan, Porto
Rico, December 27 and Havana January
1, reached thld port to-day after a very
tempestuous voyape. For forty hours the
vessel was buffeted by enormous sea^
stirred by high winds first from the north
and later from the northeast and east.
Doors and portllffhts were smashed, lad
ders were Droken and the bridge was
damaged. The hand-steering' gear was
carried away nnd the saloon and dining
saloon were flooded, the furniture being
broken or ruined. The special apartment
on the upper deck aft was also wrecked.
Many times during the storm it seemed
as though the Ingalls must be lost. The
pumps got out of order and refused to
work in the afterhold. A bucket brigade
was organized and worked steadily ball-
Ing out the water. Some of the barrels
in the hold broke away from their fasten
ing, and beinqr broken spilled their con
tents and choked the bilge hold so that
the pumps cou\d not wbrk. The Ingalls
was formerly known as the Clearwater.
She was built to carry fruit from Hon
duras to New Orleans and is a very. fast
boat.
Damaged by Heavy Seas the Pumps
Become Choked and a Bucket
Brigade Is Formed.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.-The United States
TRANSPORT INGAIXS IS
NEABLY •WRECKED AT SEA
If the Mouse bill is passed in the Senate and
becomes a law It is rate to expect that an
agreement can be made with Oreat Britain
as favorable at least to the United States as
that contained In the. Hay-Pauncefote treaty,
as amended after the House bill is enacted.
This explanation is not based upon any sup
posed want of power or of will In that great
empire to maintain what she considers a Just
or advantageous position, nor yet upon her
magnanimity, for that Wo do not ask, but upon
the'fact that the ean&t -when built will be of
Incalculable value ;.tffrall her North and Cen
tral American possessions, and that she can
never realize these without the
consent and assistance of the United States.
Neither can Great Britain or any combination
of powers construct and maintain a canal at
Panama without our consent. •
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— Senator Mor
gan to-day presented part IV of the report
of the Senate Comihittee on.Interoceanic
Canals on the project- of an Isthmian
waterway. It la chiefly Interesting In be
ing a reafflrmation that the House bill
now. pending in the Senate, providing for
the construction of the Nicaragua canal,
"furnished the true, safe and honorable
method of dealing, with the rights, power
and duties with an isthmian canal." The
report says: . ¦ \
Each new development of facts; each ap
parent change ' of diplomatic situations; each
lapse of concessions made to our citizens by
Nicaragua during half a century; each pur
gestlon or overture for a Joint control of the
canal by other governments in connection with
the United States; each effort to lodge the
.ownership and control of ' this canal in cor
porate bodies instead cf the United States;
each obstruction that was presented, whether
openly or secretly, by competitive lines of
transportation or by speculative enterprises
chartered by States for the- purpose of prevent
ing the United States from executing its settled
policy of the exclusive ownership and control
of a canal • through the isthmns of Darlen,
has the more firmly convinced your committee
that the provisions of. House bill 253S are the
Just, safe, true and honorable method of pro
viding this maritime highway for all the na
tions of the world.
It is needless that any government, corpora
tion or combination of individuals should at
tempt to divert the United States from lta
fixed policy as to the ownership and control
of such a canal and that element of discussion
Is dropped, i Neither 1p It necessary to con
sider any route for a canal besides those of
Panama and Nicaragua, the search for any
other rout9 having demonstrated that only
these routes are practicable.
The report then treats the Nicaragua
route" as the one "selected finally," stat
ing that the/ decisive vote in the House— i
225 to {^-determines the location "so that
it remains only to vindicate that decision
against the pretensions of the Panama ;
route."
The report then argues In detail on the
advantages of the Nicaragua route over
any others. It sets forth what is stated
to be "conclusive proof of the fatal defect
of the Panama route," the complications
in the way of having the United States
take up the Panama route, etc. After re
ferring to evidence given by Panama
canal officials, the report continues:
The ptatement made on that hearing dis
closes the animus of these parties in seeking a
hearing before the committee and in its (Pan
ama Canal Company's) plan of obstruction In
an unmistakable way. It Is not to obtain aid
from the United States. That idea Is dis
dainfully repelled. It Is not to aid the United
States to construct, own and control a canal
at Panama.
These hearings and. reports In connection
with the letters written by Mr. Cromwell lead
to the unavoidable conclusion that the new
Panama Canal Company Is still endeavoring to
defeat a canal through Costa Rica and Nica
ragua, as It was in 1S93.
Morgan Eets forth seven headings in the
"plan to secure delay," including the com
plications on the' Hay-Pauncefote treaty.
He says:
No excuse remains for delaying the action of
Congress, either to gratify the new Panama
Canal Company or to dally with any other
power in negotiations over a measure that <n
ters deeply Into our national financial policy
and wm shape the action of our Government
and people in a great many other Important
matters that concern them. This la a great
and controlling measure of public expenditure
which Is now safely within our means and
Congress should now determine that It will
provide a law to sanction it of else that it
is not worthy of consideration and abandon It.
Says Pending House Measure Pro
vides the Safe and Honorable
Way of Dealing With . i
the Work.
Presents Report of Committee
on Isthmian Water
way.
MORGAN UPHOLDS
THE CANAL BILL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY,/ JANUARY 8, 1901.
11
A. A. SPARKS,
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 35, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, 430 Califor-
nia street. Ean Francisco, on January 10, 1901.'
" Transfer books close January 3, 1901, at noon.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 23 (thirty
cents per share) of tha Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St., on and after
Thursday, January 10. 1901. • Transfer books
closed Thursday, January 3, 1901, at S o'clock
P- tn. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIED.
JACKSON— RODGERS— In this city, at the
Archbl6hop"s residence, by the Rev. P. t.
Mulligan, Charles W. Jackson of Famoso,
Cal., and Mary Lillian Rodgers. daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Rodgers of this city.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Le*T» Market-Street Ferry Depot
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran. 7:20 a 9:00 a S:0Op <:S)p
Ar. Stockton . 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p l:lSa
" Fresno... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford. 4:12 p J:27 p 7:0« a
" Visalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare... 4:57 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld . «:50p S:20p 7:. 10 a
" Kan. City 2:41 a 7:39 a
" Chicago 8:15 p 3:00 p
a for mornlnj. p fir afternoon.
»:00 a. m. train la the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeplnz Cars and Dlnin*
Can through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at .".",; p. m. daily.
4:20 p. tn. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives 11:03 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is tha Overlanl Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleeper* and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cut» out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:S3 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Baken>fleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaqulrj Valley. Cor«
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — S41 Market street and ln Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 111S Broadway. Oak-
land.
On the Santa Fe
you can travel with speed as well as
comfort from San Francisco to Chi-
cago in 75 hours. Leaves every morn-
ing at 9 o'clock.
California
Limited
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and return,
(I 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. 621 Market St.. Saugallto F«rry.
Leaves Baa Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEErTDAY8....»:15 a, m.{ 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDATS. ......8:00, 10;0O. ll:S0 and 1:15 p. m.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
81 pep Year*
THE WEEKLY CALL
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAB.VT ST. Established
In 1S34 for the treatment of Privata
Diseases, Lost Man Hood. Deblll tjr or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcnres when
others fall. Try him. Charges l«w.
Cnrricnirmitrril. C»!l or write.
a>r. J. f. «lBBO.\,B»n Frandaco. Cal.
Russia Intends to Increase the number
of her troops on the German and Aus-
trian boundaries to 300.000 men.
n and 29 Flfth.st., Tel.' South 1ST. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EKBALMER3.
Finest' Equipment at 'Moderate* Rates. •
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
.' . (Successor to Flannagan' & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL1IERS..
I 20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln . School.
i . . Telephone South 80. _- - '
HENRY «I. GALLAGHER CO.
OIL.
WAN-TED— Three reliable men aa promoters
ana erectors in new oil company; land al-
ready secured; positively oil bearing; prop-
cyriPESTAL Exploration Company buys, de-
velops, exploit, and eelU oil lands; has except
*i° ™^ V^ lre " ror fecur lng Eastern capital
i? »T iAt-«Mi^ 0m = raunicaUon9 confidential.
F. H. HAISMAK. Sec., room Z2. Mills bldg.
"n?. 11 ™',* 0 ? 8 fcr ">te'2<-2S-27 Kern River
OU District; a. grand chance for a company if
taken Immediately. J. s. EWEN 10 Ca.ll-
fomla et.. room l. San Francisco. Cal.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
t-ountry correspondence solicited.
WAXTETk— 3000 shares of the Occidental Oil Co
? ™. ** v inrtnla stock. Address, stating
lowest b'.fl. bcx 1025. Call office.
WILL **U Tor »2:.O 5000 non-as;>»ssable shares ln
Food ojl company: b»st lo'-attin; Fresno Co.;
__2 r 2ii? r!g ou *flt ordered. Box ?56. Call office.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River: proven territory : line of R. R.
_Newrcn. Carrr.rn & Somes, r. 104. Chronicle.
PAINTF-RS AN D DECORATORS.
Wail paper. t\:t.c'w efcades; rooms papered ft
up. Jer.sen A- Bath. 80S Sixth et.; open evenings.
PALMISTRY.
•-»— . ¦ , , ,l'..
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. *cl»ntme palmist, 615
Taylor tt.. bet. O<8.ry and Poet; teL Black Ml.
i'ATi;\lS AND Pl.NSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unles« eeccessful
GEO. P. CAMPBELU Lawyer. Examiner big!
PERSONALS.
IF ALBERT EL6ET CARVER, who wX»~re^
elding in and near Vancouver, British Co-
lumbia, during the years 1£S1 . to 1895. and
iJwrran! in California, and was last beard
of in Eonora. Ca lavtns County. In California,
about June, im, will apply to the under-
flgr.ed he will hear of something to his ad-
vantage. WELLS & HIND, solicitors, Not-
tlnghani. Eng.
- *¦ GENTLEMAN, it years, would like to cor-
mposd with lafly; object matrimony. Ad-
flres? box 103 1. Call office.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 732,
made to order, renovated; honest work ruar-
enteed; feathers and hair cleansed; fine uphol-
tttXTi goods carefully packed for shipment or
fTorage. HOPKE BROS.. SIS and £20 11th et
ELECTRIC light ln every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third rt., near Market: 700 rooms;
25o to tl BO per r.lght; Jl 59 to SS per week;
free 'bus and barrage to and from the ferry-
BurwSuous Hair removfJ with electric needle;
electric roller facial treatment for wrinkles j
ell branches taught. Miss Eaton. 1113 Sutter.
I? OR $S"V>0 to loan on diamonds, sealskins, ell-
Trniare, all valuables. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Orant >n.
FINE eu!ts, |l?; drew panta, $2 71 MISFIT
JCLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery »t
A— S3 50 DFTRBT and Fedora bats. Jl 75. Popu-
lar Pri'-e Hatters. ZZO Kearny et.. near Pine.
BUITS to crder on Installments; 115 upward; fl
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market «t. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
TTEITE ejiair.el iron beds, single, three-quarter
or OocOO*. $2 £5. EASTERN OUTFITTINa
CO.. ::i5-lS13 Btodctoa et. near Broadway.
PRIVATE detaefiv* •work; rvasonabl* rates; 13
rears' «xperte=,oa. J. B. RAT. tS7 Jessie at
£t1TS to orter ca ea*y payments. Art Tailor-
ir.g Co.. 1644 Mkt. nager Bt Klcholas HoteL
ALFREDU3IS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to lta natural color; tl; at ail drugglcts.
MASQUERADE coetusaes, pl«.y books, wire;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 783 Mkt
DR. LAJIOTTB'8 French Com Paint, tha beat
corn care; t5c; all druggists.
PHYSICIAXS AXD SCRGEOXS.
DR. C. C. ODONNELL— Office and residence,
1C21H Market et, between Sixth aad Seventh,
PARALYSIS, rheumatism, asthma effectually
rured. DR. J. H. REEVE. S6^ Kearny st
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR BALES.
PHRCMPTORT order to sail by nrri- resident:
4 lots ln Richmond that cost SSSO each at tha
give-away price of J125 each: they are at-
efssei at almost Cffufcle the price acked; Cali-
fornia. Title Insurance tad Trust Co. will
rrant certificate. W. J. GCNiL £20 Califor-
nia «t.
THE choicest lots in Richmond wltb. all street
work done end ready for building offered at
very low jrlccs: a few eteps from the cable
end eJectrlo cars, not far out; I can arrange
tar e»*y payments; i«t» your money ln this
•way and get your home. W. J. GCXN, 630
- California, st.. bet Montgomery aad Keeray.
TWO ntre homes la Richmond; not far out:
all etreet work done: within 100 feet of the
f.t-ctric cars; B rooms and bath; lot fix.
12 r \ WM: « rooms mn& bathroom, lot 25x120;
V'l'. I can Brrarge for easy terms the came
f-s paying rent; both axe bargains. W. J.
rrCKJ*. tr> California at., between ilontgom-
ery an3 Kearny.
IF you have property north of the Park and
jxu with to sell quickly, then call oa - W. J.
CCKX. £30 California et.
FP.KSIPIO HEIGHTS. ' '
6UNNT CORNER.
FINE VIEW.
NE. cor. Clay and Locust sts.. S blockj west
cf Central ave.. cne block from doubla track car
¦ir.<> on Sacramento st. : lot "5:6 front by 127:8 ft
cet-p: large, fine lawn; very solid and conve-
T.:e:tt house of 34 rocrr.i; the first floor Is built
In rock and cement; fine neighbors; price only
13.000; easy terme.
TIIOS. MAGEE & SONP. E Montgomery st
WANTED— City indorse property and park lota.
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. SO Kearny st
HOUSE and let for eal» at a sacrifice; account
<-f (irramire. ICTi Heft rt.
Iir.U, ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
>T $41^. p^r acre — SSO ar-rep; nearly sjl tillable:
H aer*» perfect Randan eotl: sortie timber:
best vatcrM ranch In the county; good and
c-.mplpte »wt of buildings; unequaled loca-
Ji'm for roadside hou^e. hotel, etc.. If so
d'-sirxvl: If* an exceptional opportunity: take
my advice; drn-t dr-lay. N. D. SICKELS—
th*> LAND AGENT. € <>ary Ft.
f-AXTA CLARA Velley home* at f«0 an tere:
rich l«>v*| fruit and vino land at San Martin
FTstion; new drpct: $5000 school; terms one-
third fBfh. balance installments or term of
l-ear* to ru'A rurchapor; fueh chance unheard
*f %Wnr»: don't he»itnt»: write for catalogue.
WiV)?TER & WHITTOX, Ran Joee. Cal.
FOR RENT, FALE on EXCHANGE— One of
the fir>*«?t ftock. hay and grain ranches ln
Lake County: 4 barns, horses, furniture and
Implement* <-omplete. J. H. FIEGE. 38 East
«t.. San FranclRco.
CALL on MARION GRIFFIN. 71J Market rt.
for circulars of farms and city property.
BARGAIN'S ln country real estate, sale or ex-
rhar.tr*. ANDREW PRTCE & CO.. 30 Kearny.
_ RANCH TO LET. ~
NEAR Haywanis, 10 acres; well improved;
rc»h rert. SP2S Flxteenth Bt. city.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
1250 CAKH. IIS monthly— A model home; new
"lVk-story house of 6 rooms; porcelain bath;
plenty of closets: lovely, large, complete pan-
try: in fact, everything Is up to date: the lo-
cation is charming; Al soil/and superb cli-
mate; dtj- water: eewer; afbout 9 minutes'
easy walktng from local steam cars; 1 square
from elertrlc car line and close to a high-
grade public grammar school; neighborhood
well Bawttrcd: adjoining East Oakland; price
all told, tlTW; call or Bend for circular. 456
Seventh et, Oakland, Broadway station: "car-
riage free. H. Z. JONE8. owner.
li'.s*— A fiMALL borne of 4 rooms and bath; must
be fold: 2»th et.. near Telegraph ave,: 25x100. i
A. 3. 6NTPER & CO.. Real Estate. 4«7 Ninth
ft.. Oakland. Cal.
VUi—i ROOMS: 23x100; must b« said. A. J.
FNTDFR » fO ««7 Vir.th «t.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FCRXITCRB FOR SALS.
AN introduction to you from H. SchellhaasTth*
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR llOl'SKKIllll'fVG.
CIOHTII. UB — Front suite of rooms Hurt
k'.tcher.; furnished for housekeeping; bath.
FELL. 2r,S — Newly furnished rooms for bouse-
kt-trpirs.
riiEMONT. S&4— Uousekeeplng. furnished or
unrurnlFhed; also- fcingle and double rooms
for gentlemen. '
HV£>E» 40&— Sunny front parlor suite. $25; also
*-jite suitable for 3. >20; basement tulte. 112.
HOWARD. 1546— Large front bay-window, with
or without use of . kitchen and bath.
LATIKIN. £04— Two back rooms, furnished for
housekeeping. Ill; double room. St.
&5AR.KET. 165K. opp. 10th— Large sunny front
alcove, $"'•; aJ*o plngle, SK.
MARTHA place, 3, off Geary, near Mason— 2
eunny roome; convenient; reasonable.
ROOMS FOR HOPSEKKEPUfG.
MINNA, M6— Furnished " rootna for housekeep-
lng; large yard.
OAK. 51— Front sunny room: running water
and gu«.
OAK. 119— One very sunny room, furnished for
housekeeping; Btove. closet, water; $S.
POLK. 717. near Eddy— Two furnished light
houeekreping rooms, $£L
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
EUbscrlptlons has been established at IMS
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS TO LET — Knrn. and lufurn.
•AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Beat dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms SCc up; first -class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to II per night; Jl to 55 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
ASH ave., 12, off Larkin— Sunny front bay-
window room nicely furnished: gentlemen
, preferred.
BUCHANAN, 606— A few furnished room*, en
culte or single; all newly furnished.
BURNETT. 1CX Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rzns.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. £20 (The Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
rms: day. 25c up; wk.. $1 M up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
"CLINTON." 17 Polk. nr. Mkt.— Irtnely Turn.,
en suite, single; reasonable; hot. cold water.
EDDY. 610— Nicely furnished room and office,
with running water, suitable for a doctor;
splendid location.
GEART. 405<The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; mites or single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE av«., 409— Small sunny room;
double bed; closet; eu; |7.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
-and Mission «ts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
elngle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HATES. 46>— One large room, furnished or un-
furnished. - ¦---¦-
JESSIE, 863, near Emporium— Furnished rooms
(4 and }&; housekeeping $9.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suit© of 2 or S
rms; private: bath: gin, nns; board optional.
M1XNA. 237. bet. Sd and 4th (New. York House)
Sing-le, double and housekeeping rooms.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Nicely furnished
bay-window room, Jl per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. *1015 Market fit.— Nicely
furbished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny fnmished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. 252— Nice sunny front rooms; also
housekeeping rooms; gas and bath.- .'. ¦¦.•¦¦*¦
ROSEDALE House, S1S-S21 Ellis St.— Rooms.
night, 25c to »1; week. U 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.-Incandescent light;
reading-room, emoklng-room and ladles* par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60: -week, *2 to
ft; month, js to (30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. tl2, corner Shipley — Sunny front room
by private family; suitable for two.
BUTTER, 320^4 — Changed hands; newly reno-
vated: single rooms. $8; suite*. $13 to J2S mo.
BUTTER, 678 — Convenient, well-fumlEhed Iront
offices or desirable living rooms.
BUTTER. 717, nr. Taylor— Sunny, choice; $11;
appreciated if seen; baths; please Investigate.
TURK, 126 — Furnished room suitable for gen-
tleman, Jo per month.
VALENCIA. 128— Sunny furnished front bay-
window room; suitable for 2: apply upper flat.
VAN NESS ave.. 1401 and 1403, NW. cor. Bush
— Elejr&nt cunny suites and apartments for
housekeeping; private baths, telephone, elec-
tric lights: sun all day; gas ranges; running
water In every room: will be arranged, clean-
ed, painted ar.a newly furnished to suit.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 102S
Valencia st
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly ,
Call, 1< pages, sent to any address In the *
United States or Canada one year for Jl,
Tw*«t«e» T>ftld.
IIOOMS AXD BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mans'on, opp. Grace
Church, with annex S07 California St., may
be found a mo*t exceptionally good table, at-
tractlve and stghtly rooms at modest rates.
- ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED,
TOrXG man Juat discharged from army would
like room and board; home comforts; will
pay In advance. Box »C7, Call office.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1315 Mission, nr. lath, !
ALL kinds bought. Bold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. IPS 4th.
BOUGHT, eold rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 6.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office, Post and Powell ets.; tel. Main 6718.
¦WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
SLOT MACHINES.
ELOT machines— Latest style: »40 each. 1167
Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
TELEPHONES.
TELEPHONES, house or private lines, U CO a
aet: electrical work Installed. 1536 Pt. Lobos.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IX TYPEWRITERS— We
Fell better machines for lefs money than any
house In the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, CC6 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & It. ALEXANDER. '
110 Montgomery Et.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec 31. 1900^-The secretary
of the San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum Society, situated on Halght street, hereby
gives notice that the following orphan and
half -orphan girls and boys have been received
at the institution from July 1, 1900, to Janu-
ary 1. U01: Julia Reese, 14 yrs. 4 mos.; Annie
Hanike, 6 yrs. 11 mos.; Mary W. Peterson, 11
yrs. 8 mos.: Mary P. Scott, 7 yrs. S mos.;
Mary E. Cummings, 4 yrs. 4 moa.; HildaOlsen,
12 yrs. 19 mos. ; Annie E. Zwaal, 6 yrs. 4 mos. ;
Herman Hanike, S yrs. S mos.; Willis Ras-
kin, 14 yrs. S me*.: Charles A. Peterson, I
yrs. E mos.; Hugh Cavanaugh, 7 yrs. 7 mos.;
Clarence Cavanaugh, < yrs. ; William J. Scott,
t yrs. 2 mos. ; Edward Cummings, S yrs. 2
mos.; Charles 3. Zwaal, 6 yrs. 1 mo.; Harold
F. Elliot. 7 yrs.; John H. Hansen. 9 yrs. 1
mos.; Richard J. Nlcholdson, 7 yrs. 4 mos.,
and Stewart H. Elliot. 6 yrs. 6 moa.
THE Padflo Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby gives notice that they have
admitted Into the Orphanage from July L 1900,
to December SI, 1900, the following named or-
phans and half-orphans, boys and girls:
Katl« Stein, IS yrs. 2 mos. ; Julia Stein. 10 yrs.
6 moa.; Ida Stein. 8 yrs. t mos.; A. H. Frank.
11 yrs. > mos.; Edna Frank, 10 yrs.; Freder-
ick Bebergall. 10 yrs. 9 mas. ; Dora Levy, 9
yrs. ,7 mos. ; Louis Levy, 7 yrs. 10 mos. ; Jacob
Shaphran. 10 yrs. 3 mos.; Sam Shaphran, B
jts.; Annie Ehaphran,-8 yrs. 2 mos.; Esther
Forman. 10 yrs. 5 mos.; Etta Forman, 7 yrs.
« mos.: Bertha Forman, 5 yrs. 2 mos.; Mollie
Forman, 3 yrs. t mos.; Frank Shaphran, 4 yrs.
E mos.; Mary Laser. 8 yrs. S mos.; Augusta
Laser, 6 yrs. 11 mos.; Cella Laser, 10 yrs. 9
mos. ¦ - ¦
NOTICE) is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage, 620 Lake st., San Francisco. Cal.,
has received the following orphans, i one-half
orphan and abandoned girls from Oct 1.
1900. to Jan. 1. 1901. Elisabeth M. Godwin. 8
years 4 months; Mabel Godwin, 7 years 6
months: Grace B. Godwin. 6 years; Hlldreth
Clark. IS years: Lillian E. Wood, 11 years 2
- months; Ethel Wood. 8 years 7 months: Lau-
ra Echultz. 9 years 6 months; Myrtle Medlen,
11 years 2 months; Hazel W. West, 6 years;
Zerneene B. Blytb, 9 years 6 months; Edith
M. Clothier, 8 years 7 months; Ruth Clothier,
8 years S months. ¦
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; eafe. reliable: take no other;
send 4c stamps for particular*; "Relief for
Ladies" in letter by return mail: at drug-
glsts. Chlcheeter Chemical Co.. Fhlladel.. Fa.
BAD tenants ejected for U; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgfimfrv ft., room* 8-10: tel. 6SS0.
PROPOSALS.
I'. S. ENGINEER Office." Flood building,
Ean Francisco, Cal., 'January 8. 1301.— Sealed
proposals for building wing dams in Sacra-
mento River, between Sacramento, Cal., and
moth of river, will be received here until
12 noon. February . 18. 1901. . Information on
application. W. II. HEUER, Lieut. Col. En-
gineers. - .: '
V. 8. ENGINEER Office. Flood building,
San Francisco; Cal-. January 8. 1901.— Sealed
propocals for building eteam vessel will
be received here until 1* - m., . February 8,
1S01, and then opened. Information furnished
on application. CHAS.- E. L. B. DA VIS,
i Major Enc'.neers.' - '
MEXICAN.
INTERNATIONAL RAILROAD.
EAGLE PASS ROUTE.
THE SHORTEST STANDARD GAUGE
LINE AND FASTEST TIME BETWEEN
PRINCIPAL CITIES IN THE UNITED
STATES AND MEXICO.
NO CHANGE OF CARS AT THE FRONT-
IER. THROUGH PULLMAN BUFFET
SLEEPING CARS DAILT BETWEEN NEW
ORLEANS AND THE CITT OF MEXICO.
MONTEREY AND DURANGO. DIRECT
LINE TO MONTERET, DURANGO, ZACA-
TECAS. AQUAS CALIENTES. SAN LUIS
POTOSI, GUADALAJARA AND CITT OF
MEXICO. ALL TRAINS MET AT THE
FRONTIER BT REPRESENTATIVE OF THE
PASSENGER DEPARTMENT TO ATTEND
TO INSPECTION OF BAGGAGE. EXCHANGE
OF MONET. ETC. ,
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CALL ON
OR ADDRESS ANT AGENT OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY OR '
C. K* DUNLAP,
General Freight and Passenger Agent.
C. PORFIRIO DIAZ, Coah, Mex.
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTEBN RY. CO.
LESSB3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market SL
San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FERRT-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35. 8:30.
6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:34
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60 and
11:30 d. m.
SUNDATS— S:0O. »:«>. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30. 5:00.
S:2O p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-«:li). 7:50. »:20, 11:10 a. m.; 13:45.
8:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:55
and (:35 p. m.
SUNDATS— 8:10. 1:40, 11:10 a. to.: 1:40, S:40, 5:05.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park,
name schedule as above.
Leave I In ECect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Nov. 7. 1900. f San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Bun- I Week
Days. I days. 1 Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato. 10:49 ami 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 1:05 pmjlO:23 am
6:10 pm| 9:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pmj 8:23 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:15 am
Healdsbnrr.
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:83 pm 1:2 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I I
I 8:08 sm| and Uklah. j 7:35 pm| <:23 pm
7:S0am I 10:23 am
8:0O am GnernevUIe. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm «:>3 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
-^-' and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 1:05 pm (:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 amllO:23 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. f 7:33 pm! 6:2 pm
Stages connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark West
Springs and Wbtte Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservlllf* for Skasss Springs: at Cloverdalo
for the Geysers;, at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Pprlngrs. Kelseyvllle. Carts-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Bueknell's
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr*s Hot Springs
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, 'Westport. Usaf
Wllletts. Laytonvllle. Cummlnga. Bell's Springs*
Harris. Olsens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, ronnd-tiip tickets to all points
beyond Ean Rafael at naif rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market st.. Chronicle buHd-
lnr. R. X. RTAN.
H. C. WHITINO, Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manager.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausaltto F«rry.
Commencing September 30, 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-«:55. •9:15. 11:00 a. m.. 1:Oj-
3:15. 4:00. 6:15. *<:13. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at !:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDATS— *8:00. «ie:00. 'U^ a. m.. 1:13.
3:15. *4:43. <:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked »*) run to San vuentln.
FROM 8AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS-6:20. »«:30. 7:45. 9:30 a. m..
•12:30. 1:45. *3:30. 4:J0. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDATS— «:20, •8:00, •19:00, *H:tt a, nj,.
•1:40, »2:15. 4:45. «6:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quenttn.
FROM MILL. VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:45. 6:45, 7:85. »:30 a, m.
12:S3, 2:10. 1:30, 4:54, 5:20 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Eaturdays at 7:10 and 10:10 p. m.
SUNDATS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 13:05. 1:15. S:W.
5:00, S:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:55 a. m. week day I— Cazadero aad way
stations.
1:45 p. m. ¦ eaturdays— Tomalea and way
stations. -
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales aad way
stations.
AHLGREN'-In thle city, January 7, 1S01, Carl
Emll AhlgTen, beloved «on of Carl N. P. and
Ella. Ahlgren, and brother of Esther Ahlgren.
a. native of San Francisco, aged 12 years 6
months and 1 day.
BAUCHOU— In this city, January 7, 1901, Mary
Violet, beloved infant daughter of Joeeph and
mia Bauchou, a native of Baa Francisco,
aged 2 months and 26 days.
BEAUCHAMP— In thia city, January 7, 1901.
George C. Beauchamp, dearly beloved son of
Mr. and Mrs. Mohler, and grandson of tha
late B. R. and Antonette Hathaway, a na-
tive of California, aged 23 years and 3 months.
BRITT— In this city, ajanuary 6, 1901, Mary A.
Britt. beloved Kister of Mrs. 6, It. Stack, a
native of Ireland, aged 73 years.*
C?"The funeral will take • place this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DOUD— In this city, January «. 1901, Catherine
Doud. a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
EICHLER — In Mount 'Kden, Alameda County.
January 6, 1901, Edward, dearly beloved hus-
band of Louise Eichler, and father of Millie
Eichler and Mrs. Fred Hellwig ! (formerly
Emma Elchler), a native of Vienna, Austria-
Hungary, aged 78 years 9 months and 19 days.
lETTYienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Mount Kden. thence to Union Church
for services. Interment at Mount Eden.
ENAE— In Vallejo. January 6, 1901, Roxanne
M., beloved wife of Francis B. Dmmltt, a
native of New Hampshire, aged 60 years and
6 days.
rc^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this
(Tuesday) afternoon, from her late residence,
218 Sacramento street, Vallejo. Interment Ma-
sonic and Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this city, January 6. 1901.
Mary Gallagher, beloved sister of Bridget
Gallagher, a native of County Monaghan,
Ireland, affed 60 years.
Cv^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 225 Birch avenue, off Van Ness, thence
to St. Ignatius Church, where a requiem mas3
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery-
GILLETT— In this city, January 6, 1901. Isaac
Copley Gillett, brother of Almond S. GUlett
of Lestershire, N. Y., a native of New York,
ased 67 years.
ID^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the 'funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, Brannan Etreet,
near Fourth, where a BOleran requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of bis soul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
GRANVILLE»-In this city, January 6, 1901,
Mary A., boloved wife of Arthur J. Gran-
vllle. and mother of Irene "and Alice Gran-
vllle, and daughter of Mrs. W. Evans, and
sister of Thomas and Bella Evans, a native
of Ean Francisco, aged 28 years 5 months and
26 days.
(t7Friende and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 633 Howard street, thence to Bt. Pat-
rick's Church for services, at 11 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
JAMES— In this city, January 6, 1901, William,
dearly beloved husband of Laura James, a
native of Indiana, aged 41 years 2 months and
V days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the 'funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, B*venth and Market streets, under the
auspices of Fidelity Lodge No. 222, I. O. O. F.
KELLY— In this City, January 7, 1901. John F..
dearly beloved son of the • late Michael and
Mary Kelly, and brother of James and Amle
Kelly and Mrs. Stephen A. GUI, a native of
Ban Francisco, aged 26 years.
KINNEY— In Portland. Or., Narcissa White,
wife of Marshall J. Klnney, sister of Dr.
Maria White of San Jose, and sister-in-law
of Mrs. James L. Walker of San : Francisco,
a native of Westchester, Pa, ¦
KNIGHT— In Oakland. January 7. 1901, Emma
Jane, beloved wife of W. H. Knight, and
mother of Allen, Frederick W.. Eva F. and
Harriet E, Knight, Mrs. J. E. Farnum and
Mrs. E. B. Emery, aged 72 years and 2
months. ».
(CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
LOGAN— In this city, January — . 1901, Maria
wife of Edward Logan, mother of Mary An-
nie and Kdward Logan, and daughter of the
late Arthur and -Anna McMahon, a native of
Virginia, County Cavan, Ireland, aged 42
years. ..
ET The 'funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where mans
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock.
McCARTHT— In this city, January « 1901
Elizabeth, beloved sister of John and Peter
McCarthy, a native of Klns&le, County Cork.
Ireland. ag«d 27 years. . .
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 26 Hampton place, off Folsom
street, between Second. and Third, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem hlgn
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DIED.
AhlgTen, Cart B.
Bauchou, Mary V.
Bctuchamp, Geo. C.
Brttt. Mary A.
Doud. Catherine
Elchler. Edward
Er.as, Roxanne M.
Gallagher. Mary
Gillett. Isaac C.
Granvllle. Mary A.
James, William
Kelly, John F.
Knight. Emma J.
Klnney, Narclssa W
Logan Maria
McCarthy, Elizabeth
McDonnell, Mollie
Marion. Rene J.
Marshall. Charles H
Moore. Mary
Mowry, Laura A.
Neighbor. Jacob
O'CaJlaghan. Cather-
ine JL
O*Shea, Margaret
Preston. Joseph
Reddington, Mary
Rogers. Samuel L.
Smallwood. Frank B.
Smith. John H.
Bprlng-er, Delia
Stelner, Paul F. E.
Uttley. Dr. Wm. a.
"Walsh. Mathew
"Webb. Ed»tar
"Welsh, Maggl*
Wildes, J. H.
Wolfe. James E.
Woodward. Walter
' BORN.
BISCHOFF— In this city, January 6. 1901, to
the wife of Harry Bischoff, a son.
ERNST— In this city. January 4. 1901, to the
¦vrlfe of Harry Ernst, a daughter.
MACDONAIjD— In this city, January 6, 1301, to
the wife of Geoixe Al Macdonald, a son.
O'NEIL— In this city, December 10, 1900. to the
¦wife of Kdward CXeil. a son.
BEXTON-In this city, December 26. 1900, to
the wife of "William g. Sexton, a son.
BMITH— In Golden Gate, Alameda County,
December 30. 1900. to the wife of A. H. Smith,
a daughter.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall -will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence 8f per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
MOUTHKRN PAfiri« CO.HPAKT.
(FAOiriO SYRTBM.) *
Train* lenvv nnd nr« tin* l» nrrlt « Nl
MAN- FKANCIMttO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lkatb — From January 1, 1901. — aurit*
7:80a Benida, Buisun, Elmirt, Vacafllle,
Rumsey and S»cram«nto 7>l-1p
7:3i»a Davis, Woodland. Knights Landing.
Miurysfille, OrotUle.. 7il3p
7:3OA Atlantic Kxpress— Ofden and East 13iI3r
H:O»a Martinez, SauUsmon, Vallejo, Naps*
, Callstngs ami Santa Itosa Hil.lr
8:OOaNQ«s. Lirermora, Tracy, Lathrop,
Stockton 7tl3r
S:SOa ShuU Kipr»«j— IHtIs, Williama (for
¦ BarUett BprlDCs), Willows, Red
Bluff, PorUftiKl 7s43r
ItSflt Ban Jose, Liieniuwe, Btoektott.
lone, Saerauieuto. PlacerTlUe,
Mnr<*«ille, Chioo, lted Illiitt «tl«r
¦tllOA Oakdnle, Chinese, Honor*. Carteri... 4ilSp
Ii:0Oa Hajwards, Mile* and Vftj Station!. 1 1 1 13a
ttiOVALoa Angeles Exprea— Marthiex,
Tracy, Latlirop. Mtockton. Meroed
Fre«io mud Loa Angelea 7:l*r
OiItOA. Vallfjo, Martinez and Way SUtloni Si<3p
I O:00a The Overland limited— Ogden, Den-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago 6:41r
IIiOOa Niks. Btookton, Saoramento; M»n-
dota. Freana, Uanford. Visalia.
l'or'MTillo 4tlHr
I 1:00a Ll»frmorf>, Banger. Goshen Juno-
/tlun, Bikenfleld,Los Angelu
tl:fl»r Hacumento l!t»er 3l«*iiiern f."JtO»» a
3:U»P Haywurds. Nllra and Way HUtlonj. Oi4!>p
4i«OP Martinez. Hau IUiuoii. Vallejo.
Naiia, OlUtoRit. 8»uta lloaa Vila*
¦li«opl5M)icla, Winter*, Baeramento,
Woodland. Kutlfliti Uu'llnj.
M.rjuTltle. Oro.Ble lo:lo»
¦IsSiipHijwirili. Nile* and KanJoae t 1 *'*-"**
5iOOr Niles. LWermore, Stockton. Lodl ... IOMS*
o.'kOOf Huniet Limited, El Paw, >ew ¦•
Orleans and EMt. c1O>15a
S:OOrTha Owl limited— Tracy, Ftmuo.
BakeraQald. Bangui fur Santa Bar-
bara, I.OS Ameele« 1««1»*
SiOOr New Orleaar Expreaa-HakenHaM,
Hnuta Ilitrbara, !.oa Aogelef, Dcui-
' .' lur. £1 Fa«>, New Orleaua and
Ka«t 7«Ma
6i«np Haywardu, Nile* and San Josa 7»4»«
t«:OOr Vallejo ll»4l»»
UiOUr Oriental Mtll-Ogden, Cheyenne,
Omahs, Chicago iail5»
SiOOf Oriental Mail— Ojdea, Denver.
Umaba. Chlcitfo. 4il9p
TtOOp Oregon and California l£xprea*.Hao-
rniiiento. Mariifillv. Uo.l.lli:*,
I'ltiMatMl, I'.ijct Hound ami Ka«» 8:4Sa
HiOSpSan Pablo, Port Coita, Uirtloes
and W»y Stations 11i45a
I«:O3p Valt-i<> 7r4gp
COAST IMVmosTs«"»iT tiange).
(Koot of Market Street.)
»il."» A N>vrark. t>!iter»II!t\8an. I os», Felton.
ltoulder Creek.Sauta Omx and Way
Htatlona ••*•*
tailSr Newark. CenterTllIe, Bin .Icie, New
Almaden, Felton, Moulder Creek,
BaiUa Crui and 1'rlQolpal Way
Stations fl«i(l»4
4 il.ir Newark, Han Joid, Lc« Gatn« Si»t»A
a9:30r Hnnteia' Excursion, Ban Jo«e and
WaySUtiona ,-¦¦• !?!»•?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSlH ratlOlSCO— r#«t *f Hirktt Su-Ml (Slip 8)—
t7:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:93 3:33 5:!3r.u.
frimOIIUIB— rioUIBrniwij.— 1«:00 t«:00 18:05
10:00a.m. 12:03 8:03 4:03 M5r.il.
COAST DIVISION (l!roa<l«laage).
(Thlnl nnd Towngeml St».)
1fl:l»A Ocean View, Mouth Han r'raucUoo.. t»:3«i»
?:O«»A Hau Joie h.i.I Way SUtl<>u» (New
Alinaiieu Wedtiamlafa only). l>3Op
• ¦••A Hau Jims. Tins t'im.o. Hunta Crux.
Faellia Orove. l'aio Uubles.. 8au
Liila Oliiipo, Surf, Loarpoo and
Principal WaySUtiona 4tfr
lOilOt Sao Joaa and Way .Station* «>X%a
IIsKWa »au .loss anJ Way Stations StSOp
\'*i l»r San Mateo, Ucdwoo<J, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, t-anta Clara, Ban Joie.
Tret Pioot. Sauta Crux, Salinas.
- Mouterey ami l'aeiflo Grovs H«= : »«*
fSiXOp flan Jose and Way Stations tiaop
flslSr San Joseand Principal Way Stations »:15a
t»:OOr8an Jose, Lot Gatoa and Principal
WaySUUoBS 40:<MI*
3:»0r San JoasauJ Principal Way Stations »:»Sa
a:3»r San Josa and Way Stations fH t «t« A
qHfj.tpSau Jose and Way Stations 7i3Op
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
? Similar exeent«l. . 1 Saudaj only,
o Mondays, WednesdaT*, Fridaja.
c Tuesdays, Thursdays, Sunday*. —
a Saturday only.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Max Krow, 14, 90S Folsom street, and Alice
M. Hanna, 18, 1017 Hyde street.
John M. Nelson, 32. 422 Drumm street, and
Lottie Johnson. 29, 1409 Harrison street.
William C Henry, 28. 606 Ellis street, and
Lottie Park. 19, 472 Jessie street.
Giovanni B. Ruggiero, 33, 511 Vallejo street,
and Maria Saniruinetto, 24. 1213 Kearny street.
Frank W. Grtffen. 30, 2105 Pacific avenue, and
Lillian M. Follls. 20, 2230 Washington street.
Pietro F. Sargentl, E7. Bouldln Island, and
Elisabeth Tapper, 24, 18SS Stockton street
Alberto Martinez. 24, S99 Pine etreet. and
Olivet J. Mathleu, 18, 831 Pine street.
Clayton J. Yokum. 27. Bakersfleld, and Mol-
lie Houghllhan, 19, Pomona. - v -
Henry L. Joseph. 31. 758 Bryant street, and
Ethel M. Kofoed, 19, South San Francisco.
John O. Boyson. 23. 423 Ninth street, and
Edith Armberg. tZ, 1051 Tennessee street.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
McDONNELL— In this city, January 7, 1BOI, ;
Mollie, beloved ¦ daughter of John and' Mary
McDonnell of 13 Isis street, and dearly be-
lqved Bister of Patrick J., William. J., Mar-
garet and Charles J.' McDonnell and Mrs.
Valentine Fath of Llvermore. a native of San
Francisco, aeed 26 ' years 3 months and 13
days. / ¦¦ . ' ¦•- -••:. . .: . : - . .., .
tC?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at -8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church,- where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. 'Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. >. • • *,;-r f ' i •
MARION— In this city, January S. - 1901. Rene
Joseph Marion, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph 'Marlon, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 1 month end 6 days.
(ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the. funeral this day
(Tuesday),' at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J.. S. Godeau, 808 Montgomery street.
MARSHALL— In this city, January 7, 1901,
Charles H.. beloved husband of Annie Gra-
ham Marshall, a native of Denmark, aged 84
years. i
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
MOORB— In this city, January 6, 1901, Mary,
beloved wife of the late James 8. Moore, and
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. . Mary A. Mat-
tews, Mrs. Llla J. Greer, Mrs. Maggie Young
and Mrs. Josephine Wohler. of Salinas, Cal.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 337S Twenty-third street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MOWRY— In this city, January 7, 1901, Laura
Aj_ Mowry, beloved mother of j Nellie and
. George B. Mowry, in the 76th year of her age.
NEIGHBOR — In this city,' January 6, 1901, Ja-
cob, beloved father of Mrs. George Smith,
Mrs. A. Montgomery and W. E. and Luella.
Neighbor, a native of New Jersey, aged <9
years 11 months and 3 days..
C?"Remalns at mortuary chapel of Golden
Gate Undertaking Company, 2429 Mission
street, near Twenty-first. Interment Chinese
Camp, Tuolumne County, Wednesday, Janu-
ary 9, 1901. at 10 o'clock.
O'CALLAGHAN— In this city, January 7, 1S01.
Catherine Mary, beloved daughter of Tim-
othy and the late Hannah O'^allaghan, and
sister of James and Eesle CCallaghan.
O'SHEA— In this city, January 5, 190L Mar-
garet, daughter of Mary and Cornelius
O" Shea,' and beloved sister of Nora, Timothy,
Mary, Nellie and the late Thomas O'Shea,
and niece of J. O'Shea, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 18 years and 4 months. (Cork,
Ireland, papers nlea«e copy.)
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to .attend the . funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 128^ Silver street, thence to
St. Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
ooul. commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PRESTON— In this city, January 6, '1901, Joseph
Preston, beloved husband of Emllle Preston,
and father of Hazel -Dorothy and Joseph Ira
Preston, a native of England, aged 37 years.
ICyFriends and members of Hercules Lodge
No. 53. A. O. U. W., are respectfully Invited
to attend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock, from his late residence. 2329 Califor-
nia street, between Stelner and Pierce. Re-
mains at the funeral parlors of Charles H.
' Jacob & Co., 318 Mason street, between
O'Farrell and Geary.
REDDINGTOX— In this city, January 6, 1901.
Mary Reddlnirton. beloved wife of the late
John H. RedrUngton, and mother of Mrs. John
McKenna, Mrs. Mark McKenna and Mathew
Reddington, a native of Ireland, aged £5
years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
to St. Francis Church, where services will be
held. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
ROGEJRS— In Frultvale, January. 6, 1901, Sam-
uel L. Rogers, a native of Connecticut, aged
74 years.
(T7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the ¦ funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of A. Brown, Thirteenth street,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. ' ¦
SMALLWOOD— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, January 7, 1901, Frank B. Smallwood. a
native of Missouri, aged 37 years.
SMITH— In thla city, January 6, 1901, John H.
Bmith, uncle of William Barr, a native of
Glasgow, Scotland, aged 80 years 1 month and
20 days.
1C7" Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Caledonian and Thistle clubs and St.
Andrew's Society are respectfully invited to
attend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 12
o'clock, from ! the parlors of the Craig &
Cochran Company. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, via electric car from Fifth and
Harrison streets.
SPRINGER— In Berryman Station. North
Berkeley, January 5, 1901. Delia, dearly be-
loved wife of Sanford O. Springer, and mother
of Helen, Rose and Margarite Springer, and
daughter of Mrs. Mary Thompson and of the
late W. S. Thompson, and sister of Mrs.
Rose Chandler, a native of San Francisco,
. aged 24 years 6 months and 19 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that funeral takes place
. this day (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her
mother's residence, corner Shattuck avenue
and Rose street, Berryman Station, North
Berkeley, thence by 12 o'clock creek route to
San Francisco. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. . ¦
STEI.VER- In this city. January 8. 1901, Paul
F. K., dearly beloved husband of Martha A.
Eteiner, and brother of Herrman, Christian
and George Hofstetter and Mrs. Emllle La-
fourguette, a native of Marysvllle, Cal., aged
32 years 9 months and 18 days. A member of
Spartan Lodge No. 125. I. O. O: F. ; South
San Francisco Parlor tfn. -157. N. S. G. W. ;
rvrcrt Live No. 67. F, of A., and Golden
West Lodge No. 264, A. O. U. W.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1033 Seventeenth avenue. South San
Francisco, thence to St. Paulus German
Evangelical Lutheran Church, corner of Eddy
and Gough streets, where services will be
held, commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
COURT LIVE OAK No. 67.-MeTObers are no-
tified to meet at their court room. Masonic
Hall, this day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock. By
cider of J. SAUR, Chief Ranger.
J. O'BRIEN, Rec. Sec.
SOUTH San Francisco Parlor No. 157, N. S.
G. W. — Members are hereby notified to assem-
ble at Masonic Hall, this day (Tuesday), at
1 o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, P. F. B. Stelner.
ED J. TAAFFE. President.
D. HARRINGTON. Rec. Sec. ¦
UTTLET— In this cify. January 7. 1901. Dr.
William G., beloved husband of Elizabeth
Uttley, a native of Sheffield, Yorkshire, Eng-
land, aced 62 years.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Jntefment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car at 1:30 o'clock, from corner
Guerrero and Twentieth streets..
WALSH— In this city, Mathew Walsh, brother
of P. J. Walsh, a native of Clondalkln,
County Dublin, Ireland, aged 75 years.
WEBB— In this city, January 7, 1901, Edgar,
dearly beloved husband of Annie Webb, j and
father of Grade Webb, a native of Virginia,
aged 38 years.
ICyRemalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
, neral hereafter.
WELSH-In this city. January 6, 1901, Maggie,
beloved daughter of James and Ellen Welsh,
and loving sister of Richard, John. James and
the late Ellen Welsh, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 24 years and 6 days.
(E7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 37 Hardle street, between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth and Church and Sanchez,
thence to i Mission Dolores Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated tor tha re-
p06» of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WILDES— In Oakland. January «, 1901, J. H.
Wildes, father of F. L. Wildes of Carson.
Nev.. and Mrs. William Angus of East Oak-
land, a . native of Newburyport. Mass., aged
74 years. .
lETTuneral services this , day (Tuesday),
at 1:30 o'clock, from 1 the residence of Mrs.
William. Angus, 1470. Seventh avenue. East
Oakland. "Interment private. ;
WOLFE— In this city, January 7. 1901. James
E. Wolfe, a native of Baltimore. Mi, aged 80
years ! 2 months and 1 day.
WOODWARD— Entered into rest.* in Oakland.
January. 6, 1901, Walter, beloved and eldest
eon of Frank and Marian L. Woodward, and
brother of Frank Woodward. Mrs. F. L. Wai-
bel, Mrs. George 8. B. BlV . and Blanche
Woodward, a native of Brooklyn. N. Y. t
aged 33 years 3 months and 6 days. (New
York and Brooklyn papers please copy.)
%y Funeral services to be held this day
(Tuesday), ¦ at 10:30 o'clock, from his parents'
residence, 811' East Sixteenth street, Oakland.
Interment private.
Ahl ever near to us, though unseen.
The dear. Immortal Spirits tread;
For all the boundless universe ¦
Is life! there is no death.
KAZLWA Y TKA VZL.
DIV1DEXD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— California Safe Deposit
and Truet Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts.— For the six months ending
December 81, 1900. dividends have • been de-
clared on deposits In the savings department
of this company as follows: On term de-
poults at the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per an-
num, and on ordinary deposits at the rate of
8 per cent per annum, free of taxes, and pay-
able en and after Wednesday, January 2,
1901. Dividends uncalled for are added to the
principal and bear tha came rate of dividend
as the principal from and after January t
190L J. DALZELL BROWN, Manager.The first 6r the' union meetings held un
der the auspices ; of the Baptist, Congre
gational and Presbyterian | churches took
place In the First Congregational Church,
at Post and Mason : streets, last night.
The attendance was lartre.: Theisermon
was delivered by Dr/ E.' A. Woods." '
Wheelbarrow Fell on Him.'
•John Cavanaugh met with a serious at
cldeht yesterday.- He was wheeling a bar
rowload of > bracks up an incline when" he
stumbled and fell. The barrow fell on top
of him and one of the; handles fractured
his ribs and drove one of them Into his
lung. He was attended by Dra. Putnam
and Bauer, at. the Harbor Hospital and
later was removed to St. Mary's Hospital.
Bunko-Steerer Arrested.
F. .' M. Morgan was arrested yesterday
by Detectives Ryan and O'Dea and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of petty
larceny. He was Identified by Rasmus
Johnson of South Dakota as the man who
steered, him to a house on Kearny street
last Thursday and after swindling him
out of $10 got him to Indorse a check for
$100, payment of which was stopped by
the police.
Printers Elect Officers.
The Union .Printers' Mutual Aid Society
at Kb semi-annual meeting held Sunday,
January 6, elected the following named
officers - to serve * for the ensuing * six
months: .
President, • James T. Kelsey; first vice
president, Edward McLaughlln; second
vice 'president, Edpar Apperson; . record
ing-secretary.. George -II. Branch: finan
cial secretary, George H. Knell; treasurer,
William J.« White: marshal, Louis P.
Ward; guardian, Daniel Connell: board of
directors.' S. H. Jenrier. T. C. Carr, . E. P.
Devlne. W. A. Rosetti- and Philip John
son; physician, Dr. George E. Bushnell;
druggist, George Dahibenaer.
' The retiring . president. L. Mlchelson.
was presented with - a valuable watch
charm. » ; :
French People Are Generous.
The members of the French Ladles'
Benevolent Society continue to do noble
work among the poor of this city. On the
28th of December last, the society distri
buted food, clothing and money to the de
serving. Thirty families, fifteen slnslo
old women and twenty, men were assisted
by them. The society wishes to thank the
French residents of the city who aided
them in helping: ,the poor.
LORD THTJRLOW COMES V*
f HERE TO SPEND WINTER
Descendant of Robert Bruce the Guest
of G. H; Proctor at the
jr.VJ;:.-' | Palace. .
Lord Thurlow of London ' arrived In this
city last evening and will spend the win
ter at the' Palace' as the, guest of George
H. Proctor. >Lord Thurlow's family name
is John Oval" Cumtnlng Bruce, and he is
a direct descendant of Robert Bruce. He
was secretary of the late Lord Elgin and
married Elgin's daughter. He was pay
master in the English army for two years.
Lord Thurlow is one of the sixty mem
bers of the Privy Council and' Is an officer
in the Royal Society of Good Fellows.
Two of Lord Thurlow's sons were killed
In the Boer war. A third son has recently
been appointed 'Bishop Designate, and he
Is now on his way. to Portland, Or., where
he is to locate. : .
The complaint was thereupon ' with
drawn and a suit for damages will be in
stituted, which will bring the merits of
the case before the courts in a legal way.
Dr. Kinyoun thereupon Issued an order
to the officers of the City of Peking to
take the ¦ rejected freight to the Govern
ment quanantlne grounds at Angel Island.
Magulre & Gallagher • and J. E. Ben
nett, representing Wong Chung, appeared
in the United States Circuit Court yester
day In the matter of the proceedings
against. Federal Quarantine Officer Kin
youn to orderihim to show cause why he
should not allow certain Chinese provis
ions shipped from Hongkong to be landed
in this city from the Coptic and the City
of Peking.
Assistant United States Attorney Ban
ning, who appeared for Dr. Kinyoun,
raised the point' that the pleadings were
not properly drawn, and- that the court
had no Jurisdiction because Kinyoun was
an executive officer vested with discre
tion under the law and the court I could
not Interfere so long as there was a rem
edy in law in the way of a suit for dam
ages.
course to a Suit Against Him
for Damages.
Chinese Merchants Must Have Re-
DR. KINYOUN WINS
THE FIRST ROUND
Tho Board of Police Pension Commis
sioners met yesterday" and personally In
spected the men on the retired list to see
whether or not they were fitted to do
police duty.' Altogether eighty-three of
the "old-time" policemen were lined up
before the .board' and closely examined
as to their physical condition. In his ex
citement to show the Commissioners that
he could still do police duty, if it was nec
essary, Patrick McDonough, the old turn
key of the City -Prison, .threw away his
trusted cane and started to do a jig. Ha
fell while trying to • execute a difficult
step, amid the laughter of his fellow pen
sioners and the. members of the commis
sion. - . ' ;-
K. Conway was reappointed secretary of
the board. "^aS^SSS^9&3SMC&BKBBi
sonally Examined by the
Commissioners.
Eighty-Three Old Timers' Ar« Per-
POLICE PENSIONERS
BEFORE THE BOARD
| The Russian Christmas, which falls on
January G, was fittingly celebrated yester
day by the#Russlans of -this city. t Ex
tended preparations had been ¦< made : for
the event, "and -the church on the -corner
of. Powell street and Montgomery avenue
was profusely decorated with flowers and
evergreens 1 for the "occasion..: The church
was crowded during -the, services yester
day, morning.' They lasted for over^three
hours, during which the congregation' was
required to remain standing, as the ritual
of the Russian church prohibits seats of
any kind -within ? the house of -worship.
Bishop Tikhon,- assisted by the Rev. John
Shamiae, Rev; T. Pashovsky and Deacon
E. Jarosh. officiated. \ The- Rev. S. Dabo
vlchpreached a'sermon on "The Birth -of
Christ." A' choir. of thirty voices supplied
the music if or the services. -
Christmas in .' tha Greek Church.
One of the first suggestions which the
new president was heard to offer was the
need of more commodious quarters for tho
railroad offices. He was surprised to find
the officials tucked away In such cramped
quarters and thought it a pity that all the
offices could not be in one building. The
¦separation of the departments into three
different buildings he considered poor pol
icy and not for the best interests of the
company.
There was no suggestion made, however,
in regard to a new building, but a promi
nent railroad man. in speaking of the
matter yesterday, said he would not be
at all surprised jto hear before long that
the company would erect a new and more
commodious office building.
offices of the late Collis P. Huntlngton on
the fifth floor of the big building. Th*
rooms have been refurnished and fitted up
for the new president's reception.
About 10 o'clock yesterday morning Mr.
Hays, accompanied by Vice President
Stubbs and General Manager Krutt
f chnltt. made the rounds of all the offices,
being introduced to the heads of depart
ments by his escort.
From the yellow building Mr. Hays went
to the Wells-Fargo building, where the
law offices and the claims department
were inspected. Finally a visit was paid
the auditing department at Fourth aud
Townsend streets.
Samuel B. Cronk, private. Company M,
Sixteenth Infantry, died yesterday at the
general hospital.
Three hundred mules from Fort Asaph.
Virginia, arrived at the Presidio yester
day. Their arrival has been looked for for
come time, as they are greatly needed in
Manila to replace the animals lost on the
Leelanaw. They will be shipped to the
islands about February L Sixty horses
purchased by Colonel Marshal also ar
rived.-
Major Gibson and his force of hospital
corps men broke all records yesterday in
handling the sick and wounded soldiers
that came home on the Sherman. The
steamer Resolute was used to transport
the men to the Presidio, making her first
trip at 11 a. m. By 4:30 p. m. the 432
men had been landed at the Presidio, and
an hour later were receiving treatment in
the hospitals. "With the exception of the
fixteen litter cases, about sixty con
valescents and six Insane all were found
fit for immediate discharge and were sent
to the Presidio to await the coming of
their descriptive lists and the making out
of their final statements.
valescent Soldiers Need Furth
er Treatment.'
But a -Small Proportion of the Con-
SHERMAN'S PASSENGERS
' ARE FIT FOR DISCHARGE
At the forty-eighth annual meeting of
the Y. M. C. A. held in the association
hall lest night an interesting annual re
port *as presented. The membership is
3604. which shows a big increase 6ver that
of last year. In the night school depart
ment there are over 250 students. Em
ployment has been secured for 240 'men,
and the various lectures and j entertain
ments of the past year ha\*e been well
patronized. The report of the religious
section also showed an encouraging con
dition of affairs.. The treasurer's report
shows a total expenditure in all depart
ments of $24,848 04,-t leaving a balance of
$40 32.
Y. M. C. A. Reports Received.
NEW JUDGES TAKE
OATH OF OFFICE
Sloss, Kerrigan and Graham
Succeed Belcher, Bah'rs
and Daingerfield.
The new Justices of the Peace, meeting
in bank in Judge Long's courtroom, elect
ed Kerrigan's, successor Presiding Judge.
Justice G. W. F, Cook is determined not
to relinquish his office without making a
fight. He has petitioned the Attorney
General - to • ascertain If he cannot insti
tute quo warranto proceedings to prevent
his successor from, holding court In his
old courtroom. :
Judge Graham took his seat in the
courtroom lately occupied by Judge Cof
fey, who has moved to the courtroom
formerly occupied by Judge Daingerfield.
Judge Graham appointed Roy Gallagher
as official stenographer. W. C. Raisch
was assigned to Judge Graham's depart
ment as clerk. Judge Graham will take
up the litigation pending in the depart
ment formerly occupied by Judge Belcher.
After the new Judges had been formally
seated all of the Judges met in bank.
Judge Frank H. Dunne was elected Pre
siding Judge. No changes were made In
the Court Commission or Insanity Com
mission, and the official interpreters were
not disturbed. Thirty-six hundred trial
Jurors and 144 Grand Jurors were ordered
drawn and the court adjourned.
Judge Graham announced that he would
not take up tho active work of office for
a few days, until the result of the contest
of his election by Judge Daingerfleld was
determined. Judge Daingerfleld gained
sixty-one votes yesterday. He is now but
thirty-nine votes behind Graham, and his
counsel expect that he will be In the lead
before. the end of to-day's count. Judge
Daingerfleld'" friends now regard his fight
as practically won. and Graham and his
supporters are correspondingly gloomy.
The newly elected Justices of the Peace
also took oath of office yesterday and en
tered upon their duties. Judge J. R.
Daniel stepped into the office vacated by
Judge J. J3. Barry and Judge Percy V.
Long takes the courtroom recently occu
pied by Judge Kerrigan. Justices of tho
Peace G. C. Groezinger, ,H. L. Joachim
sen and Thomas F. Dunno also took the
oath. Judges Dunne and Groezinger, who
were re-elected, will administer Justice in
their old quarters. ¦ \
Just at noon yesterday the three newly
elected Judges, Sloss, Kerrigan and Gra
ham, filed their commissions, took' the
oath of office, 'opened court and ordered
Immediate adjournment until this morn
ing. Judge Slcss will take Judge Muras
ky's calendar and will o'ecupy the court
room vacated by Judge Belcher. Judgo
Sloss after taking his seat appointed John
J. McGinnls as official stenographer of
the court. Charles . C. Morris, formerly
with Judge Belcher, will all the office of
courtroom clerk.
Judge Kerrigan took his seat in Depart
ment 3, succeeding . Judge Bahr«.
Judge Kerrigan appointed Frank McComb
to the office of official stenographer. Wil
liam J. Kennedy was assigned to Judge
Kerrigan's court in the capacity of court
room clerk.
Lulgl F. Lastreto of 318 Front street re
ceived a cablegram from Managua, Nica
ragua, yesterday announcing his reap
polntment as Consul for tho district of
San Kranclscc
Reappointed Nicaragnan Consul.
This morning Mayor Phelan will an
nounce the names of the gentlemen who
are to be appointed to succeed the Com
missioners of the various branches of the
city government whose terms of office
expire at nocn to-day.
Under the terms of the charter the fol
lowing officials,- appointed on January 8,
iy00. will go out of office: Marsden Man
son, Board of Public Works; P. H. Mc-
Carty, Civil Service Commission; C. W.
Mark. Beard of Education; Dr. W. F.
McNutt, Police Commission; AI. M. Hecht,
Fire Commission; A. \V. Vcorsanger,
Election Commission; Frederick W. Zeile,
Park Commis-von, and Dr. Louis Bazet,
Board of Health.
In the City- Hall yesterday It was gen
erally expected that the Mayor would
make his appointments during the day,
but the chief executive stated last even
ing that he had not filled the list of ap
pointees and that he would Hot make the
names public until this morning.
The announcement that Dr. William B.
Lewltt would be appointed to the Board
of Health was not denied by the Mayor,
although he .declined to confirm or deny
any of the many guesses made as to the
probable names for the vacant positions.
Mayor Is Ready to Make the
Various Appointments
MANY VACANCIES
OCCUR TO— DAY
New Southern Pacific Pres
ident Meets Heads of
Departments.
Prppidpnt Charles M. Hays' first busi
ne?s day In San Francisco was given up
largely to becoming acquainted with th^
beads of the various departments of the
Southern Pacific Company and Incidental
ly noting the conduct and general routine
of affairs in the different offices In the
yellow building. Mr. Hays occupies th<-
FREDERICK POSTEL. a boss j
teamster, was arrested last even
ing: on complaint of his wife, Mrs.
Annie C. Postel, who charges him
with "adnsir.istering poison, to j
wit, illuminating gas, with intent to kill."
The Postels. together with their three
children. Willie aged 4, Ethel aged 8 and !
Fred aged 19. have been living at 8 Boyc*
ctreet. Father and mother and the two
younger children occupied one room, tbe
mother sharing her bee with the children.
According to Mrs. Postel's etory. 6he
was awakened on Thursday evening by ;
the crying of Willie, who complained that
he was ill. She took the child in her arms j
and finding that he was pale and almost
unconscious, ehe hurried with him to an
adjoining room, where she bathed his
brow and finally restored him to con
sciousness. Upon retiring with her son
to her room Mrs. Postel claims she found
her little daughter unconscious. She car- j
ried her also into the kitchen and bath- I
HAYS INTRODUCED
TO SUBORDINATES
Ing her head restored her to consciousness
and returned acatn to her room. It wa3
then, Mrs. Postel claims, she discovered
that the apartment was filled with gas,
and upon lnvestigatiou found that al
though one Jet was burning, the unllghted
burner was also turned on full force. Mrs.
Postel claims that upon making this dis
covery she charged her husband with
attempting to kill her and the family, and
that he then declared Lhat he intended to
do away with himself, and that when he
went they would co with him.
Mrs. Postel declares that her husband
has often threatened to take her life.
One year ago, she says, he attempted to
poison her by mixing poison in her food.
On the 22d of last January Mrs. Pos
tel began proceedings for divorce on the
grounds of cruelty, but upon the advice of
her relatives withdrew the charges and
a reconciliation followed.
Postel was arrested last evening shortly
after 5 o'clock at his stand at the corner
of Mission and Second streets.
"There is absolute'y no truth In the
charges lodged against me;*' said Postel.
"On Thursday evening my little son was
ill and my wife, myseif and the children,
who slept in my room, were all awake.
There was a coal oil stove burning in the
room and I declared that the smell of
the burning oil was the cause of th*
child's nausea. I turned oft tne stove and
lit the gas. In doing so another jet musr
have been accidentally- turned on. Tho
room was filled with the odor of coal oil
and that is probably why we did not smeii
the gas till fully a half hour after I lit
it. When I did smell It and found tne
jet turned on I immediately opened up all
the windows and let the air circulate
through the rooms.
"As to that poison 3tory my wife tells,
that is also untrue. At the time she re
fers to she ate some canned fruit that
made her 111."
Mrs. Postel Is a comely woman of about
40 years. After she left her Boyce-street
home she sought and found shelter with
friends at Polk and Lombard streets.
The Postcls have been married twenty
one years and have tour children, the
three named and Richard, a Jockey, now
In the East, aged 16.
THE birth of the new year and cen
tury with its promise of plenty
of cheer failed to infuse new hope
and vigor Into the veins of many,
as is shown Try the long list of
those who would rather commit self-mur
der than live as they had been living.
Yesterday four men. tired of continuing
the struggle, ended their lives and a
young woman who made a similar at
tempt was saved by the Receiving Hos
pital surgeons.
Being; unable any lonper to endure my great
sufferingr» I put an end to them. Pletro Gori
has assisted me In my tribulation. Greeting
to all. j SALVATORE DE LUCA.
After writing these words on a slip of
paper De Luca lighted a charcoal flre in
a small brazier, closed the door and the
windows of his room and lay down until
drowsiness overcame him and ¦wafted him
into the dreamless slumber of death.
De Luca lived at 4 St. Charles place. He
was a bachelor, 50 years old. sick and de
spondent.
Heartbroken because of the death, of his
wife, George Beauchamp, a young man of
23 years, came home from the funeral on
Sunday and kept his room, plunged in si
lent sorrow. His body was found in bed
yesterday at 704 Lorkin street by his
mother. Mrs. Mahler. Both gas burners
were turned on. An Inquest will be held.
Charles F. Renner, a saw filer, 50 years
old, committed suicide yesterday morning
at his home in the rear of 4215 Twenty
third street by blowing, off the top of his
head with a Winchester repeating rifle.
Renner formerly worked as a saw flier
and machinist for the firm of Hlrschfelder
& Meaney, but was obliged to quit be
cause of sickness. Becoming despondent
and despairing of getting well, he ended
his life. He left three sons Frederick,
who lived with him. and Charles and
John, who are in Vallejo. He was a wid
ower. ¦ , :
While exercising hl3 greyhounds on the
San Bruno road between the Five and
Six Mile houses vesterday afternoon
Michael Connell discovered the body of
a man on the Johnson & Brown ranch
a short distance from the road. A bottle
partly filled with carbolic acid told the
story of suicide. The body was taken to
the Morgue. From effects found on de
ceased It was learned that the body was
that of Herbert B. Trenear, a journeyman
baker, who until recently had been em
ployed in the shop of John Gammer at
2843 Twenty-second street. Trenear s
mother and sister, who live In San Jose,
were notified and later Mrs. Tease, the
sister, telephoned that she would send for
the body. Deceased was 25 years of age
and single. , . . . .
Tired of life and disgusted with things
In general, Blanch Martin, a young wo
man 24 years of age, swallowed a dose ot
chloroform yesterday. She was found in
her room at 905% Mission street by Officer
F F Dougherty, who summoned an am
bulance and sent her to the Receiving
Hospital. Dr. Bacigalupl soon had tn<«
voung woman out of danger and assigned
her to a cot In the woman's ward. Later
In the day she said she was a married
woman, but did not know where her hus
band was.
Thomas Foster and W. P. Rodgers. cat
tlemen from New Mexico, narrowly es
caped death by asphyxiation in their room
at the New Western Hotel early yester
day morning. Both men are strangers in
San Francisco, and 3hortly after their
arrival Sunday night started out to see
the town. They returned to their hotel
at a late hour and went up to their room,
requesting the night clerk before retiring
to see that they were called at 6 a. m.. aa
they were to .leave town on an early
train. To this 'fact they owe thetr ltves.
When he went to call them he noticed the
strong smell of gas coming from their
room and immediately broke in the door.
He found the men in their beds, uncon
scious and gas escaping from an open jet.
Dr Rogers was hastily summoned, as
was also the ambulance from the Receiv
ing Hospital. By the time it arrived the
GIBBS MAY MAKE
FIGHT FOR PLACE
Turned Down by the
Collector.
¦ »
Ex-Clerk in Custom House
J. D. Gibbs of the National Ath
letic Club applied to Customs Collector
Stratton yesterday to be reinstated In hi3
former position as "clerk" in the office
of the cashier of the Custom-house. Ac
companying, his request was a mass of
correspondence upon the subject of his
former standing under the civil service
rules and letters from, many officials In
dorsing Mr. Gibbs as a man of honor and
probity, i
Mr. Stratton denied the application,
and Mr. Gibbs may tajce legal steps to
ward his reinstatement on the ground
that the position from which he was dis
placed without . investigation and without
any assigned cause, as he alleges, is pro
tected by the civil service regulations.
The documents filed by Mr. Glbbs yester
day Bhow that on October 11, 1S35, Mr.
Gibbs' position was changed from that of
cashier to "clerk to act as . cashier,"
which position Is alleged to be within the
civil Bervlce. On. October 11, 1S97— just two
years later — Collector Jackson addressed
a note to Gibbs announcing that by order
of the Treasury Department his services
would be no longer required.
Mr. Glbbs produces letters to show that
Collector Jackson received from the Sec
retary of the Treasury a letter signed
"Citizen," In which the anonymous writer
called the attention of the Secretary to
the fact that- Glbbs was an officer in the
National Athletic Club, an organization
for the exhibition of prizefighting con
tests. Mr. Gibbs was requested by Col
lector Jackson to make answer to- the ac
cusation of the anonymous "knocker" and
he did so by showing that his superior
officer knew of his connection with tho
National Club and had no objection to
it, and that he had placed the club's
money in the Custom-house safe on only
one occasion, and then there was no
Government money in It. He contends
that he should have had a trial under
the civil service rules and an opportunity
to defend himself In a legal and proper
manner. - -
doctor had succ*e*".ed in getting: Foster
out of danger, but Rodgers was not so
fortunate. He wa^ taken to the hospital,
where Drs. Bunnell and Baclgalupi la
bored over him for an hour before they
succeeded In bringing him to.
Foster, In explanation, said his chum
had gone to bed, leaving him to turn off
the gas. This he did, but Rodgers was
doubtful of his ability to do the thing
right, and insisted upon getting up to
make sure, ana in doing so must have
turned it on.
Frank Lyle. an emjloye of the city.
while at work in one of the sawers at
Sixth and Howard streets yesterday •eras
overcome by sewer gas and rendered nn
conscious. He was pulled out by his com
panions in the nick of time. Before the
ambulance arrived he had recovered suf
ficiently to be conveyed to his home at
217 Clara street.
Walter Ikencotter, better known as
Walter Williams, the night watchman, at
the Central Theater, was found by tho
carpenter employed at the theater yes
terday morning in one of the dressing
rooms in an unconscious condition. He
was evidently overcome by gas, the smell
of which filled the place. An ambulance
was summoned and he was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where Dr. Badgalupl
succeeded in restoring: him to conscious
ness. The attaches of the theater think
that the watchman had gone asleep on
the lounge in the dressing-room and had
rolled off, alighting on the gas tube con
nected with a small stove, disconnecting
it- He will recover.
¦ .
THREE MEN WHO VOLUNTARILY ENDED THEIR EXISTENCE YESTERDAY BECAUSE THEY LACKED
THE COURAGE OR STRENGTH TO CONTINUE THE STRUGGLE OP LIFE. TWO DIED BY ASPHYX
IATION, WHILE THE THIRD USED A RIFLE BULLET.
The ordinance providing for a grant to
the San Francisco and San Joaquln Val
ley Railway Company of a. right of way
and the right to construct and operate a
railroad from Illinois street, near Marin,
thence southerly along Q street, formerly
Tombigbee, to Fifteenth avenue South,
was passed to print by the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday. ',
Reed objected to its passage because he
contended that under Its provisions the
franchise might be transferred to the
Santa Fe road, which in turn could assign
it to the Southern Pacific Company. Cap
tain A. H. Payson, vice president of the
Santa Fo, however, disclaimed any inten
tion on the part of the road to / assign the
franchise to the Southern Pacific Com
pany.
Comte and Tobln urged the passage of
the ordinance on the ground that a com
peting transcontinental line was'desir
able. All the members of the board, with
the exception of Reed, agreed with them
when the vote on passage to print was
taken.
The ordinance establishing the pound
limits so as to make them co-extensive
with the limits of the city was passed to
print. The ordinance will go into effect
on March 1, 1901, should it be finally
passed at next Monday's meeting. Tne
vote on passage to print was: Ayes —
Booth, Braunnart, Brandenstein, Comte,
Montana, Hotaling, Jennings, McCarthy,
Tobin and Wilson; noes— Connor, Curtis,
L>'Ancona, Dwyer and Reed.
The ordinance regulating tne use of pub
lic streets xor placing therein pipes and
conduits for supplying water, gas, elec
tricity or other nuid tor light, power or
other purpose; providing for fees for in
spection and supervision of excavating by
tne Beard of Works, and providing for
damages and Indemnity for damages, was
finally passed.
D'Ancona introduced a resolution, which
was referred to the Joint Hospital and Fi
nance Committee, providing for the ap
propriation of $2500 for a building to be
erected near the City and County Hospi
tal to be devoted to the care of persons
afflicted with contagious or infectious dis
eases other than smallpox or leprosy.
The resolution providing for the pur
chase of an X ray apparatus for the
Health Department at a cost of JlUOO was
finally passed.
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs petitioned the board not to adopt
the specifications for street paving until
the asphalt pavement on Grant avenue
nas had a fair test. The ordinance desig
nating the specifications for asphalt,
bituminous and wooden pavements was
returned to the Board of Works at its own
request for revision so as to include the
use of asphalt on unaccepted streets.
The ordinance providing for the repay
ing of Sacramento, Clay and Washington
streets from Montgomery to Sansome
street with asphait or bituminous rock
on a six-inch concrete foundation was
passed to print.
The Board of Public Works was directed
to place desks in the registration room of
the Registrar's office for use of the Re
corder's copyists until May 1, 1901.
A resolution granting the Merchants'
Ice and Cold Storage Company permission
to lay a ten-Inch pipe line under Lom
bard street from the bay shore to the
company's premises on Lombard street,
near Sansome. was passed to print.
The roadway of Alameda street, be
tween Seventeenth and Mariposa, ' was
conditionally accepted and that of Florida
street, between Seventeenth and Mariposa,
fully accepted.
The City Attorney filed an opinion In
which he advises that there is no provis
ion in the charter under which the city
may lawfully pay for street work upon
an unaccepted street unless such work is
a matter of urgent necessity.
Tbe ordinance providing for the ap
pointment of an expert bookkeeper to as
sist the board in its Investigation of the
books of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany was passed to print.
A resolution directing the Board of
Works to order the removal of the fence
surrounding the old Baldwin Hotel prop
erty was adopted.
A resolution directing the Board of
Works to ascertain whether the material
furnished for Spear-street wharf is up to
the standard called for in the specifica
tions was adopted. ._
The City Engineer was requested to
make an examination into the amount of
operating expenses of the Spring Valley
"Water Company which should be set aside
in the water rate ordinance.
Booth's ordinance limiting the height of
sidewalk fences to eight feet was referred
to the Hospital Committee. v
The 'board adjourned to meet on Satur
day at 2 p. m. f to take up the water rate
investigation. ,
Pound Limits to Bs Made Same
as City's — Street - Paving
Ordinance Passed to
Print.
Supervisors Pass to Print
the Privilege for Q
Street.
VALLEY ROAD IS
GIVEN FRANCHISE
THE SAX FKANGISCO CALL,. TUESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1901.
Four Unfortunates to Whom the New Century
Brought No Change for the Better Give Up
in Despair and Put End to Earthly Suffering
FIND DEATH PREFERABLE
TO LIFE WITHOUT CHEER
Mrs. Frederick Postel H'as Her Spouse Arrested
for Trying to End the Lives of Herself
and Two Children by Gas Asphyxiation.
CHARGES HER HUSBAND
WITH ATTEMPTED MURDER
THE "WOMAN* WHO CAUSED HER HUSBAND'S ARREST FOR AX ALLEGED ATTEMPT TO EXTERMINATE HIS
FAMILY BY GAS ASPHYXIATION. THE MAN ACCUSED AND THE HOUSE IN WHICH THE TWO CHIL
DREN WERE NEARLY SUFFOCATED.
Union Church Services.
12
DR.MQNULTY.
ri^ms xruLXr-KSovrs \ytxt rkliable old
L 8jwclalistettre#n!oo<1 Poison, GoaorrhCBA,G!ee~
Stricture, Seminal WcaUnw, Impotrncr and their
¦Uteri Disorders. Boole on Diseases of Men. frML
OveriO rearVexpcr'ence.Tprnn reasonable. Honnl
«to3da!ly;a::»u>4.a0ev'Bs. Sundays. 10 to li ConTuU
uulonfreeandsiicrecSlyconadentlal. Can or address
P. ROHCOK M«\UIiTY, 31. D
80 >i Keuruy S*v San Fraucl-co. CaJ
PILES
Any one knows and knows 'when cured. W«
have [ offered a reward of $23 for 4 year* her»
In Los Angeles to any on* with Plies who could
not be cured with 1 Box of Verus Pll» Cure.
and not one ' person has claimed tha reward.
We now offer and will pay any on* suffering
with Piles $50 who cannot be cured with Verus
Pile Cure. Our record ihowa over 10, COO cured.
Write for information. Perhaps w« have your
neighbor's testimonial. Price $2. postpaid.
VERUS PILE CUBE CO., ROOD 226, WllSOQ BU
Or ELLINGTOX DRUG CO.. Wholesale and
Retail Drusrgtsts. Agts.. Fourth, and
Spring Sts.. Los Angeles. CaL
EVERY WOMAN
is interested and should know
jk^^v about the wonderful
jfHK MflRVEL -S BBS* 8
St\\ f Qt»V\;b V> I A The new Vaffinal STrfair e.
Mi I V^ V\WiB*\ M Injection and Suction.
\\VJ2kV^ cMl Best-Safest-Most Coo-
venient. It Cleanses
Instantly.
Ask your druggist for It. \», flEzy „•** .••S~^"~**~~
If he e»nnot aupplr &e NftA^f ''''/'•/'.¦'.'g^
MAUVIIL, accept nn \ -tl^-^^.
other, but *xnA *t»mr> for tlln*. V- M ""•%/, '\*
tratpdbook— ¦PMlP<t. It eires fall ' V^ a "''/M
particulars mn<l <lirwttrn« Invaluable- *\' /. /M
toladie- M.tHVKL ( O.. H^?--""/ \T
Hnnnioflollim-* Itiltr.. AewTnrk °>^i£iy^
The whiskey that touches the right epot every
time is Jesse Moore; to be had from all ¦ flrst-
daxs dealers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleanses. 4
Pears' shaving soap is
the best in all the world.
All sorts of people nse Pears' soap, all sorts
of stores sell it, especially druggists.
yfnfo CANDY CATHARTIC^. °*
Genuine stamped CCC Never told In bulk.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "just as good.
I 30 Days Only, |
IH S§ DISCOUNT I
on All Plates, Crowns and £j
Brid£ework. - n
¦a Flllinfcs, 30c Crowns, $3.30 S
\\ Plates, 85.00 Full Set M
S CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS. |
| 24 Sixth Street. fj
Regina.
Owners.
Sherman, Clay & Co. have re-
cently received many late rec-
. ore's of music for the Regina
Music Boxes, using lS^i-inch
discs. Among them are "My
Blushing Rose." "My Tiger
Lily." "I Can't Tell Why I Love
You. But I Do," "The Man Be- j
. bind the Gun. one of Sousa's *
latest, etc., as well as selections \
from the late comic operas—
"The Belle of New York." "The :
Singing Girl." "The Jolly Mus-
keteer." "The Runaway Girl."
etc.
This Is a great feature of the
Regina*— to be able to have rec-
ords of the late pieces as fast as
they become popular, which
Bhow« that the manufacturers
Ire very progressive.
Everybody is invited to viatt
j the Regina rooms of Sherman.
* Clay & Co.. and also f>ee and j
hear the Zon-o-phones. Stewart
[ Banjop, G*o. Bauer Guitars and
Mandolins, etc. f
Catalogues upon request. Cor-
respondence solicited from out
of town people.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
j Steinway Piano Dealers,
Cor. Keamy and Gutter et«.. 8 T
Cor. 18th and Broadway. Oakland*
Cor. Park and Washington, Portland.
TU Second ave., Seattle.