beauty.*""" TVe* don't get on again until the>
fourth act, to we sit down and watch. •
As soon as.tht curtain rolls down, all
l«.!n wildcat confusion. An army of .work
men spring- up from somewhere, men slide
fourth act. Pretty soon we eotne dowB,"
all dignity, most gorgeous costumes with
trains two' yards long thrown over our
a«m». >We dance on -*tb« st*ge."- alt at a
table a. moment or two. where we munch
!A dispatch to a London newspaper from
Rome "^ys that the Pope haa ordered
that - about 130,000 old 'swords, halberds,
spears and ' battleaxcs In the Vatican
armory te melted and the iron sold. A
furnace for the purpose has been erected
Jn the Vatican gardens. The weapons are
useless except as curios and cost a great
deal to keep them polished
07"" 7 "cT Sens* tw^nty-Sve or thirty
applicants to "'eupe** ' !n Bern
hard t's company I happened t 0 be
one of the lucky five girls selected.
Joy cf Joys! We leave the Jcstllng,
anxious b<:t withal merry crowd that had
gathered in the allcyray back of the thea
ter and «-nt*r that paradise for aspirants—
the etace door.
Aft^r a very «hort rehearsal, a few.or
ders when to come on and off the stage
at the proper tirr«». and we are dismissed.
"Come at 7 o'cltK:k," says the stage man
ager..
A eight behind the scenes at an ordl
eary induction has its attractions, but
m 'credos on the stage with this reprc
-*t nt * Uv * company of la b«lle France, with
Clvlne Sarah as star, is particularly
fascinating.
, Bevea o'clock— the great stage at. the
There is a tramping of many feet out
side and the fifty men "supers" give. their
names at the door, where a man consults
the list in his hand as they Hie up the
narrow winding stairway to their garret
dressing-room. Soon I am Joined by the
other four girls, mostly students and nov
ices In this atmosphere.' s
The wardrobe woman takes us in charge
The electrician comes in and confers
with the stage manager: the doorkeeper
brlr-es a card, which is Immediately sent
beck, "No strangers allowed on the stage,
Bernhardt's orders."
Grand Opera-house Is cleared, the lights
ore dim,- the hushed silence of a deserted
playhouse Is broken ' only by the desul
tory conversation of a few stagehands,
one cf whom tosses up a coln^ saying,
"•Heads' we're here till 12.\ 'tails" we
don't, quit before 1; 'tails' wins."
and gives each a coiitame for the first- act
.We put them on as' quickly as possible,
then find a place that' oVerlooK*' the stage.'
'•There she comes,",wh|spers-.one' of the
girls.'' The flash' of ; .wblteVlk trlm
mings^of ¦Bi'bje,' and the queen jDf^Iheat
ricals.v elie" "yyh.o.^has'' swept the*. whole
gamut of corned j"and - tragedy • with sov
ereign ..-eoae, ;*trails -&pp 4 . soft- draperies
across thestageA \ -. ,'} .'. ', )¦'¦¦: '¦ .'¦',
Dr. CaJasarato walks' by' . her side "and
together thoy*consull'a5"to the.pos'ilblllty
of draughts. Evidently, the madame Is m
excellent spirits,- for she smiles "a greeting
here, graciously, extends a hand there, as
the various leading members of thocom
pany make their appearance. ".>.
Again the door swings ta and Coquelln,
the great comedlan,:enters. -Madame puts'
forth both hands,;whlch he takes* In his
as ho bestows the customary : BaJuatlon of
FVance, lightly - kissing v her^ on -'either,
cheek. A'moirieht 1 of lively conversation,*
then each ' to itKelr .dress!ng-rooaL';V.The
stage Is' ln'the hand*' of 'th's^workmen and
the' scene for the first act goes up like
magic ¦ , -¦•.. .•> ., Ysk :- ..
.Boon : the orchestra plays, , a. murmur
comes from the audience, for th'* house Is
already,. half filled. -.,
¦We leave our place on the stairway and
slip, down to the: little peep hole In the
curtain. ....
Ah,, what a satisfaction, to all unob
served.- criticize to oar hearts' content.
Soon three dull raps signifies the rising
of the curtain and- we go on. "Stroll on
in groups -and pretend ¦ to ; be talking, act
natural,? said'the manager In the wings.
"All right." so on we Btrolled oa per direc
tions and acted, I Imagine, about aa "nat
ural" as. dummy 'figures in a «how win
dow. Pretty: soon a girl. brings us a dish
of Ice i cream which j Is > delicious, j but -we
no more than, taste It 'when some one In
the center , of ( the j stage says "bing/* or.
something .. equivalent, everybody looks
startled, the attendant takes away our. Ice
cream, and all but.the principals leave the
stage. That concludes our act. ./,':'
S I3*>'rnhardt j haa entered, only .one "rmnd
and the eternal "talc* eax«r it the scene
snifters. At last the curtain comes down
for good.' Coquelln la congratulating the
Madame,' who seems mnch pleased at th*
reception she -receives.
I am told that the demonstration Is
greater here than at any place sine* the
company left New York. ! So much for
Frisco, which generally appreciates art
where there Is art. !
Madame has gone to her dressing-room;
the stage is practically deserted, so we
hurry to the front to watch the audience
come out.
Ma drops her handkerchief; pa leaves
the opera-glasses on the seat: somebody
steps down and tears Gwendolyn's skirt.
A. certain lieutenant is telling his fair la<!y
how he has .been brushing up., in tx'.s
French for a couple of months In order to
enjoy this play,. but until the fourth act
he was entirely at sea, when suddenly h«
heard the word "chapeau." and although
It was said quickly he was positive it
meant "hat," and ho could not restrain
his applause — In fact, he wanted to encore
that word, It being the only thing in the
whole play that he understood. I wonder
if he got his $4 worth In that orchestra
seat?
AngeUne/ comes out with a fluffy white
headdress. In which she would rock heav
enly, were It not for that furrowed brow.
You should not frown. . Angle: he may
send you a box of candy and a dozen
Jacqueminqts In apology for your rival by
his side to-night.
At, the door some take carriages, othe-s
cars, but most walk. The play fa ended.
Those who came anticipating dJsrnpo'r.t
mentwent away happy. It Is only hunjam
to like to have one's prophecies fulfilled.
Surely Bemfcardt Is not as yoathful as
the numerous Interviewers would make
her, but the Is a wonderful woman. For
years she has had, and stMI continues ?o
have.- the unanimous verdict of fxo con
tinents that she is the greatest acrr-~s3
living, her only weakness telnjr a pecultar
eccentricity of wishing to portray mal*
'characters. '--V
One more act and already after II! Th*
stage hand who tossed up the coin says,
"I told you so." Once again confusion
"We see very little of Madam* Barn
hardt/* says one of the girls In the ©ota
pany. ."Only at rehearsals and the play,
and then she always keeps In her room
until her cue is near. ' Madame like* not
the. cold. She declares . that she cannot
play *CamMe* unless th* temperature be
comes more mild.**
A stage hand appears mnch Interested
In this seene. He turns to the maa Doa*
him and says: "By jover that's pretty
mild for her. Thought maybe she'd tea/
about a _ bit. Remember when she was
here eight years agoT No? Well, she
had a beautiful dog, a great Dane. One
evening the animal was Injured some way
or other, but no one would dare to tell
the 'divine' till after th* show. Bhe might
get mixed up in her lines and hxui a frr
cuss words or so at the audience. After
the show ahe was told about It, and yra
should har* seen her. Tbe fellow that
had charge of the dog was found, and,
geel but she gave It to him. Ones* Ofcs*
fellow thinks she* ¦got a temper all right. 1 *
"What's the trouble? The platform upon
¦which madame stands la the fifth act Is a
few inches too low. It shall be remedied
at once, said the manager. "Is she an
gry?" I Inquire of one of the company*
"Ah. mon Dleu: you would not wish to see
or hear Madame when she Is ont of tem
per."
"We Join ¦ the little group around the
Madame. Somethin? Is wr<~«;. Madame
stamps her foot and gives orders. Tha
stage manager with infinite tact tries to
explain matters and subdue the storm
which Maria me' » face Indicates Is brew-
Ing.
eaVes and go thronrh a pontomtine «f
talking. Booh one of the actor* calls In
a loud voice. "Entre!" That 1* our cue
to go ofT. so we locate the left npp*r en
trance and rclt. Bernhardt seems to
have conquered the cold hous*. She Is
recalled, bows. Is 'recalled ajra'.n. Four
times "the curtain icors up: four times
there Is applause, ending In prolonged en
thusiasm.
dcrw-n ropes from the CV* and setxs piece*
of scenery,' which are lowered by m«ani
of pulley e, whole sides of rooms, windows
and doors Included, come flown try this
method; In five minute* the room Is com
plete. Mr. Latham, the manager for
Gran, stands, an . Imposing picture' In
evening: dress, calmly giving- orders as to
the adjustment of this or that piece of
scenery or furniture. Bernhardt's man
ager takes his place In the wings with a
prompt book, which, by the way. Is much
needed In this production. Everything Is
¦burly burly; orders are given In French,
English and - patois. A dainty Parisian
with flashing ' eyes and slender -ankles
.glides by, holding her skirts high In order
to dear the dusty floor. At last the stag*
la one* more set, the act Is on. An extra
girl tiptoes over to peer through the
crack In the door. I am about to follow
when a French stage hand gruffly orders
her away. With American Independence
and a fine disregard for stage rules, she
tosses her head saucily and says; "No
parlez-vous Francals," and calmly keeps
her place at the crack. • The man slirugs
his shoulders and j walks off. The fifty
wea fvper»> now come down from their
drr*kiiig room, to represent the Austrian
army. Oh, the witchery of the stag*
• craft I 'One short hour has transformed
thlg miscellaneous lot Into dignified col
onels . and generals, who, at fifty cents
per night, consent to flash their gold
braid In the eyes of an admiring audi
ence.
¦.'¦"We watch our opportunity and take an
¦ other look through' the hole In the cur
tain, • There, In the fourth row, Sirs.
Grundy . leans over and whispers to her
neighbor that "she does not think so
much of Btrahirdt." Then, leveling her
opera, glasses,' the sweeps everything
.within rang*. Look out. Mrs. Grundy;
yon will dislocate your pretty neck try
ing to see who In swelldom Is here. A
few rows .from the front a certain hand
. soms artist sits In faultless attire. Know
ingly he follows the play, and many a
round cf Intelligent applause begins there
and Is taken up by the non-French-speak
ing and less critical element.
• Kow we rush, away to dress for the
" sjf | applause, cold | Hens*, wit w*tt--«ne
•peaks! The tones reverberate; they
reach the topmost neat in the gallery.
The witchery. the silvery rlpplln* mel
•4j of a) perfect vole*. These »we«t tone*
would siir a heart of marble. When the
curtain comei down, a maid stands in the
wins* with a wrap. In which she envel
opa Madame, who passes quickly with a
springy step peculiar to youth; her form
Is slender, the wealth of golden hair gils
g tens under the light, the Illusion is com
plete until you scrutinize her face.
Young? Certainly, for a grandmother;
but th&t everlastlnf press a^ent rant
about eternal youth 'Is a question with
two Interrelation mark*. Perhaps, after
all. personality Is a greater factor In the
ll£o of ' an actress .than" either youth or
. ¦•¦'..*.• -.:¦".
SUNDAY CALL
MAGAZINE SECTION
MY EXPERIENCE AS A SUPE -
BEHIND THE SCENES
WITH BERNHARDTMme. Sembrich did "so, and after that
her Polish songs were .a- regular feature
of her appearances in St. Petersburg. But
In other parts of Russia they were not so
well received. .* - --^ ,--."'• v
On her way back to Dresden from St.
Petersburg m that year Mme. Serabrich
sang at Vllna, one of , the former ¦ Polish
"But. your Majesty. -I can sing Chopin
only In Polish," .she. answered. ' .»
"Why, sing It in Polish, of course," he
rejoined. . ..,,.,. .. , ¦ ' .
She sang the first song in the Polish lan
guage that had been heard for many
years In St. Petersburg. She sang as an
encore once a song of Chopln's/and to her
astonishment the audience in the opera
house heard ( lt with great enthusiasm; It
was after thl» -that 'she went; to the im
perial palace to sing for Alexander. II.; He
asked her to sing Fome of Chopin's songs.
"The end of it all was: that before I left
Bayreuth it was' settled that the concert
was not to be In Bismarck'B honor. That
promise was made 'positively. When -I
¦went to Leip«lc-I was anxious to see how
the programme would be printed. Iw'as
6till determined not to appear If the con
cert was announced as in Bismarck's,
honor. I sent 'or one of tho programmes
as eoon as Tarrlved. On, it was only one
mention of Bismarck's name.' After the
announcement of Beethoven's 'Erolca'
symphony appeared the phrase -'In' honor
of Bismarck.' Tho rest of the concert had
nothing to do -with Bi8marck,\and I^felt
that my countrymen would feel that I had
acted Just as a loyal Pole should."
. be in memory of Bismarck. That shocked
her no that she telegraphed to Lelpsle.to '
discover ,lf It were really so. The answer
came back that ivwas perfectly correct
that the concert was Intended as a memo
rial of Bismarck. Mme. Sembrlch was an-"
ncjunced-to sing the "Casta Diva" from
•''Xorma," and tho letter written from
I>eipsic to confirm the telegram contained
.the information that the b!ow movement
in*that was thought to be especially suit
ed to such a concert. V
"I had no desire to Join in any memorial
to honor. Bismarck," Mme. Sembrlch said,
"and I knew that my own people would
never forgive me If my name appeared on
the programme of the Gewandhaus'as the
: soloist of a concert given In his memory.
I immediately telegraphed fronwBayreuth,
where I was then stopping, that it- would
be out of the question for me' to appear.'
I begged them to. engage another soloist,
and telegraphed to my husband 'at Dres
den to get him to Inform the management
of the Gewandhaus' that nothing could
persuade me to take part In a Bismarck
memorial of any kind. " '
She sang last year at the first Gewand
haus concert In Lelpsic as a favor to Ar
thur Nikisch.. the conductor, who is an in
timate friend of . her and her husband.
While at Bayreuth she^saw a newspaper
which announced that The concert was to
Mme. Sembrlch is one of the thrco
Polish musical people' known to this coun
try. The others are Jean de Reszks and
Paderewskl. She is a loyal Pole, although
she does not spend much of h«r time ; n
her native land. There Is a little story
told which show* her loyalty better than
any assurances on her" part .ever could.
"It is In Russia that the purely Italian
opera is kept up in better fashion than In
any other place. The Impresario gives
yearly a season of about two months*
duration. The best of the^Italian singers
are brought there and the productions aro
the most elaborate made anywhere fn
Europe. Wagner's works have not taken
the same hold there with the public that
they have In the other European coun •
tries. Some of them are 'eung In Italian,
but the season is devoted chiefly to the
old classic Italian .works. When I Bay
Italian I mean of the Italian school as
well. Meyerbeer and Gounod are. of
course, popular. The enormous prices
paid In St. Petersburg and Moscow enable
the Impresarios to obtain the very beat
singers from Italy. In the smaller towns,
too, the gains to a popular singer aro very
great. But one must be known and liked.
Then there Is more wealth. for them In
Russia than In any ; other country in
Europe." . , .".
"One thing which seems strange to me
about this country." Mme. Sembrich said,
"is that the majority of people here *eetn
to know of only two opera-houses in
Europe. These 'are Covon't Garden and
Bayreuth. As the Covent Garden season
only continues for a month* or two In the
summer, I have wondered What became of
the European singers during the rest of
the time. And at Bayreuth the perform
ances are not even given every year. Only
the Wagner singers go thore as a general
rule. Yet several persons have askod me,
'Where have you be«?n, madam, j for the
past ten years V I say In St. Petersburg,
which is, of course, a long distance away
from New Tork. at the Imperial Opera ii»
Vienna. In Berlin and in Madrid. .Yet of
those places Americans eay nothing anl.
rarely eeem to have heanVof them. I have
not sung In London for three years. After
my long seasons on the Continent I was
usually so tired that the trip from my
home in Dresden to London never seemed
worth the while for the few performances
that the artists usually give there. The
EingerB rarely appear oftener than threo
or four times, and that is not worth a trip
from Dresden to L>ondon and back again. r
"But for years I have continued my
Etudies as a' singer. I ptill practice one
hour every day at the piano and devote
the same amount of time to singing. Th.-it
hour, however.. I divide into four. part-?,
and sing for' only fifteen minutes at a
time. That is the history < I my musical
s'udies. It Is almost Impossible to say
when they began. My fingers Tvere on tho_
piano keys long before I could stretch an
octave. My studies have not ended yet
and I cannot tell when they will. The
person who 'would continue to kerp a
place in music must always struggle to
improve. It is not enough to ke<*p up to
one's own standard. There must be con
stant effort at something hotter.
But I retired for nearly two years after
that time. I was ctiU so young that there
was plenty, of time to complete* my educa
tion in a way that should be satisfactory
to me and my facher. So I went to Dres
den and when I sang again it was in the
Royal Opera-house.
"I had to sign a paper, however, prom
ising that I would never sing in Polish
again in Vllna, and at my second concert
I left out the Chopin songs. Every year
I have gone to Vllna and every time the
Chief of Police comes to me with the
same paper to sign, and every time I
have to sign the promise that I will not
sing in Polish. I have got to know the
Governor very wejl and he calls to see me
as. soon as I get to Vllna. But he has
got into the habit of asking me what my
ttacores will be. Only last April, when I
morning the Chief of Ponce came to my
hotel. I had one more concert to give.
1 " *I have come to say.' he told me, 'that
you must -not sing again In Polish here.'
" 'But I sang before the Czar In Polish,'
I said, 'and his Majesty did not object.'
tentative* of animal life In the far
north are rapidly diminishing In number.
The right whale has been nearly exter
minated, a falling off In the supply of the
oil seal Is noticeable, and, according to
good authorities, the walrus Is also in
danger of being wiped out. .The exter
mination of the walrus would be particu
larly deplorable, as It Is the chief food of
'the Arctic hlghlanders of Northwest
Greenland and of the Indians along the
coasts of Northern Alaska. An Arctic
explorer of this country recently said
with regard to the slaughter of walrus in
Greenland waters:
"Any one who is familiar with the con
ditions of life among the Eskimos living
north of Cape York. Greenland, must fear
for the fate of these natives, numbeiln?
only about 500 souls. They are shut in by
the ice of Melville Bay from intercourse
with any other, people In the world except
that the whites come to them nearly
every year. Their food resources are 'al
most wholly confined to walrus and seal.
mainly walrus. The Eskimos pay little
attention to hunting the reindeer with
their crude weapons. The animal is com
paratively abundant, but plays a very
small part in the domestic economy of
the Arctic highlanders.
"'Now, for ten or twelve years past
white' men have been visiting the North
Water and the region of Littleton Island
nearly every summer. They have killed
large numbers of walrus in order to take
their skins and skeletons back home to
the museums. No attention whatever.
apparently, baa been paid to the fact that
the main source of food for the natives
waa thus being endangered. I believe It
Is the general opinion among those who
know that the wholesale inroads that are
being made upon the walrus ef Northwest
Greenland should be stopped In the Inter
ests of humanity and to avert starvation
from the handful of Eskimos who eke out
a bare existence under the most difficult
circumstances In that region."
The Treasury » Department . issued, In
structions last month to th© Collector of
Customs at Port Townsend. Wash., to
urge the captains of vessels going to
ARE THE ESKIMOS
DOOMED TO
STARVATION?
VESSELS are going Into the north
ern waters of the Western world
every year, and the larger repre-
••Wtlhelm." raid his wife, "you tell
fcbout our going to Epstein."
But Wilhelm would tell nothing. He
elmply laughed with delight at the an
ticipated narrative.
"If he won't tell It I must," Mme. Sem
brlch went on. "After I had been In Lem
b*rg a year— It Is not modest to tell this,
but I must— the pupil knew almost as
much as the teacher. Wilhclm wrote to
my father that he had taught me all he
knew. He recommended Epstein of VI
enr.a to my father, and we went there to
tee Protosor Epstein. He heard me play
and I *oon became one of his pupils. There
I retrained for throe years. I had never
given up the violin, although I intended
to make the piano my specialty. Two
years after I went to Epstein I discov
ered that I had a voice, took the advice
of xr.y friends and gave up the. violin and
Tiaro. 1 studied first under Hans Rokl
tar.fkv. v.ho was then a bass in the Im
perial Opera-house In Vienna and a teach
er In the conservatory. But I soon went
to Milan and began my 6tudies there un
der I^araperti. "/.'¦*¦¦¦
"I studied for several years with Lam
pert!." Mme. Scmbrtch eaid, when the his
tory cf her work as an Instrumentalist
hrd been told, "and then came the ques
tion of a debut. I wanted to sing in.ltai
lan. nf course, and that was impossible
for en unknown singer in Germany. The
Impresario of the Italian Opera In Athens
was in Milan at the time that I thought
of a debut. He heard me sing at Lam
pertl's studio, and we decided that Athens
would be the place for my debut. So I
made a tentative first appearance as El
vira In 1 Puritan!.' I Bang for a short
time, and among my roles waa Lucia.
"My father took me to Lemberg and
Introduced me to the teacher he. had se
lected. I played for him, and h» con
tented to take me for a pupil. My se
rious work as a musician began then. I
hoped some day to b* a great pianist,
or If not that, a teacher possibly. The
last future possible eeemed to me the life
of a prima donna."
Herr Stengel had listened to this story
with nods of approval. Mine. Sembrlch
locked at him quizzically at this 6tage
of u.
After a family consultation it was decid
«d that I should ro to Lemberg and study
there under a well-known teacher named
Wllhelm Stengel. Nobody ever thought
then that he would become my husband.
But X was too young then to think of hus
bands of any kind. I was a child that had
to be sent away from the family to study.
Xjembers* waa selected as the best place,
and Herr Stengel as the best teacher for
me.-
She has a husband to uphold and ad
vise her. He is one Herr Wllhelm Sten
gel, a pianist, who had been Madame
Sembrlch'o Instructor before — yes, long
before, ehe completed her piano studies.
It is a pretty little stor>\ that, of how
ehe came to know him and of how their
friendship grew apace.
"I can scarcely remember," she eays,
"the time when I was not studying rau
elc At 4 I was playing the piano. At 6
I took up the violin. The one I used was
made by my father for me. Within two
years I was playing with him In concerts.
Then I used to play both the violin and
piano, and never thought of singing. Ours
was a musical family, but it never pro
duced elngers.
"When I was 11 years old my father had
taught me all he knew about the piano.
Which she is. She Is the musician to
her finger tips as well as her tongue tip,
for she was an accomplishe< i pianist and
violinist before ever she thought for an
Instant that a path of opera lay before
her and a much-garlanded path at that.
Marcella Sembrlch is one of the big peo
ple musically of the present, and we are
a lucky lot to have her booked for our
town. , •
We were denied her when Grau brought
his company to our shores for the simple
reason that she had left the Grau forces
previously to that in order to star in her
own company. She used to be one of
them In New Tork, then ehe took to
herself independent ways and the upshot
cf the matter was that ehe organized her
own company and took to th« road.
*¦* VARCELLA EEMBRICH Is to
/ \ / I visit us. They cay that to m«*t
I jf I her upon the street we would
I know her for a grand opera
elnger at once and not from, any
other grand opera singer. She has the
aggressively comfortable plumpness that
It the sign of the profession— the plump
ness that has reached the point at which
lta poesefsor takes violently of all foods
without flour and shuns sweets as if they
vwe strychnine. Che Is more expensively
and le*s etyllshly gowned than a dramatic
Ftar. and her personality suggests the
comfortable matron who knows how to
etock a larder and mend the family
ptocklnps. All these facts go to prove
that she is the real thing operatically.
nnroana naauucen a great pna of mnslo
to the theater and It would hav» taken
llm too long a time to get through that."
Thank heaven, we have not that kind
•f a Government. Marcella Sembrlch
ihall sinr before us In Volapuk. and It
)leaseth her, and we shall rejoice In the
rolce with which she sings and give her
eeway to do aa she likes.
THEE SUNDAY CALIi.
2
,¦¦-. '
capitals. She has' sung there regularly
every year during the ten which have
passed since she'; began to go yearly* to
St. Petersburg. * But that first visit* was
different In one Important particular from
any other. ¦ •
"To -this day." Mme. '" Sembrlch said In
telling the story, "children who speak Pol
ish on the streets of -Vllna are punished
and performances of any kind In the Pol
ish language are forbidden. : Polish Is not
allowed anywhere, and the police are still
as strict 1 as ever In trying -to pre\*ent Its
use. The first night I sang in Vilna I was
wild to slng'it song In Polish. I. spoke to
the manager about It and he Implored me
on his knees\iot to think of Buch a thing.
But I was determined* to do so if I could,
so at the end-'of-the performance,' when
the audience kept demanding encores. I
prepared for it by singing * song in: Rus
sian. Then:I sang one of Chopin's songs'
In Polish. ? . : .
"When I finished there was a moment
of absolute silence. Then came such an
outburst as I barve never Heard In my life,
I seized , , nay j husband's | arm and | stood
waiting to see what j the result would j be.
All that, I could do to bring about quiet
was to sing again. Then I Sang In,Rus
sian. Then again I sang In Polish. I had
never seea auch *. «lght bat ora. The next
appeared In Vllna, ke came to my hotel
and when he was lea-ring h« asked me
what I would sing. I had already signed
the paper and told him so.
"'Put I will come Into your dressing
room to-night,* he said, 'and see what
your music 1*/ He did come. But my
• • hi:-;
A,asKa to prevent tne knims of walrus
by persons on board of their ships. Many
of the Indians along the northern coasts
are said to be In a nearly starving condi
tion, and these orders were Issued with a
Hundreds of passengers on the steamers
to St. Michael and Cape Nome are said to
make a practice of flrins Into the herds
of walrus that they see drifting on the- ice
flo*s. A exeat many of the animals are
killed and wounded, and their bodies are
Been floating in Bering Sea and the Arctic
Ocean. This destruction Is purely wan
ton, for no good corses of it. as the pas
sengers cannot possibly recover the Ivory
or the valuable hide of the walrus. They
shoot merely for the excitement of kill-
STORIES FROM
AN
OPERA COMPANYnet Is used^ m tn* yOKe. wnicn is bor
dered with Irish i lace. A blue spangled
bow in the hair finishes the costume.
I'aqmn proauced the. ainner gown of tha
Illustration. It Is of the palest gray crepe
de-chine trimmed with tucks, gray chiffon
AMONG- the most common diseases
of the skin are acne and eczema,
one of which is known to be. and
the other probably is, the result of
the presence of a miciobe on or In the
¦kin. This microbe Is a vegetable growth,
although a very minute one, and, like
other noxious weeds, when once it has
been planted and has begun to grow it is
often extremely difficult to dislodge It.
Every fanner^knows that it is easier to
keep a field clean by constant care than
to clear it after it has once been over
grown with weeds. It is the same with
the skin. It is easier to keep the skin In
health, and .to arrest a commencing' dis
ease than to cure a disease once it has
become firmly established.. .
If it were generally understood that the
presence of a few pimples constitutes a
true skin disease, which, if neglected, will
probably grow worse, fewer person*
would suffer frcm the disfigurement of
acne.
The skin Is much like the system in
general: if It is in good condition it will
repel the assaults of disease, but if neg
lected it becomes less resistant and soon
offers a favorable soil for the growth of
noxious germs.
The skin Is one of the so-called ex
cretory organs, and If the other organs
of similar functions— the kidneys and the
bowels—do not perform their! work prop
erly, an undue proportion of the waste
products of the body must be got rid of
through the pores of ' the skin. This
throws work upon the Integument which
It Is not accustomed to perform and If
soon becomes diseased in consequence.
The first thins neqessary to' keen the
skin well is to maintain the health of tha
body by exercise, cleanliness, fresh air
day and night, good food properly cooked,
a sufficient amount of sleep and suitabta
clothing. In addition to these general
measures the skin Itself should receive
'special attention In the way of a dally
bath, followed by vigorous rubbing with a
coarse towel or flesh brush.
Some persons have naturally clear skins
while 9thers appear to have a special
predisposition to blackhead* and pimple*.
The fortunate ones must see to it that
they do not mar what nature has given
them by an unhygienic mode of life: bet
the others need not despair, for their
tendency to eruptions may often b« over
come by scrupulous care both of th» body
and of the skin itself, after the manner
above Indicated, and in such other ways
as the physician may direct. — Youth's
' Companion. >
EXCELLENT ADVICE ON CARE OP THE SKIN
The evening gown Is a Worth creation,
as anybody looking at it might know. No
body else ever works as the Worth firm
does. Others have style, taste, art even;
this has inspiration. There never was a
felt trimmed with knotted black velvet
and a single long white plume.* No color
all black, white and gray from head to
foot, save for the faint color relief of the
dressVplnk lining, thnt, gives a slight rosy
tinge to the gray and peeps now and then
when the skirt flirts about.
and black velvet. The chiffon ' Is fluted
and ruffled with itself, and It fluffs out
around the feet in a gray cloud mass. The
tucks are the tiniest that deft fingers can
make. They appear on waist, sleeves and
at the hips. The Parisian artist' believes
that there is no way so sure to achieve a
perfect fit over the hips. Narrow black
velvet ribbon bands circle the collar. The
•ame ribbon is knotted into a bow at the
bust and gathered Into a belt.
The hat for this gown Is a soft white
hind.
The sleeve is a model for the dressy
sleeve of the year. Its pleats', in groups of
threes, reach from shoulder to elbow,
there to be loosened into a short ruffle.
Below this are three fascinating little
I>u2» of net that come to the hand. Some
Ekirt and sleeves are pleated length
wise. The skirt pleats are let fly Just be
low the knees to give the flirt at the hem
that every skirt still must have. This
gown, by the way. like all the others,
touches the ground in front and swings
out to only a moderate train length be-
display.
off to perfection by the pale, cold shade.
The foulard Is not covered with sprawly
branches, such as we have come to con
sider part and parcel of the foulard silk.
Instead It is dotted with the simplest lit
tle polka dots, 110 more elaborate a design
than any ordinary summer lawn might
gripped in the teeth of a long gold buckle.
And, by the way, it is worth while not
ing that the black ostrich boa is not out
of fashion. Miss Hopkins has an Im
mense one tint she is fond of wearing
with this particular hat. For the many
women to whom the black boa is more
becoming than the faddish gray It will be
a relief to learn that the report that Paris
recognized none but the latter was a fab
rication of some dealer.
In wearing a theater dress of blue fou
lard Miss Hopkins flies in the face of tra
dition and disapproves the theory that a
brunette cannot wear the delicate shades
of blue. Her warm dark coloring Is set
The hat In b> Cere; a huge black velvet
•~cir borOerea by a drooping ostrich
P'.urae, itc trimming under the brlic
The o'-ck taffeta street sown is cut In
b'.ouse shape and Is as simple, as elegantly
c!mple &s the former. Waist and sleeves
are tucked all over and short tucks draw
the pklrt to a perfect fit over the hips.
Bands of black cloth finish skirt, lapels
and collar, and fine lfnes of gold
bra'd totlaw bome of these.
An odd boa which is worn with tht? cos
tume is of mink and £t>ld brown chiffon
that match*** and blends with the shade
of the fur. Grunwaldt is responsible for
its c>Fifr/i.
The hat that goes with th's suit is as
gorgeous as a bold designer could make
H. It started out in life to be a tam-o'
chanter. and still goes by that name,
though It h.-is been bent and crushed into
Indescribable form. It maintains, how
ever, the conventional tilt — up on the left
end c"ewn on the right. « It is of red and
pink velvet— a combination which our
milliners, prudes in art that they are.
would never think of risking.
Both of the street suits are trimmed
w!th gold, the fad of this gay century
opening year. Both are masterpieces of
Vlolette's. The cloth one Is made with
a Jacket :n simple Eton form. This jacket
has a dcc;> roll-over collar edged with a
heavy {all of Venetian lace. Criss-crosses
cf gold fcra'd follow the outline of the
Jacket irA long Carting llHes of the gold
start -jp from the hem and down from
the belt of the skirt. A scalloped panel
of black velvet Is revealed where the
*k5rt opens in front.
And the*« particular gowns In question
are as dashing as Paris skill knew how to
make them. They are that exquisite com
bination of daring and modesty that only
Parisian finesse can produce. They would
attract attention because cf their chic.
and perhaps because — well, you know It
makes much difference who wears a
gown, and It's no use pretending that
everybody could wear Mirs Hopkins'
costumes In the same way that she can.
Her height, her carriage, above all the
unfettered lines of her figure, are a*
rplendldly American as her ¦wardrobe is
French and the combination Is good to
lock upon.
Both of these are of black. Somber?
Far frcra it. The Parisian modiste, tailor
asfi milliner, artistic to their finger tips,
know well enough that there Is nothing
•0 gay as Etrocg color against a black
background. Gold, scarlet, turquoise, all
rain la vivlfineas tenfold with a black re
lief.
matinee, but that Miss Hopkins
relegates to her wardrobe of any-old
tritriga.
Those -who look upon dress as a
fine art will find it worth while to
study the wardrobe which IDss Hop
kins' rare taste has chosen.
THERE are two stunning street suit*
In the outfit, to say nothing of a
lot more that most of us stay-at
homes would consider quite splen
did enough for a Ean Frandeco
It is our good fortune to b^
privileged to see pictures of her in
several cf the costumes which.- she
brought home. They are the cos
tumes of next season. With them she
has returned to her old home and is
dazzling San Francisco society with
the glittering array.
Miss Mabel Hopkins, a San Fran
cisco girl through and through, had
the good fortune to visit Paris during 1
-its g^y season. She likewise visited
its sheps, its modistes, its milliners.
WE who tak* our Paris fash
icrs. diluted by long distance,
only once in a while have the
good fortune to find some of them
brought to our very door b7 one who
has been there and knows.
evitable sold.
De Saubin constructed the marvelous
hat for this cloak. It is as light as a
feather, made of the lightest wire frame,
covered with white net. A smart black
velvet -bow fills the space' underneath the
brim and around Its crown is twined a
wreath of pink valvet popples that de^y
nature to emulate.
shoulder, hanging In long draped lines
below the knees. It is worn opened,
broadly at the throat. It is of rose-col
ored cloth, the collar faced with white.
the lapels and cuffs stitched with the In-
The dress Is of white chiffon from top to
bottom— fragile, steaming, whits chiffon,
that might be a garnering: of cobwebs
from summer ?rass for all the uninitiated
could guess. Down It from breast to hen
stream long pink ribbons caught here and
there In Irregular fashion by big spread-
Ins blossoms all woven of the finest real
lace. At a glance It somehow suggests all
the Idle, frail, lovely things of a Juna
day— the clouds and breezes and blossoms.
The maker can so mass and arrange de
tails as to produce these effects and causa
the eye to lose the wearying details of.
¦tltch. piping and button.
The outline of the gown Is conven
tional. It Is not remarkably low cut; Its
train Is moderate. Its waist long and
pointed in front. A little puff of chiffon
*and ribbon forms the sleeve.
* Miss Hopkins adds to the beauty of this
costume by the string of real pearls which
came from Tiffany's. It Is worn close*
against her throat. An aigrette orna
mented with pearls 13 wcrn In her dark
hair.
Of cloaks she made & study, and tns
outcome was two at least such as San
Francisco has not yet seen the Ilka.
The one, an evening coat of black lady's
cloth. Is a loose-fitting garment reaching
tralow the knees. It has a high, flaring
collar and wide, gathered lapels covered
with a heavy white lace. Yoke and flar
lns cuffs are outlined with sold braid.
Long streamers of pleated white chiffon
fall from the throat.
This outfit dees not rightly belong in
the Paris category, for the coat was made
by Haas of Berlin and the hat that goes
with It was "purchased In Brussels, where
the lace of which it is built was made by
craftsmen famed the world over. Its
brim is bordered with mink, and high on
the left side Is heaped a mass of deep
purple violets.
The piece de resistance of the wardrobe,
is the Bernhardt opera cloak which Palon
made. Many are the Aiglon cloaks dis
played in every shop, and those of you
who have now seen the Eaglet In tha
cloaks he is accustomed to wear know
the most of these for base and spurious
imitations. This. then, you will recosrtlza
at a glance is the real thing. Leaving
only one arm free. It folds over the other
coini anything llk» this er/.»i there nirver
will b« another.
THE ' SUNDAY CALL.
MISS MABEL K. HOPKINS AND HER LACESC PARISIAN GOWNSprinciples here presented embody not*
what I conceive to be right, but what the -
great masters of the short story have
thought to be right, and what they have
proved to be at least successful. I speak
only as a delverinto the secrets of other
men. • • .• My deductions are made not r
only from the artifices and triumphs of
the successful, but from the struggles and
failures of the unfortunate as well; and.
I have endeavored to make clear both the
philosophy and the application of all the
principles so deduced."
Mr.. Barrett- gives many examples to :
make the meaning of. the various points
of his study plain, and altogether the book -
should prove a help to a_ thoughtful per-"
Bon who will accept the Hints offered and
has the natural talent and originality neo-
essary to evolve his own plot. Mr. Bar-
rett has done all he can to make the me-
tag ''of. odd expressions. Putting these
grumblers to one side there is nothing- else
except of praise to be said,
The hero in Homepsun is an East Ten
nessee boy. who takes the Union aide ln
the Civil "War. Mr. Barton's work Is an
excellent one from the historical novel
standpoint, for he sustains the interest by
a love story and well-drawn characters,
at tho same time giving to his readers an.
Immense amount of faota. His descriptions
of battles are worked out with just the
right touch of local color to give depth
and intensity.
The pages are replete with adventure,
forMr. Barton puts hia here through all
the hairbreadth escapes warranted by tho
active times of those days, Hla hero is
one of the class of hard-bitten farmers o!
the'mountain district who were virtually
forced Into th« war for self-protection,
comparative .ucfes, in a general hlstor-
PrS n *^n * f i . . .u.
JX *?,? " ™ not claim in this
SSr o ZtlT ?\ CTl th ,' h 8 *
!Snl «L r h * , Us begin-
or Oh r hi hT d H yea v"L bef °rei h. e blrth
-i»ht ?«?;?* ,?? Sri V S!u E. Uffl< l I .f nt ln"
HvullS the writing of this oldest of
c vi zed nations to satisfy the curiosity,
It will open a new field to students of Ian-
guage The author has devoted a larsr*
part of the volume to direct translation* •
from tho Chlneee authors, which will glvo *
the reader an opportunity to Judge for
himself the merits.or demerits. Ho also:
Inserts remarks from native critics, which
to the adult .who would interest hlmaolf
in the, education'of youth. The book Is
<"vUWrinto-th W pans. Part I has chap
ters on "What I. Morality"? "The Appe
tltes of the Body." "The Desires of the
Mlnd'" "Attributes and Emotions."
"Mental and Moral Training" "Morality
in School." "Love and Fear," "Cant and
Moralizing." Part II discusses "The Per
sonal Virtues," "How to Teach.: the Per
sona* Virtues," "The Ideal Virtues." "Tha
Social Virtues." Part III takes" up
"Methods of Reaching the Child." "School
,Government in Its Relation to Moral
Training," "The Ethical in Our Common
"Native scholars, with their endless
critics and' appreciation of individual
work, do not seem even to have contem
plated anything of the kind, realizing, no
doubt, the utter hopelessness, from a Chi
nese point of view, of achieving even . a
T>. Appleton & Co. are publishing a very
admirable series of short histories of th»
literatures of the world under the super
visorial editorship, of Edmund Gosse. The
latest volume to appear In this scries is n
unique one on "Chinese Literature," by
Herbert A. Giles, M.A., LL.D. (Aberd.).
professor of Chinese in the University of
Cambridge, and late. H. B. M. Consul nt
Ningpo. This" work 's. unique, inasmuch
as it is the -first attempt made In any lan
guage, including; Chinese, to produce a
history of Chinese literature. In a preface
the author. writes:. - '-¦-¦¦¦;
A History of Chinese Literature.
tial election lest it might be mistaken foi
a campaign document. The author an
nounces that his work was not intended
for partisan or political purposes but
merely to show the conditions existing in
the Philippines and the causes which
have- brought them about. •( Published by
the Liberty League, Chicago. Price, in
paper, -25 cents.
When the Prince desires to call on a personal
frierd a meggage to this effect is gent 'earlier
in the day, and it is etiquette that the person
railed on should receive the visitor, and that
no other member cf the family be present dur
ing the visit unless inquired for by the Prince.,
Informal invitations to luncheon at Marlbor
pugh House tire sent out In the same simple
way. If, during the morning, the Prince or
Princess would like to gee certain people quietly
and without ceremony, little notes arc written
and dispatched. Informal and sudden as the
lnvltaticns may be. they are regarded in soci
ety In the light of a "command" that must not
be dlsrecarded except in illness.
. The extracts g-iven are a fair sample of
the whole book, and it will be seen that
the work is of a breezy, chatty nature,
such as could be written only by one who
had an Intimate knowledge of the social
and domestic life of Albert Edward. It will
appeal to all readers, coming, as it doe?,
from an authority, nnd also because it is
rather a series of oen sketches with
plenty of color than a hard mass of bi
ographical fact*. (Published by D. Ap
pleton & Co., New York. Price $1 60.)
B. G. LATHROP.
9
The Truth About the Philippines.
There has Just been published a refer
ence review of our island possessions , en
titled, "The Truth About the Philip
pines." by H. H. .Van Meter. Mr. Van
A yonng German officer who was a friend of
the Princo informed hll Koya! Hlzhness rnt
day ihst he wes encase.d t'> be married and
that he would like to show him the portrait ot
his l)rtd»-*iect. He rave tins Prince a photo
irrarjh of a beautiful young Slrl wearing the
plainest of whit* muslin frocks, with her hair
l.rushed back from h-r brow and a narrow
Mack ribbon tied around her throat. The
Prince Immediately asked the r.a:ne of the
original, when the you'ngr officer discovered that
by mistake he had Riven the Prince the portrait
of the Kinc of Denrflark - s second daughter.
When the mistake was explained. the Prince re
fused to return the photocraph, and a few
dars later, on seeing a miniature of the" same
lady tn the Duchess of Cambridge's drawing
room, he declared there and then that he would
marry only the original of these two pictures.
The 'following is rjiven as the etiquette
of personal calls by or on the Prince:
Affr this portrayal of life at Sandrinp
ham ar.d Marlborough the author devotes
himself entirely to chapters of a per
sonal nature, such as domestic life, "the
Prince as a student, the Prince in soci
ety, the Prince's" set. the Prince as a
churchman, the Prince at play, the Prln.ce
as a. patron, the Prince on the course,
the love of his life, the Prince and his
clothes, what the Prince eats and drinks,
the^Jfrince as a Freemason, the Prince as
a Rood fellow and the Prince r.s a son.
Here is an account of the romantic in
cident'which led up to his marriaKe:
PaysinT upstairs, the virltrr is conscious ct
tho fllttinss of many maids, all In neat uni
form, v.hrise business It is to maintain ths
rhara<-t«r of the Prince's residence as the best
kert house in London.
The nr.tf»chamber, which Is us»d by the
rrir.ee for ths transaction o* purely private
businr-ss with his tradespeople and those i/ei
pons who are granted special Interviews, is
paneled In walnut wood. On the. walls art
huns troj-hirs of swords and «'uns, which thj
caller may admire at his leifure. till suddenly
an unseen door, which is part ar.d narcrl cf
the paneling. Is opened. A bread-shouldered
ftsure M:ind.« in the center of jhe rooms, a
small, plump hand rf moves a large clear from
a smllli-.e mouth, and a Rental voice, with Just
the ioart Kurgettion of a "burr" in Jt. gives
Kreetlnr ard an invitation to walk Into tha
Prince's rrivate sanctum.
An »arly visitor to the Print* is admitted
into th« entrance hall at Marlbcrough Houss
by a Scotch ttlly In rational dress and is
thtre met by tiro scarlet -coated and powdered
fc.tnpn. His cfat and hat are siven in charge
ff the hall porter,''* picturesque individual 'n
a short red coat and we-arinir -a broad band
of leather across his ahoulders. If the visitor
is to be cranted an lmmedla*» audience on» J
cf the pages, who is always In attendancs
abott the royal apartments, conducts him to
th* r.nteroom that gives acefs to the Prince's
private s'ttlng-room. The pages, who usually
wear the very simple livery of dark blue ccats
an.i black trousers that the quiet taste of the
Prir.cs prefer*, on great occasions exchange
thr'.r fclsck trousers for black velvet breeches,
silk ttijekings to match and j;old garters.
Here is an interesting bit from the au
thor's description of the life -of the
Prir.ce at his town house, where more' 1
ttate 1-3 maintained:
tall of the raan--gvment of the estate Is
laid before him.
The writer evidently possesses a very
Intimate knowledge of the affairs of his
Prince, for even the smallest details of
hours for Ctnir.s. the position at table of
different members of the family, the
Princes little hobby of playing bowls, are
set forth. It Is this knowledge which
gives the book Its peculiar value, for It
shows us England's ruler as the man and
not as the potentate. Knowing him as an
ordinary living and breathing mortal like
the rest of us will pive a better idea of
his worth as a monarch than any amount
of matter written on his appearance at
public functions wherein the true man is
covered by the crown.
The earria^eg «a«h op the avenue, which \u
arrmnged In tfie same manner a* that at Os
borae. with a sharp turn In it that •occetr
fullT hides all view of the house from "the
road. The only Ut of building that le seen
lc the end of the wing: that waa added to the
hesune after the great fire some yean bac!r.
Thla is nurmounted by a tall tower containing
the clock that wai erected by th« Prince's
tradespeople in the neighborhood aa a rpecial
memorial to the late Duke of Clarence. A few
minutes fcrlnga the rlaltor tp the east front of
the house lteeir. when It la a*en that the h«ll
1« built of handsome red brick with stone dres b
lngs. Everywhere are largo wlndovra, aet in
well fie«ipned etcne raulllona and giving a great
sense of Hrht and air. The bouse Is certainly.
-et very pretty, for taa Elizabethan stylt la
TT 17 OVB t^at the Prince of Waies r.as
Ij^l closed his career' as a Prince and
j£ jj become Kin* Edward VII of Eng
land, it is to be expected that
Wosranhers will set themselves to work
nn That particular period of his life dating
fr^m birth to coronation. The first in the
fle'.d is a book, the "Private Life of King
Edward VII,"' claiming for its author a
m»»ir.b«»r of the toyal household. From a
few little slips of the pen in this work
one decides It has been in press some
time, and but awaited a. favorable oppor
tunity for launching on the literary sea;
nevertheless that does not affect the value
of the h>~,k.
Having been written by "a member of
the royal houp- ho'.d." it is to T>e expected
that the author will be extremely lauda
tory :n pir.«r:n«r ihe praises of Kngland's
ru'.cr. He -Joes not give a biography of
tli«* Prince ft Wales according to the gen
eraJ plan pursued in such cap^s. but
rr.i-kes his book rstber a collection of an
eciotoF. The r.^arept approach to chron
c'.ogy 1* eoflt&Sscd in the preface, where
is given a brief summary of the chief
facts of his life.
The particular Interest of the book is
th&t it ?hOTv<! -hp Prince's Intimate home
ar.d ptfx&tc I'.fc as seen by one who knows
him well arid who Is evidently in a posi
tion to pive with the utmost deta.Il his
manner of living, of entertaining and of
attending to tueincss.
To t:s of America the Prince of Wales
probably 6nes not feem so hlph and
mighty as he arpoars to the author, for
a majority of Aic^rirsn voters are eligible
to tfci» rvlcrfhip of a greater country thaj
Er.^Iard. therefore feel as noble by right
of birth as any Prince. The author, of
course, rot poypofsing the divine right of
An:<»rirar! b:rth. is entitled to pay homage,
and many net? r* the Prince of WaJes
which arr^"' ti hisi as rnarvelouMy kind
and Ber.Tous appear to us as nothing
mere than he should have dt>ne, and not
worthy of r.ot'.ce.
For example, we are told: "He has
T.(\eT i>een kr.'-"«T. to blunder.' as so many
otWrs do. by irakir.R inquiries after a
dk"jp'ht«»r who may be d^ad or a son who
rr.?.y have por.<* to the bad." or "H'.s sym
laihy for others has always been singu
larly acuTe. When aa accident occurred
to n Failor of the Pern pis he was as deeply
pripved a? if it h.-id irsjured oi.e of his own
relative*, n-.d f?.ilrd to shake off the
fhock !¦'¦ had srstainod for several days."
TSwse expression* ?nd rcar.y similar are
mrirr.Pth'.rip; l!3te *r»y1r!g: "Mr. Brown, an
Atr.trican pentletran, always takes off bis
hat to every lady of his acquaintance
trhoTn h«« < hanc -ss to meet, which is very
kind of him. "
Hrre is an anecdote which Is given as
iefirrtiTiK rreat credit on the acumen of
En?iland> monarch, but which from the
rerverteri American standpoint might be
cor.a!3erc<! as rudeness to a lady:
Th<? baiiir mania »nd th* ridiculous mean*
rwortr-4 to by smart Sidles' *nd well-known
artreancs to *xrort money from their patrons
a'.ro iec*l*«< a severe check from the Prince
ct VTaler. tv!io on one (^carton vu kind enough
to Irn4 h!» pTTiiontil patrr»nBtr<! ta a great fancy
fair Kot up at th* Albert Hall. In th* crxjrte
or the Rfte-aoon he honored the refreshment
etan by hi* pr*"'-^'* and asked fcr a cup of
t»a. Tri?- tea was priced at a figure aufflelentlr
exorbitant to oovrr the calls cf charity, but tfc*
fair render, thinking: to amuse the Prince before
liandintf h;:n the cup. drar.k from it herself.
ray'.njc, ""Xovr the cuj» of tea !» five guineas'."
The rr'.r.re gTsv*!y paid the money asked,
fcande.i tack - tfcr tea. and said. ""Will you
please rive me a clean cup?"
But then it 1r all from the view point.
We are not a nation particularly devoted
.to royalty, but we must feel sorry for
Edwrrd VII. with all his cares and all the
red tape -ir.d all the homage and all the
Jfile flattery, which are certainly enoush
to ti:rr. the head of any man. Apparently
his head has not Veen turned, and for this
ve must adir.ire him.
Thf "member cf th« royal household"
writes in a colloquial vein, frequently
throwing in a mild dash of slang: to carry
hi? descriptions. In speaking of Princess
Macl he> says: "As an all-around sports
woman few of her oy^rn sex can touch
her/'
Some of fc!s racst Interesting chapters
ere tliose wherein he tells of the home
life of the Prince at Sandringham. his
country seat, which waa purchased in
l&l, and of the Prince at Marlborougb
House iji London.
At SanOrlryjham Hall all ostentation is
laid 2jFi<le, which mast be. a great relief
for a man whose whole life from day to
day Is necessarily on© round of formality.
Here his guard Is limited to one police
man, and the red tape of princely duties
Is cut a* snort as possible.
Here lb an excerpt from the description
of the outward appearance of this country
ball:
PRIVATE LIFE OF KINO EDWARD
VIL— By a member of the royal house
hold, D,' Appleton, & Co., New Tork,
$160,
A QUAKER SCOUT.— By N. P. Runyan.
The Abbey Press, New York, Jl 23, V
NELL GWYNNE OP OLX> DRURY-J^
By HaU Downing, JRagd, McNally & Ca^
Chicago, i " . 3-al_ -^7
THE TRANSITION PERIOD OP CAL
IFORNIA.—By Samuel H, Wllley, p. D,
The Whitaker & Ray Company," San
Francisco, *1,
LINNET.— By Grant Allen, New Am
sterdam Book Company. New Tork, $1 50,
THE WHITE FLAME.— By Mary A,
Cornelius. Stockham Publishes Com
pany. Chicago. Jl 25.
THE OPERA. PAST ANT> PRESENT.^
By William Foster Apthorp. Charles
Scribner's Sons. New Tork. US.
THE CONQUEST OF LONDON. — By
Dorothea Gerard. F. M. Buckles & Co,.
New York, n 25.
THE LABORER AND HIS HIRE. — By
X. M. Shanklin. Tha Neala Company.
Washington.
Books Received.
The book Is divided m twelve sections:
•Tho Coming of Spring." "Along the
Waterways," "Escaped >rom Gardens.'"
"In Silent Woods." "Humbie Orchids."
"Poisonous Plants," "The Triumph of the.
Vine." "A Composite Family." "w »y
farers," "The Fantasies of Ferns." "Una
Open Fields," and "Aftermath."
As a whole the book considers the flow
ers from the human, not the technical
Bide, and for the pleasure thsy give us.
a special chapter being devoted to tho
romance of the waifs and strays that hav*
escaped from forgotten gardens to th<*
highways and fields to bo the only evi
dence of old homes.
The author holds that if one wishes ta
know the wild flowers really they must
visit them in their haunts, for tha more
exquisite the flower the more completely
does It lose its characteristics when sep
arated from its natural surroundings.
The fifty full-page illustrations are also
made from this point of. view, being ex
tremely beautiful photographs of flowers,
ferns, vines, etc.. taken as they grew,
by the author and by J. Horace McFar
land, the numerous marginal engravings
being also from direct photography, the
work of securing the subjects in the right
condition having taken over two years.
There are also many drawings In the text.
From the countless books npon natlrt/
flowers that hava been Issued during tha
past half dozen years it would seem
that they had been viewed from every
possible side, yet Mrs. Mabel Osgood,
Wright In her forthcoming book— "Tha
Flowers and Ferns in Their Haunts"
(Macmillan)— treats them from a wholly
new standpoint. The flower Is not con
sidered merely as an aggregation of
calyx, corolla, stamens and pistil that
leads to Its correct naming, or from tha
complex mechanism that calls for the aid
of Insects to insure Its fertilization, but
for its value as a part of the landscape.
The sub-title of Mrs. Dora. Harvey Mun
von's (Mrs. J. M. Munyon) latest book.
"Dolinda and the Twins" (The Abbey
Press. 114 Fifth avenue. New. Tork) is
best descriptive of its contents. It is tha
"Memoir of a Naughty Girl." As tha
literary critic of the New York Press has
said, the book Is a feminine companion of
T. B. Aldrich's Juvenile, classic. "Tha
Story of a Bad Boy." Like Tom. Bailey"
(the Bad Boy), Dolinda delights tha
reader by her thorough naturalness. Sh«
is painted with her freckles, and In her
stained and tattered frock*. Tet ther«
Is a girlish attractiveness about her. Sha
Is like Tennyson's heroine, "Maud, with
her venturesome cllmbinga and tumbles
and childish escapes." But she Is also
like "Maud, the delight of tha village, tha
ringing joy of *he hall." We can see why
Dollnda's Quaker father promised her
more "trouncings" than ha gave her. • A
subordinate but moving charm of tha
book is its background of an old-fashioned
American country family. In an old-fash
ioned American community, the oldest
and richest and most tranquil of tha set
tlements of William Penn. s i
The Century Company recently received
a letter from a gentleman in Baltimore
ordering a copy of "Ernest Seton-Thomp
son's "Biography of a Grizzly." to bo
sent to Colonel D. D. Plckett. Four Bears
P. O., Wyoming. "Colonel Pickett." tho
writer added. "Is the man that shot the
bears. It is a true story, but I don't think
he has ever seen it in print." The au
thor's comment on the abov« is. "ALL. my
story la true."
Six novels by well-known authors are
announced by J. B. Uppincott Company
for publication early In February- Cyrus
Townsend Brady's new novel. "When
Blades Are Out and Love's Afield"; "A
Cabinet Secret." by Guy Boothby. deals
primarily with conditions brought about
in connection with the South African war,
and Is designed to show what, under
certain, doubtless improbable, conditions,
might very well have happened, had a
secret power endeavored to harass tha
empire by taking advantage of her tem
porary difficulties; every character and in
cident Is avowedly fictional. "Sweetheart
Manette" is from the pen of Maurice
Thompson, whose "Alice of Old Vin
cennes" has recently brought his name so
promin-ntly again before the public. Mrs.
Hugh Fraser (a sister of Marion Craw
ford), whose "Splendid Por3enna" was an
important work last winter, contributes
"A Little Gray Sheep." and " General
Charles King's "In Spite of Foes" and
John Strange Winter's "The Career of a
Beauty" complete the group.
G. W. Dllllngham Company announces
"The Toltec Savior." a historical ro
mance of ancient Mexico, by Mrs. John
Ellsworth Graham. The authores3 Is a
native of Wyoming Valley. Pa., and a
relative of the late -»llce a,r.d Phoebe Ca
rey, and sojourned In Mexico about nina
years collecting tradition and historical
events relative to this book.
Literary Notes.
E. S. Chamberlayne has a striking story
in the February Atlantic describing th*
meeting of a man with the man he might
have been. It Is called "Mr. Smedley'*
Guest."
The trans-Rocky reviewers, who really
know a coyote from a cowboy, say that
•Mrs. Kelly's "With Hoods of Steel" is
a ripping good story. And speaking of
"ripping," Conan Doylo once av-erred that
"the best critic Is the boy who reads a,
book and pronounces It either ripping or
no good."
Sweetbrier.
In h!« book. entitled "Sweetbrier" T^. M.
ElshenTus tells in an entertaining way of
a vacation and summer's flirtation amid
the hlll3 of the Delaware Water dap dis
trict of Pennsylvania. The nec?sr.Hry man
of the tale Is of the poet-artist type and
sufficiently dazzling to secure easily ob
tained kissing favors from a budding
country Jass, who suffers few heartpangs
¦when the diversion ends with the season.
The illustrations* which are by the au
thor, should better have been intrusted
to more skilled hands. (Published by the
Abbey Press. New York. Price ;i_)
Thls man Is> filled with patriotic love of
the flag, but It is not strong enough to
prevent his desertion when he finds hi*
mother In need of his personal a!d. He re*
joins the army again, however, but nearly
pays for his temporary absence by a
pv/ing on the callows. He has a taste of
capture and imprisonment by the South
erners, then makes lus escape and is
given a detail on secret service. He finaltv
works his way to tho well-deserved rank
of captain, but not until he ha3 run tho
full gamut of experiences in the life of a
soldier In the Held.
The book shows Mr. Barton fully capa
ble of handling the dramatic scenes that
go to make a war novel a success an-1
he gives us a phase of the Civil War
well worth reading. (Published by D. Ay
pleton & Co., New York. Price $1.)
Meter maker? same rather startling state
ments with regard to the struggle for
civil and religious liberty carried on by
the Filipino Catholics under the direction
of their friars and Freemasons, and also
the present liquor traffic, opium dens and
brothels. He bases his statements on of
ficial records and authentic sources. His
book* includes a discussion of Filipino his
tory, religion, politics, society and re
forms. It was sent to press early in Sep
tember of last year, but was withheld
from publication until after the Preslden-
We are told that at Sandrlngham the
Princo makes the caro of his estate a
personal matter and takes the most active
Interest In the affairs of his tenants, his
farm and his stock. Every morninsc he
epends an hrur In a small business room
oft the drawing-room, in which every de-
whlch it !« designed has been rather crudely
rrK»lerni»e<J. but It is Intensely comfortable
locking:. The added win*, which contains tha
n*w ballroom and some dozen bedrooms above,
goes Ly tho name of the "bachelor's wins."
It stands at right angles to the house itself
«.nd this has rather a. pretty effect.
"Moral Culture as a Science." by Th*
oda Wliklns. M. D.. r.nd Bertha S. Wll
kins,' is a work that should appeal to
teachers, educators, parents or settlement
workers. Moral culture is certainly as
Important as mental and physical train-
lie divides his history into eight books,
which cover ri. neriod of about 2400 years,
from COO B. C down to the present time/
and which deal with the different dynas
ties that have ruled the Celestial empire;
In . the | interim— "Book the Second, the
Han Dynasty (B. C '200- A. r>. 200): Boole
the. Third, Minor Dynasties (a. D. 200-600)"
and so on, and divides these: books into;
short chanters, in. which the chief liter
ary topics follow, each- other In the same
succession, or nearly so, as poetry, his
tory, lexicography, Buddhism, miscellane
ous literature, classical scholarships, poet
ry, classical and general literature, pcetrv
figuring more often in the subjects of.
these chapters than any other literary
lopic, a circumstance which seems to in
dicate . that Professor Giles has devoted
more attention to It than to any other
topic with which his history is concerned
—certainly more attention than to the so
called ethics— Taoism. Confucius. Menciu3
and to the drama, the novel and other
lighter forms of its lettered entertainment
and i amusement. (Published by D. Aj>
pletun & Co., New York. Price 5150). (
Moral Culture as a Science.
arc cf value in showing an" opinion from
the Chinese viewpoint.
In these days of many writers a little
book which has been recently published
should receive quite general attention. It
is a treatise on the art of short story
writing by Charles Raymond Rarrett. Ph.
B.. a gentleman who has had considerable
experience. In reading both published and
unpublished short stories and has also
been the writer of successful ones him
self. He does not pretend to give rules
and directions which will insure success:
but he points out that good hard work on
careful thoughtful lines will accomplish
wonders, where genius and lack of appl 1 
cation wili fall. Ho makes a close study
of the, work done by th« best writers an'l
as he states in a. preface: "The rules and
Short Story Writing.
School Studies." "Reflections." In an ap
pendix are given a few stories to impress
by example various points on the mind of
the. child. This^Urect purpose of the work
is to show the" importance of early im
pressing upon the minds of children etni
cal truths and also of pointing cut to the
adult the best methods by which the3«
impressions can be bnughf about. The
authors have been carefully analytical la
their presentation of the subject and the
book should awaken interest especially
among educators and those who look upon
children seriously with the realization that
the welfare of a nation- depends largely
upon the early education and training of
its youth. (Published by the Whitaker &
Ray Company, San Francisco. Price $!..»
A Hero In Homespun.
There* is only one thing to which a cap
tious'reader could possibly take exception
in William E. Burton's "A Hero in Home
ipun," and that is dialect. Not that the
dialect is at all overdrawn, but many peo
plo look askance at t K .e page which sug
gests the use of a local dictionary. Thesa
are tho novel readers who. characteristical
ly American, take their pleasures sorrow
fully and In a hurry. They do not feel that
they have apaxe time «.o guess the mean-
Moody's Manual.
"Moody's Manual of Industrial and Mis
cellaneous Securities for 1900" contain*
1108 pages of boiled down information con
cerning all iron and steel companies and
allied industries; automobile, electric pow
tr, pneumatic and compressed air compa
nies; textile manufacturing and kindred
industries, mining companies of every de
scription and telephone, telegraph and ca
ble companies, not to mention hundreds
of other lines. Practically everything in
the nature of an Industrial property is in
cluded. In addition the book has other
valuable features, such as a carefully
compiled list of absorbed corporations,
showing the many remarkable consolida
tions which have takeji place within the
past few yearu. It also contains article*
by able lawyers on the corporation laws
of New Jersey. Delaware and West Vir
ginia, the three States from which the
great majority of industrial corporations
secure their charters. This work should
appeal especially to bankers, brokers.
financial institutions, financiers, managers
of corporations, lawyers, auditors and ac
countants. All those who seek Informa
tion In the expanding industrial, field will
find it of value. (Published by the O. C.
Lewis Company, 6 Wall street, New York,
Price $5.)
Nevertheless the tales represent some
very claver work and deserve a creditable
place among Indian short stories. They
are all strong and partake of the pathetic.
There Is no marked effort at plot, but
each one is a pastel in prose. "With tho
exception of the "Vanishing City of Tam
alpais" they % dear with Indian subjects
and present excellent pictures of their
peculiar superstitions, apparently stoical
indifference and rigid adherence to tribal
laws. "The Vanishing City of Tarnalpais"
is a pretty legend concerning Mount
Tamalpals. which, while of merit. Is hard
ly up to the standard of others in the book.
The story, of "Kwelth-Ellte— The Proud
Slave," is probably the most virile, but
is rather weakened by a prosaic ending.
It Is a story of witchcraft and Indian re
venge, with a final climax of an attempt
on the part of the tribe to bury alive the
dusky heroine. (Published by The Neely
Company, New York.)
It Is unfortunate that these stories ap
pear in pueh a nondescript garb, for with
a few Remington pictures to lumlnate the
text and a decorative cover for the book
itself, they would receive much more
courteous treatment from the casual buy
er, whose liking for bookish wares is in
fluenced by "Jlrst Impressions."
Batterman Lindsay Is the author of a
¦ modest little volume of six short stories.
From Its cover and its title, "Derelicts of
Destiny," Mr. Lindsay's work nt first
glance might be taken for anything rath
er than what It is. Its appearance would
•lead one to surmise that he was about 10
open some new textbook on modern edu
cation. Evon the usual page of "contents"
is. missing, so the reader is entirely in the
dark until he actually begins a perusal of
the body of the volume.
Derelicts of Destiny.
rhanlcal proposition of writing clear to
his readers and of course all else must
rest with the writers themselves." (Pub
lished by the Baker & Taylor Company.
New Tork. Price 51 J)
l | illl1ii l^l'lilllll)PJIWIII» l liIlliPi|
THE SUNDAY CALL.
4
WRITERS OF BOOKSprinciples here presented embody not*
what I conceive to be right, but what the -
great masters of the short story have
thought to be right, and what they have
proved to be at least successful. I speak
only as a delverinto the secrets of other
men. • • .• My deductions are made not r
only from the artifices and triumphs of
the successful, but from the struggles and
failures of the unfortunate as well; and.
I have endeavored to make clear both the
philosophy and the application of all the
principles so deduced."
Mr.. Barrett- gives many examples to :
make the meaning of. the various points
of his study plain, and altogether the book -
should prove a help to a_ thoughtful per-"
Bon who will accept the Hints offered and
has the natural talent and originality neo-
essary to evolve his own plot. Mr. Bar-
rett has done all he can to make the me-
tag ''of. odd expressions. Putting these
grumblers to one side there is nothing- else
except of praise to be said,
The hero in Homepsun is an East Ten
nessee boy. who takes the Union aide ln
the Civil "War. Mr. Barton's work Is an
excellent one from the historical novel
standpoint, for he sustains the interest by
a love story and well-drawn characters,
at tho same time giving to his readers an.
Immense amount of faota. His descriptions
of battles are worked out with just the
right touch of local color to give depth
and intensity.
The pages are replete with adventure,
forMr. Barton puts hia here through all
the hairbreadth escapes warranted by tho
active times of those days, Hla hero is
one of the class of hard-bitten farmers o!
the'mountain district who were virtually
forced Into th« war for self-protection,
comparative .ucfes, in a general hlstor-
PrS n *^n * f i . . .u.
JX *?,? " ™ not claim in this
SSr o ZtlT ?\ CTl th ,' h 8 *
!Snl «L r h * , Us begin-
or Oh r hi hT d H yea v"L bef °rei h. e blrth
-i»ht ?«?;?* ,?? Sri V S!u E. Uffl< l I .f nt ln"
HvullS the writing of this oldest of
c vi zed nations to satisfy the curiosity,
It will open a new field to students of Ian-
guage The author has devoted a larsr*
part of the volume to direct translation* •
from tho Chlneee authors, which will glvo *
the reader an opportunity to Judge for
himself the merits.or demerits. Ho also:
Inserts remarks from native critics, which
to the adult .who would interest hlmaolf
in the, education'of youth. The book Is
<"vUWrinto-th W pans. Part I has chap
ters on "What I. Morality"? "The Appe
tltes of the Body." "The Desires of the
Mlnd'" "Attributes and Emotions."
"Mental and Moral Training" "Morality
in School." "Love and Fear," "Cant and
Moralizing." Part II discusses "The Per
sonal Virtues," "How to Teach.: the Per
sona* Virtues," "The Ideal Virtues." "Tha
Social Virtues." Part III takes" up
"Methods of Reaching the Child." "School
,Government in Its Relation to Moral
Training," "The Ethical in Our Common
"Native scholars, with their endless
critics and' appreciation of individual
work, do not seem even to have contem
plated anything of the kind, realizing, no
doubt, the utter hopelessness, from a Chi
nese point of view, of achieving even . a
T>. Appleton & Co. are publishing a very
admirable series of short histories of th»
literatures of the world under the super
visorial editorship, of Edmund Gosse. The
latest volume to appear In this scries is n
unique one on "Chinese Literature," by
Herbert A. Giles, M.A., LL.D. (Aberd.).
professor of Chinese in the University of
Cambridge, and late. H. B. M. Consul nt
Ningpo. This" work 's. unique, inasmuch
as it is the -first attempt made In any lan
guage, including; Chinese, to produce a
history of Chinese literature. In a preface
the author. writes:. - '-¦-¦¦¦;
A History of Chinese Literature.
tial election lest it might be mistaken foi
a campaign document. The author an
nounces that his work was not intended
for partisan or political purposes but
merely to show the conditions existing in
the Philippines and the causes which
have- brought them about. •( Published by
the Liberty League, Chicago. Price, in
paper, -25 cents.
When the Prince desires to call on a personal
frierd a meggage to this effect is gent 'earlier
in the day, and it is etiquette that the person
railed on should receive the visitor, and that
no other member cf the family be present dur
ing the visit unless inquired for by the Prince.,
Informal invitations to luncheon at Marlbor
pugh House tire sent out In the same simple
way. If, during the morning, the Prince or
Princess would like to gee certain people quietly
and without ceremony, little notes arc written
and dispatched. Informal and sudden as the
lnvltaticns may be. they are regarded in soci
ety In the light of a "command" that must not
be dlsrecarded except in illness.
. The extracts g-iven are a fair sample of
the whole book, and it will be seen that
the work is of a breezy, chatty nature,
such as could be written only by one who
had an Intimate knowledge of the social
and domestic life of Albert Edward. It will
appeal to all readers, coming, as it doe?,
from an authority, nnd also because it is
rather a series of oen sketches with
plenty of color than a hard mass of bi
ographical fact*. (Published by D. Ap
pleton & Co., New York. Price $1 60.)
B. G. LATHROP.
9
The Truth About the Philippines.
There has Just been published a refer
ence review of our island possessions , en
titled, "The Truth About the Philip
pines." by H. H. .Van Meter. Mr. Van
A yonng German officer who was a friend of
the Princo informed hll Koya! Hlzhness rnt
day ihst he wes encase.d t'> be married and
that he would like to show him the portrait ot
his l)rtd»-*iect. He rave tins Prince a photo
irrarjh of a beautiful young Slrl wearing the
plainest of whit* muslin frocks, with her hair
l.rushed back from h-r brow and a narrow
Mack ribbon tied around her throat. The
Prince Immediately asked the r.a:ne of the
original, when the you'ngr officer discovered that
by mistake he had Riven the Prince the portrait
of the Kinc of Denrflark - s second daughter.
When the mistake was explained. the Prince re
fused to return the photocraph, and a few
dars later, on seeing a miniature of the" same
lady tn the Duchess of Cambridge's drawing
room, he declared there and then that he would
marry only the original of these two pictures.
The 'following is rjiven as the etiquette
of personal calls by or on the Prince:
Affr this portrayal of life at Sandrinp
ham ar.d Marlborough the author devotes
himself entirely to chapters of a per
sonal nature, such as domestic life, "the
Prince as a student, the Prince in soci
ety, the Prince's" set. the Prince as a
churchman, the Prince at play, the Prln.ce
as a. patron, the Prince on the course,
the love of his life, the Prince and his
clothes, what the Prince eats and drinks,
the^Jfrince as a Freemason, the Prince as
a Rood fellow and the Prince r.s a son.
Here is an account of the romantic in
cident'which led up to his marriaKe:
PaysinT upstairs, the virltrr is conscious ct
tho fllttinss of many maids, all In neat uni
form, v.hrise business It is to maintain ths
rhara<-t«r of the Prince's residence as the best
kert house in London.
The nr.tf»chamber, which Is us»d by the
rrir.ee for ths transaction o* purely private
businr-ss with his tradespeople and those i/ei
pons who are granted special Interviews, is
paneled In walnut wood. On the. walls art
huns troj-hirs of swords and «'uns, which thj
caller may admire at his leifure. till suddenly
an unseen door, which is part ar.d narcrl cf
the paneling. Is opened. A bread-shouldered
ftsure M:ind.« in the center of jhe rooms, a
small, plump hand rf moves a large clear from
a smllli-.e mouth, and a Rental voice, with Just
the ioart Kurgettion of a "burr" in Jt. gives
Kreetlnr ard an invitation to walk Into tha
Prince's rrivate sanctum.
An »arly visitor to the Print* is admitted
into th« entrance hall at Marlbcrough Houss
by a Scotch ttlly In rational dress and is
thtre met by tiro scarlet -coated and powdered
fc.tnpn. His cfat and hat are siven in charge
ff the hall porter,''* picturesque individual 'n
a short red coat and we-arinir -a broad band
of leather across his ahoulders. If the visitor
is to be cranted an lmmedla*» audience on» J
cf the pages, who is always In attendancs
abott the royal apartments, conducts him to
th* r.nteroom that gives acefs to the Prince's
private s'ttlng-room. The pages, who usually
wear the very simple livery of dark blue ccats
an.i black trousers that the quiet taste of the
Prir.cs prefer*, on great occasions exchange
thr'.r fclsck trousers for black velvet breeches,
silk ttijekings to match and j;old garters.
Here is an interesting bit from the au
thor's description of the life -of the
Prir.ce at his town house, where more' 1
ttate 1-3 maintained:
tall of the raan--gvment of the estate Is
laid before him.
The writer evidently possesses a very
Intimate knowledge of the affairs of his
Prince, for even the smallest details of
hours for Ctnir.s. the position at table of
different members of the family, the
Princes little hobby of playing bowls, are
set forth. It Is this knowledge which
gives the book Its peculiar value, for It
shows us England's ruler as the man and
not as the potentate. Knowing him as an
ordinary living and breathing mortal like
the rest of us will pive a better idea of
his worth as a monarch than any amount
of matter written on his appearance at
public functions wherein the true man is
covered by the crown.
The earria^eg «a«h op the avenue, which \u
arrmnged In tfie same manner a* that at Os
borae. with a sharp turn In it that •occetr
fullT hides all view of the house from "the
road. The only Ut of building that le seen
lc the end of the wing: that waa added to the
hesune after the great fire some yean bac!r.
Thla is nurmounted by a tall tower containing
the clock that wai erected by th« Prince's
tradespeople in the neighborhood aa a rpecial
memorial to the late Duke of Clarence. A few
minutes fcrlnga the rlaltor tp the east front of
the house lteeir. when It la a*en that the h«ll
1« built of handsome red brick with stone dres b
lngs. Everywhere are largo wlndovra, aet in
well fie«ipned etcne raulllona and giving a great
sense of Hrht and air. The bouse Is certainly.
-et very pretty, for taa Elizabethan stylt la
TT 17 OVB t^at the Prince of Waies r.as
Ij^l closed his career' as a Prince and
j£ jj become Kin* Edward VII of Eng
land, it is to be expected that
Wosranhers will set themselves to work
nn That particular period of his life dating
fr^m birth to coronation. The first in the
fle'.d is a book, the "Private Life of King
Edward VII,"' claiming for its author a
m»»ir.b«»r of the toyal household. From a
few little slips of the pen in this work
one decides It has been in press some
time, and but awaited a. favorable oppor
tunity for launching on the literary sea;
nevertheless that does not affect the value
of the h>~,k.
Having been written by "a member of
the royal houp- ho'.d." it is to T>e expected
that the author will be extremely lauda
tory :n pir.«r:n«r ihe praises of Kngland's
ru'.cr. He -Joes not give a biography of
tli«* Prince ft Wales according to the gen
eraJ plan pursued in such cap^s. but
rr.i-kes his book rstber a collection of an
eciotoF. The r.^arept approach to chron
c'.ogy 1* eoflt&Sscd in the preface, where
is given a brief summary of the chief
facts of his life.
The particular Interest of the book is
th&t it ?hOTv<! -hp Prince's Intimate home
ar.d ptfx&tc I'.fc as seen by one who knows
him well arid who Is evidently in a posi
tion to pive with the utmost deta.Il his
manner of living, of entertaining and of
attending to tueincss.
To t:s of America the Prince of Wales
probably 6nes not feem so hlph and
mighty as he arpoars to the author, for
a majority of Aic^rirsn voters are eligible
to tfci» rvlcrfhip of a greater country thaj
Er.^Iard. therefore feel as noble by right
of birth as any Prince. The author, of
course, rot poypofsing the divine right of
An:<»rirar! b:rth. is entitled to pay homage,
and many net? r* the Prince of WaJes
which arr^"' ti hisi as rnarvelouMy kind
and Ber.Tous appear to us as nothing
mere than he should have dt>ne, and not
worthy of r.ot'.ce.
For example, we are told: "He has
T.(\eT i>een kr.'-"«T. to blunder.' as so many
otWrs do. by irakir.R inquiries after a
dk"jp'ht«»r who may be d^ad or a son who
rr.?.y have por.<* to the bad." or "H'.s sym
laihy for others has always been singu
larly acuTe. When aa accident occurred
to n Failor of the Pern pis he was as deeply
pripved a? if it h.-id irsjured oi.e of his own
relative*, n-.d f?.ilrd to shake off the
fhock !¦'¦ had srstainod for several days."
TSwse expression* ?nd rcar.y similar are
mrirr.Pth'.rip; l!3te *r»y1r!g: "Mr. Brown, an
Atr.trican pentletran, always takes off bis
hat to every lady of his acquaintance
trhoTn h«« < hanc -ss to meet, which is very
kind of him. "
Hrre is an anecdote which Is given as
iefirrtiTiK rreat credit on the acumen of
En?iland> monarch, but which from the
rerverteri American standpoint might be
cor.a!3erc<! as rudeness to a lady:
Th<? baiiir mania »nd th* ridiculous mean*
rwortr-4 to by smart Sidles' *nd well-known
artreancs to *xrort money from their patrons
a'.ro iec*l*«< a severe check from the Prince
ct VTaler. tv!io on one (^carton vu kind enough
to Irn4 h!» pTTiiontil patrr»nBtr<! ta a great fancy
fair Kot up at th* Albert Hall. In th* crxjrte
or the Rfte-aoon he honored the refreshment
etan by hi* pr*"'-^'* and asked fcr a cup of
t»a. Tri?- tea was priced at a figure aufflelentlr
exorbitant to oovrr the calls cf charity, but tfc*
fair render, thinking: to amuse the Prince before
liandintf h;:n the cup. drar.k from it herself.
ray'.njc, ""Xovr the cuj» of tea !» five guineas'."
The rr'.r.re gTsv*!y paid the money asked,
fcande.i tack - tfcr tea. and said. ""Will you
please rive me a clean cup?"
But then it 1r all from the view point.
We are not a nation particularly devoted
.to royalty, but we must feel sorry for
Edwrrd VII. with all his cares and all the
red tape -ir.d all the homage and all the
Jfile flattery, which are certainly enoush
to ti:rr. the head of any man. Apparently
his head has not Veen turned, and for this
ve must adir.ire him.
Thf "member cf th« royal household"
writes in a colloquial vein, frequently
throwing in a mild dash of slang: to carry
hi? descriptions. In speaking of Princess
Macl he> says: "As an all-around sports
woman few of her oy^rn sex can touch
her/'
Some of fc!s racst Interesting chapters
ere tliose wherein he tells of the home
life of the Prince at Sandringham. his
country seat, which waa purchased in
l&l, and of the Prince at Marlborougb
House iji London.
At SanOrlryjham Hall all ostentation is
laid 2jFi<le, which mast be. a great relief
for a man whose whole life from day to
day Is necessarily on© round of formality.
Here his guard Is limited to one police
man, and the red tape of princely duties
Is cut a* snort as possible.
Here lb an excerpt from the description
of the outward appearance of this country
ball:
PRIVATE LIFE OF KINO EDWARD
VIL— By a member of the royal house
hold, D,' Appleton, & Co., New Tork,
$160,
A QUAKER SCOUT.— By N. P. Runyan.
The Abbey Press, New York, Jl 23, V
NELL GWYNNE OP OLX> DRURY-J^
By HaU Downing, JRagd, McNally & Ca^
Chicago, i " . 3-al_ -^7
THE TRANSITION PERIOD OP CAL
IFORNIA.—By Samuel H, Wllley, p. D,
The Whitaker & Ray Company," San
Francisco, *1,
LINNET.— By Grant Allen, New Am
sterdam Book Company. New Tork, $1 50,
THE WHITE FLAME.— By Mary A,
Cornelius. Stockham Publishes Com
pany. Chicago. Jl 25.
THE OPERA. PAST ANT> PRESENT.^
By William Foster Apthorp. Charles
Scribner's Sons. New Tork. US.
THE CONQUEST OF LONDON. — By
Dorothea Gerard. F. M. Buckles & Co,.
New York, n 25.
THE LABORER AND HIS HIRE. — By
X. M. Shanklin. Tha Neala Company.
Washington.
Books Received.
The book Is divided m twelve sections:
•Tho Coming of Spring." "Along the
Waterways," "Escaped >rom Gardens.'"
"In Silent Woods." "Humbie Orchids."
"Poisonous Plants," "The Triumph of the.
Vine." "A Composite Family." "w »y
farers," "The Fantasies of Ferns." "Una
Open Fields," and "Aftermath."
As a whole the book considers the flow
ers from the human, not the technical
Bide, and for the pleasure thsy give us.
a special chapter being devoted to tho
romance of the waifs and strays that hav*
escaped from forgotten gardens to th<*
highways and fields to bo the only evi
dence of old homes.
The author holds that if one wishes ta
know the wild flowers really they must
visit them in their haunts, for tha more
exquisite the flower the more completely
does It lose its characteristics when sep
arated from its natural surroundings.
The fifty full-page illustrations are also
made from this point of. view, being ex
tremely beautiful photographs of flowers,
ferns, vines, etc.. taken as they grew,
by the author and by J. Horace McFar
land, the numerous marginal engravings
being also from direct photography, the
work of securing the subjects in the right
condition having taken over two years.
There are also many drawings In the text.
From the countless books npon natlrt/
flowers that hava been Issued during tha
past half dozen years it would seem
that they had been viewed from every
possible side, yet Mrs. Mabel Osgood,
Wright In her forthcoming book— "Tha
Flowers and Ferns in Their Haunts"
(Macmillan)— treats them from a wholly
new standpoint. The flower Is not con
sidered merely as an aggregation of
calyx, corolla, stamens and pistil that
leads to Its correct naming, or from tha
complex mechanism that calls for the aid
of Insects to insure Its fertilization, but
for its value as a part of the landscape.
The sub-title of Mrs. Dora. Harvey Mun
von's (Mrs. J. M. Munyon) latest book.
"Dolinda and the Twins" (The Abbey
Press. 114 Fifth avenue. New. Tork) is
best descriptive of its contents. It is tha
"Memoir of a Naughty Girl." As tha
literary critic of the New York Press has
said, the book Is a feminine companion of
T. B. Aldrich's Juvenile, classic. "Tha
Story of a Bad Boy." Like Tom. Bailey"
(the Bad Boy), Dolinda delights tha
reader by her thorough naturalness. Sh«
is painted with her freckles, and In her
stained and tattered frock*. Tet ther«
Is a girlish attractiveness about her. Sha
Is like Tennyson's heroine, "Maud, with
her venturesome cllmbinga and tumbles
and childish escapes." But she Is also
like "Maud, the delight of tha village, tha
ringing joy of *he hall." We can see why
Dollnda's Quaker father promised her
more "trouncings" than ha gave her. • A
subordinate but moving charm of tha
book is its background of an old-fashioned
American country family. In an old-fash
ioned American community, the oldest
and richest and most tranquil of tha set
tlements of William Penn. s i
The Century Company recently received
a letter from a gentleman in Baltimore
ordering a copy of "Ernest Seton-Thomp
son's "Biography of a Grizzly." to bo
sent to Colonel D. D. Plckett. Four Bears
P. O., Wyoming. "Colonel Pickett." tho
writer added. "Is the man that shot the
bears. It is a true story, but I don't think
he has ever seen it in print." The au
thor's comment on the abov« is. "ALL. my
story la true."
Six novels by well-known authors are
announced by J. B. Uppincott Company
for publication early In February- Cyrus
Townsend Brady's new novel. "When
Blades Are Out and Love's Afield"; "A
Cabinet Secret." by Guy Boothby. deals
primarily with conditions brought about
in connection with the South African war,
and Is designed to show what, under
certain, doubtless improbable, conditions,
might very well have happened, had a
secret power endeavored to harass tha
empire by taking advantage of her tem
porary difficulties; every character and in
cident Is avowedly fictional. "Sweetheart
Manette" is from the pen of Maurice
Thompson, whose "Alice of Old Vin
cennes" has recently brought his name so
promin-ntly again before the public. Mrs.
Hugh Fraser (a sister of Marion Craw
ford), whose "Splendid Por3enna" was an
important work last winter, contributes
"A Little Gray Sheep." and " General
Charles King's "In Spite of Foes" and
John Strange Winter's "The Career of a
Beauty" complete the group.
G. W. Dllllngham Company announces
"The Toltec Savior." a historical ro
mance of ancient Mexico, by Mrs. John
Ellsworth Graham. The authores3 Is a
native of Wyoming Valley. Pa., and a
relative of the late -»llce a,r.d Phoebe Ca
rey, and sojourned In Mexico about nina
years collecting tradition and historical
events relative to this book.
Literary Notes.
E. S. Chamberlayne has a striking story
in the February Atlantic describing th*
meeting of a man with the man he might
have been. It Is called "Mr. Smedley'*
Guest."
The trans-Rocky reviewers, who really
know a coyote from a cowboy, say that
•Mrs. Kelly's "With Hoods of Steel" is
a ripping good story. And speaking of
"ripping," Conan Doylo once av-erred that
"the best critic Is the boy who reads a,
book and pronounces It either ripping or
no good."
Sweetbrier.
In h!« book. entitled "Sweetbrier" T^. M.
ElshenTus tells in an entertaining way of
a vacation and summer's flirtation amid
the hlll3 of the Delaware Water dap dis
trict of Pennsylvania. The nec?sr.Hry man
of the tale Is of the poet-artist type and
sufficiently dazzling to secure easily ob
tained kissing favors from a budding
country Jass, who suffers few heartpangs
¦when the diversion ends with the season.
The illustrations* which are by the au
thor, should better have been intrusted
to more skilled hands. (Published by the
Abbey Press. New York. Price ;i_)
Thls man Is> filled with patriotic love of
the flag, but It is not strong enough to
prevent his desertion when he finds hi*
mother In need of his personal a!d. He re*
joins the army again, however, but nearly
pays for his temporary absence by a
pv/ing on the callows. He has a taste of
capture and imprisonment by the South
erners, then makes lus escape and is
given a detail on secret service. He finaltv
works his way to tho well-deserved rank
of captain, but not until he ha3 run tho
full gamut of experiences in the life of a
soldier In the Held.
The book shows Mr. Barton fully capa
ble of handling the dramatic scenes that
go to make a war novel a success an-1
he gives us a phase of the Civil War
well worth reading. (Published by D. Ay
pleton & Co., New York. Price $1.)
Meter maker? same rather startling state
ments with regard to the struggle for
civil and religious liberty carried on by
the Filipino Catholics under the direction
of their friars and Freemasons, and also
the present liquor traffic, opium dens and
brothels. He bases his statements on of
ficial records and authentic sources. His
book* includes a discussion of Filipino his
tory, religion, politics, society and re
forms. It was sent to press early in Sep
tember of last year, but was withheld
from publication until after the Preslden-
We are told that at Sandrlngham the
Princo makes the caro of his estate a
personal matter and takes the most active
Interest In the affairs of his tenants, his
farm and his stock. Every morninsc he
epends an hrur In a small business room
oft the drawing-room, in which every de-
whlch it !« designed has been rather crudely
rrK»lerni»e<J. but It is Intensely comfortable
locking:. The added win*, which contains tha
n*w ballroom and some dozen bedrooms above,
goes Ly tho name of the "bachelor's wins."
It stands at right angles to the house itself
«.nd this has rather a. pretty effect.
"Moral Culture as a Science." by Th*
oda Wliklns. M. D.. r.nd Bertha S. Wll
kins,' is a work that should appeal to
teachers, educators, parents or settlement
workers. Moral culture is certainly as
Important as mental and physical train-
lie divides his history into eight books,
which cover ri. neriod of about 2400 years,
from COO B. C down to the present time/
and which deal with the different dynas
ties that have ruled the Celestial empire;
In . the | interim— "Book the Second, the
Han Dynasty (B. C '200- A. r>. 200): Boole
the. Third, Minor Dynasties (a. D. 200-600)"
and so on, and divides these: books into;
short chanters, in. which the chief liter
ary topics follow, each- other In the same
succession, or nearly so, as poetry, his
tory, lexicography, Buddhism, miscellane
ous literature, classical scholarships, poet
ry, classical and general literature, pcetrv
figuring more often in the subjects of.
these chapters than any other literary
lopic, a circumstance which seems to in
dicate . that Professor Giles has devoted
more attention to It than to any other
topic with which his history is concerned
—certainly more attention than to the so
called ethics— Taoism. Confucius. Menciu3
and to the drama, the novel and other
lighter forms of its lettered entertainment
and i amusement. (Published by D. Aj>
pletun & Co., New York. Price 5150). (
Moral Culture as a Science.
arc cf value in showing an" opinion from
the Chinese viewpoint.
In these days of many writers a little
book which has been recently published
should receive quite general attention. It
is a treatise on the art of short story
writing by Charles Raymond Rarrett. Ph.
B.. a gentleman who has had considerable
experience. In reading both published and
unpublished short stories and has also
been the writer of successful ones him
self. He does not pretend to give rules
and directions which will insure success:
but he points out that good hard work on
careful thoughtful lines will accomplish
wonders, where genius and lack of appl 1 
cation wili fall. Ho makes a close study
of the, work done by th« best writers an'l
as he states in a. preface: "The rules and
Short Story Writing.
School Studies." "Reflections." In an ap
pendix are given a few stories to impress
by example various points on the mind of
the. child. This^Urect purpose of the work
is to show the" importance of early im
pressing upon the minds of children etni
cal truths and also of pointing cut to the
adult the best methods by which the3«
impressions can be bnughf about. The
authors have been carefully analytical la
their presentation of the subject and the
book should awaken interest especially
among educators and those who look upon
children seriously with the realization that
the welfare of a nation- depends largely
upon the early education and training of
its youth. (Published by the Whitaker &
Ray Company, San Francisco. Price $!..»
A Hero In Homespun.
There* is only one thing to which a cap
tious'reader could possibly take exception
in William E. Burton's "A Hero in Home
ipun," and that is dialect. Not that the
dialect is at all overdrawn, but many peo
plo look askance at t K .e page which sug
gests the use of a local dictionary. Thesa
are tho novel readers who. characteristical
ly American, take their pleasures sorrow
fully and In a hurry. They do not feel that
they have apaxe time «.o guess the mean-
Moody's Manual.
"Moody's Manual of Industrial and Mis
cellaneous Securities for 1900" contain*
1108 pages of boiled down information con
cerning all iron and steel companies and
allied industries; automobile, electric pow
tr, pneumatic and compressed air compa
nies; textile manufacturing and kindred
industries, mining companies of every de
scription and telephone, telegraph and ca
ble companies, not to mention hundreds
of other lines. Practically everything in
the nature of an Industrial property is in
cluded. In addition the book has other
valuable features, such as a carefully
compiled list of absorbed corporations,
showing the many remarkable consolida
tions which have takeji place within the
past few yearu. It also contains article*
by able lawyers on the corporation laws
of New Jersey. Delaware and West Vir
ginia, the three States from which the
great majority of industrial corporations
secure their charters. This work should
appeal especially to bankers, brokers.
financial institutions, financiers, managers
of corporations, lawyers, auditors and ac
countants. All those who seek Informa
tion In the expanding industrial, field will
find it of value. (Published by the O. C.
Lewis Company, 6 Wall street, New York,
Price $5.)
Nevertheless the tales represent some
very claver work and deserve a creditable
place among Indian short stories. They
are all strong and partake of the pathetic.
There Is no marked effort at plot, but
each one is a pastel in prose. "With tho
exception of the "Vanishing City of Tam
alpais" they % dear with Indian subjects
and present excellent pictures of their
peculiar superstitions, apparently stoical
indifference and rigid adherence to tribal
laws. "The Vanishing City of Tarnalpais"
is a pretty legend concerning Mount
Tamalpals. which, while of merit. Is hard
ly up to the standard of others in the book.
The story, of "Kwelth-Ellte— The Proud
Slave," is probably the most virile, but
is rather weakened by a prosaic ending.
It Is a story of witchcraft and Indian re
venge, with a final climax of an attempt
on the part of the tribe to bury alive the
dusky heroine. (Published by The Neely
Company, New York.)
It Is unfortunate that these stories ap
pear in pueh a nondescript garb, for with
a few Remington pictures to lumlnate the
text and a decorative cover for the book
itself, they would receive much more
courteous treatment from the casual buy
er, whose liking for bookish wares is in
fluenced by "Jlrst Impressions."
Batterman Lindsay Is the author of a
¦ modest little volume of six short stories.
From Its cover and its title, "Derelicts of
Destiny," Mr. Lindsay's work nt first
glance might be taken for anything rath
er than what It is. Its appearance would
•lead one to surmise that he was about 10
open some new textbook on modern edu
cation. Evon the usual page of "contents"
is. missing, so the reader is entirely in the
dark until he actually begins a perusal of
the body of the volume.
Derelicts of Destiny.
rhanlcal proposition of writing clear to
his readers and of course all else must
rest with the writers themselves." (Pub
lished by the Baker & Taylor Company.
New Tork. Price 51 J)
l | illl1ii l^l'lilllll)PJIWIII» l liIlliPi|
THE SUNDAY CALL.
4
WRITERS OF BOOKSThe • seven Dlllarm. States, upon which this
unique superstructure Is reared will each have
its governor and staff for the first time this
y«ar. Later on we shall have ministers and
foreign diplomats, which will add Interest and
executive knowledge to the work of the repub-
How well I shall serve you, fellow citizens,
the virgin sisterhood of months will register
on Time's plastic tablets as they pass In regal
state, each with its sunburst of love, hope an. I
promise. This Is such a beautiful memorial
work, so fraught with opportunities to all who
Join hands with us in the various ways on>rej
iii the line of special growth and development
of play and pleasure, that one beers the bur
den of chief magistrate as lightly as Jeptha
bore his shield.
address of Belle Riegelman, their newly
elected president. President Belle Is a
very pretty rosy-cheeked lass with a fine
air of resolute purpose that augurs well
for. her administration. Bhe read her able
address in a clear, ringing voice and with
much dignity. These 'were the words that
gladdened the attentive citizens of the re
public:
¦ Madam Chairman, Guests and Citizens of the
Republic— Greeting: I. Belle Rleirelnuin, th«
first chief macistrate cf this youthful nation,
proclaim that It Is with a sincere reeling: of
pride and KTatltude • that I assume the reins
of government and take, upon me the duties
and 'resDonslbllities of this high office. I am
the second girl president to attain this ex
alted position and the first one to serve In the
twentieth century, which is heralded as th*
children's hundred years of time, as the last
was signalized as "The Woman'j Century."
With her right hand upon the open Bi
ble she replies: "This, honorable sir, X.
pledge my sacred honor that I will «n-,
deavor to perform to the very best of myj
ability."
Chief Justice: "Ament"
"I, Malccm Loughead, the officially ap
pointed Chief Justice of the Birdie Bell
Junior. Republic, will now, In the presence
of these witnesses, administer the oath of
office to the honorable Chief Magistrate
of our young nation." (Right hand up
lifted.)
"Belle Rlegelman, do you swear that
to the best of your ability you will faith
fully, perform the functions of this high
office?"
When the applause that greeted this am
bitious endeavor died the handsome young
Chief Justice solemnly swore her into of
fice:
And at the Birdie Bell . republic this
promise . to Horace Greeley is richly ful
filled. Its citizens have, their' God-jrlven
heritage, the Vight and time to play. It is
a place where corroding .care Is forever
banished; where Joy and gladness are per
petual guests; where boys and girls make
In fact, play is largely the business of
life in the Birdie Bell republic. True, the
youthful citizens have their official du
ties; but in such a model state as this
Junior republic, cares do not weigh
heavily on the "servants of the public."
"I believe In play, plenty of play for chil
dren," says Dr. Stow. Horace Greeley
once said to me, when I was an officer in
the American Woman's ; Association for
the Protection of Shop Girls in New York
City, 'Let the girls earn their own living,
as I have done since I was five years old.*
•Ah. Mr. Greeley.* I replied, 'the girls I
plead for are not all Greeleys; besides
they would gladly earn their bread tf
they could find something to do. I, too.
earned my living at five years of age on
the farm; learned to 6flln on the big wheel
and do all Eorts of household labor that
a child of that age could accomplish. But
it was not the beat thing, Mr. Greeley,
for either of us, believe me. A child
should have his or her rightful inherit
ance of play days, weeks, months and
years, and some time I will make a little
play spot where no thought of the stove,
wneel, loom, plow or any grinding toil
shall ever enter to mar and begrime Its
brightness, Joy, lovt and beauty.' "
Dr. Btow is now 72 years of age, but she
!s as well preserved, bright and active
as a woman of 50. "I am now in the youth
of old age, 72 years young," is Dr. Stow'.s
r-aive way of putting it. The citizens of
the Birdie Bell republic regard her as
guide, philosopher; but above all, 'friend »
They bundle up all their woes and wor->
ries and bring: them for her motherly sym-J
pathy to dissipate. They share with her
their Joys and aspirations, too, for they
know Dr. Stow is keenly interested In'
their frolics.
out to answer its requirements and Dr.
Stow Is fllliris the empty niches In her
life and softenins the loss of husband and
child.
markable republic Is Dr. Marretta L.
Stow, a cousin of Harriet Beecher Stowe.
Iir.-Stow intends that the Birdie Bell
republic shall do as much for freeing chil
dren from irksome toil as her cousin's p«a
accomplished for the slaves.
The Birdie Bell republic has a constitu
tion and laws copied in miniature after
our own Government. The boy and girl
citizens have their tum at go\-eming an<l
V.cing governed. But unlike the children'*
Tf publics In New Tork the Birdie Bell citi
zens live with their parents, and thus es
cape many of the or.erous duties that fall
to the lot of the citizens of the Henry
George Junior republic
Dr. Stow is a stanch believer in
•woman suJfrag-e. and In the Juntcr repub
lic the girls are deprived of none cf their
political rights. The presidential plum In
the political pie !s as free to the lassies as
the lads. Dr. Stow, herself, ran for Vice
President of the United States on the
Woman's Suffrage ticket in 18S1.
.The Birdie Bell republic was founded in
1S37. The cornerstone in the spacious
frame building, which the children call the
"Capitol." was laid by Dr. Stow, and be
fore the paint on the buildimr was dry
over 190 children had *Ienified their wjll-
Irigness to become citizens. Now the polit
ical machinery of the republic Is so well
oiled that It rues without a creak, and
there Is little cf tlie strife and dissension
that rends "grown-up" republics.
It Is worth, going many a mile to see. Is
this BIrCIe Bell republic. And It's only a
blown-ln-the-bottle cvnlc who can listen
to venerable, motherly Dr. Stow and not
warm to her plans and Ideals. Of course,
there is a reason for her thus devoting her
life and household to children. A pathetic
reason that bares the unhealed wound In
the woman's heart, llar.y, many yean
ago. her only child, a winsome bonny
baby, just turning the corner of four
years, died in farawav Ohio. The baby
h3d been christened Frank Arthur, but
fomehow every one called him "Birdie
TJell." Even then there sprang up in the
bereft young mother's heart the hone that
Fnme day she might make it possible for
other children to gather up the broken
Fllken thread* where they fell from her
baby's fingers, and do his unfinished day's
work end play for him.
It was nearly half a century before this
hope v.-as fulfilled. Dr. Stow*s life In the
Interior was crowded with social and do
mestic duties. Even after the death cf
her husband. Joseph Wesley Stow, who
*»» one of the most honored and esteemed
I'Uflness men In San Francisco, Dr. Stow
found herself 60 entangled in litigation
that she could not further her dearest
plan.
Gradually, however, the way cleared and
many different plans finally crystallized
lr.to the Idea of a children's republic The
Temescal bouse and ground* were laid
OVER In Tetif seal !s the most unique
little republic, in the world. It i3
called the BirJie Bell Junior repub
lic and its citizens and officers are
children. The founder of this re-
They are organized Into regiments, but
it is enly certain of the officers who ar«
on duty all the time. Each man gets his
horse and a small pay from the Govern
ment when not on active duty, and Is al
lowed to settle down and to rear a family
of young Cossacks for the service of tha
Czar. "When the Government call comes,
however, the Cossack must give Instant
obedience, and sometimes there Is tha
necessity of his being kept many years In
the field. There are many of these regi
ments in Siberia, They came in with tha
first adventurers and settlers, and did
much to wrest these lands from the prim
itive Inhabitants for the benefit of Russia.
They are settled in large, numbers In tha
south and the vast stretch of country,
and as they are always in uniform, are
easily picked out from the masses of peas
ants who have settled there, too. As tha
Russian mail steamships ply up the Amur
and the Chllka rivers during the summer
months, they are met at each small Til
lage at which they stop by a group of tha
Inhabitants, including several of these
soldiers In white blouses and caps. Tha
small boys are always In the same dress,
the blue trousers with th© yellow stripe;
thrust Into high, wrinkled boots, tha
white blouse, and the white military cap.
pride of their position that they would
be loyal subjects and turn their restless
energies into the channels which would N»
of benefit to the empire. The experiment
proved a great success, and ever since it
was put into execution the Cossacks hare)
been of the greatest assistance to Rus
sia in all her military enterprises, and to
day there is no more familiar name ra
connection with the Russian army than
that of "Cossack."
flielr Initial dow to polities, so that when
they have outgrown this Junior republic
they may skillfully help sail the big ship
of state.
Very Impressive are the ceremonies
when a president of the Birdie Bell re
public is inaugurated. The term of office
Is one year and the age requirement Is 14
years. The office. is alternately held by
. boys and girls," elected by the citizens.
The Sunday Call representatives fortu
nately visited the republic on ¦ inaugura
tion day and the photographer had an pp
portunlty of "snapping" the earnest girl
president while the youthful chief jus
tice 6olemnly administered the oath of of
fice.
It was Saturday afternoon and the cit
izens were gathered en the broad veranda
/ %t the "capitol" to listen to the inaugural
•¦.:'¦-¦-
11c It Is the aim of the founder to h&v* this
an exact counterpart. In miniature, of the Fed
eral Government. In our Congress and club*
we become conversant with parliamentary law
ar.fl the usages of both the upper and Iow«r
house. Priceless knowledge to those of «¦ who
will some day wear the Senatorial togras. And
I he-re and now pledge myself to try to make
this presidential term a red-letter day in my
own life and that of my constituents. I shall
strive to fill every post of duty with cheerful
alacrity and bring- to tha Jubilees, clubs and
entertainments all within my power to make
them not only entertaining but first class at
children's efforts. It is such a rare opportu
nity—this brinsinjc to our very doors a placs
to play in, to put in constant practice what
we learn at school and In Drlvate lessons; to
¦ hare in the courtesy and kindness of polite
Intercourse, and the knowledge gained from
books in our circulating library, rehearsals and
<n!d-roonth g-ala days. All these things are up
lifting and ennobling- to every well-bred child.
May the rounsr year «nd young century bring
Bs all happiness, peace and prosperity!
sens helped themselves from a huge bas
ket of candy— for Dr. Stow does not over
look the childish sweet tooth — and then
they scattered through the house and
grounds, to frolic at their will.
Dr. Stow led the way into the library,
which Is her especial pride. There are
over a thousand books on the shelves and
it Is managed like a circulating library.
But there Is plenty of room and need for
more, for most of the citizens are greedy
readers and have devoured many of the
books. Anythtng vicious or demoralizing
Is weeded out of the library, but there
is no objection to books that are "merely
entertaining." Dr. Stow understands chil
dren too well. for that.
In a simple, <?'gnifled way she explained
that though her means have been sadly
crippled since her husband'3 death, she
manages to meet the necessary expenses
in running the republic The only depart
ment in which she solicits aid Is the II-
Will there be a Birdie Bell republic
when Dr. Stow is no longer here to snap*
Its destiny? L«t us hope bo.
The citizens are constantly plannln*
entertainments of some sort— a concert,
recital or picnic. But Just now the gala
event that la occupying all attention t»
the coming inaugural ball. It will be held
some afternoon next week, tend the boy
and girl citizens, a hundred strong, will
be there. Dear Dr. Stow, "73 yearn
young." will lead the grand march, fol
lowed by President Belle Rlearelman. Vic*
President Willie Dell and the executive
officers in order of their rank.
The citizens of the republic are con
stantly increasing in number. The chil
dren gather at the "capitol" after school
hours to play and conduct their business,
and on Saturdays an hour Is set aside to
initiate the new members. Equality If
the keynote of the republic, and the chil
dren of the poor are even more welcome
than these of the rich, for they need the
lessons It teaches and the pleasures It
brings. Each citizen, on taking the oath
of allegiance to the Birdie Bell republic,
adopts the name of some flower.
Bumble Bee. the* Elks and Robin Hood
clubs exclusively theirs.
Several hundred years ago the Cossacks
were lawless bands of freebooters, living
on the banks of the Don and the Dneiper
In Russia. "When this territory was ab
sorbed into the Russian dominions the
Czar was confronted with the problem of
turning these turbulent people into good
So exclusive Is this hereditary military
caste that it is almost impossible for an
tfficer of the regular army, no matter how
hgh hl3 rank, to secure a commission In
a Corsack regiment unless he has inherit
ed the right to such a command.
They are irregular cavalry, but very
different from our National Guard or vol
unteers, for the' right to be a Cossack
comes only through inheritance. The son
of a Cossack, therefore, is a Cossack as
soon as he is born, and is taught the use
of arms and the traditions of his warrior
race all through his boyhood.
Besides this political training the chil
dren have clubs which serve the double
purpose of enjoyment and parliamentary
Instruction. There Is the Sunshine Club.
to which all citizens are eligible providing
they agree to get and give the maximum
amount of sunshine possible. All citizens
may also Join the Bird Club, bat only
girls are eligible to the Bus/ Bee and But
terfly societies. But the boys have the
Cossacks Are Born. Not Made
THE Cossacks form a branch of the
Russian service which has no paral
lel In any other army in the world.
There are seven states In the Birdie Bell
republic, each. state having its own Gov
ernor, v/ho appoints his or her staff of
ficers. The names of the states are Joy.
Peace, Love, Hope. Truth, Life and
Faith. All the citizens are Congressmen,
the Congress being divided Into the up
per and lower houses. The President ap
points his own Cabinet.
the nation. This Junior republic flag Is
red. gold and blue, signifying love, wis
dom and peace. They also have a lucky
number— 7— which is combined In all their
decorations. Dr. Stow was born on the
7th of the month, and the children In
sisted on having 7 their lucky number,
"because it's so lucky for us that sha
was born."
tttlieng. They had alwayi been "trained
to martial life and the use of arms, 10
the most natural and tha best solution of
the problem itemed to be to turn them
selves into soldi era, and to Instill such a
tnlsT-t Os nxe a Knunrc of eld' ana p«*»
form lomo deed of darin* for you.
Mlaa Lovyllpa — Oh, Oeergst Njwt that
jrtm're* worked it? t» It, suppose m ay«aJc
to papa,— Philadelphia Pres*, ' .
Willie 'Den; fhe vice president, waf
sworn ?n and then the citizens burst into
song, their sweet, childish treble awnken-
Ing the birds, who lent their melody. ,The
business of. inauguration over, the clti-
Brary, zor wnien cuun iuuuuu> an ¦»«(•«>
The rest of the expanses are paid entirely
out of her private parse.
Of coursa the ! Birdie Bell < reoublia has
Its own flap, which la twined with that of
ilr. Blinncoo-Ah' my dear, I wish I
THBV SUNDAY CJLIil^
THE SORY OF
OAKLAND'S JUNIOR REPUBLICThe • seven Dlllarm. States, upon which this
unique superstructure Is reared will each have
its governor and staff for the first time this
y«ar. Later on we shall have ministers and
foreign diplomats, which will add Interest and
executive knowledge to the work of the repub-
How well I shall serve you, fellow citizens,
the virgin sisterhood of months will register
on Time's plastic tablets as they pass In regal
state, each with its sunburst of love, hope an. I
promise. This Is such a beautiful memorial
work, so fraught with opportunities to all who
Join hands with us in the various ways on>rej
iii the line of special growth and development
of play and pleasure, that one beers the bur
den of chief magistrate as lightly as Jeptha
bore his shield.
address of Belle Riegelman, their newly
elected president. President Belle Is a
very pretty rosy-cheeked lass with a fine
air of resolute purpose that augurs well
for. her administration. Bhe read her able
address in a clear, ringing voice and with
much dignity. These 'were the words that
gladdened the attentive citizens of the re
public:
¦ Madam Chairman, Guests and Citizens of the
Republic— Greeting: I. Belle Rleirelnuin, th«
first chief macistrate cf this youthful nation,
proclaim that It Is with a sincere reeling: of
pride and KTatltude • that I assume the reins
of government and take, upon me the duties
and 'resDonslbllities of this high office. I am
the second girl president to attain this ex
alted position and the first one to serve In the
twentieth century, which is heralded as th*
children's hundred years of time, as the last
was signalized as "The Woman'j Century."
With her right hand upon the open Bi
ble she replies: "This, honorable sir, X.
pledge my sacred honor that I will «n-,
deavor to perform to the very best of myj
ability."
Chief Justice: "Ament"
"I, Malccm Loughead, the officially ap
pointed Chief Justice of the Birdie Bell
Junior. Republic, will now, In the presence
of these witnesses, administer the oath of
office to the honorable Chief Magistrate
of our young nation." (Right hand up
lifted.)
"Belle Rlegelman, do you swear that
to the best of your ability you will faith
fully, perform the functions of this high
office?"
When the applause that greeted this am
bitious endeavor died the handsome young
Chief Justice solemnly swore her into of
fice:
And at the Birdie Bell . republic this
promise . to Horace Greeley is richly ful
filled. Its citizens have, their' God-jrlven
heritage, the Vight and time to play. It is
a place where corroding .care Is forever
banished; where Joy and gladness are per
petual guests; where boys and girls make
In fact, play is largely the business of
life in the Birdie Bell republic. True, the
youthful citizens have their official du
ties; but in such a model state as this
Junior republic, cares do not weigh
heavily on the "servants of the public."
"I believe In play, plenty of play for chil
dren," says Dr. Stow. Horace Greeley
once said to me, when I was an officer in
the American Woman's ; Association for
the Protection of Shop Girls in New York
City, 'Let the girls earn their own living,
as I have done since I was five years old.*
•Ah. Mr. Greeley.* I replied, 'the girls I
plead for are not all Greeleys; besides
they would gladly earn their bread tf
they could find something to do. I, too.
earned my living at five years of age on
the farm; learned to 6flln on the big wheel
and do all Eorts of household labor that
a child of that age could accomplish. But
it was not the beat thing, Mr. Greeley,
for either of us, believe me. A child
should have his or her rightful inherit
ance of play days, weeks, months and
years, and some time I will make a little
play spot where no thought of the stove,
wneel, loom, plow or any grinding toil
shall ever enter to mar and begrime Its
brightness, Joy, lovt and beauty.' "
Dr. Btow is now 72 years of age, but she
!s as well preserved, bright and active
as a woman of 50. "I am now in the youth
of old age, 72 years young," is Dr. Stow'.s
r-aive way of putting it. The citizens of
the Birdie Bell republic regard her as
guide, philosopher; but above all, 'friend »
They bundle up all their woes and wor->
ries and bring: them for her motherly sym-J
pathy to dissipate. They share with her
their Joys and aspirations, too, for they
know Dr. Stow is keenly interested In'
their frolics.
out to answer its requirements and Dr.
Stow Is fllliris the empty niches In her
life and softenins the loss of husband and
child.
markable republic Is Dr. Marretta L.
Stow, a cousin of Harriet Beecher Stowe.
Iir.-Stow intends that the Birdie Bell
republic shall do as much for freeing chil
dren from irksome toil as her cousin's p«a
accomplished for the slaves.
The Birdie Bell republic has a constitu
tion and laws copied in miniature after
our own Government. The boy and girl
citizens have their tum at go\-eming an<l
V.cing governed. But unlike the children'*
Tf publics In New Tork the Birdie Bell citi
zens live with their parents, and thus es
cape many of the or.erous duties that fall
to the lot of the citizens of the Henry
George Junior republic
Dr. Stow is a stanch believer in
•woman suJfrag-e. and In the Juntcr repub
lic the girls are deprived of none cf their
political rights. The presidential plum In
the political pie !s as free to the lassies as
the lads. Dr. Stow, herself, ran for Vice
President of the United States on the
Woman's Suffrage ticket in 18S1.
.The Birdie Bell republic was founded in
1S37. The cornerstone in the spacious
frame building, which the children call the
"Capitol." was laid by Dr. Stow, and be
fore the paint on the buildimr was dry
over 190 children had *Ienified their wjll-
Irigness to become citizens. Now the polit
ical machinery of the republic Is so well
oiled that It rues without a creak, and
there Is little cf tlie strife and dissension
that rends "grown-up" republics.
It Is worth, going many a mile to see. Is
this BIrCIe Bell republic. And It's only a
blown-ln-the-bottle cvnlc who can listen
to venerable, motherly Dr. Stow and not
warm to her plans and Ideals. Of course,
there is a reason for her thus devoting her
life and household to children. A pathetic
reason that bares the unhealed wound In
the woman's heart, llar.y, many yean
ago. her only child, a winsome bonny
baby, just turning the corner of four
years, died in farawav Ohio. The baby
h3d been christened Frank Arthur, but
fomehow every one called him "Birdie
TJell." Even then there sprang up in the
bereft young mother's heart the hone that
Fnme day she might make it possible for
other children to gather up the broken
Fllken thread* where they fell from her
baby's fingers, and do his unfinished day's
work end play for him.
It was nearly half a century before this
hope v.-as fulfilled. Dr. Stow*s life In the
Interior was crowded with social and do
mestic duties. Even after the death cf
her husband. Joseph Wesley Stow, who
*»» one of the most honored and esteemed
I'Uflness men In San Francisco, Dr. Stow
found herself 60 entangled in litigation
that she could not further her dearest
plan.
Gradually, however, the way cleared and
many different plans finally crystallized
lr.to the Idea of a children's republic The
Temescal bouse and ground* were laid
OVER In Tetif seal !s the most unique
little republic, in the world. It i3
called the BirJie Bell Junior repub
lic and its citizens and officers are
children. The founder of this re-
They are organized Into regiments, but
it is enly certain of the officers who ar«
on duty all the time. Each man gets his
horse and a small pay from the Govern
ment when not on active duty, and Is al
lowed to settle down and to rear a family
of young Cossacks for the service of tha
Czar. "When the Government call comes,
however, the Cossack must give Instant
obedience, and sometimes there Is tha
necessity of his being kept many years In
the field. There are many of these regi
ments in Siberia, They came in with tha
first adventurers and settlers, and did
much to wrest these lands from the prim
itive Inhabitants for the benefit of Russia.
They are settled in large, numbers In tha
south and the vast stretch of country,
and as they are always in uniform, are
easily picked out from the masses of peas
ants who have settled there, too. As tha
Russian mail steamships ply up the Amur
and the Chllka rivers during the summer
months, they are met at each small Til
lage at which they stop by a group of tha
Inhabitants, including several of these
soldiers In white blouses and caps. Tha
small boys are always In the same dress,
the blue trousers with th© yellow stripe;
thrust Into high, wrinkled boots, tha
white blouse, and the white military cap.
pride of their position that they would
be loyal subjects and turn their restless
energies into the channels which would N»
of benefit to the empire. The experiment
proved a great success, and ever since it
was put into execution the Cossacks hare)
been of the greatest assistance to Rus
sia in all her military enterprises, and to
day there is no more familiar name ra
connection with the Russian army than
that of "Cossack."
flielr Initial dow to polities, so that when
they have outgrown this Junior republic
they may skillfully help sail the big ship
of state.
Very Impressive are the ceremonies
when a president of the Birdie Bell re
public is inaugurated. The term of office
Is one year and the age requirement Is 14
years. The office. is alternately held by
. boys and girls," elected by the citizens.
The Sunday Call representatives fortu
nately visited the republic on ¦ inaugura
tion day and the photographer had an pp
portunlty of "snapping" the earnest girl
president while the youthful chief jus
tice 6olemnly administered the oath of of
fice.
It was Saturday afternoon and the cit
izens were gathered en the broad veranda
/ %t the "capitol" to listen to the inaugural
•¦.:'¦-¦-
11c It Is the aim of the founder to h&v* this
an exact counterpart. In miniature, of the Fed
eral Government. In our Congress and club*
we become conversant with parliamentary law
ar.fl the usages of both the upper and Iow«r
house. Priceless knowledge to those of «¦ who
will some day wear the Senatorial togras. And
I he-re and now pledge myself to try to make
this presidential term a red-letter day in my
own life and that of my constituents. I shall
strive to fill every post of duty with cheerful
alacrity and bring- to tha Jubilees, clubs and
entertainments all within my power to make
them not only entertaining but first class at
children's efforts. It is such a rare opportu
nity—this brinsinjc to our very doors a placs
to play in, to put in constant practice what
we learn at school and In Drlvate lessons; to
¦ hare in the courtesy and kindness of polite
Intercourse, and the knowledge gained from
books in our circulating library, rehearsals and
<n!d-roonth g-ala days. All these things are up
lifting and ennobling- to every well-bred child.
May the rounsr year «nd young century bring
Bs all happiness, peace and prosperity!
sens helped themselves from a huge bas
ket of candy— for Dr. Stow does not over
look the childish sweet tooth — and then
they scattered through the house and
grounds, to frolic at their will.
Dr. Stow led the way into the library,
which Is her especial pride. There are
over a thousand books on the shelves and
it Is managed like a circulating library.
But there Is plenty of room and need for
more, for most of the citizens are greedy
readers and have devoured many of the
books. Anythtng vicious or demoralizing
Is weeded out of the library, but there
is no objection to books that are "merely
entertaining." Dr. Stow understands chil
dren too well. for that.
In a simple, <?'gnifled way she explained
that though her means have been sadly
crippled since her husband'3 death, she
manages to meet the necessary expenses
in running the republic The only depart
ment in which she solicits aid Is the II-
Will there be a Birdie Bell republic
when Dr. Stow is no longer here to snap*
Its destiny? L«t us hope bo.
The citizens are constantly plannln*
entertainments of some sort— a concert,
recital or picnic. But Just now the gala
event that la occupying all attention t»
the coming inaugural ball. It will be held
some afternoon next week, tend the boy
and girl citizens, a hundred strong, will
be there. Dear Dr. Stow, "73 yearn
young." will lead the grand march, fol
lowed by President Belle Rlearelman. Vic*
President Willie Dell and the executive
officers in order of their rank.
The citizens of the republic are con
stantly increasing in number. The chil
dren gather at the "capitol" after school
hours to play and conduct their business,
and on Saturdays an hour Is set aside to
initiate the new members. Equality If
the keynote of the republic, and the chil
dren of the poor are even more welcome
than these of the rich, for they need the
lessons It teaches and the pleasures It
brings. Each citizen, on taking the oath
of allegiance to the Birdie Bell republic,
adopts the name of some flower.
Bumble Bee. the* Elks and Robin Hood
clubs exclusively theirs.
Several hundred years ago the Cossacks
were lawless bands of freebooters, living
on the banks of the Don and the Dneiper
In Russia. "When this territory was ab
sorbed into the Russian dominions the
Czar was confronted with the problem of
turning these turbulent people into good
So exclusive Is this hereditary military
caste that it is almost impossible for an
tfficer of the regular army, no matter how
hgh hl3 rank, to secure a commission In
a Corsack regiment unless he has inherit
ed the right to such a command.
They are irregular cavalry, but very
different from our National Guard or vol
unteers, for the' right to be a Cossack
comes only through inheritance. The son
of a Cossack, therefore, is a Cossack as
soon as he is born, and is taught the use
of arms and the traditions of his warrior
race all through his boyhood.
Besides this political training the chil
dren have clubs which serve the double
purpose of enjoyment and parliamentary
Instruction. There Is the Sunshine Club.
to which all citizens are eligible providing
they agree to get and give the maximum
amount of sunshine possible. All citizens
may also Join the Bird Club, bat only
girls are eligible to the Bus/ Bee and But
terfly societies. But the boys have the
Cossacks Are Born. Not Made
THE Cossacks form a branch of the
Russian service which has no paral
lel In any other army in the world.
There are seven states In the Birdie Bell
republic, each. state having its own Gov
ernor, v/ho appoints his or her staff of
ficers. The names of the states are Joy.
Peace, Love, Hope. Truth, Life and
Faith. All the citizens are Congressmen,
the Congress being divided Into the up
per and lower houses. The President ap
points his own Cabinet.
the nation. This Junior republic flag Is
red. gold and blue, signifying love, wis
dom and peace. They also have a lucky
number— 7— which is combined In all their
decorations. Dr. Stow was born on the
7th of the month, and the children In
sisted on having 7 their lucky number,
"because it's so lucky for us that sha
was born."
tttlieng. They had alwayi been "trained
to martial life and the use of arms, 10
the most natural and tha best solution of
the problem itemed to be to turn them
selves into soldi era, and to Instill such a
tnlsT-t Os nxe a Knunrc of eld' ana p«*»
form lomo deed of darin* for you.
Mlaa Lovyllpa — Oh, Oeergst Njwt that
jrtm're* worked it? t» It, suppose m ay«aJc
to papa,— Philadelphia Pres*, ' .
Willie 'Den; fhe vice president, waf
sworn ?n and then the citizens burst into
song, their sweet, childish treble awnken-
Ing the birds, who lent their melody. ,The
business of. inauguration over, the clti-
Brary, zor wnien cuun iuuuuu> an ¦»«(•«>
The rest of the expanses are paid entirely
out of her private parse.
Of coursa the ! Birdie Bell < reoublia has
Its own flap, which la twined with that of
ilr. Blinncoo-Ah' my dear, I wish I
THBV SUNDAY CJLIil^
THE SORY OF
OAKLAND'S JUNIOR REPUBLICWith a Wild Whoop of Exultation fie Slammed
the Old Han Up Against, a Shade Tree.
They had been walking for an hour and
Mrs. Bowesr had been dividing her time
between making mores coffee 'In the
kitchen and looking out of the front door,
when the thought struck her to take a
look at the bottles. There was the cough
syrup, and there was the laudanum, but
tne latter bottle had no contents. In fact,
it was as dry as a bone. As there had
been nothing in it to drink, Mr. Bowser
could have made no mistake. She ran out
at once to: inform him of the fact. The
tramp was still solicitously leading him
up and down and encouraging him to Hv5
on. Mr. Bowslr heard tho news, took a
Bowser was dosed after heroic measures.
The druggist finally announced that tha
moment of peril had passed, but sent
him home to drink a quart § of strong cof
fec and advised that he walk up and down
for a couple of hours. Mrs. Bowser had
the coffee rendy, and it was almost a
human wreck she gazed at as he entered
the house. She hadn't the heart to re
proach him fpr his carelessness, and when
he had disposed of the coffee she helped
him on with his overcoat and saw him
out on the street. He hadn't paced tho
length of the block before he fell In with
an old tramp who was looking for lodg
ings In some doorway and who was soon
informed of what had happened. He was
a rough looking man, but he had a kind
heart, arid he took Mr. Bowser's arm and
eaid: : ..-,
"All right, cully. I see how It Is. Tired
with the turmoil of life, you started out
to commit suicide, but thought better of
it after swallowing a dose. Just my case,
exactly. I've tried it rix different times.
Easy, now old rosebud! Lean on me, and
we'll walk up and down and damn thi
eyes of the world In general together."
"G-way— g'way from me!" Mr. Bowser
got up the strength to exclaim.
"Never, my conscience-stricken friend,
I shall walk with you, and as we prome
nade you can pour your tale of sorrow
into my ear and be sure of my sym
pathy."
Tha idea was, of course, to get the
patient t« throw, the laudanum off his
stomach,. and for the next half, hour. Mr.
."Probably 'grabbed up a bottle in the
dark and guzzled away. That's the. way
with most men. I'll give you a strong
emetic, but I'm afraid It's going to be a
close shave/' -;
"Laudanum! I— I made a mistake. I
thought I was taking cough syrup. Don't
delay or I'm a dead man. 1 "
/.'Oh, you have! .Couldn't upset things
any other way, and so you took poison!
What was it?"
"I've— I've taken poison!" replied Mr.
Bowser. as he staggered in and sat down.
It was half past 10 o'clock. Mr. Bowser
hadn't waited to tic his shoes, put on a
collar or button his coat and vest. As he
went up the street at a gallop several
people asked him where the fire was, and
a policeman jumped, out' from behind a
tree and tried to head him off. The drug
store had just closed, but he set tho bell
to ringing and accompanied it with kicks
on the door, and after seven or eight min
utes tho druggist appeared and Indig
nantly demanded:
\ "What in thunder do you mean by try
ing to kick my door In?"
"Don't stop to ask a single question, but
fly for your life and I'll go down and get
the 1 coffee ready."
"Do you— you think I'm a dead man?"
he stammered as he .got into his
ccat.
"Then go at once to the drug store for
a remedy. How careless of you! Here
Is your vest. Here's you coat. It you
have taken laudanum you must throw it
off at once and then drink a lot of strong
coffee."
"I— I've taken • poison— laudanum!" ho
gasped as his teeth chattered and his eyes
bulged out. • - .
"What on earth is It?" she asked as ho
begpn to gather up and pull on his socks
and shoes. , ¦ ¦ •
next minute Mr. Bowser dashed Into the
room with the cat at his heels.
felt a touch of sore throat and an
nounced :
"I G°V y fect wet yesterday and prob-
THE evening had been a pleasant one
with the Bowsers, but just as they
were ready to go to bed Mr. Bowser
(Copyright. 1001. by C. D. Lewis.)
"Yes; I saw It there the other day,"
replied Mrs. Bowser, "but you've got
Huch a lot cf bottl.-s there that you must
be careful. .Better brlnj; it upstairs when
fir. Bowser Dashed Unto the Room With the Cat
at His Heels.
ably took cold. I think I'll take a pretty
big dose of that cough syrup of mlne'and
head It on*. I suppose it's in the medi
cine chest on the shelf?"
But it didn't. As he held the bottle up
to the light the. picture of a skull and
crossbones greeted his eyes, and across
the label ran the word "Laudanum." Mrs.
Bowser heard avrhoop and a rush, and the
"It was the right bottle, of course.": he
mused, "and what. a fool I .was to hop
out of bed and trot down here! Here the
blamed thing Is, and if it doesn't say
cough syrup on the label then I'm a"- —
He growled to himself as he pulled on
his trousers and started downstairs. ' The
chest was on the stand as he had left it;
and as ho lighted the gas the cat rolled
off tho lounge and" started at him In sur
prise.
"I've grot to go down and see about that
Infernal old bottle. I know it Isn't possible
that I got hold of the wrong* stuff, but
you've had to. mix In and make me won
der about- It. ¦ I can almost Imagine that
I feel a strange taste in my mouth.*'
"What is It?" asked Mrs. Bowser.
A doubt entere.d his mind and he sat up.
Two more doubts followed the first and he
got out of bed.
When she had gone upstairs Mr. Bowser
brought the chest down from the top shelf
of the closet and looked It over. It was
not long before he lighted on the cele
brated "Cure a Cold in Ten Seconds," rec
ommended to him six months before by a
traveling doctor and put up by his family
druggist, and, elevating the bottle, he took
a 1 hearty swig of the contents. He car
ried upstairs with him a pleasant feeling
that his cold had been knocked Into tha
middle of last week, and nothing Inter
rupted that feeling. until he was In bed
and sleep stealing over him and Mrs.
Bowser said:
"I hope you made no mistake about that
bottle."
"How could I make a mistake?" he
asked in a dreamy way.
I "Easy enough. You are very absent
minded. Don't you remember once tak
ing a tablespoonful of sewing machine
oil In place of a tonic?"
you have found It."
*Tho old flannel shirt would have looked
bad enough if .he . had not torn off the
piece to bandage Carlo's leg. It was late
in October, and the water wa3 no Turkish
bath, and I could hear Charley shiver
from where I stood, but he waded in up
to his armpits and got the. ducks and
started for the bank where I was, and he
was so tickled he bepjyi to sing "Pull for
the shcre, brother, pull for the shore." He
would have got out in time and got
dressed before anybody came along, only
a couple of ducks came flying by and I
it was— for the public road; he was going
to go In and get those ducks. Well. I had
shot ducks' a good deal, and had had all
kinds of retrievers, but I had never had
my ducks retrieved by an Episcopal mln
isterYso I said to him to go ahead, and he
did. He was a sight, there Is no discount
on that , -
Hence the expression, which was orlgl
nally Intended w_ convey a certain idea,
appears to have been retained, while *ho
origin is not generally known.
ing to look pious all the time, except when
he was out with me, had been too much
for him and that his mind was affected,
and when I asked him what he was tak
ing off his clothes for on a public road, he
said he didn't care a continental— I think
the desired limits. The heat had hard
ened the heavy paste and baked it thor
oughly, so it was absolutely of no use for
anything else. It became one of the moat
useless things in the world, and there was
not enough of Uneven, to be worth while
carrying to the p.'gs.
turnpike, and th^n he pulled up on the
¦thoroughbred and let him out for ahout
fix miles. Actually A had to hold my
hat on. and I told the minister he would
surely injure my reputation as a country
editor if he didn't slow up, but Charley
laughed as If he was on a sulky in the
fair ground, and sal'i the g">od Lord never
brought such horses in the world to go
on a walk, an« we hurried along to a
bend in the river where there were al
ways some ducks, and we hitched the
hone and went ducking. In jumping out
rf the busj?y Carlo sprained his foot and
limped around until my minister tore off
a. piece of his disreputable Jlannel shirt
where it would not be seen, marie a band
ape for Carlo's foot, saturated It with
some horse liniment and rolled the dog
up in hi? ministerial coat and laid him In
the bugjry, and Carlo went to sleep. The
minlster end I went around the bend, and
after a while I had half a dozen ducks
floating down stream on the water, dead
to the" "world. Ordinarily Carlo would
have retrieved the ducks, two at a time,
and asked for more, but Carlo was out
of the race, and we were in a -fair way
to lose our ducks, when my minister,
lifter prayerful consideration of the mat
ter, began to take off his trousers.
First I thought he was going daffy. I
thought the strain of preaching and try-
SOMETHING YOU CAN SAY WITHOUT BEING PROFANE.
There is no prcranity in saying that any
certain thing "Is not worth a tinker's
dam," altlwugh It is so considered by
many. The expression- originated many
years ego. when tinkering or mending
leaky tin vessels' was much cruder than
it is now.
In former times the use of rosin to cneck
the flow oi solder when placed on tin was
not generally understood— at least by the
roving tinkers. "When one of these gen
tlemen of the road found a job, such as
mending a wash boiler or other tin house
fold utensil, he would get from the house
wife or domestic n pieqe of soft dough.
With this he would build a dam around
the place where he intended to put hia
solder. Inside of *ne circle thus formed
he poured the melted lead. When the
metal had cooled he would brush away
the dam of dough that had confined it -to
<Copyn?nt. 7WI. by th*" Pri>fJ Publishing
Company. New York World.) .
tt AFT year 1 was on a lecture trip.
jj Tar away from my home, and
Jl ? found that 1 would have to remain
over Sunday in a preat city, whet*
I did not know a single soul. Picking
up a Sunday morning paper. I saw that
Bishop Charles Mortimer Price of
the Episcopal Church was to ofll
ciMe in rhurch there, and that many
•children were ta be christened. I read th»
name of the Bi'hop again and again— the
name u«ed 1? not his name, though— and
I was sure he must be an old friend whom
I knew thirty yoars before, when he was
just out of college and was assigned to
his flret parish. I went to the church,
heard him preach and saw him hand'e
•=o tenderly the little children that he was
taking the first step toward makln-
Christians of, and was sure he was my
old friend. After the services I went up
to the altar, and the janitor, or whatever
the man is that acts as teller In church,
told him a man wanted to see him. lie
came forward with his white silk gar
ments on. we looked at each other, I paid
"Charley," he raid "George," he put hi*
big white sleeve around me and led me
back Into his den, and ah the afternoon
we didn't do a thing but talk about old
times. One thing he paid will be used for
my text. He said: "George, I want to
know If that Dutch farmer down there
on the river ever learned the English lan
guage." I told him that the German did
learn Engllch, and eventually became rich
and a high public official, and the Bishop
seemed relieved, and I went away to my
train and left that part of the country.
But all that night, on the sleeper, I
thought of li-e Bishop that was to be ajid
the German of long ago.
I was publishing a country paper, hav
ing Jost completed learning the printer's
trade, and Price had learned hia trade
and was preaching. I had a wife, a gun
and a dog. He had a chestnut-colored
trotting horse and a buggy his father had
given him and was a bachelor. We got
acquainted over the trotting horse one.
night when he overtook me coming In
from a hunt, and took me In to ride with
him, and his hors* trotted away down
below 2:30 until we got near town, when
It plowed down anil my friend- left oft
his appearance of sporty tendencies and
looked grave and pious, as became a
younsr minister.
Some days I would get Into my boat
with the dog and row upstream from the
town we lived In for a mile or two and
I would finally see tl^ minister at a bend
in the river waltinjr for me. Ho would
have on his long- Mack coat. buttone«l
with those small vest buttons an inch
apart from Genesi?. near Ji!s throat, to
Revelation, down near his belt, and I
would be In a hurry and think it would
take him half an heur to unbutton that
coat and get in the Loat. but as soon as
the solemn look left his face— the min
isterial look that he wore in town— and
the "Charley" look, which meant an out
ing of fun. came t<- take its place he
would take hold of the collar and begin
to rip. the way a schoolboy unbuttons
his Fhoes when he is getting in swimming,
and for a second it would pound like a
distant volley of musketry "and the coat
would be unbuttoned all the way down,
and my ministerial comrade would appeal
In the moft disreputable old blue flannel
shirt that ever was. iioth-eaten and torn.
£i»d then he would pull on a pair of rub
ber boots, stow the black coat away under
the forward deck, and I would row him
up the rivpr to a camp and we woui:
have fun for two day.«. sleeping under the
trees, shooting game and eatir.g such
meals.
One day we put my dog under the bug
ry seat where he wouldn't show, and put
my gun case out of sisht and Charily
drove leisurely out of town until we had
passed the last house and struck the
town. Charley shlva/lng with the cold,
and holding the dog on his legs to keep
warm. Luckily we got into town a Httla
after dark, so the minister could get into
his study without attracting too much at
tention, and the next Sunday I chained
Carlo up and went to church myself, and
there was -narley .with a brand new coat
and a choker collar, but all during hia
sermon I could only think of how he
would look In the pulpit as I saw him re
trieving my ducks, and hiding In the
v/eeds under the fence. And when I vis
ited my Charley, now a Bishop. In his
study In the Southern city, with littlo
English nlde-whiskcrs. and he took off his
coat, which was a dead ringer for the one
he wrapped around my dog, and he askej
me about our Carlo, and I told him how
an unhung villain had poisoned him years
before a tear came to his eye. and then
we took a small drink of something, be
cause the Bishop said he .felt a chill at
the thought of retrieving those ducks
from the cold river thirty years before.
"George." said ne. "your corning here
has ruined me. For a quarter of a cen
tury now I have tried to forget that yoke
of oxen running away down by the river
when here you come along picturing and
bringing It all back to me. and I have got
to go another quarter of a century forget
ting it again, liable to burst out laughing
any minute. Oh. why did you go to lec
turing?" and then we each took the last
swallow of whatever it was in the glass,
and I went away laushlng, and left the
Bishop laughing, and there you are.
In a hurry, with their tails sticking up
and bellowing.
Th* old man saw the oxen running
away, and he and his wife and the girls
started on a run after them, and I got
Charley into some of his clothes, and we
hitched up the horse and started for
gave them both barrels, and that s<v>m.-><-»
to wake old Carlo up. and he evidently
thought there was some fun gfilng on that
he was not In. so he jumped out of th«
buggy and came running ur> on three \»Z9,
with the minister's coat hanging to him.
and he rushed Into the water, coat md
all. got ore of the ducks I had lust shot,
and put his paws on the minister's shoul
der and ducked him under, and they were
having a great time when I looked
.around and a German farmer, with his
wife and several grown-up girls on a lum
ber wagon, was comlntr toward i;g. I
yelled to Charley to come out and crawl
behind a barbed wire rence. which he .hist
had time to do. and then the old farmer
stopped to talk with me. the old lady
and the girls got out to help water th«
oxen, and there was my minister under
the fence, shivering: his young llfe> away.
At first Carlo laid down under the fenrv»
In the> weeds with his clerical friend, who
had got his coat out of the water, and
then Carlo saw that I had company, so
he brought a duck to roe. wagged his tali
and went back to where Charley was hid
ing for another until he had brought the
whole seven ducks, and that made the
girls want to go and see where Carlo had
got them, and I knew that would never do.
so I told the girls there was a tramp ly
ing by the fence who had evidently be*n
drinking too much, and they stayed away;
but the old farmer who couldn't rpeak
English, on being told by th» girls about
the tramp Insisted on going to se« the.
hobo, as he suspected It was a tramp that
had been at his house and stolen some
thing. How to get Charley out of the
scrape I did not know. The girls went
part way to the fence to protect their
father If he had any trouble with the
tramp, so their backs were toward me. My
gun was loaded and I got behind the oxen
and fired both barrels In the air and
looked up as though I had shot at some
flying ducks. It was all off then. The
oxen bellowed and started on a gallop
toward home, kicking -and curling their
backs, as oxen will when frightened and
JTHE-^SUNliAY^CAXJiL i : .
moment to digest it, and with a wild
whoop of exultation he slammed the old
man up against a shade tree, picked up
the cat which had followed Mrs. Bowser
and made a run for the house. She fol
lowed him, and as thf door was close 1
behind her and several other whoops
came to his ears the Kind-hearted tourist
leaned over the Kate and muttered:
"Why, I was about to strike th» old
coon for a quarter, and here he's gone an*
got over It and given me the coM throw
down! Hans? a man who don't know
¦when he's got a good thins."
THE BISHOP WHO RETREIVED
MR. BOWSER'S TRIBULATIONS.ligion is chierly concerned. The Bible, for
example, prohibits certain acts and
courses of conduct and prescribes certain
others without always giving the why and
wherefore of so doing. The reason is not
far to seek. It came to the knowledge
of one man at a given time and place
or to a few men at different places and
various times— whether by inspiration or
experience matters not to our present
purpose — that certain things were good for
men to do and certain other things the
reverse. Therefore, certain commands
and prohibitions for the government of
men were framed and promulgated. Some
of these dealt with the motives and prin
ciples of conduct and others with words
and acts only. The closeness of relation
that existed between the Creator and his
creatures in the most ancient ideas and
forms of Bible religion sufficiently ac-
counts for the divine sanction and ulti
mate authority assumed by those prohibi
tions and commands. In proportion as it
came to be understood or believed that
God had enacted laws of human conduct,
obedience to those laws came to be re
garded as righteousness and disobedience
as sin. In the religious sense of the term,
therefore, roughly speaking, Bin is neither
more nor less than moral perversity. "To
him that knoweth to do good and doeth
it not,' to him it is sin." is a familiar Bible
text As the proper sphere of religion is
the spiritual in man it naturally belongs
to the offices of religion to dear with the
moral Qualities of human conduct And'
now, as ever in the past, moral perversity
is intrinsically the worst quality of hu
man sin, as It is also the worst In' its
blighting: effects unon the wellbeing of
mankind. Our sins of ignorance are many
and varUd and they are responsible for'
a large share. of the stagnation and mis- .
ery of human life; but these are not for
a moment to be compared with the stu-
pendous aggregation of crime and cruelty
and agony which is the dally and hourly
result of conscious and - willful wrongdo
ing. . "Man's Inhumanity to man makes
countless . thousands mourn.'* "whence
come wars between nations, conflicts be
tween classes, strifes among* individuals.
Jealousies in families, murders and sul-
London's Under
ground Railway.
Rarely before has London been ro
pleased with a novelty submitted for Us
approval as it is with the new Central
thrown open for .public use. From the time
the first train started from the Shephcrd'3
Bush terminus, at 5:15 a. m., until the last
train from tha bank end, half an hour
after midnight, no fewer than M.300 pas
sengers had sampled the new line on its
opening day. Thousands more had looked
on. As the line is open seven days a week
these numbers, if regarded aa average
traffic figures, would mean a yearly pas
senger return of 30.000.000. To some ex
tent this traffic was doubtless attracted
by the novelty of the thing. Still the
management beforethe opening 1 estimated
an annual passenger total of over; 50,000.
000. They now Bee no* reason for modify
ing their anticipations, unless it is to raise ...
them.
To get down to the level of the train*,
which varies from sixty feet to ninety-six
feet below the street, either stairs or lifts
are available. Most people take the fine.
large, airy elevators, for the stairs are
long, numbering from 100 to 150 treada. a
formidable flight to walk up at all events,
whatever may be said about going down ,>
them. Arrived on the platform, one's'
first sensation is that of a delicious cool
ness. The thermometer may be soaring
In the eighties or nineties overhead in th*
street, but down on this line it is always .
round about 45 degrees. Then the electric I
lights suddenly Gash into greater bril
liancy, in comes the train— they run every
two and a half minutes during the busy
hours— and off it soca asaln before time
has been given to observe fully how
handsome it is with its seven elegant
cars, each built to seat forty-elsht per- % J
sons.— London Mall. „
rides? For the most part, wttaont ques
tion, they are rather the product of mis
guided passion than of mere ignorance.
Foul spite doing Its dirty work, base slan
der assassinating character, cruel oppres
sion grinding the faces of the poor— what
are these but the natural effects of active
human perversity? — of that moral condi
tion to which the old Bible text refers
when it describes the heart as "deceitful
above all things and desperately wlckeu t"
If every human being always followed the
best promptings of his nature these things
would soon cease to be, the work of moral
education would be lightened as if by a
miracle and peace and harmony would
flood the world as naturally as does
morning light from the ascending sun.
Here, however, we reach a point
'Where collision with some of President
Jordan's positions In his recent Sunday
evening address on "'Education" seems in
evitable. ' I have a profound respect
for Dr. Jordan's breadth, depth and judg
ment as a thinker upon the ethical side
of social questions, and therefore I ven
ture to hope that Jordan upon Spencer
has been misreported In such expression's
as the followins: "Education means ev
•erythlng." "A sound body means a sound
life." "There is no such thing as vice,
for vice is but the effort to get happiness
without earning it." These short state
ments, which have the uncanny appear
ance of half-truths, are culled from The
Call's report of President Jordan's lec
ture, not for the purpose of evoking
odium theologlcum, nor with any un
friendly Intent whatsoever, but becau?-*
they seem capable of being so Interpreted
as to give to the lecture an antl-religlotn
complexion and thus to falsify Dr. Jor
dan's commonly understood attitude
toward religion. Herbert Spencer pur
posely omitted direct consideration of th«
clement of religion from his chapter on
"Moral Education," but he Included In It
the following sentences, which have a
very suggestive bearing upon the relate
tasks of education and religion for the
uplifting of mankind: ""We are not." say3
Gpencer, ! "among those who believe In
Lord Palmerston's dosma that all chil
dren are born good. On the whole, the
opposite dogma, untenable aa it is, seem*
to us less wide of the truth. Nor do we
agree with those -who think that, bv skill
ful discipline, children may be made al
together what they should be. Contrari
wise, we are satisfied that though Imper
fections of nature may be diminished by
wise management, tbev cannot be re
moved by it. The notion that an ideal hu
manity might be forthwith produced bv
a perfect system of education 13 ne:i
akin to that shadowed forth In the poems
of Shelley, that would mankind give up
their old Institutions, prejudices and er
rors, all the evils in the world would at
once disappear; neither notion being ac
ceptable to such as have dispassionately
studied human affairs." '
These are wise words and they Imply
that education is not "every t-lng"; that
there is such a thing: as vice, and that
there is in human nature a root of bitter
ness which physiological culture is not
likely to eradicate. For want of knowing
better, therefore, I must perforce adhero
to the old idea that there is in man evil
•which education alone, however broad,
many sided and thorough, canr.ot re
move, and that sin In the form of
moral perversity is so far Innate In hu
man nature that nothing short of th»
spiritual forces of religion can reach it
with an effective cure. The grand, ever*
expanding and ever-varying work of edu
cation belongs to the incidents, conditions
and environment of human life, while tho
task of religion is with the moral spring
of conduct, the spiritual pulsations of our
being. Neither can do without the other:
therefore, let not the teacher despise the
spiritual physician.
Y[^> recent years h!s Satanic majesty ha?
| always been associated !n my mini
*i with a worthy Presbyterian elder ol
iny acquaintance — a Ftern old man oi
Scottish descent r.r.d extreme Calvinlstic
proclivities. This peculiar association o!
ideas began as follows: i:ider McCloud,
a California rancher and the father-in
law of several others, was one day hold
> Jnjf forth volubly upon hip pet doctrine of
f total depravity In the presence of one of
his sms-In-law, who was the father ol
ten children. "AH chllren," paid the ol<l
man. "are born Into the world children of
the dlwle." "What!" exclaimed the son-
In-law. "do you mean to say that the
devil is the father of my ten?" "Every
wan of them, my lad," answered the old
rrandfather promptly. "No. sir." was the
ycunrer one'ti prompt retort. "You may
eny that they are the devll> grandchil
dren If you like, but I'd have you know
that I'm their father." Tableau! And the
old man had the good sense to Join heart
ily In the laugh that followed at his ow 1
expense.
Elder McCloud believed what h<» said.
But, Imagine, If !t were true, what new
meaning we should have to read Into
Christ's phrase, "the deiil and his an-
Rele." Imagine, further, the topsy-turvy
Interpretation we should have to Rive to
Christ's benediction upon children and to
his immortal word?. "Suffer little children
to come unto me. f>.r of such 1? the king
dom of heaven." Should we not have to
fay "the kingdom of hell" instead?
The personality of the devil is to many
jvoopie a question of r^al and present in
• terest. To Luther Satan was a lively per
sonality, if that story of the ink-pot be
ar.ythlr.gr more than a fabl», and that
Unry has its counterpart In thousands if
lire* when the conflict between good and
evil becomes rf > a j an(1 intense. I once
knew a vf-ry Hercules of a village black
smith to wh^m "Old Nick" was Just as
r<\i! as bf had bron to Luther. For years
Fiias Hro\>r.!r.ir pointed with triumph to
a sr-arr*-«1 j.iaoe <-.n the wall In an ancle of
his smithy as pm,,f that he had "knocked
the derll out." and cnt:ld do it again.
Bnrh series »r* not more realistic than
that «-f tho "T^w 'mtSon In th»* wilder
r*>?f." as related ! •!»• N*»tr Testament.
Whc'.hor thry prmv the existence of a
p*-r«t:.-;J r>vil r.r on!y th» active play
of lively lmapir.s?J->r:s is a question
t:po n w! :.-h there is no approacli
to unanimity of agreement among even
the brrt and wisest of religious peopls.
Of cour»r» there I? much to be said in fa
vor ff a Dcr.sonnl dev;!— In favor, that J«.
of the Idea that there In i«uch a being, in
tV>«» ffrrt plare he Is a familiar and vener
ni>V tradition. His cunrinc pranks and
their tiajrie results in the Hook of Gents's.
his Ti-Kiks and talks and desperate doins-s
in the Book of Job. and his Waterloo in
the G epel of Matthev.-. all belong to the
old theology; which appealed to the imasr-
Inatii r: and ca.l!ed art to Its aid. More
aver, nliJ-r people now living all recall
<-h*;.i!=h memories of horror and dread
associated with bogle stories and pictures
cf a villainous figure with horns, hocfa
and a tail. To unthink all that, so to
r;o.k. or to regard it all as allegory it
r . rire a strain upon the faith of lots
Vt very religious people. Further.* the
idea of a personal devil is a great and per
y^tual convenience — like a cat around a
kitchen where some delicacy has disap
jrared, or a dish has been broken — a sort
cf universal scape-goat. Adam blamed
the woman, and Eve blamed the serpent.
Most of us deem Adam an unchivalrous
coward, but we ourselves have a snoak
1rg satisfaction In denouncing the ser
per.t; it feels so good to have some one
el^r- to blame for the wrong things that
p.rf being said and done in the world from
day to day, as well as those that have
been perpetrated in the past long history
of the world at large. Besides, to aban
don the doctrine of a personal devil Is to
be thrown upon the disagreeable alterna
tive of "Every man his own devil." whirh
Is a. distinctly less flattering sentiment
than "Every man his own God." There
fore, whatever may be said for or against
the doctrine, of a mighty and subtle spirit
ual personality as the embodiment and
propagator of evil that doctrine is apt to
be largely believed for a long time tv>
ecme. both because Bible statements seem
to favor It and because many sorts of peo
ple would rather construe those state
nvnts literally than figuratively.
But the question of the devil's person
ality is. after all. only Incidental to that
vastly larger subject— the existence of
evil in the world In the forms of pin and
its conserjucnccs. The good oia Methodist
lady vrho, according: to the story, was
taken to ta«k by her pastor for praying
fojr tin? conversion of "that pesky old
B«.-"-lzobub" was less radical In her ideas
than she njppofed. Of course, her notion
was that an answer to her prayer would
piii s.n end jo sin at its very source, and
great was her surprise at being rebuked
for an ambition so laudable. But the phil
osophical limitations cf her pastor's faith
fortadc such flights of presumptuous dar-
In;j. And both the church and the world
ere to-t!ay on the pastor's side. We get it
the unknown through the known, and our
Firusrgle with evil Is Inspired by the grim
realization that the devil must be fought
end conquered In the person* of his hu
man rcpresentatix-es. Sin incarnated In
the perMonal conduct and character of
r-uiran lives Is what the world has to
meet and grapple with in Its efforts to- ',
ward progress, whether individual or unl- ,
versaL
t And what Is irin? The question looks ,
9 ' 1 >*V t anJ simple, but It really is complex ]
¥t- ' v Ricult. According to an old theo- i
I %' ...f definition Fin Is any violation of or i
vuist of conformity with the law of God. ,
''An older definition still is that of the !
Apostle John In the New Testament— (
tersely expressed In the revised version <
in three words— "Sin Is lawlessness." The j
difficulty about such definitions is that 1
thry are philosophically inco:np.ete, while <
excellence consists In the fact that J
they provide n erood starting point for that
kind of investigation which Is Impelled
by prnotlcal Intent. If we would construe
tlie term Pin with I'teral exactness It may
be a sin to catch cold or to neglect the
closing of a door. Law— the law of God
material and moral— Is universal. Presum
ably there is no part of me universe, near
or far, visible or invisibl-, that Is not af
fected by It; no form of being to which
It doos not apply. To perfectly obey ail
such law with intelligence and moral pur
pose would be to lead a sinless life. But
to livlnp creatures that have left the
trails of brute instinct the universe is foi
the most part a labyrinth. Its laws and
the relations of its several parts to each
other are yet but very partially and Im
perfectly understood by t.ie beat and most
enlightened of mankind. When man fully
understands his nature and his place of
purpose in the universe there will be no
Fin eicept that which may possibly pro
ceed from moral perversity. But until
then a vast proportion of the evil remain-
Ing in the world must continue to be the
outcome of sheer human ignorance of
the laws and conditions of human well
being: Whether with the attainment of
perfect knowledge of these matters moral
perversity would entirely disappear is a
question that cannot be answered In the
affirmative. While some forms of sin
seem to diminish others certainly seem to
increase with the spread of knowledge
and the improvement of the physical con
ditions of human life, the progress of
knowledge being for the most part a
piecemeal and lopsided affair, with moral
reflection lagging far in the rear.
It Is with the moral aspects of sin—
with sin as wickedness, that is— that re-
THE STJND AT| OAIil^
THE DEVIL AND SINvarious functions, of. which the
non-professional people are not
aware.- (i) They take. in the oxy
gen of the air, which then diffuses
through their tissues, vitalises the
blood, and thereby supports the life
of the entire organism. Life ceases
as soon as the supply of oxygen is
cut off, or the health fails t zvhen in
sufficient. (2) The lungs, in the
acY of breathing out, exhale the car
bgjiic acid gas, a waste product of
tissue change, which the blood takes
up in all parts of the body and
gives off in the lungs, where it ex
changes it for oxygen. (3) The
lungs,' by their expansion, inspire
the blood from the large veins into
the right side of the heart,. thereby
aiding this organ in maintaining
the circulation of the blood.
After a bit the crowd cheered and went
out Then a man and a woman carao. in
with' stuff on sale.. The woman 'had hats
and gowns to sell to the ladies to get their
attention while the man could talk to
"Leg-long." This fellow had a whole
bunch of military clothes and things, but
There was a tea-party In progress, and
suddenly a soldier with a corking uniform
and big hat rushed In and began to talk.'
I think "Leg-long" had been giving him
hot air, maybe, and got him a little off,
for he began to yell "Vive!" and try to
salute. Every time he did It they called
him down, and finally threw him out. It
showed that she had been getting the sol
diers to take her part, and her guardians
didn't want to encourage any business of
that kind, because the French* were excit
able and it might lead to trouble. They
knew that "Leg-long" never could make
good as a general if trouble Btarted. They
were willing to humor her, but they
wouldn't stand any hip-hurrah business
from the soldiery. v
Then a lady read some poetry to quiet
things down. And then Bay-ran herself
came in. 1 spotted her in a second -and
clapped just as soon as any one.; She was
dressed all in black and looked very: sad
and dispirited, as if she had had . a bad
night I could see at a glance it was a
case of wheels and consumption. ¦ The
people around humored her. just as much
us they could and saluted as if she were
a man and a great officer. One old fellow
even showed her a sample case of badges
from which she . could make . a selection,
but she wasn't much interested.'
Act 1 is rather quiet, but it serves its
purpose of putting you onto tha plot. It
is a close-in-veranda scene, with a * long
boo-le-vard running right straight back
out of sight In tha distance. Just like one
of those long country lanes with trees on
both sides and road kept well watered.
Everything showed that tha owners of
tha placa were swell people and lived In
the lap of luxury. .
psamble better. The fourth act is the
crazy scene. It is great! \
They had a whole bunch of Punch-and-
Judy show soldiers that they put on the
table, and the soldier-man showed "Les
ions" a few. tricks about war. "Leg-long"
waxed very patriotic and landed some
heavy ones on the audience amid much
applause. She ; carries the sympathy
Inrnugh the piece right' along.
After; a while an old boy with a black
tie and light pants and a long black coat
came in. < He might have been ; a bank
president or an undertaker, or a commis
sioner for, the insane. He was. evidently
a. friend of ¦ the family, for he talked
straight from the shoulder to the , young
lady. She swung back with some hot shot,
but he got : rather th<*" best of it in, his
closing argument. ; Just- as he, finished
with some remarks about the French na
tion being" fat-ee-gay, or something :; to
that effect: that thev were tired of tha
Napoleon craze anyway, Ko-kee-lan came
in and heard him.
Well, when Ko-kee got started he
put it all over the somber gent in> black.
Ko-kee in the play is Flambow. or tho
I spotted him at once as a man with a
?urposa and in disguise. Ha was one of
hosa soldiers who were in favor of start-
Ing a row and using "Leg-long," on ac
count of her fatner's reputation, as
dummy to make general trouble. He and
"Leg-long" got chummy right away and
commenced hatching up schemes, but
were interrupted by the arrival , of two
of her , guardians : so the man and tha
woman had to hide behind a screen while
"Leg-long" kept tha new arrivals busy.
Finally tha curtain went down with "Leg
long" and the saleslady having a nice Ut
tla heart-to-heart talk by the table under
lae red Hsht.
The next act had some rather exciting
stuff It in. It opened up quiet. enough in
a comfortable library with an old ruin on
a hill visible through the window. Some
soldiers took turns running in and out, and
then came "Leg-long" in a hot military
suit, all In white, with high gum boots
nicely polished and a couple of furniture
tassels hanging from her belt and two
etars on her chest. Just like the "Native
Sons wear on' parade day. '
'i. ue same guy who tried . to sell the
clothes was fhere, '¦ this . time . in full uni
form, and I was glad to see that my guess
that he was a soldier had come true.
You wouldn't think: to look at her that
she had so much spunk. It is the old Na-
.Then comes the -heavy business of tha
act. and it is great The uncle gets "Leg
long" by the arm, and with a bunch of
candles in- : one hand to llcht the way
drags her over to the lc.oklng-glasa an«l
lays down the law. He has lost all pa
tience, and has made up his mind to try
a strong. cure. He makes her look # in ths
mirror at herself 'in boy's clothes . and
the pitiable figure. Bhe cuts attired as a
man. He tells; her she raierht just as
well stop being crazy and settle down to
quiet- needlework, like any young hidy of
noble birth. „ He puts up such : a strong
talk and gets the poor girl so , excited—
for by this time she is groaning aloud—
that all of a 'sudden she grabs the candle
stick from h!s ; hand and smashes tha
heavy plate glass mirror all to pieces.
In the third act the uncle came in to
expostulate — it was the same stasre set
ting—and to try to get "Leg-long" to quiet
down. But he bumped right Into Flambow
keeping guard at the young lady's door
and ail dressed up as one of the old
guard of Napoleon, with an immensi
arum-major hat and a gun with & bayonet
on it. I guess "Leg-long" made him put
on the rig to carry out the idea that sha
was a second Napoleon. Flam kept the
old gent at bay with the bayonet all
right. But finally a band of music struck
up outside, and in came "Legr-long." Flam
rushed-out of the back ' entrance, .and
there were two shots fired: but he evl
ently. got off O. K.. for he came back all
right in the next act.
particular guardian of the young lady.
He is not exactly true to his trust, be
cause while he realizes ths futility of her
dream, still he Is inclined to encourage
her a little too far in the delusion. . Ho
threw It Into the black boy so hard that
tha gent beat a precipitate retreat. Then
Ko-kee pulled out of his pockets a whola
lot of stuff — plates and handkerchiefs and
things with mottoes of France and tha
great Napoleon on them— and "Leg-long"
commenced to think that she was the real
thing again. There was a band playing
encouraging tunes outside. It was a sad
case, but you couldn't help feeling pleas
ure in the enjoyment the poor young
thing got out of this momentary patriotic
burst.
In act five you could see that she had
gone from bad to worse. I think that in
the interim she must have been hitting
the Green Terror— you know that fright
ful French drink they call absinthe. The
scene was the plain of Wacram. I got
that from the picture outside the theater
It is nothing but a flock of sand dunes
with a shanty on the left, but- "Leg-long"
has evidently escaped and rushed out here
thinking it is a battlefield. Flambow has
followed her and when tha scene opens is
begging her to come home to her peoDle
for it will be all off with him as her par
ticular watchman if he does not get her
back before dawn. Some other retainers
rush in and do the best they can but no
Bhe will not leave. Finally a lot of police
men come in in official capacity to arrest
Flambow for not attending to his dutv
more carefully. I spotted them as officers
at once on account of their high hats ami
bullseye lanterns. A lot of people around
me made Irrelevant remarks.
"Leg-long" made it a personal matter
to thank the man who took her side, but
still she felt?rather down In the mouth
at the general sentiment.
They are there to see what tha people
think about "Leg-long" as a future gen
eral anyway. The staga has all been as
dark as grandma's pocket so far, but now
they bring In the lights and all tha mum
mers coma In to tha excellent feed which
is spread. "Leg-long" soon finds out what
they think about her, for a good many
unpleasant speeches commence to float
around and Flambow pours a glass of
booze Into his gun to put the cartridge on
the bad lest he should become so excited
that he might attempt to flre into the
crowd.
One man takes "Leg-long's" part and
talks back to another fellow. 1 was in
hopes that we should have a "Prisoner of
Zenda" duel right on the stage, for the
French are good fencers end it was an
excellent opportunity for an exhibition,
but they simply exchanged cards and de
ckled to settle it when there were no
ladles present.
poleon working to the surface. Then, Just
like a girl, she falls in a dead faint In
the middle of -the floor. That is the turn
ing point of the piece. You know, break
ing a looking-glass when you are watch
ing your own face in it Is the worst kind
of luck. I never heard of anybody living:
more than seven years after a mishap of
that kind. •
The pext act is the beginning of tha bad
luck. It Is the masquerade in a garden.
Don't miss this. It is the gayest time
you ever saw outside of the Bohemian
Qance in the artist's studio in "Trilby."
"Leg-long" is there in disguise and she
has another girl dress up to look Just Ilka
her so as to make doubly sure. In about
the middle of the act and Just when you
don't expect it you hear Flam calling
from a pile of rocks in the middle of the
stage and "Leg-long" pulls him out of
the cellar— gun, uniform and all— just as
he was in the last act. I guess she made
him wear the Old Guard clothes all the
time. Of course he has to be circumspect
or ho will be discovered.
Flambow Is so overcome by his fcreacJ*
°* t""" tnat ha stabs hlmsefe-^omeboSr
SfiKKl^, th *7 thought the policemen
This frightens the officers so much that
they all slide for home and leave "L«g
l?,?*' «Jon« to care for tha dyln* man.
She begins to see things right awayand
commences to point them out to FUmt
H^tpr dramatic. Ha Is dyta*. sohi
thinks he aees them too and finally expires
Buffi SK"* vic W « -omeffi.
That settles it. A windstorm cornea no.
f2 d tfl«terrible ordeal of feeing her besi
inenfl die in her arms, together with th«
hard drinking and tha bad luck of to*
broken mirror, prove too heavy a «traln.
She goes plumb crazy right thera befor*
everybody. It 13 very trying and awfully
sad. She sees armies and armies of fight*
Ing men and all of them ahrieklng at her
as the guilty party wltn their blood on
her head. To make It realistic Mr. Grau
lets tho audience in on some of ths thlnra
that 6h« Eeea. You can hear th« wind
whistle and the groans and curses of th*
, dying and see the mortally wounded bob
bins up and down at the back of tha
stage. One woman back of m« laid it
was a shipwreck; that shows how much
Imagination some people have. For me 1'
made my hair stand on end to hear all
these things and see the sights and -watch:
Say-rah throw her arms around and talk
and gibber and snarl and froth
Finally the strong blood of old Napoleon
sot the better of it. and she seemed to
Sl 11 *.* 111^ TJi ld , a V lTit * of the night to
red »&ht on her, and you knew that tha
dawn had come and sh« would soon be
better. A corps of soldiers arrived to take
her home. -
.. A «. s - and the last, proved, however,
that the broken mirror and the nlsht on
the cold, bleak plain was too much for
her naturally weak constitution. Th»
uncle was really the guilty party, for h«
caused the trouble by his unfortunate re
marks to her before the mirror, and In
»nis, the death scene. I was glad to se-»
him show some remorse. He stood around
as though he had Just foreclosed tha
mortgage on the old farm but yet seemed
a bit sorry for It. It was a very sad and
trying scene, and Ray-rah died a beautiful
death. I had • to wipe away a few tears
when the officer of the guard was *e
quested by her to read her oedifrree out i
loud from a red morocco volume which ».
she had kept hidden under her pillow-*
They finally had to stop him. for sfr^j^Xt
passed away on angels" wings -j
eighteen seconds before he finish©.*! A*
the list. i .
If the show comes your way an<' to;
haven't the price borrow it. They «ay *
Say-rah Is fifty-seven and some ©Cd— \
'what do you think of that— and. on ray
life, she doesn't loolt twenty-two. Koi ee
is O. K. too. although his naive way of
bobbins- up serenely to respond to curtain
calls after you have lust seen him laid
dead on th«> field of "Wagram is certainly
rather ¦ confusing. Your brother.
¦ hi i i '"¦¦-¦ ETtSDL
"Leg-long" Instead of "Long-leg," as we
would do In English. Of course, Say-rah
plays the chief part— "Leg-long." Judg
ing from the name she fails to make the
part quite historically correct. She really
i3 rather short-leggftd. But she can act
all right, so you don't notice it much.
The whole plot in a nutshell is that
"Leg-long" is the daughter, of the great
Napoleon, and she feela so bad that she
wasn't a boy that she goes a bit daffy
over It and insists upon wearing boy's
clothes and soldier's uniforms, and swell
ing It aroi.nd to try and be recognized as
a second Napoleon general. She wants to
be another Joan of Arc, as it were, but,
hasn't the physique. It is really a sad
case.
1 don't understand much French, bat
the acting is so clever that with a few
words here £nd there you know Just what
is going on. On the level I had to weep
once or twice. • "Leg-long" Is an awfully
dear girl, you can see that through ths
lines, and it seems too bad that she has
to be spoiled by having bad such a great
father. Some of her relative* are a little
cruel with her, but most of them bear
with her in her mental affliction.
You see whenever, these shows in a for
eign tongue come to town they are care
less about printing directions qn the pro
gramme* that they give away because
they have books to sell between acts with
the whole business explained In English.
The free programmes have merely the
names of the fictitious characters with
the name of the actor opposite, but don't
give the relationship that these charac
ters bear to "Leg-long." I don't believe
in buying books at a show. It is too
much like patronizing the side shows at
a three-ring circus. As I do not know
any of the actors it was a
little hard for me to connect them with
the parts they played, especially as there
was a gooa deal of disguising done by dif
ferent ones as the play went on. Still
I'll tot 1 kept track of them as well as
anybody. ."•'¦.:'/• v
There are no real sawmills or steam en
gines or tanks of water-in the piece, but
still the settings are all right with old
style furniture and bang-up costumes to
fit the parts. There are six acts and four
hours of hard work, so If the show should
come up country you'd better taku some
thing to eat. They have a bar in the
theater down here.
I took a $2 standup, for after the first
act you can get a seat in the back of the
theater where you ¦ can watch the . scenic
effects in tire crazy scene better than you
could up front. You sot *&« tcot-xnd-
ditlon by the great French actress and
comedian, Fred forthwith penned a
detailed account of the play accord
ing 1 to his own lights. The following
¦was intercepted in the mail:
Dear Jim: The other night I went to
«ee tb» divine and the great French
comedian. Bay. they are all right, and If
they ehould happen to come to Lodl, don't
xnlEi them. They do the whole play in
Trench — everybody on the stage talks
French, even the cheap guye In the chor
ua. It la wonderful how they get such
well educated people for minor parts.
You know I am not very long on the
language myself, but still I know a few
'words when I hear them, and that Is
more than can be paid for a majority of
the audler.ee. judging from the un-ap-
J/ro-po remarks that I heard. I'm not
./•very sure on my French spelling. I write
the words as I hear them.
Those who know, don't eay "Sarah
Bemhardt"— that la horribly English. You
must eay Say-rah. with the accent on the
"rah." and Ba!rn-nah. with the accent on
the "nah"— that Is If you want to be
O-fay. And Coquelln Is Just plain Ko-kco
lan". with the accent on the "Ian." and
Just a timorous lingering on the "n."
Tl:!s is a hard one to make gx>od on.
I saw them In "Leg-tans"— with the ac
cent on the "leg." and "long" struck off
through, jour note, I dwell on the pro
nunciation of these things so you can get
them off around L/x3i with just the proj«jr
a-ban-don.
"They call this play "L<eg-long" after
the name of the main character. It If a
play of very olden times— eoon after the
death of Kapoleon of battle of Waterloo
lame. You know In those days they al
ways tried to pick out names for people
with epertal regard to some personal
characteristic, and as everything , In
Fr<££h,r»n» backward like German so as
u> •STuni well, they call this heroine
Lodi might be posted on the general
tenor of Hostand's drama and its ren-
FEED attended a Bernhardt-
Coquelin performance of L'Aig
lon. He was a first nighter in
the "general admission" department.
Being -an American resident of San
Francisco and of non-French-speak
ing tongue, he did the best he could
for the money toward understanding
the play and giving applause at the
proper time.
In order that his brother Jim of
BROTHER FRED OF SAN FRANCISCO
WRITES BROTHER JIM OF LODI
A FEW L'AIGLON IMPRESSIONS
A TALK ABOUT THE LENTEN SEASON
it left him too cramped in means to
properly feed and clothe himself, and
that he had sometimes been forced to
sacrifice his summer vacation in his
efforts to retain friendship. Had I
belonged to that young man's circl-j
of friends I would have endeavored to
put an end to that state of; affairs by
urging him to .make a firm stand
against such a tax.
' It seems that nearly every. woman
whose good .will he jdesired /to. keep
had some.pet charity or, plan to which
she devotad her time in Lent, whil<3
her friends were expected to supply
the capital. I .strongly suspect that
these projects were like some I can
remember' in which self -represented
the charity. However, with pencil and
paper, the names of friends—mascu
line, generally — were gathered up,
and to each was sent a prettily word
ed note with two ssats for a lecture
or concert, two tickets for some enter
tainment, and a postscript stating
that the subscription would be re
garded as a personal favor. What
man could , withstand thatP What
were clothing and food and rest com
pared, with the good favor of tho
writsrP- This was the method adopted
by. a 'woman who embarked upon a
publishing enterprise and openly de
clared;th'at she expected every one of
her friends to take a year's subscrip
tion to her periodical. She had not the
slightest regard for the I person's
taste in the matter; she wanted the
money, that was all.
1 have always thought that It
would be a good thing for some of
these women to hear the remarks of
their victims. ¦ I think their self
esteem would suffer so severely that,
for a time at least, their charity
would take some other form. We are
none of us proof against censure
from the other sex, and would hardly
care to repeat an act which had met
with /disapprobation. We have i no
right to make an assault upon the
pocketbooks of our friends. We may
By Mrs. Martha Jaft t&sntworth.
tell them of our little plans and ac
cept their aid if it is freely offered,
and you may be sure it will be, if
circumstances permit. A deal better
would it be for every woman to use
her own pocket money for her char
ity, making it. go as far as it will,
and making up f or its smallness by a
bit of sewing or some other good deed.
In the mad rush which we call life
Lent.is the breathing spell which
fashion allows its devotees. «It is the
time to repair health and good looks,
and prepare for a fresh campaign at
the summer' resorts. The mother of
a family of small children usually
utilizes Lent for the making of sum
mer wardrobes for the family, super
intending the seamstresses and dress
makers who are engaged, sometimes,
a. whole year ahead. This is a sensi
ble plan which leaves ths warm days
enjoyed in a leisurely fashion. One
girl of my acquaintance forswears
all evening engagements, and devotes
the time after 9 o'clock to sleep and
beauty repair. At the close of Lent
she blossoms out like the flowers in
the gardens and on her pretty Easter
hats, and all without a particle of
medicine aside from nature's restorer
— sleep.
Whatever the motive which actu
ates the use of Lsnt as a time of rest,
every woman ought to make the most
of it. "But rest means change" is the
usual feminine excuse, as women
plunge into new but equally exhaust
ing diversions. Yes, that is one kind
of rest, but not the best kind for ac
tive people who have denied them
selves rest for twelve months. A
whole month of absolute rest means
years of usefulness later on, remem
ber that. We may not all live to a
green old ag-e, but we certainly
ought to provide for such a contin
gency in a half-way decent manner,
at least. A green old age is infinitely
preferable to a dry-as-dust, helpless
one, which is the lot of some men and
women.
(Copyright, 1301. by Walter B. Guild.)
WHATEVER, our creed, I
think tlie majority of us look
forward to the lenten season
with some sort of reverence; some
sort of feeling that for a brief little
time out of the busy year we "will be
good, either to ourselves or to some
body else.
It seems as if I can look batfck to a
very f ew years ago "when only Catho
lics and Episcopalians paid any at
tention to Lent. Indeed, many pro
fessed Christians had not the faintest
idea of its beginning 1 and end, beyond
the fact that it marked the bridge be
tween bleak winter and balmy spring,
jboo.6. meant the*' shedding of old gar
ments and the donning of new
plumage, and that masculine bug
bear, the . season of housecleaning.
I wish that we might be left to
work out our own salvation in the
manner which best suits us, but
knowing that some of us need spurs
in the shape of invitations to sub
scribe to one thing or another, I try
to be reconciled to the daily begging
letters of enthusiastic workers in the
cause of charity. Perhaps they* are
the penance we need, or part of it, at
all events. It is on this very subject
I am going to sound a note of warn
ing.
As a beginning, I will state em
phatically that I believe in lenten
charity. I believe in charity at ail
seasons. I do not believe that many
of us -will sigh too heavily over the
vanishing dollars when we reflect
that they are going to gladden the
hearts of the needy. We do complain,
too loudly and bitterly, perhaps, to
be in strict accordance with a Chris
tian spirit, against being cajoled into
subscribing to private enterprises.
No friend has a right to put us to
such a test. I once heard a young
man, who enjoyed a, large degree of
popularity, complain that the lenten
season was a greater strain upon his
pocketbook than the holidays, that
SPINAL CORD— The spinal
cord is the tail projection of the
brain, which runs through the sfrin
. al column. It is made up of the
mass of nerve fibers which run
from the brain to all parts of the
body, from the neck dozen. It is
along this path that the impulses
. travel from the brain to the limbs
Jo produce motion, and to the in
ternal and external organs to pro
mote their functions. It is also
through this path that the sensa
tions of the ski'71 and internal or
gans are transmitted to the brain.
Disease or injury of the spinal cord
is therefore liable to cause paralysis
of the organs and limbs situated be
low the level of the seat of injury
or disease.
When the brain ceases function
ing all functions of the body cease
and the individual dies. The part
of the brain which ceases function
ing last is the medulla oblongata,
which keeps up the action of the
heart long after the mind has died.
In fact, the mind dies as the mori
bund loses consciousness, but the
medulla oblongata continues to send
nerve impulses to the heart and
lungs yet sometimes for hours, and
thus keeps up the last sparks of life
during this time that zee call
"agony."*.
ZIFE is the sum total of the
general functions of the
body. It can be perfect
and enjoyable only xvhen
all the organs are properly and har
moniously working, for the func
tion of each organ is an intrinsic
part of life. As soon as one fails
life is incomplete, and the failure is
voiced or made apparent by symp
toms of impaired health.
These organic functions or vital
processes being the actual meclian
ism of life, it is indispensable that
the people should have an insight
into the principal ones, so as to real
ize their importance.
. THE BRAIN— The brain is the
organ which generates the tierve
force and nerve impulses with
which it activates and controls all
the organs of the body. The front
al region of the brain, known as
the intellect, where the mind re
sides, is the seat of all impressions
and the center of all sensations;
when its function is temporarily
abolished by a narcotic or anesthetic
sensations are no longer perceived,
ez'cn if the knife be freely used.
(Copyrighted.)
The importance of the heart's
function is shown by the fact that
as soon as the nerves of this organ
are touched by a great emotion
which causes it to cease beating for
an instant the individual faints,
and if the shock is so powerful as
to prolong its arrest life ceases.
THE LUNGS— The lungs have
The heart is our most active or
gan; it works day and night with
out rest, and the amount of zvork it
performs in twenty-four hours is.
verily tremendous, as shown by the
follozving: An adult of average
size possesses about five quarts of
blood. This quantity as a whole
passes through the heart, and is
propelled by this organ in the aver
age of forty-five times per hour.
This shows that the heart pumps
225 quarts of blood every hour, and
over five tons of it in twenty- four
hours.
blood which returns from all parts
of tlie body, and as it beats, propels
the same into the lungs, where it is
revitalized by the oxygen of the air.
Its left side, through a different
channel, aspircs^ and receives the
same blood from the lungs when it
has become charged with oxygen,
and as it beats propels it into the
arteries, and from there through all
the tissues of the body. The heart
beat is a sudden contraction of its
muscles produced by* nervous im
pulses received from the brain.
THE HEART— This organ
has tivo distinct, non-communica
tive compartments — the "right and
the left. Its right side aspires and
receives from the large veins the
The " perspiration of the skin,
which is a constant function, is so
important that in the event of .ex
tensive burns or scalds, with large
areas of skin destroyed, death re
sults from the loss of this function.
These various functions should
convince the reader of the necessity
of keeping the skin healthy by bath
ing and friction. When the skin
is bruised, diseased or injured it is
no longer invulnerable to disease
germs, and the part should be pro
tected with an antiseptic dressing to
avoid blood poisoning. For this
purpose, ivhen nothing else is at
hand, vaseline or lard may be used.
THE SKIN— The skin is an
organ the functions of which
are various and highly im
portant. (1) By its sweat glands
and pores it throws out, like
the kidneys, the excess of fluid and
impurities pt^sent in. the blood.
This function is essential to life,
and still more so when th'e kidneys
are oz'crtaxed or diseased. (2) It
is also through its meat glands
that the skin throzvs off the excess
of body heat, thus acting as a safe
ty valve, without which we could
not live in summer. (3) Unless
bruised, diseased or injured in any
way, the skin is germ proof, and
as such stands as a barrier to dis
ease germs, thereby protecting the
body from disease.
The nerves are like machinery
without the steam; they are capable
of great energy; they have a natu
ral power which is apt to be almost
indefinitely increased by training,
but the blood is the steam behind
that machinery.
THE NERVES— Nerves are
the off shoots of the brain and spinal
cord, and consist of motor and sens
ory fibers. Through their victor
fibers the brain sends out impulses
to the limbs and all organs, and
thereby actuates all the functions of
the body. Through the sensory
fibers all sensations received travel
up to the brain, the center of percep
tion. When a nerve ceases func
tioning through injury or disease,
or its central origin in the brain or
spinal cord is injured or diseased,
the organ or limb to which it is dis
tributed also becomes functionless,
i. e., paralysed.
occur in Bright' s disease. It is,
however, only through tlie blood
pressure maintained by the force of,
the heart that the kidneys can per*
form their function.
THE PANCREAS— This or
gan is situated behind the stomach
pouch. It secretes the pancreatic
juice, which is* indispensable for
the digestion.
THE SPLEEN— The function
of this organ is not positively
known.
THE RED MARROW— This
variety of marroiv exists only in
certain bones, especially the flat
bones, and it is known to manufac
ture the red blood corpuscles, that
is, the main constituent of the blood.
THE MUSCLES— The mus
cles are our organs of locotnotiotu
They are attached to the bones by
both their ends, and are under the
strict control of the nervous system*
Upon receiving impulses from the
latter they contract and draw to
ward their ozvn side of the bones
which they are attached, thereby
producing motion. They also serve
to brace the bones in any attitude
which the individual may assume*
The muscles develop only under,
the impulsion and at the same ratio
as the motor nerves by which they
are controlled.
REMARKS— All the functions
of the body are interdependent;
when one goes wrong others go
wrong, too. Good health is wholly
dependent upon the normal, undis
turbed functions of our organs, and
we should bear in mind the fact
that all of these functions are at the
mercy of our sensations; thai they
are disturbed, slowed or perverted
by every ill feeling, either moral or
physical, and stimulated by every
good feeling. Cheerfulness is tlie
most natural stimulant for our
functions and the best tonic for our.
health. Among the depressive sen
sations we find: The effect pro*
duccd by dramatic plays or novels,
ire, anxiety, worry, grief, jealousy,
THE KIDNEYS— The kidneys
are the most important channels of
elimination of the fluids, impurities
of the blood and waste products of
the body. When these organs are
diseased the fluids accumulate in
the body, and zee have the condition
known as "drops 4 }')' while the im
purities and zvaste products which
are not completely eliminated cre
ate the various disturbances which
fear, fright, gloomy imagination,
disappointments, keen hope, pro
found or all-absorbing love, and
physically, pains, aches and the fa*
tigue resulting from a too assiditr*
ous brain zvork or eye strain.
Anybody may be able to observe
repeatedly that the degree of appe*
tite is proportionate to the freedom
of the mind from disturbance and
fatigue, other things being equal
THE EFFECT OF FRENCH ACTING AND
SPEAKING ON A WELL-MEANER
WHO CANNOT "PARLEZ-VOUS."
THE GALL BLADDER—
This pouch is the bile resa-voir; it
works in harmony. with the stom
ach; xvhen the latter empties its con
tents into the upper bowel the gall
bladder also pours its bile therein,
as it is required for the digestion.
4 — The waste products resulting
from tissue activity, the combustion
and the general organic processes,
also are broken up by the liver, and
changed into a suitable form to be
eliminated by the kidneys.
off through the lungs in the expired
breath, ihrough the skin with the
perspiration, and through the kid
neys'with the urine. (4) It pro
duces about .one-half of the body
heat by its rapid circulation, pres
sure and friction in the arteries.
(The other half of the body heat is
produced by the burning up of the
oxygen by the tissues.)
THE LIVER— The functions
of the liver^ are the following:
1 — It secretes the bile, which aids
in the digestion of the^fats, oils and
butter, and which furthermore, by
its antiseptic properties, prevents
early fermentation and decomposi
tion of the food in the boivels, thus
allowing digestion and assimilation
to be completed uninterruptedly.
When the stools of the adult are ab
normally offensive and yellowish
instead of brozvn, if is an indication
that the liver is torpid, that is, in
sufficiently active.
2 — Certain products of diges
tion, such as the albumens and
sugars, pass through the substance
of the" liver before reaching the
blood - stream. Therein they are
further chemically transformed,
and the sugars are stored up and
given off to the tissues as fuel in
proportion as needed.
2 — The liver purifies the blood
by destroying the poisons absorbed
from the bowels or produced by dis
ease. When this important organ
is torpid or diseased these poisons
reach the brain and spinal cord and
give rise to fever, headache and
backache.
STJNDAT "'cMjJZ^-
THE BLOOD— The functions
of the blood are chiefly four, name
ly: (i) It carries and distributes to
all parts of the body the nourish
ment absorbed from the stomach
a)id intestines, with which all tis
sues are kept in constant repair or
rebuilt. (2) It carries and distri
butes \to all the tissues the oxygen
absorbed from the air by the lungs,
which keeps up the flame of life, i.
e., the combustion of the body, as it
does an ordinary fire. (3) It car<
ries away the impurities of the
body, the carbonic acid gas and
zvaste products resultant from the
internal combustion, which it gives
SCIENCE OF HEALTH
AND THE
FUNCTIONS OF
OUR ORGANSA recent European invention is a pro»~
cess for making artificial sponges. Tha' •
method Is based on the action of zincs
chloride on cellulose, by wh!ch spongy
compounds similar to starch are pro- .
duced. These products, when placed hr •
water, swell, and In an atmosphere tut
flclently dry, become hard acaln.
OF late years some Turkish house
holds have become considerably
modernized, even aping the ways of
Paris. But conservative Turks
frown on such new-fansled ways.
In a conservative Turkish household,
rich or poor, no tables are used and chairs
are unknown. Instead there is a huge
wooden frame in the middle of the room
about eighteen Inches high. When the
family— tho men only— assembles to dine
cushions are . brought, placed upon the
frame, and on these the members seat
themselves tailor fashion, forming a circle
around a large tray. '
The tray is a very large wooden, plated
or silver affair, according to the financial
condition of the family, and thereon is de
posited a capacious bowl. About.it aro
ranged saucers of sliced cheese, ancho
vies, caviare and sweetmeats. Inter
spersed with these are goblets of sherbet,
pieces of hot unleavened bread and box
wood spoons.
Knives, forks and plates do not ngure.in
TABLE HABITS IN TURKISH HOMES
BICYCLES ARE THE FAD IN SIAM.
«=j=Hi: King cf Siam rides an American
bicycle of the latest and most.ap
11 proved model. The wheel is a great
success there, though the first safety
bicycle was taken to Bangkok only five
years ago by an American dentist named
Carrinston. He rrade a great sensation
en his trips around the city. The natives
thought it a wonderful Invention, and
many who had the money to invest im
ports whet-Is a.r.d learned the art of rid
ing. There are now nearly three thousand
birycles in Kangkok alone, and all classes
ride. them. It is the fashionable fad, for
nyalty is among the devotees of the
wSeeL The members of the Government
freqnratly uo to and come from their du
ties at the public offices on their bicycles.
They even go to public functions. Includ
ing the King's receptions, on this distin
guished conveyance.
The popularity of the wheel In Siam is
rrmarkab!<? eonridering the average poor
ness of the roads, though they are very
good in Bangkok. In fact, many public
tacn advocate tht wheel as a means of
stimulating the demand for better high
ways In town and country. When the
Minister of the Interior became the presi
dent of a bicycle club that numbers over
400 members he said the wheel was an in
fluence in behalf of better roads, and he
was heartily In favor of it both for this
reason and because of the enjoyable exer
cise it afforded. Many of the Princes of
Eiam belong to this club, and in the cooler
seasons of the year the club has long runs
to the remote parts of the city. Slam at
all seasons is a hot country, and the bi
cycle runs are usually held In the cool of
the night and often extend, on one street
and another, a distance of thirty or forty
miles. At that time there is no traffic and
the enthusiastic wheelmen have the thor
oughfares to themselves. The runs usu
ally wind up with a- banquet well along
toward morning. The city is well adapted
to the use of bicycles, for the streets are
level and fairly well paved in all direc
tions. Any pleasant afternoon when the
King or Queen take their favorite drive to
the new palace at Dusit Park several
FISH WITH METAL TAGS ARE BEING PUT IN THE OCEAN.
J7 T seems rather Tin odd idea to fasten
i metal tags to marine fishes and then
jl let them loose in the ocean with the
( idea of identifying them as individuals
in case they happen to be caught at a
future time; but this is what the United
States Fish Commission is doing just now
with cod. 1500 of t which have been duly
tagged and relea'sed this year. No' two
tags are alike, the markings on them be
lns stamDcd in a eerlcs of letters and
numbers, record of . which is kept In >a
book in such a manner that if a tagged
codfish turns up, a moment's reference to
the memoranda will furnish the history
of that particular specimen, with date of
liberation, weight, and so forth. For ex
ample, a cod wearing a tag with the
raised Inscription "S 100" has a complete
identification card, so that she cannot be
mixed up with any other flsh entered in
the commission's lariffciF. ¦
members of the royal household, men,
women and children, may be seen accom
panying them on their wheels.
A few months ago the fashionable
wheeling club gave a grand bicycle tour
nament, which was attended by the King
and Queen and nearly all the Princes of
the country. It was a great success, and
Hamilton King, our Consul • General at
Bangkok, has sent home these remarks
made by one of the local newspapers:
"Taken simply as a parade of cyclists
In fancy dress with decorated machines—
a kind of fete that is common enough
both in Europe and America— it may be
doubted If any of those present had ever
seen anything better, or, indeed, anything
that equaled 1L There were between two
and three hundred bicyclists In the pro
cession, all in elaborate fancy dress, on
which a wealth of ingenuity had been
spent. First In the"* programme came the
races, with all the records of Slam to
make: and ; they were- as successful as
they could have been expected to be
where there - Is no racetrack. After the
races came the procersion round the Pre
mane ground, when the spectators had a
chance of trying to make out who was
who. Their Majesties, It should have been
said, were early on the ground and took
the greatest interest in the whole proceed
ings. "¦ , ¦
"The Judging over and the prizes pre
sented, a mimic 'battle of flowers' begun,
and' was entered into with good spirit.
Only "brood fish"— that Is, spawning fe
males—are tagged. They are bought from
fishermen stripped of their eggs > at
Woods Hoi!. Mass., and liberated in the
waters of /Vineyard Sound, after having
the tar3 attached to them. The tag is a
small piece of copper, securely fastened
by a wire passed through a frr^ near its
Junction with the body." -It does not mat
ter .which fin Is chosen, though a back or
toil fin l« hast Tha to or la v>rv llo-ht-
The" bicycle has gone to Siam to stay. It
is finding Its way Into the outlying cities
and 'villages, and, is bringing better means
of communication. In the wet season, of
course, there can be little enthusiasm, but
when the skies are bright the wheel Is al
ways in the public eye. The American
wheel is the favorite, and the fact that
nearly £5 per cent of the bicycles in , use
came from this country shows that the
people know where they may procure the
best mal.es. - . .
• •'•This fete was, of course, a thing
apart, but. considering the interest that
the Siamese are taking in cycling, there
can be no doubt that Bangkok should be
able to boast a cinder track — a placo
where race meetings and an occasional
fancy dress parade could be held."
trance always brings applause. He is as
familiar with selections from grand
operas as we are with "Goo-goo Eyes."
His favorite selection is the last tenor solo
In "Lucia dl Lammerraoor," and Van
Dyke could not put more passion into the
song. His eyes have a far-away look that
proclaim the restaurant and his
companions fqrgotten. The fog banks of
the bay are converted Into soft Italian
Certain restaurants are noted for cer
tain dishes. There is a restaurant down
on the water front known as the Fisher
man's Restaurant. It Is Al for Its flsh.
Here the fishermen bring the choicest of
their stock. After dinner they sit back in
their chairs and sing. One among them
has a beautiful tenor voice, and his en-
the pile and sticks an extra piece on the
bottom of his own plate.
There Is a Greek restaurant near the
Greek church, in the Greek colony, and a
Jewish restaurant further down town
called "The Kosher." Here unleavened
Luchetti's and Sanguinettl's, down near
the water front, are perhaps the best
known of all the Italian restaurants. On
Sunday nights they are crowded, but tho
crowd lacks the unconsciousness which Is
uppermost In the nature 'of a true bohe
mian.
Among others that deserve honorable
mention are "Tho Dirty Spoon Restau
rant." "The Flytrap." "The Silver Moon"
and "Mary's Liltle Lamb."
There Is a Swiss restaurant on Mont
gomery avenue whose front window
reads:
"Swiss Restaurant. French and Italian
Cooking 50 cents. Meals 23 cents."
The old Buon Gusto restaurant, at the
head of Kearny street, was the favorite
restaurant with the Italians of the Grau
company. For them cobwebbed wines
were dug up from the cellar. The best In
the larder was theirs, and Signor Salva
tore .Giovannonl, the proprietor, himself
waited on them.
eWe* a* Ms vote* mounts up, "On", Eell
alma lnnamorata."
6'reaTT anff Tur.'fs'n e©<*fry «r# fir <**«*,
There are numerous Mexican restau
rants In the Latin quarter. Luna's Is
known as the "hot Joint." Everything
here is muchly and redly peppered. Hero
for 50 cents they serve salad, soup, fish,
chile con came, chicken, beefsteak, des
sert and coffee and a bottle of claret.
There Is a little Mexican restaurant near
the County Jail where a good Mexican
dinner can be had for a quarter. The
proprietor waits on the table, while the
pretty senora cooks the Mexican dishes
before your eyes.
The true bohemian, when broke, takes
himself to the Helping Hand restaurant,
on Commercial street. Food Is here 1 cent
a dish. For 5 cents you can get a full
meal. The Helping Hand restaurant bill
Bowl of Soup l cent
Bowl of Mush 1 cent
Bowl of Rice 1 cent
Plate of Potatoes l cent
Plate of Beans ; l cent
Plate of Bread .< .'. 1 cent
Dish of Vegetable Stew.^ 1 cent
Dish of Vegetable*. ....'. 1 cent
Dish of Sauce : 1 cent
Dish of Macaroni.. l cent
Dish of Xut Butter 1 cent
Dish of Sugar.... '. 1 cent
For the host to fish out of the mess a
wing or a le=r of a fowl and present It to
a guest Is considered a great compliment,
and for a Turk of high degree to roll a
morsel between his fingers and rut It Into
the mouth of u visitor Is looked upon as
good manners.
San Francisco runs the whole gamut In
restaurants, from the uptown restaurants
where you tip the waiter for bringing a
glass of water to> the restaurants where
a hungry man can get a square meal for
a dime, only he must be hungry, for these
10-centers are not calculated to tempt the
high-bred palate.' but to satisfy the vul
gar pangs of real hunger.
ISABEL FRASER,
upon his knees, and . every one, ¦ armed
v.lth a spoon, helps himse'f. j »
The bowl 13 presently borne away, and
another dish takes Its place. This time it
is a conglomeration of substantial stewed
together, such as mutton, game or poul
try. The mess has been divided by the
cook Into portions, which are dipped up
with the aid of a spoon or with the fin
gers.
San Francisco 13 the greatest restaurant
city in the world. It has been described
as a city of restaurants and bachelors.
"A street called Kearny runs through the
city where beautiful women laugh and
chat and wear huge bunches of violets.
They meet their friends and eat at res
taurants, of which there are many. Tha
main Idea seems to be to keep the res
taurant proprietors In pin money."
It Is & great rendezvous for the oleS
timers— old Huntlogton and Fair often
ate here. Some of the tables used In '49
still furnish the old-fashioned, low-cell
ing place. It Is distinctly a business
man's restaurant, closed on Sundays. Men
from the Land Office, the Hall of Justice
and the United States Sub-Treasury eat
there and drink over the same bar where
In '49 tha miner weighed out his gold dust
and treated his friends.
An old restaurant on Commercial street
is a historic landmark. It was established
by the miners in '49, and Is the oldest
restaurant In the city. It Is called the
Mint restaurant, because the United
States Mint used to ba across the street
and the officials used to eat there.
Then there Is a little bakery where you
digest the Bible with your dinner. You
read "Try our mince pies" on the bCI of
fare and "Prepare to meet your Ood" on
the wall.
One deep thinker tells how he some
times bilks the restaurant out of a meal.
He goes In with tho air of ready money
and orders cracked crab or shrimps,
which come free with a 23-cent meal.
"When ha has about finished his cracked,
crab and any loose crackers or bread ho
can find, he rushes out after a friend he
has seen passing and rushes up against
another free crab. He says "A few free
crabs and some shrimps will fill a fellow
to more advantage than swallowing noth
ing but fog."
Another boasts of getting a 73-cent meal
for 10 cents and treating his friend. His
friend takes a cup of coffee and gets a
10-cent check. The stew bum takes both
checks while his friend mixes with the
crowd and goes out of the door. Tha '
stew bum loses his 75-cent check and
pays at the counter for tha 10-cent check.
At a Montgomery-street lunch house
you eat what you want and pay what you
think It Is worth and' no questions asked.
The proprietor has been there thirty years
and has a well-established line of cus
tomers whom he trusts.
How to get something for nothing, that
Is the question that 19 uppermost In his
mind. It Is trying to solvo this quesr'on
that causes those lines and lunows on his
face.
In good old times in any grogr shop ba
«:ould get a drink and a big bowl of stew
for 5 cents. Rut the law has closed down
on some of these places, and the erstwhlla
stew bum Is put upon his mettle for
board. ,
The absence of the eleepipg tramp frim
the doorways of the Latin Quarter an
nounce the passing of the stew bum. •
.If tha dope fiend can steal nothing else,
he lays something of his own down and
walks away. Then ho comes back and
stealthily picks It up.
At the Helping 1 Hand they have been
obliged to buy iron lamps and chain them
down and chain tho chimneys to tha
walls.
Hats and umbrellas are liable to ba
stolen anywhere, but doubly so where the
dope fiend holds forth. It Is second na
ture for him to steal. He will steal tha
bulbs off the electric lights and sit In tho
dark, or the chimneys off the lamps.
Everybody waits on himself at the
Helping Hand. You get from the cashier
the iequiste number of 1-cent tickets.
xh»n you go to the. kitchen counter and
call off your order, throwing down a
ticket for each dish named. With light
ning rapidity your meal la placed on tha
counter and you pick up your food and
walk. There is a private room for ladles.
A man can live her© and live well on
15 cents a day. Many live on 10 cents,
two meals, and some on 5 cents, two
dishes for breakfast, coffee and bread,
and three dishes for dinner.
The diet Is strictly vegetarian, mildly
seasoned; for these good people hold that
highly seasoned food and meats create a
tliirrt and craving for strong drink.
There Is but one prerequisite for an
entre at the Helping Hand Restaurant—
the man must be acber. An Intoxicated
man is told at the docx that the Helping
Hand will Le glad to &ce him again, when
he is sober.
Cup of Ceri>al Coffe* t cent
Cup of MUlc 1 cent
Fruit In Season 1 cent
Plate-of Granose t cent
The measure Is generous and the placo
Is always crowded. One hundred and
fifty are fed here three times a day— the
ex-conv!ct. the drunkard, who rs fighting
against himself, the pale dope fiend who
has given up hero and drifts from day to
day with a tighter grip on his hypoder
mic needle an«l cVath. and her© and there
an honest man. who, through unfortunata
and on his uppers, looks the world un
daunted In the f.ice as he searches for
work.
with Its little round tables, Ts wiiere Loula
takes In the shekels.
Coffee John's, on Clay street, used to
be a rendezvous for the happy eaters.
Here they could get for 10 cent*
Soup.
Roiled Spuds,
Beans,
Coffee and Rolls
And Apple Sauce.
And for 5 cents coffee and rolls. At Cof
fee John's you proclaim from the door
whether you are going to leave 5 or 10
cents in the restaurant.
"Bowl!" said In a loud tone, means soup
and prosperity and a regular dinner.
"Cup:" means coffee and rolls.
"Bowl" or. "cup" is re-echoed by the
waiter to the cook. For the rest you
wait on yourself. You take your knife,
Fpoon and fork from the counter and a
plate of butter from the pyramid of
plates. A big blue sign with white letters
over the "bread and rolls" counter reads:
"Three snakes with coffee; two with a
square meal." And Coffee John himself
stands there to see that you take no
more; but sometimes a deft-fingered wight
presses down on the next butter plate in
him familiarly by hta front name; that
they drink Da£o rod and wind huge gob3
of spaghetti round their forks; they laugh
at the constitutional kicker and throw
bread :st" :>¦¦•¦ gastronomic connoisseur.
My aristocratic friend, here you are out
of yotir . U meat. The restaurants of the
Barhary Coast l>olong to the Bohemian
folk. Go back to your soft carpeted, ele
p.Tii'v I'jrr.Ifhed. uptown restaurant of
3iiv:ry. The Spaghetti Joint is a sealed
book to :ou.
••But ot all the restaurants in San Fran
d*co from the Cliff House down to the.
• harf. the nr.rs that tickle my palate the
cf! are those of the I^atin Quarter."
Fo sines the bohemian.
And why are those haunts dear to his
heart?
Because In the first place they are not
dear to his pockctbook, and in the second
place, the art students of our commercial
city, the writers, the sculptors, the actor«
C° to these restaurants for refreshment
nnd Inspiration. Here they claim they can
study human nature In the rough, with
out the varnish of convention. Here it Is
accessible.
There Is a restaurant on old Clay street
where Mark Twain used to wander in and
<!rawl oC his order to the waiter: and an
other that was «. favorite haunt of Bret
Harte'p, and st'U another where Robert
Louis Stevenson used to practice economy.
A SO-cent dinner was his first Idea of
eocr.omy, hut he found that his funds
¦would not last at that rate till his book
was finished, so he ate two 10-cent meals
and splurged on a 25-cent dinner.
But times have improved in San Fran-
Clsco Finre the days of Robert Louis Stev
enson. His economic schedule is a back
number.
The modern hungry author can get a
full course French dinner for 15 cents—
an everyday dinner fcr 10, breakfast 5.
The favorite haunt of the bohem!ans
now 5s a certain
"Hotel de France, 15c."
On Sunday nights, when the sketchbook
hr.s been laid aside and the pen and the
clay of the sculptor, the seekers after
inspiration, recreation and economy his
themselves to the
"lintel de France. 15c."
They draw up their chairs to the long
table and pood fellowship prevails. Every
one tn'ks to everybody else.
They labile out soup from a great soup
t!:r<r:-.. French loaves of bread are scat
tered promiscuously around the table, and
their raea.1 of fish, salad, chicken, roast
Lef f. fruit and cheese is washed down by
b flaron of the red. "A boot of wine,"
they call it. served by a. husky barmaid,
ibe wife of the proprietor.
The Hotel de France from the outside
l^oks like an old ark that in early days
might have been washed up on the Rar
. bary Ccast to the shores of Kearny street.
Bat on entering: large corridors open up,
till you reach the main dining-room, off
which are private rooms, where the garb
sfe man can take his sweetheart for the
nominal price of 15 cents.
An enthusiastic regular boarder eays
that here you can get "the biggest glut
in the city for the money. That Is," he
goes on to add. "if you consider money.
Now. to me money is a despicable thing."
And it so^n develops that he Is a social
ist. He and his anarchist friend talk In
loud tones and settle there and then at
"the Hotel de France, 15c," every question
In the political issue.
They entertain the whole restaurant
with their ideas. These sons of toil, whose
•whole aim In life has been to get the "al
mighty dollar," lean over the table, now
approving and now. coming In with some
arg-unicnt against. Then the regular
boarder switches off and quotes Shakes
jeare by the yard, and the dumb faces be
fore him light up, fascinated, and at the
end come In with a burst of genuine ap
plause.
In the back of the "Hotel de France"
there Is a little French garden, with trail-
Ing nasturtiums and a vegetable patch of
cnions and garlic,
Louis, the proprietor. Bays that he used
to serve nuts and raisins, all for 15 cents.
but buying nut-crackers was a continual
expense, and at the end of every week
there was ona dozen nut-crackers miss
ing. "But," says Louis. "Frenchman he .
pot great head." Louis held a consulta
tion with the blacksmith, and the next
Saturday night they had nut-crackers at •
the "Hotel de France" that somewhat re. .
eembled house-moving Jacks. ,
But trouble wss on deck for the well- j
meaning Louis. His patrons got to scrap- j
ping one nipht snd used the blacksmith's <
rut-crackers as weapons. So nuts were '
abandoned at the "Hotel de France." j
"Resirjrz ze English walnut he go up In f
ze price," addci I^ouls. with a shrug. 'i
The barroom, off the main dining-room, J
(?~C rAGHETTI. TagHarinl. Ravioli. Sal-
amp.- Vino?" Fays the Italian wait-
or In a breath.
If you are a stranper In Bohemia,
this .iumble of words is confusing.
But to a habitue of the sawdust floored
•• .-t::ur:ints it h.ith a goodly sound, un
known to the aristocrat, whose excursions
into Ikilieraia art always fraught with
d!sjrust.
He win te!l you that In these Dago res
ti'.T'rar.ts they (ling bread across the room;
thai they talk out of their turn; that thev
are chummy with the waiter and call
THE SUNDAY CALL.
WHERE SAN FRANCISCO'S "BOHEMIA" DINES
9DO I consider that dress Is an im
portant factor in the making of a
play? My answer Is, yes and no.
Should the question be put in this
Tray: Would a weman dressed badly (that
1b, inappropriately) be likely to create a
part as conspicuously thus' garbed as gha
would If time, money and thought had
been laid out upon her toilets? I should
reply she would net.
To the artistic environment means so
much. I myself, for example, love bright
ness, color, light end all things beautiful.
I delight In flowers, find my keenest
pleasure in outdoor pursuits, and espe
cially In the freedom and absolute Inde
pendence of cross-country riding. I can
¦¦•¦ ; v--<i •.¦•'-•¦¦'*¦
Such a miserably illiterate person would
dress, I Imagine, as I dress myself for
the part. I go traveling In white. .A
flimsy perishable white tulle toque- Is
brought to me at my request, trimmed
with a pure white ostrich' feather. What
lamentably bad form for a railway
Journey! But -.hen I know it suits me; I
am only desirous of looking well.- I care
nothing for v what Is appropriate, because
I am centuries removed from the refine
ment of the subject of chiffons— the very
art of dress— which teaches the tenet of
suitability to be of more Importance than
any other In securing a beautiful effect.
In the morning for breakfast I put on
Then, again. I am very sure that dress
helps the audience to gauge an actress'
meaning; It olucldatrs her reading* of the
part she 1s impersonating. Even men
who, if they are to be believed, never re
ceive a detailed picture of the gowns they
Fee worn by women, absorb an impression
from them. It, for example, would as
tonish and shock the- most unobservant
"husband if his gentle, refined wife were
suddenly to deck herself out In a costume
remarkable for Its flamboyancy. Yes,
most decidedly, dress does reveal charac
ter, and is therefore a remarkably potent
Item In the proper formation of a the
atrical part.
I am acting now Zaza, nnd Zaza in
stances very prominently my realization
of the Importance of stage dresses.
not bear to live cabined, cribbed, con
fined. My favorite house is one with win
dows that look all ways, not a house in a
terrace; and I want a garden, too. I want
to be able to command every point of
view. To a woman of my temperament,
therefore, it would be a positive hurt if I
were inappropriately dressed for any
stage part I had to play.
another gown that is equally out of place,
because I want to look my very best. The
skirt of this costume is brilliantly red.
with fir«.'at handsome sequined patterns
embroidered ovir it, and the bodice white,
also richly spangled. Observe the con
trast. Observe the effect of the union of
scarlet and purity. It is garish, It is vul
gar, it is common; It is the worst possible
taste for morning wear and .a tete-a-tete
breakfast.
But. then, poor Zaza is garish and vul
gar, sordid and mistaken, and even then
at hor most purposeful moment, when she
longs with all her sad,^ yearning heart to
have everything correct as 'she conceives
It. she is as wrong as wrong can be.
That fourth act is my biggest one, and
I chose the red and white frock with a
second Intention, as well as the one I
have Just named. I chose it because in
the Intensity that follows the pathos of It
becomes impressive, el know that Zaza's
hour of acony is made all the balder and
more unrelieved by the smiling presence
of that senseless mass of frivolity which
she. put on that morning with 60 much
hope that all would go well, as she, mis
guided creature, deemed well to be.
. It: is the dress in which I feel hap
piest of all things I wear In the play— the
one that seems to suit the moment
best.
In the final act I have on white, 'with
delicate embroideries and mousseline de
sole — a gown as refined and beautiful as
the others were bizarre, simply that I
may point the contrast between what
Zaza was and what she" became when
educated in sorrow's stern school." ; She at
last perceived the other side of existence—
the ennobling influence of pure thought,
hard work and high aspirations. .
MRS. LESLIE CARTER.
MRS. LESLIE CARTER TELLS HOW DRESS
REVEALS THE CHARACTER OF ZAZA
Then e'.l waa Jollity.
re&ettas and mirth, light, wantonness and
laughter.
Till llf« fle<J from us like an Idle dream;
A show of mummeiy without a meaning.
To begin with the weather— the night
was close and drizzling:, and al
though my gown was anything but
warm, I had to throw back my wrap
. for the enforced exercise resultant
from being pounded over cobblestones
In a rubberless wheeled vacuum was too
much, and I stepped out feeling certain
that my backbone was clicking through
the top of my head.
I handed In my card, grabbed my char
acter and with chattering teeth made for
the" dressing-room.
There I applied the simplest rules of
Christian Science to myself.
X couldn't get within yards of the mlr-
ror. so I said to me, "You don't want to
look in the mirror; in fact there ls^no mir
ror there, those women just imagine there
Is a mirror there, and anyway you look
charming," and with childlike , faith in
this last "phase of my meditation, walked
out on the balcony, and leaning over,
looked down.
There it was! The Black Frost! The
blight of the San Francisco Mardi Gras!
It was all over in hideou? conventional
dress suit, looking foolish and apologetic,
for as some of it said to me later, "You
can't expect a man to be funny in his
own face."
I had been warned of it, but having seen
Mardi Gras in other cities I stoutly re
fused to believe it.
But thore it was.
I shivered and looked about me.
What better setting could one wish? A
house which seemed built for a carnival,
and decorations which rivaled anything
I had seen before. . ;""•.' ;^
Then an. idea came to me — Its very bril
liancy cast a warm glow over my fast
freezing senses.
I remembered reading when quite young
a story (In words of one syllable) about a
poor little chap who was almost frozen to
death. -This highly instructive tale went
on to say that when he was entirely sur
rounded by snow he became quite warm.
Now. I thought, perhaps if is the same
with .the Black Frost, so I. trotted down
stairs and selecting the most meltlng
lcoking riiecimen I said, "Why are the
men not in costume or masked?"
His looks «ald, "You must be from Mis
souri," and I murmured, "No, a stranger
from New York."
"Oh, by Jove — you don't say — well, you
Siy%. q. H- B^n^-Q^n cF . Cawiivaf.
"Jove, the directors ruled It out, you
know— riot Folly but masking, you know."
The dance was no better and I was
slowly congealing. I wandered "in and
out and round about" like a Dutch dolJ,
ever hoping that I might tlnd the thin?
which I felt sure must be in hiding and
would make its appearance later.
"For what are you looking?" said the
Black Frost.
"For the Spirit of the Carnival." I said.
"Well, you have, struck the wrong '-.ace;
you want to go down in % the Latin quar
ter for that. This is an up-to-date so
ciety burlesque."
So I was . not to find the" Spirit of tha
Carnival here.
• • • t
"Hello! Charlie Srratt."
He looked at her with *a scrutinizing
stare.
"Now. who in Alameda are you?" Sh»
laughed.
"Sally Jones, by all that's good!"
"How in- the world did you know me?"
she blurted out.
"By your' teeth. I'd know them In
China."
"I didn't know I was labeled like a box
of caramels," she said.
It was almost 1 o'clock and the f\sns\
for unmasking was given. Flower girls,
Japanese and Chinese ladles, Carmens.
I/a Toscas, Topsles and country school
girls floc'ked upstairs to remove their
masks.
Then ho! for the supper and the wine!
The solids came free. The liquids only
by special order, to the groaning accom
paniment ,of metal drop from Chappie's
pocket to the tune of fifty cents per quart
per mineral, or %i per quart per real old
Champy.
Dear Champy! what a difference It
makes In some people.
I will say it for the Chappies; they were
game.
see it !s against the rule for men to mask,
so what is the use of rigging?"
This was chilling.
"I thought there was no rule but Folly's
here to-nisrht."
Lieutenants are far too clever to betray
themselves to the enemy by noisy con-
'Tis false! I was at the corner, and on
m'life 'twas but the popping of a cham
pagne cork, by a careless waiter In the
next alcove.
Dame Grundy swore she heard a kiss!
it was all such harmless fun— although
they say some lieutenant was overheard
by Cupid murmuring sweet nothings in
the pearly ear of one who wore a gold
band^on her third finger.
And another dear boy borrowed a
policeman's helmet that he might strut
and feel how bad he was.
One dear, big boy — such a pet and so
nice— insisted upon wearing a bonnet oh
his head and accumulating a package — not
id be carried in his hand.
He is so funny, they tell me, when he
has had a bit too— many, let us Bay.
The flowing bowl! Ah, me!
The discreet beaux whose thirsts are
ever present tripped the light fantastic al
ternately with quiet withdrawaJs to snug"
retreats where the "stags could drink
their fill."
'Tls much more homelike for ye
bohemlan — the gay party after supper and
In the small hours.
On with the dance till daylight, waa the
cry!
• • •
But even they sought the Spirit of the
Carnival in vain. They were all so well
known— poor dears! Even they dared not
linger long o'er the festive board, lest
Mrs. Grundy float about. Good as I am
and discreet as they were, I heard such
tales— but there, gracious me! 'tis another
story.
These were wights after my own heart 1
And oh! how some tatjlei did burst
Into scng after the dear old win© from
France had had Its way.
It only takes time, and wine to make
songbirds of U3 all. I found even sober
me throwing a few high notes forth for
general edification.
I could have hugged every one at those
particular groaning boards.
It was the nearest approach to thawing
the Black Frost that I noticed.
Ah! Wine, women and sons!— and a few
congenial spirits.
More $4 per flowed than fifty cent*.
We entered the room, and my little
Spirit of the Carnival, without even a
"thank you," bounded away from me and
Into the motley throng. ANNE PAGE.
I picked him up In my arms, hardly
knowing that re was there, wrapped ray
cape around him and together we drova
out Into the night— drove down the hill,
leaving the beautiful houses behind us,
and turned Into the Latin, quarter.
We stopped at a hall.
Here there were no costly decorations;
no line of carriages blocked cur way.
At last I had found him, cold and puny.
gazing at the lights which shone through
the windows.
I slipped on my wrap, dropped my mask
and called for the rubberless wheeled
vacuum yclept a carriage. I was Just
about to get In when I saw a tiny littla
boy. He was shivering, and looked so ap
pealingiy at me that I went up to him and
taid, "Who are you?"
"I am the Spirit of the Carnival," h»
answered.
When admission is by card la th« hands
of a reputable board of directors that
would seem enough to Insure perfect re
epectability and the absence of any ob
jectionable element.
Does she fear that her society, when
covered by a rr.aak, will descend to tha
vulgarism and license of the French
balls?
What 13 a French dancer without her
dance? "What 13 a Carmen -without her
wiles? What Is a Topsy without her
tricks? And what is a Mardi Gras without
the mask? Better none at all, for by her
restrictions sho Insinuates a lack of trust.
But this was not the place to play th«
fool, and even the down's attempt at Jol
lity na3 aborted by the ever present
lorgnette.
San Francisco society evidently could or
would not don the cap and bells.
But black eyes are so attractive. If folks
can't flirt a bit at a Mardi Graa, when
can they flirt? Pray, tell!
All so harmless— all so childlike and— so
bland! , *
I felt like crying:
Let m« play the fool:
With mtrth and laughter 1st old wrfnklea
com*
And let my liver rather heat with win*
Than my heart cool with mortifying jroana.
duct. There Is something In a warlike
training, after all!
And one dear married man with money
—and hl3 wife at home.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
Photos by Thors.
THE KING, THE QUEEN,
THE MERRY MARDI GRAS!When the Dot light showed white we
picked up six extra cars and got all
ready to take the 6 o'clock people out.
I nearly ran over a pot light ha!' a
dozen times. They are stationed all
about the yards, and when they shine red
it means sixty days to pass one.
I don't believe the engine had as much
oil on her as I did, but as we were to
run together it didn't make much differ
ence. At any rate Dot couldn't call the
kettle black.
ay tne time I had attended to all her
wants I was as black as the ace of spades
and If I hadn't possessed the seven lives
of a cat would certainly have burned my
¦elf with the torch.
breeze they nearly broke their necks get
ting the rest of the famllyto see* the wo
man in the cab. . i
Wonder upon wonder I
When the fireman wasn't shoveling coal
he had his eye onme.,1 rather think he
doubted my- mechanical ability.'
"It's- 'bout time to give the Seventh
street screech, Jan't lt.tboss?" and he
grinned In a knowing way.,
/ ¦ s J. , " • --. ¦ ¦ . ¦ < ..
But I knew what;that- whistle was and
I knew that I, had to pull something' from
the celling, somewhere, so I made, a bold
bluff, but when I heard' the terrific blast
I nearly tumbled out of the window. The
three toots gradually melted Into one lon£.
one.
My next trouble was the. switching at
Frultvale. It seemed, to me as If t ran
half way to East Oakland before I could
«=ij=HE Southern Pac'flc had a new en
gineer a few days aj;o, and rather a
11 ttrar.ge one at that. When the scur
rying mass of people rushed from
the boat I ran as fast as I could, and be
tween the clangs ef the bell fairly shouted
to the engineer that I had an order from
headquarters to run the Seventh-street
local train.
Th« engineer was a little doubtful about
my statement being true, and scrambled
down to eee with his very own eyes that
he was to be sidetracked for the time be-
at the first station of the Seventh street
run.
Two ladles who had Just left the salt
water baths came rushing forward as fast
as they could. Their long skirts and an
armful of small packages, which they
were vainly trying to stuff into a tiny
grip Just large enough for a handkerchief,
a powder box and a curling iron, didn't
Ecem to help them along very rapidly.
On they came In a great flurry, and
when every gate but the one which they
were headed for was closed the grip burst
more. If he had owned the whole Southern
PacJfla
, The Broadway people got off on the run,
and didn't stop running -until they had
caught their various cars.
"Holy gee, Mike; gefonter the new en
gineer," piped k small ragamuffin.
"Say, be yerrunnin* the train cheaper 'n
the other guy? Aw, go on. Miss, and tell
a fcilcr what yer perched up thar,fer.
Aw, say, honest now\ is you runnin* the
engine? No lie."
By this time all the people about were
curious, and I was glad when It was time
to go on. Still. I heard. "Say / Miss, com
in' back thin way? We'll wait fer •"
A general racket about that , time
drowned his shrill voice.
From Broadway to Frultvale It was all
•work and no : play. As we neared tho
up like the Maine If I didn't stop laugh
ing and pay strict attention to business.
"Now, you keep your weather eye on
the lookout for 'After the War,' " said my
shoveling friend.
"Who is 'After the War* and how in
the world did he ever succeed In getting
that name? Teh me where to 'look for
him,'-' and again the story was uppermost
in my mind.
"We'll slow up here a little, 'cause
Death's curve is a mean place. All right,
go on a little way. "Now turn oft the air;
that's right.
"That old flagman has been here • for
years, and he Is a standing Joke with the
trainmen. Has the most convenient pain
you ever heard qf.
"During the strike some fellows told him
to make a sneak or else he'd find himself
There have been many ca3es on record
of animals dying of "broken hoarts."
usually dogs and horses, and sometimes
birds. "Not long ago a young lady livins
in London who owned a Gordon setter
that was very fond of her. was married,
and moved to the country, says Golden
Penny. The dog was left behind, and at
once became inconsolable. He would eat
nothing an d stood looking out of the win
dow for hours at 4 time, whining and
moanlnr pitifully. The dog was wasiinz
away from exhaustion,
The coming woman want3 to do a!l that
man does, bat if she will take my ad
vise she won't try to be an engineer.
There arc plenty of other places where
she can shine and be more comfortable.
The hostler, didn't come for the engine
until 1:40 a. m.. and I was so cold that
I pould hardly crawl down the ladder to
resign my place to him.
The work got dreadfully monotonoua
and I got terribly hungry. But that
didn't make any difference. I had to see
the signals Just the same and remember
that there were people In tho train de
pending on me.
My friend didn't care hoTr many people
broke engagements. Let them be on
time. -V: j
"Ah. those people don't count: they
are always running." Some people aro
late every morning In the year. Irs all
a habit, and a mishty poor on«» at that.
Before the gates were on there was "an
average of on© accident a dayT now th?n»
is one in six months. The gates were put
on for lazy folks and. kld3."
No matter how late it waa there were
always some people who were later than
we and who had to run like Sam Hill.
Is getting raishty cold and supper ttm»
comes late these night3."
Was I ready? I could hardly wait un
til he poured it into the cup.
yVt 9 o'clock we doubled up. That la.
only our engine was on the road, and wg
covered sixty-one miles of the day's run
or 115 miles after nine.
The engine gets thirsty about 5:30. Sh«>
wants coal and Dlantv of oil and the
burned cinders let out of the sieve. In
fact, she wants a rest before doubling up
time. *
When he looked for the number he saw'
the new hand and that stopped his sput
tering. Instead of being praised for be
ing on time^ I was lectured.
Mr. Man heard. us coming and had to
run and thU hurt his dignity very, very
badly. As he passed the engine he
gasped. ';Tou are running ahead of time.
I know it, as I have taken this train for
years. T won't have it. The idea of .mak
ing me run when I left home in plenty of
time. .' Let's see. ' 1503." ¦ * Vr
I made up time between stations and
went so fast that I nearly bounced out of
my seat. It isn't nearly as smooth riding
in the cab as it Is in the cars. V<?
THE fiUNI) AT C AJLIu
Sure enough, there he was, \ bowing,
scraping and waving us by with all the
poup Imaginable. Even as I looked he
called cut to some teamster: "Look out,
there! "Where 1 * your .eyes? Don't you
hear the train a-comin'? I ain't here to
tt-nd to.pueh as youse. but to pass this
'ere truJn." He coukln't' have puffed up
In the bay/. He nearly, filed ,witn a pain'
then.' Had.lt all during the strike, but
when things were straightened out and
the first local went through he was at his
post. Said he felt better, but wasn't quite
well. The men nicknamed him at that
time." -r'-: 'Jrkif. ?'~
| There didn't seem : to be anything, but
when the entire length of the engine was
upon the : bridge ; a, long arm flew out and
beckoned us on, and at the same time
flew a danger signal , to everybody else.
"When, the last car was oft the arm fell
down In a listless fashion, as 1f perfectly
satisfied With its work. The farther away
from the mole we gpt the more Interested
the people became. They would rush to
the door or window, strike a pose and act
as If they had ntiver.: seen ft train; but if
they sr>Ied ir.y red necktie flying i n the
long Bridge I Knew' tnat mere would be
pomething or somebody to pass us.
Ing. AftT reading the order he said:
¦"Clircb up there in a hurry and poke your
heed out the wlr.dow and watch for the
conductor's signal."
So I cliznbel right straight up in the air,
regular Jeck-ir.-the-Bean^talk 'fashion,
ar.d ]«n<1'M! in the coal bin. I was a little
bit arisf-Tatic at first, but it took just
en* run to take a!I that feeling completely
cut of me.
. When the conductor cave me the signal
to pull out I was told to open the throttle
ur.til I f^It It in me that It was enough,
and tlsen to pull dovrn the reversing lever.
Grp^k. every b't cf it. B'Jt the fireman
Fhowed m* wh'ch was which, and the
train wrrt out Trtth the same old motion,
the ramc c'anflrg bell and the same hiss-
Ing r.oi«e. The first tower-hcuse was
parsed racceiifuliy. ar.d th*n there was
nothing tn <5o but watrb a blkeman. who
was using l!>« train a« a pacer. Fortu
r-atclv there v/as a fence between us. and
I didn't have to wonder whether he would
b« added to the »et of* twenty-four that
r-n*1ne 1503 has cent to the happy hunting
grounds. •
"Now. don't dream about your grand
mother and forget about the seral-a-phore.
Vaufi* you might run into a freight train
cr flr.d a switch out of place." reminded
in* fir«-m«n, as he shoveled coal Into the
blaring firebox.
Ac I turned my head around and got a
good oily whiff it brought me back In a
hurry.- •¦*. ,,V^
The lonr automatic arm waved us by
ar.d within a few trends and with a turn
cf In* air pump which furnishes the air to
Blop LJ.t train, ws c&xn» to a standstill •
open and forty-eleven articles flew in as
many directions. When the gate slammed
and the train pulled out it left two angry
wemen, who snuttered ( In between stoops.
"Nasty things, not to wait a minute when
we were right here," and "I don't 6<>e
what ailed this beastly thing to act so
when we were In such a great hurry:, it
never did It before, and it has had ever
so much more of it."
The po9r. long suffering valise had gone
on a strike. .
I was to Interested in the. little by-play
that I forgot la keep wy eye on the water
dial ar.d wait warned that I might blow
the driver failed to appear at the stable,
and another man was put on the waaron.
The horse, however, refused to he drjven
b;- any one except his old friend, and
after many trials he wua put buck in the
stablo and another horse took his place.
The horse continually watched the stable
door for his master to enter. He refused
to eat the hay and oats placed before him.
Day by day he grew thinner and weaker.
At last he fell down anil could not ris?.
and died before his friend and driver re
turned to duty. The veterinary surgeon
who attended him said he died of a
"broken heart."
Those who knew him said he waa dyln;?
of a broken heart When It was seen
that he would die if he could not see his
mistress he was taken to her. His Joy at
feeing her was extravagant, and he at
once cot better. His mistress soon after
came to town for a two weeks* visit, and
left the dog with the servants in the coun
try. When she returned she found him
dead, lying on one of her garments. The
poor brute, thinking himself again cle
sertcd, lay down to die, and could not be
driven or coaxed from his place, neither
would he eat nor drink.
A horse belonging to a brewery had
been driven for years by a men to whom
he had become much attached. One day
ffnp nnd get started the other way. I was
afraid that /the brakeman would be
smashed into a pulp when ho coupled the
train and I have an idea that he felt a
trifle shaky, for he kept an eye on me
and reached Just as-far as he could with
out actually setting in a squeezable posi
tion.
A portly old gentleman caused a- little
diversion at Clinton on the way down.
That train is a' heavy one, as all the
workmen are going homo. Consequently
it is almost impossible not to be a little
late. ..' ¦
seat to fuss about any little thfcig.
Only once did I think about the poeple,
and that was when I heard. "Oh, deario.
I'm so glad you are home again; ,. It has
been so lonesome without you," and I saw
a happy pair start off rejoicing.
Everybody' has time to eat excepting
the trainmen. It was horribly tanta
lizing to see people sitting at the table as
we whirled by in the cold night air.;Even
the men sitting on stools in a cheap res
taurant were much envied.
About'S o'clock the fireman said, "Arc
you, ready for a cup of coffee, Miss? It
Monarch Who Helped Unmake Two Empires.
TJHE report that Leopold II, King
of the Belgians, Is to abdicate the
throne because the duties of a
"monarch Interfere with his per
sonal pleasures is again current.
Although this mad monarch has never
wittingly done anything- great, he Whelped
to«unmake two empires, one in the Old
World and one In , the New. and decided
the ¦succession to the Austrian throne.
Fate ) sometimes : uses - fools to accom
plish great things. ¦ "•
Leopold's connection with the fate of
French Intervention In Mexico is a matter
of fact, though not, of history. And it is
now generally, conceded that the downfall
of the Napoleonic v dynasty 'at Sedan In
1870 was dueto Louis Napoleon's intervene
tlon In Mexico. ,
¦Leopold : is yi© 'oldest brother; of Car
lotta, ex-Empress of Mexico, ; and while
she and her j husband, 1 Maximilian , were
away trying to found' an empire In the
New World, he squandered in West
African speculation the fortune which his
father, Leopold < I, had left to her.
¦When In 1866 it became clear that force
alone could maintain the Imperial Govern
ment in Mexico. Carlotta set out for Eu
rope to get help.' ' She relied upon her In
heritance, for with 'money she could have
secured &V army- large enough to protect
her imperial husband!/
At the lime there were thousands of re
cently discharged I rebel soldiers -1n the
United States who would^ have been will
ing to enlist in the Mexican enterprise for
hlr^
But when the unhappy lady went to
Brussels to get possession of her fortune
she- was dismayed to learn that her
royal brother, who was then King, had
spent it all in the Congo Free State in
West Africa. He brutally refused to
make the loss* good or to aid her In any
way.
It was during this stermy Interview
with King Leopold that Carlotta first lost
her reason. But she was not entirely In
competent till after she had tried In vain
to get help from other sources.
From Brussels she went to Paris, where,
after, many heartbreaking delays, she
gained/an Interview with, Napoleon III.
She entreated him to at least Keep the
promise which be had made to Maximilian
to keep eight thousand French soldiers In
Mexico for six years. But the French
Emperor could neither send more troops
to Mexico, nor even refrain from with
drawing the" French soldiers which were
already there. \ N
The civil war being over In the United
States this country had time to enforce
?.he Monroe doctrine, and Lieutenant Gen
eral John M. Schofleld, U. 8. A., x was
sent to the French court "To get his legs
under Napoleon's mahogany and tell him
he must get out of Mexico." .,
.This was a mission of delicacy and ore
which required tact. Although the peopi«
of France were not in favor of the inter
vention in Mexican affairs, their national
pride would not permit the Emperer to
yield to menace even from the United
States, or ailow ." French troops to be
driven from Mexico without an effort i>
ir.air.Uan them ther«s. "A public threat by
the American people would have precipi
tated a war betweea this country and
Franc*. But 'General Schofield was, able
to fuinil his mission without the loss of
the friendship of our former allies— tna
people cf France. .
Napolecn withdrew his troops and tha
death of. Maximilian ended the Imperial
Government In Mexico.
But this defeat In Mexico showed that
Nr.poleon III did not possess t!v? foresight
with which he was credited: that he was
not the great man he, had been supposed
to be: that he could err In Judgment. Jf
he had not been engaged in Mexico and in
imminent danger fit becoming involved *n
difficulties with the United States. Prince
Bismarck would probably not have struck
the decisive blow In 1S70.
After Napoleon turned a deaf ear tn
Carlotta's appeal she went to the Pope.
His power la spiritual, not temporal, and
he was unable to help her. The dark
frenzy of the maniac then cam* upon her
never to be dissipated. Her younge
brother, the Duke of Klanders. took her
back to her old home at Mlramar. near
Trieste, on the Adriatic. In thia beautiful
castle Maximilian and Carlotta had tho
blissful years of their married life until
the arrival of the -deputation from the
Mexican Assembly of Notables, who came
to offer Maximilian the throne and title
of Eirpercr of Mexico,
In. this 'quiet retreat Carlotta began to
recover, and Leopold, knowing that dis
grace would ; Inevitably follow if she
recovered, sent his wife to Miramar
to fetch Carlotta to Belgium, where I»e
might see her occasionally and aggravate
tha malady. The s sight of her brother
threw her into the msst violent condition.
The Queen took Carlotta to the palaca
of Servr.erpn in Belgium, where sh« has
been nil these rears. .'--
From that time on there was no loiter
ing. People were too hungry to be so
ciable and too much in a hurry to get a
RUNNING THE OAKLAND LOCAL
11THE SUNDAY CALL.
12quired of them. If it becomes necessary
to man the lifeboats one Chinese, who
acts as overseer for the others, must re
ceive Instructions and then transmit them
to the others. This means delay and con
fusion, and would be altogether avoided
if white crews were employed.
WACTHUTG TOR PIRATES.
If white men Instead of Chinese were
employed they could be relied upon also
to remain at their posts in emergencies
where life Is at stake. It Is significant
that of the thirty white officers of the
Rio de Janeiro nineteen met death at their
posts, while a majority of the Chinese es
caped from the ship. This simply means
that the Chinese looked after themselves
alone, and the white men remained to
render what aid they could.
Thousands made their way to the ocean
beach, to the heights above the , Cliff
House and to the northern wharves yes
terday to wait and watch for some sign
of the wreck. But nothing could be seen.
Now and again the heavy fog would* rise
and reveal scores of tiny craft plowing
about the ecene of the disaster, picking
up bits of shattered lumber and any arti
cle which might float to the surface. The
Police Department cent out two detec
tives to patrol the scene and to demand
of every boatman his business and an ac
count of his property. The Federal
authorities also had men upon the beach
to watch for thieves, but none were found.
One-half of the lifeboat in which Mrs.
Wlldman and others met their death was
washed up on the Marin County shore.
During the afternoon a sad memento of
the disaster was carried by the waves
tg the beach at* Harbor View. It was
a photograph of Consul General Wildman
and one of his children, the baby clasping
its father's neck. Some of Captain Ward's
papers were also found, and among them
was his license as a master. But the
waves did not give back the dead, who re
main Etill coffined in the sunken ship.
OCEAN KEEPS
ITS VICTIMS
No More Bodies Are Recovered, but
Several Who Were Reported
Lost Were Not on
the Rio.
No more bodies of the Rio's victims cast
up by the waves were reported at the
Morgue yesterday, although throughout
the day there were many callers, relatives
and friends of the Ill-fated passengers,
making Inquiries for the bodies of their
loved ones. There were also many in
quiries for persons who were not on the
steamer, but who were thought by their
friends as likely to have been aboard.
These applicants were very much relieved
when Informed that the complete list of
passengers published In The Call yester
day morning did not contain tho names
of the missing persons.
Among those previously reported miss
ing, but who bad not sailed on the steam
er, were the following:
MlM Kate Hlckey of China, tlster of Mrs.
George Eterman of Sacramento.
Wcalejr Main of Honolulu, reported by hi»
mother. Mrs. Main, 5UA Greenwich etreet.
George Tucker, reported by William Allen, 310
Franklin street.
Peter Faure. reported by Eralle Faure, 70«
Montgomery street."
Walter Ducolng, reported by his mother, 1707
MlMion street.
Clyde Billings, reported bjr Mrs. Victor, his
mother. 34$ Minna street.
Third Officer C. J. Holland, reported
dead, turned up alive at the Morgue yes
terday afternoon. He said that "he es
caped In a boat with seven Chinese of the
crew and that Captain- Ward was carry-
Ing Mrs. Wlldman to one of the boats
when the steamer went down..
A Coroner's Jury viewed the remains at
the Morgue at 4 p. m. The inquest will be
held Wednesday morning at- 10 o'clock.
After being viewed, by the Jury the' bodies
of the white persons were taken In charge
by relatives arid removed to undertaking
establishments. . ' . '.
POLICE PATROL
BAY WATERS
Detectives Btnt Out in a Tug With
Orders to Arrest Ail Persons
Suspect >d of Bobbing ," '
Baggage.
Complaints having been received by the
police that men in boats were seizing and
rifling baggage belonging to passengers or:
the ill-fated steamer Rio dc Janeiro. Act-'
ing Chief Seymour, yesterday, hired th*
tug Amy and detailed Detectives Ed Gib
son and. Robs, to i patrol the bay In her.
They were, instructed, to seize any bag
gage found floating In the bay and to ar
rest all boatmen discovered with baggage
in their possession that had been tampered
with. ,-.": .
"We have for years," said Captain Sey
mour yesterday, "been urging upon the
Board of Supervisors the urgent necessity
of providing the department with a police
patrol boat the same as in New York and
other coast cities in tho East have, but
without effect. In a seaoort like th?*
where we are-constantly being notified of
criminals arriving or departing on vessels
to and fro from the Orient and Australia
the necessity of a police patrol boat is
only too apparent.
"Take the case of the Rio de Janeiro as
an illustration of the benefit to be derived
from such a boat., The news of the wreck
was telephoned to* the Central Dollce sta
tion at half-past' 7 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. If we had ' been in ' possession of:a
police patrol -boat Wo .could, ha ve sent: a
number of.mento the scene of the wreck
In her and many valuable lives might
have been saved. The newspapers shotit-i
take this matter up ana insist upon a pa
trol boat being p'rovlded for the use of the
Police Department." '• ,..
MOURNS FOR
SAILOR LOVER
Miss Ltna . Jackson, Captain Ward's
Betrotlffed, Weeps Over Fate of
the (Wrecked Rio's".
... Master.
The kind attentions . r and soothing
caresses of loving friends , and sympa
thetic relatives have proven unavailing to
soften the grief of Miss -Lena Jackson,
who was betrothed to Gaptain ' Ward of
the Rio de Janeiro. Prostrated by grief
and almost on the verge of hysteria, she
lies in a darkened room at he'r home at
2113 Howard street,* constantly, bewailing
the sad fate of, her lover, .by [whom sho
hoped to be soon led -to the altar. No
one had awaited the home-coming, of the
Rio with more impatience than she. Kach
day during the latter part of the, voyage
when it was thought that the ship was
nearing this port she scanned-, the papers!
hoping to catch some intelligence of the
vesrel that carried her loved one.
Captain ¦ Ward " and Miss Jackson had
been engaged for almost nine years. . She
first met the captain on board his own
ship, in which she returned from- a visit
to China In 1832. • ;
When the tidings of the dreadful trag
edy reached her she persistently, refused
to believe them, and yesterday,"accompa
nied by her sister, she .wandered; about
the beach, hoping against hope for tidings
from the. lost one. Even last; night, when
almost every one believed the captain k to
be' among the missing, the; faithful one
still clung to the hope that he had escaped
and was still preserved for her.
ATTETRI> scene was enacted last
night on the ocean beach.
Huge bonfire* lit up the chore
and dispelled at Intervals the
black death curtain or fog
which hung over tho waters.
Her© and there men moved
er.2 cued at the breakers as they roared
aafl broke upon tha beach, A night watch
tad been established to look for tha
bodies of the dead who had gcma down In
the steamship C3ty of Rio de Jan»ro. Tho
glocra. of th« disaster which had happened
et the very entrance to the harbor and
which bad cost 123 human lives -was etll]
cpon the people of the city.
Every one, almost stunned by a catas
trophe which may happen again, as It did
before, was seeking to fix responsibility
for the terrible affair where It Justly be
,°. longi?. There is now practically no Ques
tion that Captain Frederick Jordan, the
pilot. Is responsible for the destruction of
the Rio de Janeiro. When he went upon
the bridge of the ship hU authority was
supreme. The lives of the crew and of
the paEsergs^s were la his hands, and
or.ly by his orders did the giant vessel
move on throuph the blackness of the
night to destruction.
K. P. Schwerin, general manager of the
Pacific Mall Steamship Company, Is try-
Ing to place the blame for the disaster
upon Captain "Ward, the master of the
Rio de Janeiro. Mr. Schwerin. Is taking
an advantage of a dead man. a "privilege
I he -is perhaps pleased to exercise, but his
crue! assault upon the master cf a ship
•who bravely died at his post will not re
move responsibility from Pilot Jordan.' A
pilot in every port In the civilized world
is supreme in command when he goes
up'-r. the bridge of a vessel.
TZL PIXOT HESPONKCBI.E.
Shipping: masters without exception de
clare that it would be the very height of
absurdity for conditions to be otherwise.
A p^Ict is called aboard because he Is
r.ceded. and in all emergencies his Judg
ment rules. It Is he who decides whether
. or rot a ship may enter a. harbor, and
eh.'rri^g- masters are dumfounded that
cr.y other opinion chould be maintained.
In every Instance masters gi-f- way to
pilots, an<3 not only custom but law In all
ports makes the rule universal.
This does not mean that a master of a
vessel surrenders his command to a pilot.
Tho master is supreme In everything ex
cept in th»t particular in which he has
given up his cuthority. He has chosen a
erJi<5« an<J to that ruldo he submits In
.everything which relates to guidance. In
everything else In his conduct of tha
ship's affairs. In his authority over his
officers smd crew, he Is as he was before
he asked for a pilot.
When it «b claimed, therefore, that Cap
tain YTard instructed Pilot Jordan to en
ter the harbor In the fog It must be ad
mitted that Jordan. In obeying that In
struction, violated the most Important ob
ligation cf his position and must accept
A the responsibility, horrifying as It Is. of
his act. A double Investigation will be
made la reference to the disaster. The
Federal inspectors have no authority over
Pilot Jordan, but they can make an In
quiry which will leave no question as ta
his responsibility, and the State authori
ties may then act.
The Federal inspectors have already be
rsa their Inquiry, and their method indi
cates that the Investigation will be of
pome benefit. In times past the Pacific
Mall Steamship Company has tak*n care
to Interview the survivors of wrecks be
fore the officers of the law could see
them, and the result has been not Infre
quently advantageous to the Pacific Mall
Steamship Company. The Federal in
ppectors probably do not Intend that this
shall happen again, for yesterday they
had one Important witness, the surviving
oScer of the Rio de Janeiro, Graham
Coghlan. before them.
A DOUBLE XNTrESTTGATTON 1 .
To-morrow they will decide when the
regular inquiry will begin. It is expected
that much important testimony bearing
on the question of responsibility will 'be
Riven. When the Federal inspectors have
finished the State Pilot Commission
will bc^in its Investigation and
decide what to do with Pilot Jordan,
p^ This matter Is considered by the public at
larjre to be one of the most vitally Impor
tant v hich ever developed In the city.
That a ship carrying hundreds of human
lives should go down at the entrance to
the harbor is a tragic event which has ex
cited horror not only in San Francisco but
in the State and nation.
The following telegram will illustrate
¦what deep concern this disaster has occa
eloned:
"V>'ASHIN*GTON, D. C, Feb. 23, DOL
"San Francisco Call. San Francisco':
"Was loss of RJo de Janeiro due to obstruc
. tion In channel? Is any Congressional
legislation recessary?
"V. H. METCALF."
This question of Congressman Metcalf
¦ was aFked by many thousands of people
yesterday,, and men who are qualified to
Fpt-.ik declare there Is no obstruction in
the channel which science can remove.
The cause of the wreck of the Rio de
Janeiro was the frightful Indiscretion of
the men who sent her on through the
darkness.
, «-•. Another point which has arisen and
which miy become a subject of discussion
at the Federa! Inquiry is In reference to
the crews employed on ships of the Pa
• ciSc Mall Steamship Company. These
are Chinese, who become frenzied
•fcj the presence cf danger and cannot,'
- «ven if they would, perform the duties re- ,
State and Federal Authorities Will Institute a Searching Inquiry Into the Causes of the Wreck.
Seekers of the Dead Build Bonfires on the Ocean Beach to Watch for the Bodies of the Vic
tims Which May Float From the Dread Coffin-Ship— Police Patrol the Scene of the Horror
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— Public attention
again has been directed by the sinking of
the City of Rio de Janeiro to measures
for saving, life In- case of accident tr>
steamships. Representatives of some of
the principal transatlantic liners running
out of this port to-day were asked to give
their opinions cf the efficacy of lifeboat
Holland has relatives residing In New
York, and to-day he notified them of his
escape.
BOAT DRILLS
CRITICIZED
After the Rio struck upon the reef Hol
land assisted the captain In getting the
passengers Into the lifeboats. He and the
captain walked aft together on the star
board side, and just as they reached the
ealoon the boat gave a lurch and disap
peared beneath the water. Holland was
carried down by the suctioE, but managed
to secure hold of a life preserver, whJch
assisted him to rise to the surface, but
not until be had been almost strangled
by the salt water. Being an expert swim
mer he succeeded in keeping afloat until
picked up by an Italian fisherman. •
ing . disposition his presence was not
noted. /
CONFIRMING THE D&EAD NEWS OF DEATH.
.The Wakefields were great friends of C.
C. Clay at Frultvale. and when Miss Clay
was married last fall- Mrs. Wakefleld and
her daughter crossed the continent to at
ten dthe wedding, Mlss^ Wak-neldV belns
one 'of the bridesmaids. ; After this they
remained at. the' Metropole until they took
the Hawaiian' journey. "Mra. WakefleM
rlld not want to make this trip, but Ml*s
Wakefleld urged "it strongly and' the
mother finally conaented because of her
daughter's health, which, was not gooi*.
They expected to return on the China, bu;
for _ some reason delayed their hoifcecom
lng until the; Rio, de Janeiro sailed.- and
that delay .< cost them their .lives. '
Mrs. - Wakefleld was • greatly* Interested
in charitable work In 'Oakland ( and was
admired 'wherever, she was known. '.".'
uel Bell Wakefleld. and lived in San Fran
cisco for many' vears.', They' still own a
residence, across "the bay. .", Later, they
IJve.d.Ini.this.cIty on Harrison street, and
entertained lavishly. After the death of
Mr." WaJceHcId .the boys went to New
York, where their business interests were,
and' Mrs.' Wakefleld * and her • daughter
trayeled extensively through Europe. .
who on;the day of the wreck was mourned
among tho missing,, turned up yesterday,
to the surprise and delight of his friends.
unharmed. V it' is not known how he be-,
came numbered with ' the' dead . further
than that after the boat sank he did not
report his escape to any. of the 'officers of
the ' steamship company. He - was on .the
>wharf j and ' around ;• the ! beach ' where tlvj
disaster 'occurred, but as he is of a retlr-
J.'C. 1 Holland," third . officer . of the Rio,
Third" Officer of ' the Wrecked Vesasl.
Who Was Reported, to Be Among ;
the Missing, Turns TTp -
" Unharmed.
J.C. HOLLAND
NOT DROWNED
• "What impresses me most about thf3
wreck of * the- Pacific Mail steamship is
how the pilot could' have seen liarhts and
not have known the 'dangerous position of
the ship. If such a dangerous ledge of
rocks was. there It seems to me it should
have been. marked by a lighthouse."
Gustav H. Schwaba of the North Ger
man Lloyd line said:; "We maintain llfe
, boat drills . regularly ¦ on our steamships
every trip, but It is seldom a wreck oc
.curs when conditions are .favorable for
launching lifeboats. It is seldom that
sinking " steamships gro itraight down.
Usually they have a heavy list and boats
on the upper side strike the side of the
ship and it is lmposalb.e to get them into
the water. The othihr side is quickly sub
merged, and .the, boats on that -side are
either, stove in or submersed before they
Van. be used. , .
"Much depends ' on " the crew at such
times, and we do not know yet what .kind
of men she carried. You will probably
find that many of the men were Chinese.'.'
John Lee. general agent of the White
Star Jlne; said: "I do not think much of
lifeboat drills, although this line main
tains drills regularly in port. But you
cannot say anything about the case of
the City of Rio de Janeiro until It is
known exactly what happened. Apparent- 1
ly It was all very sudden and from what
I have read it appears the captain thought
the steamship had struck aft and ordered
all forward. Then the* vessel suddenly
plung-ed down bow first. .... . «
Boat drills In one form or another are
part of routine duties aboard steamships
of every transatlantic liner. But It was
the general opinion that while drills-are
necessary, and a, useful part . of the life
boat system, the whoto system often falls
at a critical moment because conditions
surrounding a foundering vessel are sel
dom favorable to lowering boats and get
ting them away. " ' •» ¦ '
drills for an emergency such as confront
ed the officers of the lost Paclflo Mall
liner. \ . • . ¦ -. ... ¦
.OAKLAND. Feb. 23.— Th» bodv of Mrs.
S. B. Waken eld, who was drowned in tho
wreck of the Rio de ¦ Janeiro i will' "bo
brought to this' city for burial. Mrs.
Wakefleld has two sons In the East who
have ordered that their Smother's body be
kept until their arrival,- and that every ef
fort be made to recover the body of their
sister. ; From the ".fact that the body of
Mrs. Wakefleld was recovered so soon af
ter the. wreck some nopo.was entertained
by j their . many friends •_ that -the » young
lady might have jj escaocd ; the | awful fate
' that overtook j her mother. All hope of
this has now.- been '-abandoned 1 and It is
feared that her body may' have been car
irled out ,to sea, ; , . - # ,. /• ./i};,
1 1 The only -relatives , of, Mrs. Wakefleld
are her 'two sons. in New- York.-. Samuel'
Bell Wakefleld and Frank Wakefleld, and
her. two sisters. Mrs. Ruth 'Miller arid
Mrs. Catherine Hobson of East Oakland.
Her 'sons are, now: on the v way here from
New York and are expected to arrive on
Wednesday, when the details of the funer
al will ?be; arranged. ;. V
. , A reward of $250 has been offered by
relatives f or. the? recovery ~of, the body of
Miss Wakefleld. V . , -- . ..: ' V "
*Mrs. fWakefleld.was.the widow of Sam-
Until tha Arrival of Her Sons j
. "Who Are Hurrying V
..West. .
Mrs. Wakefield's Body "Will Bs "Held
TO BE BURIED
IN OAKLAND
• Captain Ward had long postponed his
marriage to Miss Jackson, as he.wished
to secure a position on land beforeiwed
aihg'her. In his last letter to her. writ
ten during his last trip, he expressed the
hope that he would soon be able to ob
tain a permanent position at' Honolulu,
and promised that the \ wedding would
then take place.
PORT TOWNSEND. Feb. "1-An ac
count of what may turn out to be another
marine disaster and mysterious disap
pearance of a big steamship while cross-
Ing the Pacific Is given by Captain Mor
ris of the transport Port Albert, which
"arrived from quarantine to-day. Captain
Morris says that while in mldocean hn
mate ' sighted a two-masted steamship
abeam of the Port Albert, about two miles -
distant. . The weather was hazy, but it
could be seen that the steamer was In a
trough of the sea and laboring fearfully.
The sea was running high at the time,
and it was all- that could be done to keep
the Port Albert head on. ' The mate went
below to get 'hi? glasses so that he eould
see the vessel, but when he returned the
atmosphere- had . become more hazy. In
less than a'h.alf-hour the weather cleared
but no vessel could be seen. Both steam
ers were traveling In the same dlrect!on,
and Captain Morris" expresses the opinion
that the unfortunate vessel may have
foundered.
Vessel.
Transport Port Albert Brings 23"ewsj
. of tho mysterious Disappear*
• - . ¦ anca . of a • Big
"Captain Ward," he said, "was an ex
perienced sailor, and It la not likely that
he would fail to stop his ship when tho
pilot suggested that this be done. Cap
tain Ward cannot defend himself. Th«
pilot will have an opportunity to be beard
by the board which will make the Inves
tigation."
General Dumont said that there was
little time for lifeboats to te" lowered
after the boat struck. Had Captain Ward
an opportunity to lower his boats and
rafts all the passengers and crew would
probably have been saved. General Du
mont's reports show that the vessel was
provided with twelve lifeboats, capable
of carrying 2C9 persons, and twelve rafts,
which | could have easily accommodated.
202 persons, making a total of 411 persons
that could have been provided for. There
were 201 persons on the -City of Rio da
Janeiro 'when she sank.
There 'is no disposition here to blama
officers or crew for failure to lower boat i
promptly. Xor is It believed that tha
crew did not act efficiently. Under tha
law. the master of every vessel carrylnsr
passengers Is required to have weekly
drills on his ship. The law reads: "It
shall be the duty of the master of every
Inspected steamer of thirty net tons ani
over, carrying "passengers on the ocean,
lakes, gulfs or bays, when such, steamer
Is under way, to cause to be prepared a
station bill for his own department, and
one also for the engineer's department.
In 'which, shall be assigned a post or sta
tion for every person employed on board
such steamer, In case of flra or other dis
aster, which station bill shall be placed
In the most conspicuous place on board
for the observation of the crew.
"And It shall be the duty of such, mas*
ter or of the mate or officer next la coxa.
mand. once, at least. In each week, to
call all hands to quarters and exendsa
them In discipline and in onlashinr and]
swinging out of lifeboats, weather permit
ting, and In the use of fire pumps and all
other apparatus for the safety of Ufa on
board of such vessel, and to sea that all
equipments required by law are in com
plete working order for Immediate use.
And the fact of the exercise of the crew,
as herein contemplated, shall be entered
upon the steamer lo? book, stating the;
day of the month and the hoar when sa
exercised, and any neglect or omission on
the part of the officer In command of such
steamer to strictly enforce said rules shall
be deemed cause for revocation of licenas
of such officer." ,. _u^_.j
STEAMSHIP MAY
I HAVE GONE DOWN
CALL BUREAU, 140« O STREET.
N. "W.. "WASHINGTON. Feb.
23. — An official Investigation Into
the City of Rio de Janeiro dis
aster will be made In San Fran
cisco. The Investigation will b«
made by O. F. Bowles, Inspeo
tor of Hulls, and John C. Bulger, In
spector of Machinery, under the •aper
vision of John Bermlngham, General In
spector, "in San Francisco.
Supervising. General I>umont of th«
Steamboat Inspection Service said to-day
that these men were thoroughly efficient
and capable of raaklrsgr a satisfactory In
vestigation. Mr. Bermlngham served as
general superintendent of the Pacific Mafl
Ctftapany. to which the City of Wo de
Janeiro belonged, and prior to bis occu
pancy of this position he acted as chief
engineer" and subsequently! commanded
the Pacific Mall liner.
General Dumont Is Inclined to look
with disapproval upon the efforts of the
pilot, who was rescued, to place the blame
on the captain, who sank with his shin.
boy.'. The body .of the Chinese passenger
was not Identified.
yesterday afternoon as Jeong On. bath
boy: Chun J«n, % second pantryman: Jow
Dock, porter; Joe Adachl. Japanese mess-
Fdsntifyiri* Four o? Dead.
The bodies of three Chinamen and a
Japanese In the Mor«*ue were Identified
FREDERICK JORDAN, THE PILOT, IS CONSIDERED
RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DISASTER IN WHICH SCORES
OF LIVES WERE LOST ON THE RIO DE JANEIRO
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1901— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. SG.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Pages 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22 j
The San Francisco CallSEARCHING FOR WRECKAGE OF
THE ILL-FATED STEAMSHIP RIO
DE JANEIRO.
Chief Forecaster McAd'e of the local
Weather Bureau made the followlr-g
statement yesterday as to weather con
ditions: , " ,
"There has been nearly an inch and
three-quarters of rain in the vicinity of
this city in the last twenty-four hours,
and there is every likelihood that we will
have more rain to-morrow.
"The rain has been very heavy over the
northern part of the State and Is likely
to continue. The snow la meltlnsr in tha
mountains and with a heavy rainfall will
give very high water. Very little rain has
fallen in the southern part of the State.
The rivers are very high. The Sacramen
to at 10:30 o'clock to-daj-«was 2S.6 steady,
but I think It will rise. At Colusa It was
25.4 and rising steadily. The danger line 13
25 feet there. The highest water they
have had there was 26 feet some years
ago. The river at Red Bluff ia 1S.8 and
risine. At Orovllle It is 12.5 feet."
Conditions— Northern Rivers
Are Rising Rapidly.
Chief McAdie Discusses tha Weather
FORECASTS MORE RAIN
FOR THIS VICINITY
A few minutes later several policemen
arrived on the scene and listened atten
tively to the Janitor's tale. He 6aid that
he was sweeping when the front door was
suddenly, opened and three women en
tered, one of them was armed with a re
volver, and demanded his money, threat
ening to blow out his brains If he made an
outcry. He Bald that, despite the threat;
he began shouting for aid and the baf
fled robbers ran out and disapppeared In
an adjoining building. '. .
An investigation . made by the police
showed that the Janitor was the victim of
a Joke • played by mischievous type*
writer girls employed in an attorney's of
fice. They were detained after office
hours to finish ; up some work and had
been to a neighboring restaurant to get
supper." One of them took a banana from
the table when she was leaving and when
they saw the Janitor at work one of them
suggested that It would be a good Joke to
frighten him. Armed, with the banana,
they entered the office and demanded of
the ; Janitor that he surrender his loose
change. "When he commenced to yell they
became frightened and ran to the office
where they are employed.
TYPEWRITER GIRLS
CAUSE EXCITING SCENE
A few belated pedestrians passing along
California street", between Kearny and
Montgomery, last night were startled by
loud cries for police help. . The janitor
employed in the office of the Equitable
Gas Light Company ran hurriedly out
to the sidewalk and declared In excited
tones that a daring attempt had been
made by female footpads to rob him.
Captain John Spillane's patrolmen have
succeeded in placing behind the prison
bars six early-mornlnp: burglars within
the last three days. First to come to grief
were the young ex-convicts Edward
Lynch and August Qulnlan. who were
caught in the act of robbing I»v/enthal"s
clothing store, at 59 Jessie street, on the
morning of last Thursday. Following this
capture Officers Chase. Cassidy. Cutler.
Shinkwin and Clay arrested Robert Gunn.
Fleming Bannister and James Kelly, who
had «tolen thirteen boxes of cigars from
a store at 2 Howard street, where they
had pried open the door.
Not to be outdone by his brother offlcrrs.
Policeman T. P. Klnch while on his way
to hla home after reporting off duty at
the City Hall station yesterday morning
discovered a man on the inside of a store
at 223 Fourth street in the act of passm?
stolen goods out through the transom to
two confederates- on the outside. Kinch at
once grappled with the burglar and after
a desperate flgnt. lasting several minutes,
succeeded in placing the handcuffs about
his wrists and sending him in tho patrol
wagon to the station, where hf gave the
name of John Kelly. He was booked on
the charge of burglary. It is newUeu tn
add that Captain Spillane Is well pleased
with the record made by his men.
in the Act. and One Gives
Battle.
Three of the Criminals Are Caught
POLICEBTEN SEIZE
SEVERAL BTJEGLABS
POUCKMAN nilLLIPS DEAD.— Th« Po
lice Dej-artmcnt was notified yesterday that
Policeman O. C. Phillips had died In Heaids
hxirg, where he had gone for hla health. Phil
lips was 3-S years of Rge and Joined the fore*
in 1S.D1. lie was a courteous and efficient of
ficer anil *a< one of th« crack rifle shots la
the derartrrent.
CLINTON R. COULTER'S ESTATE.— A peti
tion for letters of administration upon th«
•state cf the late Clinton R. Coulter, who ¥u
killed February I* In th« railroad wreck at
Mills station, Nevada, was filed yesterday by
Herman D. Hartenfeldt. Decedent's estata is
valued at about *3nno.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
"CThe reputation of Captain "Ward Is too
well known to be affected by any charges
brought against him by the officials of
the Pacific Mall ' Company, and- it would
have been In better taste for them to
have awaited the dtcision j of the official 5
Inquiry before they started to place tho
blame for the loss of the Rio de Janeiro
on a brave man who lies many fathoms
beneath the waters of the bay."
With reference to Pilot Jordan'B state.
"I am familiar with the rules of
ping and . marine insurance and I state
positively that when a pilot boards a ship
he is supposed to be 'the 'only judge of a
proper time to tako the ship Into port.
If the captain thinks that the pilot is in
error then the captain has the right to
give orders to the pilot.
world and I think 1 am qualified to talk
as to the rules governing pilots and cap
tains. The rule all ever the world Is that
when a pilot comes aboard a ship the
pilot is in" sole command* Of the
pilot is supposed to act as a guide to
the captain, who never loses his command
of his ship. It is difficult to explain this
in proper language. AVhat I meaji is this,
when a pilot boards a ship the pilot is
supposed to give all orders and take the
vessel into . port at the time he thinks
proper. While he, the pilot, is In sole
command tho captain has the right to
Judge of the orders of the pilot and if
necessary take the command out of the
pilot's hands. That Is what I mean by
saying that the pilot is In sole command
of a ship from the time he gets aboard
and that the captain is sole commander
of his ship. The pilot is but a temporary
commander nnd If he Is making a mis
take the captain has the power to rectify
the error."
Among Insurance men the sam» idea
was expressed, that the pilot was respon
sible for the Rio de Janeiro from the time
he boarded the vessel on Thursday even
ing at 5 o'clock until she was wrecked,
and that Captain Ward had no reason to
countermand the orders of Pilot Jordan.
"I don't think for a single moment that
brave Captain Ward was to blame for th«>
disaster," said a well-known marine in
surance manager yesterday. "And while
I did not know him 1 want to champion
the cause of a man whose lips are sealed
In death. It is easy enough for people to
say that Captain Ward was responsible
for the accident because tho ship was
brought into port during the existence of
a fog.
"Pilot Jordan has stated that he ordered
the anchor to be hoisted, and this in itself
shows that the pilot, was In command of
the vessel. If Jordan was not in charge
what right had he to order the anchor
to be hoisted? If ho was not in charge
would the "crew have obeyed his orders?
He gave those orders to the officers on
the bridge and those officers sent those
orders to the engine- room. Would those
officers have sent the orders of Pilot Jor
dan to . the engine-room if they did not
recognize '. the right of. the - pilot to give
them? , '
duced by Supervisor Braunhart, was
unanimously adopted:
In the meridian of life Stephen M. Whit* Is
at rent after having filled to more than a meas
ure the demands of duty In every station In
which he was placed. As a »on, a husband, a
father, he discharged each domestic obligation
with fidelity and fervor: as a citizen, prior to
his call to civic station, he recornlzed his re
sponsibilities and employed his talents in ad
vnnoinK the Interests of the community tn
which he was capt; as. an occupant of office he
neglected no detail that made service beneficial
to the commonwealth, i •* •¦ ,* .
In the. pursuit^of a laudable ambltloln to se
cure the most elevated post as a national legis
lator he Illustrated the typ« of public
virtue and set. an example, of, endurlnc excel
lence to the youth of i, the* land, proving: that
"honor and shnme from mo condition rise." but
that In just dealing ¦with, fallow man. honest
and earnest endeavor In right doing lies all the
honor of achievement. s..v : :
His career has been' notable for Its departure
from the conimon grooves of success; he carved
out his own way from, the beginning and ad
hered to his original 'purpose with Inflexible
resolution until its culmination In the Senate
of the United States, where at once he was ac
knowledged the peer of the most accomplished
In all the qualities -combining to make % per
fect legislator. In the State and In the United
States Senate and In party national councils he
was always recognized as entitled to the first
place and always prepared when called upon to
occupy it. .
San Francisco, in which Stephen M. White
first saw the light, and in which he received
his early education and to which he ever cher
ished a tender affection, always reciprocated,
owes to his memory equally with the fair city
of Lcs Angeles, where his matu»(!r years and
laet hours were passed, a tribute of grief for
the lo?=s borne by these cities, this State and
the Union; and in recognition of our common
sorrow this board orders this meorlal to be en
tered In 5ta journal.
Supervisors Adopt a Memorial and
Order It Entered on the Board's
Journal.
When the Supervisors met yesterday
afternoon the following memorial. Intro-
GREAT LOSS SUSTAINED
BY THE DEATH OF WHITE
BUT one man lives who can tell
upon whom the responsibility for
the loss of the steamship Rio de
Janeiro and her precious freight
, of lives an-1 merchandise should
rest, end that man Is Pilot Fred
erick Jordan, who was on the
bridge of the 111-faled vessel when she
struck upon Fort Point Reef yesterday
morning. With the passing of the first
poignant grief at the loss of so many in
nocent lives the question which now i»
uppermost in the minds of all Is who is
to blame for the disaster.
Vice President Schwerin of the Pacific
Mail Company stated on the day of the
man whom he knows cannot answer him."
Considerable surprise was In
many" quarters yesterday that the boats
of the Rio de Janeiro were unable to get
away from the ship after she struck.
Quartermaster Lindstrom, who was on
the lookout at the time of "the disaster,
said yesterday:
"We had ten boats and twelve life rafts
and 400 to 500 life belts. On the. voyagfi
out we had five boat and fire drills and
the same number on the voyage home.
We had the last boat drill the day after
we left Honolulu for , San Francisco.
When we struck the rock every one re
sponded promptly and went to his place.
The Chinese crew behaved admirably, just
as if they were at drill. The Chinese pas
sengers were excited and caused consid
erable confusion. • /
"From, the time we 'struck until the ship
went down about eight minutes elapsed,
and I think the best was done to get all
the boats out and get the passengers in
them. It took a few, minutes to get the
passengers on deck and while the work
of getting them into the boats was going
on the ship gave a lurch and went down
by the bow."
Quartermaster Lindstrom denied that he
stated soon after his rescue that Captain
Ward went below or locked himself in his
room.
"The captain simply came down from
the bridge," said Lindstrom. "and went
to his room under the bridge to get his
overcoat, as he only had his pajamas on,
and it was very cold. I was ordered by
the pilot to heave the lead," and when I
could not get bottom at twenty fathoms
and the ship started to slide off, the pilot
said to the captain: 'Get all your pas
sengers out. She will be sinking pres
ently.'" ..
The members of the State Pilot Com
mission could not be found yesterday, but
it is understood that they will hold an In
quiry Into the loss of the Rio de Janeiro
next week.
The United States local Inspectors of
hulls and boilers will hold an official in
vestigation next week. It is known that
yesterday they sent for the officers of the
Rio de Janeiro who survived and took
their statements as to the sinking of the
ship, Second Officer Coghlan being under
examination for more than three hours.
The greatest secrecy was maintained by
the Inspectors of hulls and boilers In mak
ing the examination, and it Is understood
that the object of taking the statements
is that when the official investigation is
held the inspectors will have statements
of the witnesses to guide them.
Coroner Leland yesterday impaneled a
Jury to view the eleven bodies recovered'
from the wrecked steamship.
The names of the jury are as follows:
Leo Gilbert. 610 Kearny street ; Julius Son
nenberg. rg Kearny street: 8. H. Collins, 227
Kearny street; C.Podesta. 242 Sutter street:
VT. T7.i Coulter, 227 Butter street; F. Jaeger.
238 Sutter street ;\XV. Douglas, 215 Sutter street';
D. Renfro, 233 Sutter :stitet; George Wise, ng
Market street, and Ernest Tlcknor, 24J Sutter
street. v""-.-.V'';V
Thejury, after viewing the bodies, was
instructed to meet at' the Coroner's office
next v Wednesday morning r at 10 o'clock,
when the inquest will be held.
CThe bodies of all the white people were
removed from the Morgue yesterday to
various undertaking establishments in the
city. The bodies of the Chinese were not
claimed until late at night. The Six Chi
nese Companies sent word to Coroner Le
land. asking that,the bodies be held until
an opportunity could be afforded to find
the relatives of the dead men. The Pacific
Mall. Company also sent. word to the Cor
oner that It wanted the bodies of the dead
Chinese in order that they might be'em
balmed and sent back to China.
Late last evening word was sent to Sur
geon O'Neill of the Rio : de: Janeiro that
the bodies would be delivered to the Mail
Company In accordance with Its request.
Early yesterday morning a number of
mail sacks and trunks belonging to the
I accident that the pdot was but a guide
I to Captain Ward an.l that the captain was
the sole commander of the- Rio de Ja
neiro.
The disposition to place the blame upon
the brave commander of the ill-fated ves
sel, whese lips are scaled in death, was
controverted yesterday by the statements
cf men who arc prominent in marinp in
surance and shipping circles. Interviews
with a number of marine insurance men
end with shipping men resulted in the
statements that when a pilot boards a
vessel ho is the sole Judge of the proper
time to take the ship into port. A prom
inent master mariaer, who is familiar
wilh the rules of tiie Pacific Mail Com
pany and also with" those of the Pilot
Commission, paid yesterday-:
'* have sailed in vessels all over the
The Golden City stranded on Point St.
Lazaro. Lower California, February 22
1870. This vessel was one of the finest
owned by the Pacific Mail Company. She
was rated at 3500 tons and was command
ed by Captain Comstock. She was on her
run from this city to Panama and had a
full passcneer list. Fortunately no lives
were lost. The vessel was valued at $500,
000 and was a total loss.
OAKLAND. Feb. 23.— Charles "E. J«y
cox, who was lost in the wreck of the Rio
de Janeiro, was born and his boyhood
days were spent at Mount Eden, in Ala
meda County. When he and his brother,
Westley Jaycox, ¦were quite young both
of their parents died, leavinjr them a large
estate. The children were left In care of
Mr. and Mrs. O. Dennis, who are now liv
ing in San Francisco .with Westley.
Charles reached his majority about a year
ago and his portion of the estate was
turned over to him. He left soon after
for Honolulu, where he had been ever
since. His brother and his foster-parents
wanted him to return to San Francisco,
and he took the ill-fated steamship Rio de
Janeiro. : \ . ¦. ¦
passengers of the ill-fated Rio de Janeiro
were found^ floating on the bay and were
taken to the Mail Dock. The mail sacks
were turned over to the postal authorities.
One box picked up contained the papers
of Captain -Ward, including his Masonic
and Master Mariners' certillcates.
Surveyor of the Port Spear has estab
lished a patrol of the ocean beach and
bay, and all fishing-boats must report to
the barge office at the foot of Powell
street.
The list of dead now stands at 121 and
the saved eighty persons, making a total
of those on board at the time the vessel
struck of 201;
Dispatches from the Bast, received in
San Francisco yesterday, told of the deep
grief which existed in official circles at
the news of the death of Consul General
\\ lldman and his family.
John B. Roach, president of the ship
building company which bears his name,
was interviewed at Chester, Pa., yesterday,
and when asked as to. the cause of the
rapid sinking of the Rio de Janeiro, said:
"The rapid sinking of the ship was due
to the fact that she was not built as
modern ships are-with water-tight bulk
heads dividing the vessel up Into compar
atively small compartments. At the time
the Kio was built this practice of insur
ing, the safety of vessels had not been
developed as it is to-day. The Rio was a
stanch and steady, ship, splendtly con
structed, and had proved her seaworthi
ness in a dozen typhoons, but the lack of
water-tifcht bulkheads was a fatal defect
In case the ship struck a reef."
A Chinese merchant of this city named
Ho lung Sang, of the firm of Man Lee
is. Co., 409 Dupont street, appeared be
fore the inspector of the Chinese Bureau
yesterday making Inquiries in regard to
his wife, whom he had been advised by
letter would be. a passenger on the Rio.
The unfortunate woman was the only
lady Chinese passenger on board. She
came in care of her uncle, who was the
captain's cabin boy and who made the
trip in order to care for her. From the
statements made by the boatswain and
those who met the woman there is no
doubt she was the wife of the merchant.
She is among the missing.
Miss Kate Hickey, a former resident of
Sacramento, is ( supposed to have been
one of the victims of the Rio de Janeiro
disaster. She was with Consul "Wildman
at Hongkong and was expected to ar
rive. about the 15th. No definite informa
tion has been received as to whether or
not she ¦was on the steamship.
Philip Nussenblatt. one of the surviv< \
of the wreck, emphatically denies s I
statements derogatory to the conduct l \
Captain Ward after the accident and says
that Mrs. Wildman never got Into the
boat as others have stated.
Mr. Nussenblatt was on deck at the
time the ship sank and when he at last
rope to the surface he managed to catch
hold of a plank on which he floated until
nearly 8 o'clock, when he was reecued by
some Italian fishermen. He was severely
cut about the head by some blocks of
wood. Hi? wounds are doing well, how
evrr. and he ¦will soon recover.
The City of Rio de Janeiro met her fate
at nearly the f>ame"hour and on the thir
ty-first anniversary of the loss of the
steamer Golden City, belonging to the
Master Mariners and Insurance Men Say That When Pilot Jordan Went on Board
the Rio de Janeiro He Became the Sole Judge as to the Proper Time to Bring
- the Steamship Into Port— Official Inquiry Into the, Wreck to Begin : To-Morrow
mcnt that he asked Captain "Ward as to
whether he should take the ship further
in on account of the fog descending, an
attache of the Pacific Mail Company,
whose name for obvious reasons is sup
pressed, said yesterday:
"If Jordan said such a thing, he told a
falsehood. He was the pilot, and why
should he have asked the captain for or
ders? Jordan was in command of the Rio
cle Janeiro from the time he went on
bonrd on Thursday evening, and he gave
the orders to start the ship to come into
the bay on ¦ Friday morning. He might
have consulted with Captain "Ward, but
I don't believe for an instant that Jordan
said -to the captain, 'The fog is thick,
what shall I do?' and that Captain "Ward
told Jordan to go ahead. Jordan is try
ing to shift the blame from himself to a
GENERAL OPINION IS EXPRESSED THAT '
CAPTAIN .WARD WAS !N NO WAY TO BLAME
TO FIX RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE DISASTER
THE SAN ER AiNCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1901.
14
No other remedy can take the place of Peruna.
"Persuaded by a friend I havo used Peruna as a tonic, and I
cm glad to testify that it has greatly helped me in strength, vigor
and appetite. I have been advised by friends that it is remarkably
efficacious as a cura for the almost universal complaint of catarrh."
— W. N. Roach, Larimore, North Dakota.
Hon. W. N. Roach, United Statps Senator from North Dakota, personally
endorses Peruna, the great catarrh cure and tonic. In a r^efnt letter to Th«*
Peruna Medicine Company at Columbus, Ohio, written from Washington.
D. C, Senator Roach says:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Accept No Substitute for Hood's 8arsaparllla.
ri have taken Hood's Sarsaparllla as a Sprin? tonic for
several years an-3 have derived great benefit from it. I rec-
ommend it to all who have that tired feeling. loss of appetite
or impure blood." FANNIE FISHER, 201S High Street,
Des Moines, la.
Waste matters which the kidneys, skin and
other organs were too torpid (in the cold days) to
take care of, and cannot take care of now 'without
help, there is such an accumulation of them.
They litter the whole system. •
Pimples, boils and other eruptions, loss of appe-
tite, that tired feeling, bilious turns, fits of indiges-
tion, dull headaches and many other troubles com-
. mon in Spring are due to them. •
Hood's Sarsapan/Ia removes all humors, over-
comes all their* effects, strengthens and tones the
whole system. •
Don't deny yourself its benefits this Spring.
Begin taking Hood's at- once.
Winter's Bequest to Spring.
Blood
R. H. CROSS,
Mills Building, San Francisco.
February 23, 1901
eyes.
Report must be made within 4
days from this date.
Q 0 H ¦ e P a id to tne n d~
er of NAOMI WAKE-
FIELD, lost in the wreck of Rio
de Janeiro; 19 years of age, tall,
slender, dark hair and dark blue
Byron J. Kirkhuff,
Attorney and
Counsellor
at Law.
Mr. E. J. Maklnson
Contractor and
Builder.
derive prompt
and satisfactory results from the use
of Peruna. write at once to Dr. Hart-
man. giving a full statement of your
case and he will b^ pleased to glvj
you his valuable- advice gratis.
Address Dr. Hartman, president of
the Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus.
Ohio.
Kirkhuff.
If you do not
To all such people Dr. Hartman's
remedy, Peruna, comes as a gTeat
boon. Not only is it more successful
in curing catarrh than tho trcatmei*.
of the catarrh specialist*, but it ia
within the reach of every person in
this land. Peruna can be bought «:
;.ny cJruir store, and is a remedy with-
out equal for catarrh in all forms,
toughs, colds, bronchitis, consumption
xnd all climatic diseases of winter.
Peruna. is not a cues?, nor an ex-
periment; it is an absolute, scientific
certainty. Peruna cures catarrh wher-
ever located, Peruna has no substi-
tute?— no rivals. Insist upon having
Peruna. Let no one persuade you thr.t
some other remedy will • do nearly as
well. There la no other system'c
remedy for catarrh but Peruna,
Mr. Byron J. Klrkhuff, attorney.
counsellor-at-law. writes from Gbi
... Gates ave .
Brooklyn. NT.,
/••^f^u the following:
' figr^^^\ "I have useJ
rai \ your Peruna for
TJ* -g ¦/—*-} catarrh and find
%(3 £3? its curative
IS V / powers all you
\j £p& t recommend. It
y^SA^y cured me of a
f^*v£iV very bad attack
anrt though I
jgS&J suffered for
I y^ars I fe*l en-
*4^&*r&MJ& tlrelv relieved.
Vi^C^^^P^-* and if It will
benefit others,
Byron J. Kirkhuff, I gladly glvo
Attorney and It my endorse-
Counsellor ment." — B. J.
Mr. Ed. J. Makinson,
luilder. 610 Grand 1
street. St. Paul. Minn.
As a result of the changeable climate
catarrh has become one of the most
prevalent and universal diseases
known to man. Nearly oneTthfrd of
the people of thp United States are
afflicted with catarrh in some of its
many phases and stapes. Add to this
the fact that catarrh rapidly tends to
become fixed or chronic, also the fur-
ther fact that it is capable of produc-
ing a great many other diseases, and
ve begin to realize the true nature o'
this dread disease.
So formidable has catarrh become
that In every city or town of any size
numerous doctors are to be found who
•nake the treatment of catarrh a sps»-
-ialty. Of course a great deal of good
Is accomplished in this way. but a?
yet a comparatively small number of
thf» people can avail themselves of
this treatment because of the great
expense necessarily attached to it.
believe it is
Peruna that has piven me such good
health."— E. J. Makinson.
contractor and
;lock.
, says:
;-"Many doctor
bills can bo
saved by the
use of Peruna,
I have all my
friends taking
Peruna, and I
nave heard
nothing but
praise from
them. Last
fall I had p
bad cough. I
took four bot-
tlps of Peruna.
and it cured
me. 1 am in-
clined toward
c onsumption,
as all my fam-
ily have died
with it. . I
welch 1 S5
i-pounds. and 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
; * , ~\ '* ¦ - t^y^J H £
Hon. W. N. Roach, United States Senator from North Dakota.
'^ >.LONESOME LEGISLATORS SEEKING A QUORUM.
Alpine and Mono will be put In with
Amador and Calaveras to make the Elev
enth Assembly District; Madera will be
taken from Tuolumne and Marloosa and
put in with Stanislaus and Merced: Inyo
will go in with Tulare to make the Twen
ty-seventh Assembly District, and Sac
ramento will get back the Assemblyman
Davis on the north, Rowell on the "West,
and Smith of ,Kern on the southwest,
each declares that Inyo shall not be of
his district, and Caldwell on the south
joins In the cry: but Caldwell is from
Riverside County, and In the new appor
tionment Riverside is taken from San
Bernardino and made to form a Senatorial
district with Orange, while a new district
is to be formed of San Bernardino anl»
Inyo. The same bill that puts those to
gether will relieve Caldwell from respon
sibility over San Bernardino, so no one
will be hurt by the new arrangement—
that Is, no one is now In a position to
make complaint.
County to join with San Bernardino In
forming a Senatorial district No one—
not even San Bernardino— wants it: but
the trouble Is there is no one to make a
fight over such a union except Senator
Caldwell, and if really makes no differ
ence to him.
four daughters were burned to death.
Mrs. James and a son wera absent from
home.
At 5 o'clock Mr. James got up, built a
fire and went back to bed. Later th«
stove tipped over and in a ahort time the
whole house was in flames. The daugh
ters awoke and rushed Into the room
where their father was. A son 13 yearn
old, who was sleeping with. his father,
escaped through a back dooi He went
to the window of tho room in which th«
father and girls were and tried to get
them out, but apparently they were all
suffocated. The boy then rang the din
ner bell until the flames forced him to
retreat. Before the neighbors, alarmed
by the- bell, arrived the house had fallen
in and the inmates could not be rescued.
•The mother of the family and one daugh
ter were away on a visit. All the bodies
were taken out of tho ruins. James was
a soldier In the Civil War and was 65
years old.
DEL MONTE. Feb. C— Th* Del Uont*
baths opened for tho season yesterday. This
Is the first tlmo In their history that they
have b«en opened so early and guests at th*
hotel are greatly pleased.
Man kills time, forgetting that time kills
man.
Dr. E. H. Mattner has returned from Eu
rope and resumed practice at 505 Van Ness*
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 23.— The steam
schooner National City picked up the long
overdue Fhilp Otto Gildermeister, dis
masted at sea, and came into port with
her in tow to-n5ght.
The Otto Gildermeister Safe.
To-morrow (Monday) we will sell "W. L.
X>ouglas J* and $3 shoes for $2 50 a pair;
500 pair my own make, worth from $5 to
$10 a pair, will close them out at $3: 1009
pair ladles' ties and shoes for 00c. 324
Kearny street, near Bush. •
Richard Fahl Is Quitting.
R. Derby, secretary of the Pacific Im
provement Company, were Injured In an
accident last night. They drove into a
newly dug sewer on Seventeenth street
over which the workmen had neglected
to place a signal light, and both *ere
thrown out. Dr. Ritchie was badly cut
about the head and face and Mr. Derby
sustained severe bruises and a bad wrench
of his ankle. Their vehicle was smashed
and the horse considerably injured.
SAX JOSE, Feb. 23.—A scheme is on
foot for big 1 electric railway developments
*si Santa Clara Countv. and those who
claim they have an Inkling on the inside
of affairs declare that Ban Jose and San
Francisco are to be connected bv a trolley
line. Back of this project is said to be un
limited Eastern capital. The particulars
are not obtainable, but It is said a lin*
will be built to connect the electric rail
way at South San Francisco with the end
of the line of the San Jose and Santa
Clara Railway at Santa Clara. An option
on tha Ban Jose road until the 1st of
March has been obtained.
R. J. Hangford of San Francisco Is pro
moting the project. . He had a party of
Eastern canltalists here a week ago look
ing over th© field, and r.n attorney for
the combine has been here for some timo
examining Into the franchise and going
over the details of the plan.
Rumors have been thick for the past
month about the consolidation of all the
electric railways and the two electric
light companies of the city, the power for
tb« consolidation company to be supplied
by the Standard Electric Company, whose
wires have recently been strung to this
city.
?
I/egal Strife for "Water Bights.
ROSSLAND. B. C. Feb. 23.—Chief Jus
tice McColl, at a Bitting of the Supreme
Court here to-day, trranted an order re
ferring back to the land commissioner at
Nelson, for reconsideration, the award to
the Trail smelter of certain valuable wa
ter rights on Murphy, Trail and; Stony
creeks^ The order was soueht by the
%Var Eagle and Center Star minim? com
panies, which held that the Nelson award
had been made without their knowledge
and at a time when their own applica
tions for water rigrht3 were pending be
fore the gold commlsjloner at Rosslyn.
The effect of the Chief Justice's order
will be to enable the land commissioner
to cancel or amend his first award and to
allow the Interests of all the parties to be
closed.
Drive Into Open Sewer.
PACIFIC GROVE. Feb. 23.-Dr. A. M.
Ritchie and Earl Derby, son of Richard
Railway Project Said to Save the
Backing of an Eastern
Syndicate.
TBOIXEY UNE FBOM SAN
FRANCISCO TO SAN JOSE
"Colonel" Brady and Fellow Junket
ers Swoop Down Upon the
Sonoma Town.
CLOVERDALE. Feb. 23.— Although the
citrus fair practicaily came to a close to
day all of the artistic and otHer exhibits
are still In place and will remain until
Monday for the benefit of those coming
from San Francisco and way stations to
morrow.
A feature of the fair yesterday was the
visit of a legislative committee consisting
of D. "W. Hasson of Orange County. J. W.
Bliss (chairman) of Oakland. "Colonel"
Martin Brady of Sail Francisco and Fred
L. Stewart of Amatlor County. They ar
rived by special train from Uklah on a
tour of Inspection and were met at the
depot by a committee. The legislators ex
pressed themselves as highly pleased with
the exhibit and departed with three cheers
for Sonoma County.
.This evening's programme consisted of
some pretty selections by Professor
Smith's picked band of twenty pieces and
the Spanish and skirt dances by Miss
Mabel Mitchell, a little girl of ten years
of age, from Santa Rosa, who is an artlsi
in her line. Master Harry Mangle ap
peared In a Cakewalk.
The fair, notwithstanding the light rain
yesterday afternoon and this morning,
has been a complete success financially
and the association will at once take up
the work of making elaborate arrange
ments for the enlargement of the pavilion
and for making next year's fair far su
perior to this, which is the best Cloverdale
has ever had.
LEGISLATORS "INSPECT"
THE OLOVEBDALE FAIR
CALL HEADQUARTERS,. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 23.— The apportionment
fight will finally end In sending . Inyo
INTO WILL BE JOINED
WITH SAJJ BEftUAKDINO
Court Boot.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 23.— Members of the Legis
lature who are well posted are keeping a
watchful eye on Assembly bill No. 806.
This measure proposes the allowance of
f 11,000 to be expended by George W.- Root,
clerk of the Supreme Court It author
izes him to fit out the offices of the clerk
of the Supreme Court with modern metal
lic filing and book cases and such other
furniture and fixtures as may be neces
sary for the proper transaction of the
business of his office. The Controller Is
directed to issue warrants payable out of
the general fund of the State treasury for
the sum of said appropriation in favor
of said clerk of the Supreme Court. It Is
provided that the act shall take effect
and be In force from and after Us pas
sage.
The State . Board of Examiners Is not
directed to superintend the proposed dis
bursement of public money. The Justices
of the Supreme Court are not required to
approve the expenditure. . The Supreme
Court Commissioners are not mentioned
as supervising agents. It is proposed by
the bill to give Root free rein to spend the
sum of $11,000.
Lawmakers who are familiar with
Root's official record will hesitate before
giving countenance to a bill authorizing
him to perform the work proposed with
out the assistance of an overseer. Those
who are familiar with his non-offlclal rec
ord, as well his official record, would not
vote away the small sum of $11 to be ex
pended under his sole direction. ¦
The records of the Sacramento office of
the Supreme Court are piled around In a
disgraceful manner to convince the mem
bers of the Legislature that more money
should be expended to preserve the docu
ments In an orderly, methodical form.
Deligent inquiry may be ordered to ascer
tain if any •¦ money whatever la needed.
If it shall be found that metallic furniture
is required the bill can then be amended
to make some officer, other than the pres
ent clerk of the Supreme Court, respon
sible for the disbursement of the money.
There Is another Supreme Court bill
pending. It Is Assembly bill 796. author
izing the clerk to employ a stenographer,
whose salary shall be $900 annually. No
addition to the clerical force of the court
is needed. A trick was played- on the
Legislature of 1899. The clerk lobbied
through a bill permitting him to place his
deputies— four of them— in the. San Fran
cisco office. At the same time: a; statu
tory provision compelled him to place two
men in the Los Angeles office.
One Measure Places $11,000 In the
Hands of Clerk of the Supreme
BILLS THAT SHOULD BE
CLOSELY SCRUTINIZED
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAC
RAMENTO. Feb. 23.— Two weeks
from to-night the session of the
Legislature will close. That Is
the general opinion and Is a logi
cal one, too, for when the five pieces of
legislation now pending and of most im
portance have been passed ,up tc the Gov
ernor, there Is nothing on the file of either
House that can keep the statesmen in
Sacramento. Even with an ending on
March 8, the legislators will have held
over without a per diem, and that Is
enough to stretch the patriotism of more
than a quorum this year.
The five measures that must be put
through are: Apportionment, code revi
sion, county salaries, a primary law and
the general appropriation bill. It was be
lieved that code revision would fall by the
wayside, but if the 6peed of the past week
is kept up to the end, the revision bills
will slip through wlfh the ease of a cau
cus agreement or a Governor's pro
gramme.
The Ways and Means Committee Is far
behind with the general appropriation bill
and the excuse that it will be earlier than
at the last session can hardly be made,
for the last session ran seventeen days
over time and this one will not. The bill
has not been Introduced in the Assembly
yet and it must fight Its way through
that body before the Senate can touch It.
As soon as It comes out a copy will be
Fent to the Senate Finance Committee,
and that committee will commence work
upon it so that when it does reach the
Senate no time will be lost in putting in
any amendments deemed necessary and
not included in the changes made on tha
floor of the Assembly.
The general appropriation bill is prom
ised for early next week. _ . . . w
Apportionment should b*» finished by
Tuesday anyway, for 1 the Senate caucua
has practically agreed upon a course, and
as each Senator took no action without
consulting his Assemblyman. It is fair to
presume that there will b*- no material
departures in the Assembly from the de
cision of the Senate.
A primary law, a composite of all th*
' measures introduced upon that subject.
i has been adopted by the Committee on
Elections from both houses, in Joint meet
ing, and, while there probably will be a
i fight upon it, the bill will not take long
: In Its consideration. And the county gov
1 eminent bill ought to go through with
; the rest in the two weeks coming.
; Monday next Is the last day upon which
i bills may be Introduced without suspend
! ing the rules. The bills have been falling
I off in number of late, and It is probable
! that when time is called there will not
I be within 400 of the number introduced
i two years ago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Sheriff was Informed of the rob
bery and immediately dispatched Deputies
E. Lewis, W. Pinnell and James Cramer
to Berenda. Constable Crow of Berenda
organized a posse and went after the rob
ber. He arrested a young man who was
camped beside a buggy near the scene of
the crime. This morning the stolen arti
cles were found a Bhort distance from the
camp by Deputy Constable Vignolo. The
mask and pistol also were found. Pieces
of rubber, which exactly fitted the eye
holes in the mask, were discovered In the
buggy. The vehicle in which the young
man Is traveling Is believed to have been
stolen, as it answers the description of
one taken from a ranch near Tulare on
the 19th inst. The fellow gave his name
as Curtis and says he Is a son of William
Curtis, a farmer living between San Jose
and Santa Clara.
"Give me your money," he commanded.
"I haven't got any," answered Joyce.
beginning: to show signs of alarm.
"Well, give me that watch and chain.
I'll teach you to rubber at me."
And relieving the thoroughly surprised
farmer of his timepiece the fellow disap
peared in the darkness.
While the robbery was taking place
three men were In an ante-room or the
ealoon playing cards. They, too. regarded
the proceedings as a joke, and did not
even stop their game until the masked
man had started for the door with the
contents of the money drawer.
MADERA. Feb. 23.— Joseph Joyce, a
farmer living near Berenda. a station
seven miles north of here, admits that the
joke is on him. Last night a masked man
entered the paloon of Thomas Costello, at
Berenda. and by the judicious display of
a revolver Induced Costello to deliver up
the contents of the money till. Joyce rrom
a distance viewed the proceedings through
a window. He believed a joke was being
played on Costello and he wanted to be in
on the fun. bo after watching through the
window for a minute or two he kicked
upon the door and Insisted upon being ad
mitted. The robber, who wore a mask,
had locked the door on entering the sa
loon. When Farmer Joyce, laughing
heartily at the supposed Joke on the sa
loon man, became too enthusiastic in his
efforts to gain access to the saloon the
robber, who by this time had finished de
spoiling Costello of his wealth, opened the
door and thrust tbe muzzle of his revolver
under the nose of Joyce.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Regards the Proceedings as a Huge
Joke Until He Is Made to Give
Up His Watch and
Chain.
Breaks Into a Saloon in
Which Masked Man Is
Operating.
FARMER INSISTS
ON BEING ROBBED
George James, a Civil War Veteran,
and Four Daughters Perish
in Indiana.
VERSAILLES, In-1, Feb. 23.— The home
of George James, four miles from here. ;
burned this morning ¦ and James and his
FIVE LIVES LOST IN " . \
A BTJB.NING DWELLING
surrounding the death of Captain Oliver
Dotson. one of the men who laid out the
city of Denver and was a. famous Black
Hills character, whose dead body was
found In his cabin in Washington Gulch,
thirty-five miles west of Helena, remains
unsolved, and the tragedy promises to de
velop one of the most remarkable- stories
of crime ever heard of in this region.
The officers, who returned to-day from
Washington Gulch, report • the finding of
an alleged ' confession signed by Captain
Dotson. In which he declares that his son,
Clinton Dotson; his grandson. Oliver Hen
eon, and Ellas Perslnger, the latter from
Missouri, are innocent of the murder of
Eugene Culllnane, which occurred in Aug
ust. 1S99, and for which the younger Dot
son is now serving a nlnety-nlne-ye&r sen
tence and the otner two ten years' term*
in the penitentiary.
Dotson. in the confession, states he was
about to commit suicide and he made the
confession in the hop* of freeing Innocent
men.
The officers believe the confession to be
a clever forgery, but say they cannot
prove this until persons familiar with
Dot son's handwriting can be found. To
all appearances Dotson had committed
suicide. A rifle had been rigged up
against the wall and Dotson had appar
ently stood in front of it and pulled the
trigger with a string. He was shot
through the head. .,'
Some time ago the Warden of the peni
tentiary learned that a convict who was
released in December last had declared
that he would kill Dotson and that he
would leave on the body a confession pur
porting to exonerate the three men in Jail.
It is asserted that Clinton Dotson prom
ised to divide $15,000. which he claimed to
have buried somewhere in Wyoming, with
the convict If he would kill his father, and
secure his pardon. This convict was seen
near Washington Gulch last' Sunday and
cannot now be found. ": The • alleged con
fession of Dotson implicated Edward
Cachelllm-ln 'the murder of Culllnane.
Cachellim is now County Commissioner at
Pierre. 8. -D. ,. He was a friend of the
younger Dotson . and ¦ spent money in de
fending all , three of the convicted men.
Paper Found on His Person
Exonerates Men Accused
of Murder.'
HELENA, Mont., Feb. 23.— The mystery
DOTSON'S DEATH
STILL A MYSTERY
LIMA. Peru. Feb. 23.— In view of the
predictions in Bristol's Almanac general
attention has been attracted to the in
terior of Peru and along the coast to a
repetition of the atmospheric phenomena.
There were atmospheric disturbances
Thursday night, also prolonged subter
ranean rumblings of a seismic nature In
Lima, lea and Pisco. In Canete several
mornings ago there was heard an explo
sion at ? o'clock. Then followed thunder.
Lightning continued until twenty minutes
STRANGE PHENOMENA
IN PERU'S INTERIOR
Peculiar Atmospheric Disturbances Are
Followed by Prolonged Subterra
nean Rumblings of a Seismic Nature
after 5 o'clock. The thermometer regis
tered 65 degrees and the barometer was
very unsteady. ! , *.,;>.
Clouds moved from the north toward
the south and the wind along the surface
of the earth was variable and frequently
was in the opposite direction from that In
•which the clouds were moving. The ther
mometer at 3 o'clock In the afternoon
following the, phenomena rosa to 85 de
grees. Since then there has been plenty
of rain. There are freshets in the- river
to-day.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 23.— The Assembly tried to
meet to-day but failed, as every one ex
pected «It would. There was a call of the
House to secure a quorum, but that helped
matters but little. It was only to keep
the per diem going any way, so no one
was disappointed. It was Intended that if
a bare quorum could be obtained the sec
ond reading file should be taken up, and
scores of bills could be passed to third
reading if there were no objection. So
long as no rollcall is. demanded or ayes
and noes taken, the Speaker may remain
technically Ignorant of the lack of a quo
rum, but- it takes a quorum at least to
start a scheme of that kind and a quorum
was just what was lacking. The few who
did attend finally adjourned over to Mon
day.
ment Over Sunday.
Absence of Members Forces Adjourn-
she was so near losing and for whom she
fought so hard. These are announced as
the final changes to the last bill as sub
mitted.
ASSEMBLY LACKS A QTJOKTJM.
¦¦:..-¦. .- - ¦¦ -.-.t-. - . > ¦ . .....•.;..¦. ... ...... ¦.. .....-.¦.• , , ..¦.--..¦...-¦-¦¦.-:.>.•-¦¦.'•.¦
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 24j 1901.
Five Important Bills Remain to Be Disposed of and Mem
bers Manifest an Inclination to Waste Little Time in
Sending Them Up for the Governor's Signature
SESSION OF THE LEGISLATURE
TO LAST BUT TWO WEEKS MORE
15
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Among the many famous cures of Swamp-Root will do Just as muca roi
Swamp-Root Investigated by The Call any housewife whose back Is too weak tc
none seem to speak higher of the wonder- perform her necessary work, who la al-
ful curative properties of this srreat kM- ways tired and overwrought, -who feels
ney remedy than the one we publish this that the cares of life are more than ahe
week for the benefit of our readers. c an stand. It Is a boon to the weak and
"You have no Idea how well I feel. I am «at- aiUnS.
lsft?d that I do not need any more medicine, as
I am Jn as good health as I ever was In my » ijl Z^UJTLffp
life." So Bays Mrs. Mary Enjrelhardt of 2S35 /\*&&%&%£§5>^§i&&&
Madison street, St. Louis, Mo., to a reporter of /yf^^^^t "¦ 1< Is5'PnS£tW,
•Tor more than ten years I had suffered with / #JhkrP*£?^S&Aaiii&&^ >M ]?
what the doctors termed female trouble: also / rj¥&2 ''/2z?Z3&£^2!Z£illt2s* \T
heart trouble, with swelling of the fert and ( f IT , "^1 iiiTiiHW ill \\
limbs. Ls-t summer I felt po badly that I /#W,fi *i3?/it4!£E*ii2SS* \\
thought I hail not lone; to live. I consulted / U.~/*i\ -IJ& **C3B3Kc2pt \\
doctor after doctor and took their medicines. / n4t/'//2ZF^ • \ \
but felt no better. Ths physician." told me my Iti3ilil!^9 \
kidneys were not affected, and while I / 7?/Mr/53*^3 \
Did Not Know I Had P|f|
Kidney Trouble, ||'Wm J§£ '
I somehow felt certain my kidneys were the V|j] (MffiA" /
caue, of my trouble. A friend, recommended \V f "f%\V^^^^ /
me to try Dr. Kllm«r's Swamp- Root, and I \\ MvVv-5"""* 1^^* JL. //
must Bay I derived Immense benefit almost \ \ V^—Ji^^S i
from the first week. I continued the medl- fa.^^X&V'ii^ • •¦"^^"•ik'^SSSjter /
cir.e. takln* it regularly, and I am now in (K\ \^>Z~S'jft§i £**7 I
splendid health. The pains and aches have «!1 (&& %=S8B5Y s/^Zr<*-'* \JK9af7 /
gone. I have recommended Swamp-Root to all MSS. V«6S\-^»"v JS*-OKsse//
my friends, and told them what It has done «S»kX»K? •' S!>^~ '«S^y /
for me. I will gladly answer any one who der !^>» X)&r/
elre» to write me resardlng" my case. I most VS^^J^ks V mi l^^jr
heartily indorse Swamp-Root from every stand- > *-^°~ -~^.*'^
point There la «uch a pleasant tasts • to **^~
Swamp-Root, and it goes risht to the weak
spot» and drives them out of th« ¦ystem." MRS. MART ENGELHAJtDT.
MRS. MART EXGELHARTJT.
HOW td Pinfi Olif- It used to be considered that only urinary an<l
•V V, V/UL bladder troubles were to be traced to the kidneys,
IT Vrsil lVf'f^H but now modern science proves that nearly sUJ
¦ ¦ xvfui^w^U diseases have their beginning: in tha disorder o*
these most Important organs.
<„ thJ7 J T I r OOI ' # The kidneys filter and purify the blood-that
is ;neir work. So when your kidneys are weak or out of order you can understand
itsTdut y ° Ur entlre body ! " affected and how every orgran seems to fall to do
xrn If . y °o are slck or ¦ " f »«l badly" begin taking: the famous new discovery, I>r.
Kilmers Swamp- Root, because as soon as your kidneys are well they will help
all thft other oreans to health. A trial will convince any one.
Many women suffer untold misery because the nature of their disease is not
correctly understood. They ar« led to believe that womb trouble or femala weak-
ness of some sort Is resDonslble for tha many Ills that boset womankind.
iseuralgia, nervousness, hsadacha, puffy or dark circles under the eyes, rheu-
matism, a dragging pain or dull ache In the back, weakness or bearing down sen-
sation profuse or scanty supply of urine, with strong odor, freauent desire to pasa
It night or day, with scalding or burning sensation — these are all unmistakable
signs of kidney and bladder trouble.
If there is any doubt in your mind as to your condition tak© from your urln*
on rising about four ounces, place It in a glass or bottle and let It stand twentr-
four hours. If on examination It is milky or cloudy. If there Is a brickdust settling,
or If small particles float about In It. your kidneys are In need of Immediate atten-
tion. •
Other symptoms showing that you ne*d Swamp-Root are sleeplessness, dizzi-
ness, irregular heart, breathlessness, sallow, unhealthy complexion, plenty of am-
bition but no strength. •'
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and Is used In the leadlnjr hospitals, recom-
mended by physicians In their private practice, and Is taken by doctors themselves,
because they recognize In It the greatest and most successful remedy that sclenc»
has ever been able to compound.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root Is what you need you can pur-
chase the regular fifty-cent and one dollar bottles at the drug stores everywhere.
EDITORIAL iNOTICB. —Swamp-Root, the great Kidney. Liver and Bladder rem-
edy, is so remarkably successful that a special arranewment has been mada br
which all our readers who have not already tried it may have a sample bottle sent
absolutely free by mail. Also a book telling all about kidney and bladder troubles
and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters re-
ceived from men and wemen cured by Swamp-Root. Ba sure And mention readln?
this generous offer In the San Francisco Sunday Call when sending your address to
Dr. Kilmer & Co.. BlnKhamton. N. Y.
Swamp-Root will do Just as milch tor
any housewife whose back la too weak to
perform her necessary work, who la al-
ways tired and overwrought, -who feels
that the cares of life are more than dho
can stand. It la a boon to the weak and
ailing.
To Prove what SWAMP-ROOT will do for YOU,
Every Reader of Ths Call flay Have a Sample
Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail. •
TEST FOR YOURSELF
The Wonderful Curative Properties of Swamp-Root
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
Send Name and Address To-Day — You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
Trtcl Peckas* of the Remedy Mailed free
To Sbow How Easy It It To
Cure Drunkards.
Nothing oould fc» more flramatle or drreted
than the eisser la which Miss Edith WlUlama.
box IS, Waycesvllle. Ofclo. cured her drunken
father after years of misery, wretchedness aid
• 'iccet tinbearable cnSertng.
Used an Odorless and Tasteless Remedy
In His Food Quickly Curing Him
Without His Knowledge.
Mis3 Edith Williams Wants Every
Lady Reader of This Paper to Know
Hov She Saved Her Father.
Drunkards
Easily
Cured
"One corning father got up and e&id he was
hungry. This was a good sign, as he rarely ate
much breakfast. He went away and when he
came home at noon perfectly sober I was almost
frantic with Joy, as I hadn't seen him sober .or
half a cay before in over fourteen years. After
dinner he eat down in the big easy chair and
t«id. 'Keith. I don't know what has come over
me but I hate the eight and smell of liquor
and am gclr.g to etop drinking forever/ This
was tuo rcuch for me, acd I told him then what
I had <icne. Well, we both had a good cry. aacj
now we have the happiest home and the klud-
t-f-t father you can Imagine. I am so glad you
will publish this experience, for It will reach
rn8ny others and let them know about Jut
wonderful Golden Epeclnc"
Dr. Ililnes. the discoverer, will Bend a um- '
pie of ttls grand- remedy free to all who will
•write for It. Kr.ourh of the remedy is mailed
tree to show how it is used la tea, ccSeq or
food, tuid that It will cure the dreaded habit
quietly and permanently. Send your name and
adSrvfK to Dr. J. W. Halnes, STC Glenn Build-
ing. Cincinnati. Ohio, and he will mail a free
rarrple of the remedy to you, securely eealed In
a plain wrapper, a '.5o full directions how to us«
It. books ati 4 testimonials from hundreds who
have been cured, and everything needed to aid
you In saving those near and dear to you itr.-.n
m. life of degradation and ultimate poverty aud
8*nd for e free trial to-day. It trill brighten
the re*t of ycur life.
•'Tea, father is a reformed man," «he Bald,
"and our friends think It * miracle that I cured
him without his knowledge or consent. I had
read hew Mrs. Kate Lynch of J2S Ellis St., 6an
Francisco. Cal., had cured her husband by
using a remedy secretly In bis coffee and food
end I wrote to Dr. Halnes for a trial. When it
came I put tome In father' e coSee and food ail
vatcbed him closely, but he couldn't tell the
difference, ao I kert It up.
MIES EDITH WILLIAMS.
'j How any, man may quickly cure himself after
years of "Buffering ; from eexual weakness, lost
vitality, night 1 losses/ varlcocele/ etc.. and en-
large small -weak -organs to full size and vigor.
Elmply - send s your name and address to ', Dr.V I*.
XV.Z Knapp, ¦ 13TJ Hull ~ building, Detroit, ; Mich. ,
and | he will ! gladly : send . the free receipt with
lull directions so that any man may easily cure
hlmeelf at v home. This la certainly a" most
generous offer and the following extract* taken
from his dally > mail show what men think ! of
his generosity.' ' • ¦ . *. •;•
i'Dear Sir— Pleas* accept my sincere thanks
for. yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and . tho benefit ¦ has
'."Dear Sir— Tours was: received and I had no
trouble In making use of the receipt as directed
and can truthfully . say ¦ It ' la • a > boon to weak
men. ,,il am greatly Improved : In sUe, strength
and vljror.',',.;^' *;'"?• ¦ , .. -\-:-. ' ><¦..¦.
AH : correspondence Is itrictly confidential,
mailed •: in plain, sealed envelope. Th« receipt
Is free for the asking- ard he wants every man
to have • lUV ¦ ':' -.• - '¦¦ ¦- ¦ ¦ .
'.'Dear Slr^Tour method worked beautifully.'
Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
and ,- vigor/ have ¦ completely , returned and ' en-
largement ' Is entirely satisfactory."
been' extraordinary. ¦ It has completely braced
me up. I am Just as vigorous as when ; a boy
and you cannot realize how happy • I am." : -
L. W. KNAPP, M. D.
SANTA CBtTZ, F>b. 23— n«rs floated at ball
xriast ever ilafonlc 7Vrnr>le. tlie O<2<1 Kellowe'
building" and the school houses to-day out of
r»*pect to the memory of the late Dr. P. B.
Fagtn.
PRESIDENT'S CALL
FOR EXTRA S£SSION
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— The
President to-iay Issued a procla-
mation calling a. special session of
tbe Senate lor executive purposes
Immediately upon, the dissolution
of the present Congress— March 4.
The text of the proclamation is as
follows:
By the President of the United States
of America. A Proclamation.
Where**, public Interest* require that
the Senate of th« United States be
convened &i IT o'clock on the 4th day
of March next to receive such com-
muttcatiens as nay be made by the
executive; new. therefore. I. William
McKlnley, President of the United
Slates of America, do hereby proclaim
and derire that an extraordinary occa-
sion requires the Senate of the United
States to ccnver.e at the Capitol In the
city cf Washington, en the 4th day of
March rest, at 12 o'clock noon, of
which all persons who shall at that
tlir.e be entitled to act as members of
that body are hereby required to take
notice.
Given under my hand and the eeal
of the United States at Washington
the 2M Cay cf February. In the year of
Our Lord ISCI. and of the Independence
cf the Unite*! States the one hundred
a=d twenty-flxtb.
WILLIAM McKINLET.
By t>ie President:
JOHN HAT. Secretary of State.
The extra session of the Senate
la called In accordance with the
usual custom, for the purpose of
confirming Presidential nomina-
tions.
IernAT can be consulted dally from 10
a sa. to 5 p. in. at her office. 1148 Market
•treet, two doors below Weinstock & Lu-
bin's.
Doci't let any foolish sentiment prevent
jrou from finding out what the future
tolfis In store for you. Forewarned Is
forearmed. What Ismar has done for
ethers she can c"o for you. Her readings
*re private and «onndentlaL
If you are constantly pursued by 111 luck
and tflsappointirser.t In all your undertak-
Ing-s there Is a cause for it. Ismar, the
celebrated Egyptian seeress, whose mar-
velous gift cf foresight has made her the
wonder of the aye. is eminently fitted to
*tv« you the correct advice as to the
proper course to pursue.
•There It a tlda in the affairs of men
•whlcli. taken at the flood, leads on to for-
tune and success; neglected, all your lives
are bound In shadows and in miseries."
This Is true of every man or woman in
whatevef walk of lire, and whether It be
business or dotnestic affairs, speculations,
charges, sickness, love, marriage or di-
vorce, there is a ripht and a wronjc path
¦which will or will not bring about the de-
Bired results.
KNOW YOUR
FATE!
ISMAR THE GYPSY.
Mr. D. F. Collins of Garnett. says: '1
commenced using the Pyramid Pile Cure
at a time when my case was bad. I
thought nothing could cure it. but before
I had used a 50-cent package I began to
feel much better, and now I can honestly
say I am entirely cured. It is the quick-
est and surest remedy I have ever tried
or beard of."
From Thomas Willson of Port Jarvis:
"Just one package of the Pyramid Plla
Cure did wonders for. me, and I lose no
opportunity of recommending such a rem-
edy."
Amos Crocker of "Worcester: "After
having gone through an unsuccessful sur-
gical operation for piles and after trying
any number of salves and ointments
without success It is no wonder that I can
find words of praise for the Pyramid Pile
Cure. One package did me more good
than all the remedies I had tried before.
It Is so simple and painless to use that I
felt ;no inconvenience whatever while
using It.".
It has been thoroughly tested by physi-
cians in every State In the Union, and the
best authorities recognize It as the safest.
surest and cheapest pile cure known.
The Pyramid Pile Cure cures every form
cf piles. Itching, protruding or bleedlns.
without a particle of pain.
It cures without . detention from dally
occupation, being In suppository form and
used at night. ,
i Its effects aro lasting and not merely
temporary relief.
More than all this, the Pyramid Plla
I Cure is entirely harmless, containing no
i opiate, narcptios or mineral poisons, and
cannot harm the most delicate.
Druggists everywhere sell It and report
universal eatlaf action wherever used.
A little book on cause and cure of piles
will be mailed free bv addressing tha
Pyramid Dru; Co.. Marshall. Mich.
A Pile Remedy Which. Keally Cares.
QUICK AND SURE
2>B. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT. .
TETM-AT^
ADVERTISEMENTS*
MRS. MART ENGELRARDT.
/\ TYVFrrVl 1 1 KTriWRTXTH,are' reports from various counties:
San Luis Oblspo County— All conditions
are favorable for good crops. ' Plowing
has been- resumed. . . '
Ventura County— Feed Is up and doing
well. It can mature on the rainfall al
ready received. Barley is thrifty and
pasture abundant. * ' ¦'
Los Angeles County— Grain and grass
are growing finely and the soil Is ln.flne
condition. Deciduous buds are'commenc
ing to swell. A large acreage of berries
is being pldnted near Gardena. Citrus
fruits and vegetables are abundant and
fine quality. ' '
San Bernardino County— Pasture is good
and grain is doing well. . The prospects
could not be better for a bountiful har
vest. Orange shipments are lively.
Riverside County— Crop conditions are
favorable and. the weather is fine for pick
ing and hauling oranges and lemons.
Orange County— Oranges are moving
freely. Grass and grain are growing
finely. *' Farmers are ptilt sowing .barley.
Large shipments of colery are being made
daily. More rain is indicated.
• Kern County— A light rain began falling
about 2 o'clock this afternoo'h, the pre-
! ,NAPA, Feb. 25.— Elghty-fiY© hunfiredths
of t an a inch - of i rain r f ell s.' here last night.
The season's total rainfall is 21 inches.
- MART8VILLE, Feb." 23.— The Tuba Riv
er at - Marysville has dropped fourteen
inches in' the last twenty-four hours. The
Feather at Tuba City receded eight inches
in the last twelve hours and is • reported
falling fifteen miles north of this city. The
weather is /threatening.; but
raina can . hardly . create excessive flood
conditions. 1 as »H of the topgnow In the
mountains has comedown, and that un
derneath is heavily packed.^ -¦ "= ¦¦',
MILTON, Feb.' 28.— During the first
twelve hours of to-day nearly two inches
of ¦ rain fell here and streams < are over
flowing. ¦* The Calaveras is higher thait at
any time 'during, the season and la. dis
charging water into Mormon filough at ft
rate that threatens Stockton with inun
dation. . Many of the streams are now im
passable at the usual fording places. ¦ The
ground is so completely saturated that all
the water that now falls must be carried
off by the. streams. •• ' - •¦•:, ,.
LODI, Feb. 23.— Great anxiety is felt at
Woodbrldpe, two miles from hero, for the
safety of the bulkhead and levee built last
fall at- that place preparatory • to putting
In a stone dam across the Mokelumne.
The river is up to dangerous high water
mark and on the rise. During the week
about sixty feet of the new levee began to
settle and give way before the pressure
of tho water, And' onlyrthe hard work, of
Surveyor Atheton and a gang of twenty
five men saved the big. earthen structure.'
They constructed a strong coffer dam of
brush and sacks of sand across the weak
ened portion, and by throwing off tho
strength of the current saved It from go
ing out. The hcavyt warm rain continuing
all last night will bring the Mokelumne
up to a dangerous point, owing to the
wow melting In. the Sierra*, and this
morning advices from Woodbrldge were
to the effect that It was feared the levee
would go out and the west bulkhead along
with It as soon as the flood .waters from
the mountains reached that point.
SAN DTEGO, Feb. 23.— The : conditions
are favorable for settled weather for some
time to come.' Last fogs have prevailed
for tho past few nights, but these are dis
pelled shortly after sunrise, leaving a
cloudless sky for the remainder of the
day. Under these conditions, and with an
abundance of rain that has fallen . this
season, the crops are in excellent condi
tion. The growth during the last two
weeks has been phenomenal, and as many
hundreds of acres of new land has been
planted -this season the total hay and
grain crop gives every promise at present
of being the largest in the history of San
Diego County 2 . The fruit crop also prom
ises to exceed those of all previous years.
Snow melting on the mountains Is stead
ily added to the water stored in the moun
tain reservoirs, and there Is, sufficient al
ready impounded to. Insure necessary Irri
gation for tho coming summer, s
SAN JOSE, Feb. 23.— The weather here
during the past week has been a literal
alternation of sunshine and\ showers.
Since last Sunday there -has been : rain,
followed by bright «aim weather in every
twenty-four hours. The precipitation be
tween 12. o'clock last night and 9 o'clock
this evening was .05 of an inch; for the
week 2.36 and for tha season 17.22, against
10.S9 to'this date and 15.11' for the whole
of last season. At some points in the val
ley the rainfall has baen much greater
than in San Jose, notably at Los Gatos,
where upward of 23 inches have ' fallen.
Everywhere, however, moisture is abund
ant. In so far as it Is possible to esti
mate at this season crop prospects are
better than they have been for flve years.
FRESNO, Feb, 2J.-Such wet weather
has not been seen in Fresno in many
years, though old residents say that these
frequent alternations of short rains and
cloudy and foggy period have been
known i before. Tl»e rainfall up to the
present time is a fraction less than ten
Inches, two inches more than the average
for the year. Floods are reported from
the west side of tho valley greater than
have been seen in years and the rains
there have to soma extent affected the
work, on oil claims. ' .. . ; - s.-.
cipltatlon 'being slight. The rains of the
past. few days have done much good in
this country. Farmers feel overjoyed and
declare that crop prospects are better now
than they have been at any time during
the past four or flve years.
STOCKTON. Feb. 2S.— This will b« a
eight of anxiety for those having fortunes
e.t stake ln the crops on the reclaimed
Island and the lowlands below Stockton.
The San Joaquln and tributaries, includ
ing Old River, are rising rapidly. The
water gauge at the San Joaquin bridge
*hows the highest rise in eight yeair.
There is nearly eighteen fee* of water
there. Reports from the foothills tell of
heavy rains and melting snow, which will
reach here by to-morrow morning. • Last
right's rain was heavy and is calculated
to send down a terrific volume of water.
The charnels, which were falling yester
£ay. are again rising at the rate of nearly
an Jnch an hour, but Stockton stands in
no danger as yet. The favorable situa
tion thus far is due to the cut-off made at
the Junction of the Stockton channel and
th<=- San Joaquln River, whereby the con
veying waters are given a straight fhoot
forward. Heretofore the San Joaquln
Ftruck the channel on an angle, stopping
th« outlet, and. in cases of high water, so
corgest^.ig, the volume between the two
Island levees as to throw it up the channel
and back to Stockton. The only question
to-night is whether the river will continue
on Its good behavior.
It is reported to-day that Staten Island
was in danger of being flooded. The- wa
ter was near the top of the levee, which
tnreateened to give way at any time. The
levee is being patroled by men with
shovels.
A telephone message from Linden at 3
o'clock this afternoon said that the water
was rising very rapidly there and some
high water wa? looked for by to-night or
to-morrow, as it was raining in the hills.
A big force of men is working on the
grade between Linden and Bellota. which
is in danger of washing out and flooding
much territory 1 .
The breaks in the levees near French
Camp and on the West Side have not been
closed and water continues to pour in on
big areas of grain. A telephone message
from Grayson to-day states that the
water In the San Joaquin River at that
point is higher than it has been
in many years. Grayson is about • 100
miles up the river from this citly. On the
West Side it rainod an inch and a quarter
in a few hours last night and it rained
Special Dispatch to The Call.
heavily all day. The rain ln this city last
night was exceptionally heavy and per
sistent and at 9 o'clock this morning the
fall amounted to 1.02 inches, making 4.83
inches for the month thus. far and 13.46
Inches for the season to date, against 11
inches for tho corresponding period last
season. . . >
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 23.-Rain fell in
this vicinity all last night, followed by
showers to-day, including a short thun
derstorm. The rainfall for the season
is now close on seventeen inches, or near
ly four inches more than at the same date
last year. The river is well up, being
twenty-six feet nine Inches. Should it
rise another foot it probably will run
over the Yolo levees in low places, as it
has often done ln years past, and if the
San Joaquln remains high the water may
back up about the Islands down near the
mouth of the river and cause trouble.
IX)S ANGELES, Feb. 23.— Reports from
all sections in Southern California indi
cate bcuntiful crops this season. South
ern California Buffered from drouth for
four seasons, but at intervals for the
past month rain has fallen copiously, in
suring a prosperous season. Following
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AND ITS TRIBUTARIES ARE RISING RAPIDLY
AND FLOOD THREATENS RECLAIMED ISLAND AND THE LOWLANDS
I/>S Ji ANGELES. Feb. 23.— Never has
Los Angeles witnessed so Impressive a
scene as that which marked the burial to
day of Its most honored son, Stephen Mal
lory White. :. Two thousand persons
thronged St. Vlblana'd Cathedral > at 9
o'clock this moraine to pay their last
tribute to the man whose whole life and
energies had been spent in the State cf
Special Dispatch to The Call.
his birth." Far up Main street, down which
the funeral cortege camc.'the curbs , were
lioed i with those .who wished 'to see — and
mourn. v ,: ;
:This, Indeed, was a gathering of the
strong men \ of California — the leaders . in
every •department of the State's activity,
and the singing of the mass and all tho
somber ritual, the pomp and ceremony
Vast Throng Mourns at^the "Bier of the Dead Statesman
and With Impressive Rites I His Body Is Consigned
ini New Calvary Cemetery
with which .th« burial of so arreat a son
of the church as Stepncn M. White must
needs be layested, aJl added to the im
pressive dignity of the occasion.
At 8 o'clock the men who had been
named to act as honorary pallbearers b«
pan to arrive at the tioaa man's bom*,
•ihey were so many chat the house, large
as it is, could not contain them. A fsw
were irrouped in the parlors, but the iir,*
jwally extended down the lensth of the
piazza, out on the sidewalk and into the
streets. The very flower of the cltUeniy
or Los Angeles was Included ln this array
or pallbearers. Judges. Senators, editors,
merchant princes, litterateurs— the slants
of law and letters, business and politics—
were proud to be called upon as friendly
¦ervltors on this occasion.
Governor Gage was of this gathering.
As he took hU first look at, the features
of hi* comrade ln his coffln. tears were
ln bis eyes. He came aion* to the resi
dence, having traveled from San Fran
cisco-south with Mayor Phelan and the
following members of the Legislature:
Senators Ashe. Sims ana Curtin; Speaker
Pendleton of the Assembly. and Assembly
men Anderson, Melick. Scnilllg, Guflfoyle,
James, Cowan and Carter. Judge J. G.
Maguire and Hon. M. F. Tarney, lifelong
friends of Senator White, were with Gov
ernor Gaee.
These men, with a legion of their fellow
pallbearers, were grouped about the homa
of the dead man when Vicar General Har
nett stepped to the foot of the coffln and
read a prayer, and directed the transfer
of the body from the parlor to the hearse.
In the procession to t£e cathedral mem
bers of the Los Ang<jies Bar Association
followed the pallbearers and then came tho
Native Sons of the citv. The Newman
Club, which had charge of the funeral,
followed, and after this club were the
family and friends in carriages. The pro
cession was many blocks ln lenirth. It
moved with stately, .solemn tread to the
cathedral, reaching the place at 10:05
o'clock.
Inside the cathedral busy hands were
at work arranging floral offerings, which
came so fast and In such profusion that
soon every nook, corner and crevice of the
altar and ratlins were in use. Among the
many brought direct to the church was
an immense broken pillar of white roses
and carnations, nearly eight feet high,
surmounted by a vrhite dove, with out- '
stretched wings. Down the pillar in im
mortelles was the inscription "Democracy
Honors. Our Steve." The Free Harbor
League sent a large broken wheel of pink
carnations with spokes of violets. From
the Los Angeles Bar Association came a
scroll of violets and smllax. The .Chinese
merchants presented their tribute ln the
shape of a large cross of white carna
tions and' violets. Ramona Parlor. Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, sent a large
anchor of ferns, smilax and white roses,
resting on a stand of smilax. The Cham
ber of Commerce sent a wreath. T. E.
Gibbon a white cross, the Terminal Rail
way, a violet anchor.
On arrival at the church Vicar General
Harnett, accompanied by two acolytes,
led through the rates, followed by the
honorary pallbearers. These were led by
Major General Harrison Gray Otis and
Senator M. Murphy of New York.
As the casket reached the door it was
placed on a catafalque and, headed by
the active pallbearers, wan drawn into
place near the altar rail. Following the
casket came the family, Mrs. White being
assisted by her son Will, the Senator's
brother and wife following. . ..
As the casket was being carried along
the aisle the choir sang a Gregorian
chant. Bishop Montgomery then cele
brated the requiem, mass. As Verdi's
music pealed forth the crowd pressed in.
Every Inch of space was utilized until
there was a solid muss of people reach
ing to the street. Bishop Montgomery
was assisted by Vicar General Father
Hartnett, assistant priest: Fathers Linn
and Victor, deacons of honor; Father
Murphy, deacon; Father Moloney, master
of ceremonies. .
The absolution given. Vicar General
Hartnett accompanied by the acolytes,
beaded the procession back to the street.
Ramona Parlor. Native Sons of the
Golden West, headed the funeral cortega.
in command of the marshal. Lieutenant
George E. McKee'oy. Next came car
riages with Governor Gage. James G.
Magulre. Mayor Pheian and M. F. Tar
pey. The pallbearers followed fn car
riages; then came the hearse and the car
riages bearing tho family. The march
was to New Calvary Cemetery, where the
burial service was read by Vicar Gen
eral Father Harnett and chanted by a
choir of priests.
Mayor Phelan has written a letter to
Mayor Snyder offering $2oflO toward a
White memorial ami committees will at
once be organized to receive subscriptions
and formulate a fitting plan.
Schwan Retires.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 23.— Brigadier
General Theodore Schwan has been placed
on the retired list on his own application
under the forty years' service clause.
. President McKlnley's two bay coach
horses, just purchased ln Ohio, cost him
$1000 apiece. "..;!.,
CALIFORNIANS PAY LAST TRIBUTE
TO STEPHEN M. WHITES MEMORY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY .24, 1901.
16
THE MEW BABY
Opens up a new world to the loving
mother. If it is a strong, healthy baby
that new world is a worla of happiness.
If it is a weak, f retful , child the new
world is full of anxiety. It has been
proven in thousands of eases, that the
use of Dr. ..Pierce'a Favorite Prescrip-
tion makes all the difference between
strength and weakness in children.
Healthy, happy mothers have healthy,
happy children. w Favorite. Prescrip-
tion " £ives the mother strength to give
h€r child. It makes the baby's advjnt
practically painless and promotes the
secretion of the nourishment necessary
to the healthful feeding of the nursing
child. -
PR1NTWO.
E.C.BDCHES.- wfcSSgJTffa,.
' •' PRINTERS. BOO BINDERS.
TBS HICKS- JUDD CO..
. . . . - n ftrn «t.. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T.lerraphia PARTRIDGE *'^2^*
• BUCHANAN' BROS. '
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
PDTTGUl?Q r0R BARBBH3. BAK-
brewers. " bookbinders, candy-makers, caiuwrj,
dyers. . flourmllU. . foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers.. painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc . ,
A POOR BREAKFAST.
Very Few People rat a Good Break-
"All I want for breakfast la a roll caj
a cup of eoffee." . . .
This remark Is heard not only In hotels,
restaurants ancj lunch rooms, bat It Is tna
usual breakfast order la the home circle
as well. After a twelve hours' fast it
would seem that the first nseal of the
day should be a hearty.' substantial one.
and if w« all lived natural, umrtiflclal
lives. It would b# »o. but none cf us do,
hence breakfast is a mer» pretense.
Says a latter-day philosopher: "During
many years of active business life. I never
remember having eat«n a gooa, substan-
tial breakfast, but suppose^ it was of »»
importance until I began to I039 appetite
for lunch and dinnrr.
"My physician tol<l me 1 waa a victim of
nervous dyspepsia ajn<l must take rest and
recreation, as no medicine would reach
the trouble, but this advje» I eoufcl sot
follow, as my business affairs would nnt
permit it. and to eat r*>li»f I r»sorte«S to
medicines and pre3crlnt!oC3. and it was
purely aeeKJejitaJ that I hit upon on© rem-
edy which aid the business. While in a
drug store one «j\f nlrts I noticed a number
of p>op!# buylnjr Stuart'* Dyspepsia Tab-
lets, a wide'y advertised preparation fqs;
stomach treubles. and tho force of ex-
ample was too much for me and I bougat
a fifty-cent package.
"I took a tablet or two after each meal.
and In a week my appetite picked up. I
began to feel my old ambition for work
returning and could cat a good breakfast
because I wanted it. and from that tlma
to this I take Stuart's Dyspepsia Tableta
as rejrularly as I take my meals, net be-
cause I now have «ny trouble with my
stomach, but because I don't want to
have.
"A fifty-cent box of Stuart's Tablet*
will last me a month and keep my diges-
tion ln pood order, and I know of no bet-
ter Investment a business man can make."*
COPPERSMITH.
f W SMv Plumbing. Steamboat aad.
V- IT • Ofll 1 1 11 g n jp Work a specialty. M and
18 'Washlnsrton st. Teleohone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS; .
JAS.BOYES&CO. fgg%F&rn>F
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J C W1I & C(\ *» Battery Street.
«I'V- niLOUll a tU-t Telephone Mala U*4>
on Application.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
Dfi. HILL'S REINYIGOmOBpspgi
Five hundred reward for any flJfiJP'TfiiS
case we cannot cure. ThU secret mSSM mMS
remedy etop» all losses In 24 hours. . B a
cures Emissions. Impotency, Varl- f ¦fifi
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. f?"f1 p*frt1
Strictures. Lost Manhcod and all ULjil liJUJ
wasting elTects of »«lf-abuse or lEIJvi
excesses. Sent sealed. 12 bottle; 3 h iisWi Ttw *TJB
bottlea, $5: guaranteed t» cure any caae. Ad-
dress {HALL'S MEDICAI* INSTITUTE. S55
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073',
Market et. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book. .
£6«n Francisco, Deo. 24. 1900.
To all whom it may concern:
la December. ISM, I was tak-
en tick with Black Typhoid
Fever. ¦ the most Tlrulent typ*
known to medical science. I
had nemorrnagea, both nasal
and intestinal, eight of th«
latter occurrlne ln on« day.
pr: wonj Woo. the eminent
Chinese physician, was called, and with on*
dose of his tea stopped the Cow of blood, there-
by savlnir ray life, as I had been given up by
my white physician, aa well as by all my
friends. "Waa unconscious four weeks, but by Dr.
Wens Vl'oo's wonderful skill ha aaved my llf »
from this most fatal of all fevers. ATthOB«^i I
was coaflned to ray bed three months, waa
able to resume my vocation In six months
from the time I went to bed. and now I
welsh 2G2 pounds, more than I had ever at-
tained previously. I would cheerfully recom-
mend Dr. Wane Woo to any one in need of a
first-claas physician for any cause whatsoever.
—RALPH N. FOLKS. 315 Goidea Gate ave..
San Francisco. Cat
oa. wono woo m un> ex&b SAaiTASiini.
781-788 CLAT 8THSET.
wtrr OR. JORDAN'S omit
MUSEUM OF ARATOHY
rg uaiuszn ss. t*t e&x?x sj.ul
xSF Tk«LarnstAa*toBlcst Mosamafaitbe
.<y-, WMtd. V»««^ti«»h» or any contracted
ffgara di«eaM bw«JU-»«»t aiiiwl ny tke oldau
I Si Ui bptOMlist ca tot Cettt. Eu. ji yaws.
A?£?l OR. J0MAM-PSJYAT2 DISEASES
?t43fea LesraHatlc* fr» tad ttrietW privmla.
I jSs57 S Ti» unon {wnoaally or by Ut:sr. A
¦ TOM Jmjmt ftrtli «rty csaeMBdCTtaken.
mB Us» Wrhmtor 8«k.»n«l.O»O*»Tf«X
¦ ff nm MAstatiAaa. uajlmo num. <A
H jL' . *tlu«M« soak foe mnt
DB. JbBQAX * €'•.. lOCt Market St.. a 5".
Guaranteed correct and b«at quality.
Oculists" prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala IX
642 Market St. imsirumchtj
uhoi" Ortwwat Bwtow6. CaTAICQUC FfttE.
Broken
Eyeglass
ijKBMmm replaced for BO cents.
Any Asttgrmatlc lenses duplicated for 91.00
and 91.6O.
eONE PIIDITC
BOTTLE lUKES
MCBURNEY'S
k'i'Hnov 11 " 1 Sladdtr
MQIieycURB
A thoronsh raze iar
pains in the baci,
BRIGHT'S DISEASE.
female troubles, incon-
tinence Of urine, brick dost deposits, bed-
wetting of children, gravel, gall sumes,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SAXK AT
THE OXTL. DRUQ CO.. U2S Market st..
ANI> AT
DAHLBENDEK DRUG (XX, «4 Kearny st.
Send 25c ln 2c sUmps to W. F. McBurney.
41$ 8. Sprlns si.. Loa Anireles, Cal.. for 5
day's treatment. Prepaid {1 50. DruKartats.
IMMENSE SALE OF ¦':&
I EMBROIDERIES & VALENCIENNES LACES]
75,oco yards of new. fine Embroideries and Valenciennes Laces s:o. on sale; commencinR to-morrow, «t a
•p: tremendous sacrifice. The prettiest and daintiest patterns in the choicest and newest effects in edjrinjrs and'in- :^
g- scrtions are represented in this enormous purchase. It would be iraoossible for us, to offer you these grand values
g- but for the fact that we closed on: at a great discount part of the immense stock of a leadina: New York" im- 3
y = porter (recently retired from business). Lack of space permits but a few items.
— fr<- YARD — 4900 r»rda Kmbroldery E<5rln»s. neat patten.^. IfCr» DOZEN— 600 dozen Valenet«nn«s Laeos; Mtt Mtt«»; .. j^
5^ UV wlflth I to 3 Inches; worth mfce. 1OW worth 23o doien.
fc IOC TA ,^T^ 7 f Tia o iV n i ! i Ba {? B ?"wJJlir»2. U * lltsr * IQr DOZEN-500 dozen Valenctennea Ijvx*. ln very nrettr 3
1 VW well finished mige*; width 2 to 6 Inches; worth 20c. lUC patterns- worth 25c doien. US
I5C S^^tSSU^i^^i^wJdefwSSn S&f 111 *' "•"*• Q 4C DOZEN- 1000 dozen Valenciennes 1^^. new effecU: 3
fc OEZr* TAUD-6000 yards finest <raallty Cambric Edging, th« -*«TV/ worth 40o dozen. -
•4s»- AOW prettiest patterns ever ahown; width 4 to » Inches. QC r DOZEN — 1000 doien extra fine quality Taletielenn«a
**•- worth 50c. OUw Laces.' ln very choice patterns; north 60c doxen. . —m
THE GREAT BLACK SILK SALE CONTINUED. 3
y* A m<^norable ev«»nt that will eclipse any effort ever made In value-giving. For the reliable guaranteed quality Black Bilk ther« -m
r*~ lc no place -like LJvlngMon'B. . -~+
SH AQr TARD for the regular S5c quality: QQ r TARD for $1.10 quality Peau de MC«/ R| AHtf If RRFNADIHES.
g- OOC i« inchea »1de; a euarante* go** OiJC Bole; 20 Inches wide; a silk of a » c " DLAVP. OIL* OnCllHUIRt*
2I_ *^th every yard. rich luster.- Kashlon has accepted them a« *n« of th»
••— . popular materials for the coming season.
•^ "~~ """""" Th«» choicent styles in atrlpeB and checks,
JJT CkrS~ TARD for the regular IU5 qua!- Cl-19 TARD for the (t» quality Pea.u ln pu !a% B oo' gVoo^o JlJUS** yard.
ZZ1 **«>C ity; 2S Inches wide; also Kuaran- 5> I de Sole: 21 lnche. wide; a heavy. »*»•««. y^.OO to fl^O • 7*™-
S= teed - «ood wearlna- Bilk. «nBI»l!l! W«e>h Clllro *» pleees >Mt =^
aw • < OpGCIal — fiaSM OURS quality Japanese tSL
•^ . Waeh BUks. ln pretty .triped and
a£Z C 1 - 1 * TART> for tie regular n.S9 <roal- C 1 r '» TARD for the regular $2 Peau de checked corded effect*, in colnra ef light
«Tr **> l Ity; J6 Inches «1Se: aiasnlficent O" Sole; 22 Inches wide; extra heavy blue. pink, lavender and white. ARc *"¦•
g7_ dress «tnt; guarantee every yard. and very lustrous. Special yard T^vW —^
g THE WHITE GOODS SALE UNEQUALED. 3
m— Seeena w^k of that famwuB Whltt Goods Sale. A saving event that is always looked forward to by shrewd •hopper*, "^
y— WHITE ORGANDT. INDIA. LINOX. NAUCSOOK. DIStlTIES and many other new weaves ln this special offering. -3
•— Or» TARO—«8-lnch Cambric Lona; Cloth. I O A r> TARE*— «-lnch nne 'CT'hlte Swiss flOs* TARD— Fine White Irish Dimities. *^5
OW worth UHc jBi~±\* Organdy, the kind you pay else- Ic7^ in pretty corded effecU; regular -¦*
•5- |Q r TARD-Wblt* India, Llnon, the «Sc , value 25c yard.
•*'•' most favored cloth for ehlldren'a OQ r TARD— 70-lnch "VThite rreneh Or- « A TARD— White Nalntook. a aoft "ZSL
•— Creeses; worth 20e yard. JmiJ\* gandy. very fine; the regular 40c I^f-C and yet substanUal quality; regu- _^Z
ST: lQ r TAJtD— IVrelan Lawn. SI Inches Quality. i ar value 20c.
•T" "CrV» wide, very sheer make; worth ZSc. QQ r TARD— French Organdy. 70 inches -B-itjr»_r>,»rV^ ¦«<• «tr«B*fl Xaln- -^1
S! 16c 0 ** •« • - sSS^ffi'aS. Bhwr cloth: V^rS^\S6^W& 3
IUW perlor make; worth 25c yard. regular, value 50c gtylet . regular va , ue oq,,
NFW IQni V/A^H FlRRlP^ BLACK GOODS SPECIAL =3|
WtW irrtiKb ISUI Ymn tAbRICS. extraor(1Inary Bargain Event that TUir, eDC»T 9PFP1IK - 3
¦p Xever before have we been «o bountifully ,rin mi this department with eager buyers. ' I ft U OfttAI CrCUIALd "^
St= T^eparM to meet every demand in Spring For Monday and Tuesday only. ,„ , im -, ... n oll „ IIUI . T . =5
S«MX WM " oar $!.on cheiiot S^fe^^I »S2 IN W03L m SILK WAISTS - : 2
ap: Two Creat Offerings for CQn V*rr\ wool, sponged and shrunk: For Monday's and Tuesday's selling we — «
«•— Mondav and Tuesday D3U our social price because Place on wile two i lets of Silh .and Wool ;-•
Si= „ *. ,.~ lUeSCJay. we closed out a big lot under price. Waists which will be bought upvery
¦*}£* nfmHJce 4W Pieces Imported Irish *. -, r n j i h. r n , n^ h «,»„ «„« readily, as we have never offered such _-<»
»= {?* UlinilieS Dimities direct from Bel- S .75 BTOadC lOlh all wort nin?k wonderful waist bargains before. . =^
£= l5cY3rd. iT^i^t aSiS. qu D 'ii I a t r; S 18 Yard a?Sdci«h " pSni 0^- Aft ftft kach-a clearing UP or nn. 3
5= of nolka dots etriSed^Sid S' -#!?*/ * ° • - ' lsh - with a rich luster; V 1 } QR French Flannel Waists. They
•^ fn Pink S Red vile? ilvSnder" £?* rw f ular value « 73 a J' ard - Forfl»l.n» iN/ • jfi are made in latest styles in
y Ui.; vaiue '5<L Fo'r Montor «d IK Mcnday and Tuesday only...Tard <!> 1 WfclWW hemstltch , ns and tucking.- with =3
ZZ Tifesday Mir Monday and JQq Blahop sleeves: several styles; ln Red. 12
fc= ,« «f r^ * ~ "• ', B "y W r«f •II U/nn! AIRATRnC^ How. Navy and Black. Regular S4 SO and 3
n 10c Binjiiams sr SSdFS*?. %S KEW A ;t «!?.„„ ? ATR0SS w va!ues - 3
MondaV 7fi Yflfd yards *°° d 53.50 SUIT. Af . ftft EACH-A new Una of the
iSiUIIUOJ Ib ICIU. American Zephyr Do not delay in purchasing this, favorite V h I III be8 t *5 Silk Waists ln the — g
Gingham, the very latent «yle* in stripes material for Dresses. Tea Gowns or Waists. 1Q1J1IJU clt y: made of best Taffeta — «¦
51_ »n<J check?. In colors of Pink, Light Blue. It Is the best quality ever offered for the W"«*w g ,, k> hemstitched and tucked —^
•b»- Red and Gray; warranted fa^t colors; money. In colors of Pink. Light Blue, all over, new Bishop fleeves: in colors of 1^
2|* the regular 10c quality. For Mon- 7 r Rose. Gray. Lavender, Reseda, Bluet. Nile. Ldght Blue, Pink, Rose, Reseda and White; _^»
mSZ flay Tard 4 C Cardinal. Tan. Navy. Cream and Black. I sizes 32 to 44. t -+
V A SALE OF SAMPLE SILK DRESS SKIRTS. f" =§
We offer to-morrow about 300 sample Silk Dress Skirts, spring 1901 styles. They represent the sample. =3S
g- lines made for us bv several leading manufacturers of New York from which to select our sprine line. We
g^~ are through with them now and will offer the entire line from Xi i-."\ to 50 per cent less than rescular sellinjar
prices. Don't miss this jrreat opportunity to buy real swell styles at a very low price. ~3g
fe/ t~ ! , 3
For Monday Only. country orders receive prompt attention. Children's 25c Hose
S»~ %\ 55 GIovbs —————— ———^—— ———
*^^™ f9 -~ A .^af^sa, "* !0v H I Ul I ¦ .^r*
Cflf* 0*»f% O D***r ¦n^^ssstfdalH s¥
f»p fclood find Rlaok. " __^tffn^^ n t* *^^
2^ glove department. Roglllar ValU© —^»
ADVEBTISHBCENTaw -
ST. sJ^SS^
OILS. -
X.UBRICATTOO OILS. LEONARD 4 KUiI9»
41S Front at.. 8. V. Phoaa Uata mx
Dr. Pierce'a Common Sense Medical
Adviser, .in paper covers, sent free on
receipt of ;u ' one-cent " stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V." Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. , .
• "... .' *. ,. -<'.~:-ar.z-r;?yA
"IhaTefcien using Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
acriptioa and can say it is just what you adver-
tise it to be." writes Mrs. Victor J. Hadin, of
LeouardsviHe, Rilcy Co.. Kansas, "I began
taking it ju*t two months before baby came
aad vas sreatly benefited bv ita use. Tat doc-
tor who attended me said I did about as \reU as
any one be had seen (as I was sick only about
three houmr), an* also that your ' Favorite Pre-
scription' nas 'one patent medldne 1 whieh he
did have faith in. We row have a darlinr baby
boy, strong and healthy, who weighed niae
pounds when bora. Dunne this month he has
gained three aad one-half ponnds. Have never
given him one dose of mecldne."
fast
R^HnH t r * . ».*^U VtSsn^UHfl^^v* / flEaaFBssGKUKtBisnflUl
All ages hail v/ith delight the coming of the most wonderful, meritorious preparation that will lighten the ills
of humanity and will do away with the taking of obnoxious, violent purges, inconvenient liquids, and pills that tear
your life out. Simply because in CASCARETS Candy Cathartic you will find Just what you want, convenient in
form, pleasant of taste (just like candy) and of never-failing remedial action. They have found a place in millions
of homes, and are the favorite medicine of the whole family, from baby to good old grandpa. , . V
Dont loo footed vuith substitutes for CASCARETS!
tent * respite.— Cincui-«n Enquirer. at ... • - . ¦ >
De « I takeylearans In praldnf nUt vala- shrv
jdffiSKr idfSftwxSBSagk \9K^bV B »»»I«> remodir CASCARETS. t ntfaf wbol« m j--
£&£&§& WSb!^ K^^^ (Urt flDd a pl*i« In every home. Yoors lor ioomm.* pho*
»«<I < i^2. A uZi E 55L2! O^' IT JP K •njMr.r.l tn>«hl^ «»p«Klrifli, Mllonsa'e^, OXJ A ttAJfTEK» TO CTTKKt «?• nan<'af*' t*« fln« kn CA.»- ¦
KiiJrh? i--i!t2-.i ' • '^^ °" f h " iJoMth, blmte< towel*, f»«l Konth. CAKITIvmkIc. JTow ItltaMritc BHUlm keset a r*»r, mater thnanVy
JKf,":^** rf ?JfiT.tJ!22: p «^ ** »•"•¦• «n«-i- r««lB«. 11% cr tr«Dl>l<s .mllow coma- ¦Imllor aaedlcla* la U>« wort4. Thla la «b*olDt« mroit of £reavtm«rtsT »5«l
ViS.»n!i'«.«» iiTi" r-nr boW{ -. u "loai n»»ve re^ulorir yon art *arl>rsi testimonial. Vfm hmv fttltfc, m? will tell CASciftKTB ab«*lWt«lr
?T iV « C JJ,. »»- ?-- * V^ l i?i. k i "" f?° * r*°v}r ,">«n nil ath«r dl«Hi M to»ether. sruaracterd to care or io.ry rvfnaded. CU» bnx trndrnj. tw* Sk> box«». irTr*
Iril4^«^j. VI li.r. h n 'f a"™*o{» nod lona vonro .f iafTer)»S thft » «•«"• ihrm n ftilr,b«ne.ttrt»l, »• per simple rftrvrtlon*, +n™ltjZu u?n«t u^ifltd
?2f^7i^»J!.V?.*iini^i2\^ 1 i, T ?F' ,¦,*?¦!* Vi**** CAIKJAJKKTW tmaay. tor after «*lns •«• fiO« hoi. rclin tk« «n«a«d Soi box akatsVealtrb*" «•
n.oVA-7^. .Z,^. ZJ? !f ' «»ajrt with CASK.-AHETS codny. under nn absolute kuk for hoik hom. .Ki.......«.i , ¦ — Z..*— "i^t »¦ ifsirttoSnT
fll " MIW *• Cllrc » r ¦«> n «-y rcfonded. Hralth wm anteklr follow n*d ytm win bfcraa «¦• dny von flrsl Tt^rt«7tV« MS*
; , Ml •rCASCAKfiTS. U«ok. f re« bj- Mail. i.«tfl n*KUSIi\iMU>lwJ;ttxi*makimtZ
.^¦sj^lBjB^BBS^BB^Mi^^^^^^B|HHM||B|MM|^^ u^BHiMMBHM|^M^ B^^^^^^^^^^aw
¦ KEO!»TCREBl',,TRAD« MARK W
Ip SKIRT -lINDjNgS I
W For Ion; skirts and J^KH^ g
K drop skirts 5. H. ft M. 'fclsffiSRifei^ flj
B Bias Velveteen or Cordu- fi @M^3$J& M^Br
H roy Bindings should In- \V^§«r fl
B variably be used, not only \S^^r^
H on account of their rich Jgjrfc^JT
H and elegant appearance, J/MzT*^
H but for the important . f?%>g_$i
H reason that they do not f&Misp) * \ M
H chafe and wear the shoe as wJJtWy \ \ lH
IS other bindings do. ilf*J/ \ \ M
m For short, or «• rainy* lyM / A \ H
g day "skirts the 5. H.&M. VMS // V. \ g
H Bindings are without an wfLfSffl /) P
|g equal on account of the J«!wH§V^>v/ / £*
| protection they of f er JO \ /£./ M
¦ against the action of the /j3 \ MV B
g| You should remember, \ vlK^
§1 too, that they are the most iVJ ¦ % \\ ' g
B economical bindings in . IV^ M
H It takes the most expert \\ H
fl seamstress at least two \ m
hours to put on a new *^f \ \
ffi binding, and when cheap, | ; \ \ f|
h inferior bindings are used I 1 \ fl
H they have to be replaced I i * \ V
several times and are both I I \. \ Wt
fl unsatisfactory and very 7 s^J^&A 9
Ja Look for the registered Li ' Asr**^~\
M tra( * e mark, S. H.&M., on A'B I
m the back of every yard or r \£ » *^ V* M
m on the label of every piece AfJk §
E of 5kirt binding you buy. *W Xj^^^^Siw I
APVKRTISr.TrtT.NTSL
ADVERTISEMENTS.WTXI. INVESTIGATE
PAY OF HOTJSE EMPLOYES
Result of Condition of Affairs Un
earthed Ihiring Debate on I>e
flciency Bill. /,'. '
WASHINGTON. Feb. ».-The House
to-day adopted a resolution to investigate
the par of it* employes as a result of th«
condition of affairs unearthed last Thurs
day during the debate on the deficiency
bill, and the Speaker appointed a com
mittee, consisting of lloody of Massachu
setts, Overstreet of Indiana. Long of Kan
sas, Bailey of Texas and Newlands of
Nevada, to make the investigation. The
bill to Increase the efficiency of the reve
nue cutter service was debated for two
hours, but no action taken.-. Several of
the appropriation bills were sent to con
ference and considerable^ miscellaneous
business was transacted. • '. ¦
At 4 o'clock public business was sus
pended to permit the House to pay trib
ute to the memories of the late Repre
sentatives Clark of New Hampshire and
Shaw of New York. '.
Accidentally Shot.
DENVER, Feb. 23.— James Russell,* a
young Scotchman, golf Instructor for, the
Overland Park Club, was Instantly killed
In a dance hall by Mrs.' Stella Stalling, a
colored woman, with whom he was danc
ing. The two were playing with a re
volver, which vras not supposed to be
loaded. Russell was a well-known golfer
and won a came from Vardon. the Eng
lish champion, when he 'was here some
months ago. Mrs. Stallings' mother, Mrs.
Short, is one of the three women assault
ed on Capitol Hill last night, and is in a
critical condition. . ¦
BAITTA TERESA WILL
NEXT GO TO ETTROPE
Zs Traveling With the Family of
Charles Owens of San
Francisco.
KBW YORK, Feb. 23.— Santa Teresa.
the Mexican "Joan of Arc." who was ac
cused of inciting the Yaquis to revolt and
who laler astonished the Pacific States
¦with her alleged healing powers, is in New
York on her way to Europe with the fam
!!v of Charles Owens of San Francisco.
:ur. Ower.s is aesoeiateJ In business with
O. P. Rosencrar.z. whose little son she I«j
ca'd to have helped during a recent sick
jics*. Mr. Owens is president of the Bear
State Oil Company.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 23.— Two volumes
of the testimony and exhibits in the
Cuban postal investigation were reported
to the Senate to-day. They consist in the
main of a mass of figures, the only new
matter of popular interest being state
ments made by ex-Director General Rath
bone and E. P. Thompson, Postmaster at
Havana, in reply to Fourth Assistant
Postmaster General Bristow's criticisms
of their conduct of affairs.
Rathbone's statement Is dated Novem
ber 20 last, and in it he takes up and re
plies to Bristow's charges seriatim.
Referring to Bristow's charge that there
was no contract as to prices in the pur
chase of postoffice furniture from the
Keyless Lock Company of Indiana, Rath
bone says that the statement is contra
dicted by Bristow's own report. He also
says there was a contract with the Hosier
Saie and Lock Company, giving this fact
as a refutation of Bristow's statement
tnat Xeely's authority was absolute In
the matter of purchase of safes, etc.
Continuing Rathbone says: "No oppor
tunity was given me to defend myself or
the service which I had created until the
second day before Bristow's departure.
The scanty time then available was de
voted by Bristow almost exclusively in
an effort to llnd some incriminating evi
dence against First Assistant Postmaster
General Perry S. Heath or myself, as the
interview shows. Xo opportunity was
given me to explain what appeared
against me or to make any showing of the
time and labor devoted by me and by my
subordinates in the building up of a
postal service from its very foundation,
nor of the obstacles that were met and
overcome by u« as best we could under
the then existing conditions, but he sup
pressed documents, letters, etc.. which I
made a part of my statement."
Referring to the charges in connection
with the Neely "miscellaneous bills,"
Rathbone says: "The statement there
made Involves another case of suppres
sion, amounting to perversion of material
facts. General Bristow knew — for I told
him myself, and the officers of the assist
ant auditor of the department of posts
shows — that there were thirteen of the
"Neely bills," eight of which were ap
proved by myself as Director General,
and five of which were approved by P. H.
Bristow, chief clerk, as acting Director
General during my absence, when the
duty devolved upon him of approving bills
of this kind."
He infers, he says, from these and oth<;r
features of the Bristow report, that that
official Intended to "deliberately mislead
by a plain perversion and suppression of
facts within his own knowledge." He as
serts that P. H. Bristow (chief clerk rn
the Havana offlce) sirned warrant 70S7
for $12,000, which General Bristow charged
him (Rathbone) with slgnlnp, Another
transaction charged as a dereliction
against him, he says, chargeable to J.
\V. Irwin, a. subordinate of General Bris
tow.
Rathbone says there is r.o evidence and
that none can be secured to sustain the
allegation that he was "careless, loved
ease and refused to give attention to de
tails." On the contrary, he asserts that
he "worked hard, earnestly and long."
He savs that Auditor Laws he and not
Perry S. Heath was responsible for the
appointment of Dr. W. H. Reeves to a
place In the Cuban service. He charged
Bristow with suppressing important parts
of his (Rathbone's) testimony.
Postmaster Thompson takes ; exception
to General Bristow's statement that he
(Thompson) caused four money orders to
be i?sued to himself. He says that as a
matter of fact he purchased nine post
offlce orders, but that :n doing: so he com
mitted no crime; the shortage was made
good. Speaking of the Havana office in
a general way. Thompson says:
"The Havana. Postofflce was organized
under the most trying and difficult cir
cumstances and irregularities were bound
to occur. The origin and conduct of this
office was such that Bristow could find no
reason for a change, even in its organiza
tion or the number of employes required
to conduct It. I feel that, for a technical
mistake on my rart. I have been mo: t
outrageously treated."
Says Documents and Letters Which
He Mada Part of His Original
Statement Were Care
fully Suppressed.
Replies to Bristow's Criti
cism of Cuban Postal
Affairs.
RATHBONE MAKES
GENERAL DENIAL
SENATE PASSES
EXPOSITION BILL
Appropriation Is Also Made
for Government Exhibit
at Charleston.
Horgtoi Forces Nlcaraguan. Canal
Bill to Consideration, but It Is
Almost Immediately
Displaced.
"WASHINGTON, F«b. 23.— The Senate
to-day passed the j bill which releases the
appropriation of 15.O0O.900 for the Louisi
ana Purchase Exposition at St. Louis in
1303. It was amended by providing an
appropriation of $250,000 for a Government
exhibit at the Charleston expeosition, to
b« held next December. Before the bill
passed amendments were adopted closing
both expositions on Sunday.
Ey a Ekll'ful parliamentary move Sen
ator ilorgan forced the Nicaragua canal
bill to the consideration of the Senate
after thac measure had been sleeping for
many weeks. By a dose reading of the
proceeding; yesterday Morgan discovered
that the oleomargarine bill had lost its
position as the unfinished business of the
Senate, and with the calendar thus
cleared the Nicaragua canal bill regained
the status it held over two months ago
as the unfinished business of the Senate.
Morjran'e discovery created something of
a sensation, and this was heightened
¦when the presiding officer sustained his
position and laid the canalbill before the
Senate. Morgan's success was shortlived,
however, as the fortification bill was
taken up. thus displacing the canal bill,
which, with the oleomargarine bill and
the shipping bill, takes its place on the
caJendar. The day was given to the forti
fication and the army appropriation bills.
the former being passed. Considerable
personality -was indulged in during th« de
bate. Butler of North Carolina attacking
the proposed purchase of Cushlngs Island.
Portland. Me., harbor, as a "job," and
Pettlgrew or North Dakota criticizing the
sppointment of 6ons and nephews of Sen
•.tors and Representatives as officers in
the army.
Vlgan to take on Companies C. B and M,
which have been detained at Hocoa by
smallpox, provided the quarantine is
raised. . , - •
Miners Rescued.
TUSCALOOSA. Ala.. Feb.- i 33.— After
sixty-three hours undcrrroundr for the
greater nart of the tima in water, ten of
the thirteen neeroes caught In tna asy
lum mines -by a sudden, in-rush of water
were rescued to-day. When they reached
the light they were exhausted and nearly
blind. It is hoped to rescue th» remain*
Ing three during' the -uay. after a laxira
pump In addition .to the others already,
in operation has been put to work.
by army engine erv
The records of temperature , at Bagulo
for :I>ecember' and .-• January 1 ' show the
weather to have been remarkably cool
and salubrious. ;A:health resorbfor sol
diers and civilians Js soon to be estab
lished there. ;'• ' i • [ ' , ;
¦ The Twenty-third • Infantry will sail on
the transport Logan-March 1, stopping a£
Pyrography outfits,./ cameras,
and books on photography' In artists' ma
terial department. Sanborn, Vail &Co.,
TU Market street. . •--
White Persons Who Inter
marry May No Long«r
Be Enrolled.
WASHINGTON, Feb. .23.— The. Secre-
tary of. the Interior to-day transmitted
to the Senate an amended treaty between
the Dawes Indian Commission in behalf
of the United States and the Choctaw and
Chickasaw Indians. The agreement pro
vides that no child born to any citizen or
freedman of either of those nations after'
September 1, 1991, nor any white person
who intermarries with a Choctaw or
Cnickasaw woman after' that date." shall
be entitled to 'enrollment, a.nd that no per
son whose name ; appears upon : the. rolls
as a citizen or freedman. of any "'other
tribe shall be enrolled as either a Choc
taw or Chickasaw citizen or freedman. £,*.'¦»•
The treaty a.so grives authority to either
the.Choctaws or the t^nickasaws to insti
tute legal action. to annul the proceedings
of the United States, courts in admitting
persons to citizenship in ' those tribes • un
der the law of ; 1896 withont ' due • notice.
Jurisdiction is jriven to the -United States
Cpurt for. the Southern District of Indian
Territory to hear such cases and appear
is allowed to the Supreme Court of v the
United States. . The agreement ratifies the
townsite law of May 31. 3900. t
NEW TREATY
WITH INDIANS
, MANILA, Feb. • 23. r Th© -^ Government,
buildings at Iba. capltalVof .' Zambales
province, have been" burnectftha Jail alone
escaping .-;. the flames! ; ,Th« Twenty-fourth
Infantry's supplies were destroyed by flra.
A steamer, has been', sent to Iba from
Manila" with stores. :/••,,
.: A \ deiachment ;• of the Fourth Infantry
has captured General ; Vinegra- near Cavit*
Viejo! " : V General .; Cailles has" issued 'ifc
proclamation offering ten Mexican' dollars
apiece for the , heads i of Americans. ;¦ ¦¦'
; Commissioner* Worcester is preparing a'
bill for submission to the commission, per
mitting the leasing of land until a govern
ment .-.shall - have been ' established.- which
shall have authority to alienate the lands
for, mining claims.' . Mtyiy squatters have
settled .in the r provinces of Benguet 'and
Lepanto and fare, mining gold and other
metaisr.which abound. The "leases rau-
; thorized by, the pr ¥ pposed i bill ; will not'per-"
'mit: the" carrying-on': of mining operations
or the.c'uttingof, timber; but" will give the
lessees^other, advantages in r the direction 1
of ownership. ",,=¦.. ..'..vV • ' ' '¦ i- . - ' - -,••• •»••-,'
.'. Thousands of men are working upon the
.Government '< wagon road i between> Daigli
pan"; and *>Baguio. 'the "capital 'of 1 Ben
guet province, which- is i being -constructed
at. a fractional part of the cost estimated
Government Buildings at
Iba, Zambales Province,,,'.
ARMY SUPPLIES
ARE DESTROYED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIjL, STJNDATv FEBRUARY^ 24, 1901;
17
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V Spedal Sale The Emf>orium Economist IWHHV glMftAl^Ml B^ M The Emporium's Guarantee - g% Q>r># *3
,; u rummers oampiGs Spring and Summ . r) 1901> ig ¦¦¦¦^ |»iw y%liJWi > t \ w price , nn - . :%
h Fine GlOVeS. now h " n S complied. Send mme HIP* ¦ AHd you paid us, bring our goodi back fOfipBtfrntJUm X
H Wc jj^g secured tnd address at once for ¦ free copy P» 4G^Oletiegfl'WfcMlMC H>3l W i%JBkM\ in the condition that you reccirei When we say a good ' %
** * lir S= lot " of 'p"^i " S °° n " IS5UCd ' CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S. GRANDEST STORE them, ind get your monsy. n\: we m«n go>d M- j£k '*
I 'w^ !=rS: ; 5 RemarkablB Dress Goods ¦OtteHng—^^^^ 13 f
»* We . place on -.: sae to-morrow, and Tuesday also if -quantity lasts, about 1800 «II«cJ' S / J I] |
i ?$$M%!S^ *"**" 8hades and y ard ? : of; genuine Imported Donegal Homespuns, purchased' from : th 3 bankrupt stock S2Sefe*TS*r3 \\p> A\ %
%- s^TS^M^ re^ia?iy tyl frorn* n fi.2 5 °f the '"importing firm of J. Brett ;& Co.. These goods are «;8 inches wide, excellent s r g « ; the'eobn i™™, \%&&M
JC ' ' $100 a par; on weigh:, .in .'handsome light .spring mixtures, a superior quality that have been retailing !^ 1 S l Sf 1 SJ; M^f)i : 5
v — fintran? yt^teS^ 6 r 1 plir S 95c at-^i.jo' and $2.oo 2. yard (and good value a r . these prfces). There is nothing more wits a re not »u that we u ,/ -;
v — 1 — sty lisn rior more suitable- for .-.bicycle, or outing suits > or separate skirts. At tn-mor- SbSaS'Jet^f // I *
x &&g*Mg&g* row's price, positively, the greatest value in Dress Goods offered for th : s city EZJIf* ™>™j- II \l £
I Furnishings. ars: .^^^^••••••.••^•-^-••^•^•••-•^^^ c $W.OO. \\ \
I .¦ "pdS-iS Spring Silks in Brilliant Array, -iB^m |
X ' SS and most practical '"' ' i 1 6 yean; the matmtls \l . H -'
x kl/ poachen on the Granatllnss Foulards. Bzttanbzrg Wash Silks Loulsines. Colored ¦«?«» covcrt «^- new ,^1***^ '*
K <?Z2aML m t rk , et "~ We.«ceived last Our stock of these Gretiad/nCS Th«e dainty .Ilk, This'soft and TaffotaS. SStly ffiooL^rtt 5
I P^SSPi 250e*0h P^^ T^T^V 1 ; C ° m f StS^&SS? morc^aS C Z n beautiful sUk l8 O Thcse^Uk, are «B»tfd«^ - -A «d triced and J
5 SHSSS^ 6 holes Grcnadinrs in god plet:. The balance of o f these handsome suit ever and thc choice5t now in large de- would be cheap a: $6. S o, gyj Q«^ «
* —mn r SOOOach thfel effect, which are our high-grade impart- patterm> as exhibited ntw patterns from the vogue man< j f QT li n i ng om -price «fT"V» +*%* .%
jf Rotary Flour Sifters, tin side handles, eich in great demand in the ed novelty '«ait' patterns at t h- Paris Exposi- b=st makers are shown now can be found sheer fabrics. We Swell Top Coats for Boys 3 to 1 6 yean of , "^
» .....lOo large Eastern c;ti:s; arrived last w ee k:>ith- . - ", by the E-nporium. ),„. :_ _ii t t,. _.„ t. v - :_ a r.ii 9 , «g=— made of either Coverts ar Oxfort Vicn. }g
J Crumb Tray and B:ush, fine nickel plated brass ab o a few new novd' out doabtth: best ttykt U °^. *** "' " "' We've received aa ad- in all the new have, in t full as- naS -at prices nngmg from 53-95 to 5/fl . ,X
V tray, with metal baclc*, bristle biu:h...;75O ties in all black; ex- ever «hown in the city; trems novelty, th: col- di ional hundred piscei Spring shadings SOrtment Ot Colors :
•f Coat and Waht Frames, each. 5c quisite ditigns in bfo- we also have a ni« line orings gold, gray, brqvirn last week, which in- Qur p^g f or t {jj s £^ c Strongest and SOCClal Sale Of ' '"
* Bread and Cake Kn : fe Sets) 3 knives, corru- cades, stripes, p'aids of. Domestic Foularls an j g^Jn only and etude many new pat- |' " # btSt wearing tafFcta n m - - «
K g«edb'mie: f bKk enameled handles, pa-ing, and checks-per yard in a rich: saf n fini.h, . f fc terns and lars guaran- excellent quality IS that U nunufactared OrCSS Lltiing. %}
k bread and. cake knives, pnee per set.. .25O J SI to $2.50 beautiful spring coor- '- teed absolutely fas: col- evreedtn^'v low » v. t 1 • av. «?&» fr~ VTr.^4,. ««1» <.»..r.fm 1, •*
f anjuart Corn Popper,, all wire, & '?in?.l effects ing.-p.-r y'.rd*. . . ... co!or-p 0f . 8U lt or_price per yard •••. CXC ~ d ™S>Y l ™~ at the popular pnee W^« (or^^onday only^4,0 V »* «f »** j S
* pif^rS^'S S2 ' 25 *3'.*°-*W> : $25.00 ::.......:.. BOO P* yard.. ;gg O -p e ryard..7g0 SSS, an l^ JL" $
X Plate Itandhs — A handsome luster wire handle, _ : ; *oc o r vard— so cial M^m^C *
i aS^n^^^r^Sbtn:^;: Sale of Frames. :'. Special Sales Ladies' $5 ffip) r L _ I _ li::: _ & j
5? " h^ hmik .^ a r.". k «can^f5o «^ JL!^ u Crockery-Lamps. j^J* %M Special Ssle of :5
V G S s Alcohol S'oves-A new apparatus fcr 10 inch Wool 3°o dozen 'new i^vfp J^S MUSiiU WOBr. 2j
£ heating water or hquid foods; it »w:ckle.s W^L&Bl I/ 2 . 1 "."' h wStttl S 4« English deco- 93.15. m/Hm Childrtn'j MuiPn Drawers-Good musEn,
j. and burns the gu generated by alcoho; safe M^3^ *T J&*vMjU^ semi-porcelain JTe have about ,o» temstitched cambric ruSe, pro^rly made I*
k and economical. ... ..S.OO toJ&— t^MA »«J .6 llc - <^£^^ Tea Cups and Saucers, pal" of Ladie.' C oth Top si.ts 2, 4 and 6, former prices 1 8c \- *
J, Shoe _ Repairing Outfit-Do your own shoe re- A% v\\ * uh . '^ lnch jurt in from the fac Patent Leather Shoes— >gg«FW to 2 Cc all at one price. . /SC '?
p iring at home; a complete set of tools with \\ \ n u*\ \\ \*\ mat m color to — •— -^ tcrv- that were made Lo" ! * I v heels, \J2aWM*& <¦• o . - •'" ""f
| direction, fa 75O \\ 24 \\1\ — h moli t0 seH at J,^ a doren _S P e^ Le M^n- handled ¦ it SST «7© I
6 ._ g . - . A\ \M\k In ?' wlde 6'l r day only at Irs, thaa the price of pVm _ new coin tors and «S11T tl«* \
£ Spedal Sale Of y/X\ iM'T , whitecup.and»ucer,-e»ch......... SC worked eyelet,- — $2 00 to $3. 00 • J
S flM—tsiin euflce CjJK' » AV^® • . ? • " '" r u j^ " a regular $5.00 shoe-in a'l sizes and widths— «. lrt «*
tf Of#f««fJ#I <&WM&&. Eai -tfBft shown in large 220 far.cy shaped Terra which we have priced for Mon- ffi*» #K mlse 51-50 •*
* I too virJs of Dotted and Striped Figured Swiss, ' il uttrat'on; reg- Cotta Cuspidois, in thrts t^^_ day only. ................. — SkiitChe- %*l t^££s2§£T **
& > 36 inches wide, sheer and line for conage u'arly 75c eafh, on sale MtnJay . -43o d '^ er - nt st y t! . a ' 1 artsti- N^^Tf^fS' mise, like WL^fehSj*r*&p>W "?
I £ S ; S^'^J*;? HMf Bo-i F«me ?) «., U J^^. n^ 0^ 08 ' Z^" 0^ 8 tSfrSt 5
»: Mono.v onlv, «e pic, . .'. .... /Off Inch «' » » hown . m '^ 1ct r lcture . inch would sell at a 5 c and 35c&ffifii FloUr ~ Emporium Brand — money whh •• ' Ij ' J Y
$» • ' — — mat masoned tints, ,git corners and easel tac )i_ Jt{ oir . t . d " MW/\ back if ' not satisfactory— specially lace and em- 1 / 1
* « H C^^°c X^ S ', s 'S^S^I^^ia^ 1 *^^^**-^ 0^^ priced for Monday only; 7ac Wly {^ X |
* J Extra Heavy Blocked Tm Cash Box«, double y . 5 , .,'*.,. . , J . „ , „ These very p-etty opal deco- sack.... #O€r «ound> aeck ffifL-4^-fe\
f unk handles, Yale lock, with two keys- _^ . rt\ ratird Night Lamps, wtn Globes Sugar— bt f t Dry Granulated 18 lbs. $1.00 «d bottom TOTT^KA *
J 7-mch 55O 12 inch... .8O0 ¦ . -, .* A / --JV' to match, that would be very Corn-best Wesrern Sugar — Monday— S Of 7^7, nLMiJl^^ 'I
I SS:-:::SSS- j^g»! Notions. g£- §
J, io^-inch.-. .....75O Fancy Ha;r f ins, in amber, Hack or £ shell, V&AM Monday on'y at <?3c7 Raisins— se:ded; i-lb. packets 10c . *°? kt f" 00 X
ft . - ~~~ZZ ~a~~ m-*- doren.. .. ..: tOo > »-.« A,m,t.A ' rVin. n-'.^ Tea— English Breakfast— and very good qual- prcesfl.OO, ' ?; , £
LlnenS, TOWelS, EtC. SheU Back Coxb, .....^OO anti 25O ¦ „ iJSe Ses f«2jThS;'"i '**-»¦«>.-. .:......-. :..X-.^. ;?35e - * S -^ $*-5° «f -oo, on special talc .«
J Interesting items for intelligent buyers. Ladies* Hook-on Garters, aU colon 25O <>4§^< different Vtv'e?' M^deecnSnr OI ves-^choice ManzaniL'a or ripe olives in boC \ Monday and Tuesday, if quan- -^
•» Table Dam Jsk—Rn: Bleached -Iriih Linen, 66 Gilt and Silver Trimming Buttons, dozml. 5© /? X -. „ „ . j --r ( . ' les—^Monday, 3 bottles .¦....;'..¦*...*.. 25c ; tttJ * "* *• ' -«F***#i#
£• inches wide, a pood wearer, yard..... 73 C Fin shing Braid, per pircc .....So >Sf <> j' f *'-'** < 7 "Su»»"y '°r j-i.ao, Champion WhtsKcy th*S well known 75c Corset Covers 43c— Very pretty and well ,£
i 1 Table Damask— Nice bleached", 63 inches wide, Bunch Tape sizes. ..".: ...... ;.5o <g^S 1 !?^^ and well liked brand that telli -Tew made Conet CoTew, yoke of embroidery, in-
yard. .V *8o Broth-Edge kkirt Binding, all colors. . . . .7o /^§Sf£S^K \ ? , !, llkCd r ° r "? "* ! SdlS "^ j serdon and Uce edging, gathered at waist \ .«
J- Bleached Napklns-Fa s t idvedges, 1; inches Ru ber Sleeve s rer pair 25i? ?2.i6 a n d /^P^J^VaC-N Ularly $ I .OO lor fch quart — |y Une, regularly 7 S c, Monday and - .«
fc* scpure, prr doren $1m35 Fancv Frilled Elast c, per yard , .IOO $2.40 per dor. j Rfcr^ p\l| P| bottles— -on.. Monday .¦.-.'t* «^*# Tuesday only ..**•©£? ' Tj
Jf Huck Towels— Hemmed ends, siie 20x40 Hair Rolls, iach 80 Oild 1OC choice of either YMT J*JA M J it Vood Alcohol— fuU quart botdes— Mon- $1.00, S1.25 and $1.50 Corsets 69c— Assorted
J inches, heavy quality,- per dittn. . .$2m10 Dr«» Shiclis, all iizes. .=-.;.. \ -. . . . V,'.;. . .14-O stylion Monday. da y 30c lot of fine Uack Corsets, heavier boned and
I* Good Huck Towe's— 17x34 inches, hemmed Alcohol La-nps, each. . ; . . . '. . ; 2Oc only-^ .'jg* ''' " - •'• • White, Wine— rich ' in flavor-^-Monday per fine fitting, at - tb« very special a %
Jfy- ends, prr dozen :..$1.35 I Tracing Whrels, each: /. ..50 anti WO earh.-j M UG . ¦ .-x - galon. ................. ....;.40c closing ott price, e«ch OSC Jt
I -¦•',,,'V-ly Tourists B$Sff* t FgBar+ami4tiLBB*£* Safe* GaB+Bl&t** SSntB S9aam*S The Monday 3
I should **!9 r"™"™*!*?, °r^ GM9 **nu nugs Book SalGm *
I W; H ee r ii r ranged for This * Week. At Greatly Reduced Prices. y« should *«** for our Monday offerings in :?
5 KtgtV'^TgJa^iJ/ JTafMnif* .. , ,/ .* ,«,-»• • i » i r^. . *he greatly enlarged Boole Department. New J€
X vSv&sBSfe^' n / s £ Almost half of the second floor of this great store is de- Actual savings of a quarter or more. These goods must books as soan as published at a liberal reduc- •*
*" I WTIj Oriental voted to the display v of sample pieces of Furniture," and it is be closed out at an early date to make room for the incom- ' tion from publisher's prices. A further special J
» SJt-Jy^S*^ Bazaar.- some of these sample p'eccs and s;me lines w'.iere only a ing Spring stock. The carpets are from the best makers in reducdon is made for the Monday safes. x
tf T he gorgeous Chinese few of a kind are left thaVhave had prices almost cut in half the world — their last season's product. "Richard Garvat" — By Winston jj
I SiT^'bS: for this w«k's , Uing. --.V -.-.-: . ¦ .Our C,rp« Department h« bc t n mo«d ,o [Ac. outh +?£&£?".*** 89 C i
K (B0\ Book Department, is one JS.00 Parlor 'Chairs— Upholstered with a good grade > of side of. the. building, giving us more room and a superb light "Janice Meredith"— Published at $1.50, our *J
JC C--JL& - \ ° { ths "S nts of San velour, sprirg srat and bick — now $2*75 for showing this class of goods. "price $1.2O &
\ IPTf" 1™*°- J°™"^ $8100 Parlor Sufte-Solid mahogany frame, French curved i,. J5 grade of Harlbrd AxminsUrs-NWty designs, .heavy, du'- "P«^'» Bad Boy"-L«ge ffl«tnt..d edidoa J
S \\ dries which c e annot n iVii >g*, u P ho!8teridVlth a fl « v^our-reduced to. ..I'...; $55.00 able carpet in 25 dirTerent patterns, now jJ/.OO 5^«T^VCato^"lCfc™^Vdaon?S§ "J
X J?y*tf\ to p'ease and intere t Child7s Crib— Solid oak, doubie weave mattress, now $2.75 $ x -,35 Body Brussels (Whituls and Lowell makes), borders to match, illustrated ..48c J€
<ZJy) their friends in the East, HanjlDg Glass— With a French beveled nvrror, size 1 2x1 5 - now ----. ••• • $UOO "Kingdom of Nature"— Tha mest complett j*
Jt articles that cannot iwd- . inc ij e$ 4 double arm hoo'«— row ' S3. 75 $ tl ° grade of BrU3je '« Carpets, in delft blue, Persian, Oriental and one-vohuno work on the animal kingdom "J
J By be obtained in other cires. There .re fine Ladies' Writing Dzsk—With" » ' French' beveled mirror, flcral effect,, now reduced to ...:..... SOo „!*** J^^n °7 '' V - Sf A£? 5
I aas£ ssss/ssss? [^^^t^^^^^^ 9^. TajKStryBrusseIS ' with to -^^^= *£**••**?* Gtnnan Girde »-gj .5
< Wa^ teaiwo^Go r o e d . Dintaf-Room Table— 48-inch top, heavily fluted legs, large dej « ns ' now --;;-... ............................. y . 70o » m N^., R eiB a,k»--Ac^^dha*ofSS 5
* sTlk^wn-. Ir^?lZ°° d G0 ° dS ' - enough when extended for , S people, regular price | a5 -now 9«c grade of Tapestry Brussels in parlor, haU and «air effect,, doth binding, fo'Jy iDurtrmtedf.. ... .^SO S
X HandkerchlefB, Silk Jacket*. ' ... ,.. ..... $2JmOO now - • •' 65C ' S
S ToyTrl^V ifSS^HS^ 1$$™^ Wash Fabrics • $
K This immense collection of Or ental Novelties si«e 42x18 inches— made, by .the Welsch Fo'ding Bed Company, at .»..„„ Vf'.n * W.LJ~Y *ill.l.'i-* '^.'.'-11' * milt' '.'-V 'k'J.' L'/ ' 'l^P m\am m. .J. J*
% and Fancy Good., in modem .nd «;i,u. *de- Grand Rapid,, Mich.-- n ow only.. . 1 . . .;...:.. . . . . S3 7- SO wo^ 5^ Cv ? ctt ~ TUlnl « d OnMt^ P««^V . High NOVCltlOS. X
S «g«,*U marked in Engl shin pirn figures. RocKCTS— Fancy quarter sawed oak— nicely polished— regu-; L'noleum-Made o( ihefinVst iuaJt^'oV "puiveriKd'coVk indiinseeddl Stylhh Summer Drest Fabrics for stylish peopla. J
K This is the largest and bandiomeit bazaar m San ], r price J8.00 to; $10.09— now. $5uO . thoroughly seasoned, per square yard.. SOo An incomparab!e assortment of the best *
Francisco. Both Chir.ew and white clerkim LadfCS* Dressing TablfS— Birdseye mtple and solid mahog- Matting— Linen warp, doube dye, art dejigns, very hand'wme m«tang, makes in the wodd ready fbr yonr approval. £
JV - attendance. Promp^an^poite .wrvjee ac- anf _ French-p^te^irror-Tnow. -. *. .¦....¦.......'.:.. .87.00 5 regularly 30c per .quare yaH, now ... ............. .22}iO Gen««e Tsattee Silk Wash Materials, yard. ... g
If OTnOt - > special rfbr... -. . .7.'. .^^it'SOli Riig DOpartmettt. Egyptian Tissue Ztph'yn, applique iace effect J
Another Sale S 011 * OaK Bvreav— Swell doubie drawers— with ra 36x24 This brkneb; of the Carpet Department has also been EmbroIdeV^ BatfitV 'and' 'swfasw/beaudS? J
i JUVenile Soan. «SSS3ilSi?S^^ verymuch: enlarged, and we believ: that we are showing cKor:d, yard 50c to $1.00 *
£ Weh™;re?at,lTh,TiT™L 75 o 0 ' .3 P10Ces_»0 ; ,d oa^hevaU the largest assortment oflow-price rugs in the city.. •-. Open Lace Work Scotch and EngLsh Zephyn. J
I bl^ASy^-^ve^ CO^S^^ I
ft "f 6 * • Eer,;en:inc-shape t.ont— now.... #t .....$37,50 toth encs, Persian er florJ designs 33o **
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are composed
entirely of harmless antiseptics and may
be used as freely as necessary, as they
contain no cocaine, opiate or poisonous
drug of any kind.
Persons who suffer from ca.tarrh of the
head and throat are \*ery susceptible to
La. Grippe and such will find a ple&sant.
convenient and «afe remedy In this new
catarrh cure.
The first symptoms are those of acuto
catarrh. reyembUne a hard cold, and if
prcrrrpt treatment is applied at- this time
it ran easily be broken t;p. One of the
best remedies at this stage is Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets, sold by druggists every-
where, and if taken freely. Bay one tablet
every hour or two for two or three days,
the danger of pneumonia and serious com-
plications wfU be averted.
The Rev. L. E. Palmer. Baptist clergy-
man of Ceresco, Mich., makes a statement
of interest to all catarrh and grip suffer-
ers. He rays: "Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
have certainly been a blessing to ine. : I
have used them freely this fall and winter
and have found them a safeguard against
La Grippe and catarrhal troubles, from
•which I had suffered for years. I feel that
I can freely and conscientiously recom-
mend them."
The reason every one does not have the
disease at the same time is because the
persons who are enjoying perfect health
£re able to successfully resist and throw
off the infection, u-hile those who for any
reason are not in the best of health fall
leady victims.
No cr.e can escape the La Grippe germ.
because when an epidemic of the disease
is prevailing the air Is laden with it.
veyed Through the Atmosphere.
The Germs of I»a Grippe Are Con-
IN THE AIR.
10 SIONTCOMETVr STREET.
SAX FRANCISCO.
Os» hi-vlmr W6.e0O-Jlw.OC0 to Invest can ee-
c-.-re ts Interest aad directorehlp in on« of tbc
isoet valuab> country estate* in California.
<•rr.bj-tLCir.x- over 60W acres. Stronr companr
thorouebly oreanl«*d aad having most compel
tent ererloret. To the rijht man a malorltr
©f the ttoek will be sold. If desired, en very
«*ey terasj. to relieve orwer.t holder of dose
Attention to tb* buclness. Certain conditions
tavc Quit* reocntlr developed which make this
«itarprl«» eeD«clal!y attractive. Several mti-
llona cf dollars can be made in It within next
throe yean. Full particulars on application to
DAVID BUSH <St SON,
CALIFORNIA.
? RAKE CHANCE FOR
EASTERX INVESTORS.
WANTED!
HEALTH. PROFIT AND OCCTPATIOX IX
KOTE.— VTt aerw eetrl belt* •* Oa Trial," tfew*-
ton ta ordrring "Dr. Pierce'*" no risk to ran cl
coT!tr»ctinj «»i.l» iU«*a«v or ottn DiorCer* br
asac an appli*W* »rrTl»».l r mmrm by a.thrr
nennt- C*U.or»*TM»»r.«Ujur>ft>rij^w "nooUet
Vo.sT AddreM: PIERCK KLECtBIGOO.
1 145 nro»<lwar. (ne«x26th bt.) >ew York,
Or 620 Market Street, San Franciaco.
THE EIIPORTTJII.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
m CMICHMTER'S CltQUSH
FE[18¥R0YAL PILLS
t/V~v Original *n4 O*!v GuiIm,
J£a*L ** CHICHKsTER'S ENGLISH
fc^EVi In lUZlt »b4 Gold m«^Ke t««. ,-»wi
—O&-J-<tkt;M ribbon. T.ke *o Mier. UcTrnwa
*"N, »VJ I»«»c*r««« f«ul/.Utntlon« ond lmlti-
T ' (K !*•«•. »«7 •' J«' Dr«fg«»t. or tni ?& u
Jf «tMoi>« for r*rtlful«r>, Tr*tlm«nUls
VC* ft «J " R«l!'f f»r UiIIm," w l«r<r, t :
— \_ /' tun M mil. in.«««1«.Umoi!i«,.. .«.':uj
v ' atl Dntfltu. <:h!rb r*tr.r « l.--«lr»l r»'
41-owon thJ. p»j^r M*41a*a *+aun. I'XiiL.V- 1*27
i P ft FT n f"lW A I Corner Fourth and
CIIFE ROYAL &MM
6c Overcoats and
vaJi*e» cij«ck«J umm
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vig-o?
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a mc.it remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental an.l
physical Buffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write, it
is a home treatment, and all men who
euffer from any form or sexual weakness
resulting from youthful lolly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak bacK,
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at . home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It Is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
frt>m years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success
In all cases. A recuest to the State Med-
ical Institute, 328 Elektron building, Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire on*
of their free trial oackages. will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous iX reaching, that greats class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free Fample will enable them
to sf > how easy it is to be cured of se*-
ual •weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. « The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will
b«s sent a free sample, carefully sealed
In a nlain package, so that its recipient
need have no fear of embarrassment or
publicity. Headers are requested *"i write
j@% Wasting Weakness, Lost Vitality,
f^^F^^ Kidney and Bladder Diseases
JBw f^^^^^m\ Diseases and Weakness of IVlen.
J^ >' ou iave an a il men t that is robbing you of health, strength,
n^^I happiness, pleasure and manhood consult DR: ; MEYERS &z CO.
t^B;^jpWp^ ' They can restore your lost strength and vitality and stop those
r^S^P^y^r fearful drains - Tne v m ake a perfect man of. you. The restora-
'¦'"': Ky^^^^m^^SS ' '¦ t ' on V'^ be not only thorough and speedy, but permanent as well.
; VvSJ^ISl; j THE CURE OF CONTAGIOUS AILMENrS A SPECIALTY.
•HOME TREATMENT. ! ¦').;.; FREE-BOOK.- -^ V OUR CUARANTE?.
DR. METfeRS * X^Q. '.have' perfec\*«d * "... Our little twenty.-four "page" Book NO PAY TILL CURED.' If you
system or- Home, Treatment whereby the -.V contains \ a v worM of PRIVATE IN- >,-,.„ *>,- i a -«» *„,,** n * nT i~ oKiii»»
TRUTHFUL 1 ANSWERING'- OF. THK.. >EpRMATION.\-Knowledge that ev- ha^ e the -least, floubt of our ability
QUESTIONS of our Diagnosis' Sheet anJ ery man should be Vfamlllar with. A to restore you to health and wish to
4 sendlhK-a sa'mDle of • URINE ¦ FOR AN- thorough understanding of l its con- try our methods and treatment you
VAL.YSIS they . O0«ltlvely , arrive- at th«« tents -WOUld be Of. more value than mav if.mjlt' th» nr«r« nf a ,-iirL Ir.
. true" diagnosis of the complaint. a« read- -words : could express. , 'It: explains may de P° sl t tne price or a cure In
jly as.thouch the patient were in their those things, that you- have often . any - S. Bank not to be paid to
*.S^ 1 E?^t^^;^£^fi yo^can^ hel^bufum^ '%$** J>r. Meyer, ; &^Co. till a cure is ef-
'cuHnif 'dlMase^ by home -treatment ; has >oucan - notnelp but unu " . and - . fected. . Or. Jf you .prefer, you may
~ never -been ; etjualfd. r - . ' .. > IT IS FREE. "U r RITi; it IT. payin small monthly payments.
dr/:meyers & ep;, 731 market sjreet, san francisco,cal.
THE EMPOBIXTM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPOErUM.
THE EMPOBIUJL
[DR. PiERGE;S. ELECTRIC BELT:
? Anifnra. Ah«Ml of the World In Electrical Invm- •
? tfenn: Lr^ryh'xiT kncnri thi»! our new Uodr-'
? Bittrry. <C. S. PaiMit) is »trietly au Ainfrican'
T laTeation— Tin: Be^ of tte Cutury. It wnrts k'.
r tto«-«if dl. irrer»:b> enrrrat tbronch the l.uinsu .
T body fmm llt-B<l to iwii, CTiratr Curocic and<
L Perrons Difeues aad Rtakaewcf Mule or Kemxlc.
t fei SI or ilacic. bo po»:tiTe aie we that no other <
». beit u th<- eq ua.'. of *' in. P;«-re'»," thui we i»1il »»eJ •
».t on AfrBHVAI. lot r«mi »rii«.n ni-Ji »sy btlt "
£ jjow sold to AmerwiL •* b**Ji£ u BelieYing.'* "
?Jr jj^9BT BLANCHE. PARTINQTON.
FABBRI CHARMS WORLD
AS DIVA. BUT IS DESTITUTE
BT L. DU PONT STLE.
BERNHARDT ONCE MORE
AND FOR THE LA5T TIME
enjoyed for their poetic beauty long aftrr
"L'Aiglon," as an acting play, has ceaaed
to exist.
Not being of the number that de^Jre
anything better than the best, I must con
fess to an unqualified admiration for
Madame Bernhardt's magnificent per
formance of Phedre and to an Infinite re
gret that the. ex1gencie3 of the box offlcn
should have compelled her to substitute
for it on Saturday the vulgrar and detest
able "La Tosca." From ilacine to Sar
doo—oh, toy countrymen, what a fall was
there! That's one of the disadvantages,
you see. of- breaking away from the
Malson de Moliere; you get more freedom, ,
to be sure, but every now and then to'
what base uses must you come! • • •
THE SAN ? FRilNCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 15)01.
By far the best thing— the only really
dramatic thing— in "L'Aiglon" Is the mir
ror scene between Metternich and the
MR. GRAU must have lost money
steadily during the first week of
the Bernhardt-Coquelln engage
ment. For this he has to thank
nothing but his own bad judg
ment: first, in setting the scale of prices
so high; second, in Imposing upon us for
an entire week a play which Is dramatic
ally hopeless in theme and' hopelessly
miscast in its leading character. This
statement is, of course, in flat contradic
tion to the popular judgment In Paris, hut
in Paris Chauvinism is. still rampant and
it is Chauvinism which made "L'Aiglon"
a success there.
JACOB MUELLER. A PIONEER MUSICIAN OF SAN FRANCISCO AS THE
TOREADOR. HE IS NOW ILL. AXD HELPLESS AND WILL BE TEN
DERED A BENEFIT.
EDMOND ROSTAND, THE DRAMATIC AUTHOR. WHO WROTE THE
PLAY OF "L'AIGLON" (THE EAGLET) ESPECIALLY FOR M1IE.
SARAH BERNHARDT, THE FAMOUS FRENCH ACTRESS.
METTERNICH
You cannot gaze into this glass at n!cht.
But all your race will gibber at your back!
Ix>ok— in the gloom— that shade is mad Joanna,
And yonder thing that moves so deathly slow
Is the pale sovereign In tin crystal coffln.
THE DUKE
No! 'TIs the radiant pallor of my father!
METTERXlCH
Tonder. recoiling. Rudolph and his lions!
THE DUKE
The clash of steeds and weapons! *TI« the
Consul !
METTERXICH
L<o! in a noisome crypt one fashions gold.
THE DUKE
He fashions glory on the sands of Esypt.
METTERNICH
Aha! Here's Charles the Fifth, with hair
cropped clc*e, ' •
Dying for having sought self-burial!
THE DUKE
Help!
Father! '
Duke, which closes the third act. I quote
from Mr. Parker's translation:
In the Theatrical World for 1S03 ths
same writer has an elaborate comparison
between Bernhardt and Dyse. in tha
course of which he says soma very un
kind things about the former. These I
shall not reprint, but shall content my
self with quotinjr what he says about her
Phedre. the only really fine and worthy
role Madame Bernbardt has played dur
ing her engagement here: "Sarah, airain.
has a more evenly beautiful voice than
Duse. It was never strong enough to
carry her to the heights of tragic passion
(?). There were always passages in her
Phedre, for example, in which she simply
ranted. But within its peculiar range it
amply merited and still merits the con
ventional epithet of 'golden.' Then sha
had and haa an incomparable art of
poetic diction. In the aforesaid Phedre.
where she does not overstrain herself. sh«s
speaks Racine's alexandrines with a
caressing languorous melody that is quita
indescribable and within my experience
unique. How Duse treats verse we hava
no opportunity of Judginc; but certain it
is that she has not anything like Sarah's
stistained melltfluousness of delivery.
There are sharp and almost harsh notes
In her voice, thou*gh she can. on occasion,
modulate it to the most penetrating ten
derness."
Whether Madame Bcmhardt has had a
worse effect upon M. Sardou than M. Sar
dou has upon Madame Bernhardt would
be difflcult to decide, but probably the lat
ter is true; for with all her eccentricities
and extravagances Madame Bernharclt
has a soul capable of great things — as wit
ness her Phedre— while Sardou is merely
the cleverest stage carperter in the world,
wrfo will build you anything to order,
provided you pay him enough. Mr.
Archer (in the New Budget. June 6. lS9i>
once aptly described him ns an eminent
academician— most active purveyor of vic
tims to Madame Bernhardt. Kc then
added: "Here is a little tabular state
ment of the amours and homicides in
which Sardou has made himself her ac
complice. It will be noticed that in "Fe
dora," the flrst of the series, the blood
shed does not actually take plac* on the
stage. Sardou had not then vecognized,
the importance of petting tha scent ot
carnage over the footllght3:
'¦, Other admirable - passages are the de
scription, by Flambeau, (act: II) of th<
hardships of Napoleon's, soldiers and 01
his first meeting with.the King of Romi
In tho gardens of Saint Cloud. The Duke's
speech to Prokcsch (act IV, omitted In th<
representation) beginning: '
. , : ' '^Why. If you think of It, dear friend
Napoleon's eon, Don Juan, is strict legje —
Is a subtle piece -of -psychology and con
talris'ohe coup!et : - i " :
And, after all, who knows whether 'tis greatei
To conquer worlds or ba a moment loved—
"Worthy to rank with the famous
No, my dear love, I lov« you not.
In the fifth act of "Cyrano de Bergerac'
Theso and other portions of the play <$ha1
.might be, mentioned will be studied anc
METTEJINIC1I
The Escurlal! Grisly phantona
And frowning walla! .
THE DUKE
Ah. hither! smilln*; visions:
Complete and Malmalson!
METTERNICH"
You see themt se« them !
THE JDUKE
Roll drums of Arcola, and drown his voice!
METTERNICH
The mirror's teemlnsr! i
./, .— ,, , . . :; THE DUKE
(T-«cl«tlnff his -wrists loose, but etUl holding
tha chandelier) -' [l~
&£'-¦} I will shatter It!
METTERNICH
Others, and others" yet arrive!
.. • ' 0 ' 1. " . THE DUKB
the." chandelier into the mirror)
•Tis shattered!
Not one remains! Not one!
METTERNICH
"(Polntlns-at the Duke with a terrible ges
ture)
Yes! One! * .
THE DUKE -
It is not I! Not I! My father! - Help!
¦•¦¦-•¦•
Had M> ; Rostand often written thus. It
Had. been vain to blame him, as Johnson
piiidof Gray, and useless to praise him.
Despite the war in South Africa the Britislrliavc been pushing forward the great works un
dertaken in that continent, ahd it is said that in a time comparatively short there will be completed
the immense dam on the Upper Nile which is to conserve water for the protection of the countrv
from famine, and the telegraph line from. the Cape to Cairo: Thus it appears that while civilization
may be barbarous in its methods of aggression, the results areigood.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE ELECTION.
ALLSan Francisco has an ; interest- in -the election of .trustees of the Mechanics' Institute on '¦
Tuesday; -Tm'S'is- the only city of metropolitan pretensions in America that has not a library
adequate to the needs of its people, and under existing conditions "the 'Mechanics' Institute
is the only organization to which we can- look with a reasonable expectation that such a library
will be speedily provided. > ¦¦••;'"?•¦ ; -' ; ' ''¦"
Until, a new spirit has been infused in the municipal administration.it is not likely the Public
Library will be provided with a suitable building and amply; supported; nor can we look to the-
Mercantile Library., with much ¦• of hope, for that: institution .for several .years past has had a hard
struggle even to keep alive; 'In the Mechanics'. Institute then; for the present at least, is centered
the hopes of the people for agopd library, and' it' dependsuipon tlie .'members of* that association
whether those I hopes\,will*'be : realized or^ disap^pointed. ; ' / V : : '
: Holding, its present position ofadvantage among the libraries of 'the city, the Mechanics'
Institute has onlyAtbrgo boldly^fdnvard ! to obtain the liberal;support of ¦ ithev whole .people:- It- is r
human nature to follow that ; which progresses and to turn with indifference .from that 'i which hesi
tates;/ If ; thc;merrmers; of the a board- of trustees > who will provide "their- library '
and adorn, the city, with a stately and commodious building, if they, will rene\y the efforts to con- :
solidate with tlie^Mercantile and .other libraries? of^ the city on lines similar to those followed in the '
consolidation of -the great libraries in New Yprk;\if in short they build up a library that puts San
Francisco on something like equality in that respect with other large cities of the United Stages
there will be not" only a considerable increase of members, but a liberal support from* men of
wealth:; It would then soon be possible for the institution" to obtain 'the Bancroft Library* the
Sutro Library and other large collections of bdokson this coast. Once started, its own momehtum
would carry it forward. It would: grow like a snowball in motion.- Let us hope the association Will
be equal to the opportunity, and that on Tuesday none but live men will be' elected to the board
The Empire of the East was in business at Constantinople, where in 787 Constantine the
Fifth and Jiis mother, Irene, were running it. The era of the iconoclasts, the image-breakers, had
just closed, and Irene had won her final, canonization 'as a saint by permitting images of the
holy family and of other sacred persons to be put again in the Christian churches. So^no one in
that part of the worlofwhere Caesar and Cleopatra had gloried and drank deep was making coins
in their honor or to perpetuate their pagan memories.
We get the word numismatic from an old Greek root that means to distribute; "nomad-'
comes from the same root,-^and it came'to be applied to coin in the'sense of . its currency., .. :
. Mr. Chard's find is hot an important c6htribution;to numismatic science. It is simply a
corroded, old .Connecticut; 'copper cent, issued in" 1787. ¦'. . A ; ,
: On the 20th of October, 1785, Connecticut issued a grant to Samuel Bishop, Joseph Hop
kins, James Hillhouse and John Goodrich,. authorizing them to coin coppers to an amount not ex- '
ceeding ten thousand pounds. This grant was for'five years, biit : the mint" operated onlyithree^
, years. The copper coins it made, have on the obverse a laureated, bust adornedwithfdrapery and :
•the legend "Auctori Connec." On the reverse is a- female figurie, seated, holding in the right hand
an olive branch and ;in the left a- staff; legend "Indeet : Lib." -The date occupies the exergue.
So this is only one of;Bishop & Cq/s old,red centSi a'coiri' that is far from rare. We are
'to furnish this information to, quiet the feeling- of envy that would swell the hearts of numisrnat
. ists like Mr. Chard' ahd w the : newspaper men who-have published- his great discoverv >' ' ' ' '
This information is instructive, if not at the same time amusing. The people who have been
at such expense to send this coin, by telegraph and put it in print should have reflected that
Caesar and the Sorceress of the Nile would not be put upon any coin of date A. D. 787. There
was no Roman empire to speak of at that time. In the year 476 one Odoacer ruled at Rome, over
what had been called the Empire of the West, but. he went but of the Emperor business and called
himself simply "King of Italy."
A TELEGRAM from Port Chester, N. Y., has, through the Chronicle, informed the western
world of the discovery of a numismatic treasure. The finder describes Jt as a copper coin,
with Caesar on one side and Cleopatra on' the other, with the words "Auctoris Connec''
keeping Caesar company, while the daughter of the Ptolemys sits near the legend ''Inde.et Lib,"
and the date 787. Mr. Chard is the finder, and. he says with confidence that it is the oldest coin
in America, having reached the venerable age of. 11 13 years.
SOME NUMISMATICS.
Yet another pitiful chapter In the pa
thetic history of thoss once so prominent
musicians. Jacob and Inez Fabbri Mueller,
lias closed this wee^ in the hospital!
Where Mr. Mueller Is now !y!ng in a very
precarious condition from the effects of
t!.e amputation of h!s !<?ft leg, which took
place on Monday last. The history of the
Mueller* reads like an old morality, with
the uncertainty of lift- for It« wearily fa
milar text. Mrs. Mueller, the Inez Fab
bri of history, was the daughter of a
rich Viennese manufacturer, through the
loss of whose Xortu«i« she was. thrown on
her own resources at the early age of
sixteen. The your.-? JT»rl, with only come
slight experience of church singing, made
her debut as Lucrez'a Bcrgla In a small
Hungarian" town, Karhan, when only eix
iwninn • imn iiiiMiitiimtfriff - - ¦
V. UreutnaTido. conductor.
Professor Giullo MInettf. conductor. .
I"ii|cI!*h oration .....Hon. James D. Pbelaa
FiUrrim chorus, oj>era "I Lombard!" Verdi
Italian Philharmonic Club; Professor
Gurtftvo Panlzza. instructor; Professor
K. Martlnpi. conductor.
Xtal'en oration Chevalier J. Calwraris
"L*ix Etfma" .....Verdi
n-qulem mass, trio for Bcprano, tenor
and bass; Sljrnorlna. Fylvla Puerari and
Sigrncrl PIo Fa^cl and S. J. Sandi; Pro
feetcr S. Slartlaez. conductor.
ftcorditre" Verdi
Requiem raaM, <!uo for Koprano and con
tralto; SignorSna Kid Karbareschi and
Lla Polletinl; professor H. A. Lucchesl,
conductor.
•inseTtiisco" .....Verdi
P.cfjulom rr.355, solo for teaor; S!&r.or
Vittorio Ercanuele CasieUano; Professor
rt. A. Lucchesl, conductor.
•"Domine Jesus" Verdi
Kequiem mars. Quartet for ooprano,
mPEzo-soprar.c. trnor and bass; Blgnor
lna Ida Vaicrra and Ui Polletinl and
El»?nori I*lo Faecl and S. J. Sandl; Pro
fesrer n;u!Io Minettl, conductor.
"SIUrwpr<»."*frcm opera "U Trovatore".. Vfrfi
f-'lfscrlra Nice Barboreschl. Sienor V:t
torlo Emanuele CsrtMlano and chorus
of IUU!*n Philharmonic dub: Professor.
Gustavo Panizra. instructor; Professor
This afternoon at the Tivo'l the Italian
residents of the city will do honor to the
memory of their great compatriot. Verdi,
la a grand memorial service. All of the
prominent Italian musicians will lend
their assistance, and the musical pro
gramme will consist entirely of Verdi's
works. The following most Interesting
programme has been prepared:
PTrcphony of "Nabueco" Verdi
"Ask for more" — that is indeed a char
acteristic of San Francisco, and some
time, an' the humor takes me, I will dis
sertate upon the encore nuisance as it
abounds in our town, with the spirit of
vhich diatribe Miss Jackson, encored to
ccath, will agree.
There is one thing: Miss Jackson is mis
taken in Imagining that we deserve the
trivial little modern numbers which ap
r<*ar on her programmes as an apparent
concession to our supposed "Western
tastes. Dear child, we take our "Ring"
solid in Ban Francisco, and ask for more!
It !s pprhar?" ur-ftratpful to speak first
ot the unsatisfactory side of a perforrn
ancc. but it now only remains to praise
fo far as Miss Jackson Is concerned. The
pirl is an undoubted genius. Her bowing
is rtelifrhtfull}- free and sure, her tone
moft flrtjcateiy beautiful, her ear accurate
ar.d her r^adir.ss of a breadth and fine
neps nothing short of marvelous in ?o
young a player. Her repose is deceptive.
nrrd thr>u?h perhaps an apparent physical
fradlity accounts for a lack of force
which occasionally makes itself felt she
is possessed of all necessary fire. Her
admirable rendering of the Bruch G mln.
concerto and an extraordinary perfonn
cr.ee of a Pasranlnl "Caprice," in which
the famous technical difficulties were sur
mounted with the utmost apparent ease.
Ftajnp her as an artist who in very
short time will find herself with the really
Treat people of her time. One can under
rtand, too, that at the end of a long and
arduous tour the young artist was not
heard at her very highest.
S^Iden Prs.it. the pianist and ac
companist of the little company, is still
a quite ypung player. He shows both
taste and temperament, but his technique
is of the rough-and-ready kind, lacking
altogether in finish, and the subtler beau
ties of tone nuance have not yet made
their appearance in Mr. Pratt's reper
toire. His= accompaniments axe discreet
and usually tactful, but his whole work
leaves an impression of insufficient study
and a rather irreverent viewpoint. Also
there are a number of not uViamusing
mar-nerisms, of the ultra-sentimental sort,
which Mr. Pratt would do well to leave
behind him. They never would be missed.
Prelude and fujrue In C minor (Canoed)*
Berceuse (Goltermann) : andantino (GuYlUti 1
Menuct la O (Mczskowskl). x '"'•
The following numbers will be played
SE *? r - If J-JStewart thlg afternoon at
Trinity Church at the close of the vesper
Mile. Trebelli-Dolores left San Fran
cisco yesterday on her way to Australia.
Honolulu Is to have a small taste of the
favorite diva's quality. She will give two
concerts there. Her tour will be a very
extended one, in unfamiliar way's.-- and
she will not again be heard in California
for some years.
• . • • i
Song-lovers will be glad to hear of the
return engagement of the Hehschels. who
will give four extra recitals in San Fran
cisco during the coming week at popular
P f 1( £ S - * T1 l? flrst J ecitfiJ takes P'ac© to
night at Metropolitan Temple, and the
other three at the same place on the aft-
Mrs. A. T. King, a representative of the
Musical Courier, is in town and will re
main here for some weeks on special busi
ness connected with the journal.
? t • ¦ . •¦*•
For the last few years she herself has
stood In need of help and ! sympathy,
making always a worthy fight for her
own helping; but now, . in face of this
crowning misfortune of her husband's
mortal sickness, the old artist can no
longer stand alone. Many musicians fa
miliar with the story of her life have
helped her to the best of their ability, but
more Is needed, and they have now com
bined to give a benefit performance,
which, it is hoped, will be of effective
financial service. There. is yet no pro
gramme, but the performance is dated
for March 3, and will take place at Na
tive Sons' Hall— lest we forget. .U *
Jacob Mueller, to whom Mme. Fabbrl
was married after the death of Herr
Mulder, was a barytone of considerable
distinction, with a rich, cultivated voice,
and much dramatic ability. He came
with the artist to San Francisco In 1872,
and with her has been working In the
difficult field of pioneer musical endeavor
ever since. Many distinguished singers,
both European and American, owe their
success to the efforts of the Muellers,
Mme. Mueller being especially gifted as
a teacher, and many, many artists of
all kinds hold Mme. Fabbrl In gratefulest
memory for unwearying sympathy and
services at the disposal of an unfortunate
confrere at any and all times.
Her leading roles were Valentine in "Le3
Huguenots," Elisabeth In "Tannhauser,"
Leonora in "II Trovatore," Elvira in
"Ernanl," Anna in "I>on Juan." Bertha
in "Iv« Prophete," Alice in "Robert le
Diablo," Agathe in "Der Frelsehutz,"
Selika In "L'Afrlcalne," JLucrezla Borgia
and Recha in "La Julre"— in all of which
varied roles, lyric and dramatic, she seems
to have won an equal renown.
prima donna at Cove,nt Garden, at the
Imperial Opera-house in Berlin, and in
1S72 ended a second triumphant tour of
America in San Francisco, where she has
since remained as singer' *nd teacher.
T3 111x1 ••
rrooably the greatest opportunity is now open to the counties in the Sierra foothills. They
have plenty of good and cheap land, picturesque scenery, fine climate, and great. productive
capacity. What may be made of all these advantages may be estimated by looking at Placer
County'on both sides of the railroad from' Rocklin to Colfax, or at El Dorado from Folsom to
Placerville, or at the region around Porterville, and at that bit of the' Orient dropped down like a
fairy carpet around Oroville. If every mile of the rich but rough looking land in the foothills were
equally improved the State would be immensely advanced in its material resources and popula
tion. The foothill counties should not drowse and forget their opportunity. -They should be
moved by the enterprise that thrills the valleys and do their part toward welcoming the heme
seeker and making him contented and prosperous. , S:
Those States get immigrant excursions, and the land jrrant roads have low fares for intend
ing settlers, to sell their lands, and all of these combined efforts of the people and the railroads
keep adding to the population. It is interesting to observe that there is a sort of displacement of
population by this process. The roads which carry land buyers and settlers into those States carry
land sellers and emigrants out. These have found the climate too rigorous, or they were temporary
settlers, intending only to homestead land, improve and sell it to raise a stake witlrwhich to suit
themselves better. That, class are looking to California, and California should begin to primp and
display her gifts and graces to attract and satisfy them. Our overland roads have put on an im
migrant rate that equalizes us with the South and Middle West, as far as the cost of travel enters
into the problem of getting settlers.
• The railroads have touched the button and we must do the rest. The first note of warning
and call to duty comes from the State Board of Trade. That organization, is being overwhelmed
with requests for literature advertising California. The demand comes from Eastern people who
are accustomed to that method of getting the attention of migratory families. California must re
spond. The Board of Trade has literature from only a few counties and its own excellent reports
to send out. The counties should wake up, In a few months the State is going to be on view at
the Buffalo- Exposition in the most attractive and practical . form of display. There will, be vast
crowds of people there who will want to know in what kind of land- figs, "grapes, oranges, pom
egranates, peaches, prunes, wheat, corn, oats antf barley all grow together and at what price it
This competition, for the migrating- population is very keen, and the States which are in it
find that it pays. The prairie States .teem^\yith : population, but they are cryjng for more. One
would think that Iowa, with of two and a half millions on an area of 55,000 square
miles, would omit efforts to attract*more people; but that State is as active as it was forty years
ago in soliciting new settlers.' The' same is true of all its neighbors in the upper Mississippi
Vallev. • •¦•- W^Wzi • ' b:!%M ¦ ¦ . V.-;f.
ADVERTISE THE STATE.
A TRAVELER in the Eastern States is struck ;fc>y the persistent advertising of. the resources
and advantages of the old-settled" States, as : well ' as of the newer communities between the
Mississippi and the Rocky Mountains. v : • ;
It strikes one as odd that every railway station "and hotel reading-room should be filled
with literature setting forth the advantages "of : New York in agriculture find horticulture, as. well
as in manufacturing, the fisheries and other industries; But not only that, but all of the Middle
States follow that policy. The. Southern States are copious and costly advertisers. Their clem
ent climate is especially in evidence, and '-'tlie great Southern Railway and the Plant system furnish
the most charming pictorial matter; arid employ writers of the best literary style, to boom the scen
ery, resources and advantages of tlie* Sunny South.
THE; S/MN FRi^jSg 13gC> C A LL^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.; ;; ~:v ; 'Address Communications, to W.-S. LEAKE, Manager
Publication Office <!0pi&&»e^> Market and Third, S. F.
r f 1T{K chief musical event of the by
| pov.c creek hns been, of course, th«
| Leonora Jackson concerts of Hon
5 flay. Weririosday and Saturday, ami
** It Jf» a rrf^asure to record a very
Baffldeot ratisfetetlon with the perform
ances of this . largely advertised youns
jrirl violinist. Her support disappoints.
Ml^s Jowphlne Eiburna. while ponwssins
:i vrice of much natural beauty and wide
rnrpe. hap but little knowledge of the
f=;nr.cr"s» art. Her articulation is conspic
uously crude, hrr'rhraslng prtmitive. her
breathing nocr and her tone production
rnfFt unpstipfactory. Withal, the delight
ful ouallty and patisfysng volume of the
\nire appeal", and with a beUer method
Miss Klburr.a would be a very serviceable
Finger.
teen years of age. For four years sh<»
pane in the smaller towns of Austria and
Germany, faithfully -studying In the in
tervals between rehearsals and' appear
ances. She then married; the impresario,
Mulder, and mad* her first appearance in
America in 1838, arousing 'the wildest en
thiiPlasm from Chile to Boston, in the
Arsentlne Republic, in New .York, Chi
cago, in the West Indies, where towns
were illuminated in her honor, vessels
christened by her name, and where she
¦iu fetod, flattered, courted and caressed
ns the usual idol of tiie populace is adored
for her little day. Then came a triumph
ant return to Europe, crowned by her in
stallation as prima donna of the Royal
Opera-house In her native city of Vienna
in 1SG3. Since that time she has been
18
• •
I
r
Title Part.
Lover.
Victim.
Instrument.
Finale.
I
Fedora.
Theodora.
\j\ Tofrta.
Glsmonda.
Lorls. ¦
And'tas.
Marto.
Almerio.
Valerian.
M.ircelio.
Scarplno.
Zaccarla.
letters.
Hairpin.
Bread Knife.
Hatchet.
Suicide by poison.
Execution by bowstrlnff.
Leap from battlements.
I
r
Title Part.
Lover.
Victim.
Instrument.
Finale.
I
Fedora.
Theodora.
\j\ Tofrta.
Glsmonda.
Lorls. ¦
And'tas.
Marto.
Almerio.
Valerian.
M.ircelio.
Scarplno.
Zaccarla.
letters.
Hairpin.
Bread Knife.
Hatchet.
Suicide by poison.
Execution by bowstrlnff.
Leap from battlements.
Alcazar— "What Happened to Jones."
Columbia— "ZaEa." Monday, February 25
California— '-The Village Parson.".
Tlvoll— "Wizard of the Nile." ,
Central— "Chlmmle Fad(len." :
Alhambra— Minstrels.
Grand Opera-house— "A Husband's Honor "
Grand Opera-house— gembrlch Opera Cnm
panr. March 18th. , pe ™ u>m '
Orrihcu ra— Vxud e v 11 1 e.
Olytr.f.la. coVner Mason and Eddy str»<>t«
Specialties...- : ¦ . • Btreels —
Chutee, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville everv
afternoon and evenins. *
Ki*cher'»— Vau<le\ille. . .
Metropolitan Temple — Henschela, Recital
Mechanics' Pavilion— XorrJ»& Rowe's Train**
Animal Show. Saturday. March 2d. ir »'npa
California Jockey Club (Oakland)-Races tb-
morrow. . . .
. Tanforan ; Park— Races to-morrow. '
Union Couraine Park— Coursing.
AMUSEMENTS.
"Patsy, do you bunk down In Clark
street these cold nljrhts?" Iark
"Naw! For five per week I gets a — ool
place to sleep every night." "
"Do you mean to say you pay $3 D »
week for a placo to s>ep?" */.
"Naw: they pays. m« that. I'm nieht
watchman."— Chicago Tribune. ai sm
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men bv th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
Somery st. Telephone Main 1042 •
- "¦ ¦ ¦.<'¦•¦-¦-. ... -
Qrixhr'TT' knocks out the Grip, while Hi
toniclty sustains 'the flagging energies.
Colds — "77". breaks up a Cold that hang;
¦ on and does not yield to treatment.
Ihfiueiiza ; r'*77".cuts short a Cold In th<
head and thus prevents Catarrh.
Coushs— '*77" stops a Cough by allaying
the Inflammation and the tickling.
Sore Throat— "77" cures a Sore Throal
'by. healing and soothing the Irrltatec
membrane. •
Handv— "77" consists of a small vial ol
pleasant pellets, just fits the vest pocket
At all drugstores or mailed. 23c.
; JET Dr. Humphreys' Book mailed free.
Humphreys' Homeopathic Medicine Co.. cor
William and John sts.. New Tork.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Best eyeglasses and specs. 15c, 40c: look
out lor 61 4th st., front barber & grocery.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend'*.*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
1 B. KATSCHINSKI, I
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. 1
I 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. |
1 FOR CJHOE I
1 iE^L-DPECIAL
gj Matlmesea. cloth too lace. v!c! kl-l g
M foxlngs with fancy perforations, fij
» .straight patent leather tips, French 5
H he*l!«. sewed sole* and new coin toes. ¦
H Sire* T\i to 7. widths AA to E.
r| THESE SHOES ARE A DECIDED H
H BARGAIN. 4
EB We carry a full line of LADI2S' g
H GOLF and TRAMPLNO SHOES, AND fl
M THE PRICES THE LOWEST. «|
H NOTICE— This stor« closes at ( p.. in. t\
Pffl " weekdays and 11 p. m. Saturdays, and j4
y wilt continue to close at these hour*. I
I] PROVIDED ALL OTHER SHOE A
H STORES WILL DO THE SAME.
tl Fre« Delivery to Oakland. Berkeley £3
¦ and Alameda. -5
9 PHILAOELPliSHOE GO. I.
I 10 THIRD ST.. San- Francisco. | •PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
of railroads. ......
Office/ SO Montgomery street. •
MARQUIS OF EEADFORT
DEIJTJES EEPOETED MAKBIAGE
£&id to Have Eloped With Ilis3 Rosie
Boote, an Actress Playing 1
in London.
LONDON', Feb. 22.— Miss Rosle Boote
cf the "Floradora" company declines to
confirm or deny the report of her mar
riage to the Marquis of Headfort, but tha
fact 1» accepted by society, where It has
caused an immense sensation.
It is saJd that the Marquis of Headfort's
mother became aware of the young
guardsman's Intentions pome time ago.
through a letter found by his valet In the
Uarquis' pocket n.aking arrangements
for Miss Boote to meet him at the Reg
istry office and get married. The valet
took the letter to tbe Marchioness, trho
proceeded to ' stop the wedding. The
Marchioness, however, recently went to
Cairo, leaving her ten In the care of his
brother officers of th«» Life Guards. The
latter have be*-n keeping close watch on
the Marquis. They kept him practically
confined to barracks, but, it is said, he
managed to slip off Thursday, when the
marriaee is alleged tc have taken place.
Miss Boote played a small part In "The
Messenger Boy" at the Gaiety Theater
and accompanied Manager George Ed
wards to the United Statcc as a chorus
girl In "The Runaway Girl."
The Marquis of Headfort to-day tele
graphed to tbe Associated Press as fol
lows:
"WINDSOR. Feb. £J.-Klnfily contradict
the report of my being married."
EDWARD WTLIi VISIT
EMPRESS FREDERICK
Greeted by Cheering Crowds During
3>rive From Iffarlborough House
to the Station.
IX>X1X)N. Feb. a.— King Edward left
to-nlgbt Jor Port Victoria, where he will
embark oa the royal yacht Victoria and
Albert for Flushing, en -route for Cron
b*rg, whither he goe« to pay a visit to tho
Dowager Kmpress Frederick. He ¦was ac
companied only by Blr . Francis Laklng.
Captain Ponsonby and Captain Welch,
formerly commander of the royal yacht.
Though the drive from Marlborough
House to the etatlon wsuj made -without
an escort, the route -was lined with peo
ple, who cheered vociferously. His Majes
ty bowed and smiled. •
The royal yacht Is under orders to sail
to-morrow morning. Bhe will be escorted
by the cruisers Australia and Severn.
No guard of honor will b© mounted nor
Trill any Ealutes b« fired upon her de
parture.
Also Observed New Star.
COBURO. Feb. 23.— The new Btar of the
first magnitude which •was discovered
yesterday by Dr. L. D. Anderson of Edin
burgh In the constellation Perseus was
simultaneously observed by Professor
Orimmler at the Erlaneer Observatory,
Bavaria.
Blizzards in Russia.
ODESSA. Feb. 21— Following a week of
intermittent enowstorms a terrific bliz
zard has been raging in this region since
yesterday mornin?. The railways are
blocked and numerous trains are snowed
in Many villagers are blockaded in their
homes, and there is six feet of snow In
the etreets. , .
Ibsen Recovering.
CHRISTIAN'IA. Feb. 21— The report
cabled to the United States that.Henrlk
Ibsen, the Norwegian poet and novelist,
who has been suffering from influenza,
had suffered a relapse, is unfounded. On
the contrary, hla condition is Improving
fiailr.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. Feb. 3.— Other changes be
sides the resuscitation of court activity
are likely to signalize the new reign be
fore long.
After half a century of religious ob
servance of the doctrine of free trade
there are indications of an era. of moder
ate protective tariff in the near future.
For months past the London papers
have been teeming: with notes of vrarnxos
to British manufacturers agrainst the en
croachments of American competitors.
"Wake up, England," haf been the
Bte&diOS headline in the Daily Express
over a column of anything but palatable
iiome truths for th«i British public.
The opportunity Jb now deemed ripe for
retaliation.
Russia's action on sugar duties, couplpd
with the growing necessity of finding
fresh sources of revenue, has suggested
import duties on foreipn manufactures as
a means of killing two birds with one
etbr.e — keeping out American importations
and providing means of revenues sadly
neoded. Another step in the name dir*?c
tion is the proposed export duty on Welsh
CoaL
With th9 New Rdgn May
Come a Moderate Pro
tective Tariff.
ENGLAND WEARY
OF FREE TRADE
DISPOSITION
OF ALASKA MAY
FIRST COME UP
Kept Secret.
Decision on Hay-Paunce
fote Amendments
Treaty Will Probably Lapse
Before Final Agreement
Can Be Made.
So far the United States embassy Is
without the vaguest indication of Great
Britain's reply. and Mr. Choate has not
received any summons from the Foreign
Office.- In the ordinary course of events
he will pay his weekly diplomatic visit
Tuesday, and K Is possible the answer
may be delayed .'until 1 then. ' Even that
will be speedy procedure for the Foreign
Office, as '. the. cumbersome machinery of
the Cabinet and Government offices work
much slower- as. a general rule. Unofficial
rumor persists in putting down Alaska
among, the subjects Great Britain Is de
sirous, of having se'tUed prior -to meeting
the NfcaraKuan.-c'anal demands.
It is -stated that tho Colonial Office has
been busily engaged in gathering Alaska
data within the past few weeks and this
may be taken-to some extent an confirma
tion of the. report. -However, Mr. Cham
berlain's department hAs • serious doubts
as to whether the United States will con
sider Alaska and Nlodic'gua In one breath.
It may be related without a shadow of
donbt that the' Hay-Pauncefote treaty
will lapse, barYlng always the possibility
of the State Department's acceptance of
conditions that la ihe ordinary course of
eventB would take months to negotiate.
The counter- proposals are not made in
the belief that they are impossible of ac
ceptance, though; they are or rather will
be suggested, with thorough cognizance of
the fact that no satisfactory conclusion
could "be reached in the time remaining
before the Hay-P.au ncefote treaty lapses.
In the course of a conversation with a
correspondent to-day a responsible offi
cial satirically remarked that Great Brit
ain would be only too delighted to meet
the Senate's wishes if "the Senate was
equally willing to meet Great Britain**.
The mere fact that an- adequate discus
sion of the matter was impossible prior
to the lapsing of the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty was 'a circumstance over which
Great Britain had no control, but which
he trusted. would not interfere with the
eventual settlement. ..-¦-.¦
LONDON. Feb. 23.— The draft of the
Cabinet's decision on the Senate's amend
ments to the Hay-Pauncefote treaty is in
process of being drav.-n up in the Foreign
Office. It is quite possible the reply to
Secretary Hay's note may be transmitted
through Lord. Paunccfote instead of
through Mr. Choate, though Lord Lans
downe has not yet indicated which medi
um he prefers.-' Diplomatic precedent
rather favors making Lord Pauncefote
the bearer of the . message. While the
exact nature of the British counter pro
posals' is still kept secret. It is safe to
pay that if- they arc considered at all by
the United States they will entirely pre
clude a conclusibn being reached before
the date when the Hay-Pauncefote treaty
lapses. .' ¦
VAUGHAN'S STAND
ON KING'S OATH
Directs That a Communion
of Reparation Be .Cele
brated by Catholics.
The Cardinal says he broug-ht the mat
ter to the attention of a Cabinet Minister
three years ag-o, who told him the Govern
ment would not take up the subject. After
the Queen's death he wrote a letter to thu
King "couched in terms of • fidelity anj
dictated alike of conscience and loyalty."
The Cardinal does not say whether he re
ceived a reply. The Cardinal commend*
the Catholic peers' protest and hopes
"this remnant of hateful fanaticism will
soon be removed."
The Cardinal's declaration says the
British Parliament, alone of all the Parli
aments of the world, declares two sacred
Catholic doctrines are "superstitious and
idolatrous." They are held sacred by 12,
000.000 of the King's subjects and beside i
the Roman church, the Greek and East
ern communities.
LONDON, Feb. 23.— Cardinal Vaughan
has issued a declaration against the antl-
Cathclic oath taken by KJnff Edward on
the occasion of his accession to the
throne and "with the hope of repairing
and canceling- the injuries thus commit
ted against the divine Majesty," he directs
that a general communion of reparation
shall be celebrated in every Catholic
church within his Jurisdiction the second
Sunday in Lent, and that in future tho
words "in reparation" shall be. prefixed
and read before the divine praises recited
after benediction.
LONDON,. Feb.. 23.— The Daily Express
publishes t,he j following from its Odessa
correspondent: ¦ Several of the Russian
provinces are still suffering' acutely from
famine. In". Uie'^srovernment* of 'Kherson
and Bessarabia tens of thousands are
famishing. .Amid th* additional hardships
of the severe' winter, hunger-typhus is
rapidly spreading also.
The condition • ot the peasantry In the
famine districts of southwestern Russia is
equally lamentable: but It Is worst of all
in the northern and east Volga, provinces,
where the people for two months have
been subsisting- on roots, srrasses and of
fal, and are now dying of sheer starva
tion. As In- previous famines, the ab
sence of sufficient rolling Btock prevents
a distribution of stored grain to the fam
ine districts. ;;
HUNDREDS : FEHISHING .....'.
OF . HUNGER IN RUSSIA
NEW YORK. Feb: 23.-D;stri^t At
torney Philbin stated tn-day that
he had not yet drcHMl whether
Dr. Samuel j. Kennedy would be
put on trial fnr the third time for
the murder of "Dolly" Reynolds, but a
decision Is expected by next Monday. He
would be sruided by the velfht of the evi
dence brought forward. The second trial
terminated yesterday, " When the jury
failed to agree upon a verdict after de
liberating twenty-three.'hours.
DOLLY P.ETNOLDS.'A BEAUTIFUL YOUNG GIRL OF GOTHAM, AND DR.
SAMUEL J. KENNEDY. WHO WILL HAVE TO BE TRIED A THIRD
TIME FOR HER MURDER.
New York's District Attorney Undecided
Concerning a Third Trial for Dr.
S. J. Kennedy, the Alleged Murderer
"DOLLY" REYNOLDS
SLAYER MAY ESCAPE
BY GABUE TO THE CALL.
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
GERMANY FEARS
SPREAD OF THE
TARIFF WAR
America Are Dis
cussed.
Russia's Relations With
General von Werder Instructed
to Discuss the Matter With
the Czar if Possible. >*f:
BERLIN. Feb. 23.— The two Russian
and semi-official declarations amounting
to threats of a vigorous tariff war if Ger
many, under Agrarian pressure, should
persist in levying heavy import duties up
on foreign agricultural products, have
been the chief topic of public discussion
here, both by :he Government organs and
the Agrarian inrt the anti-Agrarian pro*:*.
The Nation to-day contains a remarkable
article on the subject by Dr. Barth. the
leader of the Freisinnige party, review
ing Russia's economic relations with Ger
many and the United States and saying:
"The recent Russo- American tariff war
is of a temporary nature, since Russia is
systematically working to establish the
closest relations with the United State*,
not | only l commercial but financial, thus
assuming the position Germany has here
tofore occupied. This forms an inherent
part of Russia's policy. It is not only
M. de Witte's policy, but it is the policy
of the whole Government."
These statements, it is asserted, are
based on insidi information.
Privy Councilor Timiriaseff of the Rus
sian embassy In Berlin made statements
to a correspondent substantially agree
ing with the foregoing. He corroborated
the statement that th« article which cre
ated such a sensation here emanated
from De WItte and said the commercial
treaty with Germany was concluded be
cause Germany sensibly reduced the du
ties" upon Russian cereals. If the duties
were now largely increased, including ad
ditional duties upon cattle, meats and
eggs, the whole basis of Russo-Germaxi
relations would be changed, resulting per
haps not In an actual tariff war, but In
a- treatyless era not much b«tter than a
tariff war. The Kreuz Zeitunt now says
it would'.be better to pass the old Kanlts
bill, which would virtually create the em
pire's monopoly in grain, but which would
not interfere with Russia and would not
lead to a tariff war. This idea is taken
up to-day by a. number of Agrarian pa
pers.' . • .
General von Werder starts to-day on a
month' 8 trip to Russia. The general saw
Emperor William thi3 week. It is learned
on reliable authority that while It Is true
General von Werder goes to Russia in re
sponse to the regular annual invitation
from the Czar, with whom" he. Is a great
favorite. Emperor William has Instructed
him to the effect that if, during his stay,
the conversation should turn that way.
General von Werder might explain the
actual state of the Anglo-German rela
tions and Emp«ror William's motives for
his conduct during his recent visit to Eng
land.
Woodmen Must. Pay.
j Th'e Tsarevitch Ts ' of 12.SS0 tons dis
placement. She is 318 feet. 6 Inches long,
beam 75 feet 2 . Inches and her mean
draught is 26 feet She has two propellers,
and- her indicated horsepower is 16,300.
: Her armored belt is nine Inches thick,
the armor- on her gun position Is 10.5
Inches thick and her deck plating is threo
inches thick. Her armament consists of
four 12-inch guns, twelve 6-inch quick
firing guns, twenty 3-lnch guns, two 2.5
inch guns, . twelve 8-inch guns and six
•1.4-lnch guns. The Tsarevitch has an es
timated speed of 18 knots, and her normal
coal capacity, is 2000 tons. '
' ; CLINTON, Iowa. Feb. 23.— In the Dis
trict Court to-day Thomas Burke was
awarded $1000 damages for injuries re
ceived when initiated by the Modern
¦Woodmen.- - . • .. ,, . . ' ...
TOUL/ON, .Feb. 23.— The Russian battle
ship Tsarevit'ch was launched to-day at
La Seine, In the bay opposite. Toulon.
RUSSIAN BATTLESHIP
TSASJS V ITCH. LAUNCHED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUKDAT, FEBRUARY 24, rl901.
NOISY DEMONSTRATIONS /
IN THE'EEICHSTAQ
VIENNA, Feb. 23.— The withdrawal in
the Reichstag to-day of gome of the In
terpellations in connection with Catholi
cism led to noisy demonstrations on the
part of the. Pan-Germans < and counter
demonstrations from the Centrists.. Herr
Wolff led the manifestantsrehanting the
refrain,' "Away With Rome." The up-,
roar continued for some. time. The house
eventually went into secret session. ' j
PEKING, Fob. 23.— Sir 'Robert Hart.'
chief of the Chinese Imperial Customs,
has nent the Ministers of the powers a
stronply worded letter of protest against
the seizure of his property to Increase the
size of the legation area. which has been
taken by Austria, France, .Germany and
Italy. The latter power has taken the.
ground on which Sir Robert's house was
eltuated. He says it can only be Chinese
Government property In j an Indefinite
sense, in that during .the .past twenty
years part of hip salary as a Peking of
ficial has been given to him in houses
instead of the Government paying in'
cash. Sir Robert also put money Into the
purchase of land, in building houses and
in keeping them In repair. Ho considered
that, havinK lived there for twenty years,
he owned the property absolutely. It is
generally understood In the service that
whoever bas lived, that lopjr in. a house
owned it, having purchased it on rent
allowance. He saya Italy.-.especialiy had
suitable grounds and that she- had no.
reason to share In the general gratis .dis
tribution of lands for the various lega-.
tions. • •-• - ¦ : -.'¦¦, _- .« *•¦ .-. •• .. .; . .
" Sir Robert alBO points to his many
years in the. service'of 'the"for<»igT> powers
and to his having' made the customs pay.
the principal and interest on loans,: a
thoroughly International service, and that
he has even paid the Interest on the loans
since the troubles began, and he", thinks
he ought, to. have received. more consid
eration. • . • •
Chief of Chinese Imperial Cus
toms Claims Lands Wanted
by Legations.
Sir Robert Objects to
Giving Up Private
Property.
HART PROTESTS
AGAINST GRAB
OF THE POWERS
SIR ROBERT HART, CHIEF OP
THE CHINESE IMPERIAL,
CUSTOMS.
19
VVVmUV V»V»VVt 01RECIU1£ 18 TAHITI.
THE 0. R. & B. CO.
. DISPATCH VAST . STB AMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Ep«ar-8treet Wharf at 11 a. in.
£1 nr $12 first Class Including Berth
FAnC $8 Second ClaM ' aqd Mtals.
COLUMBIA B*H«.V..;..Y... ..Feb. M. M«r. 4
GEO. W. ELDER Satis. ...... Fab. 17. 77. MAr. 9
Short Line to Walla Walla, Epokane. Butte.
Helena aad all points ln the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Eart. v
. E. C. "WARD. General Agent.
¦ ... 430 Market st.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMZBS.
TOYO KISEN KAKBA.
STEAMERS ¦WUJt. LBAVB WHART, COR.
ner First and Brannan streets, at I p. n»..
for YOKOHAMA »nd HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
eonaecttns? atvHonxkoatr with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU.t..rriday. March IB. tttt
SS. HONGKONG MAKU..TuMday. April «, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU -Friday. May I. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
tr«l*nt and passage apply at company's of fie*.
in Mat*et street, corner First. .
- , . W. H. AVERT. General Agest.
tf^nS^kSut BI B '« Sis » nou -poison cram
jTjJlXlfcTlSWmrQJ] remad; for Gonorrhoea,
TsHHroCSEv^ul Oleet, 3 p«rm » K»rrha»,
tol'l»ri-^S w °^ev unnatural dij-
U9w Q»mau*i Q ehatgt , or any in2a«nxa-
SvV »•« <" «rt«wf*. tion. t rlutloa or ulcer*.
P^^ffr«Tc«»» (OBWCtaa. tion .f m u o o a ¦ mem*
fcSJTiiEEwnCHHiimfa, b l", e !- * Vo^""^. ant -
\ J0»m by exprww, prepaid, fo*
fl.CO, or 3 bottle*. t2.73.
** T Wf!m9 f \>' B Z- 7al*r ten: oa re^i^aW
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcetto."
MON.. Tue*.. Wad.. Thun. and 1 Sat at t:U
a. m., 3:15. »:W p. m. (ex. Thursday night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:SO; SunJays. 10:30 *. m.. J
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock. '
Pier No. 1. Telephone Main 15<H.
C0B7AOVI1 eiJTEHALS TSAHSATIABTXQTrE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -(lim
Balling every Thursdav. Instead of^EirCj
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier tt"-*™^ 8 *
North Birer. foot cf Morton street. First class
to Havra. f53 aad upward. 8«<ond cla«a i t»
Bavwl »5 aS upward. GENERAL. AOENCT
FOR UNTTED STATES and CANADA. 3J
Broadway (Huda«n bulldlns). Kew Tork. J.
F^TJOAZI ft CO.. Paelflo Coast Agents. I
Montgomery avenue. San Franeiseo. Ticket*
sold br all Rallrood Ticket A«ept».
PACiriO 8TSAM HAVIUATlOIf 00. AHO
' COKPANIA SCO AHEHICANA OX TAPOUS
To Valparaiso, - stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. : Sailing: -
SS. COLOMBIA March 7. 1801
SS.TUCAPEU ..March 20. 1901
88. AREQUIPA April 4. 1M1
83. L1MAJRI ..........;....;........ .April 17. 1*01
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and I South 'American . passenger service. (So
change at Acapulco or Panama.) "- Freight and
passentrer office. 318 California street. -
BAI.FOUB. CUTHBXB & CO.. Agent*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
nr TCRK, SODTSAMPTOS, L0ITO05. P1SXX
Ptopplnsf at Cherbonry, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. ra.
New York Feb. 2T|New Tork March 20
Vaderland ....March « Vaderland ....March Zl
EU Louis March UlSt. Louis April 3
RED STAR LINE.
M«W York, and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Frlesland Feb. XT Kensington ...March "0
Bouthwark ....March ( Noordland ....March 17
Weaternlaad... March IS Frlesland April S
SKnTOATXOKAl. X^OlTK^COgPAXT.
General Agent Pacific Coait,
30 Montgomery street.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
a Steamers leave Broadway
jfc. wharf. San Francisco:
t*8*hitr F"or Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
wSS^&k, Feb. 23, March 2. Chanpra to
RPt55*SK rcln P an y" 8 «»amer3 at Seat-
K^a3l\flfl For Victoria, Vaneoavn- (B.
kBSCaSSII c ->. Port Towcsend. Seattle.
r^^^BtSBd Tacoma, Everett. Anacortei
¦ *^d New Whatcom OVash.V—
¦ . ,"¦• U a. m.. Feb. 25, March t and
every fifth day thereafter. Change at Seattl«
for this company's steamers for Alaska and
O. N. Ry. : at ; Seattle or Taeom* to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
• For Eureka. HuraboMt Fay— I p. ra.. Feb. 23.
27, March -4, and every fifth day thereafter.
1 For San Diego, stopping oniy at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Loe Angeles and Redondo (Loa
Angeles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. - m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay.
ucos. Port Harford (San L«ls Obispo). Oavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East Ban Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. m.; steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays, 9 a. m. . ,
"For F.n*en«da, Magdalena Bay, San Joe* it!
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Met)- 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
¦ For further Information obtain company's
folders.
,The company reserve* th« right to change
steamers, sailing dates and honrt of sailing
without r<T»vlou» notice.
. TICKET •OH'FICE— 4 New Montgomery
street fPnlnce Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS £ CO.. Oen. Agt«.,
? M9 Market st, San Francisco.
PANAMA R. R. 5^
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. «1OS: 8te«rag«. »4O.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, March. 5,
S S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 19.
S. S. Boanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
From wharf, foot of Frenwint it.. »t 1 »• ™-
Freicht and passenger otfic*. CO Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Paelflo Coast Ataot.
6S. MARIPOSA (Honolutaonly)...
Saturday. J>bruat* 23. 2 p. in.
SS SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Sew
Zealand and Australia ~.
Wednesday, March «, at » p. m.
ES. AUSTRALIA for TiJiltl..................
Wednesday. March 13. * p. m.
J. t.SPBECXEU k BUS. CO., tam! Ignis, S27 Martat SI
Sia'l Puangur QQa, 143 Harlot St., rtsr lo. 7, PjsIIs St
"^mmMMmmmmmuMiMMUMLMMJiujiiiiiiM^-—*—. ~ wmM , raaRtL
Dependable Drug's.
¦¦- '*-.•. '¦'
" " ' '
city and country
All pay the same price, whether they
buy by mail or over the counter.
Competition makes low prices, and as
we publish our prices to the world through
the papers, country people may know
our prices, as well as city folks.
Allcock's Porous Plasters 15c Hoff's Malts Extract 35c
Abbey's Salts 20c, 40c, 85c Jaync's Pills 20c \
Ackers Cough Remedy 20;, 40c Jayne's Tonic Vermifuge 30c j
Allen's Foot Ease 20c Kilmer's Swamp Root 40c, 85c
1} Allen's Hair Restorers Si. 00 - Llsterine 75c
Angiir's Petroleum Emul- Liebig's Extract of Beef 40c
sion 40c Lyon s T<x>th Powder 20c
Anderson' Kalmosal 20c Lablache Face Powder 35c
Ayer's Hair Vigor 75c Laxative Bromo Quinine 20c
Ayer's Sarsaparilla 75c Mellin's Food— large 55c
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral 20c Morse's Pills 20c
Anita Cream 40c McLalne's Pills 20c
Biickkn's Arnica Salve 20c Malted Milk 40c
Bucklen's Electric Bitters4o. 85c Mile's Nervine 85c
Bromo Seltzer 10c, 20c, 40c, 75c Mexican Mustang Lin!- jj
Benson's Capcine Palsters 20c , ment 20c, 40c, 85c -
Boschee's German Syrup 65c ' Merchant's Gargling OH 4oc
Bovinlne 50c, 85c McBurney's K. and B. Cure Jx. *
Blue Grass Bourbon Whis- Maltine Preparations 85c
key ft Modsne 85c
Borax Powder — Pound 10c Munyon's Remedies 1
Box Seidlttz P9wders 15c 20c, 40c, 85c
, Bath Sponges 5c Ozomulsion 85c
Beecham's rills 20c Our Native Herbs 85c
Carter's Pills 15c Pierce's Pills 20c
Chamberlain's Cough Rem- Pierce's Prescription 75c
edy 40c Pierce's Discovery 75c
Chamberlain's Pain Balm 40c Pierce's Smart Weed 40c
Chamberlain's Diarrhoea Pertma 85c
Remedy 20c, 40c Pears Soap 15c
Castcria 25c Pinkham's Pills 20c
Cuticura Soap 15c- . Pinkham's Compound 75c
Cuticura Resolvrnt 40c Pozzoni's Face Powder 35c
Cuticura Salve 40c Packer's Tar Soap 20c
Carlsbad Sprudel Salts 85c Piso's Cough Cure 20c
Perry Davis' Pain Killer 20c Paine's Celery Compound 75c
De Witt's Witch Hazel Radway's Ready Relief 40c
Salve 40c Swift's Specific 75c
Ely's Cream Balm 40c SkookumRootHairGrower85C
Eskay's Food 20c Seven Sisters Hair Grower 40c
Epsom's Salts— pound ioc Shilo's Consumption Cure 40c
Fellow's Syrup of Hypo- Syrup of Figs 35c <
phosphites $1.23 Scott's Emulsion 40c
Green Mountain Asthma Santal Miday 85c
Cure 20c Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c j
•Jlreen's August Flower 65c Steam's Headache Cure 20c
Jreen's Nervura 85c Smith's Dandruff Pomads 40c >;;
Glauber's Salts— pound 10c Schenck's Mandrake Pills 20c
Hall's Catarrh Cure 65c Soxodont . 20c
Hood's Sarsaparilla 75c St. Jacob's Oil 40c
Hood's Tooth Powder 20c Tarrant's Seltzer Aperient 40c
Harrison's 4- Day Hair Re- Trask's Magnetic Oint-
'storer 85c ment 20c
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters 85c VlnMarlani $x.oo 5
Hudyan's 40c Wyeth's Vichy Salt 40c
Hay's Hair Health 40c Wyeth *s Malt Extract 3 for 65c v'>
Ham lln's Wizard OU 40c, 85c Willam's Pink Pills 40c
Hoffman's" Headache Cure 20c William's Shaving Sticks 20c
Horsford's Acid Phosphate 40c XXX Horse Liniment 40c
Free delivery to railroad points within IOO
miles on all orders of $5 and upwards.
iThe Owl Drug Co. t|||
1 1 28 Market St. San Francisco jspS^l
Broadway & ioth St. Oakland Mj8$Sj&
• ' •¦ . .
My!jBttBBSBwflBj^ti<fciBK^^p^B^WkS[^pj1u» • WPEJk flSErV jtSff& wBBKj^k' *^^kOb '^^B BH • ¦ - ' *¦ •
r rJBp^^K^JEWflfcMsgr^^fc ¦ i ¦ iVHtfyVaULPaaV
flTTWrTfmBrlifii^Tfmhii ''^Ilii n VVr*i Milr^a "A KB vam EHL GB { ffinll - fll - V'L^i % 7 : (fflffl : nm ¦¦¦
I c-annot tc3 highly recommend Munyon's Witch W^B^pSSW^^^jrr-xx M A *^^^j$L^£&/\ I
$*M*ma Hszel Soap for ths Toilet, it will cure chapped |K^ffl|8|^B^^^^BfeAV\T | jQ fat
hands and lips in a night It will soften and Improve ' 9| W^» §^P%»
Sim any complexion. It will heal sores, cure baby rash, i^^^^^^S^X\ ' tri^M I #ffc %% W&Mr**^ I
|^«5^| and remove dandruff. It 1$ more soothing than cold W M*B^*^* /
H|^^m cream, more healing than any lotion, liniment or salve. ' \\\ \*T 4» m/5&?Jx!>&5x&&^ 1.
jfi$3gaj more beautifying than any cosmetic It is abso- Hm^^Pj|BaBBMBtsia^|^8BJ^^^^^^g^\\\^
lutely PURE. . '. 1^^^^^^^^^^
In order that the price may not prevent any one from'using-t sell
the regular 25 cent size for 15 cents,
P. 5.— I regard Soap as a Medicine. It affects the whole human system. It eitherbenefitsbr injures. The
pores of the body take intothe system more or less of the -soap, and the blood carries the Isame to ew^rgan of
the body. Therefore it is important that use onfy^soap that' is^^
ous alkalies. The time will come when scientists will discovertHat-m^
use of impure soaps. I want the public to have;the same xo^fidehcf}h'..my ; soap ;^
Cure or my Cold Cure. I know that my Rheumatism Cure will relieve almost^^ariy rheumatic pain in from one' to
three hours, and wiircure in a few days, just as surely. as; I know that m>r, ; C6ld»Cure wjllfcure'coldsiin-thehead;
colds on the lungs, new colds,- old colds^and [obstinate; cojd^
Knot only know it, but ;-. thousands ;-of people who" have^ been: cured over thexountry know; it; just as \t hey; knowithat
my Dyspepsia Cure and other Remedies do-all that I claim-for^them- ; Youxan v get the 5 Remedies at any druorVstpre,
mostly for 2? cts.- a vial, or-Broadway and"26th street^ew York." ' ' * '—— — : — - • "MUNYON.SWEEXET EE.VTE.N'CED.-James Sweeney,
recentiv convicted on a charge of petty lar
ceny, was sentenced to Ferve six months in the
County Ja!l by Judge Dunnp yesterday.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Feb. 23.-A special
from Ottawa says the Dominion Govern
ment has decided to open an assay office
at once In Vancouver, at which gold will
be purchased from returning miners at
its full va'ue. in the same manner as dur
ing the past season it ha« been purchased
at Seattle for the- United States mint. This
If said to be preliminary to the location
cf tbe Canadian mint at Vancouver.
Dominion Assay Office.
Evidences are not wanting that indicate
a determination on their part to strength
en their positions, the Atchison and the
Rock Island by funning traffic connections
and the latter by constructing its exten
sion from Liberal. Kans.. to a connection
the Atchison to afford it a Pacific
Coast outlet. In line with this is the Bur
lington determination to enter Salt Lake
and a revival of the Salt Lake-Los An-
Celes proposition.
The entire difficulty In that quarter
erises from the determination of the in
dependent roads, or, rather, the roads at
present left out of the harmony of Inter
est control, to strengthen themselves
against the Southern Pacific-Union Pa
cific combination on one hand and the
Missouri Pacific-Denver and Rio Grande
alliance on tho other. The independent
roaas are th<* Rock Island, the Atchison
end the Burlington.
NTE"W TORK, Feb. 23.— At a meeting of
Western railroad presidents in April one
of the Questions to be considered will be
the Southwestern situation, now compl'
cated. It Is 6aid. by the acquisition of the
Southern Pacific by the Union Pacific road
Despite all denials great vitality Is 6hown
in rumored differences existing in that
quarter between the Union Pacific on one
hand and the Rock Island and the Atchi-
Foa on the other, and the matter is fur
ther complicated by the attitude of the
Burlington road in seeking an entrance
into end an extension beyond Salt Lake
City, possibly to the Pacific Coast, by
means of the San Pedro, Los Angeles and
Ealt Lake Eallroad.
epeclal Dispatch to Tbe Call.
Acquisition of Southern Pa
cific Greatly Compli
cates Matters.
Difficulty Arises From Determination
of Independent Roads to Fortify
Themselves Against ta«
RTew Combination.
RAILROAD WAR
IS IMMINENT
"Two important points should be de
manded by the powers," sttid Dr. Colt
man last evening. "Before the troops are
withdrawn from China an understanding
should be had in reference to the paying
of the indemnity claims. If these claims
are not paid in cash by the Chinese Gov
ernment they should be allowed to draw
interest until they are paid. Another im
portant thing for the protection of the
whites is that it should be definitely un
derstood that a large armed body of men
composed of soldiers from the allied
forces should remain in Peking, and
should be stationed there for the next ten
years. If white soldiers are left in Pe
king the Chinese will be afraid and will
have the proper respect for all the white
residents."
Dr. Coltman was asked if he expected
to be re-engaged by Li Hung Chang as
Ills personal surgeon. He said that he
had received no word from the great dip
lomat, but that he expected when
he returned he would be placed in the im
portant position he formerly held.
Dr. Coltman said last evening- that he
¦teas one of the largest claimants for In
demnity among the American residents of
Peking whose property had suffered dur
ing the recent Boxer uprising. He is very
much dissatisfied with the result of the
negotiations between the powers and the
Chinese Government. He claims that
when he made out his claim he was un
der the impression that the Chinese Gov
ernment would negotiate a loan and pay
the claims off at once. On this account
he made out the bill of his loss at $35,000.
Three houses that were his property were
leveled to the ground by the Boxers and
everything, with the exception of the
clothes en his back, was confiscated by
the rioters.
Dr. Robert Coltman Jr., former surgeon
to Li Hung Chang and professor In the
Imperial University at Peking. Is at the
California Hotel. He is on his way back
to China from Chicago, where he has been
spending a much needed vacation.
fH" Claim for Indemnity, One of
Largest of American Colony,
Amounts to Thirty-five
Thousand Dollars.
Dr. Coltman on His Way
Back to Peking to Re
sume His Practice.
THINKS CHINESE
SHOULD PAY CASH
From Oakland— B. B. Tutt and wif*. at
the Continental; B. D. Carter, at th« Hoft
man. : ¦
NEW. YORK. Feb. 23.— Th« following
Callfornians are in New York: From. San
Francisco — J. Adams, at the Park Avenue;
C. P. Beaslah, at the Marlborough: ' J. fl.
Dodge, at the Belvedere; J. Durney, at
the Imperial; I* B. Felgrenbaum. at th«
Cadillac; L. Glass and wife, at tho Hol
land; J. Kauffrnan, at the Herald Square;
E. Livingston, at' the Cadillac; Miss Cow
ley. Miss F. A: ' Cowley, . at the Marl bor
ough; J. M.:KaunTman, at tho Criterion;
Mrs* D. Ubby, at the MOrlborough; Major
W. Mather and wife; at the Ollsey.;'.' o i
SAIIFORNIANS IN OTSW. YOBK.
r>r. E. H. Mattner, a well-known physi
cian of this city, and Mrs. Mattner have
returned from a nine months' 'tour of Eu
rope and the 'Continent. The doctor paid
an extended visit to' the principal hos
pitals in London, Paris, Berlin and
Vienna.
Senator J. J. Luchslnger of Vallejo came
down from Sacramento yesterday . and
registered at the Grand.
James A. Poshay, a merchant of Los
Angeles, is up here on a business trip and
is stopping at the Palace.
J. Overton, a merchant of Santa.
Rosa, accompanied by his wife, Is at the
Palace. uj •-.•'¦ ':¦'-:'. ':,
PERSONAL MENTION.
"W. J. Berry of Salinas is a guest at the
Lick.
H. L. Warren of San Jose Is at the
Grand.
J. B. Coates of Salinas is registered at
the Lick. .
Captain J. E. Ide, United States army.
Is a. crueet at the Grand.
C. M. Wheeler, a Eureka merchant, is
stopping at the Palace.
Dr. Robert R. Hammond and wife of
Stockton are at the Grand.
C. Jesse Titus, a banker of Mountain
View, Is a guest at the Palace.
A. . O'Gorman Monkhouse and -wife, of
Los Gatos are at the California.
C. W. Stone, a merchant of Stockton, Is
stopping at the Palace with his wife.
Only One Week More.
The bankrupt sale of shoes will clear
out. Mind you, the shoes must be. sold
and will therefore offer this week $3
ladles' and men's shoes f or $1 25 a pair.
All the latest styles: good material in lace
and. button, at the bankrupt shoe Bale of
the California Shoe Company, 1506 Market
street, near City Hall avenue. , •
CAIilEORNIAlTS IN" WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.-The following
Calif ornians are in Washington: T. Geary
and wife 'of San ' Francisco are at the
Raleigh; 8. B. Wood worth of California
Is at the Bhoreham. -
Picture Frames.
An Immense variety of mouldings for
framing pictures to order; also ready
made frames in all the newest shapes and
every tint of color of matboard and bind
ing paper made. Banborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •;¦*,<*
Captain Pedersen is going extensively
into the building and buying of ships.
Three four-masted schooners are now be
ing built for him at Everett and the first
of them will be . launched on March 15
next. She will- be named Otilla Pedersen
and will be christened by that lady. Tfia
other schooners will be finished in , Juno
and July, and Captain Pedersen ex.p«cts
to have his entire fleet in the very best
condition by the first of August.
Th« White Star Transportation Com
pp.ny of Seattle has sold the ship Yosemite
to Captain John Pedersen of this city. It
is the Intention of her new owner to send
her to Everett, where she will be thor
oughly overhauled ajid put in the coasting
and Australian trade. . ¦
Ship Yosemite Sold.
ern districts are still In the preparative
stage to a large extent, drilling In some
localities, gettlrj? up derricks and bring
ing in machinery In others, and hope
rules many investors. By the middle
of the summer many things will be dem
onstrated In the northern districts which
are still somewhat a matter for conjec
ture. Meanwhile the oil fever Is con
stantly rising.
The Nay and Gossage ranches, north of
Petaluma, nave been leased for oil. ex
ploitation.
Demand for land In what Is known as
'the Nesperian district, in Butte County,
continues. Seven oil locations have Just
been filed with the County Recorder at
Oroville.
; "An entirely new field has been i discov
ered in Los Angeles In the vicinity, of tha
old * Temple • road and < Bellevue - avenue.
Since the midweek oil article in this pa
per there have. been no discoveries of oil
on a large scale In any field. The north. -
The plaintiff.' It . !¦ true." has been depriv«d
of her oil taken and sold by the defendants.
But by the rules of : law ¦ concerninr > the
measure of damages she is entitled to the full
Ktobs value of all the oil taken and ¦ sold :. by
the defendants, without deduction either for
th» running expenses of the pumping plant by
which. it was extracted.; the expenses or storing
and marketing the oil or of drilling the well
from which It was taken. : And in estimating
the damages above given, no allowance was
made for either of these Items, although it was
shown that the defendants have expended $4500
for drilling the well. J1M0 for deepening tha
same and about $750 for pumping and market
ing the oil, making about $C76O In all. It Is
reasonably certain that i the plaintiff • herself
could not have obtained this oil . without the
expenditure of an equal sum of money. And
yet under the rules of law in relation to dam
ages ' for trespass and waste the defendant
must pay the plaintiff for all the oil they ob
tained with no offset for expenses. ¦ They are
thus mulcted to the amount of $6000 for their
misconduct In endeavoring to obtain the plain
tiff's property for nothing, and the plaintiff la
gainer to the . extent of $20CO, which the ; re
ceives free , of . expense. : ' . *
In the case of'lsom vs. Book, at' Los
Angeles, Judge Shaw has found; that the
plaintiff is entitled to damages in the
amount of the price received for- th«: oil
taken from her property and sold: by, the
defendant. This was a peculiar case.
The plaintiff set up that , her land was
leased without her receiving, any intima
tion that oil was to be taken from it. . In
the decision some statements were made
that place the case in the ranks of the
unique. . One paragraph : Is as follows; •?,
Petaluma has an oil company with a
capitalization of $500,000. According to
the Petaluma Argus, none of the stock
will be placed on the market, but a close
corporation will be maintained..
Machinery has been received at Chico
and drilling is to determine the Interest
ing question for the oil investors in that
locality.
There . 1» reported to be a natural gas
well Utf-feet deep not far from Termlnous,
the place in Ban Joaquin County where
J. W. Dougherty discovered oil. - The
Lodi Sentinel Bays that Dougherty re
ports that the oil came from a seam in
a levee. The material In the levee was
dredged out of the river: about a year
ago. -
There Is still trouble In th« Kern River
district on account of the shortage of
cars. One of the largest producers makes
the statement that his company Is unablo
to fill its orders because . there are not
available cars to take the oil to the pur
chasers. The pumps are kept- running as
usual, and the result is that there is a
large accumulation of oil. Unless there
is some relief some of the companies, ac
cording to the same authority,, will have
to stop pumping for a time.
The Los Angeles Times figures out that
fully $14,000,000 in cash has been invested
In California oil lands Jn the last few
months, and that the oil industry In the
State represents a capital of $116,000,000.
A real estate boom is reported to have
struck Las Animas, Santa Barbara Coun
ty, as the result of a strike. Thirty-five
oil claims are reported to have been filed
at Las Animas recently.
Porter Bros.' large fruit packing plant
at Healdsburg Is being fitted up to use
petroleum as fuel in place of coal. The
Petaluma silk mills are also being simi
larly equipped.
Gilroy parties recently called in Alfred
Onn of Watsonville to give an opinion con
cerning oil Indications in the vicinity of
Gilroy. E. D. Crawford says that if an
unofficial report is verified lands in the
Milne ranch will be transferred to the oil
company formed in Gilroy and drilling will
begin.
Preparations for drilling have been
made by a company on the line between
San Luis Obispo and Monterey counties.
An outfit has been purchased to put on
the old sawmill flat on the Pescadero
Creek near Pajaro. </¦*
The Salinas Democrat" reports that no
oil has been struck on the Naclmiento
ranch as yet, but the surface indications
are considered by a writer in that paper
to be favorable.-
The people of Wheatland have an idea
that they can utilize an artesian well bor
ing machine in drilling ror oil. according
to the Wheatland Four Corners.
Machinery and drillers have arrived at
Santa Cruz and the quest for oil in Santa
Cruz is now fairly on.
J. M. Pearson of Los Angeles is fluoted
by the Tehachapi Tomahawk as express
ing the opinion that the region about Te
hachapi will he a good oil section. The
particular lands that appear to be in favor
are In the low hills south of the town.
Only last week a San Francisco paper con
tained a glowing: account of a Loe Angeles
company which showed how over $163,000 a
year could be made from ten acres in the Lrfia
Anpeles field. The Ixis Angeles field is con
ceded to be a very good thing, but a company
just commencing business which can clear
J163.000 a year the first year, the second year
or any year would not need to go to San
Francisco to advertise itself and would very
likely not be selling Its stock at 25 cents a
ehare. Incidentally, It might be said that then;
Is a block of stock In this company In Los
Angeles which is for sale at 1 cent a share,
with no buyers in sight. The company men
tioned—or not mentioned— bases Its figures on
the folio wine Burrositlon: On ten acres of
land forty wells can be drilled (for $800 each),
all of which will yield fifteen barrels a day
each for 365 days in the year, making a total
of 219.000 barrels for the year, which can be
readily sold at Jl a barrel, making & grand,
total vearly income of J219.00O. This looks
good on paper and is eailly figured. The fact
of the matter, however, unfortunately, is th*t
it won't "pan out." The average daily produc
tion of the wells in the Los Anceles field In
absolutely the same territory is five barrels
each. By allowing that forty wells had actu
ally been drilled, and giving to each the aver
age production of other wells in demonstrated
territory, and granting that It all can be sold
at $1 a barrel, it brings the grand total in
come for a year to $73,000, a email difference
of $H6,000.
Another company is about to begin ope
rations In the Devils Den country.
The experiences that the Los Angelnos
have been having In marketing their 'oil*
at prices far below what they formerly
considered to be a matter of course is
one point. Another Is the attention that
the Standard OH Company Is paying to
California olL It la now offering a better
price in the Kern "River district than
the Producers' Association. If this is not
an Indication that It desires to control
the output of that section and plans to
do it, then there is no indication in signt
of any value in that regard. Los Angeles
Is now bewailing because oil has been
offered there at 79 cents. If there Is high
er grade oil at a lower depth, the pro
ducers, having already their lands, may
find that the additional expense of drill
ing deeper is money well invested. All
producers will watch the Grace experi
ment. A better grade of oil would give
the prices of the Kern district lands an
other upward tendency. Ultimately the
value of any proposition is to be based
upon the per cent it will pay upon the
capital actually invested. Profit demon
strated, by the way. is all that is needed
to get Eastern capital into California oil
enterprise.
The Los Angeles Herald tells the fol
lowing oil Btory:
The Grace Oil Company, which Is oper
ating In the Kern River Held, Is still drill -
Ing- toward the center of the earth anti
the purpose Is announced to be to see
what there Is at lower levels than have
yet been reached In the district. One well
Is down 1500 feet, which Is much lower
than the majority of the wells In the
Kern River district, and it is soing still
lower. It will be recalled by the readers
of oil news that an Interview appeared in
this paper with State Mineralogist Coop
er, some months ago, In which he was
represented as expressing the opinion that
not only could there be found more pro
lific sands at lower than at higher levels,
but, also that the deeper oil would be
found to be of higher quality and there
fore more valuable as a marketing prop
osition. If he Is right, there Is ample
justification for searching for high-grade
oils.
Queer Story From Xos Angeles About
a Stock-Selling Scheme — Hap
penings in Many Separ
ated Localities.
Interesting Well Drilling
in the District of
Kern River.
SEEKING FINER
OIL LOWER DOWN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 190i;
20
This institute made a remarkable showing. That It actually teaches Scientific
Hypnotism. Personal Mapnetism, iiagn-tic Healing, etc., there can be no doubt
In a few days' study at home any Intelligent person can through Its course ac-
Cj-Jire the secret powers of the occult sciences and us<i them on his friends arvl
Owing to the widespread Interest trhlch. has lately been manifested In schools
of Personal Ma^netism, Hypnotism. Magnetic Healing, etc., a reporter was as-
figned to investigate lli«? New York Institute of Science of Rochester. N. Y., the
largest school of this kind In the world, and to ascertain ¦what practical benefits,
if any. the students receive.
EVERYBODY MAY NOW LEARN,
Opinions of SI Prcvninent Business Men and Scientists Who
Have Taken a Course of Instructions — Some
Astonishing Revelations.
Mysteries of Personal Magnetism Laid Bare— Does
Danger Lurk in Hypnotism? — Can Thesa
Sciences Be Taught by Mail?
HYPNOTIC SCHOOL INVESTIGATED.
OH absolutely «ur»: heart of producing see-
tlon. Drilling; be In oil sands ta IS dan.
Small amount treasury stock. We. Write for
prospectus or call. 293 Parrott bldg.. 3. F.
Famoso Oil & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN RTVXR DISTRICT.
DIRECTORY OF REPUTABLE OIL COMPANIES
SO acres Sunset, SO acres McKlttrlck. S20 acres
in Coalings. Now drilling In Sunset. - Limited
amount of stock at 60c. Information and pros-
pectus furnished on application to B. DEN-
ICKE. Secretary, room 614 Parrott bldg, 8. F.
California Fortune Oil Co*
COLUSA CONSOLIDATED OIL and REFIN-
INO CO-Owni 44M acres 8 miles west of Ar-
buckje.Colusa County, In the heart of the oil
district. Parafflne base oil. Limited amount of
stock at I5o; 80,000 shares sold In 10 daysT In-
formation and prospectus .furnished Otflc* M
Montgomery street, entrance room 8.
Stock 80c Inter Nos Oil & Derelorment Cow
stock 25e. Lands In Montersy and Kern ooun*
ties. Prospectus 'and Information at offlc* of
MOSLETTER A ALLEN. 665 and 564 Parrott
building, a F.
MENT CO.
GREAT AMERICAN OIL AND DEVELOP-
la a company owning producing well.
20c Per Share.
Writ* or call for Information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.. 477 Parrott BulTdlne.
Investors' Assured Stock
Lands in heart of Kern River Tnst.; owns no
acres; lC^OOO shares capital stock; limited
amount of treasury stock for sals at 75 cents.
?JiS rnvlirl- «»'ormatloa and pr^pectu.v
CHAS. CONKLIN, 8ec. Genl. ofttce. «S7 Market.
COMMONWEALTH OIL COMPANY.
STRUCK OIL at 200 feet within «00 feet of
our property. VTe have a rew shares left at
25 cents per share. Capital 100.000 shares at tl
each. Machinery ready to drill. DEY CRUDE
OIL CO.; room 6,- eighth floor. Mill* bldg.
Dey Crude Oil Company.
NAPA AfTD EERRYESSA VALLET OH»
COMPANY— Controls 1000 acres of XJ. 8. patent-
ed land In Napa County where the finest lubri-
cating oil In California Is found: stock at to
cants; prospectus furnished. S70 and (71 Parrott
building. San Francisco.
JUAJfTTA Oil* CO. 11C0 acre* lands tn McKit-
trlek. Bnmmerland. Los An&eles. Drilling 2 wells,
5 more contracted for; 100,000 shares selling at 5c.
Absolutely non-assessable. Price advances to
10c per share March 15. Asphaltum for sal's
any quantity, by contract. Prosaectus and
maps rurnlshed by W. M. RICHARDS. VK«
President. «3S Market Bt.. San Francisco.
NORMAL OIL COMPANY.
Stock non-assessable. Land* In Monterey and
Baa LuU . Obtapo counties. Small amount ot
stock now selling at 15c Prospectus and mfor*
motion on application. NORMAL COiIPA.NT,
IM Parrott bulldlnr. 8. F.
1SS0 ACRES K* MONTEREY COUNTT.
¦Well down 300 feet: wnall amount ot tiwury
stock at ISo per share. Prospectus and m*.a
and Information on application. ' J. B. OLSEN,
Secretary. R7* Pmrrott bulWln«. San Francisco.
SAUNAS OIL AKD DEVELOPMENT CO.
EL MEDIA OIL CO..-
Safe Deposit Building, 328 Montgomery
street, :• San Francisco, CaL
Small block of stock at 15c; price will
be advanced to 25c March I on all that
may be left If you want a around floor
proposition where the\ company mean
business, here it is."
'Prospectus and information furnished
on application.
ONLY 4 DAYS MORE
LANDS AT McKITTRICK.
ELIEDIMIL CO.
Lands In heart of McKlttrlck District. mS-
Jolnimr Ur?o producing* wella. Small block ot
stock for tale. Prospectus and infornjatlon tar-
nished at room 60S SaX» Deposit Building. Ct
Montgomery at.
SILVER 6TAR OIL* CO.
WHITB ENAMELED - IRON . ¥0^ ' "' ' ~ "' r^fe^rW
B E D B TBAD, br«*«;|J»ar . '¦'fm' : '- . *• ' L**".
- 2 noun tings •••••?•••••¦?^ .- ; . - 1^? ~ ¦'. ' : * ¦ . ¦ ¦
¦ ¦¦¦ .:¦"¦¦ -. " / , C R0CKE^ I ln BB m£ .THREE-PIECE PARLOR SET.
y *^SBgJijyjy nosanlzed birch or beautifully finished mahogany,
<^*f Wfc-^jM 1 ¦ *&> J& oak finish fir 1.65 covered with fln» O*teSRO
""if 1 ! 1 r TvW '; "'-i^gy *•*¦ tapestry cloth..... O1O-
0% lUpl** Pi Hundreds of other bargains equally as good
IS vWvfl Q ¦ w^ e f° un d in our store. We carry '
(K vV<© * 3 a complete stock of
,rfT ; -V-f?, r FURNITURE and CARPETS;
"^flS 3 COUNTRY HOUSES/ HOTELS «nd
-,. rromjio to........ 9>IZ— - r*TT r FLATS FURNISHED COMPLETE; •¦
• . _ " ESTIMATES CHEERFULLY GIVEN.
- ' Fre« delivery within 200 mJH« on $25 worth and orer. •' CASH or" CREDIT. ¦ ¦ .
T.BDILLIANT Ft^ITW
,*: J * -3^340-34j8:P0iSTr STREET, Near Pdwell. -. ;
ESMERALDA
OEC AND DEVELOMCENT CO.—ImmSm fa Ban
B«nlto Coanty. Bxnall block of trwSSryttoS
for sale. $L. ; Ppo«pectn» on application and in.
S^ir 00 — furBlBhed at °*flc« ot A. > KINGS-
BURT. ess Parrott BaUdln*. Su
• The New York Institute of Science has Just issued one of the most remarkable
books of the century, which treats In an Intensely Interesting manner of personal
magnetism, hypnotism, magnetic healing, etc. During the next- SO days* 10 000
copies of this book are to be given away. This great work contains the reported
opinions of a persons who have tested these sciences. Among the number are
fourteen CoUece Presidents and professors, eight Doctors, three Dentists, four
Judges and Lawyers, four Society Leaders, twenty-eight Business' Men, City Offi-
cials, Bank Presidents, besides twentv persons prominent in other walks of life.
Altogether, we consUer it to be the mest valuable ard wonderful work of tbe kind
ever produced. This book has been th« means of starting thousands, of persons
on the road to success. It may prove the turning point in your career. A copy c£
the book will be sent absolutely free to any one addressing trie New Yeric taatl-
tute of Science, Department 117 G.. Rochester, N. Y-
Prof. J. Ernest Trudel. Hedleyville, Quebec, Canada, writes: "Dr. Sage's won-
derfuh course in Personal Maenetlsm and Hypnotism is the only work of its kind
containing Information that any person can readily learn and apply. It certainly
reveals the secrets of personal Influence; It develops In one a power, a forco of
character that I did not think it possible to acauire."
Dr. Abbie Heath. 71 Dover Street. Boston, Mass.. writes: "By the Information
received from the New York Institute of Science I cured a Mr. Scott of the tobacco
habit In two treatments. It Is now six months since, and he can not touch tobacco.
I have used Hypnotism several times to control the excruciating pain of cancer
and to eradicate pernicious habits In children."
M. B. Furry. No. 417 East Second Street, Wilmington, DeL. -writes: "I hypno-
tized a young man within three hours after receiving my first. Instruction. Ha
could neither sing nor dance. I made him sing three coon songs .and dance a regu-
lar buck dance — he thinking he was a stage performer."
Mr. Frank Muehl. Fairwater. Wls.. writes: "I have thoroughly tested the prac-
tical value of Personal Maenetlsm and Hypnotism as exDounded by the New
York Institute of Science, and I am agreeably surprised at the results. The infor-
mation la invaluable. I see life anew. Wonderful possibilities have be*n opened
up to me."
From the letter flies of the Institute 100 names were taken at random. Let-
ters w*>re addressed to these persons, asking them to tell freely what they thought
cf the Institute and the benefits they had derived from the Instruction. The replies
received were a revelation. All hac achieved success to a greater or less decree,
acd In many Instances the results were simply astounding, almost beyond belief.
Extracts from the replies of six of tho students are eiven herein without 'com-
ment:
associates entirely •without their kn^wloflge. Its course of Instruction, prepared
under the supervision of the noted hypnotist, X. La Motte Sage, A. M., Ph. D.,
ZJLb D.. *ras found to be exactly as represented— easy to learn and marvelously
clear and complete* Over M.0M 6tudent* were enrolled last year.
Has Opened Cf.Ices in This City at 330 Pine Street, Rooms 5 and.6.
The Dabney Oil Company
OF McKITTRICK (Incorporated?.
The Dabney Oil Company has now Ten Producing Wells. Will completa
two more this month and two in March. .V
Will Pay a Dividend April 1st.
owns the famous DABNEY GUSHER I
IS SELLING OIL IN CARLOAD LOTS. \^J
Offers a Limited Number of Shares of Its Stock at
— —ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE!
A Gilt-Edged Investment.
Will pay not less than i per cent per month in dividends on and after April
• i-* . ' .:*.'*. 1,1901. Can you do better? . ,
ROOM 5.
CALL OR ADDRESS
DADNEY OIL COMPANY, 330 Pine Street,
For information and terms for OIL IN CARLOAD LOTS, apply at the office;
OFFICES— Rooms 570-571 Parrott (Em-
porium) Building, San Francisco, Cal.
The assets of the company consist of six lots situ-
ated on the northwest corner of Chestnut and Laguna
streets, in the city and county of 3an Francisco, which
were exchanged for stock by the owner, the property
beingr valued at JSOOO. cash in bank, etc
NO EXPENSE FOR CLERK HIRE OR OFKICE
RENT, the members of tho Board ol Directors being
allowed the use and privileges of the offlces of their at-
torney.
The officers of the company are:
H. L. McKELLOPS. President.
HU JONJCS, Vice President.
H. M. OWENS, Treasurer and Manager,
WM. E. ROWLANDS. Secretary . w j
. H. M. OWENS. Attorney for Company.
The company has 640 acres of land leased In the fa-
mous BERRYESSA VALLEY OIL DISTRICT, near
Monticello, Napa County, California, for a lone term
of years, as long 1 as oil is produced in paying quanti-
ties, at a royalty of 10 per cent. ¦
The officers of the Napa and Berryessa Valley Oil
Company are well known in the city and county of San
Francisco to be careful, painstaking business men. an.l
this alone insures to the investors an. economical and
careful management.
The company was incorporated December 6. 190?,
with a capital of $500,000, divided into 500.000 shares of
the par value of $1 each. The first stock was placed
on the market February 1, 1901. at 10 centa per share.
More than 45.000 shares were disposed of at that prlr.e
within two weeks, and at a meeting 1 of the Board of
Directors, held February 9, 1901; it was deemed ad vis-
.able I to rai.-?s the price to 20 cents per share on and
'after February 16. 1901. the romi)anv reserving- the
light to advance the price without' further notice.
NAPA, Feb. 22.— There are prospects that Berryess*
Valley, northeast ot this city, will become one of the
preat oll-produclngr sections in California, Slnc-3
Thomaa A: Finnell. an expert of 'forty years" experi-
ence, discovered oil on the Harris place, Napa capital
has be»n invested dally, and now there are ten com-
panies incorporated. It is estimated that $55,000 of
Napa county money has been put Into oil stock.
Several oil experts from San .Francisco and Bakers-
fleld have visited the Berryessa fields, and they claim
that the Nana County product Is superior to any yet
discovered in the State.
On tho Harris place the oil is seeping: out of the well
that was discovered there by Finnell at the rate of sev-
eral barrels a day. At the Knoxvllle mines there is a
flow that nets thirty-six gallons a day. Five thousand
acres of land have been located upon since the discov-
ery was made. ¦ .
Last October a miner prospecting for sold opened up
a Email flow of oil. but did not realize the importance
of his find, and It was only after Finpel- put In a blast
and observed tho results that oil prospecting began se-
riously.
Th» oil lias been analyzed by one of the best known
chemical exosrts of San Francisco. A number of com-
mercial products were prepared and a full report of
the analysis and prices of oils produced can be had by
applying to the company for their prospectus. This
oil la said to be worth from $S to $9 per barrel.
Companies Being Formed and
Experts Sent Out to Pros-
pect the Territory.
Seepage Oil of Good Quality
Discovered.
TO BE TESTED.
NAPA TERRITORY
The Napa and Berryessa Valley Oil Company to Begin Operations Within Thirty Days.
Over the Discovery of Lubricating: Oil in Berryessa Valley.
The Best Known Oil Experts of the Pacific Coast Pro-
nounce This Territory to Be the Best in the State.
GREAT OIL EXCITEMENT
OF SUXSET-PROVEN' Oil* 1ANTX 1
Control* 440 acre*. Are drllllnc • Bom* stock
Is being sold at 50c par share. Information and
proaoectus furnished on application. Now t»
Second Floor. Mills Building. S&a Francijcak '
THE WELLINGTON
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ \>^ tr j* ! x *^" -^v . • or
*\Jz£!2£^C > ' ts ' j/ i%$ SMOWINrW LANDS ;
oH^'Wll V%* Valley 0il( o-
gap^and, \~^Y ' MA PA ffrCA\
Valley Oil \ °( °V A OFFICej*00M5.57<W7l PAW*OTT-BL&6>
l C 0^-W \ \ . v SAN.FRANaSCO.CAL:
¦». <-<i 21 i Indiana St., Lawrence, Kan.
1C2 South Burfile Street. ~*Kn 3T Hypnotism cures. The world
Kalamazoo. Mich. &£ *. <CZ knows no stronger force for
In making friends, sellim* J\ J-^-^rf *>J pood than Personal Magnetism,
goods, collecting debts or con- /»j/*i£<>tr * advise every woman in the
trollln* men, I would rather riff TV\\ land to study these grand 6Ct-
b* possessed of hypnotic skill <S V Jr ' K ences.
than a. college education. if/ v^j' ft Tl
11 n is - r sz /. (9&JI \ it fo« <fi-C'-y™<~j-\
r$h~* I awn V "7^
Mai-relou* hypnotic ca.t*Ieptlo teat as performed by J. Knlgbt Perkins of Kalama-
»oo. Mich.. cradua:& of th« New York Institute of Science.XOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morninp tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
p»»rj-^HE Oceanic Company's mail
J ftfasuhlp Mariposa got away
j from racific-street wharf yester
'.\ <iay a few minutes after 3 p. m. for
Honolulu. She took away a big
crrrwd of passengers and every ounce of
freight f=h^ could carry. Among those
who went away in the. cabin were:
Miss C L. Abbott. Mies U. Armsby. C.
Arper. K. Atkinson. Mrs. S. M. Ballou. P. T.
Berry. C A. Binbee. Mrs. H. Blood. F. J.
OaJef. Mies A. Cooper. Mrs. W. Corey. H.
Corey. William Corey. M!s* C Crossly. Mme.
A. Dolores. R. M. Doniy, W. R.. Douglas and
w;fp. J. J. Dunne. Mrs. E. P. Eleenbeise. T.
>'. Ferguson. J. C. Fiati'ler*. P. Oerson. James
Glenn. Mrs. K. Graf. J. H. Gray and wife.
Mis* HcJ. Gray. Miss E. Grec^, H. Gutzelt
nnd wife. F. C Handy and wife. Mrs. J. A.
Haffir.KPr. MiM N. F. Hawley. J. A. Heine
h*T7r an<i wife. P. Henderson. Miss M. Howe.
H. S. Hull and wife. H. \V. J->hnson. Loul«
Ker.akr. It. Kirk. K. K lAnirty. J. M. T^oruf
n»H-ker and wife. Miss E. May. J. L. MrComb,
Miss W. McDonald. J. D. McKenrie. E. W..
Merivr aa<5«wife. Miss C. Mercer. C Montain*.
C. Moore. .1. Morris. William Morris. Miss F.
J!ulf«n'l. l!rs. H. Naha"!elua and infant. Paul
5.>umtnn, H. XewWI, John Petfrola. Captain
Petty. Mrs." O. V. KexfnrC. O. N. Reynolds,
Ida Florenr* Roberts'. P. Robenson. Mlfs S.
P-cs'tta.. • F. rtudrtlck. Miss II. Shanahan. Mlaa
T.. F. ?rr.Sth. J. II. Smith. Colonel O. C Stone.
IT. 1^ Taft. Miss I. M. Taft. Mme. Vandour.
M. L Virdea, J. J. Voegt'.y and wife. Miss
Voectjr. Mrs. M. Wlchman and child.
Arr.org those returning to their Island
hoirps were Paul Newman and Louis
JOr.ake. The members of the Belasco
Dramatic Company were also among the
passengers.
BEST KTJN OF THE SEASON.
Bark Santiago Comes Prom Hilo to
the Heads in Ten I>ays.
The clipper bark Santiago has made the
record rvr. of the feaeon from the Ha
waiian Is!ar.d.=. The distance between
Hilo and the lightship was covered In an
hour lees than ten days, but then for the
succeeding three days the wind blew from
al points of the compass and the captain
had to stand off shore. The bark finally
made port Friday night, thus completing
the voya.ge in thirteen days.
Th« barkenttae Archer was the only ar
rival yesterday. She came from Hono
lulu and It took her twenty-flve days to
cover the 2100 miles. The Archer met
with the sajne fate as the Santiago and
¦was outside for four days before a favor-
Ing breeze brought here in.
"Water Front Notes.
The cisur stand oa the corner of East
and Howard streets. own«d by Captain
Bash, late of the steamer Iaqua. was
robbed a few nights ago and 1500 clgrars
r.tolen. The harbor police recovered the
majority of the plunder and locked up
a couple of wharf rats in the City Prison
on charg-es of burslary.
The battleship Wisconsin will be open
to the public to-day and Peterson's
launches will run at regular Intervals to
her from Folsom-stree>t wharf.
There was only one arrival and six de
partures yesterday. Four of the latter
were coasting eteamers and the barken
tine Irmgard and the steamship Martpora
rounded out the half-dozen.
NEWS OP THE OCEAJJ.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Alta loads lumber at Port Gamble for
Pert Natal, 80s. prior. to arrival: the Austrian
iteair.er Federica, wheat here for Chile. 32s fid.
the S&nM&go. merchandise for Hilo: the Spo
kane, lumber at Port Gamble for Callao. J5s.
Ike Palena's Cargo.
The Chilean steamer Palena. which sailed
Friday for Valparaiso and way ports, carried
& general cargo valued at f2«.»42. manifested
as follows: For Mexico, $12,676: for Odtral
America. I1J.133; for South America, $727. Th*
following were the. principal shipments:
For Mexico— 30 cs ajcle grease, « cs coal oil.
SI cows. 20 c« drugs. 13 cs dry goods, 115 bbls
flour, 2?3 pkrs groceries and provisions, IS bbls
(finger ale,' 4S cs hardware, 32 Mis 63 pes iron,
3 kegs lead. 17 pkgs mlllwork. IH pes 42 bdls
pipe. 23 bbls pipe fittings, 57 crs potatoes, 13 cs
paint. 60 flasks qutcVsllver. 7 bales rubber belt-
Ing, 3000 lbs sulphate of copper. 1008 lbs sugar.
11 cs 1429 gals wine.
For Central America.—* plcgs assay goods.
2«30 lbs beans. 2 crs bicycles, 19 cs canned
goods, « cs coal oil. 46.OW lbs cotton. 1317 lbs
dried fruit. 2 cs electrical goods. T39 bbls flour,
erj*. 20 cs 4 bbls oil. 34 cs paints and varnish.
40 era potatoes. 10 en pipe arM fittings, 25 crs
sewing machine!!. 7 cs saimon, 8 bdls spices, 27S
lbs tea. 13 es turpentine. 18 cs tar. 6 cs whisky,
S <~s 1S41 srals wine.
For South America — 40 crs potatoes, 2« exs
garlic, 25 crs onions, 110 cs salmon, 20 cs
oysters, S55 lbs prunes.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Saturday, February 23.
Stmr Alameda. Harriman. 22 days from Syd
ney, via Honolulu S days 20 hours.
Stmr Eureka. Jesscn. 28 hours from Eureka.
Stmr San Mateo, Fletcher. 35 hours from
Port Los Angeles.
Bark Santiago, Engells. 18 days from Hilo.
Bark Alden Beese. Potter. 14 days from
Honolulu.
Bkta Archer, Calhoun, 25 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Glen. Johnson. 9 days from Coos Bay.
Pchr Sfewark. Beck. 18 hours from 3uwens
L*ndlns.
CLEARED.
¦ Saturday. February 23.
Etmr Santa Rosa. Glelow. San D!ego; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr MariDcea, Rennle. Honolulu; J D
Epreckels b. Bros Co.
Nor etmr Teilus. Pederson. Chemalnus: R
Dunrmulr's Sons Co.
Bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson, Hilo; JC
Bpreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Jamleson, San Pedro.
Saturday. February 23.
Etmr GiDsy, Leland, Santa Crui.
Slmr Washtenaw, Zolling. Tacoma.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendocino.
Stmr W H Krugcr. Krog. Eureka.
Nnr stmr Teilus. Pedemon. Chemainus.
Bktn Irmcard, Schmidt. Honolulu.
SPOKEN.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Feb 19. 1st 51 N, Ion IS W— Fr bark Anjou,
hence Oct ?5, for Cueenstown.
F«b 1». lat 61 N, Ion 15 W— Br ship G!en
calrd. hence Oct 10. for Queenstown.
Per stmr Alameda— Feb IS. ship C F Sar
gent, from Tacoma, for Honolulu. -. v
POINT LOBOS. Feb 23. JO p m— Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 10 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 23— Stmr Grace
Dollar, for San Fram-lsco.
HUENEME-Arrived Feb 2J-Stmr Lakme.
from Eureka. . ¦
SEATTLE— Palled Feb 23-ShiD Isaac Reed,
for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived" Feb 13— Schr Aloha.
h^nce Jan 23.
FOREIGN PORTS
Hailed Feb 12-Br bark Fall* of Garry, for
Pueet Pound. Feb IS— Ship S D Carleton. for
Pusret Sound; tchr Mary E Foster, for Saji
Franc! rco.
EI'HEKA-AitIvM F>b 2S— Stmrs Pomona
and Hom»r, hence F?b it.
galled Feb 23-Etmr North Fork, for Sat:
Francisco. f
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Feb 23— Schr W F
Wllwmin, for Pan Pedro.
SAN DlEOO— Sailed Feb 23— U S Btmr
Adarr.c. for cruise.
Arrived Feb S3— Stmr Nome City, hence Feb
ruary II. ? .
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 22— Ger ship
Slrene. from Tacoma, and sailed for Antwerp
LIVERPOOL— Failed Feb 21— Br ship Haddon
Hall, for San Francisco.
WALLAROO— Arrived Feb 22-Sehr R C
Slade. hence Nov 1*. . .-••¦•
HONGKONG — Arrived Feb a— Jan stmr
Hongkong Maru, hence Jan 14.
VALPARAISO-Arriveil Feb 22-Schr Car
rier Dove, from Port Blakeley.
OYSTER HARBOR— Sailed Feb 52— Ship John
Currier, for San Francleco.
NANAIMO— Arrived Feb II— Br stmr Algroa,
from Port Los Anceles. ¦' .-:. .\*.\
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Feb J^Stnir Ken
sington, from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Etruria,*
frcm Liverpool. *
Sailed Feb 23-Stmr Servian, for. Liverpool;
stmr Pretoria, for Hambursr: etmr Maasdam.
for Rotterdam; stmr Furnesla. for Glasgow.^.
ALEXANDRIA— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr AHer.
from New York. . • •'• . -. ¦
ANTWERP— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Switzer
land, from Philadelphia- - - . . - . ' ; . - - ¦'¦
QUEENBTOWN—Arrlved Feb 23— Stmr , Urn-
HONGKON'G-Arrlvcd previous to Feb 23—
Stmr Hongkon* Maru. from Ban Francleco vU
Honolulu and Yokohama. ,. . .„.,
Sun rises 6:49
Sun sets 5:57
Moon Mts 0:00 a. m.
SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 24
United States Coast and Geodetio Survey-
Times and Hfifchts of Hich ana Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco *Bay. Published by official au
thority of tho Superintendent.
NOTE — The hi?h and low waters occur at th«
city front (Mls«Uin-stre«-t wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
heipht of tide i« the Fame at both place*.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
day in th« order of occurrence »s to time of
day. the third time column gives the last tWo
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
nr« in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign ( — ) precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
Kiven by the charts. The plans of referent
U the mean of the lower low -waters.
He was the constructing engineer of th«
railroad construction work across the
Tehachapi Pass, which Is probably the
greatest ' piece of work of Its kind ever
accomplished in this State. He was en
gaged in construction work for the Cen
tral Pacific and Southern Pacific rail
roads for many years. Norton aipo
built the Monterey Water "U'orks. which
supply Pacific drove. Monterey and the
surrounding district with water. He has
been civil engineer of the Pacific Im
provement Company during the past fif
teen years. Mr. Norton is well known all
over *th*> State, and resides with his fam
ily at 725 Cole street.
Lott Norton was born In South Bend,
Ind. lie began the study of civil engi
neering when but a mere boy after ccrni
ing 1 across the plains to California in 1352.
Ho attended Hesperian College in Wood
land and there laid the foundation of that
knowledge which has been put to good
uso in many engineering enterprises that
stand as monuments to his skill.
LOTT T). NORTON will be appoint-
ed chief engineer of the State
Harbor Commissioners at their
noxt regular meeting of the
board. Mr. Norton has been se
lected as the successor of Howard C.
Holmes, who recently resiRned. The new
apolntee was selected for the Important
position because of his well known ability
In the profession of civil engineering, to
which he has devoted thirty-three years
of his Hfe.
LOTT D. NORTON, WHO WILL
BE CHIEF ENGINEER OP
HARBOR COMMISSION.
TO SAIL.
BOARD SELECTS
CHIEF ENGINEER
Harbor Commission Will
Appoint Lott D; Norton
to Position.
Place Made Vacant by Howard C.
Holmes' Resignation Falls to a
Man Who Possesses Un
common Skill.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
brl», from New York for Liverpool.
Bailed Keb 23-Stmr Rhyoland. from Liver
pool for Philadelphia.
NAPLES— Sailed Keb 23— Stmr Hohenzollern.
for N>w York.
HAVRE— Sailed F#b 13-Stmr La BretaBne,
for New York.
LlVEni'OOLr-Salled Feb 23-Stmr Lucanla.
for New York.
She Takes Away Nearly a Hundred Cabin Passengers and
Every Ounce of Freight She Can Carry — There Was a
Big Crowd Down to Watch the Departure of the Liner
MAIL STEAMSHIP MARIPOSA
SAILS FOR HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
• THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1901;
BARK FANTTAGO RACING FOR PORT UNDER SNUG CANVAS. SHE
MADE THE RUN FROM H1LO TO THE LIGHTSHIP IN FAST TIME
OF TEN DATS.
21
Bteamer. From. - I Due.
Colon Panama & Way Ports iFeb 24
San Pedro Humboldt Feb. 24
Empire Coos Bay ' Feb. 21
North Fork HumboMt Feb. 24
O. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria... Feb. 24
BonltaT Newport Feb. 21
Queen San Diego Keb 24
Tltanla Nanalmo Feb. 24
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 23
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 23
Mattewan Tacorna IFel>. 25
Grace Dollar... Ventura |Feb. 25
Hyades Oyster Harbor ...'Feb. 25
Coptic China and Japan Feb. V
Walla Walla... Pugct found Ports .... Feb. L'6
Keelanaw Seattle [Feb. 26
Progreso Tacoma iKeb. 1*6
Corona Newport j Feb. 27
Coronado Ban Pedro Feb. 27
Point Arena... Point Arena Ken! h
Santa Rosa Pan Ulego Feb. 2^
Kureka Humboldt |Feb. 28
St. Paul Panama f>Iar. 1
Colombia ;Valrnral?o v. PanamaiMar. i
Columbia (Portland & Astoria.... Mar. 1
Fulton (Jrays Harbor Mar. 1
Crescent City.. Ci^cent City ....,:.'.:. Mar. 2
Curainu 'Mexican Ports ......;.. Mar. 2
Stfamer. Destination. (Sails. |,Pi*r/
Ffbrnnry 24. '« |" *
5S*K: ««*>•" Harbor ....| 2 pm|Pier .-,
P.min;;V ! £attIc & N - What "6 pm| Pier 31
6antaRosa.. tan Diego 9 am Pier 11
February 25. |
Z T *°- Coqullle River 4 prolPler 2
Newbure j Grays Harbor 6 pm'Pier I
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.[12 m|Pler S
Eureka Ilumboldt 13 mlPier 11
6ia»eofCa!.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Chas. Nelson. Seattle * Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor 3 pmiPier —
Kchrunry 2O. |
Enipire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 1J
San Pedro.... Humbcldt 10 amfl'ler 1
Bonita Newport 9 aiutPler 11
¦ H Februarr lr... I
Pomona S pm|Pler 9
Arcuta -TCoos Bay li iniPier H
Queen iSan Diego 9 amlPler 11
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 amiPier 2
O. \V. Elder. ! Astoria <fe Portland 11 ami Pier 24
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm I Pier 2
i Krhrniiry UK. . \
Colon 'Panama * Way Pt!l2 m'PMSS
Mnreh 1. I
Corona ; Newport I 9 am! Pier 11
Totmps IHamburg & Wjr Pt' I Pier 10
Nome City... JHumboldt ,.-|10 amiPier —
I .March 2. | |
Point Arena..; Point Arena | 2 pmiPier 2
0 Time Time Tlmel Time
£. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
P H W L, W H TV Li W
24... S:10 5.S 9:54 O.< 4:40 ~4\2 9:35 "il
K ... 4:<V) 6.8 11:06 0.3 «:01 4,1 10:40 2.8
2« ... 5:01 5.7 12:20 0.1 7:21 4.2 11:55 3.0
J7 ... 6:10 5.7| 1:25 0.0 S:30 4.4
L, W |H W! IL W H W
i% ... 1:10 2. PI 7:21| 6.7j 2:22 0.1 9:21 4.7
1 ... 2:13! 2.7 S:23 5.7| 3:11 — fl.l 10:0S| 5.0
2 ... 3:101 2.4 9:20 B.7| 3:52 0.0 10:45| 5.1
0 Time Time Tlmel Time
£. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
P H W L, W H TV Li W
24... S:10 5.S 9:54 O.< 4:40 ~4\2 9:35 "il
K ... 4:<V) 6.8 11:06 0.3 «:01 4,1 10:40 2.8
2« ... 5:01 5.7 12:20 0.1 7:21 4.2 11:55 3.0
J7 ... 6:10 5.7| 1:25 0.0 S:30 4.4
L, W |H W! IL W H W
i% ... 1:10 2. PI 7:21| 6.7j 2:22 0.1 9:21 4.7
1 ... 2:13! 2.7 S:23 5.7| 3:11 — fl.l 10:0S| 5.0
2 ... 3:101 2.4 9:20 B.7| 3:52 0.0 10:45| 5.1
Stfamer. Destination. (Sails. |,Pi*r/
Ffbrnnry 24. '« |" *
5S*K: ««*>•" Harbor ....| 2 pm|Pier .-,
P.min;;V ! £attIc & N - What "6 pm| Pier 31
6antaRosa.. tan Diego 9 am Pier 11
February 25. |
Z T *°- Coqullle River 4 prolPler 2
Newbure j Grays Harbor 6 pm'Pier I
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.[12 m|Pler S
Eureka Ilumboldt 13 mlPier 11
6ia»eofCa!.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Chas. Nelson. Seattle * Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor 3 pmiPier —
Kchrunry 2O. |
Enipire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 1J
San Pedro.... Humbcldt 10 amfl'ler 1
Bonita Newport 9 aiutPler 11
¦ H Februarr lr... I
Pomona S pm|Pler 9
Arcuta -TCoos Bay li iniPier H
Queen iSan Diego 9 amlPler 11
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 amiPier 2
O. \V. Elder. ! Astoria <fe Portland 11 ami Pier 24
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm I Pier 2
i Krhrniiry UK. . \
Colon 'Panama * Way Pt!l2 m'PMSS
Mnreh 1. I
Corona ; Newport I 9 am! Pier 11
Totmps IHamburg & Wjr Pt' I Pier 10
Nome City... JHumboldt ,.-|10 amiPier —
I .March 2. | |
Point Arena..; Point Arena | 2 pmiPier 2
Bteamer. From. - I Due.
Colon Panama & Way Ports iFeb 24
San Pedro Humboldt Feb. 24
Empire Coos Bay ' Feb. 21
North Fork HumboMt Feb. 24
O. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria... Feb. 24
BonltaT Newport Feb. 21
Queen San Diego Keb 24
Tltanla Nanalmo Feb. 24
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 23
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 23
Mattewan Tacorna IFel>. 25
Grace Dollar... Ventura |Feb. 25
Hyades Oyster Harbor ...'Feb. 25
Coptic China and Japan Feb. V
Walla Walla... Pugct found Ports .... Feb. L'6
Keelanaw Seattle [Feb. 26
Progreso Tacoma iKeb. 1*6
Corona Newport j Feb. 27
Coronado Ban Pedro Feb. 27
Point Arena... Point Arena Ken! h
Santa Rosa Pan Ulego Feb. 2^
Kureka Humboldt |Feb. 28
St. Paul Panama f>Iar. 1
Colombia ;Valrnral?o v. PanamaiMar. i
Columbia (Portland & Astoria.... Mar. 1
Fulton (Jrays Harbor Mar. 1
Crescent City.. Ci^cent City ....,:.'.:. Mar. 2
Curainu 'Mexican Ports ......;.. Mar. 2
Wt Klyc-d $i.U0DeFYear
Weak MM/andJWomen
6iHC)ULa>>USEiL»AMlA^X THE
¦X* great Mexican; remedy; • gives t health and
«tr*ngth to bexual organs. L-epot, 1.3 Market.
¦. Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark .West
firings and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for L,ytton Springs :.at
Gtysetrllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at » Hopland for Duncan
PiirlnRS. Highland Sprinits. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda' Bay, Lakeport and Eartlett
firings'; *t Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
tprln?* Blue Lakes. .Laurel D«ll Lake. Witter
Sprints*. ' Upper - Lake. Pomo. -Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lleriey's, Bueknell's,
Panhcdrln Helithts.Hullville, Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort ' Bragg. Westport. Usal.
Wllletts. L&yte-nvllle, dimming*. Bell's Springs.
HarrU.'OlEens.- Dyer. Scotia and Eureka. » -:
'Saturday to Monday. round-trip tickets at re-
duced ; rates."!?''- -'."^^r"- r?- '• '¦'-'¦ - ?
On" Sundays,; ; round-trtp tickets to all points
beyond v San , Rafael at half rates. ¦ »
Ticket offlcs. 650 Market St.. Chronicle build.
Ing. ... ' " B. X. RYAN.
H. ".C \WHITING. , G«n. Fas». Agt. <
¦ r> Gen. ManaBer.
Ccmmtr.cini Settember 20, KOO.
FROM SAN KRAXC1SCO lO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— fi:5i. *9:15. ll:w> a. m.. »1:43»
J:15. 4:W.i:13. •*:«. «:W p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS— 7or Mill Valley and San
Raxael on Mondays. Wednesdays and tiatur-
iuys at 9:C0 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'SiOft. »10:C0. '11:10 a. m. •!:«,
315, # 4:45. «:80. S:CO p. m. . .
Trains marked «•) run to San Cuentla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO- SAN FRAN'CISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. *«:30^ J:I5. »^O a. m..
•i2:W). 1:45. *3:3O. 4:30. S:20 p. m. -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 1:45 and 10:20 p. r.i. .
SUNDAYS— 8:20.. *S:CO, •10:60. *U:43 a. m..
•1.40. «2:1S. 4:45, •«:?¦< p. m. . •
Tra'rm msrkiwi i*> 'ta^t from ?an Qu^ntln.
>—--•,--»•• — •»•—¦*¦ — j» s»>- 9y> \^-(TTgro
PATS-S<5. *.iS.:. 7:55. 9:30 a- ra.-.
1T:J.V ?:l». 3:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS '«"> Vf"* "•«i-mibr»
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p.' m.
SCNIHVS- <:C3. X0:03 a. m..' 12:05. !:13. X:S\
6. CO. 6:43 p. m. . '
THROUGH TRAINS.
«:15 a. m. «e«k day*— Cazadero ani way
stations. ¦ .
1:45 p. m. .Saturdays — Tomales and way
nations. : ' .
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tornales , and way
nations. .;.,.-
Vi« S«usatlt» F«rry.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Chicago. Union Pacific
& North-lVesiern Line
f\OUBLE Drxwing-^oom SUsping
I J Cars, Bu$il, > mokinf and Library
•*-^ Cars, ¦zith barb r. Di*in% Cars—
meals ah earft. Dzilv Tourist Car
StrvUi and Ptrsonailv Conduclti Ex-
cursiens tvtrv netk from San Francisco
at 6 p. m. Tht test of nerxthing. .
- i?. n. niTcniE
617 Market Of. Genera: A(t*i* Pneife Cbeut
Palace Hotel &4..V FRAXCZ^CO
CALIFORNIA NORTBW'ESTEBOI. ta
Xj323SSE!H3
SAN FRANCISCO AND WORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
r' ¦ Sbji Francisco to Sun RufjK-'
. TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET. ST.
! WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35. S:30.
B:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
I .p.- m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
i 11:30 p. m.
SUN'DAYS— 8:00. J:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
6an Katuel to San Francisco.
WEEKDAYS- «:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
und 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 5:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:49,
: 6:05. 6:25 p. m.
I Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
j same schedule as above. **
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Nov. 7. 1900.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I Destination. I days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, |10:40am 8:40 ant
3:20 pm 9:39 am Petaluma. I 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa, j 7:33 pm 6:22 pm
• Fulton,
7:30 am ' Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburj.
Lytton.
Geyserville,
g-30pm S:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 8:22 pm
7:30 ami ~1 Hopland 1 I
I S:00 am| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
7:30 am I 10 - 3 <«»
•t":> 8:C0«m[- Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
S:30pm • 1 - ¦'¦¦• 6:22 pm
7:30 am S:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
*>: ¦« ; ~.- ... -• and .¦ •:¦¦.¦
5:10 pm 5:(X1 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7;8O ami 8:00 ami • 110:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pmf 5:C0 pm| Sebastopol.' { 7:35 pm 6:2! pm
San Francisco At 10 A. Iff.
I" LESS tl "" >
CHICAGO
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
l>av* Markft-Street Ferry Depot.
! Local ! Limd I Ovrl'd I Local
¦¦¦ ¦ : } Daily.j Daily.j Daily.) Dally.
Lv. San 'Fran' 7:*0 a ] j.oo a | S:0O p <M n
Ar. Stockton.. !10:23 a ,11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Mfrced ..!l3:2S p 1:17 p 113m ........
" Fresno ...i C:M p 2:.15 p 3:0a a .*
" Haniord..! 4:22 p I 3;K p 7:C« a
•' Vlsalla....' 4:10 p i 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tutar«....i i:Z7 p 4:27 p o:nsa
" Bksfl»ld.^! 6:50 p 3:20 p I 7:50 a .. ..
" Kan City.! J:«a|7:3Oa
" Chtcaeo...:...:....! i:15 p ( »:0dp
a for mornlnjT. p for afternoon.
9:C0 a. m. train is tb* California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars throurh to Chtcairo. Chair Car runa
to Bakersfleld accommodation of local
first ctaia pazsenrers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor»
responding: train arrives at 5:53 p.m. dally.
4:20 p. m.; i» -Stockton Local. Correspond-
In? train arrives at 11:C5 a. m. daily.-
*:W o. m. is tho Overland Express, with
throujrh Palac« and Tourist Sleepers and
free Hecllnlns Chair Car. also Palac*
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corr«-
spor.dlasr train arrives at 6:3S p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping at
all points In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices— «41 Mai-ket- street and In Ferry
Depet. San Fradclsco: 111S Broadway. Oak-
land, i \
Dinner is served table d'hate
and breakfast and lunch
a la carte on the Santa Fa
DningCars golnsto Chicag).
Tha service is' not eq:aled
by other railways, and you
go Ihnugh in 3 days o.i thj
LIMITED '
TABLE D'HOTE
DINNER
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
«t»tITMMItlV r««irii: (OHP48f,
(pjioirto avitTen.l
{ Trwttmm ¦•««•• n««t nr» •!••«• ••» nrrlv* at
j MAM ri:AW«!IN<:«».
; " (Main Line. Foot of JUrltet Streak) v
UaTI — From Jadvakt 1. 1301. — ASIIVI
TiSOa BrnicLv Suiiuti, Elstin, V*e»Till^
Ruinfy »atl si»cri»!ii»:it<> 7i4Sr
"i8«»a Datin. Woodland. Knights Laodinc, '
-V»ry«tillo. oro»iU« 7tlSr
TiBO.t Atlantis Hipreas— Ojden and K*sl IJHr
8:0i»a Mar'.irie/.>au lt*im>ii. Vallejo. Naj-a.
Calitti jr» itlui .S»UU Uo8% | fltlSr
8:0f»A K-1l«a. Litcimorr. Trier, ti throp.
StoeVtoo 7«I3»
IsfUi Ebiatn ? Tprras— IHtU, V/iU!nni (for
Burtlett Brrinp). Willowa. K»l
Uluil, 1'ott.Unil 7U3r
• ia»A 8»n Jn«i-. llrrrrnorf. Stockton, Q
lone. .-acraiM«utu. rt*CT»i!i».
UarjavUK C'hicn. Hr.l ItluIT 4il*r
• :Sn« Oak J*!f, Cbintae. ooiiorit. Carten... ¦*: l-"»r
W:UI»a UsywariU. Hilrl au<l War HUtiont. I 1»I3a
UiOO* Lot AngelM Eii>re.«« — Martiuei,
Trucj. L»ilinip, .stuck t:u>. Jl-rocJ
Fresno »ud Lea Angeles 7il3r
!ii:in« Vfcil.-J... M*rt1u<-i ami Way fltatloni Otl-Tp
IOioua TheOrerliudLiiuited— Osden, Usn-
T-r. Omaha. Chic**^ < ••4S?
11:004 Xllrs, Stockton, Maoramentn. M«n-
rtota. Kreacti, IlanforJ, V'ljalla,
Perter»illo • 4ttSr
1 1 iQOa LiTermore. Saucer. Go:hen Joao-
tiuu. Uikewtteld, Loa Aogelef
fl:Oi»p S«cr*in>*ii>" li'liM.S>«iiifi« f.lsOOA
ai«H»r Uajward*. Nllea aud Waj 8tatloni. »«<!>»
«t«M>r Martiuex, Hail lUmnn, ValieJQ,
tUna. «. - »li.t..»». Suuta lto«» »iI3a
4i0Or IlBUlda, Winter*. fjaoramento,
Wooillaurt, KiiUliti ).»in!in»,
MarjiiTlllp. Onifllle l«:184
v 4i3»r Htrwuda. Nilasatid •'tezi JoiC t*:»\*
SiOOp NUes. LiTermore. S*ockt«m Lodl ... 1O:13a
f9:U»p Buu»et Limited, El Faio. !few
Orleans and Eaat .cIOiISa
S:UOrTbe Ottl Limited— Tracy. Fiesna.
Itakeratlelil. Kaujm fur SaiiU Uar-
bara, Loa Anicelea I»:I"Ja
UiOOr N*w Orleant Kzpresa— Itakenneld.
8auU Barbara, Lorn ADjflei. Uem<
Ing. El l'ftso, New Orleans aud
Kait 7«4»»
«ro«»p Hayvatda, NlloiaudSan Jots...... 7*4*1
tttiOOr Vallejo Ilt41*
«iO«r Oriental Mail— Ogtlen. Cbejenno.
Omaha, Chicago lS:13r
6i0ftr Oriental M»il— Ogden. Denter.
Omaha. Chieaao 4tl9r
7tOOr Or«guii and California ISi|>re».Hao-
innientii. Marjrailile, KwMlng.
r.iiU:in.l, I'Hget Miiui.iI Rml Rant I:I3|
»i«5pSaa Pablo, Tort Coxta, Utrttaej '
and Way HUtioui 11>4.14
iWtOSp V«Jlf)o .: 7a43r
(OAST l»l Vision (NNrroiT<ian B e).
(Footttt M^rltot Street.) ¦
»iI.*Va Newark. C'ontorilllr. 4a j.)o««. Triton.
Ro)il<larCri-ek.Kaiita.Uiiis»ud Way
bUUona...... •¦«'»r
tail »r Newark Oa'iterfillr. Ban .lose, Nrnr .-
Aluiailnu. 7elt»n. llnnlder Creak.
S*nta Criu and l'rlucipal Way
StatlOtIS ;....... tl»l3«4
4il»p Newark. Han .Tone, Los Gatoa 8i3»a
aV-.iUp Hunter*' Exranion. Ban Jcte and
WaySUUom .'. t?;»Or
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from 111 faiHOISCO— rirt *r Kuirt Slml (Sli» ») —
rj-M f.tm ll:W«»m. 1:00 «:00 l:Up n.
From Oakland— Foot of Bpo«dway.-jt» tS t»:M
10:CO«-m. U:00 2:00 l«Tp.m.
COAST DIVISION (Kroaii (Uh K «).
, flhlr.l ni'<1 Towmeml HfrO
IOiIOa Ooean View. «o:itl» .i«u Kraucimai.. |«*i:»i»»
•SiOUAHan .l«we »n.l Way HUl«..ii» <N«w
AIi.ia.1bii Wednesdajtimly) li»O»
• •••a H»ii J.>»o. Tiea rinoa. M«nt« <!rux.
PaelRo <Jn<To. 1"as> HnlWea. han
Luis ObiatNi, Surf. I.oiopoc and
'.¦„ t'A Prlncrpal Way Htatl..n» v .. «'••» ;
!•«<«» Baa Ji>»9 and Way Hlatlons ««3*»
llsUO* Man Ji«iam> Way .SUII.mi. ........ »'3»»
tVi-tSr Ban Mateo. Hod wool. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. «ant» Clara. H«i> .Joae.
\ Tre« Pinof. «»'•»« «rv*. Saltuaa,
Monterey anil Taeine <ln>T» tl«»1*a
ts^nr Han Jose and Way 8t*tlons ........ •«•«»'
t4iiarSauJiweaml Principal Way 8latiemi ».*»*
tSsiinr San Joea. l«s Gatos and Trinelpal
W»» 3titioii» "............. t*i oi »«
StaOpSaiiJoieaii-U'rlnelpalWaiStailoni »:3">»
i;::iopSanJcs»aii.l WayHUlloiw '2 : i'2*
all;45r Sail Jew an.l Way Htntloin..." " 3 ">
A (or Morning * 1> for Afternoon <
f Mondays, WeaoMdar". Frl<l»r»-
c Turtdajrs. Tbursisr*. Suodaj*.
aSuii'rds* only.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via StuuUtu Ferry— Foot of Mickei b:.
tv nil w«. <n.n«»<<,
f:il i: H:l ••¦ ••- daysV,^: ( ** j : -
4:00 r. tt.) Suj-overnightattUeTAVKnJvtH'^cVA. m
8:00 a.m.) ,- ¦ ., . f l:0Op.v
»:S: — suxDAy^.™.......h;«;;.M
1:15p.m.) - . I si.-ai-Ts:
l-»re s»n Franci»e-i to Suqimit »rd Return, yt.to.
Ticket office*. 6'Jl Market et., & Sausallto Kerrr
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
• RAILWAY TRAVEL.^
GRAPE-NITTS.
AN OFFICER'S WIFE
Comments on the Food Question.
"I had a very curious experience with
food and its relation to the body. Some
tine ago, from unavoidable exposure to a
high wind for some time, I was attacked
seriously with neuralgia in the head.
¦which ultimately became chronic, and I
Buffered much, aa added to the pain I had
a Btrangre roaring: or surging: sound in my
head, which kept me awake at night, and
was of the most unpleasant character.
"It wa» no. in the ears, but seemed in
the very center of the head, and was ex-
tremely distressing. Occasionally I had
tflzzineFS come over me with the strange
roaring. Marines seemed to produce no
bTieflrial result. I finally concluded that
the famous brain food known as Grape-
Nuts would he the proper thing for me to
use. and I started in. using it every day.
"At encp I hrpan to* recover; the neu-
ralgia pains left and Fteadily and surely
thfe <5i£tr*p«=inij? roarinc in my brain which
had so tortured mo began to disappear.
It prew fainter and fainter, with Ions
epelis of rest between the return of the
hateful noises, until, in & comparatively
ehort t!me, th<-y Ftopp*d completely and
entirely.
"I am now permanently free from this
«S!£tre«Eir.p nffllctlcn. My head is entirely
veil and strong, with that bright feeling
wh5rh we refer to as *cl*ar as a bell."
Apart from tli<» wonderful value of the j
fr.od. It Is a nwft delicious article, ar.d I j
can assure you I have an ardently con- I
Burning- affection for it. •
"This Is a plain, honest statement of j
my case ar.d what Grape-Nuts food has
done for me. I shall ever be grateful
from my hp«rt that- It has bwn piven to
the world and I have been one of the for-
tunate people to u$e it. I neplected to My
that I have pained remnrkably In my gen-
eral health and strength and in flesh also
Fince be pinning the use of Grape-Nuts. I 1
have not. had .an opf»ortunlty to weigh j
rsysc-lf. but my appearance Is sufficient, j
Please kindly vrithhold ray name from •
publication if you use this letter." The I
lady Is located at the Government fort at j
Omaha, Neb. Nsme given upon appllca- j
ticn to Poetum Cereal Co., I»td.. Battle I
-reek M'--h r JEHB13t3KB&@u9£ I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sterlina Furniture £s|§
Even Uncle Sam gets credit! Why shouldn't you? Jg)
Every store in San Francisco gives credit to some- i.*s
rg; body-— preferred customers maybe ! ;
15$ w^e Trvist YOU fe
gj You don't have to be a millionaire to get credit at i?§
tr our store nor do we ask you to pav us every cent you 5?^
*2j can possibly spare. from, your income. >|i
(fer We do ask you to pay a little down and then arrange V&
E* for weekly or monthly payments in sums that you can w£
5B4 easily meet — you name the sum. jS-,
g That Richmond Rang'e Offer . IS
is an example of our terms. For February we offer one of these splendid (|V
; 15^? ranges (and there are none better in the world) for $5.00 down and J3.C0 ]Eg5i
IW a month; all set up in your home with waterback connected. (»
! cSsJ : Prcbably our present supply will not last until others get here. - But £5^ :
rjL* 1 you can place your order with us now on these terms and if we can't fill all (fe,'
>O . orders at once we will fill them March 10th when two carloads are due «J
S^J Usually our credit prices are lower than most stores' £&£
«^| cas'i prices— 'not always, sometimes they are the same, (fe
C* ' ' ¦ ' m2
Tj* + A This Golden OoK CKifforier 'i9^>
rf y^, '^^ tf "^j^. $^jf\ . It's oak — solid golden onk. i'jS
;5s pfermr-^^fr 4 fwty&rfp it is 33 in. wide and 46 in. hir.h. «> :
(fer . ~**^^^fj4f*&\ 't has five deep, roomy drawers and 7&£
hx '^^^^'^^S^^w^l I' \ - is well finished. jy3<
(t*^\ r^-- 1 -^" 0 -— Qf^'-n A It'sa necessary piece of furniture that JTO*
/ >A\ everybedy has use for and nobody }^} -
iM A Bureau to Match /M T"^^^^ 'M
*Z>i Golden oak, neatly finished and very sub' ' flff/tf i\\^^^^= 'f^'
fA) stantially made. • B#lk ¦ iffl*^=Zs* Wl
Jop is 40x18 inches. The French plate flf/H 77^^^ p% :
JSfi) mirror is 18x24 inches- Ycu must sec it tonnFB5/»L 1£ ijc^jfp j^k
Qm Would'nt you like to open an ~~Jt!$ V J5j*£^^
© account with us ? r— \^^_- . _t ¦ <;. " S
1 Sterling Furnitiire |
W- 1O39 MarKet Street ro
«5 . , • ES
This Is an Extraordinary Y^^^^^^^^^^^ '" "^ °' Su " Sf "' ne Prepar9 f ° r T^
Chance to Buy 'rr^^^M?^^^ Rain -Here's the Opportunity! B
§ Torchon L8^e for Half !PpJg3^ Ladies' or Gents' 9
I Its Raguiar Price. Vf^W Uml]r8llas - I
H It is made of finest cotton, run in s=uch ' %t^^J^y^^'^^t Made nf h*>«:t quality Italian twill cloth, S
M finp mtt«m« that it i,,nk« nw«» tho p ntn \\^S\^r^TI^^ warranted fast black, steel rod. best H
M nne patterns tnat It looks like the l.nen Vi^ -3 \gi KM tempered steel ribs and frame. Natural Q
H hand-run lace, 2 and S Inches wide, ail >»JL^ .IJL— W wood handles, sterling silver trimmed— I
MJ . . , ", . prices cut. to about nothing ¦~-,">Oc *
jg good wash laces-to this weeks selling r.e (Sale at O'Farrell-street Entrance.) 1
I -|_ Once More, Ladies, We Call Yovr Alien- j
I™ tion— at Rosenberg's, of Course! I
I ii B//»///pe' Kltnhnn HnnnncT~ Made of good quality checked gingham, |
1 AaaJ L.uuieb nticnGn tip runs 900j / engtn and widthf Tfie50 jnt 1
H /bw->Z< oprons are on show in our windows, O'Farrel/'Siraet Entrance, for. . . . ' Z2C 8
1 In fliir Hflnfikornhiof flon't /?T~~^ ' Spec ' af (fTerf " 9 of 1
I 111 UUI nanOKeiCillBI liep I. I fldiV HnriprQkiriQ 3
H LADIES* HANDKERCHIEFS- Made of beat Bel- ffljX^ •LuUIuU U ll U C I O A I ! 1 0 i
H fas=t litipn. hemstitrhed. -nith neat hand-made Initials: J*r£^5*£ZArX& L , T , . . ,, ... fj
M linlaundprod. just the way they come from the fftr- s&&Z?***3GZiE*L -M^ r lf of v«rj- test quality silVt a
•3 toty '. lU'^j* &V^ 9^?S2Kt?sa rn^roen. fast black, mad* very y»
W vfJATV (H'vtc! 1 H A vriK- mnpH i r'ra' m.^r * * wi^ p wlth three ruffles on hot- J
,H host quality Irish lawn, hemstitched borders. HIGH- l^ r-o% than we a^k for 5
I LY SPECIAL lOe skfr't c^plete .?.... ... S 2.75 3
I Values Without Equal in Our sample unei I
1 leather Goods Department. "^K Ladiss' Vests. I
H LADIES 1 COMBINATION PURSE AND POCKET- The?e vests ars exceptional values and should not 1
f j BOOK, made of best quality leather. Morocco pressed. last lonjt«>r than a day. {
gf lined, rivete-d steel frame, sterling silver trimmed. a!I .\ Fanipl«» l!r.f» to be" sold at sample prices. S
B well made and sewed. These articles are exceptional Amonr the lot nre the following: fc
B values and should not last longer than the day at.4Sc LADIES' VEST low neck, no sieeves. made of best S
a* AGAIN— LADIES' FINGER PURSE3, made of quality Ktlkoline; rie-k and armslze finished with cro- f
3 'best quality seal pressed leather, lined, well sewed, chet-d rdpr« of silk, drawn through with silk tane: g
t not glued; riveted steel frame. Attractively priced colors pink ar.d blue. Our sample price 25c B
E , ". r»Oc . ARMN. i./DIES-LAlMEffXEWSHIELD SHAPE B
5 i ; 'iV:i i'l a n ,, DC r cod o VESTS, made of very best quality silk, low neck. nr» H
j WCL.L; A PlKoD rUK zc. I sdhb sleeves, neck and armslze finished with crocheted fl
l Ank to see our coin purses, made of Jbttttk edge of silk, drawn through with sMk tipe. Others of- a
i pood leather, lined and well made. Rldlc- ».¦¦&"%} fer this as a barpaln at €5 cents. Our pric<* 3
™ ulously pric-d . . t.Sc > AT.SO — LADIES' SWISS RIBBED VXT5EJIVEST 3
I, made of best quality, a 11- wool, steam-shrunk and 9
Da Ton T 1 I 1 fi t to 01 Uilf medicated; high neck, Inns sleeves. ne<-k finished with 4
Wis^i I iniflO \PQrtO nrKimnQrO d * nail crocheted edce. drawr through with s'lk ribbon taoe. H
Eom* I lUluO] 'JUfl 10 Ul llUliJlUlO PrifO 1 ? A Karment worth double the r>rir.> wo ask 7.~o j^
¦ iuiuw) vwl1 "" Wl llu "." uiu rilUBr AGAIN" - INFANTS- WRAPPERS, or vesta, made B
500 sample Spachtel Tidies, made on best cambric of fineM quality picked yarn, buttoned all the way a
eround. all fancy openwork, fancy, well-made edsre«, down the front, neatly "finished, neck finished with «
20x20. only. 2.">c crocheted edee. drawn through with silk wash rib- I
B ALSO CENTER DOILIES. 9x9 1 Tic boru Rosenberg's sample price li.1t* j
¦ B Again, RUNNERS, same quality as above. 15x31 "ill flllD - f% I n ± 1 4
b inches, only ?<?25c IN ouH PnroQT DonQiiniDnt -1
9 And many more in different sizes at the same low [VEPi BUSY UUlUUl UDpUl llllulll 9
£ Sake NOTI.CE-There are no two alike. You know We // " t " > « *& Specials That We Particularly Desire |
g what that means— first pick the best. pC^ ' ' *° pall Your Attention tc: jj3
I Sweeping Reductions m Our V ?'< tlsed R. & G°* STRAIGHT^ 0 FRONT W
a am ¦• III' ' T\ li A\« CORSET. ma-le of be3t quality j
R IVlllOlin llnnQrii'QQr llQn V t <?tv**sV ;- French Jean, bias cut. hand gored. S
I IllUOllll UllUDIVYGd! UCU ll /^SU ¦•do«ble side steels . rust -proof fwnt |
« _ . . - , . ¦ / Ajxv>7^ steels, n^w low sloping bust, top and I
B <^fci>k Goods must be closed out to make V rJt>v« 1 ' bottom lace beading and satin ribbon
I id^V room for our new stock. Ladies' Rs,*^'/ 1 1 trimmed. Our introduction prtoe I
r <4*~~*3f drawers, made of very best soft- '"^ ¦ '.' ' Sl.OO H
Is V 1 bleached muslin, tucked and finished ,,'." ' . ,,' . , , ,-_, ,, .1 . .*«„»« W
S J^ [ with deep flounce of fine cambric em- We carry a full 'and comple'e /life of the new shapes. a
B "¦tfSPT'S* broidery, all well made, finished felled if* O u break a s'.eel in these corsets ins de of SO days. M
i ,?, ' a ™ s - O"r clean-up price <™<? we give you another one free oj charge. \ M
y (bale at O Farrell-street Entrance.) SPECIAL NO. J Is the world-rennwned MA JESTT §3
¦ ANOTHER— Ladles' powns. made of best quality CORSET, made ©f*best quality French cloth. fa3t Q
¦ soft-bleached muslin, double yoke back, square yoke black, boned throughout with best tempered steel. H
gS front, of embroidery and insertion; neck, front and rust-proof.* suitable for. ladles of a stout figure, as It gl
B sleeves finished with ruffle of embroidery. Our rapid holds the abdomen in^place and gives a beautiful «f}
H clearing price $1.1!) rounded effect to the. waist and hips. Our special <32- * o jm
1 Jf\T7 13AC!T?'M"D17I>r' 816- market street, |L
i\Upr<JNlSjl<Ku, su , B sss?a3sa! i *aiSSErffiiifcG. /¦The happiest day of our young lifd twLs
when the only available shingle to lick ns
with broke In tho middle. -¦
Trapper** Oil cures rheumatism and neuraltfa.
Druecl»t». 66c Cask . Richards A Co.. 4M Clay. •
> The Ladies' Auxiliary of the 3 Ohio So
ciety . of California held a meeting last
evening at the Palace Hotel. . Arrange
ments ; were ;. made for ' the reception and
entertainment of President McKinley and
the visitors from the State of Ohio, who
will arrive here in May to .witness the
launching of the - battleship Ohio. -An
election was held during the. evening and
the following 1 officers were elected:;Presi
° i: n . e Mrs. -Mary Mozart; secretary, Mrs.
Aadie . L. Ballou; treasurer, Mrs. Annie
Ladies' Auxiliary Ohio Soci«ty.
A lecture entitled "God Save the Queen"
will be delivered by the Rev. Peter C.
Yorke In Metropolitan Hall on Monday
evening, March Us. far the benefit of St
Charles School. -
Rev. P. C. Torke to I#ecfare.
Dress suit cases, traveling rolls, trunks,
valises, combs, 'brushes, lap tablets,
pocketbooks, card cases,* billhooks'
cameras and toilet articles. All fine
leather goods lettered In gold free of
charge. Best goods and lowest prices
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Travelers' Outfits.
P. C.~. Kelly - will" sell ; to-morrow at the
assignee sale of clothing men's suits for
$4.65. There Is not .one' suit In this lot
that Is not worth at least $15; sqme arere
talled In this city for $20. Your time is
to buy /when* there is an opportunity like
this. Just, think, men's all-wool suits,
cheviots, in black and gray, all will be
sold for $1 65 a suit. Everybody Is wel
come at the clothing assignee sale of the
Boston. 775 Market street, near Fourth. / •
A'Great Opportunity.'
PRICE MUST FIGHT.— It appears that the
Board of Police . Commissioners Intend to ap
peal from the Judgment rendered by Judge
Hebbard ordering the reinstatement of William
Price to the rank of lieutenant of police. A
rtlpulatton, signed by counsel representing the
petitioner and the respondents, was filed yes
terday in which it wan argued that all ordi
nances cited by counsel in their briefs be ad
mitted as havlnir been read In evidence. This
Is tha preparatory rtep to an appeal.
associati6n of cooks
celebrates anniversary
Hundreds Partake of Hospitality of
Chefs at Native Sons'
Hall.
The first anniversary ball of the Cooks'
Association of the Pacific Coast held last
night at Native Sons' Hall was a swell
affair and was attended by a large crowd.
The feature of the evening was the grand
march, led by Floor Director Jack Hayes
and his wife. Fully 100 couples partici
pated going through the intricate move
ments of the march without a break. At
midnight the guests were served with a
supper prepared by the members or tne
association which would tickle the palate
of an epicure. .
The affair was arranged by the follow
ing committees:
Arrangements— C. Erbacher. A. Laplace. F.
Smith. A. Schlueb. J. Raffestin. F. Vlleone. 9.
N>wmsn. C. Vlnez. A. LoKan, J. Sanders. F.
Otto A. Gaudard.' M. Grofsraan, TL Becker.
M Becheraa. P. Montmayror. U. Fournlguler.
H.' Steward. J. Stoltz and 1*. Parisot.
Assistant floor manager, V. J. Quartararo.
Floor-Jack Hayes. V. J. Quartararo. A.
Burjrlln C. Katzuns:. E. B. Herschman. J.
Tleu'.le and C. GHbert.
In all probability the merchants and
other creditors having back claims
against the city will be obliged to waive
the legal interest on such claims when
tho old Indebtedness Is finally settled.
This point has been decided upon by
Auditor Wells, who said yesterday that
he would so' recommend to' the Board of
Supervisors at a conference' shortly to be
held, when action on the proposition of
redeeming the claims will be taken.
The constitutional amendment adopted
at the last election provides for the pay
ment of interest at the rate of 7 per cent
per annum on claims'of 1S93, 1894, 1895. 1896
and 1S9S. The Auditor has figured that the
city owes about $330,000, on which the in
terest at the rato named will amount to
something like $90,000. Some of the claims
which have been revived by the amend
ment have been running since 1893 and
the interest thereon will reach a tidy fig
ure. Auditor AVolls is of the opinion that
the creditors should be willing to- surren
der their rights in the matter of inte/est.
He says that most of the claims were
given up long ago by their holders, they
having in many cases written off the
amounts on their loss accounts. Now that
the face value of the claims Is within
their grasp -Wells think.-! they should be
willing to accept it without imposing an
additional burden on the city.
. To pay the principal and interest of the
claims will require about $450 .000. accord -
Ing to "Wells' figures. He estimates that
there will be $2M),000 available from the
surplus fund remaining in the city treas
ury at the end of this fiscal year. If the
interest, amounting to $100,000, Is waived
by the creditors there will be but $90,000
to be raised by the levy of a special tax
on July 1, 1001. This would necessitate a
rate of but a fraction over 2 cents on
every $100 assessed valuation, with the
total roll estimated at $410,000,000.
The Auditor is receiving many answer*
in response to his circular which he sent
to the various creditors with a request to
furnish itemized statements of their
claims in order that he may ¦ compare
them with his books. He was much rur
prised to. receive a reply from' R. F. Os
born & Co. to the effect that the firm has
no ; claim against the city. Considering
that; the firm Is on the Auditor's books
for claims of $43 50 and $15 17. which ap
pear as not having been paid, Wells be
lieves that there are some honest people
in the world yet.- Another firm writes
that its claim is much less than noted.
• while others have sent equivocal answers,
leading the Auditor to believe that they
have no knowledge of the claims other
than that furnished by the Auditor's cir
cular. Wells explains the discrepancy by
saying that some of the claims may have
been paid out of other funds and not post
ed on^ the original accounts. He thinks
that his first estimate of the city's in
debtedness may be somewhat reduced.
Auditor Will So Recommend
in Settling City's
j Indebtedness. :
CREDITORS MOST
WAIVE INTEREST
of the Mutual Electric LJjjht Company,
testified that his company was supplying
arc lights to the Harbor Commissioners at
a cost of J2 per llpht a week: The other
companies charse $2 50 for the same qual
ity of light tn the downtown district. Ho
did not think that 25 cents, or even p
cents per arc light per night was too high.
He explained that while he furnished the
lights for $2 a week his lights were not ex
posed to the elements. Consequently
there were few globes broken and the car
bon points were not as quickly consumed.
The saving in carbon points and globe's
mnde it possible to sell lights at a" rate
lower than the other companlea.
The further Investigation Into the cost
of electric lighting was postponed until
the regular meeting to-morrow, when En
gineer Jones will produce his books, show
ing the cost of the plant and the profit, if
any, made in electric lighting .
Customs Collector Stratton was notified
yesterday by the Treasury Department
that It would be proper to Institute suits
against the PaciHc Mall Steamship Com
pany for damages for the escape from
the detention shed at the Mail dock of
eleven Chinese and three Japanese immi
grants who were being held by the steam
ship company pending the decision of the
Collector as to their right to land.
The notification came in the form of a
decision by Maurice D. O'Connell. Solici
tor of the Treasury Department at Wash
ington, in the case of the escape of a Chi
nese cook from the ship A. J. Fuller In
the harbor of Kahulul, Hawaii. Hon.
John C. Baird, United States Attorney
for the district of Hawaii, had rendered a
decision in that casa that the master of
the vessel was not liable to the penalty
provided by section 2 of the act of July
5, ISSi. because of his mere neglect prop
erly to guard the Chinaman. Mr. Baird
held that it would have to be showa that
there was some collusion on the part of
the master to render him liable to the
penalty of $500. The matter was taken
to the department and Mr. Balrd'a ruling
was reversed by Solicitor O'Connell
.. ° Conne11 Quotes section 2, as fol
v^f^ 0 " V" 1^ 1 * 1 tfie master of any vessel who
shall knowingly brlnsr within the United States
on such vessel and land, or permit to be landed
any Chinese laborer from any foreign port or
place, shall be -guilty of a misdemeanor, and
on conviction thereof, shall be punched by a
One of rot more than J3C0. *
Mr. O'Connell says in his decision:
I do r.ot aerte with the District Attorney in
hl« view that there murt be some "•lii/ma
tion - act on the r>art of the master, euch us
connivance or collusion, to render him amen
able to the statute. I think that the law. in
tends that the master of a vet&el shall t*ke
proi>er and needful i>recautions to prevent the
landing of Chinese laborers from his vessel
and that, in the case of a landing, the failure
to take *uch precautions Is *to "permit" the
laborer to be landed, within the meaning of the
Btatute. I think that the Matute reaches as
well a cane In which the landing; is the result
m the negligence of the roaster as one In whi"h
he expressly . gives his consent . to the landing
This Clitinction the statute recognizes by al
lowing the liRiXMiltion of a fine "not excelling
five hundred dollars." In the case In which
the negligence was not of a flagrant character
the court might consider a small fine surnclent
punishment.
The "detention shed" at the Mail dock
in this city is constructively the deck of
the vepsel on which the Immigrants ar
rived. They are in charge of the steam
ship company and the corporation Is re
sponsible for the production of the im
migrants whenever required by the Col
lector of the Port. The company Is not
under bonds* for the safe keeDlng of
these Chinese immigrants, and the only
law that requires the corporation to keep
safely the detained passengers Js the sec
tion Quoted. .
The United States Attoraw forbore
from filing suit against tho Pacific Mall
Steamship Company because he did not
think that the section applied to escapes
through neglecl. United States District
Attorney Coombs paid yesterday that as
roon as he had been officially notified of
Solicitor O'Connell's decision he would
present the mater to the Federal Grand
Jury. . •
If Negligence Be Shown U.
S. Attorney Coombs Will
Prosecute.
PACIFIC MAIL
MAY BE FINED
On striking a light the proprietor of the
store found that the floor had been liber
ally sprinkled with oil.
Detectives McMahon and Ed Wren ar
rested the boys at their homes last night.
The officers are sure they have the cul
prits, as they have been prowling around
at all sorts of I hours.
A few hours later the boys entered the
tool house in Washington Park and stole
a number, 6t tools. They also opened all
the water ¦ faucets. A shoestore on the
corner of Greenwich street and Mont
gomery n venue was the next place visited
by the youthful depredators. They broke
in the door of the store and threw the
tools at the partition behind which the
proprietor was snoring:. He was aro # usod
bv the noise and rose to Investigate.
When he made hla appearance the boys
ran.
Their names are Arthur BIppel and Paul
Werner, and neither is more than 12 years
of age>. They broke into Helnze's plumb-
Ing shop Friday night and knocked the
knob off the safe, but did not open it.
They also sprinkled coal oil on the floor,
and evidently tried to set fire to the place,
as numerous matches were found
near the oll-sbaked boards.
The desire to make records for t"hem
selves as heroes of »ne kind portrayed t>y
dime novels has brought to grief two
North Beach small boys, who have, in fol
lowing the lead of the gods of their yel
low literature, been committing all sorts
of depredations In the neighborhood of
Filbert and Greenwich streets and Mont
gomery avenue. l
Two Small Boys Commit
Several Burglaries and
Attempt Arson.
ARE INSPIRED
BY DIME NOVELS
MRS. LESLIE CARTER, the fa
mous actress, will be sec^ again
in this city on Monday night, at
the Columbia. Theater-goers
have looked iorward with pleas
ant anticipation to her coming, and she
will be given a warm welcome on her
opening night, when she will appear in
David Belasco's latest masterpiece, "Za
za." a play that gives her every opportu
nity to display her wonderful ability as
an actress.
Mrs. Carter has not been here since her
production of. "The Heart of Maryland."'
Her splendid 'acting in that famous, war
drama won her a warm place in the
hearts of local resldenta. Her portrayal
of "Zaza" Is a wonderful piece of emo
tional acting and has established her rep
utation as one of the best emotional ac
tresses on the Kngllsh stage. Jealousy,
hatred, passionate love and womanlv ten
derness are exhibited in the fuM, grand
realization of an exacting part
An admirable company supports the
star, the completeness of the performance
being largely due to the fine work of such
players as Charles A. Stevenson, Marie
Bates. Mark Smith, Hugo Toland. Harold
Howard. Maud Winter. Herbert Millward.
Edgar Hart. Teresa Borta and others of
Mr. Belasco's fine organization.
H-H-l-i-M' I M •: .M..H..H-M-1"': i'H- •
The gas rate for the coming fiscal year
was practically fixed at $140 per thou
sand feet yesterday by the Supervisors.
There will not be any change from the
existing rate unless some other company
enters the rield when bids are cailea tor,
and that is altogether unlikely. .
When the £ui>erviporp, sitting as a com
mittee of the whole, resumed their Inves
tigation into tho matter of fixing the gas
rate Supervisor Reed stated that he be
lieved all the members were convinced
that the present rate of $140 was fair -to
the company and.. the consumer. "We
nlso know," said he, "that there has
been a raise in the price of material since
we last fixed tho rate. The'old company
also agrees to erect;, 150. cluster, lights
along 'ihird street. Market street and Vaji
Ness avenuo and light them jat a cost of
15 cents a lamp per night." • *
•' "I do not see why ¦these additional
lamps should be erected alo/ig those par
ticulur streets,"., remarked Supervisor
Dwyer. "My constituents who; live in the
Mission district are complaining that they
are being discriminated -against." -•
"It matters not to us," said E. C. Jones;
chief engineer of the San Francisco Gaa
and Electric, Company, "where the addi
tional cluster lamps are erected. We will
place them wherever we are directed by
the board." -¦•
Supervisors • Boxton and Braunhart
thought that the committee "was acting
hastily In fixing, the maximum rate at
$140 per thousand feet. •,"! believe that
we should -look- further into the cost of
production of gas.'N said Braunhart.-"Un
limited oil fields are belne opened up In
this State," said he In conclusion, "and
much of the oil can be used In the manu
facture of illuminating gas. This oil can
be supplied much cheaper than coal."
The other Supervisors, present were of
the opinion that no harm, would' follow
the re-commendation of tho $140 rate by
the committee, and a motion to that ef
fect was carried. "We are not binding,
ourselves in any way,", said Re«d. "Wa
are only recommending the maximum
rate." :
The matter of electric lighting was
next taken up, and Engineer Jones was
again called to the witness chair.
"At what rate per kilo watt hour is
your company supplying electricity to the
city?" asked Reed.
"We are furnishing power and light to
tho •Hall' of Justice for 5 cents per kilo
watt hour," answered Jones.
"Is it not a fact," asked Reed, "that
the Independent Electric Light Company
furnishes light for a little less than 4 cents
per 1000 watts?" . ¦
"It may be that competition has brought
the price down."- answered tho witness.
"I now ask you." said Reed, addressing
E. J. Martin of the Harbor Light and
Power Company, "if tho company you
represent , does not furnish light and
power"at less than 5 cents per 1000 watts?"
"No. sir," replied Martin. "Our price
is about 8 cents net." 5 •
"Is it not true, Mr. Martin," persisted
Reed, "that you charge 12 cents where
there is no competition?"
"It is not," -answered the witness. "The
amount consumed and not competition
fixes the rate."
Reed then renewed the examination of
Jones and elicited the' information that 12
cents per kilo watt would only be. a fair
price. "We are selling light In some
places at a loss," said he, "and 12 cents
would make a fair average."
• Jones was temporarily excused and A.
M. Hunt, general manager of the Inde
pendent Electric Light Company, was
called as a witness. He testified that he
believed 11 cents per kilo watt would be a
fair rate In outlying districts. . "Our high
est rate," said he, "is 9 cents, with a dis
count, and some. of our customers do not
"Use ther minimum amounts, $1 50 per
month.-I believe that 11 cents would be
equitable In outlying districts and from.
4 to 6 or 7 cents In the downtown districts.
If the city furnishes the poles we will fur-'
nish arc lights at 27^4 cents a night."
W. R. Summerhayes, general manager
During the" Coming
Fiscal Year..
¦Iiittli. Hope for Reduction
PRACTICALLY FIX
ON OLD GAS RATE
MRS. LESLIE GARTER
TO APPEAR EST "ZAZA"
Famous Actress Will Present David
Belasco's Latest Emotional Drama at
the Columbia, Beginning Monday
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, Sp;NDAY,^IpEBRUARY 24, 1901.
MRS. LESUE CARTER, THE NOTEE1 ACTRESS, WHO WILL PRESENT
BELASCO'S PLAY "ZAZA" FOR THE FIRST TIME IN THIS CITY
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
22
The February BOOKMAN says:
"'Eben Holden' was ! unques-
tionably the- leading book for the
-<^ A th, and was practically in a
class by itself, probably exceeding
in numbers for the ten davs imme-
diately.; preceding Christmas any
titles issued in recent years, except-
ing in cases of accumulated orders
; given in advance of publication."
"The marvelous" success of 'Eben
Holden' is as much a compliment
to the great American public as to
the author. . . . 'Eben Holden'
is a true book; it is pre-eminentlr
a story of Americans for Ameri-
cans. We have long heard calls for
what should be the creat American
novel ; ' here we j have the nearest
approach to it. In American litera-
ture we have now a perfect repre-
sentation of a typical American
character.'.' — Philadelphia. Telegraph".
EDMUND CLARENCE STEDMAN says:
"It is a -forest-scented, fresh-aired, bracing and wholly American story
of country and town life. . ./If, in the far future, our. successors
wish to know what w-ere : the real life and atmosphere in which the coun-
try folk that saved this nation* grew, loved, wrought and had their beinK.
they must go back to such true and restful and poetic tales of 'fiction* as
'SnowBound'. and 'EbenHolden.'.':,
I2m3; ¦•: Gold Lettered on Red Cloth, Gilt Top, $1.50. At Ail Bookstores.
BOSTON,
LOTHROP PUBLISHING COMPANY,
Most Wonderful
Ever Offered.
Made of Genuine Gape Stock," %yith
full out scams, quirks and Paris points.
They look like the English ' vvalkiris:
gloves now sold at two dollars. ...•
A Special Sale!
120 dozen Ladies' Two-Clasp Real
Kid, in black, white, red and brown. A
one dollar glove for <>5c.
MOSS GLOVE STORE;
I2IO MARKET STREET,
. Bet. Taylor and Jones, ¦ - • ) •
MAIL ORDERS RECEIVED*
By IRVING BACHELLER,
"The 'Lorna Doone' of American Fiction." — The* Interior.
Bailey's
Pneumatic >«
>< WHALEBONE
Road Wagon
SOLD BY...
STUDBBAKBft
The thirty years* experience selling
. vehicles in California brings results in
largely Increased business.
!
STDDEBAKER BROS. MFG. CO.
Market and Tenth.'
L. P. WEAVER. Manager.
THE
SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES
IN THE VAtXTS OF THE
CALIFORNIA SAFE' DEPOSIT'
AND TRUST COMPANY
ONLY COST 85.00 PER YEAR
(And tTpward).
™2eSS3 r^t-R v^ ai F a e u^ fe
AND IMPORTANT PAPERS.
Offices : Ccr. California & Montgomery Sts.
EVERY WOMAN
is interested and should know
j*CJ5"5^r^v about the u oudcrful
»vvU < «T V «;irt Tb « °« w Varlaal Syrinre.
L\»V V5» \ '¦^'Sw 'l **l*ction and Suction.
H'.«^N :« Q?^' Best-Safest-Most Con-
X^V*TlS0V venlent. It Cleanser
Instantly-
A*k fo«r tnx&A lor h. \v., /Ln» », <n^—^~
If \* r»twiot tupplr the NjbV "*?v'^' : '/r-
MABVEUianitM \,, "" ; y-^>_
oiber. but tend tump for \\\v\- \v # "'"'¦/, '. 'j\j
trat»dhook — arslrd. If irh'jfj'.: V'.. I '''tfT
C93 Minion rt.. Ean Francleeo. *>*<l^
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON ETS.— RE-
xncxSeled ana renovated. KING, WARD &
CO.. Kuropean plan. Rooms, &0c to fl 60 day:
5: io }» week: $* to 120 month. Free bathe: hot
end cold water every rocm: flre grates In every
room: elevator runs all night.
Bad way's
r-jr< !y vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
r>trf«ct difestion. complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For tbc cute of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liv*r. Bowels. -Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
re«^ilarlUes. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
t'tipation, Pllea and all derangementa of the
Internal Viscera* ZSa a 1 box. At DruetfitB. or
ky malt ; BAD WAT k CO.. New Tort
NEW FRENCH EMBROIDERIES.
C\ir New importation of FRENCH EMBROIDERIES has
Just heen received. Then are In Nainsook, Swiss
and CamhPlc. We have all widths of Edgings, with
lnsertlngs and nlloYers to match— In all about 75
JIFFERENT STYLES.
NEW WHITE GOODS.
WHITE CORDED PIQUES, Plain and Fancuj FANCY
DOTTED SWISS, FRENCH ORGANDIES, NOVELTY
WHITE FABRICS, FANCY TUCKINGS, LAWNS,
» BATISTE, LONG CLOTHS and NAINSOOKS.
¦ . ¦
NEW WASH FABRICS.
New Irish and Scotch Printed Dimities, Mercerized
French Printed Sateens and Foulards, Printed
Challies, Scotch Ginghams, English Galateas and.
, Genuine Japanese Wash Crepas.
NEW SILK WAISTS.
Ladles' Taffeta and Peau de Sole Silk Waists, all the latest
shades and newest stnles, $4.50 to $15 Bach
WHITE SKIRTS AND NIGHT DRESSES.
75 Dozen Ladles' Fine White Skirts and Nlant Dresses,
made of extra aualltu muslin, also cambric; trim*
med with fine emcrolderu and lace,
$1.00 up to $5.00 Bach
i Our Special Sale o? FINE LACE CURTAINS Will
BeContinued All This Week. *
We are receiving daily large
shipments of New Goods, and
will show this week a splendid
assortment of the following:
' r - EXPEBT OPTICIAN.
-^^^ Cut This Out
An Honest and Conscien-
tions Optical Service
Free
By Gecce Maverle, the- German
Expert Optician (also G'aduate of
the American College of Ophthal-
mology), Charter Member of the
American Association oi Opticians.
German Eyewater 5Oc.
.10714 MAFK-T STREET
• (Opposite Hlbernla Bank).
Mail Orders Filled. jS$fiS?6j»'J»5?few"
Telephone South 572. l^^^^^^j,
See City Directory for ' ''WYsJffitfj^Li
Eye Specialists. **§ir*—j^P
Neglected Eyesight Affects the Brain.
Mayerle's Glasses Strengthen the Eye a.n<J
Bra!n.
CUT THSS OUT. ',
two I
3WC11 1
a^ a n 4* ty ' r
3 ' U I I a
To-day is the telling of many new arrivals. And re
there's more to be told than you'll find in the 3d. S
First, the new tailor-made suits. We've tried j|
to describe them, but their beauty is hard to explain. 3
J* By all odds the prettiest ready-made styles we've seen. 1
i Second, the waists, and, third, the new arrivals. |
By the way, the new things are coming in faster than I
the selling. In to-day's Examiner you'll see how we |
hasten the selling. Bad weather to blame. I
Some special offers there and some good news here. g
A 17EW TAILOR-MADE SUIT— Of the fashionable Venetian I
Goth— castor is the oolor, and the skirt, collar, lapels and ||
cuiTs are finished withS band of panne velvet and erold | j
braid (this is a decidedly; fashionable feature) — bell skirt and | j
3 eton jacket— the new standing L'Aiglon collar. Splendidly ft!
tailored and elegantly made in every particular..?20.00 each > !
I ANOTHTSB NEW SUIT—h's feature is the jacket— a jaunty lit- f
1 de aflair with the new standing collar and the latest cut in J
flare fronts. A belt of the same material holds the jacket ur ; M
place and makes it in all the nattiest little affair we have ever Gj
5 seen. The fit is perfect, unusually . perfect — Stylish in every S
j« way— just in $2 l.OO each |$
Our New Shirt Waists— I
j The shirt waists are still coming in — they are extremely pretty i\
j{ ar,d very stylish— they come in all redand blue cloth and are -
4 tr.mmed with three rows of embroidery beading >conncctin£ ,
clusters of tucks — thsy have high, turn-down white pidue col- •' [! !
lars. which is so-nothing new — Bishop sleeves with stiff j
cuffs finish them off to perfection ....$1.50 each '
v Another waist in Persian effects, with pique cuffs and collars-*- g
i some collars soft and some stiff. On sale at $l.."5O eacli $
New Woolen Waists— 1
; Of all-wool cashmere^ — black, old lose, delft blue and cardinal are 3
"A the prominent shades — the front is tucked with stitchc-J ||
a bands forming the yoke— new sleeves— on sale at !?2.75 each i\
\ NEW RIBBONS. I
;= Ribbons cominc in faster than we can tell of their coming — warp *¦
Print ribbons in Dresden effects— ncorded taffeta ribbons to fij I
§ match ov.r wash silk— gold and silver ribbons and a new rib- £
bon for crush belts, called "liberty taffeta" — the biggest line *| '
g of new ribbons this store has ever shown. I
I
a* ¦ ft
£^rrhragr-T^ry.^*T*^tysmir>?re^
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
During This Week
We exhibit some Ysry
f Stylish effects in . . • •
H Taffeta
m sans
i \J \ price from
J( \ $15.00
$05.00.
ALSO |
New Mor Ms. :
| VE INVITE INSPECTION.
THE BLAGKGOODS HOUSE j
(R. T. KEHHEDY COMPANY), ¦ \
; 1206 Market Street. j
TELEFHOHE SOUTH 473.
LADIES' WRITING
DESKS and CHAIRS.
We show, two very highly ornamental
pieces, samples of cur large and splen-
did stock of desks and chairs in golden
pak. Chairs are upholstered in velour.
in all colors and are made of solid
quarter-sawed oak. These new de-
Msns shown norrhere else In San Fran-
cisco. ;
1HE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY. Ins. '
1017-1023 MISSION STREET
Abovs 6$. Saa Francisco. !
DR.MCNULTY.
riMUS WtetX-KNOWTT AND EKLrABLE OLD
L Specialist cure i Olncil Poison, Uonorrbcc:t,aice^
Strietar«-,ypniluiiI\Veakrirs«. Impotence and tbelf
Billed Disorders. J5ook on Diseases of Men. fr?e.
Over20T«»:ir«Vxp*r | «'7icr>.Tprnn reasonable. Hour*.
0to3flaliy:6::0to^30ev t g*.Nand»Y*.10u>12. C>nsul.
Cation freeaadsacredly confidential. Can oradctreaa
P. ROHCOR aicarULTY. 31. D.
20}; Kearay at., Kan Frouctaco. Cs?*
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.Pages 23 to 32
CIPRIAXO CASTRO. CHIEF MAGISTRATE OF THE LITTLE REPUBLIC: GENERAL HERNANDEZ, WHO IS AS
SISTING GENERAL CASTRO. THE REBEL LEADER: CARACAS, THE CAPITAL. AND THE BUILDING IN
WHICH THE PRESIDENTIAL CONVENTION .IS NOW BEING HELD.
A dozen prisoners, held in connection
with the case, will.be release^., and the
prosecution will ' center on one : man — Jo
seph -Morici.; He. it is said, is the man'
who fired the shot which killed' De Glo-
t vannl. . ; The" friends of; Morid assert he
shot In self-defense. " v ' : •-" : v. ' ¦ '; J' :¦¦-
-AH .theories, adopted by the police fell
flat and the sensational case ¦¦ simmered
down to an ordinary saloon brawl." -
.CHICAGO. Feb. 23.— Convincing, state
ments made to-day to the police concern-,
ing the murder of Salvatore deJ3iovanni
divest the affair of all tho mysterious gar
nishments Into which the story of vendettas
had been. woven. . The mystery was ¦ dis
sipated with the assistance of -Malato, a
politician and leader among the Italians.
TALES OF VENDETTA
W GO A-GLIMMEBING
professor of political economy,- Yale Uni
versity, and Henry, B." Gardner, professor
of political economy. Brown University.
CBOWE IS DEFYING
THE OMAHA POLICE
Man Wanted for Complicity in Ccd-
ahy Kidnaping in Hiding at
Bellsvue.
OMAHA. Feb. 23.— Pat Crowe is in hid
ing near Bellervue, in sight of the dome of
the Courthouse at Omaha. The much
wanted alleged kidnaper of Eddie Cudahy
is guarded and is defying the authorities'
of Omaha.
¦ Such is the statement of a prominent
police official, who admitted to-night that,
steps have been taken looking to a raid
on the place with the co-operation of tha
Sheriff. It is stated on tho same author
ity that recent knowledge has co.me to the
police establishing the whereabouts of the
alleged kidnaper to a practical certainty
and that his letter- writtento Mr. Cudahy
a week ago and* dated at South Omaha
was not very misleading as to his exact
location. ;-;•¦ XVhUStatttfli
VANDERBH/T USES HIS
CANS ON TWO "MASHERS*'
Had Accosted Mrs. Vandfrbllt and
Mrs. Whitney During. His Tem
porary Absence at Versailles.
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— A Wprld special
from Paris says: Mr. and Mrs. W. K.
Vanderbilt Jr. and Mrs. ," Harry Payne
Whitney arrived In Paris' Thursday.
Friday morning. the three took an early,
train ' and went to Versailles. While
watching the skaters on the palace lake
Mr. Vanderbilt left the two ladies for a
few minutes.
Presently they were accosted by a
couple of exceedingly swell "mashers,"
evidently Englishmen. Though vigor
ously snubbed, the men persisted, and
one;of,them caught hold of.'Mrs. Vander
bilt's elbow and offered to show her over
the grounds.
"Mr. Vanderbilt returned Just then, and
after two words of explanation began to
cane the "mashers" right and left. "
STARVING "PEASANTS
ATTACK ATJTHOBITIES
ROME, Feb. 23..-As a result of the fail":
ure of crops and the fall of snow great
misery prevails In the Apulia I district.
Thousands of persons are without shelter
or, bread. Two thousand peasants,, at
tacked .the .local authorities. 5 ' assailing
them with' stones and other missiles, 'and
troops were sent to the scene to preserve
order. Further trouble ; Is feared; ' , ¦ -ii
Mitchell's name was received with the
wildest" cheers by the vast throng which
had assembled in the galleries and the
lobby..- The first vote- after Mitchell's
name, was proposed resulted as follows:
Corbett, 36;- Mitchell, 35; scattering, 19.
There were. practically no changes un
til the twenty-fifth ballot, when members"
commenced to go to Mitchell. Before the
result was announced he received forty
six votes and was declared elected.
gretted."t ,\ '., • . '
The 'report ? is I dated '.February 20. 19D1. V
and is signed'. by. Kd win R. A.; Seligman.
professor of polltical'economy and flnanca,
Columbia^University ;' Henry JY. Farnam.
coolie immigration and municipal owner
ship, her dissatisfaction was greatly en
hanced- by those utterances.
"AVe have not deemed it. wise," the re
port says In conclusion, "to publish in full
• the letters upon which we have based ou»*
conclusions, but we stand ready to pub
lish them. If such'a'course is necessary to
'establish the truth in tha matter. /We aro
aware that, owing to.the failure of Pres
ident Jordan to Biye definite »replies;;to
all our questions; there may be important
facts with .which - we are ; unacquainted.
On the other. : hand, we, cannot but feel
that a refusal to furnish specific informa
tion in 'a ¦¦¦ case' •¦ of i-.suclT importance •' In
which it is charged that freedom of speech
is at stake^is itself a fact of significance,
whlch.'to saythe least, is much to be ra-
SALEM, Or., Feb. 24.— John.H. Mitchell
for* the fourth time was elected United
States Senator from Oregon at 12:35 a. m.
to-day, on the fifty-third ballot of the ses
sion and the twenty-fifth ballot to-night.
His election was brought about by a com
bination of Republicans and Democrats.
1 Senator Mitchell's name was not 'pro
posed until 11 o'clock, after the twentieth
ballot, when Senator Brownell placed him
in nomination. .._ ... .
Combination of Republicans and Democrats Breaks the Deadlock on the
; Closing Night of the Legislative Session. • ...
The announcement of Mtchell's election
was received by the. vast assemblage , of
people at the Capitol with, great cheering,
waving of hats and shaking of handa. Tn.j
thousands of people who -gathered in tho.
early evening remained until the final vote
was announced.
¦ Had the Legislature not elected a Sen
eCtor to-night. Orerqn would have had
but one representative. In the upper house
of Congress for the next two years.
MITCHELL IS CHOSEN TO REPRESENT
OREGON IN THE NATIONAL SENATE
BERLIN. Feb. 23.— A dispatch from
Toklo, dated February 22, says that in
view of the impending debates In the Jap
anese Parliament on the Government's
foreign policy the ministerial newspapers
vigorously repudiate the assertions of
the Russian newspapers ( that Japan is
seeking a political raprochement with
Russia. The papers ' add that Russia's
military successes in Manchuria are not
such as to frighten Japan Into Ingratiat
ing herself with Russia.
Is Sought With Czar.
AS TO JAPAN A2*D RUSSIA.
Denial That Political Rapprochement
Imperial Chinese troops . attacked fifty
Germans west of Paotlngfu on February
21. The Germans, hard pressed, fought a
rear guard action r.nd eventually drove
the Chinese back. The Germans had one
man killed and seven wounded. It Is es
timated that the Chinese lost' 200 in killed
and wounded.
Great Britain 1 Would Hold Von Wal
» dersee Expedition as a Club.
v LONDON, Feb. 23.— The Foreign Office.
though eaUsIled with what it Is pleased
SUSPICIOUS OF CHINA.
The next sixty days may see the end of
the r**cotl2.tions, bui the officials would
not be surprised if they Ehould last for
mrnths. It is therefore to the interest of
th«; administration to have in Peking a
man like Kocknlll. whose tact, experi
ence and personal desire to secure the
iKft solution of the Chinese question pos
rible promise the results the administra
tion seeks. ,
Conger has not resigned, nor has he
given any sign that he will do so. But
even should he care to return, it Is doubt
ful if the administration would be willing
to allow him. He is unfortunately filled
•w<th memories of the siege and his course
throughout the negotiations has been
toward extreme severity rather than
tx>trard strict Justice, as desired by the
president and Secretary Hay.
At the eame time the President has not
? wis-hrd to recall Conger, preferring that
he should indicate his desire to leave Pe
kixyj. Kepresentative Hull of Iowa pave
Conger the opportunity by cabling him
that he could probably have the nomina
tion for Governor from the Republicans of
tfcat State. Concer cabled in reply that
he would be willing to be a candidate,
provided tbat he did not have to enter
Into a scramble for the nomination. So
the administration has Hull to thank for
providing «• loophole for & change at Pe
king. '
Conger's return will be a relief to the
afimlniFtratlon. At times the administra
tion has been greatly concerned by his
conduct in the negotiations, and to which
The Call hiLs called attention as reasons
for his recall.
Conner's return 1» eald to be in com
pliance with his own wish. He recently
fc^nt a cablegram to Secretary Hay, ask
ing a leave of absence for sixty days, and
e<! vising that Rocklilll continue the nego
tiations. After consultation with the
President, Secretary Hay replied in the
aSlrmatU-e, and Instructions were sent to
Hockhill to taJce charge.
r-AT.T. BUREAT*. 1406 G STREET. K.
"VT.. "WASHINGTON. Feb. 23.— Edwin H.
Conger, Minister to Peking, will return
home on a leave cf absence and a strong
probability Is that he will not return to
Peking. H!s successor, for the present at
le&st. la V»\ W. Rocknlll, who was cent aa
epeeial commlEEioncr to China, and acted
as Mr. Conger's adviser throughout the
peace regotiations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
to consider the Immediate result of Count
von 'Waldersee'B action, regards the China
backdown with suspicion. The officials
here believe it would be far better for
Von Waldersee not to withdraw his
orders for the expedition and to hold it
over the heads of the Chinese until their
professed submission materializes.
Nothing except the vaguest tentative
suggestion has been received by the Brit
ish Government in regard to what Is gen
erally termed I:ere "America's new note."
A correspondent has been officially in
formed that Great Britain has not agreed
to any n»w arrangement regarding con
cessions In China, nor Is the Foreign Of
fice yet in possession of the details of
6uch a suggestion. The reiteration of the
open door policy would meet with Lord
Salisbury's approval, but any suggestion
beyond that would meet with a doubtful
reception unless he had previously se
cured Germany's assent.
POE : IMMEDIATE EXECUTION.
Chines© Court Wants Two Binglead
ers Sanded Over.
SHANGHAI. Feb. 23.— Th© latest edict
of the Chinese court expresses the desire
that Chihslen and Hsu Cheng Yu. now In
the hands of the powers, be handed over
lor immediate execution.
Native newspapers assert that LI Hung
Chang has telegraphed that the negotia
tions are at a deadlock and that he has
memorialized the throne admitting: hln in
ability to arrive at a settlement, and of
fering himself for punishment in accord
ance with Chinese custom.
The Emperor has sent to Prince Ching
and Li Hung Chang the draft of the pro
posed future court etiquette, for the ap
proval cf the Ministers of the powers.
COTJRT'S EDICT BECEIVED.
• ¦
It Compiles With. Punishments De-
xnanded by Ministers.
GERMANS FIGHT CHINESE.
LONDON, Feb. 20.— A dispatch from Pe
king, dated February 23, says: The court's
edict was received to-day and communi
cated to the Ministers. It fully complies
with 1 the punishments originally de
manded, except in the cases of Chao Shu
Chiao and Ying Nion. who are condemned
to suicide. The executions have been or
dered for February 24.- - / -
Bear Guard Action Occurs Near
Paotingf u. ,
TIENTSIN, Feb. 23.-S«Tcral biadred
the Stock Exchange-, but no confirmation
of the report could, be obtained.
Mr. Broderick, the War Secretary. «jid
Mr. Chamberlain, the Colonial Secretary,
are trying to arrange with the Canadian
Government for the establishment in Can
ada of - recruiting departments for the
British army. In order to avoid the politi
cal effect which such a step might engen
der in the Dominion, it has been sug
gested that a new Canadian "regiment' be
established. The negotiations- b&tween
the Earl of Mlhto, the Governor General
of Canada, and Sir Wilfrid Laurler, the
Canadian Premier, and the officials In
London are still in progress, without defi
nite result. Thanks to the excellent rec
ord of the Canadian regiments in South
Africa, it is considered they constitute an
: v element very necessary In the British
army.'sniJ while the needs . of ' the local
Canadian forces are not being overlooked,
it is hoped that a permanent supply of
Canadians for waging 'Great Britain's
wars will eventually be secured.
Most of the members of. the Strathcona
Horse, which arrived here from South Af-
LONDON, Feb. 24.-The "Weekly Dis
patch says It Is informed on good author
ity that summonses for. a Cabinet meet
ing were Issued yesterday to consider Im
portant military matters. The dispatch
says It transpires that' General Kitchener
has informed the. Government that Gen
eral Botha, the Boer commander-in-chlef,
had sent an emissary to see him (Kitch
ener). Botha admitted he had been out
maneuvered by the British and asked for
a meeting with the British commander-in
chlef with a view of arranging for a gen
eral surrender of the Boers. After wiring
home for Instructions respecting the
terms of surrender, Kitchener fixed Feb
ruary 27 as the date for the meeting with
the Boer commander.
The Dispatch also states it learns that
as a result .of communications between
the British and European governments,
the Trench, Russian and German prison
ers at' St. Helena who fought with the
Boers will be released and conveyed home
at the expense of their governments.
The rumor that General Dewet had been
captured was put in circulation again on
i ¦ ¦ * ,
It Is Reported That General Botha Has Asked for a Meeting With- Lord
Kitehener to Arrange for a Surrender. ' •" .
rlca last week, left London early to-day
and later embarked at Liverpool upon tha
British steamer NumldlanTfor their home
ward Journey. . The trooper* were escorted
to the station by a band of pipers of tha
Scots Guards. . The large crowds which,
witnessed their departure and the rousing
cheers which followed them showed tha
popularity of the Canadians. Tha color
presented by the King was carried by a
subaltern. Lord Strathcona. and Mount
Royal, the Duka of Abercorn and many
other distinguished people were present
at the station "to bid the troopers fare
well. About 10O of tha Canadian* wGl re
main In London for the transactions o£
private business.
The Lord Mayor of Liverpool enter
tained the troopers at tha Town Hall wltlx
a reception and luncheon.
The Lord Mayor of .Liverpool In -wel
coming tho members of Strata cor. a" s
Horse tendered them the heartiest thanks
of the city of -Liverpool- for the services
rendered to the empire and complimented
them. Colonel Steel replied. The Nnmtd
lan sailed amid great cheers for the Ca-.
nadians.
BRITISH CABINET MEETING GALLED
TO ARRANGE TERMS WITH THE BOERS
will serve to confirm among Americans
the conviction that all valuable titles an
as safe before the Government and tri
bunals of Venezuela as they arc in tills
country. In his reply General Ayala says
in part:
"This decision and all others of this
Government have bren Inspired only by
a desire for justice- which the supreme
chief of the republic and those who have
the honor of being associated with him
In the administrative work wish to see
done toward foreign interests. Venezu
ela guarantees full protection to all for
eign interests, rights and privileges."
This Is a Great Relief to the Administration, Which Expects Commissioner
Roekhill to Strictly Carry Out Instructions.
MINISTER CONGER TO RETURN HOME
FROM PEKING ON LEAVE OF ABSENCE
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— A cable dis
patch to E. Gonzales Estevus,
the Venezuelan Consul General
here. from. Caracas, announces
the gathering of a convention.
Its object is to name a candidate for the
Presidency of the republic The election
•will be held next month, and the prob
abilities axe that General Ciprlano, now
eervlr.jy crjt the unexpired term of ex-
Prtsldert Andrade, will be the only can
didate for the office.
The dispatch also says that the country
Is culet. It Js known, however, that ccr-
tain districts are In possession of insur
gents.
In a recent Issue of La Restauraclon
Liberal, a semi-official organ of Ca
racas, there appears an exchange
of correspondence between Warner
& Quinlan ' of Syracuse and Gen
eral Ramon Ayala. Minister of In
dustries, in regard to an asphalt jnlne
in Venezuela. Warner & Quinlan thank
General Ayala for confirming their title
to the mine La Felicidad. which they pur
chased after Drs. Michelena and Culuaga
had assured them that the title was valid,
and express the opinion that the decision
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— It is said
that Devery's appointment as
Deputy Chief of Police was the
result of a compromise. Lewis
Nixon and tho leaders behind the
committee of five were for Colonel Mur
phy. They cabled, and wrote to Croker
and the. "old man""cabled to Carroll tha
word "Murphy," This was. ten days ago.
Tlie appointment : was offered to- Murphy
then by the Mayor and Murphy accepted
it.* but he said he wanted to appoint as
Senator Platt, Governor Odell and
Chairman Dunn of the Republican State
Committee met In conference this 'after
noon at the Fifth- Avenue Hotel. The
conference was held with but one objecr
in vie v.'— the smashing of Devery and his
his first deputy ex-Chief bt Police Thomas
Byrnes. This was too. much/for the gang
and there was more cabling.- The gang
won. too. Croker cabled back the word
"Devery." That settled it. Colonel Mur
phy took Devery.
ousting from the police force cf this city.
Senator Platt spoke emphatically and an
grily.
"I want the State constabulary bin
passed." he said.
Governor Odell, ¦while not ¦wishing to run
counter to. the Senator's Ideas, yet argue*!
that to force the constabulary bill through
at this time would-be Inexpedient. If not
political suicide. .- > ¦ • «* .-
Senator ; Plan's determination, to force
the constabulary bill through did much
toward silencing tho other members of
the conference.
COLONEL MURPHY HAS BEEN APPOINTED COMMISSIONER AND CHIEF OF POLICE OF THE CITY OF NEW
. YORK. UNDER THE NEW LAW PROVIDING FOR A SINGLE-HEADED POLICE COMMISSION. CHIEF DEV
ERY BECOMES FIRST DEPUTY COMMISSIONER.
IGoyernpr ©dell -and Leading Republicans of the State, How
ever^ Are Determined to Oust the Obnoxious Chief,
U - >< and, if Possible, Purify the Force of the "Finest."
•'5. Concerning the point that Professor
Ross gave occasion; for his: dismissal .by
remarks derogatory to Senator Stanford,
your committee finds that Professor Ross
denied all such chanres.^and In a letter
of November 16. two days after the dis
missal of Professor Ross. President Jor
dan said lni reference' to these charges:
'I never heard anything of the sort be
fore.' ,' '" . • .....¦::
"6. There Is no. evidence to show that
in 1 the* opinion of-. the president of the uni
versity. Professor, Boss In his utterances
on the silver question, on coolie, immigra
tion or ' on municipal \ ownership, over
stepped: the limits of propriety. r On !the
contrary. President ., Jordan stated, in
May, 1900. that his; remarks on coolie Im
migration were .in . acqord with the drtf t
of public sentiment, on those subjects and
that even on. the sllvar Question he never
stepped outside of the recognized rights
of a professor.' . . '..;'¦
"7, There is evidence to show: (a) That
Mrs. * Stanford's | objections to Professor
Ross were due, in part at all events.'to his
former attitude on the sliver question and
to ; his utterances 5 on < coolie immigration
and on municipal ownership, and (b) that
while the 1 dissatisf action" of ; Mrs.'. Stanford
due < to his former attitude on the r silver
question antedated I his utterances .-1 on
¦ "4. There is no evidence to show that In
his published statement of November 11
Professor Rosa violated any. confidence
reposed in him. .On the contrary. In' a
letter of December .21. President Jordan
stated: 'I wish; after conversation with
Dr. Ros3, to withdraw anything I may
have said, Implying that he had knowingly
used confidential material, or In any other
way violated personal proprieties In raafc
nig his statement.' ; '
"3. There 13 no evidence that Professor
Ross gave cause for his dismissal beoause
of any unfaithfulness m the discharge of
his duties. On the contrary, President
Jordan stated, in a letter of May, 190!),
that 'he. has been most loyal, accepting
extra work and all, kinds of • embarrass
ments a word of complaint,' and
that he was 'a wise, learned and noblij
man, one of the, most loyal and devoted
of all the band at the university."
"2. There is no evidence to show that
Professor Ross cave occasion for his dis
missal by Incompetence. On the contrary.
President Jordan stated in a letter of
May, 1900, that he (Ross) 'v/as a careful
thinker j and a patient investigator,', 'a
constant source of strength to the univer
sity,' and 'one of the best, teachers, al
ways just, moderate and fair.'
"L There is no evidence to show that.
Professor Ross gave occasion for his dis
missal by any defect In moral character.
On the contrary. President Jordan states
in his letter of Februaxv 7 to the commit
tee: 'No ground exists for any interpreta
tion of his dismissal acting on his private
character.' S '
"2. It has been asserted or suggested
that Professor Ross l^ad made statements
before his classes reflecting: upon the late
Senator Stanford: that ht had shown him
self selfish and lacking in loyalty to the
university; that he was erratic and fre
quently overstepped the bounds of acad
emic propriety in the manner of giving
expression to his opinions: that his pub
lication of November 11 was a violation of
confidence and that there are facts which,
if disclosed, would reflect upon his per
sonal character." \ .
Answering these reasons the report
says:
"1. Dissatisfaction on the part of Mrs.
Stanford with Professor Ross' expressions
of opjnion on questions of economic policy,
notably in regard to the free coinage of
silver In the campaign of 1S96, and more
recently in regard to coolie . emigration
and municipal monopolies.
"The question," Bays the report, "in re
gard to which we. have .been Cc-illed upon
to express an opinion Isf What were the
reasons which led Mrs. Stanford* to force
Piofessor Ross' resignation? 5 Two classes
of reasons' have been alleged:'
On November 5, the report goes on to
state. Professor Ross authorized tW pub
lishment In the n$wppapers of a statement
setting 1 forth the causes of his resignation
and- its acceptance, attributing, it to the
dissatisfaction felt by Mrs. Stanford with
his expressions of opinion on questions of
public policy, particularly coolie immigra
tion and municipal ownership^ On the fol
lowing day President Jcyda* wrote^ to
Professor VRossj stating ih> view" of
his published 'statement yitwai; desirable
that his connection with the university
should terminate immediately. . ' .. .
"It is customary for professors of the
Leland Stanford Jr. University to be re
appolnted early in May. Professor Ross
was, however, reappointed on June 2. On
June 5 he handed to President Jordan his
resignation, to take effect at the close of
the year 1900-01, in which he says that
he was sorry to learn from President Jor
dan that Mrs. Stanford did not approve of
him. Ross, as an economist. The resigna
tion, was not acted upon until November
5, when It was accepted by President Jor
dan, who expressed his high esteem, for
the work of Professor Ross as, a student
and teacher." .
When Professor Ross severed his con
nection with the Leland Stanford Jr. Uni
versity in November last his action and
the causes thereof were subjects of wide
comment. Professors Seligman, Farnam
and Gardner espoused the cause of Pro
fessor Ross and began an Investigation of
the matter. After correspondence with
the officers of the University and an ex
aminatlon of the case in detail the com
mittee prepared the report, which was
made public to-day. The report says:
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— Edwin R. A.
Seligman, Ph. D., professor of political
economy and finance In Columbia Uni
versity, gave out to-day the report of the
committee of economists on the dismissal
of Professor Ross from Loland Stanford
Jr. University. The other members of
the committee, besides Professor Sellg
man, are Henry W. Farnam, professor of
political economy, Yale University, and
Henry B. Gardner, professor of political
economy. Brown University. .
Committee of Instructors on
Political Economy Fa
yor: Professor.
Sharp Report on His
. Dismissal From
•Stanford. ;:
ROSS' STAND
IS UPHELD BY
INVESTIGATORS
CROKER DICTATES APPOINTMENT
OF MURPHY AND DEVERY ON NEW
YORK'S NEW POLICE COMMISSION
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1901.
Convention Assembles to Name Candidate for President.
Protection for All the Foreign Interests Is Promised
by General Ramon Ayala, the Minister of Industries
VENEZUELA OFFICIALLY REPORTED
QUIET, BUT IT IS KNOWN THAT
REBELS CONTROL SOME DISTRICTS
Pages 23 to 32INTERNATIONAL TKAP SHOOT.
Another amendment, however, makes
the clause about scholarship more strin
gent. In order to compete in the games
those classified as "special students." if
in their first year at college, must have
passed «an entrance equipment equivalent
to that Vequired of students in the regu
lar course. Still another requires that if
a student has competed in the games one
year and then enters another institution
he cannot enter again until after a full
calendar year has elapsed.
Seven institutions were admitted as
members of the association. The Univer
sity of California wasNdropped from the
roll for non-payment ofv.dues. with per
mission to secure reinstatement within
thre« weeks. E. A. Meachlln, University
of Pennsylvania, was elected president.
The constitution was amended In sev
eral important particulars. It was de
cided that the faculty committee which
passed upon the eligibility of candidates
for athletic honors should have its juris
diction confined merely to the question of
candidates' scholastic standing.
It was decided that the annual games
of the association should be held In .New
York acrain this year on the last Friday
and Saturday in May. *
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— The annual con
vention of the Intercollegiate Association
of Amateur Athletes of America was held
to-day, with forty delegates present, rep
resenting over a dozen colleges and uni
versities.
tion of the Association.
Important Amendments in Constitu-
COLLEGE ATHLETES MEET.
By F. E. Mulholland.
JUST like a good politician. Book
maker Caesar Young's bay horse
Sea Lion proved himself a good
"repeater" at Oakland track yes-
terday. Only the day before he
captured the George Washington handi
cap, and with a night of refreshing sleep
came out and won the $2000 Palace Hotel
•handicap, beating, among others. Favo
nius, Bangor and Formero. The distance
was one mile and a furlong, and the
Burns & Waterhouse pair, Favonius and
Bangor coupled, were pronounced favor
ites In the ring. Again ridden by E.
Matthews and carrying but 96 pounds,
Sea Lion was as good as 7 to 1 at one
stage of the play. Favonius shouldered
322" pounds, and on class figured to do the
trick cleverly, still he looKtd beaten be
fore a mile had been covered. Formero
and Bathos did a stunt out in front for
seven furlongs, then gracefully made way
for better piayers. just about the time
Johnny Bullman • made his move with
Favonius Matthews on Sea Lion did the
same. Favonius cracked like a' piece of
crockery falling from Mars when the test
came, and Sea Lion won by four open
lengths In 1:57^. After sulking almost
from flagfall, crafty Bangor moved along
at doubie-qulck time the final furlong,
landing the small end of the prise lor his
stable.
When the uncertainties of the weather
are taken into consideration, added to
the uncertain prospect of picking winners
tramping throivgh slop and slush, the at
tendance was good. The form chart will
readily indicate that upsets were numer
ous, for St. Rica alone saved the favorites
from a coat of whitewash. .
For an appetizer, Tristrain. a colt from
the Shulte stable, backed from 20 to 12,
left his field behind In the opening sprint.
Played before for a "killing." he never
showed, but had speed to ignite yester
day. Howell throw the throttle wide open
from the start and the outsider pulled
Into the depot four car lengths before El.
Karn and Billy Lyons. El Karn closed
a 11 to 5 favorite. r
In previous races in the mud St. Rtca
had been a disappointment, and for that
reason alone 2 to 1 was laid about the
gelding in the betting on the second event.
Now he is a confirmed web-footer, for
Dominick sent him out in the lead and In
a mild drive beat Foul Play a length.
Mounce on La Mascntta finished third.
The Burns & Watcrhouse tllly, Rosewar,
oid not cut much of a figure in the two
year-old scramble. She had a steady fol
lowing that backed her at 6 to 5 and ran
unplaced. When Zlrl. piloted by Bullman,
looked all over a winner the daughter of
Imp. Sain flattened out under the too
warm, pace set. allowing Dr. Scharff to
score at the home plate by half a length.
Louwclsea dropped into the show.
Ttansch, who rode Dunfree in the mile
selling affair, finally mustered up courage
enough to take his mount out in the lead
and won. The smart ones spread their
checks about on Rey del Bandidos, which
wornout piece of hardware refused to ex
tend himself. Dunirt-e experienced very
little tempestuous weather and outsprim
ing Morlnga downed that horse at the
wire by a length. From 2 the price against
the winner wont to 13 to 5.
Only Good Hope. Frank Bell. Tame
Irishman, Prestidigitator and Scallywag
answered roll call for the final number,
the Peralta handicap at six furlongs..
Good Hope occupied the honors of favor
itism in the betting and when leading at
the paddock was passed on the inside by
Prestidigitator and led out two lengths.
Frank Bell carried his 124 pounds as far
as he could out in front and then had to
accept third place. Little Hoar rode the
winner like a veteran and will some day
become a rider.
AT TANFORAN TRACK
By Louis Honig.
A DRIZZLING fog, a wet, sloppy,
mushy, miry, boggy, track and a
happy lot of "bookies" made Tan
foran an uncomfortable place for
the racegoers yesterday after
noon. The proverb that anything goes on
a muddy track held true yesterday. Many
things went at Tantoran, particularly th,e
favorites, which, with the exception of
two races, played star glimmering acts
in the background. Waring also went,
but In a different way. He went so fast
that all the others In the $2500 San Mateo
handicap spemed not to go at all.
Again the choices were toppled over and
stamped upon. Skip Me hopped over the
Held and landed at 10 to 1. Topmast rat
tled along in the breeze at S to 1, O'Connor
piloting both the3e winners. Periwig won
the jumps at long odds and last of all
came Bogus Bill, as good as 20 to 1.
Waring captured the San Mateo handi
cap, J-500 added, without much apparent
effort. Socn after the start Henry took
Hildreth's big purse winner through the
field to the rail and went out far In ad-
Vance of all the other mud-slingers.
Bunched together and riding on a line
splashed Imperious, Wyoming and An
disa. Autumn and Lavator far In the
wake. The race was only for the place.
Waring holding an unapproachable posi
tion all the time. Andrisa and Wyoming
began to light it out at the paddock, but
Imperious, ninety-six pounds, was not
counted on. Then came the finish and
Imperious spurted. There was nothing
to the race but Waring, then Imperious.
Wyoming and Andrisa fought for the
show, the former getting the money.
Waring went to the post at 4 to 5. but
Imperious, who got the place, was selling
as high as 50 to 1. Andrisa was the sec
ond choice in the betting.
The way Skip Me plowed through the
mud And hopped over the small lakes in
the track and beat out Invlctus, an even
money favorite, in the ilrst race, startled
the crowd. O'Connor got his horse into
the lead on the back stretch when Gaylon
Brown was passed. Then Mamie Hil
dreth and Birdie Stone moved up, but
Skip Me, 15 to 1, would not be headed.
Mamie Hildreth, IS to 1, got the place,
fighting it out with Birdie Stone.
O'Connor scored a second victory in the
second race over the mile route on
Topmast. When the prices were first
posted Topmast was quoted at 8 to 1, but
soon became 6 to 1. Alee, tho favorite,
led until the stretch. Donator, with
Burns up, was close in line. Topmast, with
furled sails, coming third. O'Connor then
threw the canvas to the breeze and, Top
mast blew in.
Periwig led all the full mile and three
quarters in the hurdle race. JO C and
Choteau had a driving race for place and
show. Veragua fell out early in the game
and The Californlan was pulled up.
The six furlongs in the fifth race was
run in a drizzling rain and was won by
Thracla. Cerro Santa was worked out
on the turn, Thornwild and The Gaffer
coming up from the stretch. O'Connor on
the favorite . rode a good race, finishing
strongly and winning easily.
The last race, a seven and a half fur
long course, showed another long 1 shot
under the wire ahead of the favorite.
Bogus Bill, who has been running better
than form, beat . Handicapper out in the
stretch. Dr.. Cave set the pace and was
done for when the, finish came. • Handi
capper got the place. Dr. Cave tho show.
Bcgus BUI was as good as 20 to 1.
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 23.-Results:V ? v;;
I Mile— Lady Mother won.' Assessment second,"
Albert II third..,; Tijne.' 1:52%.
Half mile — Lou Woods won, -Tambourine n
second, Marie, Bell third. Time, :S2\. . ' •'
Mile— Kewer won, Zolo second, Cogswell third.
Time. 1:49%.
Six furlongs, . speed handicap — Jo« Martin
won. Bummer second, Andes third. ¦ Time,
l:17U. ..-• ' : ¦ '< ¦¦
Mile and seven f urlon»»— Sir Fitzhugh won,
Bert Davis second, Banquo II. third. Time,
3:351,4. .?..' ; . -- . ,:-.¦• '.'.;.
Six furlongs— General Magruder won. Braw
Lad second, Doustenwivel 1 third. Time.- 1:19. •
Seven furlongs — Two - Annies : won, Sam
Lazarus «ecdnd, Lorter third. Time, 1:36.
AT OAKLAND TRACK
WALTER FAIRBANKS WINS.
fornia Golf Experts.
Colorado Han Defeats Southern Cali-
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 23.— A little gray
man from' Colorado, but sturdy as a
blacksmith, snatched the premier honors
from Southern California's golf experts
In the amateur championship contest
which has been in progress at the Los
Angeles Country Club's links for tho
past three days. "Walter Fairbanks of
Denver yesterday defeated C. E. Orr, the
former champion, and in the finals to-day
vanquished C. E. Maud, the Riverside
crack, by 5 up and 4 to play in a 38-hol©
match. The links were in bad condition,
the grass and small weeds since the
heavv rains having got beyond the green
keeper's control. There were twenty-two
entries for this event, and the following
qua lllle.d at 36 holes, medal play;
C. E. Maud, 135: H. H. Sears of New York,
19G; W. Walton of Los Angeles, 197; W". Fred
erickson of Los Amteles. 139; C. K. Orr of
Pasadena 201: AV. Fairbanks of Denver, 201;
W. K. Jewett of Colorado SprinRs, 21)6; J. E.
Cook of Los Anjreles. 205.
Mrs. Jean TV. Bowers of the Los An
geles Country Club retained the woman's
championship for another year by de
feating: Mrs. F. H. Seymour of the City
of Mexico after a hard game by 4 up and
3 to play.
Financial Difficulties Beset Puget
IN A RECEIVER'S HANDS.
Sound Packing Company.
NEW WH"ATCOM. Wash., Feb. 23—Ap
plication was made to the Superior Court
this afternoon by the First National Bank
of Seattle for the appointment of a re
ceiver for the Puget Sound Packing Com
pany. Henry Newton was appointed
temporary receiver and March 7 named as
the time for the defendants to appear and
show cause why the receivership should
not be made permanent. B. A. Seaborg
and H. O. Hanthorn are also made de
fendants.
The Puget Sound Packing Company at
different times gave its notes for sums to
the amount of $105.<XX) to B. A. Seaborg
and H. O. Hanthorn, and they assigned
the notes to the First National Bank of
Seattle. The liabilities of the company are
named at SIM.O'H) and assets at Sio.OOO. Mr.
Newton was required to give a bond of
110.000.
NEW X.ODGE OF ELKS
INSTITUTED AT ET7KEKA
Steamship Pomona Conveys a Larga
Delegation of Lodgemen From
San Francisco.
EUREKA: Feb. 2C.— In addition to her
regular passengers, the steamship Po
mona to-day brought a large contingent
of grand officers and members of the or
der of Elks to institute a lodse In Eurek-u
The incoming Elks were heartily wel
comed by the candidates for Initiation and
were escorted to Odd Fellows' Hall, where
tho ceremonies were held this evening.
The arriving delegation included the fol
lowing grand officers: Exalted Ruler T..
¦ F. Bonnet. Leading 1 Knisrht Thomas E.
I Dunne, Ix>yal Knight Harry Curzon, Leo-
I turins Knierht Phillip Fay, Esouire Dr.
Sieberst, Inner Guard John FitzgeraM
and Tyler John Broden, all of San Ftan
! cisco Lode**.
1 Others cf the visiting Elks were Dr. E.
M. Short, R. Lloyd, A. J. Carmany. H. S.
Manning. K. "Watson, J. b. Kelley, J. A.
Ij'lrich. JudFT*? I.awlor, T. J. McCann, J.
Martin. N. Jacobs. R. E. Kay, J. O'Brien.
W. Ogilvle. C S. Wheeler, II. JL "Wreden,
W. J. Jones, F. Sims. H. F. Sills, II.
Stahl. H. J. Aden, C. Palm and U\ H.
Marstcn.
The^ town was gorgeously decorated in
j honor of the stranjera. Streamers and
strings of evergreen were stretched across
the principal streets and the pavilion
whrre the banquet wab held was a bower
j of beauty.
The lodg<» instituted to-night consists oT
I 157 of the representative men of Humbold?
County, the membership being made up of
citizens of Eureka., Arcata, rerndale and
IFortuna.
To-morrow afternoon the local Ktk.i
will cive their visitors an excursion lnt.->
! the redwoods, returnin" In time to catch
! the Pomona outgoing.
TRAFFIC AGENTS FORM
A COAST ASSOCIATION
Steps Taken to Entertain the Na
tional Body on Its Visit to
California.
ASHLAND. Or., Feb. 23.-At a meeting
of the Pacific Coast passenger and freight
agents here to-day, with forty representa
tives In attendance from Portland. San
Francisco nnd other coast points, organi
zation of the Pacific Coast Association of
the Traffic Association was effected and
the following officers were elected: M. J.
Roche. Portland, president: Percy L. Sin
clair, Seattle, vice president: B. H. Tnim
bull, Portland, .secretary-treasurer. Tha
following committees were appointed:
Constitution and by-laws— T. P. Fitzger
ald. Los Ansseles; Ross Cllne. Los An
geles; M. J. Roche, Portland.
Membership— Charles A. Thurston, Phil
adelphia: Gorman. Malone and Joyce, San
Francisco; V. B. Duffy and A. B. C Den
niston. Portland.
Stops were taken to provide for the en
tertainment of tho national association,
which is to meet this year at Los An
peles in November. It is proposed to have
Kastorn delegates to the association come
"West via northern routes, passing through
Washington. Oregon and California to
Los Angeles.
CYCLONE SWEEPS
OVER MATJBITrrjS
Eritish Ship Kaiser H Goes to Pieces
and. Twenty-five Men Am
Dro^vtmed.
MARSEILLES. Peb. K.-SpecJal corre
spondence received here by the British
steamer Oxus announces that a cyclon*
swept over the islands of Mauritius and
Reuncien January 12 and 13, doing 1 great
damape. The British steamer KaJ3er II
from Rancnon vent to pieces off the coast
of Reuncien and twenty-five of the ship's
1 company were. drowned.
COAST BREVITIES.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. £3.— The steamer Nome
Oty. Trttii 300 Eastern excursionists, arrived
from San Pedro Fhortly before midnicht.
PAN DIEGO. Feb. 13.— The United State*
tralnlr.s: rhip Adams sailed from this port at
T)<v>n to-day and will ca'l at Kan Pedro and
eanta Barbara on her Tray to San Francisco.
Hastings Law School Debaters Hake
REXO, Nev., Feb. 23.— The debating 1
team of the Hastings Law School of San
Frajids'co came to Reno on a wild-sroose
chase to-day. Through a misunderstand
ing:, they believed thair debate with the
University of Nevada team was scheduled
for to-nirht, whereas next Friday is tho
date fixed. The University of Nevada
chose its team last night. The Hastines
debaters probably will return to San
Francisco to await th<* date set. They
ere being royally entertained by Reno
people, which in a measure repays them
for their trij>.
a Fruitless Trip to Reno.
MIXED IN THEIR DATES.
"Mike" collected his $505. and moving
qiilcklv around to where the funny
"bookfe" was standing disconsolately,
said as he slid the gleaming double eagles
through his palms:
"Say. mister, I think I'll frame these
for you. You can frame the ticket your
self.". ;•-
"Say. why don't you. get back at that
bookmaker for 'joshing' you when you
placed your bet?"
"Begorry, I think I will," said the lucky
winner.
"Thank you kindly for the informa
tion," said the Irishman, who proceeded
forthwith to place a bet of five dollars
on Dolore. The bookie, thinking that he
had a "green" one to deal with, said, sar
castically, as he handed out the ticket
calling lor J500 to $5:
"Say, just frame that. It will make a
pretty picture."
The Irishman said not a word, but.wait
ed patiently until the race was over.
When Dolor© was hung up aa winner he
was the first one In line to; cash his
ticket. Hiester came next, and said to
him:
"Why, certainly," replied Hiester.
"There is only one horse 'to It,' and
that's Dolore. Put all your money on
him." •
"Say, me friend," said the Irishman,
"could you tell me what horse Is likely
to win this race?"
A gcod story is going the rounds, with
one of the Tanforan bookmakers and a
son of the Emerald Isle as the dramatis
pcrsonae. It was just before the race
which Dolore won at 100 to 1 on "Washing
ton's birthday. When the said son of
Erin quietly approached "Billy" Hiester
the latter was coming away from one of
the books, having deposited three dollars
on Dolore, which, with twelve others sim
ilarly placed, were destined to win for
him the sum of $1500.
DOLORE BLADE SOME
HAPPY, OTHERS SAD
Time — 1 4. :23; Vj. :50; »i, l:16'i. Oood start.
Won cleverly. Second and third driving. Win
ner, William Cahill'R b. g. by Russell-Active.
"Presty" pot through on the rail. Good Hope
did her best. Bell tired under the weight.
Scallywag: pocketed first part. Scratched—
Yellowtall 117, Sly 124, Gibraltar 112.
Betting— Prestidigitator, 9-2; Good Hope, 4-5;
Frank Bell, 3; Scallywag, 5; Tame Irlsh
uiar., 10.
1929. SLXTH RACE— Six furlongs; Peralta
handicap; three-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. Kin.
1901 Prestldigtr, 4, .100. .Hoar 5 6 3 3 12
VAX G. Hope, 5, lOO.Domlnk 4 4 n In 2 5
1888 F. Bell, 6, i24...Howell 2 lh 2^33
(1SS^) Scallywag, 3, 106. Mounce 13 1 4 4 4 4
1892. T. Irishman. 4, 107. Weir 3 2 h 5 5
Betting — Pea Lion, 5; Favonius, 1; Bangor,
coupled with Favonlu"*; Formero, 7; Rio Stian
non, 40; Bathos, 16-5; Lena., 7.
1028. FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth
miles; Palace Hotel handicap; three-year-olds
and up; purse, $2000.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. H- Sti. Fin.
USlojS'ea Lion. 6. 96.Matthevrs 6 8 2 11 14
I8O0 Favonlus, 5. 122.Bullman 2 4 1 3^ n 2 M
1855 Bangor, a, 102. ..Mounce 4 7 6 3 3 h
1727 Formero, 5, 107..Frawley 7 1 H 2 n '4 h
1S66 R. Shannon. 4, 93. .Kelly 3 5 5 5 1 5 4
1S92 Bathos, 4, 100.. Domi nick 12 3 4 >4 6 8
ISol Lena, a, 93 Materne 3 ,6 10 7 7
Time— 4. 13; **. :39; H. 1:04%: %, UZVi; m.
l:44»i; l^m, l:57Vi- i.ood start.. Won cleverly.
Second and third driving. Winner, Caesar
Younsj's b. h. by imp. Deceiver-Sea View.
Sea Lion had Favonius straight at stretch
turn. Bangor sulked first part. Formero
pave it up. Too far for Bathos. Lena ran
badly. Scratched— Imp. Broadbrim 93, llandl
capper 104, Prejudice 105.
1»27. FOrRTH RACE— One mile; gelling;
three-year-olds and up; purse. $409.
In<>x. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. '4. Str. Fin.
]«?1 Dunfree, 3. 9X Ransoh 4 2 5 11 11
1?'>j Morliwra. 6. ]<)l..\Valnwt 5 1 H 2 2 2 1
1S7S Archibald, 3. 96..Mathws 1 3<i 3 2 3 n
1901 Ostl«r Joe, a,' U3.Domnk 7 5^45 46
1827 TJandldos. a. 112.Bullmn 6 6 1 5 1 5 2
(lMO)Dr. Marks, 6. HO.Basngr 14 1 6 4 6 6
1SSS Barney F, 4, 102.. Stuart 2 7 7 7
Time— 1;. :25Vi: :51; %, 1:18; mile. 1:46V*.
Perfect start. \Von cleverly. Second and third
driving. \\ Inner. Burns & Waterhouse'a b. r.
by imp. Duncombe-Free Love. Dunfree well
ridden. Morlnga showed improvement. Ostler
.Toe wants very strong riding. Bendidos has
bad legs.
Betting— Dunfree, 13-5; Moringa, 15; Phil
Archibald. 8: Ostler Joe, 3: Rey del Bandldoa,
2; Dr. Marks, 30; Barney F, 30.
.... B. ; Moon, 108....Brodlen 9 9 9 9
Tin-.e— < 4 , :24«: '~. :50V;. Good start. Won
first thrr-b driving. Wlnnrr. J. W. O'Neal &
Co.'s ch. c. by Donald A-Missouri. Hustled
hard from the jump, ZIrl tired the last six
teenth. Myriad Dancer a likely looking colt.
Rose-svar quit. Carlo is fast. Scrntchefi—Win
nabell 105.
Betting— Dr. Scharff. 4; Zirl. 11-a; Louwel
pea, 8; Jarretierre d'Or, 20; Myriad Dancer,
40; Ropewar, 7-5; Lento, ,30; Carlo, 40; Bright
Moon, 50.
M. I>ancer, iOS Kelly 6 6 5 6 3 5 1
(lS33)Rosewar, 115 Shields 4 3 4 5!j 6 8
1S41 Lento, IOS GreeneS 8 6 7 2 7 5
157S Carlo. 10S Tami.lin 7 7 1 8 6 8 12
i;»2«J. THIRD RACE -Four furlongs; two
year-olds; purse, f 4CO.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. *;. Str. Fin.
(lS65)Dr. echarff. 118.. Mounce 2 2 3 2 2 1 'i
(MU)Klrl, 115 Bullman 1 13 13 2 5
<IS77)Louwelsra. Ho.Dominick 3 4 «i 3 1 3 2
JS:.3 Jarrot're d'Or, IOo.I.orup R 5 1 4 1 4 3
11>^5. SECOND RACE-Futurity course; Fell
ing; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horte. Wt. Jockey. St. Vi. Str. Fin.
JS42 St. Uica. 3, 103.. Dominic 8 3 3 In 11
18iJ I'oul Play, 4, 112. Uullm 3 2 >i 2 »4 2 3
1SSS L. Marcotta, a, HS.Mnee 5 6 5 4 >* 3 1
1S53 D. Know, a, HS.DIngley 15 2 5 4 4 1
1445 Mldlove, 5, lltS.Fauntlry 4 1 n 3 4 5 8
1S.-.4 Looram. a, IIS Hoar 6 4% 6 10 6 1
18*4 Mainstay, a, 121..Howell 7 7 7 7
Time— To Vi. -2; to \i, :47; last tf, 1:04%:
short .•%. 1:11',. Gooil start. Won cleverly.
Sf-cond and third driving. Winner. Atkin &
Lottridge's b. g. by Imp. Bt. Andrpw-Hicardo.
St. Rica finally became acclimated and can
run in the mud. Tco much weight on Mas
cotta. Midlove outgamed. Looram wants
strong riding.
Betting— St. Rica, 2: Foul Piny, 6; La Jlas
cott.-v 7-2; I Don't Know, 25; Midlove, 7-2;
Looram, 5; Mainstay, 20.
Time— U. :25W; »i. :51; &, l:lS"i Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner. W. V. Schulte's ch. c. by King L.ee-Fe
dalma. Tristrain had all the speed. El Karn
n. slow bepinner. Whangdoodle a bad one.
Betting— Tristrain, Vt\ El Karn, 11-5; Billy
Lyons. 12; Rathgar. 10; Litmus, 9; Edith U,
7-2; Wranedoodle, 7-2.
.. Whangdoodle. 109..Domk 7 7
Feb. 23, 1901.— Cloudy. Track sloppy.
1021. FIRfiT RACE-Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. Vi. Str. Fin.
13C0 Trlstrain, 112.....Howell 1 16 15 14
3912 El Kara, 109....... Kelly 4 3 n 3 3 2 »i
1&76 Billy Lyons, 119.... Ruiz 3 2n 2 1 3 1U
1S78 Rathgar, il!t Shields a 5 2 4 6 4 1
1879 Utmus. 119 Mounce 2 4 1 5 0 0 10
.... Kdith O, 112....Bullman 6 6 15 6 12 6 5
OAKLAND KACETEACK-Saturday,
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
Cup Races Abandoned.
BERLIN, Feb. 23.— Emperor 'William
has Informed the Heligoland committee
that in consequence of the death of Queen
Victoria the race for the cup will not
be sailed this year.
fourth annual .midwinter shooting tour
nament closed here to-day with the Hot
Springs handicap at twenty-five live
birds. Fred Gilbert was the only one of
the twenty-six contestants who faced the
traps that finished with a clean score of
twenty-five. Klmball of Omaha was sec
ond with twenty-three. . Gilbert's score
was all the more creditable because of
the fact that he was scratch man at
twenty-two yards rise.
Gilbert Makes Good Score.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark., Feb. 23.— The
T023. SIXTH RACE— Seven and a half fur
longs; four-year-olds and up; purse, 1400.
Irdex. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. Vx. Str. Fin.
UM4)Bogus Bill, 4, 104.Murph 2 3 3 3 3 12
(ISWrdcanper. 4, 100.0'Conn 3 2 4 2 2 2 3
1908 Dr. Cave. 4, 1O7.Weddsd 4 12 12 3 1
1S71 Osmond. 5. 107 Daly 1 4 h 6 4 H
(3S99)MacGyIe, 4, 108. ..Henry 5 5 4 «i 5
Time— 3-16. :20; 7-lfi, :H»i; 11-16, 1:12; "Uf.
l-40Vj. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third" driving. Winner, S. F. Capps' ch. jr. by
t.'yclone-Wanza. Bogus Bill ran a surprisingly
gcod race. Dr. Cave had plenty or speed, but
quit badly. MacGyle could not untrack him
self. Scratched— Redwald 107, l Beau Monde 110,
Edsardo 104.
Betting— P.ogus BUI. 25; Handtoapper, 1-2;
Dr. Cave. 12; Osmond. 30; MacGyle. 18-5.
l!>i:2. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
maidens; three-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Irdex. Hors», Wt. Jockey. St. »4. *i- Fin.
1750 Thracla. 3, 103.O'.Connor 2 3 h 2 h 12
1S75 Thornwild. 3. 1<#.. Henry 6 4 h S3 !«
1S75 The Garflr, 3. 104..Wedd 1 S'i ( Z h
1S75 Cerro Santa, 3, 104. Daly 4 12 12 4 3
lkS4 Cantlnus. 3. 107.Murphy 7 7 h 4 h 5 6
l&3fi Piratta. 3. lf-7 Enos 8 3 2 5 4 6 12
l^Sl Sebastiana, S, 105. Burns 5 8 10 7 <
I!>75 Carlovig'n. 3. 104. Woods 9 8 S 8
1S75 Ited Cherry, 4, 104... See 3 5h •
Time— 14. :25%: >-4. :52; %. 1:10^. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner. Burlingame Stock Farm's b. f. by Loco
hatchef-Troyana. Thracia best and got best
ii<5e. Daly tossed third place away on Cerro
Ssnta. 'Broke down. Scratc'ied— Robert J 107,
Sweet Voice 104. Brenhllda 107, Lady Maud 104,
Libbie Elklns 102. Aurlffera 107.
Betting— Thracla. 9-5; Thornwild. 12: The
Gaffir, 12; Cerro Santa. 4: Cantlnue, 100; Pi
rattR, 15; Sebastiana, 7-2; Carlovignian, 60;
lied Cherry. 7.
1O21. FOURTH RACE— Mile and an eighth;
Ran Mateo Handicap; four-year-olds and up;
rurse, $2830. ,
Index, Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. M- Str. Fin.
UM9)\Varing, 4, 127 Henry 3 13 18 18
1?97 Imperious, 6. 96.Murphy 1 4 12 3 1 2 4
1J.35 Wyoming, a, 103. 0' Conn 2 2 V» 2 2 '36
1849 Andrisa, 4, 108.... Burns 5 3^46 48'
1SS5 Autumn, 5, 102.... Walsh 6 5 }» 5 2 5 3
CS>71)Lavator, 5, 39 See 4 6 6 6
Time— H. :13: «4. :38: %. \-M%: %, l:30H:
n.ilo, 1:44; l^m, 1:58%. Good start. Won
ecsily. Second easily. Third driving. Win
ner, S. C. Hildreth's b, h. by imp. Mas^etto-
The Sweeper. Waring outclassed his field.
Imperious ran to nib best form. Autumn
Lumped Lavator badly on first turn, knocking
him out of the race. Wyoming stopped.
Scratched— Fhoenissa S8, Advance Guard 118.
Vesuvian 116, Florlzar 1C2, Specific 107, The
Lady 111, .Vuleain 113. Gonfalon 1CS.
Betting— Waring. 4-5; Imperious. 30: Wyom
ii.g, 6; Andrisa, 4; Autumn, 40; Lavator, 7.
11>SO. THIRD RACE— Mile and three-quar
ters; hurdle handicap; four-year-olds and up;
purse, $500.
Index Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
1S72 Periwig, a, l20....Brodie 4 1 15 1 3 In
(1S72U O C, a, 125..McMahon 3 2 6 2 12 2 15
3S72 Chotcau. 4. 120.. Bennett 2 4 3 3 •,» 3 Vi
IMS Eva Moe, 4, 122.. Tanner 6 3 10 4 20 4 25
IMS Lothian, 5, 16O.Sutherlnd 8 5 20 5 20 5 20
1n« T. Sharkey, 4. 120.Corbly 5 6 6 6
1SS7 Veragua, a, 132.Hueston 1 *
J71.1 The Cal'fn^ 4. 122. Worth 7 ••
Time— 3:30?;. Good start. Won easily. Sec
end and third , driving. Winner. A. Stam
iMiil's b. g. by Argyle-Peri. Lothian could
not untrack himself. Veragua was going
nicely when he fell. JOG finished strong.
•Fell. ?•Pulled up. Scratched— Credo 175.
Betting— Periwig, 8; J O C, 11-5: Choteau.
12; Eva Moe, 9-2: Lothian. 11-5; Tom Sharkey,
40, Veragua, 12; The Californlan, 30.
3t>lJ>. SECOND RACE— One mile; selling:
four-year-olds and up; purse, J1C0.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. Str. Fin.
K27 Topmast, a. 103.0'Connr 4-4 4 3 Vi 1 3
1*H7 Donator. 6. 106. ...Burns 2 3 4 21 2h
OfcTOjAlee. 4, 104: Woods 5 12 12 3 3
lhO'J Lizzella. a, 102.Wedd'std 3 5 5 4 5
1701 Vohieer. 4, 101 Seel 2h 4 1 5
Time— U. :26*i: *i. :52*i; 9i. 1:20; mile, 1:43U-
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, Carruthers & Shields' ch. g.
by imp. Topgaliant-Kesay. Topmast the class.
Alee away poorly and rushed too soon to the
Iront. Donator got' a good ride. Scratched —
Arttlla 36. Hlo Chico 106.
Betting— Topmast. 5; Donator, 5-2; Alee, 7-5;
Lizzella, 20; Vohieer, 7.
TANFORAN PARK-Saturday, Feb. 83.
1901.— Showery, Track sloppy.
1O1S. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; idling;
three-year-olds; purse, $4C0.
Irdex, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
1724 Skip Me. 1(13... O'Connor 2 2 3 13 IS
li>!'6 Mamie Hildreth. 100. See 4 4 A 3 2 h
181*6 Birdie Stone, lC2.We<Jstd 3 5 6 2 h 8 2
1W6 Konrto, 102 J. Walsh 5 6 6 5 2 4 4
JSJH Caylon Brown, M5..Enos S lh 3 h 5 V,
1710 Lrfica, 100....... Buchanan 7 7 >4 7 1 6 1
(liSMGold Bailee, 103... Woods 6 8 g 7 10
1S9!> Invictus, 109 Burns 1 3 »4 6 6 8
Time— U, :23U: %. :37%; ' %. 1:04%. Good
si art. Won easily. Second and third driving:.
Winner, James Whltten's blk. t. by Al Far
row-Lady Lyon. A very bad-looking: race.
burns rt.de a shocking race on the favorite.
Woods pulled up at start. The winner was
rot played to any extent at Tanforan.
Scratched— Lucera ltO, Klngstelle ICO, Qulbo 105.
Betting-Skip Me, 15; Mamie Hildreth, 15;
Undie Stone, 5; Fondo. 8: Gaylon Brown, 30;
Luca, 20; Gold Badge, 6; Invictu», 1.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
Another Avalanche for the Favorites at Tanforan— ,-Waring
Wins the San Mateo Handicap With Henry Up, Sam
Hildreth,His Luck Working Well, Getting Another Purse
Farman has for years been making an
©pen fight against the saloons of Napa
and was the Prohibition candidate for
fienator In the lato campaign. He is one
of Na.pa's most respected citizens and hi3
rash act to-day has created a profound
sensation among his friends. In a pub
lished Ftatemcnt the doctor eays that the
liquor traffic is on« of the greatest evils
in our country to-day and that it is high
time that snmethinK be done to destroy it.
The proprietor of the Revere House
went before Justice CaJdwell and swore
to a complaint charing Farman with de
etroyjng his property. Farman was ar
rested.
"You'd better tell the. officers.
NAPA, Feb. 23.— Dr. Charles H. Far
nan, a prominent dentist, created a een
eation hero this morninp by proceeding
to the barroom of the Rovere House and
ctternptlng to carrienationizo the place;
He <!ld not use a hatchet, as does Carrie
Nation In Kansas; Instead his v.eapon was
a bottle filled with coal oil. Mr. Farman
went into the barroom, bottle in hand.
ar.<5, addressing Barkeeper Charles Claus
een. said:
"I don't want **ou to sell any more li
quor to John O'Neill."
Claussen replied that O'Neill did not get
much whicky at th»» place, and that he
could get it at other saloons In town if
he tClaussent did not sell it to him. With
this Dr. Farman raided his bottle and
Threw It at the mirror and glasses be
hind the bar, shattering: them into frag
ments. Then he waJked out. saying:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sinnrfiea the Glassware in the Revere
House Bar and Is Arrested on
Complaint of the Pro-
prictor.
Dr. Charles H. Farman
Emulatis the Conduct
of Mrs. Nation.
NAPA RESIDENT
WRECKS SALOON
Bell* Brandon challenge cup stake: Third
Round— Georjre Mac E. Malcolm's Aec'ua beat
T. Barre's Amail't, 8-3; Pterl & Knowles'
Freeze Out beat E. Geary's Mlnne Sankey, 54-3;
P. M. Clarkson's Miss BrummeJI beat R. L.
Taylor's Raviola. 18-J; R. \j. Taylor's Merriwa
beat George Nethercotfs lied Rock, 12-S.
Second round— Achilles beat Aconite, 7-2; Sir
Lawrence, a bye; Rosie Clair beat The Doctor.
3-0: Hawker beat Hurricane. 5-0; Bowery Boy
beat Sprln^back. 4-1: I-ok l;oy heat Daylight.
5-1; Finn McCool beat Tiburon, 5-1; Jewess beat
Blackhawk. 7-0; Oleta beat Daisy Dale, 4-0:
Kid McCoy beat O'Hara, 5-0; Frosty Morn beat
Repeat Again. 1S-1: Master Workman beat
Willful Widow, 3-1: Aenean beat Ripple. 6-3:
Moonbrlght beat Brass Button. 5-4; Round
About beat Crawford I^asj. 6-0; Pass Word beat
Montana Jack. 4-0; Sara beat Aethra, 4-1;
Vixen beat Bunco Bill. m-6.
Reserve rtake, first round — W. Gieason's
Aconite beat Aeneld Kennels" Aleeto, 7-5;
Aeneid Kennels' Achillas beat Pacha Kenne!?'
Rose Atwood. 11-5; J. Dowling'* Sir I^awrence
beat W. Cairn's Gold <>r, 17-3; IVter l»oyle's>
Nora Lawrence beat Yosemlte Kennels' fcitr
Van, 15-12; Russell &. Allen'* Rosie Clair beat
T. Coleman's Lavona, 8-4; George Sharpian's
Tha Doctor beat P. Moore's Thorndale, 6-4;
Kay Bros." Hawker beat I'asha Krnn?l»" Bslle
Clair. 4-3; J. Hurley's Hurricane beat Pasha
Kennels' Rollicking Air?. 1-2; George Shar
nan'i Bowery Boy brat H. Lyncb's l>HtIe M,
11-7; • Gold Dust Kennels' Hiirinebaik beat
Charles McDerir.ltfs Noe Maul, 12-10; W. J.
Leonard's Dayllrht beat .r. Hurley's O. K.
Capitol, 2-0; Connoll Bros.' I>t>K Hoy beat J.
Smith's Boney Boy, C-l: T. McGool's Finn Mc-
Coo! beat Sterl & Kbowles' Rusty Gold. 3-1';
D. J. H>aley> Tiburon bfat J. HoMen'8 Scot
tish "Chief. 5-»; J. McNeil's Hlack Hawk beat
J. H. Mu Hay's The Lamb. 10-0; R. K. <ie B.
Liopez's Jewess beat Sullivan & Trainer's My
Selection. 16-t>; Pterl & Knowles" Ollta beat K.
M. Andrews' Gov. Mac. 4-0; T. J. Cronin's
Daisy- Dale beat W. C. Glasson's lone. 5-2: E.
SI. KelloBB's Kid McCoy beat Gold Dust K«"n
nel» # The l^ady. 3-0; Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara
beat J. J. Kcenan's PreadnauRht, 12-7; Pasha
Kennels' Repeat Again beat Thomas Kevin's
Nellie X. 4-3; F. A. Mi-Comb's Frosty Morn
beat P. J. Re;:i>- f s I^ughneagh. fi-3; J.
Smith' b Master Workman beat F. A. Mc-
Combu Motto, 4-0; P. J. Rellly's Willful
Widow beat Jeff Martenett'* Sally Hrnsp, 5-4;
Aeneid Kennels' An-as beat femetnita Kennels'
Freedom's Banner. 3-2; Ster! & Knowles' Rip
ple beat J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince. 11-6: P.
J. Rellly'a MnonbriKht beat M. Kowlander's 1^
Roy, 15-7; Chiarini Brothers' Hrass Button
beat F. Jones' Lovina, 3-0; F. A. McComb'g
Crawford L«53, a bye; Pai>ha Kennels' Round
About beat H. A. I>eckelman s Glen Chioe. 3-1;
W. B. Jones' Montana Jark beat F. A. Me-
Comb's Royal Fashion. 3-0; J. It. Smith's Pass
Word -best P. C. Bllrk's Yellow Tail. 8-0;
Aeneid Kennels' Aethra beat Goid Dust Ken
nels' MagormiEsabib. S-0; R. E. de B. L/ipez's
Sara boat D. J. Healey's Elista. 6-1; T. J.
Cronin's Vixen beat M. Mnnasoh's Florence
Flatterer, 5-0; Chiarini Brothers' Bunco Bill
best Jeff Martenetfs Slim, 4-1.
With the finals of the reserve stake,
the Belle Brandon and the California
Plate events for to-day's attracTon Union
I'ark presents a strong card.
The results of yesterday's coursing,
with Judge John Grace's official scores,
follow:
The third round of the stake was run
yesterday. Aeolus beat his half-sister,
Amadee, which was the stake choice and
a favorite at 2 to 1 In the betting, tak
ing a lead of three open lengths and win
ning by a score of 8 to 3. Freeze Out,
another half-sister, had a run of more
than two and a half minutes and will
probably be withdrawn. Aeoius has per
lormed better than the remaining en
tries and the route looks easy lor him
to-day.
In the reserve stake Kid McCoy figures
to win, with Rosie Clair and Aeneas as
second choice?. • t
George McE. Malcolm of Sacramento
named Sacramento Boy for the John
Grace challenge cup last year, and the
Boy won. Now Mr. Malcolm has his eye'
on the big stake to be decided to-day, and
he stands a very good chance of winning
the prize with Aeolus, a For Freedom-
Golden Russet puppy.
Deciding Courses in Three Great
Events at Union Park Will
Furnish Some Good Sport
To-Day.
For Freedom-Golden Russet
Puppy Shows Unusual
Burst of Speed.
AEOLUS LOOKS
LIKE A WINNER
PROFESSIONAL CONTEST.
Total
Name — Score.
Harry Rawlins 164
Horace Rawlins 1W
David Eell 152
Willie Smith 151
Robert Johnstone > 153
James Melville 175
F Riley 162
MEN'S AMATEUR CONTEST.
DEL. MONTE." Feb. 23.— Rain poured
down all last night and at frequent in
tervals to-day, so that the golf course
was about in as bad condition as it could
be, the putting greens being the only part
of the links fit to play on. For some time
this morninsr it was believed to be im
possible to finish the tournaments which
¦were begun yesterday and the golfer?
were disgusted with the weather clerk.
The rain let up about midday, however,
and the professionals sallied forth to try
the finish of their contest. 18 holes. The
amateurs were not to be outdone, and
with grim determination and very muddy
feet battled against one another and tho
wet, slippery earth.
The Del Monte cup. first prize in the
ladies' contest, was won by Mrs. Chester
Thorne of Portland. Or., her score being
127. The cup 1 presented by the San Fran
cisco Golf Club was won by Mrs. TV. P.
Johnson of Oakland.
In the gentlemen's amateur contest, W.
P. Johnson of Oakland came off victo
rious. Second prize went to H. C. Bree
den of San Francisco and W. E. Ayers
and Dr. Morton tied for third place. C.
B. Kr.app and Charles Hubbard tied for
a special prize that was offered yesterday
for the best cross score.
The outcome of the professional contest
was not surprising to those who have
been watching the play of Smith and Bell
during their visit to this coast, and the
close finish was full of interest. Smith
won in 151 strikes for the 36 holes, cap
turing the $1'X> prize. Bell finished in l.">2
strikes and Jolinstone of San Francisco
took third r>lace with 139 strikes. Bell
made the best single round, making 9
holes in 35 strikes.
The complete score of the two days'
tournament follow, the totals being given
for the 26 holes played in each class:
Special Dispatch to Th* Call
Mrs. Chester Thome Captures First
Prize for Ladies and Mrs. W. P.
Johnson the San Francisco
Gclf Club Cup.
W. P. Johnson of Oakland
Wins tht Amateur Event
at Del Monte.
GOLFERS COMPETE
OB MUDDY LINKS
EL. PASO, Tex.. Feb. 23.— Mrs. Airnis
Freeman, a young ami handsome ¦woman.
v.as arrested here to-night by Atchison.
Topeka «imi Santa Fe Railway detectives
on a charge of robbing a trunk of Jewels
and other valuables worth nearly J100O.
Soon after being ldcked up Mrs. Freeman
sent a dispatch to Chauncey M. Depew
of New York, which said:
"I am in serious trouble and must hav»
SECO at once." She signed herself "Tour
Niece" and gave the message to a guard.
to deliver at the telegraph office.
When seen in her cell by a reporter tha
woman alleged that she is a niece of the.
Senator, but declined to disclose- any of
her past history. She wept copiously
because of the fact that she had been ar
rested.
During the recent telegraph operators*
strike on the Santa Fe system Mrs. Free
man was sent to La Tuna, N. Mex., to
take the place of a striker. She held tho
position until the depot was burned,
about a month ago. Then she cam© here
and filed suit against the railway for
$15,000 damages resulting from the fire to
her person and property. The suit was
tiled only last week, and to-day a de
tective found h*r here and placed her un
der arrest on the charge of robbing the
trunk of a passenger of Jewels and other
valuables. A portion of the stolen prop
erty was found In her possession, but she
vigorously denied the charge on which tha
warrant was base'l. The prisoner claims
that her home is at Winston, N. C.
Assistance.
t
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Claims to Be a Niece of Chauncey
Depe-w and Sends Him a Tela
jrram Asking Financial _
Handsome Young Woman
Is Under Arrest at
- El Paso.
CHARGED WITH
RIFLING TRUNKS
SEA LION OUTFOOTS FAVONIUS
FOR RICH PALACE HOTEL STAKES
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1901.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 23.— Articles "were
signed to-day for a wrestling match to a
finl3h between Tom Jenkins -of Detroit
and the "Terrible Turk." The match is
to be catch-as-catch-can, and; Is: to take
place prior to March 11 before the club
offering the best inducements." - : Two out
of three falls will determine , the winner,
who is to receive the entire purse.
Will Meet Terrible Turk.
BOSTON, Feb. 23. — It was announced t<v
day that, desiring to stimulate yachting
competitions during the coming" summer,
Thomas W. Lawson has offered several
cups for open competition, through the
Hull-Massachusetts Club, of which he is
a member. Mr. Lawson desires to bring
into Massachusetts waters not only races
between ninety-footers, which are entitled
to sail in the America's cup competition,
V»ut also races between schooners, seven
ty-footers, fifty-raters and fishermen lor
prizes designated as "suitable" in some
cases and named at $1000 ln,-others. The
offer of Mr. Lawson has been received
.with favor • by the Hull-Massachusetts
Yacht Club's executive committee.
Lawson Offers Many Prizes.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 23.-C. Donald Lowrle,
who claims to be a newspaper writer, was.ar
rested to-day charged with burglary. The
police found about 1600 worth of stolen prop
erty in i^owrie'B room In a lodclna boom ca
Striae street.
SEATTLE. Feb. 23.— Six cases of small
pox on the Indian ranch, near Sltka.
Alaska, have kept tbo medical forces
busy vaccinr-ting and caused anxiety
among: white residents. Thus far the dis
ease, has been confined to the ranch, al
though, no quarantine has been enforced
and there have been no fatalities. A mass
meeting of citizens was called to discuss
the project of a quarantine for the in
fected district. It met unexpected oppo
sition and by a vote of 30 to 2 it was de
cided to keep the ranch open and allow
Indians the freedom of the town. Dire
results were expected from the course,
but In seven days no new cases have
broken out, owing probably to a continued
spell of cold weather, accompanied by
heavy snowfalls.'
Infected Indian Ranch.
Citizens Vote Against Quarantining
SMAI*LP0X N1B&B SITKA.
A popular fund has already been lib
erally subscribed to and as the expense
of sending: the" team of ten men and two
substitutes from this country will be up
ward of 54000. It is desired that those fa
voring the contest send anything they
care to subscribe to Thomas A. Marshall,
Mayor of Kelthsburg, 111:, twice winner
of the errand American handicap, who has
been appointed captain and manager of
the team. It is essential that the amount
be in hand not later than the middle of.
March or the first of April. These well
known trap experts have signified their
Intention of making Oie trip: R. > O s
Heikes. J. A. R. Elliott, J. S. Fanning.
Kred Gilbert, W. R. Crosby, C. W. Budd.
W. Parmelee and T. A. Marshall. Among
others prominently mentioned are Har
vey JlcMurchy. Edward Parks, E. D. Ful
ford and W. Leroy.
N*EW YORK. Feb. 23.— The Herald .to
morrow ¦vrlll say that an International
trap contest has been practically ar
ranged to take place In England. It Is
expected that this contest will be en
gaged In by the best wing shots of Amer
ica, and England.
American Clubs Will Send Reprecen-
tatives to England.
24
I Gross
Handi
I Net
XAME. '
j Score.
cap.
! Score.
John joi
Hubbard
Stralton
Knipp
Thome
Kellogg
Ayer
CaMwell
La Bayteaux
Chenery
Ames .$
Breeden -
Bowles ':."
Miller
Perkins
MeXear ...... .-v.
Wilks
Morton
Dalllle
ITS
192
2fll
132
2PI
153
154
13S
219
221
228
215
221
215
207
237
24S
212
22*
_»_
j
n
4
:o
10
12
16
1«
1*
j2
23
22
W
2»
2S
23
!
I
173
rjo
139
131
1S9
184
1S«
203
2f>5
( 1S3
103
193
1S5
2'X)
217
1K4
1%
I Gross
Handi
I Net
XAME. '
j Score.
cap.
! Score.
John joi
Hubbard
Stralton
Knipp
Thome
Kellogg
Ayer
CaMwell
La Bayteaux
Chenery
Ames .$
Breeden -
Bowles ':."
Miller
Perkins
MeXear ...... .-v.
Wilks
Morton
Dalllle
ITS
192
2fll
132
2PI
153
154
13S
219
221
228
215
221
215
207
237
24S
212
22*
_»_
j
n
4
:o
10
12
16
1«
1*
j2
23
22
W
2»
2S
23
!
I
173
rjo
139
131
1S9
184
1S«
203
2f>5
( 1S3
103
193
1S5
2'X)
217
1K4
1%
The VON MOHL CO., 3738.
•*E£3£T.^ i r B " 4 CINCINNATI. OHIO.
'Restores Lost Manhoods
5 DATS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Absolutely FREE by Sealed Mail.
Wo C. O. P. cr DEPOSIT SCHEME.
"CALTHCS* ii pat before yon on its meriti
•Jone. Try it and put it to the test. Try it Fr*«.
Tbera is do security required — no C. O. D. scheme.
Seed as roar hum and address, and we will send
Ton enongn "CALTHOS" to last fiTe days. It
mill be sent In a *«-alrd package by mall.
In tb« qciet.cf your home yon can try it and tee
what it does.
All correspondence relating to the CALT1IO8
tfepsxunent of oar basine«s is strictly confidential.
V> neither trcblfrn nor furnieh tectimoniftl*.
Tbe tt&rreloni French remedy "CALTHOg «
rec*ctly introduced in this country by the Von Mohl
Co.. of Cincinnati, Ohio, one of the largest, richest
snd most responsible besiness firms in the United
fetates, has attracted tbe attention of the entire
medical profeesion because of the wonderful caret
It h»« effected. If you eu?«r from Lett Manhood,
Varirocele, Weakness of any nature in the Sexual
Organs or Serves. Cno matter .how cansed). or if the
parts are undeveloped or have shrunken or wasted
•way "CALTHOS" will restore you.
"CALTHOS" it a Trench ditcoTery by Prof.
Islet Ltbcrde, famed in Paris at France's foremost
•pwialirt.
•• CALTHOS *? It tbe only remedy recognized by
the medical r^f*"*' on as a specific enre for weak n»o-
" CA1THOH •* has the endorsement of tbe Ger-
xnaa and Fxnrh and it largely nted !¦
the standing armiet of those countries.
Addrctt arpucatiom for trial treatment to
"CALTHOS"
Prof. Uberde's Wonderful French Preparation
I KntuMA IM Until! |
§ j0&29*t. DR- McLAUGHLIX'S ELECTRIC BELT has rs- jg
'% ' &&&J6|gk stored health and strength to thousands of weak men. If jr«
S ,^**-~~~~ -t|Z -^ u *cd I direct it is a positive ci:rc and cannot fail. It
$ S y^ ' "**"T^r7' '^Kiil """""" gives the vitalizing power of electricity, without burninj? or £jj
§ ( .. * /r *'" fe * 5!i: 'iif fftgi^ blistering, to every weakened part, developing full visor. It £
o M^jL v^^ *r^ /"^ removes all the effects of dissipation forever. I want every «
« /^jjbJ^ \^ Njfc* j s*"7 f-pzQSif' weak man who is not the man he should be to use my Belt, O
5 r^'v (/ j d$£*&jifsr and. when he is cured, tell his friends of its wonderful effects. «
« \ *'„+*- £Jnfi|r^ My Belt is an absolute remedy tor Nervous Debilitv. Back- -^
§^^S^^ \ \^ , _ yimSEv- ache. Rheumatism, Stomach, Liver, Kidney and Bladder o
"^wllt \'W/- ' ' '•/<^3^-»- Troubles. Ir is arranged for women as well as men. an.l
6 '¦--^^§g?SS\\\* '/ 1 ( * / /^<- /^S^^- — " cures female weakness. It does wonders in a few aonl'.ci- C>
S '^^^^^^^iflV.^Si^^QB^^--" tions. It arouses all the dormant energies, develops muscu- S
. Mj^l^^^fflp'' lar'and nerve life and restores the feeling of youth, couraee §
W :^r^2_d^ Jfe fPidSsF^ *' anc * v ' cor - makes men over ap;ain. It makes perfect men 5
Q «»-«^53a85£?asa» o j t jj e p Un j est> weakest specimens of "half men." o
|| Proof of What;My Belt Will Do— Chronic Rheumatism Cured. §
S • ¦¦•¦?• • - LIV1XGSTOX, Cal.. Jan. 23. 19"1- S
ft DR. M.-A. McLAUGHLIN —Dear.' Sir: I suffered with chronic lame back for years. About three months ago I pur- g
5 chased one of your high-grade belts,' and am pleased to say that by continuous use of it I have been completely cured. I Q
« am now as well as I ever was. I could not be better, and I* have only your belt to thank for it Yours very truly. rt
g , . GEO. M. CURTIS. 8
Q PfTWCTTT TaTTON T7RT7T7 ' If >' ou are clos ® enough to call do so. Letme show you the difference between my g
>$ LUl'OUJjlnl lull rilL£r up-to-date appliance and old style burning Electric Belts'. Let me prove to you X
S r why my Belt cures when they fall. If you will call I will give you a free test to show you hov/ It cures. g
« QPFPT A T .NfYTTPF .l f . you 5 a 7 e a , be , 1 , t that burns - or a "no electricity" band which has disappointed you.bring §
« Of JLLliiJ-* 1>U 1 lLLi it in and I will allow you half r price of mine for It. 8
6 T7PT7T7 RPiniT ' If you can't call write for my beautiful descriptive book showing how my Belt la used and giving «
« TrULlI/ DUUiVi hundreds of letters from grateful people. (Office hours: 9 to S; Sundays, "10 to 1.) . v g
§ HP M A Mrl ATTITHI IM 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, S
§ iJtV» «»• ! At, iTlt Li A U U 1 1 L 1 11 , Son Francisco, Cal. gv
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weak Men
BOUGHT. »old, rented repaired; ne^dlrs and
shuttles: r»<3uc<-d rates. 145 6th: phone Mint .V.
JUJs kinds bought, sola. rcntPd, exchanged, re-
paired: open even.; phone Black 1124, 205 4th.
SEW1XG MACHINES A.VD SUPPLIES.
ALL. kinds txnurht, sold and repairing guaran-
- teed. Charlea Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
TRL'SSCS.
MAKUFA'R: elastic Btocklnps. shoulder braces,
supporters made, repaired. Menpe, 603 Kearny.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREATiirRGAIXS IN T TTPEWBTTE^S— Ws
•ell better machlr.es for less money than any
• house In the city; rentals, S3. The Typewriter
Exchange, at California; telephone Main 266.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mia-
eion ft.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BE KINS Van and Btorre Co.. 7S2 MiEsion st. ;
tel. Main U40: ehippinc at cat ratea.
STORAGE AAD W ALEHOUSES.
riEnCE^KOWLPH^torace^id^MoN-lnij Co"
of flee. Po«t and Powcli sts. : tel. Main 6711.
I B Ik R fi\ Lftflin & nand Waterproof
I El |ttt& 1 FmokfWg row<J*r. in bulk
ioE b\§ Brd i0A '''^ i ln fhells. Send
BHD PlXfiflTB for '••at-alosrue or *pcrtin<?
*W I V^pr rood*. GEO. W. SHKEVE.
729 Market et.
RACERS
Twenty-Five 1902
CLEVELAND RACERS
Built expressly for San Fran-
£ cisco trade, arrived j-ester-
day by Wells- Farso. . More
to follow.
LEAVITT <Sr BILL,
309 LarUin Street, 6an Francisco.
*f 20 San Pablo Avenue, Oakland.
57 South Second Street, San dose.Chamber of Commerce and Delegates From Other Com
mercial Bodies Meet Legislative Committee on Com
merce and Navigation Relative to the Pilot Commission
A MEETING of of the members of
the Chamber of Commerce with
representatives from the Ship
owners' Association and other
commericial bodies of this city
for the purpose of conferring with the
members of : the State Legislative Com
mittee on Commerce and Navigation re
garding compulsory pilotage was held
yesterday afternoon.
The legislative committee, composed of
M. \V. Brady (chairman), McNeil of Hum
boldt. Barnes of San"Mateo, Kelley of
Oakland, Radcllff of Santa Cruz, Butler.
Collins and McLaughlin of this city and
Reeber of Sacramento, was present in its
entirety:
ANGRY WORDS AND UNPLEASANT
CHARGES MAKE SESSION LIVELY
SOME OF THOSE WHO TOOK PART IN THE DISCUSSION OF THE PI
LOT SERVICE AND PLANS FOR DOING AWAT WITH ALLEGED
EVILS CONNECTED THEREWITH.
SPOKANE, • F«b. 2S.— Robert . McAlpin. th«
highwayman, who brok* Jail last Sunday, mi
captured by Sheriff Doust to-day In the wood!
fourUen milw from Spokane. Only two of
the - nine . prisoners who escaped aw ¦till . at
large.'. ¦'..•.¦•.-' .
Could Not Let His Wife Go.
OAKLAND.' Feb. 23.— After. Mrs. Maria
J Bettencourt had been recommended for
commitment to an Insane asylum at her
husband's behest, Bettencourt. who Is a
laborer, 60 years of age. relented and
asked Judge Greene to let him take his
wife home. On his promising in writing
to take care that she was prevented from
doing ¦ harm to > herseif . or others Judge
Greene signed a : dismissal. ; Mrs. Betten
court is about W years old. Her Insanity
was brought on by a fall from a wagon
several ' weeks ago. She has been In the
County ¦ Infirmary for; some time, but her
mental condition has not Improved.
Alnrani Defeat School.
BERKELEY. Feb. 23.— A baseball nine
composed of members of the High School
Alumni defeated the school team In a
Kama played yesterday, afternoon on the
university campus. The score was 7 to 6.
The line-up was as follows:
Alumni. Positions. Hlch School.
Barker.-. ...Pitcher.... Strelb
Sm,;.. ..Catcher Saeltier
Himlln ...First ba»e Saeltzer
McKeown...... Second baw ..Hartley
Parker Third ba»».. Plummw
Ptencer Shortstop Nelson
Morse •.".. Le" field....— Boettlgw
Ward well Center field.. Munson
Bteedman... ...Rl*ht field ......Warren
FORMER POLICE CLERK
PLACED UNDER* ARREST
Wanted in San Francisco on a War
rant for Passing a Bogus
Check.
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— Charles E. Gardi
ner formerly clerk to the San Francisco
Chief of Police, was arrested here this
afternoon on a misdemeanor charge. Gar
diner Is accused of passing a bogus check
on a Turk-street lodging-house, San Fran-
C Detective Crockett has been looking for
his man on this - side for several days,
since his escape from a Hay wards con
stable who located and arrest him, but
was unable to land his prisoner in jail.
Gardiner gave the officer the slip as the
latter was bringing him to Oakland.
Detective Crockett took his prisoner to
San Francisco.
really more than the plant Is worth, Th«
corporation wanted Sft per cent oa S60O~
000, the purchase price of the plant. ' "'
AI«AMTCDA, Feb. 23.— Burglars effected
an entrance Into Fernald's photograpbio
supply house on Central avenue last
night. They got away with the threa beat
cameras In the place. Tbe stolen good*
were valued at J120. No clew haa been
obtained as to the Identity of the robbers.
Carried Away Three Cameras.
KIDNAPING CASH DlSOCSSniX— 1fc« etas
of EX B. B#nn of Beattto charred with kidnap
ing his four-year-old boy from 1773 Howart
street. wher» Bonn's divorced wtfa, Mr*. Alice
Chaplin, llvea, was dismUswd by Judgv Frits
yesterday. Mrs. Chaplin at once swore out
¦warrant* for th* arrest of Bana «M hia at
torney. 7. R. Wall, oa the eharg* of batter*.
During the past century the oestsr of
population of the United States has
moved from apolnt twenty miles east of
Baltimore to Western Indiana, a dlrtanc*
cf 605 miles.
WATER RATES TO BE
SAME AS LAST YEAR
City Trustees Decline to Entertain
Contra Costa's Request for
Greater Compensation.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 23.— The water rates
to go into effect on July 1 will be the same
as they are at present. Private consum
ers will pay thirty cents and tho city fif
teen cents per thousand gallons, whllo
hydrant renting will be $1 per month. The
City Trustees and reDres«ntatives of the
Contra Costa Water-Company held a con
ference last night, during which the latter
made a plea for greater compensation.
They wanted more money for hydrants If
they did not get anything else. They en
deavored to snow that the water company
is losing money on its Investment In Ala
meda.
The Trustees refused to entertain the
request for a raise. It was pointed out
that the company is getting 8 per cent
now on a valuation of (300,000, which Is
Pll6*t Commissioner Alexander and Sec
retary Conroy of the commission were
also present to defend the present pilot
age system.
PIONEER CTTTZEN OF
ALAMEDA COUNTY DEAD
Maurice J. Healy Passes Away at His
Chairman Newhall called the meeting
to order and stated the purpose for which
It had been convened, Attorney C. E.
Naylor, secretary of the Shipowners'
Association, was then requested to pre
sent the features of the case to the legis
lative committee. Mr. Naylor reviewed
past legislation on the matter of pilotage
and discussed the bills which are before
the present Legislature in reference to a
reform of the system. He maintained
that the pilots are paid exorbitant fees,
that they are most unjust in the matter
of paying rebates to shipowners and that
the books of the Commissioners can never
be seen by the commercial men or the
public. The shipowners. Mr. Naylor stat
ed, and he himself had made many and
strong efforts to see the Pilot Commis
sioners' books, but had never been able
Oakland Home After Suffering
Long Illness.
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— Maurice J. Healy,
a pioneer citizen of Alameda County, died
last night at his home, 8a Harrison street,
after a long illness, pneumonia having
been the immediate cause. Mr. Healy
came to Alameda County twenty-sevn
years ago and has been prominently iden
tified with its Interests continuously since.
For all of the time of his residence he was
the leading tailor of the city.
Deceased was a native of Ireland, aged
68 years. He leaves a widow, Josephine
B Healy, and five children. The funeral
will be held from the late home at 8:S0
o'clock Monday morning. High mass will
be celebrated at 9 o'clock at the Churcn
of tho Immaculate Conception.
Naylor. The Question of rebates was
then Introduced and charges were made,
that pilots discriminated In favor of.
friendly shipowners, thus placing at &
tremendous disadvantage the men who
are not on good terms with them. Cap
tain Mighell, who owns thirty slhps ply
ing from this port, stated that since ha
had rebelled against excessive charges
two years ago, he had never received a
rebate. Captain Marston. also a large
•hlpowner, thought there were too many
pilots and that the charges were exces
sive.
Mr. Naylor recommended to the legisla
tive committee that only one Pilot Com
missioner be appointed, and he by the
Harbor Commissioners. Instead of threa
by the Governor, as at present, and that
the number of pilots be reduced from
twenty to ten or fifteen.
Mr. Craig then briefly reviewed the
abuses which he believed to exist. He
stated that the. San Francisco pilotage
system was corrupt and characterized the
pilots as ••pirates." Pilotage charges are
higher here, he stated, than In any other
port of the world. Immense harm had
been done to the city of San Francisco
and the State of California, he said, and
a radical change was highly necessary.
The representatives of the Pilot Com
missioners Intimated that Sacramento
was their stronghold and said that at a
later period they would be there with all
the books they had, which any one could
then inspect.
Assemblyman Radcllff asked. In refer
ence doubtless to the sad accident to the
Ill-fated Rio de Janeiro, whether a captain
or pilot had command of a ship entering
or leaving the port. All authorities pres
ent agreed that the captain never lost
command of his vessel.
to do to.
Messrs. Alexander and Conroy at this
point extended an invitation to all present
and to the public to examine the books
at any and all times, and disavowed any
inclination to withhold the statistics.
Mr. Naylor stated that he had mailed
a letter to each of the Pilot Commission
ers more than a week ago, requesting that
he be allowed to inspect the books, but
both Mr. Alexander and Mr. Conroy de
nied the receipt of any such communica
tion.
Hugh Craig of the Chamber of Com
merce said that he had constantly en
deavored for two years to see the books,
but could never get even an appointment
to do so.
Debate between the four gentlemen then
became so heated and personal in its na
ture that Chairman Newhall had to In
terfere.
The report of the sub-committee of the
Chamber of Commerce on pilotage was
presented. It showed, by statistics, that
up to two years ago the pilots, for eleven
years, had been working twenty-four
days every three months for a compensa
tion of about $330 per month. The best
paid ship captains leaving this port get
$250 a month. Other things hinted at
created the opinion that a San Francisco
pilot led a gilt-edged life of ease and
luxury, with only the duty of collecting
enormous pay.
Secretary Conroy stated that a pilot was
exposed to great dangers and that his
case was different from that of a sea cap
tain, that he had to board himself. An
Interesting discussion about the price of
board was Interrupted by Chairman New
hall.
Assemblyman Radcllft asked for fur
ther statistics, which were given by Mr.
DAUGHTERS ' OF AMERICAN:
REVOLUTION ADJOURN
Vote of Thanks Is Tendered Presi
dent McKlnley and the United
States Senate. ¦
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.-The. Daugh
ters of the American Revolution assem
bled to-day to complete. the work of their
tenth annual congress and adjourn. Many
delegates had returned to their homes and
the attendance to-day was comparatively
email. ¦ Another vot* was cast for • the
remaining vice president general, the cor
responding secretary general and the his
torian general, the first ballot for these
officers on Thursday having resulted in a
deadlock. A rising vote of thanks was
tendered President McKlnley for his re
ception to the Daughters of the American
Revolution on Wednesday. The congress
by a rising vote also tendered its thanks
to the United States ' Senate I for the ap
propriation of J100.000 for the martyr*'
monument. : 1 - r - > :
Surveyor General of Utah.
Vicar General Bessonies.
William R. Singleton.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— William R. ;
Singleton, a native of Norfolk and the
grand secretary of the Grand Lodge of
Masons of 'the District of; Columbia, died
in this city to-day at the age of 83.
General MacFeely.
WASHINGTON; Feb. 23.— Brigadier Gen
eral Robert MacFeely, retired; of the
army, died here to-day at an advanced
age.
Dr. Pierce B. Fagen.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 23.— Dr. Pierce B.
Fagen died last night. He was a native
ofOhlo, 82 years old.
Heavy Downpour in Berkeley.
BERKELEY. Feb. 23.-A heavy rain
commenced falling last night and at noon
to-day the precipitation had been 1.40
inches for sixteen hours. This brings tho
rainfall of the season, since July I,' 1900,
to 20.02 Inches, as against 19.779 inches for
the same period a year ago.
POLITICAL GAME
WELL UNDER WAY
Various Municipal Parties
Hold Meetings and
Hear Candidates.
Rousing Rallies Will Afford the Vot
ers Opportunity to Meet and
j j Hear tho Applicants for
Their Suffrages.
The Democratlo City Central Commit
tee has completed, plans for at least one
meeting In each ward during the cam
paign. The committee has opened head
quarters in the Blake-Moffltt building on
12 road way.
The Young Men's Republican Club will
hold a smoker next Wednesday evening
at Elite Hall. The committee of arrange
ments has secured good talent, both mu
sical and oratorical, fpr the evening's en
tertainment. Refreshments will be served
to the club's guests.
The Sixth Ward Republican Club gave
a. emoker in Becker's Hall to-night. There
was an enthusiastic crowd present and
the hall was filled to overflowing. Louis
BchaeCer presided. Brief addresses were
made by each of the Republican candi
dates who had responded to the Invita
tion to attend.
In Ueu of the orthodox campaign
epeech Anson Barstow, candidate for
Mayor, told funny stories about things
that happened In early days In Oakland.
He wound up by expressing the hope that
the ticket would be elected from top to
bottom, from Mayor to Library Trustees.
George E. Gross, nominee for Auditor,
said he was not an orator, but hoped and
wished to be Auditor. He felt certain
tbe ticket would be victorious and was
glad he was on it.
The position of the party In regard to
municipal wates works was explained by
James A- Johnson, candidate for City
Attorney. He compared its platform with
that of the Municipal League. The water
controversy would never be settled, he
said, until the city owned its own works.
Fred C. Turner, candidate for City En
gineer, believed in taking up and pushing
to completion needed public Improve
ments. There ought to be enough done to
keep the surplus labor of tbe dtjr em
ployed for two years.
Other epeeches were made by Oliver
Ltndsey, Colonel W. C. Little, John O.
Cadman. Charles A. Bon and E. R. Allen.
The speeches were followed by the serr
lng of refreshments.
The Democrats will hold the opening
meeting of tnelr municipal campaign next
Thursday evening In Masonic Hall, when
addresses will be delivered by the party's
nominees.
nm Broadway. Feb. 23.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
WASHINGTON. Feb. 22.— At to-day's
meeting 'of the executive council of the
American Federation of Labor President
Gompers submitted to them a letter ad
dressed to the worklngmen of Porto Rico,
which was approved and ordered to b«
iorwarded. The letter eays:
"It Is our duty as organized workers of
the United Sta.tes to aid to the fullest ex
tent of our ability In the organization of
our fellow-workers la Porto Rico and
Letter Submitted by President Gom
pers Ordered Forwarded to Work
ers In the Island.
PORTO RICANS ARE
URGED TO ORGANIZE
Oakland Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— Marriage licenses
were Issued to-day at the County Clerk's
office to the following named couples:
William J. Dawson of San Francisco,
aged 33, to marry Rose Clark of Salinas
aged 25; Frank M. Clausen of Oakland
aged 21, to marry Gertrude A. Simmons
of Oakland, aged 18; Samuel L. Pereira of
Oakland, aged 60, to marry Angellque J
Richards of Oakland, aged 38; John H
Peel of Berkeley, aged 27, to marry Dora
A. Austin of Colton, aged 29.
MRS. NATION WTLI, •>
SUE SHAWNEE COUNTY
Willing to Stay in Jail, but Objects
to Being Obliged to
Do So.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Feb. 23.— Mrs. Carrie
Nation threatens to sue Shawn ee 'County
for damages for keeping her in Jail in
Topeka. Mrs. Nation said to-day:
"If I am not released immediately I will
sue. The public knows, the officers of the
law know I am confined illegally. Per
sonally I prefer to stay In jail. I need
rest. I desire quiet for a little while. It
Is pleasant where I am. But I will not
permit that the county shall confine me
in jail on a charge of violating the law.
I shall sue the county for heavy dam
ages. On February 26 I am billed for a
lecture, and about the same time I am
to edit a paper in Peoria, 111. For the
money that has been promised me for
these services I shall suo tho county."
Several persons, among them her broth
er, offered to provide bail, but Mrs. Na
tion refused it.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 23.— Joseph H. Cole, a
blacksmith of Santa Clara, committed
suicide this morning by jumping from the
third story of the New York Exchange
Hotel annex at the corner of First and
St. John streets. He struck head first on
the pavement, about fifty feet below,
and his skull and face were crushed.
Death was Instantaneous. .
On Cole's person were found an empty
revolver a'nd a half filled bottle of lauda
num. Shooting and poison had evidently
been considered in his plans for self-de
struction, and at the last moment he had
decided on Jumping from the window
Cole, who was 60 years of age and un
married, engaged a room at the New
York Exchange at 3 o'clock yesterday
afternoon.. He said he was tired and
wanted to go to his room. He was shown
to a room on the third floor. Cole removed
his outer clothing and . neatly folded it
on a chair in the room and walked tha
flo ,°J r ,, th . e £T eat *£ p^ rt of the n 'eht and
talked to himself. Occupants of tho ad
Joining rooms were disturbed. Toward
morning he became quiet.
As nearly as can be ascertained. Cole
raised the*. window of his room facinc on
St. John street shortly before 6 o'clock
climbed out on the sill of the window and
hurled himself to the ground. He fell nn
his head and shoulders. n
Cole had been a resident of Santa
Clara for years; but fflr some time had
been a sufferer from rheumatism in
health caused his despondency. In Cole's
pocket was a letter to his brother, George
Cole of San Juan. It was dated Novem
ber 2 last, but had never been mailed in
it he asked his brother to pay Mrs. r" m
Kelfer $50 he owed her for board and $50
each to Edna, Laura and Dolly Keifer
her children, for kindnesses extended to
him. He complained of being ill.
Cole was a member of the Ancient Or*
der of United Workmen and had an in
surance policy in that order for $2000
Plunges Head Foremost From tha
Third Story of a San Jose
Hotel and Is Instantly
Killed; .
Santa Clara Blacksmith
Commits a Tragic
LEAPS TO DEATH
FROM A WINDOW
their full affiliation with the workers of
the United States.
"If we here realize that organization is
good and essential for the promotion of
the wage-worker's interests and benefi
cent for all people, you also must conu»
to the conclusion that workers of Amer
ica, no matter where they may be located.
should unite and federate their interests
and thus make common cause for the
abolition for such wroncs which may
exist and the attainment of such rights
to which we are all entitled. With th's
object in view we freely ask you to cor
respond with this office upon any matter
of Interest to Porto Rlcan workmen or in
any way which will bring about their or
ganization and their attachments as un
ions to their respective national or Inter
national organization, or where such does
not exist, directly to the American Fed
eration of Labor." r - ' .
It was decided that President Gompers
visit Porto Rico and report upon the con
ditions he found there.
THREE MORE VICTIMS
OF DENVER ASSASSIN
Women Struck on tho Head With a
Club and Seriously In
jured. ¦ .
DENVER, Feb. 23.— The mysterious as
sassin who has for several months terror
ized the people of Denver by murderous
assaults upon women walking alone at
night has added three more to his al
ready long list of victims. All were as
saulted within a few Mocks of the same
place and within an hour. Each was
Btruck from behind on the right side of
the head with a club and all were uncon
scious when found.
The victims axe Mrs. Mary Short (col
ored), who will die; Mrs. Jo«ephln« Unter
ahrer. not seriously Injured, and Miss
Emma Johnson, who may die. There is
no apparent reason for the assaults and
the police are without the slightest clew
to the perpetrator. It is believed to be the
work of a madman. These assaults have
occurred at brief Intervals for about a
year and fully a score of women have
been assaulted, two or three of whom
died.
PROPHESIES DOWNFALL
OF UNITED STATES
Professor Wheeler of Harvard Says
Expansion Means the Ituin of
the Nation.
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. Feb. 23.—Profes
sor A- M. Wheeler, professor of history in
Yale University. In discussing the Philip
pine question before Yale students, said:
"Rome acquired foreign territory and fell;
Greece tried to become mistress of the
world and was destroyed; the United
States will fojlow in their footsteps if the
present course of acquiring foreign terri
tory la followed out."
He further • declared that the United
States could not with safety undertake to
enlarge its territory by attaching for
eign lands. He contended that the his
tory of nations was sufficient proof of
this. As ancient governments had tried
to get In power over other peoples, he
said, and had in the attempt ruined them
selves, so would the United States come
to grief. •
HA2TDSOJSE NECKLACE
FOB rwNTA NEVADA
PARIS. Feb. 23.— While Emma Nevada,
who Is going to Nice to sing In • "La
Traviata," was receiving the good-byes
of many American friends, a representa
tive of a prominent Jewelry firm entered
her private compartment aboard the
Riviera flyer and handed her a box con
taining a magnificent pearr necklace
worth a fortune. Accompanying It was
a card inscribed, "From an American ad
mirer, aged 18,» who will reveal himself
later if you accept this."
Miss Nevada declined the mysterious
present at the time, but it has developed
since that she telegraphed to the Jeweler
from the first stopping place of her train
a request that the necklass b» forwarded
to her at Nice.
AMONG the passengers sailing: yea
day on the Oceanic Steamship
Company's Mariposa, bound for
Honolulu, were the members of
a select stock company from, the
Alcazar Theater, billed for a three weeks'
engagement at the Island port. The com
pany is hea/Jed by Miss Florence Roberts,
and will be joined by Lewis Morrison.
.At the Oceanic dock. Just previous to
her departure, many friends gathered to
bid adieu to the players. The Alcazar
orchestra was in attendance, and to the
sweet strains of music the farewells of
Honolulu. The combination will open at
the Grand Opera-house there, and two
weeks from the opening night Lewis Mor
rison will Join it. With Florence Roberts
he will produce "The Merchant of
Venice," "Faust" and "Cardinal Riche
lieu." After the engagement has ended
the troupo will return to America and
make a tour of the coast.
In the company that sailed yesterday
are Miss Florence Roberts, Miss O. Coop
er, Miss J. Crosby, Miss L. Armsby, Miss
M. Howe, Miss Stella Rosetta, C. Axper.
P. Gerson, C. Montalne, C. Moore, J.
Morris and F. Ruddlck. . ;
the chappies and other friends were said.
Flowers were in abundance, and as the
vessel steamed from the wharf the floral
tokens almost shut their possessors from
sight.
The company goes to Honolulu under
the direction of Belasco & Thall of the
Alcazar. It is one c! the most complete
of traveling organizations and carries
seventy-three tons of scenery and para
phernalia. In the repertoire are included
"Sappho." "Nell Gwynne," "The Country
Girl." "The Girl I Left Behind Me,"
"Madam© Butterfly" and "Camille"
"Sappho" will be the opening piece at
FLORENCE ROBERTS AND THE ACTRESSES AND ACTORS NOW ON THEIR WAY WITH HER TO HONOLU
LU FORMED THE CENTER QF ATTRACTION AT THE OCEANIC DOCK YESTERDAY WHEN THE MARI
POSA WAS GETTING READY TO SAIL.
Florence Roberts and Other Players Sail on Mariposa for
Honolulu, Where They Will Fill a Three Weeks'
Engagement — Lewis Morrison Is to Join Troupe Later
Somewhere on the high seas between
San Francisco and Tahiti Tax Collector
J. Harry Scott Is rubbing his hands in
glee and chuckling to himself,, while
Mayor Phelan is taking an Invoice of his
stock of gold bricks. The Mayor does not
quite realize, perhaps, that he has been
outmaneuvexed by the Tax Collector.
Meanwhile - eleven applicants who have
satisfactorily passed all of the require
ments of the civil service examination of
December 4 last are without positions as
deputies in the Tax Collector's office.
There were fifteen and they were all
Phelan men with ihe exception of four.
Of these latter George A. McCalvy, 43
Van Ness avenue, is as yet the only Re
publican without the fold. The others,
Ben I. Salomon, Joseph K. Jones and
James \V. McCabe. are numbered among
'the old Republican attaches of Tax Col
lector Scott's office. The remaining eleven
aspirants are the Phelan Democrats,
whom Collector Scctt has so adroitly
duped.
Scott refused at first, as will bs re
membered, to accept the men certified by
the Civil Service Commission, but after
some court proceedings and a threat of
removal from office by the Mayor agreed
to appoint them.
Together with his wife Tax Collector
Scott sailed at noon of February 11 on the
steamer Australia. At 11:40 o'clock on
that day, twenty minutes before the hour
of the steamer's departure, he notified
the Civil Service Commission that he
would accept the names of the fifteen ap
plicants who had passed the required ex
amination for deputies in his otllce. But
he did not notify the Auditor, so that
their names might be placed on the pay
rolls; and the unlucky fifteen applicants
for the offices, to which they claim to bo
rightfully entitled by reason of their
passing the civil service examination, are
whistling for their Jobs.
To the County Clerk is delegated the
power of swearing in the appointees, but
as their names were not handed to tho
Auditor by Collector Scott they cannot
be placed on the salary list.
During the absence of the Tax Collector
the curious ones are asking who Is In
charge of his office. The Mayor would
doubtless like much to know who has the
authority to sign Collector Scott's name,
so that the proper steps may be taken to
elevate the executive's partisans Into of
fice. The supposition Is that B. I. Salo
mon Is the deputy in charge of the tax of
fflce; Morris Levy, chiet deputy in tho
license office, and Oscar Curtaz, a brother
in-law of Collector Scott, acting cashier.
Four of the clerks who took tho exami
nation for deputyships accepted clerkship*
instead, though at a smaller salary. These
are James Citron. 1507 Masonic avenue;
Frederick H. Stahle, 64 Oak street: Frank
R. Smith. 22S9 Howard street, and James
B. Cowden, 2098 Green sfset.
Among the friends of the Mayor singled
out for especial favoritism are Edwin B.
Trlpp, who was formerly with Baldwin &.
Howell, and who passed the civil servlco
examination, with the rank of sixth, soon
after Police Commissioner Howell joined
the Police Commission. Another particu
lar favorite of the Mayor, who stood sec
ond In the competitive list of the deputies.
Is Oscar L. Tuttle, who was a former Au
ditor of Santa Cruz County, and who Is
said to have once .been employed In Maypr
Phelan's bank in San Jose. Both of these
aspirants are said to have been tempo
rarily promised places in Assessor Dodge's
office, or until such time as Collector Scott
returns from Tahiti, which is expected to
be about March 10.
While Collector Scott Is away the point
Is being: raised that the records as con
ducted by the old clerks are not legral,
thus suggesting; numerous complications
from that standpoint.
SCOTT KEEPS
PHELAN'S MEN
OUT OF JOBS
Outwits ttie Mayor
and Sails Off to
1 dill 11)
Appoints Eligibles but He
Does Not Notify the'
•Auditor.
STOCK COMPANY FROM ALCAZAR
DEPARTS FOR HAWAIIAN CAPITAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI^ SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1901.
25
O
THE DAY'S DEAD.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 23.— The President
to-day nominated Edward B. Anderson of
Utah to be Surveyor General of Utah.
INDIANAPOLIS. Feb. 23.-The Right
Rev. August BessonJes, Vicar General of
the diocese of Indianapolis, died here to
day on the sixty-first anniversary of his
ordination as ; a priest. ; He was born In
France elghty-slx years ago. ;
WHY IT CURES MEN.
Why the Frightful Tension of Strictore is Dissolved Like Sow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
1 We answer the IN TEKNAl/ DRUGGING TOKUDTTE3D
questions briefly. If STOMACH. The St. Jaraes treatment U
JrV>""r <^X you cut an artery local 1 , direct and positive.
/ * n >' our tLrm you do The St. James treatment Is prepared ta
/ ,i*m»*^« not take Internal the form of Crayons, very narrow
5^Jt» »<Sa0 medicine to stop tha Bmooth. flexible and wholly Boiubls, which
r^ Jj*Xy3& flow ot blood. YOU are Inserted into the water pa»sa*» at
C-l Jjt slBff USE LOCAL AP- night, where they dissolve and depoen th«
K Tg£w*W- PLICATIONS. Sim- medication In Its full strength upon tha
I ?? JL llarly when the ure- Prostate Gland, contracting and strength-
Vmt thral ducts become ening the <Jucts and FOREVER STOPw
Jgt /rVy2Ku», weakened and re- PIN& DRAINS AND EMISSIONS and
laxcd ll la »" ld) cu- curing while the patient sleep*.
-¦*Jftkn!f ijigjair ious to take inter-
nal treatment. VaTlCOCele.
which must pass through the stomach , » lvwww y'
and urine before It reaches the seat of Varlcooele la an accumulation of gtujj,
disease. The seminal ducts project into gish blood in the veins of tha ¦crotasv
the urethral canal through the Prostate due solely to Imperfect circulation, and-
Gland, and are easily reached by LOCAL has Its origin In a diseased . and torpid
TREATMENT. Prostate Gland. Operations la thli dis»
Dr. Carter's "Gran-Solvent" soluble ease are only temporary, and no m».
Bougies will dissolve, digest and forever chanical device yet discovered has cured
remove a single case. Gran-Solvent heals th*
__ ., _ _ . . . Proetate and restores healthy circulation.
Urethral Stricture u S^r^^°% gta VSi
In 15 days, without pain. Injury or lncon- healthy red blood.
venlence. The bougies are Inserted at . Thousands of men strict ured, weak,
night and act while yon sleep. "Gran- wasting and despondent were cured and
Solvent" removes every symptom of strtc- restored by the St. Jarne* method last
ture. leaving the canal as healthy as when year. A vast army of men In whom the
nature formed It. No BRUTAL CUT- light of life bas penetrated the fearful
TING OR DII^ATING. NO INJECTIONS nightmare of stricture and seminal d*>
TO IRRITATE THE MEMBRANE. NO cay.
Space will not permit a complete description of the tncompax- — g«t — — w
able St. James Treatment In urethral diseases. Every sufferer |r^ ff% W~ r*
from Stricture and its offspring. Prostatltis and Seminal Weak- M M j§ n g
ness should write to the St. James Association, 250 St. James K^ B«y kta k
Bldg., Cincinnati. Ohio, for their wonderful illustrated work show- am B iH
Ing the parts of the human system Involved in urethral ail- ¦ WHO M
ments, which they will send securely wrapped In plain package. ¦ ¦ K_ H
prepaid .....*-*••...•..»........................,,. ................ ..........
St. James Assn., 250 St, James Block, Cincinnati, O«. "Waterman." : "Stanly." "Marshair.' and
"Falcon" Fountain Pens are the best ¦ In
the world for the money. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.*3 stationery ' . department, selling
acents Tor San Francisco, •
tlons were made for removing large cor- r
tlons of- his skin. When, death came the
body was flayed and the skin placed upon
the exposed flesh of Sossong's body fini.
derrnla to the amount of seventy^Qv©
lncbea was thus transferred, and to th*
surprise of the surgeons It began to take
root at once. Then another man died and
the same performance was repeated. Vltix
y^TTI'r'T^^tirt— tfYMi?Bn fir1Ti-il--irii-rT I'lifti TTf*.iirisr a fc. ~- . • I ••»*• *
the sans© result. Soss>->ns Is on the road to
recovery .—Columbus Post Pr?s3.
¦ m •
In th« manufacture of a pccicet-kiitfs
In Franca twenty-two workmen are em
ployed for th» handle and blade, eighteen
for a table kntfa, nine for scissors and
six for razors.
Skin Grafting From Dead Han.
For, the first, time on record. skin taken
from a dead person has been successfully
crafted on to a living- man, and tn* latter
&jtettlng well. . ¦ .
The man upon whom \th« experiment
was tried ' is Nicholas Sossorig. . who was
fearfully » burned .with nitric acid some
¦ time ago. Huge patches of the skin cams
off, and the surgeons tried In vain to se
cure enough skin from living parsons , to
supply. the deficiency; so it was decided to
try grafting the skin of dead men. in th»
hop* of saving- the life of Sossongr.
One night, when It was seen that a pa>
lient in the next room at the : hospital
. could' not live but a few hours, prepara-
Sujts for. divorce were filed yesterday by
Tllne Haverty acalns; John J. " Haverty
for failure to provide: Hattie H. Roney
ajrainst William J. Roney for cruelty and
William J. Connlff acainst Rosa Connift
for infidelity. , . .
IHvorce ¦ Suits Filed.
Overcome. by an attack of heart disease,
Dr. Tlllle Dittenhoefer, ,a practicing
physician, with offices at jlO17 Sutter
street, fell at the corner of Taylor and
Sutter streets Friday afternoon about
3 o'clock and expired soon after being
taken to the Receiving Hospital.
• L>r. Dittenhoefer was a widow, 40
years old,. and supported her two young
children by the practice of her profession
since her husband's death several years
ago.
3>r. Dittenhoefer's Sudden Death.
The children of the Hebrew Orphan
As ylum were given an entertainment
Friday afternoon. One of the features of
the occasion was a selection, "Hunkr
Dory." given by the asylum band, under
the leadership of Henry Mauser, super
intendent of the institution. Those who
participated In the programme were: Dick
Mack. Professor Wiaiek. Johnny Delmore,
H. Walton. Frledlander brothers, Dulcle
sisters. Murray and Apel and Rafterty
and Dale. August Meyer acted as musi
cal director," while Archie L«vy furnished
the talent.
Orphans Entertained.
Parent! Gets New Trial.
Judge Dunne haa granted the motion for
a new trial for Louis Parent!, the Mont
gomery-avenue tailor, who was recently
convicted on the charge of having re
ceived stolen goods trim William Thomp
son, .a teamster. When Parentl was ->n
trial, Daniel Callaghan, a friend,, ap
proached two Jurors and asked them to
deal leniently with the accused. They re
ported the matter to the court and Cal
laghan was sent to Jail for five days tor
contempt of court. . In granting the new
trial Judge Dunne said that he believed
Callaghan's actions Influenced the Jury
against the accused and hence he was en
titled to a new trial.
A lot of different tools come under the
head of sin but a He is the handle that
fits them all. /
Tbcre % is much Interest in California at
present* over the preservation of the great
forest reserves of the State. The citizens
of the Etate are taking more Interest each
year In the National parks that have been
established by Congress and in the work
of protecting- them from depredations.
The most important of these' preserves
is the Yosemite National Park, and, that
this might be properly protected each
year, the Secretary of the Interior details
two troops of cavalry as a patrol for the
great park to protect It against fires and
against sheep men. These troops are in
charge of a senior officer of some rank,
who becomes acting superintendent of the
park. Last year Major L. H. Ruckcr of
the Sixth Cavalry was detaJled for this
duty with two troops of hia regiment, and
he established a park patrol that was the
most complete ever made in the park. He
protected the game on the preserve and
initiated several plfeees of trail and bridge
work that will be of great benefit tb trav
elers through this region. So excellent
was his work that a move is being made
to have the Federal Government again
send Major Ruckcr to the park, upon the
ground that the management of> the park
fihould be as nearly permanent as possible,
to secure the best results.
Yosemite National Park Ap
preciated in California.
"Work of Hajor L. H. Rucker in the
PROTECTING THE GREAT
FOSEST PRESERVES
mLL Is Quiet and there is not
even a ripple to disturb the
social calm that has set In
since the Mardi Gras dancers
bade each other good-nlghL
This calm will probably con
tinue until mid-Lent, when.
Jnforaial affairs will afford entetainment
for the faithful and tide them over till
the joyous Eastertide.
A series of three readings will be given
by Jennie M. Long at the residence of
Mrs. Jcwett, fiSl Bush street, on the even
ings cf February 25. March 11 and March
IS. The re-actings will include selections
from the Bible. Browning, Shakespeare,
Eugene Field, Rostand. Anthony Hope
and ballads and sketches, old and new,
from known and unknown authors.
They're Engaged.
Th« engagement is announced of Miss
Carrie Frank end Leon Morgen of New
W'hatcnni. At homa. Tuesday, February
36. at Vbt$ Pine street. ,
Mr. and Mrs. Sain Friedlander of 615
Taylor street will be pleased to see their
friet:ds on their twenty-fifth wedding an
niversary this afternoon from. 2 to 6
o'clock, at 1510 Buchanan street.
Th3 wedding of Miss Lena Lubosch and
San Ls.be!. a prosperous business man
of San Rafael, will take place to-day at
i: o'clock noon, at the residence of the
Irlde'h parents, ~Vj O'Farrcll street. The
young; couple wlli reside at the "Boston
«"ottage." West lind station. San Rafael,
where they will be pleased to receive their
rrior.ds on Sunday, March 10. frora 2 to i
o'clock.
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Leszynsky announce
the e!.page*ner.t of their daughter Kazel
to Gus Mersbach.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Abrahams announce
the engagement of their daughter Dora
10 Leon Juda. They will receive Sunday,
March 2. at £100 California street.
"Wedding Bells.
One of the prettiest home weddings of
tlie week took plave on St. Valentine's
day. the contracting parties being Edwin
Feisel and Miss Grace Ware, both <.f
whom have a l;irse circle of acquaintances
In this city. The wt-dding took place at
The home of the brlOe. 172S Golden Gate
& venue, and was witnessed ty relatives
end immediate friends. The decorations
of the iiome were unusually beautiful.
The parlors were adorned with fruit blos-
Forr.s an«i palms. The bride was attended
by l.or sister, Mrs. Walcot Durbrow.
Walter Feisd act^d «s best man. After
rr-ceiving congratuUtions the bridal party
left for thf-ir honeymoon and on their re
turn will reside at Z2& Spruce street.
Home Gathering^.
A surprise party was given to Mrs. A.
Koehm on Friday evening. February 15.
Bt her residence. 46 Grove street. Among
those present were: Mrs. I. T. Raymond.
Mrs. M. M. Reed. Mrs. Cora Wentzel.
Mrs. Lina Scholten, Mrs. M. L. Simonds,
Mrs. A. B. Kidd. Mrs. A. Asmann. Mrs.
K. Marshall. Mrs. L. Tillman. Miss -Violet
Itosevear, Mrs. B. Harris, Mrs. K. Hilton.
Mrs. C. Kruse, Mrs. A. Thompson, Hiss
t^adie Taylor, Mrs. J. Staples, Mr. Bos
frt. A. Hilton, AJ W. Buckley. Mr. and
ilrs. Waleh, M. Bcehm and Master Georgfe
Asmann.
A rnoet enjoyable evening was spent at
the home of Miss Rosetta Forrest on Fri
day. February 15. Tliose who participated
In the amusements of the evening were
Misses Rosetta Forrest, X. Estelle Keeffe.
May Healy. Jennie O'Toole. Essie Kron.
Anni- Buckley, Addle Buckley, Esie Wil
liaras. Anna Cotter, Agatha Cotter. Esther
Monticth. Jennie Hc.Uy, Lcretta Stanley,
Rose Morrls;on. Nellie Healy. Gertie
O'Twole. Masters Jack Ford. Harry Wil
lirs. Arthur. Moyce. George Battee, Harry
i!arkfi, Paul Berg. Charles Keeffe, Rich
ard Dudley, Tom Dowlir.g" Tom Curran,
iJan Farreil. Eari Wright. Tom Mahoney.
W'i'A Heinz, iiupo Shuseier, Melvin Mc-
Guire, Charles btricKland. Sam Johnson.
Vestley Craig and Evans lAlly.
A most enjoyable card paty was given
by Miss Alma. Naber Thursday evening
*.t her home. 120X Union street, Alameda.
The early part of the evening was spent
In playing heart6. after, which refresh
ments uere served. The parlors were ar-
Ustically dtcorated with colored hearts.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered
Miss Err.nia. Anspach in honor of the 18:h
birthday, on Sunday evening, February
7. at her home. 147 Perry street. Slngin«.
dancing and games occupied the early
evening hours. Those present were: Miss
Emma Anspach. Miss Annie Kober, M'ss
Mabel Packham, MiS3 Annie Miller. Mrs
Miller. Miss Mary Miller. Miss Sarah La
lie 11. Miss Viola Simon. Mrs. Snider. Mrr
Anspach. Mr. and Mrs. Peterson. Mr. and
Mrs. (JottBChalk, H. Jowski, E. George,
Jui!us Anspach, Will Anspach, Louis
Anspach, L. Smith, John Norton, Grovtr
Anspach.
Cc-cllo von Selberlich pave a muslcale
at her studio. Iti43 Polk street, on Febru
ary 13. !n honor of her piano pupil, Anne
Bell Bailey, prior to her departure for
Prescott. Aris. Among the quests present
were: Professor arid Madame Lsmare, of
Berkeley; Mrs. A. L. Barry. Edward Bar
ry, Mrs. and Miss Bailey. Mrs. L. Hulse
Mr. Bailey. Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Strong.
Mr. and Mrs. Levy; F. M. Chamberlain,
*<t the United States steamship AI
liatross; Mr. and Mrs. Mcilulle.i.
Mr. and Mr?. L. C. Smith, Mr.
and Mrs. Dunphy, Mr. Gllley, Miss
Anita Peters, Miss Beatrice Peters, Dr
P. H. Flood, Mr. and Mrs. Nunan. Mibs
Francis, Mls» Williamson. Mr. and Mrs
Cox, Mr. and Mrs. F. Davidson. Mr*.
JUnk. Mr. and Mrs. Russell. The pro
gramme of the evening was us follows:
Piano duet— "Ojos Criollos." Qottschalk.
Cecllo von Seiberlich and Anne Bell
Bailey; piano solos— (a) "Danse Ru»
tique," William Mason, op. 16; (b)
"Dream of Spring." E. Rohde. op. 122. No
2, Anne Bell Bailey; vocal solo—"As
thore," H. Trotere, Robert Dnnphy;
Bance of Scottish Order Proves
a Great Success.
Members of Clan Fraser, Order of
Scottish Clans, with their wives and
svreethearts. rilled Scottish HaJl Frlday
night, the occasion being the tenth an
nual entertainment and dance of the
clan. It Mas one of the most enjoyablo
affairs of the kind held by the clan and
its success was due chiefly to the recep
tion committee, composed of G. G. Gll
lespie, chairman, M. L. Crowe, Walter
Reed, William Harrower, Charles Adams
and James Drever.
Chief William Rae presided and .made a
few introductory remarks, explaining the
objects of the order. Following is the pro
gramme:
Sorga by D. M. Lawrence, vho took the
place of Robert Lloyd, Mrs. M. McOUde,' Alfred
Wllkle and Mrs. Eva Tenny; bagpipe selec
tions, by Tevendale and Ross; overture, by
Fairgrleve's orchestra, and' the "Reel o' Tul
loch." with torches and specialties, by Profes
sor P. D. KJndlay and pupils.
Rev. William Rader delivered an Inter
esting address on "The American Scot."
After the literary programme was con
cluded dancing: was begun and kept up
for several hours.
Tenth Annual Entertainment and
CLANSME1T GATHEH
FOB RECBEATIO:
IN SOCIETY
piano solos— Ca) "Mazurka." M. Moszkow
*kl. op. 3S, No. S: tb) "Berceuse." Anno
Bell Bailey; vocal " solos — (a) ¦ "A • May
Morning," L.. Denza;_(b) "Rltournelle,"
Chaininade, Cecils -von Seiberllch; plan »
duet— "Zehn Madchen und kein Mann,"
P. von Suppe, Ceclle von Seiberlich- and
Anne Boll Bailey; vocal solo — "Mine Al
ways," H. Houseley, Robert Dunphy;
piano solo, Scherzino. C. Mayer, op. S30,
No. 7, Anne Bell Bailey.
Mrs. John T. Dare's t^a of Thursday,
the 14th. was a most delightful affair. Her
home was very prettily decorated to suit
the day, which was St. Valentine's. She
*a* assisted by Mrs. George W. Smith,
Mrs. Andrew, Mrs. F. G. Romaine, Mrs.
Oachot, Miss L. Wainwright, Miss Ro
malne, Miss Vechti, Miss Rice, Miss Anna
Romaine, Mi&s Dora Smith, Miss Alice
Romaine. Miss Pansy Burgess, Miss
Ee-rtha Romaine and Miss Virginia Dare.
Mrs. T. K. Jones and sister. Miss Cax
mina Iluggan, entertained a party of
musical friends at their rooms on Bush
street last Sunday evening in hanor of
the talented young singer, Harryl Wood
Brown. Those present were: Mrs. T. E.
Jones, Mrs. Dr. Gaynor and Miss Kitty
Dwyer of Eureka, Mrs. K. R. PIver, Mrs.
E. Fredericks. Miss Gertrude 1. Ingham,
Miss Gladys PIver. Miss HartnetU Miss
Kempston. Miss Carmina Huggan,
Messrs. Harry Wood Brown, Garner S.
Stenhouse. Stafford P. Walsh. Miller Up
son, D. Tracy Berry. A. S. Weaver, A. G.
Langenberger and J. Wior. Those who
pang were: Harry Wood Brown. Miss
Irgham, Miss Piver, Miss Dwyer, Mr.
Stenhousa and Mr. Walsh.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered
to Miss Pearl Brysen last Saturday even-
Ing at her home. 2426 Mission street. The
evening was spent In songs, recitations,
dancing and games. At midnight refresh
ments were served, after xrhlch dancing
continued until the wee sma' hours. Those
present were: The Misses Peary Bryson,
Mav McXamara, Lulu Berbaun. Marguer
lto McDonald. LJllie WIcht, Carry Ander
son, Hazel Simpson. Josie Rahlves. Lot
tie Davidson. Florence Dunn, I^ita Stout,
Alma Volght, Elsio Voight and Emilia
Krenr, Messrs. George Parker, Harry
Harris. Philip Zwerin. Carl Crancr.
Thomas Curtin, U'alter Harrlman. Billy
Williams. Eddie Bdlln. Kddie Jacobs.* Jack
Boreham, Max Haniingay, Charles* Glee
son, Louis Wetzf-1 and Lloyd Lovejoy.
A very enjoyr.ble sun^rise party was
tendered Miss Cecilia Jackson at her resi
dence, 32S Fremont street, on last Satur
day evening. The house was beautifully
deeorated for the occasion. Music, danc
ing and games wore Indulged in till mid
night, when a sumptuous repast was p:ir
taken of. Among those present, were:
Mrs. Jackson. Mrs. Strong, Miss Cecilia
Jackson, Frances Clark. Rirdie Hood.
Mercedes Jackson. Clara Hood. Kmlly
Clark. Kate DaJy. Mary Ihnna, Nellie
Jackson, Carrie Hall, Emma Eftes. Julia
English. Clara Westerbce. Lizzie Tuns.
Ella Gordon. Mazy Daly. Annie Sharkoy,
Agnes George; Messrs. William Sulllvah.
Miles Jackson. William Brush. John Col
lins, Eugene Pratt. Lawrence Jackson,
Steve Reilly. Jack Keating. George Good
win, Joe Roberts. Joe Reilly. Charles
Lfavy, Willie Beasly. Jack Creetlon. Ed
ward Kane, Walter . RelUy, Joe Ken ting.
Mr. McPike. Dr. Alexandria, Fred Korte,
Sam Messcth.
Mr. and Mrs. William H. Hammer de
lightfully entertained at dinner on Wash
ington's birthday the following guests:
Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Yurk. Mr. and Mrs.
William F. Mau, Mr. and Mrs. J. S. An
drews. Mr. nnd Mrs. E. A. Barnes and
Mr. and Mrs. G«*orse W. Reed.
Miss Mabel O'Connor gave a bonhnn
party Friday evening. February 13, at her
residence. S442 Nineteenth street. Games
and music prevailed until a late hour.
Among those present were: Misses B.
Phillips. C. Purcell, C. Kaufman. L. Riley
R. Eaclgalupi. E. Clark. C. Domontelle
L. CrooRer. A. Barthold. E. WJlcox. C*
Janes. G. Morris. H. Moore and M. O'Con
nor, and Messrs. R. Seaman. Clarke. H.
Bray. C. Foley, G. Kelso. F. Barthold, C.
Scanlan. E. La Valle. P. Baclgalupl, J.
O'Connor. A. Gould. G. Drummond, P.
Scanlan and G. Gladwin.
Club Parties.
The Whist Club Bohemia was enter
tained on last Tuesday evening at the
Lome of Miss Sophie Asraus, 835 Fillmoro
street. Prizes were won by Mrs. Joseph
Quadt and Mr. Fenstermacher.
The fourth assembly of the Los Amigos
Cotillon, which took place on Saturday
evening. February 16, was a very enjoya
ble affair. L. E. Delano acted as floor
manager and was assisted by F. Hall.
Among those present were: Robert Moo
ney, J. Frisbee. B. Jones. I* H. Stewart,
Howard Van Kirk, Alan W. Maglnis. J.
Baptista, Harry Jarmen, J. C. Allen. Earl
Karhart, A. Good, G. G. Frisbee. Con
Hall. R. Gurney, J. F. Hosken. James
W hlte. M. Cutten, Frank Bauer, V. J. La
mott. R. Schord. J. C. Bauer, W M
Jones. F. M. Madden. Dr. C. J. Perry a!
W. DoIIard. II. S. Johnson. P. C. Wind
ham, E. Davis, W. Thompson, Dr. F. Gru
nig. F. Kaiser. F. Traeger, Bruce Large,
Bert Walsh. F. Alten, S. P. Rotowsky.
J. F. Cook. C. Lieb. C. Bretherick. E.
Bruntsch. J. Huslng. H. Whitney G
Tuska. C. Johnson, F. Kitzing, C. Ches
htre, B. Lowcnthal, G. Drummond W
Nicol. C. Duebel, G. Potts, C. E. McKln
nie. M. Horn. B. Conneau. V. CellBrius
F. Rodda. Fred C. l^yser. A. E. Sugdt-n
W. F. Waugh. A. A. Peterson, Charles
Travers, B. Perry, L. P. Inch. V. S
Walsh, J. G. Jones. J. McBoyle. S. Simp
son, H. Levy. V. Gruhn, II. A. Blake. L.
Hunter. R. Travers. C. Swindells, F H
Flood, G. Landers. J. Morgan, L. R Sa-
mish, P. A. Young, I. Helneman, Hj Mc-
Laren. B. Kraus, H. Walker, Sammie
Brodgen. H. C. Veusano. C. J. McLaren,
W. T. Gurney, E. Landers, J. A. Ormond,
F. Kolllnjr, A. Kuper, W. E. Schord, W.
E. Jones, C. Cavana«h, E. A. Blackmail,
J. I). Mahonoy. A. D. Lamotte. R. Ross,
D. II.; McNeil. R. M. Lieb, P. Heuer. F.
Trull, :R." Bunker. L. Waterman, Miss B.
Holmes, Miss C. Slmklns. Miss P. P.
Wade. Miss O. Hunsaker, Miss Bessie
Harvey. Miss M. Williams. Mifcs F. Shine.
Miss A. Shine. Miss T. Fahey, Miss IX
Conroy, Miss L. Buck. Mrs. F. J. Bauer.
Mrs. S. Brodgen. Miss M. Schlltz, Mim
F. Wlgand, Miss L. Van Kirk, Miss Tudie
Crooks. MIbs G. Sorbler, Miss F. Heyer,
Miss M. Cushman, Miss M. Hepburn, Miss
C. M. Keal, Mre. Hunsaltcr, Miss L. W.
de Wolf, Miss Myrtle Lieb, Miss J. Spang
ler, Miss G. Wales. Miss M. Herring. Miss
G. Uphoff, Mlsa O. Mowhay, Miss M. Con
ncau, Miss K. Murray, Miss M. Depue.
Miss L,. Ferrari, MIbs I* Hoanan, Mlsa
R. MacGlnis. Miss Belle McLaren, Miss
Mabel Barclay, Miss G. Van Kirk. Miss
F. Keyser, Miss C. Sorbler, Miss T. Cleve
land, Ml?« Halleran. Miss Alices Bell, Miss
Gruhn. Miss EL Rotoweky. Miss E. Hea
11,111, Miss G.'-Sc hen. Miss M. -Fltzpatrlck,
Miss E. Barthels, Mies F. Gruber, Miss
A. Ford. MIps C. Rodda. Miss A. Murray.
Miss D. Stiller. Miss Pauline Wade. Mils
A. Kncx, Miss E. Langiehr, Miss L. Hol
line. Miss P. Peterson, Miss E. I&o, Miss
L. Eastwood, Miss A. Mackenzie, Miss M.
Snyder, Miss G. Lane, Miss G. Bernham
and MIes L. Mausshart.
In the Future. t
The regular annual Purlm prize masque
ball will take place on Sunday evening,
March 3, at Odd Fellows" Hall.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Rhen of 2030 MIb
slon street will celebrate the silver anni
versary of their wedding on Tuesday
next. There will be a reception at their
home from 2 to 5 o'clock in the afternoon.
The Pacific Coast Women's Press Asso
ciation has Issued invitations for a social
meeting to be held at 1215 Slitter street
on Monday. February 26. The following
programme has been prepared for the oc
casion: Song. "The Swallow" (Cowcn),
Mrs. John Slbley; recitation, "The Race
for Freedom." Mrs. James Gamble; song,
"If I Were a Bee" (Gaynor), Mrs. John
Slbley; recitation, selected, .Mrs. James
Gamble: address, "Home Again. Home
Again From a Foreign Shore," Airs. Nel
lie iileselng Eyster, lollowed by a recep
tion to Mrs. Eyster.
The regular monthly meeting of 1 the
Native fcons of Vermont' will be held at
Odd Fellows' Hall on Friday evening,
March 1. The following excellent pro
gramme has been arranged for the occa
sion: Overture, Dellepiane's orchestra;
sptx-lalties. T. W.'Hickey; xylophone solo,
John Casad; reading, "Shipwrecked,"
Miss E<iyihe Crosett. Comic operetta in,
uiib act. entitled "Turn Him Out"; cast —
Nicouemus Kiiey. in the honey .. business,
J. C. O'Donndl; Mackintosh Brown, Roy
Barrett Kay; Egiantlno Roseleaf, : Wil
liam M. OKllvie; Julia, Brown's wite.-MlssJ
O. K. Johnston; Susan, a maid of all work.
Miss Ktta M. Welsh; scene— Interior or
Sunflower Lodge; time— The beginning of
the twentieth century. .Dancing will con
cludo the evening's entertainment. '
The twenty-eighth muslcale and hop of
the McKenzie Musical Society will be heM
at Odd Fellows' Hall on Thursday even
ing. February 2S. The following excellent
programme has been arranged for the oc
casion: Overture (Dlbben). .Orchestra; |
"I3Iue Danube Waltz" (Straussl&arranged
by McKenzie McKenzie Musical Society;
"In Beautiful Sevllie" (Bishop), Emma
Pipher; "It Was a Dream" <Cowen), Wil
liam G. Baudoin^Ti!! We Meet Asain"
(Bailey), . Clara Sprauer and EugenU
Breitengross; grand finale. "Ernanl"
(Verdi), Julia White, Charles F. Le Long,
Henry N. Wagner and McKenzie Musical
Society: "I Love- Thee So" (De Koven),
Lily Laws: "Would You?" (Schleiffarth),
Clara Sprauer; "Ecstacy Waltz" (Ardlth.
Minnie Schneider; (a) darky lullaby, •
"Yaller Baby" (.Anita Baldwin), arranged I
by McKenzie: (b) "Wav Down Upon the I
Suv.anee River," Paloma Quartet— Lily |
Laws, -Ethel -Carroll, Millie Murray, Eu- 1
genia Breitengross— and McKenzie Mu
sical- Society." "Garflen of Sleep" (Do
Lara), Master George Kroger; raarcn,
"Flag of Liberty" (arranged by MoKenzio
from Ganne's "Pere La Victoire M^irch")
McKenzie Musical Society. •
The first anniversary ball of the Ladles'
Aid'Auxiniory for the benefit of Congre
gation Beth Menachim Streisand will take
place thin eveninc at Union Square Hall,
421 Post street. ¦. • - ¦ ¦-; ¦
Sailed Away.
Among the passengere on the Hamburg-
American line express steamship Furs'.
Bismarck, sailing from New York the 12th
inst. for the Mediterranean, were: Mrs.
H. E. Huntineton, Miss Elizabeth Hmu
ington. Miss Marlon Huntlngton, Miss
Bthel Malone, W. T. Cook, Mrs. G. 11.
Haskell.
On the Hamburg-Amtrican line twin
screw steamship Pennsylvania, which
sailed February 16 for Plymouth, Cher
bourg and Hamburg, were: Dr. E. Ar
rnitage, Misses Ida and Kbba Foye, Mrs.
Louisa Schick, .Miss A. Hotiig, Mr. aiul
Mrs. T. Foster,' Mrs. l'ohl.
Personal.
Miss Kleanor Connell, who is still in
New York, has given a number of musical
evenings at her studio in Carnegie Hall.
Mr. and Mrs. Ben Schloss have return-*.!
from a pleasant sojourn through the East
and Europe.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAYi FEBRUARY 24, 1901.
26
6 GEARY ST.,
CORNER KEARNT.
CHESTER F.WRI6HT,
Boyal Worcester Corgft-
¦__• nttlas Parlors.
jtt filr.
NEW STYLES
IN
Straigfit^-FroQt
CORSETS.
Sapphire, Bon Ton and
Royal Worcester's.
PRICSS: $1.00 to $15.00
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes mr« mnorid by
und MttS. A. W. TRAVERS&. Dooohoi
bulldlnx. 1170 Market St.. cor. Taylor, rooms
.«-:». with the electric nc«4U without paia or
•car. Permanency rna ran teed; hours 1 to 4 p. m.
' The rrcataat . skta food aa4 tliso* bmidsr.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkle* bjr maldnc tt» skta arm.
It render* the akin soft ¦ -v --- ¦' ¦ - ; - ¦ ¦
»rnooth. clear, white and 1^
routhful and cure* Poison sMsmi.tW
Oak and Eciemi. It U a / JaS BHbbbbV.
liquid. Asy cream of th* 2KB
concUtency of butter will JH^BPPK^^W
itlmulate tho growth of nV'WBB
hair on the fac*. Brah- — *T?SbbB
man ToiUt Cream la fflB "fustsBF
caaxaaMed not to do so. SssflsV
Hrlce 50c. Brahman
Tooth Powder. £5o. All mfl
druffftau and at offlo* of -*~*"^"" > """ 111 ***
A. W. TRAVBRSB. U. D. Larft Itock alwa/ a
at J» B x Potu' Viug Co, ¦.' .-,... .
ADVEBTISEHZNT&.
Goes Twice as Far
as Lard or Butter!
IT IS EASILY DIGESTED AND
! ALWAYS CLEAKLY, WHICH
LARD IS NOT.
Wesson's Salad Oil
is far greater value than the finest im-
ported olive oQ and his the tame flavor.
Afk your fricadly grocer for it sad tire
good money.
I To N^GI'VflllS A Few Letters from V^omen. • |
I "I feel as if I shotdd fly into a thousand pieces ! M "I * d ° s °^^ hipg re f^-^ r ! C0^ e^ d ? Ilg y °dirmed£b2
Q '* Why, yes," yOU Bay* "Im nervOUS and UnstniBg, f&&¥ j*^. B^ by painful menstruation. The suffering' I endured ! !
H sL/o you khow wuctu majs.es you so nervous » vss^ »#*^ / *+ **»_, ah j «^ «-v«. *i-«+i« — . -**- w** a^u _ . %. i.
H " Oht everything ! I don't knOW and I don't Care What irav *** J done all he ccmld for me, and that I had better go to j.
B People do not sympathize with you," do they! They I mrsh.s.bau _j H s ball, 46i orchard St., New Bavea. Ctann, §3
¦ 'will. They tell you to" keep COOl;" not to "lose your Pinkham's Vegetabl© Compound. For years I had ovarian trouble and Hr
H " v ' j »» x it i ij: ji x << *j 'j. ' a »» mi suffered everything from nervousness, serere headache), and pain in bade tl
g Jieaa; tO calm yourself; to avoid excitement. Iney and abdomen. I bad consulted different physicians, but decided to try fl'
I will not understand that you are sick, and that you really Smle? *ts C iSe and now^m^eiin^Hk^a^fTTpersoo, phydeanv Sd il
1 "can't help it." You do not know yourself just what the mentally, an^d am rladto addone more testimonial to tho^aloe of tout . 'A
H ¦ '¦¦¦•v ¦ • remedy, -^xuxis,' ai. il. Xj£<VVxo, zios valentine Atc, Xrezcost, Jftw Hi
H has had no effect. Every day you get more nervous. You " " _jff¥$&S5£Tl' "^ " I^ 1^ 2 Mbs. Petkham :— Words eaxmot ex- h
a are almost beside yourself with every Bmall responsibility !^S^^^^^ derived from the ueo of Lydia e. Pinkham's p
Hm ¦ * • , th /j^ > .i>l. tr wc&K &UQ nervous, ftxiQ could \\ *jT*fHy • cftro for ttiy
trouble that makes you nervous? L.^^fe^T^J toWe Com^nd^dTcc^aWt f iSra V nf^ §
Don't hesitate to write to Mrs. Pinkham. She will "XthatV^ SjnSff&^SdSfS'kSS I
Understand your Case perfectly, and will treat you With Ptw^,^W#^ ?/ and wse your Vegetable Compound, for I know il
_1 ,..-¦,„ ,, J Kl'I^ '¦ i ™'*"«£3 it will cure all suffering common to our sex M — ££
kindness. Her advice is free, and the address is Lynn, {|mrs.m.m.boyp | mbs. m. m. boyd, La Due, Mo. M
Mass. NO woman ever regretted writing to her, and she "DeabMbs. PnnmAM:-I raflered with female weakness to years, I
has helped thousands: Her medicine, Lydia E. Pinkham's and^s hardly able to do anything. LydlaB.Rnkham'gV^e^le Com- §
i r ¦¦-:¦',. ¦- — Pound proved a great help to me. I am now able to do a hard day's work. M
Vegetable Compound, IS the tlUe help for nervOUS > WOinen. " 1 kee P y° ur medicine in the house all the time and recommend it r, 3
t. ,i n ,.,.:. . "„ -., to every woman I know who suffen with any female troubles.^— MEa la
It regulates the monthly sickness and overcomes all those LOUISA betz, hi Beech street, Pottstown, pa. m
uterine derangements that excite the nerves. This is . ;Deab MRa p,^^ m lon? ttae§ , tmSen6LMih I
the easy and the right way to get tne help you need.' chronic inflammation of the wombspaln in abdomen, and bearing down \
' -n 3 ,^ lu - • ¦». t v i / ti r <ecMgg- «*» Tef y nervous, and ao weak I
Bead the letters from women she has helped. j&tsSSss*^. was hardl y able to do anything. "Was subiect
tttl i_ ± nr tv i l. » y • a «3^S^^ *o headaches, also troubled with leucorrhcra.
When you ask for Mrs. Pmkham's medicine at your J|^ t|Il Af ter doctoring for many months with differ^t I
druggist's, do not be persuaded to take Bomething else said J& v^^^S^i^&}\^S'^x^ F
to be " just as good." Nothing in the world is so good for If "§S W cat f.°f\ y° ur compound was doing, i decided ®
• ¦';-• w w Ey immeaiately to gire it a trial. The result was I
WODien'8 ills as ' / \A *** ff aimply wenderfuL After taking four bottles of I
. A - — , f L y<"a fiPInkliam»8Vexetablo Compound, and I
" m '---mm'l^ mm mma-'m M v?«.r- K — Y using three packages oiSanativeWaah, lean say M
LUiiSS Em PiitrnWhant-S ICW-^L I^l*e«cw woman. I deem it my duty tb H
mmmmmmmm mmm m mmmmmmmtHimmm «9 ,0mfflm&£?5h_ announce the fact to my fellow-suflerers that fj
mm *. ' m m ~* ¦:¦->>¦• ( - - WWt WW&8 fe Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetcble remedies ha^e %
¦sFjjfc mm**&+* mm Md** M^JliUmammjfM.mmiUmJl3 Til Hi Hir Wmm ORr entirely cured me of all my pains and suffering" -
WOUOWOmViO UOntPOUnttm tM^HCN^ow -MRS, HENRY DORR, 7 800 Findley Street, %
•^ • '¦¦- :L'— ¦— — — *f Cincinnati, Ohio. I,
db Hi #% '^*k D CTlAf A D f^ *v. Owil f *¦*• ?£ th^wme gkeiJtical people have from time to time questioned E
I O w w W s»^saas&arl^^ I
A T^vt^TIfTRTWrrrlTa.At a meeting of the Steamship Steve
dores' Union held Friday night at 14 Third
street eighty new members were initiated.
The meeting, which was the largest yet
held by the union, was addressed by P.
H. Gulnn and J. P. Leary of the Labor
Council on the advantages of "the union
An application has been forwarded to the
Steamship Stevedores' Federation of the
United States for a: charter, and it is ex
pected that it will arrive shortly. Tha
union now has a membership of 4S0 all
of whom are in good standing.
Eighty Members Initiated.
LENTEN SERVICES
IN THE CHURCHES
Solemn Devotions to Be
Held in St Mary's
Cathedral.
2Lev. A. C. Bane Again to Preach
Against Ingleside and Chinese \
Slavery — Special Music
at Trinity.
The Calvarian Society will begin its an
nual eeries of Eunday Lenten services in
£t. Mary's Cathedral to-day. This after
coon at 3 o'clock there will be a discourse
en "The Way of the Cross," by the Rev.
H. Lagan, followed by benediction of the
blessed sacrament. The remainder of the
Lenten programme follows:
Mtrch 3. the Rev. Kjbert Sesnoa. "The Deao
lauca of Jt?su>"; March JO. the Rev. Charles
¦A.. Ivacim, <5:rector of Calvarian Society. -'Ju
<ias"; ilarch 37. the Rev. Thomis O'ConnelL,
"In th« Bhsdow cl the Cross"; March *4, Pas- t
'elen Sosday. the Kev. P. E. Mulligan, secre
tary to trie Archbishop, "The Accusers of
J«us": M*rch 21. I'alrn Sunday, the Rev. John
W. Su'.Iivan. 'Hcly \V««>k.'"
The Rev. A. C. Bane of the California
etreet Methodist Episcopal Church is ,
makir.g a strong fi?ht against slavery in !
Chinatown and the reopening of the In- '¦
tlCEide racetrack. These two evils have
received his attention lor the last two
Cur.days. and his denunciatory sermons
have been eagerly listened, to by large
congregations. Dr. Bane proposes to again
diBcuss both questions at his church this i
t-vening. The church has been crowded to
the doors at these services, and it is very I
likely that a large congregation will listen
to the well-known pastor to-night. He
will be assisted by Mrs. L. A. Kelly of
the Presbyterian Chinese Rescue Home.
A r.umber of ciave girls rescued by the '
rr.lsslon will tell of their experience while !
In bondage.
There will be a special musical service
it Trinity Church this evening, when the
following numbers will be rendered by the
choir:
"Here by Babylon's V>*ave" (Gounod): "Bow
I>'.va Thine Ear" (Attwood); "Great Is Jeho
vah" (Schubert): "Crossing the Bar" tStewart); j
"Pro Peecatis"' (.Stabat Mat«-r) <Ro«yini>:
"Haer My Prayer" iMendelsswhn). During t'.ie !
ofTertory Dr. H. J. Stewart will i>lay the pre
luie In C sharji minor ty Rachmaninoff and
Ca;vDCc;'a Toccata in E flat. The *olos will
be fur.fr by M.cs Millie Flynn. iirs. Eva Ter.
nejr; ilre. J. E. Birir.ir.Kls&ni and V.". K. I
K-e:st. • :
The Rev. F. S. Ford of the First Chris- i
Tlan Church vi'H preach at both services ]
to-day. In the morning his subject will ;
t>e "Life's Lesson," and in the evening
"What to Do to Be Saved."
The Rev. William Rader. pastor of the
Third Congregational Church, will preach
thie morning 0:1 "Compensations of Se:f
der.lal." and in the evening on "The Last
Days of Pompeii."
The Rev. E. A. Woods, paster of the
First Eaptist Church, will preach this
rn<>rr.ir.g on "God Within Us." and in the
rvcnlrg- on "The Judge Who Trembled
Before His Prisoner." The ordinance of
baptism will be administered at the even
ing service.
The Rev. W. C. Jenkins, pastor of the
Hamilton-square Baptist Church, will
j-reach this morning on "God's Creation," ,
h.rA to the evening on "Wanted— Men."
The Rev. Brett Morgan will address a
ir.Ess-rceetir.g for raen this afternoon in
th-e auditorium o* the Your.g Men's Ohris
t!t.n Association building.
The morning and evening 1 services in the
¦First Presbyterian Church will be con
ducted tythe Rev. William Kirk Guthrie.
K<? wiU preach in the morning on "Resist
Not, Grie*ve Xct, Quench Not the Holy ;
¦Spirit" ;
.The Rev. W. D. Taylor of the Christian
Cftholic Church will preach at S23 Mis
sion street at 3 p. ra. and in the evening J
at 7 p. xr. ?
The R-cv. Bradford Lcavitt of the First j
Unitarian Church will preach this morn-
Ing on "The Transmission of Power."
.The. Rev. \V. E. Dugan. pastor of the
l?t»?Tr£.rt Memorial Church, will preach
tF.'is momir.g on "Mystery of Mystery,"
fc^a'ln the evening on "How to Get to
•God."
The Lenten services were opened at St.
Peter's Church last Wednesday. The Rev.
Father Yorke preached on the advantages
to-be derived from meditation on the suf
ferings of Christ. He wU! during Lent
I reach en Sunday and Wednesday even
ings a series at sermons on the passion.
HSs eubj&ct for this evening will be "The
Royal Entry." On Wednesday night he
will preach on "The Last Supper."
Rev. 8. D. Hutsinoillcr. Dastor of the
Oihtral M. E. Church, will orea^h. tlva
morr-ing on "Some Rewards of Rf-sl ,
Work" and In the evening on "Good Phil
osophy and Good P*eiifzon."
. Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson Me
morial Church will tell his congregation
this evenine "How to Become a Chris
tian."
P*ev. John A. B. Wilson of the Howard
11. E. Church 'will Dreach momlr.sr and
evening. Kis sermon this morning will
t<e on "Ar. Es-sentiaJ Con<lltion of the ;
Worlri'6 Uplift." In the evening he w-il !
discuss "The Road to Salvation, for the
fipviors of Men."
Rev. J. K. Beard, r>astor of the Graco
M. E. Church, will preach this morning
or. "The Ministry of Suffering" and in the
evening on "The Value of Life."
Rev. F. K. Balrer of th« First M, E.
Church will be in Sacramento to-dav to
conduct cervices in behalf of the antl
. Chlne«e .slavery bills. Rev. Frack Jack
eon will orcupy the pulpit In the absence
cf the pastor.
R.ev. Milton D. Brick, pastor of Trinity
M. E. Church, will preach this morning
¦ en "Xo More Sea." In the evening: lie
Win epeak on "Representative Men."
Rev. W. M. Woodward of the Epworth
M. E. Church will preach this morning on
"A Liiinc Ever-Present Savior" In the
evening he wi'-l epeaJc about "God's Rev
elr.tlon to Men."
Rev. T. Brown, pastor of the A. M. E
Zion Church, will preach this morning on
"The Preciousness of Jesus."
Rev. E. H. Avery cf the Westminster ;
Presbyterian Church will Breach this
rnornlr.ff en "The Lord Our Strength and
Sor.g." In the evening he will discus3
'•Pilgrims' Progress."
Rev. H. H- Bell of the First 'Oiited
Presbyterian Church will speak this even
ing on "Rebellion Against Light," end in
the morning: on "The Chief Cornerstone "
"The Bible, the Lamp of Modern Prog
ress." will be tha subject of I>r. John
Hemph!ir« Bernirn to "he congregation of
the Calvary Presbyterisji Church this
corning. In the evening he will discus*
"Trua to One's Religion Amid All
Charge*."
Re-v. F. Vernon Joaea of th« Park Con
rrega-tionaJ Chtirch will preach this morn
fr.g on "The Works cf God Gladden the
Hearts of Men." In the evenln? his sub-
J«-t will be "Ga-therinr ud Sticks."
Rev.Georre C. Adams of the First Con
frrera.tior.al Churrh will preach this morn
ins on "God's Method on the Christian
Church."
"Christ Jesus" will be the subject of <!ii.
cession by the members of the First
Church of Christ. Sd?n«st.' this morning.
FIBE CHIEF SULLIVAN"
WANTS MORE HYDSANT3
SecommendB Laying of Twenty-Two
,. Inch Iilain From College Hill
Reservoir.
Chief Engineer Sullivan of the Fire De
partment submitted to the Board of Su
perrlscra yesterday a report on the water
eupply of this city In Its relation to the
Cre serviceu
The Chief states In his report that In
many etreets In the business and hotel
districts the mains ere far too small to
meet the draught that may be made upon
T.*-.pm In case of flr<». and that in certain
outlying, portions of the city there are no
mains at all on which hydrants may be
placed. He recommends that a large
number of new mains and 500 hydrants be
placed In various portions of the city,
pvA that a new 22-lnch main from College
Hill reservoir to a point on Valencia
rtreet between Twenty- fifth and Twen
ty-sixth, -where the present main divides,
be also laid.
Booked for Bobbery.
A. L. Northway. th« soldier who was
held up and robbed .by two men about I
o'clock Wednesday morning" while on his
way to the Presidio, yesterday positively
Identified Francisco Pacheco, who was ar
rested for carrying a concealed weapon
Thursday night, as one of the men who
robbed him. He sworo to a complaint in
Juc"ge Frltz'e court charging Pacheco
with the crime, end he was booked at the
prison on the charge-
ALIFORNIA CHAPTER No. 183
/f T~""^ of the Order of the Eastern
/( I - Star on the evening of the 16th
\V\j> lRSt - held a meeting at which
X^- 1 — / there were present nearly- 20C>
¦ r .- :•¦-' rnembers of the order, who as
, sembled to witness the inltla,-
tion of Mr. and Mrs. W. F. -.Bushlinger.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Chapman, Mr. and
Mrs. W. C. Dolling, Kathryn Kerrigan
and Cornelius. S. Murray. The work of
the evening surpassed any previously
done, that of the points of the central
star being: the acme of perfection. Re
marks that were made under good of the
order showed how much that work was
appreciated, and what the speakers said
expressed the sentiments of all assem
bled. In addition to the initiation, two
strangers were elected to membership and
four petitions were presented. Among the
speakers of the evening were Judge Bond
of Lakeport. patron of Clear Lake Chap
ter; Mrs. Maude Terwilliger. matron of
Golden Gate Chapter; Grand Secretary
Mrs. Willats and Judge Frank H. Kerri
gan. Mrs. Ralph Hathorn. soprano;
tleorge B. Ferguson, barytone, and Wil
liam H. Collins, tenor, favored with vocal
i-olos, and Mjss Esther M. Phillips and
Professor Adelstein gave instrumental se
lections. The evening was a pleasant and
very entertaining one.
California Chapter's entertainment to be
given on the nighf of the 2Sth inst. in
Golden Gate Hail promises to be one of
the grand social events of the season. It
is for the puroose of raising funds with
which to procire instruments :for a band
to be organized from among the orphan
boys at the Masonic Widows' and Or
phans' Home, the ccst of which will ex
ceed 1-300. The committee on entertain
ment, of which Thomas H. Browne is the
chairman, promises a most excellent pro
gramme. A feature will be Professor
AdelFteln's Mandolin Club of twenty
members. There will be a programme of
dancing after the .several numbers shall
have been presented and this will be un
der the direction of Captain G. W. Witt
man. •
There was a large attendance at the
meeting of King Solomon Chapter last
Wednesday night, including many visitors
from the local chapters. Two candidates
were elected and two petitions were re
ceived. The chapter has decided to have
Initiatory work on the first meeting night
of the month and at the second meeting
to transact all business, and then have a
social hour to be arranged by a special
committee on entertainment. On the
night of the Cth "of March three strangers
who have been elected to membership will
have the degrees conferred upon them,
after which there will be a banquet in
the main hall. After the meeting last
Wednesday night nearly all present par
ticipated in a progressive game of hearts.
at the ciose of which coffee and cakes
and light refreshments were served. The
winners of prizes were Mrs. Emily Lake
and D. J. O'Keefe first and Mrs. Sanders
ar.d Fred R- Drinkhouse the booby prize.
At its last held meeting Ivy Chapter
conferred the degrees on four strangers
in uie presence of a large number of the
order. After the work of the evening
there was a collation and dancing. The
chapter is making arrangements for- a
fancy dress party some time in April,
when several interesting features will be
introduced. . »
Odd Fellows. . _
Grand Master W. W. Watson, who, dur
ing the past week, was visiting in the
southern part of the Slate, has announced
the following additional .visitations:
Wednesday, Februarv 27, Morse' Lodge
No. 27, San Francisco; Thursday, Febru
ary 2S. Abcu Ecn Adhem. Lodge No. 112;
Monday. March 4, Alta Lodge -No. 20o;
Tuesday. March 5, Harmony- Lodge No.
12; Wednesday, March 6, Spartan Lodge
No. 125; Thursday, March 7, Occidental
Lodge No. 179: Saturday. March 9, To
males Lodge. No. 233. TomaJes: Monday,
March 11. Concordia Lodge So. 122: Tues
day. March 12. Hermann Lodge No. 115;
Wednesday. March 13, Columbia Lodge
No. 40. Alamtda.; Thursday. March II,
c diversity Lodge No. 144. Oakland: Wed
nesday. Maxch 20. Caiistoga Lodsre Xc.
227, Calistoga; Thursday. March 21. Xapa.
Lodge No. IS. Napa; Saturday, March 23.
St. Helena Lodce No. 167, St. Helena,
The celebration of the thirtieth anniver
sary of the institution of Fresno Lodjre
last week was a brilliant affair. *^here
was a combination of business and pleas
ure, for in the early part of the evening
the lodge Initiated seventeen candidates
and listened to addresses by Grand Mas
ter W. W. Watson and Grand Secretaxy
Shaw. After the closing of the lodge
there was an open meeting, which was at
tended by about 250 Odd Fellows and
about 150 strangers to the order. An in
teresting programme of entertainment
was presented, which, together with danc
ing and refreshments following, made the
evening a delightful one.
California Lodge No. 1 mourns the loss
by death of John A. Davis. Its senior
member. He was a member of the order
for forty-nine years and all but two years
of that period was with California Lodge.
He was an unostentatious member, who
quietly practiced the principles of the or
der, ever ready to answer the call of char
ity and doing all the good that he could
for his fellowman, but never seeking of
fice. He was a native of Louisville, Ky..
and at the time of nis death was in the
employ of the . Southern Pacific, having
been In the service of that company for
a Quarter of a century.
The Rebekah Lodges.
California Lodge No. 1 of the Rebekahs
had a pleasant social in its hall In the
Odd Fellows' building on the nJeht of the
leth inst.
At the meeting oi Jubilee Lodge last
week, the degrees were conferred on thrc9
candidates, who had been elected 'at the
previous meeting. This lodge will receive
a visit from the vresldenlot the Califor
nia Assembly on the night of the 26th Inst.
After the work of the evening shall have
been concluded, the president and other
officers who will accompany her will be
hospitably entertained.
The prize masquerade ball given by
Loyal Lodge on the night of the 20th inst.
was well attended by participants in cos
tume and by spectators. There were many
pretty and some novel effects in dress.
The lady's first prize went to Mrs. Winnie
M. Dowle, noble grand of Templar. • Miss
Dietz of Oriental waa awarded ' a" prize
for the most original character, and MIds
Rivers of Loyal received a prize for the
best sustained. There was a rood pro
gramme of dances and lots of fun beforo
and after unmasking. R. A. Daniels was
the floor manager and the floor commit
tee was made up of the following named:
W. W. Stocker. A. W. Tumln. A. W. Pat
rick. Dr. G. E. DanJsls. F. C. Foster. S.
J. Millett and M. Conn. .,,
President Mrs. Hoxett will visit Loval
Rebekah Lodge officially to-morrow
night. On Saturday she will visit Amity
Lodge and on March 6 she win visit Ori
ental Lodee.
Last week there was a special session
of the California Assembly in Fresno In
the hall of Fresno Lodge. Twelve lodges
were reorescnted and a' large number of
members were in attendance. There were
present Mrs. Hoxett, president: Mrs
Mitchell, vice president; Mrs/ Donobo,
secretary, and Miss Benjamin, past presi
dent. The meeting was a very instructive
one and was most interesting. After rth«
meeting the officers of the assembly were
entertained In a most hospitable manner
Last night there was a special session iri
Oakland.
Brooklyn Lod»e No. 12 of Ei*t Oakland
Is progressing In a very satisfactory man
ner, initiations not being infrequent
Oriental Rebekah Lodre will hava a
masquerade party In the banauet hall of
the Odd Fellows' buildlne on March 6.
Walhalla Rebekah Lodge (German)
has arranged for a first-class entertain
ment to be given in Covenant Hall in the
Odd Fellows' building on the night or
the 2d of March. The programme will
b<* made up of vocal and instrumental
selections, recitations, fancy dancing and
cakewalk, comic selections, trios, selec
tions by the Paloma Quartet, accompan
ied by Professor J. W. McKenzie. selec
tions by the Keystone Quartet and oth»!r
numbers. This lodge celebrated Its thir
teenth anniversary last night. During
the evening six strangers were admitted
to the lodge by Initiation.
The National Union.
California Council at its last held meet-
Ing transacted routine business, after
which the council was turned over to the
speaker, who presented a very, interesting
programme of entertainment for the
many members and visitors who had as
sembled for a sociable night. The features
of the programme were .vocal selections
by the Lincoln Quartet and a three-rounl
glove contest by a couple of scientific
boxers, not sluggers. In addition there
Tamalpals Camp some time since be
came aware that a neighbor was stricken
with appendicitis, and as ? It/ was 'a- case
of urgency, the unfortunate man. being
without means to pay for an operation,
and there not being time to call a special
meeting, the* camp officers- had him re
moved -to' m. hospital/ where a successful
operation was performed" and the patient
Is . now on the way to recovery. Th©
camp, upon learning of the action "of th©
officers, ratified It, agreeing to advance
the amount of the expenses, , which
amount -will be repaid • In small Install
ments by the neighbor as soon as he re
sumes his work.
Calumet Camp at a- recent session Ini
tiated a class of ten candidates and. the
following., meeting night initiated five
more. . ¦ •
On the evening of the 25th inst. the
camp In Mission Masonic Hall will unveil
a new and elaborate stump to be used In
the work of the order In the forest. V The
event will be made the occasion of a great
time in the camp.
Head Consul Falkenberg will soon visit
the California jurisdiction. He .will arrive
in the State on the 4th -of March- and re
main until the 10th of April. < He will visit
all the camps in this city, and his stay
here will be about two weeks. On the
night of the 25th of March he will visit
Golden Gate CdmD., ., . ; . ¦<¦
Wdodmen of the World.'
Last Wednesday night there was a
meeting of representatives of twenty
seven lodges of Workmen and of two De
gree of Honor lodges for the purpose of
arranging for a family outing in the name
of the order In the future. Colonel Walter
Malloy was elected president of a com
mittee of arrangements after twenty
eight cf the twenty-nine lodges had voted
in favor of such a reunion: Mrs. W. Mal
loy, Mrs. Morrison and Mrs. Shay wero
elected vice presidents; F. J. Maguire sec
retary, and E. A. Smith treasurer. A sub
committee on transportation and park
was named.
Prosperity Lodge will give its seml-an
r.ual banquet on the night of the 7th of
March. This is to be a strictly invita
tional affair. On that occasion one of the
California pins awarded to the lodge for
having initiated a certain number of can
didates will be presented. At the last held
meeting five candidates were initiated by
the drill team. - -V
The San Francisco extension committee
on last Tuesday paid a fraternal visit to
Alta Lodge and had an interesting meet
ing with the members of that subordi
nate. A feature was the presence of a
large r.umber of old-time members who
had been In the lodgeroom for many
years. On Friday night the same com
mittee paid a visit to Crocker Lodge and
were well received. These visits have
been productive of a great deal of good
having aroused the enthusiasm of the
membership of the visited lodges, the
members receiving a great deal of valua
ble information.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
During the past week Grand Dictator
Archibald paid a visit to the Knights in
Grass Valley. He found them surrounded
by snow, but nevertheless enthusiastic In
the work of the order.
Invitations to attend the banquet to be
given to the representatives ajid officers
of the Grand Lodge have been sent out
and many favorable responses have been
alreadv received.
There was an enjoyable meeting on the
night of the 13th Inst. under the auspices
of the lodge in Fresno in Edgerly Hall.
Fresno, in honor of Grand Vice Dictator.
Charles H." Holcomb,- who paid it a fra-'
ternal visit: There were present about two'
hundred persons, including Knights and
their friends. The hall was prettily dec
orated with American flags and lodge em
blems. After the singing of the "Wel
come Ode" the following' programme was
successfully carried out: Piano selec
tions. Miss C. Talbot: duet. Dr. E. K.
Belfils and C. A. Tobey; violin selections.
Professor Wunderlleh; coon -specialties,
Mrs. L. Samuel McGowan; humorous re
marks, C. A. Tobey; barytone solo. W. E.
Motley; impersonations. Dr. W. A. Row
ell, and entertaining songs by little Sam
uel McGowan. Dictator P. H. Thornton
in a few well chosen words Introduced the
puest of the evening. Grand Vice Dictator
Holcomb, who spoke at some length con
cerning the order. During the evening
several applications were received in
cluding that of W. E. Motley. The lodge
then had eight candidates to Initiate at
the next meeting, making the gain thirty
in the four weeks past. This very active
lodge is prospering under the direction of
the following officers: P. H. Thornton
D.; Henry Weber. V. D.; J. M. Bostick,
A. D.: C. Alward Tobey, R.; S. Moral F
R.; R. H. Osborne, T.; H. V. Warner. G •
W. A. Rowell, C; W. Burban, G.; E. A.
Petty, E.: C. K. Belfils. O. The enter
tainment was under the direction of P H
Thornton, C. A. Tobey. W. A. Rowell. E.
G. Smith and L. C. Smith.
Knights of i Honor.
More than .two thousand persons hon
ored the invitations issued by Court
Southern Heights No. 1150. I. O. F., to
attend the grand entertainment and
danoe given in Odd Fellows' Hall on the
night of the 21st inst. The hall was elab
orately decorated, the entertainment was
of a I high class and .the programme of
dances was well arranged. As an intro
duction there were remarks upon the or
<ler and Its objects by High Chief Ranger
CJ. A. McElfresh. Then followed an hour
of* fun and minstrelsy by the Columbian
Minstrel Company under the direction of
W.. W. -Brackett. with George Cheney, as
Interlocutor. The function was under the
direction of the following named, whp
composed the several committees: Wil
liam Stewart. H. M. 1 Kelly, T..R. Hamil,
ton, Thomas iLongworth. G. G. Anderson.
B. Hed strom. George Bushby, William
Innis. B. McDonald, P. J. Cotton. J. >W.
Hamilton. Hugh Duff. Robert Glllanders,
William E. Roberts, T. P. Jarvls, Guy
Barry. George Symon."'C. "H. Kcster, .A.
C. Fulton, James Greig and R.' Rintoul. >
A new court named Century has been
instituted at uolden Gate 'with twenty
charter members.
The Ancient Order of Foresters is pre
paring for its nex'z grand -picnic. John
Falconer has been elected president of the
picnic committee; S. J. Severance, vice
president: Max Boehm, . secretary; F.,
Beutler, treasurer; • J. H.- Duncan, ser
peant-at-orms. The picnic will be held at
Schuetzen Park on the 3Uth of May.
Court Ycrba Buena will have an inter
esting meeting on the night of the, 5th. of
March.
High Chief Ranger McElfresh was in
this city last week and during his stay
here visited a number of the local , courts.
On Tuesday night he was with Courts
Southern Heights and YerbaBuena.. On
Wednesday night ho delivered. an address
in Odd Fellows' Hall at the entertainment
given by Court Southern Heights.^ He will
make a tour of visitations in the north
ern part of the State before he returns
to this city.. :
Independent Order of Foresters.
San Francisco Lodge now has a mem
bership of 140," and it proposes to win a
priza offered by the Supreme Office 6f
$100 and a banquet to the lodge members,
including the new ones, if the membership
is increased to 250 within a stated time.
For this purpose the lodge has been di
vided into two companies, and each com
pany will strive to win the prize.
S. C. Wallis; for many years grand re
corder, "of the- Chosen Friends, has been
appointed State organizer for the Order
of United Moderns. ' Last week he or
ganized his first lodge In this city with
forty-four charter members. The officers
elected for the first term are: S. C.^Wal
lis, past councilor; W. N. Brunt, coun
cilor; F. A. Taylor,, regent;.. Mrs. . P.
Stephenson, 'orator ; W.\E.' Bbyer, > record
ing and financial secretary; 1 A. C. Green
field, guide; Mrs ; ,M. F. Wallis, .'warden;
E.' E. Chessman., watchman; Mary Un
derwood, musician; J., L. CahiU. | W. v - J.
Taber and J. G. Wetmore, trustees. The
new lodge was instituted by Supreme
Vice Chancellor E. M. Elliott, assisted by
members of San Francisco Lodge.\ After
installation there -were' instructive ad
dresses by the supreme vice chancellor,
Messrs. • Harr Wagner, Baker and ..En
sign of San Francisco Lodged
The State organizer now has three
lodges under process of organization in
different parts of the State, but none will
be instituted with less forty-five
members. There are now -twenty-five
lodges in the State. "
The United Moderns.
A new council of the order was insti
tuted in Oakland last week. About thirty
members of California Council "were pres
ent, a ¦• .. ¦-¦ — ... ' -.'
were a number of specialties. This council
has discovered the secret of securing a
good attendance of members ¦ at each
meeting.. It advertises its' meetings In ;Tha
Call and: furnishes a good programme of
entertainment. • • -. *. - '. . . .- ,
• The First Infantry Regiment of the Na
tional Guard,' Colonel Thomas F. O'Nell
commanding, will give an exhibition drill
and a concert and ball in Mechanics' Pa- I
\iiion on the evening of April 17. "This, I
aside from the street parades, will be^the
first appearance of the reorganize<i~regl
ment since its return from the Philip
pines, and the officers and members of the
several companies are taking a greit in- .
terest In the approaching function: In {
1S9S, Just prior to the departure of the
regiment for Manila, the First had a sim
ilar function in the Pavilion, which was
attended by at least 4000 people. At;~tha
next entertainment there will also b"e
stereopticon views of the California First
in the Philippines, a review by the com
mander of the United States lorcesMn
California and a competitive drill by the
several companies for a silver cup three
feet In height. The affair is being ar
ranged by Lieutenant Harry F. McGur
ren, Lieutenant W. 8. Grattan, Lie'uten-j
ant "Walter Kelly, Lieutenant Joseph N.
Ross, Lieutenant Richard Callopy . and
Lieutenant Emil TV'. "Wehser. Lieutenant
J.-'F. Connolly has been made an honor
ary member of the committee. . : .- >
- It' is expected that the finding* of •; the
court-martial that tried Colonel O'Neil
last- week will be made public to-morrow.-
Battalion drills In the First Regiment of
Infantry, N. G. C, are announced as fol
lows: First battalion, Major George'Fll
mer, Monday, February 25; second, bat
talion. Major Thomas J. McCreagh. Tuesi
day,; February. 26; third battalion. Major
William. R. Robertson,, Monday, March 11.
Companies H, C," D j and K make up the
first; A, E, M and F the second, and B. 11,
G arid I; the third battalion. ;
Dr. Thomas D. Maher, having been
commissioned captain and assistant sur
geon, sanitary corps, has been assigned to
duty- with the First Infantry. ¦'••• ;
Private Manuel Roger. Company I. First
Infantry, having been tried before a sum-,
mary. court-martial and found guilty; of
neglect of duty, disobedience of order and I
conduct prejudicial to military discipline, y
has been sentenced to pay a fine of $lo [
and be reprimanded by his captain. ¦¦, . I
Under a new rule in the First, allv.who j
are named for "non corri.'J.- positions must]
pass an examination before the regimei.tal .
board as to their qualSdcaUons. The: first ¦(
batch appointed under this rule is made I
up as follows: To be sergeants— Corporal !
Robert C. Howe of Company G, 82 per. ,
cent; Private A. H. Kennedy of Company
C. 94: Private E. C. Stroth of Company
M, 81; Corporal Milton A. Nathan of Com
pany F, 8S; Corporal H. G. Stindt of ConV
pany L, 78. To be corporals—Privates'Ar
thur Galvin of Company D, 85V4 per cent;
John L. Sommor.s of Company F. 82;. John
"W. Little, of Company G, 95H; Budd Hop
kins of Company G. W'/z. and W. M.-PhU-.
¦llp5:0f.Cpmpa'ny>M, SI. v., -.; :
Quartermaster: Malcolm S. McNe.111 of-
Company- M- has been transferred to Com.-,
pany »I. •• At their ;owa reauest Serceants..
George vT.' Phillips and^James Gillies of
Company.. C and. ; Corporal, George* Atkips.
of- Company G:have • bten- reduced to the
' rank' of jirivaW' soldiers." ''• "*.%'- ty - . >'
Sergeant,' Jdhn'J^.Cavanau.' Company I",'
and -Corpdral- Neptune J. Malville> Com
pany D, have been appointed battalion
sergeant majors. Privates Frederic Bert
rand. Company A. and Alexander W.
Young, Company D, have teen assigned to
diity~i as" nxu'siciaR*. Sergeant Emil £.
Stroth, "Company ii: hcG D^cn appointed
quartermaster, vice McNelll, transferred.
Two men have been discharged front'
•Company A, two from Company C, one
from Company I,: tour from Company K
and three from Company M. The causes
were: . Removal, six;. good of the service,
two, and exempt, four.
2 Corporal -If. .E, J. .Fort f of Company -3
of the Fifth Infantry at his "own request
has been reduced to t*ic rank of a pri
vate. - . - . /„ - »• .' - ; "v- r
The following named have been appoint
ed corporals in the 'Fifth Infantry: ' E. A. -
Boas of Company A, C. F. Jensen of Com
pany C, C. J. Collamore and C. H. Fletch
er of Company D, and F. W. Rein hold of
Company G. V. C. Mattel has been ap
pointed musician of Company D.
The names of twentv-four men have
been stricken from ihe reEimental roll,
seventeen on account of removal, three
at expiration of term, two by. a two-thirds
vote, one for physical disability, and one
on account of death.
The members of [ the ¦ Fifth Infantrv
have evinced considerable enthusiasm re
cently in the line of marksmanship. The
match between Companies C and D result
ed in a victory for C by one of the best
scores ever mad»-!n the National Guard.
Companies I and B had a match at San
Jose last week. Each of these companies
has won a match In shooting against the
other, and arrangements are being made
to determine which --Is .the best at shoot-
Ing. Company D was pitted against the
University Cadets last week and D of San
Rafael won by seven points. Company D
will on March 24 shoot a match with Com
pany G of the First Infantry. - • . ;
Battalion Drills Are Announced—Ap-.
pointments .in the First and.' :
Fifth Regiments of ¦ %
Infantry; ' ;,,-
Plans-^Exhibi tign^ Drillji||
¦Ooilcert ''andy af" Ball ; J
¦-""• for !£prit; v : -*- v
FIRST INFANTRY
WILL ENTERTAIN
.. ¦ - . . .. " '. ' ¦¦.->-
THE SAN FKANCISCO CAI/L, SlT^l)AY, FEBRtJAItY-24, 1901^
Fraternal.
27
UNION COURSING PARK
..^O-DAY...
Sunday - - - . February 24th.
THREE
GREA T
STAKES
CALIFORNIA PLATE,
BELLE BRANDON CUP,
RESERVE STAKE.
$3000 kg. S3000
MUSIC BY VON DER MEHDEN'S
i BAND.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets M:05
a. m.. 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. R-turnins
at 4:45 p. m. and after the last course.
ADMISSION
: — ~— ~ — — — — — — — —^—^— — — — — —^—
Phone South 533
MATINEE TO-DAY & TO-MORROW (Sunday)
TO-NIGHT and TO-MORROW (Sunday)
Evening, last performances of the Great Com-
edy Drama, '. -^-
CHIMMIE FADDENI
fie« the Bowery/ Boy— CHIMMIE FADDEN
Bowery of New York Realistically Pictured!
PRICES S V '?' nK11 10c. 15c SSc. Mo
1 I\IVly J Matlneea lOc. loci 25c
NEXT MONDAY— Mammoth Production of
"THE GIRL I LEFT BEHIND MJS "
The Greatest Production of the Season. Pro-
duced exactly as seen at th« Academy ot
Music. New York.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
AN UNSURPASSED BILL OF
VAUDEVILLE STARS.
NEXT THURSDAY NI6HT,
THE AMATEURS
* —AND A—
LADIES' RUNNING RACE.
v ,;'"'\ Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
nil inr These hotels pos-
lALAUL «e«» the ¦ attributes
. that tourists and
Onfl travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location,
R D A Kl II Iiberal nianags-
UnHllU merit, modern ap-
II Ayr I A pointments and
rilj 1 t LOi P erfe c * cuisine.
" W ' *" , "» American and - Ea-
$311 FranClSCO. rbpean plans.
AMUSEMENTS.
Racing Monday, Tuesday,. Wednesday Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
• Five or more races each day..' .^
Races start at 2:15 p.'; m.: sharp. ¦ ' , i
• . Ferry-boats . leave San Francisco at 12 m"a.nd
12:30, 1.U30. 2,12:30 and 3-p. m.,.- connecting
wlth v trains stopping ¦ at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on - train ; reserved for
ladUs and their escorts; no emoklng. Buy your
ferry j tickets to • Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect' with San Pablo avenue
electric • cars :at Seventh and Broadway Oak-
land. Also ; all trains via; Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and - Broadway. Oakland.' These electric cars
go direct to. the track In. fifteen minute*.-*. -
- Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 «nd
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
RACING I RACING I RACING i
1900-WINTER MEETING-1901. ;
. CALIFORNIA aoCKtY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK. :
MECHANICS' PAVILION
16- DAYS -16
COMMENCING SATURDAY, March 2
Performances Daily at 3 and 8 p. m.
NQRRIS& RQWE'S
BigTrained Animal Shows
"The more I eee of dog, the less I think of
roan."— Dr. Johnson.
3OO-PERFGRMIN6 ANIMALS-3OO
The Greatest and Most Marvelous " Aggregation
of Educated Animals In the World.
TRAINED ELEPHANTS. PONIES, ZEBRAS
GOATS, MONKEYS. DOGS. ZEBUS
AND ANT EATERS. ... .
PROFESSOR WOODRUFF'S ?M>,000 SCHOOL
EDUCATED SEA LIONS.
The Most "Wonderful: Animal Act. In the "World.
A grand free - illuminated t street I parade will
be given next Friday night at 8 o'clock. Bring
the children. »
| PRICES,-' ADULTS,'; 25c; CHILDREN. Wo. |
QRAND' OPERA. HOUSE
THIS EVENING.
REOPENING OF THE STOCK SEASON.
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT of the" Favorite
Romantic Actor,
MR. HOWARD HALL
In" the Drama of His Own Composition,
"A HUSBAND'S HONOR."
A Striking- Incident of the Piece "Will Be Mr.
Hall's Entry Into a Den of Lions to
Secure a Lady's Glove.
PRICES— 10c. luc. 23c. 50c.
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c.
Good Rexerved Seat in Orchestra, at All Mat-
BRANCH TICKET*OFFICE EMPORIUM.
MATINEES NEXT SATURDAY and SUNDAY
SEMBRICH.
FIRST APPEARANCE IN SAN FRANCISCO.
SEMBRICH OPERA COMPANY,
Direction C. L. GRAFF.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
COMMENCING MARCH 18TH.
Two weeks, with performances on Monday
and Wednesday evenings and Saturday nfter-
noons. Six complete performances of Grand
Italian Opera. Among: the artists being Signers
de Lara. Bensaude. Rossi. Dado. Galazzt.
Vannl. Mme. Mattfeld and Mm*. SEMBRICH.
toRether with complete Chorus ajid GRAND
ORCHESTRA, under direction of S!g. Bevig-
nani.
Repertoire: "Barber of Seville," "Rlgoletto,"
"Don Pasquale." "La Traviata." "Pagllaccl,"
'"Faust." "'Lucia," etc.
SUBSCRIPTION SEATS. 6 performances, no
rf-petltions-$25, $20. $15, $10. Single nights— $5,
$4. |3. *2. *1.
Season Sale Commences Wednes-
day, March 6th. at Box Office.
Applications for boxes to Mr. ALFRED
BOUVIER, care of Grand Opera-house.
f&ftf W E AT R I? *A \
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY.
TO-MORROW BEGINS THE
NIGHT - LAST WEEK OF
"What Happened
To Jones,
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
OLYMFTA c'b'E^s*
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
IN THE CITY.
WILLIAmT^E BOE,
Presenting a Novel Aerial Juggling Act. .
M ABELTrUDSON,
> r In ,TJp-to-r>ate Son«. ..
QDERIT^VINCENTv
E lnglng- Character Songrs and Presenting New
v v f ¦>•.." J.:'. : ".; Dances. "... '.*/
AND'OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
: ¦ ' : MATINEE ' EVERY SUNDAY. V
— -AMATEtJ-RINIGHT EVERT FRIDAY.
;;.:; "admission free. :.
PT<3rWPR ? <? CONCERT HOUSE.
,; Felditl'*" 1 Tyrolean Troupe. Antonio and Con-
chlta Martinez. The Leonis, Rosco and Sims.
Ruth Nelta, Gertje Amsell and Hlnrioha' or-
chestra. Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
MONDAY, February 25,
SECOND WEEK.
"AMIAWIZ? I GUESS YES!"
. ASK THE CROWDS THAT ARB
THRONGING THE
*TIVOLI*
To Se« the Greatest of Comic Operas.
1 1 WIZARD 1 1
OF THE
NILE!
Book by Harry B. Smith.
Mnslc by Victor Herbert.
DON'T MISS:
"STARLIGHT."
"IN DREAMLAND."
"BEAUTIFUL ARIZONA."
"THE GREAT SERENADE."
GO AND SEEt
THE ROYAL PYRAMID.
THE FLOWER GIRLS.
THE LOVELY COSTUMES.
THE SUPERB SETTINGS.
Ferris Hartman as the "Only Wiz." '
"EootMon" Alt C. Wheelan as the King,
Evenings at 8. Matlnes Saturday at 2.
p^fc 1^. 25 and 50 Cents.
TELEPHONE BUSH ». " ; ; f
l#ULiUi¥lOlM LEADINQ THEATHE
EVEXINGS AT I SHARP.
Two Weeks TO-MORROW
Beginning, . * 1>lU IVIV^F YY •
"THE NEW CENTURY ACTRE8S."
POSITTVELT ONL-T APPEARAXCE3 HERBI
LESLIE
CARTER
AFTER HER LONDON TRIUMPH, AS
m m m Mmmi Jh\ Tm4 jT*Sl m mm
IN • !
DAVID BELASCO'S PLAY
(A Version of Berton and Simon's Drama.)
MRS. CARTER, by Special Request. Will
Play an
EXTRA MATINEE WEDNESDAY.
In Addition to tha
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
PRICES... JX 11 BO. «. 75o and 904
starting MATINEE TO-DAY
Pri^tf^ anXlcyrlUo ITO-INIGHTI
THE
VILLAGE
F*ARSOJV
A PLAT OF INTENSE HUMAN INTEREST.
A BEAUTIFUL DOMESTIC STORY TTEXA*
TOLD. ACTED BT A W ELL-B AULVCED
COMPANT. BPBCIAL SCEKERT FOR EACH
ACT. ENTIRE PRODUCTION COMPLETE IN
DETAIL.. THE CROWNINO DRAJXATIO
SUCCESS.
——PRICES——
EVENING. 28a. EOo and 7?a .
MATISXB ............ISo aad Mo
NBXT-1CWIS MORRISON'S MAONIFICEN'S
PRODUCTION OF
IT AIIC 'T'*! Company and Production
rAUOl I Direct From N«w Tork.
Phone South TJX
THE BIG SHOW I
«{?£«=» MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT.
ALG. FIELD
GREATEM
LARGEST Tha most exbenslrs mtn«
COMPANY €nc , traT«llar to their
IN THE WORLD own ss«clal train of paUc*
and banrav* car*.
3, V -•- - B0 PEOPLE— ALi. ARTISTS. . _• %-
SEB THE BIO PARADE DAILY. U X. M.
OPEN-AIR CONCERTS Alhambra - Entrance. -
MORE ' FEATURES! MORE KOVELTIDSt
• - MORE) ACTS' .
TWO BIO SHOWS ' IN ¦ ONE FOB LITTLE
'MONEY.
.ETE-... -Ha lie. Wo and 75a ,
MAT lao, 25c. 23a and SOo.
Xext— "trNDER. BEAXED ORDERS."
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK. 1
Contlnnons R&clsr. Be^nnlns Monday, Fstr>
ary 1L X30L
SIX OR MORE RACES BACH WEEK DAT.
Six Stake Events. Three Hurdle Races and Six
Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF THE DAT AT 1:10 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets tot
Tanforan Park at 7. 10:40, 11:30 a. m.. 12:40, 1.
1:30 and S p. m. Trains Ieav* Tanforan Park
for Son Francisco at 4:15 s. m.. followed after
the last race at Intervals of a few. minutes by
several specials. Seat* In rear cars reserved tot
ladles and their escorts. Admission to courts.
Including railroad fare. Jl 25.
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWARD POWERS, Racing Secretary.
HENSCHELS.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
TO-NIGHT, SUNDAY,
TUESDAY. THURSDAY and SATURDAY.
AFTERNOONS. February 26th. 23th and
March Id.
POPULAR PRICES.
Reserved Seats 50c. Tic and tl.00, on sals to-
flay at Metropolitan Temple.
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, oa 11ns of railroad, tor
tale. Splendid ebane* for thes» about to
form an oil company. NEWTON, CAR-
MEN * EOMES (S. a MASON. tjt«t),
101 Chronlcl* bldr.. Ban Francisco.
Weekly Call.Sl.OO per Year
PRICES
"^ SAN FRANCISCO OMAHA
COMMENCING TO-DAT, "^ SUXDAT, MATINEE, FEBRUARY 24th.
VAUDEVILLE'S MOST PROMINENT H'AD - LINERS!
a^flOBEffT MILLIARD
- «> .And His Own Company. Presenting "THE LITTLEST GIRL."
|^r,;":"MR$iATHERINEBLOODGOOD^»^
JOHN LE HAY I I Brothers BARD
The Unique Ventriloquist. ' ' | | Acrobats of a New Kind.
— -A. L. GUILLE-- —
. ' The Famous Operatic Tenor. ".
\ Famous Parisian Street Binders s^^
DUMOND'S MINSTRELS
|AL and MAM'E ANDErtSOW i Ult Week , f f THE KELCEY SISTERS
Colored Aristocrats. J .. t In New Songs and Dances.
TH~E GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH
' Parquet I5c,. any seat; Balcony 10c: Children 10c, any part except reserved- A Xew
. front Orchestra Rows, reserved,- 60c; Front rows of Balcony, reserved, 25c.
(CITY «f A PARIS |
t Dry Goods - 5^^s^ Company, ±
y '"SPRING /QO/— ::
| BLACK AND COLORED |
I DRESS GOODS! :j
fPARISIANlOVELTIESJ
| EXCLUSIVE STYLES IN jj
! Embroidered RobeSvPanne Crepes, |
j Black Grenadines and Crepplines! |
i: THIS SEASON'S MOST FASHIONABLE MATERIALS. ::
['- 150 Pieces Fancy Challies, 50c to $1 Yard
i; CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, :|
* ; SB. Corner Geary and StooVton Streets, San Franoiseo. [ " m
'•• . *' "UlSIOM SQUARE.
. • . -. - - • • •
•• . - . . Country Orders Carefully and Promptly Filled. .. ••
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMTTSlTMTTNTa.
AMUSEMENT a.THE SAIf FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY^ J^BEUAKY 24, 1901.
28
BAA' FRAXCI5CO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets; open
until II o'clock every night la the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— JTT Montgomery street,
corner Cay; cpen until 9:S9 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until *:S9 p. m.
(53 McAllister street; open until 9:50 p. ta.
CIS Larkln street: open until >:39 p. r.i.
1S41 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
S€l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tn:-.: 9 p. m.
10« Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
2C35 Valcnrta street; open until 9 p. ra.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
turky s^trrets: open until 3 p. rn.
CUl'KCll M5IIVIC11S.
CTNTRAL KctbOtUlt Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion «.. between Sixth and Seventh— At 11
ociock I>r. K. D. Huts:r.p:iler will preach on
the topic "The Qrfat liem-axdi. of Worih."
and at 7:S0 eveaisg he uill preach oa the
topic 'The West PhlK'srjihy and the Best
Religion." Sunday Uible school at 12:45,
.. ..- \*. Watt tuperir.tendent. Young Peo-
ple * meeting »:1S. Seals tree and the people
weleome.
CALVARY l'rrstytrrlan Church, at Y. M. C.
A building., ccrr.er Mason aad Ellis sts.—
Jiev. Joha Ilemrhill. L>. t».. pastor. »tll
j-nfach at 11 a. m. and 7:S« p. m. Top.c.
moj-n:ng. "The RiWt.the Lamp of Modern
rrvfrress"r eteaine topic, "Trje to Oae'l
Re'.ifrlon Arr.td All Changs," a sermon for
urar.pers. Young men specially Invited:
Babhath school a:iJ ilr. Johnson's Bible cla«s
Bt 1I:S>. Christian Endeavor at 6:3U p. m.
Wcdr-csiay cvea'.a» praver meeting at t
o'clock, cordially welccmed.
riTlST O>r.£recsticnal Church, corner of Post
tr.J MJi^o:J t:s— Itf-v. George C AJams.
"J>. r\. pa»tor. wl!l preach at 11 a. ta.: theme..
"Gois Melted la the Christian Church."
At ":S3 p. ia.. srnnoa by Lieutenant Colonel
French, c-tsrrsar.der of Pacific De-
part w.rr.t of the SilvaUcn Army. All are
oordtaUr !n>1ted.
5KINITY Church, corner Bush and Oough
Bts.— TlM Her. Frederick W. Clampett. D. D..
rt-ctor. Holy communion t and 11 a. m.
Morr.tng serrtce at 11 o'clock. Evening prayer
4 o'clock. Friday rervlee for army and navy
at 11 .1 tn. Lestea cenlce every day tn th«
chapel u < V- d- The rector will preach.
EEOOND Uaitartan Church, comer Capp ana
Twentieth sts.— Uev. E. K. Dinsmcre. minis-
ter. Morning theme. ''Is Prayer KatlonalT"
Evcetag thease, "li.ey to All Social Prob-
lems." All are Trtlcctne. ____^
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
bl-v-k. S3 Sutter »t.. between Kearny st. and
<Jrant ave. — OT-.ristiaa Sk-ience Bible le».«on at
11 a. 2i. : subject. "Christ Jesus." Sunday
achocl for children at the eanie hour.
Vdr.esi'ay e\ filing meetings at & o'clock.
Kree refld:n«-rocni. IOo Kcaray »t.. room 510.
All ate welcome.
rSOBGAMZED ChSTCh cf Jesus Christ,
Druid*" Terr.rle. corner Fourteenth and Fol-
pcm tts.— lYcachir^ fit 11 a. rn. by T. W.
v'hatburo «r.d 7:33 p. m. by George Hlliiard.
Th'j church has bo connection whatever with
the Utah church, but Is the original church
crFar.Ued by Joseph Smith April «. WS>. by
c-\:r.<> iv-r-.n-.sr.J. It asks a fair ar.3 Ir.-.par-
t-«l es.a=:tr.ati*a and c^mparivn with Chr:st's
rt-.urcli. Mat. xvl:!S. C. A. FarVin. pastor.
riirnClTcf Jesus O.riM cf Latter Day faints
— Senices every Sunday. Sunday sohool 1J
a. rn. Pubtie rpeakins 11 a. ra. and 7 45 p. ra.
In K. of P. Hall. s*» Mart-et ft. E'.dfr CKUea
Kin:l>sl! i^f J?ait Lake City, one of the First
Seven Presidents of Sevcntiea, will occupy
th<« pctpit in the e»eclas. All welcome. No
» oQectlon. ¦
tl'Ht^AL g<^s^el rn^ciinjs at the l-.alL 17 C:ty
ila!l vjuare. rear Markei. this (Sunday)
•venin* ar.d earh evening this week except
M^ni*> anl eaturaay at 7:45. Special ad-
tfren w «.'*hrjt;an* en "The Lord's) Conitng*^
this (Saa<*sy> afterr.ooa at S o'clock by Paul
J. 2/ols>-a.uiL. Frer<*-h evarxge'irt Ir-.-vni New
Yrn-k. l-nd.-ncmlnatjonal. Iree.
niE Kirrt Mectal Science Ter=r!e rr.ee.ts
ex-fry t'uartay at U a. ci. In OvMlea Gate
lU'.l. C-> gutter sl t\->iae asn'bear C. H.
' Ix-tnV«rd. Oraed thtr.gs are beir^ coatem-
pratrd. luring your friends. Seats fre*.
rT*rA>SOFllirAL Society— Public lecture to-
r.ifht at S ociock ia Odd FVUows" bj:li:ng
ly a fyraposiuni: subyvt. "Man arJ His
IVv'.ies." Panfiay. March S. Colc=el A. S.
o:.vti «t Mytrf-r— ll'.u TeTnrie.
MCKTIXG S — SUNDAY.
PR. J. r*in*i:w KEROAN lectures this even-
-c aa) "Ir. visible cVganlc Life, or The iJerm
WTortff^ < :;:u?trate>l>. at Cry*tal IlalL rythiaa
t.'ast'.e. »» Market st-. fall. we*i by maxr.iS-
c»r.t \iews of the "Tasslcn l".dy." Free tick-
ets will be iUtrlVcted f.-r X-Uay exhibttioa
at fsritaruim. next Tuesiaj- evening. Seats
tree. J>o> oolle<n>«?pa.
I.— -mr: Awmkesiajr e£ thvSocl aad H:w I
5hsil Ks?w." ty l">r. Tunain. i»-zifht at
ti. O. Hall. Ci Sutter rt. At close of naeet-
irjg the elck treated by Zolsnc ani vttal eci-
«¦« anmrrr *r All welc^iee. Seats free. Xn
n.-:!ec-.i<>r». > o'clock. 1'acs* Poli ITTJ- Res.
!»n V«n N«j=s ave.
MAt*D IjOF.D Esr.AKE wiU g'.i* r^es*a*es a=J j
t »-»:». «_«fi5led by ilrs. n. t. LllUe. at Occj-
OrstsJ Hall. S3S Ijirkta «t.. tj-nlght; ai- >
k—yiVS. J. J. WHITNET: test df**.tr.«: Ques- !
Unas *r.*w<er*5: ae?rar»»; s'.ttiacs dally, tl. J
"** O r *~a^ rg ''-> **-? EUts-st. car^a-lsslsston llf. s
iZiJnl KINES" Spirt real Socle-ty. fr^ ilarket— [
::. rrtt-; I-*. l?c; « s»i ns»<:ua!s; ail tsaxcj I
r.-e w. '. va^; tr** r'.itfcrai. I
Mr.*. I>R FARNHAM has re<vver^J fr>ni her \
betrr-e l!:Er»» six! will licli a circle tiu»
eveiusg at J>13 EJ4y #t. |
KEVTAla fcienc* head^-arters ar.i fre« re*J- j
:r« roewn; cocr~i«Ilca tre«. 14 UcATiteter j
«... roust 17. j
HVn. YOt'JCiJ'S UBUllucteSC test eircl* to- ,
«S£t. i.5 McAllister; I*c; cri.=ai;cn; £.-• J
. (
i V. illLLrr. f tsxlerlaiixicx se»r.ce. | p. xa.;
.l»c. lt*« fefi »5.. sejir Leaveawjrth. |
BKS. n?tr.HAF.r'7- Grand test nseetlag to^ •
-Urfct. lie. r38 ca. bet. llt:5*.<3a aaJ V*ir==ts_ !
tins. r^?IE REYNOLDS: list saterlalirir.c )
»ei*-.-» ev». ITf Tay;^r St.; Z-Z cest*. •
A. raeeticg this e»*s:c«. J>c: *rtng ».•*>* <;•_*«- j
t:,-!T-.i or Scwrrv Sirs. TlUlashua. SS La-k:r_ f
a!HS. EVANS. » Eixta. r. It-Circle t>-dir. ;
:-* p. sv, l>c. aad erery erealag exc Thsrs. j
f\". GL Kr.".1AN i-.-'.l* 57. r- .:\jr>'. ~t*'-i^g every
rtgtit rirept 5*t_, 1>^ I«i Sixth, ii ?.y;r.
tll\S YIGAR'S rr!r*.tT»l te« =eett=« tr-rJcht,
Sir. \<S r*^. rocia Tt. s\::Uars daily. 1
UH5. -YVEUUdOVTH, »r-lrtt-ai circle tonight at '
*'. s.ir»i5».-3 Sc. US G.MA*e O«te av*.
MtH7TITmt _ r»lTcri« I Broth«rbe»4.
CXrVT3tSAL r*-«I>«?K>J<5 a=l TTsecoopatral !
Society >ace»-p>sJtt:c»i a=d -us»ertar-.ai.> Lc-if« }
X&. 7 wi*.: hold its puUic taeetlax tonight I
itT. Tv Kt: 1 , r.S O'Varren st.. I p. n., «-b- i
Jert. "Tta*e» cf late=*.7>eraac«." SjaeJakers ,
lir. Cnrith» and ilr. H.-M=sca: r=ssical ae- ;
lerticrs. AU tsrt-ited. j
— i
MECTl.NG 5OT1CCS.
5TICEKS asS rs*s=%eT» GoUJea Gate fy j£ '
E*c*je;-j=*=i So. 1— Yea are hereby y^
SJUlel to attesS » special *«•*.-: ;s A j
TO-rAT iSrXPAY*. Fefcnary tC al/^ \ !
: *'c!>ck p. =«— to attest th« fsseral cf esr i
la:e Fatrlarei. J. B. CHASE, ta Eacajc^- i
ra<=t Hall. H. C GtX>KGE. &rr;t>e. j
CALIFORNIA Lcir» N-x L I. O. '
¦ F -Slc=r*n ».:; r:^-; :a ti'.: '
fTXDAl. Fes. :4. at 1.3 p. = . I
ts a:te=l rureral cf cssr laie -Dj*«*' j
tc^xJter. J. A. J. r>A\TS.
O. W. PAKT-SON. X. Q.
r:r>ri^rT Loir* n> 2.1. ao. # 4»i:«-
F.-Zn::iax!^= MONDAY tVEX-^Ste i
LXG. Ketnsarr 3, ii-n. <
TP. H. WKCHHART. N. G. -^SrrJS- *
c. l. nruLss. n. g. |
A.1.TA Loire X"> rs. I. O. C. F. jbSSSSw. '
"~ -- -<. « nt»ay rvr.N-.Nv;.
Si. L. GROSSilAiC. X. G. **** |
XZJT TCLIONT. Rrc. Sec. J
B Ara« on y Lr*ar- s>. sx 1. <x va**>v *
t r - T-- -~ rr» a-*. :S f-- £>>c^Cc
tserai eeT2r=5rte» cf th« aNwt '
r> t -~ — - at Oid FV3ew»" Ra!L c-^ra»r I
Karket *2£ S*r#rta sts-. ca iTOXDAT. F»b- ]
roary SS. TJE!. at 1 «"cj«ck jt ra.. t« attend ¦
«»«e ' -~- r.. «f csir tote fcj»*i»er HENKT
FTCiT^KB. I*r «rx«*r «< tbe N. C
¦ GU& crA>T. nas-rjlal Sf =retary. '
P-«N TT1ANC:5OV"» Lolc* N\v J. I. ¦
4X O. F. — Tie cf2r»r» a^i '
a«r.b«r» are fcertbr actiied aad '^J*'*^' '
iw^iresterS tr« artrod lie funeral ¥ *^-v«v^
«T *«r Ur» trxaer. J. R. CHASE. fr.'«n ?^« :
fcatl rf th» Wr* it 1 b. TK15 DAY
CSV*NrAr>. F*i^=ary ;*.
r. n kecitm.oc. k.*~s. '
MASTEK ilart=ers" £x Ass.-riaiira
Pr*ci»l t=a«tli;s w!2 b« heW at ha" I T^> '"
S» Pert tt^ eCXDAT. F«*r=»ry 14. A^li>. *
at IZSt 5. ei. A'.l t=e-=>e2-s are re- ~~
<ae«i»-J t» V« pre»es; icx «i» r«r».\s* ef at- *
:c.-..ic :.'* fxuarrai cf ocr &kms»1 csxx^t* '
J. B. 4TKASZ. Ily erier cf tise rresiieai.
L. TSACXO. Rfc See. I
rKS .A«»>«*tlm cfKcistiBg I^giaeer* win I
sa**t gfVDAT EXE. FeN 24. a: SsEirs" }
CMBB rUlL j
•AVXCAL ile^z'r.tf—Tt- rerttsr a-.r=»l ceee- f
i«jr d tie ss*ckfer44er» erf tie Hjbj.Vs ;
l*^ST«Oca Oca;iaay -mta bs> S»LJ at U»» «f-
Rc« cf tie cjsc*^r. S7 Karsret st^ Sas
Fr«?!.r-*rs^ Cal. ca WT2?NEST»AT. F*ir=ary
rr. :-.:. at ta« tesr cf U s'cSork a. es_ '. -t
li* fas^om ci etf.sl=j a roa.rJ si flrectars j
tc rrrre icr t=e r=»=tsg year a-si ti« tra=»- I
•rtl?a <£ rara ether bus.*T:«* as csay ccrse t
tersre tie rsteOsx. TntrsTrr bcc£? wCJ cis»* «
e» > fi»t=Ti«T. rrtrsarr K. XX2. ax U j
» .:.vi =i. E. K. SHrLTVJX. tecrrtxry- I
MCGTI.\O NOTICES.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association
will hold their me-tinR MONDAY EVENING.
February ZS, at Firemen's Hall, 40 Steuart
St., at 7:30 o'clock fhnrp. • »
A. CAMPBESJU President.
F. E. DURHAM. Rec. Pec.
AGIC.\T5 WASTED,
THE Rio Mlchol Rubber Company, of Ban
Frnnclsco, Cal.. wants intelligent men to act
as its agents throughout th« United States;
must be men of chat-ret or. address and push.
Tha company owns large properties. >s out of
debt and tn a thoroughly sound and flourish-
ing condition. It has a considerable acreage
e!rrady planted to rubber and has a large
force of men constantly at work. It offers
fur sale a limited number of Interest bearing
r.rv! installment certificates. A comnaratlvelv
?mal! amruni Invested noir will produ?* large
ar.d steadily increasing Income -in near future.
The corporation Jnvites closest Investigation.
Ag»nts and interested persons apply Rio Ml-
chol Rubber Co.. r. 63-&.« Crocker bldg.. S. F.
O. C. C. DEPIhATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removing syperfiuous hair: will
not Irritate, burn ncr poison the most delicate
*kln; persona! demonstrations free; agent*
wanted. Ontario Cheia. Co.. agcy.. 42$ Ellis.
SAVE time and money by ordering canvassing
outfit cr complete "Life of Queen Victoria."
any edition, or any of the new subscription
books from us; m> have them all. J. DEW-
ING CO.. Flood bulMlnc. San Francisco.
WANTED— Agents in "very county in the State
of CaL. Nevada & Oregon: first-clays goods
guaranteed. For particulars addrers CJ. W.
ZINN * CO.. 1«1» «J ft.. Sacramento. Cal.
AGENTS wanted thrcuchout the State to sell
shares en comml*sli:i. Address, with refer-
ences. THE ARGYLR OIL. COMPANY, 503
California st.. room SOS. S. F^
AGENTS— Do you want something more, profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance 1 : Add. F. PERSON, r. 411. Parrott bldg.
WANTED — Live aarent for Pan Francisco and
e^ast towns. PACIFIC COAST M. St L. CO..
4ft) Ninth st.. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED— Good country solicitors.. Monterey
Central Oil Co.. room 40S. Examiner building.
SOLICITORS wanted: gr*od pay: permanent.
Apr'y II to 1. room 31!, Parrctt building.
AGENT in every town for "Life of Queen Vle-
toria." Cal. Puh. Ov. M7 Market, r. 7f>S. S. F.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. S:7 Market st.. 6th floor, room C7
I — Estate*, damages, attachment bankruptcy,
collections; all cases: fair fee: no advanc*
charges: loans on estates. TeL Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: prtvat*;
no fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, any at law. SJC Market, cor. Stockton.
J. H. McKNIGHT, collections: damages: es-
tates; mining; open even. SJ2 Parrott bldg.
FRANK W. SMITH, mining and probate law a.
specialty. Mills big., r. S. 4th fir.; tel.Red SSlfi.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ?:7 Market sL, cpp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 5C7 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
ASI'II.VLTUM R.OOFIXG.
J. PF.ITIER. asrfcalt rooflns. sidewalks re-
polrod: postal. li*t Mission; tel. Poiwni 1607.
BATH CABUCTS.
BATH CABINETS: ROBINSON. Niagara. Per-
fecHrr. and others. Arency. 4^ EIH* St.. S. F.
HOARDING FOR CUILDRE.V
WANTED— Py h1r>.ly respectable couple, the
care of child 2 to 4 years, long or sl-.ort
period: terms moderate: fine home and sunny
yard: object, companion for our own ehilj.
IH j??.rs. Box 014. Call office.
WANTED— Two cr three caKdrea to board.
good horn* ant! mother's care. Box 1J74. Call.
Ul'SIMZSS CHA>CES.
MARION GRIFFIN.
m Ma-Vet, near Ca!l Mdg.. tei. Black 1SOL
Branch Ivaltery; dear* JUG no.: * rocras,
f*»r. : rent Jl*; bathroom; vard; part cash..$4W
Butcher sh^p; caily s*l»» $jj to j» 4-»
Car.dy etore; cwj His*ne*s; bargain.
O.gir stjres, JTA «W. S'.^MV. $150* and U* !
Oyster Km»e; clears $1*5 ir.x : trial given.... 4S8
SalJCBS. ?«I0. n»». $7^0. t.'A\ $J«K> rT5 ;
A HESTAURANT In wholesale district. C7J: '
da'.lv sales $15: r?nt JS J-0; bl£ raan. M. !
GIUFFIN*. n? Market »?-. near Call b:.lg.
PARTNER wanted In a large. old-e«tabltrh<sl
pr^>flt»b?e buslress. controlling a good, safe,
rSM acd reliable trad*; ewlixg ta retireraeat
cf ft>rmer tsanacer cwaer kaj declJed to sell
ao interest to aa acceptable party; duties will
b« the keeping ef accounts and assisting gen-
erally in tha management of th« trasinetv;
cr.e acccst creed to hcrses preferred: capital
require! $»V-'o to fit. ON; full value ia sight; 1
t-tvks a=d business cpea for Investifatlca. J.
%V. Do=nti:y & Co.. 43! Market st. |
GILT-ET>GEI> orpcr-tunity fcr gentleman and |
wife — H.«.cr.:2cvr.t country hotel la Saaocta 1
Cour.ty: S3 rcorss: handsomely equipped : t300 !
Just spe-t in refitting; must be sold cr !ea*fd j
at once tc e'ese estate. ?ee F. BOEGLE, SS
Nevada block, to-morrow. I
ENORMOUS fortunes derived from cultivation j
cf ecCee. rubber & ether tropical products;
write us fcr !'re# K\:k showtsK how ycu r-ay
p*riicumt» is rrc-ts. JUAUAPA CO.. C»
FeucslMI HJg.. Bt. L»mis. I
H-> rK>"SVN beys cne of the best ftlte-d. cen- J
trally located resta-irxats ia tfce city. DON- !
ALD IN\"ESTMENT CO.. $C« Market sL;
t?:. Da vj SI. j
A PARTNER wasted who unierrtirfs real e«- !
tate and general brokerage business for the ',
c!:y; « fine CTPortunlty f->r the rirht man j
with srxali car-ital. Box 1ST. Call office.
WANTED — To purcliare. a whole er half !n- I
terest ta a Saratoga, chip raaaufactcring (
business: state price and amount of business :
dotag. Address box 1*53. Call cf2c*.
' 1
FOR sa'.e--4?mr.try weekly paper: free cf debt: i
w*:i l/r-ated; la r!ea«ante#t r*rt of State; ',
terrsa easy to right party. Address bcx CIS. I
Call oface. j
TO LEASE frcta the 1st cf MarcX «sfuralshe4 i
tctel. broad-snure ftatlcn, Saa RafaeL Ap- i
jly owner. 11 Lyoa st-. Saa Francisco. ,
JIS.W*— PROPERTT. loSgtag-bon!«es5. stores and 1
rumltar* ri^oS*: let «tx«: wen reated. Ad- j
*re*s Owner. r-?x I?C Call cf3c«-
DELICATES^EX. iilry produce, bakery: fur-
E!*!»eJ IJvtcg roceas: disac ie«jneat partner^
fhliv Address box 1S3O. Call ofSee.
CHICKEN rarxrh fcr sale: fully et;u!ppevl; city I
cutjk'.rts: rood p!ar* fw hcx^: r-Iace to reat. j
C. WILMOT. CVhasblaa baiMlcg. j
F^R salt — A big bargain; cigar statvi; flee !•">- ¦
catiaa dewntewn; dat^y receipts Si*. Box IJTi, j
Call effice.
PARTIES £e*!r!=g te» bsy cr rest aa ark far
¦ tfce rasucer. will «!o well to write to bcx |
I<a3w CalL
FOU sa.;e — A bakery. st«t!«jerr aad setlsa !
start. fger^rocgBs; rest C3. 138 Eleventh st. j
SATjOON and feer Itrtac ror^is rwf sal* cheap !
at SJ rt. : ao agents; eall at The place, j
WHO. reat 14 rocaas aa2 sell tbe furaltare Tex i
Jt^: ftS r«rr rcc-ath rent. CT Harrisca st.
FOR sale — Talks- aad dressmaklcc estabtish-
tr.er.t: good locat^rn: city. Bcx 1533, CalL
LADY with IS* caa r-ake t»9 tncathl^; eo
risk; s*c=re>l Box 1554. Call offlc*.
WANTED— iI:Bc rout* la Oakland; aboct ICO
c=«r^ers. R.^x l<»t. aa ota:~f.
WANTED— PartT>»r la gcod payiag fcrtdt yard
bcs.ir.ew. R4 ilcstrcssery s*-
ROUTE f.-»r s»!;: 43? parers ca the Ctrcnide. i
Ia<jcire at KS Udoa M- }
FOR sale— Oys-er a&U cie^ bouse; near Slxta '
asd Market: g>i. |
CAPITAL rroeared fcr all legltl=uite eEter- i
Hki; m«c* ecnipaates lawrporated In ar.y |
State: panr-erskvps aa-3 I?«ss negotiated:
dcrtr«ss riaees cf an k«.rx«s bewsat. said t>*.
ravbacge^ by HFRBF.RT * Ct\. r.x«a Hi
Eiarrai Errecke'.* bcHiiss. !T7 Market st.
n?R ReTH— r^furtishel: CrsT class: Unica
H?'*! ta Soa«esa City: rvacvated frcta cel-
lar ta garryt. ParticaJars la^Qtre ALBERT j
WISSKU ri« Callfonla rL. 5. F^ cr :O
X:ath St.. cvrsfr Cr«yter. Oaklaad.
T^9 TTTLL tcy a corner grocery *=2 bar: good
Lxttftsi: f-s-iff Iravtsr city; this I« a b*--
pxla. Bex liTT. Call ofae«. -
EKl"O store. * dlles fr~-a Eaa Fta=cbw3-
c!e*rs J3S» per taccta: f--VT: cond stoct Tcr
particcbirs a^iress UR. MULLEN, care Red-
:.--r".>. > a & Co.
FO.n sale— 5— aa rivj gallery acrcss tb« bay;
. cod rl*:-* tcz Jady; psaoa takea par: r«j--
raeat. Kjx l.tg. caa cTSce.
COOD-PATINO rrsuuraat; owner leavtsr j
ctry. Aij. 4ig7 Grov^e St.. er. «A> OakUad.
SX*— PARTNERSHIP: city fcestaess: caa laakc
n» a ax-sth. CaL Bbv Assa.. fCH Market.
A " TO
» WXN5 SS» rer rarata *t races: references
riveTi. lafpira-atljo Lywc*. Ja Siarket, r. 4.
LARGE :-« *:• rrc:* ot tsis parer fcr sa!e
WAN-mv-To tcx «r 1-»vs. « -sitai:* pface j
CANDT aal ssatSrserj- stem ns«e* mvA ftx- !
tares frr sale «ie»?i bo agenss. »5 FaJk st. {
SALOON iixisrrs. b*r. cmsa register, safe. I
etr^ fjr sal» cfreay; rrarlag. <a Dwroct st. {
U?S-CCRNSK nttgj a»a fc«r: c»4 bxslaejK: j
larg* rtoe»: ire 2xrcre»; n^>» »*.-«— ~^_ I
•i-m bcx TS. C»3 efSce. I
BCSIXTISS CHANCES COXT1\CED.
J150--SALOON near Market: I "roorfi'sj'bargaln
this day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 77T4 Market.
ACTIVE man to Invest from $1009 to $»¦<> In
established legitimate business; experience
unnecessary; guaranteed salary of J150 'o tiyj
monthly; beet city references and b*akabl«
security given. Opportunity, box 177*. Call
OtTPrDB routa on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business office.
LARGE cntside route. (N'a. 15) for sale. Apply
.. at Call business office.
A CUSTOMER »>f ours has cash and unencum-
bered real estate to exchange for ccod ray-
Ing business or stock of merchandise. HCR-
BERT & CO.. rm. 710. Emma Spreckels bldg.
FOR eale— A steam laundry in the Sacramento
Valley dcirjr a business from J1C0 to JU0 per
week; no ether laundry w!thln It) tulles. Box
1«5. Call offtce.
GO'viD paying, cM-csUbUsbed lumber business;
tcdOdmc sawrr.tll. timber lanis. yards, lum-
I ber nock, donkev engine, horse teams, etc.
I H. * F. U CCOPHR. Nevada City. CaL
LODGIXG-UOLSES FOR SALS.
A MARION GRIFFIN. A
Tl» Market, nr. Call bldg.: Tel. Black 1S03.
1 lfl rooms. fulL no wcrk. J1T5 down tIS
I S-room flat, cor.; elepar.t: Narsrain: slckn*-ss,
Vt rooms, rent Wf: hay-wln-iow corner 410
IS rooms, rent $€T>: light: clears J>53 H»
I IS rooass. ccr.; r.ew fur.; rent $73 *«
1 H rvms. rent 1X5: Income $90 mo.. ........ »C0
j K roon-.s, cor.; N. Mkt.: sunny sWe liW
S7 r«»n:s. new velvet carpets; oak and
cherry fnr. : clears $175 a mo.; bargain.
Ti rooms. ir.»vme tZ>> a month: corner.... 19>»
SI roems. rent Uf>0: Incotne t^S: full SK*>
S6 rc-oras. central: card -wood: snap 1st*
?3 roo:ns. boatoa; clears 51jO kjo Z7&i
( SJ-ROOM house; cheap rent J19P0
T-room flat; best part of city SITi
tl room*; very good; clears K09 SJjn
IT rooms; near Call office ........... $*!<0
14 rooms: sure to clear $100 $lvtX)
i 14 rooms: rn Market st $SJO
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
I t>-rooaa Ni*n51ag-house JSM0
l«Vrocm hotel; clears $JW> J«00
I Cd-room comer house: clears tS5« S-'-OOO
i V< rooms en EJJy ft.; clears 575 J«M
1 1* rocras ca Taylor st '...; W30
I 1* pc*3r2s; new. el»$a.at furr.iture lUiO
r* rpocis: new: eJegar.t: clears JK9 IS03
j H. C. PECKER, ldO Market; teL Mint. 754.
j SEE OUR LIST OF 5» HOUSES BEFQRE
1 buying. We have theui all siws and price*:
! JTj*— >> rooms ; alt one Cocr; Geary st,; clears
IMP: caly $33 cash required.
I $250 cash for 11 -room bouse: nicely raralshetl;
[ good location: balance payments.
Vacar.t houses furnished
I VTe furnish the money, voa pay as you can.
j DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. SX» Market.
I 63 ROOMS; newly furnished: rent S15» $»00
! » rewnts: Van Ness; finely furn.; extra.. !&0
j 1? roctas. J4»; W rooms, quick 3J0
I $S59 bur? 11 ele^aatly furclshed rooms; all
! hair mattress*?: best ef bedding: clears J-V
acnth; rent only $3! ! >4: b!c harcain: best lo.
I latioc FISHER A CO.. VSS Marlcet »t.
; WINSTON & WOI^-. rM Market rt.
1 1< rocms: rert $**; p*rt cash Jt^O
I r> rooms; ccrr.er: r»at $Ti U^9
' »5 reca: brand new; J1WO cash Rv«
! *4 rooms; central: part cash ST"-*
I 12 rpoms;.coyt sell: see lt^ &J0
i LODGING-HOUSES— Sites aad v'ictn to suit
[ all buyers: titles rvaranteed: racsey loaned
I boyers; before, buying calL
G. VC. fC-Htt'taXHARP.
! Phone Mtat U1L SIT Market st.. bet. Sth & «tb_
CALL r.r.-.l see our list r? barcains tn houses;
we hare them In any part of the city and at
any ' price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE; tS
Sixth st.
I FOR sa!e-$3»: lower fiat of f large raasy fur-
Inlshed rocms zrA bath; &51 rrated; S rooms
pay reat: will keen cne fcr JIJ a sasath;
c»ctraL Hex l*SZ. Call offlce.
I 14 ROOMS, all rented. «anny cercer. fcr sale er
i to exchanr* for smaller fcacse cr sa3rv.a. Ap-
ply 3S» Third st.
I- COBXER tarirtcr-bous* for sale: all foil and
la best ervSer; 14 roaras. Call ST3 Washington
St.. Oakland.'
I C? RO>3MS: rent SS». with water: c!e.v abcat
1 $*>3 i*T tacnth; Omklaad. H.. box 1S7S. CalL
• NICELT famished l-t-roein borse; cc»ap r»at;
> part cash: will exchange. Box 1SC2. Call.
rS5-J ROOMS: always fa3: ccsrea!»at I«c\-
tion; lew reat: net lacome SS. Bcx 1«H. CalL
»*»: BAT-VCIKIX^V hense. ?S rc*«?r!s. rood far^
Bitnre: a! ways foH: rraj $44. *34 Fol"oni st.
I CAIIPET nEATIXO AXD CI.K.VXIXG.
WHEN too b-wtne <SJsxr;ste<l with rocr work '
s»»* tt» SPACLmyCP PJeneer Carret-Beat-
tsg Werks, i"5-"7 Trharsa St.; teL Souths «X
! CAPPETS rlesc*4 at Jo per yard. l*!d at »&
j 5'TRATTON'S. I Eighth St.: teL Je«sie H4. 1
¦ J. E. MITCHELU. Carret-Beatlnc a=d P.e=o-
i xtitl=i: Ca.. :%i Fccrteeata St.: teL Mlsslca 74.
i ADVANCE Carpet-Clear.:-? Ctv. 43 SztVr St.;
¦ teL Mala SM. GEOl TTaLCOM. Proprietor.
COSKMV5 Ca?T*t-Rr»;<rj: VTorks. S3 GclJea i
fi»:» »t,: te1»r><--e F»«t IX
fPIUlTCALlSM. "
ARRIVTO. tt- ceiettra'ej rypsy. Prtace ijesl
i ter. whs** free tests, calling yocr came, tie
! rame cf tb# rce r»-i Jove aad th^ niase cf.
the crt» yea wiU aiarry. fz>r a sh«rt ttm*: I
the caly tne£ltni ta :~* worM ao sure cf his
ct-cult power that h* wCI giv* every r>»r«<Ki
trfaa ccsaes pwtxsrci a wcaderful fre* t**t_
Cm3 cr wrtte. w;»a rtasij* Izt arsir?r. ISSTJ
Mark-t St.. crposite C«di K*Jksws* H*IL ,
A— MRS. J. J. 1VHITNET. traaee. basl=ess
1 =s*d!szn. life reader. ir;*ilcal eiairvcrsat: stt-
: Urts. $1. Ilf4 O-FarreU. cr. Gcash. EUIj car.
! ilRS. STODDARD"? csnvj-srias te« :a all: cir-
i cle. 13e: Sua_. Tees.; rewitss* -dally, rrs Jta.
iTR«.- LK5TER-R»cL*!rjrs. »r: drrie e-rery e-re
! ex. 5«L. iSe: ierel. circle Tses, ev*. r^ Tort.
! FRIEND^HtP K»n. J3S MrAm?T-T-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittfcsjcs iiitr; W*t* toaH ta-Blght; 19c.
i EARLE. ia TarJcr sc, corner E3"l«— Sittlajs
<l»Uy: seaac* Taesisy aad Taarsdar.
KRS- 'WEST. wT=ii«-rsl swiJEa tad fce-iler:
rea-Sirrs ds.!ty. 15 is IS. 134 Market, rceca i«.
MRS. LOUISE S. DiiEW. Psreiiic. ElJctr-e
aal Healrr. rjea 14. SS Larkta st.
C l£ayc-St*er\. 11TH O*k st^ traare s:e<iics:
T-KJtags tl: hears IS. r. ta.: trf. Howard £^.
CHinoPODISTS.
C3DRN5. V^nio-;?. tr.tr*j»i. callsi. warts, ehli-
r-!ale«: r»te»ea<s rff~. t>r. DGacaa.,41S ?Btter.
4TO1JLKCT1O^ OFFICES.
GEORQS ¦"'. KHLX.V? At-i-y-Xf efcarge ea-
less «acn»rsL R6c=s KJ. ST7 Market rt. *
CLAIRVOYASTJ.
' A-THE Flr«t Graduated Palmist Ever In San
Francisco.
PROFESSOR JOHNS.
The wcrld"s greatest living palmist "and clalr-
, voj-act. can be consulted dally on alt affatrs of
life; he advises you whether you will be suc-
ct-esfu! In business,* raisin* or lawsuits, etc.;
Professor Jchcs is beyond the shadow of a
doubt the most scientific practicing palmist
and clairvoyant in the -world to-day.
There is no home so dreary or sad, no life
so hard and blighted, no heart so sad and
lonely, that car.net be set rijtht and kept right
after a visit to this Inspired prophet or modern
times; all long-standing and chronic disease*.
that have bafOd the physician's skill cured
without the U!m» ot irediclne; he reunites the
• separated, settles lovers' quarrels, causes
speedy and happy mar. lace, locates hidden
treasures, remove* evil influences: cures fit3:
drunkenness cured without the patient's
knowledge; tells If your love.1 one is true; en-
ables you to vrln the affection «f any cne you
desire: also that which a person 1$ best adapt-
1 e-J fcr In life is pointed out; he enables you to
j overcome your enemies: no matter what your
trouble Is. he can and will help ycu or
charge you ncthing for his services.
N. B.— Palmistry taught: meJluirilstio per-
sons deve loped. i€'« Kearny st., near Market.
Reading* by raalL
i If you cannot call, wrtte. Give date ef birth,
suite whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss; ask six
questions: Inclose fl- St. d. to I p. m.
ISMAR THE GYFSY.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aslSe the
j uncertain years ahead: happiness and success
, go hand tn hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
i cess is possible were it not for a lack of fcre-
i e'.Rht Into the future. If you are in trouble of
{ any kind, discontented, unhappy r-r nnt satis-
i fled In life, consult ISMAR. for i=h« Is a proph-
j eters of world-wide fame and ber name has be-
! come a. proverb tn thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advlc*. If MAR can be
consulted daily frcm 10 a. m. to E p. m.. Sun-
days by appointment only, at her offlce, 114S
¦ ] Market St.. opp.. Sixth. By mail three ques-
j tlen# answered, tl. F^Il life reading. C
! MRS. E. M. DUVAL,
?15 KEARNY ST.. ROOMS S-lflt
I . Late of Los Angeles.
MItS. DUVAL Is a natural born clairvoyant
and pesicess medium.' She tells your past,
present and future life. If there are obstacles
In the r*ta of your life she caa tell you how
to avoid and overcome them.
She Gives Accurate Tips en the Race*.
MI!?. DVA'AL* has practiced successfully la
lx>s Anpeles for the past nine years fcr all the
principal bustness pecple. as well as those la
the hishest sddfty, and still ha* patrons there,
to whom she wfll continue to rive ber valuable
advtoe. Mining a specialty.
! MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
j Clairvoyant an3 business medium, peroanenr- '
j I>" located IT Third St.. n*st Examiner building.
\ Sie reads your life ccrrectly. gives an accurate i
! description of the past, reveals the present hap-
1 perf^ara and portrays events to occur In the j
] future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un- i
. happy cr net satisfied ln'llfe. or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this irreat
I medium and you will be told how to overcome .
I them. Valuable advice tn all affatrs of life;
I I5c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed,
j \ j
j MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the w<!I-knowa trance >
rs»21uaj. Is permanently located at 1X< Mar-
j k*t st., corner- Golden Gate ave.. rcoas 3
j and ;<: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
j guaranteed by mall; send fUmp for pam-
i phlet with special terms. Daily aad Sunday.
MRS. E. SANDERS, the Quaker medium and j
palmist, teaches znicd vibration, the greatest
secret en earth; to business men. untold
wealth, reunites lovers xsJ brings home ab-
sent husbands, sens cr daughters. Rocxa tS»
IV* Market st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant A card
J -eader. bom with double vetl — second sight;
[ diagnoses d!«eas* with life reading; ladles ;c.\
gears Jl; palm, and dair. sit. H :a. Hi Turk.
i ISMAR. the Egyptian frrpsy. clairvoyant and
! palmist, permanently located i:tS Market op.
I f;h; private readings daily. 10 a. ra. to » p. m.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant, bcslaesa me-
dium ; ntir.'.njr a specialty. J13 Kearny, r. J-lflL
) MME. LARO?E, best clalrvcyjp.t. card reader;
j free tests t^c up. 471 Stevenson st.. cor. Sixth.
I MRS. MKI.Y11-L. welt-knowa clalrrr>yant. water
read«r. H «th: German spoken; teLHoward IMS.
MME. RAXSOXi ra'mistry. card reader; past.
present. fu tupp ; »>.. glxth st.. room 14.
EXDOUA. psychic: cani reader; 5*c; 1 ta S
p. ca. *T9 Eddy st.
MME. ZEREDA. the gvpsy. !« the great pata-
•st and card reader; Sc. T Seventh st.
MME. SCHAFTER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings <Uily. 44S*i Jcs^'c sc. bet. *th & tta. !
MR5. B. BAUM.VN. the we!l-kncwa fcrtuse-
teller. has reraovrd to gj Eddy rt.
MilE. AtTGl-ST. cJatrvcyant. c«rd reader aaj
pairalstry; truth cr no pay: 15c. 114* Mission.
MME. RAVENNA, reads life fluently: bastsess
advice: names given: Tie cp. 5 Focrth St.
. COTTAGKS TO LET.
COTTAGE of S suaay rowss aad yari. lU
Rs** av».. between Gccgh asJ Octavla. li»
htocks frcra Market. "
DIAMOND. m-Cottasv. 5 rocs*: tota; stable.
GUERRERO. IMS— Cottage 5 roesis. baA aad
stable. Key at SSS J£Is?tca tt, acvat.
SUNNT. 4 ronies, rard. iia; -srarer free. C Rla-
coa »t».; key CJ 5eccad st.
hkxtists.
AT tbe EXSCT^^DENTAlTcLrNIci S» Mar^
k»t «-. ccr. «th, ras. T. Flosd bl£g.. yoa eaa
! have your extractives daa« painlessly; tetti
• witfec«i platea ctjf speclaltr: gold crowas,
a » rp; plate-*, eitrsctjcts fre». S4 S3 cp: of-
fie* Iwors. > a. re to 19 ». ta.: Straiay. > to T
p. is. J. TV. THATCHKR. M. D- Masager.
A— DISCOUNT cf N per cect fir » Cays ca *U
pistes, crowns and hridrewerk. Fee ccr d«w
¦<mrr«akat;e piate. the Rcse Pearl. warraat«a
for ?• years: era-was. S3 I*; ftHlrtgs. l*r: plates.
IS. ftn se-t: afl werk r*!nJes3 aaJi warractsd.
Caicag^ Perul Pzrlars. 14 Sixth st.
HIG3T rnses tvt best crewss. rlates. bridges
aai afiinj*: extractions cr fiUtags ty c;y
wessderrcl secret. raliJess n:*lhoa; Tt years"
experUrce: aa stadeats: advlc* free; prices
cheapest a»J gitarar.te^l; la*r atteadia^t
DR. GSOROE W. LEEK. S» Q-Farrea st.
Da. l^TDU-M HILL. 14» Market. =r. Seveists
—No «s»rs* fcr extrac£l=c ¦stea platea are
t=aie: «M plates eiaie enr irke new: teeti
fTrea g y»r s»t; eTtractlnr. a*c; gas k1t»b.
THK New Tar* r»eatis*s tiTe taovecj ta US
Ji!«ftea rL. c«r. JOrta. Csasoit tw ca crowns
•sA brHcen; dltrteaU piat* wcrk sc"Jc::*-i;
pcattive ratalrsa extractiaa. SSe.
I>R.R.L.VirAI-5H.ruV G*arr. ar. Larkla— Pal?»-
t*CT ertryt-Uga £Jc;riaieg C pp:phoce P<^k UR
PARIS Destal Parkrr. IXi Kearar. cor. BBsh—
FaH s>t ef tyyOi. H: crawas. C: £IIlair>. Sc.
OR H. G. TRCEM.VS. iesifM. tfi!r3 Zxt. Ex-
arrtr^r tslVM-g; fenaerty la Xarpfer H-Jf.
VAX VROOM— "PaUOess-*: ever.t»-r» csd Saa-
tf»y>. 1X1 Market sc. ggraer Stotte.
?KT of teeth wttsewt ff^tss. DEL H. G.
TOOCG. UU Pdk st J
DRESSMAKERS AM) SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST ladles' tailor dresseutting taught free
by Prof. Lowe and wife. C*ll Saturday, 23d.
! to 9 |v rn.. at room €S, Hotel Argyle, J34
McAllister st.
EDUCATIONAL.
EVENING SCHOOL. S. F. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 313* Marfcet St.; Individual Instruction
tn bookkeeping, t-horthand. English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition {5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
N'ESS COLLEGE. 1X6 Market St.
COLLEGE of Fine Forces, «1 North Second St.,
San Jose, will begin a : 4 weeks' course of
lectures March 5 oa Scientific Sun Healing.
Electricity. Massage. Mer.tal Therapy and
other F1ti<» Forces. Send for catalosne to E.
P. BABCITT. M. !>.. LL. D.. Dean.
A Y RES' Business College. 7?3 Market el.— Day
•nd evening; S3 per month: $30 life bchclar-
shlp guarantees a ccmalete business educa-
tion. inclu.ilr.ET the commercial and shorthand
courses: telegraphy, penmanship, etc: posi-
tions secured for graduates; catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bid?.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportcriat phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. tZQ; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st!
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions: new «O-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school fcr the university, law ar>l medical
coileres. : references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlcns cuaraateed to It by written contract,
and caa therefore with conflder.ee guarantee
positions tn all its graduates. " j Larktn st.
MERRILI^IHLLEK College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, nns. 40-43
Parrott bldg.: Individ, instruction: catalogue.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
'college graduates: bookkeeping figures: short :
time. TAHR. exi>. ace:.. ?S» Parrott bi-lz. \
MINING school of H. Hirsehinr. 234 Kearny St.,
open; day and eve. classes ; chemistry, lbciva-
tlcn, mineralogy. geoJccy. coal c!l formation. •
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.. mlnlnjr.niech.. sur-
vey, assay, cvnnide. arch. : day. eve. : «st_ 1551.
VAX DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 93J Market.
:
SUPERIOR violin, zither, guitar, banjo, man-
dolin lessens 5*c. W. P. CHAMBERS. 144
Taylcr st.
ITALIAN an-1 French lessens, practical meth-
od, by a lady teach ir. Box IC31. Call oQce.
KENT Uw School, day a=J night. T« McAl-
lister st.: downtown. ST3 Parrott building. -
PROF. MEKKI. frora Paris: vlolla, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. 1K3 Minion st.
A PRIVATE A«^dersy cf Daacia*. MISS JEAN !
Hl'PDY. <A Hyde st. j
PIANO lessons given at low rates; harmony j
and thorough bass also tauxht. Bcx liSS. CalL
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc : day or eve. : S etc 1K4 Mission, ar. tta.
COACHING In high scJh--oI ma thematic* a spe-
cialty; staple methods, successful. »O ISta.
ILLUSTRATION* — PARTINGTON"? DAY asd
ILLUSTRATION— rlrtt c?«s«. 4f4 Pice st.
EMPI.OVMEST OFFICHES^
JAPANESE Employment Offlce and Hcuse- |
cleaning Co.. best help: sera men at short j
notice. 113 Sutter. near Polk: tei. Ltrfcln SSL '
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce: best
help f urn.; domestic servants : wcrk executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell: teL Bush JTt
JAPANESE and Chlrses* help of all klr.ds;
cook*, waiters and house servants. GEO
AOKI & CO.. d Peat st.; teL Bush Ui
JAPANESE central house-cJeanlaj & ecp!?y- '
m*r.t; al! klad.« help. I04€ Satter: teL East SS3. j
JAPANESE and CklBe«e en;p!evrae=t office- !
best help. £M; CFarreU rt.. teL Hyde T1SL
RELIABLE JapArfse-Cataes* emF'.cymeat cf- j
fl>g: all kinds help. K3 ?tocktca: Main 61K. .
ABC EMPLOYMENT Oface; Chinese. Japaa- \
es- help fur. M4 CsllfomJa: phone Jac:es I«S1. ]
ORPHEUM Employment Offle*-Ja?ar.ese. ChJ-
cese help. 4Jt Pcwell. r.r.Sntter: teL Black IS71.
CHINESE and Jar«nes* Ec;plovn;eEt Office —
Best r--ii». <11H OfFarr-n st.. tel. East <?t I
;|
KAI»»LO1-3JE\T WASTED — FEMALE, j
KELIABLE Gencan girt w«jhes posUton to^o I
UjTtr housev^rk; t*st of refereaces. Aii-e^s
13 Hollis st.
RELIABLE Aiaericaa wrjnaa wisbe* wark bv *
the. day. washir.g a=J housework: reference*"- i
tl aad car fare. Address HI Folsonx rt. |
WANTED— By a yocng wctaaa. to da pUia j
boasewcrk fcr K-aird aad lc<Ifrics. Call or '
address E. L.. 444U CSemeatiaa st.. betweea '
Fifth aad Sixth. . I
F.EFINED yocag gtrL siraager la Saa Fraa- i
eisea. desires a h-:~ :• la a reiaed family ]
with ractSer'y wcrsaa: will s.sa»is; with 1'sht !
deties and act as coapaniea. Box 1»43l CalL •
FOSTTION wacie^ mUMle-ag-d EngUsa I
woscaa as working bocsekeeper- or cook oa f
farsa: best refereace. S!S Fliimere st.. near «
McMteier. j
SLLDUHLT A=»erleaia wcena. 1 * wsmJd nic e Uch»
wcrk ta n!r« fasaily: good hceae: S» a rac-th-
eity «r ccantry. MRS, g. C~. 1^4 Howard sil
P.ELL\.BLE wpjnaa wishes ivsitioa to Ao gen-
eral housework la sicat! priTate fasllv. or
place as aur&e. SMT PsvweU tC
SITUATION waatsd by a. eonpe»e = t tafaafs
nor**. Gersiaa. city cr cosatry. cr weal*
travel £rst claw; refereacw. Hi Haight tz.
EXPERIENCED yt«=g lady rteaographer d»-
sir-s cctside tvpe-wrlUag: rates very reasan-
alrfe. Hocet S3. sta &xr. $1S Market st.
TOUXG wissaa wtia wcrk fcv day: ex'l cack-
tl iS a day. Box 1SK. Call cfSoe.
SWEDISH girl frora ooactry wtsies a sltaa-
Uca reaeral aoxsewcrk aad cockiag. Ui-
Irlsh gtri waata pUc» la aa Aaezfasa faa*
«y; rood plaia cook. J3» or IS. CaJ. Eaa.
i AgeECT. 5> Taird tZ.i p*aAe Eed C j
: AS bo«s«3ceerer by aeat. eldsrir AnerJcaa i
«tEia: esrf ta tbe care cf cliilirez- no* 1
cook; w»stl=jr. rie»=iair twos-; has dry — •". S
ejeaces; «{es 112 10 KS saosth. Aj!idy*H»
DREStiLAKEK. wtta tie best ei refereaces.
ea^resiesu by «*t: UOar dresses sj^cuitv:
1» MctcaJT rlace. eg Gearr st^ rear smak
EXPERIX^TCEO =bts>- wlta neilsal r-far*r*»«
wokM iaa saore. esssa«ea«rts. Caa at uj:,
DBXSSJtAKXS Jt3=i tise East. 2rst-clas» wo-%
wia ra oct br tie Cay; t*ncr-niad» r=iu a
s?^cUlty. I5S Fclk tt.
KpPECTABLE wacjaa wa-t, tTT^
dmrz -si^iI-t arsi irmiiffc. tl per «ja. y ,-j
EMPl^OYMEXT WAITTEP— FEMALE.
POSITION as a woridn* housekeeper for *
younr American woman with a little boy. city
or country. USH Mission »t.
WOMAN wishes position as housekeeper. Ap-j
ply *SVA Eighth st. ,
YOUNG lady wishes position as manicurist.
Address box 19S7. Call office.
LADT wishes washing and mending: will K» by
the gay; HC MRS. J-. tt* Rltch st.
>MERICAN woman wants a situation as work-
In* housekeeper; references from the last
place: no trlflers. MRS. L. H.. 6SS Xatoma. St.
RELIABLE woman wants day work; wasnlnjc.
lronlnir aftd bousecleanlnx or nursls*. 803
Clay st.. Oakland: telephone Red Z231.
A WIDOW would like a position to- take full
charge of child of 1 to Sjw. of age; AU-
me<Ja or Berkeley preferred. MRa. v\IL-
LIAM3. 9a MUslon St. _____
rfiiMAN «rlrl. wishes a place to assist with
G Srk «d cooking in •»•?»_«»»£
mnn «tea<*y pl.*-ce more than high wages fie-
f[red*. at or addree. Xew Golden Gat*
Hotel. 134 Fourth st.
WAJNTEI>-By a. respectable womaa.po.lUoa
as housekeeper for small family with I or!
• children: no objection to country. Apply at
tea Ninth et. -
A WIDOW would like a position to take full
charge of child of od« to flve years of axe;
Alameda or Berkeley preferred. MRS. TVIL-
LIAMS. 923 Mfeslon st.
YOttNG girl, stenographer. Just left school.
vlshMi position to assist la office: work tor
Improvement; small salary expected. Apply
box B, Call branch. 100 Hayes st.
WANTED— By a refined lady, as companion or
maid to lady. Call Sunday at 1193 Folsora st.
from t to 6 p. m. _^ .
WOMAN would like to work by th« day: please
call or write. 1C6 Eleventh H. box 24.
COMPETENT nursery governess cr lady's
maid; understands hair-lressins; and manlcur-
lr|r: goo** references. Call or address 12 Fella
place, off Powell ft.. b»twe<n Pine ar.3 Bash.
SCOTCH woman desires engagement*: ladles*
nurse: diploma: specially commended by
medical examiners of Glasgow hospitals. *1»
Natoiaa St.. between Fourth and Fifth.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Th'rd st.. near Mar-
ktt— KO reom*: 2Zc to $1 SO ntirht. Jl 50 to M
w«c-k: convenient and respectable; free bus
and bassase to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements an-1 subscTipilens
received at Call branch office. g» FHlniore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 159«
Valencia st- _'.">. __
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for reaUlnr. II per year.
EMPLOYS! RVT WAVTED— MALE.
PORTER— Situation wanted by a Swede as
porter In hotel: city or country. Address box i
ISCi. Call offlc*. I
YOUNG man wishes situation: good experience J
in genera! office work. so!!dt!ns and collect- |
Ing: knowledge cf bookkeeping: best ref«r- i
enc-s. J. DANIEL. TUKE. TTinchester Hotel.
EDUCATED Eastern man. health recovered j
here, seeks position In legitimate business
where tact, ability and energy will be ap-
preciated; willing to start low. Box lS^.
CalL
TOUXO man. 27 years of *g?. d**tres situa-
tlcn: of See preferable: can furnish splendid
references. Address J. M. LESTER. 317
Stockton «t.
AS ctenofrrarher and typewriter and general I
office assistant by youne man with 3 years' j
general business experience: good at figures:
ettjr cr country; moderate salary. Box 1S3?. j
Call.
A GEXTLEilAS cf mldd!« age and of large
education desires a position of trust: b^st .
references. Box 1S35. CalL ¦
i ENGINEER, raisin? cr mec^r.leal: fa=iliar I
I Trith electrical, also hoiFtlnj. i'fi Sutter. r. I. |
! MIDDLE- AGED man. haady at acrthia? j
(tools): will d? odd Jot's cf any k!ni. A^irrss •
box 19C3, Call.
SITUATION wanted en country place or ranch
by single man: understands jreneral famimjr.
gardenlnn. orchard and vineyard w^>rlc and I
raisins poultry: refereiKys. Box TV79. Call. J
FIRST-CLAS> pap^rhansrer ani ralnter wants .
i s!tuafk:n. HAMMER, 3T Fremont St. j
MAX. Ftrone »nd wllllrr. wants steady em- !
plovrn'nt In w«.r*bo»j?e or aoy kind ol work. !
Addr/ss box V*T.. Call office. J
BT m!dd!e-aced nan. as tardener a=d work j
about gentleman's p!ac* at low wases; refer- j
ecce». Bex 1SC5, Call offic*. j
AS secretary or bookkeeper, erenlass with aln- j
tag or oil company; first-class referesces. i
Box ;ytf>. Call office. j
POUX.TRYMA>T fieslres pcsltlca: years of ex- j
p^rlence: can milk and take c»r« of borse*. i
Address bcx »57» Call office. j
i MIDDLE- AGED man. Hrely a=3 d ci<5 j
I habits, wants r>ac»: handy at any klsd cf ¦
j wsrk- Ad.3re53« H. WICKS. 133 Sacramento »t. ¦
j HOTEL, man wants a position as elerx, j
i watchman, porter, etc.; coctstry hotrl pre- J
t erred. Bcx 332. Call c.'gre. Oak?aad.
I BOOKKEEPER cr assistant: recent grradnat-: I
I fconest; steady habits: ref»r#n?»«: moderate '
I salary to commence. "W. A. PISGREE, CU
j San Antoce are . Alaaeda.
' BOOKKEEPER, D. E.. aai steEO*ra=her: i
years* experience: honest. Industrious and
able; desires position; rood references. Bcx
lffl. Cat! efgee.
I RESTAURANT can. reliable. Vita 5 years* j-
I exp*ri#aoe. wishes position as inaaa?«r cr j
steward la a restaurant cr hotel. Please ad- J
sdre*s box ISSi Call office. I
TOTTNG raaa with sorae exv-Tlenoe la «hert '
krjfe eattlns wants petition. IMS East EleT-
enth St., East OaVJir.-!.
SITVATIOX wanted by practical t«tud:> man;
1 no objection to out of town: am applicable
to any position where physical labor Is r»- j
quired: out of essplcriser.r. Address T. J. j
TURNER. Cc«acpol:taa HoteL j
STTUATIOX wasted by practical soapismker i
of all kinds of laundry and toilet toaps. ,
tolled cr cold process. »and esd salt water !
sraps; can take »nttr* charge If necessary, j
Address O. N.. S r>carar st.. S. F. j
GARDENER <pro?e*ricJia*> wtsb*s sltaatScn I '
private plac*: exr-rl»ncf<i la an brandies; ;
rfin m«fk: good refereaces. Address box is;*.
Call office. ;
MAX with good refereace wants p<ssit!ea ss
r.!c?:t or pcrter; speaks 3 languages.
Box 157S. Can.
STATIONARY ear!2»<^. strirtty sober tad ta-
«!aytri3s«, K years' experieae*. warts steady
politics: c-?»t cf reference*. Box 1*4*. Call, j :
R.Xi 1.1 ABLE ywns ~pt. wishes to leam ca—^t ',
layir.jt traie: t«5M »> object. Bcs 1532. Call. }
CLASSIFIED advertisements ari s^^*crl^t:c=• • '
r«*»ve<3 at Call branch cf2r». 2^» FiltnopB »t. j
A BRANCH of-c* fcr Call adv*rt;.«e=t-T:ts mr>l '
STib«-rirtlPSS has been es:atllJh<-l at K*a '
Va:*cC.a ft. ;
E.VCIM1GK.
OAKLA>rD fcr I^cs A.nre!«s resJ4e=c«.
St_ Louis for Sa= Francisco property.
S-r*csj 5aa Fran'-!»-'j bras* far sand 1«jl
THE MrCARTHT CO . M« Market sL "
FRATHKK P1I.I.OTV*. '¦
HCTTI.? «tk! criv^te panics wlshTas ta tar* j
their feather rillow* rlesaed asij rfsortfd • '
FIKAAC1AL.
INCORPORATE Towr c^np«al»» enter lews e*
?--<nth r>aiota: icost Ut^ral laws for carper*!
tl«?nsi low cost: =r-a-a -*,•«(»$>> frtork: UbersJ
i^S **'* faf* »>¦»»¦ free addrw
lr<k brx C. Pierre. S^yth Dakcta.
KraAITTTRE FOR S.VX.E.
ONE e:*caat »-p!*es waisct bedrK»=a ¦«•
aoaU* hed «r«3 fia» hair waitress; iUso e-*
*-pI*ce r*dr«-iciTj *~t. Fi=«:-e t«<j. fta* csat-
tre»*. 1:3* Treat st«.
* ROOiTS forrJshed la cak US 58. with Vsu t ! -
r&j;g. Klag Fara^ntre Cjl. ur:-tia Marfcti. • J
Arrt!oaeer-U\t3c«:t.ir3 tirkla: teL Pclk «M- -
fargltcry * fgra'd £?gse? bc»syT:t: syot cash." -'
TO recetre hirawt tjJti* f-jr faraitsre. earart««.
etc. see W. E. Cody. MUauca: tel. Rsi ssa!
CHAS. LEVT bays y«a- Mmirar-. carpets.
pUacs. etc USS Uxritz «.; tri Jessie J
A. WOLLFEKT. 7TJ SUss*K> «.. pay, Jt"*-^
prtc». f<»r secaaii-baad furalnirf: uiRtj ith
KLATS TO l£-f. ~ "
TX> T.Vrr — New Zz.it ca Rrv-'-»~i- y. "" v-.—,.^
McAUisrer aad Goldem Gate a-re." s i iai«
rocnis aai bath: all t=* latest uai^BTe=s»— .
Aypiy G. H. UMBSSN- A CO-, II Maatt»eryt
TO LET— Lower 2at «£ « wosa; rest Ci t**»
Kc-\ilist«r st. Aryly G. H. U3CBSEX * cS* 3
14 Itoatgossery «S- " *^**» :
ELEGANT aew irrrer £at; Geary st, «*- rf
Yaa Ne»: I roc=s axd bath: -re^ V^-^
NOE. 3*7. eer. ttta. 1 Uock too c*sm> •T&5 :
st. ears—Lcrely S-roosa scsay car sit- -S"
ers; fcS: water irtt. ' "**• BSifcS -
bg^low «=,. A. M. speck a'toL*^
aad batfc: rest «J. 8S2 Pta* s-_ 5-i- TaV^ [
FLATS TO LET.
« NEW fl«t*. 5 and 4 room*, 13 »-ttl so : TOnn J
r flats with bath and yard, 8 and i rooms it
13. 1119 Filbert at. ' .. "
•I MoALLISTKR. E45. bet. MItinore ana 6tei^Z
—Upper Cat. S rooms a&d bath.
MINNA, IZI" ''KlW tipper flat. six rooms ufl
bath, with modern improvement*.
' 4 StTNNT rooms. newly papered and ca'T^T
P 50. ta Harriet «t.. bet. t:h and 7th. '
• flOEO,^CATER fre»— 3 snnny rooms ani Yar-T
• 137 Ivy are., corner Van Ness, near Hay» s ,£
US— A StTNNT fiat; » rooirs, bath an,f~i»T^
room. \KA Hayes gt.. near Panhartf!!*.
CHEAPKST and b*« In America— TtT^v^kT
Call. 1« pases, sent t» any a^dPMii ia't-'*
United State* or ramAx on* r»»r fr, r tl.
FLATS TO LK r — Kt MA JsiiSiT '
EITNNT flats. < rooms, t»tn. rj!ce!r ftraUhTT
at a bararala. or will rent unfurnis*!*^ \ ."
ply €Z9 Oak *t.. or BALDWIN & BOvmf'
10 Montgomery it.
FOR Rent— Neatly furnlahed flat of <>7v^-~. •"
the Western Addition to let. reas w»».ftj .
desirable . parties. Particulars a: Iw ' y T1 ™
Shoe Co.. 717 Market »t. -xirv»
FLATS HASTED.
WANTED— Cottairo or lower fiat c* « o» s
rooms; yard; between Sixteenth an! Ti^ntiT
eth. Guerrero and Folaom. C. M.. V.z\ p-^.
! HELP WASTED FEMALE^
A-SPECIAL-
Wanted — Two chain r-erma ids for ffnt-e:*.,
hotel, country. J29 and free far*. Apply be'or*
10 o'clock to-day (Sunday*. C. R. Haxse'm
U CO.. 104 Geary st.
GIRL for general housework and eocJiiajf, x^\
wornaa to cook far an Institution, csa w-v
has a child. JI5; nrt for family o? J. snu;i
bouse, a rea! nice p!ae». C5: 5 other exc« -
lent places. JI5 to |2>. Cal. Esj. Agency 4
Third at.
WANTED- Flr»t-cla_3S talloress on coats: cn»
who makes a good button- hole: caod salarr sa
rlfjht party. Wasted also an apprentice. ¦*?.->
understands soraethlnsr about sewiaj. c a j
Sunday forenoon, IS Moct^orsery it., roora U
second Cocr.
¦WANTED — A G-nr-an bouiekeesier; S la ia.-.
lyL Call at 120 Shotwell »t.
GLOVE fitter war.tid— An experteseed «'•«-
lady for g\ov» d?partmer.t; rtat» la»t pea:;: -r.
Ad4r»s- T* O.. box 1939. Call ofCce.
WANTED— Woman over 23, f> trarel; Ei.-.-y
and e.xpen«»9. Bos 1373, Ca!l cfSce.
WANTED— German girl for eocklsg ari dawB-
Btairs work: J3C. Box 13S3. Call of nee.
GIRLS wanted at WE1IPE BROS.' box ixa-
tcry, 1.7 Mission st.
OPERATORS to taie work home. 7C3 Jiarlce:
St.. roci3 35.
EXPERIENCED lrcn*r» to work la factory.
723 iliriif>; *t.. rorm 2Z.
WANTED— Girl tt> assist hcasekeeptr.g; 2 :a
family. Call Monday at CO Scott st.
LADIES who want to earn ZS> weekly. Call at
12X Market st.. efflce 13.
LADIE3 to learn a trade ar.i b« In «o--»3.ient :
barber trad* t iugh: in ei^ht w«i»; hair-
dreswlnit In iocr wt«kj: catal-^STJ^ n»a;:--i Tr»^.
MOLARS Barber and Hairiir-aslag; Cell's*.
€3S Clay ft.
j GIRL for general hoasewcrie and eock!r.?:
j German preferred: wages iZX. Ajply to-day.
! 30IJ Sacrazaento *t.
; WANTED— A trimmer for minicery. Bex 1171,
Ca!l office.
OPERATORS want«l tnr wrapp^n: home *cr?
and factory. JL"DA BROS.. ZtA B»K«r? »%
Tv'ANTED— Reliable wo=-.an a.« r.urse. 4C5 I>>-
lores st.
GIRL fcr s^seral hous^trork sr.d cook 'tis;: I !n
j famil?; references; w»sm J.5 <rr $14. S:X
! Octavia «.
CXPHP.!T^NCEr> cprat-r- ca »a!s*i, fh:'.-
dre='s hats ar.d cars. BAUE?. 2R06. ft CO..
~ ?ir.S-T.< St.
I WOMAX cn'*<-rsra3<!lT:?- maTitifacrnr* laiies"
j uadenrear ar.d TraUts; refs. Box EC*. Ca".
i EXPERIENCSO waitress wi^tei XG9 Pc.i
S street.
J TWO exp*Hersc»«S nr.Ti.«!i^»: nlaTTZ ;>»r::;T-
Inent poxiticn. Ca!l tfter l: ilzsdar. Hoor»r
Health Ftod Comrmny. rvra !. 137 3iark»t.
j FIRST-CLAS5 ladies' ha^rirevera ani T»st:".a-
j tors. 40 G'arr *t-
j TOUNG girl to a3sf?t Iti g-r*rai house-sriri.
j wajres |!'X U14 FranV'in rt.
i YOUNG irtrl to miad ; ch^ireT a-<i ««s:j: :a
light houaeworic 2T: Tirestj-riaTh st.
WASTEIM brlrfet. e-?rj-*!- ladi-» »t» *ik»
a ccurse wltA Dr. E. E. UrLear. iair •-¦'-
s5*iaa, to e5fiM:s.h lra=:h tr*r.z'.m A; f
| rocin SX Ctacs g;reck»:3 t^lMlnc.
I Ti" ANTED— A etr! wrraa- *V wants a r"-" t
hen^e tn !^r:ill iasilly: stt;?.!! ea!arv. CiU be-
! l-xrrrs I ssd 3 r. m. «; IC? Eti«h *t.
! WANTED-Clr!. :> t"> M; l!*it lwo*«-»-riC,
I coiEiwajoa: family I: =¦-> wajifcx- SI>=^i«T.
. I ¦ f- J p. m.. ST4 »u Pai^-> iTt. Oaxlar»i.
WANTED— A drl fcc nzLenl aots«w^-k; G»r-
raan preferrf 1 JO FUSer: St.. Oaiiaii!.
FIRST -CLAS3. nr>-t>-iate »:raa cr»Jt: »i^j
good: »rm« wffrk. 1^7 Alice st^ OaJtla^i
iTcDCWTELL'S !» tir larr?«t a=-1 t«-»t cz^i-^T-
j. ed «chocl en th« re*rt: 5rste=a alw»rs raeHMi
hlslsew award wh*s»v?r ia ciT37«itiaa: de> t
f for perfert ft;tlE# prtteras: Freaeh
j taiHcbt; v^sltoni w»!or>ce: ?ealb»rt«>s« ><.«-.
• fr«e to tics* esterins; t-*5or« MatcS 1.
iUDDLE-AGSTD weersn Tor geaer*: e^xslr;
la rMtasrsr.:; st^aly; r?f#r«ic«s: 13 a. el
5 Tax^;r *t.
TOITNG jlrt tt» awist la toasewcrk a=^ car*
| of hai<T. T71 Ediy ft.
i WANTED— Soarfers -t cr*t cf JW-? at t^s
Co-cperatixe K^=e. Sa. t. at US raljwa «.:
. tersas C 30 p*r w-ek. raora aad t<-ar»l; oaJr
I »«;r-rerpe«ics. *»:;-«3iprrii3B. rraU-w'ir 1 *!
Flrl* r<*3 arr»Iy. Addr-S!» 1CS5 FLCH-V
BOLLINGER. €6 F^sca K.. t«:*-
I r!w=e Etir?5 ITS1.
i WAXTED-SaJfjUdr win ira<:<rstar:is *tar=r>-
i ta* and emfcroliertas : sta:e salary ex^-Ktei.
I Arp^T N^x 157?. ti:« cfSce.
| V.-ANTEI>-Ex?e-i~:c*d sir', '.yr ce^ml hra»C
work; wares K5; tzstz hmT» references, a
Scctt «t.
A LADT ef fcai=i'taSl» eaerry. 5ca»e»»-<S cf
r*tT-ass«-t!ca: pixd ggycrtaslty to licit par-
.ty. F. PERSON, rooa 4^. «»arr;n fcsl'.iaff.
WANTKD— A^few •17— r-«rao*"4 cr«-r»Tci>r>» az-J a.
! Shirt Factory. GkMJjra ~aad~"GTOT« «*.
OPEH.\TORS «3 lit.**- cy-3^; wear ta wrrfc
la factory. 73 Market t,? r.voca B.
A NTAT Ktr'. Ttt «r-«tatr» work; 11,-1 el;
i rrferecfes. r.^3 CFarrelS sr.
WANTED-Trt=^er«. s»ieT» «rd sa!eslx^:es
for rslUioerr: stat» *-rperi*=c» mii salary ex-
P~rted. Applr bpx 1»C Call effloe.
"^ANTED—Itetrra sewer* at LrrS 5s-»^» A
Co.*g. Sf-i Frescst »t.
A BRANCH c£Sc« for C*2 a*rerti»«=r-rT.rs aaa
*-~>.-— rt.-a* bas beea f.ii.ji-i *i ZS*
Valencia »t.
HELP W.UTED— M.ILE.
A— OltrRIlAT * RS.KPT P^rat* Uara »U
WANT 7 A. M. 1CCXOAT
i farra asi crcixrf !>ir*j |3 434 ji;
Chorreaa. p«Tat* pl*e#...... t5j
i rticreraea «r*J buij-» .-.—^...CS %-* 43*
tteinTHT. Sooeessv «~v< .... p^
5 teasfters. city H 3 a'fixy
K?*t:»r. cocrtry stxtJe. r^*
Gardes-rs. 13 asi C5: amtffrai, COi t» w^c.*-'"
c!u"p;«*:» a»S TVr-.r'tera. '..cj a=J pr^n-i^c-«
rvjui»^c>I; rai asa wS^ *¦« — ¦^~
ec«stry. "
Cw*'» asslslir* frr«ass>. .,..!» t^aa •?^r3
Ca=? waiter. S3; « wi:t,4 dty ,-j
sctel* .. m I— j mT)i ...
5 coc** H« a=S S3 ajr-i r> aid K2 w— x
3£yRSAT A SXUDT. C4-4CS CUy t.
A— WaNTET» r^;» £ssiay raaratair <ctSr- -r^a
rrcia * to N a. »a.v-rs ±rI!I*--» »it- ii* r-a
« *^»,-*^"*J» !»ark."fr~ *ir»."c.~R.
A— WANTfcU thin Saj.liy cscritsc * a«?» t?«-a
frwal ts :> a. es->— WaSessaa. ce«=try Swirt.
J*>. rr-* tire; r=aa ti shake act rt:tie», h-t*J
I *=' r «nr- fre* fare. C. li. HAX52X M CO-.
1M Geary at. :
JOrRNETUAN B»rt<*r»* I=tc~»&-ia: r=i»-
rr*» •=spt>T^=«:t: «eljr recera^oi ss&sa. U«
y»r«: tei. Fc!»ta UJJl i. LSSjt. Secrrrary.
ALL UEX-Ocr car*:«r=» *xriai=» Stjw w»
tMfh tlia trad* 13 two r=c=ti». jevr^s f«i
y** tr ': fft^^Vd fr*«. We have as J<? xbn ;»¦.
<^e-»ectica wtti ccr - :>c- Oar TsaTl7«sj|
nirrJrare- ar» all c-jiie t» cs-irr wl:i a T*«-r
t> r:rir-:*.-t«s arsa cpbt»~!»j?»«. HOI-JIT-'
E*rt*r CoC*Sfs. t^> Clay XL. T-rrtr* ;• »-t
cfceap tr:r;aUcss.
U.\X aad wiT» fsr raacb: 1 nxs >^-?^ fT-
*or,fcr »e<rcr«5 pcrtrr. 5>?tel. eiu: tuasstrrv
Jl .* t» $3 p*r tfxy; C=*^T=*3. JK a»3 f::
TMrd si.
*py ta aa *?*;»; »?«-Ct fa *w-i
Si?*TI 1Ii=^ : *^? ajr * * rr » «f5r*»c«.
XVANTE2>-A*T»rtJ»I-r »o».-^js-; w»* am-rs
oa =*o: jr««a wseser fsa- s «wt« A«i^«»
STEAT>T wau^er aaj tes£& **Rj=-. G* nriiFor Additional Classified Advertise-
ment* See Page Thiitj.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1901.
29
HELP WAKT2D ilALE.
SALESMEN wanted to sell our goods by aam-
nle to wholesale and retail trads; w« art the
larr'st and only manufacturers la our !ln«
in the world: Uberal salary paid. Addresa
CAN-DKX MFG. CO.. Savannah. Ga.
WANTED— Man to represent responsible rnan-
ufnrfjrir.g house; salary of $!C paid (or 2
¦sreek?' trial: important, permanent position !
If s6t!s;f.ctcry. Address C. M. Co.. box 1412.
Philadelphia. Pa.
GOVERNMENT positions— Appointments made
from Civil Fen-Ice examinations to b« held
In Mar oh & April : catalogue free. Columbian
Correspondence College. Washington. D. C.
r MASONS In good standing In Cal. and every
Ftate. salary, with commissions. HAZEN
CO.. New York.
KXPERIENCED solicitor for merchandise
store near city; state experience and refer-
encco. Answer box 1S94. Call office.
TARTNER uith J3tO for a medical show;
eornethir.g r.ew on the coast. Address box
UM. Call office.
WANTED— Reliable, experienced, clean porter
for restaurant; must fcava references. Ill
Larkin gl
IMMEDIATELY: three your.g men of good ad-
<Ires» for city and country work; liberal sal-
ary. Call t» Columbian building, city.
GENTLEMAN well acouair.ted district south
of Market et. to solicit. Box 1&E5. Call.
PLATEN prc-ssn-.an who cin cut stock; state
wages, etc. Box IS<S. Call office.
SHOEMAKERS wanted to work or buy shop.
S3 CoissierciiU «t.
TOLTCO man to solicit for tr.erchaat tailor;
wages or cosxrnission. 121i Market st.
EOT to rua errands and help in bakery. 1413
Polk it. "
WANTED— Earkteper. first-clasa. for a whole-
sale ana retail wine and liquor business; one
" preferred who baa been In the same line be-
fore; must be reliable and pober and good
«aJ«sman; German speaking- state reference.
Appiy J. O-. box 1BS7. Call office.
TFAXTED- Reliable and sober German as
driver oa bakery wacon: good salary: only
one wltli exx>erleac» ceeJ afply. 111 Lar-
fcln «t.
DRVO dirk ftssictant wanted for Interior city;
•alaxr Me and room; references required: age
not ever 24: state where Interview can be had
Monday. Address Drug Clerk box 1S90. Call.
WAITED— A strictly first-class carriage black-
KJUth. Apply to A. KE1STER & SONS CO.,
Sacranesto. Cal.
GET your shoes hall-aoled while waiting: 2So
to K-c 662 Mission tt-. bet. 1st and 2d Bts.
Carpenter*, blacksmiths & green hards whal-
ing cruise, on etearaer. Herman's. 26 eteuart.
PRESSERS and cleaners. Golden West Cloth-
Ing Heoovaxorjr, 12 Montgomery St.
XVAKTED— Recruits for th« Marine Ccrps. U.
B. Navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the eges cf. 21 and SS; not
less than C feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
1 li*ch in helgtit: able to read, write and
speak Enrllsh. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Itwultlng Office. 4J Ellis
rt.. Pan Frar.clsco, Cal.
WANTED — A thorouehly experienced buyer
eM ulnmtn in furniture and carpets: state
reference*, where last employed, salary ex-
pected end ege; applications will not be con-
eldered which do net contain this information
complete. Address H. F. B.. box 1C27. Call.
PERSON to travel ior cid established
house; no canvassing required: salary $T£1
ft expenses; inclose self -addressed stamped
envelope. Manager, iS5 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
MECHANIO:, enpir.wrs. electricians, etc.; free
scholarship In enyineerln* awarded to few
well rwrmmended applicants. American
School cf Correpponderioe. Boston. Mass.
GENTLEMAN* of lndorr.ltabie enereyand push;
jrcod opportunity to right i::as. i\ PERSON.
rconj 4:2. Parrctt building.
PHOKXJRAPHEK, good view artist, wanted;
cne experienced urder skylight preferred.
Address Modern View and Portrait Co.,
Oak'.snd.
II EN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free.. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
Retr.ember. no barroom chairs used In this
coil«>se.
WANTJCT> — Young man for clerical work; state
fege. »-xperi«nce and ralary expected. Apply
box 1*77. Call. .
WANTED— Men to drive teams; steady work.
! Apjily *>«•-!>- to GRAY BROS.* stables. Seven-
teenth st.. r.-ar Guerrero.
"l.AILORS — Ladies' tailor wanted for country:
; must be first eta*? and rapid. Apply at
" STEIN. glMOX fe CO'S. Market and Second.
TKAVKTERS wanted. Arpiy '•¦-' Fourteenth
Ftrec*.
WANTED — <lorA t»amel»rri. Apply to SOW
Seventeenth ft., corn»r Vermont.
IVAKTED— IM men to take rooms. lOe. 15e and
roo. Tlortnr. House. S>30 Howard St.
TWO-CHAIR barbershop for eale cheap. Call
immediately. 2>4 Siicth «.
PRIOliT men r>t cood eodres>s; money a3-
var.cM to right party. Ctll between S and
. 9 a, m. at ?<~* 1 ost st.
Al-T. «:zps m*n> fhoep. sliKhtly damaged, haif
rri"e. IK Mlssicn *=t.. bcl. 1ft and Id sts.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanic* to know
that FM Itf.lkin. rtcno House proprietor, still
runs r»enver Honse. Zll Third Et.iliO large
rooms; 3c j*r night:- II to K per week.
f AIL/"»R?. blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
ell parts of world. HERMAN'S, id Steuart.
PrrNPIOVS— J. H. Fhecnrd & Co.. old reliable
f.rtrj. t% Market, ronra 45. Phelan building.
WINCHEETER House, 44 Th'.rd St.. sear Mar-
ket; TOO room*. S5c nlrht: reading-rooms; free
'bus and bajrrae to and from ferry.
HORSES ASD WAGOXS.
HANDSOME matched team of carriage horses;
7 and % years old; round and In excellent
condition; well broken to single and double
harness. DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 39 Mont-
rorr.^ry Bt.
43 HORSES for sale; also wagons. buggl»s.
carts, h-vrnes*: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth St.; «.tirtion sales every Wednesday.
PCLLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
F T. VHTERIKARY College will commence Its
f^ eesaioa June' 10. Catalorue by applying to
M. L. P»n«~oBrt. sec, £10 Golden Gtte ave.
A NEW pneumatic-tired road bugjrr. DR. L
KRAKER. veterinary dentlrt. 1C4 Golden
Oi? ave.. ror. I>»aveijworth St.
TOT. »tle— Pty'.Uh pair coach horses suitable
o-rriare cr trap. Centennial Stables. 1S2S Cal.
HTFT Bell— Pair black horse*: will seperate:
elr.g'e cr «-«:ble. 24 Golden Gate «?«.
THREE fast road horses: also somo good
btrtnera horses, at 721 Howard st.
ron esJe— PtuflebaVer carriage. In fair condi-
tion. U2S California, st.
. PECOND-HAND business buggy; also a new
ttt-rKT In the wtiite. 1570 Turk et.
A— 100 6ET9 eecoad-hacd harness; wae^g
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 17.2 Mission.
A G<X)D g»nt!e <w. fresh, at 140 Day st.
nOCSCS TO LET.
A— PRINTED^IST^H^u^sto^etTsTnd for clr
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery
KOTl rent at $70 — To responsible party, eie
pantly furnished modern house; 18 rooms: 2S3
Jackpon ft. Apply tn OKAS. E. BEMIS. 32
M'imrr.mery st.. n»al Estate Agent.
nOCSCS TU LET — FGRMSHED.
fl^-FirRNIFHEn cottage of « rooms and bath
rl~e rarden. 722 Fhotire!!. bet. 21st and 22d
UOCSB CLKA.MXG.
jArANMFE Hou«e Cieaning Co.. estab. 1890
rem^ve-1 t<> <i9 DcvlTadero B t.. tel. Fell 136.
INV.VLIO FlRMTinE.
• INVALID fi;rn:t:ir»cnd applianreii; sale «r rent
F. GOOODAM. 1117 Van Nee* , V e., nr. post st
I,OST A.M> VQVltU. ~~~
IX-ST— At or going to cr from Stanford Parloi
ball. Keb. a, a pold p!n. wnath »hape, se
with r'r.k nnd whlto p-arls; valued by ownri
mi rift. Finde.- return to M Clay st., or 6
<"UTr.berlan»l «.. and receive reward.
I/)5T— On i'tfon *t., between Filbert aw
O'FWreH. » r- fi !«" ft cold classes In leathe
mst niark«-d Gall & L«mi>ke, Union square
JC. Y. Return 1W0 Franklin ft.; reward.
IX .ST— Purs* oontalnJr.g Brazilian monf-y. oi
the 21st of Februiiy. Ploase return 91i Vai
Ken ave\. W. H. ; rewerd.
1/jCT— I*urse oontalrlcs keys and 2 badses fo
racttjack. Rcwcrd cf V at 26 Montgjmer;
rt.. tocm 10. ¦
. £/>.«T— Certificate No. TZZ for US shares Occl
rfr-n-jU Oil Co. Itetarn to 122 Fourth s£
reward.
LO5T— Bet. orjr. Uaight and Scott and 114
Howard. rquar« gold watch charm, dlamon'
rontT' *>ntrrave<l. Mamie tn Nelson, Xmas
•52: iwu4. N. D. HADLEY. U44 Howard tt
Lo?T— Wei1ne«<!ay afternoon, Udy's fur cVllar
hoble: suitable reward. V.M. U. BHAFTEU
Pheliin bulldlns.
LoRT— An Ir:7h%etter dor. Finder will rctun
to 144 First n. and receive revrard.
w7nte<1 -OM rn'd for manuf«cturins. O. Nolte
Jeweler. 248 OFarrell. bet. Powell and Mason
tCUT> goli e'lver. diamonds and precious «tor..-i
iwurht. J. II. JEXKEL, b!7 Market st.
MATTRESSES A.\r> BPHOtSTERY.
MATTRESSES and upholitery; tel South 791;
tt> orrier o« renovated, feather and hair
fteamed: enjert carpet cleaning; strictly rt-
1 table. HOPKB PROS.. 811-320 Eleventh »t.
MATHIMO.MAJU.
GEICTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
wnd lOo for ll.«t. MRS. HERTZ. 7(W EU1» »t.
MARRIAGE bureau; rellabls and confidential.
MR. BLAKE. »a Kearny St., rooms 4 and ».
MKD1CAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. IMS Market, the well-
known ladies' specialists: 32 years' practice;
perfectly reliable; a positive cure guaranteed
at office; patients treated can return game
day; tho?e wishing to treat themselves should
Fend for the HIXDOO HERB HOME TRKAT-
MENT; n sure cure; elves Instant relief ; hann-
leg«; any one can use It; stamp for circular.
bits. GOODWIN, the well-known~exp»rt on
diseases of women, has returned from Eu-
rope; a treatment guaranteed to give instant
relief for any ailment; wife sjid reliable: 10
years In Q. C. Hospital, London; practiced In
S. F. sine* 1SS4; maternity home; fes low.
1C07H Market tt.. near Sixth.
DR. G. W. O'DOXNELL.. moved to 101S Market,
orp. 6th; world-renowned ladles' specialist;
safe, reliable; practiced in San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases *ucceMfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
tree. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHU ?97 Market St.. cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladles' physician: Si years'
successful practice; porltlve cure guaranteed;
when others fall consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs. 1
ruccesfful practice: *uarantee<! treatment at
office: any ailment; home for patients: con-
sult free. 312 Post st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN-nemoved to 1118 Market,
be*. Taylor and Mason; ladies' speeiallft.
MINSI) AM) >II.M.\(i.
MONTEZUMA COPPER^ STOCK 6.
MONTEZUMA COPPER STOCKS.
MO.VTEZUMA COPPER STOCKS.
Read This Letter.
Read This Letter.
R*ad This Letter.
OFFICE OF MONTEZUMA MIXING CO.—
Offices— Taooma Seattle, Cblc&fO, San Fran-
cisco. Detroit, Mich. Depository, Pacific Na-
tional Bank, Tacoma.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. U. 1901.
To the Stockholders:
It is the Intention of the management to Is-
sue from time to time, as the progress of our
mines warrant, reports on matters pertaining
to the company.
COPPER PROPERTIES.
Xlirht and day shifts arr at work extending
the 100-foot tunnel of the Tacoma mine. Very
complete houses have been built and three
months' previsions for the force at work have
been taken up. We are thus amply safeguarded
egalnet the spring and late winter snows llkely
to be encountered. The ore removed on this
work is being classified Into first and second
cUbe on the dump. On the. Blue Star one shift
of men are at work erectins buildings and do-
ing Eir-.ilar work preparatory to taking out or*
from tie Peacock Blue Vein. The trail to the
Chicago Group iv now nearly completed. Devel-
opment work on this group will not be com-
menced until about April 1st.
COAL LEASES.
After several month* of negotiations we have
succeeded in securing a 20-year leane of a very
, valuable tract of coal land. located near Fair-
fax, making, with the 160 acres previously
leased, 1SP0 acre3 thus acquired. This acqui-
sition gives us four mile?, linear, of the 12 veins
of coal fcund on the original lease. This lease
is obtained In conjunction with the Washington
Co-operative Mining Syndicate, an arrangement
greatly to our advantage. We thus are enabled
to double our available capital, en the co-opera-
tive idea, while in many cases the expense o:
operation i* halved. Work on the coal is now
being prosecuted with 30 men. and this num-
ber will be Increased as rapidly as development
will permit. Careful estimates made by our
regular engineer enable us to say that there Is
coal enough on this property to allow the min-
ing of 5000 tons per day for 100 years. This coal
Is confessedly the best cooking; and steaming
coal produced on the coast. At the present time
, the demand for It Is so great that If we were
producing at full capacity we could not supply
one-half of the present requirement of the mar-
ket. Our engineer estimates, at present prices,
the net pronts at fl.OD per ton for coal nnd SI. 50
per ton for coke. We have recently ordered 2$
Improved coke overs. Our Meamlng coal will
be on the marVet In 90 day* from date hereof.
IMPROVEMENTS.
The development on the coal property is be-
ing prosecuted with great energy. The flume
for furnishing the power for operating the saw.
mill, dynamos, light plant, etc.. Is completed
and In operation. The sawmill has been shipped
and will be In operation by March next. The
n-aron rotid. from th« main workings to th*
railroad at Fairfax. I^i miles. Is now completeu.
We shall be shipping coal by May next.
DIVIDENDS.
We expect to be able to announce, August 1
prox.. a dividend payable October 1. 1901. De-
velopments to date fully warrant this announce-
ment. C. W. THOMPSON. Pr-s.
The Montezutra has the brightest prospect of
any mining company on the coast. It will
make more money for Its stockholders than any
other company. Its copper and coal properties
an- unequaled, as development daily proves.
More money is needed to push development.
That is why stock (par value SI) Is sold until
March 1st at Tc cash or Re on installments. At
this price it is a great bargain. Call cr send
for prospectus.
TUB AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
Selling Agents,
810 Safe Deposit Bldg.. San Francisco.
MINES bought and sold: also stocks in mines
and oil companies. Prof. John Tllton, rms.
473-476. 4th floor. Parrott bldg.; 10-11 1-3.
HI$CCI.LA.\E«('M Fan SALE.
BOILERS, engines, M-hand machinery. Mo
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARB, back bars, mirrors, ehoweases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a lanre stock of saloon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In ti hours. J.
NOONAN. 1C17. 1019. 1021. 1653 Mission st.
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR SALE- ~~~
2 £4x16 foot boilers $700
1 brick machine. 40.000 capacity 300
1 brick machine. 25.000 capacity !*)
1 14x30 Meyer cut-off engine 400
400 feet of 10-lnch heavy tubing 75c
1 15 H. P. engine and boiler 2a)
Lot of shafting, belting, pulleys, r mps,
Iron tanks, etc.
OAK MACHINERY DEPOT.
First and Jefferson sts.. ; Oakland.
BUT a brand-new typewriter for 15 down and
15 per month; writ* for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st.; rentals, new machines, S3 per month.
A— BUI'S, sells or rents g«ar machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
A SAFE in\estm<?nt; BOO shares Washington OH
at 23c; In proven grounds near. Monarch
wells. Erx 1977. Call office...
FOR sale — A white Siberian. dog about one year
o 1(1 - Address U E. ARCHEIl. 294 O'Fsrrelt.
: KOR pale— Firewood, {2 per load, delivered. E.
• C. PITCHER. 6th and Hooper; ttl. South 175.
FOR sale— Two fresh cows at 2321 Twenty-third
, st., back of City and County Hospital.
BUIT of out-grown clothes; good as new; also
; mackintosh; cheap. >29 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Good bedstead, spring mattress,
1 table, scale. Apply Monday. 1S77 Mission st.
j PEDIGREED Ft. Bernard bitch. 1« months old,
J cheap at 2 Miles court.
A— 10-TON Howe wagon scale; ! compound
- beam. Apply at 216 California it. '
A-15 AND 23 H. P. boiler: ! H. P. engine;
• cheap. J. BURKE. 129 Beale st.
" BEAUTIFUL SpantFh pups. ( weeks old, S3.
• Apply 7C0A Harrison st. j •
30 2ND-HAND enameled bath tubs; 20 H. P.
Westlr.gbou** motor; cheap. 204 Mission' St.
60.000 BIUCK for rale at Third and Stcveo-
• eon Et*.
FOR pale— An upright piano In good order:
; price J100. 214 Franklin St..
• TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. nil makes, at low
: flKUrf , !> - lj> - & M - ALkXA XDER. UOMontg'y.
Garollni or distillate engines, new and 2d-hand;
r all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, hi Bluxome.
t FIRST-CLASS eecond-hand modern engines and
r boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
2D-HAND eteam, gas, oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought end sold. White. t!6 Mission.
r PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
i. bought, sold, exchanged. IW Montgomery st.
- SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER.
i MAN. SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento »t.
a MAGIC lanterns, new and - 2d-hand moving
pictures. ISL'LLAim & BRECK. 131 Post st.
» SAFER— New «nd second hand; all sisen. THE
' WALTZ PAFB. WMll Market St., 8an Fran.
- «llSCHI.L,A*KOli» WAV!**.
WANTED — A recond-hand brougham cheap for
- ca^h. nox 1870. Call office.
1 ' -
i. WANTED— A shuffle-board. Apply 28 East st.
- LADIES* and Rents' cust-off clothing bought 4k
, sold. Sllverman, 9S4 Kolsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
' WANTED— A small safe and cash register.
" Pox 1SS9. Call office..
ZT~ MOXEY TO LOAN. - ~
' HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
; liberal advance* on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
• est rates. Baldwin Jewelry 6tore, 848 Market
tt.; tsL Kcia Wit. Branch lJ.TbJr4.rt. .
4 _ __ _ : : : — ' . ' .' — — ~— +
IT^^^^n 1 POST INTRODUCTORY BUREAU
IraSiy THE *S A T V R D AY .
Kfl EVENING POST
l^KffjyV^OT.I 1 The OHcft Payer In /\wr«ea
|^^#^r^| The Curtis Pub/i/hing Company
/>•••** arp'tn% Philadelphia
San Francisco 1 , Cal., Feb. 23, 1901.
Manager San Francisco Call —
I hesitated somewhat about advertising
in the want columns of the San Francisco
Call, believing that I could receive a bet-
ter class of men from the other dailies,
but to my surprise I have obtained better
results and a more gentlemanly and intel-
ligent" class of workers from last week's
advertisement in your paper than from all
the others combined. Please continue our
advertisement until further notice. "
The Curtis Publishing Company, ,
Pacific Coast Manager.
¦i , „ : 1 : !•
MONK V TO I'O A>j
A— MONET to loan at rates ¦which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.: do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with stranger*
i and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
' publicity. Rooma 9 and 10. SOS Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second morte&ers. estates In probate. Interest
In t states, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor,
Chronicle building. HALLORAX &. QL3EX.
ANY amount at « per cent ; 1st, Id and 3d mort-
gugrs, undivided interest, real entate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get ror terms before doing busings else-
where. R. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
LOWFST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party: no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room >, Conservatory bldg., 801 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HE5THAL. 10 Sixth;
highest pric* for oM gold, sliver, diamonds.
ON furniture, piano*; no removal: money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market it.i room 68.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. ito. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 4J1 California.
$1<>O,CW TO loan on" real estate or for building;
low rate. Home nidg. Co., 222 Bansome, r. 3.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mt^s: city, country: 6%. undi-
vided lnte. : estates. HARPER, 397 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLET CO.. 321 Parrott building.
MONEY to loin a\\ furniture by private party;
low rate. *17 Market St.. room 1.
CASH loaned to ralaried people on note without
indorser. MOHRELL V 6<i8 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency, 14J Fhelan big.
MUSICAL ISSTRUMEXTS,
PACKARD— Packard— Packard— Is the name to
keep in mind when you want to buy a first-
class plar.o for a fair price. A full assort-
ment can always be found at MAUVAIS",
7W Market it. .
PIANOS for cash— piano* on time— pianos
I ch»op— and piano? high — price can be had at
j MAUVAIS 1 . 789 Market st. » .
YOU cannot ' make a nils-take If you buy a
Decker & Son. Packard, Raumetster, Smith ft
Rarnn, Wlliard or Arlington piano at
MAUVAIS'. 783 Market st. You can pay cash
or installments.
ITIE Mauv.-il? Music Co., agents for the cele-
brated Decker & Son pianos, have Just re-
celved another carload of these beautiful in-
rtruments. The greatest variety in styles of
cages and woods can be. seen, and persons de-
siring to select one of these mwt perfevt
pianos should .call early. "Wareroom, 763
Market et. • .
ANY person having use for a piano can !>e ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
naeiest payments, lowest prices and m<Ht re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the bxst
of their grade, from gtelnwny down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
pricfd pianos for a new Steinwar «">' tlrn*
within throe years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell som« jcood
plnnos for $3, M and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO.. Stelnwny dealers, cor-
ner Kearny nnd Sutter sts.. S«in Francisco ;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oak-
land. __
AT wholesale until March 1st. 70 n*w pianos,
$13S up. Greatest offer ever made In prices
and terms $t per month and up.
6 Stelnways *1*S
1 Novella t6-
4 Hallet & Davis..... $493
8 Heine W83
7 Chlckerings, «0 others %t0
We handle all makes: agents for some of
the oldest and most famous pianos in ex-
istence.. Hallet Davis, Behr Bros.. Jewett,
«c; agents wanted. HEINE PIANO COM-
PANY. 217 Geary sL
ABSOLUTELY tne oldest and lamest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'rf. 26.
IS and 30 O'Farrell St.; piano?, orgajia and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. _^_
WE have too many s'cond-hand pianos; price
from |80 to JIM; will no cheap: crowded for
room for new planoi; prices and terms beat
rent: new pianos from $175 up: see the new
Hazleton— nothing b«tter made. THE J.
DEWING CO.. Flo-)d building.
A BONA-FIDE cleaning-out removal sale of
reeoml-hand plnnos at low auction prices. $20
up (this week only). WILSON'S Storage. 1710
Msrket gt. >|
A FEW new pianoB for ?1M; second-
hand from $30. BENJ. «:URTAZ & SON.
1« O'Farrell st. Chlckering and Voge agency.
WHY second-hand piano? $151 will buy new
one. W. C. HAMILTON, 8 Flood building.
FINK standard upright piano; must be nacrl-
flced In 5 days; leaving city. >2« Oolden Gate.
WANTED— Second-hand piano cheap for cash;
no dealers. Box • 1S60, Call offlce. ¦
WANTED— Fire good square pianos for coun-
try schools. BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post st.
HIGH-GRADE pisnos; Ptsck. Hardman. Con-
ovcr and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 814 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
8CHMITZ. is McAllister St.. next Illb. Dank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap; brilliant,
powerful ton*. ' HORNUNG, 214 McAllister.
jjyrtoN MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co., Bvron
Mauxy. Gabler and Spellman pianos. 305 Post.
OX sale-Stelnway upright. $200. 217 Geary St..
room 36. ,
PFECIAL SALE— Immense reductions; sew our
leader. only_$JW._BRUE^N^N._ 208_Post_st
AT KEEFFE'S 83S Market St., 4 elegant up-
rights at your, own price. Shonlnger axency.
KKST rent stock in city; new pianos, «3 per
month. SCOTT-CURT AZ. • 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
M17LLER. maker, repairer, t I^athnm place.
UKKJCKS AMI HTOKKS 'kl> l-lii'.
CORNER store— West corner Fourth and Perry
ets.: occupied as grocery *nd bar lor past 30
years: rent 120: water free. Apply to O. li.
UMBSEN & CO.. H Montgomery st.
CHEAP light offices: Emma Spreckels build-
ing. 927 Market Bt. -¦-
~ ' • , 'Oil*
A PROPOSITION ' in Toll stock that can't be
beat; nothing on'the market' ertual to It; Al
company; controls 420 acres in Sunset distjlct;
has CW» burrfil wsl; No. 1 now, drilling; limited
amount of stock at 15 cents per share; cash or
Installmente. C. F. MOORE, 935 Market St.,
room «. .... ¦ ¦ ¦
OIL lands for sale— JZO acres positively prov«n
oil land for sale in 8. 24. T. M; R. 27. Kern
River district, $1*3© . per acre; will sell In
20-acre lotn and upward. Call or- address
• A. K. PERCIVAL & CO.. Stt Nineteenth St..
Bakersfleld. . • .. ; • -...¦¦,';
1000 BHARES'Mt. Shasta Oil and Development
stock at 6oc per soars, ¦ any Dortlon; com-
pany's price POc:party needs money. Apply
. F. R. GRANNIS, ; Oil Lands. 232 Montgom-
ery st. , , ¦ • ¦¦-. • ' .
A FEW men with capital to promote an oil
company; two wells; full investigation. Box
1875, Call office. . - ¦¦•¦¦¦'
300 SHARES Califorrla Standard Oil Co.:
make offer: each' or •3<»* days' time. Address
box 247, Oakland. Cal. \
WANT 4 more to- promote company; $260 each;
SO acres oil land. Box 1581. Call. . .
I OIL.
OIL companies prospecting for oil should see
W. S. CtUXYON, the underground tracer of
oil. water and mineral before sinking their
wells. Address SSS Illinois Ft.. San Fran.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, 530 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL, EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
TtlL LA>D!« FOR SALES.
KERN* River; proven territory; line of R. R.
Newton, Carmen & Somes, r. 104. Chronicle.
1MI.MKKS A.\J> lliaollATOI!^,
Wall paper, window thades; rooms papered, 13
up. Jensen & Path, SOS Sixth; open evenings.
IMLAIXS'liR.Y.
WjTFTnROKSKK, »npnt Hlc "r^inrht? ~"nw&-
Ings dally. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. 203 Turk «t.
II. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist.' 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 6S1.
J'ATK.Vl'!* AMI PKNSIO.VH.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
OKO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer, Examiner big.
rKUSOXAI.S.
REFINED and prepossessing business woman,
eunie means, wishes to meet cpiitle.man of
moderate means matrimonially Inclined. Box
JJtfl.jralL
EDUCATED, refined widow desires to meet
elderly gentleman of means; object matri-
mony; no triflei*. MRS. V. WILSON. Sac-
ramento, Cal.
GENTLEMAN of 40 desires to correspond with
young lady or widow; object matrimony. Ad-
dress box 1SS9. Call office. ¦ ¦ •
A RESPECTABLE a»:ttle,man withes to meet
rt-gpectnWe lady; object, marriage. Bos 1S42,
Call office.
CAMILLE— O. K. Monday, on corner. ;
Le It.
THE Star Hair Hen.ed}- 1» guaranteed to re-
store' gray and ftiued hair to natural color. I
cure dandruff, and Itching scalp, stop falling
and grow new hair. .If your ilruKlglxt or hair-
dresser cannot supply you. call at 65B Geary
et., or 395 I.orkin st. Do not be persuaded to
take any other; there U none bo good. The
Star Remedy Co.. 3an Franelnco.
IP you want to he successful In all your affairs
and brinjc health, happiness, love and all that
1* good within 'your resch. you must learn
how to Influence people; I will tench you
how. MRS. VALEEN. ,215 Leavenworth st.
LADIES, have a . beautiful bust; Orenm of
noses flesh I food- positively .strengthens and
develop* any part of the body. MRS. A.
RYAN will give frco treatment Feb. 25. 2(1
» and J7. X10i Market et.. suite 24-
PROFESSOR MEHOEK'S mineral oil and
salve; rood for dropsy, paritlysls and nip-
tup?. 1228 Market at., rooms g and 0.
MAKSAOE. physical " culture, hydrother&peu-
tlcs. Wairner's Institute, US Stockton, r. 22;
tel. Jamos 13S1. . .
PRIVA1E detective work; reasonable rates; 10
year*' experience. J. 15. RAY, 257 Jessie st.
GOOD thing for country people. Address bos
1901. Call office. ;
PAG corpets wore to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. OEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
VALUABLE Information will be given to all
person* addicted to the use of cigarettes, llo-
ucr,. morphine or any other drug by MRfl. E.
PEARCE. 72« Flxth sve.. Richmond District.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment:
no knife, plaster or pain: book and testi-
monial* maileii free. Cano«r Institute. .121
West Forty-second St., N. Y. ;-,
UEAFNEES cured or no pay. C. ROWAN,
Milwaukee, WIs.
A— $J EO DERBY and Fedora hots. »1 V\ Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 380 Kearny Ft., ne«r Pine.
FINE suits. $10: dr»ss punts. K 73. MISFIT
CLQTHINO PARIvORS. 4J7 Montgomery St.
MASQUERADE cotstmnes. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 783 Mkt.
OOOD home open for healthy boy or ulrl hiby.
Mm. Dr. Funke. 14 IS Elghtli St.. Alameda.
KLECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et.. neur Market: 700 rooms;
25c to It 50 per nlfht;-$l TO to $S per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from th? ferry.
V.'IIITI! enamel Iron beds, slnirle; three-quarter
or douMe. 11 25. EASTERN OUTKITTINO
CO., 1310-1S13 Stockton St., near Broadway,
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office, 1021 Market st., nr. Sixth.
MACHINE turning, metal spinning, brass fin-
ishing & models made. A. Graff. 10 Stevenson.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter *t.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Ccm ralnt, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian H«nna: restores gray
hair to Its naturnl color: tl; at all drupglsti;.
l'HYSICIA.NS AM) SUHGIiO.VS.
DR. cTc. O'DONNELL— OffleT"and residence,
1021H Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully i
treats^* II- diseases of the human body: see
testlmonjt-ls at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Kllis.
FIRM, RSTATTC-~f:iTy— Vn» «\t.W.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. CS7 Market st.
12100— Four small flats; all rented for $30; half
cash.
{2SS0— Two Fplendld flats; rented $23; near i
Sixth.
$2700— Two swoll Misision flats; 6 rooms each
and stable; rents $30; mortgage JS3G0.
$2S00— Sacramento at., cast of Powell; rents
$25 net; Mie tenant 12 >ecrs.
$S250— Two nice fiats, 5 rooms each; half-
blofk from Market at.
$3500— Three nlco tl«ts; all rented; near Nine-
teenth and Mission ats. ; peyg 10 per c«nt.
$.'.r.(!0— Corner: 40xSO, with cood 10-room houee;
' Hyde nt.
*7;.00— Four brand new flats, cant or Van Ness
ave,. ; all rented. $T2.
$77riO— Fplendld investment; n«ar Van Ness
ave. ; rents $51.
ISJOO— Huslness property; Ninth st., near Mis-
sion: Vents $43.
$11,000— Store and two strictly modern flats of
7 and 9 rooms: north of Market, st. '
$12, £10— Leaven worth St.; rents $103; lot 53-
feot front.
H4.0WV- Three elegant flats; rented for $143;
swell locality.
$28,t«t— Near .Howard' and Third nt«.; rents
t?W; bank mortgage J-^.f-OO; let 4St]80.
J2R.CCO— Hu»In«"S property of i stores and 8
' flats; rents tiiO: lot 75x;»0 feet. .
$38,000— M|sslon-st. drner; 17Qxl6Q; actually
1 worth $55,000; muFt seli at once. ,
"U40.00O— Corner: Ooldan Gate ave. : 137:6x137:6;
rents $240. •
$55,000— Grand . corn«r: 60-foot front; few
. blocks Oryheum; pays 6 per cent not.
' |75.0«v-arand corner: 60-foot front; within
block of Tlvoll; old improvements; rents $100.
Other bargains.
• .Apply A. M. H PECK & CO.. 867 Mnrket St.
• AN nwful sacrlflee— Lot S0x>.4$ feet, with cozy
I • cottage and hlncksmlth sliep renting for $2J,
: on corner Fourth and Cljos sts,. Ban Rafael:
J26CO: half caeh. A. M. SPECIE & CO.. 867
; Market st. • -¦-¦¦¦.- ;¦.-¦¦-
i $6oO-tLOT on Michigan st., opposite Union Iron
Works, AV. F. McCLTJRE. U Montgomery st.
; $3200— BARGAIN ; new oottaje: 5 rooms;' eaay
terms.-; SI4 : Jtreeyet. - •• . •¦¦ . * .
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR I4AB.
O. H. UMBBEN A CO..
t Real Estate Agents,
-- ¦ ,. • 14 Montgomery st,
• \ COTTAGES AND RESIDENCES.
$:J0O— Bay-window cottage . of 6 room* and
' ¦ bath near Golden Gata ave. and Devlsa-
dero St.; lot 25x90.: • •
$2750— Cozy bay-window cottaxa of 6 rooms and
- bath on Busb at., vicinity of Davlsadero;
. . stone walks; street bltumenUed; • let Z9x
100 feet ¦
13750— Nice bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
- bath on Shrader at., clow to Golden
-. Gate Park; In first-class order; lot 25x
135. • ' - .
$1900— Bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; McAllister st., near Golden Gate
Park; lot 25 feet front.
$i75O— Bay-window house of 6 rooms and bath
on 25th st.. close to Valencia: mortKa«e
of $2C0O can remain If desired; brick
foundation, stone walks, etc.
$J750— Two-story bay-window house of 7 rooms
on 16th st., close to. Castro: mortgage of
$1500 at « per cent can remain If desired;
lot 40x100. .
FLATS AND INVESTMENTS.
$520<y-Three flats near Market and Sancbes
eta., on Henry; lot 25x125.
12800— Castro it., near ISth: 2 flats of '4 and S
rooms; rents $27 per month; lot 23x120.
$E76O— Two nice bay-window flats, nearly new,
on Ftrtsom »t-. near 23*t, containing 4
and 5 rooms and bath each; rents for fiO
per month; lot 25x122:6.
$4100— Grocery corner, store and 4 rooms; mort-
gage of $2C0O can remain If desired; lot
25x100; rents for $80 per month, which
is low.
J'JSOO— Near 16th and Valencia sis., front and
rear; renting for $22 per month: lot 2*
feet front.
$l"30 — Cottape of 4 rooms on Merritt St., cloa«
to 17th and Castro; lot 25x80; part cash
if desired.
$2100— Eleventh ave.. near Point Lobos; 2 flats
of 4 and 3 rooms each; lot 23x120.
New * Pocket Map of San Francisco
Ccunty. 25c.
Choice list of building lots In every part
of the city at prices to suit. .
Call and obtain one pf our "Real Estate
Kecords," which contains • list of properties
for sale In all parts of the city.
G. H. UMB5EN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery at.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUOT1O N.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
At our salesroom MONDAY. March 4, 1901. at
12 o'clock noon.
E. M. CARLISLE ESTATE EXECUTORS*
SALE.
NO. 1; '
1910-12 Devlsadero at., eart Hn«. near Pine,
two bay-window bouts* of 7 rocms and bath
each: rents $S8 per month; lot S3:6xl00.
NO. 2. : •
Devisadero St., east Mne. near Pine: build-
ing let I2:«xl00; gas. water and sewer pipes
laid in the lot; stre«t accepted by the city.
CHOICE BCMN158S CORNER.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
NE. ccr. Seventeenth and Guerrero sts.;
substantial Improvement* consist of store, with
4 rcums, basement and stable, flat of 7 rooms j
and bath above; portion of lot not built on;
both streets accepted by th« city.
CASTRO STREET DUSINESS PROPERTY.
FORECLOSURE BALE.
534-« Castro St.. near Nineteenth: two stores,
rents IIS per month; lot 37x125.
CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
2i"07 Clay St., near Fillmore; bay-window resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath; conservatory; two j
desirable parks- in vlo*«- proximity: lot Mx |
127:8b; at a small outlay could be converted
into flat*.
CHOICE RESIDKNCF NEAR PARK.
1071 Page st., near Droaerlck; choice residence
of 10 rooms and bath; bay-windows, brick
foundation, cement walks, etc.: lot 20x137:6.
CHOICE MISSION RESIDENCE.
1406 Guerrero St., near Twenty-sixth ; elegant
residence of 15 rooms and bath; large ground.*,
brick foundation, cement walks: street accepted
by the city: can be «aslly converted into flats
at little outlay: lot 30x133: irregular.
A. A. BOTSEN ESTATE ADMINISTRATORS
SALE.
NW. cor. Sanchez and Twenty-ninth sts.;
substantial improvements consist of store, three
flats and cottexe, windmill and tank: portion
of lot not built on: lot 8r:8xlO5: subject to
confirmation by the efturC
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
McAllister St., south' line, between Baker Mill
Control ave.; two choice residence lots: level
and ready for buHding; street accepted by the
ctty; lots 23x187:8 each: bank mortgage of J2000
can remain.
CHOICE FLATS.
101 Spruce st.. SW. cor. of Jackaon; two de-
sirable flats of 6 rooms and bath each: cam-
mandlnr an unobmtructed marine view; lot -
27:8V4xS5:2 feet; bank mortgage of $2500 at 4
per cent can remain.
MISSION COTTAGE FORECLOSURE SALE.
1-40 Hartford St., brtween Nineteenth and
Twentieth, Noe and Cantro; bay-window cot-
tage of 7 rooms and buth.
MISSION COTTAGK FORECLOSURE SALE.
3fc9 Jers*y St., betweea Noe and Castro. Twen-
ty-fourth and Twenty-filth; bay-window cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; brick foundation,
cement walk*, etc.
MISSION COTTAGE 1'ORKOLOSURE SALE.
1023 Sanchez St., -i»ar Twenty-third: bay-
window cottage of 5 rooms and bath; Inclosed
driveway under house; rents $15 25 per month;
cement walks, etc.
For further particular* apply at our office.
. G. H, UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
HOVEK. TOY & SONNTAG.
Real EstRte A cents.
Houses Rented. RentH Collected and Full
. . Charir* Tnken of Property.
624 MARKET ST.
BARGAINS.
M4.0CO— O'Farreli-J't. business corner: close to
Market »t. : lot Mx70 feet; old Improvements;
one of the finest corners in the city..
J15C0C — Padflc-ave. corner; fine marine view;
lot. 1S7:«x127:SH fe*.
$11. WW— HaUht st.. north »M»; 3 almost new
flats of 6 nnd 7 rooms and bflth each: rents for
$110 per month; lot 30x137:6 feetythls Is a fine
investment."
111,060— I'.uchanan st.: 3 well-built flats of 6
and 7 rooms and bath each; rents for $85 per
month: lrt 25x£0 feet.
!22.5Of>— Pobt-st. corner, near -Taylor s>t. : lot
4<>x8O f«et; store and 3 flat" renting for *10>1
per month: building can be raised arid income
lnerwifed by. putting under another store.
$3000— Webster" st.; 2 fin- flat* of 6 and 9
re-on* and bnth each; lot 22:Sx$7:6 feet; rent*
for »70 per month. " -
- jqrO<V-Drvl«idero «t.. near z *1-
moft new flsts of 7 and ? rorniu an.i Mth
ea«»h: lot 25x110 feet: rente for $'0 per w.nth.
Grove ft.; flats of a nr1 « rooms and
bflth earn: rents f79 TO r»r mnn<h: lot 23xl2i> ft.
$7000— 16th St.. near Sanrhfcz rt. : let :"5xlf>0
feet, with 3 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
caoh: r?ntn for TM r«r month.
$6T0O— Pierce *t.. n»nr Psrc St.: 2 fine tnts
of 6 and 7 rooms nnd hath each-; lot 2 r >x!G>5
fpef. rfrts fnr 151 60 r<cr month.
»G7Q0— Rrtjodway. near Octavln. et.; lot 77x
187'fi fe»t: (*ne morln« view.
»;?E0.-Ca1'foTP»B Ti-. necr I>»rkln »t.: l"t 25x
SO feet: old Improvements; rents fcr $00 psr
nvnth.
S'CCC Mas - nl«*. Rve. ;• elegant house , of 10
rortma »nd bath; modern In every resp-trt; lot
2uTi f 0 f«"Pt. ¦ • '
$&7.W-Orn»r nr\ Kth St.: lot W5.f^t. v.'Uh
store nnd flat above; rents for J13 per r:on«Y
ttr.tlit— F«"rbe»i St.. 'near l^th:' 3 flatP. well
bullt:-lct.2. r >x:ca feet: rents ST4. per. month.
j37,- ( (V_p OC lf»o rt.; near .Tpvlor nt.: 3 flats of
3.4-5 room* each; rents for $42 per month; pays
woll on Investment. —
13,-rfift— ra«*ifi«- Ft\. near Hyde: tot 20xSO feet:
store an«l flat: Incnme $31 oar month.
J30C0— Tr«mont ave.. near^'mWI'*.: i«t.: ect-
tere of 6 rooms and, bath each; lot 2jx80 feet; a
'"V^r'ther rartlculars of BOVEE, TOY A
fiONNTAG.
SOME BARGAINS AT »5 A MONTH
; riffl p.nd I'pwurff Fine bulldln* lots, one
block from Tw»»«v-s*«;«rd-st, ours.
, mock iron. i. ogCAR HEYMAK| 14 r<wt st.
1 rfapt to tnntxt on.
$100 enon— Ix-.ts JSTlfO: Sfifl foet 'r«"» San M»-
teo e!ertri<- cars; Jo monthly. OSCAR HEY-
MAK. 1* rcrt. !*.. ; •
1 f7iTR"wi«h a *rand marine view— Front in* th«
Grand Boulevard and ocean: Br-.rtPd and ready
to build on; Cftsv monthly payments. OSCAR
HI5YMAN. 11 Port rt.
' $12 SO A MONTH— >1! 50 a month buys a new 4-
room rot» o( 'p " n 'l - lotR nrtir Mission st. cars.
1 OSCAR H frY MAN. 14 Post st.
Vant't" He* before bwylnr h"w well we hulld
our houfe". %° out sn.l look at fhp new «-room
cottar** 'now bplivT built; now is the t!m* to
: I<-.rk nt It, »» It will be rMaftorrrt- In anothc
we«-k • onrt nv^t of tb« frame will bo cove red
' up 1 ynw c<\n buy It with your rent money;
tnVe"MI«:<ion-iFt. enrs ur> 2?d St. to Poinriass
) ir"w»»!lfcs--wock to 23d. OSCAR IIEY-
MAN, 11 P«"rt st- ¦•¦--'•
tercf^-A V/HOLE block of land, with fine larR»
t | hw«"r.'-on H«r. Pruno'road: must he sold on
account of-foreclreur*. ' .
>sr.O— y of ' block, e<Mith of Park: well lo-
cated- ch«"B«; W IH mak» pood money.
$27»— 3 lots. cIof« to P«rk; vrelj locatri.
' »tpf>— -Orner; level;. ready to build on; 75x100;
> worth *f*f>. ' :
HcRWEN P°OP.. IIS M^ntpntriery *t.,
• A^snts Fe Townnltf* at Pt. RlchmoniJ.
A TFOROrCHLY rilt-edpe Investment: fine
'" brick block containing - 6 ¦ storvs and flats
above: r.ll rentrd: lot J6xl2«: northeast cor-
; ner" very prominent: rarlnir Rood Interest'
owner want" to »ro Into oil.' Apply to JAMFS
' MASON. Notary, 425 California st., Ban
Franctaco. . -
! KKN.I . H. LICHTENSTEIN. Plvthe building.
H Grant: ave.. ofTstrs a valuable corner on
. Third St.; well .rentcci.
r COTTAGE, S r.iotiis' (rn^d^rn); let 23i7Ti:«;
downtown location; rai:« have n?onev: sacri-
: floe^'*4DT0. Address B. C, box 1775. Call.
CHEAPEST lots In th* Western Addition;
• southwest cor. Pln» and Lyon sts.: 7 lots 25
1 ; x\00 and 23xirr:«: $1230 to $U0fl. McGLTNN A
MENTON..rooin.22,.Chrcnlcle building.
f TF you hove lots to sell north of the Park. tb»o
ca'll on WV"/. GtTX?r.-530 California St.,
. '-, • ¦-.. -.',...¦
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR g-**" 138 -
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
¦• .-' 10 Montgomery tt.
PARTIAL, LIST OF SOUTH OF MARKET
IMCOME AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES.
?4.750— Brannan si., near Third; 2 houses;
rents |40; lot 37:6x137:6.
$3.300— Bryant st.. near Second: double resl-
¦ dpnce of 2 tenements, 8 rooms and bath
»ach: rear house 3 tenements ; rents
$42; lot 13x90.
50,000— Bryant St., near Third; 1 store» and 3
flats; rents 152; lot »xW>.
$3.0OO-Bryant St.. near Ninth: J flats of 4
and 5 rooms; rents $24..
$3. COO— Bruce place, off Harrison st.. near
Seventh; " 1-story frame building of 3
tenements; rents $2$; lot 23x75.
$1,OCO— Bryant-st corner: three 1-story trams
¦ -~ buildings; rents $33: lot 23xS0.
$3,250— Clara st.. near Fourth; 2 flats of S
rooms each; rents 527.
$4.CC0— Clementina *t.. near Eighth; 2 tene-
ments of a and 6 rooms; rents $37 50;
lot J5x;i
$12,500— Eighth st., near Mission; S-story orlck
building, store and 2 flats; rents $75;
let 2fl::x73.
$5,6S0 — Eighth St.. near Folsom: store and
rooms; also rear house: lot 27:6x137:6.
I25.C00— FKth-st. corner, near Market; splendid
Improvements: well rented.
$20, GOO— First-Et. comer; a lots; large fram*
house.
$7.0W— Folsom st. near Sixth: 2 houses, 7
rooms and bath each; rents $S0; lot
37:8x30,
$14,000— Fourth st., near Folsom; 2 stores and
rooming-house above; rents $120; lot
40x57 :S.
$1C,SOO— Fourth st.. near Bryant; 4-story traras
building, stores and rooms above; lot
ST.xSO; make an offer.
$27.000— Folsom st.. near Fourth: old brick Im-
provements; car stables; lot 73x165,
through to Shipley at.; also Clara-st.
frontage.
14,750-Folscm «t., war E'.fhth; I storei ar.d
flat and 2 Cats In rear; rents $12 50;
lot 25xrO.
JC5.000— Fourth-st. corner, close to Market; S-
story and basement building; always
rented; pays 6 P#r cent net
$4,000— Fifth St., near Folsora; cottaje of 4
rooms: rents $12; lot 23xlG0.
$S,SOO— Harriet St.. ntar Harrison; < tene-
ments; rents 154; lot Mx.75.
$5,500— Howard st., near Seventh; old Improve-
ments; lot 23x90.
Sll.COO-IIoward St.. near Sixth; B-story, build-
ing; rents $S0.
$73.CCO— Howard St.. close to Thtrd; fine Invest-
ment; partially Improved: will pay •
rer cent net; large lot 134:6x185.
$6,000— Howard st.. near Seventh; old Improve-
ments: rents $35; lot 25x96.
SlS.OOO-Hownrd «*.. opposite N»w Montgom-
ery;, frame Improvements; rents $04;
lot 4JxS0; eorner.
US. 600— Howard *t-. near Fourth; total rants
$21S 60; 73x157:1.
$6,000— Jessie st., near Fifth; store and 2 Coots
above of 8 rooms; renU $50.
$1 500— Martposa terrace; cottage; rents $10;
lot 60x50; n«ar Eighth and Folsom sts.
$9,CC0— Mlnna-st. corner; store and 8 rooms:
i fiat of 7 rooms and bath; bouse. 7
rooms and bath: rents $62 50: lot 25xS8.
t,«,or<v-M!nna it., near Third; 3-story brick
bulldlne containing stores and rooms:
i " rents $00; lot 20x70.
CREAM OF 1 PARK LOTS.
Opposite New Park Entrance.
; Rare chance for bomt builders and Invest-
! meat seekers.
Choicest buM-ilng lots on very easy pay-
. me-nts; en the M-st. electric cars and fronting
" GcMen Gate Park and the new Nlneteenth-
a^ t. boulevard.
Lots and streets on th« orfldal grade; macad-
PSKlzed: plank sidewalks: gas and water ser-
! vlc»; low prices; bound to Increase In lvalue;
your own terms; interest only i per cent.
Money advanced for building purposes; the
rcetllest and handsomest modern nouses m
' Ritnset district are now being occupied and
' € instructed on the new Nlneteenth-ave. boule-
' Cell «t once at our branch office (open wMk
days, Sundays nnd holidays), corner of H st.
ami Ninth ave.. south of Golden Gate Park.
* ami ask to b» shown thase beautiful lots: full
« Particulars and P^^Vn^s/h^eEST
10 Montgomery st.
\ $n;0O RENTS $1230 PER ANNUM
1 Price reduced to make imm«dlat# sals; jwn«r
i must sell on account of departure:. 3 new.
decant, substantial, up-to-date flats on JacK-
» son st.. near Polk; only 3 years old; same
tenants sine*, finished; bulkling cost over $12.-
000- can he rented for $180 more per annum;
s lot 2SxlI7:SVi: a splendid and excellently lo-
i catert Investment. " ¦ ¦
' BALDWIN A HOWF.LU 19 Montgomery st.
, McAFEB nROTHERS,
KR Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
1 Splendid home, nearly new. on Pactflo
I H-iKhm- 8 large rooms, with attic and base-
' .rient: finely ftnlfhed throuehtrot; with uninter-
rupted marine view: price $12,500.
Two new flats In Panhandle district; 7 rooms
I each: rented for »70 monthly; price- $75CO.
• Four flats sovth of Market St.. In good condi-
tion; new plumbing, etc.: rent $40; price $&.i0.
I LarKe lot. KixlH. In th» Mission, wrth cottage
' of 7 room>; r«lu<^d to 13500; a very cheap buy;
house stands on 23 feet.
Two Hat* in fine renting location; Just fln-
" Isbcd: 6 pnd 8 rooms; *H latest modern lm-
• provements: will rent for $50; you can't beat
these' flat* for the mor.ey.
Lots overlooking the Presidio grounds, on
* north elde of Mreet; .onlr $® per foot.
Twelve fine building lots in Western Addition:
eorner Scott and McAllister sts.; get plat at
office.
Taclfie and Presidio Heights lots. We are au-
thorised to offer at very reasonable prices sev- ]
j etal choice lots In theee districts. Call for list.
Only $1500 each— Four low on Dolores st., be-
tween Liberty snd Twenty-first: 25x92:6 each.
? Three-room house In South San Francisco;
' only *3S0; c. *nnp.
•Nine lots at Twenty-flfth snd San Bruno sts.,
• $600 and u.ward; ££•»>£ BR0THERg>
r 10? Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
e MADISON & BURKK.
Esfsbllshed January. 1S^8.
• Real Estata Agents.
Full charge taken of property.
t ¦ «26 Market St.. <pposlte Palace Hotel.
A $2200— Two nice flata; Broadway, near Jones;
¦ rent $18: this is in good condition.
$SMX>— Post ?t.. near baker: lot and lir.prove-
9 nwnts; rent $33; lot Ki.U7:S; must b« sold to
* close estate.
S68CO— Pln« St.. near Kcott; two flats: rents
- $37 En: lot !5xl37:«. : ''»_*"^
t, $700^— Three flats: n»«r O Farrell and Web-
ster; well rented: lot 25x90.
d Laundry bu'.ldinc with two flowing wells of
. Al water, tanks, barn end lot l<Wxl20, on north
0 line of Lombard St.. betwe-n Fillmore and
II Stelner: a!s"> lot 132x120 on Chestnut st. In
rear; rents ?73 per month; must be sold on ac-
s count of non-restdenee.
45 Bush-st. corner, near -Kearny; lot *ix70. with
large, substantial bull lings: rents 1230 per
MisMon-st. bargain, near Tweirth; large lot;
x new improvements, store and Hats; rent $110;
r prlc?. US.fOO-
n JiO.IfKi — Fin<? vacant property: Jot J7:6x?O.
» with tw9 corners; Taylor and Greenwich sts.;
just tM plutf for a grocery,
h $VX*0— An elesant north corner in the Presidio
Heights district; 60x9<i; thl3 Is choice prop-
II erty an«l very cheap.
$f£0fl — Bush st., near Webster: 8 ronms and
,f bath: elegently Hnish«d Interior; 27x100.
s $7C00— Harriet St., near Howard; lot 60x75.
holding frontage to Sixth st. ; rent $otj.
$1S.«500— An elegant Rinrlne view house. In the
best of condition: will take a smaller house
- for nart ray If not too tar out. x -
a Suttar St., corner of Buchanan; S5x$7:6; only
tSOCO. MAPISOX & DURKE. SZ9 Market st.
fc — — — — — ——————— ——^—^—— ———
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Quick Sales. Small Profits, Our Motto!
Cheapest Lots. Best Locations.
i- $3to to $300— Graded Sunset Heights lots; $25
'- down. $10 monthly.
- $1TO to $800— Tour choice In Richmond lots.
* Buy from us and save T> per cent. $25 down,
y $10 monthly.
$7T,, , $100. *20" to $359— Level boulevard " lots
|1 and near Mission st. : $10 down, $5 monthly.
'" $750. $1000 to $250.)— Splendid cottages In Sun-
- s»t, Richmond and Mission; all bargains; easy
terms.
d *-"— —*
•n Branch office Ninth ave., near H st. Sunset.
,-r SOL GKT7. * CTtOTHER.
,1 ROOM 31, CHRONICLE BUILDING.
r; ** ™— - —
JOHN PFORH. 4f3 Pine St.. near Montgomery.
- f25C0 Rent $240 per annum: buainen* prop-
'* erty on-Elshtetnth St.; store and t rooms.
' n $4Sf,0— Make offer; rent $W3 per annum; 2 fine
flats on Folsom St., nr. Fourth: always rented.
J - Sll CCO— Rent $1?3: corner property In a grow-
ing manufacturing neighborhood : stores and
flats; this '» nn extraordinary pickup.
&: K2S0— Will buy a lot «3:«xt?) in an Improving
pait rf Hrcderlok st.
- $70.CCO— A centrally located property; a b*r-
"* K *$i0 (W— 5 cottages and lot KO ft. front by 82:6
! e ft depth: on Ediiy St.. near Scott.
$5710— Rent I&33 per annum; a fine 8-story
, • house, store and 2 flats upstairs: on Geary st.,
.„ n««r Fillmore.
$40(0— Credit tale of a Pork Panhandle prop-
*rty In Oak st., near Crntrsl ave.; fine cottage
_ t>f 6 rooms and bath; lot 2&xll0.
fl $82,300.
Down Tott( Investment.
Rents $800. THE McCARTHT CO.. €13 Mkt.
4'. IN Mill Valley, h n!ce home for sale eh?ap on
account of departure. J2G Turk st.. S. F.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General' Land
j5 . . Asent. J24. Mont«omery st.
. Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
_ and Douglass «ts. ; must be sold: SCxlU f«.-ct.
:b 11(00— North Unc Carl st.. near Stanyan; Si
127:« feet. ,-J- : \<\
REAL E5TATF — CITY-— FOBL SAXg.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE * CO..
63S Markfrt st.
BEAUTIFUL WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE-MUST BE SOLD. :¦*¦*
6000— On Scott st. ; handsome bay-wtndowed
house. 8 rooms and bath: porcelain tub; two
tile mantels, etc. ; bitumen street: cement
walk; can arrange terms.
CHEAPEST PROPERTY
. SOUTH OP MARKET.
$5300— Must be said to satisfy mortgage: thre*
elegnnt bay-tviurtow-u flat*, almost n«w: si-
ways .rented at $53 per month; Minna at.
POWELL STREET CORNER.
JSOOO— Rents JlJfrt; three stores and lodging-
house. 31 rooms and basement.
REACTS $51&-VRICE XXTA.
Four Hne fiat*. 5. 5, i, 3 rooms; brick founda-
tion; near First anil Howard sts.
NEW MISSION CORKEB FLATS.
{3250 — Northeast corner; 25x100 feet; two n«w
modern flats: 4 and 6 rooms and bath: porce-
lain bath; tiled mantels; 10-foot basement:
brick foundation.
A COZY • HOME:.
J1300— S rooms and batn: high basement: larga
barn; lot 23x114 feet; Hill st., near Church,
NEW ELEOANT MODERN COTTAGE. '
$2500 — 6 rooms and bath; porcelain tub; tile.
mantel: every 'modern Improvement; light
and sunny; level lot; two car lines.
PRETTY MISSION HOME.
$1500— Cottage. 6 rooms and bath; stationary ¦
washtubs; half-block of two car tinea.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
ANT OFFER SUBMITTED.
$3rco— Mfck» offer; three flats. 6. 4. 2 room*;
rents in 90 per month: N'atoma st.
BARGAIN.
J10.0CO— Modern corner residence In the best por-
tion of Berkeley; every convenience; lot lOOx
100 feet; one block from station.
EASTCW, ELDRIDGE * CO..
«3S MARKET ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE ft CO..
133 Market Street.
February 26. 1301.
At 13 o'clock noon.
At oar salesroom. «33 Market street.
PAGE-STREET RESIDENCE.
No. 514 Page St.. near Devlsadero: handiom*
residence of 8 rooms and bath; rents $30; lot
GREEN- S'IRCKT INVESTMENT.
Nos. 1333-30 Or*«n it., near Larkln; t well-
bullt bouses of ( rooms and bath each; rents
$36 per month; lot 31:3x60 to rear street.
McALLISTER-STREET LOT.
North Bid* McAllister st.: ISO feet east of
Lyon; level lot; 25xl37:« feet.
PARK PANHANDLE CORNER JUESlTnCUCK.
Southwest corner; No. SOI Cole and Page sts.:
large beautirul sunny residence of 8 rooms tad
bath: rents $45 per month; lot S3xlM:3 feet.
. MISSION FLATS.
Nos. 3^25-30-32-3* Nineteenth St.. near Saa-
rKt: two pain cf flats and lot to t>« siM
separstely: 4 and 5 room* and bath each; rents
121 and j:5; lots each 25x114 feet.
MISSION COTTAOT.
$200 cash: balance an rent. No- 381 Jersey St..
jj^df C^stroj t - " r *^"'St.ory noiis^. of s. rooms And
bath: one-half block from Castro-Market cars;
lot 25x114.
PARK PANHANDLE "LOT.*
Went side Central ave. : 100 south of Waller
St.; lot 2SxlC7:6 feet. •' •¦
FULTON-STREET CORNER.
Northeast corner Fulton and Parker av#.t
Ian? a vacant corner: l'j»xI2X feet: on* block
from Golden Gate Park; McAllister cars. pass.
FINE LOT SOUTH OF THE PARK.
West side Twelfth are.; 175 iteet nortfc of M
St.; lot KxlCd fe«t. -..- . •
MISSION CORNER STORE- ANTV VLAT.
Northwest corner; Xo. '1618-20 . Church an-1
Valley sts.; store and 2 rooms and upr*r fl.it s
of 4 rooms and bath; also cottags of .4 rooms:
lot 25x100 feet. . _ ' .
BAT VIEW HOMESTEAD LOTS.
Four lots on Varcouyer and Guadaloup* sts.;
150 feet north of Saute st. ' •
Catalogues with full particulars at office.
EASTON. ELDRIDOE & CO..
823 Market street.
BEAUTIFUL new heme*.
« Beautiful new home*.
On easy terms. „_ Easy terms.
$2730 to $SI0O-Th« Real Estate and Derelnp-
roent Co. are building 11 house* for sale at
actual cost. In order to Improve surrounding
property owned by them; six of these are al-
ready scld. Don't you buy a hom.-» without see-
Ing Unw, The I/.uvh are just being; finished
and are ready for Inspection.
Prices— 5 rooms and bath $I75<>
6 rooms and bath 23.V)
7 room.* and bath • 32Ort
Torms— ffiCO cash: balance In small monthly
installments: Interest S per cent only on unpaid
balance — growing less each month.
Remember— Houses are finished with all th<»
latest Improvements— porcelain tuba, cpen
plumbing, wired for electrte lights, combination
fixtures <e;a» and electric); bus. water and.
sewer connections made; stationary washtubs.
etc.
Lot 25xl0f»; street work done: flns ri«fr.
See property Rt once: you will never hav» an-
other chano* to buy a home at cost price on
easy terms. Tak» ElKhth-st. electric Hn-»
(Market-st. cars transfer) and get off at Mls-
*onrl apd 18th sts. <13 minutes' rtd» from Mar-
ket St.).
Five IgtMits sn th# Bround to-day to sho>*
houses. Ln« Punday there were many peopl*
to inspect the property. There 1 will ba s> much
larger crowd to-day.
Remember— Six of these hi\ses have already
been sold on easy terms: there are only ftv»
now leiu Better see them to-day.
LTON A HOAO.
Ill Montgomery street.
LYON A HOAG. •"
lit Montsomery Str»*t.
$7,000— R«its $73: brand new building en Fil-
more street, containing 2 Cats, ft and 7
rooirs and bath and aljx* i rooms fin-
ished In attic; key lot. 25x115: flat* ar*
built In latest style, kitchen In center;
rplendld view.
$13 300— Fine Investment: rents. $127 M: >
handsome flats, almost new, contaln'n-r.
7 and 8 rooms and bath each: large key
lot: sun and light can never be obstruct-
ed: located north of Market and east of
Van Ness: this is the bisgest bargain on
the market: a safe and sure investment.
JLSOO— «.T»eap lot; Baier st.. between Golden
«ate ave. and McAllister: 25x9«:10. .
$3,600— Nice fiats in the Mission; S an.l i ronma
and bath: lot SsKlOrt; rent $30. -.
$1,500— 2-story bay-window house on S*«>liv»r.
near Gearv; arranged for two famines.
53 600— Rents $3« per month: 3 fine ftat» en
Brodertck St.. containing S and 8 rooms.
hath. etc.
$6,500— Ttto modem flats facing Park Panhan-
dle: containing 6 and 7 rooms and bath:
rents $SJ: mortgage of $-W> can remain.
$3.C30— Very cheap; 3 large new flats: near
22d and Valencia: a!! rented for Jo-t
j2 coo Rents $2»: corner ol Broadway. r\f>*f< to
' Mason: good Investment: consisting ett
2 flats; mortgage o' $300 can remain.
$3 SCO— Fine modern residence on Cola St.; only
short distance from Park; containing t
rooms and bath; lot 25x125. '-* " •
|i« coo— Fays over 10 per cent; rent $110: splen-
dtd corner Investment; close to Park;
4 expensively built flats: new; &!1 rented:
lot »0 feet front.
LTON & HOAO, lit Montjomery rt.
HANDSOME new cottage: J-4C0: $100 cash, bal-
ance monthly; contains « large rc<->3is. porce-
lain bath and basement; 533 San Bruno ave..
one block from Lick Echoul and Slxtcenth-st.
electric cars; see it to-day. LYON A I1OAO.
114 Montgomery st. -
VON RHEIN REAL. ESTATK CO. (Inc.).
v w ;i3 rAL1For osiA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$2O.CvO— Comer on Montgomery ave.; store*
and loiiKlng-hous»: rents $174 W.
jlS PCO— Broa.iway. near Mason: S4:t%xi:7:*:
J n-w ftet* and r?ar house; rent3 $113.
$12,0Cl> — Union st.. near Taylor: 25!>xl^:J: t
modern fiats and rear house: rents iS9 Z0.
$eom— Lombard St.. near Dupcr.t: 40x30 to rear
stre«H; t flats: rents $15.
$S500— Buchanan, near Post; 24xS7:«; hoase of
1 rooms and hath; rent 135.
$5000— Corner Leaven-xorth and Broadway;
cottag» and I flau; rent $41.
$42^)— Alabama, near Twenty-fourth: KxlflO;
2 flat*' rents $^3.
$37»-Jone3. near Vallejo; «:10xiS:3; « Cats;
rent* $^o so.
%ZVA— Cupp st.. near Twenty- fourth; lS:9xS9;
hcure of 7 rooms and . bath ; rent $tt>.
• UNIMPROVED.
U3.C0O— Union, near Masnn: n:5xlJ7:«.
$?CGC— Ccmer Ccl* anil Carl: 10O:7xS7:ft.
$S3fC— Greer.wlch »t.. near Taylor: I3:ioxir::«.
$i"0O— Corner Folsom and Twentieth: S3xl2I:«.
$C0PO— Polk «t.. near Chestnut; 107:teS7:t.
iiZOCi— Fultcn »t.. near FHlinore: l2:ixW:i.' .
-$3T0ft— Laguna St.. near Pnf<*; 23xtf)C.
$2nC0— Steir.er *t-. n?ar Valler: 24x«.
$2750 each— "ost St.. near Deviaader-v. 2 lots.
jioon— Waller et.. near Stanyan: KxlM.
$1X00— Bryant, near Twenty -third; WxlOO.
|lj(^_Cor. Trrenty-second an.l Noe: *S:&xlCS..
$U0O— Suttar et.. near Lycn; K:3xlC0.
A BARGAIN— T Hats n-ar Ctty Hall and G. O.
nve.; snlendld ccndltion: always rented: In-
com* JliCO a year: r* v <« 6 per rent ov.*r all «s-
ponces. vV. O. OrlfS'.h. r. Zl 1-13. Examiner.
MODERN hoes** built: lowest nric**: plan* an<l
evtlroates furni!>b<>d. Campt»ll, 1147 Mission.
i'Oli \h« best bMMtea ir.tit In lilchmonil and' th«
«he«F<wt call on W. J. OUXN. U«> California.For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page 24.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1901.
30
LADIES and gentlemen wanted for a new
college of medicine. Box 1366. Call office.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country.. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO
41o Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 56S0
ICO CASES sparkling Hochhelmer. vintage 'S2,
Jltper case, reduced to $10; 1000 gallons very
old port, sherry and muscatel wine J2 per gal-
L° n> I Tv 1 UC€( U 0 a F * HOLTUM. Johannes-
burg Wine Vaults, 517 California st.
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles in letter by return mall; at drug-
glsts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. PhlladeL Pa.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
4 ROOMS and bath, for adults only; also suit-
able for offlce; rent $15. $18." Call 408 Bran-
nan *t., near Third.
RANCH wanted near Ean Francisco on easy
terms. Address MR. HUNT, 410 Maple st
BORN.
BARBER— In Ocean View, February 21. 1901.
to the wife of B. H. Barber, a daughter.
HEARALTEY— In this city, February 21, 190L
to the wife of Thomas Hearaltey, a son.
MATHETWSON— In this city. February 21. 1901.
to the wife of Nelson Mathewson. a daugh-
ETANG— In this city. February 16, 190L to the
wife of Peter A. Stang, twins. .
STELLING— In this city, February 19, 1901. to
the wife of Martin Stelllng, a daughter.
SULLIVAN— In this city. February 18, 1901, to
the wife of J. J. Bulllvan. a daughter.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
VALENCIA. 191—2 front roomi. well furnished
for housekeeping, with use of bath, rent J10:
also 1 back room, well furnished, with small
kitchen, rent $5.
VAN NES3, 7S«— Two furnished front rooms.
TWELFTH, 111— A Ian
niched room; reasonabl
ge, sunny, well-fur-
le; phone and bath.
TURK. 618—2 unfurnished rooms. $10; one large
front, ?S.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FRANKLIN, 1518, near Pine— Large sunny
front parlor suite newly and elegantly fur-
nished, with board; walking distance three
prominent hospitals; suitable for physician
or either room suitable for two; grates, run-
nlng water, gag, phone; references.
NEWLY furnished sunny suite and other sun-
ny rooms with board; modern conveniences.
1181 Octavla et.
GERMAN family would like to get two gentle-
men for room and board. 1129 Howard st.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
First st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex £07 California St., may
b* found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
FOR Bale or Exchange — A new, modern resi-
dence on Fifth ave.: 0 rooms and bath; nice
grounds; stable for t horses; terms easy. Ad-
dress P. TROT, owner, 416 California st,
San Francisco.
8AN RAFAEL REAL ESTATE.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
$875 — Pretty S-room cottage, with bath, baea-
ment, etc.; only 8 blocks from Frultvale sta-
tion; small payment down, balance same as
rent. H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station,
Cal.
$1600— Cottage of 4 rooms, hall and basement;
stable; chicken house; lot 107x230; easy terms
if desired.
$850— Cozy cottage of $ rooms and bath; high
basement; brick foundation; good well, wind-
mill and tank; stable, shed, chicken bouse; 1$
fruit trees; lot 75x100 fenced.
$1100— $100 cash, balance came aa rent! mod-
ern cottage of 5 rooms and bath, basement.
etc.; lot (0x146; must bo sold; an opportunity
worth Investigating.
$1250— House of 4 rooms, stable, incubator
house; 10 chicken houses. 75 chickens, 50
pigeons; large brooder house, 7 brooders! In-
cubator; good horse, names and wagon; lot
100x150; all fenced.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station.
$1275 — Choice bargain.
New cottage of 4 large rooms; 7- foot base-
ment; good brick foundation; bath, clocets,
pantry; chicken houses; lot 175x150; all fenced;
Sne location; just tha place for raising chick-
ens.
FRX'ITVALE REAL ESTATE.
AHERN— WILSON— In Alameda, February 17.
1001. by the Rev. Father O'Connell. William
J. Ahern and Daisy Wilson of Oakland.
DANBERG— NELSON— In this city, February
23, 1S01. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander of th«
¦ First English Lutheran Church. Charles Dan-
berg and Jennie K. Nelson, both of San
Jose. •
HEENEY— THOMAS— In this city, January 2,
1W1, by the Rev. Father Dempsey, Thomas
J. Heeney of San Francisco and Jessi« M.
Thomas of Eureka, Cal.
PERRY— DENIS— In this city, February IS,
1901. by the Very Rev. Father Prendergast.
Antonio Perry and Sarah A. Denis.
TROEDSON— NELSON— In this city. February
23, 1901. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander of the
First English Lutheran Church. Johan Troed-
son of lone, Cal., and Thilda Nelson of Palo
Alto. Cal.
MABRIED.
BOARD and room In refined private family
for man and wife. Box 1969. Call offlce.
ROOM and board wanted by mother and son;
on car line; reasonable. Box 1S«, Call offlce.
MECHANIC desires board (vegetarian) In pri-
vate family; Eastern or English preferred;
must be reasonable. Address box 1973, Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— HOTEL Robinson, 1049A Market: new man-
agement; furnished rooms, en suite or single;
suites for hkpg. ; very reasonable prices; ele-
vator service; transient; phone Howard 108.
ALAMEDA REAL ESi'ATB.
ELEVENTH. 106— Nicely furnished bay-win-
dow suite for housekeeping; also single rms.
CLEMENTINA. 227— Furnished room for couple
with or without kitchen; no other roomers.
ELLIS, 618—2 or 8 sunny housekeeping rooms;
call Monday.
ELLIS, 621 — 3 rooms, newly furnished, house-
keeping, $20; also 2 rooms, $13 50; sunny.
ELLIS, 420— Furnished housekeeping rooms and
others; bath, gas and telephone.
HAIGHT, 222— For couple, I nicely appointed
housekeeping rooms; gas range; telephone;
reference.
STOCKTON. 607— Elegantly furnished floor of
4 sunny rooms; also single rooms.
SIXTH, 136 — Sunny rooms for light housekeep-
ing; also room for gentleman.
SECOND. 212— Well furnished for housekeep-
ing; quiet, neat, clean and respectable-; rea-
sonable.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726. nr. Dolores—* sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
1 LARGE housekeeping roomi 1 sunny front
room, suitable for 2 gentlemen or dr«semaker.
332 Turk et.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn, and t'nfurn.
ARGYLE, The, McAllister st, ¦ cor. Larkin—
This high-class rooming-house is newly open-
ed; it has been elegantly and tastefully fur-
nished; every Improvement for comfort and
eanltary requirements has been adopted; all
outside, sunny rooms, with or without baths*
parties with references are Invited to Inspect
the above premises; rooms shown in tha
evening.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets, un-
der the ausDlces of California Lodge No. 1,
I. O. O. F. Cremation Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. Remains at the funeral carlors of
Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street. Mission
Masonic Temple.
DAVENPORT— In this city. , February 22. 1901.
George A., beloved son of Frank 8. and
Katie E. Davenport, and brother of James,
William, Gertrude, Frank. Charlie and Fan-
nlo Davenport, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 3 months and 25 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
CT Interment private, at Sacramento.
DAVIS— In this city. February 18, 1901, John
A. J. Davis, beloved uncle of Mrs. George
King, a native of Kentucky, aged 71 years
11 months and 14 days. (Louisville, Ky., pa-
pers please copy.)
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 468 Fell street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery-
THE members of the Knights of St. Patrick
are requested to attend the funeral of our late
brother. Judge M. Cooney. at the above time
and place. R. C. O'CONNOR. President.
JAMES F. O'BRIEN. Secretary.
CROCKER— In this city, February 23. 1901,
Julia A., widow of the late Clark W.
Crocker.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 23 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COONEY— In Sacramento. February 22. 1901.
Michael, beloved husband of Catherine
Cooney, and father of James J., William M.,
Agnes F. and Teresa B. Cooney and Mrs. G.
W. Ebner. a native of Ireland, aged B9 years.
(C^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sun-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at Odd Fellows' Hall.
Seventh and Market streets, under the aus-
pices of San Francisco Lodce No. 3, I. O.
O. F.
CLIFFORD— In this city. February 23. 1901.
Joseph P., beloved eon of Patrick and Ellen
Clifford, and brother of John T.. Nellie M.
and William H. Clifford, a native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years. A member of Rln-
con Parlor No. 72, N..S. G. W.
CyFriends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 207 Duncan street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BARWICK— Drowned on board steamer City of
Rio de Janeiro, in Ean Francisco Bay, Feb-
ruary 22. 1S01, Edward Anton Barwlck. be-
loved husband of Clara Barwlck. father of
Hedwlg and Henry Barwick. and brother of
Bernhard, Heinrlcn, Casar and Hedwlg Bar-
wick, a native of Schadenwalde, Germany,
aged 34 years 9 months and 14 days.
CHASE— In this city, February 22, 1901. James
B. Chase, beloved father of Harry F., Wil-
liam V., Thomas D., Malcolm P. and Sam-
uel B. Chas» and Mrs. J. B. Walden, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 73 years 11
months and 19 «*.2ys.
BARTON— In this city, at her residence, 207
Duncan street, Mrs. Barton, beloved wife of
, Joseph Barton, and mother of Edward J.
and Lillian M. Barton, a native of Carrick-
beg. County Waterford, Ireland, aged 60
years 6 months and 27 days.
DIED.
Barton. Mrs. Lawton. Mabel I.
Barwick, Edward A. Llndstrom. John E.
Chase. James B. McCarthy, Nellie
Clifford. Joseph P. McQlffln. James
Cooney. Michael McLaughlin, Francis
Crocker, Julia A. Meade, John
Davis. John A. J. Mehrmann, Mary L.
Davenport, Geo. A. Phillips. Police Of-
Deckenbach. Barbara fleer O. C
Dillon, Margaret Kazan, Dennis
Dittenhoefer, Dr. T. Rotmore, Samuel
Dorman. Julia L. Seemann, Fred W.
Ethen. Louis A. Stoever. Henry K.
Ferchland. Ida Storey, Frank C.
Friedman. William Sullivan. Annie
Grlgsby, William H. Taylor, Marsraret E.
Holldort, Henry B. Watkins. Elizabeth
Iddings, Henry A. Young, Eleazer J.
Jaenlcke, Lulu
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
LAUREL HOUEE. 930% Mission— Rooms to let
en suite or single; no transient. •'
$la00— TWO cottagn for sale: rents $18 per
month; Center St.; good Income property; pays
U per cent.
i ALDEN *i CO., 1118 Broadway.
CKEAP llttl* town homes: alto country prop-
erty; In eastern Contra Costa. Co.; write Jant
whet you <Wlre snd r»«-c!ve reliable lnformav
tion. D. MACAUTNET, Antloch, C«X
ELLIS, 329— Changed hands; sunny furnished
front bay window room, and others.
ELLIS, 7C6. near Larkin — Large back' room;
suitable for two; $7 per month: gas, bath.
FILBERT. 614— Nicely furnished sunny alcove
room, suitable for 2 gentlemen.
FULTON, 62&— Large furnished double room;
bath; suitable for two.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE av.. 1206— Sunny furnished par-
lor suite; board optional; also single rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
elngle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elava tor.
GROVE. 40£' / 4— Sunny single room for gentle-
man. ;
IVY ' ave. , 217, near Hayes and Franklin— Very
pleasant wen furnished front room; grate;
private: $4 50.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California— In the
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
poration, upon its application for a judgment
of ¦ dissolution. ¦ Notice.— No. 75.397, Dept. 10.
Notlcn Is hereby given that Honolulu Sugar
Company, a corporation organized and exlst-
, Ing under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having its offlce and
place of business in the city and county of
Pan Francisco, State of California, has filed
its application, duly verified and signed by a
jnajorcty oMts board of directors, addressed
tp.the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, pray-
ing for a Judgment of dissolution of said
corporation: and that Monday, . March 25th.
1301. at 10 o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of
Mid court. Department No." 10. In the City
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the day. time
and place for the hearing of said application,
in witness -whereof ..I have hereunto set my
hand an.1 affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February. < 190L
Li. 1 ,r WM. A.DEANE.. Clerk.
¦ By E XI THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. (In-
dorsed. > Filed Feb. 20.-1901. WM. A. DEANB,
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
EDDY. 770— Handsomely furnished back parlor
and other rooms; running water; bath. -
EDDY, 607— Large furnished front room; also
single rooms; all modern conveniences.
EDDY, 3C3 .. Sunny bay-window rooms; gas;
phone; rent reasonable.
CHESTNUT, 292— Two nice sunny furnished
rooms.
CLAY. 1133*4. near Taylor— Lady In sickness or
otherwise could have comfortably furnished
room and care; reasonable.
BAltGAIN — 1\ acres to rent or for Rale; near
Fan ilatfeo. Apply ?Ji Church St., near Mar-
ket; call after S p. m.
lC0 : ACliE ranch to sell or trade on easy pay-
. meM*. TV. U FOSTER. KelwyvlUe, or L.
EF.RTON. ra Stevenron St.. S. F.
rhar.ge than all other agents in 8. F.; 3000
ranches on my lh-t: Ftate what's wanted and
»ret reHable do«rrlpUor.R of bargains.
V. t>. FICKELS. th- Land Agent. 6 Geary rt.
the.arr'mnt.
REMEMBER— I'm accurately acquainted
«H2i mere country property for sale and «?x-
Ofuces— 4S(>-4«2 Elcfcth St.. Oakland.
SS500— Fine corner brick block, choicely lo-
cated, under lease; fine buy.
$S&00— Worth to-day $12,000: cost $1S,COO; hand-
some home, 12 rooms; elegant grounds; central;
must eell.
$3650— Near Telegraph ave.; fine modern s-
room heme. 40x180; quick sale wanted.
$2500— Foreclosure snap; Telegraph and 82d;
7 rooms; 50x168; elegant lot; sacrifice.
$1450-*CIInton station; 6-rocm cottage; sold at
coft of foreclosure.
K5Q0 — Ftore and 3 rooms; flat. 6 rooms; rents
?25 month; one block from Broadway.
$250 cash, $25 month— New 8-room 2-etory
house, never occupied, near Broadway and Hth.
}200 cash. $25 month— $2400 bank sale; new 6-
room home; Adeline station.
1850— Cottage 4 rooms, bath, basement, wind-
mill; lot 50x100; near Grove-st cars; bargain.
$2750— Sacrifice; owner called away; modern
new S-rm. home; 50x140; stable; Grove and 86th
$1650— 22d. near Grove: neat cottage, bay- win-
dow; elx rooms; splendid value.
¦I45OQ— Modern corner flats; central; almost
new; cost owner $£000.
$5000— Roadside Investment; J buildings, two
stores; flats; total rents $60; lot 100x150-' bar-
gain.
JST.0 — Corner More and 4 rooms; lot SO ft.; West
Berkeley; estate: must sell: snap.
Acreage— We offer two pieces of 5 and ( acres
at a sacrifice.
LAYMANCn REAL ESTATE CO..
A-LIST OF SPLENDID VALUES.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BU&H, 1606H— Beautiful sunny front rooms-
newly furnished ; single or connected.
BUSH, E20 (The Elk)— Changed hands; nicely
furn. sunny rms., single, en suite, newly reno-
vated: all conven. Mrs. K. M. Ramsey, prop.
BURNETT. 1426 Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
2 NEW cottages, < rooms; $2400 and $2500; fine
lots: terms. J. H. TOUNO. Builder. 124S
Park st.
AHLBORN HOTEL, S21 Grant ave.-Beat dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences rooms
COc up; nrst-class meals 25o; free coach.
BEAUTIFUL modern cottage, ( rooms; lot SOx
ISO; choice location; stable, etc.: a sacrifice;
eaisy terms. A. O. BURNS, 1601 Park St.,
Alameda.
PARTIES having furnished «r, unfurnished
rooms, apartm«qp*, flats, houses or business
property for rent, please list with us; we have
the most perfect facilities in the city for se-
curing high-grade and desirable tenants.
ELDER Rental Information Bureau, 22 Kear-
ny st.. first floor.
VERT special bargains: foreclosure properties;
genuine snsps; enough said, as I do not be-
lieve in extended ads. J. A. P.E1IMEL. Bay
Station. Alaraeda.
Apply to Q. R. DEKKE, West Alameda
Real Estate Office, Webster st. and Cen-
tral ave.
BARGAINS for investors.
Bargains for homeseekers.
Homes built on terms to suit.
Exchange for Ban Francisco property, cot-
tage (2 Cats) of 10 rooms: lot 2Sxl20; half block
TENTH, 136 — Large front room for housekeep-
ing in basement; also single room.
THIRD, 625— Three sunny unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; use of bath and washtubs;
no children.
$2Ouo— West line Church st., south of Twenty-
»!gtth; ccttage of 5 rooms and bath; rents for
11. : modern; lot 2x100; a bargain.
JSfl.GOO— Reduced from £$.000; north elde Sac-
ramento St.. near Van N«» a.ve-5 One resi-
dence; large let, CS:»xl27;S>4.
t J1J50— Price reduced rrcin JH50; modem cot-
¦ ta^e on Second ave., near Point Lobo»; b rooms
iand 'bath; lot i'. r xl2C; or 60x120 for K760.
¦ $4000— Tliree modern Cats; Jackson et.. near
Broderlck; rents (71 SO; for sai* at less tnan
coat.
$2750-Marlne view; corner of Vallejo tt., near
~Jcr.es; S4:< front; improvements rant for $21.
I12.C0O— NTT. cor. Page and Lyon sts.; modern
reeldc-nce; 12 rooms and I baths; furnace; 7 bed-
rooms; lot S3:exK.
; $22.tOO-Callf ornla ana Octivla sts.; SB. cor.;
Baa residence lot; building now oa lot to b»
removed; size U:sxl27:&.
J2100— And your own terms; sew cottac*. C
roods sjid bath; Church and Twenty-second
«¦-.«.; lot :«xI2S.
$21.C(w-£uuer-«t. Investment; monthly rents
SSCS; »;:i pay aboct • per cent net; lot 40x110
feet; with subsuuitlal oiic* building; always
rented.
{SX.&0O— Tl rd st. s S-«tory brick bunding; rents
to es» tenant $130; lot SSxTi feet.
$£2tO— Reduced from $S000; elegant Proldlo
Heights residence, with t bedrooms; first floor
has hardwood floors throughout; finished bas*-
znect with furnace, etc; lot S4:«Hxl27:S~«: One
marine view.
$7000— Very pretty home on Ashbury Heights
ef • rooms a&d bath; completely furnished; lot
UXMX to rear street.
6HA1NTVALD. BUCKBEE A CO..
glt-gO Montgomery st-. Mills building.
A. 1. RICH A CO., Real EMat* Agents.
113 Montgomery st.
pa.006— O'Farre'.l tt.. cor^-r; $ larg* SaU; I
rootcs and bath In each; lot iOxlOO;
rents $130 per month.
fXKo— I>rifi4ero st. ; 4 Catej near Pag* tt.j
p&yi 19 per cent per annum.
r>»,oct— e-ytt it-i I modern £*.ts: between
Eaigbt and Page; I per cent per an-
num; always rented.
PM$— Devfaiero St., sear Haigfcti t elegant
new fiats; rents $S1 per month} lot 25
X1U.4.
|7,e00— Rafiueed from $8000 to make Immediate
taie: California tt., near Fillmore :
.. . larga lot, IZXLZ3; boos* Id rooms and
.- bath; st&bls In rear.
$7,000— Pine it; residence; near Bakert a- bar.
gaJn; lot V.f.'.O; bouse 9 rooms exd
cath; must be sold; make o-er.
COO*— Baier rt.. sear Pmdfle av«.| larg* lot|
100 foot front; marine view. . r
|7.£Q9— JL bargain; grand bdldicg lot on Wash-
ington st. ; S3 foot front; commanding
an unobstructed marine view.
$£,£*>— Pres*.4!o Heights; modern rmproTed
resldescftl , every convenience; near
<Xay «t
JE.500— De*-1safiero rt. residence and lot( near
- Kaight; cocvcsleat to electrlo and ca-
tle car Uses.
$X,B9O— Ccott rt.' residence, sear Page; I rooms
._ - and bath; lot 24x106:1,
JI.6C0— P:ne rt.', near Stockton} houss f rooms
and bath; lot 24:6x77:1; pays S per cent
¦ per annum.
ft.690— 03*&er rt. cottage house] t rooms and '
: '• bath; near Sacramento et.; lot £S:<
".'/ . . sttfcfc •
H,C30— Dvrlssidero rt. building lot, near e*o-
¦ ; rasiento.
P, 75*— lot .2x109; Page rL, near E&rader.
• . 'A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
RATMOND, BALDWIN * CO.. "
IKS Montgomery st.
irr.OOO^Jadcson et. corners large lot; 60xl27:S<«
feet; Western Addition.
$t,000— Belvedere et. ; lot 25x120 feet; modern ;
fiats; annual rents $500; very desirable.
$$.5W— P.educed from $75-00; modern residence
os Vallejo St., near Lacuna; t rooms,
bath, . cement basement, furnace, ma-
rine view; property cost owner $10,000;
must be sold eoon.
$3,600 — ABhbury Heights; cottage S rooms and
hath; high basement; easily made Into
Tata.
$2. r»— Fifteenth rt, near Howard; house t
rooms, bath, cellar; street accepted; to
close an estate.
C6S9— Lar.ders st^ W rlne, near Fourteenth;
~x!25 feet.
C 400— Near Mission and Twenty-nl«th rta.;
£2x70; pretty cottage. S rooms, bath,
conservatory : very, very cheap.
RAYMOND. BALDWIN & CO..
138 Montgomery st.
HAWKS & SKELTOn!
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
JC»— Cottage and flatf: O'Farrell et.. near
Buchanan; rrote $:#; good Investment.
$SX0— Fiats: Hartford, near Castro and 20th;
4 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $330 per
annum; many houses bu!Mlnpr near by.
S2800 — Cciy home; Jersey, near C&etro; 6 rooms
and bath; two car lines.
JW) *aeh — Let*. Green et., near Hyfie-et. cars.
H200— Lot; Ftockton St., near Chestnut; 22x65;
flats on it would ray well.
$3000 — Scott St.. near Washington; facing pretty
perk; choice neighborhood; elegant home;
P rootre.
HAWKS i: PKELTON. 223 Montgomery et.
KEW moo>rti 4-room and bath hous«, on Hoff-
man five.; can b» bought with your rent
rr.onr y; c'.^s* to th» Twentv-seconc-st. electric
line. .
SC50 each— Only four lots left; fronting the
Ocean Boulevard, near <V>lden Gate Park, block i
721; rtreet craAfi realy for bulldiri?:; these lots '
¦will be w^rth $.'"00 each In less than tve yearn;
row is your opportunity.
JST.P — New S-room houne near Cortland ave.:
JIM down sri Jin monthly.
JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Butter rt.
*1700— A ENAP; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
etre^t aerated: rtone eldewalk; lot 25xS0.
PATTERsny & CO.. 11 City Hall square.
REAL ESTATE COCXTRY — For Sale
ATTENTION, HOMEEEITKEP.S!
We drsine to call tie attention cf Intending
buyers of country lands to tone bargains in
lncome-rrocucing orchard, vineyard, grain
ard 6tock farms, many of which are Dank
Icrecloyures. that we have for Mle. Mr. Busr.
having had forty years' knowledge and es-
r^rierc* In the value of lanes, and being the
o»7i»r of an income-producing orchard and
vineyard, can inu n'.gently direct intending
roiyers to the b«-st lands and bargains in Uie
State. Call or writ? for what you want.
.• DAVID BCSH & FON. 10 Montgomery Et.
AT.FO
K*a<!qu2!T<T8 cf th* TourlFt Free Information
Bureau. K. C. PECK. Manager.
INSTALLMENT*?.
We are ruMlvlflir.g th» Bonrx»r fubdlviMon of
tb» eelPriratp-a Wolfs-kill grant near Winters.
YgIo County: the ea-li^t fruit and vegetable
larnf in th» State; will e"ll for 1-5 cash.
, ha!an<*» to *uM i>urchas<?r
T'AVID BUSH & SON, JO Montgomery st.
A FTTTV bargains EO miles from San Francisco:
8 a.; ri<-h val!»y land: 1 mile from town.. $550
12 a.; fine garden land: near town lKiO
i% «-: "Big Oaku"; 9 In rrapes: fine land. 1700
42 a.; fenced; houF»; rprinr; near R. R... 400
C? a.; valley: 2 in orchard; J houJts;
firings: veila; chlck^n-hous^; fine place. 1000
\V> a.; 5 rr.ll*>* from R. R.; 10 spring*: 4-r.
Ji"us<»:- vineyard. 20 neres Burden land 900
SCO ».. ; C milei" frcm R. R. : will carry 1P00
sh<»ep. hogr. rattle: much hay land: terme. 5000
JMARIO.N GIUKKIN. 71? Mkt.. nr. Call bldg.
A - MOST rTreiler.t KSO-acre *tock and K^neral
fans; nearly all tillable; 60 acren creek bot-
'tom; j-^rrect garden Foil; complete set good
riuiMIrgs; best watered ranch In the county;
fof Ies5 than %» per acre: worth three times
LARKIN, 8194— Furnished sunny front rooms
light housekeeping; gas stove, bath and
phone; private.
LEAVENWORTH, 410—2 large sunny, dry un-
furnished rooms in basement; large yard; $8.
OAK. 119 — 2 sunny front rooms, furnished for
heavy housekeeping; large closet, $12.
OCTAVIA. 1403, corner Geary— Furnished bay-
window; mantel, large room, with kitchen
complete.
HYDE, 408— Sunny front suite, complete for
housekeeping; also large room.
HOWARD, 1063*4— Housekeeping rooms, $g to
$12; run. water; electric lights; range: otheib.
HOWARD. 761^4— Nicely furnished bay-window
suite; kitchen; man and wife; others.
GROVE. 104— Sunny front room for housekeep-
ing, with kitchen; newly furn.; other rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
suite 3 rms.; hot, cold water; yard; laundry.
FULTON, 116 — Furnished housekeeping rooms
and others from $4 up; sunny.
FOLSOM. 757 A— Nicely furnished room*; bath;
gas; use of kitchen it desired.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
$S0o— Lot £0x145, with cottage 4 rooms.
$1MO— Lot 33:4x125 on Central ave.; 5 rooms
and bath; $2uu cash, $26 per month; good house.
and a bargain.
$3000— Lot 33:4x150; modern cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; sunny eide; near station and school;
$260 cash and $29 per month.
$2S50— Lot 13:4x140; fine, new, up-to-date. •-
room, 2-story house, on $250 cash, balance easy
payments.
$300*— Let 40x150; handsome new cottage of I
rooms and plastered basement; finest location;
•near station and electrlo cars; easy lnstallm'ts.
$3000— Lot £5x116; fine 2-story house; 8 rooms,
high basement: all street work done; $100 cash,
balance $30 per month.
$3500— Lot 40x140; fine new lH-story house of 8
rooms and plastered basement; finest location;
near station and electric cars; easy lnstallm'ts.
$3750 — Great snap; to close an estate; corner
lot 90x145, with 6-room cottage, windmill and
tank; flowers, fruits, hothouses, etc; finest
avenue and neighborhood; near station.
$4000 — Elegant corner property, same- as new;
must be sold on account of departure; first-
class in every respect.
$4000— Lot 40x150; beautiful 8-room, 2-story
house; bllllard-room, and everything up-to-
date; fin* neighborhood; near station and
school: only tlOO down and 930 per month.
$7600— Lot 105x150; fine 2-story house, large
barn, chicken and pigeon house, handsome
lawns, flowers, fruit trees; everything to make
a home pleasant; $2000 cash, balance on mort-
gage; great bargain.
We have a large assortment of fine proper-
ties. Bank and foreclosed properties for homes
or Investments. Houses to let in all parts of
Alameda,
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1412 Park street, Alameda, CaL
GREAT Bargains In Alaroeda Real Estate.
$1350
Buys a good «-room 2-etory house; deep lot.
$1500
Bays a choice S-room Colonial cottage; lot
SOxl&O.
$1900.
Going to Alaska and must be sold at once;
• fine 2-story house now rented for $23 per
month.
• $1150
Buys a 7-room Colonial 'cottage, large lot,
cituated on one of the best streets In Alameda.
$2500.
A great bargain in a 10-room cottage'; near
Morton-et. station; taken under foreclosure.
$4500.
An elegant residence of 9 rooms and bath;
lot tOxlSO; owner going East and must be sold.
Now is the time to purchase property cheap.
A few months from, now and property will
have gone up.
We guarantee to sav* you money If you
buy now.
Watch our Sunday advertisements for maps.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT,
1500 Park st., Alameda, and
20 Post at.. S. F.
Offlce open Sunday and Evenings.
OFFICE of the County Clerk, and ex-offlcio
Clerk of ths Board of Bucervlsors. of th»
County of San Mateo. State of California.
NOTICE OF SALE OF FRANCHISE.
Publlo notice Is hereby given that on the
18th day of February. A. D. 1S0L W. D. K.
GIBSON, as applicant, made to. And filed
with, the Board of Supervisors of the County
of San Mateo, State of California, a written
application for a franchise and privilege,
which said application was, and Is, In the
words and figures following, to- wit:
"To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors
of the County of San Mateo, State of Cali-
fornia:
"Gentlemen: I hereby apply to your hon-
orable body for a franchise and privilege to
construct and operate a single or double
track railroad, of standard gauge, for the
period of flfty years, with the privilege of
erecting and maintaining the necessary poles,
wires and appliances for an electric trolley
system, upon the following publlo highways
in the county of San Mateo, State of Cali-
fornia, to"- wit:
"1. Over, upon and across the Mission
county road on a center line distant forty
feet, more or less, from Its intersection with
th» westerly line of the right of way of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company at Baden
crossing.
"2. Over, uoon and across that county
road at San Bruno known as San Bruno lane,
adjacent and parallel to the westerly line of
the right of way of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company.
"3. Over, upon and across that county
road at San Bruno known as the San Bruno
road, adjacent and parallel to th* westerly
line of the right of way of the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company.
"4. In the townslte known as the Mlllbrae
Villa Tract, along, over and upon that cer-
tain street known as Railroad avenue, vrhlch
lies adjacent to the westerly line of the
right of way of the Southern Pacific Rail-
road Company, from the northerly boundary
line of eald Millbrae Villa Tract to the south-
erly lino thereof, with the necessary turn-
outs; and over, upon and across said Mlll-
brae avenue, between Railroad avenue an-!
Hemlock avenue, to tho southerly line of
Eald avenue.
"5. Over, upon and across that county road
at Burlingame known as Burlingame avenue,
where San Mateo drive, if extended, would
Intersect said avenue.
"6. -Over, upon and across that certain
road vnown as Peninsular avenue at Its in-
tersection with that road in Howard's Bur-
lingame townslte known as San Mateo drive.
"Together with all necessary switches and
turnouts. N
"I respectfully ask that your Honorable
Board advertise this application' in accord-
ance with the provisions of the act entitled,
'An act to amend an act entitled "An act
providing for. the sale of railroad and other
franchises In municipalities, and relative to
granting of franchises," approved March Z3.
ISM, by amending section 1 of said act,' ap-
proved March 19, 1897.
"Dated Redwood City, California, Febru-
ary 12th. l»01.
"W. D. K. GIBSON. Applicant."
And public notice is hereby further given
that on the eald lSth day of February, 1901, in
open cession of the said Board of Supervisors,
ths said application was read and considered,
whereupon said board voted, and by resolu-
tion duly adopted, determined and announced
that it proposed to grant said application,
franchise and privilege, and directed that the
fact that an application for such franchise
and privilege had been made to said board,
together with a statement that It was. and
is. proposed by said board to grant the same
be advertised In The San Francisco Call, a
daily newspaper published In the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California.
aa provided by law and as directed by eald
resolution.
And public notice Is hereby-further given that
the character of the franchise and privilege pro-
posed to be granted by said board Is to con-
struct and operate a single or double track
railroad, of standard gauge, with tht privi-
lege of erecting and maintaining the neces-
sary poles, wires and appliances for an elec-
tric trolly system, and the term of Its con-
tinuance Is flfty years, and the route to be
traversed by said railroad Is over, upon and
across the roads, highways and streets men-
tioned In said application. • •
And public notice is hereby further given
that pursuant to law and the said resolution
of said board and as thereby, and as therein
directed, the said Board of Supervisors pro-
poses to grant the nald application, franchise
and privilege prayed for by said applicant,
and that on Monday, the first day of April,
A. D. 1901, at the hour of 10 o'clock a. m..
at the chambers of said board, at the Court-
house in Redwood City, in the county of San
Mateo, State of California, bids or tenders
will be received by said board for such fran-
chise and privilege, and that said board will
then and there, in open session of isald board,
read said bids and tenders and consider an-1
act thereon, and will award said franchise
and privilege to the highest bidder, and in
accordance with the act of the Legislature
mentioned In said application.
By order of said Board of Supervisors made
and dated this 18th day of February. A. D.
1S01. M. H. THOMPSON.
County Clerk, and ex-of flclo Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, of said County of
San Mateo, State of California.
By H. W. SCHABERG. Deputy Clerk.
(Seal of Board of Supervisors.)
LEGAL AUVEKTISEMBSTS.
WE have the largest list cf Improved and un-
improved city and farm property located in
all parts of TJnlted States to exchange. Call
and see us. HERBERT & CO.. room 710 Em-
ma Epreckels building, 927 Market st.
CHOICE Improved and unimproved residence
property for sale; furnished and unfurnished
houses to rent. B. H. ROBERTS. Real
Estate and Insurance Mill Valley. Cal.
"WRITE J. TV. HORN. 112 Main. Petaluma. for
free oopy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
IK Mill Valley, a nice horn* for sale cheap od
aocount of departure. 526 Turk st., 8. F.
FOR sale— S40 acres oil land; Kern River dis-
trict; rood opportunity; a bargain. "W.
COLE* 129 Flrtt st.
LEVEL, acre lots fronting on Ean Pablo ave.,
near Berkeley, $200 each; eaay terms. W. B.
EASTIN. 401 California st. 8. F.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
I ACRES at Men!o Park; small houee, barn,
chlckea houses; 16 large oak trees; some fruit
trees; fenced and cross- fenced ; cheap to Im-
mediate buyer: will lend half ths purchase
price. "W. L. HARPER. 387 Parrott building.
FOR bargains in Berkeley or Oakland proper-
ty see R. J. MONTGOMERT. room < fourth
floor, Mills building, San Francisco, or 417
Ninth st.. Oakland.
FOR sale or exchange for ranch worth about
$5000— A good modern two-story house and
large lot; 15 minutes' walk to StaU unlvtr-
elty. Box 2090. Call offlce. Oakland.
FARM for sale at public auction March 1, 1901—
Half mile Sonoma: ST acres In orchard and
Tlneyard: furnished house 11 rooms, 8-story;
barn 40xCO; horses, wagons, poultry, farming
implements; ssje on premises at 1 p. m.
FRANK CHELJNI. Sonoma.
1 LOT in El Paso de Robles; IIS front by 308
feet deep, $125.
£0 acres in Bams Valley, Jackson Coun-
ty, Or.; good fruit land; house, barn, well,
creek; fine climate; no frosts; on county road;
near 6chool and railroad; $600 or trade.
H. G. D., 1S1 San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
2 lots in Golden Gate, 25x100, old hotna, $550»
bargain. H. O. W.. 131 Son Pablo are.,
Oakland.
4 LOTS. 40xl3« feet; sawered; near Grov* St.:
$760.
TO b* sold at Calletoga at auction March 2,
at 1 o'clock— Ranch of 90 acres; 12 acres In
grapevines; t acres In orchard; house, barn,
wine cellar, cooperage, farming implements;
oil has been found in neighborhood. Address,
for Information. G. WOLLENSCHLAGER.
naloon. Battery and Pacific sts., or W. T.
SIMMONS. CallBtojra.
ONLT $2500; on the very best street in the
very be6t part of our beautiful town; on the
sunny side of street, near the station, school-
house and cars; house of 7 rooms and bath;
fine large lot, stable, etc.; all street work
done; a thorough bargain; should be seen
to be appreciated.
Tou cannot loss money by buying tha*
house of 4 rooms; lot 60x130, and only $1550.
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining
P. O. Berkeley.
DEIIKELEY REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND FUKMTDRB FOB 8 ALB.
A>T introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, tho
furniture dealer. Hth and Franklin, Oakland.
MINNA. M7, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35o a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
of flees; elevator; elec. lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL, 631— Front parlor; nicely furn-
ished; gas and bath; rent reasonable.
PINE, 681, near Stockton — Sunny large room,
suitable for 2 gentlemen.
PINE, 813, near Powell— Nicely furnished sln-
gle front room; closet; private family; $6 50.
POST. 627— Newly furnished front room, $2 50
week: small sunny room, closet, $1 25 week.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, J2 to
18; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
KOSEDALE House, ?19-321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night. £5o to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
BHQTWELL, 67-Double or single room In prl-
vata family.
BUTTER. 320%— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms, $S; suites, $12 to $25 mo.
TREAT ave., 1034, bet. Twenty-third and Twen-
ty-fourth— Front room, suitable for 2; rent
moderate.
MAESIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Johan Trocdson. 23.* lone. Or., and Thilda
Mlson, 23, Palo Alto.
Bernard Bernstein, 35, Hanford. and Gussle
Goldberg. 20. 943B Folsom Btreet.
Charles Daubergr. S2. San Jose, and Jennie
K. Nelson.- 24, San Jose.
Fted W. Graybau. 67, 845 Pine street, and
Anna AV. 8. Thees. 50. 845 Pine street.
William Vielhauer, 28, 1507 Leavenworth
str&ct. and Katharine Kraushaar. 26. 316 Pros-
rsct avenue.
Orange H. Powell, 38. 814 Moultrle street, and
Mary M. Robinson, 8L 617% Ellis street.
Edward J. Enright, 24, 189 Thirteenth street,
and Agnes Allen, 20, 189 Thirteenth street.
A. Karl Stolner, 23. 245 Clara street, and
Marie Llndstrom, 31, 245 Clara street.
James Kitzratrlck, 2S, Russ House, and Clara
M. Russell, 23. Oakland.
JONES, 611— N«wly furnished rooms for gents
only.
LINDEN ave., 818, near Gough— Large sunny
front furnished room.. :..'¦;¦.•
A CHANCE OF A LIFETIME
Is now offered persons of limited means to
obtain 10 acres or more of choice, level gar-
den and orchard land, located near Vacavllle,
Bolano County, the celebrated early fruit sec-
tion of California, at the low price of $30 to
StO per acre, according to location; terms to
eult; title perfect. This land will raise all
kinds of garden truck snd early fruits. For
maps and circulars call or write California
Farm Land A66oclatlon. 614 Hearst build-
ing. Ban Francisco.
LILT ave. 134, near Octavla— Nice sunny fur-
nlehed front room; private family; rent $4.
HT5 CASH. $10 monthly— New cottage. $ larre
rooms; 7- foot basement; brick foundation; 4
large level lots, 60x266; pric« all told. $775; will
fence and finlEh up to suit buyer; plenty of
water; soli, climate and view the very best:
close to electric car line and 90-foot wide bou-
levard, and not far from model schoolhouse;
no toss nor rdw winds here; adjoining East
Oakland; 10 buildings gone up already, more
coming; call or send for circular; 455 Seventh
»t., opposite Broadway station. Oakland; car-
riage free. HENRY Z. JONES, Owner.
LEAVENWORTH, 406. • near ElU*-Larg« fur-
nlshed front room »:0 per month.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front, $10; small
back room, . furnished or unfurnished.
AS unprecedented isxrlflce; 75- room brick hotel
and furniture; doing immense first-class <?2
a day) business; cost and worth $50,000; of-
fered for J16.UK); nas rented for (100; now
run by owner.
N. D. BICICELS, the Land Acent, 6 Geary it
tDOeO-Pacifle ave.. near Pierc* St.; 40x127:8^4
feet; beautirul residence lot: best portion of the
•venue; price reduced to make quick sale.
J4&00— Corner Oak arid Baker »te.; 25xH:10Vi:
famine Park Panhandle.
ISTW-N'irth it., near Bryant; lot »xlfl« feet;
cheap.
JIG.itfO— Liberty st.. ne«.r Guerrero; the Nob
Bill of the Mission; lot S0xll4; residence of 11
%TZU>— Florida st. near Twenty-fifth; lot J7x
ISA) feet, with houee of 2 Cats; rents J27 60; you
can pay SMX) cash, balance in monthly pay-
ments o? Ji6 a or lees if desired.
tZ. : ui>—l*)i and imps.; north iine of Washing-
ton it., near Leaven worth; aold to close estate.
llTOu— Lot wett line of Van Ness ave.. near
V.-.-.'-r. St.; ££rlO6 ft.; ready to build.
¦^Ve have a number of very choice Preetfllo
Heights lots with marine view, which wb are
authorized to sell at reasonable prices; get list
et efflce. _,
JI6..0O&— McAllister st^ sunny side, between
"Webster and FlILmore; lot 75x127:6 feet, with
hruse cf 12 rooms and bain; land alooe is
*xrth the money.
SSOOO— Valencia St., near Fourteenth; lot 60x
J00 feet to twenty-foot etreet In rear; terms,
$3500 cash, balance on bank mortgage at S per
cent. t •
M 100— Lot BE. corner ¦ Washington and Lyon
ft*.: a corner 31:axl00:« ft.: very cheap.
tl«.eo»-j Cats, Butter St., near Webster;
resu for t:::.; lot 27:6x137:1 feet; fin* Invest-
ment..
Z1Z-3S0 Montgomery et.. Mills building.
EHA1NWALD. BUCKBEE A CO.,
REAL ESTATES AGENTS,
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR BALE.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemstery Association
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
The charg« for cremation to church m«mb«ra
and members of organizations having presiding
officers and secretaries and their families i«
$30. All others $35. Expensive coffins and or
naments are seldom used. A nicho in th« Col
lumbarlan is a monument and saves th* coat
of a lot and its cars and atone work. S«nd for
circular.
CEORGBJL FLETCHER. Mana*. r . :
James McGinn. Henry Hansea.
JAMES M'GKHN & CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALMERS
214 Eddy St.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
(Successor to Flannasan & Gallagher^
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. MgT.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKRi.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
The prettiest, most unique mat-
ting that ever . came over from in-
dustrious Japan was unloaded in our
store this week.
Particularly fascinating and desir-
able colorings arranged in most artistic
patterns.
It's matting you do not see in
other stores for they cannot buy it.
It's matting that is unique because
it's unusual.
We'd be glad to have you come
in and look it over.
z i 5—2 1 7 Sutter street— above Kcarny.
H. Wellenschla*er. Mrs. Fred Webster and
the late Rutherford McGiffln. a native of Saa
Francisco.
McLAUGHLIN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. February 22. 1901. Francis McLaughlin.
a native of Portugal, aged 25 years.
MEADE— In this city. February 21. 1301. John,
beloved husband of Mary Meade. a nativ«
of County Meath. Ireland, aged 73 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlora of
Carew & Enarllsh. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church. Tenth street.
where mass will bo celebrated for the repos*
of his soul, commencing at 3 o'clock. la-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEHRMANN— In Sutler Creek. Cal., February
22. isoi, Mary I«yon. beloved wife of Freder-
, lok Mehrmana. beloved daughter of Mark and
Mary Lyon. and sister of Lizzie. Annie and
the late Adda Lyon. a native of California,
aged 35 years 9 months and 20 days.
HJ^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this dny
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the resldenc*
of her parents. Irvlngton. Alameda County,
and thence to Holy Ghost Church. Centar-
vllle. where services will be> held for the re-
pose of h»r eoul, commencing at 1 o'clock.
Interment Catholic Cemetery. Centerville.
PHILLIPS— In Healdsburg. Cal.. February 22
Mil. Police Officer O. C. Phillips, beloved
husbacd of May Phillips, son of IX J>. and
Mary Phillips, and brother of Walton. Ed-
ward and Frederick Phillips, a native of
California, aged 37 years and 8 months.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the resMenca
of D. D. Phillips. Healdsburr. Cal.
RAGAN— An anniversary mass for th« repos*
of the soul of Dennis Ragan will bo cele-
brated at Sacred Heart Church. Tuesday,
February 26. at 9 o'clock.
ROTMORE— In this city. February 13, 130L
Samuel Rotmore. a native of Hawaiian
Islands, aged 38 years.
EXRemains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
SEEMANN— In Oakland, February H. 1901.
Fred W. Seemann, eldest son of Emma and
the late William Seemann. and brother of
.Nellie, Grace, Daisy, George, Herbert and
Pearl Seemann and Mrs. J. Lynch, a native
of Washington, aged 22 years and 10 months.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect.
" fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 212 Third street, between Alice and
Jackson. Interment Cypress Lava Cemo-
tery.
STOEVER— In this city. February 23. 1901.
Henry K.. dearly beloved husband of Ma-
thilda Etoever. and father of Adele C. and
Lillian D. Etoever, a native of Oerm&ny. aged
43 years 3 months and 2 days. A member of
Harmony Lodge No. 13. I. O. O. F.; Court
Hubertus No. 15. F. of A., and Mission Turn
Verein.
(7 Friends and acquaintances ars respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1931 Howard street, near Fifteenth,
thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, corner Market
and Seventh streets, where services win b*
held under tha auspices of Harmony Lor!**
No. 13. I. O. O. F.. commencing at 1:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
STORET— In Alameda. February tl. 1301.
Frank Cushlnr Storey, son of W. B. and
Ellen D. Storey, a native of San Francisco,
aged 37 years 8 months and 1 day.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of W. B. Storey. 3230 Brlggs avenue. Inter-
ment private, I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Sai
Francisco.
SULLIVAN— In this city, February IS, 1901.
Annie. Infant daughter of J. J. and Annh
Sullivan.
TAT LOR— February 23. 1301. Marraret Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Jamea Taylor, and
mother of Jamea. William. Eveline. Marvel
and Edward Taylor, a native of Boston.
Mass.. aged 13 years.
WATKINS— In this city. Elizabeth Watkins,
aged 53 years and 1 month.
!T7Interment crtvate.
TOUNG— In this city. February 23. 1901. at hta
residence. 743 Golden Gate avenue. Eleazer
J., beloved husband of Mrs. E» J. Tounr.
and father of Arthur S. Toun? and Mrs. J.
J. Regallo (formerly Lillian Toung). a na-
tive of Maine, aged 57 years and 11 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 ' o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 1213 Union street, between
Hyde and Larkin. thence to St. Brlgld'i
Church. Van Ness avenue and Broadway,
for services at 2:30 o'clock. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
LAWTON— In • Oakland. February 23. 1901,
Mabel I., beloved wife of C. H. Lawton.
LINDSTROM— Entered Into rest. February 4.
1901. John E. Llndstrom. dearly beloved hus-
band of Clara Llndstrom, axed 77 years 2
months and 24 days.
I watched beside my dylnr love.
His weary heart's found rest.
A heavenly mansion's now his homeu
There rrlef and sorrow never come.
Our Father loved him best.
R7He sleeps In the Odd Fellows' Cemetery
Ukiah.
McCARTHT— An anniversary requiem high
' mass will be celebrated for the repose of tha
soul of Nellie - McCarthy, to-morrow (Mon-
day), at 9 o'clock, at Sacred Heart Church
- Fillmore street. Friends ¦ and acqualntancei
are Invited.
McGIFFIN— In this city. February 23. 1901 at
the residence of his mother. 908 Steiner
'street, James, beloved son of Margaret and
the late James McGlffln, ana brother of Mrs.
E3"Frlend9 and acquaintances are rey^ect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, at his
former afflce, corner of Turk and Fillmore
streets. Interment at Warren. Ohio.
JAENICKE— In this city, February 12. 1901.
Lulu, eldest and dearly beloved daughter of
Susie and the late Christoph Jaenicke. sister
of Etta and Adeline Jaenlcke. and niece of
Mrs. C. Bertelman. Mrs. S. Passet and Mrs.
6. Dabovich. a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years 8 months and 8 days. (Oakland
papers please copy.)
(C7Fiiends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eichth and Harrison streets.
IDDINGS— Near Ballarat. Inyo County. Cal..
February 11, 1D01. Henry A. ladings, aged 53
years. Division sui>erlntendent of the Mar-
ket-street Railway Company.
(E7FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, ill Hermann street, between
Market and Valencia. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FERCHLAND— In this city. February 23, 1301.
Ida. beloved wife of Charles Ferchland. a na-
tive of "Wunschelbunr, Schleslen. aged 31
years 10 months and 19 days.
(CXNotlco of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 787
Mission street.
FRIEDMAN— In this city, February 23, 1901.
William Friedman, a native of Russia, aged
65 years.
GRIGSBT— In Eldrldge. Sonoma County, Cal.,
February 23. 1901, William H. Grlitsby. be-
loved son of Mrs. Isabella Pooley. and father
of Gertrude M. Grlgsby. a native of Saa
F"ranclsco, aged 45 years.
MEMBERS of Rlncon Parlor No. 72. N. S. G.
W., are notified to attend the funeral of our
late brother. William H. Grlgsby. Tuesday.
February 26, at 2 o'clock, from 225 Fourth
street. CHARLES A. CLANCT, Pres.
HOLLDORF— In this city, February 20. 1901.
.Henry B., beloved son of F. and the late
B. Holldorf, and brother of Mrs. F. Hulfs
and Anna Holldorf of San Francisco and
Hetnrich, Geslne. Hermann. Catharine and
Frledrlch Holldorf of Germany, a native of
Oldenburg, Germany, aged 36 years 8 months
and 4 days.
Cv" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co.. 319 O'Farrell street.
ETHEN— In this city, February 23. 1901. Louis
Aloyslus Ethen, dearly beloved Infant ' child
of Josech and Josephine Ethen. and nephew
of Mrs. II. L. Werape, a native of San
Francisco, aped 6 months and 4 days.
E7"lhe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 3:15 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. J. Hoffman, 3014 Washington street.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DORMAN— In this' city. February 22. 1901. Julia
Lillian Dorman. aunt of Harry Austin of
Oakland. Edwin A. Austin of Topeka, Kans..
Julia I... Austin of Chicago, 111., and Emma
L. Klepplnger of Pomona. Cal.. a native of
Indiana, ased 66 years.
MRS. TV. E. BOWES, Rec. Sec.
DITTENHOEFER-In this city. Dr. Tlllle
Dittenhoefer, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. G.
A. Falkenatein. mother of Marion and Alma
Dtttenhoefer, and sister of Mrs. J. Hoffman
and Alex and Ike Falkenstein, a native of
New York, aged 44 years and 10 days. (New
York City and Portland, Or., papers please
copy.)
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the -residence of
the parents, 30»i Moes street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DECKENBACH— In Portland. Or.. February
12. 1901. Barbara, beloved wife of Jacob Declc-
enbach. dearly beloved mother of Henry
Baker, grandmother of Barbara and Ada
Baker, and aunt of Mrs. Claus Alpers. a na-
tive of Bavaria, Germany, aged 66 years and
9 months.
DILLON— T. U I. No. 7— Sisters: Tou are
hereby notified to attend a month's mind re-
quiem m.i>s to be celebrated for the repose
of the soul of our deceased sister. Margaret
Dillon, to-morrow (Monday), at St. Francis
Church, Vallejo street and Montgomery avt-
nue, commencing at 6:30 o'clock a. m.
JOSIE T. SHEA. President.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOMS TO LKT— Pom. and Unfnrn.
WANTED— A furnished sunny room for ono in
private family. Box 1904. Call offlce.
GENTLEMAN desires large room In rettned
home; permanent. Box 2000. Call, office.
WANTEIX— By a single gentleman, a room In a
Bpanlsri-speaklnk family. Address box 19i6.
Call office. . ~
ROOMS WANTED.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
FARSIIXO anfl other property in various parts
of California for sale. Catalogue on applica-
tion to BALFOUR. GUTHRIB & CO.,
Sit California st, San Francisco.
I Spring Opening I
I Laces, Trimmings I
I and Silks 1
The choicest things always come to us, and why?—because 1
| every lace, trimming, and silk manufacturer knows that we are 1
on the lookout for all that is finest, richest and most beautiful i
and the public knows that our store is the place to find the very I
j latest novelties in these lines. : H
j Next week in the Lace Department we will show |
J Spring importations of laces, comprising many novelties, among |
I which are : M
I RobCS~ Ruffled robes ' s P an S led robes, fancy net robes, §
I appliqued net robes in the various new designs. |
I LaCeS"" including the D ' Alecon » Russian and Venice with I
m -a-^M-wvo e ff ects i n bands, edges and allovers. |
y Allover chiffons In Persian effects — Spangled nets in gold, P
| silver and new Oriental colorings— Gold, silver and Persian fi
I cloths in all qualities. jj
Dress Trimmings-^/ lsn n elt j es .^s P ecia! I
I j O interest to dress makers, B
j in Persian bands, Persian and gold bands, Persian and gold ¦
j appliques in all widths and the latest shadings, gold and silver E
| lace passementeries in all widths, colored 'spangled novelties, f
I Persian and Russian appliques with gold, "white and gold Renais^ |
I sance with Oriental effects. I
I Garnitures, Boleros and Jackets 9
| never have we shown such a variety of beautiful styles in I
I Spangled, Renaissance, Russian and Braided; in gold.white and I
| gold, Persian, Persian and gold, and black and gold. H
I Silks — newest Foulards in Pompadour, Jacquard and fj
: Faconne effects — high grade goods in latest designs i
; at 85c, $1.00 and $1.25 per yard. n
IV^ash Silks~ Kai ' Kai in stri P es and checks in I
entirely new colorings at 45c a yard. |
T aSS Ore — str 'P ed silk » the latest eastern fad for sum- 1
mer waists and gowns at $1.00 a yard. |
FanCV Sllks~~ in a lar S e ass °rtment of allover lace J
J effects, stripes, figures, etc. j
See above novelties note on display in our s7iow tmndotcs. t
129 Kearny Street 1London Market.
Atchlson. 87%; Canadian Pacific, 83; Union
Pacific preferred, 90; Northern Pacific pre-
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of -the ?130,0CO,CC0 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance. J145.87J.431; gold, J77.0S3.SS7.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Feb. T.2.— The weekly state
ment cf averages of the associated banks
* Loan's. J911.SOO.9nO; Jecrease, J2.SS2.100.
Deposit*. *1,I5O9.1«8,'><K>; decrease.' S2.142.10O.
Circulation, $*1, 213.000; Increase, $66.4GO.
Legal tenders; $73.S30.1C0: increase 11,418,800.
Specie, $l?2.9o3,300; decrease. $260,100.
Reserve, increase, |L<34,275.
Surplus bank reserves In excess cf the legal
requirements of February 16. J14, 516.675.
The Financier says: The changes in the
New York bank statement for the current week
are not so etriklns as those which have been
noted for a month or bo previous, although
the exhibit Is Important in Its revelation of
a pc«slble consummation of the Important
financial operations that have, distinguished
the opening months of the current year. .The
scheme in fact covers only four days of the
Stock Exchange week, as Friday and Satur
day were observed as holidays. The known
movements of money coincide rather clcs;ly
with the totals of averages announced Satur
day, specie having exronded $1.41S,f.OO. while
legal* decreased $260,100. Thi?. accompanied by
a decrea^ of over two millions in deposits,
resulted in a gain of $1,694,125 in the surplus
reserve, bringing that item up to $14,540,675.
The falling off In deposits and In loans mark
the first decreases that have been noted this
year and are due probably to liquidation that
has" been characteristic or stock market opera
tions of latf. It cannot bs assumed, however,
that ths statement will continue to show only
unimportant fluctuations, for pending deals of
magnitude may rx.cn- A dec-idsd influence in the
near future. The i>ofcitlon of the banks, in
view of v.-Iiat has occurred lately, con only
be described a« strong-. The season of heavy
remittances from tha interior, if past experi
ence is a pafe guide, is over for thi present.
The early spring months are usually marked
by a decided decrsa*^ in the cash resources
of the banKs. But for all that tlie Immediate
future, baaed 011 normal conditions, does not
indicate hlslier monay rates. /Cf course if the
banks are put to the btraln of financing heavy
trust plans predictions as to money rates must
be regarded aa theoretical, but the success of
pending scheme ¦ will be assisted by a not
over tirm marltet and to that, extent at least,
it is safe to say. no Ktrinsency Is probable.
The loan and deposit Items of the clearing
house institutions have been enormously in
flated since early In January, but despite the
expansion of liabilities the surplus reserve is
within seven millions as high as a year ago.
this, too, in the face of an increase of one
hundred and twenty-two millions of deposits
and one hundred and Jlxty-slx millions of loans
In the tame period.
Wccklx Bank Statement.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nezv York . Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.-Th» m-tai market;
aMde from continued fair activity and stability
in tin, was a small affair. In the absence of
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— Considerably higher
prices were, reached in cotton to-day. The
market opened firm, 'iit! points higher on ac
tive buy Ins for both arcounts from nearly all
quarters. More or less irregularity wns noted,
due to llcht flurries of proflt-takim?. For a
Saturday trading was active and speculation
as a whole wa* healthy. Sentiment ¦ in . local
circles wtis somewhat mixed after the first
hour, tha pit rerofnrninjc the- fact that the
market had a-25-polnt reaction from the recent
brenk and that thfl weak shorts were well
weeded cut. ! Yet conditions were bullish' be
yond question, serving to arrest selling from
decline. .The market iloseii barely steady. 3
points higher to 1 points lower, having eas'd
off in the last minute.* under realizing.
New] York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— Prime mercantile
paper. ZliftV/. per cent. Exchange steady, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $1 S7',fc for
demand and nl $4 . C 3'i for sixty days; posted
rates. $1 84»i'S4 ?5 and }4 SV. commercial bills
S4 83U*?1 S3»i. ¦ Bar silver, 61*ic. Mexican dol
lars, 4Sc. •
New York Money Market.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet, winter patents. J3 6fl@3 SO; straights,
J3 2<!{?3 SO; clears. $2 fi<Vff3 20: eprins specials,
M 2C<t4 ?0; patents. $n 50<5J3 70; straights. i3@
3 20; bakers'. ?2 20t?2 SO: No. 3 spring wheat,
67»i$3'72V4c: N'o. 2 red, 73%c; No. 2 corn, 40c;
No. 2 yellow. 4Pc: No. 2 oats. 23 ! ;i@26i, 3 c: No.
2 white. 2S>,i<g'29e; No. 3 white, ;7>if*27»ic: No. 2
rye, tie; good feeding barley, 4S<{i4'Jc: fair to
choice malting barley, £Ogf,6c: No. 1 flaxseed.
Jl 62; No. 1 Northwestern, {1 65; prime, timothy
scsd, $4 40; me«» pork, p?r barrel, $Hffl4 05;
lnrd. per 100 pounds, $7 47>£: short ribs sides
«looFe>, $7(57 23: dry raited shoulders (bo;:ed),
CHSSVjc: short clear sides (boxed). $7 40@7 fiO;
whisky, basis of high wines, }1 21; clover, con
tract grade. $11. ••
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Fiour. barrels ; iil.OflO fi2,GW
Wheat. . bush»l9 9G.C0« 116.000
Corn. bUBhels 632. 0<V) "33.O0O
Oats, bushels 67."»,00O 232,f<M
Rye, bushels 10,000 '6,000
Barley, bushels 7S.0OO U.OOi)
On the Produce Exchange to-rtay the butter
market was active; creameries,, llffi22Vic; dairy,
10®l£c Cheese, quiet, lOUfll^c. Eggs, strong;
fresh, 17'iflSc.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening .'. 1114 8H
Closing 5 ius fi «
PARIS.
Wheat — Feb. May.-AUff.
Opening is ss 20 K5.
ClPRlnsr 19 SS 20 90 -
Flour—
Ojicnlng isr.. 1 ; ;« 05
Closing •• 23 GO . 25 63
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
February 7J»i 74H 74>; • I 1 *
March 74^ 74% 74*» 71^
May 76V» 76H 76 76'.«
Corn No. Z— .
February •••• •••• 33 **
March 39% ' ZV.-, 39% &**
May 41 41-Hi 40% 4l!i
Oats No. 2 —
February 2t '<»
May 25?; 26 25% 23%
Mets pork, per barrel-
February u 00
May 14 07H 14 17V4 14 07V4 II 15
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May " **H
July 7 52'«i 7 00 7 52V4 " 52' 3
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
February 7 07Vj
May 7 C7V4 7 12li 7 07Vi 7 m a
September 7 20 7 25 7 20 7 25
of the market was firm. A prominent ele
vator concern formed chief support, tak
ing In about half a million bushels of May,
May opened »iSJ%c higher at 7t>{j76Hc. influ
enced mostly by the steadlnebs of the Liver
pool market. Sympathy with corn helped the
market later and May touched 76%c and closed
ft©Hc higher at 76>i<376 1 -ic. With the rank
and file sentiment averaged bearish, but there
¦waK little done In the way of backing up
their ideas.
Corn ruled strong on covering. Toward the
cr,d of the session buying by shorts cau«ed a
sharp bulge to 41%c and the close was strong,
"Hifi^c higher, at 4Hje. f
Oats were dull early, but active and firm
later In sympathy with corn. May closed
fe&HC higher at 23!<>r\
Provisions were extremely dull. May pork
< loted 10c higher, lard unchanged and ribs
5; up.
The leading futures ranged as follows: •
CHICAGO. Feb. 23.— Business In wheat was
not of a conspicuous character, but the tone
Chicago Grain Market.
POTATOES— Ei»rly Rose, I5@7oc; Burbanks.
30J7tCc for River. S1S1 20 • per ctl for Salinas
and 50cJf$l for Oregon: Garnet Chiles from
Ororon. MDJTSct- Sweets. "ScWJl for Merced.
¦ ' ONIONS- r $4 50 per ctl; Cut Onions, $2JJ3
rer ctl. •'¦
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 7#12He: Aspara
ftus," lfl<??25c: Green- Peas." 24?10c for L03 An
geles and 7(590' for Bay .per lb; String Beans,'
Conditions were against Asparasrus and Rhu
barb.¦¦*. Recelpta were heavier, and the drench
ins rain kept buyers away, hence lower prices
ruled* - No more forced Asparagus is 1 coming
in. Southern Vegetablce ruled firm.
OnJon» are lower again, a car from Nevada
s«llinis : 'nt $1 50.' . '
Three 'cars of Merced Sweets came in. The
Potato market stands about as before.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominat: Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax.- $2 50fl3; Canary. 3'^©
3*ic for Eastern: Alfalfa, 7%<gS"-*c for Califor
nia and 9<3DHc for Utah; Rape. 2@2i$c: Hemp,
3^c: Timothy. 6*»c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. t:ft2 50: Green, $2 70
03 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal. .
13KANS— Hayes, $2 50©2 75: Small White.
U fiO04 90; Large White. $4®4 25: Pink. $2 15®
2 35; Red. $303 60; Blackeye. $3©3 25: Ltmas,
$.1 60(35 70: Pen. cleaned up and nominal; Red
Kldnev. $3 75<ff4 per ctl.
On Thursday the. Government accepted bids
for 90,000 lbs larjre white Beans at Jl 37^0
4 42>:i, usual conditions. Otherwise there ii
nothing new. In the market.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer. $5@S: Wheat, $11<£13;
Wheat and Oat. $9A12; Oat, $9911 50: Clover,
nominal: Alfalfa, $SS3 50; Barley, $7 5089 30
per ton.
STRAW-33® »'4c per bale.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $1&316 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. J23S26; lobbing,
J2S 60; Cocoanut Cake, $17@1S: Corn Meal. $23
625 JO; Cracked Corn, J25 50826; Mixed Feed,
U5<51«.
MIDDLINGS— J16 50®13 50 per ton.
The heavy rain again stopped trading In
Hay. Feedstuffs stood as before.
BRAN-$I&917 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 23©
}S 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extra*. $3 15<33 25:
Oregon." J2 75®2 SS per barrel for family and
$2 7583 for takers'! Washington, bakers', J2'75
63..
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. J3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, »2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 50; Rice Flour. S7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, J3 50: Oat Groats. $1 50; llcrn-
Iny, 53 DCW3 73; Buckwheat Flour. Jl®4 23;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 23: Rolled Oats (barrels), $8 10
®7 60: in sacks. $5 75<S7 25; Pearl Barley. J3;
Split Peas, $3; Green Peas. $5 50 per 190 lba.
CORN— Still neglected and nominal. Tel
low, U 12Higl 15; White, Jl 15; Eastern mixed,
Jl 12H per ctl.
RYE— Quoted at 82HffS5c per ctl, with frea
tales to local millers at the outside figure.
•'¦£ Flour and Millstuffs.
OATS — Quiet, easy and unchanged.
White. Jl 25(jn 45: Surprise, nominal: Red.
SI 23@1 40 for Feed and $1 33®1 45 Tor Seed;
Gray, nominal: Black, for feed, Jl 17H01 20:
lor se<«d Jl 2501 30 per ctl.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Informal Session— 3:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed. 72V4c for choice bright. "OigTlUe for No.
1 and 67Hc for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades. 75(^S0c: Chevalier, nominal.
Regular MorninK Session— May — CC10 ctls.
P3v4 c; 30,000,-$!. December— 2000. $1 C'5; 6000,
$1 05%.
BARLEY— The old prices are quoted, with
hardly anything dolrg.
WHEAT— Paris was lower and New York
several fractions higher. Chicago opened
firmer with moderate receipts. There was no
particular tendency. Armour bought and the
scalpers sold. The Flour trade was lair and
it was reported that Plllsbury would start up
three new mills during the coming week.
There was _a little scattered export demand.
The Modern Mlllfr of St. Louis says that the
cold wave has been severe over a large part
of th» winter wheat belt, r.-hlch has been only
partially protected by snow, some sections be
ing wholly bare, hence crop conditions are
hardly as favorable as they have been. A
cable repeated severe damage by frost in Ger
many. Argentine shipments for the week
were 9S4.OCO bushels, againbt 2,624,000 for the
same wr>ek last year.
In this market ihe only change, was a slight
Improvement in futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 95c: milling, 9TV»c®
M 02% per ctl.
CALL. BOARD SALEF.
Informal Session— I>:1j o'clock— May-*4<>00 ctls,
?1 0i%; iOOA. $1 04»i. May-4!X)0. P9%c; 2000. 93«ic
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, 99»ic; 4000,
99*;c. December— 6000, $1 04"4.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — J4 SS^i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SSH
Sterling Cables — 4 89«4
New York Exchange, sight — lTVj
New York Exchange, telegraphic .— . 224
Silver, per ounce — • 61&i
Mexican Dollars, nominal £0 <Q 51
Exchange and Bullion.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, unset
tled weather, with {ok in the morning, clear-
Ing during the «1ay: lisht southwest winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADlE.
Forecast Official.
Arizona— Fair Sunday
Northern California — Cloudv and unsettled
weather Sunday, clearing in the afternoon;
tresh westerlv winds.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Sunday; fresh southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Sunday.
Utah— Cloudy, unsettled weather Sunday;
occasional light showers.
The following special river reports show a
Itrpe volume of water and a rapid run off:
Sacramento. 2S. 9 fe»"t and rislnp: San Joatiuin,
17.5 and rising:: Water ford. It. 5 and risinR;
a'crysvllle. Ifi.4 and rising; Tthama, 13.9 and
using; Oroville, 13: Colusa 13.4. A report from
Red Bluff, states that the snow is meltins In
the mountains.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours endinjr midnight. February 14, 1901:
The heavy rainfall In the northern portion
nf the State, combined with the high tempera
tures, will cause hlgrh waters in the rivers of
Northern California. At many points the
btreams will probably pass the danger line.
The temperature has fallen In the Sierra,
but continues above the normal over the
greater portion of California. Rain has fallen
frcm Son Luis Qblspo to Neah Bay. A thun
<?«-rntorm is reportc-d at Eureka.
The pressure ha* fallen rapidly during; the
fast twenty-four hours between th^ Sierra and
the Rocky Mountains and has risen along the
coast from Point Conception to Cape Blanco.
FORECAST.
San Francisco datn: Maximum temperature.
60; minimum, 63; m»an. M.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
WASHINGTON. Feb. 23.— Several mem
bers of the California delegation, with
Mrs. Lovell White and Mrs. A. D. Sharon,
held a conference with Mr. "Whiteside,
owner of the CaJaveras big trees, and his
counsel. ex-Senator Towne of Minnesota,
at the Capitol to-day with a view toward
reaching an understanding regarding the
price at which Whiteside would sell the
property to the Government. The entire
matter involved in the big tree bill now
proposed for enactment was discussed, but
without arranging a definite conclusion.
Another conference will be held at the
office of the Secretary of the Interior
Monday next, which it is hoped will pro
duce results favorable to the speedy con
sideration of the measure, if Speaker Hen
derson's objections to it can be overcome.
DISCUSS THE PRICE
OF BIG-TREE GROVE
WASHINGTON', B.— Severely as
Representative W. P. Hepburn of Iowa
criticized the officer* of the army he is
making a determined effort to Induce the
President to retain his son In the military
service as their a^feoclate. Yo.nB Mr.
Hepburn Is captain of volunteers in the
Signal Corps and is stationed In Puerto
Principe, Cuba.
"Whatever there is of criticism with re
g&r& to so-called upstarts." 1 said Hepburn
in the House yesterday, speaking of th*
officers of the army, "in my judgment
has its foundation, its Inception, in this
thing we call hazing at the academics.
That Is the starting point; that is where
the boy first gets his idea of superiority.
There is where he lim attempts its un
lawful and unjust exercise on other peo
ple."
Hepburn paid other harsh things about
army officers and attacked officers of the
navy. Faying he had in his pocket a list
of twenty-five naval vessels that had
either been cast away or run upon rocks
or shoals, and that the severest punish
ment imposed upon any of the command
ers of these ships was three years' eus
pension with short p*y.
Hepburn's statements are resented by
both army and navy officers. In Congres
sional circles it is recalled that Hepburn
was responsible for the action of the Mil
itary Committee in increasing the Signal
Corps, and lt is charged that this "hold
up" was for the benefit of his own son.
It is known that Hepburn, immediately
after the inclusion of the provision in th.3
army reorganization law. telegraphed his
son and took steps for securing his reten
tion in the service after the discharge of
volunteers now holding commissions.
Hepburn's attack on the military and
naval services is r*c:arded as especially
unfortunate at this time, as he is in
t harge of the revenue cutter reorganiza
tion bill, which is t« be considered by the
House immediately after the appropria
tion bills are out. of the way.
It Is said that there are other members
of Congress who have venomously at
tacked the army and military academy
who are energetically trying to obtain ap
pointments for relatives.
HEPBURN WISHES SON
RETAINED IN ARMY
Representative's Bitter Attack on
Army and Navy Is Resented by
Military Men.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts. 27,-
SS8 bbls; exports, 7029 bbls. Quiet but steady.
Minnesota patent?, $l(g4 80; do. bakers', $3@
3 25; wlntor patents. $3 65@4: winter straights,
$3 45^73 50; winter extras, $2 5P(J2 85; winter low
grades, $2 45^2 60.
WHEAT— Kecelpts, 94.100 bushels; exports,.
T4,0OO. Spot market, dull but firm; No. 2 red.
81'|?S1% f. o. b. afloat; No. 2. 73c elevator: No.
2 Northern Duluth, 87%o f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
hard Duluth. ?l»f.c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opercd firm but quiet and ruled slow, with only I
local trading in the absence of new features |
beyond the smaller Argentine shipments and
the light run of Northwest receipts. I'rices
rallied slightly on local covering with the close
steady at a net advance of Va^'ie. March, 79U
©7954c closed 79»ie; May. S0i§SO»gc. closed SD»»c:
July closed 79^0.
HOPS— Quiet; Ptat* common to choice, 1900
crop. 17@-0c; 15?9 crop, llf?15c: old olds, 2ft8c;
Pacific Coast, 1PW crop, 17@19c; 1S93 crop, 11@
15c; old olde. 2'2?6c.
HIDES— Firm: California. 21fi25 pounds. 19c.
WOOL— Domestic fleece, 24®26Hc. !
' COFFEE — Futurf-s closed steady with prices j
net unchanged to 15 points higher. Total sales, i
,32.250 bagp, including: March. $« 15??6 20; April.
$fi 20; May. $6 !0: June. $6 20(g6 25; July. $6 20^
6 25: August, f? 25: September. $S 20*16 25; Oc
tober, ?*> 2<vgti 25. Spot coffee— Rio. steady: No.
7 invoice. 7 s »c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8®12%c.
St JAR— Raw, steady but quiet; reflnlner.
S"ic: CVntrlfucnl. 96 test. 4>-ic: molaFses pucar.
34c; refined, quiet; standard A, 5-SOc: confec
tioners" A. 5.30c; mold A, 5.85; cutloaf, 6.00c;
crushed, 6.00c; powdered, 5.60c; granulated.
5.50c' cuhos, 5.75c.
BUTTER— Receipts. S114 packages: firm: fresh
' err amf-ry. 16t?23c; June creamer;-, 15(320c; fac
! tory. 11Q15C.
' EGGS— Receipt!", 10,223 packages; steady;
j Western at mark, lK4c: Southern at mark, lSe.
I DRIED FRCITS.
I The market for evaporated Rpples ruled rathet
I quiet, but about ftesdy at unchanged prlcf^.
State common »vas quoted at 3» t tt'»\c; prime.
<!4Q-Se: choice. 64ffie. and fancy, 6?/7c.
California driod fruil» were inactive. Nom
inally quoted at 3V4'5S4c per pound, as to size
pnd quelltv.
APRICOTS— Royal. 7»i(gi:c; Moorpark, 8Vi#
15c.
PEACHES, pe^ed. llf?lSe; unpeeled, 64®lCc.
SATURDAY, Feto. 23— U m.
Bid. Ask. 1 ¦ Bid. Ask.
Alpha esrjj Julia — . cJ
Alta Cl 04 f$
Andes fl5 C7,Ke:«uck Cl f»
Best A Belcher 2« 27[Mexlcan U 25
Bilcher 1« lS;Occ1ilental f.» OT
Bullion 02 M 1 Ophlr 82 83
Caledonia 73 75'ovcnnan l» i«
Confidence ..... 70 r>' Potdst .15 17
Con Ca! & Va..l 75 1 gO.Savasr* 13 14
Con Imperial... 61 K;Sf« Belcher.... Cl S3
Chollar -f* 10, Sierra N-vada. J2 34
Crown Point... 15 14 Silver Hill 45 4«
Challense Con/ 19 21?Standard 4 t> 4 35
Exchequer ...:., 01 Kjrnion Ccn Vi Z7
Gould & Curry: 2' ..". ' "07
Hale i Nor Is 20 Tellow Jacket.. .25 26
CLOSING QUOTATION?.
SATURDAY. Feb. 23—12 m.
¦ ' - tTNITED* STATES BOJTP5.
' ' ' \. Bid. Ask '• BM.Aftic.
U 8 Is ooup...ll3%114><j'US 4s cp (new)137V3?\i
Do 4s're«....m\U4>, 1 Do 3»eoup... — 1UV»
¦ • MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.10.Vi — {Oak TV Co as. — 1P1
Ca»-st Cab 5sll« — [Oceanic S3 Ssl'VjKtf
C C Water 5s. — 109 lOm C R «».... 123 — *
E L & P «s..12S 13S*i' Pae G Imp 4s. — 1Q0 «•_
F * Cl Ry 8»..114'i — Pk & Cl R R3...10S ¦»-
Geary,st R. Is. — — Pic * O R «»-- — — •
Haw C S'-s-.-lCS^i — Fowell-at R fefifti —
Do 5s.. ...-.?.. — — i S E G * R 5s. — 98*i
L. A R R 5S...112H — | S F & SJV iij U0 —
I, A I.t Us — — I? R of Cal 6s..lf> —
Do gntd 6s.. — 1P» i S P of A 6s ..112 —
Do gntd 53.. — — , S P C «s (1CC3
L A P R 5s...l<n l il0:!U' Series A)....I104 —
Markt-st C fis.lifl — i Do <S<ries B>U«H —
Do 1st c S9.. 123\ — I Do (lOOSi 113'* —
N C N G R 7s — 1134! Do tl312> 122» 4 —
N R of Cal 6s. U3 — IS P C 1st g 5s.l%< 2 —
Do 5s VWXn 3 P Br R «j»..132 —
, N P C n R Ss.lOli, — 'S V Water «3. Ha 1 * — .
Doss 1CS — Do 4» 104U —
N C R R r,s...lll 112 Do M.mtg... — 1C$4
O G L & H as. 113 — Stkn G 4. E te.lCS'i —
Oak Tr Co 6s. 117 — I x
' WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. *«\ Wi" -Spring Valley. 93H —
Marin County. 62', — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent t. & P... 3 — 'Pae Lt Co 43^ 44*4 •
Equit Gas .... 3'i — Sac E G A R. — 37i»
Mut Elec Lt.. — 8 R F G & E... V\ 49
O G L A H.. 41»i — San Francisco. 4*» —
Pae Gas Imp.. 44> 2 45 Stktn G & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund 232 — v /
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77 - Lon P * A... .144 150
Bank of Cal.. 410 — Mer Ex (liq).. 18 —
Cal Paf> D<»p. — lfxj'-i S F National.. — 125
1st N of S F.. — S12V
SAVINGS BANKS.
German — 1^0 Sav & Lean.'.. — —
Humboldt — — Security Z75 —
¦ Mutual 5" — Union Trust... — —
' S F Sav U... 3124 —
j STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
!.CaJ!fnrnia-st -.135 140 ;O S L & H... 43 — .
| Geary-st , 47' 2 — • Presidio. 13 . —
3Iarket-st 63 — '
IWVDER STOCKS.
j California l.V» — tVigorit I —
Giant Con S3 1 ; $341
I SUGAR STOCKS.
, Hana Plan ?S * jKitauea. 22*i 23
Haw Com? M STVMakaweli 44'- a 4a
Honokaa 3:^ — lOnomea 21 —
Hutch S P .... 2-;'» — iPaauhau 33i» —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska P A... — 1254 Oceanic SS Co. 81 —
Cal Fruit Can. — 105 Pae A F A 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.l<X> — Pae C Bor Co.l.Vl —
Mer Ex Assn..l'12'i — 1 'Parff Paint Co Wj —.
Mornlnt- SesMon.
• , Board— I
lh Alaska Packers' Assn 125 CO
25 Alaska Packers' A?sn 124 73
23 Cal Safe Deposit 105 30
20 Cal Wine As?n lift W
l.» Contra Costa Water 69 73
40 Giant Fowd»r Con S3 2$
V) Giant Powder Con S3 SJVfc
13 Giant Powder cVn S3 JO
100 Honckaa 22 73 —
10 Kllaues Sugar i'Untatton Co 23 «)
50 Makaweli 44 82V
$3000 N P C R R 53 10*25
10 Oceanic S S Co «') 0t>
15 Oceanic S S Co SO 7S
75 Oceanic S S Co « CO
lt» Oceanic S S Co «l 50'
1> Oceanic S S Co 61 73
35 Oceanic S S Co 62 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 62 73
10 Oceanic S S Co 63 50
10 Oceanic 3 S Co .' 64 no .
10 Oceanic 3 S Co 64 25
10 Oceanic S S Co 63 f>0
10 Oceanic S S Co <5 25
25 Oceanic S S Co Si? <V)
$49fO Oceanic F S Bonds 1"« 73
105 Paauhau S P Co 33 a0
25 Pacific Gas Imp 44 75
5 S F Gas and Electric Co 43 <V>
150 S F Gas and Electric Co 4S 75
$JOCO S V 4s (3d mt?»> 103 23
Street—
JlO.Cftrt Northern Ry of Cal "s 120 50
60 Mak»w»ll % *- . 44 «2^4
10 California Street R R 135 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Heroine Session.
Beard — ,
11 Blue Goose' 4 CO
10 Blue Goose 3 CO
4'V) California Standard 31
lfiO California Standard 39
fciQ Caribou 83
2:K) Central Point Con.^ 2 <">
|W> Four 31 •
38Four ,»J
5 Homestak* »••;
10 Kern 1» *2S
WlLlon =2
?W Monarch of Arizona «
SCO Occidental of West Virsinla M
IC0O Ol! City Petroleum •. 31
25 Peerless 8 371J
1611 Petroleum Center H
1<2 retroleum Center - 15
101 Reed Crude M-
Kirt Reed Crud? 67
(too Reed Crude, s 10 M
2i:0 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 12 M
.V10 Superior 29
100 Twenty-eight 2 CO
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
•¦;¦"•.- >
Mornini Session.
' Board—
10CO Four Oil Ct> -59
4r,0 Lton 21
1J00 Petroleum Center 11
59 Reed Crude 65
t-;; MINING STOCK9.
The following were the sales In the San Fraa
clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlnz Session.
•W Best & Belcher 26 9flO Ophlr n
WO Con Cal & Va..l 7S ICO Silver Hill 44 ."
70O Mexican .. - 23 3C0 Tellow Jacket.. »
300 Ophlr SI . _ .; - ; •- ¦•'.,
The following. were the sales In the Pacific '
Stock Beard yesterday:
Mornlns Session. U - ~
2C0 Andf^.... .. C71 ZOO Ophlr St
ICOCale.onia 73j 40» Ophlr .....; 83
1100 Con Cal & Va..l 73 3C(VOphlr ; 84
420 Con Ca! * Va..l S*\ lC(^Sterra Nevada'.' 33 .
300 Mexican 24 2T0 Sierra. N»vada. , 31 '
2i-0 Mexican 15" 2CO SUver HUI 44
• 750 Ophlr S0i . ...
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
An improvement In Oceanic stock was the
principal feature on the Bond Exchange, tha
rtock opening at ?6rt. rinlrs; to $66. falling back
to J80.7S and closing at $61. Otherwise there
Tvas no particular change to report.
On the oil exchanges business was light.
Petroleum Center and San Joaquin w«~ weaker
at a slight decline.
Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchacg« last
week were 7M33 shares, valued at $53.U1. th»
leading transactions being as follows: Four.
S138 shares: Independence. SI."*: Lion. 8C5; Oil
City. K00; Monarch. 4:<*>; Reed. K.4; Gold Dol
lar, 4400; Occidental. 230O.
ferred. $9; Grand Trunk. 6vs; Anaconda, 9.
Bar silver, 28 6-16d ptr ounce. Money, 4 per
cent.
* — — •*
(120th Meridian— raclfle Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 23-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of fame date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hourp:
Weather Report.
"The California raisin situation on the Epot
continued firm daring the week. A few lots of
2-crown loose of not particularly desirable
quality were sold under the market, but as a
general thing holders showed a stronger feeling.
For best 3-crown goods 6<.ic is generally apked.
and sunie laruo holders quote 6 l 4c. • Stocks «#
lor;-* raisins are now said to b« quite closely
controlled. There was some trade in layer
raisins and the market in slightly higher. *Ira
ported raiFins of all descriptions are practically
at a standstill, with everything in buyers 1
favor.
"Currants are more active and larger orders
are said to b« coming to local hcfliW?. but trade
is as yet of no very large proportions. Foreign
markets are reported firm. Prime evaporated
apples showed a considerable slump and at the
clo>=e there were free offerings of goods at 4 1 jc,
with no bids. Grenoble walnuts are in better
request."
"The increase of demand for prunes was the
feature in the driea fruit market lust week and
the aggregate business done was considerable,
although sales as a rule continued almost ex
clusively of small, or at least moderate-sized
lots, and at very low quotations. There was
some inquiry during the week for five and ten
car lots on about a 2o basis, but holders, so
far as could be learned, declined to consider
business p.t that level.
Mall reports from New York say
New York Dried Fruit Market.
The local Bank Clearings for the past week
amounted to I16.6C6.6S7, against $14,217,639 for
the same week last year.
Bank Clearings.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Feb. 23.— No change In wheat,
Bluestem, 57^c; club, oo'^c.
PORTLAND. Feb. 23.— The greater part of
the wheat sold In the Pacific Northwest dur
ing the week ending to-day was for milling
purpofps. tlie prices demanded by growers
keeping exporters out of the field except when
they could -pick up an occasional lot at about
the export values, which are in the neighbor
hood of 5ac and 55 l /jc for Walla Walla and
about for bluestcm.
Cleared — ftcamir Skarpa.no, for Hongkong
and way portF, with 13,975 barrels flour; ship
County of IXimfries. for Queenstown, with 85,
772 bushels wheat.
OREGON-
Northern Wheat Market.
WHEAT— Spot, dull: Xo. 1 California, Ss 2d:
No. 2 red Western winter, Ss llUd; No. 1
Northern spring. 6s 2Hd. Futures, firm; March,
ts lHjd; May, 6s Ud.
CORN — Spot American mixi»d, new, steady.
Ss 10%d; American mixed, old. quiet. 3s ll*id.
Futures, steady; March. 3s 9\4; May, 3s 0 s «d;
July. 3s lOd.
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), £4@£5 13s.
FLOUR— Steady; St. Louis fancy winter,
Ss 6d.
CLOSING
LONDON*. Feb. 23.-Consols. 97^: silver,
28 5-16d. Wheat cargoes on passage, quieter,
hardly any demand; cargoes . Walla Walla, 28s
6d: English country markets, quiet.
L.IVERFOOL, Feb. 23.-Wheat. firm; No. 1
Standard California, Rs 3'-id©6s 4d; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Pans, dull; French coun
try markets, quiet; weather in England, over
cast.
COTTOX— Uplands. 5 5-Kd.
Foreign Markets.
CHICAGO. Feb. 23.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200.
Nominally s'.eady. Good to prime steers. $4 90
©6; poor to medium, $3 50@4 SO; stockers and
folders. $2 7o!g4 50; cows. ?2 5CS4 25; heifers.
$2 50@4 60; canners, $1 S5f 2 50; bulls, $2 40®
4 20; calves. Jigs 50; Texas fed steers, $4®
4 90; jrrassers, $3 30® 4: bulls, $2 50® 3 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 20,000; Monday. 40,
0>X>; estimated left over, 1500. Strong to a
sl'ade higher: top, $5 50. ¦ Mixed and butchers,
$3 35(55 50; good to choice heavy, $» 40Q5 50;
r--ugh heavy, $5 3Og5 40; light. ?3 35@5 50; bulk
of salfs. ?j> 40i@5 45.
SHEEP- Receipts. 1000. Steady. Good to
choice wethers. $lrg4 60; fair to choice mixed,
$3 6Q<31 10: Western sheep, $4®4 60; Texas
sheep. $2 6C©3 65: native lambs, $4 50@5 25;
AVestern lambs, J5Q5 25.
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— The imports of gold
during the week amounted to {155,135. Exports
durinjr the week were $150,000 gold and $1,C63,
615 silver.
Movement of Specie.
information from abroad traders were inclined
to do business at previous prices rather than
to anticipate the advices to be received on Mon
day. Prices throughout the seneral list ranged
as follows: Tin, $:6 90^2"; lead. *l 37i,i; spelter,
i3 97V3@4 02Hc; copper, $17 for lake and $15 62*i
lor castinp and electrolytic, and pigiron war
lantp, $9 60Q10 60; Northern foundry,- $15® 16 M>;
Southern foundry. ?14 30Q15 75, and soft South
ern, |14 g 15 75.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS. '
Weekly bank clearings show the usual gain.
Silver a fraction off. Exchange unchanged.
Fair Saturday's business in local stocks and bonds.
Oil stocks contjjiuc quiet.
Wheat futures somewhat higher. Barley still dull.
Oats dull and Corn neglected. Fair sales of Rye.
Government takes 90,000 pounds of large White Beans.
Onions, Asparagus and Rhubarb lower.
Poultry steady and Game weak and in bad condition.
Butter and Eggs lower and Cheese- xveak.
Oranges and Lemons unchanged. Limes well cleaned upt
Nothing new in Dried Fruit. • •
Provisions neglected at the old prices.
Meat market as previously quoted.
TTASHTNGTON'. Feb. 23.— The Senate
Committee on Relations with Cuba met
to-day to consider a proposed amendment
to the army appropriation bill providing
for the disposition of Cuban affairs. The
proposition -was prepared by the Repub
lican members of the committee and is
said to be satisfactory to most of them.
Th« proposed amendment recites the so
called Teller amendment to the Spanish
Tvar resolution, and then gives ths Presi
dent authority to withdraw the troops
from Cuba when in hi9 judgment the pro
visions of the Teller amendment are real
ized.
The propositions embodied include the
following points:
That the T'nited States fhall have su
pervision of all treaties with foreign
countries made by the republic of Cuba.
That Cuba phall not undertake to pay
the debt incurred by Spain in her war
with Cuba prior to or after the interven
tion of the United States.
That Cuba shall apree either to lease or
sell to the United States such coaling and
naval stations as in the opinion of the
President of the United States may be
necessary to the protection of the inter
ests' of this country.
That the United States shall have suf
ficient supervision of the laws ot Cuba re
lating to sanitation to protect this coun
try from epidemics liable to originate
there.
It is understood that a draft of the con
stitution containing these provisions was
submitted to the President and the Secre
tary of War and that they expressed ap
pioval of them. The minority members of
the committee expressed themselves as
willing to come to an understanding on
these general line*. They insist, how
ever, upon many verbal amendments.
Another meeting: will likely be held on
Monday.
Provides That Cuba Shall Sell or
I/eaae Such Coaling Stations as
President May Deem
Necessary.
Republican Members Agree
on Amendment to the
Army Bill.
PLAN TO SETTLE
CUBAN QUESTION
Receipts of Produce.
Flour, qr nks. 3.1<^iatraw. tens 19
Wheat, ct!«..:... 4.230: Hay, tecs... T32
Barley, ctla. ...... .3.9*> Chicorj*. bbls ¦ W
dat». •<tl«..:.':^it .-" 74«,'5u«ar. -etls t,CSit
Coxb. ctls,.,?....'. »7 J ro,l 1 ime. bbls ,.». SC*
Rye^ ctls-....*.,.*! 740, Tallow. ctl»...... 2?>
Beans, fits.;.:....' I. J71 Raisins. bxt\..... 5f>
Potatoes. »k»..... 3. »S2 Quicksilver, C.ska, $<5
Onions, sks-.r.*..- 314 Leather, rolls. ». 7S
Brsn. sks... .-..:?;•' 1.693 'Wln^. arats OT.12 1
Middlings, ska.'.,'. 34". Hides. No 717
V. - oot,-ba!es....... 7« Pelts, bd'.s tM
; * OREGON. ..
Flour, qr t'ss 1.122
FOR FORTT.KIOHT HOURS.
Crushed. «.I5c; "Powdered. 3. «5c;i Candy Gran
ulated. 6.83c: Dry Granulated. 5.75c: Confec
tioners' A.-.3.73; Magnolia A. 5.£c: Extra C.
5.23c; Golden C, S.15c: barrels, lfie ftior*; half
barrels. 23c 1 more,: boxes. 50c, more; VMh- tags,
10c more. * No orders taken for lesa than ij
barrels or Its equivalent. Domtaos, hatf-bar
rels, «.50c; boxes, «.75o p«r lb.
SALMON— Round lots are quoted as follows:
Alaska, red. $1 10;. tredium do. $1 1<>: pink." 90
«9."c; Columbia River. «""hinook. St 75 for tall»
ar>d $1 ?5 for fl»t.<«; barreled Salmon. HO for
Alaska barrels anU $0 i0 (or half-barrels. .
SUGAR— Th« Western Sugar Rennfng com
pany quotes, per It>. in ICO-lb bates:
RICE— China mixed. $4 2*#i 23: No. L U 70®
4 S3: extra. $5 29ff5 50; Japanese.' U 3535 50;
Louisiana. $4f?6Jiv Hawaiian, nominal.
or eight weeks. Freights en coal from Eng
lar.d and Australia are weakening, still it 1%
impcsslble to force iale3 at quotations which
will not shew a loss to the Importer. Further
more, an export tax is again being agitated
In Great Britain on all coal exports; if thi» ts
effected It will put a quietus on all British
thipir.ents to this market. Fu«l oil is quietly
hut effectively finding new consumers, its
Incoming rn an extended scale Is assured, and
values will be so r*gu!;\t?<1 that consumers will
be forced to accept it as the comins steam
fuel."
••During the. week there have been three ar
rivals of coal from British Columbia. »473 tons
six from . Washington. 12.530 1 tons, two from
Oregon. lCSO'tcns: total. 23.CS3 t:r.s. As the
deliveries here last week were over 44.CCO tons,
no one "can b* suffering from want of fuel.
House gradea have been freely sold du-ln* the
month at full prices, jobbers and retailers re
port brisk businej"!". A contract was awarded
this week for 30.000 tons for transport use,
for which th» competition was very acuts.
The grade selected will be Australian. This
¦will about drain the market of all colonial
coal now here, and nearly due. it was at
first supposed that the sad accident at the
Oomox colliery in British Columbia would
cause" a flurry here fr.r «team fuel, but It !s
figured that shipments will recommence in six
BAGSi— San Ouentln Bae«. $" O- Calcutts
Grain Bags, June and July. 64Q6*ie; ¦ local
make. 6?jc; Wool Bogs. 3C:322 l ie; Fleece Twine,
7^c-
COAI^- Wellington, $3 per ton: SouthfleU
Wellington.- $9; Seattle. J7: Bryant, $7; Coo»
liay, $i iO; • Wallsend. IJ; Co-operative Walls
end. $3:- Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $t3 25 in
rucks: Pennsylvania Antraclte Egg. $14: Can
nel, $10 fsiv. ton; Coke.- $15 per ton In bulk and
$J7 in- sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $<« 4;
per 2000 poundt and $3 50 per ton. according
to brand. %• ¦ •', •
H«rri*cn'» circular stays:
General Merchandise.
The market remains unchanged. Hcjrs are
still scarce and firm, and the other meats are
none too plentiful.
BEEF— 7@8c for Steers and «.87Hc per lb for
cows.
VE.AI.r- Laree. 7@Se; *mall. 9c rrr Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 10@10Hc; Ewes. 10c per
pound.
LAMB— llVi®l!c per lb; spring. 12ViS13c per
pound.
•PORK— Ll\-e Hcgs. 6\;c for small and Pie for
medium and 6c for large; stock Hogs, %\%z:
feeders, 5%c; dressed Hogs, Sg34c
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted steers,
9%@10c; medium, 9c; light. SSS^c: Cow Hides".
S'.tc-for heavy and 8®8Hc for light: Stags. V&
SVic: Salted Kip. 3c: Salted Veal. »^10c: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 15H«16c: Culls. 13S^14c:
Dry Kip. 15®16c: Dry Calf, l?@17c; culls and
brands. 14@15c; Sheepskins, chearllngs. WftZQc
each; short Wool. 30©50c each: medium. 60S73o:
long Wool. 75c@$l each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 50
©2 75 for large and S2ff2 25 for medium. $1 25 fo
small and ,50c for colts: Horse Hides, dry. $175
for large, $1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small and
50o for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red rklng.
35c: fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin
skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c
TALLOW— No. X rendered. 4V3©4*;c per lb;
No. 2, 4@4«ic; grease, 2©2Hc
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as, follow*:
Northern, free. 13@l6c: Northern, defective. 12^
14c; Middle County, free. 13016c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12©14c: Southern Mountain. 12
months'. Siglfic: Southern Mountain, free. 7
months', 115312c: Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months", 9<?lle: Humboldt and Mendocino, 15
®17c: Nevada. 13616c per Ih.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. eHt^Se: do lambs. 89
9c: Middle County. 9©10c; Northern Mountain,
free, 10@Uc; Southern Mountain, 7V»©SHc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 11312c per lb.
HOPS-15@20c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Dullr.eys fs still the order of the day in this
market. Prices stand Vhe same.
CURED MEATS— Bacon.—11«U4c per lb for
heavy. UH®12c for light medium. 12Vi3il3c for
light. 134@14c for extra llpht and 15ffl5Hc for
sugar-cured; Eastern sogar-curpd Hams, 12c;
Mess Beef. $12 per barrel: extra Mess. $13:
Family. $14: extra fine Pork. $l"vf:j ,v>: extr:i
clear. $13 50<320 ; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef. 13c
per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at mftGKc r*r lb for
compound and SUc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
8Hc: 10-lb tins. 10c: 5-lb tins. lOUe.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. 81{c; three
half-barrels. Pc: one tierce. 7T»c; two tierces.
7\c: five tierces, 7Hc per lb.
Provisions.
Conditions remain the #ame as for th« past j
week' or so and quotations are unaltered./
FRUITS— Apricots. €J|Sc for "Royals and W3
lOUc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 49
5Hc:>un-dried. lV4@2%c: ' Peaches. 3«?34e for
standard. 4@4'ic for choice, and 5S6c for
fancy; Pears. 2'S7c: Plums, pitted. «®ic; uc
pltted, 131Nc; Nectarines, 5@5V;C for red anJ
bVrtfte for white.
. PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 s!z«s. 2c: 3n-4fls. 7c:
40-SOs WiOJ 50-*0^. 4Vic: 6O-7PS. 3%c; 70-SOs. 3V»c:
RO-SOs. 2'*c; S0-10<>». ZVtc: 10O-120«. l^c: rubles.
>ic premium; Sonomas. He and San Joaquin*
Uc less than Santa Claras, except 100 and over,
which ttand th» same.
RAISTNS— The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices: Bleached,
Thon.pson's fancy. 12c per lb: choice. Uc;
ttandard. 10c; prime. 9c: unbleached Thomp
pon's. Pc per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. JO^c p*r
lb: choice. 9i«c: standard. S^i«*; prime. Sc: un
hleecheti Sultanas, Sc: Seedless. 50-lb boxes.
fiM,e: 4-crown. 7c: 3-crown. (S^c: 2-crown, Sc.
Tacifie brand. 2-crown. 5c: 3-crown. o^e. and
4-crown. EVJc: seeded (Fresno prices), fancy.
16-ounce. 7c: 12-ounce. Stjc; choice. 16-ounce,
6«c: 12-ounce. S'ic: London Layer*. !-crown.
Jl 50 rer box: 3-crown. $1 60: Fancy Clusters.
tl; Dehesa. »2 59; Imperial. 13. All prices f. o.
b at common shipping points In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. S<£10c per lb for Italian:
Walnut*. ¦ No. 1. softshell. 10c: No. 2. "Vjc: No.
1 hardshell. 9'.io: No. 2. 7e: Almonds. 12-313=
for papershell. 9©llo for snftshell: Peanuts. 5
&6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 1.>: Filberts,
13c: Pecans. \WlZc: Cocoanuts, $.1 KO^S.
HONEY— Comb. 13»4<314c for hright and 124
ffrl3c for lieht amber: water white extracted.
7Vic; light amber extracted. 6^37c; dark, 6-ff
fiUc rer 11>.
BEESWAX-241?:6c per lb.
Limes are about out. and th» quotations be
low are therefore largely nominal.
There is nothing new in Bananas and Ap
ples.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 33ig 65c per box for common. 7Sc<>
$1 i0 for good to choice and II 75ff2 for fancy
PEAKS— 65c<ajl E0 per .box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, Jlf}2;
Seedlings. 50c@Jl 23; Tangarines, 75c@Jl 50:
Japanese Mandarins, $1-0 1 DO; Lemons. Jl^
Jl 25 for common and Jl 5CB2 for good u
choice: Grape Fruit, 5icg$2: Mexican Limes.
$S; California Limes. "Scfltl; Bananas, 30c@
$1 per bunch for Island and SI 25«l 75 for New
Orleans; Pineapples. 75c#J2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
At Friday's Orang? auction four cars "«r»re
sold, as follows r Fancy Navels. SI 35ffl S5:
choice do, $1 15{ll 50; standard. ?5cfl$l 20; Seed
lings,- Kftci{i'$l 05; Lemons. $1 OS'S 1 £¦<».- Seven or
eight cars are announced for to-morrow"s auc
tion. ' . -,'« \
Deciduous and^ Citrus Fruits.
Storage— California fancy — -; standard. •'2— -;
Eastern fancy, ; etandard,^— -; seconds.
Egrgs declined Ic on the exchange, and wera
quoted weak at the decline."
Cheese and Butter were also weak, and re
ceipts of the latter were large. Stocks of all
three descriptions are accumulating, outukie
orders being Insignificant and the local de
mand being Insufficient to consume the re
ceipts. ¦ ;
Kecelpts as report ed by th<\ -Dalr» .Ex
change were FI.7C0 pound* of Butter. 2412 cases
Eggs and 9900 pounds CaMfomia Cheese and
— pounds Eastern Cheese. • ¦ - ;
BUTTER— I '.-JtJ
Creamery— Extras, 13c; firstSj, ltc;.;»»condi.
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts, 14c;- seconds, 12c;
store, Uc. '.m.'-.i.^v.- f*
Storage— Creamery extras. :-rr*i . flrsta. ¦ — ;
seconds, ; dairy extras, '— r-iV',-. • ¦¦'
-Pickle, per pound., >,''. V^C'-" • "
Keg. per pound. y. •/*.,]/. > ;
CHEESE— Fancy, tnl>..creanr^..IOe:-. choice,
9c ; common, nominat; c Toting" i" Americas, ', 10c ;
Eastern, full cream, 15®16He;per,lb.'/* --,.*. *'
EGGS— '• V2 -..¦ ¦ ¦•'
California Ranch— Selected -white. 13c^ mixed
color?. 12c per dozen. *«*•¦(>¥•••- ¦*
California G?thered-Selepted,;;j2c; itandard,
; seconds, — -• *-f^-;-i- f **f~ ¦•-. „ .•
Fresh Eastern— FancyJr — -: ; «Un4axaV!~-^
seconds, . - ' '£•':+":¦ ¦*'•-. v~ '- '
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Tito cars of Eastern- Poultry have come in t
since last report, making five for the week.
The market rules firm for young stock. Dressed
Turkeys are neglected, being- soft and grassy. .
Game still arrives sour and tainted, and of
the 103 ska that came in very little tvas sound, j
Off stock Trent below the quotations, and some I
Mallard*. Canvaaback an-3 Spris sold down |
to II.
PuULTRY— Live Turkeys, l?«13c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens: Dre^ed Turkeys,
to^'i.'w?: Geese, per pair. $1 adffZ; Goslinjts, j
%2 50®^ 75: Ducks. *4@5 for old and $6@7 50 for ]
young: Hens. JS5J6: Young Hoosters. $*<9 [
6 50; old Koosters, $1-54 iO; Fr>-ers. $3 5CS5;
Broilers. $5@5 SO for large and }¦', 5OQ4 go for
email; Pieeon?. SI 2591 50 per dozen for old
and $2 2S@2 73' for Squab*.
GAME— Quail. T^o-gSl 23: Mallard. $2 501? 4;
Canvashack. 83<&S: Sprig. $1 50<32 30:-Teal. $lfl2:
W'ldgreon, $1«2; Small Duck. 75c© } I 25; Black
Jack. Sligl 25: Oray Geese. $2 50f 3 W>; White 1
Geese. $1@1 30; Brant. $1 50 for small and $2
for larse; Honkers. tZ&i 50: Ensrllsh Snipe.
$2 50; Jack Snipe. Jlfil 50: Hat*. 75c*ttl: Rab
bits, ~5c(3Sl 25 for Cottontail and 7-c for Brush;
Pigeons, (1 per dozen. ¦ ' •
lSH1?20c: Cabbage, fl: Tommtoes. Los Angreles.
75o@ Jl 75 per crate; from Mexico. 75c©J2 per
crate; Egg* Plant, Los Acfreles. 20c per lb:
Green Pepper*. Los Angeles. 15c per lb for
Chile and 20o for Bell; Dried Peppers. 10©lSc;
Dry Okra. 25c per lb: Carrots. 25<8S5c per
Back; Hothouse Cucumbers. II 25©1 50 per
dozen; Summer Squash. $1 50$ 2 25 per box;
Garlic, S£JHe per lb: Marrowfat Squash. |3?
per ton; Mushrooms. la@25c per lb .
Poultry and Game.
-!f<o?- : ts-V>mine copper in the i^.ke fiu
perlor district «1 71 per \qn. •iriproxlmat'*
iv. That is the of a statement
.•r« : fnrj«-!Iy.' -rpaclo . to stockholder*. ba*<d
tipoti or^ratlons for th? year 1M>. The
• flKijr.es ¦¦"«.!"*» in <'a!iforni",
tvfter? .4 tie ¦ mtnlns industry prom
l-MS.'to?ake /-n much greater T'!"°P fi rtion?
i})f.n_ithss hitherto assumed. If the- rock
f-!iris'"l?j prr i-ent insrot. which Is the buniK
rpf:-. -ppftsent calculations. ihe managcTK
' J/pon back a prolit of J2 K(
3inr'..>:<>ii.-'.baFfv1 upon a rale ol" V> cents por
¦i^.quml.'for'foppf'r la the market.
.'.The Mariposa mill at Mariposa has had
th> first clean-'.rp in ihirty-fiv^ years, and
th»- r*'^ult-; it is-, imported; was f 16 «xh.
•Th*»;di?<-h inst carrif-s water to th<? Yo
'f«nlr« gold minr* for hydraulrckins:. near
Jfan>!lton" t bas'twen broken in four places
In. lf-.»i=- then live mll^s. On? piece of Rume
&;+ fefl Ions an'i fifty feet high was car-
XU'*i away-'f-ntirely by v.ater.
'MArsir.g: operation* 1 at Darwin. Inyo
Co\X1ty. -Ha.d to be suspended on account
of the' snow.
• Mr. hf&j^h has already ohtaln<-d f.^ures of
their output from many Kold «ind «i!ver mines
of the oounty. but to expedite the. work he
wrote Pi-iMr.after Re>nolds. who has placed
>tbi rrattrr In the hands of A. G. Bopgs. Mr
Pofrirg e'efire* evrry nilneowner to call on him
¦sir write him, fisln* the flwirs desirfd. Th«
entire l»rocedure will t>e fcttend<?"1 with !«^-recy.
ii'-the Mint official icrirrr the fieuroi only for
*h> eske of the t-ounty totalp. Th° fuiler Jhe
*«»t-um» made the Jvtter ftandine Hlianta County
'¦wUl liave among: the countirs of the State. ¦
Th* T"nit»<l States M1r.t at San Francisco hue
tin l ier?ak»'r» f> aMrrrtaln am accurately a^ pos
e:W-> the a<-tuaj amount or gold and stiver j,ro
<"uee<l r >- this mines of Fha^ta County during
The year DM. The cn!!«>r:icn of data, and com
putation of trtalg has Wri placed in the hands
of Frar.k A. Leach. It i* <le«ir«»d to ancertaln
the rr'>ductir>n of each mine In the county.
no mai»er how KmaJI. T*his information in htid
ehsolutf'.y <-'r.fidential and th» Information t.i
vised in rnaklrig the totals which alone are to
he published.
Th<> Tuolumne Independent says that
tMrty-fivo m«-n are employed at the Ri>
publican mine. The mill at the Longfel
low m.'ne has shut down on account of an
eccidfr.t. The AnElo-Saxon Gold Mining
Company is evening up the old Ldeux
"PropTty.
The pf-opl" of Shasta County have taken
step? to have the mines of that count v
rated. The P.eddirg Fre<» Press c ayS : *
v -"ThV. rnir.inc opr ration? in this State are
*ti*r; hrJtii irterTcred with by snow and
bk4~-roa.dk. The- Sonora Democrat reports
¦iy.i.t tl»e Mount J^fTfTson mine has been
Compelled to suspend temporarily because
<"'f a !ack of wood. The roads were so bad
it could r.ot be haulf-d. The Rhode
Jslsnd .raln» has solved the water problem
by adding a lwo-eallon tank on the 400
foot U-vel. An oil company has been or
gar.izpd smong th» minors of Tuolumne
County to operate in Kern County.
l^telisompleted returns for Montana's
m'in^'c.rrl output for the yoar 1JW) have been
ri-cri'\??ii. ¦ The total output was J6S.457.-
Spr^j-oT-.^rhlch copper represented a value
of '$}>'• 'Ai '* >5 74. The silver output was
U^sM^fyy-x With a!l this the Western
: c•:^^^'r]'1. published at Butte. com-
V^Tn<';itisr ho SiaTe i« held back by the
-jrr : fv;a"HiiVz i - policy of the mining rvimpanies
¦pr;'» -¦jo-iy ;i'sv- ajiv lan^s in the copper belt.
-tt^*ay£:. .-V.- :
•tj^Jtjr |» f\m[m «k^> « man with ¦ i>"" »¦« g-ivm
»."l«aF'r: .»>0;"<f late, at lcast^ior the p&st two
;c.afi-.: : fv?r.y. -nr.» of the <-'>nipan1'»s has ahan
'r>- a- : r./'&_">i;.r : this much. A* these larce com
f#r!^»:";'cs'ii '-''' uOUUol about nin^-fnths'of all
rhlrjej'Ai;!a.bl>"."r proJ5table mining ground of the
I*^.t-i'.d : ,>T 1 --;.''t. it-<an I* r«-8<iily »fn that th«
Vj«i'^:*-7.B-./;;f : . .* - or%ing ]rasp.« is a bark number.
S'- .-.;;. i<;>h'ari -i<<> ciaimp ar» controlled by one
>'- : ;'.f-!vV. -.-phi only ab<>ut on^-tenth are being
. tT.here./is • trouble amor.g the Colorado
mine'"oVncrs' hecau^<? of a bill before the
•Platf' ivPfrJJFlature that would raise tho as-
KjBOSrnts-on mines for taxation three
i*~,&. Th*» old law provides that nil** ' ~}~
znlr.es FhaJl be taxed upon one-nfih "•«
f^cj? output. The- new law cont'.-n". -s
iaxa.tion'.upon the entire pross output, jut
1t ; hap b.een amended until it now pro
ipf&ee fnr .RSFe^sirisr on th«» basis of three--
I"frh's . cf'ttio gross output. Non-shipping
thine? will br- assessed the same as any
c;* htrl land, that is. at its full value. Under
i-tid terms of the bill f>nc mine, the Port
'ari*.'wr.vld have to pay $3*W.OO0 taxes an
iT!isti!-.-. jflip «."olorado mine owners have
gfcrjn&d'an t.rganization to oppose the bill.
. A"n tntejT«stlni? report coarerr.ing four
/j^ic'kii'.ver .tnlnes of the State Is furnished
by B. M. Newccmb, general superlntend
ert of the sarae. Accerfllng to this the
.co*t qf toining- varied from $2 72 to $3 35
t>er-. t6n and. the rort of reduction -was
trora 63 cents to. Jl 04. ; Th« mines In ques
tion aje this. Napa Consolidated Quick
fc«.!ver "Compiny's in Xapa County, the
Aetna ConfH fid-atea mine In Napa County.
the J3e>Fion Qulr.kSilyer. Mining Company's
In Napa County and the New Idria mine
In San BerJto _'¦ County. The total cash
disbursements In the four mines was
1413,4m S4. The number of tons of ore
mired was 70/C5 and 11,301 flasks eft qulck
. silver were rroduced. The Boston mine
t;ajs been opened up and ©quipped with u
hrr^vn. plant and a new sixty-ton fur
r.ece has been completed.
F*na.toT Jackson of Waehoe has lntro
tuced a bill into the Nevada Legislature
lor t£« appointment of & State mining In
spector* whose qualifications must Include
i residence In Nevada with practical mln
tr.« experience for five years and practical
knowledge of the best methods of Trork
ir.g. ventilating and timbering mines.
5"here tvill be a deputy Inspector for each
Clstrlct in the State. The Inspector will
have the power, if the bill. passes, to de
mand changes whenever he finds that a
mine is unsafe or that It threatens the
health of the miners. He will have the
power to Bhut down a mine until it is
fnade eafe. Despite all the qualifications
h^ must possess, the bill provides that he
fhall receive the majrnlnVent ealary of
1180) per nr.num and-mileago not to ex
ceed $500 j>er annum.
There is considerable stir in Northern
California in the copper belt. The rfea.1 in
tihlch the Mountain Copper Company and
the Balaklava property are concerned is
reported to be under way. Some credibil
ity is given to the story by the alterations
ar.d additions making or planned at the
b'.g; smelting: iMaiit at Keswiek. which are
takrn to Indicate tbnt the company ex
pects to handle more than the output of
the Iron M«cntain mine. The calcining
of ore at Bully Hill for the De la Max
Fme-lter?. t""> reporu Mineral Wealth.
hMbeenin-prPcr**" tor some weeks. The
det»» foT'l'ne Wowinp in of the smelters
hf>= not:b'p!' tix^d. but this work will
prpbabHr- Tak*« plate early in March. A
pe r\" y-v.ad ha.- boon oor.structod into the
ferushj.'I-'Canyon district, where the De la
Mat^C^ctaipany ha? secured several claims
frCXn>£*Tl D. N. Blowers and his asso
eiair.< Th" Mammoth proup of mines on
B;. riibone Oreek will probably be bonded
to Boston capitalists. The Trinity Cop
per O>mpany is having surveys made for
the piirpoM 1 of locating smelters.
The Dixie cop;«=r mines in Southern
i':a-h have been sold to the Binpham and
Iia>V?-n Minir.p company of New Haven.
Oif;bw for C00.<tW. nf which sum $25,000
*-a?"-iviM in cash. The holdings embrace
¦ r.f (-round and a thirty-ton smel
' tr;if;i: The ba!anf(> of th^ purchase price
• Tr'.^t::bi".pai'1 within four months.
ing Quicksilver— Facts of Inter
. '. est i*rom . Various
••"¦:'.:..- -Counties.
Deal Is, Reported Probabli
and Extensions Are
{£§ Projectftd.
Espcrt Ctmeerning Cost of Produc-
STIR IN COPPER
MINES IN NORTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 24, lUOl.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
-PETITIONS IX INSOLVENCY.— Petition*
la Insohfnoy were filed In the United States
riftrlct Court resterdty as follows: George
V?. Huhner. farmer. Stockton, HabiHtle* JU22;
a.-^¦•«. none. George A. Pierce, liabllltlee Uii W;
Cis'ar-lilakers' Union Protssts.
¦fJLt'tbe rfgu'.nr s<,rr.i-monlhly mretinj:: of
tfc<»-.t-iisar-makers' UciOS he'd last Tu?s
da>- nrpht a reioiotton ¦wap . paps^d de
ttaiixtcijxg- .-til ondfiriakem who patronize
the ilffctrlc "~ ftram cars to th» dt'tri
rrrr nt'cT ; tbe Hackmf-n's Union, and plcdg
ihR ttle uniftn nnt io patronize Kuch un
ng^akCTB^ The union wjis viritod by a
commlttea from ihf Woman's Union I^a
rrr-l L< agur> j;nd Mis. Pierce iind others of
Tfjo" commit t<t» :iddr<"^sed the union on the
filvftabfltty of housewives purchasing un-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
P K Wells. S Jose I
J PrltchapJ. Cai
H J Thomas. Cal
J Roberts. Oakland
J W Farlad. U S N
C I^ockhen, Oakland
i Spencer, Chicago
MIm Grey. St Louis
A G Clark, Dtnv#r |
tlecaj; J'auc«ti,Farisl
G barren. Stockton
J Mulery, Cal
J Remtlar & w, Cal
C Mason, St r.oula
J Qulnn. Denver
XV Bedding. Mont
R Houghton, Seattle
H Woodirorth. Cal
R' Thomas, Seattle
A S Frank, Chicago
O Eulow, Mexico
J Berry. Fresno
J R Weeks L, Ang
G Churchill. Milwke
W Daub Bakersfleld
Misn V Peters. Colo
A M Reed. OrovllI*
J Selkirk & w. L)etroit
<". Kenlston, Stockton
P E Anzar. S Juan
J Adair, ABtorJa
II Greenleaf, Hoston
<) T Carrier, u An* !
IT Mallooh. M»r>-»vllle|
K S Sane. «"hlca«co ,
J Rufh & w, R VUta
R K rorrifhn. Chlugu
O E He. U.8.N ,
W <J Kioto. «"al
C Hay ward, R«-dwood
C Turcotte. N Dak
Ml** M Burnett. Xap%'
Mies E Kurr.ett Napa I
P S Roper. R Juan
Mrs K Oaspx-r. Vallejo
Mi«j Caaper. \aiiejo i
Mrs HosonberR. Cal
\V Price. Pasadena
W MrNuity, Fresno
A F BwltS. Denver
O R Elliott, Portland
F J Harold, X T
H C Rom A w. Sacto
H A Bell, Sacto
G Con way. Saeto
L Kroner, Brentwood
8 J Scott. Vlulla
R R Dyer, £ Jose
Miss I..ucheinirer. V»ljo
MIm Martin. Vallejo
Mi*s Oedge. Vallejo
J Luchslnger. Vallejo
U Hohn & w. Cleveld
F K Bradman. Cal
C It Heath. Vallejo
C M Blackman, X T
L Benjamin & w, Seat
F Ernmell Jr. N V
Mrs Htnrey, HolHster
Mi»« Avery. Holllster
y noardman. Sacto
C n Sodd & w, Sacto
«l Peltier & w, Sacto
J Martin &. vr, Sacto
A ('aid well & w. Sac
A Mu^nter A w. Sacto
-dlss Thomas, Sacto
Miss Qlorer, Sacto
E Pmbody. Orovllle
II Granger. Columbia
•T I.alrd & w. i?acto
i»r Hammond & w Cal
PALACE HOTEI*
n J Jark.«on. Omaha
T W Hlne. Eureka
I. Johnson, <*al
J II TrMdKfll, Oaklad
.1 S.iliser. I/O* Ante
W It Hamilton,, Stanfd
W K Dermont. ArU
Un \' K Uruele. Mich
J S Child?. Cal
H K $-'f*jilon ic W. N Y
S B fctanton, N Y
«' \V Stoue A w. Cal
F> McRae. I'crtlaiid
J A Foshtr. lyw Ans
Mm H M Ronroe. Cal
• ' J Tito?;. Mt View
M <J <-hild», Cal
.T M Hoff, fc't Helena
J Overt-in & w. S Kosa
W V Moore, Duluth
M:** W V Falling. Or
XV <i Oosslln. Portland
C W W heeler. Etneka,
A C Journans. Buffalo
K J Smith, Ctnn
W Martin, Ca!
F G Uickerscn. X Y
A n Thomas. N Y
M J Porter, Denver
S Kobenrtern. Chlcaso
J H Head, Sacto
W H Duncan. Chicago
I H Head. Boston
E T BiiJer. Boston
I A E \\ e*l & w . «'hi r ,-
D OMerriiS * w" m
A'W nockiin & w NT
'r r?J" XhnTy - C*>
In u^" ter8 - WtUkS
'.' £ Harturi. Mich
!'\. B*«en«. Byron Spgs
| W l> Tanborn <^al
2 l Vi!so11 . Oakland
B A Sutler. Chicago
ill nrni<\ Cln
££££ c G =¦«».
C B Bhaver. Fresno
!.I M I>szynsky. N Y
¦ O Silverb«rg. Raltlmor
IE Durand. Chicago
|W H Parlin. Sen' tie
H n Roberts. Ke«wick
!<5 Khrenberg, X Y
F W nullock, I'nicago
A Fleishman, Los Ang
U Parsons & w. Colo
Mr« W Henderson Pa
.1 Phillips, Pa
IF W Marshal! & w.Cal
|E M Moore, X Y
|H Con*tine, N J
|D L Barker, Cal
I Mrs J C Ryan, Chicag
HOTEL ABRIVAInS.
GRAND HOTEL
31
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
STATIONS.
| ijusi rnis
jTl Hours Season.
Season
t:ureka
Re-1 Bluff
••¦fccramento
Kan Francisco —
Pi esno
Irdependence ....
fan L.ul» Oblppo.
Ijob Angeles
S*n Diego
I ( !
.!<! 3S.13
.74 12.71
.«$ IS. 10
1.95 18. 04
.06 9.94
,. Trace 5.4*5
. Trace 17. C4
13.61
. .... 8.53
S9.37
1S.W
13.87
15.11
6.21
2.14
12.6$
4.S7
2.65
STATIONS.
| ijusi rnis
jTl Hours Season.
Season
t:ureka
Re-1 Bluff
••¦fccramento
Kan Francisco —
Pi esno
Irdependence ....
fan L.ul» Oblppo.
Ijob Angeles
S*n Diego
I ( !
.!<! 3S.13
.74 12.71
.«$ IS. 10
1.95 18. 04
.06 9.94
,. Trace 5.4*5
. Trace 17. C4
13.61
. .... 8.53
S9.37
1S.W
13.87
15.11
6.21
2.14
12.6$
4.S7
2.65CORONER'S JURY VERDICT.— A Coroners
T^^ 1 " the case of Edward Sproat. who was
killed In an accldert at the Unlcn Iron Works
on February 20. returned a verdict yesterday
that Sproat cam* to hla death through in
juries caused by hl» own carelessness Jn hand
llnK large metal plates. In the case of Mary
Ann Sevey the verdlrt was that she came to
her death through a criminal operation by
some party unknown.
MRS. JOSEPH BECK of Dawson
City. N. \y. T.. is registered at
the Golden' West Hotel. A few
years ago Mrs. Beck was ,a
dressmaker In this city. Now
fhe has wealth running into the millions,
jn the fall of 1SS7 Mrs. Beck, then Mrs.
XoTfcU, a widow, left San Francisco to
i^ : ek fortune in. the frozen gold fields of
the far north. Her friends all told her
t!vat she was a thorough business woman,
:,nd that she was bound to make a sue
cf ss of her venture.
On arriving at Dawson City Mrs.
Nowell decided to earn a living as either
b. dressmaker or milliner, but Joseph
Keck, a mining man. was in quest of a
bookkeeper and she secured the position.
She paid such dose attention to business
that her employer decided that he had
found .a woman who would make not only
a loving wife but a splendid partner. They
« ame down from Nome in the fall of 1898
and were married in this city. With good
luck and judicious investments in mines
ilr. Beck to-day ie looked upon as one of
ih« richest of Dawson'E citizens. He
«rlginally owned the Old Dominion claim,
which 'he sold at an enormous price. At
present Mr. and Mrs. Beck own claim
No. 11 on Gold Run. The latter claim has
not been worked, but they have been
offered SM.OOO for the short strip cf land.
Mrs. Be-ck paid yesterday that she leaves
<o-morrow for Dawson to see her hus-
ISnVt* h< ; r , a 2 n ' -Walter S. Novell. She \
EiLi* 1^ eX^ hs & t' White Horse and !
to *. tile metropolis of the frozen
"°"5'* distance of over 400 miles, in the
severest season of the year.
«.nt . ex P e «s great things from the pres
ent mine .that she and her husband own.
Jhe next claim to It worked *40.C>00 In four
days last season.
With her sudden affluence Mrs. Beck
has her every wish gratified.. Her present
trip down from Dawson was to buy a
country place for her husband and her
seir, who intend selling: out in about two
ars o* and a £ aln Scorning residents of
this State. Recently Mrs. Beck bought
Ri la^ e k^ 1 5f, i and - 7m acres - at R«d
Bluff, which will be conducted as a Btock
r t ns^* a . lar ee number of cattle having
already been bought. On the return off
the Becks to California they will occupy j
a palatial residence that is at present in
course of construction at Red Bluff
Mrs. Beck has over S2000 worth of gold
nuggets made into necklaces and brace
lets as souvenirs f\cm the Old Dominion
claim. 1
MRS. JOSEPH BECK. WHO WENT TO THE KLONDIKE A FEW TEARS
AGO POOR BUT ENERGETIC AND MARRIED A VERY WEALTHY
MINING MAN.
H. H. Peterson. Fisheriuans Bay. So
noma County, vice L. C. Stengel, resigned.
Oregron— Edward S. Sims. Garrison.
Linn County, vice R. S. Bradley, re
signed; V. C. Bell. Tallman. Linn County,
vice J. W. Bell, deceased.
Pensions issued: California— Original:
Granvllle "W. Rayburn. San Jose. S3;
Henry Backman. L03 Angeles. $S. In-
crease— Charles H. Axtell, Los Angeles,
110: John K. Taylor. Riverside, $11
Original widows— FIsther E. Brown, San
ta Monica. $S; Kliza C. Shaw, Ven
tura. JS.
Oregon— Original: Clinton C. Mor
gan, "Williams. ?S. Mexican "War Sur
vivors—Increase: James H. Coventon.
The Dalles. J16.
ONE FIGHT GIVES
PLACE TO ANOTHER
Millmen's Strike Settled but
the Teamsters Are Now .
* in Trouble.
Special in the Shoe Line.
The shoe trust pale,'-. 717 Market: 'street!
will offer to-morrow 1000 pairs of ladles'.
I shoes and ties, worth. between J2 and $3,
I for 75 cents a pair. These shoes are sty
t Hsh, up-to-date. They are placed on the
table and you can pick from them. This
sale v will ; not start until ¦ 9 > o'clock: .' No
preference will be shown at the shoe trust
sale^ of „ the , Bee Hive Shoe Company. 717-
Market; street, near Third.-* ¦:,'< , • ;,
' : - • • ' ' •¦¦¦¦• •' ¦....'. -
House Committee Reports on Bill to
Prevent Monopoly of Mineral
Lands.
WASHINGTON, ; Feb. 23.— The House
Committee on Mines a,nd Mining to-day
reported favorably Senator. Stewart's' bill
to . prevent a' monopoly, of mineral
lands. The bill relates especiallyto the
legal status of mining claims upon lands
supposed to contain oil beneath their
surface: Action on the bill at this ses
sion Is not orobable. .
- Postofflce established: .,- Washington —
Twe.na. Mason County, Lemuel W Park
hurst," postmaster..^ Postmaster commls
• sioned : ; Calif ornia— John - E. • Hoyle, Tav*
lor. ; Washington — Louis Poole. 1 Port Lud
low; Mary. J. .Wright, Douglas. <
PostnfaSt^s**toTO^fIs^Icln^in i^^MWnila^"
i '¦ ' ¦-, . -.-¦ ,-,¦¦: '¦¦:¦: ' ¦>•¦¦¦¦'
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Frauen Verein Grand Ball.
The grand ball given by tne San Fran
cisco Frauen Verein at Saratoga Hall was
a very ; successful - affair. A largo , crowd
was .in ¦ attendance and every dance -was
enjoyed. Phe following: members of the
verein were in charge: -Mrs. L. Gall.* pres-
It n nV comm 'ttee of , arrangements— Mrs.
H. Micsner, Mrs. A. Brandt, Mrs. A. M.
llorstrnann; floor manager, L.,Detyen;
assistant floor manager."- William Frahm ;
floor committee— George H. Miesner. ,W.
Lapnard, A.^MulIer. Georpe Suhr; recep
tion - cpmmlttce-Mrs. C. Glock, Mrs. E.
Hoge. Mrs. R. Rommel.
Stationary Engineers Entertain.
The annual entertainment arid ball of
San Francisco Branch No. 1 of the Na
tional Association of Stationary Kngi
neera was given- last night at Saratoga
Hall. As a prelude to the evening's en
tertainment a short and Interesting pro
gramme was presented. The participaiats
were Miss- Elsie Andresen. Miss Ruth
Bockins little^Alice Eaton Lorenco. and
S--£ !e £, tneivM - Keanj. E. J. Toepfer ana
E. H. Thomas. Dancing followed the ex
ercises. The committee In charge consist
issfffeS; M - Joncs ' b - e - ¦¦¦ g «*«*-
During the past week tho long stand
ing differences between the mill owners
and mill workers have been amicably ad-
Justed and an agreement reached, which.
It Is hoped, will prevent any recurrence of
the trouble. But while, the millmen's
strike is over the teamsters are at outs
with their employers over the question ot
wages, hours and the boarding camps, and
unless the quarrel is patched up there is
liable to be a big tie-up of business, espe
cially In the building and mercantile lines.
In this city. ,
A fight is also on between Schussler
Bros, and the-' picture frame workers
lately employed at their place of business.
At the meeting of the Labor Council on
Friday night that body declared Its in
tention of levying a boycott against the
firm unless it recedes from its stand in
lecking out union hands.
I The barbers, having succeeded in gain-
Ing State legislative recognition, are mak
ing great plans for the future. Governor
Gage has conditionally promised to . ap
point J. J. Callsh and A. E. Wray of this
city as two of the Board of Examiners
and assured the union that San Fran
cisco shall be the headquarters of; the.
board.
The Hackmen's Union desires to correct
a mistake that has been published, to the
effect that It would, boycott all under
takers who would send funerals' to ceme
teries on steam or railroad cars. "What
the Hackmen's Union will try to do is to
have the members of the union patronize
hacks in preference to other means of
conveyance at the funeral of a member
or of any of his family.-
A schedule of wages drawn up by the
members, of Milkmen's Union provides
that wages shall be not less than $40 per
month with board, and $60 where no board
is provided. Twelve hours is to constitute
a day's work, and all overtime is to be
paid for at the rate of 40 cents an hour.
A communication was received from
August Iten, secretary of the Milkers'
Union of California, requesting the union
to send delegates to a convention of pro
vision trades, the purpose of which is to
organize a group of trades unions into a
sub-council, the said group being -.those
that depend largely for their success on
showcards, union labels, stamps, etc,,. ,.
It was resolved : to send a full . delega
tion and to assist the project in every
posssible way. R. Grosse, T: Tuite,: Ch.
Cantert and 'A. - R. : Andre were' elected
delegates to the convention, which will
convene? at the office of the -Milkers'
Union. i:2G Montgomery street, on Wednes
day, February 27, at 8 p. m. • ¦ : . : •
, In consequence of the increase of;busl
ness owing to the number of.newunlons
Joining the Labor> Council, SecretaryrEd
Rosenberg has been given an; assistant.
H. Gallagher ¦ has been appointed to the'
offlce, at a salary of $20 a week. . . ¦
At a meeting - of the Laundry Workers
MAY BUCKLEY GOES
BACK. TO NEW YORK
She Plays Star Part in "The Price of
Peace,". Litt's N"ew
The theater-goers ot San Francisco will
regret to learn that they will miss the
pleasure of seeing Miss May Buckley, the
clever young actress who recently arrived
in this city from Nevr York to play a short
engagement at the Alcazar.
At the close of Miss Buckley's' season
with Manager Jacob Lltt in New York he
kindly gave his consent for her to appear
at the Alcazar. It was arranged that
Miss Buckley should appear here in some
of her great successes, including "The
First Born" and "Hearts Are Trumps."
She arrived here the early part of the
week and was rehearsing with the com
pany for her appearance. Yesterday
Manager . Utt wired Miss Buckley that
she must return to New York at once and
rehearse for the star part In "The Price
of Peace." ,
Miss Buckley said, last evening that
though she was pleased that . Manager
Lltt had selected her for the star role she
was sorry that she had to return so soon
to New York. Miss Buckley has a host
of friends in this city and she had planned
to renew all old acquaintances. She said
that she would conn?, out at the close of
her present season and then try to ful
fill her broken engagement.
last night 247 new members Joined the
unlfln. Addresses were made by many of
the delegates present. The charter of
this union will closo on March 2. and at
the meeting to be held on March 4 the
roll will be closed. The union is strong
and determined to carry out the principles
of the organization. Headquarters have
been established ,ln room 927, Emma
Spreckels building.
Sjwc'.al Dispatch to Th« Call.
EL PASO. Tex., Feb. 23.— A tremendous
social sensation has been raging In the
city of Chihuahua, Mexico, by reason of
the kidnaping there of a remarkably
beautiful young actress only 15 years of
age, who. had been filling an engagement
as leading lady with the "Companla In
fantil," a high class performance. The
girl. Columba Quintana, though young in
years was weil developed and possessed
of all the charms of a typical Spanish
maiden. The young men of the town were
enraptured and she played to crowded
houses.
A dispatch received from Chihuahua to
ony states that the girl mysterious
ly disappeared last Monday and all ef
forts to locrte her proved "utterly futile'
until yesterday, when It was discovered
tr.at she had been, kidnaped by a noto
rious divekeeper and was being held a
close prisoner at a house In an unfre
quented neighborhood in -the outskirts of
the city. Juana Taola, a notorious wo
man procuress, who has deliberately
sought the downfall of many Chihuahua
maidens and has succeeded In more than
one Instance, was llrst suspected by the
police of kidnaping Senorita Columba
Quintana. ahd when accused boldly ad
mitted that she knew the whereabouts of
the etrl, but refused to disclose it to the
authorities.
The procuress was arrested and after
twenty-four hours in jail agreed to direct
the oitlcers to the ; house where the girl
v:as being 'held a prisorjer on the. condi
tion that they would liberate her. This
they agreed to do because of the pressure
brought to bear by the friends of the
missing actress, who were extremely anx
ious to .rescue her before serious harm
had befallen her. The girl was finally lo
cated and rescued. She> was almost pros
t'.ated with fear when found, but had not
been harmed. ¦ Jt was evidently the In
tention of JuanaTapia to hold the girl
until the opera company had .left the state
and the affair had blown over.
Held Captivo in an Unfrer
r ; quented Part of City of
Chihuahua.
PRETTY SPANISH
GIRL KIDNAPED
TETB SAN fRAyCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1901.
FORMER DRESSMAKER
A RICH MAN'S WIFE
32
Hale'a.
Halo's.
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
Si^WIJN Li,' iv Ul
Jt ' variety. of the very NEW- t^^w^^^^t'-
y:..j L.ST CREATIONS in ' f^m^K-J}]' >«3^'
rv FOREIGN and HOME *M^W*P^
A\ PRODUCTIONS of *§m&y-09
f TAILORED SUITS, jK^f
AUTO BOX GOATS, J$$jL
a CAPES and SKIRTS.
I \ h Fxelusiva Styles,
LJkAj<y Jupsrior Fit anil Finish, '
U. \ Txlremaly Low Prices. r^**^~^
SPECIAL OFFERINGS
FOR TH E E.AST4 DAYS OF FEBRUARY.
$1O.OO.
BROWN AND TAN BLOUSE SUITS, latest spring stvles. stitched
velvet military collar and sl»eyes. The jacket is lined with taffeta silk,
the ski t with silk finished twilled linin*?. newest cut and hamlsome.v
trimmed • v. SPECIAL 91O.OO
$7.5O.
BLACK VENETIAN ETON SUITS, made in the -newest sorine^tyte.
perfect fitting; thev are worth considerably more. SPECIAL v* •**'>
Ca^CI5 {"*}* — "*
GRAY CAMEL'S HAIR ETON SUITS, jackets with black peau de
y soie reveres. v stylish, durable and less than its value
....;.:. .SPECIAL $»•<>•>
-^^Sm^^^~ Embroidery Success V l)^S^i
/^^^Wl^^ y^\ As achieved by Hale's is of far-peaching importance. %r^^^^M^K/
**l^^yfcl >JL > /^'^ ' , morrow marks another embroidery era with us — and you. With dodged earnestness our embroidery cao- Vi _»_»" ¦"fiV"^' J \
( . / t^n has at last reached his c:oal. If you preferred certain styles he was determined to find out what they were. If fX ~ ji:^" * J \
) Vr '''<*&&&£ the re were finer patterns made than came to this country he was determined to bring them. If exclusive things were c£3#*rt~££r' » 1
/ . : * ' ' : ''bi made he was "determined to jret them. If bigger orders would get lower prices he was determined to have them. - **r^-^"Ofr^*** ' / I
'^-y— — ->. '•'{•Y 'Embroideries common? Not a bit of it, the way they are treated here. If you've been, used to embroidery '&£&*\~~~^r['A - \ /
/ " i^ -^^^l_: •-£?< sameness, to same stiff patterns, year after year, to same coarse, clumsy work, it'll be a big relief to see the abundance **£/£r%\t k V •
• I > ' - - F* \ j< of newness and daintiness we've gathered for this season. _\V. ; w >\ \
ss^j, I ( y a j£'»\ Here's how prices run-^-but you must see them in connection with the jroods to ful!y appreciate them. . -rfZ\'~' S\lJ'\ ' ~~
¦ y \**rf^ I jffifiZ' ) c y*— 7Cambric and nainsook edginR 7j^c yd. — Swiss, cambric or nainsook 12^$c yd Hundreds of patterns 2 to 5 &*.*' -^V/?^w\ &^S \
¦^''iS^vvwW-'r^'v''*/ and insertion 1 to 2 inches wide. embroidery edging, iV 2 . to 1V2 inches wide— embroidery ideas en- £> '" ' j£-'''' " ' -Xfe^^S
A/l 0?ft$terri. \' A /f 6 l A c yd— Embroidery edging and inr • inches wide— insertion 1 to 2-VS tirely new this year. S'iS^rv" y^Yv^^B^H
/rp^ " ""^V^^sVj/ sertion, scores and scores of the inches wide — the ' assortment is ' =i^r f \ -'" % \ I
V\\ \s~\ • ; ?&$'?jW^\ (T, daintiest, freshest patterns, I to .1 broad and rare. 15c yd.— More than .3000 yards at this X^/ \ .^J^J
\f*. ..-. \" ' ' Jtfr) \v\ inches wide. - lOc yd — 1400 yards cambric and nain- pries — selection of patterns is the *
*2^5^Vo-^^rr-^ Qb&s 25e yd — Widths up to 10 inches —^bijf- sook embroidery insertion and edg- i choicest and. fullest we have yet
-""~ gest money's worth we know of. ing. shown— 2 l / 3 to 7 inches wide.
$I.5o=worth Ladies' Hose 95c 10-4 Blea. Sheeting 20c yd. Unusual Bargain Gleanings
And other like bargains in hosiery by the dozen. Costs mope than that at the mill. if Am th^ C\f\ntr L>
Twelve pairs for the price of eight. A clear gain of it's our big buying that makes this little price. The IrOITl. Liie vIOaK KOOttl.
four pairs. Who" wouldn't make that when they can? If "quality is :what. you # would pay in the ordinary xvay 25c Odd pieces and ends of lines can't be hebed in such
., .i -1.1./ m a t. i.i lL ¦, e for— full 2y 2 yards wide. Two cases to go at this price...20c ••..., . . . . T , , m auui
there are three in the family to share them, the outlay for — a big cloak ancl suit business. Tjtterly impossible to know-
any one isn't much, yet each reaps the advantage of all. TheSe COmfortS at $2 75 just how much to get — bound to be left-overs and odds
Simple example of the' Hale system and doctrine^" (Are reaii worth S3 "si * of many sorts. We are righting things now. Your help
Six in our family. The quantities we handle together - _. ,. . . . . . r * rea y W °*! ... '" , h\ is necessary. We pay for it, after this fashion:
• 1 \. j j / 11 *ru • i.u j mi 1 Full double bed size— covered with figured sateen, pure ,;. J v J
scare single-handed folks. The savings thus made will al- white filling— stitched in diamond shape. Dress Skirts " Silk Waists
ways be a matter of wonder and dismay to the trade. That - ~~ . Seduced to -92.S0—W00I chev- Reduced to ?3.oO_Tafret 2S in j
explains why . $7 aU'WOOl DlanKetS $5.8^. iot in black and navy— less plain colors and black—!
; . , , •* .'. T oJ W CJ* than 50 of them, so be tucked front and back— were
Wp mn Cpl! *hi<: TinSIPrv frtf lP55 fh^n Xnv ftnp pTcp White fluffy ones, bound with silk— bordered with pink prompt. $500— all that we have are gc-
We tan Sd* iniSIJOSiery IOI ie?S man any One ClSe. anc l white stripes-30 pairs have been set aside for selling n^^«^ *. > now at $3.50.
. Ladies'. J)5c a Eozen-stocklngs worth 12%c a pair-fast black, seam- at this reduced price $- g; " C *-LlCOatS . IoHi<*c' larlr**+^
less, full length, shaped narrow ankles, double heels and toes— elas- - r Reduced to 75c Moreen with I-»cICllCo uawKvtS
BovsT * Z i e ?«S a° Dozen-stocklngTB worth 12^4c a pair, black bicycle Tf-1 2^ 4. o Kl^ I««ia«^ — m. ** n ~A flounce* and ruffle— purple, Reduced to $1.93_Covert3,
ones-ribbed, good weight and elastic, doubly strengthened at the lfllS XcL\j\^ linCn^^Ca Vflffl cerise and helio cton effect— blue and frray—
knees. . .,• ... - \J%J ••¦ »• . jjjg n collair, lined throughout
Ladies'. $2. ',£T> a Doz-?n— stocklnps worth 25c a pair, fleece lined, heavy. (It's an extra value.") CIlllH'^ ReefePQ sizes «2 and ij. on!v— won.
eoft and warm— wide legs with pearl ribbed, elastic tops— sizes 9 v umBl ' VllllUO n^^iCI 5» S1ZeS ana 34 onl >— were
and 914. U1r , 70 inches wide— full bleached and all linen without a Reducsd to ? 2 -°°— Melton with ?3-OO.
Mi ?e S tfb 9 ,a^^^^^ doubt " a heavy quality, worth 6 5 c-will go now.at.... 55c Jarge .sailor collar. -cuffs and Reduced to |S.oO_K er sey 3 .
doubly thick at the knees-sizes 514 to 9VS. . X38c fo^-a 45c ' qualitv—It is an unbleached table dam collar trimmed with tancy tans and browns— stitched
Ladies'. »^.75 a Dozen— regular 25c stocking — Imported ¦ genuine k „ inches wide a snl-nriiri finp fair a,,*V,t v braid. velvet collars — satin lined.
Hermsdorf hose— fine gauge, heavy weight, full fashioned-French asK '° incnes wuie a splendid, hne, lair quality.
feet, long and wide, double soles, heels and toes— elastic— sizes 8 to 10. «? . Opera Capes, Automobiles and Jackets — Kerseys, velours and oth-
— -~ - /*^ 1 _ _ • a 1^ "t[S\/~r ers ' n p' us h with chiffon trimming. All, our finer wraps are on
A t*i~ npnim rpHlirpri-a-Iir VJId^^ Ul \.V^iiwI i?> |(JL« sale now at decided reductions. We can't dwell much on any
/\I L I./CI1 ! Ill 1 CUUtCU a -lIW r; one i ine _ too few of a kind The reductions are something like
And other very important offers from the drapery store. And, other unusuals from the china store. this—
There are 30 part pieces of this art denim that have . The success of our china store depends upon Hfisnioo for ?fo!oo w-aps'
been marked 12/4 and 15c — figured patterns, same on both our keeping lines- complete. So- when a pattern — 9»7.so for s?45.oo wraps,
sides — qualities so much used fof furniture covering, cur- or two disappears the whole line has lost its value - ~°* ' *.*** wraps - And so on
tains and cottage draperies — one price while it lasts nc to us. It is likely you never miss the .patterns that '
Figured Velours GOc— Qualities that have been sellinR for 7.SC and; are gone. We do. Thus these bargains: NPWP<5f" I arflP^' Pil T<5P^ x >Cr'
85c— 27 inches wide— figured— a rich looking fabric -for a cozyl_ f •¦ ft b CVVl31 LfflUIC5 rU!5C5
corner, pillow covering- mantel or piano drapes— blues and c=:; __ Jr^-t • No, they are more than that-^-thev are a combination
greens onlv— the 200 yards won t last long at ooc this Is one of them here. . .V>x-v ¦!/•)) r 1 .i_ 1 j 1 I. 1
More Denim Covers 25c— They were bought to sell for 15c— V Blue. Mush .Bowls 5 c-the usual ... \WYr^Oj\ I Of • pocketDOOK and purse — newly gotten Up and made
inches square — frincred — patterned in two-toned tambour effects — size. from alligator seal or grain leather
choose this week — four colors. " • . . . Fancv- China Suear Bowls ir»c— rmw'i"!/ »
Lace Curtains 91.25— Nottingham?— ecru and white—. $A yards • too, and perfectly dec- Maybe you'd like a finger purse— maybe you'd like to choose!
long — 30 to 54 inches wide — woven with a good, strong, double i-r. a #t T _ , p . . o - _ from the latest patterns — maybe you'd like to save money on j
thread— 5 patterns— all lacy effects— suitable for bedrooms 111 " chum-comes Tin absorted"'dVc- - them— then listen. Our collection starts at 50c and sjoes up step!
or lodging-houses. orations, touched off with gold by step to $3.50 — seal, grain or alligator in tin or brown. i
' / . ~~~7~iZ7Z7 ¦ -:¦_;¦ : " 1|n£S^J China Plates lSc-bread." butter, or Silver of charge-that is, of course, if your purchase
ixjiavir— = t*tr\f>il VfhhnfiC \Tfl • •¦- X^V cake sizes; plain or scalloped edge. amounts to nity cents or more.
llCW- = *-7lI I|JCvl Iv» U U\J\i S, Jf 11 ;¦¦ grold trimmed and 'daintily decorated.
And other interesting notes of new ribbons. V ' ~W/ ' S^$F^iI£&ol^l&S 0 Si& H o \*t\ f ocelli A- M anS/»ff~- a *i/* !>*_' +
We are so particular about getting the prettiest rib- / .s-fiffi ! SSikfa.t Plate. 49c Dozen nairareSSing'iVlaniCUring' Uep t
bons, and getting them first, that we send a ribbon expert Four^Piece h Table Sat 2Oc-pias»- n ' s wee^ we offer you a special line of preparations
right £o headquarters twice a year. Nothing new or ex- x --<~=-* 5^ BSoonhofder f and^utt«1«8h! reaincr ' P ut U P W r * Cosgrove, hair and nail specialist,
elusive escapes his scrutiny. It's ribbon enter- ' whose office is located-in this department.
prises that women like and appreciate. •- j&isj&jF' J§fi&&F s\^ . Hair Tonic .">Oc — It will prevent the hair from falling out
Ya inch checks with a pretty lace stripe effect — tf/i MMl&f &MMJ ftg^ Nail Liquid 2."»i*— For cleansing the nails — it is free
inches wide. MMxtf £JsSR rm Z-'^^C3?~*C*Ty O'T*' r>iC> '^iiW** a<; *^ " from acid5.
At ai)e — .^20 yard; of beautiful pillow ribbons with a shir- "^ w^ v^u^Mj<'JCr^T7J';'* '\Sf- '^lus^ rs;r ?**^^^^ Nail Tint -."»e — Rendering nails shell pink without injur-
rinR cord running through them and shaded in five ' /^ ew «y> .,'¦ • *T7KxMwEX&*< m > . .¦ injr them,
harmonizing tones of a color. Market Street, near Sixth, opposite Golden Gat; Avena;. Nail Enamel 25c— For polishing the nails.
I Friedman's Furniture J
ChiffOnlCrS T>is. one.- A Ktde taller/ wader, and 'a lot more $8.50 1
; room than in most Chiffoniers. ; Har!d\vood ! gofdch' finish. . i^x 14 inch ¦
i plate mirror., and five Mocked drawers." "Regularly worth $13.50. H
The things you want are in the room we want 1
DlVdnS Mahogany Finish; bright Velour upholstered. High, $8.75 B
fancy framed • back, car\'cd and comfortable — for two. .Was J12.50. E
: Parlor CablfiCt A pretty one u> hold iyour '» pretty things. $7.50 1
Mahogany finish, bevel plate fancy shaped mirrors. Has sold at $12,50. If
; Hall RdCk Golden oak, 12 in. mirror. ' Cane and umbrella $3.50 §
holder, 2x5^ ft. Convenient size for small haUs and rooms. .Was $6.50. H
Wth or I Without I
Borders, theseBig Rugs. They're made; up iijgsof^ short lengths of our i
standard "carpets. ; Made jn panels, mitred, square and long and narrow, or @
• most any shape and size. youM ;wai|t, with or without .border. No end to |
color and pattern. Half regular^ pride.* Here are a few of the kinds and sizes H
P 1/plvpt* 6 x *7 feet; 'have sotifor.f12.50: .^now.sVo 26 Q
! . feet; : have soldfor $13:75; ' ¦•; v ••> now -9 ' 6 85 I
¦ RflflV RPIK^PJS o-ioxio-p*feet; sold for 522.00; now SI I OO 1
; UUU J U l^ 3W^'5^x-9:9 feet; sbld for Jii.5c;\now $625 |
i nAUnilOll;! .g-jxrifeet; have sold for 5m.co; ¦• now $|| OO |
1 Tr^nP^ffV sold for $9.00; . now $• 450 i
I lupvoiij 8-2xi 1 feet; Have sold for $18.00; now S^9 OQ I
! . ¦¦•-...¦-..-.•-. •,>•-: • ¦-, ; . r .;i- •*!;,-.% T_TV H
Curtain Sale Continues *i i
I As long as a pair In the broken lines is left. In Battenberg and Arabian ef- ') 1
ffects there are still many patterns but only one and two pair lots. This is ' S
the way prices are cut:— $3.75 to I2.75. $4.00 to Jj.co. $5.50 to •%i'.yi.X H
B $5.00 to $3.50. $6.00 to $4.50. $6.50 to S5.50. $8.50 to $5.50 and" soon. . I
Free delivery Oakland Alaccda Berkeley B
I M. f RIEDMAN & CO^ -^^ I
! , - -\. ' : "(Incorporated) .... H
Hala'a.
Hale'a.
Hale's.