One of the most curious of duels; say*
Tit-Bits,' was the balloon duel In France,
which was fought In 13C3. The combatants
were M. de Grandpre and M. le Pique,
who had quarreled— about a lady, of
course. This lady was one Mile." Tlrevlt.
an actress at the Imperial Opera. On the
appointed day M. de Grandpre entered tha
car of one balloon.- with his second, and
M. le Pique, with his second, mounted
the other in the garden of the Tuileries.
before an Immense crowd of admiring
spectators. "When all was ready the ropes
were cut and the balloons shot upward
for a distance of about half a mile above
th* earth. The wind being light they wers
able to keep the distance of about eighty
yards 'between each other with which
they started. On reaching the agreed alti
tude the signal was given to fire. M. I*
Pique missed, but M." de Grandpre's baU
went through the silk of the other balla*>?w
which immediately ' collapsed. The <*¦** •
descended with frightful velocity and both
M. le Pique and his second were dashe4
to pieces.' The balloon of the victor con
tinued to ascend and M. de Grandpr*
came 'back to earth some league* from
Paris. \ .
Somebody has asked whether a duel hs«
ever been f ousht in' the air.
arguing she was prevailed upon to promise
to consider 1L ¦ 'And ' tha"^ night she slipped;
out of the back door : and ;¦ was gone -with ;
questionable • " ? companions, "NydT '.'¦; course.
Whether .she, r had >: cultivated f . depravity
until it was' a-, habit', that' only: herculean '
efforts" could : break, ' or whether it-. was ln
born;'only a Nordau could dfceide; »but her \
downward? course, was not stayed; for a
day. - :, 'r. "¦ ' - '¦ ', ' ;,, : ' ',-,-", •',./- ,?'¦¦
,' The children ; in Australia wereft.most;
likely jnythicaljoff spring, and Bonny 'was^
not : in j the' least ; likely x to * have 4 so ' sacrl-'
flced"- herself Jaiid ; time. JThe'y wereTprob- >
ably' : fictitious, . manufactured to '- play
oh : the", ' ' sympathy -. of - 1 her : ' father,*,
in Ti which '.capacity > they. ; served v ef
fectually, j for / the loan - was .l^negb-^
tiated and ? Bonny .was the happy posses
sor/bf four^ thousand; dollars in]cash.^wlth ,
which amount she proceeded to San' Fran-"
Cisco, , where " ; money^ could be, spent , to ad-.;
vantage.' Many there will 1 probably re-
' ¦ ¦ - *'i "•¦-- ?•:••'.,•••. ..'-'- "¦¦- ! .' \ '.'¦' -'.-¦¦
member, a rather handsome,' fleshy, woman ¦
who ! boarded at a leading hotel \ and- tipped
the waiters as' they^nad never jbeenUlpped >,
bef ore^with J3 goldfpiefces;^ Bonny . played;?
her^* cards ..well, ("and 'speiit^ her : f our^ thou- ":
sanddollaxs" to* ad vantage; Jbefjbre'a* week;
was out jeve'ry .njaiiiin^:; SaJ^Franclsco who ¦
'.was"' al'.'high . flyer^_'|tn>fewj; her, "and iBonKy';
.wined Vand .'dined "to » her J heart'sTcontent.^
and old 'man Riley^ continued to : pour down
i^thelwhljky.i while. Ws -.daughter/ did Mike- f
wise*J with \ champagne; /\_ '-:. ; . .:y. : -, -~'. * :. ]:^ f .;.
r£ Thejf our " thousand 'was i dwindling, i but ~*
its" lavish display had; served her purpose, .
1 brought her 'into prominence and : enabled '
,the flanwJTo'^ttract another : ".inoth, this"
i time in the shape of a wealthy! young man '
who . was encased vto ; an . estimable rounx ;
lady, which same girl had .the good sense
to throw" overher.gay lover.; »
. He Wnelt'at Bonny's feet, and spent even
more thousands than she. had (papa's
thousands .were a ¦ gpod investment), for
her lover took her to the most fashionable
.watering, places.'. They . veie .constantly
together, new .diamonds flashed on the
Countess" and money ;ran like* water. When
he had finally ruined -himself, spent over,
a hundred' thousand ; dollars "and was out
of cashf and ". credit, I Bonny "was seeking
pasture's new, and ."casting • the light in*
other directions for- new.moths to come
and singe their Swings. . ' * ' : ~\
t Here It -'might : .be : mentioned, that her
discarded lover retrieved some of 'his for
hine?: likewise, his" position ' in society "and
Harried a' New .York ''belle!
; Bonny had laughed at love, had thrown
to the winds the affection of every hu
man ;belng£that-had,wasted, It on her, had
squandered her money* and '"pawned her
Jewels,-;.; and again; she : returned- to the
home of :her childhood. .This '-' time so
hardened ' and '^wicked that . not a i vestige
-of /good '"remained,? yet she still held her
fascination",; -not^ only for men, but for
.women; and-not alone for the wicked, but
the s good, the' kind; the vlrtuo"us. \
'Herfather had little left, and was now
•,%l confirmed 'drunkard; living in his shab
by, home, his last piece of propel-ty. with
lx jttousekeeper.; "=* But his daughter was
merciless. .^ She : was % > without money and
/ without admirers^-that adjunct
to her "happiness— so her father must Ikj
, iacrlflcedj_on ..the V altar -of ; her extrava
rance ; arid^'depravity, "; and "she S^dld not
-,' hesitate In carrying out her scheme. - Sho
5 laid > the plot * to have ; him ; taken . to tha
insane asylum, at Salem and wa's. ready
h to -"execute' lC; when * all j her -"cleverly laid
.plans Jf ere frustrated by\ the !very woman
' who said she. was so fascinating and she
,"was ; so ' fond } of hjer^ that ' she , would any
; day jtake : her, into ¦ ner : home if -'she would
only ¦'"refonn-7<he',saine woman ' } who, when
,' she 'Jwaa , a^^ child," had Turgedi Bonny to be
I go"od ¦•; and^"pray^!. ' She* sotVthe fold " man
> from", the house,- an<T for ;day a i " he was hld
' denJr Bonny's"rrage'.was terrible to behold.
'j; Shei had j played : a ¦ trump^card {and - lost.
i Sh« ijintended r havlnf^hj^^onflnedjln the
asylum and herself appointed as'guard
| lan. < and*'ib« . did not frail ; In finding legal
* scapegraces to assist \ her. '»' "
»;8he stood ,^oh' th«j porch," stamped her
% toot-'f swore i and pranced I wildly vld and
She was conci^ly described as.- "an >at
traetlve girl with reddish brown hair,
hazel eyes rind clear and creamy' skin.
She was tall arid' well proportioned "and 1
had a dash In appearance as well as in hsr
ways and conversation." '. ] ' •."'-=
After her mother's death she was sent
to the convent only later to be -.expelled
as incorrislble. Then St. Helen's Hall -was'
tried with like results, and later, her father '
sent her East to school, from which sbV
was al.se* expelled. 3y this time she* had'
reached 16 years i and had her first 'scan
dal. Reports ¦ would reach her old Port
land fViends. sometimes of her gay esca
pades,-lavish display of jewels and -el*-'
gant costumes; again Bonny would .b?
hard pressed for monev: but most of the.
time she was basking . in . the sunshine of
some rich man's favor, i
Then she entirely dropped' from view,
only. to turn up again as a Countess,' hav-'
ing been abroad a fewyears and added to
her name another, and^with i a prefix.
Bonny did not bring^ the ! Count* with
her to America, nor offer any proof ; of the
Count's existence' other , than' the [claim
to the title and two babies,* which 'she said
were in Australia, awaiting- the';. poor
mamma's return. , Bonny •_ had ..come ,% to
Portland to replenish her Vpocketbook : at
the expense of her father,* who was daily
making the distance between himself and
a drunkard's grave grow beautlf ullj^ less^
Old Mr. Riley '.was 'as, wax In Bonny*8
hands ; 'she urged "on him *the ' necesgltyTof
Immediate funds to permit her to return to
Australia to her darlings, and the upshot
of Bonnes persuasions,' which she did hot
hesitate to use on her father in the ab
sence of a better subject, was that his
. ¦ - • . ' ; ,
last piece of property. 'except one of small
value, was mortgaged ¦ and r $4000 handed
tbyer tcThisgay .and festive daughter, who
i promised .to provide for ]j him. She prob-
I ably, cajoled him by promises of j return-
Ing "more than 'she borrowed later on. and
so beguiled the helpless old man into part
¦ Ing with; nearly all- he had. \
J \ , A" well -known business man Mn Portland
'/. fell under the speli of. her fascinations and
.danced attendance *tb;her,. regardless -of
.-the scandal' created.. One of her ..old
, friend^ happened into an Ice cream, parlor
r as tha two were taking refreshments, and
.despite her "sister's* advice .¦ went "over .to
; Bonny, and spoke; feeling, as she after
¦'... ward '¦¦ said, , that she .would be '• moved \ by
| the sight - and recognition'; <in * spite ' of , her
unsavory reputation) ¦ of ran old friend "of
' her; Innocent days; ;but Bonny /.was , not
made of impressionable material: she was
moved 'only to Irritation" and did nothesi
tate to show It
¦_« She' turned^ with a' stony stare and', with
the coldness of a duchess offered' the tips
; of her fingers. '< \ -;.' '/{. \
•'..*, Her, friends," however, made' one final, ef-'
?, fort. V They sent for her,' argued, reasoned,
£ bagged for' her mother's '. sake,; if not for
her, own, to , turn to : a '. new life! /; Ther^ of-;
fered : her fa" home until., sne "could , secure
-employment,' promised her she' should nipt*
be. snubbed, and that they,, .respectable.
¦/» people,' would go out with ; her , and [try tb-
* r reinstate '* her} ,wlth : those • who's had • not i
stepped ; from the : narrow/! path*. > But} air
i appeals were useless; nothing .was further,
. from her . mind 'than ; seeking employment
1 and reformation, with; attendant, humilia-^
'¦ tlons.' • Finally after much* persuasion and'
though her playmates, would not follow
suit 8nd filch from their mothers they
nevertheless were not. so shocked at Bon
ny but that they would play with her..
She wielded sufficient ' influence among
them to hold her place. One' little girl
of a pious temperament, who was fond of.
her. and even worriei over her shortcom-"
Ings,' tried to induce" her -to go to- Sunday
school and be honest and-mlnd her-moth
er; but Bonny too"k all these admonition*
good-naturedly while not In the least
profiting, or caring to profit, by their
beneficence.
She was brisht and bold' and, like gay ¦
¦ Robin Hood, even those who were shocked
at her sins were not blind to her, attrac
tions. ¦ . „/.-, - V ' - : i
*7& KKW months seo there were ad
/L\ vertlseir.ents In many of the lead-
U \ Ing papers of our large cities for
the heirs of Bonny Riley . for
merly cf Portland. Or., who killed herself
In Paris.
Her history is interesting, not alone be
cause of Its variety *iut as a study of a
"degenerate"; and to rrove the truth of
the old adage "the vafea cf sin is deaxh."
which purport is that It usually comes in
some sudden and terrible form, such as
suicide, accident under some awful cir
cumstance, or assasslnaiicn; and the man
or woman who leads s*n adventuous life
and then dies peacefully In bed. Gurround
ed by friends and reia.tives. is the excep
tion that proves the rale to the contrary.
Benny Riley was not one of these. An lnti
xna-te ecquaintace with one who knew her
well as a child and lived neighbor to her
for years while she was youngr. even then
showing a tendency to throw all thought
of honor to the winds, and who met and
remonstrated with her later, gives me an
opportunity to throw more light, on her
life and character and trace at intervals
her career from chlldifood to the grave.
It. B. Riley was one of the pioneers of
Portland, his family being among the
early settlers of Eusrene. Or. 3 His wife
was a woman of hizh temper, which the
did not make any noticeable effort to
govern.
Both Mr. and Mrs. Rilty were of - north
of Ireland birth. Mr. Riley was In the
¦wood business and made a. comfortable
living for his family, who resided in a
nice home and enjoyed all the comforts
but few of the luxuries of life.
There were three children — Bonny and
two brothers. The father was easy goini;
and Indulgent, none too strict with either
himself or others. The mother was hieh
etrung and Imperious. Bonny must hava
Inherited her mother's qualities, together
•with her father's »elf-ii»dulrent disposi
tion and tendency *.o condone bis own
faults whatever they might be.
When her mother would send her to
the grocery or bakerv or on any errand
to make a purchase she would always ap
propriate to her own use, for candy or
rake, five or ten cents and pretend to her
mother that she had apent it for the pur
chases for which she was sent; and when
remonstrated with by her conscientious
little playmates would laugh at them -and.
say that her mother didn't give her as
much spending money as she should and
so the only way was to help herself,
which Ebe did with considerable san?
f roid. I think Mr. Xordau would call this
an early and conclusive: mark of degen
eracy. But Bonny, even In her chJJdhood,
was not without her attractions: and al-
And now they advertise for her heirs.
But no claimant appears. No father, for
he has long since filled a drunkard's
grave: no children In Australia, and no
kith nor kin the wide world over.
cries of the passersby. and a crowd of
the curious and sympathetic lifting: up
the bruised, crushed form of the once
pretty Bonny — dirt on the face. • tb« red
brown hair matted with dust' and blood,
crushed almost beyond recognition, the
dainty, delicate satin gown besmeared
and sticky, the bones broken and the Ufa
almost extinct. She lingered In delirious
agony nearly four days. The revelers re
turned to their homes. The lover hushed
up Ws affair d'amour. The bride-elect.
In. Ignorance of her flance'a part In th«
tragedy . went sweetly and peacefully to
the altar and promised to "love, honor
and obey." and no visfon of a crushed,
bedraggled, blood-stained woman In a
gown as delicate as her own darkened her
day dreams of a happy married life. Nor
did the man whom she . promised to lov»
attend the funeral where the flowers were
heaped high and many a man, yes, and
some women who had felt the fascination
of Bonnv RUey laid thetr tributes on, h«r
grave. ,V?*
Then a thud from one of the balconies
on the street below two stories down, the
The party was at Us full height—laugh
ter, Kayety, wine; yes. "wine, women and
¦ong."
So they reached the table. .¦ She laughed
and chatted., drank and joked. Ah. Bon
ny was gay! She -was rightly named.
pose. He - was as calm , and determined
to throw over her love as she herself had
been many times before %o another.
" 80 when . they, were ready for the ban
quet, and Bonny smiling beside him. ha
broke the news and told her of his ap
p'roachlngr*marriage. "She started.."recoil
ed, begged in a few words, but to no pur-
-MW»«U ja«rv> \ In the presence of *o many
people she 'would have to control herself
and be calm. Besides, there were several
there who had shown her attention, and
she would naturally turn, through pique,
If hot preference, and accept the inevlta
ble-^simply a change of lovers: It goes
on all the* time "in Paris.' and Bonny was
used to It. It would be nothing new to
her." •
There was a grand dinner and party to
be given, to which they were going. Here,
he thought, was a good place to break the
Then the rest of the story ba told. 8ha
who had found so many men tiresome—
when the money was gone. O. the hu
miliation of it! — had grown tiresome to
the one man she loved! Her dashlnr. bold
beauty had grown wearisome, her cuto
ways had palled, and her fascination was
waning. How to get rid of. her was tha
Question. He had engaged himself to a
rood woman of aristocratic j family.' and
Bonny must be put awavlike any other
vice of his youth. --.I" • • ; *
down, win* from th» ether end of the
block her old friend watched her and felt
the last 'spark of Benny's fascination for
her dim and than die. Bonny suspected
what ' had j been don* and sent word to
that effect, but no reply or satisfaction
was vouchsaf ed her. so Bonny left, to
turn tip a few months later In Paris, tha
admired of all admirers, with her car
riage rolling along the Bols d» Bologna,
a coterie of rich fast young men in at
tendance, and she again bedecked In Jaw
els, laces and velvets.
A grain talked about: again with, a flat*
terlng of moths around the Came, and
man after man singed his heart, bttrnt
his bank notes, and did not even g«t
"thank you" for It. /
At last the flame commenced to con
sume Itself. Bonny really had a heart,
and one of the numerous lovers had
found It. had calmly pierced It deeper
than his own was pierced. ¦. '¦-*.¦ : '.i<
Bonny Riley Her Fate««=P=5HERE Is en 8-year-old boy in San
1 Francisco whose heart is not In the
ii right place. This Is true. alas, of a
good many people older than he—
people whose hearts started out in life
as they should start. Gradually they.
¦were pushed sway from the right place
by the erase for luring money, perhaps,
or by much bitter sorrow, or by contact
with others whose hearts had moved out
of the right place. We are not surprised
when we find this deformity in grown
people, for it is disagreeably frequent.
But to find It la an 6-year-old boy!
Little Willie Weiss' fceart is not in the
right place because It Is on the " right
elde. Paradoxical? Pardon. Seriously/
tten. It is just this way. j
About two years ago Urn, Forian Weiss'
A BOUT two years ago I
-tJ- . made an examination '"'
of Willie Weiss and found
that he had a disease known
as purpura haemorrhagica.'
During the examination I
noticed something more. I
saw tliat iheapex beat zuas
on iJie opposite, of. iionnal
side. His heart is on the
right side.
Upon further examina
tion, testing by percussion, I
found the liver to be on , the
left side.
J. H. HEALY, ZM.D.
of 928 Natoma street took one of her flock
to. the College of Physicians and Surgeon's
to have the wise people there tell what
was the matter with him. Ever since he
was' a tiny fellow . those queer rainbow-
A SAN FRANCISCO BOY WHO HAS HIS HEART ON THE WRONG SIDE
colored spots had been appearing on his
face and body whenever a- wall 'or a piece
of furniture or a door casing had tapped
him the least little tap. /Sometimes the
upota would appear on hl« body:, when
there had. been no bruise, whatever.
* Th e wise men of trie college;; put their
heads, together and came to the, conclu
sion that concerned abnormally thin walls
of the blood vessels and < a- disease- called
purpura haemorrhagica. But that . was
not all. In the course of the examina
tion Dr. Heaiy made a startling discov
ery. It came «bout In somewhat this
fashion. ': ;. : • -. i' .Y.--
He' had been noticing only the spots.
When all -at once, his eye was attracted
by a movement— the steady, hammering
movement of the heart beat. And the
queer- thing was that It was on, the right
— that is. the wrong side.
Tests proved conclusively the existence
of this abnormality. Further tests dis
covered the liver to be on the left side,
correspondingly reversed. Percusnton
told this tale— percussion, which finds th»
liver where the sound Is dull. The mis
placement of tlv?" heart is probably ac
countable for his disease.
Willie Weiss doesn't care \ where his
heart is nor his liver, either. He Is sturdjr »
of body and rosy of face now, for thJJ)
long-named disease does not trouble him
as much as It did. You win find him the
blessedest. sunniest of second graders
during the week, a young man who can
spell and write arid read with the best .
of them, and If you saw him busily doins
all these, things you would never In tha
world guess that secret about his heart
It doesn't seem to matter at all now. Bu«
when he grows up? }
. Suppose he should grow old enough to
have a "very best" and to take her driv
ing and buy her sodas. And suppose she
should see him putting away her billet
doux or her photograph In his right vest
pocket Instead of the left. Wouldn't she
have, a right to be very, angry. Indeed?
For who could expect her to believe that
he was stowing It away next his heart.
after^all? Who could expect her to ac
"cept/any explanation so absurd as that
Willie's heart is on the wrong, or. rather,
the right side? Wouldn't It be the most
natural thing in the world for her to aay:
"¥\, fl, Mr. Weiss: such tales are all very
easy to tell, but as for'my swallowing
them — that's another matter!"
.But, bless his heart, he runs and plays
and is hungry and: happy and loving Just
as hearty little boys are everywhere. Ha
knows a great deal ' more than some of J
you bigger people who try to cross yatxr^
bridges before you come to them.
MMBi *«- ifciujrim. ¦mill—--*
It may sound strangely to hear persons
talk about a "tired steel axle" or a "fa
tigued iron rail." but that sort or talk Is
heard along railways and in machine
shops, and is considered correct. "The s
idea of Inanimate metal becoming weary!"
may be your thought^ but experts famil
iar with the ways of machinery say that
work makes it tired, and that It needs
rest, as you do.
"What caused the axle to break?" ask*
the railway superintendent. -_¦.
"Fatigue of the metal." answers the- In
spector.
Sinews of steel can tire as well as mus
cles of brawn, ami metal that does not
have its rest will cease to do Its work,
and may cause great damage. At least sa
the engineers say: and assert that with
out rest the affinity of the molecules of
the metal for each other becomes weak
ened, until the breaking point 13 reached.
METALS NEEDREST
arrows upon them. Colonel Lowrj'-Coie
#.nd Captains Abadie and Bryan, three
officers out of the four commanding the
detachment, were hit by arrows. The
poison which the natives use for their
arrows has been known to prove fatal In
a. few minutes.
I>r. Thompson, the surgeon of the expe
dition, as soon as the officers were hit,
•ncked the blood from the wound3 and
• with it the poifon. As soon as he had
attended to the officers he looked after
.the men and found that fifteen had beeri
hit. He gave the came treatment to them.
AH recovered. The doctor experienced no
ill effects from his action.
In the recent fighting around Llmu, In
JCIgerfa. In -West Africa, a detachment of
British were ambushed by a force of na
tives, who poured In a shower of poisoned
SUCKED THE POISON
m HUNDRED times a day on an av
erage the question is asked by vis
itors at the building' of the United
States Fish Commission, . How in
the world is it possible to tell with 'any
degree of accuracy how many eggs are
placed in any given shipment or are con
tained in the Jars where they are usually
kept? And the questioner is generally
much surprised when he Is informed that
by means of a scale devised by one of the
attaches of the commission it is possible
to tell to a nicety just what is desired to
be known on the subject, wnether it be
concerning the eggs of th« Spanish mack
erel, which are so small that a standard
United States quart measure of 57.75 cubic
Inches will contain 1.C67.728, or of land
locked salmon, 3300 eggs of which will rill
a. similar measure.
The measuring scale is a light square
made of wood, not so liable to break the
Jar as metal. The long leg of the squaro
Is fifteen Inches long, half an-incTi wide
and a quarter of an Inch thick. The short
leg is of the same breadth and thickness
and half the length. The long leg is grad
uated to read from the bottom upward.
quantity of eggs and multiplying- this
quantity by the number . of females
spawned* has justly gone out of existence.
How various -and how. far- wide of the
mark. such estimates were are shown by
the following: One fish "culturist estimate^
a shad to contain from 20,0(50 to 28,000 eggs:
another puts the number at 6C7QQO. 'D*r. H.
C. Yarrow estimates a shad, to contain
from. 100,000 to 150.000 eggrs, and an embry
ologlst of the United States Fish Commis
sion says a female of the same specie
may have' in' her roes at one time 250,000
ova in process of maturation. ' . '
These statements are'made to show the
absurdky of the old method of'determina
tion. There Is no desire to attach odium
to any one; but the wish is earnest to call
the attention of all interested ; to the ne
cessity of .'wme recognized . standard, of
measurement, to be known and used by
all .'fish ' cuiturists. Not infrequently has
! It happened that a consignment of eggs,
"when'. estimated by the recipient, has fall
en- short of the number, and
Isometlmeg these occurrences have led to
nccu^atjibns of fraud.. WhitefiBh 'and .shad
pggs. and possibly others, after several
A system which TV. F. Page devised of
measuring fish cgss and fry is applicable
to all classes of semi-buoyant and heavy
eggs, and is. he believes, based upon ra
tional principles. The basis of this system
is the number of eggs in a standard quart
of the United States (57.75 cubic inches)
determined by the actuaUcount of the egg.
—Washington Star." .
In many hatcheries, especially those
hatching heavy eggs, the system of deter
mination is based on the diameter of the
egg. It will be found very difficult to es
tablish by calculation based on the diam
eter a standard for measuring eggs on
trays, and the difficulty amounts to almost
impossibility when it is attempted in like
manner^ to determine the number of eggs
in a given bulk.
hours In the packing crates undergo- a
shrinkage amounting to nearly 12 per cent
of their bulk. After being several hours
in the Jars the eggs reabsorb the water
and resume their normal size. But the
main reason for the discrepancy in the
measurements at the receiving and ship
ping points is to be found In "the want of
harmony In the methods of measuring.
- .The practice of arriving at the number
of any, given lot of "eggs by. "estimating
each parent fish to contain ah unvarying
The'question of measuring the eggs is a
most important one to the fish culturlst,
and yet, to Judge from the various ways
of measuring eggs., it is one that has re
ceived little attention. Every branch of
trade has - a standard measure, but- fish
culture hat remained without standard or
rational : unit, each workman '. establishing
for himself .a system of determination and
varying that system from year to year,, as
the exigencies of the season demanded.
There, has not only ' been a wa.nt.~of har-.
niony in the 'various,-: so-called . measures
used, but th»' measures themselves have
: lacked. the elements '.'-. of reliability, being
cases the most arbitrary and Ir
rational..The records of .results of .work
in the earlier days of fish culture werebut
;"wlid guessing/ and; Sid ta say. many rec-'
ords are yet made In '.trie same manner, , . ;
hatched or are, on hand is a question con
stantly arising. It would.be cumbersome
and tedious were it-compulsory to open a
Jar and measure the eggs In a graduate
every time such information' was needed.
The short leg of the square Is placed
o-v er the top of the Jar, the long leg hang-
Ing down, and the scale read from? the
point where the top layer of eggs shows
In the. Jar. . It is possible to obtain b^y
measurement an almost correct- estimate
of the number of 'fish produced by a' Jar
of semi-buoyant eggs. Just, before the 1
time of hatching all dead eggs are care
fully drawn oft'.' It is an ascertained fact"
that scarcely any semi-buoyant eggs .die
under proper, conditions v after hatching
out has commenced. --•; ; «¦ .i ¦
¦ In' connection wlth^thescale^tiiere, Is
used a }ar. which presents an easy; ¦ quick
and safe means of ascertaining the knowl
edge .sought. . .The measurements' -In all
cases are made while the eggs are in the :
Jar, ard with the cap screwed, down. How
to ascertain the number of eggs lost or
The first grade is, at a height correspond
ing to the level attained' in the jar by. a
measured half pint of water; the succeed
ing grades are determined by the intro
duction.of. additional half pints, of, water.
All measurements are made' with "a feed
tube in place, the water' shut off and the
eggs allowed to thoroughly settle.
METHOD FOR COUNTING WITH ACCURACY MILLIONS OF FISH EGGS
Although the present fashion of chris
tening children with family surnames is
much to be commended for many reasons,
it carries with it some awful possibilities
unknown in the days of Mary Anns and
John Henrys. A glance at the following
list, each name of which la genuine, will
illustrate sufficiently well the possibilities
of nomenclature resting with parents in
their choice of names for the men and
women of to-morrow:
Edna Broker Mothershead.
Marian English Eaxle.
Sawyer Turner Somerset.
Will W. Upp.
Xealon Pray Daily.
Benton Killin Savag-a.
Owen Taylor Money.*. :
Ima Little Lamb.
Broker Hnsfiands Kart.
Will Waltz Wither.
Waring Green Cotes.
Iva. "Winchester Rifle.
Etta Lotta Hainmond-Erffjes.
Barber Cutting Mann,
Weir Sick O'Bryanj .
Makln Loud NoyesT
Hurd Copp Cummlng.
Rodenor Pullman Karr. #
Doody Spies Sourwlne.
Knott Worth Reading.— LJf».
¦tjs^nESIDING on a little truck farm
JL-^ near Omaha, is a man who sheds his
ii*^, ekln «-very vtar. He has put en. a
new epidermis every year eince
birth. For the last five years the trans
formation began exactly on the 27th day
of June. Prior to that time it came either
In July or August About a month is con
sumed In the process of discarding the
old cuticle and the appearance of . the
r.pw. During this time the finger and
toe nails become loose and are discarded,
»*w nails coming In, but more time is re
quired In growing the nails to matutity.
. The man who annually undergoes this
•trange process of desq.uama.tion is 3. O.
Buskirk, who was born la Clark County.
Mo.. May SO. 1S50. He Is the father of
three daughters and a son now. grown.
Were It not that his hair is slightly tinned
with gray Mr. Buskirk would be regarded
as a man of 49, for he 13 strongly built,
robust and agile. His complexion is gocd
and his eye 1b bright.
*'I was neve! 1 elck In my life," said he,
"and have taken but very little medfeine
tor these attacks— only a l-ttle something
to allay the fever that accompanies them.
It If a freak of nature. The doctors can
not tell what It is or why it is. nor can
they prevent It. Very few have ever
inea, ana I won t let any more of them
experiment on me. . Atter the'sktn has
been shed I am as good as new and feel
like a boy of 18. Yet I dread the process
of peeling, for it Irritates and debilitates!
I have eaten little or nothing for three
days and am weak. Many years have I
hoped that some scientist would find a
means of preventing the recurrence of
my trouble. . ¦ -
"I have never heard of but one similar
case— a man in Montana— but that was
Borne years ago and I have "forgotten his
name. This foot of mine is itchine ter
ribly to-day," continued Mr. Buskirk, as
he removed sho« and sock. " * . ; ¦ -
No further evidence was needful to al-
lay doubt as to the truth of this man's
statements. The scarfskln was peeling
off. Part of it. hung down below the flesh
of the foot, resembling a white thin moc L
casin partially slipped from the heel. It
was not pleasant to look- upon. The skin'
of the body exfoliates In flakes. . J' v
. "I could pull this all off now," explained
Mr. Buskirk, "but If ¦ I did so the ,new<
skin which is forming would be so tender
I could 1 not walk.' So I must let if take-
Its own time in coming off, which may jbe
a week or ten days." • :¦' , } '¦
The hands undergo the same re-creation.
The discarded cuticle -of the" hand's which
Mr. Buskirk .has .preserved looks '.like thin
white rubbejr, gloves/ a i\Ule tattered and
* " ¦ • . y 1
torn. At, the newspaper man's request
Buskirk- stepped to his, room and got his
erstwhile "-. hands 'and permitted photo
graphs to/be.madeof them/ He- was not
a bit anxious .to parade his Infirmity, t yet
he is willing to do all he may. to the-'end
that some scientist may correctly diag*
nose his case. 'He Is a man of good na
ture and intelligence and disposed to rer
spond to every reasonable request.
1 'JYou see, my finger nails are beginning
: to loosen," said he. exhibiting the .tips of
'his fingers, "and. the 1 skin on my ¦ hanfls Is
beginning to bojher me again. Within ten
days it will all;have'been ! ;replaced'by new
skin. way s. ; starts (at ft%% roots of
gradually spreading in all dl-
rectlons. Then thin hardened skin. begins
to puff 'up and, break away from the new
Pklb that is- forming underneath, and If I
tap it with a lead, pencil at such times it
.gives off' a\sharp* sound, ;like striking a
piece of celluloid or stiff leather. Finally,
by opening and" closing my . hands often,
the skin parts along the edge, and then,
by helping. along the process with a pock
etknlfe, the piece' comes off whole."
Buskirk has several interesting souve- :
nirs in the form of patches of skin which
he has shed from, his hands and feet at -
various times during his career, and in -
.every Instance these present perfect out-
. lines of the members 'from which they
came. For.example, the "bark" from the
palm of tii» Sand mtgnt easily be mis
taken at first stance for one-half of a
.glove. Moreover, the thick, callous-like
skin retains the mysterious lines of the
hand of which the palmist makes so
much. In this connection, there Is in the
Buskirk case a fact which tends to dis
prove the entire theory' of palmistry, be
ing evidence that the lines of the hands
change with time and are not unalterably
preserved, as has. been supposed. Among
his grewsome keepsakes is a. piece of
skin taken from his right hand when he
was 10 years old. It Is observed that
while the general conformation of the
.lines corresponds with that of his right
hand as It is to-day, still the Individual
lines are longer' now than then, even after
making allowance for the growth of the
member as a whole. Fully a third has
been added to the length' of ' the" famous
,*'jlfe".'line. ' It Is as Jf destiny had rnten'd-
ed rum originally to be of brier exwrenea
In this vale of tears and had later
changed her mind arid concluded to endow
him with the boon of longevity.
"My father," said Mr. Buskirk. "is 103.
He lives at Portland, Or. His father died
at 110. Mv brothers and sisters ara all
strong and hearty men and women. I am
the only member of the family who can be
called a freak."
THIS MAN SHEDS SKIN LIKE A SNAKE
THE SU^DAT A3AJL.LI. -
2The wonderful laboratory of nature was
doing somewhat experimental work in
those days, and the first animals created
had coarse life cells— that is. the units of
which their flesh, bicod and bone were
composed nre large, and when viewed un
der the microscope are plainly seen with
lower magnifying powers than those of
animals of the present day. which, wheth
er they be great as the elephant or small
as a humming bird, have uniformly fine
cells composing their, tissues.
When the world was young all of the
organic growths were of simple and ele
mentary structure. Nature had not then
learned to hide her secrets as she now
does. Botanists find that In studying the
flora of the carboniferous age they dis
cover the key to the intricate systems of
plant growth which are now required to
enable the vegetable kingdom to hold its
own e gainst the increasing climatic rigors
and the ever-growing mierocosmlc ene
mies that make the existence of even a bit
of moss a continuous struggle. As the
vegetable was then nimple. so animals
were planned In a primitive, rough-hewn
way, for they had an easy path to travel
During the early days of the coal ag?,
when all the earth was a great steamy
paradise, with a climate like the interior
of a hothouse, the saurirns, large and
small, lived and thrived in countless num
bers. As all things ¦ have small begin
nings, so the lizard family, which then
predominated, began small, and the
Eatrachoseps were the first of them.
know why w* live; what life's substance
is- and the scientists of two continents
are looking to it to learn the secret ot
their being. The species is the oldest now
living on earth, and not only thnt. but In
conceivably older than most of _ the ex
tinct animals. The mastodons, clyptodons
and any number of genera whose former
presence on earth Is now known but by
their fossil remains, were newcomers, and
in their time looked upon as parvenus by
the very ancient Batracheseps.
\vA/ / * Ask 1he Batrachopops. It
XJx/ !:ro\V5.
A small, si'.ent saurian, living
but in California, and here only where the
Sfmpcrvirer.s redwood? shade the streams.
Olfitr tr.:in ihe hills they live on, are the
families of both tree and lizard. Older
than the continent itself, which was but
«=!!me of the sea-washed depths when they
wew old inhabitants of lost Atlantis or
Kinking Oceania.*
Both of the species belong to a past geo
logical a^e and are unfitted for coping
with existing conditions which are slowly
bringing about their extinction.
But whle the redwood is of an old fam
ily; so old that it grows by the primitive
method of turning its leaves into limbs
and trur.k. yet !t is but a new laid ess
compared to the venerable and slow-going,
brown-backed water lizards which crawl
about Its roots.
When at Ia5t science learns the myste
rious difference between the man and the
ecry^e. it will have this rare animal to
thank for it. For more million:* of years
than any other species which has ever
existed, the Batrachoserr has lived and
carried In its keeping the mystery that
every living mortal seeks to unravel. Car
ried its secret through the ages passing
on from generation to generation.
The Belgian Government has become ac
quainted with the fact that there is still
living in California this species of the
strange genera that swarmed the world
¦when the mammoth plesiovaurus swam his
forty-foot body through the warm waters,
and his thirty-foot neck waved inquisi
tively among the giant vegetable growths
which overlaid the earth and hid the sun.
We are a long way from the centers of
science that feel themselves to dominate
the world. Ours is a land of wonders
that w<? do not appreciate. The Batracho-
Feps has been crawling in our foresis, un
noticed except by a few scientists here,
and unheard of by those cf foreign coun
tries.
The first of them ever taken to Kurope
¦were carried over by- Professor Van der
Xaillen <tf this city some months ago. He
eays: "When thore dignified scientific
gentlemen saw crawling before them liv
ing specimens of a type which they sup
posed tud vanished into the realms of the
fossils hundreds of thousands of years ago
they jum;.ed for very joy. When they
learned what our scientists had already
done in the v.ay cf investigation, they de
termined that they, t03. would come here
to the home of the Ftrange living relics
of the past and work at the unfolding
problem."
Professor Le\Brun at Antwerp was the
rr.an ln.aily decided upon as the one best
fitted by reason of his biological re
pearches to take uj> the study of the Ba
trat-hosL-fiS, as he has made embryology
his life work.
The Be'Rian Government having: become
Interested in the investigations, «rfU pay
i.!l <xi;er.!>es of Professor Le Erun's ex
pedition here, provided that California can
guaranty to suj;ply u. sufficient number
of :he sauriar.s ujxjm which t-j experiment.
It is BUppoeed that over a'JO will be re
quired, all of v.hich must be perfect speci
mens of their kind.
Th? California Academy of Sciences will
4«» all probability, ttndcr to Professor l>e
Crun the 'jse of Us laboratories, and in
addition bis Gavenuaeat will provide him
with a. special field laboratory, set up in
*-cme place convenient to the haunts of
V'ie reptiles, and equipped for exhaustive
Holoj4ic«i experiment*, so that continuous
observe tions may be made upo^i the crea
tures u:i«1er normal conditions.
This v< nerablfl species !« the m'sslng
link needed bw the bioUiir'vi who seeks to
To the micrcScoplst then It was like
Ending a new world to discover this liz
ard, a relic of former days, with his
large life cells, makinsr possible re
searches from which he had been before
debarred.
These creatures of the carboniferous ago
require a mflder climate than Is now af
forded on any part of the earth except
California, and accordingly they have
perished from every other section of It.
Even here they can only be found In cer
tain limited localities, and while appar
ently numerous are no more plenty than
will be required by the demands of sci
ence, which In their case will acquire th<*
greater part of Its knowledge only at the
cost of the lives of the animals which
supply It.
For all of our lives we young Callfor
nlans have seen the patient Batrachoseps
wandering painfully over the dry land, or
lying In blissful Idleness In the bottom of
stagnant pools, rising once In an hour
perhaps to swallow a mouthful of air. an
we do a drink of water. Why they lived,
was always a source of wonderment.
There was no pleasure In their life un
less it was the mere joy of living, and
of that they gave no sign. They appar
ently served no useful purpose and had
no part In the economy of nature.
But all the while, unknown to us. ther*
had been a mission In life for them. Now
It is about to be fulfilled.
"Art la long and time Is fleeting." the7
would have said to themselves. "Our
lives go on apace and our numbers de
crease, yet has not our time come, nor
Is our purpose accomplished."
But at last science is catching up to
nature and beginning to read the stories
hidden In rock and stream. Thicker they
come as one gives the key to another,
and the understanding broadens 'I with,
what it acquires.
What Is life, and why do we want to
know what It la?
Moat of all. so that we may conserve
. that which we Dosseas.
Scientists have so far done nothing pos-
sustenance provided by nature. Coarse
life cells would of necessity have large
Interstices between them. Riving room for
lodgment of microbes, bacteria, parasites
or whatever it Is that produces disease.
There vo ill d also be a lack of sensitive
ness, quickness, elasticity, resistance and
all of those qualities which indirectly
rive power to win In a struggle. There
fore In the slow changes of time, by that
* process of natural selection known as the
.•urvival of tb<j fittest, it came about that
the fine-celled displaced thosa
¦with coarse ce!ls. and the latter disap
peared everywhere except here in Califor
nia, where the climatic moderation and
bountiful food «upplies have enabled this
one small species to outlast its genera by
ages.
• While they are the last, they are not the
only kind of antediluvian reptiles that
have lived h«-r». There has recently been
discovered ,near Los Angeles a bed of
skeletons of mighty monsters of a bygone
era: whose petrified bones show*^hat "\heir
bodies must have been seventy-five feet tn
length and weighed hundreds of tons, and
It Is by some supposed that the vast pe
troleum stores of the State are but the
oily^ residues of the decomposition of their
huge carcasses accumulating In the lake
bods of early geological ages.
' Strange that the understanding of our
own-lives, upon which so much depends,
should hinge upon the study of this ani
mal of the typ* of Ions aieo; but science,
in this a* In everything else, must begin
at the beginning, or as near to it as pos
sible, and the Bntrnchosens fg far and
away the most primitive of all the fauna
of the earth.
The micro5ccp'st comes closer than any
other scientist to learning wh.nt It Is that
makes us alive, but his searches are al
ways balked by the inconceivable minute
ness of the scale upon which nature
works when concealing her one great
•mystery. - '
;THE,fSIJNbXY : ;fCA!LL..
Continued on Pace 5.
THE girl sculptress of San Francisco
lives in her little studio, five tflights
up. in the tiptop of an old building
I on Montgomery street. When the
first rays of sunshine, arrive through the
quaint little round skylights in the roof
to make a light for her she begins her
work and she does not Unlsh . until the
sunshine departs by the way it, came,
leaving her aione'ln the>dusk.
Once there was a little girl down on a
farm near Nlles. Her name was Sybil
Easterday, and she was very fond of play
ing In the mud.
But It rraa not mud pieu she made. It
was -the same sort of things that she
wrought out of. the putty which she
scraped from\ the edges of the ¦ window
panes, and the same sort of things that
her mother found the butter patties made
into on the . pantry shelves. In ; shor*.
Sybil Easterday was a spulptress^in em
bryo, and it. was genius that wSs trying
to work Its way out through the mud and
putty- and butter.
When she grew up tnere was an in
teresting collection of cruJe wood carv
ing in her room at the Easterday farm
house and there van no p^ace on the
whole . farm until she had gained her
parents' consent to come to San Francisco
for a course of art instruction.
She came and.the Hopkins Art Institute
found In her one of Its cleverest pupils.
Onithe farm she had- dabbled, too. in
painting, and from under her paint brush
there sprung yellow haystacks and gray
oaks with such crude naturalness and
realistic effect as to make plodding Illus
trators stare and arouse the interest of
the instructors. But for her painting she
did' not -care, so much; her passion was
sculpture. : and she into clay
modeling and Its accompanying studies
of anatomy with a determination* born of
a great -love for.-h^r work.
She made .progress. Such ' astonishing
progress lhat Yhos<> of ordinary clever
ness stopped to make note and congratu
late. As soon as she had mastered suf
ficient: technique tu work independently
she took her studjo and shut herself- up
with her work, and while the sun shone
no one was admitted. Earnestness and
ambition kept, her within her four walls
and the little art world of San Francisco
had almost forgotten her until it found
her work prominently placed In ' the In
stitute of Art exhibitions.
Since then she has been an acknowl
edged factor of importance in San Fran
cisco art circles, tier study figures have
appeared at all the principal art exhibi
tions and .have been given prominent po
sitions. - ' v
The girl sculptress is independent as
well In Ideas and the execution of them
as In bread-winning. When the first bar
rel of plaster for casts was brought into
her studio and the ivnlte powder left a
little trail alone the floor; when her tub
of wet clay tipped over and she found her
hands and face and aer skirts all covered
with the sticky substance, then Mlsa
Kasterday had one of her independent
ideas and she proceeded to put it into ex
ecution. The next day when the baker
boy called the door was opened for him
by a young person in a light flannel shlit
and white duck trousers. The young per
son had a sculptor's knife" and a little
wad of clay In one hand and the other
was held out with wide-stretched fingers,
fresh from the tub mixture. But what
made the baker-boy stare was the young
person's head. It wai a. mass of fluffy
red-brown hair, bound up loosely with a
band of black velvet and shading the seri
ous face and earnest "ulue eyes of the girl
sculptress. »
Since first adopted It Mlsa Easter
day has worn the oractical attire at her
work. ' . ¦ ¦¦¦,¦• ,
Miss Easterday's visitors and the baker
boy have long since become accustomed to
her practical eccentricity and the girl
sculptress herself has become so appre
ciative of its comforts that it Is with a
sigh she dons her street attire, which sha
never does until the moment of her goln.£
out. • .
Many are the comments of the little Bo
hemian circle of artists anent the girl
sculptress. They say she 13 strange, ani
odd. and queer, but they unanimously
agree that she is clever and Independent
and that she is earnest and ambitious.
She herself Is indifferent to all com
ment. Her world is her studio and her
art. Her life motto is work. She has al
ready met with unusual local success and
it is safe to predict that some day aha
will be heard of beyond the limits of tha
West.
and few enemies. As time weni on tiie
climate became more rigorous, and new
animals, insects and microbes tame into
existence to prey upon the animals al
ready there or to divide with them the
3
PROF... LE BRUN OF ANTWERP WILL COME TO CALIFORNIA TO SOLVE THE MYSTERY OF LIFE...
SYBIL
EASTERDAY
SAN
FRANCISCO
SCULPTRESSleaf. .which' In this original is missing. Is
printed "from , modern7 type. , ,The.binding
of the original is ' literally of boards— not
in the 'modern sense; of pasteboard,- but
strips oi; wood one-eighth . of an ' inch
thick; covered .' with "thin ' paper. -,To t re
produce this binding exactly was io diffi
cult a matter for the bookbinder that the
publishers have' substituted the, paper
binding in ; which so many of the early
editions of "The Primer"; appeared. With
the excepUon. of tha cover, this edlUon
continents,! '¦ horns* possessions. . Indeed that &
' republic '. with - - its A frequent ? .'change " of ''ad-'
i ministrations '¦ and petty,' officials.-, yri th Its . nec
essarily large ¦ proportion of • incompetent ; ser- .
iVahtsT ' wlth'^lts '."constant spoils.
. seekers ' and patriots ' for revenue, with \ Its In- .
vested; interests ' seeking *' a •'• colonial market,
that, such' a government ) Is, at all fitted -for'
holding colonies * has ¦ not beep \ proved. " But,
; as was said in the', beginning,, the ..success .of.
the past Is the hope 'of the future. *"*«"/"
" "The Expansion -of "the "American Poo-
JTBiillWH Till" ni i 'i ii 'in fiii ' nil -,¦.-•¦¦
our people as is shown j by] well • a u t hen t i -
cated v history. - :'.] Professor < ': Sparks'^ long
years of study of historical subjects has
well fitted him for. making just., the' prbpsr
selection ;> of + material >. necessary to * sue-'
clnctly show ) the development ' of - America
and Americans since j we firit i raised j our
national' flag to , the time "when; It has be
come necessary,-; to; send .' tha; ;'etars > and
stripes over : the "sea' as ' a vanguard' of still
further expansion. ' v „•=. «•»'¦«
f . In 'a brief introduction Professor'SparkB
points out the law, of the survival of tho
fittest as applied to ¦ tho : original - lnhabl-
Books Received.
THE DECUXE ANI> FALL OF SAM
UEL. SAWBONES. M. -D.. ON . THE
KLONDIKE— By his next best friend.
The Ifeely Company. New York. $1 50.
MORAL CULTURE A3 A SCIENCE—
By Theoda .Wllkms. M. D..' and-'Bertha
8. Wilklns. The Whitakex ! & Ray Com
pany. San Francisco. . • ; -.: •¦-
ABOUT DANTE— Byr Frances Fenton
Sanborn. The WhItaker-& Ray Company,
San Francisco. Jl. * '/ "
THE EXPANSION OF THE'AMERI
CAN PEOPLE— By Edwin Erie Sparks.
'Ph. r>. Scott. Foresman A Co.; Chicago.
n « .».•..-•
THROUGH STRESS AND STORM-By
Gregory Brooke. The. Abbey Presa. New
York. «. . .
POEMS— By Alexander Blair Thaw*
John' LTarie." New York. ¦ ' *•
THE NORTH AMERICANS OF TES
TERDAY-By Frederick. S. Dellenbausa.
G. P. Putnam's Sona, Xew York. Jl.
IHSBHBBIBBBHBBH
... ; ;• "¦ - ; -.^;'.;;^,; ; ..^
ley. wtth "tne prices or building at; that"*
time, the costs of living, customs, super
stitions and education, otters; an interest-j
. ing lesson in contrast • with , the "develop- ,
" ment, of to-day. - The' author' brings 'out -^
.' well the gradual first,* the ..
selfish interest 1 which set every man hard /
¦ at ;xvork to make his home; 1 : second/, this '"
, the'., common. : Interest j which ' ;
bound them all together^ for a mutual and."-,
stronger, jJrot ection, and |hlrd; ; the • broad- .
¦ enlng In ., a '. feeling ¦ of (local '.. security ' to ' a ' .
; feeling of national: pride.- which SflrmllyV
*'. culminated -in • the;, laying; of the^ Corner- -."
, stone of the National Capitol ; in 8eptem-'H
¦ ber. 1793, and ;theestabliahnient of a na
tional seat of government. *•' ¦'": .
| A traveler in 1807 describes the weakling
capital city of the Union as follows: ';
It ¦ remains, - after ten years '¦ of expensive
\ ¦ f iMitermp, " a rickety Infant— unable to go alone. '••'
• . ¦ • ' • The Federal city . in in •reality . neither, .
tewn . ncrj, vlllftk e. ; % It may be compared to , a /
. : . hunting-seat; where state sportsmen may run ['¦¦
¦ horses ; and Bg-ht v cocks.' kill Time, under cover'
ond shoot Public-Service, flj-injr. .• • '"A few
¦>- scattered 1 , hamlets here "x and^ there indicate a
•ordld and population;, and, 2 or. I
;¦ edifices upon distant : hills.," • „• :* -.There ; si ta
H .the -.Presidenti upon aLsummerirecess-fllke," a'
• 'rcllcah in . the .wilderness" or' a *8parrow; upon . -
s iha;housetopJ \* ¦•:•: Imagine the members 'of
bcth; houses', on . a -} frosty! morning 'trudging- ."/
Talong ¦ through : mire > and ' snow— like j eo s many ,
. I Ugrlrija Incurring' voluntary : h«rdships 'on a \
;¦ Journey ' of \ penance; and - you : will". ' no '¦. longer , r
: wonder that tha House Is never full at roll !
; call. . . - ,- : t . ¦-¦; ¦ •-". - ; ':;'.•. ¦'_[¦:
""¦': Professor Sparks .then* calls attention to .:
.the pressure: inV: the J Southwest-^-the "fact •
":that .th©#Kentuckians, arid": Tennesseeans ,
; could ral^e goodjeropis but'could.nbt mar- " :
"; ket them ' owingTto 'the "Spaniards' *.
"l ov«r i the ' mouth^'of \ the ? Mississippi;?/ His ''
' ''¦¦ account r of l tho ' overt \ acts Pof j the? Span- '•.
•5 lardi , ¦•; which ' resulted : In _ the haaty . f orrha- %
'¦* tlon'of Ta" military companyJunder George 4
. ¦ Rogers Clark /of Revolutionary, fame, and -
the. gradual, rounding 'out of. the, gulf pos- '
;\He8slon8,"whicn' Inevitably followed,^ is
very "interesting. ' '. ' ' " •' " - •',*¦¦'
:• ; There follows some ? good matter on -the'
,- •voluUon of the - American* fronUer,-' to 1
- ' ' ¦ ¦ )~i nr'iwnfr'Bni niTim^TB
his praises then had doir? in honor of
tho man's success as an individual and
not to do tribute to the doctrines which
he promulgated.
In 1«4 . Mr. " Georso asrain went nbroai
on a lecturing tour. In th« present vol
ume are given some verv arnusinK anec
dotes of a personal nature concerning this
trip. The most important enisod« of this
period was an attack made on him and
his principles hy the Duke of Argyll in
an article in the Nineteenth Century, en
titled "The Prophet of San Francisco.'"
Mr. Georce replied through the columns
of the Fame magazine, but not until he
had written and rewritten his answer and
even taken It to New York with him to
"polish it like- a steel-shot/'
Back again in America he d«>vot»d him
self to political and social problem writ-"
ing. Then came his nomination as. a can
didate for Mayor of New YoTk. The pur
prisln»?ly high vote he received, consider
ing th« fact "that his party lacked both
experience and organization,; wan com
mented on at length. He. was even, talked
of a? labor candidate for the Presidency,
in 18SS/ ¦.¦;': : .¦ J -':'•' 1-" '.-¦?/ •-'¦*'' .-
The book closes with an account of his
trip .around. the world and ; with
chapters devoted to his personal and 'do-;
mestic matters. Published by Doubleday
& McClure, Company. ' New .York. :
A work whose title may, prove mlsleud : _
ing is "The .Expansion * of the
People. Social and Territorial," ;by;Edwin
Erie Sparks.' Ph. D., assistant- professor of
American, history in t the University: of
Chicago. It might be urtderstood-.torbe
simply disquisition on the expansion prop
osition,: made' up largely;, of; the author's
personal ideas and opinlo'ns regarding the
future action of the Government In irullng
our new ' possessions. \^On;, the /contrary, ;
the volume'i deals ;,with;, past \ history and
not with prophecies for the future. Profes
sor Sparks has accumulated his material
carefully and places it, before the reader,
in a' concise form most commendable. It
Is the best'bbok that has come to our no
tice giving an: Idea of .the remarkable
growth^ of; these .United States of ours
from their. inception down tp the present
day." The '/author; wastes no • time In'. the
expression /of -personal opinions,': but only
in the last chapter presents in a" scholarly
and .dignified way his deductions ~ founded
on past * happenings.' •. In t a sentence, ;.the
book traces ; simply. ¦' the .; actual, growth
commercially,' politically i and '% socially .;* of
¦ ¦¦
will fhow between " iie lines; tne mon
than straitened circumstances of the fam
ily at that time:
F'hruary IT. 1«»» (Friday. 10:40 p. m.)-Oav<?
I. Trump this day hill of salf for my interest
ir. orfic—. with the understanding that 1' h» sot
nr.y 'motley by wiling I am tr> fc-x ??m«. I
an: now afloat .train, w'th -the world - before
ire. I have commenced th's little bnok a? an
f jrper'r-er.t— to a!d me in rcquirlnc habits of
regularity, punctuality and purpose. I will
enter in !t each rvenins the principal ;vent»
(¦' the <Ja.y. with note* if they'crcrir. errors'
ro:r.m!tted or the. reverse. «n<J plans for the
r>f rro»" and future. 1 r.jlH rrnke a practice
of locking «t it on ariMns in the morning.
1 am ftartinff cut a'rerh. very much crip
pled nnd embarrassed, o\v;r.~ nvr S'JOO. t have
1 pen unsuccessful In everything. I wish to
prrflt hy my experience and to cult'.\-ate thass
oual'.ties necessary to success in which I hav»
l>f*n Inckinp. I hav» n«t saved sr much as
I ourht. ar>f". am resolved t-i pra-fre a rigid
economy until I have jomethln? nhead.
Firft— To mnVe every cent I can.
F.-Trd— To rpend noihtris unn»crssar!ly.
Thlri— To pi:t acmeth'.ne by each w»ek. If
It Is cnTy a five-cent piece borrowed for the
I urp<-f «¦.
Fci'rih— Net to run in debt if it can be
SVO^Pd.
F!fth— To endeavor ti mrk-> an scfjualntar.ee
and frend of ever> - one with whom I am
troupht in contact.
Slvth— To stay at heme l^fin and be more
srciol.
Seventh— To strive to think consecutively and
dec^t quickly.
The^e resolutions are a good lndf* to
Mr. George'* mind at that time. He is
about to make another start in life. He
in *>n the last rung of the ladder and
"dead broke." Naturally . tho first «hin;r
r.ow is for him to "make every cent he
can." then "to spend nothing • unnoires
frarily." At times in his li'e he had
made pood salaries*, and the vision* of
money wasted are not pleasant when
f ctual hunger stares you in the face. The
third resolution is certainly uniqu 1 ? and
has a bit of delicious humor In it. al
though at that time any thoughts of a
Joke were furthest from Mr. George's
thoughts. The Idea of saving five ;ents
a week, even if It be borrowed from a
friend. Is splendid. The frequent use of
the word "if'\ shows the number .of
schemes whl^h had been- tried and found
wanting, until finally Georp» has lost all
confidence In positive assertion and is
content "not to run in debt IF it can be
avoided." There Is a pathetic ring In
that "to stay at home less and be more
social." ' ¦ . .'. . • -
Things then began to mend. Both hus
band and wife did what they could. 'Mrs.
George managed to pay their rent by
pewlng for the ladlady, and finally George
himself obtained regular employment.
He was now 26 years old. and this period
narks the date of the commencement of
his career as a writer. : • * •
His article. "Sic Semper Tyrannis!" In
spired ' by the j assassination ' of Lincoln
and which appeared in the " Alta Cali
fornia, won for him a place as special
leporter on , that- paper. , He had written
it on the spur of the moment and thrust
It in the editor's box with ; merely, his
initials as signature., and was surprised
to see it appear In type the. next morning;.
It was not, " however, ' until some \ years
later that Mr. ¦ George . was able \to leave
the composing-ropm for, good and all and
de .jte himself to the pen alone. He then
made a quick : rise from the . position of
extra reporter on the . San Francisco
Times .to that of its managing editor. 1 ' %
This part, of Mr. Henry /Jr.'s
book will be found especially interesting
to San Franciscans, containing : so I much
ti*. it does about local events and people.
The life of . extreme poverty, was now
over for Henry George, but. it had been
a lesson that he never could. forget, and
all his energies were devoted to the lead-
Ing question, '•Why poverty accompanies
wealth in advancing civilization.!' His
past experiences and present studies of
life In- New . York^ and > San Francisco
finally resulted In the book that made Its
author famous— "Progress and Poverty,
an' Inquiry Into the Cause of - Industrial
Depressions arid of .'_ the Increase of
Want With the Increase of Wealth."
Mr. George set most of the . type for tbe
book himself. There .¦ was ; the usual
trouble about finding a publisher,' but the
work was finally- undertaken ; by • Apple
ton & Company and appeared in 1579. '.It
soon ' began to attract tho attention of
the reading world. . -
In th« fall oi JLES1 Mr.' George went to
1? an almost exact fat-simile of the orig
inal, even to the eclor of the time-stained
paper.
"The Xew Ensland Primer" was one of
the greatest books ever published. It
went through Innumerable, editions; It
reflected In a marvelous w.-iy the spirit
of tho ase that produced it; and con
tributed, perhaps more than any other
book except tbe Bible, to the molding of
those sturdy generations that gave to
America Us liberty and Its Institutions.
Even late reprints, of "Th© Vrimnr" are
scarce and expensive, only tf» he found
In the book collector's treasure house.
In. the Alamo.
Ilooswa and Others of tiie Boundaries
AV. A. Fraser has utilized well his time
of six seasons spent on the Athabasca ar.^
Saskatchewan rivers In the far norths
west of Canada by grlvlnfr to us his story
of animal life, "Mooswa and Others of the
Boundaries." Those who enjoyed Kip
ling's "Jungle Stories" and Ernest Seton-
Thompson's tales of American animals
cannot fail to appreciate Mr. Fraser's en
tertaining style. He is accused by soma
of Imitating' Kipling:, but even this- would
be better than no Mooswa at all. Ha
has studied nature and animal Ufa well,
as his careful attention to details and
characteristics shows.
The animals do> most of the talking,
with just enough by man to show the part
he plays in their lives. - Mr. Arthur Hem-
Ing is deserving of special mention for tha
striking: illustrations which form no small
part of the attractiveness of the book.
(Published by" Charles Scribner'a Sons,
Hew York. Price $2.) • -¦
Ople Read, well known as the author cf
"A Yankee from the "West" and Tha
Waters of Caney Fork,"* has added to his
laurels, by a new story picturing incident
ally those Immortal Americans who
fought and died in the battle of the
Alamo. The historical element Is not. how
ever, the main part of the story, for It Is
rather a psychological study of affairs of
the heart of a middle-aged man of the
wcrld. It tells of a Southerner, Luctan.
Howardaon. an ex-Congressman for tha
State of Texas, whose heart fs won by tne
fascinations of the heroine— a woman of
no ordinary type. The fair one Is under
a pledge which prevents her returning the
love of this man whom she really would
chcose above all others, and it Is this
state of affairs which gives to the author
his motif. . The story is full of exciting
Incidents and strong situations. The dia
logue la good and the reader's Interest la
kept well sustained to the end. (Pub
lished by Rand, McNally & Co., Chicago.
Price U 3.)
Idteiary Notes:
Under the title. 'The New Industrial
Revolution," Brooks Adams contributes
to the February Atlantic a brlllla.nt an
aJysls of the recent conditions la tha
world's markets.
The reports made to th» January Book
man by the book stores of th« thirty-five
large cities of America show that "Alice
of Old Vincennes," by Maurice Thomp
son, was . the best selling book of tha
month. ; ¦*
Truth for January (contains, amons
other interesting contributions, an article
devoted* to the work of the well-known
painter. Mrs. TChoda Holmes Nlcholls.
Two beautiful color pages, reproduced di
rectly from the artist's original canvasea.
accompany the article: there ax© also sev
eral black and white illustrations and a
por tFa* l ox *• i rs« *n icno 119* *.
Harper & Bros, have Just Issued "The
Golfer's Calendar." which .consists of
twelve pictures by A. B. Frost, with,
verses by Van Tassel Sutpheh. The pic
tures, which illustrate a phase of gol? for
each month of the year, are enclosed la
an artistic envelope and are suitable for
framing. They are especially appropriata
for decorating golf club houses.
The February number of XlcCluro's
Magazine will contain a graphic narra
tive of Hernando de- Soto and his discov
ery of the Mississippi, by Cyrus Town-,
send Brady, whose powers la picturesque'^
and adequate historical writing have won.'
htm so much esteem from th* reading
public. The article will be fully Illus
trated. This number of McClure's will
be notable for Its fiction and for Its art.
The authors represented are Rudyard
Kipling, Robert Barr. Sarah' Orne Jewett.
Josephine Dodge Daskam and Edwin,
Lefevre; the artists are Kenyon Cox. Ed
mund J. Sullivan, Lock wood Kipling, Ed
win Lord Weeks. Genevteve Cowles.
Charles L. Hinton, Henry Hutt, George)
Glbbs and Frederic Dorr Steel*.
The Overland Monthly has some capital
matter'ln its January number. Th«»r<» Is
plenty of flc:im for the sh?rt-story reader
by Elizabeth Halght Strong. J. F. Rose-
Soley, Frances Knapp. A. B. "Westland,
Fred Harvey Major and Elizabeth Sutton.
Gelette Burgees has an es"say on "The
Diary HaMt." There are also sonfe po«m.»
Jty Charlotte l^ech. Park Barniu. L.
Cralgham. Elizobeth Gerberdlnsr. Annette
Kohn and Ina Wright" Harison. One of
the most interesting, plctorlally. In this
number Is an article s on the Hoopa Indian
ieserva tlon by.Theodore Gontz. "Welcom
ing the Buddha's Most Holy Bones" by
D. Bralnard Spooner, tutor at the Slameso
legation, Tokio, will be found well worth
reading.
"Japanese Play? and Playfellows" is tha
title of a little bock by Osman Edwards
which .will be published Immediately by
the Macmillan Company. It will contain, \
twelve colored plates by Japanese artlstrf J
To quote the authors own. words he ways
In the preface that he has "burned a Rood
deal of incense in honor of the Musume."
who, as he gay a, "still'summarizes in her
dainty little person much of her country's
majric. Its plcturesqueness, its kindness
Us politeness." The :'illustrations are
quite a new feature la fcookmaklng. Wo
are not aware of another English book
that has been apectally illustrated in color
by Japanese aitist?. There are chapters
on "Religious Plays." "Popular Plays."
"The Geisha and Cherry Bfossom." "Vul
gar Songs." 'Taking the Waters." "Play
ing With Fire," "Afternoon Calls" and
"The Scarlet Lady." . ; '
Th»n is considered the peopling of the
great Northwest Territory by the hardy
T oneers. who wished by individual effort
to build up a country of their, own. The
description, of th*ir life in the Ohlo'Val-
In his opening chapters the author
shows the preparation of Europe in the
fifteenth century for expansion followed
by Dutch. German and French
Immigration. He, calls attention to the
asflmilation of the different nationalities
In the'new country; tho dangers encoun
tered; who.h give to all a common interest
through, the : law t ot . preservation" of self
and kind. '''."""".:'•
Frequent maps give the relative gTOwth
In territory and show the arrangement of
national boundaries, and.! public, domain.
TTiese prove of great help to the reader in
ixing strongly in his : mind the order of
development of the different parts of the
country.. . . " • . ¦¦" ¦ ' •' ' i
First, appears a detailed account of the
French-English 'struggle for, ;the Missis
sippi Valley and the organization of the
system, of public lands; the methods of
surveying and partitioning. ; He dwells at
'length on the scheme of giving, bounty
lands for service in tho army and the ex
cellent opportunity afforded the people of
obtaining Government lands of their own
for homes, v
tanta of th« central portion' of the conti
nent of North America and also the ways
in which the formation of a new people
takes place. He calls attention to the fact
that, "the. study of the expansion .of; the.
.American people must not be ponflned to
territory. • Trade, invention, the- arts, edu
" cation of the masses.' the comfort of the
people,: the aim and scope^ of the church,
the Ideals of citizenship and good govern
ment—all these have expanded'with' the
Increase; of territory and population."' He
bears these lines carefully: In mind, and
In his descriptions of the various periods
of transition through which this country
has passed dilates at length upon the dif
ferent heads as given above.
An explanatory note follow* :
Henry Oeorse related , thit Incldect t» Dr.
Sunn E. K<-lly la m. conver»atloa In TVi|j| n
3y 3- G- Aaihrop.
THERE ha« Just been published a
"Life of Henry George," by his son.
Henry George Jr. Mr. George Jr.
is deserving of the highest praise
for the able way In which he has woven
together the Interesting facts in his fath
er's life. He writes with the greatest fair
ness despite the fact that his subject is? his
own parent. He allows his relationship
In no way to Interfere with exact state
ment »n<l of course his kinship is of ad
vantage inasmuch as he is ablfi to give
\:s a vaft amount of private correspond
ence and matter from the diaries of his
father which otherwise we should not
have.
The life of Henry George reads like a
novel. Aside from the special interest
which w*» of California must feel in h
man who spent *o much of his life ir>
fcctive work la San Francisco there It
much in the book that will appeal to the
Trader who knows Henry Georpe merely
through his writings. Such a one cannot
Jail to delight in the opportunity of learn
ing something about the private life U
ibe man who wrotts "Progress and Pov
erty." His experiences nnd early life
v<--re placed upon just the lines nee-C!«Rary
to develop the material which he after
ward po ably cxprc-i<-ed in his works on
political economy.
This book appeals to us of San Fran
cisco, for It contain* much in the way
cf letters to or from Henry George whicn
intimately concerned the affairs of people
of this city !n those cayf. It answers th- :
doable purpose of eivtng affairs In the
life cf b man whom we car. call our own
find a!?o of presenting excellent pen
pictures of the stirnr.g early days in Cal
ifornia.
Henry George wa.s born in Philadelphia
!n 1«&> ar.d at 14 years of age stopped po
in£ to school. His education was ac
qulrrd lafr by an immense amount of
r'a1:r.g. He had a gieai lonp'.np for the
era and at fixtecn managed to take <
cruise as foremast boy on the ship Hin
doo. boi:nd for Melbourne anil Calcutta.
The happening? aboard ship "revealed to
h'.m the tremendous pnw«*r.« fnr tyranny
the navigation laws put into thp hands
<.f a captain and this was to inspire a
re:r.arkabl<> fjtht lor sailors' rights in
yiars to come."
Upon his rctrrn home he learned to*' set
type anu his work among the printers
¦wae cf the greatest benc-nt to him. 1:
created *n him the habit of Introspection
ar.d brought hirn into contact with a clas
at tsen who pessess a vast amount of
go«d practical kr.owK<ipe. I.at»T he maii
apf-d to get to California as ship's stewar-1
cr storekeeper on the Lighthouse steam^i-
Ehubrkk. Arriving iher* he thought at
going- to Oregon, but the Krazer River
«xcIterr.tT>t turned his thought? to mining
liett'rs with r.o succefs he returned Uj
Fan Francisco with the intention cf agaii.
takirg to the sea for a livelihood, bu*.
changed his rr.ir.d. lie got occasional
vctk in the pri-t'.ng offices. At one time
he drifted into the interior for two months
and 1c2.Ce a hancl-io-rr.ouih living as u
Trarr.p ar.d farmhand. V»ut soon came back
lo the city end had varying luck in ob
tii'.r.ir.E work as a compositor.
At tbe ape cf -1 he was Going pretty
wtil ar;6 it was thfn that he met the
jroccs Judy who was afterward to become
h> w.fe. She was aiready engaged to a:i
esiTtratie >our.g man. but this d:d not
£e;^r ycur.n George from making a de
vcim'.ncd clfcrt in the direction that his
heart dlcmied. Fin:t!ly matters came to
e tr!s!«. • Both cf ti".e young people uii
ctrttood prttty well the condition of each
oihtr'e :nincs. bet Henry George was
hanUy in a position to warrant his asking
h v.facn to phare his lot. At this time
he uas o^t cf all regular employment.
The ur.de cf M:ss Fox objected tot the
cult and told jcUJij, George not to come
lo t!.e house again unt.l he could shew
mote cv.ce:u;e of prosperity.
Mcth cr tiiat nisht Hiss Fox *:>*nt pray
:n». t»n<l next r^rnlr.s. December I. 1*51— a
it::.p cut it* ea.d that .phe would :»i longer
rerrx'.r, ur.der Urn rocf cf V'.ther o: her uncles
ar.C h«d rwcixd to ro to Lob An^el** an<J
cccc;i a r-«itlin c* teacher in the echocl of
Hit t.tters cf Charity.
The fCXBX riatt eald. "If you go I'll not
r.ee you." ta uUkh the gi:l replied that sir.-.-e
¦SmI m£4 r.ct etav w!th her relatives in San
ricr.c:«3C »ie saw ncthin; else to do. The
your; r^an drew from hit pocket a slash
ctia. •Annie," raid he solemnly, "thst is all
tbo rnenry I have In the world. Will you
roe r tv Me?"
Ehe cravely er.sTrere4. "tf ycu are m-llling to
unSeruk* the respontlbil»tic« cf marriage 1
Vfiil n:arry vcu."
A=d such was the wooing ar.d winning.
Leckefi nt from a worldly standpoint it
vas certainly the bfclffhl of foolishness.
yet ore cannot but admire the pluck and
uncomplaining fortitude with which both
these young people stood by their bar
rain In the dark days which were to fol
low.
The Georges went to Sacramento and
there their first child was born, a boy,
•who was named 'after his father. Sir.
George had done pretty well in. the first
year of his marriage and had managed
to pay most of the old bills contracted in
Ban Francisco. Now. at odd hours, he
«?n<i«>avored to pick up money In any hon
orable way. At one un« he hired out
as ticket-taker for a lecture given by
Mark Twain. Like mjet Californians in
thc6e days he could nut resist the fascin
ation of gambling In mining stocks with
the usual disastrous results which gen
erally followed ventures of this kind.
Finally the little family, returned to San
Francisco and -then began the darkest
days they were to know. Fortunately for
them it was the darkness before the dawn.
but while It lasted it bordered close on
trageoy. Mr. George writes in his diary:
I came near starring to death, and at on*
time I was so close to tt that I think I
chould have dor.* ao but for the Job of print-
Sr.c a. few cards which enabled us to buy a
little cornmeal. In tfcls darkect time In my
life my second child was born.
The frightful sufferings of the family
are best told in the author's own word*.
After such an experience as this It is not
to be wondered at that Mr. George's deep
est sympathy was ever with the poor and
that he believed povertv and crime ar»*
not always. Inherent faults of unfortunata
mankind:
The tabr CftRi» at 7 o'clock In the tnorn-
Jr.r ef January Ti. 1865. When It waa born
the m-ire heard the doctor say "Don't stop to
wa*h the child; he It starving.' Feed htm!"
After the doctor had irone and the mother and
ba.br had fallen avleep the husband left them
alone in * the house, and taking the eldest
child to a neighbor's, himself went to his busi
ness In a' de*oerate '" state of mind, for his
wife's condition made money— hum money an
absolute and immediate necessity. But noth
ing came Into the office and he did not knew
where to borrow. " What then happened he told
rlxteen years subsequently. . \
"I walked along tbe street and made up my
mind to set money from the first man whose
appearance might Indicate that he bad It to
rive. I stooped a. man— a etrancer— and told
blm I wanted ts. He aaked what I wanted It
for. I told him that my wife wu confined
and that I had nothing- to rivs her to «aX He
rave roe the money. It he had not I ¦ think I
waa desperate enough to hare killed him," -
pie" is published by' Scott, Foresman &
Co., Chicago. Price $2.
Favorite Texts of Famous People.
"Favorite Texts of Famous People, by
Frederick Barton, contains the favorite or
notable texts of over 400 persons, to which
Is added by the contributors or author
some 200 or more Interesting Incidents
concerning texts or Bibles, both Involving
the use of over 300 different texta. Auto
graphs of eighty of the more prominent
persons contributing axe .distributed
through the book and also collected on
four pages, there being added over forty
autographs of English men of letters,
many, of whom are quoted in connection
with texts. Among these are autographs
reproduced from reliable sources of John
Milton. William Shakespeare, Ben Jon
son, etc., while among the autographs of
contributors .of texta and Incidents are
Leo Tolstoy. Charles Dudley Warner. Al
fred Austin. Edward Everett Hale, I.
Zangwlll, Chief Rabbi Adler. Henry M.
Stanley, Edwin Markham. Secretary Long
of the United States N'avy and many
army and naval officers of the United
States and England. F. _B. Meyer and An
drew Murray, J. Hudson Taylor, Wu Tins
Fang (Chinese Embassador). Andrew D.
White and other Mlntsters and Embassa
dors, Charles M. Sheldon. Governors of
Alaska and Hawaii, Ian Maclaren, Rob
ert" Burdette and scores of poets and
authors, and. In fact, men from all walks
of life. The contributions of some are
classics and the book makes very inter
esting reading. The indexing is arranged
so that it Is convenient for quoting by
Sunday School teachers, members .of
young people's societies, and it should be
a gold mine for ministers.
One of the chromatic illustrations is the
"Holy Night" and the other is a reproduc
tion of the first page of the Mainzer Bi
ble published in 1462. the translation being
very. Interesting.
The. book contains 273 pages and the
price of the regular edition, bound in tea
green.and. stamped in gold or white is
$1 25. • A gift edition bound in white and
gold and stamped in purple, gilt top an-1
rough edges, $2. F. M. Barton, publisher.
Cleveland, Ohio.
.The Fugitives. -
Here Is another novel founded upon the
trouble in South Africa; "The Fugitive?,"'
by Morley Roberts. War always afford:*
a fine opportunity for strong scenes that
appeal to the majority of fiction readers.
The beginning of the book finds the dra
matis personae in England. Two daugh
ters of the Middleton household are en
fraged to be married: one to an officer In
the- British army and a prisoner in Pre
toria, and the other to an ex-officer. The
duty of effecting the escape -of the Brit
ish officer from the Prctorian prison walls
falls on this second lover. He has been
at one time a resident of the Transvaal
capital and therefore is familiar enough
with the country to warrant some hope
of success on his part. He finally suc
ceeds, after countless adventures. In lib
erating the prisoner and together they are
able. to make, their wav through the Boer
¦ lfriea'to Klmberley. Many historical char
acters; are Introduced to add Interest xo
the story. (Published by McClure. Phil
lips & Co.. New York.)
Nervous Breakdown. .
Albert Abrarns. A.M.. M. T>.l (Heidel
berg), F. R. M. S-. is the author of a
recently published pamphlet, "Nervous
Breakdown." The subject is treated In a
scientific way. but not above the head of
the average reader, and in these days of
busy workers and brain fatigue It shoull
be found helpful realinff. The author
carefully considers the various causes of
nervous breakdown, classifying and ex
plaining as he proceeds. He then dwells
at some length on the general symptoms,
afterward* taking up the special symptoms
and suggesting the treatment for cases
from various causes.. (Published by tho
Hicks-Judd Company. San Francisco.)
The New England Primer.
GInn & Co. have just put out from their
Athenaeum Press a carefully prepared
facsimile of "The New England Primer"
from an original published between the
years 17S3 and 1790, and now owned by
G. A. PllmDtnn of New York. The last
sether with 'a. "resume, of the development
of l literature and . Intellectual growth, as
.well- as tho'proBrcsslon In modes of travel
and "communication: ./The Oregon expan
sion, marks another step in the territorial
growth rind the' general advance west
.ward. A memorable occasion was that—
the -first breaking of the Oregon trail In
June, 1843, when 200 wagons and 1300 head
of cattle made their r perilous way from
,.Westport. near .where; Kansas City now
stands, to tbe. vast wilderness of Oregon.
Then follows r. the", acquisition-' of Texas,
the conquest of California and the Htrug
•gle for Kansas. and Nebraska. Professor
Sparks closes _wlth some remarks on the
increase of well-being; among the people
and the beginning, of; a colonial system.
The ; following .footnote.' given in connec-
| tlon with the text may\'prove.a source of
,surprise to ¦ many • who" - have merely a
; vague Idea of theva^'triesa'of our colonial
possessions, but '•'have never consulted
actual facts and figures: V
'¦ It is impossible -ais-lyet to rrasp fully the
Immensity , of .;'thnf American colonial posset
s'rnB. . The extent and population of the sev
eral .parts are thus estimated: . .,
¦ ! . . square . Popa
,' Country— " -. Miles. latlon.
Alaska ,........: 621.409 '- 3I.05S
Hawaii*... .', ./... 6.470 10S.MO
I'lillipplnes ....>. 114.358 ' 8.025.0OO
I'crto Rico... 3.388 813.937
Cuba ........'. 43.319 1.G31.6S7
Totals ...'.......: 6S8.922 10,611.630
The territory ' is nearly double that of- the
original thirteen States;., the' population ' is
greater than that of the whole United States
In 1S20. The retention of Cuba In the above
table l« prophecy based on human nature. ¦
, : As a close student. of history and the
, development, of nations Professor Sparks'
prophetic" opinion In the cloeing chapter
,of his book cannot be without Interest:
• To the student of the larger politics the cul
¦ minating point in the territorial expansion of
•*thr American people, made possible by their
• eoclal expansion, is found in the- spread of
Knglish Fpeech. The English of th.e Americans
" ba»< already reached Asia to meet- the Eng
lish of the , parent country coming: from the .
opposite direction. It means the beginning- of
the world , division on lines of language and
trade if not entirely on race affiliations. Hav
* lnc thus entered, on the new era of worM pol
itics the inherited land-hunger of tl"» S?xon
will manifest Itself more and , more arvii maK»
c<: -operation with the parent country •asier.
Ii is safe to fay that the United States will
tf In at tbe seographiral. or. what is usually
the first stape, the commercial, division of
China. She has sufficient damage claims upon
Turkey to be Interested there. In Africa alona
of the foredoomed countries the has as yet no
interest, but.lt may come - as unexpectedly
as have some In the 7:1st. ....
A study of the map of the world whereon
Is' depicted the' land possessed by and that
threatened by the people of English speech is
¦warrant for a prophecy of the coming reign
of that language and the people- using It.
The only geographical competitor is Russia.
That the United States will succeed in every
respect In this new role no one expects. She
has not succeeded* In governing- perfectly b«
Ireland and . England as the special cor
respondent of the Irish World, the great
Land League movement being foremost
at that time in British politics. His writ-.
Ings and lectures were as of old,- straight
from the shoulder and by their strength
made for him many friends and enemies. ;
Hls.,trip abroad did him at least" this
much good that "when. he returned / to
America after a. year's absence he cam©
back "i»retty^ near famous." He 'was
wined, dined and talked and written
about to his heart's, content, for he con
sidered. It meant that at last the truth
was to* spread. Some three years later he
found out, however, that many who vmg
THE- SUNDAY ' CA^LL.
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
4
<".urtrr the winter of 18S1-18S2. In proof that en
vironment has more to do with human actions,
and especially with so-called criminal actions,
than we Kenerally concede, and to show how
¦.cute poverty may drive pound-minded moral
men to the commUflon of deeds that are sup
posed to belong entirely to hardened evil na
tures.
The diary notes commence, acaln twenty days
after the new baby's birth and show that tn"
*trurs> for subsistence was ftlll continuing;
that Henry George abandoned the job printing
office and that he and his wife and babtea had
moved Into a smaller house where, he had to
pay a rent of only $9 «. month— Just haJf of hla
former rent.
Here is ft. rortion. of th*,t diary whldit? ITTLE Marie Aknighito Peary,
daughter of the famous explorer,
, otherywbite^child in the world, dur-^
Ing one of her.father s expeditions to nnd\c
the pole.' Her: birthday occurred on Sep.
ternber 12, 1S93, at Anniversary Lodge,
then Lieutenant' Peary's headquarters In
Northern Greenland. - ,;,
• Twice since Marie has visited the coun-
try of her birth.-once In'the'summer of
1&97 and once again this year. It was on
July 20 last that-Marie; and her: mother
sailed from, St. Johns. N.F.,' on the .
stanch ship the Windward.to join Lieu-
tenant Peary in the frozen north. /
But-it. is principally with her visit In
1897 - that: these ¦ few . lines are» concerned,
Her arrival was the signal of a great eel-
ebration among the Eskimos, who bad
not seen her since she was 11 months old.
An Eskimo named Keshu was the first
Marle In her arms. He recognized the
hild at once, notwithstanding the chango
that a few years had made in her appear
ance, and • he.danced "about her so vigor
ously in his excess of delight and kept up
such a succession of shouts that Marie at
nrst was somewhat alarmed. But perhaps
memories. Ion:; forgotten.-came back to
her and soothed her feara.
Keshu was quickly followed by all the
inhabitants of Cape York who were abla
to jump along the ice, and .they gathered
In a ring around" Marie, their faces shin
ing with pleasure and all ejaculating In
chorus. "Na, na. nana. nana!" which Is an
Eskimo greeting of welcome and expres
slve of great delight.—Ledger Monthly. .
Little Hiss Peary Was Born Farther North Than
Any Other; White Child in the World.
Itlvely in the way of prolonging human
life— the most valued, the only' thing of
real worth In the who!e of our posses
sions.
In a negative way science has done
something, for it has conquered diseases
which interfered with life, but for the
normal body, healthy to begin with, fort
unate and without accident or disease,
fcience can do nothing, and is powerless
to arrest Its steady inarch to the grave.
f It - is well known that the' body has
the power of renewing Itself; that every
seven years each one of its molecules Is
replaced by a new one. Thus there Is
no reason why an old body should not
be £s good as new. Sharks and some
other Inhabitants of the tea. as far ub
Is known, have no time limit set upon
their lives, but live and grow until from
v*ry bulk they become fco unwieldy -that
they surpass all of their, prey In slzo
bo much that it can dodge and escape
their clumsy motions.' Then, weakened
from lack of substance, they In turn ar«
attacked by smaller but more vigorous
enemies and destroyed.
Science ha* taught u« to feed ourselves
for mu&cular strength, for warmth pro
ducing, for brain work, but for life pro
ducing there has -been found no food, be
. cause we do not know what life Is.
It Is a notable fact that migratory ani
mals, and particularly, birds which rpend
their summers in the north and winters
In the south, seem never to give, evidences
d old a»c, and certainly no person bu
In the coarser cells of the Batrachoseps
the working of this force may be studied.
Its true nature discovered, and In time It
may be brought under control as steam
and electricity have .been.
reality— merely that the energy has de
parted. So in the human body It is the
unseen energy which has the, real strength
and does the work. .
ing box. It can be freely moved about la
the invisible vapor. According, then, to
both sight and feeling, there, la nothing:
there In the boiler. Yet this tmfeelable.
invisible something that we call steam,
can move the lifeless parts of the engine
w/vh " a. power which ; will overcome all
earthly resistance, crushing rocks and
scaling mountains. A yet more Intangible
force is the electric current 'which ener
gizes the dynamo, doing Its work when
properly adjusted and controlled without
noise, heat or any form of atmospherlo
disturbance. Shut off the steam, stop
the electric current, and the engine and
dynamo are both "dead." No more
dead, though/ than ; they were before- In
.'The engine itself ; has no power. The
steam in the' boiler Is Invisible. If a stir
ring rod is . introduced through a pack-
What adds more interest to the search,
as far as the popular, mind ¦ is concerned,
- is the fact that the life principle Is now
supposed - by the t most advanced scien
tists to be a ponderable agent— a thing
having a concrete, existence capable of
being ", measured . and possibly controlled.
• ¦"According to these 'recent discoveries it
la the 'potency of this life spirit that
moves. our bodies and enables us to per
form our^ labor; that the. muscles are
, mere inert and powerless tools, Incapable
of movement, in themselves except as
'. nToyr^ ¦•*;v " this "subtle fluid.- which is ln-
Vvislble and intangible. To illustrate this
.the steam engine is taken as an example.
hypnotism and otAer mental forces, has
opened paths which may lead to results
in regard to our knowledge of the won
derful lite principle within us that will be
accounted .the " most marvelous accom
plishment of all. time.
the answer, and remember that each mis
doing will snap brie of the 'little fibers of'
the none-too-sturdy thread of life." I."
Until the study of these large-celled lise
ards was commenced; it -had seemed as
though the search for tho essence of life,.
Its nature or origin, was hopeless. :
more ' the" subject was '• Investigated '^the^
farther away it Beemed. as' difficulties]
arose not singly but in' ever-broadening
vistas, plied on' each other as 'mountains,,
range upon range, -where the .^traveler, i:
as ho accomplishes' the ascent of each
cmlnence, ; Is confronted: by. half a dozen
higher, and • more distant which were : all
unsuspected .before.
So little, » in : fact. : Is known, of : life that
itr is, not possible to even 5 Intelligently,
theorize upon it.. -\" '• , ',,
¦"¦ It ¦ Is difficult to I conceive how. little we
know,', for t so much has been" discovered
recently that it seems as though"' science
had; every thing; In '; its grasp, yet '¦ the "very
simple ; question of .whether , the 'earth is a
molten globule . with, a ¦ thin; crust ; on lit,
or a solid suhere of moderate coolness, ia
: yet 'unsettled. .When such very plain and
; material, problems as this are yet to be
solved. It Is , no wonder, that the impon
derable agency 'we. call, life, Is 'still In an
unknown . realm •;' awaiting the 'i coming of
some pioneer discoverer.
*, 'With -next' spring.' when the Belgian sci
entist arrives ; here, will ¦" begin ¦ the 'most
Important: experiments: In; biology that
j been!'' made. , .The -work ; of ¦ re
cent*; years In chemistry of vegetable and
animal , substances, in electricity of ; the
rarer forms, and particularly in teleDathy.
Professor Le Brae of Ant
werp Will Come to Cal5=
fore la to Solve '.the
Flystery of Life. .
Next cut out numbers 2, 3, 4 and 5. Cut
two of each In order to save time, as both
Bides are exactly alike. Baste them upon
1 in order. If there is any extra length
Overcast strongly with buttonhole twist,
as most of the Strain comes on the steel.
The eleven-Inch strip is numbered 1.
First of all. make up your mind before
you start out to shop what color you want
your corset to be. The girl at the ribbon
ewn daftness for damages if, after read
ing these directions, you can't produce a.
corset that any tailor In town will be will
ing to fit your next suit over.
Is not writtpn for the woman of
dross reform. It has no interest for
i her who prefers to wear a ;»otato
Back gathered about the neck. For
it's all about that bewitching little pick
pocket, the French corset, and how to
koop your money out of its hands.
You non-reformers who listen, how
many times have you seen your purses
collapse when the French corsrt hnd laid
hold of them? Twfive or fifteen dollars is
nothing to sper.d for that Lit of steel aii'j
ribbon and lace. And if you are one whose
purse flattens faster than it fills t then you
have seen the time when the cost of a
corset left you hatless or bootless or
EO-.-nJess. All because you must have the
perfect Parisian outline.
Of course, you must. Who blames you?
But did you know that you can have it
for the price of $2 35 and an afternoon's
labor?
"Tape," you say. No, not tape, by any
means; but satin ribbon, the best on the
market. Tou may have ~uch a corset ss
Van Ness avenue is- paying twelve or
more dollars for. and at such a price as
makes you think that something Is wrorp.
But Just try and see. Come back on your
cour.tcr will not be able to tell you wheth
er you prefer pink or blue. The ribbon is
to be a double-faced satin, two inches
wide. Be sure it Is heavy to avoid stretch
ing out of shape. You will need flve yards,
at a* cents.
Don't economize on your lacing cord, as
a silk one costs only 25 cents, and the rib
bon demands good findings. Ten cents'
worth of whalebones Is enough Your
stf els need not be bought; take them from
Romn old corset, in which they have
grown to fit you. Eyelets will have to be
punched, at the cost of 23 cents. A leather
dealer will do the work neatly. Now
then, If John Insists upon seeing an item
ized account, ought this to shock him?
Five yards ribbon at 33 cents $175
One silk lace ~. 25
"Whalebones ; 10
For punching eyelets 25
Total X $2 35
The chances are you have sewing silk
in the house. Get it out and you are
ready to begin.
If your steels are too long, file them
down. Eleven Inches is the required
length. .
Cut ribbon to same length in half and
cover the steel3, the corded edges In front.
lap the top and bottom pieces or 2 and 5
over the center ones. This makes the
proper curves at the bottom.
The side piece or 6 comes next. Cut four
of this kind, as they are doubled to gain
extra strength. Put together In the same
way as you did the front pieces, number
6 lapping over 4 and 2 over 3.
There are only three pieces that form
the side back.
Baste 7, S and 9 to side. part 6. lapping
7 and 9 over 8. -Now you are ready to use
the last and third large piece, or number
10. Fit the, pieces upon 10 as they were
fitted upon 6. The fullness, which is made
by the small pieces," form3 the necessary
fullness to flt over the hips.
After the side is well basted together
stitch on the machine. '. This must be done
or else you will be forever in a state of
ripping.
At this stage of the manufacture the
front steels are the only stiff part of the
garment. Stitch the sides or number 6
into five whalebone slips, about three-
fourths of a- Inch apart, and cut the
whalebones down to flt. Insert and. turn
over edges.
*The back or 10 la divided Into four parts.
Be' sure and leave the second space from
the back vacant. This must be used for
the eyelets.
The finishing' touch is ready. Make
what is left of your ribbon into the most
chic bow that you know how to make
and catch it In a Frenchy, flyaway fash
ion in front. . If you have any friend In
the millinery business get her to make
the bow, for bowmaking Is an art that
few amateurs ever master.
If you must have more frllla and fur
belows, a yard of lace and baby ribbon
may be stitched at the top of the corset.
Liace at 40 cent* will do very well and
still keep below the three dollar mark.
This corset will flt any waist from twen
ty to twenty-six inches. If It should prove
too large, number 6 may be trimmed off.
"Who says we can't copy Paris fashions
upon our home sewing machines?
¦jfte perfect as % (Jei?
uii^e pari5iai7 Bit of
pollou// jfye^e Dir^etiops
a9d U/itl7 a i||i§|l||i
You <Sai) '5 au ?
7T\o9ey.
HERE! YOU CAN MAKE A FRENCH CORSET FOR $ 2.35
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5
ever seen one suffering from the feeble
ness of senility. In fact, they appear to
have no death except that of accidental
or Intentional violence.. 5 r,
Life, the dearest of all of our posses
sions. Is, for some unaccountable reason,
the least prized. A man willalways risk
his life to save his hat and court apo-'
plexy to -recover a collar button.
With certain death staring us all in the
face, who is there that gives any. time to
the care of his body with the object , of
preserving its life and usefulness? Wo
paint our houses, cover our guns with
rust preventive, varnish the pictures.
sheath our 'ships '. with copper.' and tar
their rigging— all. to the end that their
Inanimate substance may bo preserved.
But our bodies that have earned us., all
we have— the only home of our soul .on
earth-rwe leave them.^ to . be preyed upon
by weather and time, and seem to take
delight in-" torturing our-corporeal frames
with clothes Jkii&t Incommode and hinder,
with foods that poison, or; at best 'half;
nourish and corrupt;. with" drinks that ln
flamo and rasp, with numbing narcotics
that short circuit the nerves, waste their
precious life currents and wear out the
human dynamo. --Nature Is indeed kind
to us to" permit alf this and stlll^ work
faithfully trying to repair the damage;
but she does take a. little satisfaction in
giving uk twinges of pain as a: reproof.
Do not blame your luck, then, when some
thing hurts you, but say, rather, "What
have I done to bring on this deserved
punishment?" Think and you will find
Continued from Page 3. .Copyright. 1901. by Quail & Warner.
g~|r— >HIM acthoriesses , ar* th' divil. Mrs.
McGlaggerty." "-:. * *
il "Troth'n" tliey ar', Mrs^Magoogin."
'Th' ! owld by's gran'mother k'ud'nt
iiowla a candle'.to.thlm, Mrs.' McGlagger
ty." ¦:¦--...-..-. •-
'.'No, lndade, sheknd'at, Mrs. Magoog
in." ' . • " ; . .; 'v ... ¦¦ . -
"Listen to, fwlmt wan av. thim's done
now, me frind." sa!d T the widow, si nklng
into narratal mood.s "A ploomn little
pithogiie av a craythur that sings in com
ical op'ry ;' vinu Into . a 'rcsturrong, ur a
calf, hh me daughter Toozy sez, fwhln she
dhrops . aff into Frlnch, an'-, takln' art . a
dolmlnd belt; fronT? about .her waisht' she
laid Id " aside fwhojle' she ¦was / aitin'. bo as
to make more room for the corn ' bafe an'
cabbage, I Bhuppose, an"' fwhat ' dez 'she
do but lose It, Mrs. , McGlaggerty. The
doimtndsin ltswar as thick as th f ;lo6raps :
av butther in butthermilk. an' they do say
th' belt -was wurth.uvry pinny av tin ur a'
hundhert thousan*. dollars. Begorrj', but Id
was a molghty dear dinner. to me,folne
lady.; An' in a bang-up, 'shwell, bong-tong
place, too, Mrs,, McGlaggerty. an' Broad
way abow, f where they, charge forty- r
nolne cents a plate for oicecream.,an\ ye
can't close yermouth an a portherhouse •
etake -wit'out payin*. th'proice^av a house
an' lot 'for. It, alanna;_Now aff ; id' happint
down In th'>Bow'ry fwholle she was fillin'
her cossets wud red hots ur. pork an* bains'
I wudn't molnd it so;mooch; d'yesee,.be- •
kase annybody/that Id go.into a Bow'ry .
calf wud; a , doimlnd belt on Id be taken' ,-.•.
her. lolf e in ; her : hands \ In these harrud I
toimes, • Mrs.', McGlaggerty." But 'abow an
Broadway,- fwhereT-thV'.Yandh'erbilka'f an'
Ash tors an* other" people that ar* ro wlin
In wealth ' haves ' their : dally_ promenades, ;
begorry, It's too mooch; yis, Indade, 'in
tolrely ¦ too mooch, -me frind! It manes
that, none av our doimlnds ar". safe any
phe're, Mrs. McGlaggerty. ,An* 01*11 have
to take molneout a vth* kitchen shtove
¦ an'- j put y them *back in th' owld brokln-
Bhpouted . tay kittle agin, an' that's all.
But mebbe she didn't lose thlm at" all*
Mrs. McGlaggerty. .Mcbbe she. had sooch
a gud appetoite.' mavourheen* bein\ as she
has no . ¦work to. do an' no salary comin*
In. that she'r.te too mooch an" had to S | n a
the dolnslnd belt around to a pawnshop to
hock' fur noine or tin dollars, all th'ey'd
give her on it. Mrs. : McGlaggerty. Who
knows • but fwhat it's that that happint,
m© frind. - Upon me , sowl, but . It's quare
to me'fwhere thim acthorlesses, get their
doimlnds an' their', dolmlnd "belts'- from
fwhlii ye'hear tell ; av bo many av thlm
that can't pay their boord, Mrs. McGlag
»ertari" : iOHN J.JENNINGS.
WIDOW MAGOOGIN
»wxt moment he was shouting for Mrs.
Bowser. She came rushing downstairs
to find the cat grinning with delight and
Mr. Bowser as red as paint, and he. waved
the bill up and down and demanded:
"Do you see this? I gave you butcher
money, and what' have you done with
It? Spent it for novels and gumdrops aud
run me in debt!"
"You made that bill yourself one'day
last week when you ordered chops. You
had a $10 bill, and the butcher couldn't
change it. Don't you remember?"
"Never! Never!. I never ordered chops!"
"But you surely did. It was last
Wednesday night, and you said it was
English mutton-'*
noor with a crash and rolled over wltn
his head under the lounge. It was a long
minute before he got out and sat up.
There en the floor lay the guilty butcher
bill, and there on the piano stood the In
nocent cat. gazing down upon him. but
Mrs. Bowser had fled and left no tracks
behind her.
c ¦ m ¦
Most of the province of Tsechau. China,
is underlaid with large coal beds, and
the coul area is said to be greater than
that of Pennsylvania.
— '.'There. Is nothing. wrong. with you," an
swered Mrs. Bowser, • laying aside her
book and rising.
"There have beer, yes, a thousand
things wrong with me, but there will not
be : hereafter. When I have played the
crank and the kicker and the fool, why
haven't : you ' hired some one to boot me
all over town?" \
'T must go upstairs and shut the win-».
dow." she replied as she moved away.
The idea was that If Air. Bowser was
or .the, coal., is gone.' eleven minutes too
soon, I'm not going to jump up and down
and charge you with being the most recic
less and extravagant wornan ever born. .
."Fifth — I shalj. bring home a crowbai
to-rnorrow, and the very first time I get
one of my spells on I shall expect you
to spit on your hands and hit me across
the neck.
VSixth— I shall invest in no more tramps,
lost dogs, spring tonics or fire escapes,
but behave myself like a sensible being
That's all. and now give your old hubbj
a kiss and let's be happy.".
Mrs. Bowser embraced him and told him
he was *as good as gold and then used all
her power -of persuasion to get him to
sit dcv.-n.to his cigar and newspaper aga'n.
She couldn't accomplish it. however. HI*
conscience and his enthusiasm '• being
arouspd, he couldn't keep quiet. .He wasn't
satisfied with being good, but hg" wanted
to be very, very good.
"How on earth you managed to put up
with a. husband' like me : . all these- years
Is a mystery," he said as he walked to
and fro, w-ith tears in his eyes.
(Copyright, DM, by C B. Lewi?)
ALL was peace and harmony in th«
house of Bowser. Dinner had been
disposed c.f. and the Bowsers sat
reading and the family cat lay on ttafl
hearth rug and Blowly oper.ed and shut
her eyes and purred in contentment. By
sr.4 by Mr. Bow«er laid down his pap^r,
heave-1 a «=igh of satisfaction as he looked
around, and then said:
'•Mrs. Bowser, New Year's day has come
and gone."
"Yes." Fhe answered.
"At the beginning cf the neV year most
people look back over the last twelvo
months and call up their shortcomings
and determine to avoid them In thi
future."
"It Is what they call 'swearing off,"
Isn't it?'
"Tes. It has pot fo that everybody
pokes fun at the man ¦who makes New
Year resolves, but nevertheless it is rieht
and proper that one should decide to do
this or that to better things. I didn't Bay
anything to you on New Year's day, but
yet I had several things in mind."
Mrs. Bowser looked at him and felt a
flight chill pass over her. If he had de
termined on any change of conduct it
¦would end In a riot in less than two hours.
"No; I didn't pay anything on that
€ay," he continued, but I'm going to say
something now. I have firmly and fully
ma.de xiv my mind to do dllTerent in- cer
tain matters, I Fhall make my resolves
right here and now. Mrs. Bowser, do you
know I've got to be an old crank— a
blamed eld crank, with ears a foot long""
"You are nothing of the kind," she pro
tested. "You get out of ports now and
then, as <UI husbands do. but that's to t>«
expected. There is nothing you need feel
conscience stricken over."
"But there ara dozens of thicks* Tt»-
left alon© for a quarter of an hour he
would calm down and a row would be
avoided, and five minutes had passed,
end he was growing calmer, when the
busoment bell rang; and in a minute or
two the cirl brought him up a bill. It
was a bill from the butcher amounting
tC 27 cents. Mr. Eowt;«r Jumped clear off,
ths floor at ha looked It »v«r. and th«
The cat stood with her back humped up
and a wink in her eye. In his desire to
make splinters of something Mr. Bow
her rushed for her: But, strlklr;sr a foot*
¦tool, be fell over It and cama t» th#
"Crank! Crank I" he shouted as ha
Jumped vn and down and flourished th«
bill around. "I was never a crank! I
am not c crank now! I give you money
to pay cash down. I give — "
"Woman, here ts th» incontestable evi
dence!" hoarsely whispered Mr. Bowser
as he thrust the Mil under her nose. • "I
give you money — millions of money— and
you squander it and run me in debt!
What sort of a wife are you?"
"I thought you had resolved to quit be
ing a crank," she quietly remarked.
THE' ¦;sUNpAY_J:CAMi^
MR. BROWSER'S TRIBULATION
HE MAKES SOME AFTER NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTIONS
6
¦Tm.an t oi«i crank and a kicker^and a bul^
'"dnK^r.'^Ajbout^four 'nlg-hts out ;nf seven:
I come home ready for a row. , If nothing
felse is wrong, Ifind a shirt button on the
.floor ar.d use.lt -as an excuse. .' By gum.
'but when'lC think, of the rows I have
Talscd over nothing I wonder that you
liave not stabbed me with a poisoned boiK
kin as I slent.C The fact that you haven't
simply proves that you are one of the
sweetest and best little women in all tn<>
vorld."
, "You have done nothing." she reiter
ated, '"and so there is* no need of any
new resolves. Was there any late news
of China to-dry? 11
"I don't know anything about newi;
from China, but I do know that I'll nvike
a change in myself or hire some jackass
to kick me to death. Mrs. Bowser, I've
been an old Iallaloo."
'•In his agitation Air. Bowser got up anJ
began gesturing, and the cat grinned to
herself and saw fun ahead.
. ''What's a Jallaloo?" asked Airs. Bow
¦ »er. r "• ¦ *;' •/¦¦, •'.'--< /
¦ j
"I don't know, but, It's something pizen
mean. : , Now. you ,look . at me . and hear
me as I say from this time on:
: "First— I'm not going to rip and roar
iround when I .find a clothespin on the
ioorstep. ¦ ¦'-. ,
"Second— If the beefsteak Is overdone
and the coffee not up to the mark, I'm
yoing to keep my mouth shut." . . ¦,
"Third— If you discharge the cook, I'm
not going to interfere and make a jay of
pysolf.
I -FourUv-4X tLa sag bill Is 15 cents extranothln* but a dinner gong and something
that squawks l'ke a chicken that's about
to get next to an axe." '-
"Quick!" whispered the. boy, as the
music gave vent to a crescendo screech,
accompanied by a sound like that of four
victims of delirium tremens trying to car
ry a piano upstairs. "They're starting the
Chinese version of the 'Star Spangled
Banner!' It's the custom for all Ameri
cans in the wudience to rise to their fc et
and sing the English words. They play
It as a pretty courtesy to, us. and we must
reciprocate by singing, as we seem to be
the only Americans here."
~ Before the hoy was through speaking
tne old groeeryman was on his feet, the
fire of patriotism in his eye. For an
Instant pandemonium reigned, for neither
orchestra nor singer , would give : way.
Each" was performing" at full power, and
the result was somewhat as fallows:
Oh, (<ay, can you '*«—
Wh-o-o-o-o-p! Squ-e-e-k! BAS'G!!!
By : the dawn's early — Bang-te-Banjr, —
SQU-K-K-K!
What 8o-Wh-o-o-o-p'.— ly we hailed at— 0-0-0-
BANG!' . • - _ • • ¦ *•-. '
At this juncture a short, thickset man
emerged from the box 'office, thrust bact
several Indignant Chiisamen. grabbed ihe
old man by his coattails and depositavl
him, with a thump, on the bench.
"De hayseed In you3e's' hair's went to
your brain, I gueBs!". commented the
bouncer as he. walked away.
"Don't mind him!" whispered the. Bad
Boy as the' old groceryman glared sus
piciously at him. ''Hit's . Minister Con
ger's nephew and he can't bear to, hear
any American return a Chinese compli
ment; after" th«r way^ the Boxers treatel
his Uricie'Edwln." " " ' ' (
: VOh." that'* th» trouble, eh?" said the
MR. AND MRS. GEORG HENSCHEL SOON TO BE HEARD IN SAN FRANCISCO.
f=^HE musical people of the town are
II getting a .warm welcome ready, for
11 Mr. and Mrs. Georg Henschel.
The would-be musical p«*ople are
less excited. They could not at first see
much In the Hensehels because these
artists have not big. showy voices l:ke
the grand_opera people and they do not
come to town with' two-score trunks and
the blowing of many trumpets. They are
such a quiet two. without any bluster
about them in the way they leave the
ferry or In the way that they step,casu
ally out upon, the stage. Still- even the
would-be musicals are beginning to realize
and. preparing to appreciate.
But those who are fully aware of the
treat in store for them are the people
who don't. care whether a thing is called
big or not, but pimply love the music that
reaches the hearth These have heard and
have been moved before *; by . the sweet
musical gems these artists sing, and they
want to, hear again. .
By the: way, did you know -that Georg
Henschel made his name as first director
of, the famous 'Boston symphony. orchcs»
tra? Iligginson. the- -"father of music".ln
Boston, . conceived th<? " Idea .of the . suc-
Cessflil posKlhiMtles of a permanent or
chestra, and; lie picked out Henschel as
the man to"" direct it. He - gave him .full
swing. ' "Choose the personnel yourself,"
Hlgginson sail to hlrri. "Pay. your men
what you think- fit and arrange your own
programmes.". .>'.,.¦ : , ¦ *
JHe made* no mistake In placing his con
fidence, in Herischel. .Unlike many artists,
Henschel t has" practical ability in' manage
ment, and he buHt up an orchestra, of
good men:' The soloists were strong: trie
organization as a'. whole was strong. For
three splendid" years he remained at the
head'of this body and made his own rep
utation through them. • ,' -.,
Ae.we of the West know him we cannot
separate him In thought from, the organi
zation 'of 'two and a piano' that 1 has be
come, known to "us as ."The Hensehels."
We do not'.wanrto know him in any other
¦way. - It 13; good to learn that; we shal» .
once rmore hear = these :togetherJ : \ .,
"Well." hazarded the Bad Boy. "I hap
pened to be passing here yesterday, and
1 saw a long line of children coming tt
the front door. Each would hand the pro
prietor something and get paid for It. On«
of them carried a dear, purring, fluffy lit
tle cat. Another had a St. Bernard pup.
A third brought a whole trapful of fine,
plump rats. Then a fourth had"
"Say," Interrupted the old groceryman,
laying down his chopsticks and pushing
back his chair, "I guess I've ate about
all 1 feel hungry for just now. That shop
boy, or Chinese hash, or whatever you
call it. Is fine, but it's Just a mite too
rich. Too many things in it, you know.
S'pose we loiter 'round to that Chinese
theater you was telling me about."
The Bad Boy paid the bill and they
made their way around to Doyers street.
He paid a Celestial box'offlre man sev
enty cents, and they entered the lovr
ceiled room and sat down on a Lench.
"Will you get onto that orchestry!" ex
citedly whispered the old man. V *T*in't
speak of it! I shall change mine, o/
course. I wouldn't disappoint you for
anything.— Brooklyn Life*.
"Grigsby took his Boston terrier over
1 and had him vaccinated the other day."
"Did he have himself vaccinated, too?"
"No; he doesn't believe In it. But he
saJd he wouldn't take any chances with
the dog." — Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"Junson has developed into a confirmed
kicker, but his wife can handle him every
time. He kicked last night because his
dinner was cold."
"What was his wife's play?"
"She made »t hot for him."— Brooklyn
Life. ¦;;/:_ ¦ .
| Eleanor— No, I can't bear college the
atricals. I can't bear to see a man lake a
woman's part. " >'V/^]
Rosalie— My goodness! I think It would
be cowardly of him if he didn't. — Phila
delphia Bulletin. _____
"Don't drag my name Into print in con
nection with this absurd affair," cried the
indignant citizen; "but if you do.be sure
to spell out ray middle name In full."—
Cleveland Plain Dealer. ~
The man looked up and saw "Exit" on
the door. ' - /
"Well," he- mused, "that lets me out."—
Syracuse Herald.
If an umbrella were made of only one
rib, like a. woman, you would never be
able to shut it up.->'ew York P«h.
relieved gToceryman. "D'ye know,- 1
thought. Jest at first, that you was up
to some of your old tricks again."
''Say!" went on the groceryman. after
watching the staze for a moment. "I
don't catch quite all the local aloosion»
In this play, and I wouldn't be willm* tT
put up even money either way as t3
.whether it was a play or a opery. From
the musicians and the way the acton
squeaks I opine as now It's opery; but
from the way the audience kicks I guess
it's a play."
"Your last guess Is right," answered
the Bad Boy. "It's a play, and I'll tell
you the name of It. It's a Chinese ver
sion of 'Uncle Tarn's Cabin.' "
"And I s'pose that profusely illus
trated female on the left Is little Eva'.*"
conjectured th#» grocervman.
"Yes."" ,
"I do declare!" shouted the' grocery
man, with 'ai' wriggle of Joy, "I b'lieve
she's lookln' at me!" , .
/'So shJ Is!" agreed the boy. "You'v*
made a hit. Why hot go behind the scenes
and ask her to take suoper with us after
the show. I'll set uz> the wine."
"You bet I will," assorted the old man.
"I'll go round right now and, what's mora,
I'll steal & kiss. sure. See. she's Just go
ing oft the stage. So long!"
The eld groceryman vanished.
The boy hunted ui> the bouncer, garo
him $5. explained that the old groceryman
meant no harm, and sent him around to
look after that aged Lothario.
Threa seconds later, as the boy stood
at the stage entrance, he heard, a wild
commotion, and the old groceryman
peared, traveling at the rate of sixty
miles an hour. Across his mouth was a
smear of pink grease-paint. His coat was
torn and a handful of his whiskers was
gone.
In his wake rushed an Infuriated Chi
naman, grasping the missing bunch of
whiskers in one har.d and brandishing a
flatircn In the other.
A dexterous trli> from tha Bad Boy'»
foot sent the Celestial caroming 1 into th*
gutter. Just as the bour.cer came on ta«
scene to restore peace.
The first words the old groceryman
could summon up were addressed to tha
Bad Boy.
"You may not believe me," he groaned,
fingering his chin, whence the whiskers
had flown, "but I'll be ttctotaJly gol
blasted if that there measly little Eva
warn't a MAN!"
(Copyright. IS"!, by tne rress r*ntm«irar
Company. New Tork World. All right*
reserved.)
DIT> you ever hear of Chinatown?"
asked the. Bad Boy a few morn
ings after the arrival of the old
pTocerymun and himself in Now
York, and when amicable relations be
tween them had at last been restored hy
means of a sort of informal truce.
"I saw a show onoe with a name some
thing like that," replied the old man. "It
•was out In Milwaukee. I'd been reading
Tip about China, and I thought 'A Trip to
Chinatown* would be a real instructive
show."
"Get that idea of Hoyt's play painless
ly extracted from the thing you are Jocu
larly pleased to call a brain V'laughed the
Bad Boy. "In New York's Chinatown
there are no such beauties, and if there's
any dialogue that could rouse tbe blush of
modesty to your youthful cheek it will be
6pcken in Chinese, and 1 fancy you are
just a trif.e rusty on the Chinese
language Just now. Here's my pro
gramme for the r.5ght: I suggest that we
drop down to a Chinese restaurant in
Uo:t street i<~ dinner, and then wander
around to the Chinese theater In Doyer*
Ftiect for the evening"—
"And Fit through an act or two."
chimed in the old groceryir.an. using a
metropolitan expression he had picked up.
and of which he was vastly proud.
Seven oV.ock p. m. found the two enter
irg a darl" railway on Mott street.
•¦^rrellf kir»..i of like a laundry." sniffed
the old sroc-tymaa «s they mounted a
Harrow stairway.'
"That""? K'ause they v.ash and iron
everything I* lore cooking it." replied the
l»oy. "• »h. they're a clean race, are the
Chinese!**
At the tip of the stairway was a door.
Opening it, »**ry found themselves in a
ca:r>et:ess mom, lit wiih oil lamps, strewn
xvitn tables ar.d with Chinese lettering on
frr v alls.
A few fat <>ie?tials sat about some of
the tables. The Bad Boy led his charg-*
to a taJ'Ie n^ar the window.
# >- yVc!;," 5TitJ tbe boy, appealing to the
clw Tiian. ">hat do you want? You do
the <• rc'orinj;- "
"I— I." began the jrroceryman, hopeless
ly scanning th« Chinese letters— "I guess
I'll have a little corn-beef, or— here, you!
Do the nrdenn' yourself, can't you?
When I look at that crazy till of fare It
seems to me like 1 was orderln' a national
hymn. Tell him what you want."
"Charley £jn." remarked the Bad Boy.
"two twenty-flve cent chop suey, one
liowl rice, two bowls: one* pickle duck,
tv>o lychee nut — you savey?"
"My:" praised the old groceryman. ad
xii.rJngly. "you talk like a dinner be'L
Where ri'ynu learn it all?"
In due times the order was served. A
lacquered bowl of steaming, fragrant
chop suey. flanked by a twin bowl of
rriovry rice, was placed in front of each.
and Frailer dishes equally eccentric in
sspect dotted the rest of the table.
"The heathen ain't brought me any
knife nor fork," complained the old gro
ceryman. "and what's these here black
pieces of wood for?" flourishing a pair of
r>o"i?hed ebony chopstick*.
"Tbofe," replied the boy. "are Chinese
toothpicks."
"1 feel «s if I'd as lief eat with a pair of
oars." complained the latter, probing
wild'y at his chnp suey with the twin
sticks. "They put me in mind of a pair
of castanets that's been training down to
the featherweight class. But maybe I
could play a tune on 'em better than I
can use them for eat In"."
Suddenly a brilliant Idea struck the old
man.
"Gee, but I'd be a fine man to have on
a desert island!" he murmured as he
f pea red and transferred to his mouth
fugitive pferes from the dish. "But
when it comes to eatln* the rice. It'll take
loads of practice to stab each grain of It
the right way. Fay! this chop suey's all
light. What d'you suppose It's made of?"
SOME FUNNY ONES FROM EVERYWHERE
Still the best society held her at arm's
length.
"How <3o you know," asked society
with a cold sneer, "that your husband
has genuine gout, rather than mere
rheumatism?"
"Because," the woman replied dlgnlfled-
Jy. "he has carried a raw potato In his
pocket for two months now without get
ting well."
At this they were abashed, and many
thenceforth invited her to their 6 o'clocks.
—Detroit Journal.
"The Boston girl I was engaged to
picked me up on erammar before a. week
had rassed over our heads."
"You got off easy. The one I knew
corrected tny Knglish while I was pro
posing to her."— Chicago Record.
Tigs— There's one good thins . about
these college yells.
Win?- What is it?
Tigg— They can't sing those glee, songs
wiiile they are yelling. — Baltimore Am
erican. '
"Cook, do we need any necessities for
the kitchen?"
"Tes'm; I'd like a Roman chair. on* of
them Venishun lanterns, an' some more
pfllers fcr th' cozy corner."— Indianapolis
Mrs. Pe"nblos£om— Do you know, our re
ceptions will fall on the came day?
Mrs. Wltherby— How good of you' to
T.HE SUNDAY CALL..
7
PECK'S BAD BOY TAKES
THE GROCERYMAN
TO CHINATOWNHAZING at the United States Mili
tary Academy Is full of meaning
to the r.ewly arrived son of a great
general or the relative of a fear
less naval officer. The cadet "plebe"
whose name has gone before him is a
marked man. The old adage that "All
men are equal" is observed more prac
tically at West Point than in any other
square mile- of territory in the United
Butes. The cadets are democratic, and
they love to change the color of blue
blooded miutary aristocracy.
L';>p«ri class men haze cadets at. the
present time out of a high sense of duty,
it leQuires a trivia lniauiuauoii u> picture
cadets forcing tabasco sauce, plates of
moiiifes or cord oaths upon tneir teiiows
with the single wta of benefiting their
comrades.
"It shows what stuff the- 'DlebeiV. are
made of." say the hazers In indorsing
their customs and traditions. ¦ ¦
Forms of exercising wens abolished by
class vote about a year ago.. Public sen
timent became so strong against the acad
emy that the cadets themselves deemed It
expedient to give up tnelr cherished but
exhausting "wooden willies," "eagles,"
"choo choos" and 'stretching." An were
cruel forma df iiazirg when carried to ex
cess, and the student movement was In
tenaeo. to reieeate them, to the past.
Fighting and bracing were retained, be
cause they are considered part of the
vital education of a soldier.
• Ever}- wenk that has ever been con
ceived by any fun-loving set of young
men has probably been tried on the past
and future generals of Uncle Sam's army
during their "plebe" encampment at West
Point. What army officer has not per
forcied one hundred "eagles" in the shad
ow of the walls of old Forts Clinton or
Putnam? "Kagling" is the raising and
lowering of the body while resting on the
toes by bending the Ieg6 at the knee Joint.
It is accompanied by a motion of the
arms. Upper class cadets who have been
»een by tne tactful officer whlle~they were
putting a "plebe" through "eagling" have
been court-martialed and dismissed.
"Wooden willies" are continuous gun
drills. The name has been handed down
from class to class since* the regime of
an unpopular superintendent at the acad
emy, who was persistent about the pre
cision with which the gun should be hand
led at drill and dress parade.
The "choo choos" bring the handsome
cadet flat on the ground. He doubles up
Into a crouching position and shambles
across the grass. In "stretching" a
"plebe" hangs from a support. His full
weiKht is on his arms: ,
"\\ eJ= T Point men, must be cleanly.
"Plebes" are frequently put through all
the rude forms of a Turkish bath. In
their hot tents on a warm summer day
they are sometimes wrapped in blankets
and heavy rain cqats. Then they are put
to bed till • they have perspired freely.
Their own comrades line on both sides of
the crxnpany street. Buckets of water
are placed In their hands. Down the
ttrcrt runs the excited "plebe." The up
per class men urce him on. He runs the
paumlet of the bucket brigade and retires
to his ter.t for a "rub down" amid the
chef rs= of his hazers.
Former Cadet George Mason Lee, the
tson of General Fitzhugh Lee, is remem
bered for his part in a "plebe" bath. He
ie now n lieutenant In the army, but Is
fctlll remembered at the academy as
"Slam" Lee. The lieutenant's cadet name-
Fake Is a CLlncse la.',. ¦¦•>;¦¦* n dL ' r 'j'i'~p:1
Falls.
THE SUNI)A Y CALL.
Cadet Philip H. Sheridan Jr., the eon of
General Phil Sheridan, rode a broomstick
down the company street during his
••plebe" encampment. In 1838.
•"Turn- boys, turn!" shouted Cadet Sher-
The 'dips' Included falling on" my hands
and .knees j and raising ¦ and lowering , my- >
self on the ground. One exercise was usu
ally followed by another. .They never last
ed more than six or seven minutes.
to go to . a' hop ' at I Highland ' Falls to ap
pear at. a certain place., . ' -,. ::,,••
"The .upper • class • men- also - required me
to do work -for. them. I'.was, required" to
exercise ' by upper ¦.. class - men because I
ftiade blenders. I was required to- sit^on
n locker with my feet out and holding In
filan clubs In my arms because I did not
do what I was told. •
"Cadet H. S. Smith was dismissed for
hazing me In September, 1899. ¦ He ordered;
Xne to say* what Is known eb .'teck and to
?ro through 'eagllng.' I was also ¦ punished
or submitting to It."
"Were you engaged In any hazing dur-.
Jng the last encampment'?' he. was asked.
"Yes; I made the 'plcbes', ask' foolish
questions of people. I made them 'brace
•and required. their services." -r -vr^; ¦»•>«
» DouglasMacArthur, the son of General
IMacArthur, who Is a student at the head
of the third class at West Point, described
fhls hazing and Its effects. . .--¦-.*.•
"I came to the academy In June a year
ago. I was hazed. I took the 'turtle' and
•made It go through the formation of pa
rade, the turtle representing the battalion.
VI r had- to fo- through 'eagllng' and
•wooden willies/ X kept them ut> till I
became ¦ slightly exhausted. The up
per class men required me to take a sweat
bath. Several of us "plebea* were placed
in a tent, the walls were - dropped and
the bedclothes were wrapped about ' ub.
We remained lying 1 ; down with the
felnnkets over us for fifteen or twenty
inismtes on a hot dajr. I 'was required to
hanff on a stretcher with my toes off : the
floor. I became very tired. I had cramp*
in my muscles and lost their control In
J?«rt through exercising. /. ; •>* A .
hazing took i place r. In . ¦ my tent.
; Vhere . axe • two ; reasons ; for harlng^nrst
• amusement, and | second the desire to re
duce a man's rough edges. It Is the only
way to polish the ¦ rough edges > of
: tnen who come from -.the country.
% ' It requires about a week to , take the
: conceit out > of t the 'plebes.' They -are
quickly cured.',' - - : -'
Cadet Hobson, : brother of Lieutenant
¦> Hobson, • had a , trying '¦ experience In Vtho
sinking.; of the . Mertimac."^ . He was
ordered to plunge Into a bathtub and sink
small floating chips. *¦¦ " ' "•: -" ".• •
"Where are. you?" he was asked. •
•T/Thls Is Santiago' Harbor,';, he was;ex
pected to •. reply. , ¦ •
' "What are you doing?" he was.' next
' asked. . • ffl^HMWMBBgBjRtH^^BE^^^lPt
. "Sinking theMerrimac," he said, as he
ylurged the chip again below the surface
of tne water in, the bathtub. ••-"/.'.
Cadet Hobson was also . the central
figure; In a, West' Point kissing bee. lit? .
was told .to give a "i-iobson" to the trees
about 'the eamr». ' At this command he"
fondly embraced " riant oak and pressei ,
his l!rs to the rough bark..
i-"\Vhen I went to the Naval Academy in
878," said . ; Lewis Nixon, "hazing of a
hurtful nature even then a thing,
of the past. ¦Wh'le in former years
c-.dets had been made to sit in dan
gerous positions, on window sills,
drink ink, jump into ic8 cold .water
and I? partly smothered bttween
xr°ttress«*s. the punishment had been s.t
irvere upon conviction that the hazing
hnd degenerated. into a mild form of run-,
nlng or badgering that served more than
anything else to bring cadets into cer- .
tain lines of traditional procedure.' and.
When a ca.det showed a disposition to com
fil* with .tne. unwritten laws' regulating
he status of a fourth class man he could
go through the first year without any. In
convenience, -and certainly without being
subjected to any physical mistreatment.
""A fourth class man. must say 'Sir' to
upper class, man when communicating
with him in any way, and in order to fix
this in his mind he is kept sirring almost'
constantly during hia first months at the
ncademy. , He will be made to say 'Sir*
between every •letter r when spelling his
name, and in a little while he Is fortunate
if he does not use the word when talk
ing to the mess'bo''s.
"It used to ; be that ~ plebes. or fourth
class men, s were not nermltted to drink
milk during the first half year. I entered
during the summer, and having the run
;of the academythat summer when all the
upper class nien- were away, we drank t
milk as we -liked. When the term began
at the first meal in the main mess hall I
remember seizing the m'lk pitcher an.1
pouring out. a glass. As I drank it I was
transfixed • by : a cold stare from a second
class roan ¦across the table. In a few
minutes all the pitchers on the table were
.near me, and. I had to drink milk till I
could hold no more and could eat nothing.
1 1 «s learned t my 'less.on and took no more
milk during., the , forbidden season.
¦ " ¦' "Beyond being made to sing a nursery
ditty or climb a wardrobe. I saw nothing
-.; that could even be calleU hazing during
my four years at the academy.'
"It must be remembered that obedience
to authority Is one of the most Important
lessons taught at Annapolis. Young men
. come from all parts of the United States
¦ Whether r chosen by competitive, exam
ination or lucky enough to be selected by
• his. Congressman, the young man is a
: picked boy ¦ and an object of envy to his
associates. So,. while we cannot always
say that he comes spoiled,- at least he
can.be said to be elated, and his sudden
bringing down < to earth is of vast service
to him. : • . :
"Boys are quick to size up one another
and If . there . Is any; weakness It, will bo
shown up. and if one is found to be lazy
- tricky, cowardly or given to shirking
it is apt to be driven out of him and
he will be all the better for it.
"I remember a class that entered short
ly after mine that was very slouchy in
carriage. The third class took them in
hand ;ind ' every one wnen he appeared
was seen to have his little fingers on the
seams of his trousers and to march with
, head up and eyes to the front, and thi*
was kept' up to such 5 an extent that this
class was -afterward notable, for its mill
¦tary carriage. This might be called haz
ing, but it was a good thing for them.
"Can hazing be stopped?;It can, easily
, Let , the -. superintendent . be -• authorized to
. ' : ' :v--; •¦ : -->
cause each cadet to pledge himself on his
honor not to haze while a cadet and the
practice will cease.
"Should this be done? I personally thlruc
not. -I believe that when not carried
to a hurtful degree hazing, as it was
practiced at the Naval Academy when
I was there, taufjht many useful les
ions of patience, self-control and
obedience."
Rear Admiral Henry Erben. a graduate
of the United States naval academy at
Annapolis, In the class of 1S54, said:
"Only mischievous pranks are played at
the naval academy. When I was a naval
cadet they held mock court-martials and
sentenced chaps to certain ridiculous pun
ishments.- We often s»ent fellows forward
to 'pay their footing" by eatlne two
chares of 'duff.' Even midshipmen would
of ten take - part in the Bport. and send
'Jacks' aloft, there to threaten to put
a rope on them unless they would prom
ise to treat the crowd.
"I remember one new cadet at the
academy whom we ordered to stand sen
try on the 'scuttle butt.' He was not to
allow any of the 500 men en board to take
two drinks of water from the 'scuttle
butt.' That cadet stood In full dress uni
,form. with his sword at his side, for sev
eral hours, while every one else had quiet
fun at his expense. ,On another occasion
a cadet spent a sleepless night because
he had been ordered by the upper class
men to answer the captain's bells.
"The sons of prominent men. get
the worst of hazing. They are generally
made to do extra duty at Annapolis. tWe
loved to 'rig' them. • They were often put
on ridiculous posts, with orders not to
leave until relieved. The hazing lasted
for two or three weeks. I never saw any
fights. Cadets are young at the naval
academy, and Jhelr pranks are more boy
ish. I should say a chap named Booz'
would make a fit subject for hazing on
account of his name."
Rear Admiral Sampson, commandant
of the Boston navy yard, had this to say
about his cadet life:
"In my- experience at Annapolis — as a
student, in 1857. and as superintendent of
the academy from 18S6 until 1S90— there
was no.flagrant Instance of hazing. There
was no case like the recent one at We3t
Point. In 1S57, my freshman year, the
cadets practiced what was called 'nigger
fieaing. The significance of the term has
never been'culte clear to me.
"The custom was for upper class men to
catch a man asleep and set upon his hand
Bfcveral pieces of broom straw about an
Inch long and then set fire to them with
a\ candle. The straws would burn down
to the flesh," and then the freshman would
wake up .with a start and all the fellows
would have a good deal of fun over the
experiment. You see, that sort of thing
was perfectly harmless. Compared with
several kinds of pranks in colleges in re
cent years It could not well be called
'hazing.' I went through the experience
of 'nigger fleaing.*
"I think that hazing, as reported re
cently at West' Point and in several col
leges, is brutal. , Especially . the prac
tice of forcing a little man to fight a
big. man should be discouraged, al
though it it not much worps than
making, freshmen clean .tents and
black boots for old-r men. .
. "Of course, as long as the new man is
not maimed or injured In any way the
hazing practice does not become a mat
ter for public attention; and, I'll admit;
the cadets at West Point or at Annapolis
'mar set much wholesome enjoyment out
of It all. But there Is always the possi
bility of carrying the thins too far. and.
therefore, I don't mind statins that
I bclisve that all forms of hazinj
should be stopped."
Rear Admiral John O. "Walker, chairman
of the Isthmian Canal Commission, en
tered the naval academy in ISoO.
"Hazing at the naval academy was un
known -when I attended the course." h«
said. "It Is true that I frequently toughs
classmates who had Insulted me or who
thought" themselves aggrieved, but thera
was no hazing in the Dense that tho word
Is now employed. After leaving the acad
emy. I was on several occasions sta
tioned there, and no instances of hazlnj
then came to my attention. It seem* to
me there ought to be no difficulty in
stopping this practice. The imposition.
of severe punishment would promptly
end it, and I believe It is the observanc*
of this policy which has prevented. h&z
lng from thriving at the naval academy.'
Captain Charles D. Sigsbee. who com
manded the Maine when sha was blovra
up In Havana Harbor, said:
"Haxlng Is a recent practice ana did no*
exist at the Naval Academy when I wa^s
there. The hnys were wont to 'devil each
other and 'devil' their officers, and fre
quently on board ship a S2-pound shot
would be sent rolllnz down the deck for
the purpose of havlnj? the officer In chare*
call ui out of our hammocKs.
••SomeUme- a cadet did not act a* po
litely as he should have done to his su
periors I recall that the Navy Depart
ment on one occasion directed the super
intendent of the Naval Academy to . invea
tl-rate a report that a Patrician Leagua
existed at the academy. After Inquiry In
to the matter the superintendent called
up 1 yoSSSter and asked him If he- wer«
president of the Patrician League.
" 'No sir.* was the reply.
" Then what i3 your position, sir?* -wnm
th .?.l"2 S?8S* High Sheriff, with tha
rank of Prince.' the cadet replied.
"Sometimes the cadets -would en
gage in fist fights, but there -was no
system which required a man of th«
lower class to bs hazed.*'
Brigadier General C. H. Charlton, re
tired, who was In the class of 1354 at th»
Military Academy, expressed the opinion
that hazing at West Point has never been,
as brutal as at colleses,
".Tnere has always been more or less
hazing at West Point." he said. "I recall
that the first time I saw General Wesley
Merritt he was 'marking time. The ca
dets who had ordered him to perform this
exercise were chaffing him and he was
giving them as good as they sent. 'Mark
ing time" was the only physical exercUa
the boys were compelled to undergo.
"Frequently at night their comforters
would be nulled from under them; a pleb«
would be reculred to wait upon his sen
ior, get water for him in the morning .and
I on one occasion, while going to get my
shoes blacked, was ordered by one of or
seniors to take his boot9 along. I obeyed
his order. There was fighting among the
boys, but it was not In the way of tn«
appointment of a champion to represent
theclass to battle with the representative
of another class. -
"In case "of insult, the boy Insulted
would challenge the man ho thought had
wronged him. and no matter what the
relative sizes of tho contestants, they
would be -allowed to settle their dis
' pute. In the hazing at tha academy l»
my time the main idea of tho boys wa»
to make fun. If a boy fltd a mean tricx
he was ostracized, and that was the- ex
tent of his punishment."
r- • . • • - .
8
"The hazing usually occurred at night,
after supper. . I was hazed In my own
tent. The upper, class men came in and
told me to do what they said. I was qual
ified .on 'saffimy' or molasses, also on'
prunes and cabbage. We had a rat funeral
and a 'sammy' race. I made love to books
and instruments at the command of up
per class men.
. "I took part In several practical Jokes. I
was compelled to run down the company
Btrect and call out all the members of the
corps. I bad to attend- 'pleba. soirees,"
where a group-of fourth class men fire all
exercised at one time. One day an order
was given by the upper class men requir
ing all those men who had obtained leave
I<3an as he sat astride his broomstiric. no
was forced to repeat all the lines In tho
poem describing: General Sheridan's
famous ride to Winchester.
Phil Sheridan also participated In a
"bowl race." Several of the "plebes" were
ordered - to take their washbowls from
their tents. Sheridan and his comrades
placed the bowls In a line across the com
pany street. -.Each cadet sat in his own
washbowl. At the word "Go!" fron\ an
upper class nun the 'plebes' half rose,
with the white bowls still in position, and
raced through the encampment. Phil
Sheridan Jr. his a record for one of these
races.
Ulysses S. Grant, the grandson of Gen
eral Grant, was severely hazed at the
United States Military* Academy. He is
now a student in the third class. He tells
this story of his experiences: »
"I was required to dp everything the
other men did, including 'eagling,' foot
ball 'dies' and exercises with dumbbells,
AMAZING "THEIR FATHER'S SONS".manufacture the bricks. Thoro devoted
women have already madp over 100,030
bricks with their own hands. ; il^iJ* _:
""AT recent traveler in South Africa* tells
of Benedictine nuns who have. undertaken
not only to build their houses, but even to
At length he rose, slowly, went to the
door and threw It open. As he stood a
faint, . rosy' tint , crey t 'upl In the eaat. It
was morning. He ran bareheaded to the
low, lean-to atable. The horse he had
ridden the night before, whinnied gently
as he led her outand. # looked at.him In
quiringly^ The morning air was . chill and
frosty and nipped hia fingers as he. tors a
leaf from his pocket tablet and searched
-And in that time that he sat moveless
and * pondering, something ' new and
stronger . grew up inside the selfishness
that he had crushed down; something
beautiful and green-leaved, - that carried
a "perfume and a promise.
. Tn^ wjnnow pane was powflerwf with
faint stars. The moon had set. Could he
ever walk under the sky again and feel
clean? Could he ever look Zeula— could
he ever look other men In the face if he
did this? Should he not wander shame
faced always? ~In that act should he not
malmhls own soul?, ..V:'- r V
He glanced suddenly, at the clock.. Four
hours had gone by since he had first tient
over that scrawled record. Four hours,
and it was Christmas., Day. Somewhere
;the dawn was just breaking over" the
world, a day of rejoicing; a. .little." while
"more and it would break over, the house
which was so 'soon to be the scene of
Joy.
'He felt cold, and poked the charred
logends into the center ~_6t the fireplace,
bending over the embers for warmth. A
'violent shivering caught him and he knew
he was tired and numb. '¦ Then"he drew
his chair nearer and gazed at Aunt Judy's
face. It seemed to have acquired a' new
and conscious dignity In those hours. How
many long years she h&d carried that se
cret! It had cost her a struggle to tell
It.' Only death and that sense of stren
uous family blood and unforgiving feud
which the black learns 'from* his white
masters had dragged It from her^at" the
last. It was the. sacrifice . of "what was
Nearest to her— the happiness ¦> of her
charge, in whom her whole life had been
bound up. But she had done it. He had
come to look at life from a broader view
point. The feuds of petty human 'pas
sion and their . inevitable train of dis
aster seemed a hateful thing. She had
acted according, to her light.' Should he
be less noble, more base, than she? Was
his love for , Zeula such a.poor, little,
selfish thing, after all? . . 1
knew, that the end was not far off. He
searched among the simple specifics ho
had brought, and gave her a' spoonful of
diluted brandy.
It strengthened her and she went on
hurriedly, as if fearful she could not fin
ish:
"You know I belonged to Mars Lee's
paw, Ciin'l Jamison. De time Miss Zeula
was borned he were 'way down to
Orleens an* ole marster 'tended her. I
were dar, too. * Dey Was like brothers—
al'ays rldln' an* flshin* togedderV When
he knew it were a bad case, he mighty
anxious for* Cun'l '¦ Jamison' to hurry'n
come back in time. But'de roads wuz bad
an' had no bottom at '.all, an' he never
do It. De las' night, hefotch me ovah
wid him an' he stay de whole night In da
room. . •. ,..•.;'.—••..
."I scroutch down car by de do', an*. I
hearn her say, so sof'an' weak: 1>octor,
It's elthab m* or do baby I" on' ho say.
•Tea.' An' she say, 'Den' It raui* be m«
ter go!' An' he don' say nuttln'; den, but
I hear he walk iip an' " down an' groan
awful an', say he carn't mek up he m!n'
an' Cun'l Jamison done got ter come. But
he 'don't. Oh, Mars Nelt,' it were terrlblel
I was dar when de baby was borned, but
de pore 'oman she never.know nuttin'^ no
mo'. Mars Lee he , leave" de baby ter me
an* ho icsi walk up an' down ah* he wring
he" hands." ' '
She 'paused a moment to gather breath.
Moncure's fingers were clenched , tightly.
"An" den. *bout a hour, a' ter,- In come de
Cun'l, all ovah mud whar he been' riding
all night ' an' all day ' ter git dar. : f * An'
w^en he eee dat'she;was daid— tie ray«
tur'ble, an' ho take Mars Lee 'by.de ami
ah' he say; 'You let ! her die ! y.Tou hound !
""ibu^dogi you!' ',He doii'' know:, what- h«
sayin' ''tall. ., \.'- \ ¦":• .>"?;-•*¦ ; v ": "'¦¦+[ '-"il-.'^S-i
"An* den" Mara Lee he say it was elthah
her or do baby, an' she choos* barxhlle
to live. An'. Cun'l Jamison he- strike him.
furious an' he call him murderer an 1 he :
tak' two pistols outen de draw'r an'-he'
say, . 'I ¦ give 'you de \ chance ter die i hon- ¦
orable,'?he say, 'even. if you Is a cur an'i
de. murderer of meh 1 wife!' Den dey go]
down aft' out; de : door to the • wagon/ an";
I followed .'"em. v Mars Lee he dldn t ;
wanter.do It. ' -He- was ¦ whiter' n a sheet.;
But he go.: An' den vie Cun'l ; he hole. up
a- white « hankcher. . an'i he say, . 'W'en i :
drop :'dls, you \ flah - at : me, you murderer, ;
. y ou ! ' , So i h"» ' drop 'it,' an* he fire ¦''' hesel f . »
Mars i Lee he Ishoot - up ' In de^a'r." an* - da ¦
Cun'l he ' miss. Den he, go' crazy an', he!
call": Mars Lei ''.thief, an' sneak, 'anVdrunk-i
.ard an' one,: other name. Mars Leo" he.'
sayh 'Nobody never could * call : me! dat; by !
Ooar*n f he flah Jest onct. but' pore Cun'l
hV' fall lak, a log an* v lay still, an' "den
Mairs' Lee ' he drap on '¦¦ he knees an' he
"cry laker baby." ' •;
Th« last words had com* brokenly and
:v.c. ¦ .'*. \- ¦:¦'¦.-¦.
devil of his 1 own self was < tempting him.
He could burn the paper, say nothing- and
all would beas before. Aunt Judy would
never tell-lt again.- Lee was as Innocent
of the past ! as', hff himself. I Had ; this - one
fact the right to lift itself between these
two'Uves? Should he rear if.with his own
hand?; Should he? Dared he?
VWhy ; not? Why.: not? Such a marriage
was unnatural— hideous. It should not be.
It * was his duty to. tell It! j The lurking
tempter laughed .aloud at this and he
sprang- up, pacing fiercely, back and forth
over the cabin floor. , • He imagined Zeula'a
face as she read the scrawled sheet of pa
per. He^could see it'turn white and, her
eyes contract . as ,; her, "hand went; out
against her Jover^-agalnst 'Lee. ; his , rival,
the mariVwbo stood between him arid her—
the'man «h© loved now,', but would hat*^
hate-^lf aheonly^knew. . . .
.- ; He grew suddenly, afraid of his own self
and of tbi i ebadowf. afraid of 1 the atUl
Moncure stood looking Into the face of
- {he old servitor, whose eyes he had closed.
It was longr.past midnight.
-He felt the blood quicken in his veins
with a throb of exultation. It was his,
then! The marriage should never be. He
could have laughed aloud, . even In that
i presence, and "he grasped the crumpled
i papers as a miser hugs his gold. Zeula
1 would belong to him.
] Then all at once he trembled. What
f was he to do this thing? It. seemed in
• that -instant as! if his" own heart' was" a
'deep pool in whose depths he could* see
I evil waiting shapes, craftily moving. He
, drew his breath sharply.; 'He; knew the
with difficulty, end -Moncure 'once mor*
gave her stimulant. It was almost over.
• "Den Mars' Lee an' me we done cyar'ed
de'cun'l's body back to de house an' lay
him down by de pore dald missis an' ev'y
¦body always say how Cun'l Jamison so
crazy ovahhe wife dat he dene gone an'
;shoot I hesclf thro* de head f rum grief.
Mars'; Lee he say to me. 'Never leabe de
;" 1111. mill.' 'an' I guine tek care uv her, an*
' gulne, erway, too.' He go up Norf an" I
never see him ergain, but I know, he done
give de money lef* In trust fer' Miss Zeula.
She never : know 'nuttin' erbout 'it. She
ruvver— know— liuttinV I .nuvver guine
ter tell- till I heard how ole marster.'s own
son gulne ter marry Miss Zeula. An' den
. I know I done got ter tell-^-en you is de
on'y one I kin trus'— you is de — on'y one,
: M-irs'. Nelt!". . •
a <3£> tfOULD you have a beautiful akin?
\J/k// Then you are to avoid saffron
— YJ xl ¦ colored butter. This advice cornea
from no less an authority than
Dr.' H. \V. Wiley, chief of the division of,
chemistry of the United States Depart- •
'ment of Agriculture. Food adulteration in
it9 relations to public health has for years
-been a subject of special investigation by
this expert.
Warning against butter of deep hue has
been given by Dr. "Wiley to the Hundred
Tear Club, of which he Is president. The
object of the club Is to promote longevity.
The doctor, too. has sounded a warning In
regard to a more serious phase of food
adulteration. Mineral salts commonly used
for adulteration by unscrupulous manu
facturers of canned foods contribute to an
alarming extent to apoplexy, with which
thousands are stricken each year.
Esthetic Ideas as to what food should
look like must In a large measure be sac
rificed, we are told. If our women would
have beautiful complexions. There Is lit
tle butter used In this country which does
-not contain artificial coloring matter. Tho
butter which comes on the most preten
tious as well as the most humble table is.
as a rule, of a color totally unlike that o£
the dairy product when it comes direct
from the churn. It is often o£ a deep sat
fron color.
The best natural dairy butter is of a
delicate. light yellow^ or cream tint. It is
only in the spring, when cows are first
turned out to- pasture, that, natural but
ter 'is of a real yellow color. One pound
of artificially colored butter will not ruin
a complexion, but,' toe expert declares, in
Its constant use lies the menace to a fair,
¦clear* skin. -•».:/!;:/: ••
Dr. Wiley explains that dairymen for
merly used tumeric for coloring purposes.
The Introduction of the coal tar dyes.
however.provWed a cheaper coloring mat
ter, and. one of the azo dyes, I tropaelln.
which gives a bright yellow color, has al
most entirely replaced -the yeretable col
oring matter. Tumeric has practically
disappeared from the dairy, and the- syn
thetic yellow. has taken its place.
¦ ' Coal' tar.'or anillhe'dyes, If constantly
taken into the system, even In the small
quantities that give food > artificial color,
will eventualry give tDe complexion a sal
low appearance.- Stripped of its scientific
verbiage, tbe new explanation' is that tha
coloring matter accumulates in the sys
tem and that, eventually . its effects are
shown at the surface. :
. The constant , taking Into the system of
mineral salts, which, are so largely used
In food adulteration, tend*, says this
warning to th© Hundred Tear Club, to
make the small arteries brittle* Were they
not thus weakened - they would often be
able to withstand the sudden shocks and
strains from unusual physical exertion or
great excitement, which in thousands of
cases have caused . lntracranlal hemor
rhage and apoplexy. Many baklnar pow
ders have a largo percentage of. these
harmful salts, end so the members of tho
Hundred Year Club have been advised to
avoid breads, cakes and pastries In which
baking powders hava been used.
Colored Butter
WILL RUIN
your
Complexion.
figure that lay 10 quietly now. Living.
be could : have cursed her for giving up
ber secret. Now It was Ms to smite with
On the rising slope of the last hill h«
passed the station road. Far. In tbe dis
tance grew the train, crawling to Its des
tination. On the station platform was a
group of shifting figures in bright colors.
Some one among them sighted the stand-
Ing form- on, the slope and -waved a signal.
He fluttered his handkerchief. A wom
an's gray-coated figure ran from the edga
of the crowd and waved both arms. Then
the train came In.
As the hands pointed to 9:30 he rose and
put on hta overcoat and gloves. Zeula's
train left at 10. It was a narrow margin,
but enough. . \ ',''.
At the door he suddenly turned, ran
back into the room and tore the sheets oC
paper from hi3 pocket, and squeezing
them Into a crackling ball with his two
hands stooped and thrust them deep into
the center of The red coals. The flames
seized the edgen instantly and licked tho
mass, reaching out hungry tongues for hla
hand. He watched it shrivel and blacken,
turn to fire and fall away to white and
broken ash. A sense of triumph was In
him. As he rose he smiled and threw
back his head with a gesture of strength,
and confidence. Then, closing the cabin
door behind him. he set out on his Ions
walk over the inowy road.
He drew down the window blind half
way and blew out the smoky lamp. Then
he set the little clock before him. on tho
table and sat quietly through the hours.
The morning brightened and flushed to a
* splendid brightness. It painted the wholo
outdoors and crept into the little room.
Two or three- of the colored colony tapped
on the door. Each he told that Aunt Judy
was dead and that he himself would carry
the news to tho Jamisons. Then he re
turned to his seat.'
Ha addressed It to Zeula. tied It with a
loose thong to the pommel, and stepping
the animal smartly he watched her canter
briskly off toward home. Then, with head
bent down and hands thrust deep In his
" pockets. he re-enttred the cabin.
ror ms pencil. He' wrote; laying trie paper
against the saddle flap. In lines 'cramped
and uncertain:
Hav» been called away. All happiness to
you.' A merry Christinas. MONCURE.
Moncure's hands were trembling: as he
pearched the corner of the husk mattress
and drew out a soiled and crumpled
bunch of paper. It was tied with string:,
end a glance showed him that the un
versed writing was yet legible. .Ho thrust
the package Into his pocket- "Tell me
yourself if you can," he paid. The" pallor
was creeping over the aged face, and b»
The r baking hand went down to tha
mattress. "Et's here." she said. "I done
wrote it down de bes* I could. Mars Nelt,
'cause I"f.e feared ter die. It's all dah—
all 'bout how ole Mars Lee done IL" .
A thought caught at Moncure's throat
Lke a fleshy band. He leaned down over
the bed with fearful earnestness. "Tell
me about ft. Aunt Judy." he said.
The old woman half raised herself and
drew his ear close to hex lips, "Mars Lee
c<",t her paw's blood on the name. You
never beam It, 'case I'se the one livin'
¦oul dat knows 'bout dat tur'bl© night."
The pine wood fire was low in the little
cahin and yellow shadows chased each
other alnng the eaves as Moncure bent
above the post bed. with its vivid patched
eoverlnjr.
"Pe all done gone?" the broken voice
paid.
••Ye?, they are all gone. I am the only
one here."
"De Lawd done pent you, Mars Nelt,
•cause I got Fumpin' dat I 'bleeped to tell
an* you 'bleeped to tell It arter me. Nigh
on to twenty years It's ben on meh mind.
I cayrn't die wid It dah. I'se gulne die
ter-nipht. Mars Nelt. I know it. I'se been
bad de las' week, but I cyrn't muss up de
Chrismus fer doe all up to de house. Der
eay Miss Zeula puine marry Mars Lee to
morror. Am dat so?"
Moncure nodded.
"Dat cayrn't never be. He cayrn't never
marry her. Dars blood 'tween dem. Dee
do' know it. but ole Judy do."
"What do you mean?" asked Moncure.
"Why can't they marry?" ,r"
"Oh. no! I Fhall he .glad to go. The
doors •will be open and The dogs know me.
If I should be late I won't disturb any
body."
He held her hand a moment and then
went quickly down the stairs.
"T knew you would go, so I told the
bnys to saddle one of the horses. There
they are at the door now. Poor old Aunt
Judy! She was always so pood to me!' I
do hope it's not so serious: she Is fanciful
ar.d serrns to be so terribly afraid of dying
tho::ph Fhe is so old. You are sure you
won't mind?"
"Nelt," she said, "I hate to send you
out In the cold two miles to-night, but
won't you po down to the quarters and
Ff-f> old Aunt Judy? The poor creature
has been falling very fast, and they have
pent up word that she is worse. Dr.
Thomas lives so far," and I heard to-day
that his wife was 111, too. Do you re
merabfr Aunt Judy?"
"Dr. Lee's Aunt Judy? Indeed. I do.
I'll go over at once, and stay as long as
It may be necessary."
Moncure ?et down the drained glass and
lmned his head heavily upon his hands.
A sudden knock roused him. Zeula's dis
treppod gaze met his at the door.
Toward the end of the Journey Le*>'a
friendliness and engaging candor had be
rnme a galling reproof which he smarted
undr-r. and the sight of Zeula waiting
et the Ftation and her greeting of Lee
vap added agony. Tet a certain curious^
drlipht in self-torture drove him to eeek
thrir company..; --..--. ; :-_....-..
H" had cloaked his feeling In conven
tional mood and made merry with the
rert. He had gone to the woods that day
with the others to gather the preens, and
?o-n!ght. Christmas eve, in the great wide
parlor where he had so often sat with
Zeula. he had Joked as he tied, the privi
lege of the tallest, the huge floral bell,
the symbol of. to-morrow's Joy for the
other.
In ppite of his own natural Justness ne
had found himself regarding Lee In the
light of a usurper, r.nd there were times
when he hated him— hated him because
he could find no pround for hatred— and
c'hT moments when he hated himself
for his own littleness.
From the time that he had climb?d tha
lilacs and mock ornnpe trees with her
f he had seemed to belong to him. When
he went North to «tudy medicine he came
brek each vacation to find her more his
Inspiration and his lording. The land that
had fallen to him adjoined hers. Some
<3«y, he had dreamed, they might be one
tract. But he hnd a long road; he had
been pmduated a year before he had
rOunprd intr. a Fiimmer of practice. He.
;;.,(! heard cf I>ee*p visit to the old home
without m^rivir.g!-. and the letter from
;*>•;!«. announcing her approaching mar
riatre had come to him with a cruel Jolt.
He had summoned all hi? pride and had
m^t It with no sign of heart hurt. It had
FBTirfd a bitter and unnecessary coinci
dence which had thrown him. together
with I/ee on the same train bound for the
Fomhern destination.
He ccu!4 see the dark huddle of tre»s
marking t!*w next estate, where. Lee's fa
ther had lived the laborious llf* of a
country surgeon. As children he ar.d Lw
luid played together. Now he wnc there
to witness thru playmate's tnarrtapre.
Since the stranee death of Colone! Jam
ison had left Zeula an orphan, he had
s ; ecn 1/C-e rot at all and heard of him hut
tddom. The doctor had moved North
and died, leaving his son at the threshold
of his college course to make his own
way. He himself had grown up. side by
side with Zeula, amonc the Virginia hills.
another class and held It up, drop
pine his head back into the chair to watch
the amber pparkles 5n the lamplight, j From
the floor bc'ow rarne wavering" gusts of
ls'ijrhtcr urd clrl3' voices mingled a
llehtcr treble with a dominant bass. They
wtre trimming the house for the Chrlst
rr.np wrddinrr the next morning.
Oreat hf-ap? of wi!d r**d-tverr5ed haws and
dei per laurel had littcrM the hall when
h° and Jx>e arrived an hour before from
the station. Somehow it seemoi worse
to V.im new that lie wa* a part of It thm
h<* >.ni thoucht !t would v be. He turned
his raze to the wide window. A winter
moon phone over th* 1 Shenandoah Valley.
FllverM with snow covered slopes, which
had been eo familiar to him as a child.
THF: heavy door closed and Moncur*
was alone, Razing at decanter and
the empty glasses. He poured out
THE St^AT CALL.
THE LOVE MILITANT BY HALLIE ERMINIE RIVES
9amazing record there are. many : who think
.thsv he : will- easily^ evade them.rJUBt 'as
hehas already so many times evaded the
'police of Spain. ' ; ; . , '
. Aluminum has been one of the coming
metals for a long time, but at last It has
arrived. It is now getting largely int» tha
arts and utilities. Its range Is aU th» way
from a picture-frame to a frylnrpaa.
«ra» NOTICEABLE feature of the China
„: /Ll \ ¦'•¦ newspapers is the "exuberant ver-
of their advertisements.
This is due to cheap advertising
"rates, "as. well as to the flowery. language
of the kingdom. , All sorts of communica
tions get into the papers, but the business
system of Chinese. editors is so admirable
that instead- of airing private, and public
grievances in "letters to the editor." they
are '¦ inserted , in the • advertising, columns,
and thus help the editor to get an honest
living.. . , ; . . \
An announcement Inserted* by a Jilted
swain whose lady love . eloped with Chou
Ling closes with. these heart felt 'words:
; "I cannot control my. wrath and bitter
ness. .. My loved one , has. it is plain. , been
enticed away by this rascal's decett.*How,
I wbnder. can a mere tailor's dummy like
this succeed. In winning her? Surely' he
has not the* law or. justice. before his eyes,
"t is on, this account that I am" advertis
ing. Should ' any, kind-hearted * gentleman
give J me' information, of . her. whereabouts
by.'letterjl, will 'reward;, him with $2!>;
should he bring her back to . her parents
I will joyfully give him $40. I will most
certainly not eat my words. His kindness
and benevolence for a myriad generations,
to all eternity, shall not be forgotten."
A mother .writes to a son '.vho has run
& way from home:
. "If : you delay longer and do not return
I cannot, cannot bear It. and shall most
surely seek an end to my life, and then
you will stand In. peril of death by thun
der. I am now at in'y last gasp,! and the
f amfTy. has suffered . from insults most
grievous.' If you, come, no. matter how.
everything Is sure to be arranged. I have
thought of a .plan by which your father
may ef ill be \ kept in ignorance. My ur e
or death hangs on the issue, of these few
days. Only I pray that all rood people
everywhere will spread this message
abroad, so that the right person may hear
of it. So will they lay up for themselves
a boundless store of secret merit."
Another advertisement for a missing son
says:
"My second son, Hual Po. a boy of ten
der years and no parts/ w«s educated at
home in the country, and had no knowl-
MOST PECULIAR METHODS HAVE CHINESE ADVERTISERS.
edge of the world. Even when we esm.
to Shanghai last year he stayed Indoors
learning his lessens, and never left the
house until September 25. when he went
out to eet cool and never returned. I
ought to say that the boy was altogether
unacquainted with the customs of Shang
hai and th«i character of the people, and,
I presume he has been decoyed away by
rascals for some bad purpose. The gold
charms he was wearing and the silver he
had about him will not. 1 am afraid, be
sufficient for his necessities; on the con
trary, he will be borrowing money or do
ing something of the kind. In that cas«
I will not hold myself liable. Should any
of. my relatives or friends see him I
earnestly hope they will command him to
return at once, and so will they earn my
gratitude. But I shall pay no monetary
reward."— New York Press.
VERILT truth Is stranger than fic
tion, for It is doubtful if in the
weirdest romance a more daring
and ingenious Dick Turpin has
ever been portrayed than is the Spanish
bandit Norel. whom ne police have long
been trying to capture, and who Is now
eaid to be once more in his old haunts in
Algeria.
One day last June Norel.. who was then
in Algeria, quarreled with one of his
countrymen named Linares, and promptly
assassinated him. The police were quickly
on his track, but he easily evaded them,
and nothing was heard of him until Aug
ust SI. wLen he appeared at llarengo.
Again the police "came on him and again
he escaped, after severely wounding two
of his opponents. Soon afterward he was
seen at Cherchell and at Oran. and each
time notice was sent to the authorities,
as he is an outlaw on whose head a price
has been set, but though they tried hard
to capture him their efforts were fruitless.
He next appeared at Alicante, having
cone there for the purpose of getting some
money from, /his brother, whose home is
in that town. When he told why he had
come his brother refused to give him any
money, whereupon the bandit beat him al
most to death and then ransacked his
house of all its valuables.
Norel has already assassinated seven
teen persons and has been condemned to
death on; three occasions. He escaped
from prison -some time ago in- very clever
fashion. First he murdered ¦ the 'sentinel
who was on guaid near his -cell.' Then he
burned the dead man's face so that no one
would recognise it. and. finally, h* put his
own clothes on his vlctlnVs body and
dressed -himself in. the military; uniform.
When the body was ' found e\'erybody felt
sure that It. was Norel's, and when . the
sentinel did not appear at the midday
meal some of his companions remembered
that they had seen a soldier very, like him
hurrying away from the prison. an hour
or. two before, and they concluded that he
had deserted. Yet this soldier ' was no
other than Norel. » ,
On : another occasion the bandit, after
being condemned to death in. Spain, was
placed, according to the usual. custom, in
the prison chapel during . the evening be
fore the execution, and when night came
he expressed a desire to see a priest. His
request was granted, and when the priest
came Norel went with him Into a dark
corner of the chapel, with the avowed ob
ject of making, a confession.
As the priest, however, bent down to
hear him the assassin snatched from; his
hands the heavy-crucifix, and raising It
in the air brought It down with such force
on his skull that the unfortunate man was
felled lifeless to the ground. • The soldiers
on guard heard the oody fall, but they
paid no attention to it,* and /when a man
wearing the vestments of a priest came
toward them from the gloom and,' after
blessing them, passed through the ' heavy
gate of "the : prison they never, suspected
that it was the notorious'; murderer; who
had thus once more escaped the clutches 1
of the law.".
;. The police t of, Algiers are. not' lacking" in
alertness or zeal, 1 yet In 'view of Nord's
A Sandtt Who Rivals \^ Notorious MM Sffipln*
• ..
ber. She met on Market street an old
colored woman, so the story has been told.
The woman stopped her. ,
"Honey, I saw yuh on de stage and Ah
The pearl was given to her when she
was doing something of that sort— how
long ago_nobody bothers now to remem-
If It were not for that black pearl which
she keeps locked, in a treasure box;
Blanche. says she might to-day be playing
thinking parts to a half-dollar audience.
There is Blanche Bates, for instance.
She worked like a drayhorse night and
day. She pinched and borrowed and stud
ied and after long years of hard work and
little reward she was hoisted of a sudden
to the top of the ladder. And she will tell
you that she "believes in pearls."
They are treasured like the Kohinoor,
all because they belong to the people who
rank luck above pluck.
The talismans of the "profesh" are as
varied as their owners. They usually
have a history attached; they were be
stowed by a seventh daughter | or found
on the banks of the Indus. They range
from charmed toads' heads to diamond
heirlooms and their moneyed value may
be as great as that of a gold mine or as
small as a punctured copper.
chanically every few minutes to make
sure It Is there.
Then she will reiterate that of course
there caji't be anything in It. And If you
¦watch her you will see that she feels me-
THERE isn't an ac*or or opera Finder
in the wide wcrld from the preat-^t
tragedian to tue least chorus giil
who treads the boards that has net
a talisman. Superstition is born an<! bred
In them; it Is part of the material of
which the actor is made and he will never
tru-^t his luck without the aid of some
treasured rabbit's foot or Oriental idol.
The odder the talisman the more precious;
a nosering of the far Pacific is worth
many times as much as a common horse-
Ehoe.
"Of course there can't be anything in
It." one of them will teli you, "but some
how I can't bear to be without my Ital
ian garnet ring. It is worth less than
any other ring on my hand, but I would
rather lose any of the rest. I seem to
get along better when I have It around.
It was with me when I was contracted
for leading: lady, and I had lost it when
I was too 111 to fill the engagement. Ev
erything has gone smoothly since I got it
"They say," reflected the maid,
mopping ginger ale, "that a woman
won't tak? »n insult from anybody
but herself."
SARAH COMSTOCK.
"Do you suppose," she cried, "that
a little brown mole could make me
out of a chorus girlf It's talent and
voice and hard work that makes a
successful star. Dog in the manger!"
and she turned on the small and de
cisive red hsel of the Fortune Teller'3
slipper and walked tartly away.
Miss Nielsen ' jumped from her
stool so excitedly that she tipped over
the ginger ale bottle.
Victoria or Ll Hung Chang had stopped
her. to offer 'a compliment.
"You'se got de genius. Ah knows," went
"admlah yuh genius," she said.
Blanche wouldn't have been Blanche if
she hadn't shown good-natured gratitude
at the tribute. \ . -
"I'm so glad," she replied In the same
voice that she would" have "used If Queen
on the mammy. "All yiih need." Is a
chahm. An' I'se got one foh yuh, honey,
I'se cot one."
Thereupon she untied the corner of her
bandana and took out a gold ring set with
a black pearl.
"It's a chahm," she said. "M' ole missus
had it an* when she died she give It to
.me. .'Twa'n't de kin* o" present foh a
niggah, nohow, but she says, 'Sally,' "she
eays, 'yuh allus hev been a peahl o' great
price, an' suah yuan a black one, an' dis
Is a 'propriate present,' she says.
"She allus hed a Joke, even when she
was dyin*.
"Then she tole 'bout Its beln' a chahm
as somebody hed brought to her.
"Ah allus kep'. it, but now Ah wants to
give it to you, 'cause Ah admlah yuh
moh'n apy lady Ah ever saw,~'cept mah
ole missus, an' Ah'm so ole Ah'm goin'
to die pretty soon, an' .Ah've got nobody
to give it to then."
Blanche Bates had always defied the
common -superstition against pearls, and
now this one seemed sent by a special
providence. She accepted the gift and the
giver came to be on her Christmas list.
Alice Nielsen's mascot molejcame to.be
a well-known beauty spot during her re
cent visit to San Francisco. When peo
ple who had heard her chirrup In the Tlv
oll chorus and then in presto-change time
saw her heading her own company, they
asked her how she had done i it.
S "My mole did it for me," she explained.
They looked and saw it. little and round
and brown, just above the left corner of
her little red mouth.
They wondered.
• She explained that It was her mascot.
"It has always been with me," she said,
"and It always shall be. It's better than
a guardian angel or any other kind of
angel. Sometimes a bold photographer
removes it In a negative and I always
of it that I didn't understand. I
could not explain how a vo!ce like the
bird whistle of a Kearny-street fakir
ever came to be starred."
the theater and called on Miss Nisl
een in her dressing-room.
"So glad to see you, dear," they
both said at cnce\
Tne girl sat dovm and watched
Alice. She who had once dressed
along with the crowd was sitting on
a high, stool and being decorated by
her own maid, who is a correct shade
of mode.
"This is a grest contrast," said
the liberated chorus girl.
"Yes, indeed/' replied Alice, hug
ging her knee, in happy reflection.
"Tell me the secret. How did you
accomplish it all?" went on the other.
"Oh, it wasn't my doing, dear; all
the credit is due to my mole," replied
the star, sweetly. "This little brown
spot is my mascot; it lifted me from
the chorus to the stars."
"There!'' exclaimed the girl, "I al
ways said thsre was something back
anything.
One evening she went around io
and still unable to support a husband
•when 2Hiss if ielsen visited San Fran
cisco and had her trunk, which bore
the name of a swell opera company,
cent to the first soprano's dressing
room. This time the girl said that
a pull will do anything.
Later on, the same Alice Nielsen,
who had once been obliged to line
her gowns with rattle-ine, which
can never be told from the real thing,
came back with, new ones lined ¦with
the real thing, which can always ba
told from rattle-ine. Shs headed her
own company.
The girl, who by this time was at
liberty, said that an angel can do
o T is said that there teas once in the
H back row at the Tivoli a chorus
ii girl who made a specialty of say
ing what she thought, and of think
ing dissgr?eablt? things. When Alice
Nielsen tras put into the front row
this girl said that figure -will do any
thing'.
She was still in the same back row
A LEGEND OF ALICE
NIELSEN.
And row all the chorus girls and the
supes and the dramatic school pupils will
look at the pictures of the successful and
wish that they had their charms. And
thereupon might one preach a Ions and
vigorous sermon which is left to the Im
agination. . .
Florence Roberts travels from coast to
coast and has done so for a Ions time,
yet in all the invotved packing and un
packing she never loses track of an old
shawl of black Chanlllly lace. It was her
mother's before her, a treasure brought
long ago from Paris and worn at many a
cotillon of old years.
Nance O'Neill is said to have risen on
the strength of a carbuncle set in an an
tique locket and handed down by some
ancestor.
The secret of Jessie Bartlett Davis* pro
gress from church choir to vaudeville
(only her check books can realize fully
what that progress means) is said to be
a string of Indian beads which & chorus
girl once gave her for a bad debt. The
debt was small and Mrs. Davis' heart
large and she-tJogged the worn-out girl
to forget the borrowed money. She could
not forget and sent the beads as her only
possible payment, knowing that Mrs.
Davis admired them.
Helen Bertram's charm is a little carved
head brought from India. It is apparently
part of an idol ard was brought here In
early days by a ser. captain.
make him out It back. That mol* made
me a successful star."
While she was telling about It en* night
between acts Euyene Cowles rolled In at
her dressing-room door with bis ofT-stage
gait of an upright bear.
""What's your mascot. Gene?" she asked
him, and she winked as If she knew.
"My wife," he bassoed In the voice that
men pay hard money to hear. "She's all
the mascot I want."
Then he produced her.
He found her himself several year* ago
and has kept her about him ever since.
Eugene started on a very low ronnd of
the ladder and his bis voice Is known
now the country over. Something must
be at the bottom of It: as ever, he claims,
a woman. "She boosted me and her* I'
am. I don't know what sort of a fellow
I'd be If It wasn't for her. She's what
I work for."
The mascot Is plump and blond* and
pretty and she evidently enjoys her oc
cupation.
An old silver spoon of her grandmother's
Is the treasure thai Juliet Crosby swears
she dare not part ¦with. It la worn so
thin that its edges cut like a knife. Alons
Its smooth, curved handle runs the name
In ouaint script. "E. L. I. Bloomer."
Patrice, the vaudeville actress, draws
one of the vaudeville world's big salaries.
She attributes her good fortune to a lit
tle bag of snake's rattlers which a gypsy
cave her.": "*
"Let me tell your fortune. lady," was
the greeting, and Patrice felt in her purse
and found more there than she expected.
So for luck she gave it all to the gypsy,
who added to the prophesy a charm to
help fulfill it. The enchanted rattlerj
were sewed in a bag and Patrice wears
the bag to this day.
Zelma Ralston, another vaudeville star.
wears on her watchchain a tiny silver
fish that Is supposed to keep off eviL
Maxine Elliott is said to pin her faith to
a Chinese belt buckle which was bought
long aso In San Francisco's Chinatown.
The letters read "good luck" and "long
life." aa most Chin?se ornaments do. and
it would mean no more to her than others
if ilr. Goodwin had not bought It for
her. She carried it upon her Australian
trip and the gods have smiled openly upon
her ever since.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
back."
10
THEATRICAL FOLK
AND THEIR TALISMANSTHE SU^r?AY ; ;CALL.
11
MA.TOR i. B. POND'S recent book".
"Eccentricities of.' Genius."
stands alone of its kind. No man
living could possibly be bet.er
fitted than Major Pond to give to the pub
lic such an unusual collection of stories
concerning celebrities as Is contained in
this volume, which has recently been pub
lished by G. W. Dilllngham & Co.. New
York. In his position of supplying at
tractions for the lecture stage, during a
generation he has naturally, been brought
into close contact with the leading Peo
ple of the world: and these, his personal
reminiscences, naturally make most in
teresting reading. He gives a side in the
lives of the great ones of the earth that
to the general reader is ever a matter of
curiosity and generally of mystery. The
major appreciates a good story, knows
how to teil one himself and has a memory
that never fails him. His anecdotes are
out of the ordinary. The following will
give some idea of their character:
HENRY M. STANLEY.
HIS MENTAL ENDURANCE.— A storm
3f almost savage indignation against
Stanley had been aroused.
In the Interview of that evening Stanley
R-as absolutely great. There were twen
ty-three reporters present— picked men of
the gTeat newspapers of New York, Phila
delphia, Boston and Chicago.
My rooms were packed. The men were,
all keen ret. and lull of the historical mk
ninrance. too, of their opportunity. The'
interviewers, with ample time to look up
the ietfueB. were prepared with keen ques
tion*, and us he answered others were
called out on every side.;, ¦..
BILL NYE AND JAMES
COMB RILEY./.
THEIR PRACTICAL » JOKES.— I re
nercber when we were riding together. In
the rmoking compartment, between Co-"
lumbUF and Cincinnati. Mr. .Nyewas a
great smoker and Mr. Riley did not dis
like tobacco. An oM farmer came over to
Mr. Nye and said: - ' • ?¦-.,•¦¦ <
"Are you Mr. Rlley? I heard you was
on the train.** .. .] _ .
"No, I am not Mr. Riley. He Is over
ther«."
"I knew his father, and I would like to
speak with him."
I'Oh, speak with him? Yes. But he is
deaf and you want to speak loud."'
So the farmer went over to him and
¦aid, In a loud voice:
"la this Mr. Rlley?"
"Er, what?" •. *
"I« this Mr. Riley?"
"What did you pay?"
"I« thi# Mr. Ril«y?"
• <;Rlley? Oh, yea."
"I knew your f*tb,er."
"So bother."
"I knew your father."
"What?"
"I knew your father."
"Oh, so aid I."
And In a few momenta the farmer heard
Nye and Rll#v talking In ordinary tones
of voice. Imagine his chagrin: /. ¦
MAX O'RELL.
HIS FUNNIEST STORY.-One night he
had been In bed in the Grand Pacific Ho
tel perhaps an hour or so,, when there
came a very decided rapping at bis cham
ter.door. '
"Who's ther«?" called Max ORell. .
"A reporter," came the answer.
"Well, I cun't ece you. now. I'm in
bed." • ¦;.-.
The Frenchman heard his door being
pushed open and the chair which 'he had
placed against it tumbled over Some on«
advanced into the room, struck a match
and proceeded to light the gas.
"Well, well! What'll you have, sir:
what'll you haver* crle/i Max O'Rell, in
dignant at this cool intruder.
The repbrtcr tossed the match into the
fireplace and, throwing himself into a
chair, said :
"What'll I have? Oh, I'll have a whisky
cocktail." J
P. T. BARNTJM. .
HIS ECONOMT.-Theday he arrived at
Boston I met him and Mrs. Barnum,' his
SOMETHING ABOUT;-: " ; .RAT.UROAD' ,.,-DTNTNS ; CARS
THE kitchen departments on railroad
dining cars are run according to
fixed rules," said an old Pullman
conductor, "and nothing is left to
chance or caprice. . The cook is furnished
with a manual giving explicit direction's
for the preparation of everything on tho
bill of fare, and he Is held strictly ac
countable for any waste. He Is even told
how, thick to cut the bread and how
much butter to put on In case hd is mak
ing- sandwiches. Sometimes a hungiy
traveler, who naturally wants big por
tions, thinks the man in the kitchen :t
trying to economize on him,, but he may
rest assured he is getting exactly what
the law allows— no more and no less, I
remember a picture In one of the »atlr-
IcaJ papers a few years ago of -a. fat gen
tleman looking; scornfully at several small
section* of bread and butter. 'What do
you call "those?" he asks. • •Pullma'n sand
wichee.' replies the waiter. "Hu! grunts
the tourist, 'Mr. Pullman- musti cut ''em
out with a* conductor's punch!' W*>
haven't got it down quite as fine as that.
but we como pretty-near it. The kitch
ens' are stocked at regular Intervals and
a careful, calculation is made of the exact
number of portions in everv article fur
nished. .At .the' end of the run an in
spection is made and the cook must ac
count for everything, either in supplies
or meal checks. Under that system petty
pilfering is absolutely impossible.
"The. purchasing, agents who lay in the
stock at • Important ', . points, from which
travel is heavy, are exceedingly impor
tant i members of 1 the company's staff.
They can easily render the dining service
over aaiy. route profitable,' or the reverse,
and Homethlrig more tnan mere"exporl
enco and. intelligence is required .to make
ei- «uccess of r the Job._ The men who have
done | the i best at it seem to bft guided
by a. sort of instinct, but. as a ; matter cf
fact .-they," are continually, studying the
conditions of. travel. They learn what
the general/ run of -their patrons like at
certain seasons of the. year and compile
a curious sort of table of averages that
they use as a basis in purchasing perisha
ble stock, such as meats, fruits and fresh
vegetables.;. There is a line in the Nor,th
west .tnat is known among the dining
car men as the ; 'beefsteak route' on ac
count of the extraordinary call for that
purtlcular prtlcle ofdlel>t and I know of
another that is -. nicknamed . the 'oatmeal
express' for similar, reasons. The oat
meal express carries a good many ladles
and children, and the beefsteak route is
a favorite highway for drummers, so, af
ter a . the explanation is simple enough.
An expert" stock purchaser can command
a gocd salary,, and not long, ago a man
who hadf been -stationed .for- some time
In New York .was ; offered a very hand
some position | as superintendent of the
refreshment service for' a. big railroad in
England. It had been run at a loss ever
eince it was installed, but sixty
days after he -took hold of, it began to
return a profit. At the same time it was
greatly- Improved. Dining cars are a
comparatively new thing abroad,' and
they are far behind tha American, both
in system and luxury.".; •
new young wife, at the station. Each had
small handbag's. I'started to' pilot them
to a carriage. Mr. Barnum said:
"Wo will walk to the Parker House. . It
is not necessary to go to* the expense, 1 of
a carriage."
* .MARK .TWAIN.
HIS ABSTEMIOUSNESS.— Mark Twain
eats only when he • is. hungry. I* have
known him to go days- without eating a
particle of food. At the same time ho
would b'e smoking constantly when he
was. 1 not. sleeping.
HIS PRESENCE OF MIND— The Mon
tana Club entertained him grandly a£ter
the lecture* and he met many old friends
and acquaintances. Some of them h'ad
come all the way from Virginia City to
ee$ their former comrade of the mining
camps. One man, now. very rich, came
from Virginia City, Nev., on purpose to
see Mark and fettle an old score. When
the glasses were tilled and Mark's health
proposed this man' interrupted the pro
ceedings by" saying: ¦¦¦'....-.- ' 1 ' . .;
"Hold on a minute! Before we go fur
ther I want to say to you, Sam Clemens,
that you did me a d d dirty trick over
there in Silver City and I've come here to
have a settlement with you!/
There was a deathly silence for a" mo
ment, when Mark eaid. in his deliberate
drawl: * ' ¦; ; -^V. ' ,,.¦..
"Let's see. That— was—before-^I—re
formed, wasn't It?"
HENRY WARD BEECHER!
HIS COURAGE.— The crowd was dis
posed to be uncivil. Caries bepan.to rake
the baluster of the balcony railins and
fee.t to pound the floor, and In less. than
a minute a yell fairly shook the theater.'
Mr. Beecher signaled me to proceed.
I A» Mr. Beecher arose and stepped to
ward the footlights another yell went up.
He stood unmoved and waited ' fo'r -some
time. Finally a lull came and he began.
It was not many minutes before the
audience was. In full sympatny with thei
speaker, and for two and a half hours Mr.'
Beecher addressed that crowd, swaying
them with his mighty eloquence and .tell
ing them such truths as they .-never" before
had listened to: . * ; . .' : .V : -. : v
,. HIS MAGNANIMJT.Y'ri-I remember say-.
. Ing to him one day, after. I had seen him
walking arm in arm with a' man who had
injured him. who. had < been' abusing him:
"I think you are carrying the doctrine of
forgiveness too far." -
He said: "Pond; can wo go further than
to bless those who curse us and pray for
i those who deppitefully u?e us? Ah, there,
is so little known of the spirit .of Chrst
in the world that when- a man is trying
feebly and afar ofT to follow him even
Christians do not understand it."
RALPH WALDO EMERSON.
HIS LAST PUBLIC APPEARANCE.— .
As he began reading his lecture the au
dience was' very attentive.^, After a : feV
moments he^ lost his plaQg'and- his s !grsnd-
daughter, sluing in the front-row of seats,
gently slopped toward him t and reminded:
him that; he , was Jf.cturlug.." He 'saw-' at;
once thai tie was wandering,? and with 'tins.
, most charming, characteristic, apolocetic
bow. he resumed hl^ place, .an incident'
that seemed to affect the' audience more
than anything that could possibly have
occurred. A few minutes later he took
a piece of manuscript in his. hand and,
turning around with it. laid it on a sid«
table. He probably had been speaking
about fifteen minutes. The audience
paWed out, many of them Jn tears.
WILLIAM E. GLADSTONE.
HIS INTEREST IN; AMERICA.-On
two occasions I breakfasted with Mr.
Gladstone at hia Harley street house. He
was, Interested in my stories of Western
frontierlife and asked if" I had any ob
jections to having .a stenographer six be
hind a screen and take down the "stories."
When once seated at the table somehow.
lnconsciously, I was going on at a great
ate giving' experiences of my Western
ife. It was 1 o'clock, when we rose from
he< table. He said: -'¦ "Major. Pond, I can
lot tell you how interesting r your visit. has
ipen to me. I thank you for it." T1J>;
•eporter was concoaled behind a screen
•ery near. I have looked for the stories
n print, but I never found them.
FAN MACLAREN (TJR. •WATSON).
HIS APPETITE.— It was after 8 when
ve reached the hotci. The clerk told us
ve could get nothing to eat, but the doc
;or rushed to the d!ning-room and made
i loud noise on . the dpor, which was
jpened by a man In evening dress.
"I must have some food right awavl"
he doctor repeated, and rushed by the
nan to h ¦ table where were the remains
;f the dinner of .the latest comer. 119
ittacked it, and the head waiter tried to
;top proceedings,, but the .doctor kept
•ight on. ¦ . ' ,
\ I , SIR EDWIN
HIS MEMORY.— One evening In my li
brary Sir Edwin was reclining on a
ounge. I was holding a rare volume of
Shakespeare, which he had been admlr
np and passed to me. "Now, major,"'
iaid he, "give me the first line from any
scene,- at random, and I'll give you the
.vhrile scene." I gave him a line from
)n» of the 'least known of the plays, and
o my astonishment he recited the entire
scene. '
EMMA ABBOTT.
HER THIRST FOR NOTORIETY.— Mr.
Beecher's lecture was about half through
jvhen something happened. The attention
)f the audience was attracted to the front
if the house. All of a sudden there came
talking down the center aisle Miss Emma
Abbott in her Juliet make-up and wig,
ihe train fairly sweeping the aisle."
Walking down to the orchestra rail she
turned and walked, in front of the au-
-dience to the box which was on the lefl
of the stage and which she might easUj
have reached by the side aisle without oln
servation.' .--:" . -. ' . '
After the great 'wave', of Interruption
had spent Itself Mr. Beecher continued
his lecture to the endi when Miss Abbott
.leaped from the box ami rushed to' Mr.
Beecher, in whose church In Brooklyn sh2
had formerly sung, exclaiming:
"Dear Mr. Beecner. how do you do?
You must excuse my Juliet makeup ami
dress and- wig. I felt that I must seo
you, .and I rushed from the opera over
• here without changing my dress, fearing;
; I should *miss you."'
She had not seen the theater since »>
'o'clock. '¦
F. MARION CRAWFORD.
HIS ; COOLNESS.— One night In San'
Francisco, after having returned from
Oakland, we were seated in the grillroom
' of the Palace Hotel, our supper partly
' finished, engaged In conversation, when [
suddenly said:
"Mr. Crawford, are we in the dlnin.j
car? See how these dishes are dancing."
Mr. Crawford pulled out his watch and j
"eaid:
r "It'san earthquake, major! Don't b«
frightened. I've been in fifty of them. It
.will only last twenty seconds."
MATTHEW ARNOLD.
> X HIS INAUDIBILITY.— Matthew Arnold
.stepped forward, opened out ' his manu
script, laid it on the desk, and his Hp*
began to move. There was not «he slight
est sound 'audible.' from" where I stooJ.
After a few minutes General Grant saM
to Mrs. Grant: "Well, wife, we have paid
• to see the British lion; we cannot hear)
him roar, so we had better go home."'
They, left the hall.
i. zangwill.
HIS VIGILANCE FOR "NO." 1."— It
seemed almost impossible to come to any
-kind of understanding with Zangwill. He
. thought that -there vfas a great public '
waiting- for him over here, and I also
thought so to a considerable extent. But
he -couldn't". understand i why he should
come over to America and draw great'
crowds and I get a third of the profits
from his earnings, so nothing was defl-i
nitely settled at that interview.
WALT WHITMAN.
¦ HIS MEETING WITH ARNOLD.— Sir
Edwin asked Whitman If. he should not
recite from memory some of the latter*9
gems. j .
Sir Edwin then stood up, when he was
asked to recite a portion of Walt Whit-;
man's verse on the death of Lincoln.
Come early and soothing Death.
Undulate round the world, severely arriv-,
Ingr. arriving.
In the day, In the night, to all, to each.
Sooner or later, delicate death.
» . ¦
HALL CAINE.
HIS . DISAPPOINTMENT.— The over
whelming success of the play "The Chrla
, tian" had in some way led Mr. Caine to
believe that there would be the same,
sort of rush of people to hear the author
of "The Christian."
& The disappointment affected him very
much. I had all, I could do to keep him
cheered up. ,
•; : • RUD YARD KIPLING.
HIS : REFUSAL TO LECTURE.—
Brattleboro, Vt., Sept. 30, 1S95. — Dear,
Mr. Pond: I am much obliged to
you^for your letter, but! can't say that
I can see my way to the ententement you
propose. There is such a thing as paying
125 cents for a dollar, and though I sup
pose there is money in the lecturing busi
ness it seems to me that the, bother, the
fuss, the being at everybody's beck and
call, the night journeys, and so on. make
It very dear. I've seen a few men who
lived through the light, 'but they did not
look happy. I might do it us soon as I
had two mortgages on my house, a l!en ;
on the horses and a bill of sale on the
furniture, and writer's cramp in both
hands, but at present I'm busy and con
tented to go on with the regular writing
business. RUDTAKD KIPLING
ECCENTRICITIES OF GENIUST^B SUNDAY CALJji
Lymph taken from the lymphatic glandi
of goats is now being tried In cases of
apoplexy.
ing the craft. No other sign of man was
seen on the ship. The man at the wheel
was hailed, but returned no answer — Just
stood there grasping the spokes of the
wheel and looking straight ahead. A boat
was lowered and the mysterious ship
boarded. When they came close to the
man at the wheel they saw with horror
that he was dead, and ha'd evidently been
dead for many daya. The ship, which
was named tha General Siglin, had sailed
from San Francisco for Alaska. She had
clearly been dismantled In a gale and
then abandoned by her crew. The cap
tain had refused to leave the ship, and,
finding his strength falling, he had .lashed
himself to the wheel and literally died at
his post, steering his craft - for hundreds
of miles -with hands that held the wheel
in as firm a grip as when alive. ' ¦
Since the plague has been prevalent in
India searching parties go through • the
villages inspecting the ' houses with the
Idea of seeing that all cases of death by
the plague are reported to the authorities.
On entering a suspected house" ' on day
the inspectors saw a group of natives
playing cards. Something In the appear
ance of one of the players attracted the
attention, of one of . the inspectors, .who
placed his hand upon the man's shoulder. '
To his amazement,' the man swayed 'and
fell to the floor. Upon examination, it was
found . that he had been dead ' some time,
but in order to avoid , having ; theTRouse
marked as plague stricken, the ; other, in
mates had concealed tho fact of his death
Hearing that the Inspecting party .was
approaching, they ' bad hastily, placed the
body in a chair and put some cards in th.»
dead hands. • Then - they -; had gathered
abo.ut him j as , if. both_the .Quick and* the
dead were engaged in a game of cards.
Qu^r- Th?nSs *he Dead :D©ne
T7 IVE persons have feigned death
1 1 with marvelous exactness, but
jl y when the dead feign life, or seem
to feign life, the spectacle is as
gruesome as can well be imagined.
Not long ago a Russian cemetery ' was*
the ecene of as weird a wedding as ever
has been witnessed^ A young girl who
had been betrothed died on the eve of
her marriage, and b«r friends decided
that, in spite of the intervening hand of
death, her marriage must take place. The
wedding ceremony was performed at tho
elde of the grave, and after the marriage
the body was returned to the coffin and
lowered to its long resting place.
It is less than a year ago that a valu
able cup was won in a bicycle race in
Australia by a man who was dead when
he passed the winning post. The race took
place at an "electric light carnival," so
called, in the presence of 10,000 spectators.
In the last lap James Soxnervillc. a rider,
forged to the front and 6ecured such a
lead that his victory was assured. Wh*n
within twenty-five yards of the finish he
was seen to relax bis hold on the handle
bars and lose his footing on the pedals.
He did not fall from the machine, how
ever, and amid frantic cheers dashed by
the goal, winning tbe race by half a.
wheel. As he passed the finishing post he
pitched forward and fell to the ground.
When he was picked up he was found to
be dead, and, what was more, the doctors
declared that death had come to him
when he was seen to lose his hold of tba
handlebars- It was a dead body that had
ridden the last twenty-nve yards of tho
race.
On a recent voyage the sealing" schoon
er Arletls was cruising about 200- miles off
the coast of British Columbia when she
sighted a dismantled ship. The Arietis
bore down upon the derelict, and aa she
got near enough a man was seen on board
srajsplng the wheel and apparently steer-
¦T-h'<8 ' ¦¦ Crp^i-aTd " /Wfri^s ; of QTeopatra
>«VV» JOURNEY, of rtXDloratlon to what
/lJ\ are known as the emerald mines of
li^> Cleopatra, Is described by D. A.
MacAUster, in the new number of.
the Geographical Journal. They lie in the .
mountain range that extends for a Ions
distance narallel to the Red Sea and a
few leagues west of its coasts, in a lati
tude rather south' of Eofu. on the Nile.
This, like some other parts of the regtop.
such,:as*,the porphyry Quarries. of Jebel,
D6khan.was far. better known than it U
now and:, more ¦ thickly. : peopled, , about
twenty centuries ago; «nd only during tho
present -one, so -far as we -know; have
isolated explorers, at long Intervals,
found their way- Into the treasure-houso
: of "ancient , Egypt. When ' its rulers first
used the .emerald for personal adornment
is certain. Whether the Iafpe, clear green
Btones which, according. to~_ ancient author
ities, .ornamented the -Egyptian temples
were really emeralds is a matter of dls
r pute.^but'^thia gem— owing .to its regu- i
, lar : shape, which Is commonly a six-sided
: prism— and its beautiful -tint that stand*
less .In :. need-~of ¦ the Oapldary's . art\than
* many ' others, it probablvv formed Dart, of
thc ; , regalia, of Princes "at "a; very -early ;
period;- ..That It '.was known "to; the Ro
., mans . is*; certain and "the j mines now i r«
ylsitedjusedU'o'ser.d their.' treasures to' the
gem . euttersT-of ) the, capital. .. Ever, sine*
then*the' stone; has been 7 highly esteemed.
In the middle ages Jew Jewels commanded
a •higheriPrlce.i' for,"; in -"addition l to its
beauty;; fancy^endowed ; it' with' medicinal
virtues. I" It was a'proph'ylactlciagainat ep
/Uepsy.'and • a cure for 'dysentery.' % Like
the sapphire.-: It guarded; the, chastity" of
' the. ( wearer,*an_6V resented, any tres Pass by
; breaking into pleceV." '¦". Though a -.more
'J prosaic: age- has divested It*of these vir
tues, it. is still, highly valued, nor do wa
condemn 'its . brilliantly, colored relative
the aquamarine, or bervl. .which is prao!
tically the same mineral, the . tint ot the
emerald belrisr due to the presence of a
small quantity of the metal chromium.
These mines of Northern Etbai seem to
have remained untouched since the decline
and fall of Rome caused them to be de
serted.- .According to Mr. MacAUater, tha
workings are only small passages, hardly
mgre than burrows, excavated In the em
erald bearing schist, and sometimes ex
tending a long distance. Many scattered
ruins may also be seen— dwellings, watch
towers and tombs, besides those of f en
settlements. In these, no doubt, the min
ing population used to live, and the differ
ences in style suggest they were occupied
for a long time. Some are mere hovels.
Very; roughly .built: others show a mors
careful construction: wnue a third rroup
are well finished. Mr. MacAllater also
round three rock-cut temples, for the «of t
stone lends itself to. that kind of archi
tecture. He thinks that their pillars.
though very primitive In style; indlcaU
£-g>ptian designs.- with traces of Greek
JS?,iifK« e: . one i J ndeed. contain a
crumbling inscription m that language.
?££ % n P°" er y> sometimes ornamented, is
abundant/ but there is no evidence that
the neighborhood attracted visitors for
any but business purposes.
Notwithstanding this, there was in thos«
times a settled instead of a nomad popu
lation, and travelers once must have been
rather frenuent. for in one piece many
. arawings of persons, animals and tribal
marks are scratched upon the rocks. The
subjects are various enough; family scenes
ana fights— In which the weapons are
eworda and spears, bows and arrows
camels and dromedaries, horses, dog*
goats and oxen, besides Ibex, gazelles and
ostriches. . Some of the figures evidently
are much older than others^- But. as a
whole; they recall to memory the Sinaltlc
' inscriptions which some forty years ago
• were believed to be memorials of the wan
derings of the Israelites. To this attrac
tive-hypothesis the late Professor E. H.
Palmer . gave the deathblow, when h*
demonstrated them to be— as no doubt aro
these of the emerald mines — only tn«
graffiti of travelers, none of them prob
ably earlier than the Christian era.— I*ou-»
don Standard,
me a candle ana conducted me to a room In tne east
wing of that big building, far off from the kitchen.
I was alone, and Beared, itoo. The room was a large
one and I noticed that the locks on the door were of
the colonial size— big, heavy, massive— and I found
that they were very rusty. ; . [The ceilings of that room
were perhaps nineteen feet high; no carpets; and the
furniture was that heavy old colonial mahogany. The
bedstead was great, heavy, massive and tall, and the
bed was a Southern feather bed: and. remember the
air was warm, ¦ the atmosphere oppressive; another
storm threatening; it was midsummer.- I was restless
and could not;sleep, and the walls of this big room,
as the walls of the main hall, were frescoed and
painted in the most lavish and weird manner. I saw
the lightning flash. It was sheet lightning and. would
light up. the whole room; and when it flashed" the
room became' brilliant and I looked at and studied
the 'pictures on'the walla. . ., ¦
It was long after midnight, for I heard the bell in
the tower* toll 'the midnight hour. I must have dozed
off>end I "was awakened by the sound of a crippled
j one walking, in ¦; the' big corridor coming . closer and
closer; it seemed to me as though it walked' with a
crutch or a cane. I waited and at last it came to my
door. Words cannot express my fear; the door opened
with a creak and the queerest old woman you ever
saw of thought of 'entered. I ': was wide awake,
though I feigned sleep, and I saw her well; her hair
was as white-as-'the driven snow and she .wore a
crutch under her left arm and her eyes, looked "bril
liant" and piercing; .she had tied aroun'd her head an
old cotton bandana handkerchief; she wore liiisey
clothes, homespun, /of ' a grayish color trimjned • in
black; she carried in her hand an Immense bunch of
keys.
She came directly across to my bed— horrors -as
she came up closer I noticed that In herbelt she wore
a lor.g glittering knife. She looked at me. looked at
the knife (remember, 'please! that I was feigning
sleep at that time), she waved a candle in front of
my eyes — my God, can I ever describe my*- feelings
then? Many would have grown gray that night. . Af
ter a heavy sigh she placed back into the scabbard
her, knife, counted her rusty keys and left the "room
through another door.- I heard the door close. after
her; the sheet lightning was flashing all the time and.
I could see those horrible pictures on the walls." I heard
the door lock and listened to her crippled departure
as it resounded down another corridor until it died
at last'away. It was horribly warm that night: I
was in a feather bed and it was midsummer.. Do you
believe me when I say I didn't 'sleep one: wink that
night? ' And'oh," if ever any one" welcomed 'the dawn
of day I was that one.' • At last Mr, Nellson called me,
but I : was awake. I dressed and pretended to take
breakfast with him, but oh!, that night of horror, j -¦,
. I arrived at "Newcastle,' Cr:-.ig County, Just before
sunset and I saw. my Uncle Cliff .and others playing
euchre under the locust- trees. -I dismounted and my
brother's negro took , Bess "away. I had performed
the services, but oh, how -faint' I felt- I told them
where! stayed' the ;night before and also my experi- -
ence, and can I ever forget the horror when Uncle
Cliff, an old man retired from business, threw up his
hands, knocked over the euchre table and spoiled the
game in .exclaiming "Why, - that' .was'. Mrs. Smiley: .
I knew, her well in her lifetime; .your description of
her is absolutely perfect; she . wore that kind of
clothes;, she was ¦ crippled;] she wore. a crutch under'
her left arm, and -Smiley murdered: her.". ¦- v ,
GAN I ever forget a lonesome riae on the pike
from Newcastle, Va., to Newport, Giles Coun
ty? About 2 o'clock p. m. my brother who was
..practicing law at Newcastle, discovered that
In the Smiley estate a deposition had to be taken at
Newport. It was a warm afternoon and the ; road
sandy and the route circuitous." I left Newcastle at
the appointed time; Gus, the negro, groomed and sad r
died the best horse. Nothing : particular happened
until after Ihadtopped the mountain and was grad
ually going down into what Is known as', the Sinking
Creek Valley, when suddenly a little black speck ap
peared on the horizon. Being a, Virginian and .know
ing of the -terrillc thunder storms in- that - locality I
became uneasy; : my horse, wet with foam,' became
dreadfully tired traveling on the hot day and -heavy
Eand. The clouds thickened and. we knew a < thunder
storm was fast approaching, for then the .'.heavens
thundered from pole to pole. We were on*th'e moun
tains — the Blue Ridge, a spur of the AUeghanies. The
rain fell first in large drops ; and afterward p'oured
down on us. The lightning flashed and in ; the saddle
I could see tree after tre-2 struck down by its "fierce
fire flames. My horse refused to budge and stood
etark still in the road. I never did see it rain so hard
before and believe I never shall again; the thunder's
muttering3.were terrific and the lightning flashes
appalling. When the storm passed over it was almost
twilight and Bess, my horse, agreed -to. go on. We
were then some fourteen miles from Newport,
County, and night was falling.
The Smiley plantation lay directly in sight— the
only hope of shelter on that lonesome mountain road.
1 opened the gate and rode up to the queerest, oddest
and most celebrated plantation in Southwest Virginia.
I had. heard before a great deal of the Smiley planta
1 tlon and the traditions handed down from colonial
days with it. When a child I was afraid of Sinking
Creek and on the Smiley plantation what was known
as "Dead Man's* Hole."' I rode up to the , gate and
asked an elderly gentleman, Mr. Nellson, for shelter
for the night from another storm which was' threat
ening—and, by the way, Mr. . Neilson was a very,
"wealthy and a. very eccentric Scotchman. When no
one else would purchase the Smiley plantation and
estate Mr. Nellson, an old bachelor and a woman
hater, bought it, and it is the finest, largest and most
fertile plantation In all that part of Southwest Vir
ginia. Mr. Neilson , reluctantly* agreed, after telling,
him; my errand, to shelter me for, the night. sHe him
self put my horse. away. and I entered what Is known
as the "ghost castle" In that part of Virginia.
I cannot.. express my surprise, when I entered that
large, roomy, dilapidated house, large enough to ac
commodate the guests at almost any hotel In any city,
The old colonial halls were Immensely broad; the ceil
ings were some seventeen or eighteen feet high; there
% were no carpets; the floors .were -glazed and waxed.
At last Mr. Nellson came and we had supper In his'
kitchen. He cooked it and I think ate it.. After a
while Mr. Nellson -suggested that I retire. - He' gave
times, but he answered not. and I wan
dered around through the paths and perl
winkles, lost entirely. My imaginations , !
were then frightful beyond compare. A
young woman, Hortense Spiller, who had
been the organist at the old Presbyterian
church, had recently been drowned In oM
Catawbaw and she was burled in that old
graveyard. I knew her well in her life
time, and many times at church I had
heard her play sweet anthems, and it
seemed to me that I never heard sweet
ter music on that dilapidated and ami
quated church organ. I knew where sho
was buried. Directly I heard a voice
softly Eay: "Soft, you; soft, you." . I lis
tened and thought I saw two men carry
a body up one of the narrow winding
paths. I instinctively hid behind an old
praveyard vault and listened and
watched. The wind was blowing and thu
ivy and bell creepers were creaking. Af
ter a little while words cannot ex
press my dismay and surprise — I saw
coming toward me, wrapped in her burial
shroud, poor dead, drowned Hortense Spil
ler. She held out her hand and tried to
speak to me. I stood starlc still, trans
fixed as a monument. I saw her eyes
wide open, her face pallid, her figure
slim and trim In her winding sheet. It,
was the ghest or specter of Hortense. Tlie
cold, round moon shone lightly down. I
remember that I screamed: I remember
that she vanished. The next I knew I
heard Bill call. That night we didn't go
to the circus, and the spirit or ghost of
Hortense Spiller to this very day as she
appeared there in that old graveyard
"haunts me still."
OTCE blustery, windy winter evening
I found myself lost in the old Pres
_ byterian graveyard. It borders *.n
that quaint, queer little lown.
Fincastle, and can be seen from any
Ftr^et or lane in the little ham'el: It
base* over Fincastle like .a pail
end a warning to al! its inhrtir
tjmts that it is at last their net-
Ing r>l2c«>. 1 was hemmed In by the
great big walls, with their clinging ivy
and Virginia lwll creepers on the one
hacd and on the other the bleak, blear
mountain *purs cf the Alleghaneys. The
o5d graveyard is carpeted with periwin
kles—pretty little blushinc. blue flowers
that always remind one of the dying anl
the dead. It seemed to me that perl
winkles were the companions of vaults
and tombstones and of the resting places
of the dead. That bleak winter evening
that I was there in the old Presbyterian
graveyard I was absolutely alone. I
could see white monuments and tomb
stones all around m<* — I was in that oil
churchyard by accident. I may sny. I
rpm^mber well that many times when I
was a child r'.ayinR with other children
on the wide yawning old town green I
looked up yonder at the old churchyard
when right was falling and was scare 1
at its sepulchral appearance and loneli
ness. The evening I was there alone I
was on my way with Bill, my darky, to
eee Van Amberg's circus. %Ve vaulted
the old limestone walls of the graveyard,
afraid that we would not pet to the cir
cus in time. I don't know how it hap
pened, but It did, notwithstanding every
thln- else to the contrary, that Bill anl
1 became separated. I called Bill several
alone io a place untenanted. throw the
one ball of yarn in and say slowly, "Who
winds my ball? who wind3 my ball?"
That evening I had picked my place; It
was old Mohler's carpenter shop. I called
Bob Flggert oat on the porch and told
him where I was going; he said it was a
capital place. It was gloomy, enough, I
?an assure you, for the tulip trees almost
covered that dreary, lonesome, ghostly,
graveyard old place. Mohler had been
dead only a few weeks; he was on© of
those peculiar eccentric- characters who
was not in love with daylight and h© only
worked In that old shop after the sun
wt?nt 4own. I never shall forget when,
with my little ball of yarn. I slipped
around by the back gate and went to old,
Mohler's carpenter shop. I knew tha
words well— mother had taught them to
me— "who winds my ball? who winds my
ball?" I flipped along and went Into th«
Mohler .premises:* the old house was de
serted and I can't tell you In words how
lonesome it looked. I went softly up to
that little old carpenter shop; I threw my
ball of yarn in through a broken window
pane. My heart stood still; I waited a
moment, holding in my hand the other
ball of yarn, and directly I aald, as mother
hadr taught me to say, "Who winds my
ball? who winds my ball?" LJka light
ning; flashing the old carpenter shop was
illuminated; I felt the hand of soma on*
pulling the string of yarn; I looked insida
and there I saw old Mohler; ha had thm
other ball of yarn. I could, see his look;
I . could feel him unwinding the yarn la
my hand. He .was there, though be had
been dead and burled in the Episcopal
church-yard some three months before.
I did see him — I dropped my ball ot yarn
and up to this very moment I have never
°£ain attempted to celebrate Halloween.
Jj\/fr ANT, many, times I hare heard
ffy/\ -people on the cars, on the street
II J&, V corners and congregated togeth
er, laugh at. abuse I and 1 make
¦- light of Spiritualists. and* their teachings
v and their doings. I have heard them often
Jeef-at what spiritualists call "occult
science," 'but every "time I- have heard
them thus jeer I have felt "strongly in
clined to turn upon them and tell them
of all the ghosts and spirits 1 1 myself have
seen. If you will listen to me I "will tell
you. about a ghost I saw one Halloween
night. Away back in old Virginia they
celebrate Halloween evening as faithfully
and as devoutly as any other morn or
evening was ever celebrated. In those lit
tle old Virginia villages all the girls and
boys gather together and roast chestnuts.
swap chineapins, and tell ghost stories in
front of a great big log tire. It's the cus
tom there in the South, and Halloween
evening swings around with all its weird
fancyings. One night l:i old Fincastle my
sisters had all their acquaintances at our
old plantation: the negroes had made
great big log fires and the old home was
brilliantly illuminated; it was Halloween
! night and they called it a country party.
1 can never forget that night because I
saw Mohler's ghost. Mother had made lit
tle balls of yarn, s wound from either end,
and Mammy Hannah had them — some doz
en-or two— in a. basket. Sisters had ar
ranged the mirrors and when the old clock
in the' town tower struck the hour of mid
night each one'of the girls was presumed
to stand before the mirror and* comb her
hair and see reflected in the glass her fu
ture husband. The balls of yarn were dis
tributed among us; -each one was to go
: ; - ¦'. ' • ' -¦..-
12
SOME GHOSTS I HAVE SEEEN
A WITCH'S GHOST
that.all the. Flnc'astle. inhabitants regard
ed her "as ;such. She .was , the dire, dread
of all the children. ; She used to visit'Fin
castle'quite | frequently. She used to com\
-with her basket of eggs ? and , her - bundle
of chickens,: and seemed '-to _bc
looking at- the children in the lanes. Shr
was bad at heart and the 'children feared
her • dreadfully: • One time— I * never ¦; shall
I forget— she' didn't come * to .Fincastle.'. ami;
we didn't know whatever, had become of
her. --i- After .a few, 'days s I ; went » squirrel
' huntings with- Philip, my dog. .: I* hunted
through- the- Uills and" pikes, and; at. last J
when night was falling,' I found myself in
¦ Houstons ; Hollow. It: was abode ¦, of
catt ¦Bfttts. 5 - ' ? v . •¦• f;f '}¦:. '.T£/:-i*j<'-£
•¦¦' That- gloomy evening 'I found 'myself tin
Houstoirs Hollow, I could see awayup on;
the: bluff ; Catt BrlttsV house? ..There ; waf
"no light . and.nlght was falling. fast.™ The-
.was lonesome and: gloomy -beyond
-compare.. Philip,, my, dog. ras^-away In
I front' of ' m'e;< and ¦ then came back whining
and looking up at me. I didn't know.what
evenwas the matter.. He ran ahead .'a' lit-'
,^le way and again came back and' whined
¦ and^whlned.^ After; a little while; 'scared
nearly? to death,' I went • up the hollow— it
.was j the nearest ; and ; closest^way/ horned
and ; directly saw 'old* Cattf Britts ; coming.
1 1 1 never ¦ shall*, forget her I appearance that
.night; . she , was i lighted up with • lightning
bugs; she glowed .like a foxQre. ~She came
' up ¦ directly : in front of : >: me ' and - said :
"Hugh Grant, what are -.you* doing - here?
"Why are you In m/liollow? - What'made'
your dog draw back?'. 1 , and then she.van
ished. - Can 5 1 ever forget ¦¦ that might?. I
\ don't know-how I ever, did get out of that
hollow,- but 1 at ; Houston sv gate Philip
barked, and Z : was , away *Irom Houstons
' Pntlnw- . . "'.¦¦ • ¦¦ :• -.•¦¦ .; ¦ - - ¦¦ - •
CATT BRITTS was the queerest, odd
*" eat, character you could' ever lmag
> ine/cand. they:all- said she was a
witch livher lifetime arid when; she
was. dead her'spirit or, ghost. haunted old
Houston's Hollow. ' We called her a witch
because ehe^ told fortunes and chewed to
bacco: | She spit i~On : a'" dime , or a
nickel ''across' the pike : with"' her ' tooacco
spit. Whenever the ? children * playing . In
the f lanes iheard'the name: of. Can Britts
they ramhelter-skeiter. in' every direction;
they were ' always " afraid of her ¦ and she
always | did everything | to frighten them.
Whenever" she. came : to ,tbwnwto; market
her. basket of eggs •/ and* chickens per
chancer all : t he ; darkies j had I to- do ..was " to
say "Here 'comes -Catt Brltts," and we'd
fly r ln every direction— climb over or break
down"! fences " to^ get ; out of the i lane and
ttf'get away from Catt Brittfl.-I told' you
Just""now> that; she ;was 'a. witch,, and;]
want, to tell 'you a little < something, if you
will. listen to -, me, about! the witchcraft ol
.Virginia: : It Uen't; the uneducated , alone
who believe i still In that song and story.
There are many; witches to this very day
lnxthe .mountains ? of .Virglnlar- there" are
many * to this -; hour * who >¦ still - believe lr
spirits" and witchcraft Catt' Brltts was th(
princess , of * thexnL all. She_ carried ; with
her her> little .prayeri book and; told for
tunes,, and* I i will =s tell; you , what : I , know
about ; Catt ; Brltts k when? she < was "reading
fortunes, in' Fincastle. v *;Catt Brltts was a
Kreat. big, tall," raw-boned "woman.- repul
slve .beyond compare, i In • height • she was
at least flws 'feet eleven inches." She knew
she was mean-looking; and seemed tc
glory; in that knowledge. - Her, eyes t wer«
big and' black and piercing. She pretendec
to bi a witch, and she gloried In the factWilhelm to Osborne. -
COWES, Jan. 26.— E/nperor. "VVilllam left
Cowes at 8 o'clock this morning on the
royal yacht Alberta to visit Portsmouth,
where he will meet Crown Prince Frled
rich Wilhelm, who started from Potsdam
for England yesterday. The Emperor
drove In a closed carriage before the town
was astir, and only half a dozen persons
witnessed his departure from Trinity pier.
MEETS THE CBOWN PBINCE.
Emperor "William Escorts Priedrich
VIENNA, Jan. 2C.— News has reached
Vlenn^ from the Vatican that i fresh rob
beries have been discovered there, which
have caused the' Pope very, much pain, as
a number, of art treasures of great value
have been made 'a way, .with. ..
/i-The, papal r police carried on its investl
gatlons^wlthout any help from the Italian
police,' and ; are .keeping' the Incident se
cret, i
FUETHES BOBBERIES .
\ IN THE VATICAN
Wild pandemonium reigned In the hall,
women f aintir.jj and . men rushing over
each other in their efforts to escape from
the place. " _ . - '
BIRMINGHAM. Ala.. Jan. 26.— A cele
bration' of ¦ Robert j Burns' birthday at
Blossburg, a mining town fifteen miles
west of here, ended in a bloody pitched
battle In a dance hall at 2 o'clock this
morning, in which Wofford Rich, a South
ern Railway conductor, was killed, and J.
T>\ McKlbborts,' an engineer, was wounded
so badly that he afterward died. Early
in .the evening Frank Bynum, a young
miner, had sought to dance with a young
woman who had been dancing witn Rich.
It is said she declined Bynum's Invita
tion, and this ' Incensed him so that he
went • to Rich to censure him. The men
quarreled, and were about to fight when
McKibbons^ a friend of Rich,- separated
them. Bynum\ again accosted Rich 'just
before the festivities' ended, and McKIb
bons again stepped between them. This'
time . Bynum was accompanied by Adam
McKee. and the two drew ', pistols. Rich
also drew his revolver, and the three men
engaged in a pitched battle in the hall.
Eighteen shots were fired, and when the
smoke cleared away Rich was dead, Mc-
Klbbons fatally wounded and Bynum and
McKee had fled.
Wounded at a Birthday
«. Celebration.
One Man Killed and Another Fatally
PITCHED BATTLE
OCCURS AT A BALL
Guardsman Faints at
Bier, Being Over
come by the Strain
Many Beautiful Floral
. Offerings Decorate
the Queen's Coffin
y*^ OWES, Jani 26.— A number of lead
nf- ing , newspaper , correspondents'
\J^^^ were admitted' to see the Queen's
remains lying In state to-day. The
approaches to Osborne House were
as rigorously guarded ns ever. A cordon
•of police, the men standing at intervals of
a few yards apart, entirely surrounded the
building Itself. This was the only sign of
life. The shades Trere" closely drawn and
the royal standard floated "half-mast from
the tower. Through the deserted court
yards to, the. Queen's entrance the repre
sentative of the Associated Press was
conducted. It was^but a step from the en
trance across the hall tothe dining-room,
where the' Queen's body rested. The en-;
trance to the room was beautifully draped
with crimson^ and attached thereto were
several- gigantic, wreaths | from' the mem
bers of the household.".-.
.Indian and Highland servants remain
constantly on guard with' reversed rifles,
immovable^ as statues.' The' strain is so
great that they have to be relieved every
hoiir. : | . ' • '
. One of the guardsmen fainted during the
correspondent's visit and had to* be borne
out of the room. The effect of these sol
dier?, standing like ' wax^work figures, is
scarcely conceivable; and, except for their
stifled breathing, the. privileged spectator
could hardly convince himself that they
¦were actually alive.
The most elaborate wreath, that , from
the King of Portugal, was brought by spe
cial . messenger from . the legation to-day.
It consists of a great crown of lilies rest
ing on a cushion of violets.- ¦'•.' ¦"¦¦¦••¦' .
The coffin Itself is but "eighteen finches
from the flower-decked ground. T ; At its
head were^the wreaths of the new King
and Queen," while on either, side, were the
efferings of the Emperor. and Empress of
Germany. * . At the < foot was a beautiful
floral ¦• crown, -; with : . a ; golden ."B" from
PrinceVs Beatrice.'. But little of the, white
satin-covered coffin, ' or the ' silk flag on
which' It rested, "was .'.visible; all being al
most hidden by the'magniheent white pall
and '. crimson velvet robes j of the Insignia
of the Order of the Garter,' the .whole be
ing surmounted -by a glittering diamond
crown, C- which "reflects , the .lights "i of the
tapers, six feet • high, t in silver /candle
sticks^-:-'; ¦_.'. ; ;'..';. v.\ ;" ; ;:.;. ; v
\ The'. pair' waa ' ten , feet ; long ¦ and -seven
feet; wide. Two heavy gold: fringes; hung
from it' arid in . each !_ corner diagonally
were embroidered ; the . royal arms, -sur
mounted ¦ by • the 'crown. 1 ~ ".This , work .was
bcautlf ully. done. T jThe jlori is > in, applique
tONDON, Jan. 26.— Thft prepara
tions for Queen Victoria's funeral
are gradually: assuming*, definite
form. It promises to be the
« most tremendous pageant of the
generation. The Influx of members of the
royal families and representatives of for
eign .countries has been so wholly un
precedented that the court officials are
finding it difficult to procure suitable ac
commodations, the royal palaces being
totally Inadequate.
The procession is expected . to - occupy
two hours in traversing London from
Victoria Station to Paddlngton Station,
whence the funeral train will depart at
11:15 a. m., reaching "Windsor at 11:50.
The coffin will be conveyed in the Queen's
special salon carriage, attached to the
royal • train, built especially for the Dia
mond Jubilee, by which the King and the
royal family will Journey to the royal bor
ough.
The King, as" chief; mourner, accom
panied by Emperor 'William, will ride on
horseback at -the head of the procession
through London, with Field Marshal Earl
Roberts, the commander-ln-chlef of the
forces, and .his. 'staff- in. close proximity
At least six battalions of Infantry, eight
squadrons of cavalry ana a. number of
batteries of artillery will participate in
the procession, besides the multitudinous
assemblage of peers, members of the
House of Commons and court officials of
strange title and stranger garb. «The
streets will be lined -with soldiery. but
the route has not yet been definitely
fixed.
The coffln-bearers ' will be . non-commis
sioned Officers from th« troops composing
the Household Brigade.
The probable order of.th* procession ' Is
as follows: The Knight Marshal's men,
drummers of the Foot Guards, the Houso^
hold Etaq, the Judges, Privy Councilors,
peers of the realm, the bishops, the royal
crown of Hanover, the . imperial crown,
the crown of the United .Kingdom of
Great Britain and Ireland, the royal body
on a gun carriage, the Prince of the royal
blood, the equerries " and the yeomen of
the Guards. Units of the' army .will be in
terspersed in. the column and at its head
there will be a firing, party. Preceding
the cortege military bands will play ."The
Dead March," The standards will all be
draped. . . . \ ¦
Big Fire In ; Hew Jersey.
NEW YORK, -Jan.; 27.— Fire broke;, out
this mornlne In , the business : section of
Mattawan, N. J., and a number of houses
were destroyed. : Loss 1100,000. "UIS8B8MK
King, Chief Mourner,
to Be Accompanied
by the Kaiser*
London to View Great
Pageant to Memory
of Queen Victoria
Recalls That He Sang
When Victoria Took
Her Crown as Queen
Now Is Named to Help
Her Loyal Subjects
Pay Meed of Grief
FIELD MARSHAL ROBERTS "WAS THE LAST PERSON. RECEIVED. OFKICIALIJT, BT' THE- LATE QUEEN VIC
' TOKIA, THE OCCASION BEING HIS RETURN ;FKpM;: SOUTH 'AFRICA. ,' 'THE? .SC^NE-WAS PICTURED BY
MAX COWPER IN BLACK AND WHITE. FROM WHICH THE. ABOVE REPRODUCTION : W AS TAKEN.
TRAIN FALLS
INTO HANDS
OF BURGHERS
Was Laden With
Troops and Mili
tary Stores. "
Twenty Cape Police Sur
render to Boers Without
Firing a Shot.
LONDON. Jan. 28.— A special from Klm-
Deriejr eays: A train with troops and mil
itary stores on board waa waylaid and
captured by the Boers at Slljklijp, near
Fourteen Streams, north of Kimberler,
this morning. The republicans captured
a small post of Dublin Fusiliers, then blew
up a culvert and waited for tre train. An
armored train has gone in pursuit of tha
Boers. ;
A Standerton special says: Th« Boers
to-day blew up & cuJvert near Greyllng-
Btad. Dewet 13 reported to be In this dis
trict and is said to b« r upplied with dyna
mite.
A special from Cape Town says: Twen
ty Cape police surrendered to the Boera
at Devondale. north of Vryburg. on Janu
ary 11 without firlcfr. a shot.
It Is reported that General Prlnsloo
•was wourded la the fighting on Janu
ary 15.
A Pretoria special says: The Burghers*
Peace Commission has cent to Louis
Botha, commander In chief of the Boer
forces, to ascertain if he will receive <iele
cates to discuss the question of peace. The
Boers have summarily expelled all the
British, numbering seventy, from Paters
burg, giving no reason for doing so. The
refugees have arrived here.
A special from Clan William. Cape Col
ony, says: The Boer invaders are roaming
over the country between Calvina and
Lamberts Bay.
CANADIANS TO BE ENLISTED.
One Thousand Men. Wanted for Ba-
den-Po-well amounted Police.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Jan. rs.-One thou-
F&nd Canadians are to be enlisted for the
new Baden-Powell Mounted Transvaal Po
lice and a recruiting officer has been
reamed to accept applicants here. Recruits
must be between 20 and S3 years of age.
pood riders, good shots, single, sober and
medically fit The term of engagement in
South Africa is three years. Third-class
troopers receive SI 21 per day, second-class
troopers 51 46, first-class troopers Jl 70 and
non-commissioned officers from $1 82 as
corporal to $3 Co per day as warrant offi
cers. In addition an extra allowance of 48
cents per day is made.
IKPEESS DOWAGER'S
WATCH IN COUTLT
Loot Taken From the Forbidden City
Fignres in Litigation Over
a Debt-
SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 28.— When the
Empress Dowager of China was forced
to leave Peking during the recent trouble
there the left behind her beautiful Swiss
cold watch, valued at many hundred dol
lars. During 1 the time following the oc
cupation of the forbidden city by Ameri
can troops F. A. Blake, a former resident
of Eir.ta Barbara, came Into possession
of the watch end brought it to America.
As a relio cf his adventures among the
Boxer* Mr. Blake, now a Shanghai mer
chant, prizes the -watch above all price.
On his arrival in America a- short time
ago h« exhibited It with much pleasure..
The newspapers got hold of the story
and Blake's name went abroad. The story
was read by a member of the local firm
of Show & Hunt, to whom Blake owed a
bill of long standing amounting to $150. A,
judgment was obtained in a local Justice's
Court compelling Blake to show cause
¦why be should not turn over the watch
for the debt. Blake returned on the noon
train to-day and bumped up against the
judgment. The case was to have been
heard this afternoon and promised to sup
ply much Interest, but after some wrang
ling Blake decided to pay the debt and
keep the -watch.
WOLFF CAPTTTSED
BY STRONG POSSES
Assassin of Sheriff
Montana Mob Threatens to Lynch
BUTTE, Mont., Jan. 26.— An Inter-Moun
tain f-pcclal from Virginia City says:
"Word was received here this afternoon
that John Wolff, who murdered Sheriff
Eummers near Enris yesterday, had been
captured in the Upper Madison Valley by
one of the posses which started in search
of him. The capture was effected after
en exciting chase of many miles. The
posse comprised about fifty of tne most
prominent residents of Madison County.
Not since the days of the vigilantes has
there been euch excitement In old Alder
Gulch. There is a strong feeling here in
favor of the lynching of Wolff. Unless
calmer counsel prevails the friends of
Summers will take tne law Into their own
hands. At 4:30 this afternon a large body
of men started out to meet the posse and
murderer.
MTSTEILIOTJS SUICIDE
OF NEW YORK MAN
Philip Sterabach, Formerly Employ-
cd by Large Importing- House,
Ends His Life.
TCEW YORK. Jan. 26— Philip Stern
bach, up to the first of the year employed
in one of the largest Importing houses on
Broadway, committed suicide on Sixty
eighth street, near the home of his
brother Maurice, by shooting himself.
Th,e family Is considered wealthy and
l!v*s In a fine residence on Sixty-eighth
street. The cause of suicide Is not known,
but It Is said that Sterabach had been 111
for some time.
"'Unquestionably/ he replied, 'and "*!t
may be a long and terrible struggle for
liberty. But until the Filipino nation shall
have a government of Its own this war
will go on. I believe that If there were a
change of administration we would gain
our freedom. We have a republic pat
terned mainly after that of the United
States. The original system Is admirable,
but not as administered now/ ."
• •• "Then It may be war for many years,"
I eald. 'You must know that the Ameri
can Government Is strong^ powerful and
rich.' . . - i.i V-~
" 'No,' he replied. . 'To accept amnesty
means shame, infamy, slavery.- degrada
tion, f Personally It means imprisonment
for me. What else am I to expect and
what for my poor people but serfdom?
"What would your forefathers have sa'v
of George Washington had he accepted
amnesty from George III? He fought
from 1776 to 17S2 and all offers of amnesty
were treated with ecorn. He was right.
You ask me what I want. I reply, liberty;
the right of the Filipinos to govern them
selves — a government of our own."
" 'But,' said I, 'here are assurances '
" 'Assurances and promises,' he inter
posed with gTeat warmth, 'given only to
be disregarded and repudiated. -I tell you
I will never trust them. Nor will my peo
ple. Never. Say to them that their am
nesty'will not" be considered. My people
would no longer respect ma -were I to do
so/
"'How about the people?',' I asked. \ 'Do
you not believe that .- the " condition of
your people ¦would be improved if they ac
cepted amnesty now offered?*
"The subject of amnesty was gone over
very thoroughly. I asked him if he would
accept amnesty offered by the Commis
sioners sent out by the United States. He
replied:
""No, I will not accept amnesty. I
would not trust them." I have not forgot
ten the professions of friendship and of
support given me by Dewey and Otis an--l
all of them, and especially "Wlldman. My
army fought with them and fought well
to defeat the Spanish, and promises most
solemnly given that -we -were to have in
dependence were madei v All these solemn
promises have been repudiated by. them
all. No, amnesty means slavery and obed
ience to the will of McKlnley.' r :-
"My letters to Aguinaldo," said . the
agent, "were carefully scrutinized by him.
As they were from those whom he knew
to' be his trusted friends, he received mo
without' restraint or hesitation. I re
mained there for four days and was the
recipient of his full confidence and had
from him the most unreserved expression
of his sentiments and purposes, as well as
his ideas concerning 1 the condition of his
country and the great struggle now going
on there. I was astonished at his knowl
edge of the history of the United States
and its great statesmen.
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.— The "World to
morrow will publish what It claims to be
a well-authenticated Interview with Agul
naldo, obtained by an American, a trusted
agent of Carlos Rubino, a prominent mer
chant in Manila, It was forwarded here
through the mall. Aguinaldo was found
in the Filipino capital by Senor Rubino's
agent.
Filipinos Will Fignt On
Until They Govern
Themselves.
Declares He Intends
to Continue the
Warfare.
AGUINALDO IS
NOT IN FAVOR
OF AMNESTY
"I was asked a similar cuestlon by a
minister and to him I replied that I up
held Mrs. Nation and believed If I had a
husband and sons who were being ruined
by the llauor habit I. too. would develop
some of the she-bear Instinct."
Continuing, Mother Stawart said:
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio. Jan. 26.— Mother
Stewart, famous over the world for her
crusades In the- Interest of
when asked to-day her opinion of Mrs.
Nation and her actions In Kansas said:
"I glory In her."
Predicts Murder of the Crusader.
Glories in Mrs. Nation's Work and
MOTHEB STEWABT" TALKS.
Most of the Joints here wer« elosed an
the evening in the expectation of raids
by Mrs. Nation, 'x nere are some elegantly
furnished saloons here, and the owners
did not want Mrs. Nation to hava a
chance at the fixtures.
Mrs. Nation will deliver an address to
morrow night in ono of the largest
churches of the city.
The Police Judge could not be found to
night to sign the warrant for the arrest of
Mrs. Myers, and that matter will rest un
til Monday. Mrs. Nation says she will
prosecute her vigorously.
Mrs. Nation Unas a different condition
In Topeka than the other Kansas towns
she has worked in. Chief of Police Stahl
is an ardent temperance worker, and ha
will order his officers to protect Mrs. Na
tion from mob violence whenever neces
sary.
Mrs. Nation addressed the mob for &
few moments and they gave her attention.
She gave a logical explanation of her ac
tion and said she was a law-abiding citi
zen whenever she raided a Joint, as a
Joint had no rights. She was then con
ducted to the place where she was to
spend the night. The crowd was kept
away from her by a detail of officers.
The ruffians fell over each other In set
ting out of the war, and Mrs. Nation then
proceeded to the office of Assistant City
Attorney Gregg, where the warrant was
sworn out. The crowd attempted to enter
the office bulld'ng, but was stood off by
the omcers with drawn pistols.
"I am here to protect this woman, and
I will shoot the first man who makes a.
move toward her. Stand back, you vil
lains!" «* -.- ' ¦>
As Mrs. Nation and the policeman
stepped out the front door of the Capital
building the crowd which had been wait
ing In the street surged toward her. The
policeman instantly drew his pistol and
shouted above the uproar:
office, where she could swear out the war
rant. Mrs. Nation readily assented to
accompany the officer on his assurance
that he would let nothing harm her.
;red to take her to the City Attorney**
Mrs. Nation then Inquired where sha
could go to swear out a warrant against
the woman 'who assaulted her.
Officer Luster, who was present, volun-
"I would go out against the Joints It X
had some women to go with me. But X
will rest for a day r ot i two. Something
will be done here yet. Tou may count on
that." '¦":*.¦'¦
She asked how many Joints there wera
In Topeka. On being Informed that there
were more than a hundred she threw up
her hands In horror and said the condi
tion must not last any longer. She said:
Mrs. Nation at last found refuge In tha
editorial rooms of the TopeJia Capital.
where the crowd was not allowed to en
ter. Here, surrounded by reporters and
newspaper correspondents, she detailed
the story of her experiences and what she
expected to do in the future.
Policeman Luster then appeared on tha
pcene for the purpose of protecting Mrs.
Nation. He commanded the mob to stand
back and started up the street with Mrs.
Nation, all the time followed by hooting.
Jeering rowdies, who were sympathizers
with the Jointkeepcrs.
""What does a broomstick amount to."
she inquired, "to one who has been so
much used to rawhtfles. rocks and rotten
eggs? That woman should be Immediately
arrested, though. "Where is an ofScerr*
By this time a crowd of a thousand peo
ple had gathered, among whom wera
numerous sympathizers of Mrs. Nation.
Nobody attempted to Interfere and soon
the Jolntist's wife stopped her assault.
Mrs. Nation said she was not hurt by
her experience In the least.
ists.
The keepers of the saloons had become
apprised of her intentions and when sno
arrived at Ed Myeis* Joint on Kansas
avenue she was confronted by the wife
of that Individual, who rained blow after
blow on her head with a broomstick, whilo
Myers stood by and encouraged the effort.
TOPEKA. Kans.. Jan. 28.— Mrs. Carrla
Nation caused a great flurry amonj th«.
Joint-keepers of Topeka to-night and as
a result knows what It is to be roughly
treated by a mob. Mrs. Nation arrived In
Topeka at 6:40 and immediately hunted
up a newspaper reporter with a request
that she be shown some of the leading-
Joints of the city. Two newspaper men
volunteered to pilot her around. She said
she did not wish to begin a smashing
crusade, but wanted to talk to the Joint-
Police With Drawn Reyol
vers Protect Crusader
From Ruffians.
Wife of Topeka Joint-
Keeper Assails the
Saloon-Wrecker.
MRS. NATION
BEATEN WITH
A BROOMSTICK
PEKING. Jan. 26.— United States Min
ister Conger called upon Prince Chins to
day. The visit was mainly a social call.
Prince Chlng expressed regret at the re
fusal of the Minister to give the Chinese
the Forbidden City in order that they
might prepare for the Emperor, saying
that it was impossible for the Emperor to
return to Peking until a place shall have
been prepared for his residence. . Prlncs
Chlng also stated that he had informed
the' missionaries that the Chinese Gov
ernment had no objection to their remain
ing In the country and continuing their
work, which was often beneficial to the
country. .' He considered"! many of them
good men.
BERLIN, Jan. 26.— A dispatch from
Tientsin says a Japanese expedition has
left Peking, going in. the direction of
Shansl province, with the object of scout
ing. _
VISITS FBINCE CHING.
rages as severely as possible.
cree and those whom the representatives
of the powers should subsequently desig
nate. ¦ S •:„-.» . . _ : ..
? It is understood that In the discussion
now in progress' In Pekln? the Chinese
envoys have submitted their propositions,
and these are being considered by the
envoys. If China concludes that It 13 Im
possible for her to -Impose the death pun
ishment the -United States will make no
objection, simply urging that she shall
iunlsh the responsible authors of the out-
to-day that In the preliminary . agreement
accepted by the powers and China the
Chinefe Government was required to Im
pose ¦ "the • severest punishment" ' upon
eleven officials named in the Imperial de-
CALX. BTTREATT, 14Cfi G STREET. N.
W., "WASHINGTON. Jan. 26.-Though ad
ministration officials insist that they
know' of no new "misinterpretation" of
instructions on the part of Minister Con
ger it Is apparent that they are deeply
concerned over his conduct of Important
questions now' engaging the attention of
foreign representatives in Peking.
Fortunately W. W. Rockhtll.. the spe
cial commissioner sent to China last sum
mer, is on the ground, and he keeps Sec
retary Hay advised of the progress of ne
gotiations, so that If Mr. Conger makes
any further mistakes prompt action look
ing. to their disavowal can be taken. -
Dally dispatches are being received
.from both Conger and Rockhill. and it is
believed that by direction of the Presi
dent, and Secretaiy Hay. Rockhill 13
taking a .more prominent part in the ne
gotiations now going on than Conger
permitted him to do In the preliminary
discussion.
the President and Secretary of
Ftate have the highest regard for Rock
hlll and they are confident that his Judg
ment, based upon an intimate acquaint
ance with the Chinese character, will en
able the Government to take proper steps
for the protection of American Interests.
The administration does not believe that
Conger has agreed to any demand for the
imposition of the death penalty upon
several prominent Chinese Certainly he
has given the Department of State no
t-uch information. It was pointed out
Special Dispatch to The Call v "^
It Is Evident That America
Will Not Insist on- .
¦ Death Penalty.
Commissioner Rock-
Ill to Correct All
Mistakes.
DEEP CONCERN
OVER CONDUCT
OF CONGER
ELABORATE PREPARATIONS
MADE FOR THE FUNERAL
OF THE DECEASED RULER
Pages 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 58.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 27, i901—THIRTYrtwb PAGES.
.'•"¦^V -":.--;;- -¦'-."t:- ¦';
JAMES PHIPPS.
THERE, is a man In 'this "city who
sang at the coronation exercises of
Queen Victoria and who will be
in . attendance at the funeral -ser-.
vices' in', memory -'of 'the Queen in
this city next Saturday. -having, been ap
pointed by. Dr. d'Evelvn to be body.guard
to Consul General PlckersgM on that oc
casion. This 1 is Jamr'3 Phipps,- who t re
sides at 659 Howard street.- In the window
of, -his home on Howard street he -has
placed a fine portrait of Queen' Victoria,
and there," surrounded with ; evergreens*, to
signify eternal, memorv, and 8able"dfapcr
ies t to shadow forth the grief of. the Eng- :
lish' people,': It is seen by all passers.C Mr.
Phipps was born In Oxfordshire, England;
at . Milton, I on : ''.Waterloo" ', day, 'June 'IS,
seventy-two : years ago. ' He 4 lsften ; yeara
and! some days younger than.' was^; the
Queen at' the time of 1n»r death.- He 'looks
strong and well .'and may look forward to
filling out as many years as the sovereign
whose death he laments'. .
"I was singing In a choir at Whitney, In
Oxfordshire, England, < at the 1 time of :¦ tha
Queen's ' accession to "the' throne,'; "" said
Mr. ; Phipps,' telling ' ofjthe ; event dear <¦ to
his memory. "When the 'coronation i day
.'-'Continued .oh PageSiitesn. •
Continued' on Page Sixteen. -.
ROME, Jan. 26.-MonsIgmor Ingell, pri
vate secretary to the Pope, says no sover
eign's death caused his Holiness such
profound emotion" as that of Queen Vic
toria. He always had a most affectionate
regard for her Majesty and she for him.
Letters were exchanged, between them as
recently as last December. The Pope re
gards her death as an almost Irreparable
loss to Christianity, she having- con
tributed more than any other monarch to
the triumph of Christian sentiments and
the moral virtues. The Pope Is said ' to
be already engaged on a memoriam poem.
He Is convinced that the death' of Queen
Victoria Is a solemn notice to him. to pre
paro for his own * end. • "
a Solemn Warning.
Pontiff Begards Sovereign's 3>eath as
Emperor "William looked decidedly pale
and careworn, and the Crown Prince Bat
side by side In the leading landau with
the Duke of Connaught. The party drove
to Osborne, returning the silent salutes of
the bareheaded groups along the route.
POPE LEO AND THE QUEEN.
On the return of the Alberta, at 11:20
a- m., his Majesty and the Crown Prince
•were standing on the bridge of the boat.
The Duke of Connaught boarded the yacht
and welcomed them. As soon as Emperor
William debarked his flag at the mast
head was lowered. Carriages were In
waiting for the party.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLRalph Campbell, electrician, aged 22, and
residing with his,, widowed, mother and
four unmarried sisters at 1671 ..'Golden
Gate avenue, met with: a perhaps fatal
accident yesterday, lorenoon^ Campbell.
who' is acquainted with G. M.' Peacock,
an electrician at' 270 O'Farrell street.' vol
unteered to assist htm in fixing the elec
tric bells attached to 'the Royal * lodging
house at 126 Ellis street. , While on the
roof of the building In. the rear. Campbell
lost his. footing .and 'fell a distance of
seventy 'feet Into 1 Carlos alley.' " .' ¦
The unconscious man was removed to
thft Emergency Hospital, where Dr. Starr
found; he had -sustained a, fracture of -the
right Jawbone and also of the base of the
skull and Internal/ injuries- which? will. It
Is- thought, prove fatal.-. . . : ¦;
•Later in the' af ternoon-the " Injured man
was removed to Dr.- Ward's sanitarium- on
Central . avenue. " ! ;..:•• •,...,:.¦ r
YOUNG EliECTBICIAN
FALLS SEVENTT FEET
New Austrian Society.
' A new society tobo known as the Aus
trian Benevolent Society has been organ
ized. It Is a merging of the Austrian
Benevolent Society and the Slavonic So
ciety. ¦•The new officers are:
- President. Joseph Blut; vice president
Marcus Yonke; recording secretary, Jo
seph Pons; financial secretary, Jacob
Jaksha; assistant secretary, John Ger6ic*
treasurer, John. Judnich; ; marshal, John
Rukar; trustees— Joseph ; Koenlg, Peter
Starasintc, Martin Smockar; finance com
mittee—Kick' Erdelc,' Martin Govednlk.'
John Startha, John SvegeL «*-««*.
The Association of Collegfate Alumna
held its regular, quarterly meeting yester
day afternoon at the rooms of the Soroaia
Club on California street. After the meet
ing a reception was tendered the female
students of the University of the Stat«
of California; and Stanford University
who are in' the senior class and are eli
gible to membership in the association
It was an, entirely informal affair. Ther4
was no, set programme.: The guests after
taking luncheon, were addressed by sev
eraT members of the associatlonVwho dis"
f" S e-'wo t m e S " b >. jet:t> - ° Z ¦ " Openln 83 ? f or Col
.. Mrs. ; Mary Robert Smith, professor nf
economics at Stanford, read an interestin-r
paper dealing: with the duties and s P h er f
occupied by women in college facultli^
Miss Mabel. Craft: talked of "Women a-i
Editors" and Mrs. B. Fay Mills S „?
'HVomen- in ;the Ministry." 'The subl^f
of : "Women in . Philanthropy" VS iu
cussefl - by . ' Miss .Catherine Feltom B^
tween the several addresses vocal. and in
strumental selections were rendered hv
mem^^the^s^ion^^ ? ~0
Interesting Addresses Delivered oa
Subject of Openings for College-
Women After Graduation. "
COLLEGIATE ALUMNAE
' > ENTEBTAIN MANY. GUESTS
LETTEE CAREIEES EWJO Y
ANNUAL ENTEBTAINMENT
The- -thirteenth annual entertainment
and ball of the San Francisco Letter Car
riers' Mutual Aid Association, held In Na
tive Sons' Hall last r.ighUwas, in point of
success, above the limit hitherto Attained
by. the, always, popular functions of the
postofflce Mercuries.
Of talent of all kinds there was a plen
tiful array. The' hit of the evening, how
ever, was made^by, KeJly and Marlow.in
their Irish specialty. This clever team of
Hibernian impersonators had to respond
to s encore after : encore and , never, wort
their, welcome : out. ' : The Harmony Quar
tet"" Banff sweetly. George McOea and
Harry, Cooper evolved something new In
German comedy. Thomas \y. Hlckoy re
cited in a thrilling manner. William J.
O'Brien -warbled in tenor" tones and' Miss
Alice Neuhause tooted a cornet in a way
which caught the fancy of the house.
The committees in charge of. the affair
and who brought it to its successful con
clusion were as follows: . .:. .
/ Committee of, arraneements— A. B. Goetze,
chairman; Charles McAullfTe, treasurer; Conrad
TrlPber. ¦ secretary ; ¦ T. > . B." -. Mahoney, - R,' - r U.
Barton. , . ....
Floor manaeer. Charles Me AulifTe; assistant,
Lincoln I. Marks. •' •'<-•• •- ;-- ¦• = ¦-.•,-
Floor committee— George ;"W.., Splller, Guy
Sawtelle. James Haedrlch,' Conrad Bell.- Harry
F Loran. "Frank • Keogh. ¦ P. J. Whelan, : Frank
Tyrrell. J. C. ; Murphy, J.: S. Sullivan. Edward
ZlEka, G. Goldberg. Fred Stanley.
Reception ¦ committee— Louis •' BohrlnC* (chair
rr.an). L. Comes. R. B. Beall. Fred H. Fahren
holz. T. J. Mctetyre, J.B. Welch. I. Holz. J.
M. Lrfpplncott. J. H.- 8mtth,~' Harry '.Van do
Water. ¦• Georxe'A. Marx. H. M. ¦• Locke •¦< <i •»
¦¦:•,»-¦'•-..•.•-¦••...•,•¦.': . ¦••,.'.;¦-•
PHOENIX, Jan. t«.— A. report from Clifton.
Ariz.. 'nay« Augrustlne Chacon.- " the . ' noted
bandit. Is planning to r^ontanize' hl« tenng or
.Mexicans and. raid. the Tombstone Jail to res
cue Pesquera, ¦ his partner, who was recently
captured. In N'ogale*. . , , .
BTOCKTON.t Jan. 16.— Eujren* Roblnsoa. col
ored, pleaded rullty to fvro charge* of burg
lsry and attempted Jail breaking: and was sen
tenced to-day to eleven years at Folsom. Rob
litson on his return to jail, after sentence took
morphine and may die. - • •. .
BAN. DIEGO. Jan. 86.— R*ar Admiral Chsey.
who succeeds Rear Admiral Kautz, who Is in
command on this coast and Is about. to-retlre,
arrived from the Eaat this evening ¦ Admiral
Casey will take over the command next *Mon
«!»>¦• ¦ s-. , t ¦', ''- ¦
i SAN 'DIEGO. Jan. ' " 28.— Tlie • recently ap
pointed director! of th. .San Diego County
Asrtcyltural 'Association . met at 5 the Chamber
of Oornm«rce -to-day % and decided to hdld a
county fair on tho 12th. 13th, ma and 15th of
March. v . .' • ¦ . :: - ¦¦
. DAWBOK, ¦ Jan. 17 {via. Victoria,* Jan. 26).—
The motion for a new trial In tha cane of
James Slorab ha» been refuted,- and unless the
Minister of Justice Interferes, Elorah .wUI be
hanged on March 2. • . ,
EKAGUAT. Jan. 20 (via. Victoria. Jan. !6).—
A- biff • storm * prevails on "White Paa« : Una no
trains have arrived from Bennett In twelve
days. . ¦ ¦ .
COAST BREVITIES.
COMMISSION ANNOUNCES
THREE ELIGIBLE LISTS
Successful Applicants in Civil Service
¦ Examinations for Various
Positions.
The Civil Service Commission yesterday
announced three civil service eligible lists.
The first is for side sewer Inspector In the
Board of Public Works, .in which John
Foppiano stands first with S4.5 per cent,
and,T. H. ,J. Sullivan second with 83 per
cent. Foppiano has held the position for
the last twelve years and will be reap
pointed. The eligible list for market in
spectors in the Health Department fol
lows:
. John Regran. 912:. Thomas M. McEnroe, 9fl «•
Sf? 1 "? 1 J - t -' am Pb«l'. 95.5; Joseph L,. River
32.2: James. O'Loary. SL6; John Brown, 88.15;
William H. Lamb. S6.2; William H. Jordan.
85.75; John. M. Larroche, 82.6. '• '
i Of y 1^,"^ markt! t Inspectors now em
ployed Regan, River and Brown will be
reappointed,. Jordan is too low to be cer
tificated for appointmentrand Daniel Pow
ers did not get on the list. The eligible list
for painters in the Board of Public Works
follows: ', -. . . ,
••'Harry F. Sheehan. J 1CO: William • Buchanan.
100; Frank M.Spiller, 86.23; Matthew F. H-y
iron. 9d; Thomas W.Cullen. 84; Jtunn rw
Reinfeld.:92.5: Theodore A. O"Neiil. 91-^ehtH
las Fitzgerald. 89.5; John M. McLennan. $sT
FA trl & J> Ba ? le . t . t - 88 ' 9: James H - Smallbone
|6.8; Thomas J. Moran. 88.2; James U. Nolan
S-.S: James K. Lynch. S3.5; Joseph A. Fitz
petrick. S3. 5;. John Stammer. 82.6;- Thomas
Linton, 82; Joseph Dougherty. 80.5; Benton B
Brown. 80.5; Michael 1. McCarthy SO 5- EdI
vr&tA Goodwin. 79.9; William T. Burns' 79 9-
Charles J. Sheehy. 79.6; John Evans 79 :
Charles I.,Cohen. 73: Edwarrt J. Marlev '7<M :
Jthn W. Johnson. ' 77.5;- Clarence U Howard'
77.5j James J.. Bums. 77.5; John H. T. Smith!
-V- th V r J « St , reett -- 76: Peter IV O'Connor*
76;. Charles Haake. 73.1.-. .
Branch No. 1 of the State'Association
Elects Officers for Mutual
Protection. ... •
The California Liquor Dealers' Associa
tion No. 1 was organized yesterday in
B'nal B'rith Hall. The meeting was called
to order by the temporary president, E. L.
Wagner, who stated that the object of the
association was to take steps to. protect
the interests of liquor dealers against
threatened adverse legislation , r and for the
social advancement of- the members. He
stated that it .was the intention to or
ganize branches in every city in the State,
and ''that efforts had be.en made; since last
July to bring about the consummation of
the project. Mr. Wagner was followed by
William Clack. Jesse Marks jind ' Peter
Dunne,- who spoke briefly on the needs of
organizing, in order to protect the retail
liquor interests. >«_\ m
After the speechmaklng Chairman Wag
ner appointed a nominating committee,
consisting of Frank . Dunn. Thomas Lind
say. Jesse Marks. 'John Michel and Frank
McCann, end upon their, recommendation
the following named officers were. elected
to serve for the ensuing. year: President,
B. L. Wagner: vice president. Harry
Cousins: secretary, William Clack: treas
urer, Oscar Hocks; sergeant-atrarms,
Charles Kaufman;. board of directors— E.
8. Nolan.J. Michel. P. J. Wenlger. M.
Ludwig, T. Lunstedt. M. F. O'Connor,
CharlesL: Adams, Charles M. Fisher, F.
N. Bent. R. D. Hagerty Morris Levy,
John L. Herget, William Laib. Frank Mc-
Cann. Frank Dunn, Henry Newhoff,
James L. Ward and L«eon Franks.
The, board of directors consists of
eighteen members, each of whom will rep
resent an Assembly district. They will
met at B'nai -B'rith Hall next Thursday
afternoon at 3 o'clopk. At the meeting
Secretary Clack will submit a printed cir
cular, which will' be .forwarded to every
city in the State to convince retail liquor
dealers of the necessity of organization.
Clack has already . received assurances
from Hanford. Tulare County; Watson
vllle, San Jose, Santa Cruz, '. Sacramento
and . several other cities . that steps .will be
taken to effect organization on lines simi
lar to those in this city. ? •
RETAIL LIQTJOBrDEALERS
PERFECT ORGANIZATION
Draw Lots for Places to Be Filled by
,. Them in Receiving Hos
. • pitals.
j "Gentlemen .'• please stand up and. be
counted," said Dr. Edwin Bunnell yester
day morning. at , the Receiving Hospitdl
to the new class of-Phelan physicians. '
j There was only one little break in the
programme. Dr. McGettigan, not desiring
to be bound politically hand and foot, de
clined the appointment, .so Dr. McElroy
was run In at the last minute .as' a sub
stitute. , • " ; - ,
j Dr. Bunnell 1b a quick operator.'. He
knew what he had to do. so he did not
waste any time in preliminaries.:.: Borrow
ing Steward Bucher's silk hat, '• he threw
slxsmall Blips of paper iiito it. On three
of them, were the. words "Central .Hos
pital" and on the others "Water Front
Hospital." Six hands with remarkable
celerity reached into it ahd, nearly knock
ed the crown out. As a result of the
drawing, next Friday, morning : Drs. Mur
phy, Von der Ueth and McElroy will be
gin taking regular, turns at the Receiving
Hospital at the City Hall, while Drs. Mor
rison, Malaby and Armlstead will be as
signed to the "water, front.
Dr. Bunnell then closed the office door,
took the new doctors into the vault and
showed where the D. .T. mixture is usually
kept. 'But. In' order to keep.withln the
drug supply appropriation an adjournment
was ¦ taken 'to a shady cellar across the
way, where other things not political were
discussed. ¦ - - f ,
NEW DOCTORS GIVEN ; ,
¦ ¦ THEIE. ASSIGNMENTS
Farmers' Institute Closes.
WOODLAND, Jan. 25,— The Farmers' In
stitute closed this evening. The lectures
of Professors Fowler and TYIckson have
awakened unusual lpterest and 'the last
sessions of the institute were well attend
ed. Owing to the discussions which the
lectures provoked nearly half of the pro
grammes were omitted because of lack of
time.
Masons Elect Officers,
At a meeting of Godfrey de St. Omar
rreceptorr *Co. 1, Knights Kadoeh. thir
tieth degree cf the Ancient and Accepted
Scottish Kite of Freemasonry of this
city, held In Masosic Temple on Thursday
evening last, the following officers were
elected to serve for the ensuing Masonic
*«ar:
Charlen 1>. Paiten, preceptor; Harry J. Lack,
first «ub-pr*3ei>tor: Jothua £pplng«r. seoond
eub-preceptor; John P. Praser, chaueeUor:
"Hvary Aerroft. or*tor: William' S." sictm, al
moner; Henry Burner, recorder; , Lippman
Eechs, treasurer.
The following were named es the ap
pointed officers:
O. "W. Bauer, marshal cf ceremonies; J.
lAwrence, turcopllier; Daniel J. Eflgar, draper:
T^llUun H. Hlndle. first, deaeon; Henry J
Grauarbols, «econ<] deacon; Wlllard. C. "Welch,
t^arer of tlie beaus«a.nt: Ca*ton K Bacon.
bearer cf whlt« standard: Leon D. Stone
b«arer of black standard; Harry Larkln, lieu
tenant of ruard; John d'Arcy, sentinel.
The lnstallatlonfollowed. the ordination
being performed by Charles W. Conlisk.
acting as master, and Frank E. Ladd, as
master of ceremonies
and Santa Cruz should go tosether and
make a district with San Mateo, thereby
preventing the shifting of. counties from
one district to another, like the falling of
bricks in a row. It would make a dis
trict a little overweight,: just asSan.Be
nlto and Santa Crua would make one a
little underweight; but one Is as good or
as bad as the other, and about the'eon-
I
owner of the. copyright, then the board
may purchase the right to make such use
of the textbook. upon terms that the board
shall deem reasonable; provided that the
purchase will obtain for use in the com
mon schools of the State a satisfactory
textbook at a cost less than would be re
quired to compile a • lex t book of equal
merit.
It is provided, further, that the Sta'a
board may add to each book containing
copyrighted matter a sum sufficient to pay
for the use. of the copyrighted matter con
tained in the volume. Should there occur
any surplus in the book fund from this
addition >to the price of each book It is
provided that it shall bo devoted to the
purchase of copyrighted matter such S3
that mentioned in the bill.
EPRINGFIELD, 111., Jan. 28.- William
Joshua Allen. Judge of the United States
District Court for the Southern ! District,
died this ; afternoon. at Hot Springs, Ark.,
of pneumonia; aged 77. He was a member
of Congress In 1862-66.
William J. Allen.
NASHVILLE ; Tenn.. Jan. 26.— R S.
Gardiner Sr., the turf man and breeder, died
at his home near this city -to-night, aged
57 years. He was proprietor of the Avon
dale Stud, at the head of which Is Imp.
Quicklime, and \ras widely known to turf
men throughout th© country.
E. S.' Gardiner.
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 26.— F. A. Conover, an
insurance man, who has been In business
here for' the past twelvo years, died sud
denly this morning after an Illness last
ing only. a few days. He recently went
to Bakersfleld to look at some oil lands
in which he was interested and caught a
cold which developed into • pneumonia
while there. Mr. Conover was 63 years of
age and was born. In Ohio, but he came to
this country from Council Bluffs. He Is
survived by a widow and two daughters-
Mrs. Lounsberry of this city and -Mrs.
George W. Bates of San Francisco.
F. A. Conover.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 26.— Richard Dale,
one of the earliest residents of.thls city,
died to-ni£ht, aged 76 years. He was an
Englishman and was present at the coro
nation of Queen Victoria and/delighted in
describing the ceremonies of that event.
He crossed the plains, arriving in Sacra
mento in 1849 and engaged in business In
this city, opening the first music and va
riety store ever established here. He
¦was a very charitable man, and' during
the fifties- no one in distress who applied
to him for aid received less than $50. In
later years he was prominent In the work
of the Howard Benevolent 'Association,
arid at one time was president of that
body. He died penniless.
Richard Dale.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 26.— The San Jadnto
Oil Company, In territory which was for
merly in this county, has decided to move
its machinery and sink another hole In
the ground to see if oil cannot be found.
The first well developed artesian water,
which is almost as valuable as the oil:
but. having found the water, the com
pany will move Its derrick to the other
side of the anticline and try it again.
The water In the well already sunk has
been sold for as much as It would cost to
put down another hole.
Strikes Artesian "Water.
The general committee, of which tMayor
Martin is chairman, is goin? right ahead
with the arrangements. . Sub-committees
have been appointed, j The. , carnival of
roses, as the event has. been named, will
probably last three days, the principal
day to be that of. the President's vlalt.
A street pageant and reception will mark
the occasion and If the guest can be In
duced to remain over night there will be a
banquet and ball in his honor. In the pro
cession will be floats emblematic of all
sections of the county and thi3 great
pageant will thread its way through hand
some floral arches and streets lined with
evergreens, while overhead win be flags
and vari-colored bunting.
SAX JOSE, Jan. 26.— San Jose Is pre
paring a welcome to President McKlnley,
on his visit to the coast next May, that
will not be rivaled anywhere on the coast.
The great floral fete will be a magnificent
offering to the country's Chief Executivo.
Every school district In the county Is
raising sweet peas and other flowers to be
used in decorating floats and displays.
Acres" ! upon acres • of flowers will be
planted. For the past two days the of
fice of County Superintedent of Schools
Chipman has been crowded • with people
who have called for seeds to plant. Some
200 pounds of sweet pea seed has already
been distributed.
arations for the Carnival
of Roses.
All Santa Clara Connty leaking Prep-
PLANTING FLO WEBS FOB
McKINLE"JTS RECEPTION
CALL . HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 26.— The Ways and Means
Committee of the Assembly has so far
had passed to it appropriations aggregat-*
ing $400,000. Of these, appropriations ag
gregating $15,000 have been ¦ reported upon
favorably and the remainder are still un
der consideration. ¦ The largest, that ap-
Considering Appropriation Bills.
tlguous properties of both counties It is
urged that it is not a mere corner where
they join, but a good' half-mile of boun
dary line, sufficient for the strictest of
legislators to found a district upon.
.The former Idea of San. Benito, Monte
rey and San Luis Obispo is urged be
cause of an Identity of interest through
out the three counties, and the. latter as "a
measure of expediency, where, all parties
concerned are willing, and both are Im
portant from the fact that In one case it
will result in a shifting or counties from
the terms of the bill down to the south,
across to the east and up again to the
north until the whole San Joaquin Val
ley has been' changed again. If San Ma
teo. Santa Cruz and San Benito go to
gether* It will be,' buf adding San Benito
.to a small proposed district and leaving
things elsewhere as- they are. • ¦
It bids fair to be a mix-up any way it
Is taken, and it will be further compli
cated when the Assemblymen get Into full
Bwlng and commence "kicking." The
lucky feRture of It Is that Senatorial dis
trict lines are not hampered by Congres
sional district lines, while those of As
sembly districts are. An Assembly "dis
trict may not be split by a Congressional
line. '. rf ' . " "'' .V 1 v '>-"-'
"So far San Francisco- has cut but. a
small figure In apportionment affairs.' The
threat that she would "be* mulcted: to the
extent of a Senator has filed 1 away, and
her Senators and Afcsfcm&lymen have not
yet-started to fight over-their own : dis
tricts. ¦'¦'" The schemes to' portion out'the
city to"" various" Congressional -districts
have narrowed- down to two — one to join
the city ; with* counties and one to give her
two Congressional districts all to herself.
This latter probably will 'be the outcome,
for It will simplify matters, besides giving
the San Francisco delegation what it will
be glad to get.
The city is credited with a population of
342.782. -Each Congressional : district" is
presumed to have 1S0.000. <To split the
city into two without outside assistance
would leave each district about 9000 short,
but the city, delegation Is willing to risk
making it up in the next two years, and
the rest of the State seems willing...'
Kicked by a Mule.
WILLOWS, Jan. 26.— John Smyth, whfl«
working on the James Feeny ranch. & few
miles from here, was kicked by a mule to
day. It is feared he will die.
TACOMA. Jan.. 28.— When th« littls
steamer Edith arrived at her dock this
afternoon from the halibut fishing bank*
of Southeastern Alaska she had on boar 1
the body of her fireman, John O'Brien,
also known as John Miller. Last Sunday
morning, while on the fishing banks.
O'Brien was at work in the coal bunkers
when a mass of coal fell,- striking a
steamptoe and breaking it. The fireman
could nut make bis way out and was
badly scalded, dying before help could
reach him. The Edith's officers say that
he was cooked to death.
O'Brien la nald to have deserted *roTi
the stokehold of a foreign steamship,
which explains why he went by two
names. ¦/> .- ; ...
Peculiar Fate of tho Fireman of a
Steamer^ >^>
DEATH BY ' SCALDING.
to Investigating 1 .
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 26.-The officials of
this city were much exercised this morn
ing over the discovery of bloody footprints
which showed plainly the entire length or
more than seven blocks of cement nlde
walk. Inquiry resulted In the discroery
that the bloody foot belonged to a Chi
nese domestic called Joe. and that he- met
an accident while trying to learn how to
navigate a bicycle in the lats hours of tho
night.
This city boasts of a Chinese blcycl*
club. It is composed of the servants of
people who live away from the center of
the town. It Is a common sight to see a
dozen or more Mongols biking through tha
streets. Joe wanted to join the club and
tried to learn how to ride. At midnight
in the shadow of the Hotel Rafael, ho
mounted his wheel and started down the
drive. An electric light pole danced out
Into the middle of the street and butted
into him. Joe and the bike bit the dust.
Remounting, he succeeded in reaching
Sixth street, manufacturing snake tracks
as he went. At the railroad crossing he
collided with the danger signal and was
thrown to the ground. j± a o j,j can cover
buried itself in his kne© and blood began
to flow. It was while searching for a doc
tor Joe left the bloody footprints. Dr.'W
F\ Jones stitched' up the- wound an* th<»
Chinese will soon bo able to resume hid
cycling. "•. * - • ¦ . • •* ¦ • ' •
MONGOL WRESTLES WITH,
A BUCKING BICYCLE
Leaves Behind a Trail of Blood That
Puts the Sleuths of San. Rafael
SAN JOSE. Jan. 26.— The directors of the
Insolvent Union Savings Bank to-day
levied ui "assensment of $60. per share on
the capital stock of thetoarik. It Is payable
Immediately • and delinquent March 8.
Asessment Levied.
SAX DIEGO, Jan. 26.— There were a few
showers to-day. In the city, but in the
country the storm -was much heavier. At
Cuyamaca the rainfall for the storm was
2Vi- inches.
Heavy Fall of Rain.
The lamp explosion ignited her dress
and a pair of lace window curtains. Dis
regarding her own danger she picked up
the blazing lamp and carired It Into the
yard. To save herself she ran, into tho
house and threw herself ¦ flat on rugs
which she pulled around herself. This
done, she carired three younger chil
dren out of the burning house and ran
for water, which she was pouring on the
fire when help arrived.- '
; TACOMA. Jan. 25.-Miss Mary Cun
ningham, daughter of a farmer living
on Spring Flat, southwest of Pullman,
was seriously burned by the explosion of
a lamp on Thursday night. The brave
girl succeeded in rescuing several
younger members of the family and car
ried the.' burning lamp -out. of the house
while her own clothing was on fire and
she was being terribly burned. She
-saved the house from destruction.
While Rescuing a Trio of
Little Ones.
Farmer's Daughter Terribly Burned
SAVES 'I'H U.W, CHTLDBEN ' d
ritOM DEATH TN TTKE
Special Dispatch to The CalL
%
proprlattng $100,000 for the purchase of
more land for the Agricultural Park In
Sacramento, has been acted upon favor
ably, but 'it has not yet been reported
upon to the Assembly and it may be re
considered. ••• ¦»»
ASSEMBLY COMMITTEE
J. AT AGNEWS ASYLUM
Trustees of the Institution Point Out
STATE SUPERINTENDENT... ";
' KTRK'S TEXTBOOK BILL
the Needs of the State
- Hospital. \ I
SAN JOSE, i Jan. 26.-The Assembly
State Hospital Committee of the Legisla
ture, composed of Assemblymen Schllllg
(chairman); : Henry, Gullfoyle, -Cowan,
Dunlap, Macbeth, Radcliff, Miller,
Wright, Webber and Bennlnk. made a
Junketing trip to Agnews Asylum to-day
and inspected that institution. AVlth the
Asylum Trustees the needs of the hospital
were discussed, and .pointed out. The
Trustees have asked the Legislature for
an appropriation of 550,000 to. erect two
brick cottages capable of accommodating
200 convalescent patient3, $5000 for a water
tower and JoCOO for an artesian well for
an increased water supply. S? Assembly
men Macbeth.Bennink and Miller also In
spected the State Norman School here. '
Head of the v Department of Public
Instruction, Proposes' Certain "¦
'¦ . ' , ¦ Iieg^islation. i .
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. : 26.— State Superintendent
of Public Instruction T. J. Kirk has taken
a hand in school legislation to the extent
of preparing a measure on the subjecc of
textbooks, which will goon be introduced
in the Assembly. The bill provides that
the State' Board.. of Education, in compil
ing textbooks- 'for use In the common
schools ot the. Stafe, may, with or with
out change, make use of all or any part
of any textbook at the time existing:: and
if the existing textbook or any part of it
desired by the board »hall a* the time ba
copyrighted r> and the board' cannot law
fully makejt without the consent of tho
CA1SL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 2?.— Tho question
of apportionment has' simmered
down to Senatorial and Assembly
districts, and each Senator and
each Assemblyman is figuring how best
he. can flxjuj^ft district in which he Is a
sure winner. In consequence, the Repub
.llcan counties" are , much sought after and
the Democratic ones are very much like
political wall flowers, for every one Is
willing to let; them go to his neighbor,
j The objection of Senator Davis to the
addition of Tuolumne and the loss of
Mono has been recounted. The 'desire of
{-uchsinger to go it'alone with Solano Is
Hkely'to be nipped ln'the bud, and several
moro equally ambitious are doomed to dis
appointment, for the reason that while
Democratic counties may be politically
dead they 'Obstinately refuse to get off the
map. ¦:,•..
There is a desire on the part of Monte
rey-and San Bentto to Join with San Luis
Obispo and form a Senatorial district in
defiance of CutteT's bill, which says that
Kern and San Luis Obispo' shall go to
gether, and Monterey, San Benito, Merced
and Stanislaus shall Hock 'by themselves.'
It is pleaded that-along the eastern boun
dary of San "Benito County runs a range
of mountains, that prohibits passage, and
all the sympathies of San Benito and
Monterey have consequently drifted south
ward to 'San Luis Obispo and Santa Bar
bara. .Across these mountains lie Stanis
laus and Merced, both counties given to
irrigation, while in San Benito and Monte
rey -the lumbermen and cattlemen pre
dominate. It is declared there Is no sim
ilarity of interests between the western
and the eastern ends of the Thirty-first
Senatorial District, as Cutter would have
It, with Monterey, San Benito. Stanislaus
and Merced, and that therefore search
should be made down the coast and west
of the mountain chain for what Is needed
to complete the district.
This would take San Luis Obispo from
Kern, which, under the Cutter bill, makes
them- the Thirty-second Senatorial Dis
trict; but Kern could then reach ud and
filch Kings County from the proposed
Twelfth District, which includes Kings,
Tulare, Inyo, Mono, Madera and Marl
posa.
1 It is further proposed that San Benito
Each Senator and Assemblyman Is Scheming to Enhance
His Chances for Re-election, and There Will Be Pulling
and Hauling When Gutter's Redistrictirig Bill^Cornes Up
Another enterprise projected Is a line of
automobiles to be operated between thl3
city and Alviso, In connection with a
steamer plyln?r between that port and San
Francisco. This enterprise ia to be car
ried out by the Western Navigation Com
pany. In Its pro?pectu:« It states that th©
steamer F. M. Smith will be placed on th»
Alviso route about February 15 and later
an elegant steamer, exclusively for pas
sengers, will be running. Connecting with.
It for San Jose will be a line of auto
mobiles. The autos will ranee* in siza
from those- for two to carriages accom
modating thirty or more. These will »ot
only run to this city, but will tour tho
country with excursion parties. The
projectors announce they propose to make
the Alvlso-San Jose route th© finest out
ing trip out of San Francisco.
SAN JOSE. Jan. »>.— San Francisco
capitalists are said to have purchased th©
Lick Mills property, near Asnews. from
J. G. Scott of San Francisco and will erect
a woolen mill and manufcaturins plant
there. Just who is at the head of the
syndicate cannot be learned, but It Is salrt
to have abundant capital back of It and
the plants will be operated on an elabo
rate scale. Beside the woolen mill, it will
operate a factory for the manufacture of
automobiles and pumps. The deal for tho
property is closed and no time will be lost
in putting the factories Into operation.
• The Lick Alills. which were built by the
eccentric old millionaire, James (J.-k.
were operated for years as flour miila
and later as paper mills. They are
equipped with Bhattinp. engines and other
machinery and some of this couM be util
ized In the new enterprise. It Is sai<i
power for the factories will N> obtained
from- the Standard Electric Company,
whose wires from Blue Lakes pass near
Agnews.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call
Line of "Horseless Carriages" "Will
Be Operated Between San Joss
and the Alviso Steam
ship Landing.
San Franciscans to Manu-
facture Wool and Au
tomobiles.
WILL ERECT TWO
LARGE FACTORIES
LOS ANREI^ES. Jan. 26.— The Commit- i
tee of Safety has exploded a bombshell in j
the- m!d?t of. the City Council. The com- i
mittee proposes to file with the Grand j
Jury charges of misconduct in office j
against the Councilmen who voted for the
removal of Dr. Charles E. Bacon from the
Board of Fire Commissioners yesterday, j
I>r. Bacon will bo the chief witness for
Th« prosecution and Dr. Webb, J. Kuhrts
and Mr. Frankenlield will be called upon
to testify that they wire pledged to vote
for Fred Hushes for assistant chief be
fore receiving their appointments from j
the Council. J. S. Slauson, one of the;
rnembors of the committee., was before
the Grand Jury this morning.
Dr. Charles Bacon appeared at the City
teall early tnis morning- and was in con
sultation with Mayor Snyder for more
than an hour. Xie admitted a- few days
Ego that ca was approached and threat- ;
tried last Monday, but he shielded thej
Councilman who attempted to coerce him'
into abandoning the Hand be had taken j
To-day he admitted that the Councilman
was Wancbard of the Ninth Ward, and
tills Information has been conveyed to the I
Committee of SaXety. Dr. Bacon's state- j
xnent. made at the Mayor's office this
morning. Is as follows:
¦ TkfM are the real facts o? the appointment of
tfc« members of the Board of Fire Cominlgslon
•rs. I am no longer a member oi the board,
and I now propose to expose the rottenness of
the City Council in this matter. "
On the Friday before the first xr.ettlngr of the
Cornell we were informed that we were about
to b« appointed aa Fire Cornell r«if>ner«, and
were instructed to «pp*ar at Mr. Bowen's office
at 2 o'clock. I arrived therw a little late, and
found several of the CouncJlmea, among tbem
lieesrs. Allen. Bowen aM Power?, present.
Comic lasioners Frankenfield. Webb and /Kuhrts
«Jso were there. I heard Mr. F*rankenfield say
rfciit be Tforild vote tor Hughes if he was a goodv
man. Councilman Allen then turned tone and
said: "Dr. Bacon, the Council cteims the right
to name the new Assistant Chief of the Fire
Department. We want to know If you will tn
or.rt-e and vote for our appointee. If we ap-
JX>l~t you a Fire Commissioner? Mr. Hughes
probably wi!l be our eppoictee, - and he is a
£OOd f ftllOW." . "" A .
'Believing that they had the rifrbt to Belect the
new Assistant Kire Chief. I pave my word»to
vote for Hughes, and I did vote for him at the
Cm meeting of our commission. After I had
ycted for him the Mayor showed me the charter,
provide* that the commission alone has
the rticht to name appointees." ., . .
I did not know this before and was very much
Surprised that matters had been misrepresented
to me. The Councilman had 'lied to me and
©oerc«d me Into voting for theirs an. I paw
that I had made a mistake and at the next
meeting voted for Kuselehr. The other Commls-
Cloners had no Idea what I Intended to do and
Tiers naturally rurprised.
After the meeting: Councilman Blanch&rd ap
proached me. He said he was very much
rnrpriised at my action, and I told him that
I couldn't help that. He then took me to- a
rrlvat* room. He explained .that I had placed
him !n a bad position and had not done the
rie-ht thlnr br him and the Council. • I replied
that I was rlad that I had voted for Fuselehr.
and chars-ed the Council with having misrep
resented matters to me and, with having co
erced me isto' voting for Hughes. I then said:
"I am sorry that I have placed you in a bad
position. Mr. Blanchard. However, my repu
tation must be protected. If yours alone were
at stake, I would help you. Thl«-~ls either a
rase of placing you in a bed position or. run
rJr*. I am sorry, but I have to look out 1 for
myself. This Is a dishonorable pieces of bnsl
neea. and you can't eet me to vote for Hushes
again under any circumstance*."
H« then replied: "We will demand your
resignation br throw' you out bodily."
I told him. I would not resign. He thrn eaid
flat he was sorry that the matter' had turned
out so adversely, but that he didn't" blame roe.
Re went back to the Council with bU'com
bination and knocked ice out.
Dr. Bacon Says He Was Removed
From the Fire Commission for
Refusing to Vote for
Hughes.
Spsrfal Dispatch to Th« Call
Los Angeles Committee of
Safety Goes on the
Warpath. .
AFTER SCALPS
OF COUNCILMEN
Apportionment plans promise
to develop a pretty tangle
Sherift ilansfield returned from Baden
to-nfshi:. 'where he- found the horses and
wagon of Debenedetti. The robbers evi
dently had driven as far as the electric
railroad, where they boarded the cars to
San Francisco. They had left the wagon
by th«> road and turned the horses loose.
The Sheriff has no clew that would lead
to the capture of the men.
The robbers had a good start and drove
toward Sari Francisco.. Af the time the
crime was committed. It was dark, and
De^enetletti cannot give a good descrip
tion of the men other than that two were
tall and one short, and that one of the tall
nien had a black mustache. ¦ . »
Ihe injured man had on his person
about $25, the keys to his .vegetable wagon,
a watch and a knife.. The robbers took
his knife from him and stabbed him in the
head with it. making an ugly hole in his
skull. They beat him on the head with
some instrument, fracturing his skull in
several places and breaking his nose.
The robbers then got into Debenedetti's
wagon and drove off as fast as the horses
could go, leaving their victim, as they be
lieved, dead on the road. Debenedetti lay
where he had fallen a long time, but
finally with great difficulty managed to
get to a- farm house close by. The officers
were notified at about 10 o'clock.
Debenedetti pleaded with th'em not to
injure him, and told them he .would give
them all the money he had. but they paid
no attention to hjs appeal. They struck
and beat him until tne road was stained
nith blood. . ¦ t '
REDWOOD CITY." Jan. 26.— As the re
sult of an assault committed last night
by three highway robbers. Joseph Debene
detti lies at the point of death at his home
here with a fractured skull and a broken
nose. Debenedetti was held . Up at 6:30
o'clock yesterday evening on the W'ood
side road, three or four miles from Red
wood City. Debenedetti operates a vege
table wagon, and was returning home
from '« trip to .Woodslde. When he had
reached the foot of the grade, as he was
about to cross.a large culvert In the road,
three men sprang Up from the ditch in
lront of his 'horses. One of them grasped
the bridles of the. horses and the others
ordered Debenedetti to hold up his hands.
He. compiled, and ? ;one of the robbers
e prang .into the wagon and dragged him
to the ground.
Special Dlspetch to The Call
Inflicted by Three
Cutthroats.
Joseph Debenedetti Lies at Death's
Door as. the Result of Injuries
Robbars Wantonly Assault
a Redwood City Res
ident.
BRUTALLY BEAT
THEIR VICTIM
Oil Claims on the Desert.
SAX DIEGO. Jan. 26.— M. M. Ogden. the
oil expert^ returned to-day from the re
ported oil fields on the desert near Car
risso Creek. He went .out In the interest
of a party of San Francisco capitalist*
and filed claims, on 25,000 acres of desert
land. ' . * ¦<
gallons has run out and. the flow does not
seem to diminish.
One of the great gushers of Coallnga
was discovered In this same manner. The
prospectors- had been running an open cut
Into the hillside, 'jwhere a. seep had been
discovered, and at eighteen feet a large
boulder was encountered. When the men
succeeded in removing it a jet of oil spurt
ed from beneath the rock. After running
a short time it stopped, but soon started
again. .
It is said the Colusa oil Js of unusually
hiph cuality. It has been known for
years that there was oil in Western Co
lusa County, and away back in the sixties
wells were sunk, and abandoned. The new
strike means much for Colusa County, for
now wells will be put down on all the sur
rounding property. * .- •
COLUSA. Jan.- 26.— After several months
of prospecting and the sinking: of several
wells, the good news flashed over the
wires to Colusa this afternoon' that an
o!l pusher had been struck *on the A. A.
Gibson lai*l, near the Junction of Bear
and Sulphur creeks, west of Colusa. Sev
eral prospectors had been tracing newly
found oil seepage.' After moving a'large
boulder the oil gushed out, covering the
men from head to foot In the last'six
teen hours. It is estimated, more than.lGOO
t ¦ ¦ • . — ,»
. Special Dispatch to The Call
Remove, a Boulder While Tracing
Se*pajre and Crude Petroleum
Bhoots Out Upon ,. » .-•
;' * t Them- . . » - ¦ ¦.¦
Prospectors West of Colusa
' ~ Stumble Upon a
1 Gusher.
OIL SPOUTS OUT
OF THE GROUND
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, SU^D
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INTENSE BUFFERING
FBO2C BTSPEPSIA AJTD STO3IACH
TEOUBKEL
Instantly Believed and Permanently
Cured by Stuart'.s . Dyspepsia
Tablets." C
A "Stir Discovery, but Not a" Patent
¦Hedicine. ¦
Dr. Redwell relates an . Interesting ac-
count of .what 'he considers a remarkable
caee of acute stomach trouble and chronic
dyspepsia by the use of the new discov-
ery. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
He says: *The patient .was a man who
had suffered, to my knowledge, for years
.with dyspepsia. Everything he ate seemed
to sour and create gases In the stomach
He had pains like rheumatism in the
back, shoulder blades and limbs, fullness
and distress after eating, poor appetite
and loss of flesh"; the. heart became af-
XecteoV causing palpitation and sleepless-
ness at niEht. .
I "I pave him powerful nen*e tonics ana
blocd remedies, but to no. purpose. -As
an experiment, I finally boueht a 50-cent
package of Btuart's D>Epepsla' Tablets at'i
a drug store and rave them to him. Al-
inoet immediate relief was given, and af-
ter he had used four boxes he was to all
eppnarances fully cured. »
„ "There was no more acidity or eour
¦watery rtrlngs, no bloating after meals'
the appetite was vigorous and he had
pained between ten and. twelve pounds In
¦weight of 4soUd healthy -flesh.-.
"Althougrh Stuart's "Dj-Fpepsla Tablets
arc advertised and sold In drug ¦-stores, "
yet 1 consider them a most valuable ad-
filUon to any physician's line of remedies
as they are perfectly harmless and can be
given to children or invalids or In any
condition of the stomach, with ..perfect
safety, being harmless and " containing
nothing but, fruit and vegetable essences
pure pepsin and Golden Seal.
"Without any question they are the
safest, most effective cure for lndipestion.
biliousness, constipation and all- derange^
ments of the stomach, however slight or
severe." . -j
• Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets ere made by
the K. A. Stuart Co. of Marshall, Mich
and are .Bold by druggists everywhere at
60 cents per package. - •
; Little book on etomach diseases, mailed
free. Address F. A. £*•¦••-* <"<a_ Majgball,
Mich.
"At 51oane's"
CARPETS.
. 20 patterns Highest Grade Tapestry—
Regular price .....$x.oo-W yard." '
V T6 close at 75c. per yard.
Sewed, lined and laid. •
25- patterns Body Brussels of the Highest Grades-
Regular price .././..•.:.:$i.so per yard. -. v* v v
- To close at ;. ; . 91.23 per yard.
FURNITURE SPECIALTIES.
: ' We are displaying HUNDREDS OF PIECES -of FURNITURE
in the latest and most correct designs— goods made by the bes-
t manufacturers in the country— at REDUCTIONS of 25 to 50 Per
Cent oft regular prices.
DRAPERY FABRICS.
An immense line of Corduroys, Velours, Armures, Tapestries, etc.
*•:, , at values that will be appreciated.
FURNITURE COVERINGS.
LARGE ASSORTMENT at REDUCTIONS of 33 1-3 Per
Cent off regular prices. • *
LACE CURTAINS. ~
PRlisSr^Sfu^
BIG ASSORTMENT OF MADE-UP CARPET RUGS at
ONE-HALF regular cost.
Bring,' Dimensions of room so as to select a Rujr of suitable size.
Sec our show window for display. of special values.
Largest Stock on the Coast to Select From.
. . •; ;" ; • C ar P et S'--Furnitu're--Upholstery,
: ;114-116Tll8-12q-122 POST STREET.t . ¦ . ¦
QUEEN REGENT CHRISTINA OP SPAIN. WHO "WAS FIRED AT FRIDAY
BY AN UNKNOWN ASSAILANT WHILE BOATING WITH HER CHIL
DREN ON THE OUTSKIRTS OF MADRID.
GREAT BEND, Kans.. Jan. 26.— The
eastbound passenger train on the Mis
souri Pacific Railroad was wrecked near
McCracken at 6 o'clock this morning. go-
Ing through a burned bridge. William
Young, the engineer, residing, here, was
Engineer Loses His Life.
for the purpose of taking on board dogs
and other necessary equipment. * The
America will jiroceed thence to a desig
nated point" off Franz Josef Land, where
the v Frithjof. is expected to meet her.
killed and the fireman dangerously scald
ed." The train took fire, but the passen
gers escaped injury. I he passenger cars
remained on the track and ire» not In
volved in the wreck. &S39I
Power-House Burned.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Jan. 29.— The cable
power-house of the Metropolitan Railway
Company, situated at. Ninth and Wash
ington streets in this city, was totally
destroyed by fire to-night. Loss {73,00),
fully covered by Insurance.
.The board will investigate the sanitary
condition of the- various public institu
tions of Southern California, commencing
February 16. .
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 26.— The State
Board of Health held its quarterly meet
ing In this city to-day, at which it was
decided to reauest-the State Superinten
dent of Public Instruction to notify the
numerous county superintendents to re
quire all . children * attending - publ'c
schools to be vaccinated, and that those
attending the State Normal echools also
be vaccinated. • - • ¦
to the r Superintendent of
"v;.:- Instruction.
State Board of Health's Notification
PUBLIC SCHOOL PUPILS
MUST BE* VACCINATED
It ifl officially confirmed here that all the
names of Chinese officials to be punished
for connection with the Boxer outrages
on the' list of. the Ministers at? Peking
were Included' in the list originally.sub
mitted by Li Hung Chang.
Special United " States Treasury Agent
Partello. who owns the violin collection
valued at $50,000 purchased from the es
tate of. the late Duke of Edinburgh (Duke
of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha), has . nine
famous violins, among which are several
of Stradivarlu3 make.
The Kolltz ritual murderer Is still un
discovered. The case up to the present
has cost the state 200,000 marks. .The re
wards offered total 32.000 marks.
The correspondent learns that the condi
tions imposed by the German Government
upon Dr. Hendrik Muller. who is nego
tiating for the emigration of Boers to
German Southwept Africa, include the de
fense of the territory against internal and
external foes, th^ sending of their children
to schools where German is taught and
that children born to them in Southwest
Africa must become Germans politically.
These conditions have been accepted, and
there will be a number of treks after this,
the first a small one on the coming Tues
day. : ";.'-
The' convention of the Prussian cities
will open on Wednesday. The delegates
will consider a number of Important mu
nicipal questions. .The Saxe-Meinlngen
Cabinet has published a<notlce to the ef
fect that hereafter anonymous denuncia
tions vriirnpt be considered.
More Interesting were the Prussian Dlit
proceedings this, week. All the Agrarians,
Conservatives, part . of the . national Libe
rals and Centrists have almost openly
avowed their Intention, to fYeat the canal
bill dilatorily until after the imperial Gov
ernment has Introduced the new tariff
bill in the Reichstag, showing plainly the
proposed Increase in the cereal duties.
Baron von Zedlitz, the Agrarian and Con
servative leader; plainly set forth this
condition In a signed article In Der Tag.
The Vossische Zeitung to-day reports:
"Two can play at that game. If the Diet
does so. the Reichstag will also treat the
tariff bill dilatorily." ..
The situation to-day, however, improved
upon Count von Bulow's statements inlthe I
Diet, virtually -assuring the Agrarlans\of/i
increased duties. . '|
Official repbrts show that German war
ships continue pirate hunting at a dis
tance from Hongkong and Fuchau, and
henceforth several of them will do police
duty in the Gulf of Pechili- and- secure
harbors at Shanhaikwan and Tsinwantao.
¦- Toe Mecklenburg ¦ court has ordered
(three weeks mourning. . -
Tho Reichstag, whose attendance was
again minimal throughout the week,
found fault with Count Posadowski-
Wehner's regime as Secretary of the Inte
rior. This was specially the case with the
Socialists and members of the Freissln
nlge party, so that the Secretary's salary
has not yet been appropriated. The only
thing besides this accomplished was. the
debate on the pension bill for the China
forces, which the Government estimates
at 3.741.940 marks, the widow of a general
to receive 5000 marks against a private's
450 marks. The rest of the pensions are
proportionate, for an estimated one"-tenth
of the whole expeditionary force. While
initially there was great opposition to the
bill, even upon the part of Conservatives,
owing to the fact that Invalids of the
wars of 1864. 1868 and - 1870-71 are largely
still unprovided for, this was before Von
Bulow's declarations that this would be
mended. The pension bill will now. surely
pass. . , . .
The press Just now is hushed and no
paper' blames Emperor William for his
evident desire to render all homage to his
grandmother's memory. The usual din
ners In honor of the blrthdav of Emperor
William (January ZT) have been postponed
to February 3, by his Majesty's special or
ders. This applies- to the- German diplo
mats and Consuls abroad.
The opinion .that the death of the Queen
was precipitated by Field Marshal Earl
Roberts' frank avowals regarding the
South African war is here generally held,
but small hope is indulged in that King
Edward's Influence will be exerted to
bring about peace on. terms leaving the
Boers their independence. »The general
opinion of King Edward Is divided.
Though a. few regard him as Germano
phlle,' others are outspokenly anti-Kng-
Ilsh. -• .
BERLIN, Jan. 26.— The death of Queen
"Victoria hes made a 'profound Impression
upon. the German j>ubllc mind,,overshad
owing for a time every other topic. The
newspapers and other periodicals without
exception have devoted an enormous
amount of space thereto, and also to her
successor and Anglo-Qferman relations.
Numerous reminlgcenses .of the Queen
have appeared. The Kreuz Zeltung re
vives the ' passage In Fringe Bismarck's
memoirs, "where the Prince's first meet-
Ing at Versailles in 1855, with the Prince*
Consort and Queen Victoria, is entertain,
lngly described, Prlhce Bismarck saying
the Prince Consort treated him haughtily
as a political opponent; while the Queen,
though evidently regarding him in a simi
lar light, spoke pleasantly throughout.
Kaiser Not Blamed for
Honoring His Grand
v mother's Memory.
OpinioriMs Divided
Concerning King
Edward.
GERMANS THINK
WAR HASTENED
QUEEN'S DEATH
A motion of Count LJnberg-Stirum, de
manding increased protection for agricul
ture, was adopted by 230 to 43 votes.-
Preceding the vote Dr. Barth, the Frels
singc leader, said that whoever agreed
with the motion favored, an increase of
the customs duties at the risk of no new
commercial treaties being secured with
other ni-'.ona, In. which the vital interests
of millions of working people, were in
volved. . ' . ¦'.¦•¦
"Fully recognizing the present difficult
conditions o{ agriculture, and animated
by a desire to effectually improve it, the
Prussian Government has resolved to en
deavor to secure adequate protective
duties for agricultural products, and
therefore an increase of the present rates
sufficient to attain that end. The Gov
ernment is also anxious to expedite in
every way the introduction of a new
tariff bill." The announcement was greet
ed with loud cheers.
BERLIX, Jan. 26.— In tiie lower house of
the Diet to-day, during the debate on the
agricultural estimates, the Imperial Chan
cellor, Count von Bulow, made an impor
tant pronouncement as follows:
INCREASED PROTECTION"
FOB AGRICULTURE
Schneider, who was in the employ of
the Provincial Government, recently
showed signs of incipient madness.
Schneider asked for an audience with
the Governor, and immediately after he
had been admitted he drew a revolver
and shot M. de Xivry. He then blew out
his own brains.
ARLOX, Belgian Luxembourg, Jan 26.
— M. Orban de Xivry, Governor of the Bel
gian Province of 'Luxembourg, was assas
sinated here this morning by a man
named Schneider, who afterward commit
ted suicide.
Murderer Then Blows
Out His' Own •
Brains.
M. Orban de Xivry
Shot Down by
Lunatic.
LUXEMBOURG 'S
GOVERNOR IS
ASSASSINATED
.LONDON, Jan. 26.— Evelyn B. Baldwin
of the United Stages Weather Bureau
sailed for home on the steamer New York
to-day, having completed arrangements
for his Arctic undertaking; Mr. Baldwin
returned to England this week from'Den
mark. Sweden and Norway, where ; he
chartered the Bteamer Frithjof of : Chris
tlanla, which • last year was used by a
Swedish polar expedition/ ;The Frithjof
was recently provided with. Increased deck
cabin room. Including a working labora
tory.' '-*.,'¦ : <3sMB9tC0s^Br"Pa4MP4BJBBtSsJHPQ|
' As now planned, the Frithjof will leave
Christlanla about June 20 and Tromsoe
July 1, taking to Franz Josef Land . the
equipments and provisions for the expedi
tion. The, steamer America, which Mr.
Baldwin bought at Dundee, will meet the
Frithjof at Tromaoe and proceed thence to
some point on tho north coast of Russia
Steamers America and
Frithjof to Be Used
in Exploration.
Evelyn B. Baldwin
Completes His
Plans.
IN READINESS
FOR THE TRIP
TO THE ARCTIC
GLASGOW. Jan. 26.— The emallpox epi
demic here is somewhat alarming. Twen
ty-nine fresh cases were reported to-day
and hundreds of cases ara In the hospital.
Smallpox at. Glasgow.
The careful -Kbtinctlon must be drawn
between socialism and Christian democ
racy. The first concerns Itself solely with
material possessions, always seeking to
establish perfect equality and a common
holding of goods. Christian democracy,
on the contrary, respects the principles of
divine law. and while seeking a material
amelioration has in view the spiritual
welfare of the people. Christian democ
racy, moreover, must not be confounded
with political democracy, for the first can
and ought to subsist, as does the church
itself, under the most varied and political
regimes. Christian democracy also- ought.
to respect the laws* of legitimate civil
authority. The appellation "Christian de
mocracy" theiefore contains nothing
which might offend any one. These di
vergences having now been ¦ dispelled.
Catholics should continue to devote their
cares to social questions and the better
ment of the working classes. T,he Pope
encourages the zeal and action of those
Catholics who consecrate themselves to
this eminently useful work.
The encyclical eulofdzes the giving of
alms, which the socialists wrongly regard
as insulting tho poor. Alms, on the con
trary, serve to tighten the ties of social
charity. It matters little whether this ac
tion of Catholics in favor of the working
classes is called the social action of
Catholics or Christian democracy. The
essential point Is that Catholics must ad
together to preserve the community of ef
fort and sentiment. Idle, useless questions
ought therefore, never to be brought up
In the presn.or public assemblies. Catho
lics must act so as not to engage in dis
putes.
The Pontiff concludes with exhorting
Catholics to inspire themselves with these
principles and to inculcate them; They
must urge the- people and workmen to
shun everything invested with a seditious
or revolutionary character, respect the
rights of others, be respectful to their
masters and observe sobriety and re
ligious practices. Thus will social peace
again become flourishing throughout the
world. -
ROME, Jan. 25.— The Pope's encyclical
on socialism was issued to-day. It is
dated January IS. and says a distinction
must be carefully drawn between social
ism and the movement among Catholics
reviewed in his previous encyclicals on
the socialistic subject, and which was
celled Christian democracy.
The Pope commences with recalling his
two previous encyclicals on social ques
tions, and says the sequel of these en
cyclicals was that the Catholics devoted
all their activity to social works to help
the working classes. The Pontiff here re
views ail that has been done in this di
rection—the foundation of labor bureaus,
funds established for the benefit of the
rural classes and workingmen's associa
tions of all kinds. He considers the ap
pellation "Christian socialism" incorrect,
and says Catholics who occupy them
selves with social questions are some
times also called "Chris uan democrats."
But even this title Is attacked by so/ne
people as being ill sounding. Divergerfces
have arisen therefrom, and the Pope ar
dently desires to eliminate them. , '
Catholics Are Praised for
the Giving of Needed
Alms.
AN ENCYCLICAL
ON SOCIALISM
ISSUED BY POPE
Reviews Efforts to
Aid Working
.Classes.
nADRID, Jan. 27.— The attempt
made Friday to shoot the Queen
Regent while she was out boat
intr with her children in a park
near the capital has caused con
siderable alarm. Diligent search has
been made by the police, but they have,
no clews to work upon beyond a bullet
hole In the gunwale of the boat In which
the royal family were rowing, and the
footprints of a man along the bank. No
arrests have yet been. made. .
The Government will probably ask Par
'iament to increase the sovereignty allow
ance half a million pounds. Queen Vic
toria's allowance was fixed at the begin
ning- of her relfcn at £iS0.O0O. partly de
frayed bv the crown jnd sta.te. The cost
to the nation was £150,000.
Any one crediting the English with re
publican principles must be convinced that
the present demonstrations show the ab
solute unquestioning lovaJty of the whole
people to the monarch. Thousands of
columns of editorials in journals of every
political shade save a few Irish contain
no trace of dissatisfaction with Edward
Kcr, but only confidence and good wishes.
No monarch ever too* the crown moro
strongly supported.
The same good feeling toward Edward
VII pervades Kurope. only the Parisian
«nd a few Russian papers attack him. Ths
tributes to the dead vjueen have caused
sin era. of g-ood Zeetlng on the part of thA
Kngiish toward iho-ir sisier nations, how
ever brief. Kmyeror AVilliam's riliai con
duct, his willing abandonment of the cele
bration oi the bw-er.ten.nial of the Prus
sian monarchy, have done mucx. to
etrt-ng-ih«-n the Anglo-German alliance,
while the tribute of the Boer prisoners
tit Cape Town in giving up their sports
ponding the Queen s luneral softens the
vtlmoctty of war.
The solemnity with which the English
people look on what s«ms to American!?
to be queer ceremonieb ifc remarkable. Tho
proclamation at the Castle Edinburgh,
•where Walter Scott from, the window of
the Constable book ishop saw Georjre I
proclaimed, was no less brilliant than
the London paseant. Heralds and, pur
suivants ascended the battlements ani
the octapon turret. Around the tall shaft
were twathed royal purple. After tho
reading the castle guns saluted and. the
Scots sang "God Save the King." Tho
cf-rcmony was repeated at the gate of the
castle and at the Stuart Palace of Holy
rood, at the town boundary. The city offi
cials, the university professors and thr»
local soldiery were in the procession,
which took place in a s:iowstcrm.
IXHCDOX. Jan. 2S.— Without the disUln
eion created by modern embellishments,
such as railways, England this week
mlgrht be Imagined to be In. the tenth in
stead of the twentieth century. Nobles
iL-.id officials arrived in archaic costume's
¦with ancient symbols of office In all the
cities and towes and have beep perform
ing the olden rites pertaining to the acces
sion of a sovereign. Placards, printed in.
quaint type and quainter Shakespearean
language, proclaiming Edward VII King
of the United Kincdoni of Great Britain,
are surrounded by oj>en-mouthed crowds,
as they have been in centuriee past, read
ing eagerly as thouga they had not al
ready read in the newspapers the procla
mation.
Ancient Ceremonies Are
Solemnly Viewed
by Britons.
Republicanism Not
Manifest in Eng
land. .
WHOLE PEOPLE
LOYAL TO THE
NEW MONARCH
NO TRACE HAS BEEN FOUND
OF CHRISTINA'S ASSAILANT
Attempt to Assassinate Spain's Queen
Regent Causes Alarm.
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
BY CABLE TO THE CALL.
THE : SAN FRANCISCO CAL^ if XTOSpAY, JANUARY 27, 1903 .
15
ADVERTISEMENTS.
> K-H-H-H-H'I 'I I I ;.H"H"H"K"I"M II I I-H..M--H-.M- H-E H-l
«P^i^ ¥ B SSI 0P .
T8»nt MARK RCSISTHIO. WOVTI SOlCS. NcVCT TC"
r ."•," . • duced after. tho holl-
days, ond, like gold dollars, they never deprccia to
in value. BECAUSt oiir stock Is always fresh. Coming
every, day from the factory to supply this phenomenal de-
mand, they have no chance to grow musty with age. No
v broken sizes to choose trom* but. a selection of 50 styles In
every size, from 1 to" 9: widths AAA to BE.
voS R^^ HBB :;Always^$3,50.
'¦: THE NEW MODERN . Kft THIRH i^X P •
¦ . SHOE STORE, - " - • **" ' * ¦¦¦I%U * •> r* x - •
. SECOXD SHOE STOREtFROSI MARKET STREET. *
KES. IEEKZ FX.0BESCZ, rttakJia, Warren Co., 0.
Dr. R»Tie Chabot. one of the greatest of medi-
cal rclentiRt*. sa>s: "Golden Specific is the on:y
cure for drunkenness. It leaves no after-effects
and I have frequently prescribed It to be given
e»^r»tly by the drunkard's wife, mother or
daughter." '-_.'.'_ ¦¦
Franklyn Waters, who has moved thousands
by his ctln:ng- tempersnee iecrures. says: "No
e&ioust of eloquence can egual the wonderful
fcccony>li»hment« of Golden Specific. It ia the
i. -re.it est temperance worker the world has ever
teen. I have known it to cure drunkards who
vere always too drunk to even attend a temper-
ence lecture. Every woman should do her best
to make Oolden Sjieciflc a household word."
Mrs. Irene Florence, box 13S, Franklin. TV'ar-
rtn County. Ohio. t»ye:
"I had for years patiently bonse th« dlsKraca.
rufferinr. znisery and privations due to my hus-
b»ir:d - s drlnklr-s habits. Hearing of your mar-
velous remedy for the cure of drunkenness,
which 1 could give ray husband secretly, I de-
r'ded to try It- I mixed it In his. food and cof-
fee, and. as tiie remedy Is odorless and taste-
icss, he did not know what it was that so
QsSckty relieved hi» cra\lns for liquor. I soon
found out that ray mission <was a complete suc-
cess asd that Golden Specific had wrought al-
most a miracle for tse. I want others to profit
by my experience end if you want you are at
liberty to refer to me as having told you about
this marvelous remedy."
Ber.d your name end address to Dr. 'J. W.
Halnes, SSt Glenn building. Cincinnati, Ohio,
and he will mall a free sample of the remedy to
ycu securely sealed in a plain wrapper, also f u:i
directions how to use It, books and testimonials
from hundreds who h&ve^been cured «nd every-
thlr.g needtd to aid you* In sa\'lsf those Dear
and dear to you from a life ef degradation and
ultimata poverty and dlcgrac*. ,--
Aft«r many y^ars of unceasing- endeavor Dr.
J. W. Haiiws has flne'ly eecured the Indorse-
ment r>t the jirofesKlons for his remarkable rem-
edy, Ocid^n Specific This remedy is cdorlean
fc.r.d tasteie?5. Is mixed with cofTe*-. tea. milk or
¦*.<*,& and Klven th»- drunkard secretly. Its effect
is rtfnarkable. turini! cases in a short time that
K+m^ absolutely hopeless. . ; # ,¦
i>v. Kchlrrpfelman. a noted German divine,
cays: ''I am Krailned to eay that I have met
many casf-s of drunkenness cured by Goldan
Specific. The secrecy mlth which It ca.n be used
Is certainly a great gain to the cause of temper-
ance."
The Remedy Is Sent Free to All
Caa Ee Given Secretly in Coffee, Tea or Food,
Thus Ccriag the Drncitrd With-
cut His Co-operation,
Now Heartily Indorse.
A Bes&rkable Remedy Which Clergymen,
Fhysiei&iis aid Tenperance Workers
&sne*e§
Drunkards
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CAUGHT BY THE GRIP.
RFI FMFH RY PFRIIM&
IlLLLnijLU DI rLllUSiHi
STOP AND THINKI j """"•"'" " ll •'^^~ r ~~T Congressman M. W. Howard
Over 1 00,000 Grip Pa-! viflpSt ':: v of Alabama Used Peruna
tients Cured by Peruna" { '/iiiiS^'- ; '^^^Mt : "I for Lajrippe.
'Illlm I Congressman Geo, H. White
: ¦jmm**MM/^\ III ill /!: -Of ; Nqrth Carolina Finds
- - ME WmmmA^A Ml Feruna an Excellent
!i- ; - pi! I 11^^ Remedy for La
La Grippe. Is Epidemic Catarrh. liftT^Sj^ pilj\ .• ;:
It Spares No Class or;; -fSfL^jfS^"'- jliy\ ''•>'"
The Cultured and the Ignor- \xi2n|[^^ ;!!
ant, the Ar stocrat and the : " • A- l>hi^ i lf l! f >^; -^--wsi^^ ;;
rauper, f^^ T t . , , . , , , , , . .- . , , . . ,, tT -i iii <t<> ¦¦«.»« . . > . t T^
Tho MflCCOC anrf tho PlflQCPQ Congressman Howard's Letter. La Grippe Cured In IU First Stage.
me Masses ana me. passes, %fp£ FortPame Aia ueuten^t aance Hunt, of v» Bait
Arn Alil/a Qnhinr* in I o tl 0 am j- -A J A / T LaJs» City Barracks of the Salvation
Are AllKe OUDjeCl 10 Ld The Paruna medicine Co., Columbus, Army, writes from Oeden. Utah:
." /* i- . Clhift—Ganilnmarf "I am very pleased with the experienca
GriDDe. ' . , L bentlemen. , I had with Peruna. Two months aw. I
: \v :¦'¦. rr ' ' "I have taken Peruna now for tWO was suffering with so severe a cold that
•~a.£. „..,/ J7-J I -_ _..^.A _« I could hardly speak. My whole body was
' . — '.^ in 1 WOOKS ana tma J am very much re- affected with what oeemed like catarrh
NOne Are EXempt—All Are lieved. Ihet that my Cure mil be me to try Peruna.
LiahlP • ' P ermanen t' I have also taken it for and procured a bottle for me. and truly
I* fff'PPe, and I take pleasure in rec- was 'enUrely^welll'and had^orused* quit©
• ¦-¦•:.' -•. ommendinn Paruna asanereellant two bottles. I would not be without Pe-
Have you the grip? Or rather, has th3 omme " a '"9 ], e ; U , na ° 5 J" exce " on J runa in case of emergency, and I consider
grTp got you? Grip is well named. Tho remedy to all fellow sufferers."— M. it a splendid, reliable remedy.»-Ueur.
original French term, la grippe, has been W. Howard, Member of CongrOSS.
ri r B , to a3w ft GrippeLeaves the.System in a Congressman White's Letter,
word has been coined that exactly de- •'Deplorable Condition. - ¦^•y' ... . Tarboro, H. C.
scribes the case. As if tome hideous giant D. L. Wallace, a charter member of'the Thg Peruna Medicine Co Cafumbuv
with awful GRIP had clutched us in its International Barbers* Union, writes from '¦ 1..° ,« mauiMna u». t uuiumjuj,
fatal clasp. Men. women, children, whole 15 Western avenue. Minneapolis. Minn.: Oh/0 — bentlemen:
towns and cities are caught in the" bane- , *£*?»*& f^^TA %I*o$$Pt "I™ m0 "> ***<> ««W^ '*«* ?°-
ful grip of a terrlble.monster. ?uffered lth a . seve backache. Indiire3 ; runa and find it to be an excellent
— »_____ *__ ft.—i— iion._ .ana numerous ins, so- 1 couic , - ¦ - .. i v** » * »~~>^m»»i
Peruna tor urip. • neither eat nor sleep, and I thought I remedy for the grip and catarrh. I
Mrs. Dr. C. D. Powell, president of Ep- JggJ Rj'e up my work, which 1 could not havQ usg(f jf /fl>/ f am // /f and ihey
h 'gS b y m P^ U n^Td r v S isJd hO mr?o^ at Jt y *» I™ «* recommending it as an
•1 S have used severarremedies in cases u "| d Vfal^fully and" f elf "a^fktd^m 1 IF* 1 ?"* '??'*'' °' '
of severe colds anfl la grippe, but none I X^ e £ent DuffnJ'the next Jw'o ninths" Member of Congress.
consider of more value than Peruna. I 1 took five bottles and then felt splendid, „ - _ ,^
have found it to give satisfaction In cases Now my head Is c i ear , my nerves are Remained in Feeble Health After
of indigestion, complications of liver an 1 j ste ady. I enjoy food, and rest well. Peru- Cnred o* La Orimje
kidney troubles, and it is one of the finest na nas been worth dol; d t „ Cured or IA Ortppe.
C V h amilaaTorec f o°m^^^^^^^ d £ro^ t C^£!™ t *S$S&
f^»?- M -^g^S^=: . Grip Causes Deafness. _
f ¦:¦¦¦;- Mrs. M. A. Sharick. chaplain G. A. R. After havine a severe attack of la
After-EfEects > La Grippe. Woman's Relief Corps, writes from Fro- STippe I continued In a feeble condition
, . rr mont, Wash.: even after the doctor called me cured. My
Miss Emma Jouris, President Golden "When la grippe was the prevailing ill- blood seemed poisoned.
Rod Sewing: Circle, writes from 40 Bur- ness in this Western country I was no: "I also suffered with dysoepsla. and ha<!
ling street. Chicago, 111., as follows: one of the few. who escaped Its terrible re- either to starve or suffer from what I
"This spring I suffered severely from suits, but after being: laid up the whol«» w » s eating. A neighbor who wa« usln^
the after-effects of la Krlppe. As the doc- winter I partially lost, my hearing:, and Peruna praised it so highly that •she In
tors did not seem to help me. I bought a had a very bad case of catarrh of tho duced me to try it. and I soon found this
bottle of Peruna. I had certainly no idea head and throat. wavwhat I really needed,
that any medicine couid help any one as "I thought time would restore my usual "I- could soon eat my resrular meal*
that did Day by day I felt better and in good health, but found I was wrong. I with relish, my system was bqllt up. my
a little over two weeks I was as strong read some testimonials of Peruna. tried health returned, and I have remained in
and well as ever. We keep it In. the home it and was well repaid, for not only is my excellent strength and vi*or n<jw for over
constantly and if any of the family feels hearing restored but there is no trace *>f a vear."— Mrs. T. W. collins.
badly a few doses strengthens them."— 'i catarrh. I cannot s^eak.too well of Pe- Address The Peruna ' Medicine" Co.. ft ¦
Miss Emma Jouris. I runa."— Mrs. M. A. Sharick. Columbus, O.. for a free book en eatarrfc.
"JSmm^art _
L W "A GREAT BOOK OF A GREAT EPOCH >'
[ • . —EDWIN MARKJBA3I.
I "There . is .strength in this book— the ' •¦ ¦ ¦ " " . ' ' .
I strength of a crusader who strikes boldly " A brilliant, searching book, that re-
B and goes straight to the point." - - minds one of -i Sartor Resartus. "'• .
| —The Sun, Baltimore. -— Rev^ T. T. Munger, D.D. .
Vhe Religion of Democracy
By CHARLES FERGUSON
" It is a great book, r speak advisedly. " The book Is one to be read through
It is great in that it clearly belongs, as do seriously, intensely, and at one sitting.
few books, in a century, to the ; prophetic Its interest is enchaining, and it is almost '
literature of the world. I rejoice that such impossible to lay the book down. It is to
a book has come to light, and is bringing be recommended to all who have the Inter-
light on the deepest problems of life." • eat of mankind at heart." - -
v — Rev. Philip Moxom, D.D. ; '•¦ —The Evening Telegraph, Phil*.
t 12 mo, Cloth. Price, $1.00. Post-paid
FUNK 6 WAGNALLS COMPANY, Pub'ri, 30 Ufayette Place, NEW YORK ¦There are 600 insurgent Snakes four
miles south of the city, at the old Indian
camping grounds. Pickets are patrolllnp
the town limits, as it is feared an attemp.t
will be made- before morning to release
the Indian captain. . ¦, ¦ , ¦
Furgent Snake band, and his father.
¦\Yalka Tifjer. a desperate character, were
arrested here to-day and ordered held by
United States Marshal Bennett.
..BRISTOW. I. T.. Jan. 26.— Tom TJtrer.
captain of the Light Horsemen of the irf-
OMATTA. Jan. 2^.— Lieutenant Dixon. in
command of Troop A. Eighth Cavalry.
l=ent to the Indian Territory to quiet the
Crrek Indian disturbances, made a sec
ond report to headquarters to-day. He
Ftated he found no trouble at Henrietta
and bus been una£>le to find any civil offi
cer who needs the assistance of United
States troops in quelline the Indians. He
reports that some whites have been
•warned to leave their claims, hut that no
attention is. being: paid to the threats. The
lieutenant is now waiting for further
orders. *
A report thnt Ohoctaw^'Indians had
donned war paint and. feathers is not true.
will not tlcstroy or injure railway property
or molest the whites in any way.- The
trouble in the Creek Nation is believed to
be over. The presence of troops Is desired
however, to maintain order.
Boot Will Defer Action.
Boot Will Defer Action.'
I WASHINGTON, Jan, 26.-Secretary of
War Root has concluded to defer action
on the report of the. Brooke court of in
quiry in the matter of hazin&»at the mil
itary academy until Congress shall have
had an, opportunity to act. on -the report
of the special committee now Investigat
ing tho same subject. ¦.¦ ; <
WHITES PAY LITTLE ATTENTION
TO THE THREATS OF THE INDIANS
Tom Tiger, Captain of Insurgent Snake Band, and His father,
. Walka Tiger, Are Held by United States Marshal.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
of cloth of gold and the unicorn is in sil
ver, both worked up in silk embroidery.
The crowns are in embroidery of silk and
roUI bullion. The pall was made by tho
students of thp Kensington School of
Needlework, under the direction of Prin
cesa Christian of SchleswiJEr-Holstein.
The suite of Emperdr "William and- the
crew of tho Hohenzollcrn viewed the
coffin this afternoon. His German
Majesty's suite' reside on the Hohemjol
lern. which is now connected with Os
borne House by telephone. ¦ . - ; ¦ ' y •
John P. Drexel s . steam yacht.•¦Sul
tana of'the New York. Yacht Club.'with
her flags half masted, arrived off Cowes
at J:5Q p. m.- She dipped the Stars and
Stripes to the, British craft and the Ho
licnzollern and anchored near -the -royal
yacht. ¦¦•'.¦ ' '<
RECALLS THAT HE SANG
WHEN QUEEN WAS CRQWHED
Continued From Page Thirteen.
GUftRDSMAN
FAINTS ftT BIER
INDIAXAPOLIS. Jan. 26.— The demand*
to be made by the delegates to the na
tional convention of the United Mine
workers of America, ct the joint confer
ence with the dele&a».e.<r frcm the Inter
state Operators' Association to "be held In
Columbus,. Ohio,- bp^lnnhiK Thursday of
next week were outlined at an executive
session 'jot the. mlnpra*. convention to-day,
' 'l~heis»3 demands will include first, an ab
solute single stai\dard ,Qf lun-of-mi.T?
nnsls, to cover the -entire ¦ competitive
Held., composed pf Indiana. Illinois and
Pennsylvania, *To this-^vill be added a do:
mand for a sreneral ad.vance of 10 cents
•a Jon over.'the pen^fal ru'ri^of-mine' 1 prices
in the different districlg of/Indiana. This
uilt mean, if the operators accede to the
proposition to be presented to them, a
straight mining- price of 59 cehtn in tho
bituminous district. A' scale, of. prices 'for
outside and Inside day' labor will be fixed
at the joint conference and Will obtain in
all of the districts of' the' competitive
field. An advance of 10 to 15 per cent, It
Is believed, will be asked.
Outline of Demands to Be Made at
Joint Conference With
. ; - . . Operators.
MINERS WELL ASK
A GENERAL ADVANCE
NEW YORK. Jan. 26.— Sir Martin Con
way,' an explorer rvho. has contributed
much to what is known" of the mountain
regions of ths world, is at the Fifth
avenue Hotel. ' having- recently ¦ returned
from his third trip of exploration' to
South America, • • TV
¦ Sir Martin, whose explorations have ex
tended over a • period of ten* years, and
who has devoted nearly , thirty. years to
scientiflo research, said last. night that
his work in South America would mark
the close of his career as an explorer.
He eald that he would maintain his inter
cst in scientific discovery, but that.in,th«
future he would organize • and send out
exploring expedition* Instead - of v going
himself- • . -
Sir Martin said that he' was about -to
organize an^ expedition to go- to Peru
next spring to further, explore, the West
ern slop© of tha Andes.. He..wllirsail for
England on "Wednesday next, and will
organize this expedition noon after he ar
rives in his native country.
"The eastern slope of the' Andes." Sir
Martin said, ""affords a field .for scientific
research which has Immense possibili
ties. ¦• Practically nothing is known about
the botany and nothing about the min
eral resources of tne vast region lying
to the east of the Andes. It is known,
of course, that v this -vast region has re
sources of Interest to science and of value
in a commercial sense, but it has been
so littlo explored as to leave the world
almost in the dark ' regarding its possi
bilities. Much is known about Venezuela
and Colombia, but as. yet little has been
learned about the interior of Brazil, Bo
livia, Ecuador. Peru and Argentina,"
Sir Martin, being asked whether his ex
plorations ln South America were prompt
ed by scientific objects, or. were for com
mercial purposes, "said:
"I. have been interested in the subject
from a scientific standpoint.. It Is im
mensely rich in minerals— how rich no
oni knows." ii ••
"Do you believe that American or Eng
lish capitalists may soon look to that
region as a promising field for : invest
ment?"
"Probably not at present," Sir Martin
replied. "Capitalists, are cautious, and
the mineral resources of the- region ar#
as' yet an undetermined quantity. There
can be no question, however, that the en
tire territory to the east of the Andes
is rich in minerals. Gold, silver, copper,
tin and other metals are there in vast
quantities — quantities so great as to make
that region in the future more productive
of precious metals than either the Trans
vaal or tho Klondike."
Andes Is More Productive Than,
the Transvaal: op- the ¦';¦¦•¦' }
Klondike.
Says the Entire Begfon East of the
ploration.
From Tour of 'Ex-
Sir- Martin Conway Returns
SOUTH AMERICA
RICH IN MINERALS
DIVORCE SUITS- FILED;— Suits'- for 'dfvore*
•were 'filpd - by ..William P.-CAllopy
against Sarah A. Callopy for desertion. ¦ M. C.
Jacobs apraliiRt Henrietta' Jacobs for! desertion
Jennie Clark against Edward R. Clark for
failure'. to V; provide. Euphemla K. Sprag^je
analnst Harrj'/W" 'Sprajrue* for 'desertion. T>»o
,-nrra P., Shultz against .William M. Shultz for
desertion and Abraham Reissteld against-Gus
tio Rcissfeld for desertion.-
II*y derry, down derry, hpy derry down;'
"¦The Queen'd coronation delighted the. town. '
"I recollect that we were dressed in lonar
surplices, with trencher • caps • and . blactc
trousers. After the Ringing we went into
tho large maraueo that had been put up
on tho Whitney green. V There ¦ we ¦ had
refreshments and the | bands - played and
thpre was a Jofly time. . -.. . . ¦ ¦¦-.• •
"Of all those who sang at Whitney on
( that day.," said the old gentleman With an
el6quent sjg'h. ; "I ¦¦, have reason to believe
that I am onlv survivor. •' There ar»'
probably a.' very- few alive who In all
the length and breadth- of iEngland took
part in similar coronation •exerclses'then;
but there are . not -many: After the
exercises we* eacH»* received k a' -coronation
medal and a half sovereign.-Then we wera
the envied of all the six thousand chili
dren .who were gathered on the Whitney
! green and of the' many ¦ other thousand j
of .adults there, assembled. ."Yes. it was a
happy day." ¦ .- .
arrived thp chorister s.\\ over England
went to their churches and sang ln, honor
of the event. I was a boy a little over 8
years old. • My- voice was a soprano. Our
choristcYs were all men and bo^s. On tho
occasion of the coronation the choristers
of Whitney were joined by the choristers
of Burford. .We fans tocether- severol
pieces. At .tho precise time .tha.t "ths
crown was placed on the . young Queen's
head he ,sang a eoYig that descrihed the
progress of the processiqn up to the time
of the actual toronation. ¦ It was a jolly
song. One'verse ran s.s follows: .. -.
What should we all do if we couldn't find out
Now and then something • new to be ringing
akost? .-;;-.
Though the Queen's not a subject; -I hops I'm
iiot wrong ¦ , - - -j
If I make her a subject to-<Say of niy sont. ;¦¦
CHORUS—;-. • - ; -. •' i' . „ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦'.-'.' ? '
Union Square. Hall Is th,e Scene of
Festivities of Popular. Fra- V •
i -. ¦ . ternal Lodge, r .»
• The thirtieth anniversary 'ball of Tem
plar Grove Nov.9.-U. A. O.' D.. took place
in Union J Square Hall last night. A large
crowd was present and missed no tricks
In a/genferally enjoyable evening. The hall
'was tastefully decorated with bunting and
flowerS and presented a pretty ¦ appear
. ance. ¦ '¦ -¦ ¦ ¦ : " ¦ - -¦
The committees in charge follow:.'
' Floor manager. Sven-Danlelson; assist
ant, D. Bammanh. - . . .
Floor .committee— A. Anderson, Victor
Danielson, Ed' Anderson, ; Axel Johnson,
"A." L. Anderson. :.-.•• ¦
.- «- Reception : committee — I* - G. ' Schord,
Harry Mentzer, John Turnblad, G. Peter
son. 1 t ¦ - • • •'.'¦ • ¦• ¦ ;•-.' ¦ ---¦:.*";
.* ¦ Committee of •¦ - arrangements^ Alex Ol
son. , Aug, Sjogren, D. ¦ Bammann; J.' P. . S. ?
Johnson. A. Anderson, A. M.. Wallen, Alex
OlEson.. . .
TEMPI«AB GROVE GIVES
WELL ATTENDED HOP
h"-^"sfl NRAGED by . the refusal of his
divorced "wife to §Ign a deed
" transferring a piece of property
af the corner of Cortland and
Buena Vista avenues, Demas
Massonabe attempted to murder her in
her little notion and .tobacco .store at 400
Sixth street, near. Harrison, yesterday
morning. Massonabe' is now in jail,
charged with assault to commit murder,
and his former wife is at her home suffer
ing from wounds, none of them, however,
considered fatal. . . .'_.,..
Massonabe went to his former wife's
store about 10 o'clock and, . producing a
paper, said that Attorney Bergerot de
alred her to sign it. At the time of the
purchase of the property the' land was
mortgaged, but is about, to be sold. ' Mas
ponabe claims thai there is a balance of
$50 coming, and told his former, wife that
she could have this amount if she would
only sign the "paper. She said that there
¦was .some fraud,, in the. transaction and
would under no' circumstances affix her
signature. ' "• . ' •
Her eldest daughter by -a former mar-:
riage. Kllze, Courreges. ajid her son, Jo
seph Courregea, 14 years old, were in the
store at the time.. ,
When' Mrs. Massonabe refused to sign
the document .her husband -became fu
rious. He whipped out his . pistol and
fired at his former wife, the bullet strik
ing her in the- arm. The womah. ran to
ward the rear, got into the kitchen and
locked the door. Massonabe tried to' force
the door, but was unable to do so.
Young Courreges "pluckily- ran , to his
mother's rescue and tackled his step
father. Massonabe .shook the boy off and,
firing a shot, at him, rushed to the rear
of the house. . Here he reloaded his re
.volver, and then smashing in a window
gained entrance to the room where the
frightened woman was crouching in a cor
ner. Two shots found a lodging place in
her body and others went wild, eight
shots in all being fired by the murderous
Frenchman.
Young Courreges, who had followed his
stepfather, again attacked him vigorous
ly, but as? he was not armed he could not
accomplish much. .
A crowd was quickly attracted by the
noise, and Eugene T. Sutton.a machinist.,
living upstairs, arming himself with a re
volver, went down to give the Irate man
battle. Massonabe was coming out of the
kitchen, when Sut ton covered him. As
the would-be murderer raised his weapon
to fire at Sutton young Oourreges struck
it from his, hand, the, pistol broke In two
and '.the cartridges dropped out. Sutton
closed in on Massonabe. and with the as
sistance of other bystanders soon.over
powered him. \
In the meanwhile the woman's daugh
ter telephoned for the police, but when
Officer's O'Nlell and Frances arrived with
the patrol wagon they found that his cap
tors had bound Massonabe hand and foot
with a quantity of -bale rope. He was
sullen ana ugly and cursed volubly in
French. ¦ ' - ¦¦
The Injured woman, her son and former
husband were hurried to the Recefving
Hospital, where Dr. Bunnell first treated
Mrs. Massonabe. One bullet had pene
trated the upper portion of the left arm,
another the right shoulder and r third en
tered the neck from the rear. The last is
the most dangerous wound. Probing
failed to find the bullet and.lt was neces
sary to resort to the X-ray process to lo
cate it. .This was done last night, and
after the -bullet was removed the woman
was taken to her home.
The gallant little lad who went so cour
ageously to the defense of his mother
was found to .be uninjured; although the
bullet tere away a part of his clothing.
He was sent to the Hall df Justice, where
he made a statement to Captain of De
tectives Seymour and Detectives Whltaker
anu •McMahoH. who -were detailed on the
case. His story differs only in detail from
the foregoing. • • ¦"
It was found that in breaking through
the window .and In the subsequent strug
gle with Sutton and his captors, Masson
abe had been badly. tut about the head,
face and hands. There were two lacera
tions of the scalp, a contusion of the right
shoulder and an Incised wound of the lit
tle finger of the left hand. He was taken
to the Southern police station.- and. on the
Htatement "of Dr. Bunnell that his former
wife's injuries were not necessarily fatal
he was -charged- with- assault .to .commit
murder. He was removed to the Hall of
Justice later. '/-¦'¦'.:) :¦_ ¦ : 3>->'#'
-Mrs. Massonabe claims the property in
dispute was community property. She
says that there was some irregularity
about the transfer and for that reason
she declined to slpn the papers for Mas
aonabe. P. A. Bergerot is the latter's at
torney
Massonabe, on account of his inability
to speak English and the lack of an in
terpreter, did not make a- statement. The
prisoner is 61 vears of age, has no occu
pation and is decidedly dissipated looking.
Mrs. Massonabe was separted from her
husband for nearly live years on account
ot his dissolute habits. She had several
children »>y a former huaband. lour ol
wnom are living, and two by Massonabe.
for whom she naa been able to make a
living in the little store conducted by her.
Frequently Massonabe has gone to her,
demanded and received money. He has
done nothing for the support of his chil
dren since the uivorce some years ago,
Mrs. Massonabe is highly spoken of by
her neighbors.
THE •WOTJLD-BE MURDERER. HIS INTENDED VICTIM AND THE 14-
YEAR-OLI> BOY WHOSE PLUCKY FIGHT PROBABLY SAVED HIS
MOTHER FROM BEING KILLED.
THE^ SAN FRANCISCO. CALft, STJND AY, JAyUART 27, 1901/
INFURIATED FRENCHMAN ATTEMPTS
TO MURDER HIS FORMER WIFE
Demas 'Massonabe Sends Three Bullets Into
Woman's Body and Shoots Her Young
Son Who Comes to Her Assistance
-»- ¦ : — 1 «»•
SOUTH McALESTER, I. T.. Jan. 25.—
There were no now developments among
the Choctaw Indians to-day. Governor
IJukes says he cannot maintain order
without the help of the Federal Govern
ment. If is not-believed the Indjans made
threats credited to them. They say they
16
% THE GRAND FINALE OF OUR 3
•^ . • ' We hav» made up our minds to do a tremendous business the closing 1 days of January. Nothing
S= short of doubl* last year's sales will satisfy us. As a fitting climax to the' greatest sale in our history,
¦*— we had to prepare for 4 record-breaMng 1 event. These exceptionally grand values on sale, commencing 22
to-morrow, are bound to bring hundreds of eager buyers. There wil 1 be no disappointments. " =^S>
| ENORMOUS PURCHASE OF BELTS, BUCKLES, SLIDES, ETC 3
I S4500 WORTH AT 331c ON THE DOLLAR. 1
2^r : Amost sensational sale of Ladies' High-Grade Belts, Buckles, SI ides, etc., starts here to-dorr©w. Not
•st: until you have personally inspected the goods will you fully realize the intrinsic value; and the im- r3
ri portance of this splendid offering. FISHEL, 2JESSLER & CO. of New York City, recognized as manufac- H2
y turers of the first rank, turned over to us their entire surplus stock of this scr.se r.'s choicest and best- -.^S
J^:" sellinff Btylesj amoun'ticg to $4500, at 33 1-3 cents ON TH23 DOLLAE. We intend to have .you share in =^»
5s this fortunate purchase and offer this immense stock, commencing to-morrow, AT THE SAME RATIO, jjjg
2IH aa follows: . ' !• ' . . . • ./ r**
ZZ PULLEYS BELTS Of.the best black double-faced SatLn Ribbon, Corded Satin and fine Seal 12
Jt^ Leather, trimmed with extra fine pulley ring sets and slides/ in Gold, Silver, Oxidized and Rhinestones. =3
§f TIE RINGS AND BELT RINGS. SATIN RIBBON AND CORDED BELTS. BELT BUCKLES, SLIDES & BELT SETS 3
2£= 50c values for..... 17c each Ladies* 75c Belts for.. 25c each $1.00 values for.... 35o each .35
75c values for 25c each' Ladies' $1.50 Belts for.. f»Oc each $1.50 values for.... ....... 5Oc each =3
ZZ $1.00 values for.. .~~ 35c each Ladies' $2.25 Belts for.. 75c each $2.00 values for...... 65c each 12
C: ?i-5° values for GOc each Ladies' $4.50 Belts for. .91.5O each $2.50 values for .85c each 3
E ABSOLUTE CLEARING 4)F FUNNEL ANOTHER SPECIAL OFFERING OF A BIG SALE OF TABLE CLOTHS 3
% WAISTS. SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES. " AT $1.95 EACH. 3
• All ttt bta£som« and most t ashlon«b'e e Intend to break all reoorfls ln the * •
£ to been gnaStr None tt^^^^ta.^re^ffi^FI^ST | f* 3 "**' ™ U * $2 *°\ t 3
«fc_ Is to be carrted over. Th«r« Is «ail a QUALITIES, finished with a 3-lnch hem. "^ have »nnounced similar sales before. *^
•5- lars« variety lo the best colorlscs to manufacture! by a tnont reliable mill. The *>ut euch values as those we offer to-tnor- — *»
a^Z choose Jrom. pTrTard* QU ° te *™ lesn - iti^ a the 8he€tln S row you never received; 300 fine' German .—¦
£ Our French FU.M »T.nOV To *i QC M do*. Hemrt.tchM Sb^ta. S K^ ' **** ™»*»™ °* f us from
y^ WaiJis were Ss.r.O J Clos« a*r-33 CSiSO: worth 65c Sale price. ..Each DOC a wholesale house— all they had on hand— , r -<*>
t= Onr Prfsch Flunf! loimt? To cone' M do». Hemstltchefl Sheets/ rtze «'_r| for less than Import price. They are 2x2H < ~mm
«^— Waists were $O.OO) Close OO.ciD -"ZxSO; worth 70c. Sale price.. .Each v>vrV«« yards ln size, already hemmed ready, for
m~- PO doz. Hemstitched Sheets, slz* Rlx90: use; a fine quality linen, exquisite fleur -^
ZZ worth 77Hc. Sale price... ..._..^QT 1^ dp Il8> polka dots and thistle designs; "^
- & ? o«??S' 111 6ms s/^-Pi WM£&£$^%v'3?r =
sr For 98c Each. ",;s' „".¦ t - : • •¦•• E«h«"=c =s
y~ rial Mle. Mad* of the best Quality Knp- ]ftn <!nz - Hemstitched Pillowcases, s!z«» 43x
?*— Jl^ h t Flan " ele "' . , ln P""* MHpes and «; worth TOc Sale price 1£>C IJIn Plannolctto B0 places heavy ind fleecy 13
check?, beautifully lace trimmed, with • 1 ¦*'^ IUC rianneiGIie OutlnR Flannel ln light
g^^ herasmchlnp. an especially well made snO doz. Hemstitched Pillowcases; with a 7p Y/Jrfl and medium. 1 pink and HT
m-2 rown. extra length and width: wens 8-inch hem; size 45x36 at l!)c, 50x26 at lu IBIUl blue Ptrlpt-R and checks:
fc S k !.^..^..*L^. E aS 98c a ? d .. 8 :^!!::::::::Kach 24c nn .T^:r^7c 2
S Ladle Drelf. e iifg O ?a n cque« IIVIIVIENSE SALE "OF 20c CHILDREN'S HOSE %
E SS& sc iiill >u '- $1.95 Each BLACK GOODS 13c PAIR. 3
£ kS a cf i: r .REMNANTS sizes 5 to 9. 2
y*~ need the room for new So great has been the success of the January clear- AT~ To introduce a new brand of -^
¦«" ¦ rrx-xi*. Therefore the b'g reduc- nnce sale that It Is not at nil surprising: that there — " » stockinps we offer to-morrow 60 r *Tj
JJ^; tlons. Mad* of All-Wool Ripple has accumulated .a va Ft number of Black Goods Rem- ¦ /¦ dozen at less than manufact-- -^
a^_ Kiderdnrwn Flannel, beautifully nants. We have determined to close them out to- U /r^ urer's cost. They are fine, ~^X
*— finished with satin-bound col- morrow regardless of their original cost or value. In |f /^H ribbed, cotton hose, with double ~m
'ar p.nd appllqued embroidery; the lot you will find waist, skirt and dress le.nrthp, / B Roles, heels and toes, absolutely -~*
«»— 1n sh».Je« of cardinal, pink, the most desirable styles and weaves, ouch as Black / £mr fast Wack— we will replace thos= ZH
lirht Mue and gray: all *lzes; Cheviots, Venetians; Broadcloth*. Plerolan. Crepons / that prove uneatlsfactorv \ — •
1^ were j:.iO and J3.on. To Cl.9,1 and Matelasses. all marked AT ONE-H.M^F THE " :0c hose. On sale at l'<>A "~"
j>~ close Each O» FORMER SELLING PRICE. PRICE .Pair ItSC rS
ff SI. 25 Golf Material UXImS, 1 ! lining savincs. . ladies' st.so -3
89c Yard. Se?*^g;- p JS2 Silk. Serge Lining pebble cheviot 3
fcl regularly at n rs a yard. To clow OQ r 33C YaFUi able for Jacket llnln K ; CVIOTC mo
3s— Tard Ot/C wuu-iumi. In colors or Heliotrope. bKIKTS FOR — g
•fc— Turquoise. Blue. Tan. Cerise and O Q _^J
g~ ~ Black. A bargain at Tard OOw Pn not mlfs thly Skirt *9 BE* ra ZSS
¦tr 7Rf* Pactinoroe Another lot of those fine Bargain. The best one 1T1 IT ff H — «
*>— »••»» UOaiimCIBO all wool 3S-inch Cash- OKo Cfclrf I Ininff Brocaded Armure Skirt yet offered. A perfect ML W% | F|
r~^ tM'' Yard meres fo much used for * J *» l! * 111 s.HIJII o Unlngr, entirely new, 32 finished and fitting skirt. w Nk_ B B _ 6 — «¦
JT~ "" 1U1M> Phlrt Walst«. In color* of l/p Y^ff ' lnch»s -nld<»: In colors made of a ftrand V,\;ir\i \MjB\JJZ H 9*3 T^L
m*~ Carfiinnl. Old nose. Gray. New Blue. I>lght ltu "" u of Navy. Green. New Pebble .Cheviot, bought ,^s^^T.." v ™ '^3s
Blue. Pink, Lavender and Cream: rrO/- P'ue. Purpl*. Turriuolse, Hed and A A r> t0 sel1 at r '°- To-mor- ' '.. '—at
SZT •worth 75c. for Tard OcFS* Black. Special price Yard l"v row J|»."i.7."» Each • EACH
1^ OUR NEW FOULARD SILKS HAVE ARRIVED.
gf A rno«t roreeonn array of New.Foulard Silks Is gathered here for your inspection. • All the Fprlng favorites and most fashionable
sfr— and color combinations are represented in this magTiIflcent collection— priced at R5c to' $1.50 a yard.. Come and see them. • "jJJ
fsixtra SnPrifll I2OO- Yard« 23-Inch RIacIc .«»i«*8 T a ?."et», a dppendablo wearitiR quality, of n. rich' =3
*>- fc -**-» « %^|JCV^1«1I. lustrous finish; our regular 85c prade. "VV hile tha quantity last* "..•....'. Tard OyC
j»- ROOO Ynrds New dnpaneKe W' n «h SilWs, in pretty corded efTecta. In stripes and checks, Jn colors of Pink, m — =?¦
fc= I^ipht Bluf. Lavender. Red. Nile. Black and Special at •- Yarl 4OC
S^ llfjipc' COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE: PROMPT ATTENTION. ' MORE $1.25
£ R ,.pu Tirrrj. ' • ¦ • • MOCHA GLOVES 3
fiiiimiiuiwiuuituiijuauiiiintiiuiuiaiuiiiitiiiuuituuaiiuiujuitumuiuiiiiiwujaiuiai
1 fi it ... , , » >,. a *i
% On Ynii Want In Rp Strnnff v < j££5£^k s
g yy 8UU «¦ Gill IU U\$ -~^r"^^^^^ : •
tj To f<^r! as \lporoiifs as you w*>rc> before you wastM your ' h2? SC- «-CV, v
tj Ftreneth? To. enjoy life .'ipaln? To cet tip in Ihe nmrnhifr fe- *r ' ""*"" r >4Sif / ""^ W~!gj3$' ~~ ' >
-j frfc.aherl by sleep and not more tired, than when you went to- j • ...*N»*^s^is>£p*if JLS ¦ /^^~ • " -* • V *
Jf t'. 1 .? To hav« no weakness In tho hack or "come and go" \\ \&£& /S^^^^^&f \*£ .®
*f 5<i'!:s'.' No Indigestion or Constipation? To know thiit your . > * i: <Kl Iv. >wf/ Si^^\Af£$7 ©
W *trrngih Is not slipping away? To once more have bright v«. V I ' ¦ / '' A
O eyv*. hoalrhy color I n your <-hf>eks and be confident that what ya&l-" A ' I --^~ y -t^£a§$£r '¦ A
O other m«»n r^xin do is not impossible to you? Jn short, do you >S===. V . P^-._t> K/ > &?^-i&3%? '' ' <L
q want t'j li<: a man aniont; men? - - . . • • Nj^^i^i_- {¦ ' V {/. i -$&?%f&r S
§ DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT. X A-' '' "^r-- 2
O There is nothing so penrtrating:. nothlnp fo Jnvl^oratin", v!^^*^ V\ it''/ '¦ Jzkw' ¦( O
O nothing that will relieve weakness .and pain as speedily and O^mY- vO V /f • / ''/^zWl>^ ¦"'''' ' * "¦' A
O surely as Dr.- McLaughlir.'s Electric Helt. It is Pimple, but '^NK\w ll 1 '/ vf'f^ • S
f^ prand. It artists nature by a Ren*>ral reinforcement of tho • • *^|*kr<s'vjii<i>y«^V Z7' ! $kzZZ~ : • 2
vital energy by. Infusing a mild. Invigorating current of Elec- * - ,"~ twt^^fet^^ ff/^^n^sSf-Cr- O'
JJ tnrity ir.:o the nerves and by supplying the system with tho I^SS^^C^^aW^fl^ " •- ©
2 ..T-r T i^KT. at '-' st men ln th< * w °rl<l of medicine and science say - • ©
© IJI>h-< Title ITY IS TylFK." It is the strength., the vigor ajid. : • T" 5 =>***-«»»-' < - •»*•?'' -. JT
q in fact the very life in thp body, and Dr. McLaughlin's success In making use of its life-giving power -proven its I a
® merit. With his fclectrlc Helt he has cured 19.0f>0 weak men during the 4ast five years-men who had been troubled }' 5
G witn BTioral debility, wasting weaknrps-men who had been able to cot no benefit from drugs. Many of these cases werei .•
© rro'iounced incurable by doctors who had failed to curfe them.. But they have been cured, and they stand ready to tes- ®
§ ' OON'T BE A WEAK MAN, YOU WERE INTENDED TO BE STRONG, AND YOU CAN BE, I
r> Ton csn Iw a stronger man than you are. You should be stronger. You should have more confidence ln yourself. ©
A f/f >'?ur nerves, with this electric current. Fcef its warming glow as Dr. McLaughlin's Electric- Belt saturates your •
Q ill **• ' i » made hundreds of vigorous men out of as many weak, despondent fellows.. It will, cure you if you Q
• I^' C T\ ha VT' ? T Rh?u^ ! . atIs: ?; La i?. e . B ?, ck * Scia ' u^. Lumbapo or weakness in the nerves or ,vltai organs, you ought to' S
o consult Dr. McLaujrh in. He will tell you whether his. Belt will cure you and give, you his advice free. Call and test 2 ;
© ™t ?.Z?*l?} ' Vr™ 1 thls wonderfi:! Belt Prfv^s and how easily It Is regulated! Don't be i B norant of a remedy which ®
a n y u 11 I •? !l .- r ' t2r Past mistakes and arsure your future happln^s. If y6u cannot call, send for Dr. McLaughlln's •
% E^. k# iS r J? f devoted to thp weaknefs of men; tells the cause of early decay in young and middle-aged men. It shows.,.©
§ PieTeSd Can'oraddrcL- ;iP restore this power, ana gives the proof. Send for it to-day. It is free.' A call' 3
f | DR, t C. MeLAOGHLIN, '?"2%SL£g& - !
Dr. Pierce's Common, Sense Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps to pay expense of mailing
only. ' Address Dr. JL V. Pierce, Bui-
felo, N. Y.;.-.,.-V .:.-,-
"Your letter just received," writes Miss Rose
KiJfethcr. of 43 %Vest Sharpnact St.. Gerraan-
tawn, Philadelphia, Peuna. "Words fail to
express bow thankful I am t" you for vour
advice. I must confess that for {he length of
titne I have been using- your medicine I have
found it to be the most wonderful and best
remedy for female trouble" that I ever have
tried. Sorry I did not know of your ' Favorite
Prescription • years ago."
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription may
be relied upon as a perfect regulator. It
stops enfeebling drains, heals inflamma-
tion and ulceration, and cures female
weakness. " // makes weak women strong
and sick women well.
There. is no alcohol in "Favorite Pre-
scription " and it is entirely free from
opium j cocaine and all other narcotics.
"Whilethey are accumulating knowledge
on the profound sciences, are often so
ignorant of their own. natures that they
allow local disease to fasten on them to
the ruin of the general health. Back-
ache, headache, nervousness, point to a
disordered or diseased local condition
which should have prompt attention.
MARKET ST. aF.^S^
DIRECTORY
OF HOUSES.
Catalogrues and Price Lists Mallea
on Application.
COAL. COKE A>D PIQ IRON.
If tl [I CIJV & fft 900 Eatterr Strew.
J-W- WILjUilllWU-. Telephone Mala MU.
FRBSH AND SALT MEATS.
14^ RftVF^ & f 11 S?aiSPtolt Butchers. 194
JA3- DUICjttWU- Clay. Tel. Mala 1394.
OILS.
LUBRICATTXO OTLS. LEOXARD A KTXJ3.
4 IS Front at.. S. . S\ Phone Main 1713.
PRINTING.
I PRINTERS BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. "
_^__ "a Firs* at.. San yranetaeo.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic PiRTDinfiJJ ' *°* Calirornla
Cod^. . I AH lUlL)i2u street.
WHITE Aifl STEAM COAL. ZSk^fe
D1ASIOND COAL MINING CO.. at It3 GRESN'
R1VKR COLLtERlES, ia the Bp« Coal la Ui*
market. Offlct and Tarda— 450 Mala s-.reet.
DR. WONO W00 T2A AHD BS1B SAHITAElTJa,
764-7M CLAT »TKIET.
4tgKW San Francisco. Dec. Hi. 13C0.
KCsi*a To all whom it may concern:
I In December. 1S39. I wa3 taken
. 'Bft g Pick with Black Tjphold Fever.
fLj, 9 the must virulent type known to
lEi^L * medical 8Clecci». I had hrmor.
J5»4>^\. Tbm;**. bo tli r.a?al anl im»*:i-
*&ffim&Wf r.al. eight of the latter o-'cur.
YffllfffirtxVv' rlnsr ln one day. Dr. Wong
*&JfrUlJfSi<Y Woo. tUe eminent Chines* phy-
sician was called, and with une doa» ot Ms
tea itopped the now of blcod. thereby *avlr«.sr
my life, as 1 had been glva up by my whlta
physician, as well as by all my frl»r.ds. Was
unconscious four weeks, but by Dr. Wen? Woo"*
wonderful skill >ie saved my life frora thl» most
latal of all levers. Although I was cpnflned to
my bed three months, was able to resume my
vocation in «lx months from the time I went to
bed. and now I weigh 2C2 pounds, pore than I
fcad ever attained previously. \ would rheerfulty
recommend I>r. Wonir Woo to any one in neod
of a nrst-clasa physician for any cause whatso-
ever.— RALPH N. FOLKS. 305 Golden Gau
ave.. San FraacUco. Cal.
ADV KKTISJ^M-tUJTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVBB.TISEMENTB.
n lWWL.-.-.- JJ7irM | «
\ ¦ i
1 CURE i^
I THEIR PATIENTS B
I QUICKLY AND |
I PERMANENTLY,
| EVEN I
I AFTER ALL OTHERS |
I FAIL. '. . I
H — - '• n
I The man 13 yet unborn who fs
¦ great cnouch to master the al- %
*w most limitless field of medicine y
I and surgery. No one is more \i
I strongly convinced of this than \]
I the members of the staff of DR. . g
j MEYERS & CO. Other physi- J
1 cians, however, have tried to do s;
[1 this, but have met with disap- *
['3 pointing resnlts to themselves.
Wt and often disastrously to their pa- |L
m tients. For this reason DR. C;
¥9 MEYERS & CO. determined ac
Q the very beginning of their pro- 5
H fessional careers, away back in Jj
ua 1881. to limit their practice to a I;
Kg single- line of diseases, and to '£
Q originating and perfecting: cures )1
H for such ailments. They treat, 5
g consequently, diseases and weak- g
BJ nesses which they are absolutely g|
J3 certain they can positively cure, r
| to STAY CURED forever.
9 THEY CURB •
ffl Nerrous Debility', Stricter: Rap- I
H tures. Tumors. Varicocslc, Private £
m Diseases. Cancer. Sleeplessness. '';
|m| Rheumatism. Kidney and Bladder '•
I Diseases. Spine Diseases. Liver Dis- I
'A eases. . Heart Diseases. Blood Dis- . •.
JJ eases. Skin Diseases. Stomach Dis- £
m eases. Eye and Ear Diseases, Lung
M Diseases, Rectal Diseases. *-
A PAY WHEN WELL. $¦
jj As a suarante* DR. METERS & CO. £!
m will let the patient deposit th« cries g
¦ 5] ot a cure in any bank ln S«n Fran- */
i If dsco. to t# paid tn. DR. MEYKTia ft jj
*1 CO. after he is entirely frell. If It fa fJ
H not convenient to do tMa, payments *j
M may ha mada ln weekly or monthly A
9 - tnatallmenta. fig
1 HOME CURES -FREE BOOK S
3 'Although It Is preferable to ae* ttin ?;
J patlentj. in many instanc«a. It Is not fr
2 alway-j necessary- If you cannot call. S
; write for private book, diagrrnsla &
i sheets, fre« advioi. prices ajiO oth*«r V*
! partleulara. Correspondence aoliclted. Vi
"» AH letters conndential. N'o printing S»
Ion envelopes or packages to Indicate w.
name of sender. Cures sent by either *» ,
mall or express. . . . &,
FREE CONSULTATION. |
dr.meyIrssco.,1
731 Market St., San Frarcis.o. |
ELEVATOR ENTRANCE. t
Hour»-^8 to S dally : 7 tr» 8 even- '*
in£s, daily ; Sundays 9 to 11. . ,
Solid
uan I 1 1 1 Hi If
Dining- yillil
Room "• JK55
Chair 1§B1
— brace arrnn-r-cane
teat. .' ii
..TMs is only one JV wkAV- ;
amens many bar- L*J' r 'f^i*' '
pains In furniture Vftl^fer^
der art merit. .. " \I'* a jf»'iH- v ""''JP f '' *»" r
For a limited time we offer big bargains ln
Furniture! Carpets
I>>t us estimate • on complete housefur-
nlshlr.B — we can saw you money.
CREDIT EXTEN'DED.
Free delivery within £00 miles on 125
worth and over.
T, Brilliant Furniture Go,
•'<- 338-342 Post Street, ¦
Near Powell. ' Oj>en- Evenings.Dwwtis in. Irrigating Ditch.
RENO. Nev., : Jan.'- 26.— E. E. Copeland,
an attorney, was found dead In the Coch
ran.irrigating*dHch this morning. It is
supposed that -while going home at an
early hour thi* morning Copeland fell
Into - the ditch and ' was drowned. Cope
land Carrie, to Reno .about four years ago
from Modoc County, Cal. He Is survived
by a wife and two sons, one by a former
marriage. ; ¦_¦-:.
Revenue for Porto Rico.
SAN JUAK. Poito Rico, Jan. 26.— The
House yesterday passed the Hollander
bill.' to provide revenue for the people of
Porto Rico and for, other purooses. by a
WASHINGTON. Jan. 26.— Secretary
Gage to-dav sent to the House a full
statement of the Indebtedness Incurred by
the annexation of Hawaii, -w-tih a request
for an appropriation to- pay, abrogating
$2X47.545. ¦ -¦¦ '• • .
Cost of Hawaiian Annexation.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 26.— President Mc-
Klnley is receiving and seeing so
many evidences of California's mag
nificent style of doing: things that
he is prepared for almost any
thing when he goes to that State in May
¦next. The other day he received an Invi
tation tram California Commandery No. 1.
Jx'nlvhts Templar, to visit them. . The In
vitation was a card of solid gold, contain
ing a di;ir:u-nd, all worth probably J*«0.
To-day he was presented with the ballot
t»cx lifted bjr the California Blectors m
casting their votes for President and Vice
President. It is a beautiful piece of work,
and the trcld on it is estimated to be
worth Jj40d or $500. The box was made to'
receive the votes of the Electors when
they m«»t at Sacramento January «14 to de
clare the result of the Presidential elec
tion in November. . By a resolution of the
Electors the box was to be presented to
the President by the messenger who went
to Washington to deliver the vote to the
President, of the Senate. The messenger
*«>lert«5d for the duty was the Hon. Samuel
M. Shortridge, one of the Electors.
He was accompanied to the White
House by the California delegation In
Congress and wa« Introduced to the Presi
dent by Senator Perkins.
Colonel George Stone, chairman of the
California Republican State Committee,
was also present. Mr. Shortridge made a
felicitous address of presentation, to
which the President made appropriate re
ply and expressed pleasure at- receiving
the eift.
fornia Were Cast Presented to
Him by S. M. Shortridgre.
Box in Which Electoral Votes of Cali-
PRESIDENT EECEIVES
; A HANDSOME GIFT
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.— The House to
day made good progress with the bill tc
revise and 'codify the postal laws. Only
twenty-eight of the 221 pages remain tc
be disposed of. Efforts were persistently
made again to-day to load the bill down
with amendments to effect changes in the
existing postal laws. The pressure was
especially strong in favor of reclasslfying
certain classes of postofflce employes
but Loud, in ch-arge of the bill, fought
all of -them, explaining that such amend
ments were out of place on a codiflcatlor
bill and would, if adopted, be the means
of Its death In" the Senate. In this -way
every attempt to amend the bill was suc
cessfully resisted. ! ,5
When the House opened Chairmar
Southard of the Committee on Coin
age introduced a resolution making
the Hill bill for establishing the parity
between the' silver dollar and gold a spe
cial order in the House, with two days
for debate.. The resolution goes to the
Committee on Rules, which will determine
whether or not t~e measure is to be
brought to the front as a special order.
Before this is done the advocates of the
measure -will canvass the sentiments ol
Senators with a view. of assuring Speakei
Henderson that the consideration given
to the measure in the House will not be
fruitless. . *
The House to-day disagreed to the Sen
ate amendments to the legislative, execu
tive and . judicial appropriation bill and
agreed to the conference asked for by the
Senate. Messrs. Blneham of Pennsylva
nia. Hemenway ot Indiana and Livingston
of Georgia were appointed conferees on
the part of the House.-
The House then proceeded with the con
sideration of the bill to revise and codify
the postal laws, which was interrupted by
the consideration Of appropriation bills. .
An amendment offered by Latimer, to
provide that rvi star route should be let
to any one nt«.- a- resident in-tne county
where the route, was located aroused a
great deal of opposition from the friends
of the bill, who argued that the Injection
of such a provision into a bill to codify ]
the postal laws would result in loading
the measure down, and- make its ultimate
defeat certain. The amendment was lost,
36 to 47. .
Tawney of Minnesota discussed the ad
visablllty of placing upon the bill as an'
amendment his bill for the reclassiflcation
of railroad mall clerks. Loud appealed
to Tawney not to offer the amendment
on the ground that if adopted it would
sound the death knell of the bill. If the
bill contained any. provision which can
not-pass the Senate by unanimous consent
It must fail. t 7> ' ' ''• ¦ '
¦ • Tawney declined to ' be convinced, and
offered the amendment. It classifies rail
road mall clerks into ten classes,* with
salaries ranging from $800 to J1S00 per an
num The amendment was lost, 48 to 49.
After completing 193 -pages of the bill
the committee rose. * ¦,
The • remainder of the, day was . devoted
to 'eulogies, on the late Senator • Gear ¦ of
Iowa. The speakers were Messrs. Hedge.
Lacy. Hull. Grosvenor, Richardson, Steele
and Daliell. ' ;
At 5:05 p. m.. as a further mark of re
spect, the House adjourned.
Loud Successfully Fights
All Amendments
' Offered.
GOOD PROGRESS
ON POSTAL BILL
PECULIAR MINERAL
FOUND JN TEXAS
ily and Gives Out a Strong,
Steady Flame.
Clay Discovered Which Ignites Read-
AUSTIN. Tex.. Jan. 26.— A dispatch
from Rio Grande City. Tex., says an Im
mense deposit of an unknown substance
which closely resembles clay has been
discovered near Rio Grande City. Pieces
of the substance ignite quickly and give
out a strong flame, which burns for a re
markably long period. It Is claimed by
local scientists that .the substance is
either an unknown mineral or that it is
ordinary clay highly charged with natural
gas. In either case the value of . the
earthly deposit sis a fuel is inestimable,
as it covers many thousands of acres and
Is of great depth.
Lawyer Sues for Damages.
STOCKTON.' Jan. 2G.— A. H. Carpenter,
a local attorney, to-day filed a damage
suit for $10,000 against A- H. Ashley, Dis
trict Attorney of this county, alleging
that Ashley had libeled him by accusing
him of subornation of perjury during the
trial of Arthur Ennis, charged with hav
ing stolen a hog from the Sargent ranch.
John Stennett, a witness, went back on a
6worn statement he had made to the offi
cers before the trial. Mr. Ashley claimed
he did so at the Instigation of Carpenter,
attorney for the defendant. The District
Attorney ordered Stennett into custody at
once for. perjury, and he has since been
formally charged with that crime. Car
penter characterized the proceedings as
high-handed and for the purpose of preju
dicing the jury against the defendant, and
Ashley declared that he would have Car
penter before the grand' jury on the same
charge. ...s
vote of 22 to 14. There were many amend
ments, the most important cutting down
the real and personal taxes from on© to
one-half per cent. The excise and liquor
taxes were reduced, but the tax on to
bacco was raised.
the train reached ¦ Oakland. • Not the
slightest clew to "Johnson's" identity
could be found on his clothing. He wore
a ne\v-dark blue serge suit, woolen under
wear, black lace shoea .with: .the riam»
"George E. Keith" on the strans. black
felt derby hat, sweater and black tie. In
his pockets were found $5 13 In coin, a.
small pbcketknlfe" anu- a T£ey'rln§r with
three small keys attached.
The hospital officials, think that-"John
son" is either wanted for some crime or
that 'he has escaped fiom' an asylum
though the man talks perfectly rational.
He is about 35 years old, 5 -feet 10 inches
In height, weighs about 180 pounds ha<s
dark brown hair and heavy, dark brown
mustache. ' . ¦ '
NEELY IS TAKEN
ABOARD, A" STEAMER
Seems Confidtnt ' of ' Securing an
Acquittal in Cuban \ : •-'
Courts. ;.
NEW YORK. Jan." 26."— Charles .F. .W.
Neely, the former postal. official," who. was
ordered extradited to Cuba for trial on
charges of -embezzlement,- letf Eudl6w
street Jail to-day and was taken aboard
a steamer for Cuba. Neely seemed in the
best of spirits on leaving jail.. where* he
had been confined/sinee-Moy 22. 1900 He
said to one of the wardens: "I am glad
I am going hack to' Cuba. -because" I can
readily explain away all charges and Will
be acquitted." * . i •
Springy Destroyed by
WATCHMAN'S BODY
FOUND IN RUINS
Rio Grande Freight Depot at Colorado
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.; Jan. 26.—
The Rio Grande freight depot in. this, city
was burned this morning,- Watchman L.
C.^ Wells was found dead in "the building,
lying in a pool of blood; with,' a revolver
near his right hand. ' It lstsuspe.ctedthat
he was killed by burglars, wjio then fired
the building. .The lpss on the building is
estimated at J5000. Much freight, the
value of which Is not j;et -knoWn/was Also
destroyed. -
"JOHN JOHNSON." AS HE AP^
PEARED JUST AFTER BEING
• RESCUED. ; ••• •- ¦' • ' i
BATTLESHIP IOWA
IN NEED OF REPAIRS
Captain Cooper Reports a Great Fall
ing OflE in Speed Owing to a
Foul Bottom.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.— A report from
Captain Cooper, commanding the -battle-,
ship Iowa, the flagship, of the. Pacific
squadron, notes a great reduction In the
speed of that vessel. owing to a foul bot
tom. The. Iowa went into the drydock
last May. nearly eight months ago, and
on her recent . cruise down the Pacific
Coast showed a falling off of nearly 15
per cent In her regulation speed.
Captain Oor.per urges that the vessel
should Le docked for a thorough cleaning
and i aiming at, the -earliest possible mo
ment. And as the Iowa has .just arrived
back from her southern cruise it is prob
able thiit his request will be complied
with immediately. The experience with
the Iowa Is regarded as an argument for
sheathed battleships.
PACIFIC RAILWAYS
BILL CONSIDERED
Committee Adopts a Substitute Meas
. ure Authorizing Sale of
' • '- Santa Fe.'=
WASHINGTON. Jan. 26.— The House
Committee on pacific Railways has been
at work for: some time .up6n the bill-af
fecting the Santa Fe - Pacific Railroad
and- to-day adopted a substitute measure
authorizing the sale or lease of. the road
to the Atchison. Topeka and Santa Fe
Railroad. .-Provision is also made that the
road shall pay ; $200 a -mile on- its road
through New Mexico, to be apportioned
by the Legislature to the counties; also
until 1902 the sum of $125 per mile taxa
tion and thereafter $200 per mile until the
courts decide the law governing taxation
In Territories, or until the Territories be
come States. Wh<»n admitted as States,
the Legislatures are- to issue charters and
fix the taxation. .-.,:->
Philadelphia. Sails.
WASHINGTON, Jan. -26.— The Navy
Department is advised thlu the . cruiser
Philadelphia, which has ' been lying at
Panama- for several weeks past pending
th« return of a more quiet aspect of af
fairs among the revolutionists, sailed to
day for Callao. - .-. .' . ;
Thaws Giant Powder.
DUTCH FLAT STATION, Jan. 26.—
The body- of; John Regal, superintendent
of the Pearl and Opal "mine at Shady Run,
five miles from .this, place, who has been
missing for a week, was found yesterday.
Regal had been- killed while thawing giant
powder. He was from Stockton.
p^rr^ HE police and Receiving Hospitul
I Officials are puzzled over the case
I of . a powerfully built man who
)l attempted to commit* suicide yes
terday morning by jumping from
the ferry-boat Piedmont on her-11'o'clock
trip from the Oakland Mole to this, city.
As the Piedmont passed Goat Island ,th« .
man. who was on' the upper deck, was
eeen to Jump deliberately overboard. Tho
cry of "Man overboard!" was quickly
raised and the Piedmont was stopped and
a boat was lowered. The would-be suicide
was making a slight effort to keep afloat
and when he saw iho boat nearing him
he swam toward it and was pulled over
the side and taken back to the ferry-boat.
On reaching the ferry slip on this sfdi
the man was taken to the Harbor Hos
pital, where he was treated for submer
sion and alcoholism, and later onwas sent
to the Receiving Hospital at the City
Hall. ; ¦
All efforts to secure a definite statement
from the man proved futile. He claimed
that his home was in Cincinnati, Ohip,
and that his name was John Johnson.
When asked how long he. had been on
the Pacific Coast he answered sir months.
He claimed that he had traveled fram
point to point and was In Portland. Or.,
eight days ago. He denied that he had
jumped from the ferry-boat and insisted
that he had fallen overboard. An exam
ination of "Johnson's" hands showed that
they were soft and unlike those of a la
boring man, which he claimed to be. When
this was pointed out to him he said h-i
had not done any Work for some'monthy.
When asked how he managed to 'travel
around without working he refused to an
swer. •
Captain of Detectives Seymour -was no
tified of the case and in the afternoon
sent Detectives Wren and Dlnan to seo
"Johnson." but he remained dumb to all
their inquiries. ¦ • • : .
Somo of the passengers on the train
from Stockton, on which "Johnson" trav
eled, stated that he attempted twice to
jump from the train and a brakeman was
obliged to keep a close watch on him until
ALABAMA BANK
CLOSES ITS DOORS
One of the Oldest Institutions in the
State and Deposits Are Bs
lieved to Be Heavy.
MONTGOMERY. Ala., Jan. 2G.— The Jo
siah Morris Bank, one of the oldest pri
vate banking institutions in Alabama, did
not open its doocs for business this morn
ing. .«« capital stock of the bank is SlOiJ,
000 Deposits are believed to be heavy.
The assets and liabilities are not yet
known.
At the hour of opening an announcement
was posted on the door to the effect that
yesterday some of the bank's checks 'in
New York, for which provision has been
made, were temporarily refused by its cor
respondents, though they were alfterward
paid. Inquiries followed which created
apprehension, and It was thought best by
the bank, in justice to creditors, to sus
pend payment. The announcement fur
ther stated that this condition of affairs
had arisen from inability to make quick
realization and shrinkage of assets.
Large crowds- assembled around the
oanK to-day and much excitement, pre
vailed. .
Nash Will Not Interfere.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Jan. 26.— Governor
Nash has taken the. case of Rosslyn Fer
rell under consideration on the. report
made to him by the. State Board of Par
dons. It is not expected that. the Gov
ernor will interfere. Ferrell is under sen
tence to be electrocuted on March 1 for
the murder of Express Messenger Lane.
"WASHINGTON,, Jan. . 26.-The House
Committee on Banking and Currency to
day voted, by. G to 4 in favor of » reporting
the Overstreet' bill, •maintaining at all
timesthe parity of -.the • standard silver
dollar^ with gold:' Two Democrat's, Drigss
of; New ,YorK .and .Thayer. .of Massachu
setts, voted with the Republicans In fa
vor of the bill. • As reported the bill is
as follows: . t ..-, .• , " •-¦.
"That the Secretary 'of the Treasury is
hereby" directed to- mairi tain 'at all times
at parity 'with '.gold the standard, silver
dollars of. the United States:", and to that
end he. is hereby authorized and require^
at the demand of; the .holder to exchange
gold coin, for standard silver dollars when
presented -to the treasury.' of -the. United
States in sums not. less than .fifty dollars.
"Section, 2— That, for -the "purpose of
carrying; out the provisions of, this act
the Secretary of the. Treasury., when in
his Judgment there is .not. sufficient- gold
coin In the general fund of, the treasury
to justify a further, use of it for exchange
for standard silver- dollars, shall be au
thorized and required- to employ any
part of the reserve fund; of gold coin es
tablished by section 2 of the act of
March 14, 1900. -and" the • standard silver
dollars received in the reserve fund in
exchange for gold, coin; -under the provi
sions of this act, ' shall be. held ' In said
reserve fund and not paid, out except in
the manner provided in regard to United
States notes in section' 2 of the act of
March 14, 1900; and all provisions of law
for the -maintenance. of said .reserve fund
relating to .United States notes are here
by made . applicable, to: standard silver
dollars in said reserve fund. This act
shall take effect upon: Its passage." ¦
The report. of the Overstreet bill places
two- gold redemption bills on the Hpuso
calendar, the Committee on Coinage hav
ing previously reported the -Hill bill. The
measures differ, however, the Hill bill
providing for turning the silver dollar
into small coin, while the Overstreet bill
establishes a parity by making the silver
dollar exchangeable for gold on demand
at the treasury. . '• '
Mr Overstreet Was authorized to make
the report and the minority will make a
dissenting report. ¦ -
Provides - That Gold Coin r Must Be
Exchanged for Silver of the
Same Denomination
House CommitieVVotss' Pa
vorablyon-OvKStreet-
\ ,„;!';; Bill] .
GOLD AND SILVER
ON A PARITY
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.— National lrri
pation was discussed in the Senate for
three hours to-day, the text feeing an
amendment to the Indian appropriation
bill, providing for surveys, looking to the
construction of an irrigation dam and
ditches for the watering of the reserva
tion of the Pima and Maricopa Indians at
San Carlos, on the Gila River. Arizona.
Durins the day the report of the confer
ence committee on the army reorganiza
tion bill was reported and Hawley an
nounced that he would call it up on Mon
day.
The first business In the Senate was the
presentation of the credentials of Fred T.
l>ubo:s as Senator-elect from Idaho and
of Shelby M. Cuilom as Senator-elect
from Illinois, the presentation being made
in Dubols' case by Heitfeld and in Cui
lom's case by Mason.
The desk of the Illinois Senator was
covered with flowers, and upon his ap
pearance, the rirst since his re-election,
he was cordiaJly greeted by his associates
on the floor.
llo<tr of Massachusetts Introduced and
the btnate passed a resolution asking ivr
Information at the command of tnc iTesi
dent or any executive oiticer of thtr Gov
ernment as to the extent of lands in the
l'hifippine Islanus held lor ecclesiastical
purposes, the character and value of such
tanas and whether any official had. on
behaJf of the Government, entered into
any obligation as to the titles ot such
lands.
The Senate bill providing American reg
ister lor the foreign-built oarKvntine J. «_.
l'lluger ot San Francisco was parsed.
liawiey made an effort to secure con-
Fideration of the conference report on the
• rmy reorganization bill, stating at the
tame time that the bill could not be sup
1'lied to Senators until clerical errors in
the print received could be corrected. Oo
jection was made and the consideration
of the report was postponed until Monday.
The Indian appropriation bill was then
taken u;».
The amendment concerning townsite ap
praisements was considered, Pettigrew re
newing his opposirion to the Townsite
Commission. Alter some debate the town
eite amendment was agreed to.
IMatt of Connecticut opposed the appro- I
Dilation of $100,000 for investigation and j
frurvey of proposed irrigation dams and I
canal* on the <Jila River in the San Carlos
reservation in Arizona. He said he was
opposed to the plan, as it was one which
would commit the Government to a new
policy, which would be one of immense
cost "before it was carried out. Platt ex
plained that settlers at the head of the
Oila River had taken up water rights at
the head of the stream and thus cut down
the supply. The amendment, he said, was
framed in reality to commit the Govern
ment to a policy of national irrigation.
He contended that all the irrigation need
ed for the Indians couid be fecured for
SlOOjOOO. but that the irrigation advocates
favored this scheme because it would
foist the burden of irrigation of the arid
lands inevitably upon the Government.
Stewart contended that the amendment
contemplated only the completion of the
purveys already under way. and that
nothing would follow but a submission of
the complete plan to Congress. He then
made a general argument favoring irriga
tion of the arid lands.
Quarles of Wisconsin discussed the gen
eral Irrigation proposition, indorsing it,
but deploring what he called the guerrilla
Tactics which attempted to st-cure legis
lation upon appropriation bills rather than
by bringing forward a bill contemplating
the whole scheme of watering the arid re
gions. He said that what he opposed was
the method and not the scheme. He said
the Ftates and nation must act in har
mony to preserve water rights, and ac
tion must be taken quickly to secure all
rights for the people.
Thurston. chairman of the Indian Com
mittee, resented the imputation that the
committee was moving by indirection or
•was endeavoring to secure by fair means
any advantage to the irrigation advocates.
Thurston went over the legal phases of
the storage of water by such a dam as is
proposed. Then, taking up the general
features, he 6aid the site for the proposed
dam was the ratist favorable that might
Vie chosen for an Irrigation experiment.
He protested that there was always ob
jection when a email appropriation was
asked for the West, while Western men
were ready to vote for coast improve
ments.
Chandler caustically replied to the stric
tures on New England by Thurston.
Chandler reviewed the history of Irriga
tion legislation, and said he favored a
comprehensive plan of irrigation and
hoped some such scheme would be re
ported.
Thurston. referring to the East, said
toops Eeemed to gTOTf no longer on the
houses, but upon eonae of the citizens.
Against this expression Platt (Connecti
cut) put "nlmseif on record as against any
classification of the East as against the
W>ft or any other section. He ha.d al
ways, he paid, endeavored to faithfully
represent the entire country, and he was
favorable to an irrigation scheme when
carefully prepared. He asserted that there
was a lobby in the Interest of irrigation,
and declared that the feeling had been
worked up without any reference to the
cost of the work.
Amendments were agreed to appropriat
ing $11,000 for light, heat and water sup
plies at Klamath Agency. Oregon: per
mitting the Secretary of the Interior to
r-xpend not more than JIjO.000 for the pur
chase of water rights for the Southern
i;t"5; appropriating $25,000 for the purpose
of Investigating the mineral character of
lands in Indian reservations, snd to hold
from such reservations euch mineral
lardp; providing for an Investigation as
to whether or not a personal tax may be
levied In Indian Territory to maintain a
free school svstem: permitting the sale of
20.000.u00 feet of timber from the Jicarillo
Apache Indian reservation.
After a brief executive session the Sen
ate at 6:22 p. m. adjourned, with the irri
gation amendment etill pending.
Report of the Conference Committee
on the Army Reorganization
Bill to B# Con
sidered.
Strong Opposition to Many
of Its Features Mani
fested.
IRRIGATION BILL
BEFORE SENATE
WASHINGTON. Jan. 26.— That Senators
regard seriously the prospect of an extra
session of Congress in view of the Presi
dent's urgent recommendation of legisla
tion concerning the Philippine Islands was
shown to-day by the activity of those who
desire to avoid an extra session. The
speculation concerning the probability of
a called session was rendered more defl
.nite by the fact that Senators known to
be generally well Informed concerning the
President's" plans joined in the discussion
of the outlook. ' ¦
Careful inquiry also developed the fact
that the President had canvassed the sub
ject with a few Senators. He does not
appear to have indicated any fixed deter
mination of is-suing a call, but rather to
have consulted them as to the advisability
of *uch a proceeding. * In all such In
stances he seems to have had the neces-
at Philippine legislation in view, and
Senators generally express the opinion
that In case a meeting is called, the
Philippine question will receive the lion's
share of attention. The urgency of the
administration oh this point is due to the
importuning of the Taft Commission, the
members of which appear to have supple
mented their otticial recommendations for
earlv action with private letters not only
to the President, but to the members of
the Cabinet as well.
They insist upon the early recognition
of the civil rights of the Filipinos and a
government for them other than military
in form. Senators who have concerned
themselves with these matters have can
vassed the JSenate somewtiat to-day as to
the possibility of getting legislation be
fore March 4 in the line of that contem
plated by the Spooner bill; but they have
received very iittle encouragement.- One
Senator, who has given much atten
tion to the Philippine question, said that
any legislation attempted on the subject
of government for the Philippines neces
sarily would cause prolonged debate.
"The Senate .would talk a month on a
resolution -declaring that the Philippines
are the Philippines," said one Senator as
an illustration of his idea of the hopeless
ness of securing action before the conclu
sion of the present session.
Senators are divided upon the qupstjnn
of the necessity of Congressional action
upon the Cuban constitution. Some of
them contend tha*. Congress will not be
called upon to act in any way upon the
constitution. Others admit the correct
ness of the view to the extent of saying
that Congressional action will not be com
pulsory, but they advance the idea that
the President will-desire to have Congress
share the responsibility of whatever step
may be taken with reference to the Cuban
Government. They also suggest the pos
sibility that something in the Cuban con
stitution may require close scrutiny, and
they agree that if Congressional action
should prove to be necessary it- would not
be fair to the Cubans to postpone it until
"next December. The Senators who op
pose the ship subsidy bill are opposed to
an extra session arid will do all they can
i to prevent the calling of one. T'pon the
I whole, the most that can be said is that
both the Executive and Congress are dis
cussing the wisdom of an extra session
and that no conclusion. has been reached
on the point.
Hopelessness of Definite Action Re
garding Philippines at This
Session Is Admitted
by All.
President Canvasses the
Matter With Stviral;
Senators.
EXTRA SESSION
NOW PROBABLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 27, 1901.
Action Is Deliberately Taken, but v VVhen
Rescued He Declares He : Fell Into the
Water-- Refuses to Talk About Himself
MYSTERIOUS STRANGER JUMPS
OVERBOARD FROM A FERRY BOAT
JFire.
17
A P VR"B.TT RTHV1 M M 1^S_
Radwa/s
Pills
Purely Tegetable. mild and reliable. Cans*
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
stipation. Piles ' and aU derangements of th«
. Internal .Viscera. 25c a box. At Drus* Ism, or
by mall. RABW.AY * CO., New York. .
V
.__•__;;'• •¦•-•• -PB. KILMER'S SWAMP-KOOT. 'j^f'*}'}-* '¦¦-
YOU SHOULD NOT
NE6LECT_Y0UR KIDNEYS
Because if Kidney Trouble Is Permitted to Con-
tinue Fatal Results Are Sure to Follow.
weak and unhealthy kidneys are re-
eponsible for more sickness and suffering • — * 'S^Ss^
than any other disease, and if permitted jg;
to continue fatal results are sure to fol- jj^;' '
Your other organs may need attention— v . ihW/fc- \'to^\^V.
but your kidneys .most, because they do &$mfi//%52~' \^«S\V*
most and need attention first. i'-,'^x!.',,LVZJ'i' ' " ~~" K^w^i
So when your kidneys are weak or out nuMwMf&z^&s. •-> •• -ik. ¦ V^W\ »
of order you can understand how quickly lilwtWfcZffih.^Msi£&v^k\
your entire body is affected, and how ev. /L i3 ? r -%'^W^S8^^4ji^K^ 'Aw^vV
ery organ seems to fall to do its duty. , Wuw»!^*w' vPS^i. A^VW\\vi
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin 7. <Kffi*^ SWz " vJWhiwoX V
taking Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the / wliii^^l* ¦&tim$\
great kidney, liver and bladder remedy. ////sH£fflffi/fci* -'¦'%%£¦ \ ITO^V
because as soon a? your kidneys are well Z/P?^W>lS£§%$5'- SmsSZtrik fflaM
they wi!l help: all the other organs to //^# JHiaraZsgg'- /^?§8t \k MjsSSvx-oc,'
health. A trial will convince any one. 'WSi^MJ&M's, (/&* ffi i!-^^^^»
Among the many cures of this wonderful y^^^^Jpjjr^^^/^^^^ '<¦ £"11*5$*^.
nudicine. l>r. Kilmer's Swamr^Root. Invest!- %^^<?fta X&zZsik'i
KPted by The Call, the ones which we publish -'i^ifezv^A /MS WV^
this week for the benefit of our readers apeak; jSjV^SWv&ltS '^S&^&-&>Hr f^^\VW^V-1
In the highest terms or the wonderful cura- ' /Sc^M\v\W\
live properties of this grrrat remedy: -«^WiiWi >^ *Jv§^V\\\
DES MOIXKS. la.. Oct.* 20, 13C0. C77?tfMu, ;B5fC' ><f iX. : /iWW \\\\»
"I had been out oC health for a Ion;; time. '/ If, jU;i lft\>!«M!v., ,.li' 0> '*V '«K?^^\\li
and I was taking medicine from a doctor's 't'liWh ' VI. 1 A j^Vii JwaZ- '<ff SfjO. ilC^? .'
rrescrlptlon when I received your sample bot- 'Jfrft'l 'iMa'Tl ~ "" ffv^vVO^^y '
tie. I stopped taking the doctor's medicine Hf4\\ i\W|A 1 ti\v>Vv\V]i?i
end used the sample bottle of Swamp- Root. I ,////¦ |W* I flftV^S/C//
afterward' took two of your large bottles. If. \owO\l . mv-
btiUght at 'my drug store, and they cure«l me 'i \\vSw\ A?V/ JSP
tj-tlrely, and- have not felt so well for years. * Y\\V\\ / 'IrY Jr
I thank . you very much for bending . me the \v \ . . J \v '
fcT.mi'le bottle."
D. W. SMITH. 1821 Center St. . D. "W. SMITH. . MTJ*.
. ' . ..' ' Mr«. H. N. Wheeler of 117 Hlch Rock «..
v Lynn. Mass.. writes on Nov. 2. 1900: "About
J aCt^^S* 1^^^^ « J3 months ago I had a very severe sp«;i of
'«*^^ • . . sickness. I was extremely sick for thre»
i&yT -t. *c>>^£.C>> weeks, and when I finally was able to leav<»
, JY X« I Diy bed I w*s left with excruclatinK pains In
Hfy ,^sSlS#a V. A n;y back. My water at time* looked very lllcs
*// . V Vvt coffee. I could pass but little at a time, anrt
fa. HRS«&ftvCfiti£lg». . V\J' Vben only after suffering Kreat pain. Mf phyv
'H ' j^w9&CS«»^^*Jp)^^ v v l<al condition was such that I had no stronnt^i
;/f* iJtaSFj&^^Lftf&y&i^ \'\ end was all run down. The doctors said my
:fk «S^ /^^4Wi *M kidneys were not affected, and while I
/T JMsstiZr V| Cld Not Know I Had Kidney Trouble,
(1 ttilG&B^r ' \ v&k \ * somehow felt certain my kidneys wer» t>i-»
B TtE$5&'<y<iU-82**:- I -Wf \\ cause of my trouble. My sister. .Mrs. C. E.
I W^%£~Z5£h } !!&tr%\Jf& '\\ Llttlefleld of Lynn. advl?ed me to glv« Dr.
I r \J£^ < ?~«P^% t"«gi 3$ S\ Kilmer's Swamp-Root a trial. I procured *
V /. r - ~*~'~~ : 2// » v» bottle nnd Insld*- of thre^ days commenwd to
O '/¦ \S^>fe /a V 'n\vO\V Ifet relief. I followed up that bottle wlfi
*\ t/t m&W~- &&r\ •iKvvV^N another, and at the completion of this on*
'i ////// ZLW/,Z-JF™\ .» /iWWAS found I was completely cured. My strength,
.«, 1 1 1 1 /// ' /Sy&%t>?'/'-'* 0 £?»Zr : ' % f U'vWvS returned, and to-'lay I am as well as ever.
Y (//////iKwfafftoZ'y 'W 1 AlWANxV My business la that of canvasser. I am on,
K:'///////®X <s?&%&/ AWwsSl J my feet a great deal of the time and have to
M ////w^^^^^^W^^\T use much enersrv In fretting: around My cum
*la II r'//Ajk fc^^^^^^- R^WV^Vvj^ L-» therefore all the more remarkable, and U
J\ J^»^®PgSb^^^^^ll\ Swamp-Root will do just as much for
V^^^^^S^^^^V 1 '? " any housewife whose back is too weak to
"ivVV^VWK^vi^a *V^ ' ¦ perform her necessary work, who Is al-
'•^N^XYvWSW'L./*"* ways tired and overwrought, who feels
g> Ni^^*^ that the cares of life axe more than she
can stand.. It is a boon to the weak and
MRS. H. X. "WHEELER. ailing.
Q arnn l p The mild and Immediate sleeplessness. new>usnew. heart dUtnrb-
OeAm pic pffpo* of Dr Kilmer s ance due to bad kidney trouble, skin erup-
Rn-rtlo SwamD-Root 'the great tiona from bad blood, neuralgia, rheuma-
gOttie Swamp Root w f dder tism. diabetes bloating:. lrrltaWlity worn-
Free. ' remedy. Is soon realized. It our feeling lack of axnbittoi- loss ot
stands the highest for its wonderful cures flesh, sallow complexion, or Bright s dla-
Roo^'ViTl^U^o'ufw^oirifstem^iglu: Tf'Vour water, when allowed to xemaln
fnA the best nroSf of th?s is a trial. undisturbed in a rlass or bottle for twen-
You mat 5 h^ve a Lmole bottle of thi 9 ty-four hours, forms a sediment or set.
famous kidney rerredv Swamp-Root, sent tllng or has a cloudy appearance. It Is evl-
f*ee bv mail post^ld. Dy which you may dence that your kidneys and bladder need
test It's wonderful curative properties for immediate attention.
such disorders as kldnev bladder and uric Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is
flpfrt rlCases iwor d eestlon when obliged for sale the world over at druggist* In
?o Jaw your &te • FreqwntS ' nl^t and bottles of two sizes and two prices-flfty
dav smarting or irritktion in passlnp. cents and one dollar. Remember the
brick-dust or sediment in the urine, head- name Swamp-Root, and the address,
ache, backache, lame back, dizziness. Bir.ghamton. i.
FniTn»;iir ivof/CF- If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney, ' liver
or Wadde^^roVble or if U»ere Is a trace of it In your family history send at one*
?n n- Kilmer & Co BlnBhamton. N. Y.. who will gladly send you by mall, lrnme-
diaJelv %o U t cost \o vou a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book containing
.hofhnirands iiDoh thousands of testimonial letters received from men
? n a d%2m^u^"? d i^-R~t. ES^jfe:!- sure tO Say that y ° a read
generous offer in the San Franclscn Sn^?.- rnii.
B. KATSCBINSKI,!
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. |
to Third St.. San Francisco. d
; fl
WE KEEP
ON CUTTING
In another week we tak* *n aoooont
of stock and have cut the prices on all
our broken lines. LADIES' VICI KID i
JULIETS, coin toes and patent leatiwr
tips, reduced to f 1.15. ' f
s^ s^^ — gB!^
LADIES' OXFORD TIES-«m«n slwa
—odd lots-ditfcrent styles—cloth and.
kid tops— turned soles— formerly sold for
i; 00 and $2.50. reduced to «3c. Sizes
3 to *Vu widths AA. A B. r
LADIES' KID SUPPERS— narrow
and broad toes, low heels and high
heels, reduced to SSe. We haw every
size In some styles, but not every slz*
In every style. ' (
"W» do not amarante* to mi country
orders.. - ' 2 .'.''.'
NOTICE— Tills stare doses at I p. m.
on week days and 11 p. m. on Satur-
day, and will continue to close at thoee
hoors. PROVIDED ATX, OTHER SHOE
STORES WILL DO THE SAME. £
PHlLADELPHiTsHOEOO.
10 THIRD ST., San Francisco.
® '".•¦' '" ._ " ¦ v - -;. ¦ , ¦• ¦ ¦ •• ¦ ' , . • . . 'j?
9 You're bilious, got a cold, you have a throbbing sensation .in vbu££headi^ 9
9 eyes burn, your skin is yellow v/ith dark rings under your" eyes,' ybur4ips.are'."parGhed and you- feel ugly^and - ®
@ mean, as if you wanted to kick a lame infant or "kill -a 1 canary-bird.- Your "iys^emis full of bile notprqperiy 9
© passed off, and what you need is a cleaning up inside. . Don't continue being a 'bilious nuisance to yourself 9
9 and those who love youvbut send out at -once for a box of CASCARETS and workoff- the cold while you sleep. O
|J Be sure you get CASCARETS ! , Don!t let them sell; you a fake substitute. V , • S
*22 • .. ' >":' '.' ¦•*» !'»»««"i ' ' -JUtJ lo.i '..OJ* WU Ul» OIU- ilK '•.' ••- * - - .
© ' -f^^^^_JUM-.^^^^^jh>- ? "' bave used yoar valuable CA.S- ;° £ . ' • ' :• - '; : ¦" ©
•1* j£*2idr jtWS&mmK to£tS5V " " 0I CAnKTS and find them'perfect. Couldn't ? r ' . .. . £fa
l» J$t&Jr i^*SK?&5b$» )?*&» •*»** do without them. I have used them for capv. ' ' • ' . ' ' %0
©JS&Sar &S3BB&6£e3kBl WM&C& M's some time for indigestion and biliousness -.IL.- ' £%
BiZSr KjSBl and am now completely cured. Recommend vvo> , .•¦.•' W&
d i£i£2SJ §3*2* vr Wt&eS •--'•••¦"¦¦¦': '-"'¦'•*" them to every one. Once tried, you' will pa' ' • ."' - '
fSh w¥*»5»Sr %£^a «. • EDW. A. MARX, Albany, N. Y. , / Jk • fi\
ji*V Ut£^» A£C*\ Vw^kPHI n * IMft. Mm KrtM ' WPJ|p*f3 M fNfsn * Mfft B BuOl uff '
% best for bowels and liver. .' %
©'• * IsteHss^ v *Mm^ lOTftn^^ never sold in bulk. ®
© iriH IJUjLlLI ¦.¦..: ljjaukjkjioio $
b»d breath, bad blood, wind o« the »top.och, blinJcd boweli, fool month, CAKET8wtti»W. > »owtt| i OT*«U»inro.bo«io7W
©beadaeke. Indication, plm.ptn, pain* mtUr eatlBB, lUer trouble, sallow eomv • Iml l» r » ll ! ed }, c I'J,*-w 1 * h ?rT Vlii «FAk* L* aZI n.Z\?t??Ht? CitKl'fl^h.oVnfM* A
plexion and dtulicM. Wkcn your bowHs don't move rejrnlarly^yoii are our best **"" ll l« n '? 1 ' W.« i*ISX? l ifc, M i lir l 11 • e . l ii J '^ 8 J!f }HuE. h«^l ifil
49a It liannrwr for tl»e chronic allmenU and lsnz vmn or«n£T,;r«nc that come them at fair, lionejt trial, an p«r ilmple direction!, mart Ifjonremt ¦atlsnrd Kg
©e©©@©©ea©so©o©se©©©»©«©9©«»©®ffioo«»©9o««©©0o©©©©©®®©one question, and the description would
be technical and not of general interest.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A SOFT DRINK-43. I*. City. What Is
ceeerallr understood by soft drinks are
brinks that do not contain any spirits.
MINERS' GOLDEN JUBILEE-J. P. O.,
City. The gulden Jubilee of the discovery
of cold 111 California commonly called the
Miners' Golden Jubilee, commenced Janu
ary 24, 1898, and continued until January
29, Inclusive.
SPIRITUOUS BEVERAGE— H. B.. City.
In the strict sense every liquid that is
need for drinking purposes and contains
alcohol Is a spirituous beverage, and as
port win* contains alcohol It comes under
that head.
DISTINCTION-W. B., City. The first
use of "a distinction without a difler
enee" Is credited to Macauley In "Disa
bilities of the Jews," In which appears:
"Tho distinction which is sometimes made
between civil privileges and political pow
er is a distinction without a difference."
TEMPERATURE— A. C. S. Hay wards.
The temperature in New York City ranges
from 100 maximum to IS minimum, and in
London from 89 to 24. In November it is,
lor New York 22 mean' and London 38
mean. These are average figures. 'In dif
ferent years there are different figures for
that month. 'kts<9MMH
JEWELS IN A WATCH-C. O. T.. Glen
wood, Cal. The greatest number of jewels
In a watch Is twenty-one. Any Jeweler
•will explain to you the location of the
Jewels in a watch, and you will then dis
cover why they are odd numbered. To
explain why that is bo would take more
space than this department can devote to
. It is gratifying to .Americans that the pastime of making faces at the dead is not in favor in
this country. The kindly and polite spirit and propriety of. demeanor shown by our people need not
be misunderstood. The general sympathy is like that shown abroad when Lincoln fell." The death
of a- leader of a people, under whatever form of government, is an event which impresses; the
thoughtful world. We do not mingle with it any preference for, British institutions, nor hold it
as abating our fondness for our own. The Americans are a people of good heart ja.nd good mari
ners and good feeling, tolerant of other political institutions, but devoted to their own. In this
spirit the American press has; uttered the sentiments of the people., We have no grudges to nurse,
no ill will to Express, no unkindly feeling to be voiced. '..-.;• [j ; * *•
But the Queen was in no way responsible, for the comments of the London press, nor the
course it proposed to the English people, and retaliation upon her personality was without
excuse. ••-. . -' '¦'.•.
It would be regarded with .wonder .in this country if any foreign people retaliated upon
President McKinley for editorials in the press of New York or San Francisco.
That the French Government is unaffected by the- attitude 'of .the Paris press is shQwn by
the promptness of the President and Cabinet in the tender of official condolence.
As the Government "has done its manners," it is probable that but little attention will.be
paid to the discourtesies of the press.; r
It is probable that we must look more to commercial: rivalry than to political sentiment
for the cause of French feeling. There was great resentment in France when some London jour
nals proposed to snub the Paris Exposition on account of the .Dreyfus' affair. That resentment
was natural, whether wise or not. -The Dreyfus affair was a peculiarly domestic concern of France,
and was no more to be made the cause of international retaliation than the Maybrick triaj. or any
other enforcement ,of English law. . .-.*•".
St. Helena should have been forgotten in the incidents of the second empire.
It is somewhat. difficult to account for the recent anti-British feeling in France. The mem
ory of Malplaquet and Blenheim and the newer twinge of Waterloo ought to have been forgotten
in the later attitude of England toward certain representatives of the, French people..
Louis Napoleon found an asylum jn England after his Strasbourg fiasco, and again, when
the fabric of empire crumbled at Sedan, he and his family had a royal refuge at Chiselhurst and re
ceived every attention from the Queen. When the exiled Emperor died on British soil,, no kinder
pillow. could have been found for his last sleep. ; . ' . . "..
, j • - ...-¦..•..-¦¦ ¦ . - . -
WITH few exceptions the Paris press has been very rabid and radical in its open and covert
attacks upon the late Queen of England while she was dying, arid after she was dead.
Of course it is the height of folly for any one to consider the death, from natural
causes, of a person past four score as. a special Judgment for errors in government policy. [Yet
the Paris press has been capable of just that folly.
THE PARIS PRESS.
PERSONAL MENTION.
E. T. Maxwell, a Bakersfleld oil man. Is
at the Grand.
Senator T. H. Selvage of Sacramento Is
at the Grand.-
J. A. Hull of the United States army Is
at the Palace. •
Judge John F. Davis and wife of Jack
son are at the Palace.
Deputy Sheriff W. M. Spencer of Selma
Is registered at the LJck.
P. F. "Wood of Tulare. a stockman and
land owner, Is registered at the Grand.
J. Ctiamplon, a Phoenix mining man. Is
among yesterday's arrivals at the Grand.
Lieutenant and Mrs. M. ¦ L. Crlmmins
have taken apartments at tha Palace for
a few days.
H. R. Gregory, a prominent railroad
man of St. Louis, Is spending a few days
at the Occidental.
President E. P. Rlpley of the Santa Fe
will arrive In this city to-night. A num
ber of other Santa Fe officials will accom
pany him. including J. M. Barr, vice pres
ident, and A. S. * Wells, acting? general
manager. i K < '-.• '
A CHANCE TO SMILE
"Darling." said she, "do yon lov« xne as
much as ever?"
"Yes, dearie," raid he, with his nom
buried In his newspaper.
That ought to have satisfied her, bat shs
had to ask, "Why?"
"Oh, I dunno. Habit. I suppose.**— Tto.
Bits.
Hetty — Looking over the tfJctlonary
again? Evidently you find It Intensely ln
teresting.
Bertha— No, not lnteresttcjr. bot arms-
Ing. It spells worda *o different from tha
way I spell them, you kaow. — Bostoa
Transcript.
The beggar had approached the social
reformer. "Why don't you. ge> to workT*
asked the social reformer.
"I never thought of that," exclaimed th*
beggar. . i
The next evening' the social reformer fie-!
livered a lecture on "Simple Advtca to tha
Poor."— Philadelphia Record.
TVItherby— Now, my fiear, I shall b«
"Clara, dear, we're been careful •© far,,
and I don't think they suspect 'w* a-r»
just married. You must scold, m* a, llttl*
now as wo get oft the train."
(Sharlply and In a hl?h-pltched volcaV
"George, darling, when we pet to the hotet
you must certainly toko off that absurd
lavender necktie." — Minneapolis Tribunes
perfectly candid with you. I am rotn*
down to the club to-night to play poker
and have a high old time.
Mrs. Witherby— That's Just like a man!
You might at least have led mo to su jposa
you were Innocent— Brooklyn Ufa.
CAIJTOBNIANS . IN 2TEOT YOBK.
. NEW YORK. Jan. 26.— The following
Callfornians are In New Torlc: From San
Francisco— H. .Conn, at the Herald
Square;. J. E. Hansen, at the Hoffman;
B. W. Llnforth, at the Imperial; C. G.
aionhequest. at the Hoffman:' A. Zuker
man, at the Imperial; R. D. I>avl3, at tho
Herald Square; J. O. Harrion, at the
Imperial; L. B. Block, at tha Herald
Square!
From Los Angeles— J. M. Neeland, at
the Murray Hill; L. 8. Read, at th© St.
Nicholas. d'/.'j ¦',' ". :^fj "•¦
From San Jose— Mrs. E. Carson, Miss
Mahony, at the Park Avenue.
He has made an issue that cannot be ignored, nor put down. It must be met, and pocket
picking must not be introduced into this city by official action or the Mayor's- favor. ' Enough
hearts have ached, enough /youth, have gone wrong, enough tables have lacked food and hearths
have. lacked fire, by that pocket-picking which the Mayor favors. It must be no more;
When this is put alongside of his denunciatidn of this public gambling, in which he in
dulged a year ago, it is plain that this city must protect its morality without the help of the
Mayor, who favors the crowd that he declares rs "engaged in pocket-picking." His attitude pre
cipitates a crisis. His belief that the people of this city need track gambling "simply as a dissi
pation'.'is not shared by the business men and decent, folk of San Francisco. These must not
sleep on their rights. These declarations of the Mayor must be met by an aroused public opinion.
The people must mount guard and stay tinder arms until the Mayor's purpose to introduce
pocket-picking as a dissipation has been defeated and forever, overthrown.
in the three countie
He declares that picking pockets by the gamblers is so good a thing that it should
be passed 'around, and envies Oakland, where it is permitted! Why not declare for an open sea
son for murder or any ether form of crime as well as pocket-picking? Again' he declared in the
same interview that he favored track gambling for an equal number of days in San Francisco,
Oakland and San Mateo, saying: "This would give the gamblers an equal number of days in each
city and an equal opportunity to pick the pockets of the same public, for the public is the same
"I do not believe that we should give the gamblers of Oakland an opportunity for, an ex
clusive privilege to pick pockets simply because we have a moral crusade on in this city. I believe
we ought to permit this racing season of thirty days simply as a dissipation for our people. I
would therefore approve an ordinance for a limited racing season." ¦ ¦ .
His language is so at war with everything that is expected of a man in his position, that to
have uttered it is to forfeit the respect of all decent men and women. Ponder for a moment this
language from the- Mayor of San Francisco :
In view of the horrors' it has caused, the hearts it has broken, the lives it has ruined, the in
nocence it has transformed into guilt, ¦ we 'know of nothing more disquieting, more disgraceful to
this city and its people. than the declaration made by Mayor Phelan. If he had lived in Babylon
when the annual tribute of maidens was exacted, or in the Rome of Nero, or in the Paris of Louis
XIV, he could not have shown a heart more callous to all moral considerations than' he exhibits
in his advocacy of an open season for vice in this city.
Business men, social organizations, the pulpit and the press have joined in exposure of the
evil and deprecation of its existence. Judges from the bench have delivered homilies against it,
as they have passed the judgment of the .law upon moral wrecks that have, lost character and lib
erty as a result of its seductions'. It has been the fecund parent of every crime, from taking away
virtue to taking away life. No one pretends to defend it on any .ground that deserves respect.
The people fear it as they do the physical pestilence that walketh in darkness. ' They have a right
to the sympathy and the effort of public officers, their servants, in it's suppression, as they have a
right to the effort of the same officers in curbino/an epidemic, keeping public order and protecting
life and property. Indeed, they have a higher right to such sen-ice against this sodden and repul
sive parent of sin. Epidemics end life, and fires lay property waste; and thieves break through and
steal, but the injury and sorrow of these are without stain and without disgrace. The gambling on
the track takes life and property, 1 and smuts their loss with turpitude, disgrace and degradation.
NO LOCAL question has more greatly affected the reputation of California, to its injury, than
track gambling. Perhaps, no city in the Union has suffered more severely from this form
of. vice than San Francisco. Its victims have been found in both sexes and. in every class
and kind of society. Employers have been robbed of their money, mothers of their hope,
children of their bread and many of their lives by this; appalling vice. ,
THE- MAYOR'S MORALITY.
"El Gran Galeoto" is a powerful and
tragic indictment of that tendency to
gossip and slander, whose humorous side
has been satirized by Moliero In "Le
Misanthrope." by Congreve In "The Way
of the World" and by Sheridan in "The
School for Scandal." This tendency is
one of the most primitive, the most deep
ly rooted and the mos^t detestable vices to
which humanity is heir; as such it is rec
ognized and as such it is prayed against
hebdomadally by' millions. -who, in the
eloquent words of "The Litany," do be
seech the Lord to deliver them "from all
blindness of heart; from pride, vainglory
and hypocrisy; from. envy, hatred and
malice and all uncharitableness." . A
most excellent, a most necessary, a most
salutary prayer-r-a prayer, moreover,
toward the fulfillment of which the ade
quate representation of such a play as "El
Gran Galeoto" can contribute much. For
in "The Litany" we do but pray for de-
These somewhat pessimistic .reflections
are induced by my having read this week
two remarkable plays by the Spanish
poet, Echegaray, and by my realizing how
Impossible it would be to get these plays
produced in any regular theater in .the
United States to-daj*. One of them, I
believe, did, last winter, get a matinee
production by the Independent Theater
Society of New York, but that Is the last
that has ever been heard of it. Yet the
last act of this play— "El Gran Galeoto"
(the Great Go-Between)- is characterized
by a profound psychology and contains a
situation such as only a dramatic poet of
high rank could have conceived.
Several year3 ago an actor well known
In California left the stage for politics,
where he has since achle\#d honorable
distinction. When' abandoning the one
profession for the other, he said to
an actor friend (who now wishes he had
done the same): "I leave the stage be
caOse it Is getting worse and worse every
day." Is this, true? The gentleman has
tried both occupations: he ought to know.
So long- as present conditions continue
not only shall we fail to produce a flour
ishing, dramatic literature of our own.
hut we shall not even know the best that
Is a-going in foreign literatures. How
many readers of this article, for Instance,
have ever had an opportunity of seeing in
English a play of Augler's? Yet "Le Gen
dre de M. Polrier" is confessedly the best
comedy of the century. .How many peo
ple know anything of Dumas' flls, except
the hectic "La Dame aux Camelias," his
earliest and In some respects his worst
play? If he ever wrote anything worse
than "La Dame aux Camelias" It was
"I/Ami des Femmes." and this, .of all
his works, was the particular one picked
out for John Drew ("The Squire of
Dames"). Why? Because Charles Wynd
ham had been, ill advised enough to think
he paw In it a star part for himself. Could
slavish Imitation be carried further than
this? Is it not enough to make you tear
your hair in despair at the apparent hope
lossness of the hope that we shall ever be
delivered from the Philistines?
w T would take a long article to enum
1 erate all the inconveniences and dls
3 abilities under which we Americans
1 -Buffer from having abandoned the
j control of dramatic art- to a set of
Broadway speculators, who gamble
in plays, exactly as they would in
stocks, potatoes ', or wool. We have be
come so accustomed to all that is cheap,
common and vulgar that it is only when
somebody comes along like Mrs. Fiske,
with brains, taste and independence— it is
only then we. realize how much original
ity is worth and what slaves we have
been to a pinchbeck oligarchy whose
Ideals of art find their first and last ex
pre.ssion In an. attempt to. "corner" the
theatrical market.
I hope It is not too lata to put In a
plea to Mrs. Flske.for a more extensive
repertoire than what she at present prom
ises. As a matter of personal feeling I
should be only too glad if she would
shelve altogether ths horrible tragedy oi
"Tess," from the representation of which,
I cannot Imagine any one deriving pleas
ure, profit or Instruction. The book itself
contains (with much that is squalid and
disgusting) some subtle character study
and some far-reaching speculations on
questions of heredity: but these thing3
cannot be represented dramatically and
in. these lla all that "Tess" contains of
pleasure and profit. The only instruction
that can be drawn from tho play la that
Angel Claire, was a fnoi and that Mm.
Flske.can do a BUI Sykes murder scc::>
in highly realistic style. Both of these
facts I am more than willing to believe
by faith rather than by sight-
Mrs. Flske Is an admirable comedienne;
let us have "Dlvorcons." Or, If she will
do the tragic, pray let her give us a play
(hat 19 really a play, and not merely a
succession of scenes from novels. Magda
Is one of Mrs. Flske's roles; that would
be Interesting and novel, for It has never
been really played in San Francisco. It
has simply been played at by Modjeska
and by Nance O'Neill In a manner to
make angels weep.
The combln&tlon of the mathematical
with the poetical faculty, such as wo «"«*«
In Echegary. Is extremely rar*; The
only other instances I can think of in lit
erary history are those of Pascal, and
Gray, the author of the "Tralte des Sec
tions Conlquea," was certainly a poet,
and the author of the "Klegy Written in
a Country Churchyard" had som« reputa
tion as a mathematician. But Echegaray
stands absolutely alone. I • think, as a
mathematician gifted with tha peculiar
and very rare instinct of the dramatic
poet— a species, as it were, under ths
genus Poet.
• • •
when we look at the play, we behold in
the concrete the terrible consequences of
evil-speaking, lying and slandering: wa
are forced (aa If aid in the quotation from
Damas last week) to look within ourselves
and our moral nature Is stirred to its very
depths.
To all students of Spanish literature th©
names of Eohegaray and hi3 numerous
plays must be familiar. To those who
may wish to make acquaintance with him
in Ensllsh I would say that there 13 a
good translation of his fine tragedy "Ma
riana," published tn Boston in 1S95; ab»o
that Miss Hannah Lynch has a brief bi
ography of the poet prefixed to her trans
lations-of "The Great Galeoto" and "Folly
or Saintllness" (London. 1SD5>. From
this biography we learn that Echegaray
was born In 1S02. He la a graduate of »he
University of Murcia and 13 by profes
sion a civil engineer. For some years
he was professor of theoretical and ap
plied mathematics at the School cf Engi
neers in Madrid, and. after the revolution
of '68 was appointed Director of Public
Works ami Minister of Commerce. In
1S72, on the proclamation of the republic,
he was forced out of politics, retired to
Paris and betook himself to play writing.
Recalled to Spain in 1S74. he was again
nominated for the Ministry and accepted,
but the immense success of "El Gran
Galeoto" (first presented on tho 19th of
March, 1S81) seem a to have determined
him definitely to abandon politics for play
writing. He Is now credited with the au
thorship of more than fifty plays, half a
dozen of which (among them tha three
I have mentioned) havo attained a Euro
pean reputation.
liverance from things abstract and too
often the desire that prompt* the" prayer
is cooled "with the breath that utters It;
ful firmament Is the "highest phasing" of
the Wagnerian art? I confess myself
'rphased"; also,* is It worth the price?
• • ¦ •
One familiar with the work of Mr. Howe
as conductor since his advent into Cali
fornia Is at a Ios3 to know which most to"
admire: his absolute irrepreFsibility in
face of the failure of one musical venture
after another— philharmonic societies,
oratorio societies, conservatories and the.
rest of it; or the perennial faith of the pub,
lie which greets with grave face each new
venture of the man who would be conduc
tor. With the careless good-nature com
mon to musicians, a number of the most
prominent among them have given their
countenance to this latest absurdity,
each one of whom knows individu
ally that the exposition of the gospel of
Wagner according to Mr. Howe must be
a bathetic jest, a stupid paradox, a fatu
ous Irreverence. Perhaps the attitude of
these musicians is the more comfortable
one, as they are ful'ly aware of the in
evitable fate of the "Wagner Society" be
fore Its inception, but in the meantime the
cause of good music suffers, time, temper
and money are lost by credulous Students,
the public taste is impaired and Wagner
and the other fortunate dead among the
"executed" composers turn helplessly in
their graves.
• • •
Mr. Howe possesses some small knowl
edge of the ethics of the conductor's art.
of the notes 'of the scores, but lie lacks
entirely the first essentials of good lead
ership—temperament, inspiration, mag
netism, authority. Such being the case,
as has been proved over arid over;-_again
to weariness, there "societies" become
more than a jest; they are an imposition.
• ? •
The Schumann D minor piano trio, the
Mendelssohn "Canzcnetta" and Bach
"Aria " for strings, and Tschalkowsky's
"Souvenir de Florence." were the features
of the sixth and last concert of the
Minettl Quartet series.
The club was assisted by Otto Bendix,
C. Fuhrer and William Wertsch.
Mr. Bendix is nothing if not various.
He bore an admirable part in the Schu
mann trio, which came as a complete-sur
prise after his work at the last concert.
It was discreet, charmingly colored and
balanced, and in happy accord with the
spirit of the composer. The whole trio
was most enjoyable! The lovely Tschai
kowsky sextet .was given with a more cer
tain touch and familiar handling than on
its first hearing, but the' intonation was
by no means faultless. The thistledown
elegance of the Mendelssohn number and
the broad, grave movement of the Bach —
a happy contrast— were both given with
happy efTPfct. The series of concerts will
probably be resumed next season, as lov
ers of the strings will be glad to hear.
• • *
An unusually large audience enjoyed
the good programme of the Ethical Insti
tute concert, given on Thursday evening
last at Metropolitan Temple, under the
direction of Professor Herman Genss. • It
Is understood that a series of concerts un
der the same auspices will be held month
ly, and If the • further programmes are
equal in interest to the initial effort of the
Twentieth Century Club in this direction
the patronage will be deservedly large.
The programme was an unusual and
ambitious affair, containing the "Lohen
grin Tale" of Wagner, the "Radames and
Amneris" duet from "Aida," "Tannhau
ser March," Wagner-Liszt; "Hungarian
Dances" of Brahms-Joachim. '• another
Liszt and Hayden, Rover and Laub num
bers. Miss Bruntsch, w_ho possesses 'a
pleasing contralto voice, with lower tonea
of line quality, and a good dramatic in
stinct, gave the "Mignon" song of Lizst
with much grace of rendering, and with
Mr. Barrangon gave the "Aida".duet. Mr.
Barrang'on's principal number, laudly re
demanded, was the "Lohengrin's Tale."
The Elnger has a robust virile tenor, of
the true Wagnerian build, and as yet only
a hint and promise of what with further
cultivation it may become in the future.
Mr. Barrangon is evidently possessed of.
any amount of temperament, and his
voice and method, with added smoothness,
fineness and control, will doubtless be
heard from in no unworthy fashion.
Mr. Weiss' work is almost too well
known to need comment, and in the "-Cap
rice Hongroise" he was at his admirable
best. Harry Samuels played the Laub
"Polonaise" and the Brahms-Joachim
"Hungarian Dances" in effective fashion;
and the accompaniments were in the ca
pable hands of Professor Genss, who also
gave a clever bravura rendering of the
lv!pzt arrangement of the "Tannhauser"
inarch, which was enthusiastically . en
cored. ' .
• • •
The programme for Dr. Stewart's half
hour orcan recital at the close of the
afternoon service at Trinity Church to
day will be:
FreJude and Fugru«, In C minor. ...Mendelssohn
"In tha Morning" (Peer Gynt)... Grl*>g
Traumerel Hubay
Marc he des Hols Magis.. i Dubois
• • • •
A "Gran Concerto" at Sala dl Washing
ton Scuare for the benefit of .the Italian
Free School Is announced for this even-
Ing. Miss Xlce Barbareschi and. Signor
Castellano. former members of the Tivoll
and late Azzall grand opera companies,
will sing during the evening.
The farewell concert of Miss Alma. Berg
lund will be given on .Tuesday evening
next at Sherman-Clay Hall. Miss Berg
lund will be assisted by Mrs. J. E. Birm
ingham and Dr. H. J. Stewart, and an In
teresting programme is .prpmlsed.
• • •
The next notable 'foreign attraction will
be the Henschel recitals, which begin on
February 5. There has been a most en
couraging support so far accorded these
excellent artists.
I HAVE this week, received a circular \
concerning a projected "Wagner So
ciety" of San Francisco, which Is
distinctly unique alter Its fashion and
to which only the Justice of free
quotation Is adequate. The object of
the 6oclety Is thug stated:
**To thoroughly study and present to th*
public the works of modern masters, es
pecially the works of Richard Wagner.
Tnere will be taken up works of Saint
Saens, Massenet, Tschalkowskl. Svend
een. GreSg. Glinka, Cut. JUmski-Korsa
koff and modern Ensilsh and American
composers.
"To study these -xorks theoretically,
practically and artistically, by absorbing
through the medium of lectures, essays
end discussions, in conjunction with con
certs, employing soloists, chorus and or
chestra. The concerts and lectures will,
with a few exceptions, be siven in tha
evening.
"Admission to any exercise of the Wac
rer Society Is not confined to citizens but
Is open to persons of other cities who ar?
able to attend regularly. These lectures,
combined with the rehearsals and con--
certs, form the most unlaue musical m- !
Ftitution of its kind and is strictly up tc
date.
"In this day the study of Bach. Han
sel. Beethov.en and Wagner is not con- j
fired to musicians; for men and women of i
the period feel it a necessity to under
stand the principles of Wagnerian art.
conprehending as it does, ethics, esthet
ics and philosophy." :
Concerning- this quaint extract from the |
naive effusion, the following- considers/- \
tions are respectfully thrust upon the j
"literary and art division" of the society: j
nrst— It is unusual to split the infinitive. (
as in "to thoroughly study." Second— It <
Is usual to make the verb agree with its j
Fovcrnlngr noun in number, therefore the i
sentence, "These lectures • • • is j
ttrictly up-to-date.** cannot be paid to
conform to good usage. It is unlikely that
«»ven the hungriest Wajmerian enthusiast
would consent to the wholesale cannibal
ism !mclled In the sentence. "To
study these works practically, theoretical
ly and artistically, by absorbing • • • j
soloists, chorus and orchestra." (!) There j
ere others, as he who runs may read, but j
Jet us not linger too long amid the initial J
delights of the circular, for there is fur- i
ther entertainment in its ingenuous pages.
• • •
The personnel of the proposed society Is
¦announced as follows:
"Orchestral and choral divisions—Presi
dent and conductor, James Hamilton
How*: concert mastpr, William F. Zech:
eccompanlste. Miss Mabel Gordon; secre
tary. Mis-s M. Jane Little: treasurer,
Charles O. Perry: librarian. Abner S.
Wester; assistant secretary. Claus B. Pe
terson: assistant treasurer, Walter It.
Kneiss.
"Voice committee— W. B. Anthony. W.
R. Kneiss and the conductor.
"Advisory committee— Frederick Zech.
Dr. Franklin Palmer. Mrs. Marriner-
Campbell. Robert Tolmie.
"Literary and art division— President.
James Hamilton Howe: chairman and lec
turer. Mrs. Mary Fairweather; secretary
ar.d treasurer. Claus B. Peterson."
Of the president and conductor the cir
cular gives the following artless biog
raphy, which epeaks for itself:
."The president and -conductor, who has
planned and worked out every detail for
tht> organization, of the Wagner Society,
was et an early age a student in the Bos
ton University, College of Music, in con
ducting under Carl Zerrahn (the veteran
oratorio conductor of Boston, for many
years "conductor of the Harvard Associa
tion symphony concerts and for over
thirty years conductor of the Boston
Handel and Haydn Oratorio Society).
Later be was a student of Georg Hen
echel's methods while Mr. Henschel was
conductor of the Boston Symphony Or
chestra, receiving- also a pass to the pri
vate rehearsals as an aid to his studies.
"Still later William Gerieke"s method,
was closely followed and that of Arthur
Kickish. both conductors of the Boston
Bymphony Orchestra. But the greatest
pleasure of all experienced by Mr. Howe
was while with Anton Seidl (who was for
a long time assistant of Richard Wagner
et Bayreuth, also making for him the
flirt copy of the score of the Nibelungen
tetrology) for seventy concerts and noting
carefully his Interpretation of Wegner's
works and .other modern creations, be
sides having access to his valuable library
of expensive scores.
"Since completing these studies -Mr.
Howe has directed many oratorio socie
ties and orchestras, one chorus being of
600 gingers and another of 1600, and now
enters upon this new work full of enthu
siasm. All he asks Is loyal support, that
he may be enabled to carry out his ideas
• nd give the people the best music In an
acceptable manner."
• . . i
One phase of the "loyal support" so
licited by the society is that of patients
who may present themselves for "private
Instruction" In how to become Wagnerized
In twenty weeks, at the following rates:
"Private Instruction— Initiatory (ten
weeks* course): Strictly private instruc
tion of the hlgrhest values. Including mo
tives and all general comprehension.
Terms f200. Required scores supplied
¦without further cost.
"Advanced (ten weeks* course): The
¦whole Wagnerian art in its highest phas
ing, including "cores, vocal and Instru
mental, beginning with 'Flying Dutch
man.' Tannhauser.* 'Meisterslnger* and
the 'Nlbelungen Ring.* Also 'Tristan*
end 'Parsifal.' Terms $200. Scores alone
furnished for $30." 1 : .._
It hath an occult and Ingenious air. that
••strictly private Instruction of the higher
value, including motives and all general
comprehension," but what under heaven
does It mean? And what under the star-
SUNDAY ;Y. ..........'..... . • . V '. ....... • -• • • ...... JANUARY 27, iqoi
- JOHN D; 'SPRECKELS, "Proprietor. ; ; ¦¦'' -
Address All Communications to W.S. LEAKE. Manager. ' .
PUBLICATION OFFICE ..." .. Mnrket and Third, San Francisco
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 27, 1901.
. \ ¦ The superintendent of the City and County Hospital has suggested to the Board of Super
visors that certain reforms in the institution are a -matter of necessity. From what the public
knows of the i hospital it is safe to ; say. that anything that the superintendent will suee-est will be
in the nature of an improvement. .-:-'• \ % ; ; " - > ¦"'¦ ' ~- -• ''- ~'~
A New .York clergyman, interested in municipal reforms, has endeavored; to make a distinc
tion between gpiming and gambling. If he were 'in a position to obtain a few of the records of San
Quentin Prison he would, discover that in what trie words .represent in 'disastrous consequences
there may be a distinction "but no difference. /: : -. ¦ • r ., :-^\ . '
His Highness the Mayor . says that for the people of San Francisco a month of dissipation,
with the incidental diversion ,of having their pockets picked, would be beneficial. Perhaps he does
not realize that in the muniqipal administration, which he represents, we have had more than a
month of dissipation and more attempts upon our pockets than we care to guard: againstl >;.•¦• :.
HULDA- 1. J., City. Hulda was tha
gracious lady of Northern Germany de
scribed in old German legends and tradi
tion. Originally she was the goddess of
marriage. She was • worshiped and in
voked_by maids and wives. To ttio for
mer she sent bridegrooms and to the lat
ter children, great numbers of .whom were
believed to surround B h*r In her favorite
haunts in the depth ot the sea or the
hearts of hills. She was also the pat
roness of agriculture ' and domestic life
with Its manifold employments. --Some
times she was regarded as a celestial bo
ing, and anciently tho people used to say
when the enow fell, "Hulda Is making her
?'. In Southern Germany Berchta was"
a fa lT y t. who ar >swcred to the Hulda of the
north, but after the introduction of Chris
tianity, when pagan deities wer<» repre
sented as demons. Berchta loet her former
c p£racter and became a bogle to frighten
children. ¦ . - .
PUTTING OUT POISON— Subscriber, El
Cajon, San Diego County, Cal. The law'of
California relative to. the setting out of
poison is as follows: "Any person who
willfully administers any poison to an an
imal the property of another or malicious
ly exposes any. poisonous substance -with
the intent that, the same shall be- taken or
swallowed by any such animal is punish
able by Imprisonment in the State prison
not exceeding three years, or in the Coun
ty Jail not exceeding one year, or pay
ment of a fine not exceeding: $500." There
is nothing; in the -law that exempts any
person who "puts out- poison on his own
land after, he has had out notices, and
stray cattle might get it." • ¦•*
18
PROJECTED WAGNER
SOCIETY AND ITS QUAINT
PROSPECTUS.
BT BLANCHE PARTINQTON.
THE SYNDICATE
ECHEGARAY AND MRS.FISKE'S
BY L. DU FONT STLE.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tivoli— "Tha Fencing- Master."
Central- Theater— "Darkest RusBi«.~
California— "Becky Sharp." Monday nlxht.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "The Moth and th«
Flame." ,.'-. t : .
Albambra— "Shooting the Chutes."
Altazar— "Sweet Lavender."
Columbia— ""Way Down East."
Olympla. corner Mason and Kddy streets—
Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every
afternoon and evening.
Fischer' s — Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple— Lecture by Rev. Peter
C. Yorke, Thursday evening, February 7.*;*- .
Metropolitan Temple— Henschel Recitals.
IJnlon Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
Tanforan Park — Races to-morrow.
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound, In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building.*
Special information, supplied, dally to
business ' hou3es and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. • •
New" Santa Fe Train.
The new Santa Fe- train known Vs. the Cali-
fornia Limited affords service very much «uj>e-
Tlor:to anything-' ever ; before offered to Coast
travelers. '.'-. ,' .. . .• ,
Gas Consumers' Association. S44 Post «t.; r»-
daoea ku bills from 20 to 40 per cent. Gma'aoJ
electric meters tested.' Electrical department.
All kinds of electric work promptly attended to. •
"Klngsland Art Colors," for wood, leathi.
er and photos. At ail the large stores. •
Best eyeglasses, specs, 15c to 40o." Look
out tor 81 4th, front of barber and $ rocery."
A RACE
ACROSS THE
CONTINENT
Two Freight Trains Started
at the Same Time.
¦ . ¦
One From Grand Eapids, tha Other
From Chicago.
On January the 13th a freight train
started from Chlcafeo and one from
Grand Rapids to the Pacific Coast. Tho
one from Chicago made the quickest time
ever known." It took Just nine days to
land in this city. The one from Grand
Rapids came two days later, which, how-
ever. Is a record. time. Two carloads oi
furniture came with the Chicago tram,
containing fine dressing tables, birdseyf*
maple' and mahogany bedroom suits,
chiffoniers. Tha maple suits are the J73
Wnd. to be sold at *45 at the Pattosien
Company's. jOn the Grand Rapids train
a .carload of carpets came Just in time for
the Pattosien Company, as their 3tock
had run rather low during the great chal-
lenge sale. :Among the carpets are tho
best tapestry JBrussels $1 yard carpets—
they will go at .oc yard— and fcenulne WII-
l ?, n J^ vet ««P«ta. jl'W and $1 25 mak*-
all will go at $1 05 during: the preat chal-
lenge sale at the Pattosien Company-s.
corner Sixteenth and Mission streets.
PATTOSIEN'S.50c a pair for you to take home. At the
bankrupt shoe sale 1500 pairs will "be of
fered for sale. This lot consists of ladies'
shoes and ties worth $2 B0 every pair of
them. To-morrow only 60c a pair at the
bankrupt shoe sale of the California Shoe
Co., 1508 Market St., near City Hall ave.
Frank W. Pipher, Receiver. >' •
Boots and Shots.
"Vice President Morton and B. P. Cheney,
the latter beinr one of th© heaviest hold
ers i of Santa Fe stock and a director In
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 26.— Vice President
Paul ; Morton of the Santa Fe Railroad
left this morning In his private car, for the
north to meet President E. P. Ripley In
San : Francisco. . . . v
chased and Extended East-
Bumor : That the Line Will Be Pur-
SANTA FE MAY GET
THE CUYAMAOA ROAD
of embarkation, -i '-/"-¦-¦
General Funston reports that thirty of
his men near San Isldro yesterday killed
five insurgents. Later the same detach
ment engaged thirty Insurgents under
Taguntori. the notorious leader and, as
sassin. Tasunton was killed while try-
Injr to escape. - :^,:.. .» ,^x~
ILOILO. Island of Panay. Jan. 26.—Up
ward of 5<>,000 Filipinos have nworn alle
giance to the United States in Hollo prov
ince. Thirty surrendered at Santa Bar
bara yesterday.
MANILA, Jan. M.— The Philippine Com
mission has passed the act declaring per
sons in arms against the United States au
thority or aiding or abetting the Insur
rectionists after March next Ineligible
to hold office. A bill has also been en
acted regulating the hours of labor and
leaves Of absence of civil service ap
pointees. The measure require* six hours*
work daily and provides (ree transporta
tion for American employes from San
Francisco.' with half salary from the day
Entrance to the revenue offices, which
occupy an entire side of the second floor
of the Government building, was effected
through an oj>en transom. The robbers
bored through the vault door and tnto
the bar which turns the bolts into place.
Then, by the use of a hammer and chisel,
they broke the bar, which is on the in
side of the door. Afterward they took
the .bricks out at the side of the safe and
easily pried open the vault door.
The authorities claim that they will
have no idea of the value of the stamps
taken until after the concents of the safe
have been invoiced. It is possible that
the amount may reach $1,000,000 or more,
and it U equally possible that it may be
considerably smaller. This district pays
more internal revenue than any other
district in the country. t
Deputy Collector Marshall, who ts In
charge of the department during Collec
tor -Daughe.rty's eerious illness, refuses to
make any estimate whatever. Others con
nected with the department assert that
$H<0 <ioo will eover the Government's loss,
i'hief of Police Flynn says that » from
what his detectives have gathered he con-
Eiders that amount high.
Others besides the Government lost by
the steal. J. E. Tompkins. a deputy
in the department, had mortgages, notes
and bonds to the amount of 54000 and $100
in cash In the vault, all or which was
taken, . as well a« negotiable paper and
cash belonging to other employes of th*
department. Auditor* are expected to
arrive before Monday morning and tho
contents of the safe will then be invoiced.
PEORIA. 111., Jan. 26.-The safe In the
office of the Collector of Internal Rev
enue in this city, which is the headquar
ters of the Fifth Illinois District, was
broken into last night and a large quan
tity of war revenue stamps ¦were taken.'
Secure Revenue Stamps
Worth Thousands of
Dollars.
THIEVES MAKE
A RICH HAUL
After an hour of Bible study, led by Rev.
Mr. Sherman of 'Sacramento, two papers
on'boys' worly were read, one being by
M. C. O'Brien of San Francisco under the
title. "In the Building." and the other 1
by C. K. Pomeroy of Oakland under the
title, "In the Camp." Both papers were
discussed at considerable length. The re
port of the committee on the State report
followed, together with a discussion led
by Rev. Mr. Smith on the work in the
State for 1901. The afternoon session
opened with an hour of Bible study, led
by Rev. Mr. Sherman, followed, by a paper
on "Points to Emphasize," by W. D. Ball
of Los. Angeles. A business session fol
lowed.
A paper- on "The -Jubilee Convention"
and a question box formed part' of the aft
ernoon, session. This evening the Oakland
quartet sang, and there were addresses
by I. E. Harter of Stanford : Unlrersity,
W. P. Greeler of the University of Cali
fornia, Colonel J. B. Rawles, U. 8. A., in
command at the Presidio, and T. J..Suth
erland of the Preeidio. The* convention
will close to-morrow evening.
STOCKTON, Jan. 26.— At the morning
session of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation State Convention the sum of
$1251 was pledged by individuals and asso
ciations for State 'work. Sari Francisco
leading with $.">*». The State committee
asked for $4500 altogether for the coming
year. . •
Proceedings of State Associ
l "ation Convention in
the Mill City. ;
PLEDGE MONEY
FOR Y. M. C. A.
SWEARS ALLEGIANCE
TO THE UNITED STATES
Thousands of Filipinos on Island of Panay
Take the Oath.
WOODLiAND. Jan. 26.— Another irriga
tion meeting was held this afternoon. The
committee appointed at a previous meet-
Ing to confer with the trustees of Moore
ditch reported that the trustees were
willing, at the earliest .practicable time,
to put In a permanent dam, but they were
operating under a trust created by the
will of the ]ate James Moore and could
derive authority to .' perform such work
only by the unanimous consent of the
heirs and order of the court. . No solution
of the problem was reached at the meet-
Ing to-oay. . - " . •¦ .
SPOKANE, Jan. 26.— Twins were born
this morning to Mrs. P. T. Bulger of
Portland, Or., a passenger on the north
bound Oregon Railway and Navigation
train which reached here at 9 a. m. On
arrival here, In response to a telegram
from tha conductor, an ambulance met
the train. Mother and babies were taken
to the Sacred Heart Hospital. They are
doing well, the hospital physicians report.
Mrs. Bulger left Portland lant night en
route to Nelson, B.. C, where her hus
band Js employed as a ship carpenter by
the Canadian Pacilic Railroad Company.
Her niece. Miss Sillcox. accompanied .her.
The first child, a boy, was born at 4 a. m.,
In Oregon. The birth of the daughter,
about an hour later, occurred after the
train had crossed the line into this State.
Tho mother was riding In the first-class
sleeper. Other women, passengers did all
In their power for her comfort and in car
ing for the babes, --i
The mother is strong and healthy and
no ill effects are expected to follow. Both
children .will live. The father had been
apprised of the advent of the twins and
arrived to-night on the train from the
north. The meeting at the hospital was
quite affecting. ,• ••.
. .... » ¦
Problem Unsolved. :
and the Other in tha State of
Washington.
One Comes Into the World In Oregon
TWINS ARE BORN ON . »
/ A PASSENGER TRAIN
searches- San Nicholas was once the
home o'f a race of Indians now extinct.
Thero are many relics of Indian life, with
ruins of homes and their burylng
grounds. Relic* will be obtained for thd
State University. J. P. Lippincott and
Homer Hamlin. engineer and geologist,
are members of the party and will study
the geology of the Island to learn If there
is oil there. _____ - __i___
''the company, have been very- busy dur
ing- their stay here, and during the pa»t
few days there have been rumors afloat
of several Important deals. One of these
rumors involved a deal in connection with
the Cuyamaca and the National City and
Otay roads. Mr. Cheney !« chief owner of
the National City and Qtay road, and It
Is known that all of, the Santa Fe officials
have been very busy around National City
during their stay here. A trip has been
made over the Cuyamaca road and the
property carefully Inspected. ••
The exact nature of the project has not
been officially disclosed, but one report
Is that the Santa Fe will obtain, posses
sion of the Cuyamaca and extend tha lins
eastward. ' ¦ .
GOVERNOR REFUSES
EZTBADITION PAPERS
PTTTRFIKI.D. Mass.. JaJi. K.-Robert S.
FoEsburg was placed under arrest here
to-^ay charged ¦with, raanslaugrter In
caus'.r.g: the death of his sister. Miss May
L. Fosburg, daughter of a prominent But
falo contractor, hare on Octorxr 20 last.
She was shot by a burclar. the family
*aid at the tim«". Tho authorities state
that troy have been unable to find evi
flen<"e that liurjriars rnir-red th<? Fosburs
bou?c r.rd 4t i? beik-ved that the police
havo Tfur-hfA the -:-onclu?li->n that the
shooting -was the rcsuit of a family quar
rel.
Fosturg Was Killed by a
Burglar.
CHANGED WITH CAUSINQ
DEATH OF HIS SISTEB.
Police Disbelieve Etcry That Iffiss
ThrnTjghout their progress to the palace
the bells of the various churches were
rursr. Later their Majesties visited the
tomb of >1«xnnder III. Tn-nlgtit the pal
ace z.r.a the city are splendidly illuminated.
m
Ami.l the cheers of the populace the
Czar 2nd Czarina proceeded to Kazas Ca
thedral, Ti-hfre they were received by the
Metropolitan and energy. Thence they
flr*w« to the Newski Projpect. which was
lined wlih troops, and to the palace. In
front of which students and school chil
dren were proui>e<i.
FT. PETERSBURG, Jan. 26,-The Czar
and Czarina reached St. Petersburg this
evening: Thcfr arrival ¦was made the oc
casKin frr preat public rejoicing. The c^y
vas- r]et orated profusely with flags and
evergreen? and an arch had been erected
ir. front of the railway station, where the
Itowsppr Empress, the Czarewitch. the
Grand Duk^s and Grand Duchesses and
officials greeted their Majesties.
City Profusely Decorated and Arrival
Jlade Occasion for Public
Rejoicing.
CZAR AirD CZABINA
AT ST. PETESSBTJB.G
iTT~?Ct"IK, Tr:cl-. Jan. ?<!. — Juclp* Bundy,
In the Hern* County Circuit Court at
ICewcartle tn-day overruled a motion for a
r.pw trial in. the case of John Diehl. the
rich manufacturer of Akron, charged -with
the rc-?p*iTiPibility for the death of Miss
Mr.ry Farv\:g of Richmond, in Muncie a
jecx aco. und the defendant was scn
tencr^i to fourteen years in Michigan City
prison, iie will be taken to prison. Mon
day. . -
A dozen of the b^Ft laxryers In Eastern
Indiana made a hard ficht to pave the
j-pune rr..in. who has be*>n married since
t::« arrest. After sentence was passed.
1 'iohl declared he was Innocent, charging
that his convirtion wns du© to his being
wealthy, this having enlisted undue sym
pathy for The pirl. She was a domestic
at the Diehl home and died here from a
criminal operation. Another brother.
Frank Diehl, is charged with complicity
in th>» case, as is I>r. Garret .Leech of
Muncie.
WEALTHY MERCHANT
STUST GO TO PRISON
John Diehl for a New
Trial. . "
Jud^e Bandy Overrules the Motion of
ROOSEVELT EASY
MARK FOR FAKERS
Only Authentic Information So Far
Is the Fact That He Arrived
at His Destina
tion.
Stories of Fierce Battles
Are Daily Manufac
tured.
The hand-to-hand struggle story, in
which the brave hunter stabbed two lions
to the heart, -was made out of whole cloth
at Colorado Springs. The narrative about
his being treea by four wolves came from
a Denver correspondent, who was ordered
by a n*-wFpapcr to furnish a daily report
cf terrific adventure. Another story sent
cut represents Roosevelt as crying- over
the death of a hound. This was manufac
tured in Denver.
The only authentic account so. far is the
fact that Mr. Roosevelt arrived at his des •
tinatJon and took the n>M. At his request
nothing further has been paid locally, and
until he emr-nres fmm seclusion there is
r.ot much prospect of gcttir.s accurate in
formation.
His privacv Js resi>Tte<i and when the
truth is told it will appear that there are
fewer 'wild ar.Imals in Colorado than cor
r*Fpoadents rouM have it appear.
Two rvpenrrs tried to go with the
RooFevch party, but were told that they
could not pet accommodations at Coyote
Ranch and It would be no use for them
to accompany the party. •
They remained at Meeker, where they
Industriously prind out all sorts of hor
rible adventures for the Kast. The Colo
rado pap. rs are not publishing any of
rhe?e sturJcf. fearing it would injure their
reputation with the men who are tryir.s
to provide an enjoyable time for the hunt
ers.
Thcr.e reports are furnished djiily, with
all elaboration, but not one Btory is true,
afconiinj? to the manager of the tele
phone line from Meeker to Rifle, the rail
road point where the rir>t telegraph con
nection :» utnained. Jle declares there
ha« not bten'.a. line of report over his
w;rp« from the <iay .Mr. Roosevelt left for
the rajirh. four miles from the telephone
terminus, to th» present day.
DENVER, Jan. 25 —Theodore Roosevelt
is beoomSns a butt of ridicule, owing to
the fertile imaginations of correspondents
In IVnviT, who aro working overtime
griiiciing out romantic tales purporting to
be chronicles of the Governor's adven
turcs-
THE SAN rBANCISCO* CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 27, 1901.
California Limited.
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 28.— Professor
Philip Mills Jones of the State University
will accompany a party of engineers and
geologists who sail from San Pedro next
Monday morning for San Nicholas Isl
and. Blxty miles off the eoaat of Santa
Barbara, to make archaeological re
• *
Archaeological Researches.
ward.
19
Dr. and Mrs. Wright Will Not Be
Rsturned From Illinois .
for Child-Stealing.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 26.— Governor Gage re.
fused the request of Santa Clara County
for extradition papers for Dr.
"and Mrs. John Wright from Illinois on a
charge. of kidnaping.
¦ About a month ago the Wrights took
.their .grandchild, flve-year-old ¦ Marie
Campbell, and went East. to prevent the
father. W.'H. Campbell, obtaining its
possession on an order of court. The child
had been the subject of litigation for sev
eral years. Campbell then swore to com
plaints charging Mr. and Mrs. Wright
with child stealing. They have been lo
cated at Peoria, 111. - .
The. Governor refused extradition on the
advice of the Attorney General on 'the
ground that the proceedings were more
of a civil than a criminal character. -•
CRUSHED BY -AN ELEVATOR.
Horrible " Accident. Occurs -in a San
ViUV^'- . Diego Store.
g AN DIEGO; Jan. 2!?.— W. C. ' Pennoyer.
Aged 30 years, was killed late this after
noon at the retail grocery star© of George
W. Marstoh in an elevator, accident* H<j
waVin charge of the elevator i but had left
It ' In care of his ; assistant 'for & moment
while he went to , the. basement.' As he
passed the elevator machinery he noticed
that oneof. the .wheels near the ceiling
looked dry and needed oiling. He stepped
on the railing around the machinery and
reached up to do the oiling Just as tho
assistant started the elevator. Pennoyer
was caught by the cable and pulled into
the machinery In such, a way that he wsa
almost dismembered. ; He; was alive when
extricated, but lived only ten minutes.
¦ No «tr» char** Is made • for riding on th«
Calif oral* I4mit«d o.f . th« Santa Fe, although
th» fcuparlorlty of the servlca Is really .wortl)
Bomethlnf.more. • •
Any drupgist can furnish the Pyramid
Pile Cure, as it is the best known and
most popular remedy for piles, and if you
ark him he can doubtless refer you to
many people- In your own vicinity, who
have been completely cured by it- •
There Is scarcely a disease more aggra-
vating and obstinate to cure than tins
various forms of piles, and It Is a common
practice to use ointments, salves and
similar preparations containing dangerous
poisons to remove the trouble. The Pyra-
mid has superseded all those Ineffectual
remedies end no one suffering with any
rectal trouble will make any inistako in
Civir.s the Pyramid a trial. -
If in dc.ubt aa to the nature of your
trouble send to the Pyramid Drus: Com-
pany, Marshall. Mich., for a valuable book
on pil^s. describing all forms of the dis«
tase and describing the method of cure.
Mr. William Handschtl of Forty-sixth
Hrect. Cotton Alley. Pittsbur^. Pa., ex-
presses himself as follows regarding the
new remedy for that common aod obsti-
oate disease, riles: "I take pleasure In
¦Uxlng that I was so afflicted with piles
that for throe months I got no regular
slr»rp: I became completely prostrated, the
doctors did me do good; mv brother told
me cf the new remedy for plies, the Pyra-
mid Pile Cure: I purchased of my druggist
three 50-ctnt boxes and they completely
curod me. I sun once more at work and
but for this excellent remedy I would be
on my back. I take j?reat pleasure In
writing thin letter because eo many peo-
cie we sufferers from this trouble, who.
like mysr-lf. did not know where to look
for a permanent, sfa.e reliaDle euro."
Experience viih the Pyramid Pile Cure
for the past three years has demonstrated
to the medical profession as well as to
thousands of sufferers from piles, that lt
Is the safest and most effectual pile cure
ever offored to the public, containing no
cpiates or poisons cf any kind, painless
fend convenient to handle, and being sold
by <3ru?rg1^t» at 50 cents and $1.00 per box,
I? v.iihin the reach of every sufferer. .
Very often two or three boxes have
made' a complete cure of chornic cases
that had not yielded to other remedies
for "yearR.
Be Overcome.
One Cause of Sleeplessness That Can
NO SLEEP FOR THREE MONTHS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DAWFHN. Jan. 17 <v\k Victoria, J«n. J«)._
E. H. Cl^nr'r eutimr-bi:** «rriv»'l at Dtwion
January is, en-i »»r» t''»'"^<1 *n route bftvwn
rmwecn b.tA <lran1 Fork*. Th» cnt<^prlee Is
»r'.< to \* barked hy Rockefeller. »
A Great (g3k §3^-*. JtLB** HiA^^^ B^ — ** — —^ 4£&dL*m^ IL-* FlannefeiiG Sale.
Dress GootSsSneciai A^#|gt Hf WwB&B Half -Fries Monday.
We pkee on special fa 1 e/ 0 -m-»m>u>dM<f Tun- *W^«««W W& SB -^MB^^ BV W - 1#.IWW1#V . «& *&£? B H* A clean-npjpccial nc cf otir fine Printrd Han-
• th's lot represents part of an overstock held . , ' . , • - ¦ " . ¦'.*¦.-'* ~gji 4. J^ ~g
by a ar gc jobbing house and procured b/ our We have closed out the balance of James S. Webster & Sons' stock of high-grade Hosiery and Under- na * *aie*
bu\erat Irs than manufacturer s cost; it is - . . * ,• . .- - ¦ • ¦ , . . a . »* , x 1 - t A sie. — — . . , • •
a very desirable 6b ic for meet and wear for men at 3. big discount from regular wholesale prices, and beginning to-morrow (Monday) and until cia |- /TIN f%^\
°u-e"i B icntfd war* iTe^-e further notice vvilfoffer the m ore than 7 OO dozen pieces at prices which should pack -the Men's -«'«'<* Jl£_S|L
%l!l™.\".™!" e? ™'.^ T .3YC Furnishing Goods Department from morning until night. These goods are new, clean, first. class and in every J™' y^^p
o . — ¦. way desirable. The following letter explains the transaction: . . *** . ¦ Hf *^ Wj W^
35C EntOrOlftenCSp Webster's Jersey Ribbed, Form'-Fitiing Un- 1. .. '••*¦/' ¦:,•< W.bter's Vicuna Merino Underwear— Nice, j""** |v [^^ -J
J4Cm de wear— Made of Good .Sea Island cotton ' /I ' /O^Ti /¦"/? f~/S soJt, icrviceable parments such a3 ars utrn ujl A\w/ \~
• ' . 'n an attractive fhide of b!u-: recnlarlv 50c: /fTs/r S //¦'¦ ¦/V ///''/ // Y)/"^—/ ' J- by the best Sre'te-.s, a nice chrstnut color, ™T / mft»v JTfss / '\*
' offcruTr 6aC Prke> ?e " 6inrCnt '• ' ' 39 ° ( 4/"*** l/f/MfJC/ /fMmeWilJMM fXtra *-S°i ?£>£ B« vi' " W
i^-ML_- -1. Monday and Wd-terV S.Ik Fleecfd Underwesr-Very . v/ J , '¦ ~' sS>' ~i *"//,/' \r $1.1O Stiff • ¦ \)/ Vty^'
,;» •• J v. ., ,", ' >:".< jc Tuesday O? comfortable lor men . \v th sensitive skin, the . . /^<^^//^f7^^J^'fu/-0<'Mf/^<JJf^^'^^.'^ /^^^' Web«er's high-grade Natural Wool Under. a»"d
'1a 4i'*4^ji ? handsome fl ; ecc guaranteed pure si Ic; r.-gularly Jl.«o; Lr • ' Jp' jTj* "' fi£ut*t/ '^ : ' wear Shir's double breasted, drawers extra Fedora Hifj — Our ervirr Cne cf fi.85
ZHa^^f^^r^h^K ncw Em- Mle P""' F er garm-nt 83o " v4larw/hi)t«***J 'aaP*** r/2 " well mad.-; regchily I1-50; sa'e price, prr Hats, which are ex'ra gotxi v.iluej at the tega-
* '*$i$Ftt££fr&fftv}£ broideries— WeHter's fiatura! WnM ii-h,™.» \, a ' ' <??2 <^/%zl*e£ *Jfiite£ garment. ¦ .- ...$1m1O lar pHce, the -. tiff Hats in back, fcrowns and
¦ our ne«- importation for Spring 1901, in ularly «i. 00 5 sal- price oer earm-nt 7 Tn ' -^«,v. =.-.- ' : ¦ ¦ st iped Balbnggin— merceilz^d cotton (the and st.p e styles, lor t*o da>S %J 3 m <TS
2 rsortment of exceedingly F e-.ty pat. \* o, sal. pnee, per E arm=nt..77O _ Ecpontw 4 . Ool4en Rul« Eazaar. <; .- . • .• ,^ f , ikc Uack co \ on _
trrns embroie'ere? made to s -11 jot 2dc, Wcbster s Cemtl S Ha'r Underweir — Net-, ¦ Gentlemen:^ socks with white feet, tan dropped »trch Nf*W Foitlsrii'Sm
= rc a-d 35c p-r yard, on miial m j_ so l fl - ec X wool in a good tan shade, gar- . ¦;.;.. . " forks, fancv wool socles in nice tattern, "" n*am.*M. ¦*.**. ...
ia'e Mondav ard Tueaia? 34fG m ents that will be sure to pleass you; regu- . . . Cjpon tvtXAer eonaileratlon, :anA natural undv d wool K*ks; all rcarked a- the =4-™b r.chfatn finished Fou'ards, ex ra qual-
Dress Linings. WM^M^^M: : .^^s^s 50d £=^1^-^
--^M^-b Black MXc Pompa- M^^^^^^^M^M^^i Webs-er's Men's Mf Ho,e, that were man,-
dour Sk« Ln:ng, the balance of a manu- tilling just enough cotton to keep them from . stack. v ¦ • .^v. V - .. facture 1 to se 1 at z 5 cra;r; fancy Bal- advanc-d shipment .rom our European r. T rt-
TT S , V -^ i %VC • - e { r f h^ nk:r, 5i pmk tan or natural color; regu- Yc{ir B -te«pectfuiiy T - f ' brggan, manly p 3 lka dot in nunv colors; sent ar.ve; among them wiH be found singe
chased at about ha f regu'ar p»ce, m purple, Iar!y J..OO; sale pr,ee, p,r garment. :. 77 O ' t^B te«pectfully. _ -Ml^., . m tural wool 8) cks, seam'e^ and good qua - suit p,.tern, w,ich cannot be duplicate,!; thly
new blue and cer.te str prs, a quality Webster's Olaitonbury Underwear — Thi? . , (I T^A^jLL_/^7 S ' ¦ \i\ camel's hair socks, woven fro-n high- are tor the most part the new cameo effects,
that has r,twten tod lor .ess than zoc a world rrnowne^, |i.2 S high-gradr, natural ' • ' ' /A^^fc/^/MmV »^/ grade wool mixed with, cotton; all now i n ,had<s of reiedi, gobin blue, rose, gray,
>ai:, on s ecial sat Mon'av, per f, wocl underwear at a p.icc never before heard •¦ ¦' . ,f — . marked at the uniform ta'e ESfTtk etc.; exquiste fabrics for strret or theater
¦ " g !^** °t; sale price, per garment 77 O V . . .' . price,.2 pa/f S tcr &mj?<lr dresjes, per yard.. $t.OO and $1.23
JOP^ gW ' • —m ¦¦¦-¦ ¦ !¦¦¦¦¦ i . . , , M , ,,__,„ .,...,.. . i. ¦ ¦ ¦¦ -¦ ' —.—..¦¦ — . i ¦¦¦¦ ¦'¦.¦ ' -¦ -i— .- ;¦ ... .in i . . — ¦ ¦ .. — . —.-..- .i . -i. -' ' ¦ ¦ -.i ¦!-¦¦¦-!. ¦ ¦¦
x StoOB*t Lpt S&i& -, Sale Men's Shoes* Furniture and Carpets.
SUStf*n*Gl ZtWMti J^^a«*r»^ t*B**4l*.' l^^E ElitirC StOCK Of Men's $3.50 LaCC and This is the semi-annual clearing-up time, when prudent buyers save from one-
_ MVBVSMM CD CSBMia B&9jy*& Z*3®ZM 5nga . k "dgS • Oxford ShoCS Offered 011 Monday at $3.15. quarter to one-third on the best k-nds of hom= furnishings. Lines that we
e start on Monday (and to contmue until further notice) an cxt-aord ; nary N^ *^^> Vici Kid Box Calf Patent L-a'her and Tan Willow Calf ¦ arc ' overstocked with, lines that " are broken and incomplete, together with
<Gh /S S§^n $^ C Of " >ro ' cen or sllcr ' ' ots of -fine i^; v,|^^^ ' —th* b-t |: 50 <hoes that "it is p 'A4' <§ Eg quantities of Furniture and Carpets, that were bought on especially advan-
J<jL S^ C;othing for Men and Boys.. These \^Oft\^^X tibk to make— to-morrow only ". i&mSaB® tageous terms, have ben liberally price-cut for this sa!e. Read these items.
/1^^i$1r\ /wii^L m-K ?O ° :S ST: marked t0 c l° sc °ut at once AliO, 150 r.»i« of Men's fine quality Vici Kid Lice See the goods themselves and be convinced that our off.ring3 cannot be
/ i (*JI*riYS Cl^Jrf~==i r^ C\ at P 1 *' 065 - w^ich cannot and Will not be /i^^^^N. Shoes, extension soles, new modern toes, dressy and com- duplicated elsewhere.
( VL r r\ ' *^FF}l I du P !icsted here or elsewhere. fortablt; special Monday only— pa'r 4^O ' '
V/l V W^rriM Lot l-Mcn's Sack Su'its-Made of fine - j ¦"¦•• *• f&iSSP^r^ fc^—^KL_A J^^
Vi'] JO %fak£&<4>\ r fl-^ 01 »- .^ t:ack cheviot, surges, Shcctintj Sale. WashSHks. J^gMfragqfrv-/ '%?^g|S^^ JmimL
r^y/Jl//^ 7U<? (\ Cht-kl'^YZZT n"?K reWCEt f feCtt For Monday only, good Bleached Sh«ting, 54 Another shipment received la t .week of the RT)'"", . .jEErTfTI t j (ftl j(M4h.
fhf MWtty ' inches wide,' Vo'r dngle beds- '' /* new styk. and cainty eo'orings for th= com- \]\f^^W§BtU SgS^^l^ M fcMl
jit WZ& iMT-J I V / 1 1 f 5t *JJ €>BZ per vard 1 2 iC ing reason; will make han some shirt wa.sts \Lji' '^'//TjK. O '¦> -'' -C '-"* l\(Ll-J^j//
(4$ V^ K . <» / / , , JT"; "«W *°"^° For Monday onuVheaVy' Unbleached- Sheeting, and chUdren's crestes; they come in pretty Jf^l ¦ &*% ffl • ' *~ ' -fllfe^^S^/ '
yl }y% I \ i ; / I Lot Z—fiCJVlar 517.50 and 520.00 Suits absolutely free from dre-ting, a splendid qual- shades of blue, pink, ni.es, uns, lavenoer, { \}-\----_ : ¦¦¦- .-. % ( ) ' -f^T'^ &''<±i?$?&\fc
h~1J<y?j7 ' I3 ' 7S — A11 the neW and dc: hy ' 8l bchf8 * ld *' f ° r d ° ubk etc., per yard ...SCO . T=j£ ' ' "']H J^^^>^£jH^S I 4{1
I <f\ \/^ / . r* ndaWe fairies, the choicest. product of the > ard ¦ 17 O §M*xwm» ISIavAC / - • \ \ fj'^5<^je/ Vi^w || *4H<<e<4
I I / best imnufacturers, in th; shade?, pan rns and style m __, __ _ __ IZ^ Z KvWSvw WlOVCa* | ¦- . j^ --mTl". . || f>Str4k. \, *c± TtLtr* rm ~-'-^*L±i
K . to p eM .u^<HUt,e"reKn:ihcrt lot rale price". . $13.75 TOOt ii BrUSHCS 9C. $« 00 Olove»-We are *o.e ag enti for the : l^L^jMM^i^L -£S^t^^&& W*f^&&tj ,
\ Lot 3— Men's Finest Kersty Ovcrcoits— Blue, black We bough, a »mo:e ii ne of fin.-quaiitj- Tooth E . mt . re5S Kid Gcn "' madc vvi I 1 ™ Ixam ', "" * "^ -|ffcf '&^'2&M&
\ Mi brown, lined throughout with the b*t silk, highest prade cf B:u hes-pur; white brisfe stock with pol- *«tch, two patent fasteners and tine em- --'~ -"-{Z.r^ , lL~ Jzfl~Z.
. . jjj • n. • -i 1. 1 V. • u 1 . ¦ ji r l 1 « broid:red backs; hav; j»X openel newest - .-- . - , . • '¦¦'¦MfV. ¦¦< ~ -* -'
I imrorted and domes.ic tabr.es, cut in the sweLest shape, spld rezu- 1'hed bene handles — tome ot th^ hand es , , . . ,, ' , ,. , \ . «^ I I «^.>^ 1 ' U-^" l^^ U^
, f * , t u . 1 . t • " ulc o u 1 , . . , . , fhadu in ox Hoods, tans, browni, modes, . tftp. 13 d x **^ "^
I lar.y at J30.00 and J35.OO; short lot tale -_. _ carved, tome p.ain; net a brush in the lot , , .• . - e \ L , ¦ >/««¦ O /vh
¦ : *° r. i- • Gfl? BBS .1. 1 v .u rt. j pavs, beavers, also whit: and fast black, ,@Jr :w, .
1 price •. %&M %?«O0 worth less than 15c, the most ot them good 5L ' j j . j • -I ~ V - M -I I ' _. . _, . _ , . , . .
• - U 4-Men's All-Woo. P<mts-T«vo »had« of strictly jsc v.:«-. r ch«« Mon^-^a W.?'MM$W§&tOQ T^h'^ 3 g^tfZ'^Ct
all .woo! matemi, ttrmg and serviceable, so'.d regularly at short lot sale f _ Monday only-each .- VU $1.50 OIovcj— Ladies' new Mocha Gloves, in [j n "^ 00^ *] lected ash, gcod cabinet work, excellent finish,
t T£ C "»;"¦.¦ V. V"i " W- A « "• &..%9m9 f*§mSl*tmms**m*^ M#A«»s« the la«»: wine and «teil colored effe.tswth '• - regu.ar f 27.00 value, curing sa^e $22.23
Lot 5 — Boys Rcclcr Coats — Sizes for ages 3 to 8 years, in pretty blue and tan %0nu»9MW"GMM & WTGar. wh;tc p ar - s nt gt j tc hi n g and one ex ra larg: Sideboard— as in cut, fo'.id oak, golden
materia's, with vdvjt collar, pood value at $3.00; short lot ftile price *%*% Colored and white Si k Cap? that were 75c and pearl clasp, very pretty and stylish, pa'r finish, 14x24 French bevel plate A rt*
&M.&9 50c, ipecial at ' . . .• 2So .......... $1.30 . mirror, has large drawer and two •• 5 #
Lot 6 — Boys' Vestee S'jttS Sizes for ages $ to 6 years OTl'y, dark" blue and $ x -*5 and J 1 - 00 Colored Sik Ncrmandy Caps — : « inu I c ns lin=i wlrh jluh, a gtoi ¦ fl it m - t| ' TT
brown woo! cheviott, doubl;-breasted vests and knee pints, worth $3.95; short __ and Bomets, special SOO GrOCGrSCSm vau: at $22.50, tae price f]
lot sale price §2m*&-Q 6o ? M*™*' Cambric Shcrt Sip;, jokes tucked Buttp— Our choice Firkin Butter, as sweet $15*75 ] 1 1 fl
Lot 7 — Boys' VestCC Suits— Sizes 3 to 8 years, handsome all-wool fabrics in a , nd tm^ oiAmd ' embro'dery en neckband and tasty as the Creamery in squares, . B- f— J— ¦ — »HkIZ
blurs and fancy mixtures, pretty iil!c vettJ, embroidered shieidi, reguv whie ~ i*«t, t«» ...*5o en ipecial »le Monday only, _^&£&>^ ' ii
C5.ooandS6.oo; short lot sale rrice. $3.35 F™. Slips neck and cuffs pound d£d£ 2 & /^Sm^^S^^^^K LLJL JJ U
Lot S-Boys' Lcn 3 Pants Svits-Handsome line of ail-wool Tweed, and C as - m Ths tf ," ve.s g ' BOo S"«.r-B«t Dxy Granulated S«g.r,- I8.b» fe^^S^^^^^^^ B^jITZrTZ"^
$6.98 Po^^^*:S;!?
~~^ ~~Z jg^ g ~m special for Mondiy, come early, cut X.0.IQ0 , J i > 1Ogy wt\ ¦»- ¦ ¦ n Ji r* , „ _ j
&fJGGi&83 &2S3G® GO ##*B*l#» M «Mi»«r«#».« O«I« Jam* and Jellies — New lruitr, assorted i-lb . *~~ * I*
B t A A Zm* ¦* A. UnaermUSlin &ate. j arSi 2 j, rj 25O Gondola Couch— n iHustrated, polLhrd ma-
*£aGneW$m OreSSeSa WWatSsSa AoolacetrimrredlawnComb'nattonSkutand Catsup— Golden Rut, legularly ioc a bottle, hogany finuhrd iram-.s, upholstered in .fine En;me!ed Bd— a ipIendU bed for Cttle money,
r .. • . Conct Cover, finest possible, cut to. $2mOO on Monday, a bottles. 25c brccaded vdours or plain ¦ solid color cordu- all tizr», fitted with brass* rod* and trimmingi,
Too many of these garments. Prices have been cut almost . %'¦'. * I>5 ° ? nc .p mbrc Drawers, with tucks and 5etded i^isins— Best qua ity, on . Monday, rcys, deep tutted with buttcm that it is im- game as in cut, regular 17.50 value, during
in half to clear them out in on; day. None after that. jtfPSsk. ' lace insertion and lace edg'ng, cut to. .056 package.... •. IOC . paiiWe to pull out; a regular $25.00 value, tale $5.50
$3.00 Dotted Flannel Waists, $1.69—" i^^^S Cambric Drawers, extra we"] Imade, H i,jh Teas or acoanut Taffies— Fresh ani during sale $17.70 Scotch Axmir.ster Rugs— 9 feet by u feet, «
, / TT Jus: like picture, all-wool Flannel Waist?, ($$!©%/ " inert.cn a d lace edging, cvtto.S1.SU .crisp, per lb ; 14c Ingrains— Brussels weave, strong and curab'e, < 4 o.oo value, during $ole, each. $25.00
A, ±fe$gggte-£* T? T BookSpeclal. . l&oWWcWm l^^^^i^M^S^lk^
row (Monday) only £fc « /E? |CS - JCuZl "Tr mmy and G.-.zel. a sequel to "Sentimental American Club Whiskey— Regular, y S2.50 AH-Wool Ingrains— m re.ry rtrilcing Persian «,. oo j dn ' Ia!t elch £19.50
Wl^'Vvff uVafaSP^V /^« *\Tk. Tcmmv" — publisher's priie *i. 50, - % - % rer cs'lon Mondav ' <?/ Qti and Or:erj:al eltects, regularl/ 75c, during 3 ' ' "
WJ& ''k2sVo'n6$300oTZ™* /^-'^V" 1 on ,pe t u M !e P Monday, P ony*. S .:CSC V^te W ne-AgoSiouni 6#1«i* :..:....'. Z.' .'.50o Smyrna Ro«-$o inche,^ ,0 bchc,
fi£^. flS^AJSL torrf toioS^S; t-X''-' AVA "^^^^^^'^^0^0^^, ¦ M^y, p, U- .......^^O T.P»by Bn,«d.—- better made, strong end., retenble, worth f,. 75 . dunn,«le
Tutor Dresttt, iU the best lti-lM and eo'ott, f" • .* • * .'\\\ % \ edge?, Uustrated by . Ds Grimm, io:d Dublin Stout— McMuUin's White Label, the . 1'ne, ipjendid patterns and colors, during sale, ...................... ......9W.ZB
jC^^\ not many of-each kini, bS ,^ great min T.r | 4 .oo, the Em- he,t money can buy, reguarly $a.,o dozen, -?'?**•• T }' ' ' " " >;' V' ' -.f "£*?. Or.enUI Rug^Jj .mche, by 3 5
i^S^lX ki^i ««»« F»icc I25.00, *f 7 . S o and '. • 1 ... \* A].'] .po.ium's price $2.33 Monday..... &.9O Smith « Axmlniten-^, deep pde^beautihJ ends, new choice design,, worth $3^
/l^^afV^I \ <-n Xn. fn-moJ^- *»«» ' jW\ (V ** C .//. V ' - - ! shades and colorings, handsome borders to during «al»r. $2.25
nod! 1 \ " SJSmOO III'IM B&SPWBiWklEBP fig WkMi Ijf^^^'tf^ IBB IBS fiffi M matCh ' refuhrl - v *'- 10 ' durins u:f > F« Plymouth Art Iquarts— a tp'endld, heary,
I h il Cy'J 59-95— New, finest, this season's fittej \.\\ p/ k! fifl I Lf ' M^^ ¦ *^M^ W WB M a^fl^S serviceable colcrs, 65c, during ?i!e, 10'teet 6 inches'by 9'lVer," w'crth $6.co, darin-
J^J t^b^C/ arc beautifully silk lined and of the very rjk \ SS "J* B ¥ H Body' Brussels— full" 5 "frame," a!l" leading 9 feet by '9 feVt, uorth 55/50, during ta!e.'. ...
<^- I V^-/\ finest making and finish, regularly f 1 5.00, HJ|U flH^I^fl^)» Mm jt^ ¦¦M^?> f^jj Tfa 2+!M+ 9M makes such as Lowell, WhitaU's and other S3.6O
f 20.00 and «25.oo; to- ££#$ rtff *^/ . "L_ _ leading* make:, regularly $ 1. 40, during sile, 7 fee: 6 inches by 9 fee:, worth <s. 00, durinz
3* morroweniy 9&a9O CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE per yid.... .[........;..:... $U17# «fc ...$3.00
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE ¦ EMPORIUM.
TteB ' EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
¦ When you are. tired Of beinsr humbugged and spending Iargs sum* of money
Awith physicians who give no relief you will- at bst. if you desire a cure, be
obliged to use the VITAL RESTORATIVE treatment, which is tl»e only
certain cure for Lost Manhood. Nirrht Emissions and Shrunken Organs.
, Callot write for book, of, special a.ivice, also FREE TRIAL BOTTLE, and
Address DR. COOPER & CO.. 318 Kearny St.President Klncaid of the Boarrl of Edu
cation announced 'yesterday that addi
tional classes will be established in the
Dudley Stone and Jackson Primary
schools on account of the crowded condi
tion of the present existing ones. It has
been found difficult to find suitable quar
ters for the accommodation of the- extra
pupils In the Dudley Stone School and
Director Denman has suggested the use
of two election booths as a temporary ex
pedient. MIbs Smithson, Miss Gambltz
and Miss Sullivan will be assigned to ad
ditional classes at the next meeting of the
board.
More Classes to Be Established.
Particularly when your chance Is bo
great as will be offered to you at the
clothing assignee sale of the Boston. To
morrow I will sell 350 men's suits worth
$20 for only $7 85. These suits are heavy
check worsteds. Oxford grays, cheviots,
fast color navy blue i serges and fancy
tweeds. To-morrow for only $7 85 a suit
at the clothing assignee sale of the Bos
ton. 775 Market St.. near Fourth. P. C
Kelly, Assignee. , •
Patronize Home Industry,
Under previous administrations several
employes were discharged because of this
variety of commercial dishonesty.
"There are between 300 and 350 employes
In the Custom-house, and while I do not
know tnat any are dishonest or unwilling
to pay, I have given the order for the In
formation of all whom it may concern."
"Custom-house employes must proceed
to' pay their just debts or they will be dis
charged from the service." says Port Col
lector Stratton. "Under the law their
wages may not be garnisheed and their
creditors have no guarantee except the
honesty of the debtor* There is no valid
reason, ordinarily, why a Federal official
should not pay his debts. . Of course, if
he lives beyond his means he cannot pay
them, but that Is rot a good excuse.- I
have Issued an order this morning that
unless an employe can show good cause
fpr falling to pay his debts. and that he
is making a tineere and honest effort
to do so he will be discharged.
Deadbeats, If any there be In the cus
toms service, will not be tolerated any
longer.
tory Order to All the Custom-
N House Employes.
Collector Stratton Issues a Peremp-
FEDERAL DEADBEATS
MUST PAY THEIR DEBTS
Mrs. Isabel Wilson, .an octogenarian,
was the victim of a painful accident last
Friday afternoon.. . She had been para
lyzed on one side for the last seven years
and was incapable of helping herself. It
was the custom of two ladies living in
the house witTi her to wheel her in an
invalid's chair In front of the parlor
grate in her residence on Fifteenth, near
Point Lobos "avenue. Shortly after noon
on Friday they wheeled her into her ac
customed place, and -while busied with
.their household duties in another room
were attracted by a noise in the parlor.
They found the o!d lady's clothing In
flames and a pillow cushion also on fire
on the floor.
. Dr. Cleary of 330 Clement . street was
called in Rnd administered the usual rem
edies, but the old lady's physical condition
was" such that she could not rally from
the shock, and she died at 6 o'cloek In the
afternoon. '
Mrs. Wilson had been singularly unfort
unate. Her only dauRhter died about a
year aeo as a result of being kicked by
a*^ horse. The accident prostrated the
daughter for about three months with
spinal complaint, and just as she was
about convalescing she made a misstep
while descending the stairs and dislocated
the injured vertebrae, her death resulting
an hour afterward.
Another victim of- lire reported to the
Coroner yesterday was Mrs. Annie M. MU
lican,,51 years old. of 804 Taylor street.
She had been an invalid for twenty y^ars.
On January 13 she was reading in bed
by candlelight, and was burned about the
le^a by reason 'of • the candle upsetting
while i she was in a. doze. She died from
the shock in St. Luke's Hospital at 4:30
o'clock yesterday.
Before Grate and the Other
While R2a d in g in
Cne Enveloped in Fire While Sitting
Both Invalids and; Unable to
Savt Themselves From
Flames'.
TWO OLD LADIES
BURN TO DEATH
. A 'panic which might - have . involved
many lives was averted by cool heads at
the California Theater last night. . An
usher was trying to extinguish; a refrac
tory incandescent, light, when it exploded
and sent a jagged blue flame into the
darkness of the auditorium. A & well
dressed man in the front -row of the or
chestra cried "Fire!" ; and * the audience
was on its feet in an instant The cool be
havior of the actors, however, and th«' re
assuring voices of the ushers- averted • a
panic. • .. ..„ . .• ¦ .
Panic at California Theater.
Resolved, By the Elizabeth Cady' Stanton
Club. " That we recognize with'.- profoundest
fueling the Irreparable loss the whole -world
suetalns in the-death of the gracious, pur* ui
exalted , woman . and Queen.
The Elizabeth Cady Stanton* Club met
last night and listened to" brief but en
tertaining addresses delivered by Dr.
Anna Harris Barries, Mrs. Clara Foltz
and Dr. J. R. Guelph Normand. The fol
lowing resolution was, adopted ::
\ Whereas,', The world" has paused to' hear th»
ipislr.K of the beloved and. loving Queen Vie-'
toria. whoee r.oble example as wife and mother
has wrought the well being- of the human 'raco
pud made better the destinies of' unborn mil
lions. Therefore be if .':"sieaaj.^»
Kcspect for Queen's Memory.
The names of the arrested 'quintet were
placed on the detinue book, and they will
be held pending an investigation regarding
the presence of the groceries in their
room. ¦: ¦ . ¦ -\-;-..i.
Welsner claims that he had been drink
ing on the. night he was robbed and wsm
brought to a room in the Cosmos House
by three men, who stripped him of his
clothes and took his- watch" and a small
amount of cash. The thieves, said Wels
ner, threatened to Kill him if he informed
the police. • . „
The complaint of Private Welsner.
Third A'rtilleyt located at Fort Baker, that
he had been robbed by three men In the.
Cosmos House, 15 ! Eddy street, on ! the
evening of January 9, led to the finding
of about $500 worth of groceries In tha
room occupied by one of the accused men
at 715 Howard street a few days ago.
Five men have occupied the room at dif
ferent times and they were all arrested
by Officer Winslow. The soldier and the
bedmaker of the house were brought to
the Hall of Justice, but could not Identify
'any of the men. - . & £
SOLDIER'S CHARGE LEADS
TO QUEER DISCOVERY
Room of Accused Man Found to Con
tain Large Quantity of Gro
ceries, Evidently Stolen.
DLONEL GEORGE TV. GRANNISS
// died at his "residence, 2260 Franklin
VV J street - a few minutes after 8
o'clock last evening. Deceased,
who was nearly 76 years of age,
had been In poor health for some time.
Death was due to a complication of dis
eases, culminating In an acute attack of
the crip.
Colonel Granniss was- born In New Ha
ven, Conn., In 1S25, and was educated In
the public schools, later graduating from
the famous Hopkins Academy of Massa
chusetts. At the time when he was fin
ishing his scholastic training the world
was excited by the discoveries of gold *n
California, and- Colonel Gra'nnlss was one
of the many who braved the perils of the
long voyage around Cape Horn to reach
the new El Dorado. In 1850 he arrived at
j the Golden Gate and Joined the rush to
j the mines. He helped to dam the Amer
' lean River at Krasers Bar and endured
many hardships and exciting adventures.
At the close of 1851 Colonel Granniss left
the mines and embarked in business !n
Sacramento, shortly afterward coming to
San Francisco to enter Into- commercial
pursuits. In 1853 he accepted a position
as customs clerk in the Government em
ploy, having experienced many reverses
and successes while a member of the busi
ness community. Colonel Granniss made
many friends while In the service of. the
Government, and his merit was appre
ciated by the well-known firm of Hafleck.
Peachy & Billings, -which made Granniss
their chief clerk on his retiring from the
Customs Department. He established
himself firmly In the estimation of his
I employers and was intrusted with all
I their private affairs, and property inter
| ests on the Pacific Coast.. He remained
with the firm until all its lands were sold
and its business wound up.
Colonel Granniss was a prominent figure
In the National Guard of California. He
rose from the ranks through successive
grades to colonel of the First California
Regiment, being the first commanding
I officer who began his career as a private.
"When he assumed command of the regi
ment It was sadly lacking in uniforms
and arms. Colonel Granniss was most
eager to make* a record for his command,
and It was not long ere the organization
was smartly dressed and well equipped.
Colonel Granniss and his regiment played
an important part in the Kearny riots
in 1876.
He was Identified with . many public
movements and was a warm personal
friend of Major General Halleck, U. S. A.,
who made him executor of his large es
tate. Colonel Granniss w*us administrator
of the Halleck estate for many years and
erected the statue of General Halleck In
Golden Gate Park. - -; •
As the executor of the estate of Major
General Halleck Colonel Granniss became
the possessor of many confidential letters
which General Grant wrote to Halleck.
Among the letters was one descriptive of
the desperate fighting with Lee on the
advance to Richmond, In which Grant de
clared: "I will fight it out on this line
if It takes all summer." When this letter
was read by General Halleck to President
Lincoln the latter said: "Halleck we will
give that to the country." For many
years thereafter the popular impression
existed that the message was a laconic
dispatch from Grant to the adjutant gen
«s ¦« « t .». » t.y..»..t-«..t..t..t_.«A
era!,., but It wan In fact a sentence of a
long letter, unofficial, to Halleck. About
four years ago Colonel Granniss gave the
original letter to th- Government, or sent
it to the Connecticut Historical Society.
The Halleck correspondence also con
tained letters written by Grant Just be
fore the Vicksburg campaign opened.
Inese letters were written at Oxford,
Miss., in November or December, 18G2.
Halleck was informed that Generals Me-
Clernand and Lew -Wallace were poli
ticians and would not be of much service
to the army in the campaign then im
pending. Grant spoke without reservation
In his private letters to General Halleck
and the subsequent publication of the cor
respondence cleared away much doubt as
to Grant's estimate' of his subordinate
officers.
Colonel Granniss made a prolonged visit
to Europe in the "seventies" and often
spoke of the kindness shown to him bv
the Prince of Wales. The colonel present
ed a distinguished military figure and re
ceived from army officers in Europe the
attention due his rank as an officer anl
his attainments as a citizen.
Colonel Granniss ¦ was a well-known
member of the Bohemian Club and passed
many of his leisure hours at that institu
tion. He was an interesting talker and
was fond of relating his experiences in
Sacramento in 1850 when the cholera was
epidemic there. He was a zealous, out
spoken Union man when the danger camo
that California might cast he.r fortunes
with the South. He admired the loyal
stand taken by Thomas Starr King arid in
all public places proclaimed his unswerv
ing devotion to the administration of
President Lincoln.-
Colonel Granniss came of Revolutionary
stock. His father was one of the crew of
the General Armstrong, the famous Amer
ican privateer which fought the British
in the harbor of Fayal in the war of 1812.
That memorable battle of one ship against
a fleet is one of the greatest feats In
American naval history; When resistance
was In vain the ship was scuttled, but the
stars and stripes were not lowered. Some
years ago the King of Portugal returned
to the American Government one of the
guns of the Armstrong which had been
recovered by divers. .
Colonel Granniss was a married man
and had but one child, a daughter, who is
married to a prominent merchant In the
Orient.
THE LATE COLONEL GEORGE W. GRANNISS, WHOSE LIFE IS CLOSE
LY INTERWOVEN WITH THAT OF CALIFORNIA AND WHO EN
JOYED THE PERSONAL. FRIENDSHIP OF GENERAL HALLECK.
Gambling and Racetrack Evils to Be
Discussed From Many Pul
pits — Sermons of the
Day.
« t
Owing to the prcat interest which has
been shown by the public in the lectures
now being: given at the First Unitarian
Church it "has been decided to divideaithe
subject of the lecture which was to have
been given this evening, devoting an en
tire evening- to each branch. To-night
Captain Robert curator of .the
Hopkins Institute of Art, will speak on.
"Art" and next Sunday Louis Ldsser -will
deliver a talk on "Music."
" Rev. William Rader. pastor of the Third
Congregational Church, will preach to his
j congregation this morning on "God's
Tribute . to a Well Spent LJfe." In the
evening he will discuss "Queen Victoria,
Her Career and Character." Dr. Rader
will also devote some time to a discussion
j of the racetrack evil and gambling In this
! city. ' -i
Rev. F. Vernon Jones, pastor of Park
Congregational Church, will deliver an
address on "God's Measure of a Man" at
the Young Men's Christian Association,
Mason and Ellis streets, this afternoon at
! 3 o'clock.
Rev, Milton D. Buck, pastor of Trinity
M. E. Church, will preach at. both services
to-day. In the morning his topic will be
"Saving Faith,"and in the evening he will
talk about "Hypocrites."
Rev. A. E. -J.'lrich of the Richmond M.
E. Church win preach this morning on
"The Silence of God," and in the evening
on the "Sorrow of Sin."
Rev. John Stephens, pastor of Simpson
Memorial Church, will preach this morii
ing. In the evening he will talk on "Vic
toria the Good."
During the absence of Rev. S. D.
Hutsinpiller, pastor of the Central M. K.
Church, his pulpit is being suplied by
Rev. 11. F. and Kev. A. H. Briggs. This
morning the former will preach on "The
Beneficent Life," and in the evening the
latter will preach on the "Fundamentals
of Christian Belief— Jesus Christ, the Only
Begotten Son— Our Lord."
• Rev. John A. B. Wilson will preach both
morning and evening at the ' Howard
street M. E. Church. His topic in the
morning will be "The Sin of Sins and Its
Remedy." In the evening he will preach
on 'Saving." As a preluae to his regular
sermon the pastor will devote some time
to a discussion of the racetrack and the
gambling evil?.
Rev. A. C. Bane, pastor of the Califor
nia-street M. K. Church, will preach this
morning on "Lessons From the Life of
Queen Victoria," and in the evening he
will deliver a strong sermon on "Gambling
in San Francisco Officially Encouraged."
A mass meeting for citizens will be held
In the First M. E. Church, Powell street,
near Washington, this evening. Rev. F.
K. Baker, the pastor, will preach a pow
erful sermon against gambling In San
Francisco. He will also touch on the pro
posed ordinance to be Introduced by the
Supervisors to reopen the Ingleside race
track. In the morning his subject will be
"Gloomy Sainthood a False Idea."
Rev. \V. M. Woodward, pastor of the
Epworth M. E. Church, will preach this
morning on "Abiding Christ," and in the
evening on "Abounding Love."
"The Evidence of Christian Experience"
will be -the topic of Rev. J. N. Beard's
sermon this morning to the congregation
of Grace M. E. Church. He will also dwell
on gambling in the metropolis, in the
evening Rev. H. F. Briggs will preach on
"Sins and Its Consequences." This ser
mon Is a part of the series of great themes
by thoughtful men. The attendance dur
ing the series has been remarkably large.
Services In honor ot Queen Victoria will
he held in the African M. E. Church this
evening. Rev. T. Brown, the pastor, will
preach a sermon on lessons derived from
her noble life. Special music has been ar
ranged and the services will undoubtedly
be interesting. The Rev. Mr. Brown will
also preach against the racetrack and
gambling in San Francisco.
Rev. F. S. Ford, pastor of the First
Christian Church, will preach morning
and evening. In the morning his subject
will be "Except Ye Eat of the Flesh" and
in the evening "The Xame Christian."
Rev. E. H. Avery. pastor of the West
minster Presbyterian Church, will preach
this morning on "The World's Great
Search" and in the evening on "John Bun
yan and His Wonderful Allegory."
Rev. Bradford Leavitt will preach to the
¦congregation of the First Unitarian
Church this morning on "The Influence
of Humble Lives." A sermon will also be
preached "by Rev. Harold Johnson of
Birmingham. England, on "The Moral In
fluence of the Life of the Queen."
Rev. John Hemphill. pastor of the Cal
vary Presbvterian Church, will preach this
evening on "The Life and Character of
Queen Victoria."
Rev. Geor«re C. Adams, pastor of the
First Congregational Church, .will preach
this mornlne on "The Potter and the
Clay" and in the evening on "A Queenly
Life."
"Love" will be the topic of discussion
at the services to be held at 223 Sutter
street by the members of the First Church
of Christ. Scientist. *
Rev. E. A. Woods, pastor of the First
Baptist Church, will preach this morning
on "The Shut Door" and In the evening
on "Queen Victoria. In Memoriam." 'Pre
lude, "Gambling and the Racetrack."
The sixth monthly musical service will
be held at Trinity Church this evening.
H. J. Stewart's oratorio, "The Nativity,"
will be repeated by request of many, who
were unable to gain admission on the last
Sunday In December.
A musical evening with Moza*rt and an
address on "The Genius of Music and
Art" will be features at the Second Uni
tarian Church this evening. A choir will
render the . grand . music of the master
musician and Joseph Shlppen will deliver
the address.
The feast of St. Agnes will be commem
orated with great solemnity at St. Agnes
Church this morning. A ; solemn high mass
will be celebrated at 11 o'clock. The ser
mon will be preached by Rev. Father
O'Neil, O. P.
Rev. J. B. Hannlgan will deliver the dis
course In St. Mary's Cathedral at the 10
o'clock mass this morning. In the even
ing Rev. C. A. Ramtn will preach.
Pastor -Will- Dwell on the
Virtues of the Noble
English Ruler.
QUEEN VICTORIA
IS THEIR THEME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIiL, SUNDAY, JANUARY . 27, 1901.
Deceased a Prominent Figure in Pioneer
Days and Identified With the Growth
of the National Guard cf California
COLONEL GEORGE W. GRANNISS
CLAIMED BY THE GRIM REAPER
Bed.
20
R AILW AYJIgAVgl _
n«»utmkr!V i>A«;iri«: cujiwit.
(FAoirio sTN-riii.)
TralM l*»v* nail »r« tin* *• nrrlf • ••
MAN ritAN<:iN<'«>.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.) '
tSATi — Fbom Jxsvxnr 1, 190L — A»mm
7:3«* B«i<lei». Sidsnn, Elmlra. VaeariBe,
UillDKiT »ud .Hurxiixum ?».lv
T-Iva Dh»Li, WoodUnd. Kni<tata Landing,
M»iT»fiIle. orotllle 7i(3r
T:39a Atlantlu Kx press— Ogden tad Eul lS>13r
»:Ol»A M MUu«x,Sau It *inou. V»'.!ejo. Hapa,
«:»U«t<g-» aud Hiuta Itoaa ¦tl.lp
R:«o a 2f naa, lAiermata. Tracy, La'Jiror.
Stockton 7il3r
' ii3t>A SbMU 7 xprcss— DkTla WillUnu (for
itartlatt Springs). VfUlows, Bed
Blufl. FoiU»im1. 7i43r
• i»tti Sa» Joa«. ia»oxmo¥e. HtoekKm.
lone, SseraiHHUto. rHcrrtlllo,
M»rj«»lHe, Cbico, Jtait Hliiff 4iIJ»f
HiSO* Oalil»!p, Chinese, Honor*, C*rten... 4il3r
»:«»» IUyw*ni*. Nilr» »oil Way .Stations. Ill 1.1*
»io»» Los Anselea £z)>reaa — M artlua.
Tr»oy. Lathrop. .stock tou. Utrent
• Frewio «imI Los Angales J»J?»
91.10* VallrK .Martinez kiiil W»y Stations Bil3»
lOioo* Tha O»erUmlLliiiit«i-Ogd«ii, Dea.
»sr. Omaha. Chiear> - - - . . «i43 »
tU—A. Kllca. Stockton. Bmet*axent«. M<w-
dot*. Freaoo. H*nfur<1. VlaaiU.
INjrtfMllle ........ «•»»
lliOOALlTerowre. 8aDwr. Goshen Jna»
tton. Bikarsfleld. Loe Angeles
tlt«Or R*«a.ui«iut» Klter St»>niM» fSiOO*
Si ••' Uaywarda. N il« and ay Muttons.. M»r
4iWMr Martluex. »»" lUinon. Vallajo.
N»P*. UalMnajn, HmiU Kot* »«!»*
4i«0r Benicla. Wfajtert. Hacranienk*
Wuniiiaiul. KhIkUbi Landlui.
M.r»«»ill-. Oiuflllo ~ 12'iS*
NUe« and Ban Jow...... I*****
SiOOp NUes. Llrermore. Stockton L«»dl ... i»««3a
«3>00r Suiuet limited. El Pa*A N*w .....^
Orleanii and Eitt «10il3*
S:»ttrT>i« Owl Umited— Tr»CT. FieJino.
BakecsQeM. Haafna for Sauta Ba*-
bar*, !«• -AD«elea- .•• *»»I»A
OiOor New Otleaof ExpreM-lUkerii.nnId,
HaiiU IUrli*r*. l.im ADgeles, Dem-
Inr. El Fmo. Sew Orleau* and
ICI T»4SJ*
«HM»pna»waid».5lHo-»aodaao Joae .T'i2*
¦ 11»43*
ttiOwrOrianul Mail-OgJen, Chejenne,
Omaha. CUiwgo 12«13»
• :OOr Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver.
. Omaha. Ckicuro. 4sl3r
*iO»r (Kc^'i" anil California K«i>r«aa.Mao>
raw— to, Murjitllle. lt«.Ml.i«. •
1'ortUiKl, I'lignt Moniiil Slid !¦•»»* ¦(43A
HiwSpBan P*b!n. P»rl Uoats. Martlnea
and Wa» HUliuM "*!?*
;«io»r v«ii>)« IM&r
i»4ST HI VISION (lurrow «a»ne).
jftwitnt Market Strael.)
«il»* Newark. «;.-iitBr»ille > .Sau.Io»e.F«ltoii,
IVttilder On-«k.M»»ta Cru» and Wa»
Htatloim •*»•»
t »i 1 3 r Nswuk. tWorTllle. Han Jose, New
Alinaileu. rolton, llouMer Creek,
Santa (,'iua anil l'rlnciptl Way ,
St*t|.».» — « f !••»•*
4tl."»r Newark. S«n J«i«. I.c« Oatoa •¦*•»
a*:XOp Hunters' Exsnnion, S»n Joeo and
WsygUttoos t.i*»F
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr*msiR rHmciseo— r«» .r n.^.t su««nsiii»—
tT.li -j:im 11:00a.m. l:0O 3:00 £:15p.m.
From Oakland— Foot of Brcadway.— f< U fS:05
10:(Ca.m. 12:W 2:00 4:00p.m.
COAXI IH¥|SI«N (UritailCaiigv).
(TMr.) .»¦ d Tn«iiwiil Hf.>
|O:I»a Octs»ii View, etoutu .¦»•» Kt»ud*o».. !•»»•»
7iOOa H*.i Jo»» Mai W«f HUU..M (N«w
Al.nadei. W«lin»il*Ta«nl»» llSO»
• •••* H*n J.mw. Tfea ri,...». H>nt» Cms.
raeiC.e «Sr»t». l'»a.» Kohlea. 8»»
¦* Luis OMsiNkj Hmf. Lompqeaud
Principal VI »t SUtL.ns ....7S... ;«••»
¦ »s4»a Ban J»s« »ui> W.j HtaUoua. •'•»»
I H3«* Hau Jo.« a».l Wa, Htatloiia ........ B>30p
f4i l»r Ban Matan. lUdwool. Menlo Park,
Palo' Alto. Santa Olar», San Joea,
Tre» Plnoa, «J»nu Crux. Sallnaa.
Monterey ami Tacilio GroTS flwiJM*
«a>S«p Han Joae an<l Way Statloua 2'^'
H : « » P San J..»e and Pri t.cipal W ay StattoM »U3 *
«3:U«p 8ai» Jon--, Ifl* Oatoa and Principal
Way Stations I*' 01 **
3jS»p flan J..«« au.l Principal Way StaUont »i»2 4
«>»np8an.)n«aau<l Way Stations '5'^? 4
qll:«.-»r 3an .losetml Way Statlona 7i3e)>
A for Monit.il. P * o« A tUrnooa.
t<>n.i<Ure<crpted. I Sauiiy ooljr.
a Mondiyt. Wednesdays, Friday*.
a Turtd^n. ThnrxUr*. aandsjm.
a HiMur.lar only
Rapid
but
Restful
The great 75-hour train
on the Santa Fe, San
Francisco to Chicago, is
known as the
California
Limited
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAH FRANCISCO AHO NuRTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburort Ferry. Foot of Market St
Sqn Frnnci«cn m Sun Fji?*"-'.
T1EURON KERRY— FOOT OF MARKET 6T.
WKEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. in.; 12:35. 3:30.
5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:M
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p.- m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30; 5:00.
6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:1(5. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:35
SUNDAYS^ :lS,* 9:40,. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40. 5:05.
6:23 p. in. '
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park,
same schedule as above.
Leave j In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco. | Nov. 7,. 1900. | San Francisco.
Week ) Sun- J j Sun- j Week
Days. 1 days. ( IVstlnatlon. | days, j Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 ami S:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am ' Petaluma, 6:05 pmllO:23 am
5:10 pm C:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 prn| 6:22 pm
f Fulton. I
7:30 am Windsor, • 10:25 am
Healdsburg, •
'. • Lytton.
• . Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cl<n-grdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I I
I 8:00 am| and I'kiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
7:30 am) t 10:23 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pmF ' 6:22 pm
•7:30am 8:00 8 m Sonoma 9:15am 8:40^m
and .
5:10 pmf 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. <:03 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8;00 ami 110:40 am|10:2» am
3:30 pfa| 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm; 6:22 pm
.' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs ; at Fultoc
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyscrvtlle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carl*-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Dart let*.
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Sprint,'*. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal.
WlUetts, Laytonvllle, Cummings. Bell's- Springs.
Harris, Otscns. • Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . »
- On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market St., Chronicle build-
ing. R. X. RYAX.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manager. - . :
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
Send Name and Address To-Day— You
Can Have It Free/ and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. HALL'S KclNYlGORATOfijSrafg
Fne hundred reward for any
«h: e we cannot cure. This secret aQS BS
remedy ctopa all losses In 24 hours. ! f
curet Emi8t;ons. Impotency, Vari- JIJI BTO
cttcz'it. Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, -M t*r>
strictures. Lost Manhood and all iUi illi
wasting effects of *elf-a.buse or nfc»- S£
•¦xctef-ee. Sent sealed. J? bottle; 3 * •...vW^IA}
bcttles. 15; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALLS MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 85*
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073-4
ilajket tt_. S. F. All private diseases quickly
c-ur«-d. Send for free book.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local LJm"d|Ovrl"d| Local
. Dally. Daily. j Daily. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
A T. Stockton 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:06 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:25 p 3:05 a
" Hanford. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:C6 a ?..
" Vlnalla .. '4:10p 4:10 p 4:45 a"
•• Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a
" Bksneld . 6:S0p 5:20 p 7:30 a ,
" Kan. City 2:41 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, d for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited,
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor*
responding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. dally.
4:23 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dzlly.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 n. m. dally.
7:20 a. -m. -Is Bakersfleld Loral, stopping'
at all points in San Joaquln Valle-y. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offlces— 641 Market street and In Ferry
•Depot, San Francisco; 1118 Broadway. Oak-
land. -. ' '
BUC..A>A.> i!HOa..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
RT2TTCZ-T17Q FOR barbers. bak-
DXtU OrLEdO "«. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables,'
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and return.
»1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offlcfa. 821 Market »t.. Sau^allto Ferry.
Leaves San Francfsco. via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:15 a. xa.: l:4i and 4:00 p. m.
8UNDAYS S:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:13 p. m.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTER3. THE
great . Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
Weekly Call, $1.00 per Yea?
How any man may Quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness. lost
vitality, night losses, varicocele/ etc-.' and ' en-
large small weak organs to full slxe and vigor.
Simply send your name and address . to Xn. \i.
W. -Knapp. 137J Hull building. Detroit, Mich.,
and he will gladly send the free receipt with
full. directions bo ttat any man may easily cure
himeelf ; at home. This s ls certainly a most
generous offer and the following extracts taken
from his dally mail show what men think of
his generosity. . .,-
'.'Dear Sir — Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. .\ It has completely braced
me up. , I am Just a* vigorous as when a bov
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
- "Dear Sir— Your method worked beautirullv
Results were exactly, what I needed. . Strength
and vigor have • completely returned and en
larfrement js - entirely, .eat Jsfactory."
"Dear Sir— Yours was received and I had no
trouble in making 1 use of the receiot as direotAri
and, can. truthfully say it.U a boon to^.ak
men. I am greatly Improved In size, strength
and vigor.'-*.- . ,: . • , . • . "
All -correspondence , Is strictly .confldenUal
mailed In plain, scaled envelope.. The recelnt
is (tee for the askta* and he want* everymao
to have It ¦ • .' • . . «««
U W. EN.
NEW .WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, EOc to $1 60 day*
$5 to $S w«k; JS to J20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire prates in every
room, elevator runs all night.
P I FT n HI/ ft I Corner Fourth and
CAFE ROYAL m^M
be. Overcoats and
valises checked free
?.•^•J* ' ¦' ¦)T"*»/'«»i m B 'K Oli t ncn-poiBonons
<V^^**^^1 r T, mod -'- for <;on <>^h«a.
t 1 '***. SperraatoVrhaa,
Jhp~4F in 1 m J ««.". \3 White*, uu natural dij-
£i5~y Gn»r»ctr*i « chargt . or any inflafiima-
t >mt)i dm u> itnciur-. tion. i ritatiou or clcrra-
gj^Jfrt'tou eonitsion. tion f DUconii mem-
K7«TheEv»»,sChev^hCo. brines. Non-aotringcnt.
fej^\ CihC:vK*Ti,o .i£saj ak>Id by Dr ocd»ta,
v Vf-iX. C 6- a. ? r *' nt in pUin w , r »PPf .
JFfflwBW l>r expre»§, prepaid, for
'^t*25*a2^O c W * I0 °. « r 3 bottles, «2.7».
*^ tf T8riir* w V' *• "'- wl»r sent en reqaoct.
WEEK DAYS-«:55. •9:15, 11:00 a. m.. n.-*!
8:15. 4:00, 6:15. •€:15. 6:40 p. m. ..-V
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley knd San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •S:tO. •10:00, 11:30 a. m.. "i-li.
«:15, »4:45. 6:30. »:00 p. ni '—
Trains marked <*)T*run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-6:20. 'f.iO. 7:45, >:30 a, m
•12:30. '1:45, »3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. m. . .'
I EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday,
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
8UNDAYS-«:20. •S:*). 'lO:©?. mm a. -.
•1:40. »2:15. 4:45. *6:30 p. m. • • . ™*'
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
PROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-«:45. «:45. 7:55. 9:30 a. m
12:35. 2:10, 3:30. 4:54, 5;20 p.' m. •
EXTRA TRIPS - on . Mondays. Wednesdav.
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m . aay "
SUNDAYS— 8:05,, 10:05 a, m., 13:03 .S-is s-m
5:00. 6:45 p. m. . . "• * a> «
THROUGH .TRAINS.
6:55' a, m. week days— Cazadero .and way
1:45 p. m. • Saturdays— Tomales and way
8:00 a. m. . Sundays— Toma4e« and ' way
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vl« S«u«allto F«rry.
.-.-. «- Commencing September 30. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAXX.ET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
The remedy has a- peculiarly irrateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
¦nd development Just where It la needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A -request to the State Medical
Institute. 828 Elektron building Fort
Wayne.. Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy It is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper, remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that its recinjent need
have no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers axe requested to writ© with-
out delay. : < '•»
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are belnc mailed to all who
¦will write the- State Medical Institute
They cured 6O many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical Buffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute fre«
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who. suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. .
A Free Trial Package Sent by Malt-
Quickly Restores Lost Viyop
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
SENT FREE TO MEN!
BOTTLE irllnkO
fMcBURNEY'8
A thorough core for
pains in the back,
BRIGHT'S DISEASE,
female troubles, incon-
UueaceOf urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
ivctting of children, pravel, gall etoacs,
dxopt-y. diabete*-. »nn r*-.»"imatisnL.
FOR SALE AT— —
THE OVTL DRfd CO.. 1128 Market St..
AN'D AT
DAHLBENDEn DRUG CO.. 2H Kearny st,
Fen4 25o in 2c stamps to W. F. McBurney.
41S R. Pprtn>r rt., Los Anpel<*s. Cal.. for 5
I days" treatment. Prepaid $1 50. DniRBirts.
S. V.. December 4. 1S99 — Dr. Wonfr Him. 1J5-
117 Mason Ft.. S. F., Cal.— Dear Sin For thr
benefit of others I -wiFh to make a statement, of
tr.y case, •which was heart trouble. After treat-
ing with eix err.inf-r.t rh^Pi^ians my case was
pronounced incurpl>le. H<-arinB of Dr. Won*
Him, and his wonderful cures. I decided to trv
his herb treatment. He did all he claimed, and
eftcr treating six mor.:h«t I am now well and
ptronp. Your?, respectfully.
MRS. BARLOW. 1027 Mission rt.. S. T.
December 15. 1900— This la to certify that I
was suffering for fifteen years from Brlght's
<J!set6e of the kidnejF and a tumor on my left
ride. I trif-d a number of doctors and varioj*
remedies without affording me any relief That
rlx months ago I apt.lied to Dr. Wong Him of
115-117 lla^on street. San Francisco, and now
after six months of fc's treatment I am entirely
cured and in perfect health. I write this in
my ftrrr^ciation of Dr. U'rng Him. and that
other ouJTerers may be relieved, and I will be
*-¦'•¦'' to certify io this in person to any one
that may cali upon me at my residence.
MRS. JflHN' ALL.AXSOX.
Orchard avenue, ElmhursT. Alameda Co., fal.
TO THE PUBLIC!
>^pv SAN FRANCISCO., Oct
/Cw&3™« 6 - 1S0O— To vhum it may
ffSwp-^e concern: This is to certify
Wgf tQ that Ml. WONG HIM of
JS2C ( 11Z-U7 Mason street. San
fl' > f Krancisco. has cured m<?
¦2.\SS } ot kidney trouble an3
/^/W*/ Theumatism and I am
happy to make this state-
JSRsZTt^ v^KV In *- Rt - *« I find the Doctor
TJK^fetafiS?^^* strictly honest in every
*tr* >? '?5'V3* wr.se of the word and an
***«-«*,»%.-i7i->^ honorable man in all his
iealiags. LtH. C. A. GAY. DenUst, 902 Second
eve.. Seattle, Wash.
I GENTLEMEN:
i Buy your clothes where you get
I the best for your money.
JOE POHEIM,
* THE TAILOR, \
> Makes S1.1..%O. «l. r »..*»O and
C SlT.rjO suits, which are the best
j in the city. They are all wool and
j make a fine business suit.
; for dre«s purpnsps we make you I
5 a Fuit for >«:»0.00. S^o.OO, 2
* S:tO.()O, .S."$r,.O<> that you can- i
i not duplicate in the I'nited States. : ,
[ A full line of new goods just in. i
S Perfect fit and best of workman- j
A ship guaranteed or no sale.
1 JOE POHEIMJIie Tailor, |
j 201 and 2"3 Montgomery. cor.
) Bush; 1110 and 1112 Market St.. S. F. ¦
A 1« S. Spring St.. Los Angeles. :
All drujrpifts fp!I thorn at TiOc for full
F'.3ed packap:" 1 . You can t'.se them with
spsurance that you will not contract the
eocainp <>r morphine habit as the results
from this catarrh cure are apparent from
the first day's use.
For emarrh of the nose, throat, bron-
chial tub<>s. for catarrh of stomach, in-
tf-stines or bladdor no preparation is so
t=afo and gives s<ich rapid" and permanent
rcfiilts as Stuart's Catarrh Tablets,
Catarrh is dimply- a continuation of
these symptoms until the trouble becomes
chronic and prows gradually worse from
year to year.
Stuart's U:;tarrh Tablets are composed
of Hydrasiln. Kucaiyptol. Guaiacol and
Fimil.ir antiseptics and catarrh specifics,
from which it will he Been that no secret
is mnde of th" ingredients and also that
no mineral pcifons arc used, as is the
cape with many well-known catarrh med-
icines.
A new remedy has recently appeared
¦which po far as ttvied seems to be re-
markably effective In promptly curing ca-
tarrh, wherever located. The preparation
Is soid by druspists penerally under name
of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, and in addi-
tion to lining very palatable and conveni-
ent, possesses extraordinary, merit, in
many rases pivinK immediate relief from
the coughfnjr. hawkins and constant
cloarlriK of t!~.e throat and head, those
eymptoms with whic'.i everyone is famil-
iar who has ever s-uITcred from colds In
the head and throat. •
It Is a common mistake to suppose that
catarrh is confined to the nose and throat.
Ally inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane wherever located accompanied by
abnormal secretions is catarrh. Catarrh
of stomach or bladder, or intestines is
nearly as common as nasal catarrh and
much more serious, although it is true
that j-tomach catarrh and catarrh of oth-
er Internal organs is the result of neg-
lected r.at-al catarrh.
There Is no disease so common in, the
United States as catarrh because it ap-
pears in so many forms and attacks so
xn;»ny different organs.
Trouble?
Symptoms, of a Very Common
HAVE YOU ANY OF THESE
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
M. D.
to All Who Write.
BEFORE DURING AFTER
Wasting Diseases^^
" World Famous- Mariani Tonic '
IJ^VVp^^ FOR BODY AND BRAIN
Since 1SC3, Endorsed by Medical- Profession. 'd^T
efficacious agreeable
At 'Brugtists Everywhere. Ji*fuse Substitutes.
-. jy_. ,¦, ./ »».' *:.*."!*¦! xvrzfir "m~7rj-u^4
\CHICACO~\
In LESS ihan
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At 10 A. M.
Chicago, Union Pacific
& North-Western Line
J"\OUBLE Dra-xing-T^oom Sletpir.g
I J Cjrs, Bufftt, * making and Library
•*-^ Cars, veith barb.'r. bi' ing Cars—
meals a It carte. *Dailv Tourist Car
Service and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions roerv vtek from San Francisco
at 6 p.m. The best of evtrvthing.
it. it. rt itch i is
617 Market St. General Agent Paetflc Cbast
Palace Hotel SAX TEA XCXSCO
Are You
Interested in
Mexico?
We are thinking of running
a cheap excursion to Mexico,
about March . ist. Do you
care anything about it? Let
us know if you do.
F.W. PRINCE,
641 Market st.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. *
ADVEETISEHENT3.TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
The ladles - of ; the . Sketch . CLub enter
tained their 'friends ',ln the' pretty; club
rooms on California street yesterday aft
ernoon at a Japanese tea and perform
ance. The rooms were ' crowded with
guests, who heartily enjoyed .the unique
programme.. Threo Japanese dancers, in
gorgeous natior&l costumes, gave some of
the characteristic dances of Japan, the
samurai dance, the sanhaso (dance Of wel
come) and the. symbolic dance known as
wagamono. Some charming characteristic
music on' the samisen and koto and quaint
songB' of Nippon* were also furnished by
the performers, and the ladles responsible
for the afternobn's entertainment were
heartily congratulated on. the' success of
their efforts. Tea was served at the close
«if the programme In Japanese style, with
confections a la Nippon all in order. - -
Skstcli.Club Ladies Entertain.
The several victims of the swindler held
a heart-to-heart talk and finally conclud
ed that when she was pretending to count
over the change she shoved part of the
money under her glove. Th« schemV Is
now generally known amo..£ tn«? ;oncn*>
"?i rS K» an ? a^ n> w / ema 'e passenger with
light colored hair, blue eyes, about 21 or
22 years of age. wearing a dark blue skirt
and automobile sacnu«»" will be viewed
with suspicion, particularly so If she pre
sents a gold piece in payment for fare.
asked a conductor employed on a line run
ning to the Townsend-street railroad de
pot. "Light colored hair, blue eyes, about
21 or 22 years of age? Wears a dark blue
skirt and automobile sacaue, eh?"
"Yes," answered the Market street rail
road man. "Have you met her?"
"I guess so." was the reply. "She cost
,me 60 cents Tuesday afternoon. Worked
tne same game on me. Important tele
gram; in hurry to catch San Jose train;
$o piece for fare; 60 cents short change
and off car at Harrison street."
"You fellows ain't alone." chimed in a
conductor from the Mission street line.
She owes me 40 cents. She was heading,
the day I met her, for a train at the Va-
A new style of petty swindling has been
Introduced here. The conductors em
ployed on the street cars have been the
victims. It was only yesterday that they
discovered ,that the game was being sys
tematically I worked.
The swindler is a well dressed young
woman, with a. suave and polished man
ner, when she boards a car the smallest
piece of money she has to offer in pay
ment for her fare is a Jo gold piece, when
she leaves the car she is generally from
40 to 60 cents ahead of the conductor. The
swindle coula have been worked indefi
nitely had it not been that one of her
victims made a remark yesterday that set
his listeners, who were also railroad men,
comparing. notes. «
When they told their several stories it
was evident to all of them that they had
met the swindler, but did not realize until
too late that, she was robbing them. The
exposure of the swindle came about In a
very simple way. - . - ; ,
"I had a rather peculiar experience last
night," said one of the men who is em
ployed as a conductor on the Market
street line. "We stopped at Grant avenue
to. allow a passenger to alight and I had
given the bell to the gripman to go ahead,
when a young woman ran out from i the
sidewalk signaling me. to stop the car.
She took a seat on the inside. When I
•went'to collect her fare she handed me a
$5 piece and anxiously asked if she would
be in time to catch the 8 o'clock boat. I
told her that she had five minutes to
spare. , - :
•' 'Have you no smaller change?* I
asked. ' V,
" 'No, sir,' she replied. 'I have Just re
ceived an Important telegram requiring
that I catch the 8 o'clock boat. I was
'afraid that I would miss it. Otherwise
I would have got change in some store
before getting on the car. I know that
it is inconvenient for you gentlemen to
change gold, but under the circumstances
I am compelled to impose upon your good
nature.' . •
•'She spoke pleasantly and: looked inno
cent. I never for a moment doubted her
honesty.- I gave. her, $4 95 in chanfre-^nick
els, dimes, quarters and halves. She took
the money in her left • hand, which was
gloved. I went out to the. rear platform,
and had been there but a moment when
she beckoned to me. I. went inside.
" 'You have, made a mistake in the
change you gave me,' said she, looking
up in an innocent sort of way. 'twere is
only $4 55 here,' and she handed me back
the money. ¦ ¦ ¦' . ' • ".
"I counted :lt over and found that she
was right, so far, as the amount. she re
turned me was concerned. 'I was almost
certain that I had -given her the exact
chance but fearing that I might have
made a mistake I gave her 40 cents more.
I didn't want to question her honesty.
You know you don f t like to get into an
argument or dispute with women passen
ccrs. ¦ ¦
"When she reached First street she sig
naled me to stop the car; 'Pshaw, I must
lose that boat after all.' said ahft. when
she came out on the. platform. *I forgot
something and have to go back home.'
' tvlt A thus occurred to me that she had
acted In a rather strange way.
•'When I got to the- ferry landlnsr I
counted over my, chanpre and found that
I was exactly 40 cents short. I Just want
ed to kick myself. If. -I. had counted my
money when she said that I had given her
40'cents too little I would have' known
tharl had not made a mistake. But if
I had discovered that I was . not vv ronp,
what could I " do? I would rather, part
with- 40 -cents any. day > than get Into h
dinoute with a woman. '.
"What kind of a looking woman Is she?"
YOUNG WOMAN SWINDLER MAKES
GAME OF CAR CONDUCTORS
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 26. 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS, ,
Lieutenant Commander, U. P. N., In charge. ¦
Flow of Rivers.
Following Is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In, cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 60 California miner's Inches," or* About
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The. figure* are
from J. B. Llppincott, hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey:
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
Steamer Movements.
the early morning- tides are given tn the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives tha last tide
of the . day, except when there . are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
Slates Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sl*n (— ) precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of references
is the mean of the lower low -waters. '
Sun ri»e« Ill
Sun sets • '. J ""t'27
Moon sets (first quarter) !.!!.!!!o:2J
SUNDAY. JANUARY {7.
NOTE- The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
fiv« minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide !¦ the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
CLEARED.
Saturday, January 2S.
i Stmr North Fork, McLellan. Eureka; Chas
! Nelson'. '
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad & X«v Co.
Bark C D Bryant. Colly. Honolulu; Williams,
I Dimcnd & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. January 28.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood. Facerlund. Greenwood.
Ftrrr Fulton, Johnson. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Deeuatch. Johnson. — — .
Ptmr Eureka. Jensen. Eureka.
Stmr I>! Norte. Allen, Crescent City.
Stmr I'oint Arena. Hansen, Mendocino.
. Stmr National City, Dettmers. . .
Br stmr Wellington, £almond. Chemainus.'
Br shin Flintshire., Jones, Queenstown.
Batpe Panta Paula. Xieleen. Ventura, in tow
of tui Rescu".
Schr Nettle Eundborp, Anderson, Slu«law
River.
SPOKEN.
Jan IS. lat 43 N. Ion 21 W"— Br ship Thorn
liebank, frcm Shield*, for Santa Rosalia.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Nor bark Prince Victor, from Honolulu.
while entering Royal .Roads, struck Rosedala
Reef, damaging two planks on port side; also
port bilge and keel and forefoot started.
TBL.BCJRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 25. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind northwest, velocity 4 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
KAHULUI— Arrived . Jan 13— Schr Muriel,
from Newcastle, Aus. Jan K>-Brl» Harriet G, j
hence Dec 10.
COOS BAT— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr Empire,
hence Jan 12.
Sailed Jan 2C— Schr Western Home,- for San
Francisco.
i POUT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 26— Schr
! Fannie Dutard, from Grays Harbor.
EVERETT— Sailed Jan 24— Schr Mary Dodge,
for Kahulul.
EUREKA-Falled Jan 26-Stmr San Pedro.
for San Francisco.
POINT LOBOS— Passed Jan 25. at 5:10 p m—
Stmr San Mate--., from Nanaimo. for Port
Los Anseles.
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived Jan tft-Br ihlp
Castle Rook, from Royal Roads.
VENTT'RA— Arrived Jan 26— Stmr Aberdeen,
hence Jan 24.
Failed Jan 26— Schr Americana, for Hono
lulu.
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan 25 — Stmr Newport, for
Takutat; ttmr CottaKe City, for Sltka.
Arrived Jan 25— Schr SUmaon. from San
Pedro. Jan 26— Ptmr Czarina, hence Jan 21.
Sailed Jan 25— Schr Falcon, for Port Gam
ble.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan 26-Schr Fal
con, from Seattle.
ASTORIA-Sailed Jan 26— Stmr Willamette,
for San FranciRcn.
HONOLULt:— Sailed Jan 12— Bktn Robert
Sudden, re/ Port Townsend. and not San Fran
cisco, as previously reported.
FOREIGN PORTS.
STDNET— Arrived Jan 10-Br ship Lancing,
from Port Plrle.
FLUSHING— Parsed Jan 24— Br ship Aller
ton, frcm Antwerp, for San Francisco.
CENTRAL AMERICA— Sailed Jan 6— Ger
stmr Hathor. for Hamburc.
TABLE BAT— Sailed Jan 12— Br shlo Aus
tralian, for Newcastle, Aus.
CHEMAINUS— Sailed Jan 1»-Chll bark An
tofairasta. for Amofagarta.
DUBLIN— Arrived Jan 25— Br hark Nithsdale.
from Oregon.
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior to Jan 26— Br ship
Ivy. from Seattle.
<JUEENSTOWN-Failed Jan 2S-Br ship Se
mantha, for Antwerp.
TOKOHA MA— Sailed Jan 25— Br stmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver.
LOURENZO MARQUEZ— Arrived Jan 2S—
Bark Orecon. from Port Blakeley.
•OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 26— Stmr Weimar,
from Bremen.
Sailed Jan 26— Stmr Campania, for Liverpool;
stmr Patricia, for Hamburg; stmr Rotterdam,
for Rotterdam; «tmr Hohenzollern, for Naples.
Arrived Jan 26— Stmr St Louis, from South
ampton.
Arrived Jan 26— Stmr Etruria, from'Liver
pool: stmr Mlnnehaha. from London.
QUEEXSTOWN- Arrirrd Jan 2C— Stmr Urn- I
bria, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Sailed Jan 26— Stmr Cymric, from Liverpool,
for New York.
CHERBOURG — Sailed Jan 25— Stmr New
York, from Southampton, for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Jan :«-Stmr Bergen- |
haus. from Hongkong, for San Diego.
!• LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan 2«— Stmr Lucanla,
! for New York.
: A^iTWERP— Sailed Jan 26— stmr Kensing
ton, for N«*w York.
HAVRE— Sailed Jan 26-Stmr La Bretagne,
for New York.
Slmr Sequoia, Markin. 45 hours from Ban
Pe<1ro.
Ger Btmr Eesostris. Temmo, 120 days from
Hamburg, via Mazatlan 5 days 21 - hours.
Br «tmr Westminster. Petrie. 41 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 28 days.
s^ehr Orient, Sanders, 8 days from Wlllapa
Harbor.
Srhr Mary Etta. Anderson, 80 hours from
Fish Reck.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. January 26.
Strr.r Pomona, Shea, 18 hours from Eureka.
Slmr Newsboy. Ohlstrom. 17 hours from Cas
par.
Strr.r Xavarro, Green, 17 hours from Bowens
Landing.
.Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. 40 hours" from
Shipping; Intelligence.
cocoanut oil. 1310 lbs dried fruit. S cs electrical
goo«i*. 113 pkgrs groceries a.nd provisions. 10
drums Rlycerlne. 12 kegs gunpowder, 62 pkgs
hardware, 16 crs incubators, 1S3 pigs lead, 35
bxs lemons, 14 pkgs machinery. 719 lbs nuts, 75
hxs nraiKf^s, 30 pk£R paste, 473 ska potatoes. 6
bales rubber hose. 4 stee! beams. S20 lbs seed.
IS c» 6j-mp of flftf?, « cs 947 gals wine, 36 era
veftetablen. Value. $7470.
For Sydney— 1S.M1 lbs hops, valued at $2700.
Mr. Loveland said that If the merchants
of New York, Chicago, St. Louis or Seat
tle, by reason of the volume of business
which they do with common carriers, can
influence the carriers to. give them th-3
same rate that San Francisco enjoys hov/
could the merchants of San Francisco pre
vent this? Or how. can they blame thq
transcontinental lines terminating In 8xn
Francisco from doing likewise? Continu
ing, he said:
."Naturally I should like to pee the ex
port business of Oriental ports done by
this city,- but in looking at it from thi
cold-bl9«ded • proposition of the longest
pole ..knocking; down the persimmons I
can neither blame other jobbing centers
for striving to compete with us for thi<»
business.: nor the. railroads serving San
Francisco for competing with other trans
continental lines for their share of the
traffic."
"The trouble has been in the past m
this city to secure united concerted action
and It seems to me that we should put our
shoulder to the wheel and endeavor to
serve and protect our Interests rather
than depend upon what- others can do for
us."
"Had anything like this occurred af
fecting the trade of Chicago, St. Louis.
Kansas City. St. Josech or Omaha their
freight bureaus would have taken tha
matter up before the first ship leaving
San Francisco under -the new tariff had
docked at Seattle, and means would have
been found to correct the abuse or neu
tralize its effect by an independent line
run in the interest of the city affected.
"Take, for 'example, the change in rates
to some of the, Euget- Sound points-recent
ly made by the Pacific Coaat Steamship
Company after -the- control, of .Its, stock
was said to have oassed to the*- Great
Northern Railroad. Rates from San Fran
cisco to all points on the Sound except
Seattle and Tacoma -were materially in
creased, while to those two ports they re
mained the same; thus permitting the Job
bers of Seattle and Tacoma to use this
market for such emergency orders as they
found it necessary to Dlace here, but com
pelling the merchants ot Port Townsend,
Everett, ¦ Anacortes, New Whatcom and
other points to make their purchases in
Seattle or Tacoma, thus Increasing: tli3
volume of business done for the Seattle
and Tacoma Jobbers by the Great North
ern road, and by the way incidentally re
ducing the volume done by the roads serv
ing San Francisco. Some little murmur-
Ing was heard, but no real effort wa3
made to recover trade thus diverted from
this city.
"Protests from individual firms or cor
porations or even from organized bodies
in particular lines of trade, against rates
detrimental to our city, while they may
meet with courteous consideration at tha
hands of common carriers cannot hope to
have the weight and influence which could
be exercised through an organization rep
resenting and supported by the entire
business community. Without such a bodv
organized' and existing for this specific
purpose the business men of the commu
nity are more than liable to patiently sub
mit to Questionable or even unfair.treat
ment without protest. . i'.-j . ; .
"Such a bureau, while it could not.per
form impossibilities and prevent Eastern
and Middle West cities from competing
with us for the export business, could be
of .vast benefit and could, doubtless, point
out the means of meeting our competitors
successfully as far as possible, There is
nothing whatever to prevent any one of
us from shipping our purchases direct
from the points of origin to Oriental
ports, thereby securing much of the ad
vantage now enjoyed by our competitors
of which we complain. For each . Indi
¦vldual. manufacturer or Jobber to secure
the information, necessary to compete' in
this manner Involves an amount of work
which they are not liable to do, but If we
could establish a freight bureau, where all
such data could be accumulated for the
benefit of its subscribers, not only on. that
subject, but on many others, it would do
much to correct existing discriminations,
prevent others, aid us to get around ob
stacles which cannot be surmounted and
restore our port to its former position ot
prestige and importance.
F. W. Van Slcklen of Dodge, Sweeney
& Co. believes that there Is a way to
make San Francisco a large distributing
center by -means of warehouses. Mr.
Van Slcklen said he believed that it would
be feasible for exporters In this city to
bring their goods to San Francisco for
exportation to the Orient on tho same
rates that are now given to Chicago, New
York and St. Louis. Awaiting 'orders,
these goods' could be placed; in, ware
houses here, and then,* moved 'accord-
Ing to the trade In the • Orient . at
the proper time! The '. transportation
lines would get • their -regular; -Ori
ental rate in full, and the freights would
be prepaid to the Orient, when the goods
were warehoused here. Perhaps a 'small
additional charge per 100 pounds might be
made, but that would not be sufficient to
shut San Francisco out of the trade of the
Orient. This Interesting suggestion will
get from the anxious commercial commu
nity the full attention that Its importance
merits.
Mr. Loveland said concerning the freight
bureau proposition which he advocates:
The peril to the . export Hrade of San
Francisco has led to someVlively- think
ing by the business -men i'of < this city.
Practical measures that ; may lead to
something- were suggested by
men prominent In tlie"commercial'commu
nity. H. D. Loveland,. vice president and
general manager of . Tlllmann & Bendel,
expressed the- opinion that- the., crying
need of the'.city'is a 'strong-, well-regu
lated freight bureau, under.: competent
management, uniting all mercantile and
manufacturing interests to the common
end of self-protection. .
Quwn«own fr. r <%rierF with 7S.154 ctls wheat
valued at I7*.:"0, ard ll.rxa) feet lumb»r as dur.
r.age, rained at JiS'j.
Merchandise for Victoria.
The steamer State p( California Failed yea
terflny fr.r Virtnria with the following cargo:
For Victoria— o <¦« arms and ammunition. 1^?9
Ibe butter. rs cann«-l c-kwIs. 2000 lb« choco
late. J crs cabba»?«>. I os <Jry nrxxiF. 10 bbls
Wheat Shipment.
Th» British »hip Sr.knto clpnrwl yeyterdar fT
"Hie CwJe Rork loads v.b'ai at Taeoma for
K'jrope, 41* Sd toptinn of ore from Vancouver,
46* 3d. prinr to arr!v«li: the Maun«. Ala. n>er
<-han<llsi» tor Hrnolulu: th» Salvator* Ciampa
for Enrr-pe, S<* ii\. jrior to arrival. '
NEWS OF THE OCEAN
Blatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping- Merchants.
Charters. . -
Charmer Heported Safe
i n«- .American snip ynarzaer. on which
to per cent reinsurance was paid two days
ago. is now reported safe and her ri?k has
frf-on wiped off the board. Alexander &
Kaldwin have received a letter from Ka
hului. to which port the Charmer was
bound, stating that a vessel resembling
the clipper In every respect had been seen
In the r ¦ffing. but stood off shore when the
¦weather became threatening. ' The on!v
fears for the Charmer were that she had
been caught in the gales off this coast.
terday on a bond of f»yt.O0Q. furnished' by
the National Surety Companv of New
York.
Olgti Released on Bonds.
Tn the suit of Jnftn D. Ppreckels & Bros.
Cr.mpar.y and the Merchants' Tugboat
Company vs. the Austrian steamer Olga
and 14,3?5 baskets of sugar, the pteamer
«"i]pa was rek-ased from attachment yes-
the Nettie Sunhont i>,r a coast port. The
Pomona come in frr>m Eureka, the N>ws
boy from <"a.^v.ir, the Mary Etta from
Fish Rock, the Brunswick from San
Pedro and the Navarro from Bowen»
Landing. Tlie latter was discharged and
«et out a^rain in a hurry.
George o'N'eil. who fays he Is a plumber,
and Joseph McCaho, who claims to be a
tearr.ster. were arrested yesterday by Ser
pf-ant JEUis and I>^t motive Kgan and locked
up Jn the Harbor police «taiioii. They
were packing along about fourteen feet of
a fchfp's cable and made an am-mpt to sell
it at a number of iunk stores, loiter the
was ilentlrted by J. J. Havislde.
th<» ripper, and the men were then charged
with larceny.
Quiet Along: the Front.
lp to punset yesterday there were nniy
five arrivals and four departures. One
Of the latter was the British Fhip Flint
shire, that made a start some mrnth? ago
and came bark dismasted. She has been
r^masted and rerigp^-d and i.« once more
on her way t» Bngland. The other de
partures were the Ftate of California for
Puget Sound, tho Boreka for Eureka and
SUEASTHIEVES CAUGHT
TVo Men Und:r Arrest for Stealing
Chain on the "Water Front.
— ' — I
THE steamer Navarro, xrhlch ar- |
rived from Bowens Lauding yes
terday, ipft again almost . 1m- j
mediately to make an attempt at i
ea^vlng the wrecked gasoline {
f~hooner Barbara Ilernster. The latter!
\*ssf-l left Point Arena for San Francisco. J
!>m missed stays before an offing could j
be made, and h^r engine not being power- j
ful cnr>uprh. slie wmt on rhe rocks. The !
ftory of the wreck and how one of the!
crew lest his life was told exclusively In j
The Cajl's telegraphic columns ;
The Xavarro is not the only vessel that
win attempt to pet iho Barbara Hernster
nlT the rocks. The Point Arena left last
r.lght -for the sc^ne and she Is under char
ter to the und*-rwrttrrs. Kertge anchors j
and extra hawyer? w«-re aboard and a vis- !
orous effort will be mad<> to get the gaso- j
line sohonnfr to San Krancisco. The !
people on thf Nnvarro say that If they cet !
their lines on the abandoned vessel first I
they will k'-ep her. while the men on the
Point Arena Fay she belongs to the under
writers and they win simply throw any
body overboard who attempts to Interfere |
with them. As boih steam schooners .
wiil arrive at the scene of the wreck !
about the same time there Is likely to be !
some fun when they meet.
Navarrb and Point Arena Are Hurrying to the Scene of the
Recent Disaster and a Determined Attempt Will Be
Made to Float the Vessel at High Water To-Day
STEAMERS RACING TO SALVE
WRECKED BARBARA HERNSTER
Eastern Kates to the Orient Bring
. Out Practical Ideas Held
* by Local Business
Men.
Warehousing and Freight
Bureau Suggested as
Necessary.
MERCKANT SEEK
TO HOLD TRADE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; JANUARY 27, 1901.
TO SAIL.
21
TIIE STEAM SCHOONER NAVARRO SPEEDING TO THE SCENE OF
THE WRECK OF THE SCHOONER BARBARA HERNSTER AT POINT
ARENA TO SALVE THE VESSEL.
TO ARRIVE.
~, ITImcj Tune; Time Tlroe!
» f Ft. Kt. Ft. ! Ft.
7 jll Wl U \V H \V . U Wj
>7...( 4:!S| 6.7 t ' 11:21 0.7' 6:0? [~z7% 10:56 ~*1
X ,..) 5.37) 6.J.,12:44 0.3 7:S4 4.0
l. \v :» w l \v h w
» ... 0:00 2.7j «:S1 6:0 1:« -0.1 8:49 4.1
» ... l:W 2.9' 7:31 «.l 2:4^—0.4 9;4S 4S
II... Mil ».9| g:3ll «.2 3:27-0.(5 10:S7 4.7
1 ... 3:10] 2. Si 9:2»! 8.1.4:20—0.7 U:ro ' 6.0
2 ... 4:00] 2.7j 10:l6l 6.1| 6:00 — 0.6| U;5S)' S.I
N'OTE-In tte above exposition of the Ude»
Second Peet.
DATE. .
1900. 1901.
January 13............. 48,310 18.700
January 14 10,100 is.ico
January 15 2LlfiO -19.780
January IB '.*. 20,100 -17,000
January 17 19.780 16.700
January 18 '{•'•* 18.560 16.700
January 19 17,300 15,800
DATE.
. ., Second Feet.
DATE. •
- . . 1900.. 1901.
January 13 1SS0 . 2295
January 14 .1350. 1S60
January 15 . 1850 1745
January 16 '.., 1260 ' 1M0
January 17 . 1260 1745
January 18 ;....::.. 1- 1100 . 1440
January 19 •' ......j 1100 1350
- Second Feet.
DATE. i
;. 1900.' ' 1901.
January 13 fl7M] 3100
January 14 \ 1764 WOO
January 15.: :..'...... ' 1614 2*90
January 16 .A • •• 1614: . 22i>5
January 17.;.. ....' 16H 20?0
January 18..; 1614 2CS0
January 1»>..... ,.......'..... ,1614 . 1900
DATE.
. ., Second Feet.
DATE. •
- . . 1900.. 1901.
January 13 1SS0 . 2295
January 14 .1350. 1S60
January 15 . 1850 1745
January 16 '.., 1260 ' 1M0
January 17 . 1260 1745
January 18 ;....::.. 1- 1100 . 1440
January 19 •' ......j 1100 1350
- Second Feet.
DATE. i
;. 1900.' ' 1901.
January 13 fl7M] 3100
January 14 \ 1764 WOO
January 15.: :..'...... ' 1614 2*90
January 16 .A • •• 1614: . 22i>5
January 17.;.. ....' 16H 20?0
January 18..; 1614 2CS0
January 1»>..... ,.......'..... ,1614 . 1900
DATE.
Grip is here, but of a mild type. It still
commences with Catarrhal symptoms,
aching of the limbs, marked lassitude and
a rise of temperature, resembling the com-
mencing of Typhoid or Malaria.
The convalescents are apt to be troubl*d
for a- considerable ; period with weakness,
a general ; want of ' physical tone— a condi-
tion to invite Pneumoniaj .-'
Paradoxical as it may appear, the light
attacks of Grip are oftentimes more dan-
gerous than the severe ones, as in, the
former Instances" the patients are more
apt to be careless of themselves during
the weak physical condition that foliow.
•The use 'of Dr. Humphreys' Famous
Specittc "77" breaks up the Grip, while
its-itonlclty sustains the flagging energies
during and after the. attack.
- At all Drug Stores, 25o, or mailed. • <\
CT Pocket Manual' mailed free,
« Humphreys',- Homeopathic Medloins Co.," cor.
Vllliem ana John" sts.. New York.
Board of Health Proclaims
an Epidemic of Grip.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"I was weighed last week on the same
*eaJes and tipped the beam at 133&
pounds, nearly forty pounds grain. I do
not claim that Grape-Nuts cured my taste
for the pork nnd other Indigestible food?,
but I do know that Grape-Nuts filled
*>very requirement of Nature to rebuild
where I have been po long tearing down*,
and the body, being i>atisft> u with the
perfect nourishment, did not demand the
foods I had eaten, which destroyed Jn-
etead of building up. Consequently the
taste for them naturally dropped out. one
by one. so gradually that I myself scarce-
ly noted the difference. My case 1e well
known and can be verified by hundreds of
people. Do not publish my naiffe," but
any on» Interested can obtain it by writ-
ing to the Postum Cereal Co.. Ltd., Battle
Creek, Mich.
"My appetite Increased and Nature
finally b^g-a.n to come around. I noticed
I lo*t my taste for meat, also for pie and
pastries. My stomach, liver and kidneys
noticeably improved, until now, at this
writing. I ana' thoroughly well and can
Ftand a smart blow on the small of my
back or on the stomach, which would
have nearly or quite killed me a year ajfo.
"I sleep good, no more nightmares, and
thoroughly enjoy my food. Grape-Nuts at
breakfast, ¦with lets of berries and other
fruit. My brain Is clear and bright; am
not lrrltabie and <3o not know that 1 have
cither stomach or nerves. The world
peerns like a plcr.lc. My flesh Is firm and
white and my complexion looks like I
had been through a course of beauty doc-
toring. New blood, you se-e, and plenty
of It. -.:.', ?,'
"I finally trt«>d a watering place, but
that did no pood. While there* I was at-
tracted to Grape-Xuts breakfast food. At
that lime I just barely tipped the scales
at 100 pounds and looked like a wreck and
was one. I found that the Grape-Nuts
food did rot distress my stomach and I
followed the directions a month, eating It
regularly.
"My liver was =o swollen it was Impos-
sible to He on my rifjM side, and every
thing- I ate poured and distressed me be-
yond the power of words to express. I
wa* irritable as a tarantula and weary all
the time, brain so dull that It was almost
Impossible to pull myself together enough
to dress.
She 5Rj-?; "I hare for years been ad-
dicted to meat, particularly pork pie. hot
biscuit?. EriMel'-akcs. etc. Have been
In ill-health for th*» past twelve years and
under the treatment of a number of doc-
tors. Wry f»orlous kidney and bladder
troubles s*t In: finally liver and stomach
trouble appears i.
¦When the human body is furnished with
food which satisfies its demands, the de-
cire for unnatural food, such as an excess
of eweers. rie, cake and all sorts of un-
•wise pr^pa ration? — disappears. A Cali-
foma woman's experience on food is valu-
able.
Brilliant Complexion.
Change of Food Brings Health, and
PIE AND HADES.
GBAPE-NUTS.
ADVEETJSEMENTS.
Our Corset Department ! Do You Want en Abdominal Support Annual White.Sale.
' Is fairly abloom with superb bar- a tr ?»xr-!?.' B ¦—— Before takins our AN-
grains such as should attract tho & fgg^OBE^?: S™. XX^
attention . of , every economical K-V . PORTER. / Apfl materially on lots we
woman In Frisco 7C_A It holds fast to the I \\i'. would rather sell than
woman in unsco. , /v^—ya corset and is sup*- Ak_A H. take account of.
Our great special this week is a fe=5(l fh^WnH Wma?! J^S^ ? N« »>«ter time tn huy
; ?7.50 .COESET-selling for ?2.75. (MM Sl^MtS? Toll kMJ . gi°' d £! {SlSJk^ ™1 S SS
It is the Gsnuhu LA VIDA, boned WFV« ens the corset nor fj •-, S? ei S "? SoSd Sy S '
with. Genuine, Whalebone, with - TT WV I Tl Vn^ °U TedSieVfK nw"^ TutThem
double side.- bones and rust-proof VM/ SomV^nT pro? % Tl for future u^
front steelsV/Wcut, hand-gored, AW] A t? c *t "uJS&SXK (Mm n^'of very^be.T^
, made of ] best .French jean, with HSLA £?'?£ s of eq s u °?£ \lr\ biSSS^ ffiSSS: &S
silk-embroadered flowers. -^f/^ wd with the wle- £85* width, all lengths. Our
. We are closing out this particu- VVl« IJ * JJ . brated Gotham rub- annual sale price 17c
lar^number of the La Vida Corset butto^ It9 pnpM lS5 t /2& o'e^ee^al B^S%J^S5 1 S?^S E -«S!Sd. O 4.
and. rather than have them to a glance and any woman wearing it framed back? front' and ffi
take up in stock-taking we have once will never be without it. it is sl2eg good wldth and | engtn> gpe-
,,, r . . __ Kn , . A O -7c made of best elastic and webbing. Our c j a iiy Dr iced . . 4r»e
. cut the price from $7.50 to $2.75. introduction price 25c Clauy prlcea •; "**»*-
' Sale O\Farrell-*'rreet Entrance. ANOTHER MISSES* HOSE SUP- A GAI!V. LATHES' GOWNS, made of
bale o barren srreet nuance. PORTER; made of the best lisle elas- best soft bleached muslin, double yok»
Our New Straiaht Front Corset Is tic rubber; button clasp 10e back, front yoke, made with cluster
vui new oiioiyiiiiiuiiiwiocv w CHILDREN'S- same quality as tucks and torchon lace Insertion, clus-
¦ the Talk of the Town. above^^. :.'....!. "...?^. ".15c t« tucked from ting*** h a |S^«g
It is made of -very best fast blao* , We QUARANTEE EVERY PAIR. j«e edged
French sateen, double side steels, rust _ . f fyFarroil «tret>t Kntra.net
proof front steel, bias cut. hand gored. Bargains of the Rarest and Most , Sale at OTarrell-atreet I^ntrance,
new low sloping bust; cut and gored - _ . _ . ». m—- . *«"-- ™ r~^, ..« *u~ m,«.,
so as to Rive the correct military Tempting Description. nere Are a tew ot me rvrany
' fStib" S'gSui T ?o^t ost madT; such grand values TfERE Money - Saving Opportumties
oSfe^^^SSPl^t'tn^tSSS^tn 1^ That Await the Thrifty Buyer in
#a D J!Jm™™ ra : mad. Our Handkerchief Department.
_ DO YOU DE- \$ . of very best quality Aus- LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS, made
r,-<>£ ' SIRE AN EASY /i-k tra i lan W .°°V 911 "!. 1^ of best Irishlawir. heinstltched and
6 i W • -IV CORSET? One that r^£;ii (X and medicated, high neck. trlmmed with flne fancy Uce. Only.Oc
' " \»\<k i T 2 allows thf hips full l!iJ]M*tJA lon & sleeves, neck finished « r »uv T.ADIFS' HAVnKFR
¦<T&fC\ me e n h i P no^ d ai a^z 0 e: fe, W ™\r1™ 0 . n :..^..*1.2r, *• ?««* la «^ Attractively priced
¦^_yjK§SiSr' It is the new Twen- W^fijV PANTS to match; same *
fmmm\ r.vV^r t«^ en 7^ r J K ¦' / quality as above- ankle A Few Items From Our Busy
a J' '1 fflL \ S^S LIST J i C ,9 R ' \\rMi length Sl.lio „ . _
\ tMxfe* I Fr^h 1^ 0 , st \rv also ladies- vests: Notion Department.
'•L^^Wi doubfe slde^ steels' H'M made of best quality shk BEST F\r,LT«!H
mS&mr* h=S rust-proof front W\ ri« V m ivS g nnRhS v<T^t^^ PATENT NOX-
T~". 8teels - th 8lIlt V;/ crocheted edee of Bilked nJOTlO^Nv TWISTING TAPB
elastlc pores over the hlpa. It is a cor- V7 S™«^ th^.flh Lnh «nv tT™ ¦¦ IV^ iY r\ le pieco
set hailed with delight by nil athletic }X f^ n A n artTcle our io JJa^C^SN^ BESTJAPAX^ED
women. The economists' prlce..81.OO F? cafled confpiutors^aVsi &ft^fi£&4 SAMFV 1 * I t UR '
U for Our price SI %O W_ I/5s£jr PINS, o packa?*^
A Striking Example of the Bargains " ' °. f ..^??™.!f..'.g5
in Our- lailor.na Department A Sure Cure for Rheumatism and /ffy^^m^% best temper-
I nmhflnn VcT >?Wvo^ /J ED STEEL CCRL-
. Illustrate clearly why Lumoago. ™ G TONGS, nat-
JKJk it is that the great ma- LADIES' UNDERVESTS; made of (b?£sS^i*& ural w oo«l bandies
J&jPV? jority of the people df- very b^st all-wool merino; steam 4 «
teCrfik r'aro our store to be the phrtink and merllcatfd: hiph neck. Ion- C ?KfJj2£S% \ BEST PHOEN'IX
(SD^B »wf ?SSL a ?« ?T-'Jfi Tel sieves; all bound with best quality WtS^W^ STEEL SAFETY
Ka^ij ab T le Ar\ la £l- t0 l^ A d ?f fHk binding and sewed with b4t ullk PI *S. any size
/PS/ft -1 MAnr^rriH! „ rf f thread; colors red. natural and "^§951 ,1c dozen
fftPf /It- S. sood aualitVw'o m i rhev ¦ Marked down for quick »«lUns; MSm BEST 9 T EEL,
l.\«J//A i\ . gauu quality wool cnev- jnlv *i t an ¦ »V»H HlTPtva i«.
ii\Ti/« M lot Kton or laokpt of y 5S.1 .O(l . j MAI f I JN H, Jet
* rKTv^'- cloth. velvet collar. positively -will not rust or tarnish
?t :M^>- 1 . skirt bound with best A GIOVP Onnnrtlinitv lMrtS doxen
i r • . r fast black velveteen. . •. « VW^e .upporiumiy. NEEDLES-BOOK containing Tour
all j welted seams, strictly man-tail- . 600 pairs CADIES' GLOVES, mada Packages needles, assorted darnlns
¦ pred, perfect nt and finish. No better of best quality wool cashmere. In needles and shawl Din» »e boolc
v\lu P e Ur .^r a^?..^...^.\... E r.B?W> l^lT^A^l^lt^. 11 : 0 Tid % nr S a?^Ue B s ACK HAIRBRtSH - -»-
Hi JOE ROSENBERG, "l™
9C, Wk. 816 Market Street, --* "™ tok;
• V#S RUNNING THROUGH TO II O'FARRELL. 12jc ySPd.
DISEASES X*§L uJ I CURE
•but W^^^^m^> THEM
ALL ! • STAY
TREAT. CURED.
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.
Longest Established, Most Succ«8sfn! and Reliable Specialist In Diseases of Man.
¦ Men, many of you ars now reaping the result of your former folly. Tour manhood la
falling «nd will soon be lost unless you do something for yourself. Th#r« is no Urn* to
lose. . Impotency/ like all sexual diseases, U never on th» standstill. With It you can
make no compromise. Either you must master it or it will master you and fill your whol»
future with misery and indescribable woe. I have treated so many caae« cj this kind that
1 am as familiar with them as you are with the very daylight. Ones cured by my treat-
ment you will never again be bothered with emissions, drains, Drematureness. small or
weak organs, nervousness, falling memory, loss of ambition or similar symptoms which rob
you of your manhood and absolutely unfit you tor study, business, pleasure or marriage.
My. treatment for. weak men win correct all these evils, and restore you to what naturv
Intended— a hale, healthy, happy man, with physical, mental and sexual powers eompleta.
I also cure to stay cured Private Diseases of any nature.
Varicocele, Stricture, Syphilitic Blood Poison,
- Nervo-Sexual Debility -
and all ; associate diseases and weaknesses of men. To tnese maladies alone I fcav* earnestly
devoted -the beat years of my life. Phytid&na havtar stubborn cases to treat are cordially
Invited to consult m». I charge nothing for pilvste counsel, and give to a patient a legal con-
tract to hold for my promises. Is it not worth your while to investigate a cure that has
ma£e life anew to multitudes, of men?
if you cannot call at my otaes, write me your symptoms fully. My home treatment by
correspondence U always successful. CONSULTATION FREE.
: '. The country Is" ftill ' of '" doctors who live nowhere, go everywhere, fore* themselves: upon
you. promise any thing: and do nothing but get your money, run away and stay away. Dr.
8« eany remain* in San Francisco. ¦
DR. F.L. SWEANY, 737 Market Street, San Franciss a.A Japanese Christian minister, . writing
of the divorces in Japan during a. recent
year, says there were 358,389 marriages
and 116,775 divorces. //:
The firm of John E. de Ruyter and Rob
ert C. Bolton sued the Western Union Tel
egraph' Company in the Justice Court
yesterday for $G4 damages alleged to have
been sustained as a result ot the com
pany's neglect to deliver a message sent
from here to Chicago. : _>V
Telegraph Company Sued.
Big Death Bate for December.
Statistician Griffin' of the Board of
Health reports that during the month of
December, 1900, 649 deaths occurred in this
city, which is the- largest death rate ever
recorded here. This -number does not in
clude the deaths on two military reserva
tions and the bodies found in the bay and
ocean. The average death rate is about
E50 per month, and the increase for De
cember is due to the prevalence of grip
and pulmonary diseases. . j ,:.
Tha Challenge Is Victorious.
At the Pattoslen great challenge eale
things are. lively in spite of the dull
month. It is low prices that make things
go at corner Sixteenth and Mission. • :
EXPBESSES BELIEF
WHEN SENT. TO JAIL
Mrs. Juanita Thompson Pleads Guilty
of Assault With, a Razor on
Her Husband.
Mrs. Juanita Thompson expressed relief
yesterday when sentenced by Judge
Dunne to six months in the County Jail
for assault with a deadly weapon on her
husband, known around the water front
as "Captain" Thompson. She said for
that period of time at least she wo.uld be
safe from abuse at her husband's hand*.
After several years of domestic discord
Mrs. Thompson finally sought peace in
an effort to end her husband's life, an<l
armed with a razor she nearly succeeded.
On being arraigned before Judge Dunne
yesterday Mrs. Thompson pleaded guilty
to the charge against her. but pleaded
for lenlencr at the hands of the court,
for. she said, her husband's cruel treat
ment of her drove her to commit the deed.
Judge Dunne said he sympathized with
her, but in view of the facts and the law
he had no alternative but to pronounce
judgment.
.The principal interest of the realty buy
ers continues to center in business prop
erties, although there are many inquiries
for eligible lots upon which to erect
flats. The builders of flats are numeroua
ly in evidence, as may easily be ascer
tained by reading the builders' contracts
going on record. At the same~time there
is a fair business in residence properties.
The demand for room on Market, street
is illustrated . by. the fact that a large
part of the space in the nine-story office
and store building to be erected by James
L. Flood on the old Baldwin Hotel site
has already been rented before any start
has been made to build. Albert Pissis will
be the architect for Mr. Flood.
Among the sales put on record during
the week were the following: ¦ .
Harris and Betsy Wolff to William Wolff,
south line of Fulton street. 88:6 feet east from
Polk, 27:6x120, $S000; Caspar and Sophie Zwier
lein to Henry Fulk. lot on the aouth line of
Sacramento street, 125 feet west irom Gough,
25xl37:ti, $10,500; T. B. and Annie E. L>raper to
Blanca W. Paulsen, east line of Tremont ave
nue, 79:6 feet south from Frederick street, 28:6
xSO, $5000; Calvin and-Janet Knickerbocker ' to
Mary K. Talbot, east line of Van Ness avenue,
75 feet north from Green street, 25x125, $12,500;
Herbert E. and Grace W. | Law to the 'Ruby
Hill Vineyard Company, norm corner of Mis
sion and Annie, 67:t>JtSu. $10,000; Sharon restate
Company to Thomas Crellin. southeast Una of
Mission street, 137:6 feet southwest from Sec
ond. 73 :6xS0, $75,000.
F. B. Surryhne reports the> following; re ¦
cent sales: ?
Lot on west • line of Steiner street, 65
feet south from McAllister, 27:6x105, $3250;
lot on the south line of McAllister
street, 150 feet west from Steiner, 25x137:6.
tZiM: lot on the north line of Halght street,
32:6 feet west from Devlsadero, 27:6x87:6, $3000;
lot on the south line of Golden Gate avenue, 75
teet west from WHIard street, 25x100, $500; lot
on the north line of Seventeenth street, 50 feet
west from Pond, 25x91:6, $1650; lot on the east
line of Guerrero street, 53 feet south from
Camp, 25x110:3. $2600; two flats on Guerrero
street, between Sixteenth and Seventeenth, and
lot 25x110:3, J6250; four tenements. 149-51 on the
southerly line of Clara street, between Fourth
and Filth, and lot 37:6x75 feet, $32W; double
liouse, 706 Pine street,, between Stockton and
Powell, and lot 40x59 feet, $4 G00; two fiats an-!
lot on the southerly line of Pine street, 123 feet
east from Franklin, 25x60, $4200; two flats at
4C25-27 Eighteenth street, between Noe and Cas
tro, 25x75, $3500; lot on the northwest corner
Douglass and Twenty-lourth streets, 32x125.
$11*0. ' ¦ ;.>. ¦.: Y,Viv- "-.
A. E. Buckingham reports a brisk in
quiry for lots and houses south of tin
park In Sunset district. He soid a house
and lot on the west side of Eleventh ave
nue. 175 feet north from I street, for. $3100.
Several houses will soon be built on block
C62 soon to be sold on installments.
Sol Getz & Bro. report tho following
sales :
25x100 south line of California street, 32:6 feet
east ofFifth avenue, J&00; 100x120, east line of
Thirtieth avenue, 200 feet north of II' street,
$500; 50x120. west line of Tenth avenue, 125 feet
south of N street, $600; 25x120. west line ot
Eleventh avenue, 150 feet north of J street,' J750.
cottage and lot, 50x70, north line of Wool street,
near Cortland avenue, J5S0; 25x120. west line ol
Eighth avenue, 250 feet south of H street, *iK>0:
one-story cottage and lot. 25x120, west line of
Fifth averue, 275 feet south of California street,
f 1300; 60x185:6, southwest corner of B street and
Twenty-sixth avenue, 'J5C0; three lots in block
B. and 'two lots in block C. in Oetz Addition to
Lakeview: £0x125, south line of Montana street,
125 feet west of Plymouth avenue, $200.
Sales In Oakland are reported by tho
Laymance Real Bstate Company of Oak
land as follows:
For Mrs. N. Madden to . R.' "vTllleke, 6-room
cottage and lot; 25x100, south side o£ Sixth
street, 125 east of Alice; L. E. Smith to F.-B.
Chad wick, lot StixlOO, northwest corner of Tenth
and Linden streets; for T. P. Hogan to Charles
G. Yale, elecant - residence of ten rooms c and
lot 70x140, on Euclid avenue, Adams . Point
property; W. H. Cornell to H. A. Bonestell.
two-story residence on McClure street, near
Twenty-ninth street and - Telegraph avenue,
McClure Heights; for Mrs. Nettie' Doyle to
Harry Wharton, lot 40x120,. north Bide of Thir
ty-fifth street, 100 feet east of West street,
upon which a two-story residence is under con
struction; for W. E. Clark to K. Dillet,*; a sub
urban home of 2 1-3 acres and Improvements, at
High street, Fruitvale; for Home Security
Building and Loan Association to H". P. Hunter,
two-story residence and lot. 40x125, west eldfc of
Piedmont avenue, 300 feet north of Mos/ ave
nue; for the C. S. Haley; esttae ¦ to Harry E.
Gordon, two two-story, "eight-room; houses,
each lot' 25x100, west side of Filbert street, 1 60
feet south of Eighth street; for C. E. Donnatln
to T. II. Dunnakln, lot 60x150. 'south side of
Nlckol avenue, 6U0 feet east of Fruitvale ave
nue; for TV J.- Cox to M.'B. Hoi comb, lot 30x126,
west Bide of Oakland avenue.. 65. feet s north ot
Moss avenue; for Mrs. K. K. , -Wheeler to
Thomas P. Hogan. lot 62x120, - southeast . corner
of Oak and Ninth street: also to same buyer,
lot 60x133. on the west side of Magnolia street,
100 feet north of Tenth;?for A. K. Munson to
Dr. Austin Miller, lot 40x150, on the east side of
Monte Vista avenue, 200 feet south of. Oakland
avenue. • Linda Vista: terrace, upon . which an
elegant home is to be constructed.
A. M. Speck & Co. have sold for MarU
Lada to Mrs. Elizabeth Strother Droperty
on the aouth line of Post: Btreet.* 137:6 fe«t
west from Polk. <; The; lot- haa on it a ten
rccm house. Th© same brokers have also
fold for^the Reinsteln heirs a house and
lot on the north- line of Eddy street, 30
feet west from Leavenworth, for $14,250.
The lot is 31:6x137:6. They have also leased
the premises at 1122 and 1124 Market street
and 19 Turk street, for Jane Pomeroy to
Jacob Gordon for five yearn for $36,000.
Easton & Eldridge will auction realty on
Tuesday. :.'.•¦-:¦ --.:!; <»><¦ :- «:•-¦ < . .•<
James Strauss will" build' a* three-stonr
structure to contain flats, on the south
line of Ellis street, between Laguna and
Buchanan, the cost of which is estimated
at about $10,000. •-*'¦,
The conduits and electric wirlnjr for the
11-story building that Alvinza Hayward
is erecting on the northeast corner of
California and Montsomery streets will
cost $7800. ¦
Improvements continue to eo up on the
Nineteenth avenue boulevard', v Herbert
F. Brown has contracted for a two-story
residence near I street.
Paul Strickert will build a three-story
structure to contain fiats on the east line
of Jessie street, 88:4 feet south from Thir
teenth.
The Meyer Estate Company has con
tracted for the erection of a two-story
and basement frame building containing
eight flats, to stand on the south line of
Post street. 191:3 feet east from Fillmore,
to cost $16,500.
The fireproof floors and roof arching for
the building in process of construction for
the Crocker heira at the southeast corner
of First and Mission streets will cost $30,
400. The terra cotta work will cost $23,700.
P. T. Snrague will put up a two-story
and basement residence on the north line
of Green street. 80 feet west from Web
ster,, to cost $3600.
Captain William G. Lcale will build a
$9000 residence on the north line of Valle-
Jo street, 105 feet east from Fillmore.
The larger mortgages of the week are as
follows:
'< M. B. Kellogrg and Henrlette Levlson to the
Pacific "Mutual Life Insurance Company- of
California for ?50.ooo, north line of Sutter, 70
feet cast from Kearny. 101x119; Charles and
Jare Kerr to Ferdinand Rels for $12,500, prop
erties on First and Second avenues and also
In Kern County; estate of J-oseph Ross to the
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society for $48,000,
southwest line of Third, 120 southeast from
Market. 25x75. south line of Ellis, S2:6 east
from Jones, 27:6x137:6, south line of Bush, 137:6
east from Stockton, 45:10x137:6; William H.
Norton and William H. Chapman, trustees,
to the Hibernla Saving and Loan Society for
$13.SC0, southeast corner Broderick ¦ and O'Far
rell; Orville D. "Baldwin to the city and coun
ty of San Francisco" for $16,220, southwest line
of Third, 25 fe«?t southeast from Minna; Brr
saKlftre Building and Hall Association to s the
Columuus Bank for $20.(X)0. southwest corner
of Union and Stockton, 6S:9xll5. .
The. largrer, releases • ind reconveyances 1
that have been recorded are as follows:
San Francisco ' Savings Union to Martin
KretO!>zyner. south line of Sutter, 68:9 feet west
from Polk. 68:9x120. $12,000; Isaac Kohn to Dan
iel .F. Walker, southeast • corner Montgomery
and Clay. 60x59:6, $35,000; Union Tru*t Com
pany to Joseph . M.-, and Jessie- T. Macdonough.
southwest corner of Eddy and" Laguna, and
eoveral properties '. on Lajruna, ;.-- $40,000; San
Francisco Savings Union : to - Herbert E. Law,
north corner of Mission and Annie. 57:6x80,
$20,000; German Savings and Loan Society to
Hc-iiry D. and Elizabeth J. Ellerthorst. south
1 line of Pine street, 80 feet east from Laguna,
27:6x137:6. $11,600. „ ,- :,, -.,.".¦-
The proposition of building a large hotel
on the southeast corner of Market and
Eighth streets on the double 100- vara lot
running through to Mission street, owned
by Andrew B. McCreeiy. is under discus
sion.- It may be constructed by a syndi
cate. Mr. McCreery partly confirmed the
story yesterday ..that a large.lhotel ; would
be put up. "It j Is. very likely," he said,
"that .Market street will have , a : great
structure,, but It will not 'necessarily be
on my land. There are wealthy men In
the city who believe that a ereat hotel
out near the Postofflce would pay. Noth
ing has been definitely decided." Mr. Mc-
Creery says that no decision may le
reached for some months.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
"Willis E. Tobey, to Eunice A. Tobey, lot on
W line of Larkln street, 87:(J N of Lombard.
N,25:by W 87:6; : gift.
Caroline E. ; Vane - (by. ; M. P. i Vandal!, com
missioner) to : German ; Savinj« and Loan • So
ciety, lot on S line ; of Oak street. .112:6 E of
Buchanan. E 25 by .S 120: J4S5O. • ¦ = - - .
Max and Sarah Conn to Morris Levy, : lot on
N line of Sinter street,, 87:6 E ol Buchanan,
E 25 by N 112:6; $10. - :>
Morris Levy to Ray Levy, tame; sift.
John H. Mallett Jr. to . Harriet F. Mallett.
lot-on N-1 line of Vallejo street; 34:4 E of
Steiner, E 61:2 .by N 137:6; .Klft.. ;
Babetta MoeKlln* . to Peter Dean. lot : on • 8
line of Jackson street, 92:3 B of Maple. E 75,
S 127 :SVl. \V 23:3%, N 8:8%. "W 63:1%. N 119:1;
J10. ¦;¦¦'¦ ¦¦' •-" - ¦ ¦• :-. •-•.- ¦ ¦:.¦-* - ¦-¦¦¦ v: - ¦¦..,-
Annie Kendrick (by M. F. Vandall. com
missioner) to s German . Lavlnsrs and Loan . So
ciety, lot oniE line of Sanchez street; 114 S
of Twenty-second. " S 22:6 byE100; = JH10. _•' -.
Howard . and Mary A. ; Morton to , Thomas
Canty, lot on -N line of Pacific* street. 45 E
of Jones. N ,60,, E 47:8, S to a point, W 47:7?4:
;. fV,W. Kampe toLtyiM. Kello^r. lot on KTW
line of Natoma street. ' 308 :6 SW of First, . S W
25<by,N"W-75; *10. - :¦---.: .'_,:,
Thorna* F. and Amelia M.: Mitchell to C"A.'
Mitchell, lot on W line of Utah street. 15 N
of Twenty-fifth (Yolo), N 25 by W 100; $10.
C. A. Mitchell to Thomas Mitchell, same; $15.
Maud A. ¦ and , Harold Glrvin to James and
BUa Harris, lot on S line of Lake street. 57:6
E of Twenty-fourth avenue, E 25 by S 100; J5.
Mary P. Lloyd to Frederick S. Lloyd Sr..
lot on W.line of Seventeenth avenue. 1S5:S S
of R jstreet, S 25 by W 120; $1.
James CKHalloran to Henry F. Blanchet Jr.,
lots 12 and 13, block 8, People's Homestead,
Tract A; $10.
Cavarly Estata Company (corporation) to
James \V. Barry, lot on N corner of M atrtet
and Thirteenth avenue south. NB 100 by NW
75, block 249,. South San Francisco Homestead
and Railroad Association; $1000.
Frank B. Cavarly to same, same. Quitclaim
depd; J5. /
Anna B. Henzel (wife of Edward E\), Julia
F. Hulme (Cavarlj* (wife of Edwin P.), and
Jennie D. and John Cavarly to same, same:
$10. .
».hen Morrell applied for the money he
discovered that Adams had written to the
quartermaster in Seattle to forward the
check direct to him here, which was done
and the check was cashed.
quartermaster here after receiving $53
irom the money lender. .
Charles H. Morrell. money lender,
Hearst building-, secured a warrant from
Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest of
John C. Adams on the charge of grand
larceny "by trick and device. The amount
Involved is $C3.
Morrell alleges that on December 20 Ad
p.rr.s called at his effice and showed him
a. letter from the e.uartern-.aste-r at the
enny post in Seattle to the quartermaster
p.t the army post here, instructing the
]ntter to pay Adams $10y. He asked Mor-
Tt>\l for clti advance and gave him a power
of attcrn ey to receive the $100 from the
SIOXEY-LEirDEK TBICKED
3Y SMABT AB2IY ULAN
Warrant Is Oat for the Arrest of
John C. Adams for Grand
Larceny.
MOSS' -GLOVE STORE,
J210 Market St., bet. Taylor and Jones. •
120 dozen ladies' two-clasp French kid In
all colors and sizes. A stylish and durable
$1 glove for €5c.
Bargains in men's gloves.
50 dozen children's fine kid gloves In
browns and tans, formerly sold at 75c and
$1.00, reduced to 4Sc.
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday spe
cial:
Kid Gloves Sacrificed.
Hidden Advocates of the Scheme.
Yet It -Is the only reason Mayor Phelan
gives for his urging that Ingleside be re-
San Francisco, it would seem, has had
enough of this. sort of gayety and sport.
It has paid more. than money for the lux
ury of Ingleside and its gamblers. It has
paid a dreadful price in honor and life,
and Mayor Phelan's suggestion that we
should reopen Ingleside simply for an op
portunity to dissipate and to license what
he calls pickpockets to prey upon us is
not likely to be accepted by the people of
San Francisco.
So extraordinary is this assertion of
Mayor Phelan that it might be reasonable
to suppose by his supporters that in
any newspaper . he had been misquoted,
but upon that question he has himself
left no doubt. He gave another inter
view yesterday to still another newspaper,
an evening sheet, which has frequently
enjoyed his patronage and in this inter
view he goes even further In extravagance
of support to Ingleside than he did in The
Call. In this second interview to another
paper Mayor Phelan says that he believt %
the people of San Francisco snuuiu ue'ai
iowed thirty days of dissipation, in which
they may relax their rules of life and in
dulge in gayety. And Mayor Phelan says,
in this, second interview, that the losses
which the public incur at the racetrack Is
part of the price which the public pays
for the sport. ;
The position assumed by Mayor Phelan
In this serious afialr seems to be almost
inexplicable, and it has occasioned the
most widespread comment. In an inter
view yesterday morning in The Call he
made the extraordinary assertion that he
wished to have Ingleside reopened for a
period of;thirty days every year — not be
cause he wished to encourage a legitimate
sport, because he believes he would not,
nor because he wishes to see, the people of
San . Francisco ; enjoy a healthful recrea
tion, but because he wishes to have the
people of San Francisco sunk in moral
drunkenness, in dissipation, for ¦ thirty
days, while a set of thieves whom he
would set loose upon unsuspecting vic
tims picked their pockets under license of
law. -i.-'P^
Pickpockets as Civilizers.
ble in a ¦way -which only an extraordinary
emergency could suggest. The pastor and
his congregation will assemble in mass
meeting to .denounce . the reopening of
Ingleside racetrack and to petition the
Board of Supervisors by resolution not to
revive the curse of bookmaking and pool
selling in this city simply to give to a set
of thieves the right to pick our pockets
and make innocent youth pay for ¦ the
crimes of the rascals we will be forced
to entertain. The First Methodist Church
Is one of the most Influential in the city
and the public is invited to attend its
mass meeting this evening.
The efforts of the track gamblers to re
open Ingleside racecourse and to estab
lish bookmaking and poolselling and their
train of evils in this city have arouse-1
people of all classes to determined protect
and opposition. The extraordinary posi
tion taken by Mayor Phelan in open,
earnest advocacy of the scheme because
he believes that a &et of gamblers, now
prevented from operating, should have*
full sway for thirty days, has startled thd
community as it has been by no other
official act of the Mayor.
The disgraceful project and the s*»rlou«5
menace Involved in the indorsement of
Mayor Phelan were topics oi absorbing
discussion yesterday by business an* pro
fessional men, merchants and ministers
and even' other reputable class of citi
zens. It was determined to take Instant
action to prevent the proposed outraes
arid it Is satisfactory at least thatif tho
conspirators present their measure to
morrow morning -it will not be . adopte-.l
without a protest which will show, that
the decent people of this city will not
submit without a struggle to this attack
upon their rights. £_
In every part of San Francisco to-day
ministers of the Gospel holding widely
different shades of religious opinion, wor
shiping under many different forms and
in many different sanctuaries, will sup
plement their regular services with ap
peals to their copgrecatlons for the sake
of their homes and their families and for
the community in which they live not t<>
permit this threatened renewal of a crim
inal traffic and th© revival of a dread in
fluence in San Francisco.
Citizens to Protest in Mass Meeting.
These congregations in the agregate will
number thousands of the reputable-people
of this city, men and women who have
something at stake more sacred than that
which interests Mayor Phelan— the giving
to a set of gamblers the shameful privi
lege of picking the pockets of San Fran
ciscans for thirty days every year. These
congregations represent all that is best
in the life of this city, its substantial com
merce, its .commercial success, the^ hon
esty of Its. young men, the honor of its
women, the sanctity and integrity of its
homes. And the Board of Supervisors will
be asked to heed the protests which in
the name of these congregations will be
voiced to-day. . " t
One of the most significant of these
meetings will be held to-night at the First
Methodist Episcopal Church on Powell
street,' near Washington. - The. regular
Sunday evening service of prayer will be
abandoned and at 7:30 o'clock the congre
gation, under the leadership of their pas
tor. Rev. L>r. Frank IC Baker, will assem-
SAN FRANCISCO REAL ESTATE MARKET
opened. And he declares that the succes
sors orCorrigan, Ullman and the gam
blers who ruined Ingleeide as a resort of
nigh class sport are sharpers who have
the same methods, the same schemes, the
same wretched, criminal devices of those
who preceded them and were driven from
this community. Mayor Phelan himself
calls them pickpockets and their game a
dissipating luxury for which the people of
San b ranclsco must pay dearly.
Even If the advocates of a revival of
track gambling were to forget themselves
and plead that their criminal game can
be made profitable without robbing the
public, a few facts, plainly stated, would
destroy their plea. Track gambling as
practiced here gives ample proof that it
cannot bft indulged except at a terrible
cost to the community in which It is per
mitted.
Vultures Feeding on. the Public
The books of the racing association
show that 1750 horse3 are in training here.
It requires $2 a day for every horse kept
in training, which means that for this
item alone S3M0 a day must be paid. It is
not paid by the horsemen, for they must
have a profitable business or leave It. It
is not paid by the bookmakers, for no one
ever accused th/m of philanthropy. It
is not paid by the association, as it is
not lrythe business of maintaining charity
stables. 1 The money Is paid by. the pub
lic, which gambles and must support th«
game it plays before a dollar comes back
to it. ¦ But $3500 a day for training horse3
is not the only item -which the public must
pay before It wins. . -
Tho bookmakers themselves must be
cared for by the very people -they- rob.
On an average twenty bookmakers "cut
in," or offer wagers, every day. For thin
privilege each bookmaker pays every day
to the association $120, or for them all a
total of $2400. To this must be added an
expense of $50 every day for each book
maker for clerical- expense, making-$10oO
more, or a total of $5400.
The bookmakers must obtain this money
from some source or go out of business:
they cannot gamble and lose, for few of
them go to jail. They cannot get the
money from the horse owners, for they
have their own tremendous expenses. The
association certainly will 'not pay it and
there is but one other source — the public,
which, on an average, pays the book
makers $3400 a day for the privilege of
¦ gambling. There is little wonder, that
Mayor Phelan calls his proteges pick
pockets.
But still the. terrifying cost of a race
course to a community in which it exists
has not all been told. The racing asso
ciation must- give purses. One of them
gave in one day not long since $2620. The
association does not pay it, but somebody
does, and'the public can guess who. When
the startling: fact is taken Into considera
tion that racing has been permitted for
150 days every year in this city, the
enormous cost to the city in money may
be estimated. And Mayor Phelan is mis
taken when he says that it would simply
be pocket-picking to permit the game for
thirty days. It would be a gigantic high
way robbery protected by municipal
criminal indulgence.
Plan of Mayor Phelan. and His^Hidden Proteges to
Give Us 'Thirty- Days a Year of Dissipation
and Thieves Arouses Widespread Indignation
CITIZENS WILL ASSEMBLE
TO DENOUNCE THE SCHEME
TO REVIVE TRACK GAMBLING
THE SAN FRANCISCO ML^^
ALSO
22
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
P. ROMCOB lIcXULTY. 31. D. *
2OJi RearnyWt, »an Fraa^lwco.CaL
DR.MCNULTY.
1'HIS WblL-KN'OWN ASD RKLIABLE OLD
8pf«l*:Ut «t<TM B lood Poison ,< JonorrhCBH, O ! ee t,
«trk 1 tun*,H*>mlti«nV«itnes!». ImrMiUnce and their
al.'tixi Disorders. Hook on Di.MM»» f '!' «>* Metj, froa.
OTrrC0Tear» # exper*£ii5"e.T»rin^r«w>nab<e. Hoars
9to3daily ;8::» to*. »e^'K^sund»Ts.iofc>ii consul-
tation freeand sacredly confidential. Call o? address
I DR. PIERGEJS ELEGTRIG BELT
? America Ahead of the World In Dectrical Iirren-
• tlon-t! ETerybodr fcnow» t2ii»! Our new KoUr-
? Battery. (U. S. Fa tent> i» strictly aa American
[inTentton— TII«£ B«lt of the. Centary. It kikIi »
, po werf til, reversible current through the human
.body from ilp«.| to |>o«i. curing Chronic and
.Xerrons Diseaact and We*lit***ot 3U> or Female
. as If by Magte. So poaitlTe are we that no other
. bolt U the eqiul of •* I>r. 11erre'»." lhat we win Mod
• it «»S APPUiiiAI. for comr-arliion with aor belt
| now told In Amenea. " wew U ISelieviag."
. X0TE.-W'e nerer ifntl r*'t« "On Trial," tiers-
> fore In orderuuc "Dr. fierce'*" no r!»k to run of
*¦ eontracttnif ->>.in m.».r or otiier l>l*orders by
*n*ln« an appU&nra pre»l«ii«l»' w»r» fc» ««h«-r
r p«na<u. Call, or *rnd a S-~ iitamp for new "Booklet
t So.if Addrew: PIERCK KI.KCTR1C CO.
L 1 145 r.nwilwar, (near i«th St.) »w York,
I Or 62U Market Street. San Francisco.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 60c flask Richards & Co., 406 Clay. *
Buy Vesuvius, Is the proper action before the
price Is advanced ; 40c. Dr. J. S. Potts, Parrott
buildlnr. , . .. •
We're .Still
Doing Business*
We had a little blaze
the other day, but it
didn't amount to
much — we're still sell-
ing furniture, carpets
and household goods,
carload after carload,
; on our popular "Little-
at-a-Time" pay ment
plan. We have a big
" special in view for next
week. Watch for it.
THE J. NOON AN
. FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.
1017-1023 MISSION STREET
Above CO), San Francisco.
PHONE-SOUTH 14.
&te NEW STYLES'
\ ) Straight - Front
4k CORSETS.
/ /Ss^^Hf Sapphire. Bonton and
I /vCr£~P Roy* 1 Worcester*.
I ( Vvwiv PBICE3: $100 to $15.00
rWik 6 GEARY ST.,
// A ai CORNER KEARNT.
Ljs^J\ { 'i CHESTER F. WRlfiHT,
AytittA Royal Worcester Corset-
• VL - i ' ' Ftttln* Parlors
BPKCUL JANUARY SALE IT & /.OO PER PAX2.
Fine lot, some 2000 pairs of new shapes.
Many of them are slightly soiled samples.
Just received from the Chicago wholesale
department. Will be cleared out at 51 *
pair during this month.
Prior to our SEMI-ANNUAL STOCK-TAKING, which
takes p 7 ace THURSDAY, Januaru 31st, we win orrer
Extraordlnaru Values In our Housekeeping Goods
Departments.
NOTE THE FOLLOWING:
80 Pairs ALL-WOOL WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
weight five pounds] these Blankets are full size....
• Price S4.OO Pair
125 Extra Fine SNOWFLAKE COMFORTERS, with French
printed, sateen- covering, full size and trull ted......
................Price $3.00 Each
200 Pairs LACE CURTAINS, full length and width, Yeru
handsome desjgns In Madras Net and Imitation
Battenherg • Price $3.00 Pair
150 Pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, all new colorings}
these Portieres are In one and two pair lots
— Price $2.75 '.and S4.OO Pair
90 Pieces SCOTCH CURTAIN MUSLIN; 36 Inches In width
(pure white) and 12 different patterns
: -Price IOc Yard
3 Cases Best Qualltu 36-INCH ART DENIMS, 40 dirrerent
designs, also pialn colors.... "....Price 15c Yard
100 Dozen IRISH .HUCK TOWELS, alreadu hemmed anl
borders assorted, warranted pure linen, size 19x39..
..:....................... Price S2.5O Dozen
165 Dozen- FINE SATIN DAMASK NAPKINS, full 25
inches srjuarej these Napkins are all odd, as we
have no cloths or damasks to match
¦. Price $3.00 Dozen
75 DOUBLE SATIN DAM ASK CLOTHS, 3 nardS long and 2
uards wide, beautiful designs. Price $3.50 Each
. 25-lnch Napkins to match ahoye cloths.
111. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVSBTIS.K ffl KTITS.
ADVERTISEMUNTS.
I [ultra-> • Woman's Slioej j
I From a WQ^a"'^ Po In t jof View 1
I 1 IT'S FIT FOR A QUEEN. I
| S3.50 $3,50 I
\ i Style 601 Full-dre33 I
II t^T**& a THE Debutante" I
$3.50 x $3,50 I
| The "Ultra" shoe is conceded to be the most shapely and . ra
\ 1 comfortable shoe made to-day for women. It is made from «B
| M the best of leather and by the best shoemakers. These M
§ facts have for many months been advertised in all the high- H
I class journals andmagazines throughout this .country and H
f !j Europe. That the shoe itself merits all the statements made la
I in regard to its worth is evidenced by the fact that the.fac- ffl
•j I tory manufacturing the "Ultra" is crowded with orders from ||
I the bejrinnine of the year until its end. The shoe is made in fn
I all the new lasts and of all the beautiful and latest leathers. «
* X e carry them in all widths and sizes— because we are m
the sole agents in this city for the "Ultra", and must satisfy e9
* all people wishing to buy them. 11
I We wish you to call and see this shoe before you buy \ §3
f-g your next pair. < B
U H. LESSER, F*ROFRIETOR, 1
I 717 MARKET STREET, Near Third, San Francisco. i
Special Prices for This
Week on Fine Taffetas
We offer three silk bargains below that embrace
seme of the finest silks that can be had anywhere for
the price. We advise calling early, as we find that
our special silk sales are watched with interest.
Some of the lots may not last many,days.
Black Taffeta Fancy Taffeta
Silks, 70c. Silks, 49c.
This special lot of heavy grade ,. w h?t .are left -of this beautiful
':. ¦.-¦¦. _ . line ot colored fancy striped tafteta
black taffeta silks, a good wearing s ; lks must be closed out this week.
quality, 27 inches wide, which al- The y ar « X 9 and 20 inches wide and
, , ... „ , in a great variety of styles. Regu-
ways sold readily at $1.00 per yard. i ar - sc an< i g Sc grades.
This Week, Per Yard, TOc This Week, Per Yard, 49c
Columbia Guaranteed
Black Taffetas.
These silks are manufactured especially • for us and are stamped
with our mark, "K. S. & F." We know the quality of the Columbia
Taffeta Silks, and our guarantee goes with every yard sold.. If it do^s
not give j'ou absolute satisfaction return it and we promptly return
your money. . • .
19 inches wide Per Yard ;i75c
21 inches wide Per Yard 85c
23 inches wide.. Per Yard $1.OO
Laces, Trimmings, Etc.
Special bargains in Torchon laces, edging and insertions, varying
in width from 1 to 3 inches, all at the uniform price of Pep Yard c
Special lot of black percaline lining. Moire finish. : The regular 20c
quality — . . . Special Per. Yard I5c
This week all lines of dress trimmings, boleros andyoke fronts — many
desirable styles in black and colors — at about one-half former prices.
On sale at both our stores, free delivery m city and bay towns. Stamping
free on all goods brought to us to be enbroiderzd. Lessons giren in embroider/.
¦ 1 1 vi " Half-price Sale of Balny-Day a
¦ I k ° 7 Dresses, Tramping Dresses and I
1 \ Golfing Dresses. They're all this ¦
B Y \ "*y season's styles and made of spe- ¦
B A] w dally. Imported Plaid-Back Cloths, M
Hi / \$\ M Eton or Blouse Effects. 6a
Kl / / - \\ $15.00 Rainy Day Dresses, now <tTJ>O Bl
BH II \\ ¦ $20.00 Oolflns Dres'ses, now ftlO.OO nl
¦ I II \\ I2I.C0 Tramping Dresses, now $11.T»O M
¦ B ' / // \ \ ' $25.00 Golfing Dresses, now .$12.50 , I
II 7 I \\ RAINY-DAY SKIRTS. ||
IB / \\ \\ I12.M to U4.C0 Rainy Day Skirts, with ii
HB /A 'LJ: \ A ' yoke and buckle effett. now t$7JiO Hi
¦ I .'. $5.00 All-Wool Rainy Day Skirts, now... 93.00 ||
V .^^^^ . AUTO BOX JACKETS. I
¦ $l».00 Plaid Back Covert Cloth Jackets, a
¦ 1 HSS SEASON'S JACKETS * 16 - M Kersey Jackets, nilk lined, now.. 91 2.SO I
H $10.00 Tan 1 Overt Cloth »MJ0O Kersey Jacksa. very elegant. B
H Jackets, now fS.OO now "- • •• ' 915.00 H
¦ $12.60 Kersey Cloth; Jack- . 7 Q
iH ; ' 4 * 7 LOKG AUT0M0B1E COATS. j|
81 «5.00 to $10.00 Fur. Co'llarettes. * 2 J E0 Lon * Auto Coats - blacks and^ H |
¦¦• satin lined, now...... $3 to tans, now f 18.00 ¦¦
¦1 16 inches deep Plain China Seal *35-C0 Long; Auto Gaits, satin ilned. g «•
HI Fur Capes. . also some with now f22J5O BH
B 9 1 Astradsan ' yoke. - satin lined, $47.50 Long Auto Coats, very elegant. ' ¦¦
IB worth $15.CO, now.. ....910.OO now ....$30.00 &X
ffl COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY FILLED.SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 27, 1901.
„ - - ¦ ¦
Inquisitors Spend a Day at San Quentin and Find
' Much to Condemn in Lax System of Keeping
Accounts While Praising- Discipline of Prison
INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE
OF THE SENATE CRITICIZES
AGUIRRE'S BUSINESS METHODS
Autopsy Surgeon Bacigalupr performed
an autopsy on the remains of the [ female
child found floating In the bay, yesterday
and found that It was dead! when thrown
into the -bay. ; Its : death was' caused by
acute bronchial pneumonia. "The. child
was found in a sack near the; foot of
Fourteenth street by Adam -"Stewart. -', It
was evidently about a week old.
Dead Child Thrown Overboard.
At , the semi-annual election ; of the San
Francisco^ Labor, Council the following of
ficers were elected: President,. W. H. Goff;
vice president, H. Glbb; recording 'arid
corresponding; 'secretary.- Ed Rosenberg:
financial' secretary,-. C. , HV_ Parker;, treas
urer,. N. W. Hall; ;sergeant-at-arms, F
Barnett. . Organizing ". committee— A. ' R
Andre. 1 P. Barnett, N. ; W.' Coffee,' W. H v
Goft and A:' Iten." " Trustees— A: E. Rowe'
Charles ¦ F. Schuppert r and s H.^ Gallagher!
Law and < legislative ¦ committee— J • K
Jones, W. Macarthur, C. H. Parker, A. !<:!
Wray and T. | E. Zant. '-. Executive commit
tee — F. > Barnett, - A-'. Iten, . I. ; Less ; and O
Schultx. '.
Labor Council Officers!
been terrific. Not a thing In the cellar
escaped. ' Gas and water pipes - were
twisted out of shape and the heavy steel
girder which supported the sidewalk was
torn .from its fastening and bent. The
merchandise store of Quong Mow Lung &
Co., directly over the wrecked ; basement
was not damaged, though its occupants
were given a Foare. ,...,-. ¦'¦«-;
place. In one of the rooms Chan Pon, a
cigar picker, was found dead, and in an
other room, Chan Lock, his cousin, was
picked up from among the debris. He was
still breathing and the police had him hur
ried In the ambulance to the Receiving
Hospital, where it was found that besides
being- badly shaken up by the explosion
ne was" in a serious condition, due to
asphyxiation.
The attendants worked on Lock for a
long while, but at a late hour were un
able to restore him to consciousness.
How the accident happened, is. not
known. A Chinaman, who was In the cel
lar when the explosion occurred, declared
; that early in the evening one of the men
complained that gas was leaking into the
place and soon afterward' he was seen
searching for the leak with a lamp in his
hand. .• ... ..• -
The : force of : the • explosion • must* have
An explosion cf gaa In the lodging-house
!n the basement of the building at MG
"Washington street last night, resulted >n
the death of one Chinaman, the severe
end perhaps fatal injury of another and
the total wrecking of the half-doxen
rooms and their contents.
Shortly before S o'clock the residents in
tne vicinity of Stockton and Washington
streets were startled by a loud report, but
¦were unable at first to locate the spot
where It had occurred. A CMnaman with
his queue ablaze rushed from the cellar
and yelled that the house was on fire.
What fire was in the basement was eas
ily extinguished. Chairs, tables and
buska were scattered broken about- the
An alarm was turned In from box 293
and wa» quickly responded to, but there
was little work for the firemen to do.
- Professor W./-W. , Campbell; 'director of
the Lick > Observatory, lectured : last night'
before ' the Astronomical - Society I of , the
Pacific/ on , observations i made; with -the
Mills spectfograph • to determine the mo
tion of the solar system. He said that it
had b«en found from; the observation of
about - three hundred : stars *by ¦¦ means . of
the spectrograph that; the solar system
Is moving toward a point In the sky about
17 'degrees south of the bright 'star Vega,
at a speed of twelve and a half miles a
second. It was also found. that the aver
age" speed -of : stars ;¦ was • much • greater:
probably about twenty-one miles a second
— the ~ faint stars '". moving ; more .- rapidly
than the -brighter ones. • • ..-.%-,
"Cessation r : in ¦ the ¦ motion of heavenly
ing Astronomical Discoveries.
tory Lectures on ; Recent Interest-
Professor Campbell of Lick ', Observa-
EEVELATIONS MADE BY: >
MILLS' SPECT BOGBAPH
bodies," said the professor, "would mean
catastrophe. Were the moon to cease re
volving it would be dashed to the earth
or if the earth became stationary it would
be . Inevitably drawn to the blazing sur
face of the sun. Of the 300 stars observed
thirty-four of them were found to be
bright double stars. .The others have ap
parently dark and Invisible companions.
This arrangement is entirely different
from that of the solar system. In which
nearly the entire mass is contained In the
central sun. The fact that so many of
these bright double stars have been dis
covered " has led to a very strong sus
picion that the solar type of system is
not of the prevailing type. I 'should not
be surprised if the future extension of
observations should lead to the discovery
that one star In every three or four is a
spectroscope binary." ¦
David Sheehan. a laborer, was arrested
yesterday by Detective Harry Reynolds
and booked at the City Prison on a charge
of grand larceny. The complaining wit
ness is W. H. Marlow, a cigar dealer at
1075 Market street.
Last Tuesday while Marlow's wago?
was standing In front of his store some
one drove off with It. It contained 60O
boxes of cigars, 10,000 cigarettes. SO
cheroots and forty pounds of tobacco. A
boy was discovered in the Mission on Fri
day selling one of the boxes of stolen
cigars, and he said that Sheehan was giv
ing the boxes to boys to sell.
Two search warrants were obtained yes
terday, but when Detective Reynolds vis
ited the places designated he could not
find any trace of the stolen goods.
David Sheehan, a Laborer, Arrested
and Charged With tha
Theft.
WAGON-LOAD OP CIGASS
AND TOBACCO STOLEN
Accident Occurs at 84&> Washington Street Through a Careless
Mongolian Searching, for a Leak With a Lamp.
Temporary— W. IX. Hewitt, chief elec
trician; P. S. Benjamin, Inspector; W. F.
Wedemeyer, James J. Gorman, D. M
Ahem and John F. Ryan, linemen.
Permanent — W. ' L. Goodwin, Charles M
Allen, W. A. Case. Frank Bishop. Josepli
R. Blakeley and W.J. Nixon, operator*"
Gustave H: Divorack, ' Harry R. Brown'
Frank Elckhoff and Anton Clock, instru
ment makers: Francis E. Haskell. Jere
miah C. Counihan; Bonnie Brown, Thomas
Douglas, 'James T. Kearney/ Frederick F
Dunne and Michael J. Sullivan, linemen:
Arthur Kempston.'W. G. Pennvcook 'Da
vid T. Griffith and JonnC. Kelly, repair
ers. 1 '" . ' .-' :.,- ¦ ¦ ¦, * - .. - ¦.
The Joint boards of the Fire and Police
Departments at a • meeting Friday . even
ing made the following appointments in
the Department of Klectriclty, which is
under their control:
Others Named for Department
of Electricity. ' '
APPOINTMENTS BY FIRE
AND POLICE BOARDS
Electrician, Operators, Linemen - and
Whether Susan Mulkey of Tacoma diei
in the Royal House by her own hand will
in. all probability never be known^ The
inquest held yesterday by Coroner - Le
land resulted In a verdict of suicide. E.
E, Rosling, the young attorney who oc
cupied the position of a friend and legal
adviser to^the girl and her mother, and
the mother herself *ieclare the verdict en
outrage and point to the last wor,ds Su
san was heard to utter: "nl.'.mma. we
must make haste and see all there is to
see,; for as soon "as , thls^Nome business
is settled we must go home,", as evidence
of her normal frame' of mind.
This was said as Mrs. Mulkey and Res
ling left the room .. after - the' latter ; hail
told the girl that thetitle to the Nome
mining claims the daughter had taken up
was. owing to faulty deeds, ; likely to
prove valueless. He said yesterday, how
ev*«r, ¦ that he did not declare =. all hop*?
gone; indeed, he held out every encour
agement' of a speedy ¦ adjustment/
Rosling, who Is a Tacoma attorney, had
Mrs. Mulkey, after testifying at the In
quest, was almost completely prostrated,
but when Informed of the verdict seemed
to undergo a fresh shock. »
"It is an outrage." she said. "My daugh
ter did not— could not— kill herself. Ye*.
it Is true that she wad careless In clean
ing the pistol on Thursday, but tnen sh-j
was always ratner reckless. To be de
spondent was not her nature. She had
made such plans for net trip East when
this matter could be fixed up and nothing
had been said to make her seriously be
lieve there was no hope of a successful
conclusion. Vhis is a terrible stljjroa. oi\
her memory, but none that knew my
daughter will give It credence."
Attorney Rosling supported Mrs. Mul-
Kev*s .denial of a suicidal motive.
"She had a smattering of medicine." ha
said, "and I don't think that had she in
tended suicide she would have chosen such
a method. I do not suopose now that lh«
persons with whom we were treat! n* fa»
this business will care to continue nego
tiations. I do not think the verdict *li
supported by the circumstances."
Mrs. Mulkey and Rosling left laat
night for Tacoma. to which place tha
girl's body will be shipped for burial.
engaged rooms for the two women at the
Royal House under the names of Mrs.
and Miss Millsacs, as he feared an un*
timely discovery of '.heir identity an 1
presence in this citv might defeat hi*
plans for settling the "title to the claim*
satisfactorily. The successful settlement
meant much to the Klrl. Ambitious, she
hoped to be able by means of the mining,
property to procure an education which
should raise her above the common plane
Nervous and high-Btrung to a degree
though she was, Rosling and her moiner
say that she never turned the pistol wit
tingly against herself.
When the repdrt of the revolver was
heard from 'the room they had left the
attorney, and Mrs. Mulkey hastened back
and. opening the door, saw the girl lyint;
on the floor in a pool of her own bloo<l.
By her side lay the revolver the iwo
women had been in the habit of putting
under the pillow every night for protec
tion. An ambulance was called and Su
san Mulkey died at the McNatt Hospital
almost immediately upon her arrival
there. The bullet entered the right breast
and passed through the body. Taking Into
consideration all these facts the Coroner s
Jury brought In a verdict of suicide.
Declares the Facts as Brought Out at the Inquest D& Not Justify
the Conclusion Reached at the Hearing.
i Although as Assistant/ District Attorney
he receives a salary of $300 a month, he
claims that he is unable to comply with
the order of the court. According" to his
Btatement all' his, Income is required In
supporting his present family.
Assistant District Attorney Eugene
Deuprey must either, consent to • pay ali
mony to his former 1 wife or. go to Jail,
Judge Murasky having yesterday refused
to set aside the order of Judge Daingtr
fleld adjudging him guilty of contempt.
Judge "Dalngerfield's order was Issued
several weeks ago, but was suspended by
Judge Cook until after the completion of
the Hoff trial, in which Deuprey was
repr-esentfng the State. Now there' re
mains no longer any cause for delaying
the execution ofthe order, hence Deuprey
must pay or be incarcerated.
gerfield's Order Adjudging Him
Guilty of Contempt.
Murasky Ref uses to Sst Aside Dain-
DETJPREY MUST PAY
OR GO TO JAIL
p^|*^ HE Senate Investigating Commil
i I tee. appointed to probe the San
1 1 Quentin Jute mill scandal, has
Ji visited the prison across the bay,
looked over the premises, exam
ined a few witnesses, enjoyed the hospi
tality cf the Warden and is now busiiy
engaged in preparing its report fThe com
mittee was delighted with the discipline
of the prison, but its report will probably
deal rather harshly with the business
methods in vogue there.
Senator Belshaw, chairman of the com
mittee, began work yesterday morning be
fore the boat that carried the inquisitors
across the bay left its berth on this side
Warden Aguirre had come over to escort
the Senators to the prison and Bel
ehaw turned his guns on him the moment
he came within talking range at the ferry
depot.
"Warden Ag-ulrre, have you any knowl
edge of the whereabouts of. Absconder
Walden?" demanded the Senator.
The Warden was rather surprised at the
abruptness of the query, but replied that
he did not know where the .missing clerk
of the Jute mill had secreted himself.
Further pursuance of me investigation
was pet-rponed until the committee ar
rived at the prison. The Senatorial In
quisitors were taken into every depart
ment of the penal Institution. They ex
amined the Jute mill and the methods em
ployed there, looked through the cells, tha
laundry and women's quarters, and last
but not least, partook of the bounteous
luncheon served at the Warden's residence
for their delectation. It was an excellent
luncheon and warmed the cockles of the
inquisitors' hearts until they declared that
the prison was splendidly conducted. Af
ter leaving, getting outside the prison
walls, however, the Senators decided that
while the luncheon was undoubtedly a
credit to the institution and while no fault
could be found with the discipline of the
prison, the business methods were so lax
that an indorsement of them was really
out of the- question. In fact the need of
a. revised eystem of bookkeeping was ap
parent to every member of the committee
before the investigation had progressed
hMf an hour.
Superintendent Byrne of the Jute mill
Informed the committee that he was
charged with all the Jute ordered frdra the
warehouse, with a discount of 5 per cent
cllowed for waste. lie was required to re
turn a certain numue. of sacks for a
specified amount of Jute furnished, but in
explaining his methods he unconsciously
exposed the laxity of the bookkeeping
methods employed in the mill by contin
ually referring to a number of slips of
paptr which he held in his hand.
Senators Belshaw and Tyrrell wanted to
know why he kept his accounts on memo
randum sheets instead of in books.
Warden Aguirre hastened to explain that
the State did not appropriate sufficient
money with which to purchase the neces
sary books.
A visit was then made to where the
srrain sack? were being marked and
weighed. The weighers were erltering the
results of their work on slips of papers
instead of in books, which fact Belshaw
was prompt to take notice of. He de
clared that books should be used to keep
the accounts and that triplicate records
should be made, one of which should be
turned over to the Warden and one to the
superintendent of the mill.
From the Jute mill the visitors passed
on to the convicts* dining-room. Hurry
ing waiters bearing plates of hot stew
brushed perilously past the members of
the committee, although it was half an
hour before the regular dinner hour. Sen
ator Tyrrell asked a guard if that was a
.sample of the meals served to the prison-,
ers.
' <Wh y. of course," replied ' the guard
with a knowing wink.
The Senators then visited the warehouse
•where all the bales of sacks are stored.
Senators Nutt, Belshaw and Tyrrell
thought that the bales should be piled in
rows and numbered positions assigned for
them. Those in charge of the warehouse
could then in ten minutes ascertain how
many bales they bad on hand. Shipping
Clerk MacD.^jal was called from his
lunch and examined.
"How often do you take stock. Mac-
Don pal?" asked Belshaw.
"We took stock with Expert MacLaren
the other day." he replied.
"You did not answer my question." In
sist c-d Belshaw.
"Oh. we don"t take stock, we Just clean
out the warehouse of sacks once a year "
replied MacDougal. *
"How often do you take an inventory?'
asked Senator Tyrrell.
"Well, I report how many sacks I re
ceive from the Jute mill to the Warden's
office once a month."
The conclusion of the committee after
the interview, with Shipping Clerk Mac-
Dougal was that in the future he should
not ship any sacks without first receiving
an order countersigned by the Warden of
the prison.
In the afternoon the Senators inter
viewed MacLaren, the book expert, who
was found working on the booka in the
main office. Prison Director "Wllkins was
also present.
"Are there any of the books of the Jute
mill missing?" asked Senator Tyrrell.
•'There is only one book missing." re
plied MacLaren.
"How far back are you going on the
books? he was asked.
, B l'J am soing back as far as the year
18SG and J expect to be finished by a 'week
from to-day," replied MacLaren.
T-,!r! d ,_ you llnd anything wrong with
Ellis books?" asked Tyrrell.
"No, I have not." was the answer.
"Have you found anything wrong with
the books at all?" queried Belshaw.
"Yes, I find no accounting for sixty-five
bales," replied MacLaren.
Prison Director Wilklns stated to the in
vestigating committee that when Mac-
Laren had handed in his report a meeting
would be held at the prison and the report
would be made public. *-
On the way back to the*clty the mem
bers of the investigating committee ex
pressed themselves in the following terms-
Senator Belshaw— I think that the dis
cipline of the prison is splendid, but the
checking system an*d>the way the goods
are shipped must be changed. New rules
must be adopted so that the Warden shall
be the only person authorized to ship mer
chandise.
Senator Nutt— I think that stock should
be regularly taken once a month at the
warehouse and reported to the Warden
Books should be bought for the jute mills
and a regular check system adopted
Otherwise I think that the prison is run
on excellent lines, j
Senator Tyrrell of ' Nevada County— 1
.think that this investigation will be pro
ductive of good. The bookkeeping sys
. tern at both the Jute mills and at the ship
,ping wharf Fhould be changed.
Senators Smith, Nelson, Plunkett and
Greenwell expressed similar opinions.
During the day members of the Assem
bly committee also visited the prison, but
as they arrived late their investigation
was necessarily hurriedly conducted. '
Senator Belshaw said last evening that
his committee would go to Folsom next
Saturdsy and inspect that prison, and
would then make reports to the Senate of
both prisons Pt the name* time. From
present Indication* the.report of the Sen
ate committee will severely criticize the
present business methods now in vogue at
San Quentin.
"The Prison of the Pope" is the title of
a lecture which the Rev. P. C. Yorke will
deliver in Metropolitan Hall on Thursday
evening, February 7. for the benefit of St.
John's Church. Father Yorke will discuss
the relations between the Vatican and the
Italian Government and their bearing on
the freedom of the Pope. The question
has attracted world-wide attention within
the past few weeks on . account of the
declaration of the Duke of Norfolk during
a public reception by Leo.
The English nobleman declared in favor
of the temporal power of the Pope and
maintained its necessity, .for the free ex
ercise of his splrtual authority in the
Catholic world. Such an utterance occa
sioned widespread comment in England.
Father Yorke made a thorough study ot
the situation while in Rome and he will
give his views on the question .in .the
coming lecture. ¦ ¦ — •¦- : ¦ ¦
Reserved seats are on safe at the clergy
residence of St. John's parish, Mission
road. r'Zsy*. . ¦ -."v^
"PRISON OF THE POPE" .
; v- FATHER YORKE'S SUBJECT
He "Will Lecture on the Relations of
Pontiff and Italian Gov
ernment.
MOTHER OF SUSAN MULKEY IS WROTH AT VERDICT
OF SUICIDE RETURNED BY THE CORONER'S JURY
pullit.g the purse strings. He hasn't
kicked once on the amount of money we
are spending on 'this trip"
The distinguished party occupies apart
ments on the first floor, facing Market
and New Montgomery streets, the suite
being the costliest and most elegantly fur
nished in tr.e hotel. The party will re
main in Ean Francisco until Tuesday,
when the homeward trip will be com
menced. . j
Tho Duke liVfs California, and if he had
his way he ->vould spend several weeks
out here.
"I have been to San Francisco several ;
times before, you know." he said.
"Do I play golf? Yes, I am Just learn- -
Ing the game, he went on. "It's a very
fascinating sport. I. have a lot of golf
sticks. They were sect ahead, care of
Mr. McCormick of the Southern Pacific.
My wife is very well acquainted with Mrs.
McCormick. They both lived in Cincin
nati, you know. I play football, too, when
1 get the chance.
"While at college. I did some boxing. I
have a punching bag In our private car.
but it don't work good.", .
The Duke and Duchess will not attend
any theaters or public amusement places
while here out of respect for the dead
Queen, although he says he could go if
he chose with propriety.- His Grace. wears
a black band . around the sleeve of his
bluish gray suit. He was considerably
agitated yesterday afternoon over a clip
ping from the Cincinnati Tribune, which
was uncomplimentary to Papa Zimmer
man.
"I have just wired the editor, whom I
know personally," he explained, "com
manding him to retract the story. If he
doesn't do so I will make it uncomforta
ble for the paper." arid the Duke's eyes
snapped and he stamped hid foot with an
air of determination.
Speaking of the Queen's death the Duke
Bald;
"Her demise is an irreparable loss to
the whole civilized world. Both as a
woman and a ruler she was the greatest
and grandest that ever lived. You can
little imagine the great sorrow of Eng
land. ' Royalty will mourn for three
months Just as you would mourn the loss
of your mother. All functions will bo
dispensed with. The royal ladies will not
appear in full dress, no diamonds will be
worn a-«i the palatial homes will be closed
during the period of mourning."
The DuUe.of Manchester is a handsome
young man of about 25 years, with a full,
smooth face and of athletic build. He has
large blue eyes and soft, light hair. He Is
essentially English in appearance and
manner, while the Duchess is of the Gib-
Bon girl type. She very modestly declined
to be interviewed.
The Duke called upon Mr. McCormick
at the Southern Pacific Railroad offices
>e*terday noon, where he received his
mall, which had been sent in care of Mr.
McCormick.
His Grace will dine at the McCormick
heme to-day. The Duchess is the favorita
child of Eugene Zimmerman, who Is re
puted to be one of the wealthiest men In
Cincinnati.
The presence of the young" Duka of
Manchester and his t>rtde in this city re
minds one that there are now four
Duchesses of Manchester. The first, Har
riet Sydney. Duchess of Manchester, was
a Miss Dobbs — an Irish lady. She mar
ried the sixth Duke In ISOo. On his death
she married Sir Stevenson Blackwood,
who died in 1S90. The second is the pres
ent Duchess of Devonshire, widow of the
seventh Duke of Manchester. The third
is Consuelo, the raoiher of the present
Duke and wife of the eighth Duke of
Manchester, better known as Lord Mande
ville. She is the daughter of Don An
tonio Tznaga del Valle of Raver.swood.
U. S. A. The fourth Duchesa was Miss
Zimmerman, the wife of the present Duke.
The young Duke has been on the stage.
'was at one time on the staff of the New
Tork Journal, and haa been In the Bank
ruptcy Court as the victim of extrava
gance and the money-lenders.
MEMBERS OF THE SENATE COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO INVESTIGATE
SAX QUENTIN PRISON EXAMINING EXPERT McLAREN AND AT
TACHES AS TO THE METHODS OF KEEr.NG ACCOUNTS.
V ¦: - -Y : .-.;'* - - - . .-'.". ' ''* ~ ¦ * ~\- TV/ .'-'¦:-¦ "\
THE DUKE AND DUCHESS OF MANCHESTER AND THEIR BLOODED BULLDOG. HIS GRACE AND HIS BRIDE
ARRIVED IN BAN FRANCISCO YESTERDAY AND WILL SPEND SEVERAL DAYS HERE. RETURNING EAST
BY WAY OF OGDEN. . • ;~i "" t \ - ;,.;¦.¦.& j£? : .S i V—
HATLESS and with both hands in
his pockets, his Grace the Duka
- of Manchester • promenaded un
ostentatiously around the Palaco
Hotel court yesterday afternoon,
seemingly unmindful of the attention he
was attracting. Leaning almost reckless
ly over the balconies on three sides of tha
big court were groups of feminine admir
ers. They tittered and. laughed and mads
goo-goo eyes at -the titled Englishman,
l-ut the Duke was oblivious of it all. He
nevci ence turned his f ace. upward.;',
The Duke and Duchess of .Manchester
and Lcrd Lambert arrivedfrom Southern
California at 9 o'clock yesterday morning.
They are traveling in a private car be
longing to the Cincinnati, Hamilton and
Dayton Railroad, of which Eugene Zim
merman, father of the Duchess, is vice
president. ..
"Papa let us take the car," said the
Duke, "for a certain length of time. We
remained at my grandmother's in Natchez
lungei than at first planned, so we have
got to shorten our stay in California, for
the car has been engaged by other parties.
That is all tommyrot about my father
His Grace Likes California and Would Make Pro
longed Visit Here if His Papa-in-Law Would
Extend Time Limit on Use of His Private Gar
It < has been reported ¦ that while Com
missioner Foote was in Paris he so far
cultivated the French language that Iris
only with difficulty that he can express
himself in.tood old Saxon. That is not
true. His verbal handling of the. care
less valet showed that he still had full
command of hismother tonsrue. /,,;:'. i"
The next time that W. "W. Foote. the
attorney, is asked 10 serve the State . in
the capacity of Commissioner In a foreign
land he will be more Particular when se
lecting a valet. One otthese accompaniei
him to thfi .World's Fair at Paris, but. in
the language of the South Side district, he
must have been "a bad 'un." He didn't
know the difference between .female lin
gerie and articles that are generally
bought in gentlemen's furnishing goods
stores. In packing up the trunks of Com
missioner Foote he failed to discriminato
in the matter of apparel and as a result
there was a warm cime at the Custom
house yesterday. If Commissioner Foole
had only been able td place his x hands
upon the offending- valet things would
have been much warmer. But the valet,
lucky for his bones, was absent and tha
incident passed off with some sulphurous
expressions emltted^bv Foote.
Commissioner .Koote. wmle In "gay
Paree," made a few purchases of silks,
laces, .etc., that are dear, to .the. feminine
heart, intending them for presents lor
friends. He knew that under, the law
only such goods as are for personal wear
are exempt from dutv. But the. valet, in
whom he placed" all his confidence and
trust, was not as well enlightened. -Ho
did not know that ladies', silk, stocking:!
could not possibly come under the head
of male attire and so it was that when
packing the trunks no made" his great,
grave and serious error. Articles of wear
that Commissioner Foote could not pos
sibly use were indiscriminately jammed
into the trunks containing u.a personal
gooda. The boxes and trunks set aside
by Foote for the presents he bought for
friends were utilized for storing, away
anything at hand. The Saratogas wer^
packed without any thought as to what
they contained. Now Commissioner
Foote believed that his valet had intelli
gence enough to know tiiat goods not for
personal wear are subject to duty. Ho
was desirous of paying for the dutiable
goodi, but the valet made a horrible mess
of things. When Foote reached this city
on his return trip he turned over the key*
of his trunks to the Customs officials In
order that they might examine the boxes
and see that there was nothing contra
band. Great was his surprise, then, when
he learned yesterday that his effects wero
detained ' in the Custom-house. The
searchers, much to their astonishment,
found a lot of ladies' gloves in the trunk
containing several pa:rs of the Commis
sioners' pajamas. The gloves were dutia
ble anil Foote was liable for smuggling
in addition to having the articles confis
cated. He was notified of the result of the
search of the trunks und hastened to the
Custom-house to explain just how it oc
curred. The matter was soon adjusted.
Foote's brokers arranged to havo the
goods separated and duty paid on the
¦tiutiable articles.
Blunder of Stupid Valet Causes Tem
porary Detention of Lawyer's
Trunks Containing Duti
able-Articles, i
Paris Commissioner Mixed
Up With Cu3lom-Hqus« .
Officials.
FOOTE CAN STILL
USE GOOD SAXON
DUKE OF MANCHESTER HERE
WITH HIS BRIDE, DAUGHTER
OF MILLION A IRE ZIMMERMAN
Pages 23 to 32
Pages 23 to 32
GAS EXPLOSION IN BASEMENT KILLS ONE CHINAMAN,
FATALLY INJURES ANOTHER AND DAMAGES BUILDING
AUGUST BAUBR FALLS DEAD.— Anrust
Bauer, a dairy hand. 62 year* old residing on
the San: Bruno road, fell dead yesterday after-
toon at ! U>« corner of .. Somarset and "Whelan
street!. * • ¦ . .THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
17OS. FIRST ItACE— Seven ftfrloags : • thrfe-year-oid miles; purfe, 1400.
T?oJ : •-. ?T3 " ~~~ t j \ |" . Betting'
Index Horse ¦ and \\>lght.|Pttjgt. U. .' • H- Str. Fin. | Jockeys. | Op.' Hi. Cl. PI.
ir.O il>mei;ne*s -...> ...10=| -2 . 3 . ; 4 .".{ n l\ I 3 - ICoburn ...s.l 2 7-2 16-5 6^5
1«T «D».rlPr.e ;..... ....JOT' h < 5 v , S 1 ,j3 1 13 2 1 jDoniiniclt .. 7 15 15 5
1608 'KingctcUe' 1051 6 1 « * £ 2 «4 32 3 4 'IHenry ...... 4 9-2 4 7-3
aroi Aleura 1'j2, 2i2 44 22 43 43 Mounce 2 2 S-5 4-5
• K1wri«« ¦•..-....-.-:.-. VI; ¦ 3- j 1 - 2 ¦»* — I- Si E4 -B 4 - |j Daly...-.: 15 ' 30 15 "5
JCS5 iArjrct 162 7j4 In 41 flO 612 JO'Connor ... 6-8 76-2
.... ;E1 FhaJee. US 417.71 71 75 7G JR. Murphy.. 30 100 100 30
.... :La Gorta t ..........y>7i is 1 S S » 8 8 jAleaaader ..j 15 16 12 5
Trims— 14. -.ii^:-Hi, t**;^*,. l:0»i:'V l:2S%. Gtcwl start. Won Easily. Second and third
driving. Wian»r. Atkin & Lottridpe'a br. t. by imp. rhincombe-Solltude. Winner canie
from bfhtud; ¦ninmngr ct leisure. Darlene showed lmj>roveDient. Alzur* blew up at stretch
:urr.. So d'A rinrlfta. Scratched— Nellie For*st 1C7.
07O». BgQOXP RACE— MU« and e*venty yards, four-ymr-oids and up; purse, W^O.
iPo.| "T~ ~ : ~ j ~ — — , - Betting i 1 ¦¦ ¦¦>
Index |Hcrs«. Age. Weight. ;Pstjgt. U. H. 6tr. Fin. | Jockeys, i Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
. j ,__ , j 1
JC3< jTuthiil. 4 109; 22»« 14 2t 14 IT. Burns.... t 4 4 "4-5
i675 'ilaxOji*. 4 Jj6| 11 lh in In 24 IMounce | 2 3 13-5 11-10
\i~A jTorelda, € 119; 434 4 8234 I O Connor ... 12 15 15 -.3
tflh j Prejudice. < L - rL .>CJ|_J |J 2Jt 2_J 1 4 jHenry j I 1 _4-5 1-4
Tim»-70 yerds. :<M%; 'i. :H»A: U. :WVi; '\. 1:15^; mile. 1:41H: lm 70ydn. l:45*i. Good
Mart. Won easily. Second and third driving Winner. John McCaffery's br. h. by Ford
hem-OM Mies. Tuthiil under wrap* most of the way. MavUyle dlJ his best. l*»*Judic«
Dot up to much.
J7JO. THinn KACE— Two miles; S. F. Champion Hurdle; J-year-olds and up; purse, $1000.
~ j \Po7\ " j i |, Betting
Index ;Korse, Ai?e, Weight. ;r« St. lm. IVi. 8tr. tin.] Jockeys. \ Op. HI. Cl. PI.
JOSO Lrthiaa. S !3Sj i ' 1 44 II 14 14 Sutherland .] 6-5 7-6 13-10 3-5
1673 Credo. « 166 43 S2 22 24 IS Kgeeuiun ..."•• 3
I«7S Can't ¦ Dance, a. .144 314 64 >H 3 1 S3 Cairns 3 4 3 1
X«S8 Pal!u^a», 5 USI 76 68 41 44 48 Lenhart .... 10 15 15 6
:;<2 T. \.-ik.it-.b. C i* > :,; IS 62 tn (20 Hueston .... 6 6 t £-&
JC-2 .Granscr. a Hi 1|57 7 7 66 O. AVllson... 6 10 9 3
U>i7 !Periv>ig. a 140 t[l 21 «10 6S 7 |D. Henry.. ..j 10 2a 25 10
Time— 3:<3. Good etart. Won easily. Second easily. Third driving. Winner, C. E. Dur
nell'8 b. e. by imp. Midlothlan-Leleta, stable held the others «aie from start. Pallucas
Khow^d improvpment. Too far for Texaxkana. Granger far from his best form. Scratched
--nornany Jj6. Torih!o_14q. _ **-^"P|^_ Y^ Lothian.
1711. FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles; Winter handicap; three-year-olds and up;
j>urse, $5200.
IPoTi ~ ~"~ ] ]/¦ Betting-
Index illoire. Agp. Weight. ] Ppt St. U. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
(1«S4) |Eddle .To n e», 6...11S) 888 72 In lh Jenkins .... 3 ~~4^ 4^ Ti
1KH jTh» l>ady, 4 Ul 7 4 41 4n 23 22 T. Sloan ... 5-2 4 3 1
l<s: \.Mir. Guard. 4. ..121 9 5 7.4. 6 2 S3 Si Henry 2 11-6 11-5 4-$
17<K.i i Vesuvian. 4 122 63 24 21 42 44 T. Burns .. 7-2 8 7 2
1703 jVuloaln. 4 ,312 3 2 J» Sn 6 1 6»% Coburn 8 J5 15 5
Ofc>: Grwrock. 4 101 47 tl'6n 61 61 J. .Miller.... 12 40 40 13
1579 AQdrtM. 4 1X5 €4.6^ B- 74 75 Mounce .... • • • S-5
lf?7 iMontanlc. 4 1% 21 16 148 S Buchanan .. 10 13 J2 S
16?4 jtiathos. 4 »S l|t -.- ' ¦ Redfern .... SO 100 100 40
Time—'*. :23; hi, :47> 4 ; \. 1:13; m, ldBii; l»«m, 2:04^. Fair start except Bathos. Won
f.rst* three driving. Winner, Bum* & V»'aterhouse's br. h. by Morello-Early Rose. Win
ner ran a phenomenal race after being inclined to prop as the barrier was released.
Wh^n straightened away he wu yards behind the leader, but Jenkins saved all the
grounij poRplble. uslnx rare Judgment. Jones was separately timed as fast an 2:03'i. Tho
La«iy superbly ridden and no excuses. Advance Guard ran to his best form, although
H^nry might have mad« closer turns. Possibly burns made too much early use of Ve
tuvian. Montar.ic bumped Bathos at start, unseating Redfern. Scratched— Vincltor 109,
P'Q^'Qg Bo»r !&*¦ -^"J". 1^ 0 , l°j-_ Jlf^^r _ .? < E o . u g i^. _ w J tn Vesuvian.
1712. FLFTH RACE- Six and a, half furlongs; eelling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
I (Pol " 1^ ¦ -.
Index 'Horse,. Are, Weight., Pst; St. %. »i. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
ZG03 | Dolly "Welthofr, 6.105 22 31 JH1H11 Coburn S-5 7T3 3^ T
:65S iDan-iy Jim. 8.... 92 6 61b 11 JH »nsJ. Daly 8 12 10 b
(1^70 Grand Fachem. 6.10S 4 S 64 4h 4 2 • n» J. Woods... 12 20 20 8
Jf/"* IMaggle Darls, 6..10S S4 4h 21 Jl 43 Henry 6-2 7-3 J '1
1W3 JMocorlto. 6 105 11 2H63 61 61 O'Connor .. 4 16-5 16-5 6-5
7<T»Z Courtier. 3 K- 9 6 62*63 61 63 Ransch SO 25 15 8
1««3 Don Luis, 6......107 10 7 7^91 7H7HE. Ross .... 25 75 50 20
1419 Ar.Uoch. 6 107 7 8 »H 1) iH SI R. Murphy. SO 200 ' 200 100
3t*l Montallade. a ...107 S 9 10 7*4 *^» 9 1 Mounce .... 8 8 6 2
2BS7 .Invlctua. 3 82| S 10 » 1 S 1 1» 10 J. Walsh.... 12 " 40 40 13
Time-l-16. :P7; 6-16. :J04; *-16. :65H; 6%f, 1:21%. Ba<l start. Won flm three driving'
Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's br. m. by Imp. Dark Day»-imp. Florry Myers. Dollle
had most epeed and was nicely ridden. Sachem in good shap« to-day. Mangle Davis
. unequal to the ¦weight. Mocorlto Quit. Montallade almost left. Scratched Tins-a-Onjr
. 1C:. *l^cad heat far place. . ...
1713. FIXTII RACE^One mile; four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
"- " 1 (Po.| r, ¦ -¦ • , ., ., . Betting H^
Ir-der. Horse, Age, Weight. J Pst St. M.. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI?
:*S3 iSrotch PJald, C..1U 4 1 4~n 4~n 4~H ll Jenkins" .... 2-5 2I 2I Z
|Joe Rirley. ¦• — U« 11 lh In Ml 2n Mounce .... 10 CO 20 6
3CSS Faunette, & 103 5 7 in 6 tn 7 4 3 »4 Alexander 10 30 20 8
I5i6 La. Borjria. 4 1041 2 6 72 6h 62 <<i O'Connor .. 5 5 < 1;
1679 Cb&S. le Uel. 6.. Hi! C 11 11 11 6 1 6 « J. Woods.. . 80 100 go ii
16E1 Dr. Cave, 4 V? 11 8 33 22 21 65 Coburn 15 15 15 4
155J Royal Prite, 6.. .111 »4 24 32 il 7H Henry 8 12 12 4
jn?4 Orpheus, 4 10S 36 6 1 62 82 81 Tullott 60 100 100 20
1636 Monda. 5 Ill 10 19 «1 74S194 Stuart 8 100 100 V,
:«R9 Rlxfnrd. 5 IM 8 » JH 10 30 1 50 Fauntleroy SO " 100 100 Vn
UVl Uacerr. 5 ...... ..103' 7 3 8 1 8 1 11 U Hoar........ CO 100 100 40
Time— J *. :ti; 3 ». :&QV»; «4. 1:17; mile. 1:43. Good start. Won . easily. Second and third
<lrH-ing. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's b. k. by imp. Midlothian-Mottle. Plaid much
the b«=t. Ridley will bear T.-atchinir if he etands up. Faunette showed sudden lm
' prorement. La Uorgla ran poorly. Scratched — Mary Klnpella 10?.
HAMBURG. THE PHENOMENAL AND SUCCESSFUL, RACER.' AND HIS TRAINER, LAKELAND. THE SENSA
TIONAL RUNNER IS. TO BE AUCTIONED OFF IN A FEW DAYS. WHEN THE BITTER ROOT STUD OF THE
LATE MARCUS DALY IS TO BE SOLD.
PREPARING FOR THE FIGHT.
Hall at Cincinnati.
Force of Carpenters Begins Work on
CINCINNATI. Jan. 26.-Sincc the grant
ing of the.ptrm.lt by Mayor Fleischmann
for the. contest botweon Jeffries and Ruh
lln-at Saer.srerfest Hall on February 1j
the fight promoters are much encouraged.
Early this morning: a force of carpenters
began work on the Interior of the hall
and the contractor stated that everything
would be In readiness In about ten^rtays.
Tickets for the contest will be Dut on
sale early Monday morning and already.
It is said, orders for over $20,000 worth
have been received.
Jeffries, who has been tralnlnsr her© for
the past week, now weighs 223 pound3
and says that he is already In lighting
condition. ¦. Ruhlin will arrive here .to
morrow. . • - " ' • ¦
Harvard -Yale Races.,
CAMBRIDGE. Mass.. Jan. 2S.— At a con
ference between the rowing 1 committees of
Harvard and Yale, held here to-day, it
was decided that the next boat races will
be held at New London. Conn., on June
27, the freshmen, the four-oared crews and
the varsity crews participating.
Profits of Yals's Eleven.
NEW HAVEN. Conn.; Jan. 25.— Th# re
ceipts of the Yale Football Association
during the season of-1900 were H4.428; the
expenditure* were $22,336. . .
EXEMPT FIREMEN HOLD
* * THEIR ANNUAL REUNION
Gathering of a Few of What Once
Was a Strong Organization of
-Local Heroes.
The Exempt Fire Company of this city,
which at the time the Volunteer Fire De
partment went out of txlstence numbered
S26 members, and which now, by
death, has dwindled down to about
seventy, gave its annual banquet In the
Exempts' house on Brenhara place last
Thursday night. There were present
about forty of tha old-time volunteer
fire-fighters and a dozen specially invited
guests... George T. Bohen, the. president,
acted as toastmaster after the 'supper had
been disposed of and the dishes removed
from the tastefully decorated tables. Tbe
most notable feature of the evening aside
from the presentation of. a beautiful floral
piece by Mrs. A. M. Jessup, the only lady
honorary member of the company, was a
very eloauent address by ex-Judce Rob
ert Ferral, who reviewed the noble de«»da
of the self-sacrlflcina men who In the
earlv days of the city unselfishly workod
by day and by night to save life and prop
erty.
, L. s; Graves, president of the Associa
tion of Sons of Exempts, an organization
that In- time will take the Dlace of the
Exempts, stated that che sons had secured
the assurance of the authorities that they
will in future be notined if any Exempt
makes application for admission into the
Poorhouse or the County Hospital and
that the Sons will do all in their power to
attend totheir wants ana save them from
passing away In either institution.
Henry D. Hudson, the oldest living vol
unteer fireman of San * Francisco, who
manned the brakes of the first fire engine
that worked at a fire m this city. Decem
ber 25, 1S4D, BDoke for a short time in a
reminiscent strain: Captain Samuel Mc-
Dowell and ex-Assistant Chief Engineer
George W. : Kennard to^d of the paid
Fire Department, while Thomas R. Ca
rew told of the period between the pres
ent and the. volunteer department. John
H. Grady. president of the Board of Fln»
Commissioners, spoke on the present de
partment, which rest* on the foundation
laid by. the old volunteers. There wero
addresses by ex-Auditor William Broder
ick. ex-Supervisor James E. Britt. "Un
cle" George Bromley a. id E. C. Stock.
MRS. LINCOLN'S JEWELRY .
FOUND ON THE 'I'H 1 KTf
W. W. Massury. thq young man who
robbed Mrs. Julia Lincoln, a resident of
the Leepalmer. of a quantity of Jewelry
was brousrht down from Sacramento last
night by Detective Crockett.
Most of the Jewelry was found on him
when he ras captured, and a search of
the pawnshops In Sacramento resulted In
the recovery of the balance.
Detectives Crockett and Glllon have
been searching for Massury for soma
time, as he is wanted on two separata
charges of passing bogus checks. One
of the checks, for $35. was passed January
10 on Andrew Klnafeld, an5 the other, for
$15. on"B. F. Millard of b&i Geary street.
Massury gave his occupation as that ol
salesman, but the police state he ha.*
spent most of his time in gambling.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.—Representa
tive Newlands supplemented his bill
for reservoirs oh the Humholdt River
by a bill introduced to-day which,
it is believed, will have the united sup
port of all the Western members and' of
all who favor the reclamation of desertg.
The bill provides that moneys received
from the sale* of public lands in_the West
In excess of what goes to agricultural col
leges shall be set apart as a fund for the
reclamation of arid lands. This would
Inaugurate construction work Immediate
ly on a large scale and benefit the entire
West. The manifest justice of the meas
ure to the West will insure strong sup
port, and it is believed the measure can
be passed at this session.
Postofflce discontinued. February *Ul
California— Purlssama, San Mateo Coun
ty: send mall to Half moon Bay.
'Postmasters commissioned: California —
Alfred R. Booth, Paso Robles; James E.
Z. Fowle. Esparto; Harry R. Dickey,
Woodville; Chirles W. Honkins, Guern
sey. Oregon — Homer C. Atwell. Forest
Grove: Abel W; Severance, Tillamook.
Washington— George E. Hartson, Mount
Vernon.
Postmasters appointed: Washington —
C. N. Hathaway. Latah, Spokane County,
vice N. O. Wheeler, removed.
Pensions Issued: California— John Field,
Veterans' Home. Napa, $S: John Shea,
San Francisco. $S; William W. Buchanan.
Veterans' Home, Napa. $10; Christian
Schnoor, San ! Francisco, $17. Widows —
Sylvia A. Smith, Los Angeles. $S; Clarissa
J. Freeman, San Francisco, $S. ¦?
Oregon — Increase — Alva 11. Scofield,
Glenwood. $S. ¦ ¦ . . .
¦ 'Washington— Renewal— Levl B. Bird,
Seattle, $6. -
Senator Perkins to-day offered an
amendment to the naval appropriation bill
providing $7000 for water. pipe from Oak
land to Goat Island.
Senator Perkins gave a dinner to-night
at the Metropolitan Ciub In honor of Hon.
S. M. Shortridge and Colonel ' George
Stone. ¦ Other guests were the members of
the California delegation. Major Mc-
Laughlln of San Francisco and Colonel
Kutchin of San Diego.
Plans to Inaugurate Work
That Will Benefit the
West
JOCKEY WILLIE BUCHANAN, a
California lad. will join the colony
of American riders that have made
such a hit on the race courses of
Merrle England. Broderick Cloete,
the wealthy English turfman, who has
been SDending a few weeks in this State.
purchased the contract of Buchanan from
Barney Schrelber, the St. Louis book
maker and horseowner yesterday. What
the sum was that tempted the "genial
German" to relinquish all claim on his pet
rider .was not made public, but is said to
have been considerably over 53000.
Under jthe terms of his contract to ride
on the other side Buchanan is to receive
a salary of $8000 yearly for a term of three
years, which sum will be materially in
creased by outside mounts he may get.
Then again there is much honor attached
to the position, for the California boy will
wear the colors of King Edward VII.
Richard Mar»h, who trains the horses of
RECLAMATION
OF ARID LANDS
Signed by Broderiek Cloete to Ride
GUESTS GIVEN
USUAL ROASTS
Mr. Cloete. has charge of the raeing
stable of his Majesty. In other words.
Buchanan has simply fallen Into the posi
tion left vacant when the Etagliah stew
ards notified To<l Sloan that he need not
apply for a license this year.
During the season now in progress at
Oakland and Tanforan Park tracks, Buch
anan's saddle work has net been gilt
edged, due td illness. However, when In
form, he Is wonderfully smart at getting
away from the post and as a . finisher has
no equal in this country at .his weight,
unless It Is Sloan. The Oakland boy came
Into prominence during the California sea
son of lsai-l:xiO and last spring was signed
by Barney Schrelber. His splendid work
on the Chicago tracks, where he wa» the
star rider, gained for him many favorable
notices. If he had a fault It was his over,
anxiety to win. Thl* finally caused him
trouble, the Hawthorne jud«es suspended
him from accepting all but stable mounts
until January 1. lyfll. Barney Schrelber'a
contract had something over one year still
to run.
Gridiron' Club Sustains Its
Reputation for
Mirth.
Amonjc the other siesta present were:
Secretaries Long. Hitchcock. Smith. Sena
tors Hanna. Platt of Connecticut. Scott,
bpooner, Stewart and Walcott. Represen
tatives Allen. Cannon. Grosvenor. Joy
Kehoe. Llttlefield. Morrell and Richard
son, General H. C. Corbin, General John
M. W llson. Rear Admiral HIchborn. Con
sul General John Goodnow of Shanghai
Georpe B. Cortelyou, Thomas V. Walsh*
Prank B. Noyes. president of the Asso
ciated Press; H. Clay Evans. Commission
er of Pensions; Melville E. Stone, general
manager of the Associated Press; FranU
tv«« a erl lP' A3s Listant Secretary 01 th«»
Treasury; s s. Huntlev of Montana;
Charles G. Dawes. Comptroller of tho
and Profefcwr Willis L. Moore
chief of the Weather Bureau. oure .
Among the guests were distinguished
men In all walks of life— Cabinet officers,
members of the Supreme bench. Senators.
Representatives, army and navy officers
and Ministers of foreign countries. Tha
reputation of the club was sustained In,
the matter of unique features, burlesques
of public affairs and roasts of public men,
iv were £ uests . a11 being Jnterspersed
with bright speeches, songs and choruses.
Speeches were made by Secretary. Root.
Justice Brown. Senators Chandler. De-
P«w and Carter, ex-S«nator Gorman, ex.
tiovernor Francis of Missouri, the Chi
nese Minister, the Turkish Minister and
othfrs.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 26.— The annual
dinner of the Gridiron Club, composed of
Washington correspondents, was given
to-night at the Arlington Hotel. About
200 guests and members were at the hand
somely decorated tables.
BUCHANAN WILL DON
THE ROYAL COLORS
SENSATIONAL TURF PERFORMER
SOON TO PASS UNDER HAMMER
Much Speculation as to How Manu Thousands Hamburg Will
Bring .at ..the Coming Faslg-Tipton Sale jn New. York,
Handball Is Dead.
LEXINGTON. Jan.; 26.-Ne ws has been
received here of the death of Handball,
by Hanover, i who : was - recently sold -. Dy
Colonel Milton Young to the Cobham stud
of England. 1 He contracted pneumonia oa
the trip., ov<»r. - ; . ,."
Results at New Orleans.
' NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 26.— Results-
One rolle. aellinc; — Hardly won, Blltheful sec
ond, Falthward, third." Time, 1:41»». . w
Two-year-olda, three furlongs— Haydon won,
Ardlta second, Baccl third. Time :36«4.
Steeplechase, handicap.' short course— Miss
Ransom won, Isen second. Harve B third.' Time,
3:C9. . ¦. ¦ ¦ ..--¦..¦¦¦.,¦; ¦ ;*v-v
I Cotton : stakes, seven furlongs— Tom Kln*nley
won. Shut Up second, Kohnwreath third. Time,
l:27H. .-.-•. . ¦ v - ¦¦ ' : ,'¦:-'
.One mile and an eighth, handlcaiv— Sir Gatlan
won, ,Hood'» Brigade second. -. Major Mansir
third. Time, 1-.64V4.
One mile, selling— Ellsmore won, Pat Garrett
second. General Mag-ruder third. Time, 1:41;
BASEBALL AT THE SOU Til.'
the' Highest Scores.
San Diego and San Bernardino Have
LOS ANGELES, .Jan. 2tt.— San Diego
gathered seven hits off ? Iburar of .the
Levys in four innings and sixteen more
from Smiley's delivery, which, coupled
with numerous . errors, cave . them the
game by the overwhelming score of 21
to 4; Score: • ' ,
Ban Diego .........'.....I « 0 2 '7 11 4 «_2l
"' Hits 73. Errors r. •"• 'v
Levy*.. C 2 0 0 0 2 0 O'fr^4
¦: '. • HtuS. Errors 10. • •" • -
Batteriw— Doyle and Works;. Iburg. Smflev
and Lohman. Umpire— Early.
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan: 26.— San Ber
nardino defeated Maier & Zobelein this
afternoon by. a score of:4 to-3. Beville
for San Bernardino pitched wlld'balj. giv
ing .six men bases on called balls, but
San Bernardino's hitters won. the game
by severely pounding Babbitt's delivery.
Score: ..•¦¦¦—¦ ; . . -70 . • ¦. ; -v • -, .¦'.£.
San -Bernardino 10 0 0 011 0 1— 4
Hlt» 19. Error* 1. <• 1
Maler * Zobelein. 0 0 100 t 011—1
. . Hlti 6. Error.;!; ;. , .*..¦¦*
. Umpire— Thurman.
NEW TRACK FOB DENVER.
Joseph Gavin Is the Chief Promoter
of the Enterprise. . • ,
DENVER. Jan. 26/— A : syndicate has
been organized with Joseph Gavin at the
head to open, a new racetrack in Denver.
The company has been organized witha
capital stock of $50,000 and a meeting will
soon be held to decide upon a site. Several
sites have been found near, the car lines
and one will be chosen at the meeting
and the work of building the track and
erecting stables and the grandstand be
pushed. : The track will be built for thd
runners. It is the intention 'to hold races
during the entire Beason.
The promoters of the new enterprise dis
claim any Intention of fighting v the Over
land Association and- Insist' that there Is
plenty of room for two tracks. • Joe Gavin
owns big gambling houses in Leadvillo
and Denver. - He will,, it is said, interest
San 'Francisco horsemen -In the Denver
track. . '
IX perhaps the mest sensational race
ever decided on the Far Western
turf Eddie Jones, the brown six
year-old son. ot Morello- and Early
Rose, with Clem JenWns In tbe sad
fi'.e, defeated The Lady, piloted by Tod
Bloan. for the rich Winter handicap over
one mile and a quarter yesterday at Tan
foran Park. Only after a stirring and
heartbreaking finish did -Louis Ezell's
hgnest little mare yield up the honors. by
a head, while but two lengths away came
the iron horse Advance Guard, fighting It
out deFperately, as tbe chestnut horra al
ways does. The winner covered the dis
tance in 2:W3i— -a. new coast record and
within three-quarters of a second of the
world's record made, by Charentus over
the lightning fast Empire City track last
-Big purses draw bzg crowds and as the
gross value of the stake was $5300 one
of the largest Saturday crowds of the
deeaon filed through th« turnstiles of the
San Mateo County track. Everything
favored the Fport; the weather was warm
end balmy, with ecarc^y a puff of wind
blowing to retard tbe Tiorses' speed and
Superintendent CusMng had the course in
perfect condition, v
With the declarations all In nine starters
¦wer« left to go to the post In the handi
cap. Popular with the public Advance
Guard, with his impost of 121 pounds and
Henry up. was installed favorite at 2 to I.
And a world of money was wagered on
the Carruthers & Shields entry.-. James
Tod Sloan replaced Marty Bergen on The
Lady aad although 111 pounds looked a bit
heavy for the mare. she had second call.
ICext came Eddie Jones, carrying IIS,
quoted at fours. He -was .strongly fancied,
but all were inclined to look askance
•when his underpinning was the eubject
of conversation. Vesuvian appeared amply
ballasted with Tommy Burns -and 122
poundg to lug.' Coupled with his stable
companion, Andrisa, 7 and 8 to 1 could
b« had about th« pair. Greenock, Mon
tanlc and Bathos looked as much out of
place as a hayseed would at a White
House reception, but caught a few mat
inee dollars. ... ¦ ' -
Called to the pest after the third event,
aiontanie, piloted by Buchanan, started
In to make it pleasant for Starter Dwycr.
Finally catching him on a- swing, the bar
rier flew In. tb« air, Montanlc away whist
ling. In his tiurry almost knocking Bathos
down, and throwing little Redfern from
his saddle. Eddie Jones nearly decided
not to undertake the trip, being last away.
Montanlc started i out like an Oregon
?'short-liner." stepping the first quarter
In :23, half In :47Vi and three-quarters In
1:13. Passing the Ftand, Vesuvian was
eecond, then followed -Vulcain. The Lady
and Greenock. • Far "¦ back In the rear
trailed Eddie - Jonee, apparently
out of it. and three lengths be
hind Advance Guard. At about the four
and a half furlong ¦ pole on the back
•tretch -Jenkins moved" with Eddie Jones,
and the way he mowed the leaders down
was a revelation. Before the- stretch was
reached Jenkins and his mount had
headed The Lady, and Henry, on the fa
vorite, had dropped into third place. The
others now looked "beaten and the ' real
struggle began. •
Sloan, next the rail astride The Lady,
looked beaten a furlong away, but tho
mare responded under punishment and
cpposlte'ths paddock' Jenkins, thinking
that victory was slipping away, reached
for his whip. The brown horss was even
gamer, and getting his head again lit front.
kept If there until' the wire was passed,
while th« great crowd In the stand rose
to its feet aad yelled like mad. Try m
h« could. Advance Guard was unable to
make up any ground, but ran his race.
Clem Jenkins rode the race of his career
and was tendered a well deserved recep
tion as he cantered back on the winner.
\\ hen the weights had been checked
Jenkins once more mounted the winning
horse and removed the silken bag con
taing the purse or its equivalent from
the wire: He was then presented with
the pair of gold spurs offered l by the as
sociation for the successful rider. ' • ,
Some months ago Eddie Jones was con
sidered a hopelessly broken-down cripple
and too much credit cannot be jrlven
Trainer Mike Kelly for his patience and
care in. getting the horse to his present
condition, for on his marvelous snowing
in the race h« is better now than ever
and In reality a world's record holder!
Timed separately from the time he left
tho barrier, the brown fellow covered the
route in 2:03\4 recording to some watches
while others made it from a quarter to
a half second Blower. His mile from wire
to wire was done in 1:38.
In the other events run off favorites
were thrice returned winners. However
no very long-priced ones managed to ge£
to the wire in front.
Quite a fancy etake was hung up for the
Jumpers, the San Francisco Champion
Hurdle event being worth $1750 to the first
horse. After a picturesque tour over two
miles and eight obstacles Lothian should
ering 138 pounds and well ridden bv Suth
erland, won easily, while his stable com
panion. Credo, came home fh-second place
Coupled the pair were IS to 10 favorites"
Can't Dance took the show. Jfo tumbles
or accidents marred the race.
A cheap bunch of three-year-old fillies
started in the first event, at seven fur
longs, i Alzura. mtarted favorite and
though Bhowlng speed was unable to get
a mark. Loneliness, at 16 to 5. easilv dis
posed of Darlene and Klngstelle at the
stand.
Then followed the downfall of Prejudice
'4 to 5 favorite for the mile and seventy
•yards run. The mare trailed MacGyle into
the stretch, when she blew up completely
Burns then gave Tuthlll his head and
Magrane's i horse • made MacGyle ' look
cheap, beating him hands down.
Dollle Weithoff downed a"; big field of
sprinters in the fifth number after reced
ing In the betting from 8 to S to 3^ to 1
She led all -the way, reaching the 'goal a
length before. Dandy Jim and Grand
Sachem. :The latter two ran a dead heat
for place honors.' '
Held at prohibitive odds. Scotch' Plaid
galloped in winner of the closing mile run
Resurrected from, his country- home old
Joe Ripley, backed -from '60 down, to 20
led Faunette out for second. place.
The one-mile walk was cut out as an
event in the field day- and the two-mile
run substituted in its place. It was
agreed that no student should represent
his. college for more than four years in
any branch of sport. The suggestion of
the Stanford delegation to bar students
in the affiliated colleges from partici
pating In intercollegiate events failed to
These findings by the joint committee
will be proposal to the student bodies, for
final ratification. They will, most proba
bly be adopted, as college sentiment
stands out in support of them. ...
Representing Stanford were David
Brown, Fred Berry and C. A. Cantwell.
Ralph Fisher, Reno .Hutchlnson • and
"Jerry" Mumma, who appeared for Ever
ett Brown, made up California's delega
tion. David Crown presided.
Three hours were consumed in the de
liberations of the committee. The old
agreement was left Intact with the excep
tion that the annual football game will
be played on the second Saturday in No
vember, but not on the college grounds
until IMS. The Stanford delegation, ad
vised by its faculty, gave way to this re
quest on the. part of California.' In the
matter of coaches the head coach must be
a graduate and no assistant coach who la
not a graduate will' be allowed any pay.
This practically abolishes the importation
of coaches. •. - •.-.
" Athletic committees representing the
students of : fh6 University of California
and of the Stanford University met yes
terday afternoon at the Palace Hotel for
the purpose reconsidering the official
agreement entered into last year by both
colleges in regard to all athletic matters.
Some important changes were determined
upon by the joint- collegiate committee
and they will be recommended to the
student bodies of both colleges for adop
tion.
HOTEL AKKIVALS.
PALACE
F H Harvey. Gait
J. M Smullen, Nevada
Mrs J M Bmullen, Nev
W C Ralston & w. Cal
C A TVhitins, NT
N C. Barwlse, Denvur
D M Cowan & w, N Y
J n Rocprs & w. X V
A Macondry. Dayton .
S Weltner, Chicago
P J Field, Monterey
H W Keller. Los An*
J R Phillips. Stockton
J F Kinney & w, Chjc
Mr & Mrs Rooker, I Cal
GCrlmoni, Cal
G Grlmaux, Cal
C E Pearsall & w, Cal
W W Campbell. Cal
Duko & Duchess - of
Manchester. Kngrland;
Lord Lambert, Englnd
W W Cocklins Jr, L A I
T J Field & w, Cal • I
C B Indall & -K. Van
couver ¦• • 1
O Frarara, Honstkong
H Teltzer, HonRkong
G H Boetoll & w, Seatl
A H Rogers, Mlnri '
O JI RoBors. Minn •' '
W H Romaine, N T
A W Small, Chicago
T M Greene & w, Seatl
U'M Meek. Denver-
I> L S Barker." Mont
S W Warner. N Y
HOTEL.
W-W Burnett, U S N
J S Child*. Cal
M L Crlmmins & w.
USA
F H Carlisle/ Cal
A A-an Dyke & w, Chff
J W Davl» & jr. j ac k
" son
J A W«Jl. U S A
S S Raymond, Cal
L R Bausbach,- Cal " .
J R Chase, San Jo«e
J T Parklnoon & w.
-Virginia
A S Txickard, Minn
A a Vlebot * w N T
L E Thayer. Richmond
Dr W V Graham. N T
G T Wesley. Clevelnd
W K Chlnholm. N T--
O R Armstrong-, Mich
J-M Tarsell, N y •
G T Lapsley, N" Y
II J Patten & w. Chg
R Sedams, Chgb
Vl«count • de Cholet.
Fans
Viscountess de Cholet'
•I'arih - -• '
J A Gourley, Chsro
E B Blinn. N Y '
B J Radlsan.'N t'-:
C Muller, N Y
EM Johnnon, N Y :
<JR Phillips. Chgo ¦
FT Simons. Ch«o '
w H Post. Stockton" -
NEW. WESTERN HOTEL. •"
C F Mathers & fanj,
Spokane
II Heln. Oakland
C Selensrer, Cal
H O Retnhert, Nevada
J Rossi, Sutte'r Creek
H L .Woolten, Sacto'
J MtLbBCoe, R Bluff
W R Kirkland, Tenn
B F Smith. Hydeville
A H Weber, Cal -,
C Stoltz, San Diego
W Chlnn. Vallejo
J Mulroy, Injrlesldft
J W B«>rmiHer & w
Stockton
T.B O'Brien,'. Sacto
5 Ed3on ' Graf ton
? B Buckner, 3 Rosa
J • McDonald. Jamestn
H JVIacI- arland. Novla
' hcotia
jy "Adalr. ImllanapUs
H Macy, Indianapolis
GRAND HOTEL.
"W 'F Cowan,' Bacto '
Mrs Cowan, Sacto
J'Harmcs, Sausalito.
TV H Bonsall." L Ang
J B Boomer, Chicago -
J W AVoods & w, Va*
A,R Balloch, Cal
8 P Cavanaph. Cal
A' C'Nahl, Berkeley
H de Forrest, Berkeley
J . J Black, Berkeley
H Griffiths, Stockton'
W A Pyle. GUroy.) •
E ¦¦ Maxwell. Bakersfld
A B Long, Freano ' ¦•
C Fendleton & -w, .¦ L A
E Stewart & w,- Ogden
J Morton. L-- Ang • v
J H Smith,- Saeto,--.-.
T' H- ; Selv8«e. Sacto -
C Kelson,; Saeto.
E C Kern. Detroit ¦ ;
P F Wood. Tularc ¦•-
C L Galvtn.Cal •'
v 8 !? 1510 "-.' Phoenix
N TV ells. Boston •
**l .Hazeland, Portia
? T?" eUy - Sact <»
« ' S> !J , Br ' B Ks. , Portland
\ri^Slf m & W ' Mlch
w. J Doherty.t C«l -
O Woodward, t xr, Cal
? r "ejryman & w. m
CHCobb,, Seattle.
C o Cushman. Chicago
J Bowman, Fresno "
J Lehman & w. L Aa»
M Simpson. Sacto T^
C R Podii * w, Sacto
JBwenion, Minn •• .-¦
C ; Dsnphy. Mlllbre*
BIT F 1 . E. MLTJT-tTICDISL.A.lXID.
CITY GOLF TEAM WINS ,
HOME AND HOME MATCH
Oaklanders in Weakened Condition
Make a Plucky. Fight on the
Presidio Links.
Though it did not secure a- victory, the
team representing the Oakland Golf Club
yesterday In the home-and-home tpurna-*
mention the Presidio links lost by a nar
rowef than. .arty Oakland team
that; ha* previously played* on the course
of the, San Francisco' Golf?' Club; C. p.
Hubbard lost one down to B.* I*- Abbot Jr.,
Arthur Goodall was one down-against J.
W. Byrne, while T.TR. HUtchlnsori was
oneup in his match against L.O. Kel
logg. The San Francisco team was
strengthened by the presence of H. B.
Goodwin,, whilo the Oaklanders were
weakened by the absence of E. .R. Folger
and R. M. Fitzgerald: H. D. • Pillsbury
won his match against J. Ames four up,
while B. D. Adamaori and H. B. Goodwin
each scored four up against their op
ponents. The total score of the San Fran
cisco team was 15 and of the Oakland
team 1, thus leaving San Francisco 14 up
on the day's play. Deducting from four
teen the four scored by theOakland team
on Saturday, January 19, on the Point
Adams course, the city golfers won the
first home-and-home match ten up; The
victory entitles the winners to the posses
sion of the trophy until the second home
and-home tournament, in April.- The .full
details are given in the table: .
Oakland — Up.1 San Francisco — Up.
W. P. Johnson 01 B. D. Adamson 4
F. S. Stratton OH. B. Goodwin.. .. 4
C. P. Hubbard OS. L: Abbot Jr ..-1
Arthur Goodall.. 0 J. W. Byrne;.......... I
T. R. Hutchlnson.... 1 L". O. Kellogif..: 0
J. Ames 0 H. D. Pillabury 5
Total ;.... l Total' ......13
A' few ladies,*tempted by the fineness ot
the weather, were out on the links watch
ing the play. The day •was "not only .an
ideal one for spectators, butalso for golf
ing, the course being in splendid condi
tion and the air almost absolutely still.
After the match was over several play
ers went around the course, among them
being. Leonard Chenery and Worthlngton
Ames: Major C. Christensen, W. J. Dut
ton, C. F. Mulllns and several other mem
bers were also on hand. . -
To-day a foursome will be played be
tween John Lawson and B. D. Adamsnn
on one side and Robert . Johnstone. the
club professional, and E. J. McCutchen
on the other. » There will also be putting
and driving competitions on the links of
the Sausalito Golf Club,- beginning at 2
p. m. Among those who will take part In
the contests on the Fort Baker links will
be Captain T.'W. M. Draper, Leonard
Chenery, H. Clay Miller. F. B. Findley,
J. M. Kilgarif. \V. P. Horn, Reginald W.
Mason, C. H. Noble and Worthlnjton
Ames. The abundant .crop of thistles
which has hitherto been the bane of golf
ers on the Fort Baker links has been
somewhat reduced. ' -
• VI- ¦*"*"«"« -?"%"»-»-•" ¦ 1 " 4 v«"4-*"."*"* 11 »'. 1 r -iTTTT
Lopez, 4-2; P. Doyle's Liberator beat T. J.
Cronin's Daisy Dale. 24-11; Russell & Allen's
Castaway beat J. Dowlins's Sir Uwrence,
7-5; E. Geary's America beat Cheetham &
Partnlgton's whim, 16*1; Curtis & Sons' Peyche
beat D. J. Healey's Xlcasio, 7-2: II. H. Gray's
¦Bannoekburn beat Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas,
13-10. .-.*¦';.¦ i *¦— -
During his racing career Hamburg- was
a marvel of speed, capturing amontf
other classic events the Flash stakes,
Congress Hall stakes, the rich Realiza
tion at one and five-eighth miles and the
Brighton cup.
This phenomenal horse was purchased
in 1897 by Marcus Daly for $41,000. Like
his illustrious Fire, Hanover, Hamburg
was accused of being a "quitter." Speak
inp of this one day at Anaconda Mr.
Daly said: "It cost Mr. Haggin and my
self a great many dollars trying to make
Coursing Talent Figures
Son of Emin Pasha
to Win.
, ..... - — — • — ¦-¦]. ; .¦ •; . ¦<
Th« rundown of the- big. 112-doff open
stake at Union Coursing Park yesterday
attracted a larger 1 crowd than has been
seeo at the grounds on a Saturday for
many months. The card offered resulted
in a good day's sport, and at no time dur
ing: the day was interest lacking-
It was a great day for the backers of
favorites, as in all there were but nine
short-ends lucky enough Jo have their col
ors raised, and in seven of these events
the odds were 5 to 3.
Curtis & Sons' Vulcan made his first ap
pearance after a long rest, and to show he
etill retained some of his old-time speed,
and stamina won a good course irom
Sweet Kmma, a favorite In the betting, at
5 to t. Vulcan was a contestant in a nnal
at San Mateo Park, which resulted fa
tally for Wanda, his opponent, i It was
thought this would prove the undoing of
the curtls dog. ' • • •¦
The linals to-day should furnish some
close going. i Greenhall and America are
even tavorites in the long odds book for
ttrat honors, being held at 6 to X. flood
gate, Chicago Boy and Mac's Melody are
quoted at 6 to 1, while Royal Flush is sell
lne at 8 to 1. . '
Cireenhall looks best at the top of the
card, • while America seems to be in. a
groove of his own at ihe lower end. Thes»e
two of first choice will not. meet except in
the final and the chances are more In.
favor of the Emln Pasha representative.
Amerlca'B only hard opponent, according
to the figuring of his backers, would be
Mac's Melody and If she should be for
tunate enough . to gain the right to con
tost -with him it is .thought .that she will
have had too much work to win out from
the youngster. . ,
The Champion stake-will be run off In
Its entirety and with the bunch of fast
ones entered a treat- is in store for to
day's patrons. « ¦ •
Beacon holds first claim on the purse?
of the bettors. He is already a favorite
for the staka at the prohibitive odds of
6 to 5. . -.-¦-••••
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake, first round— O. O.- Peterson's Sllr
ver Cloud beat Pasha Kennels' Real Article,
6-3; J. E. Hodgkin'B Kin* Cashier beat Pasha.
Kennels' Round Ahout, 3-2; G. Lennon's Half
Moon beat H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence, 11-8;
Russell & Allen's First Foot beat J. R. Smith's
Petronlus. 8-1; IV J. • Reilly's Willful Widow
beat Pasha Kennels' Rose Atwood, 6-3; Aenelcl
Kennels' Fine Tire beat P. J. Reilly's Miss
Evan\ 18-6;- J. ¦ Smith's -Boney Bpy beat J.
Hurley's Rlley Grannan, 22-10; H. A. Deckel
man's Flyaway beat W. Cairne's Imperial.
6-2; Yosemlte Kennels' Beauty Spot beat T.
J. Cronin's Vandal, 6-3; Brskine & Jones' Lav
ender beat P. J. Reilly's The Grafter, 5-2;
George Nathercott'u Floodgate beat Pasha.
Kennels' Risky Attempt. 8-1; Gold Dust Ken
nels' Tyrone Prince beat J. I. O'Brien's
Statesman, 8-2: Qeorpe Sharman'B Chlcag-o Boy
beat H. A. Deckelman's Belle Rocket. 6-0: J.
R. Smith'" Injury beat T. VV. Bartels' Best
Brand. 7-5; Captain Clarkson's Golden Garter
beat Gold Dupt Kennels' Sir Hughle, Zi-SlP.
J. Reilly's Early Dawn beatVosemtte Kennels'
Blr Van. 6-4; J. R. Smith's Password beat Yo
¦amlte Kennels' Rebecca, 5-0; A. Buker's Ka
naka beat George Sharman's Black Flunh,
7-6; D. J. Healey's Tapioca beat T. 'J. - Cro
nin's Wild Tralee, 4-3; Pasha Kennels' Roman
Athlete beat Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist,
6-0; Curtis & Sons' Maud G beat J. Hurley's
Gransercy. 14-6: T. Tlerney's Tea Rosa beat
George Sharman's Bowery Boy, 10-6; F. A. He
Comb's Bona Fide beat J. I. O'Brien's Wan
dering Tom. 6-1; Russell & Allen's Spiteful
beat J. Smith's Master Workman, R-6; Captain
Cane's Greenhall beat E. M. Kelloirir'a Iowa
Boy. -5-8; Curtis & Sons' Vulcan beat E. ,St.
KelloKg-'s Sweet Emma. 4-2; J. H. Perigro's
Controller beat Yosemito Kennels' Freedom's
Banner. 6-5; T. A. MeComb's' Blr Pasha
beat TV Tierney'n Lucretta Borgia. 8-2;
P. J. Healey's Urania beat A. Vanderwtiite's
L*ar King. 5-J:. Curtis & Sons' Charta beat
R. Strehl's Three Cheers. 10-7; Pasha Kennels'
May Hemrstead beat Russell & Allen's Talk
to Me. 11-3; P. Brophy's Benlcia Boy beat
Gold Duet Kennels' Forget. 3-1; George Parkin
son's. Ben Lomond beat E. M. Kel lore's Kid
McCoy. 3-2; P. Jackson's, Honor Bright : beat
Curtis '* Sons'- Bcho, 3-1; Yosemite Kennels'
Uncle Fuller beat T. J. Crontn's Vlx«n, 8-4;
Kiwln & Lyons' Silver Wlnsrs beat J. Hurley's
Hurricane. 7-4: EV A. - McComb'B Royal Flush
b«-at Aeneld Kennels' Achilles. • 8-4; Curtis &
Sons' Warpath beat L'. F. : Bartels' Beat Bar
gain lrt-3; Curtis &• Sons' Shadow beat Rus
scll &' Allen's Strayaway, 6-1; W. C. Glasson'i
Drwdrop beat J. Dean's Klsquoc. 4-1; J. Hur
!!•>*• O K Canltol beat Tasha Kennels'. Ready
Always. B-2; Pterl t Knowles' Olita beat Gold
L-Ufit Kennels' Ht. Michael. 11-7; T. W. Bar
tels' Mac's' Melody beat" H. -A. ; Deckelman's
S?r.an#hot. 6-1; Aeneld Kennels' Asthra heat
T. Kenny's May Boy. U-5;« M.' Dillon's Chal
ler.Ker beat P. Doyle's Thelma.:, 10-8; Pasha
Kennels' Belle Claire beat Curtis & Sons' Me-
Klnley, 15-12; Captain Cane's Master ¦ Daven
pcrt beat Pasha Kennels' ' Run Alone. 8-6:
Curtis A Ron*' Kibosh beat Yostmlte Kennels'
Nordlca. 4-0: Russell AAllen'* • Wed ding Bell*
beat A. Vanderwhite's • Master Gordon, 32-1;
P. J. Reilly's Ijoughneajh beet , Russell : &
Allen's Faithful L*a," 5-4; Pa«ha Kecnels'
r.andom Aim beat George McDoueall's Colonel
NO horse sale In recent years has
attracted such widespread atten
tion among turfmen as the com*
In* dispersal sale of the late Mar
cus Daly's Bitter Root stud, to
be held by the*Faslg-Tlpton Company at
Madison-Square Garden, New Tork, be
ginning Wednesday, January 30, inst. The
star of this monster consignment of stal
lions, brood mares and horses in training
will, of course, b« the sensational Ham
burg, son of Hanover and Lady 1 Reel.
AMERICA SELLS
AS FIRST CHOICE
Collegians Will Rescind
Former Action as to
the Big Game. ,
Hanover . quit. . Now I'll give some of
these fellows a chance to make Ham
burg quit with rtieir fast ones— if they
can oatch him."
There will beyond question be some
ppiritert bidding when Hamburg is led
Into the ring, and speculation is rife as
to the price he will bring. Many are in
clined to think the future home of Han
over's son will be-in England, but If
"William C. Whitney Is a bidder and wanta
the horse it ia difficult to foretell how
much higher than $50,000 the figure
¦jvlll be.
MORE FOOTBALL
FOR THIS CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 27, 1901.
CALIFORNIA JOKEY TO RIDE FOR KING EDWARD
Ridden by Jenkins, the Brown Horse
Beats The Lady a Head. .
EDDIE JONES MAKES
NEW COAST RECORD
24
ADVEETISEMEJJTS.
A. servant »lrls" union has b«en tonned
In Watertown, N. Y., on a basis of "hour*
from 7 a. m. to 1 p. m. and waxes U to J5
a week." - ¦'mg&&&Sggffl&3m
AllllA jAfl'n * R*wl Waterproof
I *B 1M4 V Smokelees Po-wder. in bul'<
lilj tor catak. ¥ ue O f spotting
UVIiV "O"^ 1 - r 'KO. W. 8HRKVB.
729 Market street.
visr* OR. JORDAN'S orcat
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
.Bf Tho L*ixe«>natonilaU Museum in the
g', JL V'ortd. T*e*ka***m ot any contracted
55; BtM d!»«aie pfriJ«l«^»7 ..rod t>y ibe oldeM
Sf Q| speciiiu ca tfu. Co«st. Eit 38 yam.
I D3- «33JUi-PBIlrATE DISEASES
P^W% Co-»lt»ttoo trtm and itrfc-rty prtnto
I 'tn wnem personally nr by letter. A
I TQ *•»«»•• Cm-tinncrj 03m undertaken.
fl // IJflf W W e for B»k. rHilOIOraic-
fl |l \\V IBAJtaiAGS. MAtlSO IIU !A
' Q jl, <Musi9M beoh fcr meal
Aft JTORDAM A CO.. XOt ilartet at. 3. F.
Weak Men
Prof. Laborde's Wonderful French Preparation
"CALTHOS"
Restores Lost Manhood.
5 DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Absolute! j FREE by Scaled Malt
FRO?. JULE3 L43OHDB.
DISCO VKB£B OF ••tALTUOA,"
"Cil.THOt" M pnt before yoa en its tneiitt
ftlona. Try it and pnt It to ths test. Try II tr*t>.
Thers is no urcurit/ required— 00 C O. D. scheme.
&«nd us your nams .in. I oddraas. and we will sand
yon enough "iAiTlHW to last fWe days. It
Trill b« sent In i» »ealr.| pnebnge {j mall.
The marTcloni Fr»-ucli • rroivdy "tii'iliiix"
recently introduced 111 this country by taa Von llohl
Co.. of Cincinnati. Ohio, one of tha largest. ricWt
and noat responsiblo buxiaess firms in tLe Coited
State*, has attracted tbo attention of th« entJr»
medicul profession tecaiiw vt tho wonderful «r*i
It has tffecfwl. If roa suffer from Lost Uanhood.
Varicocele. A\eaknrss of any naturo la tb* Sexual
Organs or Nerves, < no matter how eansed.) or If tb*
pans aro nmleTHnpert or hare shrunken or wasted
away "CM1.THOS" will rmtore yon.
"CALTHO*" i« tl;e (lisc..»fry of Prof. Jules U-
bora*. fmn««l 'n Paris ss France's foremost srecialtst.
"CAUHUS"!! theouly r*-ni^.!y recogoized by
th« medical profecslvn as a specific cure for weak ro«n.
"CALTIIO^Cbit the endorsement ut tbe Ger-
man and French government*, and in largv..? used in
">• staniiing armies of tliiwe coontrie*.
Allcorretpniiileiice-relatina: to the~CJal.TH©Sl'*
aspartment of our buinness in strictly confldentiai.
no neither publish nur furnish ustimoniib.
AddrewThe VOM MOHL CO.. 177 B,
ifWl Inpnrurs or Siwtanl
Fr.p»r mlI >>o.ioib.-l-. s. ' CINCINNATI. OHSCTo Start a Chinese Banking Houss.
• L. H. Kentwell. late of Honolulu. Is 'in
the city for the purpose of establishing
a Chinese banking 1 house. He Is at pres
ent residing at 1119 Geary street, and
since his arrival has interviewed the lead
ing: Chinese residents, all of whom favor
his proposition and will take stock in the
proposed bank.' Kentwell will in a few
days open his subscription books and
launch the corporation ' with a capital
stock of $500,000, divided into 50.000 shares
at $10 each. The Chinese merchants have
promised to take a large number of the
shares.. Kentwell was formerly employed
in a bank In Honolulu. His father is an
Englishman and his mother is. Chinese.
VICTORIA, B. C. Jan. 26.— For failure
to get a large amount of merchandise into
the Klondike district as per contract I.
G. Wilson is endeavoring to obtain $32,009
damages from the Canadian Development
Company in the Dawson courts. The
plaintiff shipped freight by the Canadian
Development Company in the fall of 1&»
and when it failed to reach Dawson h*
instituted the action now being tried at
Dawson against .the company. Great in
terest is being taken in the trial and It
promises to be the hardest fousrht legal
battle in the history of the Klondike.
There Is a veritabe • army of legal talent
engaged.
Sues Transportation Company.
OAKLAND. Jan. 26.— "Library Archi
tect utt" was the subject of a <1i«c\i?siin
this afternoon In the Ebell clubrooms u-i
der the direction of Mrs. William I.
Krlcnd. Thf rpeakers were Miss Msj -v
Kloyd Williams*. W. B. Faville and Pio
fessor W. D. Annes. *
Architecture Was Discussed.
Windmifl Takes Oil His Thumb.
OAKLANl>. Jan. 28-— While oiling a
windmill atihls home, 1685 Eighth street.
this mornfig Roger Sicotte had tha
thumb of his left hand taken off through
it being caught in the cogwheels of th»
mechanism Awhile the mill was revolving
rapidly. Sl<*otte thought the mill had been
shut off frOm below, and went to work
on It without investigating. The injured
hand was dressed by Dr. Wilkes. and Sl
cotte will b*' laid up for some time.
Personal.
Paul Neutnann of Hawaii arrived from
Honolulu Ftiday and will remain in this
city several weeks. Mr. Neumann served
In the Sena e of the first California Leg
islature aftpr the adoption of the new
constitution! He represented the Tend
Senatorial I>istrict of San Francisco.
OAKLAND, Jan. 26. — The Indianapolis
Krpine Company has fi'.ed pult to compel
Daniel Best, the San Leandro pa? engine
maker, to refund S-'SOO on account of al
lfped breach of contract. The complaint
rc-cStes that the Indianapolis concern pur
chased th* exclusive right to manufacture
End Fell the B<??t enpint-s in all territory
«ut*ide of the Pacific States for J^.*>"t.
They now <-oir plain that th« defends; t
ha5 not lived up to the term? of the agree
ment, and R?k th» court to order return ll
1*500 already paid by them on the pul
chase price. f
Alleges Breach of Contract.
in the Hall of I<odge No. 3
I/ast Night. .
San Francisco Lodge No. 3, B. P. O. E..
held high Jinks last night in Its elegantly
appointed hall, ¦which •was made more at
tractive than usual with American flags
and fancy colored lights. There were
present about 300 full-grown. Elks, includ
ing many visitors from other lodges.
An excellent programme of varied num
bers was rendered. James M. Ward was
the seer of the" evening, and while he was
In the chair -there were ho delays or stage
waits. Those who -contributed to the en
joyment were the Elks' quartet. La Bo
hemle quartet. Master Gorman, the boy
soprano; Frank Thompson of Ogilvle. Dr.
Sleberat and Mr. Kuggles of Loa Angeles
Lodge. After the show was over there
were contributions by professional talent.
At 11 o'clock the gavel brought all present
to their feet, and there was the toast to
"The Absent Ones." This was feelingly
responded to by Mr. Cooper of Los An
geles Lodge. TKe Jinks was under the di
rection of the entertainment committee,
composed of Dr. E. N. Short. A. J. Car
many, Gus L'lrich and Robert Churchill.
SAN FRANCISCO- ELKS
ENJOY A HIGH JINKS
An Entertaining Programme Offered
Ward-^ / , . Morgan. Henry.
First • 29
Second '.. : 13 ¦' -18
Third :...;.... 29 ..
Fourth : 28 " ..
Fifth ............:...• .. . 2S
Sixth! ..:..........•...-."." 26 • 3
Seventh I .' ..- ; 14 ¦ . . 13
Totals. -141'' :.mV^
* For Attorney ¦ James - A. 'Johnson
was nominated by. George W. • Reed > and
We want a Mayor who will harmonize all the
departments and will be watchful of all th»>
interests of the city, preserving them against
every danger. We want a Council, of business
capacity, enlarged, and progressive Ideas, and
whose members will not ouarrel . with each
other or Indulge in any gallery play or aspire
to self-laudation or self-benefit. We want a
Board of Education that -will educate our chil
dren rather than destribute patronage to young
and newly fledged ¦ teachers, Juot because they
want positions. We want a Board of Public
Works that Is not' always flprhtlntr Itself to the
detriment of the business of the city. We want
a City Attorney who is a good lawyer and not
a partisan.
Phil M. Walsh made an eloquent sneech
nominating Anson Barstow for Mayor,
the chief second being Major J. L.' Brom
ley. The nomination was made by a
rising vote. Mr. .Barstow was cheered
heartily when he appeared before the
delegates and • decla red he ' would support
the platform. ¦¦¦¦ ¦'*-;.;
The order of business called for the
nomination of Councilmen. They were
named as follows:
First Ward— Darby Knowles presented "Cap
tain J. H- McMenomy: Second. Ward— William
Moller named William W.-Chllds: Third Ward—
Edward TaKsart named George Fitzgerald:
Fourth Ward— Welles Whlttemonj named Rob
ert J Boyer: Fifth Ward— Phil II. Walsh
named JohnO. Cadman: Sixth Ward— Daniel
Doody named Louis Schaffer: Seventh Ward—
Clinton G. Dodge, named George B. M. Gray.
The nominations were made by accla-
W. wl Knickerbocker of the First Ward
named- Charle" A. Bon for Councilman at
large; A.' J. Frick. Second Ward, named
Colonel AV-.-C. Little: Geonre W. Rped.
Third Ward, named R. B. Gaylord: Clin
ton G. Dodge.' Seventh Ward.. named B.
H. Griffins; P. M. Walsh. Fifth Ward,
named E. R. Allon. There were four td
be chosen, so Chairman Gray called for
a ballot, but Griffins' name .was. with
drawn by. Dodge.. The four remaining
were chosen by acclamation. . .
Th« School Directors came next, with
ot<t contest.' in the' following order:
First Ward— Fred" C- Cll ft.- Second Ward—
H. M. Sanborn. Third Ward— A. C. Schles
slnger.' Fourth Ward— Giles .H. Gray. ; Fifth
Ward— John '• D." Isaac". • Sixth Ward— Daniel
R. , Robertson. Seventh ¦ Ward — R." , H. Cross.
At :• large— S. > H. Strike/ Dr. Myra Knox,
'Charts H. Redlngton and J.W. Evans:
There was no opposition to the nomina
tion of George C. Gross, for Auditor." He
was named by^W. H.,L. Hynes. . .
Welles ' Whittemore • namf d C. B. Mor
gan for Treasurer, and P. ' M. . Walsh ; pre
sented A. C. Henry. The balloting was as
follows: ¦',-¦; ; . i ,
Because of absence from the city H. E.
Garnett and C. H. Dunsmuir. delegates
from the Second Ward, resigned. The
delegation filled- the vacancies.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion and order of business was made up
of E. D. Mendall. Major J., L. Bromley,
A. C. Schlessinsrer. A. L. Fish. L. A.
Ftevenson. Ed Doyle ana George B. M.
Gray (chairman).
The committee on platform and resolu
tions consisted of George P. Morrow, W.
d. Hawoett. Edward Taggart. H. H.
North, John O. Cadman, W. P. Courtney,
C. G. Dodge. .-C
Clinton G. Dodge handed up a resolution
calling for the improvement of the
Twelfth street clam and W. W. Knicker
bocker presented one demanding a plank
favoring municipal ownership of water
works. Both went to the committee, with
out debate upon vote of the convention.
Mst.ior Bromley,' the v-teran ReDublican
of Alameda County, demanded that thu
Stars and Stripes bo placed In evidence.
Chairman Gray appointed Delegate Darby
Knowles to see that the flag was put into
position.
After recess Chairman Gray and the
other temporary officers were made per
manent. The chairman addressed the con
vention, saying:
Flret Ward— C. A. Kllnkner for 'William
Ilondllngyon. C. A. Kllnkner for J. Oilman.
J. Mrt>ermott for R. McDercnott. E. Trefethen
for Malllcr Fearles. /
Second Ward-William Moller for C. K Cot
ton William Moller for Pr. Theo Olmstead.
A 'Arlett ten- W. W. Ohllds. E. F. Scott for
Hobert Scott. A. I-. Frlck for J. Selvelra. J.
S. Wlxson for John Alves, James Little for
James Robet M. C. Chapman for W. L. El
liott. n.*Mar?ton for W. H. Gibbs, Mr. Lan*
slaff for W. W. Tucker, W. G. Hackett for
H. M. Ranborn.
Third Ward— W. IT. !>.. Hynes for Oeorge
Sr.hniels. Edwin Taggart for Anders Peterson.
\V. H. L. Hynes for Louis Burr*Hn, A. C.
fchlejsineer for Wallace \ Everson, George
Fitzgerald for C. M. White. George Jackson
for W H. Hal»ey, A. C. Schleswlnirer for E.
F» Rrangs. W. H. K Hynes for E. S. Dowdle.
Fourth Ward-H. P. Travers for P. C. Hlaek,
O. H. Gray for Oeorge I). Gray. Daniel Mc-
Carty for E. J. Ilahn. -C. T. J*cobu« tor -T.
I.. Harnes. O. H.iOr»v for T. U Barker. W.
II Church for- Frank N. Smith. Rod W.
(SurcK for Edward Everett. Z. N. Goldsby for
A. J. Cloud.
Fifth Ward- P.' M. Walsh for John Hu'ehln
scn," P. M. Walfh for T>r. Tl. O. Baldwin. J.
O Cadman for R. M. Iwman. J. O. Cadman
fo'r A. P Brayton Jr., E. L. Johnson for A.
L. Black. . v;
Sixth WahI— V. Pnencer for A. Leffler. D. W.
r»oody for E. Lynch.
Seventh Ward— P. L. White for L. N. Cobble
dlck C- O. Dodge for B. H. Griffins. O.
Weaver' for E. U I,awrence. C. O. Wentworth
for J R Brown. K. Reed for Albert Schmidt,
T. O'Donnell for H. H. Colby. E. Nusbaumer
for James McMullan. Fred Leeballlster for F.
N. Davle. . . ;
by Chairman Gray on credential"! :
Chairman, William Moller: John Chlcon,
W, H. I>. Hynes, R. O. Graham. P. M.
Walsh, F. H. Clough and George Chase.
The committee reported the following
list of proxies: ~ "- v
The adorted resolution ¦ to have ¦ the candi
dates - appear and rndorse . the." platform was
waived • In mad hast* : for nominations, , and
the spirit of the convention was entirely averse
to' calm deliberation and wise choice of can
didates. . -- *yg»a*sa»>Bfia^~*»i<t Va>wfe^M*»
The candidates proposed were not objection
able to the delegates of. the Fifth Ward, but
an opportunity for selection was denied. ¦
D. EDWARD COLU.NS.
- A municipal primary was held on Wednes
day and the convention was called to order
last, night. No caucus In ths -Fifth Ward had
been called, and , at the convention th« dele
gates were not prepared ' to vote. •
Names of candidates for the different offices
were proposed, but no discussion of . any kind
took place. Precipitate action in nominating
a prearranged ticket", was protested against
without • avail. .."
The direct cause of my withdrawal from the
convention was because the going into a pub-,
lie senslon. for the purpose (frankly avowed
by the maker of the motion) to make final
"nomination of the .first five officers within
thirty minutes," was In direct violation of
the spirit of a resolution previously adopted,
to the effect that all the candidates whose
names had been presented should appear before
the convention, formally pledge themselves
to its platform and be questioned as to their
position on any subject raised by the assem
bled delegates; also that this should, be done
before final action and in executive session.
Some of the candidates whose names had
been presented for Mayor as well as for other
offices were not present.
There -was an evident purpose to railroad
candidates . through regardless of any oppor
tunity for discussing their merits and. con
trary to all precedent in former conventions
of the league.
There was however, another reason for my
withdrawal more vital and more far-reaching.
It was because I became last night fully
convinced of what I had for some time feared,
viz.: That a spirit of narrowness, bigotry and
extreme partisanship had gained ¦ the ascend
ancy in the councils of the league, that it no
longer stood • for the high principles avowed
In its constitution and in its platform, but
had been prostituted to serve the purposes of
a mere faction of the Republican patty whose
grievance, dates back to - the Congressional
campaign' of last summer.
There was a strong effort made last night
to pledge the convention In advance not to
nominate for any office any man who would
also accept a nomination at the hands of the
Republican convention to-day.-
I regard this policy as extremely narrow
and unwise.. 1
While I was not committed tolany particu
lar ' candidate who seemed likely \to receive, a
nomination at that convention and doubted If
we could indorse many, if any. of their can
didates! yet I wanted . the league to b# free
to indorse pood men wherever they could be
found, regardless of. the fact of their be
ing either, nominated or rejected by any other
party.
This I have understood to represent the non
partl;an spirit and purpose of the league. If
I am mistaken In thls.^then I have- been out
of place In being a member thus far. '
I think I can best answer the question as to
my attitude < on ¦ the water ¦ question by stating
that the planks In the league's platform re
lating to "public ownership and water sup
ply," nlso "control ; over corporations operat-
Inr public utilities" were a part of my contri
bution to that document, and 'were considered
strong enough to be adopted by my associ
ates on the committee. ' These planks express
my sentiments on th«se nueitlons.. . "
J R. H. CHAMBERLAIN.
In a siened publ'o «.ta tenant of his atti
tude D. Edward says:
' OAKLAJU), Cal., Jan. K; 1901.
In an honorable desire : to secure good gov
ernment I allied myself with the Municipal
League. ' - " - ¦ . s .
The 1 opportunity seemed ripe for the lntro-
Ouctlon of a new era In municipal affairs, and
there was a promise that our city offices were
to be filled with a .very superior class of men.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2C— The withdrawal of
R. H. Chamberlain and D. Edward Col
lins from the Municipal League conven
tion last night was followed to-day by
the resignation of both those gentlemen
from the league. Alexander T. Stewart,
also a delegate to the convention, has pre
sented his resignation as a member of the
Municipal League. Mr. Collins was treas
urer and for many years one of the most
active in the official body of the league.
Mr. Chamberlain made the following
statement to-day: 1. '.
and Issue Signed Statements.
EESIGN FEOM THE LEAGUE.
Chamberlain and Collins Withdraw
George W. Reed, R. -W. Church. Asa V.
Mendenhall. Everett Brown and A. W. Bishop.
The convention adjourned with cheers
for the ticket.- ¦> ; ". '
After the selection of the City Central
Committee the convention elected the fol
lowing named delegates as a purity of
elections committee:
For Free Library Trustees George S.
Evans was nominated by B. P. Miller. J.
C. Dunne was nominated by Robert Gra
ham. J. C. Clift presented W. W. Knick
erbocker. Murray Laldlaw was the choice
of the Third Ward. George W. Reed
named Fred Kahn. The nominations were
unanimous.
Frederick C. Turner was presented by
H.- H. North' for the nomination of City
Engineer and seconded by B. P. Miller.
He was nominated by acclamation.
I have not sought- this nomination and I
want every voter in the city of Oakland to
know that In accepting It no man, In this
hall or out of this hall, has ever said one
word to me in the shape of pledge, promise or
agreement as to my candidacy or election. I
believe that a public officer should give, in
telligent Industry and absolute integrity to the
sen-ice of the city. That I promise to give
if I shall be elected.
I want every man on this ticket to be elect
ed, and there must be harmony. I withdraw
in favor of James A. Johnson.
In accepting the nomination Mr. John
son said:
seconded by C. G. 'Dodge. M. C. Chapman
of the. Second Ward presented the name
of Asa V. Mendenhall. seconds coming
from the" First Ward. Mr. Mendenhall ex
pressed his appreciation and withdrew his
name, saying:
SOME OF THE MEN NOMINATED BY THE REPUBLICAN MUNICIPAL
CONVENTION OF OAKLAND TO LEAD THE FIGHT AT THE BALLOT
BOXES NEXT MARCH. ;
Interest to the reports of the livestock
interests - and the cotton seed oil manu
facturers, and is unable to see In this
measure anything that can greatly injura
-either. The Secretary expressed the opin
ion before the committee that the- dairy
cow was a' necessity toward the restora
tion of exhausted cotton lands of th»
South. We heard some objection to this
measure . from organized labor, and
while It is- true that some labor
ing men may prefer, as a matter of
pride, to consume oleomargarine that is
yellow instead of white, yet your com
mittee believes that, while the pride of
some- may suffer under this measure,
which will raise the tax In the colored
and reduce it in the uncolored, a far
greater number are now being: deceived
through the sale of oleomargarine as but
ter and at butter prices."
The minority report Is sifrned by Sena
tors Heitfeld and Money and Senator Bate
concurs In their conclusion. They present
a substitute bill providing more stringent
restrictions upon the retail dealer and for
proper marking of oleomargarine, but re
moving 1 the restriction as to coloring. Tha
minority takes the position that oleomar
garine is a legitimate article of commerce,
and auotes the United States Supremo
Court to substantiate this position. - It
finds that most of. the frauds in connec
tlorr with the oleomargarine trade are
committed by the retail dealers, and say
the mak«rs of butter cannot rightfully
claim an exclusive right to use coloring
•matter.*----'-* • ¦-•:" • •
"The object of the pending bill."
it says, "is* to prevent competition be
tween two home industries by building up
the one and destroying the other. Such
use of the taxing power of the Govern
ment la a business which should not b«
encourared -or even tolerated for a mo
ment. The bill Is class legislation of tha
most dangrrous character. It Is not de
manded by any . economic conditions in
this country and its passage would be not
only a perversion of the taxing power of
the Oovernrtient.' but a violation of th»
constitution £>oth in Its letter and spirit."
"The bill appears to be unanimously de
sired by the farmers of the country who
are engaged in dairying and has the earn
est approval -of the Secretary of Agricul
ture.. Your committee has listened with
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26,-Senator Proc
tor, chairman of the Senate Committee
on Agriculture, to-day presented to the
Senate the report of the committee on
the oleomargarine bill. Tbe report Is fa
vorable to the bill, but Senator Heitfeld
presented a minority report adverse to It.
The majority report says:
tee Report's Favor
ably.
Majority of Senate Commit-
OLEOMARGERINE
BILL APPROVED
OREEXBERO PCES AGAIN.— Another ac
t-on a?aln*t the Western Turf Afsoclctlon for
i rfamsces for unlawful eviction was filed " yes
| tf-rda.;- by Hyman Oreenbenr. The plaintiff I
prays Judgment for {30.000 damages and costs.
RETIRING CHOIRMASTER HONORED. -
Professor James Hamilton Howe, the retiring
crgranlst and choirmaster of St. Paul's Epis
copal Church, was presented with an elegant
silver service by the members of the choir last
nlBht. •
FORGERT CHARGE DISMISSED.— The case
of Attorney George O' Byrne, charged with for
1'irr oomplalnt of Mm. Ellen Monnler of
435 Fulton Ftre^t. was d!«mls*ed by Judere Fritx
yesterday, as the complaining witness declined
to prosecute.
CHARGES NOT PROVED.— The cases of
Ouong Mine-. Chen Sam and Ah Lee. arrested
three weeks a&o for keeping bouses of III fame
in Chinatown, were dismissed by. Judge Fritz
yesterday on the ground there was no evi
dence to sustain the chanre.
1 ROB A GROCERY STORE.^Henrr McDer
mott was arrested by Officers Sullivan and
Murphy and Special Officer Dougherty at 2
i r, 1 dick yesterday morning and chanred with
! burtrlary. He was caught with poods stolen
i from Hatfelds & Burke's store at Bryant and
Harriet streets. .
j FIRE DEPARTMENT.— The Board of. Fire
j Commissioners has accepted the resignations
of Uleutenant George Farley of Engine No. 31
find Joseph Drown, hofiemnn of Engine. No. 2,
: and appointed C H. Hlenemann driver of En
i ein* No. 17, J. D. Sullivan hoseman of Com
; rany 12, and Silvio Rocco hossman o£ Engine
i No. J. ¦ y-r;ti
j VOLUNTEER FIREMEN BANQUET.— The
Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Association held
, Its twenty-flfth annual banquet at the L.lck
j la?t fvenlnir President Stephen Bonner was
I presented with a handsome grold watch and
I chain as a mark of Rppreclatipn of his long
service as the head of the association.
OVERCOAT THIEF SENTENCED.— William
Warner, the es-oonvlct who stole three over
cnats from the Bohemian Club Monday night
snd a bronze clock from Dr. EUlnwood's of
| floe on Kearny street, was convicted by Judge
• Fritz yrftenfay on four chances of petty lar
¦ cf-ny. The Judge sentenced him to two years
in the County Jail. \
LAUNDRY WORKERS* MEET.— The laundry
worker* of all the hi* stt»am laundries of the
city met at 1159. Mission street last night and
listened to speeches by W. Goff, president of
the Labor Council, and A. R. Andre, secretary
Brewery Drivers* and Bottlers' Union. Dele
gates were elected to the Labor Council and a
charter applied for.
KNIGHTS OF ST. PATRICK!— The commlt
| tee of the Knights of St. Patrick appointed at
| the last meeting of the so<-!ety "to arrange for
the celebration of V/ashlnRton's birthday met
j last nifrht In Pioneer Hall and arranged an
interesting programme for that occasion. The
entertainment will be held at Metropolitan
Hall on Thursday evenlns, February 21, and'
will be complimentary.
EPWORTH LEAGUE CONVENTIO.V.-The
V)»rd of directors of the Merchants' Associa
tion pawd a series of resolutions at their last
meeting favoring the Epworth League con
vention which meets here In July next They
ask the buslneM and professional men as well
us property owners and capitalists of the city
to assist those who are endeavoring to make
?.he convention a notable success.
HUNTINGTON SENTENCE POSTPONED -
fbe case of Dr. Ralph A. Huntlngton. con
.•!cted of manslaughter In connection wl h the
Jeath of Miss Jennie McKeown. his B weet
*ieart. was called m .lud«re Lawlor' s court ye 8 .
I"? 8 /;*. 1 *' Ferral for the defendant
Ssked that sentence be postponed for a week
££,1 w Ju< '^ K»nted the request. An appeal
!»-ll! be taken to the Supreme Court "»T»'
= JUDGES ON THE SICK LlST.-Superlor
3unse Cook was unable to hold court yester
day, ©win* to sickness, and Jud?e Graham
oontlnued the cares on his calendar until to
morrow when his decision on the motion to
quash the indictment In the Craven perjury
case will, it is expected-. b« delivered. Police
Judpes Conlan and Mcpan were also on the
•Ick list -enterday and Judjre Cnbanlgs had to
continue the c&se» on their calendars.
ATTORNEY ARRESTED FOR BATTERY —
Charles W. Smythe, an attorney, was arrestM
yesterday morning on a charge of battery. He
represented Nick Harvey, an actor living at
10C3% Howard street, the complaining witness
Ir, a case of misdemeanor embezzlement against
D. E. Rice. In Judge Cahnnl*s* court When
the case was continued fimythe and Harvey
followed Rice along Kearny street, and at
Pine street Rice stopped and asked what thev
were following htm for. The He was passed
between Smythe 'and Rice, -arid Smythe struck
Rice and knocked him down.
jrrounfis: First, that It delegates judicial
powers to an executive officer; and sec
ond, that it subverts the constitutional
rtght of a citizen to acquire and possess
property. :..>:
He supported his first contention by
arpruing that under the provisions of the
law the Auditor was authorized to adjudi
cate the forfeiture incurred by Infringing
the law and to deduct it from the amount
of the claim. ¦ . ¦
On the second point he said that it was
inplied in the principle that a man was
not to be restrained in acquiring and pos
sessing property, that he should have the
rijfht to labor at any time he saw fit.
On Monday J. E. McElroy will argue the
case for the labor unions. State' Com
missioner of I,abor Myer. who was In
cnurt. cited a recent decision of the
Kansas Supreme Court in support of the
law. This decision holds that a State or
municipality holds the same relation to
its employes that an Individual does and
hence may regulate the hours they are to
work.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
COHEN* DIES.— Cohen, the rawnbroker who
fhot himself at 137 Third street last Wednes
day nirht. died of -his wound Friday night
in the Mount ZJon Hospital. • *
BIT.GLAR PENTENCEP.-EdT»rd Fhea.
¦who was convicted on a charge of •fcurfclary.
ar>r*ar«»d for sentence before Judpe Lawlor
yp^terday. The Jii'lce Bentenced him to flve
years fn San Cuentin.
Oakland Lawyer Argues in Court That a Man May
Work "When He So Pleases and
Quotes Decisions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Jan. 26.
In the salt of John Worthlngton to
compel City Auditor Breed to pay a war
rant for work done for the city. F. L. But
ton, attorney for the plaintiff, attacked
the t-alidity of the cipht-hour law. under
the provisions of which the Auditor re
fused to approve the claim.
Success — "Way Down East" at
Manager St-vcns Expects to Repeat
"Worthington was awarded the contract
for replanklng; the city wharf last sum
mer. an«i In order to finish the Job within
th«> required time, got the consent of his
m^n to work nine hours a day. The
Building Trades Council found out that
the men were working overtime and
varned Worthington that they would pro
test his bill when he presented it to the
«"ouncll on the ground that he was in
fringing upon the State eight-hour law.
This protest brought on the present suit.
Attorney Button bared h's claim of the
unconstitutionaMtyof the State law on two
THEEE MUSKETEERS" AT
THE DEWEY THEATEE
the Macdonough.. ,
OAKLAND. Jan. 26.— The attraction for
next w^ek at '.he Dewey Theater will be
"The Three Mr.tk'-tecrs." Manager Ste
vens has taken particular pains to see
that it is properly ptaped and presented.
The play was plven at this theater a year
p.frn and scored a g-reat hit. The presenta
tion r>t the piay '•N>1I Gwynne," which
•was t" have hi-en put on next week, has
Veen indefiritely postponed on account of
Feme (".slayr-d urersery.
"Way Down Kast"**will play three nights
of next wffk. commencing with Monday,
at the Macdonough Theater.
STATE'S EIGHT-HOUR LAW
ATTACKED BY AN ATTORNEY
We are In favor of such" amendments to our
city charter as shall remove the Mayor, City
Attorney and City Engineer from the Board
of Public Works, and shall. Rive to the City
(Council the power to control the assessment
for city" taxes upon- city property without the
consent of the County Assessor. •. - •
We pledge our nominees to favor ami strict
ly enforce the law whereby *>lj?ht hours shall
constitute a full day's work on all public
buildings, work and enterprises. .
We are in favor of the formation of a con
solidated city and county government for the
city of Oakland and vicinity at the earliest
practicable time. •
We pledge our nominees to do all within
their power to reduce water rates to the lowest
limit permissible under the terms of the con-j
stltution and of the law.
• We also pledge our nominees to continue, to a
final conclusion the defense of that action now
pending wherein the Contra Costa Water Com
pany Is plaintiff and the city of Oakland Is
defendant.
We favor the entrance into our city of all
competing transcontinental railroads and pledge
our nominees to -favor and to errant surh fran*
chlscp as may be required to Induce said roads
to enter this eitv and reach our harbor front.
and to do everything in their power to encour
age manufacturing and commercial enterprise
to locate in our city. „,-
We pledge ourselves 'anew to favor th» free
public school system in our city of Oakland.
We ere In favor of thefurnlFhlni? and proper
equipment of n'jr public library' building, of
the raislntr. widening and permanent Improve
ment of the Twelfth-street dam. of the acqui
sition of proper parks, of the construction and
maintenance o< good streets. »nd of putting th«
city In the best sanitary condition possible, and
of all reasonable improvements, and of honest,
economical and progressive municipal govern
ment administered by an intelligent, energetic
ard competent City Council.
• For the encouragement of private munificence
for municipal r"rr"W. "¦** f*vor th» earlv Im
provement of'th* park donated to the city by
private subscription lying south of the Twelfth
street rfdni.. , :*,*'¦
We pledge our nominees to take such aeMon
ss may be ne^wiry to submit to the electors
of the city «f Oakland a pronosltton for munici
pal ownership of water wort's sp<1 of srch other
public utilities as may se»m wise and proper.
Elite Hall, was crowded with delegate*
and onlookers . when shortly before II
o'clock this morning George W. Reed,
chairman of the Republican committee of
seventy-eight, called the convention to
order. During his speech Chairman Reed
Oakland Is a magnificent city. Let us meet
nature half way and do something for our
selves. We want pood streets, we need lake
improvement and parks. I feel deenly Inter
ested In the ' success of thl* cltv and I be
lieve it can best be subserved bv the nonv
Ination of a good' ticket by this - convention
and one that can be elected * at the "polls In
Mrach. I hop* thla convention • will exercise
the same care in selecting its nominees as the
delegate* . would In choosing men to attend* to
your private affairs. ,
Giles H. Gray was, upon motion of. Dele
gate H.. H. North- of the Fourth Ward,
selected as temporary chairman: Everett
Brown was elected secretary and C.-A.
Klinkner assistant secretary..* •
A dozen candidates were, sprung, for
sergeant at arms, 'but the war of words
for recognition of their, favorites was
averted by the selection of P. Farrington;
Frank Rupert and T. "W.' Newell. ?-• •
Oliver Llndsdey. - known as • the - VOom
Paul" of West Oakland, was installed as
vice-, chairman. : .^StiMBh4SKi3WttBMB£PM
The following committee . was named
OAKLAND. Jan. 26.— With enthu
¦ siasm the Republican City Con
vention to-day nominated a com
plete ticket, for the municipal
election, which will be held In
March/ The only fight of the session de
veloped Muring the nominating of a can
didate for City Treasurer. C. B. Morgan
captured the. place on the ticket easily In
the balloting against A. C. Henry- Asa
V. Mendenhall was nominated for City
Attorney by the Second Ward and sec
onded by the First Ward delegation, hut.
in a pretty speech. Mendenhall declined
and withdrew. In favor of James A. John
pon. There were five candidates for Coun
cilmen at large, but just before the bal
loting B. H. Griffin's name was with
drawn, so the four remaining were chosen
by acclamation. > ;,•.- • .
The principal planks of the platform as
adopted are as follows: ..- . -vV •
There are times In the history of all
cipal governments when reform movements
seem to be necessary, and when citizens from
all political parties consider themselves bound
to unite to pursre the offices of corruption,
waste and extravagance. But no such condi
tions of otty affairs exists at the present
time; and men of honesty, lnteRrlty and com
petency can easily be elected by the Republi
can voters of this city from their own ranks
•without entanuling alliances with those who
are not Trillins to support the Republican ad
ministration, to which California owes so
much, and which was so heartily approved In
the popular vote of November, A. D. 1900.
We "believe the career of every municipal re
form movement should end when Its mission
has been accomplished, and there can be no
reason for an existence continued. indefinitely,
or even, bo long that Its name, membership
and influence fall into the control of per
son* whose object Is not reform, but rather the
securing to themselves of the opportunity, to
renew the evil practices which the movement
was in the beginning organized to reform.
City Central Committee: At Large
— Hugo Linderman, George W. Reed,
James "W. Bollard, B. F. Armstrong,
W. P. Courtney, Clinton G. Dodge;
First Ward, John McDermott; Second
"Ward, Everett Brown; Third "Ward,
A. E. Johnstone; Fourth Ward, Bod
W. Church; Fifth Ward, B. P. Miller;
Sixth "Ward, D. W.' Doody; Seventh
Ward, E. W. Le Ballister.
BJ3PTJBLICA2T CITY TICKET.
Mayor — Alison* Barstdw.
City Attorney— James A. Johnson.
City Engineer— Fred C. Turner.
City Auditor— George E. Gross.
City Treasurer— C. B. Morgan.
Couricilmen : At Large— Charles A.
Bon, B,. B. Gaylord, \W. C. little, E:
B. Allen; First Ward, J. H McMen
omy; Second Ward, William W.
CMlds ; Third Ward, George Fitzger
ald; Fourth Ward, Bobert, J. Boyer;
Fifth Ward, J. 0. Cadman; Sixth
"WTard, Louis SchafEer; Seventh. Ward,'
George B. M. Gray.
School Director: At Large— S. H.
Strike, C. H. Bedington, Dr. Myra
Knox, J..W. Evans; FirstWard, Fred
C. Clift; Second Ward, H. M; Sanborn;
Third -Ward, A. C. Schlessinger;
Fourth "Ward, Giles H. Gray; Fifth
Ward, John D. Isaacs; Sixth Ward,
D. R. Robertson; Seventh Ward, E.
H. Cross. "" '
Free Library Trustees-^jreorge S.
Evans, J. C. Dunne, W. W. Knicker
bocker,-Murray Laidlaw and Fred
! Kahn. "L
DR. COTLE'S SUCCESSOR IN
PASTORATE OF THE FIRST
PRESBYTERIAN* CHURCH.
MISS BESSIE SIMPSON OS*
BERKELEY. "WHO WILL WED
A. PHYSICIAN.
OAKLAND. Jan. 26.— The Rev.
Ernest E. Baker, D. D., pastor of
the Woodland Avenue Presby
terian Church of Cleveland, who
comes to Oakland in response' to
the invitation of the trustees of the
First Presbyterian Church, will preach
to-morrow morning and evening. The
Law of Christ" •will be his theme in the
morning and in the evening he will ad
dress himself to "The Catholic Life.
The following Sunday he will deliver two
sermons and on Monday. I-ebruary 4, he
will return to his Cleveland home.
"The trustees, as far as their power
goes," Dr. Baker said to-day, "have prac
tically called me. but, of course, the
¦whole matter is to be determined by the
members of the church. As for myself. I
cannot say what I will do, as everything
Is in abeyance as yet. The. many years
I have labored In Ohio have made me be
lieve a change would be desirable, though
It may prove too radical."
It is stated that Dr. Baker's Eastern
congregation, before ; which he has
preached the last four years. Is loth to
have him go and a strong effort will be
made to induce him to stay In Cleveland.
In that event the First church trustees
would be greatly disappointed, as their
search for a pastor to fill the pulpit made
vacant by the resignation of Dr. R. F.
Coyle has been a discouraging one.
Rev. Ernest Baker
Called From Cleve
land by the First-
Presbyterian
Church.
NEW PASTOR WILL GREET
OAKLAND FLOCK TO-DAY
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Jan. 26.-Curtls I*
Crane of Brookline was accidentally killed
during a .boxing match with his closest
friend, George R. Ainsworth. In the lat
ter* s room In Cralgie. Harvard College, to- f
day. A number of Harvard students were
present at the time indulging in- friendly
matches, and the knockout blow was .en
tirely unexpected. The circumstances are
best explained by the following statement
made by- Ainsworth: • '"•.'.-'„
"At 3:55 this afternon I was sparring
with Mr. Crane. We had sparred about
three minutes when I touched Mr. Crane
with the back of my glove upon the face.
He sank back against the mantelpiece and
to the hearth unconscious. A doctor was
sent for and arrived in eight minutes. "We
worked on him- for a half-hour, when an
other physician arrived. Both doctors
pronounced him dead."
Ainsworth is a sophomore in Lawrence
scientific school. Mr. Crane was not. a
student, but lived next door to Ainsworth.
Brookline Man Killed by
His Best Friend at
Harvard.
MEETS DEATH
IN FRIENDLY BOUT
DECIDE TO LINK THEIR
FATES IN LIFE'S VOYAGE
Miss Bessie Simpson
of Berkeley and
Dr. T. J. Clark
of Oakland •
to Wed.
BERKELEY. Jan. 26.— Miss Bessie
E. Simpson, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas Simpson of 2030
Dwlght way. will be united In
* marriage to Dr.. Thomas J. Clark
, on Tuesday evening:. February 12. at 8
o'clock. In the First Congregational
Church of this city. The ceremony will
be performed by the Rer. A. M. Elston of
the First Christian Church.
Miss Ella Clark, a sister of Dr. Clark.
¦ will. be i maid of honor. The bridesmaids
wlU'be Miss Anna Mason and Miss Nellie
Simpson of this city and Miss Julia Sum
mers of Oakland. Dr. Frank Simpson,
brother of the bride-elect, will be grooms
man. The ushers will be Harry- Johnson.
R. S. Springer and Arthur Elston.
Miss Simpson graduated from the Berke
ley High School With the class of 1838. car
rying the leading role in the graduating
play. She Is a member of the Alpha Sig
ma Sorority. Dr. Clark is one of the
prominent young physicians of the college
town. He entered the academic colleges
of the University of California with the
class of 1898 and graduated from the med- .
leal department in 1899.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 27, 1901.
Bars.tow Named for Mayor and Morgan Beats
Hen ry in Treasurer Fight With Ease.
REPUBLICANS OF OAKLAND
NOMINATE A CITY TICKET
*
25
Why tin Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS. .
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
We answer the ques- " ; <^t rirtnrf»
tions briefly. If you ..VU1UUIC
X^~T cut an * artei Tr in In 15 days. Without pain, injury or iaeon-
/ '^Ll'^t >' our arm y° u do venlence. The bougies ar» inserted at
I 'V33^Sm Mot take internal night and 4ct while you sleep. "Gran-
)^lfc» medicine to stop the Solvent" r^nnoves every symptom of
/^ rY^nasH flnw of blood. YOU stricture, l^ivtne the canal as healthy
V\ JjL-VJMSR use LOCAL AP- as when na'ure formed it. XD BRUTAL
h* &&<*W- PLICATIONS. Sim- CUTTING <>K DILATING. INJEC-
I/T T Illarly -when the, ure- TIONS Trt IRRITATE THE MEM-
V^a^* J.^\". ¦• thral ducts become I IiRANE. SO INTERNAL DRUGGINQ
J&\ /<^/2m*~m weakened and re- TO RUIN f THE STOMACH. The St.
-<aJl\/vv0llr !axed Jt Is rtdlcu- James treatment is lucal, direct aad posi-
*0FI~*-'4rtlZ«ir lotia tn tako internal tive. ' T
treatment, whtcn must pass through the ¦ ¦¦ VirtrftrAlA
stomach and urine before i» reaches the — • T ariWUCCIC.
seat of disease. The seminal ducts project Varicooele is nn accumulation of ilug-
into the urethral canal throurh the Pros- frlsh' blood In the vHns of the •crotum.
late Gland, and are easily reached by LO- due. solely to imperfect circulation, and
CAL TREATMENT. The St. James treat- has Its orlRln in. a diseased and torpid
ment Is prepared In the form of crayon*. Prostate Gland. Operations In this dl»-
very narrow smooth, .flexible and wholly ease are only temporary, and no me-
soluble. which are Inserted Into the water chanlr.il- device yet discovered has cured
passage at nlpht. where they dissolve a single cits*. Gran-Solvent heals the
and deposit the medication In Us . full Prostate and restores hea*lthy circulation.
strength upon the .... • Varlcocela disappeani und the sluggish
Prostate Gland, E5 u w23?? is replaced br pure - h " lthy '
Contr^ctlriB and strenjrthenlnp the ducts. 19.S4S men strlctured. weak, wasting and
FOREVKK STOPPING drains and emis- despondent were currd and restored by
sions. and curing while the patient sleeps, the St. James method last year.' A rut
Dr. Carter s "Gran-Solvent" soluble army of men in whom the IlKht of lif»
uoiigiei will dissolve. uitfQst and forever has penetrated the fearful nlchtmar* ot
remove urethral ,v^ ; . : stricture and seminal decay.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Space will not permit a complete description of the incompar-. m a I9B MB
able St. .James treatment in urethal diseases. ;Evenr sufferer. ¦ gfjO H a
from Stricture and Its offspring. Prostatitls and Seminal Weak- B 5 9 1! a
ness, should write to the St. James Association. N. W. cor. Fifth g— ft# ng n
and Elm streets. Cincinnati, Ohio, for their wonderful illustrated &¦ ¦ H
work showlnR the parts of the human system involved in urethal 1 H ¦ U a
ailments, which they will send securely wrapped in plain pack- H I ¦ iW« H—
age. prepaid ;••; ": •. ¦ ¦
HOMF TDFATMPNT cast eitod bt nn pattxtt ax* mug
-":-•' St. James Assn., 250 Elm St., Cincinnati, O.
$ 15 Market St. S.F. I Shattuck AT.Berkeley f
Ath /t Washn.Oak Central At. Alameda. A
9 Ui * Wood. Oak. I 59 S. lat Si., San Joee. T
a t>17 Washingtoa Street, Oaklacd. A
4 Fancy Dairy Butter A
* gS^SSS: square wt
A Grass flavor. Monday and Tuesday A
J Babbitt's Soap Powder \A
—1776— xn nVtr«%
i Cant hurt the J° P K L 8 b . '5?!
~ A doth tad doesn't hurt the hands. '.;;\
JCosta Rica Coffee J
J r Pound 2ocj
.# delicious flavor. Usually 30c f
<f Broken Java Coffee $
t SBKEtf/SSU 2 lbs 2 5 cj
a beans nli jfhtly broken. jj . Q
iFancj' Moorpark Apricot^
Extra bright -cleao . - ]U g nzrA
\ Monday only. Regularise pound.- _r:\
f Domestic Lucca Oil a
{ c^ r kS d B°Jr»cq uart bot J 5cJ
>Sapolio 4 cakos 250^
* Brigbten* eTerytbing. Reg. 3 far 26c \
Price's Baking Powder J
* S&SSSiSS; pound 2scJ
Jf Worlds Kair. Monday. Usually 26c. f
(Table Claret gallon 25c*
A Quality guaranteed- Keg. 40j. p
iGuckenheiraer Rye bot 75^
" Very old. pare rye whiskey— . . .
? Worid'e Fair. B*mjl»r »1.TO. \
'.St. Lawrence Tonic Port J
9 - Tone* body and gallon 6ocJ
$ B^miaended b/all Prominent f
\ physicians. RegoUr *1.«J. Q
jMbnogram Whiskey A
a J^ir^ tai gallon $2.50^
f quality. Eegnlar *3.K). \
JWurzberg Malt Extract J
{• SL^n^and dozen $1.75!
f blood. Strengthening and oomforUBgf
\ Ufgnlar^rt A
ki H IB \m. wM H u 19 si m H W H H IS h CSK Hr9 Bi HA H
Kr^l 01 B 9 vL m3 99 M 9 K H S3 I H H B kj AJS HI wPa ¦
E3y II B| H t* u ' H B B fl K H 9 ih 9 Bi Q X H bw
OAKLJfND. Jan. 26.— Frank O. Rlchard-
pon filed suit for divorce to-day against
Hattie L. Richardson on the ground of de-
sertion.
ADVERTTSEBIENTS.
Some society snobs doubtless pity* Adam
because he had no ancestors. •Miss Prim— I wonder who that hnrra
dent woman is? Sh» turned and lookett
after me th!s nomine after we had
passed on the street.
Jack Knowltt— Ho-w do yon know aha
did?— -Chicago News.
"Is there any d.anx«r of th» boacon
strictor's" biting me?" asked a lady visit
or at the. Zoological Gardens "Not tha
least ma'am," cried tha keeper; "ha
never bites: he swallows hl» wittlea
whole,"— Tit-Bits.
Miriam— Jack Dusr.ap tried to kiss ms
five times last night.
ifrilcent — Indeed? What tateiruptad
him?— Chicago. News
-I se» that Queen Victoria cave a,
wounded private uoldier a pair of woolen,
stockings which she herself krJt."
"That's funny. She only gava Bo&s o.
Garter."— Cleveland Plain- Dealer.
"Madam. axe you * woman stiffrad^tr"
"No sir; 1 haven't time to be."
"Haven't time? Well, if you had tha
privilege of votios whom would you sup
port ?" _ , M
"The same man I hav« strpportea. for \,
the last ten years— ray Imsbaad." — Mbdaa
and Fabrics. - .
At tire meeting of Spring Valley Lodse
of Good Templars at 2921 Octavia. street
last week, there was a good attendance
and those who attended were, after the
Initiation of three candidates, entertained
with an interesting programme presented
bv Company B. under command of Cel*-
Good Templars.
San Francisco , Lodgo of the United
Moderns has Installed the following offi
cers for tho current term:. John Ralph
Wilson, P. C.;.E. J. Ensign. C; Dr. A. B.
Hewett, R.; Miss F. E Neale. O.j J. H
Baker. F.: T. G. Hodgkins, R.; E. \V.
Jakobs. G.; H. Sheppard. \VV; B. K. Hen
derson, watchman; Miss «. a. Ackton.
M.; Harry Wagner, T. F. Smith. F.- W.
tsaker R. J. Wilson and A. R. Cheney,
trustees.. The t"f, tam $f u o $ c *I a 3 a t s - V| w
Supreme Chancellor Elliott, assisted by
Mrs. Elliott as grand guide. After instal
lation there was an entertainment and
a dance. This order is absorbing many
of those who were members of the Chosen
Friends and it is expected that in the near
future five new lodges will be Institutes.
United Moderns.
With all the impressiveness of the rit
ual of the Royal Arcanum, the following
named were Installed as the officers of
Golden West Council by J. B. Whitney.
D. D. S. R..' assisted by Dr. M. Neumann
as grand " guide and District Deputy
Thomas aanks: C. M. Seeburt, R. ; S. B.
Russell. V. R.; TV. M. Young. P. R.; T.
G. Hodgkins. S.: Thomas Bank?, Tr.; H.
D.' Hutt. C: Dr. J. D. Kergan. O.; G. M.
Van 'Buren. chaplain; H. B. Brough, G.:
William Hurley. S. I-'nder good of tho
order, an enjoyable and profitable half
hour was spent. The reports showed that
the council has a good bank account to
Start the new year with and the member
ship is enthusiastic at the progress the
tcouncil is making.
. The officers of Euena Vista Council
were installed last week tn Devlsadero
street Hall In the presence of many mem
bers and visitors who after the work of
the evening were treated to an excellent
programme of entertainment. •
Royal Arcanum.
The officers of Court Diana. Independent
Order of Foresters, were installed by Dis
trict Deputy High Chief Ranger G. Q.
Stewart, assisted by J. B. Knudson as
grand marshal. There were present a
large number of members and interested
visitors, who watched with close attention
the perfect . and Impressive manner in
which the ceremony was conducted. After
passing a vote of thanks to the Installing
officers there were a number of addresses,
short and to the point, and then followed
a game of whist until a late hour. Court
Diana is still in th« field and- its member
ship is earnest in the work of the order. •
The officers of Court Golden Gate, In
dependent Order of Foresters, were in
stalled in public In TTnity Hall. 20 Eddy
street, on the night of the. 11th by Deputy
Supreme Chief Ranger E. A. Mack, as
sisted by E. Cameron, acting as supreme
marshal. The new officers for th*» current
year are: John Sannes, C. D. H. C. R.;
Dr. J. G. Crawford. C. P.; R. J. Bowen,
C. . R.;.H. C. RHroero. V. CV R.; G. TV.
Kups. R. S • J. E. Emmons. F. S.; A. L.
McMlllen. T: G. S. MUlberry. O.; J. P.
Murphy. S. W.: R. G. Ross, J. W.; Charles
Ames. S. B.; C. Kfrby. J. B.; J. J. Del
lany. Dr. J. E. Crawford and Past Chief
Ranger J. E. McDonald. The hail was
crowded by an Interested audience. After
the ceremonies there was served to" the
members and visitors a collation, after
which there was dancing until a late hour.
Independent Foresters.
The following named have been elected
as the officers of the degTee team of
Golden Gate Camp of the Woodmen of the
TVorld: J. E. Tower. Instructor; Thomas
McCourtney, president and captain; L. E.
Healey, first lieutenant; J. E. Trimble,
second lieutenant: J. F. Casey, secretary
and treasurer. The other members of the
team are: O. Olson. William Krouse, A.
T. Love. W. M. Riordan, F. K. Teeter,
Charles Kaufman. B. E. Smallwood, T. H.
Morton, E. J. Huber. G. "TV. Thomas. TV.
D. Ferguson and TV. F. Smith.
Golden Gats I>egTee Team.
Martha lodges of the Knights and Ladles
of Honor.
Aurora Lodge on the 4th Inst. forwarded
to the supreme office the death proofs
of one of its members. Mr?. Flora Cahen,
and on the night of the 2lst Mrs. LUlie
B. Holcomb, the recording seretary, re
ceived a check for the amount due to be
paid to the beneficiary.
r Knights and Ladies of Honor.:
!• During the past week the grand officers
and- district. deputies were busy Installing
the officers of : Bay •: City. ", -¦ Pacific and
Last week Harmony Lodge of the
Fraternal Brotherhood- held an . open
meeting In Red Men's- building, when, an
unusually fine musical , and literary pro
gramme was presented' to the audience
that filled the hall. The numbers , were:
Piano recital, Professor F. ' G. Lotlaba;
address of welcome. .J. H..McKnight, pres
ident'of the lodge;, vocal solo, . Master
Chester TVaTd: recitation, "The Soldier
Tramp," Miss Edna Dudley. This lady'a
rendition of this gave proof that all the
.talent in that line is not on the stage, in
response to ' an encore • she captured the
meeting with "Seeln* Things at Night."
Her portrayal of the small- boy's visions
at night after being naughty during the
daytime received well, merited applause
Frank W.- Smith, past president of Har
mony Lodge, delivered a short address in
demonstration of the : wisdom of being
member* I of I the Fraternal i Brotherhood
His advice, to young men, husbands, girls'
old maids and bachelors apparently
proved - acceptable, as many asked Miss
Carrie Kelsey, the popular secretary of
the lodge.'- for- applications for member
ship. Shortly after dancing commenced a
telephone from the W.aldeck Hospital an
nounced the death of George S. Bartholo
mew, supreme organizer : of the order '
Dancing ceased at once, and the lodge'
after. taking the proper steps to honor the
memory of its grand officer,, adjourned.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
The officers of General George G. Meada
Post and those of the corps of the same
name were Installed on the night. of the
15th Inst. in Joint session, the former by
Past Post Commander" Albio.n E.- Leavitt
and the latter by Mrs. Flora E. Bowley.
The new officers of the post are: John
Murphy, comnrander; W. W. Freedland,
senior, and Thomas Ma thews, junior vice
commanders; William If. Howe, adjutant
and quartermaster; Joseph Washington,
surgepn; Wiimarth, "chaplain:
Robert Graham, offlcer,6f the day: 8. W.
Knowles, officer. of the guard, and Jacob
Deiftsch, quartermaster sergeant. The
ceremonies were .followed by a musical
and literary programme. After the In
staJlation of the officers of the corps, Mrs.
Annie Page, past and" present' president,
was presented a handsome vase filled with
beautiful flowers. The gift was fnonr the
corps and the presentation speech by the
installing officer. During the evening Pro
fessor M. G. Orr and lady assistants en
tertained with music. . .
The officers of Meade Corps are: Annie
Page, president ,(re-elected>; Mrs. Grun
dlg, senior, and Mrs; Hofrichter, junior
vice: Mrs.' Sweet, .treasurer; Mrs. Bueil.
chaplain; Annie Wood, conductor; Mrs.
Goodwin, assistant conductor; Sarah
Masaey. guard, and Mrs. Chatman, assist
ant guard. During the evening a, member
of the post presented the corps with $5 for
its benefit fund.
Post and Corps.
The- following" named have been installed
as the officers of Loyal Circle of the Com
panions of the- Forest by Mrs. Tackley, D.
G. C. C. and Mrs. A. Boehm as. grand
herald: Mary Bailey. C. C; Mrs. Kings
ton, S. C. C; Mrs. Croal.T.; Mrs. Dren
del. F. S.; Mrs. Senne. R. S. ;" Mrs. Gar
rett, R. G.; Mrs. S. Milne. L. G.; Mrs. J.
Baker, I. G.; Miss B. Burton, O. C Tne
retiring chief Companion, Mrs. E. H.
Zeissing, was presented a handsome gold
medal, and Companion Hansen was prt
sented an emblematic pin. in recognition
of the pctive work ph& has done on be
half of the circle. After the presentations
by Mrs. Boehm for the circle, there was a
programme of. ' entertainment, the num
bers being contributed by Mrs.. Krone,
Tryphlna Pritchard. the pet of the com
panions. Little Clarence Krone: Georgia
Baker, Fred Zlmmermann ana Miss Wes
sel.
Companions of the Forest.
During the- past quarter Court Star of
the Mission had a gain of sixty-one and
Court Bohemian' a gain of thirty.
A new court will, soon be Instituted In
this city. .
G. Baird, S. C. R.: J: H. Horwo'od, T.; J.
Henderson, F. S.: William Wallace, R. S. ;
TV. J. Bios, '.S..TV.; J. O. Brown. J. TV'.;
A. E. White. S. B.; John Baker Jr., J. B.;
Dr. J. Boushey, physician. After the in
stallation ' refreshments were served and
there was an open meeting, when all pres
ent were highly entertained by the talent
ed contributions of B. H. Moore, J. Barry,
Maxwell L. Crowe and Mr. Bemberthy.
Mrs. Reed of Pioneer Jjo&g* ha« been
selected to fill the office of snprems presi
dent for the balance, of th« unexplred
term, the president having removed Croni
the city. Mrs. Howard of Lincoln Lodgo
is now acting ptipreme vice president, view
Miss M. G. ilcConkey. who has resigned.
Harmony Lodge has arraongred for a,
party to be given on tb« night or tlxa ZX
of February.
Friends cf tho Forest.
tain Gertie TVulbern, vice templar of tho
lodge. Ther« were singing, recitations,
reaplnga and Instrumental music. Th.i
lodge, which of late has been boominsr,
has on all occasions a good programme,
one that is instructive for all who wish,
to b» Informed as to tha wo-rtc of -this
order. The doors of th© lodgeroom ara
open to all and a cordial welcome ¦.waits
visitors.
followed by an evening of social enter
tainment.
The officers of the court and these of
the circle at Benicia were installed by
High Chief Ranger Boehm, aided by Dep
uty McHugh, last Tuesday; on Wednes
day the high chief ranger installed the of
ficers of the court at Menlo Park. At
that installation there were present mem
bers of Court Star of Redwood of Red
wood City. On Friday he visited Sutter
Court at Sacramento, when the officers
were installed. ¦; At each- of these places
the ceremonies were followed by a ban
quet. ? , . ,
The high chief ranger instituted a new
court at Stockton last Friday with fifty
charter members.
The following named have been installed
as the officers of Court Occidental, An
cient Order of Foresters, for the current
term: George MacMartln, C. R.; Dr. P.
Ancient Order foresters.
The officers of Court Santa Amanda
were publicly installed last week'by Dep
uty W. O. Carpenter, assisted by J. .TV.
Smith as grand herald. The event was
presentation the • presentor took occasion
to speak in high praise pf /what" the past
sachem did during his term to advance
the tribe financially and as to member
ship. . , ...
The annual ball and banquet of Semi
nole . Tribe in Native Sons' j Hall on the
19th inst. was a great success;. It was
followed by a banquet after midn'ght;
The function was 1 under the superintend
ence of L. C. Bertin, P. Bellgarde and J.
Caudau. ,
The return sheets for the last six
months of 1900 show a net gain of 415.
Sitting Bull Triba of Healdsburg will
shortly adopt a sufficient number of pale
faces to increase the membership to 100.
and on the night that the great chiefs
will visit th/? tribe the' warrior and chief'**
degree will be conferred on all who have
not yet received it, after which the great
chiefs wjll dedicate a new. wigwam for
tho tribe. The latter ceremony will be
public
' Next Tuesday night there will be a com
petition in Oakland by a team of Cherokee
Tribe, drilled by Thomas Roche, and one
from Tcviumseh Tribe, drilled by A. C.
Foye,' for points in the adoption degree..
Yosemite Tribe will give a musical and
literary entertainment in Sachem Hall
next Tuesday night. The same , night
Montexuma Tribe will give an entertain
ment in Assembly Hall in the Red Men's
building. ¦
Next Wednesday Bald Eagle "Tribe will
entertain the great chiefs at a banquet.
This tribe has donated $100 toward a fund
for the entertainment of the delegates to
the next Gre.it Council of California.
White Eagle Tribe will give a masquer
ade ball on the night of the 9th of Feb
ruary in Maenuerbund Hall. . ' « :
Improved Order, of Red Men.
At. a recent meeting of Sotoyome Tribe
Past Great Sachem Brandt.' on behalf o£
the tribe, presented a beautiful emblem
atic^ badge to Past Sachem W,. D. Allen
as a tokeri'^ of tfie tribe's /esteem of him
as a brother and a chief.'rln making the
San Francisco Lodge at. its last held
meeting initiated twelve candidates and
received fourteen applications. . Twelve
candidates were elected to membership.
The lodgo now has a membership of 350.
A new idea has taken possession of this
lodge. It will organize an,initlatory team
of -twelve. The* quartet, Composed of
Messrs. Lloyd. Kay, Ogilvie and O'Brien,
are present at each meeting and take a
prominent part ip the. ceremony of con
ferring degrees. Esteemed ¦ Leading
Knight Dunne has recovered from his re
cent illness -and is again at his station.
A. *J. Oarmanylis' again taking an active
interest in the 'affairs, of the lodge. H.
Seymour' a member of the committee on
qhartersrhas returned from a visit to the
East. He is making arrangements to at
tend the next Grand Lodge.
Stockton Lodge of EIks continues to
boom. It makes its initiatory work so
attractive as to draw the biggest, kind of j
attendance at each meeting. Four
strangers were admitted by initiation last
Tuesday night and a dozen more- were
elected to membership. At that .meeting
there were representatives froni San'
Francisco, Oakland and Arizona. *
¦Vallejo Lodge has nearly 100 members.
Chairman O'Donhell of the entertainment
committee has a number of surprises for
the lodge.
•F. J. Cooper, the genial and efficient sec
retary of Los Anges Lodge, will be In thi*
city, shortly on business and pleasure.
Grand Exalted Ruler Jerome R. Fisher
will officially visit San Francisco Lodge in
the latter part of February, after which,
In company with Deputies Gray and Ken
nedy and about sixty members of the or
der, he will visit' Honolulu to institute' a
lodge of sixty-flve members there.
Santa Rosa Lodge will be Instituted
Fobruary 9 with seventy-five members.
Deputy Gray will institute and Vallejo
Lodge will do the honors. Eureka Lodge
will be instituted during the same month
with 163 members, the largest charter list
since the order .was founded.
Knights of Pythias. .
Colonel H'. R. Arndt. who until recently
was in command' of the. Third Regiment
of tho Uniform Rank, has been appointed
chief of staff to Major General James R.
Carnahan, with the rank of ' brigadier
general.
A new company of the Uniform Rank
will soon,, be mustered in at Lincoln,
Placer County,
The executive council of the order met
yesterday in the office of the grand keeper
of records and seal and m>tde the prelim
inary arrangements tor the reception and
entertainment r>[ the Supreme Lodge,
which is to meet in this city in 1302. -
Sycamore Lodge conferred the knight
rank on five esquires in good shape last
Wednesday night. . .
A new lodge is to be instituted at Horn*
brook, Siskiyou County, and another is to
be instituted at San Diego.
Stockton Lodge will celebrate the thlrty-
Feventh anniversary of the order in Feb
ruary.
The grand chancellor will make a num
ber of ""official visits to the.-southland com
mencing about the middle of February.
There was a public installation of the
officers of Mariposa Lodge in*Odd Fellows'
Hall last week. Deputy Grand Chancellor
Robinson of Merced being th« installing
officer. ' The installation of. each officer
was followed by a musical number. At
the close of the ceremonies the knights
and ladles adjouwied to tlio banquet hall,
where an elegant feast awaited them."
FRATERNAL ORGANIZATIONS.
The Order of Elks.
•At.theBesorts. ,
j SUMMER HOME FARM-The follow
ing ; guests registered lately . at
Bummer Home Farm: Mrs. L M. Cham-"
bers," Honolulu; Frefl Toepke, : San Fran
cisco; E. Mowry, H. Haines^and H W"
Haines. Wyoming; W.; B. Hugus -P H
Parker, A. A. Morey, "Waiiam Bennle r H -
Catermole and F. R. Walti, Santa Cruz*
William Smiley. Nevada; D. H. Wood 'and
Laurence Wood, Palo 'Alto; Mrs. TV -M
Roberta, Miss M. B. Roberts,- M. Roberts
G. W.TVood Worth and Mrs. G.:W; Wood
worth, Stanford University^ ¦. . - %¦>¦¦ •
HOTEL METROPOLE— Amoiigf . the late
arrivals at the Hotel Metropole\are:'San.
Personals. . •
Mrs. Harold M. Sewall has Just arrived
from the East, where she had been visit
ing Mr. Sewall's mother. She- is now. the
guest of Mrs. C. L. Ashe, 2315 Sacramento
street. . -
Mr. and Mrs. G. Belo will b« pleased to
see their friends at their, home, 1 1318A
O"Farrell street, this Sunday afternoon
January 27. .
Mrs. Belle Harris of 1954 Bush street
has . returned from Virginia' City, • Nev.,
where she has been visiting her parents
Mr. and Mrs. E. Tausslg. -
Isidore Silverberg, son of Mr. and Mrs
Max Silverberg, will be contirmed at the
Temple Emanu-El on Saturday, February
2. A reception will be held on the 2d and
3d at the family residence. 989 Post street.
Sailed Away. \
The following is a list of the passengers
who sailed on Thursday, January 24, on
tho steamship Sonoma: Honolulu— Miss
Alexander, A. H. Bachelder, Mrs. C. D.
Badgley, H. P. Baldwin and wife, Mrs.
G. L. Bancroft, Mrs. H. A. Borthwick,
Ed Brown and wife, E-. B. Bull, Mrs. L.
II. Bums, 'S. B. Cannell and wife, G. R.
Carter and wife, Mrs. R. Catton and two
children, Miss Catton, Dr. E. S. Chapman
and wife, C D. Chase, L. Chase,' W. G.
Cooke and wife, L. R. Crawford. Mrs. W-.
E. Davis*, C. S. Desky, James Doyle and
wife, C. B. Dyke, wife and maid, George
E. Fletcher, John Gait and wife. Miss G.
Gait, C. A. .Glover, W. J. Hallorari, Miss
Halloran, Dr. Jesse Hawes and- wife,'
S. Henery and wife. Theo. Holzhausen
and wife, F. L. Hoogs, wife and child,
H. Jacobs, Miss H. E. James. Miss B.
Johnson, E. Kennelly, H.. Kimball and
wife, J. M. Levy, F. M. I^ewis, J. P. Mc-
Coy, A. McNally. Miss H. Meade, Mrs.
E. Muir, Miss Mulr, Miss E. NefCe, Henry
Newell and wife, W. H: Newell, Joseph
Niessen, Miss C Palecki, J. H. Payne, Ed
Pelchoux, Miss L. Pltkin, W.. U. Han
some. R. C. Kawlinga, Dr. F. J. Kayner
and wife, Mrs. B. Hhodes, A. W. Kice,
Miss H. T. Rice, B. W. Ripley and wife,'
Dr. B. F. Sandow and wite. Miss M. B.'
Simonds, F. M. Smith, C. F. Solomon, J.
C. Spencer and wife, J. B. Stetson, wife,'
¦child and maid, E. F. Sw.eeney, Miss L.
A, Tisdale, E. A. von Armin, Charles
Wall, C. B. TVeimer, Miss Dr. Wells. J.
M. WTiited. A. W. Wilson and wife, G.
H. Winston. <-.•
Pago Pago— Hon. Gilbert Rollo. '
. Auckland— A- R. Craddock, R. Forbes,
wife and child, A. P. 'U r iniams and wife.
Sydney— Mrs. F. Bell, D. J. D. Bevan,
I* R, O. Bevan, Miss R. A. Bulsson, P.
Carter and wife, F. H. Cherry, John Der
rig. JVIrs. F. - TV. Forster. P. F. Gibbon, H.
S. Godfrey, J. D. Gougar and wife, E. T.
Hughes and wife. L. Knight, P. Lamb and
wife, V. J. Martin, R. G. Miller,; H. E.
Moore, II. i B. Morley, C. - E. "Muggeridge
and wife, E. S«tzke, F. Soues, Mrs. C. iH.
Stokes, CM. Tolman, wife and two chil
dren, L. C. Trent and wife, G. Trent, M.
Trent, W. Trent, Miss lYent. Miss F.
Trent, Miss Inez V. Trent, MJes H. Trent.
Misa Leila Trent, Arthur West and wife.
Join at Honolulu for Auckland— E. S.
Grogan and wife, E. J. Watt.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney— D. W.
Donsife, Charles Sachleslnger.
mond, C. Cavanagh, R. Schord. ' C.
McKinnie.Dr. J.-C. Perry, e. N. Wells,'
F. W. Flood. P. Windham. Miss L. Mouse
hardt. Miss M. Johnson, Miss K. Klnsella,
Miss M. Hepburne, Miss M. Fitzpatick.
Miss Ven&ano. Miss M,- Williams, Miss
Bumharn, Miss A. Coney, Miss T. Cleve
land, Miss M. do Pue, Miss M. Hunter.
Miss M. Ryan. Miss J. Morgenfon, "Miss
H. Turner, Miss F. Martin. Miss K. Basch,
Miss Mowbray. Miss A. Bell, Miss F. Wlg
and, Mlgs G. Van Kirk. Miss E. Wigand,
Mrs. C. Wells, Miss Kersey, Misa Hal
leron.
Friday evening, January IS, the Trieste
Duplicate Whist Club, at 711 Jones street,
courteously extended the' use of their
rooms to the guests of, the Hotel Berk
shire, who met In' an Informal manner
for a most enjoyable game of progressive
euchre. Prizes were won by Miss Nel-.
lie Owens. Miss Hucks. Mrs. Kerr, Mrs.
Baker and Miss IJllls; also by Chester/H.
Evans, C> C. Flapp, J. StubbF. Mr. Bel
cher and Mr. Hay. lilght refreshments
were served at the close of the • game.
Those present were; "Mrs. Baker, Mr.
Flagfir. Mr. and Mrs. Nippert. Miss Nip*
pert. Dr. and. Mrs. J. K. Kpbert; Dr. rfnd
Mrs. Dow. Mrs. Belcher, Mr. and Mrs.
C. H. Evans, Mrs. Smith. Miss Smith.
Misa. Landt, Miss Bonner, Miss Lillis, Mrs.
Tuttle. the Misses Tuttle. Mrs. Mlchener,'
Miss Owens, Miss Mayer. Miss Hucks.
Mrs. Patterson, Mrs. Shawhan, Mrs. Kerr,
Mrs. Kiel. Mrs/ Walker, Mr. Stubbs. Dr.
Frazer, Mr.. Hicks, C. C. Wilson. R. B.
McGinnis, Mr. Urmy, Richard Tounsr. Mr.
Harphane, Mr. Hay. Mr. Ballard, K. W*.
Bealey. Park' Michner.
The Fin de Siecle Whist Club was enter
tair.ed at the home of Miss Ida Wolfe, 701
Golden Gate ave. on last Thursday even
ing. The first prizes were awarded to
Miss Flora Wolfe and Walter W. Burner
and the consolations to Miss Susie B. Lo
gan and TV. L. Lee. The next meeting: of
the club will be held on January 31 at the
home, of Miss Oliie-Kiefalber, Alameda.
In the Future.. V\
The fourth regular entertainment and
dance of the St. Alban's Literary and So
cial Society win be held at Golden Gate
Hall, Thursday evening:, February 7.
The First Friday Cotillon Club has sent
out Invitations for a dance- on Friday
evening, February 1, at Golden Gate Hall.
The first anniversary ball given by the
Ladies' Aid Auxiliary, eongr-egration Beth
Menaohim Streisand, will bfi held Sunday
evening. . February 24, at Union Square
Hall, 421 Post street. The proceeds of .the
ball will go toward the new synagogue
fund.
The " Astorias" will give their thir
teenth evening dress assembly in Golden
Gate Plall (upper hall) Tuesday 'evening.
February 5. • •
Tho "Jolly Twelve" have Issued Invita
tions for an assembly and hop -at Golden
Gate Hall Tuesflay evening. February 5.
The regular monthly entertainment and
dance of the Native Sons of Vermont will
be held at'Odd Fellows*" Hall' Friday
evening, February 1. The following ex
cellent programme has been prepared
for the occasion:' I-iadie^' Century
Minstrels — Overture, "Twentietn Cen
tury," ...Dellepiane's orchestra. Part 1—
Bones. Agnes Sullivan, Annie Kane, Fran
cis- Gaughan; tambos," Virginia Stock.
Elizabeth Riordan, Margaret McCarthy;
interlocutor, Etta Welsh. Vocal: Ett*
Welsh, Margaret McCarthy, ' Virginia
Stock, Agnes Sullivan. Marie Bernard,
Celia McGuire, Frances Gaughan, "Little
Grace." Part 2— Plantation scene. So
'loist. Annie Rodney; trio. May ; Young.
Etta Welsh. .Ella Coftey; topsy turvy.
pickaninnies (Helen Doyle, Katie McCar
thy, Genevieve Doyle, Grac« Doyle. Ros-
Duggan); dance, "Aunt Clorindy," Vir
ginia Stock.
The twenty-seventh musicale and hop
given by the McKenzIe Musical Society
will be hold- at Odd Fellows' Hall on
Thursday evening, January 31. The fol
lowing programme has been prepared for
the occasion:
Overture, Dibben, orchestra; Russian
mazurka, "La Czarina," Ganne. McKen.
zie Musical-Society; "Open Thy Window."
Grieg, Paloma Quartet; Lily Laws, Ethel
Carroll, Millie Murray, Eugenia Breiten
gross; "1 Pescatori" (Fisherman). Gabus^
.si, TV. F. Baumgartne,r and Alfred Gehrit;
"My Little Darling"' (Mia Plcarella). Go
mez, Lily Laws; quintet and finale, "Mar~,
tha," Klotow, Kmma I'lpher, ' Louise
Schuneman. W. G. Baudoin, • George P.
Lloyd, H. J. Brown and McKenzIe Musi*
cal Society; Miserere scene, "Trovatore."
Verdi, Minnie Schneider, F. W. Baum
. gartner and double quartet, E. M. 'Cush
man. James Paterson, G. P. Lloyd, M. M:
Whipple, R. Tesche, A. Lentz, H. J.
Brown, A. B. Lawson; duet, two contral
tos. Campana, Clara Sprauer and Eugenia.
Breitengross: waJte. "Like a Bird" (arr.
by McKenzie), McKenzIe Musical Society;
"if- You Forget," Schleiffarth, -Clara
Sprauer; "1 Can't Tell Why I Love You."
Edwards. Master George Kroger and Mc-
Kenzie Musical Society: Native DaiiKfi
ters' march, arr. by McKenzie; from Sell
er's Native Sons' Marth, McKenzie Musi
cal Society.
Francisco— W. . Jackman, Ml?s Marion
Lewis, Jllss' Adelaide Lewis, M1S3 S.
Frank. William Allen, TV. F. Boardman,
D. E. Foyer, .Mr. and Mrs. Mountford
Wilson, Mr. and Mrs.-N. B. Chase, W.. 8.
Tevis and valet; , Sacramento— Mrs. F.
Birdsall, Miss Jennett Birdsall. Mi?s Bird
,sall: Bakers field— J. O. Clutter; Oakland-
Mrs. J. ic Scott; Stockton— Mr. and Mrs.
J. L. Duitham; Fresno — T. N. Mallary. ..
They're Engaged.
Mn>. Enos Fouratt..rvnnounces the en
gagement of her ' daughter Olivette to
George A. Fislur. •
The wedding of Miss Emma Rosenberg
end Sanford Goldstein will take place
Bonday.- February 3. Owing to a-bereave
ment in the family the wedding will be
private.
Mr. and Mrs. P. HIrleman announce the
•engagement of their daughter Maude to
Oeorge Le Seur of New York. The wed
cing will take place Wednesday evening,
January 30, at the home of. the bride's
parents. 1614 Broderlck street.
The marriage of Gerald Schlestng«r and
Mlsf< Lena Glnpberger will take, place in
Denver, Colo., on February 18.
Announcement is made of tho engage-'
merit of Miss Amelia Davis acd Louis
13!och. assistant secretary of the Floris
ton Pulp and Paper Company and the
Crown Pap*>r Company. They will receive
Sunday. February 3. between 2 and 5 p.
xn.. at 2423 Sutter street.
The engagement reception, of Miss Net-
M CHARMING and enjoyable |
gathering of .the past week j
was the fourth assembly and |
gt'rman eiven by tbe members j
of th<* Entre Nous Cotillon on
last Friday evening at the
Palace HotcL Fifty couples
¦were In att«nd-ir.ce and the young ladies
wire all handsomely gomied. The follow
ing six pretty end graceful figures were
danced under the leadership of Sanford
O. J^ewaJd. assisted by his partner. Miss
Coral Gilbert: -Sleigh Bells." "Entre
Nous," "Serpentine," "Flags of AH Na
lior.s," "Letter Z" and "Parisian Circles."
The following urere in the leading set:
UiFses Edna Sullivan, -Gladys Delzelle,
Armictlne Monges, Gertrude 51. Coleman,
Edith Huff. Jennie Root. Grace Cashln.
Kate 1^. Kyinglon. Ella von Kaplt. Mae
Lud!oxr. Sadie Ludlow, Doris Hcuer, Oora
2veJsc>*. Beile Herzos, May Morris, Lillian
Lizbbf.i. Qcneviere Smith; Messrs. Waiter
H. RoUnson. Beatr Lassen. Arthur 1^.
Pippr. George Hendry, Alfred Ix>rber,
Charles Stewart. S. O. Stanyan, Dr. Cal
vin Knowles. H. Ij. Swanger. Alphonse
Svitt^r. James T. I>udlow, Joseph B. Dug
gan. Ira Lillick. Charles Fickert, Dt Ed
mond Kreffe, Robert F. Haight. Charles
ML Mar.non. Dr. J. Walter Keey and Philip
J. Eisenxn&nn.
A pretty vreddins was that of Miss
Abertina WahJe and S. Henry Cheda, cel
ebrated on Wednesday evrnlng last at the
home of the nrlile's mother. Mrs. Henry
L. SmJth, 1026 Pine street. The home was
;>retti!v decorated lor the occasion, and
the happy pair received the congratula
tions of their friends standing in a bower
cf palms, smllax and pink roses. Miss
Mary Taylor and Miss Lillla Cheda acted
as bridesmaids and George Miller and
Herbert L. KreJss officiated as ushers.
The brido wore an elegunt gown of white
lace over white silk.. Her" bouquet was
composed of lilies of the valley. Mr. and
Mrs. Cheda have gone south for a bridal
tour and on their return will make their
borne at San Rafael.
SOCIETY CIRCLES
tie Appleton nnd Max -Rosenbach- will be
held to-day from 2 to 5 o'clock" at 1046
Golden Gate avenue. . ¦ ..»..'
"Wedding- Bells.
At noon on the 19tti of January* Miss
Ixmise Parraentier, tldest daughter, of
Mrs. Elizabeth Parrr.entier of 209 Jones
street, was married in Chicago to Frank
A! Cbrisman, a young Journalist. .The
bride, who is the grand-niece of the late
Cardinal McCloskey of- New York, is a
beautiful brunette «f rare accom
plishments. . Mrs. Chrisman will In the
future inherit ullarge sum of money from
the relatives- of her father, who was a
nobleman of France, . .
Home Gatherings.
The silver wedding of Mr. arid Mrs. J.
A. Christen was celebrated last Sunday
night at Mission Opera Hall. About 100
people were present at the banquet. Harry
Christen acted as toastmaster. Toasts
were made by Henry F. Budde, Henry
Geilfuss, AdolDh Schimmel. J- M. N'ager,
H. Dornbrink, Joe Faessler, Carl
Schnabel, Antoile Nager. Mr. Barnes, Miss
A. Fluhr. Mrs. Horn and others. J. A.
Christen made the responses. After the
banquet dancing was indulged In.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered
Master Will Geary last Saturday^ evening
at the home of his sisters on Sixteenth
street. The affnir was In honor of Mas
ter Geary's return from Manila, where he
had been visiting his father, Colonel D.
Geary. The following took part in the
festivities: Hazel jfarreli, Evu Brydses.
Theresa lrwln, Helen lrwin, Veronica
Kavanagli, Charlotte McLoughlin,
Frances Brynes. Neva Hindle, Emma
Dulfer, Genevieve Bailey, Kona Woil
weber, Kellie Doan, Xeliie l^ockhardt,
Helena Aurjaye, Genevieve Perrin,
Katherine Corves, Will lrwin, Dal ton Mc-
Carthy. Walter lluber. Jack Hanley, Will
McLoughlin. Geary Corves, Frank Han
lev, Charles Hanleyi Frank Mclaughlin,
Fred Cuth6ertson, James lrwln, Arthur
Attridge, Ed Shanon, Charles Dibat, Phil
Parreli. Joseph U'Nell, Stanley O'Xcil,
Bert Perrin. Joe Seibllck. -Waiter Dulfer.
A very pleat-aru surprise paxty was
given to Mrs. Katherine Orake, 911^ How
ard street, by some' of her friends, mem
bers of the Young Ladies' lr.sUitute, on
New Year's eve. The young people en
joyed themselves with games and aanoing
until the bells- chimed In the new year and
century. Ampns those present were: J.
Landers Healey, Jack Shirley. William
Lawton, W. Moran. E. Manning, J. Getz.
1*. Flynn, F. Driscoll, C. Harrington, J.
Fay, L. Bideman, J. Smith, E. Hayden,
J. Carroll. Cora Fisk. May Driscoll. Ma
mie Gorman, May Tay, Kate, Driscoll,
Gertrude Fay, Mrs. K. Drake, Mrs. 13.
L. Bra-dley, Mrs. Peacock, Treasa Heapey,
Annie Recolay and Mary Cauley.
Mrs. E. A. Bradley .gave a bon-bon
party to the children of Miss Bradley's
pebool at €25 Eddy street -January 25.
Those present were: Henrietta Ans
pacher, Claire Drayeur, Ruth Howard,
Laura Lundberg, Scima Schroeder, Vera
Carr. Dorothy Young, Helen Harvey,
Klaska Anema; Lizzie' Woebecke. Edwin
A mark. Flora Crocker, Aileen Hall, Ray
mon Ansel, Lavrence de Arman, Lloyd
Eager, Herbert Schroeder, Louis Hall,
Thomas Brinker. Louis Wolf. Fred Mills,
Bruce Mills, George Hennessey, Reuben.
Steele, Owen Fiedler and Barbette Ans-i
pacher. • .
A very enjoyable dancing party was
given at Cotillon Hall on the 17th inst. by-
Mr, and Mrs. M. Abrahams in honor of
their daughter. Miss Kelsey. The hall
decorations were very artistic. Old Glory's
colors predominating. One figure of the
perman danced formed the young lady's
initials. C. K., rnd the date. 1901. The fes
tivities were kept up until after midnight.
An enjoyable surprise party was given
to Mrs. John T. Fitzhenry and her sis
ter-in-law, Mrp. Charles F. Casey of Al
bany, Or., at the home of the former. 51"
Grove street, on Saturday "evening. Janu
ary 19. The following named were pres
ent: Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Bradley, Mrs.
Thomas Malionev. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Nolan, Mr. and Mrs. Melvin Savage. Mr.
and Mrs. .1. L. Vevans. Mr. and Mrs. D.
Cluff.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Fitzhenry. Mrs.
C F. Casey, Mrs. L. Carothers. Mr. and
Mrs. J. F. Sweeney. Mrs. J. Fay, Mrs.
M. Casey; Misses Elizabeth Pugh, Eva
Clancy. Raphael Casey, Bertha Reid, Ju
lia Phelan. Margaret Spellman, May Mc-
Intyre, Lillian Fitzhenry, Terese Collins,
Nonie Regan. Grace Phelan. Gertrude Hc-
Intyre. Mollie Regan, Loretta Mahoney
and May Fitzhenry: Thomas Mahoney,
Coleman Kelley. William Brown, David
Casey. George Sullivan. Ed Kris?. Wil
liam Rattlgan. A. Burke. A. . Gauerhran,
Charles Schefflin, Ed Mclntyre, Edwin
Casey, Jack Fitzhenry and Sherman Fay.
MIfs Almee B*uckley ' ent-ertained her
young friends at a party given last Friday
evening- In honor of her cousin, Charles
E. Farrell. A pleasant evening was spent
in music, games and dancing. Those pres
ent were: Mies Mae Healy, Charles Far
rell. Mies Almee Buckley, Dan Farrell.
Miss May Kelly. James Casey. Miss Nel
lie Kecfe, James Currari, Miss Addie
Brickley, Jack Ryan. Mis3 Josle Craven,
Thomas Williams, Miss Clara McCauley,
Thomas Dowling, Miss Bosetta Forrest,
Thomas Curran, Miss. Evie Williams,
Thomas Curley Miss Marie Fitzmaurice,
Will Cohen. Miss Ruth Ryan, Charles
Keeffe and Leo Brickley.
Club Parties.
The Los Amlgos Club gave its third
assembly at Golden Gate Hall Satur
day evening:, January 19. J. Frisbee
acted as floor manager and was assisted
by L. E. de Lario. Among those present
were: R. K. Mooney, Howard Van. Kirk,
Alan A\'. Maglnnls, I* H. Stewart. J. C.
Allen, A.' W r . Dollard, Earl Earhart, A.
Good. J. U Frisbee, J. Baptlsta, F. D.
Hall. R. Gurney. V. J. la Mottc, J. F.
Hosken, .G. G. Frlsbee. F. J. Bauer, B. M.
Jones, C. A* Hall, H. Jarman, M. de
Lyons, J. E. White, M. Cutten, LC E. de
Lano. Mrs. Frank Bauer, Pearl Wad*,
Bessie Harvie, Mrs. Frank Shine. Mrs. K.
Murray. Mrs. G. G. Frisbee. Miss L. Stil
ler, Miss B. Holmes, Miss Pauline Wade,
Miss K. Ratvlston, Miss.Olga Tlunsaker,
M1P3 de Lano. Miss D. Conroy, Miss S. A.
Wafer. Mrs. K. Barthela, Miss 1^. Holling.
Miss Alice Shine. Miss A. Murray, Miss
M. Hoey, Miss L. Buch, Miss G. Ma«-
Pherson, E. A. Blackmari, Fred Lyser,
H. Sprafirue. R. Giffen. P. A. Young. A. D.
la Motte, Mrs. Wales. M. Bracken. H.
McLaren, G. Tuska. A. Duncan, L. Hun
ter, L. Cummins, R. Lutz, ¥1. de Veuve,
R. Drummond, C. Johnson. V. Gruhn, Mr.
; Broaden. C. A. Morpan, Miss Dixon. Pro
fessor Wells, E. Heinemann, Miss . E.
Rotosky. Miss L. de AVolff. MUs M.
Cushman. Mrs. Wales. Miss R. Maginnls,
Miss R. Gruhn. Miss E. Spooner. Miss T.
Crooks. Miss A. Minnor, Miss M. Bar
clay, Miss G. Duncan, Miss G. Stotes.
Mis? L. B. Stone. Miss M.«Schleef, Miss
F. Meyer. Miss S. Echernsteln, Miss E.
Schernstein. ¦ Miss H. Hobson, Miss. L.
Mausshart, • Miss L. Kavanaph. Miss L.
Van Kirk, Miss E. Botcher. Miss Upholit.
Miss Lien, E. A. Blackman, W. Buhlea,
A. Macpherson, G. de Vueve, W. Potts, II.
Trull. J. Hupir.g, L. Saunders. J. G. Jones,
J. M. -Gruhn, F. E. 'Kendell, L.
Cummins, B. Walsh.. C. McLaren,
W. E. . .Schord, B. . Kraus. J. ; Ray-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 27, 1 901.
26
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
838 Market St., ;; San Francisco.
: Brancrh- at Sacrameito, ¦. Mrs. E. ¦ Krlpp,
manasrer. ;* . '» ¦ , . ¦'-':. ' •'.'•• , •¦•¦ "¦
Sold under a ruarante* to remove sup«rflaoua
hair and to prevent Its growth^ has been uaed
successfully for twenty years by the medical
profession In England/After one* application
your face will be as free from hair as tho cheek
of an infant. ¦ . "• • ;i> ; •• •¦¦•••¦¦¦; . ¦ -
,- ELITE SKIN FOOIV-Reinoves all blemlshea
and roughness; makes the complexion perfect;
keeps the skin clear, soft and- smooth. '.¦-.••' .
1 ELITE WCBPOWDER- Chemically purs; a
preventive from Buperfluous hair. - '..".,•.¦¦• ,,#
ELITE HAIR GROWER— Removea aandruff;
Btlmulates tho scalp; pi-oduces a' quick growth
and makes the hair isoft and bright.
THE ELITE BLACKHEAD ERADICATOR—
Permanently removes blackheads and reduces
the' cores of. the .skin. ¦ - - • l : ¦
' THE ELITE FACE BLEACH— For removing;
tan and freckles. : It has no equal. *m .
: Prompt attention to mail orders with stamps.
Regular. physician in attendance.. . . . . ¦:'¦•
B. B. B. ENGLISH CARAMEL
¦¦^B"^ I® HAIR ON
' ¦*? f WOMAN'S
~J "^W&r* REPULSIVE.
v ¦¦¦^vr,.
To ruffer • from this disfigurement. .Many,, a
lovely face Is ruined by the | presenca . of hair
•or ¦ dark shadows on the ) lip. | chin or cheeks,
while many otherwise plain faces ax© made
lovely by a clean, pure skin.? f: -V'^V
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
bulldinr. 1^0 Market St.. cor. Taylor, roorr.i
«T^ wtt h the electrfo Tumlli without pain or
* ' permanency guaranteed : hours 1 to 4 p. m.
The greatest skin food and tl*»u» builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by maklns tho s&la firm,
jt renders the skin soft. _»—^^^_________
¦mootb. dear, whit* and --3>Oct**v
jouthral and cures Poison JS&S& \V£>
Oak and F.czema. It la % /JSS»*?T$*5^y£V
liould. Any cream or th« j^C^MJ/'r"*f^ \
con«i?tfncy of butter will 2*£S^%i-*X&9
.tlxulata the growth o: \SsB^^rW^L
hair on the face. UraJi- S Z&Z jT *• V*$
m an Toilet Cr«am Ij otfrl "rvivNif'*
Euaranteed not to do so. T*s^
Price 60c. •• Hrahma.->. v.VS* 1 * < ** £j-^
Tooth Powder. 2oc All $W»XsMh^I
drug-^lsts and at offic» of ' lrT1 ¦
A. V.'. TRAVERSE, M. D. Larse stoci always
at J. B. Potts' Dru» Co.
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
WRINKLES,
P1MPLE5,
TAN,. -
Positively prevented by using thi
SUnFood, LOLA MONTEZ
CREME. 1 Ills creme removes age
traces, prevents wrinkles, keeps the
skin smooth and healthy thus insur-
ing a complexion, permanently,
beautiful — 75c a jar. Lasts 3 months
Soothes and relieves all skin irrita-
tion. Good for insect bites. Jar
75c, all druggists and hairdressers.
Trial Jar Tree
LADIES sending this ad. with 10 eta
tn stamps, will receive a book of in*
ctructions and a box of Skin Food
ind Face Powder free.
Ts^^HairRestorer
It Is not a dye, but In a natural way
(t acts on the roots, compelling thi
secretion of the pigments that give
life and color to the hair — in foui
days— SI a bottle, at all druggists
irid hairdressers
SUPERFLUOUS
|J A in That greatest off all di«.
B Bill I I man's face, permanent! j
removed, in tbe only Buccessfol waj
..with the ELECTRIC NEED IX, at
operated by Sin. Harrison.
.Warts, Freckles. Moles, PimpJui
and Wrinkles quickly removed, andei
tnj personal treatment at my Den
Scatological Parlors. (, y
MBS. NETTIE HARRISON
DERMATOLOGIST . •
78 and 80 Geary Street
SAN FRANCISCO
EVERY WOMAN
is interested and should know
.js^^^v about the wonderful
UftDUCI WHIRLING
ji'tK-'^u.'i Tbe new Vaginal Syrlace.
V ' l^ , 'Ts "¦ \"A Injection and Suction.
V* ,^K . 'cP^vvil Best— Safest— Most Con-
V>-Cv-^»k. veaient. It Cleanses
Ia*taatly.
Atk jtoet draulst for ML \v f&m ¦> .—r^3--*~^*'"
If h» rjmiiot mpply the ™IE7^''''W/%2i& ,
3*KVEL. «ccrp«no "*^ !{<,
r4ner. twit »»nd «taim< forlilcs- • >a M 'wr\/
tratrdbook— ariUr-d. It ({nt foil }%. / fyw *
tMtdir n.tn vKi.ro.. L "iJ^V:vi,w
Room 20.-,* totem tUXg.. !lcwV«rk w^»ii^J^
Broken .
Eyeglass
2>nsM r»n»l«c**a tor CO oent».
Any A«tlrxc&tle laziMS dnx>Ucat*a tor f 1.00
OutrsnUed coir act sad beat quality.
OcatUts* prescription* filled. Factory oa
prexnlM*. Qtack repalrlns. rboae, UaJn U.
642 Market 5t. ihsthumcnts
u*de« CHRONiat B'jJtotub. CAUtOGUt FfeC.
A CHtcHcrrctrs cngush
fEKNYROYftL PILLS
%,irB2&L ** ClIlCUESTEHti ENGLISH
A'SiS'm.^ »a Ki:u uul OoU B ««WUIe bei«. mlM
J^ S^kT? ******* rtbbo »- Taken* other. Refn.o
1m *£+ *ZJ J»»*cero«t bBb»Ut»U«»«» and Imit*.
t«m MsIL 1 8.000 TMltaMsiaU. Wl4 tj
AbVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEETisEsoarra.
B f JS .^^^BMTy^ Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, Sanative Wash, and Liver Pills. A
H 1 iVilll'li W'9 1/1^ '¦'*.• jfSosr When I began their use I thought there was no hope forme. J had had £
jg ffiilPJj BHffiBfc»«Ji8L^^^L the best doctor in our town and prew worse every day. I jjave up tho uso t?
of his medicine and bejran using your remedies, and to day I am in bfctter (
r^^^^M^^mFnS^^S^' health than I have been for several years, I feel I owe it all to you, and 5f
5$S&^^ fffliiBHjKBI BsWBisH i^SEi can sav that your medicine cannot bn praised too highly. I shall always «
y^ f&mfagm MiWfllila^ advise all suffering from female trouble to use your Vegetable Compound. ->
j /• !H^llMLWS»r "^ t^ ian ' £ y° u for your kind advice in regard to my health." — Me3.
1 1 j^^^^^S^fl^^li Gratitudo for rocoverod hoalih tzzzkas gsn- %
1 I M™IBM erous hearts- Women who seak iWrs, Plnkhasn's &
\ wjTflBMiwBli^^S *dvioo aro promptly hsipod, and they want all p
\ wwmB^^S] mM stok women to know about it* frlrsm Pinkharn's \
\ JhJHHH « advloo Is free* Her address Is Lynn, F/Jass* \
iMWim^^ils^. W*M "Dear Mrs. Pinsdam:— I havo followed your kind and free advice and
. I ctCB flffBBa^HTfflpjSI^^^^^!^ am to-day a new woman. My last doctor told me I would have to go f,'
through an operation before I could be vrell. • I had womb ard ovarian |^
trouble. I would sufiFcr something terrible, such pain in my left side, and '
PmaMM^^g^^^^^wMSS scetne^ as though I was all falling to pieces. Was nervous all the time,
an(^ cou^ n0 ' s^ oe P nig:ntj. I cannot thank you enough, for being so kind. -.
I shall always recommend Lydia £. Pinkham'a Vegetable Compound, "
JnSlH^I^S^^i^^^m^mff * n^ hope that my letter may benefit some other poor suffering- woman." •
fll^^^iBK^ffi^^^B ' Lydia Em Pinkham's Vogotahio Compound has |
mado a ¦ constant record cf cures fcr thirty §
1 PIm! I years* It arts directly on tho f ornate crgaaism U
HBB|SWKiWaS^™^B and makes it healthy, relieving and curing aii ft
s R inflammation and displacements* |
¦^BLSBai^wR^^^^ig^i MRS. inFELD, 500 Jefferson Place, Union Hill. N. J., writest *!
"DearMrb. PinkhaM:— I have you to thank for my health and !
n«mflllK^iffirMiSim^flMffi^^ strength. I have taken your medicine for two years. Before I began its j_
B^^SHeH^^BBBBK^^BBElC^ use I was so Treak that after I had worked an hour in the morning I was £
lm*^fMHnKw obliged to lie down. I had fearful headaches, could not sleep, had r,
Py^S^I^^^VVV^^j^^B^vI palpitation of the heart, was always tired, and suffered in many other I
¦^J^^Jj^V^X^T^W^S^^X " w ' a y 5 > Now I am perfectly well and much stronger than I was ten years ¥
mfn^j\j^^\^^^^^\ a S°- am fifty-three years old, and the mother of ten children. I never s
!» f "»\ JLVb\ «) »^ #»*•¦«* %' a \U^ "" . C" j|| HH Hw S S B* W* £J Fn 1 B P c °P 1 '- t » ve{rorat - m --otifaeq'>«*t' 00 *<l t?!
til' *\ty^''A \J\Sf i/jJC-V " ¦% Wttm j |U Ni b* B" L-Pft fl"ii3*a5 the Z<=nuinrnrs»<.f tha ts«isiQru*l letters Xj
1fi%}&jr<jWi£*lSl'Jt*9 t \ <B'£l\ V J»H H H ra H E IS we are constanrlw publishing, we h*ve '«-
*5"W TilV vJti\l?* JR \L^i\^»T«A llli*Jiiwr n' •'ep 0 *""? w^ *^ e National City Bar.i, of Lvnn, Mass., Jiooa, r
Ly. * \ I$fe2^£jj&* \J&£' "v^M^A B H M H I I P k! which will be paid to .my person who will »how that the above f?
mt \ ' "£ » V*' \vteftBC< \% ' ' A^. "*!t9 BL-ff WL M BIB Rfl iritimonial* ar« not K* n ' i > r "\ of w«?rr p^Wishtd before obtainir< *4'
j '*k** jV."V v^^\ itaV V^!^? *^C '•P' th« writers' special permission, — Ltsia E.Piiiaiah Uiaicus Co. Ri
• ~&^/ Perfect
\»/ CDITiDlBXiOn
Possible, and- such thiners as Jtan.
sunburn, sallowness. oilv or muddy
skin, pimples and blackheads are out
of the question if you use "-•'•*•
Sold by druggists and jjenerai
dealers, or sent prepaid on receipf o£
• price — 5oc.
E. B. HARRINGTON & CO.. Wu
Los Anp:ele3. CaL "
/ J VA-^'fiS ALL OTHER P
SUBSTITUTES &
S™a&l] FOR LARD OR g
fi^5§! \ft' i ; -BUTTER FOR |
ffifj j COOKI N G g
p^^BM "< HAVE FAILED j
t&^g$l // i\ ' BECAUSE OF ',
the', odor I
GIVEN THE I
JB ! 'ARE USED. I
\ I I'll A B GarEr^kk rai E. tt* ' A ek E»M /
¦ tias h* niod ore* agr-'n «r.a ov»r tsftin ur.ttl tbe H
B lut drep bu don« it* »ppctiilr.(; work. It remain! B
¦J tweet, per* kol eloan to tbo la»t nii don not «x- I 9
¦ eL*ni«th«r.»vorcJU.o vtrloc* food* coot»l in it - BTh? Native Daughters.
Th« officers of La Estrella Parlor of the
Native Da-jghters of the Golden West
were installed on the 12th Inst. by District
Deputy Grand President Mrs. Aggie Lun
etedt, assisted by Mrs. A. Aigeltinger as
past grand president and Birdie Hart
xnann as grand marshal. The new otll
cere, whose names have already been pub
lished In this department, propose to make
the current term one of the most success
ful that the parlor has had In years. At
the close of the ceremony of installation
the parlor presented to Mrs. Lunstedt, the
Installing officer, a gold and silver sugar
elfter as a token of its appreciation of her
work and assistance to the parlor.
The officers of Orrada Parlor will be la-
In Groves of Druids.
Grand Secretary Graves visited Newman
on the 16th to assist C. J. Fllipplnl of Sa
liras Grove to work up a new .grove In
Ahat place. On the 17th he was Joined
'by Noble Grand Arch Lanfre, ll A. Wolff
of the Druids' Magazine, Ban Francisco;
Past Arch <Je Legh of Stockton, and Past
Arches H. Christ and C. R. Graves. T. A.
Tillman. X. A., D. C. Wood. George T.
Goodwin. Smith Steinberg-. S. A. Roes and
District Deputy John Kane, all of Mo
'desto Grove. Newman Grove No. 127 was
then Instituted with twenty-four charter
cembcrs. all secured by Mr. Fllipplnl.
After the ceremonies the grand omcers
and visitors were entertained In acknowl
edgment of their work.
Olive Grove at Its Uet held meeting Ini
tiated one stranger and conferred the
third degree; Salinas Grove initiated twen
ty-four and now has a membership of
xilnety-flve ; Perseverance Grove worked In
the initiatory decree, conferred the sec
end degree and then held an interesting
reunion; Alplni Grove Initiated six and re
ceived four applicaticns. and Golden Star
Grove had three applications.
There was a good attendance In Laurel
Grove last Friaay night to welcome the
Past Arches" Association on Its fraternal
visit. There were addresses by James F.
Martinor.f. the president of the associa
tion, and others for the good of the or
der, and a very pleasant and interesting
evening was spent.
Manzanita Grove is still advancing. r#
ceiving applications and at every meeting
having work in one or more of the de
grees. The grove has a surprise in a so
cial way in view, but it does not care at
this time to make the same public.
Cayucoa Grove initiated six strangers in
the past t-m-o months, and It is preparing
to exemplify the amplified degrees on the
occasion of the official visit. Mission
Grove of San Luis Obispo Initiated three
at its last held meeting and received two
applications. A large class win be Ini
tiated on the night of the official visit.
Guadalupe Grove has now the largest
membership of any grove in the Jurisdic
tion.
On the nlcht of January 14 Pickwick
Xx>dpa. with the co-operaxlon of Burnaby
Lodge, tendered a reception to Grand
President Robert Sharp of Los Angeles.
Upon the lodge closing there was an ad
journment to a downtown grillroom
where an excellent supper waa served.
President Ford of Pickwick Lodge pre
sided. In proposing the toast of the Queen,
the loastroaster tpoke in eulogistic terms
of her and her administrative ability.
The toast of "The President of the United
States" was drur.k with loyal enthusi
asm. J. B. Brown then sang "Hearts
of Oak" with characteristic British
epirit. "Th© Grand Lodge Order Sons
of Bt. George" was coupled with the
name of the gu«»st of the evening. Worthy
Grand President Robert Sharp, In re
sponse, dwelt upon the many advantages
of aa order guch as that of which he had
the honor to be grand president, and
thanked the brothers for the compliment
which had been paid him by the presence
of so many members of Jhe order. Mr.
Hentley gTeatly amused the gathering by
his rendering of the humorous song,
••When the Old Dun Cow Caught Fire."
President Fcrd then proposed the toast
at "The Old Country." coupled with the
i.ame of Dr. Digby Johnston, who re
sponded with the eloquence of which he
has such perfect command, drawing- at
tention specially to the fact that loyal
Englishmen make the very best of Ameri
can citizens. A member of Burnaby Lodge
then called <or the toast of "The Grand
Old Man of Pickwick L«odee, Brother
J( hnston." Mr. Booth sang "MacN'a
rru:ra's Pand." which was much enjoyed.
Mr. Meyerscough. sang the "Village
Blacksmith" and Mr. Holt the "British
Lion." McDermott's well-known patriotic
fcor.g. Mr. Carles Bans "Soldiers of the
Vjueen," and was enthusiastically assist
ed in the chorus. Mr. Musgrave. on a
ca.Il from the chair, said he was glad to
pee such a meeting of the various lodges,
Pickwick. Burnaby. Albion and Derby,
end hoptd it would be the Inauguration
of many such meetings. "Auld Lang
6ync" terminated a very pleasant even
ls*
In Odd Fellows' Lodges.
The installation of the officers of Sun-
Kt Encampment. In Al.uneda. last week
was a brilliant affair. M. S. Madison, the
Installing officer, and his corps of assist
ants, were escorted by Cantons San Fran
cisco and Oakland. Patriarchs Militant
end the San Francisco Drill Corps of the
ltebekahf. Afier the installation there
were addresses by Past Grand Master L.
I- Alexander. Past Grand Patriarch L. W.
6. Dnwm-s and Grand Scribe Barnes, after
which there was a drill by the San Fran
cisco Drill Coir^. Captain Allie Parker
commanding, which was deservedly re
ceived with many marks of approval.
Then followed a collation and dancing
Reports from ell branches of the order
for the term closing In December 6how
flattering and satisfactory results.
Grand Patriarch R. D. Gummoe and
Past Grand A. R. Lord are making of
ficial visitations in Ihe southern part of
the State.
There will be a joint installation of the
officers of Wlldey and Unity encamp
n^nif on the night of the 2Sth Inst.
Golden Gate Encampment will celebrate
Its fcrty-eighih anniversary on the 9th of
February by a banquet after an hour's
entertainment In the lodgroom.
Sacramento Lodge will celebrate the
rolden Jubilee of Its Institution to-morrow
night.
C. A. Sumner will deliver an Interesting
lecture next Wednesday night before
Teir.plar Lodge. All the local lodges have
been extended an Invitation to attend.
Grand Master Watson paid an official
visit last Tuesday night to Parker Lodge,
end on Thursday night he waa with Gold
en West Lodge.
Last Wednesday night there waa a large
attendance in the hall of Oriental Rebekah
Lodge on the occasion of the official visit
by Mrs. Caroline A. Hoxett. president of
the California Assembly. The new of
ficers for the first time had work In the
conferring of degrees on five candidates,
and the work of the new noble- gTand,
Jlattle Webb, was specially commended.
Sons of St. George.
Order of Eastern Star.
Ivy ' Chapter at Us last held meeting
elected three candidates and* received four
applications. There will be initiation at
the next meeting, on the second Tuesday
in February.
At the xue«tlng of California Chapter on
the ISth lsst. W. O. Macdougall. J. K.
Hacna ar.d William Edwards were ini
tiated as members. Four candidates
whose petitions were favorably passed
upon were elected and four new petitions
were received and referred to committees.
At the close of the meeting there was an
adjournment to the dance hall, where
there were game*, music, dancing and a
collation.
/ — \ AKLAND COMMANDBRT. K.
> i TT" > \N T.. oreaiiiiri«S In 1S76 by Colonel
A \\ \] A. S. Hubbaxd. celebrated its
IV \\ 1/ twenty-fifth anniversary In
\NAl/ Oakland on the ISth Inst. by a
' grand banquet, at -which thero
ivere present a large number
ef the Sir Knights and Invited guest. 1 ?.
Af: f -r the menu had been disposed of
There were responses to toasts and vocal
¦ad instrumental music. The music vras
furnished by the Golden Gate Comman
flerj Quartet-Frank Howard. D. M. Law
rence. Master Howard Tayler and Benja
min Tuttle— «nd Messrs.. Tuttle. Howard
end Kinij. The accompanists we*© Mrs:
J. H. Tayler and \V. H Kins. The toasts
were: "The Grand Commandery." re
sponded to by S*r Hiram T. Graves; "The
.Pioneers of Oakland Ccmmandery No. 11."
Sir Solomon LjLthrop; "The Ladies," Sir
Franklin II. Day; -Knight TemplariBit."
fir H. W. Scott; "The Templars of the
Twentieth Century." Sir E/ K. Tayler,
&nd "The Illustrious Order of th« Red
Cross." Sir Charles J». Fox. During the
evening the eminent commander In a neat
speech presented to Sir A. S. Hubbard a
comxnandery badge as a souvenir of the
occasion. There -were more than two hun
dred ladies and gentlemen at the banquet.
stalled on the last Thursday In the cur
rent month.
The following named were installed- a*
the officers of Golden State Parlor by Mrs,
Emma Thierbach, D. D. G. P.: President.
Miss T. Ducker: past piesident. Miss G.
Schade; first vice president. Miss L. We
del: second vice president. Miss R, Hunt;
third vice president, Miss M. Smith; finan
cial secretary, Mrs. B. Denahey; record
ing secretary, Miss M. Tletjen; marshal.
Miss M. Ducker; outside sentinels. Miss
A. Sturken; trustees — Miss «F. von Sta
den. Miss H. Reuscho, Miss J. Meyer.
Tuesday evening, the 15th inst., the of
ficers of Oto Fino Panor No. S were pub
licly installed by Mrs. Mary Meyers, dis
trict deputy grand president. In Balboa
Hall, Native Sons' building, which was
beautifully decorated for tha occasion In
blue and gold. The officers of the parlor
are: President. Mrs. J. J Meyer: pa3t
president. Miss Alice Croijey: first- vioa
president, Mrs. Julia Wright; second vice
president, Miss Emma Ludemann: third
vice president, Miss Jennie Fleming; mar
shal, Mrs. Belle Wlrtner; recording secre
! tary. Miss M. J. Smith financial secre
tary, Miss Jennie Stark: .trustees— Miaa
Tlllle Stahl. Miss Annie Hlnck, Miss Ab
bie McLaughlin; outsme sentinel, Miss
Agnes Quadt: Inside sentinel. Miss Rose
Oneta; organist, Mi6s Katherine Holland:
physician, Emma C. Lafontalne. At the
close of the installation ceremonies Miss
Nellie T. Mulcay. chairman of the even
ing, presented Mrs. Mary Meyers. D. D.
G. P., with a shower bouquet of violets.
Miss Alice Croney, the retiring president,
was the recipient of an elegant pin set
with diamonds and pearls, a token of thi
esteem a-nd appreciation of the members
of oro Kino Parlor. Miss Croney respond
ed and thanked the parior in a few appro
priate remarks. Refreshments were then
served and the following programme ren
dered: Fancy dance. Miss Helen W right;
soprano solo. Miss Katherine Holland;
barytone solo. Alex Williams; selectioiu,
Lyric ouartet; vocal solo, -Mr. Bald. Tha
remainder of the evening was spent 1q
dancing. ¦ '
The following named vlsitea the office
of the grand secretary last week: Mrs.
Jennie Brown, Lorin; Mrs. Wllkin, Santa
Cruz; Mrs. Laroche. ' Tosemite No. at;
Clara Faulkner. Alta No. 3: Agnes Tho
mavle, Alta No. 3; Mary E. Tillman, P.
G. P.. Minerva No. 2, .'ity; Matilda Duck
er, Golden State No. 53. Mabel Benjamin,
: Darina No. 114: Joe Brown, Darina No-.
11*; Pet Brown Darina No. 114: Mrs. Ham
mersmith, Darina No. 114: Lena Sullivan,
Yosemite No. S3; Mary Meyers. Alta Ho.
3; Lillian Versalovlch. Fremont No. 59;
Rosa Moller. Las Lflmas No. 72: Mary
Waters, Las Lomas No. 72; Mary Malta,
Sutter Creek. •
A new parlor of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West was instituted with
twenty-five charter members at Green
wood, Mendocino County, on the 11th
inst. by the organizer, Mrs. Sadie Oster
man, past president of Sans Soucl Parlor
of this city. The following are. the offi
cers for the present term: Leila Reise,
P. P.; Alice Pollard. P.; Susie Barry.
Maude Gregory and Alice Walsh, V. P.'s;
Minnie Scott, M.; Kate Dougherty. R. S.;
Mary Joseph, F. S.; Helen Drew, Tr.;
Mary Clark, I. S.: Dolly Schiller, O. S.;
Mary Gilkman, Mary Wells and Minnie
Wells, trustees; Julia Scott, organist, and
Drs. Reise and Gregory, physicians. The
new parlor will be Known as Greenwood
No. 121. On the evening of the installa
tion of the officers there was a banquet
at which the officers and members of
Greenwood Parlor of the Native Sons
were" the special guests. The banquet hall
wtis very prettily decorated, as was also
the tables on which, there were covers for
fifty-five. A most enjoyable evening was
spent, and the final toast was the success
of the baby of the order of Native Daugh
ters. .•
Mrs. Osterman has arranged to visit
Fcrt Bragg. Mendocino City and Point
Arena for the purpose of organizing a
parlor in each of these places.
The members of Crockett Parlor have
presented to Mrs. Osterman, their organ
izer and instituting officer, a beautiful al
ligator skin grip as a testimonial of their
tppreciation of her, to be used by her In
her travels through the country in or
ganizing Native Daughter parlors.
The officers of Darina Parlor were in
stalled last Monday by Mrs. Mary Mey
ers,- D. D. G. P.. assisted by Mrs. Lun-
Ftedt. During 'the evening a handsome
pin was presented to Jennie Creighton,
the retiring president. ....
The following named parlors have sent
contributions of money to the Native
Daughters' Home as a Christmas gift:
Manzanita No. 29, Grass Valley, $10; Co
lumbia No. 70. French Corral, $10; Laurel
No. 6. Nevada City, $2; Pinole No. 92,
Pinole, $1; Alta No. 3. San Francisco, Jo;
Buena Vista No. 68, San Francisco, $5;
Oro Fino No. 9. San Francisco, 520;
Orinda No. 56, San Francisco, $5.
. The following officers of San Lulslta
Parlor No. 10S. N. D. G. W., will be in
stalled Monday evening next by D. D.
G P. Miss Agroes M. Lee: Past president,
Agnes McCaffrey; president, Anna Klu
ver; first vice president. Eva I. Ballou;
second vice president, Josephine Rosellp;
third vice president Cecil Zederman; re
cording secretary, Agnes M. Lee; finan
cial secretary. Louis R. Egan; marshal,
Marian Hourihan; O. S., Alice Knowlton;
I. S.. Alice Jones: trustees— Almira Fied
ler, Mary R- L. Bowen. Nellie Thomson;
organist, Maud -Scott. Refreshments were
feerved after the Installation.
Miss Agnes L«?e, D. D. G. P., installed
the following officers for San Miguel Par
lor, Native Daughters, for the ensuing
term: Past president. M. R, Murray;
president. Catherine Thompson; first vice
president, Gladys Boswell; second vice
president. Winnie Hutson: third vice pres
ident. Bertha Ballard; recording secre
tary. M. R. Murray; financial secretary,
Jessie Kirk; treasurer, Gladys Boswell;
marshal, Mary E. Stanley: O. S.. Lulu
Fisher; I. S., Mattie Asmus; trustees —
Winnie Hutson, Mary . E. Stanley, and
Mary McFaddln. A supper was served at
the conclusion of the work.
The hop given by Oro Fino Parlor in
the Assembly Hall of the Red Men's
building on the night of the ISth inst.
was a delightful affair, which was at
tended by a large number of those who
received Invitations. The committee hav
ing charge of the function— Nellie Mulcay
(floor manager), Mrs. J. J. Meyer. Jennie
Stark, Annie Flemming. Miss Seller and
Mrs. Grennlnper— presented an evenly bal
anced programme of dances and excellent
music.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
The reports for the preceding term of
Triumph Lodge of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen show that the lodge is
in a prosperous condition and that it
added materially to its membership.
The new officers of Spartan Lodge were
Installed on the 15th Inst. by District Dep
uty Grand Master J. J. Cunningham, as
sisted by Past Masters Danforth, Bow
man, Hansen and Stock. The work was
done with a perfectness that has seldom
been' excelled by any deputy.
The Installation of the officers of Frank
lin Lodge No. 4-1 on the 11th inst. was fol
lowed by a very interesting programme
of entertainment and the serving of a col
lation and light refreshments. There was
good singing, many excellent recitations,
an up-to-the-point address on Workman
ship' by Judge .Will J. Beatty, the venera
ble recorder of the lodge, and "a few min
utes with Casey" by P. J. Dwyer, the fi
nancier of the lodge, who has been named
the "prince of ventriloaulsts."
On the night of the 11th Inst. the offi
cers of Sacramento and Union Lodges of
Sacramento were jointly installed. On
that occasion Special Deputy W«Jls," who
will be with this lodge until March, was
introduced and was cordially welcomed.
After the ceremonies there was a ban
quet got up in excellent shape, at which
there were addresses by the new officers
and ¦ the special guest, the deputy, R. F.
Wells. . .
After the installation of the officers of
Unity Lodge by District Deputy Cunning
ham, assisted by J. Bowman as guide.
Past Master T. W. Ward was presented
by the lodge with a gold watch and the
pin of merit awarded to the lodge- by the
extension committee for having 'brought
In a stated numfcer of members.
The officers of Prosperity Lodge were
Installed by Major Blackman, D. D. G. M.
W.. assisted by Colonel Malloy, S. O. T.
E. C. as grand guide. • lli.i.V'""'
Last week District . Deputy William
Hansen installed the officers of Alta
Lodge at Mangels Hall and on the
following night he, assisted by J. D.
Shaylor as grand guide and' a full corpa
of erand officers, installed the followine
named officers of Excelsior Lodge In. the
presence of a largo number of members
•of the order: Henry B. Isaacs, P. M. W.;
William H. Day, M. W.: Griffith Jones,
F.: Joseph E. Lee, O.; Michael Sullivan,
G.; Thomas J. Code. I.' W.. and John
Quinton. O. W. The lhstalling officer's
work was letter perfect, and he and his
fellow grand, officers -were given a vote of
thanks. The music Incidental to the cere
mony was by the Noe Valley Lodge band.
After the ceremony there were' addresses
for the good of the order by Past Grand
Master Workman .Barnes and; -Colonel
; Molloy, after which there was an adjourn-
the court. ; ' ¦>¦¦..' ¦ .
Court Dlxon had .its. officers . installed
last Wednesday night by Deputy Eugene
Furgeson. 1 he reports read, show that
the court has a good membership and is
financially well off. It was the. night of
the official visit and' the attendance" was
large. There were a number of Interest
ing speeches and then a collation, when
two hours were spent in merriment. This
court has offered a valuable prize to any
member' who shall "bring in- the greatest
number of members in excess of six. : ¦
Court Defiance will give a call-in Golden
Gate Hall on the 23d. - - •. ' ¦
Grand Secretary ,Cordy and J. .Label of
the American Forester Review paid a
visit to the court In :ValleJo on Tuesday.
There was the initiation of alarge clas3
of strangers. . ''.-,"_-":•.;¦¦:
The reports show that the membership
on the 3lst of December was in excess of
16,000. ' •¦ ¦ " ¦ .: .-. .- ,-,•••
Court Bay City on last Wednesday night
had the following officers installed for the
current term by . Deputy Grand- Chief
Ranger E. Isaacs, assisted by M. . Harris,
past chief ranger qf Court Magnolia aa
grand herald: Arnold .Gobdfriend, Junior
past chief ranger; R. S. Presley, C. R>; M.
Glass, S. C. R. ; S. Gortenberg,- T. ; I. O.
Kasser, F. S.; Jacob Kallman,* R."S.; R.
Morgenstern, S. "W.; I. OasoosWyrJ: W.;
N. H. Eelin, S. B.; J. Schlndler. J. B.; J.
T. Powers, A. B. Treadwell and M.'Grov
ers. trustees; H. Londoner, organist.
Companions of America/- •
'On the night of the 18th Inst. Grand Sub-
Chief .Miss Alice. Tlcoulet,. In company
with a number of the grand /officers 1 of
the Companions of the Forest of America,
paid an official visit to Hamlet Circle in
Alameda. It was one of the most enjoy
able visits that has been held for a long
time. The members of Elmhurst Circla
attended in a body and all present were
entertained by the wise, remarks of the
visiting s*ub-chief and the interesting ad
dresses of those. who accompanied her.
On last Tuesday night ' the grand sub
chief, accompanied by Grand Recording
Secretary Mra. L. Atwood, Grand Trustee
Mrs. H. Worms, Past Grand Chief Com
panion Mrs. Emma Agnes- Harrington,
members of Inter ¦Nos.'Robin Hood, San
Francisco, Bonita an* Pride of the Forest
cfrcles. visited Mlzpah,, where the grand
officers were formally received.-
Last Wednesday night- the ¦ social of
Robin Hood Circle in the Alcazar build- ;
Ing was attended by- a -large number of
people, who were entertained with a good
programme of musical and literary num
bers, besides a fancy dance, by 'little. Eu
nice Miller.. Miss A. Tlcoulet. was the
floor manager, and those who assisted
were Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, 'Mamie 'Scho'en;
Annle Greenberg, Martha Hllker, Nellie
Johnson. Mary Walter, Lizzie von Putt
kamer, Annie Kientz and Mrs.. CO. Mil
ler. ' ' '•¦> - ' - "•'¦' - •• ¦
Robin Hood Circle will be officially vis
ited on .the night -of the :6th of -February
by the grand chief companion and. other
grand officers. - ' ' >. ' > . v '.
Mizpah Circle has arranged -for a grand
ball to be given .in the Potrero House on
the night, of the 9th of February. Prizes
are offered for the best dressed lady and
gentleman and for the most original char
acters. • . , • £«
National Union • Notes.
The entertainment given; by the .Social
and Literary Club .; recently was a
great success. The attendance was
larger than on any. previous occasion and
the programme. was orte that was enjoyed
in the fullest by all. ' The « dance pro
gramme was well arranged and .the mu
sic was all that could be desired. Tl\eso
entertainments are becoming more^ and
more popular every, month- and the indi
cations are that in the near future th a
committee will have" to secure larger
quarters in which ' to. kive them. I . .-,
President Cutberth of the San- Francisco
Cabinet is also announced as- a. candidate
for the office of representative to the
senate of the order. He has been an ac
tive worker for the order and hi* frlend3
Intend to use all honorable -means -to se
cure the office for him. ' The omission • of
"ex" in a notice last week made it appear
that Norman R. Arter, who is also a can
didate for the ?same honor," is the presi
dent of the cabinet. -Mr. .Arter .was pres
ident of the San Francisco Cabinet and is
now one of the "has-beens." —- : . — ••
The officers of California Council ' were
.Installed last week in Elks'. Hall
after the Initiation . of filx. strangers. The
installing officer was President • Cuthbert
of the San Francisco Cabinet, . assisted
by Past President Arter as marshal." The
new officers are: W. A. S." Nicholson, pres
ident; Charles. R.' Ford, vice president ;E.
A. M. Gilbert, speaker; A. G.- Page, 1 chap
lain: J. R. McGufflck,. usher; • L. W.
Clarke; sergeant at arms; :A. ', A; . 'Banz.
doorkeeper; C. H. Vart Ordenr secretary;
H. A. Graves, financial secretary, and H.
L. Tickner, treasurer. At the termination
of the installation service President Spar
row, on retiring from the Chair .which' he
ably tilled during. the past term, was pre
sented with a costly gold. and diamond
studded emblematic button. .Then fol
lowed an hour of "song and -the serving of
refreshments and a collation under the
direction of Usher McGufflck.- ." ,- - c .,
California Council, of the. National
Union has 'elected the- following named
as its delegates to the convention to nom
inate a senator from this city: ,J.-R. Mc-
Gufflck. James A. Wilson, L. Vincent, W.
A. S*. Nicholson. Charles R. Ford, T. S.
Malloy and J. J/ Wilson. . • •_; . ¦.. .
Knights of the Maccabees.' % ,
At the' review of San. Francisco Tent on
the 11th Inst. there was. % large attendance
to witness the initiation*.; of eighteen
strangers by the degree: team, which did
excellent work and was, loudly applauded.
Among those pi esent- were -the members
of .Pacific Tent, who visited in a body ami
were cordially welcomed.* During the
evening Deputy Supreme Commander
Blake presented twenty-five applications
and promised more in the future.;.- Under
good of the order there were addresses by
a number of the Sir Knights upon the
prosperity of the tents and the fraternal
feeling existing between .the members.
There were suggestions, as , to the possi
bility of a contest between the teams of
the local tents. The matter was left to the
decision of the captain -of • each of. the
three teams. ' ' -??¦ ¦ _ ';-".' - : -.
It is expected that Supreme Recoul
Keeper George J. Slegle will. visit this city
some time In the early part' of, 'April, pre
vious to the session of -the State; conven
tion. As it will be his first visit .tj the
Golden State and its metropolis < tho Sir
Khlghts of the local tents will make'ar
rangements to receive and entertain him
during his stay in this cityr Past Com
manders G. • V. . Leroi and Thomas J." Har
ris of San Francisco Tent have been ap
pointed a committee . to . cdnf er - with the
other tents on this matter.' - '. -..;¦• .
Golden West Tent will Install its officers
on the night^of the; 29th, inst..; on which
occasion there will be, after, the ceremony,
a fine programmeof entertainment and a
supper. "The t-jnt now; has a membership
of 230. and its- rew deputy., Eugene . Con
reich, has agreed. to.lncrease the member
ship fifty by, the end of June: Gl. L.' Mor
gan and H. Ernest have s been : appointed
a -committee pn- conference; for the recep-
Uon of the supreme record -keeper. •
J. W.; S. Carlson, S. B.; J. B. Ryan, J. B.,
and Ernest M. Jakobs, trustee. Under
good of the order, the retiring chief ran
ger, Dr. Troppmann, was highly compli
mented by the grand court officers 1 for
the good work in behalf of the court and
order he had done during' the* term, he
having- Initiated sixty-height : candidates,
bringing the membership up to . 290. The
court has $S55 In banks to its credit.; .The
court will give Its first -quarterly invita
tion social of the century on the 7th of
next February in its hall In - ' the Pythian
Castle, and will hold its annual picnic in
Schuetzen Park on the 26th of May. . •
>The officers of Court Bay City will be
Installed on the night, of the 23d inst., on
which occasion ¦ Grand Recording .Sepre
tary O'Brien will, in company. with other
grand officers, pay the court an official
visit. ¦ • .- -'-'¦••".•., ,-•, •
The new officers of that very active and
enterprlslr.gr court, Sutro Heights No; 136,
were Installed last Monday night by Dep
uty Grand Chief Ranger. M. Magulre, as
sisted by Ben G. Levy as grand herald,
in the presence of several of the - grand
officers and many members, and visitors.
After the ceremony of installatlbn there
was a programme of entertainment.- In ad
dition to speeches by' Miltdh" A." Nathan
and Grand Recording Secretary O'Brien.
A feature- of the evening was a boxing
contest by the Masters Franz, aged re
spectively eight and nine years. They
looked like two pigmies -struggling for
'points. Past Chief ¦ Kanger. Clancy eriter
] tained with stories, ¦jEdward-.Alexander
i whistled many airs in admirable style and
Charles Hammersmith, who' has recently
Joined one o* the local theatrical troups,
amused those present with . funnylsms.
There -were refreshments and smoking
materials for all, and the -affair was in
I accord with the well-known hospitality of
THE FRATERNITIES
ment to the banquet hall, ; where there
was served an excellent ~ collation and
there was an. hour of music, talks and
songs under the direction oJ the toast
master, the venerable grrand receiver, Sam
Booth. \ •¦ , •. : > ". _¦
The officers of Noe Valley Lodge have
been Installed by .District Deputy Glen
non, assisted by Colonel Malloy as grand
guide. This lodge has placed in office a
set of younsr men who have expressed
a desire to earnestly work for ' the best
interests of the order. After the meet
ing there was a good programme, of en
tertainment. • : - ¦'-¦-.
The new officers of Sliver Spray L<3dsre
of the D. of H. were Installed - last week
by. Miss Lorette F. Donnelly, grand re
corder, assisted by Mrs. C. T. Spencer, as
usher and Mrs. H. J. Stewart and Mrs.
M. Plnkham. The retiring past chief. ;
Lucy HcNear. was presented a handsome '
jewel of her rank and then Mra. Walter
Malloy was presented a beautiful wold
necjc chain as a token of appreciation of
her services for n lbng time as organist
for the lodge. • • •- • '- - !
• A new lodge of the Degree of- Honor. •
Marguerite No. 108, has been instituted at
Downleville. . . . . '. i
The installation of the officers. of Mag
nolia Lodge of the Ancient - Order of
Untted Workmen in Golden Gate Hall 0:1
the nisrht of the 21st was an unusually
attractive nfftilr. Despite the very un
pleasant weather, there were present a !
large number of the order and friends 'of :
the lodge members. The installing of-'
fleer was District Deputy Grand Master !
Workman James Cunningham, who, was .
assisted by a full corps ofofflcers repre
senting the grand officers: . Wetmore,
as past grand master workman: c • T.
Spencer, grand foreman; C. Brind, grand |
overseer; Dr. H. Grlmshaw, grand re
ceiver; Colonel Walter s Malloy. grand j
financier; District Deputy Stock, grand
recorder; J. Bowman, grrand guide; Cap
tain R. H. McPherson, grand Inside
watchman, and J. Tyler, grand outside
watchman. The. installing officer, pre- j
vlous to the ceremony, presented each. of 1
those who assisted him a neat buttonhole j
bouquet. The work of installation was |
performed in a very impressive manner!
and after the proclamation there was a]
choice programme of entertainment nnder
the direction of the following named com
mittee of arrangements: N. Fallek, Dr.
F. T. Duncan, M. L. Stern. Charles R.
Heyden and Joseph F. Blazek. The num
bers Included selections by an orchestra, an
address on the work of the order- by "Wil
liam Henry Barnes, P.-G.'M. W.; vocal
solo.- Robert Plunkett; recitation. Master
Irving Fallek; vocal solo. Miss Edna Her
old: piano selections. Miss Gertrude Roth
holtz, and specialties b" little Tessle j
Grade Rothholtz. The officers! of the
lodge who are to serve for the term are:
Past master workman, Simon Cohen;
master workman, M. II. Besson; foreman.
Dr. F. T. Duncan; overseer, M. IX Stern;
receiver, S. Kragen; financier, Hermann
Stern; recorder. C. T. Spencer; guide, 8/
Isaacs; Inside watchman, H.Ratowsky;
outside watchman, J. Stamper; organist,
C. S. Packard.
The programme at an end- there was
dancing till. 1 o'clock in the morning.
Durina: the evening there .was the pre
sentation of a beautiful gotd watch - to
Simon Cohen, the retiring master work
man. This lodge, 'Which started in 1873
with seven members, now has a member
ship of 410 and^has $7250 in its treasury.
Knights of Honor. '
The Installation banquet of Yerba Buena
Lodge of the Knights of. Honor. on the
night' of the 21st was a well arranged af
fair and greatly enjoyed by all who sat
around the festive board. : After the first
class supper had been disposed of, Thom
as Martin, the new dictator, acting : as
toastmaster, called for addresses appro
priate to* the occasion. After a few re
murks for the general good by Supreme
Representative M. L. Crowe, he,- on behalf
'of the lodge presented to the retiring dic
tator, F. F. Wedekind, one of the most
energetic young men who ever occupied
the station of dictator, a beautiful gold
watch and highly praised his work and
devotion to the lodge. He then presented
a beautiful emblematic pin to -District
Deputy Grand Dictator Summers, who
has faithfully assisted the lodge for a
¦number of years. This was followed .by
excellent ventriloquism' by J. P. Dwyer,
the prince of double-voiced men. Then
there were Interesting • and logical ad
dresses by Grand Reporter Thomas John
stone and by Grand Dictator PrescottL..
Archibald. A comic song by the dictator
brought the programme to an end, after
which a number of young men signed ap
plications. • .
.Last Tuesday night, at a meeting of the
general committee of arrangements to en
tertain the grand lodge officers and repre
sentatives held in the office of the grand
reporter; there werepresent Ben I. Solo
mon, A. M. McPherson, P. L. Archibald,
A. Morrison, E. T. Mlnnehan and C. H.
Holcomb, chairman of the Past Dictators'
Association, a plan was presented and it
will probably bo carried out. It will in
clude a banquet.
Last Wednesday the officers of Eureka
.Lodge were installed with appropriate
ceremonies. . "
Last Wednesday the grand dictator vis
ited the lodge in Monterey,- where he in
stalled the officers and assisted at the
Initiation of several candidates. On
Thursday he attended an open meeting of
the Sacramento lodge, on which occasion
there the installation of the officers
and a good programme of installation. On
Friday night he was with the lodge in
Napa.
Last night Past Grand Dictator C. W.
Decker was Installed . dictator of-Tancred
Lodge. ¦ ¦ / • .
Independent Foresters.
The Past Chief Rangers' Association at
a meeting last week made arrangements
for the third of the popular monthly en
tertainments which have been arranged
for the winter months; • -- • >•
The officers of Court Yerba Buena have
been installed by W. I. Avery, D. H. C. R.
This court has adopted a rule that here
after all members must call at the court
room to settle for dues and assessments
on or before the day of delinquency.
'Court Southern Heights of the Indepen
dent Order of Foresters will hold ¦ a - social
function in Odd Fellows' Hall on the 21st
of February. This court has during the
present -term increased Its membership
by 82. ' .
Sons of St._Gteorg«. _
On the night of the 12th inst. Burnaby
Lodge of the Sons of St. George gave a
banquet In the Shiels building ¦ to
Worthy Grand President Sharpe of Los
Angeles, who is making a tour of the
State on behalf of the order. There was
a good attendance and a goodly represen
tation from Pickwick and Albion lodges
to greet the guest of the evening and to
partake of the hospitality of ; Burnaby.
There were a number of. pleasant ad
dresses, good vocal selections, and dur
ing the evening It was anounced that the
honored visitor has been doing good work
In behalf of the Sons of St. George. The
affair was under the direction of the
special committee of the lodge, consisting
Of W. G. Johnson, W. R. Jack, W. H.
Fuller, W.. H. Williams ' and J. H. Blake-
T>augrhtera of St. Geqrg>».
A few evenings since a delegation of the
members of 'Britannia-Lodge of this city
and of Golden Gate" Lodge of 'Oakland
received at the Oakland mole Mrs. E.
Cook, supreme grand past president, upon
her arrival here from Cleveland, Ohio.
The lady, after her arrival, was the guest
of Mrs. A. E. Creba. D. D. \V. G.P., and
at her house she was tendered a recep
tion, when the distinguished visitor en
tertained the members of the order who
were present with a graphic account of
her trip westward. After a general con
versation and music and songs there was
an excellent dinner served on an artistic
ally decorated table. :* Subsequently the
visitor was accompanied by . a number of
the members of Britannia Lodge .to Oak
land lodge, where all were received with
a cordial welcome. After the visit Mrs.
Cook was the guest of honor at a ban
quet, where a very enjoyable hour was
S^>n the night of the 14th Inst. Mrs. Cook
was the guest of Britannia Lodge, on
which occasion she was presented. by the
president on.beha,lf of the lodge a'hand
somely engraved gold badge emblematic
of the order. The distinguished recipient
expressed her thanks for the gift and her
appreciation of the cordial welcome ex
tended t6 her-- Mrs. Cook will go to Los
Angeles to organize a lodge there., - .
y. ; Foresters of ' America. • ~ ?;\
Deputy Grand Chief Ranger*' Glover,
with the" assistance of Charles J. John
son as grand herald. Installed the follow
ing named as officers, of Court Seal. Rock
of the Foresters of America: Dr. Charlea
Troppmann, J. P. C.'R.; A. W. Roberts,
C. R.; H. von Dlekeni 8. C; B. J. Cof
fan«y, T. ; F. W. Bauer, F. , S. ; H. : J.' Wil
lis, R. S.; Dr. A, K. - Happersbergei*. P.;
J. B. , Raleigh, S. W.; Joseph Gallagher/
THE SAN FBANCISCO , CAIiLi, SUNDAY, JANUABY 27, ; 19O1.
27
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE. Judge.
JAMES F. GRACE, Slipper.
¦ — '"'
I..TO-DAY...
Sunday - - - - January 27th.
INTERNATIONAL
CHAMPION STAKE
AND
'BESERVE EVENT!
128— NOMINATIONS— 12.8
$1500.^ $1500
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third end .Townsend streets
at 9:15 a. m., 10:15 a, m,, 11 a. in.,
12 m. and lpm. Twenty-fifth and
Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning at 4:45 p. m. and after
the last course. San Mateo electric
cars every five minutes. -^
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
OLYMJPIA WxfiM
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
IN THE CITY.
QUERITAlriNCENT,
San Francisco's Favorite.
MABI5L~HIJDSON,
WHO CAN SINO.
THE MORRISSES,
Who Can Yoae In- Attitudes Gladiatorial.
ANETTE~GEORGE,
.. . Who Pleases Everybody.
And Our CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANT.
MATINEE EVERY 'SUNDAY.
" AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAY.
. . ADMISSION FREE. _•
THE PRISON J)F THE POPE.
LECTURE BY
REV. PETER C.YORKE
For the Benefit , of ST.- JOHN'S PARISH.
(Rev. Father Brady, Rector.)
Thursday Evening. F ?M901,
At 8 o'clock.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Fifth and Jessie . Streets.
TICKETS -..'.....Me
SALE OF SEATS
Begins To-Morro w •KdroijOjr
:" Ai. SHERMAN." CLAY & \ COVS STORE
GRAND VOCAL and MUSICAL RECITALS
• -; -To be Given In February -
. At METROPOLITAK TEMPfeE.
FISCHER'S coNCE«r jf>tri ous E .
":*"? ** — •"" "t-rt'—z r''-»--iii- n^th-r^
Hanlon and Elnyer. . Id* - Howell. Waterman
Sinters. Little. Alma 'Wathrlch. Hal Coniett.
'Ahem and Patrick and Hlnrichs* Orchestra.
" - Reserved Seats 25c Ma t in ee Sunday.
COMMENCING TO-DAY, ts* MATINEE. SUNDAY. JANUARY j 27.
THE GREATEST VAUDEVILLE SHOW BVEf* IN SAN FRANCMSCOI
: . . . DIRECT FROM BERLIN. • ¦,
THE NINE NELSONS
. ' '¦ The -World's Greatest Acrobatic Combination. _
FOY AND CLARK LEAMER SISTERS
In a "Will M. Cressy Comedy . Th* World's Most
Sketch, "The, Spring; of Youth." . Graceful Contortionists.
LIZZIE AND VINIE DALY
.-.' . - Vaud«vllle's Cleverest Terpslchoreans.
MONTMARTROIS TRIO HACKER and LESTER
WARREN and BLANCHARD SWIGETTE and CLARK
¦ .THIRD AND FINAL WEEK OF
E^harts BABY ELEPHANTS
• • The Only Perfect Animal Act Ever Seen In th* Wifi* World.
Parquet 25c. any seat; Balcony 10c; Children lCc, any part except reserved. A few front
orchestra rows, reserved. . SOc; .front rows of balcony, reserved, 25c. .
#.|..M-»-l'-:'-l"l-i^H"l''H"K^ I I I'M I'M I 1 ': I M M"K'}
•| Dry Goods; Company. I
|BLAGK DRESS GOODS! I
:: Commencing MONDAY, January 28th, we will #
j: offer the following lines at astonishingly low
•£ prices, to be closed out before stocktaking: • 4
f 50c Woo! Piai s reduced to. ...25C Yard ?
• j $1,25 Novelty Plaids reduced to 75c Yard J
I ; i $1.75 and $2 Genuine Scotch Plaids reduced to $1 Yard £
$2 and $2.25 Black Novelties reduced to $1 Yard jj
¦i\ $35 and $30. Colored French Dress Patterns re- ?
I'.? duce'd to. . . . . . .v. ..........; 615 Each %
•I REMNANTS! REMNANTS! |
j; Colored and Black, all lengths. ........... .HALF PRICE |
•• ' . . , J - - ¦¦ --'-'- ; ,¦-'— . . . _ ' j
% 8F.E DISPLAY IN" : Country Ordsrs Carefully . ?
V, €HOW->V1.NDOWS. ' aid Promptly Filled. t
\ CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS^COIVIPANY, |
•; SB. Comer Qeary and StocHon Streots, San PranoiBoo. -at
•• ; UNION S<?U/*RE. . j-
Z^¦¦i.-.i-inH, irii ii j ; i »i r m .i m m m n i -i -h-i-i- m.i i i m m i i -i-i- •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AMUSEKENTS.
sf% ft II IMBIA-^™™
If U LU RriBlA-LEADI'iG THEATRE
TO-NIGHT VtSS..'
THE GREAT PASTORAL DRAMA SUCCESS.
WAY DOWN EAST.
-BeftJnnlnft TO-MORROW, Monday,
LOUIS ' ~ KATHRYN
JAMES. KIDDER
In a Magnificent Production of
A Midsummer Night's Dream.
PRICES— $1 50, $1. 75c. BOc. 85C, 2So.
jg /S COM//VC.
O ALHAMBRA,
W W ' ¦ • Commencing- ]
X SUNDAY NIGHT
5^ . Feijpu^py-lO.
r\ Bale of seats opens "at Sherman,
JT^L Clay &. Co.'s. Saturday. Feb. 2.
BELASCO """TNAtfSjQtfrtg,
Phone Soutn' 533.
NOW THOROUOHL.Y_HEATED WITH STEAM
MATIN KE TO-DAY. PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c.
TO-XIGHT— Last J Pcrformance-^-The Bis Hit.
DARKEST RUSSIA.
TJDIfEC Evenings .10c. 15c. Kc, 3|c, We
FKltbb MatiiiMs 15c. 2*J
"A CBLBTBRATED CASE. M
: popular
MATHEE THIS AFTERNOON AT 1
TO-NIGHT, LAST TIME,
SWEET LAVENDER.
' TO-MORROW NIGHT FUN FOR ALL,
' William Gillette's Comedy,
ALL THE Bound
COMFORTS^.
O/f HOMJEJ L ° uth .
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
MIERH4N; CLAY & CO'S HiLL.
THURSDAY AND SATURDAY EVENINGS,
" ANUARY SI. and FEBRUARY 2, at 8:15.
' • ¦ TWO WAR TALKS OX THE
- nOER-BHITiaH WAR — -^—
Illustrated With Stereoptlcon Views (From Pho-
. tographs Taken Inthe Field) Dy-cY.^j ...
• ". JAMES J. : F., ARCHIBALD— -^-/ ; 4;
The. War Correspondent.. :• .
Reprrved Seats. $1. On «Ale at Sherman. Clay
tt Co.'ft, beginning: Tuesday, morning, Janu-
ary 28th.- - -— -' - -- - -¦• "" -> ¦--¦¦.¦'¦ ¦ --
KERN RIVEa OIL LANDS
' Proven territory, on line of. railroad, for
sale. Splendid ehanc« • for • those about : to
form an oil - company.. " NEWTON.', CAJU
MEN); & SOMES (S. C. : MASON, agent).
101' Chronicle bids.;" Ban] Francisco.. '
*TIVOL1*
MONDAY, January 28
SECOND WEEK
OF THE CHEAT MUSICAL HIT.
7 "R I i
BY THE AUTHORS OF "ROBIN HOOD."
Interpreted by our Great Com-
pany and Renowned Orchestra.
See ihe fencing Girls !
TheClown Ball©t!
The Funny "Juliet" Burlesque!
KexfJplTGWm
Evenings at 8. MaMnee Saturday at 2.
PCJPULAR PRICES— 2S and SO Cents.
. Telephone Bush O.
Beginning TO-MORROW < Monday) EYENINS
LAST WCEK Ol»
MRS. FISKE
In' the Play In Four Acts. Entitled.
(Founds on Thackeray's "Vanity Fair.)
LAST "BECKY SHARP" MATINEE NTTXT
SATURDAY. '. *
MONDAY, Feb. 4th, First lime Here of
MRS. FiSKE
—TX— *
Tessoftbe
D'Urbervilles
SEATS OX SALE THURSDAY MORXl^O.
Alf Elllnghouse, Prop, and Managtr.
Phone South 770.
statin* MATINEE TO-DAY.
W ' THE BIO FUN SHOW.
7 HAPPY DAYS 7
MATINEE SATURDAY.
WITH THOSE FURIOU&LY FUNXY FEL-
LOWS.
MURRA Y
MACK,
And Their Btff Company ot
35 CLEVER BOYS AND GIRLS 35
In Their New Musical HILARITY.
"SHOOTING
CHUTES."
••NTIFF SAID."
Evfmlnr— 23c. 35o. SOo and 75c
Matlne*— 13c. J5c. J5c and Mo.
Next— Wm. A. Brady*? Grand Production,,
"THE SORROWS OF SATAM."
GRAND* OPERA. MOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAY
LAST NIGHT
THE MOTH AND THE FLAM
. PRICES- Wo. 15c. ISc BOO.
A few front row* In orchertra 73c. Good re-
served seat In orchestra at all matinees Uo.
Branch T»ck«t Office— Emporium.
TO-MORROW ITVT5NINO.
CHARLES ERIN VERNER, tha Greatest Irish
Comedian of the Day. la
ARRAH-NA-POGUE.
CHUTES^ ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
&,'--. . INCLUDING "-v.a]'
ESM£BAXJ>A, THF1 M.US1CAI*
QTJEEN", THE ALCEDOS, OHO.
BABNAED AND OBO, DAVE
BAB.TON", WM.T/rTTTE CHAS-
TEBS, iELLE. ALCEDO, JATVTR3
GODrBET, NEW MOVINQ PIC-
TURTSl.
AMATEUR NIQHT. TBD8SDAY.
~*'-'- Telephone for Seata— Park C
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TA2»FORAN PARK— THIRD MEETUJO.
Monday. January O, to Saturday. Ttbruary
». Inclusive.
— i — - - - ~x-"-
SIX OR MORE RACS3 EACH WEEK DAT,
Six Stake Events, Three HnrdU Races and
Six Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF; THE DAT AT »:1» P. *f-
Tralns le*v« Third and Townsend stj««U tor
Tanforan Park at 7, 10:40. 11:30 a, tx. L 1:39
and J p. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park for
San Fra — • -at 4:15 p. m.. fotlowad after th»
last race at Intervals of a faw minute* by ••?-
eral specials. Seats In rear cars roserrtd for
ladles and their escorts. Admission to course.
Including railroad fare. S1.2S.
MILTON . S. LATHAM. Beeretaxr.
EPWAT»r» POWER. Racing Secretary.
r. . * a |-ji- These hotels pos-
Hut All r 8ess the «ttribntes
I KLI-iUL ibzt tom{sts Md
Qrjn . travelers appreciate
UliU —central location,
PDA MR liberal . manage-
U It nil U ment. modern ap-
IJflTCI O pointmenta "a n d
HOTELS, JE2&..21E
j San FranCiSCO. ropean plan*.
1/\ kiRP. W^hj'i' ff _THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SNUDAY, JANUARY 27, 1901.
28
SAW FRAHTCISCO CALL.
BTTSIKESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market "and Third. street*; open
until 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— BK Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
J00 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
6SS McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m.
<15 Lcrktn street; open until 930 p. m.
1941 Miscl'-n ftr«t; op«n until 10 p. m. .
S2«l Market street, corner Sixteenth; o»en
txatll f j. m. -¦' " ----'¦>
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. ra.
109* Valencia street: open nntll 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and K>n-
tuchy Btreets; ©pen until 9 p. m. .
CHURCH SERVICES.
tTNTTARIAX Church <First). south-west corner
G«a ry and Franklin s1«., P.ev. Bradford
L*avitt, minister; Rev. Dr. Stebbins. minister
emeritus; Chas. A. Murdook, superintendent
cf Sunday School— The Punday School 1s at
I» o'clock: the morninir service is at 11 '
o'clock; evening service. 7:45; morning. Rev. 1
Mr. Leavitt will preach the sermon on "The 1
Influence of HumWe Lives": Rev. Harold
Johnson cf Birmingham. England, will also ;
*peak upon "The MoraJ- Influence of the Life
of the Queen"; evrnini. Mr. Rot>ert Fl-etcber ,
will apeak on art; nort Ser.iay Mr. LouIb .
L1s*er will speak en music. Music by quartet ,
eboir. All are cordially Invited. • j
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, at Youn? \
Men's Christian Association building. Mason j
and Ellis ets.— Rev. John Hemphill. D. D.. |
rv_5tor. will preach morning snd evening. The |
Voun* Men's Christian Association will hold j
a memorial service at 7:30 p. m. An address 1
by r>r. nemphill on "The Life and Character 1
of Queen Victoria." All British and Amer-
ican members are cordially Invited to unite
!n this pervlee. All strangers ln th«» city ]
Invited. The galleries w ni be reserved for 1
I'oung men. Seat* free. !
FIRST Congregational <Tiurch. corner Post |
and Mason 6ts.— li*v. George C. Adams, D.D.,
rastor, -will preach at both services. At 11
a. m.. theme, "The Pott«r and the Clay."
At 7:30 p. ci.. theme. "A Queenly Life." All j
are cordially Invited. :
TRINITY Church, comer Bush and Gough Ms.. ]
the Rev. Frederick W. Claropett, D.D., rector ¦
—Holy Comnur.ian, S 8.. m. and 11 a. m. ; .
morning service, 11 o'clock; evening prayer, j
4 o'clock; Friday service, 11 a. m. for army i
and navy. Special service Sunday. January j
ST. 1ST1. e.t 7:45 o'clock. The rect«r will |
preach. ¦ 1
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central j
block. 223 Putter St.. between Kearny Bt. and 1
Grant ave.-— Christian Science Htble lesson at (
11 a. ra.; subject. ••Love." Sunday school for
children at tha came bour. Wednesday even-
Ing meetings at 8 o'clock. Free reading-
room, -.»¦ Kearny, room 610. Al! are welcome.
REORGANIZED Church or Jesus Christ.- _0
X J oft et.. Golden West Hall— Preaching, 11 a.
m., by A. Haws; preaching, 7:50 p. m. The
church in Oakland, Sixteenth and Mafmolia
eis.. will be dedicated at 11 a., m.. A. H.
Smith win preach. This church clal_a divine I
origin by angelic aursinlstraUon. ? All wel- j
THfi Tbeosepbical Society — Mr. C. 'vT. Lead- J
l"itT, the c.stirjr-.;;:<l-.e«l tbeosophlst and j
occultlrt, will give hi« last public lecture to- '
night at 8 o'clock in Memorial Hall. Odd .
F«Uows" building: subject, "What Theoeopry
I>oe« for Vs." Admission To cents. Second
course of lectures, part 3. Monday. January
2S: part 4, Tuesday. January 23, and part ;•,
Thursday. January 31. at 8 o'clock, in The-
osophic Hall.
THE Flr« Mental Science Temple meets at 11 !
a. m. in Golden Gate Hall. Mr. Harry Gajte. j
¦.uthor of "How to Live Forever," will lect-
ure. Seats free. -j 1
MSETiyca^suypAY. •
DR. J. A, KERGAN will deliver his noted l»c- f
ture on the "PbysioloRy of D:r«*stion an-1
Nutrition" this evening at Crystal Hall. |
FytMan Carrie, SCS Market St.. followed by i
magnificent vi«»-«-s of a visit to London. Free !
tickets will be distributed for X-ray exhlbi- ;
tion at Sanitarium nest Tuesday evening:. !
Se^ts free. No collection. j
BUDDHIST MiMlon. 807 Polk et— At 11 a. m. !
to-day Rev. K. NJphlJlma, on "Buddhistic !
Peychol<vrj-."* and S'?ter Saiighamitta on "The i
Kiphifold Path." j
A— DR. RJNES' Spiritual "Society. 909 Market: i
11 free; t-K 10c: 7 good« mediums to-day and !
eveninir: ordination and a charter given out. i
OAKLAND Forester*' Hall— Lecture and tests I
by Alice Tobias. t:30 p. m.; residence 916
Tth; circlet Tuesday. 2 p. m., Friday. 1p.m.:
MBS MAUD LORD DRAKE and Mrs. R. f». |
Lillie. Occidental Hall. 305 fcarkln;. 7:30 p. m. 1
Tepts and inspirational speaking. '
MRS. GRIFFIX'S meeting at new hall. 1151 !
Octavla et. ; lecture and tests ; welcome; ad- J
mission 10 cents. !
Urs. Btoddard'a conrincinj; tests to all circles. 1
10c; Sun.. Tues.. Thurs.; read, dally. ITS. 9th. I
KATIE HUESSMAXN'S circle to-nlKht, :5c. '
_i Russ. off Howard, near 6th; sittings daily, j
ATTEND Maw. Marquise's eeance to-nipht at 8 j
o'clock Eharp; 10c. S Hyde. nr. McAllister, j
MRS. EVAXP, 150 6th et.: read's? daily, SQc_$T; !
circles to-day. 2 — S. 10c; also to-morrow eve. !
Vr«. GHMngham. ppirtuMl test meeting. 8 p. m.. '
10c; bring sealed Questions. 30* I_rkin.. r. S3.
KARL EBERHARD'S test meeting to-night,
10c. S2S0 «d St.. bet.- Mission and Valencia,
EARLETS feance to-night. 3CS Taylor st j
AT Whitney HaJl. 1161 O'Farrell «t.: meeting
to-night; Mrs. J. J. V.'hu.ney. indium. ;
C. V. MILLER; 12 o'clock Mother Sadie seance |
and 8 p. m. seance; iOc. io«4 Bush st.
SIRS. VICARS' tert meeting: to-night; 10c; sit- ;
tmgg daily. US Sixth st.. room 32. .
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-nlrht,
005 McAllister «.; come, Fkeptlcs.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address ln the
united States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MEETINGS— Inlvermil Brotherhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Society (non-political a.nd
unsectarian). Lodge' Xo. 7, will hold its-
monthly public meeting: to-nlitht at Academy
of Sciences HslU 819 Market et.. 8 o'clock;
subject. "Can We Communicate With Mars?"
Spfakers. Dr. J. A. Anderson. Dr. A. Grif-
fiths and H. R. Leader. Mugic. All Invited.
MEETING XOTICES.
OO^M^POL?TA7rL^dKrXo~W*ri~
<¦>. O. F. — The funeral of our lat»? ;§£*i~_<^"-
brcther. C I>. HIXCKLET, will : ~£*$£S£?!~
be held on SITXDAT. Jan. 27. at <> «*f >
1:JO x>. m.. in San Leandro, under the aus-
pices of San Leandro Lo<lge . Xo. 231, I. O.
O. F. Members are requested to attend. Take
12 o'clock boat. M. J. BR1ZARD, X. G.
W. L. MEUSER, R. S.
ALTA Lod^e No. 205, I. O. O. F.— «e*aa_^
Mfiiirg MOXDAY EVENING. £5&~ S Zg&
Jan. rs. at S o'clock. Host lm-
portant business. Every mem- <?«1ftv? > '
ber earnestly requested to attend.
ALFRED VOLIGXY. Rec Sec.
FIDELITY Lod«e Xo. 222^ I. O.
O. F. — Initiation MONDAY £££<§?¦
NIGHT. January 2S. Visiting =i^<_sS?
brothers cordially invited.
W. K. WTICHHART. N. O.
C. — . 2IEGLER. R. S.
KOTTCE— St. Patrick's Day Conven- „ _— k
tlon : A convention composed of five V^wF
delegates from each or the Irish civic V A'J
and military organizations of this pf\k/»1
city and county and of the officers •»«_.
of former conventions. Including marshals",
oratore, poets and others. Is Invited to as-
semble upon SUXDAY. the 27th day of Janu-
ary, 1*01, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m.. at
Knights of the Red Branch Hall. No. 1133
Mission rt., San Francisco, for the purpose
of orgafttiatlon and to take proper etep« for
th * celebration of St- Patrick's day. March
17, 1301.
All officers of former conventions are re-
epectfully lnvrted to attend, and all Irish
civic and military organizations are earn-
estly requested to select and send five dele-
srates to «jca convention.
, THOS. F. BARRY. Pres. Conv. 1900.
CHE Callforriia Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Peter H. Russell, ln the Dad's
Gulch mine n<-«r Camptonville, Tuba Co..
to deposit tailings ln Brandy Creek; from
2^ t^, 1 **, 1 -^ U>xxl * w - CTark - ln th «
Oold HJIl placer mine, near Rackerby. Yuba
Co.. to o>no*lt tailinps ln a nivine below the
mine, and from E. C. and P. J. Rlgney. In
the Maxey mine, near Mountain Ranch Cal-
averas Co.. to deposit tailings ln O' Nell's
Creek, erlves notice that a mfrtlng will be
fceld at room H>. Flood building. San Fran-
dsco. CaL. on February n. 1S01, at 1:30 p. m.
THE rerular annual meeting of the RtockhoTd"-
ers of th» VTXIOX TRUST COMPAXY of
San Francisco will be held at the office of
the company In the Union Trust Company's
building. «*orner Montgomery. Post and Mar-
Vet *t»., San Francisco. Cal., on MONDAT
the 4th day of February, 1S01. at the haur of
2 O'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing
a board of «Ur*ctors to serre for the follow-
ing year, the amendment of the by-laws of
lh« company and the tran*actlon of such
other business as mar come before the me«t-
Ing. I._ W. HELLMAJST JR.. Secretary.-
ANNUAL meeting— Rerular annual meeting of '
the ftockhol««r» of tha Honolulu Pltntation
Company will be held at the office of ths
company. _7 Market it.. San Francisco. Cal..
on MONDAT. the «th day •£ January 1901. '•
¦t the bour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pes* of electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may come before th* i
(neeUaar. Transfer books will clo«e on Thurs-
day. January 17. 1?% at 3 o'clock p. m.
K. H. KITELDON. Secretary.
ASPHALTCM BOOFIXG,
J. P__TIER. asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. U£6 iUetlon; tel. Folsom 1607.
AGE.VTS WANTED.
THE book war: Life and Times of Queen Vic-
toria; only official, complete book; blggeet
nr.d beet; prices cut; €0 per cent profit ; 1000
*agents wanted; a million copies will be sold
•in CO days: valuable premiums free with e^ch
book; credit given; freight paid: general
agents wanted on salary;- book outfit alone
free: both book aad premium outflts prepaid
for 20c; order quick. Address sole authorized
American publishers. Monroe Book Company,
Chicago. •; - -
O. C. C. DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently reraovtnz sunerfluous hair; will
not irritate, burn nor^ poison the most delicate
ekln: personal demonstrations free: airents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. agcy.. 426 Ellis.
•AGENTS— Do you want something more profit--
able and easier to Fell than books or lnsur-.
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
AGENT In every town;* new imported house-
hold -necessity; best thins on the coast.
Address Dundee Mf£. Co., H Flood bldg.. S.F.
tViO TO $500 i>er month: men or women; salary
or commission or both. 927 Market St.. r» 615.
ADOPTION. ',;":
HEALTHY babv for adoption. MRs! DHL
Fl'XKK. 1416 Eighth gt.. Alameda. '
A nORXEYS AT LAW.^^^
ADVICE fre«; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK W. SMITH, mining and probate law a
specialty . Mills big., r. 8. 4th flr. : tel. Red 2616.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, t'27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. ?. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket Ft. : consultntion free: no fees In advance.
BATH CA1H\BTS.
THE PERFECTION bath cabinet has no equal
for la grippe, pneumonia, colds. catarrh,
rheumatism, eczema and all skin diseases.
Agency 426 Ellis St.
ELECTRIC light bath cabinets to let and for
sp.le. 15C6 Point Lobos ave.
BOARD1XG FOR CHILDREPT.
LADY with o*-n home would like 1 or 2 small
children to board ; good care. 3218 Sixteenth.
BPSiyESS CHAXCES.
PARTNER wanted in a large, old-established
profitable business, controlling a. good, safe
eolld and reliable trade: owing to retirement
of former manager owner, has decided to sell
an Interest to an acceptable party; duties
will be the keeping of accounts and assist-
ing generally ln the management of the busi-
ness; capital required $5000 to $10,000: fult
value in eight; book* and business open for
Investigation. Apply J. W. DONNELLY _
CO.. 632 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS salr^n; elegant fixtures; must ¦
sell before February 1; owner must go north;
trial given; easy terms; see this bargain.
Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market st.
TO buy. sell or exchange real estate, store or
business place call on H. (.'. DECKER. 1020
Market et. No charge for advertising.
WELL established cigar business; a fine pay-
ing proposition; sell fixtures and Invoice
ptock; buyer must have at least ISOOO to $5C00
each; a snap,
GEO. W. AtjSTIN * CO..
. . 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
A— HOTEL near Union Iron Works; big bar-
gai n: come <)ulck. COWING & CO., 719 Mkt.
A-RESTAl'RANT; north Market; with living
moms. COWINQ & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— HOME kitchen and delicacy stotv; fine lo-
cation. COWINQ & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— WANTED— A jrood tenant for grand ' corner
store and basement, with fixtures suitable for
grocery business; special inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK &. CO.. 6«7 Market st. .
?200— PARTNER wanted; light business; suited
to plain, steady man satisfied" with $18 to $23
a week; no experience required; trial given
before buying.- 9 Geary st.. room 2.
12300— BUTCHER shop; prosperous country
town; business over $1200 per month. Me- '
LAI'GHLIN & CO., 777^ Market et.
$1500— RESTAURANT: can seat 100 people- has
cleared $200 this 'month: owner compelled to
leave the city: must sell; an exceptional bar-
galn. Cal. Business Association, S65 Market.
FOR sale— Dry, fancy and men's furnishing
goods store, on Polk st.; established 20 years-
about $3000 stock; wish to retire; no agents.
Address box 1443, Call office.
J22.-W— BOARDING and lodging house, with bar
and bakery attached., including building and
lorip ground lease: pays well. Apply E. W.
.HAWKINS, 11 Montcomery st.
BAKERY and confectioners- : cheap if sold at
once, on account of sicknens: besf part of
Weteem Addition. Bo* 1372. Call offlce.
LONG-ERTABLI3HED~wi^h^^~je^elry~reI
pair shop for pale; low rent: centrally lo-
cated. Address box 140S, Call office.
PARTNER wanted: small .capital; Al propo-
sition: profits $10,000 yearly; Investigate. 24
Montgomery st.. room 8, 9 to 12 a. m. .
TO leapp— Hotel. 21 rooms, unfurnished: good
raying bar. furnished; San Rafael station
J. SHEARER. San Rafael.
FOR sale — ('heap: photo gallery. Oakland; best
location: hijrli-»rra.d«« work.' Box 37. Blake
_block. Oakland. Cal.
ESTAB. restaurant! suitable for In-
cludlng property. 514 Central ave.. nr. Hayes.
WANTED— Lady partner to start resort: land
patented; mineral springs. Box 1360. Call.
A SMALL restaurant south of Market, doing
good business; reasonable. Box 1434, Call.
FOR sale— Cheap; 2 cows., horse and wagon
and route. Box 2084. Call offlcg. Oakland.
SHOOTING gallery fnr sale. 42S Broadway.
$!<vio TO Invest, with services: particulars in
first letter. Box 1345, Call offlce.
$?ifc--PARTNER wanted; can make $130 per
month; only good, active man need apply.
California Business Ass'n. SGi. Market St..
OPPORTUNITY for the right party with
means to invest ln a business ttoat will eclipse
011 or mining. Address Personal, P. O. box
70S, San Jose, Cal-
LAUNDRY route In largest and oldest estab-
llfhed laundry ln city; $450. Address box 1323,
Call office.
FOR »ale — Fine route In Oakland: over 600
papers; price reasonable. Apply 1321 Pacific
ave., Alameda. • .
LADY with email sum of money. would like
partner to et«rt business; must have some
capital. Box 1327. Call offlce.
FOR sale— Good-paying hand .laundry, and
furnished house for rent; no dealers. Minna
ft., war Seventh. ' - '
$73 WILL buy small Junch house doing nice
business. Apply W$U Howard st. '
f.550— CAKDT store; choice location. Calf 927
Market, r. 309, 12 m. to 1 p. m., and 6 to 5:30.
MAN and wife want ranch to run. Box 13SS
Call offlce. ¦
FOR sale — An old-established laundry, com-
plete in all details; good-paying route; to be
?old on account of sickness. For further par-
ticulars apply to MRS. LOUISE SEIDEL.
1010 Florida st.. Vallejo. Cal. • . .
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sal*. Apply
Call Business Office. -"•.
GENERAL merchandise store for sale at In-
voice price for $20CO; part down, balance on
ea»y terms: 7 years established. Address
P. O. box 2, Brentwood, CaL
• ' «
AA— $400; grand opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
Wai ting-room. 22d ave. station, E. Oakland.
$30 WINS $SC0*per month, at races; references
given. Information Lyons. 821 Market r. 4.
GOOD saloon, for sale. Apply at 429 Fourth st.
COMPLETE grocer's outfit for sale. Twrnty-
fourth and Alabama sts. *
LARGE inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business offlce.
}S. r 0— CORNER saloon: sunny • living' rooms;
must be sold before February I. ¦ 564 Fourth.
$300— HALF interest In Job printing offlce; long
established; plenty work. 402 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH, offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia Ft.
-ODGISC-HOrSES FOR SALE.
SAMPLES- -Call for list. Money loaned.
€2 rooms; Bush: rent $155; price. „. $3000
r.S room*; Powell: rent 300; price S100
40 rooms; Ellis; . rent 250; price.... 6000
37 rooms; Powell; rent 175; price.,.. 1900-
.17 rooms; Van Ness; rent 90; price.... 1600
12 rooms; Mason; rent 38; price....- 825
7 room*: Hyde; . rent 23: price 350
42 rooms: beet paying location In the city: al-
ways full; Vx cash, balance at I per cent; $4000.
I./Klglns-houpe wanted ' for good as new all
modern home, 3 blocks from steam * electric.
Ana houses all 1«^cations, sizes and prices
• Restaurant for Bale or cxc. for ldg-house.
A. L. WILLEY. 918 Mkt.. phone Black 5215.
60 ROOMS; newly furnished: rent $150..... .$3000
37 rooms; money-maker;, near Market...-. 1900
*» rooms; Van Ness; finely furn. ; extra.. 950
15 rooms; Leavenworth; rent $57 60 SOO
10 rooms, $450: 10 rooms, quick. ..'. S50
FISHER _ CO.. 1032 Market st. •
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
2S-ROOM house, clearing J150
• •¦¦--,-.. pe r month. ¦ Price "only $1450.
86-room house, near O'FarreU and Powell;
Price only flSOO.
18-room house: cleans J100; -price... tlw
36-room house; fc clears $100; Pine St.. ..' $S50
16 rooms: north of Market St...'.: .'.-. 750
fiO-room boarding-house; clears $300 ,... &W0
10-room flat: downtown....; 500
14 rooms; on Mission St.. 500
B0 rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2600
18 rooms; on Third Ft '600
48 rooms; fine corner: clears $200 3500
24 rooms; en Geary St.: clears $150..... 1900
28 rooms; on Kearny st.; clears $l60....... 1600
.33 rooms: on Market st. ..*1400
12 rooms; clears ?75 ; ....450
BOO others— Prices from $100 to $25,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWRST RATES,
H. C. DECKER. 1C20 Market; phone Mint 796.
LODGING-HOUSE owners— I have a number of
10 to 15 room houses and cash to exchange for
houses of 25 to 50 rooms.
Also 25 acres; fruit land, rir. Santa Rosa;
. ..'.......,• price $2500
A stock -of- general .merchandise. ...'.price $1000
A choice building lot, S. JF price $600
2 good building lots, Oakland ....price $800
Any of the above to exchange for lodging-
houses.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market St.. bet. 5th & 6th.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, notice! I have
largest list of lodging-houses and hotels; can
fuit all buyers; employ 5 persons who are
dally adding new houses to list: title given
with each house sold;: money loaned buyera:
no fake prices; value given for your money;
before buying call and be convinced.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Rooms 1-2. 917 Market St.. tel. Mint 1911.
MARION GRIFFIN. MONEY TO LOAnI
719 Market: near Call bldg.: tel. Black 1SC3.
10 rooms, rent $35; income $80 $400
14 rms..cor.G.G.ave.. rent $40; resppctable COO
15 riii.. cor.; r*>nt fo3. income $130, 1 floor;
$o00 down and 1 per cent Interest on b. SOO
-.3 rooms, rent $40. income $116 : 700
17 rooms, velvet carpets; oak and cherry;
respectable: clears $174month; snap.
40. rooms;, rent fl»: a bonanza ... 1600
50 rooms; fine as silk; clears $1?5 3000
A new house of 65 rooms full of roomers,
nrw furniture and fine carpets 7000
WINSTON _ AVOLF. 1026 Market si.
Mint 1591
47 rooms; Al location: part cash $2700.
. 60 rooms; north of Market 2700
26 rooms; sunny corner '. 2100
31 rooms: worth $2500; reduced, to 1300
20 rooms; corner (new); rent $65... ¦ 1300
WINDSOR HOTEL
By order from court we are authorized to sell
the Windsor Hotel, corner Market ami Fifth
sts.. San Francisco., to the highest and best
bidder; contains 165 rooms: rent $500; long
Ira?e: fine business; nicely furnished. DAVIS
__*_RI_VES._Columbian bldg.. 016 Market st.
ANDREW PRICE & Co7.~30~K>arny stTrooni
6— Big bargain ll«t in offlce; money loaned;
clear title; houses all full.
ANDREW PRICE & CO., 30 Kearny st.. rm. 6.
CALL and see our list of .bargains in houses:'!
we have them In anv part of the dry and at
nny price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, '.S
Fixth st.
PAYING rooming-house. 32 rooms. located 4»t
1122 Market St.; will Fell cheap before Febnif
«ry 1. Call and see proprietor at once.
FOR sale — A 11-room house, well furnished:
piano: first-class location; good paying house;
price $1000. Box 1317. Call offlce. ¦
WANTED— To buy or to tak~charge of It:
Lodging or boarding house, with 50 to 100
rooms. T!ox 1369. Call offlce.
A 14-ROOM lod<tinsj-hoiis>e: beautiful location; I
rent $45. water free; price $650. 145S Sacra-
mento st.' • .
NINF-ROOM house: all full; cheap: cause, poor
health. 2J5 Stevenson st.. near Third.
CHEAPEST and "best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th»
T'nited. FtntP* or Panada w? year- for $1. i
SPIRITUALISM. 1
MRS. DR. FARNHAM. world-r»nowned~spirlU
ual medium: advice in all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths: unites the separated;
mining .a specialty: cirs. Sun., Wed., Fri. ev's.'
Come and-be eonvineod. Permanently located.
618 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign.
MRS. WEgT, wonderful medium and healer;
readings daily. 10 to 10. 11C4 Market, room 14.
MRS. J, J. WHITNEvT^tranceTljus. medium?
life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
MRS. LESTER— Readings 50c: circle every eve.
ex. Hat.. 10c; devel. circle Wed. eve. 222 Turk.
MME. MAJORS, gifted pplritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 3K McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; Fittings daily; tests to nil to-night: 10c.
EARLE, 305 Taylor St.. comer Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
C. Mayo-Steers, 112 1,4 Oak, trance Medium ;
readings $l; hours 1-5 p. m.: tel. Howard 527.
MRS. BROWN, spiritual medium and card
reader: 2.'c up. 103 Fifth st.. room 2.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ISMAR. THE GYPSY. ' j
ISMAR. the Ecypttan Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand ln hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess is possible were It not for a lack of fore- I
sight into the future. If you are ln trouble of
any kind, discontented. Onhanpy or not satis-
fied In life, consult ISMAR, for she is a proph-
etess of world-wide fame and her name- has be-
come a proverb in thousands of homes mad?
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR caji be
consulted dally from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sun-
days by appointment only, at her offlce, 1148
Market St., orp Sixth. By mail three qiies- -
tlons answered. $1. Full llf> reading. $.".
MME. M. P.ERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Business Medium.
Is permanently located at' 17 Third St.. next
Examiner building. She reads your life cor-
; rectly, gives an accurate description of the
! past, reveals the present happenings and por-
trays events to occur in the future. If you I
aie in trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
satisfied In life, or have domestic, love or busi-
ness troubles, consult this great raediurn and
you will be told, how to overcome them.
Valuable advice In all affairs of life.
Full life reading by ninil; write for Informa-
tion; 25c up; verfect- Satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. ¦
215 KEARNY ST., ROOMS 8-10.
Late of Tjos Angeles.
MRS. DUVAL Is a natural born clairvoyant
and business medium. She tells your past,
present and future life, .diagnoses diseases,
cures deafness, etc. If there are obstacles In
the path of your life sha can tell you how
to overcome them an-1 how to avoid them.
MBS. DUVAL has practiced successfully In
Los Angeles for the po-st nine years for all
the principal business people, as well as tho«<e
In the highest society, and still has patrons
there, to whom she will continue to give h<*r
valuable advice.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the w-11-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner of Golden Gate ave,, rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perrect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall: send stamp for pam-
phlet with speclat terms. Dally and Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
lst; 15 years' experience: her knowledge of the
unseen forces is Invaluable to professional
• nd business men, to wives and lovers: follow
her advice and you will make no mistake
1104 Market St., corner Mason, room -28: '
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second- sight -
. dlagnows disease with life reading; ladies SOc'
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. ¦ 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy., clairvoyant ana
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
€th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. rn.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader:
free tents 25c up. 472 Stevenson, cor. Sixth.
CATHERINE DEAN wonderful life «nd~cHrd
reader. .989 Howard St., cor. 6th, offlce 23.
MRS.VALEEN, palmist, clairvoyant, card read-
er and magnetic healer.. S15 I^eavenworth st.
KNDOLIA. psychic card reHdeT and healer-
hours. 12 to S p. m.. 420 Eddy st. ller>
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant, business me-
dium; mining ft specialty. 215 Kearny, r. S-w.
M . M t?.\,.,l C 2 I n KF^E',, c ! a| rvoy an t. card reader;
fittings dally. 44SK Jessie st. . •
MRS. Meivill, well-known clairvoyant, : water
reader. 11. 6th ;Germant.poken; tel.Howard 1846.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus- '
band s picture, 2ac; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
SS^^UOTSW clalrvcyant. card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 2Bc.' 1149 Mifslon.
M^J RAVENI *A reads life fluently: business
. ndvice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Bt. .
CHIROPODISTS. /
C vr'^ S ' bu , n! , ons . : ingrown nails, warts, chll-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Butter.
POTTAGES TO LET. ~~
PIERCE, zsii, ne^r~Unlo^ and. Flllmore sT
SStT^i??^'! mo 2 ern -.fine attic
rooms, bath, laundry; large basement: yard;
partly furnished if desired?. . ™^' '
COTTAGES 4 rooms, .large yard, rent $9. - Ap-
Ply IMP Florida St.. cor. Twenty-flfthT . '
, SUNNY cottage, ..six rooms and bath;- yard
; and basement; half a bjock .from Geary-st.
cars; rent $14. 19 v Johnston ave.. Richmond.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 3833-Cottage. ot 8 ; . rooms-
large yard; rent $8. - • ¦ - - -,
W— HOUSE- 4 run. ; worth $24 in city: nr. Holly
Park; water free.;' Apply 64 Silver St.. off 3d.'
»V NNT i new ly painted : cottage 4 rooms, i
,. 23 Rlngold St.. near Eighth and Folsom. -. ' j;
EMPLOYMENT WANTED--FEMALE.
¦VN-ANTEI>— By capable ' woman, work . by the
day. Call or address 1321 Rhode Island St..
between Twenty-fourth and ; Twgnty-flf tn. .
LADY wishes position as housekeeper or sew-
ing and mending et home. . 150 Fourth St.
DRESSMAKER ¦ and seamstress, good "atter,
sews for 50c a day. M. ~M.. box 1362, C/Ul. .
WANTED, by a good dressmaker, sewing ln
families; $1 25 per day; good, quick work.
.2509 Mission »t., rear. ¦ -
.WOMAN would like work by the day sweeping
and small wash. Address M. A., 1096 Va-
¦ lencla ; st. .
GERMAN woman, .first-class cook, wants sit-
uation In American or German family; flrst-
class reference. | 1022 Larkln ft. .
A~ LADY wishes a' situation for laundry and
upstains work. Apply at 22Q7VJ Pine st.
EXPERIENCED manicure and hairdresser
wishes position tn flrst-claas establishment.
Box 1431. Call office:
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation as
chambermaid; work or go oat by the day.
Call or address 602 Howard st. ¦ ' •
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing
or ironing. 19 Stevenson avel, near Valen-
cia st. . . ¦
FULTON-,. 308— Lfldles' tailor, first-class cutter
and fitter, wants work by the day ln fam-
ily; city; references; terms reasonable.
YOUNG lady of refinement and capability
would like a position as housekeeper. Box
2PS2. Call office, Oakland^^ '
REFINEp American lady wants working
housekeeper's position. Call or address for
one week MRS. M. L. N., 627 Fulton St.. city.
YOUNG lady,, 3 years' experience, desires situ-
ation as stenographer and typewriter; also
acquainted with bookkeeping; references. -A.
M.. care ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway, Oak-
Und. ____________________
EXPERIENCED woman would like work ln
restaurant, boarding house or lunch house
to work from 9 to 3. -wait or assist In kitchen.
Call or address 260 First St.. upstairs. .
YOUNG lady, French teacher, desires position
as visiting governess or teaching; experience;
references. "Box 1340. Call offlce. '
YOUNG woman wants situation ln American
family; wages $25. 115 Olive ave.. bet. Van
Ness ave. and Polk Bt:
AN Eastern, woman wishes position as man-
aging or working housekeeper; city or coun-
try; children preferred. 7 Grant ave.
GERMAN woman would like work by the
day. Address German Woman, Call branch
office. 300 Hayes ut.
GIRL wants to do housework. 809 Thirteenth
street. . .
YOUNG elrl wishes employment to assist at
housework. Call at 408 Minna Bt .
GERMAN woman wishes situation as working
housekeeper. Box 1403, Call. ¦ . -
WELL, educated business woman will assist
with general offlce work a part of each day
in return for desk room and use of typewriter.
Box 1338, Call office^ .
DRESSMAKER wishc* more engagements;
city or country; $1 DO 'per day. Address Z..
box 1337. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 2ac to $1 60 night, %l SO to 16
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
¦ and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
rubscrlpttons has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
ENGINEER and all round mechanic and elec-
trician, No. 1 city and -country references,
would Jlke position ln healthy locality; saw-
mill, mines or country town preferred. Ad-
dress E. B. H., 1124 Thirteenth ave.. East
Oakland. .
SITUATION by steady, sober man as foreman
. on ranch or willing tc do any kind of work;
; handy with all kinds of tools; first-class ref-
erences. Address GEO. BURROWS, 417
Kearny St., city.
MAN of business exoerlence would like posi-
tion as offlce- assistant, bill clerk or porter;
Epcaks German; wagts reasonable; alao un-
derstands* machinery. Box 1409, Call offlce,
YOUNG man with 6 years' experience ln busy
office desires ' jKJsltlon, or will accept any
other kind of work. Box 1411, Call office.
AS nurse or attendant to physically or other-
wise aflllcted gentleman by experienced Ger-
man; knows massace; has traveled exten-
sively. Address H., 562 Minna st.
GARDENER, German, wishes situation pri-
vate place: understands greenhouse, orchard,
vegetables; references. Address box 1429,
Call offlc.
: •
YOUNG reliable ' bartender wishes situation:
highest reference; city or country. * Address
W. L. P.. $46 Larkln *t.. flat D.
ADVERTISING man; young man, bright, -up
to date and experienced; open for position:
• Mi-Bt-clasB house only.' Address A. II.. box
1433, Call offlce.
CARPENTER; good bench hand: wants steady
Job; company or Institute preferred: wages
reasonable: good refs. Box 1425. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED good hotel waiter desires
steady position. Address HENRY KIEHL,
New Atlantic Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave.
GOOD all-round house painter wants steady
work; country preferred. Box 1407, Call.
DRUGGIST; thoroughly qualified; registered;
bef-t referenc«s. Box 14C6. Call office.
GENERAL offlce man;, expert typewriter; ex-
cellent references. Box 1373, Call, offlce.
WANTED — Position by first-class solicitor in
I any line; ability and experience; best of ref-
1 erences. Address P. O. box 22, Fresno, Cal.
YOUNG man f German) would like position as
bartender; city or country. Box 1419, Call.
HONEST, reliable German wants a position
as driver. Bex 1361, Call offlce.
WAN 1 ED — Bv a man. a position as dlshwashe'r
or helper in kitchen. 706 Larkln' st.
SOBER, steady middle-aged man wants a sit-
uaUon as dishwasher •¦ or kitchen hand in
small hotel or restaurant. Address box 132S,
Call offlce. ' -
UPHOLSTERER and carpet layer wants posi-
tion ln a hotel; references for first-class work;
small wages. S. JENSEN. 911 Bush at.
ENGINEER wants situation to run gasoline en-
glne. Box 1303. Call. . '
WANTED— Position as salesman and bookkeep-.
erin gen. mdse. store in country by reliable
American; single; 30 yrs. age;. 12 yrs. expen-
• ence; good refs. Address L. F.. box 1223. Call.
YOUNG married man. email business, deslrss
position In wholesale cisar, jrrocery or sta-
tionery house. Address box C, Call branch,
SOO Hayes st. . . - ' ' '
CARPENTER, good workman, who is also a"
practical house painter and glazier, wants
work on ranch or country place;. single; mid-
dle-aged and of steady habits; has good out-
fit of tools; price moderate. Box 1349, Call
Offlce. . . . -....-¦ -
SITUATION wanted by a first-class German
gardener; ffood propagator *-~i can take care
of horses. Address Gap* _:..' box 1268. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. T200 Finmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 1006
• Valencia -Ktr<>«t.
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather plllown cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may addresa
FEATHER FACTORY. ?44 RtevenFon «t.
FLATS TO LET. . '
TOMet— New | flats on Buchanan St., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.; 5 and 8
rooms and bath: all the latest Improvements.
Apply G. H. TJMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let— Lower flat of. 4 rooms; rent JI0. 1002
McAllU'ter st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN _ .CO..
14 Montgomery st. ¦ '
A— 5-ROOM flaf for rent;, price $10.* 37 Xorfolk
St.; between. Eleventh and Twelfth. ¦
FLAT of 8 rooms and bath; rent $24. 1K0
' Hayes St., near panhandle.
NKWLY: renovated upper sunny flat, S rooms,
bath, garden, etc.: $20. S2S Lombard'st.'
NEW flat, 4 large Bunny rooms; water free. 22
' Sumner at., off Howard, near Eighth.
BUSH, 1209%— Flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. Apply
1213 Bush st. . basement, up ' garden.
MODERN, flat; 8 rooms, bath; good order. . 1123
• Howard St.. near Seventh. . .;
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
SACRAMENTO. .1365— 2 bay-window flats of 3
V; rooms ;.ga»; rants $12 50 and $7. : . .,
$10r-COTT.AGE of three sunny rooms.. 134 Rose
¦¦ ave. ; 1V4 1 blocks from Market St.. ¦ bet Gough
¦ and Octavla. v . ! -. ¦ ¦. - ¦
$14— SUNNY flat, 5 large rooms; ¦ bath; gas-
large yard. 3520 Nineteenth Bt.. between Noe
; and -Sanchez. • >
?9 50— SUNNT flat. 4 rooms. 1J9 Ivy ave. cor-
• ner Van . Ness, : near ' Hayes . st. . ' r
iiJTFo, $10—283 SHIPLEY, near SIxth-Flata ot
5 rooms, bath,- gas;; sunny. _ -
4-ROOM lower flat, $?..: 339 Harriet Bt., bet.
Sixth and Seventh, Bryant and Brannan,,, „
S LARGE sunny rooms ;: rent $7. 80 Silver Bt-
_. * , ¦:, COTTAGES WANTOD^^^
WILL: pay spot cash for small house or cot-
tage: state ful> particulars;- what you have
and lowr-st cash price: no agents. Box 1422,
Call offlce. '
COTTAGE or small flat wanted: bachelor. Box
132S. Call />fflce. __________——.
CARPET BEATING A>D CLEANING.
WHEN you "become- disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDiNG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 353-337 Tehama st. : tel. South 4a
CAPvPETfi cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st.; tel/ Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCH ELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter Ft.;
tel. Main 314: GEO. WAI/COM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpot-BeaTlng Works.' 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES^
GEORGE W. KELLY'sTsency-Nrf charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
_^__ . dentists! '
AT the ELKCTRO^IDENTAL ~C^lsicT»apMa^-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.; you can
have your extractions done' painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
. ,?3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to Id p.. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
P. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A-DISCOyNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for years; crowns. *S 60; fillings. 50c; plates,
?5, full get; nil work painless and warranted.
Chicago Df-ntal Parlor?. 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no ntudenls; advice free; prices
ch*»ape(=t and guaranteed; lady- attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
THE New York Dent;*ts have moved to . 963
Mission Ft., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate, work solicited;
positive painless extraction. COc.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlnpr building; formerly ln Murphy bldg.
A. L. SIMPSON, D. D. S., 120ti Market »t.— Ex-
pert tooth extractor: crown and brldgewqrk.
VAN VROOM— "Palnlfts" : evenings and Sun-
c'ays. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H., G.
YOTTNO. 1S41 Polk st. .
EDUCATIONAL.
F.VKXING SCHOOlT^K. COL^
I -LEGE. 1236 Market st.;. individual instruction
in' bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
,ALL students but. two taking full course this
3 ear got poMtion«s. SAN FRANCISCO .BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market St.
AYRES 1 Business College, 723 Market st.-Day
and evening: $S per' month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our (students
during the past 3 months: catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
I ¦ Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand.; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping., full course, $o0: catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F. ~- Bookkeeping, Fhorthand, typing, lan-
guagep, telegraphy,, English branches, c.ivll,
electrical, and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 60-page catalogue free.
I CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posU
tions .guaranteed, to it by wrlttpn contract,
end can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all its graduates. 305 Larkln Et.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
coHeRes: reference?. President Jordan or any
Ftanford professor. Phelan building.
MATHEMATICS, languages, preparation for
college and civil service; backward pupils
successfully taught: large experience; creden-
tlals. Box 135S. -Call offlce.
APPLICANTS prepared for civil eervlee exam-
inations: French and German spoken. E.
VON HABERKORN, 305 Larkln; studio OS.
BOOKKEEPING or \horthand; Pitman sys-
tem; private lessons by an experienced teach-
er. M- W. CORNELL, 126 Kearny St., r. 63.
A SPECIALTY—Perfectlng beginners; business
college graduate?; bookkeeping- figures: short
time. TARR. exp. accrt.. 220 Parrott bldg..
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.: est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN.. SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lesnonn by mall: acknowledged by official re-
r*>rt>rs b?st teacher. b«>t system. 302 Montgy.
SUPERIOR violin, sithrr. guitar, banjo, mando-
| 11 n lesson?, 50c. W. P. Chambers, 204 Sutter.
ARTIST will give private instruction in illus-
trating. Box 1363, Call office.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prae-
tlce. Merki. reliable teacher. IOCS Mission st.
FRENCH, S'panish. etc. Prtvf.DeFillppe'nAcademy
get languages, 3:0 Post ;estab'dlS71; ablest profs.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. TyplnK,l5ookiceei>
Ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. K. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
ftc. ; day or eve. ; Ji mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
ELOCUTION, physical training, voice culture
for speech. Calhoun's School. 625 Sutter nt.'
DB E S3 MAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MADAM KLOSE, French modieje, just ar-
rived from the East, has opened first-class
dressmaking parlors at 1019 Market St., room
25; tako elevator.
KJIPLOVMENT. OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co.;est
l$"0; practical recommend: try them; removed
to 413 Devlcadero; tel. Fell J33. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house sen-ants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese ! employment office;
best hHp. SZ6 O'Farrell Bt.'. tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flcer all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce: Chinese. Japan-
eff help fur. 344 California; phone .lames 2G01.
ORPHKUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
neBP help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment - Offlce —
¦ Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
I5MPI,OVMK!VT \VA\TED. — FEMALE.
SITUATION wanted by a good reliable coun-
try girl to do light housework; or take care
of .children;., wages $10. Inquire at Ahlbom
I Houep. corner of Orant ave. and Bush st.
Call for KENA JOHNSON.
REFINED young* lady studying music would
like to devote afternoons to some lady as
companion. 1 Address 'ISO!*- Larkln st. ; at home
mornings. ' ¦
EXPERIENCED stenographer and bookkeeper;
salary to commence $55; good references. Box
1416. Call ofnee. . ¦
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter wishes to do
p.mall amount of worU.in exchange for offlce
room and. use of typewriter.- Box 1413, Call.
DRESSMAKER from the Easl wifhes wgrltbv
the day; tailor-made suits a specialty. 1532
Polk st. . -.. . ¦ ' '. ;
COMPETENT young lady desires position as
bookkeeper, stenographer or cashier; experi-
• enced. Box 1410, Call, of flee. . - :
AMERICAN mlddl#-ageri woman with girl of
12- yenra wishes a plare as working hquse-
I : keeper or cook' on a ranch. 14 Pearl St.
PROTESTANT woman with 2 young children
.''.wishes working housekeeper's position; home
more an object than wages. C37 Howard st,
room 3. . -, -
YOUNG .Swedish girl wishes situation- to care
for chlldrpn or ns lady's nurse; best of ref-
•erences. 1657 Mission . st. '¦..-.¦
COMPETENT GermaiTwIshes position in email
family; light housework;, no children; no
washing; good references; wages $15 to $20.
Box »35. Call oftlcc. ' ¦ M
GERMAN Woman wishes to have work by. the
. day: washing, ironing or ¦' housecleanlng.
Please call 1331 Pacific st., downstairs.- '. y
STRONG woman wants work by the day.
washinsr. cleaning, etc ; wages $1. Apply at
-'. 212 Clam : Bt.,~ rear.-.-- -.7 ' ' \ *'."•¦•'-
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes 'a si tua tion ;
gdod" housekeeper and good- cook; nice home
.-In preference', to high - wages.: 363 Minna St.;
no postals:- "only car fare'. •¦ • _________;
WANTED— Respectable lady, wishes position
: na .. housekeeper ;: foe elderly gentleman. 620
. ' Bush . Bt. .'-. ' . .- ';•'. ''. ' - '. :";' .¦.:¦:¦"¦" '¦¦¦'. ¦ ¦'.''-."?
SITUATION . wanted by - middle-aged , German
woman ; . Is good ' cook ; : also a small wash , la
small lamily; wages J15. 746 Mission st. », v? s.
WOMAN -«-ishes work by the day. washing or
assint with homework; %1 and car fare. J57
. Fourth/ «t. door, to left. •¦- <vj : ' - ¦•:".
FIRST-CLASS \ dreseroaker f. wishes ' work at
home. Address 943 Sutter st. ; telephone Lar-
: kin '962. .: '-¦¦.,:-¦¦:..•..;¦-..¦,- . .-. -, ::, . 1-'
A PROTESTANT 1 woman wishes housework . to
t > do; gocd housekeeper; plain cook;«h<>me'prl-
: vlleges wanted ; answer.; gU'lng full partlcu- ;
: lars. , Box 1145, Call offlce.';: -..iv ; .; ¦<¦¦¦¦¦ 1
FLATS TO UBT—^FPHNISHEP.
NEWLY furnished flat; . responsible parties
only. Call 1 to 5 p. rn.. «7 Hayes St.. near
Flllmore. - . . ¦::¦
\furxiture for sale.
rareTchanck. - -
BiiEtfid new" and elegant furnishings of mod-
ern 7-room flat for sale at a bargain; sun all
day: centrally located: rent of flat $30; all
¦ cash not required if responsible.- Inquire. Gil-
bert & Moore Stor. Co.. Murphy big. 1236/Mkt.
SUNNT 5-room flat 'completely furnished; fine
furniture and carp^V t0 D ' 80ld reasonable.
Call 11 to 3. 1411 Mason st.
« ROOMS furnished in oak »48 40. with No. I
range. King Furniture Co.. U27-I131 Market.
NICELY furfnlshed corner house of 6 sunny
rooms: all rented; a bargain. »74 Howard-
FUIIXITURE WASTED..
Auctloneer-LTvln7eluri305'Larkln: tel. Polk 634;.
furniture &¦ furn'd houses bought: spot caih.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets.
etc., see W- K. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3«o3.
CHAS. LEVY.' buys your furniture, cargns.
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. : tel. Jessie 761.
a7~WOI«LPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays hi gheM
price for secopd-hand furniture: tel. E*d 13j4.
PAS EXGI.VES.
NOTICE to gas engine buyers— The J. von Ser-
key combination gas engine is the latest in-
vention; It Is the- best and cheapest; It is self-
starting under full load and reverse without
cluthches or gearing; Is noiseless and is very
economizing and simple. • 108 Main st.. Ban
Francisco, Cal. Price $40 per corse power for
medium sizes. -f
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
AT a R. HANSEN* & CO.' S..Phon» Grant 1S5
..: HOTEL DEPARTMENT,
6 more waitresses, Los Angeles, $30.
2 more waitresses. Los Angeles, rate fare.
2 .waitresses. Arizona, $20 and free fare.
6 waitresses, different commercial hotel*.
$20, free fare: k«»\ ¦
10 waitresses, city, $20.
6 chambermaids, to- wait.
Cook, country, $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..•••
German chambermaid. $25: German chamber-
maid and waitress and care of children. $-0:
cook, choice place, phort. distance in coun-
try, $25, far© here; house girl, very choice
place, good home. $25, short distance in
country: working housekeeper for small fam-
ily, $20: house girl, second girls, •others. ¦¦
C. R. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary St.
YOUNG nurse girl for two children; references.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
PRACTICAL Millinery School; established 12
yrs.; trade taught; class now forming; terms
Opasy; references given. 1107 Van Ness ave.
WANTED— Girl to dci light housework and take
care of four-year-old child; sleep home. 31
Eleventh st.
WANTED— A reliable, earnest woman about
$30. Box 1423. Call. ?
GIRLB to sew on belts: ' also- > corder. 12S1
Broadway, flat F. MRS. VEIR3. .
WANTED- Middle-aged woman to do .light
housework. Call to-day. 2317- Howard st.
OPERATORS on waists. NEWBAUER BROS.,
1? First st. -
WASTED- Hairdressers and apprentices at
GOLDSTEIN & COHX'S. £23 Market St. ]
A YOUNG girl for light housework and assist
with baby: $12 to $15. Call 8 to 12 o'clock.
2042 O'FarreU Et. _J ¦
GIRL about 15 assist light housework; good
home; $8. SS06 Seventeenth, st.
YOUNG girl to assist; rood home; small
wages. 1201 Treat ave. '
YOUNG girl to assist with children. Call Mon-
day, 2710 California st.
WANTED— Ladies to copy letters at hom«.
everywhere; pleasant work; good pay; full
particulars, terms, etc.; reply with stamp.
THE CUTLER CO., Dept. 12, Chicago, I1L
A NEAT young girl for housework. 710 Hyde
street.
:
YOUNG lady to pose for portrait; state age and
pay expected. Address box 1405. Call office.
i GOOD shirt operator as examiner at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S Factory, corner Fifth and
, Broadwa". Oakland.
WAKTED-Toung girl to assist light house-
¦ work; plain cooking: small family; good home
: to right person; $10; advance; Box 1427, Call.
NEAT colored girl assist in light houspwork;
two In family; wages $10. 1310 Page st.
. — _^ — — — ¦
! WANTED— Coat finisher. 24 Hayes st.
GIRL apprentice, about 14 years of age, to
; learn ladies' tailoring. Apply Monday. 1S21
Polk st.
WANTED — Experienced salesladtes for gloves
and suit and cloak departments; state ex-
| > perlence. Box 1&5, Call offlce.
WANTED— Young . girl to assist with house-
work. 2829 Bu.«h st.
WANTED— Young girl; light housework; sleep
I home; $3. Call Monday at 1423 Webster st.
WANTED— A good German girl for upstairs
work and attending " children; good wages.
Call at 3601 Clay st. .
EXPERIENCED finisher; rustom coats. Call
10 to 12 a. m. to-day at 923H Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED finisher; custom coats. Call
at 823H Folsom St." '
YOUNG lady wants roommate; saleslady pre-
ferred. Box 1432, Call office.
SALESLADY In general merchandise stor* on
Misplon at. Box H4S, Call offlce.
DISHWASHER wanted. Apply at 230 Doug-
lass st., between Eighteenth and Nineteenth;
wa gen $15.
A WOMAN with references to do housework:
wages $10. Call to-day at 312 Sanchez St.
WANTED-Coropetent girl for general light
housework: small family: wages $20. Cal!
Monday. 2515 Broadway, near Scott St.
GIRL for general housework and cooking: $20.
¦ 1536 Ninth St.. Alameda.
McDOWBLL Dressmaking and Millinery School
The oldest and only established school on
the coast. The leading system competent
instructors, cutting, fitting and finishing
thoroughly taught: designing a specialty:
French millinery added to our course; now Is
the time to prepare for spring 1 work. A lea-.
con in featherbohe frea to those entertrig.be-
fcre ¥*eb. 1. Patterns cut AicDOW ELL'S.
1013 Market St.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
A FEW experienced operators, and also gins
for instruction at the Standard. Shirt Fac-
tory, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
SETVVTNO machine operator* wanted at Levt
Ptraues * Co."« overall factory. 32% Fremont
st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.^
WANTED — Courteous woman of good Judg-
ment and Intelligence for permanent Oakland
business; refs. Box 20S1, Call. Oakland.
GIRL for general housework, no cooking, no
dishwashing, J20. 1562 Post St.
OPERATORS on electrlo power sewing nfa-
chiner on shirts and overalls at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL - MICHAELS. 631 Mission.
MACHINE operators wanted at Busby's Glove
Factory. 207 Sacramento st.
W ANTED— Neat young girl: light housekeep-
ing; good home; $12. 403S Seventeenth st.
CLASSIFIED advertisement? and subscriptions
' received at Ca'.l branchofflce. 2200 Fl.'lmore et.
A BRANCH, office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Vslencia st.
HELP WA XTE D MA _eT^
AT C. IVHANPEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
:. HOTEL, DF.PAETMENT /..
Head cook, country hotel. $75, fare advanced;
cook, country hot»t. $-"A fare advanced;
broiler, hotpl, J50: hotel butcTier, $35; 2 wait-
ers, country hotels, $25 and $30; polisher and
starchor, country, $35
English couple for private place, man coach-
man, wife cook; colored couple for private-
• family-. $40: man and wife, private place. $33.
see -party here; harnessmaker, railroad
camp, $2 a 'day." free faro; engineer for dred-
ger, $2 ,V> a day;' farmer n*ar city. $30. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
A— YOUNG man as assistant clerk must be
a stenographer and typewriter, $30 and ln-
creaap.. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary «.
A— SPECIAL— TO-DAT— 8UNDAT ...'.
Machine blacksmith for a large company....
,.;...."....'...:,.... ......'. $3 50 per day
Apply to-day (Sunday) 10 a. m.' MURRAY
& READY., 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— Cook for Central America, $50 per
month; German or American, understanding
French kitchen; free transportation. A. P.
I.;RAGO & CO.. 24 Montgomery ave.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union —
Free employment : only recognised union.- 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I.- LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H.-Bernart1..Sec.,' 104 "th: tel. Jessie 165.
SALESMEN— To sell , Imported and domestic
liquors, principally fine whiskies and blen<3:
case and barrel goods;, to Jobbers and saloon-
trade; good chance- to. the right man: salarv
or commission- R. S. STRADER & SON, W
. and Tl R' .Water et., Lexington, Ky. *
WAITER '. and - waitress . wanted ln small res-
taurant. Call Sunday early, 963 Howard st.
HELP WAJfTED—rMAIiB.
GOVETRN31ENT positions: thousands appoint-
ments made from civil service examination*
held March and April; catalogue free. Co-
. lumblan Correspondence College. Washington.
KNGINEKRS. firemen, machinists and elec-
tricians — New 40-paye. pamphlet of questions
asked- by examining board of engineers: free.
G. A. ZELLER. publisher, St. Louis. Mo.
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, «tc: tre«t
• scholarship In engineering; awarded to - few
well recommended applicants. American,
School of Correspondence. Boston. Mass.
BOY 16 to IS years old to clean windows and
ran errands la jewelry store: must work:
.evenings also; wages $". Atldress box 14-i.
Call offlce.
SHOW us that yon are a successful solicitor
and w« will pay you salary and commiAtilon.
HALLOCK & CONXOLY, 433 Parrott build-
lng.
ADVERTISING solicitor wanted; salary or
commission. Apply Wasp offlce, 513 Market.
WANTED — Gardener, must bo experienced and
g-enerally useful : references required. In-
quire 436 CFairell st.
OFFICE boy. 12 to 15 years old. ln wholesale
house; hours 7 to S. Address box 1438. Ca'.l.
BOY wanted to carry a morning paper route.
Box 1413, Call office.
SOBER, reliable, practical bedmaker; JC3 and
room; 7 a. m. New Adelaide House. «u
Howaard st.
GOOD coatmaker for country: steady work:
good wages. P. GREEX.BERG & CO.. Flood
building, room 23.
$150— STEADY man for partner ln corner sa-
loon. Particulars 247 Fifth St.; cigar store.
WANTED— Porter; experienced In handlin?
fish and olives. Call to st* Mr. WHITNEY.
432 Pine st.. Monday morning.
$T3 — PARTNER wanted in small restaurant
clearing $C0 a month. 418 Fourth *t.
WANTEr>-Two good cutoff sawyer* for box
factory, city. Box 1446, Call offlce.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. lOo. 13o and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
WAKTED-An experienced man to drive mtlk,
wagon, lies Devtsadero st.
WANTED— Man or woman dishwasher. r*»-
taurant {IS a month'. 165 Fourth st.
BRIGHT, strong boy. Apply 8 a. m. at BAUER
BROS. & CO.. tl Sanaome st.
WANTED— Boys bet. a*res of 15 and 13 to loin
a newly organized bugle corps. For particu-
lara apply 1524 Sacramento St.. city.
WANTED— Man, upright character, to manage
business old-established house; $13 'a week &
expenses, payable wkly from headquarters:
expense money advanced: permanent; ref.
Standard House. 304 Caxton bldg;. Chicago.
WANTED— A man and wlf« without children
to work on a small fruit farm; 30 miles from
Ean Francisco: wifs to cook, man to work
on place; good home; parties must fumlsti
' ' references. Box 2080, Call offlce, Oakland.
A FEW good organizers wanted for the Order
of United Artisans: city or country. -Address
W. W. WILLIS. District Grand Master. M9
Market »t.. S. F.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy aad tush :
good opportunity to right man. F. PEK30X.
. room 412. Parrott building.
BOAT builders, bench-hands, ship carpenters.
Joiners, caulkers. 618 Third St.. S. F.
GET your shoes half-aoled while waltlns; 25o
to EOc. £62 Misplon st., bet. 1st and 2<i sts.
TWO lunch waiters wanted. Call early.- Pow-
ell and Beach sts.
WANTED— Al Cefractiontst graduate optician;
salary $130 per month. Address box 1403. Call.
tRIGHT. intelligent young man. 1? to 20 year*
of age. for office work; salary to commence
$30. Box 134S. Call office.
WANTED— First-class taxidermist; state ex-
perience and wages.- Address Box 1333, Call.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
8. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
eharacter. between the ages of 21 and 35; no:
lets than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over rt fee:
1 Inch In height: able to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marina Recruiting Offlce, 40 ElUa
St.. San FranciFCo. Cal.
MEN OR "WOMEN
Paid Big Commissions
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. !1 Spear st.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; object of sell-
ing, going to Bakersfleld. 105 Ninth st.
MEN 1 wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
inducements; catalogue free. MOLER'rf
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to knowr
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 130 largo
rooms: I5c per night; II to t2 per week.
BRIGHT men of good address; money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between S and
9 a. m. at 302 Post st.
ALL size* men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. US Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOY to learn printing trade thoroughly; on©
with exuerlenoe preferred. Box 1356. Call. •
YOUNG man t" do Janitor work for his tuition
at S. F. barber school. 741A Howard st.
WANTED— Two good trunk makers. D. D.
WHITNEY, Los Angeles, Cal.
PENSIONS — J. H. Shepard ft Co.. old reliablo
firm. 8P* Market, room 40. Ph»lan building.
SAILORS ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700- rooms, 25c night: reading-rooma; frea
•bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call Branch offlce. 200 Fillmors st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an<1
subscriptions has been established at 109*
Valencia st. .
A WEEK'S news for B cents— Th» Weekly Call.
HEMORRnoiDS.
Aj5T7MroT1piie»rplles. VfiesTl»lle«: ov-r 200
permanent cures among business men of Sai
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed:
no surgery, salves or ointments: no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
43 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bungles,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Hors.9 Market.
S-7 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR- sale— Cheap, for want of use, pair young
mules. 434 Merrimao st.. Oakland; forenoons
or any time Sundays.
GOING out of business: cab, harness and horse.
Apply at 5is Btanyan st. ¦ .- r, ¦ - -
THREE .fast road horses; also soma good
business horses, at 721 Howard st.
$110 — A FINE horse, new buggy and harness
for sale. 711 Tehama, st.
BARGAIN— Stylxh piano-box bugary with top
in fine order. Palo Alto Stable. 320 rrFarrell.^
A-1C0 SET9 second-hand harness: war™.
enrts, buggies, surreys, horses. 114? Folsom.
• AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also Ueht
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 823 Mlsmion.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call • 1! pages, sent tot any address In th»
United State* cr Canada on» year for $1.
r**'t»t»'» r"»M. - -
HOUSES .TO LET.
x prijtted LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN *: CO.. 14 Montgomery.
GROVE. ?25— Hou.«« of 9 sunny rooms; modera
Improvements. Apply 823 Grove st.
SUNNY corner: S rooms and bath, yard." «tc. :
rent reasonable. Corner Twenty-sixth st. and
San Jose ave.. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
•-ROOM house and 3-room cottage ch»ap. Cor-
ner" Nineteenth and Hartford stn. ; PATTER-
SON & CO., 11 City Hall Square.
C ROOMS, bath: 2013 Greenwich, near K-Jchar-
an; $20. THE MCCARTHY CO.. M« Market.
i « ROOMS, bath and. basement; 14 Reed st. :
rent $13. Apply at 1325 Washlnsrton «t.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS pages, in wrapper, for mailing. »1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET — KUnXISnED.
FOR rent to responsible party, elegantly fur-
nished modern hou^e 10 rooms. CSC7 Jackson,
st. Apply CHAS. C. BEMIS. 321 Montgom-
ery st., "Real E.«tat*>- Ag»nt. ¦'
PACIFIC ave.. 1547—7 rooms, bath. yard. lawn.
J30; water -free; apply morning*.
HOUSE CLEAXIXC.
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co.. estab. 1S30;
removed to 413 Pevtsadgro St.. tel. Fell 138.
LOST -4XD FOUXP. '
IS RKTWARD— Strayed from 1M9 Geary, tight
brown, small sitter; answers to the name ot I
Cap; had on- chain collar with tag No. W32.
Return to above addresa and receive reward.
LOST — Gold watch and . chain; Inscription
"Frtm Mother to Mamie, Xmns, 1S«." Re-'
turn to City of Paris Dry Goods Offlce; llb-
eral reward.
LOST — On Fillmore St.. bet. Haight and Oak.
a pair of gold eyeglasses, with chain. Re-
turn to 21 Spe 8 -' st. ; reward. ¦
LOST— Lady's ©pen-face 'gold *watch; tatttali*
« • A. B. ; reward. - 241S California s%THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, JANUARY S7, 1901.
29
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
O. H, UMBSEN & CO.,
. -._ Real Eetate Agents,
' i 4 Montgomery st.
Vbw properties just listed, which
must be sold. .1
'$41,000— Rents $4320 per annum; ' fine business
Investment: south of Market St.: sub-
stantial improvements; always rented;
lot 1S5xS5 feet; part cash* If desired.
$20.000— Fine Western Addltlpn corner, nicely
Improved, with 5 mpdern houses; lot
87:6 feet front; -In good order.
$5J50— Rents $782 per annum; 7 flats, near
Sixth and Harrison sts.; foreclosure
sale: lot 50xS0 feet.
$27,500— Mlsslon-Bt. property. • not far from
Third; S4:4H*1«O- feet; double frontage.
$6760— Two bay-window flats of 6 and 6 rooms
and bath each; near Flllmore and Mc-
Allister «ts.; lot 25 feet front. .
$1>,000— Foreclosure sale; grocery corner: Mis-
eion district; store and 4 rooms below
and upper flat of 7 rooms and l>ath;
: lot &0 ft. front; part of lot vacant;
I mortgage of $7000 at 6 per cent In a
bank can remain If desired.
$7700 — Rents $954 ' per annum; 7 nice flats In
good order, near Hayes »nd Laguna
"8ts. : double frontage, 'bay windows,
brick foundation,' etc. ; mortgage of $4000
at 6 rer cent can remain if desired;
lot 25x120 ft.
$9.000— To close an estate; nice corner 1 prop-
erty on Howard St.* in the Mission .'dis-
trict; let 45 ft. front; 2 stores and 2
upper fiats of 5 nnd 6 rooms and bath
. each; rents $930 per annum. '
$S&00— Pacific Bt., close to Battery; store 'prop-
erty; rents $&W r>cr annum; mortgage
of J6000 at 6 per cent In a' bank can
remain If desired; lot 44 ft. front.
$1200-^Hou8e and lot on Brady St., near Mis-
flon; can arrange terras If deeired.
$4500 — Rents $480 per annum; business prop-
erty on Cn*tro «t.; store and 3 rooms
and cellar below and flat of 5 roo*ns and
bath abevfl; hay windows, brick founda-
tion, etc : lot 25x80.
. $1500— Rents JJIS per annum: near Third and
Mirsion sts.; 5 tenements; always rent-
ed: lot 20x75 ft.
$3800— Part Cash; a bargain: 2-etory house on
Clr.y St., close to' Devisadero, contaln-
. Ine S rocms and bath;- lot 27^Sxl37:6;
must be sold; will be on the market for
a short time only.' .
New Pocket Man of San Francisco
County, 2i cents.
. • Choice list of building lots in every
part of the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real
Estate Records." which contains a Ht>t
of properties for sala in all parts' of
the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
. 14 Montgomery st.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st
' AUCTION.
AUCT— ~.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
At our salesroom MONDAY. February 4 1S01
at 12 noon.
REFEREE SALE.
The two following properties by order of R,
H. Fitzgerald, sole referee, subject to confirma-
tion by the court:
No. 1.
N. W. corner Bryant and Harriet sts., be-
tween 6th and 7th; Improvements consist of
store and 4 dwellings, which could be made to
yield a good income with little outlay; lot 75x75
No. 2.
• Folsom st..; N. W. line, b*t. 4th and 6th; Im-
provements consist of cottage of 5 rooms and
coal yard with stable, etc.; rent $40 per month,
which is low; lot 75xS0.
. E. M. CARLISLE ESTATE.
Executors' Sale.
Devisadero st : W line bet: Sutter and Bush;
lot 22:6xl"0; ground rent $15 per month: im-
provements thereon belong to the tenant; sub-
ject to confirmation by the court.
NATOMA-.STREET FLATS.
M3-.M5 Natoma St., bet. 6th and 7th; 2 flats of
4 rooms each; rents $2S per month; street ac-
cepted by the city.
HRYANT-STRKET BUSINESS CORNER.
940 Bryant st. ; N. W. corner Chestey; store
and 4 rooms with flat of 5 rooms above; rents
$35 per month: both streets accepted; lot 24xS0.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
S. W. cor. Pine and Lyqn sts.; 8 choloe build-
ing lots: level and ready for building; lots 25x
67:6 and 25x100 each. • - ' y
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
3223 Harrison st.. south of Precita ave.; cot-
tage of 4 rooms; lot 25xlPO.
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENT.
440 and 442 Harriet St., off Brannan, bet. 6th
and 7th; 2 cottages of 3 rooms each; lot 25x75.
MISSION CORNER.
S. W. Jersey and Vlcksburu sts.; cottajre of
4 rooms and bath; rent $10 per month; corner
portion of lot not built on: lot 34x75.
MISSION ..COTTAGE.
22S 2Sth Ft., bet. Church and Sanchez: bay-,
window cottage of 4 rooms; rent J10; lot 25:8x
114.
MISSION COTTAGE.
18 Valley st.. near San Jose ave.: cottage of
6 roome: rent $10; let 26x114.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Clipner st:. north line near Church: 2 lots;
level and ready for building; 23:5*^x114 each.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st. "
VON RHE1N REAL ESTATE CO. (IncT
. 513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$20,000 — Corner on Montgomery ave.; stores
and lodging-house: rents $176 DO.
$18,0CO— Broadway, near Mason: 84:4'4xl37:6;
3 new flats and rear house; rents $145. • ¦ ¦
S13.500 — Corner Steiner and Waller sts.: 4SxSl;
store and 2 flats; rents $63 P0.
$12,000— Union Bt.. near Taylor; 25:9x128:9; 3
modern flats and rear house; rents $39 60.
$6000— Lombard st.. near Dupont; 40x30 to rear
street: 4 flats: rents $56.
$iiOOO— Corner Leavenworth and Broadway;
cottage and 2 flats; rents $11.
$3000— lath ave..' near P et. ; 100x100; house of
5 rooms and bath.
UNIMPROVED.
$30,000— Corner Broadway and Broderick st. ;
127:6x275. . • % >
$12.500 — Corner Clay st. and Central ave.; £6:3
xl30: win subdivide. f
$S0CO— Corner Cole and Carl: 1CO:7j:87:6.
$55CO— Greenwich St., near Taylor: 45:10x137:6.
$3000— Corner 21th and Balmy: 50x75. . '
$5000— Polk St.. nearChestnut: 107:6x87:6.
*36CO— Hancock, near Church: 75x114; 3 good
bulldlngr lots.
$3500— Fulton St., near Fillmore: 32:6x137:6.
> $3t-Q0 — Laguna st., near Page: 25x100.
$3C00— Steiner st.. near Waller; 24x81.
$27M each— Post st.. near I>evlsadero: 2 lots.
$2500 — Waller, near Steiner; 25x120.
$2000— Waller Bt., near Stanyan: 25x100.
$1500— Sutter St., near L'-on; 35:3x100.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$17,000— Business- property; Flllmore st., near
California;. never vacant: rents $1430 per
annum; pays double what banks do.
fC.TCO — Cottage a-nd flats: O'Farrell st.. near
Buchanan: rents $50; good investment.
$3,000— North side of California st.. near Webi
ster; 10 rooms; In fine condition.
$11,600— Geary, near Octavla: large lot; Im-
proved: rented low $330 per annum;, lot
¦. alone worth the price, to build modern
flats on.
$2,500-rCorner lot; Lftrkln and Filbert stu.;
41x62 feet: very chfap; view of bay.
$1,200— Lot: Stockton st.. near Chestnut: 22x63;
flats on It would pay well.
$600 — Lot on London st.. near. Russia: 50x100;
electric cars; .ready to build on.
|3,CQ0— Scott et., near Washington: facing
pretty park: choice neighborhood; ele-
gant home: 8 rooms.
HAWKS (c SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
F. B. SURRYHNE.
Real Estate Agent, .
138 Montgomery Street.
$10,000— Near Halgbt and Scott; 3 modern flats,
6 rooms each; rents $S0 per month.
$8,500— Near Eddy and. Buchanan; 2 modern
flats; rents $65 per,month. '•
$11,750— Sutter st.:. 3 new modern flats; rents
. $115 per month. . . '- -
$15,000 — Four elegant modern flats: on a corner
close to the Park: rents $125 per month.
$6,000— Rents' $55 per month: 3 flats. 6 rooms,
each: corner near Market and Noe.
$4,500 — Rents $45 per month; near Third and
Folsom sts. .
$3,500— Rents $43 per month; 4 tenements on
Natoma at.
$3,250— Rents $34 per month: 4 tenements near
Fifth and Harrison sts.
$4,000— Compulsory sale: nice 2-story be,y-wln-
dow corner residence; short distance
from 'Haleht and Raker; must be sold.
$(; ooO-^Near Suiter and Jones; big bargain; 3
fine flats; new; rent $56.
SOME BARGAINS AT J5 A MONTH.
$150 and upward— Fine building lots, one block
from Twenty-second-st. oars.
Sunset Heights lots: 25x120 each; grand view.
Lots north of the Park, near Point Lobos ave.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post St.-
MOO EACH— Lots 25x100; 3C0 feet from San Ma-
teo electric cars: $5 monthly. OSCAR HEt-
MAX, H Post St. • *-
$12 M A MONTH buys a new 4-room ; cottage
and 2 lots near Mission «t. and Crescent ave.
OSCAR HEYMAN.. 14 Post St.
1/)TS with a grand marine view— Frontlngr'the
Grand Boulevard and ocean: graded and
ready ¦¦¦ to ¦ build on; "asy monthly payments.
OSCAR HEYMAN. H Post St., :¦
STOP PAYING RENT.
Handing' money over, to- a landlprd every
month is like, walking a treadmill. You don't
progress. Let us help you get a home of your
own. Your rent money will pay for It. and it
will be Just as easy as rent paying.
4. 5 and 6 room cottages In ' the best part of
the city. Street work. done. For sale on easy
monthly .payments. ¦ OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Poet.
$1600— BARGAIN :' cottage. 5 rooms and bath. I h
good condition; lot 22x114* In Mission warm
belt: 2 lines of cars. Apply to H. L. REA,
403 Washington at.
BENJ. H. LICHTENSTEIN. ' 14 ' Grant . av-.;
•offers 75 feet by »7:9; corner Oak and- Frank-
lin: panhandle property.. . ...
$S000— 1X)T 23x109 feet, with 3 newly built mod-
ern. flats: rents $600 net: bank interest $260;
•'Investigate -this. Owner, 828 Lombard St.,
, .corner of Jones. .. . . _• . -.¦¦¦-, '.-,., ,,
ALL. sorts of financial problems solved by H.'
-MURPHY.' 630 Market; ?d mortgages; estates.
REAL ESTATE— CITT— -FOR. SAXB.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. '¦' .'
¦ • ' 10 Montgomery st.
fll.SOO— T,aguna st.. near Golden Gate ave.: lot
' . 80*87:6; 3 flats;- rents $55.
$4,000— Tehama Bt.; rents $46; lot 25x80.
P),000— Seventh st., near Mission; 100 feet front-
• ' age; frame. Improvements; rents $125;
' near new . Postof flee. ¦ '
$7.500— Corner- Second st. and Silver ave. ; lot
• 70x95; 2-6tory house.
$4,500— Make offer; must be sold to close an
V estate: corner,on Seventh st.: rents $45
per month; lot 25x75.
$7.000— Rents $£<; lot 50x75; store and flats on
Ritch St. •
$:,500-Russ et., near Howard; lot SOxlM; large
house. • . ' - ;
$j,500 — Rents $$5: Natoma ct., near Sixth;
splendid improvements.
$;,3G0— FoUom st, near Third; store and flat:
/rents $20. • ...
$15,000— Lot 25x75: store and lodging-house; half
block from Fifth and Market sts.
$4,750— Rents $10; Brannan St.. near Third;
4 tenements; lot 37:6x137:6.
. $3.000— Twenty-fourth et.. near Sanchez; lot
25x114; 2 flats; must be sold,
$5,500— Rents $54: Guerrero st. ; business prop-
erty, stores and flats; lot 87x87.
$12,500— Howard-st. business corner; rents $30;
store and flats..
$8,250— Seventeenth-st: business corner, store
i and flats; rents $70.
$3,OCO^-Shotwell st.; splendid block; lot 30x
122:6; house, driveway, 'stable, etc. ¦ •
$l,tCO— Easy terms; new cottage, 5 rooms and
bath: lot 25x153; Mission warm belt.
?l,7".O— Dolores st. ; nice cottage; lot -25x100.
$1,750— Church st. ; big bargain; house, 8 rooms
and bath.
J6.000— Washington st., near corner: 2-story
brick building, near Hall of Justice.
(45,000— Sutter St.; downtown; rents $210; busi-
ness property.
HI, 500— Rents $120; business corner on Wash-
ington st.; brick building.
$9,500— Rents $80: Sacramento et. ; nice loca-
tion: lot 35x137 :C| 5 flats.
$4,200— Rents $57 50; best bargain yet; corner
store and dwelling; downtown location,
Sacramento st.
$950— Cottage of 4 rooms,' near Hyde and
Union ste.
$;,750— Rents $45; Pine St., near Taylor; fine
location for flats.' •
117,500 — Four large downtown flats; rents $140
¦ per month; extra large lot; Powell St.;
fine view. . • . ,
IIP, 000— O'Farrell «t., .near Jones; 3 flats; pays
6 per cent net:
J16.50O— Rents $U0: lot 51x137:8: Montgomery
St., near Jackson: large 3-story brick
building. ' *
>:2,5fO— Lot 60x57:6: McAllister st., opposite City.
Hall: frame improvements.
J37.500— Rents $250; near Larkin and Ellis sts.;
large lot: frame improvements..
$6,500— Rents $62 50: very cheap: Z flats near'
Larkln and Washington sts.
$14,500 — Business property oh Larkin Et. ; 2-story
building.
•12.0OO— Rents $120; near Jackson and Kearny
sts. : 3-story brick.
$?,S00 — Jones sL, near Union: marine view;
house, 6 rooms and bath.
C14.C0O — Jackson -ft., near Hyde; 3 new flats;
" . rents $102 60. . .
$l?,00O* 7 Rents $177 50: 3 new Cats; California.
¦ and Jones sts.
$12,000— Bush Bt.. near Powell; 4-*tory and
basement; pays well. •
' $6,000— Pierce «t., near Haight; nice 2-story
house. 7 rooms and bath.
$8,500 — Marine view residence: Vallejo St., near
Buchanan; lot 40x137:6. '
$3,500— Half cash; nice cottage; Frederick St.,
near Ashbury. • .
J4.000 — Broderlck' St.. near Washington; cottage
of 6 rooms and bath.
$15,000— Rents $110; Sacramento et, near De-
visadero: lot 55x127:8*4,
$10,000— Sutter-st. corner; 5 houses: rents $150;*
must be sold to close an estate; large
lot.
$14,000— Rents $110; elegant new. flats opposite
Alamo Square. Scott st.
$11,000— Octavla-st. corner, near Haight; frame
Improvements; large lot.
$*.5P0— McAllister st.. near Laguna; rents $S5;
lot 27:6x120 to rear st.
$5,S0O — Lyon St., near . Hayes; 3 flats; ' rents
$50. t;
$14,500— Threevflats; Hayes St.; ..lot 35x137:6;
rents llOO.
$3,0C0— Big bargain; 2 flats; Haight St., near
Steiner. •
$12,000— Rents $30: 3-story frame building, store,
etc.; ilalght-et. corner.
$14,500— Rents $405: lot 55x100; Bush-st. corner;
irtore and fiats.
$13.500— Post st.: lot S0xS7:6; S houses: down-
town.
Jlfi.sOO— Rents $114; 3 fiats and 2-story house:
Devisadero St.. near Geary.
$2C,CC0 — Large business corner on Flllmore St.;
frame improvements.
$7,CC0— Rents $62; Fulton st; near Octavia;
flats, etc.
$5,000— Rents $42 10; 2 new flats; Golden Gate
ave.
$500 — Sunyet District, opposite music stand:
graded and sewered; *$25 cash, $5 per
• month.
CRBAM OF PARK LOTS.
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
I>are chance for homebuilders and
¦ ¦ Investment seekers.
Choicest building lots on very easy
payments: on the H-street elec-
tric cars and fronting Oold-
en Gate Pnrk and the
new 13th-avenue
boulevard.
Lots and streets on official grades;
macadamized:' plank sidewalks,
gras. and water service.
Low . prices— bound to increase In
value.
TOUR OWN TERMS. INTEREST
OJfLY SIX PER CENT.
MONEY ADVANCED -FOR BUILD-
ING' PURPOSES.
Call at once at our branch office
fopen week days.. Sundays and holi-
days), corner H street and Sth ave-
nue, south of Golden Gate Park,
and aek-to be shown these beauttful
lots. Full particulars and price
lists 4lso at our office.
BALDWIN* HOWELL.
10 Montgomery street.
."sPEciAL"'...
J38.M0 ;
$4260. .rents per annum; will pay 10% net
Nob Hill > ...:
THREE NEW FLATS...,
high.. sightly.. elevation.. elegant view..
swell neighborhood.. rented under lease. •
Nothing better to be had. Lot 55x137:8.
, '. Apply to •
BALDWIN. « HQWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
/....
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ' ST.. S. F.
$30,000— Fine comtng business corner downtown:
ready now for modern building: old lro-
' provements renting tor 1135 per month.
$12,000 — A splendid corner lot on Pacific ave..
with marine and city view; size. 45x100.
$10,000— Home on Laguna st., near Broadway;
12 rooms ;¦ lot 27:6x170. l '
$7.500 — Twoiww modern flats In Panhandle dis-
trict: rents *7O mo.;, good Investment.
$5,00o— Brand new; two flats of 6 and 8 rooms
in fine renting location: rented fox $52 50
mo.: they must be sold at once; also i
moro flatn.Just buildins: price. $48<W.
$4.000 — Beven-poom house on Steiner St., near
O'Farrell.
12,250— A pretty cottage of 8 rooms In Mission,
on Twenty-third et.: in flrst-class con-
dition. .
tl.fioo. — Four lots on Dolores st.. -with view of
city; level and ready to build on; very
chea? lots. /
$750— Lot on Twentieth st.. near Church; tax
. 114; sunny side.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Lots 'in Pacific and Presidio Heights; all sizes
and prices; send for' list. ¦• * ".
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery rt.
COTTAGE house on Golden Gate ave.. near
First ave., with 2 lots, 25x137:6 each; on sunny
side of the street: contains' 6 rooms, bathroom.
; hwrh basement: it was mortgaged for $3750
and can now be purchased at the itlve axyay
price of $2250. payable In easy Installments;
the property is assessed for $1800; the buyer
could sell one Of (he lots if he wanted to re-
duce the, cost; the house rents ' for *12 per
month and could easily rent for $25; J2C00 has
been offered; It must be sold this coming
week. W. J. GUNN. 530 California st., be-
tween Montgomery and. Kearny.
THE cheapest lots' In Pan Francisco are those,
well-located and choice bulldlngr sites that I
am offering In Richmond at such low prices
that you can borrow, nearly the whole
amount of the purchase money, or you can
pay in Installments of $20: cable cars pass
In front and th» Geary-st. cars only 240 feet
" to the east; all graded and street wcrlc all
done. W. J. GUNN, 530 California ft.
CALL on W. J. GUNN and purchase one or
• two of those . very choice ¦ lots In Richmond
that are helnc; sold o>> cheap, with the cable
' cara passing in front and within 2(0 ft. of the
Grary-st. cars: why jou can almost borrow
the amount" of the purchase money In any
savings, bank. The lots are graded and all
the street work Is done. You can pay cash
or in easy installments.- So far all th» lots
sold have been for cash, a few days more', as
more lots are sold. ,'.jj> will co th? prices for
the few left. W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.,
between Montgomery and Kearny. ¦ -
IF you have property north of the Park and
you .wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
GUNN. 530 California «t. . ¦ . ¦
HEADQUARTERS FOH PARK LOTS!
Choicest and cheapest lots In this city. '.
.We can positively suit you.
$75, $100. $200 and $300— near Misslon-st. -elec-
tric csr or grand ocean boulevard; $."> monthly.
$300 : to $900— Choicest graded Sunset. Nine-
teenth ave. boulevard and Richmond lots; $10
monthly. . .
$750. $1000. $1500 to $2300— Splendid cottages,
good locations near. cars; all bargains. Must
be sold. Installments tame as rent. • ¦
Branch" office Ninth ave.; near H et., Sunin.
SOL GETZ * BROTHER. *
ROOM M. CHRONICLE BUILDING.
TO Let— A fine site for a coaliyard: lot on the
south siderof Goldan'Gate ave... near Larkin
st.;;rent $25. Inquire at 807 Filbert .st. L ¦
REAL ESTATE— CIT\'— FOR ¦ SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 .Market street. ¦
BANKS PAT 3 TER CENT.
REAL ESTATE 4 TIMES AS MUCH.
ANNUAL INCOirE $552 FEU ANNUM.
$3500—6 flats of 4 and 3 roome, near Fourth
- • and Bryant- sts.
ANNUAL. INCOME $518 PER ANNUM.
13*50—4 flats of 5 and 3 rooms, brick founda-
tion; near Second and Howard sts,
ANNUAL INCOME' $37« PER ANNUM.
$4650— 4 flats of 4 rooms on Capp St.; 30x115.
ANNUAL INCOME $505 PER ANNUM.
. JSCOO— 2 handsome flats of 5 and 8 rooms on
• - Bartlett «., near Twenty-first. ; *
ANNUAL INCOME $«34 PER ANNUM.
$5300—3 fine well built bay-windowed fiats of
6, 5 and 8 rooms and bath; Minna st,
near f Ninth.
ANNUAL INCOME $600 PER ANNUM.
$5€50— 3 handeomo flats of 5 rooms and bath:
. . Twenty-third sf.. near Howard.
ANNUAL INCOME SWO PER ANNUM.
$6000—3 new modern flats of 5 and 1 rooms
and bath; Scott st.. near Fell
ANNUAL INCOME $698 PER ANNUM.
$6S00 — 4 flats of 4 rooms and bath on Ellis
St.. near Scott. p ._-¦
ANNUAL INCOME $805 PER ANNUM.
$7000— $5Ono mortgage, can remain: J5xl07:« ft.;
on Franklin st., near Hayes.
ANNUAL INCOME $94S PER ANNUM.
' $7C0Ot-5 Cats of 4. 5 and 6 rooms: all rented:
40x75, near Fourth and Harrison sts.
ANNUAL INCOME $323 PER ANNUM.
$7500— Near Bush and Stockton sts.; 30x60;
i new modern fiats of 5. 5 and a room*
and bath. • .
ANNUAL INCOME $3» PER ANNUM.
$S500— Northeast corner on Twenty-first st.;
3 houses of 6 ruoms and bath; lot- i-*
88 feet.
ANNUAL INCOME $1152 PER ANNUM.
$10,500—8 modern flats on Eddy St.. near Web-
eter; " and 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x
120 back to rear street.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
. 638 Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
.638 MARKET STREET.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY, January 29, 1301. .
At 12 o'clock noon.
At Our Salesroom. $38 Market Street.
' PROBATE SALES.
The following property must be sold to close
the following estates— proceeds to be divided
among the heirs.
NINETEENTH-STREET INVESTMENT.
Estate of Mary Ryan, Deceased.
Nos, 33S4-W-68-70 Nineteenth St., near Mission:
2 fiats. 4 and 5 rooms and bath, and 2 houses of
S rooms; rents $55 per month.
TWENTY-FIRST-STREET FLATS.
Estate of Stanislaus Stroyrnskl. Deceased.
Nos. 3239-41 Twenty-first jst., near Valencia:
2 flats of 5 and C rooms and bath: 23:6 ft. wide;
rents $40 per month: lot 33:fix30 ft.
ESTATE OF EDWIN L, HESS, DECEASED.
Undivided one-half Interest in two following
unimproved lots:
South side Aldine (formerly Tyler); 120 ft.
east of Wlllard rt.: lot 27x125 ft.
East side Thirteenth ave., 250 ft. north of. J
St.; lot 25x120 ft.
BRANNAN-STREET INVESTMENT.
Estate of David Rey, Deceased.
No. 259 Brannan St.. near Third: 4 flats of 6
rooms; rents $52 per month: lot 37:8x137:8 ft-,
running back to Clarence place.
SOUTH PARK INVESTMENT.
Estate of r>avld Rey, Deceased.
Nos. 119-21 South Park., near Third St.: S-
stcry brick building containing 2 flats of 6
rooms and ba.th: always rented for $39; running
back to rear street.
POWELL-STREET CORNER. •
Estate of Mary Dalley, Deceased..
Southeast corner Pacific and Powell ets. ; 3-
story and basement building, eontaining 3
6tores and lodglnic-house of 19 rooms: rents $90.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
Northwest corner tNo. 421) Ashbury and Page
sts. ; large elesant corcer residence of 7 rooms
and bath: Int 25x106:3 ft.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOTS.
East side Eighteenth ave.: 7S ft. north of
Clement st.: 2 lots. 25x120 eich.
SEVENTEENTH-STREET FLATS.
Nos. 3.'.6*-79 Seventeenth St.. near Guerrero:
2 modern flats of 5 rnd 6 rooms. and bath: rents
$45 Der month: -rSiUS:. 1 ; ft.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
Lots 2-3-4-5-6. block li. West En4 Map No. 2.
Nearly S acres of land; close to electric cars.
Further particulars and catalogues of sale at
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market street.
MADISON & BURKE.
Established January, 185S.
' Real Estate Agents.
¦ Full charge taken of property.
«K Market St., opposite Palace Hotel.
$8500— Ellis st., near Gough; front and rear
house:. rent $50-; lot •0x120; with small expense
this can be made to pay well.
$£jnOr-Broadway. near Jones: must be sold;
rent $18; this is In good condition.
$6500— Pin« ft.; near Scott; 2 flats; rents
$37 50; lot 25x137 :«.
$7000—3 flats: near O'Farrell and Webster,;
well rented: lot 25xM.
Laundry building with 2 flowing wells of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120, on north
line of Lombard St., bet. FUtmore and Stern-
er; also lot 152x120 on Chestnut st. In rear:
rents $73 per month; must be sold oh account
of non-resfdence. . .
Bush-ft. corner, near Kearny: lot 60x70, with
large, substantial buildings; rents $230 per
month.
Misslon-st. bargain, near Twelfth: large lot;
new improvements, store and flats; rent $110;
price $18,000.
$10.500— Fine vacant property; lot 37:8x50,
with 2 corners; Taylor and Greenwich sts.:
Just the placw for a grocery.
$8000— An elegant north corner In the. Presidio
Heights district: «0x90; this la choice prop-
erty and very cheap.
$6500 — Bush st.. near Webster: 8 rooms and
bath; elegantly finished Interior; 27x100.
$7000— Harriet St., near Howard; lot 50x75;
rent $56. . .
$18.000 — An elegant marine view house. In the-
best of condition: will take a smaller house
for part pay if not too far out.
Putter St., corner of Buchanan: 35x87:6; only
$S0OO. MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
BENJ. M. GITNN & CO.. Real Estate Agents.
22S Montgomery st.
SOME CHOICE PROPERTIES FOR SALE.
$41,000— Large corner, close- to Geary and
Powell rts. ; pays 4 per cent with old Improve-
ments; will pay well to improve.
$42,000— Clcs? fo Taylor and Turk Bts. ; Wxl37:«;
only partly improved.
ViA.dOO— Close to Mbsoj and Eddy sti.: lot 55x
137:6 to rear street; modern up-to-date Improve-
ments;"ne\3 $3000 per annum.
$S2.nOO — On prominent Street; north of Market:
lot 6SxlS7:8; solid frame ' Improvements: one
tenant with 5 years' lease secured; pays 7ft
per cent net.
$17.5CO — Pays $171" per annum: three 10-roora
modern fiats on Paelnc Heights; never Idle:
lot 57:6x100; mortgage $10,000. .;--, .'-,-,
$900ft^-Iv)t 40x137:6: north side Broadway, near
Flllmore; fine view.
$$<)f<\—Lot north side Washington at., between
Laurel and Locust; 50x127:8 feet; fine view.
l_ J3ENJ. M. GUNN & CO.
JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine St., near ilont«-omery.
$5000 will buy a house and lot. 48xS0 feet. In
a central location; may be turned into a laun-
dry or factory-
$5250— Will buy a lot 63:«xl3) In a fashiona-
ble part of Broderlck st.
$70,000— A centrally located property; a bar-
gain. *
J10.0C*— S cottages and lot 100 ft. front by $2:J
ft depth; on Eddy St.. near Scott.
15750— Rent *3i5 per annum: a fine 3-story
house., store and 2 flats upstairs; on Geary st.,
near Flllmore.
$5750— A fine two-flat house; on sunny side of
Post st.. near Webster.
$40CO— Credit sale of a Park Panhandle; prop-
erty on Oak st.. netr Central ave.; fine cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; lnf25xllO.
$11,COC— Rent $123: comer property In a grow-
ing manufacturing neighborhood; stores and
flats.' t • -
HOOKER & LENT 1! Post street
$42,500— Fine large property; 2 corners; 150 fe-t
frontage; all rented; $3*0 per month;
best paying investment In city. ¦
»$32,50O— NE. corner: east of Leavenworth; fine
improvements; rents S2CO.
$23,600— Rents SIM; McAllister st., in the middle
of business; fine Improvements. \'
$21,000—40 feet on Ellis St.. downtown; properly
improved win pay- handsomely on the
Investment.
$17, COO— Another ElH^-st. property: larger lot
than the other; deserves your attention
$13,SW— Close to Sutter and Van Ness: larg*
lot. fiflxlQO; rents $100: must be sold;
make on offer for- It.-
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Pest rt.
HOOKER.* LENT... .....:..•.... ...14 Post street
$200.000— Near Kearny and Market sts. ; rents
$ 120". .
.$57,500— Kearny st. corner; rents 1330.
$25.ofO— Corner," near Leavenworth and Taylor
$17,500— Ellls-«. ccmer; rents $155.
S15.WX)— Near Sutter and .Taylor: rents $143.
$11.000— Haight-st. ccrner. near Market.
J97bC — New flats, near Park: rents f92 50.
$7700— New flats: Post st. ; rents $60.
$21j0T-Harris(wi-st. flats; rents $22." ¦ ¦'.: '',
¦ HOOKER * LENT. 14 Post st.
FOR sale or; to lease, for good tenant, rent
cheap, moflern hottse, 10 rooms, stable, etc..
including fine pasturage: lot 75x112: 33 L»e
R\e.. south of Ingieside Courslntr Park. arxl
6 minutes' walk from n«w fi. F. and San
'Mateo E. R. R. Co.'s new carhouse.
REAL* ESTATE- — CITl'— FOR , BALE.
SHAUrWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. . "™
REAL KSTATB AGETJTa.
218-220 Montgomery st., Hills building.
51.--.000 — Northwest corner.©? Jones and "Wash-
ington sts.; corner; 63;?xl37:« feet: elegant lo-
cation to build flats: grand marine view.
Jlp-COO^McAlIister st.; sunny side, between
Webster and .Flllmore: lot 7*>xl37:6 feet, with,
i h<-use of 12 rooms and, bath; land alone ia
worth the money. *;
' J8000— VarencJa st.. near Fourteenth: lot MX
10« feet to twenty-toot street la rear; terms.
{3C0Q cash, balance, on bank mortgage at • per
cent. ,
H10O— Lot SE. corner Washington and Lyon
sts.: a corner 21:3x100:4 ft.: very cheap.
tSiO— Florida St.. near Twenty-fifth: lot STx
He feet, with house of I flats; rents J27 30; you.
can pay J.VK) cash, balance In monthly pay-
mtnts of K* 65 or less if desired.
$33'jO— l>ot and. imp!..; uoria Hue of Washing-
ton st.. near Leavenworth: sold to clos* estate.
J370O— Lot west line of Van Ness- ave,, near
Union st.; 53x195 ft.; ready to build.
¦ We have .a number of very cholca Presidio
Heights lots with marine view, which we ars
authorized to sell at reasonable prices; get list
at office.
$990O-Paclfie ave., near Pierce St.: «xl37:8 1 -i
feet: beautiful residence lot: best portion of. tb«
avenue: price reduced to make quick sale.
$4000— Corner Oak and Baker sts.: 2axtt:10tt:
faclmr Park Panhandle".
J37;o-Nlnth st.. near Bryant; lot CjlCO feet;
cheap.
»lu.a*«)— Liberty St.. near Guerrero: the Nob
HiU.of the Mission; lot 84x114; residence of U
rooms and bath.
-gfiOOx-West line Church St.. south of Twenty-
eighth; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; rent* for
$15: modern; lot 25x100: a bargain.
JIO. 000— Reduced from $25,000; north sld» 8ao-
ramento •«.. near Van Ness ave.; fin* resi-
dence; large lot. SS:95lT7:SH.
$1930— Price reduced from $23>0: modern eot-
' ta»?e on Second ave.. near Poinx Lobos; S rooms
and bath: lot 25x120; or 50x11-0 for IT50.
ISf 00— Three modern fiats; Jackson st.. near
Broderlck; rents }TS 10: for sale at less than,
cost.
»5uOO— Marine view: modern cottase: Chestnut
st.. near Hyde; < rooms anU bath; lot 27:9
X137.-6.
$2750— Marine view; corner of Vallejo st.. near
Jones: 34:6 front; improvements rent for $71.
i 12.5CO-- N W. cor. Page and Lyon sts. ; modem
residence; 12 rooms and 2 baths; furnace; 7 bed-
room s; lot 33:6x35.
$22.500— California, and Octavla sts. ; SE. cor.:
fine residence lot: building now on lot to bo
removed; size 63:9x137:6.
$21C0— And your own terms: cew cottage, S
rooms and bath; Church and Twenty-second
sts.; lot 26x126.
¦ $31.000— Sutter-st. investment; monthly rents
$305; will pay about 9 per cent net: lot 40x113
teet: with substantial office building; alway*
rented.
13, oOO— Third st. : 2-story bride bnlMIng-. rants
to one tenant $130: lot 25x73 feet.
. IS25O— Reduced from $3000: elegant Prtstdto
Heights residence, with 5 bedrooms; first floor
has hardwood floors throuchout; finished base-
ment with furnace, etc.; lot S4:4Uxl?7:S'i; flat
marine view.
$7000— Very pretty bom» on Ashbury Heights
of 9 rooms and bath: completely furnished; lot
35xlS6:3. to rear street.
8HAIXWALD. BCCKBETE A CO..
ri3-22O Montgomery St.. Mtlls building.
REAL, ESTATE BARGAINS.
A- M. SPECK tc CO..
ear market bt.. opposite kearxt.
£300.
Two nice Cats near Sixth at.; rented tor (Si
'4 cash.
• . $3600.
Four flats; rests $48: dowatowo. sear 4th eC
$60C0i .
Three choice flats: near Post and Taylor eta.;
pays 19 per cent: 27 feet front: offer wanted.
$G5CO-HTDE-ST. COrOJER.
12-room house; Iot-40x9rt feet.
$SOOP.
Market Ft.: north side: 30 ft. front: near
Valencia st. .
m.oco.
Sutter St., near Taylor; very cheapv
ni.COC— 3 ERAND-NEW FLATS.
Rented under lease for $103 a month; h«1T
eash required. • ¦
$7300.
Flats: grand new; east of Van Nes» tw.;
rents $72; all rented.
$7730.
l Flats: few blocks from Van Nees aye.; rents
$S0; all ren;ed; % ca«h.
$14.0f0."
Grand 14-room residence on Jnckson St.
J14.C00— REDUCED FROM $13,500.
Business property: 'same tenants for yean;
store and roomlrig-hoiise. . .
$16,000.
- Grand corner: leavenworth St.: 00 feet front:
all rented fcr $125; mortgage $3000 can remata
at 6 per cent. .
$73.0Cft— REDrrED FROM $S2.00O.
Choice corner lot. 75-foot front: within half a,
block of Market st. : with old Improvements;
rents about 1-100: the only corner that can b»
bought vicinity, of Sixth st,
$i5.roo.
Rents $100; 3 new Rat*: choice locality.
$2C,CC0. .
I Corner. 60 feet front; vicinity gutter st.. east
I of Hyde: grand hotel, office or rootctig-hou**
Elte: rents Jlu7.
tS5,0OO INVESTED.
Grand corner; brand-new building; gu*ra»-
teed lease pays }'>co a month net.
$t5.oro— VICINITY SECOND BT. . .
Corner ?3xlfl2 feet, with Improvements: recft-
Intt for $1W rer month.
This district Is bnomln«r.
,$14,0CO- NEAR SECOND AXD IHSSIOV.
Lot 43x70 feet; rents nominal; a sure snap.
$23.0O<».
Sutter-st. corner; JS7:«»S7:«: elegant improve-
ments; rents $ISCO p*r annum.
$ino.ofio.
Market St.. near Call; S per cent oet.
A. M. SPECK A CO..
CS7 Market St.. opposite Ke&rny.
; Correspondence solicited.
'LYON & HOAO 114 Montgomery st.
$2,900 — A bargain: comer store and flat: elos*
to l«th and Potrero ave.: new building.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
H.500— Rent J40: good flats on Golden Gat*
ave.: built about 3 years; lot 2ox!37:5;
a snar-
$7,500— Fine modern residence; nunny rtd* Wil.
j ler, near Masonic are.; contains 11
rooms snd bath; lot 25x137:9.
BARGAIN ON MeALLISTER STREET.
$3.500 — Three-story building; flats; rent, $35:
lot 25xl37:S; must be sold to cloao
partnership account r assessed valuo
$3500.
FILLMORE-STREET COTTAGE.
J3.C0O — Contains 5 rooms and hath; lot 30tS7:S:
commands fine marine view: mortzagA
I ' $1500 can, remain; $400 cash, balanco $£5
monthly. .
$3,100— $500 cash, balance $39 monthly: hand-
- some home on Castro St.. near Twenty-
third: contains 7 large rooms. Vath ajiil
all conveniences.
$3,600— Rent $30; splendid new building: con-
tains 3 handsome flats. 8 rooms and
bath each: all rented; choice location,
nothing better for the price In the mar-
ket.
$10,000— Rent $W>: business corner at th» Mis-
sion: targe saloon and first-class gn>
eery: 2 Aats above; lot SOxSO; a splen-
. Aiii boy.
$4,500 only — Hayes-st. residence, near Lyon
St.; good, substantial residence: 9
•r.-icm! 1 . bath, etc.; lot 23x1*): a bargain.
LYON & HOAO. 1J4 Montgomery st.
LTOS t HOAO.
114 Montgomery street.
$5,4X0— Fine home; close to town; Leavenworta
st.. near Washington; » rooms, bath,
hot air furnace", etc. ; flne> view*.
$830— Very cheap lot: corner Eighteenth and
Utah; 2oxlCO.
$7,000— Home on Presid!t> Heights. Laurel, near
. Clar; contains 9 rooms, bath, etc:
charming views: Mlect neighborhood.
$4.2EO-^Rent $41: business property: ¦vtelaltjr
Ninth and Folsom; .store/ and fiata; ail
rented. .
HANDSOME XEW FLATS.
$15,500— F.llis «., near Octavla: 3 up-to-fiita
flats; big lot; rent t\3\
' ltom a h<\ko.
-¦•.¦;'** U* Monttromery rt.
.CHEAP LOTS ON HTDE ST.
$1.2S0— $100 cash, balance monthly- cars pasa
property; will build to suit.
LTOX & HOAG. 114 Montgomery et.
RAYMOND. BALDWIN & CO.. •
133 Montgomery nt.
$153. 00O— Fine business corner- on Gutter st. :'v«ry
larit". lot: perfectly located for hot.*:.
flats or physician's building..
$40,CCO— Downtown business property: lot Kx
137:8; substantial Improvements: annual
rents tKCO.
SIC.OOO — Howard st. : downtown Improved prop-
erty «f store and lodging rooms; of-
fered low to close estate.
$4,500— 27:7xll.> feet; Mission warm belt; to-
proved; annual rents $StO; $3C00 can ro-
maln.
$3.500— facramento st.. north aide. n-»r Ijtarel;
34:6xllS feet.
S3.flC0-I.yon at., near Hay**: 2.>xl"S:? f««t.
J2.WV- Waller St., nr. Central ave.: ZZxUt fs*t.
j2.1ftO_Guerrero St.; 23x125 feet; very cheap.
i $»5«V-Merrltt st.. near Hattie; lot Z5xS? feet;
! cheap.
RAYMOND, BALDWIN* & CO..
133 Montgomery *t.
i MAKE A START A3 OTHERS r>n>.
Instead t>t paying rent, apply th» sann
money in paving oft a- ne>w 5-room ?n'l bath
house on H'ftmen. ave.. near eleetrta car.
. Twenty-second st.
Four-room and Nith on HofTman avv«.
Agent on Hevman Tract.
JACOB HKYMAX. 117 gutter rt.
BOITLEVARD lots frosting on ocean beach;
only a few left: street KTa.ied. JACOB HEY-
MAN. 117 Sutter st. . • .
TO rent-»-Si:n'.nier resident of 4 rooms and
b«th; Elmhurst station: 45 minutes' ride trom,
: clty. JACOB IIEYMAN. 117 Setter St.
$liOO— WILL b* sold very cheap, as owner
must' ha\e money: 2 lots on Eighth ave.,
near J st.. close to th» park: street graded,
macadamized and sewered; will be sold at a
sacrifice.- fMRsVfi
$273—3 lots near J pt. and Thlrty-i'eeond
ave.: can ba bought cheap; fr>n cas.1. balanc»*
. easy terms: nice modern eattawi home at a
low prtc?. McEWEN BROS.. US llontxomory.
FOR Sale— An exceptional bargain In that ele-
gant 10-room np-to-date residence. 775 Cola
st.; new: elegantly rfp,cnratv,l: cpen dai!y.
Por Additional Classlflsd Advsrtlto-
, meats See Pago Thirty,
, IX>ST A\D FOCXD.
j^O^T—Osrlcnct mouthpieoe, between Powell
ard MrmtgvmAy ave.. on Vallejo at. Finder
riea*i> rvturn to 42S'4 Vallejo et. and receive
reward.
j EtCtTAREMStrajnefl from 216 McAllister st.,
black and white setter with brown spots;
.«n*wers to name of Queen. Return to above
j=<idr>"?.
:-.\Y n^ght, corner Gclflen Gate ave.
gjyj v -kPt St.. young pup. resembling Bt.
j.r--.-=rd. Reward If returned to room 1 702
»-, ¦. '¦ Ft.
(r«diMa4ay mcrr.inc-Blaek velvet belt
and ¦ t buckle en Market and Van Ness.
;.. ¦ nr Van Ness Bazasr. 1K*« Market Rts.
-¦•-:ve reward equal to value.
¦- • Sn-rrl horw; 4 white Ires and white
jr.ro: weight 105fl pounds. Call at 627 Haight.
V S coasting wacon found en Golden Gate
ave. Box 1ST4. Call office.
Var-ted.— Old cold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
•eweier. ;$> O'Farren. het. Powell and Ma?on.
( 'LD *-oid. Kilver. diamon.is and precious stones
bc'ight. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertlKemcnts and subscriptions
rfreivfd nt Call branch office. 2200 Fllmore *t-
A rsRANCH oftice fcr Call advertisemrnts and
subscriptions has been established «t 1048
Valencia «t. •
mattrk:s>si-:s am> pii<ix>ws.
MATTRESSES ANl» PI LLO WfT~t^irHoutJTTSjT
rr-.ade to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers arrl hair cleansed; fine up-
}T-<!*?ery; expert <*arpet-<-l»aning and laylne
KAPKr, m<~>S.. SIS ar..l T,':0 Tleventh rt.
JIIEOICAU
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1018 Market,
opp. tth: world-renowned ladies* specialist;
eafe. reliable; practiced in San Francisco for
y^ar*: treate.i thousands of cases successfully
treatment can b« used tt home; consultation
free. After all others fail call on him.
WKS. PR. KOHL. P37 Market et.. cor. Sixth—
Fafe end reliable ladlrs' physician; treatment
Si; positive cure guaranteed; when, others fall
cccsu'.t free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DPJ!. GOODWIN', 1007s Market, expert on dls-
eaeea cf women; IS years' practice in S. F., a
cure guaranteed: *5 at office; have cured thou-
«angs cf cases: unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. PR. "A'TETH, reliable specialist; 25 yr».'
successful rrartlce; guaranteed treatment at
office. K; any ailment; home for patients: con-
rult free. 942 Pott et.. bet. Hyde and I«arkln.
DR, ANT> MRS. DAVIE3, 1S3 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 22 years' practice; positive cure
ruaranteed; ladles treated can return same
day: HINDOO IIEJtB home cure: stamps, dr.
MRS. DR. AXLKN, 1CC5 Market— Ladles' spe^
dallst; safe and sure, cure, $3; bert care; low
fees; when ell ethers fall consult free.
ER. POPPEB, MRS. PR. LA TOUR, ladles*
rpec'allfts ; re-w process: rure cure; no medi-
cine ;e/very woman herownph>'Fic!an.S23Kearny
Mr.S. 13 R. OWYKTR. ladies' specialist; home
for j>«tients. 6M BUfly ft.
DR. NO TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice fre*. 7C4 fscramento St.. near Kearny.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pares, ter.t to my address in the
United States, r^rmid. fcr tl per year.
BIIXES AXD MI.VI.VG.
MONTEZUMA COPPER STOCKS.
TTfcy not axk questions about themt *
W« can taswer them to tie rolntl
Jill ! till
T^iat ia«ani to your eatlsf action.
EVery b/sjrer of the*e stocks— and there are,
hur.(*re4s of them — is pleased with his in-
vestrnent.
PAY AS TOU GO.
The cash rr".c-e lor January Is elx «enta.
BUY ON THE INSTALLMENT PLAN.
Eeven cents is the prlc« for January,
Installments to suit.
It U easily bought either way.
The Mcntezuraa Mater Co. 1s out of debt
r^w. and will r-ever go into debt; its 18 fine
r*"t<*rtles fifty milew fmm Tii-oma carry from
IS try Zi r~r ce=t corper; under the laws of
Wesliir.gion the Etork is non-assessable,
aiONTEZrSIA COPPER IS A. MONUT
MAKER.
I I I I fill- I
Call orseri'l for printed matter, and learn
BosM'.hlsr about copper that you
don't knrw now.
Tbe information shan't cost roa a. cent, and
yoa can do as you please about buying.
THE AiEERICAN GUAJtANTY & TRTTST CO..
PeUJnif Agents.
SI0 Safe IDeposit Building,
San Fraaclsca. Cal.
A EAFH INVESTMENT.
Gold Etock.
Copj>er Stock.
TTe operate golff and copper mines, € ' i]
TT« r^aracte* you against loss.
We glv» experienced TT-arnpement I 1
Ocr etodc la oon-aeseasibla.
Our rtock is collateral npoa which
yon can borrow 40 to 60 per oent . ' ¦
cf rh» fac« rale*.
Can yoa 2nd th» cam* security ' ' ' '.'' V' J
la acy other «tocV?
The sr^wer comes— No!
TTe Invite you t» cur office
to jgttufirit" our methods.
To« win fiafl ts rteht.
S *Vie? ta l22"25l5 al _ MiT1tr '* and Develcpmeot
Co.. 201 Lmm* BprecktU building.
C ir^rS interest in a placer claim.
nrir,..> county) i or f 7 oo : n, flT1 » v to _ o for
- ecpflpment. etc. * Box VM. Call office.
C ?J E^ P P T * nd bert in A»«*e»-Tb«.W«eWy
l>.iV.rt Pt P f 6 " S ' nt to ar}r address In th«
MLVIXC AXD ASSAYING.
A ~ V v r " rfon coin!? to Klondike or Forty Mile.
YuKen. c»n receive tome valyable informa-
l£ n r}'\J* mns or ztercrtrK J. H. DARKER.
T'» California st.. room H. bet. i; and 2 p. m.
MISCELLAXEOCS FOR SALE.
fn^ 1r '^- machinerx Mc^
INTOSII & WfiLPMAN. IS5-197 Fremont st.
B M Rf "I' W ' k ' arE ' njirrci^- 'howcases. counter*.
ur.oieurn. r>*-x and fivoid-liand: w; always
fcave a ,ar C e stock rf saloon outfits on hanil;
22 comr.lfte p-jtflt? on ov.e floor, ready made;
v^rv- r :v rh:: ' eve!T1hIn « in 2< hour%. J.
KIT. io:s. id. itf»3 Mission St..
«I-n\e .-'xth; write for cataloirue.
FOR sale or exchange; ] vi^il Clavier; good
«s new; fine tor piani pracUtt; c o) =t $70; will
S in 1 '¦¦? 11 •¦«'han,- for good man-
<J ." iln l.J , B ;' < *b' > rhrK><i'F" Terhnloon. for
¦trenrtbeetns: to*»cle* u«M in piano practice;
1^h Ij. Dox 135?. Call nfflce.
r Z n , tal'-Two r.4-inch b y W-toot bollwiv'tJirei
SCinrh by Zj-inr/t .Irurn". three 42-lnoh hv 35-
foot <*r-jms: will »=tan4 tSt 5 >.>unds pressure;
«:i cheap for cash. Third and Urove'ets
Caklard.
liCT a hrand-new tyj>eiiixiter for };, down and
f. pi»r montli; «Tlte for catalogue and r>Hi*e.
TVrBWrtlTER EXCHANGE, 409 California
«.; rentals, cw machines, {3 jwt month..
SIN'JLlt high-arm pewlnff machine, foldlng-
_Jb*"i. bureau and lounse: bargain. 700 Eddy.
FOn Kale— Barjrsin: Al Singer buttonhole ma-
chine. H. H. HOFFMAN. 507 Market Et.
A BEAUT1FTJL docta* diamond horseshoe pin,
fl-.. srorth JiO. CXOLS HARRIS. 15 Grant ax-.
A— SC-TON Howe wagon /caJe; compound
b'atn. Apuly at IIS California rf.
HIGH fiivicg and trick dog. witij 40-ft. ladder
«nj net. PHir> J. NOJ-rTB. 77S Market et.
TOVL J5ALK-A good mastiff watchdog. Ad^
tnm C. P. CHKISTEN'SEN, SanU Rosa, Cal.
O> K lathe Dow pump, pulleys and shafting
at » bargain. €3* Mission et.
ALEXANDER & CO.. '.10 Montgomery St., seil
at lev; fjguirs all makes 2d-hand' typewriters.
FIRST-^UAP!' second-hand modern engines and
boilerr brught and sold. KROGH MFG. Cc.
ID-HANI) it-'m. pas, oil. water and air ma-
chlr.ery bourht and enld. TThlte, 516 Mission.
POUTABLR engines, boilers; Iron and wood
piar.enr. lathe?; 2d-nana. - J. Burke. 139 Beate.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
fccuglit, eold, exchanged. 1C9 Montgomery st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
A— BUYS. f*Us or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler*, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc WHJTELAW. 216 Spear st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento et.
MAGIC lanterns, new . and 2d-haAd moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post «t.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all slzee. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. Ban Fran.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages. i«ent to any address In the.
United States or Canada on« year for $1,
rostape. paid.
MISCKLLAAEOrS WANTS.
WANTED— To buy a eood horse snd buggy of
carriase; must be. s In good condition and
cheap; describe fully. Address box 2079,. Call
office, Oakland.
SECOND-HAND tinners' tools wanted at 2S5
Fourth rt.
A ~ KL EIN pays bf«t price for clothing, brle-a-
brae, old gold. 1C3 Sixth st.: phone Jes«le 141.
BOWS & arrows. Woman'? Archery Club. I'nl-
versltj of Cal. Box 2077, Call office, Oakland.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Siiverman. SS4 Folpom; tel. Folsom 1191,
WANTED- I'pright piano for cash. H lT
V.'IIITKHEAD. 1710 Market et.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay 0:1 furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will Jose
their frier.d^hlp; do business with Rtrangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay no
publicitv. Hooms 9 and 10, 906 Market »t,
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest in Estates
Undivided Interests in Real Estate..!...
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY, C30 Market.
JLNT amount at 6 per cent:ln. 5d and 3d raort-
jrages. undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business e!»e-.
where. ' R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first
recond mortgages, estate* in probate. Interest !
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chatt»l I
mortgages and securities. Room 16. l«t floor •
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advance* on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store,' 84« Market
St.: tel. Main 1614. Branch IS Third st.
A-$.'On,O00 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private-
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tiaL Room 3. Conservatory bidg., 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. ¦ 1170 Market St.. room 68.
MONET loaned salaried people without security
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
lorn- rate. Home Bids. Co.. 222 Sansome. rm. 2.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: 6%; undi-
vided ints.: estates. HARPER, 397 Parrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott build-.
Ing; men can secure loans on personal notes.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 821 Parrott building.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;'
low rate. S17 Market st.. room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dnrser. S. F. Discount Agency. 145 Phelan big.
SICSICAI, INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay A- Co.'s with
eastept payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the. best
of their prade, from Pteinway down. Prfv-
llege given to exchange medium and low ,
priced pianos for a w»w Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights nold for $6 cash and.
J6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $J. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco:
enrner Broadway and Thirteenth St., Oak-
land.
A— GUILD square , fi"
Hazeitoir 9o
Novella uprlpht 72
Marshall & Wardell small upright 135
3 Stelnways $125. $1SS, 291
2 Chiekerinrs $115, 2S5
1 Heine (ovfr 50O0 In use) 285
3n new pianos at $152. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary St.. agents Hallet & Davis, oldest,
exclusive and most famous ptano in exist-
ence. Our new rent contract, you have priv-
ilege to exchange or return piano If not sat-
isfied. Old pianos taken In exchange, Hallet
& Davis preferred.
I ABSOLUTELY the oldest and laree«t houfte
west of Chicago Is KOHLEn * CHASK's. 26.
2S and 20 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of all grades
* nnd price*: trrms earsy; prices lowest: every-
thing posElble done to please and satisfy the
customer.
5 ORGANS, from $25 to $60.
2 second-hand pianos, from $75 to $145.
4 new uprights, rrom $IE0 to $195.
Guaranteed; easy payments. BENJAMIN
<"TRTAZ & SON. 16-1S-20 O'Farrell St.;
Chiekerlng agency.
rv>R full particulars of the great piano sal»
now rning on at MAtTTAlS' music store read
the display advertisement in the Bulletin to-
dny. In the meantime go to the store, 761
Market st.. and see the beautiful assortment
cf pianos to select from.
QUEEN VICTORIA, her grand life and <rlorl-
ous reign; Fend seven stamps for sample.
THE J. DEWING CO.. San Francisco.
A FINE ftock of rew and second-hand pianos
st DEWINGS. 12 Flood building; a new np-
riicht. 517^
FINE square piano and mssslve. $900; walnut
bedroom set; sell cheap. Box 1426. Call afflcw.
ON SALE— «2S5: Hallet-Davis uptight; cost
$675. Room n, 217 Geary st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck, Hardman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Po3t.
BARGAIN— Must be. sold; "nice -upright piano.
SCHMITZ. J6 McAllister Et., next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand uorlght cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG', 216 McAllister ft.
ELEGANT S-pedal' upright: sacrifice: leaving
city; standard" make. 324 Golden Gate ave,
A CLEARING out »-al» of piano* In storage:
dirt cheap. Wilson'* Storage. 1710 Market »t.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohnvr & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Ppellrnan pianos. 30^ Post
SPECIAL PALE— Immense reductions; see our
leader, only $15r BRUENN. 208 Post st.
3-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain; owner
leaving, eltr. 2233 Mission 6t.
AT KEZFFE'S. 833 Market et.. 4 »]e«rant «P»
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
I5EST rent stock in city; new pianos, $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR \-lollns. zltherf. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker,, repairer, 2 Latham plax-e.
OKEICES A\D STORES TO LET.
CORNER store — West corner Fourth and Perry
sts.; occupied as grocery ard bar for past
30 years; rent $20: water free. Apply to G.
II. UMBSEN & CO.. 34 Montgomery st.
STORE suitable for grocery and bar. 4 living
rooms; also 4 rocms over etore. 4499 Beven-
teecth et. ¦ '
NEW store, 4 rooms, bath, yard: splendid io-'
ea.tlon for grocery cr butcher, pork, produce,
delicacy buMnene. Apply 230 Crescent ave.
FIRST loft: 2."xlX; lirht all r>ver. B79 Mis-
sion st.. cpp. W. F. Express building. ;
FTORE — Central location; cheap rent; 2 llv-
Ing rooms. 4ft9 Sutter *t.
OIL. ™
ONE of the best Opportunities erer offered for
person to come into oil company where land
is owned. In proven territory, and- help fur-
: nl*h money for development; a small amount
of money will give you a larce block of vtock-
a chance for only a few more. Address or
call Winchester Hotel., room 519, between 9
j r.rd 12 a. rr>.
20 CENTS a uliare; a limited number of shares
In one of the best oil offerings en the market:
the, company has 800 acres of patented land
and has leare on 1200 additional acres; it is
now boring and needs some additional cap-
ital to complete the work: the finest prospects
in the Btate. Apply to McEWEN BROS., 118
Montgomery st.
19 CENTS per. share: solid- company: own val-
uable lands In famous Sunset district; first
well In oU.
£0 cental per share: in- company having U
producing wells; now paying dividends. C
F. MOORE. 835 Market St.. room «. .
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Co. buys,- develops,
exploits nnd sells oil lands; has exceptional
advantages for securing Eastern capital in
proved fields; communications confidential. F.
H. Hausman, Sec. Sth floor, r. S2, Mills bidg.
INCORPORATOBS— Mining and oil companies
Incorporated, and books opened for same; cor-
poration books, experted: highest references
given. W. C. STADTFELD. r. 57. Nevada blk.
. OIL. .._¦___'._.'
WANTED-A few gentlemen to join a small
party of business men • in forming- an oil
.company on proven land; this Is strictly a
ground floor offer. Box 1412. Call office.
TWO more: parties with $230 each to Join others
In organizing company on large tract in heart
of proven oil district! principals only; no
brokers. Box 1450. Call office. . .
8TOCK In company with five producing wells:
. average production 90*50, barrels' per month: a
few hundred for sale at 60c per share. Box
1421. Call office. •
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street
MEMBKR PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
$1000—80 ACRES for sale in the center of
Devils Den/oil belt; United States patent.
C. F. MOORE. 835 Market st.. room 6.
WANTED— Sovereign.'- Occidental and Califor-
nia Rock oil stock. Address, with lowest caah
price, HERMAN, box 1420. Call office.''
2500 ACRES oil land: $5 to $3011 per acre. W.
C. HAMILTON, g Flood building.
OIL LAXDS.FOR SALE.
KERN River? proven territory: line of R. R.
Newton. Carmen A Somes, r. W. Ch»-nnicle:
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered. J3
up. Jensen & Bath.30S Sixth st. :open evening*.
rj\ PALMISTRY.
M^sT^AT^DWIN^laTe^f^hT^cldr^ogiclT^oU
lege of Los Angeles, has opened a school In
this city; scientific paimUtry taught; read-
Ingg; hours 10-12 and 1-5. 309 Powell St.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St., bet. Geary and Poet; tel. Black 561.
PATENTS AXn PEXSIOSS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless . successful.
GEO. Pi CAMPBELL. lawyer. Examiner blK-
PERSONALS,
INFORMATION wanted of DAVID OR JOS A-
FETA MULFORD; lived In or near San,
Francisco within eight years; give present
' address' of either or time and place of death;
rroperty involved, M. C. box 1241, Call.
I MAX, 33 (Danish), with means, wishes to meet
widow .with a home; object matrimony; no
agents. Address box 1428, Call office.
WANTED— Address of GEORGE WITT. H.
HEIN. 812 Twentieth St., Oakland, Cal.
MR. CHARLES M. WEST, who called Decem-
ber 26 at 1561 Pacific ave., please call again.
FOR adoption— Pretty" little blue-eyed girl. 1
year old; also healthy boy baby. MR.
FRANK, please call. MRS. DR. FUNKK.
_14jl6JElghth St.. Alameda.
THE Star Hair Remedy can be had at^11 leaiT
ing druggists and hairdressers: it is guaran-
teed to restore gray and faded hair to natural
color, cure dandruff, stop falling and g~»w
n»w hair; ask for it: take no other. Th>
Star Remedy Co.. San Francisco.
ALL diseases of the Ecalp caused by micro ba-
cilli succersfully treated: hair* grown, gray re-
stored; Fhamroolng and hair brushing: ask
about my Luxurlol bust developer. MRS. E.
R. DUNLAP. 6 Eddy st.
THE Willow Bark Co. will pay $100 to any one
treated by them and not cured of absinthe,
liquor, opium, morphine, at home or. sani-
tarium. 1SS3 Polk st.. San Francisco.
RAG carpets wove. to order and for »ale: also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment:
no knife, plaster or pain; ftofck and testi-
monials mailed free. Canc«r Institute, 121
West Forty-second st. N. Y. .
VALUABLE .Information will be given .to all
persons addicted to the use of cigarettes, liq-
uor, morphine or any other drug by MRS. E.
PEARCE. 726 Sixth ave.. Richmond District.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates:10
years" experience. J. B. RAY. SS7 Jessie st.
ELECTRIC light In e\-«ry room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 BO to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage, to and from the ferry.
MICE suits, $"l0; dress pants~$2 75] MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery Et:
A.— $3 SO r>KRBT and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near f ine.
¦\VHY fu«««? You are certain of style and fit by
using Standard Patterns: February styles
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICK. 1021 Market ft
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTEP.N OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.,- near Broadway.
FT1ED MANN, magnetic healer, hns returned
and will be glad to see old patients; tead
troubles; weak eyes. S48* McAllister Et.
PRIVATE detective work: sklllfjl Investiga-
tor: low rates. Box 139S, Call office.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and mnlr§ destroyed with
tiectrtc needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutt*r st.
MASQITEFIADE co«tume«. play books, wlsrs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French' Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; ail druggists.
>LFREDt-M3 Egyptian Henna: restores grray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
CHRONIC and complicated aisaases; establlphed
here 12 years; reference to people w-e "have
cured; diseases located without asking a ques-
tion: send samples of urine: latest methods of
. treatment: our own medicine: no incurables
taken; no cure, no pay. Call or write DR.
WILLIAMS & CO., HO Geary st.
LK. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
102HJ Market «t.. between Sixth and Sev.-nth.
REAL ESTATE WANTEli.
CITY property: will pay good interest on
$10.000; owners only. Box 1344. .Call.
REAL ESTATK Cl'i Y — KOit P W,R.
for" sale" b y~burnh am~&~m aT^~h~co?~
fplendid investment,
$24,500— Rent $175 a month; 3-story building,
stone front, on Geary St., near Union Square;
fine future and pays 7 per cent net.
BUSINESS PROPERTY"— SIXTH. NEAR
MARKET.
$26.000— Rent $155; large lot to rear ¦treet;
store and one floor above: very old tenant:
rent can be increased ro $1S5.
CORNER AT A SACRIFICE.
$9750— Rent $91; this elegant business corner
built only 3 years; 3 stores and fiat: transfer
point 4 car lines; never vacant; nothing like
•it for the money. : .
HERE'S A SACRIFICE. . .
$775<v— Rent $72 a month: store and fiat; key.
lot to Sixth st. front;, only one block from
Market et. ¦ V
CALIFORNIA STREET FLATS.
$5500— Rent $42. £0; choice flats on this fine'
street; steadily rented.
BUY ON GEARY STREET.
¦$37,600— Rent $252 a month; inside Larkln st. ;
Urge lot 47:6x137:6, and extra well built S-story
building; 2 stores and flats above.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS."
$2000— Jackson st. lot, 30x119, with fln« view;
must sell; no reasonable offer refused- ¦
• BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
20 Montgomery st. '
T. P. RIORDAN, REAL ESTATK AGENT,
C32 Market st., room 2.
$4750—12x50; Minna St.; with 4 flats, rented
• at $50: this is a splendid Investment;
must be sold. ¦ . •
$38,00*— Fine large corner, fronting three streets,
with Improvements; near City Hall;
fine Investment; part cash, balance on
6 per. cent mortgage; always rented.
IIS.EOO— 80x75 ft.; tine improved corner; south
cf Market St., with fine Improvements;
always rented: $1275' yearly: bargain.
$4000 — 40x85 ft., on wei>t line of Valencia ist...
rear Twenty-third, with double house
of 8 rooms and bath; each fine, invest-
ment.
$15,000— Beautiful corner residence of 16 rooms
and all modern Improvements: fine loca-
tion; best barraln offered' In the city.
$25,000— Fine Investment on Mason st., near
O'Farrell; fine improvements.
$57,B00 — Fine improved business corner, paying
near $500.
1 have several fine corners south of
Market St., rood Investment, paying
well; great bargains.
$13,000—55x120 ft.; Bush, near Polk st.. with
; good Improvements; must be sold; bar-
gain; price reduced.
. Call and see me if you want to eell or buy.
. T. P. RIORDAX, 622 Market st".
$4700— EASY terms: new artistic homes on Ash-
. bury Heights; charming view of pnrk.and
ocean; houses contain 7 and 9 rooms; all
sunny. Clayton St.. pmuh of Frederick; Ma-
sonic ave. cars pass the door. ¦ .
$2200— BARGAIN; Just completed; 5-room cot-
tage; easy terms. Jersey and Noe sts, ¦ . j ;
$:350r-Three flats; cheap; on Vallejo at, near
Leavenworth; rent '$26. Inquire at 1128 Vallejc.
tSSOO EACH; a bargain: 3 rew dwelling houses:
IMS Masonic ave., 3 blocks south of Haight
* st. : b^t marine view; owner on premises; see
• before buying elsewhere.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and Genera) Land
. Agent. 2:4 Montgomery, st. . /•.
Make offer-rNohheast corner Twenty-seventh,
snd Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114" feet. ¦
$1600— North line Carl St.. . near -Stanyan; 25x
117:6 feet. .¦--¦^-¦.;. ';¦••¦' - ,-...*. • .-.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates f urnlehed. Campbell, 1147 Mission.BENEFIT ENTERTADTarEUT
FOB SEAMEN'S UTSTTTUTE
The Bev. Father McLoughlln Will
Lecture To-Morrow Evening in
Native Sons' Sail.
The Rev. Father McLoughlln of New
Tork, who so brilliantly Interprets the an
cient melodies of Ireland, will lecture In
Xatlve Sons" Hall to-morrow night. Ha
will give a musical discourse on the bal
lads of England. Ireland and Scotland,
havlnp chosen for the subject of his lec
ture "The Rose, the Shamrock ajid tho
Thistle."
The proceeds of the lecture will go to
the Catholic Seamen'3 Institute, which has
In the past done good for all engaged In
nautical pursuits without distinction of
creed or color. Mrs. John B. Casserly will
give several selections on tha harp and a
chorus from the choir of St. Mary's
Church will add to the evening's enter
tainment.
PREPARING FOR
THEIR CONCLAVE
Representatives of State
Pythian Lodges Name
Comiaittees.
Thousands of Visitors Are Expected
to Come With the Supreme
I.odg-3 in August of
Next Year.
At the meeting: of the executive council
of the Grand Lodjre, Knights of Pythian
of California, held in the ofHce of the
grand keeper of record* and seal yester
day afternoon, the preliminary organiza
tion was effected of a general committed
of arrangements to prepare for the con
vention of the Supreme Lodge of that
orr!er which will be held in San Fran
cisco during the second week in August
of next year.
Thi3 gathering was a representative one.
members being preatnt from many places
in the State. There were ex-Lieutenant
Governor William T. Jeter of Santa Cruz.
grand chancellor: Leonard S. Calkins of f
the ..Nevada Transcript and also Post
master at Nevada City, grand vice chan
cellor; Dr. H. R. Ar:idt of San Diego, the
Junior past grand chancellor; S. G. LJt
tl*. president of the Bank of DIxon. <rand
master or exchequer; H. Schaffner. for
fifteen years past the grand keeper of
records and ne&l of the order in Califor
nia; Past Grand Chancellors Stanton L.
Carter of Fresno. A. J. Buckles of Fair
fleld. Carl E. Ltndaay of Santa Cruz. C.
F. McGlashan of Truckee, George Samuels
of Oakland and W. H. Bodnsh A: G.
Booth. T. J. Crowley. \W. C. 'Graves.
Charles L. Patton and S. "W. Powell oC
San Francisco.
The report of the representatives of th«
California Grand Louge in the Supreme
Lodge was submitted, showing the invi
tation tendered by the Grand Lodge of
California, its presentation to the Supreme
Lodge, at Detroit. Mich., in August last
and its unanimous acceptance with th»
Bole condition that the California knights
would meet the additional expense in
curred by the Supreme Lodge caused by
the convention being held on the Paciiio
Coast. This additional expense will
amount to $2),000. and has been provided
for by a special tax levied upon the mem
bership in California, payable in semi
annual Installments.
Subcommittees -were appointed, with
power to add to their number, as follows:
Finance, Charles L. Patton: promotion and
publicity. Lt S. Calkins: hotels and accommo
dations. A. G. Booth: Uniform Rank Camp,
C. F. McGlashan and H. R. Arndt; corre-
»l«ondence. H. Schaffner; entertainment, Carl
E. Lindsay: parade, George Samuels: music.
!S» W. Powell; illumination, and decoration. T.
J. Crowley: hall. W. H. Bodflsh: -headquar
ters. W. C. Graves: horses, A. J. Buckles; fire
works. Stanton I* Carter. *
Never since the organization of the
order, thlrty-serven years ago, has thera
been a convention of the Supreme Lodge
held in any city west of the Missouri
River. Every effort is to b© made to In
duce travel and bring people to this one.
Rates of fare will 'oe quoted that cannot
be resisted. The fare will not exceed $00
frftrn Chloago and return and may be
much less, as other meetings to be held
in the future are receiving- very liberal
treatment at the hands of tbe various
transportation interests included in the
Western Passenger Association, white
those In Eastern territory Invath-bly Quota
a rate approximating 1 cent a mile.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 27, 1901.
30
ROOMS AND BOARD.
CALIFORNIA, between Polk and Larkin— 15
minutes'. walk from Kearny and Market sts.;
within a block of 4 car lines; sunny back
rooms; bath, gras, phone, parlor, piano; board
optional; private family; reasonable. Box
. 14M. Call officer • . . , , *
t ~~^ — ::'- . ¦ ~~~'
IN 'a modern "newly and elegantly furnished
¦ private , residence- where there are a few. se-
lect boarders, wanted a couple or two young
men: all modern accommodations; bath, Jtaa,
running water.y phone, etc. Box 1312. Call.
ELEGANTLY & newly u furnlshed sunny apart-
ments with or without board; cuisine unex-
celled. 1103H Broadway cor, 12th St.. Oak-
land. top floor; MRS. M. C. ROBINSON, Prop.
AT the' old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California st. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractlve and sightly rooms at modest rates.
KLLTS. 1312— Refined private family have hand-
scmely furnished modern sunny suite; best
rome table; reasonable. ' . ¦
GOLDKN GATE ave.. 12M— Sunny sulto par-
lors; alcove room; with or without board..
ROOMS and board: prices reasonable. .415
First st. ' ¦ "¦
. ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
A V TOUNO lady piano teacher will exchange
leesons for room or board or both. Address
1509 Larkin st. .-' . . .
GENTLEMAN desires room and board In pri-
vate family: Scottish family preferred. Box
H15. Call office. '
./ROOMS WANTED. . .
SINGLE gentleman wants finely furnished
room with bath, sunny and heated.' with or
without beard. In section bounded by Van
Ness ave., Buchanan, Jackscn and Post sts.
Box 1342. Call office.
WANTED- 1 or 2 furnished or unfurnished
rooms In private family in section bounded by
Van Ness ave.. Clay and Sutter sts. Apply
ISO Cook st., off Geary^
WANTED— TWo or three unfurnished rooms;
sunny side of street; light housekeeping;
north of Market and east of Fillmore sts.
Box 1414, Call office. ._
3 FURNISHED rooms or small Hat: sink; both:
yard; north Market St.; rent reasonable. Box
1447, Call office.
WANTED— 2 to 5 centrally located unfurnished
rooms; give full particulars. Box 1430, Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES. .
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
\«end 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
ladles" in letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Cc. Phlladel.. Pa.
FREE clinics for the deserving poor will re-
open Feb. L Pacific Coast Regular College of
Medicine. 818 Howard Bt., near Fourth.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought. Bold and repairing (ruaran-
tepd. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds b«ught, sold, rented, exchanped,. re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired ; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
p7KRC^Rol5oXpiT^to7asrinT^vTnT Coi ;
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713^.
WILSON" BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
ItF.KINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
TELEPHOXES,
TELEPHONES, house or private lines, $4 50 a
set; electrical work Installed. 1536 Pt. Lobos.
TO LEASE.
BLACKSMlTHToThorseshoers; will take It out
In trade; rent. $10 a month: corner Hearnc
nn<l Ninth. HOWARD H. HOOAN. 10» Pine.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
Bell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, E36 California; telephone Main 286.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. .
DIVIDEND Notice.— California Wine Abso-
¦ ciatloa— Dividend No. IS of sixty cents per
stare has been declared,' and is payable on
und after Monday. February 11. 1901. at the
Union Truet Company of San Francisco.
Stock books will close on Tuesday, February
S. 1901. at 3 o'clock p. m., up to which date
transfers of stock may be made at the Union
' Trust Company. By order of the Board of
Directors. -
HENRY VAN BETIGEN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 113 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company., will be payable at the office of
the company. S27 Market Bt., on and after
Friday, February J, 1901. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, January 26. 1901 at 12
o'clock m. ' E. H.. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Herman Cohn. 27, 110 Eddy street, and Sarah
B. Cameron, 17. 234,4 Twenty-first Ptreet
George W. Colby, 21, 1537 Octavia street, and
Bernlce J. Cantrell. 21, 1409 Van Ness avenue.
Jamei< W. Godman. 2S, Santa Rosa, and
Georgia Dennis, 13, Santa Rosa.
Ferdlnando Corrierl, 35, 1951 Market street,
and Antrlollna Menchlnl. 27, 616 Post street.
Daniel O. Hagel, 27, Vallejo, and Marie A-
Carrlllo, 16, Santa Rosa.
William- Nutley, 44, Marysvllle, and Mary
J. Mitchell. 81. city.
Balvatore Taranto, 25, 1581 Fifteenth street,
and Rosalia Scande, 18. 1554 .Howard street--
Anton F. Stander. 23. Hotel St. Nicholas,
and Violet Little. 2S, Hotel St. Nicholas.
Pietro Sorrentino, 27, 28 Water street, and
Lizzie Vanacola, 16. Tomalea.
Frank N. Burel, 24. Willows; and Dollle Sut-
ton. 20. Maxwell. ' ¦ '
BIRTHS— MABRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
BERTHELOT-In this city, January 24, 1901.
to the wife of Isidore L. Bsrthelot, a daugh-
ter.
BLACK— In this city, to the wife of William
Hiack, a son.
BQ'UTON— In this city, January 26, 1B01. to th»
wife of William E. Bouton, a daughter.
CASEY— In this city. January 25, 190L to the
wife of J. A. Casey. . a sen.
COLEMAN— In this city. January 21, 1901, to
the wife cf Harry Coleman, a son.
FAUDB-In this city. January' 19. 1901. to the
wife of George Faude, .a son.
HENNKPSY— In this city, January 21. 1901. to
the wife of. Thoma3 Hennessy, a son.
LORENX-In this city, January 26, 190L to
the wife of Gustaf Lorenz, a daughter.
MONNIBR— In this city, January 22, 1901, to
the wife of Georne H. Monnler. a son.
MUIJ^EN— In this. city, January 13. 1301, to the
wife of C. Hi Mullen, a daughter.
MURRAY— In this city, January 25. 190L to
the wife of Captain John D. Murray, a son.
MYERS— Jn this city. January 15. 1901. to tha
wife of .William Myers, a dauzhter.
RALPH-In this city, January a. 1901, to th«>
wife of Frank Ralph, a son.
STATIA— In Oakland. January 25. 1901, to the
wife of H. V. Statla. a daughter.
WOOD-In this city. January U. 1901, to the
wife of John R. Wood, a son. • ¦ •
MARRIED.
COLBY— CANTRELL-In this city, January 26.
1901, by the Rev, Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Georse Wilder Colby and Bernlce Josephine
Cantrell. both of Ban Francisco. . . . :
HARJES— IIENRICHS— In this city. January
23, 1P01. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, John
Harjes and Emma Henrichs.
LUND— BAKER— In this city. January 24. 1901,
¦ by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. Mathew E. Lund
of Sequel, Santa Cruz County, ¦ Cal., and
Clara II. Baker of San Francisco.
McDONALD-FURLONG-In this city, Janu-
ary .22, l»01. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. Alex-
ander R. McDonald and Annie F. Furlong.
DIED.
Bauer. Aueust '•' McDourall, Daniel
Beck. Mary • .McElroy. James A-
Benson. Henry E. McKerrow. Henry
Bllty, Theodore- McKevltt, Mary
Bobnick. John • McWllliams, Mary '
/Bode. Adolph C. Mayer, Ellen La T.
. Boman. Charles B. Mtlna.. Duncan W.
Broderlck. James J. Mullin. Lillian A.'
" Cohn. Benjamin ' Noakes. Cornelius F.
Crocker, Newel W. O'Brien. Hanns,.- ¦
; Dalton. Mary O'Connell. Michael F.
Denicke. Rudolf F.H. Quinn. Patrick
Generllchr Julius Ray. Albert
Glynn. Timothy . Sutro. Adelheld *
. Grannls. Col. Geo.W. Taylor. David W.
Haggrerty, George > Ticoulet. Louis* :
Haley. Morrfa • Tlerney. John C.
HUmer. Charles H.I.. Westerfeld. H. Jr.
Kvalvlff. Elizabeth ; Wllle. John. C.
. Lindner. Felix , " Wilson. Louisa
Lombardl Glovannlna Wood (Infant) V.
i£5i? n : Ja «es ¦- Zimmer. Margaxeth*
McCulloch. Dr. T. A. : •* .- .
BAUER— In -this" city, January 28. 1901,-'Aa-
- gust Bauer, beloved brother of Adolph. Henry
and the- late Carl Bauer, a native of Baden.
Germany, , a«ed 63 years 10 month* and 3
days.- - - ..' : . • t • ,
BBCK-In South Ban Francisco. January 26,
1901. , Mary Beck, dearly beloved wife ; of the
late Henry Beck, and beloved '¦ mother of.
Frederick. Henry Jr. and the late John Beck.
A well-developed conscience win make a
hero of almost any man.
Foulard Silks
. for the season of 1901
Our assortment of this season's ever popular summer fabric Is
unusually large, and embraces all the latest shades for spring and
summer wear, and the designs are exclusively our own. The
variety, finish and general excellence of these goods will maintain
our past reputation for carrying the best values of high grade silks
in San Francisco.
The qualities and designs which we are now showing at 75c»
85c, $1.00, $1.15 and $1.25 a yard have never been equaled in
this market; and by selecting your suit now you get the choice of
the complete assortment for 1901.
Odd Sizes in Corsets
Sacrificed prior t'o stock-taking."
Monday we will sell all sizes in 4, 5 and 6 hook, long-walsted
corsets at less than the cost of manufacturing, as we must close
them out before stock-taking.
Corsets reduced from $1^25, $1.50 and $1.75 to ;
75C a pair ' ...
Corsets reduced from $2.00, $2.50 and $2.75 to>
¦$I .OO a pair • !
Figured Velours
•' A large variety of artistic designs and beautiful colorings In
27-inch velours, suitable for cushion tops, mantel drapes, couch
and chair coverings at
6 £ C a yard
Linen Towels
An excellent quality of bleached all-linen huckaback and
damask towels, with either fringed or hemmed ends, at
15c each
The Last Week
This week ends the. sale of odd sizes in ladies and children's
underwear — great reductions have been made to close out the
entire lot of odd sizes before our annual stock taking February 2.
Write for our iUuatrated catalogue.
*~%>z —^
129 Kearny Street
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
UAkLAM) HOUSES TO LET.
$21 50— 7-ROOMBD modern cottage, nice loca-
tion, above Adeline station; handy to trains.
GEO. W. AUSTIN A CO.. The House Rent-
ers, 1008 Bread way, Oakland. .
OAKLAND LODGING-HOUSES.
JieOO^-A BNAP; private boarding and lodging
house; 2S rooms; completely furnished and
occupied; rent only J65; must be sold by Feb.
1; pays good income. Call or write
OEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
'. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE: FOH SALE.
AN Introduction to you frota H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin.' Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLARA.' 166. near Fifth— 2 furnished rooms for
housekeeping, J6.
ELLIS, 821— A newly furnished suite of S
rooms; housekeeping; $22 50; gas. .
FILLMORE, 2205— Housekeeping rooms; bright
r.nd sunny. ;¦ '
FIFTH, 35J— 3 ; furnished connecting house-
keeplng rooms. ->14; also single. H to $7.
FOURTEENTH, 21&— A large sunny front room
and connecting room; suitable "for house-
keeping^^ ' ' '
C1EAKY, 1012—4 furnished sunny housekeeping
rocms, with use of bath and telephone.
GLEN PARK ave.. 5. off 12th, nr. Mission-
Housekeeping rooms; 3 sunny, clean rooms;
bath and closet. *
GOLDEN GATE ave., SS4— One large room
partly furnished; |6; storage. *.
HAIGHT. 220— Sunny furnished alcove room
with or without small kitchen. .
HAYES. 837, nr. Fillmore— Elegantly furnished
housekeeping rooms. Call after 1 p. m.
HENRIETTA square, 7. off Eleventh St., be-
tween Howard and Folsom— 8 sunny com-
plete rooms; small storage; call after 12; $13.
HOWARD, 874— Nicely furnished room, with
use of kitchen; f2. '
LARKIN, 716-Sulte of furnished housekeeping
rooms; sunny; $11. - ' % . -
LARKIN 804 — Large sunny . back room, fur-
nlshed;'l or 2 persons; light housekeeping; %6.
LEAVENWORTH, 515— 2 or 3 rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping; sunny; reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 90»— Lovely three bay-window
rooms, bath, . coal stove, closet. IIS month;
' no children; private. *
MCALLISTER. 2000, cor. Central ave.— 2 sunny
rooms, furnished complete for housekpg. ; $6.
MINNA, 2S— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms; 76c and $1 per/ week,
MISSION. 1729^4. near Thirteenth— Two sunny
furnished housekpg. rooms; bath; laundry; $S.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Large furnished
bay window, mantel, Welsbach, kitchen op-
tional.
O'FARRELL, 543 — One large unfurnished house-
keeping room; furnished rooms for gentlemen.
POLK, 610—2 sunny front rms.; furnished; gas
range; grate; private family.
' POLK, 522— Desirable unfurnished and fur-
nished rooms.
SIXTH, 126 — Sunny rooms for light housekeep- •
ing^
SUTTEn. 578— Floor for housekeeping and
other rooms suitable for doctor or dentist.
•TURK. C13 — Two sunny furnished rooms, for
housekeeping, $12 per*month. \
CLASSIFIED advertisements an/ subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 1200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bas been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. arid Vnfnrn.
ARE you looking: for rooms, furnished or un-
furnished? .We have 500 choice rooms all over
city. Call and get list; no charge. S. F.
Room -Renting Bureau. r / >->m 2f4. 927 Market
st.: phone South 7C0; open Sunday.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.-B^st dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance: large rooms: modern ponvenlences:
r>>oms 50c up; first-class meals 23c; free conch.
>— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth-Rooms 25c
to $1 per night; $1 25 to JS per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
ALTON. 204 McAllister— Large sunny well fur-
nished front suite; suitable for 3 or 4 adults.
EDRNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1M4)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single: a' o unfurnished.
CLARA. 154»4— Large sunny front room suita-
ble for one or two gents.
"CLINTON." 17 Polk. nr. Mkt.— Finely furn.!
en suite, single; reasonable; hot, cold water.
FIRST, 31?— A large front bay-window, unfur-
nished, $5; also other rooms, furnished.
FOLSOM. 757A — Nicely furnished* rooms, single
or en suit». with bntli. gas and use of
kitchen; reasonable; no sign.
FOURTH, 1 149— New furnished sunny rooms
from $5 to $8. • .
FOURTH.' 225 — Nice room suitable for two; also
single; rent reasonable. t
KULTON. 635— Sunny furnishedf room by a
young German couple; terms reasonable.
GEARY. 405(The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 651— Furnished room in basement;
suitable for single man; rent $4.
GOLDEN GATE 'ave.. 717— Large sunny fur-
nished room; gas and bath; rent $8.
GOL'GH. 1613— A large nicely furnished front-
room, with hot and cold . water; very con-
venient for two gentlemen." • / •
! GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and MUfllnn sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
' single; ladies" parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GROVE. 518, bet. Octarvia and Laguna — Large
furnished room to let: rent $4.
GUERRERO. 215, near Fourteenth — Sunny
front alcove room.
HAYES, 469— Furnished front room to let
HOWARD. 761^4— Nicely furnished bay-window
. and other rooms; reasonable. ,
JESSIE, 363, nr. 6th and Market— Furnished
, room, $4 per month; housekeeping, $9.
JOHNSON House. 1233 Folsom St.. SE. cor.
Ninth — Nice sunny rooms; running water;
IS; quiet house; adults.
JONES, E13B— Sunny alcove front room; also
single: modern; newly furnished; rent rea-
sonable.
LAS PALMAS, 1820 Market st.— Suite of 2 or t
rms; private; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
LEWIS place. 18. off Taylor, near Post— Fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms to let; single
or en suite.
MARKET, 102"H—PIeasar.t front rooms; also
other rooms; terms reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 471— Sunny back parlor and
. large double room; bath and gas; reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 903Vfe— Larjre bay-window room;
gas, bath; grate; rent J9. ' . .
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— 'Newly furnished
bay-window mom; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market Bt.-Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished • rooms and
. offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. 274— Large sunny front room.
nicely furnished.
PINE, 2S14, near Broderick — Nicely furnished
sunny front room, with bath, $8.
POST, 627— Small room: very sunny; closet;
private family; « 25' per week.
KOSEErXLE House. 219-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 2tc to Si;, week. $125 to |4; open night.
HOYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per night. S5c to Jl 50; week. $! to
*S; month. JS to »30; elevator oh ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1611— Two sunny furnished
rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth st.J
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.'
SHOTWELL, 211— Three or four rooms; bath-
l^undpy : .
STEVENSON. 631V4B— Newly sunny furnished
rooms, double or single; very reasonable. ,
STOCKTON. 1307— Nice front furnished rooms
for housekeeping; rent cheap. :¦;-.>
BUNNY front rooms; nicely furnished; cen-
trally located. Box 1S43. Call office.
SUTTER. S20H— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms. $3: suites. $12 to S2S mo.
TAYLOR, 611 (Norwood)— Rooms -en suite .and
single; phone: hot and cold water; sunny.
TAYLOR, B15B— Sunny room, $6; double bay-
wlndow parlors, piano, grate, run'g water, $25.
V»'EIiSTER, 2319— Large sunny bay-window
room: gas; bath; no other . roomers.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fllimore st,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
cutscrlDtlons has been established at 1038
Valencia »t. ' .-¦ • ¦ -.;.,
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
- Call, 16 pages, ' sent to any address In the
United State* or Canada one. year for si.
POftaee paid. ;
REAL ESTATE COCXTRV — For Sale
A "ENAP" — Peculiar circumstances cause own-
er to sacrifice at half actual value 72^4 acres
• might subdivide) very best land and location
Jn the "lovely Napa Valley," adjoining R. R.
etation. near Napa City and steamer landing,
within free mall delivery: all highly cultivat-
«>d level loam, now in crop; not Inch of waste;
tinequaled for fruit, vines, corn, lovely home;
bas rented for $10 atae; offered for $60: could
not buy adjoining land for less than $150.
REMEMBER— I am accurately acquainted
with more country property for sale and ex-
change than all other agrents in S. F. : 3000
rsnebes on my Us*. £t«t2 what's wanted
and get reliable descriptions of bargains.
N. D. SICKEL.S. the La:id Apr?nt. C Geary st.
FARMS. VINEYARDS. GRAZING, LANDS,
FOR SALE BY
McAFEE BROTH EHS. 108 MONTGOMERY
ST.. SAX FRANCISCO.
Write or call for list of . * •
SAN MATEO RESIDENCES.
FARMS. CRAZING AND MAHSH LANDS.
ORANGES. LEMONS.
Buy a home in the orange and lemon colony of
Northern California; no srale:. no frosts:
abundance of »at»r tor Irrigation; in tracts
cf 5 acres and upward: also 40 acres bearing
orchard in this tract In sutjdivlsions to suit.
TO LET — A beautiful 4-room cottage, hard fin-
ished, with hall, barn, chicken house and
fine well of water; off the Han Leandro road;
M tr.inutrs to Oaklarrd and CO minuUs to S.
F. : to the ripM party, rer.t reasonable. In-
quire at SCi7 Filbert St.. San Francisco.
M. GRIKFIN, T19 Market, sells and exchanges
c.ty and country realty; printed lists; Sonoma,
Santa Clara, Shasta and ether ooun^es. ,
M. GRirFIN. 719 Market, sells and exchanges
city ar.d country realty; print'*! lists: Sonoma,
Scr.'.a Clara, Shasta and other counties.
FOR sale — Twenty-two acres of land: well set
in ¦ ifalffr ; in the creamer}' district; one mile
from Newman. Stanitiaus Co.. Cal. Address
MTU«. M. A. L.. 12O7A Hush si.. S. F.
$3750— CO ACRES ear.-iy soil: »» in orchard: good
house, barn anrl buildings for 1000 hens; a
map. J. W. HORN. Petaluma.
161 ACRES unimproved land, Marlposa Co.;
wood and water; on county road; title per-
fect. Box 1437. Call.
BARGAINS, in cnast counties, stock and fruit
ranch**. ANDREW PRICE & CO.. 30 Kearny
ft.. rT~>m 6.
fl500— NEAT hotel of 31 rooms, all full tbrtck
building*, in thriving town. Address box 4,
VUah. Cgl.
¦WRITE J. w. HORK. «2 Main. Petaiums, for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED — Sa.nd lots in part pay Tor house and
lot. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 64C Market st.
UL'AL tSSTATK To KXCHA.NUB.
FOR f«8.1«— » rJce cottages In Palo Alto foi
*a!e; will n*t &rj; always rented. Address
C:3:< Flft^nth Ft., city.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEUA REAL ESTATE.
tS'O— RARE opportunity; cottage 4 room* and
hath; near Kbool and station; terms $200
cash, balance J12 50 r>er month;- lot 17:6x125.
?;i r K) — Cottar* 4 rc-mF and bath; in good- con-
dition; near station; terms $200 cash, balance.
$^0 iK-r month; lot 37:6x100.
$ir*Xi — Within the average man's Income: cot-
tape 5 rooms "and bath; all street improvu-
rr.^r.t? done; near school and station; terms
$; r .O cash, balance same as rent; lot 33 l-3xlM.
j^-w — Absolute bargrain; In course of con-
nroctfoa; cottage of € rooms and bath; in best
residence section of Alameda; lot 40xK'0.
R-.rjrains in building lots and houses to let
In all raits of Alameda.
H. P. MORF-AL & CO..
1422 Park Et., Alameda, Cal.
BOOM IN REAL, ESTATE.
New is the time to buy.
• Tall and see utr, if you want to purchase
a house or lot.
FOR PALE.
A £ne building lot, 33x1(0; enly $43).
-\L.<O
1>"* D^lSn; fine location; $650.
$r,or» -
Buys a good 2-story f.-room house; large lot.
A 7-room colonial cottage; stable; west side
of sireot; must b<? sold; Fnsp; cost &5QQ.
V.'ill be cold fiv- jvy**; ea?y terms; 9 rooms
snd bath; int ECxCt; an el?sant residence.
ALAMKDA LAND COMPANY.
1W> Park Ft.. Alamoda, and 21 Post St.. S. F.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
HOUSES FOB RENT! "
P— A rooir.s and bath. Jit— S rooms.
Sl£— fi rooms, etc. $22—7 rooms.
K2— 7 rooir.s. etc. J2^— * rooms.
JCO — 12 rooms, etc. $"<»— * rooms, modern.
FOR SALE.
•nor— Cottage of 6 rooms. ,
J12C/ — House of 7 rooms.
$1?W — Ptore and I i vine roonu.
jr7OO— 7-room cottace; lot SOxlSO; Morton Sta.
EXCHANGE.
1G0 acres; Lak* i'ounty; living springs and
rmnjag water: pleat)' of timber: near school.
2iiO arr<"»; Jlendocino County: heavily tim-
bered: >: ri!;t< and running water.
20 acre?: all In choice fruit: Vacaville.
OiAS. ADAMS A ro.. Bay Fta.. Alameda.
fc-ro — OUAND inveFtm<>nt: 4 modern 2-ttory
houses: always rented; pays 10 jy»r cent net.
For la r^ains in Alamcrta property pee us".
F.r.rhansf-r. Houvs rrTitPd. Rents collect erl.
r.prn* Sundays. HAMMOND & . CONOER.
Panta <"lara ave.. near Park Ft., Alameda.
F.AN FRANCISCO r»s=idenre for exchange for
AlaTn*-<2a residence; is modern and contains
f Tor-vnr; well loratM. near principal car lin<\
uriii valued at $V*«: will t-xebane-e !or a resi-
dence near bathinjr beach. Alameda: mupt
have large lot and modern In every particu-
lar; rim; value or le<=«=. Address J. S. JOHN'-
FON. 7C7 Alice ft.. Oakland.
SUX*-TO close an estate; fine bulliingr corner
lot. 40xl0<"; bet. railroads: 2 blocks High
School; street work complete: bargain. See
owner. A. G. BURNS** 1501 Park St.. Alameda.
VEP.Y special t.anrainp; frrerlosure properties:
per.ulne snaps: enough paid, as I do not be-
lieve in extended ads. J. A- REMMEL, Bay
' PtaUon, Alameda.
BARGAINS for Investor*.
B&rgaJn* for hcmeceekerB.
H'>mM built on terms to suit.
Apply to O. R. DENKE. West Alameda
P.eal Estate Office. Webster st. and Cen-
tral ave.
IK you want cheap lots we have them— 33iW.
comer, !3fJ0, terms; I'xlO8 (J2M). J40 cash. $1*>
r»er raonth; offer wanted for choice new house
of 8 roomg. J. IT. YOT.'NG. Builder. 1243 Park.
A WEEK'S news for X, cents— The Weekly Call.
76 ragps. in wrappr, for mailing. %\ per year.
AI.A1IEDA nOOZWS AXD HOARD.
V.'E offer elegant euite of rooms and board In
eele<"t privste home In Alameda to refined
rcupl*; references required. Bos £63. Call.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
TIII3 Is our bargain day, and only one piece
like this will be sold; a fine corner 190x130.
with well, , windmill and tank of water, on
the sunny side of the street, and street work
done on (rontage; right In the heart of town,
and only J1500. ; . : ;i
To close an estate, S00 feet frontape. south-
ern exposure, in the very choicest part of tbe
town, only three blocks from university
grounds, half way -between two'-lines of electric
railroad, offered $29 a fc>ot less than adjoining
property, to make quick sal«; a thoroughly
good lc vestment; lose no time, for only one
person can buy it.
»*5C0— In th» love'y Daley Scenic Park Tract,
new house cf S rooms and bath, fine corner
lot, grand vie w, near President Wheeler's
house.
Apply to MASON ft IJcLENATHEN, ad-
JoiniR? postofflcc, Berkeley.
A MODEL, NEW HOME.
/ 125 per month. $200 cash down, JEOO In all;
a oozy new 2-stcry 6-room house with enamel
• bath, etc.; lot 49x130 (note the sire), with
sunny front and stone v.-alks; street work
ccmplete; electric cars In front; handy ¦ to
local etation; a bank eal» r.r.d a snap; the
terms of payment fire of secondary, consid-
eration with res;>onslfc;e purchaser. Call or
write GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., The House
Renters. 1CCS Broadway. Oakland.
$100 CASH. $23 ner month, buys this elepant
new bungalow cottage, S rooms, bath, large
ball, fine mantel, latest sanitary plumbing,
tinted walls, r-tc; lot 45x120; on car line
and close to Elation: price JI000. H. D. IU-
WIN. railroad waiting room. Lorln station.
$1S5O— 1100 CASH, balance like rent; see these
new modern cotfaues. 6 rooms and bath each;
high basements; hot and cold water; lots 49
xlOO. II. U. IRU'IN. Lorln Etation.
MODERN up to date homes at moderate cost;
Bee the new 5 and C rotm houses we are now
building; select on« already under way or
have us build to your own plan; best loca-
tion Jn . South Berkeley district; IS houses 1
Just finishing: sll cold but two. . H. D. IR-
WIN. railroad waiting room. Lorln etation.
FOR bargains in Berkeley or Oakland proper-
ty aee R. J. MONTGOMERY, room 3 fonrtli
floor. Mills building, San Francisco, or 48<
Ninth St.. ¦ Oakland. ¦ , j
CHEAPEST and. best in America— The Weekly-
Call 18 paces, sent to any address In the
United State* cr Canada one year for |1,
pestace paid. ...
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
PRDITVALB KKAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
The Home Building Company has removed Its
office to south side of railroad track- on Frult-
vale ave.
?600— House of 4 rooms. 1 block from Frultvale
ave.: H mile to Etation; J1D0 cash,' balance
17 j>er month; Just like rent. >
$900— House of 5 rooms;- "new"; lot 45x145;
chicken houses; terms to suit.
$1200 — 1 acre; 2 good houses; chicken houses; fin*
well; clear water; elegant view; this Is a
bargain.
tCOO— House of 4 rooms; lot 6OxS0; rood pump.
$1500— Modern 5-room house; hardwood' mantel:
bath and high basement; chicken houses;
- 2 blocks from station; good sidewalk.
$1600— House of 8 rooms; bath; large lot; near
station; we will loan you the money to
buy this place. . *
$800— Nice home; 8 rooms; bath; large stable:
several chicken houses; city water; lot
50x150; terms to suit.
tJOOO— Modern 2-story house; 6 large sunny
rooms and bath; mantel; stationary wash
tubs; closet In every room; 1 block from
.station.
Houses of all kinds for rent. Remember this
addiPFs. . ' .--.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
South Side of Railroad Track,
Frultvale avenue.
W. E. RUDELL. Frultvale. Cal. •
PLEITNER HEIGHTS TRACT.
Cheapest Ixrts in Frultvale.
Half-acres and Acres.
Lots $75 and upward: only $25 down, re-
mainder $5 monthly. This property possesses
rreat attraction for residence uses, as it com-
mands an extensive view of the beautiful
scenery all around, with the best of soil for
gardening planted with bearing' fruit trees,
while the climate Is genial, being .In the
famed thermal warm belt, free from fog. For
particulars, see owner.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station. Cal.
JGOO— COTTAGE of u rooms, chicken-house and
yard, city water: one block from electric cars.
$S50— Cozy cottage of 3 rooms and bath, hi*h
basement and hrlck foundation, good well,
windmill and tank, stable, shed; 18 fruit
trees; lot 75x100. all fenced.
{1100 — $100 each, balance same as rent; mod-
ern cottage of 5 rooms and bath, basement,
etc.: lat 50x146: must be Fold; an opportunity
worth investigating.
Chicken ranch of 2*fc acres; good house of
4 rooms; barn; ten chicken-houses; good well,
windmill and tank; for rent at $12 per month.
Stock and fixtures for sale, consisting of
425 chickens: large brooder house; 2 Incuba-
tors. 9 chicken coops, fencing, etc.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruttvale Station. Cat.
H. W. DAVIS. Real Estate and Loans.
Choice lots near station. $125. $150. $176, $200;
newer and city water; clean title with every
lot; terms easy; best lots In Frultvale for a
home or an Investment. See H. W. DAVIS,
Owner, Frultvale ave., 1 block from station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— HIS BKOAUWAY.
OAKLAND KBAL ESTATE.
A SACRIFICE In bank properties. Why pay
rent? when we can sell you a house and lot
on your own terms.
$:C'.«.i — 13x100; 5 rooms and bath, barn; $200
cash, balance to suit. •
tf50— 2."xl00; 4 rooms, bath; between Tele-
graph and Grove sts.; rented.
J500— ICOxUl: house 4 rooms; brick foundation;
city water; chicken house; near public
school; walking distance cars; llrst
come, llrst served.
$750—25x1^; 6 rooms; 1 block from Alameda
electric road; 3 minutes to depot.
$12,000— Tf.xl'ju; right In the heart of town; two
standing offers of $11,000; this is a bar-
gain.
$36.000— £>0x75; 2-stcry building; 3 stores, room-
Ing hous-e of 42 room*; building insured
for $10,000; finest business property in
Or.klu.ml: near Ftation; this is a good
Investment; income from $300 to $400
a month.
$2T$0— i'lxlw; huuse 6 rooms and bath; rented;
2 blocks to Broadway, on Ninth st.
$6E0O— 100x125; 5 ani C rooms, bath, each; rents .
J"4 aicnth; closing an estate. . |
J425O-?0slCO; 2-btory Hat; north fide of street; '
o and 6 rooms, bath, «-ach; rents $33
month; cost $C300; half cash, balance
mortgage; Investors investigate.
$4000 — 74xliu; 2 cottafces o rooms and bath.
Telegraph and Broadway; a. minutes'
walk to narrow cause; this is a bar-
gain.
$20,000 — Two stores, 3 flats and 2 houses of ?
flats each; centrally located; rents $154
memh; insurance $9(00; this will stand
ln\estipatfon.
, $1000— Three cottages, near station; must sell
this week.
Carriages always ready to show thle property.
Call early and get your choice of these bar-
gains. " B. M. DODGE &. SON.
1160 Broadway. Oakland.
A CHOICE LIST: OWNERS FORCING SALES.
$3500 — Linda VlEta; beautiful, modern, 7-room
hoiiie; mortgage $2300; contractor must have
money.
I12."X'<f— Fine Lakeside district residence;
owner muyt sell; take good home part payment.
$18,CC"— Tost $n,CC0; the finest reeldence buy
ever offered in Oakland; superb location.
&. r 0— Fnap; North Oakland; cottage 4' rooms,
bath, basement; new windmill, tank;- lot bOx
1C:».
$2250— Five minutes' walk Broadway and
Fourteenth St.; n«>at cottage, .6 rooms; rents
$j;i>: mortgage jlKO; bargain.
$M. V)— New Dutch colonial; 4 rooms; porcelain
bath: mantel; bonk mortgage. $1200; near Han
I'ablo ave.
41150— Foreclosure; bargain; near Clinton eta-
tion; neat cottage, a rooms, bath; must sell.
$2iOO — Com T2500; foreclosure: comfortable 7-
•r.M.m cottage: elesant lot. £0xl6S; fine location;
between Grcve et. and Telegraph ave.; must
sacrifice: E£ap.
liTaO— Lakeside district; fine, new, modern 5-
rex-m hume; never before offered.
J1750 — Architect's cozy home; new; 2-story:
6 rooms; yorcelain bath; gas; mantel; choicely
situated near Telegraph ave.; must sell; to see
Is to buy.
Call or -write for Information.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO
Cffice-BaleBroom, 450-462 Eighth st, Oakland.
$100 DOWN.
To the Risrht Party.
'Brand new 6-roomed cottage, bath, hall, slid-
ing doors, big living room; 1 block, from
Grove St.; nice in every way; total only $1S5O;
easy payments.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
The House Renters,
100$ Droadway, Oakland.
$20 MONTHLY, INCLUDING INTEREST— 520.
Brand New "Bungalow" Cottage.
Six Rooms— Six Kooms. . I
$300 down; north corner: handy to cars; lot
SSxlOO; both etreets improved; sun all day;
a perfect little gem of a place; 6 rooms, hall,
large porch, porcelain bath, tiling around
Blr.k; open plumbing and every possible mod-
ern convenience; words can't describe it; must
be seen. Call or write at once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN-* CO..
• The House Renters,
1008 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$2250— PRESENT cash value $3000; a new Swiss
chateau; sunny exposure; large lot; 5 rooms
¦ and bath; open plumbing: unique design and
beautifully arranged; space will not permit
of extolling Its charming qualities; 6 min-
utes' walk to Fourteenth and Broadway;
close to cars, schools, etc ; seeing Is be-
lieving; call early. See J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$2300— CHEAP for $3500; new Dutch bungalow
cottage with the latest Ideas In architec-
tural design and finish ; Interior finish and
decorations; beautiful; lot 38x120; close to
business center, schools, cars and local
trains to San Francisco; terms, $300 cash;
offered at these terms and price for one
week only; withdrawn If not sold within. (the
time; first come first served. See J.f S.
MYERS & CO., 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$*500 — FOR a $10,000 property; large corner lot;
10-room ftouse; near business center and lo-
cal trains; jiosltlvHya great bargala; space
will not permit extolling Its. good qualities.
If a No. 1 house and a bargain Is wanted
in a first-class neighborhood call early; see-
Ing Is believing. J. S. MYERS & CO.. 1002
Broadway, Oakland.
$490 CASH, $7 60 monthly till paid for; cottage
of 5 rooms and bath; I large barn, chicken
house and run; fruit trees and shrubbery; a
nice, cozy home in the right spot, being
healthful; 2 fine lots, 150 feet deep: picket
fence; city water and sewer; near a model
schoolhouse and electric cars; nice neigh-
borhood; sandy loam soil; view something
grand; away from cold winds and fog; ad-
joining East Oakland; call or send for circu-
lar for cheap lots' or acreage. 455 Seventh
St., Oakland, Broadway station. Carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
Oil/ Iand : (deeded* land); best well-known
land,' $23 per acre. See C. K. KING, 952
Broadway, Oakland.
6 1-3-ACRE chicken ranch: Walnut- Creek, Con-
tra Costa County: all tools, stock and chick-
ens, $1800. C. K. KING, 952 Broadway.
603 ACRES, Contra Costa County: elegant
general ranch .or stock ranch; fins house. C.
K. KING. 952 Broadway. Oakland.
PARTNER WANTED— A reliable man with
energy and $1000 cash, or ' part equivalent,
can secure one-half Interest in a money-mak-
ing occupation for life in an established
manufacturing and contracting business; le-
gitimate and healthful; convincing evidence
as to merit furnished by ALDEN & CO .
1118 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
COAL LANDS FOR SALE. ' '.
. Oil' lands for sale. 30-page catalogue, of
• homes. Send or. call for what you want
Jn land or homes In California, E E
BUNCE. 953 Broadway. Oakland.
FRUITVALE, two blocks from local; two-
story bouse, 6 rooms; all modern; lot 37:6x
130; $400 ca«h. balance $1000 on mortgage In
bank. SALSBURY, Notary, 458.9th, Oakland.
a native f of - Schleswt*-Holst«ln, Germany,
a»ed E7 years 10 months and 23 days. i \
CCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, . from her late resl-
• dence, -1837 Twenty-ninth avenue i south, be-
tween N and- P streets south. South San
Francisco." Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery. . - .¦ ~ -••,.:-- -'
BENSON— In this city, January 25, 1801, Henry
Elmer. Infant eon of Frank. D. and Kittle
Benson. ' ¦ ' :.\
BILTY— In Sacramento, January 24. 1901, Theo-
dore Bllty, beloved father of Mrs. J. W:
Harrison. Mrs. . J: F.> David. Mrs. T. Goff
and S. A. Douglas 'Bllty. a native of West-
5>halla, Germany, aged 75 years' 10 months
and -4. days. ¦ (Rochester, N. Y., Cleveland,
Ohio, and Milwaukee papers please copy.) V
' • (E^Frlends a nd acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Beaudry &¦ McAvoy, 873 Washing-
ton street, Oakland. ; Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.'. • ¦ , N
BOBNICK— In this. - city, December 25, 1900.
John Bobnick, a native of Germany, aged
48 £ears. ' ,• .
BODE— In Oakland, January 23, 1901, Adolph
Christian, dearly beloved son of Henry C.
W. and Dora Bode. - and brother of Henry,
• Dora, Carl. Henrietta. Freddy and Eddie
Bode, a native, of .Oakland, aged 10 years 11
months and 29 days,-
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1: o'clock, from the residence of
¦ his parents. Ho" Fifth street, between Center
and Chester streets. Oakland. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery. ,.
BOMAN — In Oakland. January 24. 1501,
Charles E. Boman, beloved brother of Miss
Olca C. Boman, a native ' of . Finland, aged
69 years 3 months and 28 days.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 2207 .Adeline street. Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
BRODERICK— In Sausalito. • January 2«. 1901.
James J., beloved Don of Mary and the late
John Brodenck, a. native of San Francisco,
aied 26 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are rescect-
fiilly' Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, Sausalito, thence to St. Mary's
.Church, where a aolema requiem moss will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment at
Sp.usallto.
COHN— In this city. January. 25. 1901. Benja-
min, beloved husband of Sarah Cohn, and
father of Isldor, Eddy. Annie. Julius and
Moses Cohn. a native of Poland; aged 35
years. A member of Chevra Kofe Chollm;
Washington Lodge No. CO. United Order
Workmen: Oshonee: Tribe No. 7S; I. O. R> M. ;
Mcunt Zion Hospital:. Pacific Hebrew Or-
phan Asylum; First Hebrew Benevolent So-
ciety and California Lodge No. 166, O. B.- A.
ICTFrlends, members and acquaintances are
respectfully invited to attend the funeral thN
day (Sunday).- at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 72SH Howard street. Interment
Salem Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend ¦ streets. Please omit
flowers.
CROCKER-In this city. January 26. 1901,
Newel W» Crocker, a native of Dubuque.
Iowa.
D.ALTON— In this city. January 25, 1901, Mary
Dalton, beloved daughter of John and Helen
Dalton, and sister of Georee Dalton. a na-
tive of San Francisco, axed 15 years and 25
days.
DENICKB-In this city, January 23, 1901. Ru-
dolf F. Herman Denicke, dearly beloved hus-
band of Dora,. Denicke, a native of Hanover.
Germany, aged 43 years . and 5 months. A
mi-mber of the German Krieger Verein, Han-
noveraner-Vereln and Beer Drivers' Benevo-
lent Association.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the' funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from B'nal B'rlth
Hall, 111 Eddy street, where funeral ser-
vices will be held under the auspices of the
German Krieger Verein. Cremation I. O. O.
F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers. Remains
at the pnrlors of H. P. Petersen & Co.. 228
McAllister street.
GENERLICH— In Alameda. January 25, 1901.
Julius. Generllch, beloved husband of WU-
helmine Geticrlich. a ' native of Germany,
aged 68 years 1 month and 9 days.
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the.
j residence, 1327 Versailles avenue. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
GLYNN— In this city. January 25. 1901, at 280
\Dora street. Timothy, beloved hUsband of
Kate Glynn, a native of Ireland, aced 65
years.
E7" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at, 10:30
o'clock, from the parlors of N. Gray & Co.,
641 Sacramento street. Interment Holy Cross
. Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock tra4n.
GRANNISS— In this city, January 26, 1901. Col-
onel George W. Grannlss. beloved husband of
Elizabeth I. Granniss. and father of Mrs.
Alexander Center, a native of New Haven.
Conn., aged 75 years 8 months and 9 days.
Cr Notice of funeral will appear later.
HAGGERTY— In this city. January 25, 1901,
•George Haggerty, a native of. Ireland, aged
78 j-ears.
HALEY — In this city. January 26. 1901. Morris,
husband of Mary Haley, and father of John.
Robert. Nellie, Thomas, William, Henry and
May Haley, a native of Ireland, aeed C2
years. (Springfield, . Mass., papers please
copy.) , •
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1024 Page street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be- celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Croes Cemetery.
HILMER— In this city. January 25. 1901. at his
residence. 51OB Fulton street. Charles Henry
Ludwlg, dearly beloved husband of Barbara
Hiltr.er, beloved father of Kate L., Ro*alij
M., Charles Henry Jr.. William A., Frank
E., Fred L.. Emma H. and Louis O. Hllmer.
and brother of -Fred Hllmer of Bremen. Ger-
many, Louis Hllmer of Petaluma. Cal., the
Rev. Herman HUmer of Hanover, Germany,
and Louisa Rothkoppf of Burghdorf. Ger-
many, a native of ' Burghdorf . Germany, aged
69 years and 10 days. A member of Madera
Lodge No. 279. A. O. U. W." (Lo« Angeles.
Anaheim and Medera papers pleasa copy.)
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
January 29. at — o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 610B Fulton street, between Octavia
and Laguna, thence to St. Boniface's Church,
Golden Gate avenue, between Jones - anl
I^eavenworth streets, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing; at — o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
KVALVIG— In Oakland, January 26, 1901, Eliza-
beth Kvalvig. a native of Norway, aged 36
years 8 months and 4 days.
LINDNER — In this • city, January 26, 1901.
Felix, beloved son of Julius and Cella LJnd-
ner, and brother of Henry. Dave, Mose, Min-
nie and Blanche Lindner, a native of San
. Francisco, aged 20 years and 6 . months.
LOMBARDI— In "West Berkeley. January 25.
1901, Glovannlna, dearly beloved wife of >he
late Cherubio Lombard!, and dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. J. M. Semeria and Mrs. A.
O. Mitchell, a native of Alrolo. Switzerland,
aged 60 years and 1 month.
C7" Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the French
Church of Notre Dame des Vlctolrea. Bush
street, between Dupont and Stockton, where
services will be held. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LYDON-In the City and County Hospital.
January 26. 1901. James Lydon. a native of
Maine, aced 39 years.
McCULLOCH — In this city, January 25, 1901.
Dr. Thomas Adam McCulloch. beloved son
of Mary and the late John McCulloch, & na-
tive cf San Francisco.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Suhday). at 1 o'clock.- from hl3 late resi-
dence. S6 Webster street. " - »
McDOUGALL— In this city, January 26. 1901.
Daniel McDouzall. beloved husband of Mary
E McDougall. and only son of Jane and the
late Daniel McDougall. a native of Scotland,
aged M> years 4 months and 26 days.
[ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at "2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2009 O'Farrell street. Interment Lau-
rel HU1 V Cemetery. ..
McELROY— In Alameda, January 25,. 1901. at
the residence of'.hii sister. Mrs. William
Short, James A., dearly beloved son of Alice
and the late James McElroy, and beloved
brother of Mrs.- M. Sullivan. Mrs. A. Corr.
Mrs W. Short, Mrs. J. Donovan and John.
William. Edward and George McElroy. a
native ~of Charlestown. Mass., aged 36. years.
ICT'The funpral - will take place to-morrow
- (Monday), at -10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister, Mra. James Donovan, 66
Elliott Park, off'. Steiner street, between
O'Farrell and Geary, thence to St. Dominic's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
1 Cemetery. . • . .. ¦ ¦ ¦
McKERROW — In Talomares Canyon, near
Haywards, January 25, 1901. Henry, dearly
beloved husband of Marie L. McKerrow. a
native of Ayrshire, Scotland., aged 63 years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tq attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, at All
Saints' Catholic Church. Haywards. Inter-
ment Catholic Cemetery. Haywards. ,
McKEVITT— In this city. January 25. 1901.
Mar)', dearly beloved wife of the lat» James
McKevltt, devoted mother of Edward. Alice
and Lizzie McKevltt, and eldest daughter of
- Eugene Dalton, a native of Lewlston. -Me.
(Lewlston. M»., and Rhode Island papers
please copy.) ' . •
|jy Friends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
-(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1S27 Webster street, thence to St.
Dominions Church, corner Bush and 8telner
streets, where at 9 o'clock a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul. Interment Mount Calvary Cetne-
• tery. • ¦.*¦.¦
McWILLIAMS^ — In South San Francisco. Janu-
ary 26. ¦ 1901, Mary McWllliams. beloved wife
! of the late ; . Michael Me Williams, beloved
, xnother of Thomas.; James and the late Mich-
¦ ael McWllliams Jr. and Mrs. Thomas Park-
inson, and sister of Mrs. Rosanna Baldwin, a
native of Kings County, Ireland, aged 83
years. (Quebec, Canada, papers please copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1538 Twelfth avenue south, between
M and L streets tooth. South San Francisco,
thence to All Hallows' Church, where- a sol*
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
' the reeosa of her soul, commencing- at 10
o'clock.' Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MAYER— In this city. January 26, 1901. Ellen
La Tourrette. beloved wife of Samuel V.
Mayer, a native of New Tork City.
- C7"Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Monday), at 11:30 o'clock, at the parlors of
the HoteJ Bella Vista, corner Pine and Ta>-
/ lor • streets. Interment private. Mountain
I View Cemetery. Oakland.
M « LN 5r In Y. alle J°.' January 28. D01. Duncan
W. Milne, husband of Annie M. Milne, and
. father of Stella and Duncan W. Milne Jr
„ By Will be buried to-morrow (Monday), at
; 10:20 o'clock, from Holly Park Presbyterian
Church, San Francisco, ftitenaent Cypres3
Lawn Cemetery. |
MULLIN— In this -city, January 23. 1901. Lil-
lian Agnes, dearly beloved daughter or Mar-
garet E. and the late' D. A. Mullin. and
• granddaughter of Mrs. Mary Farrell and
Mrs. B. Donovan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 years 11 months and 6 days.
EyThe funeral trill take place this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 9'clock. Interment pri-
vate. Holy Croes Cemetery.
NOAKES— In this city. January 24. 1301. at his
residence, 1 Simpson place. Cornelius Fran-
cis, beloved son of James G. and Johanna
Noakes, brother of William, John, James
and Sarah Noakes -and Mrs. Aleck Keegan.
stepbrother of Mrs. James Christensen and
Tho-Mas Fitzgerald, and nephew of John and
Mar> Watson, a native of Contra Co«r«.
County, aged 24 years 7 months and 11 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the Catholic
Church. Antioch. Remains will be taken on
the 7:20 o'clock Santa Fe boat.
O'BRIEN— In this city. January 2«. 1501.
Hanna O'Brien, beloved sister of Mrs. Cath-
erine Deasy. a native of County Cork. Ire-
land, aged 62 years. . .
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister. 337 Fifth street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where" a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. • Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
O'CONNELL— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, January 25. 1901, Mlchatl F. O'Connell.
. a native of Ireland. a«ed 64 years.
QUINN— In this city. January V. 1901. Pat-
rick-, husband of the late Mary Qulnn. and
father of James Qulnn. a native of County
Wexford, Ireland, aged 61 years.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 787 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the reoos« of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment . at Virginia City. Nev..
•by 6 p. m. train. .,,<••-.
RAT— In this city, January IS. 1901. . Albert,
beloved son of Llllle and the late John Ray.
a native of San Francisco, aged 6 years 7
months and 22 days.
SUTRO— In this city. January 25. 1901, Adel-
. held, widow of Emll Sutro. and beloved
mother of Gust&v, Alfred. Oscar and Anna
Sutro. a native of Altona. Germany, aged
61 y «ars 5 months and 11 days.
E^Frlends are. respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow- (Monday), at 10
o'clock, from her late residence. 1935 Jack-
- son street. Cremation at Oid Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
TAYLOR— In th» City and 'County Hospital.
January 26. 1901. David W. Taylor, a native
of New York, aged 53 years.
TICOULET— In this olty. January 2S. 1901.
Louise Ticoulet. beloved wife of Bernard
Ticoulet, mother of Mrs. Bertha Bruce and
Alice and Georee Ticoulet, and grandmother
of Kera Margaret Bruce, a native of Switz-
erland, axed 47 years.
EX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. SIT Post street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. «
ROBIN HOOD Circle No. 88. C. of K. of A.—
The officers and members of this circle are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
late beloved, treasurer. Mrs. L. Ticoulet. to
tak» place this day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock,
from her late residence. 817 Ppst street. By
order. LIZZIE VON PUTTKAMER. C. C.
MAMIE SCHOEN. F. S.
TIERNEY— In Grass Valley. January 28. 1901.
John C. dearly beloved husband of Mary A.
Tlerney. and father of William. John.
Themes, Edward and the late James Tlerney I
of Grass Valley, Mrs. T. Hudelson and Mrs.
W. D. Paynter of Grass Valley and Mrs. B.
Donnelly and Mrs. P. Donnelly of San Fran-
cisco.
WESTERFELD— In this city. January 25. 1901.
Herman Westerfeld Jr., son of Mr. and Mrs.
Herman Westerfeld. a native of San Fran-
•Cisco.
"WJLLE — In Mount Eden. Alameda County.
January 2.5. 1901. John C. Wllle. beloved hus-
band of the late Maria Wllle. a native of
¦ Wurgassen, Westphalia, Germany, ased 73
years 2 months and 15 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Union Church,
Mount Eden. Interment Mount Eden Ceme-
- tery.
"WILSON— In this city. January 25. 1901, Lou-
isa, wife of Ezeklel Wilson, a native of Ver-
' mont. aged 84 years.
CTFuneral to-morrow (Monday), at 1
o'clock, from her late residence, corner Point i
. Lobo« and Fourteenth avenues. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. • Friends and acquaint-
ances are invited to attend.
WOOD— In this city. January 24. 1901. Infant
son of John R. and Ada M. Wood.
ZIMMER— In Lorln. Berkeley,- January 24. 1901.
Manrarethe. beloved, wife of the late Chris-
topher Zimmer, moUier of Mrs. K. Rttter
and Jchn and Louise Zimmer. and grand-
mother of John. Edward. Gustave and Louis
Kilter and Louise. Christopher. Katie, Edna.
Johnny and Johanna Zimmer. a native of
Nleder Weisel, Hessen-Darmstadt, Germany,
aged 73 yean and 4- months.
C^Friends .and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 15S7 Alcatrai avenue, between Calais
and Lowell streets, Lorln. Berkeley, thence
by 2 o'clock creek route boat to San Fran-
cisco. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HENRY Ji 'GALL AGH ER CO.
' - (Succssaor 10 Flannaran St Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mct.™
BVNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERA
SO Firth at., . opposite Llacola School, -v?
5 j-~- ..,.«.-¦-. . , Xgieplion« Soutk SO. S. , ' . SATUBDAT. Jaa.'28.-ia nu
Bid. Ask. I '1 ," Bid Ask.
Alpha 03 OS Justlc* ......... C« 07
Alta 03 05 Kentuck ....... 01 02
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
Morning Session. ¦ ..
1500 Andes — 09,, 500 Crown- Point V)
300 Best & Belcher 25. 309 Mwclcan .. 29
10O Caledonia 65" STO Savage j.«
100 Caledonia M 80O Silver Hill . 54
1100 Con Cal & Va.l 55 200 Utah ..; '. 03
The following were the sales In the Paciflc
Stock Exchange yesterday:
300 Andes .......... 10 COO Mexican 28
WO Belcher 0« 300 Ophir 6»
ICO Best & Belcher 2J 200 Savage 17
600 Best & Belcher !» 200 Silver HitI ... 50
S5->Con Cal & Va.l 55 400 Stiver Hill ... st
1W) Crown Point... 031 100 Yellow Jacket, li
Morning Session.
The following- were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange board yester
day:
MINING STOCKS
Beans and Seeds.
Beans : still rui' along without change.: whlta
All descriptions under this head remain aa
previously quoted. .
BRAN— $15@16 per ton. . •
MIDDLINGS-J16 60©19 60 per ton. <• ¦
FEEDSTCFFS — Rolled Barley. «««17. per
ten; Oilcake Meal, at the mill. t2ZTi2S; jobbing
l-i" 50; Cbcoanut Cake, J17@18; Corn Meal $25
«T2S 50; Cracked Corn. »25 50@26: Mixed Feed
$15«16. - . ..." ,
HAY— Volunteer. $5BS: Wheat. $llf?i3 r,0;
Wheat and Oat, - $10(gl2 50; Oat. $9SU60-
Clover, nominal: Airalfa, $S@» 60;' Barley, - $7 50
09 50 per ton. - ; .* - • '• ¦- ¦ "•
6TRAW-35«47Hc per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras,' |3 259
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. t3 1£®3 25
Oregon, » 75®2 85 per barrel for family and
J2 7&@3 for bakera' ; Washington, bakers', $2 73
©3. :
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces in sacks are as fol
lows, usual ; discount to the trade: ; Graham
Flour. 53 per 1Q0 lbs; Rye Flour. J2 75- R ye
Meal, J2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, J» 75
extra cream do. 13 50: Oat Groats, $150; Hom
iny. 13 S0@3 75: Buckwheat Flour, tint 23-
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. *3 25: Rolled. Oats (barrels) jsa;
7 25; In" sacks. $5 75®7: Pearl Barley. J5; Kullt
Peas, J5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millsttiffs.
CALL BOARD SALES. ,
Informal Session— 9:1S o'clock— No sales,
fiecond Session— No sales.-
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls, 73iic
OATS— There is nothing new to rpport. the
market being firmly held and quiet. White,
$13OS150; Surprise, nominal: Red, $1 2S(fn «
for Feed and $1 334?l 45 for Seed: Gray, nominal-
Black, for Feed. $1 17HS1 20; for Seed, Jl 25®
1 80 per ctl.
CORN— The market Is dull but steadily held
Yellow, $1 15; White. Jl 15; Eastern mixed."
$1 12Vi per ctl.
BYE— Sa^S'Hc per ctl. -
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at Jl 85 per ctl.
BARLEY— The market rules firm at previous
prices, with light offerings and a very good de
mand. • '
Feed, 76Uc for choice bright. 73*i©75c for No.
1 and 70®72^c for off grades: Brewing and
Shipping grades. SOSS2V4c; Chevalier, nominal.
Regular Morning Session— May— 14.C0O ctls,
U OS: -4000, $I05V». December— «0«0. *1CST4: SCOO.
$1 09.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales. •
Second Session— May— MOO ctls, »l 0t%. De
cember— 4000, $109-
CALL BOARD SALES
WHEAT-Liverpool. Paris and New York
were all slightly higher. Chicago was firm,
with considerable realizing: at the advance.
Cables, however, were not up to the Chicago
advance. The Enslifh and French markets
¦were quiet. Otherwise there' was nothlns'new.
This market was dull and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shippfag, 9S*ie; milling, Jlgl 05
per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — *, 4 S8V»
Sterling Cables — 4 89»4
New York Exchange. • sight — J7\j
N>vr York Ftchanse. teleirraphlc — ??ij
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50H @ 51
Mexican Dollars, nominal on;, *j ol
Exchange and Bullion.
EVAPORATED A PPLES— Qxj let. unchanged
Btate common. 3%'84*«c; prime, 6®594c; choice
iihifi6c: fancy, 6&7c.
California dried fruits, Inactive.
PRUNES-3USSHC.
APRICOTS— Royal. 7«4S12c: Moorpark. 8U@
PEACHES— Peeled, 14018.3: unpeeled, 6HS10c.
DRIED FRUIT.
KETW YORK, Jan. 26.— FLOUR— Receipts. 14,
259 barrels; exports, 3364 barrels. Quiet but
held at an advance on the strength of wheat.
Minnesota patents." J3 50® 4 10; do. bakers. J2@
3 25; winter patents,. {3 65@4: winter straights
|3 40@3 50; winter extras, ?2 50#2 S5; do low
grades, $2 45@2 60.
WHEAT — Receipts, 47,700 bushels; exports,
T2.172 bushels; strong. \ No. 2 red," S2Vic f. 6. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, SOHc elevator; Xo. 2, North
ern Duluth, 88H0 f. a b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth. 8l' T c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
steady and worked into positive' strength on a
further scare "cf shorts impelled by. hlghsr
cables and unfavorable crop reports from In
dia. They finally eased oft a trifle under realiz
ing, but . still closed firm at He net advance.
January closed Sl?»c: March, 81HS81Tic, closed
SISc; July, 81«4gSl»4c, closed 81Hc
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice. 1900
crop. 16.321c; Paciflc Coast. 1S0O crop. 15fel9c
HIDES— Firm; Galveston. l?',i@19c; Califor
nia, 19c: Texas, 15c.
WOOL— Dull; domestic fleece, 24226c; Texaa
dry. 15©17e.
COFFEE— Spot, barely, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
7c: mild, dull: -Cordova, 8!SJ12Hc- . Futures
closed unchanged to 5 points lower. Total sales,
£7£0 bags, Including: January. $5 45: May, $5 55-
July. $5 65: August, $5 70: October, $5 75.
SUGAR— Raw, 'quiet: fair refining. 3^c: cen
trifugal. ?6 test. :4>. 4 c: molasses sugar, 3 We Re
fined—Quiet. Xo. 6, 4. SSc; No. 7, 4.85c; No 8
4.75c: No. S. 4.70c: No. 10, 4.6Gc: No. 11, 4 60c'-
No. 12, 4.55c: No. 13. 4.55c; No. 14. 4.50c Standl
ard A. 5.30c; confectioners' A. 5.30c; mold A
5.55c; cutloaf, 6.00c; crushed, 6.00c; powdered'
5-COc; granulated, 5.60c.
P.UTTER— Receipts, 2441 packages; steady:
creamery. 16^220; June creamer}'. 13{?20c fac
tory, ll@l4c.
EGOS — Receipts, 4031 packages; easier: West
ern average packing at mark, lS.g2Oc; Western
loss off, 2<Htc. i
ICEw YORK. Jan. 2*. — The stock market
rr.an!f<a^«l <^nly a lang-uH dlspofition to re
epend to the very active and bold manipula
tion tn whi^Ti it vat subjected to-day until
the a-prearanc* of the bank statement. 1m
in»iiately upen the appearance of the state
ment upon the tape the market became ani
mated »r.d the 6ea1in?s broadened out consid
erably, nevertheless the market remained spotty
to th» cltee. and althouRh th»r* wn? a large
r.un-.ber of Ftccks which show advances of 1
to 2 ro'«r.t« many rarts of the list 'failed to
r**pcr!(3 to th» advance at all. St. Paul was
the feature s,!l day. The stock tva* exceedingly
fe\ - *rifh and unsteady st times, but it was
aSvarced with d^tTrr.inatinn and made the
last rri-e at the top - poteta at>ov»» la«t ftipht.
The |1« all I us were on a very lar^,- scale. The
preferred stork -;.;r,:i t\. The Kar.ea? and
Texas flocks continued to hold a conspicuous
plae* In tfaa market and th* preferred rose
?% in the early dealings, but suffered later
from profit-taking. Rock I»land ro«e 2*» and
th« prar-iF'rs and Northern Pacific were all
•troE#r. The har.k statement disclosed a fairly
plethoric condition Bf the raon»y market and
tfce in>eral exran^ion cf loan* by the
banks of over t2fl.O0i>,<yX) ha* not sufflcM to
keep pact with the rapid congestion of re
ef-i-v^F. A notable feature cf the cash increase
is the overwhelming preponderance of specie
In th* rwPir.Ts. The week's Increase of $?.-
Ci?.4 ff i brings the ppe'-ie holdings of the New
Tor* Ur.k» up to K.rn.Zir.tX. which compares
with the maximum ri^xird of $2."60.S76.500. on
Ms>- T>. !«'3. The fub-tr^asurj- payments are
hot. If-iv.g Bead* a!m;tt wholly In gold. In
cluflir.c the large current redemptions of na
tirrial bank notes and th* mall and express
receipts Imtn the interior by the banks In
clude a larire number of gold certificates of
largf <ienoKiir.atlon. Tbe banks also have re
ceived payment frcm the sub-treasury on ac
count of a mnnea-4oRar receipt of gold in Sen
Franrisro. resterdajTa sTPaner'from Australia
brought 3 iot her &£*.{*», j n gn \4 to j: an p ran .
Cisco, which will acure in New York bank
reserves eventually. It i« worthy of notice that
ail of the t4.'*K',000 gold sported this week
a!so came from the Government assay office.
Tb«» »peot:latjve conti?u-'ent in the *tock market
evidently locks to this redundancy of loanable
resources to stimulate speculative buying of
(totks. It is also certain to stimulate the gold
export movement. With a further rise to-day
fa the quoted rate« for sterling exchange in
the nominal Saturday market, with advances
Jn th* rail meney rate in London and with
ttTMnc hardening at Paris, It Is not
unlikely that the coming week will see gr>\i
to to London instead of to Paris. The re- i
mlttances abroad In payment of returning I
•#curiti»>* continue on a large scale and keep
up the exchange rate. The action of the nook
market this w«>k has been strictly In accord
with what cnight be expected from the adjust
ment Ot arounts after a prolonged period of |
active speculation. As speculative buying: in
variably carriea prlrfs al>ove a normal point,
•o that the realising of profits necessitates a
downward reaction, so speculative selling car
rier crlces below the normal, with a neces
sary upward, reaction -when the bears take
their prcflt* by buying stocks to cover their
short cor.trarts. The latter Is what occurred
in the early part of the we«k and the upward
rebound was aggravated by the fact that a
combination of the more alert professional
operators turned fro:n the bear to the bull
aide of the market and commenced ostenta
tlousl3' buying stocks and bidding up prices,
while at the same time putting out various
Intimations and rumor* to account for the ad
vace*. eocie cf them with enough show of
probability to attract an outside demand. But
the «ub*e<juent action of the market made It
pretty clear that the principal demand of the
early part cf the week came from the over
extended short interest. This was particularly
true of Missouri Pacific. The demand for this
stock was urgent when rumors were circulated
that it was to be the central feature in a vast
•cheme of consolidation of Southwestern rail
road propertita. The premium paid for the use
of th« stock for delivery Indicated a large short
Interest and there s*e-ned to be a practical
corner !n the stock. Reports were revived that
the £t. Paul-Northern Pacific-Great Northern
deal was on foot again and the inference was
*ncQurared that tbe threatened rupture among
the great eteel combinations was about to be
patched up to the mutual benefit of all par
ties. Forae of last weok'e selling had been on
the supposition that the death of Queen Vic
toria would have a derreysing Influence on the
world's securities markets, and r-hen the quiet
steadiness of prices in foreign markets after
that event became manifest there was some
buying to cover short* as a consequence. " The
early upward movement waa followed by a
reaction en profit-taking and again by a sec
ondary rebound. The speculative world Is b»
gihr.ir.g to eanva«s the future again In the
conviction that the influences of the past hav*
lo«t their force. The late cf tbe country'* crop
for the coming rear must again be reckoned
¦with. The condition of the Iron trade Is
eagerly scrutinized, with opinion much an
settled and conflicting as to its future. Grow
ing importance is attached to the coming test
of the new feature of the bank currency law.
The treasury la called upen to redeem more
Xczl' York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Forecast Official.
;¦'•¦ —:^g c!.a<!y at night; light northerly
»trfis. ALEX.VXDER G. McAPIE.
San F"ran«Msco data: Maximum temperature,
£*; minimum. 44, mean, BL
tvEATHEtt coxnirmxs and general
FORECAST.
The rreeture ha* risen rapidly over the
southern haif of the Paciflc slope. IXirir.g the
Xtn twenty-four hours there has b*en a rise
of ra^re than two-tenths of an inch over Utah
¦ r.1 Nevada. An area of high pressure is
p-jshir^ tcuthe«stward o\-er Nevada and North
err. Arizona.
Th* terr.rermture hr.n rjnen over Nnrthem Cal
tf'TTia and alcng the coast south of Point
Cen/»pticn. . •
lAxbt shr-wers are rer-orted at Ijom Ar.t»>s
Mtd f*n IMeso.
Ftirecut made at Ran Francisco for thirty
boon esttss tr.i^nicbt Januarj' 21:
SCcrtbCHB ralifnrnia— Fair Sunday: light
r.orr >-«¦- !y w-irris; li^bt froets Sunday- morning.
F atbexm California— Fair Sunday; light
ncnherty win<iF.
N*-.aia— Fair Sunday.
«b-Fair Sunday: light north trlnd.
A'.zrr-a — CI«u<?}- unsettled »-eather Sunjaj".
FORTLANT}. Jan. 2S.— WHEAT— Firm and
higher; Walla' Walla, E6@58Hc; Blue Stem.SS'^
053c.'
Cleared— Steamer Eva. for Hongkong and way
ports, with 50,960 barrels 'flour.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Busi7tess.
PORTLAND, Jan. 2S. -Clearings, $167,365; bal
ances, $23,9€6.
LONDON, Jan. 26.— Consols, 9€ 7 £: silver.
2S S-16d; French rentes. lOtf 95c; wheat car
goes off coast. -3d more; cargoes, on passage,
firm but not active,' seller; cargoes Walla
Walla, 28s 10%d; English country markets,
quiet*
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 26.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California. 6s 4dig<s 4Hd; wheat In
Paris. Bteady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet; weather In England,
windy. ¦ , ' . ¦ .
COTTON— Uplands. 5Hd. .
- .-. .%.-? CLO6ING. .-- --- -.~f '
WHEAT— Spot, steady;. No. : V California,
6s 4d; No. 2 red. W extern winter, #s .Id; No. j
Northern Kprln?; 6s Z^i. Futures, firm; March,
6s lT%d; MaV.-nSs 2%d. . :
CORN — Spat, quiet; American mixed, new.
Ss lid; do old, 4s. Futures, quiet: January.
Ss 10%d; March.. 3s lOVid; May, 3s 9»4d. •
HOPS— At London:, Pacific, Coast, i steady,
£2 5sf£3 5s.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK. Jan. 26.— The general conflUion
of the metal market remains without change.
Trade was confined chiefly to snpply Immedi
ate requirements and speculation was almost
entirely lacking. The absence of cables served
to check any variation in prices.
TIN— Dull and nominal at $26 8&j?27.
LEAD— Dull, $4 37"?..
KPELTER-Quiet. $4g4 10.
COPPER— Easier. ' unchanged. 17e for lake
and lS*ic for casting.
PIG IRON— Warrants, dull and heavy at
$3 5O@IO 50. ' •
New York Metal Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. 26.— CATTLE^-Receipts, 300:
nominally steady. Good to prime steers. |5 15
©6; poor to medium. ?3 50#5 10; stockers and
feeders, $3@4 60: cowa, $2 7o(g4 15; heifers, %t 75
04 M; canners, $2^2 70; bulls. $2 75@4 40:
calves,' J4^4 75: Texas fed steers. $4©4 75: Texas
grass steers. $3 35© 4; Texas bulls. $2 50®3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 15,000; Monday, $35.-
C00: left over, 1500. Closed weak. Top, $5 32<i;
mixed and butchors'. $5 OoiQb 30; good to choice
heavy, $3 lo^u 32 l j: rough heavy, J>f?5 10; light.
$5 OaS.i 23; bulk. J5 17H*?5 25.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1O.*>. Sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, $3 80*54 50: fair
to choice mixed, S3 50tfj3 S3; Western sheep.
$3 gj^-4 50; Texas sheep. $2 50Q3 50: native
lambs. $4 25@5 40: Western lambs, ih'SS 40.
Chicago Livestock Market.
" LIVERPOOL. .
Wheat— Feb. Mar. May.
Opening 6 IT* 6 2U
Closing 6 1T« 6 2U
PARIS. '
Wheat— Jan.. Mar.-Juae.
Opening A.. 19 C» 20 00
Closing 18 95 20 00'
Flour— • •
Opening 24 40 25 35
Closing ..; 24 40 23 55
THE CAt-L-3 CALENDAR.
CIV** Meridian— T*ao!fl<r Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21-5 p. m.
Tke following ere the seanor.al rainfalls to
€ate. as corrr^red with thoae cf Fame date
l«*t eeaecn. and rainfalls in last twer.ty-four
tourr:
Weather Report.
L«eal Ear.k Oaring for the past week
amounts to »js.473.433. against J15.J47.6:i for
Ui« «ajce week last year.
Bank Clearings.
national bank notes from day to day than at
any time since the new law went into effect
last year. This will soon test the ability of
the banks to keep their notes In circulation.
As they do not figure In the money reserves
required by law of national banks the.
tendency will be to redeem and retire them
unless they can be kept in circulation. The
legral limitation upon the retirement to $3,000.
<>oo per month still remains In force. The cur
rent redemption of bank notes at the «ub
treapury Is an important item In the larsh:
pains made each week by the New York banks
on sub-treasury operations and In the current
use of the New York money market. The
export of gold is thu» facilitated even while
the constant disbursements on Government ac
count keep the London market easy in spite
of the maneuvers of the Bank of England to
keep up the cpen market rate for money.
The bond market has been relatively more
active than that for stocks and prices have
been better maintained. Bonds of the prin
cipal Southwestern railroads have been in large
demand and ehow striking gains.
United States new 4s and 3s (registered) ad
vanced «,; do coupon. »* per cent over the
call price of a week ego.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares • Closing
bold. Stocks— - Bid.
S.200 Atchison 4t>H
t.^-O Atchison prefd S5 l 4
e.:*0 Baltimore & Ohio 8S ; *
Canadian Pacific SSb
£00 Canada Southern .....57
luO Chesapeake & Ohio ..'39Vi
600 Chicago Great Western 17?»
14,200 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy Uih
10>) Chicago Ind & Louisville 14
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd..... 59
Chicago & Eastern Illinois V2'4
S 1 " 1 *) Chicago & Northwestern 172'ra
12,400 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 121^
SCO CCC4 St Louis... 7oV»
100 Colorado Southern <>••»
100 Colorado -f"out hern 1st prefd 41^
Colorado Southern 2d prefd IS
200 Delaware 6c Hudson » 151Vi
100 Delaware Lack & Western 13:J
2.000 Denver & Rio Grande 32>i
l.C'OO Denver & Rio Grande prefd
13.100 Erie 2&T»
4,600 Erie 1st prefd tS^a
400 Great Northern prefd 194 1 *
Hocking Coal HVs
Hocking Valley 42**
SCO Illinois Central 132
: 1.200 Iowa Central 2*hi
Iowa Central prefd 4S
• Lake Erie & Western 41
Lake Krie & Western prefd.: 10S4
Lake Shore ;...210>,: k
K'.60O Louisville & Nashville Ss>»* •
13,700 Manhattan L .• 118'*
2.9O0 Metropolitan Street Railway 1624
1» Mexican Central \V:i
200 Minneapolis &¦ St Louis «3
200 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 106
2,500 Missouri Pacific '. *6»i
3'<G Mobile & Ohio ... K ... 4S
12,300 Missouri Kansas & Texas ls^»
I6.7vf> Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 53
luO New Jersey Central .'..I4S
1.2CO New York Central .......141 i n
4,luO Norfolk & Western 45V»
tw Norfolk & Western prefd • S3
E».70O Northern Pacific &3*i
3.2CO Northern Pacific prefd :
3,000 Ontario & Western SlTa
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
....... Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76_
S.O^O Pennsjlvanla 143 T »
4.V00 Reading 32 *»
3.SO0 Reading 1st prefd 71H
2,000 Reading 2d prefd 4IH
Rio Orande-Wentern 6»
Rio Grande Western prefd 92
5 400 St Louis &. San Fran 2SH
100 St Louis & San F*ran 1st prefd 79'»
1 600 St Louis & 6an Fran 2d prefd 57S
4,000 St Louis Southwestern :... 23Vi
f. 000 St Louis Southwestern prefd 51H
1C-2.S00 £t Paul 15»H
1.CC0 St Paul prefd 1W*
et Paul & Omaha 130
23.2C0 Southern Pacific 44H
14.2CO Southern Railway 20?»
3.200 Southern Railway prefd [Hi
S.*CO Texas & Pacific •- 28H
19,700 Union Pacific fji,
l.&vO Union Pacific prefd S3^
J.30O Wabash 1*»
15.400 Wabash prefd 2»^
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie U*»
Wheeling & Lake Erie -2d prefd 28W
100 Wisconsin Central lsr»
Third Avenue 1M
600 Baltimore & Ohio prefd : S6U
S.WW National Tube I • j>9
200 National Tubeprefd -. ,.. »»
Express Companies—
Adams l l\
American l'»
United States 54
TVcUa Fargo 130
Miscellaneous..
200 American Cotton Oil 30%
American Cotton Oil .prefd SS
American Malting 4H
American Malting prefd 24H
6,000 American Smelting & Refining.... 6JT,
1.000 American EmeltlnR A Refining pfd. SS»j
American Spirit* '. 2
American Spirits prefd ., 17
1.700 American Pteel Hoop .-. 26H
100 American Steel Hoop prefd 73
E.100 American Steel & Wire 41H
1,4<» American Steel & Wire prefd S«Vi
1.900 American Tin Plate 57* *
American Tin Plate prefd SSH
i &>0 American Tobacco 114V*
American Tobacco prefd 14 1 )
3.200 Anaconda Mining Co 42>i
23.. '•¦•0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 77%
1.700 Colorado Fuel A Iron 45?»
2.SO3 Continental Tobacco Uh%
2T0 Continental Tobacco prefd 944
13.410 Federal Steel 43«i
1,500 Federal Steel prefd 70^
6O0 Ger.eral Electric m
?» Glucose Sug»r 43%
Glucose Supar prefd $6
l«0 International Paper 20\
300 International Paper prefd 70
Laclede Gas 72
100 National Biscuit 3$%
National Biscuit prefd 92
600 National Lead 16?»
100 National Lead prefd R5
! 500 National Steel 40
National Steel prefd 91
T.'ew York Air Brake 150
700 North American 20^
Pacific Coast 54
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 87
Pacific Coast 2d prefd $4
lOWPaclHe Mall 434
1.500 People's Gas : $$»4
1,900 Proseed Steel Car S7Vi
ino Pressed Steel Car prefd 77^
3<»0 Pullman Palace Car 159
' 100 Standard Rope & Twine 374
11,400 Sugar 134(4
200 Sugar prefd > ns%
1.4W Tennessee Coal & Iron 67
L2W Ignited States Leather 12V
&¦*) United .States Leather prefd 7414
300 UnitPd States Rubber *\i*
100 United States Rubber prefd 62
100 ¦Western Union gj ;
2,000 Amalgamated Copper sj
430 Republic Iron & Steel Co ij»:
Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd.... 57»
» P C C * St Louis $5
045,100 Shares scld.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2« ref reg 105H.N.Y Cent l»U..;..lfl6W
U S 2s ref coup...l05HtN J Cent gen 6s.lS7»i
U S 3s res 10M»iN Pacific 3» nil
U S 3» coup HOiiiN Pacific 4s Msi*
II S new is reg....l3*»iiN Y C & St L 4s.lO«»t
TJ e xiew 4s coup..l37*«jN & XV con 4s.. 100%*
U S old 4s reg.. ..113^ Or .Nav l»t» ioj
U S oia 4s coup..ll3Vi!Or N'av 4s /v..iO3U
USB* reg HOHjOr Short Line 6S..12S
Ufiti coup llHi'Or S L!n» con Ss.llfU
IMst of Col 3.65s.. 123 Readln- Gen 4s.... 94U
Atchison cen 4s...lO3H!rt G W lrts SSV
Atchison adj 4».... «Hi S L & I M con Ss.USft
Canada So 2de 110 S L & S F ten 8s.l2S
Ches & Ohio 4VJS..1P5 et Paul corts .1S5
ChPs * Ohio 5s... .13*4 Ft PC* P lsts..lis
C & NW con 7s. ..139^4 Et P C & P 5«... .120^4
C & NWSFdeb 5s. 124 So Pacific 4s ' 85
Olgo Term 4s 95 So Railway 6s.;... 113«
Colo So 4s 86 Stand R & T 6s.. 66
I> & R O 4s lOO^ijTex A Pac l*ts...I164
Erie General 4s.... SSHjTex & Pac 2ds.... 98
F W & D C lsu.. 79V4IUnlon Pacific 4i...10«4
Grn Electric 6i....lS« jWabash I«t» ...:.. U9\
Iowa Central lsts.ll* Wabash 2d« 109H
LAN Unl 4k 1014 West Shore is 114H
M -K & T 2ds SO Wl» Cent 4s........ $7
M K & T 4s 98 Va Centuries MK
Foreign Futures.
SATURDAY. Jan. 2&-10 a. in.
Morning Session.
Board—
BOO Aetna 45
500 Aetna 43
300 Bear Fla$ 49
20 Blue Goose 2 25
10O Four Oil Co... £4
5 Hanford ' i^j 00
1 Hanford 121 00
100 Home Oil ijo
60 Home Oil 405
60 Kern Oil Co 12 00
20O Kern Oil Co., .1 „ u 75
40 Kern River » 17 sn
100 Lion Oil Co 25
250- Lion Oil Co..... -4
, 200 McKlttrick Consolidated u
20O Monarch of Arizona go
10O Monarch of Arizona si
100 Monarch of Arizona 52
1C00 Monarch of Arizona g$
200 Monte Cri«to 2 45
200 Occidental of West Virginia go
5 Oil City Petroleum 35 0O
100 Peerless 1 8 56
1500 Petroleum Center : 24
100O Queen Esther 33
400 Reed Crude Oil Co ;.... $3
SCO San Joaquin Oil & E*v 12 75
10O Sterling- O & D Co 3 4->
600 Wolverine 1 60
400 Yukon 55
Street—
BOO Reed Crude Oil Co S3
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Jan. 26— 12 m.
, UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. . Btd-Ask.
4s quar coup..H3'iH4W 4a do cp (newHK ! 4t3!( 1 i
4s do reg II313IMV- 3s do coup 110* 2 ni^
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co PCo5s.l03 — .Oak Water 5s.l01\ —
»'al-st Cab Ss.llS — (Oceanic S3 is. — 100
C C Water 5s. W6 — !Om C Ry 6s. -IIS —
Ed L & P 6s. .131 135 [Pac G Imp is.lW — j
F & Cl Ry 6s.lUt4 - \P & C\ Ry 6s.. 105 —
Geary-st R 5s, — — IP & O R R 6s. — —
H C & S SUs.lOSU — |Powell-st R 6s.lMti —
Do 6a 104V.— l?ac E G&R 5s. — —
L A R 5s llivj — S F & SJV 5».1» —
LALC06S...— — 3 R of Cal «S. 110 —
Do gntd 6s... — 104 jK P R of A 8.1.110* —
Do 6s ; — — S P C 63 U305.
L A P R R 5S.101H — Series A) 1C9H — I
Market Cab 6s. 126 — Do (Series B)ll0H — '
Do 1st M Ss.123 — Do (ISO* )..... U3*» —
N'CXGR 7s. - 113H Do (1912) 121% —
N R of Cal 6s. 112 — 5 P R 1st g 53.11? 10S^
I>o Es ICO — S P B R C 6S.131H —
N P C R R 6s.l01Vi — S V Water 6s.ll4H —
Do 5s ,10814 — Do 4s 1C4 —
N Cal Ry 5s...U0V, — Do 3d mtg..,102 — .
O G L & H 5s. 110% — 6tktn Gas fa... 103 —
Oak Tran 6s... 114 115
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 69^ — Spring: Valley. 3JU 93»i
Marln County. 52 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co — 4 Pae L Co.. 43H —
Eqult G L Co. 2% 3 Sac E G&RCo. - iVi
Mutual El Co. — 7 S F G A E.... 47»i 48
OGL&H.... — M«4 San Francisco. 4*i 4H
Pac Gas Imp.. 44'.i 45S Stktn G & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.. 232 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 77 — Lon P & A 143 —
Bank of Cal... 410 — Merchants' Ex 1« —
Cal S D & T..105H — s F Nat Bk..l29 123
First Xationl.. — —
• 1 ¦ ¦
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S 4 L — 1S5O Sav &. L. So
Hum S & L — — ' Sec Sav Bk...273 —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — Union T Co... — —
S F Sav U 510 —
STREET RAIL1OAD STOCKS.
California 135 — lOS Z. & H 41 —
Geary-st 474 — | Presidio 17fi 20
Market-st 6S*i — |
POWDER STOCKS.
I California 150 — Vigorit TA 29i
Giant Con Co.. 81«i K
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co.. 7% 8»i Kilauea S Co.. 21% 21%
Haw C &. S Co — 90 Makaweli S CO 42 —
Honokaa S Co. 31 — Onomea S Co.. 27»4 H!i
Hutch S P Co..26!i 27 Paauhau S Co. 33 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al-Pack Assn. Ho 126 - Oceanic SS Co.lOlH —
Cal Fruit Asn.lU5 r .ilt>7>^ Pac A F A.... a
Cal Wine Asn.lOO — ?ac Bor Co.... — 1&4
Mer Ex Assn.. S5 '—' Par Paint Co.. 1^4 —
' ¦.. ilornlns Session.
Board—
50 Alaska Packers* Association 125 75
60 California Win- Association 100 00
10 Giant Powder Con.... S2 W
10 Honokaa S Co 31 l^i
MJ Honokaa S Co 3100
15 Kilauea Suear Plantation Co '. a 50
150 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 37U
40 Makaweli 4' 00
$5000 Oakland U'at»?r 6t ! 101 73
15 Paauhau S P Co 32 jju
15 Pacific Coa&t Borax 154 no
2S Spring Valley Water 92 50
Street—
40 Alaska Packers 1 Association 125 75
$9000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 104 25
JoGOO S F «c S J V bonds 123 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
STOCK AND JBOND EXCHANGE.
The only fluctuation worthy of note en the
Bond Exchange was a decline in Giant Powder
to JS2. Business wa? light as usual on Satur
day.
There was no particular change on the O:l
Exchange and a very fair business wu re
corded.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull;
winter patents. $3 C0@3 80; straights, $3 20@3 55;
clears, $2 70(g3 30; * spring specials, $1 40<§4 50;
patents.- $3 t>0®3 80; etraights, j3 20(®3 40: bak
ers'. $2 20(^2 60;: No. 3 spring wheat. 65ig73c;
No. 2 red. 75^^77c: No. 2 corn, 37Viig37%c; No.
2 yellow, 37H*i37?ie; No. 2 oats, 24 ; >i'?I5c; No,
2 white. 27%@2Sc; No. -3 white, 2SH<927»ic; No.
2 rye. 5*c; iatr to choice malting barley, 52®
59c: Xo. 1 fiaxseed, Jl 74: No.. 1 Northwestern,
$1 74^1 73; prime timothy seed, J4 65; mess
pork, per barrel. . $13 85^13 95; lard.- per 100
pounds, $7 32^(37 35; short' ribs sides (loose).
$6 90®7 15; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6«4®
GHc: short clear sides ¦ (boxed), -_ J7 23i8'7 35;
whisky, basis of high wines, $127; clover, con
tract grade, $11. •
Articlee— . . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ' £5.000 24.000
Wheat, bushels M.000 29,000
Corn, bushels 394.000 117.000
Oats, bushels 326.000 223,000
Rye. bushels 6.0OO 1.000
Barley, bushels 23,000 8.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. HQ^Ifcr dairies.
im@l«c. Cheese, dull,' lOVic. Eggs, dull;
fresh, ISc.
Bank clearings gain considerably over last year.
No variation in Silver and Exchange.
Wheat and Barley firm but quiet.
Oats,' Corn and Rye as before quoted.
Bran continues firm and Hay steady.
Beans and Seeds quiet at the old quotations.
Potatoes and ]''egctablcs steady and Onions easy.
Considerable Poultry left on hand at the close.
Game in heavy receipt and easy.
No material change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Half a dozen cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-morrow.
Provisions firm in all markets.
Fresh meats quiet, ozuing to the high prices.
Lighter transactions on the local stock exchanges.
Exports of srold and silver from this port to
all countries for this week aggregate $1,248,491
silver bar« and coin and $4,067,603 gold.
NEW YORK. Jan. 26. — Th* Imports of dry
goodo and merchandise at the port of New
York for the week were valued at $11,100,233.
The imports of specie this week were $2$,SS3
gold and $105, 105 silver.
Exports and Imports.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 26.— To-day's statement
of. the Treasury balance In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, J13S.869.652: gold. J71.627.154.
Condition of the Treasury.
Atchison, 46Ti; Canadian Pacific, 90»i; Union
Pacific pref d. 85y, ; .Northern Pacific prefd.
SShi: Grand Trunk. BTi; Anaconda, &%. Bar
silver, steady, 28 9-16d. Money, 3 per cent.
At to-day's session of the wool auction
sales 12.5S0 bales were offered. Continentals
were less spirited and the- sales were Irregu
lar and sometimes a little above what pre
vailed at the October, sales. Best grades wool
were in fair demand and were purchased for
immediate wants. Th« offerings next week
number 623,500 bales.
CLOSING.
X^W YORK. Jan. 26.— The- Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market was listless to-day but firm.
There was little trading from th» general list.
The American department was an exception.
American shares' recox-ered sharply from the
depression here yesterday on the lead given
by N'w York's close and opening. Chicago.
Milwaukee and St. Paul was the most prom
inent stock and with the rise appeared a re
vival-.of the reports of the Hill deal, vrtth
many circumstantial details. It la notable that
although heavy options in Americans are ma
turing the market at the end of the month
shdTjs no sign of disturbance. Money rates
wpe unaltered.
London Market.
The Financier says: The Sew York state
ment for the week was markedly another
heavy rise In all the principal Itemt, loans
have expanded $10,433,000 and deposits $15.
635.&00, while -the pain la cash, mostly in the
form of specie, -was in rough numbers $7,
600,000. The reBUlt of the changes noted was
an Increase of the surplus reserve of $3,542,850,
bringing the total of its cash in the New York
banks to J30.799.450, the highest surplus report
ed sines February 3 last. The chief feature of
Interest, as In the previous week, Is the great
rise- In loans. A week ago the record break-
Ing expansion was caused by the consum
mation of railroad deals of magnitude, but in
the present exhibit the gain is due probably
to Investments In sterling, buying of whlcn
has been active of late, and to buying of com
mercial paper, which is coming on the market.
The system of averages employed in compiling
the statement makes it also probable that part
of the previous week's heavy business has
been carried Into th« current totals. The gain
In cash reflects almost altogether receipts from
interior institutions, as Sub-Treasury opera
tions. Including th« week's export of gold,
made the banks debtors instead of . creditors,
as has been the case for many weeks pa?t.
It is notable, however, that of the week's
gold receipt*, all but about Jl.000.000 went into
one bank. The heavy excess of gold receipts
over legal tender In the character of the cash
gains Is explainable on the ground that the
New York institutions are receiving from their
bank correspondents an unusually heavy per
centage of gold certificates, a very convenient
form of remittance. The Increase In the de
pofit item Is less than called for by the
changes In. other Items, but the Increases are
distributed rather unevenly among the larger
banks. An interesting feature, in ' a gain of
$;g'>.000 in the circulation item at a time when
It would seem there was less need of circula
tion than for a year. It 1« perhaps true that
this is only a temporary fluctuation due to
causes foreign to the usual principle covering
new circulation.
Loans $841,367,300. increase $10,433,000; deposits
$C37.423,CCO, Increase $15, 633, SCO; circulation $31,
253.200. increase JCSO.OOO; legal tenders J73.44S.OOO.
increase $349,400; »peci« J191.710.200. increase
$7,057,400; total reserve $265,155,200, Increase
$7.451,8<>O; reserve required $234,355,750, Increase
$3,908,950; surplus reserve *30,799,4oO, Increase
43.542,850.
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.— The. weeWy statement
of averages of the associated bankl shows:
Weekly Bank Statement.
Adams Con ......... 20 Little Chief ..:..... M
Alice ....;.... 45 Ontario 6 25
Breece 2 00 Ophlr 60
Brunswiok Con 25 Phoenix .10
Comstock Tunnel... ' 04 Potosi OS
Con Cal b, Va 160 Savage 15
Deaawwxi Terra.... 62 Sierra Nevada 15
Horn Silver .110 «mall Hopes 65
Iron Silver 64 standard 4 20
Leadville Con. 0€
MIKING STOCKS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
"And he was always so courteous to
the customers!" sighed the bank man
ager, referring to the mlssinjr teller.
I suppose he always kept In mina that
fome of them might possibly be on the
jury." dryly remarked the president. —
Puck.
The new boarder had been three weeks
In the house. "It Is usual," said th© land
lady with gre-at delicacy, "for my lodKer*
to pay as they f o." "Oh. that's all rlsht.
he replied affably. "I'm not ?otns for a
long: time."— Philadelphia Record.
"See many new faces in the audience at
the opera?" '•-¦ '¦ '¦'¦' '.-¦¦¦ ,
"Oh ymm. Some of them bad been only
made that evening, I think."— Indianapolis
Press.
The humble, yea. and th« sreat earth.
In our rolling palace equals are!
Full often the man of lowly birth
Has the upper berth in the sleeping car.
—Chicago Times.
Miss Passay— Yes. and when h« pro
posed I tried hard not to let him read any
crf-ouraKement In rny face, but h© dia.
Miss Peppery— Ah! I suppose he could
read between the lines.— Stray Stories.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
closed 5c higher. May lard 2Vic up and May ribs
2V-C up.:. ¦ _- . . ..-. ._ . . ; ._.¦-...._..-..
The leading futures" ranged as follo-K-s: '
Articles- '¦' ". . Open." High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. f— '" - ' ' ¦ - . ' ¦¦
January 74*4 73»4 74H
February 74H 75% 74»4 - "!:•<%
May 77U TV3i 76»i "H
Corn No. 2— .
Janoary L 37^4 37% 37tJ 37%
February" 37Tfe . 37 7 ' B • 37»i 37%
May ................ 33Va 39«i ¦' ' 33U " S9»i
: Oats No. 2— ,
January 24' " 24 24 24
May 25V4 . 254 25Vi 25%
Mees pork, per. barrel — .
January — ...... 13 S7H
May 13 95 14 05 " 13 95 13 97JJ
Lard, per 100 pounds—
Januan* 7 33 7 35 7 35 7 33
March .... 7 37^4
May 7 42V4 • 7 47H 7 42H 7 45
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
January 6 90 6 92V4 «M 6 92^4
May 7 00 7 05. 7 00 7 C2- 3
BAGS— San ' Quentln . Bags. $5 «5: .Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July. 6%c; Wool Bags,
30®C2^c ; Fleece Twine, • Ti*c. •
COAL— Wellington. : i9 per ton: Southfield
Wellin!tt6n."=S3;> Seattle. $7: Bryant. J7; Coos
Bay. S3 30: Wallsend. ~ J3: Co-operative Walls
end, J^: Cumberland, J12 In bulk and J13 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Can*
nel, $10 per tor.;. Coke. S15 per ton In bulk and
Jl« in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. S3 45
per 2000 lbs and $3 50 p»r ton, according to
RICE-^China mixed, $4 20ff4 25; Xo. 1, Jt 70©
General Merchandise.
Local dealers "report a light demand for fresh
meets, owing to the high prices, and Beef, Veal
arid'. Lemb.'ar* .lower. Mutton keeps up and
Pork rules firm under light supplies.
BEEF— 7fj.Sc for Steers, and *@74c per lb
for- Cows. - . ¦ •
VEAL— Large, 7g8c; small. 9c per lb. •
MUTTON— »v ethers, s^sOl^c; twes. 9©3Hc
per i^jund. ' •
•, LAMB— 10@llc per lb; spring, 124@l4c per lb.
I PORK— Live Hors. ov»«tec i^r smau a.na a'^iJ
6c for medium and 5%®3&c for large j stock
Hogs and feeders, 6Vi©5&c: dressed Hogs. 7Vi
eaVic ... .v : ;_.. .- ,..¦ -.,..,: ,
San Francisco Meat .Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands seU
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
914c; medium, 9c; light. 8@8Ho; Cow Hides,
£%c for heavy and S@SHc for llgnt; stags. S»»
BHc; Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal, 9c; Salted
Calf. 10c: Dry Hides. 15Hc: Culls. l3Hc: dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 16@17e; culls and brands
He; Sheepskins, shearlings, SOtiSOc each; short
Wool, 3Cg55ceach: medium, 605?75<r; long- Wool
7ScS$l each: Horse Hides, salt. J2 50<g2 75 for
Urge and S2@2 23 for medium. |l@i 25 for small
and 60c for colts: Horse Hides, dry. Jl 75 for
large, Jl 50 for medium. Jl 25 for small and 50c
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c
fall or medium skins, SOc; winter or thin skins'
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c: large and
tincoth. 50c; medium, S5c»
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4Vi©4Hc per lb •
No. I. 3%c: grease, 232&C.
WOOL— Spring Clip is quotable as follows-
Northern, free, 15©16c: Northern, defective. 12S
14c; Middle County, free. 15616c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 1:9 14c: Southern Mountain 12
months', 9^1Cc; Southern Mountain, fre«,* 7
months', U«12c: Southern Mountald. defective
7 months'. 9t*llc: Humboldt and Mendocino. li
©17c: Nevada, 13igi«c. per lb. ¦•
Fall CIId— San Jqaquin. 6H@8c: do. lambs, Jffl
9c: Middle County. 9fllCc; Northern Mountain,
free. 10©llc;- • Southern Mountain. 7V4@SHc:
Humboldt and Mendocino, 11612c per lb.
HOPS— 12©16c per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
The sentiment all over the country Is bullish
bs to cured meats, but the local market is un
charged.
CUKED MEATS— Bacon, 11®11V4c per lb for
heavy. ll%@12c for light medium, 12»i@13c for
light. 13Hf 14c for extra light and 15gl5Ko for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams,
l'c- Mess Beef. *12 per barrel; extra Mess U3-
Family, |.14;'extra Prime Pork. S15®15 50; extra
clear, $19 50<g20; Mess. J17; Smoked Beef, 13c
per pound.
. LARD— Tierces quoted at «H©6^c:per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
9»4c- 10-lb tins, ?%c; 5-lb Una, 9%c.
• COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 814c; three
half-barrels. 8c; one tierce. *Tic; two tierces.
7%c: five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Provisions.
S0-40S, 7c: 40-SOs. 6%c; 60-60«. 4>4c; 60-70s. 35ic;
79-8Oe. 3»4c: 80-Ms. 2%c; SO-lOOs. 2Uc; 100-UCs,
IVic ; rubles. \ He premium ; Sonomas, %c and
Sao Joaqulns \ic less than -Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over.' which stand the same. Apri
cots, 6®Sc for Royals and lOSSlOiic for Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 4@5Uc; sun-dried.
lH©2^c; Peaches, tQbc for standard, 5@6c for
choice and 6H©'c for fancy: Pears, 2©7s;
Plvms, pitted, 6S«V4c; unpitted, l@lHc; Nec
tarines. 505lic for red and SVjftSc for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' A6eoclatlon
ba» established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c. per lb; choice, lie;
standard 10c;- prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c p«r lb. Sultanas— Fancy. lO^c per
lb; choice. 9Hc: standard. 8«4c; prime, Sc; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 60-lb boxes,
6%c; 4-crown, 7c: 3-crown, 6Hc: J-crown, 6c
London Layers. 2-crown. Jl 60 per box: 3-crown.
$1 CO: Fancy Clusters, S2; Dehesa. %2 50; Im
perial.. S3. All prices f. a b. at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 9010c per lb for Italian;
hardshell. 10c; No. 2. 7^c;'_ Almonds, 12S13c for
papershell. 9<8 t llc for softshell: Peanuts. 5<g6c
for Eastern; Braxil Nuts. 13c; Filberts. Uc; Pe
cans Hfll3c; Cocoanuts, ?3 50(35.
HONET— Comb, 13H®HHc for bright and 12H
eri3c for light amber; water, white extracted,
7%;©Sc; light amber extracted, 6fcS7c; dark,
ea^i'ic per lb.
BEESWAX— 24g26c per lb. .
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes. 3c;
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Six or seven cars of Oranges will be offered
at to-morrow's auction. There Is no change
whatever In Citrus Fruits and Bananas,' all
being In large supply. Fine Apples , continue
In limited stock.
DEOluCOLis KRU1TS —
APPLES— 35@£5c per box for common and 73c
CU 50 for good to choice; Spitzenbergs, Jl 25®
1 75: Oregon Spitzenbergs. SI 5C©1 75.
PEARS— 50c®Sl 50 per box.
CRANBERRIES— "Wisconsin*. S13 50 per bar
rel.
CITRUS FRUITS— Xavel Oranges, »1@2;
Seedlings, 50c(gJl: Tangerines. 73c@$l 50; Man
darins. 75cg$l: Lemons, 25cS$l 25 for common
and $1 50tT2 for good to choice; Grape Fruit. Sl@
2; Mexican Limes, f * 50fl5: California Limes, 25
5iS5c: Bananas, SOcgUoO per bunch; Pineapples,
Jjc€J2 per dozen. / . '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
ping of storage Eggs from the list. Receipts
of Butter, Eggs and Cheese were heavier than
of late. Creamery extras were firm and. the
other grades of Butter steady. Eggs were easy
end Chees>e steady.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 40,500 lbs Butter, 6S9 cases California
Egg*. cases Eastern Eggs. 19,340 pounds
California Cheese and pounds . Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 20c; firsts, ISc; seconds,
17c. • - ¦ •• ¦
Dairy— Extras, 17c; firsts. 15c; seconds. 14c;
store, lie.
Storage — Creamery extras. ; firsts. ;
Etconds, ; dairy extras, .
Pickle, • — per pound.
Kegr, per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, ll^c: choice.
10c; common, nominal: Young Americas, 12c;
Eastern, tull cream, 15@16%c per lb.
• EGOS—
California ranch— Selected white, 27c; mixed
colors,' 25c per dozen.
California gathered — Selected. 24c; standard.
22c; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, ;
seconds, .
Storatre-^Callfernla fancy. ; standard. '.
Eastern fancy, ; standard,.——; seconds.
The only change In quotations was the drop-
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There was considerable Poultry, both East
ern and California, left on hand at, the clo-«e
yesterday, which shows the depression In this
market./ Receipts of Game were 200 sks, and
the liberality of-these arrivals kept 'prices down
in spite of its beinir Saturday.
rOULTRT— Live Turkeys, lOflllc for Gob
bler* and WS12Hc for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
12V>@13c; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings.
SI 75@2; Ducks. !4£« for old and • $3(g« 50 for
youns: Hi-ns, %% 5034 50: Young Rcoaters. S4 50
<R5; Old Roosters, $3 aO£4; Fryers. $4®4 -0;
Broilers. $4ff 4 80 for large and I3f 3 50 for
small: Pigeons. $1@1 23 per dozen for old -and
*2 50(92 75 for Squabs.
¦OAMT3— Quail. 75ce*l for Valley and $2 for
Mountain: Mallard, S3tf?3 i.0; Canvasback, J2 50
ia\\ Spris, $2^2 50; Teal, Jl SO; Wldpeon. II 50;
gmall Duck, $lgl 25: Black .Jack. Jl 25: Gray
G>?ese. tZfd'Z 50; White Geese. -$lt£l 50: Brar.t.
tl 10 for small and J2«f2 25 for large: Honkers.
£3g5; English Snipe. 12; Jack Snipe, n 25^1 E0:
Hare. li<gl ?5; Rabblt!». Jl 50 for Cottontail and
$1 for Brush; Doves, 73c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Some Alameda Asparagus appeared, selling at
SSc per'lb. Other vegetables continue to. bring 1
good prices.
POTATOES— Early Rose. «#r75c: Burhank*.
3."«45c for River and S5c<§Sl 10 per ctl for
Salinas and 75c<9Jl for Oregon: Garnet Chiiea
from Oregon. . 85<Jf90c; Sweets, 8Sc©$l for Mer
ced.
ONIONS— $1 5C®2 per ctl; Cut Onions. SI 23
per ctl. ¦ • . - ¦ .
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 10c: Asparagus,
from Sacramento, 15$?25c per lb: Green Peas,
&!?Sc per lb: ¦ String Beans, ICSISc; Cabbage,
9«c;.'Torrat(»s, Los Angeles, $1 25©2 per crate;
Kg* Plant, Los Angeles. 12>te?0c per lb: Green
Peppers. Los Angeles. 10c per lb for Chile and
15c for Bell: Dried Peppers. Pfjllc: Dry Okra.
lp<315c r*r lb: Carrots, :5;§35c per box: Hot
house Cucumbers, per dozen: Summer
Squash. »15G<32,'per box: Garlic. 3«4c per lb;
Marrowfat Squash, $12620 per ton; Mushrooms,
5@15c j>er lb. .
Potatoes and Onions are about as before,
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 S0©2 75: Small Whit©.
$4 60#4 90; Large White. $4@4 25: Pink. J2 15@
: 35; Red. S3 23@3 SO; Blackeye, WS3 25: Liana*.
*3 €0@5 70: Pea cleaned up and nominal: 'Red
Kidney, J3 ll@\ per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustafa, nominal; Flax. 82 50@3: Canary.. 3tt@
3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 7%®9Hc; Rape. 2®
2V*c; Hemp. 3V4S3*lc; Timothy. «H«. •>" -
DRIED PEAS— ..Nlles, t29- 50; Green* $2 10
©3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal. '
and pink descriptions being firm and the other
Andea 09 19-Lady Wash ... — 03
Belcher ......... CS 03 M»xic*n IS 23
Best & Belcher 23 2« Occidental 03 03
Bullion 02 OVOphlr ,«3 M
Cal-docJa «6 75 Overman 13 1*
ChalUnge Con. 17 13 Potosi 1» U
Ctaollar 10 11 : Savage 17 1'
Confidence; .... 70 75 Scorpion — 04
Con, Cal A Va.t 55 1 6o|3eg Belcher.... 02 33
Con. Imperial... 01 02: Sierra Nevada. » 21
Con New York 01 Oil Silver Hill .... M 51
Crown Point... tt> lu St. Louis — W
EuT-tei Con .. — 35'Standard -• 4 81
Exchequer .... — fcj; Syndicate — W
Gould & Cnrry 40 421 Union Con .... M 2*
Hale & Xorcra 17 19 Utah M 03
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket. 15 H
Flour, qr sks..:. 4.13;iStraw. tons 18
ctls S. 790 Hops, bales IS
Barley, ctls .... 5,T«| Pelts, rolls 1«
Oat'- ctls -70 Hides, bdls 534
Beans, sks l.JM| Leather, rolts .. 9*
Onions, sks .... S-'IITallow, ctls .... 212
Bran, sks 3,8%:\Vool, bales .... U
Corn, ctls ....... 9S0i Wine, irals 57.900
Middlings, .sks... 523 'Lime. bM* 91
Potatoes, sks .. 5.9SO,Sugar. bbls ...*. W
Flour, qr sks ... 1.555' Onions, ska 57
Oats, ctl3 , 380 Bran, ska 3,000
Potatoes, sks.... 3.34.'!
' UTAH.
Flour, qr sks .. J.072!!
FOR SATURDAY, JANUART SS.
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed. 6.25c: Powdered. 6.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. o.SSc: Dry Granulated. 5.73c; Confec
tioners* A. 5.75c; Magnolia A. 6.35c; Extra C.
5.25c; Golden C, 6.15c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 23c mere; boxes. SOc more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent. Domlncs. half-bar
rels, 8.30c: boxes. 6.75c Der lb.
4 So: extra. S?.?5 59: Japanese. U f-5f?3 30; Loun
ianrt. ?!•»« 50 : Hawaiian, nominal.
SALMON— Round lots are quoted as follow*:
Alaska, red. tl »>.- medium do, $1 10; pink. 95c:
Columbia .Paver. Chinook. *1 75 for tails and
Jl £5 for Cats: barreled Salmon. $10 for Alaska
barrels and $5 50 for half-barrels.
- SUGAlt— The Western s>ugar 'Kenning Com
pany quotes, per 1b. In ICO-lb bags:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY' 27; 1901.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Corn was fairly active and lnclinfd to follow
wheat, but the prospect of favorable weather
and estimates for heavier receipts '.for Monday
and profit-taking by provision people interested
in ¦ corn prevented the market from :.-- gaining
much over yesterday's level. May closed un
changed at 39Jic
Oats were quiet. The wheat strength wa»
Influential . but pressure from local longs was
against the price. May closed a shade lower
at 25Hc . :"--'-»* ¦ ¦ - ~ J ~ '-¦"• -: ..-,-- . -.
¦ Provision* were quiet and ' steady, supported
by the wheat strength «nd a fair cash demand.
The outside trade vu small, but local Interests
were Inclined to support prices. May; pork
CHICAGO, Jan. 28.— May "wheat opened a
shade to higher at 77@77He,- mainly be _
cause It had not lost the upward Impetus given
It yesterday. The moderation of Northwest re
ceipts, was also somewhat influential.. On th«
other hand, cables reflected the advance here
yesterday only In part and longs seized the op
portunity of taking profits on the opening
bulge. There was also some selling by bears
and May eased to 16%c during the first hour.
Commission house* drank . up their offerings,
however, and when they ceased to flow cried
for more. May accordingly rallied to 77%c be
fore the desire for profits again asserted itself
in. any force. This caused a decline to 77c, but
the demand was itlll sharp and a raily to
77T4C ensued. The close was strong. May %iS.\c
higher at 77«ic. Foreigners were reported as
enlisted on the buying side and this had some
thing to do In advancing prices. The crop
around Bombay was reported in bad shape
but In otber parts of India the cereal, it was
said, was faring well. Small Argentine ehip
irients -were prophesied as the rule for sorno
time to come. Cash trade was slow. ¦
Chicago Grain Market.
31
- STOCKS. I
Bid. t
Bid
\ Asked.
Asked.
i_
American Fuel & Oil Co
Aetna
Bear Flag
Black Jack
Blue Goose •
Buckhorn
riurllngton .'
California-Standard
Caribou
..California Oil & Gas
Continental
EJ Dorado
Fotr OH Co
Kanford -
Hanford-Fresno-Kern River...
Home Oil Co
Homestake
Independence •
Kem River
Lion Oil Co...
Loe Angles O. & T. Co.......
McKlttrick Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona
Monte Crlsto .".
Occidental of. West Virginia...
Oil City Petroleum
¦Petroleum Center
Producers & Consumers
Peerless
Pittsburg ...
Queen Esther
P.oyat ••
San Joaquln O. & D. Co
Sterling O. & D. Co .......
Sunset Original .: —
Senator .'....' — • • •
Superior
Twenty-eight
West Lake
West Shore .v.
f
25
49
45
1 25
ta
¦ 5
37
62
1S7H
1 65
U
121 00
4 05"
20
17 25
21
3 75
11
*J
3 40
«(>
34 0)
21
$5
8 25
as
12 50
1 40
30
2 CO
5 2T'_
4 3>
23
43
1 45
185 #
33
60
2 2*
1 10
1 70
125 «0
15
4 10
10CO
21
IS CO
S3
20
* 45
35 00
25
"M
8 50
50
80
12 *7H
3 50
3 S3
15
2 30
23
4 40
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j* Steamers leaTe Broadway
wharf. San Francisco.
reS>-^_ For A!a.«kan Ports — 11 a. m..
Jan. W. *U Feb. 5. Clwmn to
M^ft^^rv compary's steajr.»r» at Seattle.
n|2JWM For Victoria. Vancouver <B.
KJ^SsW 'Ml C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
ly-WKp^fgai Tacoraa. Everett. Anacorte*
[ and New WTiatom (Wish.) —
u a. nv. Jan. K, 31, Feb. 3.
and every fifth day ther*-
aft»r. Change at Seattle for thi» company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. By.: at Seattle
i or Tacomak to N*. P. Ry.: at Vanconrrer to
c. P. Ry. • . —
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. ra.. Jan. 3.
Feb. t-and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego. «topp!mr only at Santa. Bar-
bara. Port Los An«reles and RwJnndo <I>*» An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. ra.:
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. ra.
For SanU Cru». Monterev. San Pltneon. Cay-
ncca. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavt-
ota. Santa. Barbara. Ventora. Hueneme. San
Pedro. East San P»dro (Los Angel#a> and
1 Newport— Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. ra.:
' 8t»am#r Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Ma*dal#na Bay. San Jo«» rt»l
Cabo Masatlan. Altata. La Pa». Santa Rosalia
and Goarmas (Mei.>- 10 a.m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
The company reserves th« right to change-
steamers, saillca* daten and hours of sailing,
wtthnut rrevious notice.
TICKET OFFICE— « New Montgomery
«tr»*t (Palac« HoteD.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. «•*. Agts ..
19 Mark»t «t.. Sac Fracclaco.
THE 0. R. & R. CO.
TJISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
Frcm Spear-stre»t Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth
rAnC $3 Second Class ar>d Meals.
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Jan. 23
COLUMBIA Sails Feb. 3
Short Line to Walla Walla, Snokana. Butte.
Helena and all points m the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General A**nt.
S3>) Market at.
TOYO KISE_N KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Fir»t and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
fcr TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc -No cargo received on board on day
of sailing-.
SS. NIPPON MARC
Tuesday. February D. IDOt
PS AMERICA MA RU.... Friday. March 13. 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARC
Tuesday. April *. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freiiht and passage apply at company** office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KXW TOM. BCUTHaSIPTOS. LONDO*. P1K3L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbooad.
From New Tork Ever- Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New Tork Feb. 'tVew Tork Feb. XT
Kensington Feb. 1? VaderUnd ....March «
St. Louis Feb. » I St. Lotiis March 13
RED STAR LINB.
N«w York and Antwarp.
From New Tork ETery Wednesday. U noon.
Westernland ...Feb. «) Frlesiand Feb. J?
Ken«lngtoa Feb. 131 South wark ...March «
Noordland Feb. 20iWesternland.. March 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVgATION COMPANT.
General As-nt Pacific Coast.
30 Montgomery street.
Tanama r. r. ss
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Specie' Reduced Cabin Fare, $75.
S. S. ST. PATH, sails January 29.
B. S. ARGYLL sails February 5.
S. S. R0A2J0KE sails February 19.
From wharf, foot of Fremont »t.. at 2 p. m.
Freight and p»s?ei5«rer office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Faciac Coast Agent.
jfaAA-aniA C C 4*A "*'**». «»!«. "">
: V WmiMV O.<J» w« oiREcruiEreMHiTj.
ES. MARIPCSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. February ?. Z p. ra.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
.. : Friday. Febirmry 9. « o. m.
ES VENTURA, fcr Honolulu. Samfla, N«w
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. February IS. at 9 p. ra.
i. D.SPKECKEIS & BHOS. CO., Basaral Agents. 327 lariat SI
En'l Paaaqsr Site. 813 Xartet St., Pltf 8a. 7. Pacigs U
l\UalBUoLlWEK?Pfe-asg55!
Monthly sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburr
via Mexican ports. Central. South Amertca. etc
SFSOSTRIS SAILS ABOUT February ». 1301.
J. D. SPBISKEIS & 3301. CO., Basra! Agents. 327 Martit St
Seal Passcssr CiSa, S43 lartst St.. riir Is. 7, Palfl: St
PACIflO S7EAU NAVIGATION CO. AMD
C0M?Aini S7D AXI3ICAHA DS TAP03Z3
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American pcrts. From foot of Fr«~
mont street. Sailing:
S. S. GUATEMALA February 7. 1901
S. P. PALENA „ February 29. l«t
S. S. COLOMBIA _ March T. 1901
S. S. TCCAPEL March 20. 1301
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger servlc*.
iXo change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger ofice. 31* California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE ft CO.. Agents.
COXPAOSIE CSXE3AI.B TiU53ATULNTiqC2.
DIRECT LIXE TO HAVRE-PARIS. rBmrnt
Saillns every Thursday, instead °f |S?TXm
; fat'jrday. at 10 a. ra.. from Pier 42,
Ncrth River, foot of Morton street. First claaa
to Havre. 135 and upward 1 . Second class f>
Havre. J45 and UDvard. GENERAL AGENCT
FOR UNITKD STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway . (Hudson building). New Tork. J.
F. FUOAZI A CO.. Paciflc Coast Ag-nts. S
Montrcmery arenue. San Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Aa-entn.
BAY AJTD BIVEB'STEAMEBaT
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Stea»-*r "Montlcetlo."
MOM.. Tnea.. Wed..' Tkura. and Sat. at *:45
a. m., 3:13. 8:30 p. m. <sx. Tours, night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. •
p. ra. Landing and office. Misalon-strwt Doci.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1SCS.
OCEAN TBAVEL.The El Media Oil Company has been In
corporated, with John Arthur Drinkhouss
as president: Ralph A. Grover. vice presi
dent, and George M. Willcox, secretary
and treasurer. The company has leased
for twenty years eighty acres of: land
south of McKittrlck. two and one-half
miles below the terminus of the Southern
Pacific track, toward the Sunset and, Mid
way districts.
The process of refining California petroleum
Is by no means perfected, but as experiment*
are being mads the refined product is being
bettered every month. If. however, bill No. IX
Is passed and It becomes necessary to manu
facture oil to stand a test of 130 degrees tha
industry of refining California oil will b«
killed and the State will lose millions of dol
lar* annually.
by Pennsylvania. The Pacific OU Report
er says: ::..-<
An oil exchange is wanted at Riverside,
and a committee is at work trying to or
ganize one.
There is a great deal of opposition
amon<r the California oil men to the Sen
ate bill introduced at Sacramento by Sen
ator Currier to provide for the inspection
of illuminating oils manufactured from
petroleum, or coal oils. The objection is
based on the fire test of 130 degrees, which
is a much highest test than the one made
on section A. 29-2S. By the terms of these
leases tho Wilson receives tho <1if«reno»»
between 37^and 50 per cent as royalty. an«l
in.adcr.tion gets large bonuses. The leases
are thiee In number and each contain ten
acres. They were taken by San Francisco.
Rlverafde and San Diogo capitalists, and
in each Instance tho agreement was en
tered Into to tlniBh at least four wells
within the next nine months.
; There In a rush "to. file 'petroleum !««;
tions • in ; the Mlllville di?trict ?n Sha^fi
County. , Within the last few days the fo u
lowing companies hnve recorded lo< a
tions: Big Eight, Cakewalk. Bitumen pt
troleum- Center, Oil ¦ Center El Dofart^
¦Wizard;: Asphalt : and Great WStnern'
Nearly; all the c-oropanles = include women
board3 - Th ° ,*»«££
the. hest; leases bo far made
from ,the : land; owners', standpoints the
? er ?l : R ££? dlst £ lct ' are those just ' closed
fcv tb.*. Wilson ComDaiurof-li- An^ele*
- Another : company,' a mile and a half > to the
east,- Is. about to begin, its rig having been
installed, and on the southwest quarter of the
same 1 section, ' 17, -23-28. another company Is
preparing to lease a forty T acre tract. An
other Is about ¦ to 'resume i where It abandoned
;2 o '*': 1 ** t 1 "P rtn *. :-¦«>• southeast corner of 15
•*i?V "/ U I** 8 a * aln operate, a new • hole
will .be started, as the reason for quitting be
brfo^d'farth^ t do : w^^ h0 *>** A"
There has always been faith In the territory
south of. the river, but until now it has failed
to take the form of money investment. This
fact is .perhaps du« to the opportunities of
fered In other localities where success was
assured, people . having taken more readily to
operations where^no risk, comparatively, was
Involved. Now that royalties have risen in the
demonstrated field to the 50 per cent point, the
temptation" to go ' elsewhere and . assume risks
with the ' chance of larger reward has grown
greater. Section 17, 29-28. will soon have a rig
working on It, the Bouth half of the north
eaet quarter 1 having • been leased by Elodget
and Harding to Ludwlg and Hlcfcey, who have
operated for thirty years In the Pennsylvania
and Ohio fields. They will be prepared to go
to a depth of 1.W0 feet If necessary to get the
oil, but Mr. Hfckey, who is now on the ground
thinks-: that M05O will let the ' drill Into the
pay stratum. Arrangements have been made
for machinery. ".
On the other hand, the Kern County oil
producers would seem to be getting on
with their marketing plans very well. The
large tanks in the field. have been leased
by the Producers' Association, and thfse
furnish ample accommodation for the sur
plus ptocks, which are now accumulating
faster than will be the case when better
shipping facilities are provided. ~-
The Bakersfleld, Calif ornlarf reports that
interest in tho territory south of the Kern
River has revived. The- Calif ornian says'
of the section: ;.
To add trouble to trouble, it is now stated
that . the Storaze and Transportation Company
refuses to entertain an agreement from a mi
nority of the* producers, and proposes to can
cel the agreements already made, although it
is not clear when the Storage and Transpor
tation Company will profit by such a decision
any . more . than will the producers by entering
the compact. . .
With this idea in view, a number of pro
ducers have • entered into an agreement with
the Storage and Transportation Company on
the basis named. The remaining producers re
fuse to sign such an agreement, and the situ
ation, as far as the marketing question Is con
cerned. Is somewhat demoralized. The system
of each Individual producer marketing' his own
oil is not one that will tend to maintain
prices, a consummation devoutly hoped for by
the oil men.
The original proposition of the Storage ami
Transportation Company to charge 10 cents a
barrel for storage was modified to 10 per cent
of tha oil received. No guarantee was given
as to' price, and a strict test on all oil re
ceived was part of the proposition. Much of
the oil In the. local field contains 1 more or less
water, holding It In suspension, ranging from
a very small percentage to as high as 30 per
cent. ¦ Heretofore the Storage and Transpor
tation Company accepted the oil at the wells
without question. The new rule promulgated
compels .the producer to pay H cent on eacli
barrel of oil holding , 10 per cent or more of
water. These requirements are entirely un
satisfactory to the producers, but In the opin
ion or many they should be accepted, as the
only possible means of preventing a shaky and
unstable market.
How to market California petroleum to
the best advantage Is the problem that Is
engaging the attention of two leading: oil
sections— the Kern County fields and the
Los Angeles territory. Latest advices are
that the Los Angelenos and their fellow
oil producers In Southern California have
not had much success as the result of sev
eral conferences with the Storage ana
Transportation Company people. Chaos,
according to the Los Angeles newspapers,
would seem to exist. An association to
provide for marketing the Los Angeles
product and following out the general
plan of the Kevn County association may
be formed. A Los Angeles paper says:
A number of notice* of location of borax
mlnee have been filed in San Diego Coun
ty. These claims are located on the des
ert, about twenty miles south of Borego
Eprlngs and about thirty miles east from
Julian. The section is known as the Mc-
Cain mining- district.
Considerable development work Is going
on in the southern part of Inyo County,
near the San Bernardino County lino. The
Defiance mine has gone into the hands
of San Francisco parties. Prospecting is
Elso reported to be active In the Ballarat
ClrtricL
The electric lln« at Sheep Ranch, Cala-
¦Work In the mine* of the Philippines it
greatly handicapped in consequence or the lack
cf proper machinery. The Spaniards tried to
Co mome mlnine and failed In most cases be-
Cftute they lacked the necessary machinery.
Th« miners who are operating in the hills at
the pretest time are handicapped by havin*
• n .° S rOJ ?5 r w OU l. fit " *°r5*rrylng oa the work us
I J^a* ** days of placer mining
KTi fO i5 *£ °y. tr> tc S th * natlve « have always
to. ewed this line of work and have kept the
hill* thoroughly cleaned up. There Is much
i.i be done in quartz mining, and in the sec
tioiw where they have crushing machinery
the miners are doing well. All of them did
f .». * apparatus, however, and the result
if that some of the mines are tied us ' It Is
to secure the desired machinery at
...anlla or at Hollo, where machinery and
n«*am rood* supply houses have been estab
:>Led. In which one can buy engines and boll
».rs, ventilators, conveyln* machinery, oils.
leJts. water wheels and general mlnlnr. but
tee heavier and more co»tly equipments, euch
cs crushers, concentrators, ttamp mills and the
lUce. are eot to be had. In some cases the
r;!nlr.g concerns have made attempts to operate
foundries in which to cast the necessary gear
lnc and framework for the making of the
neeaea machines. I *aw some of these home
made devices, and the ca&tlnRs were full of
tand and blowholes and the fittings were heat
ing and rrindlnc regardless of beln? deluged
in oil. The shafts, which were forged 'or
taken from the ruins of sugar mill* which
bad been burned by the insurrents. were
wurped and cracked, couplings failed to Join
*vc-nly, and ell cf the machines thus made
failed to accomplish the work for which they
were erected and had to be abandoned.
A circumstantial account of the devel
opment of copper properties In Shasta
County is given by Mineral Wealth. In a
few weeks the second large smelter for
the copper belt, so says the writer, will
be running. The De Lamar smelter, which
will reduce the ores of th»» Bully Hill
mines, is about completed and calcining
will begin when the rolling stock Is on the
track that has been laid. It is probable
a railroad will be constructed to. connect
with the main line alter a while. Several
miles of wagon road have been complet
ed, connecting with the Copper City road
lit Sllverthora ferry, to facilitate the haul-
Ing of flux. Men ars working near tha
mouth of the McClouJ taking out iron and
lime for fluxing purposes. A report la
current that the management of the Bully
Hill will increase the smelting capacity of
its properties to at least 500 tons. There
it also an understandina that the Mlchl
pan group will become the property of
De Lamar. Development work has been
proceeding on these claims for the last
two years. Consolidation of the proper
ties would bring into existence in time
one of the greatest smelting plants of
the West.
A correspondent of the Mining and
Scientific Press writes as f ollovds concern-
Ing the outlook for mining in the Philip
pines:
The plans of thft Keswick Electric Pow
er Company, whoso plant will furnish
power for mining properties at the north,
have bten set forth uv Manager Shan
con. The power-house will be situated at
the head of Battle Creek bottoms, twenty
seven miles from Redding, twenty-eight
miles from Red Bluff and about the sama
distance from Copper City. The company
proposes to supply power to Red Bluff.
Tehama, Vir.a and Corning on the south
end Redding. Keswlck and the copper belt
of Shasta County on tne north. From the
power-house a line of pipe 6000 feet long
end 30 Inches In diameter will be laid to
the company's works. The pipe will' have
a fall of 11S0 feet. Tho company has pur
chased water in Mill Creek. Berry Creelc
itnd Battle Creek and also an interest In
the Battle Creek Company's ditch. A
large storage reservoir will be construct
ed on Mill Creek on the old Huster ranch.
While copper mining Is becoming more
Important in the United States, It is
growing less Important In England. The
report of the English mine Inspector for
1900 is Just out. This makes the facts
plain. In 1863 the production of copper
and copper ore precipitate amounted to
more than 200,000 tons and was valued at
half a million sterling. In 1899 the Eng
lish copper product was worth only £35,000
In round figures. Cornwall and Devon
shire produce about all the English cop
per ore. The number of persons employed
in mining in England In 1900 was 764.166.
of whom 728,000 worked under the coal
mining act and 35,157 under the metal
liferous mines act. Of the surface work
ers 4702 were female. There was an in
crease of female workers in the coal
mines, but a falling of in the number in
the metalliferous mines.
The Wallace Journal, summing up the
output of the Coeur d'Alene district for
last year, shows an itemized statement
££?,£« whIcl l u bases -an estimate of $11,
600,000 for. the twelve months, and a claim
of having^produced in tha district four
fifths of the entire mineral output of the
The Telegraph mine on Fur Cap, Sierra
County, near Downieville, has been sold
to J. W. Finney. '
James Hayes of Corvallls has written an
account of the discovery of Gold Hill,
Jackson County, Oregon, which was
found by him. He/was ridine with a man
named Chavner, on whose ranch he was
working. He had made a failure in pros
pecting for gold the preceding y»ar. Go
ing down a steep incline the saddle on
which he was riding gave wav and threw
him over the horse's head. When he got
up to cinch the saddle he discovered some
! thing shining on the ground, which proved
to be gold quartz. He afterward returned
to the place where he had found the
quartz, taking two companions and easily
located the spot and was able by search
ing industriously to find other specimens
of gold quartz on the ground. While he
was doing this he climbed a hill and found
a. rock formation of a steel gray color.
He had a pick with him and with this at
tacked the rock formation and was as
tounded to find that gold abounded in the
rock. One of ' his companions become
drunk and told the whole town, so that
there were at least 130 men on the ground
ths next day, seeking locations. Every
day for a time added to this number of
men gold seekers. Hayes was not much
more than a boy, and being itrnorant of
.mining, did not realize the value of his
discovery. He says:
Had I been older In the ways of the world
I would have resolved myself Into a gold
trust and run it alone. But being a more boy,
I did Just what any other boy would have don«.
under the circumstances. The emigrant and r
lay there several nights on the mountains,
spreading cur blankets over the rich quartz
we had gathered and eleeplnsr on the came as
if on downy feathers. The miners would steal
our cuartx from under our heads and work
all manner of echemes on us to set hold of the
quartz, and that would be the last of It. Ish
supposed he owned the earth, went to Jack
sonville to celebrate and got on a big epree.
Ish's credit for whleky had risen from zero
to 100 cents on the dollar. The «mlRrant and
I, of course, held down our possession, being
on duty day and night, while Ish performed
the kingly part. I have been averse to co
partnership ever since. There Is no exaggera
tion In the statement that thousands of dol-.
lars were ricked up from our pile of quartz
by the ru*h of people. Ish, our partner, gave
two rambler*, known^as Jack Long and Mil
ler, an Interest In the mine. He even as
sumed to act as our general guardian and dis
pensed his bl^pslncs to all comers. 1, too,
became generous, and gave Tom Chavner, my
old friend, an Interest in the mine.* The emi
grant kept his Interest for some ' time and
llnally sold a third of his Interest for SjOOO.
Being ignorant, 1 1 was easily imposed on, and
sold my Interest for the small sum of HOW.
-n. report is current that Eastern parties
will take the iron mines in the Eagle
Mountain district when the pending liti
gation has been decisively ended. There
are twenty-six claims in the district, the
aggregate area of which is something
over ooO acres.
A twenty-stamp mill has been ordered
for the Mack mine in Tuolumne County.
The Mississippi, at Bie Oak Flat, Is being
unmanned.
There are two monitors working at the
Cherokee property in Butte County and
three others will soon be added to the
plant In operation. The dam, which Is
a few miles west of Pentz, is 1S00 feet
long.
veras County, Is about completed. Oper
ations will begin as soon as the machinery
Is in place.
MINING PLANS FOR 1901 ARE VERY EXTENSIVE MARKETING OF OIL IS A LIVE TOPIC
this amount for a period of flvo years,
until the total annual appropriation la
$15,000. After that maximum Is reached
the annual payment to each State and
Territory maintaining: schools of mines
and mining would be $15,000.
State of Idaho In tho period mentioned.
The dividend payments are estimated at
$4,000,000. The Coeur d'Alene district has
an area of about twenty square miles.
The Western Mining World is urging
Btrongly the adoption of the bill before
Congress to provide for the sale of pub
lic lands !ve the establishment of schools
of min' .nd mining In the colleges teach
ing *' mechanical arts and agriculture.
Tb •: ueslre Is that $10,000 may be avail
able for the year endlnp June 1, 1901. and
an annual increase of $1000 per annum in
"Well, yes." replied the ex-employer of
the defaulter. "You may say that we did
not trust him implicitly.*'— Puck.
"Any special foaturo In the case?" In
quired the reporter.
TEE SAn'fRMCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 27, 1901
From the foregoing facts and upon tha testi
mony a* a whole your commute* concludes
that the action of Mrs. Stanford In asking the
dismissal of Dr. Ross Involved no Infringe
ment of the rls-ht of fre« speech.
The adml»sion of Dr. Rosa to your commute*
that he would not regard a university rule
sfalnst the participation In politics by a uni
versity professor of economics durlnic the
proere-FS of a political campaign, as Impairing:
the proper right of academic freedom, disposes
of his contention that the criticism of his
r-nr.duct In 1S96 Is capable of that construc
tion.
That her ultimate demand (or his resigna
tion was not due to opinions expressed In his
speeches on "Coolie Immigration and tb»
"Twentieth Century City," but was because
the deemed that her original estimate had
proved correct and that he was redisplaying,
o/ter three years of trial, those qualities found
Gbjertlonable In the Instance of her original
action.
evidence tha<t Mrs. Stanford ever took excep
tion to Dr. Ross' economic teachings.
The Stanford University aluznal met at
the California Hotel last evening and re
ceived the report of a special committed
fi-ppolnted by the association In Xovember
to ascertain the confidential and other
reasons for the enforced resignation of
Dr. Ross as a member of tho university
faculty.
The committee In Its report finds that
J.Irs. Stanford shared In the oninion gen
eral in university ci; % c!es In 1S0C that Dr.
Tinss' pamphlet, entitled "An Honest Dol
lar," illustrated by political cartoons, was
undle-nifled in Its form and manner of
treatment. The report In part la as fol
lows:
The Justice of th» criticism expressed at th*
time the r*mi*let ¦"¦«•» published mujit be
<*.eeired to be conc«i*a by Dr. Roas, since It
hss t>e*n admitted by him to your commute*
thf.t be would not again pursue the earno
cr.urM under similar clrcumetJinces.
Your committee has been unable to find any
Declares Right of Free Speech Not
Infringed by Mrs. Stanford.
DISMISSAL OF DR. ROSS
IS APPROVED BY ALUMNI
O
32
jf' the new valentines ladies' gloves 69c a pair
9) "Many a^haft at random sent / , ¦- jrrST" Don't pass the above headline lightly— if yon do you
jm Finds mark the archer never meant." &S3*f mMH^/ /^ y>^&SS> w '" m ' 3s a rare c^ ance to save mone V- e Jot in-
There is no need of random stfootinfr w ith such a *&C&&>Miw/j@i$Mr 4^&^i *£&f/ jfj^jlss^ $gj&£fc% eludes 2-clasp lambskin rIovcs in black and different
& incly timfd to "the positively frantic' Here are tender J^^^rM^f/ 4&S2^tJs2^4&S$^ white, tan. mode, brown and prray. in all sizes from f,V 2
/V thoughts and sweet suggestions in couplets, triolets, SSSi MBMjf _^ S~~~~*0^ to 7> We ' H not state the u P nce - but when we say
/i sonnets and whole cantos. Hit-'cm-hard comic ones. &BwlJi&PZ*r.GOOI> OOO&Z&P 1^ that we count this as one of the greatest of the bnl-
@> too. Prices? All the way from a fraction of a cent up <l ¦¦¦ sMiifltfljgFnjjMiLj nil i^illlHW" 1 "" • liant series of glove chances we ve been orcsentinc:
l U into the dollars. The very one you want drops in - V . ' ¦'¦¦_.¦ '-. , • . during recent days, you 11 need no ur K insr to come.
ft somewhere along the line. Market street, near Sixth, opposite Golden Gate avenuo. While they last, per pair // C*>c
if 'diately turned to your account. That s the reason for & desire fbr "ownership. Our prices ore not barriers. We buy ai ! d Wldth and a "^ re finishcd W1 ? ha n ds ° me kno « e <l
Af these unusual quotations. these goods for seven great stores-we understand how to gather them fringe at top and bottom As there is but one pair
% Ladies' pink: or blue Richelieu ribbed sleeveless cot- by the most economical process-and wo learned tne wisdom of selling '^s 7 y^bTn^6^\ntl^
ft ton vests with silk taped necks and armholes-sizes 4. at popular prices long ago. • • ¦ vantage. Money savers will be n«n«o«. and extra
vw c inn 6—r>rh ¦ 15c • i i • ' , -" ; salespeople have been secured. Here s the way the
jr-jj anu u— cacn ••••. Percales in a grand choice of attrac- Percales in new, century patterns— S avinj?*runs:
S> Ladies' summer weight white cotton union suits — tive new patterns — dots.* figures and fancy stripes, figures and dots on navy. B «, o- nnr *-,- r *» *t r».i- «^i,V S" fw>
*L the kind that buttons down the front-made with hi K h £t ripes on navy, blue, red and black red, light blue, pink and lavender do? eres at cer oa r 315
RaTd^eK SSjg splendid fabric and 27 g?»J t $t§2£ ffift g^^lS ||o
*7 ana covcrca seams— sizes 4 . a . inches wide— our price, per yard. .7y 3 c w ide— per yard .IS'/^c 4.95 port- eres at, per pair...., 3.75
T Ladies' fine white French balbriggan vests and pants ii; .. . , . . ¦ " 5-50 portieres at, per pair 4.15
A» _the vests come with high necks and lone or short 4£jzm lOOi shirtwaist cloths— entirely new and very fine 6.35 portieres at, per pair 4.75
0 sleeves, or with low necks and ribbed arms, and are ' fgp^&L soft finish fabrics with pretty colored grounds upon 11.00. portieres at, per pair 8.73
L finished with silk shell stitched edges— the pants are TfcmE which are printed very attractive stripe designs. 14.00 portieres at, per pair 10.5O
K made with French bands and come in ankle or knes vfiCS^ Vei 7. handsome,- and if made in a foreign land, in-
T. lengths. Extra good value. Each......'.. ..BOc 1 \tT • stead of bein« the product of Yankee skill, the pru:c McCall'S magazine
As %?>v< would be at least double. Per yard 15c ; . # » w
y Ladies' imported swiss lisle union suits in pink, blue C^P-^tt r A • ' T^' s standard fashion magazine, with beautiful col-
A7 or white. They button down the front and are hand- Firkk&ll Imported wash fabrics— something entirely new. ored plates and interesting information rtKardimr
m somely finished. Low neck, no sleeves, ankle length. HfWFr.j J he groundwork is of solid pink. blue, lavender or dressmaking, fancy work. etc.. together with one re-
/, per suit $1.35— high neck, short sleeves, ankle 4$&&iMj black, into which are woven— not printed— original liable, perfect fitting 15c pattern, is furnished for <?0c
a length, per suit $1.75— high neck, long sleeves. 'an- (iS5^^ % beautiful new patterns in lacy stripes, serpentine a year by mail or 30c -i delivered to subscriber over
¥ kle length, per suit "... ......$1.85 -¦ \/<y3lfvi[ "trures and conventional designs. One of the hand- the counter.
f. embroideries and veilings j|f | " imported novelties in wash fabrics-fine and sheer unusual values
W Cambric and nainsook embroideries— edgings and , ij : : I J /' t«t very. strong cloths with solid colored grounds. j n ar^ needleWOPk.
r, insertions— 1 to 3 inches wide— thirty or more pretty f, H : : H 11 mto which are woven stripes and figures m original T *
if patterns — now per vard.. ............5c /f :: "'V and attractive designs. We feel safe in saying that White linen Battenberg braids— Nos. 4. 5, 6, 8 and
y ' " •••••••••••••• /* rH ¦• v*\. these beautiful goods will become very popular. .10 I0 — warranted 36 yards to the piece — regular price
|y Swiss, "cambric and nainsook edgings and inser- £' *•'!"" -'-iVW^ inches wide. Per yard ...; 5Oc a piece- — now '. 2Se
ij tions— half a hundred different patterns— all new and filvni\n^^ \r ¦ , Stamped cambric doylies in a great variety of pat-
f very beautiful— 2 to 8 inches wide— now, per yd.. 15c Hup. : \- i$<i\v Mercenzed cotton foulards— fabrics that so closely terns— 20 inch size— now, and this price is no more
V o j • t. 1 • j j „ j 1. M- MilB i' 'fBfWv^S resemble silk that only an expert can distinguish the than you would have to oav for th^ stamnino- »&>«<•
I 18 and 27 inch plain or dotted tuxedo mesh veilings [A : $ :h :bM$sg& difference a few feet away. The designs, too arc each' stamping alone.
Lood uS"«.cp ri cci various interesting items frora^he crockery store SSK2?
y Perfection hooks and eves — • T . f ; i ¦* ,' ; V: - "- : • , ' -V' : -T^.: V * ir Z
f. sizes 3 and 4-regular price ',0 Und they are but a few taken almost at random from many equally interesting. There are substantial, worth-while savings offered neriVls I and H^"^,. 1 ™"
Y -per card of two dozen- >w on every item nsht down the line. We purchased large supplies and procured them at an advantageous figure. The^ ad- hands in fr«h Be i.nrin2« /
f, ••;••:;••, • ...i'« vantage is turned to your account. There will be no such opportunity again this season. . tems and v^ hTnlm P '
\ '> ~ Ladies Tound gartt.l — ~ ' .' b anu 5*^ nana3 °ni« col-
P made of fancy frilled elastic, in Handled tea cups and saucers— the popular Baltimore shape— regular price $1.20 a dozen— now 79c onn SS — each 50c
1 0 ™^? QaSS beiTy dishes - r « uIar P" ce 3°c a dozen-now, each................. , lc Percale dress shirts with de-
fj les— regular -price 20c a pair- C o m b i- % 7 inch break- h tachablelmk cuffs-very hand-
C —two gross in the lot— now. a " d h^ n^ le /^^^sJ^^^ usual price 70c . |fj? \^0*^^k+9 fc sizes 14 to 17 — each 75c
W Fast dye darning cotton in (/L\ -_J each -now ',[( yjLrll !.. 49e I 'i vffi/r^^t^V, / Muslin nightshirts —-made '
i black, white, ecru and brown — \M .* is^^^X A ....... SOt: . \V /«%? *cLrV 11 M 1!' if % \ • S1^ C an - cnBrt * 1 w '^ neat
w now, per ball of 42 yards. . .2c ysOr^. !y\ ***** o&2&--~J? ;¦ I # ! j |||H|T> | ) J&h trimmings m blue or red — i
1 Hairpin cabinets— contain- A ifrfl^^y^ I Large size Large size ' ||! 1 SlljlpiSti X|| cach
f_ ing one hundred heavy and in- V^ \[ j ewers and ba- r^^X <r -r^5\ dinner plates — / thPl^jF— -*BL ' Jj$W *r •
W 7 visible wire hairpins in. assort- \\V/ ' / c : nc _ nr>w -r>A ___Z— — -^ in olain or fan- H ISj W*25~-«f *3jm " Men 9 , menno or natural
f ed sizes-regular price 5c each W'> ~/*J s ms-now, and 1 ZZT jWSE£z&*L g"y wool mixed half-hose-
[•) —now 3c \U yV/p o ; they'll surprise \ / 2.7 1 dtSlZns ~ ' E^^~-*f23&$M$SS^ warm and serviceable— now *
Q \^^-'^ / j/ ° y ry O \x when you \. Z.'?** regular* price; ""^^^EJ^^^^^SSSfc^^^^. three pairs for 5Oc I
f, Fure, wholesome chocolate creams . . see tHem each x *^— —^^ e * J -ioc nnw • '-^r — ~=^— w * •= : ',ijp— -** _. '; /
a 35c Ib inem, caci , -y. iuc cacn now oozT" —¦ —^ — " Fin% tine of Hudnut's peerless
Hole's.
Hole's.
Hole's.
RECISTCRCD TRADE mXrK
/Sf^^Ssj&r The s# H * * M> skirt Bind "
*T» i^^^^j^ ing* we the richest and most
«y^^A elegant bindings made.
jfT^fcyy \ A ! For the prevailing styles In
jft^shbtJ I U l^ vni $- H. & M. Bias Velveteen
& \\v^^ 7 ij or ta$ Corduroy Skirt Bindings
& vv vS, \ b lilBtti arc '"^^P^ 1552^^- ,Thcy come
(. h\ wl. \ iiSm ' n cvcr y P° ssl b' c «ha'dc — they fit iji
J vu v s \ ptffliMwt l^' S^' lrt P cr^" cct 'y — the x not %
i J^ \\ \ \^"^^^^WS£L chafe or wear the shoe like the ri_
/Wi 'ity^&F***** 1 °'^ Tajhior.cd braids. tr
¦ i^Wv^f^%^ ' A wli: s - H - & ¥- Vc !-
2\52iS$£ >iV»i«»^^S^^^£* veteen or Corduroy Binding is
\J0%^!dj\vf ' *^^^^f ' 3CSt l^' n 2 n l^ c W0r^ tor a
'w^^/4A»«A£^ ?^^^^ rainy-day or short skirt. It not £
\ f^i^^^'hy^^^ tive ciTect of the skirt but prevents i
•+ >^\-^^&v r ' iilSszi^^ " s e^ c TOm cin S cut or frayed p.
For the genuine look for the : k
— js S. H. & M. registered trade V
Si YV\\^^^sTiH maf k on c^ c ac^ or on c ' a^ c '«
I Friedman's Furniture^ _
I *'/<-"''' *^*^v '*?T -* * "A *'.
I They Make Your Guests /
I "Feel at Home," good, solid oak dining chairs
I do. Such chairs help you to entertain. These f
I , arc that kind, golden finished. They are built on
& strong" but graceful lines. Selected oak, boxed
I cane seat. Arm Ghair $4 Guest Chair $2 -
§ ' DifFcrent designs in chairs number hundreds and of many woods and
H designs. Some striking carved golden and Flemish oak up to $50 & $75
I You Hadn't Time Last Week
I To attend our : Stock-Taking Carpet Sale? We*
I will continue it^ another week to give all a chance
I to get a good carpet for a" little money—
1,2 patterns of Savonnerie Axminster, regular $1.75, 31.40
1*3 patterns of Hartford Axminster, regularly $1.50, $ | .20 *
I 3 patterns of Whittal's Body Brussels, reg. $1.40. SI .1 6
I - 2 patterns of Smith's Axminster, regularly $1.35, SI. I 5
1 3 patterns of Wilton Velvet, regular price ; $1.25, 3 |.,| O
I 4 patterns of Lowell Body; Brussels, regular $1.50, 3 |;.\| 0
B 4 patterns of Smith's best Tapestry, regular $1.00, 75 C.
I 2 patterns of 7 Wire Tapestry, regularly 85C. 60 C."
I Prices Include Sewing, Lining and Laying
H Free dellTcry Oakland Altmeda Berkeley
IlllSi M - FRIEDMAN & CO; &,,
wL ¦-... . ,. :.:'.....'" ' -,- ,.,:.-' (Incorporated) . ; '.
go«©a©o»e©eQo»ocoo©o«oooo©Qoooo«»»©©oo«e*oo»c
• . •••viIvjAIN I IC/«o* 2
• ¦ ¦ ¦ : ¦ . S
© AT THE- q
ipfiiSiiiilSl
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST. •
3 — ' — : — : — : — — — : 1 °
a Is nearing- its clcslng days. Those who have not S
0 taken advantage of this UNPRECEDEN TED C FJER- *
% ING will lose a chance that comes rarely. °
I STILL GREATER CUTS. I
§ GARMENTS AT PRICES*THAT PRECLUDE COMPETITION |
1 ALL THIS SEASON'S GARMENTS. • I
g $15.00 ALL-WOOL GOLFING SUITS at... 55.05 •
© S7.50 BLACK TAILOR SUITS at .. '"* ** *«3.05 2
g $17.50 GRAY CAMEL'S HAIR SUITS at *" *****'s7.O5 O
• $20.00 FANCY TRIMMED SUITS at......... ****""** >S.45 •
5 , $35,00 PEBBLE CHEVIOT HIGH GRADE TAILORED* SUITS. 2
O*-- silk-lined throughout; tight-ntting, at.... $1S.4.S q
¦J. ¦¦•$3-50 JACKETS at..... *** 91.75 ©
5. $500 JACKETS at...;............. ..I.*.*.'..'.' $2.45 •
• $10.00 JACKETS at. . ;*.....[..!! 5
g $12:50 JACKETS at... '";**' ]'.['..'. .$G.OZ O
g $2.00 BLACK HOMESPUN SKIRTS at 05<s •
O $400 EXTRA QUALITY RAINY-DAY SKIRTS at 91.T3 ft
Q $6.00 ALL-WOOL GOLFING SKIRTS at. .92.05 o
g, $S.oo;BLACK CLAY WORSTED SKIRTS at 92.45 •
9 : $3 .00 BLACK CAPES at 91.45 •
O $xo.oo GOLF CAPES. 36 inches long at" ** 95.05 g
g; $6.56 COMBINATION FUR COLLARETTES at 92.45 S
5 ,$10:00 CHINA-SEAL FUR CAPES at.... .95.O5 •
• $15.00 IMITATION MINK CAPES at.. .9S.O5 2
g $2.50 AMISILK WAISTS .tt 91.45 g
g :¦ $4.00 FRENCH FLANNEL WAISTS, embroidered all over, at 92.5O •
S $6.50 SILK PETTICOATS at.; ' - 92.05 2
• $7.50 SILK PETTICOATS at...;. .][... .....'^S.OS o
••••••••••••••••••••• ##9# 0 #9#9#######9f##4 l ## g
Hale's.
Hala'a.