PRICE FIVE OEXTS.
BOER GENERAL BOTHA
SAID TO BE ARRANGI NG
TERMS FOR SURRENDER
as follows:
LONDON. Feb. 22. 1301.— Ellra Adelaide
Chad wick: No such c«>e in the Registry.
PROBATE REGISTRY. London. '
Mr. and Mrs. Schneider; eorry to dash
the hopes cf their daughter, but unwill
ing to have an engagement to marry con
tinue under these circumstances, gave
Nora to understand that her dream was
over. The eame night she returned her
diamond engagement ring and other gift?.
Nevertheless, she. was married to Chad
wick the succeeding night, which was
last Saturday. Now Mr. and . Mrs.-
Yesterday It was learned that.^hadwiclt
began his operations In Sarx. Francisco at
the Donohoe-Ke'Iy Bank - some Weeki
ago. According to the statements made at
the bank Chadwick called the.r» with a
draft for $1000 'from a- New Zealand bank
on New York. He was allowed to depojlt
this and received a passbook with the un
derstanding that he would not : :ehec)c
against it until the genuineness of the
draft had been ascertained. A few day*
later a. check for ££0 came lrt fronx A.
Andrews for a diamo-d rinir. That was
paid. Since then there has , been a con
tinual 'succession of checis from, people
to whom they were sriven by Chadwick.
Another cablegram simply said thif tho
Chancery Register had no knowledge-of
the case. .• ¦
"No St. James road. Blackfriacrsi' no
name Edward Patrick Havden., .either
barrister cr solicitor. ;n directory.**--.- "• •
Port Costa. Dr. Riley had taken him In
as a partner. Since them I. hava been
locking for him.".
Yesterday more cablegrams arrive^ from
London and additional knowledge vai
gained concerning: Chadwlck's operations
In San Francisco and In Crockett. Tfta
first cablegram was signed by the Ameri
can Consul In London aad said, under date
of February 25: .'• : ' . ,. o '°"V
they ate breakfast at Dr. RUey's house at
his Judgment. Three cablegrams were- dis
patched.- The first answer- received was
LURED BY CLAUDE MELNOTTE TALES
PRETTY YOUNG GIRL OF CROCKETT
MARRIES ADVENTURER AND DEPARTS
TRAINS ON COAST LINE.
Force by March 24.
Passenger Schedule Will Be Put Into
SANTA BARBARA. Feb. 26.-It Is af
flclally stated here to-night that „ trains
will be running on the new Southern Pa
cific ccost line between 6an:a Barbara
and San Francisco bv March 24. -The
schedule includes two passenger trains
each way dally.
Some were for goods, seme- for money. A
number came from Crockett; others from
San Francisco. In th« aggregate they
have amounted to thousands of dollars/
The bank has refused to pay any of them.
A letter was received from Crockett ye3-'
terday which contains a long list of najnes
of persons who are supposed to have re
ceived checks from Chadwick. Th« Il3t
includes A. A. Paul. Dr. W. C. Yate*;
Mr. McMahon, manager oi the Hotel
Crockett; Ed Freund. bookkeeper for
Epplnger & Co.: W. O. Hawes. editor et
the Crockett newspaper: J. M. Golobeck
of the Starr Hotel: J. W. Broder. dry
good9 merchant: Rube Curry, liveryman:
Dr. J. S. Riley. and F. J. Jordan, furni
ture agrent. ¦ -¦;..: • " •
Last evening Mrs. Schneider was - hi
great distress. She feared that Chadwick.
would do her daughter harm, as he had
threatened to shoot Nora and himself If".
any one came between them. He hail
constantly carried a pistol at Crockett to
use. if molested, against a younfmm
of Crockett, who waa fond of the girl.
Mrs. Schneider wept as she told her piti
ful story. ¦'- ' ¦
Chadwick is about ,CS years old. ° H*
wears a Prince Albert coat and usually
dresses in black. His hair and mustache
are black. He has the manners of an ed
ucated man.
Nora Schneider, when she left .home,
wore a black silk skirt, a green velvet
waist figured with white, a green hat with
light green tips and some yellow feather?
in front, tan shoes and- black leggings.
She is a brunette, plump, not v«xr tall
and is 17 years old,
i ' • ¦¦
'•Chadwick married my girl in this way;
He took a forged telegram, which he
signed with my name, to Nora, telling her
that I wished her to marry- Chad wick a t
once. 'At that Bhe was very happy. She
kissed her grandmother, and her two
Bisters and went out with .Chadwick and
•was married that night ; by Rev. Mr.
Travis in Crockett. The next morning
Chadwick Uses Forged Telegram.
"After he had gone • I felt uneasy and
went down to the foot of Market street to
meet him when he returned. The train
he should . have come on was < late and
vf hen 1t came In I found that he was not
there, and In the meantime my train to
Crockett* had gone. >*-*;.*.
"My husband and I came down to the
city last Saturday and went to see our at
torney, Mr. Humphrey. Chadwick came
on the same train and entered the build-
Ing Just before we did. He met us and
told me that there was a mistake; that
Mr. Humphrey had telegraphed to the
¦wrong courx and that he (Chadwick) would
send a cablegram and get an answer
showing that It vaa all right and as he
had represented. 'We were together
some during the day after that. He said
that he wanted the diamond ring, which
he had left in Crockett, for something
and he would go up there and get it and
return on tha next train.
Schneider are searching for Chadwick and
his bride.
Concerning the wedding and the events
immediately preceding it, Mnu Schneider
tells the following story:
SO&E OP THE PEOPLE CONCERNED IX THE ROMANCE THAT IS STJP
' PLYING CROCKETT GOSSIPS TVITH MATERIAL AND WHEREIN A,
MODERN CLAUDE MELNOTTE WINS A MAIDEN FAIR. '' '.'¦
But Mr. . and • Mrs. Schneider,, having
kept a hotel . at : Vallejo , Junction some
years, had some natural suspicion that all
might, not '.be right after all,. They, came
to" San Francisco and sought the services
of Attorney C,-F, Humphrey, who 'ad-'
vised that cablegrams of inquiry be sent
to London*. The result - dhT not disprove
ITora's Parents Become Suspicious.
"Why," asked Nora's mother of. the Im
petuous Chadwick, "are you In such haste
to marry my girl? You have known her
only two. weeks."
A flood of the most ardent declarations
of affection formed the answer.
Given, unaer my ; hand and seal, at Somer
set House, London, E. C, this 15th - day of
January, In tho year of our Lord '1931.'
JAMES A. BOWMAN, Probate Judge. .
These are, therefore, to command ¦ you. the
said Ernest Moore Chadwick. to be and ap
pear In your own proper person, or by your
attorney or. counsel, before I this honorable
ccurt on or before the 1st day of March, 1333,
at eleven (11) of the clock in the forenoon,
and eo from day to day as may be required
of you, and then and there receive from iald
executors the said sum of thirty-one thousand
pounds sterling (£81.000), this sum being your
full share of the said estate, by virtue of the
aforesaid will. . . ¦
The High Court of Chancery in its probate
Jurisdiction: The estate of the late Eliza
Adelaide Chadwick, widow, deceased— All to
whom these presents • shall come, greeting:
Whereas, on the 24th day of November., in the
year 1300, at Stockwell Park road. London.
E. C, Eliza Adelaide Chadwick died, and, by
virtue of an instrument In writing executed
by ; her, the »ald Eliza Adelaide Chadwick.
opened and read by Edward Patrick Hayden,
a barrister of Grays bulldlngr. Strand. London,
and Mrs. Edith Adelaide Oliver, now of Stock
. well road. London, E. C, executors of the
aforementioned Instrument. Ernest Moore
Chadwick. a physician and surgeon of San
Francisco, California, United States of Amer
ica, was named as heir at law in the Bald
Instrument, the said instrument being the Jast
will . and testament. . The 2 f oresald Ernejt
Moore . Cha4wlclt was bequeathed the sum of
thlrty-ono thousand pounds • sterling | (£31.030)
In good and" lawful' co!n of Great Britain.
Take notice, that 'on the 14th day of January,
In th«- year of our Lord 1901. application . was
made by the aforenamed executors before this
High Court of Chancery. "In rts Probate Jur
isdiction,"^for leave to administer* the said
estate, and It ha* been decreed by his honor,
the Presiding Judge, that the petition of said
executors 'shall be granted and a final distri
bution of the said estate be "made on the 1st
day of March, 1902.
aster and Seventeen Men' Are
Lost in Desperate Battle.
MOMBASSA. East Coast of Africa, Feb.
2S.— A British expedition .of 500 men. after
making an eighty-day march of 114 mileb
Into the Somali country to punish the
natives for killing Bub-CommlsBioner Jen
ner, was attacked February 19," at Banas
sa. twenty-nine mllej from Affmadu. and
lest seventeen men killed; including Lieu
tenant Colonel MtUland. ; v
Tho Somali* wore beaten off with the
lost* of 130 men killed, • ThaeaUlo cap
tured on the march were stampeded and
loat. The expedition had returned to
Affmadu,
Punitive Expedition Meets With Dis-
BBITISH SOLDIEES
KILLED BY AFRICANS
The reason' for their withdrawal Is that
they are displeased with the position as
signed them In line. They insisted on be
ing either the escort to the President or
having the right of line. President Mc-
Klnley will be escorted by the Army and
Navy Cadets and Troop A of Cleveland,
Ohio.
WASHINGTON, Fpb. 2S-— General Dan
iel E. Sickles, who was appointed marshal
of the fourth division of the Inaugural
parade, which was to consist of the Grand
Army of the Itepublic and other veteran
organizations, declared to-night that he
had nocdmmand, because the veterans
refused to parade.
Were Not Given Proper Posi
tion in the Line.
Grand Army Men Declare That They
VETERANS WILL NOT
PARADE FOR BPKINLEY
days before his death on a fly leaf torn
from a book, and much scratched, the
olographic will of the late Stephen M.
White was filed for probate to-day. The
brief will Is as follows:
LOS ANGELES. Feb. IT. 1M1.-I hereby will,
devise ar.d bequeath to my beloved wife, Hor
tense. all my property. I appoint her execu
trix of this, my last will, without bonds. I
reccgnlz© my children— William, Hortense,
Eetelle and Gerald G. I revoke all wills here
tofore trade by me.
STEPHEN M. "WHITE.
.The petition shows that the deceased
left an estate valued at about $118,000.
Was Written Only Four Days Before
His Death, on a Flyleaf Torn.
From a Book.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 2S.— Written four
SENATOR WHITE'S WTLI,
IS FILED FOR PROBATE
At 4:25 o'clock a crowd again attacked
•the Jail, securing possession of the keys
erid entwlre the cell- room. A piece of
:. -railroad timber twenty-five feet long and
pfsrht inches thick was used as a battering
ram- The cell was quickly opened and
Ward was dragged forth. He realized
.that no mercy could.be expected from the
.mnb ar.d fought with V. e desperation of a
bea^t at bay. but a Mow from a heavy
: hammer felled him.
" A noose was adjusted to his neck and
the mob started with Its victim toward
the Wabash bridge. The feeble resistance
made by the man after the blow with the
hammer was soon quieted by the savage
Jblova of the mob.
Many are of the opinion that the negro
T.as dead before the scene of the hanging
mas reached. The rope was thrown over
•one of the upper beams and the body
drawn up. It had been twinging In that
position but a short time when some one
Fujrgested burning. Immediately a fire
was kindled on the bank of the river near
•the bridge. Into the fire the body, bear
ir.j: r.o signs of life, was thrown, and fag
•frots were piled upon It. The feet pro
"tr.udM from the fire on one side, the head
<o"n. the other Fide.
• The fire had hardly b**n started when a
ir.arf arrived with a can of turpentine,
•which was poured upon the flames. After
.that the eombus*f»»i|. efj m seemed to flow
fpor.tAneoufly toward the fire, and the
fiairses leaped high, walle the body of the
murderer was rapidly consumed.
Xfctre was no. attcapt at.dlszrilse on
bttt was driven back by Jailer Lawrence
Or.Dcr.r.clI. who fired over the heads of
th r - mob. Deputy Sheriff* Cooper, Hessick
cad L^foree were struck by scattering
Fhot ar.d Ellghtly Injured, but nobody in
the crowd was hurt.
• At noon the crowd cutside the Jail, r.um
/bering several hundred, including men.
¦v.-cir.<?n ar.d boys, broke the Iron coors.
; ..V.'ata was arrested at 10 o'clock at the
•<:ar.5\ : ork5. wh^ro h» was employed as a
labrrer. ar.d after being identified by two
citizens, trade a confession. His only ex
cuse for the murder was his allegation
.that Miss Firikelstein called him a "dirty
r.ig-ger" ar.d siapr^d his face.
;¦ A f^w ho.urs afrer hi? arrest a mob bat
t'"--d 'Sown th«» doors of the Jail, dragged
•' the^ fyrfsoixT to the V.'abash bridge sev
¦I'ffdl'f-^uitrff- away and hanged him to the
Viiri<Jg»-tfra»; Not content with the hang
i.r.fTi./The. crowd cut the. corpse down and,
iayir.B '.*t 'o.n a par.tjbfir undfr tho bridge.
¦'•¦•.kffidipd-.. «.'_?. re -and cremated the remains.
.; A, "militia f«rr.rar.y was ordered out by
-the Oq.rerr.or, but was top late to prc
\ OVL. the lynchir.c:.
.'.'TERRE HAVTE. In<I.. Feb. 25.— George
;TTmrdj (Jbe.'negro rto murdered M!ss Ida
-F.r.krlEtcin. a school teacher, by shoot
ir.r her ;wnh a shotgun and cutting her
throat yesterday afternoon, was lynched
tf-'cay.-:
Knox was a Canadian and a strong
drinker. A month ago he married Mrs.
Dayif, a widow many years his senior,
who conducted a boarding Jiouse. Yes
terday he quarreled with his wife, -and
in his anger ran forward with a rifle In
his hands and shot down his 12-year-old
stepson. Don Davis.
The mob was made up of about ?00 men,
fully armed. They caught and bound the
Sheriff and his deputies and battered
down the Jail door, soon securing their
prisoner. After Knox was strung up a
fusillade was- fired at his body. Knox
made no protest on the way out of the
Jail, simply repeating, "I did not mean to
do it." •
BCRANTON, Miss.. Feb. 26.-John
Knox, a white man. was lynched here to
night for the murder of Don Davis.
From Jail and Hang Him.
Mississippi Citizens Take John Knox
WHITE MAN IS XYNCHED.
Ward, was C7 years .old and leaves a
wife and two sons. He came here two
years sgo. from Clrcleville, Ohio. The
statement that he w%s at one time In an
insan-e. asylum was denied by the widow.
He served a Jail sentence in 1SS3 for lar
ceny.
The souvenir fiend, was on hand and in
force and fragments of. the murderer are
now scattered broadcast. One man,
while 'the foj»t still protruded from the
flames," offered 41 for a toe from the
"nigger's font." A venturesome youth,
drawing a kn!fe from his pocket, made a
das-h for the prize. He quickly amputated
a toe arid got his money. As the bones
began to crumble and fall .apart the frag
ments were drawn from the fire and car
ried away.
The certainty that the wretch was dead
did rot ¦ appease the anger, of the mob.
They fed the flames and watched tho
flesh ehrtvel to cinders and the bones
crumble and burn.
the part of any member of the mob. "With
in ten minutes cf the time when the mob
reached the bridge v.-lth the victim, the
people began to assemble in ever-increas
ing numbers. When the body was taken
down to be carried to the fire the east
bank of the river and the bridge on the
city side of «.he draw were crowded with
•thousands of men, womon and children
gazing at the awful spectacle.
So far the course of love had run
emothly' for. Nora, . As an ; assurance of
the reality of his coming wealth Chad
wiek presented to his^ prospective father
and mother in raw\a document which" bore
a gilt seal and several official looking
.stamps, That document read as follows;
SHows Old Folks the Document,
Was ever a young and Innocent coun
try girl given a better opportunity to be
dazzled? Furniture galore was ordered.
A fine settlement should Nora have
$30,000 at the least. Charles "W. Ashford,
an attorney of this city, was instructed to
draw up In triplicate, engrossing the
same instead of typewriting them, a-pre
nuptlal settlement, giving Nora $20,000 In
her own rich t. Ashford was also In
structed to find a location In Oakland
upon which to erect a mansion. At -the
same time, to provide for the present
emergencies, pending the payment of the
coming $155,000, the amount of the legacy
from the deceased aunt, Ashford drew by
instruction papers to effect the transfer
of the lucrative practice of a certain
thriving country physician to Chadwick.
Then followed a certain momentous visit
to San Francisco, when Chadwick took
Nora* as she Is called, and her mother to
the White House, there to select the^girl's
trousseau. None but the costliest fabrics
would do. Nora, the pretty^ country; girl,
must be garbed like a' queen to suit the
esthetic taste of -.this princely purchaser.
A bill of goods amounting to more than
$700 was ordered. On Nora's engagement
finger already ¦ glittered a $250 diamond
ring, the gift of Chadwick. Already he
had ordered for her a diamond tiara to
cost $1500 and diamond earrings to cost
$400.
Chadwick was not slow to see his ad
vantage. Like Claude Melnotte, he prom
ised jewels,, costly apparel, a handsome
home, luxury. In due time the parents
sent out notices of the engagement of
their daughter to Chadwick.
Less than 8ix weeks ago Ernest Moore
Chadwick appeared for the first time at
Crockett. He was seemingly without
money or friends.' He accepted a position
as waiter In a hotel, so the .story goes.
Hardly a week had passed before he saw
pretty Xora Schneider. From that mo
ment, seemingly, dated his purpose to woo
and win her. He Is educated and Is a phy
sician, and fraternal society . membership
gave him the chance to rise and resume
the position of a professional man. .In a
fortnight he was assisting lnt the practice
of a Port Costa physician. Directly there
after he posed as a. capitalist, as the.pos
sessor of money in hand and the heir to
the large estate of an aunt in England.
Then he felt qualified to pay his addresses
to. pretty Nora, and as many another girl
has done, Ehe listened to his ardent words
and looked upon him as a desirable suitor.
PRETTY Noralne Pearl Schneider
was hurriedly married last Sat
urday night at Crockett to Ernest
Moore Chadwick. This simple
announcement marks the culmin
ation of a village romance in which sup
posititious fortunes, tiaras of diamonds,
costly gowns, bank drafts, the love of a
little country maiden, the scheming of an
adventurer and dreams such as Claude
Melnotte might have inspired mlnglf.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 26. -Captain William
Anderson and his crew of three men were
brought Into port this morning by the
schooner Ellen. Captain Osterhauf. They
had been picked up by the Ellen at
Geronimo Island, where their schooner,
the Acme, was wrecked on the 5th of the
present month. Anderson had been gath
ering guano on the lower coast and had
taktn on about half a cargo at St. Mar
tins and Geronimo. On the morning of
the-5th the Acme started sail from Geron
imo Island. The rudder broke and was
carried away. The sails were up and the
stiff wind drove the schooner en the rociis
before the anchor could be dropped. She
is a total loss. i
a Storm and Is Driven on
the Rocks.
Schooner Acme Loses Her Rudder iu
VESSEL IS WRECKED,
BUT SAILORS ABE SATE
war. referring to the li^use burning, etc.,
averring that in treachery and cruelty the
balance was against the British. He con
gratulated the Boers on having a different
record.
Brwierick replied that the British con
duct was humane. It was not true that
the country had been devastated, deliber
ately and by wholesale. Farm houses hail
been burred for cause -and -portions of the
country had been devastated because it
had been fought over five or .six time?.
In some cases the B»»ers deserted the':r
h9u?«i and thf»-KaiHrs bunnyi-ihejn. -The
Secretary, during: his remarks, reaffirmed
that tin Government had not civen the
slightest intention of ?:ving way In the
question of independence.
Dillon offered an amendment objecting
to house-burning and' the imprisonment
cf wemen and children, which was rejsct
od by 93 to "43 votes.
The reply to the Kii>g"s speech was
adopted by 247 to 9" votes.
. ¦».?¦¦»¦¦»¦¦»__»__»._»._«._»_¦»¦¦»¦« .«. » » « » ...» » . «
FUGITIVE PRESIDENT OF
ORANGE FREE STATE AND
LEADER OF HIS TROOPS.
WO.IEN AND CHILDREN WATCH
r A NEGRO BURNED BY A MOB
nOVDON. .- Feb. 27.— The Daily
Chronicle this mornlr.g publisher
l •- osd.ef reserve a rumcr that
¦"* Lord Kitchener has met General
Botha to arrar.ee terms for the
furrerder of the Boers and that an arra'.?
t:ee of twenty-four J ours ttp.s grants!
the Beer commar.dant reneral to enable
him to consult with the other commanJ
ar.ts.
According: to- the Daily Chronicle the
Cabinet Council yesterday considered this
rw turr ; of affairs.
"It i? reported that Genera! Louis Botha
If now between Krzneljo and Middleburg."
rays a dispatch to the Daily Mali from
• Pie-enr.ariTzr.urg. ''"asi-i that two peace
drfe<?aTc5 from Belfast— Messrs. De Kock
end Meyer-haii? been shot."
A s-pecial from Durban, Natal, says: It
If "V:i:«"'! here that in the recer.t flghtins
bet»«gj| the Bo?rs ar.-l the British in the
Trar KVXAl and Cape Cclony the latter cap
ered, ir/.a/iditicn to other supplies .il
;v\ady mer.:5.ni:ed. over a ton of dynamite.
The Boers :are T**porte.i to- have lost 300 in
k:; : e ] cr.d vrodddnd. Altogether about 353
-.r« were taken.
A Cape Town •¦special says: It is ru
rr.oroti"'here that Gentral De-wet's fprce
h.cs smashed,- bui Dewet succeeded
!r. rr.r.kir.r his escape.
•¦•.Not.- 'since,' j&e days of the Romans,"
Ea:<jjohn D'Upn; the Irish Nationalist, in
. ¦;ihft.H' v -r< > 01 Cdtoinbas to-<5ay. en the ro
*-;:rr:Jon e? the d^bat«*. on the address in
-«"5>"r ?o .the' King: Si sp/««?<?ft at'the"openlng
i joiC ¦pzri'.arjctft^ "juts' mjt cnro.y mn.de a habit
rf: capturing' ;^*P«i «d children as 'the
Erjtif1S;4rer.erils- in So^iih. Africa are Jo-
This. zCdeil iSiUcn. -was cruel ar.d cow
grily. To put Boer ¦women on !*.a]f ration?
.b^cafw? ib«4r husbands had not surren
dered. a«- was the urWeriiwi practice in
;rn» rrc.r.ofntrado camps, was worthy of
' the. worst lsrirar.d? of Sicily and Greece.
This. p'Kn of starving wosi^n and children
.. : V.a4 Reea adop-trd by the Secretary of
AVar. Mr. Broderick.
.-../•ZMlfefh th^r. went over the record of the
Another meeting of the Ministers was
held to-day. Mr. Rockhill. the acting
American Minister, again precipitated the
question of seizing private property for
the use of various legations, and he vig
orously protested against any such seiz
ure unless the property was paid for.
"I do not know what I have done to
make me deserving of death, but if be
headine me will make foreign troops evac
uate Peking and ray Emperor return I
am satisfied to die. I will die a patriot."
Before the executioner did his work.
Lieutenant- Colonel Gore Shlba, military
attache of the Japanese legation, visited
the condemned men and treated them to
champagne. ChCh Siu said to him:
The two Chinese officials were recently
turned over by the Japanese to the board
of punishments. Their execution was on
the same spot where four members of the
Tsung li Tamen "were put to death dur
ing: the siege for .favoring- foreigners. A
great crowd assembled to witness the ex
ecutions.
PEKING. Feb. 2S.-Chih Slu. former
Grand Secretary, and Hsu Cheng. Yo. son
of the notorious Hfu Tung, were publicly
beheaded to-day. The street in which the
execution took place was guarded by
French. German and American troops.
The condemned officials were taken to the
ground in carts, escorted by a company
of Japanese Infantry. Chih Siu met his
death fate in a dignified manner, walking
from the cart calmly and fearlessly. Hsu
Cheng Yo was stupefied with opium. They
were both dressed in their Chinese offi
cial costumes, without the insignia of
their rar.k.
One Meets Death Bravely
and Declares He Is
a Patriot.
Guilty Officials Are
Executed in Street
of Peking,
TWO CHINESE
ARE PUBLICLY
DECAPITATED
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, -.1901.
VOLUME" LXXXIX— NO. 89.
The San Francisco Call.phases of the question, in the course of
which he said he knew the enemies of the
Nicaragua bill would employ every device
to kill the measure, the resolution, upon
his motion, was referred to the Committee
on Rules.
During the speech on the. Philippine
amendment Morgan said that if it were
the intention of Platt of Connecticut,
chairman of the Committee on Relations
with Cuba, to pres3 the Cuban amend
ment offered yesterday it would require
considerable discussion, though he had
no intention of filibustering.
A bill was passed for the relief of par
ties for property taken from them by mili
tary forces of the United States. The bill
provides for the payment for horses tak*n
from Confederate soldiers after the- sur
render of General Lee.
In the army appropriation bill debate
Morgan presented a redraft of the amend
ment he had offered relating t6 -the re
striction upon the sale of public lands in
the Philippines and the granting of-fran
chises that were not indispensable to the
proper development of the islands. Lodge
of Massachusetts, chairman of the Phil
ippine Committee, accented it. ¦
wolcott presented a conference report
Governor for his signature. The bill pre
*ents the name of any candidate appear
ing on a ballot more than once
PATRICK IS ANXIOUS
T6 LEAVE HIS CELL
Many Deaths From Plagne.
BOMBAY. Feb. 28,-There have been SM
deaths' In Bombay City during th» laat
twuj'days. Of this number 400 were due to
bubonic plague.- - ¦-
NEW TORK. Feb. '-a—Albert Patrick,
charged with forging the name of Wil
liam Marsh P.lce. was taken to the office
of the District Attornev to-<Jay and It
«D a9^ aId Th e , WOUld »*nmt3l Pto ban in
«*££'» J na . 1 amount In cash has been
frwii e^ th , tf l e C i ty Chamberlain by
friends of Patrick^ John T. Mllllken a
man «facturin 5 J chemist of St Louis
en the postoffice appropriation bill. He
explained that the conference committee
had agreed upon the eleven points of dif
ference between "the two branches with
the exception of two. Both of these
amendments v.ere offered by Butler of
North Carolina. The first was a provision
appropriating $20,000 to make the expert,
ment of establishlne repositories or mail
boxes in which mail matter may be placed
in towns or hotels which do not enjoy
the privileges of free delivery of mail,
duplicate keys to the teposltories beini;
held' by the residents of the villages or
hamlets. The second point of difference
was the Senate amendment directing ;he
Postmaster General to Investigate the
question of establishing a postal telegraph
.system. Wolcott inquired whether th»
conferees should recede from the amend
ments or further insist upon them. The
Senate further instated upon the contest
ed amendments and they were returned to
conference.
Anti-Fusion Bill Passed.
TOPEKA, Kans., Feb. 26.— Senator Pes
tanas' bill, which prevents fusion, passed
the House to-day and was sent to the
CONGRESSMEN AGREE
ON HAZING QUESTION
"With Slight Modification, the Souse
Is Willing That the Law Shall
Be Passed.
WASHINGTON, Feb. .26.— The con
ferees of the Senate and the House have
reached an agreement on the hazing
amendment to the Military Academy bill.
Yielding to the demands of the Senate,
they have eliminated the provision in
serted by the first conference at the in
stance of the Dick Investigating commit
tee and the House conferees have agreed
to accept the amendment as originally
made by the Senate with modifications
and one addition.
The modification limits the time during
which offenders may be kopt' out of the
army or na%-y to two years, the Senate
making it perpetual, and the Marine Corps
is added to the organization?, appoint
ment to which they are rendered ineligi
ble. .The proposition as agreed upon is as
follows: ¦ •
"The superintendent of the Military
Academy shall make such rules, to be ap
proved-by the Secretary of War, as will
effectually prevent the practice of haz
ing: and any cadet found guilty of par
ticipating in or encouraging or counte
nancing suctnpracticc shall be summarily
expelled from the academy, and shall not
thereafter be reappointed to the corps of
cadets or be eligible for appointment as a
commissioned officer in the army, navy
or Marine Corps until 'wo years after the
graduation of the class of which he was
a member."
¦m
Small Steamer Wrecked.
MANILA,' Feb. 2S.— The steamer Newark
of the quartermaster's department has
been wrecked on Catanduanes'I«land. The
Newark is a small vessel used in trans
porting supplies. •. . - .
Admirals Not Promoted.
¦WASHINGTON, Feb. 2S.-The Senate
in executive -session to-night confirmed all
the naval, nominations for promotion sent
*n «xcept those of Admirals Sampson and
Schley.
;= : .TCASHINGTOX. Feb. 36"— In. the Bu
preme Coiirt of toe -UnUed. States to-day
Judee Wilson . entered su. .motion 'for. leave
xo 'file . a. x>et!tldn • for . writs of .certlorari
iandhafi^Mrs corpus in the case of Alexan
dtr now under Ertitence of the
i'::Uea States Circuit; Court oj Appeais
:>r thft Ninth Circuit id serve, a year's
iiriprifonraerst . in.; the-- Alacieda County
<<'&!i?'orn1a> . .^ail ' for- [contempt o% \ that
cu-urt ia coohectloa.tvttiiprt'^tedirgg con
¦joecW'd ¦¦ with.. h;>- receivership of. certain
nrints in AJfMsha!.- • : ..¦ . ; ' ¦¦;¦•-- '; ;¦ - .-• •«-
¦-. The' motion", alps tnclujJea! a -petition to
'admit "-the., prison/ex -toi.hail lKCtlinjj pro
ceedings '..in- the •Same co.ufl. TJie i court
iOck ins' matter ucder a^vlseniKit/ and it
Is pur-posed tfcfU. its .'decisida. will be xen
o<-.r«-a next Tuei-iiajv • " ¦_•¦','¦':' " : : : ' '•¦
During- a defc&tfl in thcSfenate" ¦fo^night
ujson the e* "tafolis&meni of the Philippine
Jufiiciary, J?lewart tiad referred' to the
¦"scandal", aitac rung to the' Judiciary in
tiTe N'orae dl«r:rt.in Ahsska"; ¦ " ¦'¦-• ¦
: . Referring to this statement Hansbrough
cf North i>akoti *;aiil that : sf.me of Stew
xrfs remarks had applied' to- .Judge
Arthur H. Noye?. 4! f. the -Oai«e Xome«If:s- ;
trjct. HansNriiugrh. read a letter frctn
Judpe N<-yt-.« ,1n ¦'*-"hich The- Waiter sa!4 that
all the gold 'AiiH which had ever- been in
¦ Receiver ilc'ive-r.zle's .-° -hatuis had been
rafely <tejx>?lTed. Xo b«:ho!d -until the final
vcM^potiticn cf. the: case against McKon2ie.
Juape Noyes 'also said -thsu he had re
cehe4 rcahy. efff-rs of mor.cy, but that
vthe "only offers I 'have received have been
offers to <Io- something' :in favor of the
>ar>g that is trying touosxmy me." :
• <~or,Uniur.g. Hafisbrous;}! said that, there
had teen strenuous efforts to have Judge
! . Noyes removed* .imt. that . these efforts
vtr« aJj.in the interests ©f "the corrupt
elertJect. He-.Jiad statements read show
ing shat. bribes of .various sums ranging
2.5 lrf?h as J2:..'V,ft had been offered to the
¦J-jVig.- and t hut his life tad been thrcat
fnei.: '-..¦ ¦¦ ¦¦.•' '•¦: ' ',
E^flyinp. Mr. Stewart said that he did '
not- intend that .Judee Noyes should be!
whit*, we plied in the Senate. He then read ;
*. v "Eta.ten:ent \>.f Noyes" connection with
Receiver >a!eK*nz!e. claiming that the two
in^n.fcad .tr-avelp.d in Alaska together and
alm<^it--Vimb»e<iia.t<ely. after their arrival j
MrK^r.ziie fcad received his appointment, i
The Judge had . evea mtide the appoint- >
rarnt -before the papers In the ca.«? had:
"been filed and injunctions riad been grant- I
ed without bond. Stewart, said h.-- con
sidered the record a -terrible 'one -and that '
h*^ considered N-oyes" offense deserving of |
.impeachment. He d:d not think any one ;
should apologize for Judge NToyes.
: Wliilc- Stewart was talking ther«» w>r« '
numerous caiis tnr the regular order, but :
F'ewert d^<!irpd that he would not be ¦
t^.ken off his feet. . ¦ ;
•I will listen to no appeal.* 1 he said, "to 1
¦cor.oea! the infamy of Norn-?."
Matter Is Taken Under Advieemsnt
aad:th« Decision, May Be' * •''
• ..' . . b • ndered in a Few •• ','
y.'-- :.•.;, O-'v •. Dayi..-'": .r ¦¦/. • } 7-
Habeas Corpus Writ ! Be
; fore the United States
Supreme (Jourt '. : 1
McKENZIE SEEKS
MORE FREEDOM
GOSHEN. Ind., . Feb. 26.— Passenger
train No, 9 on the Wabash, w-hich left
Buffalo last night, scheduled to^arrive in
Chicago this morning, was wrecked two
miles west of Millersburg "at 9:35 o'clock
this morning. The accident was' caused
by a broken rail.- The engine piussed over
the break- in safety, but the six. cars fol
lowing left the .rails, and one - of •' them
the , rear Pullman, rolled over on*- it's side'
and slid down a twenty-five foot embank
ment. Of the forty or more persons in
the train not one escaped injury, twelve
being severely hurt, some of whom will
probably die.
The railroad officials were very promot
in securing surgical aid and in a short
time special trains bearing surgeons were
hurrying to the scene of the wreck from
every available point in Northern Indiana.
Lake Shore Road officials also made ud
a relief train and .carried doctors to the
relief of the injured.
The little hotels at Mlllersburp and Ben '
ton, several miles from the scene of the,
wreck, were turned into hospitals. No
deaths are thus far reported, but some of
the Injured are. in a critical condition.
Broken Rail Causes Wreck
: of a Passenger Train
on the Wabash.
Colliers Warned,.t)ut Unable
to Escape From Death ,•
Trap.
»
KEMMERER, Wyo., Feb. 25.— The fol
lowing Is an incomplete list of the men
known" to be dead in the DiamondviUe No.
1 mine from thc fire that broke out last
night:
DAMIOXA DE FRANCAZCA. single.
GIUSEPPE ENDRIZZI. single.
SIORDONO GABARDI, single.
ATHLIO KUCOL. single.
GUISSEPPE TRAXZOI, married.
TORCUZO FRENZOI. married.
FANTO FORMOLO, single. . ;
BIELE HENELA, single.
• TAXANO AVANYINI, married.
ALESANDRO BARFAGXOLLI. mar
ried.
VORADO ANGELI. married.
DOXANODO ROANI, married.
PALMASCIO REAXl, married.
BISTISTA BASOLO. married.
JOHN BEIKIXENS, single.
JAMES and HEMMIUKI PYHALAHTI
(brothers), single.
JOHN PASANEM, married.
MAT TASMAEN, single.
EMIL AHO, single.
RANZ RAMLAMA, single.
THOMAS SIMPSON and son, HER
BERT SIMPSON. 17 years old.
FRANK DWYER, single.
With the exception of Thomas Simpson
and his son and Frank Dwyer, all the vic
tims are Austrlans. In addition there are
five Italians and seven Finlanders, whose
names are not yet learned, making a total
of thirty-six lives lost. It is given out by
Superintendent Thomas Sneddon and con
firmed by others familiar with the condi
tions that the lives of all the men were
certainly extinct within tnree minutes of
the lire gaining the ascendency.
The tire is believed to be extinguished.
At any rate, it is fully under control, and
Superintendent Sneddon announces that
he will open the mine to-morrow for the
recovery of the bodies. Preparations are
now under way for the reception of tho
bodies, the blacksmith shop having been
prepared as a temporary morgue.
While the horror is of less proportions
than the disaster at the Scotleld mines
anfl the still later one in British Colum
bia, it is still sufficient to impress itself.
The large proportion of men of families
among the victims adds to the general
distress, and all night long women and
children hung around the slopes filling
the air with their lamentations for their
lost husbands and fathers. By daylight
mopt of them were removed by thc gentle
hands of ministering friends."
An additional tragedy followed the main
one to-day. Thomas Simpson, who with
his young son Is among the victims, cams
to Diamondville from Alabama but six
weeks ago. bringing thc wife and mother,
in the hope the change of climate would
benefit her. The shock of last nights
tragedy wa* too great for Mrs. Simpson's
d«licat« health and to-day she died;- thus
every member -of this family is a victim
to the disaster. There are many other
sad and distressing incidents to be witr
nissed, but none more pathetic.
The origin of the fire has not been defi
nitely determined, but it Is thought it was
the result of carelessness by some one in
the drivers' cabin, back of the sixth level.
At this point the drivers congregate while
waiting for their loads, and it ia thought
a lighted wiFk was. left to smolder
among the rubbish.
The fire was discovered by Driver James I
Hudson and he states that had the miners !
who have lost their lives been English!
speaking the death list would hate been
much lower, for he gave the alarm
thoroughly and was severely burned him- j
self in his efforta to communicate the
danger to the unfortunates. He was him
self rescued with great difficulty and is
now under the doctor's care. The failure
of Simpson and njs son and Dwytr to re
spond to his summons is accounted for
by their too far distance to hear Hudson's
voice. Shortly after the breaking out of
the fire Superintendent Sneddon. arrived
Examination proved to him the impossi
bility of a single soul being alive in the
flames and heavy gases generated.
Several heroic attempts at rescue were
made, but all without avail, and when th©
hopelessness of saving any lives became
apparent. Superintendent Sneddon gave
orders to close the .level. This was done
at once, with the result that the fire was
brought fully under control, every open
ing being hermetleally-sealed.
o 1 * 1^ Prompt action of Superintendent
Sneddon in closing the mine and thus con
fining the fire and ultimately extinguish
ing it has prevented a vast property loss
and will make It possible for the companv
to resume operations without much loss o'f
time, in fact Mr. Sneddon has advised the
Oregon Short Line officials that the shut
down resulting from thc fire will be but
temporary and that he will resume work
before the close of this week. The experi
ence of the company In its fire in the
Fame mine two years ago. when the mine
wr.s closed for many months and a vast
property loss entailed, is not to be repeat
ed. Ever since the last fire was brought
under control the management has been
preparing for a repetition. False bulk
heads were put in on every level, with the
necessary material at hand. By this
means any portion of the mine could be
quickly and effectually converted into an
air-tight and fire-tight compartment.
These conditions prevailed last night and
when the hopelessness of recovering anv
il ves became apparent Mr. Sneddon
promptly sealed the portion on fire
FORTY PERSONS
ARE INJURED
Mils of the Awlul
Calamity In Wyo-
THIRTY-SIX
IN VICTIMS
TO FLAMES
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.— Soon after the
Senate convened to-dav a bill to supple
ment the existing law as to the disposi
tion of public lands was passed. It pro-
Lvides for the division of lands in-Okla
.homa into counties, for the establishment
of county seats, for the erection of court
: houses ; and for the appointment of tem
porary county officials.
The resolution of Morpan, coming over
from yesterday, declaring the Nicaragua
canal bill, the unfinished business of Uio
Senate, was called up. After Morgan had
made a brief statement regarding the
Safe Insurance.
In these days when there Is with many
companies no attempt to sell life insur
ance as such, but speculative insurance in
its stead, it is gratifying to those who be
lieve in life Insurance to see such a
healthy showing as is made by the Con
necticut" Mutual Life Insurance Company
Its assets of $66,000,000 have increased by
nearly $11,000,000 since 18S5, its surplus has
grown from $4,500,000 to over $7,000,000, and
the total amount of insurance in force
among its 68,361-pollcy holders has reached
over $161,500,000. During the same fifteen
years dividends amounting to s $17,200 000
nave been paid to policy holders. Always
a conservative company, the Connecticut
Mutual Life is stronger to-day than -ever
before, and 'shows abundant evidences of
sound growth and fruitfulness. It Is not
the size of the company, but what it doea
for us policy holders that most concerns
them. None. has. brought better results
to ltBorcembers than the staid, solid, old
Connecticut Mutual. -:.
Bill for a New Arrangement
of Lands Is Passed in
. the Senate.
Ppecl.il Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET.
N. W,, WASHINGTON', Feb. 26.— To the
sincere regret, not only of his own friends
but of those of Rear Admiral Schley,
Rear Admiral, /Scmpcon has, by
his unfortunate criticism of the enlisted
men of the navy, prevented the enact
ment of . legislation to reward the flag
officers of the Santiago fleet. '¦''.-
The intense feeling excited by the pub
lication of his' indorsement of the appli
cation of Gunner Charles Morgan for
recommendation for .promotion to the
grade of ensign was manifested in the
Senate to-day when Senator Allen of
vigorously assailed, the rear ad
miral.
"If Sampson wrote 'that letter." Allen
exclaimed, vhe Ts'a conceited ass."
Although Rear Admiral Schley's friends
were as anxious as those of Rear Admiral
Sampson that there should be no com
ment on the Morgan letter; they: were un
able to induce Senator Allen to refrain
from discussing it. The feeling which ex
ists against Rear Admiral" Sampson was
demonstrated both by the approval given
by the Senators to the. remarks of the
Nebraskan and the applause he receiX'ed
from the galleries." Encouraged by the
sympathy of his auditors Senator; Allen,
not content with calling Rear Admiral
Sampson a "conceited ass," denounced
him as "an arrant coward." ,
The incident occurfed when considera
tion of the army appropriation bill was
resumed. Morgan yielded the floor tem
porarily to Allen. After saying he was
satisfied the Philippine amendment and
the Cuban amendment to the pending bill
were unconstitutional, and objecting to
the conferring of such extraordinary
power upon the President, Allen read the
letter purporting to have been sent by
Chief Gunner Charles Morgan of the
navy to Rear Admiral V\\ T. Sampson,
requesting him to forward to the Navy
Department his application for promotion
to the rank of ensign, under a provision
of the pending naval appropriation bill.
He also read thc Indorsement of Admiral
Sampson upon the application of Gunner
Morgan, in th,o. course, of which the ad
miral is represented as saying, in brief,
that while he recognized Gunner Mor
gan's technical and professional ability,
ho was opposed to appointing warrant
officers to the grade of ensign because
they had not enjoyed the social advan
tages which Admiral Sampson held a
commissioned officer of the navy should
have enjoyed so that he might represent
properly his country, in foreign coun
tries particularly.
The indorsement of Admiral Sampson
expressed the admiral's hop>" that the
Secretary of the Navy would not ttnd it
necessary to recommend the promotion
of warrant officers of the navy to the
rank of commissioned officers. He said
the Indorsements proved beyond a
shadow of doubt tliat there wa.« "a snob
bish.aristocracy in the navy that IS detri
mental to the country and a disgrace to
the country, represented by this officer
and other like officers."
"If Admiral Sampson is the author of
those indorsements," declared Allen with
vehemence, "he is a conceited ass, and he
ought to be marked down as such. We
are not bringing up in this country a race
of snobs. It I am correctly Informed
there was a time when Sampson was no
better than Charles Morgan, the gunner.
"He came from no better stock. I nra
glad to repeat that we are not raising In
the United States a ' class of bejeweled
aristocrats. " If this rank and arrant cow
ard-is-to be believed, the time may- never
come in this country when, a poor boy
may attain to such a position as his abil
ities warrant him holding."
As Morgan rose to resume his speech,
Mr. Alien remarked: . • .
"I want to say to Sampson and to his
friends that I am responsible for what I
say.''
Senator Chandler .appealed- to Morgaji
to yield briefly to him that he might re
ply to Allen, but as several Senators,
among them Teller, Pettlgrew and Stew
art, announced their desire to reply to
Chandler, Morgan declined to accede to
Chandler's appeal. - -
Continuing his address, Morgan reached
the Cuban amendment, which he declared
was a "legislative ultimatum." Morgan
Insisted that Cuba never could and never
would accept the terms imposed by th«
Government, and this Government had no
right to demand that she should accept
them, since she "cannot accept them and
preserve at the same time her dignity a3
a sowrelgn and Independent nation."
In the House the old controversy be
tween Armirals Sampson and Schley was
made the subject of comment by Berry of
Kentucky, who said it still was the evi
dent purpose of the Navy Department to
confer the highest honor upon the man
who was "farthest away" at the battle of
Santiago. He had read Admiral Sampson'3
alleged recent letter to Secretary Long
as to the inadvisablllty of giving warrant
officers in the navy commissions on ac
count cf their lack of social refinement.
Berry said that Admiral Sampson, who
had written the letter, was of extremely
humble origin himself and whatever re
finement he had was due to his service in
thft American navy. He contrasted Ad
miral Sampwn's attitude toward the men
of the navy 'with Admiral Schley's action
during the stress of battle In sending
word to those below that "all went well,'"
and when the battle was over in saying
that the victory belonged to the "men
behind the. guns." i
Sulzer of New .York indorsed everything
Berry had said. The incident ended
there.
COUNTY LINES
FOR OKLAHOMA
He Vigorously Upbraids the Naval
Officer Because of the Published
Suggestions Regarding the
Enlisted Men. "
CALLS SAMPSON
ARRANT COWARD
Senator Allen of Nebraska
Bitterly Denounces the .
Rear Admiral.
WASHINGTON', Ftb. 26.— During one of
the debates in the House to-day. Lentz of
Ohio started, another tumult. He declared
that under the general leave to print
granted some days ago he "had prepared
a si><?pch for the Record yesterday which
had .not appeared and upon inquiry to-day
he , had been informed that it had beer,
¦withheld by the direction of the' Speaker
of the House and that !t was now In the
hands of Mr. Grosvenor. He demanded to
know by what authority it had been with
held from the Record. ,
Th?? Speaker stated that his attention
had -been called to what was said to be l
great aba r-e of the privileges! of thc House
-y^der.tHi* general leave to print, and lio
had arJced that the speech of the gentle
man be -withheld until he had an oppor
tunity to look 1: over. But the pressure oi
"pubH*- burlrte«? had been <<uch that he had
riot had time to do this, and within 'twenty
mfnvtes he had directed that it should go
Into ' the KecGrd. Subsequently, if it ap
peared that the speech contained anything
offeQsfve cr wrong it could be corrected
bv the House.
Ijesiiz asserted that no living man could
have known a word of what his speech
contained until 9:50 o'clock last night and
that therefore whoever told the chatr
what it was said to contain had falsified.
The Speaker replied that the matter had
been: brought to his attention by a repre
sentative of the Government printing
office. Mr. Richard?on, the minority lead
er, read the following:
Resolved. That the Speaker of the Houte has
no rig-ht to withhold from the Record the
speech of any member made under general
leave to print.
Representative Cannon raised a point of
order against the resolution, but the
Speaker held that it was in order. The
Speaker added that he had no intention
of keeping Lentz" speech out of the Rec
ord,! but had asked to have it held until
he could look Into the representations
which had been made to him. The House
voted IIS to 130 not to consider the resolu
tion. As soon as the result was an
nounced Richardson offered as a matter
of privilege affecting the integrity of the
House the following resolution:
Whereas. The speech of Mr. Lentz of Ohio
en' tne fneral deficiency bill, made In the
Howe V. ednefJay last.. February 20, has been
W!th*i*!d frrrn publication In the Congressional
H^r-srd. after the same wan delivered to the
Public Printer for publication by Mr. Lentz;
and
Wbrreas. Paid speech has been turned over
to the Speaker of the House, who, it is al
l'*Fe4. has delivered the same to a member
of the House for some purpose to the House
unknown..
ResolvM. That Fuch action Is hereby con
deir.ned by the House, and It is hereby ordered
ths.t said er>*eeh he <i«>iivere<J forthwith to the
Public Printer for publication in the Record.
A scene of the wildest confusion fol
lowed. Party feeling by this time was
at fever prtch. A dozen members were
on their feet clamoring for recognition.
Payne, the Republican leader, sought to
make a point of order that the consid
eration of the conference report before
the House could not be interrupted by
such an Interruption, to which Richard
son cried out that the matter was one of
the 'highest privileges affecting: the in
tegrity of the House. The Speaker- ruled
that th« conference report .having been
voted down was not before the House, and
that the resolution was in order. •
Afrairi Lace>* <R.) of Iowa raised the
question of consideration. • Members on
each side were shouting at .each other
across the political aisle. The Speaker
pounded vainly for order. Grosvenor (R.)
of Ohio and Wheeler (D.) of Kentucky
were engaged in a wordy duel, but- what
they eaid could not be heard In the din
and confusion. At last, when order was
restored, the Speaker ruled that the ques
tion of consideration could be raised
against any proposition, and the vote was
taken. Each side voted solidly and the
House refused to consider the resolution,
115 to 127. As soon as the result was an
nounced.- Payne, the Republican leader,
moved an adjournment.
"I make a point that the motion is dila
tory." shouted Richardson.
"The chair overrules the point." said
the Speaker blandly, as he put the ques
tion. By a strict party vote. 115 to 101,
the motion was carried, and at 6:</o o'clock
the Hcus« adjourned.
Party Feeling at the Fever Point and
Sharp Words Used by ' the
Lawmakers at Wash
. . . "' ington.
Lntz of Ohio .Stirs Trouble
Because a Speech Was
Suppressed
CONGRESSMEN
IN A TUMULT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 0 27, 1901.
2
.Februnrv
Is a. dangerous month from a health
' standpoint.
•The grip, coughs, colds, fevers and
other germ diseases are especially
.prevalent. "
The sensible course. for every. person
..of any age or either sex is to prevent
these troubles by taking Hood's Sarsa-
pariila. It'maloes the blood pure,' and
keeps up the health tone so as to pre-
vent attacks of these insidious ene-'
mies.°,. v^::".^ 'f:^ ;..; , :
' U ]J f
nOOu S
Sarsapariila
•Purifies the blood. Hood's PiJfe cure
iUliw mi. Sold cVcrj^heT*
There Is no household in the land that
can honestly afford to be without this
remedy. It la a simple matter to teat
its astonishing 1 efficacy.
Even did Tnoj? know from personal ob-
servation of "the worth of Palne's Celery
Compound. I should feel, like praising it
for the simple reason that It is prepared,
by the' Wells & Richardson Co.. a firm
whose members I have known for nearly
a quarter of a century, and 1ft whom I
have perfect confidence. ,Very truly
• JOHN S. MICHAUD.
Coadjutor Bishop of = Burlington.-
Several priests o have spoken to me la
praise of this remedy, and I believe It
has the confidence of my associates.
rely upon Palne's cCdery eompotraa'as a
tonic and stren^th-^iver.
In rcy owi\, household.- oTie of the do-
mestics has taken Palne's Celery Com-
pound for lrver trouble of Icing *tandlngv
and says: "It has done,. more good than
any other medicine."
Roman Catholic Church in this country,
tells en its face of his kind-hearted desire
to be of service to ¦ the people, and
breathes a sincerity that can leave no
doubt la any one'smind of.the. great su-
periority of Palne's Celery Compound
over all the so-ealled remedies that have
recently teen clamoring for attention by
adroit and showy advertising;
"Wells & Richardson Co.
Gentlemen: I have been asked why I
recommended Palne's Celery Compound."
and* I desire to -put on- record frankly
rr.y reasons for this endorsement, hopins
that my words may inspire those" readers
who need health and strength with faith
to try Palne's Celery Compound and prove
to themselves its vrorth.
Tho Sisters of Mercy at Mount St.
Mary's Academy, on Mansfield avenue.
At the Fanny Allen Hospital, an Insti-
tution In which I am deeply Interested.
Palne's Celery Compound has been used
successfully.
No remedy in the world means-so much
to the sick and suffering as Paine's Celery
Compound.
Xo iemedy In the world has been in-
dorsed and^ recommended by men and
women whose only motive is their love
for their fellowmen, and the hope that
what Palne's Celery Compound has done
for them, it may do for the readers of
their testimonials.
Paine's Celery Compound is not a pat-
ent medicine, and must be distinguished
from patent medicines. It is a prescrip-
tion which is put within the reach of
every man and woman in the civilized
world— the prescription of the greatest
of American physicians— the crowning re-
sult of his yrars of study and experience.
It is the wonderful prescription of Prof.
Kdward E. Phelps. M. D., LL. D.. of
Dartmouth Collejre.
The following letter from Bishop
Michaud, one of the ablest priests in the
Q y; ADVEETISESIENTS.
55th
ANNUAL STATEMENT
¦;#-¦;¦:¦ •¦. . "T^r THE— - :..
GonneGtlGut Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE; COMPANY \
OF tlAftf FORD, CONN.
icrt Awcta, jar.uarr i. \y<y....".....yz,vr:,%:ii sj
. RECEIVED IK WOO.
;Fcr PrvmlvmB ..:..:, ..C©««.C*4 3S '
-For Interest ac4 R»nt.s.. 2.9«r..ers 97
S,f««,T43 33
JT0.4T4.6I2 2« j
DI5nL*KSEU IN" 1300.
For elates by •.¦
tf»3th. ma-
tured *ndow-
. m^nte and
annuities ...J4.«1S.??S S3
Eurplus re-
turn*>4 to
policy - hold*
*" 1.ST5.139 £S
Laprea and
furr«»naere 4
Policies MS.S52 9€ -
Total to Po!icy-ho!<l- \ "•
•« -J6.6n,C3iO7 ' . "
Commisrtcn* to Agents, ' .
¦Fa!fcr«>£, Medical Ex-
¦ : «TainerF - Fp*«, Prlnt-
. ir.f . Advertising, Legal, * "
Real Estate. a)l oth*r . •• .
..Expenses 1 I.0I0.709 49 - • .
T*r« :....... 400.799 41
;....*'¦•'. ; • . S.0S4.D99 97
'.;•. ;.BaliHJe* JN>t A»»»te.:bee. 8L lS0O.f?J,S«).CJ2 S9
; ".;. . r' .sriiEortfEOF assets.
Loan*' upon Real Etta re. ff«'»«n..tM.453.472 %
tnari* cpon -Etocfc* an^f Bond*. .'..:. t '. 2,300 no
rieJDUuutc,j;pt«s^ab P&t;cies in force. .763.W1 &o
C<wt pf .Real ¦E»tat«?-o*rted by th«,
¦Company ;.•..:." ,*.l.. ¦.:.-. 1.. u.C^.IM 47
Co*vof;5<nia*..t'..°. ...;..*.:.....; 21,736.;:,$ jj.
¦Co»t .cf Ban«f «?4 K.-.'.r-e'l S^ockrV , 47^454 00
C»*»i. in-3«nk!s.;... ._...".'. '. •;. -F&,97« 00
Bill* rec«iv-abl« '..~.- . C .:.V.. V ... ; - » 4
:-'A«tj»t»rp<*ft. balance?::. ~% t .:,.; X]\ u.w w.
Xntwen <u« ; a-nflt *ecrtj«si- .' •J5S0.SJ1- tt: '. '. :
R»»it# dii»:and-'a(!cr£ied;,:.r;2i;:4S'c";. - '.
Market **4Be..-.jifVrt'<>ek» •":• •; t/ ' ! | T- — — j
and . 'brjja^. nri ; <n- eosr."i.-. .tSl?,797" 07' * '
JCet." ua«81«ted :; «id 4e-- ; V "'; '" •' .
: \v-}: ¦¦ .'j ".:'¦ '•¦*.[¦ ¦ ?r |2.«!5;i3j si
ji^ttp«Aite<4i;; De«*Rhejr: «: . mtr.J64,MS 176 15
Atooti;4 j*qtilrfd. io-'-rtT . ; 1 ' \ • '• ' . ! .! : .»'.••"
¦.;.;Tnrti*;*it.Tpii^Btani3jil5' '¦.;{. -!-"'."• * •'.
' t'Rotictes, .'-itjctj ' -Cflip- j"''."".".. *; " ..' . ¦
'¦[¦ 'PaftJ-r* • itiadaipj. "..¦;...¦. vr^rili 00 .' '"' ••
¦ All cthe> jfeVl&fts:..:;.; : J«j.-«68 ?1 •' • - '-. -V
} yi "-r ¦':.¦' ffZ's- ¦ -^".i '".-' ; - :.» 5 7-77a.g7 71
¦.•iBprjflu»;^(tocfoiS W- ; ccAJLiK^nt -rea \. ?
¦•.:*«*te.;'.<ltprtiHa.tldi> .-. tnem.. ' ai*-' •"-
\ ;. ;;«*ai. ypiV?»:»> :i..i:.x'.-.:. ....: .•". i7.1?l,34$ 44
. Ratio of . e'xpwsse? -of : *M«ia.«enieni ' • '".
t 9 recefptaiiviSOO;.-;,:-.;:^;... 0^ t u.56 j^ r rtnt
Pclie^p la . f jjree- ;b*c. \ W.-/ 190ft,'. •• : ¦ -
.; **, j^, ¦•; b^tfav • c :^2^ly •-mi.i^'m oo
; ¦::JAcbBi»:GaEENJE: : , iprekik^ii. " ' •
¦ . JOHN M.- TAY^OB, V iw-Prfest. '
• HERBEBtT H. WHITE, Secretary
.: .vDA^^L;. H. • W£lXS y Actuary. :
A. Ki. P. :H AR/VIOJV, '":
-District SiijerintcildeDt Agencies. '
F. R. NpYES : -• j ; z Gtntnl- Agent,
30-31-32 Mills Bqllding," BuEh. Street,
." EAN FRAJfClSCO. ".CAL, -.= -
P|HHYR0^raU8
To Prevent the Grip
rUxatl ve Bromo-Quinlne removes the causa. •
PAINE^S CELEB Y • COMPOUND. ___-;; V ; j
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
This Greatest of All Remedies Indorsed
by the Bishop of Burlington.
¦¦'¦ ¦ ¦¦'¦> ¦ ¦¦:-^*->y? B CE/REALJI
"holds its flavor to the bottom of W;cui>i" jf 1
A perfect cereal coffee of fragrant'aroma and delicate flavor, I
made from: the finest California figs, prunes and selected grain— I
scientifically blended. tvi-.~ •';/- -f
-.. .'";rl8:priine cereal is the most wholesome and nutritious
substitute for coffee and tea because it is purc-absolutely free
from any artificial matter. • -
Our own special method of roasting and blending enables us j
to retain, all the natural properties of the fruit and 1
ff^^^°/o\ P 1 * 11 ' ..S'ytaS to thc consumer a table beverage of. \
f Fruit \^ arec J uaHl y* ' I
V 40%/ "Boil from 5 to 10 minutes only." 1
ALL qr °cers sell Figprune Cereal, jSACRAMENTO. Feb. 2C.— The situation
down the river Is more serious- to-nlght
than ever. " Two fresh breaks In the- levee
below Freeport occurred this morning,
and they have gradually widened until
one of them is now forty feet across and
the other sixty."
The breaks are 200 or 300 feet apart, and
should the space of levee still standing
between the two succumb, as it is feared
It must, an immense volume of water will
descend from the river upon thousands of
acres of valuable land Included In the
river district.
The river at Freeport to-night showed a
decrease of. one ami a half Inches, a cir
cumstance which -offers , hope, since the
water had been on a level with the crest
of the levee, and' the slightest" increase
would have swept it over tb« banks. Here
and. there the. patrolmen vwho line both
sides of the river discovered gopher holes
through which the water .; had- found its
way, thus . undermining the earthen bar
riers ;: but through the strictest vigilance
these holes were attended to before: harm
resulted. The -same care is ..being * exer- i
cised to-night, and will continue until the
period of danger, has passed." „ The water
is pouring through the 1 Freeport breaks '
seven feet deep,' and it is- feared that the
I continued washing will melt the levee
j away. . " ¦
r The Supervisors at a special meeting to
! night decided to put. a piledTiver at. work
to-morrow . at the scene of ; the reported
breaks. It is believed that by driving
piles In the river In front and on the 6ide3
of Hhe: breaks and then ' depositing brush
and sandbags -• behind . these .. -works the
flood may be 5 checked at other points of
the river. ' .
and Acres of Valuable Land
May Be Damaged.
Fresh Breaks Occur Near Freeport
WATER IS POURING
OVER THE LEVEE3
¦ Fourth— AH; that portion of the City
and. County of rSan Francisco bounded
as-' follow?: ./Commencing, at the point of
lr.:!er»eclion of the center of Lyon street
aijd the Bay .Of ¦ San Francisco, continu
ing thence along the center of the follow
ing-named-streets: Lyon to Washington,
.Washington to Baker, Eaker to Geary,
Geary- to" Van 'Ness avenue. Van Ness
avenue to /Grove street. Grove to Polk.
Polk: td Market, Market to Tenth, Tenth
to. ito ward; •': Howkrd .to Twentieth, thence
akr&g. Twentieth to the Bay of San Fran
cisco, thence along- the shore line of said
bay to Lyon street, the point of begin
nlng/.together with all the waters of the
Bay- o\f Ban! Francisco and "" the islands
contained therein, situated tvithin the
boUTHjaries'.or; the City and COunty of San
Francesco.- i :' . ,;- ; ' •: . • ¦¦ -
Fifths-All that : portion of the City and
County!'' of- Sao Francisco not Included in
¦"^-^.ALI/ HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
/T . MENTO. Feb. 2S.— The last amend- ,
VV : y m ? nt the; Senate had for the Con-
gressjonai apportionment bill went
¦; -'..ln : to-night. ; It was the line
between -the/ proposed Fourth and Fifth
districts agreed.; upon by the San Fran
cisco' delegation at Us caucus this after
noon. ; The; Fourth and Fifth districts are
described as follows:
Road Districts Bill Pastes.
[ CALL HEADQUARTERS, * SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2S.— Smith's Senate bill 144.
I relating to the formation, of permanent
j road divisions or districts, 'was passed by
•the Assembly this afternoon. The bill
provides for the formation of permanent
road divisions upon petition to county
Boards of, Supervisors signed by at least
a majority of the property -owners within
the proposed district. Special taxes may
be voted by. the electors residing within
the division for construction or Itnprove-
I ment of its roads.: or the electors; may
vote bonds for such purposes. Bond or
j special tax election*, in 'these cases -are: to
be held - i under ~ the supervision of r the
I Beard of Supervisors. •
.Devlin's amendment to change the time
of the session from the first Monday in
January' to . the rin.t Monday In March
caused a great deal cf discussion. It was
amended to make the session open on the
first Monday in February', and it was at
tempted to so amend it further as to pro
vide for a session of seventy-five days,
but this amendment was voted down, as
it was not believed the people would
favor it. ¦ f > /
Caldwell's amendment to abolish grand
juries was passed, after a hot debate. The
Ideas expressed were that the Grand Jury
system was expensive. Inadequate and a
relic of barbarous days.
•Lardner's amendment to permit State
aid for high schools and that to allow the
amendment of a charter by a majority
vote and Smith's (of- Kern) to allow the
adoption of voting machines in counties
that wish them were all passed. 1
COST OF THE PARIS INQUIRY.
Court Rates 'Paid the Stenographers
for Their Work.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 26.— The Ways and Means
Committee this mon.'ng reported favor
ably the expense bill of the Committee on
.Commissions and Public Expenditure for
Its investigation of the Paris Commis
sion scandals. The hill, amounted to
?20SG S2, of which $1135 was for the work
of the stenographers. Chairman Fisk
I Said the ; committee -agreed- that the bill
j was exorbitant, but that.it had been
j recommended favorably because members
I of the Committee on Commissions and
Public Expenditures had; said that they
had contracted. to give the stenographers
the regular court rates. '
The Assembly authorized the payment
of the claims by a rising vote, on. a call
for a division. Johnson. RaJeton. Millce.
Mattes, Rutherford, Hancn and Ray Jom
i ed in a formal protest.
at Sacramento. V
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 25.— The special file of con
stitutional amendments was handled by
the Senate while all were in good humor
to-d3>\ for five were passed. Among
these were Taylor'j amendment exempt-
Ing State, county and municipal bonds
from' taxation, the amendment which the
people refused to adopt at the election
two years ago. Taylor said he believed In
the last two years the people had learned
that the amendment was a good one and
would pass It.
Five Find Favor in the Upper House
I CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
[ MENTO, Feb. 26.— The county division
\ measure. Assembly bill No. 5S6, the com
i mittee substitute .for SchJHIg's Assembly
bill No. 242. was defeated in the Assembly
to-night. Its friends were able to muster
but thirty-seven votes in its favor and
Broughton was forced to change from aye
j to no to give notice of a motion to.recon
; sider. The final vote stood 36 ayes to S3
noes.
Anderson offered an amendment to make
it necessary that the petition for county
division be signed .by three-fifths of the
resident landowners of the entire county.
The original bill permits division if the
petition be signed by electors residing
within the limits of the proposed count y
to the number of one-fifth of the electors
of the entire county. Broughton made a
ten-minute speech against -. the amend
ment, arguing that its effect would be to
kill the efficacy of the bill and make
county division impossible.
Knowland spoke for the amendmert.
He said the original bill was a dangerou-?
measure. The entire county should have
a voice in the matter of division. The-blll
as it stood would be used as a whip by
sections of a county to force patronage,
threatening division unless their wishes,
however unjust, were granted.
The amendment was lost by a vpte of
27 ayes to 35 noes. The bill was then put
on Us final passage and lost.
PROPOSED AMENDMENTS.
ter but Thirty-Ssven Votes in
Its Favor.
COUNTY DIVISION BILL
GOES DOWN TO DEFEAT
Friends of the Measure Able to Mus-
the Fourth Congressional District, with
the islands known as the Farallon
Islands, together with the counties of
San Mateo and Santa Clara.
This division will leave Assembly Dis
tricts 28. 2f«. 30. 31. 40. 41, 42. 43 44 and 45
In • the Fourth District, and Assembly
Districts 32, 33, 34, 35. 36. 37. 3S and 3J,
with. San Mateo and Santa Clara, in the
Fifth. *
The legislative apportionment is in. just
about the shape in which it was submit
ted to the caucus. "There are some
changes, but the only one of Importance
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2t>.— Knowland's Chinese
slavery -.bills were called up out of order
in the" Assembly to-night and were given
a third reading and passed without an op
posing vote. The first one, Assembly bill
(68, received 62 ayes and none against, and
bill 769 got 5S ayes to.none against.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. ¦ SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 26.— The Finance Commit
tee of the Senate has, taken a sudden turn
in Its attitude on road bills and Instead of
holding them in committee indefinitely it
has sent the whole bunch back to the Ben
ate with the recommendation that they
do not pass. There is one exception to
this rule— Ray's bill for an appropriation
for the Yosemite Valley road. This is but
the reappropriation of a previous sum so
it was sent, back with the recommenda
tion that it do pass.
Anti-Slavery Bills Pass.
Decides Against Road Bills.
Brady's attention was called to the
duplicate claim last night. He pleaded ig
norance of the fact that his name was in
the report of his own committee, though
that report was presented to him by tne
clerkand was. regularly signed by 'him.
Declines to Accept Double Mileage
Rates From the State.
CALL ' HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 26. — "Colone 1 ." Brady arose
in the Assembly this monjing and asked
that a correction be madeiin the journal
pf yesterday's proceedings. Inadvertently
his name had been included in the com
mittee list of those to whom mileage was
due for the trip to San Francisco of the
Commerce and Navigation Committee. He
said he was not entitled to the J18, since
the distance covered was included in the
mileage of the Ukiah trip of the Commit
tee on Commissions and Public Expendi
ture.
"COLONEL" BRADY'S MODESTY.
The vote stood 41 ayes, and 6 noes.
Brady, Butler, Fisk. Kelley, Ralston and
Williams voted% in tlie negative, as the
champions of the slot machine.
The bill adds the slot machine or device
to the games formerly included in section
330 of the Penal Code, the playing of
which is made a misdemeanor. '
CALTi HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 26.— The Assembly passed
to-nlght Assembly bill No. 504, by John
son, making the conducting or playing of.
a nickel-in-the-slot machine a misde
meanor. ' Johnson sprung the bill on an
unsuspecting opposition by asking consent
to substitute it for a bill n^ar the top of
the third reading file. His request was
granted and the bill went on its final pas
sage before its opponents were awake to
what was happening.
Votes Against the Johnson
Measure.
Only Six Members Record Their
SLOT MACHINE BILL
PASSES THE ASSEMBLY
i3 a shift of the line between the Forty
first and Forty-fifth Assembly Districts
from Taylor to Jones street, giving the
Forty-fifth another block. •
In the caucus this afternoon Nelson.
Knight. Brown and Hourigan were the
objectors, but the plan passed by a vote
of 16 to 4. Since the question of appor
tionment was first taken up it was
charged that the four objectors had
made no effort to assist the work, nor
had they made any suggestions, so their
objections at the last minute were not
considered.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 26,-Fuel famine
and bloodshed threaten to follow in the
wake of the strike of the woodcutters,
wh|ch_ is spreading rapidly. The cutters
demand an increase of wages from $1 and
$1 50 to $1 75 and for more than a month
agitators have been at work in various
wood camps.
The strikers are nearly all Mexicans and
halfbreed Indians. In several places In
dians have replaced the strikers, and the
latter are retaliating by setting flre to
wood supplies. «
Near Clifton on Saturday strikers a3
jpaulted the foreman at the Davidson
camp, beating him and leaving him in a
serious condition. Then they set flre to
the *wood and a few hundred cords were
burned. In the Gila Bend Mountains on
Sunday they flred over 2000 cords, catfs
lng a loss of $10,000:
Assault the Foreman of an Arizona
Camp and S»t Fire to Cut
Timber. W;
STRIKING WOODCUTTERS
ARE MAKING TROUBLE
George B. Mechem, owner of the town
site, went to New York five months ago
to raise money for the development of
mines. tributary to Molson. His creditors
allege he may not return, though hl3
friends claim he is now en route home.
TACOMA, Feb. 26.— The town of Mol
son, Okanogan County, has been placed in
the hands of a receiver, and a petition
signed by three creditors has been pre
sented to Judg^e Hanford for involuntary
bankruptcy on the part of George B.
Mechem, the owner of all the' personal
property and real estate in Molson.
Acting under an order of the court,
which was telephoned from Spokane. J.
D. Mitchell, as receiver, accompanied by
a host of deputies, swooped down upon
the unsuspecting town last night "and pro
ceeded to take charge of affairs. Mitchell
made an Inventory of the liquors in the
saloons and the furniture in the buildings
and closed up the Colville Reservation
Syndicate's offices. He took charge of the
Hotel Tonasket, one of the finest hostel
ries in Okanogan County. .
son. Wash.,- Is Adjudged a
' - Bankrupt.
Owner of All the Real Estate in Mol-
ENTIRE TOWN PLACED
IN RECEIVER'S HANDS
o'ght fret two and a. half in<rhca :from-t p
to. tip, ¦ was; trought here tq-da'y Xrojxi' Mnr>^
r>o. Wash.: Bert- Haycsi;c mcrc : b^j>% klllo I
tlie bea«t yfjster-flay' after an/sjlventurche
will remember as long ai he -lives. ¦•¦ J . '.-..
Hoy and .lion met unexpectedly- 6n~'&
lonely trail in the forest. Before the beaVt
coald fprir.g Hayes fired a bullet- Into. its
trea?t. With. -a. 'savage cry the; ahlmat
m&<if a leap for the i..uh.tcrl H« ;and<->l
<-n the eroiiBd -in t front -o.f Hkyes .an 1
ptn.rt'ed tor hint." The -young :man- ¦Quickly
that he had'-oniy ope chance for
life, and that, was in striking a.- fatal: Spot
in. the animaT's- bod v before- JtTeach«5d
him. A«= Quickly, '.a* bossihJe;-- "be " : flrei
Egair.. The. bullet entfr>e<J theliort's b©dv
st. the- shoulder and pi-c-rced his heart.- Th«'
FTfat:.bea«t ¦•¦stood.; on vHs: hind lees' iartd
xhen ¦Riih cr.e sTesi convulsion, fell-back;
dead. ¦ ¦•_:. . I--;.. V:.- ¦:¦':¦' ' .'¦ : .'•-¦ i.' ¦¦'¦: '¦'.''¦'¦ '¦¦'¦
Puts a Bullet Through. . the ; Beasrs
Heart as It Is About. to Spring". :;.
.Upon Him'.-'.-'; .= . '•'' .- ' ¦
SEATTLE. Feb:: 26 ; -The .bodr. "-fill .a
magnificent ¦. mountain •• lip'n, : •.¦measuring
YOUNG HTJIITEB SLAYS :••;". : • .•
BIG MOITNT AIIl) ilON
eocial and professional circles In thts cltj^
vas this evening vrested' oa a charge .<)f
forgery, an Indictment -fiixing. .. bee'rt-'. re-4
tume4 to-<!ay by the Butt« Couaty Grand
J-ury. The forgers*' is -allrged to liave beeti
in the presentation i-af a. note for- $15,000
sgalr.st the estate of Alfred Fuller, th«
note bearing a supposed signature of Ful
ler. Last month l^uidis 'aiwmpted.'to
compel payment of the note, -but Judg
ment was rendered against him.' I>and4s*
bail was axed at J500U and h.e baa obtained
:bonflsmen. . .' ¦ ••.••.'..•• ¦: ..: ¦¦-•.•¦¦••.•••:¦
Landls Is the fourth prominent rwlderit
cf Ohlco to be arrested for an attempt to
obtain money from the Fuller estate..: I>r.'-
J. E. Bodley. former. Mayor of this city;
ie now in jail convicted of perjury in. con
nection with the famous. Puller >'iir casey
John Garner, a prcrrnln^nt farmer .of- thiis ;
county for thJrty-five yearp, and- IVIi~«
Minnie Housf«onhy, in whone favor the."
f urged will was written, are the oflther two
who have been arrested.". •' ¦'•; '•¦.••'". ; -,
CHICO; Feb. .' : 2«.-rDr. A. 3, [ lAndl?,
who h2s for eeyeral . year's, stood hlgh-ift
I>r. A. J. Laadis Indicted for Alleged
Attejnpt to Defraud the Ful-.--.; : '
?£<*¦?¦¦: \Wk- . •¦¦-; ;ler Estate; ¦:;.;•?; ~ : . '¦'¦ .'y \i
cmoo PHTsiciAN : tn«>EB ; < : ;
V : : •¦ ;•' ABJtEST ; FOB FOBGEaiT
The verdict was ;.«t: ereit .; surprtag -.to J
Mount Vcrron people,; vrho Wald thattltni*
end tiraiB acain; Mrs.. :' Gprcag*-: would -.{lavfe.
¦feeeia justified in kllUng her husband.'.xt
tAn-.fy r»Qro : -5>roniises that yhefl ¦ tbe ca*e.
crrr.'s vz> on a motion for .'a .new -trial i
ppr.ra'.jon will be epTurip; by lhe defense. - '
SEATTLE. ¦•¦•iTeb.V'-S.^Jennie -Corsage,, j
who shot xhiki:.le4 her huybaiiidi-XvnUarn'.
Gore age. at Me-Jr.t VVernoiK .\VAsh.;- ais ¦hi'}
lay in b«fi, .lyiLS-'foiind" ErUiity ftf- raan--' : i
slaughter this- ¦ morning.' . : -. Her'- a tUjrjity ;'
Jcbr. r. : Dor*'; ¦¦.;ried ; hard: ; to -EhOiTr ,¦ that.
The abiipe; ;ah« ; :sy{Tc.red . a.t' ; the ¦¦YavAn-'-ot ¦
her husband and ; 'the "lnfluenci; '.of. SJarie'
. Corelll's "ThclrriaV . had :.utrseate'a' her" .f«a'^j
ecTi,. but , the jury simp-ly., tooj; | the; Strgu-'^j
tnent of the .• rrofecutieri • that ¦ she; had
killed a -man ard : bught.t6bie. : .putilsiiedl -!¦;. :.'
Special ptirAtch ;• to !Th«- : <?aiL
Jury i: ConTlcfe^Mt,^^rhdii:
Husband • %
Plea That the Eeading of.Harie vqt
' eili-sV<'T^ti^.-;tliise^fe4 ::! the:;^;
: Wosnkn f s Season Prdves;\ •-'.. .
..."",. •/.'- : Unavailing; ''."' &&vt£
JENNIE GORSAGE
IS FOUND GUILTY
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 26.— Seventy-four
members of the, local lodge of Rebekahs
had a peculiar experience last night. They
were to have instituted a new lodge of
Rebekahs at Boulder Creek early In the
evening, but the lodge was not called to
order until 1:20 o'clock this morning and
did not close until 6 o'clock. The Re
bekahs had expected to return" on a spe
cial train to Santa Cruz shortly after
midnight, but they did not . arrive In
Boulder Creek until alter that hour.
The Rebekahs left this city shortly after
5 o'clock. When their train was a mile
beyond Felton it was stopped by a wash
cut fifty feet long and forty feet in depth.
The grade had given way just ten min
utes before the arrival of the train and
was not discovered until the train, was
almost upon it. Had it occurred during
the night it is probable that a heavy loss
of life would have resulted. The wash
out was caused by water backing up
against a small culvert, eventually caus
ing the fill to give way. ,;'=.
The train backed to Felton, took aboard
timber, section men and the Southern
Pacitlc bridge carpenters and carried
them to the scene of the washout, where
for six hours they worked until a culvert
was completed and the grade filled in.
The train passed over safely, reaching
Boulder fifteen minutes after midnight.
.It had been planned to have a banquet
after the institution of the lodge, but this
programme was changed and the banquet
came first. The lodge opened at 1:30
o'clock and the new branch was installed
with seventy-one charter members. The
work was conducted by Mrs. Cornelia
Reid, special district deputy grand ma
tron, assisted by Mrs. Kate Wessendorf,
as grand marshal, and Mrs. A. "WV Ken
dall assistant deputy grand master.
The officers of the new lodge are: Xoble
grand, Mrs. Emma Dool; vice grand, Mrs.
Miller; recording secretary, Mrs. Fannie
Rodgers; financial secretary, Mrs. Josie
Trout: treasurer. Miss Lucy Ball; trus
tees—Mrs. Cummings and Mrs. H. Hollen
bach.
> — . ' . . - : . >
Train Is Delayed by a Washout, but
Their Programme Is Carried "
Out in the Small Hours
; ;;-\. f. _ _ tut 1 1 t ¦ 1 r»
of the morning.
Special Dispatch to ¦ Th« Call.
Santa Cruz Rebikalis Late
in Reaching Boulder
Creek.
FORM A LODGE
AFTER MIDNIGHT
BOUNDARIES OF THE FOURTH
AND FIFTH DISTRICTS FIXED
Congressional Apportionment Bill Amended as De=
v sired by the San Francisco Delegation.
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CAIiL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 190 1.;
MORAL REFORM FORCES CONFER AT THE CAPITOL.
3
OCEAN! TRAVEI*.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
if.'" Steamers leave Broadway
iBt. wharf. San Francisco:
1^^,^ Kor Alaskan Ports— 11 a. tn..
hB|B^ Feb. 25. March 2. Change to
company's steamers at Seat-
H^Bl Ms^ For Victoria. Vancouver tB.
iisTri lanflffli c ->- Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^^BsBEjA Taccma, Everett. Anacortes
*^ and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
• ~ 11 a. m.. Feb. 23. March 2 and .
every fifth day thereafter. Change at Seattle
for this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or. Tacoma to N. P,
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Feb. 22.
27. March 4. and every fifth day thereafter. ¦¦
For San Diego, stopping omy at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angelw and Redondo- . <Los
Angeles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a- m.;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. '-
For Santa Cms. Monterey. San Simeon. -Cay-
ueos>*Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo>. Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. 'Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Lou Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona.' Fridays, 9 a. m. ;¦ steamer
Bonlta.' Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada Magdalena Bay. San Jns« del •
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa «ns*lla
and Guaymas (M»x.) — 10 a. m.: 7th each month.
. Kor further Information obtain company's
folders. • ' ; '- ¦
- The, company reserves the rteht to change
steamers, saiiln? dates and -hours of sailing
wlthn»rt pr»vlo»i* notice. I
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agt*.. •
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0.- R. & R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORT IiA 1ST D,
Prom ! ,Spear-itreet Wharf at 11 a. - m. ,
CADE $'2 First Class Including Berth
rfint $3 Second Clas» orjd M«al*. :
COLUMBIA Sails '.....'..Feb. 22. Mar. 4
GEO. W. ELPER Sails Feb. 1Z. 17. Mar^ I
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. I Butte.
' Helena and all points In The Northwest.
Through tickets to alt points East. ¦> -¦¦ -'Z
E." C. WARD.- General Agent. .
- «30 Market st.;.
AaaoiiIaC £Pa HAm "- 8A "°»' " ra
occamcs.sxo. »-?^s
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
....Wednesday. Marchj 8, 9 p. m.
SS. ¦ AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
.: ", Wednesday. March 13. 4 p. m.
SS MARIPOS A ' (Honolulu only) k .
'...•......... .Satuntey, March 18. 2 p. m.
i. D.SPKCKELS k BROS. CO., hnenl Agents, 327 Marts! St
ean'l Passngtr Otfis, 643 Market St., fiir Is. 7. Paofis St
PACiriC STEAM NAVIQATIOS CO. AND
C0MPANIA 8HD AMERICAS A DE VAPOSHS
To Valparaiso, stopping at Metican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing:
SS. COLOMBIA March 7. 1901
SS. TUCAPEL .*.. March 50. 1901
SS. AREQUtPA • April 4.1901
SS. LIMARI ".- ...-* April 17. 1901
These steamers are built expressly for Central .
and . South American passenger service. (So
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office. 3!6 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
COXPAQNIE GENERALS . .TRANSATLA.NTIQDE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI.S. .^^
SalllnB every ThursJav. Jnstrad of <^rSSl>
Saturday, at 10 a.m.. from. Pier 42, •^*«**M»
' North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. {53 and upward. Second class to
Havre. $43 and upward." GENERAL AGENCY
FOP. UNITED STATES and CANADA. $2
Broadway (Hudson ¦ building). Xew York. J.
F. FUGAZI . & » CO., Padflc < Toast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue.. San Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket A/jnti.
AMERICAN LINE: -
. ITSW YORK. B0CTHAMPT0JT. L09SOK. PA511
Stopping «t Cherbourg, westbound, j
From New Tor'* Every Wednesday at 10 a. m.
St. Louis Mar. 13|St. LouJs April S
New Tork Mar. 20 New Tork.. s... April 10
Vaderland Mar. 2;lvaderiand .....April 17
RED STAR LINE. ,
New York and Antwtm
. From New Tork Every Wednesday. 12 Noon.
Westernland ...Mar. MIFriesland — ..April t'
Kensington Mar. 10 Southward ....April M
Xoordland Mar. 271 Westerland ....April IT
. INTERNATIONA!. NAVIGATION CO..
CKAS. D. TAYLOR.. General Aireat. «
'¦"¦ -/^- Paciflc Coast. JO Montgomery st.
TOYO KISJN KAISBA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF". COR.
cer First -and Brannan • streets, at ¦ 1 p.m.. •
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callln* ac
Kobe <Hlo*o). Nagasaki arid. Shanghai, and
connecting at Honirkon* with steamer* for
India, etc- No cargo received on board oa^fiay
SS.'aMERICA MARU.. -Friday; March »•'»«
SS. HONGKONG MARU.-Tuesday. April •. l»i
SS NIPPON MARU Friday. May J. M01
Round-trip tickets at reduced ratjs.
freight and passage apply at company's offlc«.
421 . Market «reet. corner Flret. •
W. H. AVERT. General A«gnt-.
panama r;r.s;
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Dinst
Cabin. $105". Steerage. f4O. ' •
S. S. St. Paul sails Wednesday, Ma r.6.
S.S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 19.
S. S Boanoke sails Tiiesday, April 3.
From wharf, foot of Lombard "t-.^t J p. m.
« Freight and pasneiifter office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Paciflc Coast Ageat.
BAY AND RJLVEK STEAMZBS.
"^ioaUTs. navy yard7hd7allejo.
Stea^**' "wWntlceUo.'*^
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:43
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thursday night) : Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 19:30 a. ra.. •
p. m. Landing and offlce..Mlsslon-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GltEAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most- wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both soxes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kld-
rtys and Bladder. Sells on lt» own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRCNE.- Agents.
K3 Market St.. 3. F-— (Send for Circulars.)
<^%J\J» 1J%, sjjiiA. 'AMAAAAAAAAAA ftj|*aa»
5£j>^SS^ INJECTION. ;•*.;!
rAPERMANENT "CURE !
a • of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrlus* i ' ?
? i and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to % <
1 c days ; nc other treatment r«qaired. j i
K ' - - Sold br all druggists. j
$/VVVV>AA/VVV«/WVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV^
Therefore when your kidneys are weak.
cr out of order you can understand how.
quickly your entire body is affected and
hov.- every organ seems to fall to do Its
duty.
If you are sick or "feel badly." bej?in
taking the famous new discovery. 1 Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as
your kidneys are well they will help all
the other organs to health. .A trial -will
convince any one. . .- /
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re-"
spor.slble for more sickness and suffering
than any other disease, and if permitted
to. continue fatal' results are sure to fdlr
low. Kidney trouble Irritates the nerve?,
makes you dizzy, res.tless.' sleepless arid
irritable. Makes you pass water "often
during the day and obliges you to get up
many times during the. night. Causes
puffy or dark circles under the eyes, rheii-:
matism. gravel, catarrh of the -bladder,
pain or dull' ache' In the back. Joints and
muscles, makes your head ache and back
ache, causes indigestion, stomach ar\d
liver trouble: you" get a sallow, yellow
complexion: makes you feel as though y<ju
had heart trouble: you may have plenty
of ambition, but no strength; get weak
and waste away. •' ;^'
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp- Root, the world-famous
kidney remedy. In taking Swamp-Root
What your kidneys need is a gentle, healing, tonic influence,
that will soothe their irritability and gently regulate them. ;
y The only thing that will do this is" Dr. Kilmer*s Swamp-Root,
the Great Kidney Remedy. . .'. . . • ..'
To Prove What Swamp-Root Will Do for YOU, Every
Reader of The Call May Have a Sample Bottle
Sent Free by Mail,
SWAMP-ROOT, THE GREAT KIDNEY REMEDY.
Its Marvelous Success in All Kidney, Blad*
def and Uric Acid Troubles.
It used to be considered that only; urinary and bladder troubles
were to be traced to the kidneys, but. now modern science proves
that nearly all diseases have their*, beginning 'in the disorder of
these most important organs. '.'•• ' • "• /"
The Kidneys iilter and purify, the blood. • -?>
yoti afford natural help to nature, for
Swarnp-Rofjt Is the • most . perfect healer
and_ gentle aid to the kidneys ! that > ia
known to medical science, . ¦•. ['¦'¦':¦/.'¦'.
. If. your water, when allowed to remain
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for twen-
ty T fbur hours, forms a. sediment or set-
tling or has a cloudy appearance. It Is evi-
dence that, your kidneys and bladder need
linrnedlate attention. ¦»
The famous new discovery. Swamp-
RoQt, has '.been tested ih'so many ways,
Jn hospital work, in private practice,
arrujnp the helpless too; poor to purchase
relief, and has proved ;so successful in
every case that a speciaj arrangement ha*
been made by which all readers of The
Call who have not already, tried it may
have a sample bottle sent absolutely fre-i
by mail; also a book telling more- about
Swamp-Root and containing some' of the
thousands upon thousands. of testfmonial
letters received from, men and women who
owe their' good health.' 4rr fact their very
lives, to the wonderful curative properties
of Swamp-Root. Be sure and mention
the San Francisco Dally Call when send-
ing your address to Dr. Klhner & Co.,
Binghamton,- N. T. •
If you - are already convinced that *
Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular 56c and $1 bottles at
the drug 'stores everywhere. ~*f "
THOUSANDS HAVE-KIDNEY
TROUBLE AND DON'T KNOW IT
DR.MEYEBS&CO,
Specialists. Disease
and . weakness ¦ - of
men. -Established
XSSI. Consultation
and private''; book
free, at office or by
mail. Cures guar-
anteed; 731- Mar-
ket street (.elevator
entrance), San
Francisco.
/ DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT. *
*>>\\ Hvp\\ \\\ 4 roan $ jT^
v ffl lite%|i[ii) ir^J.
fit lm
;|i :;v^^:t^: j^^easy in one of
1 1 suits—
] WMMM^§^M^^ 'P rriindand
i : iC easy in body.
efpH^kf ;: ¦'"¦ ¦'¦¦'' The good quality of- the
y£i '¦" "T : -material. -and the excellence
" raik^r^ 9^' WOTkn\3.nsh\p t to-
' y^^^^^^§ 8k;' :-"r - rrice, make you con-
'i I •¦:' tented' .with your
: n.d -splay- dwaitin^; your •'"
J Jnspection^-a: : U]>eril:nurn-' • ". |lih#
er of samples .are ;given sk^-
f. r r C3mps.ris6ri';;:thrcugh ..
; corn par] son '• we -grow- in,- • ¦ -
.. ¦ /f you fiv3. out of Sail [Francisco' you an cssurexf of a saiis-
feciory suit. :. through our se/f-msasuring system — write for
s'smplss. .:.¦'¦ • ' '.-'¦
718 Market Street and.
fjj; . Cop. Powell Eddy Sts. "
' Dependable Drugs
MediGine
Orders in
a Hurry.
If you are in I hurry for your
drugs or medicines, telephone to
The Owl Drug Store.
¦ No extra charge for quick delivery.
Furthermore, you are just as safe
in ordering over the telephone as if
you appeared in person — this is a
dependable store. Tel. South 356^ .
Hoff' s Malt 25c
Renner's Malt 20c
Hay's Hair Health . 40c
Anita Cream 40c •
Malvlna Cream 35c
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
Pinkham's Compound ' 75c
Mellin's Food 55c
Listerine 75c
Free "delivery to railroad points within
100 miles on all orders or $5 and up.
/ 1128 Marhet Street ".
. ¦ San Francisco
lOtH and Droa-d-woy Oakland ,¦: COURT .LACKS JURISDICTION.— The mo
tion-before Judge Troutt to adjudge George A.
Aldrlck sane was dlemlBsed yesterday for want
of Jurisdiction. : The motion to adjudge the pe
tltoner sane will now come up through habeas
ccrpuB' proceedings.' l .
John Shea, the deputy poundkeeper who
was convicted by Judge Fritz on the charge
of battery, upon Mrs. Elizabeth Green, 414
Clement street, was" yesterday sentenced
to pay a fine of $10. The Judge In sen
tencing him took . into consideration the
fact ' that . Shea had lost his . position and
that there was sickness In his family. •
Shea Is Sentenced.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 26.-
Tho final match, of the series of interclass
baseball games . went to \ the . sophomores
fhls afternoon in a loosely played game
with the Juniors. Tho second-year * men
won 'the day in. the second, inhlnff when
their opponents allowed them ¦ to score
five runs on a bunch cf errors, to- which
every member of the team ! contributed
his share. • ¦ ¦
.Stanford Sophomores Win.
jockirfrs. buxed . off.
Etiwards at New Orleans Fix th« Be
¦ 7 sponsibility for Conduct at the
'•'. ? ,- • Recent.Steeplechase. . :' •'
N2TW 'ORLEANS, Feb. 26.— After a
thorough investigatlgn of all the' incidents
of, trie steeplechase on. February 20, the
stewards to-day announced their de
.cfsion. -A.il evidence -tended to establish
the -fact that' the mare Llzele "Kelly was
Intended to' win. The stewards therefore
declared the race off, the association not
responsible for the purse or the owners
for Jockey fees and ruled • William. Fore
man, owner; :M. Cady, trainer: the mare
Lizzie Kelly and Jockeys Porter, A. Ek
gerson ajid W. WllUams off the turf. In
addition they recommended that Jrfckeys
M. Clancy and f. Lawless be denied the
privileges of the track. The other owners,
trainers and horses ' were exonerated.
Buirim&ry: . ¦ .
First, race, six and a- half f urionr*. eeUlrwr— •
Kittle Duchess II won. Miss OollfhUy second,
Juahetta' third. Time. l:t«%.
Second race, six furlonirs, sftlllng— Sue John
son won; Brawled secdnd,* Mizzoura third.
Time. 1:18. " -
Thlrtl ra.ee, one' mile.' Felling — J." H. Barnes
won. Mitt Bor&in second, Palarm third. Time,
i:4»tt.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, handicap—
StrnhRent won. Monk Wa>tnan eeeond. Silver
Coin third. "Time, 1:34.~ _ * ,
Klfth race, one mil* and a sixteenth. RelllnR
6word*man w«n. Ktnc Klkwood second," Sldtllla
.third. Time, 1:57. .
¦Sixth race, one mile and an eighth. »lUn£—
Bohjl won, Waterho«iso ' o^ccod, Hezry "at
Franstarrwir tJilrd. Tinie, 2.-0J. •
P. J. ' /riiomesj a Passeiigef;- and tHe •
Conductor. Tried .for Disturb- ":' "1
;/¦•" ing the -Peace.-., y '.' J...'
The cat*s nf P. J. Thomas," a resident In .
the Mission! an4 F. : "A-: : Moritg-omery. 'a
enductor' :nn. a Flijlxnore^Rtreet ..car,
cherged with' disturbing: the peace., were
heard by Juds* Mogan" yesterday: .They
were arrested February 19 at. FiUniore and
California streets' by Serg-eant:Ou.sh, ; ; -
The evidence, showed ' that' Thomas ...and
hl.« wife boarded . Montgomery^ car at
EiVteenth and 'Mission streets^, having
trensferrr-d from a Mission-street car.
The rule of 'the. company is that when- a
fare- or transfer -is. collected -the"- passen-'
ger Ehall then af k for a transfer if he In-."
terd« to co on another line. . . '
Just before the car' reached California
street Thomas asked . the ¦¦ conductor -.'for
transfers and the condnctor asked if he
had paid his fa»-e. Tho.mas gave him a
fharp answer and vile language was
bandied- between them, -as • Montgomery
•refused to give the transfers- : The. car.
wa& stopped and Thomas and his wife left
it. Thomas Immediately .returned and
broke his. umbrella on the ', head of the
conductor, .who retaliated, by - striking'
Thomas on the back with a switch Iron..
Some one grabbed the cohductor and Mrs.
Thoma? pulled his hair. Just;then Ser
geant Bush appeared upon the Bceney
The Judge will render his decision Sat
urday. ', ° ,«•¦;' - = :¦¦;¦¦¦"¦¦'
EXCITIIfG FIGHT QCGURS; .,v
ON FILLMOEE^STREET CATl
Tanforan Selections.
First race— Aphrodls, The GafTer, Introductor.
Second race— Legal Maxim, Contestant. Sir
Claus. ,m',;;*.
Third race —Tuthlll, Telamon, Advance Guard.
Fourth race—Theory, St. Cuthbert, Pupil.
. Fifth race—Torslda. The Singer, Hohenlohe.
¦ Sixth race— Rollins Boer, Raveling. Moon
brifeht. ' . v ;. ' -... *x.r^..-
' The Tanforan entries are as follows:
First, race—Six* and & half furlongs; maiden
three-year-bids; purse:
•mJThornwild 109 1732 Introductor 107
1946 Straight-Shot. .".104 .1740 IBbble Elklns...lf2
1765'Robert J 10" 1922 Sebastlana 102
1S22 The Gaffer...... 109 1875 Aphrodls 107
1Z40 Triple Cross.... 102
Second : race — Four furlonss; two-year-olds;
seWnr: . . - • ,
..'.. May S lfij 1739 Contestant .....103
1931 The Maniac 100; 1907 Sir Claus ....lpH
'1*35 Mustque 103 (1931) L#gal Maxim. ..103
1£S3 Anna B : 103 1
Third race— One mill and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and upward; purse:
1909 Janice 9i»| 1933 Ada' N 89
• il909)Telamon 104j(1727)Tuthlll 109
1S49 Advance. Guard. 113j- 1821 Autumn Ill
Fourth, race—Six/furlongs; four-year-olds anU
upward;' Balling': i '
1M7 St Cuthbert in 18)6 Asian ..103
1942 Tneorv 103 tl»30)Isaline .M04
1850 fup.il 10i> 1850 Owensboro 103
Fifth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
«-ard: selling: • .,
¦ 193S The Singer... '..IW 1S9R Vain, 109
. 1S70 Torslda 112 1837 L'lloa 112
1932 Hohenlohe 117 1947 Faunette 112
£ixth race — Five and a half .furlongs; threo
year-oids; puree:
1S73 Moonb,rlght ....1171 1933 Rolling Boer.. ..117
1895 Rid de Altar... 117| 1934 Cougar .........117
1911 Itavellng 122: 1946 Follow Me. 119
Tanforan Entries.
•Sixth ncf—^ix- furlori*:*; . ; !or(l-s-..art>l
tir^ard.; xkOxbs: ¦¦''¦¦' .'' '...' : '¦ *¦.',-** ¦/ ~'~ .-•'• :" ':¦
•15E8 All^-iaiti'.: ¦;.\: ; .U' l if"Wi .mnRrnkftfr'-i.'.ltji
IT24 Atarta:-,.. ¦..-.:¦..-. -9S' : l«VM/>ds-«ha •'....,:, Kil
3«23- Foul- jpjfcir, .;;•.. i£* I -W37->tontiiins- .i-Li.IH
lUHTounr. Mrtr*llo.l<Tr.'.IS^:aj!nioiiii -.'':...-. : .'.i(>3
•T«OS A'rni .Pail*': ' . Wof ¦ r-' ! .' .} -' ¦ - v ' '¦ . . ..- •
0 a kla n d Se Iec ti ons.
'.Fifft race— .pjfletot. Jloiriage.- ?atln -jCpaC- :.- '
... 6econa 'race^-i>bulil«; . : lli44 : ".Jiowjena, ""ra-me-
Irishmen. ;. ; ; : ''; ."• - .: .. : ;;^. : / ..•';•. ; ~; : '*
,;T!hIrd rice— SI enic'yai. ; ftqs> van .Rirkilylt*. 1 .'--":
¦•Frtunh. race.^Joe' RlpJ^jr.. : IJen«../
¦'Fifth ¦Tici^KxtieiirrLtl ' 'iioAtatlaOe; ' Ostler:
Joe\. -;V \--\\' ;•:-...¦ ¦.;::',A ¦:'".." ¦¦- :¦ ':::
Fixth rac*— -AH<*\ : lai»; .Alairia'. 6»rsond.'-'' * ' •
• Flftti raceU^'erntfei'lfouf-yejir-ol^i-'and-Hp^
»-ar4;'*elHju:':::;. ..- : . : ¦¦ ,-¦ '. f: t \-~.'^fjri} ¦¦: ;.':¦¦.
3S2? *3*aIef,iXo*:'. : .; r .': ;: jir'-i jSTS-^rand -fEbicHen(.irq>
1SK)5 t)on- • iiiiim. .-.•; /.' .Vi*?7i337'rOi0' -.'.\ . ; ; ¦.".¦•'•irt
< 18;.l)Kxf«t<!ferit:. %;•'. . ;'.JC4 ; -^MT. MA ydiii?' :. . .'.V>,1?2
1912 Mriu'talla*? .X.. W/V*2:' IT*: -Mirks. -¦¦ '.:,W»
l«j9Ftrotn6'-:^'. : :.;-.-.iWr'J^3o:ya*e*l: •:,-.. '..,•..-, .10*
.. FouriK'--rtee^ne.:.ac4. : >^ : :*iii«entb'.
J.^jtf.'jitiij itli1i,^pn liJ!"* 1 (1 J! 11 n .j ." ..'.' :'¦. ' ¦
.iseepranir'-;:ii.:;:: jii; :v:-ii -ij*na : -i.:«."i.-.i : .-V:.m-
; a^4)J^/RiRl^ ! V..:..ll^^}4>St;-Sr!r^Un'j;iU
.'Third: '. race— Ft>\JT',.. jfurltfriire.; V*'wof yearVoldfe;
pprse:, . f --> ; : ; /..j; ¦ ; . | >• i.-rZ,^-: . -j.-> ' > •; ' •
:. fc.'-Oui.' • AbeV<3T/*o-.in>t "lr'W/R.osip^ar- • ;', . v.y.ui
¦' ::\/,T*4a? -^Tarii* :.:.V <>l 5 V4 nr>Ea;:irotr.CM->l'fls
; ¦ '« 3?" -^ oritc^a .' :: . .-. :¦:. \<$ ¦ : jso£-.\Y$tf'r: Scratch; isi
.. Following axe the -Oa^huid 'entries: -. . ¦ : 
• First 'r&ce : T-F:}tXiHt>-;f-;ofiTser' tftr<eiyiarw3jils:
rur?<r-- ¦:¦'-/:. ¦¦, .'¦¦'¦¦.¦'. .-.'¦ '¦¦¦'. "¦<'¦''','¦' ! ;..:,. -.
¦¦-. irn Marry ;'-.;; '...V..'.. oi k'fttds tioniagtf :'. . .¦: «.-,ii;
lt'Z- fmrmitk.1 .'..: L: . i:l'U 'l!<4< :BUHt»-i-.:.\.., s .All3'
¦ ,.a7C2".Carh'.n* :.&»¦.%• A\! (iitlimdeTvi ; ;'...:';.,3H
. ini Stflfl-yowct'.;.'. r-::'K ; --;'. ••; ¦'.«: V ;. •• •;¦ ¦; ¦¦¦/._¦¦ > .
.' • Second -'^Aire^-^rive: jafi^a'i'jhiif . f»riopg»; : fqur-
j-ear-'>!4*' vil -airi»<ard;: pti.r>* : :".. -v' '••" -. :• - ! " : C->:
lS4.VMelk.arth ¦V:;.;":'..1W;.-i?ia li-iqrim ' •¦.'].'. : ;'i .'. : 10p
: IPO:.: l v n -.< 'a^aii .:. '. ;. .Y.h -Wi, liitt )e •-.Bister.'.iVIc;
.'. i«»:.Tar.ie :trl!#evR~B:tr ?: ": js.95 .Tiioni*"; ... :-. . ..v;..l'n; •
. l«^. ChaiHj.ltin- &(**.!«.;. ;t44 ¦¦JiewsKattieref-V-'lOS :
4HC2)L.>oubl>-c;.;,.y. ,y: ,y:; ' jv;4 •^iEif.-JloWfni-J^lOJ
Oakland ¦ Entries.
'.'No action has been taken as yet by the
Board of Work3 on the communication
sent by the Civil Service Commission,"
said Commissioner Manson. "It is clear,
however, that it, desires to usurp a prerog
ative which/ we believe, belongs solely to
us. namely, that-of judging of the relative
efficiency of the men whom we employ.
There appears to be two conflicting pro
vtfions in the charter and the City Xttoi
ney will be called on to. determine/which
one Is supreme. One section makes an ap
pclntment depend on the scholastic stand
in g_oftheclyil s e rv iceellg ibUstheother
For reasons- herein presented and by virtue
of the authority granted in the charter thl»
commission disapproves the . action *bf your
honorable board in ordering -the aforesaid sus
pension of appointees from the eligible or regis
tration lists, except in the "Inverse order of
their appointment. A copy ot this communi
cation has .been forwarded to his Honor, the
Mayor.
It Is apparent that the relative positions of
these mechanics and laborers upon the eligible
and resiBtration lists of this commission have
not been observed by your honorable board.
Appointees of lower standing have been re
tained, while those of higher standing upon
these lists have been suspended. Neither your
communication nor the report of the Chief of
the Bureau of Streets furnishes any charges
upon which these particular suspensions have
been ordered. No charge of Inefficiency or In
competency Is made In your communication,
nor has any- such charge been made at any
time against any of the parties thus suspend
ed. .We must therefore assume that they are
equally competent with those who have been
retained.
In the cape of the pavers we find that No-.
7, S and 14 have been . suspended, although Xos.
9, 10, 12, 13 and IT have been retained. In the
case of the rammers we find that No*. 1, 4 and
11 have. been suspended, although Xos. 2, ,5, 6,
7. 8, 10. 12, 13, 14 and 15 have been retained. In
'the case of the laborers we find that Noa. 15,
26. 28. 37, 40. 43. 45, 60, 61. 55, 57. 58 and 62 hav
been su«pended. although Nos. 27, 36. 38. 42. 44,
46, 48, 4f», 66, 60, 61 and 63 have been retained.
A clash between the Board of Public
Works and the Board of -Civil Service
Commissioners is imminent, owing to the
latter body lnsjstins that employes taken
from the eligible list be suspended only
according to the inverse order of their
appointment.
The Civil Service Board delivered its ul
timatum yesterday when it notified the
Board of Public Works that some ram
mers, pavers and laborers had been sus
pended without regard to their relative '
standing on tho eligible and registration:
lists. The communication states that the '
commission disapproves of .the action of I
the board and practically orders it to re- |
instate the men who were dismissed and
who stand higher up on the list than those
who were retained. Here is where the
commission will strike a snag and it is
on this rock that both boards will split.
While no official action has yet been taken
by the Board of Public Works, Commis
sioner Manson' stated yesterday that Is
sue would be taken with the Civil Service
Commission and the disputed "points
would be submitted to the City Attorney
for % settlement before the ultimatum
would be accented. Manson expressed
the opinion that the Board^of Works was
the best judge of the efficiency of .its em
ployes. While the charter in one place
recognizes the scholastic standing of civil
service ellgibles to be the mark of prefer
ence in appointments, Manson held that
another section places the powsev of prop
erly administering/ the affairs of tne
Board of Works in its own hands. In its
communication the Civil Service Board
says:
gives the Board of Works the power of
doing things necessary for a proper ad
ministration of Its affairs. The heads of
our 1 departments are certainly better
qualified than any one else to determine
the efficiency of those under their charge,
as they draw conclusions from rmctical
observations, while the Civil Service
Board bases results on theory alone."
BOARDS VERGING ON WAR.
Public Works Is Arrayed Against the Civil
Service, Objecting to Dictation.
PORTLAND; ; Or. , Feb-. , 2£— Edl Frank,
who h.'s been living iu Portland for;, yi-3
pest six months. Was* to-day. arrested on a
charjre of embezzling $10,000 belonslns to
the nrra of Lentr & Leiser. merchant* of
Victoria. B. C. It ta Said that Frank and
a man named S. G. Spfnce engaged- in
business at Dawsori. N. \V. T.. their StocK
of goods being; supplied by Lens. & Leiser.
Spence claims'that when Frank Iefr Daw
son he gave hrra- about $3000, afterward
sending J7Q0O more to- him at White HoTsa
Rapids, the whole sum to be paid to the
Victoria lirmason-Fnuik's arrival ther;*
Instead of going- to Victoria, tt M claimed.
Frank absconded to the UotWd States
with the money. -.. :. '•'.' ' '¦ •¦¦;. '-:.; ..'-....•:
Charged With. Embezzlement.
"Kid'* McFadden has his .work cut out
for him. Both Gilfeather and Curran are
cleVer boys and possess hitting* powers.
They will weigh in at 118 pounds each.
The curtain raiser will be furnished . by
lanky 'Joe Welch and Joe' Fields. Welch
has earned a reputation by winning many
bouts* before the local so-called amateur
athietic clubs. Fields is an Olympic Club
man, and made a fine showing at the re
cent boxing tournament held under the
auspices of the winged "0."
"Jack" Welch will referee^ all the fights.
ponent will also give a splendid exhibi
tion. The little auburn-haired bantam Is
matched to box Georpe Curran and
Tommy Gilfeather the same evening. He
will go ten rounds with each lad. and vic
tory-will not be. his unless he- either stops
or outnointa them. . ¦ .
C-yj-^HE Twentieth Century Athletic
• i II . Club will hold its initial boxins
• t 11 . exhibition to-morrow evening In
•JJL Mechanics' Pavilion. Managers
. Kennedy and Gieason have com
pleted their preparations and intend to
make their first show a shining success.
Ring-goers holding coupons for seats will
secure the chairs they paid for, and. bet
ter still, there will be none of those ions
delays that are usual at prizefights. Every
man scheduled to "enter the ring will be in
fine fettle 'and'shbuld'-give a good account
of himself. *,
Dal Hawkins and George McFadden,
two noted lightweights, are to furnish the
event of the evening, but followers of the
ring believe "Kid" McFadden and his op-
CLEVER BANTAM-WEIGHT BOXERS WHO WILL APPEAR IN .THE
RING AT/ MECHANICS' .PAVILION TO-MORROW NIGHT UNDER
AUSPICES OF TWENTIETH CENTURY CLUB. BUSHNELL PHOTOS.
Betting— Mountain Dew, 25; Diomed. 4;
Meadow Lark. 11-2; Faunette; 7-2; Whaleback.'
15;, Dunboy, 7-2; Eatro. 30; Mary- Kinsella. 40;
Slsquoc, 9; Position, i 100; Taranto, 20; Lady
Maud. 20.
lf>47. SIXTH 'RACE— Six and a half fur
longv; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. 4- Str." Fin.
W96 M'nfn Dew, 6. 107.Wdstd 1 1 h 1 It In
U62 niotr.ed, 4. 106 ThorpelO 8h 6 4 2h
l"06 Mead Lark, a. 103. J. Wds S 10 1 6 1 3 4
1749 Faur.ette, 6, 107 Henry 3 5 4 3 4 4 1
lhS» Whaleback, 5. 109... Enos 6 9h 7 51
1S24 Dunboy. a, 103.. O'Connor 2 3 1 4 162
U9* Estro,-6. 109 Fogg 4 4h 8 7 4
1SS6 M. Kinsella. 6. 107.Burkel2 11 9 82
1773 Slsquoc, 4, 106... J. Miller 7 2h 2h 9 6 •
....Position 4, 108.E. Powellll 12 10 10 4
.... Taranto, 6, 112..Brlngame 5 62 11 116
1169 Lady Maud. 4. 104.... See 9 7 h 12 12
Time— 3-16. :194; 7-16 :43^: 9-16, -.56; 64. f..
1:224. Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner, S. W. Stwett's. ch. m., by Blnzes-
Allce B. Meadow Lark- was the best: was
coming fast at the end. Faunette faltered near
the finish. Diomed ran a good race and got a
frtreng ride. Scratched— Sweet Voice 104, Rlx
fortl 106, Pallucas 109.
lf»4O. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs'; selling;
tliree-year-olds; puree, J350.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. 4- Str. Fin.
1S01 Tola. 103 O'Connor 4 4 1 3 Vi 1 2
U91S)Skip Me, 107 Henry 3 lh lh 2 4
1S93 Sublime. 101 J. Daly 1 3 1 2h. 31,
1918 Mamie Hlldreth, 1C2.. See 7 6 3 6 2 4 4
U63 Qulbo. 1W......J. Woods 2 2 4 4 4 64
1*01 Straight Shot. 107.. Burke 6 5 h 6 5 <5 4 ¦
1S2S Carlovignlan. 103.Jack*on SSI 7471
1M22 Cantinus. 106.Wedcterstrd 5 7 1 S 1 8 6
<l876)Follow Me, 104 Enos 9 9 9 3
Tiir.e—^i. :24U: 4. MSH: ?i. 1:14V- Good Ftart
Won easily. Second < and third driving. Win
ner. P. Dunne's ch. g., by Rlley-Zenobla. Tola
the best. Skip Me ran to her notch. It was a
Lad lot. Scratched-Klngstelle 101, Illllouon 103.
Betting— Tola. 11-10; Skip Me, : 13-5; Sublime.
15; Mamte Hildreth, *; Qulbo, 20; Straight
Shot, 100: Cj«rlovlgnian, 150; Cantlnus, 60; Fol
low Me, 20.
lt>4S. FOURTH RACE— One Mile; four-year
c.!ds and upward; purse, $450.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. 4- Str. Fin.
1S85 Flqrlzar, 4, 107.. T. Burns 3 3 2 1 14
lt>95 Gonfalon, 4, 107.... Henry 2 2 2 11 2 6
1S59 Prejudice, 4. 102. O'Connor 114 3 3
Time— H. :26«4; H, :51Vi; ?«. .1:164: mile,
1:41*4. Good etart. Won first three driving.
Winner, H. J. Scoggan's b. h., by Imp. Florlst
»"2arina II. Slow pace set . first three-quarters
enabled Florizar to keep well within striking
distance, and he outgamed Gonfalon In the
laet sixteenth.
Betting— Flcrliar , 2; Gonfalon, 1; Preju
dice, 4.
1044. THIRD RACE-Mlle and three-quar
ttre; hurdle handicap; four-year-olds and up
v.-anl; purse, f45O.
Index.' Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
1920 Choteau. 4, 120'. .. Bennett 1 2 12 2 10 12
1W0 Eva Moe. 4, 126..Wed % std 2 18 11 2 10
V.20 J. O C, a, 150....McMahon 8 3 S 3 15 3 15
1920 f Sharkey. 4. 12rt.Corbley 9 4 4 4 4 4 4
I'iCI May Boy. 6. 142-WrthBtn 3 5 5 a
1S72 Koenlg, 5, 120 Brodle 7 •
1S20 Veragua. a, 143..Hueston 5 ••
1920 The Callfn. 4, 13O.McKenlO •
1764 Granger, e,' 140. .Johnson 4 ••
133S Gllberto. 5, 125 Young 6 ••
Time— 3:1S. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner, B. Cavanaugh Jr.'s b. g., by
Montana-Mascot. Eva Moe should hare won;
l.oy made too much early use of her. Veragu*
was going very easily when he . fell. Choteau
closed stoutly. J O C had up too much weight.
•Pulled up. "Fell. Scratched— Maggie Mitch
ell 125.
Betting— Chpteau. 10; Eva Moe. 3; J O C, 4;
Tom Sharkey. 6(7; May Boy, 7; Koenig, 6;
Veragua, 5; The Caltfornlan, 60; Granger, 15;
Gllberto. 40.
Betting— Vohicer, 7; Donator, 4; Artilla, 6;
Narssen. 11-10; Josephine n, 9; McN'amara, 40;
SMeJonK. 60; Locochee, 50.
1O4.1. SECOND RACE— One mile: Belling:;
ftur-year-olds and upward; purse, $400. ;
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. 4- Str. Fin.
KS5 Vohlcer. 4.. 99 J. Daly 4 14 12.11*
Ul? aonator. 6. 107.... Thorpe 8 2h 22 2 n
U3b Artilla. 4. 105. ...T. Burns 3'31 3 1 3 3
(lP40)NHn!»en. 4. 1C4. ..O'Connor 2 4 1 43 4 1
U9S J'sephine n, 5, 107. Henry 1 6 1 5 3 5 2
1«H»S McN'amara 4. M...Hurke 6 7 10 7 12 6 1
1SU3 sidelong:, 5, 10»..'....Forr 5 5h 6h 7 8
U27 : Loeochee. 5, 102 :.S?ee7 8 8 8
Tjp,*_y t : 26i4-. Vi. :50H: »i, l:MJ mile. 1:41*;.
Good etart Won nm three driving. Winner,
J. K. Patten's b. h., by Imp. Ft. George-Fan
fare. Vohlcer had too much speedd for, his
field. Donator ran a fwell race and was well
r ; <lden. Nanwn stopped when the pinch came.
ArtUla showed Improvement. Scratched— Vain
102.
Time-li, :23U; %. :35; %, l:00U- Good «tart.
Won' easily. Second and third driving. Win
rer. \V , H. Ketcheman's br. c. by imp. Sir
Modred-lmp. Queen Bees. Kenllworth much
the bent. Gold Ijuce stepped to a walk. Bdln
borough ran a smashing race. Tab Beau
Mgnde In poorer company. Theory ran her
roce.
getting— Kenllworth, 1-2; Theory. H-5; tMin
borough coupled with Kenilworth: Dr. Cave,
4 1 '', Gald Lace, 20; Be^u Monde, 100; Mrs, Cru
r.tll, COO. . '.
1901.— Weather fine. Track fast.
11M2. FIRST RACE-Five furlongs; three
year-olds and upward: purse. $4C0.
Irdex. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. H. Str.- Fin.
<lS81)KenlIw-th. 3. 108, T.Burns 3 2 1 12 12
1S59 Theory, a. 111... O'Connor 4 4 3 2 4 2 ns
W10 Edinbor'gh, 4, 116.Bozmn 2 3 4 31 3 4
1P2S Dr. Cave, 4 116..\Ved"*td 6 6 V. S 4 4 4
1H4 Gold Lace. 4. 111. ..Henry 111 4251
1163 Beau Monde, a. ll«.FogK * »h 6 4 6S
U25 Mrs Urunell, 3, lP3.Pets'n 7 7 7 7
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
TANPORAN PARK— Tuesday. Feb. 26,
I »5.i: : BfXtT-fj JtA<?fi— Five -- f urlor.y* ; \ me'Weij
thri»~^year-o!d». and'npw'ardi-; -'ihirJ>f!;':'-t34b. --.¦:.: ' ¦
Index: ' Ucrs-^ '\\~i'fjoc£xy'.-'&.i. : • V-'"*«-- Fin. •
i**) Hilary; : -4.'Mi*-::.rKum\iryA''i z -Si. .i?
:&•'• < Vn-.j^aj-jcri. :i. ¦l'X..lif.i-tsgr..Z.- I 2-~. J.4 - : -2 i .
.¦Mr.fcer, 'V*ML^4>»uaid^SO l .-¦ 2 1 :.'.* 10 •
:T« 3. ¦I'i.JM.-tini-'.'-'S'l '-7 -1- • ? \ '
ES* .Rtcilard: «% % -ii\ MMh w» 1 . S 1 .- 4 i " * J
:»il EflirK O..- J...rfi't-...rikrlSr.lr i .-« 2; "5 X -.'6S
..v: : «fcJ3a4f.n*i »; : .lW.;.HfiTsy.> "S • ¦ .V-2 ¦"•¦ 2- ':
¦.lS>S;'L.s4i'.-Rtce;.:-'£Vloi-.VK>Jlj-,.$.-"T 2 .-'6.2 «2
. ;.;:¦;' Ra.a<3 ,-Af ec't/ 3.'' 03.;H'>ar. • • Jf >> ji : -.-:»¦• .".
' Tinie-^!^.a3ii::'iv;"- i'S'a.;-' *i.:ite-.: &<*xi. wart:
VTon : eafifj:.- . SPftj'od *th5. tElf.4 4livlnx, -"Win
ner. T); -O: ph;.fc-..Ky.;HarTj- : O".Fa«Qn-
Kthe'..{ (.VaTpafllT3i : " stajpf '«=?* ntar- the close".
KJnFfr .ran «.-fafr;.Ta,c*. ; . •.¦.."¦:.••.:'. "•:: * .... ' .- ;
Berti'r.g^-.H Uar-}:.- ¦ « ; Oorii'fiarilo'ri. •'. 2; .^Ipgr'er." 3 ;
AgnM-tciai.4- mchsrd S, -15? Edith .©.-. 1(T; Gran-"
a/line. i30: tady. .filee. : :25::-Jlorid- A5ent..29. : '. •.
Time— 4, -yo>ix '». ::J5Vi;:>.' -52^ i; V." V-iftii
tnlie. %:&\ ' l s ,«nv"2Vifl; Xiooii -etart. '.-.NViDn'. -Orst
three «T,\:\Tqt-.. Win;, -r,; pii^lp.&.'Co.is. b. h. by
Emperor -.if;. *I«T-f'nK-lli^ . Ff-ri:'- i^iangta: -lanW
*nd. seur: ' Me*"»-p*-.'.J>ottr*<i;-b\'.- Norfcr-d at the
first tumi. \ Hcrt"ottv.pjti'itr*<nfl^- : .n<>t." ne
fnrt.isi.c- the etfxipr- go'irtt;.-'- rC^irp-.'sulKctd. .": • ' r
ISeuicg— Xorlqrd;-'<;"Rio J^Jiannoh'. Ji; t'arda;.
I, Bs^.pcr; 13-5; : Hc>rton.-.<i-5, ; JHp'Oiieo,- 15;^ : .
J!*r,2. F!FTH:-{ RAck-i-Oife^^jijs ¦•'..and ; V..-'an
eighth; rf-liiins.; tjvrt' •-ye.a.r^y^s -¦';8Ti4 CipvraTdj
purs*, ftGtC ;;. -'.i •-. -. ¦•-' • *" ,"•¦ • : .*.';--' -.=¦ • -¦ . ' „.'. ¦: - '. .'
In<l?s. Hqrfe, .AVt. • Jcjckey^' gt. '.>*•- Str. Fm/
w* NorfArfl,:- 4".- vl"; . ,ry>mnx •; • 3 4 -¦ t> t i;«:
l«*s R, .^bannV.h; 4; ICI.KcUy'i ¦ J y.':!-2 "2 10-.'
l»i; Uar<ia,' 6. ..Ili..-.Buliman-.-;.'.Jn • !'! * 2 -'.
l*y, Bsr^or; .-5;.': •il4..>.'.ShieW?-S -'-4 1 :-'-| J ; :-4 * :
<US:iHcJrJ^r':".o;v.lIi;.',.iI.Hy'afe I."* -;-5 4" .S*'-"
u ir -*)ra.-.'.hi'--. ¦, -v.'.-iv -«vii >; :'2 . « ¦ -6:.
thr;p*-J.*«arrc>l'?s-ahij"...u^f\V2?'cli .i*uVi-e*.5iO6,"; : -.""."" "¦
In'lrt." 1 Kto&L -.\V.t," .JocK^t. :- ?i;.".-?^":Str.'.' j"fn.'
fca-Cxpciiffit. :.-4. ivi'-x.K'Hiy^-A- .-.¦4'^ -r-a '¦
Vtit MCi'^rit.". <T, ¦lO2.'.i><)rrrr.ck".2. S-.n S 1' :-J ' 2 *
«l?I'T)I>nnrf£e;i »; "*7 >."'.-. H'i'r.*** -4 ¦¦« S; S" - .3 2
<IS124Amas'a,-:ir •.i/'l.'VMaHh»Hi : «-.5-.''l i- .2 1 ¦-. 4. 1-.:
i?l7 I'eaci?, ?,' S?6 : ;i,:r.ilounce:x;i« \% n.'0 : .^ ¦
Tlme-Si. -:C5::'4s r ''il-V;?i'.Ji:lt>iitV' Gorod -start:*
Wcti handily,' .'.\\ mn>r;-P..'.-fi.- -Krn3t1i> Jirh.:'.fr.
by flambea^-Exi'erlnit-jrt;. '• C^tctiihs iiie -. fast
onrs ' 'all cm.-"!'- EXi>cJk'r.t. yrpn'. -BaJidiKy-.;' H/sco
rito burnped' X>iirifpff .an<i !pf*<*. !ci;poslte pad
dock .an4 ¦»;H?^f^i^jtft»(i.".: .-TDistjijialiflel .for
foulii.ic and ¦fiijfecetf'tJhst.- ¦ .;'"•¦ ¦ •"¦' r i. •'. ¦ .- •' "•¦ "
fcs*"itiJ;f^£Zxp»-iier.r;- «w ; ". '3Ioc^*iio,;.'3; .Diirifree,-
S; Amas%:;. «; rentel- 3'Z-.\ : '¦¦'¦/, --'..I? ;:y .-¦_ _\
6tfasitlln5-.i='tart. A> iiiner:' Jtt3BXr&- LvUtftli* s
ch. %.". bv-. -St.-> iCariq-QleriUviet. '
raced ,Vic.toi:U; -to «t - s iindstillJ • JfJauef'/said .la
fc».'bO<-k-» ; htririM:.--I>oawel:»^a-."ntieht ¦ Jinye; won'
if n»a>: bf"aef/":"'firra"frti«fe->iikV - Murfhy. IC3;
¦Vasallo-i.'IOJ. ••JEJi::g!bt-:'M{<<5n-.10«f. .; : ..:•'; ; .' •: '-.
, .- letting — <i lv rxierrnihsf. ¦!<-^;: Ijpu&fitevi, '&; Xlc-
"t«p-y< s ar^6Ks.:..; ; purse,' ; $$(fi".-" i '. \.' ¦ :". : ' i'l ¦;. '¦ ' ¦ '¦
lojorx". Horfr*; -Wrt;. 5'<-ic»<-..- .iFt.^'J&^'Str/.pn.
{l^E.r.i^^etjnfnp. l/J.Mounrj^-.-J 3- 2 4 -•¦•I 3. ¦
,is:6Lou»ti>^a; iP3:i>.im".n«r£ « '.* v; 4 5.- •¦;¦?• •
.0OO)Vrcf|'-r'ia-;Sj: l"> r .nuliKian 5, i-T'.. I'J." .S'.l*
• 1H1 WiKi-iahrtl; -i"^'- ,MattiWF.l .-*S '¦¦¦¦ 3 2. -4 .4 •;
•...:.'.¦ EHcalijite.": .KjSv.'. : .--.'Mc>>v?11 : V- 5 ¦' S. :'. -o'.'.'--
l>tting-M(ir!nfH;' -Sr-Mi'reMHey ISTT-fce IJeB'*-'
•dif t %b: Tftin ''¦opdn.i-V'.'lij --.llyira-tP/.'.lKii^Krsnk.
' •:..¦' Don Orsino, 6. : ttiiBStcr fc .-5'4.-- il» ¦'¦*' 12- .
¦ ls-36 Evirato;,' ¦ «,-. W.'2i.Gv\d*ri 6'. 6 -.¦•£¦.*. '
0t4!> F. \V6o<Jb; . 4. KS.-.liaoJ^fi a f -o'*-. f_" .«... ¦
\ Tim«-J».' :13V.' »i.- : :"S3W:;'..:ii.:":"sJ4;.-,7»;.i;:33it.'.
GcmxJ start. •\\on.--ea*Uv. .- -;'sep<-i.a<r -n-nd. .- t*lrit
Urn In*. Winner; ; E. .Carey's K/*. .ty". Sib ranter-.
J>.ma. ' \Vinr.»T -had >i'«ei..ic ',{<ian..'-'M.^rVll'lt.a
ran a ntc*' rare -after his".lop.g-r«?*lrerm?nt. The
Prr>*-d1ri' : bot'". In -to ¦ tfi*:-.die«'fv«Pt footing; and
q-iit-J :-... l.'or\ * rr-fifiti .'';puHe.ii\'u}»- cA- t-fiTee. .-If.?*-.
lf»4fl. : SECCJND-. RACE-^ven. fartaripsr.^ll-''
Jr.fv'.fburryear'-jo'ifis -arid 'upward;- purse, -J4Q(>. . :
Inoex. iMorf?,' Wt.- jockej-. : Pt^' **: : .-Str. -Fin. ¦
US Morinca;. «; . 101..Sloun'c«-.J : 2 I."'- 1 1. . 15
: .: -. Mci^lllto. it.: 5^..-Mai^to*-i f Stf'-*.a-*:S 5
IKS T(Te-..Benfdc«.:<, 'r»«.T>6m"4 i : 4 . ,3 h".-.3.»».,
P^tt!njr-fn Ka.rn. S; Jolra. Welch, :«;. Qeorge
Iv-.\p>-. i;. IVgalcng, :30;: : M.'. -Coniiors, " 2Q; Ln.
tlante'. 3-2;- Carrfe- Luei*.'-' &; .'Annfeley; ¦'«);
•Bi!it:»: Wh- Abija.' -L.;- £.- - ;-/'." ' : ; '.-. ¦ '. ".-"=-' :: ' - - ',
: .;i: BiliUs. 3. 101. ..H. llrp«.n.€ W ". 16 '. •¦ 9 1 .
1S»S Abbji- 1,. 3. aQl:~..Brodf<;rtJ 45 J. ";> ". J9-. "
• TJni'e^i; : .13«,4': %f :3«4;.»».'.1^5. • : <joo<l • ?tatt.
Wen easily. Secoii'l .and lhlrd. : dri'vih.B.- >Vit)
ner. W. H. I'tirlMiim. 1 * -eft. «: 6jpJErfi*JfO-K*Ql
ione. ¦ .El -'Karn-. t>t-st- end., well .riCfferi. : XVcIch
of llttl#. arcoiinf. Instant* a' bad.', excuse: -.
OAKLAND RACETRACK^- Tuesday.
Feb. • 26, • lMl.— Weather, -firre'.- .Track
. ; slow. .- ¦ • .-¦" ;'.;.. ¦'¦. . :• • •;
I»4S. FinST RACE— Fire fijrton**; .mSlden
thrw-year-djd*; purso. I9QD.," '.' - - ¦. "'..'.
Ind?x. Hors«». Wt. Jockey. -Pt.'..^. Stir: Trn.
I r '24 Kl Karri, i, 103. ....Kelly 1 3 \ v '. 1-8 H ¦
¦ :ks$ John \V>lrh.-4, lOt.Dcmk ? 5 1 2 1 . 2.6 ¦
3«42 G*o. T»ew>y. 3 103.. Mni* S 9 4 41 .1'H
l.*00 T'-galonK. 3 . " lOT.-.Alxndr 5 -4 V- S Mi 42 ¦
UN-It Connr*. 3. SS.-.mtIry'4 ir...--? 2 .-6.1 .
. 16«9 iriFtante. 3, iO6..BassnKr. 7 • i 1 « «^r 6. 5 ¦
:<<»} Car. hues*, 3, 9i:.RansrfiK> ¦% 6 ¦•: ¦'*¦ 1 -7-5 .
....; APnw>y ( 3. riftf.. . IKafle.S" 7 1. "^.H 8 -S .'
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
¦.T^ie Jumps; one and! th.r.ee-'quarter'3TiileB,
: tfte won' by Choteau." whft st)ld as «high as
it' Co 1. : EaEjy. iri.'trie race -. there was
•Wh'<>lesjaIe'-toUering.. Koenig; Veragiiai The
¦Cal?f6rnla4j'. : .^Jranper- and GllbertiS. -went
.^pytcf .it" by hurdle Stumbling. .Chotiau
•an'dl.Eva 1 - Mpe had. a. race in the. utretch
for tlte.-nfsV'and." second places,- 'J "O C
gfetline tTie.sbow.-..- :¦ - . ; - " - •
Winnie 1 0-'tT'onnpr on Tola at- even "money
¦won frortj. .a Jong>tring iri '.the fifth race,
¦six .-furlong*. .'for t.hrpe-year-olds. Skip Me,
."8f<ond cjiolce, got' th« place and Sublime,
¦& 15 -'to 1 sbof-eamf: in .for "the show. :
-. Mountain -DeW. -ridden by Wedderstrand,
landed her 1 followers 25\to 1 to the good
1ft. th&.last race.-.', Meadow .Lark was the
.fAvorijjpi .but. Diome<!. ; 5 to 1, Thprpe up,
went ".around" llie ring.^s the good thing.
•Ulomed: .got-, the- 'place,* Meadow • Lark
: Workings at shcw.'out:of-the money game.
•¦ ¦'Vphiter^- a' 7; to -I" shot, ..won '• .t.he " second
Krace,." / Daly.- jooK. this "fourTyear-oia -well
rcutttfi'-thre frojn-'t-. after the : start arjd-jwbn
f'hand:ll>f', ..never losin*?' the/ le<id.'- ".'-70.011)6
boq -P.q'naior .Onlshed^seeo'hd and' Ari ilia,
BthJeiraiwriteii-'caitiQ-ln for -the febow., . T; here
,*as a. : ?trbng4ipo.ut On Vohjcer. but there
\ -were few: who hit' the. bb;ok*..bn that ac
i frbunt -= : /".¦ • ¦' = ¦ ;. • .% •-¦": . ¦ . :¦
:' Th> - race of the day; one mile for four-
Sear-bldstarid upward, the fourth. on the
: eard. was : w6ri easily by.Florizar. Tommy
.Burns- piTeted^. the winner and rode his
Vact!.in «u;ch a : fashion as to leave nothing
for llenrjr o'n Gonfalon and. O'Connor on
Prejudice wfteri the finish came. Preju
dice took -xhe lead at the start, but when
trie .threes-quarter post was passed Gon
-faJon worked- 10 the fronts Florizar was
held back until toe right.. time and then
Btirnsr wh>pped.up. From- the paddock to
rbe: : wire Tiorizar took on -.a brace of life
and' finished .a, length and a. half ahead
:'of' GoTifaJonV the favojrite iat; even money.
;FT.lorjzar-6oia-at 2.tol.-.-.J - ', ;•' "."'•
¦¦ :f\inllyvpjnh- x - Tommy;- Burns" working the
whTel;- beat- tjie ..fl'?ld • to'" i>'aSy" fcishlon .in
;;the-flrpV -race: pyier the-flve-furlong- route
for" ".thr'ipe^yeir-fo'ld9,-aod.".upward'."';\ .K^nil;
.Worrtli'.wii-s^ppjupled^witrt KiJinbom agb in
:th^ betti«r and- ffcey *pld: at .1.10.2,= good
!rnorrey:-;f<5r''.The: -fnrm- pJayer?. . Theor>',
.witfi' 6 ! C^nno:r 1ri-' the saddle;.. andrEdln
borough, wl.tJi"'Boieman ; urr^-hada hard
Cnish ror.?t«e"placie, .the farmer cajituring
•-thta.end.6t thie p>oney. : '.: : -- : : :.' . --
AT TANFORAN TRACK
By Louis Honig.
5*™rfTCO favorites and four of the out
/ lly'isiders took first money at Tan
¦;|| . : tor.ari yesterday. .The card kept
- Jt' ..the form players' brows in a wrin
'••: ; .-kle a)l the time and the long-shot
pikers- landed with the goods on several
occasions." ¦ ¦ • • . ¦ .• '
. Barigpr will not try alter being bumped.
fo Dominlcki who ro<ie Tsorford, put the
¦chestnut horse our of, business at- the
first turn. '
•P. Smith, the owner of Expedient,
thought : so well of h!s horse's chances
that he .bet on Mocorito.
While "Dnc" Streett's gelding. The Ben
edict.-finished third at Oakland, startire
a 3 to 6 chance, another member of the
stable. Mountain Dew, downed a field at
¦Tanforan; going to the post 25 to 1.
.\Hilary finally broke Frank McMahon's
•ruhr -6t ha'rd luck by escRpir.g from the
maiden' class is the last number decided
at Oakland.
':' At one time looking a winner^in the sec
ond'-'race at the track over the bay Don
:4)rsi'np:-pulied up in very bad shape.
: F;-'.-Keiiy. for- a green boy, rode some
yery clever races at Oakland yesterday,
twice winning brackets. His handling of
the: Jong shot Expedient was a nice piece
cf- work. •' .' "-..''¦
Trade Notes.
•Companion has a world of trouble try
ing to leave the maiden cla.«<s. The filly
\vag afked to -beat a very eheap assort
ment in the closing event and was •beaten
tut t?as?ily by Hilary, a 5 to 1 shqt.
• Bpth' Horton, the favorite, -and Bangor,
fhe s^cend c-hoic«», were sidetracked in the
mile. ?.nc\ a furlong run. • Xorford, with
Dc.rhinlck on .his back and 6 to 1, passed
Rio Shannon in th*>. run home, scoring by
half a length with something, in reserve.
Bangor was- bumped, after which he re
fused' to try, and Horton seemed all at
sea. with Mounce. ,
: -.Jn ttie -opening-, hve-furlong sprkit El
-Karn .finally. l<?fi. -the maiden classy The
three-year-old with F.\ Kelly- in the sad
dle re<;i?tied -u>'th> betting to threes and
-'U<en.Wdt-Jqhn Welch ami G«prge-£>ewey
as;she .JIHed...'- '. '- . ' - • •• . •
.':•' ~I?oc*"'.-Kireett'p The Benedict' was a-dis
rnaV failure of landing. the second . purse.
OOf^iigVa 2 tp5 chancy. Dominick ap
p^areof unable, to -keep the gelding' from
¦.fcorfnerJ-n toihe rail, where'tno going- was
'deepest; r«nn!pif-a poor third: Moringa,
at 3 t :.bounced. .in nearly- half a dozen
lt-crgths before rejuvenated Morellito.
.-Barney. Sc-hrieber's Woodland farm bred
.tw^-y-ear-pld- Victoria S.was taken off the
Coal* arid served up an even money choice
.tor the •-•¦kindergarten" soiree, ' The filly
wa-sbVckshinnipa and unable to carry her
sp£ed to- the wnre^ finishing "ti»ird. -Glen
denning;; from !the "stable ot Atkin,&Lot
tridge-and' second in demand, won cleverly
•£rpm; Louwelsea.
• '" . .•• carcasses of five- favorites" .were
'^trtwn.along the route. Inasmuch as the
out.Bide public; has been getting the coin
¦of slate .at the track across the bay. one
day. of. reverses- will not work ruination.
Expedient, a. 50 to 1 shot, excellently rid
den by. F.' Kelly, rang up an "eagle bird"
for tho : books when he finished In front of
•a, batch of fast' ones iri the .fourth-para
¦graph. Peace ' enjoyed a pronounced call
'dri.;the.:ring and a{ the start accompanied
by ".Amatia raced away from, the other
;'tftre<9 sprinters. In a most unconventional
manner. -JVV ell. on toward the wire both
wearied, -and Dominick- on Mocorito tried
a'- "flying /wedge." It was a. success, as
: Peace, Airui ?a and I>unf ree' were all • well
shaken up. " Before Dpminick could' get
I Straight ej?ed.- out ¦ ahd Ms bearings ad
|ustoa,'F/Kfelly,tpok the toboggan route
•on. the, outside, siiilng in.nrst by- two
.•lepg^hs.' .Mocori,ro : finished Becond, but on
.a -ciairn [of. foul, riding? "being lodged .with
.the judgpp.5- was disqualified.' This gave
the; pJace.to'Dunfree and show honors to
Amasa; •••¦-.. : ': '. . : . . : •• ••'
£»«I<JHE troubles, of the talent at Oak
r.ll land yesterday were multifarious,
•:' 11. for the. IbIow and cuppy track, dls
¦ • J_^ .. • torted figures and form, and the
By F. E. Mulholland.
AT OAKLAND TRACK
Two Favorites and Four Outsiders Take the Money at
Tanforan=-iKenil worth Is Easy Picking. /
General Wood said the -greatest diffi
culty experienced was In getting the con-*
servative .element interested, In municipal
government.^ His purpose was -to 1 bring:
the best element to the front- The com
ing .municipal -elections- wVjuld : pavp the
way .for the elections to be held under
the electoral law being; drawn up by the
convention. ".".'-
General Gomez-had no objection to the
outline of the' future relations between
the United States and Cuba as recom
mended by. the Senate of the United
States. ... ; *<•••-• •.
HAVANA, Feb. 26. -General Gomez vis
ited Governor General Wood this morning
and assured him that the stories of un
rest and" dissatisfaction at the continuance
of the. .United States .Intervention were
false, and that he had been misrepresent
ed in statements .to the effect that he fa
vored" an immediate- withdrawal" of the
United States troops and giving Cuba ab
solute independence. If they withdraw
now he feared "bloodshed. Beyond doubt
within sixty, days the Cubans would be
fighting among themselves. .' General Go
mez added: •
"If the Americans were to withdraw, to
day I would go with them.."
General Gomez- said .he recognized the
fact that the United States was responsi
ble for the establishment of a stable gov
ernment in Cuba. and could not withdraw
until, such aid was brought, about. The
work of handing over the- reins of gov
ernment to the new republic was .an un
dertaking Involving much time and labor
and a large amount. 6f study and, expe
rience on.' the part of Cubans in the work
of self-government. The general also said
the. element in control of the municipali
ties was not working in the interest of
the isjand. , The officials were* inexpe
rienced and* could not be given a- free
hand. It would mean the destruction and
ruination of the island. *•
Tells General Wood It Would Be Bet
terf or United States to Lease Land
"for Naval Stations Instead of
'. ' Buying. It Outright.
Veteran Leader Declares the
. : Cubans Are Not Ready to
Govern Themselves.
GOMEZ APPROVES
AMERICA'S ACTS
,•-•=.'•:¦ •:¦:¦:¦¦ •
OPORTO. Feb. 2S.— It Is understoo<S the
Brazilian Government will derna.nd ex
planations from Portugal for: tJje attempt
made to abduct the daughter «f the Bra
zilian Consul here and -plaice her- In a eon
vent against the ' wishes of her father, v. .
A collision between the police and stu
dents last evening resulted. In nurrtheri
on both sides belns. injured; . The police
invaded the institute In pursuit of the
students and the professor.3 protested, to
the Government.", ¦. : , '. • ,'•
, 'A dispatch received . here • from- Rio Ja
neiro says that a. mob at that place stoned
the Portuguese representative on account
of the Incidents at Oporto.' ;. v ,¦ ;.. .
There is much excitement her* In con
nection with th*" anti-clerical feeling. The
Vose Publlca saya the present situation,
in. Portugal cannot.be prolonsed.-for.lt
constitute* a veritacle national perIK add
ing, that the foreign clergy. wh a. have en
tered Portugal are contributing' to i the
reaction which -is .a;basing:' the. country-
El V'anguarda .also prote«.ta, agaire't -the
invasion of PorfuKrt! daring the laui fif
teen years by rt?liffi<.'U3 cqnKreisattbns. . '
Police and Students Have a Collision
In Oporto and a Numfeer 6t , ; •
Persons" Are In-v-'v ¦¦•¦ :.' : /" ; .¦•;
Portugal Will Probably Have
to Explain Some Recent^
Occurrences.
BRAZIL MAY
MAKE DEMANDS
EXPEDIENT BEATS A FAST
FIELD AT ODDS OF 50 TO 1
TBE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,^, FEBRUARY 4 J7, 1901.
"KID" McFADDEN MUST
DEFEAT TWO MEN TO WIN
Clever Little Bantam Has a Big Contract on
His Hands for Tomorrow Evening.
4
BAIXWAY TRAVEL.
¦•DTHBkUl FAVIYIV lOItrAJIt.
(rAOirio aiaxcM.) ; =•. • ;
TialsTi !••«• »¦•• ore •¦• to »rri*« •! .
MAX rilA?l€ia€«». . .
"*» (lUln Una. Foot of Mattel SUssil)
Ijutb — • From jA3tPA*T 1. 1901. — amut«
7:80* B-nicii. Suijun, Eliniim, V»»Tin% i m . m ''-
Romsfyaud b»cr»mento.. ........ Tl-fSr
TtSOA Davis. Woodlsad. KnigbU L*adjnj,
M»ry«»i:ie. Oro.llle -•-;;-•; ,I'1? P
T:SO» AtUatlo rjptfBj— UjJen and Eul l*il*r
8:O«* Martinez. S»uU*inoa,V»lleio. X*:k
CalUtoga and SanU Koia «iI."»f
SiOOAKtlee. LWenaora. Tracy, Lathiopt _ ._
Stockton • TiXSp
•:SOa ShuU Txprets— DmIs. Wililinu (fof
Bartlett SpriogsX WUlowi, Red
Blufl. Portland...- 1»-13»
¦il»A San Jose, Llvermore, fltocktmi, 0
lone. fcacmniBiito. Plaoer?llla.
M*r7«»Ul<-, Cbieo. Knl Klml 4tl»p
HtSOA Oak iSale. Chlnets, ionora. Caitera... * i1»P
UsOOa Hajwardt. NUraand Way Hution*. lliaSa
WiOWA Los Asceles Express — Marline*.
Traej. LatLrop. tttocktoo. Mereed
rrmoo aud Los An^sies T<13r
OiSOA ValMo. Martinez ana W»r Htattoos »il»f
JO:O»» ThoOTeTlantiLlmft«d-©g(leo, Da*.
T«r. Omaha. Chicago •*O»
II:O«a Nile*. Stooktoti. Hacram«nto. Men*
dota. Fresno. Uaotoxd. Vialla,
rorter»Uto -• ••• «•!»»
lliOO k Llvermore. Banger. Goshen Jose.
tion. Bakersfleld. Los Angeles......
tli«SP Baeramento IClrer SU»mers.. ........ t3' a «A
3>*Op Haywarda, K.les ami Waf Station*. 3i «lf
4iO»rMattluez. Han lUmon. V«Uej*
Naoa. CalUtoija, Uota Hill*
4i«»pOenlcla, Wlateis, BMramenio,
Wooilland. Jvitigbta J.uodinf.
¦ . ai.rj.wliK^rotillo - •»:*:»»
4i*o r n«Tw»r1». WHo»»ik1 Hmn Jom...... t*"«J*
StOOf KUes. LlT«rmore. Stoek&on. Lodr... I«hJ*
r 1:QOr Bunse* Limited. Kl Paso. J New
Orleans and East «IO:13*
StOOrTha Owl Limited— Tracy. Flrasao.
Bikersfleld. Bangui for Sant* Bai«
bar*. Lo« An«olt* ....¦¦¦•; »»it»A
Bi«»r K»w Orleant Express— liakersfleld. . .-
8ant» B»rl)»ra.LosAnge»e»i Denj. <./
ing. El Paso, Nsw Orlsaut m4
Ka«t Ti-tSa
fijOOp Haywardi, Nlleiaod Han Joi«...... **••¦
toioorvaiiejo. -: H»*a»
0i«ur Oriental Mall— Ojden. Cbejena*. _
Omaha. Chlcsga ./... ia«13»
«:OOr Oriental Mall-Ogdoa, Don»e». •:
Omaha. Chicago. ;«•• •««»3r
?iO«pOieKOiiand Calllnrnia KipreM.Hao« .- ,¦ , .
r»metiti>. Mari«»llle. itwMlng.' ¦: , -•.
rortUml. 1'ugei Hoiih«I ami rtaak •if3A' -
8i«»r Baa Pablo. Port Ooata. Msxttoes - ¦¦ .. •
and War HUUous. .;.. III-;**.
l»iO3p Vallrjo Tt*3r
COAST IUVISION (Narrow Ua«gejj. . 2 ..,
(Foot of Mirkct Street.) .. • '.¦'¦¦¦',
¦sl-iAllewaric.Celitettllle.Saj.IoBO.FpltoD. •.¦:
Boulder Cieek.SantaOim and Wa»
tutions •••-• •«*•»
ISilSr Wewaik. Ceuterfllle. San Joie^ Kew ; .;.. ; '
AlmadeD. Foiton, ItnuUlar Creek, .- - '
. - - Santa C'rui and Vrincip*i W»r ¦: 'r - . . ,
. Stations !«•«»•»
«i!3r Newark, S»n J6»«, Lou Gatos...;... »»i»»A
et:3«r Hnnttn' Excursion, San- JcM-aad 1_*_^- '
Way Buttons ?*«••?
• CREEK ROUTE FERRY. ¦ ..
tttmus mucisco— r«u •/ xarktt sui«i 1% ij— :;¦ ¦
T7:18 *M 11:00a.m. . IM «.<D «tl»«fv
From Oakland— Foot of Broadway.— H t> t>»*"
10:C0a.gi. 11:00 1:0ft •; 4:00p.m.; ' :
COAST 0lfisiO5 (Itroad liangeT. /;¦'• ; .
. - - <ThlrJtuidTovtngen<l St».) ,.• . -; : :¦¦
1«:IO» Ocean Vto». 8onti» oan Franclmi.. t»»*«»*
7«»«A8an Jpw *<»\ Way SUll..ua (S^« .-;¦' ¦¦' ¦¦
Al.imlen We<li««d«rio.<>Iy)-:v-;*. ;1»»»» .:
9t—k Han Jose.. Tr«s PUkX. Hiuta Cnia, ... ; : . .
.> - Fsciflo '»!«)»•. Va»» llulilcs. a»B :.: -. •". :.
Luis Ol.lin>.N • Burf. Xompoc *»<! "••
. Prinolpal Way-SUtlutiB i.:.. : ***•»
!«• 1*4 8aa Jom and Wayjitatrous.:...... "™*
I ItUiu Bau J«is« au« Way atatlou* •••••*•• ••»•»
tHt<*P 8an Mateo. Kedwod, Menlo Patk. . •
Palo Alto; dsnta Clara. 8an . | osa. . .• •-.
Trea Pfaos. Santa C*uz. Salloa*. V ± • :
fl IS? ?aa Joseand Principal Way SJattons j »U*A
• ' - W»» Ststinns.. 1 D » on »
S.SBp fl«n Jiae>hd Principal Way Station. »;W»
•.aor 9anJose ami W»y Stations., .i.... ?;'••*
qll»45p3an Jeaeaw»Way atatlon. *'»»?
~ A tor Moral"* ;. , f - . " , V tot A '*"*°°»-^
t««»May.teepted. .^ t **»4*» «-»
, • Jlondays. "Wednesdays, Fridays.
«Tur»d»ys.Thur9d*js. Saodaya. •; : . .'..¦¦,. '-K-' :
• a Saturday onlr- '-• -," ..' . ¦ ."'...'¦ ¦¦:. -. ._'¦¦_
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vfca S«MMltt*> F«rry. :
5". CommenclnB September 30. VXA. .' - :
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAIiET
ANP.SAN RAFAEU
¦WEEK DAYS— 6:5i. *»:15.. 11:00 .a. m.. «1:4S.
1;13. 4:W. 5:15. •S:13 k «:40 p. in.
'. EXTRA TRIP8— Fcr Mill VaHey and San
Rafael on Mondays.- Wednesday! and Satur-
days at 3 CO and 11:33 p. m.
gUN r rjA"i'S^-*8:0O. •V0;(K\ »ll:30 a. m.. 'lili
1-15. **:45.' 6:30, "9:00 p. m. ¦ ¦
¦ Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM 3AN RAFAEL, TO SAX FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS-o:20, •«:«>. 7:45. 9:30 a. m..
•12:30. 1:45, n^O. 4:80. 5:20 p. m.
v EXTRA TRfPS, on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:S), *S.Of>. «10;00, »U:45 a. m..
•1.40. nUo. 4:45, t:Z9 p, m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Queatin.
FROM MILL, VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:43. 7:55. 8:30 a. m..
j;:J5. 1:10. 3:30. 4:64, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. • ¦•
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 13:03 a. m.. 12:03. 2:15. 3:W.
B.CO. C:43 p. m.
. - THROUGH TRAINS. •
, <:CS -a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. .
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomale* and way
station*. ,. . '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Sauulito Ferry— Foot of Market St.
lv. •>» n>>, •»• ••» »"•••.
l:45r. uA ..^EEK DAYS , 4 . a p H
4:00 r. M.j Stay over nlghtat the taterx (Kh35 a.h.
¦8*0 a. m.1 . ¦¦". f 1:00 r. m.
SSStS: scndavs *»;;*:
1:ISp.m.) '.-" lJ:Mr.M.
hare. S*a Francisco ta Summit and Return. |l.*0.
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St, A Strualito Ferry.
y^3k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iL*ie<Jtfk <»-** KEARSY JiT. EatablUhea
¦VSTng^Titfi 1 " > H31 for the tT»atment of frWuto
Ha I >v .-43u Plneayf 5. F.<v<t Manhood. Debility or
fifcJK*s2rafc!!K*>as*» wearinirori hortyantl mlnrtanil
Disens?s. The DoctorcUFes wli»n
3H-tXjJaK<nheT9 MH. Try him. Charges low.
>CB9KQ|<:iirr<i;narnnlred.~ Call or writ*.
,. l»r. J. W. UIBBOX. bau Francisco. Cat. -
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fop the' Cars* of Gonorrhoea. Gleets.
Strictures nnd analogous complaints
: of the Orjians of Generation.
Price. $1 'a" bottle. For tale by drucrl^ta.'
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAItNY AND -WASHINGTON 8T8.— RE-
modeled 5 and renovated. KING. .WARD : &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $160 day;
13 to $3 week; |S to 120 month. Free baths; hot
end eold water every room: fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night. ;-. • •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Most Remapkabla Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vijro?
to Men.
'A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a. mc;t remarka-
ble remedy- are -being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental an«i
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages. to all who write. It
is a home treatment,., and all men who
suffer from any form of 3exual weakness
resulting from youthful iolly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
\ The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the ¦ desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It Is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success
Jn all cases. • A request to the State Med-
ical Institute. 828 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
piled with promptly. ; The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching > that great class of -men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to so <how -easy it is to be cured of sex-
ual - weakness when the proper ¦ remedies
are • employed. The. ¦ Institute >¦ makes .¦ no
restrictions. Any. man. who 'writes will
be sent a free . sample, carefully ; sealed
in a nlain package, so that its recipient
need have 'no;- fear of embarrassment or
publicity. Readers are requested to write
without delay . : •¦¦¦¦'- ¦¦¦.- >
DR. WONG WOO TEA AND HERB SANITARIUM,
761-766 CLAY STREET.
JiSQh-, San Francisco,. Dec. 24. 1W0. I
B^A To all whom It may concern: 1
I yW In December, 1S99. I wae tak- |
B(t I en fick with Black Typhoid
TLt, 9 ' Fever, the most virulent type
\fei^i known to medical science. I
had hemorrhages, both nasal
tgmsntlfi^f^f and Intestinal, eight of the
lelmMwi-fiWlfv latter occurring In or.» day.
*BMiilkm» Dr. Wong Woo, the eminent
Chinese- physician, was called, and with one
dose of his tea stopped the flow of blood, there-
by saving my life, as I had been given up by
my white physician, ae well as by all my
friends. Was unconscious four weeks, but by Dr.
¦Wong Woo's wonderful skill he saved my life
from this most fatal of all feverx.- Although I
was confined to- my bed three months, -was
able to ¦ resume my vocation »ln six months
from the time I went to bed, and now I
weigh 202 pounds, more than I had ever at-
tained previously. I would cheerfully recom-
mend Dr. 'Wong Woo to any 'one In -need of a
first -cla*s physician for any cause whatsoever.
—RALPH N. FOLKS, "816 Golden Gate ave.,
San, Francisco, Cal. , ' .
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
B. KATSGHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD ST., San Frsnc'sca.
FOR OH° E
UB1ES! frp F r TATr
EfejfL fin I B U
Matlmeyea. cloth top lace, vicl kl.l
foxlngs with fancy perforations,
straight patent leather tips, French
he«ls, sewed soles and new coin toes.
Sizes 24 to 7, widths AA to E.
THESE SHOES ARE A DECIDED
BARGAIN.
We carry a full line of LADIES'
GOLF an<l TRAMPING SHOES AND
THE PRICES THE LOWEST.
NOTICE— This store closes at 6 p. m.
weekdays and 11 p. m. Saturdays, and
will continue to close at these hours
PROVIDED ALL OTHER SHOE
STORES WILL DO THE SAME.
Free Delivery to Oakland, Berkeley
and Alameda.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD ST.. San Francisco.
BATLWAT TBAVEL.
1 i |
"A Crust of Bread, |
j "A Jug of Wine |
i "And Thov" j
j Beside me on the Limited — li
j > th: Californfa Limitci ?>
i \ Well, we can do better 4
yion that on the Santa. Fc. «
It can piss 3 happy \.jys \
tmfl to Chicago «
id living liKe princes «
the Wood. I
j___
CALIFORNIA NORTnWtSTEBN HY. Ca
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Fo ot of Mork«l St
>'. ; vi 8an Franitsco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FERRY-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 5:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:3S, 3:».
S:10, 6:10 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:SO
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m. . „
6UNDAYS-S:W. I:W. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. .1:1^
t:00,' 1:20 p. m.
> San tiarusl to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:». 7:60. »:J0. 11:10 a. m.: U:«.
3:48. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 1:35 p. m. . •
BUNDAYS-8:10. »:49. 11:18 a. m.: 1:40. 1:40.
6:05. 6:IS p. m. • * - _ .
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetzen Part,
game schedule as above.-
Leave • I In Effect I Arrive
Ban Frandaco. |Nov. 7. 1100.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I- j Sun- I -Week
Days. I Jays. | Destination. I days. [Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 110:40 am 8:49 aa
l:S0 pin 9:30 am Petaluma, «:05 pm 10:» am
[:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa, i 7:33 pm «:22 pm
Fulton,
710 am Windsor. lO:JSatn
Healdsburs. , i; ' ¦/• . .;
Lytton.
G«yservlll*,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:g pm
7:30 "I 8:00 ami JSP^St*. 1 7:35 pm| «:« pm
7 -SO am • 10:2S mm
. 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm j
8:30 pm) . ; 8:H P m
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma »:13am 8:40 am
6: i0 pm S:00 pm GUn Ellen. 8:05 pm 8« pm
7'3Otml 8:00 ami '. , 110:40 am|10:2S am
»:'3O pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopoi. I 7:35 pm| %:Z2 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Vital
PtTrlnr» and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Ljtton for Lytton Springs: at
Ocyier^Ule for SXifti Springs; at Ooverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Sifrlhgs, - Highland > Springs. KelseyvlUe Carls-
bid Springs, Bay. Lakeport and feartlett
Pyrlngi; nt Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Pprlnls.Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
fforlnss Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. 1
John Day' i. Riverside. Llerley's. Buckneir*.
Panhedrtn Heights. Hullvllle. Orr^s Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bras*. We.tpc.rt. U.al.
•^•illetts.-Laytonvllle, Curamlngs. Bell s Springs.
'Harrle. Olsens, Dyer, 'Scotia -and Eureka.^
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
' duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trfp tickets to all. points
. beyond San Rarael at hall rates. •- "
i Ticket office, 650 Market St.. Chronicle build-
in*. • ' ' , J R. X. RYAN,
H. C WHITING. Ota. Pass. Aft.
Gen. Manager. . , ,
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
I ¦ "~~ ~~~ Local Llm*«l Ovrl"d I Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Daily.
Lv. San Fran 7:20a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p.
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a U:4S a U:0Jp 7:» p
" Merced .. 1J:25 p 1:17 p I 15 a
"• Fresno ... 2:W p 3:35 p 3:05 a
"Hanford.. 4:22 p »:27 p 7:C6 a
" Vlsalla.... 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
'• .Tnlare.... 4:2?p 4:27 p 5:05a
"'Bksfleld... «:Mp 5:20 p 7:30 a ;...
; '" Kan City 2:41 a I 7:30 a
¦ •' Chicago... 2:15 pi 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.- ~~
. 9:C0 a. m. train i« the California UmltedS
Carrying Palae* Slwplnr Cars and Dlnlnr
Cars throush to Chlcaco. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
' first class -passengers. No second "class
I tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
'respondln* train arrives at 5:55 p.m. dally
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at "11:05 a. m. dally. - . ;
>• 8:00 d. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and- Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining- Chair Car. also 'Palace
Steeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally
.7:20 a., m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stepping at
• all points in San Joaquin Valley: Corre-
* ipbrdln* train arrives at 8:40 a. m dally
• ; Offices— 641 Market street and In Perry
? Depot, San Francisco; 1U8 Broadway Oalc-
» land. r. ,•.-;¦¦ ¦ , .'..-,
m HI k vok-Zll lir 4W1BWEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY. 2S.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United State* - Coast and Geodetic Survey —
¦ Time* and Heights, of Hlsrh and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
"Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front < Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five- minutes later than at Fort Point: th«
lielrht of tide is the: same at both place?.
the early morning tides are frlven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day. the third time column gives the last tide
of tbe day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to th* soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and then
the number, given is subtracted from tbe depth
Klven by the charts. The plane of referens*
li the mein of the lower low —raters.
THIEVING BELLBOY CONVICTED^Eniest
¦yTidup. a bellboy in the Colonial Hotel, wa*
convicted by a jury In Judsre Conlan's court
yes»er«5_y afternoon on the charge of petty lar
ceny for stealing an opal and diamond pin fron»
the room of O. E. Fell on "January 21 and will
be sentenced to-morrow.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
>ICEW:TORK, Feb. 26.— The following
CalJfoniians are in New Tork: From
San Francisco— Miss Buckley, at Grand
t-nion;:* Mrs.- 11. Dusenberg. at Empire;
Tv Richards, at Grand Union; A. Zeder
ari'di wife, at .Murray Hill.
.- From "§an Jose— J. W. Dlley, at Marl
tibrdugh. „ *
Monarch. .Oil Company.
; The. properties of the Monarch Oil Com
pany comprise 12S9 acres of land situated
in the Sunset and" Midway districts. At
of the stockholders held on the
•Et-h-jnst. the, old board of directors was
re>-electid -and two significant motions
.'wbtva' passed. One was that no offer of
lef s than one 'and one-half million of dol-.
-lars- should be considered for one 160 acres
o.f. the. 1250 acres owned by. the company
•/It having been reported that an offer of
•ftye hundred thousand dollars had been
¦nXfc&B) and the other was a motion that
t>o- -.more 'of ¦ the treasury' Stock of the
i?ompanv ahould.be offered for sale or
.;:••-. • , .
•¦•The' officers, of the Monarch Oil Com
pany are:- President. E. H. AJgeltinger:
lirst.,:vice- president, Charles K. • Kapp:
sefc^niS vie* president. W. A_ Miller: secre
tary, a\.C. Carpenter; treasurer, Joseph
H.. Scott; -attorney, A. Rueff. A. Sigur.
¦-.The company .reports that It has dis
posed cf some of its. lands to other com
panies at advantageous royalties, these
ctJmpjWiies -hftving either got oil or about
to strllre the oil sands; that the company
•Is out. of.-tlebt, has surplus funds and -ap
prpxinjately .one-quarter, of the capital
s-tock.stia remains in" the treasury undis
posed- oi: and individual holdings were to
"be' f eft '.In escrow- to prevent trie control
froni pal?sing : .from present directors.
• .The Monarch has two producing wells
Mw>'wn as Ko. 1 and No. 2, . The former is
down fii-'(»- hundred a;_d four feet, the lat
ter s4x hundred, /ind twenty-one feet. The
lack of trdn'sportation facilities has pre
venxed'furth'e'r development, but now that
th« railroad is sure to be in Sunset by
sixty days from fiate they will immediate
•l.y. proceed- -to ejnk more wells, as they
•have a' contract with Jewett and Blodgett
to take" tfcelr .entire prdduct. ; ' • .
OH meri both*East and West pronounce
the Monarch No. 2 a wonder, and why
should they not? Intermittently spouting
a sdliji stream of thick oil. which is
thrown Jhto; the air sixty-seven feet- above
the. top "of 'the derrick, and by careful
testing tfie: well: has always yielded IO)
barreis an hour* when not capped by a
stool plug held In place by 4000 pounds
weight. Development work all about the
Monarch" Is progressing rapidly, and as
far as prospected their holdings clear
tHrough.the Midway district and on to
McKittricli are prolific in oil bearing
sands. •, ¦<.»://
&. ¦ ¦- ¦ 9 ~
Chief Sullivan Convalescent.
• Chief Sullivan has recovered .from the
attack of diphtheria that confined him to
his bed for nearly two weeks. 'but he Is
still weak from the effects. He was able
to take a drive Monday and yesterday
wsb at hl« office Tor a few hours. . He re
ceived the congratulations of numerous
callers.. • It will be several days yet be
fore be la fit for active duty.
JORDAN HOLDIHG
BOX-TRUST BOOKS
Refiises to ProduceThem and
Seeks '¦.Protection cf a
[.: \ : : : ;V\Rule of= I_aw. ; ¦
¦;' WiJUani;H.' Jordan, attorney for Hobb's,
.; ;Wall £: Co. arvi thefGrays Harbor Com
'/ -mercial" Company .'admitted Jn Judge Mu
•;-:rasky'_. court yesterday .that the much
•:.; wanted books and records- of the Spruce
:Package Corspaay, : which will disclose
th§ full inside workings o-f the box trust,
'kre in his possession. -But* he says, they
were 'pia'cecT in. his posstsssion by his
-.cJient,-: L-.'Id:' Pierson., .whp wanted ad
vice, _ii\l lieKce. tfc-y are oonftdentlal.com
•muriicationS-betweea attorney-, and client
•and their production, cannot .be success
fully .demanded Pi\ opposing counsel x>r
¦¦¦'ifieii the court.- • '• • :"
'; ..The placing of- the records- in the hands
Z'jet Joriati by:-Picrso'n.wus.the exercise of
ii'a. jneasiir^ci.the last Tesdrt on the part
-hi the defendants ia'. the- action Instituted
:" -by R.' }?. ¦ 2ileriX£ibzi' ags-insx- the -Arriel-ican t
• :' Box . Faetoryv Thonras - E: : Rj-an^-J.- W.
¦4. : Barthqijwne : w'.-and.H«;r.ry :t:"u-l.er to prey«nt'
.-- : .';the iitspfctioii of. then -CKfuraents by ihs
-.': "cou^t,-'.cb_riSel-, a.P.d- : im? rested'.'- business
;- '.rntri: •.-ilroai- jujige^iura^kiy.'s'staternent^
' : :iti.s'. eyld.^n't ihsit-A.nc-raey JarSans- stand
¦¦..-¦bthirid- ithe'. rcrle.'est'_b!is'ii,hs ".thevriglit-. to
•• withribld ; -^jhnHftn-tiki _iLTJrtjm_nk-aii6ps'
• j/wiii.^vaii ¦bi5T-a<su":- . : •? ¦, :..':i-'. :- ; '¦..'
¦ Judge: .S'u.r3tsKy.: stated '^tkat 'tje,'<Skl, npt.J
''believe the.- !yirt-nr ; . ira'ispri,'. by~- <?.b.tins'p{ Ttas'i
good, '|>n<-. JJUlL'^it' wou^a 4«Emlt i5tW $*.j
. offer- •eVl&5nre g ."}a -sAipport- «f tits.- -epiiter-r" <
tion.^'tha-t.'tiie ¦r^cftr<is.'jfeii:^pp^tU!ri'--fire -Hi.
fact: hei-d- .by Win -as ;qon{lfl^chtfet;.^oxrin«i-;
nica.ti6n£< ¦ Att-ucn^i' J»'r!i?-ri; Uv£ri trials: *he"i
stand : ..a.n£ .mad* a; detailed ftat^iiyenf'.as'l
to' "hpiy-i^ records can^'trtir) /hi? "pta&ti j
felon;..'-' He' c(Jnt«hri.e.d ihcciugrhotit tfea\ thty=j
¦w>r»" .in- .-fact? • tti>id ¦. tfy\- hJiA . ka : , betpro 1
Etatedi-'-ar.a.- Xi%*t;. process- forVfbjeJf- pror'-j
<Jacti-f?n rca'tiid' ijot.rieacbliifarj.-'. -¦ .-j - ; : ; -.v:
fitaterocnt lils.. ir;llenti i^i^ojrv. 1 «as .caU«4'
-td tbfWM t?r- S*ttOftM»mj repfeSeatiriKr=
the plaintiff?- .lie iatjhere4:lj% d«ka31 "to -tho :
«tor>'" toid ; Jbr : dAti;..t»ut <?ounssJ'f Arl-tjhu?'
plaintiff are!:- iwt ;y«tl t.hi*orug1i. ;' Pieraon'
will appear- again tbls.-.^rbrgtrrg;. .-¦ Jpresin
tnay :unfef ro ¦> aiisotftpr •: ipxanUiia.tlsi.ri; And
Th»5Ti th« law o?-'«oHfldetJ?iaf;'Cp.ifrm»ntea.-''
tlons w.U.1- b« ; .cit«l : an4 the: court yrin :^nV]
nounc«;; lip: (Je<#ion, J!':fr '¦ : S}H*/££&- •' 1
. Attorneys : -- W,; .*!%¦ ;Bagi?<it t ,aa.a : ;^b'TTrtas
F. . Ham-i TfpTfi^tTiii.ng the I
UoTi.'-rvi'f'nf^-.t^ir:' fight- .against • j;orSan;.i
Vfc«;n- tt;.' y.WvrTrjTiAfl '.•rtteat :¦' Ji"«:| Rafl yt*jU
recofCjsJirJ/.hlsfliojJ^ff'Jwrt:" tier .<«f rt: 1^ 1 ? '
en 4/ Xi.ar$i • -flcbatf "tirfth.\tf ardafci- . i^iid'
ecoffiJigrvat- hfe« ;/«-mf pn?fc>*t-tiJiat 'thV .rocetra?
tnunicatirtri?.;-. jj<?f jJ?-»:. gtiaftjr '. CjiXl&l<J. -JEtl"
R.eln^t^;,'attGrr!?i\'Jqr ; Vhie.;«^f^3ani*y-t<3";
hisr; £tt;::-.R*1'n'st!?iTr: ->upp^rteii': /Jo.rflaals
ron/t^r,?^*! "H^at th« ; S-f.cinnd'af w«ir?.'Iii thP
har.rt*;'6f; tn«? '•la-f^-j fia.m/'dv- a? ':>i>Bfl«e»TrtJ*l ¦
comm?i3.!eat-)f>nf^-K!T.ere'jp9n ' ." jjr; jBa g-gett...
«ai*1v : - ¦ : -:.<-"'-' i ':'¦'¦¦¦[ ' i*~-''.'.-i.»i\ • •¦'?¦¦.¦:.. -..'-.
"Th**' HmQf .o.f ;tb!?'-na?t,y- •bjirfn*s> nany'
b<» obJeTtionab]? to" <-^u.h»pV. ¦ -Vist-- -tt» are
car.lns -foirTec?.nfls: a*i/l - JaTefji -wtxin WhJ<;h;
to prov*» ¦¦• tb*r. .fffcls.wirc* :o-jr .tljls unlawful'
ironfiWnitJon.:.- ti*- .epru^: -: rapkag« ' : C<)m^.'
pany/"':'. ;.•;/'.::•:,•••:¦•: -';• ! •'.•:•; ••¦ : -. . - "
:¦• Xo ' ian^Pf" .*%?'¦ -rxr&S^ t?'*;nun.*r>]. itnd
¦t£t> cbT«lr i '«inc*-'.-pr.^^"-lfJ«'TOPriii.rtsf'.'p'ai '
r>r<1er*|f1.:'T h ?* >TfiX>'s*:' iljl'T^^ -C^ - of -3O»
ttiom frtm-wwiflaa**. .J3Sw wfa.tl©aptJ
to pave Jfii^ni- frirrft- rVjibHrlscratiriy.is now I
;^ging - jtVag".-.-.-- :" J;;" : . "L'M : -'.-'-:- *. : ..'-" ; "*. ' ->r ¦ -I
:' '.' . • . : : : Imthft- Dfl-eorcei^Cmirt: :•¦'. " \ -r
In \:tlxe-{ tJltcr^iXUvPTt,
¦.. . ; T)#CTt>*>* of •/?iv.nr>^;'«'.erVgr, ; irt :p d }'*«£er-'i
.'mar *<¦> -John O'?y.<in frprri "itax-.;fe. b'Xj^nT
.« for ae*er_U»a.-Cee»Hjt w«m_;l frB*p-*,J«-->pT> 3'
¦ "H. ".¦VVarrfit'?oT-'-*'Trire_ae"CrjieUjr.- Margaret I
M: Ex-ans fron> ••'J.yVhfi R'. 3_r_xts : for w.ltjfur-!
: rfgTrct, and HaftfeA. Brqwii.fTrfni Jarre*-'
.'. -H.- Brown for/d^s^rtlpn-. ; : G> TiT. 'Lfingtfy-i
>':_uu fi^d an _n$wfter «'n'd: : cr.oTi?-comr»aJnt '
¦'.to tho motion for =dfvo'rc4 recently -:Jn5tttut- i
.odbv Mab^l Langtn'.\ ta'rpgtry denies -Jtls- 1
•vrife'-" ar.?.gfitlQns."of crieTty. -nnd chariies-'.
: her. wijh iftfldflity. nam.'ng H.C-" Dydd'- J
•¦¦ mun-'Hs -ce-roFDondent. ¦ Sulti«' for' fltv-orj?'? i
hav«:bem fUfMj bv Lydla McCprrt a«r«thst
; N'athaniri.G, McCord for <5*>«»-rtIon. Kittle
Fchnmlif-rjr against Peter RchomberR: for
failure- 1<-> nrovide: SophI?;Wli'ers aealnst
George. -Wnifrs' for cruelty. F. J, "Kvans
; n«m!nFt ' Ida--EvAn6 -for <le?ertil6n-. Mattie
. Grant ncainpt-H. ,M. Grant for cruelty.
¥ nnd ClaJre Rla'ls^e'.l against Da Wight.
. M.'P'--K<*-p!rfor : failure to crcrvide. • ¦ •
PERSONAL MENTION.
B. A. Blythe of Tulare is at the Lick.
Ft. E. Hyde, a banker of Visalia, is at
the Palace.
A. C. Stock of Rhodes, Nev., Is at the
Occidental.
Judge Frank H. Short of' Fresno is
ptaying at the Palace.
W. P. Thomas, an attorney of TJkiah, Is
a guest at the Grand.
'A- W. Churchill, a banker of -Xapa, is
a guest at . the Palace.
J. C. Sloss, a mining man of Helena,
Mont., Is at the Grand.
¦ Earl Rogers, an attorney of Los An
geles, is at the California.
John Hays Hammond, wife and family,
are staying at the Palace.
V. S. McClatchy of the Sacramento Bee
is a guest at the California.'
'H. E. Picket, a mining man of Placer
ville. Is staying at the Grand.
George D. Fiske, a cattleman of Wood
land, Is registered at the Grand.
" H. A. Schram, a vineyardlst of St. He
lena, Is registered at the California.
. P. L. Shuman. a mining man well
known in the State, is at the Palace for a
few days. ) ,
Dr. Wlnslow Anderson and wife, who
have been at Coronaao Beach for several
weeks, have returned to the city.
{3-j-|-^HE British shio Matterhorn lost
II on© of her cr«w yesterday. Sha
. I arrived hero from Liverpool snver-
W al weeks agro and 'was one cf the
last sailing" vessels broueht into
port by Pilot Fred Jordan. It was a beau
tiful, clear evening and just about sun
set the tug took hold of her and brought
the big- ship to anchorage off Meiggs
wharf.
j If the crew, of the Matierhorn had fine
weather at the end of the voyage it was
surely to compensate them for the hard
time they had In the English Chan
nel. After getting av.-ay from Liverpool
it blew a gale .for four days and then
fine weather set in. Tnere was a lot of
spare rope on deck and Cantain Warrcu
ordered It put in the forepcak. When tho
hatch was taken off some of the sailors
dropped into the hold. There they found
a boy more dead than alive. He ha-i
stowed away the night before the ship
went to sea and for four days and live
nights had nothing- to eat and not a drop
of water to drink.. He was passed on dec*
and cnrrlsd aft to the cabin, where Cao
tain Warren did everything possible.
With careful nursing the boy gradually
recovered and was coon rblo to f;o for
ward and give a helping hand. He told
Captain Warren that- his name was
Michael Maher and that ho was 19 years
old. His father Is a sailor on an ocea^i
steamer and refused to allow the bov to
go to sea. Michael took the law into his
own hands and stowed away on the Mat
terhorn.
As young Maher did not want to go
back to England Captain Warren got him
a Job on the bark Apdrew Welch as cabin
boy at $20 a month and Michael was in
5talled in his new o.uarters yesterday.
The Andrew Welch Is .one of the suear
fleet, so younp Maher vill have a chance
to see Honolulu. . -
TRANSPORT AZTEC ARRIVES.
Is Thirty-One Days From Nagasaki,
Owing to Head Winds.
Th© United States chartered army
transport Aztec arrived from Nag-asakl
yesterday just -when everybody was won
dering 1 what had become of her. She Is
flying light and the engineers had a ter
rible time of it. For fifteen days It blew
a h«=avy gale from tha east and in order
to keep the wheel from, racing- an en
cineer had to stand night and day with
his hand on the throttle. The Aztec was
thirty-one days making the trip.
The Aztec brought up only one passen
per. Major Palmer G. Wood of the Forty
tlrst Infantry.
It is a very pad homecoming for Major
Wood, as he brings home the remains of
his son. Second Lieutenant Palmer G.
Wood Jr. of the Twelfth Infantry, who
died, in th<? Philippines from enteric fever.
This is the second son Ma.ior Wood has
lost since the war began. His other boy
died in Cuba and his father went to Santi
ago and broug-ht the body home. The re
mains of Lieutenant Wood will be taken
East and laid beside his brother.
The chances are that the Aztec will be
sent back to Manila with supplies, as she
and the Pak Llnpr are the only two vessels
in port fit for service. The transport
Warren may be temporarily fixed up and
sent out on March 16, as there are now
nearly S0O troops at the Presidio ready to
be sent to the Philippines.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Kaiulanl will load merchandise for Hono
lulu, the Zinita wh»at at Tacoma for Europe,
37« Cd, prior to arrival.
Shipments of Grain.
Three British vessels were cleared at the
Custom-house for Queenstown yesterday with
the following cargoes: 4
The Wayfarer. T0.S37 ctls barley, valued at
JB2.C.-.O. and 32,000 feet lumber dunnage, valued
at $330.
The Seafarer. 74, 847 ctls wheat, $72,975, and
18.W0 fe«t dunnaRf, $270.
The Eilberhom. 63.455 'ctls wheat, W3.455, and
19.000 feet dunnage. $2S5.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
'..>*. Tuesday. February 26.
Etmr Arcata, Nelson. 67 hours from Coos
Bay. ' •
BtmrAztec, Trask, 40 days from Manila, via
Naeasaki 31 days. :
Stmr -Brunswick, ¦ Andresen. : 36 . hours from
San Pedro. •- • "¦¦ • .. J ,
Stmr Walla -Walla, HalL ; 62V* hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound port*. ; -.
Stmr, Aberdeen, Hansen, 4TH hours from San
D!e;:o. .
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, 30 hours from Eureka.
• Schr Monterey, Beck, 4 days from Coos Bay.
. • CLEARED.
. ¦"'. "'.">' Tuesday. February 26.
Strnr Queen, Thomas. San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. ¦ • • •
Stmr Geo AV Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad & Xav Co.' ••
Br ship Seafarer. Farmer, Queenstown; Bal
four, Guthrie & Co.
Br ship SUberhom, Gibson, Queenstown; L
Kauffman.
SAILED.
Tuesday, February 2C.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, San Pedro.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Stmr Chaa Nelson. Kliteaard. Eureka.
Strnr Brunswick. Andresen. Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Crescent City. ' Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Empire. Macgenn. Coos Bay.
Ktmr Scotia, \Val\i_. .
Ktmr Whitesboro; Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr Samoa, Hlgplrm. Caspar. :
Stmr Newbura-. Peterson. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort; Bragg.
Br utmr Bristol. Mclr.tyre. Chemainus.
Bark Tidal Wave. Llebic. Tacoma.
Bark ICat* Davenaort. Rosendall, Astoria.
Br bark Invermark. Bolderston, Queenstow n.
Schr Lizzie Vance, Olsen. Grays Harbor.
SPOKEN.
Feb . lat 50 N, Ion 19 W— Br ship Fin
gal, hence Sept 8. for London.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb- 28. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind N\V, velocity 6 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EAST SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 25— Barge
Santa Paula, in tow cf tug Rescue, for San
Francisco.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived Feb K— Schr
SaH-ator. from jsan Pedro; echr Fanny Du
tard, hence Feb IT.
ELEELE — Arrived prior to Feb 17 — Bark
Affate, from Tacoma.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Feb 26— Schr Win
Renton, frnm San Pedro.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Feb 2G-Sehr
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 2S— Stmr National
City, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr Senator,
from Pyea; stmr DirlKo, from Skaguay.
Sailed Feb 26— Stmr Willamette, for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr Eureka,
hence Feb 25.
Sailed Feb 26— Stmr South Coast, for San
Francisco: schr Sparrow, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND—Passed In Feb 28— Schr
Salvator, from San Pedro. . .
Sailed outward Feb 2&— Or ship Tamar, from
Tacoma. for Queenrtown; schr E K Wood, for
Haiphong.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CAPE TOWN-Salled Feb 2S— Ship Elwell.
for Newcastle, Aus.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Feb 2ft-Shlp J B
Brown, from Chemainus.
QUEF.NSTOWN— Arrived Feb 25— Br ship
Afon Alaw. hence Sept 6; Br ship Imberhorn,
from Tacoma. and sailed for Bristol. Feb 2t—
Ger ship J W Wendt, hence Oct 17..
SYDNEY— Sailed Feb 26-Br stmr Mlowera,
for Honolulu.
HULL— Arrived Feb 25— Br chip Ancalos,
hence Ser>t 19.
NAGASAKI— Arrived Feb 23— U S stmr Han
cock, from Manila, fcr San Francisco.
FALMOUTH-Salled Feb 25— Br ship City cf
Benares, for Manchester.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Feb 22— Br ship
Kate F Troop, for Panama,
MANlLA-JVrrlved Feb 2a-Schr A J West,
from Grays Harbor.
CALLAO— Sailed Feb 25— Ger stmr Pentaur.
for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— Arrived Feb 23— Schr Fearless,
hence Feb 3.
SALIXA CRUZ— Arrived Feb 2i-BrIs Court
ney Ford, from Everett. Feb 25— Schr Joseph
Russ. hence Jan 29.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Feb 24— Stmr Peru, for
OCEAN STEAMERS,
NEW YORK-Salled Feb 20-Stmr Lahn. for
nremen: stmr GeorBic, for Liverpool: stmr
Marquptt«», for London.
GIBRALTAK- Arrived Fcb 24— Stmr Kalserin
Maria Theresa, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— -Arrived' Feb 2S-Stmr Domin
ion, from Portland; stmr Sylvanla, from Bos
ton.
HREil EX— Arrived Feb 25— Strar Koenlgen
Luise. from New York, via Southampton.
GENOA— Arrived Feb 2S— Stmr Fuer?t Bis
marck, from New York, via Gibraltar and
Naples.
ANTTVKRP— Sailed Feb 25-Stmr Western
land, for New York.
GLASGOW- Sailed Feb 2*—Stmr Pomeranian,
for Boston.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Feb 2^-Stmr Penn
sylvania, from New York, via Plymouth, Tor
Hamburg, and proceeded.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Feb 26— Stmr Graf Wal
dercee, from Hamburg, for New York.
Steamer. Movements.
TO 8AII_
-.' f.ng' at *-cd6t pf; : $f0^"t,-:an".
armypf Bi>chiir.ic8 - : w4s!e3iE>l.oye_-ln fehdp--'
tc% hundtfdf.'ottu.bes'-antfMabjr -of -aluin-'
unfin. . p>reriRra.torV ¦to'pla.-cjnsr- th^'m; Info
position,. '. TPTtis'- V hip; -lSCSilreaay' aii.sumaris-'
¦a ;deS.mte -fo.Tirt ,&r.d' in a: few ~-*ekp 'mbre
:'s oU'Jrr.es sy'ill -havje, begji sufnetentjy ¦,3rf.- 1
fined ,to ';irn7»iirtraV. dis*in<iHve character 'io.
.?he crtaiittnl - i .-;-- : :-:'..V : = '¦'¦¦'' • rV*i"f- : .' "
It vbuld he. 1inp<ws!b!« t9-wJtaess!th.e."or
cratlor. cf Mr, STanley.'-s, model .irttKcut; be
boontni; "iac_ij|f6rtea to.-*he-.b.eSl*f :that.-5i;s
! i 3'.m« to, perfeclton aild pTaoUcaWlity ury..
¦c<» ;-2lrvei.. : Ttje -pruicipJc?.; t>f-- aerr>5tartioh
s»^m to firtdthei-r emb^diirient'JnthJs «re-
BRITISH SHIP MATTERHORN' MAKING PORT JUST AT THE HOUR OF
SUNSET. SHE IS ONE OF THE LAST SAILING VESSELS BROUGHT
IN BY PILOT FRED JORDAN.
AIR$HtP; ON THE; «'WAYS."
b«fn MentlSed tiith a slngl© failure In
anything: he ever- attempted* have jus
tified t.he faith his friands repose In him
a.nd 'his project. The result is that nearly
$.11 : ot the associates of Mr. Newman in
tH'o. prcmotion of the airship enterprise
drfe gentlemen, of wealth and reputation.
When complete the siiip will be a glitt^r
inxr..inonument to their daring- and if the
of Mr. Stanley, as w^ell as a
ho.=t of competent encineers. are realized
they vi-Ql have been n^ponsible for mak
ing this city the birthplace of the grand
ef=i • and m^st fmoortant invention vouch
safed to the huma^i race.
CONSTRUCTION OF
STANLEY AIRSHIP
£m*fK oh • the £i|ejMB
¦;' Thaf-.th? -.ioiiitlpri- !o'f ' -tps' Ipnybjesjf-of
aer'al.> i a\isation"ia.t' ihf-'fc'ancisi teif ;'a.-reSi
i_en_ .of San Ivra—efsco-. Eiu? ft«n:."aCcijiJi^
p'.isrhed. ft ih#> ftroi!y' tfxfrj-rssea.'-. opinion. o£..
veil. Ixtfpztbed-JbMp *iio \fcavei -w'itJiLiv, tho- :
\rast fev tttikt; . civenf' «fca-t st&Ject '.".their ¦
.carefyi *t>iay jftnfl: iitt^tt fjW^ ; j: : ; . •. :.-!•/,=
. -.This aFfertioa !s, tvmndi-iiUjr -RSiSar ithg-t
rot only .has the proWeiTi Tt-hich; so jl.xaifij
defied the ea*rgiP?'.Af Irtveatora ¦;t^".:.alL
parts of tb^ -w^rfil bean ¦.6oIve<J^ jrat ! 'that
tfce first aerial irtjv^- froiJt^Msrcliy "to,. $aa
Jos«. early iallay, Js-.'an: "4.bs<?}Ote ••Qgf,'
tslnty. . ..; V--V; -:t:;?r-: v : •i> : *i: t '.' ::
•-- dSE&eL- ¦ TTa.e i»i : eh.tpr <jt ite
1 •'»S- 1 ® L -*5 -.¦--. c P u *as«iwp'. - fthaiJCJa 1 .
• r^- ;i»-."r- S^^* r '..vSvCWLrifc*:
• ' \ ~**? -?fe'" £ -" • fe^own 'prcrprietor- .of
," •ta.« : .mr!r|ie11gaa;-aA -tjim
*J¥Ktt£W£3 ' Y* Market : st;r^pts.r- .: ..:
>S?-« Tf ¦ ; " •T- : - '-' -^Mi?n\- ; a-. Call:- tasn\
v^ r W6. ;^f Ji A--.yes*%rdg!,vvjs!Ud:t.he,
¦ ¦ <•>*<.•''? = '-.i/ •:¦¦¦' ;Hav»s.- sand. ¦•Ba^f-r
Cfcas; .Btifllejr/ :•, •-•!".&£¦&. ' :^te^ : iry«
;¦ . -* i-J.-\jj' •• • Bias-.
:ey.. Aerial -..^avlgatjoft- Cteway Ms xo*- 1 .
atlon,- the .-result of.tUteen. years of, as-
Bi4ppu3 study by Mr. Stanley. "The merits
of the Inventions of his predecessors, as
vr&U. as contemporaries, have beon studl
ou'sly utilized by. Mr. Stanley and, their
defects- were as carefiiilv .avoided. "With
the. multitudinous failures . that the hls
torjv of; 'the- science of aerial, naviiratlon
has .io offer one Is unconsciously affected
fcy- '.the -contagious enthusiasm, of Mr.
gta.niey and -Mr. Xewman; and the convlc
tion Mh.a;t the great question has at last
•been*, salved becomes more firmiy rooted
than- ever. '" ;• * . ' /• ' •
¦¦¦• Count Ivon Zeppelin demonstrated be
vfcftid..QueatJon..tbet an' airship can ba made
V$ ny.-btit he was unable to descend with
out .-.'expending tho gas reauired to ele
vate-th- fabric- It is here -where Mr.
Stanley" -proves indisputably by.-his work
!Bg' rhoilel": that' propellers plaxreti. at the
t?$> o£.an airship- have relatively the same
00^'er tb- force the ship to the earth that
¦ft Propeller', placed at ihe ape* of the cone
P^S-.tpi'^semi: it fonraTd <TJr :: backward.; In
>h'e treatrneni- of -.this ,.tdea-"Mr. Stanley
nierely •applied the- sirriple- scleritiflc.^prin
clpjfts -.which, be the conditions' what -they
.nl'ay, sicrer fail wfce:i:.prrtperlr-. applied: 1
¦This^is ;th* ri;e l w-!e.|!crr : ?ssfNt}. by •-reputable"
•*!rtKinetrs jiVhvj'.fa.ive s=.t ijartd.'ilr.
|»la"ns ;and -ha^.-f»v..t:hhflsi.tatVnely.-;pro- ; all :
t4aJuied thp conylcr?iph:'jthat:. : th«y- are -not
••- '"'yiiBSJfe'v ¦'-"¦" -'• •¦"-¦. -•V-ThS -^^U^t'?! 1 ??'-- *>*
. -¦,";: tiT~ •jE^'A - -'- '¦¦^•¦rv-sjSaed. ¦;u-«-;<- J .iit.',;a''^Je.-:
• '¦ ' /. . • r^aja- " '•-•' /taU^dV'descrlpi'lqh:- cf
". ° 7-. %vs9 •"¦ : -• ¦ ••••thfi'.' .jaerial : - • '-.woiidei:-.
"•• -l*^ 1 - •*)«'" ¦• .-"Which '•is : .now /.being
•;•"¦">¦: '• • V-T;' '¦¦.•'-• -ipgnst.ructe4-; aiid- the.- :
. : : ¦ Sfc> "¦¦ •>:/Sw---'" i Presence-,?, ht. -.which.
¦-. :-7y ' /¦¦/: I^l'.ils.V-i- tt?wed. .--..with
¦"-•* : 7« 4j"S ¦¦ ¦• •'.ciiriosijty-;-alid-.-.sp^c.ii
" ' :^'-"'iatlpTi- b.y. : the'cbrrtrnur
'¦'¦/lB*W*8 r ~ : 5* •"¦' "-.T 111^--™^ op.6i»ttQh>
••• *ffl» 'F^Jf '¦ Sr '¦-'• - ~ : ' .iisiw-.:under: : jj:ay
• '••¦• We/Si/. :V." ' •¦d;ue-c)t<>;,-th > eMnd§fati;-.
¦ ; ;.t.;'- ! Vp5fTV- .'; \. : %'3^HS : -..?ff6rta}of: Mr..
,..' .<>-a»r..>«7.o:art- ..-flJen.t, -.thit he -has; a ;
¦gp©4- thine, : .- ls'-.j>u«hih&, ; .1t^. al<H?#' --at'
.&' ''XfTQAlgious. -expense^ .of. --both'-- tim>.
and- ;-.mQnejf. 'Mr. • ; Xe.w.man!s- -.keen...dls
cfrftm^nti. • his -s&upd. '-'.Judgment'-- aiivri
th®. Jcdow-n'.fact 'that -his rtiame'-.-has never
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1901.
5
Michael Maherya Boy, Stows Away on the
Matterhorn and Nearly Dies.
FOUR DAYS IN SHIP'S HOLD
WITHOUT FOOD OR WATER
Cfcas. -JStisflef j
•Cfcasv .'KeVir.a : rt,
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer, Destination. Sails. I Pier.
February 26. I ~"
New-burg Orays Harbor t 5 pmlPier '
Emplre - 3 pm *** "
Pomona Humboldt ! 2 pm Pier 9
Queen San DIpsto | 9 am Pier XI
North Fork.. Humboldt .12 m Pier 2
G. W. Elder- Astoria & Portland IX am Pier **
February 28.
Arcata TZftlSZ ( u m Pier 13
San Pedro.... "umboldt 10 am Pier 2
Cc?n Panama & Way Ptta m PMSS
Coronado nnJfcu^Z —j 5 pm Pier 2
Santa Barbar Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Corona V T ewv^ rt *: 9 am Pier U
Totmes Hamburg: & Wy, Pt ...... pier 10
Nome City... Humboldt 10 am Pier —
Ma roh 2.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka ;. HumboWt 9 am Pier 13
Walla Walla. Puget. Sound Ports 11 am Pier D
Mnrch 3.
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego 9 am Pier 11
March 4.
Columbia..... Astoria & Portland 1 11 am Pier ""I
March 5. "
Alliance Portld & Coos Bay[ IPler —
Bonlta Newport .../ | 9 amIPier It
Steamer.
From.
| Due.
Progreso. Tacoma |Feb. 26
Hyades Oyster Harbor Feb. 27
I.eelanaw. Seattle Feb. 27
Corona Newport Feb. 27
Coronado San Pedro Feb. Z&
Point Arena Point Arena j Feb. 18
Santa Rosa San Diego |Feb. 2S
Eureka Humboldt jFeb. 23
Nome City. San Pedro -.Feb. 23
Colombia Valparaiso v. PanamajMar., 1
Mandalay CoqutUe River (Mar. 1
Columbia: Portland & Astoria... .|Mar. 1
Santa Barbara. San Pedro ;.......» Mar. 1
Pomona . Humboldt Mar. 2
St. Paul... Panama Mar. 2
Curacao Mexican Ports |Mar. 3
Fulton Grays Harbor |Mar. 3
Crescent City.. Crescent City ..{Mar. 3
Peru • Panama & Way Ports Mar. 3
Umatllla Pujfet Sound Ports Mar. 3
Alliance... Portland & C003 Bay.. Mar. 3
Willamette 'Seattle Mar. 3
Acme .. 'TlHamook Bay iMar. 3
Queen..... jSan Diego |Mar. 3
Washtenaw JTacoma Mar. 3
ArKO....". .Ooqullle River Mar. 3
Bonlta 'Newport Mar. 3
Empire.......... Coos Bay Mar. 4
North Fork I Humboldt |Mar. 5
Suk rises ¦ S:4»
Sun sets •¦--- 6:01
Moon gets ••• 3:38 a. m.
0 iTime Time |Tlme| jTlme
? Ft. 1 Ft. -[Ft. | Ft.
a H W ' L. TV| H TVJ »L, W ,
27... 6:10 6.7-1:3! 0.0 8:30 4.4'...........
L W H W . L W H W ,
*8 .. 1:10 2.» ":21 B.T 2:K 0.1 9:21 4.7
1 ... 2:15 J.7 8:23 5.7 3:ll|— 0.1 10:0Sl B.O
¦a;. - . 3:10 2.4 9:20 5.7 3:S3|- O:« 10:43 5.1
3... 3:57 2.2) 10:11 '- 5.«j 4:311 0.2| 11:21 6.3
4... 4:10 -1.8I 11:00 ,B.4f "B:03f O.4» 11:53| ' 5.4
5 ...[ 5:23! 1.6| 11:43} 5.2| 6:40) O.Tj, .....|...:.
NOTE— In the above expedition of (he titles
Suk rises ¦ S:4»
Sun sets •¦--- 6:01
Moon gets ••• 3:38 a. m.
0 iTime Time |Tlme| jTlme
? Ft. 1 Ft. -[Ft. | Ft.
a H W ' L. TV| H TVJ »L, W ,
27... 6:10 6.7-1:3! 0.0 8:30 4.4'...........
L W H W . L W H W ,
*8 .. 1:10 2.» ":21 B.T 2:K 0.1 9:21 4.7
1 ... 2:15 J.7 8:23 5.7 3:ll|— 0.1 10:0Sl B.O
¦a;. - . 3:10 2.4 9:20 5.7 3:S3|- O:« 10:43 5.1
3... 3:57 2.2) 10:11 '- 5.«j 4:311 0.2| 11:21 6.3
4... 4:10 -1.8I 11:00 ,B.4f "B:03f O.4» 11:53| ' 5.4
5 ...[ 5:23! 1.6| 11:43} 5.2| 6:40) O.Tj, .....|...:.
NOTE— In the above expedition of (he titles
Steamer.
From.
| Due.
Progreso. Tacoma |Feb. 26
Hyades Oyster Harbor Feb. 27
I.eelanaw. Seattle Feb. 27
Corona Newport Feb. 27
Coronado San Pedro Feb. Z&
Point Arena Point Arena j Feb. 18
Santa Rosa San Diego |Feb. 2S
Eureka Humboldt jFeb. 23
Nome City. San Pedro -.Feb. 23
Colombia Valparaiso v. PanamajMar., 1
Mandalay CoqutUe River (Mar. 1
Columbia: Portland & Astoria... .|Mar. 1
Santa Barbara. San Pedro ;.......» Mar. 1
Pomona . Humboldt Mar. 2
St. Paul... Panama Mar. 2
Curacao Mexican Ports |Mar. 3
Fulton Grays Harbor |Mar. 3
Crescent City.. Crescent City ..{Mar. 3
Peru • Panama & Way Ports Mar. 3
Umatllla Pujfet Sound Ports Mar. 3
Alliance... Portland & C003 Bay.. Mar. 3
Willamette 'Seattle Mar. 3
Acme .. 'TlHamook Bay iMar. 3
Queen..... jSan Diego |Mar. 3
Washtenaw JTacoma Mar. 3
ArKO....". .Ooqullle River Mar. 3
Bonlta 'Newport Mar. 3
Empire.......... Coos Bay Mar. 4
North Fork I Humboldt |Mar. 5
Steamer, Destination. Sails. I Pier.
February 26. I ~"
New-burg Orays Harbor t 5 pmlPier '
Emplre - 3 pm *** "
Pomona Humboldt ! 2 pm Pier 9
Queen San DIpsto | 9 am Pier XI
North Fork.. Humboldt .12 m Pier 2
G. W. Elder- Astoria & Portland IX am Pier **
February 28.
Arcata TZftlSZ ( u m Pier 13
San Pedro.... "umboldt 10 am Pier 2
Cc?n Panama & Way Ptta m PMSS
Coronado nnJfcu^Z —j 5 pm Pier 2
Santa Barbar Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Corona V T ewv^ rt *: 9 am Pier U
Totmes Hamburg: & Wy, Pt ...... pier 10
Nome City... Humboldt 10 am Pier —
Ma roh 2.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka ;. HumboWt 9 am Pier 13
Walla Walla. Puget. Sound Ports 11 am Pier D
Mnrch 3.
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego 9 am Pier 11
March 4.
Columbia..... Astoria & Portland 1 11 am Pier ""I
March 5. "
Alliance Portld & Coos Bay[ IPler —
Bonlta Newport .../ | 9 amIPier It
•WHITfc EXAMELED IROM 5^^ * U t- ?• " |T ' " "-'¦ If *5
BEDSTEAD, brass C~_ V ¦ f_jr |L-- '
mountings tJJCF j^ .
; :^. : >" -" ' ' . C ro^kER E SE m_^ THREE-PIECE PARLOR <?ET.
-g'g^3_^' hoganlzed bi'r'h ~r fceautlfully f.nlsh».1 mahogany.
l -^T^^B%i^ >j 'JS^^^*^^*' yjfy oak finl«h 0 1 .C j covered wirh f.rte O^ CT.3O
VTV.r-.< '^ U-Jl^-J > -_L_^qjy^ <3 ' tar*»try cloth O • O
S fjSli Kj Hundreds of other bargains equally as Rood
IPl v».l^ Q w '^ e ount^ ' n on^ store. We carry
«S -'V_S a complete stock of
v .,.• FURNITURE and CARPETS,
MASSIVE OAK EXTENSION rWMt*rrov un,,ccc - u/vrri c j
table. Reduced c 1 *>••>«> OOUNTRY HOUSES. HOTELS and
from go to Ql-S— FlATS FURNISHED COMFLETL
" ~"^ : ' ! * ESTIMATES CKEERFULLV GIVES.
¦ Free delivery ¦within I0O miles on 125 worth and over. CASH or CKEDIT.
T. Brilliant Fubnitude Co.,
338-340-342 POST STREET, Near Powcl!.
_f »—--------------------—-----------------— I— '. I — '" * ' - •* °
I Splendid List of Bargains for I
I To- Day's Wideawake Shopper Sb \
I Special Sale of Special Sale Ribbons. I
JC •-¦'"- '/gJkfS^' _fts7-E*VJl_r _^l > *- r *^ >^*- rm^ But a litrk more than half p. ice fcr icoa jards of Silk Rib'j.nj which •* .
** _^S_^_ ' * W * y *' 1 ' akBm I»«l9t»9 wi'l be on sale in main aisle to-day. Th= let invade* 1530 vards of "^ •
K Cp^ffl A 4S**%E2 _fl_n P * :n GIjce TafftU Ribbon. s'A '"ch-s *ite, h ill bidb.z shi-!??, 'v
X T**^ ' at ditod-VVfl a ? d 5 CO >* r(is ot Voirs Tafftl* R:bhcn, 5 'i inches w: Jr. in pinks, -J
5> . blue, ca-dina's, white, gteen, etc. It ball r-gu'ar 25c prr "3 '
jf Fourteen Styles of new this season's yard ribbon, aad is-a Tery »prcial bargain at to-day's price. .. M^rC %
J^ A VWlw dresses — the prettiest lot of twaggtr Etcns thit ¦ ' : , . . :¦ "5
V / 1 4 1 Ui »fS voa or anybody elte erirr taw for fuch moncv. WS^_TB f% S. _D> iMJ a/?^!_2) B4SZ V
I / >^lSX/ bought them way under trice, or they M~S& m _ % '
t£ / / /r^^A r ' ev>:r coulJ b: so!d !0 low lc " car:y in thc k-2^ am- €$03 m^B°8G££d *
% U I I 8r T n ' * f crs -1 8 ' ues ' no tii!or v ' oulci ~Jmm^ Four Davs ' s * iG to cIosc ou > : I •
£ AJ // make a ungle oncof fflfvlfm balance of our Woolen Waists. All of our $
% \ // them under tw:e. the £O If _, #J |J W V M ', present stock at half origina prices until" clcs-
* .Ml \ ze -y otiTchoke{ "- ***'+***"** p!i)|j|U ing time Saturday night. All arc in fine con-
}f nM \ Those $13.00, $18.00, $20.00 and lM§J/Qy! didoa and cvcr ? onc "f them thi* sewch's 3» 3%
K Tvi • \\ 5 22 - 50 Dresses o! last season lor $10.00 \l'W liJA "X 1 *- " *
%' ' Mb \_T arC EO^g "pidly, but we mJ hav= a !p end:d M H fM AJ goo Woolen W£n $f .OO J
%' /^£»*£M&J Ict 5 wm: to-day «nd K_t'ct from the b«t g \ & \ Al; 5»S3 \\a.,a. ..$1.25*
£ LJh^\ dress Lrgrn of tie fl ; I TJ ' Al I3.00 UooL-a Waits. 31.50 '«
K OL _-> K «on. Your choice f fa fa fa < *\ * A , J4.00 Joofcn Wa«* $2.OO %
» \ ; for A'l $5.00 Woolen WaLtj ....£2.5Q X
• a . "' / ' ———-———-— -^—-—— ----—--———-__»-__--_-, m
J : » Mtf #___ MWA «_ M «-._»*.;*»#_* Gurtains Half Price. I
J mJfBBBS&B^VwGSSM" *9ffjGGBZBB&M Wefc.ve.io F airs of Lace Curtain; that hav; been slightly da-nag?d
t BabiCi' $2.00 Short SkirlS $U9 ¦ ' [?? y "l^- « " b ' e Rt °. Arabian cofcn, in many J»
S ., . r . , . . i<Sft-_— ¦~& r S ciifersnt patterns, one and two pair loa, worth from Si. 00 to. $6. qo S
;t •zrtj^szx hmi s '- oi > $ '-s°' •'^^ > 2 -™ °»*'$3?q6 $
1? hand, many are a'so hemstitched and em- / .¦/ '**:.'.', \ \ mm ots _i_r— • m <# -P& m ~ _r n - : " %-
J boid^ed with lace, but rh.v are jus: a [\ * \ 5OC Night SfoiHS (f^
jf Lttle bit soiled, and biccusi ot th s these fpf^VTrTx _** ' f ' ' ' ' K
? *M Sk !"' .'". ."" k : J 91.29 /f #f * "• \ ¦ 35c. jffr^ ¦ j .
?» « en r»™, .-J cbM, €•% to 1/ / ' \ We, I ave purchased frcm a teub'e manuficturer A Cl I : 'il t\\' «' o
i ' W- 50 Gowns and Skirts $2.48- T^ av= __ =^\ 75 dc J n of 5*^ Night Shim fcr m» ffiB/iK^ %£
» Empir. Cambrx Gown very e abora'ely fhj R / J X7j A A\ and boys; they ar, ma-e of a good <ju__tvof / :'-'"BFP^Jr "5
| trimmed vnth wide Torchon lace ef hne fojJJ % U f\ \] | jj\ £oftj flrecy flJnrette in new eeslrabl, pattern?, \ \M Y&? %
X qua.ity; on hwn ruffl: and ihbon hnub, «irh a yoke and pocket, full cu: and cxtrl - ; ' ; I f! Bf. ."f
J skirt of lawn hney lucked wide Torchon l ong . If bought in the^egular- wav could nor I lilli -•4'
fc: ,ace insertion (f A -o rows) ard lace edging, I e sell for less than 50c each; our _-,,_, - ' • '. M ¦¦ % ¦
V both gown and s^irt r-gular.y 53.50 each— fpecul so- _ o special pike to-djy 35C ,: . • '-,. ' jll X ¦
* day only . ' jj|M| ||j!l|l . Jt. J
t Ip^^iilgii^^p Silk Remnants, , . ,4 . |;
j^ R. & G. brand was ever to'A at such a low price. 75C _P^_r5J_T_T Iffiff*Bf*(P* J' U '4
Jf *!*___ _r _C- This important sale ?s for Wcdnesdiy only; " | _ i '"-^* ; %
Jf SiSOGS f OB* a &Off%£fa our cn "rc stock of Silk Remnants; plain, J01 ¦ "'
K We have about 400 pairs of Ladies' Shoes that are stylish fi f^ d . «*«*ed an <* ««P^ Jaffeto? ft -.-. |. "
_} and well made and all right in every respect but one/ and plam a ° d U d = So / CS ' S™« , r \. ' = I " $\
% that is that we haven't some of the sizes. If we can fit t T 1 V 1 % '
*: your £et you will get a splend:d bargain at theprice we 1 some Black S. k. In this lot will be found *
S arc going to offcr these shres at to-day. ' 1 ; ui . tab - c Sb*« ' c \ shlrt wal3 «' tn^mmgs, .5 ¦
» . c 1 •• . u - 1- • t-^ , . . S linings and rufflinrs (from 1 to 6 vards); on = « -
»» 250 pairs of laairs b?s: qua ny Vici Ivd Lace Shos«, c'oth or kid top, i-T^s • \ t ? j i mm rzm - «° •
_> patmt leather or kid tip,, hand-turned *o'es, new ccin tc«, worked SaI * tO - da y ™*Y» at H^If Pi*/C© %
*» eyelets, that have been sold regularly at $3.00 and $3.50 ptr. pair, in f^t~~~^^ : — ' •* °
$ :t:d2'. :*:.*. r'*r?:^*.*' $1.98 Wm $1.50 Sinking #-.
** 148 pairs of ladies' best qialt ; - Veour Olf anl Vici K : d Lace Shor?, j /_?^-b*-*> & 4! H __? "2
Good\ejr wilt solts, nc.v- mmniih toes, good wa'kine fhee, th it wer: | N^^Jr Erfgtftj'O «S a s B d$ j. ]<
»? a'wansold a: £3.52, sizrs 3 to 7%, all E width, and s:z:s 5, kV 2 , I! '__* ,' , , „ j L ¦ \ o •, "*
* 6 anl 7, C— on special, sa'e to-. J ay only £fo « A «_» T T X $ l >° ta " I " athcr * rfoub e eni Snkbl ; 5
" " «_7_f_»£r€r s Bags compare with good rubber bladdrr; ruSrer,c:rl ,t
%, ' ' f !or floor anl rope tcr tei'ing artachm-nt; and screw «J*
K «« fl_9_r am '- am * \ *yts; on spec-al sals to-iiay (Weire;- -gj- # _ )-\
I New WalkBng Hats. l da )>°^ $i.w *
*•' We have ( ' u * :e a ' ot tf n:w Milinery — fiJja m R? *3B »t* &£ 2S)&26*£ (*___% _TS» % ¦
*( -^C^ 1^ " re ' I " r;mmc(1 ancl Walking Hit?. A good ** Gtrg<*ff>J*&B *? CSaB*S .yjt S^\ '*
* J^^^_^^^ t - m - tJ mi^ e :electi?T3 now bftbre the sea- j ££("*> (Si (f% j * p^'\ **
* ¦' ¦ d&SairM tont rasi bcgins> vafiSo %9Gb iro 1 |[2I« . «'"
_t ~rrf*M?$£ftfl\ T^ b chilm ' n F talking- Hit in fancy Thete Pcpperi and Fits ar: an exceUnt imita- \&a\ SJiOlS X
X &£&&3Z&Jk "' JS . striW — J us u : . . r tion of cut gVs and hav= heavy patei top ; #&\\ « »% *
* *H^Z^W%& ii« - Fctur--w.th 'Jg£^& )ou won!d be w2E_| to piv 15c each .f.r //SEW /I S l\ • \
£ V&^^W P 5" an LJ 6ilk Karf ' JMF$^ them, bet we wU share our lucky buy w:t'7^S||raLli S
K g K^=5 of alidades, a great _^^ v \^ today's customers and .elthe 700 on ' SSLM/^^^ ,-f '
j^ Vi "^ &) vlIu =-— "J^ — ) hand, each $2 32 5 '
|: $3*00 v^f^m Our New DrGSsmakGB*\
£ For $2.50, |3 and $4.50 Nrw Panama SSBIfB Mf**MF TTztifrhir* ¦ ' •*
J, Straw Walking Hats, ju t like picture, sjlid d. S SmBBU fWC^Vir B *MBi \BlTy - \ . X°
$ colors, draped bands of ti k aepe, tmarc hats, '*W_s_J Mrs - A - ** Reynolds and Mr. K. Bedros/both irom New %
Jk rce qua . les Vork, and both very high class. You shcu!d not wait too long before 5
ff $2m5Op $3m00f $4m5O» at !esst interv!ewng them. No matter how difficult you are to pleaie •§
H -nd how hard to fit, they will do both. »j
* JL S 5 ° Turkisn Kodak Albums 2Oc. |
K A Turk«h e'ea-nng fluid that ras no superior for r=- \___^ 9^^^^^^^-_\ be fcr Brownie ctints- "5
S r/'WAh I " gi T T" y - $ - ain8> gr " 5C ° r "^ frCm C '° Ch;5 ' th=y were mad; to sell at $1. S O %
* W* _"'«. tab e covers and other i a nc«, and a'sD ior l:nol<um, wood- , nj. an 4 «. ¦_- ,, r k. _- X
J- 4'\ work, marbr?, etc., as a pouher. We have lought a eff^r th-m srecial to-dav #. 2OC%
_• 'tU l\ YCTy targC 1 uart;t y at a F r ce which enab'cs us to offer jou 1 • « '
gjfll W^^^mmm Groceries -Liquors. I
ti f tt* Hliltcor , f> ~ Sugar-Cured Bacon — Beit Eastern, nice and .'ean, 1b ISO Jg
J? KSri "'v'] B*Ba%BBlfa Qoa B2a*iB Best C 3 ' 011 " 3 Rics— To-<?ay, 4 _» — _?s o {£
* EJUmaBBM& __# S*Tf_f Herring— Choicest imported, brge and fat, 8 for j?5 O ¦}
_f i9%_r rf- _r —» Salmon — Fine pink A'a-ka; to-day, tin fifo V
&nGG*BBl£B BfCa RoII:d Oats— Bess Eastern; to-day, 10 lis ".25o 5
* ** ------ Scotch Whiskey— Wm. W_Uams', reg_'_fy $1.25 bot:>, to-day S9O ** '
J On spedal ta'e to-day only— 2 cases daublc b:d heavy Shreting (81 Zinfandel— A chuce qua ky that U regularly 75c per gaL'on; wS! be on J
jf „ iiches wid:); unb'eached, no dres-ing, even round thead; thit give3 !p:ciil sile to- 1 ' ay only , °55c X
ft? long and satisfactory wear — anl today's special p: ice is fir Gin English Gin," which "we sell reg_!ar!y Ji.oo rer boltle;' "*
* lets than present mill ccst, per yard a mC sptcal to-<lay enly ./..... '. , t 78o "J
.j£ -..";, " ' . . ¦ " ' " ¦ " ' * X
* 25c Writing Tab'^ c j3gfj8B§g. B_SEJw8H_----1l-8^-B-8 ll_--ll Torzhon Laco 4 x Ag *
t? no-page Tabets cf Finfs: Qua'ity of ffl, HgK) -^%_^| ** iLJ S^^ E- 5 L : sh Torchon La:e," 3 to 4 hchej £
£ Satin Wove Wiiting Pjp.r, ru'ed ffl P^; fl _T «_. "? gl w >de, iTtry pr.-tty pattern?, 1500 •*
* or pain, regularly 25c— ¦ * 0+ <P* M--l-M->nH > «-ft R^yaatB*. *y yar.s— o_ rpe.ul u!e to- _- {I
fc » to-day f-eC CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE diy at...
THE E2fl_POBIXJl«.
IE£ EICFOBIU-L
TH_3 EMPOBITJ_d_
r ¦¦..¦- . • ;
The H-0 Go's
Buckwheat
¦ is the good
'-.'¦'¦ ¦¦
old-fashioned sort,
I' 'O with
-•'¦ x f^\ '¦ A&*f\ ;,niodern
J|j^4^S^ science
Sii__i_i__n_i ¦ ¦ 1 cIf Lord Roberts is to get a new title when the King
is crowned he would better select one that will. fit. :His
present title of Viscount St. Pierre and Earl of Kan
dahar and Pretoria is so dumsy. his best friend
wouldn't recognize him if he were seen staggering
under it.
The Legislature of New Mexico wants to make the
playing of football a misdemeanor. This appears to
be an effort designed io°make light=of a grave offense.
The'nianner in which football is- generally played sug
gests to the ordinary observer that it is a crime.
The Omaha kidnaper who has been caught has had
at least one satisfaction. * He had an advantage which
his victim did not possess— he; had every o reason to
believe that no effort was being lost to secure him and
put him out of harm's way.
A demand has been made in the English House of
Commons that members of that "• august assembly
must be permitted to speak in the language which is
most familiar to them. This certainly ought to be en
couraging to those orators that have been taking un
'due liberties with the King's English.
In his address before the Massachusetts Legislature
on Lincoln's birthday Senator Hoar said the man who
seeks to enter the Senate by means of corruption and
bribery should be shunned as if he had leprosy; and
now the loungers of the Senate gallery ought to havi
a good deal of fun .watching the Senator dodge his
Kansas has just given the world another illustration
of her ability to confuse everything that comes within
the sphere of her influence. When Victoria died the
Legislature of the State thought it becoming the dig
nity of Kansas to send a message of condolence to
King Edward, but the message evidently misled the
royal secretary, for in response he sent back the fol
lowing: "The private secretary is commanded to
convey the thanks of the King for the expressions of
loyalty and sympathy contained in "the message which
you forwarded to his Majesty on January 31, 1901."
Now, as the Kansas men never expressed any loyalty
to Edward and do not feel any, they have refused to
spread tire reply upon the records, and there is talk
of sending Mrs. Carrie Nation over to London to
remonstrate with the secretary.
Very different is the view of the question taken by
the Germans. It is asserted in Berlin that the duty
imposed upon American goods was designed mainly
as a warning to Germany. It is argued that the
American trade is a matter of comparatively little
importance to Russra, and that the Russian Finance 1
"Minister impojed maximum duties upon American
imports solely for the purpose of impressing upon
Germany that if Russian exports to that country ar»
interfered with the Russian Government will not hesi
tate to retaliate. - °
That view of the question has naturally caused a
go^d deal ol anxiety in Germany, as the people of the
empire as/ radically divided on the issue. The Agra
rians, or landowners and farmers, of Germany desire
fio'ection against the competition of Russia in farm
jrocucts, while on the other hand the manufacturers
would willingly grant almost free trade with Russia
in all iorts of farm products for the sake ,of getting
concessions in favor of German manufactured exports
to Russia.
In discussing the question Dr. Barth, one of the
leadng statesmen of Germany, is reported to have
said: "The recent Russo- American tariff war is of a
temporary nature, since Russia is systematically work
ing to "establish the closest rejations with the* United
The recent decree of the Russian Government im
posing a maximum duty upon American goods im
ported into Russia naturally constitutes the central
point around which the economic discussion revolves.
The decree does not impress Europe as it impressed
us. To the American the action taken by the Rus
sians appeared like the beginning of a European tariff
war against the United States. Some authorities who
Tike to prophesy did rot hesitate to declare that the
action would soon be followed by similar action on
the part of other European powers, and that the.
much-discussed plan of a general European tariff waf
against the competition of this country would soon be
carried out.
DESPITE royal deaths and weddings, the war in
South Africa and the complications in China,
the people of the leading nations of Europe are
directing attention mainly to industrial problems and
tariff questions. Economic issues, in fact, are the
most important of the time, and the nations are busily
engaged in determining how "each can best succeed in
the competition for trade.
EUROPEAN TARIFF PROBLEMS.
IX CHINESE "WATERS— Subscrtt>€r.
City. A .child born on board an American
vessel in* Chinese waters Is a native, Of the
United Stares. -,•;.•.= -;-• .-,•'*.. :'; ¦
COUNT VON WALJ5ERSEE — -;Subr
scriber, Salinas, Cal. The German , Em
peror's nomination \ of . Field 'Marshai
Count von* Waldersee as military- com
mander of the allied forces In China, in the
first part of August," 1300. was acceded',:to
with reasonable cordiality by all the gov
ernments. His power fs to. direct*. th«
movements of the allied tr»ooj>3. •.¦.'.' *"
DUKE OF ilANCHESTEIW. .'lit'aV
Oakland, Cal. The Duke- of ¦' Manchester
has done many peculiar thlnjrs Id .his' Ufa
and- this department is unable io' : furril3h
a reason for each of his eccentricities. Tlie
fact that he had his picture, measure
ments and description faken bv-.the Bertil
lon system in Cincinnati some time- a*4
may have been a desire on his ; part lo,
ascertain how perfect the system is, : y ;
Choice candies. To wn3end*s. Palace Hotel: •
CaL clace fruit 50c per 1b at TownaeneV*.*
Special information supplied dally to
huslncs? houses and public men by t&s>
Press Clipping Bureau (AHea'st. 510 Mont
gomery »t. Telephone Main 1042. ¦ • •;
\ * ¦ . ; ' • .00*
It is estimated that a permanent chan
nel fourteen feet deep can r>e cons-tnic^d
from St. Louis to Lake Michigan hy way
of the IUino's River, for $33,000,000. .
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
¦ Xow, -in the case of both deaf and blind, the earlier
they enter upon, systematic training the better. As a
frule it is a° mistake, to keep either class long in .the
public .schools, and it will be a still graver mistake
to attempt to .give thenii in the public schools, the
special training* required- by their condition. If that
te ¦ the object of the. bill it is without merit and
should, not. pass. Peisons who have never been in
contact with\hc blind and mute do not comprehend
tow slowly* and.' with what difficulty .they learn.
Therefore it' is .that the greatest caution is needful in
icrde'r that -their,, full training may not require them
io unlearn; 1 any" "part of : its earlier- stages.' The
process of ti:u«arriing Js most difficult and to the stu
tfent most discouraging. These defectives keenly ap
preciate their condition and its limitations, and, mort
than the. whole,- they* -equi re constant and cheerful en
coura£ement..\Vhen they have been mrstaught, which
it. the sure' results of attempting to teach them at all
Inj^h* public schools, and have to unlearn what has
bees acqu-rcd by, .so. much hard labor, they become
'discouraged, and their development is apt to be per
; ttanently irr.pcired. Ti the public would only* appre
.'ctate the obvious truth that what is learned with dif- '
°f:culty is ..still more : difficult -to unlearn, and would
¦ £pply that to the training of these defective children
¦they" would see how necessary'.it is ihat statutes affect
iri^ their welfare, to be beneficial, should originate
¦with these devoted experts who choose " for their
career the education of those who cannot be t trained
» in the public schools, else there would be no necessity
' for bsthntioris for the deaf and dumb and blind. That
•these exist 5 r.t all i.s'in itself evidence that the work
they do is a high and distinct "specialty.
¦ Turning X.3 the other side of it, the public schools
0 have row morc'wo-k than they do well for the
¦ non-defective classes. The ordinary teacher has
<*:e:thcr time nor training to teach the mute or the
b'ir.d. and the creation 6i special classes and employ
ment of 'special' teachers is not to be thought of, for
the juvenile blind and mute are not numerous, an i
when they occur only one or two will be found in
the same district, ani the employment of a special
teacher fcr them is a waste of money, energy and op
. * If the proposed bill have any s;uch\ purpose it
A fear has been expressed by the representatives of
' the powers in China that General Tung, the oriental
botcher, v.ill refafe to obey an order he has received
to suicide. These representatives must have
reached the conclusion that General Tung possesses,
in conjunction with liis offensive attributes, a large
• fund nf common sense.
r\ BILL is introduced in the Assembly which
/~y proposes to incorporate the college for the
.* •"¦ ¦ : deaf and dumb and blind at Berkeley into and
r.^.ke it.a; part bfthe public school system of the
State The bill expressly excludes that institution
from/any .-.share of the public school funds and does
!riot propose, that it shall be under the management of
live School Directors of the district in which it is !o
cajed. It is. hard. to tee just why the change is pro
jJQsed or. what good can come of it. The Berkeley
inkiitction: is one 6f the most noted in the world.
l\- has. worked -out. to a conclusion the problem of
th^co'cdu^anoh of the bfirtd- and mute. Forty years
ago.jlicre was only, disbelief in the utility of such co
cd-cation.-'and this institution was, in- many impor
tant rc?f>ects. a pioneer in that work that had so few
•supp-oners.'-'. In practice the system has proved bene
ficial to borh classes." The ingenuity and resources
of <adr! have 'been stimulated by it, and that means
inttl'eciusl growth,* which is the object of all educa
tion. The b/;ind and mute graduates of Berkeley are
noted for an equipment superior to that given in in
fctitutions.'where only one class .of these defectives is
taught. Ih'the latter they miss that training that
cornes -of tat blind penetrating the isolation of oi
lence in which* dvC-ell the deaf, and to the deaf from
entering* with* exchange of thought into that world of
darkness irr which -dwell the blind.
THE BLIND AND DEAT
It is not easy to imprison a mob made up of "best
citizens" and put it in jail until it give bonds to keep
the peace. 'In regard to that sort of violence there is
needed a new education of the people on the subject
of obedience to law. There is no land in the world
where violations of law by masses of the people is
less justifiable than in this country, for in no other
land have the people such ample powers in the way of
enforcing laws and controlling public officials. Con
sequently in all our- condemnation of Mrs. 1 Carrie
Nation let us not forget that she is a product of
American life and has had lots of examples to encour
age her in her violence.
The country will, however, lose the full significance
of the lesson of the Kansas outbreak if it confines
attentionjo Mrs. Nation and pronounces condemna
tion upon her alone. She has not been the only
supporter of lawless violence in this country, nor has
she been the worst. The' smashing of saloons is as
nothing compared with the gross outrages that have
been committed in the name of lynch law. That dread
evil has now become so common that it threatens
to develop into a habit, and, unfortunately, it is far
more difficult to deal with than Mrs. Xatign.
That calm statement of the responsibility of the
voters of Kansas for the violation of the law they
have enacted by the officials they elected may noc
have much effect upon the minds of excited zealots,
but it can hardly fail 10 impress the understanding of
the great mass of the Kansas people. The law is in
their hands, and so also are the officers of the law.
Those who desire to uphold prohibition in the Stat.2
have recourse to the courts and also to the 1 ballot.
It is therefore their own fault if the laws be violated,
and they cannot atone for that fault by what Justice
Brewer has called a "spasmodic virtue'' and described
as being "next door 10 intentional vice."
The hatchet Is the weapon of barbarism; the ballot
is the one weapon of civilization. In Kansas, since 1SS7,
Mrs. Nation, with* all the women in the 286 cities of
the State, has had the right to vote for Mayor, for the
members of the Common Council and for every other
officer of the municipality. Women, equally with men,
have the responsibility. Therefore, the duty of Mrs.
Nation and all the women-of Kansas Is to register and
vote for only such men or women who will publicly
pledge themselves to do their duty and to carefully re
tire to private life every officer who has failed to show
his hand.
• Among the people who have been foremost ana
most emphatic in condemning the violent methods of
Uie Kansas crusader are many of the eminent leaders
of the temperance movement. Thus the venerable
Susan B. Anthony, whose zeal in the cause of woman
hood and the home, as well as in that of prohibition,
cannot be questioned, is reported to have said in a
recent interview:
Nothing of any permanent value has been gained
for the temperance cause in" Kansas her outbreak.
As Justice Brewer stated in a recent lecture at Yal=,
"I T<now that prohibition has ceased to be enforced
in the large cities of the State, but spasmodic virtue
is next door to intentional vice. After the spasm has
passed the community will be more indifferent than
ever, and within ten years it will be worse than it
was at first."
yy4 RS. CARRIE NATION, having been released
/ \ from jail, has decided to drop saloon-smash
* - ing for a time and edit a newspaper. It i9 re
ported she is to .receive $150 salary to conduct the
paper for a week. Perhaps the work will do the paper
good, perhaps it will do her good. One thing is cer
tain, it will do Kansas good, for while Mrs. Nation
is wrestling with the mysteries of the press and try
ing to write articles that will suit all classes of her
followers the excited people of Kansas will have time
to cool off and consider calmly the situation that con
fronts them.
FANATIC REFORMERS.
WE OH ESDAYi ;..... FEBRUARY 27, 1901
JOHN 0. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
i«r«t All CcEctrkiticni U W. S. LEAEE, Kii*S«r.
M \\ \<;r.ir> OFPICK. ..... w
PLULXCATIQX OFFICE. .'-, 'Market nnd Third. 8. F.
¦ .• : . . Telephone '!*<¦*¦¦ — Oti; . ". ' * "
EDITORIAL XIOOMS-..... .517 to 221 StcTCB«o» St.
Telephone Proa* 202.
Delli-ered l»r Currier*. IB Ccn<« Per TVeelc
SlnRle Copies, 5. Cent*. , • •
Term* by Mall. Inrladlnsr Positacret
rAILT CA.tX <1rclu<3!r.t Fur.dayV. cae year.. J«."
PATI-V CALK <trc!u<S!r.jr 5«r?flay>. .« months..: 300
PAI1.T CXLt. «lnclu4:r-F Sunday). 3 months 1-60
PA1I.T CAI.U— Py Fingie Mcr.th.... ttc
SVNDAT CALL, On* Tear.....' 1#59
UEEKLT OALU One Tear.... ....'.. • 1 -°'
All postmasters are ¦nlbnrlied to recelTe
. ;. anbarrtptJona.
' Sample ' copies wi;i b« forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers In crfierirt: <-har.re of ad<Jr*s« should t*
par*Jcu:«r to *1*-» both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to isrur* a prccpt aoJ correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE....; . . . . . . . ..U1S Broadway
. C. GEORGE KBOGXESS.
JTaaaftr rprtlca Aerertiilng. XarfMtU Baildlag. Ctlc»;».
(Lccj-. Distance Telephone "Central 2SU.")
' ' Vjcirw TORK/ CORRESPONDENT: "*. .
C C CABLTOX * . . . . ... .Herald Sgaare
fCEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEPUEJT B. SMITH .30 Tribune Balldlns;
¦¦¦NTWTORE SEWS STANDS: .
Wal^orf-Astcrta. Hotel; A. Brentapo* & Utlcn Stuart;
Xarrvr HU1 Hotel. _______ ¦'. ••
-¦ •¦ CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eeermaa House; P, O. News Co. ; Great Northern Hotel;
P*a_ost 'House; AuSitcrtuxn HqteL . '
n%'_tS__Kt«T<»' iO. C.) OFFICE. . . .14OC G «t.. N. W.
MORTON" E_ CRA.M3. Correspondent.
BRAXCI1 6-FFICES— C:: Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
UEtii !:S9 o'rioft S00 Hayes, «pen until 9:S0 o'clock. fcS*
NrAJltyter /'open until -S:SO. o'clock. 615 L— rkln. open until
* JO o'clock. VHl Mission, open Until 10 o'clock. 2C61 Markat,
comer Sixteenth, cpen until » o'clock. 1CS< Valencia, open
|= until. » e'eiock. 106 Elevcath, cpen until J o'clock. NW. cor
r.«r Twf Wy-ieccn4 ana Ivectuciy, open until 9 o'clock.
A wise man after reading the forefrolaf; ob
serves: "I think I understand clearly enough
now that ' it is the duty of the commander,
through his- officers, to always be convinced of
the ship' 3 safety whether he has a pilot or not.
and., now,, under the' conditions prevailing at
•the time of this disaster,- whom would you con
sider meet to blame?" And I am obliged, t»
answer, as will each sane- and competent mm*
"Until the evidence Is fully before one It is
quite impossible even to say whether either th»
captain, his officers or-jthe pilot has committed,
moro> than simply an, error of Judgment-'* * - V
WIL.UA'M C. BOTS3.
"Only, as- a pasuenger."; replied the plJot-
He was distinctly within his, rights: the sh!p
did net sail that nigh*. Had gfce done so It
would have been necessary to go through tns
narrows' when it was quite dark and that Is
slischtly; but not very. : dangerous. . ' .'
"The responsibility is so divided, thetf,'*'
some will observe, "that no en* la •"sporiftblf.T '
Xct eo». It would be an easy matter- XV fill
pages of this pap«r with personal lastan^ 9 . '
but a. couple will doubtless show clearly cnougli
where responsibility directly lies. \; . ' '
A larger mail steamer than the , Rio was
heading from the city .cf Melbourne toward the?
heads— a distance of. rcuirhly, forty nriles. Th»
course "la straisht to a big perch buoy for
some thirty-five miles, when It turns a^m^st
at right angles around the end' cf a bl* sani
bank. "When within about three miles of the
buoy It was c.'early seen by the deck officer
(myself) on the port bow, which, meant tltat
we were, head'njr for the sand. tank. . The at
tention of the pilot was called to the fact, but
he ?ald he was aware of the' position of the
buoy. JTe was possibly, taking 1 advantage of
some lecal current with which we were net
familiar. The shin's . prsitioR .'was at once
plotted on the ehart by crr*i*.tj»arinics,' an«X
rsain five minutes later. Th* retention j6t the
commander was immediately drawn, ar 1 «im
ul ta neon sly— Tviih<ut reference trr-the' 'pilt-t— the
crd«*r 'Tiartl a-starbonrd" frlven. . The enj?ir' i «
were reversed, the pilot giving.' 1 th;it order,
and th* shij turned hilf rcunj. : Car°fiir.bear-'
Ings showed that the shfp was still a quarter
of p. mile from the edge -of the bank, bu* •»*
she was tUamiris sixteen; knets an hour there
was little margin cf sifety. -It wouli , sefin
that the offlcer had. .acted- with' .-sufficient
promptitude, but that wp.s neither the. cvlTilon
of the commar.dpr.nnr ht th« -rtwners yifitnt. the
matter was inve-stigarerJ.' " >k A%, .fcfte-' flrsi sus
picion r,f danger make certain" is, ,aif eld saw
and en especlplly wise one. Had til* steamer
in question run en th/» bank the • pUot'.-wouM
net have been he'd solely to Warn-— tfcp ' cetn
matider. re^pcr.siMe fV his officers ' : . as he
should be. would have" been held e/iu^!ly at
fault. Ar It was. the pilot was <l*?niise1 frsm
th<» service of the company, an'.l ttie comman
d*r and navigating; officer c.ul:e prcrx»r!y cen
sured.
The sti mshtp Cam Marth had eoa>-* a»
Xorfclk. Va.. and was r?ai1j- to proceed to se*
late ona winters afternoon. , When the pilot
5arr,e on beard for th^ purpose of taking the
ship t> s»a he inquired- from ' the copimanrJsr^
how long it would take the v«wl to make tTie
run to a position off Old Pornt Comfort.- an!
on beinsr told, he raid quite courteously. "Cap
tain, I am willing to do what I can -to help
you set" to tea. to-night if yea Insist on polng.
I will place all my knowledge at your disposal,
but I must decline to toe responsible for th«
ship's safety." .= \ ,°;\ - n [.
"Will .you ccrne pn the bridy* with \ vatT'
queried the master. •:.;• • -
The Call drx?s not hold Itself respanalfcis far
the opinions published In thi3 column, bat
presents them for -whatever value they may
have as communications of general interest.
Tb THE EDITOrt OF THE CALL:
In accidents similar to that which 'etpeu'rr**
ta tKe <"ity of IMo da Janeiro !t i> lnvariaMv
observed that there ar? srorfj of thew iivh<>
know intuitively "ho*; It harried," "wh> iv
to t" blamed," etc.. and they proceed tr> fa««
judgment en the *trer>sth cf their wortVe-%*
opinions. A asserts with cnnfMpnce that Cap-:
tain Ward was . *o>ly-/at fault. '.'. whllip p. in'
equally certain that Pi!nt Jorrlan is to tx> h»'A
entirely re!«!>on?ible. neither of which tsfit«;
ments can b<» true If the narratives of the sur
vivors can le at all relied on. Pome little Hsfct
may be thrown on the matter by th» fn'.tfiwinsr
statements re-cctlni: the r«lat«v^ r-sjxMislbu
ltles and duties cf masters and p!!cta. Neither
"vain of my achievements nor fit mr po*er of
debate," It may be stat?d that they are raa^e.
by one who has served In all rr.nnji*T of ships.
In nil capacities, and who has known rraftl
cally'jJie, entrances to meet of th* er«at port*
of the world:
First, there Is at times a dlffereix-e between
commanding a shin and •1'rectlntt her .nai'ijra
tlon: second, wh»n th*^iavl^at!cn of a «hjp. if
Intrusted to a rHot no s»n.«tb!* master wiH ra
terfore with that pilot's Judjrm*nt onles»°.it b«
obvious that he I3 eith»r care>»« or elearfr J'tJ
error; third, no pilrt w!ll— nor ran be— ©rder t*ie
anchor weighed wlth-.ut th« express cot&eaz Cf
the master; fourth, wlren start's* froia ais" an
chorage toward e!tfc«r pr.rt or tt\ the uavarytr.j
rule Is for the pilot a?v1 the tnaster to
tat to tho proper time for proce«<K»»? JiftS.
when a pilot declines responsibility for th<* nar
ijratlon' of a steamer he should leave the trt£«<?;
sixth. In entering ports Iiko San Fraselftco th«
pilot's services are deemed chiefly of value- b**
cause te la familiar with the ever-sh!ft!p.s
channel and knows of any „ recent ph*nom«aca
(a pale of wind, for example) whict might. ttnSi
to alter the normal trend of the local curmus.'.
(With facts of this nature it Is manifest!?' fan-'"
possible for the commander to familiarize r..m
self.) . ¦ • '.: '- '¦:'
AUTHORITY OF
CAPTAINS AND
SHIP PILOTS
From such statements it will be. seen that any fears
that may have been felt of a general European tariff
war upon the United States are groundless. The na
tions .of Europe have too many tariff complications
of their own to carry out any plan for uniting
against us.
.. It i& "added that a member of the Russian Embas-y
jn Berlin, has virtually confirmed that view by the
statement that .the present favorable rates on German
manufactured exports to Russia were given solely
because of German concessions to Russia" on cereals
exported to Germany, and that if the German Gov
ernment, out of Reference to the Agrarians of the
empire, raises the duties on Russian farm products,
the Russian Government will retaliate as promptly
as it did in the case of the United States.
States, not only commercial but 'financial,' thus assum
ing the position that Germany has heretofore occu
pied. That forms an inherent part of Russia's policy.
It is not only De Witte's policy, but it«is the policy. of
the whole Government."
By.iMrs K. Ottley.
(Member of the Industrial Corqmltteo of the Gene-ral Federation of Women's
Clubs and Chairman of the Committee on Working Women.)
COPYRIGHT, 1901.
II— GROWTH OF BUSINESS OP
PORTUNITIES FOR WOMEN.
In the solution of those problems which
rlso from the movement of American
.women toward economic independence the
leisure woman ¦ r>t America must bear a |
yeoman's part. Sho it is who must study j
tho ever-shifting industrial situation, and, »
by Intelligent direction through press and j
people, strive to regulate conditions, adapt
public sentiment and remove the preju- j
dices of the worker, thus preventing con- I
srestlon in Industry, business or profession
by enabling women who need work to
pass easily from overcrowded fields of
labor to. others where their efforts are in
demand. • j
The leisure woman of America mu3t do ;
thes.e things, and she must do them be-|
cause she is a leisure woman. Our bo- i
clal structure is to-day ao complex, our
processes are bo Involved, that the clos
est study of cause and effect is necessary
to the initiation of -any effort for social
control. The wisdom of the serpent and
tho patience of Job must waif upon the
formation and development of plans for
social betterment and progress.
Xow, all these things take time and
ptenty of it, and leisure women are the |
only people in America to-day who have (
any time at their disposal-. Men have
none and the higher up in the scale the
man is the less time he has. The 4,000,(XW
women who earn their livelihood in Amer
ica have no tlmet; they are as busy as the'
men. It Is clear that all the time there
Is lies in the possession of the women who
are supported by the labor of men, or are
in possession of sufficient means to render
labor on' their part unnecessary.
This absolute ''corner" on leisure prob
ably will not always exist; a time is com
ing when half the people will not have all
the leisure and the other half none. A
more ideal state cf society doubtless will
bring some work to everybody and not so
much work to anybody. In the meantime,
however, the burden of any social inves
tigation or endeavor in America must rest
with the leisure women. Half a million
of these 'leisure women are united in the
General Federation of Women's Clubs for
constructive social" work, and we shall ex
pect results from this concerted effort and
action.
Far from Its fcelng a fart-that the prob
lem of the worker is- alien- to the women's
clubs, I venture to say that the women's
clubs of America are rapidly becoming
the rallying ground for knowledge of and
interest in all phases of questions which
concern the woman who works. This is
true not alone because every club con
tains such able representatives of the I
professional, business an.d industrial ac- I
tlvltios of women, and thus affords a j
meeting ground for the leisure woman
and the wage-earning woman; it is true
even more because of the presence in the
clubs of a preponderating number of non
professional or leisure women who are to
play the most ' Important part in influ-, j
encing the future of the American, wage
earning woman. Even now the leisure 1
women of the- clubs are surveying the
field of the working woman arid noting
the opportunities nnd obstacles which
meet her there. Such social eff<*t will in
crease till at every step the leisure woman
blazes out the way' for the busy 'woman, j
The one class must do this for the other
class, because there is every reason why
the woman who works cannot do it for
herself.
Limitations of Women Who Work.
In the first place, she has not the time.
A woman who doe?, during six days in
the week, productive labor hns but little
leisure- in which to survey the field and
doduce conclusions from the phenomena
of which she is a part.
In the second place, the very fact that
she is herself a part of the subject matter
to be studied prevents the wage-earner
from having the best viewpoint from
which to regard the subject. From her
position in the thick of the fray trre wage
earnine; woman cannot discern the gen
eral movement of events nor form any
widely applicable deductions as to'steps In
the campaign. Yet the wisest and wariest
movements must be devised, for woman
as a wage-earner stands in the profes
sional, busincris and industrial world not
only without the recognition of the polit
ical* economist,- but without full popular
consent to her very existence there.
Scarcely a day passes without earnest ar
gument from some public quarter to con
vince, woman that it will not do for her to
become a w^ge-earner. Considering that
4.030,000 womc-p have wormed themselves
into lucrative employment in the United!
States, it seems hardly worth while to de
, bate the question as to whether they shall
or shall not work. Practically women
have settled the matter by working, but
theoretically the American public has not
made up a verdict. To be sure of this one
has only to note how many persons in de
manding opportunity for work for women
base the demand upon the fact that "so
many women, have »o work. 1 ' In the pop
ular mind necessity is the ground upon
which 'the right of women to work for
wages has been conceded. The ethical
right of every woman as an individual to
¦ some productive labor is yet an open
question with us in this country.
At this time we must leap this chasm of
the degree of right to remunerative. work
¦conceded to women and deal with the
facts as they actually exist— namely, that
women in great numbers are at work— and
inquire into the opportunities and obsta
cles which they are encountering, particu
larly in the field ot business and in indus
trial pursuits. We ¦'hall note as well, the
share which leisure women may have in'
I shaping their opportunities and removing
! the obstacles. Every section of our great
i and heterogeneous nation presents such
widely varying phases of this problem
that the ' value of any observations
thereon must depend entirely upon the de
gree of the observer's local familiarity
with the subject. I shall, therefore, con
fine myself in this paper to comments
upon conditions in the section which I
know best, and in speaking of the degree
of opportunity for women in business and
Industrial affairs shall treat of conditions
as« they exist in.'the eastern group of the
Southern States. In any case this sub
ject as applied to the South would require
distinct treatment since the work of wo
men in this section presents phenomena
differing widely from, those of any other
part of tho country.
Business Opportunities in the South.
I It is easy to understand the reason of
j these peculiar conditions when we take
j into consideration the rapidity with which
i the wage-earning spirit has grown among
the women of the South, and rc'member
that in an incredibly short time from al
most no working 'women at all this sec
tion now finds itself possessed of them in
numbers equaling those of any other sec
tion. Even the field of stenography— that
most overcrowded of vocations — has been
open to women but a few short years in
the South. «Xo exact dates can be given
for a growth, but roughly speaking twelve
years would covfer the period during which
the nresence of women In offices -in any
capacity was- at all usual. I number
among my personal acquaintances a wo
man still of dancing age. who was for
years the only woman stenographer in
Atlanta, the least typically. Southern of
all Southern cities.-
Before office work came of course teach
ing, "which dees not "fall under the scopo
of this article, but which I mention here
because It was the entering wedge of
work for women, and for so many vears
after the Civil War constituted the* sole
resort of tbe needy gentlewoman. " So
many persons of irreproachable lineage
but worse than doubtful pedagogical at
tainments fell into this one open door for
fhose who "must °do something" that
school teaching was for many years a
Veritable slaughter of the innocents. It
still -ranks: as such an eminently respect
able means of; .earning , money, that it
draws many recruits from the elite, and
this renders it a tremendously over
crowded profession.
This constitutes my second reason for
alluding to ft here In connection with sten- (
ography, since these two vocations repre- 1
sent the grreatest state of congestion. Both j
are badly overcrowded with J-oung »o- j
men who should be doing some of the In- j
dustrial work which is Roin.er bogginp 1
while they struggle for poorer-paymp
places in schools or offices because such
work is more conventionally recognized
as the correct thing: for women.
Opportunities That Are Scorned.
Pitiful Industrial incongruities spring
from this state of affairs. Young women
in actual need will seek in vain a teach
er's place or pupils in music or art. or
struggle for a cheap position as stenog
rapher, while hundreds of women about
them are searching in vain, .for an intel
ligent person who can make a shirt waist
or cook or cator wlih skill. The objertloii
to domestic service, which exists every
where, rinds reintorctment in the wouiii
in the fact that the negro fills this field
absolutely. With IU.uCO.uOO persons of an
inferior race nearly all engaged In man
ual labor, it is easy to see how the door
of domestic service is shut uponfeven the
poorest whites. There " ar». however,
many branches of industrial labor which
do not fall under Uie head' of domestic
service in the sense vt requiring the em
ploye to enter the home of the employed.
Sewing supplies the most notable ex
ample of this kind cf and
next comes expert cookery which fur
nishes viands from outside the home. The
women's clubs of the South are making
great efforts through industrial training
schools for whites to popularize these In
dustries and attract to them some of the
young women who are overcrowding the
office and the schoolroom. In a far
reaching way this end will be effectuaUy
furthered by the movement for a more
and more general manual training feature
in popular education, for the acceptance
of which in the South women's clubs are '
largely responsible. . i
In Manufacturing Industries.
Passing from the industries which con
cern the home and which are as yet al
most totally undeveloped in the South, wa
come to the "tremendous field of manu
facturing industries. In the lower grades
of such work in the South women abound,
but they have not yet made the slightest
advance in position. This unopened field
Is perhaps the most important one for
whK-h the Southern woman waits. The |
textile industries alone of this section bid j
fair to challenge the wonder of the world.
Some Idea of the uc-velopment along this
line can be gathered from the fact that
during the last -fourteen years the con
sumption of cotton by Southern mills has
increased 297 per cent, against 20 per cent !
of- lnciea.se during the same period by ]
Eastern mills. During 1 the last year thir- I
ty-seven great cotton .mills were erected!
in the State of Georgia alone, and the
other Gulf States can show a somewhat
similar record. It Is easy to see what im
mense opportunities are opening: for those
who seek- work In the South, and since
negroes rarely work in factories this field
Is reserved almost exclusively for the
whites, as domestic service is for the
other race. ;
Let us see what share women are secur
, ing of this .fast-developing industry. In
: the lower grades of mill work they pre- |
Vonderate. being so greatly in demand at !
spindle and loom that 75 i>er cent of all j
the operatives In the mills of Georgia are >
women and children. .But this work Is j
always at the bottom. The good-paying
I ositior.s, such as forewomen in manu- j
lactuiing establishments, which North. ;
I-ast 'and West pive employment to ;
vomen of dignity and Intelligence, are •
unknown in the South. Since there i3
r.o prospect of their rising to share in i
the worK of superintendence the best |
class of women, from the point of view •
of industry and intelligence, do not go j
into the manufactories, or they leave
them as soon ns possible.
This fact -contributes to the congestion I
In ollice and schoolroom and swells the I
needy crowd of- applicants outside thetr
doors. Many women who are not parr
ticularly fitted for either the office or the
t-choolroom would be most successful
forewomen in manufacturing establish
ments.
Training Denied to "Women. .
That this great avenue of usefulness is
closed to Southern women Is partly due
tc precedent ffnd partly to the fact that
while textile training is given to the
young men of the various Southern States
who desire it all such opportunity Is de
nied to the young women.
I will again cite Georgia as the proud
possessor of. a school of technology of
almost uneijualed equipment ana effi
ciency, with a textile department which
matriculated more students last year than
f-ny other in th'e world. But its doors
are closed against the female citizens of
tht- State. Every step in the manufacture
of textiles is taught here,- from dyeing
' and designing to actual weaving, and if
women were permitted to share these
advantages there can be no doubt that
they would find greatly increased oppor
tunities for the exercise of skill and in
dustry. . . j,.
This discrimination against women will,
more effectually each year, forbid their
competition with men. for the better
grades of Industrial activity, since formal
training in the industries will become in
creasinRly demanded, and the boys of the
South will have all of it and the. girls will
have none. It is hardly necessary to say
that the club women <.f the South are agi
tating this question and will hammer at
these doors until they open. Bill^to this
tffect have been twice lost in Georgia's
Assembly, but there will be -other A^em"
blies, and the club women, who may be
counted on to be, always on, the alert,
will never rest until 'women are given
• qual ppportunltles with men to share in
the higher grades of, industrial employ-,
ment. • :;?•'-¦
Women Must Join Unions, r..
For those women, already fHling the fac-,
tories in such numbers there is much to
be done. The 75 per cent of women and.
children already in mills need the efforts
of the leisure women and are receiving
them. The first struggle must be. of
course, the effort to eliminate the children
from the problem. The Southern States,
which until recent years have teen purely
agricultural, have on their statute books
no labor legislation. An eleven-hour day
is about the limit, and, as for children,
they may work at any age, at the will of
idle parents.
To prevent this has been the object of
a fierce fight, now three years old. in the
various States, between the* mill owners
on the one hand and the tabor unions and
the women on the other. So far no leg
islation has been secured, but so much
popular sentiment has been aroused that
the mill owners are about to perfect an
agrtement among themselves conceding
a certain age limit and requiring a cer
tain amount of schooling for each child.
This is another, fight which will not b©
dropped. o _ 3 ' ,
As for the factory woman and the la
boring woman everywhere there, is but
one sure reniedy for all the ills of her
condition, whether these ills he In the
¦ wa*:es for which she works or the circum
stances under which she works. That
remedy Is organization. It has proved
the effectual salvation of the laboring
man and It will do as much for the labor
ing woman. . ° °
it is the function of the leisure woman
to press this truth hom? upon the woman
who worksoand help and . encourage her
to the formation and maintenance of
1 unions. Then she will not have to cut the
throats of. men by underbidding them, nor
live on« Half wages because she la, a
h™ man - . "- ¦
A little boy hearing some one remark
that nothinp was quicker than thoueht
said he kn*w better than that; whistH-e
•was quicker than thoujjht.
Being asked to explain he said:
•'In school the otner day I vrhlstled be
fore I thought and got a licking for It "—
The Evangelist. »
AT HOTEL DEL. CORONADO the season ts
now on at full tide. American and Europ»m
plan*. Best of> everythJns. Including the caar
'acter of entertainment. .Apply 4 New Monts-.m
ery at., city, for speclai ticket.
Suggestions to American Women Who
Accept the Vast Opportunities for
Work Presented io Them.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
' : . The San Francisco Call.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Against the expressed will of the people Mr. To
bin pleaded the cause of "the gentlemen of wealth
and standing who have invested a large amount of
money in the racetrack."'
The matter is up to the Mayor. But he has already
declared in favor of "thirty days' pocket-picking," and
the extra six days of that industry, granted in the
thirty-six day ordinance, will probably not revolt him.
The issue was made, the people voted the pool
room down. If the Tobin ordinance to permit track
gambling had been submitted to them it would have
gone down with the pool-room;
Yet the Board of Supervisors not only invite it, but
hold the door open to it, notwithstanding that by
every possible form of expression, from the ballot-box
to the petition, the people have expressed themselves
against it. There was no evidence before the Super
visors that any considerable minority wants track
gambling. When the people rejected general pool
selling, off the track, in racing events, by what logic
can that decision be warped into an indorsement of
gambling on the track on the same events?
Legal protection of track gambling, and what the
Mayor admits to be pocket-picking, is something that
right-minded public officers would not need to.. refer
to the people at all, but would deny it at once. It is
one of the things condemned by the conscience, a
malurn in se. a wrong in itself, which governments
are instituted to forbid and not to invite.
It is well to emphasize now the attitude of these
public officers, for in due time they will be again cry
ing in the political wilderness that the charter is
about to perish for need of their friendly care and will
be extolling the sacredness of the popular will.
Yet those officers are the very same politicians who
were bowing to the ground in deference to the popu
lar voice. . Now what popular voice have they heard
in favor of track gambling? When and how was it
uttered? The issue was voted on by the people, and
their voice was overwhelmingly against renewal of
that form of vice. Has the Mayor .the veto power
over the popular vote? Can the Board of Super
visors reverse the judgment of the ballots? Are the
people the court below or the court above the Mayor
and his Supervisors? Which can reverse the other?
If the Mayor and Supervisors can reverse the ballots
of the people in such a matter as track gambling
they can in any other matter, and therefore can per
petuate themselves in power by ignoring the election
of their successors.
The present emergency in this city is an illustration
of the insincerity of those in authority. Decent peo
ple have hardly dared to sleep nights lest diversion
of their watchfulness from the Phelan government
may result in the re-establishment of track gambling
by the Mayor and Supervisors. .
The charter has proved no safeguard against the
evils it was advertised to cure, and its fate is another
added' to the long list of proofs that politicians who
do protest too much are to be distrusted, and that
good government depends not so much upon its form
but upon the character and unselfishness of its admin
istrators.
= "In the hands of its friends" the charter has come
to look as disreputable as a cast-off poultice in the
garbage box of a hospital.- Government under it has
been made costlier and less efficient than it was under
the consolidation act v.'hen administered by able and
public-spirited men.
Every pretended safeguard of the charter has been
breached by them, overleaped or undermined for the
purpose of playing personal politics or rewarding the
"push."
It is time to inquire whether their respect for the
public will was a sham to get favor and votes, or
whether their advocacy of direct legislation was fanat
ically honest. The evidence is decidedly in favor of
their hypocrisy. Populism and socialism had a few
votes to be caught 0:1 the initiative line, with referen
dum bait, and these politicians merely fished with that
tackle. Their idea of government seems to be that it
consists in trying to fool pirt of the people all the
time, trusting to the numbers of the indifferent to get
through successfully:
The party to which they belong made its last na
tional campaign on a platform that cried aloud for the
initiative and referendum, and would not be com
forted without those provisions for direct* legislation
and the immediate -impression of the people's will
upon the law and its enforcement.
/Vyi AYORPHELAN and the^men who are in
/ \ control of the present government of this city
* * were very influential in making the new char
ter. All of the peculiar features of that document are
due to their influence and advocacy.
THE PEOPLE'S WILL.
THE SAN FRANOISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1901.
6
ADVEHTISE^ENTS.
Qr»r.d Operm-houfe— "A Hufbana'* Honor.**
Alcaiir—'-What Harr«=e4 to Jcoet."
Colunibtii— "£««..••
Ttvoll— "Wiiard of the Xlle."
Crritr»l-r'T"h« > Girl I J>ft Behind lit."
Cs::Tott:ia-' The Village Tarson."
Alharr.bra-iI1n?trels.
Olyrr.p'l*. <-orn*T Mason and Bd4r »tr*et«— Specialties
Chutes. .-Z-bo and Tteater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ever.irc .;; ;- : ' '
"nsc.hcT'*r-Vauil«-ir.e.
tSttjrap&Jftn Terri!*— T"Re Henscteis' Recital to-morrow
fcTtPrnc^n- " ¦ ' " . -
Mrcfaclcs: ravilior— Trains Animal Show Saturdaj-.
CalU^rrii Jockey Club lOakland)— Races.
. " Tar.foran J'sric— Races.
AMUSEMENTS.
NURSING MOTHERS
want Scott's emulsion of cod-
liver oil, almost without ex-
ception/ So before they get
to be mojthers, eating for °t\vo
is no small tax,- continued [i6i
months. . ° ... :
Tne emulsiori riot only' is
food itself; it gives strength
for digesting usual 0 food.
If the milk is scanty or poor,
the emulsion increases supply
and enriches quality.
We'll send yea a Iktle to trr if tou KVe.
SCOTT & BOWSE, 409 Psarf«i««. Nearer*.INSOLVENT TUBA FARMER-E. E. Law
sen, farmer of Woodland. Volo Cnunty. filed a
uotltlon In insolvency in the United States
District Court yesterday. He ewes $1373 "3 and
ha? f 90 50 assets. , ..
The Supervisors then met as a commit
tee of the whole to discuss the water rate
question. A voluminous report from
Chief Engineer C E. Grunaky was on
motion of Supervisor P.eed ordered print
ed, so that tne members might have an
opportunity to read it at leisure. Grun
sky values the plant and properties of the
Spring Valley Water Company at $24,667.
800, while Chief Engineer Schuasler values
them at $15,000,000. The values of the
Spring Valley system as found by Grun
sky are divided as follows:
Pilarcitos system SS54.0O0
Ban Andreas 1.153,000
Crystal Springs 8,642.000
Locks Creek aqueduct ...^.. 36S.00O
Searsville system 148.000
Alameda Creek system 2,S05,000
City reservoir and pipe system. Includ
ing meters but not services.... 4.S38.00O
Property on hand \ 312,000
Lake Merced.' drainage and dams.... 232,000 i
Pumping stations .:.. 1.135.000!
Real estate, city, reservoir sites 654.000
Oth?r city real estate 933,000
Land outside cf San ¦ Francisco, ex
clusive of Lake Merced lands .'.... 4.SS5.500
Rancho Laguna de la Merced and con
tiguous property ....;:r.'.rrr;".T.Tr.."7:^^l,927,ioo
Water, rights in addition to. those in
cluded in land values' 810.000
For value due to the fact that the
- business ¦' of ; the - water ¦ company is
established at : 25 per cent of • items
Xos. 7 and 11 and part of 10 1.400.000
Pipe and other material on hand and
not included in abov« 95, COO
Total .......?. .:'.'. ..$21,667,800
The report deals* extensively with the
city . distributing system and points out.
where it 'might be ¦ imr»roved ; » in; many
ways. "While -Grunsky places the ¦ total
value - at $24,667,800 he admits that the
franchises and water rights owned by th*
Spring Valley Company have values that
would brine the : amount; nearer -to that
fixed by Engineer. Schussler. v
Further consideration of the lighting
question was then continued until to-mor
row afternoon, • when it is probable that
the rate will be fixed. Some of the Super
visors are said to be in favor of making
a. cut to $1 35 a thousand cubic feet.
E. C. Jones, chief engineer of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company, was
equallv positive that' his company had no
interest in either the Central Light and
Power Company or the Equitable Gas
Company, i He explained that while his
company produced gas at a cost of forty
eight cents a thousand feet in the holder,
it cost more to distribute it, as the pipes
covered the whole city, while the other
companies are confined to small districts.
"These small companies have the cream
of the business," said Jones. "All that
we ask is a fair deal. Any rate lower
than ?1 40 a thousand cubic feet will be
unjust. We are now engaged in an un
healthy competition that is a serious
menace to our business." .
"Don't you know as a fact," asked the
Mayor, "that the San Francisco Gas Com
pany owns the controlling interest in the
Jfiquitable?"
"I know ns a fact that it does not," an
swered Naphtaly.
"I cannot," replied Naphtaly, "I know
nothing of the business affairs of that
company."
"You make a prortt of 30 cents a thou
sand cubic feet." remarked the Mayor.
"Can you explain to the Supervisors how
it is that the San Francisco Gas Company
claims that it cannot sell gas at less than
$1 40 a thousand cubic feet?"
"It costs us about 50 cents a thousand
feet in the holder and between 65 and 7U
cents in the burner."- . \ ¦ .
"It is not,"' answered Pauson.
S. I*. Xaphtaly,' manager of the Equit
able Gas Company, was called. He tes
tified that the stock of the company Is
now S2lllng at from $3 to $4 a share, but
does not pay dividends, . as the earnings
and profits are being used to extend tne
plant. Xaphtaly satd that the company
cleared $32,WJ last year on aa Investment
of $304,000.
"At what price do you sell gas?" asked
the Mayor.
"One dollar a thousand cubic feet," was
the reply.
"What does it cost your company to
manufacture gas?"
"Is it not a fact," noxt asked the
Mayor, "that the 60,000 shares distributed
to the Central Light and Power Company
stockholders reaiiy belonged to the San
Francisco Gas aha Electric Light Com
pany?"
"They were not sold." replied the wit
ness. "They, were distributed among the
shareholders of the Central Light and
Pcwer Company as a dividend."
"When were they sold?"
"How many shares of the Equitable Gas
Light Company stock dGes the Central
Light and Power Company own?" asked
tne- Mayor.
'The company owned 60,000 shares at
one time," answered Pauson.
Jacob "W. Pauscn, secretary of the Cen
tral Light and Power Company, In answer
to questions asked by the Mayor, testi
fied that the company he represented is
selling light and power to the San Fran
clsco Gas and Electric Company. He
could not state how much power and light
the San Francisco Company bought, but
he estimated that the bills amounted to
between $4000 and J5000 a month.
The Board of Supervisors met in special
session yesterday afternoon and resumed
the Investigation being made preparatory
to fixing gas, electric light and water
rates for the coming year. When the
lighting matter was taken up Mayor Phe
lan called Supervisor. Hotallng to the
chair' In order that he might conduct the
examination of the witnesses.
Several of the Members of ths Board
Are Said to Ba in Favor
of Reducing^-Price
Of Gas.
Corporation Representatives
Make Pleas Before Su
pervisors.
GAS AND WATER
RATE DISCUSSION
Captain Herbert, TVinslow of the United
States transport Solace, who, on Sunday,
defiantly refused to allow customs inspec
tors to board "his vessel and search for
smuggled goods, of which there were a
goodly quantity, has been indirectly re
proved by the Secretary of the Treasury
and must-submit to the Ignominy.
The auletus to the gallant naval ofneer
was given in a telegram received by Cus
toms Collector Straiton • yesterday. It
reads as follovra:
Collector of Customs, San Francisco: Cus
toms officers are authorized by sections 3O>1
and 3CS7. Revised Statutes, to board and search
Government vessels on which they au-pect
there are' ffoods, -wares or merchandise im
ported contrary to law. Be governed accord
ingly in the "natter.
O. U SPAULDIXG. Assistant Secretary.
Collector Stratton al once notified Cus
toms Surveyor BDear cf the order of the
Secretary and - furnished him vrith tho
necessary papers to enforce the authority
of the Collector, notwithstanding the pro
tests of the captain of the Solace. At 3
o'clock yesterday afternoon Deputy Sur
veyor St. John started for Mare Island
with eight = customs searchers to invade
the Solace and unearth whatever smug
gled goods there may be concealed upon
her. The search will be instituted this
morning and that it will be thorough go-?-*
without saying. Thero have been inter
cepted already on the way from the trans
port to the wharf tiiirty-nve packages?
containing dutiable goods. One small
package alone contained dutiable Jewelry
of the. value of $200.
Captain Winslow on Sunday declared
that he, could take his Bible, oath that
there were no dutiabie goods on board.
He has since then sworn off swearing.
There may be more Tabulation In store
for Captain ' Winslow.. The customs peopl.»
say that the discovery of the smuggled
articles thus far proves that he is guilty
of a violation of article XII of section 1621.
which provides that nc person connected
with the navy 3hall under any pretense
Import In a public vessel any article
which is liable for the payment of duty.
I.Iust Allow Customs Officers to Board
His Craft to Search for Smug
= gl ed ¦ and Contraband ; * . °
, "••„ Articles.
The Protesting Captain of
Transport Finds That
He Transgressed.
WINSLOW GETS
LITTLE SOLACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1901.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
NOTE— No telephone or mail orders accented.
EXTR\ i*AT!NEE TO-DAY
Addition to the
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
MRS.
LESLIE CARTER
After Her London . Triumph,
As ZAZA in
DAVID BELASCO'S PLAT
Seats for second vreek ready to-morrow.
PPJCES $2. M 50, II, 73c and 5?c
flVHEATRE H>
LAST WEEK 0E
"What Happened
To Jones,"
MATIXEES SATUUDAT AND SUNDAY.
Next Week— Augustin Daly's Countess Guckl."'
BELASCQ *"* THALCS^tftt.
"'. Phone South 53*— — ; g*
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening This Week.
MATINEE- SATURDAY and SUNDAT.
Mammoth. Production of Belasco and Fylei'
.Great Military. Play.
THE 613L IUFT BEHIND ME
Iroduced Exactly as Seen at the Academy ot
. ".. Music Nen- Ycrk.
fbe Greatest tnd Most Elaborate Production
Ever Piven in This City.
1 , First ADpearance at This Theater of
1.ORENA ATWOOD and . ¦ '•<
I '. ., : ; .-.. . CLIFFORD DEMPSEY.
DDirCC-ll Evenings.:.. 10c, 15c. 35c, 50c
riUvtJ || Matinees '^...lOc. 13c, 25c
NEXT /SVrBK^"THE BLACK FLAG."
RACING i; RACING ! - .RACING !
IDOO-rWiKTER : MEBTING-^1901.
CALIFORNIA . JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Raio Or shine.
Five or more -races each day, » • -
Races start at. 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Frandsco at 12 m. and
l!:S0. 1, 1:30. 1, 2:30, and 3 p. m., connecting
with train? stopping at the entrance to th«
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladl«s and their escorts; no sraoking-. , Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. AU trains via
Oakland 'mote conneot with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also hU trains via Alaroeda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric car*
go direct to the track in fifteen- minutes. , . :
Returning— Trains leave the track at *:13 ani
4:45 p. m. and immediately after; the last race,
-. ¦ THOMAS II. WILLIAMS 'SR-. President.
R. B. M.ILROY..' Secretary. . ,% "_•.'¦
MECHANICS^ pXviLION
**. lV— DAYS— is! " , '
CommenciaK NEXT SATURDAY. , March 2. •
Performances at 2:30 and &=p. toj Dally. ..
NORBIS & ROVVB'S
BIG TRAINED ANIMAL SHOWS.
'•The more 1 see. of dogr the less I think of
man."— Dr. Johnson.
300-PERFORMIXO ANIMALS— 3P0.
The Greatest Aggregation of Educated Animals
in the World.. .
Clephants. Zebras. Goats. Sea Lkms. Ponies,
Monkeys. Dogs. Ant Eaters and Zebua. £ *
Firet Time In This City of Mr. Winston and
His 'Wonderful School of EDUCATED SEALS.
the Most Marvelous Animal Act in the World.
HERR SETLER. the Famous German Animal
Trainer and His Small Clown Elephant.
A Grand Free Illuminated Street Parade Win
Be Given Friday Xlght Next at %
o'clock. Bring the Children.
Sect sale opens at Pavilion Friday 10 a» m.
PRICES— ADULTS. Z5c; CHILDREN. 10c. '
TWO LAST APPEARANCES
THE HENSGHELS.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE. ° ¦ „
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON.
SATURDAY AFTERNOON.
' *3:15 o'clock.
Reserved seata 50c, . 73c and $1. Seats now on
sale at Sherman. Clay & Co's. o
PACIFIC CAT CLUB EXHIBITION
Of Angora. Persian and Siamese stock will be
held at /the - residence of Mrs. . George Law
Smith. 2226 -Jackson at., on February 27, from
2 • to a In the . afternoon and 7 to 10 in ' the.
evening. Those interested are cordially in-
vited. >
/; AMUSEMENTS.
GRAN E5- OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAT ar.d SUNDAY.
'Al-L -THIS WEEK. ¦¦:'¦'.
SPECIAL. ENGAGEMENT of the Farorita
, Romantic Actor, ¦ •'
MR. HOWARD HALL
' Ia the Drama of His Own Composition. ¦
"A HUSBANDS HONOR."
A Striking Ir ''ent of the Piece Will Be Mr.
Hall's Entry Into a Den cf Lions to
s-ecure a Lady's Glove. ¦•
PRICES— 10c, 13c. ISc. iOc. ¦ : .' • •
A Few Frcnt Rotvs in Orchestra. 75c. - •
Gcod Reserved Seat In Orchestra at All Mat-
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE EMPORIt'M.
NEXT WEEK-"AROUND THE WORLD IX
EIGHTY DA YS.". .- . . - •.-,¦-.¦¦-'
THIS EVENING ! AND ALL THIS WEEK.
I ' fllllllti l = I ' c Only Matinee Saturday. -
, A "A Truly Beautiful Story. Well Told."^
i!R. W. E. SA.\KE\'ILLE PRESENTS
"TilE VILLAGE presented by a j
nin( , Alt ., CLEVER COMPANY \
I PARSON." OF PLAYERS. [
. *A play that Is fllle<i with Intense hunxn In-
terest. Beautifully staged. You will wish .the
evening ybtmg, that you might see It over again.
EVENING..! 25c. SOc and 73c; '•
t, MATINEE.. 23c and BOc!
Next Sunday Evening:. March 3d— L.ET^3
-. MORRISON'S .Magnificent Production of -
rjAI ICTi,;;.'.. Company and Production
rrVDol ...... .Direct From New Yorlc.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WED.) Feb. 27.
P.irqutt, 2Sc, any seat: balcony; 10c: children,
lCf, any part except reserved. ; *"
VAUDEVILLE'S MOST PROMINENT
HEADLINERS ! -;
ROBERT HIlLIARD & CO.
KATHBRINE BLOODGOOD.
JOHN LE HAY. THE BROTHERS BARD.
A. L. GUILLE, Dl'MOXD'S MINSTRELM.
AL AND c MAMIE ANDERSOS, ' KELCETT
SISTERS, THEoBIOGRAPH, • "\ , ¦•
EVENINGS AT S. MATINEE SATURDAY
CROWD THE HQtTSE JTIGHTI.T." ' - /
"THATS ONE THING A WIZARD CAN DO."
wizArp)
%MlLE!
FERRIS HARTMAN aa, THE WIZARD.
"HOOT MON" WHELAN as THE KINO.
POPULAR PRICES .........23 and SO cents
.. "Telephone — Buah' 9. . . ¦
- — Phone South . T,0.^— .
Ttrt WJ I r* M T» AND ALL THIS WEEK.
1 VF-l~Hjll 1 MAT. SATDAY. ONLY.
THE BEST. GRANDEST. BIGGEST!
AI H FIHin GREATER
AL VJ» r 1 DL17 MINSTRELS.
' The Entire PerrormarfCe « New and Novel to
This City.. " - -:': .-.; -'
RO-PEOPLE-ALL ARTISTS— 5O . . .
SEE— The Novel Street Parade, Daily 11 a. nv:
Open-Air Concert. Alhambra- Entrane*.- .
EVENING..... 25c. 3.%o. JW»e and 7.1<».
MATINEE ......1.1cv 25c..35c and 5©c.
SPECIAL— CALIFORNIA THEATER.
• Next Sunday Evening. March 3d— LEWI3
MORRISON'S Magnificent Production cf : .
TT A f |Ci'T».:.Comnany and Production •
r /A.LJO I ...Direct From -New York. . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,'
TANFORAN PARK. . '
Continuous Raclns. Beginning- Monday. Febru-
ary 11. 1901. • ; '. ¦ ;: '.
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAY.
Six Stake Events. Three Hurdle Races and Six
• • • Steeplechases. V , ¦ ". ' ' \
FIRST RACE OF THE DAT AT JilO P. M.
j Trains leave Th-lrd and Townsend streets for
! Tacroran Park at 7. 10:40, 11:30 a. m.. 12:40. 1.,
' 1:30 and J P. m. Trains leave ¦ Tanforan Park
tor San Francisco at 4:15 p. m.'., followed after
'. the :ast race at Intervals oJ a few minute* by
several specials. Seats In rear ears reserved for
ladles and their escorts. Admission to- courts.
! lnciutjlnr railroad fare. Jl 25. „ ' £
: MILTON" ,S. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWAP.D POWERS. Racine Secretary.
CHUTES AN^Ob 1^?^^"
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILt
TO-MORROW NIGflfTTBE: AMATEURS
Anda Ladies* Running Race; .
.•.--¦ ' • • " • .-/
° o 0 Telephone for Seat*, Park n. • ;. ;
B l TQ°rWl7R'«s CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOUil£<n D Admission JOc. ;-.'
Fiechtrs Tyrolean Troupe. Antonio and, Con-
cblta Martinei. The Leanis. Rosco and Sims.
Ruth Nelta, Gertie Amsell and HlnrichsS Or-
chentra. Resen-ed Seata. 25c. Matlnea Sunday.-
n A I A n r These hotels po*-'
rAl nl.r sess' the attributej
°, tourists and
Ann , travelers appreciate
UlIU — central' location,
P D A M fl 1 o manage-,
UnAllU ment, modern ap-
linTri O pointmenti and
HOTELS, &&?•;££:
Sail FrindSCO. ropean plans.
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
S - of railroads.
Office. 30 Montgomery street.
¦ Presently, the Inequity cf keeping a man'*
contribution to the reserve on a policy which
had laoeed and ceased to' be a liability, and
the current cost of which while It waa in force
he had folly paid, began to be none clearly
*een and mere generally understood. "Non-
forfeiture" " became one of the etronrest com-
petitive attractions. Companies vied with each
ITon-Forfeiture.
In'.rlew of the lack ocf experience and the
rrr.ail amount cf business, aad following again
Ergllsh precedent, Cl\ider.<!s were made only
¦it.'' the". end c of five-year periods, or wera not
¦begun on' any policy until It had run. flve
jrars. T*e profits froia forfeitures, the -high
ravis of Snterest and° the tarings from the low
cxper.ee rate,_ all contributed, in the carefully
managed companies, to make the dividends
unexpectedly Janfe. It wu not many years
before ar-irial dividends became the general
practice. •
Tifty-flve years ego there was no local busl-
r.ees experience to be. puided by. -The com-
rades organized etxrut th'at time took as a
go-file" the experience of the English cempanies
as belr.g QmX, rr.ost c likely to be repeated here.
They /assumed the mortality shown by the
actual '^xp^rienc* of seventeen English coin-
r-aaies. c ».per cent annual Interest and a con-
elderab!*" t ir.ar?I?j or- "loading" for expenses.
Tr/e'.r pjans were very few and simple. They
reaJiz*d that t^ie' right business of a lite ln-
eur&nc* ' company was to insure lives and to
nmke their insurance erwt the premium-payers
esilttlf .as ¦possible 1 . Ccmrfil5«iocs and all ex-
penses Wfere pitched on a low scale, ilates of
interest »et» fairly high. No provision was
r:cde for any; return oa lapsing policies. If a
pre^Jura was = not paid all former payments,
v ore forfeited to 0 the company, no matter how
larpe the reserve or surplus that had been ac-
cumulated _ from them. This was a very large
? ouree cf profit, but a great cause of cora-
r-lainj en the part of those who had to give
•Vjf their policies, especially after they b«gan
to learn that not only had their premiums paid
the cost cf the'.r bolide* up to the time of
lapse bu°t= had alro provided a reserve fund,
r.hich was for the future protection of their
policies, and was. therefore, not needed by the
rompany when these • policies lapsed and
ceased to be a liability.
..." • Dividend°Periods.
But that 4s not all that is of profoundest In-
tereft as we "stand at the beginning cf a now
era. To 6ee 'clearly where we stand to-day.
antS what the propriety of our attitude", past
• r.d present; it is necessary to review the mala
feature*' of the development *cf the * business
of life .Insurance during the fifty-five years of
our corporate existence, which covers practlc-
felly' the whole history of the business ia the
Vr.lted Ets6tS.V : . . --. \
These results- of mere than half a century
Kve been equaled by no ether American" com-
pai;y. Xo.ojher' company has returned to its
policy-holders- ' as large a proportion of their
raym"r.ts:>o, cth.er h()Ua aa' large a propor-,
tion of It* Interest Income in reserve; no-'other
fc»t, done -its business at sr> small a rate" of
exper.se. It has dene more for Us policy-hold-
ers, ar.d at' less coet to them, than any ether
company. • " *.*•--.
Life Insurance Past and Present.
¦ ¦ The -monetary, r>art of the story is soon told.'
In- ¦fffty.-five./years we have received from our
¦njemtrt'T-s.'.fqr • ordinary, extra jend annuity .pre-
rr.lunis /'jiii:4i2. W't have returned to
them-.f or. <feath' losses, endowment*, annuities,
turfenderjid . '^xSIiclcs and dividends, j;jT,73S,-
. IU'61.- or S£.££-".per cent. For Interest, rents
and -_prbfit Rs;d. lo«s we have bad $36,S20,5{* 59;
* total Income- of P0t.lfi2.ClS 45. .Of this earn
J2 -T.7.S«.i:i SI' ".has been returned .to policy-
}.m.ts. as Just stated: jr:,&0<»305 €3— only -9 per
cen:— 'has g~ne tor e^penses; S1",«1S,175 &5 ha*
f one .-for taxes* and the balance, $6i34>,022 29,
forms part *>fVour (cross assets, J54.&43.1T6 15.
covering-- present o liabiiit|es and surplus. The
jayihcr.ts to "poiicy-coMers and the gross as-
" Eets ¦ Eggxeg ate jtr:2,7e»,:?T «, or 12S.SV.per cent
of the receipts from. pollry-holde.rs.
Years.
"V>at. in'thaf tlxne, have we d^ne: hsw effi- j
rcr;.'; have -we accomrlish»d the one srvice j
:;fe insurance alr-ne c." 1^ render; how do j
v.- ¦ ; j-.dcy stand aiidresfe-J to the b*?t rend t- j
:~f f .that eervic.e in the future: how far are !
.f:r ¦ haf«f . jlans and methods responsive to J
¦zl.Mt Sj^na; n««J which Iff.? Insurance sets Jtyeir j
t • £-M-vy;,"a:;d loyal f7 thos«? 'acts and principles I
'1K~i}l£b.*,$bQcaaelTes unchanging, must always re- j
r.'.ain :tyt» .tasis ar.d test of legitimate plan and ;
iegtiimat* method; how. In rerpect ot these j
'Xi)ir.r&. - -do~B' our history ani present position j
: cojit raft, with those -of ir.ariy other*; and do;
w.; Eland condemned bythp*e, i'-.'.r.ps in which '
. s/- rr.r? liave succeeded' or JustiS^d by those in |
Tvh;ch. they have failed, but In which "we hive
Fuccef 'd<rd ;'. have tv« been, are we to-day. ,doing
rifht.cr wjreng; have we done, are we doing.
.the !b«t : that can be done fcr widows and cr-
Xhans ar.d for those who must pay Its cost?
financial \ Summary of Fifty-Five
The True Question.
.¦• r ."5S r lih this very brief review of the reneral
. feature* of the year's experience and railing
attention to the statement elsewhere of. the
cJpta'11* ..of cur financial operations and condl-
t son-;;' .we beg to afk your careful consideration
of. cVriain matters re'.atinc to cur own past
" history and to the pxlstinn condition* of the
!ife. "insurant* business, which seem especially
¦fuerCloetst and interesting as we stand at the
.rpgisr.in^ of a new century with a hiftory be-
fcird/j's; of fifty-five most eventful years.
."Fj^r- :',ri- that time there have been wrcu^ht
«m .a. tcaJe of unr«rsl!*led magnitude and by
r-.-r.y-.cJrnranies certain rreat practical de-
- ¦'. Vbjt fundamental principles of correct
pra£ll6i.;find of business morality upon their
nl^pirture from _whlr.h The Connecticut Mutual
: . • - a ar.d s'.ar.ds at tssue.
The Old Century aad the New.
It is cvr desire to g-o a* far ac perfect safe-
ty. »ri!l r^rmlt in maJntalcln* a steady .scale
cf ar.r.ualiy decTeasins cash c^rt. The-.greatee*.
ar.drr.cst uncertain factor cr^ratln^ajta'.cst
us is the 'continued tendency to * fail' in- inter-
C5t. .for- seeing which. *«, nineteen yea-re agrv.
chanrei our calculations from the bafls of 4
I ' r r «r.t annual interest to that oT only J per
cefflL. The or.lv measurably controllable "fac-
tor* affecting- our ability to earn or save sur-
plus ere. the d*ath rate and th« ,'expecse. ac-
DGiofct, in reF^ect cf these, the. care' In the se-
: Jectie?n cf risks en-I the prudence and' economy
¦ traditional ' with The . Connecticut Mutual are
et^.a-ii-'y rr_air.tj!irt<»d.
Steadiness in Dividends.
¦ TORY AND A REVIEW OF RE-
• SULTJNG CONDITIONS.
T^ XJ>e Members: .
• The of the y^«r «*». whil* favor-
,*Y'>; was !n rio way especially remarkable Jn
UAibastHen cr rr^rr*ss of the company. Its
rWeJf incidents may b* very 'brUfly furmnarized:
TjpGrm.Jtta a fair ini-rrau* in the premium in-
. orr.» "ana in the amount of Jr.yjran<-e in force;
a* frt irany years r*-** * ! '* rates of Interest on
tf^irabl* M*curi?!»!' *r i .'-«' > 4 a fVMfal tendency
downward: tKe*Cat«c3o«ttrt of rr.orrpsres. which
fOr-<«»dal yr»i<- r.Ii.-iwlrn the pe.nlc of 1R3*
¦way fcr'cor.sf£erah> amount*. *ho.re<l a change
lor. -the better. «;th an increase in the *aU«
of -. f orerlof'd prc&eriri'th* exper.ye ratio has
t»*n :k<*r>t at its a^ual low limit. mv« ia the
es ; • r.fp* Ijttauicd upon foreclosed real "state,
• hhrh fcave been cens'.fierable ia order to put
' er.4 *-fc»er the rr*V rties in cood condition pend-
> tnm ; Mle'«r.d ¦which wUl <Ji*appe»r es «ales take
p!»cf ; the rr.Ttallty ot the year, while «ome-
wr&t tieirler thsn that of IS"?, was to far in-
jg£e :>» !otsi»s rroviSed for by car tables that
ti>*- c if s.> the amounted to $4:3,361; the market
jrsfcteajoC securities, which had ruled lover for
revc-aj years following tr.e panic of 1S33. wen?
trv ?r*at measure recovered; fcr two or three
!«?--? we have been abfe to earn less eurpius
th tin fcr rr.anr previous year*, during- which we
k?"}_ l^n e'.nwlj- accumulating Email items of
tjrrpicita exess of our usual dividend, which.
Ibr'jxdsl *u"h times cs have besn experienced
#:•;.'« :S33-4, become available to maintain for
gte'-jptcaeBt the same fciph dividend scale as
Tcr. r-.ar.y year* j>a.<=t. end until the interest raie
ar/i ether condition* which affect the surplus
TtittaiBg, ability of alt companies shall be more
¦Cf finitely settled and the necessities of the
iu:ure can be better juds-d. . ' .
¦£¦•; rcsujme of interesting hi«-
COMPANY.
m CONNECTICUT r?.
liffiili INSURANCE
Fifty-Fifth Annual Report
ADVERTISEMENTS. I'}. ..;•¦
A GOOD DEAL 0 OF NONSENSE
About "Blood Purifiers" and ''Tonics."
Every drop of blood. o #very bone, nerve
and tissue in the body cario-be renewed In
but cne way, and th*uMs "from^wholesome
food properly digested. There Is no other
way sr.d the Idea' t)iat*a rnedicjhe In It-
self can purify the bjQod or supply new
tissues and strong nerv - ea is ridiculous and
on a par with the foi-de-rcl- that, dyspep-
sia 1 or indigestion is at germ disease or
that other fallacy, that a J , weak stomach
which refuses to digest food can be made
to do sr> by irritating ¦ and inflarntng th« ;
bowels by pilis.and cathartics. ¦ . -
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets cure Indiges-
tion, sour stomach, gas and bloating after
meals, because they furnish, the digestive
principles which weak\stomach9 lack, and
unless the deficiency- of; pepsin and dlas^
tase ia supplied it is useless to attempt ta :
cure stomach trouble by the use of "ton-
ics." "pills" and "cathartics" which hav»
absolutely no digestive power, and their
only effect ia to give a temporary stimu-
lation.
One grain of : the. active principle In
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will digest 300>3
grains of meat, eggs and similar foods,
and experiments have snown that they
will do this in a, glass -bottle at proper
temperature, but of course are much mora
effective in the -. stomach. •.
There Is probably no remedy so univer-
sally used as Stuart's Tablets, because it
is not only the sick, and ailing but well
people who use them at every meal to in-
sure perfect digestion and assimilation of
the food. '}''-]' .'.•...
People who enjoy fair health take
Stuart's Tablets as resrularly as they take
their meal*, because they want to keep
well. Prevention is always better than
cure, and Stuart's - Dyspepsia • Tablets da
both; they prevent indigestion and they
remove it where it exists. The regular
uso of. one or two of them after meals
; will demonstrate their merit and efficiency
! better than any other argument.
Our amount In force has slowly risen from
Jlil.301.5SS in 1£?5 to $161.5f)6,eCS; our assets- from
f54.3S3.649 95 to $64,965,178 15; meanwhile we have
returned $17,202.S20 45 In dividends and have in-
creased our surplus from $4,557,977 91 to J7.131.-
34S44; and, notwithstanding the /act that, by
rcason of our few lapses and the persistence of
our policy-holders, our business has attained an
average age far greater than that of the de-
ferred dividend companies, with their enor-
mous lapses.- our mortality has been Tar Insld's
that predicted by oiir tables and which ,we were
prepared to meet. , ¦
That !s. not the kind of "dry rot" that de-
stroys its victim or impairs its .vitality, i , It
seems more a process of sound growth and
fruitrulness than that of decay. It is not the
size of the comrany, but what it -dees, for its
policy-holders that most concerns them. We
have not been racers for size; we have strlvei.
for th? hishest quality of performance. Thote
of .our members who are Insured in other com-
panies know how far we have succeeded. We
are many' times more than large enough for
absolute stability and for the accomplishment
of the highest results to our policy-holders.
We shall be glad to extend our service to suoh
wider clientage as we can secure without in-
creasing the cost of our policies either to the
new or to the 68,000 present members, who are
our first care, ¦ * - .
It Is with such a history of performance atul
of fidelity to tne standards, rewarded by un-
paralleled results to o\tr members, that we of-
fer orr service and our simple best endeavor
to those whose families need protection and
who "themselves wish that protection to be
secure, nnd to ray onlv its lowest cost.
Re?r«tfully submitted,
JACOB L. GREENE, President.
llartford. February 9. 1301.
The Tide Turned.
As a device for invsstment the scheme has
failed; as a device for cheapening the Insur-
ance of even those wbo live to test the hope
deferred it has failed. For the simple annual
dividends of the Connecticut Mutual, with no
speculation ; in them, 'tire exceeding the . out-
come of the estimates; and no man's surplus
and.no family's paid-up insurance has been
taken to do it with. Let an example serve:
Fifteen years ago one of- the deferred dividend
companies issued a $10,000 fifteen-year endow-
ment policy, at- age V». at a premium of JC7S »O,
on an estirrtate that the dividend would- be
$49S0. In its settlement. Just made, the divi-
dend, was only $2010. Was It worth while, for
this 40 per cent of &n estimate, to run the
risk for fifteen years cf losing all? The same
year The Connecticut Mutual issued a policy of
the same kind, amount, at same age, at a
premium of $6S9 00. annual dividends, which
the insured > preferred to leave with the com-
pany to accumulate until his policy should
mature. His dividend. Just paid, is $3163 SO;
and neither It nor his policy has been at the
risk of forfeiture. * ¦- "
Failure of the "Investment."
And all this was not without "effect. It
hindered our business. From 1874 to 1SS5 our
amount at risk declined from $1S5,36«,633 to
flSl.301.SS8 before the tide turned. "Dry rot"
was alleged to have set in, and the extinction
of the company to be in sight. > Meantime we
went on educating a clientage to the I Idea of
Insurance for Its own sake and at | Its lowest
cost, recast our ; premiums . and : reserves for
new business on a 3 . per cent* interest basis
in • 1882. and H were laughed ; at for it— though
all ): are >. now - following ; that ¦ lead— bided v our
time, and • waited : for the . results of j long de-
ferred dividends to appear; and they have ap-
peared as already, narrated, in a steadily: dim-
inishing stream.
Effect on Our Business.
Even ." the extraordinary persistency with
which our policy-holders have continued on
has been, ignorantly perhaps, alleged as" a
danger because older men die faster than
younger; as if the calculations of all com-
panies rnuat net and did not amply, provide
for the' whole mortality of its membership
and not merely for the younger or middle-
aged part of it. ' ... y
It is In the great multitude of lapses and
surrenders that' the companies offering "In-
vestments" ' hops for a. profit; it is by the
staying solidity of our membership that we
can get those best results which we seek.
However . agents of I other companies might
strive against each other they have Joined to
atuck The Connecticut Mutual. Insinuation,
depreciation, slander, can do In a moment
and by a word that which much time and
many v.-orda may fall to undo. The abundant
defamatory literature > of other companies has
been supplemented by the highly paid services
of certain Insurance Journals.
The position so steadfastly held by us and
the t ffoi ts we have made from year to year to
net forth the simple truth and expose the true
character and evil cttsct of the demoraliza-
tion whose growth ¦ v-e have here sketched,
have, ac a matter of course, brought upon
us criticism and misrepresentation without
stint. Success In setting business by esti-
mates, which have-not been half fulfilled, has
been cited, as the complete Justification of that
method. In the heat ot" speculative competition
we have been labeled with every epithet sig-
nifying want of enterprise, ultra conservatism
and lack of the modern spirit.
Adverse Criticism.
The Difficulties of Our Course.
It must not be supposed that the maintenance
of our position In all these matters has been
free from 'difficulty. The high commissions of
those companies have tempted away many of
our former agents and made It the more diffi-
cult to get others. Our agents with fair com-
missions, with no margin In them for rebating,
have, worked up business only to see it taken
irom them by men whoso commissions and al-
lowances are such that they can rebate from
60 to 100 per cent of the premium, and yet have
enough left to compensate their work. But,
happily, we have been able to get and to hold
as agents the men who take their work so seri-
ously that they will not tempt their client to
speculate In his family's protection, or, for
higher pay, place him where his policy will
cost him more than it ought.
We have refused to compete In this way. In
order to maintain the low standard of cost to
the great body of pollcy-hoHers we already
hav» we have kept expenses down to the old
standard, and added only such business as
could be l;sd on the came terms.
One of the moat striking Incidents of the last
thirty years has b«en that general and exten-
sive reduction of expenses in all commercial,
manufacturing, transportation and other enter-
prises, by which only have these enterprises
been ab'e to prosper in face of an unprecedent-
ed competition. Present profits are largely, and
often entirely, savings ,by reductions from
former expenses. Lowtr cost Is the strongest
factor In general business competition. So It
should be in life insurance, of all things. But
so It is not. The expense account of the com-
panies pushing the deferred dividend invest-
ment schemes is from twice to three times the
former. standard of the most prudently managed
companies. But, the dividend thereby affected
being so long put off, the fact passes long un-
noticed. When at last settling day comes, the
striking failure of the dividend to realize the
estimate Is explained on other grounds than
high commissions and expenses.
Insurance.
Holding such views, cur course has not been
optional. Our duty has been not to offer some-
thing else than fue life insurance on its own
right lines becauEe it could easily be made
popular, but to try to make the true thing
popular by telling the whole truth about I!,
by administering it in its true spirit, working
out Its own proper results in our own company
and letting these stand in Judgment against
the results of the expensive "investment" spec-
ulations. We have appealed oniy to those who
desire life Insurance only for the protection it
gives and not for the speculation that can be
made of It. Therefore have we refused to fol-
low any of th; methods of the speculators. Such
changes in policy plans and conditions as ex-
perience has shown to be. desirable have been
freely made. Every condition not found to be
necessary to the proper' protection of honest
men and the soundness of the company has
been eliminated. But we have not built with
on« hand and with the other prepared the way
to tear down." The Connecticut Mutual remains
a lite insurance company.
Expenses Cut in All Business but Life
Reason of Our Own Course.
The annual dlvlfl?nd Is a steady and powerful
incentive to prudence and economy. The de-
ferred dividend gives a wide and long opptrtu-
nlty for the extravagance and consequent high
cost which it was originally Invented to con-
ceal, and which have been further enhance.! .fry
the rivalry made possible by taking some of the
deferred dividend material to use in more vig-
orous pushins for business.
Annual dividends put the management cf a
company to a constant test. Deferred dividends
put eff that test to the end of a long period of
years. By. annual dividends a man knows all
the time just what his insurance is costing
him. With deferred dividends he cannot know
what its cost is until the end of the period. If
he llvo? and holds on; but if he dies before that
time it will have cost him too much by Ui»
amount of surplus forfeited, and if he lapses
it will have cost him too much by the amount
of surplus forfeited and also by the amount
of reserve forfeited to stlil further Increase the
surplus.
What Deferred Dividends Conceal.
The only proper reason for deferring divi-
dends Is either that there is nothing to divide
or that there Is something in the condition uf
the company or its business which renders a
division hlshly Inexpedient.
The cost of the protection to the man paying
for It is the difference between the premium
charged on the face of his policy and the sur-
plus returned to him. In this adjustment he
pays his actual share of the mortality and ex-
penses, and is credited with his share of an/
surplus Interest earnings. The savings from
mortality, expense* and Interest are determined
each year. Each year the company knows Just
what his risk has cost them to carry; therefore
each year the man -should pay that cost and no
more. In other words, as the cost of each pol-
icy is annually determined the surplus. If there
is any safely divisible, should be annually ro-
turned, so that only the actual annual cost is
annually paid.
Annual Dividends, and Why.
These things are axiomatic, and certain defin-
ite and indisputable propositions grow out of
them. Our policies should be framed In every
detail to give the protection intended 4o? those
for whom it is Intended. They should not set
up a scheme of speculation in the forfeiture o£
that protection by those dependent 'on It, nor of
his payments by the man who has paid for it.,
The Inducement to a policy should be the pro-
tection it offers; the motive in taking it should
be the faithful performance of his "unavoidable
duty by him who has made others dependent on
his life. ' Business should be gotten by educat-
ing men to this standard of duty and of Its
performance, and not by changing the busine^
into something else and something which ap-
peals to selfish Interest first and leaves duty to
take its slender chance in a flve to twenty year
lottery.. .
It ha3 held to the cardinal facts: Life insur-
ance is for the protection of those dependent
on a man's life; their dependence makes it his
unavoidable duty. Those dependents we assume
to protect by our contract, at his personal cost;
our duty to them Is to make that protection as
large, as- secure and ns certainly available to
therr as poss'ible; our duty to him is to make its
cast to him aa small as possible.
During all the long struggle out of which this
situation has developed, and amid the many
fichemes devised to attract public attention and
favor to something else than life insurance, the
attitude and position of The Connecticut Mu-
tual has never been doubtful. • ? r . : ¦
offer him every facility to sacrifice to his
personal j convenience as large a part of. his
family's protection as he can borrow; and, to
crown all; 1 the fight between the- companies
which do all these things is made mainly by
"rebates" -of premium*, carried to such a
degree that devices are now ' being adopted
which may, enable a company to dispense with
any legal reserve liability;, for the first year,
leaving almost the entire first year's premium
available for expenses; a device which can be
extended to any number of subsequent pre-
miums when the exigencies of competition,
which have caused its use to the extent of one
premium, shall have so grown by what they
haveflfed upen as to require an absorption of
more."
Where The Connecticut Mutual Stands
Obviously, euch m-lde discrepancies b«j»«en
estimate aad result. betT/icn fcrlUlo&t prospect
New Stimulants Needed.
In 1S7J they somewhat moderated their esti-
mate and put It at $S31 70; tout they paid only
$37> 70 at the end of the twenty years in 1S33.
They continued to make thls*same estimate
until 1S7S, when they again reduced it to $523 70;
they used the eame estimate, $«3 70 in 18S1.
and are paying In 1S01 oaly $257 70. The differ-
ence* between estimates and actual dividends
in the ten and fifteen rear postponements are
etill more striking.
As we have seen, r the calculations in 1871, in
the example taken, "promised a dividend in 1S91
of $1135 24. But the 1S91 result was only $433 79.
The -details of their failure are extremely in-
teresting.
Estimates and Results Compared.
But the- wisdom of estimates has not b»en al-
together JustiJW of her children. The rivalry
of the speculating companies in their etrug-Ie
for pre-eminence has led them to an unheard-
of expense. They have written an enormous
amount cf business; thousands of millions of
insurance have been lapsed as expected; hun-
dreds of millions of reserves and accrued sur-
plus have been forfeited as was hoped, nut
so much has been absorbed by hi^h commis-
sions to agents, by rebates and the many ex-
penses incident to an abnormal rivalry, that
the expected results have not appeared;, to this
the\ decline in Interest has contributed some-
thing, but comparatively little.
Estimates Fail and Why.
-Agents no longer presented life insurance for
the protection of families, but estimates of "in-
venment«" for the policy-holder himself. The
larger the estimate th« more eagerly It was
taken. Success made the companies promoting
the .scheme very aggressive. Instead of a
struggle for existence It beoame a race for size.
Iloets of agfnts w«-e employed to do the easy
work of selling a rr>ecu:atlon based on seem-
ingly rcientifle figures. The scheme took ho
widely that for a time it threatened to com-
pletely supp'ent and drive out true life insur-
ance administered to Its own proper ends. So
easily was it worked that gradually, one after
another, most of the companies followed more
cr ten completely jn the wake of the originat-
ors of the •Chan*, until "Investment" insur-
ance, depending for the "investment" on the
forfeitures to be made during the period of
-^..tponement" of dividends, is the dominant
feature with most companies. Their contracts
ar* no longer termed "policies." but are
"bands/' "gold bonds." "contracts of eale "
"debeature*.": etc At bottom they are all cne
thing. The dividend Is postponed on the in-
ducement that by the forfeitures of the unlucky
many, in the meantime the returns to th» lucliy
few may be correspondingly larce. '
The forecast was correct. People could not Et
once turn back upon all their convictions and
tense of Justice. But the glittering estimates
won their way, ar.d men put their own pay-
ments and the rrot«»ctlon of their families at
the hazard of the game for ten to twenty years,
with the distinct agreement, still in use, that
no accounting Fha'.l b«- made; each Irs to accept
as his true share.' ard without question, what-
ever in then allotted to him.
Its Popularity.
It was a bold scheme. The public has 1jst
been thorouchly educated to believe that surh
forfeitures were a gross injustice ani hardship
to the ro!':Cj--hf>Mer, whese payments were thus
confiscated, and to h!s family, which ne^ie.J
the protection of the paid-up insurance which
his forfeitures would otherwise have purchased.
Th« Injustice was palpable and perfectly un-
necessary in any healthy company. The hau'.-
ehlp was often notorious and severe, and none
had been noisier prophets of "equity" than
these very companies which now invited men
to take their two chances out of three of kp-
ing all for the one chance In three of getting
»o treat a slice of the fruits of the inequity
v.-hirh they had loudly condemned as Immoral
and cruel. The scheme was offered In the be-
lief that with very many the Immorality ni:d
cruelty would be lost sight cf if a sufficiently
brilliant speculation in their profits was pre-
eeated.'
The Attraction.
So it was proposed that persons insuring
ehould agree that fcr, say twenty years, they
shculd have no <liv1<ler.ds; that whoever lapsed
his policy during this period should forfeit to
the company all his contributions to reserve
and all the Furplus which had accrued from, his
premiums, and that In ca.«e of those who ill-»d
only the face of the policy should he paid, and
whatever surplus had accrued should he for-
feited to the comrany: that these forfeited re-
serves and surpluses should be put in a fund
apart until the er.d cf the twenty years .and
then divided among those then alive and still
ii/rured.
They calculated that with 1000 persons, aged
IT. insured for $1000 each, on an annual prem-
ium of ?*S 17, the forfeited reserves and j sur-
pluses of the 544 lapsing policy holders and the
forfeited surpluses of the 1C3 who died would,
at the end of twenty years, amount, with in-
terest, to $4^),7Tj 77. to be divided among the S53
•uppored to lie then alive and still insured,' giv-
ing each cr.e S1135 34— just about double what
each had paid for premiums during the twenty
years, not counting Interest. And they sot
emlnept actuaries to indorse the estimate.
For a typical example: Taking 1C00 persons.
Injuring at age 37. they calculated that in
twenty year? 544 would at one time or another
larse ar.d US would die. leaving only 3o3 still
Illustration.
; The basis of th» scheme devised was th<»
,y£rr fprfeltures which the cempanies had vied
with each ether in getting rid of in the name
iof ."equity." "Inequity" was revived for the
Fake cf its profits, put up as a prize for sotne-
bo4y t"). win- They tabulated and exhibited
ih«' lapses of their own dissatisfied policy-
holders, showed how laree an amount uf
money their contributions to reserve would
amount to, what a great sum these would ag-
Brfpote at the end of a long period of years,
end how f»w would be left at the end of the
period, and hew great a dividend each one of
Ui^s" 1 few would get if it were then divided
amor; them.
Scheme Based on Forfeitures.
Motive for New Schemes. •
Conspicuous among the competitors of that
tira4 were certain companies which were trying
to'tRsht their wpy to the front by such high
commissions and other considerations to.
trents as should draw them, away from the
more conservative companies, and so build up
agfney forces that should dominate the field.
Put the'.r high expenses made such low divi-
dends where those equaling the better com-
panies had been premised that no agency force
could hold their policy-holders, and their busi-
ness betran to decline with alarming rapidity.
The high expenses could net be gotten rid
of without o;f*s!nff th* agent*. There was for
them no ot\»r attraction. Therefore, the only
ffcape from th» fate of so many others lay In
some schrrr.e to get the dividend question out
of .the way for at least a long time; such a
scheme was soon found.
The r r *vi'' i; J s decade had seen the formation
ef a multitude of new companies which copied
the plans of the rider ones and. promised to
repeat thpir success. But. In order to attract
acent* and get busln* fs. they found or f»lt
themselves cfmi^Hed to pay puch commissions
to nrcats. nnd to Incur such other expenses,
as to absorb, not only all their surplus, but so
much of th»tr reserves as to p»nd the moat cf
th<»m Into bankruptcy. In the. late '80's the
cry had been that no properly organized life
insurance company could fall. The early "id's
showed that conduct was quite aa vital as
organization; end that' the expense account
could bleed to death the most correctly organ-
ized concerns, and they died by the d'bien.
New Departures.
"As an alternative to annual premium pay-
ments .d-jrir.g life, rates were made for the
rj.yir.tnt of all premiums in a limited period
of ream, as. ten. fifteen, etc., while the policy
covered the whole term of life.
Ufe endowment policies were Introduced, to
cover a certain term of years as an insurance.
*nd payable at their face value at the
end of the term If the Insured survived it.
Where the policy term was long enough to
cover tht period of life when one has others
dependent oh him. and the policy-holder was
so young at the outset as to make the endow-
ment part of his premium comparatively Email.
and so Ions as the companies kept their ex-
l>enws down, this kind of policies served a
fairly good purpose, although the endowment
feature costs much mere in a life' insurance
company than in a savings bank, because of
the much higher rate of general expense.
Along theee ceneral 1!d<-s. which, within
Judicious limits, were mostly lines of distinct
improvement, the development went on with-
out any striking divergence from certain ln-
dlMmtabl* universally accepted principles gov-
erning sound and equitable practice, until
about 1S70.
Changes in Plans and Premiums.
ctber In doing "equity" to a lapsing policy-
holder. • ¦;:¦•'¦ -f
Out cf all this the situation as respects the
life Insurance business — that which is offered
the public in its name and the -methods by
which business is promoted, by a great ma-
jority of the companies— has developed Into
this: There is practically no attempt to sell
life Insurance as euch and at annual cost; It
Is not offered unless men Insist upon having
it, and the agent gets but a very small com-
mission for selling It:, the companies push and
pay the high commissions for. some eort of
"Investment" bond or contract; the essential
feature of the Investment Is the forfeitures
which can be worked into it. This takes time;
eo dividends are deferred for five, ten or
twenty years— the longer deferred the" higher
the commission — In order to secure as many
forfeitures as possible. All contract safe-
guards against even wholesale frauds are
practically abolished, and the protection of
honest policy-holders is left to what the
various courts may regard as expedient for
public morality. The companies are, : by the
annual cash value, putting their corporate | in-
tegrity and the validity of therr '. Insurance
contracts completely at the. mercy of those
who, for personal convenience or_ in a; panic,
may wish to withdraw, taking with , them the
good lives which give a safe average mortality
and the funds which alone make the Insurance
contracts secure. By "loans on policies,"
which are rarely paid by the borrower, • they
Present Status of Competition.
For Instance: A man Insured at 25 for $10,000.
v.-lth an annual premium of about $215. would
pay for forty years before he could borrow
$5030. His policy would then be virtually cut
in two, but he would still pay his $215 and
5 per cent interest in advance— $233 .more— In
order to get his reserve back Into his own
pocket; and when, as is often the case, tiring
of this, he gives up altogether thero Is little
or nothing left to give his family paid up
insur5r.ee. which, but for the loan, would
probably have asriounted to $7000 or $8000.
Another and kindred liberality is "loans" on
policies, by which the policy-holder has the
privilege to borrow his contribution to the re-
serve, pledging his policy aa collateral, paying
or noupaylng his debt as he pleases, and he
rereiy pleaecs to pay. This was adopted to
meet the stock argument of the assessment
companies — that a man should pay each year
only the mortality cost for that year and keep
the reserve In his own pocket.
This again Is a seeming liberality to the
policy-holder, but not to the family out of
whose policy the loan must finally be paid.
No one who has seen the hardships and the
disappointments to families caused by such
settlements can covet the task of having to
make them; no man who stops to realize what
it means to hl3 family can willingly leave such
a ehadow on hU memory. Life insurance is
a sacrifice of one's self for the imperative
and unavoidable duty he owes his family.
Loans and cash values are the sacrifice of his
family for himself.
The liberality to the policy-holder himself
is less than it is made to seem. Under the
usual forms of policies the reserve increasps
so slowly .that no coneiderable sum could be
borrowed until after many years.
Loans on Policies.
The whole theory of life Insurance and all
its calculations are bared on the duration of
its insurance contracts to natural maturity.
Onl> so can it fulfill its special purpose, secure
that average exj>erlence which gives security
to its undertakings, protect Itself against
those fluctuations of mortality and In general
financial conditions which might otherwise be
destructive of a company's existence; and only
no can the business be handled In a manner to
give the lowest cost. The annual cash value
makes It possible to wreck cr cripple a com-
rany In a year. Its policy-holders may all
withdraw, or so many of Its healthiest lives
may withdraw, taking Its quickest and best
assets, leaving only impaired lives to cause an
abnormal death loss to be met with reduced in-
come ani poorer assets, as to leave it unable
to continue business with advantage or even
B&fetjV - That Is no true liberality to those
whom life insurance undertakes to protect, for
whom it was created and for whom It should
be administered. Life insurance companies
cannot serve as savings banks without danger
of destruction or of serious Impairment in effi-
ciency for their own special purpose. However
willing they may be to take up their policies
for cash when the conditions make it conveni-
ent and tare to do so, an agreement to do it
at any time and under any tonditlcns adds a
deepest element of danger to the 1 future.
Another liberality ir the "annual cash value."
by which cne may, any year, demand back
from th» cempany his contribution to the r<-
Eerve", thus at v.ill changing the transaction
from insurance to a savings bank deposit.
Annual Cash Values.
Another liberality Is permission to destroy
on»'s self in any manner and make the rest
pay for it. No company would, in theee days
R.X. l^fift, oontPFt s. c 1 £1 i m Rrow'lnsr out of & pu !•
cidc wluch was, undor any fair presumption,
the legitimate outcome of disease. But the
cowardly suicide of a fane man— and there ate
many of them— ia a distinct frau.l against men
¦who have the courase to live, and the honor to
fight the battle of life fairly, and stay by their
lamllies.
Liberality as to Self-Destruction.
There is, however, such a thing as "public
morals" and a "public policy" In regard
thereto; and the courts are In the habit of
regarding fraud and contracts permitting
fraud as offenses against public morals, and
forbidden by public policy, and of dealing wlih
cases of fraud accordingly; and it Is not prob-
able that. In the end. fraud in life Insurance
will be found to be less fraudulent, more laud-
able, or more conducive to commercial and
public . morality that fraud In any othex mat-
ter. If the courts permit it in life insurance,
they must permit it in all transactions. They
can permit it in any care only if there it no dif-
ference between right and wrong, and if the
truth and \ lie are of equal moral and com-
mercial value, and of equal safety for the
public. Permission to any fraud is an invi-
tation to all fraud.
Will Courts Permit FraudP
The first "liberality" proposed was that If
a man could conceal his deception for a year
or two. or thre*?, his policy should be "incon-
testable." no matter how gross the fraud.
Rivalry has caused such liberality that now
some companies call their policies incontestable
from the very outset; if the deception once
passes muster its later discovery will be dis-
regarded.
Incontestability.
¦Another means of stimulating busings has
been the rivalry in "liberality." It beftan in
dropping imoreor less of the defenses against
fraud. Fraud may be committed In two ways:
The applicant may deceive the. company by-
false statements as to his .family or personal
hif-tory. habits of life, present .condition, etc.
so that It Issues Us contract when . it would
not have dene so had It known the truth, or
Issues It at a different rate from what It would
have charged had the' real risk been disclosed;
or, he may willfully destroy hi? own 'life. caus-
ing less when there should have been none. All
these things, If successful, cost; and the cost
Is borne by the policy-holders who do not de-
ceive and do not willfully destroy themselves.
It Is therefore the duty of a company's man-
agprs to protect honest policy-holders against
such frauds and losses. When one is asked to
make a contract based on the statements of
the other party to it. he has a right to know
the truth of them and to be absolved from his
promise If they prove to be false. That is the
simplest equity and morality. That is the rule
in even* other kind of contract.
Competition by Liberality.
Agents have been attracted and stimulated
by commissions and allowances from two to
five times what they were thirty 'years ago,
and have, in their turn, used these to stimu-
late the public by giving away in "rebates" *a
new blood whatever was necessary to secure it,
until. In many of the companies, a new insurer
can get— ir he stands out fcr It— a rebate of
from £0 to 300 per cent of his premium, drop his
policy at the end of the year," go to another
rival and repeat the procers each year, eo lcng
as he Is willing to take the risk of being abje
to rass a new examination.
This makes business easy to get but hard to
kfep, as the lapses of such. companies show.
Commissions and Rebates.
Much criticism of the forfeiture Investment
schemes, as a gross injustice alike to policy-
holder and beneficiary has led the companies
to adopt forms of contract as remote as pes-
elble from life Insurance, policies in form, and
called by every sort of name suggesting "In-
vestment" instead of insurance.
Concealment of Forfeitures.
CONN. MUTUAL LIFE INS. CO.
and comparative failure, pointed toward the
ultimate break-down of the speculative attrac-
tion, and other novelties of plan and practice
began to appear by which to incite agents and
draw the public. .
COXX. MUTUAL LIFE' INS. .CO.
CONN. MUTUAL LIFE INS. CO.
CONN. MUTUAL LIFE INS. CO.
CONN. MUTUAL LIFE INS. CO.There was a fairly good trade In oats, with
a narrow range of prices. - I May closed *ic
lower at 25%f 2a»4c " ¦ > . •; ¦ •'
Moderate activity characterized the corn
market during the first hour, but thereafter
the market for this cereal .ruled dull. May
closed >4c lower at 41c. *
CHICAGO. Feb. 26.— Wheat was* s Irregular in
regard to price. Traders evinced a disposi
tion to await something distinctly Indicative
of a change In crop conditions before 'assum-,
ing i their stand. Outside business was con-'
eplcuous by its absence, and to this was due
the, declines which followed every advance. 1
I,on£s merely waited for them to unload scat
tered lines. May opened H©Uc lower to un
changed at 764c to 76U#76%c, influenced some
what by a report that the Kansas wheat
acreage would be 7 per cent larger than last
year, with the plant In excellent condition.
Light Northwestern receipts and a short-lived
commission house demand sent nervous shorts
to cover, and May rallied to 76%@76»ic. : This
bulge tempted realizing sales, and, as the
trade, was keeping an eye on the declining
corn market. May fell off to 764c At 'this a
leading operator absorbed 750,000 bushels, bid
ding the market back to 764c in so doing.
More long wheat was for sale on this advance
and May again declined, closing a shade down
at 76V;c. '¦'¦-:¦'¦<¦
Chicago Grain 'Market.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December—
2000 ctls, SI 04%. • - ¦'.'.
• Second" Session— No sales. '
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000' ctls,
9f-%c; 2CC0, 994e: 14.CC0. ,C9%c. '
.-'Afternoon' Session— May— 2000 ctls, 994c. -
BARLEY — The- market ¦ continues • without
animation.' and prices stand as before.'
Feed. 724c for choice bright. 70*B71Uc for No.
. WHEAT FREIGHTS— Continue" duJl and
nominal on the spot at 2Ss 9d as a fair quo
tation. The chartered wheat fleet' In. port has
a registered tonnage, of .27,236, against 51,130
tens' on the same date last year; disengaged,
57E6 tons, against none last year; on the way
to* this port, 135.100 tons, ' against 174,560.
WHEAT— The Eastern and foreign^ markets
/still .'enow little variation from day to day,
and the foreign markets pay very little attsn
tlcn to the dally American fluctuations. Brad
street's reports a decrease In the supply east
of the Rockies of .1,392,000 bushels and in Eu
rope and afloat one of 2.0CO.C0O, making a to
tal decrease. of 3,592.000 bushels. , >
" Chicago was firm with , light receipts, with
operators bearish and speculation light. "The
market seems to be - governed by strong par
ties, who sell on bulges and buy on breaks.
Stocks in the country are decreasing, and the
n-.lllers are taking all offerings at good prices.
The " domestic situation seems to be getting
bullish.
The local market is 'dull and unchanged.' ; -
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 93c; milling. 074®
$1 024 per ctl. ¦ . ¦ ", .t
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S34
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S8>i
Sterling Cables — 4 $94
New York Exchange, sight — 174
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 224
Silver, per ounce — 61"
Mexican Dollars, nominal..; 50 @ 61 •"
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
• ; The rivers are f alltP-g -flo'.-nM-y' Ih-UteTbasM : and
rapidly in the .ropur.Jaln'f:X ¦At'Sacrartjenta -the
ftage Is a ftft. a fall of.;-2..pf iafoct in rw'eoty
four hours: at Ran Joa-quin. bridge, n.3"fcei a
Tall of .5 of a.foct; at Mary.afltie.-lw- -feet and
frllm?: at Red nidfr. J4 r: feei arid falling: at
T<tutr.a, 10. c fept'^nd raJllng;'; -"at rojuea, -IJ'3
feet; at Waterfr!rd,-'-6'-T...feef-afid' falling.- - ! .
For*>cast ma<5e at Sari Fifandsco'-'tor;. thh-ty
,hr«ir* enditi? n3idnlrut,,.F.eViraar>' H'.'wi'i
. For N^rthrm t'flllforrifa^^ouay .Wednesday"
.w;ith showers, in +X1 rrme .T!6rth/»rn portion ; C3a^
.tintifd warm: light northerly. -wind.: changing to
r out h wester! v. •••-., .;v" .•¦¦• '. ..-'-. • • ¦•
r'Fot Southern CalifbrTila^t:*lr.-' - Wednesday -
cor.unued «arm: lUrht northerly »^nd*. • : "
r.Fot- Nevada— Cloudy .Wednesday, with •show
er*, fn extreme ncrthern prsrtlon,; light southerly
_T^or.-rtah— Cloudy in .the ncrtherh ''.' portion
v.fcprraay. fair in the southern portion • '
fVu- Arlsons-Fsdr Wednesday. • . /
¦for SfcJJ Francisco and : vicinity — Ooudr
Tl "dnesdar. with light fog In the morning
jUht northrriy winds, clianping to Eouthwest
trb; cooler. . ALEXANDER O. MeADlE."
-. .-..'.".: • ¦' ' '. Forecast Official.
KOIiECAST
Th» prest-ure has fallen Vfewiy' oVsr tJhW 'rtoTtit
rm half of th" Pacific :<ioa*t and hf(S; risen" -pvej
th* southern halt;. A . dj«urb.ance:- -ejfists "*v ; er
Washington and ...Vancotiyiar ;lSfa'nd.-Vh'uf will
¦j'tobably move eastward. : <Ra4n has.-fal'ieiron
th» ooast from Car>e'M-end/icl-no' ¦norfh.werd..' 1 . •
san l-ranclsof. -Jaraj. '.Max'.ijvUrn temperature.
71-dt-grees; tninfmuni/ "Zl~. rrtean.'*l'« •¦¦.' l~' ¦•
WEATHER CONDITIONS ' : XXJ3 ''"•'GEXBML
NEW YORK, Feb. 26,— Despite the fact that
'.In-. In .London was 10s better, with spot cloc
in?, at - £121 17s Cd and futures at £116 10s,
owing <o light §peculative manipulation, the
local market for tin went off 25 points and
ruled quite weak throughout the session, partly
due to an absence of speculative Interest and
partly to the heavy arrivals at this port of
late. Th<> close -was easy at J25 SOJi'26 80. Lead
in I^ondon rrached the lowest level for many
.years., when .It touched £13 > 17s fid. at which
fisure' It- closed weak in tone. Locally, how
ever, lead was dull and unchanged at $4 374,
with sales of small lots reported at that price.
Copper:- 'remains dull at ?17 for Lake ana
JIG 62H for casting. At. London prices- were "s
Cd lower, spot closing at £70 10s. Spelter was
a shaue easier, but very quiet all day at old
prices. " ;-- • '
Nciu York Metal Market.
COKFEE— Spot Rio. market steady: Xo. 7 In
voice, 7'ic; mild, market steady; Cordova. S?J
U'Hc- Futures closed firm, with prices net 10
lower .tor* 5 -points, higher. Total sales, 29.000
hate*, including: March, ti 05<gf> 10; May $6 10
(#6 20; "July, $6 20fi6 25; September. $6 25*36 30;
October. ?•> 40; December, J6 55; January, $6 61.
SL'GAR— Raw, easy; fair reflnlnjc, 3 ll-16c;
centrifugal. 5*6 tpf-t. 4 13-16c: molasses sugar,
3 7-16c. Sales, 15,000 bags. Refined, dull.
BUTTER— Receipts. 11.894 package*; steady.
Fresh creamery. 17824c; June creamery, 15@
2t»jc; factory, ll&loc.
E«GS— Receipts. 10.561 packages; irreRuIar.
AVeFtern at mark, 17*i@lSc; Southern at mark,
DRIED FRUITS.
Very little In the way of new business was
transacted In the market for evaporated apples.
Exporters are holding off for concessions and
the Reneral tendency wae toward a lower level
of values, though prices were quoted at last
{¦ifrht's figures. State common. 3%1}4*ic; prime,
4%fe5c; choice, 5^66°: fancy, 6(g7c.
«:allfornia dried fruits were dul and steady.
PRUNES— SM38ttc. >
APRICOTS-Royal, 7%»12c; Moorpark, SH@
PEACHES— Peeled. 14®lSc; unpeeled, 6Ufl0c.
WOOL— Quiet
WHKAT— Receipts, 35,100 bushels; exports,
1C119 bushels. Spot quiet and easy; No. 2. red,
81c f. o. b. afloat; No.' 2 red, 73\4c elevator:
No. 1 Northern Duluth. 87»ic f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Duluth, 91%c f. o. b. afloat. Op
tiens "opened easy under disappointing • cables
ar.d lack of support, rallied on covering follow
ing predictions of Bradstreet'a world's visible
supply statement, but again turned easier un
der local pressure, owing to disappointing ex.
port demand and closed en^y with prices 4c
net lower. March, 79 : -»G794c, closed 73%c;
May. SOAiQSO 7-16c, closed SO'.ic; July,79?4©79' ; ic,
closed 79"^c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady. . •
New York Grain and Produce.
ir *
NEW TORK. Feb. 26.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20.146 barrels; experts. 6545 barrels; fairly act
ive and steady at unchanged prices.
• The following -.areVtlie^;Bea«Mal';rainfalli.tp'
date, as compaTeS with' i)i<sse":6f- <Ve.Vanie •<J«V
lest season, ar.d. «*ln»mn';la^th^; ran;. tWeHtyj-foHf.'
houia: . .:':¦.- -'i-r'-ii . s.-~-'.u ¦'¦-'¦• -is''' i--~ ".'~X'-:'" ..
SAN FRANCISCO;- Fefr 25: WW-^'p."^;
<i:--th ¦ M^riilan^Fai'Jfie: Tftnel).
Weai)ier\#!C$6rli
j ¦"Almonds are in fuil.bloota'in. inany. secM<jns.
and early peaches/ cherries ".4jn4,"*p.rlpots are 1
tfofsoming In eoac places;-.- .-The':' season r Ij^S
been ve,y propitious thus 'far. -fenr- all-decidu
ous fruits, on hards ..and- -.vineyeii-is:' «re : in
good- t-on'lltion in . all sectioBs.' Oirange shlj)- 1
inents. -continue.''. ¦¦<-.'}¦¦¦ ¦ - ¦¦¦' ': ; ''. '..' V-s" -'./'. •': -:
"Except in th»> Routhera section the soil is
too wet Tir tu'.tlvatJon. and it is probable
there- wi!l be hut little more grain .planting.
A .large acreage h&s already been »own..-h9Wr
evr-T.- ar.d pra.-p^cts for ' heavy ".-' crops .were
.never better. Grain is in eitcelfent. condition
in'mwt sjectionr. but would -T>e". benefited bj:
sunshine and wavm weather.- The- ' Southern
coayt cour.ties and ail of Southern- California
hs\» b<i^n remarkably .b*-fiefltr4 by the'favor
abl" conditions this season, 1 'and , • larg< crops'
are confidently pxnw-txi, ' .: " ¦¦¦ : "¦' - '•-. '..'-' *'. d
"The temperature has been considerably
above the normal In all parts of. the State
during the week. The rainfall in the central
and northern sections ha* been unusually
heavy, and. having been accompanied by high
fenr-eraturrft. has causo-d a rapid melting of
the fnow in the mountain districts. As a
re«uli all mountain streamy, creeks and riv
ers have b<vn running bar.k full, and in some
places there- has been an overflow of the
liver*, but the damage thus far has not been
serious. A few prain fleMs have b»en flooded,
bat it is believed the water will run off be
lore wrious injury is done to crops. In the
southern part of th* State th«> rainfall has
l>**n Fcattcrtd and lUrht and haj* not inter
forwl with farming operations. The seasonal
rrx-ipltatjon m all ]>arts of the State Is now
tbov.? normal arvi considerably more thsn at
this date last yt-ar.
The TMkly report of A. G. McAdle. section
Erector of the climate and crop ser\ice of the
Weather Bureau, is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
"Escept/.fer a cc-ntinaed' . jBKJjJ^rate. int'enwt
in fpex pri:nes bcsir.ess in this" department to
day wat . ratitr <juiet. and .'.ltnaited • to light
fcuvif-g on fmtil Jobbing. <DrSers. to "in«*t the
r<>quirericr.ts of the fijstnbthihg -:trad*. ' Jn
prunts spot' s-jppiie* are reported ta.fce cleajii
ir.g ur. and, •ahile the business dona:' has agj
eregated » corffid«?rable ' imoveinenl, - ttere • da**
not appear' ta be - any .' marked ... iispopltion
imor.f holder* t-omaimada: any-.settl-ei jiiee
baris. The pressure ¦ to «ell. aJr«<iy: *»veral
tln".eF noted, continu* 1 .*. though, -in .a lees -pre**'
ing df*ree. except en eizes 70s :t<> S0s;.;these
be:nsr somewhat neglected at xto* momtnf/ '.On
<0s io < r * 1 little inclination toward. fi.rrr:!>ess
is noted in pome quLrter*. but, business-, has
teeri dcr.e en the 4\c b»E!s for good* in
pooad boxej> in a jobbing way. ' We hear- -of '¦
e. little buying frcm the coast from outside
l-.oldere at lrom %c to %c belo-or. t"he opening
ta^if en .V* to €(*. sr>* to Ha and 5Ca to 10C«.
Tte' tmiHCHloa prerula that stocks ¦ of .outr
>id* goods ar* in fair supply, ana that enough
is hel4 to meet lK/st-ible requirement* here for
tome time to come. In <">regon p-runes a.liltle
buiine** doinp en the 6c basis for 30s to 40s and
£4e fcr 4'* to 50s. Some business'' Is aleo
Eoteij in Jf/is to U0m California prunes in HO
pountl brsps st C%c en the spot. With stocks
<.$ Ali ¦^ttcrspiicne on the Fpot somewhat light
t much better feeling ha« b»en engendered.
3 .':i'f. r..~ at the moment continue with little
feature. A moderate businepn is dolr.jr In two
and three crown grades on the basia of 5\c
for the first and 6c to €%c for the latter. We
h<»ar r-f rr^-rtf of two-crowa grade being of
iT-i down to .". ; 3 c. but, if available, rhe n«an
tity ;s Lt-Iieve-i t" be sir.-ill. The fltuafSon.
htwtTtr. in view jf the !ig!:t buytrk' interest.
is<juiet and n^t conducivt to flnsno^. fcom»
foui-»-r.wn m-is^atcls Bte -'ftrrlrg. bu: the
<ier..s.nd is lifrht. London layer ratlins show
if dull. Arricois ar* tavrtDf in a rmall way
and r f a<"b»5. f?ncy srad>-». are firm. In cur
rarsti- the market continue* quiet and without
imrT-rtant change. A firm feeling is ncted
:n Pa-rrAE advic-e*. but the outgo here is such
fcs xo prevent any sympathetic improvement.
Petes are oufn ar.4 romfwhat inactive. Figs
rh<vw a better movement, but we h«>ar of no
advene* in prices. In nute the demand is
chiefly Xor err-cll lots. We hear of Fome bu«
ne?s in Jordan shelled almond* on the S4c
l-aF'.s. and a luile business !b reported in stock
to arrive next week tt S34c. In ether lines
the trao> is quiet."
s'ew ; Tork mail a<Jvices ¦ ea y :
Dried Fruit iiilNeiv- York.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing j
sold. bid. j
Board—
22,100 Atchison / 56
8,000 Atchison prefd M
2.400 Baltimore and Ohio S7H
2"0 Canadian Pacific 90%
2.7"0 Caneda Southern 56^
800 Chesapeake and Ohio 394!
2.600 Chicago Great Western lS^t
21. W) Chicago Burlington and Qulncy — li*S
3.'-v> Chicago Ind and I^ouisvllle 294
600 Chicago Ind and 1-ouisviUe preM 67"fc
1.WQ Chicago and East Illinois 106>,
5>X> Chicago and Northwestern 172
13,700 Chicago Rock Island and Pacific... 123%
K0 C C C and St Louis 754
3.200 Colorado Southern M,»
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 43
1.400 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17*g
2,500 Delaware and Hudson 165 j
Delaware I^ackawanna & Western. .194
1.200 Denver and Rio Grande 39Vi '
100 Denver and Rio Grande prefd 86 7 g
6.900 Erie 27%
1.W0 Erie 1st rrefd 63%
MM Great Northern prefd 194 I
S00 Hooking Coal 15
2<xy Hocking Valley 474
1.2<"O Illinois Central 131%
400 Iowa Central 26%;
1.2C0 Iowa Central prefd 53% I
200 Lake Erie and Western 41 ;
... Ijuke Erie and Western prefd Ill
I^ake Shore ...i 210%
S,4"0 Louisville and Nashville 92U
10.600 Manhattan L -. 117
7.0(0 Metropolitan Street Railway 1604
1.200 Mexican Central 17
2.700 Minneapolis and St Louis 73
1.3C0 Minneapolis and St Louis prefd 108H
6.2CO , Missouri Pacific ...'. SS%
: 400 Mobile and Ohio 7*4
1,500 Missouri Kansas and Texas 20
13,K<V Missouri Kansas and Texas prefd... £2%
Soo New Jersey Central.. 155
5.200 New York Central 143%
2,200 Norfolk and Western 45 v»
100 Norfolk and Western prefd 82%
29.400 Northern Pacific .....:.. 8J!i
..;...'. Northern Pacific prefd 87%
3.2<X> Ontario and Western 31%
........ Oregon-- Hallway and Navigation... 42 ;
...;...' Drfigon-. Railway and Nav prefd.... 76
' 'J.OOO' 'Pennsylvania \.lti
¦ ?;.400 Reading '. 30%
¦JS.3W. Reading. 1st nrefd ...,.......*......... 70%
. •6jWJ.';'n<»adinsr 2d rf?fd "... 40%
c . c 'Rlo Grande Western ........'. 65
::.:..; Rio Grande Western rrefd ;." 93 ,•
3,100 ?t. Louis. and San Francisco... 35%
.'.;.-.,"... 'Fl-LouIs and S F 1st prefd 81%
• %.2(iO St' Louis and S F 2d:prefd.: 63"i
..'i'Sfp' <5t I^ouls Southwestern ¦.'......... 25%
' .1,-2rtQ:§t Louto Southwestern prefd........ 554
•ss.800 :st Paul •.'..:....'.; 152-4
¦ '•:. &<> -St' Paul prefd J. ..'..„ 159%
lf>ft, .St Paul and Omaha **.... -..'....- 126
-. -S;k&0 -Southern Pacfflc ...I...."..*.,. :. 44%
•C$306 -Southern Railway •.-.'..., .".''24%
' J4. f#) Southern Railway prefd '..'.: 77%
¦•-'.:4.-409 Texasand Pacific 27%
•22.900 r-riion fPaciflq ..V SS%
; S.9W- t:elon Paelfle prerd sl.".l. - £3%
• , «» :\y«U6h ...,..\ %;.»..:.. 17%
: &;VA ••Wflbasta prefd 1 .. 29%
.'• *0O\ Wheeling and Lake Erie ............. 13 7 4
• :IjBOH Wheeling and Lake-2d prefd .".'30
. "•; --.SCO-:: Wisconsin Central .'.'.. , :..• 18%
..:;.....• Tbltd; Avenue •„.¦... ,'.,- .'.11^4
r .v ..-•*» '•B.altimAre & Ohio prefd...'..........; S4 ,
;Lj*Oo fN.atiotial Tube' .....;.•....... ;tS
¦J.»e -SStipnal Tube-prefd^ ...*...•.. .".K2%
••-: ¦'¦',. Eapress,' coxnpanie,s-f-.
'..... •.i^.. < Adams ....... :>-.'.. K .^...)'.,...,; 130 -
::..y.\. American , :., J;.,:.,..-S.\ AS<>
: ::. „.-..¦• .United- States. : > . .; 57
;.,;;,.:_ '-Weljs-Fargo :...•' : ..-'.:.'.Z.i...i..lSi>
•'. • Miscellaneous— . :*-..;* *•
","— 300 A'rti»rtcaii Cotton OH: '..'.. -.v ,.»*21
'...i.'c.,, -.AnKirlcan Cotton OJl'-'prefd.-. S«
;-/i-.i~.. ;^mej1can Malting .•..". :..,. 44
.. -»;i , • -Atoertcan M.altlog prefd . /. ;. . . Jt
. -4J.JC0 -American Sme'IUrg--'& .Refln...-. ..•. . 04
"13,400 American Smeltln'g ; '& Refln prefd.; 91%
_.-..;'•...¦ American Spirits '.'.*>.. \. ..;.-, ; 21^
•.../-./; -.American Eplti.ts prefd ..'.-.: :.. 17
..¦•7S.2f* "ATh'rlc'sh' Steel Hoop" ..... .'- 234
'. 7;6<0 American Steel .Ho°ct> pr&fd ••...;..., s2W
173^/i3.^Atnerioan- St«e! and Wire...-.' •. 444
. : 9,r700: American Steel &Wtre prefd ...'... -31%
>7^200 American .Tin Plate "i... 1 '...: *.. r.i\
-¦ MvlCf*.' A'tiierican -Tin Plate' 'prefd. 101
."W).38O" American Tobacco -;—'¦- .,:.: 120%
.."•.,..: 'American Tobacco prefd *..'.i :..J40 •
¦ .l.JW. AnacondaXIinlne i;6~ ..-.-....-. '..•.•41%
IJ'.TW .• Brooklyn Rapid TraiisH'V,....."...^.. 744
. .7.;400.'Colorado Fuel &. Iron" "..,...' -. 4;%
' -36..400 '/"ontlnental Tobacco ". .•.'.. ;... '...,.:.. a\ n
"3,4W Continental' Tobacco ,'prefd' '...;. j)7«i
. fi4,S00 Federal Steel*. .:/..;..". 4S
P.t»0 Federal-Steel prefd"- _ : S7
:l£W General Kiectric .'.."..........'. 21
- ." -2T0 Glucose. Sugar '.*....;.......... 45%
)wi^ Gluccse- Eugar prefd ;... 33'
. r,**, imernadonal Paper .' :.., 22
• " • STV) . Iniernational Paper; prefd 71
• = 200 lAclede Gas ....' ft 7214
:"•.',' 40Q National lllscuit '. 3^
..".'•.... Notional Biscuit prefd ..'.... ! 9'n
- Pf«l ' National Leal ; 15
' 27,1*1 National Lead prefd '.. S3
2J\00rt .National Steel 4i;j«
• 6'* . National Steel prefd id'
¦ICfl-New York Air Brake , 154
COG North American ; :. 2*'U
¦ itlO Pacific Coast , 53 "
'Paclflc Coaft 1st prefd ss
Pacific Coast 2d prefd fc3
"• 3ld Pacific Mail 33
2.W0 rPeople's Gao '. jqO
• 200 Prepned Steel Car . 351;
o 3C0 Pressed Bteel «:ar prefd 73vi
100 Pullman Palace Car "....,.....137
J.. > Standard Rope & Twine 4
4,10« Sugar ...'.. Ittfi
5 100 Sugar prefd j;y j
33.900 Tennessee, -Coal & Iron 1 534
2.700 States leather....... 12%
700 States Leather prefd 74%
200 I'nlted States Rubber tjj
• 200 United Suites . Rubber prefd 60
3") Western Union %tfi' k
1.500 Amalgamated Copper 304
. 300 Republic Iron & Steel Co... J4%
. 2.400 Republic Iron & Steel Co crofd...... fk%
P C C 4 8t Louie ....w,.,,. fb
1.112.600 Sharea 80M. ; I
Amerlcan Hoop benefited by the operation,
while' Steel 'and Wire was a sufferer. But lt
was evident that the insiders who have had
time for mature calculation had done their
¦buying, while the outsiders were not inclined to
Jump at conclusions In so vast a problem. As
all 'of the stocks get from par to 125 per cent
of the new securities in the exchange, with ad
ditional' benefits in some cases, it is clear that
on a • basis of equal value for the properties
concerned in tha consolidation, the highest
priced Is National. Tube, which said last night
at- 106. while the lowest is American Hoop,
which nold last night at S34- Of the common
stocks, the highest is Tinplate, which sold last
night at C?. and the lowest is American Hoop,
which soM at "5.
i StI Paul was the most notable example of
strength, rising at one time 54 points over last
night. The Southern Railway stocks, Missouri
Peclflc and the Pacific and Western Railroad
stocks generally gave evidence of firmness.
Testerday's strength In the tobacco Mocks con
tlnacd. American Tobacco rising 3. Of the steel
stocks, fiteel and Wire was most under pres
sure, dropping at the last 44 below last night,
after being vigorously Rupported about 41 Tin
plate got back to last Thursday's closing level
but rallied a point, showing a net loss of 4.
National Tube Is 34 lower and the preferred 3
lower than last r.ight. Federal Steel lost 2U-
American Hood and the National Steel stocks
are the only ones that do not fhow losses.
Rullroad bonds tended lower in sympathy
with stocks. Total sales, par value, J2.610.00O.
United States new 4s advanced 4 per cent en
the last rail.
i ly announced were found Jn several cases to
I closely conform to the conjectural features
which have been current for eeveral days past.
WJth.- the exception of an upward dash In one
if- two of the steel stocks Just at the opening,
thsr« was no strength manifest in the group
during ! the day. It was a few minutes after
the opening. In fact before the official state
ment was given out.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed new,
3» lOVid; do old. 3s ll«;d. Futures, quiet;
March. 3s 94d; May. 3s 9%d; July 3s 8%d. J
¦ - . «
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 26.— WHEAT— Spot, dull:
No. 2 red Western winter, Js ll'.;d; No. 1
Northern spring, Cs *',4d: No. ¦ 1 California. Cs
2<3; Future*, etcady; March, os 114d; May,
Cp Id. •
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 25. — WHEAT — Firm;
wheat In Paris, barely steady: flour in Paris,
barely steady: French country markets, dull;
¦weather In England, partly clear.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 5-16d. j
CLOSING.
LONDON. Feb. 26.— Consols. 87 9-16d. Sliver.
2SVfcd. French rentes. lC2f 224c. Cargoes on
pcrsaK", quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 Stinrt-
J>rd California 21s 74d; cargoes Walla Walla,
2SV 9d: English country markets, firmer. .
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. Feb. 26.— Wheat quiet and steady
Bluestem, 574c; club, 53c.
WASHINGTON.
TORTLAN, Feb. 26.— Wheat-Walla Wall.%
5jQ'56c.
OREGON,
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. 26.— Clearings, $2)1.
9SS; balances, $61,106.
Northern IV heat Market.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK. Feb. «.— The first sales re
ported a barely steady market, with prices 1
point higher to 2 points lower. With the ad
journment of the call weakness developed, and
not \jntil May had dropped to S.93c -uas there
any Fifn of a rally. Thereafter the market
followed an erratic course, fldvancing to 9c
for March on Hurries of profit-taking by the
room-s< alnlng element, later falling to 8.93c
undtr spurts of general selling, and then clos
1ns n*ar tho high point i on rhort covering.
The clof>e was steady with pries net un
changed to 9 points higher, -the latter on near
months in the last few minutes.
Iron quiet. No. 1 northern, $15 aO'816 50.
Pig Iron, warrants, $9 50010 50.
iYctx' York Cotton Market.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices—Comb
ing superfine new, 70^73c; good, 65 l 967c; aver
age, 62@65c. e
BOSTON, Feb. 26.— The Wool market has been
fairly active this week, although the deal shows
that manufacturers are only buying to fill in
the orders. The market generally favors tho
buyer in the common grades of Territory Wools,
but the weakness does not extend to choice
Wools. The sales of Territorial continue to
head the list. Fleece Wools attract but little
attention. Australian Wools are. steady.
Territory, scoured bas-ls— Montana flne me
dium and flne 15tT16c, scoured 44ft45c. staple 47®
4Sc; Utah and Wyoming line medium and fine
H'S'loc, scoured 42W43c. staple 45tfM6e: Idaho fin*
medium and flne 13??144c. scoured 421243c. staple
45<546c.
Boston Wool Market.
SHEEP— Receipts. 13.000. Sheep stronger:
lambs weak. Good to choice wethers, $4'ff4 75:
fair to choice mixed, $3 7>>g4 20; Western
sheep, $4@4 75; Texas sheep, $2 50(53 75; native
lambs, $<@5 25; Western lambs, $505 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-dny 27,00«1, to-morrow
30.000; left over, 5000. Steady to strong. Top.
$5 60. Mixed and butchers. $5 V)>8i 60; good to
choice heavy. $5 B5@5 65; rough heavy, $:> 40f?
5 50; light, $5 40@5 60; bulk of sales, $5 50i&
5 574-
CHICAGO. Feb. 2«. — CATTLE— Receipts
3500, including 700 Texans. Steers steady to
slow. Cow market a shade stronger. Texans
steady. Good to prime steers, $4 95® 6; poor to
medium, $3 4O(5?4 90; stockers and feeders,
choice strong, others slow, $2 65«4 SO; cows,
$2 65'g'4 25; heifers, ?2 65^74 50; canners, ?2S2 60;
bulls slow, $2 40<Jr4 15; calves slow, $4@6 40;
Texas fed steers, $4f?4 90; Texas grass Eteers,
$3 35@4: Texas bull?. $2 50*13 50.
Chicago Livestock Market.
The combined stock of wheat at Portland,
Or., and Seattle and Taeoma. Wash., increased
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decrease, 1,592,000 bushels; afloat for
and in Europe, decrease, 2,000,000. Total supply,
decrease, 3.592.000 bushels.
Cora, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase, 961,000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 363.CC0 bushels.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.^Special cable and tele
graphic communications to Bradstreet's show
the following changes in available supplies,
compared with last accounts:
Available Grain Supply.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . . March. May.
Opening '.......T 5 US 6 %
Closing 5 114 « ft
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 19 S5 20 SO
Closing 19 70 . 20 65
Flour— " i
Opening '. ;. 25 50 26 50
Closing 25 35 26 40
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 22,000 26,000
Wheat, bushels 7S.00O 34.000
Corn, bushels 54S.OOO 227.000
Oats, burhels 405.000 160.000
Rye. bushels 6,000 l'.OOO
Barley, bushels 51.C0O 7,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was quiet: creamery. 15@234c; dairies,
l«@13c. Cheese, quiet, 10U®ll%c. Eggs, active:
fresh. 174c
Foreign Futures.
Cash quotations were as follows: Tlour. dull
and steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 70ff"34c; No."
2 red. 754<S76i / ic: No. 2 corn. 394c; No. 2 yel
low, 39V-c; No 2 oats, 23%®26c: No. 2 white.
27%«r.'9»ic; No. 3 white, 27@2Sc; No. 2 rye. 52c;
seed feeding barley, 47c; fair to choice malt-
Ing, 51 055c; No. 1 flax sewi. $1024: No. 1
Northwestern; $1 65; prime timothy seed. $4 40;
niess pork, per bbl, $13 95014; lard, per 100 lbs.
*7 4S®7 50; short-rib sides (loose). $7® 7 25: dr>"
salted shoulders (boxed), 6',i$64c: short clear
sides (boxed), $7 35^7 53; whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 27; sugars, cut loaf, 6.2?c; granu
lated, 5.72c: confectioners' A, 5.59c; off A,
E.44c: clover, contract grade. 111. .
Early Vegetables declining under increasing arrivals.
Xo further change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry in moderate receipt and firm. Game still tainted.
Oranges declining under excessive offerings.
Lemons and Limes firing .Bananas and choice Apples steady.
No particular change in Dried Fruits and Raisins.
Provisions quiet at the did, quotations.
Hides, Wool and : Hops about as before.
Mutton and Lambjhwer.': Beef and Pork unchanged.
Xo further •'* variation in Oils. ; .
Oil stocks continue qynd:-'. '¦_;]. ¦ \
Brisk trading iri local stocks arid. bonds. {• '
Silver lower. Sterling and domestic exchange as before.
Wheat and Wheat freights dull.
Parley, Oats, Corn and Rye' very quiet.
Hay and Feedstuffs as previously quoted.
Continued fair demand for White Beans.
Onions weak. Potatoes steady.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 26. -To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $130,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $145,50S,562; gold. 78;342,690.
Condition of the Treasury.
Prime mercantile paper. 3%g'4U per cent.
Sterling exchange firm, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 S7%'fj > 4 87% for demand
and at ${ SS 7 *^ 84 for 60 days. Posted rates.
U 5<4f 4 85 and $4 88.
Commercial bills, $4 S3S?4 834.
Silver certificates, 614@<;34c.
Bar silver. 61c.
Mexican dollars, 4SHc
Government bonds firm; State hond3 inac
tive; railroad bonds weak. '
NEW YORK. Feb. 26.— Money on call steady
at l*i©2 per cent.
New York Money Market.
LONDON. Feb. 26.— Atchlson. 57 T i; Canadian
Pacific. f3: Union Pacific preferred. SO; North
ern Pacific preferred. 89^; Grand Trunk, 7;
Anaconda, 9. Bar silver, dull. 2SVid per ounce.
Money, 4#3 per cent.
CLOSING.
On the markets here to-day business was
slack, the settlement being in progress and
money momentarily tight. Americans were de
preFfed on unloading by dealers who had
bought freely, expecting a rise after the New
York holidays. The close was at the worst.
A sharp spurt was given in the street. St.
Paul leading on reports of an increase of the
dividend. Th« advance did not last long, how
ever. Money rates were unaltered. The bank
continues doing the bulk of business, both in
loans and discounts.
NEW YORK. Feb. 26.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram fays:
London Market.
I U S Js ref reg 105% N J Cent gen 5S...13U4
i U S 2s ref coup.. ..105% N Pacific 3s 71%
U S 3s reg Ill N Pacific 4s 105U
U S 2s coup llli,£ N Y C & St L 4s..lOR
U S new 4s reg.. ..137*i N & W con 4s 102
U S new is coup...]37S Or Nav lsts 109
U S old 4s reg 114 Or Nav 4s 104U
U S old 4s coup. ...114 Or Short Line 6s. .128
U S 5s coup 114 Or S Line con 5s..ll6H
DIst of Col 3.65s.. 123 Reading Gen 4s.... 86};.
i Atchlson cen 4B....103\i R G W lsts 100%
Atchlson adj 4s 92 jSt L. & I M con 5s.ll6
Canada So 2d3 Ill <Pt L& S F gen 6s.l29H
Ches-& Ohio 4'is..lO6 s ijSt P C &. P lats...llSH
Ches & Ohio 5s....l21'? St Paul cons 1SS
C & NW con 7s. . .140 [S P C & P 5s 120%
C & NWSFdeb 5s. 124 Sou Pacific 4s 92}j
Chgo Term 4s 87 Sou Railway 5b 115'i
Colo Southern 4s... S4*,jStand R & T 6s.... 55
D & R G 4s 102 Tex &. Pac lsts.. ..1174
Erie General 4s.... ttU Tex &'Pac 2ds 95
F W & D C lsts... £3 Union Pacific 4s. ..106
Gen Electric os 1S1H Wabash Jsts 119>4
Iowa Central lsts.. 116 Waboeh 2ds 109
L & N Unl 4s 101 West Shore 4s... ..115'i
M K & T 2ds 73 Wis Cent lsts SS%.
M K & T 4s 97 IVa Centuries 95Va
N Y Cent lsts 107 • ¦
MINING STOCKS.
Adams- 20 (Little Chief 14
Alice 40 'Ontario 7 25
Breece 140 Ophlr 73
Brunswick Con... 25 IPhcenix' 10
Comstock , 04Va;P«jtosl 10
C C & Va 1 60 'Savage 10
Deadwood Terra. 60 Sierra Nevada.... 75
Horn Sliver 1152 Small Hopes 65'
Iron Silver 65 Standard 4 25
Leadvllle Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land 3
Call loans 3 @3Vj West End 94
Time loans 3404 Westlnjjhouse Elec 95U
Stccks— Bonds—
A T & S F 55TA!Atchison 4s 101%
A T & S F prefd.. 87% ;N E Gae&Coke 5s. 6S%
American Sugar.. ..135U Mining Shares-
Am Sugar prefd.. ..120 Adventure 13H
Am Telephone ....1614jRingham 20%
Boston & Albany. .254".:.iAmaIg Ooppt-r. 904
Chgo, Bur & Q... .144% (Atlantic 29*,
Dominion Coal 35% Boston & Mont 325
I>>m Coal prefd.... 105VjjButte & Boston.... 81
Federal Steel 454jCalumet & Hecla..S50
Fed Steel prefd 86% Centennial 244
Fltchburg prefd ...142V4; Franklin 23V-
General Electric. ...210%; Humboldt 50 "
Gen Electric prefd. 1S6 Osceola SS
Ed Elec 111 240 (Parrot 434
Mexican' Central... 17 JQuincy 1744
N E Gas & Coke.. 134 Santa Fe Copper.. "%
Old Colony 206 Tamarack 330
Old Dominion 254 t'tah Mining 33%
Rubber l^ilWinona 7
Union Pacific 88%' Wolverines 554
CLOSING BONDS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
ever bullish Influence these facts may' have
had, and the close was easy. May pork closed
12'^c lower and ribs 7^c depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— ¦ : Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— •
February 744 74*4 7<V4 74H
March.... 74H 74% 74>4 74%
May •. 781^ 76% 7614 76?»
Corn No. 2—
February « 39H
March 33U 39^4 SOV* 39%
May .;......;....... «^ iVA 4C% 41
Oats No. 2—
February ;. ... .... 24%
May; ; 25% 25% 25H . 25%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
February 13 90
May H174 1*17% 1* 07V4 14 07>i
Lard, per 100 lbs—
March 745 7 45 7 43 ; 7 45
May 755 7 55 7 47»4 Ai 50
July 7 674 7 574 7 55 -7 55
Short Ribs, per 1C0 lbs—
IYbruary 7 02H
May 715 715 7 07H 7 07V4
September 7 27»4 7 2V/j 7 20 / 7 22H
A decline, in Apricots is noted, and the" other
Fruits are dull and weak. It is reported that
30-40 Prunes are offering from outside hands at
C&6c. The' demand for Prunes in New -York
continues good, ;Thi» Kalsln market Is reported
In unsatisfactory condition, ; being neglected.
Nuts and Honey are without feature.
FRUITS— Apricots. 5©7c for Royals and 8^®
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4Jf3W;
sun-dried. l!i'5'2»ic: Peaches, Zfl3\^c for stand
ard, 4@4 1 4c for choice and 5#6c for fancy:
Pears. 2S7c: Plums, pitted, 4f?5c: unpitted. 1@
HAc: Nectarines, ffloMc for red and 3}i@6c for
white. ¦ 6 .:>¦-,: i-. - 3
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes, 3c: 30-40s. 7c:
40-."C«. e^ic; 5O-60s, 4Uc: 60-708, ¦ 3»ic : 70-SOs. 3UC*
K0-9Cs. 2%c: "90-lOOs. 2Hc; 100-1208. IVio: rubies,
',io premium; Sonomas He and San Joaqulns
Vic less than Santa Claras, exceptlOO and over,
which stand the same. »
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has "established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's ~ fancy. 12c .per lb: choice, lie;
standard, 10c;; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp-'
sons. . 9c per lb. s Sultanas— Fancy, lO^o per
lb: choice, 9Hc: standard. 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless. 50-Jb boxes.
6 l .ic: - 4-crown, -7c; 3-crown. 6^ic; - 2-crown. . 6c.
Pacific -brand, 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 5Vic, and
4-crown. B«*c; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy,
16-ounce, 7c; 12-ounce. 5V4c;' choice, lfi-ounce.
6^1c: 12-ounce. 5Uc; London , Layers. - 2-crown.
$1 50 per box; 3-crown. < $1 60; Fancy Clusters,
$2; . Dehesa," $2 50; Imperial. $3. "All prices f. o.
b. at common shipping points in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. S@10c per lb for" Italian;
Walnuts. No. t, softshell, ;iOc;:No.. 2, 7^c:No.
I' hardshell. Stjc: No. 2. .7c: Almonds. cl2g:i3c
for papershell, 9©llcfor softshell; Peanuts, 5
©6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts,
13c; Pecans. ll©'13c:Cocoanuts. $3 50(JT3.
HONEX— Comb. 13ij(gl4c for bright and 12>4®
Dried Fruits"; Nuts and Raisins:
Ten cars of Oranges are c annqunced' for to
day's auction. The feeling In this =frtilt '\a
very* weak, owing chiefly to .the large offer
ings. Limes are : scarce again, c as the recent
receipts from Mexico have about; passed- from
receivers' hands. Lemons contlue- firm, ". In
sympathy with Limes. , '¦'••',»' '.
Bananas are steady.' though there is 'no Jack
of supplies. Choice Apples conttiiue firm, and
stocks are continually , decreasing, as usual
at tills time of the year, r ",.•*:. •" • '•:
DnciniTot:s*FnuiTS— - .. -i
APPLES— 335?6oc» per box for common, 75cSJ.
Jl SO for. good to chotce and $t "3@3 for ;fancy.
PEARS-B-Icifrti oD per box. , ,.'.
CITRUS FRUITS— Naval Oranges, $l@l 73;
Seedlings, *>0c$i$l; Tangerines. 75c@$l'«0;--Japa
nese Mandarins, $1(R1 50; I^emons. Jl^l 25- for
common and $1 aO<!tt 23_ for good to choice:
flrapo. Fruit., 73c<ffl 50;'-. Mexican Limes, $7 oU
©8; .California- Limes, nominal; Bananas. 5i)c
dUl "per bunch for,:Island and $1-25<[?1 7S for
New Orleans; Pineapples, '7jc(g$2;p«r dozen.
Deciduous and ° Citrus . Fruits.
EGGS— • . , * s \
California Ranch— Selected White. 13c: .mixed
colors. 12c per. dozen. '".,'. •£¦¦ V
California Gathered— Selected, 12c; standard,
;" second.". * . '• ,
Fresh Eastern— Fancy/ — — ; standard,, — *-;
seconds," — *— , .; , * ' * '¦ . ° " o ' r -
Storage — California fancy : standard, — ;
Eastern fancy, , ?; standard, '- — ; seconds.
Keg." per,r;0und. » '* * .' .. ' * • .
CHEESE— Fancy,, full cream. .9\io: choice.
S'4c:. common, nominal; Young Amelricas,. 10c;
Eastern, full cream, uygie'/ic per lb. ¦ - .
Dairy— Extras," 16c; firsts. He; , seconds, ,12c;
store, lie. ' ; = „ ; ,
Storage — Creamery, extras, ;. . firsts. ~ — ;
seconds, ; dairy extras, — — . "
Pickle, ' per pound. ,. • " . ?
Creamery— Extras, 19c; : , firsts, 17c; seconds.
Prices for all . descriptions remained un
changed.
ButU-r Is in large stock, and the dairy, grades
are reported dragging. Creamery extras are
steady. The demand for Eggs, whiles. not
brisk. Is sufficient to keep receipts from pil
ing up too high. The feeling In' Cheese, is re
ported steady.
Receipts, as reported by the Pairy Exchange,
were 52,100 pounds of Buttor, 1435 cases Eggs
and * 3100 pounds California Cheese and ' ¦
pounds Eastern Cheese. ' *-;
The bulk of the Game continues more or
lers spoiled, and very little of lt brings full
quotations. Receipts yesterday were 75 sacks.
The prices below represent sound stock only.
Poultry rules firm, as will be seen by tho
quotations, receipts of both domestic and
Eastern being moderate and the demand good.
Young poultry Is particularly firm and kept
well cleaned up.
Another car -of Eastern poultry came In,
making three thus far this week.
POULTRY— Live Turkey?. Hirl2c for Gob
blers and 12@13c for' Hens; Dressed Turkeys.
13(fS'15c: Geese, per pair. II 50® 2; Goslings,
J3 50@3; Ducks, $4f?5 for old and $«>@7 for
young; Hens, $4#6; Young Roosters. $5i?7; Old
Roosters, $4@« 50; Fryers. $5 53@6; Broilers,
$3fi5 50 for large and $3 50® 4 5'J for small;
PlKeons, %\ 25^1 50 per dozen for old and $2 50
iff?. To for Squabs. .
"GAME— QuaU. $1 25; Mallard, $3fT4: Canvas
back. $3^5; Sprig. $2 50; Teal, $1 50fif2; Widg
eon. $1 50C»2; Small Duck. $lf/l 25; Black Jack.
$1 25: Gray Geese. $3 BO; White Geese. Jlfifl 30;
Brant, $1 50 for small and 52 for large; Honk
ers, $3<04 50; English Snipe, $2 50: Jack Snipe.
$159; Hare, 7:>cti$l; Rabbits; $1^125 for Cot
tontail and 75c for Brush; Pigeons. per
dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. *
Poultry and Game.
Onions are weak, but there is no especial,
decline. Holders are inclined to take a bull
ish vleir of the situation, as stocks all over
the coast are extremely limited. ' ¦ v i".
Potatoes show no change worthy of remark
one way or the other. Receipts have been
rather moderate of late. : - .
Asparagus and Rhubarb are weak under in
creasing receipts, ¦ and Peas are also in' In
creasing supply. The other vegetables' remain
about as be-fore.
Receipts were 104 boxes of Asparagus and SI
boxes of Rhubarb.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 65f 75c; BurbankB.
S5@60c for River, $1®1 20 per ctl for Salinas
and S0c*?$l for Oregon: Garnef Chiles from
Oregon, 65@75c: Sweets, 75cg?l for Merced.
ONIONS— $4®4 30 per ctl; Cut Onions. $2
(§3 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 5€Sc: Asparagus,
10@16c for No. 1 and 7(?f9e per lb for No. 2;
Green Peas. 3@7c for Los Angeles and S@9c
for Bay; String Beans. 10<5fl5c; Cabbage, SI;
Tomatoes, Los Angeles, 50c<£?$l 50| per crate;
from Mexico, $1@1 50 per crate; Egg Plant, Loa
Angeleg, 25o per lb; Oreen Peppers. Los An
geles. S(?fl5c per lb for Chile nnd for Bell;
Dried Peppers. lOSISc: Do' Okra, 25c per lb;
Carrots, 25f 35c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers,
$l<g2 25 per dozen; Summer Squash, $175 per
l>ox; Garlic, 3^3^c per lb; Marrowfat Squash,
$30 per ton; Mushrooms, 12'.4S25c per lb.
Beyond continued strength in white Beans
this market is dull and featureless.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50® 2 75; Small White. »4 60
©190; Large White, $4®4 25; Pink, $2 15@2 35;
Red. $3g3 50; Blackeye, $3^3 23; Llmas, $5 60@
5 70; Pea, cleaned up and nominal; Red Kid
ney. $3 75@4 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: ¦ Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50<g:3; Canary, 3H@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7H®f>'/2C for Califor
nia and 969 ! ,7C for Utah; Rape, 2g2Hc; Hemp,
3%c: Timothy. 6</ic. ' • . .
DRIED PEAS— Niles." $2@2 SO; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
All descriptions under this head remain un
changed. Bran is firm and Hay steady.
BRAN— $16 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50®19 50 per ton. * •
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@16 50 per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26: Jobbing.
$2C 60; Cocoanut Cake. $17@18: Corn Meal, $!5@
25 50: Cracked Corn. $25 S0(g26; Mixed Feed.
$15<gl6. <,
HAY— Volunteer, $5®S; Wheat. $11®13; Wheat
and Oat. $3@12; Oat, $3'jjll 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $S@9 50: Barley, $7 50® 9 50 per ton. .
STRAW— 35(8 47*4c per bale. -
Hay and Feedstuffs..
FLOUR— California Family ° Extras. $3 250
$3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 23:
Oregon, , $2 75<jT2 85 per barrel for family , and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', $2 73
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50: Hom
iny. $3 50<S3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4J£4 23;
Cracked Wheat. $3 EO; Farina. $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 10
(§7 60; In sacks. $3 75^7 25; Pearl Barley. $5;
Split Peas. $5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
1 and 67V4c for off grades: Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 75@8Oc; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Offerings continue ample for all cur
rent needs, and quotations have not chacged
for some time.
White, $1 25@1 45; Surprise, nominal; Red.
$125@140 for Feed and $1 33®1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black, for feed. $1 17V5@1 20;
for seed, $1 25igl 30 per ctl.'
CORN— The market Is still flat and neglected
at the familiar prices. ., Yellow, tl 12',,'ffl 15;
White. $1 15; Eastern mixed, $1 12Vi per ctl.
RYE— Dull at 82%@S5c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Receipts are insignificant
and quotations are nominal.
" '- .TOR TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 26.
Flour, cr sks.... 22,4^ Wine., gals .......116,250
Wheat. ,ct!s ;..... 1SS.U5 Leather, rolls .... 75"
Barleyi ctls <..... 3.07C Hay. tons ' 340
Oats, ctls ..V 500 Hides, no _."'»190
Potatoes. skB ... 1,9*9 Pelts, bdls '"-IS
Onions, sks ....... I K Sugar, ctls 1.433
Bran, sks .- 933 Lime.- bbis U2
Middlings. «ks .. " 810 1 Quicksilver, flsks , 05
Mustard, sUs .... ¦3741 i
i' "'.a 1 EASTERN.
Oats. Ctls ........' 5«H J = '
¦ '" ' " . ¦ * HONOLULU „-, : ';,
Wool, bales .V.... ' 18l
Receipts ; of Produce.
- ¦ LUMBER— Retail " prices are as follows:
Pine.- ordinary sizes. $10^17: ' extra sizes,
higher:, Redwood. $17flS for No. 1 and $15^
IB fcr No. 2; Lath. 4 feet. $3 50^4; Pickets. $1S;
Phlngrles;.$l 75 for common, and $2 75 for fancy;
Shakes. $11 for split and $12 'for sawn; Rustic,
$2<>S2«. • .- v..-V ¦-
Crushed. fi.Kc; Powdered.- 5.83c; Candy Gran-'
ulated. 5.SSe; Dry Granulated, -6.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.7.V:; Magnolia A; 5.35c: Extra C.
S.25c; Golden C, 5.15c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. K»c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags,
10o more. No orders ta.ken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos, half-bar
rels. 6.50c: boxes, "6.73c per lb. ••
RED 'AND. -WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. ' 7U®
7-^c per' lb; White Lead, : 7@7?ic, according to
quantity.:. : - •»• * ,-•'- r ," . ; ¦
QUICK SILVER-$47 £0«^4S 50 per flask for lo
cal use and $45 for export. . . ...
SUGAR— The .Western Sugar Refining Com
pany ¦jqilotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
- SALT— H." Jt." II. is quoted at tl5@15 30 per
ton in large, stacks* and $16 In 50s. ; Liverpool
Is quoted af$-j7j;ctl3 50 for the beat and J14@14 75
for lower grades. <¦ ; „• .'•• ". •- :^--. : .\
TURPENTINK— 63o per "gallon in cases and
57c in drums.. = or iron barrels. CJ . ¦
COAL OIL- GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Water White Coal Oil. in bulk. 13c: Pearl OO,
cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star.. 1 19c; Extra- Star.
2.1c;. Klaine._3lc; Eocene^. 21c;^Deodorized Stove
Ga"<allne,] In .Ijulk.' 14t-c>; : ca-ses, ' 20V»c; Benzine,
bulk,'"l3 1^c; "tasesj. 19^;- Sft-degree Gasoline,
bulk. 2Ccr case?; -2Sc- per.. gallon. -.'¦ -.
LEATHER- Sole, heavy. 2S®33c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium. 26^T3Oc; Sole Leather, fight.
2t>Si2Sc: Rough Leather, heavy. 27'ti2Sc; Rough
leather, light. 2j'&2«>c; Harneys leather, heavy.
32 l JiS.Sc: Harness leather;- medium. 3CH837c;
Harness Leather, light, 29frT^c; Collar Leather,
lSifrlFc-i'er foot: Kip. upflnlsh«»d. 40'95Pc per lb;
Veal, finished. 5O*r55c: Calf finished. 73ci?$l 20:
Siiles; Pni!«h«><l. ltVBlTc per foot: Belt Knife
SHits. 1 4^i6c; Rough Splits. 8til0c per lb.
TANRARK— Groun.l. 12SS2I per ton; Stick.
SlS'u2oS>er cord. '.'.'-¦. .- » J . .' ** *.* -
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases. • No. . 1.
7T,c: pure. $1 30; Unseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
S(>c; raw, 78c: cases, ec more; Lucol, 63c per
galjcn for bolleil nml 67c for raw; Lard -Oil,
extra- winter straine;l, barrels. 70c ;' cases.- 73c;
China Nut. 55ft'K>c per'sallon: pure Neatsfoot
Oil; barrels," C5o; cases. Ti.vc; Sperm, pure, 63c;
-Whale Oil, natural white, • 37H<J42^ic per gal
lon;-Fish OH, ' barrel?. Soc; cases, 40c.- ' ¦•
Salvador— 10® n'-jc for Rood to prime washed:
8%69%C for fair washed; 11»!i12Hc for good,
to prime washed peaberry; 9@S^ic for good to
prime st-ml-washed; 8Vs?f8»ic for superior un
waohed; SV»c for good green unwashed: 10-t»
l'j»4c for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
6fi"'jc for common to ordlnarj'-
Nicaragua— I3S16c nominal for prime to fancy
washed; 9>4«H2c nominal for fair to strictly
good washed: S^S^c nominal for good to su
perior unwashed; KwglOVjc nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry. r »',
Guatemala and Mexican— 13"9 16c for prime to
fancy washed; llf 12c for strictly good washed;
ltailO'ie for eood washed; 9©3 7 i!C for fair
washed: S(fiS 3 ic for medium; 6(g7*ic for in
ferior to ordinary; lKpUc for good to prime
washed peaberry: 10fi'10» 4 c nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry: SlifjS*ic nominal
for good to superior unwashed.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13®14c nomhiat for
prime washed: ll#12Sc nominal for good
¦washed; 12»fl3c nominal for good to prim*
washed pes berry; ll®ll^ic nominal for.good to
l>rlm«> peaberry; 10Vjtfl2c for good to prime:
JlVi'S'lOc nominal for good current mixed with
l.Ui-k beans; S'SlOc nominal for fair; 6Q7*4C
nominal for common to ordlnao*.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4c;
cases, - regular, 4^c; cases, extra large. 5c;
cases. Eastern style, t^ic: Boneless. 6c; "Nor
way." €c; "Narrow Gauge." 6c; "Silver King."
"He; blocks, "Oriental," 6Uc: blocks, "Sea
bright." C4c; tablets. 7c: middle*. "Golilen
State." 6c: middles. "White Seal." $>£c: 5-lb
boxes. Fancy Boneless, per lb. 9c: 2-lb boxes.
Fancy Bonders, per lb, 7c: Desiccated, per
dozen, 75c; Pickled Cod, barrels, each, J7;
I'lckled Cod, half-barrels, each. $4 25.
COnpAGE— The local cordage company
quotes as. follows: pure. .Manila. 12^ic per lb;
Sisal Slwand Bale- Rope. 9c; Duplex. Sc.
Term*. 60 days or l'i per cent cash discount.
CANNED FRtriT&r-Extras In 2^4-lb. tins are
quoted as follows: -;. Apricots, ,J1 50; ¦; Cherries.'
J2 for black: and $2 for. Royal Anne; Grapes,
$135:. Peaches. 65c©tt 75;. Pears. $1 S3; Plums,
$t 85(gl 40; Quinces, Jl «5; Strawberries, tl 75. ¦
•COAL, — Wellington. J»" "' p«r, J ton ; ¦ Southfleld
WellliiRton. J3; Seattle.. $7; 'Bryant. *7; Coos
Bay, J5 50; Wallsend, .$3; Co-operative Walls
end. $3; Cumberland. Slf in bulk and J13 23 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Antnraclte Egg. *14: Can
nel. 110 per ton; Coke.. $15' per ton In bulk and
$17 In sacks; 'Rocky Mountain descriptions, W 45
per 2CO0 pounds and J3 50 per ton. according
to' brand. c .=" ;
.BAGS— SatiiQupritln! Bags. J5 65j
Grain ; BagSj.- : June -And- July. : ,'.6 1 4'g6* 8 ci Jocal
maKe,"6^c; Wool Bags, 30i?32£c; Fleece Twine,
nie. ,-: •••• •? ¦::¦ '¦•- uv-\ ¦¦ - : . "
General Mcrchaiidisci
Mutton and Lamb art -'lower,,'; Receipts, are
no larger, but prices .=l)aye. ; beenjtoo:;hlgh'.:'for
the. public and have had] -to- give way, •:¦ Beef
and Veal remain as j&rBvlousty- .quoted;:. Hogs
continue ¦ scarce andj'.flrm. ¦¦:''..-¦ .-•' ¦ :.¦:-'.¦ ¦'.¦
¦. BEEF— 7@Sc for Steer* ahd.&S7JaC p«r; lb f or
¦:VEAL£-rJar*re, ~*3&cv ---smiili. '.3<!: per lp." - - ¦'".= :. • 5?=
MUTTON— Wethers,- 91i®10c.r E.wes,;.!9%C pe.f ,
p6und- '"¦ ¦ -v. •'• •'. '-.• j-.-J.'. "¦ ¦? •'• •'•¦¦¦"¦.-.¦ . : '\2
LAMB--YeajlInBs,;i(5H<r:j?er i Jb; iprlnjr. 11®
12Vic'rer round..':- . - . : .: ; -: -.'•.;«:-. ¦,": -"¦:= '£>'•.
PORK^-Live. Hogs." «»,Jcj - «Qf = small and «'ic
for medtum and Sc ivc large:-:stDclc Hogs. 514c;.
feeders, 514c; I dressed : Hpss.- Sg?^c , :'. : - . ¦ ¦; ' ¦ ;,-.
San Francisco Mmt-.Markct.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
8H@10c; medium. 9c; light. 8@S*ic: Cow Hides,
8Hc for heavy and 8SSV3C for light: Staga. 60
6Hc; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9^100: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 15Ht?16c: Culls, l.Vifil4c;
Dry Kip. 15@16c; Dry- Calf. 16@17c; culls and
brands. 14®15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 30t?30e
each: short Wool. 30<5i0c each: medium. 60® 75c:
long Wool, 75cS"$l each : Horse Hides, salt. J2 M
@2 75 for large and ?2'S2 25 for medium. $1 25 for
small and &0c fcr colts: Horse Hides, dry, II 75
for large, $1 SO for medium, SI 25 for •mall a'<J
50c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skit. . ;
33e: fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thhi
skins, ?0c. ¦ Goatsklna — Prime Angoras. 76c;
large and smooth. JOc; medium. 35c..- .'. - :
TALLOW— No. 1' rendered. 4#tM\<3 : per. V)l
No. 2. 4®4^c: greas*. : 293Hc, t-V -¦ „ •
WOOL— Spring clip : is quotable as foltows:
Is"orth«rn. free. 15@16c:- Northern.: defective; 12©
14c; Middle County,, free, l&fflftc; Middle Coun
ty,-defective, 12gl4cr Southern Mountain, it
months', 9U16C: t Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. U@12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
"months'. 9@llc;- Humboldt and Mendoclno. 16
@17c: Nevada. 13®l<c ' .pier lb-, : . ' - - - ' ...
¦ Fall Clip— San Joaquin.;6'.4'8?c; do lambs; 8 "3
9c; Middle County,- 8® 10c;. 'Northem Mountain,
free. ¦ 10®llc; Southern . Mountain, 7>;4S3^c;
Humboldt and MencVviAo. 11812c per.lb. :.'¦ .\~.;\
HOPS— 13#20c per lb. .: .'.•"• . '. :¦ - i* : ;
Wool Is quoted dull -at' unchanged prices.,
Hops are firmly held and In moderate demand.
There is- no further change in- Hides, good
stock being steady and No. 2 weak. ; - ' ''.-..
LARD— Tierces quoted : at 6^(86^0 per lb for
compound and 9Uc for pure: half-barrels, pure,
9Hc; 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins. 10Hc. , .-
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, S',4c: three
half-barrels. 8c; one tierce, 7T»c; two tierces,,
7?4c; five tierces, 7?»c per;lb.,, •< „¦' ¦
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 11311%c per.lb for
Jwavy. ll^®12c for light medium. 12}*®13c" for
light. 13S14c for extra light and 15015UC /or
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hanis. 12c;
Mess Beef, 112 per barrel: extra Mess, $13;
Family, $ 14: extra flne - Pork. $13015 50; extra
clear. JttSOifCO; MesB. $17; Smoked Beef,, 13c
per pound. - %-¦¦' ,'¦• v
The market continues steady enough, but
very quiet. . ¦ .
Provisions.
18c for light amber;- water white extracted,
7%e; light amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark, 6®
6Vic per lb. ». ' £? i
BEESWAX— 2A®26o per lb. '*•;
. •. : .'¦ ;"•' ¦•..' TUESDAT, Feb. 26— 4 p. m.
¦" - •; '-'¦ ¦ •-, Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha ..i.«... 02 04 Justice 03 05
Alta- ......... .^ 02 04 Kentuck 0". 03
Andes .....^... OS 07 Lady Waah.... 01 03
Belcher ....... 13 14 Mexican 21 23
Best & Bel.... 23 24 Occidental .... 04 05
Bullion... 03 03 Ophtr 78 77
Caledonia ..' 65 72 Overman 13 H
Challenge Con. IS 19 Potosi 13 17
Chollar ...-/... 0? 09 Savag« 13 13
Confidence .... 70 76 Scorpion — W
C C & X*. 165 170 Seg : Belcher... 01 03
Con Imperial.. 01 02jSierra Nevada. 31 33
Con New .York 01 . C3! Stiver Hill 43 47
Trown Point... 12 14iSt. Louis — Ct
Eureka Con.... 06 — jsiandard — 4 30
Exchequer .... 01 02 Syndicate — 03
Gould & C... 23 24 \ Union Con 22 23
Hale & Nor.... 17- '' 19 [Utah 05 OT
Julia — ; C3|Yellow Jacket. 24 25
CLOSING QCOTATIONS.
Morning Session.
Board— . ' -
' 10O Bear Flap... , 55
50 El Dorado 175
10O Four 59
1 Hanford 101 ' 00
12 Hanford 102 50
lfO Home .., 4 25
1.000 Independence 18
1»QQO Independence (s 30) 14
lOOJunction ..,....'. 7*
ino Junction ~ 73
.TOO Lion • 21
: 10» Monarch of Arizona....- 6*
600 Monarch ot Arizona <b 30)..*. «9
1,100 Monarch, of Arizona (7
! 40O Occidental of West Va ».... to
1,000 Oil City Petroleum 23
50 Peerless ...::., ....,:...... 8 0)
11,400 Petroleum Center ......'.. .';.'... 15
10O Reed Crud» , ,." . «S
130 Pan Joaquln Oil & Dev 12 12^4
155 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 12 25
100 Twenty-Eight 1 73
i '• Afternoon Session.
Board — ¦ ' •- '-'¦'•'. •'• ¦*!""¦ ' :
E00 Caribou J ¦ *9 .
6«^ Hanford .. .....101 (X»
50 Hanford, Fresno. Kern River.....* , 20
50 Hanford. Fresno. Kern Rlver.^.... ; •: 23
• 100 Junction — ..J -.¦¦.- 75' . .
Z» Kern ......... .i ..:. 19 0O
1,000 OH City Petroleum ..... ; '. 29 '.
50 Petroleum Center .;.. -13
100 Reed Crude ;,.... -R* .
60 San Joaq^ln Oil & Dev 12 0» .
100 Twenty-Eight ,..175
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE^
¦ *. ' Mornlni Session. • •' ! .
Board— '""; -•. • • : ¦.
11^" Four Oil Co 99
500 Gold Dollar "41
200 Junction '"i .": .
300 Petroleum Qenter .....IS
100 Vesuvius SO
100 Tukon .' ; 44. ¦
Afternocn Session.
Board—
4W California 5?tandard „ ....^. M
1*00 California Standard 33
300 California Standard 49
1000 Four Oil Co 89
60 Lion 19
100 Twenty-eight 1 90
100 Vesuvius 43
;:.: //Vv:' , M^ING STOCKS.
' Following were the sales la the San Fraa«
'Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
¦' I '.•¦.¦ ¦ Mot-. fag Session. ..".¦•¦*
ICO Belcher ......... 1* B0 Savag* H
200 Ophlr 77 1C0 Silver Hill 47
- '..•¦.•:;•", Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher ........ 14 200 Savagra 13
300 Mexican 23 luCO Silver HUI 47
10O Occidental C5 300 Utah C«
150 Ophir. 73 10O Yellow Jacket.. 24
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
:• _¦'""' ¦' -. ' Morning Session.
200 Alpha Con 031 100 Ophir ........... 77
200 C C & Va.....l 73W 600 Potost 13
'.' •. :- ¦¦.--¦: Afternoon Session. :
100 Belcher 14! 200 Sava*» 13
200 C C & Va 1 72W 800 Sierra Nevada. SI
ECO Gould & Curry. 2* *°0 Silver HiU it
200 Ophir. 78'
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE
C C Water 5s. — 103 Ora C R Ss....l29 — - - -J
E L & P 8s...l2S 1334 Pac O Imp 4s. — 100
F & Cl Ry 6s. .1144 — Pk & Cl R «s.lO5 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — Pk & O R «».. — —
Haw C «4s...lCsy, Powet-it R 6».120*j —
Do Es.... 103% — S E G * R 5s. — 9V-i
L A R It 5«...U2 112% S F & SJV 3».120\12l!_
LALCo 6s.. — — S R of Cal fa.UO -
Do gntd «s.. — 104 S P of A 6s. ..112 UJ
Do gnt J 5s.. — ' - — - S P C 6s U305
L. A V R 5s...lO«ilO2\i Series A) 1104 _
Markt-st C 6s. 129 — Do <SertesB)U0»-» -
Do 1st c 5a. .m — Do (1306). ....1134 —
NCNGRIi- 113% Do (1»12).....122* 4 —
N R of Cal 6s.lI3 - . 3 P C 1st g os.IW, —
Do Es... .123\il21 8 P BrR 69..132 — :
N P C R R Ss.lOlt-j — S V Water Ss.lIJii
, Do 8s.. .......108 . -*• Do 4s ...AH —
NCR R" 5s. 1. 111^1124 Do 3d mt¥...in.1 _
O G L & H 5s.m — Stkn G & E 63.I0JU —
Oak Tr Co fe.lt7 —
, WATER STOCKS?.
Cbntra Costa.. — 63V4; Spring Valley. 3r» — i
Maria County. 52U — 1
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent 1. & P... 3 — IPac Lit Co 431/ 441'
Kqult Gas 3}, — SacEO4R._*pJ :
Mut Elec Lt/. — 8U S F G- & E... 4;% 4;^
O G L & H.... 50 — San Francis,^. 4s. 4-4
Pac Gas Imp.. — <3 Stktn G & e u
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.230 250 | j
BANK STOCKS.
AnjrloCal 77 — Lon P & A....H4 139
Bank of Cal.. .410 — Mer Ex 0!q).. is _
Cal Safe Dep..l0t 10Mi S F XatJona:.. — 12s
1st N of S F.. — 312^4
. SAVINGS BANKS. ,
German — 1S3Q Sav & Loan. . ..
Humboldt.. ....—• — Security 2:5 _
Mutual BO — .Union Trust... — —
6. F Sav V 612H — •
r STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Calif ornta-8t... — lio O S t. & H.... 49 —
Geary-at........ 47H — Presidio a —
Market-st...... 63W —
.¦ .. ' POWDER STOCKS.
California.. a.. 150 — |Vl*-ortt Hi f-A >
Giant Con..... S3H 83% J
: :. • . ; ' .' SUGAR STOCKS,
Hana Plan..... '— 9 iKllauea B 2Ti
Haw Com.V.™M:. STH'MaJcaweU 43% —
Honokaa. 32 — .Onomea 29^ —
Hutch S P..... Zi% - jPaauhau 32«4, 33
¦ . .MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
s^± P £•->•— 125U Oceanio SS Co. «2%i M
Cal Fruit Can. — 101 Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.lCO — Pac C Bor Co.155 —
Mer. Ex ABfJK.lOT/i ;— Parff Paint Co 12H —
¦ '; •. ' ¦.'•, I".': iTprniftjr Session.
•':••¦•. BoareV- ¦ ."-•: ¦.•
. ':. 35 Contra Costa Water. ......^... 63 CO
100 Equitably Gas ..„...; 3 23
'¦2» Giant Powder Con... 83 SO
• ;• 25 Honokaa S. Co. gj Z5
' .:• 25 Honokaa S' ; Co. 32 ijtc
. 275 HutchhisoR S P Co.. 25 60
:.'IOO Hutdhlnson ; 6 P Co.... z* 75
¦ : - 10O Hutchlnson S P Co» s 90 24 50
i ! ; 65 Kllauea Sunc P Co. 2Z 2*
;.;J5 Oceanic S S Co,... c 23
'¦••• : ; SO .Oceanic 9 SCo..... g$ pa
••S Oceanic S S ? Co.... t,z t»
.' -25 Paauhau S P Co.- 33 25
.;"::.*0--S F Gas &• Electric Co _. 43 it)
.-. :3QSF Gas & Electric Co 43 23
>;; 60 SF Gas. & Electric Co , 1% eo
'•• J50 S' F*. Gaa. & Electric Co 47 75
• .-.lOaTCas & Electric Co 47 50
. '".JO S'F Gas & Electric Co 47 «jt;
' ¦ ' ¦;2»S:F\Ga3.& Electric. Co 47 8r>^
• .,25 SF 'Gas & Electric Co. s SO 47 73
I 20 Spring: Valley Water .52 50
;.'¦¦ 100 Spring Valley Water, s 90 «W
$2000 S V «s, bonds .115 »»
• ¦ -- ¦- iStreet^- •
I.' '30 Giant Powder Con. S3 ZS
- •; • ',¦:•.•' Afternoon Session
'.=". fi Board— • ¦¦ :
: 25 Cal Sato Deposit 25
¦ 10 Contra Costa Water 63 0O
¦ 45 Giant Powder Con 83 :•>
S Honokaa S Co 32 00
50 Hutchlnson S P Co , 24 73
' .375 Onomea Sugar Co 29 23
110 Paauhau S P Co 33 00
30 S F Cas & Electric Co 47 50
20 S F Gas & Electric Co....... 47 62'^
IJOOO S F & S J V Bonds.... 121 00
30 Spring Valley Water 92 25
5 Spring Valley Water 92 50
$10.00<> S' V 6s, bonds 115 50
2.00OS V 6s. bonds 015 62'^
Street—
100 Cal Wine Assn IW CO
$1900 Los Angeles Ry 5s 113 75
13000 Oceanic S S Bonds 10S 50
THE SA^T FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY *27i 1901.
STOCK MARKET.
* TUESDAY. Feb. !«-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS
• Uld.Ask. \ 3 . Bid A«V
US 4s coup.. .Ill U4'i US 4s cp 'newiU7Hl3SW
Do 4s n-5....1H IHH 1 Do 3s = oup...U0*i —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
£ a f ? S £ i* 1^ 1 ?- Oak W Co 5s. _ 101
Cal-st Cab as.UG - Oceanic S3 5s.lO8?;iO7
On the morning session of the Producers'
Oil Exchange there wan a brisk business In
Petroleum Center at. 13c. and there were fre«
sales of San Joaquln aC- $12 12%©12 25. The
other stocks were quiet.
Tbere was nothing; new In the afternoon
Petroleum Center has levied an assessment
of 5c. delinquent April 3. • t.V
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
Afternoon quotations ehcrwed little change
Another good morning's business was done
on the Bond" Exchange. The sugar stocks were
eajsy.-.and Hutchlnson declined to $24 50. Ocean
ic sold at $62 75<?63 25. Spring Valley Water
was lower at $32 50 and Gas and Electric at
$48 5C@43 50. ¦ c
Thomas B. ; Robinson to Mrs. «. Andrew
Goess or Jennette A. Goess. lot on E Iln» of
Folsora street, 123 S eJ Twenty-first. 9 45 D7
E 12:8; gift.. . . \ '.\:, : r
Dora 1* Landls (wife of GusUr C.) -to
Jamea, W. ..JCerr, lot on SE line ot Minna
street, 225 =NE of Second. NE 50 by SE 80.
quitclaim deed; lift. " *
Estate of Michael Hogan (by Patrick Hogan.
Administrator)' to= Annie Dillon (wife of
-Charles) and Mary Hagr«rty. lot on N line of
Silver street.. 215 E of Fourth. E 30 by N ,S0;
$2350 = . " ' "• • ¦ "'
Hlbertia Savings and Loan: Society to Frank
McDonald. Jot on SE line of Shipley street. 1£)
NE of Sixth. NE =25 by SE 75: J2000. " .,
Robert and Jennie Hocken to Bertha F.
Smith, lot on X line of Deeth (California, street
south) "streets 76:3" W of First avenue. W 28:1.
N 130. E 31:3*4.° S, 131:6: $3000. - ,
Lydia M° Snow «Heyn). Ruth A. and Alex
ander Steward to Charles HMSell. lot. on W
lino of Thirty-fifth avenue. JMO N of ;b street.
N 100 by W 120p*525. ° , . • ' t, o -. ' I
©A. C. and Nellie R. Hart to Louise Holtum;
lot on BW corner ,of K street and Twenty*
ninth avenue, "AV 5«:S by. S 100: also tot 'on H
line of Forty-sixth , avenue, 130 S of P street.
S SO by E 120: also lot on W line of Twenty
seventh avenue, 175 S of J street, ,8 25 by W
120; also lot on W line of Thirty-fifth avenue.
100 S of I street. S W by W"120; also lot on W
line of Forty-sixth avenue. 225 S - of N street.
S 75 by W »20; also lot on S line of Frederick
street. 50:?4 AV of Cole. W 23 by S 137:8; also
lot on E line of Forty-sixth avenue, IS N of
M street. N 50 by E 120; $13. •
REAI, -ESTATE " TEANSACTI0N3.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Neio York. Stock Market.
'NEW TORTC. Feb. M. -A large proportion of
the deaJlr.es lr. tfcfc stock market apaln cen
tered !r. th»f! M : stocks. The official state
ment if sue* !>:.- the banking hour* having the
negotiations for consolidation la charge. Riving
the terms of exchange of the securities 'of the
present c«mpanies Into those of the 'proposed
oe-w company, dashed all the speculative en
thuslaera over, the steel etoek*. The effect was
ihe more remarkable in tteat the temt cfflclal-
Provisions were dull and .weaker. . The open
ing was steady > on light "hog ; receipts and a
strong -market at the stock yards. The cash
demand continued along the bullish ltoms, and
nomec-f the early buying, was said to be for
export, but celling by packers overcame what -
8
ETA
JO
>xi ¦)
;!?f:I^ui:s 1 ; r5^A«pi».":}.S«>A«»oo..
•'r>
at
y:
•4 : : Bhj
icri rr.f i
¦pfnn .
n Uuif
in IHei
•ait
iV.r
ten
¦= ¦<:
$2
¦¦¦f'.
.j-'" : .0,Ct.;-.=l. ; .2?;TJ-:' .¦]¦;•¦ W,5>.
.••.¦¦••-,;;•..¦¦¦¦ ¦:• : J8**: H •..vis,-tr
¦v.-.;: ,.:.. ¦ ¦; .?;s4 : "- : j- •-•¦fil-M.
ETA
JO
>xi ¦)
;!?f:I^ui:s 1 ; r5^A«pi».":}.S«>A«»oo..
•'r>
at
y:
•4 : : Bhj
icri rr.f i
¦pfnn .
n Uuif
in IHei
•ait
iV.r
ten
¦= ¦<:
$2
¦¦¦f'.
.j-'" : .0,Ct.;-.=l. ; .2?;TJ-:' .¦]¦;•¦ W,5>.
.••.¦¦••-,;;•..¦¦¦¦ ¦:• : J8**: H •..vis,-tr
¦v.-.;: ,.:.. ¦ ¦; .?;s4 : "- : j- •-•¦fil-M." LOS "ANGELES, Feb. 26.— Another mem
ber of the gang of bnrglarsoperating here
has' been captured. He fives' the name of
W. M.- Ta-vlor and is said to be a recent
arrival. • '. The specific complaint against
his Is the robbery of the seoond-hand store
of H! Hardbrand on che night of February
22. Three dozen watch. chains, two dozen
linger rings, two pistols and three watches
were aqons the articles; taken, -AH of
these were found in Taylor's room neat! y
soldered" up In tin cans. -•¦
Burglar Brought to Book.
; 'A * fcpejilal meeting will be,held in the
rooms of the Chamber of Commerce this
afternoon by • the presidents of the vari
ous,civic societies of this city for the pur
pose, of agredng'upon a Californianto be
recommended to, President McKlnley to
fill the position of Consul General at
Ifongkong. which was made vacant by the
death" of Rounsevellft Wlldman. who lost
his life in the sinking of the Rio do Jan
eiro. , *«• ' ! ¦ •- , .. ;--.,;?¦
Special Meeting Called.
KnUYOTTN BESOLTJTTON • :
DEBATED IN ASSEMBLY
Motion, tb Postpone .Action Is De
feated by but a.\Slngl« . ;
"¦:' ¦¦¦'-• -\ Vote. .K;i: •
"CALL 1 ' HEADQUARTERS.'' SACRA-
MENTOR Feb. 26.— The. Assembly.- squab;
fcled for -an ''hour tbis-mprnlng over 'the
Senate joint resolution deiiianditng the re
moval of . Dr. J.« Jy Kiny'ouri'jind" at the
.eind- of -that .tlmf.-jus.C before^. the noon
:recefs, dast'a tie vpte^' 33.to'.-33.' on a mo
tion by "James to postpone: aotlqn. lndefl
hitely.. .At the .beginning of the- "afternoon
session Anderson' of S.oljanq offered 'a sub
stttute respriitionv which iwtU": be -.printed
Tu the •jnu'roal and acted iiRon -.to-nnorrow."
The .substitute ls.as-.'f.oll6wB:'. : ..; ••' . ....
; '.' Wherea*,- Tliere' is H grperar belief • through"
CTJt-Califortla thaj.. nr.°.J." .J.-'ianypmj, United
States-Qflarantlne Officer 1 at . Sa-n Francisco;
•has : b*en- : 'unduly •oificlous'.'and-.urbltrary in 'the
!p.e'rforma'nci? ' ; of h.is duty;; and; '.. .. .* ' • *...
¦'¦ Whereas," JJy such -cpnduct he-, has ''lost tn«
cbnfld.ence •:and eWeom of th"<S ;-pe'Qp)<r of- this
'State arid.- has become, -perfcpna ivon- grata' to'
'in' commercial .interests' '..a"fid ; tbe '.traveling
business transacting 1 . at"' -that ; porf ; .therefore,
rbe- it ' .'• ':¦ ' " i ¦¦• ",: ¦'¦..¦".' • . . -..
;• 'R>>8olr«S, By.jthe" Asaemb1y/.d.f th'e°.8tate 'Of
X?61ifo'rnta,:..,the- fjeriat9 ; ronMirflng, .that the
~PrwW?nt:..pf the. United .-S(atps be and is here
t»i" -.reFpectriilly but.:rnost ; earnrttty ; requested
M direct -.'thttt- saia-.t»l-; 'J: -'Ji KlnYpuii. -UnHexl
Stai«* Quarantine-- Ofto>e,r :at'^an'Kranclsco,'
b« .reU>V?d r from. furlh-eJr--' 'service -at that pott,
as "sopn'Bs-ba'ld- remwal can-be mad? without
Jjn'jufy of- dj>r.6Katloa'. to. the.: public quarantine.
*trv-lc«>. >:Ro. ! it. Xurth^r '. • *S -. : -. • ;." • . • ?••.
.' Resolveo % '5".hat the "Secretary : 6*'8tate be and
Is- herfby' directed- to- .transmit, by- mail the
•>'b.oVe" : resolution totheprestacptof Oie- United
State.?. "? .-.'.'•' .: •.. • . : '-' '.•''.: • '*
-.The'"dlScu'Rslon' this, morningr was .par
t4clpate t d; ' In -by:. James,' Mellek, . Fellz,
Brown. XAird and- Po.ster of San Mateo
against -.' the Cutter., .resolution. Fisk',
-Knight' and. Ralston. "m" fa, vor of It and
Sutro pn ; both sides.- of the question," dlf-;
ferent phases of it being, considered. • • ¦
James "said the resolution -/.-was* heaping
Insult upon-- the President' :and continual
nagging might result Mn .'.the .loss to San
Francisco of- the .-Government transport
service, which mlph-t be. transferred ' to-, a
"northern port.- Laird contended that the
-facts had long been hr the. hands of the
President, and the resolutlon-slmply ques r '
tioned. the" honesty and conscientiousness
•of his. ri-C^ous attitude-. " ¦¦ < •«
:..'FlBk believed.it was the duty of the
Legislature to put the seal- of condemna
tion upon* fhe man who 1 had done more
'barm. to'.-Californla-, than" any man within
hisnieBiori'. ' •" '":.•'•'• .,"*•",'
. Knight" said that Kinyqun was directly
'responsible for the plague. Quarantine,- as
4t-Was established. In re^ppnse^ to his er
roneous ' reports of the existence of the
''sutrosaid Dr. Klnyoun had been arbi
trary and officious and ought to be re
moved.'but he' disliked the. form of. the
resolution,* based aa it was upon the. rep
resnntatlona made . by the Republican
State Central Committee. . *.- •••
"By error the result of the roll" call was
announced as 32 ayes and -33 noes on
James" motion to postpone. After recess
the error was corrected, the vote, being
33 to 33, and Anderson's substitute waa
presente.d. ; . ¦ . |' ¦ /» ¦ ' ••'; t >
• . Clerk for Bank v Commissioners.
SACRAMENTO, Feb^ 20.— The bill allow
ing .the Bank Commissioners 3 a clerk is
now a law. having been in the Governor's
hands ten days without his having taKen
any action: . • s ¦;. i"
.Baseball Men Agree.
NEW YORK,* Feb. 26.— For nearly Seven
hours to-day the committee* appointed by
the National League to Hear the demands
of the Players' Association had President
Charles 1 Zlmmer' of that .organization be
fore It at the Fifth Avenuej, Hotel. Presi
dent Zimmer signed an agreement.that all
National League • and--Kastern League
players who may .sign American League
contracts will be suspended pending . ac
tion , by tho Players' Protective Associa
tion, as a body. This agreement . means
that the players; will- stick to. the -league
In Its fight with Dan Johnson, although
the American .League agreed to make
every concession asUed for by" the players
some months ago. ' . " - .«
HOTEL ARRTVALS.
GRAND .
Dr J Koebig, Gilroy."
J H Corley. Oakdal«
H A Falrbank. Sacto
H B Carver, S Pablo
O H WJIson, S Pablo
W VT. Wlllson, Texas
Mrs W.illson, Texas
8 W Church, Portland
T Nellson, Tucson ' <
R G D^an, Brertiwood
R R -Veal, -Martinet • j
W.R Veal. ,Peta)uma>
K Harklnson, .Ant loch.
J» P. -Downs, Stock too
W ¦ S • Rheems, Chicago
O«:C Carpy, Phlla.-
W B Powell,- N. Y *.
R X Bradef,'- Berkeley
T' W 'Rowland,- -Berk'cly
H M Este«;.Cal.
L Le%->s Lincoln- • .•
W M Marttn, Cat .'".•
•H"A X>reye9,'-M1nn ' .
K C. Barre'ttv Oakland,
Mrs ' Barrett. Oakland..'!"
II JC- Owens, ''Seattle'" •!
Mrs A J Btetben; -Seat
W H Slalee, N-Jt." .••'
"JV.F' Renner,' Tenn J
J'McCloeke>VCeto;. '"
Mrs McClo^key,:.Cdlo- •
A H.Hart.-N Y ; ;*'r
M Doyle,* Santa 'Rosa
H W Phjdan, Utah ; •
J " W Conart.' Redding
J, L Brummel, Cal- • • [
W D.-Aht»y.-«itc?BKo.'"f
Mrs M -fa Harris, J^'AJ
Jllss 'C Fields, L AiVg.'
L'B Winston," X " Ang
F- T Fisher,: Seattle*- I
UOTELi ¦
Mrs Noble, Chicago ' .
R.B,-Bell,. Seattle
t/A Younglove,, Tacom
Mrs I Watts, Austin
H L Watts, Austin
Mrs.J B McArthur.Cal
Mrs L" M Peplow, Cal .
D Campbell, Los Ang .
W H Hall, Gridley ;'
J C Stone-, Kan- City »
J C Wa.lker.- Mlnh^
H.E Piekct. Cal .;. '
J -J Morey,- Cal' • *
G .T Dunlaj), Gllroy
Mrs Dunlap, .Gtlrdyv
J B -Holahani Los Ang--'
G A Mc<Klfr»sh. L'Ang
W -3* Sfiarwood,' 5 cat'-*
F E lleovijr,- Chicago : -
Mrs Hoov«r r - Chicago .
G A Ga'ne," Mass ..;• , : -
Miss Cane, ."Mass" •
M J Monte'lth, ChgO .
\ysE Thomas Ukiah'-
J C-Sloss,, llont .'-. o
E'H Carrtori,.Oregdrt:-
Mrs.-Cjarltoh; ; Oregon .
(J -Dunlap.Mios'.Ang- '.
W= A -Hall; Chicago-'
Mrs^riall, .Chicago. ..
C at" CUlver^- Alameda,,
Mi's Culveri' .Alame'da '
A"A Wright,* Stockton :
H-P. Sweet, -Lop Ang .:
11. H Dawson/ St Louis
A >Etile, . Chtcago - • ,
J.H Knlshf. Lo» An*
W FlUunt, San, Jose-:
G D.FIsk«. Cal ' •
C- M Williams. Ctig.9
Mrs A Davis, Portl&ad
I ¦ .•.-.' PXL'ACE HOTEH.' V". " , :: -.°J
W H Dohefty. y.:S-«?T
H'O'Falllsky, Chicago
J W Mayer & w/ Mas.?
K*A Carter, 111
RE Hyde, Visajta • '
P McCourt .' & . w,. .Colb
J Anderson,, Manila' l-°
C B Fabrlskle & w.-"
-"NY- ¦ ' * -V. "•".
G D Buff jim. Mo ¦ ¦ ¦
W U ThQrntoji,, N Y'
S Marshall. Sn BartJo-
O- " A ' FMacens, t Va • : •
Mrt R Robertson." Cal
B.H Blank, Nr-Y ••
W A' Steel.1 Seattle ; '
JM Hcrman.:NY
L* T Graham, , San Jos
L D Rickett, 'Cal, • •
J B Miller, Pasadena
J E Dawson. N. Y -
F. II Jennings Ar-w.NY
Miss Trusdale & sis,
Kansas City,' -* ". . .
J YetteT,- ChlP«EO
C Schmidt," K:T
Mrs Q W-^utte'r. 1 Gal -
G-A"Bettohs.& w." Cal
C .A> Cald-awll. -N T; .:
jGS'H MpKdy, N Y« i"
I'jIeWer. & w, Chicago
M ' P Thomas- & w,,, 111
E-W Freeman,- Los An
M Mitchell & w;Paris
W. Lawrence;- i Denror ¦
C B.' Sears,. -U S A.".'
O F • Celeman, . Los : An
HT Simons' & w. .Mo
A 'Bauer & w. Ill ••
C H OsBOOd & w, NY
C A'RHeldon, U-SN . -
C P Morgan &;.w. Cal
G B &lcAnny.& w.Kan
Mrs M Masilpk, Kan
O H Hofden; .Napa, ¦
E-W. Churchill &. w.
Napa ' v'i • -
F S Short, Fresno ' i
M do Vries & w, III .
.NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs Black.'Neb -
Anton Johnson, Cal
Jesse Hanott, Cai ;• [
O Warren,' Stookt6n ' •
J 8mlth«* w.-OaklanS
W Chlnn, Valleja • •
Wm Bruschke, Bay Pt
G W Fee,* St Helena
M JQyce,,Clnc.innatI ,
W DaTcson & vr. Cal '
C M.. Baker.- Denver
D K' Lund., Spokane-
Mrs Kmnsay. B C ..
MIfs, Bolsforfl. B C ••
MlssBmlth, BC
Otto Schatz, Iseaquah
SENT TO THE PKNITENTIARY-i-Willlanj
\\ r hlte atjtl George I^awrence, two youny men
Cdnvicted of burglary In the second decree for
breakings Into rooms In a lodging-house at 221
I'aclllc street ami atenllng; a quantity of cloth-
In^, were- each sentenced by Judge Cook yes
terday to one." year in State prison.
'WALPECK GETS SIX MONTHS— William
Waldeck, ex-captain in the Seventh Immune
flcglment. wbi sentenced to six months in thb
County JaU by Judge Conlan yesterday for Ob
taining two revolver frpmClabrouKh, Golcher
& Co.* ore, the pretext that he was "Captain W.
W f Uson" t of the reerular army. • •* „
JaNIM'AL, BOCIETT MEETING.— Eecretaxj-
Holbrook of the, Society for* the Prevention -jof
Cruelty .to Animals made the following' report
at ithe meeting of the. organisation
yj-sterday: Case* » reported. M3: investigated.
202; prosecuted, 11; sick and dtsable'ri animals
killed. -22; animals involved,- 432 j removed in
nmVmlHnff, 8. _ ,- ' s.
•DECLAhE SWEENEY' IN'SANR— Anthony.
Sweenay.^a grocex. 714 Brannan-- street, was'de
clared. Insane by the'- Jnsanlty • (*ommlssfcon«rs
jfsterday.' -He was ordered committed to the
X.ajxi Insane Asylum. "Sweeney. was arreMed-a*
few dnys-agoTjy Sergeant" Conb6y. After' be-'
'lr.g conimltted yesterday it required tlie ser>-lce
of six deputy sheriffs' to take ¦ 8we«ney to the
detention- ward. * '¦ •; ¦*• ,';."•..*. "•'
•MJRiB, ' 'WIIiDMAN'S ERTATC."— Mr*.*' .yir;
elnla- "Aldricli was granted letters of ad
ministration' by Judare Coffey" yesterday
upon the.* estate of her daughter. Mra. Letitia
Wlldmah-, who, with her husband, Co'nsul
General ,Koun?ievelle Wlldman' and .two chil
dren. \vas .lost in the wreck*- of. the Rio -de
Janeiro. The estate cf Mrs.' -WTldman. which
js.., valued at $10,000, -consists chiefly pt money
and personal property.' Mr. Wildman's, brothv
er Iwlll-.flle letters of adminlsjriation uponthe
dead'Cohsul'a estate.' •; « •
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
Mrs. Maria Cumming*. who resides at
156 Perry street, was arrested yesterday
for .battery. on ; a= warrant sworn to by
•Mrs. Dlnnieme, whq Hvea at 522 Folsora
street, and was released on $10 cash bail.
The- charge is a slight one. but- behind
it. is a more Serious accusation; It Is al
leged that, ; Mrs. Cummlngs deliberately
threv her' daughter;'!! „ baby, on 1 the floor
and thaj the child Is now in a eeml-coma
to«e oondltlon as a result of the fall. °
¦••-¦*• * •"! : : •'¦ -'¦'¦'. ' . 4.
Charged With Cruelty, to Grandchild.
I ¦ EMer; ";CSllroy. and- John' Gorman were
.bopkfd kithe HaU of -Just Ice yesterday on
'charges' p'f robberj'.' for having," Jt ia al
•>efir*d', • taken "565 by c force ; from ; Henry
firedeHckx. who lives at°- 707 • Clinton
¦stre'et. • •The- accused '.men, with some
tottier?, 1 had , been drinkjng. during the
ev«>nlhgf : with Fredericks and after they
left the .fikldon Fredericks' was -followed to
Dore- and Folsom streets. « when he was
ihlt .-from behind .with a sandbag and
rendered, unconpeious. *. He was then re
lieved ttf his money and left where -he
knocked down. From a description
of the maif'who followed him the. officers
jnede the' arrest and consider they have
¦sufficient evidence to secure a conviction.
CKarged With Ebbbery.
! ¦A'-.'futUe effort w.^s. made -Sj-esterday.
<>venlng.to haul the. ptJeamship' South.P^or.t;
.land;from her hed'fn tho'-niud:near the
¦>eawa11.-". The Booth' Portland' .was scut-'
: tled recently to. extinguish;- flames- that
.'werevraging in her. cargo of -lime. " She
Has since., settled twenty, feet Into -the
:nrud.. Jiast everting 4t'e':o' clock six-red
:sti*cK .tug« got llnea '.on 1 the vessel and
¦hauled-'riw.ay in an eff.ortto dislodge tht-
Ses'sel.Mt p*infr the intention, tp irtdve "her
.to' a' mud bank-off Lpmibard street' -pump
her'out.aqd then Jtow her tp the- dry dock.
"I-ighierswere utilized- to preyentAhe ves
sel from capfizing- In event'ofher removal
:frdm":th©.mud>.'The'»ix tugs chiii'ned the
:wator for an hour - ; ln. thjeJr attempt to
niove the .South Portland, tout she-/Jldn't
-budge an ¦ Inch. •=. Another-. effort -to. niove
the -vessel -.will pro"bat)ljr-be, made to-day.
SteameT.StiU.r.iuthfi ]M[ild.
SECOND ..B ATTAIJO^i i j TENTH-"-.;. ; : -
.Men" Qa"i to-' Kansas '^nd". IJebraska
:;v-vr0^^^1ie'yiiiij_\TjrDppsO^'red\.'.y
'¦Lf&ifCiC ; p. %Q >^T $}) *\ '* '¦' '¥¦ v* \i'r-<iZ?.
: .- Teleffr'a'phic' atftrces-.r-eceiyed . -a t headr
*juar'.te'r5 -y'eSterda^- announce • th«', depar
ture.of the -Second: BaUaliori Q? "the .Tenth
IhiantrVtfrom-Ctfba.; . The : -<iomraaj)d c/inl
feints br-thift-een-offlcer!; and 499-.m^h. -The
'battalion- &. underj.-.prders.ito" prpceed : to
i<3rts lri'Xebraska-.and Kansas Xq. relieve
tiie- : LTh1rd. ; "Battja;lion-of. ttet Tenth,'. which
; <ii.U.lea.ve- for Sg:p -Kraricli<t;<i...wherb'.I.t wijf
¦jrjin- thfi; First' Battalion/ now in.-.Mod<sl
Ai the Prssidtp.-. • Upton, the. arrival
of -the 'Ti-ird Battalion 'here .it wiH," with
(tiro: -If irtt • Battalion, .be- 'emba rked ;.On'- 1 h«
JiTSt. avaHable transport- tor -'Manila. -' .
-. :F.iv.en : on-Gornm'issr6r)edofncers are to'bte
«.eot''fo-""difrprertt portions ~ot' this. "State";. W
;distflbute : cir'eular3 and put ..up 'posters
¦ c"alljng-.«ijon"- ahlerbodled men ,tq ! '.enllst. In
.t-h'c^arriiy. V Th.e order deirgnatin'g'ttheiter.i'
ritory- to .tie- lravpr?ed bythe sqlditfr. hujit
erg'..wefe issued yesterday.- ; • .V ;•.'•' : •:
The tfanFp-rt Indiana : It?' .away behind
time. She left Honolulu thc.^arne day "a?
the A'areeda ar.d.Sdlace. vh'ile 'the
fonrer got. in last • Saturday-.-.an'd.vlthe'
Solace last- Sunday,:. 8tlirth*i^\i-s' : nflr.'feiga
of tne Ini'.iftr.a. The delay' -^tt"-pn»b.a;bl'y- :
r-e ac<;*itintpd for '/by ,the:fa.ct iih-at.-.ihe
triancsport' has dot bec-h an :a'¦¦d_r>*'d«5lf.-;iQr.
a year. . that hf-r machlnpry .rsiial rns an
extensive 1 overhauling: and'tba't:>h«. s»:afi
ar*i-"v in the Philippines blitffot t)ff.:\kitft
j. S.-t 4ar.:a^(^ The lr.diana;^haT» iiboatd
« ":i vck. e "idlers from the .vaj-ioiis rejffr
i" rj. • 5 . (£ the Phlllppipes i-and : a . nurnber
• .'¦:*¦:::* an"} nursw;: -. .-: -.: '¦¦' .:':' '¦_ ¦ "-. '-. '¦ .
Indiana Behind Time.
foIlWing; named ilxty-elgto fi^id deputies
*f fbin :the eligible civil, service list of or
diBftry- clerks: •;•*'*: ..'.'..•¦. > . "'¦ '- :
' Prfcderick - Tieaa, John .White. ¦ Charles A/
Fihkt>\ Q; A." Tuttie, F.. P. O'Brien, F. L.
;Raai5ock.A.' T.' McCreery. T. J. Powers, R. W.
:HlHeTi. HI: B; Moynihan. F. J. McAullffe. L). E.
;\V. '.AVilliainSon,' S." A--: : 'W»rafl» : W. X.'-Swa»ey,
G, I>;..Kaad»ri«on.- C. B. Ulfrfjlns, A. W. Myer,
• J, . A'-.'l'onslass, E. M. • Boland."' A. A. Peterson,
i& •.C-'Mayes". Oscar Painter. F. .L. Walbel. A.
JO. .Ford. J. A. Code.- .Q. F. Tlessen.'J.- M. ilil-
J?r; JoSri-^WeJds»- ; H. V: Hay, John Bojle; 3.
: P.'.^t : Hu.ck,.Geors? A-Jlto-alaad, WUHam Mad-
Mulleh-,.. P. : J.. Leonard;. C .If-.; Podg#; .W.. G.
Ai{tJQa.6vich.'.F..jG:^ Rarity- G.-.E. Olblin. N4>
thanW.'Rariders. *E.'. R. Faueom'fre, r.-JJ,-SIlVer,'.
Jartsee ;O'il^.Uofari..'V\", SC« Keartw. .F ; B: KaHf,
Frank' ,Kitz,-:John •'Hahnah. .A. H, Browne,' Av
A- iGa'rnie'r.' Frank- Rittlcstcin',' 4L T.- -I>unn;~ 3.
D, tyrichi .George. • Mllitn "W: :a.-". fihaw. J: ,'XK
fc*uliivja.tl.J-.J. "Harrow, G^orijeil'.. T*a^e t J.:>J..
Hairl : scfn. -?-T- " MeGwan, J:. S: ..Q' l .Conn»ll.."W.
H.- jifeearthy; F.= D";;Con|ey'..-JI..-X fc :'-Ajaerbach:.
.Michael ;'• Ro<aritDft J: *:.F,. .Eks*rt.- iPatil :. *Ir
iAnoltr. : !E. -.B." Tripp, : Q'eo.rie =11. /Svlllivatt ana
; Frank.- jiJauripQ.- '•:".-. :"••'¦•/•-:"„• £'¦-.' /"•'.:' : '".'- v'
Sixty-Eight Civil Service Ordinary
.'¦Clerks Save Commenced Assess- ;- :
it-ii-' A i :.".'.:'•:¦ meat "Work. . /' .-
K AESc?sot podge yesterday "appointed the
ASSESSOR DODGE SELECTS
ife-ijiFp HIS -FIELD DEPUTIES
Fanny :H. Simpson .has. filefl ah action
for dl'tree f-om Harr>' RvrElmpson .on Hthi
grovsi : of • desertion. : ¦ ¦.: .;..' jj ¦ ..•;-. „' .-• 'f -•;
OAKLAND. Fr'n. Editli TV'. Ree*
h*« h^ern euit for divorce from. Envry
B Re^s .nn . the gruurui ef deser'tfon, --Sh*
ask? tbe custody of the three.^mlhoT chll-».
<!ren. -..' ' ¦:-'¦ - : •/•¦:¦: v ; .-.•;.'• : v; -'•¦'•? .. '""
Suits fcr Divorce.
ALAMEDA; Feb. Mary-L- : : Masi'lcft'
wiilow of Edwiii B.;^la.p«ck. the- •attorney,
-died. at '* o'ct'^k twpiifht at her, residence,-
l^a-cirtc av-enuo. ..niton-' hi-ri^-.-dayis.- .ago
her ctlptinsr'jfched inisr«i'iid ,'pjisstjil away.
rs. . M avlick iia '1 wo'r it' \u rself . cyit «urs
irg her husband during;- his- last,- illness;
and her death -Bias. th<? /rtneome of/pros-'
tratimi. worry anil' Kri<'T. ¦¦'.-At -tlie. tiixie^-of
Mr. SJaslickV tur\<:ru\ : Jii*. wire was -bare
lv able to be carrird hi. vhebi^r> She wiaa
y< years of ago. : an«V ri /native of Ohio.
Thf?re ur-c t-ijr*:t s-urvjvit's ' child ren.- :
Mary J« Mastick IJCes.'
XO3ttE'MININQ.-CASES . C'\ • '¦': :f
| :• K'' : ABGTJED AND \ fiUBMITTEl)
Eight 8 of Alien Mining ¦Locators to;
; . B«.I>ecided by, Co]urt of.
- » "¦':;.*"•;.•¦¦• Appeals. \.:': •¦':¦; :
. United •• States • Circuit Judges Gilbert,
R.ops'.and Morrow ' 'sat as the. ;. United
States .Circuit. Court of Appeals ye?ter
<3ay morning and heard the argument- of.
Charles Page, in the. Nome ¦ mining case?
entitled John J. Tornanses vs. L. F. M*l
sing. et p!^ Mikel" J.' N,-ickkela et al. vs.
Herbert H.Webster, and >V.. X. Kjellman
vsi.'HenTj-iRopers. At the close of the ar
gument ihe. .cases were submitted.
The point at igpue is whether the .title In
the -mines involved in the controversy
vests ¦ jn the . orfgirial .Jocator, who is " ajT
alieoi or to his assitmee, or to a citizen
«,ho .located after the alien and before the
allea tnade the transfer to the third citi
zen. - -¦ •"¦<—
The admitted facts in the cases are that
aft alien- made 1 the first location, a citi
zen of the United States made the second
location on the same ground, and after
the second location had been made the
alien transferred his claim to another
citizen of the United States. . .
SOME WELL-KNOWN CHARACTERS WHO TOOK'A LIVELY INTEREST IN, -.
' THE ANNUAL ELECTION Olf DIRECTORS FOR' THE MECHANICS' IN- '
STITUTE YESTERDAY AT THE HEADQUARTERS ON POST STREET. :V '-. X
s .v : -• • -, : .: . •¦ :. ..- A-- - ¦• .- ¦ '• ''- ¦
, _ ; ¦ . . , ; , .
were named on the ticket. Although there
were but seven candidates to, be voted for,
many voters "plumped." Under the eight
hour law of voting, time was taken ea.sily,i
From 1 to 9 p. m. Judges Henry, Root,
James M. Kelly and David- Kerr watched
the ballot box. Robert Colqhoun repre
sented the institute and took good care
that nobody voted who had not paid up
hi? duos to date. The clerks of election
were J. C. Saulmann and . Frank T.
Doolan.
The candidates for trustees were:
William A. Beatty, attorney-at-law,
Bffe Deposit building: Alpheus Bull, me
chanical draughtsman, 315 Howard street;
G. L. Center, real estate, 2S2S Sixteenth
street; George F.rDajV manufacturer. 12
Fremont street; Joseph G. Gieating, man
ager Herring-Hall-Marvin Safe Company,
605 Market street; Rodney Kendrick, sec
retary and treasurer . Washington Mill
Company. 10 California street: Robert \V
Neal. publisher Pacific Underwriter, 320
California street; James G. Spauldlng,
printer and publisher, 414 Clay street;
Otto von Geldern, civil engineer, 819 Mar
ket street; Luther 'Wagoner, civil and
mining engineer. S49 Chestnut street: Hor
ace Wilson, secretary J. D. Maxwell Com
pany, 421 California street.
As to the eligibility of Beatty and
Spauldlng a question was raised. It was
said that they had not been members long
enough. to entitle them to run for offlc«».
The right of equal suffrage was exempli,
lied by the number of women who voted.
No tally of sex was kept, but it seems
that the electoral privilege was not exer
cised by the. ladles as fully as it might
have been, because they were chary of
their rights. , . - *
The following: was the vote cast for
each candidate: Beatty 327, Bull 404, Cen
ter 242. Day 3J4. Gle.stlng 170, Kendrick 259,
Neal 282, Spaulding 337, Von Geldern 295,
Wagoner 323. Wllpon 276.
A total of &27 votes was cast and the
early returns indicated the election .of
Beatty, Bull, Day, SpauUling,"Von Geld
ern and Wagoner. • The contest between
Neal and Wilson was close. ¦ * . -.
h' Mrs: .Bchwarz appeared at the County
Clerk's -office to-rdayaiid showed a marr
rlag6 -contraet which 'ehe said lind Just
been shown' her .by her daughter,, who told
herihai JJarshaH Had Dbtaln«d a divorce
in'tij.e Alameda Cpuntv. Superior Court on.
the 23tji .'of last October. '.llrs-'Scliwara
came :io' the clerk's ' office' to' have tlvj
.record searched- for .the- divorce. ¦ . ' -.V '¦¦
¦ ¦ \Vhei» told that there was r.o. trace .-of
the alleged decree she was. overcbine -with
grtet'.-' ¦..'...¦ '!- "•¦¦¦ ••.'.•-..'.••." • .'
¦ ' tv ily-. daughter tdld inc." sho sa.id. "that
Mafsftalt feot" her consent .to the "contract
marriafie by.' teiUn'e Iier. .tfetii. as he hatl
been aivoroed within a. year- that wa*.j.he :
o;ily : way In which ;thty could be"; leeaUy
jnarried; .¦¦'¦' " •.•.•'¦••;¦" •.';••'•.''•' '.' r . ¦.'¦¦¦¦'.
."My. dauciiter (s a food '«Jrl. . -Mt. see'nis •
as :-tbougtj.-'-th-lfi Tnan. : ha:s...drtlberat-«ly 1
planned her ruin. I.-.knew him., biit. know"- I
ing. that h-e w*is a tnarried marr n<;rer.Rui=
pecf>d W&iot any evii Intentions toward
the gtrt : . v : A;nd :«<»«• I fird fhaf for three
ino'ntbs.'Jie has b.eeri representing hlms-1?
¦to .'h?r'a-s her lecral.-hiisbahd."' -- ; . '= .-.•:.-..•
..- The .riian ;^whon> Mrs. 'Sciiwari- a£cu«<)S :
of "WBanay is said to be ararpenter and'
an Employe of the" Fair estate: She savs'
thai he ha f one child by hi?, real wife. ¦.Ti'i'
contract »f njarrixtTre which. Mrs: .Schwarz
says ."was given- tuer. .by her- dauRhter- is'
dated'. San- Francisco,. November 25, IRK).,
arid is. aa follow^: !; . : '^;*;;'.^ : , •'. ;\-l- '•">'
I; FrederlcH'WJ'ilanihali. <Jx> taSS ..ChmriotV?'
Schw«rt« my la-.Tfu.t : wife, -td-' love -and honor
through life.' ¦•":••''."/ -•;'-' •¦?:•> '¦ ¦'¦¦:'.„
.:'=¦.: - : .." : \^R'n>EnrcK:w«' marsha^.,
1^ Charlotte ' Schwarz, do.'tiijte .Prfd?rlCk : A\'j'
Marshall as. my lawful hM*ban4, to ¦ loi'e an4
hotior thrcush life. ¦••"•¦-•:• : - ..":¦ .V. •*.•:. ••. « - >.••
.-..'¦; ..-.^iKnedV CHAntOTT'^S.qH'VV'ARZ.- ..
T'tje girl lives with her mother.' on' M 1 ,*'-.
sion-'. Etre.et, .San Franc-scp. .'=:,' ¦ y \l •.; , .-.. _; •;
¦ Mr«.. AL- Schwarz of Pan Francisco ac
cuses '. Frederick W. M.irshall : of having
eniiceii lier 16-year-ol(i daughter Into a
petrctcohtract'marriaBe while living w>th
.a tvo.mian .who is his'Iesal wife. V ¦
(Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
: . :'. ¦¦¦': -lllg Broadway. Kelt.' 2^.
Mother Saye : Her Young Daughter
t . Has Been Deceived by Acquain
;o".}v tance, Who Has Wife
V. ; _: :' . -. '¦'¦ and Child.
With Man Already
:^ ; Wedded.
Story of Contract Marriage
CHARGES BIGAMY
AND DECEPTION
was the r.jme nf the w«m«n y;ho di<sd-.last
Saturday at : tbe hrrsiiitai . ; conducted by
'Dr» Emily Futike-'Wagneri : .She. was WenjI
•fled this aftenioonli.y her feroiher',"- Cbarie^'
AIcKenna, a .train p;itc?nan >a. -the 'employ..
of the Southcrii 1'ayiii.c ifToTnj^a'ny. j/°- " :
Two -women, who ;rcf upetl l6- : give- their
xiames, called at the.lwaJ J3ra«"<;h MTsirgye
this morjijng. and sa!d tliey- recbgtilted
the body as that of Nellie McJienna, who
had lived wiib . »r father ajid'-lirotbers
•onje-where in East Oakland,': Ju^t.at^what
"p«rticular address ¦'lhe'y-'-';coulli"-.'riflt''-S'as:y '
-Dep"uty Coroner. Jiimes Fowled then trover
over iri his b«egj f to . JSast tiaikliaiDd; tLnti
cailed on all the 'Mc'K*rinas*. -whose- names i
appeared In the directqrjv ..He'wae uiiiiUC
ciesful into search lie. -caraolo thd.
h>me of -the'.'M-c'K^tyias iat'.tiie corner of
Kourth avenue, aiid. Eiist: cTSdentieUi
¦treet. There he *ycc«e<le<l in «waUenlnc
Cfcarles McKenna, who had been sleeping
Xiter his nichVs.:vri>rk;pn toe- rallroaa
cars. He accompanied. >Vw)«r to AJa.
tneda and immediately recbgnj.2«d liissis^
if. ¦':-¦' "¦:¦ ¦'¦<i : :v ¦'¦'¦¦:¦¦¦' .-.-•.'. >•--.- ¦¦;¦; •»».•_*,
. Coroner Mehrmann held" • the : : Jrique.st- at
I o'clock— less than half aii hd ; ur aiter the
identification.: Cliarl-ei >IcK-enna, 'tnadie a,
reluctant witness and. thV Coroner "had "to
* xfareaten him witft trnvrisonrnertf if :h.e (lid
not answer the -guestitras pljt ip Win..- The
witness did not knoi\" Ws : • ¦ exact
¦ace. but thought. iiTV v asbetweeji 28 arid
i3 years. He «lld t>t?t know- whether, (she
. »m xnarrted or sinjfie;" -sb«-.WiLS a -dress
'.maker:by occupation..-.' About the JJnd or
Sd lnst. she. told h>r family- i*bat she -was.
going to *i^(|rk : f!^^t^3^1^A|a^xjs4tt;JAd.
h« had not seen .her »lnc«J. •-'••. •.'.'!. ¦: •
: : Th© *trar.grest part of : MeKenna's tertl
xnor.y was nis • siateiricnt that he did not
connect his gtster v : ;A\:itti: : ;th«-" newspaper
•tories that ha^"ebeea published the last
two days. He had read th« accounts, but
had never ihoupht- that "iheycpnceraed a;,
relative of -hie:-- C-i<'. =^' ;^i\ :-. : •:; :-.';:.-. -
. Dr. Funke-AVftsri^f .testified- .tlHit ¦ the
deceased came Va h<r. hQppLtal 6a Febru
ary la. She sraveier' name. as Alice Mc-
Ken^ ie, /though .tb?: wtlii^sVtiaJd that . aa
*. rule iiaiiciM* tfi<i, ni«."- l**U nor yid/sOie'
' »fk their riaTrt<-5= 1 .;..Tlic>-w.omai» hari'V toJd
her . that "her : ¦ ooiidftiiBii.-Avap-.'.unJlnciw-n' '.to
her family-. iar..<j ¦ ?f.hi> ;y.-6rrk'<V.v.vi-ry; -jnuch
for 'f ear • ¦ t li<?>- 'waiild fi ml -h .quf-''. ' ? . •: .-": - '¦ ' '.'.
'¦" •¦Jtli«=s . Ar.llie' tiJeasrji, it". ir.UT*e elftplpved
¦¦byvDr; F«ntef-V\*airnftr..-. told- .ahout -.the
¦ treat rr.fct that hatlV"?.? a Kiyn tt« woman
and L)r. *C. Iii .Tisdalt'.-thV. autop?i' -^bj'sl
¦ cjan. taVi- tiie cjias.«j*-0.f ; dcatti.'.- = .'= -.'^r.-.i •'•'
: : -Tti'i i Otr y ternl e ie<J 4fc v« *&'- ct th at ' ¦$ ea th
.Vas'.usie: to 1>T<hi;1' -.ooisnh'lni?.".: - : Tbe jurors
Wer© S. J. '•••FarrelS; ' iJijriRt. U-rau.; M> Bar
rori.. AVilliam .. Hanjinoivdi - -JpL- ¦ JI : Arnold,
George X. Grar; "Thonias Pray, and' Rob.-.
¦*ert':\Virick*!crnacu..r*:..- : '¦•,''vvj:--:^. > '? - '•:¦. . : ; '-;. &;
ALAMEHA. Feb. 2fi.-NV.tJ6 Mckectia
Zsttt JL.-MX Oakland Hqaie . arid TpU
.; Relatives She Was Goin£ to ; s
Do Dressmakin.g- la .'• i
".:'- ''••' '. Alameda^ ':;¦.""¦. .; V- '">
Charles McKenna Recognizes
r- ; Sister Lying on a Slab '
in Morgue. ' : . ; ['''_¦
DEAD WOMAN
IS IDENTIFIED
STRONG DESIRE FOR OFFICE
CAUSES MUCH VOTE MARKING
ATTEMPT TO BURN
OAKLAND CHURCH
St. John's Narrowly Escapes
- Destruction by Act of
Remnants of Burned Paper
Furnish Evidence of At
tempted Arson.
. . - ¦ « . ._
Scorched and Charred Stairway and
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Feb. 26.
v •» mo uroaowsy, reo. zo.
The members of St. John's Episcopal
Church have been startled by the discov
ery of an attempt to burn their edifice,
which stands at the Bouthwest corner of
Grove and Eighth streets. The startling
attempt at incendiarism was uncovered
this morning.
Sexton Sherwood found the charred re
mains of a mass of burnt paper covering
the steps -leading into the rector's study
at the rear of the church. The blackened
supports to- the railing of the stairway
showed where the biaze had' started and
by some fortunate circumstance had been
extinguished "before it .got' under headway
far enough* to sweep through the large
frame structure." ¦
¦Although '.the damage from the fire was
nominal, -the surrounding circumstances
have -caused a profound sensation among
the members of the congregation. • Every
offort- is being made to prevent publicity,
us the- church- ofiicers believe*, according
to the -statements of Sherwood, that they
can put their hands upon the ..responslMe
person; ' . , •• ¦/- :'¦:¦.
: The evidence of a firebug's destructive
effort w;a* revealed, early this morning
when' Bexton Sherwood -repaired to the
churo.li to -arrange for the- morning ser
vices:.at'7 o'clock which are ' being con
ducted-during I>nt. " It was shortly after
daybreak: and he did not at first observe
the - remains- of -the paper.' As light
dawned .the -sexton -noticed' the unusual
debris arid while he was stirring among
the burned bit? of paper he. noticed the
railing; that had been- scorched and
e-harrea. • ; . ; •; *• :".-••• ;-v:'i-". :
MORPHINE CURE
CAUSES DEATH
Miss* Maggie Hunsacker , a
a °° Victim of Strychnine
/: Poisoning.! .;
Inquest Results in the Arrest of . Three
Persons Charged With Respon
sibility for Her.;::;/
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SEATTLE. Feb. 2G — As the result of an
inquest to-day over the body of Magf?*
Hunsacker,.who died In the Pacific Hou?«
yesterday afternton while undergoing
treatment for the morphine* habit. Arthur
B. Ford, secretary of th» .Washington
Sanitarium; Mrs. Charlotte and
Burt Chapman were arrested on a charge
that they wera criminally responsible for
the woman's death. Dr. George. New
land?, the first witness, said: '¦' ". ' :¦
"The autopsy proved to my mind thit
the Immediate cause of death was strych
nine poisoning-." • • ;.•¦:.¦
Dr. Powers corroborated Dr. Xewland**
testimony. He said that three separate
tests Indicated the presence of tbe drug.
Charlotte Morgan, who admitted that
she , had frequently acted as nurse at the
sanitarium and solicited business for the
concern, said that she had nursed the pa
tient, while she was undergoing the pre
liminary treatment, preparatory to tak
ing the morphine cure. .When her symp
toms bfram« alarming the witness sent
for Arthur Ford, who said that she had
congestion of the lungs and that he would
have his father, Dr. Adam E. Ford, a
member of the Washington Sanitarium,
call and see her. This was on Sunday."
On Monday young Ford called again, and
In the presence of the witness adminls •
tered a tablet of pilocarpine^ The witnes*
saw that the patient had frequently be
come violent and that she had repeatedly
"given her a shot of morphine to quiet
her serves the treatment failed to
do ao." . .
Mrs. H. Hanson, 8 sister ot Miss Han
sa'cker. arrived this afternoon from. Port*
lan«"» to taxe charge of the remains. Th«y
will be shipped to Lathrop. CaL. th»
youog woman's birthplace and where her
parents now reside, for interment. . ,
Hull of the Missing Vessel Fawn Is
Found and Cr»w Have Prob-
WRECKED SCHOONER
CAST ON THE BEACH
ably Perished.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 26.— From advice*
tKat have been deceived here from the
north it is regarded as almost a certainty
that the schooner Pawn, which left Seat-,
tie early In December for this port, hai»
been wrecked and that Captain J. C. Han
sen and hi» crew were drowned. V
It was the intention of Captain Hanse.-v,
artei* discharging Ws cargo cf wood here.,
to enter In the southern coast trade. ' X.
P. 'Rouland of this city was notified bjr
the skipper of his intention and was as»ked
to ke*»p a lookout for the vessel. Mr." Rou
land b/came uneasy as the time passe 1
ant] wrote to Seattle asking if the schoon-.
er had salted. lie received an answer
stating that sh«' left the northern port
December 12. Mr." Rouiand gave up th«
Fawn as lost and yesterday he received
a letter confirming his belief. The letter
was» from Grays harbor, notifying the
customs officials here that .a vessel ha<i
been driven on . the beach, bottom up.
Her ntme was the Fawn. Sh»was loaded
with cord'vood and papers were found
on her showing that her destination was
Ban Diego. . . .
. MONTERBT. Feb. 28.— It is stated that an
decani new bathhouse and swimmir.j tanks
will be erected at'IIoUl del Monte next fall by
the Pacific Improvement Company, to take th«
place ef the present baths, which have seea
twenty years' service. ¦ ' " J °
INTEBESTS : THE • PEOPI/E
l; ' ].( ."OP.THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Among Postofflces In Cali-
foraia and Oregon; and New
¦¦' : '• Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 26.— The following
por-traaiptera have been appointed:*-
California— Louis. W. ; Wellsi Rincon;
William T. Bailey, Requa; N. H. Dorsey.
Delano, Kern Cpuoty; vice J. H. Wlthrow,
resigned; M.Ki Squier. Glbsonville. Sierra
County, viceJ. C. Wblters. removed; H. S.
Keeran, Norman, "Sierra County, vice E.
R ' Willard. deceased, . - " . " . ¦ • .
¦Oregon— Jacob' Bart nik. Noble.* Marion
County, \-ice- G. C. Matlock. resigned.^
The postOfticeat Rio.. Vista, Cal.. wih
become -a Presidential one on April 1; the
salary- of the postmaster; being. J1000 a
. Pensions have been Issued as follows:
Callfornia^-Original— Denni? A. Manning,
San Francisco. $6; Gf-orge I. G. AVJIson,
Oi'alala, S10; Daniel Roberts, dead. Sacra
taento, $17. Increase— John^ Burrows.
Soldiers' Home. Ixjs Angeles, $8: Allen W .
Ardrews, Compton. ?10. War with Spain-
Original— Arthur L. Osburn, San Fran
cisco $6: Francois Gagnon. Redlands, J24;
Arthur H. Jackson, Riverside. $24; Charles
K. Hogan, San Francisco. $17.
Oregon— Original— Abrams : S. XInser.
Noble, $12. Original wldow-s— Jamlma E,
Randall, Newburg. $S; Nancy M. I^e
Francis,. Albany. $8. • T ¦
Washington— Original— Thornton Hams.
Spokane, $6; John R. Crawford, ColvlUe,
$6. Original widows— Elizabeth JL. Frar>*,
Dayton, $8. .* . . .
Patents have been Issued as follows:
California— Louis . H. Barricks. assignor
of one-hair to K. G. Tunnlcllff. San Fran
cisco, electric amalgamator; Herbert Bas
kerviUeASt. Helena, assignor of one-half
to C. A. Baskerv-ille, Los Angeles, ship
ping wrapper: George C. Carson, Castella,
assignor of- one-half to W. H. Brooks.
Kendon. desulphurizing copper matte: Ira
P. Clarke, Alameda. flushing tank: Wil
liam'Connolly.: San Francisco, hair curler;
Erneet A. Faller. assignor of one-half to
J. W. Chisholm, San Francisco, toy build
ing blocks; Robert Franken; Los Angeles,
latch: Newton Lamb., Treka. regulating
device for impact water wheels; Mike
Polich; Riverside, device for treating dis
eases of, the ear: Charles K. Rosenberg,
Ban FraJnclsco, temporary binder.
Oregon — Chrlstoffer A. Chrlstensen. Ore
town, ore concentrator; Edward B. FJeck.
Portland, - electric attachment for o eleva
t6rs. . ./' • " -°i ' • ' - i *'-°. ."•
FIGHT,- FOR "POSSESSION /' . •;[ : I
\ K:°V '.; 6f; ;STJf(itI)E'S; BODY
.Washington— Joseph - Break. Spokane,
automobile; Eugene Brown.-. Col fax, port
able warehouse elevator; Joseph Her fert.
Tucker, "cpmbined 'flower holder and Insect
trapr BsLnjuel J. Knight, Fairhaven.-- flsh"
trap;' Jphp B. and' A. A. Mahana. Toledo,
lire: for vfehicles; K<iward Riley, Spokane,
plumber's- trap;; Simon .II. - Wiesedeppe,
Olympic, *<>rd; tfiittor. " ." ¦]¦ '.:. : • . • V; .
Lob [' Aiigfeles •' Coroner!. Attempts to
Seize a CaJflaver. in! aii.xrfui«r- :
•'';.; taking : Est^ishiaenV '¦¦'
LOS ANGELES. Feb.' M.— A disgraceful
battle: royal- with: a, human." body as- the
prize; took plae£ In; the. morgue of Bresee
Bros., last evening.' Eight men fought for
the remains of- unfortunate-Alfred E.
Ball,!-who hadishot.and killed himself two
hours before..; Core-net Holland... with his
deputy. A; B.'-Struoel, and'J. Booth of a
rival undertaking establishment, triwi to
Bei2e=the body of the suicide." Their ef
it>rts;' ; to remove-It b|» force were resented
and ' repelled. ¦' During the conflict . the
body of. the young man was thrown upon
the cement- floor. ¦•'; " , ;•'• ' '. .
•- Mr." and J Mm. O. T.» Dane, .with whom
the young man , had ' lived; had ' Instructed
Bress'e Bros, to take -charge olr the re
mains, 0 and the body: had, been" removed
to their :. establishment. 'An hour later
Coroner Holland made a formal -demand
for the corpse/ 'which was* refused. The
conflict, followed. The ' Coroner's, force
finally beat a; retreat.. V
. ' , c „ » » ¦ - -
RETTREMENT OF SECRETABY
; .j. . " QAGE IS NOW. PREDICTED
WASHINGTON'. Feb? 26.— The resljrna
tlon' of v Hon. Frank j A. Vanderlip. assist
ant Secretary^ of the Treasury, was an
nouiiced.a.tithe/department to-day, to take
effect* upon '.the qualification, of. bis suc
cessor.^ not .later than March 8.
- CHICAGO.'Feb. 25-— A * special to the
Int«r, Ocean from Washington says: "The
resignation, of Frank "A. Vanderlip fore
shadows f} the . retirement ... of Secretary
GageV- Gage's. remarkable decision on the
'Russian -sugar "bounty has seriously em
barrasse'd'-the" administration, i and there
has been^ much" harsh criticism of his act
in the Cabinet. j •. ' • •-
.-"Secretary Gage ". discovered that the
opinions of the Attorney TJe'neral and the
Solicitor General were against his conten
tion.- He, withdrew from the Department
!qf Justice hl3 request, for a legal opinion
and ucted on* his own Judgment, though
the opinion had- been prepared, which de
molished- .every ¦ argument he made .in
Justification of ; his* act. '-} It was an ° un
precedented act and as much a defiance of
the law as would be an act of the Presi
dent in defiance. of a decision of the Su
preme«Court." - - • *> --
¦ * '
CUBA WILL PROBABLY SUBMIT
WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.— Cuba has been
3 heard from and will • probably submit.
This 'is 'the informatlon^earfng upon'tfti
"outcome of the present effort to establish
relations amounting, to t,hose of a protec
• torate over^ th©= Island republic* that has°
• come, to the administration to-day. "
.'How Cuba "Wfelll take the passage of 3 the
Pla,tt amendment concerns President Mc-
Klnley at this moment" much less Chap
how* Congress is going: to adopt lt.° ' He
hope°s the vote will be practically unanl-.
mQus. He Is likely, 1 to realize > o hls hop'e
.The wave of harmony that swept? over th.o
Senate to-day lias Populism a"
most beneath the surface and. has almost
Submerged^Democracy on this, the-.most
•important question to which the c Presldent
has directed the attention of the Fifty
sixth^ Congress. ¦ ,"» . ¦-. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 190V J
9
Annual Election Contest at Mechanics'' Institute Ends
'Closely Between Neal and Wi|son> :
IT was • apparently a case of ."come
seben,. come' efeben" ; at the annual
election held yesterday afternoon
. and ' evening for- trustees of the
Mechanics' Institute. These annual
elections are .a thing • of joy for , the
pure politicians that, direct their ' affairs:
If any of the gentry Whose names have
gone up and down onthe waves of. politi
cal prosperity and [ adversity could have
seen the energy displayed by the members
of .the Void guard" of.the institute, they
might, have learned a/lesson in practical
politics that would mean easy victory for
them fh future contests. , ¦
'Eleven candidates for . seven positions
"My appetite began. to ;.return . jvith" ihe
first cup. and I had; been enjoying' it fel-.
a month c or more when "sister 6ai4.-.''poes.
your coffee taste as good',as It did'.' •before"
you were eick?' 'Oh,' yes.Vi saldV'it rie.ver
taste* better.' 'If it strong enough, to 'suit
youT "I Taid, 'It could iibt.be improved J
'Do you know,* she .eald. "you. are/ hot.
drinking Mocha or J&f£ byt Poktum.-Food
Coffee?" . And so itVak; every grain of Jt:
"I had often scoffed' at Postum J. Food
Coffee before I knew of its. value and Us
drlicious flavor. ¦¦' :' '. .... " - = -\ '
."It has been a *avipr to. me, Intead-.pf
waitir.g two or three' y<;ars to recover,
strength I am. now in pood; working cop-,
edition Fix months after 'the break down,
and feel better than. I h*ve- iri ten years
rast."-S. W. H — : . Everett, Wash. Pull
r.ame grlven by Postum Cereal Co.,* Ltd.,
Battle Creek. Mich. • .¦'",.•.'"
There is a reason for.such.rapid recov.-
try. Postum Food Coffee contains' 'the
natural phosphate ot potash, and albumen
from- the grains of the Held. 'w.hjch nature
ha* sent for the Use of humanity in the
body. 'These materials combine in the
human system and go. to.make o up Ihe
era y matter that fills "the nerve cells. In
the brain and all through the structure.
We "must furnish proper materials if we
would build the proper, body. c ' '
You can get those materials , in a" de-
>"«tous=ronn In Postum Food Coff««.-
WIIIIIIWI ITMH -— Ml— ¦
"Of course. T^as'll^g^h:;^^'-*^
strength, and. two years 3 go .ihe .pj&^icai
craeh came— rien-ous . ' ".and.
neurasthenia. For \reek* I jCO^UT not eyen.
walk or stand alone. Th(8;ph|^iclan;8kid"
It would be. two or three : ; y.ears.^befoi-pV-I
could recover eo as -to: be able, to ;0lo aby-
thlng. My appetite was kone; Tcoul^ not'
eleep, and I was in.a;desperate condlttah^-
aervous and otherwise;. .."¦. '¦'••. V" "; \ :- -- : \:.".
"I was wanting coffee verir badly-, -but it
was kept from me; One morjurig abqy't
three weeks after the break dowtij .the
jiurse brought me a cup of. coiTee bjf.~delf~
clous flavor. "May I have It?* I exclalmeii;
•yw; the doctor eay«; it wfll npt^hurt
you now.* I could not understand It/arid
<Sld not try, but Just-drank the .coffee, [and
had It e\*erj' morning- after that.. -\. ,: -. ."-
• "1 have.. ,l>een a ¦¦•¦school -t^adh^t,; : a.nd-; .-*
f«Tf years :stgp began to ieel I- \ra* jiretty-
-well w6ra"|outvand;;;-r.c^<?UK;'''f6un"^::tjiatyii-
nraa dejienaing rj&r* . iiid . mtpire'.upoii- \ ipy
coSfee to' carry me thtpugh^iri^-d^y ; $:^.orlt.;
Many times, when tea«hiT>g;iLn'a, .boardingv
tchool, I haye^ted.':the"-^ati^n.^ocai.-'coi».'
cf coCfe© 'stror.K,' because f ¦feivijlcbuld
jiot get througli th« re<itatibn .\riihb-utyit.
•T>octor .after '-doctor ¦j.s^i^-iV-^houl3\n6t
Crlnk. strong" 'coffee^ t. it'-J^Btr^c'lc -.. jpe : : -^s'
peculiar: . tbat '. ihiji")a.&y\'ce .'. : irijipii3<l; >:fe»"J.«o'
tuilyifcrjfcM.- f"-'- '* ' '-*-• /• ¦>¦:¦¦'-¦'-. ¦ \< '.'¦;'¦. '¦'.¦:?', :."f' : is^S\ :
GOT HERtCOFFE^;
It Pulled ISfir^iDiit
rOSnTM^CESKAV
i Why don't you try „.>- '* . >
Cpttolene^--
. "Itecotnmcad hs ose In place of /
lard or in cakes in place cf butt: r, ,;.
"SARAH TYSON RORER,
"Principal Philadelphia Cooking School."
"Much supertofto lard as a fry-
ing medium and shortening; agent*
''EMMA R EWING,
"Dean Chautauqua Cooking Schocf
This is what two of the leading*
cooking authorities in the United
; Statcs : say of ; -'i-.; r :'¦¦¦; : : ; •%'.;:•' ::¦•'. ¦¦¦[¦¦ '"_
; . White
Cottoletie.
Pies and biscuits shortened with
pure • . " ¦ .: -'" "¦'. ¦'• .» ' ¦'
71 • j •>-¦'.-
vvnite
Cottolene t
are who 1 esome, appetizing and di-
gestible. l V: ¦':
HThe N.K.Falrbank Conrpany,
Chicago— Sole Jtanof aetunn
rncpi: Oue dainty booklat.
rKCCi .. A publlo »S»3ret."
mailed free to any addres*.
For two i<? stamps wo wlU
tend free our 12i-pac« re«tp»
> book. "Horn* Helps," edited
P. S;^-No Hog Fat In COTTOLENB°
©VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MLH*
MORMON. BISHOP'S PIXX3
hare been- tn n«« over fifty
years by the »~<J?r» of, th.
i Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure • th« •
worst eases tn old- and youna;
1 arising from effects of self-
- abuse, dissipation, excesses or
• cUarftte-smoklne. Cure Cost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
'Power. Nl«ht Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desire*. Lame Back.
Nervous Dvblllty. Headache. Unfitness to Mir-
, ry. Lobs of Semen. »-. Vartcoc«I«CT Con-
sUpation; Stops NeQ €_M rvons Twitching
of Eyelids. Eftects ZmSZL* * • lmmedlat*.
Imnart vigror and CCJITS potency to «rery
function. Don't gret <Ie«pondent: a ctir« Is at
hand. Restore «tnall. undeveloped oreans.
Stimulate the brmJn.and nerve centers p Me a j
box- « for $2 50 by mall. A written ipiarant«t ,
to cure er money refunded with i • bpjtw- Cir-
cular* fre#. Addres* BISHOP REMEDT COt
1 40 o Ellis st.. San Francisco. CaL GRANT
DRUG CO.* » and 40 Third St.
j visit OR- JORDAN'S great ¦
SmOSEUM OF AHATOHYI
i ' • CM I55uusorw.us.fti4?!i.s./.ai.i ;
\ CT The Ltrnit Anatomical Ma«;m m the K
A ' ~H _ We*uL W«Jcnet%«« «r any aontnetea A
'"' JEM dnnu fc^itiirlr earad h; the olds« V
Cy iSa? t>pcoiliisrn tV. Coui Eil 3S73*r> 9
A Avivl BS.JCaiWH-rKnATHBJSEASSSI
\ 9<*ife5n Lo-MuKitioa t?*t »nd jtrirtif privitt \
A IlxirS Tn umeni prnonaliy or by letter. AS
\ 1 7 HlH J-f-tna CSofcin e»;ry CKCnnJ:lt><«l. T
Am* lit; w M e i« 'diok. reiiLO«orav •« 4
V « (/ ' llTrdAliaiASK, IIAILSO FiO*. «.\*
\ A ¦ jb' »»»u»i»« fcook *°» "J"?' «' A
9 1>B. JTOBDAK AC»..ICil JIart8tBt..a f. f
VALUABLE TESTIMONIALS, ;
« s A' few of over One Thousand, from Famous Physicians.: • \
\ . Professor Von Moseti^-'Moorhof, Vienna, Austria, •*'
, • Professor of Surgery, Imp. UniTersitjr," writes: i'l h*Ve employe^ Hauyiidl Jsnoi
\ Water In cases of Obstinate Constipation with excellent and immediate effect.'?, '. '
'f '. . ¦ . ' "- > Professor Lomikowski, Charkow.'Russla, ". :' • ',
Profeesor in Thrraprutica at the University, writes:'* HndjudlJaiio* stands first '
,. among all Aperient Waters/' "**.,/ : .' '"-•!'. a i*. ""¦* v '. ! i
. . . Professor D. Lamb! ,' Warsaw, Russia, ,..-. '. - !
| Professor of Clinical Medicine at the TJniTerslty, trriteB:H Hanyadl Jano» Bitter |,
s Watir, besides being an excellent general Aperient, has proved siierlally efficacious
in the treatment of chronic constipation, Venous ' obstructlbtf and congestion,
affection and obesity." ,« , . ' - . ¦'.'¦;•¦ •'.'' *,- • ¦ i
No Medicine in the World can compare with ••Hunyadi-Janos." . I;
: Always Ask For HnnVfllli IsWir^TBDE° SAN FR^NCISCO; : CAL.L, JVEpyESPAY. FEBRUAJRy 37, 190ll ! ; •
10
HELP " WA5TKCD— MALE./
DISH"WASHER and lunch waiter ".wanted :•
¦wages $2ft, for dishwasher.. Troy • Hotel. . SO*
Twentieth st.. Potrern, ' •* <•• ¦' -
~^~ r , " _- '..., •:... - ." ••
BOY; $3 to start. 83 Third, st. - ,-'¦.. - '
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper.'. 29 Stockton it.
TAILORS wanted on custom' coata by H."
HILP. 104 Battery st. " •,¦.'";, "
WANTED— Recrutta for the Marine Corps. V. .
8. Na%Tr. able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages at 21 and 33; not
Ut* than 6 feet 4 Inches «ndnot over 8 feet
1 Inch In helzht: able to °read. write and
speak English. For i further' Information ap-
ply at the Marine Reerultinc- OfSce, 40' Ellis
•t.. S?»n Francisco. Cal. '*•-',-...
ALL MEN— Our catalogue explains how w«
teach the trade In two , months, saving two
yearn; mailed free. We have no Sc'ahop in
connection with our college. Our chairs antt
furniture are all made- to order with- a View
to cleanliness and convenience; -MOLER'S
Barber College. <3> Clay st. Beware of any
cheap lrnltfltlcns.> ¦".'.¦--• . •
WANTED— A thoroughly exDerienced . buyer
ami salesman In furniture and carpets: stats
references, where last employed, salary ex-
pected and age: applications will not be con-.
sldered which do not contain this Information
complete. Address: R. F. B.., box , 1537. Call.
WANTKD— Laborers and mechanics to- know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
1 runs ; Denver House. 217 Third st. r 150 larg»
room»; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per wee-k.
TAILORS— Ladies" tailor wanted for; 'country;
must - be first class and rapid-. Apply at
STEIN. SIMON & CO..'S. Market and Second.
WANTED— A strictly first-class carriage black-
smith. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS, CO..
Sacramento. Cal. •, ¦, • ,'",'• •__•
BRIGHT errand boy wanted. BELASCO-
' HA«RI5 CO.. 541 Market st.
WANTED— Good country solicitors. Monterey
Central Oil Co.. room 40J, Examiner building.
BARBERS-^GQod-paylng shop for sale. 200
Powell st. ', : ' ., =¦
BARBER short for sale; must sell. Call Im-
mediately. 1612H Folsom st. '".- .' .' -•
WANTED— Men to drive teams; steady work.
Apply early to GRAY BROS.' stables. Seven-
teenth st., near Guerrero. ¦.';•.
RELIABLE young man with little cash: «>
month and board. Apply restaurant. 49< 4th.
BOY for all-around work In printing office.
103 California St.. room M. ¦ ¦ . .
BARBERS — Good 2-chaJr shop cheap; must
• selL DECKEU1A.N* BROS.. 106 EUla at.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25o
to EOc. CK.' Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d its.
IMMEDIATELY; three young men of good ad-
dress for city and country work; liberal sal-
ary. Call £9 Columbian building, city.
BRIGHT men of good address; money ad-
rat-ced to right party. Call between 3 and
9 a. m. at 302 Post st.
60 TEAMSTERS, steady work, $1 75 and $3 per
day. Apply S13 Ninth st. :¦
ALL >tzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d ata.
Carpenters, blacksmiths gt green -"hands whal-
lng. cruise oa steamer.- Herman's. 28 Steuart.
TEAMSTERS wanted. Apply 527 Fourteenth
street.- •• • % ,. "•_., :.,J-\ -¦•,.-- '• ,-.¦,..'¦ .
WANTED— 10O men= to take rooms.' 10c. 13c and
. . 20c. Boston House. J30 Howard «t. -
SAILORS, blacksmiths, se'ame-n & green hands;
all parts .of world. HERMAN'S. « Steuart.
PENSIONS^J. 0 H.'Shepard & Co.. old reliable
.firm. ' 866 ; Market. room, 40.' Phelari building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ke.t: 7(50 rooms. ,2Sc night; readlng-rsoms; fre«
'bus and baggae to- and" front ferry. -,»¦'-¦:' V
jHQRSEai;;AXP r .\VACOXS.
HANDSOME matched : team. pi carriage horses;
•"¦ 1 and » years -oldr sound atnd' In- excellent .
.condition: well broken , to slngln and doubt» .
, harness." ; DAVIDSON- & LEIGH, 30 Mont-
.•¦gQmefy;st.: ,'.:-'-;.;;O";^. •¦¦r.-t. ':¦'•- • ' ¦':¦'. ¦'.
"40, HORSES ¦ Car sate; also, wagons. . buggies,
• carts t ° harness, ¦ Grand Arcade Horse Market. :
: 827 Sixth st.;' auction sales ev>rv Wednesday.
• SULLJVAy •& DOtLE. -Auctfoneera::. " . . •
S. F: .VETERINARY Colleg*. win commence Its
• .td session June- Vi, VCatalorue by a-pplying to-.
• M. L. Pancoast. -sec.-tlQ- Goldea Gate ave ( >: -."
A NEW pncumatiCrtired rfad. buggy. DR. L.
% KRAKER. veterinary, dentist. ' l&t GoWea •
' ¦ Gate av'e.. cof. ¦Leovenworth. «t.'.". ; : : : ¦ • : »•:;>.:
EXTRA fine' Parlf h^rse* for na>e: will HrWH '
' arid: ride.' ' Address ,R;' W; SCOTT. 128 EJ1!», .'
FOR isale-tGoocl f a'th^T • ctnf. .' £10. Hatcht »ve,
[Ajameda.. ' ¦* : . z ' >.-:.•¦-- V-V. ;.-'=/-,.'¦"¦ -. .- .j?.-
THREES fast* road hdrses; also-.som* good
- ' bUaJftees. horsey.; at,' 72^"Ho.ward' «t.,- " : ,. : -
'A — lOO :SETS B-^or.ci-J-.and harn-si; .'.'vaniM, '
carts, buggies, surreys, horaes. . "U40 Folacmy ¦
an A Ko.oi ixp^^-:visoa,.«tut*'j((«».-)t S ))^
% camping .wagon, for s«l».<»he«n.-'- 1132- Mission..-
- , X ;? Hbtr"SEs" : ' : TQ;-LET-.- i : .'V:^'-.- : ..¦'
A— PRINTED LIST, Houses to Jet; send for ctr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN- fc CO., 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO. . : LETt— KIIKivisiIEp. :
;FURNI$HED house *.of,:14 rooms;; all', fuU;. rent
$30: a snap. 417 Harrison .st.',"'^ '.. "r •;¦'••" .•• . .:-,
• ' . ;Ud(ISB " CLKAMMJ. _ ;' ' y.\ •" '
J"APANESE House:. Cleaning , Co.;.,estab. ISM.
removed to 419 DgTlsadero.at.. tet FfU. 138,
...' " J JXVALID .FCnSITCRE; ..'...-' '¦¦'-'
---_- -i-.^ r .-.T.^<^^.p.--J-|-^.^ f : 1 . or<ri p n L ;^ x -J .'
INVALID furniture and appliances; sale or rentr
F. QOODBAN, 11H Van . Ness ave.. nr. POst st.
.* - f . 1 ' j.- *". ' ]LO *' ]^ • AJto WOUXT).- . :\ •;/",' ¦ : '.:-:' : .
•A REWARD! given to'. party,' Who Is known.
' .;' pteked- un lady's .satchel' containing money
.'.'and ticket.' corner Eighth '.(md. Folsom ata..
26th lnat. , R^etarn. : t». .1327 .Howard, mt.
LOST— Deed .from pally", and. others to J, J.
Eagen, and -dee'd*. Eagea . to Daily ; lands la
Fresno County ;. df . $2. Send to M3
Market St.. room 23. . . : ;.- '¦-. . ¦ .
LOST— Feb. J*. a gold watch with soldier" •
picture Inside. Return to. -Central Park.
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth- c*r*
MISS. McNEILL; $10 SO ¦reward, •
$30 REWARD for the' return of solitaJrs 0i&*
mond scarf pin Iqsf at' Cltlt House.- Sunday.
24th inat.-; Return to -FRED.' DB FERR-iRJ.
217 Montgomery .ave.' • ' , -..;. ' ' ¦,. . '
Wanted— Old. gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
jeweter; Sit OTarr«n. bet. Powelt tmd .Maaon.
OLD-g9ld.- silver, diamonds and precious stones
¦ bought. J. R: JENKfeU »17 Market st.
aiA^rTRKSSRS A>P yFtlOjOaTKRy
MATTRESSKS and . upholstery; tel Sooth 792:
to otder or .renovated, feather and -hair
, steamed; •xpert carpet cleaning; strictly n~
liable. HOPKE BROS.. K3-320 Eleventh St.
„ . MISCELLANEOUS— FOR : SALE.
EOILEHS. engines, "Jd-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A. WQLPMAN;- 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases; counters.
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfit* on. San 1;
S2 complete outfits on one; floor, ready made:
w» can ship -everything In- 24 hours.. J. ' .
NOONAN. -1017." 101S>. 102V 1023 Mlsalon st.
above Sixth: write for, catalogue - .'¦-. ' .
r.UY a bra/d-new typewriter fcu*$5dowa and
$5 per' mopth; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. "4C9 California
st.: rentals, new machines. 3 $3 per, month. ¦' *
A-DUTP. sells or rents- gea.t* machinery, en- '
glnes, -boilers, water pipe*, shafting .pailtyi,
etc. WinTELAW. 2X6 Spear it. .•; ;. .-
FOR sdle— A 21S egs \ Jubilee- 'hutcher " mt. •> ¦
' -bargain. . Inquire of-F., M.,SUTTOX T74«
rrwlght way. Berkeley .%= af^er 1 p.' m.' ; ¦ : •
A— ro-TON Howe wagon scaled cbmpound
. beam.- Apply at SH California st! •.-•;:.- .
A— 15 AND 1 23 H.- P. boiler; S;H. P. -engine;
cheap. ,- J. BURKE.. 139 Beale st.= . .-; ;
FOR ' .sale-Store fixtures., all kinds. "~Appiy-"«
MRS. FRANK SILVA. San liafaeU ' • .\T • .'
TWO fresh Jersey cows and ealf for sale at '23^1
Twenty-third st.. near City and County Hoi.. I
FOK sale— Pedigreed cocker spanlei pUps.. 411S.
Twenty-fourth it. o » „' /. -v -. .- •
TINNING machines In good square. ¦
shear*, etc. Box 19£>. Call offlce.- C . J
•W 2ND-HAXD enameled .bath tubs; 20 11. »P. '.'¦'
estlnghouse motor; cheap., 204 maslon »t "
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-band. all makes, at low
,• figures. L. A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Moiifg'T.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and* Sl-hand i '
all sues: guaranteed: NEWELL. 58 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand raoderwenginw and
2 boilers bought and sold. KROOH. MFO. CO. -'
2D-HAND steam. «as. oil. -water ami .ilr irva- ;
oChlnery bough: and sold.^ White. 518 Mission. ¦
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic ? lantern goodt \
bcuRht. jiold. exchanged. 10» Montgomery rt. '
PAPES-New and second Kahd. THE HKn-
M.AN ; HAFK CO.. 417-423 0 Sacrament6. St. . : .
MAGIC „ lanterns, new and 2d-hand' niovlnf
pictures. Bt'LLARD & BRECK. oJ3I Post at. |
SAPES^N>w and second hand: all° alzea. THB °
WALTZ SAFE. lft»-lH Market 0 »t.. San Fran. .
M M» C K f. I . A .N K 6 1. r. • XV A XI' 31 .
LADIES' rid gents' cast-otS clothing bought A
¦¦old. Silverman. 3S4 Folsom: tel. Folsoro 'ltOl.
WANTED— A small safe. Box 1333. Call offica.
\ =;;: . •;-:.CLAinA*OYAJtT8. ••.-. ¦ •
— « , — i i-J-rr'r -i.4-i.n.i-i--i-on.^n-i.-.*-.-L-.nj-.-.-.-i.
A— THE Flr«t" Graduated Palmist Ever In San
-Francisco.. ' -. ' ¦¦"-• •.•••'."; . .."
-.•', ". PROFESSOR JOHNS. ' '
¦ The wcrld'B greatest HVI"ns palmist and clair-
voyant, can be consulted dally on nil affairs of-
life; he advices you whether you, win be fuc- :
Cessful In business," mining or. lawsuits, etc.;
Professor Johns is. beyond the .shadow of a
i .doubt the . most eclentlflc practicing palmist
and. clairvoyant In the : world- to-day. .
: There Is no home so" dreary or,- tad; no life
,?o hard and blighted,' no- heart ,so sad and
lonely, that cannot be.Fet right and "Kept right
after a visit to this Inspired prpphet/cr modern
times; all lontr-standlng and 'chronic disease*
that have baffled the physician's, skill cured
without the use of medicine; he reunites , the
separated., .settles lovers' quarrels, causes
•peedy and • happy . marriage, : locates hiilden
treasures, removes evil influences; cures fits;
drunkenness cured wlthouU the • patienVs
knowledge; tells If your loved one Is true; en-
ables you to win the affection of any one you
desire; also that which a person is best adapt-
ed for In life Is pointed out; ne enables you to
overcome your enemies; no matter what your
trouble is. he can and will • help you or
charge you nothing for his services.
N. B. — Palmistry taught: medlumlstle per-
sons developed. 26*^ 'Kearny et., near Market.
Readings by mall.
If you cannot call, write. Give date of birth,
state whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss; ask six
questions: Inclose $1. 9 a. m. to 8 p. tn.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader;
free tests 25c up. 472 Stevenson st., cor. Sixth.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c 7 Seventh' st.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 116th; German spoken; tel. Howard 1S4S.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 4<S«,j Jessie St.. bet. Cth & 6th.
MR?. B. BAUMAN. the well-known fortune-
teller, has removed to 222 Eddy st. "
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 2fic. 1143 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA, reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 2."c up. G Fourth st. :
CAIU'RTV ItEATIXG A\D CLI2ANIXO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works, 3T3-357 Tehama St.: tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at«3c per yard, laiil at 5c.
ETRATTQ^'S.'3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.:
J. E. MITCHELL. Cwpet-Beatlng and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
c6nKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works.' 333 Golden
Gate ave. -." telephone East 126. . J •_ ¦ .•
CHIROPODISTS.,',
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, -warts, chil-
blains: painless care. : Dr. Duncan. 415 Putter.-
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE-W. KELLY'S Agency^No chargTmv
. }em puorp»*fnl. Room 310. M7 Market -ft. i
COTTAGES TO" 1ET.' -.'-,''
COTTAGE, 'of '4. rooms and ¦basement,-* Apply
M3 ShotwelUst. ' - •"¦ 'J > -.-';/ ¦ <
UITERREBQ.; 1M)&— Cottage '5 'rooms.. 'bath' and
stable. Key at'3323 Mission. St.. ; agent._ ' -. ;
SUNNY, 4-xoonis. yard, tjfr;' wa.teivfree." S.Rln-
•• con, ave.: key 623 .tiecond Et.' ';["" c - ' .-•*'.-,
•TWENTY-FIFTH 3832 — Cottage... 3 . rpoms;-
large yard; .rent tS.- '- ¦'..'• •• - „ 1
. ''•'.'. DENTISTS.-'^'o, •, "".•¦*„»
ATThe ELECTRO-DTrNTAL'CLINIC. SoTMart-
k~t St.. ost. 4th. rm. 7,- Flood -Wdc you can!
have your extractions done parnlessly; teeth'
without plates our. specialty; gold crowns,.
$3 £0 up; plates, extractions, free. $4 SO up;- ¦of-
fice' hours; «> a. m. to W p. rn". 0 to' 2
p. m. J. W. THATCnVTR. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days'- on a«-
plates, crowns and brldgework. Se^ our new
unbreakable plate." the" Rose Peatl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 W>; ffIllngs..50c:',p'.ates.' 1
$3. full set; all work-painless ahd, warranted. :
__ Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 glxth_ st. '-'
EICHT frizes for best'crowrjS. plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions . or nlllngs'fcy my
wonderful secret, painless • methods ,20 'years'
experience; « no student*: -advice 'free: 'prices
. cheapest and guaranteed; fady 'attendants.
Dn. GEORQE W. LEEK. 20 0'FarreIl at. ' .
DR.'LUDLUM HILL, J443, Market. ¦nr.,.Eleventh
; ' —No charge -fpr extracting when- plate's are
made: old plates made ovc-r, like; new; teeth
. from $8 per set: extracting. r.0c: gas given. "
THE New. York Dentists have moved/.to 903
. Mission st. cor. Sixth.: Consult us on crowns
and bridges: difficult" plate w^rk solicited;
positive painless extraction. EOc. ; '. • : '.
DR.n.L. WALSH. SlSli Oeary. nr. Larkin— Pnlrii
- le«s extraction E0c:plates^5 up:pbone Polk 1135..
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. «Bush—
Full s»t of te?jh.'$4: <rowns.' $3; fillings.' 25c.
DR. H. G.TRUEMAN. derrtlnt. -third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly Int-Murphy^ bldg. j
VAN VROOM— "Painless": .evenings arid Sun-
days. 1001 Marked st. corner Elxth. ;
BET 'of 'teeth wlthcnit . plates. ' DR. H. G.
,- ¦vot-vo. nn'pniic >t.-...-- ¦•-¦¦¦----
' EDCCATIOXAL. .
EVKNING' SCHOOU "tCTy. KUSlNESS~'coi^
LEG E. 123* Market Ft.; Individual Instruction
In bookkeeping, f-horthandi Knslish branches;'
civil tervlce coaching: tuition. $5 month, -,.•-.
ALL students but two taking full" course this
I year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUS1-
r; N'KS8 COLLEGE. 123C Market 'St.
AIKES' Business College, 7i'?. Market" sU— Day
: and evening; JS per month;' $j0 Uife' sc)io!ar-
j ship guarantees a' complete busineft educa-
: tlon, including the commercial and shorthand
•"OurEe*: telegraphy, penmanship, .etc. ; posl-
tfons cerurfd. for graduates: catalogue. i
GALLAGHER MARSH College. Parrott bids.—
¦ o Khorthand, t>plng and bookkeeping; Robert F.-
Gallagher, expert court -reporter, 'teacher, of
. .ehorthand: reportorlal phrasing tausht;. prac-
tlpal bookkeeping, full course. $.%O; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
rchool for the university,, law and medical
• coiSeces; references. "-President 1 Jordan or any"
Stanford profpfsor. Pljelnn bulldinff.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
: 'torifc guaranteed, to -It "by j written .contract,
ond , can ; therefore with confldence : guarantee ,
ronltlons to all Its graduates. "» 305 J.nrkjn «Vffi
MINING school of II. Hjrschlng. 23?K*earny st..
open : - day and eve. classes; chemistry. Hxlva-
tion, . mineralosy, erolosy, coal" oil formation.
HELP WAXTED—FEMALB.
EXPERIENCED shirt finisher*. Apply *t 3
.'Eddy St., rooms a and 6, bet. 9 and 10 a. m.
APPRENTICE, girl on custom coats; paid
while learning. 8 Geary court, near Leaven-
¦ worth. . ¦-'•.:, . ° , <• ¦' ,
GIRL or woman -for housework: plain cook-
Ing.' .9 Glen Park ave., off. Twelfth St., near
» Mission. ~ , '
FOR WlllcoJr &' Gibbs machines, experienced
operators. Apply S. W. iTATTERN, » Stev-
ecson St., near First. "¦ . . ,
WANTED— Competent nurse: 2 children; wages
$20.' CATTELL'S. 523' Eighth St.. Oakland.
SCANDINAVIAN girl: boaVdlng-house cook.
° NELSON'S... Oregon St.. near-Drumm.
CUSTOM shirt 'ODerators arid finishers. D. C.
HEGER. 1344 Market »t.. epp. Seventh.
"WANTEIV-A .neat reliable jrirl to assist with
JiQUsework. -666 Castro «t.
GERMAN girl V general housework; small fam-
¦> lly; ; wages |20.< 1904 Broa4way.
FINISHERS and apprentice girts on custom
0 coats. H. HILP.lQg Battery sU
AN experienced apprentice girl to- work on nne
/custom coats. 334 Kearny. st. room 9.
GERMAN rirl .for light housework. 2618 Bry-
ant- sf.. bet. Twenty-fourth and Twenty-flfth.
FIRPT-CLASS. up-to-date woman cook; wages
gocfl; some work. 1387 Alice st. r Oakland.
WANTED— A Swiss or German girl for general
housework. 621 Commercial st. ; ".
WANTED— 2 experienced waitresses X none but
experienced need apply. 20 Third st.
YOUNG girl to assist with light work- and
child; sleep home. 1010 Bush st. *-
BRIGHT, active girl wanted for, bakery. Ad-
« dress box 1916, Call. > - c .'
WANTED— Girl; for light housework. Apply
2S39 Bush st.,',' corner Lyon..
FIRST-CLASS ladles* hairdressers and ventHa-
tors.% 40 Geary fit. ¦
LADIES to learn a trade and be Independent:
barber trade taught In eight weeks; hair-
" dressing in four weeks: catalogue mailed free.
¦ MOLER'B Barber and Halrdresslng College,
635 Clay gt; „ . 1 0 To
WANTED— Experienced saleslady' in art goods
° department ;„ one who r can. - embroider; state
'experience, .reference, salary! expected. Apply
box ;^1947. Call office. . 3 , . ; ¦
WANTEDr-Saleslady experienced In selling
patterns; *Jate experience, reference and sal-
.= ary.^ Apply" box 1948. Call qfflce. .
WANTED— An experienced gfrl for downstairs
3 work; must be a good cook; wagea $25. HSd
O'Farrell st. „ . , . •¦
REFINED^ willing girl to , assist with the
care' of'ojtjo small children: references : re-
quired. Call at 900 Devlsadero at., afternoon.
WOMAN or rirl for light housework; small
, f ami ly. 1 716 Franklin Bt. >"=:-'.„•
YOUNG girl wanted to do light housework;
sleep home; wages $9., Apply 6 Bond st.
GIRL to d» cooking and plain washing.- Xo. 6.
' Presidio. _'" *° ~ * z o ¦ •' ° y
APPRENTICES in millinery store at 692 Mc-
Allister SU ;»,' \-> .°'°°. i =''
WANTED— Flrst-clasa^ finisher .on; custom
coats;- steady work. 443 .Bryant St.. nr. 3d.
NEAT girl for second work; wages $15; refer-*
ences. 1180 O'Farrell st. S, °%/ ¦ V. , •
OPERATORS .oh -ladles' 'underwear 'to ; Vrbrk'
in factory. , 723 Market st.. J roort»- 35^ - , . .
WANTED— Button ; sewers ° at. Lett Strauss tc
Co.' s. 36*4 Fremont st. ' e a ' •" ° ¦
~~ . HELP :; WAATEU MALE. - } •.'
AT^."lC1^NSE^^'CO.''sV.y.Pho.nVGrani"l» i
„• .RAILROAD WORK. :..-.» "' •.
Tunnelmen, big tunnel, Chatsworth Park., ¦
Teamsters, Nevada. ¦¦> ' - ',/. ¦ - c - ; • •: a ¦ '-
and laborers, new work.j°.« • _'•
Free Fare. ',. : . ' 3 Free Fare,'
• Colored coal miners, married a and single,
' best -of wages, free fare, apply by. phone,,
wire; or letter or call In person, Vhip in about
« days. • , • -.. . " %-. °,c . •
Milker, .$35. see boss here;- 2- Swtas- milkers,'
$30; vegetable gardener, $30i 3 -farmers, ; $20
and $26. . ..,':,•'
HOTE1, DEPARTMENT, i !
¦¦ " ' Xight clerk, hotel. $30; neat yqung
! barkeeper, |45 and board; cake baker, coun*
try. $»0; second cook, country hotel, $35 and.
fare advanced; 6 waiters, hotels, $30 ,to.'$35'-
broiler," $60. -. , ../.-..
Pialn washer, country hotel, • $35: and;. free,'
fare; -laundrj-map, country ..hotel. ; $20 and
fare: advanced; washer, hand laundry^ ¦ $25;
washer for big steam laundry, $30 and found;
marker and 'distributor, '$40; bell boys,-. |10,- : -
\$12, $15 and $20. . " .:- "• •"• ' ' "¦ :-• ...
C. R. HAXSE.V.& CO.. X. 104 Geary st. '.
A— WANTED ,.\i J .......%..< ¦•«,>•„¦
Experienced grocery wagon "driver, $10 a week,
and Increase; hostler and drive road 'team,
$30 and found ; German ; for' private place,
near city, $25 and f ot^nd ; choremon, milk .and
' make butter, $25 and found; groom and man
about place, country. $25 to S00: handy- man
around hotel, .?20 and found! hotel porter,,
country, $20 , and found; fanner for. .orchard.
$40; German • cellarman for •' wine; cellar.. $12
a' week; cheese maker. $35 and found; 2 milk-
ers, ' country, $35 and $25; .ranch, cook, see
boss: here; second cook on boat. $25; office
boy, wholesale house; 2 tearnsters, .-.city, $26,
board and room; restaurant waiter, cltj, $40t:
and others. • We guarantee, . every, position,;
and will refund fare both • ways. •" also office-,,
fee, to any one not off ere<J , work where we]
serd him. No other office gives this guir-
ontee. ome and see us before going to some
unreliable offices. • W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clayst. ' ; ,\ .',-¦¦ , • /. , . :
A— M17RRAY & READY ...Phone Main 5843-
Leading Employment and ' Labor Agents.
.WANT 7 A. J 21.' TO-DAY. ; A.., :
Gardiner, near city .; ...,.....'.:$S3'
Handy! man as rough carpenter, and do some
blacksmlthlng. for a ranch.:..'.'.. ......
Man fdr sheep , ranch 1.J23
4-horse* teamster,, near .city..:..:.. .':.-...-¦
- 5 milkers, different places. ........ '.'.$30 and* £5
" Married teamster. Shasta' County.. .:../.. ..'..'..
3 teamsters, city; stablemen; 6 choremen,
$10, $15 and $25. .* ; " . •>' "'. .* ». ;
• -¦* c • ¦ , .' .. — '-rr ¦ :
Butcher, country shop ,$35 and founJ
. Cook,° camping. ontflt/ ...i.-.tso
• Dishwasher for oamp; country. J.......; :$ro
i 6 cooks, country...-.' $30. $40 and $50-
, Portbr, $20; 4 waiters. t25 and $30; dishwasher
for a club. MURRAT.& READY. 63>-63S CUy.
MAN for fruit ranch, $20, board and good bed;
v redwood tlamakers; teamsters, ft 73 to $2 per.
flay; quarrymen. Cal, Emp. Agency, 09 Third
-,-st.: phone Red 31.'., " :.'.. ; ¦ .• ¦ . - :
COLORED watter Cor : grillroom, country, see
party here; 2 bell boys, $10.. .-MRS.' M." E.
PAY & CO.. ,335- Geary st. t . ;'_' J ,- .'
3OURNCYMAN Barbers' International Union—
Fre« employment: only recognized onion. 115
j " Turk;= tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS. . Secretary.- ¦
CHANCE for active, temperate ' man in per-
manent, position of trust -as -collector and. in-
side man with real estate and loan company;
must make cash deposit for honesty; salary'
$IS weekly with. Thance of advancement; ex-
perience unnecessary; references exchanged
and unlneumbefed real estate' security given
for money deposited. Address in own hand-
wrltlng. - Permanent, box 19Cg. Call office.
WANTED-^A first -class' bushelman to work-in
.. tatlor rhop on unfinished coau; must be good
-tailor; also 1 or. 2 basters to work by the
piece;' steady work 'and gocd; pay. .27 Geary
St.. S. X. WOODS' workshop." _ - .
SALESMEN wanted to sell our goods by sam-
1 pie to wholesale and retail trade; we are the
' largest and only manufacturers In "our line ¦
•in the world: liberal salary 'paid. -Address
CAN-DEX MFG. CO.. Sarannah. Ga. " '
WANTED— Boy of about 1G- to • 18 years for
position as stock clerk with retail dry goods
house; references .required. Address "O. F..
. box 1909. Can office. .- .- * -
WA NTEt>— Experienced domestic salesman;
.state age. experience and Salary expected.
? Apply box 1911, ';Call office. -. ; - ¦ ..
DETECTIVES— Men wanted'' experience not
nsceBsaxx: if experienced state particulars..
Box 125. .Philadelphia. Pa. ° •
MEN trt Jearn. barber trader catalogue mallad*
free. ;S.> F. Barber College, 74fA Howard st.;
» no barroom chairs usedln.thjs college. .
WANTKIV-Stcariy man; light indoor Work; will
i pay $15 week to start; steady place; roust have"
$7:>. Mclaughlin. 7*7^ Market st. , J
BOY wanted; florist; 2«0 Kearny- st._> ,
APPRENTICE wanted! Pnclflc Electric Motor
Co.. ,1S3" Jessie .ft. ¦ " ' ' ' '-'
a EOY wanted, aged 15 to IS. Apply <« Fifth*
St.. ccmer Brj-anr. 0 j q ~o' '- °
CYLINDER press feeder.-' 522 Market St.. third
flocr. • • • .* * " • '¦'
WANTED-Urompctent German cook, for coun-
trynotel: wages' $50. 616 CUy st. S a. m. o
YOUNG ' German from frocd* family, to "learn
' conrectlpnery, trade. Calf at°l?CS Polk sr.
STEADY.^ trustworthy man,, lii plain eash busl-
' riqssr$75 mo.: $100 required. 90fr Market, r. %:
WANTED— Wagon" 3 Wrcksmlth'a^ helper. . XXI
Brannan «t. " °% a ' o
BOY or Junior wsnted In drug store: 18 years
of age.. -'Apply WHITE & CO.. 439 -Cough st
BUTCHER to drive waijon arid help in store.
¦° CM'Valenc'a, near Sixteenth.
A ULACKSMITH'S helper wantrd In wagon
phrp.' 417 .Sixth rt. „ " 0 -
WASTED- Man to do ll»!if e work: fire - and
found, go Hannah >t.. 'tt'atta Tract. Oakland.'
ERRAND boy for tnllor shop, $2 SO t»r weekT
; 833 Howard st.,.ovfr handball court.
WANTED — Good „ coat maker; Wages. J2S»S
• Iontgolner y ave.° ...-¦?-." . o . . ;
WANTED — "5 good teamsters: steady Job and
•good { wayes. J. O' Shea. 17th and Vermont.
• ° •*.;•*
BUSINESS CIIAyCES-^«)XTlKCED. '
A^moO? GROCERT ond bar: 4. years'. leas-;
*1S ptrraOntb; 125 toJK.aish tales per day;
"the. owner Mtrftin tbe city; call and- Invest!-,
pate; i;«rslne?s Board Trade; 326 Pineff. :
A-tSTEAJTY blacksmith; * sm'a-11 .capital;- coun-
" try- ships rays JIK* td $20*>:p<?r. year clear}
- the; owner retiring palter- 17. j-«ar9; '.'-chca?
" .«nfc' I"!pclhess Jfc>a.rd -Trade-.. C38 Itfie »t.,
GOOb-3-J^hair barber '^o"p at.Kraerj-yUle: also
' trie >t Tanforan a*d laafleildd; ccod tradi?;
: "lmr.fef.lri. .Address F. > PERil¥.- c 'Erjieryvme
¦ •. .r'Ra'cet ro^k.-: , ¦•' ' '• '* •¦- •'=.:-" . *: •.
TAlliorfbufA'pUhfrshop wjt^= i\f tooUconiplete
¦^rcfjKni".: : ' cfi Market *t:-.° ;/ ._,:, ;•:•;•• •¦ -' .:; '
EOR : •witB. *;agon'. an,d" two
'.; "h^>?>..'^:-Af.r>l>*'.4>;.">.<giTth. st. ' .. : , ¦:'¦•'
PabbtTGJS /•.OTnmi.«.«lon.-bi:Eln«ss:* copd oppor^-
• tunjfv.?or lire, yqun's rft'an'; ytill net- $40 to £&
-. « • n-epk,.'.. gatK a.t- -4t5 . rVayls >C ;'•'•.; y ' '-. ..
FtNE'^VdrhfVrto -open "grocery.:- rent 125;. worth.
: .JSO.: liAfYT&ANCEj- «^0"ElghtH' «t./, Pa.klafld.
pipiffe\L"ii^Oystef Sixth
¦and Market: Box- }959. €al? ofjlc-e.' '.'•.-. .'
.REfjfi^BANT .fVr;^«-J : coijie : aJTd investigate ;"
. .-priceJ'.JiOO-.. •Si'S' Hgn-ard *t." ,':. ' .- *' ¦' . \ -
TX>: IJE-A'B j* f r.brii'-fhe. I'rt^iof March," iinf. nrnisbed •.
.- hot H<- l>rQad>-gaufe ftat.lr.ri, San.'JtafaeL Aj?'-.' 1
•-¦.•f^y'ow-ner, : 31' 'Lyon- 1st; San V
: *4(*r^C<Q IS X EH -Rr.o^* ry ' » "d t>ar; : goo<l : - business':*
.ilarge;>*Qck : -Cfle flxtur»^: cavse .sickness.: Ad-'
;;<Jr>ss; Vc* Call .o/flce";. ,'.•-_..•¦• . '>.%-'. '¦• -.'
•6opp.t>»Vlng;"-ol<l- : estabjh'bea lumber Jiiislness:
• "inHuaing-ra.wmUJ^-'tlrnber'.larids,' yards, lam-
: '*>er -*t«cl^-.donke>-"- engine, ' hiorce team*, etc.
.' : : H/.&.-F. % CQfiPER. Nevada-'.City..;Cal.- • ¦ .
FOR- R^nfc-U^fufh'lsheJ; \ flrti .class; ¦ Union
' JloteJ-Jji" Sonoma: Cits: renoratra .from eel-.
' rar- : to.rkrrM-. ' Partirnlari inquire. ALBERT
: • - iWISfrcL; «J4.- California, .et., .;S. K-.-.cr 147<
¦i, js-tnth" st.> corner Chester. Oakland.-.' . . ;.
JX>R.sale;--/7<H:ritr)'. weekly -.paper* freect ffebt^
• : well ' Tot's t«sdu In' pieasantest' r>art = of State;.
• .'lerms easy- jo '¦ right Da*-tJ"I Address' box 01S.
. ' Call ;.of to. . - . '¦.•:-¦::''¦ r '-.-¦' ¦'¦' :. •. '':'"
FOR «Je4A' steam lapndry ih the Eacrnmenjo
. . Valley, doing a. business f rom. H00 to '1150 r*r
¦ .¦^tcpfk'i tto other laundry ' within -M miles. .Bok
;.'.1C43. Cail: office. : ..." ', •¦¦h'-'^'' - * °
OtTSTPE route oh tljis. paper' for, sale."- Apply
. Call- Business office. '*..:. : . V ." • l :"-.'J
liARCE outside rcute (No» 10) .for salt,'-' Apply
v.'at C.ail bufiness o'flce; ¦ -•-.. c c • * ? - •¦•.;*'
F.OR- feale-bAi.-bakery. stationery and ' 'notion
•• *torr., four rooms'; rent4?0. 106 El-eventh. st.
'WANTED— Partner In good paying :brick' yard
' husi n.egii.-.SU. Montgomery Bt.'^ ." •'. ."¦ ,".
ROITTE. for sale: 430 papers on the Chronicle,
' •'• '-Inquire'. at MS Union St.- ' '••_• ''/J',, '.'¦¦•
fSO: WINS -$3M. rrr month at races'; references
•.tfiye.iv; IntuT-mattoh Lynns; 911 Market." r. = 4.
tiA'R'GTE ". Inside ro»ite on' this pajper'-'-tor sa>jr.
¦¦•Ar>p.lj'-'bafinefi8 office,..; -' - .- ' ',." . :" *• '•'
¦WANTED— To buy of lease, a suitable place
. iror.la.unflry-- n«>T.,lS39. Call office. .. '.-. ..
CANDT. nr>d stationery- fitore."". stock" and . Hx-
¦ tures for. >ale cheap; no agents. -205 Polk st.
. '.\. LODGIAG-HOUSES . FOR SALE. .-
S'-nOOM, house on Market st.r.:,.".-.. .'....;. $S59
"35-rocm house; cheap rent ;.,... ...-.V.,. 1000
.7'i-ocm flat; best part of city.. ............ : 375
S2 rooms:, very cood; clears J100. .:....'.,... - AM
' . 17- rcom^: ¦ near Call offlfe ......-.¦....¦.-' S0O
-J'4'rooms: *ure to. clear $100.. .•.-.......- ..1000
¦-.;» rooms ;""o» Maiket ?t ,..; ¦.".',-.... 830
• MONEY TO -WAN AT LOWEST RATES- '
'-•.T-0^rt>om l<oardInB-bouse -.....¦ .v*., ?.:.';.. .''..S55QO
' '.HO-room - hotel : clears- Srsm.....'...'...^'...^. SEOO
<50-roorti corner house; clears $3S0 ...i JOCO
: 10 rooms; on Eddy st.; c'.?ars $75.......... 650
. .'-10 rooms; on Taylor st ;;..,.. ;-43O
'..16. rooms: ripw. .elegant furniture.... 1 ...... 1400
¦ 2S- rooms: new: elepant; clears 4300 i. 2500
H..C. DECKER. 102". Market: -tel. Mint 706.
'A'':-" MARION GRIFFIN. ~ A
719 Market., nr. Call bldr.: Tel. Black 1S03.
10 robins, full., no •work. $175 down $425
S-raom flat, ccr.: elejrant: bargain: sickness.
. 12 rooms, rent $40: bay-window corner 4W)
1<! rooms, rent JC3; light; clears $63 800
18 rooms, cor.: new fur.; rent $73 900
22 rooms, rent $33; Income $90 mo 600
2fi rooms, cor.: N. Mkt.: sunny vide.: 1500
27 rooms, if* velvet carpets; oak and •
cherry fur.: clears $175 a mo.; bargain.
J7 room?. Income $230 a month: corner.... 1900
S2 rooms, rent $100; Income $223; full...... 2000
86 rooms, central: hard wood:- snap 1SC0
4S rooms, bonton: clears $150 mo 2700
SEE OUR' LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices:
$733 — 20 rooms: ail one. floor: Geary St.; clears
$100; only $X0 cash required.
$100 cash for ll-room house; nicely furnished;
! good location; balance payments.
$600— For 22-room house on principal street;
clears $73: sacrificed for quick sale. -„ %
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money, you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. SM Market.
80 ROOMS: newly furnished: rent $130 $3000
20 rootm: Van Ness; finely furn.: extra.. 930
10 rooms. $430; 10 rooms. Quick 350
$<I0 buys 14 elegantly furnished rooms; all
hair mattre£?es; best of bedding; cIear**!6J
month; rent only $'2 r .0; blir bariraln: best lo-
latlon, FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market St.
. IS rooms: rent $50; .part caeh $1200
20 room t>; corner; rent ITS , 1300
SO rooms; brand new; $1000 cash 2000
44-rooms; central: part cash 3230
12 rcoros: must sell: tee it 600
LOnCING-HOrSES— Sizes and prices to suit
ail buyers: titles euaranteed; money. loaned
buyers; before buying -rail. •
- - O. W. SCHWEINHAP.D,
Ph-one Mint 1911. 917 Market St.. bet. Cth & 6th.
CALL and se* our list of bargains In houses;
¦we have them In any part of tbe city and nt
. tny orlce- EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
Flxth et. -_
FOR eale— $600; lower flat of 9 large sunny fur-
nished- rooms and bath: all rented; 3 rooms
¦pay Tent:-"will keep one for ' $12 a month;
central. I>ot.1SS3. Call office. • .
$730—26 ROOMS; fine location: weir furnished;
ell rented;. low rent.' BASILE. 3' Eddy Et."
%tSfl— MODERN house: IS rooms, good- furniture;.
¦ . aj ways, f till; rent $14;-bargaln. ,834 Folrom-t.'
BARGAIN— -W rooms, elegantly furnished,' .137'
O'Farretl st- " ; "= * I '-.;••
I/jrXJTNO-HOUSE ot 19 rooms Tor sale cheap.
' «0 T.Mrd st. • ' :¦ ¦ -. ' ° "¦¦ .
~7~7- SPIRITUAI'ISM.' - ¦ v»/ .- .
ARRIVEI>— The celebrated Eyp«j*. L Prince Les-
¦ ter. whose tree tests, calling your name, 'the
" name ol- the o'ne you Jove and th* 'name of.
'¦' th«.on« you will marry, for a shcrt -time;
¦ th« only medium In the world sn sure- of his
' occult- power.' that he will plvp every person
" who rcomep. prepared a" wonderful free tes.t.
• fall or write -with, stamps for -.•answer. 1351
Market ,»t;.. '. opposite #dd Fellows". .Hall.
A— MJtF. J. ' J. WHITNEY, tra-nce. ' bnsln»ps
medium, life reader, .medical clairvoyant; slt-
|. tlnfts.'.tl. 11C4 O'Farrell. nr. Cnugh. F.llls car.
• C. V.' MILLER. Moth'-rSa'ile.'sraDce to-day,
j .12 o'clock^; Zftc. 3OS4.Bu»h ct. « ¦ .
"i MRS. KOTfER. 24 Sixth st.. rm. 15: elrcle to-
¦ •. nlgtit. ICf.: ¦slit lnr -dally; K.ents, tl; ladles. Me.
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's ceance to-nieht at
¦ - .- g oVJook sharp: j"c I Hrrte.- nr. McAllister..
MRS.TIGAB'S.tert meeting to-night. 10c; also
. Thursday; 8 p. m. 143 Sixth eL, room ZZ.
BENEFIT test dr. Dr. Rln-es by Mme. Young:
to-nluht. .603 McAllUter, 10c; come, skeptics.
M1P.. 1OUISE c . DREW] Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Ileal^-. rocm M, Larkin st.
MEETING .Tviff. ft: Wed;. J238 Howard.' Mrs.
MaxwMI: Thur. at hall. 1133 Mission;- all test.
MRS.. LESTER— Readlngf. Eflc; cl'rcle»every eve
ex. Fat.. 10c; devel. circle Tues. eve,* £22 juric
i^FRIENDSinP Hall. X5 McAlllstei—Mrn'; C. J.
-Meyer; elttlrijpi dally; tests to all to-night; 10c.
"EARLE, M5 Taylor .fit., corner Kills— Sittings
daily; seance Tuesdav and Thursday.'"^ "¦ >
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
• readinirs dally. 10 to 10. -;31O4 Market." room J4.
P. MRyo-Steern. .112<£ Oak «t.. trance /medium:
i readlnrs.Il; hount 1-5 p.m.: let Howard, 527.
; . , CLAiuyovAvrs. % : *: c '.
: MME. li. BERNARD^ °~~~""" -^ T~~T'
:•-¦".. THE FAMOUS
j .Cla'rrcyant "und business medium, permanent-
\iy located IT Third St., nest Examiner building.
j -She reads your' life correctly, gives an'seeurate
4 description of. the past, reveals the present hat>-
, ¦f.Tilr.Ks' «nd portrays 'events to occur In the
/uture. If jrou are in trouble, diecontented, un-
I happy or not ratlsflerf In life. or° have domestic.
j love or business .troubles, consult this great
c ; mMfum "and you will be- told how to overcome
{¦them. Valuable ndvloe' In . all affairs of life;
2.'<c up:. p^rf«~-t- satisfaction iruaranteed. --- o .
MR?;. E. SANDERS, tl'c Quaker mednim and
| palmist, teaches mind vlliration. the greatest
,ii?crel c on earth; * ta business men. untold
J wealth, reunites lovers and brines home ab-
l . Fcnt husband*, ttomr or daughteri":. !.•¦ years''
i , fxperten/v. UC1 Market i«t.. room 2S. .' »
| MRS: DR. F. CLA"RK. the well-known trftnee
medium. Is p*rmajirntly located at 12CC Mar-
ket ft., corner Golden Gnte ave.. 'rooms' 23
]* e ond 2C: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
i x««rante«l by mall; rend stamp for pnm-
_pbl*t^with pperial frrrs. Dally and Sunday.
MME. !>ORTER. wonderful clalnoyanl & cani
-eader. born with flouhl* veil— «rconil sight;
flasnwM ti'rease with life readlnc: ladle* 3Cc.
gml».»l: palra. and olalr- -1t..$liO. 120 Turk.
j ISMAR.. the BiV&?~claTrvoyant and
| pal^'lst, r"rm3rrntl.v.lorBt«'(1 1US Market, op.
• <tn » Private rcatllngspdnlly. 10 «? m. to S p. hi.
j Sins. E. M. DlTVAi^ ruTrvnyant. -BuKlne«s m»-
• CJuin; tnir.'.r.g a rpccta.lt>-. 215 Kearny. r. E-10.
" SA.\ FRANCISCO; CALL. ;"¦
BTTEINEES OFFICE." ef The : San .Francisco
C«M. rorner of SJarke't Ian* Hrh'lrd* rtreeti: or*n
tirtll 12 o'clock rvrrj'' nfEht'-ln the year. .
BRANCH OFFICES-^ Mcntgomery strect. :
corner Clay; rr*J» .ur.ttl 9:39 p. " m.
SCt> Bayca 5trect;."'ri)eri. : until S:»0 p. "•* n V; - .-••
€73 McAllister •street;-' open until 9:30 p-" -WV; •"
C15 Larkin str^t; .Vn until 8:30 p.. m." :
1S<1 SI!s-slcn.»rtrM:-.open until' 10. t»,.-'.mj'..'. ;.
T^,l Market, j *<reet, '. corner Si ajtecnUi ; . open
:06 ni«-v*>nth;s=tr>.et-i open ur.tll »'.p. m. l: : '- '¦.'.
1C¥5 Valencia rtreft ; open xir.til ; S.' -p./ rn- \ ... -.-
Korthwert rcfrWr .Twrrty-BccorJ i'an'd; •.•Ke.n;
turVy Vtrr^tsV.'opfo i'»it<l 9 rl -in."-' .-*¦' ¦ • • ' - : - : . •
.'.>iKii;.Ti\*; xpTfipassC" '!.¦•••;.:¦ .-••"-¦
NOTI<~n ir hei".4b's Riven to the" iii»rht' 1 .r» •'-,«;:.•.
of the Past i-Ma'stprs' AfSO'-rfitJon'; i-.r^MX^-
end A. ¦tirKf.-CaHrnrria, ..tr,«t >~^^.J\J\
1 >anii:l KUi0S^m>ivtt»f3fSX *^Sffi?5?Sfr'
No. 1C"> the' r.fcrtoT th<« wmVifff-ltf.:^
Msr.rrs' ¦ A^ni'Taf im to Ml^mn- ..MA*& l l a ?.'
r*en drfprre^i^rdr:! Wedawsds'v^ihe'iWiJnSt...
to "PATURUA-T, E'VrNING.
..-;^r;:Ti:T; t. r.\i;« '.-/¦>. > ¦ J^-v : '
j.!i5?ION' <"ha"jit>r 'S>: t>. :R.-;.\X'.:'.M>^ .', *;<. \-
r.impanior.s ar<>.'. J re<i'«pstM to -sUfaqi^m^
tS«> funeral of-jo«r'-deo»aj«et1 wnpiijte }%^'
OEORnn D. • -FIJACK. ' Titfi?;' 1>AY/ 7f : .
*\VnilNEFDA.Y}y -2 orlock p. . tn ..-. MIbs.oji .
mip?ion i^<ue-No. -.ii*. r. -unA A: "-M'-'.''.'--*'. •;
tvin ni^-t ruJg -^A'y:.«'w.i-:i>N"E»n*jp;iJ|ilf«
at 1:30 o'clock'T 1 -" fr*-'-.-** Mi " So^' M -**AW^ :
ROr.lo TrjwW. iof.:Xiif>- \r<ir?r>reot:-cctr ,"' ¦ •-:
<*.urtir.p tV.o tantWiJ'fsWto* ol c"r .defeflsea.
brother. GEOP.C.;B'-P;:.:'F!..\<"K.-1"^'-""V?- J .'¦": I-
<-h *tii.izs. f. ja nnr; t* .. ¦ -.y. .- :
MIPPTON ixv^cf ¦ NA' 'I-'-'; F"- nn* 1 ' A - : - r M--»- '/¦:'•¦ •
Called meeting T"^ fWEDNnSDAY>^J%,'
EVEKncO; Rt*:3n. rtVlock third. fc-:jkj%.
vtc*. iHARLKS'y. X.1BBY. W. M: '' :" .._
KOVST MORIAir-VWIre-Xo. 44. F.: airfl; :«..".'
A. 5J.— Meetlr.r THIf-AVEnNESDAY* ¦'.£%!
EVKNING. nV7r3ii:iV<-look, Third. «?-."• JLjf
rr*e. THTy. : ,K.nOLICH. Se<". : ' ?^V. :
CROCKETT I>-->d?p :K^'.' - ; lJK». : F. ard'A. ¦; :.
K .— T>*irree F«caal>-nf|S -Evnxrxc _#L,
Fe^. 57, at 7:r« o'cloiK. U>' order of )53f
tlie W. M. H.-F/M'tTRIEnE. Sep. '¦.¦./? >
EXCELSIOR Lrrtce:'.N/v^Tis£ F, mil >/-(»; ;
M.-Sr*rial Tn^-tir.g YHIrf-iWKn.VESr -A ¦
DAT) KVENINO. :'Fe>. -'«!>; at 7:30^S2f
o'clock. Third decree".- . .:.:• ¦--• ..;./. W-> :
THEQ. Ji •¦eMITH Serretary^' ;
MISFION Chapter N-o.-' tB.^O. ' E. S.— V^"
O'Sc^r? rnd meSnb*"r* are; hotiflrd °' <OSW
the fuT)^n«I -of cur la-te -'r-r-'iltier. Post ¦ nr -."
Patron GEORGE .H-!'- FLACK, from. " •-
Mltsicn Mp.sdTrtr Temple; "Till? (WEDNF-S-
PAT) AFTERNOONV«li#CJ**. Ry. order
of the \V. M. MART <j». ¦".FOPTER^.-Sec." y
aonsE~LoAef No. 2.~ii;.o; b. if.
—The Gran* Mafjer." .W. \V. gggSyy.
WATSON. < will inske ?1U? -lodge
en rfflplal visit TIIlS iVFTPNKP- ; i??*?!?- ,
PAY) EVENING. Ffti.-'.r;. AH numbers are
re<j'j«>*tPd to be rr>*«"r!t. : '. 'Visitors cordially-
Invited. MARK A-. DEVINE. N.: O. :•
C. BRIND. Ree. -Sff-. ..V-:: : O.V- '¦
ANNUAL Meeting— The'V^giilar
Iti^ cf the Etockhij)M>rs:'.-pf the HotvoIuIu
Plantation Company : will beheld at the
fice of the company.: -.227- Market *W : Ban ¦
Francisco, Cal.. en WEDNESDAY. February'
77. IKL «t the hciur rff..ll..:8Vlock a. m.; for-
the purpose cf elect imr:. a-ticard of directors
to »er\-e fcr the •T.suln^-.yfijr and the tr^ns-
actlrri of furh other - busirw>ss . as may come
before the m»»tlne. Transfer .books will. close'
co Saturday. February :<rIS.' 19ft : at. . U
c'r1<v-k m. E. II. PTIEL-TMJN. Secretary. "".
AGENTS WAITED.
THE Rlo Michol Rubi»-x iffampany •? of. San
Franrlsco. Ca!.. wanfs. iMrti'Urfent mm ta act
as it» agents throughoet-.-.tiie -Vnited Rlatet;
must be men of »-hcrart» > rv..a.(l'.ires5 and push. '
The company or.-ns lanre ;>rj3f>ertles. "s oh' of
<5ett ar.d tn a thoroughly'.^oxinii.'and flourish-.
ir.z condition. It has a'-.cvrislderable acreage
• Ireadv planted to ruKbfr."-atiJ has a.-iarRe
?orce of m«n crinstatit-H'-.' a.t! work. It offers-
for File a United nnrp.Vi' <if. .Interest b^arinp
end installment rertinc.at»»5:: : .A 'oomriaratlvely '
rma'i amount invested ¦TTow.;-iiriil rro<lu* 'argi
en^i rieaillj- Increasing;, income ir. rear future.
The corporation invites ci6>ost iftvestigation.
Akpt.X* nr.d Intrrf*t«! jver^orjs apply Rio Ml -
rhol Rubber Co.. r. C3-CJ; ifj-'ockT fcldg- S: F.
TV'ANTEI»— \KPMr in rarh eliy: mnney.
Pacific Coart M. & Ll.Cct^'»6J Sth. Oakland.
FOLJCJTnr.S -n-antpdr, Rood. -pay; ;*?rmanent.
Anply It to 1. room 31?. ¦ Parrot t bulldlnip. • '
AGENT in «-vcr>- town .fr.r>*'t!*e of Qu»en~vic^
trria." rjl. Pub. Co .; ??7 Myrk»t. r. 70H! S. F.
A T"IQ n X K %¦'.». ; AT I- AVF. ~ 9
R. TV. KINO. X<27 Mark»^«.. €th fl-jor. room C?7
— F.Hatff, dp.nrapps. attarhtnjfr.ts. bankruptcy,
collertion?; all ras»»?; "fair :.f«>; no advance
loar.s on.estatej.-.'Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE frfp; dlvorce-Ja^ a.iep»plalty; private:.
n« <¦«"«• without Fucr^ss;." coll^cticris. G W.
HOWE., atty at law, S^-.Market. oor Stockton.
J. H. MrKNlOHT.'. ; coll»rtio!j*: rtzvnai;**: <*s-
tatp*: mininit; opw».e»tg.i V?Z Parrott bids.
FRANK TV. fcMITII,':rnlnir.fT »n<V probate lnw -«
Fpo<-ialty. Mi'.ls bl^.;. r.'£.- «th Sr. ; teLBedSfll.
ADVIi'E frre: no ch'att»».uril< i sii furces-rni. IV.
W. DAVIDSON, an! Market Ft., opp. Ma* in.
L R. CLARK." Emma Spr«H-k«=l* bl-!»r.. S*7 Mar-
k«^ Ft : oonyultation'frfyt-rto^fppji in advance.
"
J. PEI TIER, a5p^alt.¦ i<y>nng. siJetralks re-
p«ir«vi: potafc- uf-Z Mission: tel. Folsom 1CC7.
BOAIIDIXG FOR CIIILUIMCX.
TTAKTEI*- Ry highly respectable couple., tfle
care of child 2 to". 4 -.".j^ars. long or Short
- r-ericjd; terms moderate": fine home and sunny
ysrd: object, corri>a.rupn. for our own child
;-i years. Bqx OU.'.i'tU pfBce.
HOME wanted !n tJii-."»31»Fion for two boyf«
aced « and 10 j-eara.-~ Address box 1930. Call
office. - . • :•¦¦;'•"¦•-¦.
PLEASANT linme, neaf.-ferhool ; no other chll-
<lr<?r: good <^aro. T.S: Clipper rt. : ¦'
Bl'SI.M:5(S\CUA.NCiiS.
A— «11SO; SAI^^NT^S^e^toTMonTffojEery ' *C\
place establish^. wO'y^anr; clearing at -least
f^50 i*t n-cnth; 3 furnl*h-a rooms tncJudfd;
rent VJ>. Call R. O.-iVILKE. :SH Kearny.
A-5i::0; PARTNER Mtj ifirs. -class ijayins end
best located ooffe* "ll<;u;se''"-in .this. city; expe-
rience rrnt iK-rwusr)^'*)! JRcominc partner's
duty will be to ci t#r 3' -cash end books: hen-
e« man only n<-e<l :ianplr. Call K. G'
WILKE. 264 K»arr.y >c: .; '•.¦'¦
A— RARE chance for nVst-class pay'iog tcloon
twar Emporlcm; »f ur'nish^a rooms included;
ow-bt compelled to Im* for Iowa. Call R.-I
G. WILKE. 26H Kwvrny st. '¦:'-,'Z'- 1 :
A— $4CC; PORK and delicacy store; rent $22 50-
rood-payir.«r busir.esfs.; . vettr be«t location;
owner to leave eily, : --Call-: R. a. T\'ILICE
SCH Kearny Bt. . v , ; - ; : - . . ¦ : '
A-NOTION store; established many years';
clearing; about J153 per bioolh;'- location" can't
b«> b*-a»: rrnt JK: clean stock.' Inquire K.O
\VILKE. a:'i Koarny et, "-. ... .;
A— Jis:.'"*; CAFE and rertacra.ru: flej;antly fitted
' up and Au'.nx a* rushing '.bjjslr.essv located
«~lof» to I*owell and' Market *ts» • Car R. G
WILKE. aiijKranir tiL- ' ! .¦.= .
A— JTOf;; IIALF-INTHREST iir flrt*t-claati pay-
!r.»c restaurani: <lr.tJy rt-ceints about »«».• rent
175; retiring partner to leave for -.East; a
bargain. Call SI. G. WILKg.. £6^. Kearny «.
A— J52SO; CORXEIl E-rot-ery' arid bar; •chbleeKt-
r.art W«^tt^rn Ad<!.; etean store. Trt«h stock;
pood paving -business; rent', $31 Ino-ilre R
G. WILKj:. :6'» Kearny st." -.' • °
A— $75 ft : SALOON. "2 doors "west cf Montgomery
et. ; Z liviRj? rooms'; rent-*4i: dally ree»-lpt«
?rom tn to SIS: r eood'ppylr^ aria clean
_ p'-ace. Call R. G. . WILKE.' <g'/j -Kearny st.
A-JSf»O: CORNER- • butcher shop In northern
part cf rlty; rent $20: horse, oaxt; selling- 4
cattle aj-.a about 13 »h«-«'p per jre«-k: a cash
«-unoin. Call It. <1. AVILKE. 26'4 Keamy st.
PARTNER wanted fc a Unre; .old-established-
pront»b!» lnjflness. ccntmlllnB a -bo^J. safe,
solid nrd reliable trade; ©wins; to.rearemrnt
of former rrianaKer oiwr ha« <W-cided to »ell
on Irjtrrert to an » rewritable party; duties will
be -he keeping of nrr-ounts and assisting gen-
»-r«I!y <rj the rr.»rrrenw»nt' of "the business' '
me arr-ustompd ti l.orscs preferrijd; capital'
rwitiirr-d VJ*H to Jinflf^i; full value Jn sight-
»K-,okt tnd bu5ir.pf-e c:wn for lm"«>«5eatlon Jf"
W. PonoeMy & C.->.. SH Market st-' - ¦' "
AN un priced t ted Rarrifh-e; 7S-room brick ho^'
t*l and furniture; doing lmmf-nse frst-class
itlm day) S>urin»«>": cost and worth JM.OOO:-
»iff'T<--'1 for V.G.Z'M: has ifnted for J400; now
run by owrwr. -
• X p. . g ICKF.l.S. the Lan-I Agent, C Geary st.
t20f' 1X)V.'N imys nne of the l«?sj fitteU, ren--
trally located roFtn-jtants inthe eltr. DON-
ALD INVESTMENT CO.. ISO 'Market nt.;
td. Davis til. : ¦ '
A-J1CT.: SBOK k!ioj» and repairing:, «»tablish.-d
year?. McLAfGIlLIN & CO.. 777»i Market.
HOf— BARGAIN: paring saloon an-lTlcHlsrlnn
h"u»e HZ room'): b»wt ruction ¦ rlx* front;
pnrri ronMjnK for F<Hlln>r. Apply WICHMAX
LUTGEN & CO.. CIS Clay st.
I All cfiwitoV.o^ to f?1I my wood and^coal y^ard.
¥ «rt«.UiKhr<3 Zt year*, on account • of -other
buFinef=x in V.untrj": no fake; gvod business;
mcke QfTfT. l?t Minna rt. o_
A PARTNER r.antrd *vho understands real ej.
?ate Ken*ral hrokerate business fr.r the
city: a fine opijortunity for thp -right man
wiTh small, capital. Box 1&97. CaH office.
J2S" CASH p^r m^nth: medical practice for
JW lr. California town or 20.000. Addrv* box
1581. Call of nee.
SAL<<CN and four Ik-'hf iwmr for esle cheap
at 21Z Sleusrt et. : no agents; call at the place.
I BMPIiOYMEXT WANTED— MALE.
PAJ'ERHANGER and painter wan^sltuatlon:
first-class workman.-. Hammer, 322cFremont.
ANYBODY wanUnga'good private family cook
call at CHONG WING & CO.'S, 902 Clay St.,
. room 3.- " '; _ *c>; i -¦_ , b
FRUIT crowers— Situation wanted on an or-
r chRrcl farm, by. respoaslble, capable man: un- '
i derstands curings fruit, grafting; pruning,
;.' spraying and cultivation of trees and vines.
Address F.. G.. box 1946, Call office;
YOUNG man wishes situation; good experience
In general office work, soliciting and collect-
ing;' knowledge of bookkeeping; best refer-
ences. J. DANIEL TUKE. Winchester Hotel.
YOUNG man, 27 years of age, desires situa-
tion; office sreferable;' can furnish splendid
references. Address' J J. M. LESTER. \ 317
Stockton st. » -; «' ' ¦ : • , -'"'¦¦
MAN and wife. English, want places; wife
cook, man would be useful; understands
horses; can milk.' Address box 1961, Call.
YOUNG German, lately landed, would like
position at anything pertaining t6 hotel work.
Address box 1963. Call office. ' .
STEADY young man "wants position as book-
keeper;' good recommendation. Address 24
Post st. . ' ' ; <
CAKE baker, second Tor third hand, would
like to have place; large bakery preferred:
experienced In trade. c Address box 1953, Call.
MAN 26. wants any kind of work: speaks four
languages. Address box 1953. Call office.
A GENTLEMAN of middle age and of large
education desires a position of trust; best I
* references. Box r 18H5. Call. . » -, c ,
I FIUTIIER PILLOWS.^
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
FLATS TO LET.
TO LET— New flats on Buchanan st., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.; 5 and 8
rooms and bath: all the latest. Improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.; 14 Montgomery.
TO LET—Lower flat of 4. rooms; rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., I
14 Montgomery at. - I - p .-
FLAT 'of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath,' $12.
71fi;Natoma St., bet. Eighth and Ninth. -.
FOR Sale— S-room flat, elegantly furnished, for
a nice home. 104S Ellis st.
SIXTH, 536A— Upper flat.'S rooms, bath, yard;
rear entrance; ¦ rent $12.
SUNNY Hat of 3 rooms: rent $9. Powell St.,
near Srondway. Inquire 1308 Powell st.
*TLATS TO i LET — KUHSISH3D.
CORNER' sunny furnished flat, 6- rooms. 214
Frederick st. -. ¦• , . ¦ : •¦' „ _¦> -
"' FURXITCRE FOR SALE. '
4 ROOMS furnished, In .'oak '$48 50. with No. T
range. .King Furniture Co.. ' 1127-1131 Market-
, ; KUll.MTUHE .^VASTED.^
Auctioneer— L.Vlnceht,130i. Larkin; tel.' Polk 694;."
furniture & furn'd. houses bought;. spot cash.*'
TO receive highest" value for, furnlturei'-carpets,
-etc., see W. E. Cody, 73J Mission; tel. Red 3y..V
CHAS. LEVY- buys your furniture.' carpets.
pianos, etc. '1133' Market st. ; .tel'-Jawsle 761.. .-
.A..T\'OLLPERT; 773 Mission st: pays: highest,
price for seennd-hand furniture; tel, Red 1354;
.HELP WAXT^DrrrFteMALIE. *
ATC. It. HAXSEi?^cb.^. Phono ~Grank lS
; ..'."...,. .;'.HOTEb - DRI'ARTMENT. .'....'.....
. A •¦ tlrst-clai* hefid woltress""" and-' crew cf
, ! girls foj» .country-; hotel, to start tRe " end of
¦ •- th» week; 2.waltres**\8,'.ia me 'hotel, $25. sleep
¦ out; 10 waitresses.' City, *20; 5 waitresses, dif-
ferent., .commercial .hotels. $20:.'.restaurarit
"-waitreus, $7 a week; 2,-ohambe'rmalds, 'country,
, $20., free ; fare;;wiltroHs; Institution, room.
» board and washing, $20'; mangier and: do plain
* laundry -work: no -Sunday work; *20; lauu-
* dress, ptain work.; "country h(Kel.. $SO.
• • 'FAMILY DEPARTMENT. . ,
Cook and.' second girl,; $30. and $25,\very" choice
place,' see party here, this morning at 11
o'cloek;";cook, city, "3 In family, $30; working
" housekeeper. $20;' -woman with a chlltl, $30:
* lady's, maid, German, see- party here at 2
* o'clock to-day;- waitress, private family, $2.".;
if German or Swedish housekeeper for old lady,.
¦ * $29,; see party here'; cooks, houseglrl*,. second
girls too numerous to 'mention.
C..R.IIANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.'
-MRS.m! K. DAY & CO,... 1. ..Phone Main 1573
" ......*.:./. HOTEL. DEPARTMENT
1 8 more valtresses,-$22,*50. H fare paid; 2 watt-
'• resses, . short distance countrj'. $20; 10 wait-
t re3ses, different country hotels. 1 $20; 9 wall-
'¦ rosses. clty.-.|20: 5 crtambermalds to waU dln-
. ner, $20; 2 restaurant waltreespp, .
.,......•. FAMILY DEPARTMENT !.
Cook, rmall Amerlban family. $25: second girl.
small. family. $20; 5 houseglrls.i $20 and $25 1 4
younc grtrla to assist.-. $15, and many oth°rs.»
MRS. H. E..BAY Si CO.. ST. Geary st.
GIRL for small family, Oakland, 4 rooms, a
;goo(T home, tee party here 10:30 to-day; glrh
.-Irish preferred, nice : home. S25; 6 excellent
places. $2.0, no children: 'housekeeper for wid-
ower and child. $;i>, see party Jiere 10 a. m.
to-Uay. °Cal. Kmp. Agency. 53Tfilrd Et. ' *
A-HOTEL GAZETTE,°e26 Montgomery, rm 12.
o Stenographer 5 to assist bookkeeper, summer
¦resort, good salary; Woman pastry.-cook. $50:
T HORQUGIILY experienced salesladies wanT
o ed for children's cloaks, children's millinery,
larllos" underwear and ladles' waists; best
"references required. .Apply between 4 and 5
o'clock t«-day.' I. MAGNIN & CO.. 840 Alar-
: ket,-st. ' -. - - •- , « .
WANTED-Glrls to sew shirts; good class of
work; good pay; steady employment guaran-
teed. Apply The L. ELK US CO.. 29 and 31
-Battery st; /•.•.. V, ?
WAXTED-A few; experienced operators and a
limited number for Instruction. • Standard
Shirt Factory. ; Cough, and Grove sts. '.
WANTED— First-class dlnins-room glrTi none
.other wanted. Capitol "Restaurant 209 Mc-
Alllster st. . '--,:.¦•-" s : -
GOOD ; experienced vest o makers wanted; also
apprentices; good- pcy; steady work! ya CM
Stevenson ft* '• r - : • . ,
EXPERIENCED Toperators on silk waists con
make $10 per week. LIVINGSTON Mfg Co
".226 Bush st,-'*-'- ';'-..; /-" •;. .--- y; ":,:. ¦ .
EXPERIENCED operators . on ladles' cotton
¦ ehir1;waists. s BAUER' BROS. CO.; Jl Sansome.
AMATEUR slnVers wanted. "Apply at Chutes
at.C o'clock this evening.'- >.' .
: J *, EDIICATIOXAL.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGeTm Post td
S.' F.— Bookkaeping, shorthand, typing, lan- J
guages,^ telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
MERRILLS-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing., removed to new quarters, rms.' 40-45
Parrott bldg.; Individ, instruction; catalogue.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping figures,* short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining,mech.,sur-
: vey,' assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 833 Market.
ITALIAN and French lessons, practical meth-
Od. by a lady teacher. Address box 2091. Call.,
PROF. MKRKI, from Paris: violin, rnandolln,
gcltar; experienced. 1008 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
COACHING in Mgh school mathematics a spe-
clalty; simple methods; successful. 3040 16th.
ILLUSTRATION — PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night cUps. 424 Pine St.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES, i
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co., best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, near Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office; best
help furn.: domestic servants; work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 37s.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds:
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
JAPAiSEFE central house-cleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. C26 O'Farr»ll St.. tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 0IS8.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office: Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 644 California: phone James 2C01.
ORrHKUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Heyt help. 411'* O'Farrell rt.. tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
ELDERLY, American woman desires to go as
housekeeper; experienced with entire care of
motherles* children: also cooking, washing
nnd entire work; references given; wages $10
to $l.'i. Hox 1315. Call. ; J
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class work,
will go out by the day; tailor-made suits a
specialty. 1532 Polk st.
FRENCH lady, teaching French and also ex-
cellent German, wants a position, as gover-
;. ness; no objection to country; best references.'
Addrfirs box 0010. Call office. ; «„
A' COMPETENT Swedish girl wants, position
to do hpusework In an "American family. Call
at the residence of the pastor of Swedish M.
K. Church. 1039 M)nna.'st.
GIRL wants a place to rlo general housework
and plain cooking; wages $20. Please call at
¦ 127A SILver st. ; -,
OLD, lady wishes situation to assist- with light
¦ housework; -two -or three in family; wages
. frotn |S to $10. 49 Shipley St. .? .. .»"
A ftV'OMAN wants a eltuatlon doing general
- housework In private family. Address 113S
„ Howard st. • ¦ ; . .
A RKSPECTABLE woman wants * a place to
do housework;' Is a good plain cock; 'Apply
78 "Jessie .*t., , ' „, ' . :j • .
WOMAN, -with a child wishes 'a. position to
Cook on' ranch; wagM $12 to $13. Box 1351.
' Cal lofflce. - - •.
YOUNQ couple, quiet; ;wlfe wants "work for
husband's, beard. In small family. • Box 1907,
Call, office. ¦•".':'
CAPABLE" '"woman wants work by the day;
plain. washing or housecleanlng. Address E
. . N:, box 19C5, Call offlre.
MIDDLE-'AGED wt>man wants washing or
housecleanlng: refortnee; $1 10 da'y. Box 1913,
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation ta'do
3 housework in a small family; good cook; good
reference. 2203 Howard st. ¦ . '"'''. ••
YOT;NG."la0y wants position to do housework
. and plain cooking; wages $15. Call 518 Lin-
den ave. , •«..-..
RESPECTABLE youngjady wishes- position as
saltslidy In a store. Call 1435 Buchanan St.,
rear Kilts. • . , . 4 . .- ,~ , ¦ ''.
E wnc 0I T?^ Y - and lace of a11 klDds worked by
,MRS: DAWKENS. 1722 Mission' st.
YOUNG Blrl .wishes place to asetFt'in hou«e-
wotk. Call 4O4'.i» Fourteenth Bt;: lower flat.
LADY compositor wishes a position; 'good
worker. Address MISS B.. <33 Jessie St., be-
tweeti Fifth and Sixth sts. .„
COMPETENT nurse wishes full charge of In-
rant; can make herself generally useful about
the house; best of city, references. 1128 Pine.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, 'Spanish, nne i cook,
pastry-cook: In fine family or boardlng-
houserwnges $;p to $35. Box ;1957. Call office.
SEAMSTRESS wishes rngngements by the day
or week.; Aildresa box 1062. Call offlco.. : ; , ¦ .
R K F 1NER young lady wants 'position in fam-
ily or with Invalid lady asx companion or
amanupn!»ls: references. -¦ Box .1950, Call. ; :
RELIABLE. girl wishes position c as» cashier in.
restaurant.' Address 514 Second st.
WOMAN would like to work by the da»-; please
call or write. ICG Eleventh Bt.. -box.24.
W J > i C iiF STKU House. 44 Third St.. hear Mar-
k«t-200 rooms; !5c to $150 j night. $1 50 to $6
week; convenient ami -respectable;, free 'bus
nna hngvaep to and from ferry. ' - -'
IZM PLOYMKXT WANTED— M ALE. «
j irAX arttl wlf» want position; man understands
gardening, /arming, care of horsofi: wife good
housekeeper; could take care of private place
, rail nr adclrpxp K. C. PETERSON, 523 Kearny
st..-- Friday, between, 1 and 3 p. m. ¦ ;.v
A YOUNG colo m i man would like situation In
private family; thoroughly, understands the
care or horses and careful driver, and make
-.. h'mselT generally.. tiyeful. Box 1BSJ, . Call.-. " ;.:.
WORK wantert. by., a first-class- paperhanger,
decorator and painter; country or city: refer-
enecs given./, Address box 1922. Call office. \
AN. 'expert : bookkeeper. Idle short time. - wants
i£ mpo !i*r v v i" rk ot any kind In an oftice. Box
1 " 1310. Call office.
t4_: — - c ',. "' "- — — -: ¦* ¦ "'¦ ' — '- —^- — l— : — LI ¦ • : i! — . — °" '"' * •* ? ,
" .'•"¦• ¦ 'r- ' •'. *V* - *¦ ; . l s " /J «iii Jy ' ' ' '.'*¦" ; " vV "* ' :-' ; ' ¦ '" «* ~* , ° 0". - o--v
¦¦ . ;/. 0:) ]'.':% %%. ; $ I • • :< P^ : f^^ct^£^^ V^p UTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1901.
11
JIATRIMOMAL.
nnNTLEltr.X » S^h'n,-; to marry wealthy ladles
sr r .d 10c for lift. MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis st.
MARRIAGE bnreaB.: confidential list" iocT
MR. BLAKE. j23 Kenrny Et.. rooms. 4 and i.
"77- Mli: M ICAl - • :
brt: and VIES. 1228 Market, the weilT
•Known Is cT.es" specialists: S2 years' practice* '
pprffctiy reliable; a,' positive cure iruariinteed
. nt : x-:f.^": • patient- treated can return same
tiay:.. Otom •wifhir.tr to treat themselves should
rent f.'.r;th? HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT.
. MSN'T.:.,* sur». cure: Rives instant relief; harm-
• !*?!¦; rry.cr.e can ui>e'!t;.'»tarr.p for circular.
UXS.. GOODWIN., th- well-known exprrt on
•' £;<<»:.ff s of -.-empn, has returned from Eu-
r.op^r. a treatmpnt guaranteed to cive Instant
reMet-.fcr any aU_B«st: safe and Tellable: 10
-;-yp_r* in Q. C* Hospital. London; practiced In '
s P? %_6cc ISM; maternity horse; fee low.
¦ •¦i-Mnrkft M.. r.par Sixth. •..,
IP., G. \V. O'DOXNELI-. moved to 1018 Market. .
err- «th: ¦world-renowned ladle*' . specialist : "
*.a f e. rel;ab>; practiced "in San Francisco .for
¦ years; treoted -thousands of ca<es eucce**fuUy; !
treatment .ran ,te used -at home; consultation
free. /.Atter- all -ethers; fjill ca'U'cn him.
MRE.-DB. KOHIv. WMarkoj «.; cor. .Sixth—
"Paff and reliable Ja<iW jthykSdan; 25 yvars'
, f- -.iwfssf u! practice; f>o5;tiv«>--ir?ure pua ran teed;
¦' « hfa othrr* 'fail ccriftri.t ,fpec;- hours 9 to S.
MUSv DR.-WYETH. reliable- specialist : .25 -j-rs.'
rucctssful -practice: (ruaraisleed treatment at
effice: any aHrnertf: b^me Joe Tatl»nt«: con-
'«-tt free. r«4i Po«: n.. ' b»t. Hvd* and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN-Remaiv^'t<v rllg Market.
>«*t. TaylT and "a«-vi: ladl°s' special '.st.' '.
.*.I1M-" AAO MIMMJ; : T"" .
. MONTT-SVMV'COPPEIt PTOCKS *'""'""
". • JIONTEZVMA COPPER STOCKS ".
. . . mqntk;'.i"M-.v .oFrKR stocks'; ' ° •
. '¦."¦ , Rfead This Letter. ¦.'•-'
*.. :¦' ¦•*-, • nead This Letter. "¦.'¦- "• '. •'
Kead'This J>tler.\ :, : . • '¦"'
, OFFICE OF "MDNTEZCMA MIXING CO -
O?ficef— Tacosna. S«attl»>. Chicago, San Fran-
cisco. ...Detroit. Mich/ ' r«epos!toi-j'. ¦ Pacific ¦ Na-
tional P.ar.k, Ticflisa. -.'.',.• . , -• .
' .' ' .' TACOS-A, Vaifh., Feb. IV i?Cl..
To the Stockholder-: .• ¦ ' .' ... .' ', '.'
' If .is. th«. intention of.tiie manacfrn-nt jto is- j
»ue .from time to tlm<?.' as the prepress of our
xrteif-s -tt-arrant,. reports on trsatters -pertair.lr.g
.to- .the corcpany-. -'••-.. " - =
'.?>' :•;.' COPPER PROPERTtES.: '' . "'
.Msht and Cay shifts- are at. work -ey.1er.dmk
1Ute ir-S'oct^unrel of the; Taccma rnine. \>rj-
c-rr.rlete hcuf-'s -have "been .'built- and three
months" rrov;slons f<x* th* fcrc^ -^t .work have
t^en teken up-.', : yv.e are thvs anir'.y.'.safejtuarded
tgainrt th* tprftigar.i J-ate .wfcter
to be 'enoourit,erea.. .Thp ere .le-nGve'tf: on this
ik-beiBB. clissffied lr.tr>' &rri ¦hnd'.s'^oni
¦c.SlSs- tin »he -dump. On the Blo<* ooe s^.ift
cf m<--n are- at. -rork «rw<mg liti.ilarnirs and <Jo-
ir.R t=i-rriiiar* ~cfk preparatory 'to-iaklnK eut ore
from thrPeJu'cc-if-k "Blue: -\>in:',."*rhe -tiatl ta the
Chicago flroup- Is rownpafly/CorriplMed. ¦ D«v€l-
JCTW'nt tiorlf :ctj .ttijs' pi-^up-'-'wtill .-fiot be ccm-
•pier.eea fcnj.U about ¦ Afrit-lti'.- :¦:•"'.?¦ ¦. '':'.¦ '
• ¦' '•¦¦¦:.¦":- ¦. .¦.•:• coal lk-a*e6.': ,•"•• - : --. : - ¦ .
.'-'After several rptmths Vif sv'rs'jtiailori* w'ft hare
etecfr-iiefl.'ijj sefuri^-C.'a S3-J- «"«r.*leaBe.-5>t.a' very
.valua'ole. tr» f 't'. o/^coaJ;. laijrt. 'l««;ated:.h*ar: Fair-
Jsx: ;-maVtn_-' . irttli 'the' .- JfiO.V. &<?f*5 previously
• leafed. 'ISSf) -^crfB tiusMafiJuSfpd'.". 'T.hlS' p^iul-
fition give* u> four..*ir-"l*f5,;-llrir_r. ,rrt..th?'lC vrins
cf <^r>al Icur.S "fi t 1 "." -¦rj.f i^ir.I leasi?.*, Thi^i lease
1* «-;r^a1r.*d tn-^cri'iCrj^trin; w(jfh:the.*>V_shingrton.
V>-rpf-ratiV» Mln:n(?'rJ~V3-1icawi'.iah..a.rrangeir.cnl
pr*st!y" t-v our «.1varta:F?: .. \\>' tfcus.-'are enabled.
•to dcuMe.fUr Tv-.-iriJu!.;*' >Spil3-!; en t>.?-,ci9-opera'»-
Vive >lf -a^-- '•-¦¦•!?.::<? :iri rreny-cases tfc>. »»p«i<i« of
pper£t.fctt.'.ts* hsiie.i. -.Xv'erSv'on i" •the'-e '"a! -is now
', tifing tyoaecu.qyt . «rftft"-' V<\ men; /and this S jium-
t-fr v.VA • t><i victra'f <»4": ja.5"rapi Uy a.g'.flevejapmcnt
. Trtll., nermK-- i-VVt-pful -f*tlrr,ates made .i^- oar
.r»«cul^r ' «r.pjr'9«r. "jiaNf'-.Uf to *aj' -that-triere Is
*E'.u>;h:^' t?-..ls .-prrperty: to..&Kc-u* the mlQ-
.-'ing-ri;; .^" ¦•;::; r-f ,r?r ''isy; tor iVS:^tc%. . ."TM.^ cosi
if c-jn'*>i>ily:;ike\ fce*t ' .«y»okjni .and • Steaming
.era! rro^Ui-ft-j <?n. the c^'ft. At^tbe-lxrPsect time
'.t-h> JSif^narsi.- f 't it .1? >o >'freat that if we r.-ere
¦prod'Sjrir-.T a-LfHIf- capacity wff.'^ould rot «upply j
.<CTe-hK!f oC the pr*>5=<>rit r^quircijs^t of the rnar-
k«t. ¦-.«!*«> .¦p]ngin* i « ! r fFttrr-ites, at present price*.
th*\.j_fc'rroftfs et li.oo r^r ton -ffr coal and. $1.50
r-pr't^ri-fbr rrke. -n*e- have recently ordered iS
imrrbxft'? cr-k<» client.- Our. steamtnK coat will
t-« on'^-h'e rr.art-*"t In ©P.flayis from date hereof.
¦¦:;-¦¦ : IMPaOVF.MESTS.- ¦ .
• ' The,.T!»v*l'~rrr!mt on. t!re o6al property Is be-
Irr' irfftsyqitjed -wifh crpat ««ej-gy, - The flume
for farnijfhinar the pc-v.er for operatlns foe saw-
ml'J.- dv-riarxio*. Hjhr riant, *tc. la completed
en.-i IrL-c-peratlon. ; TS« eawmill has been Fhipvx^-i
i-.rA wf.i. r^ !n -operation by March next^. . The
from tb<? main workings to th»
raiir^ad at Fairfax. V+ tn!!»*. if ficw completes.
We fha'l re fhSppIr.e /"oal by May next
*¦...- ' DIVIDENI'S. '
••¦"W'e or**ct to h" ar.Ie to nnnounce. Auj-st 1
prpx.;-.«. ZlrifieKl payable October 1, lt<I. De-
v*!opm*nts to date' fully -.-;>?•:.*• nt this arniunce-
rr.^nt^,.-:; , y ,<:..vr. Thompson. Pres.
¦¦« ¦¦'.¦•.. ;• .:,*" ¦•/¦- — '¦ — -".'-•.¦¦¦ ;: .
' The- •SIr-nt»ruir.a ha» tlje brightest prosp<?^t of
£tiy . rriir.iT.s ; <"o.irir<3.--r ¦. <io the coast. It will
Tr.nk**. p\<~x* money for -it* stockholders than any
otn^r .^^Tr.^jtny.' tie *-ppp^x .qrr^^r>al j^r^r^rt f es
ar». u!W><i-ja!»-<f: "a^-.'ri^vrl'-'prrient dnlly" froves.
Mfir?- -mrtwy. is -h^^t^i to r'isii <3»velopment.
Thavl? ¦»*}« ».tock- <!«ar value til is eold until
MarcK i_S at Te. <yf ft or fe % ft.n-'4nstellment». At
<h to-, trice it is a- ereat'-'b^rEalK. Call «r send
fpr. pi t»i>»Atu-.-.i- : -.'..¦•¦ ' •'•
ThE-AMERICAS Gt'AP.A^T^ « TRT'ST CO..
'.'-¦•¦ ¦.--/.-•• • ¦ •¦• '¦" ' "i"-".'.-- • ;' Sel'tng- Agpnts. '
; : ". -.W-SW PAfe.'DeposJt ¦BJ'aj,,. San Francisco.
. Si?'.VE* b<iu<ht'_r^i fpH';' kls> kbeks in mines
: ;*n<l .ril ccmpiaEies. Prof. Jbhn Tiiton. rms.
;, <TS-jIT^. - «th floor, ParriStt -ijlde-.-: ,p-li. 1-S. *
CHEAPEST ar.d -tSr' !n^Ani»'jr'.c_--Tli° "V\*e«?kly
CalUvH rsge*.':s»"-rii ¦J J >';-aT.j;. : s^liiref-s...tn the
•'T'n'fted S:a.tts or •^*ic»'la op.e'ye&r for II.
¦ '.y- _¦¦'•' ¦-.-:..;¦•¦. 3HO?.i£X 'ro loajV." : : ;•; '/¦¦
A-rMONEY to Icftntt. rates -wMch people can
..afford, to pay :.qo!- ;_rj_tture,- pianos j-. etc.: do
¦not: borrow .cf your friends -cr you. 'will lose
¦ tfceir frjendshlpi do business with .etrangers
' and, -you wtli be t><»t.t«r.if—tis_e<3; rio'delay; no
' publicity-. Hoorssa-arKt 10,-i)0« Market ex.
A_\*T rproposuion, any amount ;« per cer.t : first,
eecend rnortgEjes; >rtatrs in prolate. Interest
in tstat^s. l«raclei?;cv.rporBt!on loans, chattel
m9rt|tage« arid, eecuriti*-*. Room ?S. l»t floor,
iChrorrlcle bciidre. HALLORA.N & O-LSEX.
'.¦A2)t araour.t at € p*r cent; Ist.. Wand' 3d mort-
; safes, undivided Interest. j>»1 >st*te la p'ro-
• ' tate; r_6rtfage» tnd Jegacleji .bo-j^ht; no d*-'
' --3*-yi- cet my term* beftr* dbiss b-^sinee» else-
. .ttf,tre . K. .McCOLCA.V, ;< Moctgomcry, r. •!.'
HlGHtT resr^tftbje, -private Ulice .to. obtain
'. -^tber*.! i«dv_Bc*« on <1_jrnona?. -Jewelry at low-
¦: «*t;r»tr*. BsJd^rin : J«-*;elry Strxr*.- 84« Market
| >t->,-ttl. -¦__,;# ICU;- .Br»ccb l»...Tfelr.tf.«t. ."
X^Vi'EST rate* on fsraltare,' i»te..ty private
:f_rt}-; no removal; -.-no aoTajritrtfo^; cboSim-
v yap Roqs} ;. : Cpsseryatory. '.-bldg.y- 301 'Jones.^
StO&T reliable piace to borrow oh' diamonds
*'**". J'w^iry,: W,'--'J: HESTHAL. -16 PUth4
higiveT-l price tor ol3 iroM. *tlv*r; diamond*.
. OK '- ; f urhlturej ..pianos': '¦¦ m. ' r^movai ; rnoiie*
Cwicjci: lowest fcter?«: eas>: Urss*; nobroker-
age ;;rf '.table party. ¦ u:fr- .Market" »t..; roam. 88. '
MOXET • loaned Baijurled peeplewSthout ifCUrity.
HILL, rm. 4^ ¦- Mercfaan^s'. -E.»., «n'Call-forcta^
|ltX>,000 T0 .loan on real. e«at« or' for building;
low Ta-te", Home Bid*. Co..' t2 Suit ditse/ r. 2.'
1X)ANS, irtVpr 2d mtg5 ; city, country: t%. un«3l-
\-lded Int.a. r estateo. HARPER. 837 Parrott bid"
CASH lsanedvon sals ties; New Tork . rHaa. THE
TOUgLCY CO-.; in Parrott. building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note, without
lndoreer. MOFfRnLL. 60S ; Ex_mJsv?r- faulldlng.
_"O salaried people without collateral- . or In-
(JpTser. g. F. . Discount Agenry.143 Phj?Ian big.'
MUSICAL ¦ IKSTUCMEafT?. • ,
rACKARD- Packard— Packard— is -.the same to
keep In mlad when you want to .buy a first-
claas piano for;* .fair prlco. "A full assort-
ment can always be t ouad ¦ at ' MAUVAIS 1 .".
'B» Market mU :''¦.'¦ ¦¦'¦:i ... -. . '-...'- : •
J*IANOS for '¦¦cksb— yiaco* on time — pianos
cheap— ar.d pianos high— price (&q be had at
MAUVAIS', ?£?. Market St.. v
THE. Mauvais Music: Co., agents for the* cele-
brated Decker".&' Bon iiianoe.: hav» Juet re-
celx-ed another -carload of tbette ' beauttful in-
struments. Th«. greatest varifcly.-ln- styles of
cases arid -woods -can. be e»en. ar.j persons' de"-
¦irlng to select one of these most.' perfect
pianos should ; -.caTl ¦-[¦ early, . ¦ Waperoom. 7O
Market gt.-- ¦..'¦^¦¦.:-.J -. •¦¦ ¦ :¦'¦'.' ' ' ° " /
TOU cannot rnak*- a mistake If ¦ you buy a
Decker & Ecs.' Packari. Baumelster, Smith &
Barnes. WiiiariJ : or. ' Ariington' plaaa at
MAUVAIE'. 7fe»- Market •t.-Tou can pay. cash
: or IM-Jlaeaa.-;--.'' - : --.- ¦'¦'-¦¦'•¦-;¦•-'". ' '.'.'¦
AXT person havjn*- use for a piano 'can be'aa-
commodated at Sherman. Clay •*" Co.'s" wltji
easiest payments* 'lowest prices and- rnr^st «•
i:abl« makers- to choose from. Each the best
of their rrade. from Steinway Jo-urn.. Priv-
ilepe Ei r *n -t3 exrttnge medium and « Idw
priced placi* : *pr a new Steinway. any trme
within thre* years from, date- of purchas*.
B*aut!r»l ' new uprights sold for W ca»h. a£d '
${ per month. -¦- W« -offer toceU'Some rtsod.
plinoi for », 44 and IS per month. _H_R-
XTAN CRAT & CO..* Eteitrway ««or.
r.er Kearny and Eutter sts- San" Fraacisepr
comer Broadway and Thirteenth st.. - Oak- .
land.--,:-:;:-;- -.--.. - ' .- " . *'" r ° ¦' ° '¦ ¦¦
AT wnoleeale until SlarCh l»t. '¦¦ 1 1 0 new piano*,
tlSS jup. Oreatest offer ever, mads In -prices.
and terras ii per month and ap. ' . o ° ="
6 Bte'nways
1 .Novell- ........,...'.... ..v^../|tl
4 Mallet -c Davis .— :« *•'••*!»!
* Ufine ...,,^.. v »SS*
'. Chlck«-rlr.«tB. 60 other*.,....-. — . .°..«4»
We-Jianiie all makes; aien^s for *ome of
thtdldfft and most famous In. ex-.
lrtehce.Hallet Davte, BehT • Bro«..- Jewett,
etc; *«>>nts wanted. HEINE PIANO C_»M-
PANT.-.Zl* Goary nt. . C_____
/.BSOLtrT^ILT the cldert and largert hotis*
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. :«,
2* and SO O'F_rre!l rt.: platio*. or_*n« and
ell other miMloai inrtrnroents of 'all Crades
• nd pTice«:teiiris.'«_!'j:; price* lowest :. *very-
thlncr po»«lbl« -one to r lease .and." satirfy the
curtomer.. . . .. •' "...'.-. • •*
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A BOXA-FIDB cleanlng-out removal sale of
.secend-hand' pianos et low auction pries, $20
up (this week only). WILSON'S Storage, 1710
Market st. . .. •
A FEW new pianos for $150; necond-
. hand from J30. BEXJ. CURTAZ &. SON.
IS O'Farrell st. Chlckerlngr and Vose agency.
CLOSINO" out stock- of elegant -pianos; send
for price. W. C' HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
VINE «_,ndard upright piano; must be sacrl-
flced ln 5 days; leaving city. 324 Golden Gate.
WANTED — Second-hand piano cheap for ca«h;
¦ - no dealers.-' Dos W3. Call office.
WANTED— Five good square pianos for coun-
try Echoo.g. BTRON MAUZY. SOS Post St.
HtCH-GRADE pianos: Steck, Hardman. Con-
over and pthers. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 3U Post.
BARGAIN— Must, be sold; nice upright piano.
__gCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St., next Hlb. Bank.
A N'EA"RLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
. powerful tone. HORNUNO. 21* McAllister.
BYRON- MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
¦ • Maut'y. Oabler and 8pel!man pianos. SOS Pest.
ON" sale— Steinway upright $200. 217 Geary »t.,
•__rocm !«. - .
•SPECIAL SALE— Immense reductions; see our
_Jeajler.j_pnly $150. BRUENX. 208 Post st.
AT KEEFFE'S !>33 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shoninger agency.
HXST rent' rtook In city; new pianos, $2 per
month. SCOTT-CrRTAZ. MO Hayes st.
St'PF.RIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
ML'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OKI'ICKV AM) STORES TO LET.
CORNER store— West corner Fourth and Perry
Ft*. ; occtrpJed as grocery end" bar for past 30
years': rent $2^: water free. Apply to G. II.
I'MBSEN" & CO.. 14 Mcntscmery *t.
TO Lef— Cipar store at 144C Market St.; rent $20.
CHEAP, light efflces. Emma Spreekels bulld-
..'. ing,. ?Ti Market st.
ji OIL.
OIL lands for r.-ile— 110 acres positively proven
• ell !*;«!¦ for wltfln S. 24, T. 2S. R. 27, Kern
. River district, $1250 per acre; will eell ln
' TC-acre -lots and upward. Call or address
• A. K. PEP.CIVAL & CO.. £29 Nineteenth St..
. ¦ Eakerrftcld*. .- ¦
Zim SHARPS In Rawhide Oil Company: must
be sold as a whole cr in smaller amounts if.
• d«ired. Address Owner, box li>93. Call office.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. S30 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
. . Country correspondence solicited.
.~~ ~~ ~oil~17a~mj!» Koii salb.
QUARTER section Kern land at $10 an acre;
_pood indications of oil. Bcx 1S65. Call office.
KERN River: proven territory: line of R.- R.
Newton. Carmen & Somes, r. 104; Chronicle.
I'Al.\XI_Kh AMJ OKCOUATOltS.
Wall paper, window Ehades; rooms papered, ; $3
'- up. Jensen & Bath. 3CS Sixth; open evenings.
. . VALMISTttY.
,H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist, 513
- * Taylor gt.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
• ' I'ATE.vr* AM) TK.VMOXS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
I'KKMIXAI.S.
. A— IF your ha!r is falling or you are bald, call
¦on DR.- G. Bs MOORE, 4S8 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed: this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed: call or send for clrculir.
YOl'NG gentleman dtslres acquaintance of
Spanish young lady: object, matrimony; an-
swer Immediately. Box 1SCS. Call office.
GENTLEMAN 35 years old. with • means,
wishes to meet r. young lady or widow the
came ape; object, matrimony. Address bcx
39*0. Call office.
"iOl'NG man of good character desires to cor-
rfspend with Spanish young lady; object,
matrimony. F. DOMINGO, 1138 Howard st.
tl WEEKLY: suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market st, between Seventh and Eighth.
VALUABLE information will be given to all
person* addicted to the use of cigarettes, liq-
uor, morphine or any other drug by MRS. E.
PEARCE. 724 Sixth ave.. Richmond District.
WANTED — Woman quick to discriminate, to
employ representatives; salary; expenses; no
canvassing-. Box 1914, Call.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
A-$SE0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $175. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 230" Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
MASQUERADE costume*, play books, wigs;
country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
GOOD home open for healthy boy or Rlrl baby.
Mrs. Dr. Funke. 141? Eighth St., Alameda.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
2Sc to $1 &0 per night; $1 50 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and bargage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway..
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office., 1021 Market »t.. nr. Sixth.
MACHINE turning, metal spinning, brats fin-
ishing & rr.odels made. A. Graff, 10 Stevenson.
FL'PERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Butter st.
ER. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
cprn cure; !3c; all druggists.
ALFRKDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: H; at all druggists.
rHYSlCIA.NS AXI> 3UKGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'liONNELL— Office and residence!
' 102114 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR.- WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
¦ treats all diseases of. the human body; *•«
, testlracr.it.1s at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
BEAL ESTATE CITY— FOB. SALES.
EASTOX, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
CS Market st.
B.EAUTrFVli WKSTERN ADDITION RESI-
¦ '-, ;. DENCE— MUST BE 6OLD.
fSOOO— On " Scou . sf. ; handsome bay-windowed
¦ : house, 8 rooms and brth;, porcelain tub; two
,• tile mantels. • etc. ; bitumen street; cement
.walk; can. arrange terms.
CHEAPEST PROPERTY
" .. ; .-", - SOUTH OF MARKET.
|i3$0— Must be eold to satisfy mortgage; three
. rtegant bay- windowed flats, almost new; al-
ways tented at tZZ p«»r month; Minna st. •-
. ¦"_•'¦ POWELL-: STREET CORNER.
JS3WV-R*nts $1200; three stores and loAflnjf-
house, 21 rooms and basement. • •'¦¦J y '-"'
J_ RENTS $316— PRECE $8730.
Four fine Hate, 6. 6. Z. 3 rooms; brick founda-
tion; near First and Howard sts.
tw __ KEV.' MISSION CORNER FLATS.
$3-U-- Northeast corner; 2ixlOO feet; two new
- rnoeern nats ; 4 and 5 looms and bath : porce-
Lti ! \.^ ni 'V"* d ma *»«'»: 10-foot basement;
•brick foundation. .
««1^ • ' A 'COZY HOME.'i:*^:
11300-J rooms an* bath; high basement: large
-¦barn;. lot 25x114 feet; Hill at., near Church.
.• "N'EW ELEGANT MODERN COTTAGE.
J35OO— € rooms and bath; porcelain tub; tile
mantel; every modiTi improvement; light
and sunny; level lot; two car lines.
PRETTY MISSION HOME 1 '
$1500— Cottage., 6 room* and. bath; stationary
•washtubs; half-block of two car lines.
TO CLOSE AX ESTATE. - .W i~
' ' - . . ANY'OFFER SUBMITTED.
$3300— Make offer; thre« flats; 6. i. 3 rooms;
, rents $37 B0 per month; Natoma st. tr
BARGAIN.
$19-.C00— Modern corner residence in the best por-
- lion of 'cjlerkeley; every convenience; lotiOOx
" ICO feet; one block:' from station.
'•. - EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO..
c . T33 MARKET ST.
LOOK at°this fine bargain: Just what a con-
tractor 'and builder is looking for; onlyb $675
*ach. $1350 for both together, for those two
'choice lots on west >ide Eleventh ave.; : 1M
, feet -north' of Clement. 'orl the elevated ground
5 "Ar/d sltely, fine marine view; all street -work
done; cars parsing • -every few minutes. These
j lots =were- selected dou account of. -being -so
well locatedo*nd cost $.1-00 each. No expense
' for search of title as that Is. furnished to the
buyer. A few dart ago & lot sold 0 for $900 to
the north of these lot* in the same block;
3 «ur terms" If desired: JSO first payment. W.
QUXN. £30 California St. ¦ -
A THOROUGHLY gllt-ede.« Investment; fine
brick block containing 6 ¦ stores and fiats
above; all rented; lot S0_128;° northeast " cor-
ner: very prominent: paying rood Interest:
owner wants to go into oil. Apply to JAMES
: MASON, Notary, 42S California St., San
Francisco. - ''..''•'
CHEAPEST lots tn the Western Addition;
couth west .cot. Pine and Lyon sts. : 7 lots 25
X100 and 2SxS7:t; $1220 to $1500. McGLTNN &
MENTON, room. 22. Chronicle building. ; . :
IN Mill Valley, a nice home for e&le cheap on
account of departure. t2« Turk st., 8. F.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Ferit, tta*n
call on W.«J. GUNX. '630 C_;i:«__3 tti. . ..
REAL ESTATE — ¦C1TY--FOR f SALES."
G. H. U1IBSEN & OX 14 Montgomery st! '
.AUCTION.
AUCTION. -
AUCTION.
, AUCTION. ¦ '
„ AUCTION. •
AUCTION. '. .
At our salesroom MONDAY, March 4, 1901, at
12 o'clock noon.
E. J.I. CARLISLE ESTATE EXECUTORS'
SALE.
NO. 1.
1310- 1J Devlsadero «.. east line, near Pine,
two bay-window houses of 7 rooms and bath
each: rents $66 per month; lot 32:6x100.
•.NO. 2. •
Devlsadero St., east line, near Pine; build-
ing lot 22:6x100; gas, water l and sewer pipes
laid in the lot; street accepted by the city.
? CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
f FORECLOSURE SALE.
NE. -cor. Seventeenth and Guerrero sts.;
substantial Improvements consist of store, with
K rooms, basement and stable, flat of 7 rooms
and bath above; portion of lot not built on;
both streets accepted by the city.
CASTRO STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
Ml-6 Castro St., near Nineteenth; two stores.
rents $28 per month: lot 37x125.
CHOICE WESTERN A'DDITION RESI-
DENCE.
25C7 Clay St.. near Fillmore; bay-window resi-
dence nf 10 rooms and bath; conservatory; two
desirable 1 irks in tlose proximity: lot 3Sx
127:S<i; at a small outlay could be' converted
into flats. ¦ .
CHOICE RESIDENCF NEAR PARK.
1071 Page st., near Broaerick; choice residence
of 10 rooms and bath: bay-windows, brick
foundation, cement walks, etc.: lot 30x137:6.
CHOICE MISSION RESIDENCE.
140« Guerrero st., n»ar Twenty-sixth; elegant
residence of 35 rooms and bath; large grounds,
brick foundation, cement walks; street accepted
by the city; cen be easily converted into flats
at little outlay; lot 50x153; Irregular.
A. A. BOYSEN ESTATK ADMINISTRATOR'S
SALE.
NW. cor. Sanchez and Twenty-ninth sts.;
substantial improvements consist of store, thiee
flats and cottage, windmill and tank: portion
of lot not built on; lot 51:6-105; subject to
confirmation by th« eiurt.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
McAllister St.. south line, between Baker and
Central ave.; two choice residence lots; level
and ready for building; street accepted by the
city; lots 23x137:6 each; bank mortgage of $2000
can remain.
CHOICE FLATS.
101 Spruce St.. SW. ror. of Jackson: two de-
sirable flats of 6 rooms and bath each: com-
manding an unobstructed marine view; lot
27:SUx93:3 feet; bank mortgage of $2800 at 6
per cent can remain.
MISSION COTTAGE FORECLOSURE SALE.
140 Hartfcrd St., between Nineteenth and
Twentieth, Noe and Castro; ba-- window cot-
tage of 7 rooms and- bath.
MISSION COTTAGE FORECLOSURE SALE.
309 Jersey St., between Noe and Castro, Twen-
ty-fourth and Twenty-fifth: bay-window cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; brick foundation,
cemsnt walks, etc.
I MISSION COTTAGE FORECLOSURE SALE.
1C23 Sanchez St.. neiir Twenty-third; bay-
window cottage cf 5 »-ooms and bath; Inclosed
driveway under house; rents J13 25 per month;
cement walks, etc.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMRSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
_______________________ . __
10 Montgomery st.
PARTIAL LIST OF SOUTH OF MARKET
INCOME AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES.
$4, 7cO— Brannan St.. near Third; 2 houses;
rents $40; lot 37:6x137:6.
$1,500— Bryant st.. near Second; double resi-
dence of 2 tenements, 6 rooms and bath
each; rear house 2 tenements; r»nt3
$42; lot 23x90.
$i,000— Bryant M., near Third; 2 stores and 2
flats; rents $52; lot S2xS0.
$3,<tfO— Bryant St.," near Ninth; 2' flats of 4
and S rooms; rents $24.
J3.000 — Bruce place. t>r? Hanison St., • near
Seventh; 2-story frame building of 3
tenements; rents $28: lot 25x75.
51,000 — Bryant-st. corner; three 1-story frame
buildings; rents S3.': lot 25x&0.
$3,250— Clara St., near Fourth; 2 flats of S
rooms each; rents $17.
$4,C0O— Clementina Ft., near Eighth; 2 tene-
ments of 5 and 8 rooms; rents $37 50;
lot 25x73.
$12,500— Eighth at., rear Mission; 3-story Drlek
building, store and 2 flats; rents $78;
lot 2«:2x75.
$5.650— Eighth Et.. near Folsom: store and
rooms; also rear house: lot 27:6x137:6.
$25,0CO— Fifth-st. corner, near Market; splendid
Improvements; well rented.
$20,000— First-st. corner; & lots; large frame
house.
$7, 000— Folsom st, near Sixth; 2 houses. 7
rooms and bath each; rents $50; lot
37:6x«0.
$14,000— Fourth st.. near Folsom: 2 stores and
rooming-house above; rents $120; lot
40x57:6.
$10,500— Fourth Et., near Bryant; 4-story frame
building, stores nnd rooms above: lot
60xS0; make an offer.
JJ7.000 — Folsom st.. near Fourth: old brick im-
provements; car stables; lot 75x1^5.
through to Shipley St.; also; Clara-it.
- ' frontage. •
14,730— Folsom St., n»ar Eftghth; i stores and
flat and 2 flats in rear; rents $42 30;
-" • lot 25*?0. ' - ' " > . ' ' ' '
$65,000— Fourth-st. corner, close to- Market; 3-
story and basement building; always
rented; pays 6 per cent net
$4,000— Fifth st, near Folsom; cottage of 4
rooms; rents $12; lot 23x100. -
$5.£00 — Harriet St.. near Harrison; 6 tene-
ments; rents $54; lot 50x75.
$5,500— Howard St., near Seventh; old improve-
ments; lot 23x90.
$11,000— Howard et.. near Sixth; 3-story build-
ing; rents $S0. •
$70.000— Howard St., Close to Third; fine Invest-
ment; partially Improved; will vay 8
per cent net; large lot 134:6x165.
$6,000— Howard St., r.ear Seventh: old improve-
ments; rents $35; lot 25x50.
$lS,OCO— Howard st., opposite New Montgom-
ery; frame Improvements; rents $9<;
lot 42x80; corner.
$45,500— Howard st. near Fourth; total rents
$213 50; 75x137:6.
JS.0CO— Jessie «., near Fifth: store and 2 floors
abeve of & rooms; rents $50.
$1.500 — Marlposa terrace; cottage; rents $10;
lot 60x50; near Eighth and Folsom sts.
$0,000— Mlnna-et. corner; store and 3 rooms:
fiat of 7 rooms and bath; houfe,' 7
rooms and bath; rents $62 SO; lot 25x80.
$6,000— Minna St., near Third; 3-story brick
building containing stores and rooms;
rents $50; lot 20x70.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
Opposite New Park Entrance.
Rare chance for home builders and invest-
ment seekers.
Choicest building lots on very easy pay-
ments; on the H-st. electric cars and fronting
Gclden Gate Park and the new Nineteenth-
ate, boulevard.
Lots and streets on the official grade; macad-
emized; plank sidewalks; ga6 and water ser-
vice; low prices: bound to increase ln value;
your own terms; Interest only 6 per cent.
Money advanced for building purpose*; the
ccstl lest and handsomest modern houses ln
Eunset district are now being occupied and
constructed on the new Nlneteenth-ave. boule-
vard. *
Call at once at our branch office, (open week
days, Sundays and holidays), corner of H st;'
and Ninth ave., south of Golden Gate Park,
and ask to be shown these beautiful lots; full
particulars and price list* also at our office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
6 10 Montgomery st.
$j>,600 RENTS $1230 PER ANNUM
Price reduced to make Immediate sale; jwner
must sell on account of departure: 3 new,
elegant, substantial, up-to-date flats on Jack-
eon St.. near Polk: only 2 years old; same
tenants since finished: building cost over $12,-
000; can be. rented for $180 more per annum;
lot 2oxl27:8Vi: a splendid and excellently lo-
cated Investment.
Apply to
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
Apply A. M. SPECK A CO., 657 Market st.
$2100— Four small flats; all rented for $30; half
cash. ¦ . ¦.
J2330— Two eplenflld flats; rented $23; near
Sixth.
$2700— Two swell Mission flats; 5 rooms each
and stable: rents $»; mortgage 52300.
$2500— Sacramento «st., ea§t of Powell; rents
$25 net: one tenant 12 years. . . ,
$3250 — Two nice flat^, 6 rooms each; half-
bloclc from Market St. -.
$3500— Three nice flats; all rented; near Nine-
teenth and Mission ats.: pays 10 per cent.
$55C0— Corner; 40x30, with sood 10-room house;
Hyde st. , . '
$7500— Four brand new flats, east of Van Ness
ave. : all rented. $72.
$7750— Splendid Investment; near Van Ne»s
ave. ; rents iSi. "
$K0O— Business properly; Ninth St., near MIs-
rlon: rents. $43. • .. ¦
$11. COO — Store and two strictly modern flats of
7 and 9 -rooms ». north of Market et. '
$12,600— Leavenv/orth »t.; rents $105; lot 55-
foot front.
$14,000— Threes elegant flats; rented for $140;
¦well locality. 0 • ¦ " - -¦¦-'
$28,000 — Near- Howard and Third sta.; rents
$200; bank mortgage $20 000; lot 4Sxl60."
$2R,000— Business property of 4 stores and 8
flats; rents $250; lot 75x30 feet. ° •
$3S.0OO— Mission-st. corner; 170x160; actually
worth $55,600! must sell at once.
$40.000 — Corner; Goldan.Oa.te ave.; 137:6x137:6;
rents $240. :. J.' ' ;;.' . .
$55.000— Grand corner: 60-foot front; few
blocks Orpheum: pays C per cent net.
$75,000— Grand corner: eo-foot front; within
block ofTivoll: old improvements; rents $400.
Other bargains. . .
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
AX awful sacrifice— Lot o 60xl48 feet, with cozy
cottage and blacksmith shop renting for $25.
O on corner Fourth and Cijos sts.. San Rafael:
$J600; half cash. A. M. SPECK & CO.. €«7
Market gt. ¦--.-' -' '- : ' ¦ ' ¦ •--.
MODERN flats and cottages built; low prices;
o plans and estimates furnished: drop postal.
SALSBURY. builder, office 1333 Market st.
$1700— A SNAP; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
street accepted ; stone sidewalk ; lot 23x50.
PATTERSON & CO.. 11 City. Hall square? ;
$26.000— LOT 40x»i. with 3-story building, fur-
nlshed store and stock of goods; .well rented.
Address Owner, box 1SS2, Call . office.:
2007 WASHINGTON ST. .'"-... ' ,. -
I4S00; must be sold en account of departure;
•houee of 7. 'rooms and bath: lot- 25x127 :%M. . *'
FOR the beet located lots in Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J." GUNN, '.630 .California.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SAMS.
GEO. W. H.~PATTERSON & CO. 7"T"
Will offer for sale at auction MONDAY,
•March 4, 1901. at 12 o'clock m,. at their of-
?fice, 11 City Hall square, the following de-
ecribed F r °P ert y- Improved and unimproved:
IMPROVED PROPJTRTY.
S. E. corner Grove and Webster sts.
." No. 415 Lombard et. . ¦ . • _ .
N. E. corner Noe and Twenty-second sts. "
S.- E. corner Nineteenth- and Hartford sts.
N." E. corner Thlrtlethand Church "sts.
,1C9 afid 1C9H Fair Oaks «.. near 22d.
S. W. corner Seventeenth and Church sts.
32S7 Folsom st.
147S to 14S4 Valencla'St. . " -*
70 and 72 Whitney St. , >i
24 Whitney. Ft. • ¦ - -
4S4 and' 4S6 Sanchez st.
171S Leavenworth St.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
S. E. corner Dolores and Liberty sts.
¦S. W. corner Twenty-eighth ave. and U it
S. W. corner Princeton and* Mansell sis.
Chencry St.. near Palmer. .« -.
i N. E. corner College and Olmstead sts.
' Twenty-sixth ave., near K st.
Twenty-fourth ave. and Bermuda st.
S. W. corner 22d st. and Alden ave..
Se« : our catalogue. '.- -.¦¦-"¦
REAL ESTATE — COUNTKY — For Sale
A MOST excellent 8S0-acre stock and general
farm; nearly all tillable; 50 acres creek bot-
tom, perfect garden soil: complete s*t good
buildings: best watered, ranch in the county:
for less than $5 per acre; worth three times
the amount.
REMEMBER— I'm* accurately acquainted
¦with more country property for sa!» and ex-
change than all oth»r agents in S. .. F.:'30C0
lanches on my list: state what's wanted and
get reliable defcriptlons of bargains.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent, 6 Geary st.
VINEYARD and homa: farm In Llvermore Val-
ley;' splendid property, everything complete:
winery and cooperage; ln full bearing. For
full particulars call on ALBERT E. CRANE.
50S California st.
FARM for sale at public auction March 2. 1901 —
Half mile Sonoma: 37 acres in orchard and
vineyard: furnished house 11 rooms, 2-story:
barn 40x50; horses, wagons, poultry, farming
implements; sale on premises at 1 p. m.
FRANK CHELINI. Sonoma.
CHEAP little town homes: also country prop-
erty: In eastern Contra Costa Co.; write Just
what you desire and receive reliable informa-
tion. D. MACARTNEY. Antioch. Cal,
IN Mill Valley, a nice home for sale cheap on
account of doparture. 526 Turk Rt., S. F.
WRITE J.- W. HORN. S12 Main. Fetaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
~ REAL ESTATE .WANTED.. ~~~
WANTED— In Richmond District: a lot about
175x120 feet. Inside of * Fourteenth ave., be-
tween the Park and the Presidio. CHAS. S.-
NEAL. 230 Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— HIS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAt^ ESTATE.
BANKER'S home; 8 rooms; half block choicest
grounds; cost $15,000; reduced to *S000: offer
wanted quick; going Germany. Laymance
Real Estate Co.. 460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE fen SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOBIS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CHESTNUT, 2?:— 1 or 2 sunny furnished rooms.
CHESTNUT, 293— Sunny furn. rooms for house-
keeping; cheap; fine view; quiet neighborhood.
EDDY, 207— Nicely furnished front room; -run-
ning water: gas; cheap; quiet house.
EDDY, 939—2 large well furnished rooms;
newly papered; private residence; no children.
ELEVENTH. 108— Nicely furnished bay-win-
dow suite for housekeeping ; also single rms.
ELLIS. 621—3 rooms, newly furnished, house-
keeping. $20; also 2 rooms, $13 50; gunny.
GOLDEN Gate ave., 631— Very large front bay-
window room; furnished; no children.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622— Sunny bay-window
suite 3 rms.; hot, cold. water: yard; laundry.
HOWARD, 1063V4— Two completely furnished
connecting housekeeping rooms; range, run-
ning water; }9.
JONES, loOQ, corner Jackson— Three i outside
sunny corner rooms; desirable location; cars
pa?a the door; adults.
LARKIN. 304 — Larpe sunny front room, $10; 2
fiiumy back housekeeping rooms, |ll.-
NOE,- 153.- near Marktt— 2 sunny -bay-window
rooms ; . folding .bed, gat, yrat*; J14. ...
OCTAVIA, 1403. corner Geary— Furnished bay-
window; mantel, large room, with kitchen,
complete. _ " .
SIXTH, 136-^-Sunny^ rooms for light housekeep-
ing: also room for gentleman.
STOCKTON, 607— Elegantly furnished floor of
4 sunny ~rooms; also single rooms.
TEHAMA. 478, near Rixth-$9; 2 sunny front
rooms for light housekeeping.
TWELFTH. 11 — 1 or 2 rooms and kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping.
HO — i rooms. 515 Thirteenth St.. near Guerrero.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726. near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms: nice, nep.t, complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmora st.
ROOMS TO LET Pnrn. and I'niurn.
XhLBOR^ HOTEL. .J21 Grant ave.— BesTdoH
lar a day family hotel In city: polite attend-
ance: large rooms; modern conveniences rooms
60c up: first -class meals 23c: free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to tl per night; (1 23 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping ; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH, 520 <The Elk)— Changed hands; nicely
furn. sunny rms., single, en Rulte, newly reno-
vated; all conven. Mrs. K. M. Ramsey, prop.
EDDY, 513— Front bay-window rulte; furnished
or unfurnished: also two handsomely fur-
nished rooms, single; terms moderate.
EDDY, 770— Handsomely. furnished back parlor
and other rooms; running water; bath. -
KDDY, £24— Sunny suite, fcuttable for 2 or 3 gen-
tlemen; also slngrle rcom; reasonable.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to
let. , ' ¦ ¦¦ ¦
F ILBERT. 614— Nicely furnished sunny alcove
room, suitable for 2 gentlemen.
FULTON. 525— Large: furnished double room;
bath; suitable for two.
GF.ARY.403 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlr.hed
mm: suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GROVE. 609%— Nicely furnished front room.
JONES,. 611— Newly furnished rooms e for gents
only. . .
LARKIN, 715— Two. sunny furnished « house-
. keeping rooms; S12. ..
MARKET, 1122— Nice bay-window suite three,
rooms; new and clean; rent reasonable. ¦
MINNA, 1 C67, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
. bay-window room, Jl per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms 'and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished parlor, en
eultc or single; gas. bath, phone; ?10 to $24.
ROYAL House, US Ellis— Incandescent light;'
reading-room, smcklnsr-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nlcht, 33c to $1 50; week, !2 to'
IS; month. $S to JSO: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold. water; baths. /
ROSEDALE House. . M9-321 Ellis' st.— Rooms
night. ?5c to $l; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
SHfiRMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth ' St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. ;
SUTTER, 320%— Changed hands; newly - reno-'
vated; single rooms. $S; suites. <1_ to $25 mo. '
SMALL tunny front room within walking ois"-
. tance of Call building; cheap to good roomer-
no children, i Bex 19J2. Call office. . -
TURK. ,613, between Van Ness ave nnd Polk '
St.— Threis unfurnished, rooms; $15..
T WeCftH, ' 111— A ..;. large. , aunny.- well-fur-
nlished room; reasonable; phone and bath. ¦¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
•subscriptions has " betn established at 1036
Vnlenrlv »t. " - . ". .. ' • •
' ' ItOOKS > AXU 11OARD. • •
AT the old.- Stevenson -mansion, opp. Grace
* Church, with annex _07 ¦ California st., may
be found & most exceptionally good table, at-
I tractive and elehtly rooms at modest • rates.
NEWLY furnished eunny suite and o^her' sun-
ny ' rooms with board ; ; modern conveniences
1151 Octavla st. ; - ; ' : •¦ " • .
ROOMS ¦ and ' board; • prices reasonable. 41J
: First «t. ' -.¦ ¦¦--. - -¦ -..--.¦- . > y .-,';,:.->.
TYPEWRITERS AND ° SUPPLIES;.
GREAT BARGAINS IN^^piiw^rTERS^w'j
"; eell better machines for less money than anyi
- ' bou«e in the £ity; rentals, $3. -,TJie. Typewriter
- . Exchange, £36 California ; telephone . Main 1 2S6.
. " SPECIAX. NOTICES.
ALL persons who aided In the rescuing of liv-
ing Chinese from the wrecked steamer Rio de
Janeiro please * call on I undersigned, prove
facts and receive reward. .JOHN E. BEN-
NETT, of counsel for Chinese Six Companies,
EOS Montgomery st., city. '<¦ ...
100 CASES: sparkling Hochhetmer, vintage '82.
J16 per, case, reduced" to $10; 1C0O gallons very
old port, sherry and muscatel -wine $2 per gal-
lon, reduced to Jl." V. HOLTUM, Johannes-
burg Wine Vaults. 817 Callfornla;.st.
$150,CC0 TO loan on lst'morteages; will loan en
80- per cent; easy payments; mutual, plan.
'Apply-, if. .-J.. box 1476, Call office.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery -St.. rooms -9-10: tel. -5580. ¦-.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, .sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1913 Mission. nr.lSth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 2C5 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; ntedles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 143 6th: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AM» WAREHOUSES.
pTE^C^R^D^^H^oTale^ind^^lnT^o'..
office. Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. S40 Mis-
sion st.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storge Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates..
A WEEK'S news for 5 Cents — The Weekly Call,
16 page.«. ln wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
TIIVSSES.
MANUFA'R; elastic stockings, shoulder braces,
supporters made, repaired. Menge. 503 Kearny.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
OCEANIC ST'EaTSsHIP CO^IPANY^Location
- of principal place of business, city and coun-
ty of San Francisco, sllate of California.
Notice is hereby given that at a meeting of
the board-of directors ol said company, held
on the 19th day of February. 1901, an assess-
ment of ten dollars ($10) per share was levied
upon the capital stock of the corporation, pay-
able immediately to the secretary at the ofllce
of said corporation. No. 327 Market st.. In the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California.
Any stock upon .which this ¦ assessment^shall
remain unpaid on the 23d day of March, 1901.
will be delinquent and- advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment Is made
before will be sold on Thursday, the 11th day
of April, 1901, to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. By order of the board of di-
rectors. E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary Oceanic Steamship Company.
Office of secretary. 327 Market St., in the city
i and county of San Francisco, State of Cal-
ifornia.
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE of the County Clerk, and ex-officio
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors, of th*
County of San Mateo. State of California.
NOTICE OF SALE OF FRANCHISE.
Public notice is hereby given that on the
ISth day of February. A. D. 1301, \V.. D. K.
GIBSON, as applicant, made to, and filed
with, the Board of Supervisors of the County
of San Mateo. State of California, a written
application for a franchise and privilege,
which said application was, and Is. in the
words and figures following, to-wit:
"To tho Honorable the Board of Supervisors
of the County of San Mateo. State of Cali-
fornia: . .
"Gentlemen: I hereby apply to your hon-
orable body for a franchise and privilege to
construct and operate a single or double
track, railroad, of standard gauge, for the
period of fifty years, with the privilege of
erecting and maintaining the necessary poles,
wires and appliances for an electric trolley
system, upon the following public highways
in the county of San Mateo. State of Cali-
fornia, to-wit:
i,"l. Over, upon and across the Mission
county road on a center line distant forty
feet, more or less, from Its intersection with
the westerly line of the rlsht of way of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company at Baden
crossln;. =
"2. Over, uoon and across that county
road at San Bruno known as San Bruno lane,
adjacant and parallel to the westerly line of
the right of way of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company.
"3. Over, upon -and across that county
road at San Bruno known as the San Bruno
road, adjacent and parallel to the westerly
line of the right of way of the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company. <
"4. ln the townslte known as the MlUbrae
J Villa Tract, along, over and upon that cer-
tain street known as Railroad avenue, which
lies adjacent to the westerly line of the
right ¦ of way of the- Southern Pacific Rall-
rosd Cgmiany, from the northerly boundary
line of said Millbrae Villa Tract to the south-
erly line thereof, with the necessary turn-
outs; and over, upon and across Bald •Mill-
brae avenue.' bet-ween Railroad avenue an-}
Hemlock avenue, to the southerly . line of
said avenue.
"5. Over, upen and across that county road
at Burllngame known as Burllngame avenue,
where San Mateo drive, if extended, would
Intersect said avenue.
"fi. Over, upon- and across that certain
road known as Peninsular avenue at its in-
tersection with that road In Howard's Bur-
Unsame townsite known as San Mateo drive.
.."Together with all necessary switches and
turnouts. c \ . . .
"I respectfully ask that your Honorable
Board advertise this application ln accord-
ance with the provisions of the act entitled,
'An act to amend an act entitled "An act
providing for the sale of railroad and other
franchises In municipalities,, and relative to
grautine of franchises." approved March 23.
1SU3. by amending section 1 of said act.' ap-
proved March 19. 1837.
"Dated Redwood City. California. Febru-
ary l?th. 1901. i
"W. D. K. GIBSON. Applicant."
And public notice Is hereby further given
thut on the said ISth day of February. 1941. l n
open session of the said Board of Supervirors,
the said application wes read and considered,
whereupon raid board voted, and 'by resolu-
tion duly adopted, determined and announced
that It proposed to grant said application,
franchise and privilege, and directed that the
fact that an apnlicatlon for such - franchise
and privilege had .been made to said board,
to_ct!*r with a statement that It was. and
Is, proposed by 6ald board to grant the same
• be advertised In The San Francisco Call, a
dally newspaper published ln the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
as provided by law and as directed by said
resolution.. *
And public notice Is h»r»by further g;venlhat
the character Of the franchise and privilege pro-
posed to be granted by said board Is to con-
struct and operate a. single or double track
railroad, of standard gauge, with the privi-
lege of erecting and maintaining: the neces-
sary poles, wires and appliances for an elec-
tric trolly, system, and the term ot Its con-
tinuance is fifty years, nnd the route to b»
traversed by said railroad Is over, upon and
across the roads, highways and streets men-
tioned In satd application.
And public notice Is hereby further given
that pursuant to law and the said resolution
of said board and as Urereby. and as therein
directed, the said Board of Supervisors pro-
pores to crant the said application, franchise
and privilege prayed for by sald^ applicant,
and that on" Monday, the first day of April,
A. D.; 1901, at the hour of 10 o'clock a. m..
at the chambers of said board, at the Court-
house ln Redwood City. In -the county of San
Mateo, State of California, bids or tenders
will be received by said board for such fran-
chise and privilege, and that said board will
then and there. In open session of said board,
read said bids and tenders and 'consider an-1
act thereon, and w»U - award s<i!d franchise
* and Drlvllpse to the. highest bidder, and ln
accordance with the act of the Legislature
mentioned In said -application.
By ord#r of said Board of Supervisors made
nnd dated this ISth day fit February. A. D.
' lCOl. - M. H. THOMPSON.
County -Clerk, and ex-ofDclo ClerK of the
Board of Supervisors, of said County of
San Mateo. RtHte of California. 3
By H. W. PCHABF.RG. Deputv Clerk.
(Seal of Board of Supervisors.)
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
cf San Francisco, Stato of California— In the
roattor of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
poration, upon Hi application for a Judgment
of "dls«olutlon. Notice.— No. 75.397. Dept. 10.
Notice is hereby given that" Honolulu Su^ar
Company, a corporation organized and exlst-
. ins under and by virtue of tho "laws of th»
SUteiof California, and having Its office and
place of business In the city and county of
San Fn»nclsco, State -of California! has filed
its application, duly Verified and signed. by a
'majority of Its board of -directors. a-lc!re8<se<i
to the'- Superior Court of the city and county
of Sari Franc!«co, Stct* of California, pray-
ing for a Judgment of dissolution of said
corporation: .and that Slonday, Mar_h 25th.
1901. at 10 o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of
said court. Department No. . 10, In- the -City
Hall of the city, and' county of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the day, time
and place for the hearing of said application.
In witness -whtteot I have hereunto '*et my
hand ' i nil affixed the official seal of said" Su-
perior Court, this 2nth day of February.- 1*01.
[Seal] .'- WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E.M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. (In-
dorsed'.) Filed Feb. 20*.. 1311. .W2t. A. DEAN-E
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk
IN the Superior Court "of the City and County
of 'San Francisco. State of California— In tfie
matter of -the estate of THOMAS M. CLUFF.
deceased.- Probate No. J2.S69. Department, 10.
Notice for publication of time appointed "of
hearing petition * for ni-nolntment ; of trustee.
¦ C. - C- P. : irft2.— Notice - is hereby given that
Friday, the Sth day <jf March, A. D. 1901, at
10 o'clock a. m. of that ''day and the. court-'
' room of Department No. 10 of said court, at
the New City Halt.. In the' City and County
of ; San . Francisco; State of California, have
been appointed ¦ as the time and- place for
hearing the petition of MARGARET V.
CLUFF for" the appointment of WILLIAM
CLUFF as --sole., trustee for ALFRED
THOMAS "CLUFF (a minor) under the las:
•will of said decease*!. - »_: -.,'. .
- WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By V. F.' NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
Indorsed: Filed Febtuary 25, 1501. TVM.- "A.
DEANE. Clerk; :by VY F. NORTHROP.
Deputy Clerk. ¦ ; .
- JOHN H.. DICKINSON, attorney for execu-
tors,' room 23.' third flcor. Mills buildlne.
rnoposAiiS.
TREASUrT
Architect. Washington, D. C. Feb. 21. 1901.—
Sealed propcsals will be received at this of-
fice until 3 o'clock p. m.. on the 29th day of
March. 1901, and then opened, for the con-
struction and completion Of a Cabin Pas-
! seriger. House at th- San Francisco Quaran-
tine Station. Angel Island, -California, in- ac-
. cordance with drawing arid specification,
copies of which may be had at the discretion
of the Supervising? Architect, by applying to
this office or to J. W. Roberts, superintendent
of construction, at the New Postofflce, San
Francisco. California. JAMES KNOX TAY-
LOR.. Supervising Architect.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
- Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. , - -. :.
MAERIAGE LlCSNSiSS.
The fcllowins marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Lewis A. Thatcher, W, city, and Edna M.
Rose, 24. city.
Adolph J. Schlagl. 2». 623 Sixth street, and
Delia P. Stucke, 21. 1013 Howard street.
John-F. C. . Koschnitzki. 28. 21CS Castro street,
and Marie von Ant. 21. 18V» Washington ave.
Austin K. Tichenor. 30. 1329 California street,
and Tlllie A. Pringle, 1\ Halfmoon Bay.
Charles T. Schwab. 37. 25 Joyce etrect. and
Rose M. Vlala. 23. 25 Joyce street.
Arthur C Palmer. 22. 299 Hyde street, and
Katharine R_ Pirottl, 20, 299 Hyde street.
John Smith. 3S, _U? Larkin street, and Anna
Staengel. 33. 1?19 Larklm street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices . sent by
mall will nnt be inserted. They must be handet!
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorred with the name and residence ef per-
sond authorized to have the same published.
BOE_r.;/;{ ;. ¦
FOERTSCH— In this city. February 17. 1901, to
the wife of H. J. Foertsch, a daughter. •
URQUHART— In this city. February 22. 1901.
to the wife of Edward Urquhart. a son.
MARBIED.
BERNSTEIN-GOLDBERG— In this city. Feb-
ruary 24. 1901. by the Rev. , Hyman Samuel-
son. Bernard Bemstetn of Hanford, Kings
County, and Gus*le Goldberg of San Fran-
cisco. - '
ISREAL— LEVENTHAL— In this city. Febru-
ary 2i. 190L by Rabbi Isidore- Myers, Samuel
I<;rea! and Addle Leventhal. both of San
Francisco. '-.
McGHEE— HENRY— In San Jose. February 21.
1S01, by the Rev. J. DInsmore. Robert James
McGhee of San Francisco and Ann Frances
. Henry of Mill Yallej-.
THATCHER— ROSE— In this city. February 2C.
1501, at the Howard-street Methodist Episco-
pal Church, by : the Rev. Dr. J6hn A- B.
Wilson. Lewis A. Thatcher and Edna Maude
Rose, both of San Francisco. . ¦ •
_______ „_
Ah Chee Kennelly, Der.nis
Baldock. Warren Kerwin. Catherine
Bonner. Elep.nor L. Keyes, O. H.
Brownlie, William G. Knobloch. Gretchen
Colcman. Eulalle Knop. August
Connolly. Simon McArthur. J. A.
Cosgrove. Jeannette McQuitty. Andrew
Deinaras. Camille Murrhy. Dennis
Doherty. Philip A. Murphy. James > . '
Dolan. James* W. Nelson. Franz O.
Ferguson, J. Dwlght Rumrill. Azro
"Flack. George D. I Ryan. George S.
Franke, Rosena ' Seekatz. Walter A.
Gorman. Michael Smith. Archie G.
Harris, Bell Sutherland. Mrs. B.
Harris, John Thomas, Mary S.
Johnson, Hannah Wiseman, Margaret
¦ Jones, John H. - Wooeter. Frederick
Kavaney, ThecdOre
AH CHEE— In the City and County Hospital.
February 26, 1801, Ah Chee, a native of
China, aered 43 years.
BALDOCK— In Stockton. February 22. 1901.
Warren Baldock, beloved husband of Frances
Baldock, and father of Mrs. G. Rupert. Mrs.
Keleor, Mollie, Xoah and Ivan B. Baldock.
Mrs. R. St. Heger and C. F. Baldock, a na-
tive of Kentucky, aged 67 years 4 months and
25 days. ;¦*¦¦•¦; .
l£y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery. Presidio.
BONNER— In this city, February 2«. 1301.
Eleanor L., beloved wife of Robert Bonn»r.
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. S. A. Earll of
Watsonvllle, mother of Earll H. and Herbert
D. Bonner. and sister of Mrs. F. Humphreys
and Slade A. Jr.. Albert G. and Carrie B.
Earil, a native of San Francisco, aged 30
years 5 months and 10 days.
ETTrlends are Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from 1009
Oak street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cem»tery.
BROWNLIE — In San Diego. February 24. 1301
William G.. beloved son of Jessie G. and
the late James Brownlie. and brother of Rob-
ert, James. John.. David and ¦ Alexander
Brownlie. a native" cf California, aged S7
years 1 month and 29 days.
E3"Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), from the residence of h«
mother. 207 Diamond street, between Nine- {
teenth and Twentieth. Interment Laurel Hill !
Cemetery.
COLEMAN— In this city. February 24. 1301,
Eulalle, lovlns wife of Wilfred L. Coleman,
youngest daughter of Mrs. Laura Eccleston.
and sister of Mrs. J. C. Haughy and Mrs.
C. E. Morse, • a native of Southport. Eng-
land. (SouthnOrt and Liverpool. England,
papers please copy.)
EXThe funeral will take place this day
(¦Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
• retiderce. 1840 Post street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. '•
CONNOLLY— In this city. February 26, 1901.
Simon, beloved son of James and Elizabeth
Connelly, and brother of William. James and
May Connolly. Mrs. J. Johnson and Mrs. A.
Hyman. a native of San Francisco, aged 21
years 2 months and 3 days.
(CyFriend.s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 973H Bryant street, thence to St.
• Joseph's Church, Tenth street, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at » o'clock. In-
terment In < family vault. Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
COSGROVE— In this city, February 2S. 1901.
Jeanr.ette Cosrrove, beloved sister of Mat-
thew Harris, a native cf Scotland, aged (3
years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her brother. 4Z2>._ Minna street, near Fifth.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DEMARAS— In -this city. February 22. 1901.
Camille Demaras. wife of the late Casemir
Demaras, a native of Lyons, France, aged 32
years, e :
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
<Wedne*day>. at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co.. 313 O'Farrell street.
DOHERTY-In El Caney, Cuba. April 1. 19C0.
. Philip A. Doherty. beloved brother of Sarah.
John. Thomas. William and Frank Doherty
and Mrs. F. J. Harrington, a native of Grass
Valley. Col., aped 39 year*.
C_rnemains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street.
DOLAN-In this city, February 25. 1501, James
William, beloved son of James and Bridget
-Dolan. and brother of John, Nellie. Joseph.
Frank and T£er»as Dolan. a native of San
Francl5co, aged 21 years and S months.
E_TFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 125 Thirteenth street, thence to- St.
Charles Borromen's Church, where a. imlemn
requiem mess will be- celebrated for the re-
po»«> of his roul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FERGUSON— In this city. February 26. 1301. J.
Dwlght Ferguson, a native of Knoxvllle.
Tenn.. aged 1* years and 7 months.
E_~Notlce cf funeral hereafter. -.
FLACK— In this city, February 24. 1SC1. Georg*
D.. beloved hnsband of S. M. Flack, and
father of William M. and Minnie M. Flack.
Mrs. J. R. Bernard and James M.. Mabel G..
Maud M. and Sadie E. Flack, a native of
Chelsea. England, aged 62 years 5 months
and 3 days. ; '
C_rFri« > nd»! and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from. Mission Ma-
sonic TemDle. K6S Mission street, under the
auenlces of Mission Lcdse No. 169. F. and
A. M. Interment Cypress- Lawn Cemetery,
' via Southern Pacific Company's train leav-
ing Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets at 3:30
o'elocTc; Kindly omit flo'versi ;
FRANKE— In Berkeley. February 23. 1301-'
Roseha Franke, a. native of Germany, aged
79 ;-eurs. .
HENRY <y. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to'Flannagan ft Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN.' Mer.
rCNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL.MEK3.
20 Fifth rt.. epposit* Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
o jnoAVOY _fc CO..
FUN'ERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1239 Market st_*- between Sth and 9th.
. ¦ . ; Telephone Sooth 247. ° ";¦
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
XI and 2» Fifth »_, TeL South U7.
IUSIEAL DIKECTOa? AIID E.MBALMSXI.
, Finest Equipment at Moderate -Rates.'
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Assoc ; atioa
SAN. FRANCISCO. CAL.
The charge for cremation to church members
and'members of organizations having presiding
ottittrs and secretAries and their families j«
$30. All others $35. Expensive coffins and or.
naments are seldom used. A niche In the Co-
lumbarian is a monument and saves the cost
of a lot abd Its .care and stone work. Send for
circular. - •'- --• .-. . .- -. .
GEORGE R. FLETqHER. Manager. •
GORMAN— In this city. February W. tKtt.
Michael Gorman, beloved father of Mary
Gorman and Mrs. William GUI. a native of
County Galway. - Ireland, aged TS years *
months and 4 days. (Boston. Mass.. papers
please copy.) -¦.».,.
ET'FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the J funeral Friday.
March 1. 1901. at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1015 Sacramento street, thence to St.
Mary's Church (Paultst). corner California
and Dupont streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock- In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HARRIS— In this city. February 25. 1901. Bell,
beloved wife of Edward Harris, daughter, of
the late J. J. and Bell Kelly, and sister Of
tho late Mrs. Edward Malley, a -native Of
Fan Francisco. Cal. .',¦". :
C Friends and acquaintances are respert-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day'
(Wednesday), at X o'clock, from her late rot-,
dence. 1S05A Folsom street, thence to St. '
Charles Church. Eighteenth and Sfcotwpll
streets, for services. Interment Mount Cal-'
vary Cemetery. , - ' ;
HARRIS— In this city. 1 February 23, 1901, John
Harris, a native of Ireland, ased 80 years.,
(T^Notlee of funeral hereafter. Remahi*
at the parlors of McAvoy &..CO., 1233 ifarket
street, between Elshth and Ninth. ¦. ' ;
JOHNSON— In this city. February 2S. - 1301. .
Hannah Johnson. belove<f mother of Elizabeth
Johnson, a native of Sweden, aged S2 years 6
months ar.d 8 days: ? . •„" .. ": ; 3 '
JONES— In San Benlto County. February 3.
1S01. John Henry Jones, dearly beloved father
of Mrs. Lillie Wood. Mrs. Kittle White. Mrs.
Alice Jennines cf San Mateo, Mrs. Be»»l»
O'Nell and Harry and Howard Jones. a*ed S3
years. (Massachusetts and Hcpland. Cat.,
papers please copy.)
KAVAXET- In this city. February 13, 19C1.
Theodore Leroy. infant son of Richard J. arid
Elizabeth Kavaney, a native of San Fran-
cisco. a_ed 20 days. ,- ¦ - - - : ,
KEXNELLT- In the City and County Hospl-
atl. Februarv 26.-1901. Dennis Kenneily. a
native of Ireland, aged 5? years. - '
KERWIN— In this city. February 23. 1301.
Catherine, beloved wife of Thomas Kerwtn.
and mother of Mrs. M. Johnson and Thomas
acl Ma«?!e Kerwin. a native of the parish
of Cloone. County Leitrim, Ireland, axed S»
years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are re«pect«
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 3:30 o'clock, from her- lata
r*s!<I»nce. « Ivy avenue, between Polk street
and Van Ness avenue, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, whre a requiem high mass will b«
celebrated for the repose of her soul, at M
o'clock. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
KEYES— In this city. February !3, 1901. O. H.
Keyes. brother r»f A. T. and D. W. Keyes.
and father-in-law of Mrs. Addle Keyes, a
native of New Hampshire, aged 74 years. ' .
CTFrt»-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral .to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence-. 607 Van Ness avenue.. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of the Veteran Vol-
' unteer Firemen's-, Association will please as-
semble at their hail. £4 Fourth street,' to-mor-
row (Thursday), at '1 o'clock sharp, to attend
the funeral of our lat« brother. O. H. Keyes.
By order STEPHEN BUNXER. Pres.
J. J. McMAHON. 6ec..
KNOBLOCH— In this city. February 23, 1301. at
the residence of her parents. 91 Brosnan
street, Gretchen. dearly beloved daughter of
Charles and Margarethe Knobloch. & native
of Los Anceles. Cal., aged 10 years 1 month,
and: 24 days. ¦-; : . . .
B_TThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from th» parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, interment . L , O-.
O. F. Cemetery. '.-;..-
KNOP— In this city, February 24. 1901, Au-
gust Knop. a native of Germany, aged S3
years 4 months and 57 days.
|_7Frfend<! and acquaintances are' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dlerks, 357 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ...
McARTHl'R — Drowned on board steamer City
of Rio de Janeiro. February 22. 1901. J. A.
McArthur. a native of England, ajsd ii
years. Served three years In the ¦ Eleventh
Ohio Battery- A member of George H.
Thomas Post No. 2.
McjCUITTT— In this city. February 23. 1M1.
Andrew, husband of Jane S. McQultty, and
father of Mrs. James F. McKay and Dr. Wil-
liam A. and Jennie McQuitty. a native of
Ballymena. County Antrim. Ireland, aged i2
years 4 months and 11 days.
ICTTuiwral services will be held this day
(Wedneeday). at 3 o'clock, at the First
United Presbyterian Church, corner Polk
street and Gclden Gate avenue. Interment
private. Masonic Cemetery. No flowers.
MURPHT— In this city. February 28. 1901. Den-
nis, beloved husband of Isabella Murphy.
and father of Daniel. Frank, Dennis G.,
Jwlia A.. Thomas C. John J.. Peter A. and
Jererh A. Murrhy. Mrs. William Marden and
the lata Elizabeth Murphy, a native of
County Cork. Ireland, aged 78 years.
MURPHY— In Sonoma. February 28. 190*.
James, beloved son of James and Rose Mur-
phy, and brother of Edward Murphy, a na-
tive of San Francisco, ased 24 years 10
menths and 5 days.
NELSON— In this city. February 23. 1WJ1. Franz
Oscar, beloved husband of Alma V. Nelson,
a native of Sweden, aged 42 years 11 months
and 11 days.
S_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday*, at 2 o'clock, f rom . 909 Market
street, under the auspices of the Swedish So-
ciety- Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
RUMRILL — In San Pablo. Centra Cost*
County. February 2S. 19C1. Axro Rumrill. be-
loved hnsband of Marie Rumriil. a native of
Vermont, aged .89 years 11 months- and 11
days. J •
RYAN-In this city. February 23. l9(tl. Geor»9
S.. beloved son of Ann and the late Charles
Ryan, and brother of John Ryan and Mrs.
M. Fleming, a native of San. Francisco, aged
34 years. , , - <, ,¦>
C_TFrien_3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from ,his lata
residence. 215 Harriet etreet. thence- to -St.
Rome's Church for services. Interment. Mount
Calvary Cemetery. "i.- »
SEEKATZ-In this city. February 55. J901.
Walter A. Seekatz (known as Walter A.
Sear?), a native of Iowa, aged 24 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances and members
of the- U. B. . Leather Workers or* Hone
Goods are respectfully invited to attend th»
funeral tc-mcrrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock,
from the parlors of A. W. Martin & Co., 31}
O' Farre!l stveet. Interment laurel Hill
Cemetery. ' ',, , . D "....*'*.
SMITH— In Oakland. February 2£ S 1301; : Archie
Good, beloved husband of Gertie, Smith, and
father of Archie H. and Charles B. "Smith.
a native of Richmond, Va.", J aged >3? years
10 months and: 2 days. o .¦»".-,•
C7Frierids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral . services
this day ( Wednesday), at 1 o'cloeir. at , his
late residsnee. ISO 'Grove street. Oakland,
under the auspices of Golden Gate Lodj-
No. 2CC7. G. If. O. of O.'F. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. - '••• *,.
SUTHERLAND— February 2. 1901. a r her home.
"Tormore." Caithness, Scotland. • Mrs. Ben-
jamin Sutherland, mother of the late Mrs.
Robert Gunn cf San Franclsoo. , and beloved
grandmother of Gertrude C. Jessie E., Ethel
H. and Helen Roberta Gunn. - - , ° '.
THOMAS— In Los Angeles. February 17.- 190V.
Mary Susan, widow of the lata 'Colonel
Charles "C. 'Thomas, mother ef Mrs. Annie
Bancroft and Francis J. and "Chester A.
Thomas, and sister of Mrs. Belle S. Rising.
Mrs. Julia E. Langton and Ca\vln. Walter
and Clarence Nutting, a native of Boston.
Mess. a. ¦» -, ¦ ;¦-.*¦-
WISEMAX— In this city. February Jo. 1901.
Margaret Mary Wiseman, dearly belared wife
of Thomas Wiseman, dearly beloved mother
of William E. 'Wiseman. Mrs. Mary Moo-
burg and Alfred E.. Herpert J. and Charles
H. Wiseman, *nn grandmother of Arthur E.
and William T. Wiseman, a native of Rose
Green. Casheet. County Tlrperary. Ireland,
aged 63 years and 8 months.. . -
C7Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her lata
residence. 1C21 Vermont street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, thence to
St. Peter's Church. Alabama street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth, where a scl-
emn reqnlem high mass will b« celebrated for
I the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery, by
carriage. ,
WOOSTER— In Nome City. Alaska. November
14. 1900. cf meumonla. Frederick I_. eldest
¦on cf the late John B. .Wooster. a native of
San Francisco, aged -S3 years. -
v/3 r p cts
For "every ro om
Tell us what room you want car-
petect — its size, coloring, lights,
uss, etc., and we'll tell you Che
best carpet to buy. s • •• .
= ==Not only tell you, but snow you
the very carpet your room should '
./have.- Show you a carpet that Is
swell In Its fancy pattern, „ beauti-
ful In its colors,, strong in Its rriak-*
ing, durable Inlts lasting qualities,
arid yet very modestly priced. 8 - -
Come in anytime-you 're always
welcome lo see our exclusive lines.
Sefaltteteg
2 1 Sw2 1 7 Sutt vc Street — above Keamy.day that it would also investigate the acts
of Pilot Jordan in a few days.
In response to the telegraphic request
of the Chamber of Commerce that a focr
whistle be, placed on Fort Point Senator
Perkins yesterday sent the following re
ply: "I am a member of the appropria
tion committee and will endeavor to-day
to secure appropriation for a fog signal
at Fort Point."
No More Bodies Cast Up.
No more bodies were recovered vester
day from the wreck of the Rio. Shortly
before sunset two ladles at the Cliff House
saw. a body on the Seai Rocks. Word was
telephoned to Catitaln Hodgson and the
lifeboat was quickly launched. By the time
the life-savers reached the Seal Rocks
the sun had gone dov/n and the body had
been carried out to s?a by the tide. Look
out Hyslop of the Merchants' Excnange
states that through his powerful marine
glass he could see that the body was that
of a woman with long black hair. A life 7
belt . was tied around tn» waist . of the
corpse. It is expected Ihat fishermen will
be able to recover the body to-day.
~A pathetic incident of the wreck was
disclosed yesterday by the postal authori
ties, who had discovered a letter in a sack
of newspaper mall. It had evidently been
written on board the steamer and was ad
dressed to Master R. Wildman. The letter
was as follows:
Monday, February 11, 1901..
Dear Bunnie: Will you come to tea this
afternoon at 4 o'clock. Yours lovingly.
¦ KATIE.
The letter was an evidence of the popu
larity of the little son of the late Consul
Wildman with the lady passengers of the
Rio.
The following dispatch was received last
nl^htr
SANTA ROSA. Feb. 26.-Grave fears are en
tertained here that Miss Maud Culver, daugh
ter . of J. W. Culver of this city, was amon*
those lost on the ill-fated steamshlD Rio de Ja
neiro. For several months past the young lady
lias been visiting- In Honolulu and Intended re
turning either on the Rio or the Coptic. The
latter has arrived, but brougjit no -word. Her
friends and relatives are naturally greatly ex-
Jrelsed. ¦- . . ..... -, .
-Miss Culvers name coes not appear in
the passenger list of the Rio de Janeiro
and Dr. O'Neill did not,, remember any
such name when he made out a list of the
passengers last Friday. ; It Is possible
that the young lady- purchased a purser's
ticket when the Rio sailed from Honolulu.
TO CELEBRATE THEIR ANNIVERS ART—
Invitations have been issued for the twenty
eeeond anniversary ball and celebration of the
Austrian' Military, and Benevolent Association,
which, will be held next Saturday evening at
California Hall. 620 Bush street. In the early
evening there will be a reception. The grand
march is wt.for S:45 o'clock.
V The old family Bible i$- a':good parlor
ornament.- >ur. ff« the -h'a-rdest;- thing in
the world to k<?ep i rfce f roih". dust. . - •
tress signals which came from the Rio
de Janeiro. > "¦
"When T heard those whistles." said
Sanford, "I went up on the ramparts, as
I knew that there was something wrong.
I could not see anything, but I could hear
cries and voices out of the fog. 1 thought
they might come from fishermen. We
discussed the matter at 6 o'clock when the
men had breakfast."
Private Bridgens spoke for a group of
his comrades, who stood around him.
".Now that you ask us we will tell you,"
he saidt "but we did not want to be
drawn into the matter, and that is why
we have kept quiet. Why, dozens of
men were awakened by the terri
ble racket out there. Even the
men at the rapid-fire battery, down on
Bakers Beach, have told us the sam<*
thing. We all heard a, long whistle just
before things quieted down." That long
whistle was sounded for almost a min
ute. Some of us thought, it was ,the
transport Indiana coming in. - W T e.*are
not sailors and do not know the meaning
of ¦ sea signals." • .'..':
Private Ott spoke for a number of. his
comrades and, told) how all of them were
awakened from slumber by the' sound of
the RIo's whistle, which ended one
long, wailing scream.
Captain Hodgson of the Fort Point life
paving station was also seen yesterday
afternoon, and he seemed to feel acutely
the comment which has been -raised by
the failure of the life-boat's crew 8 to
know of the disaster to the Rio until
hours after the occurence.
Captain Hodgson's Statement.
"I have told my men many times," said
Captain Hodgson, "that they did not
earn a- cent down here in the station
house. -Up at the lookout was the place
where they earned their salary and where
their honor was a,t stake. Ellingson' has
been in the service., for six years., and I
have always found him reliable. His
watch clock shows he stamped it by the
key every half hour c he was on duty.
We were all in. bed down here.: and if: we
had received an alarm we could have
been at the wreck in 'about: ten minutes.
We could have saved perhaps sixty or
seventy lives. We have no patrol on
Bakers Beach, but the Golden Gate sta
tion maintains a patrol of two men on
the ocean front. I don't think that the
Golden Gate station could have heard the
whistles of the Rio after she passed
Point- Lobos. We did. not • hear any
whistles down here. I wish we'had."
When Captain Hodgson -was : told yes
terday ¦ that scores of soldiers at Fort
Point barracks had testified that they
were awakened by the Rio's whistles he
exclaimed: "Good God! Is that so?" *
When asked if he thought that Look
out Ellingson had heard the whistles the
captain said : "From what he • tells \ me
he- heard some whistles, as there were
many ships at anchor outside. I must
confess that after what the soldiers have
stated Ellingson did not use proper Judg
ment." rj . - -. '
Elllngson could not be seen yesterday, as
he was absent from the station on leave.
Marking: the Wreck..
The wreck of the Rio"de Janeiro was
definitely located yesterday morning by
a party of Pacific Mail officials and div
ers on the tug Millen Griffith; Pilot Jor
dan ; accompanied "the searching^ party,
and, after the tug had cruised up and
down off Fort Point,, the wreck .was posi
tively placed. .The vessel lies withing 200
yardsiof the red buoy off Fort Point. The
depth of water over the rock Is eighteen
fathoms. The Pacific Mail Company, an
nounced .yesterday that no efforts will be
spared to search the wreck and recover
any bodies within 5 it., • Divers will make
an attempt to-day to- reach the Vessel."
• s Charles E. ' Wardi brother of „ Captain
Ward of the Rio'de .Janeiro, arrived In
this" city yesterday from Denver, 1 Colo.
Mr. Ward was accompanied by H IX
>tighels. editftr 'of the Carson ..City Appeal.
As soon as the gentlemen reached the ci f .y
1+icy proceeded at onre to the scene of
i ihe-wreck of the Rio. Mr. Ward/has come
; to San Francisco to tssist in the search
for his brother'-B body.? \ , ° .r. o.| s
*Thl6 morning Coroner Iceland wilJ begin
hjs investigation on th<? bodfes of the un
fortunate persons recovered from the Rlo's
wreck. A large"- number of witnesses; will
be called, including- thq : surviving officers
. and | members". Of the crew of the ; ship,
many of the passenger* and some ot thv»
Hfe-savlng men -and soldiers from the
Presidio. D ° >
To-morrow thetlocal Inspectors, of steam
vessels will begin" their Investigation as to
the:los!» of the steamship and place the
blnmq for. the disaster. -.-*-.' = ' ..
! -The Pilot Commission announced yester-
i BROTHER OF THE LATE CAPTAIN WARD OF THE SUNKEN RIO DE fl
i JANEIRO. TUG MILLEN GRIFFITH LOCATING THE RESTING
\ PLACE OF THE WRECKED STEAMSHIP. 0 ¦
®ICE call on'the telephone 'jjell^ and
the brief message, ';''Soine..irouble
: en .the; Fort ¦ Point j-ocks,"" mighx
have saved score? jpf lives at the
wreck of the' steamship Rio del
Janeiro last Friday' morning: »°°-" J - -"„" ;
On the fatal morn .vrhf n the Rio de o Ja°
neiro met destruction and many lives went
out the value of the Lfe-saving department
was rendered useless by the error of judg
ment of Lookout -Mark ,. Elllngs.on. who
was on duty at the^ Fort Point station.
The story published in The Call yester
day that the life-saving crews should have
heard the distress whistles of the Rio de
Janeiro caused/ considerable comment in
the city in all circles. !," f .- .
Major Blakeiyey, superintendent of the
Life-saving District „ of the. v Pacific
Cflait; . claims that not a : 'particle
of "b-lame could be attached to a single
man of the life-saving department and
that there is not an i;ta of evidence to
show that the Rio de Janeiro gave any
signals which might have led the lift
savers to think that there was a tragedy
in the deep being acted behind the dense
fog .of last Friday morning.
. < The dials; of the "watchman's tim<j
clocks" were produced by Major Blakeney
as evidence' tnat the lookouts at Fort
Point ¦ and Golden Oate stations were
awake at the time of the disaster:
¦;.... ' Lookout's Grievous Error.
,The very • evidence produced by Mr.
Blakeney in defense of the lookouts helps
to. prove that the lookout at Fort Point
was guilty ot" gross error and careless in
his duties.
The superintendent refused to accep*.
any testimony presented to him that tlu
Rio-de Janeiro sounded whistles of dis
tress which should have caused the look
ottt"to give an alarm and call out the life
boats. »¦ '¦ '..
' He stated that he would not believe tne
surviving officers of the wrecked ship even'
¦if. -they . testified to this fact before the
official- Investigators. ,, •
•/'The Rio never. sounded any distress
whistles;" said Mr. Blakeney, "and there
¦Is "nbt a particle of responsible evidence to
Bhdw that i-he gave any whistles outside
of ; the ordinary fog signals. If I want to
i set" any evidence a£ to whether the Rio
gave any distress whistles I would go out
.to 'the Presidio- and hear what the sol
diers .have to" say. I -refuse to be inter
"viewed on this matter. The Government
will hold an investigation to see if any of
the men of the life-saving department an?
to be blamed. I don't know who will con
duct : the investigation. I don't think I
will' do so, for I have not acted in thi
capacity of investigator , for £ome time on
account of my age. Some one will be de
taiLed by the authorities at Washington
to' make an inquiry."
Soldiers^ Testify.
The suggestion made. by Mr. Blakeney
that the soldiers at the Presidio should
be seen as to whether they heard distress
whistles from the Rio de Janeiro was
acted upon, with the astounding result
that scores of men in Fort Winfleld Scott
barracks at Fort Puint stated yesterday
that- the sound of the distress signals had
awakened them Friday morning.
A visit to the various rooms in the bar
racks disclosed the same information from
the soldiers— that all had been awakened
by the noise of -the Rio de Janeiro's whis
tles.
- Yet Mark Elllngson, the lookout of. tha
Fort Point Life-saving Station, who -was
on duty on the bluff above the barracks,
claims that he heard nothing out of the
ordinary that fatal morning and did not
know of the disaster lor hours afterward,
when a boatload of survivors came ashore
and then the lookout gave the warning
for the launching of the lifeboats.
; To the .'testimony of the soldiers .who
were roused from their slumbers by the
Rio de Janeiro's distress signals must be
added the positive evidence of Private
Taylor of the coast artillery, who was on
sentry "duty on the bluffs above the look
out station at the time the .Rio de Ja
neiro struck the rocks. The sentry stated
that after a long, strange whistle from the
.Rjq de°'Janeiro. .which ended in a gurgle.
he shcutferi twice toward the lookout- sta-~
tionf. "What is the, trouble «ut there?"
and his cries were
c°'Jp wasoit sentry duty last Frfday morn-
Ing., from °5 to- G/'-eaid Private Taylors
"When I got up at 5-1 -heard, the^whlstles
of -a. Htfcitmer coming in. They were regu-,
lar whistles, at regular intervals! J was
¦on duty. by the^big qunS, above the look
outftatlon. There was a heavy fog that
morning. It was just about" 5:30 that e -I
heard" one long, strange whistlqu , It did
not -sound naturaJ to It" kept up
strong' for quite -a long nlme and then
shut vtt suddenly, r vMth a. kind df a gur
gle." c *¦• . V- „ . "¦¦' ? - „ - * ¦
° °» c Death Cry of Rio. c ¦
" The°'whistle ehdins in "a r gufgle as de-'
scribfd by Private Taylor was the death
ery'of thf> Rio de Janeiro as she plunged
beneath the waters.^- . '-W'-X
Sergeant Marine of the Coast Artillery
Company 2S. stated yesterday that thc
sound of the Rio «Ie JSnetro's whlstle-i
awakened him fronr his sleep. He was
surrounded by a dozen men of his com
pany, when he made the ""statement and
every man acknowledged the same thing
Sergeant Sanford of the samd Company
was positive in his statements of the dis-
Stanford. University of course • win ; be
:afgeiy. benefited! : Mrs. .Stanford at ono
time estimated, that her otie-four.th Inter
est in the. corporation' would .not yield
more than four . mfflion ¦ dollar's, -but- th.^
iTi'dicatl.oTis .are -that the .UnlVersitr' will
petheariy twice'', that amount-, from this
source, ¦-••.• ¦•::' .-[ ° '..'/' '-..." •*•;.••• " '
The capital stock of the Pacific Im
provement Company consists of 100.000
shares. The Crocker estate owns 25,v>0
shares. Mrs. Stanford the same number
and the C. P. Huntington estate and the
Mark Hopkins estate 25.t*X> shares each.
It appears to 1^ urderstood among the
representatives of the four controlling in
terests that the existing balance of- power
shall not be disturbed by the sale of
stock, but that property .'shall, be = sold
from time to. time, whenever attractive
prices justify the sale. If • the- value
established • by the sale of the Oakland
ir.ropprt y ' is maimained all . along' t he ' line
each of- the fo-ur interests' tv-111, ultirnately
<Jerlve • e?sht ynlliicm " dollars from the.-.cor
yoratioh:. ; .- ; ..,'-. .,. ., • ';\. "'-•.'. .
The street car lines of the'Oakland RaH
way Company were acquired 'Uy the Pa
cific • Improvement Company: when ¦ the
Southern Pacific people bought James <J..
Fairs narrow gauge road flrpm Oakland"
via fcan Jose to Santa Cruz. 'The man
agers -of the: Southern Pacific 1 did not"
want The street railroads, 1 b.ut Fair de
clined to Fell the railroad line unless the
transaction embraced everything connects
ed with his system. The Pacific Improve
ment Company then. Intervened and took
the street car system. i •
•Tiie. Smith syndicate which .. has' ..-just
bought the Oakland ttallroad-. Company
property, endeavored to bring- about the
dear, before the death of ColUs 'P.Huntr
inglph: The sum of $30).<»J was offered
for the property, but Mr. Huntingrtott an-d
his -asKoclates ciecline'3 to acce-pf txiat sum.
In the recent transaction the -Pacific lm
provetr.cpt Company placed the figure at
J1^0d,-CJ0Q:and somewhat to the surprise of
the owners, the syndicate a;cCep.t#d- -the
terms. Doubtless thlti acceptance';.' was on
The advice <?f the Boston bankers'wbe hid.
studied the market with a view of. ascer
taining the price at which bqjids . would
be taken... ¦ = c -! v •.:.• 1'", • ¦ c
In the course of negotiations' George
Crocker and Qeaeral Hub bard -of New
York were consulted. Simultaneously rep
¦resentatlves of the Pacific Improvement
Company in San Francisco y- ere '.advised
cf the presrress of aifairs.' .-Views ' were
vexcJiangred by wire and Tjltimatelyall par
ties connected with the transaction agreed
,to the price. $1,500,000. The necessary sig
¦paxjana to the transfer were not obtained
Kptil day before yesterday. • •. : '.' : -. •
; .-K. H. Rollins Ac Co.. prominent ' bankers
qf Boston, will undertake the work of
bonding and financing the new system.
•¦Jt "is the purpose of the ¦.: Pacific lm
'prbvfment Company to gradually: wind up
itsailajrs by a. voluntary:. process of ltqut
dation. "Whenever good prices' repr*6gnt»
ir.$? the full value of holdings dre/offered
propositions to sell will be entertained., v '
The Pacific Iraproveinent.' Company has
sold for the. sumof $l,3*),pM nearly all of
its property in Oakland. The -.tale in
volves the \ !¦ transfer- pf all. .lines of the
Oakland Railroad . Company to the Oak
land TTiir.pit Corftpany and places the en
tire ownership of the : str6et car system of
Oakland in; the harm's.- of a' single ¦ eyndi
cate. The deal in i>ehalf of t be ¦¦ Pacific
I mprovenjent .Company • was managed by
William G. Henshaw of the Union Sav
ings bank. Oakland. .The negotiations In
behalf of the purchasing syndicate were
directed personally by. F...M.; Smith, Oak
land. ' ' ./. ; - -'¦¦.-.] y^y '.¦:-.¦ '<.'- ¦ \
Pacific Imprpyenieot-Com
pany Sel!siM|or
$1,500,000. : • K )
High Price Paift for
Oakland MM^k
i Gar Mfe^MH
CONSUMMATE
A BIG DEAL
IN RAILWAYS
SOLDIERS SAY THEY HEARD
RIO'S DISTRESS WHISTLES
¦The great clothing -assignee \sale wUl start
'and ( sell ' suits * for, men worth JlS^for only
$4.65; men's $3.50 pants tor, 90 cents," at tno
elothlngcassignee sale of ? the Boston, ¦ 775
Market street, near' Fourth." ° „ • .
To-Morrow Morning
Miss Emma Fortmanri ' and : Dr. W. ; E.
Stevens were married last evening at the
home of, the bride's.parents. Mr. and Mrs.
Henry F. Fortmann^ 1007 Gough street." Dr.
Qheringtpn of the Congregational church
performed ?the ceremony. The hrldc-was
attended byp her , sister," Miss Stella Fort
mann. who acted as maid of. honor. Henry
Stevens, brother of : the groom, was best
man. "After the ceremony there L was danc
lng. and at midnight a supper-was served
Seated at the<;bride's table were Mr. and
Mrs. Henry I Stevens. W. Adams Jr.. \ Mr*
and Mrs. H. F. Barbier. Miss Eva Herold.
Walter Rohlfs and' Miss Stella c?Fort
mann. '¦: Dr.: and Mrs.i Stevens 3 will go to
Southern California, for the bridal trip. .
Stevens-Fortmann Wedding.
For the third ; time within as many
years t the large hay barn owned by
Charles S. Healy and situated directly
opposite St. Luke's Hospital, on Valencia
street, was burned last night. The barn Is
situated dangerously near the hospital,
and for a time great fear was entertained
that the conflagration would spread to
that .institution.- •;
The fire department responded quickly,
however, and, as there was no wind to
carry- the blaze across the street, the
hospital escaped with a scorching.- When
a barn on the same premises was con
sumed a year ago. the heatc from the
blaze cracked windows In the hospital,
and. the patients' in some of the wards
had to be removed. . ~ ' - .
The destroyed barn was a large wooden
structure completely filled with hay. Its
value, which Is placed at $2500. is covered
by insurance. Frank Johnson of Truck
7,, while assisting in fighting the fire, was
painfully injured in the right hand by
an ax. which was^ being wielded by. one
of ¦¦ his J ' companions. * The { injury was
dressed at St. J Luke's Hospital and the
injured man' sent to his home. r
Institution Is Scorched Through, the
Burning of Large Hay Barn »
1 , * ; Situated Nearby.
ST. LTJKE'S HOSPITAL
IS ENDANGERED BY FIRE
The Police Commissioners at the meet-
Ing last night devoted much time to the
hearing of the case of M. Hassen, propri
etor of the "Social Club" rooms at TTl
Market street, where it was reDOrtea by
an officer who had played poker In the
place that a percentage game was being
conducted. Hansen declared that • sev
eral policemen were patrons of his poker
same, but refused to name the officers.
The board denied his application.
Policeman Dugan'was fined $100 for be
ing Intoxicated while on duty.
The Price matter was put over for one
week.
Says Policemen Play Poker.
DENVER. Feb. 26.— Mrs. Walter R. Din
more wasborn Miss Morgan in Independ
ence, iMo. Her family was well-to-do!
About fifteen years ago she married Nat
Vincent, clerk of the Criminal Court of
Jackson County, Mo. A few years later
Vincent secured a divorce. N. H. Cone,
manager of the mining Interests of D. H.
MoffRt and Eben Smith In Cripple Creek,
met her in Independence and married her.
The Cones had a residence in Denver at
1138 Downing avenue, although Mr. Cone's
business kept him from home much of the
time. A year and a half ago. Mr. Cone
died of pneumonia, leaving his widow- a
fortune of about $200,000.
Dinmore Is pretty badly "cut up" over
the sad experience of his honeymoon. He
lays? the. blame of the estrangement to
certain letters and telegrams his wife re
ceived during their stay at the ranch, and
declares that Jule Gamage, the brother
in-law of his former marriage, has influ
enced his new wife against him.
"Mclvor was my best man," said Din
more, "and he introduced Van Praag to
me. I presented them both to Mrs. Din
more, and we dined and lunched together.
On the- morning of the wedding, when I
went to Mrs. Cone's rooms to shov her
the published announcement of oui ap
proaching wedding I found both Mclvor
and Van Praag calling upon her. Van
Praag paid the lady marked attention at
the wedding breakfast and also during
our honeymoon. Although I -have been
unable to see Mrs. Dinmore at the hos
pital I know that both Van Praag and
Mclvor have been admitted."
A peculiar feature of the honeymoon,
according to Dinmore, is the fact that
Mclvor and Van Praag accompanied him
self and wife on their trip. They
remained on the ranch over-night, break
fasted with the bridal pair the next
morning and left-, in the afternoon to re
turn to this city. On the following Sun
day they went down again to see Dinmore
and his bride.
"We went d9w.11 to Linda «Vlsta. Mr. Mc»
Ivor's ranch, ." to spend the honeymoon.
Immediately upon our arrival Mrs. Din
more's attitude toward me changed.' She
was distant and formal. We remained at
Linda- Vista for one week. On the last
Sunday of our stay- there Mclvor and
Van Praag were there. "We were all out
riding. Mrs. Dinmore was on horseback.
Her horpe took fright upon the approach
of a train and ran away.- Mrs. Dinmore
was thrown, and the result was a nervous
shock and a ¦wrenched back. "We returned
to town on Monday. A doctor was called
in to. attend to Mrs. Dinmore, and on
Wednesday, acting upon his advice, she
went to the McNutt Hospital." *
0 "I can't explain it," he said last evenfng.
"Previous to our marriage I told Mrs.
Dinmore that I was a divorced man and
also explained, to her my stand-,
ing. ° 1 made no^attempt to hide anything
from her and she declared she was per*
fectly contented with me, my pastJlfe and
my financial position. On the morning, of
our wading one of the newspapers pub
lished an announcement, of our_ c approach
ig 5 marriage) and .went into the details of
my past life. tO °I O showed the article to
the lady who was about to become my
wife and;told her.Lf she regretted dhe step
she was about 1 to take It was stlll^ time o to
draw° 0 'back. ° i But no; she said she was
perfectly contented and 4 happy and we
were "married. -° O ,.°. ° = =¦ ¦ ° °
Dinmore was married to the lady who
now bears his name on February 12 in the
Palace Hotel. His bride was a widow, Mrs.
N. H, Cone. relict , of , a. Denver
mining man. Dinmore himself had had a
previous matrimonial experience that had
been rounded out In the divorce court
some years previous.
The wedding was celebrated at noon. .A
bridal breakfast followed and then f he
newly wedded couple left: for the Linda
Vista ranch, Mission San Jose. C. C. Mc
lvor was best man at the wedding and
Joseph Van Praag, a friend, of Mclvor's.
accompanied the bridal pair. On Monday,
last Mr. and Mrs. Dinmore returned to
town^and'took up their residence at the
Palace Hotel. S On Wednesday^ Mrs. Dln
more !decided that absolute rest and Quiet
were for the -shattered ° condi
tion of her t nerves and thereupon took a
room at the McNutt Hospital, where she
still remains. .„ „ 5 ' " " ,
'fcSince Mrs. Dinmore has been an- inmate
of the hospital; her husband has sought,
repeatedly to see her, but on each occa
sion," by order of the lady who- bears hia,
name, he has, been refused admittance.
The deserted o'husband professes to be
Ignorant of the causes that ' led : , to his
wife's desertion of him. »>*.« » • ° n .° .=°-
Mrs. Walter Dinmore, a bride of two
weeks, has grown weary of the man
whom she swore, -fourteen days ago, to
love and honor and obey, and has betaken
herself to the.McNutt Hospital, where
her husband knocks in vain at her door.
This same door 'that remains so tightly
closed when her lawfully wedded spouse
raps— according to this same spouse —
swings easily on its hinges when C. C.
Mclvor and Joseph Van Praag demand.ad
mittance. ' '• • a . ' l ' ¦" .'
He-Accuses Jule Gamage
of Having Estranged/
His Wife.
Mrs. Walter Dinmpre
Is Shunning Her;
BRIDE OF TWO
WEEKS LEAVES
HER HUSBAND
THE SA.y "FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 27^ 1901;
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JdLUlillCIo v
a Bottom^ vMna^;;^
Glasswarc^l
©DinnerScts
Toilet Sets
Aftware
Great American Imp ortina Tea Co.
CITY STORES^/
. • ; 410 Crar.t Arc. bst. Post and Suttet
• '¦ 861 Morl.--t St., opp. PoWei!.- = 5
t4OSixthSt.' 1419 Polk St. ° *'
112 Third «t. . 1819 Devisadero Si*
IA«M.tthSt. 2008 Fillmsre 8t.
r.OOfiS;»:eenlhSt. 521 Montgomery At.
?.'>!(? VUsbnSt. , 32S3 Mission. St.,
rOoLariinSt. 2732 24th St. °
Cf>5f!3>cs6». A75 Haifeht 8u\. °<=
"" . ¦ • G2 Market St. - "
•" : OAKLAND. STORES/- ; °
I Orin VVVshinHton St 1237 Broadway.
liS^'iardAve. • _O16 E. !2t* o c
f . -: ¦ 13IO Seventh St. .3 « - '° „
ALAMEDA— ISS5 Park St.' ': . I
6AN RA1-AHL-B St., near Fourth. ; '
VC Ot'.:er Jlrsnch Stores. „" ., " • °°°
/THE 1 ;':. °°U-
SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES
- IN" THH VAVLTS OF THE° r •*
CALIFORNIA SAFE: DEPOSIT
AfiD TRUST COMPANY";
ONLY COST 65.OO* PER YEAR
V- o -, f And toward J. c > * « o
V.UV THEN WORRY OVER THE PAFE
KEEPINCS OF Torn VALUABLES •
AND IMPORTANT PAPERS. ¦
Corner Gc!i!ornh anil .Vonlgcrasry Streets.
'Phone Howard 1021.
b| WbA Wkt «sK& b!
119 TAYLOR STREET.
CASH-SAVING CHANCES..
CHOC Fresh ranch: . ° *•, 10ft-
TTI v^ry best "60c varieties; Qi nn
I rfl 3 pounds......:.,. !.... -OliUU
1 un New. rich. frairrant. T,"" v
Money returned if not what you .want.
Two days only. ; , ¦ . -
QUEEN SIZE OLIVES 20c QUART.
ROLLED OATS SS£25C
BONELESS PIGS' FEET. TIN 10c
mirror Full cream; mild; OCa
briLLot "Wilsons." you know /nn
W" 1 - 1 - 01 * the quality: 2 Ibs...V... tUU
nilTTCD Fancy creamery; usuainn.
Kill lfcn » lze squares... ...r^./HR
UU I I *¦" point Reyes or Hum- 4 - 00
boldt; better grass, richer, butter. Sample
at store. Direct from-- Creamery; 5
squares limit. .• '¦' .;;:*¦„• .°
nDIIUCO Very best, French ;regr-nc«
PRUNES S t 25c
25-pound box 51.48. ;.tji
nDIIUCO Fancy Santa Clara.'s; OCri
r'nUNto ™ ™^;.. t^;/0C
PIMOLAS, BOTTLE 1 6C * \ ' : -
SAND SOAP" s?ssn^ 8 te ».:.25c
Uniiu **vni Cleans entire 4lUU
household; 6c° usual
uu "> Queen Lily Soap Company; cuu
box of 100 bars, ?2 90; one box limit.
VflDMI CT Corn w^hout hulls; HiV.
tract, with the digestible portion of the
corn. With each 6 tins a "White House
Cook Book," worth $2 50. Limit 6 tins; 6
for $1 00. s; , £ 'j. . , ,
OnU/nCD Pearllne. 1776 or Lava- nr."
rUWUtn rlne = 3t>ackages Jhfc
i »»»••'' Washlns powder ? f« u
makes work ea«y. ;?*.? V
Kindly report mistakes or" complaints to
r ¦ ¦ •¦ '....- -'¦•:¦ Manager. j , ¦¦ .• > '
§&jraj&if^~^ same shape
' 7f; ;'iA/i'T!"^HESa:';;' ;i
° JkOTABT.FCJLIJ AMi> ATTuarfif-Ai'-i,^
Floor, Room 1013. Claus SpreckelsBldi"
Telephone Brown 93U , : »,' •"
Residence. SI1 California St., below Powell
San Francisco. i-.~ - 6 %
gj We are v receiving daily large; f^W
shipments of New Goods, and \
Pwill show this week a splendid
assortment of? the following:
i NEW FRENCH EMBROIDERIES. >;
Oup New Importation of FRENCH EMBROIDERIES li^s
just ieen received. Theu are In Nainsook, Swiss
and Cambric We have all widths of Edgings, with
Insertlngs and allows to match— In all about- 75
DIFFERENT -STYLES. ; - '¦ :^O;./; V Q:
new white goods^ ; :^v" i::?e
WHITE CORDED PIQUES, Plain and FaiiCBp FANCY
DOTTED SWISS, FRENCH ORGANDIES, NOVELTY
WHITE FABRICS, FANCY TUCKINGS, .LAWNS,
BATISTE, LONG CLOTHS and NAINSOOKSVv:;;
NEW WASH FABRICS.
New Irish and Scotch Printed Dimities, Mercerized
French Printed Sateens and Foulards. Printed
Challles, Scotch Ginghams, English .Galatea's and
Genuine Japanese Wash Crepes.
NEW SILK WAISTS.
Ladles' Taffeta and Peau de Sole silk Waists; all the latest
shades and newest stules, $4.50 to $15 Bach
WHITE SKIRTS AND NIGHT DRESSES.
\ 75 Dozen ] Ladles' Fine White Sk-lrts and. Night .Dresses,
made or extra aualltu muslin, also camhplcf, trim-
med with fine embrolderu andUace^:^ ' //¦:¦•.
3 c » if „ ; $1.00 up to $5;0O Each
Our Special Sale of RN^ilA^^lH^p^^^i:
BeContinued AII^This TWeek.:;
III. 113. 115*117. 119, 121 POST STREETV ; p
ADVER'XISEllOSNTS.
I The Money-Saving 1
I Furniture and Carpet I
I \\ HOUSE. |
I SPECIAL DISCOUNT SALE I
1 For Only 9 Days More. 1
H TVe •wrlll continue to rive 20 per H
B cent discount for cash on Bedroom 13
¦ Suits and Chiffoniers, and in add!- u
{§ tion to these will give the same t|
D discount on 20 varieties of Foldtng D
g Beds and Ladies' Writing Desks 11
n Willow Rockers and Chairs.
H Our prices have always been D
B lower than other stores, yet If you fa
La buy for cash you can make 20 per El
a cent on these eood-i for the next fl
i nine days. - S3
U Ten per cent discount on, every- P
B . thingr else anyway. a
I SOME GOOD TmNGS TO BUY: 1
B' 3-p!ece Quartered Oak Bedroom
¦ Suit, regular price $42.00, t"} 0 }. 60
H now.V......... QOO
| _ nie£ant Chiffonier, highly poi_
Wished, regular price C1I.3O
¦ ', $26.50, now... ......... ......$21
M Ladies' Desk, regular r IH.SO
El * price $I6.OO, now.. vl^ p
I CASH OR CREDIT. :
I KRAGEfl FURNITUREGO., i
I 1015-1017 Market St., 1
3 Opposite Taylor. San Francisco, i
gg Telephone South 371. -*.,-;. L|
? t America Al^ad of the World la Electrical InTen- *
Mions! EreryBodr. knows this! Our new Body- *
?Battery. (IT. & Patent* is strictly an Ameriraa*
* invBntion-l'II V B«lf ot the Centur T . It wod^i *
L powerful, rerersible current throngh the hcm&n 1
wNKiy fr»m n,.,i t» n tnoi, cnruip Chronic and 2
? D^ases and AVeakr.f«« ot Slale or Kemale 2
t S2ii, b X MaRl( V . SojwsitiTe are we that no other 4
i uf i» \" 4H»t3mlS^ i *?. Pietoe-s," that we win ££l 4
i ™\L H . Ar * Jo» 3 comparison wtth any beiff
? now sold In America, "t^ejig is Ueiievmg.'' J
r '. 2TOTE..r-We neTer'.send VW» *>On Tr'al " th»T» 1
j fore in ordering -Dr. l>ierre ! »T no A* is ran of ?
URPIERCtS
;. '*',°l_-' *
1 BLOOD. B.BVER. 8X1 MGS.
2 DR.MGHULTY:
• H^niS WfcUrKNOffN AKDRRU.4 BLE OLD
5 ; l .Special htcwret Blood P<>ison.'<Jonorfhce».GIeeH
.s»nilna! Weatness. Impotenct" %nd their
alllpfj DWordfrn. c llool; on Diseases of Mei». free.
Ov^ra>renrnVxp»r i «Mice.T«»r.jrf > »r«a'»onab!e. Hour*.
9toSdail7;,e:.T)to.«.3b>yfr^.sund«ysi.ionvric.>n3iri-
tatloiifreeandsacredly.cdnOdentiaL Calf o»- aiidre:*
I P. RO»G6R:3ri"XL'LTY, 31. D.
gOj-; fe>.earny »tt^ Wan Francingfl.. C?»-
D I? T T CU f? C ron bauhers. bak-
OXiUOni-fW '"• bootblacks, bath-
- . o ;^^*-n .T^.bousesi;- billiard tables,
brewers,'". bookbinders. • candy-makers; canners. .
dyers, oflourmill3 b foundries.' i laundries, paper-
hangers,- rri,nters. painters.- shoe factories. »t*.
btemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eto.
-/.,/ BUCHANAN BROS.
Crush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St. .
i and the Jjify
n illustrate the difference. -
Bj l>c.twecn lard and
B jf^ PURELY VEGETABLE PRODUCT. B
Kg An\ma\ fat may carry disease with it and be H
a I unc ' can af id indigestible. H
.8 Wesson's Odorless: Cooking Oil is pure, 3
- « cwect and clean. It never becomes rancid. H '
fl It goes twice as far as lard or butter! H
9 V/esson's Salad, OH is far better value than B
fn c finwt, olive 'oil and has the same flavor. B
H Ask your friendly grocer for it. - H