ROOSEVELT SAVES HIS HUNTING
COMPANION FROM THE ATTACK
OF A COLORADO MOUNTAIN LION
VICE PRESIDENT-ELECT THEODORE ROOSEVELT. WHOSE QUICK EYE AND READY AIM SAVED DR. GER
ALD WEBB FROM THE CLAWS OF A MOUNTAIN- LION. ROOSEVELT SHOT THE BRUTE AS IT WAS
' CROUCHING TO SPRING UPON'! HIS COMPANION..
of a Steamer Plying on West
Biver, Near Canton.
TACOJuA. Jan. It— Oriental advices
state that an overcrowded steamship ply
ing on West River lost Jier rudder and
was carried by the current on the rocks
near Canton, sinking In a few minutes.
Of C00 passengers •• on board 160 : were
Crowned through being unable to reach
the deck and Jump overboard. Others
Jumped and were rescued by passing
boats.
Disaster Occurs by the Overcrowding
ONE HTTNDBED AND FIFTY
CHINESE DIE BY DBOWNING
bezzlement.' ¦ ... The ¦ ; warrant was Issued
upon application of a Baltimore company
which Is on Raines's bond for $10,000. He
was admitted to" ball in the sum of $10,000.
NASHVILLE. Tenn.. Jan. 13.— Walter S.
Ra'lney, circuit clerk of this : county, was
a rrested here to-day on a * charge of : em-
Charged With ; Embezzlement.
The general opinion expressed by ship
ping, experts and ship owners Is that the
Admiralty, was* exceedingly; wrong. In the
matter. They, agreed with Mr. Allen .that
large expense had been incurred through
the framheadedness of that- department,
exactly as expresses In his letter.
which : can * never ; be -attained 'or main
taineu after* the trial trip farce is over,
then the , British ¦ fleet Is : Indeed .in a de
plorable condition, andthe sooner,, the na
tion Is made aware of this fact. the better
for Us ultimate safety."
White must send JlOO^each year for five
years until the. fine ls:pnld. or be liable to
arrest and Imprisonment for ten years. •
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich., Jan. 13.-Gen
eraf William L>. White, ex-quartermaster
general of the State militia, who pleaded
guilty to defrauding the State of $40,000
In a military steal and who was pardoned
by ex-Governor Pingree on condition that
he pay a 13000 fine, departed, to-day for
Chicago. He has severed all business con
nections In Michigan, and after visiting
relatives in Chicago will "¦ leave for San
Francisco, never to return to Michigan.
He says he will engage In the general
commission business, handling drugs and
other supplies. ;
to the Coast.
State of Michigan Coming
Militia Officer Who Defrauded the
Mrs. Vanderbilt entertained a large
house party to-night. The chief event to
night was the elaborate dlnrter which was
given to a number of -prominent guests
by Mrs. Harry Payne Whitney.
This afternoon the entire wedding party
GENERAL' WHITE WILL
LIVE IN SAN FBANCISCO
NEWPORT. R. I.. Jan. 13.— With the ex
ceptlon of the decorations at the church
and at the house, the preparations for
the wedding of Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt
and Mis's Elsie French are practically
complete. Tho last of. the guests came
to-day, the principal arrivals being Wil
liam K. Vanderbilt, who came in a pri
vate car. and Senator Chauncy M. De
pew, who arrived by boat to-night. Mr.
Vanderbilt was met by his nephew at the
station and the party was at once driven
to The Breakers, . the residence of Cor
nelius Vanderbilt at Ochre Point.
"The trains proceeded for eighteen hours
and were again stuck in the snow, unable
to go either forward or backward. The
blizzard continued. Demoniacal fury and
pandemonium prevailed, the passengers
cursing the railway management, fainting
and weeping. ' The trains were buried and
all' passed a horrible night. When morn-
Ing camea peasant volunteered to walk
six miles to the nearest station with tele
grams beseeching ¦ assistance, supplies,
"Finally some 5000 passengers had as
sembled at Razdyelnaia. j A regiment was
sent from Kieff southward and 3oO0 troops
went northward from Odessa with shov
els. On the third day the relieving: party
succeeded In cutting a passage for a
couple of trains, which started with 2000
prisoners, after a mad rush, the weakest
going to the wall. ;---;j
plows, although these would have been
useless even if they could have been
found.
Startling Statements Made by Expert
in an Article on the
Subject.
- LONDON. Jan. 14.— The story of the
new royal yacht, which remains the
theme of much talk among yachting men
and ship deslgners.is the, subject of. a
long letter in the Pall Mair Gazette .'.writ
ten by ".William Allen. : an expert. He
enumerates the various failures and alter
ations which the' yacht has undergone and
says: . "Hence ' tne..' question naturally
arises, Are the battleships and cruisers of
the British navy stable?. With. the heel
lnp- over recently of her Majesty's ship
Resolution an ' object' lesson ! is provided
which ought to be. seriously., heeded.
With bunkers and tanks empty, can these
vessels, remain -upright?'
, "-"If stability is to be sacrificed"' to speed,"
' •¦•¦¦¦•. - - - • •-" ¦ • - •• ••
DOTJBTS IF ENGIiAND'S
NAVY IS SEAWOBTHY
LONDON. Jan. 14.— The Odessa corre
spondent of the Daily News wires that
120 people were frozen to death in the
blizzard in Southern Russia.
The Odessa correspondent of the Daily
Mall sends a heartrending story of the
sufferings of railway passengers snow
bound while on the way to Odessa. The
blizzard, he says, rased continually for ,
more than 100 hours over the whole ef
Southern Russia. He describes the grad
ual arrival of trains at Razdyelnaia with
hundreds of passengers from the north,
who had become entrained six days be
fore.
"They had been snowed in for five
dt-ys," he continues, "and fighting among
themselves for the scanty food supplies
provided at the railway buffets. "Women
and children were weeping with hunger,
while gangs of men battled with snow
drifts, which were thirty-five feet deep in
some places, and that, too, without snow-
NEW YORK, Jan^ 13.— Peter Hansen.
the Danish miner, who sold a mining
claim In the Klondike and recently passed
through San Francisco with the proceeds,
was to-day robbed of $10,000 by bunko men
under the Brooklyn bridge. He carried his
gold dust in a leather belt and some nug
gets in a satchel. -r He was clothed: In fur,
and his hair, bushy and long, singled him
out 'for an easy mark. , The bunko men,
after; several ' rounds of drinks, invited
Hansen to show his golden nuggets. ; They
said .they we're /going >to. Denmark- also,
and 'heVdeposUed^hlri 'gold in their 'strong
oak chest ¦ for safekeeping. : -
feat?*afc*»S(*BSff!B*iV ¦ ¦:¦• •¦¦¦.¦. :W.-.- •- ...
Keeping.
Peter Hansen Deposits $10,000 With
Two Bunko Men for Safe - , ;
KLONDIKE MINER IS
BOBBED OF HIS GOLD
firewood and water having been obtained.
"Finally, driven to desperation, sixty
passengers, with Count Kapnist. deter
mined to walk to Odessa. Count Kapnist,
with forty, reached a point where he was
able to obtain Pledges, and all arrived at
Odessa, though uncertain as to the fate
of those they had left behind.
"Meanwhile Governor -Schuvaloff had
organized train sledges with supplies,
which, after herculean efforts, relieved,
the two trains. It was found that many
of the passengers had their arms or legs
frozen.
"Eighteen thousand troops are- now en
gaged in the work of clearing the line.
The storm has abated, and It Is announced
that the besieged trains will get through
to Odessa this evening. No mails " have
been received here for six days. Corpses
have been kept unburied for eight days,
as it has been impossible to inter them.
The conduct of the railway authorities is
loudly condemned."
In the Jewish quarter It was repeatedly
asserted last night and to-day that the
panic was started with malicious Intent.
Hugo Oldstein, a cripple, has Informed
the police that a few minutes before th©
false cry of fire was raised a young man
accosted him at the foot of the stairs
leading to the hall and advised him to get
out of the way, saying there "would b«
something: doing In a xnlnuta."
CHICAGO. Jan. 13.— The four persons
who were reported mlsslny last night af
ter the panic In the Twelfth-street Turner
Hall. in which five persons were
trampled to death, were accounted for to
day. Though there were more than two
score of persons badly hurt. It is thought
now that none of them will die.
in Chicago "Was Created \^ith
Malicious Intent.
Report That the Panic at Turner Hall
MISSING PERSONS
NOW AOCOTTNTED IX>B
The choir boys will be In attendance,
but will sing only twice and will do no
marching:. At the conclusion of the cere
mony, which will probably not occupy
more than seven minutes, all of the
guests win be driven to the French resi
dence.
To-mprrow at noon the wedding will oc
cur, and although It takes place at one
of the highest Episcopal churches In the
city, th» programme of the ceremony, at
the request of Miss French, has been sim
plified as much as possible.
At the conclusion of the regular ser
vice to-night a large corps of decorators
from New York took possession of the
church and they will work until 9 o'clock
to-morrow morning.
visited St. John's Church and there a
short rehearsal was held.
Starving Passengers of Snow-Bound Trains F:ght With One
Another for Scanty Food Supplies.
SCORES OF PERSONS FREEZE DURI NG
THE BLIZZARD IN SOUTHERN RUSSIA
Modifies Peace Conditions.
SHANGHAI. Jar.. 13.— Liu Kun Yl. Vlce
rr-v ot Nankin, has formulated znodlfica-
PEKING. Jan. 12.— Japan strongly op
poses the transfer of negotiations to Eu
rope, on the ground that the presence of
LI Hung Chang and Prince Chin? are
necessary for the maintenance of order
here. \
By Stephen Bonsai.
Ep«»e*al Cablr to The Call and New York Her
eM. Copyright. 1S01. by the Henld Pub
lishing Company.
Transfer of Negotiations to Europe Is
Not Desired.
JAPAN STBONGLY OBJECTS.
So far as Chang Chih Tung is concerneJ.
tl e envoys who know him personally say
that, while he is strongly anti-foreign
ana has never made any cecret of his likes
and dislikes, they believe he would be
a satisfactory representative of the Chi
nese and there would not be any objec
tions to him on the score of his recent u'.
tcrancee. Ir.deed, some of the Ministers
believe it would be wise for China, to make
Char.g Chih Turg a plenipotentiary.
Most of the envoys have received word
from their Governments that the nego
tiations must be conducted In Peking, on
the ground that, for various reasons,
r-tner places suggested would be objec
tionable. :;¦;•-
The Russian* Eay they will formally
turn over the railroad to the Germans Im
mediately.
M. de Giers, the Russian Minister, ob-
Jertp to the British attitude in refusing t<>
permit the Russians to distribute rice and
wheat to destitute Chinese In the British
¦section. \
PEKING. Jan. 13.— The Joint note of the
powers has finally been signed by the
Chinese Peace Commissioners. Prince
Ching signed yesterday, and Li Huns
Chang, whose health is improved, signed
It t<-,-day.
It i« understood that the malady from
Tih'.ch Li Hung Chang Is suffering is
Bright? disease. He was feeling worse
yesterday and therefore postponed the af
fixing of his sismature, but Prince Ching
was hopeful that he would be able to sign
to-day, which proved to be the case.
Prince Chin* has protested to the court
against the appointment, said to be con
templated, of Viceroy Chang Chih Tung
as a plenipotentiary in the place of Li
Hung Chang. He believes th*> lattcr's a-3
v'^e absolutely essential, although he
deems it advisable to appoint a third
plenipotentiary from China and reiterates
his desire for the appointment of Sher.g.
who .would be acceptable to the foreign
ers.
Brings Invalids From China.
LONDON. Jan. 13. — The American hos
pital ship Maine has arrived at Southamp
ton with Invalids from China.
PEKING, Jan. 13.— Prince Chun's ap
pointment as Chinese envoy to Germany
to make apologies for the murder of
Baron von Ketteler has been approved. It
Is probable that Prince Su will accompany
him.
Prince Chun Selected.
French Force Said to Have Slain a
Thousand Chinese.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 13.— The Italian Con
tul at Shanghai, in explaining the pres
ence of Italian warships at San Mun Bay,
says that they went there for target prac
tice.
It is again reported here that the allies
are preparing to enter the province of
Sbansl. .' '. "
A French force Is reported to have de
feated a body of Boxers west of Paotlng-
Fu, killing: a thousand.
REPORTED DEFEAT OF BOXERS.
TACOMA, Jan. 13. — Oriental advices
state that the Chinese Viceroys of the
southern provinces are paying American,
English and French Indemnities for de
stroyed mission property. The French
have received $275,000 for the burning of
Catholic missions in the Canton prefec
ture. The claims are being paid with
money raised by special assessments on
rich gentry and the leasing of gambling
monopolies.
Mission Property.
B/sparation Made for Destruction of
CHINA PAYS INDEMNITIES.
tions of the peace conditions, including a
reduction of the indemnity, a reduction
of the strength of the foreign troops in
China and- the preservation of the right
to import arms and ammunition. There
are indications of a growing belief among
the Chinese that one or two of the pow
ers will support these modifications.
cided that Roosevelt should have this
Tionor. , :,.'..,....:
The position of the. animal made recon
noiterlns.necessary in^order to get a good
shot, and Dr. Webb walked around the
tree several times. ,, The lion was watch
ing for an - opportunity, ¦ and finally en
deavored to escape by making a long leap
for^the ground. It landed a few feet from
Dr.' Webb. Although he was ready to
shoot, he whs in a position where it would
have been Impossible for him to have
killed the anima'C even after a hand-to
hand struggle. , .:
Governor Roosevelt had been watching
the lion closely, and while it was crouched
ENVER, Jan. 13.— Vice President
elect Theodore , Roosevelt ¦ killed
his first lion late yesterday aft-*
ernoon, and his nerve and prompt
action probably saved Dr. Gerald
Webb of Colorado Sprinf s, who is with
the party, from serious injury.
The hunting party started from Meeker
yesterday morning and struck a trail
about four miles from the Keystone
ranch, -which is Roosevelt's headquarters.
Dogs followed the trail until the" lion was
finally cornered, when it took refuge in a
high tree. Governor Roosevelt insisted on
drawing lots for the first shot at the lion,
and Dr. Webb won, although it was de-
for another spring, this time intending to
attack Dr. -Webb, Roosevelt raised his
rifle and fired; ; . the bullet piercing the
brute's heart and killing it instantly.
It was a small lion but a good specimen,
and it was immediately skinned by the
guides with the party. The skin will be
tanned, and with the others which Gov
ernor Roosevelt hopes to obtain It will
make a large rug. The technical name
of what is known in the West as the
mountain lion is fells eolcolar. ( •
The hunting party rested at Keystone
ranch to-day, but will start early to-mor
row morning for a trip in an obscure part
of the mountains.
Special Dispatch to The' Call.
Inasrer, near Lindley. January 10. One.
who was a British subject, was flogged
and then shot. The other two burghers
were flogged bv Dewejjs order."
The brief report of the fate of three
members of the p°?.ce committee who
were sont to see General Dewet excites
the deepest indiEnatinn on all sides. One
or two papers express a hope that Lord
Kitchener has been misled by false re
ports, but it is felt generally that he
would not report the matter to the War
Office without undoubted evidence.
The Daily Mall heads the report with
the word "Murder." and declaims against
any further attempt to coax the enemy
into submission. •
"Dcwet has placed himself outside the
pale of humanity." says the Daily Mail,
"and not proclamations, but large rein
forcements, must be our watchword."
The Morning Post says: "This marks
the point where the guerrilla phase ends
aro" the bandit phase begins."
All the papers appeal strongly to the
Government t" hurry forward reinfo-ce
ments. since it la evident that the Boer
leaders have now become desperate and
conciliation is quite useless.
The Pretoria correspondent of the Daily
Mail announces the return to Pretoria of
Mr. Pectorius, a former President of the
late South African republic, from a futile
endeavor to persuade the Boer-leaders to
surrender.
Details of the attacks upon Kaalfontein
and Zmirfontein stations show that there
were only small garrisons of about 120
men at each station. The British had ex
cellent trenches, which enabled them to
withstand the attacks until the Boers,
having ascertained that reinforcements
were coming to the garrisons, retired. At
Zuurfontein a party of Boers in khaki
suits succeeded in capturing a British pa
trol of eJght men. whom they subsequent
ly liberated. The railway and telegraph
lines will be speedily restored.
No further n»vrs ha- been_ received re
garding the invasion of Cape Colony.
Sir Alfred Milner writes to a corre
spondent in England, saying: "It would
b* useless for me to notice the wholesale
lies that are spread about concerning me.
If I attempted to do so I would not have
time for anvthine else."
Drives Off a Boer Commando Under
Bayer After an Engagement
Lasting Six Hours. ;;,¦•;
BRITISH GARRISON
REPELS AN ATTACK
UPON KAALFONTEIN
Kitchener Reports the Shooting of a
Captured British Agent of the
Peace Commissioners.
Prince Ching Objects to the Proposed Retir
ing of Li Hung Chang.
CHINESE COMISSIONERS
SIGN THE JOINT NOTE
PRETORIA. Jan. 13. — A commando, one j
thousand strong, under Bayer, at t sicked j
Kaaifor.tein at 7 o'clock this morning. Tho j
frarrison. numbering^- 115 men, ineptly j
Cheshire Mounted Infantry. made a !
plucky and scientific defense. Lieutenant
William Frrrman wma in command. The
British sustained « six boor*' bombard-j
mem from two guns and a M;ixim rapid
fire pun. and reptil^ed the <1<n< rmined on-
Flaupht by Boer riflemen without sustain
ing' a casualty.
The Boers lost heavily. They crept in
the long grass to within forty yards of j
the British trencher, hut were driven hack ¦
by the accurate arc? heavy riflp fire of the
defenders. Numbers of Boors were seen
to fa!! and were carried to a farmhouse
later.
After the attack was repulsed. General ;
Knox. with the Fceond Cavalry, arrived j
In time to head off the Boers from the
BOOtheast, ha v.hich direction they were
retreating, and drove them to the north
fast, toward Typerpoort. where they may
fall irt" th« hands of British mounted 5n
f Tntrj".
Early this morning SO-"* Boers attacked
Zuurfontein, hut were driven off and j
jnin^d those attacking' Kaalfontein. Col
onel Koclieford arrived at Kaalfontein
an armored train from Pretoria in
time to see the Boers in full retreat.
To-day three traction engines brought in
loads of Boer women and children from
the Rustenbunr district.
Later details of the Belfast fight show
that 700 Boers rushed a position defended
by «:\ty of the Royal Irish Regiment. The
tetter fought with bayonets until only
twenty were left alive. Eventually the
Boers were driven from their positions by
the British main garrison, the Gordon
Highlanders and others.
LONDON. Jan. 14.— The War Office last
night received the following dispatch from
Lord Kitchener:
"PRETORIA. Jan. 13.— About J*W Boers
rroFfert th^ line, attacking both Zuurfon
tr-in and Kaalfontein stations, but were
firlver rtii. They ere being pursued by a ]
cavalry brigade."
Lord Kitchener reports also several
sk:rm:<=h<*s at different points, with trifling
I"r::iFh losses, and adds:
"Three agents of the peace commission
ers were taken as prisoners to Dewet's
Fpedal Dispatch to The CalL
steward entered and was treated to a re
markable sight. The occupants w«r» en
deshabille, more than half undressed, and
Johnson was in a similar condition. The
man had a big »pongre with which,
he was mopping up the water on the floor.
It seemed they had been preparing to take
a bath and that in some way or other
they had allowed the magnificent bath
reservoir to overflow.
Rev. Mr. Johnson then told an officer
that he was not infatuated with the sleep
ing accommodations In his suite. The
beds In" both rooms, the bath being be
tween the two rooms, were Intended for
one sleeper each. What Mr. Johnson
wanted was a comfortable doubl* bed. and
he asked if this could not be arranged. A
bed for two was rigged up by bringing 1
In settees and cushions from unoccupied
staterooms and with these they con
structed what the sailors called " a four
legjjed bedstead."
One Sunday was passed at sea. Rev.
Mr. Johnson took a prominent seat In the
congregation while religious observance
was held.
Regarded as Actors.
The Tunisian's officers say that the
theory generally accepted on board re
garding the bride and groom was that
they were actors, recently married, who
were "blowing In" a large part of their
saving3. Their conduct was very snowy
from first to last. Especially conspicuous
war. Miss Hoffman. She appeared at din
ner in the extreme of evening dress. One
of the officers spoke to me particularly
of Miss Hoffman's handsome arms, which,
except for thin, muslin-like material, he
raid, were generally bare close up. to her
shoulders. She would, when the bugle
sounded for dinner, sometimes come out
of the stateroom ahead of Mr. Johnson
attired in ultra-fashionable evening dress.
I fotmd no one on the Tunisian who
r had received from them any hint of what
i their movements would be after reaching
iLoverpool. or what the future 'had in
store for them. The steward found the
couple good passengers to wait upon. One
of them told me that they were exceed
ingly exacting in their demands: what
ever was asked for had to be done ex
actly as ordered, or there was sure to
be trouble. Wine In liberal quantities was
served to them at every meal, and the
baker soon found that there were at least
two epicures on board— they were the lov
ing couple from Louisville, Ky. .*'..•
"They treated me all right." said the
steward, who was assigned especially to
wait upon the pair.
"Dearie" was a frequent term they used
in addressing one another. The steward
says:
"I liked them, for, though they made me
stand around and demanded and rot the
very best that was going, they were not
stingy. For one thing I got the tip of $1!>.
When they left the ship at Liverpool, and
I know of two others in our department
who also got $10 each at the end of the
voyage. A number of boys got from them
tips, and the lady gave the stewardess
PREPARATIONS COMPLETE
FOR VANDERBILT WEDDING
At Request Bride-to-Be the Ceremony Will
oe oimp e 3.s i ossiuie.
One of the ship's officers said to The
Call correspondent that before the steam
ship was 500 yards from the wharf where
she had been moored one of the stewards
saw water dripping from under one of
the doors of their suite of -rooms. He
knocked and asked what the matter was.
Johnson told him to come in and the
HALIFAX N. S., Jan. 13.— The Allar
Line steamer Tunisian arrived here from
Liverpool ai 4 p. m. The Call's represen
tative met her officers at the dock, the re
sult of his Interview with them establish
ing beyond doubt the fact that two of the
Tunisian's passengers on her last outward
bound trip were Rev. James Le Baron
John?on of New York and Miss Mary
Hoffman, the beautiful San Francisco
girl.
• The fact that/they journeyed under the
names of L. F. Montgomery of Louis
ville. Ky.. and Mrs. Montgomery, did not
at all detract from their enjoyment of
the trip, for Captain Vipont, who com
manded the steamer, nor any of his offi
cers or passengers -new that it was an
eloping couple. They were known famil
iarly and spoken of as the "bride and
groom."
There are only two bridal suites of
rooms on the' Tunisian and Rev. Mr. John
son and Miss Hoffman had. one of them.
They paid for the luxury of occupying this
bridal suite the sum of JSOO.
Captain Vipont and the purser were or
dered by Johnson to fit up the bridal
suite in any way required by distinguished
passengers. These orders were carried
out to the letter and the whole resources
of the Tunisian v.rre at the disposal of
gay Mr. anrf Mrs. Montgomery.
No Doubt as to Identity.
It is certain that "Mr. and Mrs. L- F.
Montgomery of Louisville] Ky.." were
Rev. James lse Baron Johnson and Miss
Mary Hoffman. Half a dozen of the
sh-p's officers who had been in constant
contact w'.th them declared, without the
slightest hesitation and with the utmost
confidence when shown the photographs
published in The'Call:
"Oh, yes. that's the bride. and groom,
Mr. and Mrs. Montgomery, who occupied
the bridal suite on the saloon deck.' 1
The . train that brought Johnson and
"the-"bride\* to Halifax arrived, here about
10 o'clock in the forenoon and the ateamer
sailed at once. Their baggage was ad
dressed "L. F. Montgomery, Halifax."
The steamer's name, for some reason, was
not included In the address on the. trunks.
This caused Johnson a lot of trouble, for
the baggage was pitched off at the pas
singer station and was not carried down
by the train to the steamer's side. He
was afraid It was lost. A hue and cry,
were raised and special messengers were
sent back to hunt it up. They found it
all right, however, and a. full hour before
the Tunisian sailed it was safely on board
and so were the bride and groom. They
did no sightseeing about town, but at
once betook themselves to their state
rooms.
A Bathtub Episode.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Conduct of the Pair While En Route to
Liverpool Gives Passengers Much
Cause for Gossip.
Officers of the Allan Liner Tunisian
Positive as to the Identity of
the Young Elopers.
JOHNSON AND MARY
HOFFMAN TRAVEL AS
BRIDE AND GROOM
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 45.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY; JANUARY 14, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Vice President-Elect Puts aBullet Through the Heart of the
Enraged Beast as It^Is Grouching to Springs Upon
The San Francisco CallSUNDAY DIVERSIONS OF THE STATESMEN AT .SACRAMENTO.-
be one of the Finance Committee, and he
is wondering why he was not-placed there.
Senator Welch asked to be put upon the
Education Committee, but his wish was
disregarded. There were, a few other
such lost hopes In both upper and lower
house, but that was all. There were
many who would. If they could find lis
teners, show how the assignments could
have been made in much better manner,
but there has been no general complaint.
The minorities in both houses are small,
but solid. Each has been assigned a
stenographer of Democratic principles, as
a matter of courtesy. • and in other waya
they are belns given the treatment of a
younger brother, but they have deter
mined to hold together and vote as a
unit, even though an insignificant one.
The Senate minority voted for the Re
publican officers In the organization of
tho Senate, because, In the language of
one of them, It would have been ridicul
ous to caucus on the matter. Neverthe
less, it was believed that Curtin would
get the complimentary vote for president
pro tern., but somehow the programme
did not- go through. It will not happen,
again. .
ABUNDANCE
OF ATTACHES
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 13.— It is something unusual
COURSE OF
MINORITIES
Frank Schumacher, when seen to-night,
was not inclined to be very communicative
about the affair. He was searching zeal
ously among his papers for the letter
when called upon, but failed to find It.
He said be received such a letter from
Gaskill about three months ago, in which
ho was Informed that his exhibit had been
awarded a sliver medal, and that a certifi
cate would be issued to him. If he desired
the medal, however., he must forward $20,
which, as he thought that the certificate
would answer all purposes, he did not
send. Ho showed the letter to Secretary
Wiggins of the Chamber of Commerce, but
denied last night having left it in that
gentleman's hands.
"I didn't answer the tetter and haven't
heard" from Gaskill since." said Mr. Schu
macher to-night. "I don't like to say any
thing about it. because I dislike becoming
deeper involved in the matter and its at
tendant publicity. I haven't received the
cortincate^-et, nor have I had my pictures,
which I value at about $300, returned. But
I suppose it is too soon to expect them."
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan.' 13.— Contrary • to report,
there has, not been much objection to the
committee appointments In either Senate
or Assembly. Senator Wolfe wanted to
United States Coal In Brazil.
Minister Bryan sends from Petropolls
translation of a letter from Dr. Alrides
Medrede, a prominent citizen of Mlnas-
Geraesi. In which be refers to a. conversa
tion with State officials as to the advisa
bility of importing United States coal for
the establishments under the control of
the Ministries of Industry and the Navy.
The Ministers, says Dr. Alcides, showed
themselves Interested. In the matter,, and
will make tbe arnerlment . ¦
engineer; the only * victim.
Names of the Passengers Injured in
.. the "Wreck at Clifton;
ASTORIA; Or.V, Jan. . 13.— The , disaster
on the "Astoria and Columbia River Rail
road ; last night, when a passenger train
ran : into a' landslide near .Clifton, the en
gine being • derailed "and rolled Into the
river;., resulted In the ; death of Engineer
William Scott. f The engineer remained on
the locomotive and was killed,- His. body
has. not 'been recovered and It is supposed
to be under the engine In the river. .Fire
man James , Davis was . also • thrown Into
the* river, but was rescued." He Is ¦ non In
Important Changes.
Spain has changed Its methods of reck
oning, time, and beginning with January
1, 1901, the hours of the day will be num
bered from one to twenty-four instead of
the system now In use. The twenty-four
hour, system was adopted several years
ago on the western division of the Cana
dian Pacific Railway.
Russia has adopted the Gregorian cal
endar. This was done by omitting thir
teen days, the amount of the error that
will have accumulated after the close of
February." 1901. The Russians wrote Jan
uary 1, 1901, Instead of December 19, 1900.
Candy Rations.
•Fifty tons of candy have been sent to
the soldiers In the Philippine Islands by
the Commissary Department of the army
during the last three months and large
amounts to the soldiers In Cuba and Porto
Rico.
This Is done upon advice of the medical
officers of the army, because it Is a physi
ological fact that a moderate consumption
of confectionery promotes health and
satisfies a natural craving of the stomach.
Candy was never, furnished, to tha
Lnlted States army before, although it
has been commonly used as a ration by
the French and British troops In tl-.o
tropics.— SL Louis Post-Dispatch.
Spectal Dispatch to' The Call.
TACOMA, Jan. 13.— News reached Taco^
ma to-day that two masked men held lip
the saloon of Joseph Ryes at Wflkeson
and robbed the barkeeper and seven men
who were drinking there shortly after
midnight Saturday night. ..They ".secured
1120, besides an assortment of .gold
watches, rings and ' other small Jewelry.
The Job was executed so quickly and
neatly that the participants scarcely re
alized what had happened until their cash
had vanished together with the highway
men.
It was evident that the robbers were old
hands at the business. Though wearing
masks and brandishing revolvers they en
tered the saloon unconcernedly and gav«»
their orders quietly. Two of the men at
the bar started to yell when the robbers
entered, but quickly desisted when both
robbers turned their guns upward and be
gan perforating the ceiling. The bartender
and seven .customers .were then told to
line up In a row and hold up their hands
They complied without a protes..' Ths
robbers consisted of the proverbial long
and short man. . The lonjr man ¦>• took
hie position at one *nd of the row, keep
ing his gun leveled at the heads of th<j
victims. The short man proceeded to
open the till, from which $120 was taken.
He helped himself to a drink of "whisky
and then went around and searched the
bartender and customers. '. : .
Watches and rings and about US In cash
were taken. The safe behind the bar con
tained several hundred dollars, but it was
locked and no attempt was made to open
it.: By this time ten minutes had been
consumed and the robbers looked toward
the door as If expecting newcomers. They
swiftly took their departure and one of
the spectators was 3till holding up his
hands when two men entered a few.mln
utes later. H > iM* t l!T?V*^
No trace of the robbers has been < found.
Several persons on the. outside heard 5 tho
shots but paid on attention to them, as
Wilkeson Is a local mining town and thv?
firing of revolvers is : a, frequent occur
rence. „ r : . •
Compel Bartender and Patrons to
Give Up Their Coin and Other
Valuables and Then
Escape.
TWO MASKED MEN
RAID A SALOON
Special P!.=ratch > U. The : Call.
SALEM, Or., Jan. 13.— The twenty-first
biennial session of the Oregon Legislature
will convene tOi-morrow. •:; So. far. as can be
learned to-night the Republicans will go
into caucus'' early '-'to-morrow., to- choose
i^arty. candidates for President of the Sen
ate'ahd Speakerof the House. Fulton of
Clatsop andi-iowe of Yamhill are the can
didates for President of the Senate, with
the former* presumably In the lead. For
the Speakershlp Smith • of- "Marion and
Teeder of Umatilla are the chief contest
ants, with indications pointing toward
Reeder as the suocessful candidate. It is
generally believed that both houses will
organize, without delay and the Gov
ernor's message will be received Tuesday.
While the organization is the paramount
issue to-night, the ¦ eloctlon' of a United
States 8enator to succeed Senator Mc-
Brlde will be tho problem of the session.
Those opposed to the elect-on • of ex-Ben
aior- H.. W. Corbett are ; centering their
efforts on preventing a caucus, and the
fight will probably continue on this line.-.
/Senator McBride arrived in Salem this
evening, and has opened headquarters. Mr.
Corbettnis expected here to-morrow.
The -Parrot Is Xoyal. '
The Prince of Walesls very fond of ani
mals. Among the large collection of pets
at Sandrlngham is a little, green parrot
which talks splendidly: he is ' located in
the hall and to every visitor calls out:> •
"Now then, hip, hip, hurrah for the
Queen." • '• .'.-"'•
His 'Royal : Highness^ became possessed
of the bird In a peculiar. way, having per
sonally bought it of a small boy In Tra
falgar Square while* crossing It with hia
equerry, one day.. .• • : ; . ,
Hot Contest Between Opposing Fac-
tions Is Expected at the Com
'¦¦'. ing Session of Oregon
Legislature.
CHOICE OF SENATOR
TO SUCCEED McBRIDE
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 13.— An Ellens
burg special to the Ledger says that the
westbound Northern Pacific overland was
wrecked at 7:30 this morning one and a
half miles west of Selah. The train, was
proceeding carefully and was on a slough
bridge 100 feet long. Engineer Balrd felt
the bridge sinking and threw the throttle
wide open. " . •
The engine passed over, but the tender
went down eighteen feet. All the coaches
with the exception of the last sleeper
were derailed and the bodies detached
from the trucks. The dining car was
broken into two pieces. A few of -the
passengers received slight cuts but no one
was seriously injured. Fortunately the
wreck occurred on a flat piece of country
and a straight line of track. - .
The injured are: Hugh P. Hall, knee
bruised and leg sprained; F. D. Burge,
San Francisco, leg bruised; Drabilla End
rine, Budapest, arm bruised; P. McEl
well, mail clerk, elbow dislocated; G. W.
Turner, Seattle, colored porter, knee cap
smashed. <gjfe"«ggWEgSfi'liiilWilifi"
The track was torn- up for 300 *feet and
a loosened ¦ rail passed through the floor
and roof of a chair car, which was full of
people, but struck no one. I The berths of
the immigrant sleeper : were all oocupled
when the shock came. Harry Colder of
Tacoma, who "occupied one, said: . ¦
"When the crash came I jumped out and
reached for my clothes, but they ¦ were
gone and the berth with- them."
Every berth was filled ; with wreckage.
Railroad men declare that the" escape of
the passengers practically unlnjure* Is
miraculous. • ;¦ ; •¦ ' - •
Engineer Feels Bridge Sinking Under
Him and Throws TJhxottle
Wide Open, Hoping
to Save the Train.
NORTHEBN PACIFIC
OYERLAND IS WRECKED
during a fierce gule. There were only two
tons of coal left in her bunkers, not
enough to keep steam for more than two
or three hours, when she dropped anchor
just Inside the bar. Shr. had to be towed
to the coal dock to-day to obtain coal to
enable her to proceed to Portland.
SAXLOB EUNS AMUCK. 11
Attacks Captain and Cook With a
Knife and Ends His Life.
SANTA BARBARA. Jan. IS.— Th*
schooner Kate and Ann, Captain Walker,
arrived from Santa Rosalia. She reports
that Mike O'Brien, a sailor, ran amuck
aboard the vessel Saturday moraine. Ha
made a vicious attempt to kill -Captain
Walker with a knife and succeeded In
cutting the cook badly In the region of
the h*-art, the wound probably being fatat.
He then cut his own throat, dying on th*
deck. He slashed his Ihroat until his head
was nearly severed from the body.
The schooner arrived here at 6 o'clock
this evening for medical aid for the cook
and captain and to deliver the body of
O'Brien to the morcue.
BUSSELL SAGE'S MAXIMS.
Moral Tips.
Wise Old Han of Wall Street Drops
Out of every dollar earned save 25 cents.
Save 75 cents if you can, but never less,
than 25. - . -~
Get up at a regular hour every morning
and work until the things that are before
you are finished. Don't drop what you
have In hand before It Is 5 o'clock.
Be honest; always have the courage to
tell the truth. . / ¦¦>
Don't der>end on others. Even if , you
have a rich father, strike out for your-
Eelf.
Cultivate Independence at the very out
set. .
Learn the value of money. Realize that
it stands, when honestly made, as the
monument to your value as a citizen.
Be Joalous of your civic rights. Take a
wholesome Interest. In public affairs, but
do not let politics or anything- else Inter
fere with the rigid administration of your
private duties. The State is made up of
individuals.
Be clr>an and decent. Don't do anything
that ycu would be ashamed to discuss
with your mother. ¦
Don't gamble.
Be circumspect In your amusements.—
Saturday Evening Post.
th© hospital suffering from a broken hand
and several bruises about the body. Nona
of the passengers were injured.
The point where the accldnnt occurred
Is on a curve along the Columbia River
and the heavy rains of yesterday brought
down a landslide on the track. The en
gineer was running at low speed or the
entire train might have gone into the
river.
BTJN3 INTO L AN BSXJDE.
Northern Pacific ' Train Is Wrecked
and Engineer Injured.
CHEHALIS. Wash., Jan. IS.— Th* Ch«
halls and South Bend mixed train on tho
Northern Pacific was wrecked by running
into.a landslide eight miles from ChehaiU
last night and the engine and three cars
went off the track Into the Chehalis River
Th» passenger coach left the trade and
one end hung over the river bank.
' The engine disappeared In the water
but Engineer W..S. Green and Fireman
Robert W. Green climbed out of the cab
and held to a freight car until rescued.
The engineer's head was bruised, ono rib
dislocated and he probably suffered inter
nal injuries. No on© else on tn» train was
Injured. The slide was fifty feet deep at
one point. T----
Hope to Recover the Property Left
by THm and Say the Es
tate Has Been
Looted. .;ii£:j'.
Special Dtspatcb to Th- Call.
COVELO, Jan. 13.— Luther Whit* has
come all the way from Danoury, Nova
Scotia, to discover that the comfortable
estate of his uncle, James White, who dle-t
intestate at Redwood in August, 1334, ha-*
evaporated like a Scottish mist before a
June noonday sun. The estate has practi
cally been settled up. Of the original
$4975, tha value given the estate In ths
petition for letters of administration in
1S34, but $695 remains, and no heirs having
been found up to the time of the final ac
counting, this sum escheats to the Stau
of California to the credit of the schoo'
fund. There were, however, at least four
legal heirs resldlnsr in the East who r nl/
recently, through a letter from Attomey
Lelshman. learned of White's death. Tha
money of an hetrless estate Is. under tho
law, paid into the county treasury and
the custodian of, this strongbox then pays
it over to the State Treasurer. This ha*
already been done in the Wi'tite estate
case. A bitter conCfest wlli be commenced
for th© recovery of a: least the $605
claimed by the heirs. Luther Whit*
through his attorney. *ill petition for tha
distribution of this mrney. The State will
doubtless contend that the estate has been
fully closed up and since no heirs hav3
laid elege to their claims within the flv*
years limited by t-t© civil code the money
has already esch«ated to the State.
Mr. White will vigorously push hta
claims and endeavor to recover several
hundred acres of valuable timber land.
He claims tha< the estate has been looted.
Germany'* Foreign Trade in Needles.
Vice Corsul General Hanauer of Frank
fort writes to the State Department aa
follows: Germany has almost ceased to
be a customer of foreign countries for
needles, having Imported only $30.73)
worth during the first half of the present
year, whereas she exported In the sama
period to the value of Jl.6fQ.5fiO In sewing,
embroidery, darning apd knitting needle3.
or SS per cent more than she exported In
the same time of 1S3I>. The best customers
were China, with Q>.7 per cent: France,
Austria-Hungary and British East India,
¦with about 4Vi per cent each. etc.
WHITE'S HEIRS WILL
NOW SUE THE STATE
Dies in a Saloon. «
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 13.— Oeorgt W.
Knapp, a waiter by profession, dropped
dead In a saloon In thia city this after
noon. The cause was apoplexy. He was
40 years of age and leaves a wife.
rnerce made an explanation to-day In re
gard to the scandal connected .with the
awarding of medals at the Paris Exposi
tion and the charges that Varney W.
Gaskill, secretary of the California Com
mission to the World's Fair, had at
tempted to charge local exhibitors ex
orbitant prices for medals awarded.
"The letters which were published In
the Herald," said Secretary Wiggins,
•were written by Gaskill to George Wil
liams and Frank Schumacher, but they
were not intended for publication. They
were turned over to me and I sent them
north, bo that a thorough investigation
could be made.
••While It would appear that Gaskill de
sired to charge $20 for medals which the
Fair Commissioners offered for less than
a fourth of that amount, still appear
ances may be wrong and Gaskill's quota
tions correct. It is a hard matter to fol
low up, as quotations are still coming
from Paris. The only thing we can do
now is to wait.
"The reason the Chamber of Commerce
is taking up the matter is that that body
was, In many instances, responsible for
the exhibits made, in that it induced thj
exhibitors to send displays to Paris. When
Mr. Williams received the letter from
Gaskill it made him angry and he came
to me. I told him and the other ex
hibitors who had won prizes to wait, as
quotations were still being received and
that medals would be cheap in Paris be
fore long. Then I sent the letters to Sac
ramento In order that a thorough Investi
gation might be made."
"In the matter of these committees,"
said Pendleton to-night, "I have tried to
distribute them with fairness to every-
The Speaker says he cannot appoint any
one to the committee until there is a va
cancy, and, until He receives knowledge of
Anderson's resignation he can and will
do nothing. Penoieton, it seems, is stand-
Ing on his dignity. The story goes that
Anderson, in his letter, declining to serve
on the Committee on Commissions and
Public Expenditures, neglected to address
the communication "To his Excellency
the most exalted and honorable Speaker
of the Assembly, Cornelius W. Pendle
ton." Therefore Pendleton takes the posi
tion that he is not officially informed of
Anderson's resignation.
"I have received no communication from
Mr. Anderson which informs me that he
has resigned," said Mr. Pendleton this
evening.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 13. — Secretary
Frank Wiggins of the Chamber of Com-
HIGH PRICES
FOR MBDALS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 13.— The evening
trains brought back the legisla
tors who spent the recess out of
town, and with ' them came
a host of others, bound Sacramentoward
to attend the Valley Conventions to-mor
row or the ceremonies of the
electoral college to-morrow afternoon.
Alden Anderson came In on the 8:05
train and went to his home at once. Pen
dleton arrived on the 9:45 train. They
were the most Important arrivals to-nignt,
for every one was eager for information
about the Committee on Commissions.
Anderson declares he will stand by his
resignation. He says he does not believe
in legislative Investigations, and he does
not wish to be connected with any of
them, and, therefore, he will not remain
on the* committee. He gives that as his
reason for resigning. Pendleton's view of
the case brings complications.
the woodland banker, and Raleigh Bar- i
car of Vacaville.
The San Joaquin Valley Commercial As
sociation comprises all the counties of the
San Joaquin Valley. Its president Is Ar
thur B. Briggrs and Its headquarters Is
at Fresno. Both It and the Sacramento
Valley organisation will be represented in
to-morrow's conference by large delega
tions.
The water and forestry measures to be
considered are the bills introduced at the
Jnstance of the California "Water and For
estry Association by Johnson In the As
sembly and Wolfe in the Senate. They
provide for an appropriation of 5150,000 for
a Joint investigation with the Federal
Government of the water resources of the
State and the related question of forest
preservation.
The executive committee of the Califor
nia Press Association was to have met
here to-morrow but W. H! Mills and oth
er members will be occupied with the con
ference at Grangers' Hall and in conse
quence the meeting has been postponed
until Wednesday nigrht, when it will be
held at the Occidental Hotel, in San Fran
cisco. The purpose is to arrange for the
Mardi Gras excursion to New Orleans.
Special Dispatch to The Gall.
body. I have done as well by the friends
of Mr. Anderson as I could, and much
better, I believe from threats that were
made, than my friends would nave been
dealt with rare our | positions reversed.
I am Bincere in the wish and hope that
Mr. Anderson will not resign, and I am
sure Bone way can be arranged whereby
he can remain with his committee. He
is chairman of it, and he need not investi
gate anythlng.he does not wish to investi
gate. The resolution that was Introduced
in the Assembly last week was a general
one, and was to allow the investigation
of all State commissions -with a view to
abolishing those that could be spared. So
far as the Paris Commission Is concerned
it was not mentioned, and if It should
come to an investigation it can be as
signed to a special committee." . ;'/
In his interview Pendleton declared that
his altitude toward Anderson was one of
friendliness, arid ' he ' expressed the wish
that anything he said should be quoted In
that spirit.
"I wish to have no controversies," he
paid. "Mr. Anderson Is a man whose ex
perience is valuable and whose assistance
I desire."
There probably will be some attempt t<>
have a meeting arranged between Pendle
ton and Anderson to-morrow.
| AH the Electors are here and with them
members of the party committees and
state affairs and prominent men galore.
S. M. Shortridge of San Francisco,
William J. Barrett of Los Angeles, Elec
tors at Large; J. W. Ryan of Humboldt,
Harold Power of Oakland, W. R. Davis of
Oakland, Frank McGowan of San Fran
cisco and James McFadden of Santa Ana,
are at the Golden Eagle. C. B. Rode of
San Francisco Is at the Western, and
Warren R. Porter of Santa Cruz is at the
Capital. These are the nine Electors.
Then there is Colonel George Stone,
chairman of the State Central Committee:
William J. Dutton and William Wood of
San Francisco, members of the Executive
Committee of the State Central Commit-
The lawmakers this year are well
looked out for. In the Senate, where
forty Senators sit and answer rollcall,
there are 150 attaches, and before the ses
sion closes there will be four . to each
member. In the Assembly of eighty mem
bers there are 171 attaches so far, and
more to come. The legislators this year
have been more than generous— they have
been lavish in their distribution, and prin
cipally- because they wanted things to
come out even. In the Senate the first
proposition was to make $15 a day the
patronage allowance, but It was pointed
out that $15 was an unhandy sum- to
handle. With $16 a day It was shown how
easy It would be to make four S4-a-day
jobs out of It, or two threes and two
fives, or other combinations equally In
teresting and generous, and so another
dollar was put on. It would have been
the same with any other sum, for the
Assembly used the same argument for
raising the Assemblymen's allowance
from $6 50 to $S. and then every one scr-
In the legislative history of the State to
have both houses of the Legislature or
ganised and ready for business* and near
ly 400 bills in, before the end of the flr3t
week. .Whether the record for speed so
far made promises well for the session or
Is only a repetition of the new broom par
able remains to be seen, but It Is certain
that there are several new and ambitious
members of both houses who hope to
win what fame a session can give, and so
have started early.
tee; E. B. Edson, the Railroad Commis
sioner, and a large delegation from up
and down the State, here to attend the
convention to be held to-morrow by rep
resentatives of the valley counties to con
sider proposed legislation.
The Electors, met In the Golden Eagle
Hotel after the last train came In to
night and talked over the situation. It
was expected that some plan of organ
ization would be decided upon, but tha
talk was only informal. To-morrow morn
lnr they will, meet In the office of the
Secretary of Stata and discuss matters
further. At half past 1 they will make
a formal call upon the Governor and at
a quarter to 2 they will proceed In a body
to the Assembly Chamber, where the
ceremonies of casting the vote will be
held.
/Among the evening's arrival 3 from San
Francisco was A. Aigeltinger, who has
been mentioned as a probable appointee to
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners
to succeed Major P. J. Harney.
. .j ¦ ¦ - •
Declines to Regard It as an Official Communication Because It Is Cquched in Terms
Which He Believes Are Not Sufficiently Humble.'
GAVEL-WIELDER OF THE ASSEMBLY OBJECTS
TO CONSTRUCTION OF ANDERSONS RESIGNATION
MILLS ON
THE PARIS
INQUIRY
Sans He Is Nr' Back
of the Proposes.
Investigation.
Does Not Believe the
Scandal Is Worth
Probing.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 13.-W. H. Mills came up
frcm San Francisco on the 4 o'clock train
this afternoon. He denies that his pres
ence in Sacramento is due in any degree
to the proposed Investigation of the con
duct of California's Paris Exposition
Commission, and asserts that he has no
interest whatever in the investiBation.
He said to-night:
"The value to be derived from an in
quiry into this matter by the Assembly
committee will consist wholly in teach
ing the State how to make exhibits of its
products and resources. What concerns
the State is not the personal conduct of
the Commissioners during their stay in
Paris. How the money appropriated from
the State treasury was spent and what
results were accomplished are the proper
subjects of investigation. So far as tiie
scandals that have been floating about
relative to the conduct of the Commis
sioners are concerned, they are not worth
bothering about, and if the investigation
is to become a flea-hunt, it is not- worth
undertaking, and it will come to noth
ing.
•Personally. I know nothing of this
scandal, but I have my ideas of the
proper way to exhibit a States products,
i-nd any legislative conclusion that may
be reached will not change those Ideas.
I am neither prosecutor nor defendant in
this investigation, ajid am utterly indif
ferent as to whether it is made or not."
Mr. Mills was accompanied from San
Francisco by General N. P. Chipman.
Both are members of the State Board of
Trad*, and. with J. A_ Filcher, will rep
resent that organization in a conference
to-morrow with the San Joaquln Valley
Commercial Association and tbe Sacra
mento Valley Development Association,
These two bodies will hold separate meet
ings in the morning, and at 3 o'clock in
tbe afternoon they will meet in confer
ence at Granger s Hall. The Sacramento
Chamber of Commerce will give the visi
tors representing the three bodies a re
ception at the Sutter Club to-morrow
night.
r i"he conference to-morrow will be part
ly devoted to the consideration of pro
posed legislation, notably the measures
proposed by the California Water and
forestry Association, but more particu
larly two propositions made to these in
terior associations by the State Board of
Trade. One is that agents from the two
organizations be kept at the State Board
of Trade rooms in San Francisco, and
the other is that they exert themselves
net only to send adequate exhibits to the
Buffalo Exposition but also to send rep
resentatives there to give intelligent ex
planation of our resources to all inquirers
"As to the first proposition," Mr. Mills
eaid to-night, "with the completion of the
Coast line Eastern tourists who enter the
State by the Southern lines will come
to San Francisco by that route without
passing through the great interior val
ieys. The best place to reach them will
be in San Francisco, and we have invited
th«>se two important associations to keep
agents at the State Board of Trade rooms
for that purpose. Our exhibit there dis
plays quite fully the products of both
valleys, and we can turn over to them all
inquiries from tourists and prospective
settlers which have relation to their lo
calities."
The other proposition, concerning the
Buffalo Exposition, was made by General
Chipman. He said of it:
"We have found that an exhibit does
not talk for itself. There must be pres
ent intelligent men who know the State's
resources and are able to talk about them.
They must be at hand to talk to inquiring
visitors about conditions and life in Cali
fornia, else the exhibits fail In their pur
pose.
"Besides these two valley association*.
we have a*ked the Cured Fruit Associa
tion, the Raisin Growers and the Canners*
Association to send representatives with
their exhibits, to help delineate them and
extend our markets."
The Sacramento Valley Development
Association comprises eight counties. Will
tt. Green is president and W. E. Wright is
secretary, and its headquarters is at Co
lusa. Among its prominent members who
•will be in attendance at the conference to
morrow are the president end secretary
E. E. Lrcake of Woodland, Mr. Thomas!
NOVEL PLAN TO SAVE
STRANDED LIGHTSHIP
Vessel to Be Moved Overland Like a
House and Launched
on the Columbia
River.
EpeelaJ Di*x>«.tch to The Call.
ASTORIA, Jan. 13.— The floating of the
ftranded Columbia River lightship is one
of the mopt unique marine undertakings
ever attempted on the Pacific Coast. The
stranded vessel Is to be moved, like a
house, over the southwestern extremity
cf Washington and placed in Baker's Bay
in the Columbia opposite this city. The
contract for the ¦work will shortly be let.
The lightship broke loose from her
moorings off the mouth of the river over
thirteen months ago during a heavy gale
and went ashore on the beach near the
North Head lighthouse. Repeated efforts
have been made to float her by the sea
ward route, but all have failed signally,
and the contractors who undertook the
work lost considerable money.
When the liEhtEhip firet went ashore
Contractor Lcbeck of this city visited the
scene of the wreck, and, after thoroughly
examining the vessel's position, expressed
the belief that she could never be floated
to seaward, but that the only practicable
plan was to move her over the peninsula
and place her In the Columbia. The cost
of this work would have been greater than
that of tfce eeaward route, and the light
house board refused to consider Mr.
Lebeck's suggestion. All other attempts
having failed, however, the board has de
cided to adopt tbe overland plan, and bids
•will be called for as soon ax permission is
obtained from the War Department to
take the vmsel over the military reserve
at that point. There Is little doubt that
the vessel can thus be saved.
-Effort* are also being made to float the
stranded chip PoltaJloch, which went
ashore last month on the Washington
coast. The ship lies in a better poEition
than most of those which have gone
aFhor* on the Washington coast, but It is
feared that »h«*. too. will remain perma
nently in her sandy bed. Of half a dozen
other v*»?s^l» stranded on that coast in
lat* years, not one has been 'floated, and
bleached timtwes are strewn over the
"ships' graveyard" for a distance of ten
miles.
Bough Voyag« of the Milos.
ASTORIA. Or.. Jan. 13.— The tramt*
steamer M!Ios. ten dav» overdue .from
Hcnrkong. came Into port late last night
Special Dispatch to Th* Ck3
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 13.— The apportionment bill
promises a lively fight. Cutter, who In
troduced It. has turned the conflict over
to the different delegation' with full per
mission to "scrap," and then coma Into
the committee with: the results, of the
battle. These will b» the smaller dis
tricts. In the Congressional districts the
Interests of the party and the wishes of
the different counties may conflict and re
sult In the creation of a district, the Sixth,
almost certainly Democratic. The original
plan was to make the Fifth District out of
the lower part of San Francisco. San Ma
teo and Santa Cruz, throwing Santa Clara
Into the Sixth District. This would maka
the Sixth District composed of San Joa-
Quln. Stanislaus, Tuolumne, Mono, Mari
poea, Madera, Merced, Fresno. San Ben
lto, Monterey, Kings, Tulare and Inyo,
which would be Democratic, and Santa
Clara, whose certain Republican majority
would be sufficient to turn the scale and
make the Sixth District Republican. But
Santa Clara has signified a desire to re
main in the Fifth District, leaving Santa
Cruz to the Sixth, and she has votea
enough to make her desire a strong one.
If Santa Clara insists on remaining in the
Fifth District, she probably will be al
lowed to stay there. ¦
Over in San Joaquu> there Is another
knotty problem. The lumber and mining
Interests have been put in the First Dis
trict as far as possible, giving the district
Del Norte, Siskiyo«, Modoc, Humboldt,
Trinity, Shasta, Lassen. Mendoclno. Teha
ma, Plumas, Sierra, Nevada, Placer, EX
Dorado, Amador, Calaveras «">i Alpine.
This would leave Sam D. Woods of San
Joaquin. the present representative of tha
mining Industry, In an agrioulttfral dis
trict, and would leava a clear field for J.
N. Gillette of Humboldt, reputed to be.
after a seat In Congress. The mining
counties want to keep Woods, and they
are clamoring for San Joaquin to be taken
into tha First District.
Contra Costa wants to drop AJaraeda
and go in with counties across the bay,
but the present scheme makes a district,
the Third, of Solano, Contra Costa and
Alameda, and there seems no way out of
that arrangement.
The Fourth Lrtstrict Is provided for In
Ean Francisco, as before. The Second in
cludes Marin, Sonoma, Xapa, Lake, Yolo.
Sacramento, Sutter, Yuba, Colusa. Glenn
and Butte, which Includes the northwest
ern fruit and grain sections.
The South ts satisfied witii Los Angeles
for th© Seventh District and San Lula
Obtspo, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Kern.
San Bernardino, San I>l©f o. Riverside and
Orange for the Eighth. How this schema
will fare in the Legislature Is hard to pre
dict.
rowed over the Bmallnes* of tea figure
when they learned of the generosity ofth »
Senate.
This Question of patronage has brought
forth one Idea on the subject that may
take shape In a bill before the end of the
session. There is one Senator who 13 re
volving In his mind a scheme to provide
each Senator and Assemblyman with a
stenographer who would be his bill filer,
his secretary, his correspondence cleric
and the clerk of his committee.
The outlook for legislation Is rather un
certain. Among the shower of bills that
have come In are many new measures anl
a great many old ones. Claim bills well
known and respected more because of
their age than of any Intrinsic worth
have already appeared, and the report la
already around that the coyote scalp bill
Is under active preparation and will b«
among the bills of next week. Just who
will present this time honored measure
has not been determined, but some on*
will. There will be something doing Jn>
the way of bonking: bills as well, and the
pilots will be given a scare with a few
measures they prormbly will not lfke.
How the Various
Counties Hope to ¦
Be Placed,
Cutter's Bill Will Re
sult In a LlvelB .
Contest. I
SCHEMING
OVER NEW
DISTRICTS
SPEAKER PENDLETON'S DIGNITY GETS A BAD SHOCK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; MQffp^Y, v UARY 14, 1901.
2
The school board at Trenton. Mo., held
ten meetings and took 700 ballots before
a superintendent could bo elected. •
The Rhode Island duprema Court has
rendered a decision that flowers form a,
necessary feature of a funeral.
To . Cure a Cojd ; in One Day / .-;
Take Laxative Bromo '. Quinine • Tablets.- 'All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
K. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 25c. *
Laborers are so scarce In Switzerland
that they; have to be imported not only
from Italy, but from Bohemia and Sile
sia. dmSBHMSGgBSRrarag
Prince Is the name of a bull whose own-
er claims .for him the distinction of being
tho smallest for his age in "~ the United
States.- Twenty-five "Inches high"? at the
shoulder and weighing one hundred and
seventy 'pounils,' he iswell developed. He
Is a perfectly formed. bull In miniature. -:.
Raised in Bucks County, .Pa., of Jersey
stock, he surprised: his owner, who' tired
of watting. to see him grow.and gave him
to bis. present owner In "West Washington
Market.'.f Every; day now large crowds I at
West Market stop to admire
this freak' of nature." " : \ - ~ ;¦" 'WILLOWS, u Jan. ' 13.— John Scripture
knocked down and robbed John Achs of
*io and a watch near Germantown yester
day. -Scripture. then got a rig from a liv
eryman at Germantown and drove away.
Officers are on the track of the fugitive,
but as yet have not succeeded in cap
turing him. - -¦'> • • • '.. -.
Knocked Down and Bobbed.'
Cosiznodore Henderson.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— Commodore Alex
ander Henderson, chief engineer. United
States navy, retired, is dead at his home
In Yonkers. aged 63 years.
Samuel Lewis.
LONDON. Jan. V..— Samuel Lewis, the
notorious money-lender and usurer, who
fcaa been called "the greatest and meanest
of modern Shylocks," is dead.
» y
Lord Lionel Cecil.
LOICDOX. Jan. 14.— Lord Lionel Cecil,
of the Manjuia of Salisbury,
A speed of ninety miles per hour was
recently made by the Black Diamond ex
press of the Lehigh Valley Railroad, says
tl\e Railway Review. The train consisted
of four Pullman cars and an "Atlantic"
type engine. This train was thirteen min
utes late at Rochester Junction, and on
the run to Manchester an attempt to
make up the lost time was made, and was
more than accomplished. One •— ction of
the road a distance of S.I miles ..as made
In exactly three minutes and forty-one
seconds. For the last 1800 feet of that
distance the brakes were applied slowing
down for a train order board. The first
four and- three-quarter miles by actual
blueprint measurement was run In three
minutes and eight seconds. This speed
was timed by three watches, which never
left the hands of the men holding them.
The total distance was covered at an av
erage rate of eighty-eight miles an hour,
and the rate for the first four and three
quarters was exactly ninety miles per
hour. On the same run the distance be
tween Rochester Junction and Manches
ter 201 miles, was covered In nineteen
minutes and ten seconds. This time was
taken from a standing start at Rochester
Junction to a full stop at Manch«3ter. the
speed being reduced to a rate of twenty
live miles per hour through the Manches
ter yards.
Buna Ninety Miles an Hour.
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 13.— Greatly exag
gerated reports of the financial condition
of; Mexico have been published abroad.
Money continues tight, owing largely to
the exportation of silver dollars^ but fail
ures have been ' few and there is" a large
business being done at interior points '
FLORENCE. Colo.. Jan. 13.— The strike
at the Union Gold Extracting Company's
mill ended to-day. President Milliken'of
the company granted the demand of the
Mill . and Smelter Men's " Union . for an
eight-hour day; and a satisfactory s wage
scale was arranged at a conference - be
tween the president and a committee of
the union. _*
' Condition of Mexico's Finances.
Strike Is Ended.
WEST POINT, ¦ N. Y., Jan. 13.— The
Congressional committee which is Investi
gating the alleged hazing of former Cadet
Booz put in the time ¦ to-day visiting
places of Interest in the highlands. The
committee expects to complete the inves
tigation to-morrow night or Tuesday
morning. Cadet Brown, who officiated as
second for Keller in th* Booz. fight, will
be the first witness to testify to-morrow.
Keller's Second to Testify.
PONTTAC, Jan. la.:-^^^ W. Ward of
Queens, N. Y., son of the late David
"Ward, who was a< multi-millionaire and
the owner of many thousands of acres of
pine lands In Michigan, West Virginia and
California, has begun an action in court
to restrain the executors of the Ward es
tate from entering Into a contract for
the construction of the Kanawha and Elk
Railway in Virginia, and also to extend
a line of road now owned by the estate in
Charlevoix, . Mich. Judge. Smith of Pon
tlac has entered a temporary restraining
order in the case, and a motion to enlarge
the injunction will be secured next Satur
day.
the Executors of the Ward
Estate.
Suit Praying for Injunction Against
Kw.v.ua oxj PEEVENT
EAILWAY EXTENSION
TACOMA, : Jan/ 13.— A Ceritralla (Wash. »
special to the Ledger, says : A' message by
telephone says that Superintendent H..G.
Nash and F. . L. Baker were drowned
while ! repairing ; lines ¦ north ; oi Centralla.
Nash ; was . from Tacoma and • Baker - from
Centralia. Both leave families."
•* T-wo Me\i ; l>ro wned.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Jan. 13.— A special
from Lill'ooet, B. C, says that while en
gaged in thawing dynamite In one of j the
tunnels 'Of the Ample mine John, Olsen a
miner, was instantly killed and two other
miners. Walker and Smith, were seriously
injured. The Ample mine is' the 'property
of- the Toronto and Lillooet Gold . Reef s
Company. -•,-;•
-:¦¦:?::, -_¦ - --.¦*-. -•¦¦¦ .- ' ¦•
, Miner • Meets Death.
Chinese Seriously ; Injured.
SAN. JO3E,' Jan. 13.— Wong Gen, a mem
ber of the; Sam Yup Company, was shot
and seriously wounded in Chinatown at 7
o'clock this evening, i He had Just come
out of a restaurant and saw his assailant,
who.he says, was a stranger. Three shots
were, fired, all taking effect— one in each
arm and -one in the left braasL The po
lice have made no arrests, but say the
assassin is a relatlA'e of the Chinese who
was poisoned last week.' •• •»
PENNGROVE, Jan. 13.— A few days ago
Frank and A. W.Kenney of Santa Rosa
leased from Horace Appleton his large
ranch near Agua Callente in Sonoma. Val
ley for the purpose of sinking oil welH
Coal deposits have been discovered on tho
place and > oil indications are prevalent in
many localities. There is no question but
there Is oil in many places. It is thought
that it can be produced in paying quanti
ties. . <
Indications of Oil.
OLTMPIA, "Wash.. Jan. 13.— R. B. Al
bertson of King County has been agreed
upon for Speaker of the lower house, of
the Washington Legislature, which con
venes to-morrow. ; All the other candi
dates have withdrawn and Albertson will
receive the solid Republican vote. H. D.
Merrltt ot Spokane hao received the Dem
ocratic caucus nomination. Senator Meg
ler of Wahkiakum will likely be elected
president pro tern. Thomas Flsk of Mx
•on County will be the new secretary of
the Senate and Edward Cowan of Pierce
County chief clerk of the House.
Albertson Will Be Speaker.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 13.— The death of
Dr. F. Spade, whose lifeless body was
found In bed In his room in the Maxwell
lodging-house yesterday with a gunshot
wound under the left eye, is still a mys
tery. The entire detective force of the
city is working on tho case, but thus far
they have discovered no clew which would
lead to 'a reason for the crime. Coroner
Holland, in view of the efforts of the po
lice to shed some light upon the manner
in which the magnetic healer came to his
end, concluded to defer the Inquest until
to-morrow. ¦• - ¦>'-;,-> v ,
Mystery of Spade's Death.
Weary of cheering and snap-shotting
him, the Continental admirers of Mr. Kru
ger have been examining his hands with
a view to obtaining fresh food for adora
tion, says the London Mall. The Paris
Vie Illustree publishes a photograph of
Mr. Kruger's hands, as ¦well as the profes
sional opinion of a famous Parisian chiro
mancer thereon. The left thumb is miss
ing, a gun accident depriving Oom Paul of
; that useful member early in life.
Mme. de Thebes, the chiromancer, after
a lengthy examination of the photograph,
sent In the following comments:
"These two hands resemble each other
very little, and prove that the theories of
the ancient peoples were right when they
said that the left hand was the hand of
fate, the right hand the hand of will.
"Kruger's left hand is almostNthe hand
of an animal. The nails are broad and
i Indicate action and force. The forennger
Is longer than the others, showing a ter
rible authority without reasoning, a desire
for command, everything by brute force,
a primitive hand if ever there was one.
"As to his intellectual culture, he has
turned , toward the soil, for he Is a coun
tryman before everything. He loves the
soil; he loves his country and understands
'nothing else. His nature, which has re
mained upright and loyal— the primitive
form of the left hand indicates that to us
—only thinks of keeping Its independence
and In defending his country he defends
himself.
"Now look at his right hand. What a
change! How this man is well informed!
How this square hand Indicates reflection!
The forefinger, which represents intuition
and inspiration, is as long as the middle
finger; intuition which exercises control,
which analyzes before acting, which con
i celves clearly and justly, and which goes
forward with the fixity of fate. Note
these two fingers of equal length, which
is very rare. It is predestination.
"And these two fingers are close to
gether and Indicate the man with whom
we have to deal. He-goes against fatali
ty. He commands it, he resists It, he bat
tles with it. and he overcomes it. for the
long thumb, which almost reaches the
first phalange .of the forefinger, shows a
will of iron.. The left hand indicates that
he docs not feel physical suffering. The
right hand shows that moral suffering
does not. affect him.
"These nngers/ which , are longer than
the palm, are those of an Idealist, hence
his love for the Bible. This man, who has
little Intellectual. culture, has found there
an outlet, for bis mysticism— it finds Its
outlet In chanting and reading the
Psalms. I haft not. unfortunately, the
lines written in these two hands, but I
can affirm that they are not of clay; they
are. of brass."
WHAT OOM PAUL
KRUGEE'S HANDS REVEAL
Sturdy President of the Boers a Lover
of His Country and a Glad
iator Agailist
Fate.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Joseph Yates Pag^e.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13.— Joseph Yates
Page, for the past six years chief clerk of
the Comptroller of the Currency, died to
day of pneumonia. He was well known
to the banking Interests of the country
He was born In Albany, N. Y. in 1850 of
a family distinguished in the State's his
tory.
A-ttacked "With Hemorriiajres.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— Congressman
Keviiie of Nebraska is again In a critcal
condition. To-day he suffered two hemor
rxeges that left him in a very weak state
StJt because of his remarkable vitality he
has in a measure recovered from the im
mediate effect of the attack, and to-night
is again reported to be resting easy.
Grecian Consul at Butte.
BUTTE. Mont.. Jan. 13.-George N
Tsolomltl has been appointed Grecian
Vice Constl at Butte. This is tho fir«t
time any Vice Consul has been na^tl for
Bobbed by Pootpads.
BUTTE. Mont.. Jan. 13.— John Mohard
collector for the Trades and Labor As
sembly, was held up this evening by two
men in South Butte. He resisted and
struck one of the highwaymen. The
ether shot him Just below the heart, in-
Clctlnr a Bertous If net fatal wound. He
was robbed of COO.
>7E"U- TORK. Jan. 13.— Policeman >Ticb
olas Eakulich of San Francisco landed
from the steamship Campania to-day, .ac
companied by a bride six feet tall and
weiph'r.g 250 pounds. "She speaks no
Kr^-lish, but fhes a Jewel," said the po
liceman proudly.
POLICEMAN BAKTTLICH
EETTJENS WITH BIG BBIDE
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13.— Cardinal Gib
bons of Baltimore sper.t to-day In Wash
ington. Despite his advanced age, he
officiated at two services at St. Patrick's
Church, preaching In the morning and
cr»rttnn!ng SCO children in the afternoon.
The Istter service wa.« very impressive.
The Cardinal talked to the children in a
parental manner. He paid that he was
aware that most of the children lived
within a few blocks of the White House.
Th6 Cardinal knew that but few of them
had talked with the President, who, he
l«>arred. was now indisposed. The Car
dinal said he trusted nn<i prayed that the
P'-f-rid^nt mijrht speedily recover.
The fundamental principles of Chris
tiar.Hy in relation to the progress of the
twentieth century was the subject of the
renrnlnc discourse. All progress, he ar
zruod. v.-.->p has=ed on the jroppel of Christ.
He eir.Dhasizefi the union of three at
tributes, equality, lihf-rty and fraternity
a? essential for df votion to country. '
Impressive Service Presided Over in
Washington by the Aged
Prelate,
CEILDBE^T CONFIRMED
BY CARDINAL GIBBONS
Mr. H. R. Looker read two letters from
Thomas Jefferson before the Columbia
Historical Society in "Washington on
Tuesday evening. December 4, according
to an account in the Baltimore Sun. The
letters were written to Charles Thompson.
who was secretary of the constitutional
convention, and were interesting prlnci-
Sally from the fact that they dealt with
Ir. Jefferson's religious views. Extracts
from them follow:
"I replied: 'Say nothing of my relig
ion; it is known to myself and my God
alone, its evidence before the world is to
be sought in my life. If that has been
honest and dutiful to society, the religion
which has regulated it cannot be a bad
one.'
"It is a singular anxiety that some peo
ple have that we should all think alike.
Would the world be more beautiful . were
all our faces alike? were our tempers, our
talents, our tastes, our forms, our wishes,
aversions and pursuits cast exactly In the
same mold? If no varieties existed In the
animal, vegetable or mineral creation, but
all were strictly uniform, catholic and
orthodox, what a world of physical and
moral monotony would it be! These are
the absurdities Into •which those run who
usurp the throne of God and dictate to
him what he should have done. May they,
with all their metaphysical riddles, ap
pear before that tribunal with as clean
hands and hearts as you and I shall.
There, suspended in the scales of eternal
just'ee, faith and works shall show their
worth by their weight. God bless you
and preserve you long in life and health.
"I. too, have made a wee little bootc
from the same materials, which I call the
•Philosophy of Jesus." It 13 a paradigms
of his doctrines, made oy cutting the
texts out of the book and arranging them
on the pages of a blank book In a certain
order of time or subject. A more beauti
ful or - precious morsel of ethics I have
never seen. It is a document in proof
that I am a real Christian: that is to say,
a disciple of the doctrines of Jesus, very
different from the Platonists who call m»
infidel and themselves Christians and
preachers of the gospel, while they draw
all their characteristic dogmas from what
its author never said or saw. They have
compounded from the heathen mysteries
a system beyond the comprehension of
man, of which the Great Reformer of tho
vicious ethics and deism of the Jews, were
he to'return on earth, would not recognize
one feature. If I had time I would add
to my little book the Greek. Latin and
French texts, in columns side by side,
and I wish I could subjoin a translation
of Gassendl's syntagma of the doctrines
of Bpicurus which, notwithstanding the
calumnies of the Stoics and caricatures
of Cicero, is the most rational system re
maining of the philosophy of the andenti .
as frugal of vicious Indulgren:."* and fruit
ful of virtue as the hyperbolical extrava
gances of his rival sects."
Quite Clearly Set Forth.
JEFFERSOH'S RELIGION.
•m.« Views on This Disputed Subject
MADRID. Jan. 13.— The Spanish Govern
ment has decided to send- warships to
watch the coast of the lower provinces in
order to prevent the Importation of arms
by the Carlists, who are still agitating.
Carlists to Be "Watched.
BERLIN. Jan. 13.— Hugo Beftauer. a
naturalized' American, who Is connected
with the Berliner Tageblatt, has been ex
polled from Prussia as an obnoxious for
eigner.
Expelled From Germany.
The United States transport Indiana,
after being ashore on Pollilo Island two
weeks, has been pulled off uninjured by
the Pennsylvania, and has arrived at
Manila.
TACOMA. Jan. 13.'— The ship Topgallant.
owned in San Francisco and bound from
Hongkong for Port Townsend, was struck
by a typhoon off the China coast and
badly damaged. Her seams opened, let
ting In quantities of water as the vessel
rolled. The pumps were kept- going con
tinuously but proved ineffective, and the
ship gradually settled in the water. The
captain refused to put back until the crew
became mutinous and declared they would
take possession of the ship If be did not
return to Hongkong or Manila. Captain
Lunvaldt then consented, and the ship ar
rived at Manila last month in almost a
sinking condition. The crew was dis
charged and paid off.
China and She Springs a Leak.
Typhoon Strikes the Ship Off Coast of
TOPGALLANT IS DAMAGED.
A dispatch from Colon, dated January
11. said the few rebels who were outside
the town of Panama had been driven back
to the bush by the Government troops,
and added that there was no extensive
revolutionary movement, j
It appears also, according to reports
brought by the Texan, that business in
Colombia. Is at a standstill everywhere:
with a general enforcement of martial
law, and that the people are becoming dis
gusted with the Government, owing to its
failure to crush the rebellion. The fight
ing Is now over a wide field and the rebels
have become more stubborn than ever.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Jan. 13.— The
British steamship Texan, Captain • Lund,
which arrived here to-day from Colon,
Colombia, reports that when she left
Colon terror reigned among the inhab
itants around Panama In consequence of
another rebel descent upon the city.
Heavy fighting began outside of Panama
on January 10 and continued fiercely
throughout January 11, when the rebels
were making a desperate attempt to get
within the city. The Government troops
were strongly contesting the advance of
the insurgents when the Texan left.
Captain Lund says the losses on both
sides had been considerable, though with
out advantage either way. The rebels had
been largely reinforced and were well
stocked with supplies. Two British war
ships have arrived at Panama and an
American cruiser was momentarily ex
pected. " • . ¦
Msde Desperate Endeavors to
Overthrow Forces of the
Government.
REBELS ATTACK
CITY OF PANAMA
Mrs. Kennedy slept to-day until 3
o'clock in the afternoon. When she was
taken to her cell last night she became
nervous and the jail officials called a phy
sician to attend her. It was her first ex
perience behind iron bars, the first days
having been passed in the police matron's
room, and when left alone In her cell she
realized for the first time apparently the
enormity of the charge against her.- It
was feared for a time that she was going
to be seriously ill, but the physician suc
ceeded in quieting her nerves, after which
she slept soundly. She ate a hearty meal
this afternoon and seemed greatly re
freshed.
When married to Kennedy a month ago,
the woman gave the name of Lulu Prince.
She had formerly kept company with Pat
ten. Patten lives at Westport. N. Y.
The friends of the dead man who are
aiding the prosecution will, it Is stated,
try to prove that Kennedy was the vic
tim of a conspiracy.
Dr. R. O. Cross, who witnessed the
shooting, declared that Lulu Prince Ken
nedy told him last November that she
was the wife of Case Patten, the baseball
pitcher of the Kansas City Baseball Club.
Dr. Cross said the woman made this
statement the first time she came to his
office.
KANSAS. CITY, Jan. 13.— Mrs. Lulu
Prince Kennedy, who shot and killed her
husband, Philip H. Kennedy, on Thurs
day evening, two days after he had
brought suit to have their marriage,
which he asserted had been forced, set
aside, has been bound over to the Grand
Jury with a recommendation that she
be held for murder in the first degree. The
Coroner's jury, which had sat on the case
all day. reached a verdict after listening
to some sensational testimony. Later,
the prisoner, before a Justice of the
Peace, made a formal plea of not guilty
and was remanded to jail for her pre
liminary hearing, which was set for
Wednesday next.
The most important point brought out
at the Inquest was the fixing of the identi
ty of the hat belonging to the man who
struck Thomas Kennedy, a brother of the
dead man, Just after the shooting. The
hat belonged to Will Prince, who said he
Just happened along at the time, although
he admitted he had gone there looking for
his sister. While Kennedy was trying to
pull the woman away from his brother,
he was struck by some man who had fol
lowed the woman to the scene. On the
stand Prince admitted he had struck Ken
nedy in defence of his sister.
Coroner's Jury Recommends
That She Be Held for
Murder.
MRS. KENNEDY
IS BOUND OVER
The appearance of a messenger and the
notification he served on the poverty
stricken people that they were heirs to an
estate of $5,000,000 or more was a joyful
surprise. The three are ignorant country
folks and were not aware of their uncle's
death nor of the sensational circum
stances connected with his demise. What
action will be taken by -the heirs is not
known, as for many years they have been
the poorest people In the country, being
barely able to eke out an existence, and
they have not he means to carry them
out of tne State.
POPLAR BLUFF, Mo.. Jan. 13.— A rep
resentative of Attorney Potter, who Is en
gaged in looking after the estate of Wil
liam M. Rice, who died In New Tork last
September under suspicious circum
stances, bas been in Stone County, Mo.,
and has found heirs of . the millionaire.
They are B. F. Rice, Bird Rice and Mrs.
Mattle Clark. * ';*~/0~> ' ¦ ¦ •-.
Spedal Dispatch to The Call
Sudd«n Change in Fortunes
of Heirs of the Late
¦./.' W. M. Rice.
FROM PDVERTY
TO AFFLUENCE
The flow is constantly increasing in vol
ume. This is due to the fact that when
the oil was struck the iron casing was
blown out of the hole, and the size of
the hole is gradually increasing. The
solid six-inch stream of oil is now shoot
ing straight into the air to a height of
more than 200 feet. It is Mi* Jendall's
opinion that it will be impossible to an
chor the well, and that the oil will have
to be saved in .dirt reservoirs. The reser
voirs are being constructed as rapidly as
possible, and a number of them are al
ready filled and overllowing. The people
of that section are crazy with excitement,
and- a score or more of companies have
already been formed to drill other wells.
Fabulous prices are being' asked for lands
that were regarded as almost worthless
before the strike was made, .
These prices- are being paid wllllncly
by some of the moneyed investors. The
well was visited by thousands of people
to-day. The roar of its spurting can bo
heard for many miles.
AUSTIN, Tex., Jan. 13.— The great oil
gusher near Beaumont is the overshadow
ing sensation throughout Texas. Thomas
D. Jendall. an oil well expert of Penn
sylvania, who was visiting the Corslcana
oil field at the time the phenomenal well
was discovered, arrived here this evening
from a visit to the well. He says It far
eclipses any well drilled In the United
Srtttes, and the output of oil Is several
thousand barrels dally, greater than the
greatest gusher ever known In Russia-
Mr. Jendall tested the flow of the oil as
best he could, and he estimates that it
exceeds 25,000 barrels every twenty-four
hours.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Texas Gusher Is Rapidly
Increasing in
Volume.
OIL IS SPOUTING
HUNDREDS OF FEET
Another Crowe Cle-w.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Jan. 13.— Th© po
lice of Nantlcoke are looking for "Pat"
Crowe, the alleged Cudahy abductor. In
formation from Chicago Is to the effect
that Crowe is somewhere in the Pennsyl
vania anthracite regions.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Jan. 13.— The outlook
to-night is that whnn the Nebraska Leg
islature begins battling for Senators' to
day It will be without preliminary caucus
on the part of the Republican majority.
This means there will be no election on
the first ballot. . The failure to hold a
caucus Is on account of the inability, of
many Senators, to. agree on rules govern
ing their deliberations. The fact that two
Senators are to be elected complicates
matters, and Republican leaders fear the
contest is drifting into a deadlock. .
DEADLOCK IS IMMINENT.
Battle for Senators in Nebraska Leg
islature Promises to Be Long'.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— Secretary
Long has received a letter written by a
number of missionaries to Commander
Wlnslow of the hospital ship Solace ex
pressing not only their thanks for the
courtesies of the voyage from San Fran
cisco to Yokohama but adding a tribute
to the spiendid management of the ship
and the admirable Qualities displayed by
the American bluejackets.
Mr. Lung highly appreciates the senti
ment of the letter and says that if mons
people would go aboard our naval vessels
there would be many testimonials of the
same sort for our Bailors and our ships.
Missionaries Write Testimonial to
Commander of Solace..;-/.*--'.
Dies of Hemorrhage.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 13.— William P.
Coleman, who for twenty years has been
president of the Sacramento Bank, died
this evening at his home on J street, be
tween Third and Fourth, as a result of a
hemorrhage which had attacked him sud
denly while l.e was engaged in reading a
newspaper. Mr. Colemsn • was a pioneer
Callfornlan and a man of much wealth.
He leaves a wlf*> but no children. His
only other relative In this city is bis
nephew, Postmaster J. O. Coleman.
Mr. Coleman was born in Hopkinsville,
JCy., In 1826. He came across the plains to
California in 1.543 and in 1851 located at
Sacramento, where he opened a general
outfitting store and .later an Insurance
office. It was In this office that Mr. Cole
nan and some others organized the pres
ent Sacramento Bank. Mr. Coleman was
a man of social instincts and there was a
memorable gathering at his home New
Year's night, over which he presided.
PRAISE FOR- BLUEJACKETS.
Prominent Citizen of Sacramento and
an Early Pioneer of California
Indicates a Surplus in the Ordinary
Estimate of 73,443,450
Rouble*.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 13. — The Rus
sian Minister of Finance, M. de Witte,
has submitted his budget statement for
UXX). This shows a surplus In the ordin
ary estimates of 73,443,450 roubles. He ex
plains that events in the Far East have
necessitated a heavy expenditure, amount
ing for 1&00 to 61,900.000 roubles.
M. de Witte announces that in spite of
the hostilities in China the financial situ
ation is favorable and no foreign loan
will be required this year unless unfore
seen complications should arise. M. de
Witte points to the unfavorable fact that
there was a diminution of th<» gold In the
country during 1900 by 74.000.000 roubles.
He declared himself confident, however,
that the amount of gold remaining is suf
ficient to enable Russia to wait for better
times. ;
WILLIAM P. COLEMAN
SUDDENLY PASSES AWAY
REPORT OP RUSSIAN
1ONISTEE OF FTNAU"CE
Cuba Will Pay a Visit to
California.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— Accompanied by
his pretty Cuban bride, Alexander Y.
Frye, former Superintendent of Schools in
Cuba, arrived here to-day from Havana
on the transport McPherson. Their wed
ding took place on New Year's day and
was a notable social event in Cuba. Se
norlta Maria Terra was known as one of
the most handsome young women in
Cuba. Governor General Wood and his
entire staff and 2600 other invited guests
witnessed the ceremony.
While the Cuban teachers were in the
United States Mr. Frye found time to pay
many attentions to Senorita Maria Terra.
O«* November 5. the day on which the
constitutional convention first met in
bavana, Mr. Frye sent a telegram to the
senorita in which he said: "I know that
you are an anti-annexatlonlst but I wish
very much to annex a small part of
Cuba." The reply was: "I cannot be an
nexed, but will be happy to accept a pro
tectorate."
Mr. and Mrs. Frye will spend their hon
eymoon In the United States. They will
go to California, where Mr. Frye has ex
tensive orange groves. *
Former Superintendent of Schools in
WILL COME WITH HIS
BRIDE TO THIS STATE
SANTA ANA, Jan. 13.— Rumor has
it that a deal is on by which
Arden, the handsome home of
Madame Modjeska, and its appur
tenances will .• soon become the
property of an Eastern millionaire. This
report is given further color" by the fact
that Modjeska is said to have given out
to her intimate friends here her intention
of spending six months in Europe at the
conclusion of the theatrical season, which
by some Is Interpreted to mean that the
famous actress may fulfill her long cher
ished desire and return to the land of her
near the mouth of which a concrete dam
twenty-eight feet high has been built. The
length of the dam from bank to bank is
eighty feet and its foundation is solid
rock, an excavation of eight feet having
been made for that purpose.
A topographical map of the entire prop
erty has also been prepared and forward
ed to the famous actress in New York.
This gives color to the story that the
property is about to change hands.
Madame Modjeska has always expressed
a desire to return to the scenes of her
early life in Poland, and the disposal of
her property here probably marks the first
step toward the accomplishment of tails
plan.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
\
nativity to spend her declining years. For
while before the footlights Modjeska's
years apparently sit lightly on her, in
reality she is far from strong, and this
season in all seriousness will probably
end her professional career.
What is without doubt the most exten
sive private irrigation system in Southern
California has just been completed on the
property, which is situated in Santiago
Canyon, about twenty miles out of Santa
Ana. the water from which is designed
for use in irrigating a portion of the 1000
acre ranch. The system is that of /im
pounding the water from an ever-flowing
mountain stream, which finds .its way
down what is known as Harding Canyon,
CoIotipI Prank Balflwln of the Fourth
United States Infantry yesterday de
stroyed an insurgent arsenal in the
Patur.gran district, seizing a quantity of
arms and ammunition, together with a
printing: press and other material.
In the opinion nf Genera! Grant his dis
trict is now fairly nacifled. with the ex
ception of the localitv south of Buloc
Mountain, and the province of Pampanga
I? ready for civil government. It is ex
pected that Pa.mpanga will be the first
province to which provincial governme 't
will be applied.
MANILA. Jan. 33— General Grant, who
If endeavoring to finish the latest insur
rection in his district, and who is person
fi!ly commanding his scouts at the east
ern *=nd, reported to-day that he had en
countered a number of bands south of
Buloc Mountain, all of which retired up
thf hills. He says that a hundred of ths
fnwnT who were well intrenched made
considerable resistence, but were ulti
mately driven from their position. The
bodies of four insurgents were found.
The American casualties were a sergeant
and one private of Troop A, Sixth cavalry,
wcunded.
Heports That Province of Pampanga
Is Ready for Civil Government.
Another native sentenced to be hanged
was Pedro Laoh'ca. This man was one
of a hand of natives who. representing
themselves to b« policemen, entered at
nipht several hoi jj»s and by threats and
use of firparrcs .tiduced the natives to
come out and surrender. Thev then tied
:he arms of the men behind their backs
*.nd beat them with bolos and robbed the
houses of money, jewelry and other valu
ables.
GRANTS DISTRICT PACIFIED.
A native named Vincente Prado ha? es
tablished a cai^p in a strong position dif
ficult of access in the mountainous dis
trict near Rosario. Aunon province. There
he entrenched his camp and erected
buildings, and a band of armed outlaws
gathered about him. Recently two Ameri
cans were taken into the camp as prison
ers, and for no apparent reason other
than that they were "enemies" they were
ordered to instant death. Shortly after
ward two Ygrga.rrotes.aman and a woman,
were* taken before Prado and charged
with being American spies- Without any
attempt at proof or fcrm r>f trial they
were ordered to be exr-ciifd immediately.
In both instances Prado personally wit
nessed the execution of his orders by
members of his cutiaw band, who used
their bolos on the defenseless prisoners.
On another occasion Prado ordered his
hand to attack ard burn the pueblo of
San Jacintn nr.G to arrest and "if he re
sisted kill" the president of Rosario. In
pursuance of :hese orders the president
ft Rosario and his son were killed and
103 houses* destroyed by fire. Prado and
his chief outlaw assistants were sentenced
to be hanged.
."Those inhuman methods." says Gen
eral MacArthur. "remove all the partici
pants, whether chief or willing follower of
the bands, from the pale of the law and
place them air.ongr that class of cowardly
and secret assassins which all civilized
men the world ovrr hold to be enemies of
mankind.*'
"WASHINGTON, Jan. IS.— Copies of gen
eral orders from the Philippines received
here show that a large number of native
Filipinos have been convicted of murder
end other crfir.es and sentenced to be
hanged cr'to long terms of imprisonment.
In one csLt-e the accused belonged to an
organized mob which, under the name of
Guardia de Honor, had -or its declared
object the murder of peaceable and unof
fending victims If found necessary to
gratify either a desire for revenge or a
feeling of envy against the rich.
Striving to Put an End to Outlawry
and the Killing' of Prisoners
by Their Native
Captors.
DEATH SENTENCES
FOR INSURGENTS
General MacArthur Inflicts
Punishment Upon Filipino
Murderers.
HONOLULU. H. T.. Jan. 5.— The meet
.ing of the first Territorial Legislature
early in February again brings political
issues to the front. In spite of the fact that
the Republican and Democratic parties
together spent over $00,000 on the late
election in Honolulu and the island of
Oahu, they are virtually without repre
sentation in the Legislature. Although
the Republican party alone spent over
$35,000 of the above amount it was beaten
through afPalliance with the missionary
faction, which resulted In a large portion
of the Republican and all of the native
vote being cast for the Independent ticket.
Allied with a strong element of the Re
publican party, the Independents are now
well organized and will go into the com
ing legislative tight under skillful and
trustworthy leaders. The various fac
j tions of the Independent or "Home Rule"
party, as they call themselves, have al
ready consolidated and have agreed In
caucus that any Representative or Sena
tor who betrays the party policy by vot
ing against it will at once have the seat
declared .vacant. The Home Rulers have
sufficient votes in both branches to carry
out this threat. This position is taken,
the leaders assert, to hold the native mem
bers together against the liberal use of
money to be made by the defeated par
1 ties. The anti-home rule light, it is
charged, will receive the backing of the
Planters' Association, the old mlsslonary
party-and the sugar faction of the Re
publican party.
Holding a majority in both branches of
the Legislature, the Home Rule party
will at the outset introduce a new election
law and a bill embracing radical changes
in the system of taxation, which the lead
ers assert will not only hold the natives
together solidly in the future, but will
draw largely the support of the mechani
cal and labor elements. The new election
law, which will be early introduced, will
be a modification of the Australian ballot
system and will make it impossible for
the planters or other political factions to
control the nominating conventions. In
fact, it is said, the new law will abrogate
nominations by political conventions. The
new tax system is understood to be" of
such a nature that it will equalize taxa
tion, will insure the prosperity of the
middle and laboring classes, and will in
crease the revenue without being a bur
den, as at present,- upon the poor man a.
The Home Rule party will also insist
upon a well organized plan of municipal
government. At this point the great fight
of the first Territorial Legislature will
take place against the allied forces of the
two defeated parties, the sugar planters
and the present local government. In
other words, President McKinley's ap
pointees, backed by their friends, will be
found in the front of the battle against
the voters of the Territory and their elect
ed representatives.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Dominant Party to Make Radical
Changes in the Election Laws
to Hold the Native "?.- %
Vote.
Republicans and Democrats
Unrepresented in
Honolulu.
HOME RULE PARTY
IN FULL POWER
BUTTE. Mont.. Jan. 13.— "Swiftwater
Bill," who is also known by his right
name of William Gates, has Just added
another incident to the many that have
gone to make up the fame and notoriety
of the successful Klondike goldseeker.
One of his ox-wives, Gussie Lamore, in
hysterics says he has eloped with her
young sister Belle, alter she had been led
to expect that he would take her back to
his heart again. Swiftwater recently re
turned from Alaska with new stories of
success and wjth plenty of money. He
was on liis way to Europe, he said, to in
terest Ei -Hsh capital in a new mining
.scheme he had evolved, and had stopped
in i>"tte to visit his ex-wife and her sis
ter, who also came back from the Klon
dike not long ago. He was here several
days and astonished even some of the old
?I>enders of Butte by the way he scat
tered his money. He and Gussie were to
gether constantly and he began to think
s-o well of her again that he made her a.
present of a hall interest in several rich
mining claims in Alaska.
Her friends were given to understand
that she and Swiftwater were about to
become reunited and indeed everything
looked that way until last night, when
Swiftwater left for the Kast and pretty
little Belle Lamore disappeared at the
same time.
This morning Gussie discovered that
Belle and Swiftwater went together and
tickets had been purchased for Xew York.
While she was tearing her hair over the
discovery, a friend brought her a message
froni her sister telling her that she and
Swiftwater were going to get married as
soon as they reached New York, and that
they would go together to Europe. Gussie
felt so badly about it that she could not
appear to-nig-ht at the local variety thea
ter at which she and her sister ha'd been
playing, but she sent a telegram to her
othsr sister, Grace, at San Francisco,
the second ex-wife of Swiftwater, to tell
her about the calamity and Swift water" X
evident intention to marrv and divorce
the entire Lamore family.
Belle, who is but 18 years of age. has al
ways taken Swiftwater's part in the fam
ily troubles and has often declared that
he was not treated right 1 by his other La
moro, wives.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
in the Klondike.
Latest Sweetheart Is a Sister of the
Two Former "Wives of the Man
Who Dug Out a Fortune
Elopis From Butte With
Young and Belle
Lamore.
SWIFTWATER
BILL'S ESCAPADE
RIGHT OF WAY
FOR ARMY BILL
Senate Will Dispose of the
Measure During This
Week.
Lengthy Discussion Probable Over
Daniel's Amendment for the
Appointment of Volun
teers as Officers.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13.— A programme
of miscellaneous matters will occupy the
attention of the House during the com
ing week. The river and i-arbor bill,
which was debated for three days last
week, will consume one and possibly two
days. Although the bill was criticized
severely during the debate last week, it
is in no danger of failure. Most of tho
attacks came from members who weru
disappointed in what the bill grants for
their localities and the actual opponent*
of the measure will be overwhelmed wher
the final vote is reached. The Dls.rict of
Columbia Committee, which under thj
rules would be entltlad to to-morrow, wiU
demand a day later in the week if they
give way to the river and harbor bill to
morrow. After the latter bill is disposed
of the bill to revise and codify. the postal
laws will be taken up under a special or
der. It will be followed by the District
of Columbia appropriation blU and tha
latter in turn by the postofflce appropri
ation bill if there is any remaining time.
Miscellaneous Questions Will Occupy
V: : - th.© Tints.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— The army re
organization bill will continue to engage
the attention of the Senate at least dur
ing the first days of the present ween.
The opinion is quite generally expressed
among Senators that the bill will be acted
upon by the middle of the week and even
the critics of the measure Join in this
dict ion. Many phases of the question in
volved in the army bill remain to be coa
gldered and the general understanding i*
that there will be a general discus
sion before the bill can, be disposed of.
The speech of Senator Platt of Connecti
cut on Friday last in defense of the bill
on general principles will call for replies,
and there are also special features which
will require more or less attention.
Among tnese is Senator Daniel's amend
ment concerning the appointment of
volunteers as officers in the regular army;
the question of the disposition of officers
who have held staff positions and the pro
vision for the enlistment of Filipinos in
the American army. The disposal of all
these questions undoubtedly will nil the
first two or three days of the week.
Senator Allison intends to call up the
legislative and Judicial appropriation
bills when the army bill is acted upon, but
whether this and other appropriation bills
to follow it shall occupy the exclusive at
tention of the Senate so long as they are
on. the calendar is a question which has
not yet been determined. The present
Indications are, however., that the appro
priation bills will be considered in ad
vance of all other measures whenever
they are before the Senate.
When there are no appropriation bills,
the ship subsidy bill will be discussed.
There are still numerous speeches to be
made on this measure and already there
is talk of night sessions for its consider
ation when it is taken uo.
There is little in the legislative bill to
arouse discussion, but there is a poss'
billty that Senators hostile to the sub
sidy bill may use the appropriation bill
for the purpose of delay.
Next Saturday will be devoted to eulo
gies in memory of the late Senator Gear.
PBOGBAMME HT THE HOUSE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1901.
Beautiful Home and Ranch in Santiago Canyon. About to
Become the Property of an Eastern Capitalist.
MADAME MODJESKA IS PREPARING
TO RETURN TO HER NATIVE LAND
ARDEN, THE HOME OF MADAME HELENA MODJESKA. LOCATED IN A PICTURESQUE SPOT IN THE MOUN
TAINS TWENTY MILES EAST OF SANTA ANA. THIS BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY PLACE IS ABOUT TO BE
COME THE PROPERTY OF AN EASTERN CAPITALIST. .
Among other things that han? over
from the : other : century ' Is - the ¦ fact " that
we will have to tolerate a few months the
French expression of fln-de-slecle.
China has had her "Joan of Ara" . Tra
dition tells of a maiden, Mou Len. who.
In the garb of a man. led the armies ot
the empire to victory.
It is "noted by the authorities that th*
new century shine Is the' only thins that
has ¦ been known to take the ulster off
Christmas time.
.Bill— Did you say that gun of yours
would shoot 1000 yards? . ¦
: Jill— That's what I did.
""Well, it's marked to shoot only BOO
yards." '. ¦
-.'.'Yes; but there are two barrels." — Yon
kers Statesman. • •
No ; German Loan.
.-'• LONDON, Jan. IS.— The Berlin corre
•pondent" of :the Times *. denies ' the* rumor
that Germany intends to place a bis loan
in New York and London.
TACOMA, Wash.', Jan; 13— The North
ern ; Pacific liners Glenogle and Glenf arg
arrived from the Orient to-day. The Gleno
gle brings . a full caf go of tea and ;. silk,
eight Chinese and : one ; Baloon : passenger.
Both " vessels had pleasant .weather, until
Just off the coast, when strong: sales were
encountered. . . . ¦ :
Glenogle and Glenf arg in Port.
3PRIMARY ELECTION BILLS.
PROSPECTS for the enactment of a satisfactory
primary election law at this session of the Leg
islature are repotted from Sacramento to b?
bright and promising. Many of the ablest and best
men in each house are giving close attention to the
subject. Several bills dealing with the issue have
been introduced, and as it is announced that others
are to follow there will be no lack of methods and pro
visions to choose from when the time comes to blend
the best of them into one bill and enact it.
From a multitude of counsel in legislative bodies
there is not always wisdom. It not infrequently hap
pens that the more the counselors the more the wrang
ling, and that the outcome is a compromise measure;
which, being neither flesh, fowl nor good red herring,
Is virtually valueless. In this case, however, such a
result is not likely to occur. The issue is one which
involves no partisan or factional advantage. The law
when adopted will apply equally to both parties.' The
only class of men who can have any desire to defeat
the measure or distort it are the corrupt bosses and
their following. It ought to be easy, however, to
guard against their machinations, and since so many
of the most reputable and public-spirited men in the
Legislature are earnestly at 'work in the task of de
vising a good bill it i» reasonable to expect. they will
succeed.
It is, to be borne in mind, moreover, that the present
Legislature has the opportunity of profiting by the
mistakes made in previous; primary laws. The de
cisions of the Supreme Court on former acts serve to
show what is to be avoided in the bill. For, the rest
the things to be remembered are that the bill should
be as simple as possible; that it should fully protect
the rights of all citizens, and provide a system by
which nominations for office may be made by the
people and not by the bosses and their tools. .
A SEQUOIA LUMBER BILL.
CALIFORNIANS engaged in the task of provid
ing for the protection and preservation of our
foresfs of giant trtes Have obtained in Mr. Lacey
of Iowa an ally who is evidently in earnest. Just why
he should have come to the front in the fight ; we do
not know. There are no big trees in Iowa, norJany
personal advantage io, be 'gained by Lacey himself.
Consequently it is to be presumed that his activity; is
What is the very rare occurrence In &
calendar year will happen In 1935, the first
time since 1SC3. viz.: Seven eclipses, tho
largest possible number that can happen
in a year.
As to the eclipses in the coming century,
there will be about 380 of them, the num
ber of solar beins to the number cf lunar
in about the ratio of 1 to 3. In 1301 there
will be two eclipses of the sun. May IS
and November 11. and two of the moon.
May 3 and October 27. but none of tha
four will be visible in the United States.
New Century Astronomy.
J. C. Daly, who controls largre Interests
In Ventura, Is making- a stay at the Cali
fornia.
John B. Kirke. the millionaire io*p man
ufacturer of Chicago, and Mrs. and Miss
Kirke are at the Palace. •>- ;;;•
H. Isaacs, division superintendent of the
Santa Fe at Los Angeles. Is making a
brief stop at the Grand.
J. "W. Brown of Fresno la registered at
the Palace.
J. O. HesterwooiS. a. capitalist of Saa
Jose. Is at the Grand.
Fred Good, a hotel man from Fresno,
is registered at tho LJck.
George Q. Cannon, the Mormon elder, la
registered at the Palace.
C. F. Cutts, a well-known nrtninfr man
of Carsorr, is a guest at the Grand.
Circuit Judge Ersklne M. Rosa of X»os
Angreles Is registered at the Palace.
O. N. Van "Worm, a fndt rrower of
Fresno, is among the aruests at tha lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
¦•Of all the last century statesmen of this country the
one who seems to be most completely forgotten i?
Tom Reed. ¦' : " ' "•' * : ,, _ '* " T .
New, terrors of American occupation in the Philip
pines are being inflicted upon the . natives. The Fili
pinos are being initiattd into the intricacies of mu
'nicipal politics.
A man was killed, and several people were danger
ouslyinjured the other day by a bull infuriated against
his human tormentors ; in . a. Mexican . arena. . This
rightly looked at appears to be retributive justice. ,
.. Everything significant seems to, point to the con
clusion that Tod Sloan will have to look for a hew
vocation. How would tailor's model do? He seems
to have-fitted himself for the part. * :
Late dispatches from China give no particular en
couragement to" the worthy effort now being made in
New York for .increased missionary labor; in the'
Orfent. The natives oi Shansi have decided to eat all
strangers. , .
Another instance of the fact that the bond which
unites malefactors one to 'the other is as frail as in
evitably.'the reward of their evil actions is" small, has
been given in the offer of one of the Omaha kidnapers
to betray his pals. i
Another of our. antiquities made sacred by the gen
erous consent of the nation is crumbling into the com
mon place of modernism. , A very high authority, in
no way soured, declares positively that Philadelphia is
unquestionably a wicked city.
Bullman, the jockey, has been engaged at a salary
of $15,000 a year and our most ambitious college
president must content himself with' $10,000.'. In this
sarcasm of the fates it is safe to say. that neither would
exchange places with the other.
A local orator who said the other day that the spoils
system is a thing of the past in San Francisco might
have had the kindness to tell us what he considered
the raid upon the City Hall made by the. Phelanites
under the cloak of civil service reform. .
The process of disinfecting. Havana by the United
States Government seems to have raised an official
stench far more offensive than that which caused it.
If we have a few more Federal scandals we will be
gin to look upon them as matters of course. .
An English naval officer has made the original'
suggestion that vvar^lvps to be effective ought :o
prowl the ocean in disguise. This thought ought to
recommend itself with particular force to the gentle
men engaged in the reconstruction of the Spanish
ravy.
William Jennings Bryan insists that it is the duty
of the Democratic party to regenerate itself. The
thought probably never. occurred to him that the first
measure of regeneration for the party would be to qet
rid of the evil company .in which it has been traveling
for more than four years.
Simply because Uncle Sam found S?n Francisco a
j_ood market and sp^nt $ico.ooo.cno u : th us there i>
1 proposition on foot to make us hear a greater bur
c!tii of" State taxation. Our ne'ghbors of the interior
•should glory in our prosperity and not in envy see'<
to take part of it away from us. -
Both houses of the Legislature now in session have
already clothed themselves with more e Jpense thin
their predecessors. It is sincerely to be hoped tha;
the worthy gentlemen assembled at Sacramento have
not reached the conclusion that the people of the
State have reconciled themselves- to the thought of
enjoying luxuries whatever the cost may be.
One line of trade, however, is lagging badly. There
is no call whatever for dried fruit, owing to the great
abundance of fresh tropical fruits on the Atlantic sea
board and the large fruit crops all over the world
Prunes are in a bad way, and those who are in charge
of the crop are devising all sorts of means to get rid
of the surplus before another crop comes in. But
with the exception of dried fruits the farm products
of the State are generally in satisfactory condition, and
*hc situation as a whole may be classed as excellent.
In San Francisco the conditions remain as before
tioted. Scarcity of freight room on outgoing ocean
steamers tells the story of the heavy export trade
being -done by the port. The remarkably even dis
tribution of the rains thus far this season compensates
for the deficiency in the rainfall, which is pronounced.
The crops are looking well all over the State, if we
except some districts in the south, where heavy frosts
have done some damage to citrus fruits and summer
vegetables. The oil industry is still attracting general
attention and the daily transactions on the Oil Ex
change are remarkably large, and as a rule at rising
prices.
The best trade reports continue to come from the
West and South. The general staples stand about as
they have done for some weeks. Wool shows rather
more steadiness and. a fair demand is reported for
boots and clothing, and structural iron and
steel. There have been few price changes of la.te,
side from advances in sugar and coal oil, and a weak
ening off in provisions at the Western packing points.
None of these changes show any general change in
the condition of trade, one way or the other. A feel
ing of confidence continues to pervade the country,
and therj are no signs of any disturbance.
General business, as shown by the weekly bank
clearings, is very good. These clearings last week
frr.Mied 41.4 per cent over the same week last year, and
no city of importance, except Milwaukee, sTiowed a
loss. The gain at New York was 56.5 per cent, largely
due to activity in Wall street and the disbursement of
the January dividends, which set -millions of dollars
into general circulation. The other large cities also
showed substantial gains. The week's failures were
324. against 274 last year.
WALL street was the center and mainspring of :
commercial activity last week. It reached out
into the wheat and cotton markets and by i
large purchases stimulated both for some days, but a
reaction followed and toward the close both staples
quieted down. Wheat lasted longer than cotton, and
even after the reaction- was supposed to have set in
heavy purchases by Armour and Wall-street operators
were the feature of the market- Cotton weakened
because Liverpool did not respond to the American
Wall street has gained enormously in power during
the past year or two. Formerly it was merely the
center of "stock gambling; then it became more solid
and was the nucleus of the financial operations of the
country; now it is the overshadowing pivot on which
the great bulk of American business turns. Still
more, it has become a haven of refuge for those Euro
pean bourses which are hard up for funds. During
the past year it has loaned money to England, France,
Germany. Russia, Sweden and Mexico. Indeed, it
has become so bound up with these countries in a
financial way that financiers like Henry Clews are
beginning to question whether this European expan
sion has not been overdone. Time alone will teiL
At present everything seems to be flourishing in the
street. Stocks have lately been very active, and the
demand for first-class bonds for investment shows no
abatement This activity has been stimulated by the
prowing ease of the money market, due more or less
to the return of funds from the interior. At the same
time the London market has been growing stringent
and has been leaning upon Wall street more or .less
for assistance. We may have to ship gold there to
ease that situation, and have a certain quantity which
can be spared for that purpose without unduly harden
ing our own market. Financiers, however, are apt to
look askance at exports of. gold, even when it is. bor
rowed from us.
WALL STREET THE PRESENT MAIN
SPRING.
The triple-screw system appears to have
had. its day in the American navy, as
no vessels have been built since the Co
lumbia and Minneapolis in 1802-93. None
of the five battleships, six armored cruis
ers and 1 * three protected cruisers are to
be fitted with triple screws, and while
no reason has been published for this set
back to Mr. Melville's pet hobby, it is to
be assumed that the increase In weight
and space and the additional engine room
force overcome tha advantage which the
system is claimed to possess. On the
other hand. France. Germany and Russia
are • favorable toward ; triple screws, and
In the first named navy eight battleships,
sixteen armored cruisers and three pro
tected cruisers are either built or • under
construction, with three screws. .Russia
has two battleships and three armored
cruisers of that- class and Germany has
six .battleships, three armored cruisers
and six, protected cruisers thus fitted. Of
the flatter two are of only/ 5650 tons dis
placement, whereas , the American cruis
ers are 7350 "tons.. ./,,'. i . ; . . . ,'
* ]•¦-'¦*
Liquia fuel as a substitute. for coal Is
apparently not looked upon with favor in
the British and United States navies, and
an unfavorable report has been made by
our naval engineers against using petro
leum on the torpedo-boats. Yet this
liquid fuel is used with success In a num
ber of merchant steamers and on naval
vessels of France, Germany "and Russia,
The French flagship oh tho China station
uses It . almost exclusively, and the Ger
man battleship Brandenburg and cruiser
Fuerst Bismarck are likewise using
liquid fuel. Several Russian battleships
have furnaces to burn either coal or
petroleum, the grates oi which can be
changed for either purpose in three hours.
The price of Cardiff coal at Singapore is
at the present time about $14 a ton, while
liquid fuel Is only $6 per ton, with a rela
tive steam-raising power of 23 to 30 in fa
vor of the latter. It is not alone that
liquid fuel is cheaper and better for
steaming purposes, but its use dispenses
with the large fireman force, which lat-
I ter item saves a large expense and re
lieves the boiler room of its terror when
| cruising in tropical waters.
• • •
The Novik, a Russian cruiser recently
launched at Elbing. Germany, Is a re
markable vessel In that she. Is reallv a
large torpedo-boat destroyer. The growth
of this type of war vessel, beginning with
the torpedo-boat Lightning *n 1S77. of 27
tons, 460 horsepower and 19 knots speed,
has Increased until the larger boats de
nominated torpedo-boat destroyers have
reached 360 tons, 8000 horsepower and 32
knots. Now Russia comes with a boat of
the torpedo-boat type of 3000 tons, 17,000
horsepower and a speed of 25 knots. The
Novik is 361 feet in length. 39 feet 4 inches
beam and 19 feet draught, which makes
her displacement coefficient— as fine as
.40 L,,B. D. She has two submerged tor
pedo tubes on each side and one In the
bow and stern. The battery consists of
six 4.7-lnch quick-firing, eight 3-pounders
and two Maxims. The conning tower Is
of three-inch Krupp steel, and the pro
tective deck, also of Krupp steel, is two
, Inches thick.
the former" is inferior. In the event of a
fight and defeat the Russian officers are
said to have asserted that they would
blow their ships up 'rather than to fall
in the hands of the Japanese, as the Rus
sian crews believe they would be tortured
by the Japs. As for the Japanese, they
have a standing order for naval battles
to the effect that if any of their ships
hoist the white flag her consorts are to
sink her. With such a mutual hatred a
sea fight would be sure to be not alone
to a dead finish, but also furnish valu
able lessons as to the practical utility of
many contrivances as yet unsatisfac
torily tested.
• • •
No one can think of new houses and art
treasures without Immediately referring
to the possibilities of the new home soon
to be ready for Mr. and Mrs. James Flood.
Mrs. Flood Is intensely interested in her
new home, and more than anxious to get
into It. She declares that unlike the
homes of most of our other millionaires,
her doors will never be boarded up.
"When I once get into our new home,"
Mrs. Flood said the other day, "I shall
ne\er pack my things again. I have
traveled enough, and I now mean to en
joy my home."
Mrs. Flood was the guest of honor at a
delightful small gathering given by Wln-
• • •
Everybody Is raving over the gorgeous
tapestries Mrs. William Irwln has brought
from the Gobelin looms to beautify the
?umptuous rooms, of the mansion now in
process of construction for her. These
tapestries are only a small item of the
magnificent art treasures Mrs. Irwin
gathered up during her European tour,
and no one need hesitate to claim that
whfn the Irwln mansion is complete there
won't be a more handsomely furnished
house in this city of bautiful and artistic
homes.
Mrs. Irwln leaves shortly for New Or
leans where she will witness- the Mardl
Gras festivities. From the Southern city
she goes on to New York -and will then
return and occupy the new house.
what their duties are while In such at
tendance. Any authoritative explanation
will be gratefully received.
Among- the prominent club * . -i who
have contributed to the maga... .» • j Mrs.
C. J. Fox. Mrs. M. E. Irvine. Mrs. M. E-
Donsman and Miss Mabel Adams Ayr.
Miss Ayer's contribution, a dainty poem,
entitled "To Beauty." is of a high order of
merit, and has by lta excellence surprised
even Miss Ayer's most ardent admirers.
The magazine has kep-t on improvtns
since the first Issue, and the latest, the
eighth number, Is the best yet offered.
The club women of this city are ex
tremely Interested in the "California
Club Woman," a magazine published in
Southern California, and, devoted to the
Interest of all the women's clubs through
out the State.
During the stay In New York Mrs.
Tevls will see much of her mother. Mrs.
Pacheco, who Is again busy turning out
new and clever comedies.
Mr. and Mrs, TVlll Tevia are at Cor
onado. After a short stay at the south
ern watering place they will jro to New
York, taking with them charm'.ns Flor
ence Brecklnrldge. Miss Breckinridg^.
who, on account of death In her family,
did not make her entree Into society thl3
winter, is devotlns herself more than ever
to music. Miss Breckinrldpe enjoys the
distinction of being the finest pianiste of
the swell set- - .
• " . • --:•'•
flold Jones last week. Besides isrreetinir
Mrs. Flood, Mr. Jones' puest3 had the
pood fortune to meet their host'3 niece.
Miss Page-Jones, a piquant miss from
Alabama.
Under such circumstances Galveston meets the new
century without forebodings, and the News closes the
greetings of the season with the words: "We are
well on with the rehabilitation of the city. We have
been greatly helped to do the work, and confident o f
the continued and unfailing sympathy of our fellow
men, we feel that we shall not falter until the work b
well done." ',
i, •¦-.«•¦ '-¦ ¦'¦ » *' "
Since the storm the News estimates that something
like $2,000,000 has been expended in repairing and
restoring buildings. It sa'ys $400,000 was appropriated
to aid destitute people who had formerly owned
homes in repairing the damage to their houses or in
building new ones. More than a thousand cottages
have been erected through that assistance, and the
housing problem is therefore pretty nearly solved.
A complete study of the losses caused by the storm
shows that the damage amounted to about $17,058,275.
The largest losses were in residences and in househo'd
effects. These are placed at something more than
$8,400,000. The next heaviest loss was in the property
of the United States, Government, the damage to
which is estimated at $3,155,000. The relief contribu
tions in money are ?aid to have aggregated the sum
of $1,200,000, and in addition there were received co">
tributions in food, clothing and other supplies value]
THE REVIVAL OF GfiLVESTON
S~~** ALVESTON, i^s we learn from the News of
( ~~I that city, "wishing a kind and generous wo'ld
' a happy new century, plunges into a new era
of great promise, filled with life and hope and pur
pose." The News goes on to say: "Sorely stricken,
terribly devastated but a few months ago. Galveston
has by the exertion of her 'own people.' supported by
the sympathy and substantial assistance of the world,
risen to her feet, and. though bearing the scars of the
ordeal through which she passed, has resumed her
place in the phalanx of progress."
Those strong words of courage and hopefulness
will be read with gratification throughout the coun
tiy. Those \yho were most liberal in contributing
tc assist Galveston were after all those who had mo«t
confidence in the ability and the determination of lv:r
people to help themselves. It is therefore cheering
I.-: know that the confidence was not misplaced, an t
that the city is to furnish another illustration of the
indomitable energy and enterprise of American com
munities. •
No valid objection upon any ground whatever can
be made to the adoption of the resolutions. Califor
nia ought to take the lead in the national movement
for forest preservation, and to that end her Senate
and Assembly should spe^k for her in urging the work
upon the national Government. When the, reso'u
ttohs are submitted they should be adopted unani
mously. Thr.t much, at least, the people have a right
io expect from their representatives.
The resolutions, after setting forth the wasteful
manner in which our forests are being treated, an-J
the possibility of so conserving them as to render
them .productive and profitable for all time to come,
urges "an appropriation by Congress of money to be
expended in the accomplishments of the objects aimed
at in the preamble" and "instructs our Senators and
Representatives to use their best efforts to accomplish
the purposes recommended." .
FOREST > RESERVATION.
] — \ESOLUTIONS drawn up by the California
\~\ Club urging upon Congress immediate action
• for the preservation of our forests are to be
submitted to the Legislature. There should be needed
no argument to sustain the resolutions, nor to procure
for them the unanimous approval of both houses. Tne
issue is one which has been presented to the pcopl;
over and over again, and all who take an intelligent
interest in large questions affecting the public welfare
are familiar with the importance of the subject.
The Japanese battleship Hatsuse. built
at Hlswlck. made a short trial last month. ,
averaging over 19 knots (during three I
•hour? with about ' 15.000 horsepower.
: ¦ . • • • •
Hav.thorno. Leslie & Co.. at Newcastle
on-Tyne. have contracts for the engine.*
for three armored cruisers of the Kent)
tvpe. They are to develop 22.000 horse
power and will cost about $U0WMO for
i each ship, or at the rate of $o0 per horse
power. # ,;--.;
Portsmouth, at which the most impor
tant naval depot and dockyard of Great
Britain is located. Is Paid to be full of
foreign spies, of which many are women.
The recent mysterious disappearance of
two navy signal books has been laid first
to a Japanese and later to a Russian lady
who visits Portsmouth at intervals.
• • •
The British battleship Albion has. after
long delay, passed through the first of
her series of four trials. It being a coal
consumption trial of thirty hours under
one-fifth power. The ship waa down to
her load draught of 26*4 feet. The engines
developed 2772 horsepower, giving a speed
Of 11.2 knots with a coal consumption of
2.17 poun" per unit of horsepower. .
• ? * ,'-¦¦•' '- > * ¦-".•'¦
The water-tube boiler which qfeets with
most favor in the German navy Is that
known as the Schulz boiler. According to
a recent 'statement made by Thornycroft.
the noted, English builder of fast tprpedo
crafts his company Is Joint owner In the
German boiler, which will henceforth be
denominated as the Thornycroft-Schulz
boiler.
Three armored cruisers^VlttdfldTEman
uele III and Reglna Ellena-have been
laid down In Italian dockyards. , They are
of 12,625 tons, 20,000 horsepower and 22
knots speed. Their armament, consists of
two 12-inch, twelve 8-lnch quick flrers.
twelve 3-pounders and [, two submerged
torpedo tubes. The armor belt and tur
rets/will be 10 Inches, the bulkheads 8
inches and the 8-inch gun protection^
Inches. The normal coal supply is 1000
tons and the bunker capacity Is 2000 tona.
¦ ¦ •¦¦•¦ • •_• ¦ ¦ '
The British cruiser Diadem, of 11.000 tans
and 16,500 horsepower, was boarded last
month by the Pa filament. Boiler Commit
tee and taken to sea for a thorough test
under service conditions.. The trial was
for twenty-four consecutive hours, during
' which the speed averaged 18 knots, which
was' considered satisfactory. The initial
trial of eight hours, made during. the
summer of 1898, gave 17.262 horsepower and
< 20.65-kr.ot speed, but the ship was light by
about one foot. -^ #
The latest naval programme of Italy Is
to expend 389,000,000 lira* (about $77,800,000)
between 1901-1912 upon the building of new
and the reconstruction of old ships. The
expenditure is to be distributed asfol
• lows:
Nineteen hundred and one to 1904. $40,
* 600,000 for work in hand, five armorclads of
10,000 tons,* each one to cost J4.20O.O00;'; six
te::i torpedo-boat destroyers, two auxil
• lary vessels and reconstruction of the
, Italia and Lepanto, built years
.<¦ ago.'-.' '": ' '.: ¦-
' Between ' 1905-1909. six armorclads are to
be built, two auxiliary vessels and eleven
torpedo ' boats, and r during 1910-1912, '. $15,
400,000 is -.to. be 'expended ; to- replace -obso-
U lete vessels, v " , -¦-<¦
A London Chronicle, special gives a re
sume'of the Russiantand 'Japanese naval
forces', and I sums it up I that [ ship for, ship
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS
THE, Century Club has stirred up
all the' men. The ladles are pre
paring to enjoy themselves through
the medium of a mock sensational
trial, and the men. interested as
/they never have been before In
woman club matters, are dropping into
the colloquial -and asking, "Wouldn't it
Jar you?"
It was a man who first. told me what the
club women were, doing. "Going to have
a mock trial." ; said he. "and try i one of
t their members for the atrocious ofTense
of having smuggled a "man within the
sacred precincts of the club."
"Awful," 'said I.
! "Prerjosterous," said he. "As If you
couldjhire a man to go there." And that
is what every man I met. during the week
said.only. some expressed themselves more
:— picturesquely: and then, of course,
begged my; pardon. ' /;
-The wrath of/ the men Is not, however,
worrying. the- -ladles;! who are : going on
with their preparations for the great trial.
Mrs v Gamble. T understand, is j the lady
who' is to.be tried by the club women.' and
Mrs. Kaufman is to be one of the Portla3
of'the occasion. .-¦*"-. . ' .' -.
I'd give anything to be present at that
trial. I consider that It^offerSjSumagnlfl
cent new field for the , defendants" coun
sel, and oh. what a'-Cwondrous^oppor
tunity for. the prosecutor^"' Won't" she be
able to score the "men.^f .'I am
able to get her ¦ closing 'adflPess- to the
jury I shall nrint It-in full. * -v i V
In the meantime I *'*lVij^.iVheCT&n to
take the i, matter.' phllo*33'pjhLlcj4nyX^ They
consider it rather a slur; IVkiiAw! but then
excitement is bad for neckwear.'"and real
lv there was not one man that I spoke to
about the trial that didn't look as though
tho thermometer was registering 110 in the
shade.
• • "•¦ • ¦ . ; .
Isn't it just too joyful!. $
' The population of New York Is nearly
ten times that of San Kraneisco. yet n
the Empire City there are only 15ft swells
while we can boast of 250. That we ar»
100 ahead of New York is no dream of
mine. . I have statistics to prove It. At
tho last swell gathering in New York the
names of those present were, flashed all
over the world, and they were just 150
in number. On Wednesday night at the
ball given by the Burlingame ladles
covers were -laid for the supper which
follow, for 250. Now, am I not right 7
When you come to think of if, 2T-0
is not at all bad. We are only a little
over. fifty years old and we have a quar
ter of a thousand people with bank ac-
I counts and 'grandmothers. I predict that
I my convincing figures will take the breath
away from George Gould when he comes
f-:it here shortly with' the Eastern golfers.
The Burlingame ball. I believe, is to be
repeated for his benefit and delight, and
that will give* the New Yorker not only a
chance to taste of our hospitality, but
also to feast his eyes on our • beautiful
women and handsome men.
.. • ' • •
The latest imported mode requires that
tho maid, or valet, as the ca«e may be.
stand jruard behind h«»r mlstross' or her
r>nster"s chair during' the progress of th?
niPHl in a public restaurant. I saw the
fn?hlon in its double variety illustrated
at tho Palace grill the other day. The
illustrators were Lord Thurlow. just over
from England, and Madam Levy, the
erstwhile landlady of the fashionable
Ricbolieu. just back from Paris. Lor-1
Thurlow's man kept watchful eye over
him as he made his fat mutton chops dis
appear, and Madam's maid did the same
for her mistress as she delicately toye 1
with her matutinal chocolate.
While everybody stands ready to declare
t..at the maid or the man at the break
fast table must be the proper thing. I
have not been able to discover exactly
MONDAY. JANUARY 14, 1901
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
AUrest All CcsaBciaeatieM tt W. B. LEAKE. Mwigw. {\
M 4\AGr.R> OFPICB .' l Mephonp_Preii»£M
l'l ULICAT1O> OFFICE. . .MnrViet »nd Third. 9. K.
' Telephone Pre»« 201.
r.niTOniAI. ROOMS 217 to 221 SteTmion St.
Telephone Pre«« 2O2.
OellTcrrd ».^ fnrrt^rm. iti Cent* Per Weefc.
?lncl«- Copleo. 5 Cent«.
Terms by Mall. Including Pontnirej
r>ArLT CALr, rtnclufllns Sunday), one year *«¦<«
r>AILT CALT- <1nelu<Jine Sunday). « months »-<™
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). « months »-W
DAILT CALL— By Single Month ***
fCNDAT CALL. One Tear *•**
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear. 1 - WJ
AH po>itn<>lcr< wre antT«orl«ed to receive
•nhocrlptlonii.
ftLrr.pl* ecp!e« will b« forwarded when requested.
Matl «c»*<T«»r» Jn criei-ln* rhanre of «flflr«"» should **¦
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE "18 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
tfu&gtr rereic* Advertising. JUr$™tt» Building, Chicig*.
cLor.jr I*«ance IVteofcooc "Central "61S.">
KEW TORK COKRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTO.\ Herald Square
KETT TORK REPREEEMTATITE: •
liTEPHES li. SMITH 3« Trlbnae BalldlnK
NEW TORK NEVIS STANDS:
WaJdci-f. Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. Kl Union Square:
Murray HU1 Hctfl.
CHICAGO NKWS 6TANDS:
Sherman Houee: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hctel.
WA.SHI*GTO\ <Tt. C.» OFFICE I4OO G St.. 5. W.
MOHTO\ E. dlAXE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFirES— -EI7 MontBOinery. <"orrw of Clay. open
trot'l t:V» o'clock. 800 Hayee, open until t:*> o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until »:S0 o'clock. €15 Larkln. open until
»:ro c"clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 109« Valencia, open
until t o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. N'W. cor
ner Twer.ty-seecnd and Kentucky, open until » o'clock.
BY SALLY SHARP.
SOCIETY:
MOCK SENSATIONAL TRIAL
FOR CENTURY CLUB
We direct attention to the bill as a matter of inter
est to Californians. We are .'not aware what forces,
if any, are back of it. , The fact'that it; was introduced
by a Representative fromlowa, instead of one from
California* leads to the conclusion that it-has no sup
port in this State. It serves to show, therefore, that
Eastern pcoplehave become^ interested in the preser
vation of the big trees, and that in itself is gratifying.
Before many years are passed the United 'States will
have to take up the question of preserving not only
the big trees of this State but the {forests generally,
and consequently. every new evidence of a willingness
on the part of members of- Congress to co-operate in
legislation to that end is a matter of satisfaction.
The bill is of course designed to protect the' big
trees by making to cut them down or
cut them .up. ;>The commercial ; use of the Sequoia
Gigantea is to be' stooped in the same way that State
banks of issue were stopped by the application of
excessive taxation. r . iyk'^',
due to a pure and disinterested zeal in the good cause
of saving the big trees. .' s - •'•"'¦. '^Vf^
The method he has adopted in making the fight for
the trees is curious. JHe has introduced into Congress
a bill providing: "That from and after the passage>f
this act there shall be levied and collected a tax upon
the manufactured products of the wood of the Sequoia
Gigantea, of big trees/as follows: When such trees arc
cut down there shall be. levied and collected a tax
at the rate of $2 per thousand feet, board measure, to
be scaled as soon as any tree- is felled and cut into
logs; and when one of said logs is cut into lumber or
manufactured in any form there shall be levied and
collected a further tax of $10 per thousand feet, board
measure." •
It is far better for a community to have its lands
cultivated in small farms than in big ranches. It is
better to have one hundred families on forty acres
each than to have one family on 4000 acres. That
being so it is hardly likely the progressive elements
of the people in the southern part of Santa Clara will
favor a scheme that will place them in a county whose
administration will be dominated by the owners of big
rrnches. It will be better for them to pay their frac
tion of the taxes needed to maintain the present
county than to enter upon a new one made up mainly
of uncultivated ranch lands or grazing lands, and
whose revenues will consequently have to be derived
mainly by taxation upon the comparatively small
amount of land that is being thoroughly cultivated.
1=3 ROM' the reports published in The Call yester
[ day of the force back of the movement to create
\ft a new county out of a large portion of Santa
Clara and a part of San Benito, it will be seen we are
likely to have to face a contest of no little magnitude.
Experience. in the county division fights in the past
serves as a basis upon which to estimate the character
likely to be assumed by the present one, and conse
quently we may expect many forms of political in
ttijrue-and jobbery.
Upon the surface of things there- is n6 justification
for the movement. Santa Clara County is not too
l?rge either in territory or in population for a. single
administrative control. " The county seat is easily ac
cessible from every district; and there is -nothing in the
topography of the country to give any particular part
of it an interest distinct from the rest. It is true the
southern part of the county is at present mainly com
posed of large ranches and occupied by dairymen of
cattle-breeders, while the northern part is subdivided
h-to small holdings and cultivated as orchards or
vineyards. Such differences, however, are not going
to continue long. The movement of the fruit. and
vine industry southward in the county is going on all
the time. Already in the southern portion the big
Morgan Hill ranch has been subdivided and sold in
tiacts, most of which vary from five to forty acres.
These lands have been planted as orchards, and it is
rot to be doubted that other large ranches in that
section will be eventually treated in the same way.
DIVISION IN SfiNTfl CLflRf].
TJUJ5 SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1901
MlSS NORMA PRESTON. WHO LEFT RECENTLY FOR A TOUR OF THE
WORLD. ACCOMPANIED BY HER MOTHER, MRS. E. F. PRESTON.
AND HER SISTER. MISS EDITH PRESTOX.
* • •
4
Incandescent light wiring a tpeclalty. Elec-
trical Engineering Co., 603-511 Howard it. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Towcsend'a California glace frutts. 50c a
pound. In flre-etcned boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friend*.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
Choice candles. Townsend's,PaIaea Hotel.*
AMUSEMENTS.
Alharr.bra— '"A Stranger In a Strange Land."
AJcarar— •'Nell Gwynne.' 1
Columbia— -Way Down East."
T1vc>I) — "Cinderella."'
Central Theater— "The -Two Orphans."
California— "A Breezy. Time."
OmhPum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-houee — "Th* Roru«'» Comedy."
Olyropla, corner Mason and I-ddjr rtreets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Tbeater — Vaudeville every alternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple — Benefit performance' for families of
Gla?s Works accident. Thursday, January 17.
M^trrnolltan Terr.rle-Leeture by Rev. Peter C. Yorke.
Thursday evening. February 7.
California Jockey Club <Oakland>— Rareit
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦¦- A : OAT i SEASON ' la promised l at ¦ Hotel • del
Coronado, Coronado, : Cal.. this winter .'with ' a
jolly houseful, an expert golf tournament," meet-"
Ing of field trials club, hunting;, fishing, boat-
Ixle. dancing, etc . . ' . - .1' ¦'.:•., ''.
And Scott's emulsion of cod-
liver oil has done more, in the
26 years of its existence, than
any half-dozen other things, to
make such children.
It keeps them in uninterrupfc
ed health. It is food that
takes hold at once, whenevei
their usual food lets go.
Well (end 70a a little to try, if you like.
BCOTT & BOWNE, 409 Pearl street, New York
is one who grows, without in*
terruption of health, from a
baby up — except- the inevitable
diseases of children.
A HAPPY CHILD
The freshness of woman's complexion
does not depend upon its thickness, al-
though it is more durable when laid on
deep.The new officers of Redwood Circle of
the Women of "Woodcraft were installed
last Tuesday night In- Union Square Hall
by Past Guardian Neighbor Mrs. A. I>.
Stenart, assisted by the captain of the
guard. The very pretty ceremony was
followed by the presentation by the circle
through Dr. McLane of- a handsome gold
badge to the retiring guardian neighbor,
Mrs. M. Wilder, who during her term of
office made a very efficient officer. \Then
followed the presentation of a silver and
glass cake dish to the installing officer by
the clerk, Mrs. Jennie A. Clark. A colla
tion and an hour of speeches and song:
followed the ceremonies of the evening.
The <new guardian neighbor, Mrs.
Schwelnhard, has /with her an active
corps of officers, and it is expected that
under her administration the ; circle will
make good progress. -
Redwood Circle Installs.
It Is definitely known In banking circles
that both Germany and Great Britain
have the issuance of heavy loans in con
templation. Which will be the first an
nounced, however, cannot be learned. It
is doubtful if satisfactory arrangements
can be made to finance any considerable
portion of these loans here. At least the
arrangements that can be made. It is re
ported, are not as favorable as -those
made when the £10,000,000 British ex
chequer loan and the 80,000,000 marks Im
perial German treasury loan were orga
nized. The German Government, it Is un
derstood, has sounded American financiers
through their Berlin correspondents on
the prospect of placing a portion of the
contemplated loan here, but has found
that conditions were not highly favorable.
The German loan could be placed In that
country on better terms than here.
NEW TORK, Jan. 13.— The announce
ment was made In Wall street Saturday
of the authorization by the kingdom of
Saxony of a new 3 per cent loan for 80,000,
000 marks, equivalent to about $20,000,000.
It Is expected that subscriptions -toward
this loan will" be received in this city in
much the same manner as In the case of
the Bavarian loan, offered last week. It
is the opinion of foreign bankers that the
Imperial German Government has decided
to withhold its own national loan, stated
to be for 600,000,000 marks, or $140,000,000,
until the various States of the Govern
ment have made their negotiations. In
quick succession have been offered loans
of the free city of Hamburg, the kingdom
of Bavaria and now the kingdom of Sax
ony.
Subscription of Bonds Will
Be Offered in New
York City.
SAXONY DESIRES
A HEAVY LOAN
The officers of Colonel O. F. Long Garri
son No. 101, Regular and Volunteer Army
and Navy Union, were' Installed in public
last Tuesday night In the social hall of
the Alcazar building by A. R. Holzheid
national installing officer, and J. Lansen
derfer, national officer of the day. The
new officers are: R, L. Deverel, C.; Hennr
Murray, S. V.; W. F. Oesterisch, J. V?
J. Trebell, chaplain; E. M. Stamm, A •
Harry F. Walsh, Q. M.; A. R. Holzheid!
P.; Henry Miller, O. of D.; George Mollta!
O. of G.; James * Furgeson, O. of W.;- Pe
ter Kenny, trustee for three years; C. N.
Jansen, trustee for two years; " Charles
Hermann, A. L G. The Installation cere
monies were folio-wed by a dance and a
collation to the members and the Invited
guesta, who flU«fl the large hall.
Colonel O. F. Long Garrison.
Pickwick , Lodge of the Sons of St.
George had a-housewarmlng on the night
of the 7th Inst. on the occasion of. moving
into new quarters In the Red Men's build
ing. After the disposition of formal busi
ness the doors were opened to strangers.
They were addressed by the worthy presi
dent, ,who presented cogent reasons why
they should have their names on. the roll
of membership. This was followed by
the following programme of entertain
ment: Mr. Coates sang "Sailing" and for
an encore favored with "Our Jack's Come
Home from Sea," J. B. Brown ren
dered "Beautiful Isle . of the Sea" * and
"Hearts of Oak" In splendid style. Mr.
Prior brought down the house with "Mo-
Cafferty's Feet" -%and responded to two
encores. Digby Johnson told an amusing
anecdote of a London fog. Mr. Williamson
sang "The Red Scarf" and "Thy Sentinel"
In his usually masterly style. Then-fol
lowed the presentation by Richard Wilson
to 'the lodge of a very fine" portrait of
Field Marshal Lord Roberts, the work of
George Rosewell, an artist member of the
lodge. After that there was a supper, at
the close of which: Dr. Abbott sang '.'The
Midshlpmite" and . "The Tar's Farewell"
and Mr. Carlos sang "Asleep in the Deep."
The contributions which* closed, the even-
Ing's < entertainment ¦ were, as < were • the
other ¦ numbers, vigorously applauded. ;
Sons of St. Oeorge.
Last Monday night the following offi
cers of Aurora Lodge of the Knights and
Ladles of Honor were Installed In public
by District Deputy Wolff, assisted by
Frances J. Williams as grand guide: Car
rie Blackmore, P.; Sarah 'Davidson, V. P •
Llllie B. Holcomb. R, 8.; Lizzie A- Rapp,
F. S.: Dr. A. B. Cook. T.; Ellen McKevftt,
C; Emma Sunberg. O.; George Sorenson,
I. G., and Dora Mucha, sentinel. After
the installation there were short addresses
by Grand Protector Whltton, Grand Sec
retary Qultzow and several others, after
which there was a collation and an even-
Ing of entertainment. ' • ; ¦
The other lodges will be Installed on the
following dates: Yerba Buena, January
8; Star, 10; West End, 17; Oakland. 22;
Bay City, 22; Pacific, 23, and Martha, 25.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
SOTJTHEBN BASEBALL.
Taylor Pitches Another Bemarkable
Game for. the San Diego Team.
"SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 13.— San Ber
nardino defeated the Levys in a game of
baseball this afternoon by a score of 6 to
L, In the' eighth Inning Bevllle made a
wild throw to first base and the ball was
lost in the grass until after the runner
reached the home plate. This resulted In
the only run- for the Levys In the game.
In the first Inning, with twa men on bases,
Steinfelt made a wild throw to first, let
ting two men in. Score:
Clubs- .^ R- H. E
Levys » • 3
San Bernardino • • . .9 1
Batteries— Iburg and -Logan;' Bevllle and
Mangerina. . Umpire— Thurman. .. ,
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 13.— Taylor was in
vincible to-day. A base on balls, a sacri
fice and two passed balls gave the Maier
& Zobeleln team its only ,; run. Lelande
dropped a fly ball in the first lr.nlng after
two men were out, allowing San' Diego
two runs and the game. Score:
Clubs— ; R. H. E
San Diego .; .2 7. 3
Malerfc Zobeleln .................. 1 S 2
' Batteries— Taylor "and Mangerina; Babbitt
and Adams. Umpire— Earley.
One of the Pope's Loves.
The s Pope Is a real lover . of , flowers.
When he • allows himself some recreation
(and this is generally when his physician
has ordered rest), he. spends the time. If
possible, in the; Vatican gardens. With
?entle touch he will raise the blossoms
or : inspection, ¦ remove dead . petals or
leaves, almost « caressing ,-" his favorite
f>lants, before which he often stands' in
engthy contemplation.— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
Last Thursday night the officers of Red
wood Camp were Installed in Pioneer Hall
In the presence of an attendance that
filled every chair in the large hall. The
new officers, under good of the order,
promised to work to the end that the camp
shall add to Its membership during the
current term In a manner that will aston
ish the other local camps and let the head
camp officers see that Redwood is In the
field of fraternalism and active.
The officers of Western Addition Camp
were installed last Tuesday night in the
presence of a large number of persons,
and at the close of the work of the ses
sion there was an open meeting and a
grand entertainment for members and vis
itors.
The officers of Richmond Camp .have
been Installed by State Organizer Temple,
assisted by Deputy State Organizer Trim
ble. The new officers are: H. A- Nie
meyer, P. C. C: J. F. Ball, C. C; W. B.
Nye. L. A.; D. L. Fitzgerald. B.; W. H:
Greene, B.; W. C. Leffingwell.W. ; M. Neu
man, G.; J. Boca and L. H. d© Curtois,
managers. A smoker followed, during
which there were songs, instrumental se
lections, coon specialties and stereoptlcon
views, contributed by C. H. Livingston,
H. G. Ball, Large and Markey, J. F. Ball,
I*rofessor Graeber's Mandolin Club, M.
Windsor, "W. P. Johnson and M. Morrison-
Deputy Organizer Fennlman made re
marks for the good of the order, and then
Deputy Organizer Trimble presented an
emblematic badge of his rank to the re
tiring consul commander. H. A. Nie
meyer.
"Woodmen of the World.
The officers of Buena Vista Parlor were
Installed In public last Thursday night in
the Shasta Hall of the Native Sons' build
ing in the presence of a large number of
the friends of the members. Mrs. Agnes
Lunstedt was the Installing officer and she
was assisted by Mrs. Angus McKay as
marshal and Mrs. C. F. Kapp as past
president.- Those who have assumed high
and responsible positions are: Annie Bet
towskl. president; Alice Ticoulet, . Anna
Anderson and Corine Frechette, vice
presidents; Mrs: H. M. Greene, recording
secretary; Mrs. Mamie Fanch (nee Wells),
financial secretary; Gussie Kenyan, mar
shal; Geonrie McCormick, treasurer; Mol
lie Long, Nellie Carr and Fannie Qulnlan,
trustees: Drs. Sprague, Bertola, De la
Fontaine and Ward, physicians. After
the ceremony, performed by Mrs. Lun
stedt, D. D. G. P., with that degree of
perfectness that has marked her previous
installations, there was the presentation
of a diamond solitaire ring to the retiring
president. Emma Benning. and then an
address by Grard Vice President Mrs.
Genevieve Baker. The hall was prettily
decorated, the officers who were installed
were very tastily dressed, all of them
handsome, and the effect during the cere
mony was very pleasing to the eye.
District Deputy Grand President Mrs.
Emma Thierbach. assisted by a full corps
of officers, has Installed the following
named as the officers of Alta Parlor of the
Native Daughters of the Golden "West:
Anna Brown, president: Agnes ! Kan-en,
Mrs. J. 8. Noonan and Lizzie Sullivan,
vice presidents; Clara Faulkner, record
ing secretary; Mary Noonan, financial
secretary; Sarah Bracket!, marshal; Mary
Perkins, Inside sentinel; Mary Napthaly,
outside sentinel; Ida Kervan, Eliza D.
Keith and Mary Miller, trustees, and
Sadie Moyce, organist- Dr. Mariana Ber
tola and Dr. Mary Kroetz were elected
physicians of the parlor. At the close of
the Installation a diamond solitaire, set
In a ring, was presented by the parlor to
Miss Mamie McCarthy, the retiring presi
dent, after which Mrs. Fannie de Roos,
as an Individual mark of affection, -pre
sented Miss McCarthy an elongated silk
and lace pin cushion, on which is painted
a garland of forget-me-nots. A bunch of
carnations was presented to the Installing
deputy for the parlor by Its orator, Mrs.
Rebekah Kemp Van Ee, after which a
collation was served in commemoration, of
the event of the evening.
The festival that was given by Orlnda
Parlor on the night of the 8th inst was a
delightful affair. It was the . delayed
Christmas festival and snowball party,
but it was just as enjoyable as It It had
taken place at Tuletlde. Under the direc
tion of the committee of arrangements,
of which Emma Foley was the chairman,
there was an evening of great enjoyment
for all, particularly in snowballing time.
A number of presents were distributed to
the children and then there was a pro
gramme of dances.
Oro Flno Parlor has completed all Its
arrangements for the • social hop to be
given in Red Men's Hall on the night of
next Friday. The officers of this parlor
will be Installed In public on Tuesday
next.
In Native Daughter Parlors.
his night clothes catching fire, h« plunged
Into the room and grouped about in the
stifling smoke until he found the woman's
bed. By half dragging and half carry-
Ing he managed to convey her to the ad-
Joining room. The other inmates of the
house, . who had been aroused by the
commotion, did all in their power to re
lieve the agonies of the sufferer until the
arrival of a physician.
In tho meantime an alarm had been
rung In and the flre was extinguished by
the department without doing any further
damage. .
WOODLAND, Jan. 13.— The frtilt Indus
try of Capay Valley la rapidly growing i n
Importance and promises soon to become
the leading one of "Western Tolo County.
In order to obtain an approximately cor
rect estimate of the fruit output of Capay
Valley It Is only necessary to multiply by
two the shipments from Gulnda and the
Etock Etlll In the hands of the producers,
who make that place their shipping point.
A reliable authority estimates that 100.000
pounds of dried fruit In that vicinity, or
200,000 pounds In the entire valley, have
not yet been eold. The fruit shipments
from Gulnda during tho season of 1900
were as follows:
Green Fruit— Ponnds.
Cherries 2,849
Peaches „., 153.089
Plums _ M3.C7»
Grapes _ 6S.SJ25
Apricot* _ _ 95,650
Prunes S 262,210
Petrs 60.700
Apple* 310
Total 1.K2.313
r>ried Fruit— Pounds.
Prunes 191.806
Figs .._ 680
Apricots and peaches 460,121
Almonds 195.040
Raisins SOS
Total shipped 143,292
On hand '. 100.000
Grand total Z.S1A.604
This does not Include citrus fruits. Of
course, most of the orange orchards are
young and unproductive as yet. T: D.-
Morrln has three acres of orange trees,
and most of them are six years old. T. S.
Spanlding has already handled 100 boxes
and expects to handle at least 100 more.
They are the equal In every respect of the
best of Orovllle and Los Angeles oranges
yet ssen In the Woodland market. From
the foregoing statistics it Is apparent that
the entire fruit output of Capay Valley
last season was 261 carloads.
Promises to Become Lead
ing One of Western
Yolo.
FRUIT INDUSTRY
OF CAPAY VALLEY
yesterday morning', supposedly from a.
fracture of the ekull believed to have
been sustained by falling out of bed.
Fleming roomed at 120 Jones street and
for Eome weeks had been under the care
of doctors. About six weeks a§ro he sus
tained a eovere fall, while at work, and
lacerated his scalp, which required a num
ber of eursical stitches. Although com
plaining' of severe headaches, Fleming:
¦was able to work until ten days ajro. when
he called ujwn E>r. M. Newman and com
plained of 6tomach trouble. Dr. Newman
atended Fleming for Internal complaint,
but Flerslns: did not tell the doctor that
there was axLythirig else tha matter with,
blm.
Yesterday morning Mrs. C. R. Bealea,
with whom Fleming resided, was told by
another of the lodgers that Fleming was
evidently very sick, as groans were heard
coming from his room. Mrs. Beales and
one of the lodgers went to Fleming's
room and found him lying unconscious on
the floor. His head lay near the edge of
en iron-bound trunk and It Is thought
that, while trying to get out of bed. Flem
ing was overcome bv fllzrlness and fell
to the floor, fracturing his skull.
Mrs. Beales at once sent for Dr. New
man, who ordered that he injured man be
taken to the Receiving Hospital. Police
Officr Wratten was notified and Fleming
was taken in the patrol wagt5n to the hos
pital, where he died. The body was re
moved to the Morgue In order that an
autopsy mifirht be held.
An autopsy performed by Dr. Leland
last right Bhcrwed that Fleming's death
was t\z* tn a complication of diseases.
W. B. Fleming, a Painter.
Dies From Injury at City
Receiving Hospital.
?
W. R Reining, a painter, K> years of
age. died at the City Receiving Hospital
FALL FROM BED
FRACTURES SKULL
BRAVE MAN WHO • RESCUED
AGED INVALID FROM DEATH
BY FIRE.
At the outset of the game each team
got a clang from the bell. Then the game
moved along In unsoundlng rhythm until
the eventful seventh. When the Nobles
had finished this round seven of their
men had crossed the plate. This feast of
run-getting was not due to any pyrotech
nlcal display on the part of the Nobles,
but rank fielding by the stormswept
"Straits." WJien the tale was told, John
son, Schwartz. Carroll, Bulger, D. Shea,
Walters and Wright had runs registered
against their names. In the eighth Inning
the Nobles added another run to their
list. Fifteen errors will tell how the Gold
' en Gates behaved during- the game. The
score: " '
NOBLES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
¦Walters, r. f 5 10 10 0 0
Wrlsht. c. f 5 2 3 0 10 0
Johnson, lb 21 0 0 12 1 1
Barry, 1. f. 6 0 0 2 3 0 0
Schwartz. 2b 5 2 2 1 S 3 1
Carroll, a. ¦ 4 l v 0 ID S 2 1
Bulgrer. 3b 5 1 1 0 1,4.0
D. Shea, c S 1 0 1 3 0 0
J. Shea, p 5.000060.
Total* S9 9 5 5 27 15 S
GOLDEN GATES.
AB.' B, BH. SB. PO. A. E.
'Clynes. 1. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 2
Sylva, s. s 4 0 10 2 12
Thomas. Sb ...4 10 12 8 3
Waterbury. c. f 4 0 1 0 10 1
Ayden, r. f .4 0 1 0 0 0 1
Mitchell, 2b 3 0 0 0 2.3 0
Peralta, c 3 0 0 0 4 12
Carroll, lb 8 0 0 0 10 0 3
MeMenomy. p 3 0 0 0 0 11
Totals .....82 1 8 1 24 14 15
HUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. ¦
Nobles 1 0 0 0 0 0. 7 1. *— 9
Base hits 10001021 •— t.
! Golden Gates 1. 0 000000 0—1
Base hits 200 10000 0—3
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit — Wright. First base on errors
—Nobles 8, Golden Gates 1. First base on
called balls— Nobles 6. Left on bases— Nobles
11, Golden Gates 4. Struck out— By J. Shea 2,
by McMenomy I. Double play— Peralta to Car
roll. Passed balls — Peralta 2. Time of game —
1:30. Umpire — Tim ! Shanahan. Official scorer—
J. W. Stapleton. •
After fix Innings of close and excellent
ball playing, the Golden Gates went to
pieces on the Recreation ETOunds yester
day afternoon and the Nobles in the last
half of the seventh Inning clinched. a vic
tory beyond the assailing power of their
opponents' sticks.
Nobles Win an Easy Victory
in a Single Inning
at Bat.
ERROR BUNCHING
LOST THE GAME
MRS. ANNIE M. MILLICAN, an
aged Invalid, who resides on
Taylor street, opposite the Bella
Vista Hotel, In a boarding-house
conducted by Mrs. Darling, was
rescued yesterday at 3 a. m. through
the bravery of Hugh Williamson from the
terrible fate of being slowly cremated in
her own bed. The rescue was effected
none too soon, for In a few moments
longer the unfortunate woman would
have been beyond the- . need of human
assistance. She was already on the verge
of collapse. The flames had reached and
scorched one slde\of her body in a fright
ful manner. Th« room was filled with
suffocating smoke and the bedclothes
were a mass of flames. The danger in
curred while attempting the rescue and
the daring manner In which It was accom
plished stamps Williamson as a tru» hero.
The unfortunate 'woman, who was a con
firmed Invalid and unable to assist her
self, had a candle burning In her room
during the night In some unknown
manner the candle came in contact with
the bedclothes and Ignited them. Mrs.
Milliean was either too weak or too ter
ror-strlcken to make an outcry, but rolled
away from the flames as far as possible
and watched them burning" their way
toward her. When they finally reached
her she uttered deep groans, which con
tinued for fully a quarter of an hour be
fore they attracted the attention of the
landlady, who got up to Investigate their
cause. Her screams when she discovered
the fire aroused Williamson. Without a
moment's- hesitation or without thinking
of the danger of being himself burned' by
IN that "Little Church Around tht
Corner." the New Tork Oretna. Green
of many a couple from the profes
sional stage. Frank H. Seaward and
Sadie Johnsen. both cf this city, were
married on December 26. 1900. Out in the
Mission the young cour-'e :;ved ioT naanv
years and the bent of their inclinations
tending the same way they were frequent
ly thrown Into each cti.er's company.
Miss Johnspn, whose parents reside at
S653 Seventeenth etreet, early developed
& talent for vaudeville -and after a. brief
course of hMtmcttoB went Last, where
ehe secured a place with Irvine's vaude
,'. Seaward ' hiA a double Came, dramatic
and amatcry, ar.d sooa followed the Mis-
. . . T - - t i • ' ?,,i..«..»..t mm t-i -i ¦¦; ¦¦: -i
e!on girl whom he had met In many an
amateur performance out in the Warm
Belt. He sought to earn distinction In
the same line and then decided that a
team, particularly In vaudeville, wo 8
Btronger than a single performer, bo he
hied himself East, pressed his attentions
and marrlaee was the result. ¦- •
On the morning" foilowing Christmas a
number of professional associates of the
young couple met and witnessed the al
ways interesting ceremony. The bride, of
course, looked charming- and her lady
friends, members of the same*company
supported her through the tryln*
ordeal. Now the Seawards are winning
laurels wherever they show and are look
ing forward with anxious feelings to their
return to this city, where they expect to
repeat the successes they have met with
in the great Eastern field.
YOUNG COUPLE, FORMERLY RESIDENTS OF THE MISSION. WHO
WENT UPON THE VAUDEVILLE STAGE IN NEW YORK CITY AND
THEN DECIDED TO BECOME A TEAM FOR LIFE. &**-•
MISSION LOVERS
WED IN NEW YORK
Sadie Johnsen and Frank Seaward,
Vaudeville Artists, Marry.
""We students of and believers in
Theosophy," said Charlea W. Leadbeater
of England, concluding a lecture on "The
Unseen World," delivered at Odd Fel
lows' Hall last night, "find that there !«<
no heaven far away beyond the stars, nor
Is there any vague, Indescribable hell.
When man passes away from earth he re
mains the same man in the unseen. world
that surrounds us. So far from being the
end, death Is but a step 'from one stage
of existence Into another, leaving man
more fully alive than when' he was
weighed, down by a physical body, lie
remains the same man when relieved of
the physical body as you do when -you
take off your overcoat. The same great
laws that govern the world we see and
ar» part of, also govern the world we ; do
not see. We find this to be a definite fact,
from research and Investigation. We pre
sent our views and knowledge in a differ
ent way from the various religions; When
you press the religious teacher too far
and ask for an explanation on some per
plexing point, he tells you to believe It
for it is the teaching of the Bible. But
l_eosophy Is based on the teachings of
the Oriental sages and • what they have
taught has been proved and reproved
again and again. We know that the teach
lnrs of these sages are true, for we have
demonstrated for ' ourselves their truth.
You may think us dreamers or halluci
nated, but the least that vou can do If
you are just Is to admit, that we are try
ing to be scientific in our work.
"Cause and effect in the higher plane
of the unseen world axe the same as In
the world we now inhabit. Everything
that comes to man is a result— not as a
reward or a punishment. It comes to him
not by outside adjudication but by natural
law. " The result is of his own 'doing. He
makes his own hell or heaven of life. Hell
Is a blasphemous idea as . generally
preached. The only hell there Is. Is made
by man himself. He makes, bo to speak,
his bed In life and he will have to lie in
it In the unseen world. By his higher and
nobler aspirations he makes a heaven for
himeelf. Life in the higher world Is much
longer and more Important than that here
below. All that we ask of you is to study
the teachings of theosophy. Study and
Investigate, and you will find life easier
to bear and death easier to face."
Professor Leadbeater, in opening his lec
ture, said that the unseen world is per
fectly credible and natural and that It fits
into the world we know and see ©very
day. That we all do not see it, as do tb»
theosophists, he said, la due to the fact
that the latent powers and faculties with
in us have not been developed. Tha Im
pressions we receive are vibrations, but
many million vibrations escape us. WTien
the latent power Is developed we receive
more vibrations and we respond to them,
thus belne: ablo to see many things that
are now closed to our eyes.
'The various religions," said he, "teach
us that the unseen world does exist. Thjy
speak of a heaven far away, but as they
teach It, that heaven seems vague and un
real to the scientific man and ha puts it
aside. Mesmeric and telepathic experi
ments all prove that there are forces
working that are unknown to science.
These forces come from the unseen world
that Is about us. That there are things
within range of our siKht but we ar« un
able to see them has often been shown, by
the camera. The sensitive plate has often
received impressions of objects that were
not visible to the eye. They were close
enough to us. however, to leave the lm
presslon on the plate."
Declares That We Are More -Fully
Alive in the Unseen World
When Relieved of Phy
sical Body.
Professor Leadbcater Says
There Is Neither Hill
Nor Heaven.
DEATH IS ONLY
A STAGE OF LIFE
THE SAN FHANCISCb CALIi, MOJfDAY, JANUARY 14, 1S»l.
RESCUES A WOMAN
FROM THE FLAMES
Hugh Williamson Heroieally Saves Life
of Aged Mrs. Milliean.
5
POSTUM CEBEAX.
THE ORPHKtTM'S BIGGEST SHOW TKT.
. SAM LOCKHART'S
BABY ELEPHANTS!
EUGENE O'ROURKE AND COMPANY.
Billy Link, the Five Olracs. J. F. Crosby Jr..
Inez Forman and Company. th« Willy
Collinls. Joe Santley. Bettlne Gerard.
THE GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRATH.
Reserved Seats. 23c; balcony. 10c; opera, chain
and bcx seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday mod Sunday.
Alf Elllnrhoaae Prop, and Manager
PhoneJJouta 770.
THE GOLDEN BOOM
Stamped With the Seal of Success.
TO-NIGHT at »:15. All This Week. MATDTKH
SATURDAY.
Wa A. Brady and Joseph Grlsmer's Produc-
tion,
Tha New Tork Manhattan Theater Bcreaailng
Comedy Success.
A STRANGER k N
STRANGE LAND
Laughter From Rls* to Fall of Curtain.
FVE 25c. Vic, Me and 7So
MAT 15c. 25c. J5c and 60c
Next Sunday Afternoon. th« Musical Farce-
Comedy. "THE STAB BOARDER."
*TIVOLI*
1H1S WEEK LAST CHANCE to Se« the Bl«
Spectacle.
EVENINGS at S. MATINEE SATURDAT at X.
Next Week— Perfect Production of
"THE FENCING MASTER."
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 cents.
Telephone — Bush 9.
MOROSeO'S
GRAND' OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THIS EVENTNO.
First Tim* Hero of Henry Arthur Jones' Fa-
mous Play,
THE
ROGUE'S COMEDY.
(E. 8. Winard's Ore&t Success.)
PRICES— 10c 15c, 25c, EOc
A TTtrw Front | Rows In Orchestra. 75 Oents.
Good Reserved Seats In Orchestra, at All Mat-
inees, 23 Cants.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
Coming — Bernhardt and CoqnsKn
UULU jgl S3 1 M LEADING THEATRE
SECOND To* ™ost successful production of
txtvvv a PUtoral drama ever aeen here,
g-Sfc "WAY
1%L DOWN
I 0 ™*. EAST."
EXTRA— 2 GRAND CONCERTS.
TO-MORROW (TUESDAY) AND THTTRSDAT
AFTERNOONS.
MDLLE DOLORES (ftSSfiii)
Seats It SO. $1 and 60c Now ready.
THIS MONDAY JN1GHT
. Begins tha
3d and Last Week
FLORENCE ROBERTS
IN THE ADVENTURES OJ 1
NELL GWYNNE
SEATS .'. 15c. 25c, 35c. S0o
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
Next-SWEBTLAVENDER
BE IAS CO amo THALCSy ip riH&
Phone South B33.
NOW THOROUGHLY HEATED WTTH STEAM
Beginning: TO-NIGHT— Er«ry EVgr This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Elaborate- Production of the Most Brilliant
Play of the Century.
The TWO ORPHANS
The Original Union-square Theater Version.
With All the Magnificent Scenery Pre-
pared From the Original Models.
Gorgeous Costumes! Augmented Cast!
DDIPCC Evenings — 10c 15c. 25c. J5c. 50c.
rnlvEO Matm**-— ioc. i3c. 25c.
Theater Now Thoroughly Heated with Steam.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
JOHN W.~WHALEN,
Late of Primrose & Dockstader's Minstrels.
THE GODFREYS. HANLON and SINGER.
DAVE BARTON. ROSE LEE TYLER.
HAL CONLETT. AHERN and PATRICK.
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
AMATEUR NIGBT, THURSDAY.
. Telephone* for Seats— Park XL
COLUMBIA
MINSTREL CO.
BENEFIT PERFORMANCE
— FOR—
Families of Victims of Glass
Works Accident.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
THURSDAY, JANUARY 17th.
TICKETS ON SALE AT ALL CITY NEWS-
PAPER OFFICES.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
A LAUGHING HIT!
The Newest Farce-Comedy Success From N. Y..
SPECIAL! —
Beginning MONDAY NIGHT. January tL
MRS. FISKE— "BECKY SHARP."
Prices— J2. $150. «. 73c, 50c Sale of Mats
begins Thursday morning at t o'clock. No
orders taken by telephone;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BADWAl'S KKADV KEL1KF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years, as a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza. Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pain. 4 Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All druggists.
More than 264,000,000. tons ':¦ of -freight
passed through the Soo Canal this season.
-NABER, ALFS & BRUXE, Agents,
823 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
• BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiaiia Bitters
t* a ' . A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
¦; tor and Nervine. , \
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
I The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. . Sells on Its own merits. .
•>*P)W^ fAINLESS
<'r^ 816% GBART STREET
Between Hyde and Larkln.
. Telephone Polk 1135.
"I finally learned bow to make Postum
bo well by letting it boil long enough that
it tasted as good as fine Java coffee, and
from that time on I have never had any
desire to go back to coffee. I am now
well, and there Is no question but that
my recovery Is due entirely to the Jeav-
lng off of coffee and using Postum Food
Coffee- .__.
"I began to recover very quickly, but
like lots of coffee and tobacco slaves, I
thought I would like to try the coffee
arain, so I started in on it and the old
trouble came on. I stopped again and
•went to Postum and began to Improve in
health. I did this foolish thing three dif-
ferent times, and each time that I would
go back to coffee I would run down In
health and was threatened with the same
old troubles. .
"A friend told me my trouble was cof-
fee; I didn't believe It. but for some rea-
son I concluded to stop drinking coffee
and try the Postum Food Coffee that had
been 6O highly recommended. I was
greatly astonished to find that In a few
days I had no more of the nervous spells
at breakfast and began to eat food of
most any and every kind.
"I wouM frequently have to run to the
door for breath, feeMr.g: as though I would
faint away. I pot co I could scarcely sit
up to eat tty little breakfast. So it went
on until I ran into nervous prostration
completely. Nothing would stay on' my
stomach. I called In physicians, who told
m« I must travel, and gave but little en-
couragement of getting well.
"I knew the coffee was hurting- me, but
I did not seem to be able to take anything
else. Just the minute I took a swallow of
coffee my nerves would be^in to tingle,
a weak, faint sensation would run all
over my body, my wrists burning and
aching, the back of my neck hurting 1 , un-
til it finally got so bad that I would have
to hold my head on my hand while drink-
ing my cup of coffee.
Mrs. J. W. Grant of Deep-water, Mo.,
¦writes Interestingly of her experience
v.ith coffee. "AJter using coffee a num-
ber of years and gradually falling in
health. I got eo I cotild eat but very little
breakfast at ' any time and many days
could not eat at all. I would drink a cup
of coffee and try to eat a little bread.
There are rreat nnmbers of hlgWy or-
ranirea people upon whom coffee acts as
a dearly defined poison. In somo ex-
treme cases tha poisonous effects will
show Tn from three to five mlnutee, In
other cases a long time Is requlrr d, and In
eome cases the body can stand the effects
for years, but the effects are very uure,
and n-any times result In a fixed condi-
tion of organic disease that la difficult or
Impossible to be rid of.
To Fit Coffee to a Sensitive Body.
TRIED THREE TIMES
Oro, , Bernard and Oro; : Marie D. , Wood. Sid
Baxter. Mile. Atlantis,, Rousell Brothers. Earl
and Hampton. Edyke . Lesly and Others.
Reserved Seats ;25c. Matinee Sunday.
FISCHER'S WNOEjrrjfgusE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
V*"I5. CO/**
222-224 SUTTER ST.
Dealing: with us means BEST FOOD
for your family at most reasonable
prices.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY- -TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
Butter, 2ffi£S5£» . I sqr 40c
Favnriia de Calif. Claret
Doz. qts. Regular W.7»w S2.W>
Doz. ntB. Regular 52.40 $1.90
This State's finest product in table wine.
Finn:n . 13c Ib
A fish you'll relish. Reg. 20c
Bhck Fig?, Eo !£! b> \ 5 lbs 25c
Extra fancy.
Beer, "gSs^^ S $3.85 doz
Rear, at* M..V> CT OC Anj
Th« gremlins article from Bavaria.
Fresh shipment just receiv.d.
Sad Iron. fi5ftJ.S" " $1.25 set
Improved. | Handle always cold. ,
Sweet Wines abotsSi.OQ
Pure. Cal. Port, Sherry, Toltay, Angel-
ica, Muscatel, Madeira. Reg. 50c bot.
Shrimps large tin 20c
¦ "BARATARIA." Ree. »o.
Sufficiently cooked. Ready for table.
Whisk Broom, Sa SEW 10c
Lowney's 6om Drops IS 40c
All flavors. ' Reg. EOc
Turkl h 82th Soap 50c box
1 dozen cakes In box. Reg. 60c.
Acorn (Eiche!) Coffee .
£K5? 20c Ib pk'g
Recommended by the highest medical
authorities for indigestion and nervous
folks.
January Catalogue ready — FRISK.
i'At the Head
Of all materials for Gen-
eral Cooking- —
i"Ko-Nut"
i A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat
| For Shortening:
I Frying:
U it has no equal. Our word
?| for it, and all others who
H know.
H Ask Your Grocer or Write.
| India Refinins: Co.,
M Philadelphia.
§VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
j years by tho leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the'
worst cases In old and younp
arising from effects of self'
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
i ¦ ¦ ,. Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, pm* Varlcocel. or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne ***^ C_# rvous Twitching
of .Kyelids. Effects Z^, .JtJrL are Immediate.
Impart vigor and *** tl¥r * potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped orrans.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 50c s>
box; 6 for $2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis
st., San Francisco, Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO..
38 and 40 Third st.
Awsir OR- JORDAN'S <.rcat«
ImUSEUH OF ANATOMY*
0 © 105mEnT8».t>t.fca«ft,fi»T.fcL j
¦ xSf Tha Lsrrest Anatomical Museum in the \
1 I ~fjjl World. WeafcactMc or »-i» contracted A
V S?* ?Snl « d'**"' #»«ktlw«-l* carad by tbo oidmc V
W (7*r»v4i Specialist CB "*¦ Coast EiLjbyoari.
d fi^JT » OR. JOBDAH-PRIVATE DISEASES £
\ l(fw^H C««ultatld» fren ind rtrtctir print* \
A m X5ot H "''• ltmcr ' r personally or by latter. A B
\ « T MH to*Mv Curs In Merycase undertaken. T
ii|f 11*. Wr.tcfor Book.PniLOtoraVff A
"¦If 1^ a*AMRIA«lt, MAILED WMMM. I AT
A A rL' nluablo book fat men) ¦ \
¥ DD. JTOUI>AX A €•.. 1051 Market St.,& P. f
DR.MEYERS&CO.
Specialists, Disease $30? '
and weakness of tSi
men. Established 7»W "^^^Jy
1881. Consultation Wffi xSSPy&r
and private book v^| ' r i / ~.\
free, at office or by £*&t
mail. Cures guar- W* : yffiJS^ *
anteed. 7M I .Mar- sN?J.f- iEtf/iK*?
ket street (elevator i N *«aiM '
entrance). San
DAI k OC These hotels pos-
r ALAul scss the attributcs
i that tourists and
9 f| fj travelers appreciate
u u — central location,
RRANn Uhenl mana ff«-
UllrlllBJ . ment, modern ap-
MftTpj ft pointments and
HUItLOj P« rf ."t cuisine.
_ -... ' \ American and Eu-
Sail FranC'SCO. ropean plans.
IA/. T, HESS,
| H0TARY P03MO A1Q ATTOBNSy-AT-I.lTr,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. S21 California St.. below Powell.
¦-j San Francisco.
. AMUSEMENTS.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900-W1NTER MEETING— 190L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
. DEC. M TO JAN. 19. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Raclncr Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start" at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., csnnecttnz
with trains ctoppins at the entrance to the
track. . Last two cars on train reserved to*
ladles and their escorts: no smoking. - Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
eelctrlc cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all ' trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth ¦
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
ro direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
¦ . THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.PLAYERS AND SPECTATORS AT THE HANDBALL COURTS.
The last series was between Buta and
Rosenfeld. Rosenfeld Is a young and
sturdy player, but was out of the going
with Butz. who is noted for his heavy
strength and "ball-soaking" ability. The
were sadly disappointed, as both Bowman
and Newman were all out of physical
strength and endurance.
Walsh and Duffy were the next two
players to enter the court. Duffy won
both games easily. Walsh scored 10 in the
first and 12 in the second. James had an
easy victory over Crable. The former won
both games. Cra.ble scoring 6 and 10
points, respectively. Cartwright beat
Kennedy two straight. In the first game
Kennedy w.-><< «savpd from a goose-eeg de
feat by scoring a single point. He showed
improvement m the second game, how
ever, and scored 9. It was clearly demon
strated that Kennedy was no match for
Cartwright.
Walsh 10 12
Duffy "..21 "21
James 21 21
Grable 21 21
latter ajso had the advantage over Rosen
feld by being a hard server. With few ex
ceptions was Rosenfeld able to return the
ball. Butz is a trifle overweight, and un
less able .to get In bettor condition toward
th8 close of the series he certainly will
not be inside the money, so say the wise
ones. The spectators in the gallery per
petrated a Joph on Butz during the last
game. One by one they silently left the
gallery, and when Butz looked upward to
receive his well earned applause he gazed
on empty benches.
The scores of yestei day's games follow:
Bowman 15 21 5
Newman 21 16 21
W. F. Staff and W. Darneal....21 21 13 21 18
W. D. Carlisle and F. W. Stapff. 17 14 21 19 21
At the San'. Francisco handball court the
following games were played yesterday
afternoon:
T. ' Murphy and E. Ryan 21 21 21
M. Thompson and M. Conroy 16 18 14
Other Handball Games.
Cartwrlght !21 21
Kennedy 1 9
But* 21 21
Rosenfeld '. 1 11
To-night the following games will be
played by members of the second class:
George Llttlefleld vs. T. Slevin. John Tate
vs. H. B. Russ, Jack Gleason vs. "\V. J.
Kennedy.
G. McDonald and P. McKlnnon 21 IS 21
M. McNeil and L. Corralne 12 21 16
W. Williams and D. Connelly. .21 21 14 - 18 21
M. Joyce and M. Baach 10 11 21 21 13
J. J. Kavanaugh : 21 21
R. Longabach 2 20
G. B. Hayward and T>. Connelly 21 21 21
R. Longabach and E. J. Murphy 18 14 13
M. McDonald and M. Dillon 21 21 H
J. McDermott and G. Hutchlnson 15 18 13
E. White and G. Green 21 19 21
F. Smith and W. Johnson . ; 10 21 17
J. C. Xealon and J. Harlow 21 21 18 21
A. Hampton and M. J. Kllgallon..lg 20 21 1»
I. White and Mlgdy Maguire 13 21 21 21
J. Collins and E. Curley 21 12 1« 19
Of all the matches the first, that be
tween Bowman and Newman, elicited the
most applause and proved the most ex
citing to the gallery. Newman won the
first game by a score of 21 to 15. The sec
ond was won by Bowman — 21 to 16. In the
last game Bowman was exhausted, and
the best he could do was to make five
points. Judging from the play the two
men put up in the early part of the con
test the spectators expected to see a de
termined struggle in the final, but they
in the gallery and on the courts
to see the games for the championship of
the second class.
» HAXDBALIi tournament was on
J\ yesterday afternoon at the Olym
/Ji\ pic Club, and all the enthusiasts,
A. JA. players and spectators gathered
ST. JOSEPH WTLIi BID' ;
* • /¦'i^',1-: FOB PBIZEFIGHTS
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Jan. 13.— Some fine
boxing contests may be pulled off at this
point during the present year. An ath
letic club has been formed", here with
Fiank Hart, a prominent lawyer and
business man, as president and a 'large
number of equally well-known residents
as members. Quarters have been secured
in the heart of the city, where a seating
capacity of several thousand can be ar
ranged for. " Professor . A. E. Tozler,
matchmaker of the club, is now figuring
with several boxers of note for events
here early in the spring.
Probable Winners.
First Race— Marcato. Casdale. Modwena,^
Second Race— Wallensteln, Klckumbob, 'Lo
mond. ¦ '
Third Race— Dorene, Sol Llchtensteln, Mike
Murphy. . j .
Fourth Race— St/8lmonlan, Ordnung, Great
land. •
Fifth Race— Wyoming, Malay; Free Lance.
Sixth Race— Native, Prestidigitator. Meeha
nus.
Oakland Entries.
The entries at Oakland this afternoon are
as follows:
First Race— Three-quarters • of & mile; four
year-olds and upward; selling: ¦
(727)Marcato 104 1630 Tlng-a-Lin* ..V 99
1613 Summer 104 1630 Juva 102
1606 Spike 101 1606 Foul Play 99
1624 Fidel Toulln.... 99 1597 Charlotte M ...102
1623 Casdale 104 1618 Modwena 102
1630 Monrovia ......102 1615 M. Klnsella.....lO2
Second Race— Mile and serenty yards; four
year-olds and upward; selling: v .
, 1629 Lomond' 104 1634 Wallensteln ...101
1606 Maydln* 99 1592 Dunblane .107
1834 Klckumbob ....101
ginning, and that if they went on with
their arrangements the permit woul be in
their hands two days in advance, and it
is well understood that this permit will be
for a sparring contest — and nothing else."
It Is learned here that if Mayor Fleisch
mann had Issued a permit in advance, it
would have been stopped at Columbus
if it had not been declared illegal in the
Cincinnati courts. The only qupstion here
now about the fight among the agitators
is as to the time when the Saengerfest
Athletic Qub will declare it off.
Company K. scores at 200, 300 and BOO yards,
respectively— E. Schmalz 18, 17. 17; T. J. Des
rr.ond 15. 13. 18: E. F. Botteron 20. 20, 18; Spr
geant F. N. Furton 21. 18, 20; Corporal John
F. Utschlg 23, 21, 22; E. P. Jacobson 23, 21, 22;
J. Reubold 20, 21, 21; G. F. Dernlng 19. 19. 19;
Corporal W. Kemp 12, 10, 9; T. E. Moore 16.
1C, 18: J. Lann 6. 0. 2; A. Johnson 8. 4, 17;
Captain Cunningham 20, 21, 21; A. Karner 4,
Company F — Captain Nlppert 39. Lieutenant
Varney 85, Sergeant Doscher 36. Sergeant
Nathan 37, Corporal Cleveland 38, Corporal
Flmmons 36, Private Bramball 27, A. O'Connor
3«. C. Edlin 37, M. Milledge 32, C Mullcan 34,
W. Vanna 37, M. Eason 43, S. Marsan 34, D.
Samuels 31.
Grant IS, J. "W. Cobby 22, L. W. Grant 21,
W Umfred 21. A. Kennedy 4, J. N. Ross 20,
W. Hatfteld 21. C. Meyer 24.
Companies C and G, 200 yards, 10 shots— E.
Sulflohm 37. C. E. Sweeney 38. G. Harvey 22.
T. McGllverv 38, J. T. Cook 24. G. Arney 25,
R. Kurplnsky 8. C. B. Harding 39. J. W. Gal
bralth 34, C- Heineman 36, C. Dabney 26, R.
Mclntosh 33. E. Armstrong 27, S. Stewart 36,
J. J. Hyer 37, R. Howe 30. Lieutenant Petty
31. J. R. Barrlcklo 37. L. Barlcan 21, U.
Smitten 41, G. Banty 40, B. Hopkins 29, J.
Little 22. C. McDonald 35. H. Famke Z6, J. C.
Roberts 28, Captain Swasey 38.
"1 so told the gentlemen present at the
conference and told them bo. plainly. I
also called their attention to the fact, well
known and understood by them, that it
had, from the firet. been understood that
the permit was to be issued at the proper
time for the contest, and I added that I
stood just where I had stood at the be-
"As the matter presented itself to me at
the Friday meeting the' application for
the permit was not for the purpose of
giving a sparring contest, but for the pur
pose of getting out of giving a sparring
contest. ¦ .
Ultimatum Left With the Saenger
fest and What It Means
to the Fight.
CINCINNATI, Jan. 13.— The agitation
over the Jeffries-Ruhlin fight continued
to-day, together with Informal confer
ences. Mayor Fleischmann left for New
York, to be gone a week, and he left' his
ultimatum with the Saengerfest. The
Mayor said: .
Companies C and G (National*"), champion
first and second class. 5 shots at 200 yards — J.
V. Norton 19, Serpcant Povey 17. Sergeant Car
son 23. Sergeant Thompson 13, Lieutenant Grat
tan 20, Lieutenant Ross 16. Serg'eant Umfred
22. A. H. Kennedy 19, Corporal Grant 20, C.
Meyer 24. Sergeant Hatfield 20. J. W. Cobby
21. W. D. Grant 16, Sergeant Anderson 20, A.
J. Ruddock 16. Three hundred yards, 5 shots—
Lieutenant Grattan 16. W. Thompson 21, F.
Fovey 20. F". Carson 17, A. Kennedy 16, W.
T'mfred 15, L. Grant 19. J. Ross 18, C. Meyer
22, A. Hatfield IS, C. Cobby 22. W. Grant 21.
A. Ruddock 17, A. Anderson 13. Five hundred
yards. 5 shots— F. F. Carson 15, F. J. Povey 22,
W. W. Thompson 18, W. S. Grattan 20, W. D.
M^lYOB FLEISCHMANN
HAS MORE TO SAY
The members of the various companies
of the First Regiment Infantry, N. G. C,
gathered at Shell Mound range yesterday
for practice shooting. The guardsmen
were out in force to try their skill at the
200, 300 and 50") yard ranges as a prepara
tion for the annual State shoot, which will
be held next fall. Several German shoot-
Ing organizations also held their regular
monthly shoot and the targets were well
peppered from early morn until dark.
The scores in the various events follow:
2. 0; R. Perazzo 8," 1 3, 6; D; C. Brown 0, 0, 3:
Sergeant Farle?s 19, 20, 19; Sergeant C. Mund
IS. 16. 14; B. F. Moore 11, 8, 9.
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln In monthly
medal shoot: Champion class, J. Utschle, 436;
first class, not filled : second class. "W. Goetze,
3T2; third class. O. Lemcke, 375; fourth class,
F. Pane. 349; best first shot. H. Lllkendey, 24;
best last shot. D. Salfleld 25.
Independent Rifles' monthly medal shoot: R.
V. BUh<»r 27. Sergeant G. Mitchell 38, J. Done
van 22, Corporal P. Schonlg 43, C. F. Verson 23,
A. Dietrich 31. Corporal H. FrCderlckson 12. F.
J. Skowran 33. C. FrwlerlckROn. 30, H. Reln
hnrdt 28, B. Htlken 31. H. Goetjen Jr. 26, G.
Kellenberger 34 C. H. Kornbeck 38, H. Goetjen
37, C. Herlng 32. F. Lawler 5, J. H. Peck 15.
C. Schneider JS, F. Schmidt 22. Sergeant C.
Andrews 40, H. Felix 27. H. Kuhlke <36. C.
Schmidt 13. Lieutenant B. Moennlng 38, M.
Moennln; 29.
Germonla Schuetzen Club In monthly medal
shoot: First champion class, D. B. Faktor. 221,
213: second champion class. R. Stettin, 213:
first class. J. D. Helse, 193; second class. X>.
Salfleld. 205: third class. J. Beuttler, 180; best
first shot. I>. Bendel. 25; best last shot, A.
Jun'blut, 25; *"
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club: Handicap
—A. B. Darrell. ' 223, 219, 21S, 208, 204; C. M.
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; selling: • ,•
(1617)E>splrando 107 1598 Jerld 107
1641 Prestidigitator 104 McAlbert 100
1554 Mike nice 107 .... Native 97
1619 Meehanus .107 (1630)Isallne 85
1623 Osmond ....100
Fifth Race — One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; selling:
1628 Malay ..........107 (lfi2,i)Wyomlnfr ......113
1835 Grand Sachem. 105 1634 Free I,anc« ....114
(1624)Urchln 108 1641 Pat Morrlssey.,100
1640 Rio Chtco 105
Ifi31 Pr. Seharff W a625)Lapldus 113
Ifi31 Mike Murphy. .10* Carson BeautylOS
1825 Dr. McXutt ...10S Knee Ban-Swift.
• .... Tyranus lQ.i Monastic 110
Imp. Star Ruby-Ty- Imp. Anchorlte-Roke.
runny. 1625 Minerva 105
.... F. Atterbery....lO"> l«31 Sol Llchtenst'n.108
Bowllnp Green-Kitty (l«02)Dorlne 110
"Waddle. 1578 Larghctta 1C5
Fourth Race.— Three-quarters of a mile; four
year-olds and upward; purse: ' '
1639. Gibraltar 1171 St. Stmontan...ll2
(163S)OrdnunK 114 .... Dr. Cave 109
1592 Greatland 112 160? Frank Bell ....109
Third Race — Three and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; purse:
Henderson, 116, 212, 207; J. Kullmann. 1S4. Gold
medal— J. F. Bridges, 211, 200: B. Jones. 180.
Silver inedal-H. Inkel. 214. 209. 205; W. F.
Blasse, 176, 153; M. F. Blasse. 173. Pistol score
— J. E. Gorman, 95, 94. Revolver scores — J. E.
German. 93, 92. 8». 91.
Norddeutscher Schuetaen Club In monthly
bullfse-ye shoot: H. Stettin 287, Captain Thode
602.-K. SchuRter 794. G. Schulz 933. J. D. Helse
C65. F. C. Rust 1079, A. Mocker 1174. O. Lemckr
121S, L. Brune 1234, W. Doell 1286. H. Stelllng
i287.
Regular monthly £hoot. Knights of the Red
Branch nin>s, 300 yards: W. Murphy 33, C. J.
Collins 35, H. Filtrate S2, M.-J. Gaul 35. P.
Kenr.y SO, J. Smith 32, A, Whelton SO, M.
Brady IS, • Matt Connolly 25, P. Burke IS. W.
Cummins 24. A. Sheehan IS. Two hundred
yardr,— A. Whelton 40. J. Smiths. M. Gaul 40,
H. Filgste 35, A. Sheehan 28.
»
Shooting at San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 13.— In spite of the
bad weather there was some good shoot-
Ing at the Schuetzen Park'ranges to-day.
Fred Levit. an old member of the Cali
fornia Club, made his appearance as a
marksman In the shooting booth after an
absence of ten years. He surprised his
friends by making a remarkable score for
one so long out of practice.
The scores In the Vereln Elntracht
shooting section were as follows: Medal
?hoot, champion class. Captain F. A.
Kuhls 398; first class. O. R. Ludwlg 335;
second class. C. F. Ouer 251: third class.
Louis Soheib 238; first best shot. O. R,
Ludwig 24; last best shot, Captain F. A.
Kuhls 24.
In the California Club section the fol
lowing scores were made, no shooting In
first champion class: Second cham
pion class— P. . M. Henderson 220
193. Captain F. Kuhla 214-213. Otto Bre
mer 213-191. E. Meyer 217-203, A. Rahwyler
200-132, Phllo.Jacoby 200-192. T. J. Carroll
195-188: first class— A. Gehret 208-206. H.
Schroder 193-171; second class— L. Rembold
197-1%. A. Hampel 199-176; third class— C.
H. Sagehorn 191-1S1. J. Staub 1S3-174. John
Horstman 142-130. M. Reubold 11S-90 fourth
class— J. D. Smith 1S5-132. O. Ohrtland 100
99. C. M. Rousseau 77. Fred Levis 229-203,
Adam Brehm 145-136: cadet class— H. Beck
er 137-136; W. Woenne 136-114.
JEFFRIES AND RTJHLTN" MAY
FIGHT IN THIS CITY
Billy Delaney Expresses Doubt as to
the Contest Being Held in
Cincinnati.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— Despite the fact
that the scene of the big combat ia still
In doubt. Jeffries Is fast rounding into
form. Billy Delaney. who has full charge
of Jeffries' preparation, was asked: ','Do
you think the battle will come off at Cin
cinnati February 15, as scheduled?"
"Well," replied Delaney after a shake
of his head. "I don't think so. You
know, such things are doubtful. I have
an faea it eventually will be decided in
San Francisco. Such matches are per
mitted there, and as It Is practically Jef
fries' home, it ought to draw well."
CINCINNATI, Jan. 13.— Gus Ruhlin ar
rived here this afternoon and up to mid
night there was no effort to arrest him
He denies that he is in training for a
prizefight and says he is here for a week's
theatrical engagement.
Many Marksmen Are Preparing for the Annual State Competition at Shell Mound Targets — German Rifle
Organizations Hold Their Regular Monthly Medal and Bullseye Shoots.
NATIONAL GUARDSMEN BEGIN THEIR PRACTICE SHOOTS.
FTOCKTON. Jan. 1.-.— The results of the
rour?inp at Goodwater Grove to-day are
£s follows:
First round— Leah beat .Vino: Deflame beat
tVinninK Ways; Bill Foster beat Firefly; Scotch
Reel beat Racine; A mo beat Delia M: Allesan
dcr beat Sunbeam: Glen Chloe. by Sarah Gold,
brat Fair Glrn: Hazel L beat Wheel of For
tune; St. Elmo beat Itlght Arm; Montana Jack
beat Forplve; Shin beat Thunderbolt; Caen In
beat Bounding Belle; Bernal Boy a bye; Gil
more a bye. .
Second round— Leah beat Deflame; Scotch
Reel bfrat Hell Foster: Arno beat Allvsander;
On Chloe beat. Sarah Gold; St. Elmo beat
Hazel L: Montana Jack beat Shin: Bernal Boy
beat Cash In: CUmore a bye.
Third round— FCotch Reel beat Leah; Arno
beat Glen Montana Jack beat St. Elmo;
Gilmore br-at Bernal Boy.
Fourth round— Scotch Reel beat Arno; Mon
tana Jark beat Gilmore.
Final — Sootrh Reel beat Montana Jack.
Puppy Btake.-firM round — Guess Fire a bye;
Our Tip beat Jessaby; Mlfis Shirley beat Henry
Gold; Fireside b*at Royal Tick; For Liberty a
bye: Mana.lv beat Merida.
Second round — Our Tip a bye; Fireside beat
Miss Shirley: For Liberty beat Manaly.
Third round— Flreride beat Our Tip; For Lib
erty a bye.
Final— Fireside; Liberty withdrawn.
Scotch Reel Wins Open Stake and
Fireside the Puppy Event.
COITRSIWG AT STOCKTON.
P. J. Rdlly's fa^t greyhound Royal Un- j
ii.n von fii>t prize in the big liS-dog open
stake at Union Coursing Park yesterday.
Luxor, Curtis & Sons' ontry, on whose
cfULOCea the talent had piaced consider- ,
ulilc money during the early part of ihe j
Hani , v. as the ruiini-r-up and tnough odds j
oi- 1> to «: irere frvely ottered by his back
ti!- in llif Last v-v»-iii. the task was too t*e- !
\«r<- and M-cond plac? wa^ihe tx*st he [
could auain.
Uoilly'a dog was fit and ready. In all |
his« i ;.!...:_ h«» showed by his display of
<(..>!; iii.d stamina that he was trained to
K<> '<ht- ilit-'ianct- in the big event. After a
i \t- ::i In* second he m»*t Sacramento Boy.
\\!:<>. thoUKh not in champion form. Icti
turn, but weakened after that. The up
4i-uiitr> tiuK iisid rkriy j=pee<i. but showed
jh< effect! of recent poisoning ajid proved |
easy came. America was the next victim
ami th< n llrutus who Ud Ihe winner three
M*T»gthff. lost the Jlau by a score <>i S to lu.
I ruon displayed considerable staying pow
«-r in this course, but the favor of the
hare hail much to do with the result.
The Curtis kennel was well repre«ent
« a ;:t th< bottom of the card. War Eagle
after bei:i£ run to a standstill on Satur
<:::> r. a< hi-d the P«-mi-linals by pood work.
On the short end at 3 to 3 he beat Cast
away In the second and then against
t'loodgate. in a short course recorded one
•if tint few upsets of the day at odds of
3 to 1. Flt-ety Mist was beaten pointless
ai;d Bonnie Puna, who was held a 5 to
;: favorite, went down before the son of
Skyrocket. Royal I'nion linally beat him
in ii long so. Flylnc Fox was beaten h> 
}ii> kcr.i:<-l n:atp. I-uxor. for the right to
< ¦¦'.;¦: in the final.
L'txpr appeared yesterday for the first
lime t=!nce h!s preat showing in the John
Grace cu;> stake. He ¦was at his* best
w^iKnt and performed well until the final.
\vh<»ii the pace proved "too severe.
Charta, Curtis & Sons' youngster, ran
f proat course apainst Daisy Claire, lead
!• -,' her v.cll to the hare. Her litter broth
er Rertor >>eat B<=l'e Claire and then went
cut to Pleasant Girl. The fast work of
j»« yr-<;rp dnps was hfphly spoken of.
P. Brnphy. who trains Royal Union.
v';i\ «1 his <1<>;r for 3 snug sum in the lonsr
< f»*s l-.or,v at 10 to I.
The 'w short ends were: Sleety Mist
¦bent First Foot at 5 to 4, Beauty Spot
V'-at Sir Pasha. P.nd Boy boat Dewdrop.
Pr.ytnpf? heat Warship at 5 to 3. and
N«Tvissiis bear Ireland at 5 t" 2.
The day's results, ¦with Jud^e Grace's
official scores, follow:
Oprr. ?takp. seroniJ round— T. W. Bartels'
Mac's ICeladjr fv»at Pasha K^nnolts" Risky At
trmpt. 11-3: Curtl« &¦ Sons' Anchor beat
'"hiarini Rmthfrs' Santonin. 17-3; J. P. TTirift'F
rr-jtus beat J. CftmdTa Maf=t«"r Claire. 4-«:
RaneJ] & Allen's Ppiteful beat P. Doyle'o
liberator. 6-1 : Walsh & He*»nan> Sacramento
Bo? t>p«t r-a r tain renp's Greenhall. 15-8; P. J.
l{f-!I!y'p Royal t'nion a t>ve: Russoll * Al!»n's
T"a'.sy Claire beat <"urt'.s & Sr.ns" ("harts.. 13-11:
E. Ge&ry'f America l>eat p. J. ReilJy'B Peter
V >? t, «-0: H. H. Gray's Bajinockburn a bye:
F?c-rl & Kinwle? 1 Sleety Mist beat Rusgel! &
Allen's First Foot. '-€: G*orpe Xetherc"tf«
Kloodcate bf»at F. A. McComb's Bona FUc.
*-(-. Cur.i? K- Bens' War Eaple beat Russell
ft anea'a Castawar. '-'>: 3. E. Hoagkins* Ktns
'"aphlpr beat Maher & Reid's Uncle Fuller.
:»-I2: Ourtis & Sons' Flying Fox b<»at B. Pil
v.r'f Keanncx. Z-O; H. A. Dwkelman's Master
BorttH beat Curtis & Sons' Cash, 7-3; Curtis
& Son?' Rector beat Pasha Kennels' Belle
Ciaire. f-4: Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete
b"at Aen<>id Kennels' Agamemnon. 5-0; D.
Trlan<1'f> Pleasant Girl beat Pa*ha Kennels'
IJoya! Anne, s-3: E. Gearj> Bonnie Pa*ha
h»at Pasha Ker,ne]»' Random Aim. 5-S: J. R.
Smith'? Pjivanu? beat Curtis & Sons' Shadow.
r.-I; U. L.. Taylor's Beauty Spot b*at F. A.
MrCotnb'e P!r Paeha. 21-S; F. A. McComb'j Lit
tlo FiFter beat Curtis & Sons' McKtnley. 1S-8:.
I'. J. Reilly'ii W'arehip beat Steri & Knowles'
Rusty Gold. €-0; R. E. <!s R Lopez's Sweetness
b<^at P. SteinhofT's Veto. 3-2; Maher & Reid'*
Had Boy beat W. C. Ola.- son's Dewdrop. S-2;
J. P. Thrift'* Ft. Michael a. bye; Curtis *
Fins' Fx-r.o b«sat J. P. Thrift'e Forjret. 5-0; D.
J. H»aley's IaiJv Claire beat C. Bonar'e Wild
Norah. '.-(>: Curtis A Sons' Xareipsus beat E.
<"Vfcr>'s Ireland. 14-8; Curtis & Sons' Luxor
brat A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty. 7-3; R.
I.. Taylor's Mns» beat George Sherman'-! St..
Ive*. 4-2: C^r.nell Brother*' Mamie Pleasant
}>f-at J. R. Fmtth's Petronius, 1 17-10.
Third round— Mir'f Melody beat Anchor. 3-2;
Tirutus beat Ppiteful. 6-5: Royal T'nion b«at
Sacramento Boy. 12-4: America beat Daisy
Claire. 4-2; Sleety Mist beat Bannocltburn.
?-l: War Eairle boat Floodgate. 2-0:* Flylnir
Fox beat Kinp Cashier. 5-0: Master Rocket
Twct Roman Athlete. 4-8: Pleasant Girl beat
Rfw-tor. SJ-11; Bnnnie Papha V^at Shadow. S-2;
J.ittle E'.stcr a tye; Sweetnepn beat ' Warship,
U-12: Had Boy a bye; Lady Claire beat Echo,
:-2: Mose a lye; L-jxor a bye.
Fotirth round— Brutus beat Mac's Melody. 3-2;
Hryal I'nion beat America, 4-1; War F.acle
»rfnt Sleetv Mist, M>: Flying Vox b»at Master
n'vkrt, ;«-3; Bofmle Pasha beat Pleasant Girl,
3«-l; UOlC Sifter a bye; Lady Claire beat Bad
Ji^y. K-4; Luxor beat Mose, 3-1.
Fifth muni!- Roys! Union beat Brutus. 10-8;
V»r Harlf- beat Bonnie Pasha, 15-9; Flylnjj
Fox beat Little Sister, «-5; Lrfxor beat Lady
Claire. 4-0.
Sixth round— Rryal Union beat War Eagle,
2:-S; Luxor t#at Flying Fox, U-8. '
Deddinc course— Royal Union beat 1/uxor,
P. J. Rtilly's Fast Courser
Beats Curtis' Luxor in
the Final.
? —
Dpen Event at Union Park Is Produc
tive of Good Sport, in Which,
Few Upsets Are Re
corded.
STAKE HONORS GO
TO ROYAL UNION
HANDBALL ENTHUSIASTS DEVOTE SUNDAY TO SPORT
ST. JOHNS. N. F.. Jan. 13.— Northern
Ice floes drifting along the Atlantic coast
now threaten to blockade St. Johns. They
were already within sight of the port.
The coast steamship Virginia, bound
north with provisions for coast settle
ment* was compelled to abandon the voy
age owing to her inability to penetrate
Uicorning vessels report that the floes
are sweeping outward toward the track
of the trans-Atlantic steamers and are
likely to reach the latitude of Cape Race
next week.
Steamer Virginia Bound North With
Provisions Is Forced to
Turn Back.
ICE FLOES THHEATE2T TO
BLOCKADE ST. JOHNS
CHICAGO. Jan. 13.— News has been re
ceived of the murder in Manila of James
Maloney. a former well-known Chicago
sporting .man. by an Australian prize
fighter, who then committed suicide. The
murderer is said to nave been one of Ma.
loney's closest friends. They met at Cal
cutta* a year ago and went from there
to Manila, where both fell In love with
the same girl. A quarrel ensued, result-
Ing in the death of both men.
Maloney's wife and three children,
whom he left here three years ago. are
said to be penniless. Maloney came from
Chicago.
Prize-Fighter.
James Maloney Killed in Manila by a
FIGHT OVER A WOMAIT.
T. J. A. Tiedmann's white, black and tan
English setter bitch Northern Huntress
(Joe Cummings-Mecca ID with P. D. I,ln
ville's white, black and tan English setter
bitch Maggie F (Ch. Ct. Gladstone IV-
Lady RijdschafT). whelped Jannary 10. isy».
bred' by Frank Maskey: C. E. "Worden's
black and white pointer dog Doc (Sam's
Bow-Fannette) with R. P. Schwerin'9
black, white and tan English setter dog
Peach Stone (Ch. Ct. Gladstone IV-Peach
Mark), whelped March 2. ist»: Joseph
Singer's lemon and white English setter
dog Lemon Ears (Stamboul-Fanny S).
with Stockdale Kennels" liver and whlt-i
pointer dog Bow's Son (Sam's Bow-Coum
pss V). whelped May 7. 1S99. bred by B. B.
Horning: Stockdale Kennels' liver an-1
white ticked pointer bitch Petronella
(Young Jingo-Florida) with S. Chrtsten
son's black, white and tan English setter
dog Joe Cummlng's Boy (Ch. Joe Cum
mlngs-Grace Gradv), whelped January 15.
1899, bred by H. P. Jones. Gardenga: TV".
W. Van Arsdale's black, white and tan
English setter bitch Peach Blossom (Ct.
Gladstone IV-Peach Mark) with Stock
dalo Kennels' black and tan pointer dosj
Cuba's Zep (Cuba of Kwnwood-Jacnulna).
whelped January 5. 1S39, bred by Stock
dale Kennels.
HOTEL. DEL CORON'ADO. Jan. 13.—
The eighteenth annual trials of the Pa
cific Coast Field Trial Club will begin to
morrow under conditions never before
I'erhaps accorded to any club In America
or elsewhere for that matter. The mem
bers of the club and Its friends are quar
tered at the Hotel del Coronaio an.l th*
trial will be run on North Island, reached
In a short drive from the door. Instead
ot the long and tiresome Journey to a.nrt
from the grounds that usually falls to the
lot of field trial enthusiasts it will tdko
but ten or fifteen minutes at the outside
to reach the scene of action, which Is in.
plain sight from the upper porch of the
hotel. North Island is a body of land
comprising about 3000 acres and lies nlons
the southern shore of a narrow strip of
water that marks the entrance to San
Diego Bay. The land Is partly under cul
tn'atlon, while the balance is covered In
places with white sage, while other por
tions abound in chapparal growing in
email bunches, between which is fountl
low shrub, which affords excellent cover
for the birds.
Thomas Johnson, who is to Judge th.4
trial*, accompanied by Albert Betz. secre
tary of the club. Bjfron Xaylor and C. \V.
Hibbard. drove all over the grounds this
morning, and the Judge expressed himself
ns satisfied with the conditions and be
lieves that excellent sport will be had
during the week.
A number of persons Interested In the
trial have arrived at the Hotel del Coro
rado. W. W. Van Arsdalc and wife. Mrs.
Flett and daughter. C. J. Cochrane. S. If.
Cutler and 1>. B. Neal have been here for
a week. Mr. Van Arsdale is the owner
of the celebrated field trial winner Peach
Mark and has more entries than any ono
rise at the trials. Other arrivals are:
Thomas Johnson. Albert Betz, C. W. Hib
bard and wife, Frank Maskey. P. D. Lin
ville. Andrew Jackson. Mr. and Mrs. J.
E. Terrey, J. M. Kilgarif. E. C. Welnrich.
J. S. Dunham and wife. J. Tod Sloan. Phil
T>aly Jr. and wife. H. T. Payne. H. W.
Keller, F. W. Emery. A. Marquis. J. H.
Schumacher and Lester Kllgarlf. Judge C
N. Post, president of the club, and W. S.
Tevis and party arrived in their private
car this afternoon. The party la composed
of Mr. and Mrs. TV. 8. Tevis. Mr. and
Mrs. Montford. S. Wilson and Mr. and
Mrs. Horace Chase.
The drawing for the Derby, which will
be the first event to take placo In the
morning, resulted as foMows:
C. E. "Worden's liver and whit© pointer
bitch Pears Jingle (Young Jingo- Pearl"
II) with Tod Sloan's imported liver and
white pointer dog Prince CWlsdom-WTii"
per). -whelped r>eoember IS. 1S9!>: Stockdai«»
Kennels' liver and white ticked pointer
bitch Jac Queba (Cuba of Kenwood-Ja
quina) with Dr. C. E. Wilson's black,
white and tan English setter dog Clipper
"W. (Marias Sport-Tsabelle Mald>: Georer*
Wilcox's whit© and lemon English setter
dog Stamford (Stamboul-Fanny S) with
TV. W. Van Arsdale's black, whit© and
tan English setter dog Counts Mark fCh.
Ct. Gladstone IV-Peach Mark>: J. Ev Ter
ry's orange and white English setter bitch
Lady (Ct. Gladstone IV-Peach Mark) with
H. C. Peach's liver and white pointer dn^
Doctor Daniels fPlain Sam-Dolly Dee ITv.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Grounds Are in Excellent Condition
and Members of the Club Are
Delighted With the
Prospects.
Dogs Matched ior the Con
test, at North
Island.
FIRST DRAWING
FOR FIELD THJALS
TO SAIL.
MONDAY, JANUARY. 14.
Sun rises ...........:. ..7:24
Sun sets • ..5:13
Moon rises'.....' .............1:51 a. m.
-•NOTE— In; the 'above : exposition of the tides
the -early; morning -tides are given In the. left
Al^Khanl* ts the name bestowed on one
of th* planets recently discovered In the
wolar Mstem hi* a Ucxlin astronomer.
After being almost Riven up for lost, the
big freight steamer Cailfornian, under
charter to the United States army trana-
Big Freighter Arrives From Manila
After Slow Voyage. : . •
CALIFORNIA!* IN PORT.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mall
boat ZeaJandia arrived from Honolulu
yesterday. She made a fair passage, but
head winds and e heavy cross sea de
tained her more than twelve hours. Those
who came ud in the cabin were General
A. S. Hartwell. W. H. Bailey, W. S. Btltt,
E. W. Strouss. G. O. Cannon, wife and
two children, C. Cannon, William Cluff
:-.n>i wife, M. A. Hunt. G. H. Collins, Miss
Bagley, E. P. Gray. A. C. Alexander, H,
M. Whitney Jr.. A. Zuckcrman, Dr. Rossi,
C. \V. Marsh, A- Robinson, F. C. Prindle
and wife. E. L. Hughes and wife. C. P.
Hipplcy and wife, 1. HIppley and wife,
llrs. Jennette. Mrs. E. Clauson and son,
A. S. Bent and wife, T. H. Macdonald and
wife, and Mrs. Smith.
Hawaii is payins its debts to America
and among the' ship's cargo was $75,741 87
in specie, sent here as the balance of
trade. The chances are that the Zealandla
will make another trip to the islands and
then she will be replaced by the Mari
posa. '
' FOREIGN PORTS." ¦'" ¦
FALKLAND ISLANDS— Sailed ' Dec ' 30^-Shlp
Henrv Failing, for - Kahulul.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 13— Schr Volant, for
Grays Harbor; schr Alice, > for Puget Sound:
schr R W Bartlett, for Whatcom. ;?api****»fc#i
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 1— Br stmr Gaelic,
from Yokohama: Ghil bark Alta, from Newcas
tle, NSW; Ger ship Marie Hackfeld. from
Bremen. 'Jan 4 — Jap stmr America Mara, hnc
Dec 29. . . '-..-.
Sailed Jan 1— Br stmr Gaelic, for Ban Fran
cisco. Jan 4— Br stmr Kintuck. for Manila;
Jap stmr America Mara, for Yokohama.:," •¦- ¦
PORT TOWNSEND—Arrived Jan 13— Br stmr
Glenogle, from Yokohama; ¦ Br stmr Glenforg,
from Kalo Chou; Nor stmr Horda, hence Jan
9, for Tacoma. 'A»»i$aa*3auMi&W*Mi«*wa
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan- 12-r Stmr Dolphin, for
Skaeuay.-. ¦ - ¦ : - . ¦¦ . .-¦>.¦
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Jan 13— Ship Alex
Gibson, hence Jan 1. ' ¦ •¦¦.-
EUREKA— Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Eureka, for
San Francisco. • ¦ ...-•¦ >
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr South Port
land, hence Jan 9; Ger stmr Milne, from Hong
kong; Br stmr Robert Adamson,' from Na
naimo; . •>Jj.*iSsji : ¦ .
Bailed Jan 18— Stmr George W Elder. : f or San
Francisco, t' " ' , f ?^~*'**>*S!^?sfc8*5!iBftsS
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 13, 10 p m— Weather,
foggy;, wind NE, velocity 8 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Newburtf, Peterson. Grays Harbor.
Br ship Helensburgh, Jefferson. Queenstown.
Bark Guy C Goss, Gilmore, Vancouver.'
nktn Geo c Perkins, Maas. .
Schr Roy Somers. Holland. Grays Harbor.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, January 12.
Stmr Zealandla. Dowdell, 6 days 23 hour*
from Honolulu.
Sunday. January 13.
Stror. Robert Dollar, Ellefsen. ' 6',4 days from
Seattle. i
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall. 79^4 hours from Vic
toria.
Btmr Gipsy, Leland. 28 hours from Moss
Lending • . ¦ . .
8Unr Californian, Morrison, 41 days from
Taku, via Nagasaki 82 days.'
Stmr Queen, Thomas, 45 hours from San
Diego. ¦ . ¦ . . '.
Stmr Bontta, Nocander, 60 hours from New
port and way ports. ¦ llfali'M|MIBW' l fol.A>' i 'rafl
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 4 days from Coos; Bay,
via Port Orford 3 days 14 hours. .
Schr Mary C. Campbell, 8: hours from Fort
Ross. ' ..
- 1 BAILED. «
Sunday, "January* 13.-
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnseh," Eureka.'
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Btmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Pomona. Bhea, - Eureka.
Btmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendoclno. • • .
/
come alongside again. Captain Alexander
answered the signal and In spite of an ebb
tide ran the Santa Rosa alongside the
wharf again. A plank gangway was put
ashore and Captain Wallace helped the
eld .lady and gentleman aboard amid the
cheers of the crowd. Captain "Wallace, is
a gallant of the old school.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Santa Rosa did not get away on time yes
terday. Just as she was . backing away
from the wharf, a septuagenarian couple
came down the structure as fast as they
could trot. Superintendent Wallace saw
them coming and signaled the captain to
Santa Rosa Delayed.
J. W. Morrell nearly lost his life at
Mlsslqji-street wharf yesterday. He was
talking to a friend and lost his balance,
falling in just astern of the tug Ida W.
The men on the vessel went to his as
sistance and carried him to the- Harbor
Hospital. Dr. Robinson soon had him out
of danger.
Had a Narrow Escape.
port service, made port yesterday morn
ing. She had a hard time of It' between
Manila and Japan and four days out from
XaRTnaki lost one of the blades of her
propeller. From that time on It was a
"slow bell." and In consequence the big
steamer took a lone time in making the
run.
The Californian came here by way of
Taku and there she took on board four
passengers— Lieutenant Paul A. Barn'.
I>r. C. F. Dickinson, A. J. Smith and Ed
ward M. Hule. .
From Manila the steamer brought the
remains of seventy-four soldiers. These
bodies will be sent to the Presidio for in
termenf to-day.
OCEANIC MAIL COMPANY'S ZEALANDIA A ARRIVES FROM HAWAII.
TO ARRIVE.
5?!! i °IS mn 2 nd the »ucees«lve tides of the
St^ ?h ,li2I . r of occurrence as to time of
«? ;». * "* tlme colu nin gives the last tide
of the day. except when 'there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
!?«? a^ dltl °n the soundings on the United
htates Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
la the mean -of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 13— Strar Phoene
cla. from ¦ Hamburg and Boulogne. -
Balled Jan -13— Stmr Menomlnee. for London.
HURST CASTLE-Passed Jan IS— Stmr Vad
erland, from Antwerp, for New York. . •
Sun. Moon, and Tide.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at ' Fort Point, entrance ' - to ' San
. ¦ Frandacd Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low water* occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five'minutes later than at Port Point: the
height of tide Is the same at both places. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1901.
CHAMPIONSHIP SINGLES HANDBALL
TOURNAMENT ON OLYMPIC COURTS
6
¦ - • .
ITime
Ft.
H "\V
6:20 6.4
0:27 J.7
1:23 2.8
. S:15 2.9
8:06 -8.0
3:54 2.8
H W
0:04 5.0
Time
L, w
1:23
H W
7:00
7:4J
'8:28
- 9:10
9:56
U W
. 4:89
ITime
iTImtl
FL
[Ft.
8:15
L-W
2:10
2:54
3:34
4:14
4:52
H W
10:41
"¦
I. W
14 ...
0.9
3.7
—
IS ...
1« ...
17 ...
18 ...
1» ...
! S.5
S.6
5.8
e.o
I «.o
0.4
0.0
—0.4
-0.7
-0.9
ii'w
9:15
10:06
10:49
11:28
•H
4.0
4.3
4.5
4.8
:;-.;.
I
I «.O
l'wi
5:31!
• V - : -
20 .'.*.
R>.9
Diearaer. . i
Mandalay
Tttanta
ArKO
Victoria;.......
Rainier..
Coronado
Eureka
ProgrNio
Czarina
O. W. Elder....
Hyad«s..
Pomona
Empire...
Corona ..........
Umatllla. .......
HonKkotiK M.m
Point Arena..,.
Santa Itnmi....
Arcata. .........
Wanhtpnnw.,,,
AcauuKu.......
From. I Du«,
f"oqiiilif» i;ivcr Jan, it
N'analmo Jan. It
CoqutU* Itlvir Jan. u
Oyster Harbor ,. J.»n. it
Seattle Jan. U
Orayn ICiirbor ....*,,,.,, Jan. 11
HumhoMt Jan. I*
Taeoro« ......... j»n, j 4
Spat tic anil T»c«ma,,.. J*n !»
Portland .Un. >.\
8r«ttl* J»», \t
Miitiitiiiilt .......,.,,>,.,. inn «(
Catm liny J«n. U
Nv«'i«ii'i •.....,......,,.. Jun it
Victoria A injn»t Houml Jan. IT
ri\!n.» ami J«tv*n. .,.,,, Jan IT
Point Aicnn ,, J4H |;
B»n ntegc« .......,,...., Jan. IT
Otw»« tl*y ., Jan. \t
Tuwnm .:«....,. Jan, U
PanaiUA A NVav IVti. j 4 n. u
Steanwr. IVattnatt'n. [S*^ t^er.
Arc.* Coi'™^3E! W am £„ 13
AUI»nc» Portld A Coo* Bay 5 P™ Pier 20
\V. Kruiter... Grays Harbor 5 pm ti,! er H
North Fork.. HumbofcH » ara|PJ«r 3
.lnininry 1.1.
romona HumMdt * P™| "« »
AnrtK tCnqiiJK* H»v«r 4 pm Pt*r 2
HonltA Newport ? * m jS* T *i
Man.UUy.... ChIuIU* River 9 ami Pier 2
I jMtttinry 1«»
Kureka ilCumholJt » ««n P er 13
Uurrn S*n Dl#«o JamlPlerlt
lH»*Uc".V.V.V.VjCMn* ami J«P«n.. 1 pmlPMSS
Curin* |8*«ttl» A Tac-oma. 5 pm Pter 8
\V*1U \V»1U. Victoria A W 11 am Pier 9
.Iniumrt 1..
Kn>Dtr».....\. Coo« B«y 10 am Pier 13
tYniMdo Ort»y» lUrbor....... PUT 2
Ratntrr P»*ttl« * N What. 5 pm Pier 3
Jnnunrr •>•
Coron* Newport » am j Pier 11
Z<wUn.«».... Honolulu .•••• J pm.Pler 7
N«wpor« ranam* A Way Pt» 13 mPMSS
tl, \\ KI>!«T-. Astoria Jk Portland|ll anvpter 24
Jnnunry tU. { i
!\>tnt Ar*na.. Point Arena I 1 proJPler 3
Crescent City.. Crescent City ••
Columbia Portland A AstJrta..-
North Fork HumNil.it
..•Jan.
..Jan.
..|jan.
19
. 2i
¦ - • .
ITime
Ft.
H "\V
6:20 6.4
0:27 J.7
1:23 2.8
. S:15 2.9
8:06 -8.0
3:54 2.8
H W
0:04 5.0
Time
L, w
1:23
H W
7:00
7:4J
'8:28
- 9:10
9:56
U W
. 4:89
ITime
iTImtl
FL
[Ft.
8:15
L-W
2:10
2:54
3:34
4:14
4:52
H W
10:41
"¦
I. W
14 ...
0.9
3.7
—
IS ...
1« ...
17 ...
18 ...
1» ...
! S.5
S.6
5.8
e.o
I «.o
0.4
0.0
—0.4
-0.7
-0.9
ii'w
9:15
10:06
10:49
11:28
•H
4.0
4.3
4.5
4.8
:;-.;.
I
I «.O
l'wi
5:31!
• V - : -
20 .'.*.
R>.9
Diearaer. . i
Mandalay
Tttanta
ArKO
Victoria;.......
Rainier..
Coronado
Eureka
ProgrNio
Czarina
O. W. Elder....
Hyad«s..
Pomona
Empire...
Corona ..........
Umatllla. .......
HonKkotiK M.m
Point Arena..,.
Santa Itnmi....
Arcata. .........
Wanhtpnnw.,,,
AcauuKu.......
From. I Du«,
f"oqiiilif» i;ivcr Jan, it
N'analmo Jan. It
CoqutU* Itlvir Jan. u
Oyster Harbor ,. J.»n. it
Seattle Jan. U
Orayn ICiirbor ....*,,,.,, Jan. 11
HumhoMt Jan. I*
Taeoro« ......... j»n, j 4
Spat tic anil T»c«ma,,.. J*n !»
Portland .Un. >.\
8r«ttl* J»», \t
Miitiitiiiilt .......,.,,>,.,. inn «(
Catm liny J«n. U
Nv«'i«ii'i •.....,......,,.. Jun it
Victoria A injn»t Houml Jan. IT
ri\!n.» ami J«tv*n. .,.,,, Jan IT
Point Aicnn ,, J4H |;
B»n ntegc« .......,,...., Jan. IT
Otw»« tl*y ., Jan. \t
Tuwnm .:«....,. Jan, U
PanaiUA A NVav IVti. j 4 n. u
Steanwr. IVattnatt'n. [S*^ t^er.
Arc.* Coi'™^3E! W am £„ 13
AUI»nc» Portld A Coo* Bay 5 P™ Pier 20
\V. Kruiter... Grays Harbor 5 pm ti,! er H
North Fork.. HumbofcH » ara|PJ«r 3
.lnininry 1.1.
romona HumMdt * P™| "« »
AnrtK tCnqiiJK* H»v«r 4 pm Pt*r 2
HonltA Newport ? * m jS* T *i
Man.UUy.... ChIuIU* River 9 ami Pier 2
I jMtttinry 1«»
Kureka ilCumholJt » ««n P er 13
Uurrn S*n Dl#«o JamlPlerlt
lH»*Uc".V.V.V.VjCMn* ami J«P«n.. 1 pmlPMSS
Curin* |8*«ttl» A Tac-oma. 5 pm Pter 8
\V*1U \V»1U. Victoria A W 11 am Pier 9
.Iniumrt 1..
Kn>Dtr».....\. Coo« B«y 10 am Pier 13
tYniMdo Ort»y» lUrbor....... PUT 2
Ratntrr P»*ttl« * N What. 5 pm Pier 3
Jnnunrr •>•
Coron* Newport » am j Pier 11
Z<wUn.«».... Honolulu .•••• J pm.Pler 7
N«wpor« ranam* A Way Pt» 13 mPMSS
tl, \\ KI>!«T-. Astoria Jk Portland|ll anvpter 24
Jnnunry tU. { i
!\>tnt Ar*na.. Point Arena I 1 proJPler 3
Crescent City.. Crescent City ••
Columbia Portland A AstJrta..-
North Fork HumNil.it
..•Jan.
..Jan.
..|jan.
19
. 2iAttorney Gkn«ral Advises Opponents
of Eeincorporation to Make Their
Complaint More Positive.
LIVERMORE, Jan. 13.— The application
of John Sweeney for leave to sue in a
test of the rein corporation of Livermore
has been denied by Attorney General
Tirey L. Ford. The refusal is based upon
the ground that the complaint in the car-o
carries allegations that are made on "in
formation and belief."
The Attorney General in his opinion aO
viees that the complaint be made more
positive. Then he will determine whether
the objections to the- Incorporation pro
ceedings are within the law. of such a
nature as to demand defense from the
Town of Llvermore.
The application was made upon briefs
filed by Attorneys M. C. Hassett and
James P. Tevlln. The petition was op
posed by Attorneys Thomas Scott ana T.
C. Huxley In behalf of the town.
DENIES APPLICATION" . TO
SITE TOWN OP UVERMOBZ
In Oakland's Pulpits.
OAKLAND. Jan. 13.— Rev. A. W. Rider
oeecpied the pulpit of the First Baptist
Church at both services to-day in the ab
tence of Rev. C. H. Hobart. who has gone
to his new charge in Pasadena.
Rev. A. P. Brown preached at both ser
vices at tho Tenth-avenue Baptist Church
to-day. Dr. Brown has b^en conducting a
eertes of services at this chorch during
the week of prayer. They have been so
f urcPFKful that they will be continued an
other week.
Rev. Dwlgbt E. Potter of the Union
*tr«^t Presbjterian Church occupied the
pulpit of the Second Congregational
Church this morning for the pastor, Rev
J. W. Phillips.
Rev. H. V* r . Fraier of the Brooklyn
Pr<?j>bvterian Church has begun, a series
of evening sermons of great inter**t. The
first was delivered to-night upon the topic
"The Meaning of Life." These eermons
are very practical and intended to be of
daily help In life.
The Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills of .the
First Unitarian Church delivered the gec
ond of hip "Sermons in Stories" this even
ing upon "The Redemption of David Car
son." J
To Take Part In Ceremony.
BERKELEY;. Jan. 13.— A representative
*»ach from the Berkeley High School and
from the Alumni Association will speak
at the laying of the corner-Btone .of the
new high school on February 22. William
iicCleave, president of the senior class,
has been chosen to represent the hijfh
echocl and Harry Johnson, president of
the Alumni Association, will represent the
graduates.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler ¦will de
liver the principal address of the day.
The university cadets will assemble
Monday morning. At this time the regi
ment will be reorganized and divided into
three battalions of four companies each.
rae officers recently appointed will take
their commands. During vacation the
armory was moved from North Hall to
the basement of the gymnasium. The of
fice of Captain Henry de H. Walte. pro
fessor of military science and tactics, has
been moved from the mechanics building
to the new armory
,. Pr £ Blden t Wheeler will not arrive from
the East Monday as expected. He did not
leave Chicago until last night and will
not reach here until Tuesday evening:. He
had Intended to arrange his time so that
he and Mrs. WheHer could be here on the
opening day at college, but a delay In th«
East made the date of his arrival late.
AJ1 freshmen students are expected to
call upon their counselors Monday morn
ing for advice regarding the studies they
are to puriue and the arrangement of
Recorder James Button has announced
that registration will be held In the gym
nasium to-morrow, commencing at 8 a. m.
and ending at 4:30 p. m. All graduate and
undergraduate students must register for
their term's work between these hours.
Officers of instruction -will keep office
hours for consultation with students from
9:30 a. m. until noon. At 1 o'clock instruc
tion will commence.
BERKELEY, Jan. 18.— The University
of California will open to-morrow for the
cecond term of the college year. Most of
the students have returned from their va
cations. The streets are filled with groups
of college men renewing acquaintances.
Students Have Returned
From Vacation for Next
Term's Work.
AWAIT OPENING
DF UNIVERSITY
The residence is occupied by Poole, who
if a Southern Pacific engineer, and his
¦wife. He was away on his run this morn
ing Mrs. Poole being alone In the house
•when the thontinp: occurred. To Detective
Bhorey. who was detailed to investigate
the shooting. Mrs. Poole narrated the cir
cum!-.tanc<-s. which do not throw any light
upon, the identity of the pistol user. She
v.a« In a rear room when Ehe heard the
shots, the trashing of the broken glass
and the thud of the missiles striking the
•iolid woodwork.
Two p'.stol bullets of thirty-eight caliber
f red at close range entered the residence
Of Charles W. Poo'e, 1010 Market street,
at 8 o'clock this morning. One of the
leaden missiles entered a parlor window.
tore through portieres ajjfl lodged deep in
n wall. The second ball plowed through
th^ fmnt door, struck an inner door cas
txtg ar.d wr.s buried in the woodwork. The
police were notified of the mysterious
fhooting.
Oakland OfSce San P*ran.ciseo Call,
111S Broadway, Jan. 13.
Are Fired Into th« Resi
dence of Engineer C.
W. Poole.
BULLETS PIERCE
WINDOW AND DOOR
OAKLAND. Ja.ru 13.— William Hall,
for twenty-one years a member
of the First Royal Scots Regiment
of the British army and a veteran
of three ¦wars, died yesterday, af
t*>r a long illnef*. at his residence, PSS
Willow street. The ajred soldier had an
f-vpruful career and his record as a fighter
In her Majesty's service" is evidenced by
the four service and character medals
which his children will treasure as htir
lonnns.
For 'ii'.fea years the old veteran was In
th>» P'vjthprn Pacific Company's employ.
Thousands of commuter? are familiar
•wi'h his features. He had charge for
many y.ars of the pier entrances at the
Oakland broad-gauge ferry slip. A year
ago he was taken sick with the grip. He
ranted after several months' confinement,
r.rd rct-iny»d to his post at the ferry de
jwn. Increasing yrars had weakened the
sturdy campaigner's constitution, hoir
f.fr. ar.d again he took to his bed.«whleh
he was fated never to leave In life.
The funffral will be held to-morrow af
ternoon at 1 o'clock from the residence.
Rev. C. M. Lathrop, formerly rector of
St. Andrew's Episcopal Church, will of
ficiate. . ,. v
In 1875, at tha request of his children,
the old soldier cam© to California. He
is survived by his wife and thre« children.
One son. William G. Hall, was with Dew
ey at Manila and Is now a warrant offi
cer on the battleship Indiana. James Hall,
another son, is employed by the Southern.
Pacific Company at 'Sacramento. There
is a daughter, Mrs. M. Etonian, of San
Jose.
Mr. Hail was a native of Devonshire.
England, where he was born Blxty-eight
years ago. At an early age ho enlisted in
the British army. His first campaigning
was done during the Crimean war, parti
cipating in the battles of Inkerman and
Alma and in the siege of Sevastopol.
Lrfiter he served through tha China war In
1SG0, receiving medals for bravery at the
taking of the Taku forts and Peking. He
also saw active service during the Sepoy
rebellion.
If I were writing- a series of twenty pa
pers I might go on to refer to hundreds
more of allusions In Shakespeare to mat
ters connected with home life, school life,
frames, sports, holidays and festivals,
folk-lore and superstitions, and so on; but
the few random illustrations I have given
may serve to show the student to what a
field of research and entertainment tha
drafnatist thus Invites him. and he mav
bo led to explore It at leisure for himself.
W. J. KORFE.
Cambridge, Mass.
In "The Taming of tho Shrew.," Gnimio
says to the hungry Kate, "What say you
to a piece of beef and mustard?" ana In
the "Midsummer NlKht's Dream," Bot
tom says to Mustardseed. "I know your
patience well: that same cowardly, giant
like ox-beef hath devoured many a gen
tleman of your house." This association
of mustard with roast beef persists to
day. It is curious that It has disappeared
in this country, though we still use mus
tard with corned beef. In traveling on
the continent the Question has sometimes
been raised at the dinner table whether
a person sitting near by was English or
American. If he takes mustard with tho
roast beef -we have no further doubt as
to his nationality. . Tho association of
capers with boiled mutton also dates back
to the days of Shakespeare. In "Twelfth
Night," Sir Andrew says, "Faith, I can
cut a caper"; and Tobey replies, "And I
can cut the mutton to't." So with roast
goose and apple sauce. In "Romeo and
Juliet,'* Mercutlo says to Romeo, "Thy
wit is a very bitter sweeting: it is a most
sharp sance 1 "; and his friend retorts. "And
it is well served in to a sweet goose." Tho
"sweeting" is one of several varieties of
apple mentioned by' Shakespeare, and
some of them are known to-day In War
wickshire by the same names.
Beef and beer were typical of English
life then as now. The food of the com
mon peoole was better In tome respects
than It is at present, and better than It
was In continental countries. Travelers
who visited England often commented
upon this; just as tha Frenchmen in.
Shakespeare's plays refer to th© "great
meals of beef of the English soldiers.
who "eat like wolves and fight like
devils," as the Constable says In "Henry
V." Aye." replies Orleans, "but these
Rnjdlsh are shrewdly out of beef." "Then
shall we find to-morrow," says the Con
stable, "they have only stomachs to eat
and none to fight."
That is, swear like a lady and not llko
the wife of a London tradesman. Tha
time here Is that of Henry IV, but the
manners, as In all the historical plays, are
those of the dramatist's own day.
We "need not be surprised that ladies
could indulge In profanity when Queen
Bess had set the example, but it Is never
theless amusing that Shakespeare makes
Hotspur ridicule his wife for her mild at
tempts In that line. When ho says.
"Come. Kate. I'll have your song, too."
and she answers, "Not mine. In good
sooth," Hotspur exclaims:
"Not yours, in good sooth! Heart! you
swear like a com9t maker's wife 'Not
you. In good sooth,' and 'As true as I live,'
and 'As God shall mend me,' and 'As sure
as day,'
And givest such sarcenet surety far thy oaths.
As If thou never walk'st further than Fln3bury.
Swear me, Kate, like a lady as thou art.
A good, mouth-ninn* oath, and leav» "la
sooth"
And such protest of pepper- gingerbread
To velvet-guards ana Sunday-citizens.
Apropos of women", their manners in
that good old 'time were sometimes not
what would now be regarded as ladylike.
In the "Midsummer Night's Dream,"
when Helena and Hermia are quarreling
and the former has called the latter "Pup
pet." Hermia, who la short of stature, re
plies:
Puppet T Why so? Ay«, that way goes the
same.
How low am I, thoa painted maypole? Speak:
How low am I? I am not yet so low
But that my nails can reach Into thine eyes.
And In "2 Henry VI" the Duchess of
Gloucester, when Queen Margaret boxes
her ears, mixes a touch of slang with a
similar threat:
Could I come near your beauty with, my nails
I'd set my ten commandments In your face!
There is a suggestion of the same sort
of feminine pugnacity in "The Two Gen
tlemen of Verona." where the gentle Julia
addresses the picture of Sylvia, which
that lady has sent to Proteus, thus:
I'll cse thee kindly for thy mistress* sake.
That used me so; or else, by Jove, I vow.
I should have scratched cut your unseeing eyes.
To jnake my master out of love with thee. _
been a proverbial expression: "Black men
ar« pearls in beauteous ladles' eyes." This
does not refer to negroes, though in a cer
tain book of Shakespeare quotations It is
put under that head in the classification.
Men might be swarthy and yet comely:
but not so with women. The favorite
type of feminine beauty was the blonde;
brunettes were not in favor. As Shakes
peare says In the one hundred ami twen
ty-seventh sonnet. "In the old age black
was not counted fair." lie says "the old
ege" because he is addressing "the dark
lady" of that group of poems, and he goes
on with an elaborate plea for her claim to
beauty in spite of her complexion. Later,
In a different mood, he calls her "a woman
color'd 111." So, in "Love's Labor'n Lost."
BIren, who has fallen In love with the
dark Rosaline, defends her against hl3
fellow lords, who sneer at her pretensions
to beauty, and declares that "no face is
fair that Is not full so black." Earlier in
the play, when he is chiding himself after
the manner of Benedick for treachery to
bachelorhood, he describes the lady as —
A wightly wanton with a velvet brow
And two pltchtalls stuck In her face for eye*.
AH the references to black eyes In the
plays are in a similar vein.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Alameda County.
Mary Finch (wtfe of W. W.) to Ajrnea Ffcr
rHly. all Interest in lota 81 and S3. Drexler
Tract. Oakland ; $1WO. KhS
Henry Prideaux to John Cuxran. lot on K
line of Thirty-second street, 115 W of 'West. W
K». N W.59. B 60.217. S 77.91 to betflnnlnnf. lot
2, block 20*1. Rowland Tract, Oakland; $300.
John and Anna Curran to Bernard Currin,
all interest In lame; $300.
Bridget Peterson (widow) to Kllzabeta T.
Miller <wlfe of WJlltam a.), lot on Jf line of
Twenty-«lghth street. 90 B of West. E 25 by N"
112. portions of lots 1 and t. Mock D. Whltcher
and Brockhurst Tract. Oakland; rift.
Same to Joseph H. Peterson (son) lot on X
line of Twenty-eighth street. 115 E of Wlest. B
33 by N 112. being th« E 2S fact of lots 1 and
2, block D, same; rift.
Edward w. or E. W. and Anna Kelson to
F.ugene E. Schmltx. lot on E line of Lowell
ftieet, 11.". 3 of Buena Vista avenue. S 31. S3.
R 73.52. N* 33.23. W SO to beginning, being the
X portion of lots 7 and S, block D. Golden
Gate Tract. Oikland: $1000.
Maria Agnes Hraney or Mary E. Heaney t>
John M. Heaney (son), lot on NE corner of
Atlantic and Pine streets. E 8O:7H by K 73:7Vi.
being lots 22. 23 and 24. block S3. map of Oak
l*.nd Point railroad ferry landing. Oakland:
• Iso lot 5, block 473, on map of double block
472. Oakland; gift.
. William A. and Harriet N. Rlstenpart to
Edith M. Raymond, lots 1. 2 and 3. block t>.
amended map of Newbury Tract. Berkeley;
flCOO.
Susan <3. Terls to Samuel T>vl», 4.13 acres
on GE corner of East Fourteenth street and
Twenty-fifth avenue. E 275 by S «50. Brooklyn
Township: $10.
Oakland Bank of Saving* to Frederick Jenny,
lot on N line of Clement avenue, 2«3 W of
Everett street. W 25 by N USOi, being the W 25
feet of lot 11. block G. map of Alameda Sta
tion Homestad Tract. Alameda: $500.
Annie E. and T. B. Draper to Henry S.
Bridge, lot on W line of Grand street. 50 8 of
Clement avenue, "i 21 by W IDS. block 53. town
of EnetMl. Alai Ja (to correct €20 D. 283); $10.
- Carrie B. Brldg* to Ottle M. Fiilmor*. hum;
$2000.
Charles and Emille Clausen to Patrick Me-
Kay. lot on N line of Thirty-second street. 103:3
F*if Chestnut. ECbyN 1<*>. block «75. Watta
Tract. Oakland < quitclaim deed): $3.
Robert J. ' McMullen and . Huldah it. A.
Clausen to same, same.; TIP.
Arthur O. and Lydla B. Flsk and Flora E.
Wertheimer to Charles Carl, lot 233 and S half
of lot 2S6. In plat 1. Mountain Vi«w Cemetery,
Oakland Township; |1D.
Space would fail me even to give with
out comment a list of Shakespeare's many
references to male and female apparel
which throw much light, on the fashions
of the time. I may, nowever, call the at
tention of feminine readers and students
to a scene (111., 4) In "Much Ado About
Nothing," in which Margaret and H«ro
are discussing the wedding trousseau of
the latter. It is too long to quote and there
are things in it which the critics cannot
agree in explaining. One touch shows that
human nature, or woman nature, was the
same ¦ then as now. Margaret refers to
"the Duchess of Milan's gown that they
praise so," and Hero replies, 'Oh. that ex
ceeds, they say." The costume of a lady
of rank and fashion was matter of gos
sip In that day. It would appear. Margaret
adds:" "By my troth, its but a night
gown in respect of vours. • • • For a
quaint, graceful anil excellent fashion
yours is worth ten on *t.V It should be)
understood that "nlsthtgown" here, as
elsewhere in Shakespeare, means a dregs-
Ing gown or robe de chambre. Night
gowns In the modern sense had not then
come Into. use. " r
The aping of foreign fashions was com
mon then, especially with men who had
traveled, and Shakespeare has more than
one hit at the affectation— as. to give a
single instance, in Portia's description of
the Englishman among her suitors: "How
oddly he is suited! I think he bought his
doublet in Italy, his round hose In France,
his bonnet In Germany and his behavior
1 1 1 1 j mill i ii "iHwtn/Mifi ntuBntaw it* ji-ai
When Julia. In a passage quoted above,
calls herself "black" Lit should be under
stood that she meant only sunburned or
somewhat dark' in complexion. In the
same play " we have what seems to - have
In "Troilus and Cresslda" the heroine
speaks of "my mask to defend my beau
ty": and the same practice is alluded to
in "Cymbellne" and "The Winter's Tale."
Black masks were worn by ladles at the
theater. In "Measure Tor Measure" Ange
lo has an eye to the audience In saying:
As these black masks
Proclaim an enshleld beauty ten times louder
Than beauty could dlsplay'd;
and so does Romeo when he says:
These happy masks that kiss fair ladiea' brwwa
Being black put us in mind they hide the fair.
And the disguised Julia, In Th* Two
Gentlemen of Verona." tells how "at Pen
tecost" in a play on the classical story
of Theseus and Ariadne, she took "the
woman's part." She soeaks as a boy, and
this reminds us of sundry allusions In the
plays to the fact that in Shakespeare's
day female parts were still played by
boys or young men. In the epilogue to
"As You Like It" the youth who, after
personating Rosalind, appears in his true
masculine character, could say, "If I
were a woman I would kiss as many of
you as had beards that pleased me": but
when Modieska recited this epilogue It
was a mistake, as I told her vnen I met
her afterward, and later sha made a
slight change in the passage 10 avoid the
inconsistency- .^...
Cleopatra, anticipating the possibility of
being carried captive to Rome, says: ¦
: ; '. -. ¦'-, The quick comedian*
Extemporartly will stage us. and prweot
Our Alexandrian revels: Antony
Shall be brought drunken forth and I shall see
Some squeaking Cleopatra boy my greatness,
where "boy" is ol course a verb and not a
noun.
It will be remembertd that Flute ob
jects to playlnj? Thisbe in the Athenian
interlude ("Midsummer Night's Dream"),
because he has "a beard coming": and
Edwafd Kynaston, a favorlta actor of
female parts in the lime of Charles II.
kept that monarch waiting 1 for a tragedy
to begin "because the aueen was not
shaved.". "•" > i : '
Quince tells Flute that he ' can play
Thisbe "in a mask": and not to dwell
longer on Shakespeare's countless refer
ences to theatrical matters, on which a
-volume might be written, tho au-geation
of Quince reminds us that ladies In th^
days of Elizabeth wore masks to protect
their complexion. Julia, as a page, when
describing her. real self to Sylvia, says
("Two Gentlemen of Verona"):
When she did think my master lored her well.
She In my Judgment, was as fair as you.
But elnce she did neglect her looklnt;-«;las«
And threw her sun-expellltiK mask away.
The air*hath starved the rrmea in her cheeka.
And plncheil the lily-tincture of her face,
And now she is become as black as I. ,
The .historians of the Elizabethan age
tell us little about the everyday life of
the time and we find slight information
on the subject in contemporaneous writers
except the dramatists, Shakespeare in
particular. He was familiar with life In
both country and city and " among all
classes from peasant to noble, and, in a
measure, even to royalty itself. About
half of his life, including the first twenty
years or more and the last five or six,
was passed In Stratford, and the rest in
London, where he became a favorite in
literary and polite circles, was patronized
by -the nobility, and received many marks
of favor from Elizabeth and James.
His works abound in allusions to every
phase of life, whether in nature or in
man, which 'passed before his eyes or
came to his knowledge. Naturally he was
keenly interested in his own art, , which
in his boyhood was entering upon a new
and Important stage In its development.
It was not until 1580, when he was 14 years
of age, that the old religious plays at
Coventry were finally suppressed, and he
may have been an eyewitness of the lat
ent of them. He must have heard about
them if he did not see them, for he has
not a few allusions to them in his plays.
He knew how King Herod used to blus
ter and rag-e on the boards of the theaters
on wheels which were drawn about the
streets of Coventry "for the better ad
vantage of the spectators," as the ver
acious Dugdale relates: and the royal
bully recurred -to his memory when he
made Hamlet say of similar extravagance
in later times, "It out-Herods Herod,"
and when Mistress Page, after reading
Falstaft's boast that, like a true knight,
he will fight for her love, exclaims,
"What a Herod of Jewry is this!" The
buffoon, or Vice of the ancient moralities,
is recalled In the clown's song in "Twelfth
Night": •
, I am cone, sir.
And anon, sir,
I'll be with you again.
In a. trice.
Like to tha old Vice.
Ton need to sustain;
Who, with dagger of lath,
In hii rase and his wrath.
Cries Ah. ha! to the derrtlt
Like a mad lad. •
Pare thy nails, dad!
Adieu, woodman drivel.
So Shallow is compared to a "Vice's
dagger" in "2 Henry IV," and the char
acter is also referred to in "1 Henry Iv,
"Richard HI" and "Hamlet." The "lost
souls," who, dressed in black or black
and yellow, figured In scenes of the last
Judgment, appear In "Henry V." where
the flea on Bardolph's rubicund nose Is
compared to "A black soul burning In
hell fire."
The historical pageants, not based on
biblical subjects, that were familiar to tha
food people of Coventry a century before
hakespeare was born were also known to
him when, in his first wholly original play;
"Love's Labor's Xiost." he Introduced the
burlesque of "The Nine Worthies." The
original text of the drama on the same
popular theme, which had been performed
at Coventry before Henry VI. In 1435. is
still extant and portions of Shakespeare's
travesty seem almost like a parody of it.
Whether. the dramatist actually saw any
of the Coventry moralities or not, he must
often have witnessed the theatrical per
formances associated with the rural fes
tivities of Whitsuntide. Perdita. in "The
Winter's Tale," when distributing her
flowers at the shepherds' feast, says:
Methinks I play as I hav« seen them do
In Whitsim pastorals.
Copyright, 1901, b y Seymour Eaton.
xxin.
Shakespeare's Plays the Only Records
of Everyday Life in the Eliza
bethan Age.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
. WASHINGTON. Jan. 13.— President Mc-
Kinley was so much ' improved In health
to-day that he was able to go out for a
snort drive. * -, ¦• ••¦ ; -' . . •• ¦• _¦
President Much Better.
PORTLAND,. Me., Jan. 13.— Thomas
Clifford Moshlre, aged 27, of Gorham, was
clubbed to death and his mother brutallv
assaulted by two men. one of whom was
a negro. < who • broke into ; their, house Sat
urday night. The negro has been arrested,
but the other man escaped. - <
Who Was Assisted by^, a
White Man.
Awful Crime Committed by a Negro,
MUBDEB THE : SON < AND
ATTACK THE ' MOTHER
LEAVENWORTH, ' Kans.. Jan. 13.—
Judge ¦ Moore to-day issued a warrant
against Fred Alexander, the negro who
attempted to assault Miss Roth yester
day, and to-night the Sheriff *went to
Lansing to: serve it. Many persons
thought that Alexander would be brought
back here to-night and a large crowd of
determined men armed with guns and
ropes gathered at the Jail. ' . . But the
prisoner, was left at xjansing, where he
will remain until the officials deem it safe
to bring him here. <
Negro Fred Alexander Removed to
Another Town, Where He Will
B& Safely Kept.
MOB BENT ON LYNCHING
FOILED BY SHERIFF
¦", ; Thought ¦ to Have Lost Their
Lives In Recent Storm.
YOKOHAMA, Jan. 13.— It is officially re
ported that, 400 fishermen are missing and
that they are supposed to have perished
in a storm January 10 off the west coast.
?
Sail Prom Bermuda. •
'-;.. HAMILTON. Bermuda, ; Jan. 13.— The
United ;. States war vessels Annapolis,
Frolic, iWampatuck and Piscataqua,, con
stituting the mosquito fleet, .which arrived
here January 2, sailed this morning.. .
FOUR HUNDRED JAPANESE '
MAY HAiVE BEEN DROWNED
Officially Reported as Missing and
. -".Pueblo.
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 13.— Several hun
dred delegates to the National Livestock
Convention at Salt Lake left Denver, to
day in special trains over the Rio Grande
and Colorado Midland railroads. Stock
men and associates from Missouri, Kan
sas, Nebraska and Coloraado made up the
parties, and accompanying the . Colorado
representatives was the famous cowboy
band of Pueblo Colo., under the direc
tion of "Jack" Sinclair. The members of
this band wear the- regulation cowboy
makeup, even to the lariat and six-shoot
er. - The ' band has ; been ¦ maintained ¦ for
years by the -Colorado Midland Railroad
and has won numerous prises.
Denver Contingent Accompanied by
. th« Famous Cowboy Band of
DELEGATES START TO THE
LIVESTOCK CONVENTION
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 18. — The resig
nations of General Passenger Agent W.
F. Bailey and General Freight Agent
Anthony Sneve of the Colorado midland
road have been accepted, to take effect
on the f rst of February. Mr. Bailey will
be succeeded by C. H. Spears, secretary
of the local committee of the Western
Passengei Association at Chicago. No
successor is named for Mr. Sneve.
Mr. Sneve will leave for Japan, Korea
and China early next month. It is pos
sible that he will remain in the Orient
in connection with one of the railway
enterprises of H. Colbran, but be expects
to return to- Colorado after an absence of
three of four months.
Mr. Bailey has gone to New Orleans to
attend the meeting of the Transconti
nental Passenger Association. He has
several positions ' in view, one of ths
most favorable of which Is the chairman
ship of a bureau to be maintained by tho
railroad companies for the purpose of
looking after legislation to abolish ticket
brokers. This bureau also may look after
counterfeiters who have been issuing
spurious railway tickets. *
¦¦'. ¦ ... • * »
General Passenger Agent Bailey and
General Freight Agent Sn«ve
Retire.
TWO RAILWAY OFFICERS
.RESIGN THEIR PLACES
The license committee consists of
Trustees Christian Hoff and Thomes
Dowd, both from West Berkeley. As all
of the men who have applied for licensed
have been in business here before a
favorable report is expected in each case.
The Trustees will also consider bids for
the construction of the new high school.
It is expected that the contract will be
granted and work commence Immediately.
The protest against the Haste street
opening, which has caused unusual inter-.
e~* will be: heard.
Although the- saloon men will be paying
for licenses from the first of this year,
thev cannot open until after practically a
month has elapsed. They had expected to
have their saloons open by January 1, but
a misprint in the liquor ordinance, coupled
with numerous technical Relays, has kept
their doors closed. Naturally they are
indignant over the turn affairs have
taken.
The Trustees will meet to-morrow even
ing, when it was expected that the li
censes would be* granted. Instead the
board will receive the twenty applica
tions which have been filed with the Town
Clerk and refer them to the license com
mittee. This committee cannot repof t un
til the next regular meeting, two weeks
from to-morrow.
BERKELEY, Jan. 13.— No liquor
licenses can be granted by the Town
Trustees until January 28. This delay 's
made necessary by a provision In tha
town charter. '
Technical Delay Will Keep
Saloons Closed Until
Last of Month.
TWO WEEKS MORE
OF DRY BERKELEY
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 13.
Though the delegates to the Republican
and Democratic conventions have been
elected it will be two weeks before these
conventions are held. During this inter
val there will be plenty of time for the
delegates to discuss possibilities and can
didates.
The executive committee of the Munici
pal League held a meeting last night and
there was a great deal of discussion over
future movements of the organization.
There is an element In the league that id
trying to prevent the Republican Commit
tee of Twenty-one from swallowing the
league and there are some members of the
league who are in favor of the committee
of twenty-one. While* Ihe Republicans and
Democrats had no contests in their ranks
the Municipal League seems to be the
storm center of all political activity..
The executive committee finally decided
to refer all matters to the full league meet
ing, which takes place to-morrow evening,
when the date of the primaries and the
convention will be determined upon and
the official list of delegates announced.
This meeting is bound to be exciting be
cause of the two elements that are seek
ing for control.
Many names have been mentioned for
different nominations, but there are few
declared candidates for any particular of
fflce. • :¦-..» •.-». .
The only recent declaration that has
been made is that of Councilman B. C.
Cuvellier, " who wants to be re-elected.
Mr. Cuvellier had declared himself as an
aspirant for the Municipal League nom
ination from the Third Ward, but to-day
he said that h« would be a condidate for
Councilman at large. George i-itzgerald
is likely to be the nominee of the commit
tee of twenty-eight and Mr. Cuvellier will
take his chances at large in preference to
a fight with Fitzgerald.
For Mayor the names of the following
have been mentioned in connection with
the nomination of the committee of twen
ty-eight: Anson Barstow, W. H. Chick
erlng, William Moller, Frank K. Mott, D.
Edward Collins, Harry N. Morse and J.
W. Evans. The names mentioned in con
nection with the Municipal League nom
ination for the same office have been H.
A. Powell. John F. Towle, Walter G. Man
uel, J. W. Evans and Frank K. Mott. The
Democrats seem only to have one name
under consideration— that of Warren B.
English. William R. Davis will not co-.
sent to the use of his nams in connection
with the office of Mayor.
For City, Attorney the names of Jame*
A. Johnston and Asa V. Mendenhall ar?
before the delegates of the committee of
twenty-eight. The Municipal Leaguers
are considering Clarence Crowell and W.
A. Dow and the Democrats J. Ev McEl
roy and H. A, Luttrell.
The indications are that the flght for
City Engineer will again be between M.
K. Miller with the Municipal League nom
ination and Monte Clement with the nom
ination of the committee of twenty-eight
Struggle to Control the Mu
nicipal League Nomi
nations.
MANY NAMES ARE
DEBATED UPON
the Cfcleftaln from Florence, Colo., says:
A big mass meeting of coal miners of
Fremont County was called this afternoon
to decide what action should be taken in
assisting the present strikers at Erie,
Colo., and Gallup, N. ' ¦ Ml The meeting
was called on the strength of a telegram
cent by President Mitchell of the National
Unltea Mine Workers' Union of America
to District President John Qreer. The
meeting- was held at the Town Hall at
Rockvale and each of the mines at the
town* of Brookside, Coal Creek, Rockvale
and Fremont had full delegations present.
After considerable debate in- English and
foreign languages the strike was ordered.
It Is a sympathetic strike and made for
no other purpose than to • aid the . miners
of Gallup and Erie. To-morrow morning
the employes will go to their work, but
only for the purpose of loading out such
coal as -Is lying loose in their places of
work and also to pillar up their room bo
that If the mines are Idle for some time,
as it 1* probable they will be, they will
be in flrst-claes condition. when work is
resumed. There are 1500 men working
in the Fremont County fields. . ". • .<-:¦¦,-,
Miners of Fremont County Decide to
Quit Work to Assist Strikers
x>too l v\s& v»
PUEBLO. Colo., Jan. . 13. — A . special to
WILXj GO OUT ON A
SYMPATHETIC STRIKE
the Benefit of Members and
Their Lady Friends.
OAKLAND, Jan. 13.— The Reliance Ath
letic Club will give a ladles' night to-mor
row The Alameda orchestra, under the
direction of Heir Voght, will take part
and' the following programme, will be
given: • ,
Orchestra (a), "Stars and Stripes" (Bouza),
(b) "Faust" (Oouno<J): double trapeze, Dura-
Ing and Grim: specialties. George Hammer
smith- barytone eolo, prologue from "Pagllac
ci " Thomas Jacques: Maurice Cramer, rartime
pianist: orchestra. "Tales From Vienna Woods"
(Johann Strauss) • tenor boIo, selected, W. J.
O'BrUn; recitations, T. W. Hlckeyj monol
<>Kist. W. J. Hyneajchib Juggling. Fairbanks
Bros.: "Woodland Whispers" (Caibulka), or
chestra. ...... \ **•"
Excellent Programme Arranged for
tLADTES' NIGHT OF
".THE RELIANCE CLUB
OAKLAND. Jan. 12.— Mlsa Minnie
Stevens, aged 20, committed suicide at
Point Richmond this morning while in
sane. Phe was living with her sister,
Mrs. George French, and ate breakfast
with the family at the usual hour. She
seemed in good health and spirits and ate
a hearty meal.
Shortly after breakfast the noise of a
fall was heard In her room and the fam
ily found her dying from the effects of
carbolic acid which she had taken.
She had once been in the Insane asylum,
but for more than a year had apparent
ly been of sound mind. No cause Is as
signed for the act.
Miss Minnie Stevens Commits Sui
cide While Insane, at Sister's
Home, Point Richmond. ._.-
DBIJTKS CARBOLIC ACID
AND DIES INSTANTLY
In trying to avoid the outgoing Southern
Pacific Owl- train he stepped in front of
the local, and before he could heed the
Bharp warning whitsle he was struck and
thrown clear of the track. The train was
stopped and Conductor Wylie took the in
jured man aboard, hastening the run In
to Oakland, but Emrich was dead In a
few minutes. His injuries were internal.
The body was taken to the Morgue.
Deceased was 46 years old and a native
of Germany. He had been in business at
the stockyards for several years with
John Breuer. ¦'¦<
Emrich had been to supper at his board-
Ing house on the west side of the railroad
tracks. He left tf few minutes before tho
accident and started, It is supposed, to
cross the tracks to go to his home on
Folger avenue, close to the opposite Bide
of tho railroad right of way.
Peter Emrich, a sausage casing manu
facturer, was struck and fatally Injured
by the Inbound San Ramon local train at
the stockyards crossing, Berkeley, at 5:45
this evening. Emrich died on the train
which atruck him, while he was being
taken to Oakland for surgical treatment.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 13.
Peter Emrich Meets Tragic
Death at a Crossing in
Berkeley.
KILLED BV TRAIN
HE DID NOT SEE-
doctors Burmlee that she has been sickly
and is possibly under some severe mental
strain, which has caused a temporary de
rangement. Mrs. McConahy is about 45
years of age, plain of features, bearing
marks of illness upon her drawn and
pinched countenance. She was decently
but plainly clad.
John McConahy, of 622*£ Grove street,
San Francisco, called at the Receiving
Hospital this evening and identified the
woman as his wife. He said that she had
had a suicidal tendency for some time.
She left her home this morning and had
evidently come right to Oakland and at
tempted to drown herself.
WOMAN ATTEMPTS TO END HER LIFE IN THE WATERS OF THE
BAY BY JUMPING FROM FERRY-BOAT BERKELEY. AS IT IS EN
TERING THE SLJP AT OAKLAND.
ley as the steamer was entering
the Blip at 9:30 o'clock this morning' at
Oakland pier, with the evident Intention
of committing suicide. Just before the
despondent woman sank from sight she
Bcreamed, attracting the attention of
deckhands on the ferryboat Piedmont, ly
ing In the inside slip.. A boat was quickly
lowered and the rescuers reached the
drowning woman just in time to save her
from the death she courted.
The woman was unco'nscious when the
deckhands carried her into the depot. She
was wrapped In blankets and put aboard
the Alameda local train and taken to First
Ftreet and Broadway. Prom there-Police
man Andrews and Detective Shorey hast
ened with her to the Receiving Hospital.
Dr. Stratton and Assistant James Page
after an hour's effort succeeded in restor
ing the woman to consciousness, though
the doctors thought she had suffered a
severe congestion of the lungs and that
her condition was serious.
As soon as the woman had revived, ef
forts were made by the hospital staff to
l^arn her identity and the cause for the
deed. To all inquiries the patient was
evasive. At the outset she said her name
was Mar>* Dixon. that she was the wife
of a carpenter residing on Grove street,
San Francisco. Subsequently .she declared
that Dixon was an assumed name used to
throw any inquirers off the track.
"It would kill my husband and child If
they knew what I have done," she burst
out suddenly, and then as suddenly re
lapsed into sphinxllke silence.
The only evidence that would lead to
the solution of the mystery was in a postal
card, found in her clothing. The dimmed
and blurred superscription read so far as
could be deciphered, "Mr. John McConahy,
lilVi Grove street, San Francisco." On
the reverse side was the following::
Dear Sir: riease call at 914 Pine stre«t to
morrow. Friday, afternoon or Saturday morn
ing to lay carpet.
December. 6.
The address, "42S*£ Fulton street," was
also written on the card.
Not a word would the patient utter con
cerning her plunge into the bay. The
OAKLAND, Jan. 13.— Mrs. John
McConahy, a middle-aged woman,
of San Francisco, leaped froin the
after deck of the ferryboat Berke-
Mrs. John McCohahy of This City Seeks to End Her Life in
Oakland Ferry Slip While Temporarily Deranged,
ATTEMPT TO COMMIT SUICIDE
BY JUMPING FROM FERRYBOAT
NEWS of the Bay Cities Alameda OAKLAND Berkeley
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MOND A Y* JANUARY 14, 1901.
Southern Pacific Employe and Former
British Soldier Dies After an
hventtul Career.
VETERAN OF THREE
WARS PASSES AWAY
THE LATE TTILLIAM HALL, WHO SERVED TWENTY-ONE YEARS IN
THE BRITIEH ARMY AND FOUGHT IN INDIA. CHINA AND THE
Crimea. ; - : - ¦: '¦:¦.. .-:
OAKLAND. Jan. 13.— Tbomu J. Puliis,
a member of Hose Company No. 1 died
to-day from pneumonia at his residence,
45S Sixth street. The deceased flrcman was
S3 years of ace czzl wu married.
Death of a Fireman.
7
The man who returns an umbrella is
not conscience stricken; It Is a case ofTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1901.
8
HELP WASTED MALE.,
MARKER and distributor to work after 3 p. m-
French Laundry. 638 Howard st __
"WANT_1>— Painters and paperhangera at 290*
Sixteenth st
WANTED— A dishwasher. Hotel Montrose
1020 Vae3I{es3 ave.
WANTED— Boy in fruit store; $8 per week.
Call 9 to 10. 1576 Market st.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of il and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet
1 Inch In height; able to read, write and
speak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
st. San Francisco. Cal.
SALESMEN— To sell Imported and domestic
liquors, principally fine Kentucky whiskies
and blends, case and barrel goods, to Jobbers
and saloon trade; good chance to the right
man: salary or commission. R. S. STRADER
& SON. CO _ 71 E. Water St., Lexington, Ky.,
TAILORS— Wanted for the country, man who
can cut and sew. Call Monday, 11 a. m., at
STEIN, SIMON & CO.'S. Market and Second
sts.. San Francisco. .
WANTED— A solicitor of high grade who can
pp»*ent a high class proposition to selected
inT r -«duals^ ro canvassing; high pay for
«*pT _»»in. 'tRoom 5. 5» Market st.
MKN'is"itt" V ¦'' ;rn barber trade; only eight
weeks lUfUireoVpositlon guaranteed: special
inducements: ¦ catalogue free. : MOLER S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. .
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
niDs Denver House, 217 Third st; Io0 large
rooms; 25o per night; »1 to 12 per week.
BARBERS, a complete three-chair outfit for
sale cheap. Apply 802 Larkin St.
WANTED— Men or women; big commissions.
Utlca Cleansing Compound Co.. 21 Spear st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
TAILORS for ladles* tailoring at School of 'Art
and Cutting Academy; 817-81* Post st
CABINET makers wanted; first-class. FINK
A SCHINPLHR. 1309 Market »t %
WANTED— Cook or waiter as partner In res-
taurant: must have $175. R. R.. box 1143,
Call office^ —
WANTED— A practical gardener; single man.
215 Hayes st -
WANTED— S good tmnkmakers. D. D. WHIT-
NEY. Los jtf ryles, Cal. '
15b BARBER sK' ./choice location: Market st;
first-class trade; bargain. Box 1020. Call.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
WANTED— Man who understands nursery work
and Jobbing gardening. 600 Halght st
PENSIONS-^J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm, 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard st.
S. F. Barber School. •__
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2g Steuart
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
"bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore wt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M
Valencia st. '
HEMORRHOIDS.
A3fY case oif Plies, Piles, Piles, Piles; over f*>
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be interviewed;
no sureery. salves or ointments: no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther rwrtlculars add. Physician, box 1350. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st: auction pales every Wednesday.
EVLLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
GOOD horse and . delivery wagon: also top
bugey and harness. Inquire at grocery
northwest corner Greenwich and Baker its.
FINE, gentle horse, together with surrey and
harness In good order, for sale chsap.
STANLY MAYALL, G126 Kearny St. 3. F.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
Invalid chairs and tricycles.
BOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames trtoycie
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
LOST AND FOl'XD.
LOST— On Hayes St.. bet. Van Ness and Polk,
pair gold specks, black leather case. Return
36 Hayes St.. fruit stand.
LOST— Large shepherd's crook with diamond
6ettln". Reward of $100 will be given and
no questions asked upon return of same to
M. BERNARD, Campbell. Metson & Camp-
bell. 116 .Crocker building.
LOST— Friday (11th), lady's gold watch: initials
I. C. R. on one side, diamond on reverse side.
Return to 2614 Laguna st. and receive reward.
LOST— On MUsion-st cars or between Fourth
and Fifth sts., small gold watch and chain,
valued as keepsake. Reward at 1096 Valencia.
LOST— Fox' terrier, tan colored, with collar;
rewardi-.;1421 Buchanan st. ; LEPSIC BROS.
FOUXI>-V •'[all barge adrift between ilarin
Islands aiul .Jan Quentin on Friday, Jan. 4, ¦
by JOHN GEORGE. San Quentln.
LOST — Brown pocketbook on Market st Re-
turn to 877 Sutter St.; reward.
WANTED— Old gold for manufacturing. O.
NOLTE, Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell st. between
¦Powell and Mason. _^
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and preclou* stones
bought J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
'- -ecelved at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
" MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. Jd-hanfl machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BAPS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
ltLjleum. v#'-w and second-hand; we always
°V£ve a la?£e- stock of saloon outfits on hand;
complett 'outfits on one floor, ready made;
r we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
UOONAN. 1017, 1019, 1021. 1C23 F ilssion St..
above Sixth: write for cataloguer
BI5 a brand-new typewriter for (3 down and
$5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 Callforni*
st: rentals, new machines. >3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st
50,000-GALLON redwood tank; 12,000 feet 3. 4
and 6 Inch pipe and fittings. THOMPSON,
40 Main st
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale: compound beam.
Apply at 216 California st
2D-HAND steam, gas, oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White, 616 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, ' boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFO. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
. bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st
SAFES— New and second hand, THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 S_framento «t
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD _ BRECK. 131 Poet st.
SAFES — New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St., San Fran.
. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
LADIES' and gents' cast-oft clothing bought &
sold. Silverman, 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L,
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st
MINING^ AXD ASSAYING.
; HALF Interest or less for sale in developed
> high-grade gold quartz mine In California:
t part cash, balance In Installments: thorough
investigation invited. For particulars and
" • references address Owner, box 1131, CaJL
MEDICAL.
- DR. G. -~. O'DONNELL. moved to 101S Market.
opp. 6th; world-renowned ladles' specialist;
• safe, reliable;. practiced In San Francisco for
J years; treated thousands of cases successful! •.
treatment can be used at home; consultatl s \
'. free.- After all others fall call on him.. , ,
THE Great Mountain Warrior; wonderful cure
", ,for rheumatism and all rheumatic pains; cure
guaranteed; apply externally. Price II per
bottle, prepaid, by E. M. DAVIS. 1415*4 Baker
; st..; San Francisco, Cal. ¦-¦' ¦¦- — rt-
. MRS. DR. KOHL, 997 Market st, cor. Sixth-
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
J5; positive cure guaranteed: when others fail
- . consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, -s
• DRS. GOODWIN, 1007% Market, expert on dls-
eases of women; 15 years' practice In S. F.. a
! cure guaranteed: t5 at office: have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success;, see free.
t • DR. POPPER, specialist for S7 years for female
, troubles. 323 Kearny st. ; call and see me.
• MRS. P! GWYER. ladles' specialist; homo
. for pa. v.. -its. 604 Eddy st
SPIRITUALISM. :-.«?-; ¦."- :
_RS. DIL worid-rero/wned spirit^
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, lawl
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; olrs. Sun., Wed., Frl. ev's. :
Come and.bs convinced. Permanently located.
11* Eddy st ; . bet Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
readings daily. 10 to 10. Vendome, 1104 Mar- •
ket St.. rgpm 14. _^
EARLE, SOS Taylor st, corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MMB. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 148 Eddy st.
MRS. LESTER— Readings dally; circle every I
eve., lOo, exoept Wed., devel. circle. 222 Turk.
ALEXANDER CARTELL. healer & developar; .
short time only: treats all diseases. 8 Eddy.
C. Mayc-Bteers, . 112% Oak, trance medium;
readings $1; hours 1-5 p. m.; tel. Howard 627.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally: tests to all to-night: 10o.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Fajrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS. -^
MME. M. BERNARD, "
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Business Medium.
Is permanently located at 17 Third st, next
Examiner building. She reads your life . cor-
rectly, gives an accurate description of the
past reveals the present happenings and por-
trays events to occur in the future. If you
are in trouble, discontented, unhappy or -not
satisfied In life, or have domestic, love or busi-
ness troubles, consult this great medium and
you will be told how to overcome them.
Valuable advice In all affairs of life.
Full life reading by mail; write for Informa-
tion: ZSo up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. S\ CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, li permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 23
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist: 15 yearn" experience: her knowledge of the
unseen forces Is Invaluable to professional and
business men. to wives and lovers; follow her
advice and you will make no mistake. 1104
Market St., corner Mason, room 28.
MMB. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant * card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 60c.
gents fl; palm, and clalr. sit. U 60. 126 Turk.
IEMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MME. LAROSB, olair* -oyant card reader: best
advice, 85c up. 472 Stevenson st., oor. Sixth.
MRS. BHOWN, scientiflo card reader; readings
daily. 109 Fifth st, room 8. ¦•
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past
present future; SSo. 148 Sixth at. room 14.
MRS. MBLVDL.L, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader. 11 Sixth st; German spoken.
MME. VALEEN" clairvoyant " card reader,
palmist and healer. 215 Leavenworth st
MME, ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
lst and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh et
MRS. B, BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, «has removed to 808 O'Farrell st
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M.- DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium, 215 Kearny st, rooms 8-10.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant card reader:
elttlngs dally. 44SH Jessie st
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work I
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat- j
ing Works. 353-,357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40. ]
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie S44.
J.* E. MITCHELL, Carpet- Beating and Reno- j
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74. i
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st; i
tel. Main 234. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 128. j
COLLECTION' OFFICES. v
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 810. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$9 — COTTAGE; rear: 4 rooms and attic; garden;
close to cars. 1121H Filbert st.
_~_~ DEXTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLfNIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; tseth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
{3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Roee Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 60; nlllngs, 50c; plates,
Jo. 'full set: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or nlllngs by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from t% per set; extracting. 60c; pas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
Mission st, cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges: difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, 50c.
A. L. BIMPSON, D.D. 8., 1206 Market st— Ex-
pert tooth extractor; crown and bridgework.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 236 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Palnl jbs" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth.
SET ot teeth without plates. . DR. 51 gT
YOUNG, U41 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating, pinking. US McAllls-
ter: branch 121 Post, over O'Connor, Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
EVENING SCHOOL, ,8. F. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market Bt. ; individual Instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $3 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; $8 per month; S60 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 5 months; catalogue free.
GALLAOHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert P.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand, reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'B BUSINESS COLLEGE, 14 Post St.,
8. P.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
and night sessions; newsO-page catalogue frea.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSrNESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all its graduates. S05 Larkin st.
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct, 220 Parrott bid*.
ENGINEERING, civil, eleo.. mlnlng.'mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ;day. eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. BBS Market.
MI8S M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, beat system. 302 Montgy. f
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; Pitman ¦ sys-
tem; private lessons by an experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL, 128 Kearny St., r. 53.
FRENCH.Spanish.etc.Prof.DeFillppe'sAcadem*
of languages S20 Post; estab' dlS71; ablest profs.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 1S7 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; fS mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
, TLT/rSTRATTON: night clayi». 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
1 JAPANESE responsible housecleanlns co. ; est.
; 1870; practical recommend; try them; removed
' to 419 Devlsadero; tel. Fell 136. P. HAMADA.
• JAPANESE and Chinese help. of : all , kinds;
• oooks. waiters and ¦ house servants. ¦ GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Poat St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
.best help. 626 O'Farrell St.; tel. 'Hyde 2131.^
! RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment' of-
flce; all kinds help. 31S Stockton; Main 5188.
: A B C EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ctc help fur. 644 California; phone James 2601.
ORPHEJUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
: nese help. 423 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black ET/72.
¦ CHINESE and Japanese Employment Of flee—
1 -i??!!.^* tiffi OTarrcU rt| tel. Eaet jM.
fa.\ rn ax cis co call,
BUS~~"3 OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, comer cf Market and Third streets; epea
cr-til 12 o'clock every night In the rear.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until ttSO p. m.
J00 Hayes street; open until J:I3 p. m.
CSS MeAll_ter street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
G5 Lcrkln ttreet; open until »:2° p. «n.
1SU Mission Etreet; open until lfl P- =»•
_€1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cstll i p. rn.
106 Eleventh street: open until I p. m.
1~« Valencia etreet: open until t p. m.
Northweet comer Twenty-second and Ken-
rnrky ttreetr; open until 9 p. rn.
f— ¦ ¦— — ~ — — — ¦— — — > — ™^— —^— — *~~~~^^^^^
BIEETIXG NOTICES.^
GOI_>EN GATE Con_candery No. 1*. *j3fr-,
K. T.. Golden Gate buildiiis. 625 fcut- gfBg 3 *
ter Et— Special Assembly THIS E\L.V £3
ING, at S o'clock. Th« order of the C»
Tenirl* and __ta will be conferred. .— -
All fratere are courteously tn^. te^i_ -,^_
ROBERT MCMILLAN, Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA, Rircorder.
EAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. RgT* 1 «&•
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- foj\
ING. Ir.fetaliatloa of officers. * V '
OCCIDENTAL Lodce No. C2. F. and A. m
„ —THIS (MOSDAY) EVENING, at _*\_
7:30 o'clock, first decree. By order of TIX
ie . ' WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
HERMANN Lodge No. _7. F. and A. _
M-— Called mecilns THIS DAY (MOS-Vl^
DAT), January 14. 1801, at 7:30 o - clock fcZ\
z>. m. Deg. 1. By order of the W. M. ' *
* L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KINO SOLOMON'S Lodge No. SK>. F. m
ji_d A. 1L. Frex.klin H_l. Flllmore. ~*\_
t»-t—^n Uufh and Sutter— First Ogrree >£_?
THIS EVENING, at 7:30. 'V >
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
EXCELEIOIt Lodge No. 810. L O. <v_^__j»
O F.— All rr.trr.l- rt a.r* rt queued -Si5?Ch5=
to attend installation of officers
MONDAY EVENING January U. y *M'&-
1S01. Visitor* cordially Invited.
W. A. McINNIS, N. O.
O. M. COLB~RN. «. S.
CALIFORNIA Lodte No. L L O. jflgStS*-.
O. F.-_i mbers will a-l attend £*^T?_st
meeting MONDAY EVF.NLNG. S»J5_2?
Jan. 14. The Grand Master will '***»~^
pay us an offlci_ visit; his lecture la
both entertaining and Instructive. Visitors
v.-clcomc. O. H. DOHLSON. N. Q.
ANNUAL Kf«!ng — Regular annual meeting of
the etockhclders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the i
comvar.}-, £27 Market et., £an Francisco. Cal.,
en MONDAY, the £Sth day of January. 1601.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a Board ol Directors to serve
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
euch other business as —ay come before the
rceeUr-.g. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
day. J_iuary 17, 1601, at S o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ETOCKHOLDHES' Meeting— Tie annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 122 Market Et.. Ean Francisco, on Tues-
cay. January 22. 1SCI, at 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a Board of Directors
to etrve for the ensuing year, and for th«
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
J. O'B. GUNN. Secretary.
Office K2 Market st. San Francisco, CaL
January 10. lSCl-
TO the Etockholders and members of the C F.
Kapp Company, a corporation: Notice is
hereby given that a general meeting of the
etockholders and mecibers cf the C. F. Kapp
Company, a corporation, will be held at its
office and place of business. No. 1200 Market
ct.. In the city and county of Ean Francisco,
State of California, on SATURDAY, the J6th
day cf January. 190L at the hour of 12
o'clock r_. the object cf eaid meeting being
the removal from cface cf the following
named directors cf said copcratloa. to wit:
C. H. Koehncke. Bertha Koehncke. Carl W.
M-Jeller and Alfred Fnhrman, and ihat at
euch rceeting it is the Intention of the under-
signed to propose the remcval of each of said
directors, and also at eald meeting the repeaj
amendment end adoption of new by-laws will
be censidcred. CHAS. F. KAPP.
President C. F. Kapp Company.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders cf the Oceanic Stea_-
ehlp Company will be held at the office of
the company, *27 Market at.. Ean Francisco.
California, on MONDAY. January 21. 1M1. at
the hour of 11 <<clock a. m ... for the pur-
pose of •electing a Board of Directors to serve I
fcr the ensuing year, and the transaction cf
ruch other business aa may come before the
meeting. Transfer bocks will close on Thurs-
da.v Januarv 10. lfiOl, at 3 o'clock p. m.
" E. H. EHELDON. Secretary.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN
RULE BAZAAR- To the Stockholders of The
Eir.rorium and Golden Rule Bazaar, a Cor-
poration: Pl«ras« take notic* that the annual
meeting: of the etockholders of The Empo-
rium and Golden Ra'.e Bazaar, a corporation,
will be held at the principal office cf the
company. In the Parrott building, located on
Market St., between rourth and Fifth. In the
city and county of San Francisco. State of
California, on THUP.SDAY. the 17th day of
January. 1531. at 2 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose cf electing directors and for the
transaction of such other business as may
properly coro<» before the meeting. By order
cf the Board of Directors.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Becretary.
Dated .Tar.ua ry 2, 15C1.
JCOTICt! Is benrtiy e'.ven that a special meet-
lr.g of the rtoekholfle— of The Ean Francisco
cn4 San Jraquin Valley Railway Company
will be hfU at the principal l . office of the
company In the city cf San Francisco, CaL.
on FATTODAT. the nineteenth (19th) day of
January. 1SC1, et 12 o'clock nocn, for the pur-
pose of approving and ratifying an agree-
ir.ent for the eale and coaveyanace to and
rurehase-r-y The Atchlecn. Topeka and Eanta
Ff Railway Company of the railroad, prop-
erty end franchises of The San Francisco and
Pan Jeaquin Valley Railway Company, and
to trsr.rart any other business that m*y
legally crmi» tiefrre the meeting.
/.LKXANDER MAC—IE. Secretary.
Fan Frenctsco, January 4. 130L »,-.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the etockhclders of the Pajaro
Valley Consolidated Railroad Company will
tie held ct the ofnee of the company, 227
Market rt.. Pan Francisco, on MONDAY, the
twenty-first day of January, 1801, at the hour
cf 11 o'clock a. m., fcr the purpose of elect-
ing a board cf directors to 6erve for the
ensulnr year and the transaction of such
bi_:ness as may oome before th« meet-
Ing. The transfer books will close on Friday,
January IS, 1SC1. at 3 o'clock p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
¦ECTOGI I'BlTcnal Brotherbood.
AKD Theosophical Bociety, Sth anniversary;
three days' Jubilee; Sunday evening. ISth,
subject. "Twentieth Century Battles": Mon-
day evening, 14th. "Hypatla," Greek fvmpo-
Bltm In costume; Tuesday, ISth, mystic In-
terpretation of "The Tempest." tableaux;
. »<-s<;i»rr.y of gripr.r>y Hall. T.9 Market et.
AGEXT9 WAXTED. .
WANTED— First-class advertising solicitor; big
money to the right man. 927 Market r. £15.
EKW ING marhiae and photo agents. Box
!0_. Call office.
f^.0 TO I'M per month; men or women; salary
cr corr.inirslon or both. 8C7 Market st. r. 615.
ADOPTION.
A GOOD home open fcr girt or boy baby. Afld.
Mr?. Dr. Fur.k>, U\t Eighth St.. Aiam^a.
ATTORNEYS AT —A.W.
Ti. W.1oNg7 527 Market st, 6th floor, room €27
—Estates, damage*, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all cases; fair fee; no advance
chargee; loans on estates. TeL Howard 15S7.
ADVICE free;. divorce law a specialty; private;
r.o fee without success; collections. G. W.
¦ HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market cor. Stocktn.
CL'ETER. Herman J.. attorney-at-law. 827 Mar-
ket, r. 706; open evenings; consultation free.
FRANK W. SMITH; mining and probate law a
specialty. Mills big., r. S. 4th fir. ; tel. Red SC18.
ADVICE f— <e: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ?27 Market et.. opp. _— son.
L. a CLARK. Emma Sprf/iels bldg., *27 Mar-
fret "st: consultation f reef tip fees in advance.
' AM'HALTtM HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: portal. 11S6 Mission* tel. Fo'.sora 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
ATrpJoLOGY^- Send date of birth for proof ol
astrological science. E* 8. GREEN, 1S04 Mar-
ket et.
~ BATH CABISETS.
ELJXTRIC Usht bath cabinet* to let and foi
tale. 1T.3S Point Lobes ave.
BOARDING FOR CUILDRE.V.
GOOD heme for 1 or 2 children; German lady;
tiort ot references from former parties. IZ6A
Sixth ft. .
CIGAR FTORE— Splendid flowntow n location
paying burinees; rent $60; good stock* and fix-
tures; sickness cause of Felling; genuine bar-
ratn at price; $800; many other bargains lr
bus. opportunities. O. W. ECHWEINHARD,
phone Mint 1S1L $17 Market bet Eth and 6th
A — WANTED — A good tenant for grand cornei
store and basement, with fixture* suitable foi
frrocery business; special Inducements. Ap-
ply EPECK & CO., €67 Market st -
l?00-RnSTAURANT proposition; seldom offered:
rent 136; payments. P. McRAE. IS! Mission at
mnn Information: homes and buelness. IMMI-
GRATION BUREAU, 211 Eracilacr b_l<_nff.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE..
YOUNG, Btrong Eastern girl desires situation
aa second girl or housework; San Rafael pr»-.
f erred. MISS CULLEN 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurseglrl
or to assist In housework; reference. MISS
CULLEN. £„ Butter st
A GOOD general b casework girl wants good
place in a small Aoiedcan family; good plain
oook: small .waelo wages $20. 637 Frederick
st, .between Stanyan and Waller. -
A COMPETENT woman for general housework
and cooking; $20 and $25 a month. C. H.. box
1132. Call office.
SWEDISH woman wants a place as house-
keeper or cooking on ranch; city or country.
Call cor. Falcon & Moss; lSth-st. oar to Moss.
ELDERLY woman wishes place, to do all kinds
of liKht housework In the city. Call at 230
Minna st. r--.-.' ->¦ '
POSITION wanted by reliable and experienced
restaurant woman as cashier and stewardess.
. Box US2. Call office. '-
! COMPETENT woman wishes work by day,
i washing, ironing and housecleanlnj. 808
Fulton st. near Franklin. ¦
A COMPETENT woman wishes general house-
work and cooking; $20 and $25 a month. C.
H., box 1132, Call office. t
A SWEDISH girl wishes a poeltlon to do cook-
lng and tome housework. Call 177 Perry et.
GIRL of 14 wishes a place to care for child or
assist. Call at S3 Juniper st
GERMAN girl wishes a situation In small fam-
lly to do fine cooking. Call at 227^ Hayes St.
WOMAN will do washing at home or go out
by the day. MRS. F., 335 Fourth st
GIRL would like poeltlon minding baby and
aaslst 1S81 Minna st ¦
GIRL, would like position to mind baby and
assist 1346 Minna st '
WOMAN" wishes housework by the day. Ad-
dress E13 Folsom Et.
A YOUNG woman lately from the East wants
a position as housekeeper; only those meaning
businers need answer. Box 1006, Call office.
A REFINED young lady studying muslo 'would
like to devote afternoons to some lady- as
companion; reference. Address 1609 Larkin.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. ISO Fourth • st i .
YOUNG woman would Ilk* a position as house-
- keeper or plain sewing. 1235 . Market st,
room ». between Eighth and Ninth.
PERFECT fitter on tailor and evening suits
wants engagements; $1 25 per day: 244 Taylor.
WOMAN wants position caring .for children;
German families. Address box 728, Call.
A WOMAN wishes a place to do chamber
work or general housework. Box 1112, Call.
YOUNG lady from Hanover wishes a situation
as nursery governess for young child or aa
lady's companion; best of references. Box
1106. CbJI office. . '
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 SO night. $1 50 to $6
week; 'convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.'
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A FRENCHMAN, with the best of references,
wants situation as cook or waiter In a private
family. Address N. W.. box 1144, Call office.
YOUNG Eastern man wishes position In whole-
sale house; best reference; 2 years' experl-
ence. Box 1151. Call.
GERMAN, wants position; can milk and drive;
plain gardener. J. KIECKBUSCH, 711 Cali-
fornia st.
COOK wants situation; hotel, restaurant or
family; steady, willing man. Address Cook,
318 ' Minna st.
COOI& wants a situation In a coffee house or
resta irant: no Sunday work; downtown. Ad-
dress AL NAUDE, 6 Magner place.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants situation
In private family; understands any style of
cooking. Apply YAMA, 923 Sacramento st.
SITUATION wanted by drug clerk; 4 years'
experience; best reference. Box 11S6. Call.
RELIABLE middle-aged man wishes position;
Is a horsd doctor; understands gardening,
. carpenter work, painting, etc.; can do any
kind of work around private residence. Ad-
dress ISAAC BLOOM, 4S East Et.
A STRONG, reliable man-led man, 45, German.
would like any kind of position In wholesale
ehouse or warehouse; always steady and sober;
good references. Box 2072, Call office, Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work about place;
understands care of horses ; can milk; good
gardener: handy With tools; good references.
R. G.. 2426 Buena Vista ave.. Alarm-da.
SALESMAN wants position In country store;
best of t:lty references; has been 15 years In
the last two situations. s Address box 934,
Coll office.
A — COLORED man and wife want situations as
cooks In a boarding house or institution, city.
Box 1114. Call office. . ¦ ¦
PAINTER, paperh'anger, tinter for Inside and
outside work; 16 years' experience; first-class
references. Painter, box 1116, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position to do gen-
eral housework or bedmaker in hotel, lodg-
ing or rooming house. Box 1129, Call office.
MIDDLE - AGED man, practical gardener,
wishes a position: Is handy man around house
and with horses. Box 1138, St. Joseph's Home.
WANTED— Position to work as gardener or to
repair lawn; general handy man; can furnish
references. Address box 2073, Call office.
UPHOLSTERER, perfect In all branches,
wishes position. Address 264 Natoma at.
YOUNG German, handy with tools, wants
work in or near city. Address box 1100, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subecriptlons
received -at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established j at 1036
Valencia st. ¦ ¦ • .
' FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest isanltary process may address
. FEATHKR FACTORY, 244 Stevenson St.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT lower flat; sun all day ;v,' .¦'Toms
and bath; rent cheap. S020 Buchanani/v.
Elegant upper flat; eunny; 7 rooms and
bath; 301S Buchanan st. : rent reasonable. Ap-
ply G. H. UMBSI*N T & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
TO letANew flats on Buchanan st, between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.; 5 and 8
rooms and bath; all the latest Improvements.
Apply Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let— LOWER flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 100J
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st
ALMOST new flat; 5 rooms, bath, cellar. 25
Elgin Park. __. '
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HO WELL, 10 Montgomery.
MODERN flat; 8 rooms, hath; good order. 112S
Howard St., near Seventh. '. -
NEW flat, '4 large sunny rooms; water free. 22
Sumner st, off Howard, near Eighth.
RAUSCH. 62— Flat of S nice sunny rooms; large
yard : cheap rent. "
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st, off Bryant, bet
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery, 941 Bryant
$10— COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms. 134 Rose
ave. , l\t, blocks to Market St., Gough and Oc-
tavla. . . -
FURXITUIIE FOR SALE.-
4 ROOMS furnisheTTn oak $48 40. wlTh No. : 7
range. Kin«c Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Auctioneer— —Vincent, 1306 Larkin; tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd, houses bought; spot cash.
FURNITURE' WASTED.
CHAB. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., nays higheat
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
FUR WANTED.
TO receive highest value for fur.;-. carpets, etc.,
see W. E. CODY, 757 Mission; tel. Red 8353.
' . • , gas engines; ;,.;¦-,
NOTICE to gas engine buyers— The J. von Ber-
: key. combination eaa engine la the latest In-
vention; It Is the best and cheapest; It is self-
starting under full . load and reverse without
cluthches or gearing; is noiseless and Is very
economizing and simple. „• 108 Main st. San
Francisco,' Cal. Price $40 per horse power for
medium sizes. - - * , -
BELP. WANTED— FEJIALB.,*
WANTED— Girl ' or middle-aged i woman I to as-
sist In housework and • cooking; wages $20;
references/Reply 1129 • Pierce St.':"
WANTED— A good girl ? to do general house-
work ; small ' family. Call ' 218 Shotwell st. v -
GIRL wanted ' for general housework. 838
O'Farrell" st.
, YOUN.G girl ; ; . small * family ; ' wages $.10; Bleep
i home. 723% Turk st. . . .;
; APPRENTICE -' on coats at 223 J Kearny 'St.;
¦¦room 1.-; -.:>.:-.-: •--.-..;. --¦¦..•--.. .¦¦<><
AN ; elderly i German lady to do sewing ; good
I . homo.' 29 Stockton s_ '
: HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
Z. ""'r? HANSEN _ CO.... PHONE GRANT 185
.....; HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 head waitresses, city and country. 325; 2
-waitresses. Fresno, {20: 2 waitresses, Institu-
tion, $25 and found ; 3 waitresses, Arizona,
$20, free fare; 2 waitresses, Salt Lake City,
Utah, $20, fare advanced ; 8 waitresses, flrst-
°claeB commercial hotels. $20; 6 waitresses,
city, $20; S chambermaids to wait, $20; Ger-
man chambermaid, city, $20; restaurant cash-
ier, $5 week; 2 lunch .and dinner waitresses,
$20; lunch, ?3.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ;...i
North-German girl for sewing and care of
child 9 years old, $20, choice place; second
girl, care of children, J20; nurseglrl, country,
$20 and fare paid; housegirl. Mill Valley, $20;
German houseglrl to go north. $25, fare paid;
others. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAID. $20; second girl. $25; cook
and second girl, same house. $23 and $20;
woman with a child, $15; cook, $30; housegirl.
2 In family, no washing, $25. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter St. - ,:r-J
A.— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12.
5 waitresses, country hotels, $20, free fare;
chambermaids, country, $20. free fare; wait-
ressea, city hotels. $20. ¦ -
20 LADIES of good presence to receive and
usher at the dedication (also graduation of ISO
pupils) of the Hoover School of Physical Cul-
ture, raised to the rank of a university. Fri-
day evening, Jan. 18; remunerated; evening or
fashionable dress required; flowers furnished.
Call 3 to 9 p. m., room 1, .1327 Market st. ,
WANTED— A young: girl to take care of 2
grown children In hotel; reference required:
wages $15. Call bet. 9 and 11 a. m. and 3 to 6
p m. at' room 38, Hotel Montrose, corner
! Geary st and Van Ness ave.
WANTED — Young saleslady for Japanese
goods. Call 8 to 11 a. m. at 142 Eddy st
YOUNG waltreaa wanted at 631 Ellis st
GIRL for housework and plain German cook-
ing; 2 In family. 1444 O'Farrell, upper flat
YOUNO girl for small family; plain cooking and
housework. Call 9 to 12 a. m. at 1810 Laguna.
GIRL to assist In general housework; plain
cooking; 3 In family; $20. 2613 Larkin at.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wanted for general
housework; wages $10 to $12. 319 Third at
GOOD girl wanted for general housework. Call
at 119 Larkin st .
WANTED— Experienced chambermaid and walt-
ress; $25; dty-ref. required. 1316 Van Ness.
NEAT, competent girl for general housework;
small family. Apply 2634 Howard st
COOK wanted. 2932 Jackson st.
WANTED- Young girl for housework; wages
$12. 1128H Turk st.
NEAT girl for upstairs work. 1180 O'Farrell st
ACTIVE girl; must be good worker; $15 a
month. 619 Larkin st
WANTED— A girl for general housework In
Humboldt House. 1309 Stockton st. -
GIRL for light housework; small family; good
home. Call at 1134 Turk st.
MTDDLE-AGED woman for family of t; —age*
$12. 5 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
WANTED — A good waitress for restaurant;
' good wages. 1550 Market Bt.
EXPERIENCED girl In bakery and coffee per-
lor. 127 Fifth st.
NEAT young girl; small family; Scandinavian
or German preferred. 4237 Twentieth it
WANTED— Girl to do housework. Call 279
Page st. . ¦
WANTED— Immediately, waitress and cham-
bermaid. 1 otel Montrose. 1020 Van Ness ave.
EXPERIENCED girls to paste samples. BEL-
ASCO & HARRIS CO., 541 Market (upstairs).
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker on coats.
BELASCO -HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st
SEWING machine operators wanted at Levt
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory. 32V4 Fremont
st Apply to MR. DAVIS.
I
BUTTONHOLE makers, operators, finishers
and apprentices on coats, vests and pants.
BELASCO _ HARRIS CO., 641 Market St.:
call upstairs.
A LADY for light housework: good home and
fair pay to right party; call after 2 p. m.
116 Taylor st.
OPERATORS wanted on men's pants. 407
Stevenson at
WANTED — Girl for housework. Apply 2504V4
Eutter St.
WANTED— Neat young girl for housework. 710
Hyde st. |
DRESSMAKERS for ladies' tailoring at School
of Art and Cutting Academy, 817-813 Post st.
WANTED— A first-class coat finisher. KO
Kearny st, room L
WE want a bright, quick woman for position
requiring Eom<» exejutltTxV.blllty. Box 1187,
Call office. ¦ ''.: *' .
FIRST-CLASS talloress and apprentices on cus-
tom coats; steady work. 186 Shipley, off Fifth.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
214 Hyde st.
EXPERIENCED bindery . girl wanted. MY-
SELL. ROLLINS & CO.. 22 Clay st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subs Options
reaelved at Call branch office. 2200 Fill/fore st.
A BRANCH office for CalV advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 11)96
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY * READY. 634 and 6S6 Clay st
WANTED 7 A. M. MONDAY
Machinist lathe hand $3 60 per day
......COUNTRY.. ..;... .STEADY JOBS
4 plow teamsters and farm hands : i
$28 and $30 and found
Choreman and make butter, fare E0c..$25 & fd
Butter-maker and milker, Sonoma County..
$30 and found
8 pruners. choreboy, 2 choremen, tlemakers,
fare paid; woodchoppers: farmer and wife;
man and wife for ranch
HOTEL, BAKERY AND LAUNDRY DEPTS.
Cook for a club, country, good place.. $50 & fd
Cook, country hotel $10 and found
2 waiters, same hotel, country, fare 75c
$25 and found
Washer and etarcher, 'country hand laundry..
$30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A — 2 STENOGRAPHERS and typewriters^ lai— »
firm, country, $50; see boss here. MURRAY
6 READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HXNSEN & CO. '8. .Phone Grant 185
RAILROAD WORK
Laborers, company work Free .Fare
Teamsters for Nevada Free Fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook for officers' mess, $C0; hanger up, hotel
laundry. $30 and free fare; bellboy, country
hotel, $12 50; bellboy, hotel, $17 50; waiter for
hotel, Nevada, $40.
Butter-maker and milker, Sonoma County,
$30. see boas here. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.,
104 Geary st •
A— STEWARD for country hotel. C. R. HAN-
SEN _ CO., 104 Geary st
10 LABORERS for railroad work; « call with
blankets ready to start this morning:, between
7 and 8: free fare. CR. HANSEN & CO..
101 Geary st •
A— WANTED
Flower gardener, private place. $25 and found:
milker, 20 cows, country. $25; farmer for or-
chard, $20; -. 2 milkers, "-. city, $30;. cabinet-
maker, custom work; 4 woodchoppers, 80c to
$1 25 a pord. everything: furnished; redwood
tlemakers. 10c and lie each ; German third
waiter. $20. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
MAN to buy a route. Call at MISS CUL^
LEN'S. 325 Sutter st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12.
Steward, $40; elevator, boy, $15. ' - -
WANTED — All barbers members of Barbers'
Union, local No. 134 of Oakland, to be present
at their next regular meeting, MONDAY
EVENING, January 14, 1901, at Foresters'
Hall. • corner Thirteenth and Clay sts.
' C. W. FRESHER, Secretary.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union No, MS meets
TO-NlGHT^at- 32 O'Farrell ' st, 8:80 o'clock
sharp. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
¦ ment. H.- Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; teL Jessie 158.
ir.c BARBER shop, uptown; larye room in rear;
one of the best neighborhoods In city; can b«
bought at a great bargain. 'See STOLTZ, 63J
¦ Market st. ¦ .. ¦ . ' -¦¦ '-¦ -. ¦¦.'¦¦-¦.
WANTED— Sober man with $800 In well-paying
corner saloon. For particulars Inquire clgai
store corner Fifth and Folsom sts.
TAILORESS on custom coats and make button-
• holes. A. SIMON & SON. 120 Ellis st
SHOEMAKER on new vamps, 40c, 45c and 50c
i '.• per'palr.: 756 'Howard st.
I V/ANTEI>— Boy in coal yard. Apply at cornei
McAllister and Octavta sta.
I BOY: to feed; Gordon press: E08 Front st . : "
¦YOUNG men for South Sea Island whaling
cruise - at HERMAN' S. 26 . Steuart st
WAITER wanted.' 17 Washington st. .
! BUTCHER wanted, j Golden .West Hotel. EUii
. street.:, . - -¦---.-- --- - -.-; --•.--¦
; GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 26c
j to E0c.'C62 Mission St.. bef 1st and 2d sts."
"WANTED — Boy i to t help ! in t cigar • store ; must
_, have; references, i Apply, S01 Sixth st. . * ...
i YOUNG man t_iq can cook short orders as' sec-
I ond. ' Capital Restaurant 204 McAllister st
MEDICAL. __
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs-'
successful practice; guaranteed treat ™. n i n n-
offtce. $5; any ailment; home for Pa u 3 n *_ r i,S.
suit free. 942 Poat St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DRT AND MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market-Ladles'
gpeclallsts; 32 years' practice; positive cur«
guaranteed; ladles treated can return san.o
day: HINDOO HERB home cur»: stamps, cir.
MR3. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; safe and sure cure, $3; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR NO TOY KEE cures disease >>y_ he _?* :
advice free. 704 Sacramento St.. near Keamy.
( - MDM-1V r H> LOA.\. «^x.
aa BEST rates and easiest terms. .
.... Second Mortgages ..—...—
"¦""] Interest In Estates «
""".'.. Undivided Interests In Real Estate
¦Financial problems of all sorts #nd size*
Slv" by KKRMAS MURPHY. «30 Market.
a— MONEY to loan at rates which peopitftcan
afford to pay on- furniture, pianos, «*-.-¦»<»
not borrow of your friends or you will -lost
tfceir friendship; do business with strangers
ud irou will be better •attsfled; ; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st. __
ANY amount at S per cent; 1st. M and l±£. t-
gages. undivided interest.- real estate Jc, ¦»-
bate : mortgages and levies bought : '-<-•-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. -
ANY proposition, any amount; « per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate Interest
In estates, legacies; cor;Tjratlon loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16 1st fW.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN A OLSE.N.
HIGHLY respectable, private P lac » JL 0 .? 1^'
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Marke
St.; tel Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st
A-$c00,0CO ON city and country real estate ano
estates; chattel mortgages: notes and coiiai-
erals. J. BP.OWNSTONE. _ Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc. ;
no removal; no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room I. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jor.es.
ON furniture., pianos: no removal: money
quick: lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 88-
MONEY loaned salaried people without securit \
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 Callforni— ¦
?1PO COO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansome. na. _
2% on furniture and planes; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country; «%; undl-
vldedlnts.; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 268 Parrc. build-
Ing; men can secure loans on person?- notea.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room .
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndoraer. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried . people srithout collator*! . or ln-
doraer. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 PUelan bl*.
musical- ixsTiiuaiia.vrs.
cinCKERINO $~*
Great Union -.« — »• *>
Haines Bros 1»>
Hallett & Davis 13->
Sherwood & Son 13>
Kramer Bros ISO
Benrider - —•— — 19<>
Arion * r 1*>
Echtedemeyer -•—. ISO
Sterling 225
Curtaz ~ WC
Standard ...~—.... 2SJ
Conover » —• •• «•
Easy payments if lieshred. It will pay you
to see BENJ. CURTAZ _ BON. 18 O'FarreU
St., Chlckering Agency.
ANY person having use for a piano can b* ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments. lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
ot their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medram and low
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold tor $4 cash and
$3 per month. We offer to sell <oma good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco ;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land. . --•--¦
AN opportunity of a lifetime; will sail off the
following ptanosi
Guild $£50
Novella upright «7 00
Weber 125 00
8 Steinways 4— S. $153 230 00
2 Helnes $290. 470 00
2 Chlckerin— $175. 233 00
1 Ha.I'.«»t-r>av!-.. $498: SO new pianos at $152.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 117 Geary st. agen*s „
for Hallet-Davls, oldest and most famous
piano In existence; rents; easy payments^
IF you buy, when jcou buy. buy. a "good buy"
or else It will be >."good-by" to 'our money
and your peace of mind. Save a> J trouble by
buying a fine Decker _ Son plane at MAU-
VAIS'. 769 Market st
ELEGANT baby grand for sale very cheap. If
you want a real bargain here's your chance.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market st
PIANOS from $50 upward at MAUVAIS*, 763
Market st. : caah or eaay payments.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHA3E,S. 28,
23 and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all ;*— des
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: i.ary-
thlng possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
PIANOS— Big stock: little prices: little pay-
ments; big variety. DEWING CO.. 13 Flood
building.
ELEGANT S- pedal upright piano; sacrifice
leaving city; call between 9 and 1 and 4 an-
S p. m.. S24 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— For cash, a sxr^'l second-hand pip«
crcan. Box 1143. Call ofScc.
BEAUTIFUL Chlckering upright: eost $473,
now $273. HEINE PIANO CO.. tl7 Oe— ry st.
A CLEARING out sale of pianos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Msw-ket st
BYRON MAUZY. agency So:_ier _ Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler'and Spellman pianos. 303 Post.
SPECIAL sale— Immense reductions; see our
'leader, only $150. BRUEN'X. 203 Poat st.
THREE- PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain;
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
GREAT many bargains in 2nd-hand uprights;
small Installments. Hcrr.uns. 21S McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Kant man, Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLSN _ CO.. 314 Post.
AT K—UVK—'S, 933 Market St., 4 elegant up-
rights at your own prj;;. Shonlnger a— niy.
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos, $3 per
month. SCOTT-CUTtTAZ. 560 Haye» st.
SUPERIOR violins, mlthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister st. nrntt Hlb. Bank.
_—_—_—_¦_—_———————————— — — ¦. — »— .. •
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Co. buys, develops,
exploits and sells oil lands: has exceptional
advantages for securing Eastern capital In
proved fields: communications confidently* F.
H. Hausman, Sec, Sth floor, r. 32, Mills bid*.
20 OR 40 acres for sale In 14 — !S— 'J7. Kern Rrr—"
OU District: a rrand chance for a company •""
taken Immediately. J. 8. EWEN. 10 Ca .'
fornla st, room 1. San Francisco, CaL ? ,
Ti JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine stree© I
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXC1IANO ' v
Country correspondence solicited..
_f ANTED— 3OC0 shares of the Occidental Oil Co.
~"ofTOst Virginia stock. Address, s_*.iaf
lowest bid, box 1035, Call office-.
DRIVES them crazy t My prioes on stocks. I
buy and sell. LUNDIN. S35 Market St.. r. ».
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River: proven territory; lln« of R, B.
Newton. Carmen _ Somes, r. 104. Chronicle.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms pap»r«d. $3
up. Jensen _ Bath. SOS Sixth st. : open evenlsr*
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FO6SELLI. scientific palmist. SIS
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black ESI.
_^ PATEX1S AXD PO'SIOXS.
ADVICE free; no chance unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner bis;.
Fersosals.
YOUNO man. 30. would ¦ 'ike t leet Toang
lady; object matrimony. Bo* \^_ Call.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 753.
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed: fine uphol-
stery: goods carefully packed for shipment or
' storage. HOPKE BROS.. 21S and 320 Uth St.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market; 700 rooms;
23c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $4 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FINE- suits. $10; dress -ants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS: 437 Montgomery st
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. n»ar Pine.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates ; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 337 Jessie st '
PARTY wishes to buy Into established coffee
ntrsi.vEss chances — cojrny~EP.
A— SS500; WINS and liquor business In Oakland,
with agency for one of the largest wineries
In the State; a rushing bar trade and large
route of private ex. itomers: located on prin-
clpaJ street. Call K. G. WILKE. 2»^ Kearny.
A— $2500-CHOICEST saloon on Kearny st{
close to Chronicle building; established years;
> years' lease; all cash down not necessary.
Call R. Q. WTLKE, 26% Kearny st
__$500— THIRD interest in laundry company;
doing a first-class business; retiring partner
to leave for New York. Apply R. O. WILKB,
26H Kearny Bt.
A— $1600 — CORNER grocery and bar on Guei i ero
st; rent $40; large stock, horse and wagon
and a first-class paying business: established
years. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st
jL— ONE of the best saloons with commercial
lunch; close to Palace Hotel; rent $50; owner
sick in bed; a great sacrifice; only $500 cash
dov:n ce»ded. R. G. 'WILKE. 26£ Kearny st.
A— $S30— CORNER grocery and bar on Langton
Bt. ; rent $30: place estab. 20 years; must sell,
as owner wants to retire and give long lease
to right party. R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— $2S0— PARTNER wanted In an employment
office; can clear easily J150 per month: only
good, active man need apply. R. G. WILKB,
26»» Kearny st. _________
A— $275— CORNER saloon in the Mission: rent
$20: lease; good-paying business. Call R. <*.
\VTLKn. 2SH Kearny ct
A— $750— Restaurant with 25 furnished rooms. In
Stockton; rent $25; 2 years' lease; owner to
leave for Eait; must sell quick; a good-paytag
business. Call R. O. WILKE. 26# Ke_my st
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE REAL ES-
TATE. STORE OR BUSINESS PLACE,
CALL ON H. C. DECKER. 1020 MARKET BT.
A— RESTAURANT In country town $350
Baloon; near Sixth and Market sts 1000
Manufacturing business SOOO
Fruit store ,135
Photograph gallery 1000
Baloon; down town • 1000
Stationery and bookstore 1500
Candy store and factory; clears $100..... COO
Baloon, $300; saloon, only $1200; saloon.... 6000
Meat and delicacies store 1200
£ restaurants; prices from $150 to 5000
Hotel, 140 rooms; clears $5D0 8000
Corner grocery and bar ' 600
EOO other plnces from $50 to 20,000
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 79«.
$1000— SALOON downtown: fine location; ele-
gant fixtures; large stock; paying business;
owner must leave the city; offer wanted.
DECKER, 1020 Market st
PARTNER wanted In a large, old-established,
profitable business, controlling a good, Bafe,
solid and reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
an interest to an acceptable party: duties will
be the keeping of accounts and assisting
generally In the management of the business;
capital required $5000 to $10,000; full value In
eight; books and business open for Investiga-
tion. Apply J. W. DONNELLY _ CO.. 632 I
Market et
U. GRIFFIN. 7U Market nr. Call bldg.— Saloon
in best part of city, does a very fine business:
ectabllshed 6 years; price $1000, which Is less
than H cost of fixtures.
IS50— MEAT market; finest in city; 5 blocks
from Call bldg.; rent $15; strictly cash trade.
Inquire 109 Buchanan et
f200— RESTAURANT; opposite railroad and
Eteamshlp landing, where 1000 man working;
no opposition; bargain. Apply 810 Folsom.
riOO— RESTAURANT and tamale cafe: must
be sold to-day; paying business. 326 Sixth et
RESTAURANT and ooffee saloon; dally re-
ceipts about $60. Call at place, 410 Kearny et.
FOR eale — Fine grocery, bar and living rooms;
cause, sickness. 551 Geary st. «
PLAY THE RACES! ~~ T~~
Our expert handicap figures netted $862 last
month, playing $10 straight on each selection;
ccran:lssionE from $20 up will be accepted to be
played by us as per our handicap sheets. N. S.
HAND & CO., 34 Kearny st
PARTNER wanted ; either silent or active, with
J15.C00, for local distribution of best adver-
tised line of merchandise in America; cash
returns certain and Immediate. TRADER,
box 1150. Call office.
FOR sale— An old established bakery busi-
ness, baking about one barrels of flour a day;
principally store trade; can be doubled by at-
ter.d'.r.g to It Apply to HARTTER &
HAYES. 216 Front st.
Bt'TCHER business In a country town; estab-
lished over 40 years; average sales $55 per
day; only shop In town; owner wishes to re-
tire; property will Invoice price. Address box
1076. Call office.
RESTAURANT; centrally located; averages
$15; for couple or partners; full investigation
or trial allowed; price $300. Box 1113. Call.
BALOON— One block from ferry; wholesale dis-
trict; price reasonable. Box 1128, Call office.
AA— 5400; grand opportunity for' lady or gent.;
location perfect; cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room. 23d ave. etatlon. E. Oakland.
CIGAR store; fine location; for Bale; cheap.
29 -Ninth st.
EALOON for sale — Second door from Kearny;
?20 month. Apply 423-425 Jackson et.
T100— OYSTER and chop house. 90SH Howard
et: EickneM the cause.
RESTAURANT for sale at a bargain this week.
Call at 419 Kearny st.
130 "WINS $200 per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons, 921 Market r. 4.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
re<~eiv«"<1 nt CrII branch office. 2200 Flllmore St.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
LIST your houpe with me. I can sell it for
you. DECKER, 1020 Market st
10-ROOM fiat, down town »500
EO rooms; clears $150 2303
24 rooms; house clears 1150 2000
14 rooms on Mission st 600
t-roora fiat on Taylor st 250
CO rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2600
15 rooms on Third st 600
10 rocm* on Powell st 950
4% rooms; fine corner: clears $200..... V00
24 rooms on Geary st; clears £110 1900
23 rooms on Kearny st; clears (150 1600
40 rooms; boarding-house 4000
ZZ rooms on Market st f.. 1400
12 rooms on Post Et.; In payments f50
12 rcoms; cleans ITS........ 450
£00 OTHERS— PRICES PROM Jl*> TO $25,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATEa
H. C, DECKER. 1020 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
711 Market; tel. Black 1S03; near Call bldg.
10 rooms; new; rent $40: residence. ....... $550
13 rooms; rent JS.'.; clears $35; good fur.... 860
IS rocrr.s; rent $C5; clears $65 month...... 800 •
11 rooms: Post at; rent $45: quite nice... 600
25 rooms; fine residence; Sutter st.; full of
steady roomers; clears JIM mo.; departure.
15 rooms: nice residence; Sutter 8t; elegant
furniture; new; will sell at a great bargain.
C5 rcoms; apartments: rent $180; full $2500
20 rooms; cor.; rent $75; nice; clears $54.. .$1200
lt« rooms; first-class In every respect.
40 rooms; rent $150; new fur.; always full of
steady roomers; fine carpets; a bargain. $4500
t7 rooms; velvet carp eta; oak and cherry fur.:
clears $175 a month; near theaters, $3000
14 rooms; rent $75; 4 offices rent for t«0; cen-
tral location: fur. and carpet* rood... $1900
W ROOMS; newly fumiehed; rent $1BO $3000
37 rooms; money-maker; near Market.... 1900
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely turn.; extra... 950
15 rooms; Leavenworth; rent $57 50........ 900
10 rooms; 3450; 10 rooms, quick ~. S50
20 rooms; detached; handsome yard, with
drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving
rent only $C5 month; clears $100 month; special
snap. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st
WINSTON &. WOLF. 1026 Market rt.
Telephone Mint 1591. ...-..._
27 rooms; rent $&0; a bargain SC50
47 rooms; Al location: part cash 2700
$0 rooms; north of Market 3700
2S rooms; sunny corner 22&0
81 rooms; worth $2500; reduced to......... 1300
A— 45 ROOMS; north cf Market; Ai furniture;
clears $200 net; must be sold at onoe; reduced
to 12300: 20 new houses Just listed. REIN-
HOLD. BKTRM.& ENTDER, 927 Market St..
room 218, second floor; phone Folsom 2011.
Also open evenings.
CALL and see our list of bargains In houses;
we have them In any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 23
Sixth st '
ANDREW PRICE £ CO., 80 Kearny st, room 6.
Big bargains; list in office; money loaned:
clear title; houses all full. ANT>RSW PRICE
_ CO.. Z'j Kearny St.*. loom 6.
25 ROOMS on Market rt.; furniture . good as
new; clears $100; only $1100. REINHOLD.
EKIRM _ SNYDER. 627 Market st.
LARGEST list lodging-houses; good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD,
rms. 1-2, 817 Market st, bet. Fifth and Sixth,
CALL at our office and see large list of bar-
gains In bouses. EMERY & CO., S Eddy St..
room 1. . ,
$1100-tO ROOMS; fine location: well furnished;
all rented; low rent. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, cheap— Newly furnished 16- room
apartment house; permanently filled; muat
be sold owing to other business. Call before
10 a. m. or after < p. m. at 1157 Octavla st
KM ALL lodging-house. 9 rooms; 27S Stevenson
Bt. Apply at MARTIN'S. 21 Third St.
CARRIAGES AKD WAGONS.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
TOP buggy; piano box; side bar; nearly new:
bargain. £22 Market st, room 0. :
' CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts. - chil-
blains; painless our*. Dr. Duncan, 415 Gutter,A F Connelly, N Y
L P H Bahrensburg
& w, Wash ,
J M Johnson & w. Chic
T W Bancroft, Stanfd
C S Raymond, Cal
J M Wrightson, S Jose
T H Selvage, Sacto
PEG Anzar. Sacto
J B Jordan. Oakland
H T Jones, Walnut Crk
J C Davis. Oakland
J Berryman, Cal
W Thomas, Chico
S N Butters, Or
A J Blether Jr & w,
Seattle
Miss Blether, Seattle
Miss M Blether, Seattle
W W duff & w.8 Lake
C Cannon, Salt Lake
R T Cannon, Salt Lake
Mrs H B Clawson, Salt
Lake
Mrs J Hutchison, Vio
Mrs B 8 Snyder, Vlo
H O Powers & w, Cal
G H Aydelotte, L Ang
G B Hardin, Chicago
B C Crellman. Colo
W J Levy. Wash. D C
W Hardy, Wash, D C
A J Gibson, Wash, D C
C O Coutts, Carson City
D J Dunn. N Y
"W F Colliton. N T
E W Wltmer, Placerr
M Wolf. N Y '
A K Coolat, Sacto
H Earl, Sacto
H Isaacs, Los Ang
E C Smith. Pac Grove
F Brophy, Los Ang
J O Hesterwood & w,
San Joee
I H Tuttle, "Watsonv
Mrs T C Martin. Cal
Mrs M Wines. S Barb
W H Clark. Wash, DC
G Tescornla & w. Cal
J T Boyle, Treka .
D E Dean. Yreka
I W Bennett. Stanford
Ii R Bennett. Stanford
H A Daggett, Stanford
F Treskow, Crockett
G "W Zartman, Tulare
R W Miller, Sta Rosa
E A Smith Jr. Stanfd
P L Flanagan. Reno
W Franzen, Wis
S T Prather & fy. Cal
"W B Guild. Boston
H C Bowers, L Ang
G C Putnam, Stockton
Li Barnard, Ft Bragg
W Sexton, Orovllle.
P R Jerome, Sacto
"W D TUlotson, Reddng
J B Hoyt, Birds Ldg
PAIoACB HOTEU
J C 81mpeon & w.Reno
W V Pettlt, Colorado
F T Hayes, N Y
Mrs G L Bancroft, Mln
J E Mead, Detroit ¦
Baron von Rosenberg.
New Tork
F Baackes & w, Chicag
C E Haley £ w, Sacto
H M Davis. Mo
C W Harrison, London
C>W Randall, Cal
J £3 Baker, wash
0 A Schneider, Chicago
E W Strouss, Chicago
W S Stltt. Chicago
D-A Robinson, Seattle
C W Marsh. Honolulu
J F Littlefield & w.Cal
H F Bennett, Seattle
N Strauss, New York
W G Walker, Boston
B M Ross, Ixts Anjr I
E Thompson, Salt Lake
L Thompson Salt Lake
J C Lynch. Salt Lake
H McCreary. Chicago
J P Gridley, U 8 N
O W West, Neb
G Beatty. Neb
A L Levinsky, Stocktn
A H Elftman. Minn
A H McKay, Los Ang
M Friedlander, Chicag
O MitoheU. New York
R Fiske.' Boston
C H Hlgbee, N T
J D,oyle & w, Colorado
Mrs Hancock, Va
A B Adams, Mexico
A E Llvinifston. Osden
C W Cadle, Stockton
H B Wood & w. S Jose
K W Brown, Fresno
F H Mills. USA
E S Churchill, Napa
P R Turnura. N T
O O Schoeps, Chicago
C H Souther. Boston
J B Kirk A w. Chicago
Miss L Kirk, Chicago
W R Rooney. U S N
V> Rosenbaum, Stocktn
D A Wilklns, Chicago
J A Lymback, Chicago
J Finnell. Tehama
Miss Forrester. Teham,
L. F "Wrlg-ht, Shasta
W Selkirk, Shasta
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Peter Cook. 8 Rafael
T L Chandler, R Vista
M A Cheney, Taklma
F A Cheney, Taklma
W H Puleston, Fresno
J Rylands, Monterey
H Andon, Tj Ang
B F Rogers, Mass
H A Porter. Victoria
A Gallant, Victoria
E A Evans, Alaska
W Moore. Seattle
C Bdwards, Idaho
F Addy, Alaska
F M Hague Fresno
A M Arnold, S Diego
A Hamilton, 8 Diego
A J Smith, Ky
E J Johnson, Sacto
E L Williams, Oakdale
J Mulroy, Ingleside
R Moorehead & w, Cal
HOTEL ARRIVALS*
GRAND HOTEU
(120th Meridian— Paolflo Tims.)
SAN.- FRA1TCISCO. Jan. 13—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Weather Report.
¦ I DOMESTIC PORT.
SAN DrEGO— Sailed Jan 1»-Stmr Aberdeen,
for San . F"ranclsoo.
( ':"' OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUIOENSTOWN— Sailed Jan IS— Stmr Campa
nia, from Liverpool, for New Tork. -
CHERBOURG — Sailed , Jan 13— Stmr Vader
land, for New, York. ; .
TARIG A— Passed Jan 15— Stmr Fnerst Bis
marck, from New York,; for Gibraltar, Naples,
etc. ¦¦--.'¦¦' :--:•---/.¦.
PRAWLE POINT— Passed Jan 13— Stmr Min
neapolis, from New Tork, for London.
LIZARD— Pasted Jan 13— Stmr Oldenburg,
from New Tork, for Bremen.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
. At the . review of \ San . Francisco Tent
on. the; night of the 4th lnst. the now
officers were Installed ; for. the term , by
State , Commander S. "W. ; Hall.' After the
proclamation Uhe; Installing officer com
plimented the « retiring officers upon -the
great Increase '¦ of - members durine their
term, and^ expressed; the -hope that the
newv ones ¦ will ; do as .well. At • that - re
view, the first of the new year, fourteen
Applications i were presented, .which the
members think, is a good starter. .-¦-
Knights of the Macabees.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Rachel A. Reynolds to Thomas I* Mahoney,
lot on 6 line of Washington street. 187:8 E of
Polk. E 25 by S 127:8%; S36OO. . .
George R. and Jennie L. Shrev* and Jerome
W. Watson to James Keith, lot on SW corner
of Vallejo and Baker streets, W 77:3 by S 137:6;
J. ; 'Prentiss Smith to Allc« V. .'smlUi (wife),
lot on NW corner of Clay and Walnut streets.
W 80 by N 100; gift.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Henry
T. Hicks, lot on N line of Liberty 6treet. 76:8%
W-of Noe. N 89:«. E 1% Inches, N 23:8, W-1H
inches,'N 36:10, W 24:8%, S 100. B 24:8%; $2500.
Same to Mary T. Kelly. ; lot on S line of
Twentieth street, 76 :5tt W of Noe. 8 83:6 to a
point, W. 24:8'i, N 100. B 24:6 3-8; J2700.
Thomas W., Katherine A.. Christopher C.
and Lily A. Rivers to William W. Rednall.
lot on E line of Sanchez street, 114 N of Clip
per, N 25:9 by.B 81:9; $1500.
Fernando and Julfa. A. Nelson to Colofnba
Morettl (wife of R.). lot on W line of Castro
street, 75 N of Nineteenth. N 49 by W 125;
19000.. . . • . . . -
Annie A. Kelly to W. H. Fiske, lot on W
line of Eureka < street, 330 S of . Twentieth, S
60 by W 130, block 21. Market-street Home
stead; $1000.
Annie Marie J. P. Rledman and BophJ* 3.
Debleve (both nee Pomier), Alphonalne or Pau
line A. Pomier and Camlle E. Debieve (Pom
ier) to William Bv Lute, all of lot on S line of
Clay street. 38:9 W of Dupont. W 86:7 by 8
68:9; $51500. v : S- :':¦¦-.-
J. Henry Meyer (guardian of estate of Jeanne
M. Pomier, Incompetent) to ume, undivided
fifth of same; 11100. . . ,
Alphonslne or Pauline A. Pomier to same, un
divided fifth of same; S1000.
Elizabeth G. Hoveler (Hussey) and Mym R.
Henner (Hussey) to Bridget Donovan, lot on
W lln» of Montgomery street, 60 N of Union, N
18:9 by W 60; $700.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Thomas
W. and Christopher C. Rivers, lot on B line of
Wisconsin street,- 825 N of Twenty-fifth (Yolo),
N 25 by B 100; $1600.
Luke and Theresa Battles (by Edward Am
broso and R. McColgan. trustees) to Robert
Golder, 867 D. 7, lot on B line of Ninth avenue,
100 S of C street, B 25 by B 120. trustees' deed;
Builders' Contracts. .
• H. H. Bancroft & Son, Paul Bancroft (own
ers) with John McCarthy (contractor), archi
tect Clinton Day— Brick work, terra cotta. bond
Iron, anchors ' and iron ¦ lintels over square
arches for a 7-story attic and basement hotel
building on E line of Van Ness avenue. 63:10 S
of Butter, E 109. N 63:10. W 109, S 63:10; $46,615.
Same owners with J. F. Logan (contractor),
architect same— Timber and framing girders In
basement, flooring, concrete flooring, roofing,
tin and copper work, skylights, lathing, ce
menting, . plastering, deafening, window and
door frames, trimming hardware (fitting only),
stairs, vestibule floors, marble work. Inside fin
ish, heater and wroughtlron work for same on
same; $42,475.
Same owners with Kues & Stolz (contractors),
architect same-<-Palnting and finishing for same
on same; $39S5.
Eleanor S. Freeborn (by A. T. Corbus, attor
ney) (owner) with Thomas H. Day's Sons (con
tractors), architects Tharp & Holmes—Altera
tions and additions to make a 3-story and base
ment brick building on S line of Pine street.
160:5 W of Montgomery, W 22:11 by S 137:6;
$3175.
Sllvo Lazzarinl and Guiseppe Tocchlnl (own
ers), with Paolo Demartinl and L. Traverse,
(contractors), plans by owners — All work for a
2-story frame building (flats) on E line of
Hyde street, 113:6 S of North Point. S 25 by E
112:6; $1696.
B. B. Cook and Mrs. Clementine Bruntsch
(owners), with M. Keatlnge and Leonard (con
tractors), architect Fred H. Meyer— Excavating
and concrete walls, sidewalk, etc., for a 4
story and basement brick building on NW line
of Market street, 332:0% SW of Powell. SW
54:2%, N 8S:3Vi. E 44, S 66:7H: $3650.
Same owners with P. Noble, successor to Pa
clflo Rolling Mills Company (contractor), archi
tect same— Structural steel and castlron col
umns, etc., for same on same; $2480.
Same owners with McPhee Company (a cor
poration) (contractors), architect same—Sand
etone work cut and set In position for same on
same; $3450. N
Same owners with Terrill Bros, (contractors),
architect same — Carpenter work, tinning, roof
ing, plumbing, plastering, painting, brick and
electric work, etc., for same; $16,242.
Ben Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
Eli ' minimum, 44; mean, * 48. 4 \
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND I GENERAL
. . : FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
country west of the Rocky Mountain* and
north of Central California, while generally
cl«ar weather prevails- over the remainder of
the • Faclflo Slope. Rain has fallen from the.
vicinity of Cape Mendocino northward along
the coast and over Washington, Oregon and
Idaho. ¦-
The pressure. -has risen over "Washlnjrton and
Oregon and has fallen over the southern por
tion of: the Pacific Slope. ¦ , - •
The ' temperature has risen over Southern
California and the ¦ plateau region and fallen
over -Washington and Oregon. . ; ¦ . .
Conditions are favorable for clouly and unset
tled .weather In .Northern California Monday
and fair, warm weather In Southern California.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight January 14.-1901:
Northern Callfornla<— Partly cloudy ¦ In south
ern - portion, cloudy and threatening ' In north
ern' portion, .. probably > with -showers; - light
southerly, V lnd. - ,
Southern' Callfornla-^-Falr; continued warm
Monday: light northwest • wind. .
Nevada — Partly cloudy :' cooler Monday..
Utah— Partly cloudy Monday. :¦¦> ~. •-.-..-
Arizona— Fair/ continued warm Monday.
San Francisqd ; and vicinity— Cloudy Monday,
probably chowers;.: fresh sounthwest wind.
. O. H. WILLSON. L»cal Forecast Official.
THE RAN FRANCISCO CAL.!^ 1903.
9
STATIONS.
Last
124 Hours
This
Season.
Season.
Eureka
Red Bluff
Sacramento .........;
Ban Francisco ......
Fresno.
Independence .......
Ban Luis Oblspo —
Los AngMes ........
S&n Diego ..........!
0.12
0.04
0.04
0.00
0.00
0.00
o.oo
0.00
0.00
1S.S0
10.32
11.61
7.03
4.95
16.79
*7.85
2.45
ai.ii
14.83
13.23
14.23
3.09
13.50
4.67
3. 60
STATIONS.
Last
124 Hours
This
Season.
Season.
Eureka
Red Bluff
Sacramento .........;
Ban Francisco ......
Fresno.
Independence .......
Ban Luis Oblspo —
Los AngMes ........
S&n Diego ..........!
0.12
0.04
0.04
0.00
0.00
0.00
o.oo
0.00
0.00
1S.S0
10.32
11.61
7.03
4.95
16.79
*7.85
2.45
ai.ii
14.83
13.23
14.23
3.09
13.50
4.67
3. 60
OCTFATT TEAVEL.
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cay-
ncos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota.
Santa Earbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los AnKeles) and Newport —
Steamer Corona. Fridays. * a. m.; steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose d*I
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paa. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a, m.. 7th each month.
For further" tnformation obtain company" 3
folders.
The company reserves the right to char?3
steamers, sailing dates and hours of eailln,-.
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIN3 ft CO., Gen. Arts..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦r Steamers leave Broadway
CV* wharf, San Francisco:
¦ KJiftS^ for Alaskan Ports— 11 a. in..
inlraft&L Jan - n ' 16 > 21 - M - 31 - Feb - •'•
I ra^S^v3Sb» Chanse to company's steamers
jj f^fsv^^ * For Victoria. Vancouver ( H.
£^^r' <r^l c >- Port Townsesd. Seattle.
fl*^^^v»i-^i Tacoiua. Everett, Anacortes.
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. in.. Jan. 11. 13. 21, 28. 31.
Feb, 5, and every fifth day thereafter. Chans*
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Cureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Jan 8.
13. 18, 13, 23, Feb. 2, and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diezo. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port I<os Angal?s and Hedondo (Lcs An-
geles) — Steamer Queen, Wednesdays. 9 a. r.i ;
THE 0. R. & 19. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
P'OIR.TIli.A.ltfr)
/rom Spear-street "Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berth
IMnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails Jan. 13, 23. Feb. 3
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Jan. 8. IS, 25
Short Llns to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena anB all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. "WARD, General Agent
(30 Market st.
STEAMERS TVTLL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
•ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for TOKOHAMA and HONOKONO. callfn* at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
coEnectlng at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo recerred on board on day oC
sallies'.
S3. HONGKONG MARU —.—..
Thursday, January H BO
Sa NIPPON MARU .......
\ Tuesday, Febraary 13, 1301
ES. AMERICA MARU
Friday. March IS, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Markrt street, corner First.
"W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
AMERICAN LFNE.
HTV TOBS. BOCTHAMPTON, L0ND05, P1B13L
Stopping at Cherboar*;, 'westboaad.
From New Tori: Ev*ry "Wednesday. 10 a. m.
South wark Jan. Qi Kensington .....Feb. 13
Vaderland Jan. SO St Louis Feb. 20
New Tork Feb. fJNew Tork Feb. XI
RED STAR LINK;
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday. 13 Noon.
Southward .....Jan. 23|Noordland ......F*b. 29
"WesternUnd ...Feb. « Frtesland .......Feb. 21
Kenslnrton _..Fab. 131
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TATLOR.
SjfSj Gensrvl Agent Paclflo Coast.
20 Montgomery st.
VVVWUIV O'tf'»V« DIRECT U« TO TAHITI
S3. ZEALANDU (Honolulu only)
Friday. January 13. 1 p. m...
S3. SONOMA, for Honolulu, S&moa, New
Zealand and Australia
"Wednesday. January 23, at > p. m.
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Friday. Feoroary 8. 4 p. m.
J. D.SPRECIE13 4 BROS. CO., teal Igints, 327 Uriel St
Geo'l Pmbssw 013a. 643 Earket St., P«r Id. 7. PaeHs St
F. F. CONNOR. Paclflo Coast Agent
PANAMA R. R. TSe
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Reduced Cabin Fare, $75*
S. S. ST. PAUL sails January 29.
S. S. ROANOKE sails Febmary 19.
From wharf, fo ' of Fremont St.. at 3 p. m.
Freight and passenger offlce, 333 Market st.
C0MFA8RIS GSNZKALS TRAKSATLA5TIQTIS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .j^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 43. «— *¦§*»»
North River, foot of Mortem street. First class
to Havre. $55 and upward. Second class to
Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAL AOENCT
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building), New York. J.
F. FUGAZI A CO.. Paclflo Coast Agents. S
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
sold bv all Wxli-ofi^ T1cfc»t A*ents.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "P.toriticello."
MON^ Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:43
a. m., 3:16, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 3
p. rn. Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. i Telephone Main 1308.
FARE Kflc
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMT.ES.
IOCIBKBM WAVtWtV CUnMIT.
{tACltW StSTtM.) •
Tralai I«a«* and art tin* (• arrlf« ¦»«
•AM FRANCISCO.
(Ifaln Line, Foot of Market Strset)
MATS '— FjlOM JAJTUABT L 1901. — ISITfl
7i8ftA Bantoi*. Bolsoa, Ehalza, V*»Tille,
Eomiej »nd 8»crmmento ¦ 7l43r
7iS»a D»tU, Woodland. Knighti Landmc.
Murjgrllle, OroflUe.... 7U3f
?i»O* AUkotlo Czpreo— Ogdeo and Eaat 12:13r
8:O0a Martinez, Saa Itamou, Vallejo. flap*,
Calisioc* and Santa Roia MilSr
8:00a Nllea, LiTermore, Tracy, Lathrop,
Btockton .' 7ll3r
SiSOa ShmaU 1 xprei»— DiTi*. Willlima (far
Bartlett Sprints), Willows. E«d
Bluff, PortOwidT.. , « 7t43r
•iSOa Bau Jose, LiTermore, Stockton,
- lone, Baeramento, Plaeerrllle, \
ManiTllle, Ohico, Red Blaff 4il.-»r
»:80»Oakd»le,Chlne»«, Sonor*. C*rtew... «U9r
0:00a Hajwards, Kiles and Way Statloni . 1 1 >43a
OiOOa Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, l*throp, Btockton. Ueroed
- Freano and Los Angelea 7slSp
OtSOA Valleio, Martinet and Way Station* O« 13?
10:00a The OTerlandLlmited-Ogden, Den-
let, Omaha, Chicago / 0:43p
IIiOOa Nllei, Btockton, Hacramento. Mea-
dota, Fresno. Iianford, Visalia,
ForterTllle «H9r
IIiOOa LiTermore, Barjger. Ooehen Juaa-
Uon, Bakenflefd.Los Angelea
fliOOrSacrameuto IU»er SU«mori t^iOOA
SiOOp Harwaidi, Niles and Way Button*. 0:49r
4ioor Martiues. Bau IUmon, Valltjo,
Napa, Oall«to«a, BanU Oot» »il3*
4i00r Bealoia, Winter*, Bteramenlo.
Woodland, Kuiahta Landlaf.
ManiTllls, Orofllla.. 10:43*
4i8Or Barwards, Mlea and fiwjoia t»t«»A
3:00pJfUe», Iirennore, Stockton. Lodi-... 1O:43a
aH-.QOr BuB*e4 IimltetfEl Pa»o. New
Orleam and Ea*t. c10:13a
StOOrThe Owl limited— Traey, Fresno.
BakerBflolJ. Saugns for Santa Bar-
bara, Loa Angelea. 1««1Sa
SiOOrKew Orleane EipresB-nakerafleld,
HauU Barbara, Los Angelet, Dem-
Ing, £1 Fno, New Orleaus and
Eaat ¦• 7«4.1a
OiOOp Harwaida, Slle* and San Joaa 7i4i>a
t«:OOr Vallejo ll«4»*
OiOOp Oriental Mau-Ogden. Cheyenne.
Omaha. Chicago 12:13*
•iOOr Oriental Ji&il— Ogden. Denver.
Omaha, Chioiao. 4il3r
7iOOr Otegouand California Uzpreu, Hao-
riimcutu, MaryiTtUe, JUddtug,
Portlantl, l'ugek Hoimd and Kul 8i43a
SiOSrBan Pablo, Fort C01U, Martinez
and Way otationi 11i4Sa
tgiQgP Valle}(> 7»45>
COAST DIVISION (5«rron danse).
(Foot of Market Street.)
StlS a Newark. C«ntarTille,SanJo«e,PeltoD.
Boulder Creek.SantaOrnr and Way
BUUoni ••¦or
ia«18r Newark. Centerville. San Jots, New
Almaden, Felton, Houlder Oreek,
Sauta Cnu and l'rlnclpal Way
Stations ••* I 2'2? 4
4i1Sf Nemrk, 8>n Jws, Los Oitoi StttOA
a8:80r Hnntew' Exsunlon, Ban Jote and
WaySUtloni t7t*Qr
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. "
frtmBlR rSHCISCO— r««t »t Mtrk«l ltrut(S:i» 8)—
17:18 0:00 ll:00i.H. 1:03 8:30 8:03 P.".
rrtmOlIUtlB-fuUfBtulw.j.— tfi:OO 18:00 t8:03
10:Q0i.M. 13:00 8:03 4iO3 8:15r.M.
COAST HI VISION (Broad Mange).
(Third and Towmend Sto.)
tflilOA Ooean View, South Han Francisco.. 1«:ii«f
7i00a 8»n Jose and Way Btatlom (New •
Almaden Wadnetdajt only) lilOr
•¦••a San Joaa. Tiea Piuoa, Hunt* Cruz.
Faoine llrore. l'aao llobles, San
Lull Obispo, Siirf, Lompoo aud
Prluolpti Way SUtlont ;. 4iI0f
IOi4Oi Baa Jom and Way Statlout. fi83A
1 IiSOa Saa Jois aud Way Station* SiSOp
fSi«Sr San MaUo, Redwood, Menlo Patk.
Palo Alto, Santa Olara, San .lose.
Tret Plnot, SauU prut. Ballnaa.
Monterey awd Pacific Grove flOiMi
? ai»»p flan Jose and Way Station* 7| ?? P
T 4<lSp San Jote and Principal WaySUtlons 9>43a
tSsOOr San Joae, Loa Qatoa and Principal
Way BUMon tO«O»»
St80r Ban Joie aud Prlneipal Way Stations 8:3.1 a
O:UOf Sau Jose and Way Stations. {SiOOa
«ll;4Br 8a» Joss and Way SUtlont 7i80p
A. for Horning. P for Afternoon,
tflnndayexcepted. . X aandajr only.
1 Mondars, Wedneedan, TrldaTt.
0 Tuesdays, Thursdajt, Soadaji.
a Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTQWESTEBIf RY. CO.
IjE3SSHIHS
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. : .
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBT7RON FBRRT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35. 1:39.
6:10, t:SO p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, S:<0. 6:00,
<:20 p. m.
San Rafael to 8an Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-4:10. 7:60, »:20. U:W a, m.; 11:45.
1:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and «:35 p. tn.
BUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:43. S:40. 1:05.
1:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
same schedule as above.
Leave . I In Effect I Arrive
gan Francisco. | Not. 7. 1900. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
. Days. I dayg. | Destination. | days. | Days. .
T:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. <:0S pm 10:25 am
6:10 ptnp5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm *:22 pm
Fulton. I
T:W am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburc.
Lytton.
Oeyserville,
8:50 pm 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:S5 pm 6:M pm
I.IOaml I Hopland I I
I 8:00 ami and Uklah. | TiC pm| «:M pm
T:S0am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:S5pm
8:80 pm . ~~ 8:21 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma »:15 am 1:40 am
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 1:12 pm
7:S0am| 8:00 ami T" 110:40 am]10:25 am
8:10 pm| 5:00 pm| Bebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
I Btagres connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Eulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservills for Skarss Springs ; at Cloverdale
for - the Geysers ; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls*
bad Bpiina-s, 8oda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Bprlngi; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Sprlng-s, Bine Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Sprints, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lterley*s, BuckneU'a.
Banhedrln Heights. Hull villa. Orr's Hot Sprtngs,
Mendocino City, Fort Brags, Westport. Usal
WHletts, Laytonvllle, Cummlngs. Bell's Sprues.
Harris, Olsens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
- Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate*. V
On Sundays, round -trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce, 650 Market it. Chronicle build-
in*. B. X. RTAN,
1 H. C. WHITING, Gen. Pass. A«X
Gen. Manager. ' •
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via S<au«allto F«rry.
Commencing September 30. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND 8AN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-«:65. *9:15. U:M a. m.. n-.iS,
t-.lS, 4:00. 6:15. »«:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Ban
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 1:00 and 11:35 p. m.
8UNDATS~»8:0O i »10:00. *ll:30 . a. • a., n-u,
«:15. »4:4S. «:30, »:00 p. m. • .
Trains marked (*) run to Ban Quentln.
FROM 8AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
.WEEK DATS-6:20. »«:J0. 7:45, >:30 a.^.'
•12:80. 1:45. »3:S0, 4:80. 6:20 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at C:45 and 10:20 p. rn.
SUNDAYS- 6:20. «S:00. «10:(». *U:B a. m.
•1:40, '2:15. 4:45. »6:30 p. m. "" ™"
. Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS-«:45. «:45. 7:55. 1:10 iTm.'
U:S3.- 2:10. »:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. m. ** "••
. E3CTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdava
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. """¦'"
6UNpAYS-8:05. 10:05 , a." m., , 12:057 Jos, 1:SO,
' * * D " THROUGH TRAINS.
- «:«. a. m- week days— Cazadera and way
stations.
1:45 p. m. 8atnrdays— Tomalet and way
stations. -.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomalea and way
stations.
Fare, San Francisco' to ¦ Summit and return.
$140.-; -• ¦'->¦ -.'¦ -'...V ¦¦; "-> -,¦ .-:*:» An.- ¦
NEW. TAVERN OF TAMALPAl? NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices, ea Market Et.; SauaaJlto Ferry.
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS.... 9:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS..; 8:00. 10 ;00, 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
OCEAN TRAVEL. '
MOUNT TAMALPA1S RAILWAY
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KCABXT ST. Established
In If34 for the treatment of Privatn
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearlngon bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cares when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
<'»rr«snaran l«r«l. Call or write.
l>r. J. i'. tiH5KO.>,saa Franciaco, Cal. _
noo.tis for iionscKi<:::ri\(>.
t NATOMA, 650, between Sixth and Sevt-nth—
i Large corner eunny store; 2 living; rooms; $18.
- OAK. 119 — One very sunny room, furnished for
p housekeeping; stove, closet, water; $S^
' VAN NESS «ve.. HQ1 and 1403. NW. ror. Bush
—Elegant Bunny suites and apartments for
r housekeeping; private baths: telephone; elec-
tric lights; eun all day; gas raik'*s; running:
water in everj' room; will be ar;. Jiged. clean-
' ed. painted and newly furnishfd to buU^
• WILLOW. 10. oft Larkin, near~Kd<!y-2 rooms
' fnr general housekeepirg; no children; tl2.
2, 3 or 4 ROOMS unfurnished; 1 Urge front fur-
: riished; reasonable; private famiiy. .'27 Post.
: CX^ASSIFIED advertisements and'nuWrlptlons
1 received at Call branch office, 2^00 Flllmore st.
! ROOMS TO LET Vnrn. nail Unfnrn.
" AHLBORN HOTKlT~S;i Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance: large rooms: modern conveniences;
rooms 50c up; flrst-classineals Z5c; free coach.
" A-BRUNSWICK iTnus^, 148 Sixth-Rooms 25c
to $1 per night; ?1 15 to J5 r*r week, and light
housekeeping; open all night. .
. BARTI.ETT. 434— S lai-gre light comoletely fui-
Rlshed rooms. $40; lower floor. $25; leaving
city.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old To. 1SW -Fur-
nlshed nai., suites, singlej^'^ojir^,., *^ed.
. BUSH. 6:0 (The E!k)-N. ' . *«lf£* *«nny
rmi; d»r. SSc up; wk. SI l.j ay. -Tw. P. Ranft.
EDDY 429 Beautiful sunny rooms; hot and
; cold 'running »»ter; fpr gentlemen.
ELEGAVTLT furnished rooms at reasonable
prices; central; at the Warren. 4th & Jessie.
ELLIS, E71— Furn. rooms; prlv. family; modern
improvements; phone; owner occupant; refs.
• ELI IP 7C5— Back parlor and eunny front room;
suitable for gentlemen.
; GEART. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
1 mis; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
' GKAXP SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
1 and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
: sir.fle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
f HAYES. 1011— Large front room for one or two
< gentlemen; running hot and cold water; $10.
• JESSIE. SC3. near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms, $4 and $5; housekeeping, $9.
LAS PALMAS, 1SJ0 Market et.— Suite of S or «
rms; private; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
; LEAVENWORTH. 41S— Bunny alcove room; all
, modern improvements. ,
LEWIS place. 18— Furnis*--' ¦' K nd unfurnished
rooms to let; single or *• -j».
MINNA. 2S — Sunny furnished front single
rooms; 75e and }1 per\week.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 619H— Clean furnished rooms, w!
J. JONES, proprietor. w
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 MarkefTst.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $1 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, SO— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo. '
O'FARRELL S14A— Beautifully furnished sun-
ny front rooms; rrasonable.-
1 ROSEDALE House. S19-S21 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night. 25c to II; week. $1 S5 to $4; open night. !
ROYAL House. 116 Eili3 st.— Incandescent light;
readir.g-room. smokinp-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nitrht, S3c to $1 60; week, $2 to
$>>: month. $8 to $30: elevator on ground floor;
1 rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EHERMAN Apartment House. IS Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
;¦ CIXTH, 5SeA— 2 clce front rooms; running
i water; fireplace; furnished or unfurnished;
, board optional; private German family.
. SUTTER, 820H— Changed hands; newly reno-
. vated ; single rooms, t?; suites, J12 to $23 mo.
! SUTTER, C7S— Ccnvem<?nt. well-furnished front
, offices or desirable living rooms.
TAYLOR, 709— Single front room; sunny: $6:
gentlemen.
I TURK. 212 — Well furnished rooms for gentle-
. men: rent $5. $7 and $12 per month.
. CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office. KM Flllmore St.
; ROOMS AXD BOARD.
! AT the old Stevenson mansion, oppi Grace
Church, with annex SP7 California St.. may
•be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
1 tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
HOME wanted for an aged lady. Call be-
tween 7 and 9 p. m.. at 4294 Tehama Bt.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives
r^Mee that the following orphans, half-or-
pnans and abandoned children have been re-
ceived into the orphanage from July 1, 1900,
to Dec. 31, 1900: Bertha Wess, 11 yrs.; Fred-
erick. 4, and Ray O'Brien, 2 yrs. 9 mo«.;
Celia, 4, and Willie Flynn. 2 yrs.; Mary Mc-
Laughlln, 11 yrs. 8 mos.; Mamie Mullaney, 7;
Ann Mullaney, 2 yrs. 1 mo.; Christopher Mul-
laney, 5 )m. ; Jim Power, 2 yrs. 1 mo. ; Violet.
6 yrs.. and Bert Kip-pon, 4 yrs. ; Irene Pel-
man, 3 yrs. in mos. ; Mar}' Purdy, 6 yrs. 1
mo., and Alice Purdy, 1 yr. 6 mo.; Ethel, 6
yrs., end Clar Jchnson. 8 yrs.; Maria Al-
bax-h, 6 yrs. 1 mo. ; Joseph, 5 yrs. 2 mos., and
Julia Kennedy. 2 yrs. 10 mos. ; Hazel Adams,
11 yrs.: LUlie Albertien. 7 yrs. 4 mop ; Annie
Deffechla. 9 yrn. 3 mos. ; Hilda. 3 yrs. 10 mos.,
and Myrtle Deffechla. 2 yrs. ; Joseph, 2 yrs. 4
mos., Louis. 4 yrs. 10 mos.. Delia Jeffers, 10
yrs. : Elvrood. 5 yrs.. Howard. 6 yrs.. and
Maude Wesley, 3 yrs.; Rose H bert, S yrs.
4 mos.. Edwin. 2 yrs. 1 mo.. • iachel Vall-
vard. 1 yr. ; Joseph MacCr . j yrs. 1 mo.;
Frank Hynes, 1 yr. 3 mos., and Addle Hynes,
2 yrs. S mos. ; Irene Moody. 8 yrs. 1 mo. :
Frank Balenjar. 5 yrs. : Joseph. 10 yrs. 10
m«i.. Luke, 4 yrs., and Fanny Vydan, 2 yrs.;
Eugene Gibbs, 1 yr. 6 mos.; Mary, 5 yrs., Jo-
f">rh. 2 yrs., and Margaretta Olsen, t> vrs.;
Lillian Radean, 7 yrs. 1 mo., and Laura Itad-
can. 3 yrs. 8 mos.; Alfred Breilla. 5 yrs.;
Willie O'Farrell. 6 yrs. 2 mos.: Mary. 6 yrs..
Ethel. 4 yrs. 10 mos., and Kate Rowan, i
yrs. 2 moB.; Eva Bony. 7 yrs. 11 mos.; Ger-
trufle. 4 yrs., and Jim Daly, 2 yrs. 6 mos.;
Clsra. R yrs.. and Mary Lonta, 6 yrs. ; George,
4 yrs.. and Hubert Kannfeld. 2 yro. 2 mos.;
Fred Fraser. 5 yrs. 3 mos. : Maria Sehoofer.- 10
yn«. ; Man' Coonan, 4 yrs. 7 moa. ; May, 7 yrs.
4 mos.. Joseph, 4 yrs., and Agnes Pilling 6
yrs. t mos.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Srwlety hereby gives notice that they have
admitted Into the Orphanare from July 1, 1900,
to December 31. 1900, the following named or-
phans and half-orphans, boys and girls:
Katie Stein, 12 yr*. 2 mos.; Julia Bteln. 1ft yrs.
5 mos.: Ida Stein. * yrs. 3 mr» ; A. n ""rank,
11 yrs. 9 xnrrn. ; Edna Fran* yrs.; . "«er-
lrk Beberrall. 1« yra, f moe Dora Lr- , j
yri>. 7 mon.; Louts !*•*-»•, < tt*. 10 mos.; j^.cob
PVisr-i- n. if yr*- • mos.: Bam Fhaphr , n . %
r-r*. ; Anni" Fhaphran. 6 yrs. 2 mos.; • Ksther
Forman. 10 yrs. B moo.; Etta Forinar " yrs.
« mos.: Bertha Forman. S yrn. 2 mn*.. Mollie
Forman, 8 j rs. « mos. ; -Frank Bhaphran, 4 yrs.
I mos. ; Mary_ L***t; b yrs. 3 mw, ; Augusta
L»»~:. t yrs. 11 moa.; Celia 'Laser. 10 yrs. 9
BBOSa
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage, E20 Luke sU. San Francisco, Cal..
has received the following orphans, one-half
orphan and abandoned girls from Oct. 1. 1900.
to Jan. 1. 19f»l: Elizabeth M. Godwin. 8 years
4 months: Mabel Godwin, 7 years 6 months:
Grace E. Godwin. 6 years; Hlldreth Clark. 13
years; Lillian E. Wood. 11 years 2 months;
Ethel Wood. 8 years 7 months: Laura Schultz.
9 years 6 months: Myrtle Medlen. 11 years 2
months: Ha eel W. West. 5 years: Zerneene
E. Blyth, 9 years « months; Edith M. Clothier.
* years 7 months; Ruth Clothier, 8 years 5
months.
BAD tenants e5ected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Monte-ornery »t.. rooms 9-10: tel. 6589.
EEWIXG MACniXEj* AXD SUPPLIES.
ALT, kinds 'nujrht, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plamberk. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, nold. rented, exchanged, re-'
paired; open e\-en. ; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOT'GITT, rold. rented, repaired; needles and
Bhuttos; reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
riKRCE-ROPOLPH Storage and Mov7ng~Co?i
offlce, Poet and Powell stu.; tel. Main 6713.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone Fouth 762.
BKKIXS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission «t.;
tel. Main 1E40; shipping et cut rates.
~ TELEPHONF.9.
TELEPHONES, house fv private lines. (4 50 a
set; electrical work installed. 1538 Pt. Lobog.
TVPEAV'RITERS^JIMJ SUPPMES.^.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— V,>
nell better machines for lers money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, :S6 California; telephone Main 2f.S.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters: any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
• 110 Montgomery ft.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Fubsletence Supplies— Offlce of
Purchasing Commissary, P&n Francisco, Cal.,
January 4, 190L Sealed proposals for furnish-
ing and delivering of such quantities of subsis-
tence supplies, delivered at such wharf or
wharves or such warehouses in San Francisco,'
Ca!.. as per circular to be seen at this offlce,
will be received here until II o'clock a. m.,
Tuesday, January 15, 1901. and owned im-
mediately thereafter In presence of bidders.
Fpeclflcatlons, central Instructions to. bidders
and blank form of proposal will be furnished
to established dealers on application to W. H.
BALDWIN, Major and C. 8., U. 8. Army.
Purchasing CunimlcssrVc SfSfl
PERSOITALS.
* WHT pru+ss* You are certain of style and fit by
u«<-r Standard Patterns; February styles
rea'iv. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 1021 Market Bt.
\VI1ITC er.amrl Iron b^ds. elnple, three-quarter
er double. t2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1212 Stockton St., near Broadway.
FOR ea!e — "La Grippe" specifics. 1019 Sutter
gtrect.
VOICE culture, piano. French conversation by
Parisian teachers. 408 Golden Gate ave.
AI.FREDOIS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hs.!r to its natural color; |1; at all druggists- i
MAPQITEP.ADE costumes, play book*, wlg»;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & C°-_jg Mkt l
IR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Ta'.nt. the best
com cure; 'he: all druggists.
FHYSICIAXS AND SUHGEOXS^
DR. C. C. O'DONKELL- Office and residence.
r IC21H Market et.. between F'xth and Seventh.
V *" VL ESTATE CITY— FOIt SAV.B.
liLJLL ESTATE BARGAIN'S.
A M PPECK & CO.,
667 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE KEARNT.
PRICES WILL SURELY ADVANCE.
m00— REDUCED FROM 12500.
1 r fiats ; rents |33.
$3659.
lour Cats: rents $4?; down town,
$5000.
Three choice fats, near Post and Taylor sts.;
' pavs 1J per cent; Z7 feet front; offer wanted.
J7500.
Flat*: brand DCiK, east of Van Ness ave.;
rents *-£zoo—r.E-DVCT:T> from m.ooo.
- Market -Et. corner, ftore and fiat.
$14,000.
Grana 14-roc:a residence on Jackson st.
$H,0CO-REDUCED FROM $18,500.
Business r r °P ert >'; eame tenants for years;
* ¦ store and rooming house.
$16,000.
Gnsd ccrr.er. Leaven worth St.: 69 feet front;
all rented for $1T5; mortgage {9000; can remain
at 6 per cent.
i75.005— REDUCED FROM $82,000.
Choice comer lot. 75- foot front; within half a
block of Market Ft. ; with old Improvements:
rcr.ts about J100; the only corner that can be
bought vicinity of Sixth Bt.
j;:.50O— REDUCED FROM $60,000.
Orand investment; 100-foot front on Ellis st..
»'.t« Improvements; nicer and better than Pal-
ace Hotel; rents about $5,000; terms, half cash.
III. 000.
Rc-ts J1C0; S new fats: choice locality.
120.60ft.
Corner. CO feet front; vicinity Butter *t, e«st
of Hyde: grrand hotel, office or roorr.!r»-nouse
Fite; rents $107.
$20,009.
Smter-ft. comer: 87:€jcS::6: elT*^ 1 Improve-
ment?; rents flSOO per annum.
$105,000.
Market *t., near Cal!; 5 per " : ' n ' t _.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
CO Markrt st . opposlts Kearny.
C< epor.dence soUcUc*-
" iF~ynu want to (ret a rh-ire let for your home
fit h very low rrir~ art en easy terms, north
rf the P8xk ar.d not far ou*. all ready to
bufld on. T.irh cars : arfcir.ff in front you will
have to ca!I m IT. S. OCJCN. W California
«=t.. b*trm U yr^'mwy ani Kearny.
JF - *ou ' hav« : property between Valencia and
'p.-nchrz I Brteenth and Twenty-fourth, and
-.t to t*?!l it, th?n turpose you
atTUbe Baaenricned. TV. J. GUXX, £30
Catlfcr:.-.. .-:
II-' ycu hav \fluveily north of the Park and
yr'-j w'.Ffc to sril quickly, then call on W. J.
GUKV. SW California st.
jif»v,_oxi: let. rrxTJTrf. on Carl street, between
Ftanyan &cl 'Wlllanl streets; lot Improved
ar.-! ready to build on: street sewered. Ad-
ilrrt* tot TaeiSc st.
j~-ri*_rc viVi'.TAKLK c^ttare h^me; Mission-
warn belt; six rooir.*. bath and basement; 5
r<icn.s furnished ; bflr^ain. Apply to owner,
H. T. TESXEU. 1015 Capp ft.
' K<~>n eal? — An exceptional bargain in that ele-
cant 10-rocm ur-to Jate residence, 775 Cole
«L: elejrar.tly derorated: open dally.
HEAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sal«
SANTA <~LARA Valley horr.es at $S0 an acre;
rl^h level fruit and lire land at San Martin
Nation; new depot; $."'00 school; terms one-
third cash, balance installments or terra of
years to «i'.t purchaser: such chance unheard
r<*. Vx»for»: don't hesitate: w rite fnr catalogue.
TYOOSTER & WHITTON, San Jose. Cal.
CALL ,j MARION ORIFF1N. 713 Market St.;
chicken ranches, orchard?, general farms and
stock ranches; revtral hundred all over State;
prir.ted lists. I pay buyers car fare.
TO rent or for r,ale— i\ acres of rich, level
• land near Ean llateo; 1 mnrovernents. Inquire
I r C Oiumll st.. r.t-ar Market. *
III: it ESTATE WASTED.
WANTrD-A country farm of about SO acres,
with i0 or ZO acres of level ground. Box llio.
r-all office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
t AMEDA Rl.AL ESTATE.
KKAL eetate auction sale of some choice pieces
rf Alarneda. property on Saturday. Jan. 19.
: -I. at 4 p. m., at salesroom. 1501 Park *t.,
A'.?.rr.eda. Cal., particulars later; send for
c£.'a!c£U«?s. J. A. MONROE & CO.. auction-
eers. 1X01 Park Et.. Alameda. Telephone
Grar.d 176.
A CREAT BARGAIN. — — —
7h*re Is in Alamefla ar. elegant, modern, 8-
r"frr. (Iwe'.llr*. In the very best location, that
¦rftl r<- soid a.t a preat sacrifice if taJcen within
cxt few d*ys. LEONARD & LEONARD,
I": Mrr.teouiej J et.. Ean Francisco, Cal.
PU CASH, f*" 1 r*r month, will buy new house.
« rooms. J1F75, new cottage of 5 rooms and
lath. tSfiOO, (rood house of 8 room*, bay-
froot: Chestnut et. J. H. TOUXG, builder.
"?<' Tark **.
_ ALAMEDA nOOMS AAD BOAItD.
T K r*r«r elecan* .ruite cf rooms and board In
select private .ittnt In Alameda to refined
rvjple; reference? required. Box 883. Call.
KERKELEf ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
rrTRKKLEY — New modern 2-story house, only
. 1 block siuth of the University; only built
two jeers aeo; cost $4*00: will be sold for
Jliwn, and ie worth VJM to-day; this would
make a fin- investment. JAB. H. NAISMITH.
<r.2 Ninth *t.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND IlEAI, ESTATE.. ,
FINE r.-w modern house on Oakland Heights;
two-Ftory; everything first clas*; the owner
must sell and will make any kind of terms
that are reasonable; fine location; see it.
JA3. E. NAISMITH, 452 Ninth et.
' NORTH OAKLANLV- New modern cottage, 4
ro^rr.s bath, boiler, laundry, etc. : eold three
mor.the ajo for t!3C9; on s^count of death
- -»sent owner will sell for tl250. and on easy
erm*. JAS. 6. NAISMITH. 4S2 Ninth at.
A ENAT— Only $450; loU 2SxlT3 on Mead ave.,
. near San Pablo ave. and Twenty-fourth st.;
'nly 2 lots ieft at thl« pric*; nice new houses
T. surroutidlnr; see them.* DAVIDSON &
:.r:in». SO M<-ntoinery St.. S. r.
.MKUXD FIRMTURD FOR SA .E.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
r-irnirjre dealer. Uth and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AVRA epartment house, 1401 and 1403 Van Ness
ev«., lew. cor. Bush— A rare opportunity to
«r»"t elcg-ant «unrjy newly furnished housekeep-
ing apartments on New York plan; suites of 1
2 rooms, tinted, painted, papered and newly
furnit-hed to euit; private telephone, gas
ranc**. «l*-ctrle lights. Welsbaeh -burners;
private baths; runtmis water every room;
nearly all rented; v e have an elefcant parlor ,
f.-^r for 175 per month: a parlor noor elegant-
ly furnished to suit. IC5; *~baseroent floors.
Tie j»5, <j-)e $30; w» fi;rnl*h fn blrdseye maple,
¦ velvet carpets, mahojrany; any way you want;
<sll and see them; last chance.
CHESTNUT. 2S3. North Beara— Furnished for
t.'uri- keeping, eunny corner house, quiet
ii'-:iefcj>orhood. ;
I' r r V. S2?-Floor of 4 furnished housekeeping
private residence; no children. :
J-I.LIF. Ci'!>-Hr.u«»'keep»r./s rooms and others -
EI^Lifi, 42O-n''UEekeepins: rooms and c'-.ers 1
>&th: eurmr. mmtSUEtfr'"-
.LLI8, j !¦¦ ¦ r.rt r Larkin— Furnished room ' 'I
_Jjg*g- ; love; for or.e. $6; two, t*. ~H
™.y/AT.£TJT, it near Guerrero— Five fur" .
_-»rnM rooms for housekeeping; $15. -
>^'r>SOlf. £*«$,-» or 4 uunny rocme; eras stove; -
-— -t?£l_ w i5 h i! ut children. I
JI hfr Rl 41 *r I * ou?f " ke « > P in R rooms w1tb~iclngie
C «.M. IJn: ? . OATt: * v «" CTJ-Sunny bay-window
__;-»¦«' of 3 rooms; cay, running watgr; reason.
M r£!; US , T!::R - «»• Central ave.-2 sunny
• vroi.. furnished complete for housekeeping;
___T*r month. *••••#
S v!^?^ J!, umiF rooln " furnished complete for
>,- 1 . »**Pinr; bedroom and kitchen. $2 60 per
tt oC «J,*° *'?*'* rnomn ' *I PT t«k. Apply
« Bacottore. MJ M'.sslon Bt.. bet. 1st & MtU.
William Koch (known as William Cook)."
dearly, beloved husband of the late Margaret
Koch, father of Mrs. Mary Zwlck and
11am and Charles Koch, and grandfather of
Nelson, and Grace Zwlck and William. . Ma-
mie and Annie Cook, a native of Hanover.
Germany, aged 82 years. , • . ;
E7Frlends and acqualntance# are respect-
fully \ notified that the funeral takes place
this day (Monday), at 9 o'clock. ' from his
late residence. 1947 Stockton street, near
Chestnut, thence -to St. Francis Church,
where at 10 o'clock. a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrate for the repose of his
¦foul. < Interment Holy <"ross Cemetery.
LANCASTER— In Oakland. January IS. 1901.
Joseph L>., beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. Jo-
Eeph Lancaster, and brother of Lottie Lan-
caster. Mrs. W..J. Brown and Harold L..
Bessie M. and Edith J. Lancaster, a native
of California, aged 24 years and 6 months. v
LUSTENBERGER— In this city. January 13.
1901, Eva, youngest and dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Michael and Ida Lustenberger, • and
sister of Bertha Lustenberger, a v native of
.San Francisco, aged 5 months and 27 days.
McCARTY— Mrs. Catharine McCarty, widow of
Daniel McCarty, and beloved mother of Mrs.
W. S. Leake and the late E. J. McCarty,
born In Mallow, County Wicklow, Ireland,
aged 81 years.
£7 Interment at Sacramento. No flowers.
McGRATH— In this city. January U, 1901, Alioe
F., beloved daughter of John and Catherlot
McGratb, and dearly beloved sister of Agnes,"
John, Josle and James McGrath. a native of
San - Francisco. (West ¦ Rutland. VL, papers
pleare copy.) • . -
C7" Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the resldencs of
the parents, 1620 Church street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ¦ ; '¦.¦¦-,.-
McPHERSON— In this city, January 12. 1901.
Jeanette McPherson. beloved wife of the late
M. T. McPherson, and mother of 8, H.. G. W.
and H. P. McPherson.; a native of Texas,
aged 61 years 6 months and 12 days. A mem-
ber of Paclflo Lodge No. 815, Knights and
Ladles of Honor. (Merced papers please copy.)
E7The funeral will take place " this day
(Monday), at 2:15 o'clock, from, the funeral
parlors of James McMenomey & i Son, 1067
Mission street, thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery
for cremation at 3 o'clock.
McSHANB — In this city, January 12, 1901,
Ellen, beloved . wife of the late James Mc-
Shane, mother of Magsrie and Genevleve Mc-
Shane, daughter of the late Joseph and Mar-
garet Coffey. and sister of John, Joseph an<l !
Maurice Coftey and Mrs. Alice Spinner and i
the late Daniel. Coffey and Mrs. Mary O'Neill,
a native of Sacramento, Cal., aged 37 years.
ETFrienda and, acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her brother. John Coftey. 2609 Twenty-first
street, thence, to St. Peter's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. 1 Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOLLOY — In this city. January 19. 1901,
Thomas Molloy, a native of County Galway,
' Ireland, aged 45 years.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. ' Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high maes will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing- at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townaend
streets.
MULLER— In this city, January 12, 190L George
Muller. beloved son of Gerhard and the late
Catherine Muller, brother of William, Made-
line and Annie Muller, and nephew of Henry
Wellbrock, a native of Donnern, Gestemunde,
Germany, aged 84 years and 8 days. (Jersey \
City and New York papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street, hear
Fifth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
THE officers and members of Court Justice No.
18, F. of A., are hereby requested to assem-
ble at the funeral parlors of H. F. Maass. 917
Mission street, to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, George Muller.
MARTIN H. HUBER. Chief Raneer.
A. F. BRINKMAN. Fin. Sec
PLANZ— In this city, January 13, 1901, Ka»-
par Planz, beloved father of Henry A., Leon-
ard William and - Lizzie Planz and Mrs. A.
L/Ul, a native of Hesse-Darmstadt, Germany,
aged 53 years 3 months and 11 days.
REGAN— In this city, Mary, beloved wife of the
late Patrick Regan, and mother of ohn Re-
gan, Mrs. H. Ford.> Mrs. W. Moore,' Mrs. L.
Regan and the late Annie Hamilton, a native
of Queenstown, County Cork. Ireland, aged 71
years and 12 days.
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 447 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's
Church for services at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SEHABIAGUE— In this city, January IS. 190L
Marie, beloved wife of Thomas Sehablague,
mother of Honore Sehabiague. sister of Mrs.
Arnaud 8ehablague, and Blst«r-ln-law of Ar-
naud Sehablague, Mr. and Mrs. Jean Ray,
Mr. and Mrs. Michel Sehablague and Mr. and
Mrs. A. Patllet, a native of France, aged 24
years 11 months and 6 days.
EyFrlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, January 16, at 2 o'clock, from her late
* residence, 842 Greenwich street, between Ma-
con and Taylor.
STEWART— In this city. January 13. lflOL, Mar-
tha, dearly beloved wife of the late. Henry
Stewart, and mother of Mr*. J. P. Taylor
and Harry, John. George and Martha Stew-
art, a native of Chile, aged 45 years 8 months
s and 6 daj-3.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. . 6 Scott place, between Broadway and
Pacific street. Powell and Mason, thence to
cemetery.
STROETGEN- In this city, January 13, 1901.
Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Thereoe
Stroetgen, and father of Sophie, Emma and
Bertha Stroetgen, a native of Germany, aged
40 years and 1 day. ~
THIESSEN— In this city January 13, 1901,. Lls-
zie C, eldest and dearly beloved daughter of
Barbara and the late Henry Thlessen, and
sister of Henry and Emma Thlessen, a native
of San Francisco, aged 22 years S months and
6 days. A member of St. Paul's Young La-
dies' Society.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother, 348A Harriet street, between Bry- I
ant and Brannan, thence to St. Paul's Ger-
¦ man Evangelical Lutheran Church, 1419 How-
ard street, near Tenth, where services will be
. held, commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In this oity, January 13, 1901,
WllliiMn H. Thompson. - brother of Frank R.
and Walter G. Thompson, a native of Penn-
sylvania, aged 60 years 10 months and IS
days. * «
(CJrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), ! at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment private.
TOBIN— In this city, January 13, 1901, Henry
A: ,»on of J. J. and the lat« Elizabeth M.
T-- 11, a native of Kansas City. Mo.
'lyThe funeral will take placo this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his elster/ Mrs. J. G. Lelbert, 111814 Fell
street, thenM to Sacred Heart Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TOOMET— In this city. January 12, 1901. Mary,
beloved wife of Henry Toomey, mother of
Mary, John, William, Kate. Ella. Benjamin.
Georg« and Alloe Toomey, and sister of John
Carmody, a native of Lowell, Mass., aged 45
years and 19 days. (Lowell, Mass., and Og-
denburg, N. T., papers please copy.)
1C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2777 Twenty-third street, thence to St
Peter'o Church, where services will b» held at
10:80 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
WALKER— In Stege, Contra Costa County,
January 13, 1901, John, beloved husband of
Cora Walker, and father of Julia Walker, a
native of Switzerland, aged 36 years 11 months
and 20 days. ¦>'- wTcasaaa'aaBBS
WILSON— In this city, January 18, 1901, Jo-
seph H., beloved son of Frank and Mary Wil-
son, and brother of Francis M. Wilson, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 25 days.
WOLFE— In this city, January 18. 1901. Mrs.
Lizzie Wolfe, beloved mother of David, Jo-
seph,' Abe and Morris and the late Jacob
.Wolfe. Mrs. Elian Haynes and Bessie Isaac-
son and Mrs. A, H.' # Joseph, a native of Ger-
many, aged 68 years. (Texas, New Mexloo
and Salem. Or., papers please copy.)
JET 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 419 Union street, thence by train at
11:30 o'clock to New Salem Cemetery. -
YOUNG— In this city.. January 13. 1901,. Bertie^
beloved wife of G«org« H. Young, daughter
of Mrs. M. A. Walsh, sister of Alic« Walsh,
and - niece of Charles D. ," Hunt, a native of
San Francisco. ;'...,,
DIVIDEND NOTICES. }¦ ;
nj VI
Bank or Ean Franclsco.-At a regular meeting
of the. Board 'of Directors of this Bank, held
January 8,. 1901. a dividend was declared for
the .half-year, ending 31st December, 1900, at
tn, rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the 15th lnst. Transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to the 15th
lnst., both days inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
January 8, 1901.
THE semi-annual guaranteed dividend on ln-
» r £w t " be ,t rln<r «""•»¦ shares in La Zacualpa
Rubber Plantation, at the rate of 5 per cent
per annum as per coupons, will be due and
payable at th<« ofnres of the company, 703-704
{I&us Fpreckels building. San Francisco, on
and after January 15, 1901.
IjA comp UALPA RUBBBI1 plantation
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 17 (twenty-
flye cents per share) of the Kilauea Sugar
j !"" tatlon Co. will be payable at the office
£.. t J?«.5 ompan y« S27 Market Bt., on and after
rt^ESDAT. January 13, 1901. Transfer books
closed on Thursday, January 10, at 3 o'clock
P* m - E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 87 (twen-
ty-five cents per share) of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be payable
at the office of the company, 827 Market St.,
Ban Francisco, Cal.. on and after Monday.
January 81. 1S01. Transfer books close on
Tuesday. January 15. 1601, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
"BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not b« inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
LUTLET— In this city. January 8, lSOt to the
wife of Frank Lutley, a daughter.
TYSON— In this city, December 80, 1900, to the
wife of J. Tyson, a daughter.
MARRIED^
BROWN-ZEEK-In this city. January 10, 1901,
Harry O. Brown and Katie J. Zeek.
LICHTENFELD- ROSENBAUM— In this city,
January 6, 190L by the Rev. Dr. J. Voorsan-
ger. Herman Lichtenfeld of Stockton and
Helen Rosenbaum of San Francisco.
DIED.
Allen. C. M. McCarty. Mrs.' Cath-
Becker, John arine
Berryman. John T. McGrath. Alice F.
Brannan, Thomas McPheraon, Jeanette
Burbank. Samuel M. McShane. Ellen
Carter, Mfts. Julia Molloy, Thomas
Collins, Denis Muller, George
CosgTave, Frances G. Planz. Kaspar
Donovan, Frank F. Reean. Mary
Glblin. Gertrude M. Sehablague. Marie .
Grady. Augustus Stewart. Martha
Gutter. Ida E. Stroetgen. Joseph
Henon. Walter ThiMsen, Lizzie C
Hoffman, Harold E. Thompson, Wm. H.
House. Josephine Tobin. Henry A.
Johnson, Gladys A. Toomey, Mary
Kelleher. Ellen Walker. John
Koch (Cook). Wm. Wilson, Joseph H.
Lancaster, Joseph L. Wolfe. Mrs. Lizzie
Lustenberger, Uva Youne, Bertie
ALLEN'— In Wagoner, Ariz., January 7, 1901.
C. M. Allen, aged 28 years 7 months and 8
days.
BECKER— In this city, January 13. 1901, John,
dearly beloved son of Michael and Laura
Becker, and dearly beloved brother of Mrs.
G«orgo Gies and Michael, Carl. William and
Albert Becker, a native of San Francisco,
ngi-rt 24 years 2 months and 15 days.
BERRYMAN— In this city. January 13, 1901,
John T. Berryman, a native of Cornwall,
England, aged 56 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. »
BRANNAN— In Los Angeles, ,'^nuary 11, 1901.
Thomas, beloved son of Eva and the late
Thomas Brannan. and brother of Mary F.
and Agnes . A. Brannan, Mrs. J. B. Daley,
Brother Zenonian and the late James E.
Brannen, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years 7 months and 3 days,
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the tuneral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, ttvm his latt- resi-
dence, 373 Ninth avenue, near Point Lobos.
thence to Star of the Sea Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9;30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BURBANK— In this city, January 13, 1901,
Samuel M., husband of Mary N. Burbank,
and brother of S. E. Burbank of Nevada and
J. P. Burbank of AndeTson, Cal., a native of
Maine, aged 67 years 10 months and 8 days.
C7Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 3:30 o'clock, at the residence of J. J.
Wentworth, 220S Twenty-fourth street.
CARTER— In Oakland, January 12, 1901. Mrs.
Julia Carter, beloved mother of Daniel P.
Carter of San Francisco, Edward Guy Carter
of Cottonwood. Shasta County, and Mrs. Isa-
bel M. Morgan of Oakland, a native of Xew
York, aged 73 years 8 months and 22 days.
(CTTuneral services and Interment at Oro-
ville. Butte County.
COLLINS— In this city, January 11, 1901, Denis
Collins, a native of - County Cork. Ireland,
ac*d 53 years.
IDTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited t« attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), a# .40, o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, where a->aoi--
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COSGRAVE— In this city, January 12. 190L
Frances G-. beloved ¦wife of John B. Coe-
srave, mother of Nicholas R., John F., Car-
melita and Thomas P. Coagrave, daughter of
M«. O tand Mrs. P. M. Hotran, and sister of
V '.liam H., James F-, Bantlste. Mae and
T.ioraae E. Hofran. S. J., and Mrs. P. Kem-
ble, a native of Napa, Cal.. aged 82 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1014 Broderick street, thence to Holy
CroM Church, Eddy street, near Scott, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10:30
o'clock. Interment private.
DONOVAN— In Frultvale, January 12, 190L,
- Frank F., dearly beloved eon of Martin and
Margaret Donovan, a native of San Fran-
cl?eo, aged 30 years, and 5 months.
(CTRemaln* at the parlors of Carew & Eng-
lish, 41 Van Ness avenue. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
GIBLIN— In this city. January 13. 1901. Ger-
trude M., beloved daughter of Mary T. and
John Olblln, and beloved sister of Genevleve,
Agnes, Ella, John, Edna and Flossie Giblin,
a native of San Francisco.
GRAOY— In this city, January 13, 1P01. Au-
gustus, beloved son of James O-rady, and
brother of Lizzie Orady, a native of San
Francisco. (New Tork papers please copy.)
IDTNotlee of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness
avenue.
GUTTER— In this city, January 12. 1901, Ida
Emma Gutter, dearly beloved wife of Richard
Gutter, dearly beloved daughter of Reinhold
and Johanna Pohl. and beloved sister of Mrs.
Andrew Schneider and the late Georue Pohl,
a natlv« of Germany, aged 17 years & months
and 9 days.
HENON— In Fanta Barbara, January 10, 1901,
Walter, beloved ton of C. W. and Mrs. B. J.
Henon, and brother of Paul J., Harry, C. W.
Jr., George S. and Maud Henon. a native of
California, a«?ed 24 years and 6 months. (Oak-
land r*rers please copy.)
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at-1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1744 Market street, corner of
Van Ness avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
HOFFMAN— In this city, January 11, 190L
Harold Edwin, beloved son of Annie. J. and
the late Frederick Hoffman, a native of San
Francisco, aged 14 years 8 months and 11
days.
£7Fri<?nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the English
Lutheran Church. Geary street, between Oc-
tavia and Gough. . Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemeter;'.
HOUSE— In this city, January 18, 1001 Jo-
n»phlne House, widow of the. late L, T.-
House, and mother of Beatrice B. House, a
native of Fremont, Ohio.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from 1341 Valencia
street. Interment Laurel Hill Ometery.
JOHNSON— In this city, January ¦ 12. 1901,
Gladys A., beloved daughter, of Marcus G.
and Annie Johnson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 8 years 8 months and 18 dayi.
fC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 832 Thirtieth street, near San-
chez,
KELLEHER— In this city, January . II, ¦ 190L.
Ellen, beloved wife of John Kelleher, loving
mother of Josle, Willie and Ettle Kelleher,
Mrs. G. Brown and Mrs. R. Miller, and sister
: of Mrs. F. Smith, Mrs. R. Lenehan, Mrs. J.
Murphy and Michael and Jeremiah Sullivan,
a native of County Kerry, Ireland. ,
ICJTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
denc", 206 St. Rose avenue, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
meneinc at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary • Cemetery. , •
KOCH (COOK)— In this city. January 11, 1901.
HENRY J. GALL AG H ER CO.
<&ucceeeor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
£0 Fifth st.. opposite , Lincoln SchooL
- Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
r7 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 1ST. ".</"
rUNEKAL DIRE0T0K3 AND EMBALMEB3.
Flnwt Eonlpment at Moderate Rates.
MoAUOY <fc CO.. > I
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS \ & i EMBALMERS, I
1233 Market St., between Sth and Sth. • I
V Telephone South 247. §
RAILWAY TBAVIX.
California
Limited
The trip is all too brief — -
3 days to Chicago over
the SANTA FE from
San Francisco. Leaves
every morning
at 9 q'clock.
See the Ticket }
Agent at 641
Market street
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Ltm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. Ban Fran. 7:20 a 1:00 a S:00p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton . 10:25 a 11:43 a 11:05 p T:23 p
*• Merced .. 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno ... 1:19 p 2:S5 p 1:06 a ........
*" Hanford . 4:22 p 8:27 p 7:0* a M
" Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tular* ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a ........
" Bksneld . €:50p 5:20 p 7.S0 a
" Kan. City 2:41 a 7:30 a .....
*• Chicago, 2:15 p »:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
»:C0 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnlnx
Can through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersneld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
•4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleeper* and
free Reclining . Chair Car, also Pa!ac«
Sleeper, which cuts out at .Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 1:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakenfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 441 Market stre«t and la Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land.5 BUTTE, :; Mont.,- Jan. 13.— The i Northern
Pacific Railway Company has ] given the
Amalgamated | Copper Company | an option
of all ¦ Its timber lands ' in- MontanaJ - It ? is
estimated that when* this 'deal/ is'com
pleted - the : railroad : company ¦ will receive
. sinful nfto :frmn the ' coouer comoanv.
Big Timber Deal Pending-.
•Mrs. Julia Carter, mother of Dan Carter,
the Well-known .tobacconist, 1 , died; at her
residence, 1205 Buchanan street.'ori'Satur
day .at the advanced age of 73 years,: 6
months and 22 days. ...The deceased ' wag : a
native of New York.rFuneral services and
Interment will take place at. Orovllle,
Butte County.v *
Mrs. Julia Carter Dead.
The condition of the weather v kept the
small crowds that {gathered "at the park
and beach yesterday on the move. No ac
cidents-or-incidents .worthy of -special
mention occurred during the day. An un
usually < good bill was - enjoyed by a large
audience at the Chutes and notwithstand
ing ithe ; cold ¦ weather, the Chutes and
scenic railway 'were well natropi»oi. % . «.
- i-i.r?:-.. i ..,-.* ¦:•¦¦.•:. .¦*ut,-^. .. . .1 ,- .
Sunday at Pleasure Places.
The Sons of Hermann held their tenth
annual ball and banquet at Mission Turn
Verein Hall on Eighteenth street last
night. During the evening's entertain
ment the presence of Grand President
Oscar HocKs was announced, much to the
satisfaction of those present, who took
the opportunity to extend to htm a hearty
welcome. President F. W. Rose of the
club. a.bly assisted by a competent com
mittee who had the general arrangements
in hand, did everything possible to make
the tenth anniversary memorable in- the
minds of those who were in attendance.
The floor management devolved- upon
Plus Gfell. who was assisted by Paul
Spelling. .
Hermann Sons Celebrate.
Commander, ' A. '-,' E. '¦, Cohn; S.", V. C.,' L. F.
Smith; J.- V. ¦ U... Gustave,, Marck; c adjutant,
Frank Elliott Myers! '¦ quartermaster, i A; S.
Isaacs ; chaplain,*- J. ¦- H. 3 Hilton ;• surgeon, John
Duncan: of fleer, of • the day,-. II. ; P.. Clapp;> of fl
eer, of the. guard,. John . Brockman ; -, sergeant
major,"' Frank A. Kelly; quartremaster ser
geant, Sol Cahen. . .• ¦ •-." '¦'¦¦•¦ i ; .
* James A. Garfleld Post will hold 'a camp
flre'on Tuesday eyenlrig,' the 15th. inst., at
'Its 7 post i obm j in ;• Alcazar j building, . on
which occasion the ; , new ;1 officers I for : the
current year will welcome all comrades of
the Grand Army 1 of the -Republic,", whether
resident ; of ' San - Francisco . or ¦ temporarily
sojourning' in ; the city. r/The old.soldiei?
and:, sailors; will be r regaled with, sand
wiches' and v the > necessary " liquid :. with
which 'to wash them down." 'The following
are the«new- officers:-- ¦"¦¦•''•¦¦¦¦
', James.'' Av: G-arfield Post ¦ Officers.
John Cahalan , Was found dead in .-his
room at 26% Kearny- street about noon
yesterday by . the : Chinese servant. ' -.• 'He
was stretched - out Von the ; floor, and"' as
there was a suspicion that* he. had. com-;
mittcd suicide the Coroner's office was no
tified.
When Deputy Coroner Meehan arrived
upon the scene he discovered an empty
bottle of lysol. : a deadly, poison, ! on the
washstand and '.the odor, from the , dead
man's mouth led him to 1 believe that 'he
had swallowed the poison.f The body, was
removed to the Morgue.: ,-
Cahalan was about 6* years of. age. and
for several years had been- a canvasser
for a cigar- hou^e on Battery street: '-.'He
was a regular frequenter of Otersen's, sa
loon \ on Post' street, 'and there it > was
learned that he had been a sufferer from
kidney .troubles for years. . It ie supposed
that in a fit of despondency, he had' taken
the poison. He was a widower and leaves
a grown-up sen nnd daughter. An au
topsy wfll-be held. -¦: - ...
John Catalan, an Old Cigar • Can
vasser, ' Seeks ' Surcease From " \
- ' - His Troubles. • ¦ '?¦>!}'.} I
COMMITS SUICIDE
BY DRINKINa , LYSOL
Daniel McCarty and , mother of Mrs. TV."
S. . Leake- and the late E. J.. McCarty,
died in Mill Valley yesterday : morning.
Mrs. -McCarty had reached" the 1 advanced
age of '81 years when she was seized with
a -sudden' illness that terminated fatally;
She was in full possession of her mental
, faculties • up to. the last- moment.' ", 4 J
¦ Mrs. McCarty. was» born ¦ in ; Mallow.
County W'icklow.l Ireland.- : She resided I in
bacramento for a I number of : years and
many friends in the Caoltal City rand
throughout the • State will mourn her de
mise. Her charitable*, deeds, ; always • un
ostentatiously : done, brought comfort to
many needy ones. The i remains will - be
taken to Sacramento for burial. .
Mother of Mrs. W. S. Lcake Dies Sud
' denly at the Advanced Age'of ' ; :
;¦' - '-. ./<''¦•/ .'81 •Years./. .' ..',;',:
Mrs. Catharine • McCarty, relict .ot
MRS. CATHARINE McCARTY '
, . *. ANSWERS DREAD, SUMMONS
members of the local lodge of the
Universal . Brotherhood were, addressed
last '.night V at the Academy of Sciences
Hall -by Dr.. Jerome A. Anderson, Dr. Al
len Griffiths. A, D. Robinson and H. S.
Cahn. '.'.¦..- The 7 work of the * century just
closed was reviewed by Dr. Anderson, who
said, that the chief. victory was had in the
overthrow of materialism and the substi
tution of, a rational- conception of the hu
man scul ¦ > •: ; : ¦ ;
A." 'D.'i- Robinson reviewed the work of
the society for the past twenty-five years
and dwelt at length on the help extended
the sufferers from the Indian' famine and
the Cuban war. The other speakers out
lined ; thft future of ' the organization and
the influence for good which it is exerting
upon humanity. , ,:
The society will' give an entertainment
to-night," the proceeds t of which will be
devoted to humanitarian .: work.-, ;¦;?.-:
WOEKOP THE UNIVERSAL
BROTHERHOOD REVIEWED
Members Will Give an Entertain
ment to Raise Funds for
• Humanitarian Work.
Early Closing Cards Received.
The early closing movement by which
the retail clerks have succeeded In induc
ing the storekeepers to comply with the
popular demand for the closing of all
stores at 6 o'clock, has gained an addi
tional impetus by the reception In this
city of union store cards from the Retail
Clerks' Association In Denver. The dis
tribution of these cards will be taken in
hand by the local union in this city and
placed in the store windows of such stores
as conform to the rule of closing at 6
o'clock in the evening.
No cards will be placed in windows of
storekeepers who have declined to accede
to the early closing movement. The clerks
have thirty committees at work agitating
their cause before trades unions and fra
ternal societies. By this and other meth
ods they expect to educate the public to
purchase durins the daytime.
A general meeting of Bakers' Union
JCo. 24 xvas held yesterday morning, u
large . number of members being present.
J. D. Pierce, organizer of the Associated
Federation of Labor, addressed the meet
ing and urged all present to work har
moniously.
The members of the Italian Eakers'
Union No. 117 reported that they were
ready to work under the six-day week as
poon as requested by I'nion No. 24. The
initiation fee of I'nion No. 24 was raised
to $20 in order to prevent e mployers bring
ing men to the coast, as it was learned
that requests had been sent east for
workmen to come out here. It was also
decided not to admit any member of the
Eastern unions on traveling cards unless
tne cards were issued by a union in Cali
fornia and such member would be re
quired to pay an additional fee of $15 on
entrance. The meeting also decided that
a fine of J2 f t would hf levied on any mem
ber who worked with a non-union man
for more than twenty-four hours with
out reporting the. same. The members
also piedgpd themselves not to purchase
poods after 6 p. m. on week days or 11
p. m. on Saturdays.
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: President, Emil
Echaerer; vice president, George Stein;
recording secretary. Paul Eichenberger;
address secretary, George Saville; treas
urer, Emil Eisold; corresponding secre
tary and business agent. Marcel Wil!e.
Trustees, for long- term. Henry Heller:
for Ehort term, Peter Liippert, Jack Beck.
Executive board, J. Petersen, J. Rutsch
mann. J. Mueller, C. Nurmberger aivl
Gilbert Diebold. ; -. -VV _.,/ . \
Bakers' Union No. 24 Holds Meeting.
¦ E. P. Strauss, a representative of a Chi
cago dry goods firm, says the alleged boy
cott Dlaced on American drummers in
Honolulu Is a canard.; Mr. Strauss ar
rived from the Hawaiian capital on the
f-teamship Mariposa and put up at the
Palace. He was the first American drum
mVr to travel to Honolulu with A line of
goods, and he reports, that the conditions
< xisting; there as regards a f rigid recep
tion to American business enterprises are
greatly exaggerated if not wholly false.
He declares that he was greeted cordially
by every merchant with whom he came
in contact and denies that he was in any
way shut out by any house he . ap
proached. On the contrary, he says that
everything which could be don© to facili
tate his work and render his stay a pleas
ant one was done by the • merchants of
the city.- . ¦
: In speaking of his experience as the
pioneer of commercial' > men from the
mainland to '.Honolulu Mr. iStrauss said
.that. he had .heard before, he left of the
difficulties he mlifht have to face.
i- "I was agreeably surprised," said he,'
"to find that the -Honolulu firms all ex
tended: a warm welcome to me,, as my or
dcrfbopk;will show.' Of course 'there" are
some manufacturing' concerns there which
do notlook with imuch favor upon an in
flux of States-made goods; but competi
'tion and interchange are the life of trade
and I I do. not anticipate continued , oppo
sition. . The outlook there - at present is
very promising, though I -expect a great
improvement in a very short time.. My
business and social, relations with every
t Gne-with whom . I ¦ came - in contact there
were of the most cordial description; and
so far as I could see there was no founda
r tion • for- the boycott story, whieh; I- con
sider one of whole cloth." •• -.
( ,---,¦ ,¦¦•;¦
Honolulu Merchants Wel
come Drummers Prom
the Main Lend.
ALLEGED BOYCOTT
IS MOONSHINE
The officers of the Shoe Repalre.**
TJnicn are: President. C. E. Perry; sec
retary. J- E- Lyman; treasurer, J. D. De
cum: business agent. Thomas Beresford:
delegate to the Labor Council, L. Valaii
stein.
During the ir.Lcting yesterday the men:
bers of the union were addressed by T. E
Za\t and A. H. Andre, both Labor Council
delegates. A resolution was presented
that all union shops should in the future
display In conspicuous places within them
cards drav.inrr the attcr.tlcn of the pub
lic to the fact that they are run on union
lines.
x he shoe repairer? also discussed the
plan of having uniform hours of labor. It
wa? suggested that in the future all mem
bers of tlie union shall go to twork at *
a. m. and quit work at 7 p. m.
Mf-n's ha!f-scl!np and heeling wl!l be raised
frcm 73 cents to $1: when ihiF work is done
by hand sfsrins the- price chargrJ will be 51 00.
Works'* so!ed and heeled, from 50 cents
The Custom Shoe Repairers' Union met
yesterday afternoon in executive session
in Pythian Cattle. The question of the
Japanese competition and encroachment
was discussed. Il was decided to raise
the price of all shoe repairing twenty-five
per cent. The new schedule makes
changes as follows:
Five Per Cent.
They jVIeet and Raise Prices Twenty-
CUSTOM SK0E EEPAIREKS.
Richard Potcher. an old man. living on
Sutler street, near Broderick. was brutal
ly assaulted in front of his home late Sat
urday night by three men. Mr. Potcher
had been visiting friends in i the next
block, and after bidding them good-by,
he walked up Sutter street to his home.
Taking out his latchkey he started to
open the door of his house, when he was
suddenly attacked by three unknown men,
one ot whom struck him on the head with
a blunt instrument, presumably a "black
jack."
As he fell unconscious from the blow his
assailants, repeatedly kicked him. One
of the . occupants of. the house heard the
old man fall. and quickly opening the door
fce saw. the three ruffians leave their pros
trate victim and hurry down the ."street.
Potcher was" at once taken into his house
and as It was thought that he was fatally
Injured the family physician was sent" for.:
An examination revealed that lie old man
had sustained an ugly scalp wound In ad
dition to being Internally injured.-
Special Policeman Joe Doyle, whose' beat
Is on Sutter-street, was. immediately ap
prised of the brutal , assault, and atte.r;
obtaining a meager description of the
men he Instituted a search for them, but
without result. Yesterday he visited po
lice headquarters and, informed Captain 1
of Detectives Seymour of tho occurrence-
The latter at once sent. Detective Rey
nolds to the home of the aged -victim: to
get a statement from. him. Mr. Potcher,
whos<> condition Is considered serious,:in
formed the detective that he had left. his
friends shortly before midnight and start
ed for hJs home. . He was Just about to
enter, he declared, when he was attacked
and brutally beaten. As the men ,made
no attempt to tak«'hls valuables, Potcher
does not believe that the motive for. the
assault was robbery. - - /..:..¦
Richard Potcher Murder
ously Attacked in Front
of His Home. ,
THUGS BRUTALLY
BEAT AGED MAN
THERE are a lot of clever folk up
at the Alhambra Theater this
week, in a new farce which might
have been ciewr but isn't.
"A Stranger in a Strange Land."
an Anglo-American farce by Sidney WU
mcr ard Walter Vincent, is a kind of com
edy of errors of the •"Incopr" variety, with
a reminiscence of "The Man from Mex
ico." and attempted fun of the fast and
furious rort apotheosized, by Hoyt. The
scene is laid at a country house nm-.r
London. Kngland, and the chief excite
ment is provided by three of a kind in the
l«j?e of Indians introduced into the peace
ful suburl-anite home. The Willie CoUler
ish !:eio. Jack Thorndyk- (William
Fii>r<l> finds it imperative to his p^ace to
import an American Indian Into bis aunt s
Engli?l< home, which Indian is to fill the
part of a mythical heathen supposed to
have rf-scuert said hero from a massacre
upon tfc#> plains of Buffalo. New York!
Thoir.dyke takes h'.s uncle. Charles Dud-
Icy icto'his confidence, and Dudley (an
excellently characterized hit of acting by
Charles Drake) discovers a real Indian,
the assistant of a traveling American
Quack doctor. Hi delightedly seizes upon
tbp Irdian and the doctor, and informs
his nephew of the prize. But. In the mean
time, his nephew has persuaded a. college
friend to impersonate the necessary In
dian. \inder "promise of helping forward
the college friend's suit with his sister,
and in the confusion he imagines that his
uncle is alluding to the sham heathen.
The r*al Indian 3nd the doctor, who is al
fo to help matters along by acting as a
former cattle king frler.d of Thom«Syke"s,
are forthwith engaged at a reasonable
ealary. and the fun begins. An entirely
unnecessary third I'ndian. a dis=ffii!s»n ne
tee've is introduced, and the plausibilities
are stretched to the breaking point. The
lines lack any special brightness,- but
there are plenty of laughe coming, and
some of the situations are absurdly funny.
If is an excellent Indian that Joseph
Ctrak does, William Friend has the
plausible prevaricator down to a fine
ooint, E. J. Mack is a convincing quack
•Fitzgerald lought viciously to free him
self .from, the officer's . grasp, and In the
struggle he managed. to swallow. a small
quantity of the poison. ¦; He was taken to
the hospital arid soon- recovered.'. , ,
.-Mrs. Fitzgerald, the widow of the dead
man, yesterday visited police, headquarters
and made a statements -her. husband's
death to Captain Seymour. She said that
when he entered the sUloon where he took
the ; fatal '• dose." he asked ¦ her to have a
drink with' him. She refused, : as she
feared that he wasibent on? doing; harm.
She ; believed that after ithe drink was
served to him he secretly, poured the aqid
Into . the -beer, and v then drank. the con
tents .of .the glass. < .-, :.." ¦...,.¦ ., >
: Coroner- Cole yesterday sent" the" stom
ach, of the dead- man to 'the chemist for
•analysis.! An autopsy, failed to reveal any
trace of. poison. ;•¦;,:• •_> \
Fitzgerald saw the woman drown, and,
presumably becoming .remorse-stricken,
he purchased a phial of carbolic acid, de
termined to .end -his existence. , Taking
un a position in' front of the "Palace of
Illusions," he drew the cork from the
phial, after telling the astonished on
lookers that he was about to join his wife
in the other world. Before he had a
chance to swallow' the ' deadly poison a
policeman," who had been/ summoned,
placed him under arrest. ,- :
Little attention was paid to his , threat
until the woman was seen running toward
thu channel pursued by Fitzgerald. Af
ter.reaching the channel" she hurled her
self from a pier into the water and sank
before assistance could reach her.
¦ William Fitzgerald, who committed sui
cide in a Pacific-street saloon early yes
terday morning by swallowing a dose of
carbolic acid, made a similar attempt to
kill himself In Stockton last June. He was
conducting the "Palace of Illusions" at
the Stockton Street Fair, when he became
drunk and threatened to kill himself and
the woman whom he then called his wife.
William Fitzgerald's Suicide
Prompted by Like Deed
of Belter Half.
HE FOLLOWS HIS
WIFE'S EXAMPLE
At the Olympia Querita Vincent. Mabel
Hudson, Ouhama and Annette George will
entertain the week's audiences.
The Chutes announces another . strong
bill for this week. The new faces are
John W. WhaJen. late of Primrose &
Dockstadter's minstrels, and the God
freys, aerial balancers. : The hold-overs
are Dave Barton, Ahem and Patrick,
Hanlon and Singer, Rose Lee Tyler. Hal
Conlett and new comic moving pictures.
• * *
Among new names et Fischer's concert
house this week are Edyke Leslie and
Farl and Hampton. Cro. Bernard and
Cro. Marie D. Wood, Sid Baxter and Mile,
Atlantis are among the hold-overs from
last week's good bill.
California, is a vehicle constructed to give
the members of the company an opportu
nity to exhibit themsclveB in their various
specialties, some of which are good and
others not so good. The action of the
play revolves around the troubles of a
young artist. Jack Dauber, who is pur
eued by sundry creditors. The part is
taken by Billy Williams, who is rather
amateurish, and. in fact, his associates in
the farce need professional brushing up,
or else the farce needs retouching. Wil
liams apparently pleased the gallery last
night with his sand jig, while Adelaide La
Farve received some apnlause for her ren
dition of "Old Kentucky Home." Dave
Martin and Percy Owen played well on
the trombone end saxophone, but Victor
Casmore's German tsomedy will not set
the world afire. The seminary girls, four
in number, sang and danced pleasantly,
and W. C. West played the old Vermonter,
Reuben Merrifield, in a natural manner.
Dorothy, Williams does a Spanish dance
creditably. The piece concludes with
'"Every Race Has a Flag But the Coon."
which permits the members of the com
pany to exhibit the flags of all nations.
Next week Mrs. Minnie Maddem-Flske
will appear In "Becky Sharp," which
promises to be a notable engagement ai
this house.
"A Breezy Time," now playing at .the
The Orpheum has an original attraction
this week In the first appearance here of
feam Lockhart's "Baby Elephants," one
of the most interesting animal shows on
the boards. Eugene O'Rourke and com
pany and Billy Link are the other head
liners of the week. .
The Central Theater offers 'a programme
of varied attractiveness this week, from
which embarrassment of riches it Is a
little difficult to choose the piece de re
sistance. Whether it be "The Two Or
phans," with caloric effects by the new
"steam heater." or. as the advertisements
would seem to indicate. "The New Steam
Heater," with dramatic effects by the
orphan duet, is not quite clear. Nor does
it go without saying that the cessation of
"Woman and Wine"— a performance quite
Independent of steam or any other heat
ers — is not chiefest matter for congratu
lation. But the patrons of the "Two
Orphans" are assured of warm feet, while
they weep this week and of a production
equal in all respects to the original Union
Square Theater version.
The holiday spectacle. "Cinderella," will
close a successful' run of five weeks next
Sunday evening at j the Tivoli Op^ra
house. Thp popular "Fencing Master,"
by De Koveniand Smith, will follow.
• The third and last week of thf pucopss
fui comedy. "Nell Gwynne," will begin
this evening at the Alcazar Theater. It
Is also the last week of Florence Roberts'
appearance --at the popular little theater
until her regular -season during tho sum
mer months. "Sweet Lavender," with
Lila Convere in the leading role, will fol
low "Nell Gwynne."
• • •
doctor, and Frank Gorman is a good Eng
lish butler. Alice Wellington, the Ameri
can girl, is well taken by Miss Norman,
who acts much better than she sing;., and
Mav Anderson. Eatelle Wilmot and Ottilie
de Lauo are all satisfying in their various
rctes.
END OF THE SECOND ACT OF "A STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND." WHERE THE . DETECTIVE. PLAYING
INDIAN, COMES IN FOR A THRASHING AT THE HANDS OF HIS SUPPOSED MASTER, THE AMERICAN
MEDICINE MAN. V
- • • "V . / \ ' • .
<*hairman fclcCbmtel] then appointed the
following coastttttee to draft a constitu
tion and by-lavs for the government of
the federation, with instructions to report
noxt Sunday: John Bell of the Marine
Ftr«*m*nV union. H. Milimcn? of the
'leamrters' rninn. Thomas Westoby of
the Shipioiners' Union, John Kean of the
Sailors' I'liion. H. Ryan of the Independ
ent LoT.rshorr>rnrn's I'nion. Thomas Me
«'onne!l of tli«=> ShtpwrtSBtS" I'nion. P. Vor
thy of the Ri-rgf rs" and Stevedores' I'nion,
T. Moore of the LonsphorTncn's Protec
tive Association and F. Koschnick of the
Lumbcrmr n't= I'nion.
Organizer P.erce of the American Fed
eration of Labor next addressed the dele
gation and ::d vised the members as to
Jiov to pro<-<?o<i.
Those present were then invited to ex
press their views of the benefits to be
jraincti by the several organizations form
ing a federation. There was a unanimity
of opinion that the propose*! federation,
•whir h will include every union on the
water front th<u !:as to do with the ship
ping, would itrcnctren all the organiza
tions and materially advance the interests
of labor. Thfie was not a vote cast
apninst th*» plan of federation.
The movement looking forward toward
th«* formation of the federation was in
augurated during the latter part of last
year by the Sailors' Union; the I-oiifr-
Fhoremen's Protective Association, the
Lurrbcrtnen's AfForiation and the Team
fters' I'nion. Two meetings were held by
these onraniza'JOJis. aid after a thorough
dSsrussicn of the proposed plan for feder
ation J. W. Sullivan of the Lumbermen
and C Jnrtall of the Sailer*' Tnion were
instructed to. eommin.Soate with the other
¦water front labor organizations. These
other organizations xntt invited to earh
Fend a delegation of three members to
confer with the projector? of the new fed
eration. When the xncetir.gr was called to
order at 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon
there were forty-four delegates present
from the following organizations: R:g
pers ana (Stevedore*. Rigger*. Sailmakers.
Ship ard Steamboat Joiners. Shipwrights,
{?hipc«ik<-rs. Marine Vtrnsen. Marine En
gineers. Hasten and Pilots. Independent
Lcnggborenen. Ship Joiners. Pile Drivers,
Sailors' I'nion. Lumbermen's I'nion, !.ong-
Fhorfm' > n's Protective Association anrl the
T>air.Fter?' l : nion. J. AV. Sullivan called
tr 1 * together, and after briefly
outlining the objeets of the meeting gave
¦nay t-i Thomas McContiell of the Ship
wrights' I'nion. who was unanimously
chosen to act as temporary chairman. C.
Jorta!! nf th*> Sailors' I'nion was unani
mously elected to serve as temporary sec
ret:nry.
A meeting of vast interest and import
ance to organized labor on the water
front was held yesterday afternoon at the
headquarters of the Sailors' Union. Rep
resentatives from the several labor or
ganizations identified with the shipping
Interests decided after a lengthy discus
f5on to bring all the societies together in
a water front federation.
Committed of Nine Appointed to Draft
a Constitution and By-Laws
for Government of the
Association.
Water Front Organizations
All Unite to Advance
Their Interests.
NEW FEDERATION
OF LABOR UNIONS
CLEVER PEOPLE IN ABSURD
FARCE AT THE ALHAMBRA
"A Stranger iii a Strange City "a- Queer Patchwork.
Last Week of "Nell Gwynne" at Meazar.
Professor Jordan, in opening his address,
dwelt upon the manner of university edu
cation as it existed in England thirty
years ago. At that time, Latin, Greek
and mathematics were thought to be the
essentials of a university training and
when Spencer wrote -a learned essay on
the true worth of education It startled the
schoolmen of the day, for there were but
few teachers. The ideas of Spencer set
men to thinking,- and from that time
many'benencial changes had been effect
ed. The English universities were gov
erned by tradition, and to have a uni
versity training was a class distinction.
There was a certain distinction about
a woman who was "well dressed," al
though her apparel might not be costly,
the speaker said. So it was with a man
who had secured the title of A. B. in
Kngland. It gave him a defined standing.
Men studied certain things at Oxford and
Cumbridge because it was a tradition to
do so. It was once said that there were
two classes at the English universities;
the men and the scholars. The men ¦were
not- scholars andx the scholars were not
men. Huxley and Tyndall were self-made
men, for they were not graduates of the
colleges of England. Self-made men
might achieve gTeater things if they had
the advantages of college education, and
English literature and science had suf
fered on account of the class distinction
shutting out men who afterward had won
fame.
Professor Jordan then explained the es
say of Spencer in which the writer denned
the branches of valuable education and
took up each of the Spencerian heads
separately.
In continuing. Professor Jordan said:
Spencer says that college education has a
value in life. Some knowledge has value and
some has not, while some information has no
value whatever! People spend too much of
tlieir time In securing definitions. To memor
iae the results of investigation is not worth as
much as making an investigation for yourself.
Spencer speaks of five lines of educational
value in life. The first Is the scientific knowl
edge dfalinj? with success in life. A success
ful life means an abundant life, and no life
can be successful without an abundance of
Kalth and morality. A sound body means a
scund life; unsound morals mean an unsound
body. ; The I human body is a. mere machine,
therefore the study or physiology is valuable.
Tc learn the mere structural parts of the hu
man machinery is not enough; we must learn
how to run the machine.
For instance, you may study the nervous
system, but knowledge will teach you how
beneficial temperance Is for that system. There
Ik no such thing as vice, for vice is but the
effort to get happiness without earning it.
The second and third lines laid down by
Spencer are those of education. This will teach
one his relative part In the world. Every man
should know a skilled trade, for there are hard
times ahead for the unskilled man. Andrew
Carnegie once told me that he owed his suc
cess in business to the fact that he secured the
services of the most skillful chemists, who en
abled him to manufacture steel on scientific
principles. Education means everything, and
the most Important thing to do is to educate
the children. Fit them for their work in life.
How glorious It would be if the present genera
tion would quit politics and money making and
devote Itself to the education of the children.
The world would Jump one hundred, aye one
thousand' years ahead. We would be rid of
the saloons, vice and crime, fourth cate
gory of Spencer's essay is. that of man's rela
tion to society. Social and political duties are
most Important ones and should never be neg
lected. - Democracy Is an educational growth.
When men are capable and eelf-thlnkingr It
rhows that they have advanced in education.
It has been said that the mob makes the king.
This is true also, for if no mob existed it
would not need a king.
I come now to the fifth category of Spencer,
which consists of the Joys of life. These joys
are ' art, poetry, music, literature and love of
nature. These are the bright flowers on the
tree of education. There are many means of.
securing a higher education and enjoying the
beauties of this fifth category. Education con
sists of real knowledge of ourselves and the
real knowledge of things in nature. A great
deal of good Is accomplished in spending a few
years at the universities, but to simply learn
Latin and Greek Is not real education. Thirty
years | ago. the colleges of America were as
narrow as those of England were. They did
not teach real knowledge. In the last twenty
years however, a great change has taken
place Colleges of agriculture and mechanical
arts sprung up all over the country and one
of the greatest advantages enjoyed by Cali
fornia Is due to the joining of the State Uni
versity and the mechanical college. Each class
of students and teachers has been benefited.
As Aggaslz once said. "A thorough education
consists In the thorough knowledge of some
thing " " This thorough knowledge of some
thing forms the backbone of real education.
The value of teaching was of vital Importance.
Emerson said. "It all lies with whom your
teacher Is." -It is far better to study one thing
with a good professor than to study many
things with a. poor one. A good teacher Is
bound to leave his mark. That is why univer
sities are always eager to gather together
great teachers. President Eliot of Harvard
has done more for • education in this respect
than any other man In America. His aim has
always been to make college men and not col
lege students. He believed In the work- of
constructive individualism, i In England the
aim of the universities Is to make men ¦gen
tlemen," well bred in every respect. Germany's
ideas are to do the work of the college In a
thorough manner, leaving the well breeding out
of the question. I have known professors in
Germany who have had the manners of bears.
The colleges In America are . doing the work
done In English and Gorman universities; they
are producing gentlemen, scholars and men of
force. In the old days, the colleges only ad
mitted a certain class of men, there was but
one door and It was a narrow one. To-day in
America we have many doors to our colleges
and they are of wide dimensions. • They let In
¦ all men who want to study all kinds of things.
Our colleges are brave, broad and free.
In closing* his masterly address, Pro
fessor Jordan explained the workings in
the German universities of "lehrfrelheit"
and 'iernfreiheit"; the freedom of the stu
dent to select any class of study., he de
sired and the equal liberty of the profes
sor to teach without being bound down
by any set of rules or authorities. ; o
"This," said Professor Jordan, 'is true
of every American college to-day."
At the close of the regular service, con
ducted by the Rev. Bradford Leavitt, the
speaker of the evening was introduced by
the pastor.
The vast edifice was crowded to the
doors and the representative congrega
tion listened to the words of the academic
teacher with profound interest.
An address on "Education" ¦was deliv
ered, last -evening: at the First Unitarian
Church, Geary and Franklin streets, by-
Professor . David Starr Jordan of ' Stan
ford University, the address being one of
the series to be delivered on the subject
of "The Future of Our City and State."
of I/earning'.
American Colleges Produce Class of
Men Far Superior to Those
From European Seats ¦>
Stanford's President Speaks
From th« Pulpit to
Vast Audience.
JORDAN EXPLAINS
REAL EDUCATION
¦ . . . . ¦ .. ' ¦-.•...¦.¦..•..¦.....¦¦•... : ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ..-.¦ ¦ ¦¦
THE SAN v FRANCISCO CALL/ MONDAY,,; JANUARY 14, 1901.
• *
• . «
10
BLANKETS,
RflMFdRTFRS
GOLDBEKO, BOWEK * CO' 3 SPECIAL SAVINS SALE
Catalogue
free for the asking
432 Pine 132 Sutter sSo© California San Franclsc*
1075 CIjj betwean Eleventh ani Twelfth Oaktanj
RENOWNED IRAN COLLECTION
Of New York Consolidated
Company's
ORIENTAL -RUGS
AT PEREMPTORY
AUCTION
MONDAY, JANUARY 14,
AND DAILY AT 11 A. 21. AND 2 P. M.
308 SUTTER ST., N *«- Grant *re
Most beautiful Rujs Ever Seen
WILL BE SOLD OUT "WITHOUT RESERVE.
By Order of B. H. FATTL, Manager.
FRANK W. BtTTTERFIELD. Auctioneer.
Broken
Eyeglass
Lenses replace* tor 5O cent*.
£31? AJtlsmatle lenses duplicated for 91.OO
and 91JS0.
Guaranteed correct and best qualltr.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main IX
..... /HOTOO SfjENTtfK
64Z Market 5t. immrumcnts
- under CHRONicit BuastMO. CATALOGUE Trjj.
:kh3ne?< s liver^ I
BITTERS
I ;A PLEASANT: tAXATfVEvI
1 1- N p T .¦; *: I N TOy^C AT* I N C I
DR.MQNULTY.
ri-'HIS WELL-KJJOWN AND RF.LrABLE OLD
.1 Sp««clall3tetwe* Blood Poison.CJonorrb(Ba,Gle*:,
Btnctnrc, s?nilual Weakness. Impotence and tbelr
allied tMaorders. Bootc on Diseases of Men. free.
OverSOyears'ezper^ence.Tertni reasonable. Hour*.
9to3dall7;e:30to8.30eT'Rs.Sandar»,10t'> 12. O>n.-ail«
tationfreeandsacrpfjly con fldeutlal. Call or address
P. ROSCOB McXULTT. M.D. .
S6K Kearny St., Man Francisco. Csi.
ajT FAVORITE
pESCilPTION
\ SL FOR WEAK WOMEN,
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEET3,
STRICTURES and anal >eoua complaints of tha
Orpins of Generation.
1'rlce (1 a bottle. For sola by druggUti.
TrtLpprr'u <MI cures rtifumrtlsm and neuralgrla.
Tnure'.t t*. &0c Cask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay. *
Sublime Lucca— '_.._ - r rtn
reg'ly 55c quart 3^^"
O y sit e rs
Our Choice^ — extra selected — o _ -,
reg'ly 30c large can— j
Asparagus
Our Choice «
Bouldin Island— reg'ly 25c can oc
Cj o c o a
Van Houten— }s js is Q _ _
reg'ly 95c lb °°C
W h i s k y
Wm Penn— Duffy— .1 .
reg'ly $1 and 85c 75 C
Rock^and rye
Pure— for colds— <* _
reg'ly $1 25 bottle / P 1
Pi.m -olas •
Olives with peppers— mr-
reg'ly 20c bottle— baby 3 for 5 OC
G i n g e r a J l e
Belfast— Cochrane & Co c* T „ -
reg'ly $1 50 doz P\ 35
T o 11 et paper
' Belvedere— c£ T ,
reg'ly $1 50 doz P 1 IO
B u r g u n dy
Very rich flavor— £ --^
dilute one-third— reg'ly $1 gal u 5*"
C p 1 o g n e
Johann Maria— ._„
reg'ly 55c bottle • 5 OC
-Raisin
Imported Malaga , , 4 Cr rtf^f.
• Clusters— small carton— 3 OC
On Saturday evenings
the Pine street store closes
at 6:30 — our Sutter sireet
store remains open as usual
until 9 p m t*
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter
Fresh creamery — a r\r
reg'ly 50c squj;e 4.UC
Eggs
Guaranteed— nnr
reg'ly 35c dozen 3 Ul ~
Macaroni
Imported— La Favorita— T o i-,
reg'ly 15c lb I 2 2 C
Castile soap
Fmich— Eydoux— « rc .
reg'ly 30c
Ql i v e b \\i
0 OLD BERK
BaWEN
G0LDBER3. BOWER * C0'8 BPEC1AL BAVINS SALE
HI. 113. 115, l!7, 119. 121 POST STREET,
FIVE SPECIMEN VALUES.
7 Cases FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, full
size and extra weight,
Reducedto $4.00 Pair.
0
9 Cases PRINTED SNOWFLAKE COMFORTERS, extra
size and. very handsome designs.
Reduced to $!.25 Each.
225 Pairs NEW TAPESTRY PORTIERES, with heavu
fringes, full length and width.
Reduced to $2.75 Pair.
300 Pairs WHITE AND ECRU LACE CURTAINS, In Fish-
net, Saxony and Madras Net.
Reduced to $2.00 Pair.
45 EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS, full sizes, with hand-
some French Printed Sateen Covering.
Reduced to $4.50 Each.
HOUSEKEEPERS SHOULD SEE THESE GOODS
WITHOUT DELAY.
A,s we find we are laroelu overstocked In the
afee Four Departments, we will, commencing
MONDAY, Januarg 14th,- and continuing for
two weeks, offer large auantities of above goods
at SPECIAL LOW PRICES.
APVEBTISEMENTS.