VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 47.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PROFESSOR WILLIAM HENRY HUDSON.
GOVERNOR STANLEY OF KANSAS STATE.
Continued on Page Four.
administered to me which would pro
hibit me from resenting an Insult, I would
"Yes, sir, I presume It would, as I
don't believe any man would break his
oath. But as for myself, I will say that
If I had to go back to the time of my ap
pointment and an oath was about to be
Wagner asked: "Suppose that an oath
were administered to a cadet when he re
ceives his appointment as a cadet to this
academy, the provisions of which pro
hibited fighting, do you think It would
stop th« practice?"
"Young man, this dishonorable practice
you have described would not be tolerated
in any athletic club in the world. The
upper class man who is a party to the
calling out of a fourth class man for the
purpose of having him thrashed is a
coward, and the fourth class man who is
beaten Is nothing else but a hero. This
morning I received four letters from
Kansas. Massachusetts. New York and
Brooklyn, In all of which the mode of
fighting and hazing here Is called brutal
bullylsm. That Is too mild a description.
I call it brutal cowardice." ¦: .. -.*
"Oh. bo that's the. code," said Driggs as
he shook his finger at the witness, while
he arose from his seat beside the chair,
then, turning toward the witness,' he
Ebouted: ---r-.
"Yes, sir; it is understood when a fourth
class man Is called out he la to be
whipped.'
an upper class man Is selected especially
for the purpose of administering a sound
drubbing to the fourth class man who Is
called out?"
unhesitatingly refuse to take it and con
tent myself In some civil occupation."
"You expect to become an officer very
soon, do you not?" inquired Colonel Clay
ton.
"Yes, Bir."
"Then, after you have become an officer,
would you. In violation of your oath, ac
cept or send a challenge to a duel, fistic
or otherwise?"
"If the provocation occurred In well-de
fined lines I would- not violate my oath,
but would resign and send or accept a
challenge. In the event that I could not
meet and shoot my man on sight."
Speaking of hazing, Wagner, address-
Ing the witness, said:
"Do you know that one William Me-
Kinley, now President of the United
States, when a member of Congress, said
that he would favor the abolition of the
West Point Military Academy in case
hazing could not be stopped there?"
"Yes, sir."
"And the late James G. Blaine had the
same ideas," said Drigga.
"And so also did Zachariah Taylor,"
added Judge Smith.
The witness, at '¦ the request of Judge
Smith, stood up.
During the afternoon Cadet George Rus
sell of New Hampshire was asked by
Drlggs: "Do you think it Is fair play to
haze fourth class men for the purposeof
making them do things which are viola
tions of the academic rules and for which
they are liable to receive punishment by
the authorities of the Institution?".
"Well. I do not think it was unfair."
"You, who have been three years In the
academy, "say so?", said Driggs, angrily. •
"Yes, I think the ends Justify the
means," was the reply. •
"Were you ever at any soiree where a
cadet fainted?" ,- ' '
"No, slrj'but I saw Cadet Dean feigning
to faint, as he told us he .was going to fool
the upper class men. He was my class
mate, and I was rather amused at his
success." ;^Ci : '-r
"He was not 'cut' for doing this?"
"No, sir."
"Now, what Is the .difference between
a man feigning fainting to escape oxer
cU-inp and a man feigning being knocked
out in a fight?" Inquired General Dick.
The witness hesitated and then, said:
"There's a good deal of difference," but
he failed to explain It.
Cadet Edward L. Oldham of Tennessee
said Cadet Albert was called a Jew and
• a "sheeny." "He was not very popular,"
[said Oldham. "I .heard, he did not show
up very well in a fight."
\ Cadet Fred L.. Dean of Texas, who when
testifying before the military court said:
"I hazed Booz just to, make him feel
'good,", was then called and' sworn.
Judge Smith asked: "How much tobasco
sauce didyou prescribe for Mr. Booz?"
"I don't .remember; but when'I.sat at
his table -I probably did give him some." .
: "Were you not the'ehief exponent of the
efficacy of this eauce In making, the i 'gun
ner' 'attend to" his duty at the. table?"
• "I don't; think I was the '¦¦ only, one." .
, "Doryou ;use 'lt'Jnow?" asked 'Judge
Smith. . '¦;¦'_ :'-¦/. .': . , -.•
: '"No, sir. .. I, .stopped It. some months
'ago.", .•¦ ;; ."v. ". '¦-'- '¦• '¦¦: v- ¦ '.' •
"Now, don't you " know that \ you only
"Under your Infamous and unmanly
code of fighting. Is It not understood that
Driggs of Brooklyn took the witness In
band to-day and asked him minutely
about th© Keller-Booz fight. While lis
tening to Barnes' description of the affa'r
the Brooklyn Congressman Interrupted
the witness and asked him:
Cadet Joseph F. Barnes of the District
of Columbia, who was one of Cadet Kel
ler's seconds, and who eeems to have
more knowledge of the code of the corps
In regard to fljStie arguments than any
other cadet at the West Point Academy.
continued bis testimony before the com
nsittee when the hearing was resumed.
La5t night Barnes was sworn and ex
crrnned by Judge Smith, the Congressman
from Council Bluffs. la., and the young
nan had quite a trying time. Smith did
not mince his words when he endeavored
to shew the witness, who is practically on
the eve of graduation, that the first class
mrs wore arrogant. Ignorant and con
ceited in addition when they as a class
commended the TVcst Point system of
fijrhtlng against the better Judgment of
th«» military officers of the academy and
In violation of all rules and regulations
covcrnlnsr the Institution.
gating committee to
£ay by styling the methods of hazing at
the military academy .as an ¦ "Infamous
and unmanly code of fighting:."
WEST POINT, N. T..
Jan. 15. — Representa
tive Drlggs of Brook
lyn Btartled witnesses
and members of the
Congressional Investi-
HAZING OF CADETS BY UPPER CLASSMEN IS VIGOROUSLY DENOUNCED
BY INVESTIGATING CONGRESSMEN AS HOST "BRUTAL BULLYISM."
stopped when Booz died and his death
was practically laid at your door?"
The witness said that he had done £0
wooden "Willies himself In an hour and a
half, and Drfggs said: "You are the most
remarkable man I ever listened to.
He handed "a list of second and third
class men to Dean and asked him to name
all of those whom he had exercised.
Dean mentioned the name of Cadet Sher
idan as the only one he could remember.
"Why Is It you remember Sheridan and
don't remember about any one else?" ask
ed Drlggs.
"I don't know, sir; I just remember,
about Sheridan."
"Is it a case of convenient memory?"
"Mo, sir."
This answer was drowned In a storra of
hisses, which began In the northeast cor
rer of the room. It ran around the room,
which was filled with women and officers.
The hissing was particularly strong
from the seats behind the committee,
where a score of officers were sitting.
Drlggs, addressing General Dick, said:
"I ask that the courtroom be cleared."
The chairman did not entertain the mo
tion, and said: s 
"The committee will adjourn at 3
o'clock."
Judge Smith said so that every one
could heard him: "I think anybody who
hisses should be ejected from the room,
no matter who he ia."
At the night session Drlggs asked tho
question In a modified form, saying , he
did not mean to impugn the cadet's honor.
This created a divcr?Ion which attracted
the attention of every one. and in the ex
citement the r.ack in which Alexander
T.as concealed was frantically driven to
thf procession which followed the hack.
txvA it was an awful march indeed for
Fred Alexander. The trip to town was
made quickly rnd there was no attempt
to create a diFturbar.ee. When Fourth
and Olive streets was reached the police
who were In the ha^k following the one
in which Alexander was concealed jumped
out and chased several ntgroes.
The r.rgro was taken from his cell at the
6tat«= r^nitentiary at 3 o'clock this after
noon and loaded into a hack and brought
to i<nv::. Fifty deputy marshals sur
roundr-.I him. ;ir>d Deputy Sheriffs Stance
IXyers XOA Tom Brown sat in the hack on
either eirte of him.
There were 3Ity l>ugjries and wagons in
"Barn him." "Hang him," "No, burn
him." re-echoed through the air, and each
iacr.er.t the jjncontrolled passions of the
mob became wilder.
rounded by a yelling mob, his
Ciothes tern, his face smeared with
his own blood, was dragged from his
cell in the courthouse, pleading for his
lif>, and a.fter fceinpr dragged around the
rmir.hnuse yard for fifteen minutes was
leaded Into a wagon with his captors and
taken to the place where Miss Forbes'
body was found and burned to death.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Jan.
15.— Fred Alexander, the mur
derer of Pearl Forbes and the
flend who attempted to
assault Miss Eva Roth
last Saturday night, sur-
Found by the Mob.
Then the cry went up: "He Is not here!
he has escaped.- Search the courthouse.
There Is a tunnel between and he has been
me county Jail, and Just as the mob
reached the doors he was locked In the
first cell on the east Bide of the court
house.
.C?ll Door Battered Down.
All the doors of the Jail were locked,
ar.d the crowd first attempted to gain ad
mission by peaceful means. Sheriff Ever
hard refused to deliver the negro up.
Then the crowd pushed its way to the
side door, and using a battering ram the
door was forced from its hinges. Then
the crowd surged into the corridor by the
narrow doorway. A huge iron bar was
secured and the Iron door of the cell room
attacked.
This was finally bent so that It could
be forced far enough back for men to
climb over it. Several gained an entrance
in this manner. In the meantime the
crowd had pushed down the side gate of
the xtockade, and in a moment there was
a yelling pack in the jail yard.
The side door, which was made of heavy
sheet iron, was the next object of attack.
Several of the thoughtful ones of the mob
had provided tnemselves with sledge
liamniers and coldchisels, and it was the
work of only a few moments before the
hinges were cut from this and with the
help from inside it was off its hinges in
a moment.
More men pushed Inside and the Iron bar
was again called Into play and the doors
of the cellrcom broken down.
taken out that way." Then a man with
sharp eyes spied a shapeless, cringing
mass crouched down In the one corner of
the d; < cell.
An exultant cry went up: "He Is here;
we have got him. Get the keys."
Several keys were found lying around
•the corridors and these were passed in to
the crowd. They would not work. Then
again a sledce-hammer was called into
action and in five minutes the heavy lock
had been broken off. A fierce yell, the
yell of a beast brought to bay, issued from
the cell. Outside the tension was so t great
that big, strong men tilled the room with
hysterical laughter. Cutslde the crowd
was yelling In a manner that perhaps has
never before been heard In the city of
Leavenworth. Inside the cell rushed
those who were nearest the door.
Prisoner Dragged Forth.
The mob Issued in a moment, dragging
the fiend by the coat collar. He had been
struck on the head with a hammer, but
was still conscious. Men fought to get at
him. They struck savagely at him and
hit only his captors, who guarded him
well.
"Don't hurt him," they cried.
"We'll burn him." was the response.
Outside the stockade the crowd surged.
Alexander and his captors were surround
ed by a solid wall of human flesh. Across
Third street and up the hill into the court
house yard they dragged. him. Then they
stopped.
"Confess before we harm you," said
ther.
"I have nothing to confess," cried Alex
ander. "I am innocent. . I am dying for
Ing about and Into one . of these they
threw him. With the prisoner and a num
ber of captors the wagon started off for
the vicinity of Lawrence avenue and
Spruce street, followed on the run by tha
crowd.
At a quarter past 5 o'clock Alexander
was taken to the scene of the murder of
Pearl Forbes, at the corner of Lawrencj
avenue and Spruce street. The exact
spot where the murdered girl was foun'i
was located by the leaders of the crowd,
and thre a semicircle was formed.
Alexander was brought up in a wason
with a dozen men. The wacon was
stopped in front of the ravine and sur
rounded by the crowd, the leader who had
Alexander calling for silence.
The roar ceased, and Alexander was
shoved forward for the crowd to gaze at.
A howl went up, which was quickly
hushed as the prisoner raised his bound
hands and began to speak. Twice he
started and the crowd drowned his voice.
Knew He Would Be Killed.
"You're coins: to kill me whatever I
say." he said, "but you men are wrong.
I want to tell you right now you've got
the wronsr man. I did not do that, and
some day you men here will run up
against the man who did. I know it ain't
no use to Fay so, for you're going to kill
mo; but I did not do it."
The men standing beside him shoved
Alexander from the wagon and the roar
of the crowd drowned every other souni.
He was quickly dragged down the em
bankment to the pile of wood, with his
NEGRO ASSAILANT IS BURNED AT THE STAKE BY A MOB
OF INFURIATED CITIZENS OF LEAVEN WORTH, KANSAS
what another man did. I see lots of my
friends here. They know I did not do It.
If I. had been guilty I would have said so
a_t the penitentiary and wpuld have stayed
there for life.' The warden told me. Tha
policeman told me so. "Would not I have
told them if I was guilty?"
He did not know that' the town was
bent on lynching, that the minds were
made ur>. that he had committed a crima
that could only be avenged with his blood.
"You lie," they cried, and one huge fel
low, filled more with the lust for blood
than with the feeling of a human being,
struck him in the forehead with his Asz
three times. This seemed not to have the
slightest effect on the negro. "When he
talked his voice was steady. He spoke
with the resignation of a man who sees
only before him death, slow perhaps, but
certain, and was prepared to meet it in its
most awful form.
. Plsads That He Is Innocent.
When he had finished talking: a move
was made for a large cottonwood tree In
the northeast corner of the courthouse
yard. He was backed up against it and
a chain was hunted for. One could not be
found, and while they waited Alexander
was . given another chance to confess. !
"My God,.men," he cried In his agon;.',
"I have told you . that I'm Innocent. I
can't tell you any more. I didn't do it."
"He lies, burn him,'" cried the mob.
"Take him where he committed the mur
der," suggested one.
The suggestion met with instant ap
proval and the crowd, carrying- the negro,
and his captors, pushed op for Fourth
street. There were many wagons stand-
hereby accept your resignation, to take Im
mediate effect. Very truly yours,
J. C. BRANNER, Acting President.
William Henry Hudson, professor of
English literature at Stanford for nine
years, Is a man of rare culture and abil-
Office of the President.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 13. 1901.
Professor Little tendered his resignation
In the' following letter:
STANFORD IJNIVERSITY. Cal..
. January 15. 1901.
President Jordan — Dear Sir: Ever since the
dismissal of Dr. Ross, against your protest,
for expressing In the discussion of public ques
tions opinions displeasing to Mrs. Stanford, I
hax'e considered whether' I. who hold similar
opinions, could be willing to remain in the
faculty of Stanford University. Your recent
call for the resignation of a man whose ability
and independence of character I have ad
mired for twenty years, because he uttered, in
a form courteous to you and to Mrs. Stanford,
condemnation of a policy destructive of the
academic freedom 'in which you profess to be
lieve, put an instant end to my indecision.
I hereby; resign my chair as professor of
mathematics in Leland Stanford Jr. Univer
sity, to take effect at your convenience. Sin
cerely yours,. . C. N. LITTLE.
The following letter accepting his res
ignation immediately was received from
Vice President Branner by Professor
Little. It was short and to the point:
LBLAND STANFORD JUNIOR UNIVERSITY,
Little Defends Boss.
ity. As a lecturer he is most finished,
while his verses and sonnets have re
ceived favorable criticism. Formerly he
occupied the position of private secre
tary to Herbert Spencer, and for many
years was in close touch with that noted
philosopher. Professor Hudson Is an Eng
lishman by birth and education. Before
coming to. Stanford he occupied the po
sitions of assistant librarian of Zion Col
lege, London; librarian of the City Lib
eral Club, London; cataloguer in the
President White Library. Cornell Univer
sity, and later acted as assistant librarian
Oi the same institution. He was called to
a position on the Stanford faculty In the
fall of iJ92, which chair he has filled to
the present day. His place will be hard
to fill with a man of equal culture and
learning. - .
5 TANFORD UNIVERSITY.
Jan. 16.— The excitement
which surrounded Stanford
University when the dismis
sal of Professor George E.
Howard was announced was
augmented to-day by the vol
untary resignation of two more profes
sors. To-night every one Is aroused and
all are wondering who will be the next to
pn. Where the disastrous results of the
cr.forced resignation of Dr. Howard wil!
end Is hard to say, as the distinguished
historian was one of the most widely
known and most respected professors of
the faculty.
To-day Dr. Howard's callers were \eg-
Irn. Members of the faculty came to him
to assure him of their sympathy and sup
port. Two of them have followed him out
of the faculty fold, ar.d doubtless others
Ve contemplating like action. Throng?
cf students also sought him in his modest
little home, till the drawing-room pre
sented the lively appearance of an after
noon reception such as professors often
p:ve. If Er. IIosp' frie:i<is could be num
bered as lesion. r>r. Howard's must be
enumerated a? a multitude. He hay never
been known to have an enemy, as he an
tagonizes no one. On the other hand, he
5s closer to his students than any other
man of the faculty. Every man or wo
man who has taken work under him has
measured somewhat of the depths of his
sincerity and has been drawn uncon
sciously to the man. It is little wonder,
t* .en. that the members of the faculty are
following him. whither none of them
know.
During these stirring times President
Jordan Is away. Just where he !s no one
here who knows will tell. It is reported
that he is suffering from nervous pros
tration. Anyway, It Is evident that he
Goes not care to be seen or interviewed.
Hudson's Resignation.
Professors Hudson and Little to-day
tendered their resignations. Professor
Hudson"s letter is as follows:
The loss of the two men who tendered
their resignations to-day will bo keenly
felt throughout the university, for Profes
sors Hudson and Little have long 1 been
with the university and have served it
faithfully. Their work probably will bo
discontinued for the present semester, and
the students who have registered in their
classes will be forced to seek other
courses. *
To-day Registrar Elliott posted a notice
that the time within which study cards
might be filed would be extended three
days on account of the confusion resultant
from the vacancies in- the faculty. There
are numerous rumors about the campus
that other professors are to tender their
resignations, but none of them have been
substantiated by the professors them*
selves to-nleht.
There are none who do not have un
bounded faith that President Jordan can
tide the university over the present di fa
culties and preserve its integrity. The
only action which Is possible for him is
to execute Mrs. Stanford's will and re
main steadfast to the trust which Senator
Stanford reposed in him. Should he de
sert his post at this critical hour the most
enduring calamities might befall the
young institution whose destinies his
hands were chosen to shape. The dell
cateness of his position is realized by no
one more than by Dr. Howard himself,
who expresses regret that President Jor
dan is so embarrassed.
terms with Dr. Howard and considered
him the best man that was to bo had for
the place. Putting these facts together,
the only solution consonant with Presi
dent Jordan's well known record for fair
ness and breadth of view Is that he has
heroically shouldered the whole responsi
bility himself in order to shield the bene
factress of the college. That he should
magnanimously do this Is to be expected
of the man. Anticipating the storm
which would follow, he has secluded him
self that he might bear the brunt of the
criticism in silence and solitude.
The fact that President Joidan has ab
sented himself from the university has
caused the feeling here that he person
ally is not the real cause of Dr. Howard's
dismissal. It is thought Improbable that
he would insist upon the distinguished
professor's resignation unless compelled
to do so by Mrs. Stanford. The fact that
he told Dr. Howard in conversation with
him on November 20 that he would not
Insist upon his leaving the university un
less Mrs. Stanford should demand It fa
vors this belief. Furthermore, the presi
dent was always on the most friendly
Professor Little took his A. B. from the
University of Nebraska in 1S79 and his
Ph. D. at Yale in 1SS5. He was an in
structor In mathematics and civil engin
eering in his alma mater from 1SS0 to 1SS4;
was associate professor of civil engineer
ing for the next five years, and head of
the department from 1890-y3. He resigned
his position In Nebraska to accept, a pro
fessorship in Stanford in the fall of 1393.
Professor Little was stirred to indigna
tion when Ross was dismissed: but to
day when he learned that Dr. Howard
also had gone for similar reasons, he at
once tendered his resignation.
Charles Newton Little, professor of
mathematics Is a Nebraska man, and a
lifelong friend of Professor Howard. He
has been at Stanford for the past nine
years, and has occupied the modest little
cottage adjoining Dr. Howard's. Their
long friendship was strengthened during
the "dark days'* at Stanford, when all
salaries were cut in half and paydays
were irregular at that.
Aroused to Indignation.
Waiving the question of the validity of the
reasons you put forward for your action. I
hereby accept your resignation, to take imme
diate effect. Very truly yours,
, J. C. BRANNER. Acting President.
Profe«sor Charles N. Little. Stanford Uni
versity—Dear Sir: Tour resignation as profes
sor of mathematics in the Leland Stanford Jr.
University, addressed to President Jordan, has
been handed to me as acting president.
As you are well aware I was from the first
In strongest opposition to the new policy of
the university inaugurated In the dismissal of
Dr. Ross— a policy destructive of those first
principles of academic freedom upon which, as
you have repeatedly said, the university was
originally founded. Ever since the occurrence
of that Incident I have seriously doubted
whether it would be possible for me, con
sistently with my opinions, to retain my posi
tion in this faculty. But now that. In further
pursuance cf fuch policy, you have Been fit to
demand the resignation of a man whom you
yourself, in common with all who have known
him. have long regarled an one of our ablest
scholars and noblest teachers, for no other rea
pon than that furnished by his just condemna
tion of the action of the university authorities
row that. In this way, you have clearly shown
that It Is the intention of the university to
inhibit fair criticism of Its methods no less
than frank discussion of public affairs, no
doubt 1b left in my mind as to my course.
Whatever plans I might otherwise have made
I cannot under existing circumstances continue
to hold my chair. I therefore tender you my
resignation, to take effect at your pleasure.
Faithfully yours,
WILLIAM HENRY HUDSON
Branner's Prompt Acceptance.
On the receipt of Professor Hudson's
letter. Acting- President Branner accept
ed his resignation in the following lan
guage:
LELAND STANFORD JUNIOR UNIVERSITY.
Office of the President.
STANFORD UNIVERSITr. Jan. 15, 1901.
Professor William H. Hudson. Stanford Uni
versity — Dear sir: Your resignation as pro
fesscr of English literature in the Iceland
Stanford Junior University, addressed to Pres
ident Jordan, has been handed to me as acting
president.
Waiving the question of the validity of the
reason* you put forward for your action, I
President Jordan— Dear eir: For more than
a year I have for personal reasons contem
plated presently severing my connection with
Stanford University. Recent events now pre
cipitate my decision to do bo.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. IS. 1901.
Base Their Action Upon the Forcing Out of Ross and Howard, and
the Acting President Promptly Accepts Their Resignations.
PROFESSORS HUDSON AND LITTLE RETIRE
FROM THE STANFORD UNIVERSITY FACULTY
Continued on Paga Four,
CONGRESSMAN DRIGGS, THE FOE OF HAZERS.
The San Francisco CallPart of Gage's Message
Goes to Reformatories
Committee.
GRIM HUMOR
IN THE SENATE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 15.— Radcliff of Santa Cruz
introduced in the Assembly to-day, a bill
assigning, after July/ 1. 1901, ' the blocks
and portions i - of -. r blocks ( bounded by Pa-,
ciflc, Davis and East streets,' In San Fran
cisco, to the uses, of the, free public mar
ket established by the act of, 1897.
This, measure is the same as that intro
duced "' at; the •"•last's regular-- session: - The
country.' members urged its but
the San Francisco delegation offered, such
strong opposition: that they. succeeded in
blocking it.. . \ '¦:¦..'
Radcliff Revives an Old
Project in the
. Assembly.
FREE PUBLIC
MARKET BILL
Roosevelt, the Cabinet and the Governor,
State officers and the Congressional dele
gation from Ohio to visit the State, the
new resolution, submitted to-day, pro
vides for a reception committee, composed
of Lieutenant Governor ¦ Neff , Senator
Flint. President pro tern, of the Senate;
C. W. Pendleton, Speaker, and W. C.
Ralston. Speaker pro tern, of the Assem
bly: Frank J. Brandon, secretary, . ami
J. Louis Martin, sergeant at arms of the
Senate, and Clio Llovd, chief clerk. an:l
.W. A. Banks, sergeant at arms of ..he As
sembly, with five Senators appointed by
the Lieutenant Governor and nine Assem
blymen appointed by the Speaker. They
will meet the visitors on their arrival in
Sacramento. ¦ •
.The resolution nrovides. for an appro
priation of $1000 for the expenses of the
committee. ; t
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 15.— Senator Selvage's reso
lution inviting the President and other a
to visit California at the launching of tho
Ohio next | May has been supplanted l»y
one more comprehensive. Besides Inviting
President McKinley. Vice President
Substitute Resolution In
viting McKLinley to
California.
APPROPRIATION
IS THROWN IN
attack of the grip compelled him -to re
main in his rooms at the Western Hotel,
and yesterday morning pneumonia devel
oped. '
The deceased Assemblyman was 65 years
old. He formerly lived at Greenville.
Ohio, and was widely known In Ohio as
a criminal lawyer. He was a political as
sociate of Senator Sherman and a warm
friend of General Sherman, and on differ
ent occasions stumped Ohio with Senator
Sherman and President McKInley.
Twenty years -ago Mr. Collins came to
California on account of his failing health
and settled at Chlco. Later, he removed
to Forest Ranch. He lived in retirement
there, devoting much of his time to liter
ary pursuits. . .
Deceased leaves a, wife, who was with
him when he passed away, and two sons—
W.'C. Collins of the editorial staff of the
Sacramento Bee and Ulric Collins, lead
ing man of a "Way Down East", com
pany, now playing. in Boston..
The Assembly and ; the, Senate will ; both
adjourn to-morrow out of respect to the
deceased. Speaker Pendleton will appoint
a committee on ¦ arrangements connected
with the funeral and a committee on res
olutions. The' interment .will be In Chico
and the funeral services probably. will be
held here. , ?
The Governor, when '. officially, notified
that there is- a vacancy in the Assembly;
must order a special eloction to flint. Ha
has no discretion 'in J the- matter.? ¦ Section
12, article , 4 \ of i the constitution; reads:
"When vacancies occur in I either "House,
the Governor, or the person exercising the
functions of the Governor, ; shall '¦' Issue
writs of election to. fill' such. vacancies."
During the regular session of the;Legis
lature of 18P9. Senator John x Boggs diel.*
The Governor ordered an election in! th3
.Eighth Senatorial District 4 arid - J/^,W.
Goad was elected " to .^succeed ' Senator
BoggP.'. He took his seat in the Senate a
few days prior to adjournment sine die.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 15.— Bernard Collins, As
semblyman from tho Seventh Assembly
District, comprising Butte County^ 'died
this afternoon of pneumonia after a very
brief illness. His death was not, expected
and the announcement of it has cast a
gloom over his associates in the" Assem
bly.
Mr. Collins was at his place In the As
sembly chamber until a few days ago. An
Death's Hand. Laid Upon
Bernard Collins of
¦ Yuba? ."¦•'--
ONE ASSEMBLY
SEAT VACANT
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 15.-The two days*
session of the joint convention of the Sac
ramento and San Joaquin Valley Associa
tions closed this afternoon after much Im
portant business had been transacted.
The convention Indorsed the reqjjesf of
the State Agricultural Society for an ap
propriation of 1100.000 at the hands of the
Legislature for the completion of Its plans
toward the improvement of Agricultural
Park and the furtherance of other Inter
ests of the society, the association recojr
n'zins the sreat value of the society in
developing the State's resources in va
rious avenues." *•-'¦•
The bill 'of 'Senator Smith for a school
of technology was indorsed. It wa.* re
solved that both the San Joaquin Valley
and Sacramento Valley should be repre
sented by suitable exhibits at the Buffalo
exposition this year, and that thpse ex
hibits should be In charge of agents spe
cially appointed by the associations of tha
two valleys.
The convention recomnlended to the
Legislature that a board of water an-1
f crest commissioners be created to con
duct an Investigation in behalf of the
State, jointly with the Federal Govern
ment, with reference to the Storage of the
flood waters of the State and the preser
vation of the forests as a means of con
serving the rainfall.
The Senators and Representatives in
Congress were memorialized to aid In the
national appropriation of tt.0.000 to be ex
pended under the direction of the Secre
tary of Agriculture for the benefit of the
horticulturs and agriculture of the Pa
dfia Coast. t .*»'"'¦.
Charles M. Hays, the new president of
the Southern Pacific Company, was elect
ed to honorary membership In both asso
ciation'*. — W. H. Mills of San Francisco,
who has taken an active part in the de
liberations of the convention, said this
afternoon that the Southern Pacific would
make an exhibit at the Buffalo exposi
tion regardless of the action by the vaJ
leys.
A resolution was passed protesting
against a grant of renewal of the expir
ing patents on mechanical fllteration
plants for cities.
Special IMspctch to The Call
WILL EXHIBIT
AT BUFFALO
Sacramento and San Joaquin
Valley Associations So
Decide.
MENTO, 4 Jan. 15.— Brady of San Francisco
introduced in the Assembly thla mornin*?
a bill providing for the regulation an-1
limitation of telephone rates by Statj,
county and municipal legislative bodies in
the manner by which gas and water rates
are controlled. The measure declares the
right to furnish telephone servlc| a pub
lic franchise, which may be obtained oriiy
In the manner prescribed 'by law anil
which- Is forfeited by disregard of th*
rates fixed in accordance with the provi
sions of the amendment.
Brady says that the measure la not in
troduced on the suggestion of any Individ
ual or body Interested in municipal prob
lems, but that he offers It of his own
motion in response to the general demand
for such regulation of telephone rates-
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-
Brady of San Francisco
Goes After "Hello"
Companies,
TO REGULATE
PHONE RATES
Captain .Mas=on of -the steamer Jennie,
which arrived to-n.iy from San Francisco,
reports the Flottbek in a p?rilot;a position,
with the steamers Mattewan and Bristol
trying their best to extricate her. The
Flottbek. while not actually on the rocks,
lay at anchor among' dangerous reefs,
with no possible chance of escape In tho
event of a blow, coming on. Two of the
Puget Sound Tugboat Company's tugs
were dispatched Monday night to the res
cue of the Flottbek, but with what suc
cess has not been learned, the Neah Bay
wires being down.
•The Flottbek is an Al steel, full-rigged
ship of 1161 tons, and was bound to ths
Sound to load a cargo of wheat at Tacoma
for the United Kingdom..
The Flottbek was first spoken by the
Tacoma collier Mattewan. which went to
her assistance and succeeded In getting a
line aboard. It parted, however, at the
first pull, and having no available cable
aboard the Mnttenan started oft for as
sistance. She fpoke the tug Magic In the
straits and that steamer hurried back
here. At 3 o'clock this morning the. pow
erfuL tug Wanderer, Captain Gove. wa?
dispatched to the scene. No news has
been obtainable to-day from the cape, the
wires being Inoperative.
PORT TOWNSENT). Jan. 15.— The Ger
man ship Flotthek, Captain Shoemaker,
thirty-four, day from Yokohama, bouni
for Port 'Townsend. is ashore among the
breakers two miles south of-Ozette Island,
off the coast near Flattery rocks. The
vessel is in a most dangerous position,
and -while she was riding well when
spoken stands every chance of becoming
a total wreck. * •
Flottbek in Perilous Position
Off the Coast Near Cape
Flattery.
GERMAN SHIP
GOES ASHORE
MENTO. Jan. 15.— Senator Laird has In
troduced a bill which. If. passed, will ef
fectually prevent the sale of game birds
or venison at restaurants, hotels, tn mar
kets or on the streets, and if the epicure
wishes a taste of game he must go out
and kill it for himself. The bill also reg
uiates thft closed season for the different
animals and birds, limits a season's deer
shooting to three deer per man. limits a
dav'n bas? of quail to 25. of doves to 50. of
duck to BO and of brant to 8. and makes It
a misdemeanor to have in possession the
nest or eggs of a game bird. It also pro
hibits at any time the shooting of elk.
antelope, mountain goats, female deer or
spotted fawn and imported game birds.
The bill imposes fines from $50 to 1300
and imprisonments of from fifty to 150
days for violation of its provisions.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-
Rigid Regulations in a
Bill Presented by
PREVENTS SALE v
OF GAME BIRDS
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 15.— The finding of the
"bug" in the bills based on the Code Com
mission report has had the effect of bring
ing the three Code Commissioners prompt
ly to Sacramento and of settling the dif
ficulty. The settlement will be made by
•withdrawing the obnoxious provision al
lowing appeals from judgments .in con
tempt or by amending It out of the bill.
The presence of that provision has pro
voked much feeling, for It was In viola
tion of a written agreement at the last
i-es-sion between the mining men and the
dcbrla men that no such provision should
be countenanced. It was not presented
last wss=icn, but In the absence of any
Fimllar agreement this time it . bobs up
serenely. It met the same opposition that
brought about the agreement last session.
however, end the probabilities are ttiafir
ure Loses a Disputed
Feature.
Code Commission Meas-
SACRAMENTO. J*n. 13.— In the Senate
to-<1ay the following bills were introduced:
6 R 1?». Fraith nf Krrn— Am«=n«ifng F<?<;tj'>n
fifl of th<» Political Code, to permit the invest*
rrent of money received from thcsale of school
lKtl<S5. . . 1. -C-- .
5. B. 200, Emith of Kern — Amending the col
lateral Inheritance tax art tt 1S8*.
6. B. 201, Davis— Defining and egtablishiiu? a
portion cf tbe eastern boundary- ef«-the State.
S. B. ;<"2. Lardner— Amending paragraph 16.
p»ct1on 17fc of the County Government Act of
F. P. 2-3 Eelva**— Appropriating j;c«5 for tbe
) rrrajratlrn cf etcelhead trout in Humboldt
CftcBtr.
p. B. 2"4, Tvuchcimr'-r— Appropriating money
to pay the salary and rxpenups r>f employes
if thf> f^mmiSBinnT of Public Works.'
P. B. SOI. LuchfiRSer— Appropriating $1000 to
fcsy the flaim of E. E. Leake.
R B. 206. Xutt— Appropriating: $300 to pay the
claim of A. L. Wood.
F. B. 207, Laird — rtegulatlns the sale of
(r litre.
F. B. V», Smith ef Ix>« Ang-cles— Amending
tecttcn 4S? of the Penal Code, defining grand
larceny.
F. H. SOS. CuttT— Amenjlnr the law of 1ST*.
r*'.atinir to leveo <JiFtrl<-t .'.o. 1, Putter County.
P. B. 210. Hlrarfin- RopfsHrK the act of 1SS7,
» realir.c a commission .for the jn-omotion of
T:rtfrrmiry of l^piFiattnn in thf. United States.
S-\ B. ZtL Taylor— AmtvilTur »u»etion 56 of the
County 'Jovrrnient Aft of 1S37.
f . B. 02, Taylor-Amending section 764 of the
Municipal Corporation Act of 1&R3, relating to
the powrrs of boards of trustees In cities of
the flfth cls«.«.
fi. B. na. Oneal— Appropriating *3000 for the
repair* cm tfce Woman's Relief Corps home at
Everrrern.
JOKER DROPPED
FROM THE BILL
Fifteen the Day's Total of
Proposed New'
Laws.
BILLS PRESENTED
IN THE SENATE
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 15.— The Committees on'
Rules from both houses -met this after
noon and formulated joint rules for the
srovernm^r.t of W.c two houses in their
relation to one another. The most im
portant rule adopted was that which
makes a difagrwmrnt in a free confer
ence committpp final.
The rul<>5 outlined by Dibble at the last
Fes?icn provided that when one house
f.men<1e<1 th<* bill of another, a committee
<>n confTTire tnok up the problem, an)
failing to solve it. a committee of free con
ference, with larger powers., took hoM:
whrn this failed another committee of
fi-(D P oonfer<Mire. and th^n another and so
on to the end of the It was a
great graft for a cinch bill, for it mad"
i hem immortal, fo far as the session was
concerned, and whenever the coin was
r.eeded another committee on free confer
ence was called for. Senator Flint pro
posed to-day that when the Committee
f-n Free Conference failed to agree, its
failure ehould decide the fate of the bill,
i.nd his rule was adopted. Grove John
pon. Dibble's old friend and co-worker.
t &!d a Tvoi-d for the Dibble plan, but only
B word. He yiHdpd to the inevitable'.
The SenateCommittee on Rules report
ed to-day in favor of several increases Sn
ihe committees ?.nd the recommendations
¦w-ere adopted. Under them. "Wolfe and
3foev were added to the Finance Commit-
The bill allows bidding against the high
est bid after all have been opened by any
one who pleases and has the money," giv
ing large corporations the power to freeze
out smaller ones and obtain monopolies erf
franchises.'' ' ' "• ¦ ¦ ' .' ."
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. ID.— The Assembly Commit
tee on Municipal Corporations decided to
report favorably Assembly bill No. 15, the
measure introduced by .Broughton of Los
Angeles, providing for the sale' of street
railway and other,'. franchisee In!munici
palities. The Mil will . meet - strong oppo
sition from antj-railroad sources, and: a
lively fight Is assured when it comes up
for final passsage. The bill is simlar.to
the one introduced in the Senate by Simp
son. ;.•'.• v
Favorable Report on the
Franchise Bill of
Broughton.
Edward A. Benjamin, secretary of the
Miners' Association, is here looking after
the mining bills and the miners' petition.
M. Theo Kearney of Fresno, a member
of the California Raisin Association: F.
ML Norega and Ivouis Olcese of Kern.
ex-State Senator B. F. Langford of San
Joaquin, F. A. Chadburn of Suisun, W. B
Gester of Newcastle and H. B. Stabler
of Yuba are in town to attend the Fruit
Growers' Convention, which opened to
day. : ¦
LIVELY FIGHT
IS PROMISED
Andrew P. Hill of San Jose arrived here
to-day to help look after the Interests of
the bill for the preservation of the red
woods of the Big Basin of Santa Cruz
County.
Kx -Assemblyman E. T. Cjosper is here
to help along Myers' measure for the
establishment of a dairy school in Kings
County.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MEXTO, Jan. 15. — James Boland of the
California Wine Association Is In Sacra
mento in the interests of a resolution ask
ing for the rejection by Congress of the
Lodge-Gallagher amendment to the army
bill," which prohibit* the importation of
wines or spirits into the Philippine!.
California is building up a wine trade with
the Philippines which amounts now to
J6.000.000 a year, and by the amendment to
the army bill this would be destroyed.
L. A. Devoto. ex- Assemblyman from the
Thirtieth District In San Francisco, Is
her© to look after the apportionment of
his neighborhood. He has plans*" which
make him interested in the boundaries of
his district.
James Boland Working in
the Interest of Wine
growers.
NEW ARRIVALS
AT THE CAPITAL
The Assembly Judiciary Committee met
this afternoon and organized. It waa de
cided to renort back Aspemblv bills Nos.
11. 83. M and S5. relating to public schools,
for reference to the Committee on Edu
cation, and Assembly bill Ho. 44, relating
to the Eureka harbor commerce, for ref
erence to the Committee on Commerce and
Xavieation.
The Ways and Means Committee effect
ed organization at 2 p. m. - ; -;-
The Assembly Committee on County
Government at a meeting this afternoon
decided not to report favorably any coun
ty government act. but to favor the plan
of amending the present act mainly in the
way of changes in salaries.
To the Corporations Committee, Simp
son chairman, was assigned the Work
pertaining to Public Morals. In past ses
sions this belonged to the Education Com
mittee. - .- ¦ ., ¦
The Senate Committee on Municipal
Government met to-day and recommended
for passage the bills ratifying the char
ters of Pasadena and Fresno.
The Senate Committee on Klections will
take un "the "contest over I^ardner'B seat
in the Senate by Ben P. Tabor of Placer.
It was expected that the proceedings
would commence this evening, but the
txttornevs were not ready.
tee, Davis and Lardner to County Gov
ernment, Cutter and Bettman to Com
merce and Navigation. . Maggard and
I>aird to Hospitals and Cutter and 'Flint
to Elections. > .'
A. .B. 23S, Radcllff— Appropriating $3000 for
making repairs on the Women's Belief Corps" |
Home at Evergreen. |
• A. B..23?. Schlesinger— Amending section 376
of the Code of Civil Procedure, relating to
aotlon for damages.
A..B.24O. Schlesi'nger— Regulating the prac
tice of -barberlng. .
A. B. 241, McNeil— Amending section CS2 of
.the I'enal Codru relating to fish. . . j
A. B. 212. SchlHIg— Prescribing the manner in j
which new counties may be formed. - -
A. B. 2I3.- Macbeth— Approprlatinp $50,000 for .
the maintenance of the proposed San Francisco
Normal School. :
A. B. 2M. Macbeth— Appropriating $100,000 for >
the erection of a State Normal School building j
in San Francisco. ' *
A. B. ' 245. Henry — Regulating the sale of i
ci.lum. I
AJ b. 245, Brown of San Mateo— Amending i
section 246 or the Political Code, relating to j
Assembly officers. ¦' . .- ¦. ' v ' •->'"->(
A. B. 247.- P.rown of San Mateo^-flegulatlng
the letting , of contracts foe the. erection, im
provement . and repair ¦ of .public- school bulld
ingj". • . .. / ' ¦•-. ¦. .: • :',,¦¦ ¦ :. ¦¦¦ 1
A. B. 24$. Brown of San Mateo— Regarding :
claims', l>f the State ncainst bondsmen.. Bill ;
I n t rod uce«i In the Senate yesterday. ¦• i
; A. B. 249, Brown, of San Mateo — Approprtat- i
ins IS5.0CO fnr- the construction of a highway
from Santa Barbara to Kern County.
A. B. 250, James— Providing for the election
of Justices of Districts Courts of Appeal.
A. B, 2-M. Putro — Amending section 1233 of
the Code of Civil Procedure, relating to emi
nent domain.
A. B. 2*2, Sutrtv- Amending sections B28, 832
nnd 635 of the Penal Code, relating to game
lews,
A. B. 2S3. Putro— Appropriating $5612 27 for* j
deficiencies in the adult blind fund.
A. H. 254— Providing for the inspection of
apiaries.
A. B. 255— Amending section 255 of the Politi
cal Code relating to the duties of the minute
clerk.
A. B. 2o*>, John— Amending section 1776 of the
Cod» of Civil Procedure, relating to guardian
ships..
A. B. 157. W'rlsrhl — Appropriating $5000 for the
study of Insects' destruction to fruit.
A. B. 25S, Duryea— Appropriating $36,000 for
the construrt'.nn of a State highway from the
Lower Pan .loaquln Valley to the coast.
A. B. 25:'. Atherton — Providing for the malnte-
A. B. 260. S'rhlllig — Amending the law relative
to levee district No. 1. Sutter County.
A. B. 261. Johnson— Appropriating $3200 to pay*
salaries and expenses of the Commission on
Public Works.
A. B. 262. Johnson — Appropriating $1100 to pay
the clalm^f E. E. Leake.
The foHowing constitutional amend
ments were introduced:
A. C. A. 8, Brady — Amending article 10. sec
toin 23. relating to the charges of telephone
companies.
A. C. A. 9, James— Amending article 4, estab
lishing courts of appeal.
A. C. A. 10. Sutro — Amending article XI, rela
tive to county government acts.
A. C. A. 11; Sutro— Amending article XI, rela
tive to the amendment of city and county char
ters.
The committee went into executive ses
sion," but failed to reach a final agreement
as- to. Its preliminary report to th« Assem
bly/ A decision will be reached at the
meeting before the session of the Assem
bly to-morrow morning. .;.. .
NEW BILLS IN
THE ASSEMBLY
Gist of Measures for the
Lower House to
Consider.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 15.— In the Assem
bly to-day the following bills were Intro
duced: ,. '. - .
¦ A. B. 215, Ray— Creating an officer for the
Inspection of mines.
*A.— B.* 217, Kellpy— Amending section 73!> of
the Political Code, relating to the salaries of
.orflcers of the Supreme Court.
A. B. 218, Greer— Appropriating J30OO to pay
the claim of C. B. UgerttooU ...
¦ A. B. • 219, . Barnes— Regulating the divorce
law. This is a. companion bill to that intro
duced In the Senate yesterday. ¦ •
A. B. 220— .Providing for the management of
the California Redwood Tark.
A. B. 221, Fellz*-Amendlngr section 789 of the
Civil Code, relating to termination of estate*.
A. B. 222, Fells— Repealing the act regulat
ing flphlng. passed In 1587.
A. B. 223, Fellz-Regulating the catching of
aba lone?.
A. B. 224. Fellz— Regulating the catching of
squid.
A. B. 225. Fellz — Appropriating . $5CM> for a
trout hatchery in Cannel TtlVer, Monterey
County.
A. B. 226, Feliz-Prohlbltlng the use of drag
nets.
A. B. 227. Ktnoald — Amending section 1109 of
the Penal Code relating to the sale of lottery
tickets.
A. B. SIS. k Ktncaid— Relating to privileges of
witnesses In lottery cane*.
A. B. 229, Klncald — Providing for appoint
ment of a Supreme Court Commission.
A. B. 230. Kincaid— Regulating the practice
of osteopathy.
A. B. 231. Kincaid— Amending Fection 571 of
the Civil Code, relating to savings !ind loan
corporations.
A. B. 232. Klncald— Licensing bicycles.
A. B. 233. Klncald- Amending the act pro
viding for the relief of disabled and infirm
firemen. •
A. B. 234. Chandler — Amending section 3939
of the Political Code, relating to county
boundaries. ¦ : ¦-"•
. A. B. 233, Radcllff— Appropriating $1S2 50 to
pay the funeral expenses of Lieutenant H. R.
Hodgson. ¦
A. B.' 236. KadcIIff— Amending section 1119 of
the Code of Civil Procedure, relating to elec
tion contests.
A. B. * 237. Radcllff-Settlng aside land in
San Francisco for a public market.
The delegation is not satisfied with the
legislation proposed and they fear it will
not meet favor In the Legislature or with
the Governor. The members from Ala
meda express the belief that the Gover
nor's attitude is not one of opposition to
liberal support of the State University,
but Is antagonistic to a loose financial
management. In consequence they de
cided to-night to call upon Governor Gaga
to-morrow- to discuss the matter with him
and arrange some programme- that will be
acceptable. to all.
The uneasiness of. the friends of the
University ;> of California concerning
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 15.— The Alameda County
delegation caucused to-night and decided
not to be bound by the programme of bills
for the aid of the State University, as
presented by Senator Rowell. Knowland
and Bliss were not present at the meet-
Ing, but are said to be in accord with the
decision reached.
The belief Is general that the partisans
of Governor Gage wili make a strong: flgnt
against the University of California bills.
and the action of the university men this
afternoon Is significant as Indicating that
they do not propose to remain inactive in
the face of Gubernatorial opposition.
The meeting was to have been., held at
5:20 o'clock at the Golden Eagle Hotel.
Assemblymen Trea dwell. McWade and
Sutro and Senator Welch met in the lobby
at that hour and derided upon the post
ponement of the conference.
the prospects of the measures in
troduced for that institution and their
dissatisfaction with the special committee
appointed yesterday by the Speaker to
take up the part of the Governor's mes
sage relating to the universities led to a
movement for a conference to be held
late this afternoon. The death of Assem
blyman Collins of Butte, chairman of the
special committee, acted, however, to dis
courage any action until the Tacancy
should be filled.
RULES ARE ADOPTED
FOR THE TWO HOUSES
Senate Work Pertaining- to Public Morals Is
Assigned to the Corporations Committee.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAC
RAMENTO. Jan. I5.-The bill
which it Is hoped will allow the
division of Santa Clara County
was introduced In the Assembly
to-day, and it comes from the
north— from a point just as far
iron the county it will most vitally af
fect as the men behind the scheme could
reach and find an Assemblyman. Schilllg
of Yufta City was the one who finally
jiiaeod the measure before the Legisla
ture.
The bill is entitled "An act to provide
for th» formation of new counties and
"he appointment and election of officers.
ihe location of county seats thereof and
the adjustment and fulfillment of certain
rights and obligations arising between
f'Jch rjpw formed counties and the county
or counties from which they are formed."
It was introduced by Assemblyman Bur
rm of Paso P*oblos at the last regular
>-ession of the I>«»jrislature. and was known
lu Assembly bill No. 557. It was known as
f> pernicious measure as well, and it was
sidetracked before it got as far as its
Jhird reailne. Ij is known this time as
Asj-embly bill Xo. 242. and. with the ex
ception of section 11, it is exactly the same
< Id measure.
Although SehilHg introduced the meas
ore. It is but fair to bolieve him when he
r'^c'ar** he knows nothing about the bill
tn what good or harm it may conceal.
As a matter of fact, the county division
i?tp sought first through the south to find
n rnan who would present the mcaaurf,
r.nd they finally deoidpd on Brougrhton. It
was knewn that Broughton was the run
ning mate of Penileton. and it was hoped
that in Inducing him to introduce the bill
!) would bring to Its support the same in
fluences that put Pendleton Into the
Speaker's chair. Broughton. though a
new legislator, is a wise man, and he
turned the uneasy measure over to Schil
ligr. also a new man, who said he would
introduce it.
Section 11 of the old bill had been
Tossed out. and as a copy of the old bill
v. as us«>d for the new one SehilHg asked
: he reason of the elimination. He was
¦snlci that the section might act against
ihe constitutionality of the bill, and so it
had been deemed advisable to strike It
out. The section deals with the assign
ment of the Assembly and Senatorial dis
tricts, and the real Teason for Its elimina
tion is to avoid mixing the county divi-
in the apportionment to be done this
"ffion.
The division of Santa Clara Is the last
of a series of old schemes to make new
counties out of the region including the
Sehillip'B bill was referred to the Com
mittee on Counties and County Bound
aries.
Work on the Santa Clara scheme has
already commenced in the Assembly, for
several of the members of the lower house
admit having been approached on the sub
ject. The plan has not the support of
phrewd politicians, however, for no one
knows just how the land lies and so far
there is no money in sight.
The idea Is that Henry Miller will put
up tho money, but no one knows whether
or not he will. No one has consulted the
Governor to find out whether he- favors
the measure, and no one lias interviewed
the powers— the Southern Pacific and the
bosses— to know if their Assembly will
pass the measure and if they 'will sup
port it in the Senate. The only feature
which evidences the advice of a politician
is the introduction of the bill. The divis
ionlsts were advised not to put in the
measure themselves and not to have any
one in the vicinity of Santa Clara do li
for them. They wore advised to go into
the country and find some man, thorough
ly honest, accommodating and new to the
business of legislation. They hunted and
finally found Schiliig.
The bill is one that allows sections of
counties to do just about as they please.
When they acquire population enough" to
fill a fair-sized city ward they may make
a county out of themselves under the pro
visions of the bill and go ahead with a
corporal's guard and a square mile of ter
ritory and be as big as the biggest and
quite as expensive.
southern end of the Santa Clara Valley
and the first of a new crop of county
division schemes that is coming up all
over the State. The original idea was to
take portions of Merced. San Benito and
Montorey counties, where they come to
gether, and make a county out of them,
making the division or Santa Clara a
scheme to, come in with them/ Then a
plan to link the upper ends of San Benito
and Monterey was taken up. but that was
dropped, leaving only the Santa Clara
fsfhrme. The motive in all of the cases
wps tho -Fame — to get pespopsion of the
new county offices and the contracts for
county buildings and to increase the land
values near the county scats, the land
being held by the schemers.
Of the new ideas one comes from the
southern part of Santa Cruz and the
northern part of Monterey, with Watson
ville decided upon as the county scat; an
other is to divide Sonoma from cast to
west with Petaluma as the new county
s<*at;' another is to divide Santa Barbara
from north to south, with Lompoc as the
new; county peat, and another is to di
vide Alemeda from north to south, with
Haywards or San I»andro as the new
county seat. All of these may come up in
a bunch.
Melick suggested that the committee
proceed to investigate the question of the
failure of the Commissioners to supply
vouchers and then report to the Assembly
for instructions.
"I believe that to be the wise course,"
said Chairman BH?s; "I am not in favor
of proceeding blindly to rii investigation
to satisfy th«t-whim ,o*j%n individual." .
Acting on ¦ Mellck's 'suggestion. Con
troller Colgan was asked to appear before
ihe committee. He complied and said that
the entire $130/WY> appropriated had"b"eeji"
drawn from tho treasury. He said the hill
making the appropriation and putting the
commission beyond the control of the
State Board of Examiners had been very
cleverly drawn, and that there had been
no parallel, to it in the legislation of this
State.
In answer to questions regarding his
reason for drawing warrants on the de
mands of the Commissioners without re
quiring vouchers, he made the same ex
planation that he gave to The Call last
night— that after the decision of the Su
preme Court that the act appropriating
money for an exhibit at the'Hamhurg Ex
position was constitutional, he had
drawn warrants against the treasury
without vouchers, as the commission was
in a foreign country and could not pre
sent vouchers until its return and the
closing of its accounts. He had followed
this precedent, which had the approval
of the Board of Examiners, in his deal
ings with the Paris Commissioners.
"Has there been a reasonable time .for
the Commissioners to file vouchers?"
asked Dr. Hasson.
"I do not know. I do not know when
these people got home," answered Con
troller Colgan., ... .
The Controller showed that the -Ham
burg Commission was eighteen months in
closing the accounts. .;
A deputy from Secretary of State
Curry's office was summoned and brought
documentary evidence of the I regularity
of the bonds given by the Commissioners.
"It looks to me," said Melick, "as if
they were quarreling among themselves
and want to use us as tools by forcing an
investigation before a final report is really
due. SUU, it Is just as well to go ahead
with this preliminary Investigation."
"It seems to me," Bliss said, "that an
investigation now would be premature." .
— .»«»» .»_»¦¦»¦ ¦?-T..»-t- .».-»--t..»--»-T-»-.«-t..»..» ¦¦»¦¦».
Dr. Hasson wanted to know what the
charges against the Commissioners were,
but no one took the trouble to enlighten
him.
At the morning session of the Assemblj,
¦Speaker Pendleton appointed Stewart of
Amador to the vacancy left by the resig
nation of Alden Anderson.' He also re;
quested the committee to ' meet at 2
o'clock in the afternoon to. take up the
Paris commission investigation in accord
ance with the suggestions /'contained -.in
the two messages of the Governor. , - . .
J. A. Bliss of Alameda was' made chair
man of the committee upon motion of Dr.
Hasson of Orange County. Speaker Pen
dleton came in soon after the meeting be
gan and Melick asked him why that par
ticular portion of the first mesmge had
been referred to this committee. Pendle
ton replied that he -did not know the rea
son for that action by the committee, that
had the Governor's message in charge,
but he believed the reference was 'proper
and that the committee had ' power. -to
make the Investigation. . • ¦
"The Impression has gone out," Melick
said, "that I am eager for this investiga
tion, but it Is a mistake. There is also a
misapprehension abroad that I- am anti
administration. 1 am not., against - our
State administration. "When I think it Is
right I am for It, and I am against it
when I believe it to be wrong. ,.. -<
"My interest in this matter arose first
from the letters from Major Ben C. Tru
man, published In the Graphic of Los An
geles. I may state also that the editor of
the Graphic wrote to me that he had
voluminous correspondence on the subject
from Major Truman- which he would be
glad to give us- If investigation should be
made."
Melick and _ Bliss... the . 'two members of
the committee who were supposed to bu
most eager for investigation, were flu;
men who molded the committee's opinion,
taking care, ; meanwhile," to. explain that
the idea that they wer 0 anti-administra
tion was a misapprehension. The out
and-out Gage mi>n on the, committee kept
very still. They probably will have' more
to say at"W»* next meeting, after the pow
ers that*be have had opportunity to coach
rtiem relative -to 'this unexpected turn of
affairs. - . •. .' •
Paris Commission to-day for the
first time. After a cursory' view of the
situation, the members ..who had opinions
of their own reached the conclusion that
an investigation at, the." present was of
doubtful expediency and' favored so re
porting to the "Assembly. Other, mem
bers, -anxious to have "outside- opinions on
the subject, prevailed upon the committee
to adjourn, until, 9 o'clock tto-morrow
morning, when its. report will, be drafted.
CALL IIEADQUARTERS, .SAC
RAMENTO. Jan. IS!;— The Com
mittee on Commlssions:.*and Ex
penditures sank its probe into
the affairs of • the California
Special Dispatch to The Call
Assembly Committee on Expenditures Elects, Bliss to Succeed
Alden Anderson as Chairman and Adjourns
INVESTIGATION OF PARIS
COMMISSION HANGS FIRE
Decide Not to Be Bound by the Programme of
Bills as Introduced by Rowell.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
ff MEXTO, Jan. 13 s -TVHh- caucusing
(L . and wrangling over Assembly and
Senatorial districts, and all- the
pulling and hauling over the ques
tion of apportionment, the various dele
gations have crystallized, and now the
last of them Is ripe for organization. It
was the apportionment that started the
crystallization, but It is not likely to end
there, and unless harmony and coalition
be restored it may lead to factional lines
and consequent bitterness.
The last of the outsiders met to-day.
The south had organized. San Francisco
had organized. Alameda had organized;
and this afternoon in response to a call
sent out quietly by Duryea twenty-five of
the Assemblymen from the other coun
ties of the State met and talked it over.
The call was not sent to the San Fran
cisco men. the Alameda men or the men
from the south.
Duryea of Placer presided, but there
was no formal organization. There was
consiilfrable talk, the burden of which
was that the "centers" were getting about
what they wanted, and it was time for the
outlying country to look out for and as
sert itself. It was decided to meet again
and invite the corresponding Senators
and tht Democratic minorities to join the
meeting.
There has been a great deal said about
the luck of the south so far. and its solid
front has been the cause of a. good deal of
envy. As for San Francisco, there has
always been the suggestion of boss influ
ence over its delegations, and Alameda's
case is almost purely one of apportion
ment.
Under the present scheme of apportion
ment Alameda is entitled to three and
a half Senators and seven Assembly-
ALAMEDANS CAUCUS ON
UNIVERSITY MEASURES
men. Not being concerned In anything*
beyond political surgery, the apportion
ment bill trades the half-Senator for a,
whole Assemblyman, making four Sen
ators and six Assemblymen.
But Alameda insists that she is entitled
to four Senators and eight Assemblymen—
!n- other words, to another full Assembly
district— and her delegation Is prepared to
fight on the subject. To secure these
they must be filched from the surrounding
country represented by members of the
conference to-day, and this explains why
Alameda was not bidden to the meeting.
The south in not altogether solid on the
subject of apportionment, but its differ
ence is strictly within itself. Carter of
I*™ Ansele*. chairman of the southern
delegation, has a scheme to ioln Ventura
to I^js Angeles to make the Seventh Con
presslonsl District, which will make a
district with more than th«» allotted popu
lation and overwhelmingly Republican.
But that would brine the Kichth District
en far below th* population r*»quire<1 that
Tulare would have to be included, and
then th« district would go Democratic.
In the country Senator Davis* of Ama
dor. Alpine. falaveras and Mono has a
flKht on his hanrl*. The hill would give
him El Dorado. Alpine, Amador, Caln
veras nnd Tuolumn*. taking away Mono.
but this would makp the district Demo
cratic, Davis declares, nnd he objects.
The Apportionment Committee' r>r th»
Senate will meet to-morrow morning Tt
will hardly do more than organize, but
from then the fight will be on.
In the meantime, with the apportion
ment as a starter, the counties nr» array
ing themselves. There is no bitternesWn
it so far— just an intention on the parnflf
what might be termed the country coun
ties to b> considered part of the State;
but it will lead to more than that b*»f«r">
the session ends, unle?s there be danger
of forcins the more powerful to come to
gether, or unless some one cries peace.
interior Legislators Will Organize to Get
Their Share in the New
Apportionment
FACTIONAL LINES
ARE BEING DRAWN
Yuba City Assemblyman Presents a Bill
Embodying the Water Monopoly
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLOTTERS MAKE
USE OF SCHILLIG
SANTA CLARA DIVISION SCHEME IS LAUNCHED
"^ THE SAN FRANCISCO <?ALL. WED^SDAY, JANUARY 16, 1901.
TACOMA. Jan. 15.— The foreign wheat ¦hiy
ments from Tacoma for th» first two w«»ki in
January aggr*r*te I.S3.848 bushels, valued at
K73.6M. This *x<me<\t th» shipment durtn* an*
one month of 1900.
BARSTOW. Jan. 15.— The Santa Fe
Overland No. 8, running between San
Francisco and Chicago, ran through a
burned bridge at Siberia, seventy miles
east of here about 4:30 this afternoon.
The train was wrecked, but so far as can
be ascertained, no one was even slightly
injured. -.'¦ m ' ' ~
Bill for Normal School.
SACRAMENTO, Jan, 15.— Important
among the 'Assembly bills introduced was
one appropriating $100,000 for the building
of a State Normal School In San Fran
cisco'. A further sum of ; $50,000 is appro^
priated for the use of the school.
SANTA FE TBAIN WRECKED.
Changes in; Clerkships.
SACRAMENTO/ Jan. 15.— In the Assem
bly to-day -, William Zambisky was re
moved from .the clerkship of the Commit
tee- on "Ways and Means, and H T
Bridges appointed to his place. Brown
of 'San'. Francisco' introducpa' a reno-t
from the' Committee on Attaches. . report
ing * favorably upon . several. t changes in
the placing- of" the employes. "Anderson
of Solano asked for an explanation,' which
was not , given. The : matter was then
dropped. ~ ' "". • ¦ •
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 15.— It is. reported here to
night that a well-known Democratic poli
tician who is' well supplied with money
and scantily gifted with brains is put
ting some of his money into Tabor's fight
to unseat Lardner. The opulent politician
aspires to a seat in the .United States
Senate' and hopes to capture a holdover
State Senator.
PUTTING UP THE
COIN FOR TABOR
San Francisco Democrat
Wants Lardner
- Unseated.
CALL 1 HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 15.— VJip Senate in a spirit
of grim humor to-day adopted the report
of the; committee on the reference of thr*
Governor's message to standing commit
tees, which referred that part of the mes
sage relating to the Paris Commission to
the Committee on Reformatories. It was
explained that the newspaper stories
seemed to indicate that the reference was
a proper one; pnd, besides, there was no
other more appropriate committee
A hill was introduced hy Smith of Kern
which requires the investment of school
funds derived from , inheritance taxes in
United- States. State, county, municipal or
(Ustrict bonds. , „
By a bill introduced by Smith of Los
Angelos it is made grand larceny to steal
a brcycle. By a bill of Devlin's a lien
upon the judgment in favor of his client
is given to the attorneyto secure his fee.
2
. -"Mlra. Valle," H. Klein. Sauterne type, claret.
Gra&4 Vin. Depot 612 Geary street.' •PRESIDENT C M..HAYS MEETS THE MEN
IN WHOSE HANDS LIES THIS CITY'S WELFARE
GENERAL ALBAN DRIVES
REBEL FORCES BACK
Federal Troops Defeat the Insur-
gents, Inflicting 1 Heavy
Losses.
COLON, Colombia, Jan. 15.— General Al
bans attacked the revolutionary forces
cutside of the city of Panama Saturday.
The fighting was of short duration. The
revolutionists were defeated, losing many
killed and wounded, as well as two chiefs
captured.
The Government forces sustained a loss
of seven killed and wounded.
Consideration of the army reorganiza
tion bill was resume*! informally. Teller
then offered his amendment to the section
of the bill authorizing the President to
retire an army officer under suspension
by sentence of a court-martial. He al
luded to a statement made a few days
ago by Hawley about the possibility of
war on account of the jealousy of the
European powers.
"Is not the Senator perfectly aware."
Inquired Hawley, with evident warmth,
"that I repudiated that statement?"
"I do not care whether you did or not,"
retorted Teller.
"I know you do nol." observed. Hawley.
"I have got It here and I will -read it."
said the Colorado Senator. "The Senator
spoke of something in the air, and he re
ferred to the purchase of the Danish isl
lands. The newspapers of the country
took It up and used It. There Is no dan
ger of a foreign war on account of the
Danish islands, with tne South Sea islands
thrown !n. We do not need the srrrat
army of 1CO.00O men to resist any threat
ened or supposed war from any people in
the world. I know we are not loved in
Europe," continued Teller. "Our compe
tition In trade is creating great feeling
over there, but I fail to see any nation in
the world that Is going to war with us on
account of trade."
Warren of Wyoming, a member of th<»
Committee on Military Affairs, challenged
the accuracy of a statement made by Tel
ler that the bill provided for a standing
army of 100,000 men. It provides, he main
tained, for a standing army of 54.009 men,
all of whom are absolutely needed accord
ing to Information laid before Congress.
The Senate then went into executive
session and at 5:50 p. m. adjourned.
Teller said he would expect a report
from the committee and if one were nol
made he would know how to. get it.
A resolution presented a few days aso
by Teller, providing for the printing as a
public document of the petition of ?i'J<>
Filipinos offered to the Senate, was laid
before the Senate.
Stewart of Nevada declared his opposi
tion to the resolution on the ground that
it was "an untruthful recital of conditions
in the Philippines."' *
The resolution was referred to the Com
mittee on the Philippines.
The amendment was to strike out of the
bill the 'words "conferring upon the Pres
ident power to increase from the mini
mum to the maximum limit the strength
of the infantry, artillery and cavalry arms
of the service.".
Nces— Allen. Bate. Berry. Butler. Caffery.
Clay. Cockrell. Culbertson. Daniel, Harris.
Heltfeld, Jones of Arkansas, Pettlgrew, Ptt
tus, Rawlins, Tallaferro, Teller, Towne. Tur
ley. Turner— 20.
Aye»— Allison, Bard, Burrows, Carter, Dolll
ver, Fairbanks. Foraker. Foster, Fry©, Oallln
ger. Hanna, Hansbrough. llawley, Kean. Kyle.
Lindsay. Lodge. McComas, McCumber, McEn
ery. McLaurin, McMillan, Morgan. Nelson.
Perkins^ Pl&tt of Connecticut. 1'latt of New
York. Prltchard, Proctor. Quarlwi. Scott. Spw
ell, Shoup, Spooner, Stewart, Thurston. AVar
ren. Wolcott— 39.
Bacon's amendment striking out of the*
bill the discretionary authority conferred
upon the; President to increase the size
of the army wasjaid on the table by tha
decisive vote of 39 to 20. as follows:
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13.— Some progress
was made by the Senate to-day In the con
sideration of the army reorganization bill.
One amendment that has created much
debate was disposed of and a tacit agree
ment has been reached Tor a "vote very
soon."
POWER VESTED
IN PRESIDENT
Given Authority to Increase
the Army to the Limit
Provided.
» .
Bacon's Amendment to Strike tha
Provision. From the Army Bill
la Laid on the
Table.
An amendment by Bartholdt to instruct
the Mississippi River Commission to make
an inquiry into the feasibility of the es
tablishment of a system of reservoirs In
the St. Francis Basin, with a view of cut
ting down the height of the flood water
at the Junction of the Ohio and Missis
sippi rivers, was adopted.
Mondell then offered an amendment to
appropriate $50,000 for preliminary exam
ination of reservoir sites In each of the
arid and semi-arid States. The amend
ment -was lost without division.
Without completing the bill the House
at 5:05 p. m. adjourned.
Hopkins of Illinois, who was In the
chair, ruled that the amendment was in
order. The amendment was lost — 37 to 85.
Other amendments of a similar character
met a like fate.
Burton promptly raised the point that
the amendment was not germane. A long
debate followed over the point of order,
the representatives from the arid region
insisting that the River and Harbor Com
mittee had jurisdiction over the whole
subject.
Mondeh of Wyoming offered an amend
ment to appropriate loO.OOO for construct
ing reservoirs in Wyoming for the pur
pose of holding. back the tlood waters of
the Missouri Klver. The amendment also
carried an authorization for J165.000 to
complete the reservoirs. This amendment
was to bstthe entering wedge of the advo
cates of tISi irrigation of the arid lands in
the West. \
The House then resumed consideration
of the river and harbor appropriation bill.
King of Utah criticized his democratic
colleagues for supporting immense river
and harbor bills because they happened to
contain what he termed "pork" In which
they, were interested. He charged that
Democrats, not the Democratic party,
were drifting Jar from their old moorings
in championing appropriations for strictiy
local purposes.
The Senate resolution to appropriate
$7000 to enable the secretary- of the Senate
to pay the expenses of the inauguration
of the President and Vice President
March 4 was called up and precipitated a
lively discussion because it did not recog
nize the House as a participating factor
in the inauguration ceremonies. "The res
olution was recommitted, with Instruc
tions to report back a resolution provid
ing for inaugural ceremonies unuer the
auspices of a joint committee of the Sen
ate and House.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.-The House
spent another day on the river and har
bor bill without completing- It.* Twenty
six pages were disposed of to-day. The
friends of the bill successfully resisted all
attempts to load down the bill with new
projects, and only one or two unimportant
amendments were adopted. The "Western
members labored unsuccessfully to secure
an entering wedge for their pet scheme
for the reclamation of the arid lands, but
received very limited . support. :;¦:-"
Western Members of the House Fight
Hard to Gain Their Point, but
Meet With Limited
No Appropriations Made for
. Reclamation .of Arid ¦
Lands.
FEW AMENDMENTS
TO RIVER BILL
Governor Sadler ¦ said : u '•-"Boxlne' -con
tests, even 'to a flnish.l-are allowed !n
Nevada by law, under special provisions.*'.
There Beems to have been almost' a ces
sation this week in Cincinnati of the op
position to the fight,' and all arrangements
are being ; made by the Saengerf est Ath
letic Association, to Droceed with the af-»
fair. . . •¦ ..-• -:¦ .
CINCINNATI, Jan. 15.-An evening
paper has replies from* twenty-seven Gov
ernors ; in '. regard ' to" prizefights ", and : only
one, the Governor of Nevada, states that
he would allow the Jeffries-Ruhlin fight
in : his State if it cannot be pulled oft in
Cincinnati on ' February . 15.
a Query, Declare in Opposition
to Jeffries. ¦
Twenty -^even Governors Replying to
SAY THEY WOULD NOT
/PERMIT THE . FIGHT
In connection with Mr. Rockhill's recall,
the I suggestion . has . been ; made that Mr.
Conger, be. ordered: home in his stead and
Mr. - Rockhill . be left to conduct 3 the Chi
nese negotiations to a final conclusion. As
muth as the authorities would probably
like to order Mr.' Conger to return; to the
United i States., it - is apparent" that the
pressure of missionary influence and Con
gressional friends of the Minister will
cause his retention at his post.
¦ Mr.. Rockhlll's withdrawal Is due to the
desire of the administration to have him
in Washington,. and he will be able, to
place at the disposal of the President and
Secretary. Hay many facts of importance
and, interest: : He -will -leave ; Peking for
the United States . as soon as . navigation
CAT.L, BUREAU, H06 G STREET.' N.
W., ; WASHINGTON. Jan. 15.— W. W.
Rockhill, special commissioner of the
United States to China, has. been recalled
from Peking. Though from all that can
be learned Mr. Conger was disinclined to
adopt the sensible suggestions Mr. • Rock
hill'has made, he wMl lose by Mr. Rock
hlll'S'withdrawal an able counselor.' Mr.
Rockhill is acknowledged to be an author
ity on s Chinese aff airs, and ¦ was ' sent to
the Celestial kingdom last summer to take
the place of Mr. Conger had he been slain.'
While in China he has been the eyes and
ears of • Secretary Hay, keeping him ad
vised about I occurrences upon which I Mr.
Conger, was apt to make prejudiced re
ports. -
Special Commissioner Is
Ordered to Rsturn From
BOCKHILL WILL
COME HOME
John C. Ellis, whosename has frequent
ly been mentioned with Questionable-re
sorts and who was run out of the tender
loin by Captain Price, owns the flat house
where the woman lived. He refused to
give- any information concerning her to
The Call correspondent. She did not re
turn to the house after robbing Homage.
Homage left the Normandle Saturday
without telling where he was going.
¦ Howard Buckley's claim against M. H.
Henderson is for the estate of his father.
Charles F. Buckley, who/ was colonel of
engineers in the Union army during the
civil war. After the, war he went to Cen
tral America. >vhere he died of fever. At
that time his wife and son Howard lived
in Stockton. Howard Buckley Is still a
resident of Stockton, although at. present
engaged temporarily In the oil well busi
ness in Southern California.- •
Recently in Stockton young ¦ Buckley's
wife sued, him for divorce and has asked
for a share of : the estate. .The police say
payment of the draft has been stopped.
"no," and suggested he search the flat
while fche went on an errand. She hur
ried away and escaped.
Mr. Homage did not find his money and
went back to the hotel and told the clerk
of his adventure. The clerk advised him
to report the matter to the police of the
Seventh station, which he did.
Homage and II. V. J.. Swain, an attor
ney of Stockton, are friends of Howard
Buckley, who recently in a will case ob
tained judgment for property at Port
Chester, N. Y.; valued at about $50,003.
The property has been tied up. however,
and Buckley received no revenue. So his
attorney, ex-Congressman Marlon .de
Vrles, and Messrs. Homage and Swain
have from time to time advanced him
sums of money to meet his current living
expenses, and to secure the three friends
Buckley assigned his Port Chester prop
erty to Homage and Swain. Of late money
in rents has been coming in. Homage and
Swain arrived in New York about a, week
ago to consult with De Vrles. Homage
Is stopping at the Normandle Hotel.'- On
last Thursday, lust as he stepped outside
the hotel door, he made the acquaintance
of a woman on the street, .who said her
name was Carey. The police have ascer
tained Bhe gave her correct name. Horn
age accompanied her to. her apartments
in West Thirty-eighth street, not far from
the Herald building 1 . •' Ho soon left her. to
go to a theater,. when he missed his pock
etbook. He hurried back to her room and
met the woman coming out.:He asked her
ij she had seen his money. She replied
NEW YORK, Jan. 15. — Georgre Homage,
a well-known real estate man of Stockton,
Cal., complained to the police that on last
Thursday he was robbed of a draft for
$35,000 and $600 in cash. ¦
Special IMspatch to The Call
Attorney Is Despoiled by
Chance Acquaintance
Met on the Street.
WOMAN ROBS
GEORGE HORNAGE
¦' r '.l <51sefted science of business, others
ill ol the pipr.s of lhe time and breathing
the spirit of advancfmont in the Orient.
"h a by WUIUzd Mitchell Bunker, the
• i rary commissioner of fortipn com
merce, is mi exbauiltTB consideration of
Asiatic commerce, its possibilities and its
mi anlng to this cn;»«t. .Mr. Hays' ad
<!r«^> was short <ri.<p and to the point.
}<> delivered hi? few words in a direct,
;!a1n but forcible manner and a lengthy
;ippl;»use greeted Hie close of his re
marks.
The reports of tho various committees
fi!!fd up iht prozranune of this annual
Mr. Bunker's paper hold the members
of i h«» brarri in cln?c attention, for he was
Our commercial revival and future are topics
of talk in all the chief cities abroad. For
eigners engaged In Oriental trade are speculat-
It is the fixwl policy of the Russian Govern
ment to develop as fast as may be the present
and prospective territory termed Eastern
Siberia. The necessity for this development is
fvtn creater. than when the railroad was
planned. To colonize ar.d civilize th« vast
i-e«j!on wWch has Port Arthur for Its southern
most seajort. Russia Is making superhuman
efforts and many sacrifices.
are to suddenly shout for all the coforts of a
civilized home and swamp our producing re
sources. Xcr do I think demands from Japan.
Siberia and Korea will congest our supplying
departments. And this I cay after an impar
tial and independent inspection of the trade
ar«-a«= of China. Japan. Siberia and Korea.
Mr. Chairman and "gentlemen: I came over
liere this afternoon with the express under
standing that there were to be no speeches.
ran the gamut of past endeavor, touching
upon the vital business questions of the
hour.. Under his sweeping brush came
the harbor and water front. Government
supplies, the Commercial Museum, the
Trans-Siberiaji Railway, the relief light
ship, the American merchant marine, na
tional commissions, the Galveston flood
and some general considerations.
Mr. Hays was introduced by the retiring
president of the board in this manner:
Gentlemen of this Chamber: I am more than
pleased to have Mr. Hays with us. Mr. Hays
has Just come among us as president of the
grand railroad system that was Inaugurated
by a fellow countryman here In California. I
thought It was a fine opportunity for him to
become acquainted with a number of our busi
ness men who would be present here to-day,
and for that reason we Invited him to be with
ua.
Mr. Hays responded:
E. Scott was elected secretary, treas
urer and librarian; standing committees
were appointed for the year and a resolu
tipn approving the bill now before the
I-egisIature for the appointment of Water
and Forest Commissioners to confer ¦•with
the representatives of the Federal Gov
ernment for the purpose of making sur
veys and investigation of the water re
sources of our State was passed.
Then. the special meeting of the board of
trustees was called and this Is the modi
cum'of work it performed:
"When the handshaking was over with
President Hays became second In the
vital and burning, problems of the hour.
The secretary told of the year's work and
the committee on seamanship and naviga
tion had a fling at report making.
want to be one of you and to be regarded as
such, and to have you feel that at any time
If there are any matters In regard to which
the ' Southern Pacific. Railway can work to
mutual Interest with you In the development
of the coast and of your business Interests we
shall at all tlmett be - only too glad to give
thcRe matters that consideration and that
earnest, care"ful regard which our mutual In
terests require. Gentlemen. I am very glad
to have met you. I thank you.
I am very Klad to be with you here to-day,
gentlemen, to meet you and to acknowledge
your cordial, kindly expressions of welcome.
Thoy are, only what California. Kan Francisco
and the . Pacific Coast generally have been
noted for. and I see, although twenty-live yearn
have passed since I was first on the Pacific
Coast, that you have not changed In that re
spect, and. In fact, II It were possible, the
reception extended strangers seems even more
cordial and more friendly than before.' Com
ing as I do a stranger In your midst It In
peculiarly welcome to me, and to-<3ay I am
not going to do more than express my appre
ciation of that welcome, and to say to you
that I expect to make my home with you. I
I believe from the platform and on the flocr
cf the Chamber there are never any speeches;
and If you are very well acquainted with our
railroad men you know there are very few of
them that are ready at all times and on all
occasions to lift up their voices. I believe
there Is but on* railroad man who has a
national Veputatlon In that respect— at least
but on? with whom I have been very familiar.
He lives on the Atlantic coast. Since I have
been here I have been led to believe, however,
that there Is one, not distantly connected with
the Southern Pacific, that has upon occasions
and at various times been able to lift up his
voice. I am looklng-ln his direction, but 1
won't mention any names Just now.'
I nm very Kind to br tvltii you liere to-«lny, gentlemen: - to
meet yon anil. to nrknonlrdKo your conllnl, kindly exprefinlonft of
lvoloomp. 'ftipy nrr only ,vlin< California, Snn Kronclnoo and the
I"n«-in«- Conat KMicrnllj- have been noted for, and I nee, nlllioueh
twenty years have, pinned mince 1 *%xnm llrwt on the Pacific Const,
that you have not changed in thnt reiipeeti and In fact, - If It
were pnitNlbip, tlie reception extended mt rjintr«*r» neems even
more rordlal and more friendly than before. Coming an I do,
r NtraneiT In your mldnt. It Is peculiarly welcome to me, and
to-dnj* I nm not groins? to do more tlinn exprenn my appreciation
of flint welcome, and to nay to yon that I expect to make my
home with yon. I wnnt to he one of you nnd to he regarded an
Kncli and to have yon feel that at any time, if there are any mat
tern In regard to -which the Southern Pacific Railway can -work
to mutual interest with yon in the development of the coant and
of yonr business interests, we shall at all times he only too Kind
to give thone matters that consideration and that earnest, care
ful resrnrtl which our mutual interests require. Gentlemen, I am
very triad to have met you. I thank you.— Excerpt from President
Hays' speech yesterday at the Chamber of Commerce.
RAILROAD WILL CO-OPERATE
PRESIDENT C. M. HAYS OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY AD
DRESSING THE MEMBERS OF THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. THE
SUCCESSORTO C. P. HUNTINGTON MADE A FAVORABLE IMPRESSION.
- - - ' V
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WED NESD AY, JANUARY 16, 1901.
Chief Executive of the Southern Pacific Is Introduced to Merchants at the Annual
Meeting of the San Francisco Chamber of Commerce.
3
PRESIDENT C. M. HATS of the
Southern Pacific Company was
the guest of honor yesterday at
the fifty-first annual meeting of
the San Francisco Chamber of
Commerce. At his suggestion his formal
introduction to the merchants of San
Francisco, assembled In commercial 'or
ganization, was made informal. "When
the proceedings of the d3y were finished
PreFidtnt l!ays was introduced to the
members of the chamber. A general hand
fhaklr.p ensued and by his hearty, rental
and affibie manner the new ruler of
Southern Parific destinies ingratiated
himself into tb« hearts of the men who
pay freights ar.d make railroads profitable
rr^iiertlep.
Outside of the introduction of President
Hays to the commercial representatives
cf "this city the meeting was much the
fame as in the years preceding:. Papers
¦were read— «="me of them heavy with the
on a theme dear to the progressive ele
ment present. In part he Bald:
American exports to .Afla crew from. J27.
421.881 in 1893 to J78.I3S.f76 in 1S99. Hence our
consuming Interest in Asiatic affair*. The
Asiatic demand for American products Is felt
by the manufacturers, merchant*, mechanics
and producers. The farmers and fruitgrowers
of »the Pacific Coast are among the largest
l>enenciarles. Europe looks askance as the
United States decreases the Asiatic demand
for European goods. Ttie fiercest struggle «
In Northern China and the Russian Asiat c
region. The foreign trade of China approxi
mated S330.00O.0OO m V>W. an advance of *44,
000.000 on the total of 1S3S. and double that of
1S90 Sixty-three P«* r cent °' lne tolaI annual
trade of "China is with the British. Japan has
11 per cent the United States 10 per cent and
Russia 6 per cent. The balance is with France.*
Germany and other countries. The United
States and Germany are paining Chinese trade
at the expense of Oreat Britain.
The natural advantage In Asiatic trade is
with the l"nlted States 1 . We have what Asia
wacts I am nnt of the optimistic brotherhood
who tfrnk the four hundred millions of China
Ing on our ability to take at its flood our tide
ct prosperity. They have seen us turn out
the record warship of the world, from one of
the nnesr yards In the world: they have seen
us make the nrst patriotic response to a na
tional appeal for troops for foreign service;
they have seen us found near by two universi
ties which any city In Europe would be proud
to own; they have Been us project a second
shipbuilding plant and know that within
eighteen months we will have .added to our
already excellent docking facilities a drydock
equal to any In the world, and noting our
splendid and sweeping advance on these com
mercial, constructive and intellectual lines,
they incline to the idea that we will meet
the demand of our unprecedented opportuni
ties. It 1b our duty to Justify this idea, to
conserve our commercial power, to work with
the cohesive strength of a united community
and to ;etilously guard our prestige.
Charles Xelson, the retiring president,
who has for a successor in the chair of
the Chamber of Commerce. George A.
NewhaJl, told the commercial story of
the past year as far as San Francisco and
the Pacific Coast were concerned. He
The shipyards of Great Britain, all
•working: together, could turn out a biz
steamship every day In the year.
Made to your |
measure
The picture here represents /ilM§&^% SfP'S
our fifteen -dollar all-wool Mf siifSff^ "f fl jR/fjv'M
tweed, which we are now /wrfijfffliW 1 -! WxAiWi
making to o-der for $12.50. /ljffi»(j! hW0 If
We have deliberately marked /Wi,f WM II WM ij tf
this price down for two rea- /flg^JBm 1 M Hi f W i
sons. The first and all impor- t$j5&*' ifTTiilv'i if]
tant is that we want to keep fc&g^jy L| W 1H1 /
the help busy in our work- BlB^fjOjlSwli WM\ | HP \*f
shop, and as you know Janu- i*8flfr ~TF M Wt£^
ary is not a very brisk month, : l>P|o
we must put out some extra . KM JM '.'Jj | tCw^M"!
inducement to liven things up; ' trl jj Ia\| W (\|||k|JJ|§
for, of course, any man who [|u ' j- jj«A' % ¦] ,' wSjjfjfl
needs a suit or even intends IRluriyt^i Ufl'MTjlflli
Then again we are over- Sfil Iftlliij S$l
stocked on tweeds, so have Ifilwiv ''l! i*$M
There are two gcod serges and IlfiirflillSiftjl
two cheviots to te had at the •tliiilfcf&il, ,1 *v$ vl
price, but the most of the pat- WiPfjIiilMfMl
Come in and get a- few of vl^illrii^]
the samples and look over the Njaw'm a jiljti
line of cloths — no trouble to XSl!$F,y!l
show the goods, even though ilj'ifjj?nj{
yo.i do not order; but it's ten W !iIm§
;o one you can't resist when * \ fi}Mi
Out-of-town orders filled — ~ j! f|J*|J ~^^z.
write for samples and self- iw vJj AS§j^ : . '
718 Market Street and
Cpp., Powell & Eddy Sts. -
j io~~* & /r^^\ When the n
Warner's Safe Cure. J
August 22, 1900. H
Warner's Safe Cure Co., ' fc
Gentlemen : — B
When tny physician first told me that I had Eright's B
disease a cold chill went over me and I felt as if I were a doomed man. B
For three months I took his prescription and kept getting worse, when §3
my druggist, who was a personal iriend, told me that in his opinion H
\ Warner's Safe Cure was the best medicine on earth for Bright's disease. 5]
I took a bottle at ence and gradually felt relieved. I kept @
taking it patiently and regularly for two months and words can- H
not describe my leelings when I found that I was cured. H
¦ J felt like a new man. Bright's disease is a thing of the past M
and I would like to say to everyone similarly afflicteo, try Warner's H
Safe Cure. '- V^B
\ Yours very respectfully, j|
TfaTT SAMPLE- . joe rose, I]
I" fm. if 3 L 3 oi Wahxi3i'6Safb Town Cleric Ij
¦MILE S^ktS Lake View. Cook Co. I1L J
earoe, on receipt of a postal card, men- Moved to H
tionlng this paper. Addr«sWxiuriB'i 1931 North Ashland Avc, M
' Batz Cuke Co, Rochester. IT. Y. Chicago. * BEDDIE JONES. THE JOCKEY, WHO SUPPORTED HIS SISTER IN HER
• HASTILY ARRANGED MARRIAGE TO FRANCIS JOSEPH DESMOND.
HEAD BUTCHER AT THE TESLA COAL MINES.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
.^J2£Z5i£^>J^£?Z5. ACK- TUESDAY - JANUARY 15.— Weather tine. Track heavy. •
1648. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse. $350. '
T . !„ . IPo.l I""" "j I, BettlnK •
index [Horse. Age. Weight. [Pstjst. H. %. Str. Kin. J Jockeys, j Op. HI. Cl. PI.
\llt IP 61 Vl8 . ta * *¦ • • : • in °l~5~ "« Hi il ... In IMounce ~7Z. I « 8 T S
\rl £ Hr T n l On - 4 "I 1 5 «H Sh ... J 6 Buchanan ..I ' 2 2 9-5 4-5
iMrt -'lTi«r k , Wo0 ' 18 - 41011 * 7 7h 61 ... 8 h Coburn ...... « 10 10 4
IMA '."«•• Mlnch Jr. 5.1021 10 9 2 2 2 H ... 4 3 J. • MUIen...l 10 15 15 «
M S. 1 """^" 15 '' 1 - 111 "! 7 X 82 42 ... 5 H O'Connor ...I 4 4 4 3-2
lRW S£ e E? SS ' * 96 M 3 4h fil ... 68 U. T. Woods 6 25 ¦ 25 8
1S77 n r, nce "' *• 9<5 8|4 52 7 H ... 7 2 lFauntlm>y 8 30 25 10
}5" gf- BOTI*. 4 911. 3 lit 10 B 9 ... 8 8 !'¦ IMatthewa .. 20 • 40 15 S
,„„ i. 1 " 5 Anthony. 5.msl U I 3 SH 8J ... 9 1 jKnos ........ ,10 SO W , 8
i«ii r-?, m Shar I<ey. .<•- 9S! 2 110 11 10 ... 10 1 iDanirnian ..20 10O 100 80
16» iMloa, 6 ioo| 9 | 8 9 10 11 ... 11 |DomlnlcR ..[ 6 9 9 3
1 * 16 '^ 1071 3 " lfi - iWtHl-n, :«H: BUf. 1:14. Oood start. Won first three driving."
,"!J Mr i Georire Van Cordon's ch. m. by Iran. Del Mar-Playful Winner away well and in
lucit Pjrmenion would have won had he not been rocketed early ln the name: Woods
'• SULi" pr , j ¦ do bett * r on a fast, track. Tlne-a-Linpr anchored tn the eolnfr. Dr.
Bm 98 D ' a g0 °? tilinK and alnl0St 1<>ft - Ulloa no "madder." Scratched— Beautiful
1O4O. SKCOXD RACE— Five furlongs: three-year-olds: purse. ' 1350. .¦ . .. ...; ... . .
-- L ' '¦¦ ~- ¦ IPo.l . I \, PettJn* ,
Index Home and .-Weight. iPstlSt. H- . \. Ktr. Fin. i Jockeys. I Op. HI. .Cl. . PI.
— ' .¦.'— ._ -.. _ ii r i . _.. \ ' i in
]«JI ¦ IJ^Jlworth ......114! »|1 lh 1H 11 in IN. Tnmer.J 2-K 2-S 3-lfl : —
till Sr"X. ter ; ¦• — — "...l«l ?! 2 3 1 Hi 3 2 as I.T. Woods...! B 9 9 7-5
}i*l ?;' Toplo 1141 1 f 4 22 24 2 2 31 ICoburn SO 100 . 100 15
J«« J^'Tir H»«Jreth..l'w| 4 I 8 «4 5« 48 4 15 IMounce ....I 1Q 30 W «"
«« o u v!? la -••• 1<W •!»•'<! 4H B2 5 2 lO'Connor ...I 8 20 20 3
™ ?" b ' lm ' .....11SI 2 13 6 3 HI HI .« 1 iDominlck .. 10 20-20^ B-2
1W« llnntante 105) 5|7 7 T 7 .1 |Enos | 20 40 SO 7
Tlm *" T l£i '1*' ¦ •*• a7^l: H. l:OSSi. Bad «tart. Won easflv. Becotid and third driving. Wln
! ;ner. w.,H. Ketcheman's br. c. by tmn. Sir l^Todred-imp. Queen Bess. Kenilworth out-
S vf *, " neM and " w ' a8 away " vl "»r- Mamie Hlldreth away poorly. Lticldia will un
floiihtedlv improve. Scratched-Qulz II 122. Blanda 105. Georgre Dewey 107, Maresa '117.
1 roilow Me 107. •¦-..•.•.
td^n. THIRD RACK— Six furlongs: selling: four-year-olds; purse. $400. .
'- . !„ . : 'P" 1 "• T~ "~ \r- Betting
d « 'Horse -and Weight. I PstjSt. %. M. Rtr. Fin. I Jockeys. I Op. HI. ..Cl. . PI.
,]£« !£ u " to 9»{|4 f S Tl il Tl 1 1 IRan»ch .....I (I 25 IB ~~3
'J"!V "»«"¦ T-ulIen .....insl 8!5 .4H 2H'2H2 5 iRuchanan ..I.S-5 7-10 7-10 1-4
IRIS Prejudge mzl 2|S R 44 3 h iMartin I 2 3 3 3-5
|5 a i ' Ollssando 1001 1,11 2 1 3 4 3 2 4 15 iMounce ....I 8 8 11-2 1
1<?9- IHarrr Thatcher.. 90f 5 14 3h B 5 S f.T. Walsh.. ,.| 20 100 100. IS
Ti-"»— \i. ••SU: U. {S1\4: v t . 1:17^. Bad n*n--t. TVon eBsllv" Secondhand third flrlvlng.
"^'Inner. P. HnwW» bf. h. bv Imp. Bnitu«-Trl«h T^oss. Some weight off Torked won
ders v.-Uh Ou*to. Sam Fullen was cut off on back stretch and is not at his best anyway.
Oli«!»ando won't do.
1 Wit. . FOURTH RACK — One mile and a quarter; selling; four-year-olda and up: purse. $400.
T ! Po~! ; j 1/ B»ttlne
Index J Horse and WelRhtJPntlSt. H. %. Ptr. Fin. I Jockeys., I Op. HI. Cl. -PI.
1R1R iTanmost. n WRI 4|2 2h 21 ?« 11 tMonnce I 4~ 4^ U^S 1U!
1C?s (T.ooAcb-«. 5 inr,l 211 S Sh SI 2S lO'Connor ... 7-10 1 9-10 1-4
i«9l iTMHe rt'Or, 4 Wl KI4 11 12 1 1 - * <t IT. Miller I 20 inn 75 30
1«1K ¦iTT'm.i'B W- SIR 3 1 4h S 4 8 iPuchanan ..I 4 11-2 11-2 7-5
1fiT7 iNVme Such. 6 1Q6I 1|3 42 6 4 1 B [Bergen 1 10 15 -15 8
Time— XI: :27: U. :54: «. 1:21^4: mile. 1:49U : Wm M(. Good stnrt. Won exollv. Second
and third driving. TVInn»r. C*a»riith»rs ft ShlelrjB' rh. g. bv Imp. Topgnllnnt-EsKay. Top
mast ran like a gay Hd bov to-dav. Time was when he didn't rells*h ctlcky going. Ioco
chee geemeel lazy, ]\k* a sauaw man. Race n poor or.e from" time standpoint^
Ifir.a. FIFTH RACK— Five and a half furlongs; selling: three-year-old flllles: parse. $400.
. i i 'poTi ; n : i, Bettmg ;
Index jHorse and Weight. iPstlSt. M. H. "tr. Fin. I Jockeys. I Op. -HI. Cl. PI.
TJ 0 1 , * ., . t * t t i
1«31 iMellle Forest ....KW 1 2|3 33 1H IS 13 iHominlck ...I 3-2 8-5 4-5 1-S
1«n« iT^.rol'ri^K in?! AI4 « 4h 4^2h ln>btirn I 10 20 20 «
IMS IE1 Sonoro l«2l 5)5 3 1 SS 2 «4 3 4 IMounce I 4 4 7-2 9-10
1MS I^Melada in*l -111 6H Bl Bl 4 6 . iHoar I 10 100 100 2S
1W« IC«mnanfnn ...10714 I 2 13 23 81 Kl iRuchanan ..I 3 5 5 8-5
IK* H/!bh|p,F.1klnB.....107| 3|6 4 1 t « ft lO'Connor ...j 8 20 20 E
Ti™*— 2-16! :!$*<: 7-1fi. :45: BHf. 1:13. Owxl start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. W. P. Magrane's ch. f. by Forest-Nellie O. Wlnn»r breezed In. Loneliness
showed Improvement. Kstelada messed about. Companion faint hearted.
1«r?3. SIXTH RACE— Futurity course; selling: four-year-olds and upward: purse, $300.
~ 1 IPo.l T~ I, P-ttlnr IZ.
Tndex iHcrse, Age. We1ghtJPstl8t. M. %. Ffr. Fin. I Jockeys. I Op. HI. Cl. PI.
*1ttT iFIamero. 5 1WI St2 Bl 43 >H 12 iMcunce I B S S t~K '
1R30 H.a Miscotta, «..1(«l 7 I 1 38 11 11 26 ItVimlnlck ...I 7 ' 10 10 *
1«21 lNecktsr». a l«l 4 I 5 !•< 31 41 Sh iBaestnger ..12 2 J-2 1-2
1SK7 I.Tpr.nlc Reid. 5. ...105' 2IS 64 US RS 4« Irv'Connor ...I 4 4 7-J 7.5
1W<! iMd. Ferguson, 5.10r.l 3|4 11 2 4 2h F 1 iKnos I 6-2 9-2 4 7-K
l«S0 Ifhinboy. a 1071. 1 !« 4ViB% «2 83 iFrawley ....I 10 30 so i 0
l«0« |MacLaren. 4 ....106| «|7 7 7 7 7 |Bergen ) 10 80 80 10
Time— To «. :22M : to M. :47'47last H. 1:06: short %. 1:15M. Good start. Won easily. Bec^
ond and third driving. Winner. D. Cameron's ch. g. by Flambeau-Boniar. Flamero under
wraos to the stretch. Necklace away nnne too well. J«rnie Reid does better on a dry
track Scratched— William F 103. Pilot 103. Onld Baron 107. .' -¦ .
There was no visible exchange of affec
tionate salutations when the bride anil
groom went down the darksome corridor3
of the City Hall. Eddie Jonea and father
saw that the bride and groom were prop
erly started on life's matrimonial Journey.
The groom. Desmond, bought two rings
yesterday to seal tho compact, Mr. Jonea
says, but Judge Joachimsen. under stream
of circumstances, failed to repeat thn
frequently heard phrase. "With this ring
do I thee endow.
cumstances, obligingly provided a brides
maid, but in the confusion attendant upon
the occasion her services were not re
quired. Judge Joachimsen also seemed to
feel the necessity of getting through witli
the ceremony as quickly as possible ami
tied the knot Inside of record time.
THREATEN ANOTHEB BURNING.
An Ohio Mob May Visit Summary
Punishment on a Prisoner.
WARREN. Ohio, Jan. 15.— Luther Potts,
charged with a terrible crime on a little
boy at Glrard, was placed in Jail here
this afternoon for safe keeping. An at
tempt was made this morning at Glrard
to burn him alive ln the jail. There aro
threats of burning Potts at the stake.
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 15.— Weathar
fine; track heavy. Results:
One mile, selling-— Sarllla won. Old Fox sec
ond, Trebor third. Time, 1:60.
One and a • half miles, selling:— Silver Coin
won. 'Admetus second, Albert Vale third. Time,
2:l«tt.
One and a sixteenth miles, ; selling— Ailm
won, Picadore eecond, Dagroar third. Time,
1:57^4.
¦ Handicap, one " mile— Varro won. Egyptian
Princess second. Porter B third. Time. 1:48H
¦- Six :. furlongs, selling— Lady Contrary won,
Alpaca second, Mordelmo third. Tim«, l:J0.
Seven furlongs, selling— Lillian Reed won.
Agitator second. Tourney third. Time. 1:25.
J"RT as a baseball player loses his
-attlng eye and 'a fighter his ca
nndty far standing punishment,
some horses suddenly display n.
marked tendency for a track that
form followers would not stake counter
feit money on their chances. The course
at Oakland yesterday was almost heavy
and sticky enough to pull the plates from
the feet of the equine performers. That
is why nearly everybody supposed Tx>co
chee would lose Topmast, but he failed
absolutely to do anything of the sort.
Just previous to this, however. Gusto did
a turn trit staggered the talent. Frank
Phillips" horse Sam Fullen was considered
one of the certainties of the day. closing
a 7 to 10 chance for the third event. Im
agine the surprise when Gusto, with S3
pounds and J. Rausch up. backed from 25
to 15, went out and won in a gallop. Bu
chanan, astride the favorite, got cut off
on the back stretch, finishing a handy
second over Prejudice. Weights must be
a most telling factor ln the winner's
make-up, ' for his preceding race had a
very murky look.
Had it not been that Kenilworth and
Nellie Forest both docked on .time at
scant odds, the favorites would all have
been beaten. As both Gusto and Topmast
were heavily backed, the books did not
profit to any great extent over the re
verses of the first choices.
Parmenion. owned by Frank Doss,
seems cut of luck. With Buchanan up.
he looked to have become mixed up with
his own kind ln the first number, and
was well backed at twos. Buchanan man
aged to "scramble the eggs' during the
first part, getting to the wire ln time to
be beaten a neck by Del Vista, a 7 to 1
shot. Mounce rode the winner.^
Almost any sort of a price about Kenil
worth. favorite for the five furlong dash
following looked ripe and mellow. Three
to ten was the post quotation. Turner got
the colt away to a flying start and though
defeating Grafter^but a neck had some
thing in reserve. Coburn landed El Topio.
a 100 to 1 shot, in the show. \
There was such an avalanche of coin
in the ring to be placed on Topmast to
win the mile and a quarter selling run
that the odds against Lpcochee went from
7 to 10 to 9 to 10. Fille d'Or, a 100 to 1
shot, cut out the pace and then ( When
ready Mounce with Topmast went to th«
front, winning hands down. The first
nlly fl Nellle H Forest
looked a "moral" for the five and a half
furlong spin which followed and she did
score without any <?«ort. Loneliness a
20 to 1 outsider, took the place from El
Sonoro by a neck.
Bassinger had the mount on Necklace,
favorite for the concluding run over the
Futurity course. The black mare did not
get away from the post any too well and
had to be content with third money.
Mounce on Flamero finished an easy win
ner over La Mascotta. a 10 to^ outsider,
which made most of the running.
Track Notes.
Mounce was in front on three winners.
The Idaho boy is riding in great form Just
now. He has a pronounced penchant for
capturing the opening race. .'
The programme for the coming meeting
at Tanforan is out. Short sprints are few
and far between;: a commendable feature.
R. E. de B. L<opez says his son is ln re
ceipt of a' fresh Eastern offer for Articu
late. The colt has certainly been adver
tised enough.
The stakes of the Chicago Racing Asso
ciation to be decided at Hawthorne track
close February 4. . Horsemen can obtain
blanks from "Jim" Norvell. • .
Bookmaker Joe Harlan Is laid* up with
a mild attack of pneumonia.
' Johnny Coletnan was credited with win
ning 16000 over the promenade ln of Gusto.
Pat Shannon, it was said, also had a swell
bet down on the outsider.
Frank Phillips and his trainer were at a
loss to explain the indifferent showing
made by Sam Fullen. . .
Dr. Bolye was played for a "killing."
but E. Matthews was not -.called early
enough; The horse was almost left.
Carruthers & Shields had Topmast ln to
be - sold for $400, ¦- and - Albert Simons ¦ ele
vated the price. Just $200. The old cam
paigner did not change hands, s . . . •
Bookmaker George s Rose took a fall out
of Topmast and repented at leisure.^ Very
few bettors got aboard at 4 or even 3, ¦ as
the ring was shy of the coin.
following are the entries and weights
Welch as Beferee.
Jack Welch was selected last night as
the referee for the fights before the Na
tional Sporting Club next Friday evening 1 .
W. H. . Ratigan, representing George
Byers, and "Western" Al Smith, . repre
senting Jack Root," met with J. J. Groom
of the National Sporting; Club I and with
out 1 much discussion 1 decided upon Welch
as the referee. Welch will also pass upon
the Thurston-CTibb flint, \
SENSATION IS PREDICTED.
Congressional Committee Expected to
Make a Scathing Report
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15.-The Secretary
of War Is holding the report of the Court
of Inquiry, which investigated the Booz
case, in reserve to be made public simul
taneously with that of the Congressional
Investigation Committee. The. Impression
prevails at the War Department that the
Congressional committee will sweeplngly
denounce the tactics of the cadets at the
ft /t, ry Mt a< ;? dem , y and of
the Institution by the officers in charge
This report will undoubtedly create a
sensation, and It is feared preiudice the
country against the academy. The report
?L th ,ti C ,° Urt Of , In <* u \ r y- w n«e admitting
the existence of hazing, is not so con*
demnatory and acquits the officers »n
charge of any responsibility, and in fact
compliments some of them for their ef
forts to minimize the practice. , The mill
tary rer,ort will, therefore, to some ex
tent, offset that of the Congressional com
mittee, and the Secretary and War De
partment officials are anxious to make it
public about the same time the commit
tee submits its report to the House It
may be that Congress, anticipating rush
tactics, will adopt a resolution calling for
the report of- the Court of Inquiry and the
publication of the real reason causing the
War Department to withhold the report
and may cause the Secretary to direct
that it be given to press without await
ing Congress'nnn 1 notion.
In reply to Driegs, the witness said he
believed that if fighting and hazing, with
«^nv X^rH ! ?? of C ir \ ny f ? rms - wer e done
away with it would be all the better, and
n«^< essary Ji 1 ! funny things which did
no Injury could be abolished also
CADET HAZING DENOUNCED.
Continued From First Page.
About 3 o'clock the Warden notified the
Governor that he had delivered the pris
oner Into the hands of the Sheriff.' The
Governor, it is said, was highly incensed
tit the Warden's failure to obey Instruc
tions.
The Governor was anxious to send mili
tia to preserve order, but he was assured
by Leavenwcrth .men who waited on him
that it would aggravate the trouble.
Juet before the party left the peniten
tiary for the Jail the Warden requested
«.nd received the following; receipt for his
Ceilvery of Alexander:
Delivery of the Negro.
When the fire had died down sufficiently
to allow the crowd to approach what re
mained of Alexander there was a wild
scramble to obtain relics, bits of charred
flesh, pieces of chain, scraps of wood —
everything that could possibly serve as a
eouvenir was seized on with morbid avid
ity by the eager people.
governor Stanley was in telephone con
rultatlon with Warden Tomlinson all day
yesterday. The Governor seemed very
anxious to preserve the name of Kansas
from any mob violence. It was under
stood that yesterday morning he instruct
ed Warden Tomlinson to refuse to deliver
Alexander to the Sheriff, but to afford him
proper protection.
Prom 5 to 8 o'clock there was a steady
stream of people going to the scene of the
burning. These were persons who had
been unable to get away from their work
ln the afternoon, but were determined not
to mlsa Feeing the awful spectacle.
As noon as the crowd saw that life was
extinct it began to slowly disperse. There
were hundreds of the more morbid, how
ever, who stayed to the last.
Men kept piling on wood all the time
until about 7 o'clock, when the flames
trere allowed to die down.
Aj^ain .Alexander was asked to make a
confecsion. but the negro replied that he
had nothing to say.
A« the flames leaped about him Alexan
der realized that his death was near. He
clapped his hands together and begun to
ewlng to and fro, while the crowd yelled.
In le«s than five minute* he waa hanging
limp end lifeless by the chains that bound
him. '
Burned at the Stake.
Before the match was applied. John
Forbes, the father of th» murdered girl,
stepped up to Alexander and paid:
"Are you guilty of murdering my daugh
ter?"
"I don't know whst you have me here
for." said the doomed man.
Forbes replied, "For killing my girl on
thin very spot."
"Mr. Forbes, if that's your name, you
have the wrong man." ,
"Burn him. burn him/." cried the crowd.
••Gentlemen, you have got lots of time,'
isaid Alexander. "You are burning an in
nocent man. You took advantage of me:
j-ou cave me no show. Can I see my
mother?"
A man In the crowd called for the moth
er of the negTO. but she was not in the
crowd. He then said: "Will you let me
Ehake hands with all of my friends."
"You have no friends In this crowd, y^u
beast." said one of the men in charge of
the nejrro; "if you have anything to say,
do so in a hurry."
Another man then stepped up and said
to Alexander. "Make your peace with
your God, nigger, for you will surely die."
Coal oil was then applied for the second
time, and while it was being done Alex
ander called to friends of his in the crowd
«jid bade them good-by. He did not seem
to realize that he was to be burned at the
ftake and talked rationally until John
Forbes, the father of the murdered girl,
lighted the match.
Confronted by the Father.
Long- before the wagon containing the
doomed man arrived at the place, a crowd
lathered. Determined men as they ap
proached carried rails and boards. The
?pot chosen for the Ftake was the exact
one on which Pearl Forbes' body _ was
found on the mornlnj? of November <. It
1* along Lawrence avenue by the Santa
Fe track and a hundred yards north of
6pruce street.
The first thine done was to plant the
railroad iron upright in the mud. This
•was madf fast to ci-ofs irons firmly bound
to the upright iron with wire. Aroun.l
the Ftak*» boards and wood was piled. To
this the man wa? drapjred and chained
In a standine position to the upright rail
road iron. Chains and Irons were wrappea
about him. with his hands still shackled,
fast to the post. Coal oil was then poured
over him and the match touched to him.
fcands Ptill shackled, and there bound to
the stake.
First Race— Marcato, Bam Howard. Si
mon D.
Second Race— Maresa, Compass. Birdie Stone.
Third Race— Lena, Lou Rey, Horton. v , _•¦/
Fourth Race— Ada N, Cousin Carrie, Merlda.
Fifth Race— Bernota. Flatterer. Bab.
Sixth Race — Owensboro, Galanthus, Bssenoe.
Sixth Race — One mile: three-year-olds and
up: selling;:
(1637)Essence 101 1634 Galanthua 88
1643 Dunblane 104 1647 Osmond loe
1634 Klckumbob ...101 (1634)Owensboro ....104
1646 Urchin .101 16S7 Astor s io«
Probable winners.
Fifth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; selltng: /
(lRlO)Tenny' Belle ..117 1622 Bernota ...';. 103
(1584)Bab 110 (l«32)Flatterer 10«
.... Redemption ...121 1628 Dandy Jim ...106
1573 Our Lizzie ....119
1638)Lltmua 1M
1357 Invlctu* 104
1632 Ada N 106
(1836)Dar!ens 10J
Skip Me 10:
1W2 Merlda ...10?
OR14)Cousln Carrie.. 102
1610 Gaylon Brown.104
Fourth Race — Futurity course! three-year
olds; selling:
Third Race— One and an elg-hth miles; four
year-olds and up; selling:
(l«22lHorton ..104 1628 Lena 101
(1635)Lou Rey 104
Second Bace— Futurity course; three-year-old
fillies: nelltnfr:
1«« Mamie HUdr'h.lOT 1883 Alzura 107
ifiSO Birdie Stone. ..107 15SS Marena 107
1469 Trate ....107 (1277)Moonbrlght ...112
.... Compass ......112
for the ttK<v) TJssak handicap, to be run
Saturday. January 19: .
Advance Guard 1?S Handlearpw ino
V>Mivtan l?s TTerculenn \\m
1?3 Oreat Bend ino
Tillo 120 MacGyle 99
Odnuntr ll»|Kln(? Carnival 9S
Eddie .Tones 11« Sam Fullen »«
>n*r1sa Ill *"ln»t Tenor 9S
\fodrlne 11B Telamon 97
Tayon US nara of Avon 95
Vellnwtnll US T?*b 95
V. TV. Brodft ;...11R Morte-aire 95
£fron*ter ...-. 114 Plr Kingston 95
The iAdy ;.uj CJoldohe „... 95
Oonfalon US Silver Bullion 95
Vulealn 113 Sea Uon 95
Autumn 11? Jerld 95
Th<» Fretter 112 Imp. Babbler 95
noMne Boer HOlSIr Hamilton 95
Ornmore U0|Oold Badge <x>
John A. Morris lUVTyr 90
Formero no r\>urar 90
TVonster Boy 107 Poynta 90
Bathos 107 Silver Fiza 90
Oolden Age 107 Alleviate 90
Fiorlzar .'....1W TVillle Welthoff 90
¦Rnsoromonde 105 My Gypsy ««
Macy ..ins V«1n *s
Tmp. Broadbrim ins Mithrldates 85
Snecinc 104 Tilt us
r>wen«horr» 103 Flfonse 85
Joe Frey 10? Bonitary ...,; $5
.Torsln* lm A!1p<» TV>u*herty »!>
Beau Ormonde 1W ("tartaltne 85
Prejudice 100 Miss Betsy Stanley. 80
, Winners of other than a selling purse after
weights are announced to carry 5 pounds extra.
One mile.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Tlace— Six furlongs: four-year-olds and
ur>: aMllnsr:
1«?fi THorlnel « ....If| 1C21 Sam Howard. .101
1FM ft. Anthony... 101 1B24 Snry Lark ....102
IRIS Simon .D ......104 1624 Abbyleix L .. 99
1642 Marcato 104'
BY in E. -MULHOLLAND.
The Judiciary committee of the Senate
announced to-night that a bill would be
prepared making death the penalty for
murder and also for rape in cases where
££& K as u T d - , The bin n without a
doubt be made a law within a few days
"The death penalty must be > re
stored in Kansas and then things of
this kind will not happen. I am go
ing to do all I can to restore the
death penalty, and I think that this
awful happening will bring the legis
lators to the same opinion."
"The Sheriff is to blame, and no
body else. I could not very well send
the troops there in the face of the
repeated assurances of the Sheriff
that they were not needed and not
wanted. Of course, I would have sent
them anyway if I had known the real
facts, notwithstanding the assur
ances of the Sheriff, or I should have
ordered Warden Tomlinson to \ hold
the prisoner a short time longer. But
it is done now, and to the fair State
of Kansas belongs . the disgrace.
"The Sheriff of Leavenworth Is
either a despicable scoundrel or a
coward," said the Governor to-night.
"There was no reason in the world
that the negro should not have been
protected to the last. The whole mili
tary power of the State would have
been devoted to that effort and the
Sheriff knew it all the time.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Jan. 15.— Governor
Stanley is very indignant at the result of
the lynching at Leavenworth this after
noon, he says It will result in the resto
ration of the death penalty in Kansas, as
it should do. The Governor condemns
Sheriff Everhardy or Leavenworth In un
measured terms. He says the Sheriff
should be made to make suitable retribu
tion if such a thing would be possible. ,
the State of Kansas.
Declares tfce Lynching: a Disgrace to
GOV. STANLEY INDIGNANT.
About 9 o'clock the Coroner's iury and
two police officers went and frot the re
mains, taking them to an undertaklne es
tablishment. The Coroner's Jury has been
named, but the Inquest will not be held
for a few days.
The remains were viewed by thousands
and up to the time they were taken away
cqrr'aees and vehicles were continuously
passing by the soot. Xn expressions of
regret were heard from any source.
The Sheriff was taken sick; during the
excitement at the Countv Jail and Is now
confined to his bed. Admittance to the
room is denied, and a statement from him
to-pieht is unobtainable. The Sheriff
nsked the Governor for the State militia
by telephone, and the Governor replied
that he would send the militia, but would
require a written request or a telepraph
message. This, for some reason, was not
done. There was no reauest made for
protection byUn'ted States troops from
Fort Iyeavenworth. The Sheriff upon re
oupstinp the delivery of Alexander to him
said he thoupht he would be able to nro
tect the life of the prisoner, and the War
den upon this assurance turned him over.
"Received from J. B. Tomlinson. War
den of Kansas State Penitentiary, the
body of one Fred Alexander, ¦who has
been in the custody of said Warden for
53 fe keepine since 10 p. m.. January 12,
1901. I hereby represent to said Tomlinson
that T am prepared to protection to
the life and body of said Alexander
eerainst mob violence to the full extent of
the potvers vested ln me by law.
"PETFR EVEFHATOY, Sheriff."
Continued From First Page.
HEGRO BURNED ATTHE STAKE
sisted Judge Johnson again to-day. The
all-aged stake will be run to-morrow and
pas eleven entries. The drawing is as fol
lows:
W. W. \an Arsdale's liver, and white
pointer bitch Blaise Away (Speed Away-
Dannie), with Stockdale Kennels' liver
an<l white pointer dop Cuba of Kenwood
fGlenbelgh Jr.-Stei'.a); A. Decountieux's
blue Belton English setter bitch Vrona
Cash (Count Gladstone IV-Daisy Craft).
Jrtth W. S. DaviB' black, white and tan
English setter dog Pride of Ross (Cen
cenattis Pride-Flora W); J. E. Terry's
? ra i" ?e^ and wnlte English • setter bitch
Lady (Count Gladstone IV-Peach Mark),
with Albert Betz's black, white and tan
English setter bitch Merry Heart (Me'rrv
Monarch-Sweetheart's Last): Frank Mas
key s white and black ticked English set
ter bitch I>ady Rodschaff (Ro.lschaff-Cre
sida), with R. B. Dyei"s blue Belton Eng
lish setter dog Lecoma Montez (Ring-
Diana Montez); W. W. Van Arsdale's
black, white and tan English setter bitch
¦Peach Blossom (Count Gladstone IV-
Peach Mark), with Stockdale Kennels*
black and tan pointer dog Cuba's Zep
(Cuba of Kenwood-Jaquina): C E WU
«"»'* tjlack. white and tan English "setter
d ? s .^P Hp 1 er W Wage's Sport-Isabelle
Maid), a bye.
r. T l!f 2,"""^ meeting of the Pacific Coast
Field Trials Club took place this evening
and the present officers were re-elected
by acclamation. A vote of thanks was
extended to E S. Babcock of the Coro
nado Hotel for his interest In the welfare
of the club and the arrangement of the
grounds.
j*^ ORONADO BEACH, Jan. 15.-The
ft t-eeond day of the field trials
(I . opened cloudy and much cooler
than yesterday, and the second
series in the doty left unfinished
last nig-ht was b^gun at 8 a. m.
P. D. Linvllle's Maseie P and C. E.
XVorden's Doc were first caljed for, but
tin birds were found during the heat.
Bow's Son was put down with Joe Cum
reinsr'p Boy and Cuba Zep -with Lemon
Ears, but neither brace seemed able to
locate a bevy of scattered birds, which
had been flushed by the spectators. This
concluded the second series, and the first
brace calted for in the third was Linvllle's
Maggie F and J. E. Terry's Lady, the lat
ter having shown the most consistent
work of any of the dor* «P to this time.
The first point was made by Maggie F,
who remained stanch until her handler
errired, but broke in when the bird was
flushed. Ladv then made two points in
quick succession and was steady to wing
and shot.
Dr. Daniels and Bow's Son went down
next, followed by Count's Mark and Cuba
Zep. Peach Blossom and Northern Hunt-
Trrs were then called for, and each se
cured a point on Finglec
C. K. Wilson's English setter dog Clip
per W and the Ptookdale Kennel's pointer
iVtronella were next sent off. Clipper W,
who had been up to this time off in nose,
began to show his metal, and put up the
bc*t race of the day. He exhibited great
vigilance in handling his birds and was
stanch on his points and steady to shot
and wing. During- the last half of the
heat h!s work was faultless, and seldom
is there ?<>en in a De r bv stake as fine tin
exhibition as was given by Clipper \V.
Mapgie P and Peach Blossom were then
put down and Blossom showed err^at Im
provement in nose and point work over
her previous heats. Her speed, range and
style were never in question and her point
work in this heat brought her rapidly to
the front. Mangle also showed Improved
nose and made some stylish points. At
the conclusion of this heat Lady was
railed for and was out down with Peach
Blossom, during which Lady secured a
point and the dogs were ordered up and
the winners announced as follows:
First— J. E. Terry's orange and white
Krglish Fetter bitch Lady (Count Glad
stone IV-Peach Mark). Second — W . "W.
Van Arsdale's black, white and tan Eng
lish setter bitch Peach Blossom (Count
Gladstone IV-Peach Mark). Third— P. )).
Linville's white and black ticked English
setter bitch Masrpie F (Count Gladstone
IV- Lady Rodschaff).
Lady, winner of the first, was a most
consistent performer throughout the two
days' running, and Is both t«-st and stylish
and a pood worker under a*.* conditions.
Peach Blossom is a little sister to La^1v
and Is much like her in style ard with
an equal amount of speed she is fully as
snappy In her points, but showed a lack
of nose In the opening heats. All three
of the Derbv winners were sired by Count
Gladstone IV.
C. X. Post and John M. Schumacher as-
BY O. O. HIBBARD,
tion for the Council's cup for women was
played yesterday morning on the links of
the San Francisco Golf Club, the course
being somewhat drier and faster than on
Monday. Six ladies, or three couples,
competed, the full number of eight not
having qualified. Mrs. R. Gllman Brown
beat Miss Maud O'Connor 9 up. 6 to play:
Miss Ella Morgan defeated Miss Rowe 3
up 1 to play, and Miss Alice Hager proved
victorious over Miss Caro Crockett by the
ample margin of 6 up, 5 to play.
To-day the second or semi-final rouna
will be played. Miss Hager being matched
against Miss Morgan and Mrs. R. G.
Brown having drawn the bye. The winner
of the match will play in the final round
against Mrs. R. G. Brown on some day
fixed by mutual agreement The play
vesterday, except in the case of Miss Mor
gan, who made the highest score (152) in
the qualifying round, resulted as the
medal play scores on Monday rendered
probable. Mrs. R. G. Brown, whose quali
fying score was 115, defeated Miss O Con
nor, who made 14S en Monday, and Miss
Hager. whose score was 136. defeated Miss
Caro Crockett, whose score was 138. Miss
Morgan, on the other hand, defeated Miss
Rowe. whose qualifying score of HI was
eleven strokes better. Miss Rowe was not
playing her usually good game on the put
ting green. : ,
LADIES COMPETE FOR
THE COUNCIL'S CUP
The opening round of the third competl-
NO recall flag was used when Hat
tie Jones of Emeryville. Cal.. was
married to Francis Joseph Des
mond of 5 Seventh street last
night in the boudoir apportioned
to "Cupid" Danforth of the marriage li
cense office.
Miss Jones is the daughter of Humphrey
J. Jones, father of Eddie Jones, the fa
mous jockey. Last evening Jones senior
sent for "Cupid" Danforth and a Justice
of the Peace. Judge Joachlmsen respond
ed, and after a short delay at the City
Hall police station, under the watchful
eye of Sergeant John Duncan, the couple
proceeded to Danforth's office.
Eddie Jones supported his sister. His
father saw that things went all right, and
after Judge Joachlmsen adjusted his cap
and prouounce-i the couple husband ana
wife Mr. Jones went away with th.em The
groom was a little bit "frustrated, but
the bride bora her honors with becoming
meekness. .
It is said that the couple only knew
each other a week, and their meeting was
in the shadows of Mount Diablo, where
Desmond is employed as head butcher at
the Tesla coal mines. The bride - s father
had but little to say as to the necessity or
the hasty summoning of the license clerk
and the Justice of.the Peace.
Cupid Danforth. under the trying cir-
Clipper W Gives a Splendid Exhibition, but Is Not
So Consistent a Performer.
LADY, TERRY'S ENGLISH SETTER,
WINS THE SECOND DERBY SERIES
THE SAN FEANCiSCO 'CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1901.
Wedding, With Father and Brother
Present, Ends Week's Wooing.
EDDIE JONES' SISTER
IS HASTILY MARRIED
GUSTO RUNS CIRCULES
AROUND SAM FULLEN
Winner Is Well Backed at Odds of
25 to 1-Four Choices Downed.
4
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE_TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Visror
to Hen.
A Free Trial Package Sent toy MaH
. to All Who Write. •
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are beinp mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured bo many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
nhyslcal suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packapes to all who write. It Is a
home treatment, ana all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
in*? from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly »miteful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location.- giving strength
and development Just where It la needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 323 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
Mrous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to Bee how easy It is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the propeT remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will be
cent** free sample, carefully sealed ln a
plain package, so that Its recipient need
nave no fear, of embarrassment or public-
ity. Headers are requested to write with-
out delay.
m
A visit OR- JORDAN'S orcat*
tNUSEUM OF ANATOHY?
9 G& uaiusnssx.to.eatf&.a.r.cai.A
\ XJT TMUiwitAMfiaHi ¦ lath* \
A jt . Woftd. WMisctHi a* any contracted A
51 1 SSW «*««»'« pe«lti«n-l» tmrt>* by the eldeit T
S> IS t|l &peei«liieeaU*Co«tt. EM.jiymi% Q
A j wWl Cft. JQR0AM-PRIYA7E DISEASES $
X »^f®%3 Commltmtlon ft»c »nd itrictir prtr»t«. \
Q I iSwf a T « nment penontUy or by letter. A A
\ ¦ 1 tIh '^* Jv >* O>miaeftrjtMMtmaett»kta. \
AT, 11* Write for book. PBII.OSOPMV./1
W • l]« M4JIRIACE, UAIUO F>U. (Af
X i VL »«l"*bl« book tot meat \
9 OB. ioBDAH * «•.. 1081 Market »t.. a 9. f
DR.MEYERS&CO.
Specialists, Disease ySp?* <a
and weakness of iSSt& " ' -J
men. Establishod T&tJ '
1S81. Consultation Vy&i X^/^^A
and private book \fSfo l^«Al
frei*. at oijlce or by n3i«lJ £&«* ¦
malL Cures cuar- tewl.L &&*?*£*
anteed. 7ti 1 Mar- K*W^»ffi5ilKi3
Ket atreet (.elevator 1^*1§MMB
entrance), San '^>«\jFsB^L
I One Thousand' Physicians Testify that
Is the Bept Natural Laxative Water Known to Medical Science.
0 Dr. William AAHammond, New York,
X Professor of Diseases of the Mind and Nervous System ln the University of the City of
6 Kew York, writes: "The Hunyudi Junoi Water Is, according to mr eiperiencei tho
S most pleasant and. efficient of all pnrsatlTe mineral waters, and I have no hesitation In
.V recommendinB it to the Medical Profesuion." ¦_¦.'..:'¦
I For Constipation, Torpid Liver and Obesity.
O No Medicine In the World Compare* with "HUNYADI-JANOS."
0 ¦'.-....-¦
t Look n. T Tfl^,.¥^. 7 ' on D 2f (Ie ', \fi~llFor The Full K*me.
J ** vw **» Blue with Red Centre Panel. | X/Slll " Htxnyadi-JANOS."
AD V ¦EJjTT.SKMENTS.
B. KATSCHINSKI, |
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. f
10 Third St.. San Francisco. u
PRICES GUT TO PIECES! I
W» are thoroughly in earnest and te- H
tend to dispose of all our broken lines H
beforo stock taking. This week Ladies'. H
Misses' and Children's SPRTNO-HEEl* 2
BUTTON SHOES, cloth, kid and rest- I
Ing tops, square and coin toes and tips. I
vie! kid and patent leather, will b« C
sold cheaper than old one* could be re. I
paired. y
Child's sixes. 3 to n BJle a
Misses' Mlxex. 11«4 to 2. T5o 9
Ladles' sizes. ZH to < 85c H
Widths C to EE. We hare every g!«» r
ln some style, but not all sizes ln every b
style. H
INFANTS' and CHI L- «TMgWWgi tt
DREN'S VICI KID W5>^rpT| U
BUTTON SHOE^?.wlth BV^V?*?I Sj
cloth tops, turned soles «^&i f!
and square toes and Jk&j!E&*&i\ 1
Infant's sizes. I
Child's sizes, <(^*T *~jJir~*m.+ N
heels, widths B to Eg . . . ..ftQp \
TOOTHS' and BOYS' CAXjrgKTV B
LACE SHOES, broken lots, reduced to i
T5c: sixes 11 to IS and 5 ind r£ I
The sale of b-mken line* of IaAHTSST il
SHOES at f 1.35 still contlnuesT?^?. N
merty sold from S3 to fi tj
We do not gnaraate* to mi country ||
orders. . , j
None of the«# bargaraa win b« sold II
retail shoe dealers. H
NOTICB— This store close* at • p. m. if
week days and 11 p. m. Bararday and «
will continue to close at those hoara. ]
PROVIDED AXX. OTHER SHOE t
BTORIJ "WTLL. DO THE SAMS. ¦
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. §
10 THIRD ST. San Francisco. |
DB. W059 WOO TIA AWD HIRB 8A5ITARITI1L
784-7M CLAT 8TBSIT. Aalun *
Kfi5fffr» To all whom It may concern -
I In December, 1S39, I was taken
feP 3 iIck wlth Blac k Typhoid Ferer.
P7, 9 the most virulent type known to
¦ *b*^k medical science. I had h-m..r-
Ji«®7v^ rha^es. botb na.«al and int-stl-
ftf%fci®$LXf "a', eleht of the latter orcur-
'WWiiM* Woo, the eminent Chinese phy*
siclan. waa called, and with on« dose of his
tea stopped the flow of blood, thereby saving
my life, aa I had been Riven up by my white
physician, as well as by all my friends. Waa
unconscious four weeks, but by Dr. Won*; Woo's
wonderful skill he saved my life from this moat
fatal of all fevers. Although I waa confined to
my bed three months, waa able to resume my
vocation In six months from the tim» I went to
bed, and now I weigh 203 pounds, more than I
had ever attained previously. I would cheerfully
recommend Dr. Wong Woo to any one in need
of a first-class physician for any cause whatso-
ever.— RALPH N. FOLKS. »15 Golden Gata
avc.. Ban Francisco. CaL
• ll^jT INJECTION.
i; A PERMANENT CURE
> of tha most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea
? , aad Gleet, rnaranteed ln from 3 to O
5 ' days : no other treatment required.
s \ Sold by all droggiirts. t
I>'DTTC''tJ17Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
jDXlU OljL£iO ers > bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, earners,
dyer*. tUmrmills, foundriaa. laundries, paper'
hangers, . printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCttA^Aft BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento SiMinister Loomis' dispatch indicates that
the Crespo Government is continuing its
policy of antagonism to foreigners hav
ing rights recognized by the Andrade Gov
ernment. The revolution, which seems to
have broken out; again, is caused bv
adherents of Andrade who were scattered
through the country by police of Crespo
The vessels that were seized were oper
ated on the Orinoco River.
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET
N. W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— Great
Britain now has grievance against Ven
ezuela, as shown in a statement made
public by the State Department to-day.
"The Department of State," the circular
says, "has received a cablegram from
Caracas to the effect that the Venezuelan
authorities at Bolivia have seized two
steamers of the Orinoco Shipping I and
Trading Company for use against the rev
olutionists. It Is understood that this
company is English,* although an Ameri
can is president of it and Americans own
a good deal of stock in the company The
vessels, however, fly the English flag"
The seizures have probably been
brought to the attention of the London
Government, and the United States is
*hTf"ncfdent InltlatiVe °' ° reat Brltaln In
Special Diepatch to The Call
Great Britain Has Another
Grievance Against
AGAIN SEIZE
BRITISH SHIPS
BUTTE, Mont., Jan. 15.— Announcement
of the engagement of William A. Clark
Jr., youngest son of Senator W. A. Clark,
and Miss Mabel Foster of Butte has been
made public. According to the stories of
the young man's friends the engagement
Is the climax of an Interesting bit of ro
mance.
Young Clark Is but 23 years of age and
since his graduation from the law depart
ment of the University of Virginia two
years ago he has been engaged in the
practice of law in this city as one of the
attorneys of his millionaire father. He
has not been in society much, and when It
became known that he had become en
gaged to Miss Foster there was much sur
prise and not a little speculation, as the
couple had never been seen in public to
gether. The romance was explained to
day. Last Thanksgiving day Mr. Clark
threw open the home of his father to a
public party given to the children of the
city. Among the guests were Miss Fos
ter and her parents. Young Clark met
her for the first time. The. first oppor
tunity he had he made an avowal of love
and a proposal of » marriage. In answer
to the younp lady's modest protests the
young man declared that he had watched
and loved her for more than a year, and
had longed for many months for the
chance to tell her so.' The young- lady
took the matter under advisement and
In time gave her answer, the result of
which is the announcement of their en
gagement.. A. brilliant reception in cele
bration of -the/ event has been given. The
match has,' it -Is said, the full approval of
the young man's father.
: The marriage will probably take place
after the lenten season and the young
people will make an extended tour of
Europe, after which they will probably
occupy Senator Clark's house, in New
York. Young Mr. Clark, although he has
about $5,000,000 in his own name, will con
tinue the practice of law. In Butte he .Is
the lawyer for the poor people, as he
never accepts a fee from those who can
not afford to pay It. Miss Foster is 18
years of age and the youngest daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. John W." Foster, prominent
old-timers of Montana, of moderate cir
cumstances. ; ' She Is ,'handsome < and > ac
complished and a great favorite in society.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Senator Clark's Son Hero of
Interesting Bit of
MILLIONAIRE WILL
WED POOR GIRL
PETALUMA Jan 15—The body of William
Martin, drowned In Upper llattole River. Hum
boldt County, arrived here last night and was
interred to-day with Masonic ceremonies
NEW YORK, Jan. 15, 1901.— The Mutual
Life Insurance Company of New York has
made to Its representatives throughout the
United States and Canada a prellmlnary
announcement as to its business on this
continent during the year 1900. As usual
it leads aJl other companies in assets, in
come earned, amount paid to policy hold
ers, new premiums (Including: annuities).
Interest and rents received and in volume
of paid-for new business, excluding im
paired and vicious risks, which It does not
accept. Accumulated funds available for
security are greatly In excess of those
held by any other company. Bond and
mortgage loan account, the most impor
tant in the assets of a life company is
larger than that of any other similar In
stitution. The Mutual Life Is still the pre
eminent company.
The Lion's Share.
y|—^ ENTER, Colo., Jan. 15.— Hon.
Thomas M. Patterson was to-day
II elected United States Senator to
H JJ succeed Edward O. Wolcott. The
ballot, taken by both branches
of the Legislature in separate session at
noon, resulted as follows: Senate — Thomas
M. Patterson, fusion candidate, 33; Ed
ward O. Wolcott, Republican, 1; absent, 1.
House— Patterson. 5J>; Wolcott, 7.
To-morrow the Senate and House will
meet in joint session to ratify the action
of the separate sessions.
BOISE. Idaho. Jan. 15.— At noon to-day
the Legislature elected Fred T. Dubois
United States Senator to succeed George
L. Shoup: The vote fast for him included
all but two of the fusion votes' in both
houses and he had a majority In each
branch. The Republicans voted for Sen
ator Shoup and the two dissenting fuslon
ists, both Democrats, for Judge J. G.
Rich of the Fifth District. Tb« vote was
as fojlows: Senate — Dubois, 13; Ehoup, 7;
Rich, 1. House— Dubcls, 2S; Shoup, 20;
Rich. 1.
HELENA, Mont.. Jan. 15.— William A,
Clark of Butte lacked one vote of the
number required to elect him to the
General Brabant while addressing a con
ference of Mayors at Cape Town said the
authorities w.ere anxious to keep the war
away from Cape Town if : possible, but
that the only . hope' of doing this lay in
tending 10,000 men to the front. He urged
that no precaution should be omitted to
prevent the enemy from" advancing far
ther south. .-,..,-
General Paget has taken his force to
Pretoria to reflt. Many of the men are
suffering from enteric fever. Three hun
dred Boers captured a small British con
vov at Bronkhurst Spruit, near Pretoria,
but made off .after liberating the prison
ers.
Indications are not wanting that the
decision of the Government to send rein
forcements has not been taken a moment
too soon. Colonel Colvllle's mobile col
umn, which has been pursuing the Boers,
has been obliged to rest at Greylingstad,
to erect a blockhouse and to cease opera
tions until reinforced by mounted troops.
LONDON, Jan. 16.— The casualty list
shows that there has been a severe en
gagement, with a loss of bix killed, seven
teen wounded and five, missing, at Mur
raysburg, whore the Dutch are said to
have been joining the invaders. . Murrays-
Lurg is sixteen miles west of Graafrelnet.
British Must Send More
Men to Prevent Invasion
of Cape Colony.
TEN THOUSAND
TROOPS NEEDED
TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 15.— At a caucus
of the fusion members of the Legislature
to-night David Overmyer, a Topeka law
yer, was nominated for United States
Senator. ..Vi
The vote In the House was delayed by
crowds surging on the floor, making it
necessary for Speaker Marshall to appeal
to the Mayor for police aid. The ser
geant at arms telephoned to the police
station, and during the wait for the police
the officers of the House made another
unsuccessful effort to disperse the crowd.
When order was finally restored in the
House, the vote was taken and Quay re
ceived a majority. This insures his elec
tion. To-morrow both houses will meet
In joint session and ratify the choice.
BOSTON. Jan. 15.— George Frisbie Hoar
was re-elected to-day in both Senate and
House of the Massachusetts Legislature
to succeed himself in the United States
Senate for the term commencing March
4, 190L The vote In the Senate was 29 for
Hoar and 8 for Richard Olney. One
Democratic Senator voted for Hoar. The
vote of the House was 169 for Hoar 43
for Olney and one for Charles H. Brad
ley, Social Democrat. Four Democrat'^
members of the House voted for Hoar.
CONCORD, N. H., Jan. 15.— Both
houses of the Legislature to-day voted
for United States 3enator to succeed
Senator William S. Chandler. In the Sen
ate the vote was— Henry E. Burnham (R.),
22; Charles F. Stone (D.). 1. In the House:
Burnham, 279; Stone, i3; Henry M. Baker
(Ind.), 1.
Both houses In joint convention to
morrow will ratify tha election.
United States Senate to-day. The first
ballot for Senator was taken at noon by
both Senate and House. Two members,
Senator Hobson (Rep.) and Representa
tive Gregory (Rep.), were absent. Clark
received 34 votes In the House, lacking
one of a majority, and 13 in the Senate,
where he had a majority of three. There
were thirty Republicans in the Senate and
House and they voted for Senator" Thomas
H. Carter for the long term and former
Senator Lee Mantle of Butte for the
short term. Ten Labor men in the House
voted solidly for A E. Spriggs for the
long term, while three of the four Inde
pendent Democrats voted for Major Mar
tin Maginnis of Helena. Had the vote
been in joint session to-day Mr. Clark
would have been elected, as he received
a majority of the votes cast.
For the shot term, Mantle (R.), re
ceived the entire Republican strength.
H. L. FVank of ButUs received ten votes,
while the others wero scattering.
The Legislature comoleted balloting- at
1 o'clock and adjourned until 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning. A joint ballot will
be taken to-morrow at noon, ' but In th<3
meantime the two absent Republican
members are expected to arrive.
HARRISBURG. Pa., Jan. 15.— Th« State
Senate to-day at 3 o'clock selected Col
onel M. S. Quay as its choice for Senator.
The ballot was as follows:
Quay, 26; Guffey (D.). 12; Dalzell (An
ti-Quay Republican), 10- Huff and Smith,
1 each.
The following Californians are in New
York: From San Francisco— W. G. Mc-
Carthy, at Earlington: R. Heynemann. at
Plaza; C. O. Richards, at Murray Hill.
From Oakland— R. H. Hammond, at St.
Denis. .
Joseph G. Steftord, a marine atached
to Company C in the Brooklyn Navy
Yard, was killed in a barroom on the
Bowerv this morning: by the bartender,
John Henry of Brooklyn, but who, the
police say, Is Joseph Roberts of this city.
Stefford was in the saloon drinking: and
became boisterous, praised the Irish and
condemned the Americans. The barten
der was angered and a fight followed.
Roberts struck the marine above the left
ear and killed him instantly. Roberts es
caped.
Californians in New York.
The committee on site appointed by the
Alumni Association of the United States
Naval Academy has conferred with the
Municipal Art Commission as to the loca
tion of the naval arch. Neither the site
on Riverside drive nor that on the Bat
tery was definitely decided upon. Colonel
William C. Church of the Army and Navy
Journal said: "We aregoing to have an
arch, no matter what any one says."
The arch in all probability will be ex
actly like the one temporarily erected In
Madison square and Fifth avenue. The
$200,000 already collected will be turned
over to the new committee.
Murder of a Marine.
The first under-the-sea telephone, built
according to the invention of Dr. Michael
Pupin, is to be laid between Florida and
Cuba for the United States Government
by the buyer of the patent, the Bell Tel
ephone Company. Last July Dr. Pupin.
having secured his patents here and
abroad, offered his discovery to the Amer
ican Telephone and Telegraph Company.
The company Immediately bought an op
tion on the Invention, extending to Jan
uary 1, 1901. Then, under Dr. Pupln's
direction, the company equipped a line
from Bedford station, on the Harlem Rail
road, which ran partly under water, to
New Bedford,' Mass., thence to Albany
and on to Plttsbiirjr. There the wire ran
overland, the coils were placed at inter
vals of about two miles and were enclosed
In glass insulators on the poles. The test
was so satisfactory that about two weeks
before the option expired the company
paid the money and closed the contract
with Dr. Pupin.
Location of If aval Arch.
"What we want," said the Bishop! "is
good, pure tenement houses on which the
union labels of morality have been
placed. The only piece of advice I gave
to those who came to me when the com
mittee of fifteen was appointed was that
at least two representatives of labor
should be placed on the committee, and
that the committee should recognize all
classes. We have Initiated this crusade
not for the crushing 1 out of vice; but for
the triumph of virtue."
Under the Sea Telephone. *
The Bishop then read an extract from a
newsp'aper describing the settlement of
the East Side bakers' strike, and how the
men stood outside of the strikers' head
quarters and shouted to the passersby
that the strike had been settled, and that
hereafter the people would get good, pure
and clean bread, on which union labels
had been placed.
"We may undoubtedly do' a great deal
In civic matters and make vice less In
decent, less insolent. The mere suppres
sion is not essential. Nothing has Im
pressed me more during the last three
months than the efforts of the metropolis
to make Itself a more decent city." '
"The subject for the evening is 'After
Suppression— What?' and I suppose I must
say something' as to title. I confess
that if I had the authority of prescribing:
the subject I should change It to read
'The Anti-Vice Crusade; Before Suppres
sion — What?' for I have grave doubts as
to the immediate suppression of vice, and
I have met many who are equally doubt
ful.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— Bishop Potter
presided at a meeting of the Get Together
Club In Brooklyn last night, and In the
course of his opening remarks, said:
Bishop Potter Not Confident
as to Immediate
ouppressum.
Advocates the Placing of Two Repre
sentatives of Labor Upon the
Purity Committee of
Fifteen.
GRAVE DOUBTS
CONCERNING VICE
OFFICERS FIND
THE QUARRY DEAD
French Criminal Commits
Suicide When Pursuers
Surround Him.
Xill» One Man Who Tries to Ap
proach and Holds His Fort
Against Great Odds for
Four Days.
JjO'SDO'S, Jan. 15— A special from
Troves, France f-iiys: An army officer
end a commissary of police at 7 o'clock tins
morr.irg decided to enter the house at
Eaint Savtne. of the man Coquard, who.
lest Friday, when pursued by the pollcr
shut himself in the trarret with a quantity
of arms ar.d amrminition and threatened
to kill ar.y "ne who xpproachexl. Thev
found the house emptv and proceeded to
the tarn, where, surrounded by soldiers
W.th loaded ri3es, they forced the win
dows open tLnd finallv found th© body of
Coquard har.crlr.g- in the garret. He "had
cJeo fired a gun under his chin, the shot
emerging from an eye. It was apparent
that Cocuard committed suicide vester
day.
Thursday Coquard killed one of th© offi
cers who tried to enter the house.
Maine's Staff Volunteers.
Several members of the medical and
nursing staffs of the American hospital
ship Maine (which arrived at Southamp
ton en Jar.uary 13 from China), have vol
unteered for further service In the event
of the Maine again going out to China in
the hospital service. They will enjoy a
fihort holiday before pcir.g to the United
States.
Duchess Thrown From Horse.
The Duchess of Marlboroug-h fConsuelo
Vandcrbllt). while hunting with Hevthorp
hounds yesterday, was thrown from her
horse while clearinsr a fence. The horse
rolled over her. but the escaped with
nothing worse than a severe shaking 1 up.
Damaged in Collision.
The British steamer Appomattox. from
Xewpcrt News. Jar.uar" 1. for this port.
has arrived here with bows damasred oy
collision off Gravesenl with the British
steamer Plover, outward bound from Rot
terdam. The Plover was damaged on the
starboard Fide amidships and was run
eshore and filled with water.
MINISTER BRYAN IS
SEVERELY REBUFFED
His Colleagues in the Diplomatic
Corps at Hio ds Janeiro Rsmain
Away From Banquet.
HIO DE JANEIRO. Jan. 15.-Charles
Page Bryan. American Minister to Brazil,
has suffered a Severe rebuff at the hands
of his colleagues in the diplomatic corps.
Mr. Bryan offered a banquet to the re
cently chosen Governor of Rio Janeiro
and invitations were pent to all the lead
ing officials and others of the city. He
said that all the foreign Ministers would
assist at the affair. The banquet was
held, but none of the other Ministers from
foreign countries were present. It was
explained unofficially that they had re
mained away because they had not au
thorized Mr. Bryan to announce that they
would assist.
Mr. Bryan Is reported to be seriously
at odds with the Argentine Minister also,
in consequence of his attempt to obtain
'•'evatloa of Brazilian duties on Argentine
Sour.
HAVE SIGNED AGREEMENT.
But Joint Note Has Not Been Be
turned to Foreign Envoys.
BERLIN*. Jan. 15.— The German Foreign
OfSce has received official dispatches con-
BsmlBg the press reports that the Chinese
plenipotentiaries have signed the agree
ment, but has received nothing' to Indi
cate trhether the note has been returned
to the foreign envoys.
Selections by Legislatures in Various States
of the Union.
PATTERSON WILL SUCCEED
WOLCOTT IN THE SENATE
THE SA3f FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1901.
SENATOR-ELECT THOMAS M. PATTERSON.
'¦WOODLAND, Jan. 15.— The i Hardware As
sociation -will convene here on Wednesday and
be In session two days. Many of th« mem
bers have already arrived.
Guns for Puget Sound.
SEATTLE. Jan. 15.— The Ordnance- De
partment of the. United States Is continu
ing Its large shipment of ; heavy, guns for
the coast defenses of Puget Sound,
"WICHITA, Kans., Jan. 15.— To-day
quarantine was declared off at the County
Jail and Mrs. Carrie Nation, charged with
smashing saloon fixtures, was released on
$200 ball. Her trial has been reset for
next Monday.. Vt9ftS&€g&S!H
Mrs. Nation Released.
SEATTLE, Jan. Id.— According to Ori
ental advices received to-day by mall the
Universal Gazette claims to have news
to the effect that the rebellion' In Kansuh
is'well under way. It: Is said that.45.000
Mohammedans have raised the standard
and declared definitely against the Man
chu dynasty. Soma days ago a rumor
was ¦ floating about that the court had
decided- to come back to Tal-Tuan owing
to a Mohammedan rebellion. .
Against the Manchu I>ynasty.
Forty-Five Thousand Mohammedans
BEBELLION WELL UNDER WAY.
5
I WILL PLAGE ON SALE
g
1 RAINY -DAY SKIRTS, former price $5.00, marked
.0 down to - m $3.00
I FINE IMPORTED PLAIDS, 50 inches wide, value for
g $2.50, willfbe closed out at 50c Yard
g BLACK IRON FRAME ALPACA, 46 inches wide, value
g for $1.25, will be offered at • .50c Yard
1 LADIES' SEALETTE JACKETS, trimmed with Chin-
2 chilla, value for $15.00, will be offered at $7.50
§ LADIES' TAILOR-MADE JACKETS, value for $5.00,
g will be placed on sale at $2.50
g LADIES' AUTOMOBILES, in tan shades, value for
p $i5-°°> will be placed on sale for . . . - $7.50
g LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in blouse and' double-
g breasted Etons, material neat checks and stripes, value
g for $15.00; will be offered at $7.50
0 In addition to the above inducements we will place on
g sale a special purchase of 75 LADIES' COLORED SILK
g UNDERSKIRTS, latest styles, exquisite designs, prices
0 ranging from $15.00 to $40.00.
% SUITS MADE TO ORDER. PERFECT FIT
1 GUARANTEED OR MONEY REFUNDED.
I 1146 Market St,
THESE AND MANY OTHER f
SPEGlAE. SAL.ES TO— DAY a I
After-stock-taking "clean-up" sales in almost every department of the big store. If there are any goods that you 'J
need in the list given below, you can buy them now at from one-quarter to one-half less than regular prices. Jt
After-Stock-Taking Price- Kirk's Juvenile Soap 5
Cutting in Many Box 3 Cakes 25c. 5
S9 ' The ba'ance of our immense purchase cf this finest of toilet soaps at bnt V
Departments. ' l±e moTz than haIf ics . rcal raluc - Thc ? m the i^rgo size S
cakrs. Our regular price 45c — epecial price to-day and f&fRf% j.
Mo<t liberal reductions to effect the tyiedy clear- baW of if ™" yl^' w|1 box ' ¦ : S g
ance of these various lines of good reliable mer- Groceries and Liquors i
chandisi. Half a "Do^en Important Wednesday Sales. ;?
«># "">* 1 " »* '1 r 1' 1 1 pl • • j • j Best Drv Granulated Suar, to-day, V
Sh°nts — Made of good standard Sheeting and priced [.Sy:-- 1^^ lit ih £1 OO*
now at Jefs than mi'l cost oi material — P 5 'ft , "(5jlj 1 _ '** '*™L" " * " 11" * " " " " L'*L , ;£ 5*"
<4*9«nch Sheets.,.. 3©o Sixjo-'nch Sheets. ...«•-» .$ MoTHERS SrOOialSaloMotha*'* Brand Jt
6 3 *9D-inch Sheets.. 4Pl4o 90x90^1 Sh««s . ; . . 56 0 |5Tl^-.- i StOtntBd OatS-A UliaonM- *
7 «93-:nch Sheets.... 46o Wi #>J> f«t mush, that ielh regnlariir for ice package,
, -»-ww i^.j 2J3?S to-day and dunng week, while supply of 1500 .>•;
25o Ribbons 14? a yar«f-Pr«.y fancy Rib- WW^ ¦.«^a»iS^c!SZS'" F af^ %
. bons, •} to 3J4 inccet wid;. worth from aoc to 25c a )ard, the v'^'JfpUSlfDOAti/ • to-day tOO *
¦ ad Vane OS* spring S tylBS, just received from France. N^^^^^.i Seeded RaYsfn's "— ' Melro»V'Brand,
"- ¦ ' * ~ best quality, package IQo 3*
Picture Frsm^S One-Thlrti O/f— Leather Du fly's Ms It WhfshCy— For medicinal pnrpoKt, Kgdaxlr j
photo frames, ova'., circular or square, cabinet and • Paris panel sixes, 85c bottle, to-day 73 O J
with pretty sterling silver omamenrt, also genuine gold leaf Florentine PtsrgtMndy — A good tab'e wine, to-day, gallon 65O M
"' frames in card, cab : net and Pan's panel slzea. . . Matt Extfact — Wyeth's, none better, regularly 15c bottie, to- &
day, per dozen $2.53 %
Framed Plnlssres Onv-QusMer Off — 5»
Hundreds of nice pictures framsd in evrfy possible ¦ style, plain and &h3jfflS F*3iBI*. M
ro'.orel l'gbt photograph?, platinot\-p«, carbon, water colon, engrav- . » . . . „, , X
ing?, etrhingf, auto- vpes, etc. , " A small lot ( 1 50 pan), h:msotched, statnpeJ Shams, made of Tery $
• ¦ fine cambric, with two rows cf hemstitching and stamped in floral S
Lao* Curtains fMTffrftw-odd pairs ju, SgSg*^ '^Sj^^SS^^^, |
I or 2 pairs o f a kind left from various lots, if you can use single pairs quantity lasts 5
j ou will save half this week; pricr 8 per pair. •••» j^
'. SOc, 75c, $1.QO. $1.50 .- n -a 0% .~.*v «*• 2
Pompadour Combs IQc. *
Flanntrf Sale — Three lines of feasonable first quality 600 Ladies* Shell Pompadour Combs. •
goods, suitab'e for wrapper 5 , waist?, pajamas, night gowns, etc. — well finished, assorted siz;s, regular value, .^<3jv •*
ioc heavv woven eolored Tennis Flannels, best prade, yard. 7}iO 20c each, afier-jtock-taking „-» fZP^&'-^&K £
?oc Polar Mottled -Flannels, very serviceable fabric, yard He price S fUl G '*^K^&^^^\ t^ H
ioc printed Wrapper Flannels, a large a-'sortmsnt, yard 7}ic k S
Clear Havana Cigars-7 toe 25c, balance or f 5c VeiiingSc Yd. J
thr 20.000 lot which we closed out Irom an Eastern jobhtr, fine, Big after-. tock-taking sale ot 18-mch all- \ • -^ -J
e'ear, Havana gooJs at the same price that we sell ordinary 5c cigars !lkTuit!o Veilings, with chenille or f-^r.' ( fS^^ "5
f or> " plain mesh, in black, trown, navy, mag- \1*/" ' .-¦ *S&3s %
pie and beige, 2000 yards of this pretty -i ' *^
Ladle*' N°«k W r>ar at Half-J*o». scarf,, T^^^^t^ |
neck pufb, late hrliu', ;tcck collars and band bows, a arge a5sor:ment af( j SC "^"-^ «
of eddsand ends resulting from a big season's je'Iing. ' < jj
Biq Houte Furnishing Sate— Dozens of use- 'EU Aiter-St-ck-Tukinz Sale %
ful attxles at from one-quarter to one-thud Irs^ than regular prices — Latil%S £313 ii IwIJSSSS SttOCSm 3*
6 5 c Cocoa Door Mats, 49c: $1-5° Carpath-an Trays, Q3c; 15c Lattins* S2.5O VMsi Kid ShoOS-L*™ or button, cloth £
Cake Gndd «, tCC, etc., etc. and k;d med ; um week Qnly .%
Sanatory Syringes, $1.20— & specia'ly MisseK*$U35Shoes'-\ r \c\'k\^
boueht lot, guaranteed to be as good quality as any |z. 50 ladi-s* syringe leather tips, spring herls, worth from S1.35 to $1.50^- *%*% 5
on th- market. per pair, sizes 1 1^3 to 2, this week %5f .09 ]t
January "Gleato-Ulp" &&i©&-~-GBoaks, Suits, I
MililMGFy ®Md Musim Wear. :i
We think we have sufficient of these to last to-day and to-morrow, but you had better come to-day. j{
$1.00 white and co'ored Shetani Shawls; clean-up price ..5T*O l3nttf*B*PnZB€llin 4H 3t*Z»n mi In 5
$1 .00 colored eiderdown Dressing Sacques; clean-up price 59C «/#IWe^-*W*rSll#? ZsJCtUl-Up. g
Si .00 Fianmlette and black Near Silk Waists; .dean-up price . . . £6 C 6oc cambr : c short £££ slips cut to ..^BC *
Jr.oo new Flannrlette Wrappers; clean-up price. 6|v TmJ&% sk]m fof £ tQ *g» *
$1.75 and 1 f*.* 5 Fannel Wast.; clean-up pnee $1.35 52 . 5O fine Cambric Gown, p«nt dVsprit k«, cut to'/.'. .V.V.S/lgS J
Ja.25tofl.75 Unrersk^; clean-up price.. -|J"lf 1 3-Oo elegant embroidered trimmed Skirt, cut to S/IsO J
J3.00 and |3. 5 oF.ann,l Wa>ss; clean-up pnee S 2 .2 5 chjmoh Moccas : ns< cut t0 ?! ' " 25O 5
J4.00 to 55.00 Undenkmi; clean-up pnee «2.g5 53.00 1 -piece Dresses, ages .2 tJ 14 yrars, cut to. . S2.QO *
.$5.00 and |6.ooS : lk and Wool Wal.t»i clean-up pr.ee SJ.95 Flannelette r>e S! es, in dots and str.^; a 3 es I to 3. .....'.^50o $
JaClfetSp EtCa 9 RcdUGGdm $ia.ooTai!cr-Ma-ieDr«s«, for children 8 to 10 yeari of age, cut to. . X
$5.00 and fio.oo Jackets; clean-up price. . ..$2*Q5 and $3.95 + • '1 •; $6*OO *5
$15.00, I18.00 and $20.00 Jackss; clean-up price. $9.95 * 4>7 3 and «-5° Sklrt and Corsit Covers combined, cut to. ..$2.OO Jt
|z 5 .oo long Automobilesj clean-up prke $17,95 *l-5° n«vy muslin Drawers, fine embroidery, cut to 95O X
Dresses Reduced. Miliinery Clean-Up. \
£12.50 to $15.00 Tailor Dressis; clean-up pnee. .... $7m95 Jt
$15.00 and $18.00 Tailor Drtsse;; clein-up p.ice $12*5*) 4 oc black Ostrich Tips cu: to 25n 5
I23.ootoj35.co Tailor Dresses; clean-up price $19.75 50c black Ostrich Tipr, 3 in butch',' rat to!.'.' . .'.'.'. \ "** 29o *
Skirts, Etc., Reduced. I s -** VcIvct J«S« e < ut to ." i i .'.'.'.'!.'.'!!;;: .340 5
<c 00 «hort and long Dress Skirts; clean-up price f '- oo 'P™? 8 ot " aw^ l orn «* to 2BO Jt
. . . . . . . . . . . .$2.95 and $3.45 5l -°° t0 $U5 ° Hat shapes cut to ™°> 15g, 25o |
$9.00 and $io.od short and long Dress Skirts; clean-up price.. $6.95 All Trimm-d Hars reduced— all bargains. Jt
ready now, M p^S*^ S&r&dS *
many styles, && JJS.ralxrfisg»BT». "B^.B^^iS^ z*s *% T^ real kid, $
50o yard. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE pa/r $1.50. %
Try This:
"Ko=Nut"
a Pure Sterilized Cocoanut Fat.
Never gets rancid. Twice the
shortening power of lard.
For Shortening
and Frying
Superseding batter, Lard and
Compounds.
Eyour grocer, or write
ia Refining Co., j;
Philadelphia. ::
mGj^^TB f )¦ r aj<*^^^?%^i
PjSSgv^Sa ll/ CKXMbM
Bg3^B3t^^^'.^?!rTj^TCW**l**^Bai^*»jiiffB l im^^^LBaV^^LM^B^^*fBB
@VIM, VIGOR, VITUJ TY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PII.LS
; have been In use over fifty
years . by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the-
" worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abusa, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
¦r, . . „ Power, Nlrht Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back, Desires, Lame Bach.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Bemen, _. Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne »"» (I rvous Twitehtne
of Eyelids. Effects are Immediate.
Impart vigor and *»«JWTS potency to every
function. Don't get despondent; a euro Is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates th« brain and nerve centers- Mo a
box: 8 far $2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
free. Addreea BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis
St., San Francisco. Cal., GRANT DRUG CO..
38 and 40 Third at.
DUPIEECE'S^fODY-BATfEBT
Tl18 r-J^my <?v Males
New /£>^5»-v\\ Weal
By mean* of MxAJM^. P 21 * 1 "*! It
Dr. Pl?rce'» n!!s tJl * body
Belt and At- BS&j&S&SL wlth el»ctrlc-
tachm#nts a 'ty. thu« glv-
powerful cur- i.WsWSRXjft ia Nature's
rent of elec- /M'^'^SsS! w aJ"rath and
tricltyrnaybe N|iS#S*lj0B strtngthtoall
conveyed to mSbSe JvS*3SH who use It.
any jart of i?£7P es ?C-3 -Speedily cure*
the body of S*tf 1 1 2 vrtthoutdrugv
the wearer, fif \ \m And is »s good
from head to 'n I In ' ° * women
foot, thereby 1 1 -l \ : q aa for m«n.
Imparting in- I ''(i Prices rea-
vlm and vigor wf I .;i aonabl*. Ho
to all weak A I A "T r • •'* or
parts and f V m "Half Price"
driving awayS*"*_/A \ 1, offer* mada
a c h • a and *^, i "i 9fe to *«n thia
palna aa It TTF* BELT. If
C^Our new "Book- S *"V BEST, you
let No. r 1 rlvea fall In- must h a to
r jrmation. Free at oX- "Dr. Pien»'a,"
flee or mailed to any address- for a *-oent
¦tamp. Call or addreas PI&RCE Et.EC-
TRIC CO., 114* Broadway (abore Mtlx it.).
New York. Pacific Gout offloo, CO Mar-
ket it. (opposite Palac* Hotel). San Fraa-
cisco.
When writlac. kindly mention thla pap«r.
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
itfjiscovEmr
FOR THE
I BLOOD.LIVER.LUmGS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GKEAT RESTORATIVE. 1NVIGORA-
¦ tor and Nervine.
Th« moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both a«xea.
Th« Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Ita own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUME. Asenta.
t23 Market «t.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
C» CHICHESTCR'8 CNQU8M
gEHNYROYflL PILLS
¦ s-6»?W _ . __ O''**»«l ¦»»<• Only OeavlMb
rJ\JrJ& ftr ciiiOnEsTrat-s
j!\ sEwSI £ tt "•• rtbbw - *•*• »• •»*•* Urtu—
Tn TW 5«"«ero«« *-k.t!t*Uo«» aad Imlta*
I / , QT tl««». B«y »f jour Dragon, or m*4 4o. la
\ V* , ff •<" "Ratter fbr L»d !*«.- » wirVJi
— V_\V.A -i"*" Mall. 1 A,O«0 TMdEMOiala. Sotdtir
wnBrCdi SLM-nrTnIf the Daingerfield-Graham contest is typical of th;
others which were recently decided in this city it
might be well for the Election Commission to estab
lish for citizens a school designed to instruct intelli
gent electors in the art of voting correctly.
The Collector of the Port threatens to abolish the
Chinese detention shed on the Pacific Mail dock be
causc of the frequent escape of coolies from the place.
Why not force the derelict corporation to erect a shed
on one of its ships and become criminally and civilly
responsible for its horde of yellow "native sons"?
Yet it must remain among the possibilities of the
future that he will seek and win the nomination in
1904. As a hypnotizer of conventions he has no peer
and unless the delegates are examined by doctors and
certified proof against he-hysterics we may again see
this political Casabianca and, what is worse, hear him
as a candidate.
As he has relied on' the impetuous-emotions of the
South for applause and support, this cold-blooded
estimate of his oratory will be a painful surprise.
/~* OLONEL BRYAN proposes to stay in focus
( and to remain :.n object of public interest. It
was expected that he would content himself
with the opportunity for publicity afforded by his
weekly newspaper. But he has long depended upon
the word of mouth and refuses to substitute expres
sion per plumbago from the pencil's dreadful point.
Therefore he plans further hippodroming over the
country. His first efforts will be spent upon Texas.
But there are signs that the Lone Star will not twinkle
so kindly upon him as heretofore. The Democratic
press of that State is saying that other men have a
right to be heard and heeded. The Texan press even
goes so far as to say that the people of the South arc
tired of Casabianca oratory, and that the boy who
stands on the burning deck so long with cold fee:
is not an object of sympathy or interest. In. fact, -they
don't believe the deck is burning at all, and say
Colonel Bryan was mistaken when he said it wa3.
They think the country, South and all, is doing very_
well without free (silver, anarchy and other prescrip
tions for its welfare proposed by the Nebraskan.
POLITICAL HIPPODROMING.
The Committee on Public Morals of the Assembly
seems to have been chosen primarily with a view of
placing before the. people of the^State an interesting
group of horrible examples. t
California is to be honored by the Federal Gov
ernment with a warship bearing the name of the
State. May the vessel never be called upon to prove
her prowess, and if she does may her name be one
of dread to her foes.
Russia has announced that she will not permit Ger
many to buy the island of Cyprus. This international
fever for the purchase of islands seems to be getting
lots of people into trouble— first ourselves, then Eng
land, and now Germany.
Kwang Su wants to return to Peking. There cer
tainly should be no objection \.o a gratification of
his wish, particularly as he will place himself in a po
sition where he may be made personally responsible
for acts of horror which he condones if he does not
Developments in the sharp contest for the vacant
marshalship at Nome indicate that the most success
ful way of mining for- gold in the frozen north is to
know how to pull political wires at Washington. It
i3 remarkable that this sort of a desperate game has
not already resulted in a tragedy.
AH of these considerations appeared in Australia.
The problem obtruded itself there upon public atten-'
tion and did not retire from view until it was effi
ciently solved. Shall we admit that we have less fa
cility of adjustment than was shown by the people of
a crown colony of Great Britain?
It seems clear, from the viewpoint of an economist,
that the people of the whole country have rights
which the stock men and politicians must respect.
They have a right to prevent the destruction of their
propertj' and the decadence of their diet.
In allotting the range to leaseholder^ it is proposed
that every land-owner and every stock-owner shall
have his share allotted and assigned to. him at a com
mon rental per acre, lo be fixed by the Secretary of
Agriculture. In addition to this, the law will protect
the right of the mineral prospector and the new agri
cultural settler, against whom the leaseholders' rights
have no sacredness. With these safeguards and the
application made optional to counties, we are con
vinced that there is no ground at all for opposition.
The meat consumers are in every State, all over th*
Union. They have certain equities that cannot be
ijfnored. They are owners in common of the public
domain on which the ranges lie. They have an in
defeasible right to say that thtir property in the
ranges shall be so preserved and used as to return
to th-m a consideration in the economy of living and
the sufficiency of their diet The ranges are a means
of production. The consumers of that product have
a superior right to the maintenance of that means in
sll its vigor.
One reason for opposition to protecting and re
newing the ranges by .¦> leasehold system is the unjus
tified belief of the small stock men and agricultural
settlers that the leases will be put up for sale to the
highest bidder, in which event the great stock
cvvners and corporations would outbid the other in
terested classes and monopolize to themselves the
entire range. It should not be necessary to say that
no such arrangement would ever be sanctioned by
Congress or could ever become the law.
THE STOCK INTERESTS.
A DECREASE of 60 per cent in the supply of
rar.ge cattle, concurrent with a 20 per cent in
crease in population, implies a difference of 80
f.er cent between the demand for and the supply of
beef. The rise of 40 per cent in the price of beef
within a short time may be accounted for by that dif
ference. The cheapest production of beef is on the
ranges. With the destruction of their forage and the
decrease in the stock they can carry has disappeared
the most economical element of production. .
Of course the present owners of range cattle are
getting now a high p:ofit on their stock. But when
they look through that profit to the foreshadowed de
struction of their business, they sec in it no profit at
all.
It is like securing more light by burning the candle
kt borh ends. When it is consumed there is no light
ar all.
This is a nation of meat-eaters. Not only are we
meat-eaters by reason of racial characteristics, but for
climatic reasons. Th? remarkable physical energies
of our people are related to the superior generosity
of their diet.
If we permit the most economical means of pro
ducing meat to be destroyed, we are . forcibly
abridging the diet of the people, to the abatement
of their energy, which means the enfeebling of the
national power. The problem to be solved is the
economizing of meat production. That involves
restoration of the potentiality of the ranges. As they
have been destroyed by use in common, they can
never be restored by continuing that policy. As the
price of beef rises the combat for range feed becomes
more strenuous. The rise in price and fall in th
amount of feed is infallibly reflected in the increase
in murders committed on the ranges in battles for
their possession. There was never less food, nor
higher prices, nor more murders, than during last sea
son. Nearly a score of lives have been lost and
thousands of animals have been killed in the relent
less competition. It is time for economists to con
sirfer the problem and for the stock interests to listen
to reason.
PROGRESS IN SAMOA.
WE are having so much in the way of weariness
of the flesh and vexation of spirit in the man
agement of the white man's burden in Porto
Rico and the Philippines that we have reason to be
thankful for the crumb of comfort that comes to us
from Samoa. It appears we are doing well in those
far-off islands, and by contrast with the Germans in
Apia are winning golden opinions from all sorts of
natives.
Late reports from Tutuila, after recounting certain
unpopular and seemingly unjust acts on the part of
the Germans in their islands, say that in Tutuila
under -American rule affairs are booming and prog
ress is being made in every direction. It is announced:
"The traders arc doing more than double their pre
vious business, and the natives are contented and
h?ppy. They are the envy of their cousins^ in the
neighboring islands."
' . Some details are given to illustrate the general state
ment. These are to the effect that the Government
work is progressing favorably; that the natives have
willingly agreed to sell an important front, on the
beach to the Government, and that they intend to use
the money received for the concession to build a
handsome church. It is added that work has begun
in constructing a road around Pago Pago harbp
and that as soon as that is completed further roads
will he constructed.
Such reports arc gratifying, and it is ib be hoped
the money due to the natives for the water front will
be promptly paid. It would be too bad to have the
building of that "handsome church" delayed by red
tape at Washington. We have started out well in the
island and have now the favor of the people. It will
be our own fault if the present good conditions change
to evil, and instead of a number of well-pleased na
tives we have a discontented and suspicious popula
tion to deal with. Let us hope, furthermore, that the
reported "boom" at Tutuila is not going to attract
that class of American speculators and office-holders
who, in their greed for gain, would not hesitate to
defraud not only the natives but the Government
itself. -
His .Highness the Mayor has again unloosed hh
tongue upon the newspapers. It might be well for
him occasionally to go into executive session with
himself and reflect upon the manifold advantages m
discretion.
THE BELSHAW POOL BILL.
WHEN Supervisor McCarthy introduced his
resolution on Monday approving the Belshaw
bill for the regulation of pool-selling and book
making he undoubtedly designed it as a step toward
the reopening of Ingiesidc Park for such practices.
The step was fortunately baffled by the action of Su
pervisor Stafford, who objected to the resolution and
had it referred to the Police Committee. The resolu
tion is none the less significant of a willingness on the
part of some of the municipal authorities to set aside
the existing restrictions upon pool-selling and book
making, and consequently is a matter to which the
people of San Francisco should give immediate at-
The Belshaw bill prohibits the selling of pools or
bookmaking on any trial or contest between men.
animals or machines, or the maintaining of any place
•.vhere such booV'making and pool-selling is carried
on, except within the inclosure or building in which
the contests take place. That is to say, it prohibits
pool-selling and br»okmaking outside of racetracks,
but permits it within the indbsures that surround the
tracks. * The bill applies equally to the selling of pools
and to the making of books upon coursing matches,
prize-fights or any other form of contest used for the
purpose of that kind of gambling.
When the bill was made public The Call obtained
legal advice as to the effect it would have upon the
municipal regulations prohibiting bookmaking and
pool-selling within inclosures as well as without. The
authorities agreed that the State law would not inter
fere with the municipal law! City Attorney Lane, one
of the authorities consulted, stated that the Belshaw
bill as presented leaves it in the power of the city to
piohibit bookmaking and pool-selling at the tracks.
The exercise of police power by the State in prohibit
ing certain practices outside of certain inclosures docs
not prevent the city in the exercise of its police pow
ers from prohibiting the same acts within those in
closures.
According to that legal construction the Belshaw
act in itself is not a menace to the city, but the- Mc-
Carthy resolution in the Board of Supervisors shows
that it may be made use of to revive at Ingleside those
evils of which San Francisco has had such disastrous
experience. Supervisor Stafford therefore deserves
the commendation of all good citizens for his action
in preventing its immediate adoption.
It is to be noted, moreover, that something of .i
change appears to have come over the minds of sev
eral of the Supervisors. There is Joseph Sadoc
Tobin, for example. He has been known as an oppo
nent of gambling, and, in fact, once introduced a reso
lution prohibiting downtown pool-selling and book
making on all sorts of contests, but on Monday he was
one of the Supervisors who expressed himself in favor
of permitting it for a "limited time."
It is true that in the discussion on the subject the
Supervisors who favored the resolution were careful
to say they favored a limited "racing period," and did
not say they favored a "gambling period." That
careful use of terms was, however, but an evasion.
There is no ordinance of the city that prohibits racing.
The ordinance which resulted in closing InglesiJe
track and virtually driving the gamblers out of the city
goes no further than to prohibit pool-selling and
hookmaking within th: inclosure. The so-called races
were but fakes. Their sole purpose was to provide a
means of gambling. When the gambling was stopped
the racing stopped. Consequently those who now
advocate a "racing period" can have no other intent
than that of permitting the kinds of gambling which
are necessary to render that sort of racing profitable
to the promoters.
Upon this showing it is clear the Belshaw bill
should be rejected by the Legislature. It is at best
an illogical and immoral measure. If bookmaking
and pool-selling be pernicious outside an inclosure,
CL-n it be any less pernicious when carried on inside
an inclosure? Is there in any fence or wall ever
erected a magic of sulricient power to render harmless
within its inclosure practices that are notoriously evil
when carried on elsewhere?
However fair the Belshaw bill may seem upon its
face, its effect woull be to confer upon Eastern
gamblers who control racetracks the privilege of poo!
sdling and bookmaking while denying that privilege
to outsiders. It would not have the direct veffect of
reopening Ingleside, but it would undoubtedly tend to
do so. That much is made evident by the McCarthy
resolution. The old evil out of which there came so
much of fraud, defalcation, theft, crime, murder and
suicide is once more threatening the city. The danger
is not to be ignored. The people should take action
C>T»-^HE famous naval observatory in!
II Washington, says the Boston Post,
I dates back only to 1844, although for
il thirty years previous to this time
efforts had been made to Induce
Congress to found a national observatory.
In 1838 Lieutenant J. M. Gilllss, a young
naval officer of very superior intellect and
enterprise, began a series of observations
in an improvised observatory on Capitol
Hill. Ills work was so successful that
Congress passed a bill appropriating $25,000
for the erection of a suitable building.
Lieutenant Gilllss planned tho structure
and remained in - charge of it several
years.
Additions were made in 1847, 1848. 186S
and 1S73. The two first instruments which
we.re placed were a 4.1-lnch Troughton and
Slmms mural circle and a 5.3-inch Ertel
transit. They were extremely good in
strument's for that time, and it was con
sidered that ik, great deal of money had
.been spent. Tn 1873 a 26-inch Clark equl
torial was purchased at a cost of $46,000.
This is the third largest telescope in the
country, the two largest being the Lick,
36-lnch, and the Yerkes, 40-Inch, Instru
ments. Great telescopes of this kind are
used principally for measuring faint
double stars, satellites and in observations
for stellar paralla. The satellites of Mars
were discovered by Professor Hall with
the 26-inch equltorial at the naval obser
vatory.'
Besides the telescopes, the observatory
ov.n many chronographs, decks, chro
nometers and associate apparatus, photo
heliographs, transits, etc.. many of them
being of antiquated type. In (fact, the
During many years the observatory was
purely a naval institution and was under
the Bureau of Navigation. I-Ine officers of
the navy were detailed from time to time
to be its superintendents and Its instruc
tors were for the most part naval men.
This has been changed within very recent
times, and although the Institution Is still
under the care of the Naval Department,
and is controlled by naval officers, Its
astronomical director, professors of
mathematics and most of Its astronomers
are university men. The present super
intendent is Captain Charles H. Davis and
the first and second assistants are Lieu
tenant Commanders Charles H. Fox and
Benjamin W. Hodges. Professor Stim
son J. Brown Is astronomical director and
director of the Nautical Almanac.
storerooms of the observatory are verit
able museums of obsolete scientific ap
paratus. . tvS-%- -
* A very important room in the observa
tory is devoted to clocks. Here all the
chronometers for Issue to naval ves
sels are rated and tested, and an exten
sive time service is maintained. Included
in this is the daily automatic correction
of some hundreds of clocks in the Govern
ment buildings at Washington and the
dropping of time balls in New York. Bal
timore. Philadelphia. San Francisco.
Hampton Roads, Savannah and New Or
leans.
The present site of the observatory Is
about a mile and a half from the original
building, which was abandoned In 1S91.
It is one of the most complete and con
venient establishments of the kind In the
country, the best feature of its construc
tion being the small detached buildings
for each of its principal instruments. The
main building Is given over to the offices
and computing rooms.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Bryan's Abdication Cheered.
William J. Bryan at the St. Jackson's
day banquet formally announced hl3 abdi
cation of the Democratic crown. "I am
now a private citizen." he said, "with ex
cellent prospects of remaining such." His*
words were greeted with cheers, which
must have been somewhat disconcerting,
coming as they did from members of an
organization bearing his name and which
he had just praised for its fidelity to his
political fortunes. — Chicago Inter Ocean.
Harrison and Democracy.
Former President Harrison, responding
to the toa^t of "JIail. Columbia!" at th<-»
dedication of the new Columbian Club
house at Indianapolis a few nights since,
remarked: "Any Democratic friends who
may share your hospitality to-night will
pardon me for saying to any of them whi
have cast beguiling looks toward me that
the Democratic jiarty has npver hr»>n l"s-»
rttraetive thnn now. No plan of renrgani
: zation suggests it?Hf to m» except that
suggested by a waggish lieutenant of mr
j regiment to* a captain whose platoT.=t
were inverted. H«* said: 'Captain, if I
i were In your place I would break rank*
and have the orderty call the roll.' "—St.
Cape to Cairo.
Cecil Rhodes' dream of a Cape to CaJr*
i Railway se»>ms fiecifledly more tangib!»
I when we are told that the telegraph sys
| tern between the twr> pnints is so far ad
vanced that only thirteen hundred miles
of wire are required to complete the Job.
The construction of the railway will be
come absolutely necessary to keen th*
wire In operation. Tntll "the railway Is
opened every time the wires are down
there will be a crisis both at th» Cape and
at Cairo. The British officials will not
know whether they are dealing with a
thunder storm or a revolution: whether
the Mahdl has broken out afresh or c
monkey Is trying gymnastic experiments
with the Cape to Cairo direct telegraph.—
Montreal Star.
Financially Fortified.
There is no danger now that any Iltt!"
flurry in Europe will send home a flood
of American serurltl* 1 !" to r« thrown on
the market and create a panic. This
country is no longer In a financial s^nse a
dependency of Kurope liahle to be thrown
Into a panic by any little flurry on th a
other side of the wafer. From baing a
debtor nation if is now n creditor nation,
with plenty of money for home enterprl? 0^
and a surplus for foreign Investments.
The credit of our Government i« abov»»
suspicion and Government hnnd? h«»arlne
only 2 per cent lnter«>.«t find r»adv- pur
chasers at homp and abroad. Nobody now
fears that the crash in Tyondnn will b» fol
lowed by disastrous efforts in the United
States -Lvprhhuri (Va.) News.
And Still It Comes.
i The statement telegraphed from TVa«h-
Ilngton the oth*>r dav that the T'nited
! States treasury now hoM» the larato'*
i stock of gold accumulated anywhere in
• the world makes Interesting the followinc
comparison of the l-iryp jroUl stocks at the
opening of the present year:
T'nited States treasury $4T<».w».9.v»
Bank of France 4*)«.37l.fl<r>
Bank of Russia ? 3fiS.fifK.fW>
Pank of Austria-Hungary l!)l.«r>.<*v>
Bank of Kngland I4SJMJW
Rank of Oermany l?<M9V0<v>
Bank of Ttalv...." 77.."l!>.v • •
Bank of Spain "O.OOo.WO
The Bank of France has gained I33.00O.
<VM> of gold since a year aero, while the
Bank of Bussia l.as lost *R«.0<Vl.nnf> during
the same time.— "Evening Wisconsin.
STATE PRESS COMMENT
ON LEGISLATIVE DOINGS
In Course of Which Some Editors Wax
Merry and Others Sad.
Judging from the number of bills Intro
duced In the General Assembly the work
of the bad bill killer will be extremely
arduous this session.— Los Angeles Even
ing Express.
• * •
The Legislature has committees and
clerks enough to smother about nine
tenths of the bills presented, and that
would be the best thing to do with most
of them.— San Jose Herald.
Our State legislators while at Sacra
mento will, of course, make history within
the next few weeks. The Orange County
Assemblyman has already made one page.
—Santa Ana Evening Blade.
A member of the Legislature has made
complaint of the unsanitary condition of.
the State Capitol building. That Is the"
first intimation we have had that the
Legislature is In Sacramento for its
health.— Woodland Dally Democrat.
There are thirty-two lawyers In the
present Legislature. A few years ago
this fact would have been a fruitful
theme for the funny writers and sa
eaattc paragraphers of the press. But
not so to-day.-Stockton Dally Record.
The State Legislature started off har
moniously by apportioning $16 per diem
oatronage to each Senator and half that
amount 5 to each Assemblyman This
amounts in the aggregate to the Insignifi
cant sum of $1024 per day. In this way a
lot of useless legislative offices are created
for the dear friends and relatives of the
anointed legislators and "Jones he pays
the freight." In other words, the tax
payer grins and annually puts up his
shekels for the cause.— Lodi Sentinel.
Bills are being Introduced in the
Legislature on every conceivable subject.
One bills provides for the protection of
wild birds and their nests. It Is to be
hoped that some practical measure may
be evolved for preventing the ruthless
destroying of the wild birds of California.
The State Is noted for Its feathered beau
ties and steps should be taken to preserve
them ere it is too late.— Stockton Daily
Record.
Our Assemblyman. Dr. Foster, has been
given a place on the Committee of Edu
cation; not tha chairmanship, however— a
member by the name of Gans was given
that position. It is not to be expected
that the university district will know
enough about educational matters to hold
a chairmanship on that or any other com
mittee. .Perhaps the Fifty-first was
originally for Anderson for Speaker.
Thanks, we always take comfort from a
crumb.— Berkeley Gazette.
¦ In his first biennial message to the
Legislature Governor Gage makes a num
ber of wise observations and recommenda
tions, but among those which are not wise
is the one relating to tho affairs of the
University of California. The suggestion
that non-resident students pay tuition fees
should be rejected; there are other
methods of maintaining this Institution
and. almost any plan would be better than
imposing the student tax. The great
State of California can afford to keep the
doors of her university open to all the
world.— Sonora Expositor. .. >
PERSONAL MENTION
Bode R. Smith, assistant city passenger
agent of the Rio Grande Western Rail
way in this city, is quite ill at his Pine
street home with a severe attack of grip.
J. M. Studebaker Jr. of South Bend,
Ind.. is at the Palace. Mr. Studebaker is
a member of the well-known wagon 'man
ufacturing firm that bears his name.
James R. Dunn, chief of the Chines*
Bureau, was on duty yesterday, havlnjj
recovered from his recent spell of sick
ness.
II. Bovea and wife of Kingston. N. T..
have taken apartments at the Palace. Mr.
Bovee Is a prominent Eastern merchant.
R. L. Alexander and -wife of Boston ara
at the Occidental. Mr. Alexander Is a
prominent Eastern manufacturer.
George T. Myers, one of the largest sal
mon packers at Portland. Is spending a
few days at the Occidental.
Aimer Moser. train dispatcher of the
Rio Granda Western at Salt Lake City, Is
at the Golden West.
Captain J, H. H. Perhine. XT. S. A., and
wife have taken apartments at the Pal
ace. ',
J. "W. Rose, auditor of tho American
Beet Sugar Company at Oxnard, is regis
tered at the Grand.
Former Assemblyman Harry P. Stabler
of Tuba City is a. late arrival at the Lirk.
T. L». Reed of Reedley Is at the Grand.
Grant Mays, a biff Oregon cattleman. Is
at the Lick.
C. H. Bacon, mining man at Seattle, ia
at the Palace.
r>r. H. B. Pitt and -wife of Jackson are
stopping at the Russ.
W. C. Price, a Pasadena mining man.
is stopping at the Grand.
Government Naval Observatory
and Its Equipment..
OFFICIAL TIME
FOR THE NATION
Bishop's statements as to the Police Department m
New York, it could be shown here how policemen,
by bribery and threats, although their office was cre
ated for the protection of the weak and the assaileu,
have sought in their official dress to tempt innocent
maidens . from the paths of virtue — how they have
aided, instead of preventing, the violation of law at
the polls, and in various ways become the servants of
crime and foes to the law."
' That is certainly a heavy arraignment to be made
against a city that has always been pointed to as the
typical American community and the model for all
others. As it has been made by a committee of rep
resentative citizens it is to be presumed to be accurate.
It may be taken, therefore, as another illustration 1 of
the quietness with which Philadelphia manages in
some way to take the lead without having her leader
ship noted. She does an enormous business, her in
dustries are in many respects larger than those of
New York or Chicago, and yet she is never heard to
blow about her enterprise. Now she comes forth to
start the new century as the wickedest town on earth,
and the country will be more than ever puzzled to
know how she manages to do so* many things without
making any noise.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1901.
TROUBLESOME DATE.
Same old trouble.
Same chagrin.
When each new years
Ushered In.
Making errors
In the date.
Then In anger
Contemplate.
Nineteen hundred •
Long annoyed •
When we pen and
Ink employed.
Then two ciphers
Were the eiitns,
But instead w«
Made two nines.
After many
Such mistakes
We could write and
Make no breaks.
Got accustomed
Came with ease.
But the cipher.
And we make the
. Same curved things.
Often get the
Month all right
When a letter
. We -indite.
But when later
We inspect
Bee the year ts
Not correct
Often get a ,. V
Letter done
Ere we «•« we've
Missed the 1.
Either ' have to
Blur it then
' Or- get at and
Write again.
Soon we'll get It
Down so fine
That the 1 will
Be in line. .
But 'tl«: sure- when
Thli year's through
We'll have trouble
¦With the 2.
— PittsburR Chronicle Telegraph.
WIDOW'S PENSIONS— H. S.. Sacra
mento, Cal. For further information In
relation to the extension of Income to
widows who are drawing: a pension ad
dress a communication to the Pension Of
fice in this city.
CONSTITUTION AND FLAG— J. C.
City. This correspondent asks: "WiJl you
give me the right answer to 'Does the
constitution follow the flag?* " This de
partment would be Dleased to furnish the
''right answer," but until the "right an
swer" is given by the highest court in
the land, any answer that might be given
would be only an individual opinion.
TRUNKS— E. D.. Sacramento, Cal
There is a law in California that author
izes Innkeepers to hold baggage and
trunks of boarders In case of non-payment
of accommodations furnished. Whether
an attachment could be levied on trunks
in action for debt would depend upon wh-i*
they contained. If simply necessary wear
ing apparel, such Is exempt from execu
tion. In order to ascertain what your
rights, if any, are In the case cited you
will have to consult an attorney and lav
all the facts before him. .
SCREW PROPELLER— Subscriber, City.
The application of the screw to the pro
pulsion of a vessel dates back to 1S02 but
tbG practical use was not fully demon
strated until 1S38 when F. P. Smith and
Captain Ericsson place! on the Thames a
screw steamer 45 feet long and 8 feet wide
with a draught of 27 inches, which towed
the Toronto, a 630-ton vessel, against tide
at 4*s knots an hour. It was not until
1S3S, however, that the practical use of
the screw to ocean-going steamers was
Inrontestlbly demonstrated. Tho paddle
wheel was in use before that period. Or
dinary ferry boats are built for bay and
not for ocean navigation.
A WIFE'S DUTT-B., Sacramento, Cal.
The Civil Code of California says that
"the wife must support the husband
(when he has not deserted her) out of her
separate property, when he- has not sepa
rate property and there la no community
property, and he is unable, from Infirmity
to Hupport himself." .If the husband at
one time made a gift of real estate and
improvements to his wife for love and af
fection and the papers paesed In due form
the property Is the separate property of
the wife, and though the husband be In
firm, she is not reaulred to keep him on
the property he gave her if she does not
care to do so. Sha can support him at any
place she mar elect.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
EQUATORIAL DOME OF THE UNITED STATES XAVAL, OBSERVATORY
AT WASHINGTON, D. C. WHERE UNCLE SAM RECKONS OFFICIAL
TIME FOR HIS FELLOW CITIZENS.
tlflhre -t^^^g - (Kail*
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 16, 1901
(OHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Attttn All CcmmccicitioEt to W. 8. LEAEE. Miniger.
Mi5AGr.K'S OFFICE T»l*phoni> Pre«« 2O4
I'VULICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. P.
Telephone Press £01.
EDITORIAL ROOM!) 217 «o 221 Stevenson 9t.
Telephone Press 202.
tlrllrmd W Carrier-. IB Cents Per Week.
Slnirle Cople*. !t Cent*.
Terms br Mail. Inelodlnsj Pontnscit
DAItT CA.LT. <lndodlcr Sunday), on* yew H.M
DAILT CALL Oncludinr Sunday). « month* S.W
DAILT CALI, <lnetadlng Sunday). 3 months 1-50
DAILT CAUL— By Single Month «c
KTKDAT CALL. On« Tear »M
WEEKLY CALL. One Year *••*
All »ostaaaster« are authorized to receive
•abacrfptlona.
Svcpi* copies «SU be forwarded when requested.
UaH subscriber* In orderlnir chinr* of nddm* should >¦«
part!etj!ar to r»ve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to :ntur» a prctr.i t and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLA.VD OFFICE 1118 Broadvrar
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Xisiftr rertigs Admtliltg. K»rqneti» Bcildisg. Ckicaca,
iLorr Distance Telephone "Central I61».">
KEW YORK CORRESPONDETfT:
C C. CARLTO.\ Herald Square
NETT YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
• TTPnc\ B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnlldins;
KEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Artotia Hotel; A, Breatano. a Union F<ju*r»:
Murray Etll Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS >
Ebermaa Bou»e: P. O. News Co.: Great Nortbmi Hotel;
Fremost House; Auditorium Hotel. »
WASHIXGTOX O*. C> OFFICE 14OO G St.. JT. W.
MOHTOV E. CRA.XE. Correspondent.
WICKEDNESS ON THE QUIET.
PHILADELPHIA has furnished the new century
with something in the nature of a double sur
prise. In the first place a committee of her
best citizens have in a formal document declared
her to be more wicked than New York, and in the
second place they have applied to a New York bishop
to come do\rn and move them to repentance.
That Quakers should turn to Episcopalian Bishops
for guidance, that Philadelphia should admit a need
of New York inspiration, are strange things them
selves, but the strangest part of the whole wonderful
proceeding is that so much wickedness as is reported
to be in Philadelphia should have kept itself quiet for
all these years.
Of course the country has been aware at times of
rumblings in and around Philadelphia, but has never
suspected any serious disturbance. Whenever the
rumblings have been sufficiently noisy to attract more
than a passing attention and to induce outsiders to
inquire the cause of them an investigation has gen
erally shown nothing worse than Matthew Quay
shaking the plum tree and John Wanamaker and the
rest of the "hog combine" squealing for the plums.
It now appears, however, there is and has been for
a long time serious wickedness in the quiet city. At
a recent mass-meeting called by the reform commit
tee the chairman, in introducing Bishop Potter of
New York, said: "The statement made by the com
mittee in their letter of invitation to Bishop Potter,
that the times of Tweed in New York scarcely sur
passed in corruption those of this day in this city,
seem to me to fall quite short of the truth. At no
time nor place in history does acorrupt and thieving
rinj? seem more skillfully and completely, and hope
lessly to have gained ascendency than here and now.
Not only is there a continuous and large majority in
councils, 70 per cent of whom' are supposed to be
purchasable, of men who make no concealment of
their principal purpose being to violate their solemn
i oath of office and make traffic of the great franchises
I of the city for bribes, but in corroboration of the
• •
6
AMUSEMENTS.
A!eazar — "ICe-U Gwynne."
Colus:b;a«-*'Way Down East."
Tivoli— "Cinderella."
Central Theater— "The Two Orphans."
CsJlfornla— "A Brr*ry Time."
Orohcum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "The Rogrue'e Comedy."
Alhamtra— "A Stranger In a Strange Land."
OJjrspia. comer M&eon and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Cbutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
Fischer* s— Taude ville.
Metropolitan Temple — Benefit performance for families of
Glass Works accident. Thursday. January 1"-
Metropolitan Temple— Lecture by Rev. Peter C. Yorke,
Tfeorsday evenlrx. February 7.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Races.
Choice candles. Townsend's.Palace Hotel •
Wllgrus oil burners. Office and salesroom
514A Mission street. Telephone John 2408. •
Townsend's California glace fruit*. 3^c -t
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Kastern friends.
C39 Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping: Bureau fAUen's>. 510 Mont-
gomery Bt. Telephone Main 1042. •
According to Herbert Putnam. Congres-
sional libraries are yrowlng all out of pro-
portion to librarians. He directs atten-
tion to the fact that whereas there ar»
now some 8000 libraries In tha country,
there are not more than 500 or (500 especial-
ly trained librarians.
The new Sant* Fe trala, known as th# Cali-
fornia Limited affords service very much supe-
rior to anything ever before offered to Coast
travelers. # •
Neslect of the hair brings baldness. Um
Parker's Hair Balsam and save your hair.
Hlndercorns. th* best cure for corns. 15 cts.
Ne-w Santa Fe Train.
Tanner and Plngree lap over Into the
new century a little way. out In other re-
spects It seems to be starting out nicely.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"GOES TO THE SPOT"
There is food that feeds the
lungs and wind-pipes ; it feeds
the wholebodyjbutthelung part
more than the rest of the body.
Scott'a emulsion of cod-liver
oil.
You think it not food but a
medicine. Both. There is
more lung food, in an ounce of
it, than in a pound of porter-
WVH send yoa a Ettls to try,i f yon Eca.
SCOTT & BOWNE, 409 Pearl street. Ktw Y«*fc.
house steak; and "it goes to
the spot." What else does
"medicine" mean ?
It "goes to the spot."
A GAT • SEASON Is promised at Hotel del
Coronado. Coronado, Cal.. this -winter with a
Jolly houseful, an expert golf tournament, meet-
ing of Held trials club, hunting, fishing, boat-
ing, dancing, etc.
AUCTION SALES.
Br X. XT. LouderbacX— Thursday. January IT. at 11 a. m.
r r-J> i t>. m.. Oriental Rues, at S. W. corner Geary and Stock-
ton streets.Sun rises .7:24
Bun sets .....'...I '. 5:15
Moon rifles 3:44 a. m.
California Limited.
No extra charge Is made for; riding on the
California Limited of. the Santa Fe. although
the superiority . of the service Is really worth
something more. *
NOTE— In ttw above exposition of the tides
the early morning . tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In tha order of occurrence as to time of
day. the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except' when a
minus sign (—)-• precedes the height, and than
th« number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the . charts. ; The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower . low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times . and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort, Point, entrance to San
Franci3co Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at tho
city front (Mission-street .wharf) ' about twenty
five minutes later than tat Fort Point: th*
height of tide is the same at both places.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
hence Jan 13; stmr Despatch, hence Jan 12; Br
ship Scottish Hills, from Taltal.
KEiK)NDO-3aIled Jan 15-Stmr Westport.
for San Francisco.
El'RKKA- Sailed Jan 15— Stmr Pomona, for
Ran Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW-Arrtved Jan 15-Schr Me
teor, from San Pedro.
FORT BRAG*;— Sailed Jan 15— Stmr Koyo,
for San Kranoloco.
FOREIGN FORTS.
CARMANAH— Passed Jan 7-Br ship Peng
wern, from Llveroool.
FA LMOUTH — Arrived Jan 13— Ger bark
Athene, from Tacoma.
ANTOKAGASTA-Salled Xov *»— Br ship
Thirhnere, for Tacoma.
COLON— Railed Jan 13— Br stmr Guatemala,
for San Francisco and way Dorts.
MAZATLAN- Sailed Jan IS— Stmr Acapulco,
for Sp.n Kranclsco. t
HULL— Arrived Jan 14— Br bark Crown of
India, hence Ausr 17.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Jan 15— Ger ship
Hera, from Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA— Balled Jan 13— Br stmr Duke
of Fife, for Tacoma.
LEITH-Arrived Jan 14— Br ship Thalatta,
hence Aus 9.
SH1MOXESXI— Arrived Nov 5— Nor stmr
Kvarven. from Portland.
ANTWERP— In port Dec 5— Br ship Aller
ton. for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Aus-Irt port Nov 14-Br bark
Andorirtha, for San Francisco. Dec 1— Fr bark
Brenn. for San Francisco. Dec 12 — Br bark
Inverneill. for San Francisco. Dec 7 — Fr bark
Jane Gulllon. for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI-In port Dec 2f*-Br ship Khy
ber. for Oreeon.
HAMBURG— In port Deo JO— GeT ship Mar-
Earetha. for Oreron.
SANTOS— Sailed Jan 3— Br ship Talus, for
Oreron.
PANAMA— Sailed Jan 14-Br stmr Guatema
la, for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Jan 16— Nor ship Prince
Victor, from Honolulu.
failed Jan 15— Rtmr Tacoma, for Hongkong:.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Noorgre,
from Ccpenhasen.
Sailed Jan 15 — Stmr Trave, for Bremen: stmr
Cevic, for Liverpool ; stmr Sardinian, for Glas
gow.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Jan IS— Stmr Duke of
Fife, from Honrkong-. for Tacoma.
ANTWERP— Sailed Jan 15— Stmr Tanls. for
San Francl3Co.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan 15— Stmr Cuflc, ror
New York.
Steamers That Left the Sound a Week Ago Have Not Been
Heard From— Vessels Bound Here From Japan
and China Almost Given Up as Lost
p-"Yl">3HE Place where news of the over-
I due fleet could be obtained is a spot
I the underwriters would like to lo-
Jt cate. Many of th© coasters are
away behind and a number of the
deep-water ships are being reinsured.
Three of the vessels relieved the hearts
of their owners by putting in an appear
ance off the Heads yesterday morning.
They were the British ships Montgomery
shire, the Duchalburn from Newcastle,
Australia, and the American bark Prus
sia from Pugct Sound. The latter was
sixteen days Retting here from Port
Blakeley. while the Montgomeryshire was
seventy-three and the Duchalburn sixty
eight days coming from Australia. Cap
tain Edwards of the Montgomeryshire
must pay for a dinner on account of his
long run. When the Montgomeryshire
and Duchalburn were lying in port at
Newcastle he "bet the dinner" with Cap
tain Forbes that he would beat him five
days into San Francisco. Instead, both
vpsspIs came in together. Both vessels
made ordinary passages, while the Prus
sia had nothing but head winds and cross
seas to contend with»all the way down.
STEAMERS LOOKED FOR.
Rainier and Mandalay Should Have
Made Port Several Days Ago.
The steam schooner Rainier is now out
seven days from Seattle, while the Man
dalay has not been heard from since she
left here on the 6th lnst. for Coqullle
River. The chances are that the Rainier
has been detained by the heavy weather
that has prevailed along the coast, while
the Mandalay may bo In Coquille River.
The wires are all down between here and
Oregon and it has been impossible to
either telephone or telegraph from Grays
Harbor or Coquille River. The chances
are therefore that the Mandalay is bar
bound and that the Rainier is in Clallam
Bay waiting for a chance to get out.
Sailing of the Grant.
The United States army transport Grant
will pet away for Manila to-day. Chief
Officer Kldpton of the Lawton will j?o out
a.« her chief officer and Captain Brugulrre
will be in command. Captain Goorge H.
Whitney and Carl F. Lehners, the local
inspectors of hulls and boilers for Alaska,
will be among th«> passengers on the
transport. Their clerk, George D. Clagett.
will accompany them and on their arrival
at' Honolulu they will inspect all the ves
ppls that were formerly under the Ha
waiian flag. There may be a few con
demnations, but taking them all in all the
Hawaiian coasting fleet is as pood as any
similar class of vessels in the world.
Water Front Notes.
A milk wagon and a Valencia-street car
were In collision near the ferries at 2:25
p. m. yesterday. The car was on the East
street crossing when the wagon ran into
it. The driver was thrown under the fen
der of the car. but escaped serious injury.
The horse was badly hurt and the milk
wagon demolished.
Ten minutes later a mail wagon and a
Ha'fjht-street car was In collision at the
same spot, but nobody was hurt.
The Italian ship Cavialiere Ciampa was
on fire yesterday afternoon. The flre tug
Governor Markham went to her assist
ance and soon drowned out the flames.
The damage was small.
The revenue cutter Perry started out
yesterday on another search for the miss
ing British ship Andrada. As has already
been told in Th« Call, the Andrada left
Santa Rosalia for Portland and after tak
ing aboard a pilot off the Columbia River
was driven to sea. Since then nothing has
been heard from here. The Perry has
been out searching 1 the Vancouver coast
for over ten days arfil'thla will be her sec
ond venture in search of news of the miss
ing vessel.
The steam schooner Acme was launched
at Alameda Point yesterday. She vas
built for the Biuslaw River trade. She
Is 1G2 feet long. 34 feet beam and 10 feet 6
Inches deep. Two similar vessels are to
be built for the coast trade. .
NEWS OF THE OCEA2*.
Matters of Interest to Marines and
Shipping' Merchants.
The Austrasla will load wheat for Europe,
38s 9d; the James Nesmlth, lumber at Port
Blakeley for Sydney. E2a Sd. option of Mel-
Tuesday, January 15.
Stmr W H Kruger, Krog, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coon Bay.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, San Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Btmr Greenwood. Kagerlund. Greenwood.
Stmr Samoa. Jacobs, Eureka.
Br Btmr Strathgyle. Gordon, Seattle.
Br ship Pericles. Henderson, Queenstown.
Bktn Gardiner City. Walton. Seattle.
Schr Lettetla, Zachary, Grays Harbor.
Bchr Mary Etta. Anderson. Bowens Landing.
Schr Julia B Whalen. Erratt, Apia.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 15, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind calm.
SPOKEN.
Per Br. ship Scottish Hills, at Astoria*-Br
ehlp Cape Wrath, from Callao, for Portland,
off Columbia River.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr National City— Sailed from San
Pedro Jan 12, 4:15 p m, and at 6:20 p m, 4
miles north of Point Vincent, broke forward
connection rod. Came up little over half
speed-
Per Br ship Montgomeryshire, from Newcas
tle. Aus— Jan 13, lat 37 32 N, Ion 124 30 W
passed part of a wreck, apparently that of a
small vessel.
Per Br shin Duchalburn, from Newcastle
Rus— Born at sea Dec 29. lat 23 67 N, Ion 151
W, to the wife of Captain Forbes, twins— both
boys.
Per schr Joseph Russ, from Sallna Cruz—
Jan S, lat 34 25 N. Ion 123 41 W. In a heavy
squall from the NW, carried away foresail
and Jib.
MISCELLANEOUS.
TACOMA, Jan 15— Ger ship Flottbek, from
Yokohama, for Port Townsend. Is anchored
two miles smith of Osset Island, close Into
breakers. Wants immediate assistance.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr South
CoaBt, from Eureka.
PORT ANGELES— Sailed Jan S— Ship Olory
of the Peas, for San .Franeisco.
Arrived Jan 14 — Ship Kcllpse. hence Jan 9,
for Comox. ¦-)
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed inward Jan 15—
Bark Fresno, hence Jan 1, for Port Gamble.
Arrived Jan 15 — Sehr John A Campbell, from
Honolulu: schr Serena Thayer. from Lahaina.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Matteawan,
hence Jan 11.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 15— U S stmr Perry,
from an unsuccessful search of missing Br
ship Andrada; stmr Jeanie, hence Jan 11.
COOS BAY— Bar bound Jan 15— Stmr Em
pire.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Columbia.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. January 15-
Stmr North Fork, McLellan, Eureka; Chas
Nelson.
Stmr American, McDonald, Nanalmo; Wil
liams, Dimond & Co.
Stmr Queen. Thomaa. San Diego; Goodall,
PerkinB & Co.
Ital nhir> Mount Carmel, Mazella, Queens
town; Epplnger & Co.
Br chip Drumburton, Thomas, Seattle; West
ern Commercial Co.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, January 15.
Strnr National City, Dettmers, 65 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 63 hours from
Portland, via Astoria -47 hours.
Ncr stmr Titania, Egenes, 6 days from Na
nalmo.
nr ship Montgomeryshire, Edwards, 73 day*
from Newcastle, Aus.
Br shin Duchalburn, Forbes, 67 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Bark Prussia, Jensen, 16 days from Port
Blakeley.
Schr Joseph Rusj, Anderson, 62 days from
Sallna Cruz, bound to Port Townsend; put in
for rei>alrs. *
Schr Monterey, Beck, S days 20 hours from
Coos Bay.
Shipping Intelligence*.
Notice Is h»reby given that on January 10,
1901. Cmatllla reef light vessel Xo. 67 broke
adrift ficm her station nbout two and a half
miles southwest. flve-elKhths south from Uma
tllla reef (Flattery rocks), making oft from
Cape Alava. Washington, and about four and a
quarter miles west southwesterly from the
Cape. She is now at Port Angeles, WaBhing
ton, and will be replaced on her station as
soon as practicable.
This notice affects the list of lights and fog
'signals. Pacific Coast, 19C0, page H2, No. 145;
also the list of beacons and buoys, Pacific
Coast, 1901, page 64.
By order of the lighthouse board.
W. P. DAT,
Commander, U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
COAPT OF WASHINGTON
UMATILLA REEF LIGHT VESSEL NO. 67-
Notice to Mariners.
The Italian phlp Mount Carmel cleared yes
terday for QueonFtnwn for orders with 52,712
ctln wlifat. valued at $. r >2,S00, and 17,600 ft lum
ber as dunnage, valued at $^50.
Wheat Market.
bourne or Adelaide, 60s, or Cape Town, 72s 6d.
prior to arrival.
BRITISH SHIPS DUCHALBURN AND MONTGOMERYSHIRE, THAT
RACED FROM NEWCASTLE, AUSTRALIA, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
THE DUCHALBURN WON BY FIVE DATS. •
This Is one of-the most elaborate state
ments or attempts to define common em
ployes that has been made. The subject
is one of the greatest difficulty because
employments are so numerous and fit so
closely .together. Had Lord Abinger been
gifted with prescience or seen even go
dinjly the wonderful multiplying of em
ployments growing out of the invention
of machinery and the use of steam per
haps he would have paused or at least in
timated his Inability to deal with the
subject in a satisfactory manner. Soma
glimpse of the greatness of his failure. will
appear from the decisions that will now
be given; a still stronger proof is the leg
islation in Great Britain and many
In Illinois the Supreme Court in a re
cent decision has made another attempt
to define fellow-service: * The servants jf
the same master, to be co-employes, bo
as to exempt the master from liability on
account of injuries sustained by one re
sulting from the negligence of the other,
shall be directly co-operating with each
other In a particular business: that is.
the same line of emoloyment, or . that
their usual duties shall bring them Into
habitual association, mi that they only
exercise a mutual N influence upon each
other promotive of proper cautton. The
idea is that the relations between the
servants must be sucn that each as to the
other, by the exercise of ordinary cau
tion; can either prevent « or remedy the
negligent acts of the other or protect him
self against its consequences, and. of
course, where there Is no right or no op
portunity of supervision, or where then*
is no independent w:ll, and no right to
take measures* to avoUl the negligent acts
of another without disobedience to the
orders of his immediate superior, the doc
trine can have no application."
Who, then, are in the same common em
ployment? The Supreme Court of Vir
ginia answers the question In this man
ner: "The fellow-servant or co-employe
for whose negligence the company is not
liable is one who is in the same common
employment — that is, in the same shop or
place with and having no authority over
the one injured— and who Is no more
charged with the discretionary exercises
of powers and duties Imperatively resting
upon the works than the injured party,
but where a person is placed In charge of
the construction or repair of machinery,
the dispatching of trains, the maintenance
of ways, etc., fie is not a fellow-servant
with those under him, nor with those in a
different department of the service." In
another -case the same court remarked:
"They • are co-employes, engaged in tht^
same department of service, who are
thrown together in the performance of a
common duty and having opportunity to
observe and Judge of the liability and
qualifications of each other."
Who Are Fellow-Servants in Illinois?
ginia?
It may be remarked that when this rule
was ilrst declared by Lord Ablnger In
Great Britain and by the courts in this
country no one ever dreamed that its ap
plication would be po difficult. In truth,
no other legal rule has ever given rise to
so many contradictory decisions. Are the
engineer and conductor of a train fellov.v
servants? If they are. neither can recover
of their common employer for an injury
caused by the other. If they are not fel
low-servants the rule is otherwise. In
some States they are held to be follow
servants, in some they are not.
Who Are Fellow-Sarvants In Vir-
Difficulty Ui Applying the Rule.
Keeping this rule in mind that the em
ploye is always liable for his own\negli
gence, either when he Is acting alone or
with a servant, we remark that an em
ployer is also liable to his servants in all
cases where one is injured through the
negligence of another who is not working
in the same common employment. For
example, if a carpenter in a railroad shop
were injured through the negligence of an
engineer while riding on a train that was
carrying employes engaged in making re
pairs, he would not be regarded as a fel
low-servant of the engineer and would
have a good case against the company.
Who, then, are fellow-servants, and not
entitled to recover from their employer:*
except In those cases In which the latter
themselves are negligent in not employing
competent men, suitable appliances, etc.:
and who are not fellow-servants and en
titled to look for redress to their employ
ers whenever they are injured through the
negligence of other servants? The ques
tion is divided into two parts: one relates
.to the classification of employes, the other
to their relative position of mere laborer
or superintendent. The first part will now
be considered.
Employment?
In the first o'f this series of papers It
was stated that a servant assumed the
risks of injury from other servants who
were engaged in the same common em
ployment. In other words, if a servant
was injured through the negligence of an
other servant employed in the same way
he could not turn to his employer for re
dress, but only to the servant who had
caused the Injury. A man may be compe
tent yet negligent. We also set forth that
It was the duty of the employer to pro
vide competent servants, safe tools, ma
chinery, places of work and also to give
instructions whenever the occasion re
quired. If he were neglectful in these
matters he was liable to a servant who
was injured through the negligence of an
other. Thus if an employer hired an in
competent engineer to run a train ' he
would be responsible to a conductor who
was injured through his unskillful man
agement of his engine, unless the con
ductor knew he was incompetent and con
tinued to act with him. If he did not
know, then the employer would be liable
for the consequences of employing s »uch a
man or of retaining him after hls'lncom
petency was found out.
On the other hand, If th© engineer were
competent at the time of employing him
and through his negligence the conductor
should be injured, in many States he
would have no claim against the employ
er, for the risk of the engineer's negli
gence was assumed by him when he
agreed to conduct the train.
Possibly some reader may not Bee clear
ly the difference between the two cases.
An engineer may be competent and yet
do a negligent thing; if he does, the con
ductor assumes this risk and bears the
consequences. An engineer may be incom
petent, and If he is the conductor does
not assume the risk, and If he is injured
can look* to his employer for redress. Bays
Mr. Justice T)anforth of the New York
Court of Appeals: "It is no doubt settled
that an Employe of a railroad company
takes the natural risks of his employment,
and amofsg othors the risk of injury re
sulting from the negligence of his fellow
servants. This rule, however, has no ap
plication if the company has at the same
time disregarded Its obligation to provide
either. a suitable roadbed or engineer, cars
or other necessary appointments of the
railroad, so that the injury is not entirely
caused by the negligence of the other fel
low servant, but. in part at least, is the
result of that omission of duty. In sucti
a case the negligence of the co-servant
will not exonerate the company from the
consequences of its own default." In the
case above supposed the negligence of the
company would consist In hiring the in
competent engineer, and in- doing so the
company would be liable for the conse
quences of his conduct. SuppoBe. however,
he were competent but was given a very
imperfect engine to run. If he knew that
it was imperfect and dangerous and ac
cepted the position he would assume the
risk of it, but if the conductor was in
jured by using such an engine he could
recover from the company, because it is
its duty to furnish proper tools, appli
ances, etc. If they are not of this char
acter those who use them, knowing what
they are. assume the risk of doing so;
hut those who do not know, as the con
ductor in the case just supposed, do not
assume the risk of the defective engine,
and the company, so far as it is con
cerned, is negligent in using it and must
make their losses good. The fireman in
such a case would probably assume the
same risk as the engineer, for he would
probably know as much about the engine;
consequently if he were injured he could
get nothing; but the conductor, even
though a fellow servant, could recover
because he does not assume the risks of
negligence of the company itself, and the
known use by the company of a defective
engine is one of them.
Who Work in the Same Common
166. "What animal is that which goe» on
four feet in the morning, on two at noon
and on three at evening?" (Answer) "Man.
who. when an Infant, creeps on all four*,
at manhood stands erect on two legs and
in old age hobbles about with the aid of a
crutch." 167. Daniel Webster. 168. Spen
ser. 169. Dryden. 170. Weinsberg. 171.
Eleven years (1649-CO). 172. George W. Ca
ble. 173. Henry Irving. 174. Oliver Wen
dell Holmes. 175. Oliver Goldsmith. 175.
The French revolutionary constitution.
177. Kubla Khan. ITS. Dr. John Bule.
Answers.
190. What American historian lost hli
eye through the throwing of a crust of
bread?
191. What starving English dramatist la
said to have choked on. a crust of bread
received from charity?
192. What President of tha United
States signed himself "Xovang-lus"?
187. What American author has been
described by Lowell as "three-fifths
genius and two-fifth* pure fudge"?
158. What genial essayist was known as
"the American Charles Lamb"?
159. Who is called "The Florence Night
ingale of America"?
152. Who waa elected to the Presidency
upon his return from a four years' Min
istry to England?
153. Who waa the original "TJncle
Sam"? -.,
154. Who was the original "Brother
Jonathan"?
1S3. What American city has neither
Mayor nor municipal government?
1S6. What colored man has twice pre
sided over the United States Senate?
179. The announcement of whose nom
ination for President was the first news
ever sent by magnetic telegraph?
ISO. Where la "the cradle of liberty"?
181. What was the first State admitted
to the United States?
In like manner the courts have decided
on the question of a car dispatcher and
the operatives on a train. In most States,
however, the courts hold that they are- not
fellow servants. One of the cases in which,
the court considered the question at great
length arose In Connecticut. The court
remarked that the train dispatcher was
supreme. The whole power of the corpo
ration, whose duty it was to move th»
train, was delegated to him. He acted in
its name, by Its authority and In Its stead.
The engineer was bound to obey hla order.
An engineer of the company received an
order and he obeyed. He did not know the
consequence, but the company did, or
should have known. In executing th»
order he was Injured. "Reason, justice
and law require that the company should
be held responsible.
ALBERT 3. BOL.L.E3,
Haverford College.
HOME STUDY OTTERIES.
There has been more difficulty over th«
question of car inspectors and brakemen.
In Indiana they are not regarded as fel
low-servant>. In Pennsylvania the court
held differently. "We are clearly of opin
ion." says the court, "that a brakeman
and a car Inspector are in the sanfe- circle
of appointment; they co-operate in tha
same business, and the former knows that
the employment of the latter is one of
the incidents of their common service."
Ohio chimes In with this rule, but kicks
against the rule prevailing almost every
where that a brakeman and conductor on
the same train are fellow-servants.
Car Inspectors and Brake-men.
In Ohio a railroad track repairer waa in
jured by the negllRence of an engineer;
the injured man claimed that they wer©
not engaged in the same common service.
The court thought otherwise. The Court
of Appeals of New York had decided the
same question not long before in the same
manner. The reason for these decisions
wan that the departments of duty occupied
by both were alike, necessary and indls
pensahle for carrying on the primary ob
ject Of the company — namely, the speedy
nnd feafe carrying of passengers and
freight over the road..
Irr New York, Illinois and many other
States the rule first declared by the Su
preme Court of Wisconsin prevails. But
It uoes not everywhere. In the famous
case of Farwell vs. the Boston and Wor
cester Railroad, which was one of the
earliest in this country deciding the great
question that an env/toyer waa not liable
to an employe for an injury caused by
the negligence of another employe, an
engineer was Injured by the carelessness
of a switch tender. Both were held to be
fellow-employes, engaged in the same
common service, and consequently the en
gineer could recover nothing from hia em
ployer. .!..
In "Wisconsin It was first decided in 1SZ-1
that an engineer and brakeman of a train
were fellow-servants: three years after
ward the court decided they were not.
The Judges in the last case disagreed:
some of them were not members of the
court when the first case was tried, but
two of them were members, and one of
these changed his opinion. Finally the
court changed its opinion again and re
turned to its original rule.
Let us begin with the case of a con
ductor. Is he a . fellow-servant of the
brakeraan or of the trainmen with him?
This is the rule in California. Conse
quently, if one is injured by the negli-
Kence of the other, the injured man can
not look to the company i'or relief; for in
law it has not been s ?« .iRcnt toward him.
If an outsider were injured by his negli
gence the rule would be different: the neg
ligence of the employer would be regarded
as the negligence of the company. In one
of the California cases the court said that
"a laborer, a trackworker and a conductor
were all fellow-servants."
Is a Conductor a Fellow-Servant?
States to relieve in cart at least the diffi
culties into which the courts have fallen
in applying 1 this famous rule.
Copyright, 1901, by Seymour Eaton.
Law Lessons for Employers and Em
ployes; Making Plain Who Are
Fellow Servants.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
MANY COASTERS AND DEEP-WATER
SHIPS ARE NOW CLASSED OVERDUE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 16, 1901.
TO SAIL.
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 16.
XIV.
7
eamer.
'est:
.nat.
ion.
1 Sails. I
"ler.
Jannnrjr 16. (
Eureka HuraboMt 9 amlPler 13
Qu«n San Diego 9 am|Pler 11
Gaelic China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Walla Walla. Victoria & Pgt Sd. 11 am Pier 9
Alliance Portld & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 20
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Jannury IT. I
Argo Coqulllo River 4 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N What. 5 pm Pier -i
January is. |
Mandalay — Coqullle River 9 am|PIer 1
Corona Newport 9 %.m Hler 11
Zealandla.... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Newport Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 affl Pier U
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier s
I'ornoria...... Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 18
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 3
.limitary 10.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
January SO.
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
January 21.
Umatllla Victoria & Pgt Sd 9 am Pier 11
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 3
San Pedro... Humboldt 10 ampler 2
; January 22.
Arcata Coos Bay ... r 12 m Pier 13
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
Due.
r.Tandalay CoquUle River Jan. 16
Aigo Coquille River Jan. 16
Victoria Oyster Harbor Jan. 16
n&lnler Seattle Jan. 16
Coronado Grays Harbor Jan. 16
Pomona Humboldt Jan. IB
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 18
Corona Newport Jan. 16
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 17
Hongkong Man China and Japan Jan. 17
Point Arena Point Arena Jan. 17
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 17
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 17
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Jan. 17
Washtenaw Tacoma Jan. 17
San Pedro Humboldt Jan. 17
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. IS
South rortland. Portland and Astoria... Jan. 18
Hyades Seattle Jan. 18
Htlstol '. Comox Jan. 18
Kureka Humboldt Jan. 13
Matteawan:.... Tacoma Jan. 19
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Jan. 19
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Jan. 20
Bcnita Newport Jan. 20
Queen Isnn Diego Jan. 20
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. 21
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 22
St. Paul iPanama Jan. 22
State of Cal.... | Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 22
O I Time Tims Time Time
s> Ft. Ft. Ft. FL
S L. W H W L W H W
lTTT. 1:23 2.8 7:43 5.6 2:54 0.0 10:06 T"s
17... 8:16 2.9 1:26 5.8 3:34—0.4 10:49 4.6
IS... 3:06 8.0 9:10 6.0 4:14—0.7 11:28 4.8
19... 8:54 2.S »:56 6.0 4:52-0.9.
H W L W H W L W
t) ... 0:04 5.0 4:39 2.5 10:41 6.0 6:31—0.9
21... 0:40 S.l 5:27 2.3 11:30 «.O 6:14 —0.6
22 ...| 1:14) 5.8 6:1R 2.1 12:21 5.7 6:53—0.3
O I Time Tims Time Time
s> Ft. Ft. Ft. FL
S L. W H W L W H W
lTTT. 1:23 2.8 7:43 5.6 2:54 0.0 10:06 T"s
17... 8:16 2.9 1:26 5.8 3:34—0.4 10:49 4.6
IS... 3:06 8.0 9:10 6.0 4:14—0.7 11:28 4.8
19... 8:54 2.S »:56 6.0 4:52-0.9.
H W L W H W L W
t) ... 0:04 5.0 4:39 2.5 10:41 6.0 6:31—0.9
21... 0:40 S.l 5:27 2.3 11:30 «.O 6:14 —0.6
22 ...| 1:14) 5.8 6:1R 2.1 12:21 5.7 6:53—0.3
eamer.
'est:
.nat.
ion.
1 Sails. I
"ler.
Jannnrjr 16. (
Eureka HuraboMt 9 amlPler 13
Qu«n San Diego 9 am|Pler 11
Gaelic China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Walla Walla. Victoria & Pgt Sd. 11 am Pier 9
Alliance Portld & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 20
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Jannury IT. I
Argo Coqulllo River 4 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N What. 5 pm Pier -i
January is. |
Mandalay — Coqullle River 9 am|PIer 1
Corona Newport 9 %.m Hler 11
Zealandla.... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Newport Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 affl Pier U
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier s
I'ornoria...... Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 18
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 3
.limitary 10.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
January SO.
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
January 21.
Umatllla Victoria & Pgt Sd 9 am Pier 11
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 3
San Pedro... Humboldt 10 ampler 2
; January 22.
Arcata Coos Bay ... r 12 m Pier 13
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
Due.
r.Tandalay CoquUle River Jan. 16
Aigo Coquille River Jan. 16
Victoria Oyster Harbor Jan. 16
n&lnler Seattle Jan. 16
Coronado Grays Harbor Jan. 16
Pomona Humboldt Jan. IB
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 18
Corona Newport Jan. 16
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 17
Hongkong Man China and Japan Jan. 17
Point Arena Point Arena Jan. 17
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 17
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 17
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Jan. 17
Washtenaw Tacoma Jan. 17
San Pedro Humboldt Jan. 17
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. IS
South rortland. Portland and Astoria... Jan. 18
Hyades Seattle Jan. 18
Htlstol '. Comox Jan. 18
Kureka Humboldt Jan. 13
Matteawan:.... Tacoma Jan. 19
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Jan. 19
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Jan. 20
Bcnita Newport Jan. 20
Queen Isnn Diego Jan. 20
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. 21
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 22
St. Paul iPanama Jan. 22
State of Cal.... | Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 22
I and the Jjify 1
j illustrate the difference. H
j between lard and C|
H ODOtUUEiSS li
I A PURELY VEGETABLE PRODUCT. j|
9 Animal fat may carry disease with it and be fa
I unclean and very indigestible. Pi
9 Wesson's Odorless Cooking Oil is pure, H
a sweet and clean. It never becomes rancid. H
a it goes twice as far as lard or butter! n
a Wesson's Salad Oil it far better value than B
M the finest olive oil and has the same flavor. M
fig Ask your friendly grocer for it. 13
AMUSEMENTS. '
COLUMBIA
MINSTREL CO.
BENEFIT PERFORMANCE
—FOR—
Families of Victims of Glass
Works Accident.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
THURSDAY, JANUARY 17th.
TICKETS ON SALE AT ALL CITY NEWS-
PAPER OFFICES.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900— WINTER MEETING— 190L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
• DEC. Jl TO JAN. 19. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shin*. '
Five or more races each day.
Race* start at 2:1$ p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at IS m. and
12:30, 1, 1:20. 2, 2:80 and I p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at tha entrance to tho
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking;. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San ; Pa bio avenus
eelctrio cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mol» con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. ; These electrto cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave th« track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately aftar tha last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
JL B. M1LR0Y. Secretary.
That large class of people who come un-
der the head of nervous dyspeptics should
eat plenty of meat and insure its com-
plete digestion by the systematic use of
a safe, harmless digestive medicine like
Stuart> Dyspepsia Tablets, composed of
the natural digestive principles, peptones
and diastase, which actually nerform the
work of digestion and give the abused
stomach a chanctf to rest and to furni3'a
the body and brain with the necessary
nutriment. Cheap cathartic medicine!*
masquerading under tue name of dyspep-
sia cures are useless for relief or cure of
Indigestion because they have absolutely
no effect upon the actual digestion of food.
Dyspepsia in all Its forms is simply a
failure of the stomach to dlge9? food ami
the sensible way to solve the riddle and
cure the indigestion Is to make dally usa
at meal time of a safe preparation which
is endorsed by the medical profession aaid
known to contain active dltrestlve prin-
ciples, and all this can truly bo said of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
All druggists throughout the United
States. Canada and Great Britain acll
them at the uniform price ot fifty onu
for full treatment.
As compared with grains and vegetables,
meat furnishes the most nutriment in a.
highly concentrated form and Is digested
and assimilated more quickly than vege-
tables or grains.
Dr. Julius Remusson on this subject
says: Nervous persons, people run down
In health and of low vitality should eat
plenty of meat. If the disestlon Is too
feeble at first it may be easily strength-
ened by the regular use of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets after each meal. Two of
these excellent tablets taken after dinner
will digest several thousand grains of
meat, eggs or other animal food In threj
or four hours, while the malt dlastaso
also contained in Stuart's Tablets causes
the perfect digestion of starchy foods, like
potatoes, bread, etc., and no matter how
weak the stomach may be. no trouble will
be experienced if a vegrular practice Is
made of using: Stuart's Dys-epsia Tablets",
because they supply tho pepsin and dias-
tase so necessary to perfect digestion, aai
any form of indigestion and stomach
trouble except cancer of the stomach will
be overcome by their dally u.«e.
A healthy appetite and common sens*
are excellent guides to follow In matters
of diet, and a mixed diet of grains, fruits
and meats Is undoubtedly the best, ia
spite of the claims made by vegetarians
and food cranks generally.
WHAT SHALL WE EAT
To Keep Healthy and Strong?
AMUSEMENTS.
flLf H EAT R eM>
3d and Final Week.
LAST MATINEE -SATURDAY.
THEATER ALWAYS CROWDED.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In THE ADVEXTURES OP
NELL GWYNNE
Next Week — The Pretty Comedy,
SU/EET LAVENDER.
SEATS NOW READY.
Prices 15c, 25c, 35e. 60c.
MATIXEE TO-DAY, WED.. Jan. 1«.
Parquet, 23c, any teat; balcony. 10c; chll-
flren, 10c, any part except reserved.
THE ORPHEUM'S BIGGEST SHOW YET.
SAM LOCKHART'S
BABY ELEPHANTS!
EUGENE (VROURKE AND COMPANY.
EKly Link, the Fire Olract, J. P. Croshy Jr.,
Inez Form»n and Company, the Willy
Colllnls, Joe Santley. Bettlne Gerard.
THE GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
THIS WEEK LAST CHANCE to See the Bl«
Spectacle.
EVENINGS at 8. MATINEE SATURDAY at 1
Next Week — Perfect Production of
"THE FENCING MASTER."
POPULAR PRICES ....25 and B0 cents.
Telephone— Bush 9.
#* ft B 1 1 113 K$ fl A m FRANCISCO'S
All THE , GREAT PASTORAL
/ * 1 -* 1 -' DRAMA SUCCESS.
this "wj\y
,££. DOWN
WBBK. EAST."
To-morrow Afternoon 2 f^ 0
Saturday Afternoon at Sherman. Clay A Co.
Hall.
Concert by the Buperb Prima Donna Soprano.
M9LLE. DOLORES (^SSS.)
Reserved Seats U SO. Jl and SOc.
nil ¦ pp These hotels pos-
rill fllsP sess the attributes
J that tourists ¦¦"•?¦
(i flu ' travelers, appreciate
UIIU —central" location,
RRANn Iiberal mana ge-
UllKl^ftj merit, modern ap-
llftTri O pointments and
nUILLOi p crf . ect c " is £ c -
_ • ' American and Eu-
Sail PranClSCO. ropean plans.
AMUSEMENTS. i
GRAND' OPERA. MOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ALL, THIS WEEK
Henry Arthur Jones' Famous Play,
THE
ROGUE'S COMEDY.
A GREAT HIT. A GREAT HIT.
Next Week-THB MOTH AND THE FLAME.
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c, 60c
J%. Few Front Kows In Orchestra, 7R Cents.
Oocd Reserved s-ats In Orchestra at All Mat-
inees, 25 Cents.
Brasch Ticket Office, Emporium.
Coming — Bernhardt and Cequelin.
1 HIE TVEEK1 ONXY-MATINEE SATURDAY.
••/\ BREEZY TimE."
MONDAY SflGHT, January 21st.
MRS. FISKE
••BECKY SHARP."
Ftl« c; Eea*s Berir.s TO-MORnOW (Thursday)
MORNING, at » O'CLOCK.
No Reservations by Phone.
PRICES
Ground floor $2.00
Balcony tl.M and ILOO
Gallery 75c and 60c
"Lower boxes Sl^.QO
Vpper Tdcx<"« $ 12.60
Alf Elllnshcus* >'rr>p. and Manager
Phone South 770.
THE GOLDEN* BOOM
Stumped 'With the SesJ of Suecese.
TO-XIGHT ax S:15. All This Week. MATIJCEE
SATURDAY.
Vm. A. Brady and Joseph Grl§mer"8 Produc-
tion,
The Xew Tork Manhattan Theater Screaming
Comedy Success,
A STRANGER?
STRANQE LAND
tAortter Frcra FJse to Fall of Curtain.
KVE I5c, 25c. 60c and 75c
MAT 15c 2ic. 25c and 60c
N«xt f?un-*lnv Afternoon. th» Murtcal Farce-
CMnefly. 'THE FTAR BOARDER."
B^ASCO*~»THALt:Sj* tA 'rt& '
"•* ttftZTt CITY HAH
Phirie South F.3J.
"NOW THOROUGHLY HEATED WITH STEAM
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
"Tiaborate Prr>ductlon cf the Most Brilliant
Play of the Century
The TWO ORPHANS
The Original Union-square Theater Version
With All the Magnificent Scenery Fre- '
pared From the Original Models.
Oorir^ouB Costumes! Auirm'nted Caat*
PDIPPC Rwnlngs- 10c, 15c, 25c. S5c, £*>c.
I niWE.3 MMinw— 10c. 15c SSc.
NEXT WrEK-"DARKEST RUSSIA."
CHUTES AND ZOO ¦sriSSJ"
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
TO-MORROW NIGHT—
THE AMATEURS IN SPECIALTIES
AND A BUA.CK BALLETT.
TELKPHONE FOR FEATS, PARK tt.
FISCHER'S COI i^, R .5. n H .? E V SE
Ore, Bernard and Ore; Marl* D. Wood. Bid
Baxter. Mil*. AtlantU. Routell Brothers. Earl
and Hampton. "Cdyk* Lesly and Other*.
Reserved EeaU SSc Matlne* Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
liiipii
1 f5ldSg5ech
18 steel-tempered springs; wire tied.
An opportunity to get a good bed for
little money.
..SWEEPING REDUCTIONS..
; > In Furniture and Carpets. ;
J Estimate* on complete house-fur-
nishing cheerfully given. , .
./ Free delivery -within 200 miles on J
125 worth and - over. |
I ¦ |
T. Brilliant Fornitnre Co.,
li 338-342 POST ST., fc,,
-i... „.¦.,..;.„¦¦ . ....... -—-^A
flULTRA-ft Woman's Slioel\
From a Woman's Point of View" I
IT'S FIT FOR A QUEEN. 1 I
I $3,50 $3,50 | |
I Style 601 F-iiircM |
I1fiL T -?4> ' c The Debutante * I
oJiDU dO]DU 1
Even- woman has heard of the "Ultra" Shoe for women, ,>j
made in all the many new and shapely lasts and of all the sub- j
I stantial and beautiful leathers. Made and «old for $3.50. The ;
j fame of this shoe has preceded it to San Francisco, and as a jjs
r Fpecial price shoe it has long distanced all competitors in the !
{ East. Of course the styles embrace all the new shapes— the \
mannish, sturdy walking shapes as well as the dainty dress '
, shoe — but they are all comfortable; they all fit the foot. \
r We earn* them in all widths and sizes — because we are the |
sole agents in this city for the "Ultra* 5 and must satisfy all S
people wishing: to buy them. |
j We wish you to call and see this shoe before you buy rj
vour next pair. 5
3 j
H. LESSER, FFIOFRIETOR, \
717 MARKET STREET, Near Third, San Francisco. |THB CALL'S CALENDAR.
NEW YOIIK. Jan. IE.— There was a confus
ing mixture of sentiment In the stock market
to-day. The eteel stocks proved the sensation
of tlie <Jey arid their erratic fluctuations we're
convincing evidence cf the unsettled frame of
xr.lnd airing the eteel interests. There was
eoir.e early weakness in the group In spite ot
en opening rise of Z% in National Tube and
of 2 po4r.ts in Tlnplate. but the \rhcle group
became etrong later and rose en an average
between 1 and 2 points ovtr last night. For
son:* inscrutable reason the declaration of 8
per cent dividend to be distributed In quarterly
periods caused pronounced weakness in the
Eroup. Tiniilate itself drcrped back nearly 5
jioir.ts. The current sunnise as to what divi
dend TrauM be declared reached the limit at 5
-*r cent, eo that the 8 j«t cent dividend was
far in excjfs of the most Fan^uine estimate.
Pome Felling to realize by insiders was to be
«>x.l>ecte<J. but the turprising fact was that the
buying attracted by the larse disbursement
tves quite significant and <»r.t!re!y Inadequate to
absorb the real I zinc.
The more moderate conjectures as to the
future lavcraiile developments In other steel
ctorks made speculators feel that their move
ment on Rood news was likely to be similarly
disapnointisig. The bears were not slow to
take advantage of this frame of mind. Their
toiling forced an extreme decline of €"4 In Fed
eral Steel, accompanied by a rumor that to
day'n dividend would Mmp'y be a quarterly of
VJt. per cent, omitting the expected lump divi
dend of I per cent. After the close ot the
market a 5 jx-r cent dividend was declared.
Eteel and Wire was forced down 4% and Na
tional £teel. Smelting, Steel Hoop, Colorado
Fuel and National Tube from 2 to 3 points.
Tlie episode is by acme regarded as reflecting
the impression produced by the utterances and
projects pi the country's leading steel mag-
Rate. •"¦« th« same influence *»-aa perhaps
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Bay Co PCo5s.l04*i — Dak Water 5s.lP2"4 —
Cal-st Cab Es. 116 — Oceanic SS 5s.lO8»i —
C C Water 5s.lC*»«4 — Pm C Ry 6s.. 128 —
Ed L & P 6s.. 131 135 Pac O Imp 4s.lOO —
F & Cl Ry 68.114% — P4ORy 6u.l05 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — P & O R R 6a. — _
H C & S 6%s. — — Powell-st R Ss. 118 —
Do Cs 104 — Sac E G&R on. — lot)
L A Ry 53. ...111% — S F & SJV 6s.l20 120U
L A Lt Co 6s. — — S R of Cal 6a.U0 —
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 S P R of A 6s.U0*i —
Do 5s — — S P C fcs (1905
L A P R R 5S.100 — Series A) ...109% _
Markt Cab 6s. US — Do (Series' B)110V —
Do lat M 69.122 — Do (1906) ....HI 113
N C N G R 7s. — VO Do (1912) ....121 _
N R of Cal 6a.H2 113 S P R 1st g Bs.107 lCS't
Do 6s 120 — S P BR C 6s. 131*4 —
N P C R R 6s.l01% — S V Water 6a..ll4% —
Do 6s ........106% — Do 4s 103*4104
N Cal Ry 6s. .110%— Do 3d mtge. 101*4 —
O O L & H 88.110% — Stktn Gas 6a.. 103 —
Oak Tran 6«... — 116*4
WATER STOCKS. '
Contra Costa.. 70»4 — iSprin-f Valley.. JJti _
Marln County. 61% — I
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
, Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. 114 114',4 Us do jcp (new) 137% —
4a do reg 114 114%l3s do coup 110 —
UNITED STATES BONDS.
STOCK ANT> BOND EXCHANGE
TUESDAY, Jan. 15—2 p. m.
The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Columbian Banking Company waa held
January 12. The usual semi-annual dividend
at the rate of 6 per cent per annum was de
clared at the beginning of the year. The fol
lowing were elected directors: I. j. Truman
W. S. Miller, Colonel J. C. Currier C O
Perry, F. I* Turpln. John Coop and R. L.
Llllenthal. I. J. Truman was elected president;
W. S. Miller, vice president: Colonel J. C
Currier, secretary: F. L. Holland, cashier; C.
A. Smith,' assistant cashier.
The feature on the morning session of the Oil
Exchange was the continued decline In Han
ford to $9S. against 1120 on Monday. SaJes
were In very email lots. Peerlens advanced to
$S 60, other changes being slight.
In the afternoon there were no violent
changes.
Stacks and bonds were in better movement
on the Bond Exchange, but prices showed. no
change worthy of note. Values were steady as
a rule.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales. •
Second Session— No sales. . ;
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales. : t . : '
OATS — The demand has b^n poor during the
past few . days, but there is no weakness ap
parent, as stocks are very light. '
White. *i 201HI 50; "Surprise; nominal; Red.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls
$104H- - -
Second Session— May— 4000 ctls, $1 OVA; 2000.
U 04%.
Regular ' Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls
$104%; 4000, $104%. ¦ • .
Afternoon Session— May— «000 ctls, $104%.
BARLEY— All descriptions are . weak at the
recent decline/ with nothing doing.
Feed. 75c for choice bright.' 72%@73*4c for No.
1 and 70c for oft grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades. 77%®82%c ; Chevalier, . nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Liverpool, Paris and New York
were all lower, and Chicago also opened at a
decline, in sympathy with the foreign markets.
There was a fair demand at the de
cline, though St.' Louis gold freely. Coun
eclman & I>ay and Armour were moderate
buyers. Hopes of Wall-street support encour
nge holders and fears of It tend to discourage
slort selling, all cf which keeps the market
unsettled. Uradstreet's estimates for the week
show an increase of S22.C00 bushels east of the
Heckles and a decrease of 1,200,000 bushels In
1 lurope and afloat, giving a total decrease of
37S.00O bushels. ' Snow cables irom Argentine
that the harvest there is a great disappolnt
lannt, the best authorities estimating the. ex
portable surplus at 41,COO,000 bushels, though
many estimate as high as 55,000,000.
The local market is lower and flat at the de
cline. " - •
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 9S*ic; milling, $1 02>4
©105 per ctl. . '*
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are weak at 38s 9d,
usual options, and it Is reported that steamers
are again seeking the grain trade for business.
The chartered wheat fleet In port has a regis
tered tonnage of 41,140, against 46,480 tons on
the same date last year; disengaged, 4473 tons,
against 4S40; on the way to this port, 109,950
tons, against 177,000., .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $1 84',4
Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 SS^i
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight...... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ¦ 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63Vi
Mexican Dollars, nominal SO^ @ 61
Exchange and Bullion.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
A. G. McAfile. section director of the climate
tr.d ercp service of the Weather Bureau, makes
the following report fcr the week ending Mon
day: •
•Temperatures belcw the normal have con
tinued <iurlE« the week In nearly all parts of
the State and severe frosts have occurred in
rr.nst sections. The vcail.er has been gener
ally cloudy or leggy, ar.4 rain has fallen
through >m the entire State. These conditions
sr* regarded as favorable for ail agricultural
Interests. The cold weather has checked too
rapid gfowth of grain and the premature bud
ding of deciduous Iruits. With the exception
of slight injury to citru>- fruits in portions of
Jiouthern California and to pasturage in some
localities, the e«vere frosts caused no damage.
"The rain has been very beneficial, particu
larly in Fouthcrn California, \vh*re it is re
ported the- precipitation has b.een sufficient to
Insure good crors If conditions continue favor
able. In all oiher portions of the Slate there
has been an abundance of rain for present pur
poses, and warni. clear weather would be wel
comed by farmers. Plowing and seeding have
been euspende'l except en the sandy uplands
and in most j.laees the soli is too wet fur con
tinuing this work at present. A large acreage
of grain has sJready bten sown and this will
be materially increased as soon as possible.
There will also be a large acreage of sugar
beets and b*ar.s.
-"Eariy sown Frain and alfalfa are making
good prewth. with indications of heavy crops.
Pasturace is abundant in all sections. Fruit
trees are in good condition and pruning is
r>rogreEEinjr. oranges are plentiful and of good
quality: the crop has been gathered in some
eecuons."
Nrd' York Raisin Market.
Mail acivlee« from New Tork say:
"Prices show no change in any quarter and
trade is e'.ow. The feeling on California raisins
continues to improve and demand from the
Jobbing trade is more active, particularly for
3-crown loose. 5a!es. however, are mostly of
FTr.all lots. Nevertheless, taken with the in
quiry from the West, this Elfphtly better busi
ness causes a more hopeful feeling en the epot.
Th^re was an ur.verlfied report late In the day
that a Chicago bid had l>een made for 3-crown
loo*e of J ic better than the price at which re
cent sales were tr.ade to the West. The market
on 2-crown is f.rra at €c
"Currants are (lull on the spot, but cables
report stronger market In Greece. l>ates are
et«?a<3y with a little better denand. Sales of
ever &00 boxes were reported during the day.
Prunes continue neglected. Evaporated apples
are Qotet but firm."
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 15—6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate, as • corr.pared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours :
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
t*: rr.inimum, 45; mean. t2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The rreerure continues high over the north-
Trestern portion of the country. During the
Fast twenty-fcur hours there has been a rise
of more than four-tenths of an Inch over
Nevada. Idahi and Orepon. Conditions con
tinue favorable for settled fair weather over a
larce part of the Pacific Coast.
The temperature has risen in the Sacramento
and San Joa/juin valleys. It has fallen over
Eattorn Nevada and Utah.
LlBbt rain ha» fallen over Washington and
Northern Oregon.
Forecaet made at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours ending ir.lir.lght, January 16, 1&C1:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; light
northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
northerly wind.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday; -varmer.
Utah— Fair Wednesday; warmer Wednesday
night.
Arizona— Fair "Wednesday; light northerly
v.".n&s.
fc'an Francieco ar.d vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
light northerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
* — j{.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— FLOUR— Receipts.
1 34,273 bbls. : exports. 99CO bbls. Practically at '
I a standstill, as mills refuse concessions ar.d
j buyers will not pay old asking prices. Winter
! patents, |3 60£ 4; winter straights, {3 4'g3 55;
Minnesota patents, $4Q4 35.
WHEAT— Receipts, SS.COO bushels; spot, easy.
No. 2 red. Sic f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 79%c
elevator; No. 1, Northern Duluth, E6c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 90*ic f. 0. b. afloat.
Options were generally weak all day and ex
ceedingly dull In absence of Wall street or
other prominent Interests. Heaviness was also
inspired by bearish cables, liberal primary re
ceiptp, smaller seaboard clearances and mod-
I irate liquidation. Closed at %Q*4c net de
! cline: January closed, 79'/sc; March SOTiQ'Slc.,
I closed Sic; May SlViQ81%c, closed 81*4c; July
I S-OHSSO ii-icc, closed 80%c
: HOPS — Steady.
HIDES-Firm. !
I WOOL— Dull.
I COFFEE— Spot— Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice. 7Hc:
I mild, dull; Cordova, 8@12Uc. Futures closed
with prices unchanged to 5 points higher.
Total sales, 6475 bags, including: March, $5 85,
May, $5 95; June, $5 95; August, $6, and Sep
tember,J6@6 05.
BUTTER — Receipts 8300 packages; firm.
Creamery, ie@17c; June creamer}', 15® 20c; fac
tory. 11Q14C.
EGGS— Receipts, SC04 packages; fairly steady.
Western average, packed at mark, 18%(g20c;
Western, loss off. 20%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled rath
e'r quiet, but about steady at unchanged prices.
State common, 3"i@4"4c; prime, 5@5*4c; choice,
5%©6; fancy, 6Q7c. ,
, California dried fruits dull, 3%@8%c for
1 prunes, as to clze and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark, 8%@
15c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 6%@10c
New York Grain and Produce.
The Weather and Crops.
Experts cf specie from this port in 1900 were
tC2.ST7.700, against j:?,S14."30 for 1S29, the lead
ing descriptions being as follows: Silver bul
lion, $1.5;^,23€: Mexican dollars. $10,011,334; sil
ver cola. J4S7.S0"; sold coin. $4,153,600; currency
end bonds, £3,G£*.77O. The leaxiir.s destinations
•were: Cblna, tl«.4Kl.!SS; New Ycrk. $7,17ts,7S0.
Export cf Specie.
CHICAGO, Jan. IS.— May wheat opened %c
lower at 77%c to 77%c and under the discour
agement of weak Liverpool cables and liberal
Northwest receipts sagged to 76%c. On the
theory that a reaction was about due there
was some buying on the declines and prices
slowly climbed over the 77c mark and later,
moved thereto by a decrease of 37S.0OO bushels
In the world's visible, touched 77%((i77%c. The
heavy primary receipts and lack of outside
support caused a reaction and the close was
weak. May J ,4@"4c down at 77c.
Corn was dull but fairly steady, although the
crowd kept a close eye on wheat and ran at
small losses. Uncertainty over the weather,
which at present Is not favorable to the move
ment, had a steadying effect, although It was
reported that country holders were preparing
to rush large quantities to market, the car
supply having become more nearly adequate.
The grade of corn being received shows no
Improvement. . May closed '/ic lower at 38V4C?
There was a narrow market for oats and the
trade was bare of features • in a speculative
way. although there continued to be a good
cash demand. The movement from first hands ;
continued liberal, but desirable grades were
hard to get. May closed V»c lower at 24%c.
Provisions were quiet and steady. The open-
Ing was higher In sympathy with higher prices
at the yards, followed by a further bulge on
the good cash demand. Prices reacted from the
top on realizing by scalpers, but the close was
steady. May pork closed 2Vic higher, May lard
6<S7Hc up and May ribs oc Improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows: .
ArticleB-* Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— •
January 74'i 74V 74% 74%
February 74'i 74*4 74»4 : 74%
May 77li ¦.77>4 76% 77
Corn No. 2—
January 36*4 26*4 36% 86%
February 37 37%' 36*i ' 36*4
May 88% 3S=,i 38% ¦ 38%
Oats No. 2—
January 23«i 23H 23% 23%
May 25 25 24** 24*4
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 16 60 14 60 14 17% 14 17%
May 14 30 14 45 14 27% 14 27%
Lard, per 100 pounds-* . .
January 7 52% 7 52% 7 47% 7 47%
March ...7 52% 7 53 7 52% 7 52^4
May .....753 7 C2%." 7 65 -7 60
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January • ...... 7io
May 7 22'j 7 SO 7 22% , 7 25
Cash quotations were. as follows:
Flour, quiet and unchanged ; No." J' spring
I wheat. 71©72c; No. 2 red, 75%®77Uo: k*. b
traceable the weakness of the trunk line rail
road stocks, the magnate's projects being re
r>orted to Include the construction of a railroad
line from Chicago to the seaboard by way of |
Pittt-burg. in order to secure satisfactory j
freight rates for himself. Pennsylvania and j
New York Central were both off two points, j
Although the market generally gave way in the
late dealings in sympathy with the break in
the steel stocks. there were examples of I
strength in the earlier part of the day. The i
Erie stocks were generally and persistently
strong and the grangers and Pacifies were at ,
one time h!gher than last night. Kanawha
and Michigan was advanced flve points. St. I
Louis am* an Francisco was strong on a
rumor of plan for retiring the company's
first prefened stock. At the low point the ex
treme decline in Burlington was 2\. In St.
Paul H£. In Lackawanna 2H and in Delaware
and Hudson 3 l ». Sfugar was erratic and dropped
4 points from the early advance, closing with a
ret Iojs of 3^. The break in sterling exchange
this mcnjir.g made it evident that gold would
not go out immediately and this had an effect
on the early strength of the market. The i
money rate ran up to 4 per cent Just before •
the close and rej>orts were current of some j
enormous borrowings by the Pennsylvania on
account of its purchases of stocks of other rail
roads during the past vear. A Philadelphia
dispatch placed the amount raised by the com
pany eince January 1 as high as $50,000,000.
Payments on account of the Pennsylvania
Coal Company are also this week Involving
some very heavy operations. Cash continues
to flow to this center in very large amounts I
and no notable hardening of the money mar
ket is thought to be possible. j
Bonds were weak in sympathy with stocks. •
TctaJ sales, par value. J2.160.0CO.
i United State3 refunding 2s declined H per
cent and Es coupon \-i on the last call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Etarei Closing
Sold. Etock— Bid.
10.700 Atchison 45%
&.200 Atchison prefd S6»» i
11,600 Baltimore & Ohio 91^ j
100 Canadian Pacific E&Vi j
100 Canada Southern 67
8.700 Chesapeake & Ohio S3»i
S.1C0 Chicago Great Western 17V*
17,800 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 142H
400 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 25
DOG Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd... 60
' SttO Chicago & Eastern Illinois 94*i
Chicago & Northwestern 173
S.10O Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific.... 123
3>?0 C C C & St Louis 79
COO Colorado Southern 7H
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42U I
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16*i j
2.700 I>elaware & Hudson 152V*
200 Delaware, Lack & Western 194
£00 Denver &. Klo Grande Sl> t
Denver & Rio Grande prefd £3';
IS.V4) Erie SOS
43.2fiO Erie 1st prefd 67»i
300 Great Northern prefd 194?i
2tO Hocking Coal 14
2,&i."> Hocking Valley 45
400 Illinois Central 13014
100 Iowa Central 24
200 Iowa Central prefd E.O14
Lake Erie & Western 43V* '
lake Erie & Western prefd Ill ;
Lake Shore 230
9.700 Louisville & Nashville 83%
3V.40O Manhattan Elevated 121
4,500 Metropolitan Street Railway 166
500 Mexican Central 14H
1,200 Minneapolis &. St Louis C9»4
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 106
ll.EfiO Missouri Pacific 84%
300 Mobile & Ohio 46
8.100 MiPFOuri. Kansas & Texas 1G%
15.500 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd 47r»
100 New Jersey Central 155 |
7.1M New York Central 143 i
6.S00 Norfolk & Western 45T4 j
Norfolk i Western prefd S3 •]
13. COO Northern Pacific &2V4 ,
3.:r«) Northern Pacific prefd 86% j
22.1W Ontario & Western 32%
Or Ry & Nav, nominal: 42
Or Ry & Nav prefd, nominal 76
15,200 Pennsylvania 1*8*4
26,170 Reading 33H
9.000 Reading 1st prefd 'Z\h
fc.OOO Reading 2d prefd 43»i
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western prefd 62
10,300 Bt Loula and San Francisco 27H
200 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd SS
6,210 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 67V4
1.IO0 Ft Louis. Southwestern 22
H.SOO fit Louis, Southwestern prefd C0%
47.M0 St Paul 1«H
fit Paul prefd 168
Bt Paul & Omaha 135
22.200 Southern Pacific .' 42>i
4.SO0 Southern Railway 20H
3.200 Southern Railway prefd 71V4
S.000 Texas & Pacific 2C*» j
63.&C0 Union Pacific U x /t
40.700 Union Pacific prefd S3»/i
1.200 Wabash ML
3.200 Wabash prefd 26Vi
700 Wheeling & L B 12
LOOO Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 2SH
3,100 Wisconsin Central 16%
COO Third A\-enue 121H
1,200 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 86%
14.500 National Tube 66
1,000 National Tube prefd 99
Express companies—
Adams 145
200 American 170
100 United States li'-i
100 Wells-Fargo 135
Miscellaneous—
€00 American Cotton Oil 29^
American Cotton Oil prefd 88
American Malting 454
100 American Malting prefd 25'^
22.C00 American Smelting & Refln.; 64%
3.000 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 93
American Spirits f. IV*
American Spirits prefd 17
S.GCO American Bteel Hoop 29
400 American Steel Hoc? prefd 75H
21.203 American Pteel & Wire 40V*
1.200 American Steel ft Wire prefd tih
46.100 American Tin Plate 6Q\
1,200 American Tin Plate prefd SOVi
16,100 American Tobacco lHVi
American Tobacco prefd 143
3^0 Anaconda Mining Co A. 4G*;
17.500 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 84"-<i
j 6,7f>0 Colorado Fuel & Iron ««i
S9.300 Continental Tobacco ' 44V4
700 Continental Tobacco prefd &4'-i
1 S3.&00 Federal Steel 5"U
! 2.900 Steel prefd 73Vi
! 8,000 General Klectric f!»
Glucose Sugar 4$
I Glucose Sugar prefd 34
200 International Paper 22«4
2,900 International Paper prefd 71 y;
Leclede Gas 70
400 National Biscuit 30>4
200 National Biscuit prefd 92
' National Lead 16«£
200 National Lead prefd S5Vb
7.400 National Steel 40«i
i 100 National Steel prefd 92
j New York Air Brake 154'
2,500 North American 20T»
' , Pacific Coast ". 57V4
¦ I Pacific Coast 1st prefd.... 91
1 I Pacific Coast 2d prefd G6'i
VA Pacific Mall 42
' 14.KO0 People's Gas 10H4
2,2<<0 Pressed Steel Car 43"g
|l J00 Pressed Steel Car prefd ....;.. ' 79li
Pullman Palace Car 198
' Standard Rope & Twine -41^
ES.100 Sugar 133%
DO0 Sugar prefd '.... 118
; 3, €01 Tennewee Coal & Iron ..¦ 66*4
7.2O0 United States Leather I2i£
3.000 United States Leather prefd ...;.... 73U
1 j 4.S00 United States Pubber 2H4
J l.Z r O United States Rubber pref-d GO
4.S'".0 Western Union ... 835,,
• S.JOO Amalgamated Copper :. 904
3.200 Republic Iron &. Steel Co 14<i
: £00 Republic Iron & Kteel Co prefd...... ftf'
I PC-C&St Louis ....67
1 1.113,200 Shares cold.
CORN — Spot, easy: American mixed new. 3s
ll%d; American mixed old, is Id. Futures,
quiet; January, 3s 10?4d; March, 3s 9\d; May,
3c 9U<1. ¦
_
WHEAT— Spot, strong; No. 1 California, Cs
Ed; No. 1 red Western winter, 6s 2Ud; No.- 1
Northern spring, 6s 4V^d. Futures, steady;
March, 6s l%d; May, 6s l%d.
LIVERPOOL, Jan 15.— Wheat in Paris, weak;
flour in Paris, quiet; French country markets,
dull; weather In England, frost. ¦'--* - ••:
COTTON— Uplands, 6Hd.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Jan. 15.— Consols, 97?J. Silver.
29^d. French Rentes, 10K 97&c. Cargoes No. 1
Standard California, 303 6d; cargoes Walla
Walla. 29s 3d; English country markets, quiet.
Foreign Markets
The combined stock of wheat at Portland,
Tacoma and Seattle increased 6000 bushels last
week.
TACOMA, Jan. 15.— Wheat, quiet and un
changed; Bluestem, 67%c; Club, 55c.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND, Jan. 15.— In the local market
but few exporters were quoting over 65%c for
Walla Walla to-day and some of them were
shading that figure half a cent.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Jan. 15.— Clearings, $441,017;
balances, $132,639.
Portland's Business.
London Wool Auction.
LONDON. Jan. 15.— The first series of the
1901 wool auction sales opened to-day. There
¦was a large attendance \ and competition was
brisk. The average of prices was 6 to 7tf per
cent above the October sales. Merinos and
Cape of Good Hope and Natal sold 5 to 7V4 per
cent and cross breds par to 5 per cent higher.
The offerings numbered 7826 bales and were
too small to fairly test the market. Merinos
displayed a good tone and at top prices were
in request. Cross breds were offered In small
lots and met with a good demand. Cape of
Good Hope and Natal cross breds sold readily,
greasies 5 and scoured 7% per cent dearer.
Territory wools, scoured basis: Montana and
Wyoming — Fine medium and fine. 16<?M7c:
scoured, 46@47c; staple, 49<g5Oc. ! Idaho— Fine
medium and fine, 15®16c; scoured, 46@47c;
staple, 49®50c; No. 2 medium, 16(ffl8c; scoured,
42@43c. Australian, scoured basis, spot prices
—Combing superfine, nominal, 75c; good, 67@70c;
average. 64@67c.
BOSTON, Jan. 15.— There is an Improvement
here in the wool market this week, although
business Is far from lively. Prices, however,
hold firm. Territory wools hold their places at
the ton of the list of sales.
Boston Wool Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— Cotton closed steady;
unchanged.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— Speculative energy,
was conspicuous by Its absence in the local
metal market to-day. A few small sales of Lake
Superior cotton at $17 12»4 was the only Impor
tant feature, but, however, as demand for that
article was fair, it was held for higher rates,
and at the close $17 was bid wlfh no offerings.
Casting was unchanged at $16 62>4- Tin ruled
dull and unchanged at $26 25. Lead and spelter
continue quiet aniJ without change at $4 37V4 and
$4 10 and ?4 15 respectively. Pigiron warrants
quiet, $3 60@10 50; Northern Foundry. J15S16 50.
New York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 15.000. Choice, Heady,
others 10c lower. Lambs, firm: good to choice
wethers. $3 75@4 65: fair to choice mixed. $3 40
®3 SO; Western sheep. $3 75@4 65: Texas sheep,
$2 50®3 60: native lambs, $4@5 50; Western
lambs, $5@5 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 80,000; to-morrow, 80,000; left
over, 3000. Steady to 5c lower; top, $5 40. Mixed
and butchers', $5 10® 5 37V4: good to choice
heavy, $5 25<@5 40; light. $5 10<Q>5 85; bulk of
sales, $5 20@5 SO.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15.— CATTL&-Rece!pts, WOO,
including 1300 Texans. Choice steers, steady;
others slow to 10c lower. Butchers' stock,
steady, active. Texans. 6c to 10c lower. Good
to prime steers, $5 25©6: poor to medium, $3 60
65 10; Etockers and feeders, strong to 10c high
er, $2 75@4 60; cows. $2 7O®4 25; heifers, $2 60®
4 65; canners, $2@2 75: bulls, slow. $2 6534"30:
calves, 25c lower, $4@6. Texas fed steers, $4@
4 80; Texas grass steers, jK 30® 4; Texas bulls,
$2 50®3 62H<
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increase, 822,000 bushels; afloat for and
in Europe, decrease, 1,200.000 bushels: total sup
ply, decrease, 378,009 bushels. Corn— United
States and Canada, east of Rockies, increase.
604.000 bushels." Oats — United .States and Can
ada, east of Rockies, decrease, 1,077,000 bushels.
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15.— Special cable and tele
graphic communications, to Bradstreets show
the following changes !n available supplies
from last accounts:'
Available Grain Supply.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Feb. Mar. May.
Opening 6 2 6 2',»
Closing 6 1H 6 1?4
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening 19 00 20 SO
Closing 19 05 20 SO
Flour — >-•/•;-• ,:•'
Opening 24 50 25 70
Closing 24 55 25 65
Sharp decline in Butter. Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Half a dozen cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-day.
Bananas continue to choke the market. Fine Apples firm.
Some Eastern nibbling at Dried Fruit.
Hams, Bacon and Lard firm, but unchanged.
Rather more inquiry for Wool.
Hides, Talhzv and Hops dull.
Another fractional advance in Hogs.
Beef and Veal higher. Mutton and Lamb firm.
Asparagus arrived from the Sacramento River.
Increased exports of specie from this port.
Telegraphic Exchange on Nezv York higher. Silver lower.
Wheat lozver and dull and freights weak.
Barley neglected. Oats dull, but firm.
No demand for Corn and Rye.
Hay and Feedstu ffs as previously quoted.
Beans and Seeds dull, with a decline in Pink Beans.
Onions higher and Szceet Potatoes firm.
Southern Vegetables in light receipt and nominal.
Poultry lozi-er and zvcak. Game steady.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 15.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
! balances, $135,514,631; gold, $72,703,271.
ConditioiiTof'thcl Treasury.
NEW YORK, Jan. la.— Money on call, steady,
at 2^S4 per cent, last loan 2Vt. Prime mercan
tile paper. 4Q5 per cent. Sterling exchange,
easier, with actual business in bankers' bills
at $4 S74i4 87% for demand and at $4 83% for
sixty days. Posted rates, $4 84^4 88. Commer
cial bills, $4 82HS4 83. Silver certificates, 64H
@65M:C. Bar silver,- 63U,. Mexican dollars,
43\c.
Honda — Government weak; State, Inactive;
railroad, weak.
New York Money Market.
Atchison, 47; CanaSian Pacific, 92: Union Pa
cific preferred. S6; Northern Pacific preferred.
S9: Grand Trunk, 7%: Anaconda, 8;- Rand
Mines, 3TH- Bar silver, steady, 29%d per
ounce. Money, 2H@3 per cent.
The markets here were active and generally
cheerful to-day. The market is expecting
American gold shipments and also views the
Cape situation more favorably. Americans
opened heavy and Idle, but soon rallied on the
jurchase of large blocks of Eries on rumors
fttributed to the Morgans. Later New York
r.temed disposed to sell, causing a weak close
al about the lowest.
The bank lost £50,000 gold to India.
CLOSING.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding I do 4s 87
reg 10o*i N Y Cent lsts 106?i
; do coup 106U1N J Cent gen 5s l!8
do 3s reg 109^,jXo Pac Ss 70»i
do coup HO 1 do 4a 104'i
do new 4s reg. . . 136ij | N Y C & St L 4s.. 108%
do coup 137'/.jNorf & W con 4s. .100
do old 4s reg 114 *|Or N.iv Jsts 109
do coup 114 j do 4s 103?i
do 5s reg Hi^jOr S Line 6s 1234'«
do coup ni-ki do con Cs 116U
DIs of Col 3. 60s.... 125 (Reading gen 4s 93T»
Atchison gen 4s...lO2*»!R G W lsts 99
do adj 4j> SSVi'st L & I M con 6s.ll4<&
Can So 2ds 103'sfU L & S F gen 6s.l2S
Cfces & Ohio 4»is..lOU4|St Paul cons 186
do f.s l2n>i|St P C & Pac lsts.H8
C & N W con 7s. .13S?i do 5s 119»i
do S F deb 5s.. ..123 'So Pac 4s 83%
Oil Term 4s 92V4 So Ry 5s 112
Tolo So 4s Mt£ S Ro^e & T 6s.... 69
D & R G 4s ioo>i Tex & Pac lsts ..115V4
Erie ren 4s S4U do 2ds 92
Ft W & D C lsts.. S0H Union Pac 4s 105%
«en Elec 6s 153 Wabash lsts HS^a
Iowa Cent lsts ...115VS do 2ds 110
L & Nash unl 4s..HX>u West Shore 4s ....114%
M K & T 2ds 77U Wis Cent 4s 85>4
Straw, tons 16;Va Centuries 96H
MIXING STOCKS.
Adams Con . 20. Little Chief 16
Alice 45 Ontario 6 25
Breeee 22 OO'Ophir 70
Brunswick Con 27jPhoenlx 10
Comstock Tunnel.. C5|Potosi 10
Con Cal & Va 1 70 Savage 15
Deadwood 54 Sierra N T e\-ada .... 28
Horn Silver 1 10 j Small Hopes 70
Iron Silver 65jStandard 4 00
Leadvllle Con 061
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 1 Union Land 8
Call loans .404% I West End 93
Time loans 4@4% Westlngh Elec ... 65
Stocks — Bonds —
A T & St Fe 45H Atchison 4s 101H
Do prefd So l ,i N E Gas & C 5s.. 65
Amer Sugar 133 Mining Shares-
Do prefd 117^1 Adventure ..... 9%
Bell Tel 160 Blngham Co ...... 15%
Boston & Albany. 251 Amal Copper 90Vi
Boston El 159 Atlantic 28
Boston & Maine... 194 Boston &. Mont.... 323
Chi Bur & Q 142 Butte & Boston... 79
Dominion Coal 37i$ Calumet £ Hecla.830
Do prefd 108 Centennial 23
Federal Steel 51 Franklin 16V4
Do rrefd 74 Humboldt 50
Fltchburg prefd... 139% Osceola 82V4
Gen Electric 1S<^ Parrott 49>,i
Do prefd 161H Quincy 176
Ed Elec 111 222 Santa Fe Copper.. 6V5
N E Gas & Coke..l22Vi Tamarack 330
Old Colony 206 Utah Mining 33
Old Dominion — 31% Wlnona 5^i
Rubber 21 Wolverines 48V*
Union Pacific 84H
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creamery, 14@19c; Dairy,
12@lSc. Cheese. 10U@U94c Eggs, dull; fresh,
18c.
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23,000 41,000
Wheat, bushels 87,000 18.000
Corn, bushels 405,000 170,000
Oats, bushels 537,000 271,000
Rye. bushels 16.000 3,000
Barley, bushels 130.000 17.000
corn, 87c; No. 2 yellow, 37c; No. J oats, 24®
24>4c; No. 2 white. 26V4@27c; No. 3 white. 26?ic;
No. 2 rye, 63c; No. 3 barley. 62<©60c: No. 4.
$1 «4; No. 1 flax seed. $1 65; prime timothy
seed, 54 65; mess pork, per barrel. $14 20@14 2j;
lard, 'per 100 pounds, $7 42V4@7 50; short ribs
sides (loose), $7@7 30; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 6H®<Hic: short clear sides ' (boxed).
$7 40@7 CO; whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gallon. $1 27; sugars, cut loaf, 6.39c; granu
lated, 5.75c; standard A, 5i69c; clover, $11.
:: CURED MEATS— Bacon, H@llJ4e per lb for
heavy, HV6@12c for light medium, ViMQIZa for
light, 13ft@14c for, extra light and 15©16Uc for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 11U@
12c; Mecs Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess, $13;
Hams are quoted firm in the East, but there
Is no' Improvement here.. Bacon and Lard are
also firm, but the demand for all descriptions
is poor. .X$S3i3&Si . ¦
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 13H@H%c for bright and 12%
«T13c for light amber; water white extracted
7%fftSc; light amber extracted, 6Vi@7c: dark'
6€?<5»4c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24j?28c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 9c per lb for Italian-
Walnuts. No. ,1 softshell. lie; No. 2, 8c: No i
hardshell. 10c; No. 2. 7%o: Almonds, 12@13c for
paprrshell, 9i311c 'for Boftshell; Peanuts. 6<f?6c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c- Pe
cans. ll«/13c: Cocoanuts. $3 60®5. •• "
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas—
Fancy, 10V4c per lb; choice, 9%c; standard, 8%c;
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,'
60-lb boxes. 6%c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers!
2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $l 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, ?2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common, shipping points in
California.
FRUITS — Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c:
3O-40S, 7c; 40-50S, 6%c: 50-CCs. 4Vic; 6O-70s, 8?ic;
70-SOs, 3Vic; S0-90s, 2%c; 90- 100s, 2Vic; 10O-120s,
lVic; rubles, Vic premium; Sonomas; He and
San. Joaqulns Uc less than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Apri
cots, 6©Sc for Royals and lOfflO'^c for Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 5@6c; sun-dried,
3'.iffi4%c; Peaches. 4© 5c for standard, 5@6c for
choice and 6H©"c for fancy; Pears. 2®7c*
Plums, pitted, 5®6%c; unpitted, KfflHe; Nec
tarines. b&^Mc for red and 5H®Sc for white.
Dealers report rather mere Inquiry from the
East, now that stocktaking Is over, but It Is
merely nibbling at best, as no business has
resulted. Still, it gives hopes of some move
ment later on. >
At least six cars of Oranges are announced
for to-day's auction. . The sunny and " warm
weather 1b expected to revive the lately de
pressed trade In citrus fruits.
The market Is still choked with Bananas.
Fine Apples continue firm. But few Pears
are seen now.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 35ii?65c per box for common and 75c
@$l 60 for good to choice; Spltzenbergs, $1 25©
1 75; Oregon Spltzenbergs, $1 25<@1 60; Lady Ap
ples, nomnlal.
PEARS — 60c<f?$l per box.
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys. $12; Wlsconslns,
$13 W; Cape Cod. $14 per barrel.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1@2;
Seedlings. Sftcffll 25; Tangerines, nominal; Man
darins, 85c<3$l; Lemons, 25c@$l 25 for common
and $1 60(32 50 for good to choice; Grape Fruit,
EOc@$l EO; Mexican Limes, $4 60^5; California
Limes, 25@35c; Bananas, 50c($$l 60 per bunch;
Pineapples, 7Ec@$2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage— California fancy. ; standard, ;
Eastern fancy, 20c; standard, ; seconds,
There was a radical drop in Butter on the
Exchange, but It did not seem to improve the
situation much, as the dealers reported a con
tinued Vull market, with an basence of out
side orders, and plenty of stock on hand.
Eggs were still reported steady In spite of
larger receipts, while . Cheese was quoted
weak.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 44,300 lbs Butter, 641 cases California
Eggs, cases Eastern Eggs, 1070 lbs Cali
fornia Cheese and lbs Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Extras, 20c; firsts, 18c; seconds,
17c.
Dairy— Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds,. 14c;
store, 12c.
Storage— Creamery extras, 19c; firsts, 17c;
seconds, ; dairy extras, .
Pickle— 17c per lb.
Keg— ISc per lb. ¦.;:,>•; r
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 12c; choice.
lOVfcc: common, nominal; Young Americas,
12c; Eastern, full cream, ISS'lSVic per lb.
EGGS—
California rancli — Selected white, 26c; mixed,
colors, 24c per dozen.
California gathered— Selected, 23c; standard,
22c: seconds, .
Fiesh Eastern— Fancy, : standard, : '
seconds, .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Quail, $1 25 for Valley and $2 23 for
Mountain; Mallard, $3 50£74 50; Canvasback.
$2 50® 3 50; Sprig, $3®4 50; Teal, $3®3 50; Wid
geon, $2@2 50; Small Duck. $1 25«1 75; Black
Jack, $1 60@l 75; Gray Geese, $3<83 50; White
Geese, $1@1 50; Brant. $1 50 for mall and $2*3
2 25 for large; Honkers. $3©4 50; English Snipe,
$2: Jack Snipe. $1 25©1 50; Hare, $1 25; Rab
bits, $1 25@1 50 for Cottontail and $1 for Brush;
Doves, 75c per dozen.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@12c for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
14«15c; Geeso, per pair, $1 75<g2: Goslings, $1 75
Q2; Ducks, $4<R5 for old and $5@6 for young:
Hens. $4<S'5: Young Roosters. $4 50@5; Old
Roosters, $3 50@4 50; Fryers. $4 G0@5; Broilers,
$4©4 50 for large and $2 50@3 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1@1 25 per dozen for old and $2 50
<a't 76 for Squabs.
With the exception of Canvasbacks, which
were lower and weak, the Game market was
well sustained. Receipts were large, being 145
sacks, but they were chiefly Hare.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry were put on
and sales were made at $5 50<S6 for Hens and
young Roosters, $4 60 for old Roostera. $5 for
Fryers and large Broilers, $4 £0 for small
Broilers, $1 25 for Pigeons and $3 for Squabs,
$5 for old Ducks and $7 for young do, $1 75®
2 for Geese, and ll@12Hc for Turkeys.
Local Poultry was lower and weak at the
decline, young stock being especially weak.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Vegetables were light yesterday,
as usual on Tuesday, and quotations were
largely nominal. Asparagus appeared from the
Sacramento River, selling at 20@22%c per lb.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 75c@$l; River Reds.
65c<O$l; Burbanks, 40®55c for River and 85c@
$1 15 per ctl for Salinas and C5c@$l for Ore
gon; Sweets, 40@50c for Rivers and $1 for Mer-
ONIONS— $.1 80® 2 25 per ctl; Cut Onions, $1@
1 25 per ctl.
. VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 6®6o per lb:
String Beans, 8®12Hc; Cabbage, 90c; Toma
toes, Los Angeles, $1 25@2 per crate; Egg
Plant, Los Angeles, 10@12^c per lb; Green
Peppers, Los Angeles, €@8c per lb for Chile
and 12H@l»c for Bell: Dried Peppers. 9@llc;
Dried Okra. 10@15c per lb; Carrots, 25@35c per
box; Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 25(81 50 per
dozen; Summer Squash, $1 50@2 per box; Gar
lic, 4c per lb; Marrowfat Squash. $12@20 per
ton; Mushrooms, 10@15c per lb.
Another advance In Onions is noted and
Sweet Potatoes are firm under light receipts.
Other Potatoes are steady, with more moder
ate arrivals.
Beans are quiet, tiiough prices ar« main
tained except In the case of Pinks. The boom
seems to be over in this description, as hold
ers are now offering to Bell at $2 25. There is
no life to Seeds and Dried Peas.
BEANB— Bayos, »2 50® 2 70; Small 'White. $4 oO
@4 65; Large White, $3 65@3 85; Pink. $2 15®
2 25; Red, $2 75@S; Blackeye, $3; Limas $5 60
@6 65; Pea, cleaned up and nominal; Red Kid
ney, $3 7504 per ctl. _ •'•'
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 60@3; Canary, 3%®
3»4c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7Vi@9%c; Rape. 2@
2V*c: Hemp, 3Vs@3^o; Timothy, 6%c
DRIED PEAS-Nlles, $2@2 50; Green, $2 70®
8 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
MIDDLINGS— $16 60^13 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16<8>17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; jobbing,
$16 60; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, }25®
25 60: . Cracked Corn. $25 50@26; Mixed Feed.
$15'S16. •
HAY— Volunteer. $5@8; Wheat, $11^13 60;
Wheat and Oat. $10@12 60; Oat. $9@12; Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $3@3 60; Barley, $7 60®9 50 per
ten.
STRAW— 85@47Hc per bale.
Conditions seem pretty well established for
the time being, as prices run along the dome,
day after day. The demand and supply about
balance in Hay and the common kinds of Feed-
BRAN- $14 WXg'lS 50 per ton.
Hay and Feedstu ffs.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual disccunt to the trade: Graham
Flour, t?. per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. • 17 : Corn Meal. $2 75:
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 60: Hom
iny, $3 50^3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $404 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 25; In sacks. $5 75® 7: Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs. ¦
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15^3 25;
Oiegon, $2 ?5@2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers'. $2 75
@ 3 -
Flour and Millstuffs.
$1 2S@1 40 f or • Feed and $1 35®1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed, $117%©120;
tor Seed. $1 25©1 30 per ctl. '
CORN — Dealers report a stagnant market
with quotations nominal In the absence of
sales. Yellow, $112^®1 15: White, $1108115;
Eastern mixed, $1 12V* per ctl.
RYE— S5@S7tte per Ctl. The market continues
it-ry dull.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 85 per ctL
FOR TUESDAY. JANUARY 15.
Flour, qr sks 17.0iriHops. bales .• 137
Wheat, ctls Bl.W" Pelts, bdls S60
Barley, ctls 9K Hides, no 9S1
Oats, ctls 54f Tallow, ctls 230
Beans, sks 3.73? Leather, rolls ... M
Potatoes, sks ... 1,263 Wine, gala 77,200
Onions, sks bO Lime, bbls 182
Bran, sks 455 Chicory, bbls .... 10
Middlings, eks .. SO Sugar, ctls 130
Hay. tons *7S|
Receipts of Produce.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4c;
cases, regular, 414c; cases, extra large, £c;
cases. Eastern style, 5Uc; boneless. 6c; Nor
way. 6>4c: Narrow Gauge. 6V4c: Silver King.
7c: blocks. Oriental. 5'tc; blocks, Seabrlffht.
6Vie: tablets. Crown brand, 7c; middles. Golden
State, 6c: middles, White Seal. 8Hc; boxes,
fancy boneless. 7@3c: desiccated. Gilt Edge,
per dozen. 75c; pickled cod. barrels, f! 50;
pickled cod, half barrels. $4 25.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13®14o nominal for
prime washed, ll@12^c nominal for good
washed. 12S13C for good to prime washed pea
berry. ll@ll?ic nominal for good to prime pea
berry. 10ViSfl2c for good to prime. 9V»@10c nom
inal for good current mixed with black beans.
SiJflOc nominal for fair. 6@7*ic nominal for
common to ordinary. Salvador— 10^@13c for
good to prime washed. 9@10>ric for fair washed.
11012V-C for good to prime washed peaberry. 9H
@3*i.c for Rood to prime semi-washed. 9@9V*c
for superior unwashed, SVi®S^4c for good green
unwashed. 10®10=-ie for good to superior un
washed peaberry. 6'«J7 1 *c for common to ordi
nary. Nicaragua — 13@16c nominal for prime to
fancy washed. 10{?12c nominal for fair to ]
strictly good washed. SH'SSc nominal for gool
to superior unwashed, lO^flO^c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican— LTSW^c for prime to fancy
washed. Ilgl2c for strictly good washed. 10Vi@
10»ic for good washed. 9U©10c for fair washed.
&V>09c for medium. 6@7?ic for inferior to or
dinary, llf?13c for good to prime washed pea
berry. I0@10%c nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry, 8^4@9^ic nominal for good to
superior unwashed.
LEATHER — Sole, •heavy. 2S@33c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26S'30c: Sole Leather, light.
20i}t2Sc: Rough L«>ather. heavy. 27@2Sc; Rough
l^eather, light. 23#26c; Harness Leather, heavy.
32^iZSc: Harness Leather, medium. 30 i tf37c:
Harness Leather, light. 29«f35c; Collar Leather.
15(iil6c per foot: Kip. unflnlshed. 40<S50c per lb;
Veal, finished. 50<f?55c; Calf, finished. 75c@Sl 20;
Sides, finished. 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits 14®16c; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TAXI) ARK— Ground, $2&328 per ton; Stick.
$18(5 20 per cord.
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled.
70c: raw, 65c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 63c per
Ballon for boiled and 67c for raw; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 70c: canes. 75c;
China Nut. 56® 66c per gallon: pure Xeatsfoot
Oil barrels, 65c; case?, 70c; Sperm, pure. 65c;
Whal* Oil. natural white. 37%®42'4c per gal
lon: Fish Oil, barrels. 3."c: ca.«<*. 40«.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
AVater White Coal Oil. In bulk. 13c: Pearl Oil.
case?. 39c: Astral. 19c: Star.. l?c: Extra Star.
23c* Elaine, 24c: Eocene, 21c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, in bulk, 14Uc; cases. 20^c; Benzine,
bulk. 13Vic; cases. 19Hc; 86-degree Gasoline,
bulk 20c: 26c per gallon.
TURPENTINE — 6lc per gallon In cases and
55c In drums or Iron barrels. . ;. '-; _
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7Uf>
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7@7?ic according to
Q1 Q a uicksrLVER— $47 50@43 50 Der flask for lo
cal use and $45 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes per lb, in ICO-lb bags:
Crushed 6.2Cc; Powdered, 5.S5c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.S5c; Dry Granulated. 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.7cc; Magnolia A. 5.35c; Extra C.
5.25c; Golden C, 5.15c; barrels. 10c more; hall
barrels. 25c more;, boxes, 50c more; 60-lb bags,
10c mere. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Domtnos, half-bar
rels. 6.50c: boxes. 6.73c per lb.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. $16®17; extra sizes, higher; Red
wood $17(318 for No. 1 and $13@16 for No. "2;
Lath. 4 feet. $3 EOiJN: Pickets. $1S: Shingles.
$1 75 for common and $2 .o for fancy; Shakes.
$U for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic. $20® 28.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. 12' ic per lb;
Bisal sizes and bale rope, 9c: Duplex. 8c.
Terms, 60 days or 1% per cent cash discount.
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, 19; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $7: Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $3; Co-operative Walla
end, $9: Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Can
nel. {10 per ton: Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
US In sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions, S3 45
per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton, according to
brand.
CANNED FRUIT— Extras In 2H-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots, $1 50: Cherries, $2
for black and $2 for Royal Anne; Grapes, 51 33,
Peaches, $1 €3<gl 75: Pears, $1 85; Plums, $1 350
1 40; Quinces, $1 65; Strawberries, {1 75.
BAGS— San Quentin Bays, $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July, 6Hc; Wool Bags,
28H@33Hc; Fleece Twine. 7&c.
Getter al Merchandise.
Family. $14: extra Prime Pork, $15©15 50: extra
clear. $10 50*520; Mess. $17; Smoked Beef. 13c
per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at CHGS%e per H> for
compound and 9c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
8 Vic: 10-lb tins. 9%c: 5-1 b tins, »%c.
COTTOLBNB— One half-barrel, 8^e; three
half-barrels. So: one tierce. 7T4c; two tierces.
7%c; five tierces. ~%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides are still dull and prices show little
change. There is perhaps a little more in
quiry for Wool, though It does not amount to
much. Hops continue Inactive and nominal.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9V t c; medium, »c; light, S^SVic; Cow Hides.
SVfcc for heavy and 8@S^c for light; Stags. 6@
«Hc; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9c: Salted
Calf. 10c: Dry Hides. 15V4c: culls. 13%c: dry
kip. 15; Dry Calf. 16®17c; culls and brands.
14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20iji.10c each; short
Wool. 30@55c each; medium, 6O@75c; long Wool.
"Zctfi*,! each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 50®2 75 for
, large and S2@2 25 for medium. Sl@l 25 for small
and BOc for colts; Horse Hides,* dry. $1 75 for
large, $1 50 for medium, (1 25 for small and &0c
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c:
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin
Bkins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth. 50c: medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4c per lb; No. 2.
3P3%c; grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15® 16c; Northern, defective, 12®
14c; Middle County, free. 15016c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. lCgHc; Southern Mountain. 12
months'. 9£10c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', ll@12c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 9@lle: Humbpldt and Mendoclno. 16
@17c: Nevada. 13@16c per lb.
Fall clip— San Joaquln. 6H@8c; d ° lambs. 819
9o; Middle County. 9©10e; Northern Mountain,
free, 10011c; Southern Mountain. 7tygSVic;
Humboldt and Mendocino, llSIZo per lb.
HOPS— 12@16o per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hoga have advanced another fraction and
are scarce and In demand. Beef and Veal
have also moved up a fraction. Mutton and
Lamb continue firm at the high prices, with
light supplies.
BEEF— HiSS'/sc for Steers and 6®7tt per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Largre, 8©8c; small. 9®llo per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9Vi@10c; Ewes, 93»Vio
per pound.
LAMB— 10<311e per lb: apt-ing. 12Vi@15o per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. &t;6«c for small and BTi3
6c for medium and 6%t£5*4o for large; stock
Hogs and feedera, SUtJo^c; dressed Hogs, 7%
TUESDAY. Jaa 15—4 jx ra.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 06 Justice OS 03
Alta 03 06 Kentuck 03 04
Andes 08 10 Lady Wash.... — 03
Belcher ~ 15 16 Mexican 33 34
Best & Belcher 25 2fi Occidental 04 05
Bullion 03 04 Ophlr 87 8S
Caledonia ...... 81 83 Overman IS 17
Challenge Con. 17 li Potosl 11 U
Chollar 1! 13 Savage M IT
Confidence C5 63 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 70 1 80 Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... — 03 Sierra Nevada. 13 25
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 43 41
Crown Point... 14 IS St Louis OS —
Eureka Con — J5 Standard 4 10 —
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 10 11
Gould & Curry. 47 481 Union Con 24 15
Hale & Nor.... 17 19 Utah JT C$
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. U 18
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
200 Belcher 15j 1200 Mexican „. S3
100 Best & Belcher 25 1 200 Mexican tl
800 C C & Va 1 701 200 Potost 12
SOO C C A Va 1 87Hi 200 Sierra Nevada, 23
200 C C & Va 1 831
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
2M Belcher 18 200 Gould A Carry. 4*
EOO Belcher 15 150 Gould A Curry. 47
EOO Best & Belcher 23 4C0 Mexican 33
200 Best & Belcher 22 200 Mexican 31
EOO Best & Belcher 21 1300 Ophlr 87
500 Best & Belcher 23 1 SOO Potosl 13
800 C C * Va.. 1 70 400 Sierra Nevada. 24
1150 C C & Va 1 «7i» 100 Sierra Nevada. 23
200 C C & Va 1 72H 400 Silver Hill 44
300 C C & Va 1 75[ 500 Union Con 24
1S0O Crown Point... 13: SCO Yellow Jacket., is
600 Gould & Curry. 48i
The following were the. sales In th» Padao
Stock Board yesterday:
2f0 Belcher *-»| ICO Overman 14
200 Best A Belcher 23 2*0 Sierra Nevada. 22
1000 Con Cal & Va..l 70 200 Silver Hill 45
100 Gould & Curry- 45 100 St Louis 10
ino Justice 08i SCO Union Con 23
700 Mexican 32j 400 Utah • 05
COO Occidental 04; 100 Yellow Jacket.. 15
600Ophir 63 !
Afternoon Session
300 Be-l cher 1* SCO Occidental ..... 04
200 Belcher IS sr>0 Ophlr M
4<X> Best & Belcher 23 200 Potosl 11
100 Best & Belcher 24 20ft Savage 18
500 Chollar 13 300 Savape 17
1525 Con Cal & Va..l 70 500 R*g Belcher.... 03
600 Crown Point... 13 2no Sierra Nevada. 25
350 Gould & Curry. 47 5f>0 Sierra Nevada. 24
200 Hale & Nor.... IS 100 Sierra Nevada. 23
200 Justice 0*i 200 Silver Hill 43
300 Mexican :. 31 ICO Standard 4 13
200 Mexican 32| SCO Yellow Jacket.. IS
Morning Session.
The following were the sales In the San
lYanclsco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
MINING STOCKS.
QAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent LAP Co— 4 Pac L Co....— 44
Equit G L Co 2«4 — Sac E GiRCo — 40
Mutual El Co 7 8 S P O St E... «H 4S*i
O G L & II... 49% 53*i San Francisco. 4ft 4V
Pao Gas Imp. 44 — Stktn G <fc E. — u
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 231 233 I
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 7S — Lon P & A.... 143 —
Bank of Cal. — 412 Merchants' Ex 18 —
Cal S D & T.104 — S P Nat Bk..l3> —
First Nationl. — 325 ~ .- "
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.... — 1S40 iSav & L So.. — —
Hum S & L. — — (Sec Sav Ek..2T5 —
Mut Sav Bk. 50 — Union T Co... — —
8 F Sav TJ..510 — '
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....134 140 |O3L4 H.... 43 —
Geary-st 45 — (Presidio — 23
ilarket-st 69 — I
POWDER STOCKS,
California .... — — iVlgorit 1% *
Giant Con Co K*4 84'£!
SUGAR STOCKS.
liana S P Co. W. 7>i KIlau<>a S Co SH —
Haw C & SCo 87% 90 iMakawelt 8 Co 41 4 —
Honokaa S Co 31 *» 3lVOnoir.ea S Co. 2S»i 2S*;
Hutch S P Co 23% — 1 Paauhau S Co. 3r>i 32u
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack As»nl25 12C^i >reanlc SS Co 100*4102
Cal Fruit Asn.103% — Pac A F A... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 10O — Pac Bor Co.... 153 —
Her Ex Assn. 97 — Par Paint Co. 12%. —
• Morning' Session.
Board —
25 Hana Plantation Co TW
J12.M0 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s l«m
to Honokaa S Co MM
405 Hutchlnson S P Co •* -.¦>
15 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 sn
20 Makawell. cash 41 12 1 *
23 Market Street Railway 8 s * **
10 Oceanic S S Co .101 Cft
60 Paauhau S P Co - 33 or.
10 Pacific Gas Imp 44 Btt
6 S F Gas 8t Electric Co 46 J2',
5 S V Water 92 7R
*4C00 S V 4s (3d mortgage) 1C2 CO
Street—
$3000 S V 4s (3d mortgage) 102 00
Afternoon Session.
Beard—
J3W0 Bay Counties Power Co 6a jjh 75
20 Contra Costa Water 7,) so
1*000 Hawaiian CAS Co 5s 104 no
60 Honokaa 9 Co 81 50
$"C00 Los Anseles Ry 5s Ill SO
25 Makawell Sugar Co 41 •-
25 Makawelt Sugar Co 4) •¦¦>
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds yss <!2<4
10O Onomea Sugar Co 2S 23
60 Paauhau S P Co 32 2r»
75 8 F Gas & Electric Co 4-* 7;
10 S F Gas & Electric Co « eri
K4.00O S F * S J V bonds 120 :s
63 S- V Water 32 50
Ftreet—
60 Alaska Packers' Ass'n. b 2 *r> I'
200 Alaska Packers' Ass'n 1"*. "3.
200 Market Street Railway K» 15
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHAXQIS.
Morning Session.
Board-
SCO Bear Flag ., R
1000 Bear Flag S3
450 Cala- Standard , 40
10O Caribou : 57
400 Caribou 58
300 Cart bou U
20 Caribou 50
230 Four Oil Co ;... 57
800 Fcur O1J Co W
2 Hanford 105 P0
24 Hanford 100 M
1 Hanford 9S M
!",'¦<> Junction 85
."CO Lion Oil Co 23
SCO Lion Oil Co 30
EM McKlttrick Consolidated 20
10O McKlttrick Consolidated tl
100 McKlttrick Consolidated 23
2"0 McKlttriok Consolidated 23
fiCO Monarch of Arizona 73
110 Monte Cristo * S 1'
200 Occidental of W Va «3
150 Peerless S 12>4
250 Peerless ' 8 23
i.'O Peerless 8 51
J"0 Petroleum Centsr 27
VA Queen Esther 19
4><j Queen Esther S3
400 Reed Crude CM Co 70
600 Reed .Crude Oil Co 71
KoO Reed Crude Oil Co 72
'0 San Joaquin Oil A Dev 13 73
460 Sterling O & D Co 3 25
2CO Sterling O & D Co 3 30
50 Twenty-Eight 2 35
SOO Wolverine 180
275 Yukon CO
Street—
14 Hanford 105 00
j 100 Lion Oil Co 30
I Afternoon Session.
I Board—
I 410 American Fuel 15
fCO Bear Flag 52
COO Bear Flag 51
EOO Four Oil Co a
£00 Four Oil Co. 8 30 57
2 Hanford 100 00
1 Hanford 101 00
230 Hanford-Fresno-K>rn River 45
! 100 Lion Oil Co 30
200 Lion Oil Co • . 29
6f>0 McKlttrick Consjlldated , jo
450 Monarch of Arizona 74
400 Monarch of Arizona 75
200 Monarch of Arizona 76
JCO Occidental of W Va .' 63
100 Occidental of W Va, b 60 87
ICO Peerless S 62%.
100 Petroleum Center 28
110© Petroleum Center 27
50O Reed Crude Oil Co 72
loO Sterling O & D Co 3 23
ZOO West Shore 4 20
250 Wolverine 175
Street —
IPO Twenty-Eight 2 30
4C0 Bear Flag 62
400 Junction $3
200 Peerless » 82%
ICO Monarch of Arizona 74
4C0 Monarch of Arizona 75
10 Kern River 18 15
6C0 Lion Oil Co 23
100 Monte Crlsto 2 20
10 Oil City Petroleum 34 00
2 Hanford 102 00
200 Four Oil Co 18
SCO Four Oil Co B7
*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1901.
Foreign Futures.
Experiments are-being made to discover
if aluminum may not be used In the man
ufacture of high-class wind instruments.
If this could be done, it is thought it
•would be very desirable, on account of
verdigris deposits, and as it is. not easily
affected by changes of temperature tha
instruments would be less likely to got
out of tune.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
j-tT-hr-
i£
Moon's Fttaaes.
1 ' » ' '
< I 7 I t | » | 18 | 11 | 12 -chnfuII 'Moon.
. . j ¦ , | W January 4.
U I 14 I 13 | W I II I IS 1 19 ? L»st Quarter.
1 | | I 1 1 «*¦ January 13.
tojn\n\a \**_\_*_\ *« &
»i.i M imi« -Sk First Quarter
XI | 9 I a | SO | a JJJ January 27.
1. t
Last
s
| Last
s.
i Season.
I
I 21.22
! 14. SI
I 13.23
14.2S
| 7.03
I 4 .55
20.78
7.SS
I 2.4S
12.W)
4.57
4.60
1. t
Last
s
| Last
s.
i Season.
I
I 21.22
! 14. SI
I 13.23
14.2S
| 7.03
I 4 .55
20.78
7.SS
I 2.4S
12.W)
4.57
4.60
j-tT-hr-
i£
Moon's Fttaaes.
1 ' » ' '
< I 7 I t | » | 18 | 11 | 12 -chnfuII 'Moon.
. . j ¦ , | W January 4.
U I 14 I 13 | W I II I IS 1 19 ? L»st Quarter.
1 | | I 1 1 «*¦ January 13.
tojn\n\a \**_\_*_\ *« &
»i.i M imi« -Sk First Quarter
XI | 9 I a | SO | a JJJ January 27.Passed a Wreck in Ifidocean.
The British ship Montgomeryshire ar
rived last night with a cargo of coal from
Newcastle, N. S. W. Captain Edwards re
ports that during a gale, on December 9,
the wreck of a small vessel was passed
In latitude 37.32 north, and longitude 124.30
west. It was Impossible on account of the
weather to identify the derelict
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, January 16. ,
Stmr ¦ Pro*re»o, ¦ Monroe, 6H days from . Ta-'
coma. ¦ ¦-.
' Br Mmr Victoria, Blakey, 6H days from Oy»*
ter Harbor.
MEMORANDUM.
Stmr Fulton, at Grays Harbor, reports' . hull
of schr Swan, from Santa Barbara,! on beach
at north entrance. Everything- above decks
gone. "^^ffj^BS'Vf'iKXvwVltf'iit ¦ • . .
. . DOMESTIC PORTS. .
QRATS HARBOR- Arrived Jan 15— Stmr
Fulton, hence Jan It. " ¦' ¦••'..'
BAN DIEGO— Sailed Jan 16— Schr Lottie Car
son, for Eureka.. , :
: OCEAN STEAMERS. •
NETW YORK— Arrived Jan , 15— Stmr . Colum
bia, from Genoa . and . Naples. '
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Empress
of India, from Vancouver, B C, for Hongkong.
LATE SHIPPING. INTELiAqENCE.
At a meeting of the Mechanics' Insti
tute last evening the I attempt of P. J.
Healy to oust L. R. Mead, a trustee of the
institute, on the ground that he Is not a
resident of this city, was frustrated by a
resolution Introduced by Horace Wilson
to the effect that Mead Is a resident of
San Francisco and indorsing his continu
ance as a member of the board of trus
tees. The resolution was adopted. Healy
being the. only one to vote In the,nega
tive. ••¦ v • ".•--¦•
Futile Attempt to Oust Mead.
First Review of the Recruits of-Model
Camp Provocative of Great
Applause.
The First Provisional Battalion of Re
cruits was drilled yesterday afternoon at
the Presidio for the first time in battalion
formation. The men were put through
the manual of; arms and behaved'them
selves like veterans. Under the tutelage
of Captain Harden and Lieutenant Reth
era adjutant, and the lieutenants com
manding the different companies, the men
have attained a remarkable degree of pro
ficiency, considering the short time they
have worn the army blue. Moat of them
six weeks ago hardly knew the butt- end
from ' the muxzle of a gun, but in
cessant drill and kind treatment at the
hands of their officers have enabled them
to gather a sufficient ¦ knowledge of mili
tary movements to make a fine showing.
The Second Provisional Battalion is
also rounding Into Bhape rapidly.
One hundred. assigned. recruits will this
morning embark on the " trannport Grant
for Manila. The men are vent to the
islands to fill existing vacancies in various
regiments.^SWKHPNx*^.
Acting Assistant Surgeons H. W. Cowper
and R. J. Price reported at headquarters
yesterday and were assigned to temporary
duty at the Presidio, awaiting transposi
tion abroad.
PROVISIONAL BATTALION
MAKES FINE APPEARANCE
Judge Dalngerfleld gained twenty-one
votes yesterday in his contest to the elec
tion of Judge Thomas F. Graham, which
increases his lead tc thirty-nine votes.
Judge. Murasky has thrown out many
hundred votes cast for the contestants,
until now each Is credited with a smaller
number of votes than were credited lo
Stephen V. Costello by the Election Com
mission. This fact will be the basis of
a motion by Costello at the end of the ro
count for an order declaring him. the duly
elected candidate. An intricate question
of law will hence be raised for the court
to unravel. The recount goes on again
to-day. , \ '
. . ¦ — ;¦ ¦
Costello "Will Claim Office.
PORTLAND. Jan. 15.— The ship Cape
Wrath, seventy-five days from Callao for
Portland, on which 45 per cent reinsur
ance was offered in Ban Francisco^ ar
rived off the mouth of the Columbia River
to-<Jay.
Cape 'Wrath on Which Fifty-Five Per
Cent Reinsurance Was Of
fered, Is Safe.
OVERDTJE SHIP IS
OFF COLUMBIA RIVER
SEATTLE. Jan. 15.— The United States
revenue cutter Perry, Captain Kilgore, ar
rived in port last night after a fruitless
search up the coast from the mouth of the
Columbia for the missing ship Andrada.
The Perry sailed again this afternoon to
cruise southward and resume her quest.
The Andrada ¦was last heard of on De
cember lL She was then lying outside
the Columbia River bar, waiting for a
chance to cross in. On that day she took
aboard Captain Cordiner, the pilot- .This
was the last erer heard of the vessel, with
the exception of one story brought Into
San Kranclsco by the schooner Bertha
Dolbeer, which reported having sighted a
ship much like the Andrada.
A week ago the Perry left Astoria and
put to sea in search of the Andrada. Cap
tain Kilgore says that the weather along
the coast is still very severe and that a
number of ships which were taken down
the straits' put back rather than face the
storm. The Sight and Light was towed
down last Thursday and came back and
anchored in Crescent harbor, wrhere she
was still lying Saturday. \ ,-v
Quest Fruitless.
NO TRACE OF THE ANDRADA.
Revenue Cutter Perry Reports Its
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.— Solicitor Gen
eral Richards to-day made reply to Mr.
Smith's argument in the Hawaiian insular
case, now being heard before the United
States Supreme Court. In this case, he
said, it was obviously the intention of
Congress, as soon as practicable, to treat
the territory as part of the United States
for legislative purposes, so that the rev
enue and commercial laws which apply
In the United States should operate there.
"But," he went on, "before these laws
could be put in operation in the Hawaiian
Islands it was necessary that a period of
preparation should, intervene after the
passage of the resolution of annexation.
On July 7, 1898, when the main resolution
was passed, there were no customs laws
of the* United States in operation in Ha
waii and no customs of the United States
there. The customs^ laws of the republic
of Hawaii were in force, and they were
the only laws of that character. It Is
obvious, therefore, that If the resolution
of annexation immediately abrogated the
customs . laws of the islands the terri
tory would have been left without any
customs law, open to the ships of the
world. The customs laws of the United
States could not have effective operation
because there were no agencies . there to
enforce 'them. If, then, the resolution qt
annexation threw open the ports of Ha
waii to the world at the same time, ac
cording to the contention of opposing
counsel, it threw open the portB of the
United States to ships coming, from Ha
waii. The effect of this would have been
to give an open' door through Hawaiian
ports into ours. We could not Inquire,
when goods came into the United States
from Hawaii, whether they had been
brought into* Hawaii as an entry port to
the United States."
Mr. Richards argued that this sort of
thing could not be permitted, and he ex
pressed the opinion, that if Congress had
believed that such a consequence would
ensue' the resolution of annexation would
not have passed when it: did. nor until
arrangements could have -been . made to
put in operation our customs and com
merce regulations Immediately. So far as
customs matters | are concerned evidently
the islands . were not to be deemed part
of —e United States for customs purposes
Mere Annexation of Hawaii
Did Not Abrogate Exist
ing Legislation.
CUSTOMS LAWS
DID NOT APPLY
Several resolutions were presented by
members of the executive committee, one
being by.C. W. Baker of Illinois, which
was adopted, providing that the holding
of a convention can be determined by a
majority vote of the executive committee.
Mr. • Levering. of Indiana offered a reso
lution providing .- for associate ¦;. members,
thus no longer confining the memberships
to associations, but allowing prominent
stock breeders to become individual mem
bers upon payment' of $25.
Mr. Harris of Iowa doubted the expedi
ency of associate members,' and after dis
cussion the resolution was referred, to the
executive committee for report. -
. ' A resolution by Mr. McKenzle of Texas,
asking that an ¦ effort be made ¦ to estab
lish Federal inspection In lieu of the pres
ent State inspection, was passed.
SALT LAKE, Jan. 15.— The fourth an
nual convention of the National Livestock
Association has been In session all day
and fair progress was made toward the
transaction of the business to come before
the convention. '
When the delegates were called to order
at 10:30 this morning In the assembly, hall
the building was crowded to Its fullest
| capacity. During the assembling of the
delegates music was furnished by the Col
crado cowboy band. After the invocation
by Bishop Orson F. Whitney, the chair
man Introduced Governor Heber M. Wells,
who delivered an address of welcome on
jhe part-of the State. He was followed by
Acting Mayor Buckle, who welcomed the
delegates to the city. A response was
made by R. M. Allen of Nebraska.
A, telegram was $ received from Vice
President-elect Roosevelt, sending "con
gratulations and best wishes to the boys."
The delegates were slow in arriving for
the afternoon session, and it was 2:15 be
fore the call for order was made. The
first business was a call of the States for
five-minute addresses by delegates regard
ing the condition of the livestock Industry
in their respective States.. Under this call
addresses were made by H. W. McAffee
of Kansas. H. H. Hinds of Michigan, C.
J. Miller of Oregon, . E. H. Callister of
Utah, D. N. Stickney of .Wyoming, E. A
Harris of Iowa, J.- Hagenboth of Idaho
J. B. Knoll of Kentucky, M. A. Dougherty
of Nebraska; John Ernest of Nevada G
H. .Davidson of New, York, J. G. Gavin of
New Samuel Cowen of Texas.
Mortimer Levering of Indiana and G. B
Van Norman of Wisconsin.
Governor Wells of Utah
Makes an Address to
the Delegates.
EXTENDS WELCOME
TO STOCKMEN
until Congress could further legislate In
the matter by a law extending the United
States customs laws and regulations to
the islands. He called attention to the
act of annexation, saying that it did not
make the Hawaiian Islands a part of the
United States, but. a part of the territory
of the United States. "It is," he said,
"obvious that territory annexed or ceded
to the United States becomes a part of
the territory of the United States, but it
does not become ' a part of the United
States in either a constitutional or legis
lative sense until Congress shall so deter
mine." . ,
In conclusion; Mr. Richards said: "In
the annexation resolution It was express
ly provided that the customs regulations
of the republic of Hawaii should continue
until Congress should extend the customs
laws of the United States to the islands.
It was not until the passage of the act
of April 30, 1900. that the islands became
a part of the United States for customs
purposes by the extension of our laws to
them." -
Death Hastened by Narcotics.
Minnie Boscus. residing at 1022 Mission
Ftreet. died last night at 8 o'clock. She
had been sick for about two weeks and
had been using a narcotic to quiet her
nerves. A rmall bottle of the medicine
was taken too rapidly and It is supposed
that this hastened her death. She was
attended by Mrs. Dr. Stark. Her body
was taken to the Morgue.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Helena R. Vodden for cruelty. Ros» 2*'ervo
ppainst Bart B. Nervo for desertion and
Eva M. Chenoweth against Samuel A
Chenoweth for desertion.
Golden was the divorced husband of
Dora Wyley, an opera bouffe star, when
he met Katherine Kittleman seven years
ago, and they were married. She is from
Detroit, Mich. Before their marriage Mrs.
Golden had been playing the leading fe
male role In the production, which Golden
has had on the stage about ten years.
Mr. Golden's part was played to-night
by . an understudy. Announcement was
made from the Macdonough Theater stage
that the leading man was too much over
come by. last night's episode to properly
present the character.
authority to discharge her— that she had
the same interest in the play as himself.
Golden had little to say about the af
fair other than to declare that his wife
had acted under a misapprehension con
cerning his conduct last evening. The
audience, however, was nonplused dur
ing the performance by Golden's harangue
to them in the midst of the third act. It
bore upon npthing in particular and, was
delivered at much length.
that in spite of physicians' injunctions
she hied to Oakland last night upon an
investigating tour and entered the box
unknown to her husband. The angered
wife confesses she now regrets that which
followed because of the unpleasant no
toriety involved. •
The young woman who enraged Mrs.
Golden is said to have become acquainted
with Golden at Chicago and to have fol
lowed the fortunes of "Old Jed Prouty"
across the continent. The Goldens, Mtss
Healy and some of her relatives were ap
parently on good terms In the Northwest,
for only a few weeks ago they were on a
yachting party together.
On the trip to California Miss Healy ac
companied the organization. Mrs. Golden
was taken ill and retired to the sanato
rium. Then came the repeated tales that
caused her to leave her stckbed.
Mrs. Golden pays she Intended to reioln
the company at Sacramento, but she does
not propose now to again play with her
husband. She proclaimed that he had no
PRINCIPALS IN THE LATEST THEATRICAL SCANDAL, IN WHICH AN
ACTOR'S JEALOUS WIFE ATTACKS IN ORIGINAL BOXER FASHION
A MILLIONAIRE'S BLONDE DAUGHTER.
Between August 31 and December 21,
1900, the deposits in the savings banks of
San Francisco increased from $120,480,927 70
to Jl2l.3-sO.434 IS. a . gain of more than
$4,000,000 in four months. In the same
period of four months the loans on real
estate decreased from {62.432.4S2 17 to $61.
437.467 75, showing that the people paid up
$1,000,000 on realty. The banks also, in
the same period, show a total of $.v5,63t>,
401 15 invested in miscellaneous bonds and
stccks, against 5o3.037.SJH 11 on August 21.
The loans at the beginning of the period
on stocks, bonds and warrants amounted
to $1,648,622 72. In the four months this
item increased to $2,541,601 96.
These figures are derived partly from
the returns just received by the Bank
Commissioners and by comparison with
the last preceding report. The returns
yield the following additional particulars
at the end of the century: Bank premise*
were valued at $1,654,89$ 81; real estate
taken for debt, $5,626,435 25": loans on grain,
etc., $289,000; loans on p«rsonal security
and overdrafts, $4S32 25; duo from banks
and bankers, $1,6S3.592 24.
City Savings Institutions
Are Taking in Coin
FOUR MILLIONS
MORE DEPOSITS
ease her of a burden which bad grown too
heavy to bear.
Yesterday afternoon John Bell and Mrs.
Sere, the latter the married sister of the
dead girl, went to the Morgue to look at
the body. Indignantly they asked If there
were no law to punish the man who by
her own admissions had driven the girl to
the acid viaL "If there is no law by
which Blum can be punished I'll attend to
him," cried John Bell. "Either he or I
will occupy a slab here before many day3
are out." With this Bell and Mrs. Sere.
the latter sobbing, leit the Morgue.
Florence Bell loved not wisely, but too
well, and when she foiAd that Blum,
whom she had known for some time, was
married, the blow was a bitter one. She
had auestioned Mrs. Sere about it. and
Mrs. Sere had told her that they could
never marry while Blum's wife lived. On
Sunday night the girl went out presum
ably with Blum, and it is thought they
quarreled, as she was gloomy all the next
day. When night came she took her life,
and her brother swears to have the blood
of the man who brought her to death.
The deceased had a sister, Mrs. W. Tur
ner, living at 1017 Lombard street, and an
other. Mrs. Johnson, at 2012 Brodertck
street- ;.- • ' ;
The three suits brought to test the con
stitutionality and legality of the pro
visions of the charter pertaining to civil
service were argued yesterday before the
Supreme Court, sitting in bank. At tha
conclusion of the argument the cases were
taken under advisement. It is expected
that a decision will be shortly handed
down, as the matters involved In the cases
prevent the Civil Service Commissioners
from performing all the duties of their
office. The Commissioners are at present
enjoined from holding examinations for
clerks and deputies in several depart
ments of the government. Until such time
as the Supreme Court passes on the ques
tion of the constitutionality of the pro
visions of the charter relating to thes<»
departments, the offices will be filled with
employes who have bten appointed by
the heads of the departments Involved.
The first case argued was that of Crow
ley vs Freud. In which Judge Hebbard
decided against the defendant, who i3
a member of th« commission. The suit.
was brought by Crowley. suing as a tax
payer to restrain the Auditor and Treas
urer from paying the salaries of the Com
missioners on the ground that the corn
mission is an Illegally constituted body.
The point Involved is that certain office*
in the municipal government come under
the provisions of the county government
act and as such are not bound and re
stricted by the provisions of the charter.
City and County Attorney Lane and Gar
ret McEnerney appeared for the appel
lants and John Garber and Isaac Frohman
for Crowley. __ „
The other two suits. Cahen vs. Weils
and Bauer vs. Qulnn, attack the validity
and constitutionality of all of the pro
visions of the charter relating to civil
service P. F. Dunne, who represented
the contestants against Auditor Wells
and Commissioner Quinn argued that the
provisions of section 12 of the article re
lating to civil service were in violation of
the constitution. ¦ . < ¦
City Attorney Lane and Attorney Mc-
Enerney took a broader view of the cas<*
ind argued that if the section complained
of 'was invalid there was no law to show
that the whole article of the charter re
latin* to civil service must necessarily
fall They denied that the constitution
was violated either in the spirit or letter
of the law as laid down by the charter.
Validity of Some Important
Sections of Charter •
Questioned.
On Monday night Florence, an unusually
beautiful girl of 18, walked into the
kitchen of Mrs. Sere's milk ranch near the
Five-mile House, and having told her
brother that the man she loved had "gone
back on her," fell dead at his feet. Subse
quent investigation at the Morgue re
vealed that she had taken carbolic acid to
SUBMITTING CIVIL
SERVICE SUITS
FEARING the threatened venge
ance of John Bell, brother of the
girl he had wronged, Robert
Blum, who is said to be the man
whose changed demeanor toward
Florence Bell drove her to suicide, is
thought to have fled. Inquiry at his late
residence, 2S0O Greenwich street, last night
revealed the fact that, contrary to his
usual custom, he had not put in an ap
pearance there the entire day, nor up to
a late hour was there any sign of him.
In the quartermaster's department at the
Presidio, where -he was employed as
plumber, nothing had been seen of him,
and It Is thought that he has sought ref
uge In some other part of the State from
the family of Florence Bell.
That the board realized Its mistake In
rescinding one of the rules In violation of
eectlons 12 and 13 was shown some time
ago. At one of its meetings a resolution
was adopted amending section 53 by fixing
the number of days during which a teach
er must be absent before detailing a sub
stitute In her place at one day instead of
five. The board realized its error, and at
the next meeting the resolution was re
scinded. Due notice was then .given of
the proposed amendment and a new reso
lution on the subject adopted at the next
meeting.
Principal Morton of the Lowell High
School applied yesterday for a teacher in
Latin ana history. There is no teacher
at present available who can specialize
on these two subjects, and the board will
not make the assignment until a suitable
pedagogue is found.
No resolution temporarily suspending
the operation of section 90 appears on the
minutes of the board. When the advisa
bility of doing away with home study as
an experiment was first discussed by the
board the matter was left to Director Kln
caid with full power to act. This was
done at one of the secret sessions for
which the boarfcs and commissions of the
Phelan administration are dubiously
famous. The matter was never brought
up at a regular open meeting of the
board, and legal action has therefore
never been taken.
Bee. 12. Any rules adopted by the board may
be amended or repealed by the affirmative vt>t*
of three members at any meeting, provided
notice In writing of such intended amendment
or repeal has been given at a previous meet
ing.
Sec. 13. Any rule of the board may be sus
pended by an affirmative vote of three mem
bers thereof.
The only legal way in which this section
could be amended so as to exclude one
school from Its provisions would be in
the manner prescribed by sections 12 and
13 of the "Rules of Order," which eay:
To pupils of the eighth grade not more than
cne and a half hours' home study.
In temporarily prohibiting home study
among pupils of the Broadway Grammar
School the Board of Education has fla
grantly violated one of Its own rules. The
Innovation has been Introduced as an ex
periment to determine whether pupils who
have no home study will "equal or sur
pass in scholarship those who study the
prescribed time. Comparison will be made
with other classes, where home study will
continue as in the past. In order to show
that the board has acted illegally in do
ing away with home study In the Broad
way school it is only necessary to direct
attention to two sections of the rules reg
ularly adopted In July of last year. Sec
tion 90. on "Home Study" in the grammar
grades, reads as follows:
Section 90. Lessons for home study shall be
regulated as fellows:
To pupils ot the fifth, sixth and seventh
CTammar grades, not more than one hour's
Home Study for Pupils of
Broadway School Ille
gally Abolished.
BOARD VIOLATES
ITS OWN RULES
OAKLAND, Jan. 15.— Katherine
Kittleman, leading lady of the
"Old Jed Prouty" company, in
which her husband, Richard Gol
den, plays the title role, slapped
the face and pulled the hair of Miss Al
freda Healy, said to be a Montana mil
lionaire's daughter, at the Macdonough
Theater last night. The incident was un
witnessed save by the three persons
named, because it occurred in a narrow
passageway leading from the lower right
side boxes to a private entrance to the •
stage. The attack of the angered wife
was the culmination of her rising wrath,
which reached boiling point because ot
Richard's evident attentions to the pretty
blonde from Montana, who was occupying
one of "the stage boxes. On the opposite
side of the proscenium was Mrs. Golden,
ensconced in another box, and she watoh
ed and watched until her husband's "goo
goo" actions aroused her fury.
Deliberately walking over to the nar
row alleyway Mrs. Golden found her hus
band, in his stage make-up, in busy con
verse with the fair haired beauty. He had
taken advantage of a few moments off
the stage to call upon the box occupant,
who seemed nothing loth to receive the
flattering attentions from the actor. But
the little tete-a-tete was rudely interrupt
ed with the appearance of Mrs. Golden,
who demanded explanations. There were
some angry words from the husband, a
flouting remark from his vis-a-vis, and
then the maddened wife slapped Mlsa
Healy Bquarely upon her fair countenance.
The play was progressing, but the dis
turbance, which could be plainly heard,
though not seen, distracted, audience and
actors. Attendants of the theater, with
Manager RodolDh of the company, inter
fered: then the trio of combatants were
hustled behind the wings. As soon as the
curtain dropped on the last act the war
was resumed on the stage. Mrs. Golden
and Miss Healy met and explanations
were attempted. Manager Rodolph tried
to play peacemaker, but when the end
came the exasperated wife went back to
San Francisco and Golden ordered her'
discharged from the company. Miss
Healy disappeared, and It is reported has
gone to San Francisco to await the blow-
Ing over of the storm.
Golden professes to have been much
abused, but Mrs. Golden insists that she
had great provocation for her act that
was not in the lines of "Old Jed Prouty."
She had not been playing with the com
pany for two weeks because of illness, for
which ehe was under treatment at the
Waldeck Sanatorium, across the bay.
Mrs Golden ' explained to-day that she
had heard stories of her husband's con
duct, which came with such frequency
FLORENCE BELL. PRETTY AND IS. WHOM LOVE GROWN COLD
DROVE TO A POISON VIAL AND A SUICIDE'S GRAVE NEAR THE
FIVE-MILE HOUSE.
Custom? Surveyor Spear makes a posi
tive denial to Dr. Holmes' testimony that
trunks of oftVisls or others are landed
¦without examination. He says that as &•
jnatter of convenience to the soldiers and
ethers arriving on transports their trunks
sre marked ar.a sent in charge of an ln
ppector to the Presidio, where they are
examined for dutiable articles.
Mars is In the ascendant In the offices
of United States District Attorney Coombs
arvi Customs Surveyor Spear, and malefic
Fat urn is scowling Just above the eastern
horizon. Surveyor Spear says that the
District Attorney's office is fearful
when it comes to prosecuting smug
glers, and the District Attorney's office
eays that the Customs Surveyor causes
kindergarten arrests and falls to appear,
*ither personally or by deputy, when the
oaees are brought before the United
States Commissioner for examination. Tne
last named official. Judge Heacock. took
a hand in the game yesterday by dismiss
ing two smuggling cases and scoring the
Surveyor for d«scrimina.tlng between big
and little smugglers.
The cases were those of Dr. Holmes,
Furseon of the Government transport
Grant and his clerk. A. Milthrop. They
¦w-pre arrested for smuggling a bolt of
eilk. Dr. Holme* testified in his own case
that he was stopped on the gangway and
informed by Customs Inspector Enlow
that he would be obliged to pay duty on
th* p'.'.k. He accordingly gave it to Mil
throp. with instructions to place it In a
6Afe r 1 -*"' on beard the steamer. Milthrop
declined to testify against the doctor, and
efter Inspector Enlow had told about the
doctor whispering into Mllthrop's ear
when he gave him the 6ilk. and about
llilthrop trying to get off the Bteamer
wl«h the silk concealed under his over
coat ' Milthrop'? case wae taken up. Mll
thro? swore that the doctor had ordered
h!m to borrow the steward's overcoat,
hide the Eilk under it and smuggle it
ashore. M .
When Dr. Holmes was on the stand he
F «ori> that the customs officers allowed
£pv*ral trunks to be taken ashore without
Vlr.p searched, and that he had been dis
cr:m!r.at«d r.gainpt. Judge Heacock In
<i I (•missing both cases remarked that he
<Jid not propose to lend his aid to punish
ing little flsh while the customs authori
ties allowed th«» big fish, such as civil and
military officials, to take their trunks
ashore without examination. As for Mil
throp though caught In the act. the court
<V,o. not think that a Jury would convict
him.
Two Smuggling Cases Are
Dismissed Becaust of
Discrimination.
President Wheeler has been gone Juat
a month and brings back much Important
information as to the future of the uni
versity, including plans for the first new
building under Mrs. Hearst's plans. Con
tinuing he said: "While East an Investi
gation was carried on concerning the
choice of an architect for university plane.
Mrs. Hearst is anxious to go ahead with
the erection of the mining building under
the Benard scheme. We consulted the
leading architects in Boston and New
York concerning the course which the
university might best pursue. We have
considered the desirability of securing a
Fuperviping architect, who shall have
charge and overeight of all the buildings
under the Benard plans, and who may
himself plan one or more of the individual
buildings. If one of the five successful
competitors of the Hearst competition
could be chosen such a solution of th«
problem would be most acceptable to all
S'ecotiations are in progress which we
hop* will load to such an outcome.
•The bill for the support of mining
schools has passed the United States Sen
ate and the House Committee ana needs
onlv the action of the Committee on Rules
tn 1-x? broucht hofore the House, where it
¦will almost certainly pass. The committee,
however, seems to be unfavorable at
present.
"In N'^w York and Boston I conferred
with four or five leading book publishing
firms with reffrer.ee to discovering their
attitude towards the new movement un
dTtaken by the State Board of Educa-
JUDGE HEftCOCK
REBUKES SPEAR
"While in Washington." said Dr.
"Wheeler, "I visited the President and ex
tended an invitation to him to be present
end take part in the university com
mencement exercises. The invitation was
accepted by President McKinley, contin
gent upon the possibility of arranging the
programme of the trip. The President
expressed his hope that nothing would
deter him from attending the exercises.
Nearly the entire Cabinet will accompany
President McKiAey on his trip. The
party expects to be In San Francisco
from about the 15th to the 19th of May.
The exact programme cannot be arrangeJ
until after the inauguration ceremonies
have been completed."
BERKELEY. Jan. 15.-Presldent Ben
jamin Ide 'Wheeler arrived to-night from
tbm East, bringing with, him the Informa
tion that President McKInley will attend
i he commencement exercises at the Uni
versity of California on May 16.
Several prominent Eastern educators
have been engaged to teach at the univer
sity summer school. An announcement of
those secured will be made in two or three
days. President Wheeler, In speaking of
State affairs, said: "So far as I know at
present I shall not attend the Legislature
at Sacramento. I have not yet read Gov
ernor Gage's recommendations regarding
the university, but I believe him to have
the best interests of it and State at
heart." ' 0
'•There are many difficulties connected
with the business arrangements, particu
larly regarding the price for the use of
the plates and regarding the right of the
board to enter into a contract for a period
of years, say five. It is so important for
the State that something should be done
something real and practical — that the
matter should now be pushed to a con
clusion and the board given the necessary
power to see the matter through. The
whole question will be brought up at the
next meeting of the State Board of Edu
cation, which is to be called at an early
day. This much has been discovered, that
there is nothing absolutely Impossible
about the project. It will require, how
ever, for its successful outcome the hearty
co-operation of all the friends of educa
tion."
President Wheeler denies absolutely that
he was called to the presidency of Har
vard I'nlversity or that he ever expects
to be called there.
tlon to provide the •ichools of California
with an improved series of State text
books. The problem Is to find out what
can be done to Improve our system of
textbooks under the existing laws. A re
cent decision of Attorney General Fort
confirms the opinion of the State Board
of Education that under the existing pro
visions of the constitution the board has
the right to acquire the ifte of textbook*
now on the list of the school book pub
lishers, the" same to be printed at the
State Printing Office, and thence distrib
uted to the schools. It has been a ques
tion whether the publishers would con
sent to any such arrangement In any form
whatever. The wbol* proceeding Is a
novel one from the publishers' point of
view. After a careful consideration th<9
publishers prove to be not entirely ad
verse to attempting the experiment. They
are not. Indeed, willing to dispose of copy
rights, but they would probably be will
ing, provided proper business arrange
ments could be concluded, to do one or
two things: First— To permit the use of
duplicate sets of plates on the basis of a
royaltv or; second — to furnish sheets to
be made into books at the State Printing
Office.
Dr. Wheeler Says Chief Executive Will
Attend Commencement
PRESIDENT McKINLEY
TO VISIT BERKELEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,; JANUARY 16, 1901;
DEAD GIRL'S BROTHER
WILL WILL AVENGE HER
Robert Blum Flees Fearing the Wrath
Infuriated Actress Jerks Savagely at Blonde Tresses and
Swats Countenance of Miss Healey, a Montana Heiress.
JEALOUS WIFE OF ACTOR GOLDEN
CHASTISES HER SUPPOSED RIVAL
1 1
9
curing cases that defied hospitals, doctor*,
trusses, electricity and all else. Merely send
your name and address and th« fre« trial will
b« sent without any cost to you whatever. R.
W. Tourex, a well-known commercial traveler,
was ruptured ten years atn, tried every trusa
on the market, partly made up his mind to un-
dergo the danger of an operation, when by tha
greatest of good luck he tried the Dr. Rica
method. He |s now cured.
Mr Tourex »ay«: "1 tried Dr. Rice's meth-
od and it cured m«. I did not lose a day on
th« road. Hundreds of merchants and friends
in Illinois. Wisconsin. Minnesota and Iowa
knaw the wonderful fact that this remarkable
method cured me and I certainly feel thankful
enough to tell other ruptured peopl* how they
may profit by »y experience." Mr. Tour«x
lives in Cedar Rapids. Iowa, at K2% First ave.
Every ruptured person ought to send at onca
and make a trial of this method that rare*
without pain, danger, operation or an hour's
loss of time. Be«Tn now, and by sprtMyoj
vill r.«v«r know yod had bsea ruptursd. WMM
to-day rart.
MR. R W. YOCHEX.
Dr. W. S. Rice, 418 W. Main street. Adams,
N. T.. will send free to any one who Is rm>-
tured or knows of any person ruptured, wheth-
er a man. woman or child, a free trial ot his
famous home cure. It Is a marvelous method.
Dr. W. S. Rico, th9 Well-Known Authority,
Sends a Trial of His Fanoas Method
Free to AIL
Free -to the
Ruptured
A PRIVILEGE
Thxo-ora A-wray Entirely.
It is* curious to observe how hard It is
for some people to give up coffee drinking
after they have ber-ome at least half sat-
Iffled that it is th* cause of their 111
health, but It becomes an easy task to
jrive It up when ore takes Postum Food
Coffee in it* place, providing, of course,
that Postum is made according to direc-
tion?, for then It has the rich, beautiful
color and a satisfying taste, while the
rapid improvement in health clinches the
erpumpnt.
A younff lady at Cambrid geport. Mass.,
prvb: "When it was shown to me plainly
that my ill health an . excessive nervoua-
ress was largely due to the coffee habit I
realised that I must give it up. but It was
next to impossible to do so. However, I
made the trial and took Postum Food Cof-
fee, with the mental reservation of the
"privilege." as I termed It, of drinking cof-
fee once a week. V-
"Little did I dream what a true friend
Postum was declined to . :ome to me.
The old stomach trouble left, the nervous-
nesf vanished and good, natural, healthy
elrep came to my relief. In less than i :
months T felt like cjiothcr person. I was
so well and happy.
"The "reserve privilege* In regard to
using regular coffee was thrown to the
wlnde. I have not the slightest desire for
It: In fact. I very much prefer my Postum
to any coffee."
postum: cebeai^
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESD A Y, JANUARY 16, 1901.
10
6AN FRA5CISC0 CALL.
BT7EINE6S OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
CaTl, corner of Market and Third streets; open
BBUJ 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery ftreet.
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
T'f Hayec etreet: open until 9:20 p. m.
fZS McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. ra.
('.-• Larkin etreet; open until 1:30 p. m.
:wi Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
r?Cl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
nr.til > p. tn.
IOC Eleventh etreet; cpen until 9 p. m.
J3>6 Valencia etreet: open until B p. ra.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tnrltT rtregte: cpra until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44. T. m
and A. M.— Special meeting THIS _ J\ _
• WEDNESDAY) EVENING. at S}i3f
o'clock. Uy order of the W. M. /Vl
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary-
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. ?'. and A. M
M — D. 35 THIS EVENING. Jan. 16. _JV_
f-.t 7:33 o'clock. I5y order cf the W. M- >£JC
H. rORTRIEDE. Secretary. 'V^
EXCELFIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. j»
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEPNES- - JK
Dij) EVENING. Jan. 1C. at 7 o - c1ock.^jSf
Second Cegrce. * ? »
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary-
J£I??ION Lodge No. 163. F. and A. M. •
—Called meeting THIS <WED.\ES- A.
PAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. %Jj?
f-tcocd degree. GEO. D. FLAC1C. Sec /V >
TEMPLAR Lodge No. 17. I. O. O.
r. — All members are requested to -gyJK&-
attend installation THIS EVEN-
ING. Jan. 1«l Visiting brothers -^>5>»w^
cordially invited.
THOS. B. W. LELAND. N. O.
CCNCCIiDIA Lodre No. 122. I. O. L i-ja.friL
O. F.— The funeral committee Is ~§2533S=
hereby notified to assemble at Odd
Fellows 1 Hall THURSDAY, Jan. fwit^
IT. at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. to attend the funeral
or cur late brother. JOHN ECHLESSEL-
MANN. HUGO PCI1EUNERT. N. G.
CHRIST ROEHER. Uec. Sec.
fHE officers and members of Court •m m tf
liayes \ alley No. 11. F. of A., are
hereby requested to assemble at the _3T y
funeral parlors of H. F. fcuhr & Co.. #S_i
lie: Missicn St.. WEDNESDAY MORNING, g
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, J. STROETGEN.
M. ROgENTIIAL. C. R.
J. W. COLEMAN. K. S.
RIGGERS' ar.d Stevedores" Union Association—
A E^ectal mpptine will be held THIS
i\VEPM>I)AY) KVEXIXG, Jan. 16. 19)1. at
7-3i> o'clock, for tho transaction of very lir.-
j* 'riant business. A full attendance is re-
quostel A. CAMPBELL, President. |
F. E. DURHAM, Hec. Sec. ;
ANNUAL meeting — Regular annual meeting of j
the stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation 1
Company will be held at the office of the !
company, ZZ~ Market st., San Francisco, Cal.,
DO MONDAY, the £Sth day ot January. 190L
Et the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
I»of-e of electing a Board of Directors to serve '
lor the ensuing year and the transaction of
tu- h other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer bcoks will close on Thurs-
day. January K. IJOt, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. tiHELDON. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' Met-ting— The annual meet-
ir.s of the stockholders cf the Union Iron 1
Works will be held at the office of the com- j
pany. ZZ2 Market st.. San Francisco, on Tuft- j
c'ay. January EJ, lDC'l. at 11 o'clock a. m.. for !
the purpose of electing a Board of Directors 1
to serve for the ensuing year, and for th» j
transaction of euch other business as may j
come before the meeting. i
J. OB. GUNN. Secretary.
Office IS! Market St.. Saa Francisco, Cal.
Jtnuary 10. 1X0.
TO the ctockholders and members of the C. K. '|
Kapp Company, a corporation: Notice is
hereby given that a general meeting of the
ftockholders and members cf the C. F. Kapp
Ceasptajr, a corporation, will be held at Us
office tnd place cf business. No. 12<X» Market
«.. In the city and county of San Francisco,
Fiate of California, on SATURDAY, the 26th
<".ay of January. ISGi, at the hour of 22
c riock in., the object of eaid meeting being
the removal from office cf the following
Tamed directors of eaid coporation. to wit:
C. II. Koehncke. Bertha Koehncke. Carl W.
M-jeller and Alfred Fuhrman. and that at 1
such meeting it Is the intention of the under-
i-ijrr.ed to propos* the removal of each, of said
directors, and also at paid meeting the repeal.
anKTidniflit and adoption of new by-lawp will
be considered. CHAS. F. KAPP.
President C F. Kapp Company.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet- !
Ing of the stockholders of the Oceanic Steam- j
fhip Company will be held at the ofSce of
the company. C?7 Market *t.. San Francisco,
California, en MONDAY. January :l 1S01, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to s*rv«
It the ensuing year, and the transaction of ]
ench ether business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books xvi'.l close en Thurs-
day. January 10, 1S01. at 3 o'clock p. tn.
E. H. SHELDON. .Secretary.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN
P.ULE EAZAAR— To the Stockholders of The
Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar, a Cor-
I-cration: Please take notice that the annual
meeting of the stockholders of The Empo- I
rlum and Golden Rule Bazaar, a corporation,
will be held at the principal office of the
ocirpany. in the Pirrott building, located on
Market !"t.. between Fourth and Fifth. In th«
caty and county of San Francisco. State of I
California, on THURSDAY, the 17th day of
January. 39C1. at 2 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of electing directors and for the
transaction of such other business as may
properly come before the meeting. By order
of the Board of Directors.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary.
Dated January ;, iroi.
\r>TICE is hereby given that a special meet-
ing of the stockholder* of The San Francisco
nnd San J<-aqu!n Valley Railway Company
will be held at the principal efflce of the
ocmpariy In the city of Pan Francisco. Cal..
*>r FATLHDAT. the nineteenth O9th) day of
January. 1«!I. et 12 o'clock noon, for the pur-
r«e cf approving and ratifying an agree-
Trrnt for the eale and conveyanace to and
purchase by The Atch'.eon. Topeka and Santa
Fe Railway Company of the railroad, prop-
erty ar.d franchises of The Pan Francieco and
F&n Joanuin Valley Railway Company, and
tr> transact ar.y other business that mar
legally come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
San Francisco. January 4. 1901.
ANNUAL. MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Pajaro
Valley Consolidated Railroad Company will
be held at the oSce of the company. 327
Market et.. Fan Francisco, on MONDAY, the
twenty-first day of January. 1901. ot the hour
rt 11 o'clock a. m.. fcr the purpose of elect-
!nr a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such
«-»her business as may come before the meet-
ing. The transfer books will close on Friday,
January IS, 1S01. at S o'clock p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
CHURCH SERVICES.
THE yearly meeting of Pierce-st. Conjrrega- 1
tional Church was postponed on account of
the stormy weather from Jan. 4 to Jan. IS.
The members at this meeting expresred a
FtronR desire of having the church buildins.
n-hlch stands at the present time on Pierce
flnd Green sts.. moved to a more convenient
!™-*lity. i>ornewh<*re on l.Mlon St.. between
Webster and Flllmore sts.. and hope to be
*ihle to earn' cut their plans before very
l'^nz.
AGE5TTS WANTED.
t?00 TO $VW per month; men or women; ealary
or commission or both. 927 Market st.. r. 615.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. $27 Market st.. Cth floor, room €27
—Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy.
collections: all cases; fair fee: no advance
charges: loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success ; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. £50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
CUSTER. Herman J.. attorney-at-law. 957 Mar-
ket, r. ?&€: open evenlngi; consultation free.
rP.ANK W. SMITH; mining and probate law a
specialty. Mills big., r. Z. 4th flr.; tel. Re* 3616.
ADVICE free: no charge, unless successful. W.
w. DAVIDSON. $T, Market gt.. opp. Magon.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels blflg.. 827 Mar-
V-t ft. : consultation free; no fees In advance.
ASPUAL.TUM nOOFI.NG.
7. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks r»-
ralred: postal. 11*6 Mission- tel. Folsom 1807.
BATH CABINETS.
ELECTRIC light bath cabinets to let and for
rale. ifSt Point Lobes ave.
UOARDI.XG FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for 1 or J children; German lady:
best refs. from former parties. fiSCA Sixth st.
BUSINESS CHAJVCES.
to buyTeell or exchangITreal es-
tate. stoke or business place.
call on h. c decker, 1020 market st.
A— RESTAURANT In country town $353
Saloon; near Sixth and Market sts 3 003
Manufacturing' business 3000
Fruit store --...'. - - 133
PhotegTaph rallery 1000
Saloon: down town 1000
Stationery and bookstore 1500
Candy store and factory; clears J100 600
Saloon. J300; saloon, only 11200; saloon 5000
Meat and delicacies store 1200
C restaurant*: prices from $150 to D000
Hotel. 140 rooms: clean $500 8000
Corner grocery and bar 5JH
MK> other places from $50 to 20,000
H C. DECKER. 1C20 Market; tel. Mint 796.
fc— WANTED— A good tenant for grand corner
More and basement, with fixtures suitable fo.r
Vrocery buelness: special Inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK & CO.. 667 Market »t.
EllPLOYMEXT WANTED— FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED woman. Just from the East,
would -like position as managing housekeeper
or taking care ot children. Box 1168. Call.
AN experienced woman wishes a situation to
assist with housework and cooking; Is a good
kitchen helper. A. L.. 711 California st.
WAN{TED— By competent woman, position as
chambermaid In hotel; city or country. Ad-
dress A.- M.. box 1164. Call office.
A RESPECTABLE girl would like situation to
assist In second work and child. Please call
at 20 Middle st., bet. California and Pine.
A WOMAN wishes a position to do house
¦ cleaning or washing; wages $1 and car fare.
550 Mission st.
A COMPETENT woman wishes a place to do
general' housework and cooking; wages $20
I and $25 a month. C. C. box 1175. Call efflce.
GOOD girl wants position to do general house-
work In email American family; good refer-
ences. Call at 423 Sutter st.; no postals.
LADY ' stenographer, with typewriter, wishes
desk room In office. Boxvll66, Call office. ¦
WOMAN wants work by the day;' good laun-
drcas. 607 Larkln st'. (
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as In-
fant's .nurse; German; city or country; or
travel; first class references. Box, 1111, Call.
GERMAN girl wishes .position to do washing
and housecleaning: $1 10 per 'day. Address
5 Burcham pi., off Leavenworth. . near ¦ G. ct.
POSITION wanted by reliable and experienced
restaurant woman as cashier and stewardess.
Box 1152, Call office. . .
A WOMAN wants housework by the day; no
washing. Address box 1156. Call office.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes situation to do
general housework. 1022 Florida st. <
GIRL wishes upstairs work and children. 1755B
Howard st. ; • - ¦ ;
YOUNG woman would like housecleaning by
the day. Call. 184 Hickory ave.
YOUNG lady desires position in office or atore.
Address box 2074. Call office. Oakland.- .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st,- near Mar-
het-200 rooms; 25c to $150 night. $160 to $6
week; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ¦ *.. ':
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Filmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Bubscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
! EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.'
A YOUNG man of 40 wishes a position as
salesman in this city or on road; has had 20
years' experience in grocery business East;
is an A No. 1 salesman; can give best refer-
ence. . 408& Grove st. _^_^__
YOUNG Christian man desires a position In a
wholesale or shipping house; somo knowledge"
of bookkeeping; handy all around. Box 1167,
Call. V . ,
WANTED— Work by first-class bench hand and
carpenter; 6. years' experience at bench work.
Box 1162. Call. ¦
CARPENTER, good mechanic, handy man for
company or manufacturer; good refs.: steady
• work preference to high wages. Box 1174, Call
BAKER wants position as first or second hand
on bread. Address Baker. 603 Stockton st.
BARBER with 18 months' experience wishes
steady work. Address box 1173, Call office.' .
RELIABLE middle-aged man wishes position;
is a -horse doctor; understands gardening,
carpenter work, painting, etc.; can do any
kind of work around private residence. Ad-
dress ISAAC BLOOM. 48 East Ft.
YOU2CG civil engineer, university education,
desires position with engineer, surveyor or
contractor; eood draughtsman and good let-
terer. • Address box 11S8. Call office.
AN Elk In good standing wants position; mar-
ried: steady, sober and Industrious: no rea-
sonable offer refused; anywhere. Address W.
L. B., box 1169, Call office.
STEADY Scandinavian of 27 would like work
about place; understands taking care of
horses, chickens and Is good milker. Address
• box 1198. Call office.
WOULD like to have place as janitor, watch-
man or club waiter. Address Sunshine Court,
room 3.
YOUNG Eastern man wishes position In whole-
Bale hcuse: best reference; 2 years' expfrl-
ence. Boec 11M, Call. «
COOK wants a situation in a coffee house or
restaurant: no Sunday work; downtown. Ad-
dress AL NAUDE. 6 Magner place.
YOUNG man. willing to do work of any kind.
Box 1153. Call office. •
BAKER, all-round man, wants situation in'
country town. Address W.. 227 Second st.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants situation
I In private family; understands any style of
cooking. Apply YAMA, 923 SacramentA st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Bubscrtptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillow* cleaned and renovated
by th» latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson Bt.
FLATS TO LET.
TO let— New flats on Buchanan st., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.; S and 6
rooms and bath: all the latest Improvements.
Apply G. II. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let— LOWER flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1C02
McAllister Et. Apply G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
14 Montgomery it
FLAT 6 ( rooms, 329 Tehama st, with yard and
woodshed: rent reduced. . _^ /
IF you want to move get printed list fiats to let
from BALDWIN &HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
MODERN flat: 8 rooms, bath; good order. 112S
Howard et., near Seventh.
MISSION, 1513, near Eleventh— 8 large, sunny
rooms; bath; laundry; rent $18.
NEW flat. 4 large sunny rooms; water free. 22
. Sumner St., off Howard, near Eighth.
RAUSCII. 62— Flat of 3 nice sunny rooms; large
yard; cheap, rent. -^
$10— COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms. 134 Rose
ave., 1>4 blocks from Market, between Gough
p.nd Octavla. '
$7-4-ROOM flats on Victor St.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— 6 to 10 rooms, unfurnished, flat, by
young, newly married couple; reasonable.
Box 1172. Call office.
WANTED— 6 to 10 room*: unfurnished flat;
. reasonable. Box 1172, Call office. . ,~
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $48 40. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin: tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
FURNITURE of fi Tooms. .partly rented; -rent
. $14 month. 94 Zoe St.. corner Brannan.
FURNITURE of 3 to S housekeeping rooms for
eale cheap. Call S12 Kearny st. \
FIIIIXITURB WANTED. ,
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E.Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.-
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. : tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission at., pay* highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
HELP WANTED KK..IALK.
C. R. HANSEN & CO...... Phone Grant 185
...,;HOTEL DEPARTMENT............
Head waitress, city. $25; 6 waitresses, flrst-
clafcs city hotels, $20; 8 waitresses, commercial
hotels, country. $20: 5 chambermaids to wait,
city acd country. ?20: cook and wife, country
hotel, $63
". ....FAMILY DEPARTMENT...........
German ¦¦ girl for, sewing and care child,' $20;
woman with a child. Institution.- $15: girl to
assist care of "children, $20; house girls. C.
R. HANSEN. & CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN-SPEAKING nurse for 2 children.
$20; call early: very choice place. C. R.
HANSEN . & CO.. 104 Geary St. \
A— HOTEL GAZEf TE. £6 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Waitresses, country hotels, '¦ $20, 1 free fare.
PARI-OR maid and waitress, $25; waitress, ho-
tel. $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 .gutter st. ;
EXPERIENCED finishers ' and apprentices
wanted on pants; steady work; good pay.
'407 Bteventon st. ¦ ¦ ¦-'-• ';-.- - -•
A FEW experienced . operators, and also girls
for - instruction . at the Standard Shirt Fac-
tory. cor. Gough and Grove sts. ,
YOUNG girl to assist with J light housework
t and children; no . washing. - Call ¦ at grocery,
corner Fifteenth st. : and Potrero . ave.
WANTED— Good reliable girl for general
• housework. Call . between 9 and 13 Wednes-
day at 22 Hill st. ; Valencla-st. cars. ,
LADIES -wishing to marry, good < men : call or
write MRS. HERTZ. 106 Ellis St.; no charges.
TAILORESS on custom ' coats and • make but-
tonholea. >A. SIMON A SON. : 120 Ellis St.
A .GIRL or middle-aged ¦ woman i for housework
. and care of 2 children. RATNER. 131 Poat at.
YOUNG girl to assist housekeeping. 824 Eddy
BUSINESS COAXCES — CONTINUED.
A — $700; COR. butcher thep. In northern part
of city; rent (20; horse, cart: selling 4 cattle
and about 15 sheep per week; a cash custom.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $3500; WINE and liquor business In Oakland,
with agency for one of the largest wineries
In the State; a rushing bar trade and large
route of private customers; located on prin-
cipal street. Call R. G. WILKE. 26>4 Kearny.
A— $2590— CHOICEST saloon on Kearny 6t. ;
close to Chronicle building; established years;
3 years' lease; all cash down not necessary.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $500— THIRD interest in laundry company:
doing a first-class business; retiring partner
to leave for New York. Apply R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
A— $1600— CORNER grocery and bar on Guerrero
Bt.; rent $40: large stock, horse and wagon
and a first-class paying business; established
years. Call R. G. WIL.KE, 26Vi Kearny St.
A— ONE of the best saloons with commercial
lunch: close to Palace Hotel; rent $50; owner
sick In bed; a great sacrifice; only $500 cash
down needed.. R. G. WILKE. 2CV4 Kearny st.
A— $S00— CORNER grocery and bar on Langton
st.: rent $30; place estab. 20 years; must sell,
as owner wants to retire and give long lease
to right party. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $250— PARTNER wanted In an employment
office; can clear easily $13) per month; only
good, active man need apply. R. G. WILKE.
16% Kearny St.
A— 1275— CORNER saloon In the Mission; rent
$20; lease; good-paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. £6%- Kearny st.
A— $750— Restaurant with 25 furnished rooms, in
Stockton; rent $25; 2 years" . lease : owner to
leave for East; must cell quick; a good-paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 2C% Kearny st.
PARTNER wanted in a large, old-established,
profitable business, controlling a good, safe,
solid and reliable trade; owing to retirement
cf former manager owner has decided to fell
nn Interest to an acceptable party; duties will
be the keeping of accounts and assisting
generally in the management of the business;
capital required $ouC0 to $10,000; full value in
Bight; books and business open for Investiga-
tion. Apply J. W. DONNELLY &. CO.. 632
Market st.
CIGAR STORE— Splendid downtown location,
paying: business; rent $60; good stock and flx-
I tures; sickness cause of selling; genuine bar-
j gain at price. $S00; many other bargains in j
I bus. opportunities. G. W. SCHWEIXHARD.
I r^one Mint 1911. S17 Market, bet. Eth and Cth.
i A DELICACY store; fine location: living rooms;
I home cocking. COWING, 719 Market st. j
I A ri'TCHER shop; corner: receipts $35 day;
1 Fnap. COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
$100 — CIGAR stand: business corner. Me- j
! LAVGHLIN & CO., 777% Market st. I
i FIRST-CLAPS coffee and chophouse for $275. at
j junction of Market, Gough. Halght and Va- I
! leneia; transfer point; rent $S; no a^rent; J
must sell on account of other business; a j
snap and fortune for right party. 1932 Market. '
MUST be sold to-day at any price offered ;~a |
fine pa loon. 113 Second st., cor % Minna; cause j
of sale sickness. ;
_^__^___— __ —^_^_^_____^_^__ 1
flX<— RETAIL candy etore and factory; reason '
: fcr selling other business. 511 Larkin st.
• -*¦
FOR sale — Rrstaurant doing good business; >.
right -place for man end wife. Box 1169, Call, i
K50-RESTAURANT for gale. Box 1176, Call i
office.
CIGAR stand and newstand; must be sold. 155- j
157 Fifth st. I
PLAY THE RACES'. —
Our expert handicap figures retted $6C2 last
menth. playing $10 straight on each selection ;
commissions from $20 up will be accepted to be
played by us as per our handicap sheets. N. S.
HAND & CO.. 21 Kearny Bt.
FOR sale — An old established bakery busi-
ness, baking about one barrels of flour a day;
principally Etore trade: can be doubled by at-
tending to it. Apply to HARTTER &
HAYES. 216 Front Bt.
BUTCHER business in a country town; estab-
lished over 40 years; average sales 555 per
, day; only shop in town: owner wishes to re-
tire; property will invoice price. Address box
1076. Call office.
A A— $400; grand opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room. 22d ave. station. E. Oakland.
A SURE Immediate fortune fcr honest per-
t"n with capital: call quick; 1 to S and 7 to-S
p. m. LAWN. Lick House.
SHOUT-HOUR" barber shop for sale or ex-
ohance for shop In Oakland or Berkeley.
Box 1135. Call office-.
$S50— MEAT market; finest In city; S blocks 1
from Call bldg.: rent $15; strictly cash trade.
Inquire 109 Buchanan st.
$350 — SALOON for sale; second door from Kear-
ny: $20 month. Apply 423-425 Jackson st.
I RESTAURANT for sale, whole or half; will
I give trial. SC9 Howard st. .—¦
WHITE Front Saloon. 529 Washington et.. near
Montgomery; no agents.
; IOH sale — Fine grocery, bar and living rooms;
cause, elckness. 651 Geary et.
CIGAR store: fine location; for sale; cheap.
79 Ninth st.
$100— OYSTER and chop bouse. 90S>>i Howard
St.; slckneFs the cause.
$20 WINS $200 per month at races: references
given. Infcrmation Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Ft.
LODGING-HOUSES FOU SALE.
LIST your house with me. I can sell it for
you. DECKER. 1020 Market at.
10-ROOM fla*. downtown $500
20 rooms; clears $150 2300
24 rocms; house clears $150 200C
14 rooms on Mission St.* 500
E-room flat on Taylor st 250 j
£0 rooms; new furniture; $1000 caeh 2600 j
1% rooms on Third st 600 I
20 rooms on Powell ft 550 I
46 roon-s; fine corner; clears $200 3500 I
24 rooms on Geary St.; clears $150 1900 1
28 rooms on Kearny St.; clears JliO 1800
43 rooms; bcardlng-house 4000
S3 rooms on Market 6t.. 14C0
12 rooms on Post st ; in payments ebO
12 rooms; clears $75 450
600 OTHERS— PRICES FROM 1100 TO $15,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, phone Mint 796.
€0 ROOMS: newly furnished: rent $150 $3000
37 rooms; money-maker; near Market 1900
50 rooms; Van Ness; finely turn.; extra.. 830
15 rooms; Leavenworth; rent $37 60 900
10 rooms; $450; 10 rooms, quirk 850
20 rooms; detached: handsome yard, with
drive to barn and lease t!0 month, leaving
rent only $65 month; clears $100 month; special
Enap. FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF. 10iC Market st.
Telephone Mint 1591...
27 rooms; rent 150; a bargain JfioO
47 rooms; Al location; part cash 2700
TO rooms; north of Market 2700
I 16 rooms; sunny corner 225fc
I 31 rooms ; worth 12500; reduced to 1300
A FREE LIST MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market; tel. Black 1M3; near Call bldg.;
over tOO houses, from $200 to $19,000; big and
little houses; money loaned If you want to
buy or pell; Dlease call.
CALL and «ee our list of bargains' In houses;
we have them in any part of the citv and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28
Sixth st. .
ANDREW PRICE & CO., SO Kearny St., room e.
Big bargains; list 1:1 office; money loaned;
clear title; houses all full.
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. 30 Kearny St.. rm. 6.
LARGEST list lodrfng-housei!; good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD
rms. 1-2. S17 Market St.. bet Fifth and Sixth.
11 ROOMS, partly furnished: rent $20; good
location; every room light. E17 Pine St.. near
Kearny.
$2000— 56 ROOMS; fine location; well furnished;
all rented; low rent. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
SMALL lodging-house. 9 rooms: 27* Stevenson
Bt. Apply at MARTIN'S. 21 Third st.
$S30-LODGING-HOUSE of "6 rooms; $250 in-
come. 105 New Montgomery st.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEAM.\G.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng -Works. S52-3S7 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at Be
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet- Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mlaalon 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
WAGON for sale. 61S Ellis st.
TOP buggy; piano box; side bar; nearly new;
bargain; 632 Market St., room 8.
AN A No. 1 express v.-agon. single, also light
__camplng wagon, for sale cheap. S32 Mission.
CHIROPODISTS.
CO . RICS> bun!on *. lntrown nails, wartsi chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
OFFICES. ~
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
_less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.> ¦¦¦
C.OTTAGES- TO LET.
t>-COTTAGE: rear: 4'rooms and attic; gaxden;
close to car«. lui^ Filbert st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN second girl. $23; Irish second girl.
$20 : 2 cooks. $30 each ; houseglrl, $25. 2 In
family, no washing; waitress. $25: cook an]
second girl, same house, $23 and {20; woman
for a ranch. J25; nurseglrt, |20. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 . Butter .Bt. ¦ ¦
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutea
at 6 p. m. this evening.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework; 2
In, family. 1749 Ellis st.
NEAT girl for housework and cooking. . . Apply
1303 Gough st. j • •
YOUNG girl •> assist In light housework; car-
fare.. 2S49 Flllmore st.
Elderly German Catholic woman, housework;
no washing: sleep home; $18. 7S2 Fulton st.
YOUNG woman; light housework; good home;
low wages. 249" Minna st. * -.. '
WANTED-^Experlenced apprentice on custom
coals. 410 Kearny St., room 34.
FIRST-CLASS saleslady for cloak and' suit
house. Box 1178, Call office. . • t
WANTED— Steady waitress also a lunch wait-
ress; call early. 613 Sacramento st.
APPRENTICE girls on coats; paid while learn-
¦ Ing. lSSRuss at. . *.
EXPERIENCED dressmakers wanted. iio
Eddy st. • ¦ . . ¦ __ ;
WOMAN with reference to do housework and
cook; wages $10. Addross box 1179. Call office.
SEWING machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory. 32% Fremont
St. V Apply to MR. DAVIS. .
'¦' . \
BUTTONHOLE makers, operators, finishers
and apprentices on coats, vests and pants.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641 Market St.;
call upstairs., - .
GIRL for general housework; family of three;
Eouth of Park; $20, with washing; $15. with-
out: give references. Address P. O. box
21S5. city. . ¦
WANTED— German girl to take care of baby;
must understand sewing. Apply 3232 Jackson.
WANTED — Exoerienced chocolate and cream
dipper.*. Apply 224 Battery st.
APPRENTICES In millinery store at 692 Mc-
Allister St. '
WANTED— Girl to assist In light housework.
1410H Geary Et.
GIRL, general housework. 609 Franklin St..
9 to 12.
EXPERIENCED girl for . second work and
waiting. ¦ Call 1224 Geary st.
WANTED— Girl to do cleaning in restaurant;
no waiting or cooking; reference. 25 Taylor.
GIRL for housework and plain German cook-
Ing; 2 In family. 1444 O'Farrell, upper flat.
WANTED-^A. girl for general housework In
Humboldt Hcuse. 1309 Stockton st.
GIRL for light housework; small family; good
home. Call at 1134 Turk st.
EXPERIENCED girls to paste samples. BEL-
ASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market (upstairs).
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker on coats.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 541 Market St.
EXPERIENCED bindery girl wanted. MY-
gELL. ROLLINS A CO.. 22 Clay st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
reoelved at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ani
subscriptions has been established at 10%
Valencia »t.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. r! HANSEN&CO.'S.Tphone Grant 155
RAILROAD WORK
2S teamsters, - State of Nevada $2 a day
Free Fare Free Fare Free Fare
Blacksmith, $45. helper, $30, large ranch;
blacksmith, $2 SO a day: buttermaker and
milker, $30, see party here, fare paid; sta-
bleman, $50 '
•.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
' Entree cook, $20 a week, south; cook for of-
ficers' mess, country. $50; lroner, city, $10 a
week; colored waiter, country club, $35
C. R. HANSEN A CO 104 Geary st.
A— CORRESPONDENT for wholesale house;
one familiar with Eastern and Coast trade
In dried and canned fruits, salmon and gen-
eral line of provisions; salary to commence,
$1K. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— COOK and wife for country hotel. $60 to
$65. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— RESTAURANT waiter, south. $10 a week,
fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
A— MURRAY A READY Phone Main 6S48
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Stenographer and typewriter, country $50
Z farmers, vineyard, Napa County
$26 and found '
Private family man $30 and found
4 buttermakers and milkers. .$25, $30 and $35
2 orchard pruners 2 choreboys, $15
10 woodchoppers, $1 SO cord, tools furnished..
HOTEL AND LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Cook, country hotel, $1 fare, $45; solicitor
and drive wagon, country laundry: first and
second bakers, $15 and $10 week; waiters,
country hotels
MURRAY & READY 634-836 Clay st.
A— WANTED r.....
Office boy for o-»r office, $3 a week. W. D.
EWER & CO., «10 Clay St.
A— WANTED-
Machine driller for mine,. $2 SO a day; stable-
man, livery, $30 and found: driver milk
wagon, $30 and found; man about place, $25
and found; man to run fruit ranch on shareb;
cabinet maker. W. D. EWER A CO.» 610 Clay.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm 12..
Man and wife wanted to do cooking In a
¦mall country hotel, $S0; bellboy, $15; head
waiter, $40; colored waiter, $23.
MAN to buy a route. Call at MISS CUL-
LEN'S. 325 Sutter St.
A STABLEMAN, city. $30; man and wife,
ranch. $35.- MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union No. 148 meets
TO-NIGHT at 33 O'Farrell St., 8:30 o'clock
sharp. . . I. LESS, Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Experienced salesman, to sell- spool
silks and threads for San Francisco and sur-
rounding towns; must command a good vol-
ume of business among the manufacturing
trades; rend photograph and state full par-
ticulars as to where last employed, - what
route covered and whether on salary or com-
mission. Meyer Thread Co., 80 Kingston
St.. Boston, Mass. Not in the thread or silk
trust. . ..-
GOOD solicitor to can\'ass this city, Oakland
and Alameda for a reliable old - established
business: will pay the right party well; full
particulars upon application. 'Box 1161, Call.
WANTED— Bright boy 12 years old or over,
to bi a companion and do light service for
his board, room, clothes and $5 a -month.
Box 1163. Call office.
WANTED— A well educated, handy young man
who has had some experience with incu-
bators and poultry. Address E. VAN
EVERY. ¦ Edenvale. Cal.
BRIGHT men of good address; money ad-
vanced to right party. ¦ Call between 8 and
9 a. m. at 302 Post st. '
EXPERIENCED butter maker wanted: state
reference. Address PAUL HEILMAN.
MaryBville. Cal. ¦
WANTED— Draper and drapery salesman;
state age. experience, reference, salary. Ap-
ply box 1171. Call office, t :
WANTEIV- Good coatmaker; work Inside; by
piece or wages. 225^4 Montgomery ave.
WILLING boy to work In factory; state age.
Box 1170. Call office.
WANTED— Office boy familiar with the city.
Apply 413 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Boys. 16 years old. Apply at Rope
Works, Potrero. •;;..'
STRONG boy wanted in a wholesale house;
references. 105 Sansome st.
WANTED — Two reliable boys. Vt to 1* years
old. >Call at 114 Ellis, » a. m. to 12 m.
WANTED— Elderly man to do chores and make
hlmeelf useful. 1012 Battery Bt.
MEN or women paid big commissions. Utic
¦ Cleansing Compound Co., 21 v Spear st. .
WANTED— Good painter. Apply before 8 o'clock
this morning at £35 Bryant st.
MAN of good appearance for medical show for
the road. Apply at 41 Third St.. room 10.
A SHINGLER; first class/Call 515 Pine st.
WELL" located' barber ,shop; living, rooms;
cheap rent; good trade;$150.' Box '1177, Call. 1
GET your shoes half-soled- while' waiting: ¦ 25c
to EOc. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BARBERS— Good S-chalr shop for sale; cheap
rent: a bargain; closes 6 p. m. DECKELMAN
BROS., 106 Ellis st. . -
YOUNG- men' for -South 8ea Island whaling
cruise .' at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart ' st.
BARKEEPER: German preferred; reference
-.demanded. Box 1199, Call. *
BARBERS, a complete three-chair outfit for
sale cheap.- Apply 902 Larkln St. : '
16c BARBER shop; choice location; Market st;
flrst-clasa trade; bargain. Box 1020. Call.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. - Boston ¦ House. 520 , Howard ¦ st. ¦ ;
PENSIONS— J." H. Shepard & Co., old reliable
firm. 806 Market.. room 40. Phelan building. ¦¦- ¦ :
MEN to learn 'barber trade. 741A Howard St..
S. F.~ Barber School.
_ n^_MQ.\EY TO LOA*.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages ...............
• Interest In Estate*
Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sties
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. <30 Market.
A— MONEY to loan «t rates which people can
afrora to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will loss
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 908 Market St.
ANY amount at S per cent; lst, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAX. ?4 Montgomery, r. i.
ANY proposition, any amount: • per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
i mcrtgages and securities. Rdom 16. lst floor.
Chronicle building. HAUORAX & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 844 Market
St.; tel Main 1844. Branch 13 Third st.
A— |i0O,00O ON city and country real estate tni
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
ertls. J. BROWN'STONE. 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 SUth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
no removal; no commission; strictly conoden-
tlal. Room ». Conservatory bldg.. SOI Joneg.
ON furniture, pianos; n(# removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room S3.
M S£ E i T loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansome. rm. S.
L>OA £. S ; lst or 2d nitga: city, country: «%; undl-
Md»dlnu.; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
A J;t TI ™' S SaIar * Loan Co., S66 Parrott bulld-
ing. men can secure loans on personal note*.
THE TOISLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
M i O w E rL2° '°. a , a ° n /unilture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st.. room 1. *"••»•
C f'^ H^l? an^nn^T r J ed P*°P le °n note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
rtoraer. S. F. ni«ro»nt Agency, m Phelan Me.
MVSICAL IXSTnUME>T3. ~
CHICKERING «HzZ. m ii,il ITS
Great Union „ £,
Hainea Bros " , rn
Hallett & Davis j^-,
Sherwood & Son '//."" j^
Kramer Bros " j M
Benrlder j»
Arlon i9r>
Schiedemeyer iso
Sterling 225
Curtaz 240
Standard jsi
Conover 200
Easy payments If desired. It wtll pay you
to see BEN'J. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell
St.. Checkering Agency.
ANY person having use for a piano can b •• ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any tlm»
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for JS cash and
}8 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3. M and J3 per month. SHER-
MAN CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco:
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oak-
land.
AN opportunity of a lifetime; will sell off the
following pianos:
Guild J37 ?.1
Novella upright 67 »
Weber 123 00
t Steinways $125. S1S5 290 fto
2 Helnea "....K90. 470 00
a Chlckerings 1173. 285 00
'1 Hallet-Davts. $498; JO new pianos at $152.
. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary it., agents
for Hallet-Davls, oldest and most famous
piano In existence; rents; easy payments.
IF you buy, when you buy, buy a "good buy"
or else It will be a "good-by" to your money
and your peace of mind. Save all trouble by
buying a fine Decker & Son piano at MAU-
VAIS'. 76*> Market st.
ELEGANT baby grand for sale very cheap. If
you want a real bargain here's your chancre.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market at^
PIANOS from $10 upward at MAUVAIS'. 763
Market st. : cash or easy payments.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE.S, J*.
29 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: D'ices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
ELEGANT 3- pedal upright: sacrifice; leaving
city; standard make. 324 Golden Gate ave.
BEAUTIFUL Chick&rlnr upright : cost J475.
now $273. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
A CLEARING out sale of pianos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohmer A Co.. Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and Spellman pianos. 308 Post.
SPECIAL sale— Immense reductions; see our
leader, only »150. BRUENN. 203 Post St.
THREE- PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain;
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
GREAT many bargains in 2nd-hand uprights;
small Installments. Hornung. 116 McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Con-
over A others. W. B. ALLEN A CO.. 314 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st.. 4 eiegant up-
rights at your own, price. Shoninger agency.
BEST rent stock in city; new pianos, J3 p»r
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins. xltheTS. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SPHMITZ. 18 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
OIL. ~~~
20 OR 40 acres for sale In 24— 28— 2T. Kern River
Oil District: a grand chance for a company if
taken Immediately. J. S. EWEN. 123 Cali-
fornia St.. room 407. San Francisco. Cal.
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Co. buys, develops.
exploits and sells oil lands; has exceptional
advantages for securing Eastern capital In
proved fields: communications confidential. F.
H. Hausman. Sec. Sth floor, r. 32. Mills bldg.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 530 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correapondence solicited.
DRIVES them crazy! My prices on stocks. I
buy and yell. LITNDTN. 935 Market »t.. r. *.
OIL STOCK.
WILL exchange Oakland. San Diego or Cbnv
nado property for shares In Occidental. Mon-
arch. Wolverine. Black Jack or Callfomla-
Ftandard oil companies. For particulars se*
R. J. MONTGOMERY, room 3. 4th floor.
Mills building. Pan Francisco.
OIL LA5DS FOR SALE.
KERN. River: proven territory; Una of R. R.
Newton. Carmen A Somes, r. 104. Chronicle.
AND STOKES TOjLJCT.
NATOMA, c:*\ between Sixth and Seventh —
Large corner sunny store: 2 living rooms; $13.
CLEMENTINA. 83— Store; fixtures; J rooms.
Key at 23 Clementina st.. upstaim.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered, 13
uo. Jensen A Bath. $08 Sixth St.: open evenings.
PALMISTRY. *
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
-^£1™ fre«;_ no change unless" "suc^ssfuL
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. ExamltfSr big.
PERSONALS.
of ROSIB
£ OP £S °f ROS 1E FISHER. Address PETER
KOPIvE. International Hotel.
VALUABLE Information will be given to all
persons addicted to the use of cigarettes, liq-
uor, morphine or anx other drug by MR3. E.
PEARCE. 72« Sixth ave.. Richmond District.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
GREAT curiosity; a petrified flsh; fee 23c 834
Market st.. -parlor S7. _^^
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
2oc to $1 to per night; $1 SO to {3 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. 12 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— 13 10 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. CO Kearny st.. near Pine.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
year3' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
WHY guess? You are certain of style and fit hy
using Standard Patterns: February styles
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE, loa Market st.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-ouart**
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTlva
CO.. 1310-1112 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restore* n^
hair, to Its natural color; $1; .y nil druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books w!*«-
- country orders. GOLDSTEIN- * CO.. 733 Ukt.'
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the beat
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
HELP WAHTED— MALE.
WANTED — Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than S feet 4 Inches and not over S feet
1 Inch In height; able to read, write and
speak English. - For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco. Cal. •
BRIGHT men of good address; a splendid offer
for the month of January; $100 a month, in
addition to salary and commission; do not
call unless you are a first-class solicitor of
good address; references. 59 Columbian bldg. '
WANTED— A solicitor of high grade who can
present a high class proposition to selected
Individuals; to canvassing; high pay for
right man. Room 5. S Market St.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
inducements: catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
; that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to 12 per week.
ALL sizes men's <«hoes. slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parti of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
•bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
! subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HK.MOHK HO 1 »**¦ *
ANTVase"or^PiiTs. Piles. PilesTPHes: over 200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone: men who can be Interviewed:
no surgery, salves or ointments; no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Cal..
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For S»l«
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bungles,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FINE, gentle horse, together with surrey and
harness In good order, for sale cheap. STAN-
LY MAYAI,L. G12S Kearny St.. S. F.
FRESH cow and calf for sale. 3527 Seven-
teenth st., near Ddlores.
DRIVING horses wanted in exchange for city
property. t Address box 1013. Call office.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^P^>?f^b^£j^"iHou^eTto^e^s^d^foTcir^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$12— REAR sunny house, 5 rooms. 2510 Calif or-
nla st.; apply middle flat.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
$20— HOUSE of 5 rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping. 118S Noe st.
LOST AND FOUND. * ,
STOLEN from Larkspur residence — One pair
Brussels net curtains and embroideries. Par-
ties holding same will be arrested If articles
are nofreturned Immediately.
PUG doe named "Jack"; lame In hind leg.
Return to 37-10 Twenty-fifth St.. cor. Fair
Oaks and receive reward.
LOST— Large Newfoundland dog. 'black with
white on breast. Return to southwest corner
Seventeenth and Valencia sts.; reward.
LOST— Bunch of ten keys. Return to MAR-
KEL, 179 Fourth St.; reward.
LOST— Pocket memorandum-book and papers:
no value to anybody except owner. Reward
at 723 Bryant st. ' .
LOST— Tan-colored dog: answers to name of
Jack: reward. LEIPSIC BROS, 1421 Bu-
chanan st.
FOUND— A small barge adrift between Marln
Islands and San Quentln on Friday, Jan. 4.
by JOHN GEORGE. San Quentln.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Maim.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
A BRANCH office for Call adrertlsements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
.MATTRESSKS AND PILLOWS.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 7*J.
made to order, renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; fine up-
holstery; expert carpet-cleaning and- laying.
HOPKE BROS.. S18 and 320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 101S Market,
opp. 5th; world-renowned ladles' specialist:
safe, reliable: practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be u^ed at home; consultation
free. After all others fail call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market st. cor. Sixth—
Bafe and reliable ladles' physician: treatment
$5; positive .cure guaranteed: when others fall
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007H Market, expert on dis-
eases of women: 15 years' practice In S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; $5 at of flee; have cured thou-
rands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist; 23 yrs.'
successful practice; gvaranteed treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post at., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. AND 'MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market— Ladles^
specialists: 32 years' practice; positive cure
1 guaranteed; ladies treated can return same
I day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps, clr.
1 MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
clallst; cafe and sure cure. $5; best care; low
fees; when, all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER, ladles' specialist for 87 years.
323 Kearny st.; call and see me.
MP.B. DR.*GWYER. ladles' specialist; home
for patients. 604 Eddy st. . >•
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
• advice free. 704 Sacramento It., near Kearny.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 rage*. !n Tm^tw, fnr mailing. >1 ner renr.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. Id-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
22 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1C19. 1C21. 1C23 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue. - . .¦ :.-.-,
BUY a brand-new typewriter for $5 down and
$3 per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.: rentals, new machines. 13 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
<gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
AUTOMOBILE- or boat upright » horsepower
steam engine; weight 43 lbs.; price $50. E.
II. TTETJE. 415 Market st.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
Apply at 216 California sty > ¦ •.-¦.-
ONE Zhi h. p. Hercule%l. 4, h. p. Hicks gaso-
line engine; good order; bargain. 634 Mission.
21VHAND steam, gas. oil. water and air ma-
chln»ry bought and sold. White. 516 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
¦BAFES — New and second hand.* THE HEK-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento «t.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRBCK. 131 Poat st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market St.. San Fran.
A WEEK'S news for 5c— The Weekly Call. 18
« p*gr«. In wrnnrer. for mailing. . SI p«r year.
MISCELLANEOUS* WANTS.
WANTED— Second-hand gasoline launch; B to
¦ 10 horsepower. Room 31S. Central Bank.
building. Oakland. .¦_ -
A— KLEIN pays best price for clothing, biic-a-
brac. old gold. 109 Sixth st. ; phone Jessie 141.
LADIES' and gents' caat-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom ; tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H^ \l
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market St.
MIXES AXD MIXING.
MONTEZUMA Mining Co.'s copper stock (Wash-
ington) la the greatest bargain on the market.
Development work is being pushed, and mines
will be producers during the com Ins summer.
Par value of stock. $1: during January It is
offered at < cents cash and 7 cents on in-
stallments. The investment of a small sum In
thl« big company will give large return*. Proa-
pectus, maps and ores at our office or by mail.
AMERICAN GUARANTT AICTJ TRUST CO.
Selling Agents, 310 Safe Deposit bldg., S. F.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRSnbR." FARNHAM. world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life. law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; drs. Sun., Wed., Fri. ev.'s.
Come and be convinced. Permanently, located.
613 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign.
A JUBILEE at 809 Market, January 16, at 8-10
sharp; tests 10c; social admission 10c. DR.
RIXES.
CIRCLE to-nlcht, 8 sharp. 10c; readings dally.
MME. MARQUISE, S Hyde Et.. nr. McAllister.
MRS. LESTER— Readings dally; circle every
eve., 10c. except Wed.; devel. circle. 222 Turk.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium & healer; read.
dally. 10 to 10. Vendome. 1104 Market, rm. 14.
EARLE. 305 Taylor St.. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy St.
ALEXANDER CARTELL. healer & developer;
short time only; treats all diseases. 3 Eddy.
C. Mayo-Steers. 112V4 Oak. trance medium;
readings Jl; hours 1-5 p. m.; tel. Howard 527.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; tests to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium.
life 'reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Business Medium,
Is Dermanently located at 17 Third St.. next
Examiner buildlnc She reads your life cor-
rectly, gives an accurate description of the
past, reveals the present happenings and por-
are In trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
satisfied In life, or have domestic, love or busi-
ness troubles, consult this great medium and
you will be told how to overcome them.
Valuable advice in all affairs of life.
Full life reading by. mail; write for Informa-
tion; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 15 years' experience: her knowledge of the
j unseen forces is Invaluable to professional agd
I business men, to wives and lovers; follow her
advice and you will make no mistake. 1104
Market Bt.. corner Mason, room 28.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
! reader, born with double veil— second Bight;
diagnoses disease with life wading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
j ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
1 palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
I 6th; private readings daily, 10 a. in. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE, ctairvoyant, card reader: best
1 advice. 25c up. 472 Stevenson St.. cor. Sixth.
I MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
; band's picture, 23c; ladies. 911 O'Farrell st.
j MME. HANSON, palmistry/ card reader; past,
j present, future: "ac. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
! MRS. Melvill, well-known clairvoyant, water
j reader. 11 Cth; German spok.Mel. HowardlS46.
! MHS. BROWN, scientific card reader; readings
. daily. 109 Fifth st., room 2;
i MME. VALEEN. clairvoyant, card reader,
i palmist and healer. 215 Leayenworth st.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
I lst and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
J MRS. B. BAUMANX. the well-known fortune
teller, has removed to 308 O'Farrell st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium, 215 Kearny st., rooms 8-10.
MME. SCHAFFER. olairvoyant. card' reader;
sittings dally. 44$^ Jessie st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. S Fc^frth st.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTALTcLINIcTsoTlJar^
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 £0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 np;of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. in.: Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 r-i?r cent for 30 da>B on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 CO; fillings. 50c; plates,
jr.. full set; all work painless and warranted.
I Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st. "
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; evtractirnx or fillings .by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
ex;>erlence;: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. I.KEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR.- LUDLUM HILL. H« Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old rlates made over like new; teeth
from JS per set; extracting, 50c: gaa given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
Mission st., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive palnlesn extraction, EOc.
A. L. EIMPSON. D.D. S.. 1206 Market St.— Ex-
pert tooth extractor; crown and brldgework.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 2S5 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set cf teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, C6c.
VAN VROOM— ••Palnlffss"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Plxth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. II. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dresfmakinr and Millinery School;
patterns cut: evening class. 1019 Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
1 EVENING '""SCHOOL^ sTT\~mJSINESS COL-
LEGE. 123S Market St.; individual instruction
I In bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
I civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL Etudents but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; $S per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 5 months; catalogue free. |
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of"
shorthand, reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcwl bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post at..
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, trlegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law an»i medical col-
leges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford profrssor. Phelan building
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Us graduates. 305 Larkin st
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; Pitman sys-
tem: private lessons by an experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL. 126 Kearny st., r. 53. '
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beg'inners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech.,sur-
vey. assay, cyanide, arch. ;day. eve.: est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 953 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-
tice. Merkl. reliable teacher, 1008 Mission st.
FRENCH.Spanlsh.etc. Prof, OeFillppe's Academy
of languages320Post;estab'dl871; ablest profs.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping. Brammar^wrltlng,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.'
ILLUSTRATION— P,ARTINGTON'S DAY and
TT,T.TTPTTtATION: night class. 424 Pine at.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible .housecleaning co.; e*t.
187C; practical recommend; try them: removed
to 419. Devlsadero: tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters • and house • servants. GEO.
AOKI A CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment . ofrtce;
best help. E26 O'Farrell st.; tel.- Hyde; 2191.
RELIAKLE Japanese-Chinese* employment of-.
flee; all kinds jielp. • 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Of Hce;. Chinese. Japan-
ese hrlp fur. 544 California; pfione James 2601.
ORPHEUM, Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 42S Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
. CHINESE and Japanese Employment OfHce —
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
¦MEAT young girl desires situation a« nurseglrl
; or to assist in housework; reference. MISS
CULLEX. 325 Sutter. st.
A COMPETENT girl wishes housework and
cooking. 125; references. 225 Dorland St., be-
tween Seventeenth and Eighteenth, near
Sanchez; no letters answered.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; good fitter and
draper: eews 50c a day or $2 50 a week during
the dull season. M. Ci box 1180, Call office. -
YOUNG German girl wishes to do housework.
Apply 708 Halght ave., fAlameda.«. ,/.
YOUNG girl wishes position to do second work.
Box 1200. Call office. - ?PALACE HOTEL.
J F Newson^Cal E J Lawton. Los Ang
J Marsan, Cal P W Morse. Wataonvlll
F G Baum. Cal Mrs J P Hall, P Alto
J Reid, Montana M S Crlmmins. USA
T M Todd. Cal A W Chesterton, Bostn
M Fox, Chicago Mrs A W Chesterton,
Mrs M Fox, Chgo Boston
R C Ulmer, Vallejo W H T Robinson, N T
J Weston. Oregon L Mannheim. N T
J Cartwell. Cal M K Lott. Spokane
F W Lawrence, Cal Mrs M K Lott, Spokan
A W Kelly, Cal Mrs W Blnney, Wash
W J B Lee, Bkrsfield Miss R Hawley. Cal
H Rumsell. N Y A Kavanaugh. U S N
Mrs H Rumsell. NT OR Fell. U S N
E H Wlnship. Napa - O T Roberg, Illinois
Mrs E H Wlnship, Cal F M Dancy, Atlanta
iC H Bacon, Seattle A H Roblnette, Wash
J H Dockweller, L An V Edwards,' Chgo
"W J Cotton, Coronado Mr« Edwards, Chgo
J J Carter, Tenn : . A. P Cowden, U S N
II Bierce, X Y iJ M Studebaker Jr, S
Mrs H Bierce, N Y t Bend
C H Barney, Mass V H Bryson. <S Bend
V P Tommins, NY O ."rarnra. Hamburg
J W Slsson, NY A Peltzer, Hamburg
E W Dickerman. Mass W A Pownlng, Belvedr
Mrs J Roberts, Phlla J II H Peshlne. USA
Miss A D Roberts, Pa Mrs J H H Peshlne.
F H Carlisle. Mass Cal
Mrs F H Carlisle, Mas H E Pickering, Boston
A L Bell, Ireland J Pickering. Boston
H A Crale. N Y Mrs M B Movlns, N X
8 H Mora, Stockton A J Barron. Vermont
J R Phillip?. Stockton W A Plamondon, Vt
Mrs F J Kingman, Chg|H P Holmes, Oregon
GRAND HOTEL.
W B LaForme, Boston J W Ros.e, Oznard
D A LaForme, Boston J H Seaton & w, Cal
"W B Guild, " Boston C Dunphy. Mlllbrae
W 8 word. NY - C Riddle, Ohio
E C Hart, Sacto J W Kaseburg, Sacto
W M Lowell, Sacto L M Lyon. N Y
A L Bell, Belfast W Edinger. Cal
S I Roper. S Jose C S Ruggles. Chicago
P Storm. Watsonvllle F II Mills. USA
T Relames, Watsonvl L R Slater. Spokane '
.\V E Rooker, Menlo J H O'Connor. S Crux
J B McKeown, Cal T S Eaery. Han ford
A J Larson, Lodl JS Watson, Chicago
H S Lee, Stanford J B Mulloy, Portland
G Smith, Cal G 8 Holm's Jr, Cal
S Sweet, Cal F Mason. Sacto
J Goodman, Cal P E Froellch. WIs
W C Price, Cal L Tucker & w, Colo
O "Waterman, Bakerfld C Mather & w, Colo
W Patterson, .Westley A F Fowler, Chicago
T L Reed, Reedley W E Burgess, Chicago
H Conkllng, 8 Jose W Pike, Cal
W Seymour & w, Chgo B Woodhull. Stockton
R J Price. N C - J - Gardiner, R Vista
F H> Kendall. Mass E OlnkHenell. Sulsun
C Edmunds. Mass I Hayraan, Bal
A D Lemalre, Nev H Stlllman.
Miss Lemaire, Nev A W Smith, Cat ¦
•W E Bmythe. Cal J ,W. Ryan, Humboldt
C C Bush, . Redd Ins;
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J T Peel. NH • Capt Pmlth. Cal
F E Pettingill, Vt C Edwards. Cal
N H Gllman. Vt •¦ < M Momghettl, Cal
J Warneke, Nebr 3 Pinnel. Selrna .
A E Livingston. Utah T C Chase, Kelma
Hon F Powell. Davis O E Woods. Selma
M Wilson. Portland B E Frank. WIs
C F Olfford, w & s. T A McKenzle. Scotli
Illinois M-J Horton, ¦ WIb
D Ladd. Tenn W G Clelland. Portlnd
II W Harala. Tenn R E Na«h. N Scotia
W R Sullivan." Tenft O W Enz. Denver
"W- Sanster. N-C ....• T A Jayne, NY
R J Currant. Pa D A Young, Arizona
F P Brown & wy La C T Hamilton. Chgo
J Davltt. Eureka . . A J -Watts, Chicago
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
James E. and Amelia S. Damon to Katie L.
Werson. lota 1 and 6, block 1203, Felton Tract
Homestead; $500. • ¦; >¦; - - \
William Alllngham to Daniel O'Day," lot is,
block F, Park Lane Tract No. 4; $300.
George and Mary Stambaugh to Peter Cau
bu, lots 1 to 5 and 12. block 399, South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion; $500.
Catherine Larsen to. Henry P. Anderson. lot
on NE line of • Ninth avenue, 150 SE of G
street, SE 150 by NE TOO, block 159, same;
$2000.
Edward E. Koch (Cook) to Catherine A.
Koch (Cook) (wife), lot on SE corner of Fern
avenue and Polk street, 8 30 by E 60; $10.
Marie C. Haller (widow) to Pauline \V. Hal
ler (single), lot on E line of Laguna street.
22:11 N of Bush. N 22:11 by E 82:6; $10.
Danlsl and Ellen Einstein to Frances B.
Rank (widow), lot on W line of Ashbury
street. 83 S of Page. 8 23 by W 87:6: $7500.
Thomas B. Bishop et al. to Las Animas and
San Joaquln Land Company (a corporation),
lot on SE corner of Market and Eleventh
street*, K 27:9 by S 137:6; $49,000.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to
Thomas Casey, lot. on 6 line of Twentieth
street. 62:314 "W of Noe. W 24:1%, S 39:6, S
59:6. E 24, N 100; $2500.
-. Mary Lennox to William C. Hamerton, lot
on W line of Sanchez street, 51:6 N of Valley,
N 25 by W 105; $2000.
Florence Portener (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on N line, of Washington street, 137:6 W of
Mason. W 137:6 by N 137:6; $17,600.
Thomas W. Mahoney to Frank Conklln, lot
on W corner of Sixth and Bryant streets, SW
»0 by NW 75; $15,000.
H. F. and Annie L. Pickle to Charles J.
Hesse, lot on E line of Vermont street, 123 N
of Humboldt, N 25 by E 100; $300.
Margaret Paterson to Alice M. Conner (wife
of Ignatius C), lot on E line of Fifth avenue,
225 S of Clement street. 3 25 by E 120; $1000.
John Andrews Jones Estate Company to Jo
seph. Noe. lot on E line of Forty-ninth ave
nue, 250 N of J street. N 25 by E 120; $500.
Robert M. Wilson to Ada I. McMahan. lot
on E line, of Eleventh avenue, 225 S of II
street. 6 25 by E 120; $300.
Rufflno k Blanchl (a corporation) to .Johan
na Haas (wife of Leonard), lot on E line of
Sanchez street, 200 S of Thirtieth, S 50 by E
123. block 26. Fair-mount:' $830.
Leonard Haas to same, same; gift.
John Shirley to George Sommer. lots 131 and
132. - Vlsltaclon Valley Homestead; $1500.
Mary A. Daley to Elverla A. Waters, lot on
NE corner of Alabama street and Rutledge
avenue, N 25 by E SO, Precita Valley lot 204;
$500.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRA^CISc6j;CALL, 3VEDNESDAY, ; JANUARY 16, 1901.
11
BAIL WAY TBAVEL.
NoiiTHnRH rttirn! ionpait.
(FAOIUO STUTCM.)
TrslsM Its?* nn«f nrc ««««* »•» strrlv* «t
NAN riUBUlWtO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Stresl)
UAYX — FKOM JAITPAJIT 1. 1901. — A»aTTS
7i30a Benlda, Butaun, Elmlrs, Vsc»tUIs,
. Rumsey and Sacramento <:13r
7:311 a DaTia, Woodland. KnigbU Landing.
M»rjsfille. Oro»Ille TtSSp
f:3Ot Atlantic Kxpresa— Oeil«» and Ka*t 12iI3r
8:0tt a Msxtluex, Sau llamon, Vallejo, Jfapa,
CalUtcga and Santa Kosa H:l."Vf
8:00a Nile*. Luenoore. Tracy, Lathrop,
Stockton 7«»5r
8:3© * Shasta V xpreat— Da»ia, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Red
Bluff. Portliud. tilir
' StKtM San Joie. LUermore. Hlockton.
Iciite, Sacramento, FUc«»iU». •
MurjdtHK Cbfco. ltedllliiff 4il»r
NiSOa OakiU'.r, Chinese. Bonors, Carters... 4il3r
11:00a Hsjwards, Kilts and Way Stations. I Is43a
HittOA. Loa Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Latbrop. JS took ton. Mcrctd
Fresuo and Loa Angelas TilSr
O:SOA Vallvjn. Martinez aud War Htatlom Bi49r
' I 0:«0a The O»erl*ud Limited— Ogdeo. D«n- .
Ter, Omaha, Chicago •«4ir
II:OOa Nile*. Stockton, Hacramento, Men-
data. Fresno, Hantord. VlaalU,
FurteiTllle «il»r
1 1 :00a Lbermore. Basger. Goahen Juao-
UoD, Bskersfleld, Los Angeles ' • - ¦-
tl:OOpt£acraiiieut<> Itlver Simmon 15:00*
SiOOr Haywarda. NUes and Way Statloni. 0i«3r
4:liur MHrtlnex. Kan Itaraoii, Vall«Jo,
Napa, CatlnU>ica. Hauls Kom Vila*
•IifflOr Itaulda. ! Winters. Hioramento,
W'ooilland. Kulghta landing.
M»r;a«IU«. Oioillle '!! : !**
•liUOrHaywsrds, Nile* and 8anJo»» J*'i2 A
S:OOi> Nile*, IiTsrmore. Stockton. Lodl .., IOjISa
«5:00p Bimset Limited. El Paso. l»sw
' Orleana and East. elOtlSa
. 3:OOpTlia Owl ljmited— Tracy, Fresno.
BakersBeld. Batigna for Sauta Ba»-
bara, Los A»*eles j,l»«l»*
SiOOp New OrUani Eipress-I»s»enn*ld.
Hiiiita Barbara, Los ADgoles. Dem-
lug. El Pa»o. Now Orleans aud
Kit 7i«!»a
H:OOpHaTwarda, Nile* and 8au Jose ''I'"**
)«:OOr Vallejo ••••iir llw»4
o.oor Oriental Mall-Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, CUicaco Iliiar
6 lOOr Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denter, • ¦ •_
Omaha. Chicago ««l»r
7tO0r Okr-oh and California ISiprew.Mao*
THineiito. Marisilll*. ItaMlng. Mm
1-ortlHiiil. 1'iiget Hound ami Kaat 8>«Sa
8i«3rSan Pablo, P»r» Cotta, Marlines .'„¦¦"
' and Way atatlous 1 l t i« A
lg;03p ValHo 1t*3r
¦ COAST IM VISION (5arro>t Uaugt).
(foot ot Market Street.)
8il»ANewaxlt.(Jeutertllle,8anJoi«,F»lton i
Boulder Crcek.SsuU Of ux and Way
Stations •••.. •«••»
t '4il.tr Newark, Oe>iter»tlle. 8au .loia. New
AlmadeD, Feltou, noitMnr Greek.
Santa Cius and l'tlnclpal Wsy
• '> Stations ?'••";*
4il.1p Newark, Han Joaa. Loi Gfctoa Si»Oa
aviSOr Iluntara' Exeuraion, Ban Jos* and
Way Stations H«**r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIX FRIBC1SC0— Fut if Miriit Strut (Slip 8)—
17:16 9:00 11:00*. M. 1:03 3:00 8:83 >>.M.
fromOlUna— 7oiI»:Bio»1«iij.— t«:00 18:00 t8.<35
1Q:00a.h. 12X0 8:03 4:03 8:18r.n.
COAST UITINIOX (Broad Usage).
(Third and Towngentl Sts.)
10: 10* Ocean View, Sonta Han Frandioo.. tttiUOP
7jOOa Sau Jo«» ami Way SUtlons (New
Almadeu Wedueadaji only) IiSOr
•¦••a Han Joie. Trei Finos. Banta Critx.
I'aollic Urine. Tain Knbles. ban
I.nii Oliiapo, Surf, Loropoo and
]'rinc!;<al Way SUtlnm 4il0r
IOiIOa Ban Joie and Way Statloua «>83a
I IiZOa Sau Joie ami Way Station* Si3OP
t'4:!5p San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Joie,
Tres Pinos. Sauta Crux, Salinas.
Monterey aud FacIDo Grore flwiaSA
t«:Snp Han Joie aud Way Station! «*|»P
t4:I3p SanJoseauil Principal Way SUtlous V:13a
t3:OOp8an Joae, Los Gstos »nd Principal
WaySUtloos f»:0O»
StSOp Sau Joie and Principal Way Stations JsaJJa
«::t»pSan Joisaod Way Statloui t8«O©A
qll»4»pSan JoseaiidWay Station! 7iS0r
A for Morning. P/or AfUrnooo.
t Hun.Jay exeepted. t Saoday omly.
a Mondays, Wednesdaya, Fridays,
e Tueidays, Tbandays, Sondais. "
a Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FERRY- FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEKK DAYS-7:3O. »:00, 11:00 a. m.; 11:35. 1:20.
5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60 and
11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, t:30. 11:00 a. m.l l:S0. 3:30. «:00,
1:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. »:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
1:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturday! — Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:35 p. m. •
SUNDAYS-8:lO. »:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, S:40, 5:06,
8 "15 p. u.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park.
game schedule a» above.
Leare j In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco. | Nov. «. 1900. I San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I fun- j Week
Days. I daya. | EXttlnatlon. | day. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am) 8:40 am
J:J0pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:05pml0:Kam
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm <:22 pm
Fulton.
7:S0am Windsor. 10:J5 am
Healdsburs,
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
1:80 pm 8:00 «m Cloverdale. 7:85 pm 6:M pm
7:S0am| I Hopland I 1
I 8:00 »m| and Uklah. | 7:3Spm| >:Hpm
720 am I - I 110:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm . *:& P m
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 1:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. <:05 pm t:tt pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 amjlO:K am
t:80pm| 6:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| <:K pm
Stapes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
springs and White Sulphur Springs ; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Spring:*; at
Geyservill* for Skaggn Springs : at Cloverdale
for the Geyxers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs Highland Pprinrs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs Bine Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day'a. Riverside. Lierley*B. Bucknell'a.
Sanhedrln H»!shts. HullvUle. Orr'e Hot Spring*.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal,
Wllletts, Laytonvllle, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsens, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip- tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond Ean Rafael at halt rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market St.. Chronicle build-
In*. R. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pas». A«t-
Gen. Manager.
Are You
Interested in
Mexico?
We are thinking of running
a cheap excursion to Mexico
about March ist. Do you
care anything about it? Let
us know if you do.
F. \V. PRINCE,
Santa Fe Agent,
641 Market st.
I NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via S«usallto fmrty-
Commencing September 30. UOOl
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLBT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-«:M. •9:15. 11:00 a, m., n-.U,
m 8:15. 4:00. 5:15. '6:15, C:(0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill • Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdaya and Sat-
urdays at t:00 and 11:35 p. m.
8UNDAT3~*8:00. •lCW. »U:J0 a. m., "1:1*
3:15. »4:45. «:30. 1:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qtientm.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANC18CO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:20. ¦•€: 80. 7:45. 9:30 a. m..
•U:30. 1:45, »3:30. 4:30. 1:20 p. in. 1- '
" EXTRA TRIPS orr Mondays, Wednesday •
: and Saturdays at C:45 and 10:M p. m.
SUNDAY&-<:20. •*:«). *10:0O. «U:45 a. m,.
-1:40. *2:15. 4:45. »«:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) »Urt from San Qnentlo.
• FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO,
i WEEK DATS-«:45. «:45. 7:55. 1:30 a, ra..
- «:», J:10. 1». 4:84. 8:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdays
• and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
, SUNDAYS-8:03, 10:05 a. m... 12:04, 2:15, 3 ;M,
1 B:M, t:4S P. m.
».:'¦¦ . THROUGH TRAINS.
J - <:BS a.' m. .week days— Caxadero and waj
1 stations. . ¦¦¦¦
1 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomal»s and wa]
• stations. , . -'I'ltSj '"BJTi>a6ff<» YtWSEBt&xamx
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales aad waj
I stations. - :
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Boniface Church, Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth streets, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery.
TRETWHELLA— In this city, January 14, 1901,
William, beloved husband of Carrie Trew-
hella. a native of Kngland, aged 55 years 1
month and 14 days. (Grass Valley and Vir-
ginia City papers please copy.)
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morxow
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Windsor Hotel. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, via electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
VANDKRPOOL— In this city, January 15. 1901.
Lois Belasco Vanderpool, beloved dauKhter of
John A. Vanderpool and the -late Grace C.
Vanderpool, and sister of Harding F. and
Sarah May Vanderpool, a native of Napa
City, Cal., aged 3 years 9 months and £7
days.
WAKELIE— In this city. January 15, 1901,
Delia D., relict of the late C. H. Wakelie.
a native of New York, aged 80 years 10
months and 19 days.
WHITE— In this city, January 14. 1901. George,
dearly beloved husband of Annie White, and
beloved father of Mrs. Augusta Hanson, a
native of New York, aged 65' years 6 months
and 10 days. A member of the Veteran Vol-
unteer Firemen's Association.
IT-TTTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from headquarters
of Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Association
of California. . Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Remains at the funeral parlors of the
Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company, 1200
Mission street, until 12:30 o'clock.
MEMBERS of Veteran Volunteer Firemen's
Association will assemble at headquarters, 24
Fourth street, this day (Wednesday), at 1:30
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, George White. Per order
S. BUNNT2R, President.
J. J. McMAHON. Rec. Sec
WITTMAN— In this city, January 14, 1901.
Elizabeth Agnes, dearly beloved daughter of
John and Caroline Wittman and sister of
Joseph and John Wittman, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 years 2 months and 12
days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 4ES Tehama street, between
Fifth and Sixth, thence tor St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, near Jones
street, for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WRIGHT— In this city, January 15. 1901, Wil-
liam, dearly beloved husband of Annie
Wright, beloved father of Mrs. J. Dolan,
Mrs. R, Gallagher. Mrs. J. Dunphy and Rob-
ert, William, Frank. Edward. Annie. Lo-
retta, Charles. Joseph, Emily and Ethel
'Wright, a native of ¦ England, aged 62 years
and 10 months.
IT7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2218 Fifteenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a requiem
high mass will b« celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ZIMMERMANN— In the City and County Hos-
pital, January 14. .1901, George Zimmermann,
a native of Germany, aged 49 years.
RAILWAY TRAVEL,
| The I
Road=Runner %
?¦ : -f -
4 4-
4- . ' -4*
4- "-. -+¦ i
£ On the Santa Fe road to
¦?¦ Chicago in 3 days— ?•
She runs the +
¦?- ' ;+-4? ' ¦¦
4- ' ?
4- :^>-:
+ +
I California I
4- - 4-- .
t Limited t
4- ' >+ '¦
4 tV-f .
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Terry Depot
Local Llm'd Orrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lr. Pan Fran. T:M a »:00a S:Wp 4:3> p
Ar. Stockton . 10:25 a 11:43 a 11:05 p 7:23 P
•• Merced .. 12:» p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno ... !:*> P 1:35 p I:C6 a
" I la r. ford . 4:23 p 1:27 p 7:0« a
" Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tular« ... 4:17 p 4:17 p »:05 a
" Bksfleld . «:W p 5:!0 p 7.S0 a
" Kan. City 1:41 a 7 JO a
" Chicago 1:15 p »:00 p
a tor morning: p for afternoon. -
J-.OO a. m. train la tha California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlninx
Cars through ta Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld (or accommodation of local
first class passengers. ' No second class
tickets ar« honored on this train. Cor-
• responding train arrives at 5:55 p. ra. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
t:00 p. in. la the Overland Express, with
through Palac« and Tourist Sleepers aad
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palaca
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 9:65 p. m. dally.
7:S0 a. m. is Bakerafleld Local, stopptnc
at al! points «n San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Office*— Ml Market street and In Ferry
Depot. Ban Francisco: 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Broadway
>L. wharf. San Francisco:
Mhw For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
SBShw Jan. 11. 15. 21, 28. it Feb. 5.
K^J3»g»v Chang* to company's iteamer*
* For* Victoria. Vancou-r^r iB.
LfGrCSrfTa! C). Port Tonrosend, Seattle.
PvySSpafifk] Tacoma. Everett. Anaoortes.
U> and N«w Whatcora (Wa*h.)—
"•* n a. m.. Jan. U. 1«. tl. M. «•
Feb. ». and .very flfth day thewafter. Chan**
st Seattle for this company's steamers for
AlaikT and O. N. Ry.: at Beattl. or Tacom*
to N P. Ry. ; *t VancouT»r to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— I p. m.. Jan 8.
13* 18. ». tsVFeb. X. and •very lifts d*T tn«r»-
*FoV San Diego, stoppta* on!y at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
rele«>— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. » a. m.;
¦teamer Santa Roaa, Sundays. » "-.nV^. _ _
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). OtrUi^
8anta Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, ban Psdro.
Kaat San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m.; steamer
Bonita. Tuesdays. » a. m. ...
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose dM
Cabo. Maiatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.>-10 a. m.. 7th «»f h »° n < h -
For further Information obtain company's
°The company reserre* th» right to «»*ar«
ptearaers, sailing dates and hours ot sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
" GOODALL PERKINS ft CO.. O«B. Agt»..
10 Market st..*gan Francl»o.
THE 0. R. & B, -CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
p> o k. t Hi, j^3srr>
From Sp«ar-str«st "Wharf at 11 a. m.
CA DC $12 First Class Including Berth
I AnC $8 Second Class arjd Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails Jan. 13. S3. Feb. a
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Jan. S. IS. 23
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena tnd all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. Oeneral Agent.
630 Market t.
AMERICAN LINE.
HIW YOaK. EOUTHAJIPTOS. LCHD05. PAMS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Southwark Jan. tZ\ Kensington Feb. V?
Vaderland Jan. 30 St. Loul* Feb. »
New Tork Feb. (l.N'ew Tork Feb. 17
RED STAR LINE;
N»w York and Antwarp.
From N«w Tork Brery Wednesday, 13 Noon.
couthwarlc Jan - ** *»oordiand Feb. 20
Westernl&d .-Feb. « Frlesland Feb. 27
Kensington Feb. 13 Southwark — March i
INTERNATIONAL COMPANY.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
30 Montgomery street.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHAB7, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets at 1 p. bv.
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlcso), Nagasaki and, Shanghai, and
cocnsctln* at Hongkong with steamers tor In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day or
MARX7 '
..........I Thursday. January 24. Wl
SS NIPPON MARU
sa. «^ r «* Tuesday. February ». 1901
ss. * aWica .^Y;;^ a^ : "i£^"a;- MW
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and pa"»*T« "PPlT at company** office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. Oeneral Agent.
VVVUU1V V'W W DiaECHiaEra TAHITI
SS ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
7t7. Friday. January IS. I p. ra...
BS SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia •
Wednesday, January 13, at > p. m»
SS . AUSTRALIA.^r^ahU,.. r;iiH ........ i . ; £.
I O.smKELS & BROS. CO., 6mtr*l Jgds. 327 Izrht St
Baa'l Paaanpr OHa, S43 Hartat St. Pier li. 7. Paeifle It
PANAMA IVS
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Reduced Cabin Fare, $75.
i S. S. ST. PAUL sails January 29,
S. S. RQANOKE sails Feliruan 13,
From wharf, foot of Fremont st.. at 3 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 335 Market it.
F. F. CONNOR. Pariflo Coast Agent.
COXFASXIE eXITZSALX ' TXA5aaTLUITIQ1IX.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, jjm*
Sailing every Thursday, lnatead of
S£T% a^d^waTd'^NE^L^^
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, U
Broadway (Hudson building) New York. J.
F FCOAZl ft CO.. Paclflo Coast Agent*. S
Montgomery auntie. Ban Francisco. Tlokats
gold nv all Ranro»<1 Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVES. STEATffrTTta.
"forITT. havy yard and yallejo.
Steamer ">MontlceUo/*
MOS.. Tnea,. 'Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 1:43
a. m.. S:15. 1:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlqrht): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 1:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., I
p. m. Landing and office. Mlsslon-itrtat Dock.
Pier No. 1 Telephona Main 150 S.
! FARE SOS.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAR.W ST. Established
In 1834 for the treatment nf Privnt»
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearlngon hody anil mind and
8kln Diseases. Tlie Doctorcures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Care* guaranteed. Call or write.
Dr. H: F. tilBBOK, ban Francisco, Cal. -
Far*. San Francisco to Summit and return.
"NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NO\T OPEN.
Ticket' of fW«. Vt\ Mwrkot «t.: Sauwallto Fernr.
Leaves. San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS. .8:00. 10;00, 11:20 and 1:15 p. m.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
REAL estate auction sale of some choice pieces
of Alameda property on Saturday. Jan. 19.
JSCl. at 4 p. m., at ealesrootn, 1J.01 Park St..
Alameda. Cal.. particulars later: tend for
catalogues. J. A. MONROE & CO.. auction-
eers. 1501 Park Et., Alameda. Telephone
Grand 17t. '
ALAMKDA ROOMS A * P - PO - -^Pi 0 ',^
WE offer elegant tult» of rooms and board In
•elect private home In Alameda to refined
couple; references required. Box 363. CalL
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
$1SS&— CO2T Eautlake cottage of 6 rooms, bath,
hall, bay window and basement: lot 30x100
feet, with open lawn and. etone walks: elec-
tric line In front; short walking distance irom
local itatlon; Insured for $1000- rents for $12
per month; street work complete; the best
I part of East Oakland: this Is a bargain for
a home or an investment.
12750— Modern 2-i.tory dwelling of t rooms, bath,
double parlors, bay windows, and all in first-
class condition; lot 60x140 north or sunny
side of street, in the very. best location close
to Telegraph ave. ; mortgage of $2500 on this
property forces the owner to sell; this place
Is worth $4500.
GEO. ¦W. AUSTIN A CO..
THE HOUSE RENTERS.
1008 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
OAKLAND FUH.MTCRE FOR SALE.
AX Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROO5IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH, 1203— S small rooms for housekeeping;
cooking stove- furnished.
CHESTNUT. 2J 3. No. Beach— Kurn. for house-
keeping; eunny cr. house; quiet neighborhood.
EDDT. 933— Floor of 4 furnished housekeeping
room*; private residence; no children.
ELLIS, 518— Sunny front room, with kitchen.
ELLIS, 1127— Housekpg: nicely fur. front room,
with kitchen attached; bath, yard and grate.
MCALLISTER, 638— Elegant furnished sunny
parlor suite; sink; gas; range; bath; laun-
dry; ?20. .
MCALLISTER, S09— Two very pleasant bay-
window rms. ; bath; laundry; no chHdren; $14.
MCALLISTER. lOOO. cor. Central ave.— 2 nicely
furn. rooms for houBekpg, $8; running water.
OAK. 119— One very sunny room, furnished for
housekeeping; stove, closet, water; $S.
HOWARD. 1845— Front and back parlor with
use of kitchen; private family.
EECON'D, 212— Neatly furnished rooms; clean
and respectable; reasonable.
S3 50— TWO unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
sunny. D61 Seventh Bt. : key at 655 Seventh st.
SEVENTEENTH, S650— $8; sunny front room
complete for light housekeeping; one person.
VAN NESS ave., 1401 and 1403, NW. cor Bush
—Elegant sunny suites and apartments for
housekeeping: private baths: telephone; elec-
tric lights; sun all day; gas ranges; running
water in every room: will be arranged, clean-
ed, painted and ne^Iy furnished to suit.
WILLOW, 10, off Larkin, near. Eddy— 2 room*
for general housekeeping; $12.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and I'nfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 821 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 50c up; first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14$ Sixth— Rooms 25o
to Jl per night; 1 1 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
HURNETT. 1126 Market (old No. 1564)— Fur-
niehed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 620 (The Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
rms; day 2Cc up; wk. $1 50 up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
EDDT. 473— Large sunny room; very nicely
furnished; to nice tenant half Dric*.
El. I. IS. 671 — Furn, rooms; prlv. family; modern
Improvements; phone; owner occupant: refs.
CEARV. 4«5(The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rmi; suites or single: travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
LAS PALMA8, l«20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms; private; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
LEWIS place, IS, off Taylor, near Post— Fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms to let; single
or en suite.
MCALLISTER. M9. near Laruna— One very
pleasant front room for gent; bath; private
family; ¥¦. ,
KI.VXA, r-67. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
hay-window rocm; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1915 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 ¦ week up; 33c a day up.
OTARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. 805 — Comfortable room for re-
spectable vountr man; S3 per month.
O'FARRELL. S14 A— Beautifully furnished eun-
ny front rooms; reasonable.
POLK. 717 near Eddy — 2 furnished rooms, with
use of bath. *4 ana *S.
FOSEDALE House. 219-321 Ellis gt.— Rooms,
night. 25c to II: week, $125 to <4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
i! F\ ROOM-RENTTXO Bureau, 927 Market
st., room 204— 300 choice rooms; free list.
SACRAMENTO. 2533— A large nicely furnished
bay-window front room: private family; $10.
EHERMAK Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. EJ6A— 2 nice front rooms; running
water; fireplace; furnished or unfurnished;
board optional; private German family.
STEVENSON'. K14B— 2 newly furnished rooms
to rent; reasonable; use of kitchen.
BITTER, 310'i — Changed hands; newly reno-
\-ated; sinsle rooms. JS; suites. J12 to $23 mo.
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
AT the old Btevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex S07 California et., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
ROOMS and board: prices reasonable. 418
Flrtt-Bt. •
ROOMS WANTED.
BY gentleman and wife, no children, three or
four wrtl furnished sunny rooms for light
housekeepltg; or flat of not over 6 rooms;
references exchanged. Box UK. Call.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that th« following orphans, half-or-
phans and abandoned children have b«en re-
ceived Into the orphan*»e from July 1. 1800.
to Dec. «, 1900: Bertha Wess. 11 yrs. ; Fred-
erick, 4, and Ray O'Brien, 2 yrt. 9 rao«.;
Celia. 4. and Willis Flynn. 1 yn.; Mary Mc-
Laughlin. 11 yrs. 3 mos.; Mamie Mullaney. 7:
Ann Mullaney. 2 yrs. 1 mo.; Christopher Mul-
laney. S yr*. ; Jltn Power. 2 yrs. 1 roo. ; Violet,
6 yrs.. and Bert Rlppon, 4 yrs. : Irene Pel-
man, 3 yrs. 10 mos.; Mary Purdy, 6 yrs 1
mo., aril Allre Purdy. 1 yr. 6 mo.: Ethel. 6
yrs.. end Clar Johnson. 8 yrs.; Maria Al-
bach. 6 yn. 1 mo.: Joseph. S yrs. 2 mos., and
Julia Kennedy. 2 yrs. 10 mos.; Hazel Adams,
11 yrs.: Lillie Albertlen. 7 yrs. 4 mos.: Annie
Deftechia. 9 yrs. 3 mo«.; Hilda, 3 yrs. 10 mos
and Myrtle Deffechla. 2 yrs. ; Joseph. 2 yrs. 4
mos.. Louis. 4 yrs. 10 m«., Delia Jeffers 10
ym.; Elwood. 6 yrs., Howard, 6 yrs., and
Maude Wesley. 3 yrs.: Rose Hurbert, E yrs.
4 mos.. Edwin, 2 yrs. l mo., and Rachel Vail-
vard. 1 yr.: Joseph MacCort. 6 yrs. 1 mo.:
Frank Hynes. 1 yr. 3 mos.. and Addle Hynes.
2 yrs. 8 moi. : Irene Moody, 8 yrs. 1 mo :
Frank Balenjar, 6 yrs.: Joseph, 10 yrs. 10
tnos.. Luke, 4 yrs., and Fanny Vydan. 2 yn.;
Eugene Gibbe, 1 yr. « mos.: Mary. 5 yrs., Jo-
seph. I yrs.. and Margaretta Olsen, s yrs.;
Lillian Radcan. 7 yrs. 1 mo., and Uura Rad-
can, t yrs. 8 mos.; -Alfred Brellla, 5 yrs ;
Willie OTarrell. 8 yrs. 2 mos.: Mary, 6 yn..
Ethel. 4 yr». 10 mea., and Kate Rowan, I
yrs. 2 m«i.; Eva Bony. 7 yra. u mos.; Ger-
trude. 4 yr«., and Jim Daly. 2 yrs. 6 mos.;
Clara, < yrs.. and Mary Lonta, 6 yrs.: George.
4 yr».. and Hubert Kannfeld. 2 yrs. t mos.:
Fred Fraser. 6 yrs. I mos.: Maria Behoof er, 10
yrs.: Mary Coonan. 4 yrs. 7 moe.; May, 7 yrs.
4 mos., Joseph, 4 yrs.. and Agnes Filling-. 6
yrs. 8 mos. _^-_
FREE clinics for the deservlnr poor will re-
open Feb. 1 at the Pacific Coast Regular Col-
lege of Medicine, S18 Howard St.. near
Fourth.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collection* made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
41S M^ntroTnenr rt.. room* iMO: trt. RS80.
SEWINC MACHI.VE! AND SCPPUE8.
ALL kinds bought. coM and repairing truaran-
teed. Charlea Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. Uth.
AlA, kinds twught. sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.: phone Black 1124. -. 205 4th.
EOUGHT, sold, rented, -repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 14S (th: phone Hint S.
jstoragk; and warehouse a .
office. Tost and Powell sta.; tel. Main 6718.
"WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth arid Market; phone South 762.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
, TELEPHONES.
TELEPHONES, house or private lines. 14 50 a
set; electrical work installed. 1536 Pt. Lobos.
TYPEWRITERS A>'D SUPPLIES.
GREAT BAJtGAlNBTN^TPEWRITEirs^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. {3. Tho Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 26S.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery at.
• DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend" No. 87 (twen-
ty-flve cents per share) of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be payable
at the office of the company, S27 Market it.,'
Ean Francisco, Cal., on and after Monday.
January 21, 1901. Transfer books close on
Tuesday, January IS. 1901. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. ¦
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Edlglo Maracd, 24. Ban Jose, and Fanny
Paulueci, 17. 1029 Montgomery street.
James G. Streather, 81, 228^ Oak street, and
Sarah Wackenhuth. SO, 22&H Oak street.
William E. Blater, 24. 403 Hyde street, ,and
Anita B. Touhlll. 22. 403 Hyde street.
George P. Dumphy. 27, Vallejo, and Jo-
seph'ne Foley, 23, San Francisco.
James Barron. 84, 324 Ninth street, and Fan-
nie Byrne, 22, 905 Market street.
Anthony A. Andre, 55. 2014 Fillmore street.
and Susan Eckman. 26. 36 Austin street.
John E. Daly. 24, 15 Michigan street, and
Slollle F. Corrlgan, 22. E06 Twentieth street.
Martin L. Crlmmlns, 21, New York, and Mar-
garet C. Col». 22. city.
John Johns, 36. 113 Gough street, and Julia
Peyton. 33, 2123 California street.
William H. Pratt. 20. 1316 Larkln street, and
Agnes R. Dnpel, 20, S03 Bryant street.
. John C. Mclntosh. 25. 639 Fell street, and
Juliet G. McDonald, 22. 639 Fell street.
August F. Brinkinan, 23, 118 Drumm street,
and Carrie L. Ridllngton. 21. 19 Lapldge street.
Addlscn J. Parry. 25. 1060 Pacific street, and
Llvla A. BIconso. 23, 317 Filbert street.
Pilade Lencl. 27, 1212 Stockton street, and
Margaret L. McPherson, 29, 713U Union street.
Charles Roberts, 35. city, and Katharine
Pratt, 23. Vacaville.
Francisco Friedlanl. SO, Isleton, and Sara-
flna Friedianl, 21, 33% Sheridan street.
Jean Lafanrue, 82, San Rafael, and Made-
leine Bedecarrax, 31, 1314 Stockton street.
Louis Ettling. 28. 657 Willow avenue, and
Nettie Morris. 21. 765 McAllister street.
William Wan Tee, 24. . Hanford. and Kwal
Fung. 20. 3130 Twenty-first street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. ,
BOBN.
BALOUN*— In this city, January 14, 1901, to th»
wife of Joseph P. Baloun, a daughter.
BURKE— In this city, January 7. 1901. to the
wife of John Burke, a son.
HXrLOW— In Oakland, January 15, 1901. to
the wife of W. B. Harlow, a daughter.
ROEHL— In Oakland, January 1. 1901, to the
wife of F. W. Roehl, a daughter. '
DUFF— BENDER— In this city, January 11.
1901, John F. Duff and Cora F. Bender, both
of San Francisco.
HEINE— HEINE— In this city, January 12.
1901, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander of the
First Kngllsh Lutheran Church. William K,
Heine and Anna Heine, both of San Fran-
cisco.
KOCHLER- WOLTER— In this city. January :
14, 1901, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander of the
First English Lutheran Church. Louis Koch-
ler and Anne Wolter. both of San Francisco.
___
Bell. Florence . Mannlx, Joseph
Brown, Aleon C. Marcoux, Delphles
Brown, Theadora M. Morgan. Mary
Brunner, Albert A. O'Connell, Annie
Castle. John M. ONell. Thomas
Claffey. James Perry. Robert O.
Clark, Emma F. Plant, Kaspar
Cole. Dr. R- Beverly Key. Jane A.
Deveney. Bridget Scanlon. Kitty E.
Dippel, Harry W. Sehabiague, Marie
Pmry. Bridget Schlesselmann. John
Fallon. Matthew Pmlth. Bridget
Frasier. Alexander Smlthurst. Albert
Haberlan. Thomas Solomon. Chapman
Harris. William H. Stroetgen. Joseph
Hough. SuEan E. Trewhella. William
Jordan, Mrs. Kate Vanderpool. liols B.
Kelling, Lizzie L. Wakelie. Delia D.
Lutgen. Herman "White. George
McVeigh, William "Wittman, Elizabeth
Machado, Mary . Wrirht, William
Mahoney. Thomas Zimmermahn. Geo.
BELL— In this city, January 14, 1901, Flor-
ence, beloved daughter of the late Joseph
and Mary Bell, and sister of John, George,
Frank, Edward and the late Charles Bell,
Mis. M. Turner, Mrs. K. Seres and Mrs. E.
Johnson, a native of San Francisco, aged IS
years and 4 months. .
BROWN— In this city, January 15, 1901. A 1 son
C. Brown, beloved nephew of James Ellis
of Forest Hill, Placer County, Cal.. a na-
tive of New York, aged "1 years.
BROWN— In this city. January 14, 1901, Thea-
dora M. Brown, a native of Taunton, Mass..
aged $4 years and 6 months. (Taunton and
New Bedford, Mass., papers please copy.)
CyFriands are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at
2 o'clock, from her late residence, 207 Thir-
teenth street, near Howard. Interment I. O.
O. F. "Cemetery.
BRUNNER— In this city, January 14. 1901,
Albert A. Brunner, beloved brother of Mrs.
Marie Jansen, and uncle of Augusta Jansen,
a native of Weuchatel, Switzerland, aged o2
years.
CASTLE— In this city, January 15. 1901. John
Milton, beloved son of John and Kate Castle,
a native of San Francisco, aged 22 days.
CLAFFEY— In this city. January 15. 1901.
James Claftey, a native of County West-
meath, Ireland, aged 65 years.
CLARK— In this city. January 14, 1901, Emma
Florence Clark, wife of Cosmor B. Clark of
Hanford. Cal., and daughter of H. E. John-
son of Hanford, aged 23 years and IS days.
COLE— In this city, January 15. 1901, Dr. R.
Beverly Cole, a native of Virginia.
(C7"Tne funeral services will take place
to-morrow {Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the
Masonic Temple, under the auspices of Cali-
fornia Commandery No. 1, K. T.
DEVENEY— In this city, January 13. 190L
Bridget, belpved wife of Henry Deveney,
and aunt of John Deveney. a native of
County Louth, Ireland, aged 62 'years.
(CJTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Rose's Church,
- where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her eoul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DIPPEL— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Harry W. Dippel, the dearly be-
loved son of John and Eliza Dippel, to-mor-
row ¦ (Thursday), at. 9 o'clock, at All Hal-
lows' Church, N street and Sixteenth ave-
nue, South San Francisco. Friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully Invited to at-
tend.
DRURY— In this city, January 15, 1901, Brid-
get Drury, dearly beloved wifa of Peter
Drury, and mother of Mrs. Eliza Floyd, a
native of County Sllgo. Ireland.-
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited t<J attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the. funeral
parlors of Valeote.' Marinl & Co., 1624 Stock-
ton street, between Green and union.
FALLON— In tfclf city, January IB, 1901, Mat-
thew Fallon, beloved husband of Mary E.
Fallon and brother of Mrs. James D. Leary
of N«w Tork City, a native of Brooklyn,
N. Y... aged 67 years 1 month, and 28 days.
C7Notice of funeral hereafter.
FRASIER'-In this city, January 15, 1901, Alex-
ander Frasier. late of United States Navy,
a native of Scotland, aged 66 years.
B^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Craig & Cochran Company. 62 and 56
Mint avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
HABERLAN— In this city, January 14. 190L
Thomas Haberlan, a native of California,
aged 34 years.
IpTRemains at the parlors of the Henry J-
Gallagher Undertaking Company, 10 Fifth
street. , '"•>-¦;:
HARRIS— In this city, January 15. 1901, Wil-
liam II. Harris, a native of Vlrfflnla, aged
73 years'.
HOUGH— In this city. January 15, 1901. Susan
B., wife of James F. Hough, and Bister of
Miss H. M. and Charles w. Sklflmdre, Mrs.
M. L. Marchand and Mrs. B. E. Gardiner.
ipy Funeral to-morrow (Thursday), from her
lata residence. 1219 Filbert street. Thence to
St. Brigld's Church for services at 9 o'clock.
Interment orlvate.
JORDAN-In this dty. January IB. 1901. at
Our Ladles' Home, 33 Rtncon place. Mrs.
Kate Jordan, a native of County Rosoom-
mon, Ireland, aged 66 years. .
. CT Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
. " ' Telephone South 80. ' , . - .
IAloAVOY & CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
1289 Market St.. between Sth and 9th.
Telephone ¦ South 247. ¦ ¦•¦
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
n and 29 Fifth «t. Tel. South 187. V
1UNERAL DIRECTORS AMD; EMBALMERi.
Finest Equipment at . Moderate ' Rates.
PHYSICIAAS A.\D SCRGEOJfS. •.;
IR. G C. ODOnNELl— Office Yn4 residence.
r;m Market «L. between Sixth and Seventh.
PIIOPEUTV WAXTED.
V.'A^'TED— Incoae property for cub; mutt b«
bargain. A. M. SPECK & CO.. «7 Market.
HD.VL ESTATC CITY— FOR. SAVE.
BALDWIN ThoWELU
10 MONTGOM.ERT STREET.
$14.000 — Ror.j J1C2 M per ir.or.Ui; S new flats.
near Jackson and Larkin; must be sold.
$:SO&-Twent>-first Bt., near Castro; cottage. 6
r»c:r.B and bath; lot EOxlll.
llt.OOO— Vallejo et.; modem mariae- view resi-
dence; lot 40x127:*.
$5£00— Howard et; nicely located resident*; t
rooms and bath, etc.
JS10O— Fifteenth St.. near Market: two nice
fiat*; rents $500 per year; lot SExlOO.
$«^0— Chestnut et.. near Powell: two-story
residence and two fiata; rents J41 per
month.
CSS cash— WOO &ort*aff*: can remain; cottage. 4
roomi; rented $10 per month: near Lar-
kln and Jackson «i«.: barealn.
1550ft— Near Wa*hlscton and Larkin sta.; I
substantial fiau in food condition; rents
162 60 per month ; best barcaln offered.
11760— Dolcres et.; nlc« cottar*. threa rooms
and bath pantry, etc.; lot 25x100.
$2750— Price crc'atly reduced; only $500 cash re-
culred; two fiats, on Sanchez it., near
2£th; first-class repair; rent will pay
tha Installments.
$3000— Choice bargain; Ehotwell st.; lot SOx
122:6; house. 6 rooms and bath; large
ftab'.e. dri\eway, etc.
$3500— Fcr cash; new. modern, up-to-date cot-
tage of t> rooms and bath; Frederick St..
nesx A*hbury; eslendld view.
flO.000— CFarrell ft.; only one block from Tay-
lcr; three separate Cats; must be sold
Immediately.
(900— House of 4 rooms; very big bargain; one
block from Hyde and Union at. cars.
1275— Only JCO caeh for a very desirable home
lot; nicely located in the Mission; one
Mock from the electric cars; lots 39x100
each.
Vant cfrrr— Rents $177 60 per month; 8 new,
elegant, higrh -class, up-to-date flats of 7
and 10 rooms and balh each; sightly
elevation, exceptional surroundings; lot
27:£xlS7:«.
tTOOO— Fuiton St.. near I^af-ur.a; two houses of
< rooms, bath and basement each and
S Cats in the rear en the email street;
rer.t $6^ let 27:6x120.
$6C?9— Jeerie et.. near Fifth; S-story frame
building cf etors- below and two floors
above of S rocme; rent 500; lot 25x70.
$S?69— Golden Gate ave. r near Lycn tt. ; 2 flats
cf S rooms and Bath each; rent $<2 60;
25x127 :6.
$5000— Green et. t near Gouith; fine residence of
8 rocins ard oath, laundry, etc.; lot tJ:l
xl!7:6.
•'."":¦ — Hermann St., near FKlmore; two t-etory
bay-w!r.dow houses of 6 rooms and bath
each: rents $40; lot 23x120 to rear street.
fH.500— Bush-st. corner; store below, flat above;
ar.d three 2-story houses; total rents
$105; lot 65xltO.
$17. 00ft— Powell st. ; 4 bay-window flats of 7 and
8 rooms and bath each; rents $12S 60; lot
44x117:6. %
GULDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
Frntstlnjr H »t., ca electric line and Nlneteenth-
ave. boulevard; lots any size; terms $10
rnor.th!y;1rtere«t « per cent: streets macadam-
IxeO. on official rrade: a!*o sae and water
XTTtec; cnly 25 minutes to City Hall; cloee to
ell Park attractions.
Mcnpy advanced to help you build. Call at our
office (ivttk daye, Sundays or holidays), cor-
ner H ft. and Ninth ave., ecuth of Park,
Sunset district.
Horse and Buepy et Tour Dispoesi.
• PKICK.S REASONABLE.
BALDWIN & HOWEL.U 10 Montgomery et.
GOLDEN GATE Park let*, Sunset district,,
with 4-rocm cottage built to eult: $300 cash
i-ayraect; J15 per month pays Interest and In-
stallment. BALDWIN & HOWELU 10
Montgomery *t. ; branch office, corner H et.
and Ninth ave.
EAETON. F.LDRIPGE & CO.,
CIS Market Street.
CHANCE OF A LIFETIME.
GREATEST BARGAIN EVER OFFERED.
f2730-BEAUTIFT"L MODERN FLATS-fCTsO.
ONLY I^CO CASH NEEDED.
Two flats with porcelain tubs, tile man-
te!e, patent cloeets, line Bas fixtures;
cloee to 2 car linee; MISSION.
MISSION "WARM BELT FLATS.
$"!vv>— j f, n# ic'.-hu: : modern flats of S and «
rooir.s and bath; rents $42 60 per month;
BartlPtt St.. near Twenty-first.
PAP.K PANHANDLE FLATS.
*7T,rA_R#r.ts t?06; S elepar.t. modern; porcelain
tubs fresreed dome ceilings, etc.; on
Ashlury ft.
FNAP IN ¦vTESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
j.-voo— : fjb«tant!al. we!l-bu!lt modern flats of
5 rooms and bath: lot 2Sxl37:6; eunny eide
ftreet; make offer.
BAHOMX ?OVTH OF MARKET ST.
$~"0— 4 flats r* I and 3 rooms; good condition;
brick foundation: r»m» 142 50 per mor.th;
near First an3 Howard tta.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
t.^.^n — Make rffer: 3 flats of 6, 4 and 3 rooms;
r*nt* tJ7 U) rer month; Natoma et.
POST-ST. COTTAGE.
fzy*' — 'Well-built cottage of 6 rr^>tr.r and bath;
north »=ide Post rt.; lot 25x137:6.
FULTON-ST. COTTAGE^
f'rr.r^—f-jbstantial. wf!l-built cottage of 6 rooms
and bath- brick foundation; 8-foot baee-
incnt; near Baker Et. ; rents $22 50.
octav:a-st. residence
AT A SACRIFICE.
$iv*>—i2 rooms and bath: near Fell et.
JONES-ST. RESIDENCE.
J=200— REDTTCED FROM $12,000.
On that elegant reeidence block be-
twe?n Clay and Sacramento ets. ; lot 27:6x
120; J rooms and bath..
EASTO.V, ELPniDGE A CO..
€3S MARKET ST.
r.KAL EsTATK BARGAINS.
A. M. 8PECK & CO..
MS MAItKET ST.. OPPOSITE KEARXT.
rni'-l^S WILL .TRELT ADVANCE.
jr.JO— HEDfCED FKOM »2i00.
lour fats; rents ft!O.
J2S00.
Four Sats; rents $4S; .iewn town.
S6000.
Thr<»e choice flats, ntar Post and Taylor Bts. ;
r*>s :o -^r cent; T. f^t front; offer wanted.
$7^0.
F!at^: brar.4 new; ea?t of Van Ness ave.;
wtmxm m.
'¦ -p.nnrcED from ji6,ooo.
Markct-st. cordcr, ft^r» end flat.
$:4.om.
orand 14-rooTn r«-s:4«nce on Jackson st.
f!4.onA_Rr;i>i;CED FItOM S1S.SOO.
I5usine«-s rroj*rt> ; eame tenants for years;
ttcre and rooming revise.
«l«.(y53.
Grand comer. LeaveDworth *t.: Vi feet front;
r rented for $125; mortgag* »9000: can remain
et 6 r*r c^tit.
J75,rTO-REDUCED FROM SH.C^K).
Chcirc crrner lot T5-foot front; within half a
*lr.ck cf Msrket ft. ; with ©1* improvements;
r»r.?s about J4?0; the only corner that can be
bought virinity o? Plrth Ft.
r:.w>-keduced from tso.oon.
Grand investment; 100-foot front on Ellis «.,
¦•¦1th improvements; nicer and better than Pal-
ace Hotel; renis about $S,CO0; terms, half cash.
$12,000.
Rents $110; 1 new flats: choice locality.
125.000.
Ostrct, W feet front; vicinity Cutter St., east
«"' Hyfl*; rrsnd hotel, of flea or rooming-house
»lte; recta I: CT.
$2?,0!».
Futt«>r-rt. corner; F7:exST:6; elecant lmproTt-
rr.rnu; rents I1SD0 per annum.
M*rK«»t St.. near Oall: S pw c»-nt nrt.
A. M. PPECK & CO..
CC Marfcet st., opposite Kesxny.
Corr*rpon<lcnc»' Rolleiteii.
HAVE you * r»ylrt»>nc* or a lot that you want
to foil on liny or th» rtr^ets Iwtwefli VaJen-
r»s, Sarichpz. 14th and Ctth «*.? Then call
en th» ur'leTTigriM nni h» may *ell It tor
you. TT. 3. GUNN. f.3^ California et.
IT v>ti hare property r.orth of th» Park and
ma wish to «"H quickly, then caTl on W. J.
GT'NN. E*0 California st.
jnort i«a.le— An exceptional barrnin In that »1e-
Fant IP-room uj>-to-<i«te re^i^^nc*. 77B Cole
*t. : " n^w; <jf<:oretea: rrprn dally.
c :f mn_oNE lot. J'xl37:6. on Carl street, between
Ftanyen and Willarrt ftreeti; lot Improve*
ani rea<?y to build on: street sewered. Ad-
»<t« S0« Pacific st. ' -_> T .y- ; -
HF.AI, ESTATE— COUVTRY— For Sale
A "FNAP"— Peculiar circumstances causa
owner to »acrlflc« at half actual value. 7ZH
acres <mlg-ht eubdlvlde) very best land and
location In the 'Movely Napa Valley." ad-
Joinirp R. R. sUtlon. near Napa City and
?tcBir.er landing. wlth!n free mail delivery;
all highly cultivated level loam, now In crop;
not an Inch of waste; une<;ualed for fruit,
vines, corn or lovply home; has rented for
J10 pt acre; offered for $80; couldn't buy ad-
'olnlr.r land for lexa than $160.
nEMEMBEH-I am accurately acqualnt»d
with more country property for sale and ex-
change than all other agents In Ban Fran-
r!w>o. 2000 ranch** on tny list. State what's
warted and «ret reliable descriptions of bar-
rsinn.
N. r». PICK ELF, th* Land Agent, 6 Geary st.
CALL en MARION GRTFFlN, 719 Market St.;
chicken ranches, orchard*, general farms and
*tock ranchr*; ceveral hundred all over Etate;
prirtcyl list*. I pay buyer* car fare.
A WEEK'S news for I cents— The Weekly Call.
• cages, la wrapper, for mailing, fl per year.
fully Invited to attend the funeral tp-morrow
(Thursday), from the Chapel of. the Passion,
attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 7:15
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
10:40 o'clock train from Third and Town-
eend streets.
KELLINCf- In this city. January 14, 1901. LJz-
zie Loretta Kelling, beloved wife of - Henry
Kelling, and niece of the late Catherine Mc-
Quade, a native of San Francisco, aged 34
years 1 month and 12 days. (Troy and Al-
bany, N. T., and Victoria papers please
copy.)
. C7"FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 33A Williams street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
hi sh mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul,- commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LUTGEN-In Oakland. January 14, 1901, Her-
man, beloved husband of Mrs. Berthe Lut-
*en, and father of John and George Lutgen,
Mrs. D. F. Thompson and Lizzie Lutgen, a
native of Germany, aged 66 years - and 11
months. ¦ . ¦
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respeot-
fully Invited to attend the funeral servloes
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence, 1421 Thirteenth street. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
McVEIGH— In this city, January 14, 1901. Wil-
liam, dearly beloved son of William and Hose
McVeigh, and dearly beloved brother of
John, James: ' Kllen, Thomas. . Barney and
Mary Ann McVeigh, a native of Ireland,
aged 26 years- 7 months and 24 days.
• ETTTlends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1113 Montgomery . street. I between
Green and Vallejo, thence to St. Francis
Church, where a low mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MACHADO— In Ban Pablo, Cal.. January 14,
1901, Mary, beloved wir« of Manuel J. Ma-
chado. and mother of Hannah. Mary and
Frank Machado, a native of Denmanway,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 81 years 9 months
and 17 -days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the family
residence. San Pablo. Cal., thence to Ban
Pablo Church, where a requiem high rniai
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencinsr at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
MAHOXEY— In this city, January 16, 1901, at
McNutt Hospital. Thomas, beloved son of the
late Ann and Daniel Mahoney, a native of
« California, ayed 40 years.
ttyrhe funeral will ' take place this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clotk, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., SI Eddy street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at S 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MANNIX— In this city, January 13. 1901, Jo-
seph, beloved brother of John and Peter
Mannlx. a native of White Gate. County
Galway, Ireland, aged 33 years and 2 months.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness
avenue.
MARCOUX— In Emeryville, Cal., January 13,
1901, Delphiea, beloved husband of Delia Mar-
coux, and father of Pansy and Alice Mar-
coux, and brother of M. Marcoux, and broth-
er-in-law of Louis Lacallle and Mrs. Broul-
lard and Mrs. Bodett of San Francisco, a
native of Canada, aged 44 years 9 months
and 8 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Wednesday), at 8:S0 o'clock, from his late
residence, Ninth street, between Powell and
Folsom, thence to St. Columba's Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at V)
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
MORGAN— In this city, January 15. 1901. Mary,
beloved wife of John D. Morgan, a native of
Cape Breton, Canada, aged 29 years. (Cana-
da and Boston, Mass., papers please copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thureday). at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street,
between Eichth and Ninth, thence to St.
Peter's Church for servicea. Interment ,Holy
Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNELL— In this city, January 14. 1901,
Annie O'Connell. beloved wife of Michael
¦ OConnell, sister of Mrs. Mary Dunn, and
cousin of Mrs. E. Cusick. a native of New
York, aged 48 years. (New York papers
please copy.)
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness
avenue. • '
O'NEIL— In this city, January 13, 1901, Thomas
O'Neil. a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aH «2 years.
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S:20 o'clock, from his late
residence, 276 Xlnth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Chuich. where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
twy. . *
PERRY— In thrs city. January 14. 1901, Robert
O. Perry, beloved father of Mattle Lee Perry,
and brother of John, Samuel and Henry
Perry., a native; of Pennsylvania, . aged^,£4
years.
|E3'FVif>nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
' parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Funeral under the auspices of Liberty Post
No. 133, G. A. R. Interment National Ceme-
tery.
PLANZ— In this city. January 13, 1901, Kaspar
Planz, beloved fattier of Mrs. A. Llll and
Henry A., Leonard, William and Ll/zle
Planz, a native of Hesse-Darmstadt, Ger-
many, aged 58 years 3 months and 11 days.
A member of Cabinet Makers' Union No. 15.
(New York papers please copy.)
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to -attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth.* Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
RET— In this city, January 14. 1901, suddenly.
Jane Ann, beloved wife of the late J. J.
Bey; sister of Joseph Britton, and mother
of Mrs. Sander, Mrs. Sprout* and Sylvia, and
V. G. A. Rey, a native of Yorkshire, Eng-
land, aged 71 years and 11 days.
(C7"Friends are invited to attend the funeral
services this day (Wednesday), at 1:30
o'clock, at her late residence, 829 Union
street, corner Taylor. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
BCANLON— In this city, January 14, 1901.
Kitty E. Scanlon. only and beloved daughter
of Mrs. J. F. Stone, sister of William H. and
Joseph B. Scanlon and Frank Stone, and
niece of Mrs. M. O'Brien of Pinole, a native
of San Francisco, aged 25 years and 24 days.
(C7"The members of the Ladles' Sodality of
Bt. Isnatius Church and friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at
9:13 o'clock, from her late residence, 623
Third street, thence to St. Ignatius Church.
Hayes street, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHLESSELMANN— In this city, January 14.
l'JOl, John H., beloved husband of Caroline
M. Schlesselmanp. and father of Mrs. A.
Heeth. Mr*. J. Bender and Emma, Alma.
Adolph, Hermann. Johnnie and Walter
Schlesselmann, a' native ot Jork, Hanover,
Germany, aged 66 years 7 months and 11
' days. A member of the San • Francisco
Schuetzen Verein; Concordla Lodge No. 122.
I O O F. : the Veteran Odd Fellows, and
Hercules Lodge No. 53. A. O. U. W. -
ZJT Friends end acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resl-
¦ dence. S47 Halght street, thence to Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, corner Seventh and Market
streets, where services will b« held under the
auspices of Concordia Lod«« No. 122, I. O.
0. F., commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SEHABIAGUE— In this city, January 13. 1901,
Marie, beloved wife of Thomas Sehabltgue,
mother of Honore Sehablague. sister of Mrs.
Arnaud Sehabiague and sister-in-law of Ar-
naud Sehablaonje. Mr. and Mrs. Jean Ray'.
Mr. and Mrs. Michel Sehabiague and Mr. and
Mrs. A. Palllet, a native of France, axed ?4
yetrs 11 months and 6 days.
JCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence. 842 Greenwich street, between Ma-
son and Taylor.
SMITH— In this city. January 14, 1901, Bridget,
beloved wife of Owen Smith, and dearly be-
loved mother of Mary A., John C. and James
J Smith, a native of County Cavan, Ire-
land aired 70 years 5 months and 20 days.
(New York and Connecticut papers please
cory . )
|T7"Frlend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
§ (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her lat« resi-
dence 4139 Twenty-fifth street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass .will be celebrated for the repose of her
fouI commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
SMITHTJRST-In this city, January 14, 1901.
Albert, beloved son of Albert and Clara
Smithurst. a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year and 8 months.
B^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from th« parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street.' near Post. • Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
SOLOMON— In this city, January 15, 1901,
BTxapman. b'eloved husband of Seraphlne Solo-
non, aid father of C. N. R-.A. A. and F.
5 Solomon and Mrs. Mark Well, a native
>f'New Orleans, aged 65 years 6 months and
i.days. (New Orleans and Houston. Texas,
japers please copy.)
l£y Friends .and acquaintances are respect -
¦uUy invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late
; e3ldence, 4050 Twenty-fourth street, near Cas-
ro " Interment Cypress Lawn Cemttery, by
il-40 o'clock train from Twenty-fifth and Va-
lencia streets depot. - •
STROETGEN— In this , city, January 13, 1J0L
Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Theresa
Stroetgen and father of Sophie. Emma and
Bertha Stroetsen. ¦ a. native of Germany, aged
40 years and 1 -day. A member of San Fran-
cisco Schuetzen Verein; West End Lodge No.
1107.' KrilKhts and ' Ladles : of Honor; Court
Hayes Valley No. 59, Foresters of America;
. Mission Turn - Verein . and St. Paulus - Unter-
' stutzungs Verein. •", » •
(CTTriends • and acquaintance* are respect-
fully in^ted, to attend the funeral this day
' (Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,'The annual meeting of the stockholders
and trustees of the Pacific Bank took place
yesterday. The most Important news to
be submitted referred to the success of
the bank over Captain McDonald. Judge
Sawyer headed a ticket for directors for
the ensuing term and he was elected, his
associates being R. P. Clement, Daniel
G. Dexter, Thomas James Stanton, George
Childs. Theodore H. Hatch. J. Howard
Bernard and Charles T. Lott. With the
exception of Messrs. Sawyer, Coggswell
and Lott, this is a new board. Judge
Sawyer was elected president and attor
ney and R. P. Clement secretary. Daniel
Meyer's bank was again made the depos
itory of the bank. The monthly expenses
were pared down to $135. The attorney
will receive $100 per month Instead of $150
and the secretary will have a salary of
$25 per month.
Only one thing stands In the way of
declaring another dividend to the depos
itors of the Pacific Bank. The bank has
$75,000 In cash on hand. Judge E. D. Saw
yer, who Is at once attorney and presi
dent, said yesterday that there is a case
pending which Involves $45,000. Dr. Mc-
Donald has Judgment against the bank
for that amount, but the Supreme Court
of the State has Just reversed a judgment
in favor of Captain "Jim" McDonald for
$72,900 in a case where the issue was the
same as the one In Dr. McDonald's suit.
Consequently Judge Sawyer thinks that
there is little doubt that the $45,000 will
remain for the payment of a dividend, In
addition to Captain "Jim" McDonald's
money.
Depositors Hope to Realize
by Decision of Supreme
Court.
ANENT PACIFIC
BANK FUNDS
MATTHEW .J. FALLON, who was
for many years associated in
the saloon business with Chris
Buckley, the former boss of
the local Democracy, was
stricken with apoplexy yesterday and died
a few hours later in his home at 407 Powell
street. He had been under the treatment
of a physician for nasal hemorrhages, but
THE LATE MATTHEW J. FAL
LON. FORMERLY ASSOCI
ATED WITH C. A.' BUCKLEY.
Customs Collector Stratton made sev
eral appointments yesterday. Wendell
Easton was" appointed autloneer for Gov
ernment sales. The resignation of Robert
A. Miller as assistant weigher was ac
cepted and F. L. Kiddey, a veteran of the
Civil War, was appointed In his place.
Mr. Miller had accepted a position at the
City Hall under the municipal civil serv
ice. Arthur L. Norton and Charles B.
Sexton have been promoted from clerk
ships paying $1000 per annum to positions
paying $1200 per annum. Frederick Mc-
Allister was appointed stenographer in
the Chinese Bureau at a salary of $3 per
diem.
Custom-House Appointments.
If the charity ball which will be given
under the auspices of the patronesses of
the Mount Zlon Hospital for the benefit
of that institution accords in success with
the magnitude of the preparations now
going forward- it will be a memorable so
cial event. The ball will take place on
February 2 In the maple and marble rooms
of the Palace Hotel. Tickets may be ob
tained from the following named patron
esses; Mrs. J. B. Levison, Mra. S. Relss,
Mrs. Llppman, Mrs. J. Naphtaly, Mrs. J.
Hyman, Mrs. T. Feuchtwanger, Mrs. L.
Tregel, Mrs. L. Kauffman, Mrs. M. ' S.
Levy, Mrs. Fred Castle. Mrs. I. W. Hell
man, Mrs. J. Rosenstirn, Mrs. William
Greenebaum, Mrs. William Frank, Mrs.
William Haas, Mrs. I. W. Hellman • Jr.,
Mrs. J. Neustadter. Mrs. William Gerstle,
Mrs. Morris Brown, Mrs. A. Brown, Mrs.
H. Heyneman, Mrs. Theodore Llllenthal
and Mrs. P. N. Aronson.
Mount Zion Charity Ball.
Edward Milan, the young man who was
arrested for battery upon Miss Loretta
"Ward, 1109 Van Ness avenue, because she
refused to marry him. appeared before
Judge Cabanlss yesterday./ He pleaded
guilty and said the Judge 'could put him
in Jail for life if he liked, only he did not
want Miss Ward to testify against him.
Miss Ward told the Judge that all she de
sired was that Milan should be bound
over to keep the peace, and she was In
clined to believe that he would. Milan
then changed his plea to not guilty and
the Judge continued his case for thirty
days to see how he would behave himself.
the Young Woman to Testify
Against Him.
Too Strenuous Suitor Does Not Want
MILAN PLEAJDS FOB
A T/I fc'H SENrrENCE
This fact the younjr lady confided to
Mr. Cookley, who, to nave a climb to the
fourth floor, was moet willing to essay
the role of elevator boy. Cautioning hia
lady friend to wait until he had lighted
up the caare he opened the door and
stepped Into— space. The elevator, instead
of occupying its customary position, was
at the floor above and Mr. Cookley fell a
distance of about ten feet.
The young lady's screams brought the
lodgers to the scene, and after consider
able difficulty Cookley was helped out of
the hole. While not severely bruised the
gallant young man Is compelled to limp
to and from his office at 433 California
street, giving to friends who Inquire as
to the cause of his lameness that he
slipped and fell on the cobblestones.
Frank A. Cookley, a young man promi
nent in San Francisco's social set and re-
Biding at the California Hotel. Is now a
firm believer In the old adase, "Look be
fore you leaD." and "Pride goeth before
a fall." His conversion to belief in the
sayings of wise men occurred at the Hotel
Baltimore and was due to his desire to
show a prominent young lady what he
knew about elevators. His theory was
correct, but he was lacking In practice,
Cookley and the young lady had been
out visiting and returned to the Baltimore
where she resides, about midnight. The
«ievator boy in the hotel Is dismissed De
fore that hour; but :or the convenience
of the guests who keep late hours the
doors to the elevator ar© left unlocked.
The late arrivals have been in the habit
of opening the cage and running the lift
themselves.
Volunteers His Services to
Save a Young Lady a
Long Climb.
COOKLEY FAILS
AS ELEVATOR BOY
Two Insolvents.
Petitions in Insolvency were filed in the
United States District Court yesterday, as
follows: • Jime J. Ferrelra, farmer. Pleas
ahton. liabilities $3141 29,; assets U200; Pat
rick McKenna. farmer, Altamont, liabili
ties $2359 88. assets $330. ; . . . '
The Lillas will be addressed to-morrow
evening at 426 Post street by t the; Rev.
"William Rader In . relation to ' the laws
that should be enacted ' by the* present
Legislature for the advancement - of ; wo
men. There will be a musical and literary
programme. Including a tenor solo by Ar
thur Lowe. The public is cordially In
vited. Admission free.
Laws for Woman's Benefit.
Mrs. ' Mary Ertckson was ,, arrested in
Hale 'Bros.' store yesterday,- afternoon
by Special Officer Green and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of petty lar
ceny. - She had stolen a few small articles,
which she put in a. valise she had with
her. MBIElBaJllMHftMfaMI^^
Charged With Shoplifting.
John R. Mott, secretary of the World's
Students' Federation of the Y. M. C. A.,
who is now on a visit to this coast In the
interest of the students of that order, was
banqueted last evening by the Y. M. C. A.
of this city. Secretary Mott has recently
returned from a trip- around the world,
¦which was made for the purpose of ex
tending the Interests of the association,
especially In India and the Orient. %
Banquets John R. Mott.
Captain Dunleavy of the ¦¦- harbor police
has no less than seven of his men on the
sick list. Six of them have the grip and
one is so bad that he had to be removed
to St.. .Mary's -Hospital yesterday. . . The
sick men. are Sergeant Shaw, .Corporal
Cockerill and Officers Dower, . Mullereder,
Maccomac, S Marston . and : Castor. • Mac
comae * is the one most seriously ., affected.
It .was I he I that -was -removed : to ; the- hos
pital.-.. A- .-¦--..-¦- < -.v, v . _
Grip Afflicts Policemen.
It was, a quiet wedding and only rela
tives and Immediate friends witnessed the
Impressive ceremony. Neither bride nor
groom had any attendants. In the hotel
parlor, where the ceremony was per
formed, exotics and delicate ferns were
used with most artistic effect. *
The bride was attired in a dainty gown
of pale gray crepe, trimmed with old lace
and spangled passementerie. VA gray hat
with plumes and a gorgeous bouquet of
UlUes of the valley and maidenhair fern
completed the beautiful costume.
Mrs. . Samuel Shortridge, sister of the
bride, .wore an elegant green cloth tailor
gown and a dainty hat of white and gold.
After the wedding, breakfast, which fol
lowed the ceremony, Mr. and Mrs..Roble
dp left for Del Monte, where . they will
spend their/ honeymoon.
Yesterday at noon In the parlors of the
Colonial. Hotel, Miss Charlotte Gash
wiler and Senor Jose Miguel Robledo
were married, Vicar General J. J. Pren
dergast officiating. ,
Miss Charlotte Gashwiler
and Senor Robledo Are
Made One.
THEIR MARRIAGE
IS A QUIET ONE
Dr. .Cole was also local secretary for
California of the Anthropological Society
of Great Britain and Ireland since 1864
and member of the Academy of Sciences
of California. He was a member of the
Board of Supervisors of San Francisco
18C8-1870, and was chairman of its Hos
pital Committee for several years, having
charge of all the eleemosynary institu
tions. He was surgeon general of the
vigilance committee In 1856, surgeon gen
eral of California 1S6S-1S72 and surgeon
general on the staff of the major general
of the State 1S74-1S76.
Dr. Cole was in charge of the Pine-
Etreet cholera hospital, Philadelphia In
1849; had charge of the epidemic of small
pox In San Francisco. 1868-69, there being
no Board of Health; was the first, in 1856
to ligate the common carotid and femorai
arteries; . was the first on the Pacific
Coast to perform ovariotomy; performed
three Caesarian sections, one symphysiot
omy and all other gynecological .opera
tions. In 1S58 he Introduced the practice
of applying a crystal of alum In uterine
hemorrhage, and also used Fowler's solu
tion In similar cases, and has made many
other therapeutic suggestions.
The late Coroher took great interest In
Masonic affairs and was a consistent and
devoted member of that ancient and hon
orable order. He was past commander of
California Commandery, Knights Tem
plar, and was a Knight Kadosh of the
Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite of
Freemasonry.
The funeral will take place to-morrow
at 2 o clock from Masonic Temple. The
pallbearers will be selected from among
city officials, the medical faculty and the
Masonic fraternity. The body will be
fiHES?. J.° Cv P res s Lawn Cemetery, where
It will be cremated.
Dr. Cole practiced medicine In Philadel
phia from 1S49 until 1852, when he came to
California. In 1S70 he was appointed con
sulting surgeon to the State Woman's
Hospital of California, which position he
retained until 1SS0. He became gynecolo
gist to the City and County Hospital in
1S78, professor of obstetrics and gynecol
ogy in the University of the Pacific in
1858 and continued such until 1864. He oc
cupied the same chair in the University
of California since 1870. and in 1876 became
president of the faculty.
He was a fellow of the British Gyne
cological Society, the Obstetrical Society
of London and the American Medical As
sociation, being first vice president of the
last named association In 1873 and presi
dent In 1895 and 1S96. He was president of
the Medical Society of the State of Cali
fornia in 1SS4, a member of the Gyne
cological Society of San Francisco, presi
dent one term of the San Francisco Medi
cal Society, president in 1856 of the Med
lco-Chlrurgical Society of San Francisco,
president for one term of the State Board
of Medical Examiners, honorary fellow of
the Boston Gynecological Society a mem
ber, of the San Francisco Polyclinlc and of
several- district societies and for fourteen
years a member of the State Board of
Health of California.
Richard Beverly Cole was born August
12. 1S29. at Manchester. Va.. and he al
ways expressed pride in his native State.
He graduated from the Delaware Col
legiate Institute at Newark, Del., and be
gan to read medicine in Lexington^ Ky.,
In 1S45. under Professor Benjamin Dudley
of Kentucky, and afterward under Charles
D. Meggs, Thomas D. Mutter and Joseph
Pancoast of Philadelphia. He attended
four courses of lectures at the medical
department of Transylvania University,
Lexington School of Medicine at Louis
ville, Ky., an! Jefferson Medical College
at Philadelphia. He also attended lectures
at the University of France and at the
noted schools and hospitals of Germany,
Great Britain and France, and received
the diploma of the Royal College of Sur
geons, England, ln # 1864.
No man in tho State of California was
better or more widely known than the late
Coroner. He stood high in his profession
and had much more than a local reputa
tion as a gynecologist; in fact, he was an
acknowledged authority on obstetrics ahd
diseases of women. As a bon vlvant and
raconteur he was the life of the club
meetings and medical societies with which
he was connected. Of high character for
lntej^rity and devotion to duty, he com
manded the respect and admiration of all
who knew him, and notwithstanding his
necessarily busy and worldly life he was
a man of deep religious feeling.
He said to a friend a few weeks ago
that it had been his practice since his
early childhood to kneel at his bedside
and pray every night before retiring. A
few months ago, on the occasion of his
retiring from the chair of obstetrics and
grynecology in the medical department of
the University of California, he was pre
sented by the claBs and faculty with a
series of complimentary resolutions en
graved upon a solid silver plate. This gift
he esteemed more highly than any of his
other possessions.
Dr. Cole held several Inquests lasl Fri
day which occupied the greater part of
the day. and he appeared to be very
much fatigued and complained of pains
about the heart. He remarked to Deputy
Coroner McCormick at that time that he
would never return to the office, but as
he had made similar remarks on former
occasions no importance was attached to
his words.
It was found that one side of his face had
become partially paralyzed. This caused
an impediment in his speech which wor
ried him considerably. Since that time he
had never been a well man and often suf
fered from pains in the region of his
heart.
DR. RICHARD BEVERLY COLE,
Coroner of the city and county of
San Francisco, died suddenly at
4 o'clock yesterday morning from
an apoplectic stroke following a
gradual breaking down of his system. Dr.
Charles von Hoffman, his attending phy-
Flc'.an. Dr. James F. McCone and Mrs.
McCltmg, deceased's daughter, were at the
bedside when the end came. Mrs. Cole
and another daughter were on the family
ranch at Callstoga.. as it was not thought
that his last IJlness was of a serious na
ture.
About two years ago Dr. Cole was pros
trated by a stroke of apoplexy, and when
ne recovered from Its Immediate effects
DR. RICHARD BEVERLY COLE, LATE CORONER OF THIS CITY AND
COtTXTT. WHO DIED SUDDENLY YESTERDAY MORNING AT HIS
HOME FROM A STROKE OF APOPLEXY.
The Commissioners received a communi
cation from the Widows' and Orphans'
Aid Association thanking . them for the
donations made by the board during the
last year, which amounted to $231 50.
Milton S. Latham, secretary of the San
Francisco Jockey Club, on the recom
mendation of Chief Sullivan was appoint
ed a 8i>ecial officer. 'j-h'J.i*
Officer Blrdsall, who was accused by a
citizen of Infringing upon his rights, was
acquitted -of the charee.
Final action was taken last eveninsr by
the Police Commissioners at their meet
ing in regard to the proposed change In
the hours x>t policemen's watches. By a
unanimous* vote of the board It was de
cided that the eight-hour watch, with an
unbroken rest, would enable the patrol
men to better perform their duties. Chief
Sullivan was Instructed to forward to the
Board of Supervisors a memorial asking
that the force be increased by 176 men in
order that the new plan may be carried
out. With the number of officers now on
duty any plan other than that now in use
would not be practicable.
Numerous applications for , liquor
licenses were received, th» majority of
which were .granted. Several saloon
keepers were granted renewals, but only
on condition that they make a change in
their methods of conducting their places
of business.
Police Commissioners Will
; Petition Supervisors
for More Men.
HOURS OF DUTY
MAY BE CHANGED
The police ridicule the statements made
by the attorney and still hold that Glaze
shot down his partner deliberately and
that. the account of the shooting given by
the bellboy, O'Connor, Is true in every re
spect, being substantiated by the location
of the wounds on the dead man's body.
Photographs and diagrams of the Wind
sor Hotel kitchen were made yesterday by
Detective McMahon for use at the trial of
Glaze.
Attorney Brown declined to say what
reason Trewhella had for making threats
against Glaze.
Attorney Brown stated yesterday that
at the trial he would produce witnesses to
show that Trewhella had often threatened
the life of Glaze. He asserts that these
threats were made many times and that
on Monday morning the threats were re
peated. Fearing for his life. Glaze, when
he went downtown, took his revolver to
a store on Market street and*had It re
paired, at the same time purchasing
cartridges for It.
O'Connor, the bellboy, who witnessed
the shooting, yesterday made a detailed
statement to Captain Seymour of the oc
currence by which Trewhella met a vio
lent death.
Mrs. Trewhella, the wife of the murdered
man, arrived from Auburn last evening.
She was met at the depot by her son,
Robert Kendall. The meeting of mother
and son 'was an affecting one and the un
fortunate woman was prostrated with
grief. Her son escorted her to the Wind
sor Hotel, where she was placed In bed.
No one was allowed to see her and it was
learned that she was In a. state of physi
cal and mental collapse. Captain of De
tectives Seymour was expecting Mrs.
Trewhella at his office, but Detective Cody
telephoned in that it was impossible for
her to make the trip down.
Yesterday morning Glaze was taken into
the court of Police Judge Conlan. where
his case was called. Judge Conlan in
structed Glaze as to his rights and Assist
ant District Attorney Weller asked that
the case go over for a 'week. Attorney
Brown objected, but quickly consented
when the prosecuting officer announced
that he would go on with the case. Glaze
was remanded Into custody until next
Tuesday.
Dr. Leland yesterday performed an au
topsy on the body of Trewhella. It dis
closed that one bullet had entered the
left shoulder, four inches below the apex,
passing forward and downward to the
right, around the chest wall and lodging
in the cavity. A second bullet entered
four inches below the point of the left
shoulder blade, passing forward and to
the right and lodging in the deep muscles
of the neck. A third entered at the base
of the spine and lodged in the bony struc
ture of the backbone. Two bullets en
tered the front of Trewhella's body Jn a
radius of one and a quarter inches. One
bullet entered three-quarters of an inch to
the right of the median line and two and
a quarter inches below the nipple. It
passed directly downward to the back and
to the right, lodging in the muscles of
the small of the back. The other bullet
entered half an Inch to the left of the
median line and two and five-eighths
Inches below the nipple, passing down
ward and to the left, fracturing the
eleventh rib. The wounds caused by tho
two last mentioned bullets were powder
marked. The cause of death •was given
by Dr. Leland as shock and hemorrhage,
due to gunshot wounds. Trewhella's
body was removed last evening from the
Morgue to an undertaking parlor on Mis
sion street.
Attorneys and Brown have
secured the services of W. W. Foote and
the latter gentleman had a long consulta
tion with his client in the prison at the
Hall of Justice. Mrs. Glaze also called
upon her husband, but she positively re
fui-ed to discuss the case.
"I will not talk about his statement,"
said Glaze as he nervously chewed a
toothpick; "my attorney may have some
thing to say. however, for me. When
the time comes I will talk and produce my
witnesses to show that I acted in self
defense."
While Glaze and his attorneys claim
that this admission will show that the
accused man feared violence at the hajids
of Trewhella, the police assert that the
admission made by Glaze shows premedi
tation to use the pistol in the manner
which ended in Trewhella's death.
A night in prison had a visible effect on
Glaze and when he was seen yesterday by
a reporter of The Call, he trembled like a
leaf when questioned as to the statement
made by O'Connor, the bellboy, who was
an eye-witness to the shooting.
Robert E. Glaze, who killed his part
ner, William Trewhella, at the Windsor
Hotel on Monday afternoon, yesterday ad
mitted, through his attorney, I. I. Brown,
that on the morning of the tragedy he had
his revolver repaired and purchased a
number of cartridges for the weapon.
Widow of the Man Who Was Killed
Arrives From Auburn and
Now Lies in a State
Collapse.
Acknowledges He Bought
Cartridges and Gleaned
His Pistol.
GLAZE APPEARS
IN POLICE COURT
Eventful Career of an Acknowledged Author
ity Among Medical Men on Gynecology.
APOPLEXY ENDS THE LIFE
OF CORONER R. B. COLE
SUDDEN DEATH OF FORMER
WELL KNOWN POLITICIAN
Matthew J. Fallon Is Stricken With Mortal
Illness in Courtroom.
his condition was not considered serious.
His death came as a sad surprise to his
wife and many friends. He was first af
flicted with nasal hemorrhages a week
ago, but at no time was he so ill that ha
was unable to attend to his duties as bal
lot stringer in the Daingerfleld-Graham
recount. .When he awoke yesterday morn
ing he complained of feeling weak. The
weakness he attributed to the hemor
rhages. After' breakfast he proceeded to*
Judge • Murasky's courtroom, where the
recount is being held. He had been there
but a few minutes when he fell to the
floor, unconscious. . . .
He was at once removed by friends to
the Receiving Hospital, where he soon re
gained consciousness. At his request his
wife was summoned and she had him re
moved to their home. The family physi
cian was called in and he gave it as his
opinion that there was no danger. Fallon
suffered a second stroke shortly after 3
o'clock, and ten minutes later he died.
Fallon was born in Brooklyn, N. T.,
November 17, 1S33, and came to this city
in 1S57 with his brother, James Fallon.
who was subsequently lost on the steamer
Waehoe when it was burned. After try
ing his hand at various occupations Fallon
became acquainted with Thomas Ma
guire, and for years was employed around
the old Maguire Opera-house. At that
time he was counted as the best dressed
and handsomest man in San Francisco.
Tiring of the theatrical business he went
to Virginia City a few years later, but he
did not remain there long.
On his return here he engaged in the
liquor business, and later on, when Buck
ley was coming to the front as a political
leader, opened a saloon with him on Bush
street, between Montgomery and Kearny.
streets. Buckley made his headquarters
in the saloon, and when he secured con
trol of the reins of the local Democracy
the partnership thrived. With the decline
of Buckley's power as a boss came the
decline of the saloon, and it soon became
a source of loss instead of profit.
After retiring from the saloon business
Fallon secured employment as a deputy
in the new City Hall. The last steady
political position held by him was that of
deputy during the administration of Sher-
L ff Whelan. The only blood relation he
had living is Mrs. James D. Leary. the
wire of a rich and influential contractor
of Isew York City.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1901.
The expectation of winning against Dr.
McDonald in the Supreme Court depends
on the failure of the Pacific Bank direc
tors, ¦when the bank was incorporated un
der the act of 1862, to provide that a
stockholder in liquidation might recover
money deposited by him in the bank on
even terms with other depositors who
were not stockholders. Captain McDon
ald was a depositor and stockholder. Dr.
McDonald is in the same position. Cap
tain McDonald has failed to recover by
the decision of the Supreme Court. Alto
gether Captain McDonald has lost some
thing like $120,000 by judgment against
him in the Pacific Bank litigation. Just
when the Dr. McDonald case will be
reached on appeal in the Supreme Court
is uncertain. The dividend that is based
on the expectancy will be one of 5 per
cent.
12
Incandescent light wiring a specialty. Elec-
trical Engineering Co., 609-BU Howard St. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'Phone Howard 1021.
119 TAYLOR STREET.
BUTTER
Point Reyes or Humboldt Cream- Qf)n
ery: usual size. Received direct. /Mb
Limit 5. Per square
BEST EGGS-WAY DOWN.
Cl nilD Btockton M1Us - 77n
rLUUn^p? r u ? d i/C
¦L*:ir.!t Z
CASH PRICES-CASH QUALITY.
ninny Best Eastern. Finest | h l ft
FREE— ACME HEALTH KOFFY.
ftlTO Rolled. Coupon of value in Ti -
UAId«ach. Mother's brand. 10c I'R
wrl " ** regular. 2-pound package " 2 W
SPECIAL LIST AT STORE.
WASHING POWDERS 20c
Best, cheapest. 25c regular.
POLITE CLERKS— PROMPT SERVICE.
BAKING POWDER g£ y ;..25c
Cream tartar and bicarbonate soda only.
Once tried always used. . Why pay nearly
double? /
ICO IMITATION GOODS.
WHISKEY^^^SI.40
ORDERS CALLED FOR.
tl/ltirPFort or Sherry; large bot-ftr.
5 for $1.00; 10 limit... :.> UU
VISIT- FABER'S-IT PAYS.
Order by Postal or Phone — Four Deliveries
Daily.. '
Preparatory toVaoating Store.
BY ORDER OF M. B. MIHRAN,
I Will Sell at Peremptory
AUCTION
The L*rre «nd Most Beautiful Stock ot
Art Goods and Antique Furniture,
SOWXV HIS STORE,
SW. Cor. Geary and Stockton.
'sale commences
THURSDAY, JANUARY 17,
At 11 a. m. anfl 2 p. m.. &cd dally until Jan. 2«.'
Tfc« etock is superfine and not brought from
the But for an Auction Sale, but collected By
Mr. Mlhran personally, who haa been in the
buftnese in this city for 12 years. Rather than
warehouse the jroods, he has put them In my
bands for absolute sale.
A. XV. LOL'DERBACK. Auctioneer.
1^;^ • EXTKACTtOn
/vSpjSsS^^S^SSb S O cts.
ffiZ^^f^rr^&'Pwr Our 55.00 Plates
Etyp^yffipjjjfjgyjy fit like a glove.
*"-** 815% GEARY STREET
Between Hyde and TarkiTi.
Telephone Polk 1125.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Care of Gonorrhoea, Gle*ts,
6trictnre« end analogous complaint*
of ths Organs of Generation.
JTic* II m. bottle. For sale by drueclei*.
FIVE SPECIMEN VALUES.
7 Cases FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, full
size and extra weight,
Reduced to $4.00 Pair.
9 Cases PRINTED SNOWFLAKE COMFORTERS, extra
size and. verg handsome designs.
Reduced to $1.25 Each.
225 Pairs NEW TAPESTRY PORTIERES, With heaYB
• fringes, full length and width.
Reduced to $2.75 Pair.
300 Pairs WHITE AND ECRU LACE CURTAINS, In Fish- •
net, Saxonn and Madras Net.
Reduced to $2.00 Pair.
45 EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS, full Sizes, With hand-
some French' Printed Sateen Covering.
Reduced to $4.50 Each. •
HOUSEKEEPERS SHOULD SEE THESE GOODS
WITHOUT DELAY.
As we find we are largely overstocked In the
above Four Departments, we will, commencing
MONDAY, JanuariTMtli, and continuing for
two weeks, offer large guantities of above goods
at SPECIAL LOW PRICES.
BLANKETS,
I iIMpiiRTkRa
uuivirun I Liiuj
ADVERTISEMENTS.
9
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET,
THE MONEY-SAVING
FURNITURE and GARPET
HOUSE.
6u r"ne wstores.
It will pay you to visit us and see oar new
stock of good roods. Win be pleased to ihow
you around. The latest designs, lowast prlc*m
and best of all 10 per cent off for cash. Prices
marked In plain figures. Special bargains la
every department.
Office furniture a specialty. Household goods
of every description.
Commence the New Year by buytnc from as
and save money.
CASH OR CREDIT.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1015-1017 Market Street,
Tel. South STL Opp. Taylor it.
Si HksS k PlII fSTa^lij
W a 1 1 lea ff^agdl is*! aJiJ
S3 « I all tM _S3 JHE8HI
6 ST. GERMAIN BILLIARD COMPANY,
|| Formerly JACOB STRAH1E A CO..
|! Established 18SX
j 409 XARKST STREET, SAIf TKA5CX3C0.
I Manufacturers of
Standard Billiard and Pool Tables.
Laser and Steam Beer Pumpa,
Billiard Tables on Installments or '
Rented.
DR.MCNULTY.
fTHIS WEIX-KSOWX ASD BKUABLK OLD
-I 8pecUM.it cures Blood Poison. csonorrno>a.GIe«W
Stricture, Spmlnul Weakness. Ia> potenee and tbeir
allied Disorders. Boole on Diseases of Men, f re*,
O YerMTearsVxpertence.Termi reasonable. Honre,
9to3daUy;6:30u>8.30evy*. Rund»y«,10to 12. Consul-
tatlon freeand sacredly confidential. Can or address
P. 31O8COB afcXUI/TY.M.D.
20 >£ Kearny St., San Francisco* Cal.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARN'Y AND "WASHINGTON STS.— R».
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Booms. W>°t° *} » day;
to to 13 week; $3 to $10 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fir*- itrutea la every
room: elevator runs all night.
1A/. T. HES9,
ICOTABY PU3LI3 AS3 ATT0aSiSr-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckala Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
. Residence.- 321 California st.. below FowtU.
San Francisco.
6i6atJ\tic
GONTINUED_SUGGESS !
JJillll RAINY-DAY SKIRTS. I
J 7 - 50 PLAID BACK CLOTH SKIRTS, now
J|P|||flf $12.50* SKIRTS, with yoke, belt and buckle. j
W0{0k • houseIFkirts. .
*" ; '*'.'• pCkM^Ma all-wool black cheviot cloths.
linsd; were $5.00 ; f3.0O j
Wll'- W&Zii^'tfv ALL-WOOL PEBBLE CHEVIOT CLOTHS.
l^V^Xyi^' '' ?\ I lined; were $8.50 $5.00
IviWiVr*^ \ ELEGANT ALL-WOOL PEBBLE CHEVIOTS,
lf%aj^^$'-?Y\. lined, silk trimmed: were $13.50: now
¦<^^»1 SILK AND CLOTH WAISTS' ¦
(^W&^/fe$§K THIS SEASON'S TAFFETA SILK WAISTS.
''SfflivfoK-' 1Ined - aI1 colors : w "e J3.00 to 17.50; now...
reHlka a% f- ytMZm%jm*0%M ALL OUR $1.BO. S2.50. »3.00 quality ALL-WOOL
m^MXfflmM%Zm&*- CLOTH WAISTS, all colors, now \
91.00, $1.75 and f2.25
AUTO BOX JACKETS. TAILOR - MADE DRESSES.
$18.00 KERSEY CLOTH BOX JACK- THIS SEASON'S STYLES, silk-lined
¦ V ETS, satin lined, now...... .?12.50 Jackets, new flare skirts: were
¦•".¦. -..-:. . . • $15.00: now 910.00. '
J22.50 KERSEY CLOTH AUTO JACK- FINE LADIES' CLOTH BLOUSE
ETS. satin lined, now $15.00 DRESSES, blacks and ' all colors; J
'¦'-¦¦¦ , - ' •.-... were $18.00; now. ;..:. ...'..... fttZ^iO
$25.00 LONG AUTO COATS, satin lined, VELVET TRIMMED DKESSES, new-
U;K- : ; now ..flS.OO est styles $22.50; were $30.00 f
• COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY FILLED. I
¦¦KBlly"t-Uetos's-£2i%!.