THE LATE PHILIP D. ARMOUR OF CHICAGO. \wH0SE START
TOWARD WEALTH AND INDUSTRIAL DISTINCTION WAS MADE
IN THE "DAYS OF GOLD' IN CALIFORNIA.
CORNELIUS W. PENDLETON OF LOS ANGELES. WHO WILL BE THE
SPEAKER OF. THE , ASSEMBLY IN THE*. LEGISLATIVE . SESSION
BEGINNING .TO-DAY AT SACRAMENTO. " ';
Officials Take. It* for. Granted That - a
Renewal of the Modus Vivendi
Will Be" Adopted.
ST. » JOHNS, N. : F. , V Jan. 6.— The New
foundland . government . has ; not ' been in
formed of any progress toward' the settle
ment of the French! shore controversy by
the French and British- governments.' Of
ficials here take It for ; granted that '.'pour
pourlersV have been opened by the French
;for. a : renewal of .the modus vlvendi, but
¦the ' British Government .: cannot agree '¦• to
i such a proposal without ; the sanction of
Newfoundland. /All classes In the colony
are opposed to such' an arrangement, and
the action ' of . the colony, 'will depend. upon
the - concessions > which the imperial' au
thorities suggest V i
4f ' ¦'¦>"¦' " ¦ \i '' '¦':,--' :
NO PROGRESS REPORTED
IN FBENCH SHORE MATTEB
While" the fight* for.' the Speakershlp has
engaged the "moat attention to-day the
Governor and the Senate have received a
modicum^of ; consideration. . " The Gover
nor's message has . been finished and will
be a striking document, - if for no other
reason than its length, which la extreme.
•Sacramento presents to-night the scenes
which usually mark the eve of a legisla
tive session. The hotel lobbies are crowd
ed: the streets have their groups; legis
lators, lobbyists, promoters, schemers,
camp followers are on the ground. "Wires
are being laid." bottles are being opened
and the "third 'house" ' is getting ac
quainted with the gentlemen who are to
make the laws and perhaps unmake
themselves in : their hazardous undertak
ing. Some friend of the new president of
the . Southern Pacific ought to guide him
aright In this emergency. He has declared
that he will" have" no lobbyists on his pay
roll. Taking him at his word, he should
inquire why his employes, such as Jere
Burke - and others . of - his stamp. • are here.
The climate Is anything but an indication
thatthey,are here for their health.
In passing, it is perhaps of incidental
interest to note that the first orgie of in
tbxicatlon Is in progress to-night The
Pendleton forces are celebrating their tri
umph at the public bars. The only ab
sent member Is Martin Kelly, who es
corted his flock from San Francisco to
Oakland and then returned to the metrop
olis to attend, it is understood, a special
session of the Good Government Club and
elect Pendleton an honorary member.
the lower house will be held at 9:30 o'clock
to-morrow morning. At the request of
Anderson, his supporters have signed the
call and will attend. At this session the
Speaker, sergeant-at-arms and chief clerk
will be selected. In the afternoon patron
age will be discussed, and after that a
more serious problem than all will come.
It will be the question of Assembly com
mittees. It is notorious that Pendleton
has ' made all sorts of promises and
pledges, and when he makes his assign
ments there will be heartburnings, disap
pointments and the inevitable uproars
which follow deals such as this.
all. headquarters; sacra
//^ MENTO. Jan. 6. r At midnight to
(i_. night one of the critical contests
which has marked the prelimin
ary skirmishes of the session , of
the Legislature that will convene at noon
to-morrow was ended. The .battle for
Speakershlp of the Assembly has been
fought and won and C. W. Pendleton will
wield the gavel in the, lower house of the
State Legislature. ; Alden Anderson has
withdrawn from the field and released his
supporters from any obligations under
which they placed themselves to vote for
him.
The fight has been' one of the most deep
ly significant in the political history of
the State and It Is the opinion of con
servative observers that in defeat Ander
son leaves the : contest with all . the sub
stantial fruits of victory/. He enlisted the
support of the best' elements of the ; Re
publican party! commanded the allegiance
of the independent, 1 8elf .-. th , lnkin s> legisla
tors of the State and without promise -or
pledge entered the'fleld for the' honor he
lost. > ,.'.
Against him he found arrayed the power
of the State administration and Its seduc
tive, practically' irresistible bait' of' pa
tronage. He saw. opposed to [ him r the
known agents and authorized representa
tives of the chief Executive, the, paid and
notorious lobbyists of the Southern' Pa
cific ' Company, ,- the '<, followers and satel
lites of 'San Francisco bosses, and the
wavering 'members of the flower •' house,
who .we're ready to fall from the blow of
the strongest, wind. .Realizing this, con-"
dltion of \ affairs, j. Anderson/released, his
supporters from" any, duty«whlch"they may
feel " to ; vote for; him. Some of • them- will
; not ¦accept this ¦ release = and will ' vote ¦ for
him to-morrow, , if , for^ nothing else . than,
to "give ¦expression [to their loyalty:' One
of 1 the remarkable . phases of; this contest
was the ' threat" made' to-day . by, Pendleton
and ' his' followers . that, 1 f [ necessity / de^
\ maiided ,\ they A were in • a ' ; position to call
upon - certain [ Democrats '¦ in tho'"Assembly
for.'support'and would'do so. , -
5 . • A' ! caucus" of the ¦ Republican* members of
"In losing this contest I do not care so much for myself as
for the loyal friends -who stood by me so gallantly until late this af
ternoon, when Beveral men who had absolutely and unequivocally,
and, generally, voluntarily, pledged themselves to me, flopped to
the opposition. When that occurred I felt it was useless to battle
against the influences said to be exerted against me and made a
frank statement to a large number of my supporters who had
gathered in my rooms, telling them , I could not win under the
conditions prevailing and absolving them from further allegiance
to me. A number of them, however, have asserted that they will
cast a complimentary vote for me."
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 6.— r Alden
Anderson was convinced to-night that it was hopeless to battle
against the -widespread and reiterated statements that Governor
Gage preferred C. W. Pendleton for Speaker, and after consulta
tion with his advisers decided to release his supporters from all
obligations to vote for. him in. caucus. In an interview late to
night Mr. Anderson said: *^»"|;
Special Dispatch to The CalL
ANDERSON RETIRES
FROM THE CONTEST
Mr. Armour married Miss Malvlna Belle
Ogden, daughter ¦ of Jonathan Ogden of
Cincinnati,; in October, 18G2. They have
had two' children, Philip D. Armour Jr.;
who died a year ago, and J. Ogden Ar
mour, who seems destined to succeed ihls
father as the head of the .Armour house.
Of the five brothers who have been Iden
tified with {he upbuilding of the Armour
enterprises, " Herman O. Armour, who
went to ; New York in" '.1871 !to ¦¦ look after
the New York Interests of the copartner
ship, is the only, survivor. Joseph A: Ar
mour, who came ' to Chicago in ¦ 1863 and
gave his. attention to the supervision of
the packing business, . died several years
ago. Simeon B. . Armour, who for many
years directed ' the Kansas City packing
business, died In March. 1599.' -~ Andrew'
Watson Armour, who managed the bank
ing interests: of the Armo —- 4 "x • Kansas
In works of charity Mr. Armour's monu
ment will be found In the Armour Insti
tute, to which but a short -time ago he
gave $750,000 in one remembrance. Asked
once what he considered his best paying
Investment he replied, "The Armour In
stitute." The institute to-day represents
an Investment on the part of Mr. Armour
and his brother Joseph of $2,750,000. and a
yearly expense for maintenance of $100,000.
The property interests "for which Mr.
Armour stood are estimated at $150,000,000.
His personal share of this property Is
variously estimated at from . $25,000,000 to
$50,000,000. .
The commercial sense, which always
predominated In his life, Indicated its
presence as soon as he saw the gold fields
of California. He made money from the
start, and at the end of six years he re
turned home with a fortune. Becoming
dissatisfied with the quiet life of his na
tive town he came "West again and, to
gether with a brother-in-law, established
a large wholesale grocery house In Mil
waukee. This venture was also success
ful, and In a year's time he purchased the
largest grain elevator In Malwaukee. This
led to more elevators and railroad stock.
In 1866 he came to Chicago to take charge
of the Chicago branch of a New York
packing establishment. The result was
that the Chicago house ceased to be a
branch and the West. gained the largest
packing and provision plant In the world.
CHICAGO. Jan. 6.— Philip IX Armour
was born on a farm at Stockbrldge,
Oneida County, New York, May 6. 18?2.
The California gold fever struck "Western
New York in 1343, and young Armour was
the first in Stockbridge to determine to
visit the Pacific Coast. He obtained the
permission of his parents, and at the age
of 17 started with three or four compan
ions "from the same neighborhood. Tho
almost Incredible. part of it was that the
party walked nearly the entire distance
from New York to California.
th* Coast in 1849.
Armour "Walked From New York to
The news of Mr. Armour's death spread
rapidly through the city, and to-night
there were many callers at the Prairie
avenue mansion. Mrs. Armour retired to
her apartments and during the evening
saw only the members of her family.
WAS A CALIFOBNIA ABGONATJT.
"We were not altogether unprepared for
my father's death." said J. Ogden Ar
mour. "AH the members of the family
had been here since the relapse of this
morning In anticipation of the most se
rious turn of events."
"He looked upon such holdings." said
Dr. Billings, /'as. Investments rather than
from the speculative view point."
who had been almost constantly In at
tendance upon the sick man, stated to
night that he had heard Mr. Armour make
no mention ot his interest in or profits
arising from the gigantic Milwaukee-
Great Northern deal, by which he was re
puted to have made from $3,000,000 to $5,
000.000 last week.
"In his great wheat deals he has always
had ready cash. In times of panic he has
shown vast resources In spot cash. In
1S93 when a run was made upon the banks
of Chicago and the credit of the city and
the fate of the exposition was hanging In
the balance, Philip D. Armour bought a
half million dollars of gold, in Europe and
offered help to the big institutions of the
city from his cash resources In Chicago.
With a business of $100,000,000 a year In
the packing department alone, a grain
business of half that amount, and practi
cally the owner of a great railway sys
tem, the estimates of his wealth at the
utmost figure appear modest ¦ instead of
exaggerated."
Dr. Frank Billings, who,was at Mr.-'Ar
mours bedside when tho end came and
"Mr. Armour's wealth is a subject that
may never be accurately known. It is
estimated to be not less than $30,000,000
and by some is said to exceed $50,000,000.
The combined wealth of the Chicago Ar
mours Is fixed at $60,000,000, In one sense
the total is the wealth of Philip D. Ar
mour, but Just how much has been carried
in his own name and how much In the
name of his sons is unknown. He has not
been a borrower. He has always been
able to pay cash for. his purchases, and he
has never asked a customer to discount a
bill.
Mr. Armour was a heavy owner in the
Chicago. Milwaukee and St. Paul Railroad
Company and in the reorganized Balti
more cud Ohio. He was interested large
ly in the Illinois Trust and Savings Com
pany, Metropolitan National and North
ern Trust banks of Chicago, and In the
Armour Bank of Kansas City. He was a
director of the Northwestern Life Insur
ance Company, and was a heavy stock
holder in the company which controls ttie
street railways of Kansas City.
Referring to Mr. Armour's fortune, the
Chicago Chronicle to-morrow will say:
While Mr. Armour's name was more
generally associated In the public mind
with the great packing and provision
establishments In which he was Interested
and which do an annual Dusiness exceed
ing one hundred million dollars, employ
twenty thousand persons and have repre
sentatives in every city of importance in
the world, he was actively Interested In
many other big enterprises. As the owner
of an Important system of grain elevators
and as a heavy Investor In the grain pro
ducts of the Middle and Western States.
Mr. Armour was an important factor in
the grain markets of the world.
"I have lc*3t the best friend I had on
earth and can say nothing further to
night," was the way Rev. Frank W. Gun
ealus expressed himself on the death of
Mr. Armour. The dead millionaire and
Mr. Gunsalus, president of the Armour
Institute., have been very firm friends.
During Mr. Armour's sickness he has
been a dally visitor, and he was at the
bedside when Mr. Armour died.
Estimates of Mr. Aimour's own estate
run from $10,000,000 to $25,003,000. This, of
course, docs r.ot include the $15,000,000 or
$20,030,000 owned by *.he young members
of the family. For years every enter
prise he was Interested in has been mak
ing immense Droflts. His holdings of
stock have all advanced largely" during
the last three years.
no change in the practical ownership of
the properties. Some vears previously the
gTain department had been incorporated
under the title of the Armour Elevating
Company. The death of Simeon B. Ai
mour at Kansas City in March. 1599, caus
ed no particular chance In the Armour
Interests there, as they were operated as
a stock company.
So carefully had the plans for the fu^
ture been made that the death of Mr. Ar
mour will have little effect on the out
ward working of the great enterprises
with which he had be°n so closely identi
fied. It is believed that all the Armour
properties will be hetd intact until thr
grandchildren come into their own.
\ttack of Pneumonia Hastens the Demise of Chi
cago's Millionaire Pork Packer.
Leaves an Immense Fortune of Which the Foun
dation Was Laid in California in '49.
After the death of Philip D. Armour Jr.
tfce vast Interests of Armour & Co'., which
had ben carried on as a copartnership,
were Incorporated un-ier the old name ot
Armour & Co. This was to provide great
er stability m case of death, and made
¦¦¦MHBinkHlHMMAHMl
Tfce death of his son, Philip d. Armour
Jr., In Southern California on January 29,
3330. was a great shock to the health
broken nan. The son had gone on a visit
to his father, and was taken suddenly
with pneumonia. His death followed with
scarcely a day's warning. The son had
Inherited the business ability of the Ar
mours, and was closely following the
footsteps of his father when stricken.
His beautiful home, completed but a year
or two before, at Michigan and Thlrty
p»venth streets, told of his love of art.
'Jr. Armour wa» not able to accompany
the funeral party to Chicago. When he
<5id return he went direct to Oconomowoc
and remained there until the chilly
weather in the fall drove the summer cot
tp.rers to this city.
When he returned to Chicago that fall
he was looking well, and his friends
hrped his recovery was complete. He
went to Danforth Lodge, the * summer
home of his son, Philip D. Armour Jr.,
ct Occr.omoxroc Lake, Wla., and remained
there until nearly winter.- Then he Jour
neyed to Pasadena, in Southern Califor
nia, for the cold months. At the time he
•was at Ocononiowoc he made weekly
trips to his office in the Home Insurance
fcuilding, and was receiving constant re
ports of the general drift of his busi
ness affairs. . *
His treadmill of work and his firm grip
on affairs were maintained until the
Faring of 1833. Then the machine began
to show signs of breaking. Mr. Armour
was reported to be a sick man. and these
reports were confirmed when he sailed for
Germany to take baths at Eadnauheim.
He spent most of the cummer at tha
hatfcs. and was sufficiently restored to
health to take a trip to Switzerland,
where he remained a month In th»
mountains.
Mr. Armour had lost strength stadlly
from £ay to day since the commencement
cf the winter. The pneumonia was check
ed, but strength was not regained. Th«
tlrzn grip he had so lor.g maintained upon
the business cf Armour & Co., Tvhethir
at the office or thousandsof miles away,
p:«*a<3i!y relaxed. Reports no longer in
terested him. as they were wont to do
during the first months of his declining
hf-alth. The sudden death of his son
ar<J namesake, nearly a year ago, hung
heavily on him during the closing months
of his life. In fact he never recovered
from the shock he exc-exlenced from that
event. It stopped his progress toward re
covery In his winter hcrac at Pasadena,
and Its sorrow remained fresh until the
end.
For several days deaih had been feared
as the outcome by the close associates of
the great captain of industry- They
realized that the decline from day to day
did not cease, and ihat there could be
but ore end. When death came his grand
children, who had so Ucse a place in his
h«*art. were at the family residence, as
was J. Ogden Armour. tfie surviving son.
Mr. Armour's death came after two
r, ars of Illness, during which time he vis
its German baths, passed the cold months
in Southern California, and devoted him
self largely In an attempt to restore his
health, which, however, had been broken
never to be regained. For several weeks
he had been living at the old family home
on Prairie avenue, the usual trip to
Southern California not having been
taken this winter. He came down to. the
oJUce of the Hone Insurance building but
sejdom, and as the cold increased he d.M
not cone at all. It was understood In tha
.office that he had had an incipient attack
of pneumonia., but it was given out no
later than a week ago that he was on
the road to recovery. It was noted, how
ever, that the constant attendance of the
family physician at the bedside of the
fSek man did cot corroborate the favora
ble reports at the downfown office.
Soon sfter luncheon, and just before the
physician forbade his talking more, Mr.
Armour In feeble tones said that he would
like to hear the Lord's Prayer read. One
r t the trained nurses who had been at
tending him drew a chair to ~ae bedside
;:r.d slowly read Irom the Bible the prayer
for which the dying man had asked. It
was read sentence by sentence, and each
was repeated by Mr. Armour. When the
"anen" had been repeated by him he
sank back on the pillow and closed his
eye* restfully.. It was the last word the
great financier spoke, except feeble fare
vrils to his family a little later.
The rnhlionalre retained consciousness
until within an hour cf his death. During
the day he realized that death was
near. To those around him he had said:
"I know I am very sick, and am ready
for death when St comes."
that bears, his name, died at his
home. 2115 Pra'rie avenue, at 5:43 o'clock
this evening. A muscular affection of the
heart, known as myocarditis, was the Im
mediate cause of death. He had been
plowly recovering from pneumonia that
for three weeks had been threatening his
life. At 9 o'clock this rnorr.in? his heart
pave way under the strain of bis recent
illness, his pulse running up to 103. That
was the beginning cf the end.
Mr. Armour was Furrounded by his fam
ily when he died. Tho.=e at his bedside
bolide his physician and nurses were his
wife Mrs. Philip P. Armour Jr., Mr. and
Mrs. J. Ogden Armour and Rev. Frank
W. Gunsalus.
CHICAGO. Jan. 6.— Philip Danforth
Armour, philanthropist, financier
and raulti-ralllionaire. head of the
vast commercial establishment
BALTIMORE, Jan. 6.— Cardinal Gib
bons to-day delivered a sermon at high
mass in the cathedral in which he re
viewed briefly the events of the century
just closed, with sp%clal reference to the
wars which have been waged during that
period as a preface to an urgent plea for
universal peace. He Incidentally touched
upon the subject of the proposed Increase
of the standing army in this country,
pointing out the evil results arising from
the maintenance of large bodies of armed
men In Europe and expressed the hope
that similar conditions may never obtain
In this country-
Cardinal Gibbons be^an by saying that
the mission of Christ was one of peace.
He continued:
"Before the advent of Christ war was
the rule, peace the exception, throughout
the world. But although wars are less
frequent and less Inhuman in the.Chris
tian dispensation than in pagan times, it
must be confessed that we are as yet far
removed from the millennium of universal
peace.
"At this moment, after an enormous ex
penditure of men and money, England is
endeavoring to bring to a successful close
her war with the South African republics.
It Is stated that thia campaign will cost
England six hundred million dollars.
"And how does our own country, stand
on ; the- .. subjeet-kof , war? AUKtnRh^ the
cornerstone of the constitution is peaca
with all nations and entangling alliances
with none, we have had on our hands
four wars in the century Just brought to
a close. In 1812' v.*e were engaged in the
war with Great Britain, which was justi
fiable on our part because it was a' war
of defence. In 1846 the Mexican war oc
curred. Our terrible civil war began In
1861, lasting four years, and we have re
cently closed the war with Spain, which
resulted In the loss to her and in the ac
quisition by us of all her foreign pos
sessions.
"When we read of a great military cam
paign our imagination revels in the con
templation of the heroic achievements of
famous generals. "We listen with rapture
to the clash of arms, the shouts of the
victors and the sound of martial music.
We seem to catch the spirit of enthusi
asm by which the combatants were ani
mated. •
"But we take no note of the shrieks and
aconles of the soldiers weltering In their
b.ood on the battlefields. We have no
thought of the sick and wounded lying in
hospitals and prisons.' We are unmindful
of sorrowing wives and mothers at home
weeping and sighing for the loved ones
far away.
"It Is a subject of great concern to the
friends of the gospel of peace that Chris
tian Europe presents to-day the spectacle
of n. hugo military camp.
"May God so guide our legislators and
statesmen that thoy may never be be
trayed into Imitating European Govern
ments by the establishment of formida
ble standing armies. God forbid that we
ourselves, flushed with recent victories,
should ever become Intoxicated with the
wine of lmperallsm or militarism, but may
we always follow the traditions of th^t
fathers of the republic. • ..
"Hitherto we have presented to the
world a beautiful-spectacle. Europeans
accustomed at home to meet a sollder or
gendarms.at every street corner, on ar
riving in this country have been filled with
surprise and admiration that a nation cf
so vast i an extent and with such an Im
mense population contains an army of on
ly 25,000 men. They have been forcibly im
pressed with the fact that they can travel
from' Maine to California without meeting
a single soldier. They see that every cit
izen of the United States Is a soldier with
out uniform, engaged In the active pur
suits of life and ready at a moment's no
tice to defend his country. They would
feel that we are a strong nation because
.wo cheerfully bow to > the majesty of the
law, and are not confronted . and intimi
dated by military satraps. May this fair
picture never be defaced. .«.
"God grant that the new. century which
has Just dawned upon us may inaugurate
a new era of peace!"
In a Sermon Urging Universal Peace
the Prelate Warns Against a
Large Standing Army.
Hopes ttie Counsels ol the
Republic's Founders
Cardinal Gilons in
Support of |||
- Traditions.
SEES DANCER
IN POLICY OF
IMPERlALISM
began flocking to his rooms. Several of
them came willing to sign the call, but no
one wished to commit himself until ha
knew Just how the situation lay. There
was not much to be done until the arrival
of the 9:45 train from the city, for both
sides had men coming and the fight was
In such shape that every man was needed.
The Pendleton men were confident and
the Anderson men were equally so. They
knew there were not Republicans enough
in the Pendleton faction to organize the
House, and If they stayed out the organ
ization would be tied up, caucus .or no
caucus.
It was at this time that a persistent ru
mor of the possible candidacy of Dunlap
started. Dunlap bad withdrawn several
days ago. He had pledged to him mem
bers enough to make h» candidacy worth
considering, but when he withdrew they
deserted him. 8everal were approached
on the subject, but the Pendleton men had
gathered In a great many and they re
fused to consider their promises to Dunlap
as binding. The report of his candidacy
continued during the day, and be himself
would neither deny nor affirm It It was
hoped that- If Anderson lost on the first
day. Dunlap might re-enter the race 'and
win on the second, but the main fight
seemed to have overshadowed all o'hen '
and he developed no strength during the
day.
After the 9:<5 train arrived with what
was supposed to be the last of the'legis
lators on board it was found that Pendle
ton still lacked some of his men. He
openly claimed Rutherford, but Ruther
ford was not forthcoming. It was
thought, too. that Knight was one of the
defecting ones, but Knight got lost sora—
where, and after he was given up he came
into the Golden Eagle, sought Pendleton's
rooms and signed the call. He was the
last of the bunch. B3B
As the Anderson men were still confer
ring in the Capital Hotel, the Pendletoa
men decided to bring the call down* and
In the meantime a conference was called
In the Anderson headquarters and his men
were glad to get Mellck when he offered.
caucus, but that he was for Anderson
first, last and all the time. His signature
of the rollcall was the first sign of weak
ness in the Pendleton camp that the cau
cus call developed. They hoped, no Ander-
Bon men would be necessary, but they
signed.
Mellck of Los Angeles -was the flr^t man
of the Anderson camp to sign the call. He
said two days ago that he would go Into
short and had to call upon some of the
Anderson men to help them out.
Since last evening Pendleton had been
claiming that he had men enough to force
a caucus If he wished and that he could
even organize the House If h© were driven
to It. but it was not until to-day that it
was boldly stated by his men that he
counted on the assistance of some Demo
crats to do so. At 2 o'clock one of Pen
dleton's men went over to the Capital Ho
tel and called upon Anderson, but Ander
son was not yet willing to commit him
self. From that time on the Pendleton
faction took this as a refusal to sign and
the caucus call went around openly. It
was in Pendleton's rooms In the Golden
Eagle, and all through this afternoon his
men came and went and obediently
Golden Eagle, and after signing It himself
he started it around his own circle. It
was the object of the Pendleton men to
get lorty-one names to the call from their
own ranks, but results show that they fell
the subject of a caucus. Pendleton had
the call, which he had made out, and he
asked Anderson to sign It, giving as a rea
son that Anderson -was the senior mem
ber of the House and also was the first on
the roll call. He said he was determined
to caucus in the morning. Anderson ob
jected to the hotir, and finally said he
would confer with his friends, decide upon
his course and eive an answer at 2 o'clock.
Pendleton took the call back to the
Deem It Best Not to Array the Be
publican Majority Against
Itself.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 6.— There was a conference
this morning In the Anderson headquar
ters by Anderson and Pendleton regarding
ANDERSON MEN
JOIN IN CALL
FORA CAUCUS
It develops late to-night as one of the
first Important results of the victory of
Pendletcn for Speaker that a stubborn ef
fort will be made at once to increase the
patronage of the Assembly and provide
places for the hungry followers of the
various interests which supported the man
from the south.
The Senate Is resting In the obscurity of
dignity. There is nothing fn its affairs to
excite interest or comment. The Republi
can members will caucus at 10 o'clock,
telect lt« officers, choose its committee*
and organize at noon. The attaches of
the last s. t slon, practically without ex
ception, will serve for this session.
It. will review the condition of affairs ex
isting In the various State institutions
and will dwell with recurring emphasis
upon the policy and wisdom of economy
In State administration. The Governor
has already placed the seal of his con
demnation upon one measure which In all
probability will be presented at this ses
sion. This will be the proposition to. cre
ate a board of control, which will have
absolute Jurisdiction over the various In
stitutions of the State. This scheme was
presented at the last session, but never
reached the Governor. If It had. he says,
he would have vetoed It This Is a rea
sonably clear indication cf what he will
do if it reaches him this session.
Governor Gage Supports the Southern Pacific Lobby
Against the Suisun Statesman.
Alden Anderson Withdraws -From the Field and
Releases His Supporters From Their Pledges.
PENDLETON VICTORIOUS
IN SPEAKERSHIP FIGHT
PHILIP D. ARMOUR DIES
AFTER A LONG ILLNESS
PRICE • FIVE CENTS.
SAN FKANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1901.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 38.
The San Francisco CallRUSSIAiN SECT MAY
EMIGRATE TO AMERICA
Forty Thousand Molokanen Contem
plate Establishing Themselves
in This Country.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 6.— The Molo
kanen; a sect numbering 40,000," whose
founders removed in 1840 from various
parts of Russia to the Caucasus and
whose delegates have just brought glow-
Ing reports from the Doukhobors, or Rus
sian Quakers; In Canada, contemplate em
igrating to America.. ¦ , . .. '
The sect secured State lands in the Cau
casus almost rent free; but recently the
Russian Government announced that the
rents -would be increased threefold or
fourfold. Now the Molokanen are peti
tioning the Government to restore the for
mer rentals or to permit' emigration. :^S^2
RUSSIA "WOULD OBJECT.
Would Resist ; Germany's Exchange
of East Africa for Cyprus.
ST.- PETERSBURG. -Jan. ' 6.— Discussing
the alleged project of an exchange of Ger
man East Africa' for Cyprus, the Novoc
Vremya says: ' ¦ , . : - -
"Under existing trentl<*s the nthcr pow
era" must ; . be 'consulted 'shout -Cyprus.- and
Russia ,,will : never, .consent: to. Germany
securing .¦.-such a foothold in the . near
I mil " iflOTIIillllOTTii'Jr'M'STI
MORGAN BUYS AOT>
SELLS RAILROADS
Having Sold the Jersey Central to the
Reading Line, Negotiates for
the Lehigh.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6.— The Tribune to
morrow will say: Just at the close of
the market on Saturday Wall street re
ceived the news that J. Plerpont Morgan
had bought the Central Railroad of New
Jersey and'sold it to the Reading Rail
road. When the market reopens Monday
morning It is said It will be confronted
with the additional news that Mr. Morgan
haa secured the controlling interest in the
Lehlgh Valley also, and that this Interest
will probably be offered to the Reading
company at the meeting of Us director*,
which has been called for Monday to com
plete officially .the purchase and arrange
for the formal transfer of the Jersey Cen
tral stock to Its new owners.
MINERS KILLED IN A RIOT.
Seven Hungarians Dead and Forty
Wounded at Altjjebirg 1 by Force
of Gendarmes.
Jan. 7.— According; to a dls
patch y to the Dally- Express from ;¦ Vienna
seven miners ' were killed and forty
wounded Saturday In. an affray at Altge
hlrsr. Hungary, between riotous miners
and gendarmes. ... . _ .. . •
Sum for. German Canal Bill.
• BERLIN. Jan.' 6.— The Lokal Anzelger
asserts that tho canal bill appropriation
willbe SS9.000.000 marks.
- "V ¦
POLITICIANS
IN FORCE AT
THE CAPITAL
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 6.— The closenes? of the con
tfFt for the Bpeakerphip and tho influ
4 no^s that have been projected into It
tiavp failed to produce the lively scenes
around the hotel lobbies and on the
Ftreets that have formerly been the rule
on the eve of the opening of a session of
the Jyplslature. TCot until the arrival of
the overland train to-night, with its load
of legislators and politicians, to a man
ra^rr to know th«" latest developments In
The Ppcakrrphip fipht, was there a eem
blance of the excitement of similar occa
sions in former years.
All day those who had arrived early
ptood about the lobby of the Golden Eagle
or the Capital Hotel and discussed the
Bltuation. while the rain poured down so
steadily that members of the two houses
and of the two rival camps agreed that
past Legislatures had failed in their duty
in not making an appropriation to roof
the street between the hostelnes where
the politicians congregate. ...
For the most part the discussion was
rarried on in Fmall groups and related
largely to the Speakership. The contest
for <-hief clerk received more than ¦ Its
fhare of attention, so much eo that the
managers of the more important fight be
gan to look upon It and Its possible ef
fp<:ts upon Pendleton's chances or Ander-
Fon's chances with considerable appre
hension.
As night came on and the 'rain became
lighter and finally stopped entirely the
crowds around the headquarters in
creased. Talk of caucuses and conferences
brought out the full Ftrength of'each s!d*
fo far. as the Assemblymen had arrived,
and the pcx-ne lx^-came more and more ani-
mated as the hours passed and the con
viction grew that new combinations and
declarations of wavering members would
fettle before the night was old all doubt
as to the outcome of the Speakershlp
contest-
Jere Burlce was on th© Ecen« all day,
having come yesterday afternoon, John
O. Lynch. Jake Shaen and minor lights of
the Federal brisrade arrived .this morning:
«jid at once Jumped into the thick of tho
"fray In the lntereFts of Pendleton. Hart
H. North. United States Commissioner of
Immigration, and his brother. Arthur W".
North of Woodland, were on the ground
rxicklnR up the Alameda County delega
tion and other friends of Anderson In their
rff ortB to counteract the Influence of
boesism.
Tbe late trains brought practically all
the Senators and Assemblymen who had
not arrived earlier. Even Assemblymen
Blis3 of Alameda County and Savage of
Ixm Ang-ele*, both of whom have been ill.
were among the arrivals on the overland
train. Senator Selvage of Eureka ar
rived, having just returned from Wash
ington. Senators Nelson. Welch. Tyrrcll
and Wolfe of San Francisco came, and
with the San Francisco contingent was
Senator Joseph M. Plunkett, the only
Democrat In all the State that was elected
last November to the more dlj^nified.
ho'JM of th© Legislature.
Governor Gage, returning from Loe An
geles, arrived on . the overland . train,
colonel George Stone, t x-Surwrvisor E. J.
Pmlth. Abe Ruef. William Sims and tho
remaining members of the San Francisco
delegation came by that train.
Martin Kelly came across the hay to
the Oakland mole on the ferry-boat con
necting: with tha overland train. He was
accompanied by Assemblyman Ftanklln.
••Whiwcers" Mike Smith and Frank Gas
par. During th* trip acroes the bay Kelly
minted with the crowd, and guve hla nn
<erBtufiJes parting; admonitions. He,-
Unknown Person Writes to
the Chief of Policeof
Omaha.
_> * ¦- • *-
OMAHA, 'Jan. 6.— A letter has been
turned over to Chief Donahue of the
pmaha police department In which an of
t^r is made to deliver certain information
to him regarding the abductors of Eddie
Cudahy upon the Chief's compliance with
certain conditions. The Chief and Mr.
Cudahy evidently considered the letter
authentic and of enough Importance to
justify a reply, because the following ad
vertisement appeared In the columns of a
local paper this morning:
"Your request, asked for In letter mailed
at Lincoln on January 4. to be answered
before January 7. will be granted.
"E. a. CUDAHY,
"J. A. DONAHUE."
Both Mr. Cudahy and Chief Donahue
declined to-night to say what the contents
of the Lincoln letter were or • to refer to
the conditions prescribed therein. It Is
ptated that the letter is from a man who
knows every member of the gang which
kidnaped Eddie Cudahy on December 6.
Further, It is stated positively that the
revelations to be made by the writer of
the letter will irivolvo a well-known man
in this city, who has been suspected but
against whom no positive evidence could
be obtained. The acceptance of the offer
of the unknown writer leads to the belief
that he has placed a price on his knowl
edgo of the crime and has taken this
means, to protect himself from discovery,
as he gave no address In his letter, advis
ing that an advertisement be inserted If
his proposition v/ere considered favorably.
WILL EXPOSE
THE ABDUCTORS
MINNEAPOLIS, Jan. 6.— Eight men lost
their lives in the fire at 115 Washington
avenue South this morning, which had its
origin in the rear of the Standard furni
ture store. The dead:
NATHANIEL PERLEY, painter.- 60
years old.
C. J. SKIDMORE, oiler, 43 years old. -
J. S. BENTLEY, newspaper subscrip
tion solicitor.
B. SCOFIELD, laborer. 45 years old.
GEORGE RUDY, barber. 45 years old.
MICHAEL MONAHAN, 75 years old.
J. N. ERICKSON of Alexandria. Minn.,
25 years old.
JACOB80N; laborer, about 60 years
Old.
Injured. Harry Cotton, badly cut about
the hands.
The men were overcome by an Intense
volume of smoke in the Harvard .Hotel,
which occupies the -second, third and
fourth floors of the' building, and death
in every Instance was due to sutfocation.
The lodgers were all sound asleep, and
It was with the greatest difficulty that
they were aroused. Nineteen of the twen-.
ty-seven lodgers were successful in escap
ing, but the others, unable to beat their
way back, through the oil smoke, suc
cumbed and fell In their tracks,- where
they were found, by the firemen. Several
others had very narrow escapes. The loss
on the building and contents will not ex
ceed $3000. -
Fatalities of Minneapolis
Fire Now Eight in
Number.
ONE ADDED TO
LIST OF DEAD
WTLHELMINA'S -WEDDING
MAY BE POSTPONED
Possible Result of the Recent Death
of the Late Grand Ihike of
Saxe- Weimar. . ,
THE HAGUE. Jan. 6.-Thouprh the.
death\of tho Grand Duke of Saxe-Welmar
was expected, the news nevertheless
caused considerable shook at the palace,
where all the blinds were immediately
lowered. Six weeks of deep court mourn
ing were ordered, which may postpone
the- marriage of • Queen Wllhelmina,
though some authorities declare to the
contrary.
The Second Chamber has discussed and
passed the bills relating to the Queen's
marriage* and the status of Duke Henry.
The first bill, giving permission for the
marriage, was voted by 79 to 10.
Then Duke henry's naturalization was
accepted, and, lastly, by SI votes to 7, the
Duke f s income In case of the Queen'a
death was decided upon. After votlnp a
Krant for naval expenditure tho Chamber
adjourned until February 12.
Twelve, gentlemen of the aristocracy
have offered to form a guard of honor to
accompany the Queen and Duke Henry
durlnjr the marrlape festivities. This offer
her Majesty has been pleased to accept.
On the, occasion of the wedding air the
Dutch representatives In foreign countries
will hold grand receptions.
SHIPWRECKED AND
ATTACKED BY PIRATES.
Thrilling Experience of the Crew and
Passengers of the Steamer
San Augustine.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.— Tne little Spanish
steamer San Augustine has been
wrecked on a small Islet in Smith Chan
nel,' Straits of Magellan. The British
steamship Coya, which arrived last night,
saved tho passengers and crew, 102 in
number, from attack by the pirates of the
coast and landed all hands at Punta Are
nas.
Tho wreck of the San Augustine oc
curred on Novmeber 27, but the first news
fcf it was brought here by the Coya. The
Spanish steamer. In command of Captain
Suarez, left Coronel, .in Chile, for Punta
Arenas on November 22. Five days later
phe struck the rocks In Smith Channel.
The boats landed the passengers and
crew, who were composed of Spanish and
Chileans. On the rocky islet they had to
remain two days before they were rescued
by the Coya's men.
The pirates who swarm on that coast
had taken all they could lay their hands
on from the wreck.:
duke of manchester
trave:ling southward
With His Wife, Father-in -Law and
Lord Lambert, ."Will Visit Planta
tion of Mrs. Yznaga. "
NATCHEZ, Miss., Jan. 6.-The Duke
and Duchess of Manchester, accompanied
by Lord Lambert and Eugene Zimmer
man, father of the Duchess, reached this
city at 7:30 o'clock to-night. The ducal
party was met at the station by Mrs.
Kllen Yznaga, grandmother of the Duke,
and proceeded to the Natchez Hotel,
where apartments had ; been reserved.
They will remain here until Tuesday,
when the entire 'party., will leave for
L'Arg;ent. La., by boat, and from that
point they will go to Ravenswood, th©
plantation home of Mrs. Yznaga. The
boat will be gayly decorated in honor of
the party..
BBYAN. VISITS KANSAS CITY.
Says He Is Sure Els Paper Will Prove
to Be ; a Success.'
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 6.— William J.
Bryao passed through Kansas City to-:
nleht on : his way home from Galveston,
Tex.
: Speaking of his paper. > the Commoner,
he said the first issue would be out about
January 20.. He feels that his newsnaper
enterprise will • be a great success. > He
said that subscriptions were received
from thirty-three and Territories
within a week after ho announced his In
tention of publishing the Commoner.-"''
"Mr.. Bryan was accompanied by his son :
CARACAS, Venezuela, Jan. 6.— The
, United States training ship
Buffalo, which arrived at La
Guayra yesterday, left to-day for
Manila.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 6.-It is paid by
the State Department officials that no
orders have been sent to Minister Loomls
at Caracas. Venezuela, contemplatinx the
use of United States marines in the ex
isting difficulties over the rival asphalt
company concessions. The department
is makinjj a careful inquiry into the con
troversy and If the results warrant such
action representations on the subject will
be made to tho Venezuelan Government
with a view to securing an immediate
settlement of the matter.
It) the meantime, Vern-suela Is. expected
to refrain from attempting to dispossess
the'New York and Bermudez Company of
its pitch lako concession. The. Caracas
officials will be given to understand that
the United States will not permit the
ousting of the. New York and Bermudez
company rrom disputed property untu xne
Venezuelan Supreme Court shall have an
nounced Its decision on pending suits." It
was reported that Commander Hutchlns
of tho Buffalo has been ordered to co
operate with Minister Loomls In backing
up demands of this Government and
obtaining justice for the American com
pany, but the sailing of the Buffalo for
Manila shows that such extreme action
is not contemplated.
This trouble, which it was feared might
lead to a. breach of friendly relations oe
t\veen the United States and Venezuela,
is the outgrowth of an attempt to dis
possess the New Tork and Bermudez
Company of a concession embracing val
uable pitch lakes, control of which a rival
corporation is attempting- to obtain. Suits
are now pending before the Supreme
Court of Venezuela to settle the claims of
tho two corporations, and the State De
partment at WashinRton simply asks that
the New York and Bermudez Company be
undisturbed until these cases shall have
been decided.
UNCLE SAM'S .REPRESENTATIVE IN THE REPUBLIC OF VENE
ZUELA. "WHO HAS RKCEIVED ORDERS TO PROTECT AMERICAN
CAPITALISTS AND HIS OFFICIAL RESIDENCE.
leave It -with the clerk of the Golden Eagle
?o that all who would might sign. It was
at this time that the conference of the
Anderson men tnded. It was decided that
to array the overwhelming Republican
nainritv of the House against itself was
not worthy of the dignity of the speaker
!=nip. There was no question of the loy
alty cf the Anderson men or their will
ineness to hold out for Anderson to the
lapt. It was conceded that Pendleton
could win in the caucus if they went In.
although his chances in the House were
ftill doubtful, but it was decided that to
join In the caucus was the proper thing
to do, and they would Join.
This information was pent across the
Ftreet to the Pendlfton men, and with
thai the fight ended.
Th" rail for the oaurus> Is as follows:
A rauciir of the R'^mb'ican membership of
th<» AmeraMy Is hereby called for Monday,
January ">. li<l. at the hour of 9:39 a. m.. at
the Suprem* Court room* in the State Capitol
r-ul'JCInp. to nominate canfliiiateB for th* offices
cf the ABseir.bJy.
Puicd Facram«*nto, January «, 1S0L
When the final decision oi the Anderson
rripn was nnnounced the names signed to
th*> cnll were:
C 'W Prr./il+to-n. Arthur G. Flek. Grove I>.
TcfcRMB Hoiranl A. Brcrurhton. Bd. 'Ward,
F Trfa/.trell. Hamilton A. Bau»r, Lorenzo A.
Her.rv Joseph M. Kelly. M. B. Brady. Warren
M Ji>nn PavM T. McVTade. J. J. Hourijran,
ilenrv E. Carter. John Butler. "W. C. RaJston.
.VtaBWrt, Lawrence Schlllig. H. a Ganf,
M P r^berts, B. H. McNeil. V. W. Orfeer.
lV W Hassan W. H. Favar*. F. "W. Barnes.
U H" Mrers. 'A. S. Mllice. W. S. Mellck. C.
O H BennJnk. ¦VTilliam J. Eva*t, George C.
¦Rrown. W. G. Gu!Uoyl». FYank I>. MacBeth,
C W Merrtt E L. Wehber, C. R- Stewart.
T A. Cromwell. Hubert M. Clarke, Charles R.
FYank!'.n and J. F. Collins.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 7.— It Is worthy of note;that
Mr/Anderson's ability and Impartiality as
a presiding officer were not called in ques
tion. Hs knowledge of parliamentary law
was never brought into question during
the contest. He made no pledges or
promises and conducted his campaign la
a manner creditable to himself and his
supporters. He Is still animated, by a
patriotic desire to gerve the best Interests
of the State, hoping in that service to
fctrengthon the Republican party. His
stanch supporters', who ask no other re
ward than the approval of the people of
California, express a determination . to
vote for him in the face of the fact that
he has -absolved them from all obligations
for further support.
The fact is well known to them that Mr.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 6.— C. W. Pendletpn. was
seen at the Golden Eagle Hotel to-night
after the decision of the Anderson men
had been announced. About his candi
dacy, he -Raid:
GAGE WORKED
IN SECRET FOR
HIS FAVORITE
"For some time I have felt sure I
could win In the caucus, for I knew I had
the votes. The caucus is yet- to be held,
and Mr. Anderson will be voted for as
well as I, but I will win- I will work for
the best Interests of the people and I will
try to serve the best Interests of the
party. I will appoint on the different
committees men who are best fitted for
the various duties and men who will at
tend to and expedite the business of the
*eRsion. I am grateful to the friends
who stood by me, and I hope to 6how that
their confidence has not been misplaced.
The fight on the part of Mr. Anderson
has been upright and free from personali
ties, and I feel that all through we have
both been fair."
Caspar and Smith returned to Ban Fran
cisco by the next boat-
Politicians from all sections of the
State are among those here to witness
the opening of the srsslon. John C. Bull
rif Eureka. J. H. Ueccher of Anderson, J.
K. Reynolds, postmaster at Bedding; K.
B. Martinelli of San Rafael, G. B. Dan
iels of Oakland, Jake Steppacher. Jesso
Marks and J. J. Currv of San Francisco
are among those who are here to eee
that the Legislature gets off right. Walter
F. Parker, expert of the State Board of
Examiners, was among the afternoon's
arrivals.
FOUR CONTESTS
FOR SEATS IN
THE ASSEMBLY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 6.— The Democrats of the
Assembly will caucus to-morrow morning
at 11 o'clock. They will agree on the man
for the complimentary vote, probably
Cowan of Santa Rosa, decide to be quiet
and get what they can, and adjourn. Bert
Schleslnger Is the only one mentioned
for the chairmanship' of the caucus.
The three cornered contest for the chief
clerkship alone remains to promise a gust
of excitement In the organization of the
lower house.
Rev. J. B. Wilson of Pomona and Rev.
F. W. Fischer of Sacramento are seeking
the position of chaplain of the Assembly.
Four contests for seats will come before
the Assembly. From tho Twenty-eighth
District E. F. Lacey is contesting Frank
lin's seat. Thomas J. Horan is contesting
Collins* seat from the Twenty-ninth dis
trict. Joseph X. Strand is contesting
Butler's seat from the Thirty-third. Lon
Henry's seat from tho Forty-second Dis
trict is being contested by "W. D. Wasson.
The Assembly will face one condition
that Is full of embarrassment. The
amended Belshaw act, under which the
Assembly will oiVanlze, omits, so It has
been discovered, to provide for the ap
pointment of clerks of committees. In
consequence it will be necessary to rush
through an amendment correcting the
oversight or to make such appointment
by a three-fifths affirmative vote in each
case.
The contest for the chief clerkship of
the Assembly Is still an open one. with
strength that must bo taken Into con
sideration back of each of the three can
didates. The geographical argument may
be used against Clio Lloyd of Santa Bar
bara now that Pendleton has won the
Speakershlp, but it 1*> generally believed
that he and "Jim" Oliver of Berkeley are
neck and neck In the race. Lloyd was
approached to-day with a proposition of
a union of his and Wanzer's forces, but
refused to consider It. He was not In a
position to turn the chief deputyship over
to Wanzer and his reply was that he was
willing to let it remain an open fight and
to abide by the decision of the caucus.
PENDLETON IS
GRATEFUL TO
HIS BACKERS
Anderson received written pledges of sup
port from many members of the Assem
bly who succumbed to the pressure
brought to bear to bring about his defeat.
\\ ero letters published which Mr. Ander
son received, the public would know why
he made the. oft-repeated statement that
he had a sufficient number of votes
pledged, outside of San Francisco, to con
stitute a majority of the Republican cau
cus.
It now transpires that shortly before
Boss Martin Kelly rounded up the San
t raneiseo word was secret
ly passed around that Governor Gage pre
ferred the election of Pcndleton.
SAYS HE HAS
CONQUERED THE
LIQUOR HABIT
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. f.— Senator C. M. Simpson
of Pasadena made a shcrt address at the
Sixth-street Methodist Episcopal Churc.i
to-night. The' occasion was a class-meet
ing, and at the request of the Rev. Dr.
S. J. Carroll, the pastor. Senator Simpson
spoke of his religious experience. He said:
"Some time ago I found that I had be
come addicted to a preater use of intoxi
cating liquors than was good for me, and
many of my friends urged me to conquer
the habit. I tried to do eo and found the
struggle an unequal one. Realizing my
weakness. I decided to enter religious life
and to Beek from above the strength that
I did not possess, and by the help of asso
ciation with religious. God-fearing people
to attain a new life, with new purposes
and resolves and the strength to carry
them out.
"I Bought the help of the Divine Father
and he heard my prayers. With his lov
ing help I have suppressed all desire for
strong drink. Through God's mercy I am
to-dav a changed man, no longer a slave
to habit, but instead possessed of the de
sire andWhe will to worship at the altar
of the Almighty. By his grace I intend
always to abstain from stronff drink."
DISTRIBUTION
OF PATRONAGE
IN SENATE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 6.— The Senate will be
called to order to-morrow at noon by
Lieutenant Governor Jacob H. Neff. Its
officers will be: Thomas Flint Jr. of San
Juan, president pro tem; Frank J. Bran
don of San Jose, secretary, and Lou Mar
tin of San Francisco, 6ergeant at arms.
There will be no contests In any of these
offices. Lieutenant Governor Neff has not
come into town yet, and so but little Is
known of the committees.
The finance committee Is generally con
ceded to Smith of Bakersfleld. He was
to have been made its chairman' at the
last session, but he was sidetracked in
favor of Dickinson. Possible candidates
for the Judiciary Include Davis, Taylor,
Wolfe and Simpson. Davis is most often
mentioned for the place, but length of
service puts the others ahead of him. If
Davis should not get It, it Is certain he
will be given the committee on mines and
mining.
Luchslnger Is looking for the Public
Buildings Committee. Rowell will get
something better than, the Hospitals Com
mittee, which he had last session, and
Lardner is spoken of for the Mines and
Mining Committee in case Davis gets the
Judiciary. :
The Republican Senators will caucus to
morrow morning. Smith will probably be
chairman. The: question ;• of patronage
will be the principal business and It may
result ln«a disappointment to many, it
has been proposed to make the patronage
the same as last year, which made an al
lowance to each Republican of nearly $11
There are more Republicans to divide
this year, however, and so the allowance
will be cut. down to about $9 75. This, to
those who have been speculating on-$14
or flB, may be sufficient to bring out
strength enough to raise the limit.
Miss Luchslnger will be postmistress of
the Senate and Miss Delia Thompson will
be her assistant. •
APPOINTMENTS
AT DISPOSAL
OF GOVERNOR
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 6.— Governor Gage has sev
eral important appointments at " his . dis
posal now, but It Is understood that the
vacancies will not be filled until after the
adjournment of the:- Legislature. There
is a vacancy on the State. Board of Har
bor Commissioners, one - on . tho State
Board of Prison Directors and two on tho
State Board of Agriculture. : '
-There.!* a lon^HM of, candidates for
Harbor Commissioner to-, succeed Major
Harney.' .It Includes Charles *R; Patton,
ex-Supervlspr Edward Algeltinger, ex-
SupervlBor Ed J. , Smith, General W. ¦ 1L
Brown and Senator F.'W. Leavitt.
Prison EHreotor Hayes may be appointed
to succeed himself. • Charles Bonn tag > is
also a candidate, " '• v '.¦*:
WASTE OF FUNDS IK
CLEANSING HAVANA
Colonel Black's Disinfecting Process
Proves to Be Needlessly
Extravagant
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. 1«6 O
STREET. J». W., "WASKTNGTOX. Jan.
6.— "It seems fair to conclude that had
the sanitary authorities of Havana re
eorted to chloride of lime as a disinfect
ant instead of electrozone- tne work of dis
infection would have been more thor
oughly carried out and the Insular funds
would have been richer by J63.24L"
This Is the conclusion of Walter R*a<3.
surgeon, XJ. S. A., based upon an Investi
gation of the Woolf system of electrol
ysis of pea water which has been used
for disinfecting: purposes in Havana. It
is asserted that -water so treated cen
tal nM a hundred grains of chloride to the
pal Ion. and it was distributed In vngor.3
for use In disinfecting cellars, street
sprinkling and household disinfection.
Colonel Black, chief engineer of Havana.
who is responsible for the Installation of
the plant, was so well satisfied with the
result that he Indorsed a proposition for
an extension of the system to other dtles
in Cuba. Before adopting the proposition
Maior General Wood, the Governor Gen
eral, deemed It advisable to obtain the
views of a medical officer as to th* ralua
Of the system. Major Reed made- a care
ful analysis of the.electrozona.
SPECTATOR ~M KVfUS HIS
•DEATH AT BUTJ^FIffHT
Angry Animal Leaps From the Arena
and Charges Upon the
Crowd.
AUSTIN, Tea., Jan- 1— A dispatch from
Monterey. Mexico* says: The bullfighting
arena at San Loils Potosl was the scene of
another tragic exhibition of the bratal
sport. While the flffht was In progress
one of the vicious bolls Jumped the- stone
barrier that separates the fish tins ring
from the spectators. The animal landed
In the midst of the* crowd and Instantly
charged upon the men. women and chil
dren. The people fled for the exits, panie
stiicken. One person was killed and a
number of others were wounded.
vu tt.'1'HTTR. TIDINGS OP th hi
BK.rrT.SH "BA~R.Tr BEBCHHA2TX
Sighted Three Days Ago and He
ported-as Saving: Lost Fonatop
x and Main Topgallant Masts.
LONDON. Jan. 6.— The British bark
Beechbank. Captain Buchanan, from San.
Francisco August 7 for Queenstown. was
spoken on January S In latitude 36 north,
longitude 38 west, and Is reported as hav
ing lost foretopmast and main topgallant
yard.
The bark Beechbank -was reported at St.
Helena on November 27, damaged by palea
and tidal wave, and on December pasnei
Ascension Island rigged with a jury fore
mast.
•Elected November «. 1900. Holds for four years
SEIKTA-TORS.
; ¦¦¦•WASHINGTON,- Jan.
pf the reappolntment bill .will be resumed
to-morrow. In the House, v Indications
point to a final voteupon the.measure on
Tuesday, but the" fight over the basis of
apportionment is a bitter one and the de
bate may be prolonged. The outcome is
not clear. Hopkins i3 still confident that
his bill. will carry, but in order to pull
it through he is now ready to concede an
increase of three- members to. cover the
;major -fractions of the States of Florida.
Colorado and North Dakota. If his bill
passes it probably will be with this modi
lioatio'n. ' . ''..;¦ -. • "•
The opposition is "very aggressive, but
on the surface seems to lack the strength
necessary to carry the Burleigh bill.
There are forces at work, however, by
which the opposition- hope?, through *ttre.
agencies of Senator Quay, Senator Platt
of New York and Senator, I-odge of- Mas
sachusetts to ' swing the delegations of
New York, Pennsylvania and Massachu
setts into line, and if successful' the Hop*
kins bill may suffer defeat. ¦ -
Crumpacker of Indiana proposes to move
to recommit the bill with instructions to
reduce the representation of the Southern
States, but tnere is no idea that such a
proposition will prevail. -•-
After the disposal of the reapportion
ment bill the river and harbor bill will
be taken up. It is expected to consume
two clays. The remainder of the week
will be devoted to appropriation bills. The
District of Columbia bill probably will be
next of the supply bills to be considered.
ARMY BELL SUHE* TO PASS.
Measure Hay'Be Disposed Of During
th'3 Present Week.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— The Senate will
continue to give pracftcally uninterrupted
attention to the army reorganization bill
until that measure shall be disposed of.
That the bill will pass no one doubts, and
the general .opinion is that it will get
through some time during the present
week. Senator Hawlcy, chairman of the
Committee on Military. Affairs, expresses
the opinion that the measure will be in
conference by Wednesday, but other Sen
ators postpone the date somewhat. There
are several committee amendments yet to
be considered, including those relating to
the army canteen and veterinary corps.
It was supposed at one time that the can
teen provision would cause prolonged de
bate, but the best opinion now is that
comparatively little time will be spent on
it. A number of amendments suggested
by individual Senators will be considered
at greater length, and some speeches on
the bill; as a whole, are yet to be made.
The provision of the bill authorizing the
enlistment of Filipinos in the army of the
United States is among the features which
are almost certain to come in for sharp
attack.
With the army bill out of the way the
legislative, executive and judicial appro
priation bill will be taken up anil after it
other appropriation hills if any are In
shape to be considered.
The ship subsidy bill will be restored
to the calendar as the regular order of
business when thn army bill is passed, and
it will be pressed . when no appropriation
bills are waiting consideration.
Next Saturday will be larpely devoted to
euloRles upon Vie late Senator .Davis of
Minnesota. . * •
Indications Point to Final
Vote on the Measure
Next TuesdaVt
Proponent Now Willing to Concede
Increase of Three Members in
the Houss to Cover Major *
Fractious." * . *
BITTER FIGHT OH
HOPKINS BILL
SEVERE STORMS
VISIT EUROPE
Tremendous Gales Are Blow
ing Over the Adriatic and
Thermometer Falls.
In St. Petersburg the Cold Is So
Severe That All the Schools
Have Been Closed Tem
porarily.
LONDON, Jan. 7.— Severe cold haa rod-
denSy get la throughout England. It is
accompanied by a northeasterly wind,
amounting to a gale over the channel. As
Dover a boat was capsized, four person*
being drowned, and probably other acci
dents will be reported.
On th» continent the weather Is still
more severe. Snow baa fallen as far
south as Naples, and in St. Petersburg the
cold is so Intense thai the pollc© In th*
streets have to be frequently relieved and
the schools to be closed. At SIoscow th»»
temperature is 30 decrees below zero,
Fahrenheit. ; i
Tremendous gales are blowing over th»
Adriatic. Terrible blizzards . are reported
from Austria and Southern Russia, ex
tinguishing signal lights and resulting in
the derailing of the Orient express a:
Althpasua.
The storm caused a collision between
passenger trains at Mikola. near Szat
mar, Hungary, six nersons being killed.
Nine persons were frozen to death on a
high road In Transylvania. Odessa n
completely snowbound. The harbor w
frozen over, and trains are unable to
enter or depart in consequence of the
drifts.
SNOW PAULS IN ROME.
Severe Cold Reported Also In General
Throughout France.
PARIS. Jan. 6.— Severe cold is reported
throughout France and Italy. A foot of
snow fell at Marseilles last evening, and
the mercury shows IS degrees of frost in
Paris to-day. There have been a number
of deaths In the streets. Trains from a
long distance are greatly delayed.
Snow has fallen even in Southern Italy.
and the city cf Rome and surrounding
country are snowclad for the first time In
many years. Crowds assembled on the
Pincio to witness the rare panorama,
VENEZUELA MUST
KEEP HANDS OFF
State Department Will Not Permit
Injustice to American Company.
Carefully Investigating Dispute, Over
the Pitch Lakes Concessions.
SENATORS AND ASSEMBLYMEN IN
THE CALIFORNIA LEGISLATURE
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
¦ — ' ¦ ¦ • •
8ACRAMEICTO, Jan. 6.— Following is a list of the Senators and Assemblymen composing the California Legislature,
together with their postofflce addresses:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; JANUARY 7, 1901.
YMEnST.
2
s
mnt!
lea.
'ame.
ress.
18 S. Francisco— S0-J2. John A. Hoey 85B Boardman place.. K
•19 S. FTancUco— 33-S5. R. J. Welch 1103 Tennessee R
20 Sr Francisco— S4-3«. F. W. Burnett 494 Valencia i..n
•218. Francisco— 37-38. B. I. "Wolfe '647 Baker ....R
22 3.' Francisco— 40-41. 8. M. Bettmari..... J1355 Post ..It
•23 8. Francisco— 31-33. J. O. Tyrrell '815 Hyde ..;... ...'....R
24 3. .Francisco— 42-43. n. P. Ashe J1127 Bush ..D
•25 S. Francisco— 44-43. J. II. Nelson 126 Pfeirteir R
26 Alameda — 18-49 F. W. Leavitt 'Oakland H
•27 Alameda— 60-31- R. O. Lukens ;. Oakland ...;... "...R
25 Alameda — 16-47 E. K. Taylor. Alameda; ..,'.. ....... H
•29 San Mateo, S. Cruz. J. D. Byrnes San Mated R
! 30 Santa Clara G. M. Shortrldge.. San Jose ...It
•31!Santa Clara I-ouls J. O'Neal.... San Jose ...It
32]Inyo, Tulare, Kinfrs H. L. Pace Tulare D
•S3iSan # Benlto, Mon- . .v . , . . "
| terey Thomas Flint Jr.. San Juan .R
34' S.L. Oblspo. Kern. 8. C. Smith Bakersfleld ........ R
•35;S. Barbara. Ventura C. B. Greenwell... Hueneme R
| 36!Los Angeles C. M. Simpson..... Pasadena R
•3TlLos Angeles Fred M. Smith Los Angeles .'"r
1 SSlLos Angeles A. T. Currier Spadra R
•S9iS a n Bernardino, ,
Riverside, OrangedA. A. Caldwell..... Riverside R
40'San Diego. !A. E. Nutt..' ! San" Diego .....' R
C
ET
r
I
(
Counties.
2Came.
p.
O. Address.
41|San Frandeco O. Butro 1536 Jackson D
42 San Francisco L. A. Henry 1203 Taylor ..; R
43 Saji Francisco M. W. Brady 212 Post R
44 San Francisco i. A. A. Cavagnaro.. 2219 Taylor D
45 San Francisco George C. Brown.. 228 Filbert R
46A|ameda J. G. Mattos Jr....lLlvermore It
4< Alameda J. R. Knowland... I Alameda ..R
4S Alameda J. M. Kelly 'Oakland H
49 Alameda D. F. Me Wade.... Oakland .. R
j>? A | anl «2 & J- A. Bliss.../.... Oakland .; R
f» Alameda N. K. Foster Oakland .'....R
£2 San Mateo H. W. Brown Colma R
63 Santa Crui a. o. Radclifr "Watsonvllls R
«f ant * £! ara EM Wri Kht San Jose D
HSanta Clara Geo. H. Anderson. San Jose R
oS Santa Clara George S. Walker.. Los" Gatos R
o. Stanislaus, Mercad. J. W. Haley Merced i D
SS Tuolumne and Mar- /¦
lposa N.C. Ray .,;. ,, ,, p
59?an Benlto William Hlgby..... Holllster '. *U
6C Alpine. Inyo, Mono. C. 11. Miller - d
61 Monterey F. P. Feliz Montere^ ." "d
62 Fresno W. F. Chandler iFowler R
esiFresno and Madera M. Simpson Academy, Fresno Co.D
64 Tulare and Kings.. R. II. Myers Hanfcrd Ji
65 Tula re H. Levlnson vtsalla ' r Y>
66 Kern J. W. P. I^alrd BakersHe-ld .'.'l>
67 San Lnls Oblspo.... W. M. John San L,uts Oblspo R
CS Santa Barbara C. W. Merritt Santa Barbara R
W Ventura R. M. Ciarke Ventura R
70 I>o» Angeles ..... W. S. Mellck.. Pacadena ..... .'. R
71 Los Angeles H. .A. Broughton... Pomona '. ". R
72 Los Angeles W. H. Savafre San Pedro R
73|L-<» Ange es F. James Los Anseles n
"4 Los Angeles C. W. Pendleton... Los Angeles .. n
7S Los Angele* H. C. Carter Los Angeles !r
76JOranfre D. W. Hasson Buena Park ... R
77 Riverside A. B. Jlillee Riverside P
7S San Bernardino G. H. G. Bennlnk.. Ontario . *""r
79 San Diego F. W. Barnes Pacific Beach ".'.'.'.'.'.'.' n
50 Fan Dlejto C. R. Stewart .. Xestor r
1
Counties.
Kama. ! P- O. Address.
I
*Dei
'Hut
Hui
;Teh
Shi
I N©rte. Slskiyou
mboldt
mboldt
r.ama and Trinity
irta and Modoo.
T J T Berry Crescent City R
M. P. Roberts lArcata R
B. H. McNeil • Rohnervllle R
H. S. Guis :Red Bluff ; K
J. A_ Hubbarfl (Anderson D
c<rtT\ Pliimns. Pi-
sRon. 4'iumas, ci-
'But
Tut
:m«
Coll
'Tol
N>T
PI*
El
¦Am
Son
;son
' SO 1 .!
rra
tte
ba eni gutter...
ndoclno
lusa, <"»'.<• r.n, Lake
lo
rada
icer ..............
Dorado— . ........
lador ..~...~....
ioma .............
loma .............
ra
a.no —
J. B. Irish Downlevllle R
B. Collins Forest Ranch R
L. Schllll* luba City R
! William Hanen |Polnt Arena- R
jT. J. Bheridaa 'Lakeport U
J. r. Chiles jDavlsvllle D
F. M. Rutherford..! Truckee R
iF. A. Duryea D
B. W. Irving I; ©
F. L. etewart 'lone R
F. A. Cromwell... .'Petaluma R
W. F. Cowan Pauta Rosa D
E. L. Webber ;Napa R
A. Anderson :6ulstm R
> Sac
Sac
Sac
;Mai
Cor.
i Pan
San
Cal;
San
San
-ramento
:raiafnto
•ramfrto ......~.
:r!n -
r.tra Costa-
i Joaquin.. —.....
i Joaculn ....
¦^l\*T.- c
¦l FYancJsco..
i Francisco
O L Johnson Sacramento R
L. F. Recber Sacramento D
W W Greer Union House R
J. " W. Atherton.... Novato R
A- Williams j D
F B. Dunlap Stockton R
F H. Klncald D
W C. Ralston 'Itoblnson Ferry R
C R. Franklin 6^5 Foisom R
J. F. Collins VI Harrison R
] n T McTjinrhHn.J D
,G. .1. Mcl>auBniin u
'.Tohn J. Hourlpan.. is lUncoid R
W J. Evatt 'e^.O Fourth R
IJohn Butler '2S2S Twenty-fourth... R
IF!. D. Kn'eht I7S1 Guerrero It
E. F. Tread well.. inA4 Dolores RJ
|W. J. Gullfoyl*»....'j31 Hill -- R|
(Arthur G. Flsk 7M Hayes Kl
B. Schleslnger |K4J Ellis R
F. D. Macbeth 'a Hyd« R
H. A. Bauer 1SC8 Geary R
CounUes.
Kama
P. O. Aidrest.
•liDel Xorte. Hum- ! '
boldt T. H. Selvage Eureka R
2 Sisklyou. f Shasta,
Modoc. Trinity.- L,
Lasses J. T. Laird Altura» K.
*i Plumaa, Sierra. N»-
I vada ~ J. R. Tyrrell Grats Valley R
4 Tehama and Butte. W. F. Maggard... Coming R
•6'EI Dorado. Placer. W. B. Lardner Auburn R
t'Tuba. Butter, Tolo. T\'. M. Cutter Marysville ......R
•TlLake and Xapa Robert Corlctt Napa .^.t &B
E'Mendocino. Colusa,
I Glenn J. XV. Goad Colusa D
•s'Solano J. J. Luchslnger. . . Vallejo It-
10 Sonoma J. C. 61ms Santa Rosa D
11 Contra Costa,Marin C. XI. Belshaw Antloch R
lT'StaniFlaus, Merced. • *, :
Tuolumna. Marl- "*» ". '
| posa |J. B. Curtln Sonera ..,. D
'IS Sacramento R. T. Devlin Sacramento R
niAmador. Calaveras,
I Alpine and Mono. J. F. Davis Jackson R
IS'San Joaquln A. E. Muenter Lathrop R
:6'Frefno and Madrra C. Rowell Fresno R
17 S. Frasdsco— 3-29. |j. M. Plunkett...., S18 Clementina U
1
Counties.
Kama. ! P- O. Address.
I
*Dei
'Hut
Hui
;Teh
Shi
I N©rte. Slskiyou
mboldt
mboldt
r.ama and Trinity
irta and Modoo.
T J T Berry Crescent City R
M. P. Roberts lArcata R
B. H. McNeil • Rohnervllle R
H. S. Guis :Red Bluff ; K
J. A_ Hubbarfl (Anderson D
c<rtT\ Pliimns. Pi-
sRon. 4'iumas, ci-
'But
Tut
:m«
Coll
'Tol
N>T
PI*
El
¦Am
Son
;son
' SO 1 .!
rra
tte
ba eni gutter...
ndoclno
lusa, <"»'.<• r.n, Lake
lo
rada
icer ..............
Dorado— . ........
lador ..~...~....
ioma .............
loma .............
ra
a.no —
J. B. Irish Downlevllle R
B. Collins Forest Ranch R
L. Schllll* luba City R
! William Hanen |Polnt Arena- R
jT. J. Bheridaa 'Lakeport U
J. r. Chiles jDavlsvllle D
F. M. Rutherford..! Truckee R
iF. A. Duryea D
B. W. Irving I; ©
F. L. etewart 'lone R
F. A. Cromwell... .'Petaluma R
W. F. Cowan Pauta Rosa D
E. L. Webber ;Napa R
A. Anderson :6ulstm R
> Sac
Sac
Sac
;Mai
Cor.
i Pan
San
Cal;
San
San
-ramento
:raiafnto
•ramfrto ......~.
:r!n -
r.tra Costa-
i Joaquin.. —.....
i Joaculn ....
¦^l\*T.- c
¦l FYancJsco..
i Francisco
O L Johnson Sacramento R
L. F. Recber Sacramento D
W W Greer Union House R
J. " W. Atherton.... Novato R
A- Williams j D
F B. Dunlap Stockton R
F H. Klncald D
W C. Ralston 'Itoblnson Ferry R
C R. Franklin 6^5 Foisom R
J. F. Collins VI Harrison R
] n T McTjinrhHn.J D
,G. .1. Mcl>auBniin u
'.Tohn J. Hourlpan.. is lUncoid R
W J. Evatt 'e^.O Fourth R
IJohn Butler '2S2S Twenty-fourth... R
IF!. D. Kn'eht I7S1 Guerrero It
E. F. Tread well.. inA4 Dolores RJ
|W. J. Gullfoyl*»....'j31 Hill -- R|
(Arthur G. Flsk 7M Hayes Kl
B. Schleslnger |K4J Ellis R
F. D. Macbeth 'a Hyd« R
H. A. Bauer 1SC8 Geary R
C
ET
r
I
(
Counties.
2Came.
p.
O. Address.
41|San Frandeco O. Butro 1536 Jackson D
42 San Francisco L. A. Henry 1203 Taylor ..; R
43 Saji Francisco M. W. Brady 212 Post R
44 San Francisco i. A. A. Cavagnaro.. 2219 Taylor D
45 San Francisco George C. Brown.. 228 Filbert R
46A|ameda J. G. Mattos Jr....lLlvermore It
4< Alameda J. R. Knowland... I Alameda ..R
4S Alameda J. M. Kelly 'Oakland H
49 Alameda D. F. Me Wade.... Oakland .. R
j>? A | anl «2 & J- A. Bliss.../.... Oakland .; R
f» Alameda N. K. Foster Oakland .'....R
£2 San Mateo H. W. Brown Colma R
63 Santa Crui a. o. Radclifr "Watsonvllls R
«f ant * £! ara EM Wri Kht San Jose D
HSanta Clara Geo. H. Anderson. San Jose R
oS Santa Clara George S. Walker.. Los" Gatos R
o. Stanislaus, Mercad. J. W. Haley Merced i D
SS Tuolumne and Mar- /¦
lposa N.C. Ray .,;. ,, ,, p
59?an Benlto William Hlgby..... Holllster '. *U
6C Alpine. Inyo, Mono. C. 11. Miller - d
61 Monterey F. P. Feliz Montere^ ." "d
62 Fresno W. F. Chandler iFowler R
esiFresno and Madera M. Simpson Academy, Fresno Co.D
64 Tulare and Kings.. R. II. Myers Hanfcrd Ji
65 Tula re H. Levlnson vtsalla ' r Y>
66 Kern J. W. P. I^alrd BakersHe-ld .'.'l>
67 San Lnls Oblspo.... W. M. John San L,uts Oblspo R
CS Santa Barbara C. W. Merritt Santa Barbara R
W Ventura R. M. Ciarke Ventura R
70 I>o» Angeles ..... W. S. Mellck.. Pacadena ..... .'. R
71 Los Angeles H. .A. Broughton... Pomona '. ". R
72 Los Angeles W. H. Savafre San Pedro R
73|L-<» Ange es F. James Los Anseles n
"4 Los Angeles C. W. Pendleton... Los Angeles .. n
7S Los Angele* H. C. Carter Los Angeles !r
76JOranfre D. W. Hasson Buena Park ... R
77 Riverside A. B. Jlillee Riverside P
7S San Bernardino G. H. G. Bennlnk.. Ontario . *""r
79 San Diego F. W. Barnes Pacific Beach ".'.'.'.'.'.'.' n
50 Fan Dlejto C. R. Stewart .. Xestor r
CounUes.
Kama
P. O. Aidrest.
•liDel Xorte. Hum- ! '
boldt T. H. Selvage Eureka R
2 Sisklyou. f Shasta,
Modoc. Trinity.- L,
Lasses J. T. Laird Altura» K.
*i Plumaa, Sierra. N»-
I vada ~ J. R. Tyrrell Grats Valley R
4 Tehama and Butte. W. F. Maggard... Coming R
•6'EI Dorado. Placer. W. B. Lardner Auburn R
t'Tuba. Butter, Tolo. T\'. M. Cutter Marysville ......R
•TlLake and Xapa Robert Corlctt Napa .^.t &B
E'Mendocino. Colusa,
I Glenn J. XV. Goad Colusa D
•s'Solano J. J. Luchslnger. . . Vallejo It-
10 Sonoma J. C. 61ms Santa Rosa D
11 Contra Costa,Marin C. XI. Belshaw Antloch R
lT'StaniFlaus, Merced. • *, :
Tuolumna. Marl- "*» ". '
| posa |J. B. Curtln Sonera ..,. D
'IS Sacramento R. T. Devlin Sacramento R
niAmador. Calaveras,
I Alpine and Mono. J. F. Davis Jackson R
IS'San Joaquln A. E. Muenter Lathrop R
:6'Frefno and Madrra C. Rowell Fresno R
17 S. Frasdsco— 3-29. |j. M. Plunkett...., S18 Clementina U
s
mnt!
lea.
'ame.
ress.
18 S. Francisco— S0-J2. John A. Hoey 85B Boardman place.. K
•19 S. FTancUco— 33-S5. R. J. Welch 1103 Tennessee R
20 Sr Francisco— S4-3«. F. W. Burnett 494 Valencia i..n
•218. Francisco— 37-38. B. I. "Wolfe '647 Baker ....R
22 3.' Francisco— 40-41. 8. M. Bettmari..... J1355 Post ..It
•23 8. Francisco— 31-33. J. O. Tyrrell '815 Hyde ..;... ...'....R
24 3. .Francisco— 42-43. n. P. Ashe J1127 Bush ..D
•25 S. Francisco— 44-43. J. II. Nelson 126 Pfeirteir R
26 Alameda — 18-49 F. W. Leavitt 'Oakland H
•27 Alameda— 60-31- R. O. Lukens ;. Oakland ...;... "...R
25 Alameda — 16-47 E. K. Taylor. Alameda; ..,'.. ....... H
•29 San Mateo, S. Cruz. J. D. Byrnes San Mated R
! 30 Santa Clara G. M. Shortrldge.. San Jose ...It
•31!Santa Clara I-ouls J. O'Neal.... San Jose ...It
32]Inyo, Tulare, Kinfrs H. L. Pace Tulare D
•S3iSan # Benlto, Mon- . .v . , . . "
| terey Thomas Flint Jr.. San Juan .R
34' S.L. Oblspo. Kern. 8. C. Smith Bakersfleld ........ R
•35;S. Barbara. Ventura C. B. Greenwell... Hueneme R
| 36!Los Angeles C. M. Simpson..... Pasadena R
•3TlLos Angeles Fred M. Smith Los Angeles .'"r
1 SSlLos Angeles A. T. Currier Spadra R
•S9iS a n Bernardino, ,
Riverside, OrangedA. A. Caldwell..... Riverside R
40'San Diego. !A. E. Nutt..' ! San" Diego .....' R
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD « KLLIS,
413 Front it., S. F. Phone Main 1713.
PRINT1NO.
E- G HUGHES. m bJSSS^b. r.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDI> CO..
IS First at.. San Franctsco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
roeggbta PARTRIDGE » SSJr*
first-class to New York, .via Pan-
ama. 'Three weeks through the tropics.
Tickets 330 Market 'street . ¦ . •
r;:;.To;Ciii» a Cold i in, One Bay
Take i Laxative Bromb- Quinine " Tablets.' . All'
drucgrlsts ¦ refund the money. -.If If falls : to cure.
B. W.'Grqv«'i elgaaturo Is on each box. 25c •
WBITE tin STEAM COAL. ZSg^Q
DIAMOND COAL &IIN1XG CO.. at tt» GREEM
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is th- Best Coal In tho
market. Office and Yards — CO Main street.
COPPERSMITH.
r W CX1ITH Eh'P Plumblnjr. Steamboat and
W« IT* JJHIU. ghip Work a specialty. 18 and
IS Washington tt. NTelcphone M*in £641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. -'**'•
I4S RftYFS£ffl Pnlpptac Butcbers. 104
JA5- DUIC3CWU- clay. Tel. Main m*.
COAL. COKE A-ND PIQ IRO*.
I f H'H SON ft f fi $0 ° Battery Street.
J.W- niLJUil « VU-. Telephone Main 1S64.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
DIRECTORY
AWeekFREEj^ §
Treatment and Medicine _>$,' &
FOR
Catarrh, Deafness, | §%|
NOISES IN EARS, %SW'
AND THROAT DISEASES gT^I
GIVES to shoir tho superior - -i§a •
578^.^ ! 5SJrS^fe if .W
treatment, that glv^a mar- f-fV .$gfiSl
v pious cures even after other fj
treatments fall. So ea*y a SS isSSr^
chim can use It; 300O tutlLJ^^
> al ipa ov»r 95 rK»r ri»nt cured, p jifcy^Agsyy '~^
Hundr«J» of indorsements. " ** r ' "•"¦*
Hut the brst way la to try It and be conv!nc°i
wbiif you can FREfc Writ* for literature or
call at once for FREE TREATMENT.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
SUTTER ST., N.W. Cor. Kauny.
Uoura— 9-02 a. m.. 1-3 and VS a. ra.SCENE OF THE FLOOD ON
TOWNSEND STREET YES
TERDAY.
been carried away in the flood. The
marshes below town are under water,
and fishers and hunters were kept at
home to-day. The rain will Ije generally
well received by the farmers. The moist
ure will encourage pasturage and grain
crops. The long rains will come as a
blersing to the big sugar beet crop of
Reclamation and greatly strengthen the
hay prospect.
STEADY DOW2TPOTJR
ABOUT SACRAMENTO
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 6.— The weather
has been showery here to-day; In fact, the
rain has fallen with very little intermis
sion, but there has been no wind to add
to the discomfort of people .out of doors.
Reports received at the railroad office
are to the effect' that rain has fallen
heavily in the mountains and all the
small streams are booming.
The Sacramento River at this point has
not been greatly affected, there having
been but one foot rise since yesterday
noon, the mark now being 21 feet.
The ground in this vicinity'ls now thor
oughly soaked, but the farmers have most
of their crops in. and in some places the
grain is from eight to ten Inches high.
SAN JOAQTJIN RIVER
IS RAPIDLY RISING
STOCKTON. Jan. 6.— The scattering
showers that have been falling since last
Friday developed into a heavy rain early
this morning. With the exception of brief
intermissions the precipitation has con
tinued during the day, and at 7 p. m.
shows no indication of cessation. About
.£5 of an Inch has fallen to-day, which
makes a total of 1.25 for the month and
8.00 for the season, against 10.54 last sea
son. ¦
The water In the San Joaquin River at
the San Joaquin bridge is 7 feet 6 inches
in depth, an increase of about 1 foot 6
inches during the last twenty-four hours.
The high -water or danger mark is 1G feet.
SWEPT TO DEATH
IN SWOLLEN STREAM
JAMESTOWN, Jan. 6.— The storm dur
ing, the past twenty-four hours has con
tinued uninterruptedly, the rainfall
amounting to 2.62 inches. Owing to wash
outs on the line of the Sierra Railway be
tween this place and Oakdale the railway
officials announce the holding' of the reg
ular passenger train there to-night. '¦ All
the -streams are bank full, and those who
attempt to cross at the usual fords do so
at their peril. But one casualty is re
ported. Mrs. Bennett, "with two children,
attempted to ford Sullivan Creek this
morning en route to Sonora in a light rig.
The buggy was found overturned a mile
below against the bridge. Searching par
ties were unable to find the bodies when
darkness set In. >>- V
PTRST THROUGH TRAIN
. , ARRIVES AT PORTXAND
PORTLAND, Jan. 6.— The Southern Pa
cific Railway, which has been blockaded
by a snow storm in - the , Slskiyou moun
tains for the past four days, is again
clear and the officials anticipate no f urth-
STORM A BOON
TO MEN IN ALL
WALKS OF LIFE
A steady downpour of rain
throughout the greatsr por
tion of the State has relieved
the minds of farmers, stock
raisers and miners, who have
been -watching- the heavens for
some time past. On the higher
altitudes there was an abun
dant fall of snow, which, as it
melts in the spring will sup
ply water to miners. All tho.
northern streams are swollen
and many creeks are impass
able at J fording places. The
parched "south has received a
share, but in the .extreme
southern portion of the State
the farmers, like Oliver Twist,
"want some more." Taken all
in all, the storm, which has
kept a few disgruntled pleas
ure-seekers indoors, has been
of inestimable ' value to the
State. According to the weath
er sharps, it is practically over,
but another like it would
be welcomed in many sections.
er trouble. The first through train from
San Francisco since Thursday arrived at
8:25 this morning. The officials announce
all trains will leave and arrive on time
to-morrow, v
Special Dispatch to The Call.
jjAPA., J an - 6 -~ The case °* W - H- JSiTa 
bert in which he was seeking to be de
clared sane in the Superior Court of this
county, came to an end late yesterday
afternoon, and Judge Ham remanded
Lambert back to the Napa asylum. The
trial has occupied four days in hearing
the evidence. Lambert was committed to
the Napa Institution from Solano County
several years ago. He had Improved so
far as to be let out on parole, and for six
months past he has been working on his
farm near , Fairfleld. A month or so ago
he applied for a writ of habeas corpus to
be declared sane| following the same legal
steps as those taken in the Hugh
chanan case.
Lambert'H wife opposed his release, and
a stubborn fight was made in court. The
witnesses who testified for Lambert said
they believed him sane, and that his wife
was the cause of hie fccliio' committed to
After Having Been Out on Parole
for Six Months He
Must Go Back to
Napa.
PHYSICIANS DECLARE
LAMBERT INSANE
PETALUMA, Jan. 6.— The rainstorm
that has visited this section the^past few
days still continues. Over two inches and
a half of rain have fallen and the country
Is drenched. The Petaluma Creek, fed by
numerous mountain streams, Is over Its
banks, and the lower parts of this city
are flooded. Wharves and bulkheads are
damaged by the flow, and considerable
lumber and other personal property has
MT7CH MARSH LAND
IS UNDER WATER
SAX DIEGO. Jan. 6.— Rain, which has
been threatening all day, commenced fall
ing at dark, but so lightly that it is feared
it will not do the amount of good which
the threatening skies of the past two
days gave ground for hope. A downpour
of two or three Inches is what is needed
to bring out the crops, which are In sore
need. Last month w«.s the first December
ever passed here, at least since records
were kept in -which no rain fell, and an
eight or nine Inch fall this month would
not come amiss. The prediction is for rain
during the night and to-morrow, and It
will be more than welcome. Three years
with a shortage of rain has left the
ground In such condition that it would
take weeks of rain before the people and
the earth would cry enough.
SAN DIEGO'S CEY.
IS STILL "MORE RAIN"
SAN JOSE, Jan. 6.— The storm which
opened last Thursday has not yet spent
Itself, for the rain is still falling, though
lightly. There were heavy showers dur
ing the day and reports from different
parts of the valley show that the late
wetting xias been a thorough one. .Not
for many years has the rainfall for the
early part of the season been so heavy
and so satisfactory. Every shower has
come at the right time and the ground
has received the thorough soaking which
it fo badlv needed. The orchardists and
farmers are in high spirits over the out
look. No irrigation will probably be
needed . this year. While all the streams
are running high, there is no present dan
ger of overflow or damage. Total for
storm, 3.10 inches; for season, 11.25 inches.
IRRIGATION WILL
NOT BE NECESSARY
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 6.— Rain ha
been falling steadily here for the
past forty-ejght hours and a feel
ing of relief possesses the erow
ers of citrus fruit as the downpour
ends for the year all fear of a killing frost
to their product. Throughout Southern
California the rain has done much pood,
relieving orchardists of the burden of ir
rigating and enabling ranchers generally
to begin their plowing earlier than usual.
Merchants anticipate much good from the
downpour.
Reports from the surrounding country
indicate that the rain will be especially
beneficial on account of Its timeliness and
gentleness. Every drop will soak Into the
soil and there has been no high wind to
dry the ground off too rapidly and reduce
the- benefit.
Backbone of Long Drought in the South
Is Broken and Citrus Fruits Which
Were Endangered by Frost Are Safe
Certificates Issued.
KAPA. Jan. 6.— The County Board of
Education here Saturday issued certifi
cates to the following named persons as
teachers: Primary grade. Lulu Hayman
and Martha Cole; grammar grade, Fanny
M. Erb. Kathryn Daly and TillJe. Israel
fky. Julius L. Weyand, who fought at
ihe- battle of " Santiago, was granted a
»oecial ccrtlflcata In music.
SAX JOSE. Jan. 6.— The grocery store of
Alderman P. Hanson on the Alameda, near
Phelan avenue, was totally destroyed by
fire at an early hour tms moraine. The
fire originated in the rear of the store,
where some coal oil was stored, but Its
origin is a mystery. Alderman S. Han
fon'e loss is $2U00 with $1000 Insurance. The
building was owned by A. Benson, whose
loss is $1000, insured for about one- third.
Grocery Store Destroyed.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 6.-George Klupt.
a. cleric in the postofflce, was shot three
times and killed late last night by a foot
pad at the corner of Fourth and Mont
gomery streets. Klupt was on his way
hom», and it is supposed that when or
dered to throw up his hands he resisted.
The murderer escaped.
Man at Portland.
Oeorg* IQu.pt Killed by an Unknown
SHOT BY A FOOTPAD.
EOUTHEELN PACIFIC
BLOCKADE BROKEN
ASHLAND, Or., Jan. 6. — The weather
has been clear and cold to-day In all tho
territory covered by the unprecedented
Fnowetorm of the past three days In
Southern Oregon and Northern California
and the blockade on the Southern Pacific
Railroad has been effectively broken.
Five hundred men are at work clearing
the road where the elides occurred south
nf Dunsmuir. on the Sacramento division,
nnd the rotary enow plow went south to
day to clear all sidings between Ashland
and Dunsnaulr.
SALIXAS. Jan. 6.— Monterey County in
peneral, and Salinas and vicinity in par
ticular, has been visited by the heaviest
c«» well a:s the most copious rain storm
of the season. It has been raining here
for the past twenty-four hou;r almost
continually. In the lower portion of the
county the precipitation Is greater than
here. At King: City and San Lucas it Is
especially heavy- The prospects for the
coming season's crops are most propitious.
Fallnas River and other streams are badly
swollen.
IGOKTEUEY COUNTY
GETS ITS SHABE
The woman was on her •way from the
Oitbolic orphan asylum to San Rafael,
fmd had entered the tunnel and proceeded
fome yards within when the train entered
t!:e other side. She became confused for
a moment, ar.d although she could have
ftepped to one Fide of the track and been
fife she tried to scale a high rafter and
fd] back on the track, and was thrown
with terrific force by the locomotive
p.rair.st the side of the tunnel. Th» train
*u proceeding elowly or she would have
U-cn instantly killed. The extent of her
hrfvriea are a compound fracture of both
bones of the right lesr between the knee
rnd ankle, fracture of two ribs on the
licht side, fracture of the hip and shoul
oer on the right side and bruises external
find internal. T?ie woman exonerates the
jailro«d company, and this afternoon
<"hief Engineer Zook of the railroad at
tended her here and provided for her med
ical attendance.
PETALt'MA, Jan. C— Mrs. Mary Mc-
Daniels. the woman who was struck by
the late train of the Donohue line in the
tunnrl this side of San Rafael last night
end broug-ht *o the "Washington Hotel in
this city for attention, will probably not
recover. Dr. Proctor, the attending" phy
ficlan. said to-day that there was little
hope for her recovery.
"WAY ZZOT EECOVEO.
Serious.
Injuries to Mrs. Mclteniels Very
Legislature Requested to Hold Ap
propriate Exercises.
PAX DIEGO. Jan. €.— One of the early
memorials to be presented to the Legis
lature after the opening of the session
v.-ill be that of the bar associations of
San Francisco, Ix>s Armeies and San
r>ieso. in part as follows:
. We rerpectfully petition that appropriate ex
erri«*>s may be held on the 4th day cf Febru
erv. 1S01. at the capital, under the auepio«?»
at the Governor and your honorable bodies to
cb«*rve -John Marshall day," set apart in
rorr.memoration of the lOCth anniversary of
John Marshall'! Induction into thr office of
<~h!ef Justiee of tlie Huj<r»-Trie Court of the
T'r.ited Sirnxn*. -»-hloh office he adorned for one
third of the century just closed. We do not
neM to call your attention to the eminent *er
vices of John Marsha!!, cne of the most dix
t'.neru!*hed statesmen e.na the jrreatest Jurist
th'.s country has produced. Other of the fath
ers may have laid the foundation for the re
r"t*1e. but John Marshall was the architect
(T On Euxrretructure. and a centennial anni
vcrrary v.-lll sent to recall the example of a
rr^-at but simple life and «rer.gth«a the re
rpect for constituted roverr.mer.t and th» do
ne!n p? lav. For thin reason the President of
toe i nited States ha* r*ccminer.<>d to Ccn-
Frers the observance of the day. and prepara
tions are belnt made to celebrate Jt In the
various States of the Union, and for this rea
rr,n vre respectfully ripest that your honcr
eble bodies take tech measures as will insure
a fitting- recognition cf the day on the part of
the State cf California.
The memorial is slsnert bv C. "W. Slack
of Han Francisco, Jchn D. Works cf Los
Angeles and David L. Withlngton cf San
rMc-g? for their respective associations.
T\\f local bar association will hold ap
propriate exercises at the opera-house and
trtU indulge in a banquet in the evening.
XH" MEMOSY OF TYTATtRTTAT.T.
Foodstuffs are scarce in Pekinir. and
Prince Chine has requested all Manchu
office's in the neighboring: provinces to
contribute to a fund for purchasing rice
for the- people of Peking
TACOMA. Jan. 6.^-Orfental news re
ceived to-day by the Bteamer Tacoma is
to the effect that a crisis is Imminent in
FhancJ, where cannibalism is being prac
ticed to provide relief against famine.
Food has been so scarce, especially in
Hsian province, that the inhabitants have
had to resort to eating tree leaves and
roots. In the hilly districts recourse is
now had to eating- strangers who appear
in the neighborhood. A number of natives
have thus been cut up and eaten. In'
obedience to the Empress Dowaper's re
cent edict the granaries of Hsian have
l^en opened, but' owir.fr to the dishonesty
ot previous gTanary officials there Is only
a small reserve of rice and wheat anl !c
cannot last longer than February L
Ijar^e portions of Shansi and Honan
provinces also suffered from drought this
yzr, making it impossible to replenish the
food stores for soir.e time. Sufferings
throurhcut Sh*n?i an 1 the most harrow
ing, that province having: experienced
famine and d'-^'j^ht for four consecutive
Fonpcns. To make matters worse, the
rrrprrss Downper. the court and 50,000
rrfiipees have cGrrse into Shansi and must
Y'" rrovided for. Food is now so scarce
i!-st even the visiting- court officials are
Rfr-eted.
Sj»eclal Dispatch to The Call.
Food Is Very Scarce in Peking and
a Famine Is Feared in
the Chinese Cap-
IMPERIAL GRANARIES EMPTY
Cannibalism Now Prevalent
in the "Province ol
SbansL
STARVINB MEN
FEED ON FLESH
OF COMPANIONS
Appetite of One Is Noticeably In
¦' -¦ creased and He Declares Ho Is
' Feeling Fine.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.— Steady Improve
ment was s noted ; to-day in ¦ the ; condition
of ; Henry W. . Beerman . and John Raney,
aged' men seeking strength in the glycero
phosphate'-, of 'sodium, treatment. .The'r
third injection was given this morning.
It i is thought C that It will be definitely
known by next Saturday whether the rem
edy: will have any beneficial effects.
:¦¦¦ Dr. | Robin, who administered the salt to
Abram S. Hewitt with much success,.In
formed the 3 medical fraternity ¦ that tho
work of ; the .week would ¦ tell .whether or
not ' the remedy - would " have any effect
upon a patient' In many, cases the use
of the solution has no apparent result.
:Beerman,_wb.o wan 83 years old to-day,
had ; symptoms whjch indicated ithat the
solution I was beginning to make its pres
ence felt In his system.' He said ' that he
SALT* CUBE HELPING
TWO AGED PATIENTS
IRVINGTON. Jan. 6.-A ' fight in the
Washington school district Board of Trus
tees over the appointment of a principal
of the Irvington Grammar School has "led
to the resignation of Trustee H. B. Ford;
who was outvoted by Trustees Mark
Lyon and J. E. Wamsley.' . -
The majority of the board refused . to
reappoint A. \V. Sanford. the incumbent,
and named for principal Frank Reynolds
an Irvington young man, who recently,
took a course at the San ..Jose Normal
School and studied a year at Stanford
University. ¦ * . t : . ¦. .
Principal Sanford refused to make ap
plication for reappointment, having served
here for two and a' half years. 1 He told
his friends that if the •: Trustees desired
further service from him - they, could re
elect_him. The retiring principal was
formerly In charge of* schools .at Sunol
and at Pleasanton.. '...,•
COULD NOT AGREE ON
A SCHOOL - PRINCIPAL
Mrs. Ruff denies this..- Her^ story ap
pears to be a straight One,*', and many are
,now; taking ; her. side ' of- the story. ?•;¦¦ ;
; Sheriff i Langf ord, ., who ' has worked dili
gently In the matter, believes the fire .was
accidental,- and resulted probably from I a
. SAN - JOSE, Jan. . 6.— The investigation
Into the; burning of, the Ruff 'home, in
which, foiirchlldren lost their lives, is re-,
ceiving the undivided ¦ attention of .-:. the
Sheriff's ¦ office.' The:; four ; Ruff > brothers
andValdez.'.who were arrested for. arson,
a.nd | Mrs. ; Ruff, continue^ to tell contradic
tory stories. Valdez and {Carl Ruff, who
charged : the ¦ stepmother /with ; the burning
of the house and the death of the children,
think ; Mrs. ; Ruff; set [the- house on ¦• fire.
"When closely; questioned. about their sus
picion ¦ they ; can V give ;•. no ¦ well i founded
ground - for ' It.".? Valdez ) believes ) Mrs; . Ruff
was outside when : he ¦' and * the husband
rushed to the fire from the barn. :
Special Dispatch. to The Call.
interior Motives May Have . Caused
Her . . Arresi on : Charges
of Arson and
Muider.
MRS. RUFF TELLS
A STRAIGHT STORY
the asylum- This Mrs. Lambert denied
on the witness stand, although she ap
peared In court with her attorney and op
posed the release of her husband most
vigorously. \ •
Drs. Gardner and Stice gave evidence to
the effect that Lambert was Insane. Some
of the evidence taken was behind closed
doors. To the average observer Lambert
would be passed as a sane person, but
the physicians who testified at the trial
say he is not, and they would not dis
charge him as cured.
Alexander McAdie, the forecast official
has a hunch on the storm king's doings
and is correspondingly happy. .Guessing
weather as a rule is a severe strain on
gasoline stove or a can of gasoline. These
charges of arson and murder he thinks
are the result of a family row. The stop
i ping of the payment of the Insurance In
curred the enmity of her husband's broth
ers, . and when she refused to yield they
had the complaint sworn to. -
- Besides the Insurance, it has developed
that the brothers ; and husband tried to
secure possession : of some money Mrs.
Ruff had In Germany.
Conrad Ruff, the husband, will be close
ly < watched and questioned, for it is be
lieved if there was incendiarism at all
he must -have known about it.
THE Bevere rains of yesterday to
tally flooded Townsend street,
between Seventh and Eighth.
Mrs. Fabian, who owns a shanty
near the tracks of the Southern
Pacific, narrowly escaped drowning, and
was only rescued by Police Officer Harry
O'Day, who had to enlist the services of
several citizens. The aged woman was
eventually conveyed to terra tlrma by a
railroad engine.
The water began to rise about 8 o'clock
in the morning through the sewer pipes
in that locality being too small to drain
such a volume of It. Inch by inch the
flooded district began to Increase in size.
The most exposed spot was the cottage
of Mrs. Fabian. At one time there was
a depth of four feet in her modest domi
cile. The old lady decided that she would
not leave her home until the water had
reached the limit. She made a temporary
landing stage out of her kitchen table.
'Jjtie parlor chairs were also pressed Into
service. . *
About this time Police Officer O'Day de
cided that if the old woman did not come
out of her house that she would soon be
the recipient of floral wreaths made in
designs of broken wheels and gates ajar.
Donning gum boots O'Day waded out to
the house and seizing her bodily carried
her to a railroad engine upon which she
was taken to dry land. The old woman
was frantic that she should be compelled
to leave her house. She became so hysteri
cal that she» was taken to the" Receiving
Hospital, where she was put to bed and
her clothes dried. She pleaded to be al
lowed to go back home,- but her request
¦was. refused, as the police were afraid
that she might wade back to the house
and possibly be arowned.
Mrs. Fabian is a widow and has lived
In the cottage more than thirty years.
Recently the Southern Pacific Company
has disputed her right to the property.
She has a strong sense of protecting her
own rights, and it appears that nobouy
has yet ventured to invade her house and
attempt to eject her. She is the sister
ln-law of George H. Foulks, a lawyer con
nected with the Southern Pacific law de
partment. The aged woman has support
ed herself and only child, a. little girl, by
gathering mushrooms.
During the flood Chief Outside Deputy
McGillvray of the Board of Public Works
had a force of men busy doing all in their
power to arrest the progress of the In
vading waters. McGillvray stated that
the cause of the miniature sea was the
small size of the drain pipes in that lo
cality, and that the same trouble would
occur at all times unless something was
done In the way of putting down larger
pipes.
The basement of the Long Syrup and
Refining Company's warehouse and the
barroom of the North German -House were
submerged for several hours, but the
damage is nominal. Sergeant Wolf and a
squad | of police officers were kept busy
keeping back a large crowd of people at
tracted to the scene.
, . ,.-.. m
BIO STORM WAVE
. IS EASTWARD BOUND
Makes an Agreement With the Kos
mos Company Whereby It Is
Admitted.
BERLIN, Jan. 6.— The Kosmos line has
entered into an agreement with the Ham
burg-American line admitting the latter
to the iwest coast of America, under lead
ership of the KosmiSs line.
- Dairyman Breaks His -Leg.
OAKLAND, Jan. I—Arthur Croyxer
driver for Innis* dairy, misaed his footing
this morning while stepping on his wagon
in Alameda and broke his left leg, sustain
ing a compound fracture of both bones
which was reduced at the Receiving Hoi
pitaL Croyzer resides In Alameda.
HAMBURG- A TWERIC AN LINE
TO PLY TO THIS COAST
prophecy, but McAdie has things down
to where he can put on his overshoes
and every one gets out their umbrellas
and rubbers even though the sun be shin
ing, with the assurance of having use for
them before night. The storm which has
made things so uncomfortable for the
urban citizen and s?o good for the farmer
for the last few days has proved like
modeling wax In Mr. McAdle's prophetic
hands, and there was Joy in the weather
bureau last night when the reports of the
storm that came back, just as the Mills
building prophet said it would, were be
ing received.
The storm started at 5 o'clock yesterday
morning and continued in a steady down
pour until about that hour in the even
ing, with the result that 1.75 inches of
cloud Juice brought the season's rainfall
up to 10.84, which Is thought very credit
able, the record for last season being 13.66.
The rain was at times one of the heaviest
ever known in this city. From 12 m. until
ten minutes after that hour .16 of an inch
fell, making every gutter a miniature tor
rent. In many of the low-lying districts
of the city the water drained from "the
hillside until, in the Mission particularly,
the inhabitants thought of the deluge.
All over the country toward the south
rain was still falling last night, but with
altogether beneficent effects. Hardly
enough has fallen yet in -the Sacramento
Valley to cause much of a rise in the
rivers. At Marysville last night the river
was carrying fourteen flet of water, but
the danger line is nineteen feet, so the
dwellers along its banks need feel no
anxiety. In the Sierra it Is snowing, which
should prove good news to the mining
men. The snowfall la heaviest from the
center of the State to the southern portion
thereof. , Nevada, too. is getting its share
of the general downfall.
The storm which did all this was the
same that played an engagement here in
the middle of the week. Jt was, as Mc-
Adie predicted, forced out to sea by high
pressure, but yesterday it managed to get
ashore again, and now It is going east,
they say at the Weather Bureau. It
wanted to go east before, but high pres
sure over the Rockies prevented it getting
across, and it had perforce to stay on the
coast. Now the high pressure shows signs
of weakening and the storm is hastening
to press 'on Its advantage and get through.
It is not likely, therefore, that there will
be much need for umbrellas, as a parting
sprinkle last night was probably the
storm's farewell. McAdie says, however,
that It may be only au revolr, bo it be
hooves one to watch out for squalls.
To San Luis Obispo fall yesterday's
pluvian. laurels; 4.54 of rain in twenty
four hours fell In that locality, and floods
are general. Whether with any loss of
life or serious damage is not known. In •
Red Bluff the lightest rainfall was re
corded, it being .26 of an inch. Sacra
mento and Fresno had .78 of an inch and
.48 of an inch respectively.
A peculiarity of yesterday's storm is
that there was "little or no wind with it.
Late last evening reports .were not yet In
from Washington and Oregon, as they
have^to come by way of Chicago. This
interferes with reliable prophecy, as the
center of theTBtorm lies in those States,
and it Is Impossible to predict accurately
without knowing every phase of the
storm's career. Deputy Prophet Wilson
said last night, however, that the storm
was eastward bound and unless it collides
with some high pressure before It Is well
away, San Francisco has seen the last of
It* ' * '-' - . ¦
had "slight pains in his bones." This was
regarded as a favorable sign by the phy
sician In charge of the men at the private
Institution where they are now treated.
He said that when the remedy began to
exercise Its Influence upon the system the
patient complained of the pains of which
Beerman spoke. This condition, he said,
had been noted by Dr. Robin and by other
well-known physicians who had made a
study of the treatment.
Beerman said later in the afternoon that
the pain had disappeared and that he
never felt better In his life. He was rest
ing well last right. During the day he
pad been in good spirits and -had eaten
three good meals. Physicians who had
charge of Beerman for three months be
fore the present treatment was begun said
the man s appetite had been very poor. •
On Puffing Locomotive Aged Mrs. Fabian Is
Carried in Triumph but Against Her
Earnest Protests to a Place of Safety
SAN JOSE, Jan. 6.— The general com
mittee of Odd Fellows of this city hate se
lected the White tract of 100 acres on the
Alum Rock road as a site for the Odd
Fellows' Home, and If the land can be
purchased It will be offered free to the
Grand Lodge at Its next meeting.
Site for Odd Fellows' Home.
FRESNO, Jan. 6.— The storm which haa
prevailed during the last three days is
now apparently at an end, though the sky
Is still overcast with clouds. About an
Inch of rain has fallen and the benefit to
the farmers of Fresno and Madera coun
ties will be large. Grain ranchers are
optimistic concerning their prospect for
the coming year. They claim that a gtxxl
crop has always been produced under Ilka
conditions In the past. The sheep and cat
tle men are also happy, as the late ra'n
assures them an increase of forage on the
ranges and consequently more fat cattle
for the market. The fruit grower* are
also satisfied with the outlook.
GRAIN AND CATTLE
RAISERS OPTIMISTIC
Deputy Constable Takes the Human
Chattel ~ a Train at Mid
night and She Is Driven
Away.
Special Dispatch to The Call
FRESNO, Jan. 6.— At about 12 o'clock
last night two wily Chinese outwitted
Miss Cameron, superintendent of the
Presbyterian mission at San Francisco In
her efforts to free a Chinese slave grtrl.
Some days ago Miss Cameron learned
from a Christian Chinaman of Bakers
fleld that there was a girl kept as a slave"
In a house of ill-fame In that city who
wanted to go to the mission. Miss Cam
eron left San Francisco for Bakersfleld
Friday, and on Saturday, by arrangement,
met the girl outside of the house In which
she was kept. She hastened away with
her and took the overland polng north.
Fresno Chinese were evidently notified
of the affair, for -when the train arrived
In this city at midnight a deputy Con
stable named Rapeljl, armed with a war
rant issued by City Recorder Cosgrave
on the complaint of one Charles Gong, en
tered the cars and commenced a search of
the berths in the sleeper for the Chinese
girl. Coming to the section occupied by
Miss Cameron find her charge the girl
was taken Into custody. Ignoring the re
quest of Miss Cameron that she be given
time to dress and accompany them, the
Chinese girl was bundled into a hack and
was gone. Miss Cameron then visited the
Jail and police headquarters, but no In
formation could be obtained. Subsequent
ly it has been learned that the girl was
released on bail furnished by the Chinese.
Charlie Gong, the complainant, charged
that the e!rl was his -wife and had stolen
valuable property from him.
Miss Cameron will stay in Fresno and
j attempt to And the girl and secure tht
¦ punishment of her abductors. Eminent
counsel has been retained, and no effort
will be spared to obtain Justice. City
Recorder Cosgrave will Issue a warrant
for the arrest of Charlie Gone on the
charge of perjury.
Secure the Custody ol a
Slave Girl on a
Warrant.
PRESENT LOCATION UNKNOWN
MISS CAMERON
OUTWITTED BY
WILY CHINESE
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1901.
BOUNTEOUS RAINS PREVAIL THROUGHOUT STATE,
CHEERING THOUSANDS OF FARMERS AND ORCHARDISTS,
WHO NOW FEEL ASSURED OF A GOOD HARVEST
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The fruit of evil resulted from the eat-
log of the first apple by the first pair •"
Ess I^j5 BR Sq| W3 ¦ Hi •
RADWAY'9 READY RELIEF has stooj
unrivaled before ths public for SO years a* a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sora Throats, Influenza. Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache* and all pain. ' Internally
for Malaria, and all Bowel Palna. Ait druxaiat*-
4fifiP§£gw ONE PHDCC
/*\jig§|ek BOTTLE LUnto
/ MCBURNEY'S
WA t*V A thorough cure tot
V Jk BHICHT'S DISEASE,
. 24 r/^ femala troubles, incon-
tinence ot urine, brie* dnst deposits, bed-
wetting of children, gravel, gall utoaes,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism-
FOR SALE AT
THE OWL DRUO CO.. 1123 Market «t-
AND AT
DAHLBENDER DRUO CO.. 214 Kearny *t..
Send 25c In 2c stamps to W. F. McBurney.
418 S. SpriDB at.. Loa Anicelea. Cal.. for 5
days' treatment. Prepaid H 50. Druggists.
JB9± VIM, VIGOR. VITALfTY for MEM
JBHr^&k. MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
£*£&, H[ have beta in us* over £lrt
KpynfiKlnlM year» by th» leaders of th»
SfWgfiL/Scl Mormon Church and their fol-
nEy&wftXn lowers. Positively cures th*
w <"*st cases in old and younc
W ttl O flKf arlslns from effects of t«lt-
w^M£Yx<t3r abuse, dlaitnatlot}. excesses or
cigarette-sinoictne. Cures Lc*t
Manhood. Impot?ncy, Lotit
ASHES' Power. Nltht Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains la Back. Bvil Desires. Um» Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. ITnfitnesa to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, gm Varicocel* or Con-
¦tipttlon. Stops N» O ffJ rvous Twltchlns
of Eyelids. Effects rCJTL ft re immediate.
Impart viror and cenxw potency to er»ry
function. Don't t;et deaponflent: a cur» is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped orcana.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers: 50c %
box; I for J2 SO by mall. A written guarantee to
cur* or money refunded with s boxes. Circular*
free. Addrea. BISHOP REMEDT CO., W Ellt.
St.. Ban Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUO CO..
IS and. 40 Third it.
|Bea\itifulC*/\
ITvtfted I*/ I
I COUCH
* Steel-tempered springs, upholstered |l
i with nice figured velour. ill
i Special Reductions in |
!) every department, jj
* Houses furnished complete— estl— J
mates cheerfully given. Country
trade a specialty. Free delivery j
within 20O miles on $25 worth and 1
. CASH opjCRBDIT. j
< T. Brilliant Fnrnilnre Co., ji
fi| OPEN EVENINGS. j
& 338-342 POST ST., &£„. f
& ¦ JIt is to*be hoped the Legislature will bt- sufficiently
under-ihe influence of the sentiment of the time to
get through its work without putting a cloud on the
first year of the century.
General Kitchener has reported from South Africa
th2t "the enemy are few but very mobile." He might
have been more frank in describing the embarrassing
situation in which he finds himself by saying that he
has made the discovery that "he is not so many."
The gentleman whose only claim to notoriety rests
in the fact that he is to marry the Queen of Holland
has become highly indignant because the Queen's
subjects will not settle upon him an. annual fortune.
He must have some strictly original notions on the
duties of people to provide for paupers.
Local trade presented no new features last week.
Wheat went up and «1own with Chicago.* There was
largely increased activity in oil stocks on the Oil Ex
change, with a marked tendency toward higher price3.
Local securities of all descriptions were quiet and
featureless. Farm and industrial staples showed little
charge, and the week passed with no commercial oc
n:rrences worthy of especial mention. The copious
rain came at the right time and did a great deal of
jrood. We are deficient in rainfall thus far this sea
son, but there is still plenty of time to catch up to
the normal. As it is, with occasional rains from now
en. we have received enough to preserve us from a
IKisitive dry year. Farmers, however, report that the
ground is quite dry several feet below the surface,
which is not a desirable condition for fruit trees.
Wall street generally maintained a good tone in the
fare of disturbing events in London, where the great
mining collapse, renewed bad news from South
Africa and the advancing of the discount rate of the
Bark of England from 4 per cent to 5 discomposed
matters generally. The advance in the bank rate was
<!ue to the reduction of the bank's reserve to 27^ per
rent of its liabilities, the lowest point touched in a
generation. Toward the close of the week heavy
•¦ealizing for London account proved a disquieting
factor, and the last two or three days were distin
guished by irregularity, some lines of stock being
weak and heavy and others firm. Trading on Friday
was the heaviest ever known, amounting to 1,837,000
shares, and there was considerable excitement in the
Northwestern railroads, led by St. Paul.
There was no particular change in the staples. There
was a rise in wheat, accompanied by heavy buying,
but it was soon found that the flurry' was entirely
speculative, and this discovery led to distrust and a
subsequent reaction .'oward lower prices, though the
market did not fall back as low as the starting point.
Wool continued dull, though outside of the United
States the situation is teported stronger. Cotton was
quiet and not materially changed. There was a rise
in cured meats on the Chicago Board of Trade. A
war broke out in ruDber goods and quotations were
cut. The feature of :he iron trade was the increased
movement in steel rails, several large sales, among
lhem 25.000 tons to Chicago, being reported. The
boot and shoe trade was reported in fair condition,
though uneven distribution of orders among the dif
ferent factories was remarked.
r\ CCORDING to the weekly bank clearings busi
/ \ ness was decidedly more active throughout the
* country last week. The gain over the corre
sponding week in 1900 was 29.5 per cent, and, with
the exception of Baltimore, the fourteen largest cities
showed an increase, that at New York being 42.1 per
cent. This latter gain, however, was largely caused
by active speculation in Wall street and the payment
of January dividends, so it hardly shows that amount
of increase in legitimate merchandising. The gain at
Pittsburgh which is genuine, as it represents the con
dition of the iron and steel trades, was 36.9 per cent.
The more commercial cities gained, while the decrease
was generally confined to those cities whose trade is
limited and of a local character. The failures were
266, against 22Q for the corresponding week in 1000.
LAST WEEK'S BUSINESS.
A GAY SEASON is promised at Hotel del
Coronado. ; Corbnado, : : Cal.,"- thla : with a
Jolly houseful," an expert golf tournament, me*t
ln» of fl*ld trials 'club,; hunting, fishing, boat
lmt. dancing. ' etc. V ¦
IiOST PROPERTY— C.E., Oakland, Cal.
It Is the duty of the finder of lost property
In California to make an effort to discover
the owner. If the property is worth $10
the finder la entitled to only a reasonable
eum for the care of the same. The prop
erty must be advertised according to law,
and if at the end of Blx months there is
no claimant and the property does not ex
ceed $20 in value it vests in the. finder; if
it is worth more than S20 then, if no claim
ant appears • within a year, the i property
vestB in. the finder;. but if a claimant ap
pears and proves - property the finder » la
entitled only to reasonable charges and
fees of officers, employed in finding the
owner. v : |'. t ;>-; . \ -' ]
A POEM WANTED— C.. A., City. The
poem entitled "A' Penny for Your
Thoughts, Dear," Is not in the published
collections' to- be found in the libraries.
Can any reader of thlB department inform
the Inquirer In what publication It can be
found? If so. give only the name of the
publication. ¦ ¦ - ' ¦
DIAMONDS— Subscriber, City. The best
way to - clean diamonds Is to wash them
in soft water and castile soap applied with
a soft toothbrush. Then rinse in dear
water and dry with a silk handkerchief.
THE3 FLAGSHIP— A Reader, City. The
flagship Philadelphia waa at sea De
cember 80, 1900. Wy. ; "',
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
All of that is an old story. It is with difficulty that
men absorbed in private business can be induced to
give any considerable portion of their thoughts, time
and energy to public affairs. They desire good-gov
ernment, but they also desire (to" attend to. their own
business. The consequence is ithat municipal politics,
In an address on Saturday night on "The Causes of
Municipal Degeneration" he said: "The prevailing
corrpution in New York exists largely because of your
indifference and mine. The solution of the problem
lies in individual activity and vigilance. I am sorry
for one thing, my friends, and that is that in spite of
the approval with which my remarks in St. Paul's
Chapel seem to have been met at the time, they really,
fell absolutely dead. What have any of you done
along the .line of personal vigilance, in spite of your
evident desire to bring, about changed conditions?
You will never get results until you get up the proper
spirit of sacrifice and vigilance."
BISHOP POTTER of New York, who has taken
upon himself some of the work of municipal re
form in that city, has found, like his predecessors
in the task, that the political evils of a community are
due not so much to the viciousness of a few as to. the
comparative indifference of the people generally. That
truth has been known for a long time, but the Bishop
appears to have been ignorant of it, and he is now
discussing it as if it were an original discovery.
INDIVIDUAL. RESPONSIBILITY.
The nurseries of the country, have anew bogieman
with which to affright the young" hopefuls of miliion
aires. "Here comes the kidnaper'' is a cry dreadful
enough to make most youngsters good. •« ¦
mm»i> ¦ JIM i II II m Klin II mil - ¦¦ • ' ¦• ,: i -.v '- : . .
A Louisville man has been accused of having en
tered ; into a criminal conspiracy; with some of his
f ! iends to drink himself to death. He might plead
that under American laws idiocy is not a crime.
It is reasonably safe to assume that the parasites of
Martin Kelly, who gathered around him in a local
barroom shouting the praises of "Cornie" Pendleton.
found justification for their act in being at the time
well "corned."
Morocco seems to have some serious desires to re
main on the map. After paying a large American
claim, while looking into the guns of an American
man-of-war, she has paid Germany a large sum, owed
on the general account of insolence.
The local woman who has hired herself out in or
der that she and her male confederates may rob the
houses in which she has been employed ought to find
a splendid field for the expression of her peculiar
abilities by being made cook at San Quentin prison.
Ho Yow, the Chinese Consul General, is making
pleasant the holiday season by bestowing upon club3,
societies and commercial organizations magnificent!
silken banners. Why not present one to his High
ness the Mayor for his special gratification, enjoy
ment and adornment? His Highness likes flags.
The apparent quarrel between the Chief of Police
and the Police Commission over the policy to be pur
sued in reference to Chinese gamblers has certainly
not interrupted' the prosperous business of the gam
blersi Perhaps it would be better for the people of the
city and their morals if the police neither interfered
nor licensed. The gamesters might become so evil
as to kill themselves.
J. W. Drysdale. one of Madera's fore
most businessmen, Is making a stay at
the Lick. ¦"
George "W. Harney, a fruit man of
Marysvllle, is among the arrival* at the
Grand.' .
T. Clark, who controls large Placervllle
mining Interests, is registered at tha
Grand.
F. C. Lusk, the Chieo attorney, Is at tha
Palace.
H. H. Blood, a Bakersfleld oil man, is
at the Grand.
Judge Albert Albrecht of Fresno Is reg
istered at the Grand.
M. F. Cochrane, a San Rafael attorney,
is staying at the Grand.
Thomas D. Petch, a Eureka merchant,
is registered at the Grand.
Bank Commissioner John Markley of
Geyserville is at the Lick.
J. Ix>eb, a merchant of Williams, Is a
recent arrival at the Grand. '
F.'H. Harvey, whoee fruit interests at
Gait are large, is at the Palace.
Dr. Alfred Kinney, a physician of As
toria, Is registered at the Lick.
F. W. Hatch, a physician of Sacra
mento, is registered at the Lick. - '
D. N. Kirkland, an oil man of Ix» An
geles, is staying at the Palace.
J. Kline, a pioneer merchant of Lompoc,
Is among the arrivals at the Lick.
D. A. Holmes of the Eastern News Syn
dicate is a guest at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The Japanese armored cruiser Idzumo.
built at Elswick, arrived at Tokosuka
December 8. She is of 9750 tons displace
ment, 14,500 horsepower and 20.7 knots
speed; and her cost, Including armament,
was 8,753,585 yen, or nearly $4,376,000. The
Brooklyn of the United States navy la
the nearest approaching the Idzumo in
size, speed and general - characteristics,
the American "cruiser being 9215 tons nor
mal displacement. 18,769 horsepower and
a trial ape* d of 21.91 knots on a displace
ment of 8150 i tons. The total cost of ¦ the
Brooklyn, exclusive of speed premium
and trial expenses, was $4,056,440 D4, and as
the vessel ', was contracted f or : in Febru
ary, 1893, it is to be assumed that she
could.be duplicated at the present" time
for about $3,500,000.. It is quite apparent
that Klswick: obtains good prjees for. tho
naval vessels built for foreign navies, and
that -just as good ships could be built at
San Francisco for the , same money.
The Vickers Company In England has
received- orders from jj several govern
ments to furnish types of guns with,
the gear for which the firm Is bo
celebrated. Japan has ordered a 6-inch
Qulck-flrer of 8000-foot seconds velocity,
capable of firing eight to ten shots per
minute, and also a 12-pounder, - with a
rapidity of fifteen shots a minute. The
United States War Department has like
wise ordered a 6-inch gun of 2S50-foot
seconds velocity.
• • •
There are no less than 164 war vessels,
exclusive of those of China and Japan,
distributed in China and Philippine wat
ers. Great Britain leads with 60. France
30, Russia 26, United States 24, Germany
22, Italy 6, Austria 4, Holland 2 and Por
tugal 2. Most of these vessels, excepting
the American, will spend the winter In
Japanese ports, making lively and pros
perous .times In the several localities.
• • •
A light-draught gunboat to be named the
Moorhew has been contracted for by the
BritiBh Admiralty. The boat will be built
by Yarrow at Poplar, and is to be a dupli
cate of boats built to navigate the' Niger
River. The boat will be 100 feet In length,
20 feet beam .and of 83 tons displacement.
It will carry a large number of rapid- nre
and machine guns, and is Intended for use
in Chinesa rivers.
The trials of tha new British armored
cruiser Cressy are reported to have
turned out very satisfactory. The eight
hours' continuous run under full power
developed an average speed of 22 knots,
and during a spurt ran as high as 26
knots. The vessel waa designed to make
21 knots under full power. -¦>-
A third dock for the Sasebo LVock Tard
is to be built, the contract to be executed
for 5100,000, which sum probably only cov
ers excavation work. .
Six torpedo-boats of 120 tons each were
begun at Kure dockyard last month and
axe expected to be completed during the
present fiscal year.
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS
We need not consider at this time what course to
pursue should such a programme be adopted in
Europe. It suffices to know. that ours is the best
market in the world suid that we could easily make
the programme unprofitable to its framers. The one
point in the subject of interest to us is the proof it
afTords of our industrial and commercial supremacy.
We have become the dominant nation of the globe.
Our influence is felt in every market. Europe recog
nizes, our power, and by eagerly discussing how best
to avoid our competition virtually admits that it can
not be met with success in a fair field.
The cbmmercial federation of one or more nations
against others would Jesuit in retaliation, and in the
end the federation would go to pieces. Moreover the
interests of the various European countries are at
present so conflicting that any harmonious pro
gramme of commercial action is hardly possible. The
only thing likely to be accomplished in furtherance of
the scheme is the creation of a commercial sentiment
adverse to the United States and the arrangement of
leciprocity treaties that would place us at a disadvan
tage in the markets of the contracting parties.
WHEN an Austrian statesman some years ago
recommended I he formation of a commercial
union of the principal European countries for
the purpose of guarding their industries against
American competition the proposition was treated as
a question for discussion only. It was not supposed
it would be presented as an issue of practical politics
within the life of this generation. Since then, how
ever, the idea has been strongly supported in several
influential quarters, and it is quite possible something
of the kind may be attempted, though not in the way
originally proposed.
EUROPE AGAINST AMERICA.
Maude— Don't you think that tha Cmrnt
de Verdreuil Is a very Intelligent man!
Ethel— Yes, Indeed! "Why he can even
understand my French!— Somervllte Jour
nal.
Indianapolis mnst be up against It for
a sensation when It has to fall back on a
woman kidnaper who attempts to steal
her own son. — Minneapolis Times.
City Editor— This itory ot yours about
the mad dog Is too verbose.
Reporter— Well, hand it back and Til
put some snap l&to li.— Philadelphia Rec
ord.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Many a fool gets through an right by
looking wise and keeping Els mouth shut.
— Chicago Xews.
There Is hardly one of us girls who can
truthfully declare that tne Tale boys have
left her altogether heart whole and fancy
free. I know that tha general verdict
waa that the boys were "perfectly
scrumptious," and wJiea girts unani
mously go on record In such fashion you
may wager there la something doing. 1
for one am ready to admit that there Is a
slight dent In ray heart, and I believe that
the name of Schneeloch Is engraved there
on. It came to pass on Thursday night.
Schnetrloch waa cringing. He was being
accompanied on the piano and the instru
ment was off— dreadfully off. In tha
midst of his song my hero fpr a moment
paused, motioned the pianist to cease and
then went on — nobly, unfaltering, without
the accompaniment. That's what I call
tact, and that Is why Fm a bit smitten
on the president of tha Tale Glee Qub.
No longer wfll brides and grooms spend
the first few hours of their honeymoon In
shaking rice out of their clothes and
brushing the same evidence off their
baggage. The snowy cereal is entirely of
the old century. The wedding guests at
an up-to-dats twentieth, century nuptial
will fling their expressions of happiness
after the departing newly wed paid In
handfuls of white confetti. I don't know
the wherefore of the change, unless It
might be that some luckless groom caught
a grain of rice In his optic and thereby
was unable to make goo-goo eyes at tha
lady who wore hi* new rtnar and name.
Whatever the cause, rlca Is oat and con
fetti la In— and I herewith extend to all
coming brides my sincere sympathy. Have
you ever tried to comb confetti out of
your flowing tresses? I have, and that'*
why I am offering at this early date my
sympathy to those who are to be married.
left, which was when th« new century
had lived Its first four hours.
I am firmly convinced that the greatest
aid to the splendid sociability that ensued
waa the punch. It was no weak orange
ade, with a dash of brown liquor, but th«
genuine thing, that warmed Into life a
feeling of fellowship in each and every
breast.- The punch came In with tha first
guest and deported only when th» last one
Besides being a distinct triumph of orig
inality Mrs. Jewett's entertainment scored
in favor of Informality. There were no
introductions. Everybody who met under
the hospitable Jewett roof was supposed
to be willing and anxious to know the
others, and so the hostess dispensed with
the uaual "allow me to present," and all
were bidden to shake hands and be socia
ble.
.To my mind the smartest thing Mrs.
Jewett did was the dishing up of the lit
erature of to-day— the light, frothy, soap
bubbling kind. The character of the end
of the old century reading matter was
told with the aid of dummy-books bound
in sensational colors, and the keynote was
struck with the gauzy bit of tulle fes
tooned around the gay mantle that did
duty for a bookshelf. An egg-beater deft
ly thrust In tho midst of the flimsy rose
colored drapery completed the picture.
Before Mrs. Jewett we all should bo-w
low. She gave U3 the "century fad" par
ty, starting the new year with an enter
tainment that was the first original thing
any hostess had done for us In years. I
believe such a splendid thing as novelty
In entertainment is contagious, and I hop©
to be asked to any number of affairs that
will give my memory something nobler
to feed on than the excellence of the sup
per or the dresses worn by the fairer por
tion of "those present."
setting for their treasures than the man
sion on Washington and Gough streets.
It thus appears the commonwealth of Australia as
organized on New Year's day will, remain without
much in the way of territorial expansion for many
years to come. Moreover, it will not be absolute in
that part of the globe. It will have a rival small in
size but vigorous and ambitious to try conclusions
with it in the far distant years as to which will be the
greater power of the two.
Having this local patriotism and desire for self
government, accompanied by an ambition for colo
nial expansion among the lesser islands of the South
Seas, and for the development of socialistic experi
ments in governmental work, it is not likely
the New Zealanders will ever consent to be
come an adjunct to Australia, From Auck
land to Sydney is a distance of more than
1200 miles, and, though modern steamships have done
much to overcome distance, they have not succeeded
in annihilating so large a distance as that. Conse
quently the New Zealanders may with reason b<*
opposed to intrusting their affairs to a Government so
remote from them and separated by such a vast ex
panse of ocean.
The aspirations of the New Zealanders, however,
have been more potent than their lands or their re
sources in determining them to stay out of the Austra
lian federation. They proudly call their country the
"Latest Britain," and aspire to develop a form of
civilization better than that in any other part of the
world. In no other country* has so much been done
in the way of promoting the general welfare by mean^
of governmental assistance. The Government not
only builds and operates railroads, but it insures prop
erty, lends money, promotes the establishment of
¦farms and -factories, and provides pensions for the
aged and the infirm.
These ample lands justify .the New Zealandeis in
believing they can erect a government of their own
capable of attaining high rank among the nations.
They have, moreover, many resources. The climate
is better than that of Australia; they have no great
waste of arid land like the-whole of the central region
of*Australia, and, finally, they have fairly profitable
gold districts and rich stores of coal and iron.
Such an ambition on the part of New 'Zealand is
not unnatural. It is tiue the New Zealand group of
islands is small in comparison with Australia, which
is so large as to be sometimes classed as a continent;
but nevertheless it contains an area of about 100,000
square miles, being larger than : that . of England,
Wales and Scotland, and not far short of being as
large as those countries with Ireland added to them.
Moreover, New Zealand claims dominion over the
Chatham Islands and ihe Auckland Islands, and hopes
to add to them several other groups in her part of
the ocean, so that in connection with her home popu
lation and territory she can have considerable colo
nial extension. •
THE AMBITIONS OF NEW ZEALflND.
n USTRALIA began on New Year's day .her
/ \ career as a" fedeial republic with much of grati
fication and something of.di$appointment. The
gratification was due to the achievement at last of a
United Australia, bound to the British empire by ties
so slight as to leave her virtually an independent state.
The disappointment was due to the fact that New
Zealand holds aloof from the federation and evinces
a determination to establish herself in the Southern
Ocean as a rival power. •
MONDAY JANUARY 7, 1901
JOHN D. SFRECKELS* Proprietor. ______
Itirtu All CeEEtticitleci U W. 8. LEAKE, Xu&ger.
' ** V^-V? l ?y! S - Pyf'^j 5 ' •- ••_•_•• ; Telephone _Pre»w ?9*
PUBLICAT1QX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SIT to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
neltvered Irr Cmrrt*r*. IB Cent* Per We*U.
Slngrle Copies. S Cents.
Terms l»y Mali. Including: Postairei
DATLT CALI, (incluair,* Sunday), one year W.W
DArLT CALL flncluflinir Eunday). « months 1.00
DAILV CALL (Including Bandar). X month* .' 1 SO
DAILT CALL— By tingle Month «e
*;. SUNDAY CALL, One Year 1-60
WKEKLr CALL, One Ywu- 100
All postmaster* are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
B&rople ccplw will be forwarded when requested.
Mall TCb*«<TfbrrT In ordering «"hanr* of »ddr«w *hould 1*
particular to girt toetii JCEW AXT> OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAM) ORFICB....: 1118 Broadway
C GEORGG KROR5GSS.
Kutftr Fertiga A£rtrtUl&g. MtrfSftto Eclldicg, Chicigs,
cLons l>ist&nce Telephone ' Central £615.")
JCKTT TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX Herald Square
- '** SEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
kTEPHES D. SMITH 3O Tribune BnlldlnK
ICEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Breotaso. & Union Sqnare:
Murray BUI Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman Hcuse: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
rrenont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON <D. C> OFFICE. . . .1400 G SU 5. W.
MO11TO\ E. CRASE, Correspondent.
BRA5O! OFFICES- — 517 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until *:E9 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until »:S0 o'clock. SSJ
McAllister, ©pen until t:SO o" clock. CIS Larkln. open un'.Il
• :M o'clock. :Ml Mleeion. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until t o'clock. 1CM Valencia, ©pen
until » o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until J o'clock. NW, cor
ner Twerty-reeond »nd Kentucky, open until I o'clock.
Chamot, the heroine and good angel of tho
legations during the recent awful times Id
Peking. She got back to San Francisco
just In time for the New Year celebra
tion, and is being- feted by the many
friends who knew and loved her when she
was Lizzie McCarthy. I went up to see
her, and had the good fortune to catch
her and her brave and charming' husband
In the midst of their unpacking. When
you see the contents of those twentyrone
trunks and are allowed to gaze upon tho
many gorgeous tokens with .which the
members of the besieged legations tried
to express their appreciation of the
Chamots you will fully understand what
noble work Mr. and Mrs. Chamot must
have done. \
There are tokens from all the great
diplomats and' from foreign officers who
came to their rescue, and heapB of treas
ures confiscated .by the Europeans when
they overran the heathen temples.
In 'the first place there Is $420,00- repre
senting the monetary rewards of all the
nations whose Ministers the Chamots so
nobly served. There are bags of uncut
rubies and pearls, jeweled hairpins, fans
whose sticks are of carved ivory and set
with precious stones, magnificent em
broidered stuffs, gorgeous vases and bowls
of rarest cloisonne and a hundred and one
other things that only linger In my mem
ory as dazzling and gorgeous.
Li Hung Chang expressed his approval
of the Chamots by making the husband
a mandarin. ' Now, It Is the custom for
every mandarin to be the proud owner of
a yellow satin <irapery, that Is to be used
after he has passed away in draping the
walis of the room in which his body lies
In state. With his gift of knighthood went
the yellow s»atin hanging, and to describe
It I need the flowery phrases of his most
flowery tongue. Other magnificent things
that I remember are a screen of gigantic
proportions and fashioned of carved ivory
and mother-of-pearl, a . priest's robe of
emerald green catin ¦embroidered In gold
and with large bunches of American
Beauty roses wrought by hand in a fash
ion that makes It almost worthy of na
ture, and a goM head-dress set with mag
nificent gems that had belonged to the
Empress. t
Most prized of all the treasures is an en
ameled medallion of the Pope, sent with
a letter from his Holiness. In which he
Invites the Chamots to come and 'see him.
In six weeks Mr. and Mrs. Chamot
leave for -Europe.' In almost every coun
try an official reception . will be tendered
them, and a feature' of these receptions
will be the bestowing of the various or
ders with which European governments
delight to honor the brave. The future
home of the Chamots is to be In this city.
I have heard they are negotiating for the
Goad . residence. I hope they get the
house. I know of no more magnificent
• • •
Tou want to go and see Mrs. August
"Don't let that worry you," said Mayne.
'.'I'll attend to that."
That la all that was said then, but In
.due. course of time Judge Hoffman died.
Then Mr. Mayne passed away, and here
is the clause, in his last will and testa
ment that shows how he remembered the
simple proriiiso he made to his old friend.
Article 4. I give and' bequeath to Miss Mary
T. , Hoffman, nlece_ of ray old friend, ' the Han.
O^den , Hoffman, 'now deceased, and daughter
of Southard Hoffman, now clerk of the District
Oourt of the United States, two hundred shares
of the capital stock of the Spring' Valley Water
"Works.
1 give and bequeath also to Alice Hoffman,
sister of the above-mentioned Mary T. Hoff
man. 300 'shares of the Spring Valley Water
Works. I give more shares to the younger
daughter than to the older because I have
given to the older sister a larger amount of
bonds. '
SOCIETY Is whispering the prettiest
| of all pretty tales anent the legacy
left by Millionaire Mayne to Mary
Hoffman. This la the story as they
tell It:
Charles » Mayne and Judge Ogden Hoff
man were old and tried friends. Every
night they dined together at the club, al
ways meeting at the same hour and oc
cupying the same table. One evening
their talk, so the story runs, drifted to
the comparative degree of happlnesa they
respectively enjoyed. -
"I am perfectly happy," Baid the Judge,
"save for one thing. I have two beauti
ful nieces and I regret that upon • my
death I cannot provide handsomely for
them. .' •
BY SALLY SHARP.
SOCIETY:
ABOUT A MILLIONAIRE AND A BELLE
An opportunity such as this comes rarely to any
legislative body. It is therefore one of which the
fullest use should be made. The responsibility rests
particularly upon the Republican members, for they
control the Legislature and have been entrusted by
the people with the work of the session. From that
responsibility there can be no shirking, and every
Republican should face it with honesty and fidelity.
If that be done California will cease to be a doubtful
State from a political point of view and will take her
rightful place among the States that are surely
Republican. »
With such opportunities before them 1 the members
of this Legislature can easily make a record which
will be honorable to themselves and to the State. Th^y
will have none but themselves to blame if they fail
to do so. They meet in what may be called," for Cali
fornia at least, an era of good feeling. The results
of the last elections have been so decisive as to put
an end to the old issues of party controversy, and no
new ones have as yet arisen. The important meas
ures before the ! people now are of a non-partisan
character. The only persons discontented with the
prevailing harmony -ind likely to try to excite dissen
sions are the old bosses and their diminished follow
ing. All other citizens are virtually agreed at this
time concerning the essential elements of every great
issue with which the Legislature is expected to deal,
and the members of the Senate and the Assembly have
only to follow popular guidance in order to achieve
results that will be not only a credit to themselves
but a lasting benefit to the State.
Taking all things into consideration then the peo
ple have a just ground for expecting good work along
?.ll lines of legislative duty, and it is highly gratifying
that it should be so. There are many important is
sues seriously affecting great interests of the State
which should be dealt with this winter. In addition
V< the necessary work of redistricting the State, which
should be done in a fair and impartial manner, and the
passage of the appropriation bills requisite for the
maintenance of the Slate government and its insti
tutions on an economical but not a parsimonious
basis, legislation should be provided to increase the
revenues of the university, to protect the forests and
conserve the flood waters of the State, to establish a
traveling library system, to promote highway im
provement, and finally to furnish a primary law which"
will stand the test of the courts and protect every citi
zen in his rights at primary elections.
There is but one cloud visible upon the prospect at
this time — that caused by the efforts of the old bosses
to gain such control or influence as will enable them
to dictate the arrangement of the Congressional, Sen
atorial and Assembly districts of the State for the next
decade, and possibly to get in a cinch bill or two for
remunerative purposes. That danger, however, has
been foreseen from the start, and there is reason to
believe it has been effectually guarded against. At
any rate it is the sole danger now in sight; and, more
over, is less dangerous than it has been at any session
of the Legislature for many a year past.
OF the Legislature this winter the people of Cali
fornia have a right to expect much. Every
circumstance of the session is propitious to
good work. There is no Senatorial contest to create
factions and to take up the time of the members.
Neither is there any partisan issue at stake which
divides the people and which might give rise to pro
longed discussions and wrangles in either house.
Finally the railroad, which for so many years has been
a disturbing factor in State politics and the author of
so much evil at Sacramento, is now under new man
agement and seemingly is out of politics. Thus the
session is left free for the performance of genuine
legislative work in the interests of the people and for
the public welfare.
A LEGISLATIVE OPPORTUNITY.
- Fortunately there are many signs* of a coming
change in that temper of the American people.- The
movements now going on all over the country for
better municipal administration are evidences that the
people have learned the lessons taught by bad gove-n
ment and are trying to profit by them. In too many
cases a mistake is made in trying to provide a remedy
by law instead of by patriotic attention to public duty.
Experience will soon prove fhe futility of such plans,
and in the end we, shall have that resolute public
opinion and incessant popular vigilance which are
needed to incite strong officials and compel weak
ones to perform their duties with honesty and zeal.
Our system of government does not provide effec
tive administration in any branch of public service,
but it does most effectively provide for the education
of the people. It teaches lessons with a clearness that
cannot be mistaken, and makes "those lessons so
costly that eYeif the richest citizens are forced to
give heed to them. .Every intelligent man in an
American city knows the cause of the evijs in his com
munity, and he knows also the price he will haye to
pay to get rid of them. He approves of such speeches
as Bishop Potter has been making, but' he ; does not
tct upon them. It seems ! the average good
citizen has come to the conclusion 'that for the pres
ent at least good government requires too much good
work that could be better employed in private busi
ness, and he acts accordingly. .
and Indeed a large part of State and Federal politics,*
passes into the hands of professional politicians. Those
who adopt , public business as a trade do so in the
main for the purpose of making a living by it, and, as
i: happens, most of them are unscrupulous as to tho
means by which the money is ma.dei' ; •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLj MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1001.
MRS. AUGUST CHAMOT, HEROINE OF THE DEFENSE OF THE LEGA
TIONS IN PEKING, AND UPON WHOM FRANCE HAS BESTOWED
THE CROSS OP THE LEGION OF HONOR.
¦0
4
AMUSEMENTS.
__________ • *%
Orrhwin — Vaufleville.
Grand Opera-house — "A Vlrgrlnl» Courtship."
Alhanibra — "Old Jed Prouty."
Alcazar— '"Nell Gwyr.ne."*
Co'unibla— "TV ay Down East"
Tlvoii— "Cinderella."
Central Theater — ""Woman and Wine."
CaJ'fcnila. — "Human Hearts."
Olympia. corner Mascn and Edfly street*— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo sxd Theater— -Vaudeville every afternoon and
erenins.
Fischer's— Vauflevine.
MetropMtan Temcle— Hecschel Recitals, Tuesday, Feb. 5.
California Jockey CTub (Oakland)— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By S. TTatklnc — Monday, Jaxuary 7, at 11 o'clock. Red
Front StaMet. at corner Sixteenth and Guerrero streets.
The face alone is no sure
index of health; but, head-
ache and dizziness, no ambition,
no force, no endurance, short
breath, palpitation of the heart
on little exertion — these 'with
a pale face, are a clear indica-
tion of what is wTonjj. There
is too little red in the blood.
There is too little vital force*
It is life that is wanting.
Scott's emulsion of cod-liver
oil supplies it
Well oead yon a little to try, !f yon Kits.
BCOTT 4t BOWNE, 409 Pearl »treet, New YorU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ANEMIA
Eight million pounds' worth of fish ar<»
landed at English ports every twelve
months. This Includes shellfish, but not
salmon.
G&s Consumers' Association. 344 Post tt.. re.
duces g-aa bill* from JO to W per oent. Gas an I
electric meters tested. .Electrical department.
All kinds of electric work promptly attended to.*
It is planned to establish In Boston a
day nursery for blind babies who are not
received In other nurseries becaue they
require more care- than the matrons can
Ertve.
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public man by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery st Telephone Main 104Z •
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50e a
pound, in fire-etched boxea or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friend3.
639 Market street, Palace Hotel building •
Choice candies. Townsend's,Palace> Hotel.*S^rjresTit of Police Ellis yesterday ar
rpptfl Joseph Courtland, aged 22 years,
and locked him up In the tanks at tie
City Prison, pending an investigation. He
¦was found on the water front, and when
placed under arrest he threw away two
phials containing "knockout" drops. In
Iil5« possession was found a lady s gold
watch; vrhloh is supposed to have been
stolen. The police bellev« that Court
land Is one of tbe m«?n who held up a
bailor on East street the other morning
and robbed him ct a silver watch and a
purse containing £30.
Suspected of Crime.
tle damage has been reported either from
above or below because of the high water
of the past few days In the Sacramento
River, and its tributary streams. At this
city to-night the river registered fifteen
feet, „ while the levo system of .the, town
will-stand twenty-two feet without danger.
Since the construction of the weir at Elk
horn much of the force of the Sacramento
River has be«n relieved,, and .very little
fear; is now felt by the residents of the
river section of : the floods which threat
en^ them.
MARYSVIL.LE, Jan. 6.-80 far very lit-
LITTLE DAMAGE DONE
BY SACRAMENTO BIVER
Leaving town for Seattle. The great Jap
statue, . so long . exhibited : In the /Art Sa
loon, and Manager Dunne, originator of
same resort, . will exhibit free at ' Morri
son's famous billiard and' sample rooms
till It's time to get let off at Buffalo. •
'A Celebrated Figure and a Noted
Character
Preparations are being made at the Pre
sidio for the reception of the 900 con
valescents now > en route : from - Manila.
There is no room in the general hospital
for such a large number of patients, and
the department has determined to use the
old wooden barracks for the men whose
sickness Is not of a serious nature. By
this means they will be comfortably quar
tered until such time. as they ate ready
for discharge. /¦_.;'• '¦.
Entrances .. to tho barracks are being
made through: the ends, and the space
between the buildings will be covered,
practically making the three buildings
into one. The barracks formerly used for
practice by. the band! will be used as a
mess hall- murder to have the quarters
completed befdre the arrival of the trans
ports it will be necessary, to employ a
large force of mechanics and laborers.
Frederick J. Evans, private company B
Twenty-first Infantry; Kendall Neal, pri
vate Company >• H; Thirty-seventh Infan
try; Peter Snyder, private Company 1
Twenty-second Infantry," and Sergeant S.
B Hobblns of -the Thlrty-senond Infantry
died yesterday at the general hospitals >-
The steamer- Resolute completed? the
transferring of the- 400 bodies « from j the
transport Grant to the Presidio late Satur
day, night.: -The bodies of. those who died
of r smallpox are kept in a separate sec
tion'of the. wharf. .Thejvwlll be buried as
soon as arrangements can be made.
One to Quarter Con
valescents.
Three Buildings Will Be Made Into
OLD BARRACKS WILL
BE TTSED FOR THE SICK
Union religious meeting's will be held
to-day, to-morrow, "Wednesday and Fri
day at the Congregational. Presbyterian
and • Baptist churches. To-night at 8
o'clock Dr. E. A. Woods will address the
congregation at the First Congregational
Church on "The Instrumentality of the
Word." To-morrow r.lght Dr. J. .C. Ad
ams will speak on "Home Religion" at
the First United Presbyterian Church,
corner Polk street and Golden Gate ave
nue. On Thursday at the Y. M. C. 'A.
auditorium Rev. H. H. Bell Is to speak on
"Young People in the Church," and on
Friday at the First Baptist Church. Eddy
street, near Jones, the Rev. John Hemp
hill. D.D., will conclude the meeting.!
with an address on "Prayer and Power."
UNION MEETINGS TO BE
HELD BY CHURCHES.
Congregational, Baptist and Presby
terian Denominations Plan Series
to Commence To-Day.
The steam schooner Iaqua Bald "How do
you do?" once more to old ocean yester
day morning. When she was launched *.t
Eureka six months ago all the Indians
In the neighborhood named her Iaqua
(Hot do you do) and so she has been
named ever since. ,
When Captain Bash abandoned the
steam schooner last Saturday night no
one ever thougnt she would coma off the
rocks again. Oldtimers said her bones
would bleach oi Duxbury reef and that
the next gale would smash her Into pieces.
The underwriters were not so sure about
the matter and as they had J50.000 at stake
it was decided to make an attempt to save
The attempt came near being a costly
one, aa the steam schooner Banta Ana
gent to the scene went on the reef herself
and It was only a rising tide that saved
"VVhsn the underwriters learned that the
innua "was abandoned they consulted with
f^intAin Bruce of the Fireman's Fund. He
counseled sending out a well equipped
Seamer bo the Santa Ana. was chartered
from Charles Nelson. A, big anchor waa
shipped and an fextra supply of coir haw
«er£ were put aboard. ~ start waa made
about 4 o- clock yesterday morning and
th« wreck was reached about 7 a. m.
\%hlle attempting to get near enough to
out a hawser aboard Captain Strand ran
hiK vessel onto one of the pinnacles so
common on Duxbury. For a while it
looked as though the Santa Ana wm go
ing to stay there, but a heavy swell lifted
her off and in a few minutes she was in
deep water again. '
While the Santa Ana was on the reef
the tug Sea King came upand at once
made fast to the derelict Waiting for a
favorable moment, when a heavy roller
was lifting- her out of her bed. Captain
Itaemussen gave the signal to go ahead
and In less time than it takes to tell It
the Iaqua was once more launched into
deep water. She was water-logged, had
a most decided list to port, the shingles
she was laden with were dropping out of
the holes In her bottom made by the rocks
and bobbins up all around her from stem
Hauled Off by the Tug Sea
King Early Yesterday
Morning.
STEAMER IAQUA
TOWED TO PORT
In a quaint speech in good keeping with
his assumed character Mr. Golden said
that he and his company were snowbound
for four days on their way here from Ore
gon; that they had only arrived just be
fore the curtain rang up, and that In con
sequence cf the fatigue of the journey
the leading lady, Mrs. Golden, was un
able to appear and for the present was at
the Valdeck Hospital. Mr. Golden ac
cordingly asked that the audience should"
reserve judgment of the piny until fur- |
their hearing, "though, for his part, he '
thought it a purty good show just as it
stood'." with which sentiment the audi
ence showed its pympathy and agreement
in the usual fashion.
"Old Jc-d Prouty" Is quite the usual sort
of play of the "Old Homestead" kind. The
incidents differ, but the spirit accords.
The kindly, shrewd old country innkeeper,
Jed Prouty. which Mr. Golden plays wHh
an admirable, quaint humor and finish, is
a familiar character, but the ren
dering is clever enough to carry a much
more threadbare conception. The long
lost child is there, the mortgage, the
countryman in town and the rest of it,
but with the familiar materials Mr.
Golden has woven a wholesome, humor
ous and bright little pastoral, which every
one will enjoy.
Robert Craig shows veritable genius as
the town crier. Zach WIlcox. As good
work as Is done in the play Is here done.
Melville Stanley Collins? as Beacon Hill,
the Boston drummer; Henry Rich as the
scheming justice; Datnery as the bad
man. Aaron Hemingway; Maurice Pike,
Laurence Flynn, all fill well their re
spective parts.
Mrs. Golden's illness was responsible for
RICHARD GOLDEN, who opened
last night at the Alhambra The
ater in "Old Jed Prouty," had a
hard-luck story to tell of his^trib
•ulations on his way to this city.
At the end of the third act of his bright
little pastoral Mr. Golden, who was en
thusiaftically called before the curtain,
made then an explanation Involving an
apology.
Owing to the Inclement weather the at
tendance was much lens than It would oth
erwise have been; still 80 clerks, Including
representatives from some thirty leading
grocery stores, were present. The num
ber was ample for the purpose of the
business on hand, which v/as restricted to
the discussion and amendment of the
constitution and by-laws. N. R. Arter of
ficiated as temporary chairman, and W
P. C. Menzles as temporary secretary
The next meeting will take place In
about a week, when officers will be elect
ed, the organization completed and
further applications for charter member
ship will be received.
The meeting of the grrocery clerks
held yesterdav at B'nal B'rlth Hall
was a pronounced success. The en
thusiasm which prevailed through
out the proceeding* showed what
a widespread Interest the movement ha-s
evoked among all connected with the
trade, and gave the clerks the utmost
confidence in the ultimate result.
Early Closing Movement
Receives Their Earnest
Indorsement
GROCERY CLERKS
JOIN CAMPAIGN
The sale of seats for the Henschel sone
recitals, to be given next month, will
open this morning at Sherman & Clay's
music store.
The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-day includes Murray and Ahpel,
knockabout comedian?; Querlta Vincent
in coon songs : Dave Barton, colored
monologist; Ahern rid Patrick. In an
Irish sketch; Ro?e Lee Tyler, soprano;
Harry Coulett, monolo^ist, and new mov
ing pictures.
Fischer's Concert-house has nmong Its
entertainers Oro, Bernard and Oro: Ma
rie D. Wood. Sid Rax'cr, Mile. Atlantis*.
Rousell Brothers, Neh Montgomery and
Antonio and Conchita Martinez.
• • * • ¦
Ouhama. the lumpier, is again at the
Olympia. and Mabel Hudson, Anita La
Mont and the Dulcle sisters.
* • »
Among the attractions of the week at
the Orpheum are tbe five Olracs, Kngilsh
comedy acrobats; J. F. Crosby and Im-z
Forman; William Cahill Davis, the Irish
cen'us; iJettina Giradr, find Joe Santley,
the boy soprano.
"Woman and Wine." a hire melodrama
with a large moral purpose, Is announced
for to-night at the Central Theater. The
production will be identically the Fame as
that given at the Academy of Music, New
York, during a. long and successful run
Over 100 people will appear on the stage.
the new comedy, and avails herself to th-»
full of It. She is admirably supported by
the various members of the Alcazar com
pany, and the play seems to be in for u
leng run.
• * *
The "second edition" of the popular
"Cinderella." which to-night begins it*
fourth week at the Tivoli Opera-house, «t
one of the most successful holiday spec
tacles ever put on at tiJi popular housa.
A number of new soners have been added,
and the book of Jokes is kept strictly up
to date by that competent comic author
ity, Ferris Hartman.
As soon as possible the Iaqua will be
put on the ways and overhauled. "When
her repairs are completed she will go back
on her old run.
to ptern and Fhe showed other siens of
the storm she had been through, but still
she was alloat and Captain Rasmussen
proceeded to bring her to San Francisco.
All the damage to the Iaqua seems to
be forward, so In order to save any more
trouble the Sea King was made fast aft
and towed the steam schooner stern first
toward Ban Francisco. It waa slow work
and when the lightship was reached there
were danger signals. A few minutes later
the hawsers parted and the Iaqua was
once more a derelict. It did not tdke the
Sea King long to pick her up. however,
and tow her Into Potatoe Cove. By this
time the ebb tide was running at the rate
of about six miles an hour, and although
the Rescue went to the. assistance of the
Bea King, the two captains decided not
to bring the Iaqua in until slack water. It
was, therefore, after 1 o'clock this morn
lnp before she was run on the Mission
mud flats.
At the Alcazar Theater "N>11 Gwynne "
with Florence Roberts in the title role '¦
crowding the house nightly. This evening
the play enters on its second week. Miss
Roberts has an excellent opportunity in
They are playing a lurid melodrama at
the California Theater this week that Is
welL worth seeing. The plfc«» is billed as
an Idyl of the Arkansas hills and is en
titled "Human HeartV It is certainly
full of action, and while the situations
are frr^atly overdrawn and the sentiment
pervading the different scenes is more
tuan tender hearts can bear comfortablv.
the cast contoin* pome capable people.
Frederic Fnirbank" ns Tom L,oerrin. who
goes to jail on the charge "of killing his
own father ir- porio'i? to a high dog'ee
and his FiiffeHncr and sorrow excite' the
sympathies of the auditors. Kulalla Ben
nett plays the adventures? whom T.ogan
has marrlpd only to regret it. and the bru
tal requirements of a decidedly unfeml
rine character are safe in her hands. The
sup«»rnburi«1onr<» of «;orrov.-ful scenes Is
greatly relieved by Kdward A. Metliigh
v-'ho as Jem Mason, a tramn, furnishps
fun enough for a three-ring circus. Ruliv
Guard as Frederic Arm«ria!f>. the villain
vho is the real murderer of I^og.-in's fath
er, has a mean character to portray and
that h* was equal to it was evidenced bv
the storm of hisses with which he was
greeted. John M. Strvens as Atoses Jon«>s
a negro, helped out with the humor in the
play, ns also did Mina Ketehem as Tjimnv
Morpan. The latter's Interview with the
Governor. Edward T.eaeh. is amusing tn
the extrerre. The rest of the- cast Is all
that can be desired.
a considerable change in the feminine cast
of the play. Millie Corbin. v.ho substi
tuted very cleverly for the indisposed
leading lady, herself was substituted for
by Mrs. William Henry Rudol"'- the wife
of the manager. Mrs. Rudolph Ib not an
actress and it was considerable effort, well
rewarded in the result. . to attempt the
part on eo short notice. Uttle Lillian
Claire, a clever child actress: Grace Me-
Leod ns a quite convincing French maid,
and Mrs. Frank A. Tannehill as the
maiden sister were nil v/fll heard.
"Cinderella" Continues to Fill the Tivoli, the^California Has
a Melodrama and the Orpheum Is Good as Usual.
Miss Joan Essner, Art Stu
d«nt, Jumps From a
Wharf.
FINDS A DRUG
NAUSEATING AND
TRIES THE BAY
Of Romantic Disposition, Ehe Imag
ines Bhe Is Badly Treated
mid Tries to End
Existence.
•
DEATH By GAS
ENDS DEBAUCH
Several fellow students ef Miss Essner
who attend the Hopkins Institute of Art
svere seen last evening and they all said
that the young lady's attempt to take
her life was not at all surprising to them.
They claim that Miss Essner Is full of ro
mnnc«». end that Fhe Is of a very nervous
temperament; that ehe Is a "matinee
plrl" and epends most of her leisure time
BttenflJac t neater? and reading sensation
al novels. They also stated that she had
received a very fine education, and that
Fhe keenly felt that her parents were
rnn<3e?t German tra4*«rpeop!e and that on
th{«= account she was not able to assume
the social position that she should as-
P'.rc to.
In the afternoon she purchased a bottle
cf laudanum at Vai Schmidt's drug store
at Polk and Jackson streets. After
taking a taste of the drug 6he found It
so nauseating that she could not take.
more. She called on some cirl friends and
wjth them went downtown to the Louvre.
Bhe drank half a bottle of whisky In this
establishment In the belief that this would
«"nd her existence. Finding that this waa
also unavailing, she dispelled the morbid
motive irom her rr.lnd temporarily.
Miss Essr.tr then went to dinner with a
parly of friends at Sanpulnettl's. At the
doee of the meaJ the excused herself from
the party and went down to the water
fror.t. when she reached the Lombard-
Btreet wharf eho divested herself of her
coat and hat and without a moment's hes
itation plunged ir.to the cold waters of
the bay. Some Italian fishermen were
pacing by in their boat at the
time and they rescued her. and
r.cne too soon, as Fhe was going
down for the third time when they picked
her up. She v.a* carried to the Harbor
Receiving Hospital in an unconscious con
dition. When Ehe recovered consdousress
Fhe a*ked that FVed H. Jung, her cousin,
who Is an attorney living at 225 Dromm
street, be called to the hospital. He came
and took charge of the weeping girl. Bhe
telephoned from the Jung residence to her
parents that Fhe was feeling quite well
art<3 that she was thoroughly repentant.
Matthew E. Essner, the father of the
plrl, was seen last evening. He claims
that his daughter Is too high strung and
F^r.fitive and that everything possible to
make her home life happy has been done.
He also eaid that his daughter would re
turn home to-day.
Miss Essner Is of a very nervous and
en-.otior.al temperament, and her home
life, the claims has not been a happy one.
Up to a few months ago Bhe resided with
Y.(T grandmother on Leavenworth street.
She could not live amicably with this rel
ative a-nd returned to her home. Then
her fiTar.dmother also moved Into the
eame domicile. Bharp words were ex
changed Saturday between the young girl
and her grandmother and Miss Essner de
cided that as she could not live happily
at hcrr.e she would commit suicide.
The irsvetery rcrrounfilns: the- att*mpt«d
»ulcl<Je of the irlrl who drack laudanum
end then i'umped off the Lombard-street
wh&rf early yesterday morning Is solved.
Mlf=s Jean Eisner, an art student who re
*l<3ee Trtth her parents In the rear of an
upholetering store at 1713 Polk street. Is
the young lady who committed the rash
act. She la none the worse for her ex
perience and Is at present stopping With
friends of her parents.
Joseph Preston Kills Him
self fecause His Wife
Upbraids Him.
It was learned last night that Preston
had boen paid h!s salary by the telephone
company on Saturday afternoon, and
when his body was searched by the dep
uty coroners no money was found in the
pockets. The body was removed to the
Monrue and an autopsy and Inquest will
be held to-day.
Dr. \V. D. Clark of 2554 California Ftreet
wrj notified and took charge of affairs.
He Is an o!1 ?ri*n<J of Mrs. Preston, and
the 'lector end hi* wife cared for the two
children of the dead man. Mr and Mrs.
TVatson. who live at 2C27 California street,
took Mrs. Preston to their home, where
th^ unfortunate woman was hysterical
for many hours, being unable to give any
information as to her husband's death.
According to the Rtatements made by Mrs
Pret=ion to Or. Clark before she became
hvptericaJ. her husbrna deliberately eaid
that he would end his life. On New
Year's eve Mrs. Preston and her children
took refuge In Dr. Clark's house to es
cape the fury of her hu6band, who In a
rage threatened to kill ni» wife
with a razor.
Qulrkly realizing that something terrible
had happened, Mrs. Preston broke open
the door and was overpowered by the
rijph of fra.* ir.to the hallway. She eaw
hf-r husband lying on the floor, and with
a. ecream th« te Trifled woman ran Into the
Ftrr<t calling: for help. Dr. Shumate was
rjuirkly summoned and on arriving at th<»
house he found that Preston waa dead.-
The doctor at or.ee called Police Officer
GUI, who ran *o the houee and entered the
room where Preston was cold In death.
The officer turned off the gas. although
r>r. Bhumate claimed that he did this
f. hen he first went lnt« the room to view
the bodv.
On reaching tTrn" Preston was upbraid
ed by his w'f«. arid he threatened to kill
himself. He left h!s wife and children '.n
the upppr part of the house and went Into
the front parlor, on the lower floor. His
¦wife was not roncernod at not peeing her
husband, thinking that he was asleep.
Abont 2 p. m. Mr?. Preston noticed the
o<3nr of gras, an-J started to find the caus«.
Hhe traced the pas odor to the front par
kir and found »b<> door locked.
Preston was S5 years old and wa« a
married man. having two children, a girl
* )re«n old and a boy of 5 years.
For some time past Preston had been
drinking heavily, and his conduct was the
of frequent quarrels with his wife.
Yesterday morning Preston returned to
Ms home at 7 o'clock, being under the
Influence of liquor. He rode out on car 20
of the California Ftreet line and had some
vordfl with Conductor Larabi*». as the Iat
ter ir>fils=ted that J'reston should ride ln-
Kide the <*ar.
Jipeph Preston, a bookkeeper for the
telephone company, committed suicide
J"«eterday morning at his residence, 5329
California street, by turning on the gas
and inhaling the deadly carbon monoxide
vapor.
PITIFUL DEATH
OF CHILD-WIFE
IN THIS CITY
Mysterious Circumstances in
thi Death of Mrs. &. .
W. Spooner.
Dr. Kuhlman Kef uses to Sign Certi
ficate and Husband Says He
Does Not Care What Be
comes of Body.
In the meanwhile those who knew the
child-wife in life are trying to save her
frail body from the potter's field or the
dissecting table.
An autopsy on the body of Mrs. Spoon
er, performed hv Dr. Leland last night.'
disclosed that death was due to acute
double lobar pneumon.a and acute peri
carditis. The Inquest - will be held to
day. * /¦ - ' '
Dr. Kuhlman. . who figures as the last
attending physician of the child-wife, by
his res-pOnses to queries Indicated his In
tention of doing or saying something that
would cast discredit on the management
of the City and County Hospital, or else
again encountering the process of con
tempt of the Coroner, for which once be
foro he suffered Imprisonment. ¦
"Her father gave his consent to the
marriage." he answered to repeated
queries. 'I lived In the house with him
and married the girl with his consent. I
was past 40 when I married her, and she
was, T guess, past 13. I ain't got to say
no more and I ain't going to the Morgue
to «ee her."
While Spooner admits to being past 40
years of age. he is sold to be about 55
years old. He Is a tall, rawboned man.
fullv six feet in height, with heavy,
sunken jaws and eyes and prominent
chpek bones. His demeanor be^noke an
entire indifference to his child-wife's fate.
Tn a dingy room In the roar of Mrs. TTo
gan's lodging hoiis*» the elderly husband
of thf unfortunate child-wife sat prepar
ing hls« evening meal.
"To h with her." was his response to
a question as to what he proposed to do.
"I ain't Roing to talk about her. She left
me and stole my $205. I didn't have no
use for her, anyhow. She left and I let
her go."
Spooner to all questions about hi* ante
cedents pave equivocal and surly an
swers. He said he worked at anything
that came along: his last place nf em
nloymont beinc the Pacific Tank Works,
lie "did any old thin? there." he said.
Mrs. Jansen called during the day at the
several places where Mrs. Spooner or
Corey Bailey raided and anxiously In
quired what disposition had been made of
her f'ffcels and what arrangements would
be made for. her funeral.
"Under the provisions of the law." said
Dr. Kuhlman, "I must decline to speak of
the case. The law protects me and I
don't propose to say anything. I may not
testify at the Coroner's Inquest. I don't
have 'to if I don't want to. I don't want
to say anything about the way the woman
was treated at the City and County Hos
pital. She was neglected and 111 treated,
and somebody will have to suffer. ' t
won't tPlI who because I don't have to."
"We i took the woman In out of pure
charit>," said Jansen yesterday after
noon. "My . wife was attracted to her
while rvisiting a friend. In the same ward
and we brought her over here. My wife
watched by her bedside night and day
until ishe died and closed her eves in
death. We would bury her If we could,
but I thought to appeal to the papers for
assistanca."
Then Dr. Kuhlman refused to sign ner
certificate of death, notified the health
ofiico and the Coroner and on investiga
tion was commenced. The Board of
Health postrd a diphtheria notice on the
door, fumipalfd the house, and the body
of the child- wife was taken to the Morgue.
Finally she was taken ill with rheuma
tism and found a shelter about a month
or two ago at 1119»£ Howard street. But
the seeda of disease were in her young
bones, and helpless and suffering in her
infirmity she was sent at. the suggestion
of Dr. Rosenthal to the City and County
Hospital. Her case was diagnosed as
rheumatism and pneumonia and she was
placed in. one of the wards.
Directly across the street from the en
trance to the city's hospital reside T. C.
Jansen. an employe of the Market-street
Hallway Company, and his wife. The lat
ter visited a friend in the hospital who
was in the same ward with the sick glrl
wlfe. Although in poor circumstances,
the Jansens say that they were moved by
the young woman's pitiful tale and caused
her removal to their home some days be
fore she died. They summoned their fam
ily physician, Dr. Charles G. Kuhlman,
and he treated her at the Jansens' ex
pense until she died.
Away back in the hills of Vermont on
June 3, lt>97, George W. Spooner, who con
fesses to being at least 44 years of age,
was lr.arrleo m Higngata, Franklin Coun
ty, Vt., to Corey L. Bailey, then scarcely
la years of age, by Rev. H. W.Worthern,
the wife of the latter being the only wit
ness to the ceremony. The girl bride got
a flower-embossed certificate of marriage,
setting forth these facts.
A journey was then undertaken to the
Paclttc Coast, the bride of 13 in her short
skirts and the awkward husband, old
enough to be her father at least, attract
ing unusual attention along the long
route. At various points attempts were
made to stop and separate the ill assorted
couple, but armed with that Vermont
minister's certificate they were enabled
to finally land in San Francisco. •
Shortly after • arrival they secured a
room in the rear of the upper floor of a.
lodging house at 841A Howard street, kept
by Mrs. Hogan, and there they slept and
ate and suffered. The difference In age
between the two, the unsatisfactory and
unsanitary conditions* under which they
lived, soon made the child-wife sick. She
applied to Mrs. Hogan for advice and
comfort and was taken to the medical col
lego at 814 Howard street; Where -as a
clinical patient she came under the min
istrations of Dr. C. H. Rosenthal. The
latter took great interest in her welfare
and secured her a position In a family,
where she would be free from the annoy
ances caused by her husband's conduct.
From one place to another she went,
ever annoyed by Spooner, and finally she
was forced to leave him. He accused her
of stealing from him some $200 which the
woman claimed as her own.
The body of a child-wife lays on a slab
at the Morgue. Her span at life was less
than eighteen years, yet she became a
bride over three years and a half ago.
Her aged husband sits sullen and' Indif
ferent In his room in a Howard-street
lodging house, willing that her frail body
should be given over to a medical college
or burled In the potter's field. .The attend
ing physician, who for reasons of his own
declines to certify to the cause of the
child-wife's death, adds more mystery to
the circumstances surrounding the pass-
Ing of Mrs. George \V. Bpooner, formerly
Corey L. Bailey.
"OLD JED PROUTY" HANGS OUT
HIS SIGN AT THE ALHAMBRA
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUABY 7, 1901.
MISS INEZ FORMAN, VTITH J. T. CROSBT IS FILLING AN ENGAGEMENT AT THE ORPHEUM, PRE
SENTrNG "A DUPLICATE HUSBAND," BY EDWIN B. TILTON, IN A MANNER THAT IS GIVING GENERAL
SATISFACTION. • ". •
Blver Steamer Founders.
BRUSSELS, Jan. -6.— News has been re
ceived here .-. that the steamer Soudan,
which "left Antwerp early In December to
undertake river , service In the Cong-o
State, foundered a ; week ago,:, ten of her
company being drowned.;
BfiATTLE, Jan. 6.— Andrew Carnegie
has promised Seattle a donation of $200 -
000 to be expended In the construction of
a new public library. He requires a year
ly • guarantee of $5000 , for maintenance
and Improvement. - . ¦.-',"¦•
New Library for Seattle.
• •
5
AanTSEMEKTa
"Two Sou!3 With but a Single Thought,
Two Hearts That Beat as One."
HUMAN HEARTS!
FOR EVERYBODY.
Instantaneous Success Yesterday.
The Prettiest Play in Tears.
POPtTLAR PRICES. >
____
Ncxt-"A BREEZY TIME."
Another Great Orpheum Show ! -
THE FIVE OLRACS. BETTTMA GERARD.
J. F- CROSBT JR.. INEZ FORJIAN AND
COMPANY, THE WILLY COLLIN1S, JOB
SANTLET. THE SISTERS HAWTHORNE..
WILLIAM CAHILL OAVIS. THE BIO-
GRAPH AND RETCRN ENOAGEMENT
OF SHBAN AND WARREN.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10o; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, SOe.
Matinees 'Wednesday, Saturday and Sanday.
*TIVOL.l*
FOURTH WEEK of th» Tremendous Hit.
Evsnlnsrs at 8 Sharp.
Matlnes Saturday at 2 Sharp.
CINDERELLA!
By FERRIS HARTMAN.
THE ONLT HOLTDAT SHOW IN TOWN.
See Oscar L. Fesfs Fln« TRANSFORMATION.
Tne Flowery Kingdom.
POPULAR PRICES 35 and 30 c«at».
Telephone— Bush t. ¦ ¦-¦/-¦ ';;
Alt. ElllnKhou!ie....Proprietnr and Manager.
Phone South 770.
BTVERY EVENINO THIS WEE3C
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Special Encasement of
RICHARD GOLDEN
And His Own Excellent Company,
la the BEST OP ALL DOWN EAST PLAY3.
OLD JED PROUTY.
THE SWEETEST STORY EVER TOLD.
SPECIAL PRICES:
Evenlnar — ZSc SSc, 50c, 75c and $1.
Matinee— 25c, 23o and 50c.
Next Sunday Afternoon — The New Tit* Man-
hattan Theater Success. "A STRANGER IN A
STRANGE LAND." the Funniest Tare* Ever
. Written. First Tim* In This City.
- CStTAL POPTTLAR PRICES.
f*?tl II1U113IA 8A.URA.1C1SCO'3
UUaLUlWlDlA LEADING THEATRE
Beginning TO-NIGHT..
Mr. "Win. A, Brady Presents for tho First Tlm«
Her* the Pastoral Idyl.
Way Down East
By Lottie Blair Parker. Elaborated by
Jos. R. Grimmer.
A Complete Production of the Great Success,
as Seen for 427 Times In N«w York—
72 Times in Chicago.
Ccmingr — MLLE. DOLORES (TREBELLI),
In Afternoon Concerts— Jan. 13 and 17.
GRAND OPERA. MOUSE
Matineas Saturday and Sunday.
" THIS EVENINO,
¦ First Production at Popular Prices of WlITIaxa
Crane's Greatest Triumph,
"A VIRGINIA
COURTSHIP."
PRICES— lOe, 15c. 25c. 5Oc.
A Few Front Rows in Orchestra, 75e.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra at All Mati-
nees, 23c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
i 1 *^ unsrt cm tiu
Phone South 633.
TO NIftHT AnA Every Evening This Week.
*~-lll!ilI| Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
Great London and N. T. Melodramatic Triumph.
Produced exactly as se»n at the Academy of
Music. New York. Magnificent Scenery— Gor-
fteous costumes— Superb EnsembJ**. etc.
Over 10O People In This BIr Production.
First Appearance at this theater— ADA LEWIS.
DDirC Evenings— 10c. 15c, 25c, 35c, 80c.
rfilLC i Matinee— 10c. 15c. 25e.
Next Week— Grand Production "THE TWO
ORPHANS."
rLVH EAT R .f>A>
TO-NIGHT BE61NS SECOND WEEK.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
IN THH ADVENTURES Or
NELL GWYNNE
ONLT MATINEE SATURDAY.
Seats six days In advance.
Next— SWEET LAVENDER
CHUTES^™ ZOO
EVERT APTERNOON AND EVENINO.
QXJERITA VINCENT— MTTRBAY &
AECPELr-T>AVE BAB.TOH— BOSS
T/F.T. TTLEB— HAL CONXETT—
AHERN & PATBICK-UIW
MOVING PICTURES.
AMATEUR NIGHT, THURSDAY.
T TELEPHONE FOR SEATS, PARK 23.
MR. AND MRS. GBORG
HENSCHEL
IN SIX GRAND RECITALS
AT METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
February Sth. 7th. Sth. nth. 13th. 14th.
Sale of Season Tickets Begins
THIS MORNING at 9
AT SHERMAN. CLAY * CO.'a.
BUTTER AND KEARNT STS.
Season Tickets Transferable.
PRICES-*!). W. $7.0O and $5.00. t
Panama Railroad Steamship Line to
New York. Excursion rate $75, first class.
llLkeis. S30 Market street •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 83.
(.XEBENBAUli
222-224 SUTTER ST.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY.
Ham, Finest Eastern, reg. 15c 125c Ib
Carpet Sweepers. Blssell's
Standard, regularly $2.50 f2.00
Grand Rat>ld>. cyco bearings, resm-
lary J3.00 S2.BO
American Queen, highly nickel plated,
cyco bearing ,and duet proof, repulary
$3.50 ' $3.0O
Blssell's are the best made in the world.
Tamahs, regu'arly I2£c can 10c
Oriental Coffee, reg. 35c Ib 2 lbs 55c
A hlifh-ftrade blend. Rotated and
pound fresh dally.
Baking Powder, "New Era" Ib 30c
Regularly 40o. Pur» and wholesome.
AInnnd Fowder can 3Qc
Fbr Macaroons. Regularly SSc
Herring 25c
(OBtee) in \71ne Bane*. Kelt. We
Toilet Ammonia. Greer's bt. 25c
Violet. Roee, Lavender. Bee. 8Oc
6ln, Holland, Imported, reg. 90c, Dot.75c
Malt Whisky. Amu tot. 75c
A medicinal article. Resr. ESo.
Gnger Ale, "Portias 11 doz. $1.20
The popular article. Re». $1.K.
We allow 15c on return of bottles. ¦
Cocoa, Suchard's Swiss
H Ib 1 Ib
R*K. EOc 90c .
Now 4Oc 8O«
For the entire week you are welcome to
'cample a cud at our store free.
Cigers. " Old Glory." firsttlme. 7for25c
A long:, sweet smoke. Keg. So each.
just in-freshTatzos.
Country Orders Solicited.
WATCH THURSDAY'S AD.
i
Best Bread I
1> made with El
"Ko-Nut"
i A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat
For Shortening
j and Frying.
; It is without equil. |1
; A perfect. «uper*eder of Lard, E
! But er f Com "Minds H
! Trv "Soda Biscuit" made H
j with "KO-NUT"— tney are as H j
liihr <s .i f *at i-r . y
Ask Your Grocer or Write. H
India Refining Co., 1
Philadelphia. ||
I ¦
iviQHV OR JORDAN'S 4REAT*
9 OH USI U**** 7 c * ¦ **¦ e -* 7 1 -- -• '• C"- d
\ '"Cr . The Ltrgest Anatcmical Mineum in tbe \
W ,•«•««%>»* "•'or)A W'euknc".* cr any frntricied 0
Z. ff&inW «J'"w»«epc*.Mi»»lyc«rMlbytheolde«l
*V tf-~i'li' apeci£liu<-:i the Qu*t EsL jifoki*. $
£ &®&l M. rtBOASh-MintATB DISEASES #
\ gGi5^|? Ce.wulistlon ftes and itri' tly prirate \
ill Jra,a 'frfiimeat persortlly <vr b» letter. Afl |
¦f r* If 'A f fv.ltra Cvrz tn every cats undertaken. \ i
Ami! \\K: * rite for l«oo!c. rC3O.OMOE»Bir#r £ j
fl I]' jitnBIAUM, MAILED ffftSB. <Af
A w Ql ** Iuaule bcc! - for csrnj \ j
/ Oil MnpAK ACe^lOft 1 . MarfcetSt-.B. f. ¥
DR.METERS&CO. ,^111%
Specialists, Disease- Sfsl^*
and weakness of J&M
men. Kstablished /ij^f L
ISS1. Consultation vJOJk
and private book \*S [\ \/_\
free, at office or by Jlii J -4jS|K
mail. Currs guar- ' ™flUjffi 881 *
anteorl. T.'tl -M;<r-
ket street (elevator
entrance). San
D A I A PC These hotels pos-
\ ALAliL " ess the attrib u*es
i k 'hat tourists and
2 fly travelers appreciate
— central location.
(IRANI) Hbcral man ag<-
UIIHliU ment, modern ap-
IIAyr*! ft pointments and
nUlLLui P crfec t cuisine:
. ' American and Eu-
San FranC'SCO. ropean plans.
u^&n*. PAINLESS
gl5^ qexRT STREET
Between Hyda and L&rkln.
Telephone Polk 1136.
AMUSEMENTS.
RACING I RACING! RACING!
19C0-WIJTTER MEETTNO— iSOL
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. SI TO JAN. 19. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurt-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Knees start at 2:13 D. m. sharp.
¦ Ferryboats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:80. 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and a p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entranc- to the
.track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland molt connect with San Pablo avenue
eelctric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland* These electrie cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minute*.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:1$ and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
. ¦ THOMAS M. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
;. R. It. MI1.ROY. Secretary. - ¦
FISCHER'S Vco : y£?5. T , H tf u J -
Oro, Bernard and Oro, Marie D. Wood, Sid
,' Baxter, • Mile. Atlantis, Rousell Brothers, Nell
'-'Montgomery and Antonio and Conchita Mar-
tinez. . /^HtVSaMMaiMj3HiW^N^MM
Reserved Seats 23c Matinee Sunday.
BM|agBffiHBHMBfiH|MB|Handball Games.
At tho San Francisco Handball Courts
Sacramento Coursing.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 6.— Despite : /.the
pouring rain two coursing, stakes were
run off to-day before a good crowd. The
main event was won by James Patterson's
Coquette, Hadifist Becond, St. Anthony
third. O'Brien Brothers' Apollo won ue
consolation stake, Deflame second The
Dlxon visitors were hit hard by the, de
feat of their crackerjack, Dixon Boy.
Sunbeam; Emma M beat Tap Out; Miss Manila
beat Wheel of Fortune; Cash In beat Linton;
Allesander beat Leah; Sarah Gold beat Palm
Flower; Amerlcus beat Henry Gold; Gram
mercy beat Arno; Thunderbolt beat Winning
Ways; Hurricane beat Bounding Belle; Glen
Chloa beat Forgive; O K Capitol beat Race
away; Scotch Reel beat Cash Day; Springtime
beat Terrontte.
Second round— Rlley Grannan beat Lyddlta;
Emma M beat Fire Ply; Miss Manila beat
Cash In; Allesander beat Sarah Gold; Grain
mercy beat Amerlcus; Hurricane beat Thun
derbolt; O. K. Capitol beat Glen Chloe; Spring
time beat Scotch Reel.
Third round— Emma M beat Rlley Grannan;
Miss Manila beat Grammercy;; Hurricane beat
AUnander; Eprinrtlme beat O K Capitol.
Fourth round— Miss Manila beat Emma M;
Hurricane beat Springtime.
Final round— Miss Manila beat Hurricane.
Sun rises 7:29
Sun sets 5:01
Moon rises ..........8:10 p. m.
minutes, longitude 124 degrees west, tho
captain reports running Into a heavy
southwest swell. The barkentlne labored,
heavily and soon the steering gear was
carried -away. A few minutes later the
foretop went by the board and the main
sail was blown out of the bolt ropes.
After some hard work a Jury steering gear
was rigged and the Portland was got be
fore the wind. Luckily it was fair.
Running before a southeaster and with
a southwesterly swell battering her, the
Portland sprang a leak. Night and day
the men had to labor at the pumps, and
when the barkeatine was finally towed In
to port yesterday there was general
rejoicing among the crevr. The Portland
was built in 1S73, but is still a stout vessel.
She has over three feet of water in her
hold and will have to dock for repairs.
"Water Front* Notes,
The mall steamer Australia will get
away for Tahiti this morning. Among
the passengers will be the veteran coal
merchant, George- Fritch, who Is going to
Papeete to visit his eon, E. H. Prltch.
Tho last named is of the firm of Kennedy
& Frltch, one of the • best known houses
In the southern seas. Mr. Frltch will be
accompanied by hla wife.
The Aloha. Guy C. Gobs and C. D. Bry
ant all made port yesterday. The Bryant
made a long run of thirty days from
Honolulu, while the Aloha was twenty
two days coining from the samo port, both
long: passages. The Gobs was Ii5 days
coming ' from Philadelphia, and Captain
TO SAIL.
;Vy;;:ocnAN steamers.,
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan *— Stmrs'La Br«
tagne, from Havre ; Trier, from Bremen, via
St. Michaels; Cymric, from Liverpool and
Queenstown; Kalserin ' Maria Theresa, from
Bremen, Southampton and Cherbourg". . Sailed —
Stmr Pretoria, , for ¦ Hamburg, Plymouth and
Cherbourff. . .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived . Jan 6— Stmr Breclan,
from Halifax, N S. and St John. N B. Sailed—
Stmr Georylc. for New York.
LONDON— Sailed Jan 6— Stmr Manltou. for
New York. . s . -¦-,.:
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Jan ft— Stmr Umbria,
from Liverpool," for New York.
¦ ¦ " ¦ - ¦ . - . ¦ » - . ¦ ¦ " .
Steamer Movements.
Hardy reports that he had no heavy
weather until he reached tho coast.
?
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, January t.
Etmr Pomona, Shea, 19 hours from Eureka .
Btmr Bouth Portland, Hall, 5 days 6, hours
from Portland. . .
Btmr Greenwood, Faererlund, 86 hours from
Port Los Anereloa. . •
Btmr Queen, Thomas, 46 hours from Can
Diego.
Btmr Bonlta, Nop&nder, 60 hour* from New
port.
Etmr Santa, Ana, Strand, from wreck of Btmr
laqua at Duxbury Point. ¦ '
liktn Portland, Raamussen, 6 days from San
Pedro, for Port Hadlock; put in for repairs.
SAILED.
Stmr Georare Loomls, Grldgett, Ventura.
Ktmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Btmr Eanta Ana, Strand, Duxbury , Point,* to
. wreck of stmr laqua.
Stmr Point Arena, Jensen. Point Arena.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins. Victoria,
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, FortBranr.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan. 6—10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy, wind west, velocity 12 miles.
¦ : MISCELLANEOUS.
VICTORIA, Jan 6— Btmr Cottage City report*
that there has been no news of overdue stmr
Tlllamook, and that stmr Aloha Is a week over
du» from Westward. .7- ¦ ..- .
MEMORANDUM.
Per bktn Portland- Jan '. I, " lat ' 14.10 N, long
M W, had a heavy SB gale and ¦¦ 8W awell;
carried away ateering- »ear and foretop. Blew
5 rWa , y -I na i M * !1 ' Vessel «prun* a leak and has
*? J?* 1 of water ln hold on arrival, and ballast
choklnt the pumps.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Jan 6-Stmr
Mlneola, for Nanalmo.
DIEGO-Sailed Jan B-8tmr El Salva
dor, for Acajutla.
- ASTORIA— Arrived Jan »— Stmr Columbia,
hence Jan 3. Sailed— Stmr Alliance, for San
Francisco; Br stmr St. Bede, for Manila; Br
ships Marlon, Llshtbody and L&ngdale, lor
Queenstown.
NEAH BAY— Passed ln Jan &— Br stmr Bris
tol, hence Jan 2, for Chemalnua. ~ Passed out—
Stmr Matlewan, from Tacoma. for San Fran
cisco; Br ship Centeslma, from Tacoma, * for
Queenatown.
- SATTLE-Sailed Jan e-Stmr Nome City, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 6— Schr Dauntlees.'
from Grays Harbor. Sailed— Schr Ida McKay,
for Eureka.
% POINT LOBOS^-Paased Jan 6. 3:15 p m— Stmr
Mlneola, from Port : Los Angreles. for Nanaimo.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Jan Fulton,
for San Francisco. ¦' ¦¦---¦ -¦¦••¦- - .
EUREKA— Arrived Jan ft-Stmr North Fork,
hence Jan 5. Sailed— Stmr Aberdeen, for, San
Francisco. ¦ , • . , ' , '
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 6— Br
¦tmr Warneld. from Oyster Harbor.
FOREIGN \ PORTS.' '
VLADIVOSTOK-Arrlved Deo 2>-Nor stmr
Universe, from Portland. '
MANILA— Sailed Jan 6— Br stmr Port Albert,
for Seattle.''; - - ¦-¦ -t -•"--.-¦» .;-•¦:
-VICTORIA— Arrived Jan 6— Stmr < Cottare
City, from Ekajruay.
8 YDNBT— Arrived Jan t-Nlo bktn J C Pflu
»er. s heac© Nov L
TO ARRIVE.
MOJTDAT. JAJTCART T.
STEAMSHIP POMONA PASSES SAFELY THROUGH THURSDAY'S GALE
THE steamship Pomona arrived
from Eureka yesterday. There
was Bcme anxiety felt about her
as ehe left here last Thursday in
the teeth of the southwester.
Since then nothing was heard from her
until she arrived yesterday, the wires be
ing down between here and Eureka. The
Call pointed out the fact that the first
news of the steamer would be her arrival,
and this has proven true.
?
SOUTH PORTLAND'S LONG TRIP.
Is Five Itays and Five Hours From
Columbia Elver. BBjK
Tho collier South Portland had a hard
time of It gretting here. She was five
days and five hours making the run from
the Columbia River, and Captain Hall
eays he never saw It blow harder on the
coast. Day in and day out the steamer
had to "buck, the gale," and it was all
she could do at times to hold her. own.
Kcarly all the time the decks were awash,
and both captain and crew were worn out
when port was reached.
Portland in a Gale.
The old barkentlne Portland had to Dut
in here for repairs _yesterday. She left
Ban Pedro for Port Hadlock eix days ago.
but sprang a leak four days ago and the
men have been at the pumps ever since.
On January 2, In latitude 24 degrees 10
.Nine ounces of sugar* Is the extra al
lowed In the British army; Russian sol
diers get two gallons of beer; German,
seven ounces of butter, and Spanish, three
pounds of salt fish.
Reuben— No use of talkin*. times hain't
bo good as they were a year ago.
' Abner— That's right. Tho storekeeper
down ter the Corners says there*3 over
twice as many whlttllngs left on his floor
each night as there was durln* the corre
spondln* time of last year.— Judge.
EMITLOYES OJ\ THE MOUNT
PLEASANT COLLIERY STRIKE
Possibility That the Strike of Street
car Men at Scranton May Bo
Resumed.
6CRANTON. Pa., Jan. 6. — The 800 em
ployes of the Mount Pleasant colliery of
the Elk Hill Coal and Iron Company are
again on a strike, the third time in a year.
They decided to strike Saturday night
because the superintendent refused to
give a driver boy the rato of wages the
boy claimed he was entitled to. The com
pany anticipated the strike by posting a
notice that the colliery from this date
would be shut down.
The men are threatening to call out the
7000 employes of the twelve collieries of
the Elk Hill Company if the lockout Is
persisted' In at the Mount Pleasant mine.
There Is some danger of the renewal of
the street car strike. The bar men re
jected the schedule of wages submitted
by the company and sent back an alterna
tive schedule as an ultimatum, -
team and are playing better ball in tha
south than they did at the north.
Manager Ewing has all of his next
year's team playing In Southern Califor
nia except Borchers, who is of the opinion
that he can make more, money coaching
the State University baseball boys next
spring than he can by playing ball In the
south.
A committee of ladles to take care ot
the feminine portion of the visitors to
the great national bundershoot to tak»
place at Shell Mound In July has been
appointed, and is composed of the follow
ing named: President. Mrs. F. Attinger;
vice president, Mrs. F. A. Kuhls; secre
tary. Miss Lulu Kuhls; treasurer. Miss
A. Becker: trustees — Miss H. Kuhls and
Miss L. Becker. The first meeting will be
held on Friday evening next at the resi
dence of Mrs. Attinger. '•' ? ;
Riflemen's Ladies Organize.
STOCKTON, Jan. 6.— The results of the
coursing at Goodwater Grove to-day were
as follows:
First round— Rlley Grannan beat Glen Roy;
Lyddite beat Montana. Jack; Fire Fly beat
in the Deciding Course.
lulss Manila Downed the Hurricane
otockton cotntsnro.
Kuhls and George Tammeyer had won
the knightships. After the announcement
the successful marksmen were picked up
by their friends and carried to the shoot
ing stand, where they were presented with
trophies and medals and crowned with
victors' wreaths. Captain Attinger was
crowned by Miss Amelia Faktor. Philo
Jacoby in an appropriate speech presented
the king with a silver goblet and gold
medal on behalf of the club. Captain
Kuhls was crowned a knight by Miss
Clara Ehrenpfort and Miss Lulu Kuhls
performed a similar service for Captain
Tammeyer. Mrs. Dr. M. A. Atkins In the
name of the ladies of the club presented
a beautlul banner In commemoration of
the anniversary. It was received by Philo
Jacoby, who made a feeling speech.
After the ceremonies in the shooting pa
vilion were ended a procession was
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 6.— The twen
ty-fifth anniversary and banquet
of the California Sehuetzen Club
was held at Schuetzen Park to
day. The day was rainy, but that
fact did not, prevent the club members
from enjoying themselves to the full. The
day's shooting was done at a bear target
and the prize was the shooting kingship.
This was an innovation, as heretofore the
target consisted of a wooden eagle.
In the shooting of to-day each marks
man had one shot. Sixty-nine shots were
fired and tho chief marker announced that
Nos. 8, 13 and 57 were the three best
shots. Secretary Charles Sagehorn then
announced that Captain F. Attinger had
won the kingship and that Captains F. A.
THIS IS HOW SOME OF TfTE MEMBERS OF THE CALIFORNIA
SCHUETZEX CLUB CELEBRATED A QUARTER CENTURY ANNI
VERSARY YESTERDAY ON THE SAN RAFAEL RANGES.
Oakland Entries.
The mudlarks will have another Inning
et Oakland to-day. The fields possess
considerable class and the eport should be
good. Following are the entries:
Firet rac« — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds;
eelllnr:
1570 Billy Moore ?%'¦ U24 Hiram Johnson. 98
I5S7 Fidel Toulln.... *6j 1635 Spike 9S
1520 Cboteau ti\ 1312 Bag-flaA 98
13S4 Foul Pis-y *9 ICOO Isallne S6
15&4 MscLsns 101 HSU Gusto 101
1605 Expedient 101 j 1SS3 Maydln* 86
Second race — Six furlongs; three-year-old*
and up; purse: t ».,<
1579 Ha-rtland 11C, 1584 Marechal Nlel..lO4
1600 Flatterer 10* 158S Alturas ll»
lo£S Intrepido 101J 1410 Rio Chlco U9
1 « 7A^ aa J i!i_
Third race — Mile axd E9 yarfis; three-year
tilie; sellings
1601 LoneUnese 100! 1ES0 Grafter 1C5
15S5 Tony Lapping.. IK.; VH2 Klngstell* 100
15C1 Bemota 192|
Founh race— Eix furlor.g«; three-year-olds
»nd up; Monday Hanilcap:
l-^G Hermoeo 126 1S67 Bedeck 105
1567 Golden Ape 113 15S0 Frank Bell 106
liil Moniailaide ?7
Fifth race — Futurity course; three-year-olds;
1VT1 Quiz H 107 (l£8S)Danay Jim
VSi Rollick 1041 1600 Tenny Belle.. ..105
JiSS Billy Lyor.8 104 j 1S09 Nellie Forest... 103
1SK2 Gaylon Brown. 104 1577 Ada X io»
151S Merida 102 1ZIZ El Kara. 104
1S61 Courtier _10t
Sixth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up;
celling:
1391 Herculean 1041 1600 St. "Wood 106
(l^TJBounfile* 101, (li7€)Attor 1CJ
Satan 96j 1587 W joining . 103
15J4 L'rchin 9Sj ISS2 Greatland l<»
l€('S Sybari* 1081 150u Lomond .101
Probable Winners,
Tint race— Ieallne, Expedient. MacLaren.
Becosfl race— Marechal Nlel, Intreplfio. Flat
terer.
Third race— Bemou, Grafter, Tony Lepplmr.
Fourth race— Hermoeo, Frack Bell, Golden
Fifth rao»— Danfly Jim. Xelll* Forest. JLOm. N.
Sixth rax* — Boucfilee. Srbsrli. As tor. •
formed, led by Philo Jacoby carrying the
banner and the three successful marks
men, wearing their wreaths. They pro
ceeded to the banquet hall, where the ta
bles were heavy with the good things of
tKe palate. Adolph Becker acted as toast
master. Speeches were made by Captain
Attinger, W. Ehrenpfort, D. B. Faktor,
Philo Jacoby and others. Mr. Jacoby said
in part: "The California Sehuetzen Club
was organized January o, 1876, for the pur
pose of representing this State In the
world shooting at Philadelphia In that
year. We sent on a team and after con
testing with teams from almost every
country in the world our team returned
with the first honors of the shooting:
world."
The committee'ln charge of to-day's en
tertainment was composed as follows: D.
B. Faktor, chairman; L. J. Reubold. sec
retary; A. Rahwyler, F. Levers. L. C. Ba
bin, J. Straub, F. P. Schuster, C. M. Hen
derson, J. C. Waller, A. L. Ott, F. A.
Kuhls, M. Reubold, a Thierbach. O.
Bremer, L. Haake, A. Becker, T. J. Car
roll, F. A. Schrumpf, R. Stettin and.R.
Langer.
*
SCORES AT SHELL MOUND.
Deutscher Krieger verein and Inde-
pendent Rifles Hold Their
Monthly- Snoots.
The Deutscher Krieger Vereln and the
InTfcpendent Rifles held their monthly
shoots at Shell Mound range yesterday.
The companies of the First f.Infantry, N.
G. C, were to have commenced the State
shoot, but none of the guardsmen put In
an appearance. The weather j was thick
and the scores poor. The scores were:-
Deutscher ICrieger Verein monthly bullseye
shoot— First prize, . John Bender; second prize,
George Hetzel: third prize. Captain A. Francke.
Deutscher Krieger Vereln. In monthly medal
shoot— First champion class, G. Hetzel, 3S0;
champion class, O. Darner, 374: first class, J.
Bender, 3G3; second class, II. Silberzahn, 305;
third class. Captain Francke, S20; fourth class,
Joseph Koeberle. 290: first best shot. F. Bender,
23: second best phot, G. Hetzel, 23.
Independent Rifles, in monthly medal shoot—
J. H. Kuhlke. 39; Serjeant II. Schllchtmann,
37: Corporal J. H. Laun, 9; Sergeant Georga
"VVorthlngton, 26; Captain L. Schneider, 26.-
yesterday the following games were
played: . ' "' '¦',• .:¦;.. :':
II. J. Rogers and D. Cook .....21 21 21
B. Hammer and E.Thomas..... 13 13 13
W. Walsh and R. Lonffabach...a 21 11 17 21
H. H. Llsaner and J. J. Kav
anaugh ...........IS 12 21 21 20
W. Wllliama and P. Ryan 21 12 21 14 21
D. Connelly and M. Joyce 20 21 10 21 19
D. J. Bheehan and W. H. Sleberst....21 21 21
W. H. Kedlan and E. McDonouyh 17 10 11
M. Dillon and J. Feeney .H 21 17 21
O. Hutchlnson and P. Kelly.. 9 1$ 21 13
M. McNeil and H. Racoulllet...21 10 21 19 H
O. McDonald and P. McKlnnon..lO 21 14 21 U
J. Olynn and D. Whito a XI Jl
A. Whiteman and W. Jonnson 13 14 17
J. Collins and B.Curley...... ..15 18 »1 n II
J. Rlordanand W. Magru!re....21 U 11 U 17
O. B. H&Tward and J. McCarthy; 21 U 21 is n
M. Baacb.and E. McGlnty IS 21 II SI 20
SAYS TOD SLOAN WXLI.
STTBELY BE TURNED DOWN
Crack English Jockey, Sammy Loates,
Beaches New York En Boute to
San Francisco.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6.— Samuel Loates.
whose record on the English turf last year
was second only to Lester Relff, the
American Jockey, arrived In New York to
day. He will start for the West in a week
or ten days and San Francisco 1 Is his
destination. In California he will attend
the races at Oakland and Tanf oran and
visit some of the noted, breeding estab
lishments on the Pacific Coast. Return-
Ing he will visit Southern California, New
Orleans and Florida, and will sail for
home about March 1.
-• "If Sloan assented to Mr. Gardner's
proposition to lay him £5000 to nothing,
the Jockey Club probably considered that
a violation of the rules, although he didn't
get the money. It looks to me as if he was
let off easily with a view of Klvinsr a
chance to ride in other countries. He will
be foolish if he seeks a license In England
next year,. for the Jockey Club never tells
what It has against anybody and never
retracts, and he will surely be turned
down.*" -:.. •¦.-¦¦ -vS7.
JEFF STABTS TRAINING.
To-Day Begins His First Work for
the Ruhlin Fight.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.— James J. Jeffries
left for Asbury Park, N. J., to-night, and
to-morrow he will take his first exercises
for his championship battle with Gus
Ruhlin, which takes place in Cincinnati
on February 15.
The champion arrived from Philadelphia
early to-day, where he closed his theatil
cal season on Saturday night. He met h's
old manager and trainer, Billy Delaney,
and both proceeded to Asbury Park.
* Jeffries was looking In the best of shape
and said he was In fine. condition. He
said: "I will go into training to-morrow
to do my first work for the big fight. I
feel fine now, and. barring accidents, 1
expect to be in fine shape when I meet
Ruhlin. As regards the result of this bat
tle, there is no doubt in my mind but that
I will still be the champion after Febru
ary 15." i
CBOSBT OTJTBA2IKS FANNING.
Latter Is Not So Consistent a Winner
at the Target,
NEW YORK. Jan. 6.— Carefully compiled
records of the work of the trapshooters
In 1900 show W. R. Crosby of O'Fallon.
111., to be the most consistent wlnnet- at
animate targets with a general average of
255 points. J. S. Fanning, the California
crack shooter, has the greatest number of
one-day first average wins; also the great
est number of general first average wins.
Yet he is In second position for the year
by figuring second, third and fourth aver
age wins in the point of ratio.
Fanning made a^new world's record on
targets, breaking 231 without a miss in
open competition for prizes. It was done
In two days, but was continuous.
SAN DIEGO WINS
FAST BALL GAME
Taylor's Pitching Was a
Puzzle That Was Hard*
to Solve.
I>og^' Deviereaux Was
on Base.
Bowman of the Winning Team Bats
Out a Homo Bun When "Bed
Bowman. Drennan and Arrellanea of the
Oakland team are with the San Diego
The leaden of the league are the Levya
of Los Angeles, but cranks here believe
that the team Is topheavy with too much
catching and pitching talent to stay well.
With Dungan, Chance Lohxnan, Peters
and Carter as catchers and Iburgr, Fitz
patrlck and Mosklman as pitchers It Is
thought the team has fully too much of
that class.
Charley Doyl# of the Sacramento team
has anlvefl in San Diego to play the reat
of the winter as change pitcher. He in
carrying a Plttsburg contract around with
him and has not yet decided whether to
put his name on it or not. With' Doyie
San Diego has four good men in the box
—Taylor, Donlin. Doyle and Devereaux.
The last named has been doing good work
in the box, but is needed at short.
Jimmie Whalen. who was compelled to
quit work for Stockton In the middle of
last season on account of his health, has
asked for and been granted his release
from the San Bernardino team because
he Is threatened with a return of the
trouble. He has been winning games for
San Bernardino and will be missed in the
box.
In Taylor the Oaklands will get a man
who with a good backstop can win his
game almost alone. A week ago at San
Bernardino, with Buch men In the ¦oppos
ing team as Krug and Brockhoff of San
Francisco, Hutchlnson, Francks and Man
gerlna of Oakland. Kelly of Sacramento
and Whalen and McCarthy of Stockton,
he was faced by only twenty-eight men
and twenty-seven of them went out. Xot
a man was walked, eix were struck out
and the rest ait 10 the Infield or up In
the air. Taylor nim&elf had seven fielding
chances in the fame and accepted them
all.
Mike Donlin. who has been playing -with
St. Louts for a year and a half, is also
likely to stay on the coast. He Is now
playing first for San Diego and taking a
chance now and then In the box or at
short. He was the star twirler of the
California League two years ago after
Jay Hughes had gone East, and that Is
what carried him back there, but he has
been playing in the field or at first for
St. Louis. He can undoubtedly commin.l
good money In the East, but is said to be
considering an. offer to stay out West
with Sacramento.
The Southern California Winter Base
ball Litague is attracting consider
ably more attention than It did
a month agx», when the first games
were played, and it now seems that the
southern league will in a way help the
Northern California League for next sum
mer. "Dumby" Taylor, the crack pitcher
of the New York Giants, who came to San
Diego for the winter with no thought of a
longer etay, has been captured by Cal
12wipg to play with the Oaklands next
cummer. Taylor waa change pitcher for
tue New York team, but he was up with
the rest in the number of games
won in comparison with the number
pitched. He came to California
to keep in training for next year,
and though the Southern California
League does not pay anything like tha
salaries of Eastern leagues, nor of the
Northern California League, Taylor has
found the, trip a money-maker and par
ticularly a money-saver, for with two af
ternoons In the ball game he is able to
put in five days a week at his trade, that
of printer, and comes out at the end of
each seven days a long distance to the
good.
Taylor likes California. He does not
claim that it is improving either bis hear
ing or his voice, but he likes the climate,
and since Manager Ewing has given him
a chance to stay with it he is going to
stay. It is said that the Oakland man's
offer was 5290 a month, which with a
month longer season and less games a
week. Is likely to bring the total up to
anything that the National League will
offer.
2. Left on bases — San Diego 2, Maler & Zobe
leln 3. Time of game — One hour and thlrty
nve minutes. Umpire — Sylvester.
Earned runs— San Diego Z Home run—Bow
man. Two-base hit— Devereaux. Struck out—
By Taylor 6 by Kabbltt 8. Bases on balls-
By Babbitt 2. Passed balls— Worka 1, Adams
SUMMARY.
Totals SI 1 4 3 27 17 4
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Son Diero 221OOOOO l-€
Meier & Zobelein 00000001 0—1
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Devereauz. ct S 12 110 0
Klauber. Sb S 0 0 » 2 S 0
Bowman. If 8 2 1110 0
Donlin. lb 4 0 1 1 IS 1 1
Drennaa, ct 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Arrcllanea. 2b 4 1 0 ! 8 -l"0
Doyle, ri 4 0 110 0 0
Works, o 4 2 0 0 6 2 0
Taylur. p 4 0 0 0 2 •>;;•
; Totals S3 6 6 6 27 14 1
MAIER & ZOBELEIN.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Brleeno. es 4 u 0 0 1 • 1
Courtney, ct 4 0 10 0 0 0
Hanlon. lb 4 0 0 1 12 0 ; 0
Moore. 2b 4 0 0 0 1 I' ©
Held. If 3 0 1 2 S 0 0
Salisbury, rf 3 110 0 0 0
Smiley." 2b 3 0 0 0 2 3 2
Adams, c .^.3 0 10 6 X J : 0
Babbitt, p 3 0 0 0 16 1
BAN DIEGO.
" SAN IMEGO. Jan. 8. — San XMego turned
the tables on Los Angeles to-day through
the inability of the visitors to do anything
•with "Dumby" Taylor's delivery. He
struck out sis and allowed no one to walk
to nrst. "When the ball was found it was
only for a light hit to the infield and the
runner was promptly retired at first. Tay
lor himself grot six of these assists, show
ing that if he cannot hear he has a won
derfully quick eye and a quick hand. The
only run of the visitors was made on a
passed bail. Aside from the Inability of
the L.cs Angreles players to meet the ball,
the feature was the home run by Bow
man, which brought In Devereaux for the
tv.-o earned runs. The score:
Twenty-Fifth Anniversary of the California Sehuetzen Club
Was a Complete Sueeess.
SHOOTERS KNIGHTED AND CROWNED
ON THE RANGES AT SAN RAFAEL
Th« Twentieth Century Club has begun
the fistic business with a rash, that is,
the preliminary part of it-matchmaking
and purse fixing and all that. From New
Orleans and New York dispatches come In
hot succession that top-notch heavy
weights are matched and that Terry Mc-
Govern, greatest smallest ' man of them
all, is pledged to fight here In San Fran
cisco and under the auspices of the Twen
tieth Century Club. ;
The matching of Sbarkey and - McCoy,
which was published In Sunday's Call, la
a fact, the Twentieth Century Club man
agement declares. John Gleason, on* of
the members of this prize-fight organiza
tion, received Information on Friday last
from Jim Kennedy, official matchmaker
of the club, that he would match Bharkey
with either McCoy or iiaher within a few
days. The club, although It has not
beard officially from Kennedy, is con
vinced that Sharkey and McCoy have
been brought together for a fight In this
city on February 28, the date set for the
introduction of the new club's fight ven
tures before a San Francisco public Both
fighters are expected to leave the East
for training quarters within a few weeks.
The McGovern matter is in rather an
uncertain state. No man in his own class
has yet been found for lightning Terry,
but the Twentieth Century Club claims
to have a pledge for a fight In this city
in April or May of the present year.
.. Charlie "White will come from New Tork
as one of the official referees of the club.
Jack Welch has also been engaged In this
capacity.
Ckarli© White and Jack Welch Win
Be the Official Befexees of
the New Organi
sation. ;
Twentieth Century Club Ad
mits Sharkey-MoCoy
' Match. .
TALK OF FIGHTS
IS IN THE AIR
PALO ALTO
IS THE WINNER
In Clever Exhibition Takes
the Flag Prom Fast
Beacon.
Daisy Clalr© Wins the Union Park
Open Event, Beating Wild
Uorah for Final ,
Honors. ; »j V| , ~
The doable ev«nt at Union Park yes
terday brought out a large crowd, de
spite the unfavorable .weather, and the
many followers of the sport who had
braved the elements were treated to a
programme of coursing which was fall of
Interest and excitement
Russell & Allen's Daisy Claire won the
112-dogr open, stake, beating- C Bonar*s
Wild Norah pointless in the deciding
course. In the Introductory event, which
was made up of sixteen hounds o£ cham
pion class, Eug«c« Geary's Palo Alto took
first prize, beating Narcissus, Flying Fox
and' Beacon of the Curtis kennel In that
order and showing the way to D. J.
Healey'a L«tdy Claire in the final. In
which he kept her from scoring a point
against him.
In the third round of tha class stake th»
black and white son ot Eiain Pasha was
coupled with the great Beacon In what
proved to be the event of th» day. Honors
were even so far as choice was concerned,
first one and then the other being Quoted
at slight odds. Neither «iog lacked back-
Ing and it la safe to say .that almost
every one at the park was financially In
terested In tha outcome of the go be
tween the two top-notchers.
When the pair left the slips tha crowd
had worked its way to the rail to get a
full view of the dogs in their work. The
utmost quiet prevailed and even to the
employes of the park the course
held the complete attention of
all. A cheer went up when
Curtis' do? took the turn near the stand.
The crowd overlooked the fact, however,
that Geary's dog had been handicapped
by a bad start and again that Beacon waa
favored by the hare. Palo Alto soon
convinced them that he was In the game
to stay, and, despite his many perform
ances in which he would lay off. It waa
not in him to hesitate on this occasion.
With a determined effort he got In pos
session and outworked Beacon In the
cleverest fashion, going to his task with
a dash and vigor that waa surprising-.
Never once would he be denied and It
seemed that he had reserved his quick
and cunning to display it against Beacon
In this particular course. Palo Alto ended
one of the most Interesting exhibitions
seen at the park by scoring the kill near
the slips.
But one short end landed In the cham
pion stake. Anchor beating Rural Artist
at ! to L
In the open event Minna Wa Wa beat
Auckland, Ben Lomond beat Bonnie
Pasha, Wild Norah beat Mac's Melody
Flrst Foot beat Jingle Bell3 at 5 to 2 :
Warpath beat St. Ives, First Foot beat
Lucretla Borgia, Daisy Claire beat Amer
ica at 5 to 3; Tapioca beat Royal Anne at
o to 4; Black Flush beat Pleasant Girl
Lucretla Borgia beat Rienzi. .America
beat Beauty Spot at 3 to 4; Jingle Bells
H at , B ?£ Bo /' H ? !t Moon *>«at Echo it
2 to 1; Olita beat War Eagle at 4 to 1.
Open stake, second round— Pasha Kennels'
Fiery Face beat J. P. Thrift 1 * St. Michael
b-0; J. Button's Herachel'g Pride beat O Za-M'i
Miss Allen, 6-4; Curtis & Sona" Warpath beat
Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire. 10-7; George Shar
rnan's St. Ives beat A. Johnson's Mountain
£ ea ? t %J' 4 , : . T ', W ' BarteJa ' Mac's Melody beat
£ J . Cl S nIn 4 Vlxen - M J R- E- <Je a Lopez- 1
Minnl* Wa Wa beat J. Carroll's Anclclaad;
Zt-5; Aeneid Kennels' Achilles beat Pasha Kent
Dels' Bacy Anecdote. 15-12; C. Bonar's Wild
>,orah beat T. J. Cronln's Wild Tralee 5-4-
D. H. Healey*s Tapioca beat George- Shaxman's
Annie Lawrence, 8-5; Pas ha Kennels' Royal
Anne beat D. J. Healey-s Urania, 4-2; Engine
& Jones' Lavender beat T. Barre's Wait a
Little, 4-J; Curtis & Sons' Cash beat J. Smith's
Master Tn'orkraan, 4-0; J. Carroll's Alaste-
Clalre & bye: Sterl & KnowW Olita. beat Cur
tis & Sons' War Eagle, 22-lls F. A. MoComb'a
Sir Pasha beat Russell & Allen's Strayawav
13-6; George Shannan's Black Flush beat D
Toland-s Pleasant Girl. 3-2; H. A. Deckelman's
Snapshot beat O. Zahl's Miss Wilson, Z-l- Cur
tis & Sons' Rector beat B. Silvia's Reannex,
22-U; George Parkinson's Ben Lomond beat
P.ussell A Allen's Wedding Bells, 3-4; E.
Geary's Bonnie Pasha a bye; Hussell & Allen 1 *
First Foot beat A, Johnson's Bald Eat?l» 24-14-
T. T1erney*s Lucretia Borgia beat LaiicSo A
Gcrber's Rienzi, 3-0; J. Derapsey's Jingle Bells
teat J. Simon's Master Lawrence, 5-0; Maher
& Reid's Bad Boy beat £. M. Kellocg*s Kid
McCoy. 5-1; E. Geary's America beat R. L>.
Taylor's Beauty Spot. 6-0; Russell & Allen's
Daisy Claire a bye; Pasha Kennels' Bel!» Clatr*
beat Captain Cane's Greenhall, t-0; O. Len
non's Half Moon beat Curtis & Sons' Echov
Third round— Fiery Face beat Herscher*
Pride. 3-0; Warpath beat St. Ives, 13-7; Mac's
Melody beat Minnie Wa Wa, 3-1; Wild Norah
beat Achilles. 6-1; Tapioca beat Royal Anne.
6-2: Lavender beat Cash. 4-1; Master Clalrw
btat Olita. 17-15; Sir Pasha beat Black Flush
10-8; nector beat Snapshot. 7-5; Ben Lomond
boat Bonnie Pasha. 4-3: First Foot beat Lu
cretla Borgia. 7-6: Jingle Bells beat Bad Boy
14-6; Daisy Claire beat America, 4-0; Half
.Moon beat Belle Claire. 13-7.
Fourth round— Fiery Face beat Warpath
SUH; Wild Norah beat Mac's Melody S-0-
Lavender beat Tapioca, 12-5; Sir Pasha beat
Master Claire. 5-0: Ben Lomond a bye; First
Foot b*at Jlnde Bells, 17-10; Daisy Clalro beat
Half Moon, «-0.
Fifth round— Wild Korah beat Fiery Fac»
5-0: Lavender beat Sir Pasha, S-4; Ben Lomond
beat First Foot. 4-1; Daisy Claire a bye.
Sixth round — Wild Norah beat Lavender
M-6: Daisy Claire beat Ben Lomond, 3-2.
Deciding course— Daisy Clalro beat Wild
Korah. 8-0.
Introductory stake, first round— Cart!s A
Pons" Anchor beat Pasha » Kennels* Rural
Artist. $-6; J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat Walsh,
& Heenan's Sacramento Boy, 4-2: D. J. H>a
ley's Lady Clalr* beat F. Jones' Hariean
Gladys. 4-7; P. J. Re!lly*s Royal Union beat
Pasha Kennels' Risky Attempt. «-4; Curtis S*
Bons' Flying- Fox beat Russell & Allen's Spite
ful, «-5: Curtis & Sons' Beacon beat R. I* Tay
lor's Mose, S-J: E.' Geary's Palo Alto beat Cur
tij & Sons' Narcissus. 9-8; H. A. Deckeltnan'a
Rocker beat P. J. Relliys Honesty. 4-0.
Second round — Brutus beat Anchor. 13-11:
Lady Cla!r« beat Royal Union. 4-2: Palo Alts)
beat Flying Fox. 7-0; Beacon beat Rocker,
8-0.
Third round— Lady C!a!r» beat Brutus. (-1;
Palo Alto beat Beacon. S-5.
Deciding course — Palo Alto beat Lady Clalr*.
5-0.
TURF CONGRESS
WILL DISAPPEAR
In Its Place Will Rise a
New and Powerful
Organization.
E*sults of the Porthcomlng Mat
ing to Be Held in Chicago
Will Startle th* Bac
\ Ing "World.
From recenst Eastern advices received
It la prophesied that the forthcoming
meeting to be held by the American Turf
Congress at the "Wellington Hotel. Chi
cago, on %Y>dneeday. January 16. is to be
an exceedingly warm one. The forecaster
• xrho transmits the Intelligence likewise
cays it will result in a complete dissolu
• tion of the congress. This is startling
news to the turf world, for the American
Turf Congress was considered well nigh
Impervious to the assaults of time and its
enemies.
According to the very latest advices the
American Turf Congress will become a
thing of the past, but in its 6tead will rise
a netv organization, more powerful in its
eway and more dictatorial in its policy.
The new association, whose name Is yet a
matter of conjecture, ¦will be represented
&t the commencement by probably seven
different Jockey clubs, among the cities
represented being Memphis, Louisville,
Chicago, St. Louis and San Francisco.
The letter states that Lansing Misner. one
of the stewards of the San Francisco
Jockey Club, is now in Chicago and will
represent Tar.foran Park at the coming
meeting. Indeed, it Is said that the San
Mateo club has been adjudged guilty of
flirting with the Chicago racing associa
tions In their efforts to smother the
emaller Southern racing centers.
Reviewing the ruffled turf horizon, the
rew organization, it is caid. will be most
exacting in its demands. Every club or
racing association becoming a member
Trtll receive a license, and dates will be
Bet for all tracks In the West and south
of the Mason and Dixon line. Dates will
fce allotted to tracks not members of the
new cor.grees, and unless these dates are
lived up to the tracks in question will be
outlawed. This is a very arbitrary stand,
but weak as the present Turf Congress
is la regard to rules and regulations, the
sew one is to be as solid and unwieldlng
as the rock of Gibraltar.
This, of course, will place the Califor
nia Jockey Club and the San Francisco
Jockey Club in a very peculiar position.
They must either accept the dates as
signed or become outlawed. The opinion
generally p're vails that if there are to be
two great racing associations there should
be three. The climatic conditions of Cali
fornia are entirely different from the
Bouth end Middle West, the people and
the customs are different, and there Is no
valid reason why this State should b« dic
tated to by a body of turfmen unfamiliar
•with our ways and more than 2000 miles
nway." •,
A*t the meeting to bo held at Chicago on
January 16 the Question will arise as to
what disposition is to be made of the $40,
000 or 550,000 In the American Turf Con
gress fund. In all likelihood It will be
distributed among the different associa
tions now members of the congress.
HOW LOVERS OF SPORTS ENJOY THEMSELVES ON A RAINY SUNDAY
THB_SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 1901.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United ' States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and , Heights of High and Low
Waters at* Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay^ Published • by official au
• '..-¦¦ thorlty of the Superintendent.
* , NOTE— The hl«h and low waters occur at the
city, front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty-
Ove' minutes later than at Fort Point;, the
height of ; tide Is the same at both placet.
NOTE— In the above exposition of th« tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In tha order of occurrence aa to time o{
day, the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tldea, as sometimes occurs. -The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except whan a
minus slgm < — > precedes the height, and then
the number given la subtracted from the depth
given by "the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
6
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Australia. .".
Albion....:.
Curacao."....
Mexico.....".
Empire.....
Pomona.....
G. Elder....
Roanoke. .'. .
Bonlta. ...7;
City Peking
Peru..
Queen.:.."..".
Nome City..
Fulton. '.":.:".
Alliance.....
State Cal...
Arcata......
Corona:.....
Rival. ::".rr.
Tahiti" .......
Honolulu . . . .
Miiilcan Pts.
Mexican Pts.
Coos Bay.....
Humboldtf ...
Portland .....
Pan. & Way.
Newport
China & Jap.
Pan. & ? Way .
Ban Diego....
Seattle"....".".
Grays Harbor
Ptld * C.B.
Vic & Pgt Sd
Coos Bay.". . . :
Newport .....
Wlllapa Har.
Jan. 7. 10 amr
Jan." 7, 12 m
Jan. * 7, 10 am
Jan. 7, 12 m
Jan. 8. 10 am
Jan.* 8, 2 pm
Jan. 8, 11 am
Jan. :. 8, 2 pm
Jan. 8, 9 am
Jan. v 8, . 1 pm
Jan. 9. 12 m
Jan. 9, 9 am
Jan. 9, ¦,....'.
Jan. -9. ...v..
Jan. 1 10. 10 am
Jan. 11. 11 am
Jan. 11, 12; m
Jan.* 11, 9 am
Jan.* 11, 5 pm
Pier, 7
Pier -2
Pier 11
s w<
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier 34
Pier 11
PMSS
PMSS'
Pier 11
Pier 20
Pier 20.
Pier —
Pier »
Pier 13
Pier 11
Phsr 1
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Washtenaw.. . ..
Empire..
San Jose.......
Newport........
Matte wan.......
State of Cal....
Santa Barbara.
Nome. City
Fulton;
Gaelic...........
Alliance.........
Arcata....
Corona
yamoa.. .........
Eureka..........
Newburu. ......
Point Arena. . . .
Santa Rosa.....
Columbia
Robert Dollar..
Rainier. r:.V.:*..
W.'H. Kroner..
Crescent City...
North Fork.....
Tacoma ; Jan. 7
Coos Bay Jan. 7
Nanatmo Jan. 7
Panama & Way Ports. Jan. 7
Tacoma Jan. 7
Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 7
Grays Harbor Jan: 7
Seattle Jan. 7
Grays Harbor ..;.. Jan. 7
China and Japan Jan. I
Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan.. S
Coos Bay Jan. »
Newport ................. Jan. 9
Humboldt Jan. 9
Humbolrtt .......... Jan. 9
Grays Harbor Jan. 10
Point Arena ............. Jan. lft
Ban Diego Jan. 10
Portland Jan. 10
Seattle Jan. 10
Seattle •• Jan. 10
Grays Harbor Jan. 10
Crescent City Jan. 10
Humboldt Jan. 11
O Time Tlme| Time Time
9 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
- • H W L W H W L W -
7... 1:4S 6.2 «:37 t.t 12:40 5.«l 7:20—0.3
¦«... J:26 5.2 7:30 2.5 1:31 5.2 7:53 0.3
> ... 3:01 6.1 8:30 1.5 2:25 I.S 8:30 0.7
10 ... S:40 5.3 9:34 2.3 3:23 4.2 9:10 1.3
11 ... 4:18 5.3 10:36 1.9 4:33 3.5 9:53 1.7
12 ... 4:58 5.1 11:21 2.2 5:43 S.6 10:401 2.0
13... 6:39 S.5| 12:501 I.S 7:02 ».5i 11:31] 2.4
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Australia. .".
Albion....:.
Curacao."....
Mexico.....".
Empire.....
Pomona.....
G. Elder....
Roanoke. .'. .
Bonlta. ...7;
City Peking
Peru..
Queen.:.."..".
Nome City..
Fulton. '.":.:".
Alliance.....
State Cal...
Arcata......
Corona:.....
Rival. ::".rr.
Tahiti" .......
Honolulu . . . .
Miiilcan Pts.
Mexican Pts.
Coos Bay.....
Humboldtf ...
Portland .....
Pan. & Way.
Newport
China & Jap.
Pan. & ? Way .
Ban Diego....
Seattle"....".".
Grays Harbor
Ptld * C.B.
Vic & Pgt Sd
Coos Bay.". . . :
Newport .....
Wlllapa Har.
Jan. 7. 10 amr
Jan." 7, 12 m
Jan. * 7, 10 am
Jan. 7, 12 m
Jan. 8. 10 am
Jan.* 8, 2 pm
Jan. 8, 11 am
Jan. :. 8, 2 pm
Jan. 8, 9 am
Jan. v 8, . 1 pm
Jan. 9. 12 m
Jan. 9, 9 am
Jan. 9, ¦,....'.
Jan. -9. ...v..
Jan. 1 10. 10 am
Jan. 11. 11 am
Jan. 11, 12; m
Jan.* 11, 9 am
Jan.* 11, 5 pm
Pier, 7
Pier -2
Pier 11
s w<
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier 34
Pier 11
PMSS
PMSS'
Pier 11
Pier 20
Pier 20.
Pier —
Pier »
Pier 13
Pier 11
Phsr 1
O Time Tlme| Time Time
9 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
- • H W L W H W L W -
7... 1:4S 6.2 «:37 t.t 12:40 5.«l 7:20—0.3
¦«... J:26 5.2 7:30 2.5 1:31 5.2 7:53 0.3
> ... 3:01 6.1 8:30 1.5 2:25 I.S 8:30 0.7
10 ... S:40 5.3 9:34 2.3 3:23 4.2 9:10 1.3
11 ... 4:18 5.3 10:36 1.9 4:33 3.5 9:53 1.7
12 ... 4:58 5.1 11:21 2.2 5:43 S.6 10:401 2.0
13... 6:39 S.5| 12:501 I.S 7:02 ».5i 11:31] 2.4
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Washtenaw.. . ..
Empire..
San Jose.......
Newport........
Matte wan.......
State of Cal....
Santa Barbara.
Nome. City
Fulton;
Gaelic...........
Alliance.........
Arcata....
Corona
yamoa.. .........
Eureka..........
Newburu. ......
Point Arena. . . .
Santa Rosa.....
Columbia
Robert Dollar..
Rainier. r:.V.:*..
W.'H. Kroner..
Crescent City...
North Fork.....
Tacoma ; Jan. 7
Coos Bay Jan. 7
Nanatmo Jan. 7
Panama & Way Ports. Jan. 7
Tacoma Jan. 7
Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 7
Grays Harbor Jan: 7
Seattle Jan. 7
Grays Harbor ..;.. Jan. 7
China and Japan Jan. I
Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan.. S
Coos Bay Jan. »
Newport ................. Jan. 9
Humboldt Jan. 9
Humbolrtt .......... Jan. 9
Grays Harbor Jan. 10
Point Arena ............. Jan. lft
Ban Diego Jan. 10
Portland Jan. 10
Seattle Jan. 10
Seattle •• Jan. 10
Grays Harbor Jan. 10
Crescent City Jan. 10
Humboldt Jan. 11
Trying to conduct a large business with-
out capital is a good deal like trying to
sharpen a lead pencil with a pair of tcii-
eors.
Baces! Races! Baces!
Overnight San Francisco prices, prob-
able scratches, Jockeys and other Infor-
mation of value. Correspondence solic-
ited. Jackson & Co., S15 Ellis St., S. F. •
. Cousin Kthel— Did Santa bring yon
everything you wanted. Freddy?
Freddy (In disappointed tones)— Naw
he only brought me a sled, an' a blcvcl?"
an* a goat, an* a football, an' a gun an :
a aojer suit, an' some- marbles, an' a ho-n
an' a pair o f skates, an' a whip, an' soni \
books, an' a spress wagon, an" a-a-aorn^
candy, an' that's all.~Xrutk a -*-, s0I3aEngland « has ¦'¦', no : journal of forestry.-
Germany, has several, one of which ia in
its seventy-sixth 5 year.
Baron I/econfield.
LONDON, Jan.,; 6.— Henry "Wyndham,
Baron Le«onfleld, w formerly captain of ! the
First Life Guards and member, of, Parlia
ment for West Sussex ln the Conservative
interest from 1854 to ISO, is dead, aged 73
':/ ¦:---.-—¦: . ¦ ¦
¦-•...". ¦. _ •..-.' ' ¦
CALL HEADQUARTERS, 1406 G
STREET. N. W., WASHINGTON, Jan.
6.— In the opinion of Senator Frye the
passage of the ship Bubsidyblll In the
Senate Is now a eert«nnty. The Senatorial
steering committee intends to continue
the measure ln the legislative programme
until It has been voted upon, even If It
becomes necessary to hold night sessions.
Senator Fry© will not foreshadow the
result In the House, but he has no concern
whatever as to the fate cf the measure
ln the Senate.
SUCCESS OF
SUBSIDY BILL
IS ASSURED
OHDEBS BOXES ABMY TO MOVE.
SHANGHAI. Jan. 6.— It Is reported from
Singanfu that the Empresa Dowager haa
ordered General Feng Tse Tsal, com
mander in the province of Tunkan. to pro
ceed with his army to the Yangtse Valley
and from that section to move northward.
Hi* force is said to consist of 15,000 men,
armed with modern weapons.
Count von Waldersee," it 13 asserted,
has arranged with Prince Ching and LI
Hung Chang that the allied troops are not
to operate In the prefectures of Shunte.
Huangplng and Taming, ln the province
Of Chill. .
James Ware Bradbury.
AUOtrSTA. Me.. Jan. 8-— Former United
States Senator Jameo War© Bradbury died
at his home In this city to-day of. bron
chitis, aged nearly 99 year*.
LONDON. Jan. 7.— This morning's news i
from Cape. Town is again unsatisfactory.
Martial law has been proclaimed at
Malmesbury, and would have -been pro
claimed in other districts but that tho
Cabinet meeting called Saturday was un
able to agree as to its advisability.
The vagueness of tho Information con
cerning ; the movementB and position of
the Invaders has sent a fresh cold fit over
the colonists, and Cape Town calls loudly
for strong reinforcements from England,
on the ground that the greater part of.
Lord Kitchener's available force is em
ployed in protecting the lines of com
munication and the Rand mines, the lat
ter extending for a distance of fifty
miles. 1 •>.-;;
It is asserted by one Cape Town corre
spondent that unless the forces in Capo
Colony are Increased a most, undesirable
state of affairs may result, as the suc
cess In arms of the invaders, however
slight, might be a signal for a putch ris
ing As it Is, many British residents have
had to leave the Dutch villages near Cape
Town, their lives being unbearable. .
According to a native report a hundred
men either Boers -or local farmers, have
just passed through the Clan William dis
trict In* the direction of Malmesburg.
The Cape Town^coirespondent of , the
Daily Mail, who calls for - 40,000 fresa
troops, says: "Prominent Afrikander
loyalists 'declare that the rebellious col
onists .will ; construe the ; colonial : call . to
arms as a challenge, and that the omin
ous* silence - of the pro-rebels, combined
with the- fact that- the; members : of the
pro-Boer Junta in Ca?e Town < have been
touring ln the disaffected districts. ., em
phasizes the • necessity for martial law.t
Tha. necessity was never more acut© for
dispatching: reinforcements. Already there
is proof that colomais are leading: one
commando."
' The military movements reported are
quite unimportant, though Portugal is
sending re'tiforcements to Lourenzo Mar
quez. Dr. I-^yds, according to The Haguo
correspondent of the Daily Mail. Is re
cruiting in Holland, Belgium, France and
Germany, and his recruits will be sent to
Namaqualand, ostensibly as emigrants,
each roan receiving £50 down on starting.
In a letter to the Times this morning
the Earl of Dnnraven, emphasizing the
"very grave situation In ¦ South Africa."
warns the country to distrust the opin
ions -of experts on the spot and to be
ready for the unexpected.- Ha complains
of the "Inertia of th'j authorities," and
urges the necessity of large reinforce
ments. . , . v • 1 ¦ •-
The Cape Town correspondent of tho
.Times, who confirms the reports of ' th-3
multiplicity of .-the- Boer commandos,
says: "Nearly five-sixths of the British
troops are employed to guard the lines
of communication and to garrison towns.
leaving a very small- number, partly un
mounted, to pursue the enemy. Large.re
inforcements are '¦' advisable; and thesn
would be cheaper In the end. -The' dam
age which the Boers did to the Klelnfon
teln Is officially estimated at £2x0.000." .¦.-. .-i
LISBON. Jan. 6.— Additional reinforce
ments have .been ordered to Lourenzo
Marquee. . ¦
Besides President Wheeler's own report
an account is given of recent dircoverlea
and researches at the Lick Observatory
on Mount Hamilton, written by the exeat
astrophysicist. Director James E. Keeler
just brfore his death; reports on the work
of the art. law. medical, post-praduat*
medical, dental, pharmaceutical and vet
erinary departments :n San Francisco* a
statement of recent faculty changes' a
bibliography for the members of the" fac
ulty covering the past two years Invalu
able statistical tables compiled by Record
er James Button, a financial statement
reports from the officers of faculty and
student organizations and a list of recent
gifts to the university. detent
This list of jrlfts is Burprlsin* in Its va
riety and notable as containing the first
attempt ever made at an authentic state-
w Cnt T>v v 1 h » r^ untlesR^ beneficences of
Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst, the woman Recent.
The statement \u unavoidably fncom
pl £\ '«; Mm. H*anrt'« is the generosity
S. hl w. h . W '?. frei O the r!^ nt na nd What
the left is doing, but detailed flmires cr«
jrlvori i who** mm is J271.B66 65. This total
include* the expense of the Hearst Inter
national architectural competition, made
public for the first time !n thin report
1125.029. but does not embrace the $30000
or more which Mrs. Hearst is spending
every year ln purchases and excavation!
of Egyptian. Grecian. Roman, early Chrl"
tlan. Byzantine. Philippine. Peruvian"
Mexican and Amer.can antiquities' for Mia
university museum. Ior ine
The list contains also a statement n f
Mrs. Jane K. Bather** recent mSnlflceni
eift of $75,000 to endow a chair in some
field of classical literature, of between JIB
000 and J2S.CX) worth of property to' endow
a law library fund, of $10,000 to establish
the Jane K. Bather library fund and of
her execution of a trust -leed. whose con
tents are still unknown, by which the uni
versity will benefit greatly.
For the year IS98-99:
dren ln which, he said, conditions of nee
lect and exDosure obtained. He argued
that the disposition of abandoned babes
was a grave problem, and it was his Idea
that parents of illegitimate children
should be held to a strict accounting of
responsibility for them. Ills plan, and
one that had been adopted by many in
stitutions, provided and demanded that
mothers of such offspring should remain
with their children at least a year. Con
tinuing. Dr.. Hart said:
This California system ! is regarded quite
doubtfully by many people who have given
this work careful Investigation. While these,
subsidized Institutions are apt . to . be well
officered, with warm interest on the part of
the public, the tendency Is Irresistible to ac
cumulate large numbers of children. In New
York there are 80,000 children ln eubeldUed In
stitutions and I have seen In one of them
3C0 adults who ha\-e grown up jj in the- place
to manhood and womanhood. There Is a tend
ency to ke^p children as long as the app'ropria
tion Is kept up. , There are very grave diffi
culties'Involved and the whole trend of the
situation seems to favor getting children Into
family homes early. Here in California you
must seriously consider the trend of opinion
and thought upon this subject.
In this connection I was much interested In
the work of Father Crowley of the Youths*
Directory of San ¦ Francisco, which handles
only Catholic children. His house accommo
dates 150 children. Last year he handled 683.
Ot these 200 went back to their parents and
more than 400 were sent out to homes, mostly
to farm 'homes In this State. He had $20,000
Boer Commandos Increasing in Number and
Some of Them Contain Dutch Colonists.
OAKLAND. Jan. 7.— "Child-Saving and
the Care of Dependent Children" was the
general theme of discussion at the special
sessions this afternoon and evening of the
California State Conference of Charities
and Correction. The sudden and unex
pected call East of Dr. Hastings H- Hart
made necessary his last appearances to
day before the conference. The eminent
philanthropist devoted the afternoon to an
address upon general phases of the sub
ject and during the evening session went
into much detail, illustrating his talk with
a wide selection of ptereoptlcon views of
institutions and of the various forms of
work in the department of child studv.
Dr. Hart declared the system of the
State subsidy of private .institutions for
child care was not in line with the best
thought and urged a careful investigation
of the subject.
Dr. Mary Roberts Smith of Stanford
University presided at the afternoon ses
sion. In introducine Dr. Hart Dr. Smith
referred to the vast Importance of child
paving work and the need of an Intelligent
direction concerning methods.
Dr. Hart spoke of the absence of legis
lation ln his own State of Illinois until
two years ago upon the care of dependent
and abandoned children. He condemned
the professional boarding houses for chil-
CAPE TOWN CALLS FOR
HEAVY REINFORCEMENTS
"CAM/ HEADQUARTERS, 1406 G
STREET, N. W., WASHINGTON. Jan.
6.— Representative Kahn will to-morrow
introduce a bill regulating and prohibit
ing the coming- of Chinese persons into "the
United States. : :Z23BS&&
The first section continues In force all
the existing Chinese exclusion laws for
twenty years after May 5, 1902."
Section two commits the administration
of the Chinese exclusion laws to the Bu
reau of Immigration.
Section three provides for an appeal to
the United States District Cc^rt from the
Judgment of the United States Commis
sioner on the part of the United States
Government, as well as on the part of
Chinese persons. •
The first six sections are devoted to tho
trial of Chinese persons accused of belntr
unlawfully in this country, while the sub
sequent sections provide for the procedu-o
ln the matter of Chinese exclusion.
Section 7 gives the Commissioner of Im
migration jurisdiction - to ¦ determine \ the
right of a Chinese person '¦ to i land, and if
that right is based. on citizenship the al
leged birth in this country of the Chinesa
person must be proved by the . cestimonv
of a creditable .white: person 'and an au
thenticated copy of the record of the birth
of the applicant, which said record must
have : been ; actually made and recorded
within one year of the birth of thg appli
cant.' ¦'•¦¦'" . ¦'• ' ' - .¦- . . .-¦" ' ' .. '" ' : -' - -• . .
! The bill turther provides that if Chlneae
who have lawful. right to enter the United
States shall do so clandestinely they shall
be deportedlnlike manner as lf,th*»y had
no such lawful right:; It also provides for
the punishment of persons '¦ issuing falsa
or fradulent certificates, and 'a penalty la
fixed' for .the false ¦ or fraudulent . use of
genuine certificates. ¦ * .
Income from private sources and says he will
rot have State aid. Father Crowley does not
fellow In the line of most Roman Catholic In
stitutions ln the matter of service. He hires
all of his help and pays good salaries. Most
of. them depend upon the freely given assist
ance of brothers or of platers of the religious
orders, who receive little more than their
beard and clothing. His argument against a
public grant is that people would not be bo
much Interested in the institution If. it were
Fjbsldlzed and he could not get private as
sistance so readily. With a large number of
people the question arises whether It Is .wls»
to put our hands In the public treasury. This
demands serious Investigation. Our Institu
tion ln Chicago receives $5000 a year and ws
will undoubtedly give that up.
Tho care of the dependent, abandoned and
neglected child Is one vulnerable point of at
tack upon the Influences that foster pauperism,
vice and crime. It is a sacred work and there
Is a special responsibility upon you, because
your methods of public grants to private In
stitutions are questioned.
The hospitals will be considered during
the morning session. I Father Crowley,
Dr. Dorothea Moore and otherB prominent
in social settlement and institution work,
will deliver addresses.
The theme for Monday evening will be
Co-operation Between Public and Pri
vate Charities." Mrs. Pauline Dohrmann
of the Stockton Associated Charities and
Andrew Davis of the Emporium, San
•Francisco, will be the leaders. Mr. Davis
will explain the Denver and Liverpool
plan of supporting piivate charities.
WILL INTRODUCE
EXCLUSION BILL
(a) "Ho Messo Nove Corde al . Mandollno"
(Gounod): (b) "Spinning Wheel" (Henschel);
(c) "Les Kllles de Cadiz" (Dellbes); (d) "Fruh
llnggnacht" (Schumann), Miss Berglund; "To
the Evening Star" (Wagner), Mr. McBride;
mad scene from "Hamlet" (Ambrolse
Thomafc). Mlsa Berjrlund; (a) "A Leaf." <b)
"Night," (c) "Morning." (d) "Memorlee." (e)
"Reveries" (Neldllnger), Mies Berglund; (a)
"My Little Love" ¦ (Hawley) ; (b) "By the Sea"
(Schubert). Mr. McBride: (a) "The Auld Plaid
Shawl" (Hynes). <b) "Missing Boat" (Old
Welsh), (c) "I'm Ower Young" (Old Scotch),
Miss Berglund. -
done most excellent musical work. She Is
a graduate of the State University, and
developed a voice of such great value that
she has continued her musical studies
ever since and has finally decided to tako
advantages of the larger opportunities
offered in New York for study. *
Mtss Berglund's farewell concert will be
a musical event of no little importance.
She will be assisted by George B. Me-
Bride and Mrs. Margaret Cameron-Smith.
The programme will be elaborate, includ
ing the mad scene from AmbrolseThomaa'
"Hamlet." The programme will be ps
OAKLAND. Jan. 6.-Miss Alma
Berglund will Bay farewell to
Oakland next Thursday evening in
a eong recital at the First Uni
tarian 'Church. Miss Berglund,
who is so well and favorably known for
the quality of her voice, will go to New
York for a season of study and culture,
and may even visit the musical centers of
th© old world. Miss Berglund is already
well and favorably known in both Oak
land and San Francisco, where she has
DR. HART SAYS ORPHAN ASYLUMS
SHOULD NOT ACCEPT STATE AID
WEtL KNOWN AND POPULAR VOCALIST OP OAKLAND WHO IS GOING TO NEW YORK AND PROBABLY
TO EUROPE TO FURTHER CULTIVATE HER VOICE, AND WHO WILL GIVE A FAREWELL CONCERT IN
THE FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH.
relation through wtll-formulated courses to the
f hi. tS i? f the unlv «™«tV- The number of
public high schools accredited by the unlver
&! 5 MW 5 was "• ln 1S?8 ' 99 76 - and ln wm
9 0 the number had risen to 87. The number of
rriyate schools accredited in 1889-tO was 2. In
1SS1-9S 15. and 1S3M900 M. There Is one stu
lo" 1 at th * unIverltt >' t0 every 419 of popula-
In determining the income of the unlx-erstty
which hip available for strictly educational pur
poses, it is necessary to deduct from the (rross
lncrrne the income of special funds entrusted
tr> the care of the reg-ents for other, though
related, purposes, and a'so the amounts which
ore recessarllj- eet aside for other objects than
the maintenance cf teaching at Berkeley such
e - T for Jn f >nce. the WIlmerdlnR School fund,
the Uck ubservattfry appropriations., scholar
ship and loan fund* and the fund for building
nnd the purchase of land: after such deduction
the income proper of the university for the
present year and the past three years Is as
follows: lt97-J»V fai.WfX: 1*31-93 J31191J20-
UK-lttM, J326.7MM: for 1900-01 (estimated).'
B1..M5. These years Include the period durin*
which the eecond one-cent bill has been In ef
fect. The Increase for the year l«i>8-99 over
the preceding year was occasioned by th* fact
that durir.jr that year the university received
ftara the State fi6.747 BO. bein* three and a
half years- interest en deferred funda which
the controller, through a defect In the act ap
propriatfrr the Interest, had decjlned to pay.
The estimated Inccme for the present year
provld»« fcr the 2300 students entrusted to our
care on average of JIM per student. This
represents, so far as I can find, the cheapest
«.1ucrtlon per capita attempted by any uni
versity in the country of like, or approximate
ly like, standing. Comparisons with other uni
versities are rendered difficult and misleading
because of the necessity of procuring strictly
comparable flrure*; It Is not. for instance rea-
F^ n «'^VL roTT1rare dlrPp tly Harvard's Income
of H.40<\riOO with our income, for the reason
that a considerable portion of Harvard's In
come must be applied to the support of pro
fanoea] iCbooli and other purposes not rep
re«=cnted In por scheme of education.
Certain very carefully prepared tables which
have been placed at my disposal by Professor
I^euxrhner. undertake to make a strictly ac
curate comparison of the resources of the col
\r>cr« at Berkeley and the cont per student for
corresponding- collepes. or departments of Har
vard. Columbia and Cblcaco; for the year
[ttt-OT these tables yield the following sum
mary:
ERKELEY. Jan. C.-Thp fore
po!n? are what President Ben
jRroin I<J«? Wheeler, term." the
vital needs of the University of
California. President Wheeler's
f.rFt biennial report to Governor of th*
Slate on behalf of The University Re
rent- has Ju«t been issued from the uni
verslty press. It is a comprehensive re
port of the work of the university for
1SS-1900 and offers many suggestions for
the future of the State's institution of
>urr.ir.c Besides concisely enumerating
:*•.* vital necessities of the university.
President Wheeler poes Into mar.y otner
rr.anrrs of paramount Interest. In open
:r.p his report he says:
In p-eeer.t'.rif th{* my flret format report crn
oerctac the workVnd condition of the Unlver
rtty 3 California. I should deceive . m >' b "f •
tr.uch If I «M nnt clearly recognise that the
ofcaerrattoa ef a *mrl* 5>ar it an inrufflctent
hada uinn which tn cnnFtnict secure and nnai
«y<!irm«>rt* a» to th* efficiency and «» tn the
; f^if of an institution established a? this is
in a peculiar, nnd. in cir.e regard*, unique
emrtrotancnt stk! powesFed of reaaanawy nrm
tradition* ar.<* wel!-4*t*rmmed acalemic char-
Fcter. ac wril a* rather unusual ccmplex.ty or
Interests and orranlratlcns. What I shall saj
win be said in full consciou?n*ss of nab lity
to superficial. Immature and incorrect cen
sfsllsattea «« snU «* to undue application or
« jEj.eT<»-nc<? acquired under other eurrounniaKR.
Th» •?o"«->winz characteristics cf the univer
sity Impress then-. wives upnn my first observa
t'.cn: It is a found, sturdy, 4lenlfiW lnrtitu
t'.cn strongly intrenched in the love Of its
Blnnml and Om prid- of the State. It stands
in a uniquely cloise and helpful relation to the
schoo) system of the State. A larser propor
tion of "it* *tud«*nts crmes from the public
1 'ch schools of its own Prate than 1* the case
with p.T.y -iher larpe tnstltotton in the coun
trr. It» position in properly isolated proTim
•iv tn a Kreat cltv cf world ;tnx*o*'tftri'*e <Far?
rr*r.c!*co> combine* all that csn b* assert for
the Btta cf a exeat feat of learning-. Itc equip
ment and Income have been steadily outcrewn
!n !t» rapid <".*velopm*«t : its buflilr.ps are en
fr*lv uusimUty its standing and Its work.
lta firm ntfherence to rec^pnlzed academic
rtar.dar<*.» ha* firm !t» work and Its degrees
r*e<«nld0a with the best.
Tn d!scufsi::K the professional schools in
Fan Krancisco President Wheeler says:
A strlkir.it peculiarity of the university's or
ran'.saticn "is the existence of a number cf
rr.cre cr lens closely connected professional
VCbinohl located in Fin Francisco. Unless these
r-r-fCFFicrta! schools csn ultimately become as
f-illy End entirely merped in the university ms
• r.y' one of the departments at Berkeley. It
sj-ems to me defirr.ble that the connection
«h"cia terminate. The university cannot be
b-li* respone'.bie for that which It cannot con
trol.
Continuing the report fays:
tn previous years the number of students
!'^"ririK in Berkeley, that is. havir.jf rooms and
r akinc their home in Berkeley <Jurlr.c the
tma, tias bee-n unfortunately small, but this
proportion has iteafflly increased: In 1854-9S,
't was ri per cent: in IS3L-9*, MV4 Per cent; In
irSC-«7. C7J per cent; !n 1S7T-9S. 17.4 per cent:
hi ISS-M. O.I per cent: in IKW-ISOO. 65 per
root : and the present year show* 71.9 per cent.
JCesrly three-c,uart*T« of the students, there
fore, are at present makinic their home dur
lri« the rei-ind of their education In Berkeley.
brlieve this to represent a fortunate ten
rteney; an important part of university train-
Ins; come* from that contact with university
!if# which can h» al^ne attained when the
etuder.t live* at the university. A university
sh'mld not be a day school, and except In
«-»r#s where the tiecewy'tlen of the student com
pel his return to hi* home at niirht. residence
at Berkeley should be encourared. tVe are.
f'.ad to note that the percentage rt pra/!uat<»
ttudents lodging- !n Berkeley is nearly as great
as of .the undergraduates, being ** j per cent
for graduate students. 72.1 r>er cent for under
rraduates. Thi« seems to give some reason
able assurance that the irreat majority of those
registered as jrradustte students are not mere
Incidental or occasional visitors at the univer
sity, but are seriously engraored In constant.
Of the? 16C5 rtuflent* In attendance, for the
year 1S57-98. the birthplaces of all hut Keren
were rejiortM. Of the number 1033 were born
«-1tMn the Et»te of California, ROf. !n other
f=t*te« of the Vnitea State*. 120 In forelrn <-oun
trle«. mnJanr a. total ef «S5 born ©utsifle of
•"e'lfornla. The percentage cf California born
rtuflent« 1* slightly hirher among the unaer
r~»>!uate« than among the graduate etuflentu;
ef FTl r^ular and limited un4«?rcra<1uate In
trant* of the present year. 190<M)l, 341 -were
born la California, 13^ In other Statea of the
Vnftpfl Ftat**. 28 In foreign countries; among
th# V*1 rrartaate« of th« university op to and
toc!u£lr.«r the year 1895. EOJ were born in Call
?orn'a, tU mrt»lfl» of the Ftate. «n<J tn the cane
«f 1R« we hove In the office no record concrn
lnr Mrthplare.
Taking all the firaren into aoeoont. It it *v\-
Atnt that th« perr* n tare of California born
rrudersts closely approximate* «0 per cent In
¦ !1 the different rrmjp*. but the admissions of
recent rear» Incline toward a l«»wer percentage
than thoM of earlier years. Th* hlrhent per
rrntage of CaNforr.ia born *tnd#nt« it obtainM
from thos» who ent»r»d between the year* 1SS4
The proportion of women among; th« onder
rrajiuatee ha» etea«!y Increased. In 1W6-97
out cf a total of Itn. 827 w«r» men. f.r.o women'
for the year 1SS3-1900, out of a total of 17S3
VA **rt men. Sit women. The percentage of
nonifli tor the pa*t four ytmrn la n , follows
:r^c-rr. ss.w; is>t-»«. «.*; isss-m, uzz ; i8»»-i9<»
4t. The proportion of women amon* the In
rranta for the present year, 1900-01. win approx
imate 4% per cent. It it noticeable that the
pr<n>ortlon of women la considerably greater
in the *r«"neral courses, that 1«. those of the
coiierea of letters, social Beieneeg, natural
•'lenrea end rommerce, than 1n the unIv«?r«ltY
a* a vrtiole. Tha proportion of women In the S «
'-it3r»"B for the year l«»S-«7 wu C2.74 per cent-
I*?7-S*. R7.74 per cent; 18W-9». Cl per cent: 1899
1W>. C3.24 T>er cent. In other words, for th«
rear ISM-jfOO nearly two-thlrfa of the BtudenU
in the eol!ef M of letters, social sciences, na
tural sciences and commerce wer« women. In
the onllea-e of social seiencea alone they con
stituted €8.S p«r cent.
That the demand for women teachers Is in
California relatively strong; seems to be lndj
~atf4 by the fart that the averajte monthly
ralary for female teachers Is higher than !n
ar.r other etate f«4 76; Ma**acbu
setta, I.M 41; Pennsylvania, S37 SO. whereas Cfcl
iforr.ias average ealary for mala teachers
<$S1 (?t Is exceeded by five or elx* other States.
The chief reason for the rapid Increase in
th* nuTuber of students at the university la to
ibc found primarily In th* character of the
population of the State; ther* exists here no
*iaes of the population whioh is willing to
withheld from its children the .fullest oppor
tunity for the highest attainment, for there ia
r.- c!asa which cooedousljr accepts the doom
of iBedlocrlty for Itself and lta children. ¦ The
•pedal reason, however, for the rapid growth
of th« last Saw yean li to be found In th«
Library fanda to the nmoant of 93OO.OOO. i"! .
A library bafldtna; nulled to modern demand* and capable of
extenxlnn wo n* to accommodate thr Itbrnry thnt 1« certain to be
'¦n(rm ».•<! to tlif krenlnic and one of tlilw university*
An nlnnml hall which Khali form (hr center of tho daily «o
olal life of th»» •.indent*, alnrant and tenchrm the Honnton Hall nt
«h*> I»lvfp«lty of IVmit.} Ivnnia fnrnfnlie* a «rood models It In n
fortnnntr thoasrht of our nlninnl that they have undertaken to
provide thin bntldlnfr.
An Art Bntldlnjr. which «hall fnrni«h "belter for the object*
Illimtratlve of art, archaeoloory, antbropolopry, etc.
A School of Forestry.
A nennrtment of Irrigation.
A School of Naval Architecture nnd RnRlneerlnir.
The eminent ponltlon vrhlch •Mpl>nM«lln»r l»n« taUen here by
San Franclnco nay make* It Inenmnent npon the university to
fnmlnh the bent Instruction in what ban now come to be a char
acteristic California art.
A Department of Manic.
A Department of Arehneol osry. It will be necewaary, In con
nection with the Art Xlnlldlnir. which will Include Inrfre archaeo
loclrnl collection*, to employ a number of curatorn, each of whom
whould be master In «ome particular field. The work of the*e
vnrloua specialist* sfaonld he united under the jreneral oversight
of the Incumbent of the chair of archaeolofry.
A School of Architecture. The work which In to be under
taken here wlihln the next few year*. In accordance with the
Hearst architectural plans, will furnish the best practical op
porttinlty thnt could he desired for the development of such a
school. It Is much to be desired thnt the one who shall be the
supervl»lnir architect of these bulldlutrs should be nt the same
time the hend of the school of architecture.
A laboratory for a Department of Djilry Husbandry.
A Department of Physical Chemistry as part of the njeneral
Department of Chemistry. This would require at the first an as
sistant professorship only.
An Instructor or professor of the art of ftpeaklnjr. to be con
nected with the Enfrllsh department.
Inntmetors or professors of the Spanish lnncmioi- and lltera
tnre. of the nusslan lansruaftre nnd literature, and of general lin
er nifctle*.
I-ectnreshtps and professorships for the School of Commerce.
XXL
The theater-goer of the nineteenth cen
tury would find it an easy thing to under
stand the popularity of the comedy called
"Gl" Ingannati," over whose situations
and incidents the theater-goer of old Ven
ice heartily laughed in 1537. The story
that makes the play of "Twelfth Night,
or What You Will," enjoyed widespread
fame in its day. Both Bandello and Cln
thlo selected parts of It for the amuse
ment of their Italian readers, and when
their novels attracted the attention of
foreign readers the stories became great
favoriteo with the English novelists and
playwrights. It was not many years
soon after 1580— before the English story
tellers, such as Barnabe Riche and
Emanuel Forde, were rehearsing the same
incidents for the delectation of their Eng
lish readers. It Is not surprising, then, that
this very popular and entertaining Italian
tale should have become one of Shakes
peare's most pleasing comedies. The pro
tean forms, however, through which this
tale passed, from one story-teller to an
other, baffled the attempts of the re
searcher to discover the play's true origin.
If you compare this play with "The
Comedy of Errors" and "The Two Gentle
men of Verona" you will find a great sim
ilarity In the situations and Incidents, at
times, too, in the characters. Here, for
example, yoM will note the confusion of
identity in the role of Viola and Sebastian
the story of the shipwreck, the disguise of
Viola as a page and her'offlce as messen
ger from her own lover to her own rival,
and numerous other slight shades of re
semblance. Yet there is fascination, a
satisfying Joy to be found in the stage
production of "Twelfth Night," that can
be found again In very few of Shakes
peare's comedies. "As You Like It" seems
to be its rival in the theatrical business of
our day. Wherein lies the fascination?
Up to this period in the history of Shakes
pearean development, if we were able to
trace the methods used by the dramatist,
his choice of scenes, situations, intrigues,
episodes, his knowledge of the effective,
be it in language, action or any other
property known as stage business, we
might gain some Idea of the advancement
of the artist along the lines of his dramat
ic art. It is In the variety, the movement
and the brilliancy of the wit, the force and
clearness of characterization, the har
monious union of the many dramatic ele
ments, named and unnamed, that the de
velopment of the dramatist a work must,
be studied.
By concentratlnar oar attention on some
special part of the play we can gain a
better knowledge of the wonderful work
manship of its author. Let Malvolio be
the special part. The old theater-goers
of 1640 found their greatest pleasure in
Malvolio, and it was he that drew the
crowded houses to "cockpit, galleries and
boxes." The episode of Malvolio, along
with Sir Toby and Sir Andrew, seems to
be original with Shakespeare. The char
acter of Malvolio Is only Italian in name.
It is again one of those examples of
Shakespeare's master feat of welding to
gether the romantic tales of Italy and the
contemporary llf© of bis own English peo
ple.
Criticism has debated and stormed
about the character of Malvolio. Some
thing of a controversy has raged about
him. Lamb writes that up to this time
the traditions of the stage made the char
acter of Malvolio decidedly ludicrous. On
the other hand, there Is a kind of criti
cism that seeks to bring tears to the
reader's eyes when he contemplates the
melancholic dumps and the heartless
treatment with which the lovesick hero
Is overwhelmed. The Daly presentation
of "Twelfth Night" a few years since sat
isfactorily combined the two sides of
"Malvollo's character, allowing the spec
tators to respect the man In his humors
and simultaneously to enjoy the antics
played upon him by Sir Toby and Maria.
But this is the error of the world. To the
world a man may be either a fool or a
knave, while to his creator he Is a harm
less creature with a few foibles. A cre
ative genius, like a Shakespeare or a
Chaucer, never made a character so black
or so blank that there was not room for
a shade of neutral tint, not to speak of
patches of purple. Those creative geni
uses had sympathy with their fellows and
never forgot to employ it in their cre
ations.
The stage has reason to dislike Puritan
ism; hence the ludicrous turn given to the
character of Malvolio. The stage haa
made a fool of him. Malvolio has the
unique position of being the only speci
men of a Puritan satirized by Shake
speare. Here is an opportunity for us de
scendants of Puritan England to see how
sympathetically the artist sketched our
ancestor. Whatever ,may be the purpose
of his wit and humor, however offensive
may have been the Puritanic attitude
toward Shakespeare's own profession, af
fecting perhaps his person and pocket
book, yet the writer did not use his power
to destroy the victim with ridicule, to
heap upon him all the palpable vices and
weaknesses of his class. The playwright
continues to be poetA keeping gayety of
heart himself while treating the specta
tors with the harmlessness of pure fun.
Malvolio is not painted as a repulsive
hypocrite. It would be well to compare
him in this respect with Scott's portrayal
of Puritanism in the figure of Tomkins.
Scott wrecks his creature on the rock of
hypocrisy, making of him a villain, while
Shakespeare makes vanity, self love, the
cause of Malvolio's downfall. Do not
imagine for a, moment then, that Shake
speare is scourging Puritanism under the
mask of Malvolio. His satiric mood is
that of the artist, more subtle, not that
of the hating opponent, full of vengeance.
It is not as Shakespeare's mouthpiece
that Sir Andrew says he desires to "beat
Malvolio like a dog" for being a Puritan.
Malvollo's character, to view it from
another standpoint, is a somewhat tradi
tional one on the English stage. Vanity,
self-love, pomposity, have been human
weaknesses for many eons. Our hero of
first English comedy had a large share of
these foibles — Ralph Roister I>olster — a>id
these foibles caused him to miscalculate)
his power over the hearts of womankind
and slip from the pinnacle of his self
sufficiency. Lyly's Sir Topha3. in "Endym
ion,"has many of the symptoms of Mal
vollo—in their first stage, however. Lovo
has "milked his thoughts," and though he
does not don yellow stockings and cros3
garters, yet he lays aside the implements
of warfare and struggles with the cut of
his beard. Sir Tophas is not troubled
about the cakes and the ale. Thus there
Is a whole line of potential Malvollos of
the earlier English sttge, as we all know,
on every national stage. It la as if Shakes
peare^ again completed the embryonic
character sketches of his predecessors,
what Is distinctly true In Malvolio can
only be understood by a historical study
of much that has been achieved by the
dramatists of earlier times. It Is the ln
fusion of new life and meaning Into tho
old forms that makes Shakespeare's mas-
U;rcra t- o. F. McCLCMPHA.
University of Minnesota,
Shakespeare s comedies are strangely
lacking In burlesque and farcical ele
ments, such as abound In the light drama
of the present times. The comedy slnco
Shakespeare's day has evolved itself into
several distinct types, but In none of these
should we expect to find much pathos or
sublime poetry now. Shakespeare, had
the knack of keeping the general tenden
cy and meaning of a play comedlal whlla
making it mainly In details noble and up
lifting. Of all the dramas thus con
structed "Twelfth Night" may be held
easily the chief.
, • Shakespeare seems to have tired of lay-
Ing his scenes In Italy, though he has no
where else greater need of an Italian
heroine and hero. Only in Italy was to
be found such refinement, such culture
as could furnish a Viola. Moreover, If the
play is to have a Viola there must be an
Orslno, whp is In reality but another
Romeo. Tha principal features of the pio*
are' borrowed from the Italian drama of
••G1*. Ingannati" ("The Cheated"). Leila
the heroine of that play, is carried off
from Rome upon Its capture by the con
stable of Bourbon In 1527 to Modena,
which chances to be the city In which
Flamineo, the -hero. lives. Leila has been
beloved by Flamineo In former years, but
for some time the lovers have been sep
arated, and she Is now forgotten. ¦ Leila
finds out. on reaching Modena. that th>»
hero. . to .whom she haa remained
faithful, is ; paying court to Isabella, a
rich lady or.' that city. Leila disguises
herself as a page, enters the service of
Flamineo. and la soon sent by him " to
woo Isabella in his stead. Isabella falls
In love with his messenger, but rejects
him. Later Ferttlo, Leiia's brother, from
whom she has been parted since the sack-
Ing of their town, reaches Modena and is
several time* mistaken for his sister. In
adopting this plot Shakespeare puts the
sea bstween .his heroine and hero, and
uses a shipwreck as a means of separat
ing the heroine and h«r brother. Viola
Rives the name of her city as Messallne,
which sounds like tha echo of Messina.
nnd Illyrla, Orsino's duchy, la surely
within the zone of Italian 1 speech and
manners. Of other characters in tha
play. Sir Andrew and Matvollo. and per
haps Olivia, seem English.
It is clear that Viola la in love with the
Duke beforehand, and comes to Illyrla
with set purpofc* (cf. I.. 11.. 41-44. 62-65) to
win him back. As has just been said, the
Duke seems another Romeo, otherwise It
would be out of keeping^ that he should
be wooed. He is in love 'with love, with
his own Ideals, as Romeo was. Rome*
worshiped afar off, with no least desire to
approach, or woo, in presence, till Juliet la <
found. Then he leaps the orchard wall
and can scarcely be parted from his love.
Orslno has not yet found his Juliet, so
wooes by proxy. < '• •
Many of those who have read "Romeo
and Juliet" think Romeo a degenerate and
weakling, a milksop, moonshine lover.
Just the contrary is true. After he has
discerned his ideal in Juliet he is as man
ly as Mereutlo, and in due time beats Ty
balt, who is almost a professional duelist
and swordsman, at his own game. In-'
deed. Romeo needs but a few seconds to
dispatch him. Of course, nowhere but In
Italy could we find a man so chivalrous
and upright, so- pure and strong and ten
der. Orslno's is such a nature, or it would
have been manifestly unfit that Viola*
should come into his power. That he Is
not unmanly, with all his- sentiment, la
indicated to us In the proposal of Curio
that he go out to hunt. To an English
audience in Shakespeare's age, or any
age. the knowledge that a man is In the
habit of riding to hounds or of hunting
deer argues the very opposite of effem
inacy.
There are two strains of comedy run
ning through the play. The first Is re
fined and kindly and centers largely In
Olivia's rejecting the Duke, apparently be
cause of his un virile advances, while fall-
Ing In love with hia page, who Is a wom
an, and In later transferring her affec
tions to Sebastian, who Is no taller and
hardly more manly than his sister. There
is humor, too. of an exquisite sort In
Viola's dealings with both Olivia and the
Duke. Of course, Shakespeare has cre
ated Olivia merely to serve certain artistic
purposes with his heroine, and she suffers
In consequence as a character not a little.
Orslno also is constructed to suit the ex
igencies of bringing out the nature of
Viola. The author seems to have been at
tracted to the plot he borrows mainly by
the part of the heroine. Plays in which
the heroine masquerades In man's cloth-
Ing were not uncommon In Elizabethan
times. Shakespeare so disguises his hero
ines in "Two Gentlemen of Verona," "The
Merchant of Venice," "As Tou Like It"
and "Cymbellne," But In none of the sit
uations thus produced Is the Interest so
little in the Incident and so much in the
character and experiences of the dia
gulsed person as In the present case.
The second vein of comedy Is less soft
ened and refined. There must evidently
be action of a more rollicking sort to keep
the negotiations between the Duke and
Olivia from seeming too trivial and Inane.
Somebody Is needed also to stand between
Olivia and ourselves, and Maria supplies
that lack superbly. Sir Andrew la -wanted
to complete the comedy of the duel with
Viola and Sebastian. Sir Toby Is a chief
figure, having seen surely much service In
the wars abroad. He. too, seems an Eng
lish character, a sort of Captain John
Smith, whose contact with folk who till
vineyards In the south has been his bane.
He Is used principally to effect a physical
disposition of Malvolio. Without Malvo
llo's sanctimony and presumption the
main business of the play would seem too
bald. The drinking and maudlin talk and
singing, the Jests of the clown and the
countrified graces of Sir Andrew's danc
ing make the background on which the
love passages of the people of quality fail
to look absurd. The author's tact is seen
In the care he takes to Introduce the
coarse comedy between Sir Toby, Sir An
drew and Maria in scene S before Viola is
discovered in service with the Duke. His
tact Is exhibited, of course, in no less de
gree- In bringing on the other characters
of that sort in scene 5. Just before Olivia
unveils herself to her rival.
Viola wins us effectually at the outset
by her faithful wooing of ner rival In be
half of the man who haa her heart. There
is endless opportunity to be false and yet
;eem even to her own conscience true.
She Is curious, of course, to see her rival's
beauty, and this sho manages In a fairly
Impersonal way to bring about. "When
she discovers that Olivia has charms per
haps superior to her own she betrays no
disposition to take issue with a fact, as
her sex has so often done. Bhe shows no
spite, no envy, and we may be sure feels
none. She has no least thought of Indi
rection. She appears to be governed by a
faith, not unlike Imogen's, that the Issue
will content her.
Disguise, I see thou art a wickedness
"Wherein the pregnant enemy does much.
How eairy It ta for the proper-false
In women's waxen hearts to set their forma!
Alas, our frailty is the causa, not waf
For 'such as we ar» made of. «uch we be.
How will this fadgeT My master loves her
dearly.
And I. poor monster, fond as much on htm,
And she, .mistaken, seems to dote on me.
What will become of this? As I am man.
My state Is desperate for my master's love.
As I am woman — now alas the day —
"What thriftless disrhn shaJr poor Olivia breathe!
Oh. time! Thou must entangle this, not L
It is too hard a, knot for me to untie.
Here we have mind, vision, character,
and. withal, nalveness in plenty. Viola
is even sorry for her rival's plight. She
does not rail against her nature or her
lot. She Is Interested like a philosopher
or a sociologist in the history that she
is helping to make.
After showlns how things gf> with Olivia
the author lets us see a chapter out of the
new life in Orslno's palace. We have di
vined how the hours are speeding. There
is no home more elegant In all the south,
yet we know that Viola has made herself
more indispensable than all its statues
and manuscripts and furnlshments. The
Duke has found the subtlo Influences of
her sex enveloping him. though he does
not euess whence the faj»ctnation comes.
The strange comfort of Viola's presence
iriakes him seek her company and conver
sation. He wishes to have soft strains of
music played while he speaks to her.
How dost thora like this tune?
Viola— It gives a very echo to the seat
Where Love la throned.
Duke— Thou dost speak masterly.
•" - My life upon 't. young though thoo art.
thine eye
Hath staved upon some favor that It
loved.
Hath it not. boy?
Viola— A little, by your favor.
Puke — "What kind of woman Is 'tt
Viola— Of your complexion.
Duke— She Is not worth thee, then.
Strange confidences will grow up be
tween these twain, we may be sure, as the
days wear on. But Shakespeare is not in
tending to work out a study of what Vio
la's charms may win. Events at Olivia's
home shape an outcome speedily. Orslno
is. at length forced to resort to Olivia In
person that he may understand why she
regards his messenger more than himself.
He finds Olivia already a wife, and then
the other mysteries clear themselves.
L. A. SHERMAN.
University of Nebraska,
VITAL NEEDS OF STATE UNIVERSITY.
Shakespeare's Witty, and Charming
- Play of "Twelfth Night, or •
What You Will."
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1901.
7
In Biennial Statement to Governor He
Offers Suggestions and Tells of
Institution's Needs.
PRESIDENT WHEELER
ISSUES HIS REPORT
Will Say Farewell to Her Many Friends at a Song Recital in
the First Unitarian Church, n : ; /
MISS ALMA BERGLUND GOING EAST
TO FINISH HER MUSICAL EDUCATION
COLLEGE.
I! I? I*
II la |
• • ( > . r i . ,
fari'trd
'¦"ilumMa
Tiiesuro
Tallfornla.
f75S.Hl! r,2! $291
£S!>.91J 1044 56S
501.977 1326 416
263. SP8 1623 163
COLLEGE.
(-5
II
5". S
Si :
f? 1
-Iftrvard . .
>>lumbla •
California
rSR.136 . 2602 $307
608.684 H62 £24
I 275.006 1685 162
COLLEGE.
I! I? I*
II la |
• • ( > . r i . ,
fari'trd
'¦"ilumMa
Tiiesuro
Tallfornla.
f75S.Hl! r,2! $291
£S!>.91J 1044 56S
501.977 1326 416
263. SP8 1623 163
COLLEGE.
(-5
II
5". S
Si :
f? 1
-Iftrvard . .
>>lumbla •
California
rSR.136 . 2602 $307
608.684 H62 £24
I 275.006 1685 162THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1901.
8
';_____..__- nnr BXCHAjrOB.'_-' : _ r| ___ n- _^_
CHEAP lot, accepted business street, with
cash, for city Income property; ¦ $10,000. .AS-
MUBSEN. 718 Valencia st. ' : *
, FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
I their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER >FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st
FLATS TO LET.
A SUNNY flat; 4 rooms and bath; good condl-
tlon; $14. 39 Langton st. near Seventh.
A BUNNY upper flat of 4 rooms; good condi-
tton; $10. 11s Perry at., near Third.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW flat, 4 large sunny rooms; water free. 22
Sumner st, off Howard, near Eighth.
TO let— Sunny rear flat of 4 rooms. 119 Leav-
enworth st
UNION. 1352— Sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath;
fine view. ;
$7— FLAT of 3 rooms. 244 Harriet st. between
Sixth and Seventh. Harrison and Bryant.
17— 4-ROOM flats on Victor «t. off Bryant, bet
7th and Sth; Inquire at grocery, 941 Bryant.
$16— SUNNY corner flat. 7 rooms, bath,' modern:
$S,- 8 sunny rooms.. PATTERSON & CO.. 11
City Hall square. - .
• FLATS WASTED.
WANTED— By family of. 4 adults, furnished
flat' or house; 5 or 6 rooms; near Fourteenth
.and Mission sts.; must be sunny. Box 899.
Call office. :. ' . . .
" ,y FPRXITPRE FOR SALE.
"A GREAT SNAP"— «-room flat $08 Devlsa-
dero; rent $30; brand new. mahogany mantels,
. gas, grates, porcelain tub, elec. lights, porce-
lain sink. Tennessee marble wash stand: fur-
niture for sale; mahogany, golden oak furnl-
. ture, metal beds.Axmlnster carpet, round dln-
lng table, pictures. Apply 1 to 3. or ad. box 810
FURNITURE for sale— Flat to let; I rooms,
bath, yard. 3S70 Seventeenth st, near Guer-
rero; apply 8 to 11 a. m.' •
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $4S 40, with No. 7
, range. King Furniture Co.. 1137-1131 Market
Auctioneer— L. Vlncent.1305 Larkln: tel.Polk<94:
furniture Sc furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for fur., carpets, etc..
see W. E: CODY., 757 Mission. teL Red 3363.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. US5 Market St.; tel. Jessie 76L
A. WOUiPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
prtoe for second-hand furniture; teL Red U54.
GAS ENGINES. ,_._.___
NOTICE to gas engine buyers — The J. von Ler-
key combination gas engine Is the latest in-
vention; it is the best and cheapest; H Is self-
starting under full load and reverse without
clutches or gearing; Is noiseless and is very
economizing and simple.' 108- Main st San
Francisco, Cal. j Price $40 per horse power for
medium sizes, v
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO...... PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........!!
Head waitress, $30; 5 flrst-class waitresses.
Los Angeles. $20, free fare; 8 waitresses, city
hotels, $20; 3 waitresses, same commercial
hotel, $30; 7 waitresses, different commercial
hotels, $20 and $22 60; 5 chambermaids. South-
ern California, $20; 2 chambermalda, country
hotels. $20; 2 chambermaids, city, SIS; S
chambermaids to wait, $20; woman cook, $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
-Housegirl. small family, dty, $30; infant's
nurse, $25; nursegirl, country, $20. faro paid:
cooks, houseglrls, second girls, olty and coun-
try. C. R. HANSEN Sc CO., 104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED nurse for 2 children in hotel,
in city. $20; must have references. C. R.
HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st. ¦¦
WORKING housekeeper, city, $20; 20 house-
work girls, dty and country, $20 and $25;
German cook, $30 each; nursegirl. Oakland.
$12. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
A— HOTKL Gazette. 26 Montgomery, room It— 4
waitresses, city, $20; chambermaids, dty and
country, $20. free fare,
SEWING machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauis & Co/s overall factory, 32ft Fremont
st Apply to MR. DAVIS.
SMART young girl to assist with light house-
work In family of 2. Call at 2S23 Pine st.,
between 10 and 2.
GIRL for light housework: references. 1275 Mc-
Allister St., 9 to 12 a. m.
YOUNG girl; small family; plain cooking and
housework; 9,to 12 a. m. 1810 Laguna.
GIRL to do general housework, assist cooking.
243 Fourth st, upstairs.
YOUNG girl to. help wait at table. Call be-
tween 8 and 10 at 153 Tenth st
MIDDLE-AGED'' woman; general housework;
no washing; $15. 1405 Golden Gats ave.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 83S
O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Good dining-room 'girt. Capital
Restaurant, 2C6 McAllister st
GIRL for second work; references. 11S0 O'Far-
rell st.
WANTED— A French girl for second work. 2406
Washington st.
NEAT young girl for general housework In
family of 4 adults; must be good plain cook;
German or Swedish preferred. 114 Twelfth
street.
WANTED— A young German girl from 15 to 18
years to assist in light housework and take
care of children. Apply at 201 Potrero ave.,
corner Fifteenth St., city: .
EXPERIENCED operators on knitting ma-
chines. Apply to J. J. PFISTER KNITTING
CO.. 412 Polk sti. near McAllister. San Fran-
cisco.
EXPERIENCED operators wanted to sew
shirts; a few inexperienced taught Apply
The L. ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st
ELDERLY German Catholic woman for house-
work; no washing; sleep home; $15. 782 Ful-
ton st; •
PROTESTANT woman for cooking. Apply 670
Harrison St. ' '
WANTED— French second girl. Apply 1200
Geary st, Monday, Jan." 7.
WANTED— Reliable, intelligent lady over 26
for responsible undertaking. Box 905. Call.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Call
at Humboldt House. 1309 Stockton st.
TO ¦ assist general work, boarding-house. Ap-
ply 9-11 a. m. Monday at SSO Van Ness ave. .
A NEAT young girl for housework. 710 Hyde
street.
EXPERIENCED bindery girt wanted. MY-
SELL. ROLLINS & CO.. 22 Clay st
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' custom
and stock shirts. C3S Valencia st.
GIRLS wanted. Apply at U. S. Laundry. Six-
teenth and Valencia sts.
LADIES wishing- to marry good men call or
write MRS. HERTZ. 7C6 Ellis St.; no charges.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore &t.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1CJH5 Va-
lencia St.
HELP WANTED— 9IALE3.
A— MURRAY & READY ...Phone Main 5S48
• ...Leading- Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7'A. M. TO-DAY
Carriage painter, country shop, $2 50 day, see
boss here cabinet-maker
4 drillers, city ....$2 day
8 laborers, dig ditches ......126 and found
buggy washer, country stable... .$30 and found
4 farm hands S pruners
boy, country store $10 and found
....TIEMAKERS....WE PAY YOUR FARE
25 . tlemakers, - 9c to 12c each, fare paid and
tools and provisions furnished; woodchoppers,
Santa Cruz Co., tools and < provisions fur-
nished .....J.....7;....... .'
240 woodehoppers. different places. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay st
A— STENOGRAPHER . and bookkeeper for a
ranch ...........'.. • ......$30 and found
. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
A — CHKK and second cook, same place, $60 and
$35; 2 waiters, country hotel ....'...•io
first and second bakers ..$15 and $10 week
I night cook, $60.... .......8 cooks, $35 to $;0
ranch cook, dishwashers, etc. ; cook and dish-
washer ......: .....J40 and $20*
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL Gazette, 26 Montgomery, room 12—.
Chef. $90; pastry ccok and confectioner, $75;
.' waiters,'. country. $30; third cook. $30.
BARBERS, notide— Journeymen Barbers' Inter-
national Union No. 148 meets MONDAY, Jan.
7, - at 1 8:15 sharp; public Installation « p. m. ;
32 O'Farrell st; proprietor barbers Invited.
¦ • : "¦¦¦¦¦-- -.¦¦• ¦ I. LESS. ; Secretary.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
> Fiee employment; only recognized unlen. 115
Turk: tel. Folsom ; 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive 'Union — Free employ-
rnent. H.^ Bernard, sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
BOYS wanted. JOE ROSENBERG. 11 O'Far-
. rell.st .... -:¦.: -¦--.•¦¦¦¦'¦..-
GET your '¦ shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
. to £0c. .662 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOY, about 14, for printing offlce. 109 Callfor-
LODGIKG-HOTJSES FOR SALE.
SAMPLES ONLY " "
MARION GRIFFIN. 71s Market, nr. Call bldg.
11 rooms.. .$200 20 rooms.. $900 85 rooms. .$SCOO
11 rooms... 400 20 rooms.. 1200 76 rooms.. 4000
13 rooms... 600 24 rooms.. 1400 65 rooms.. 4500
13 rooms... 250 26 rooms.. 1650 63 rooms.. 3600
II rooms... ECO 36 rooms.; 1S00 63 rooms.. 8000
U rooms... 250 SO rooms.. 2400 60 rooms.; 7000
IT rooms... 850 34 rooms.. 2650 50 rooms.. 3200
16 rooms... 800 27 rooms.. 2750 100 rooms.. 1500
18 rooms... 600 SO rooms.. 2500 E0 rooms.. 7000
18 rooms... 475 40 rooms.. 3000 60 rooms.. 5000
19 rooms.., 700 40 rooms.. 4000 64 rooms.. SOOu
] 17 rooms... 900 43 rooms.. 8500 46 rooms.. 5000 |
CO ROOMS: newly furnished; rent $160 $3000
87 rooms; money-maker; near Market — ;. 1900
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn. ; extra.. 950
15 rooms; Lea venworth; rent $57 CO 800
10 rooms, $450; 10 rooms, quick 850
20 rooms; detached; handsome yard, * with
drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving
rent only $65 month; clears $100 month: special
snap. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
17-ROOMED house; a bargain $800
86-roomed house; cheap.
19-roomed house '. $350
tS>roomed house ' $600
EMERY Ik CO., t Eddy st, room 1.
LARGEST list lodging-houses; good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD.
rms. 1-2, 917 Market st, bet. Fifth and Blxth.
$1100— 60 ROOMS; fine location; well furnished;
all rented; low rent BASILS. 8 Eddy Bt.
FOR sale— Nicely furnished lodging-house, 18
rooms; rent $50; all full. 108 Eighth st
MABON. 603—14 rooms; rent $40; water free;
centrally located; no agents.
¦ ¦¦
TOR SALE— Rooming house, IS rooms; cheap. '
41B Powell st
SPIRITUALISM.
MF.S. DR. 7ARNHAM. world renowned spirit
tal medium: advice in all affairs of life, law--
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated:
mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed.. Ftl.ev's.
come and be convinced. Permanently located
CIS Eddy st, bet Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
JOHN SLATER— Circle to-night, 8:1S sharp;
sittings to-day. 10 to 4. 1S09 Stockton st.,
near Greenwich.
MRS. LESTER— Readings dally, circle every
eve.. lOo, except Wed., derel. circle. 222 Turk.
EARLE, 805 Taylor st. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally 1 seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MMB. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
C. Mayo-Steers, 112H Oak. trance medium;
readings. $1; hours, 1-6 p. m.; tel. Howard 627.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings dally; tests to all to-night; 10c.-
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
life reader, med. clairvoyant 1164'O*FarrelI.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD. ~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Business Medium.
Is permanently located at 17 Third st, next
the Examiner. She reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future.
Valuable Advice in All Affairs of Life.
If you have any anxiety about affairs of any
kind consult this great medium and you will
make no mistake. Full life reading by mall;
send stamp for terms; 25c up; perfect satisfac-
tion guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 'the well-known tranco
medium, is permantly located at 1206 Market
St.. corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 28 and
16; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Bend stamp for pamphlet
with speolal terms. Dally and Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist: 15 years' experience; her knowledge of the
useeen forces Is invaluable to professional and
business men, to wives and lovers; follow her
advice and you will make no mistake. 1104
Market St., corner Mason, room 28.
A — Mrs. Dr. Baylor, queen of clairvoyants and
palmists; Important advice on mining specula-
tlcn, business, law: evil influence removed;
fee SOc. mall $1. 1811H Market, opp. Van Ness.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles £0c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit, $1 60. US Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmlet. permantly located 1148 Market, opp.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
lst and card reading. 25c 1241^ Market st.
MME. LAROSE, clairvoyant, card reader; best
advice, 25c up. 472 Stevenson st, cor. Sixth.
MRS. BROWN, scientific card reader; readings
dally. 109 Fifth st. room 2.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant card reader and
t palmistry; truth or no pay; 23c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant and
water reader. 11 Sixth st. ; German spoken.
MME. HANSON.palmlstry, card reader: past,
present, future; 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny St.. rooms 8-10.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypey, Is the great'palm-
i 1st and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh et.
! MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44Sv» Jessie st.
MME. RAVENNA read* life fluently; business
advlcp; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
CARPET BBATI.XG AXD CLEAMNG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
pend to SPADLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
| Ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
I STANDARD, 313 Guerrero — Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
3c yd; laying a epeclalty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 3e per yard, laid at 6c.
BTRATTOX'S. 8 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie >44.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
I vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
¦ ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WAIXX>M. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 12«.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for rale cheap. 632 Mission.
GOOD strong business buggy; also Giant punch
and shears. 1370 Turk st.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chll-
blalns: painless cure.. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION* OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. ~
TWENTY- FTFTH, 3335 — Cottage, S rooms; large
yard; rent f8.
DENTISTS.
AT~the ELECTRO- DENTA L~CLIN?cTYo9 Mar^
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$2 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on "all
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 60; fillings. SOc; plates,
S5. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; - prices
-cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE w. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given. |
THE New York Dentists have moved to 960
Mission st. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction. SOc.
A. L. SIMPSON. D.D. 8.. 1206 Market St.— Ex-
pert tooth extractor; crown and brtdgework.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 2S5 Kearny. cor. Bugh—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25a
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
flars. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth.
8 Y T ou o NG: e^i gssft piatea - dr -
DRESSMAKERS AJfP SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School-
patterns cut: evening class. 1019 Market et. '
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
1 lng.plnklng. 121 Post. overQ-Connor & Moffatt
:_,_'¦' EDUCATIONAL.
i 00 ' 1 * *»." F.< BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market st; Individual instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
! ALL students but two taking full course this
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.-Day
and evening: $3 per month: $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the pait 5 months; catalogue free.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand : Pitman v sys-
tem; prlvatelesBons by an experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL. 128 Kearny st.. r. M. .
PRENCH,8panish.etcProf.DeFlllppe>Acajdemy
of languages, 220Post;estab'dlS71; ablest profs.
AGEITTS WANTED.
AGENTS make $100 per month selling our nov-
elty machines; on application will send out
and prices. FOOTS MFG. CO.. Los Angeles.
SOLICITORS wanted; men or women; good
salaries warranted; payable either weekly or
monthly; expenses paid. 927 Market, rm. 613.
POSITIVE opportunity for a flrst-clasa lady
agent Dundee Mfg. Co.. 14 Flood bldg.. S. F.
BATH CABINETS; ROBINSON. Niagara, Per.
fectlon and others. Agency. 416 Bills st., B. F.
FINE business for ladles. Call or write it
Bt Anns' Building. 6 Eddy st.. S. F. ;' -
ADOPTION.
A GOOD home open for girl or boy baby. Add.
Mrs. Dr. Funh-. HIS Eighth st. Alameda.
ASFHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred: postal. US6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTOBXEVS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. 827 Market st, 6th floor, room «27
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all cases; fair fee; no advance
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, SSO Market, cor. Stocktn.
FRANK W. KMITH: mining and probate law a
specialty. Mills big., r. S, 4th fir.; tel. Red 361$.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, S27 Market st. opp. Mason.
L EDW. JAKRETT, Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market sts.: phone Red £162. : -: : :,
U S. CLARK. Emma Bpreckels bldg., 177 Mar-
ket st; corroltatlon free: no fees In advance.
BATH CABXXETS.
ELECTRIC light bath cabinets to let and for
sale. 1EM Point Lobes ave.
BOAKDIXC FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— To board child under oae year;
mother's oare. 1810 Or— a st
BCSIXESS CHANCES.
A— ONE of the best saloons with commercial
lunch: dose to Palace Hotel; rent $50; owner
sick in bed: a great sacrifice; only f5O0 cash
down needed. R. Q. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $700; CORNER saloon with S rooms; rent
$35: opp. factory employing 800 people; a
rare chance. R. O. W7LKK. 26H Kearny st
A— $20— CIGAR stone on Market St.; rent $20;
a pood-paying stand. Call R. G. WILKE.
&% Kearny st.
A — JSOO — CORNER grocery and bar on Lang-ton
Et. ; rent $30; place estab. 20 years; must sell,
as owner wants to retire and give long lease
to right party. R. G. WILKE^ 26*i Kearny.
A — TCSO — PARTNER -wanted in an employment
office; can clear easily $150 per month; only
rood, active man need apply. It O. WILKE,
26^i Kearny st.
j A — $450 — CORNER grocery store, with bar. In
the Mission; 4 large rooms; rent $25: dally re-
ceipts about $15. Call IL G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny st
A— $275— CORNER saloon In the Mission: rent
$20: lease: rood- paying- business. Call R. O.
WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— J7WV-CORXER grocery and bar. with 11 fur-
clshed rooms; rent $49; finest business corner
in Western Addition; is dolnff a splendid busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 2SH Kearny st
A-*3CK^-RESTAURANT In the Mission, kept by
• present owner eight years, and always cleared
above 5125 per month: rent $SS; with 8 rooms,
$45. Call R. G. WILKB, 26H Kearny st
A— J75&— Restaurant with 25 furnished rooms, In
Stockton; rent $25; 2 years' leases owner to
j leave for East; must sell quick: a rood-paying
I business. Call R. G. WILICE. 26H Kearoy st.
A— $325— RESTAURANT and ohophouse opp. R.
R. cable-house; rent $20; good-paying place;
investigate soon, as rare chance. Call R. G.
WILICE. 26H Kearny st .
PARTNER wanted In a large old-established
profitable business, controlling; a good safe,
solid and reliable trade. Owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
an Interest to an acceptable party; duties will
be the keeping of the accounts and assisting
generally In the management of the business:
capital required $5000 to $10,000; full value In
Fight; books and business open for investiga-
tion. Apply J. W. DONNELLY &. CO.. 6S2
¦ Market st. j
I A— WANTED— A good tenant for grand corner
, Etore and basement, with fixtures suitable for ¦
grocery business; special Inducements. Ap- ,
ply SPECK A CO.. 667 Market Bt j
P.EsTAURANT; Income $50 dally; estab. 12
years: long lease; meals 25 cents. Call on
I MARION GRIFK1N, 7l» Market; by Call bldg.
! PARTIES having restaurants, lodging houses,
I bukc r>« cr any kind of buelness for sale call
i on A. PRICE & CO.. 30 Kearny Bt
$300— KnSTAtrRAXT bargain this day. Mc-
L.AUOHLIN &. CO.. 777Vi Market et.
j STATIONERY, notions, candy and cigar store
will be sold at reasonable price; good-paying
business; old stand: 20 years in existence.
Inquire at 155-157 Fifth st.
i FOR sale — Chophouse; good business: expenses
1 small: electric lights; $350 cash. Particulars
W. C. STEELE. 7 N. California st. Stockton.
"CAPITALISTS attenticn"— An Investment of
$12,iOO by one or more parties will purchase
controlling Interest In estab. business that
will pay $;000 per month: this Is bonaflde; will
stand investigation. 927 Market room 613.
i A— PLAY THE RACES—
j 20 to 50 per cent profit monthly on our new
eystem; call and Investigate. N. S. HAND &
- CO.. expert handicappers. suit 12. 34 Kearny.
j FOR sale — Well stocked hair store, suitable for
j hairdrecslng and manicure buelness: location
I Oakland. For full particulars apply to H.
L. SMITH. 202 Market et. 6an Francisco.
$400 — FIRST-CLASS good paying restaurant; an
opportunity seldom offered; will take part
down. D. McRAE FURNITURE CO.. 837 Mis-
sion st.
HOTEL for sale — A good paying SO- room hotel:
good location; terms reasonable. Apply at 1433
Polk St., Monday, bet 10:30 and 12 o'clock; no
agents.
WANTED— Lady or gent with $200; salary $17
per week. Including- all expenses; mutt travel
and act as cashier. Box 861, Call office,
$200— PARTNER wanted: good paying light bus-
I iness; prefer partner to hired help; no ex perl -
j ence required; trial given. 9 Geary, room 2.
j FOR SALE— Fixtures In a hardware store; 60
1 to 25 per cent discount; register, safe, scales,
j etc. Box 20C7, Call office. Oakland.
! AT ence, cheap. New England " Home Bakery.
Guerrero st, near Twenty-second; death
cause of sale; call at bakery. •>.
PARTNER wanted; legitimate money making
enterprise; must Invest $1000. Box 3811. CalL.
OYSTER, fruit and notion store for sale; reason
sickness. 1100 Golden Gate ave.
BUSINESS opportunities. Immigration Bu-
reau. 211 Examiner building-.
TWO-CHAIR. 6c barb»r shop cheap. 3364 How-
ard et; apply 304 Seventh st.
I RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; daily re-
celpta about $G0. Call at place, 410 Kearny gt
CIGAR store, fine location, for sale cheap. 29
Ninth st.
RESTAURANT; bargain; paying business;
cheap rent; good location. Apply 389 Hayes.
$*0 WINS $300 per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons. S21 Market, r. 4.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1056
Valencia et.
LODGIXG-IIOCSES FOR SALE.
1 A FEW OF H C. DECKER'S BARGAINS:
24 rooms; house clears $150 $2000
14 rooms on Mission st 500
t-roora flat on Taylor st . 250
60 rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2600
15 rooms oa Third st 600
20 rooms on Powell st 930
48 rooms; fine corner; clears $200 8500
24 rooms on Geary st. ; clears $150 1900
26 rooms on Kearny et; clears $150 1600
I SELL AND EXCHANGE
BUSINESS PLACES. CITY AXD
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE— WHAT HAVE
YOU TO OFFER?
40 rooms; boarding-house.... $4000
E3 rooms on Market st noo
12 rooms on Post st; In payments S50
12 rooms; clears $75 430
tOO OTHERS— PRICES FROM $100 TO $25,000
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
CALL AND SEE ME-OFFICE OPEN
EVENINGS,
H. C DECKER, 1020 MARKET ST.;
PHONE MINT lit. -¦¦:...- ¦
MONEY loaned on lodging-bouses, 1V4 p. c; ¦
anything: you want, in lodging-houses; s'mpls:
6 rooms on Turk st.......rent $27.. Price. _ $300
7 rooms on Lerkin st...:.rcnt $40.. Price... $450
10 rooms on Taylor st rent $40.. Price... SS50
12 rooms cn O'Farrell et..rent $50.. Price... $550
12 rooms on Mason st rent $35.. Price... $I5»
U rooms on O'Farrell st..rent $65. .Price... $750
It rooms on Turk st rent $85.. Price... $S00 1
1« rooms on Howard st....rent $23. .Price... $750
17 rooms on'Taylor st rent $8».. Price.. .$1475
1> rooms on Taylor st rent $75.. Price.. .$1259
24 rooms on Leav. st.... .rent $125. .Price.. .$1900
»S rooms, nets $100 .rent $S0.. Price... $$0O
*7 rooms on Powell st....rent $175.. Price. ..J1900
?4 rooms on Market st... rent 1175.. Price. ..W400
More money wanted to loan on lofltfng--
. houses on 1-3 value at 1 per cent up;
gilt-edge security; no expense to lender.
For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY. 816 Market st ; phone Black £215.
8i nOOMB; central; rent $80; price $$00; net In-
come $100. WILLEY. 91* Market st
SAH FHAKCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Saa Francisoo
CalL corner of Maricet and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every eight In the rear.
BRANCH OFFICES—C27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until *:J0 p. m,
300 Hayes street; open until 9:tO p. m.
€39 McAllister street: open until 9:K> p. m,
£15 Larkln street; open —Dtll 9:T3 p. m.
:'<1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open ontll I p, m.
lf?6 Valencia street: open until » p. m.
North wert corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Btreetr; open until • p. m. -•¦.••¦'?'
ME ETIXG XOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Conimandery No. IS, K. ••?• —
T.. < - roic»»n Gale building. f:3 Sutter TjCp
et. -Stated assembly THIS EVENING __l
at 8 o'clock. The order of the Temple Sv
¦w-i!l be conferred. All fraters are cour- »
teously Invited.
ROBT. McMILLAN, Em. Com.
TO. T. FONDA, Recorder.
___ - ¦*
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal Jft
Arch Masons, ir.pets THIS EVENING. TSV
Business and degree 6. /^r^
OCCIDENTAL Lodre No. 22. F. and A. ft
M.— TKIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at -J\_
7:30 o'clock, ct&ted meeting. TL 3T
WALTER G. ANDEJiSON. Sec. /V>
HERMANN Lodre No. 127. F. and A. ¦
M.-6tated meeting THIS DAY (MON- _i\_
DAY), J_=uwy 7. 1K-L tt 7:S0 o'cioc* xlf
p. m. By order of the W. M. /Vi
L. ECHUKACHER. Secretary.
CRXBXCTAL Cocas: pment No. K. L O.ft /•
O. F-— Of fleers and members: You are^NA"
notified to assemble ia Snoampment A
Hail TUESDAY, January I. at 1J0 j>>/ X
rr... to attend the funeral of oar late Patri-
arch. WILLIAM JAMES.
W. S, MATTHEWS. C V.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. Z. a *$_«UE^
O. V.— &le:r.ber» will attend MOX- £3>!>~<gy_
DAT EVENING. Jan-^ary "• In-^^US^gF
stcllatlon cf officers. Visitors -^Mtw^
_ welcome. J. H. HANSEN. V. Q.
HERMANN Lodge No. 14*. I. a _sjSM_fc^
f ' V. — In*t_ilb.t.:oii of olflcers or. _a2*j_S£a
TUESDAY. January I, Eureka
Hall. I. O. O. F. Tersple. Visit- me 9KM** r
lag German brothers Invited. By order of
the N. G. MARTIN R. JAGER, Secretary.
GOLDO." GATE Lodge No. 204. I. -^4K£_*.
O. O. F.— Officers and mo-rr.b«?rs : -tV2_?St=:
You are earnestly requested to At- -^SssSisXF
t<»nd the meeting TUESDAY *?»•»>
EVENING. Jan. K. Installation of officers
and other important business. Visitors cor-
dially invited. __ T. WEBB. N. G.
FIDELITY Lofic* No. 22S. L O. <<_4Uii_Z~
-O. >".— ili'zr.tT* will m»»t-t in hsjl ¦S'^^SSSSi
TUESDAY. January 8. at 1:30 p.
m., to attend the funeral c? our
late brother. WILLIAM JAM£S.
V.M. B. CURTIS. N. Q.
tendance is requested, ***^ _K_ss' Mm
as the matter of having an elevator con-
structed in the bad; part cf tfce building will
be acted on. J. I. SPEAR. Secretary.
EAN FRANCISCO Scottish Thistle v «TN.
Club— Officers and tnembers will ijL QvU
ftfn-.i:> e: the undertaking p&r- *_»!£»
lors of Craig- & Cochran Co.. 22 '*2?»
.Mint ave.. TUESDAY, at 12 o'clock noon, to
attend the funeral c? our late esteemed clans-
man and honorary member. JOHN H. SMITH.
By order JOHN ROES. Royal Chief.
GEORGE XT. PaTERSOX, Recorder.
THE Milk Drivers' Ur.lon will bold an open
meeting at Mangel's Hall, Twenty-fourth and
Foisom eu.. WEDNESDAY, January J, ISO.
at 6 p. m. Prominent speakers will address
the meeting, after whica the charter will
tlose. I
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
SAX FRANCISCO DRY DOCK COMPANY is
:.<¦:: ty c!\en that, in pursuance of a resolu-
tion tit the Board of L>irectors of said com-
pany, unanimously adopted at 11 meeting of
caid board, held at the office cf the com-
1 any. In the city and county of San Francisco.
iHate of California, cn the 2ith day of Octo-
Iwrr. 1&0O, a n»eetin« of the stockholders of tfce
Francifoo Dry Dock Company will be
hfld at the office cf the cempany, number 3C2
California strwt, San Francisco, California I
<the same belnr the principal place of busi- |
n*s? cf eaJd corporation and the building j
KltUB the Board of I>:rectors usually ineetj, 1
on Tuesday, the Sth day of January. 1M1, at I
tfce hour of 10 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose j
of considering ar.d acting upon the propoei- I
ticn to create a bonded Indebtedness of said
corporation to the amount in the apgreg-ate of
five hundred thou?and (100O.0CO) dollars.
United States Gold coin, for the purpose cf
rais'.rz funds to be used In building and I
fjuipping' a n*w drydoek, and for other legltl- j
mate anil necersary jrtirpo**-* of the corpora- |
ticn, Euch bonded indebtedness to be secured j
V»y a rr.orttac* or deed of trust upon all the j
property now owned by roM corporation, or I
wMcb It ir.ay hereof ter acquire.
Jiy order cf the Beard of Directors.
W. F. RUFSELI*
SecrPtary of San Francisco Dry Dock Com-
__r___ : j
TUT. annual meeting- of the stockholders of the j
ICnra4a National Bank of San Francisco. Cal.. !
will be held nt its banking house, SOI -Mont- j
ircmery st.. San Francisco. Cal.. on TUES- '
DAY, January t, 1901. at 3:13 o'clock p. m., |
Icr the election of directors to serve for the 1
• r.suirg year and the transaction of ?uch '¦
«-ther business as may come before the m«t-
lr.p. GEO. GRANT. Cashier.
Ran Frandsro. December £. 1500.
CPKING Valley 1Vat»r Work*— Annual Meetln*
— The annual meeting cf the stockholders of
the fiprirp Valley Water Works will be held j
et the efflce cf the company. No. 126 Stock- j
ten Ftreet. Ean Francisco. California, at li
riVlock M.. on WEDNESDAY, the »th day j
ri January. lMt, to «lect trustees to serve j
for the enduing year and for the transaction
cf euch other business as may come before
the zaeetlr.g. Fan Franrlsco. California.
PELIIAM W. AMES. Secretary.
ANNUAL, MEETING- The annual meeting; of
the San Francisco Ladies' Protection and
P.flief Society will be held at the "Home,"
•¦n Franklin ct.. between Post and Geary, on
Thursday. January 10. at 2 o'clock p. m..
.for the purpose of electlnr manag-ers and
trustees for the ensuing year and transaction
cf euch other business as may properly come
before It.
K. F. HUTCHINSON. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, bavins: re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from John Ccsta et al.. In the Lady's
Canon Mine, near Sierra City, Sierra Co., to
deposit tallirurs in worked-cut pits: from W. B.
r>udley «t al.. In the Dudley Placer Mine. 1
rear North Columbia. Nevada Co.. to deposit j
tailings In a wcrked-cut pit: from the Eagle j
Gold Mining Co.. in the Reichel Claim, near j
Mountain Ranch. Calaveras Co.. to deposit J
tailings in Murray Creek, and from the Em- 1
•-i->* Gold Minir.K and Water Co... In the Rose
Hill Mine, near Mountain Ranch, Calaveras
Co., to deposit tailtr.es In Murray Creek, gives
rtotice that a meeting will be held at room £9,
T'lood buildlrur. San Francisco, Cal.. on Jan-
uary 14. 1901. at 1:30 t). m.
ANNUAL MEETING— Regular annual meet-
ing cf the stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Company will be held at the office of
the company. 3~ Market Et., In the city and
county of Pan Francisco, on Wednesday, the
ttth day of January. 1301, at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a |
board of directors to serve -for the ensuing '
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting*. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, January 6.
Z.ll. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting- — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Oceanic Bteam-
ehip Company will be held at the office of
the company, ?27 Market St., San Francisco,
California, on MONDAY, January 2L 1S0L at
the hour cf 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of IXrectors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
euch other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
<lay. January 10, l&Ol, et 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. EHEX.DON. Secretary.
OFTICB OF THE EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN
RULE BAZAAR— To the Stockholders of The,
Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar, a Cor-
- poratlon: Please take notice that the annual
meeting: of the . etoc_holders of The Empo-
rium and Golden Rale Bazaar, a corporation.
will be held at the principal office of the
company. In the Parrott building, located on
Market tt.. between Fourth and Fifth, in the
city and county of San Francisco. State of
California, on THURSDAY, the 17th day of
January, 1SCL at 2 o'clock p. m.. for the
1'urposs of electing directors and for the
tranaacUcn of euch other business as may
properly come before the meeting. By order
of the Board of Directors.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary.
Dated January t. 1SC1.
JCOT1CE is hereby riven that a special meet-
ing- of the stockholders of The Ban Francisco
and San Jo&Quin Valley Railway Company
will be held at the principal office of the
cempany Jn the city of San Francisco, Cal.
r-n SATURDAY, the nineteenth <Uth) day of
Jn.nuary, 1901. at 12 o'clock noon, for the pnr-
poee of approving and ratifying an agree-
ment fcr the eaJe and conreyanace to and
jmrc-r.BFe by The Atchleon, Topeka and Santa
Fe Railway Company of the railroad, prop-
erty and franchises of The San Francieoo and
f-'an Jo&quln V&lley Railway Company, and
to transact any other business that may
legally come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
Ean Francisco. January 4. 1901.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the , etockhclders of the Pajaro
• Valiey Consolidated Kailroad Company will
be held at the ofSee of the company, 227
Market et.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the
twenty-first day of January, lfrOl, at the hour
of 11 o'clock a, tn.. fcr the purpose of elect-
ing a beard of directors to serve for the
ensuing; year and the transaction of such
other business as ro&y come before the meet-
Ins;. The transfer books will dose on Friday,
Ja&aary IS, 190L at I o'clock p. m. r
W. H. H ANN AM, Secretary.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AjfcTBr HANSEN '& CO.'S... .Phone Grant 183
RAILROAD WORK
25 teamsters. State of Nevada ....$2 a day
25 laborers, company work $175 a day
¦ Free Fare...; Free Fare Free Fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head, waiter. $45; waiter, $40, hotel, Nevada:
houseman, country hotel, $20; 3 hotel waiters,
$30 and $35. - .
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
STOREKEEPER for flrst-class country hotel;
one who has been steward preferred: $50.'
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
A CORRESPONDENT, familiar with Eastern
and Coast trade. In dried and canned fruits,
salmon and general line of provisions; salary
to commence with $125.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED— Gardener and milk 2 cows.
- country. $25 and found; German or Scandi-
navian man about place near city, $20 and
found; woodchoppers. Santa Clara. $1 a cord
and board: 2 woodchoppers, Santa Cruz Co.,
4-foot wood, $1 50 a cord; 2 salesmen on com-
mission; experienced terra cotta pressers;
cooks,, waiters, dishwashers and others. W.
D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— 1 ENGINEER for planing mill. 3 carpenters.
. 1 sticker hand: all non-union; no offlce fees.
Mechanics' Registration Bureau. 410 Kearny
st. room 9. »^ ¦•
HOW TO OBTAIN - .
A COMPETENCY IN THE
BUSINESS OF LIFE INSURANCE.
„ Address JNO. I. D. BRISTOL.
No. 1 Madison Avenue,
New York City.
MANTJFACTUKER wants dress goods, corset
and trimmings salesman; salary and commis-
sion. Experience and reference to box 1030.
Call offlce. •
STEADY, reliable man for cash counter aad
assist In restaurant; $100 required; good
chance for, suitable party. Box 1032. Call.
WANTED— Middle-aged .married man for gen-
eral cleaning work In store: Gerrnan prefer-
red; wages $8 a week. Box 1029, Call office.
ERRAND boy wanted. 1170 Market St., room
tt.
WANTED— J good carpenters for Jobbing shop;
come early. 1903 Flllmore st. y -
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing: steady
Work. 621 Sacramento St.. near Montgomery.
WANTED — Dishwasher. Jefferson Hotel, Har-
bor View. '
WANTED— A waiter and dishwasher. 422
Sixth st.
DIEMAKER toolmaker or locksmith. W. H.
GUTZMAN. 1706 Dwlght way. Berkeley. Cat
WANTED— Cook for restaurant: must have
tools; also dishwasher. 1550 Market st.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 922 Battery st.
W ANTED— Night cashier; all-round man. 29
Stockton »t
WANTED— Recruit* for the Marine Corps. U.
-8. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 6 feet 4 Inches and not over • feet
1 inch in height: able to read, write and
speak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Offlce, 40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — A solicitor of high grade who can
present a high class proposition to selected
individuals; no canvassing; high pay for
right man. Room 5. 6 Market st
THOROUGHLY experienced pawnbroker's
clerk; good position to one understanding the.
business; state references. Address box 965,
Call offloe.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
inducements: catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay at.
WANTED- Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25o per night; H to $2 per week.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. C62 Mission St.. bet^.lat and 2d sts.
WANTED— Male and female, solicitors at 205
Montgomery st. ¦
CABINET-MAKER and boy to learn trade.
FINK & SCHINDLER. 1309 Market st
LADY or gentleman wanted; neat appearance;
security required. Box 1009. Call offlce.
15o BARBER shop: choice location: Market st{
nrst-class trade; bargain. Box 1029. Call.
BIG inducement for young man to solicit for
merchant tailor. 1215 Market st
ERRAND boy, well recommended. 635 Valen-
cla st. "
BRIGHT boy for Jewelry etore; state refer.-
ences. Box S66. Call offlce.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15o and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st. —
AGENT to introduce best thing on the coast.
Addresi Dundee Mfg. Co., 14 Flood bldg.. S.F.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard tc Co.. old reliable
Him, SOS Market, room 40, Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard st,
S. F. Barber School.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25o night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and bacxacre to and from terry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103d
"Valencia st. ¦c.'O*;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
1IEMOKKUOIDS.
ANY case of Piles. Piles. Piles. Piles; over 200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no interfer-
ence with business during treatment For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1930. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
» carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
$150— A FINE horse and new buggy and har-
ness for sale: a bargain. Apply 714 Te-
¦ hama st. *
FOR SALE— Two choice family cows. One,
block west from Broadway, on Fortieth st,
Oakland.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for dr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
1VVALID CHAIRS AND TRICYCLES.
SOLD and rented: manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
~~ LOST AND FOUND, ~
LOST— Small fox terrier; liver-colored spot on
left eye; no black anywhere: had on a har-
ness padded under breast; $5 reward. Re-
turn to 283S Pacific ave.; telephone Pine 1276.
LOST— Sunday, white spitz dog, foot of Pow-
ell-st. wharf. Finder please return to 171B
Clara st: reward.
• LOST— Small diamond marquise ring; of small
value except to owner. Reward of 110 If re-
turned to GUNN. 1833 Clay st. -
$100 REWARD — On New Year's eve, a purse
containing solitaire diamond ring and small
gold. Box 972 Call offlce.
LOST— In San Lorenzo. Gordon setter, calls by
.name of Jack; reward. Address Postmaster.
Ean Lorenzo.'
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
——————
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, moved to ibfs^MarkeT*
opp. 6th; world-renowned ladles' specialist-
safe, reliable; practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully.
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all other fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market st. cor.^ Sixth—
• Safe and reliable ladies' physician; treatment
$5; positive cure guaranteed: when others fail
consult free. . MRS. DR. KOHL. -
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 23 yrs.*
successful practice: . guaranteed treatment at
offlce. $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
suit free. 942 Post st, bet Hyde and Larkln,
DR.. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladle*'
specialists; 32 years' practice; positive ' cure
guaranteed; ladles treated ' can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stampe.'clr.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007ft Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 16 years' practice in 8. F., a
•cure guaranteed; $5 at offlce; have cured th«u-
sands of -cases; unexcelled success; see free,
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market-Ladles gpe-
claiist; pafe and sure cure. $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
LADIES' Home Remedy Co.. 212 Ellis st— Pri-
vate diseases of women; satisfaction guaran-
teed or money refunded: sanatorium.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. '. 323 Kearny st;. call and see me.
MRS. 'DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist; home
for patients. 604 Eddy st. -
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs -
advice free. 704 Sacramento St.. near Kearny.'
A WEEK'S news for 6c— The Weekly CalL II
pages. In wrapper. . for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLAJTEOCS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, M-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcase*, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a* large stock of saloon outfits on nana,
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready maae.
we can ship everything In 24 hours. <I.
NOONAN. 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$3 per month: write for catalogue ana price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 403 California,
st; rentals, naw machines. $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulwys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear.' st.
FOR sale— Horse, cart and harness: big bar-
gain: must sell at once. THOS. ROBERTS,
1615 Market st.
2D-HAND steam, gas, otl. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 518 Mission.
BLI7E gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KET-
SER..206 Clay st
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and' wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second hand modern engines and
bollera bought and sold.+KROGH Mfg Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 215 California st.
SAFES— New And second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
MAGIC lantern*, new and 2d-han<*' moving
pictures. BULLARD & BBXCK. 131 Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 10»-lll Market st. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A FIRST quality Invalid's chair, with or wlth-
out wheels. Box »73, Call offlce.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 934 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1131.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHrTEHEAP. 1710 Market st
SIOXBT TO LOAN.
AA— BEST rates and easies terms.
Second Mortgages
-Interest In Estates
Undivided Interest in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Maricet.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay cn furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will loao
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 904 Market st.
ANY amount at S per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. X.
ANY proposition, any amount; S per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in, probate, interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st fleer.
Chronicle building. HALLORAX & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
st: tel. Main 1S44. Branch 19 Third st
ON furniture, pianos, no removal, or any other
security; quick; lowest ratt; easy terms: no
brokerage; private, reliable parties. 1170 Max-
ket st. room 68.
A— $100,000 ON city and country real estmt* and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 MontgonuTy st
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAI* 10 Sixth;
highest pries for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANT amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
no removal, no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room S. Conservatory bids'.. SOI Jones.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rra. 44. Merchants' Etx.. 431 California.
(100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Honw Bldg. Co.. C2 Bmonu. rm. a.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. tti Parrott bldg.
S% cn furniture and planes; SIS up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 51. S Sddy st
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; dty. country: 6%: undi-
vided lnts. ; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. SSS Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal notes.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st. room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; con-
fidential; cn diamonds:, etc. 33 Taylor st
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
tndorser. 1IORRELL. C09 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. 8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
ANY person havtnir use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay A Co.'s wltb
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stein-war down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
prtced pianos for a new Steinway any tim*
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for it cash and
J6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3. $4 and JS per month. SHSlt-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oak-
land^
A GREAT reduction on pianos left from 1300 sal-.
Guild J»
Emerson _ 63
Steinway .— 195
Chlckertng - 323
Haynes 2S>
Hallet & Davis 435
Heine 435
SO new pianos at. 143
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st. agents
Hallet A Davis, oldest and most famous piano
In existence. Rents and easy payments.
PIANOS at I10O. $125 and S150 are not to be
compared with, the bargains that we offer
you. Call on the ZEMO MA.UVAIS MUSIC
CO., 76a Maricet at.
DECKER k SON are the old reliable makers
of flrst-class pianos. New styles and low
prices at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASETS. 28,
23 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the>
customer.
A GREAT bargain sale of second-hand uprights
and squares taken In exchange for new pianos
during our rreat special sale. J60 up. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON. 16 CKarrell st.. Chickertns
agency.
A CLEARANCE- sale of pianos; elegant up-
rights; left over after holidays; to make room
for stock now due; liberal discounts. J.
DEWINO & CO.. 13 Flood building.
CABINET grand upright; must be sacrificed
in 5 days; leaving city. 413 Van Ness ave.
MUST sell our upright piano; almost new;
please make offer. 815 Laguna st.
BEAUTIFUL Chlckerins upright: cost 1475.
now t275. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
A CLEANING out sale of pianos In storage;
dirt cheep. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohmer 4 Co.. Byroa
Mauzy. Gablcr and Speilman pianos. SOS Post.
SPECIAL, sale — Immense reductions: see our
leader, only *150. BRUENN. 20S Post st
THREE- PEDAL upright: nearly new. bargain;
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission st
GREAT many bargains in rnd-hand uprl*ht3;
small Installments. Hornung. 213 McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post
AT KEEFFTTS. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shoninger agency.
BEST rent stock in city; new pianos, f3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 660 Hayes st
SUPERIOR vlcltns. zithers, old and new. II.
MULX.ER maker, repairer. S T-^tfrflTn place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
. Call. 1« pages, sent to any address ta the.
United Et»te«. pnntnalfl. for tl per year.
. OIL. _ _ .
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Company buys, de-
velops, exploits and sells oil lands; has excep-
tional advantages for securing Eastern capital
!n proved field* ; communications confldenti—l.
F. H. HAUSMAN. Sec., room 32. Mills bld«.
20 OR 40 acres for sale In 24—M-2T Kern RJw
Oil District: a grand chance for a company if
taken immediately. J. S. EWES. 10 Call.
fornla St.. room 1. San Francisco. Cal
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
WILL sell for I2S0 5C0O non-assessabl<> shares in
irood oil company; beat location; Fresno Oa.*
drilling outfit on!er<»<l. Box 9S». Call offlce.
OIL U.NDS FOR SALE. '
KERN River: proven territory; line of R. R»
Newton. Carmen ft Som»». r. 104. Chrontola.
.PAINTERS' AXD DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window «hades; rooms papered, tt
u_______________________p_nev«nln«a!
PALMISTHY^
II. JEROMES FOSSELU. Boientlflo palmtef. ns
Tsylor st. bet O«ary and Post; tel. Blac*" so.
EDPCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
¦ Gallagher, .- expert court reporter, • teacher of
shorthand, reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
' S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
.electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. SOS Larkln st.
ATTENTION!— Terr's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures: short time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MISS M.-G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
' porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
VISITING governess: English branches, piano
1 and bookkeeping; 50c a Ireion.' Box 747. Call.
MUNSON. -School Shorthand, Typing Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
TEACHERS' A gey, A. McNiell,Mgr..r. 81. Flood
bldg.; high school, grammar, private teachers.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION; night/class. 424 Pine st
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
- etc.. day or eve.: $5 mo. 1034 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT. OFFICES.
I ...--,- -1 -..-I. .-1. -I.-.T
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. : est
1870; practical recommend; try them; removed
, to 41B Devlsadero; teL Fell 136. F. HAMAD A.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all. kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI it CO.. 421 Post st: tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
- floe; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 6188.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 518 O'Farrell st; tel. Hyde 2191.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce; Chinese, Japan-
eee help fur. 644 California; phone James 260L
ORPHEUM Employment Ornce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; teL Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell gt ; tel. East 428.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A NEAT German girl desires situation as nurse
to grown children and light upstairs work;
good ref. ; also a competent cook and house-
work girl wants a position; ref. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter gt. ¦
WANTED— Position by young woman to do
second work In Catholic family where- there
are no small children. Call at 727% Clemen-
tina St., between Eighth and Ninth.
YOUNG lady wishes situation to take care of
baby or assist in light housework; no wash-
lng. Apply at 318 Minna st. '
COMPETENT German children's nurse wishes
u position In a private family. 2965 Sacra-
mento Bt.. near Broderick.
LADY wishes to take In family washing or g-o
out by the day. MRS. F., 835 Fourth st.
ELDERLY lady would like to obtain a position
In a first-class family to take charge of linen
and sewing or a position as housekeeper in a
widower's family where there are 1 or 2 chil-
dren. Address 154 Golden Gate ave., in the
basement ¦
EXPERIENCED and capable woman (German)
wishes place as working housekeeper in hotel,
lodging-house or widower's family, or as
cook for a number of men; is able and will-
ing to work; city or country. Address ' 97»
Howard st. ¦_ .
A CONSCIENTIOUS, experienced lady from the
East wants care o' invalid lady or child; con-
versant with several languages; willing to
travel; can make herself useful In many ways;
references exchanged. Address Nurse, 602
1 Fourteenth st, Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman, refined and
trustworthy, wishes situation as working
housekeeper; light work; moderate wages.
MRS. M. LISTON, Station M, Richmond Dlst
REFINED teacher, long experienced In teach-
ing backward or delicate children, would like
pupils: French and music; reference. Box
984. Call office. : I
YOUNG girl wishes a situation at light house-
work; sleep home preferred. Please call or
address 113 Valparaiso st. below Filbert, be-
tween Taylor and Jones.
CAPABLE woman, not afraid of work, wants
responsible position in hotel or boarding-
house; first-class city references. Address
Ai B : . 929 Pine st.
I MIDDLE-AGED lady without lncumbrance de-
elres position as working housekeeper In
small family: references exchanged. Box
1003. Call office.
YOUNG lady music teacher wishes a position
In refined family to give dally piano lessens
for room; owns piano. Box 998. Call offlce.
WANTED— By man and wife, employment In a
country hotel or to take charge of a mining
boarding-house. Box 942. Call offlce.
A YOUNG woman lately from the East wants
a position as housekeeper; only those meaning
business need answer. Box 1005, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants a place to do light
housework; Is a competent nurse, or would
like *o take care of a child. Box 1008. CaJL
WANTED — By German lady, position as work-
ing housekeeper In respectable family; city
or country. Call or address 2787 Folsom st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 CO night. $1 SO to S6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. . - -: •
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - _j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FUlmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
A DANISH man and wife; the man rood farm-
er, and blacksmith by trade; wife Is good
housekeeper. S. C. PETERSON. Tremont
House, £23 Kearny St.
YOUNG i man. student, desires employment
forenoons and evenings for board and room.
Box 1031. Cell offlce.
A ¦ SOBER, respectable, mlddle-ac«d barkeeper
wishes a steady position; town or country.
Barkeeper, 331 Kearny st, room 34.
COACHMAN wants situation: is flrst-class
gardener and driver: sober, reliable; very best
references. Box 1033, Call, office.
A FIRST-CLASS carriage blacksmith wishes a
situation. 123 Kearny st. •
BOOKKEEPER and expert accountant is de-
sirous of bettering his position; is thoroughly
competent and reliable; a good offlce man-
ager: Al references..Addre8s Accountant, box
975, Call office.
FATHER of family, can talk French and Eng-
lish, with certain education and good refer-
ence, wishes to get a situation of some kind.
Address 179 Minna st. :¦••>..
AN elderly man, who is carpenter and. can
do farm work and milk wants work on a
chicken ranch; city references. L. J., 43b
Fifth St., room 14. . .
A SOBER, industrious young man desires a po-
sition; night work preferred; some Experience
as bartender; also handy with tools; refer-
ences. Box 991, Call offlce.
YOUNG man of 23 wants- Job on small ranch
' or private place in country, or would drive
small milk route. Address 403H Twelfth st,
room 21, Oakland. ,; " •
WANTED— Position as foreman in" planing
mill; 8 years In lost place; understands all
branches; would go In country. Address
box 959, Call offlce.
SALESMAN wants position In country store;
best of city references; has been 18 years in-
the last two situations. Address Box 954,
Call offlce.
IN grocery or general merchandise store, by
young man; speaks English and German; in
city or country. Address box 828, Call offlce.
WHISKY and cigar traveler, commanding- large
country trade, will be at liberty Jan 9; either
salary or commission. Box 990, Call , offlce. "
A PRACTICAL, up-to-date machinist and tool-
maker desires to take charge of manufactur-
ing plant. Box 8S9, Call offlce.
GOOD middle-aged hotel' waiter desires steady
position. Address H. KIEHL, New Atlantic
Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave. *
CUTTER, flrst-class. just arrived from the
East, wants position with a tailoring firm In
¦ city or healthy. town in Cal. Box 981, Call.
RELIABLE middle-aged man wants to take
care of horses, cows and do chores. . Apply 9
Geary st. room 8. . ¦ : .. . . .
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man as
bartender; has had some experience; ,wlll
work reasonably. ; Box 962, Call offlce.
SITUATION by a German as bartender, lunch-
man or. as waiter In a restaurant. Call or
write B. W.. 625 Pacific st. '.:¦.-; - . .
WELL-EDUCATED Japanese wants to work
j from 9 to 3 or all day In Oakland. J.' X., 533
Sixteenth st.; Oakland. . '
JAPANESE, honest boy, wants position as a
school boy In : the city or country. 8, ,NA-
KAN A. 1606, Jones nt.
COMPETENT \ stenographer desires position ;
experience*; references. ; : Box 995, Call '• offlce.
CLASSIFIED ' advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.FORECAST.
No reports have been received north of Cali
fornia and Nevada, owing to the telegraph
lines being down. The rain has extended
throughout California and Nevada. A rainfall
of 4.64 Inches is reported from San Lull
Obl8po. 8.1* Inches cf which fell between 3
a. m. and 6 p. m. to-day. This Is the heaviest
rainfall on record at that station.
Owing to the lack of reports It Is Impossible
to locate the center of the storm or make defin
ite forecast* From the report* received It is
thought that the center has moved Inland. If
such is the case the weather will dear Monday
In Northern California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 7. 1901:
-Northern California— Probably showers Mon
day; light west- wind. - _
Southern California— Showers Monday^ llgnt
southwest wind. . ¦ ¦ •'
Nevada— Probably rain or snow Monday.
Utah— Rain or snow Monday.
Arizona— Probably rain or snow In northern
portion Monday. " ' ¦
San Franolsco and vicinity— Probably show
ers Monday, followed by fair weather; fresh
west wind. O. H, WTLLgON.
Local Forecast Official.
Ban Francisco datai Maximum temperature,
S3; minimum, 45; mean, 48.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(130th Meridian— Paclflo Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, Jan. I. 1901-$ p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls In the last twenty
four hours:
Weather Report.
$500.
William and Aggie E. Corbln to Charlea Page
e.nd R. T. Harding, lot at Intersection of W
line of South Broderlck street and E line of
"ark rood. 6 143:8, W 115 . N 5:5U. NB 80:7%.
NE 162:1, portion of block E, Park Hill Home
stead Association No. 2: also lots 25, 28 and 27,
block 15. lots 28 to 32. block 20, Lakevlew: .
Charles E. Foye to Pierce A Drew, lot 6.
block 1?4, South San Francisco Homestead and
P.a!lroad Association; .
Alameda County..
John and Johanna Thode to Hagemann Brew
ing Company (a corporation), lot on NE Una
of Eighth street, 100 SB of Harrison, . SB 100,
NE 163, N\V 75, S\V 80, NW 25, SW 85. also
brewing plant and fixtures thereon; $500.
Thomas Nelson or Neilson to Mary Nelson.
beginning at a point 250 8 from SW corner of
V and Levee streets. S 60 by W 230, Alvarado,
Washington Township; gift
Marj' F. O'Rourke to Mrs. H. F. Kelley (wife
of Edward), lot on S line of Eighth street. 150
W of Madison. W 60 by S 100. lots 10 and 11.
block 82, on official map, Oakland; $10.
Horace D. and Emma Ellaeon to Edward M.
Walsh, lot beginning on 8W exterior boundary
line of Glen Echo Tract at point of Its Inter
section by line dividing lots 81 and 83, Glen
Echo Tract, thenoe NB 200 to BW line of Hill
side avenue, thence E on a curve to the left
with a radius of 60 feet 94.25 to SB line of
Summit avenue, thence 8W 258 to SW boundary
line of Glen Echo Tract, thence NW 60 to be
ftinnlnfr. being the NW portion of lot 8L Glen
Echo Tract, map 2, Oakland; $500.
Mary E. Marshall to , Henry Bratnober, lot
on NW corner of Piedmont or Magnolia and
Bonita avenues. N 248.87. W 86L60, S 250. • a
to beginning:.' being all of block 1, map of
Piedmont Park. Oakland Township (quitclaim
deed); $3000.
John W. Atkinson to Kathryn R. Atkinson,
lot on S line of Le Conte avenue, 200 W of
I^e Roy, W 60 by 8 140. lot 13, block 12, Daley's
Scenic Pnrk, Berkeley; gift.
Henry E. Pastor to Nellie S. Pastor, lot on
PW line of Bast; Fourteenth street 80 SB of
Twenty-sixth avenue. SE 40 by SW 125. being
the BE 40 feet of lot 1. block 1. Eden Park,
Brooklyn Township; gift.
Jean T Barbe and Bernard Salles to Frank
H Garcia, lot on NW line of Olive street, 275
NE of EJIm. NW 100 by NB 60, lots 81 and 83.
block C. Melrose Station Tract, Brooklyn
Township;" $J00. • •
Everett Pomeroy to Oay A Rosenberg, lot on
E line of Benton street, 80 8 of Banta Clara
avenue, 8 E0 by E 150, being the N 10 feet of
lot 66 and S 40 feet of lots 1 to 6. block 22.
Fiteh Homestead Tract. Alameda; 11500.
William H. and Eleanor J. Davis to Charlen
L. Davis, lot on 8 line of Clinton' avenue. 100
K of Chestnut street, B 100. S to boundary line
cf Rancho San Antonio, thence W to a point
where It would be intersected by a line paral
lel with and 100 E- of Chestnut street, thence
Nto beginning, Alameda; also lot on BW line
of East Twelfth street, 165 SB of Thirteenth
avenue. BE 60 by SW. 150, block 89, Clinton.
East Oakland: also -lot on KB corner of Nine
teenth arenue and Bast Twenty-sixth street.
N M by.D 116, block 89. on ¦ map of lots in
Brooklyn. East Oakland: also lot on N corn«r
of -Twelfth avenue and East- Twenty-fourth)
Hreet, NE 100 by NW ISO, block 150, Clinton,
East Oakland (subject to a mortgage for $4000) ;
gift. - . , •¦¦•¦;: -¦-:--¦. ¦ ¦ ; - ¦ ¦ •¦
The ' Equity Building .and * Loan Association
to Lucy B.' Blackwood, lot on E line of Union
street. 152 8 of .West Tenth. S 28 by E 183.
Oakland; $2500. . - . "
J. . M. and Mary D. Bartlett to Felton, Tay
lor, all interest in lot on W line of Webster
street, 136 8 of Walnut or.. Twenty-second. S
10 by . W. 100, portion of-" lot 4. . block 8, Faclflo
Homestead, Oakland?; $500. ¦ '. •-¦¦>
Charles B.* Wlllson to. Antonio MacMlllan, 5
seres, being range of. lot -14. map of Hartly
Tract., and t»»lnfr also the S- half of - plat -66,
Tlancho -.VV and : D. Peral ta, • Brooklyn ; .• $75nn.
- Norai Farrell to Caetano and Mary df> Fraga,
all Interest in lot on W. line of Whlttler street,
609 N of East Fourteenth.' N • 25 by t W< 146. lot
%>. .block A,- on. redlvlslon. map': of -iFrultvale
Tract. ¦¦ Brooklyn Township: $112. :
iiooo.
O I*. Page to Emma Joseph, lot on E line of
Taylor street. 92:6 N of Turk. N 45. H 137:6.
S fc. W 6S:9; S 22:6, W SO. N »:6, W 88:9;
$45,000.
William and Lizile Hlnkel to Hana H. HJul.
lot on E line of Hyde street. 63:1 8 of Waah
lr.fton. 8 23 by B 109:6; $8100.
City and County of San Francisco to Gio
vanni Demartlnl, lot on W line of Hampshire
(Jersey) street. 75 S of Eighteenth (Solano), S
25 by W 100: i
Catherine Hannan to Alice Morgan, lot on N
line of Clement street. 82:6 W of Twenty-third
avenue/ W 25 by N 100: $500.
Mary J. Hogan (by C. W. Dlxon, commis
sioner) to Cosmos Loan Association, lot on B
line of Sixth avenue, 160 N of Clement street.
N 25 by E 120; $1983.
Wlllard V. and Marie L. Huntlncton to
Ofor^e P Dlllman, lot on 8 Una of B »treet.
l(/7-6 W of Sixteenth avenue. W 25 by S 100;
W 25 by N 1C0; $3500.
John D. Nipper to June* M. Patrick, lot oa
8 line of Sacramento street. 137:6 W of Spruce.
W 27:6 by B 132:7%; $1500.
Herman and Mathlldo 11. Shalnwald to Net
tle Schwartz (wife of Isldor). lot on E line of
Valencia street. S50 8 of Fourteenth, 8 DO by
E 100; $10.
Hlbernla. Savings and Loan Society to Spen
cer C Buckbee, lot on E lln» of Valencia
street, 300 8 of Fourteenth, S 50 by B 100; 16000.
Same to Agnes M. Dunn (wife of Edward I.)
let on 8 >llne of Twentieth street, 62:4^4 W of
Noe B 24:M*. S 100. W 24. N 87:8, N tS:9 to
a point. N 33:1: $I50<X
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Emma Fell
roth (wife of E. O.). lot on W line of Hartford
ftreet. 128:9 N of Eighteenth, N 25 by W 125;
$3500.
Robert B. and B. L. Moorehead (his wife) to
Anne B A. Brown, lot on 8 line of Twenty-
Seventh street, 168 E of Castro, E 60 by S 114;
6S:9; $5000.
Charles Blach to Wolf and Rachel Sanders,
lot on S Una of Ellis street, 1SO:6 B of Bu
chanan, E 25, 8 120, W 25. N 100; $4800.
' Estate of Emil D. Rosenbaum (by Barah
Rosenbaum and J. B.' Lankershlm, executors)
to Maria 8. Hubbard, all interest in' lot on N
line of Broadway. 245 W of Stelner street. W
47:6 by tt 137:8; 17123.
Joseph- and Max J. Brandenstein (trustees of
the estate of Albert S. Rosenbaum), Joseph and
Jane Brandenstein, Samuel M., Albert M.;
Charles W. and Sarah Rosenbaum and Virginia
and Julia Strassburger to same, all same; $7000.
Barah F. Laven to John H. Brunlngs, lot on.
N line of Fell street. 63 W of Maaonlo avenue,
' Jacob H., Dora, David and Joaephln* D.
Keustadter. Sigmund and Stella . Feuchtwan
ger, Isaac and Mary F. OpX>enhelmer and
Xeustadter Brothers to Xeustadter Brothers
(corporation), lot on SB corner of Grovt and
Gough street*. B 137:6 by S 120; 130.000.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Wil
liam F. and Annie T. Feehan, lot on N line of
Grove street, $2:8 W of Gough, W SO by N
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
The market considers this a certainty,
owing to the rapid recovery since January
1. Tha private rate, of discount fell rap
idly to 3% per. cent, but rose again to 4
per cent in consequence of the rise in the
Bank of England's rate. Call money,
however, was abundant at 4 per cent. The
market believes the Reichsbank will
maintain the present official rate until the
Bank of England reduces its rate. Other
wise the Reichsbank would make a re
duction sooner. Foreign exchange rose In
consequence of the rise In the Bank of
England rate. The Bourse followed the
new year'B boom In railways unwillingly,
Berlin believing the thing to be overdone.
Among trans- Atlantic securities Canadian
Pacifies took the lead.
BERLIN, Jan. 6.— The fears of the Lon
don and New York money markets have
left Berlin comparatively untouched. The
new year opened with a remarkable
plethora of money. Although Brussels
and Paris have discontinued discounting
here the mortgage banks have resumed
tendering, their position having been im
mensely strengthened by the meeting a
week ago of the Prussian Hypothekenak
tien Bank and the Deutsche Qrundschuld
Bank. The public Is now regaining con
fidence In these Institutions, and the re
turn of their obligations has almost
ceased. On the other hand, the demand
for mortgage bank obligations is begin
ning afresh. ,
The effect of the advance In the Banlc
of England's rate was unusually slight.
Hitherto the Reichsbank had always an
swered to the Bank of England advance.
In the present case, however,' notwith
standing the unprecedented pressure ' of
December 81, the Reichsbank rate of dis
count will be maintained.
Scarcely Noticed.
Advance of Bank of England Kate
LONDON, Jan. «.— L*at week the Stock
Exchange bad to stand the severest strain
known for a long time. If It cams through
safely it was mainly due to the .strength
and breadth of the American market. The
failures and panicky feeling- resulting'
from the collapse of the London and
Globe Finance Corporation (Limited) was
added to by an unexpected increase in the
Bank of England rate, and even now,
when the crisis seems to be safely passed,
those who are disposed to look upon the
gloomy* elde . of things fear that there la
•worse in store for the coming settlement,
when some big differences must be met.
In spite of the large realizations which
had taken place, especially In the Ameri
can market, a favorable turn came Fri
day, when New York bought up all it
could get at the lowest prices. \ This not
only set Tankees booming, but put the
other markets In better spirits, causing a
decided recovery all around, consols fin
ishing only one-half point lower, and
home rails, after losing one-half to one
point during the week, closing above the
worst figures. This upward movement In
Americans continued without check until
the close of the Stock Exchange yester
day.
The rise In the Bank of England rate,
which was chiefly a precautionary meas
ure, has not materially" affected the,
money market, as the supply of money
Is good owing to the release of Govern
ment dividends.
-¦ •
BERLIN BOURSE XTnATFECTED.
Though the Crisis Is Passed for the
. Present, Many Believe That
Thera Is Worse to
UPHELD BY THE
AMERICAN MARKET
London Stock Exchange Re
lieved of Severest Strain >
for Many Years.
THE SAN IfRANCISCO^CAIiL, MONDAY, JAKUARY T, 1901.
9
I Last I This I Lut
134 Hours Season. I Season.
STATION'S.
Kureka.
Red Bluff
Sacramento
San Francisco
Fresno
Independence
San Ivuis Oblspo....
IjO8 Angeles
San Diego
o.r.6
O.I*
0.78
1.75
0.43
0.60
4.64
0.80
0.06
9.98
10.84
6.65
8.67
18.86
7.J5
1.79
29.69
14.03
13.05
• 18.68
«.10
2.09
11.60
4.57
1.60
I Last I This I Lut
134 Hours Season. I Season.
STATION'S.
Kureka.
Red Bluff
Sacramento
San Francisco
Fresno
Independence
San Ivuis Oblspo....
IjO8 Angeles
San Diego
o.r.6
O.I*
0.78
1.75
0.43
0.60
4.64
0.80
0.06
9.98
10.84
6.65
8.67
18.86
7.J5
1.79
29.69
14.03
13.05
• 18.68
«.10
2.09
11.60
4.57
1.60
•RAH.WAY TRA.VIIL.
¦OVTHEBH FAVIV1C COHPAIT.
(rAomo siitxic.)
Tralsis ItRi* i»ml nr* iia« te> sirrlt* Ml
5 MAN rilAilt'UVO.
<M»ln Line. Foot of Market Street.)
LgATl — FKOU JAVCU.T L 1901. — iMUTl
7i30a BenlcU, Bafann, Elmlr*. VteatUls,
Ramsey snd omornnento Ti43r
TtSOA D«,tL3, Woodland. KnJghu Lsnding.
. UirjiTille, Oroiille.. 7H3.-
7iS0a AtUntla Kxpres*— Ojden and Eait lSilSr
SiOOa Martlnex, 8»n H»mon, Vsllejo. Kapa,
Callstors sod Hsots Rots... AtlSp
8:OOa Nllet, Urennoro, Tracy, Lathrop,
Btocktoa TilSr
¦:50a Boasts Kzpresa— IHTiaWllllsnu (for
Bartlett fipricn), WlUows, Btd
Bluff, PorUani Ti«?
Si3Oa Ssu Jots, liTermota, tStooktoa,
Iods, Hacrsiusutp, Fl»cer»Ul».
M»ns*nia, Chioo, Ked Bluff 4il.1p
"<SOAO»lulal?,ChlaEs«, Honors, Carton... 4it3r
0:00* IIa|v»»td», Miles tad Way BUtions. 11i«3a
Bi«Oa.Los Angeles Express — Martlue*.
Ttncy, Luthrop. Htocktoo. lleroed
Ficiuo and Lo» Anfoles TiISf
BiaeA Vailcjo, Mkrklnes sud Way Statlooi ai-sSr
10:00* The OrerUnd Limited— Ogdeo, Din-
Ter, Omaha, Chlcags 0<49r
1 IiO*a Nilts. Stockton, Hacramento, Man- ,
dots, Fresno, Banford. VUsila, '.
PorterTiile «i!3r
- It i«0 a LlTen&ore, Bsoger, Goshen Jon*
tlon, Bakenaefd, Los Angeles
fliOOr S»crs,rn«nto HI»er Stetmers fSiOBA
3:OOp Hajwsxds, Silts and Way Station*. 0i43p
4:tt«r Mutiuex. Ban lUioon, Vallejo.
Nap*, CaiUtoK*. SauU Itoss »ilS*
4i00p Benicls, Wt&ters, 8seramento>
Woodland, Kulghti Landlag,
Marjiftlle, Orofillo I«i<»a
4iBOf Hsytrsids. tille* aud San Joas...... JSi4.1a
SsOOf Niles. LlTermoro, Stockton. LodT... I0i43a
•diOOr Bnpset limited. El Psso, New -
Orleans and East. <10i13a
0:00? Tha Owl, Mmlted-Tracr, Fresno.
BakersflelJ. Bsngos for Bsota Bar-
bars, Los Angeles. 10«13a
SiOerNew Orleant Expteas— Bakenfleld.
Hant» Uarbara. Los ABceles. Dem-
lor. El Fuo, New Orleans and
¦''¦' Cut..... • , 7i«a
SiOOp HaTwards. Nlles and Ban Jos* 7i ia a
fCiOOp Vallejo j. Ili4a»
OiOor Oriental Mail— Ogden, Chejeana.
Omaha, Chioago 1SU3Y
•i«0» Oriental >l»il-Ogd«n, Denisi,
Omaha, Cnloago. , 4il8r
7iO«r Oregon and California ISxpress, Baa-
rameuto. MarTS*llla. Reddluf.
rortlaml, Puget Bound a. id Kaat 1i43a
8t«3r8aa Pablo, Port Costa, MarUnea
and Waj StaUons Ui43«
I«»B3f Vsllejo 7t43r
COAST IUTISIOS (5«rrorf Gauge).
(Foot ot Market Street.) .
SiISa Newark. UeuteMll!e,8»n.Ios«,Fe!ton,
Bonldef Otcek.SsutaOrnssndWaj - .
BUUons «i»or
tai!3» Newark. Oentenrill*.. San Jose, New
' Almaden, Felton, IVmMsr Creek,
8ants Crui and Principal Way
StaUoof...^ ,. t«J«"»«*
4i15p Newark. San Jcs«. LosGstos '.. 8:30a
«9iSOr Hnntars' Excursion, Ban Jose sad
Way Buttons f7z*»r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Mb 811 m XClSCO-r.it *r UuUX tlrnl (S!l* 8>-
17:15 9:00 I1:00a.M. 1:C9 3:33 S:C3f.«.
rromOHUIB— 7Ml«rBr»«dw»j.— 1«:00 \».09 MAS
10.00 a.m. 13:00 3:00 itOa 8:lBr.M.
COAST DIVISION (Droad Hinge).
' ' . (Third and Tow mend 3ts.)
46ilOAOo«Ln View, Houth ban Fraodseo.. 1«iUUr
7iO»a Ban Joia and Wsy BUtions (New
Almadeu W»ilnejdAji only) liSOr
f iOOa Baa Joi«, Tres Pluos, Bants Cnu,
Paclllo Orota. l'aso Kablae, &»n
T.uls • ObUpo, Rnrf, I«mpoa and
Priliolpai War Slatt.n.» 4<1«V
I«i4Oa Ban Juie snd Way Btatlons SiSSa
I1:8Oa Baa Joi« aud Way Sutlnni ,. 8t30r
t3:J»p San Mateo, Kedwocl. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. BanU Clara. San .lose.
Tres Plnos. 8auU OniK, Bsllnss,
Monterey aiirt l'aolfle Grove...... t"»i30A
fBtS«p Ban Jose snd W»7 Station! 7«8Op
MilSr 8au Joie awl Principal WaySUtloaa 9:43a
43:OOr Ban Joee. Los Oatoe and Principal
. TVsySUtions ¦.••!••»
Si30r San Joso and Principal Way 8tat!on« S>8S«
e:SOr Ban Josa aod War BUtions ?!'-"*
qlli43f San Joseand Way SUtlooi., 7i8»r
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
f Rnnday exoepted. - t Sunday only.
g Mondays, Wedaesdsys, Fridays.
o Tuesdays, Thuredsy t, Sandaya. -
o Siturdar onlj- ¦ - ¦-
MEXICAN
IKTERNATIONAL RAILROAD.
EAGLE PASiS ROUTE.
THE SHORTEST STANDARD GAUGE
LINE AND FASTEST TIME BETWEEN
PRINCIPAL CITIES . IN THE UNITED
STATES AND MEXICO.
NO CHANGE OF CARS AT THE FRONT-
IER. THROUGH PULLMAN BUFFET
SLEEPING CARS DAILY BETWEEN NEW
ORLEANS AND THE CITT OF MEXICO.
MONTERET AND DURANGO. DIRECT
LINE TO MONTERET. DURANOO. ZACA-
TECAS. AGUAS 'CALIENTES. SAN LUIS
POTOSI, GUADALAJARA AND CITT OF
MEXICO. ALL TRAINS MET AT - THE
FRONTIER BT REPRESENTATIVE OF THE
PASSENGER DEPARTMENT TO ATTEND
TO INSPECTION OP BAGGAGE. EXCHANGE
OF. MONET. ETC. ...
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CALL ON
OR ADDRESS ANT AGENT OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANT, OR
C. K. DUNLAP, V
General Frelgtot and Passenger Agent.
Q. PORFIRIO DIAZ, Coah, Mcx.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEARXT ST. Established
in 1«54 for the treatment ot Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearinron body snd mind and
SVln Diseases. Tbe Doctor enreawhtn
others fail. « Try him. . Charrea low.
Cnrfimi«rnnl»*d. Callorwrita.
l>r. jr. *". QIBBOM, Ban Fraocisco, Cal. '
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
a\ Steamers Ieav» Broadway
• wharf. San Francisco:
ftv^t«__ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
S^S?5SlL. Jan - *• *• n - 13 - 2 1 - 2! - «. Fe ''-
|S^CSp*5v •• Change to company's tt«am-
RjTg^ura ers at Seattle.
fcslk'Srl jBI 4 For Victoria. Vaneouv-r (B.
I {iww^ii C.), Port Townsend. Seattle.
[^^^BS^SA Taeoina. Everett, Anacortes,
v and xew Whatoom (Wash.)—
11 a a..' Jan. 1. 6, 11, 18, II, JJ,
81. Ftb. 5. and •?cry fifth day thereafter.
Changs at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Seattl* or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Htnnboldt Bay— I p. _,, Jaa. 1. g
13, U. E, li, Feb. I. and tvery fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Banta Bar-
bara. Port Los Angela* and Redondo (Loa An«
gelei)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. I a. m.j
tt<>amer Santa. Roso Sundays, 3 a. m.
'Fcr Banta Cnu. Monterty. San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). GaTlota.
Banta Barbara. Ventura, Husnema. Ban Psdro.
East San Psdro <Ix>s Angeles) and Mawport—
Steamer Corona, Fridays, la, m.; steamer
Bonita. Tuesdays, I a. ta.
For Ensenada, Magdaltna Bay. Saa Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, I_ Pas. Santa RossJla.
and Guaymas (Max.) — 10 a. m. 7th each month.
• For further Information obtain company's
folders.
Tht company reserves the right t« chacge
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notlee.
TICKET OPFICB-4 New Montgomery
streat (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO., Ota. Agenta.
10 Market it. Saa Francisco.
THE 0. R. & H, GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAM2R3 TO
PORTLAND
From ' Spaar-streat Wharf at n a. m.
PARC $12 First Clais Includtnfl Berth
rnllL $8 Second Class cod Meal*.
COLUMBIA Sails.. Jan. s. 13. 13 F»h. 1
GEO. VT. ELDER Soils /.Jan. f. ll „
Short Lin* to "Walla Walls, flpokan*. Butta.
Helena and all .potatj la the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agtnt,
€30 Markst st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WITi, LEAVE WHAJtF. COR-
ner First and Brannaa streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HON'OKO.VO, calling at
Kobe (Uiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. H0NGK0NO MAITO .,;
: • Thursday. January M, Dei
ES. NIPPON MARtT ...:„.
Tuesday. February 1*. 1991
ES. AMERICA MARU
- Friday. March 13. 1301
Ronnd-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's cff.ee.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
1
AMERICAN LINE.
HIV YORK. 80CTHAst?T0N. LCND03. FAXX3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbormd,
From New York Every Wednesday, 19 a, m.
Kenstngton Jan. tlVadsrlaad Jan. SO
Noordland Jan. 16 New Tork Feb. «
Frlesland Jan. 231 Kenstngton Feb. 13
RED STAR LINE;
Naw York and Antwarp.
From Nsw Tork Every Wednesday. 13 Noon.
Kensington Jan. fTSouthwark Jan. M
Noordland Jan. 181 Westemland ...Feb. i
Friesland Jan. 23[Kensingtoa Feb. 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIOATION COMPANT.
CH AS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
SO . Montgomery st.
oceanics.s.co.s,M
"Bi AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Monday. January 7. 10 a. ra.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
- Wednesday. January U. t p. m.
SS SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
..Wednesday, January 13, at 9 p. tn.
J. I.SPBECKEIS k BROS. CO., Giceral Aasnts. 327 lariat St
6a'l Pasaager Otto, 643 Hzrkct SL, Pier Is. 7. Paslb St
PANAMA R.R, 8 S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Fars— Cabin; tTSi Steerage, $*0l
S. S, ROAN OKE sails January 8,
S. S. ST. PAUL sails January 29,
From wharf, foot of Fremont st. at > p. ra.
Freight and passenger office. iZO Markst st.
V. T. CONNOR. Paclflo Coast Agant.
C0XPA8XIS GENERALS TRAS3ATLAMTIQCS.
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS, j^fl-
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of <^JTa75
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pi«r 42,-~*W**±
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
tt» Havre. J53 and upward. Becond class to
Havre,»« and upward. GENERAL AGENCT
FOR tNITED 8TATES AND CANADA. J3
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F FCOAZI * CO.. Paclflo Coast Agents. S
Montgomery avenuv San Frandsco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Tlrk«t Agents ¦
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
>' FOR U.S.1aYY YARD AND YALLEJO. :
.¦-.< : -. ;. Steamer "Montlcello."
MON:, Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Bat_ at t:43
a. ra., S:1S, 8:3% p. m. (ex. Thurs. nifbt); Frt-
Cays. 1 p. m and S:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p m. Landing and office. Mlsstoo-ctrset Dock,
pier No. S. - Telephoca Main 1503.
FARE ......Ko.
A miss is as pood as * a :nUe>; an elderly
mlrr.ls as good as a'century. , * ¦;¦..
. AlcAUOY «fc CO.. ; /
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1239 Market St.. between Sth and 9th.
Telephone Bouth 247. '
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
. DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School. •
V Telephone South bO. ¦'.
HENRY J; GALLAGHER CO.'
I RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN!!. X0.
LiBSSKHl
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry._Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to 6an Rafael.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 1»:35. S:30.
6-10 «:3O p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at ll:S0
p'. in. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:50 and
BUNDATS^'-OO. »:80. 11:00 a. m.: l:S0, 3:S9. E:CO,
6:20 p. m. ~- ¦
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATSr-<:lD. 7:50. »:M, 11:10 *.n.fll:ft
1:40. E:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:63
n t\(\ 6 *35 D. xn.
SUNDAYS-S:l0. »:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40. 8:06.
6 - 25 p m. ...
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetzen Park,
name schedule 'as above.
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrive
San Francisco. I Nov. 7, 1900. | Ban Francisco.
"Week !¦ Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. ( days. | Days.
7:80 am 8:00 am Novato. . 10:40 am) 8:40 am
8:80 pm »:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:15 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:85 pm| 6:22 pm
. Fulton.: •' •
7:30 am Windsor,' 10:15 am
Healdsburg, ;
- Lytton,
Oeyservllle,
8:80 pra 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:M pm «:23pm
.7:80 ami j Hopland. I -I
•- I 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| i:22 pm
T:80*m I <¦ _,„(,-. '|W:»«a
8:00 am Goernevine, 7:S5 pm
8:80 pm 6:M pm
7:80 am! 8:00 am Sonoma »:18 am 8:40 am
¦ and ¦
8:1» pm 5:00* pm Glen Ellen. 8:66 pm 8:83 pm
7:80 ami 8:00 ami : . 110:40 atn]10:25 am
• 8:30 pm] 6:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:85 pm| 8:23 pm
Stages connect at Banta Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs : at
Geyservilln for . Skaggs Springs; • at doverdal*
for- the -> Geysers : -at Hopland for ¦ Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. KelseyvUIe, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, - Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's. ; Riverside. Llertey'B, Bucknell's,
Fanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs,
Mendoclno > City, ' Fort Bragg, .Westport, • Usal,
Wllletts, Laytonville. Cummlngs. Beirs Springs,
Harris. Olsens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka. .
Saturday to : Monday round -trip tickets at re-
duced rates. V\ .;.' - . * •-¦ ¦¦-¦--. ..' -. . /,
- On , Bundayn. round-trip tickets to . all points
beyond San Rafael at I half rates.' :
Ticket office. 630 Market st. Chronicle bnild-
Int. R. X-RTAN,'
: H. C.; WHITING, Gen.. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manager. - •
ROO21S TO LET Farn. and Inforn.
_nNl<A7^7be^d"aTd^th - 7N^w*1rc^k^ou»e)
Single, double and housekeeping rooms.
MINNA. 6«7. corner Elgrhth— Nicely furnished
bay-window room, $i per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1016 Market Bt.— Nicely
furnished rooras, {2 a week up; 85c a day up.
OTARRELL, TO — Sunny furnished rooms and
• offices; elevator: electric lights; day. wk., mo.
CFARIIELL. 252— Nice eunny front rooms; also
housekeeping rocms; gas and bath.
POST. 631— Sunny room. V. furnished: V unfur-
nished: Protestant Christians preferred.
ROSEDALE House. 818-221 Ellis st.-Rooms.
night. 25c to Jl; week, tl 25 to U: open night.
ROYAL House. r» Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
reading-room. Brook! ng-roora and ladies par-
lor; rooms, per night. 25c to |1 M: week, $2 to
{8; month, t8 to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
{¦HERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth «t..
n»ar Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH tit, corner Shipley— Sunny front room
by private family; suitable fcr two.
STEVENSON. 631HB— Lady wishes a few more
roomer*, with or without board.
6 UTTER, S"0y— Changed! hands; newly reno-
vated; ric*-le rooms. $8: suites. »13 to SIS mo.
BUTTER, t78 — Convenient, well-furnished Iront
offices or desirable living rooms.
EUTT25R. 737. nr. Taylor — Bunny, choice: $11;
appreciated If seen; baths; please Investigate.
TURK, 1T6— Furnished room aultable for gen-
tleman, IS per. month.
VALKNCIA. 15* — 6unny furnished front bay- i
window room: suitable for 2; apply upper flat. I
CLASSIFICT> advertisements and subscriptions j
reef !v»<3 at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore ti.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrictiors has been established at 1034
Valencia ft.
ROOMS AMJ BOARD.
I AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex SOT California st, may !
be found a meet exceptionally good table, at-
tractlve and tightly rooms at modest rate*.
ROOMS ASD BOARD- WANTED.
TOUNO maa Just discharged from army would
like room ar.d board; home comforts; will
pay In advance. Box JS7. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED. —
MOTHER and growu son want private apart-
ment or Bat of S or 4 partly furnished rooms;
modern: reasonable; permanent. Box 885, Call.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL. kinds botirht. sold and repairing sr-iaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds boughCsold. rented, exchanged, re-
pa'.red; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold rented, repaired; needles and
thuttles; reduced rates. H5 6th; phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
¦*V"IT>!?ON BROS., etorage and movlnjr; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 78S.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st •
tel. Main 1540; shipping at cut rates.
SLOT MACHINES.
SLOT machines— Latest style; 149 each. 1167
Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eichth.
TELEPHONES.
TELEPHONES, house cr private lines, Ji 50 a
s»t; electrical work Installed. 153t Pt. Lobos.
< J^^TUTCHS^A.SDJUPPLIE 9.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, 13. The Typewriter
Kx change. £36 California; telephone Main 266.
AL."WATB bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montromerr tt.
_________
BAN FRANCISCO, Dec 81 UOO-iThe secretary
of th» Ban Pranclsco Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum Society, situated on Halgrht street, hereby
rives r.ot'.ce that the following- orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been received
at th* institution frcm July L 1S00, to Janu-
ary 1, 1K1: Julia Reese, 14 yrs. 4 mos. ; Annie
Hanlke. o rrs. 11 mos.: Mary V7. Peterson. 11
jts. 8 mos.: Mary P. Scott, 7 yrs. S moe.;
Mary E. Cumrnlngg. 4 yrs. 4 mos.; HlldaOlsen,
32 JTS. 10 rnos.; Anr.le E. Zwaal, 8 yrs. 4 mos.;
Herman Hanlke, 8 jts. 8 mos. ; Willie Ran-
kln. 14 yrs. 9 me*.: Charles A. Peterson. >
rr«. ( mos. ; Hugh Cavanaugh. 7 yrs. 7 mos. ;
Clarence Cavanauirh. 6 yrs. ; William J. Scott,
* vrs. 2 rnos.; Edward Cummlngs. 8 yrs. I
rnos.; Charles J. Zwaal, S yrs. 1 mo.; Harold
F. Elliot. 7 yrs.; John H. Hansen, I yrs. I
rr.es.: Richard J. Nlcholdaon. 7 yrs. 4 mo*.,
and Stewart H. Elliot. E yrs. 5 mos.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby gives notice that, they have
admitted into the Orphanage from July 1, 1DG0,
to December 81, 1S00. the following named or-
phans and half-orphans, boys and girls:
Katie Ste'.n. 12 yrs. 1 mos.; Julia Stein, 10 yrs.
6 mos.; Ida Pteln, S yrs. 3 mos.; A. H. Frank.
11 >ts. . mos.; Edna Frank, 10 yrs. ; Freder-
ick Beburgall, 18 yrs. » mos.; Dora Levy, t
yrs. 7 om. ; Louis Levy, 7 yrs. 10 mos. ; Jacob
Ehaphran, 10 yrs. t rnos. ; Esjs Shaphran, S
jTs. ; Annie Shaphran, i yrs. 2 mos.; Esther
Fonnan, 19 yrs. 5 mos.; Etta Formal, 7 yrs.
t taos.; Bertna Forman. t yrs. 2 mos.; Mollle
Forms n, 8 yrs. € rnos. ; Frank ehaphran. 4 yrs.
E mos.; Mary X—aer, f yrs. S mos.; Augusta
Leser. ( yrs. 11 moe.; Cella Laser, 10 yrs. 9
tries.
NOTICE la hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage. 620 Lake st.. San Francisco, Cal..
hae received the following orphans, one-half
orphan and abandoned girls . from Oct. 1
1)60, to Jan. L 1231: Elizabeth M. Godwin, 8
yean i months; Mabel Godwin, 7 years t
months: Grace E. Godwin. S years; HUdreth
Clark. 13 years; I/i Man E. Wood. 11 years 2
months; Ethel Wood, 8 years 7 months; Lau-
ra Schulti, 9 years 6 months; Myrtle Medlen.
11 years 2 months: Hazel W. West. 5 years;
Zerneene E. Blyth. 9 years I months; Edith
M. Clothier, IS years 7 months; Ruth
Clothier, 2 years 5 months.
BAD tenants ejected for U; collections made;
City cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
416 Montgomery Ft., rooms 9-10: t»l. S58O.
'. DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— California Baf e Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts.— For the »lx months ending
December 81, 1300, dividends have been de-
clared on deposits in the savings department
cf this company as follows: On term de-
posits at the rate of J 6-10 per cent per an-
num, and on ordinary deposits at the rate of
> per cent per annum, free of taxes,- and pay-
able en and after Wednesday, January 2,
19C1. Dividends uncalled for are added to the
principal and bear the same rate of dividend
ss ths principal from and after January 1.
1601- J. DALZELL BROWJJ. ManagT.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A ulrldend. No. 25, of serenty-
nvs cents <75c) per share on the Issued capital
*tock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of th* company, 420 Califor-
nia street. Ban Francisco, on January 10, 1501.
iratssfer bscks close January 8. 1901. at noon.
A. A. SPARKS.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. M (thirty
cents per share) of th» Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the offlce
rf the company. 227 Market at., on and after
Thursday. January 10, 1S01. Transfer books
closed Thursday, January 3, 1901. at 3 o'clock
P "• E. H. KHELDON. Secretary.
! BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the natno and residence of per-
eon* authorized to have the eame published. <
MARRIED. !
THOMAS-CARR-In this city. January 4, 1901.
at St. Mary's Cathedral, by th* Rev. Kuther
Dempeey. i>r. Rue A. Thomas of Denver,
Colo., ard Ma» E. Carr of San Francisco.
DIED.
Black. Miss Mary McCarthy. Elizabeth
Brttt. Mary A. McCarthy. John
Burnham. E. J. Moore Mary
Chapman, Caroline S. Neighbor. Jacob
Cleary, Catharine O'Shea. Margaret
CornfooC Alfred S. Paul. Perclval J.
Davis. J. M. Preston. Joseph
Delury. Elizabeth Reddlngton. Mary
Doran (Infant) Bllva, Joseph
ESchler, Edward Smith, John H.
Etu.s. Roxanne M. Pprlnger, Delia
Gallagher, Mary Bteiner. Paul F. a
Granvllle, Mary A. Taussig. Louis
James. 'William Welsh., Maggie
Kilday, Bridget Wiggins. William H.
Legssse, Annie . Wildes, J. H. .
Levtngston. Emanuel Woodward, Walter
Logan. Maria
BLACK— In Berkeley. January 4. lsoi, Miss
Mary Black, dearly beloved sister of James
F. Black. Mrs. Elizabeth Flaker. the late
l>amel J. Black and the late Mrs. Margaret
Chricty of Charleston. Mass.. a native of I
County Antrim. Ireland. j
CJTrlends and aCQ.ualntanre» are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
denc-*. J?19 Addlson etreet. Uerkelpy. thence
to St. .Tos»i>h> Church. Berkeley, wher~ a soj-
roin requiem h!ph man will \i* c«*lrbral«d for
tho r*po«» of h«r fouI, cmmrnrlng at 10
o'clock sharp. Interment St. Mary's Ceaie-
tc-rj-.
BRITT— In this city, January «, WW. Mary A.
Britt. beloved sister of Mrs. 6. R. Stack, a
native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
ETTtie funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at l:S» o # clocX from the paxlorh
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADV 1 C 'E ***; no charge unlesa irucceasfwl.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PEIISOSALS.
-m- _,« 1 -_,-_-, njnu- .,-i_-i-. i - -. _, .^-.r^j-crurt^nj-ij-u-iurxo^fcJ-Mr^-ruro-ur,! ji,t_A_
A GENTLEMAN. C years, would like to cor-
respond w.tli lady; object raatriiaoEy. Ad-
(Irest box 1SS4, Call office.
MATTXIESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. Bouth 7JS.
TnMle to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; fine uphol-
stery; goods carefully racked for shipment or
ttorac*. KOPKC BEOS.. £18 and £20 Uth St.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et., near Market: "00 rooms;
ISo to tl C9 per night; 11 60 to j: per week;
?re« 'bus and baggags to and from the ferry.
Supex2u0ds hair removed with electric needle:
electric roller facial treatment for wrinkles;
all branches ta.nght. Miss Eaton. 1119 Butter.
FXKS m'.ta, Jl»; dress pants. J2 75. MISFIT
CLOTH INXJ PARLORS, iZl Montgomery et.
A--U tt DERBY and Fedora hat*, Jl TJ. Popu-
lar Prloe Hatters, J30 Kearsy et.. near Pine.
?nTS to crter en Instalments; 115 upward; «
a wsek. LEON LEVOE. in" Market «t.. be-
tweea EeTesOi and Eighth.
v.-HITE ecaine! Iron beds, r'.cg'.e. threo-qnarter
or doubU, t2 SE. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1S1A-1212 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasor^ble rates; 19
year*' erper.sac*. J. B. RAY. SST Jeaale at.
PLT^S to orirr <m easy p«-vments. Art Tailor-
ing CO.. 1M4 Mkt., under Bt. Nicholas Hotel.
ALFREnVMS Egyptian Hesna; restore* gray
hair to Its natural color; SI: at all druggists.
MASQUERADE fW.triw. rigy books, wigs;
eoustry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., TS3 Mkt
VR. LAMOTTETP French Corn Paint, the beat
~>"n rure: tf>: a'1 <!rv :rd«ts.
PHYSICIAXS AICD SURGEONS.
:>R. C. C. O'DOXNELL— Office and residence,
jCnH Markst et., between Sixth ar.d Bevanth.
l* \HALTPIS, rheumatism, asthma effectually
rtt~£ VS.. J. H, nKTTVT.. !6'j K>arpy tt.
KKAL BSTATB CITV FOR S 4.LD.
TTfB e&oicost lets In Richmond for «l>. either
for ct*h or tn eaiy payments, same price,
no difference, at ruch figure* teat the buyers
caxnot help bat double their raeaey; street
work all dossi water, (a* and electricity
••eady to turn on; cable and «:e?trl3 car» pass
:a front; cheaper than ar.ytnlcg; e:»» offered;
call end get I'.tt; thesa very desirable lots are
all ca this ¦'.£• and east ef Twelfth ar*.,
tad cot far cut, a.nd Ju*t what it panted by
thoee locklr.r for hcines. W. J. GCS.V, 130
OB.':fornla st. _^_____________
TWO r.lfe h^s-.et !a BMbaoBfl: not far out;
all atreet work <!c=e; within M feet of the
electric cars; » roosis and bath; lot »7x
:ro Kt'X): « room* s-nd bathroom, lot 25x1^0;
ti-ti5. I caa arranre for easy terms th» aam«
at paylrx rent: both are bargains. W. J.
GUN.V. £21 California tt, between Montgom-
ery and Kearsy.
IK you have property north of the Park and
you wish ts sell <;u'..-kly, tnea call on W. J.
nXTSV. £30 CaMfcrsia st.
EFIOHTS.
BUXKT CORNER.
FINE VIEW.
N"E. cor. C.*.y ar.d Locust its.. I blocks west
rf Central ave., cae block too double track car
Una ca Bacrasiento «t.; lot TS:6 front by 127:8 ft.
<!e»-p: iarxe. f-ne lawn: verr solid and oonve-
7i'»nt hcu*« cf 14 rooms: the first floor Is built
! n rock and eetr.ent; fine neighbors; price only
(2S.W0; e*ry terms.
THOS. MAGEE & BON'S. 8 Montgomery at.
"iVaKTED- City Inooms property and park lota.
ANDREW PRICE tt CO.. S3 getLTny St.
T'CUFE ar.i lot fcr »al» at a eacrtflce; account
'1 cVrarare. \t2> P->t ct.
IICAL ESTATE COUMRY For Sals
AT U*t per ajj» tS8 acres; nearly all tillable;
M acrea perfect rarfea ao'.l; some timber:
b*«t watered raoca In the county; good ana
complete s*t of b-aild'.r.rs- ur.ecusJed loca-
tion for roads'.€e house, actel. etc. If so
fies'-yed; lf« an exoeptloosj opportunity: take
rr.y atfric*; fl'jn't fieiar. Iff. D. BICKEL6—
Um LAND AGEyT. I 6eary at.
FOB T>T"^T. WfT.TT CR EXCHANGE— One of
th« finest stock, bar and grain ranches In
Lake Oocsty; 4 barns, horret. furrdtore and
isplesiesti complete. J. H. FTEGE, £S East
st.. Saa Fra,nc'.»ee.
CKZJL. oa KAMOX ORnTTS, TU Markat rt..
for c'.rculars of farms and city property.
P.VP-OATKB In oottntry real esta.t«, aale or ex-
rhanr* AVDP-TTtT PRICE * CO.. «0 Kearr.y.
RANCH TO LET.
NEAR Ha-ywarda, li acres; well lnsproTed;
ors*; rer.t. 2S?€ K'.rt^enth rt.. city.
jiTAJ. ESTATIS TO EICHA.>'GB.
TO exchang*— IS acres frc!t laaa; U axrei la
hearing orehs.rd : balance hay ; vltnats Bonoma
Co. r.«ar s^sod to* '.'.: Pifoe trsoO: *Tcrhanire for
r*«l(lenc» or Io<S*1r.B-rKrus*. O. "W. BCHTVEIK-
HARD, No. H7 Market; telephone Mint 1811.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
S2000 — Nr» colonlai cottage. • rooms asd baths
lot 4! t H». J. H. YOUNG, bcllCer. H4i Park.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
CFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAVD REAL ESTATE.
tSta-A SMALL hose cf 4 room and bath; mnet
be eolfl: Wth rt.. near Telegraph av«.; Sxioa.
K. 3. ENTDER & CO.. Real Estate. 40 Ninth
ft.. Oakland. Cal.
«7rA-4 ROOMS ; JIxlOO; rsuet be teld. A. J.
cN'TT.rn CO.. At: NV-.th tt.. Oaklana.
OAKLAND FCHMTCRB FOR SALK.
AN lntrt>4act!cn to yen from II. Schellhaas, the
furaltuf dealer. 11th and FYanklln. Oakland.
ROOMS FOB. HOCSEKEEP1NG.
BARTLETT. 4!*~8 accsy ccaaectlng bouse-
keeplsg roorr.«; tick aai bath.
BZtODKRZCK. K5-Two cr thre« neatly fur-
t-'.&hra roon^s for houseUeeplnc; reasor^abls.
riFTH. »i>— rurpished ar.d houaekeeplng.
KXFTa. ££3— Kurx.l«htd for bou*»keeplna*. dou-
: :« parlore. kitchen. Lath. {20; also elngla J5.
rREMONT, SU-Ho^»;)teeplflg. furnished or
unfurclshed: alaa single and dovbla rooens
fcr gentleman. •
GROVE. I'jt—ThT— unfurnished rooms for
• housekeeping.
HYDTi «T«— Busr.y front parlor mite. tX; also
suite suitable for 2, S2w; biLsem*nt suite. tl2.
Si.'JlKET, itZi. epp. 10th— Larg» sunny iront
alcove, $10; aito aisgle, 15. - ..-..;.
MARTHA place, S. off Geary, near ilason— J
Runcy rooms; ccnvsnleat; reasonable.
ISIS S A. Mf — Furr.lfched roods for hoasekeep-
'.r.g; large yard.
OAK. li— Front sunny room; rnnrlng trater
cr.A •
OAK. 11»— One very sunny roosi.- furnished for
hcusfkeeclsg; etov*. cic«et water; tl
KECOKD, 2'^— Newly furnished; reasonable and
repj^ctabie; very convenient and qnlet.
A BRANCH o?See for Call advertl»emeats and
rubs=?r:tuor.t tas beea established at 1&58
Valencia st.
CLAESIFIEI> s.ev«?rt!s*n:er.ts and subscriptions
received at Call brarch o^flge. £200 Flilmore tt.
ROOMS TO LUT — Farn. and Infum.
A1ILBOKN HOTEL. 221 Grant ave.— Seat dol-
lar a. 6ay family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance.;' l&rge roorca; modera conveniences;
roorcs We up: firrt -class meal* 2Sc; Iree coach.
A-EKL'NSWICK House. Its Sixth— Rooms 25o
to II per night; Jl 25 to t5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all eight.
AJ5II ave.. U, off Larkln— fiucay front bay-
window rooa nicely furBlthsd; rentlemea
prefwred.
UCRNETT. Jt3« Market (old No. 1ZU)— Pur-
clshed nns.. ffdt«s. slcgle; also anfornlghed.
BUEH. K9 <Ttu» EUk>— Jfloely furnlehed sunny
rmi; gay. 25c up: wk.. »1 60 up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
"CLINTOIC." IT Pclk. nr. Mkt.— JTlnely tarn...
en suite, e'.nrie: reasoss-ble; hot. cold water.
EDDT, tlO— Nicely furnlehed room and office, !
»llh rusr.irig water, eultable for a doctor; i
iccation.
GEARY, <00(The Navarre)— Elegantly fnrnlshed
rxi: suites or single; travelers aoccaimodated.
COLDEV OATE a*«.. 499— 6maU sunny room;
6oub> bed; closet: gas; 17.
<WLr>EN Oate ave.. td—l Jingle sunny front
' room; rles-n and comfortable.
GHAN1» EOUTIIEI'.N*. touthrant corner Seventh
end W!«2lcn «ts. — Sunny room*, en suite or
ricglr-; ]«£]«£' i-artrr; read Ing-room: elevator.
HAVKP. 40~One large room, fxirnirheii cr ua-
furn!sh«--d. •¦
. JKSPn% f.es. --..-ar F.rap«1UT3 — Furnished rooras,
• U arU ts; houxikeeplng. M.
i-/S PALUAS. J»M Market »t.— €aite or 2 or t
T-.T.t; private; bath; sin. me; board ' optional.
AUCTION SALES
J^ AUCTION SALE! £&
CLOs'lNG OUT SALE OF RED FRONT
STABLES and TEAMING BUSINESS, corner
Sixteenth and Guerrero sts. !
THIS DAY.
MONDAY, Jan. 7. at II o'clock. I will sell the
contents of above stables, consisting of 21 Head
of Horses; Sand Wagons; Dump CSu-ts; Single
and Double Express and Delivery Wagons; Bug-
gies; Carts; Heavy Team Wagon and Buggy
Harness; Coal Scales; Screens: Blocks and
Tackles: Tools, etc S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September SO. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 6:65. *9:15. Jl:0O a. m.. "1:44.
3:13, 4:00. 5:15. '8:15, 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:C0 and 11:35 p. m.
STJNDATS— •8:00. 'lOrOO. «ll:S0 a. m.. •1:13.
8:15. »4:45, «:30, 9:00 p. m.
Traina marked (•) run to San Qaentin.
FROM 8AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS-o:20. »6:S0. 7:43. 9:30 a. ru*
•l>:30. 1:48. »3:30. 4:30. S:20 p. ni.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20, »8:00, •10:00. »11:45 a. m.
•1:40. •2:15. 4:43, *6:S0 p. m.
Traina marked (•) start from 6an Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRA-NCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:45, 6:43. 7:55, 9:S0 a, m
12:S3. 2:10. 8:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. m. . , '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 v. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15. J:30.
5:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN'S.
fi:E5 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.
. 1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomalaa and way
stations.
8:C0 a. ra. Sundays— Tom ale* and way
stations.
Berkeley, thenoe by U o'clock creek rout* to
San Francisco. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery."- :•¦-.. -: •• '-./¦ •¦""¦¦ ¦.«••-.•- :¦¦,¦''.'
STEINER— In. this city, January 3. 1901; Paul
F. B., dearly beloved hUBband of Martha A.
Stelner, and brother of Herrman, Christian
and George Hofstetter and Mrs. Emilie La-
fourguette, a native of Marysvllle, Cal.. aged
32 years 9 months and 18 days. | A member of
Spartan Lodge No. 125. I. O. . O. F. ; South
San Francisco Parlor No. 167. N. S. . G. W. :
C"--t Live o-.k No. 67. F. of A., and Golden
. Wost Lodge No. 264. A. O. U. \v\
%y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1. o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ,1035 Seventeenth avenue. South ,San
Francisco, thence to Et. Paulus German
! Evangelical Lutheran Church, corner of Eddy
and Goug-h streets, where services will be
held, commenclrsff at 2 o'clock. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
COURT LIVE OAK No. 67.-Membera are no-
tified to meet at their court room. Masonic
• Hall, to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock. By
cider of J- SAUR. Chief Ranger.
J. O'BRIEN, Reo. Sec. '. . - :
SOUTH San Francisco Parlor No. 157, N. 8.
G. W.— Members are hereby notified to assem-
ble at Masonic Hall, to-morrow (Tuesday), at
1 o'clock, to attend the funeral of our iat«
brother, P. F. E. .Stelner. > .
ED J. TAAFFB. President
D. HARRINGTON. Re4. Sec.
TAUSSIG— In this city, January 5, 1901, Louis,
beloved husband of Annette Taussljr, and
father of Mrs. Henry . Mitau of Sacramento,
Cal.. aged 63 years. .
CPThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2127 California street. Funeral strictly
private. Positively no flowers.
WELSH— In this city, January « 1901, Maggie.
beloved daughter of James and Ellen Welsh,
and loving sister of Richard, John, James and
the late Ellen Welsh, a native of Ban Fran-
cisco, ased 24 years and 6 days.. .
CTFriends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:80 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 37 Hardie street, between- Sixteenth
: and Seventeenth and Church and Sanchez.
¦ thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WIGGINS— In this city. January 5. 1901. Wll-
¦ Ham H. Wiggins Jr., beloved husband of Jen-
nie L. Wiggins, father of Edward P., Wil-
liam H. and J. L. Wiggins, and oldest eon of
William H. and Sarah F. Wiggins, a native
of San Franolsco, aged 40 years 2 months and
21 days.
C7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 4C5
Powell street. . Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
WILDES— In Oakland, January 6. 1901, J, H.
Wildes, father of F. I* Wildes of Carson.
Nev., and Mrs. William Angus of East Oak-
- land, a native of Newburyport. Mass., aged
74 years.
Bi?"Funeral services to-morrow (Tuesday),
at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence of Mrs.
William Angus, 1470 Seventh avenue. East
Oakland. Interment private.
TVOODW ARD— Entered into r»st. In Oakland.
January «, 1901, Walter, beloved and eldest
Bon of Frank and Marian L. Woodward, and
brother of Frank Woodward. Mrs. F. L. Wai-
bel, Mrs. George S. B. Kl v and Blanche
"Woodward, a native of Brooklyn. N. Y.,
aged 33 years S months and 6 days. (New
York and Brooklyn papers please copy.)
CTFuneral sen-Ices to be held to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his parents'
residence. 811 East Sixteenth street, Oakland.
Interment jwlvate.
Ah I ever near to us, though unseen.
The dear, immortal Spirits tread;
For all the boundless universe
j Is llfel there Is no death.
C^Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of Theo. Dierks. 957 Mission street.
CHAPMAN— In Oakland. January 6, 1901. Caro-
line S.. beloved wife of the late A. P. Chap-
man, and mother of A. F. and the late C. W.
Chapman, a natlva of Connecticut, aged SO
years 1 month and 13 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
r-Jlly invited to attend the funeral this day
I < Monday), at 1:30 o^clock. from Plymouth-
avenue Church. Thirty-fourth street, near
Telegraph avenue, Oakland.
CLEARY— In this city, January 4. 1901, Cather-
, lno Cleary, beloved wife of the late Bernard •
Cleary, and mother of Kittle Cleary. a native
o *£?unty Donegal. Ireland, aged 4S years.
It7rriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 42Vi Juniper street, off Folsom. be-
tween Tenth and Eleventh, thence to St. Jo-
Be h, £ chur ch. where a requiem high mass
win be celebrated for the repose of her bouI,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CORNFOOT— In this city. January 6, 1901, Al-
fred 8.. beloved son of Samuel and Katie
Ccrnfoot, and grandson of Mrs. Mary Galla-
gher and Harry Cornfoot, a native of Ban
Francisco, aged 2 years and 8 days.
DAVIS— In this city, January '6. 1301, J. M.
Davis, aged 85 years. A member of Lilly
Ledge No. 1S4. K. of P., of Sisson. Cal.
C7Xotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the funeral parlors of Theo. Dierks, 957 Mis-
sion street. <
DELURY— In this city, January 4, 1901. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of George Delury, and
mother of James, George, William. Jeremiah,
Daniel, Mary. Kate and Thomas Delury, Mrs.
J. Tt. Chambers and the late John M. Delury.
a native of Trale«, County Kerry, Ireland,
aged w years 2 months and I days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
? Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 911 Folsom street, thence to St. Pat-
ricks Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencine at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DORAX-In this city, January 6, 1901, Infant
child of James and Hannah JDoran. a native
of San Francisco.
EICHLER— At ' Mount Eden. Cal.. Edward
ni cliler. dearly beloved husband of Louisa
Klchler, ond father of Millie Elchler. Mr.
Fred Hellwlg and Mee Klchler, a native of
Vienna, Austria-Hungary, aged 78 years %
months and 19 days.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, January 9, at 1 o'clock, from the late
residence, thence to Union Church, Mount
Eden, . fcr sen-ices. Interment Mount Eden
Cemetery.
EN AS— In Vallejo. January «. 1901. Roxanna
M.. beloved wife of Francis 8. Emraltt, a
native of New Hampshire, aged 60 years and
6 days.
%y Friends and acquaintances axe respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) afternoon, from her late residence.
218 Sacramento street, Vallejo. Interment Ma-
sonic and Odd Fellows' Cemetery-
GALLAGHER— In this city, January «, 1901,
Mary Gallagher, beloved sister of Bridget
Gallagher, a native of County Monaghan,
Ireland, ased SO years.
GRAN*VILLB-In this city, January 8. 1901,
Mary A., beloved wife of Arthur J. Gran-
ville, and mother Of Irene and Alice Gran-
vllle. and daughter of Mrs. W. Jivans, and
sister of Thomas and Bella Evans, a native
of San Francisco, aged 2S years 6 months and
23 days.
IDTFriends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:80 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 635 Howard street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services, at 11 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JAME&-In this city. January 6. 1901. •William.
dearly beloved husband of Laura James, a
native of Indiana, aced 41 years 2 months and
IS days.
(ETFrienat and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at t o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall Seventh and Market streets, under tho
auspices of Fidelity Lodge No. 222, I. O. O. F.
KILDAT— In this city, January 4, 1901, Brid-
get, beloved wife of the late Edward Kilday,
and beloved mother of Frank Kilday, Mrs.
Annie McComb, Mrs. S. A. Ollson and the
late Edward A. Kilday, a native' of Ireland,
i aced 72 years.
ff^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. ?2S Eleventh street, thence
to Bt. Joseph's Church for services, commenc-
ing at I o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
LEGASSE— In this city. January 4. 1901. Annie,
beloved mother of William P. and Josephine
I.eeass-, a native of County Meatb, Ireland,
aced €5 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 12 Adam street, off Army, -thence to
St_ Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
high majss will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
LEVINGSTON— In this city. January 6. 1901.
Esaanuel Levlneston. beloved father of Mrs.
E. W. Slchel and SalUe, Harry and Lafay
Levingston and Isl Levingston of Honolulu, a
native of Germany, aged SO years S months
and 18 da; s.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1023 Bush street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11 :30 • o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
LCK3AX— In this city, January — . 1901, Maria,
wife of Edward Logan, mother of Mary, An-
nie and Edward Logan, and daughter of the
late Arthur and Anna McMahon, a native of
Virginia. County Cavan, Ireland, aged 42
years.
JC7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. "67 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where mans
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
at 9 o'clock. ,
McCARTHT— In this city, January «, 1901,
Elizabeth McCarthy, beloved sister of John
and Peter McCarthy, a native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged 27 years.
MCCARTHY— In this city, January 6, 1*01, John
McCarthy, dearly beloved brother of Mrs-
James Meehan of Ban Francisco, Mrs. John
Cotter of Humboldt County and Mrs. Mary
Dugas of Preacott, Ariz., a native of Knock-
derry. County Limerick, Ireland, aged 61
years 6 months and 7 days. (Humboldt Coun-
ty. Cal.. and Arizona papers please copy.)
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission
street, thence to St. Josp-ph's Church for Eerv-
ices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOORE— In this city, January 6, 1901, Mary,
beloved wife of the late James G. Moore, and
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Mag-pie. A.
Matthews, Mrs. Lila J. Greer. Mr». Maggie
Young and Mrs. Josephine Wohler of Salinas,
Cal.
tCTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral to-morrow
• Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 8378 Twenty-third street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
NEIGHBOR— In this city, January 6, 1901. Ja-
cob, beloved father of Mrs. • Oeorge Smith,
Mrs. A. Montgomery and "W. E. and Luella
Neighbor, a native of New Jersey, aged 79
years 11 months and 8 days.
CTRemalns at mortuary chapel of Golden
Gate Undertaking: Company, 2429 Mission
street, near Twenty-first. Interment Chinese
Camp. Tuolumne County, Wednesday, Janu-
ary 9, 1801, at 10 o'clock.
O'BHEA— In this city, Januar- 6. 190L Mar-
garet, daughter of Mary and Cornelius
O'Shea, and beloved sister of Nora, Timothy,
Mary, Nellie and the late Thomas O'Shea,
and niece of J. O'Shea, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 18 years and 4 months. (Cork,
Ireland, papers Please copy.)
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, from the residence !
of the parents, 12SV4 Silver street, thence to
Bt. Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repoee of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PAUL— In this city, January 6, 190L Perclval
J., beloved sen of John J. and Norah Paul,
and brother of Maria O. Paul, a native of
San Francisco, aired 2 months and 18 days.
PRESTON— In this city. January 6, 1901, Jo-
seph, beloved husband of Bml He. Preston, and
father of Haxel, Dorothy and Joseph Ira
Preston, a native of England, aged 37 years.
ID^Notlce of funeral hereafter. . - -
REDDINGTON— In this city, January «. 1901.
Mary Reddlngton, beloved wife of the late
John H. Reddlngton, and mother of Mrs. John
McKenna, Mrs, Mark McKenna and Mathew
Reddlncton, a native of Ireland, aged 85
ye E7 Funeral notice hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of J. S. Godeau, 805 Montgom-
ery avenue. " • . .
BILVA— In Bay Farm Island, Cal.. January 6,
1901. Joseph Sllva, beloved husband of Maria
oe Jesus Sllva, and father of Mrs. Joseph
Perry, Mrs. Joseph Costa and Joseph L. W.
Bllva, a native of St. Michael Island. Azores,
ased 87 years.
BMITH— In thU city, January 6, 1901. John H.
Smith, uncle of William Earr. a natlva of
Glasgow, Scotland, aged 80 years 1 month and
ta days. /¦
SPRINGER— In Berryman Station. North
Berkeley. January 6, 1901. Delia, dearly be-
loved wife of Sanford O. Bprlnger. and mother
of Helen, Rose and Martrarite Springer, and
daughter of Mrs. Mary Thompson and of the
. late W. 8. Thompson, and sister of . Mrs.
Rose Chandler, a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years 6 months and 19 days. ' ,
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that funeral ta-kes place to-
morrow (Tuesday),- at « o'clock, from her
mother's residence, corner. Shattuck avenue
and Roe street, . Berryman Station. North
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
•Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BI r RNHAiI— In this city, January 6, 1901, E.
J. Burnham, a native of Maryland, aged 48
years. .
California
LimtxGu
you can travel " with speed as well as
comfort from San Francisco to Chi-
cago in 75 hours. Leaves every morn-
ing at 9 o'clock.
On the Santa Fe
HAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Ltm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lr. 8an Fran.] 7:20 a J:00 a 8:09 p 4:50 p
Ar. Stockton . 10:55 a 11:45 a 11:06 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15 a ~
" Fresno... 1:20 p I:J5 p 5:05 a
" Hanford . 4:12 p 3:87 p 7:M a ........
" Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:43 » :
" Tulare ... «:J7 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
- BksJleld . «:50p 5:20 p 7: JO a
" Kan. City J:41 a 7:30 a
" Chicago »:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
1:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Bleeping Cars and Dining
Cars throush to Chicago. Chair Car ran*
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tlcketa are honored en this trala Cor-
-responding train arrlTea at 1:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. ra. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ln* trmla arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleeper* and
free Reclining Cha!^ Car, also Palace
Sleapar. which cut* out at FTeano. Cor-
responding train arrtvm at 5:55 p.un. dally.
7:20 a. m, la Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In Ban Joaqnin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 1:40 a. m. dally.
Office*- <41 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 111S Broadway. Oak-
land.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leav-s ss*n Francisco, via Saasallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS....9.U a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. ra.
SUNDAYS S:00. 10:00. 11:20 and 133 p. m.
Fare. San FraacUco to Summit and Return.
$1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. Cl Market st. Baaaaltto Ferry-PEKING,' Jan. 6.— The British punitive
force under Colonel Tulloch, which", left
last Thursday for. Kan XI Ylng, from
which place shots had been fired nf a
patrol, returned to-day to Pekiner. Colonel
Tulloch reports that ¦ he found Kao u
Yinj? submissive, and that the officials had
fled.: .;•¦;: . ¦:.." ¦»¦ . ¦'-':.•¦ ... ¦¦¦: . ;.-.;
Officials Are Submissive.
The annual meeting of the California
Geneologlcal Society was held Saturday
evenlng at Assembly Hall, Mills building,
and the following officers were elected for
the current year: Herbert Folger, presi
dent; Fayette H. Reed, first vice presi
dent; Hon. Horace Davis, second vice
president ; Miss Sarah Louise Klmball, cor
responding secretary: William E-Loy, re
cording secretary: Mrs. Walter D. Mans
field, librarian. ,
Cteneological Society Election.
fThe Chief was escorted to the chair by
Trustee Rainsbury and met with an ova
tion. He said: "This has been the first
time that a police officer has laid his
hands on me, and if in no other way In
the future I will be perfectly satisfied.
Some of. my friends on the newspapers
say that I am trying to run the police
department and the Police Courts, but I
am satisfied to allow the Police Judges to
run their own courts. I have now. been
Chief for about eleven months, and when
I took charge there was more or less ap
prehension in the department as to prob
able changes. That feeling has now dis
appeared, and there is rest and content
among the members, because I have tried
them out and they have,- 1 think, tried me
out. I take It that electing me to this
honored position is an expression of ap
proval of the course I have. pursued, and
that fact makes me appreciate the honor
doubly. I shall assume the duties not In
a perfunctory manner, but will devote all
the time at my disposal to make the as
sociation successful ," and I appeal to the
other officers to assist me to that end. I
again thank you heartily for the honor
done me, and you will not regret it." '
The other officers also delivered brief
addresses and then an excellent . pro
gramme was presented, the retiring vice
president announcing the events and Ser
geant Conboy acting as master of ceremo
nies. The programme Included the follow
ing: Musical selections, Eugene Gorman
violin and David Torres banjo; song, Po
liceman O. H. Harrell; recitation,. Otto
Heyneman; specialties, Kelly and Mar
lowe; quartet— Hunt, Smith, ;Gunn and
Eckenroth Jr. — and song by Mr. Slick, as
sisted by quartet; -song, Sergeant James
Donovan, assisted by his daughter; piano
solo, Miss Ella Cronin; specialties, Po
liceman Thomas Naylor; tenor solo, Po
liceman J. Redmond; specialties. Jack
Holland; violin solo, Miss Kelly, assisted
by her sister; recitation, Secretary Sam
Rankin; humorous selection, William Ca
hlll Da vies. "The Man From Ireland";
tenor solo, Richard Hunt.
"The Man From Ireland" was sent by
John Morrissey of the Orpheum; and he
"brought down the house. '- The quartet
and Mr. Slick were sent byEdHoman, and
their singing of "Old Georgia" was splen
did. Jack Holland was as funny as ever
with his Italian impersonations, and Sam
Rankin ' tickled the audience with the
story of his "breeches." Eugene Gorman,
a son of Sergeant Gorman, played the vio
lin with rare skill and expression, and
Miss Ella Cronin, a daughter of • Officer
Cronin, proved that she Is a pianlste of
ability. The entertainment closed with. a
vote of thanks to those who had : con
tributed to its success. .-¦•• '¦¦'. ,
The association was - organized ', in 1878,
It was a happy Idea that inspired the
retiring officers of the Widows' and Or
phans' Aid Association of the police de
partment to make the installation of the
new officers of more than usual interest,
and the result was seen yesterday after
noon in Judge Mogan's courtroom, at the
Hall of Justice, which was crowded with
members and their friends, including sev
eral ladies, who faced the storm rather
than miss the treat that they expected^
and they were not disappointed.
The new officers were installed by the
retiring vice president, Sergeant John T.
Fitzhenry. in the absence through illness
of the retiring president, ex-Sergeant M.
Lindhelmer. The officers Installed were:
President, Chief W. P. Sullivan Jr.; vice
president. Lieutenant John B. Martin;
treasurer, Sergeant John Duncan; record-
Ing secretary, Corporal Harry Cills (re
elected) ; financial secretary, Sam H. Ran
kin (re-elected); trustees — Sergeant A. A.
Perrln, J. B. Cavanaugh, T. Atchison,
John Rainsbury and Peter Fanning.
Presented in Court of
Judge Mogan.
Excellent Programme Is
POLICE ENJOY
MUSICAL TREAT
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.—Notwithstand
ing the reported revocation of. the instruc
tions given to Prince Ching and Li Hung
Chang to accept the demands agreed upon
by the powers, .Government officials here
are confident that there will be.no delay
in the ¦ signing ' of the agreement by the
Chinese envoy s.. r
Though Li Hung Chang, is ill, his influ
ence is stror"* and it is believed that his
advice favoring formal acceptance of the
terms will be accepted. Shan Chih Tung.
Viceroy of "Wuchung, who is responsible
for the Empress Dowager's change of
mind, is said to be playing a double came.
While ostensibly \ friendly to foreigners
and Christians, ;it, is understood . that he
recently beheaded some thirty Chinese in
terested in the reform movement in China.
It la, further stated that before the ac
ceptance of' the demands of. the. powers
by Prince Chlng and Li Hung Chang they
forwarded a copy , of the/agreement to
Shan Chlh Tung, for his information and
advice and he made* no objectton-to the
instructions given by the Emperor for
the . Chinese ' envoys In . Peking to . accept
them. ,
The Vienna correspondent of the Daily
Chronicle asserts that Russia in her
agreement with China undertakes to de
fend the latter against any attack on her
forts. ¦ '¦ ' ¦
"An ' imperial decree was issued to de
lay the affixing of signatures, . but the
Chinese plenipotentiaries- replied that it
was impossible to recall the assent al
ready given. .
-"China- is now endeavoring to negottate
at St. Petersburg a revision of the Russo-
CMinese Manchurian" agreement."
"Chang Chlh Tung, the Wuchang Vice
roy, wired the Chinese envoys strenuously
urging them to delay the signing of the
note," says Dr. Morrison, wiring to the
Times yesterday from Peking, "until sev
eral clauses had been amended and that
portion of the preamble had been ex
punged which charges the imperial court
with the: responsibility for -the attacks
upon the legations.
"He further urged the imperial person
ages not to return to Peking on the
ground that the joint agreement permits
the powers to maintain 10,000 troops be
tween Peking and the sea. .
•LONDON, Jan. 6.— "The outlines of the
Russo-Chinese agreement regarding Man
churia were settled with L.1 Hung Chans
in December, 1S99," says the Vienna cor
respondent of the Dally Telegraph, "and
prior to that Russia' had concluded
treaties with the Emirs of Bokhara and
Khiva and the Shah of Persia, arranging
for neutrality or for military assistance
in the event of difficulties arising between
Russia and any Asiatic power. In fact,
all the steps toward the practical acqui
sition of Manchuria 'had been carefully
prepared."
"Reports have been received here from
Slnjranfu," says the Shanghai correspond
ent of the Standard, "that General Tang
fun. H slang's .14.000 troops have mutinied
at Ku Yuen Chou, in the province of
Kansu, and that General Feng Tse Tsi's
army has been Bent from the province of
Yunan to suppress the rebellion."
Made Agreement Relative to
Manchuria Over a
Tear A?o.
RUSSIA STOLE A
MARCH ON POWERS
and since then about I1G0.000 has been paid
out in death benefits. It has now C25 mem
bers.
and Louis Llsser, who will speak on
"Art" and "Music" respectively.
REV. E. F. DINSMOBE INSTAT.T.T1D
Second TJnitarlan Church welcomes
Its New Pastor.
Rev. Edward F. Dinsmore was In
stalled last evening as pastor of the
Second Unitarian Church, Twentieth
and Capp streets, in the presence of a
large congregation. The sacred edi
fice was crowded to the doors and the
occasion of the installation was
marked with extreme solemnity. A
carefully prepared musical programme
was rendered by a large choir and the
Interior of the church was decorated
with evergreens.
.After the opening voluntary on the
organ and the singing of a hymn by
the choir. Rev. Charles H. Cook read
the scriptural selections. The Rev.
George Wv; Stone delivered a short
sermon on "The Modern Pulpit" and
the Rev. A. J. Wells offered up the
prayer of installation.
The Rev. F. L.. Hosmer delivered the
charge to the new pastor and a dis
course on the hand of fellowship was
made by the Rev. George R. Dodson.
The Rev. Bradford Leavitt extended
a welcome to the new pastor, sneaking
for the various ministers of the Uni
tarian churches In this city and across
the bay. On behalf of the lay mem
bers Henry N. Clement, president of
the board, extended a welcome
to the pastor. The ceremonies closed
with the benediction b" the newly
installed minister, after which con
gratulations were extended by the
members of the congregation.
first of the series of Sun-
I day evening addresses to be de-
I livered at the First "Unitarian
JJL Church, Geary and Franklin
streets, was presented last
night, the speaker being Presi
dent V. "W. Dohrmann of the Mer
chants* Association. The course of
lectures will be on the general sub
ject of "The Future of Our State and
City," the subject assigned to Mr.
Dohrmann being "Good Government."
Rev. Bradford Leavitt, minister of
the church, at the close of the reg
ular service, briefly Introduced Mr.
Dohrmann, who was listened to with
marked attention by the congregation.
Mr. Dohrmann in opening his ad
dress s=aid that if some of the beau
tiful sentiments pronounced by the
minister during the service had always
been lived up to by mankind it would
not be necessary for any one to come
forward and speak on the subject of
good government.
"I do not speak to you as a scholar
or a philosopher." said Mr. Dohrmann.
"but as a plain business man and citi
zen. I am brought every day into
contact with vital affairs and will try
to tell you of the little happenings of
city government, which, however,
mean so much. I will not speak to
you on the past government of our
country or our State; that task is re
served for others. I will speak to you
on our city government as I have
found It by actual contact. Seven
Next Sunday evening Professor Da
vid Starr Jordan will deliver an ad
dress on* "Education"; on Sunday
evening. January 20. Irving M. Scott
will speak on "Commerce and Trade."
and on Sunday evening, January 27,
the speakers will be Robert Fletcher
"These are but a few instances of
the benefits of the new system, and if
applied In aH directions will mean that
in a short time we will have a surplus
of money for much needed improve
ments. The moral effect will be a
marked one. No longer will honest
men stand aloof from municipal af
fairs.-for they will not be afraid to en
ter the arena. The man of bad char
acter will not be held up as an example
of municipal success, and the rising
generation will respect their teachers
when they realize that the educators
do not owe their positions to a perni
cious system of political reward. As
each citizen makes his home pure and
clean, so he should try to make the
citizens" homes the same. Good citi
zenship means good government. TVe
will not falter in the work, and with
'the assistance of our neighbors we
trust to make San Francisco the most
beautiful, prosperous and joyful city
on the Pacific Coast."
Mr. Dohrmann then traced the birth
of the new charter and explained its
cardinal points, the chief of which
were the right of the city to rule it
self, civil service 'reform, the merit
system and economical government.
He explained the working of the char
ter, how it provided for legislation,
taxation and revenue, took • care of
public works, streets, sewers, lighting,
water supply and transportation and
the adornment of the city. The charter
provided for police and fire protection,
better school facilities, sanitation and
health regulations and the support of
the aged, disabled and poor.
Mr. Dohrmann then explained the
benefits that had accrued to the city
the year in which the charter had
been in force. The men in office were
responsible, the system of administra
tion was economical and the subordi
nates were efficient. No ring existed
in the city government, and the spoils
system was a thing of the past. No
dishonest contracts were made, a ma
terial saving was found in the gas and
water rates and the" people had confi
dence in the municipal government.
The Recorder, who had at first op
posed the merit -system, but now fa
vored it, had in one year effected a
saving of more than $5000 in his office
and i had made it self-sustaining. In
closing, Mr. Dohrmann said:
years ago the -Merchants* Association
tried to remove some of the evils of
our city government. A general Im
pression existed at that time that all
. city governments were bad. One
writer declared that municipal govern
• ment was the greatest failure of the
age. To speak of the conditions as
we found them In our city is to speak
of the condition of all cities of our
size. " I am glad to say,~ however,
that when we Investigated we did not
find everything bad. " "We found a few
good qualities, a few honest men and
some good laws, but all these were In
the minority. -We found an accumula
tion of laws, but as soon as anything
new was wanted, a new law was
passed, In order that some scheme
might be put through. The law,
spirit and system were bad and the ad
ministration was in the hands, of the
spoilsmen. "We found all these con
ditions and we decided that the city
needed new laws and new people in
official life, to give the people the law
as provided by the .constitution- and
honest men to administer it."
Congregation of the First Unitarian Church Listens to the Open
ing Address of a Series Which Is to Be Delivered During
Month on Subject of "The: Future of Our State and" City."
"GOOD GOVERNMENT" IS VERY ABLY
DISCUSSED BY PRESIDENT DOHRM ANN
OF THE MERC HANTS' ASSOCI ATION
THE SAN FRANCISCQiiCALD, MONDAY; JANUARY 7, 1901
REV. E.t F. DINSMORE, NEW
PASTOR OF THE SECOND
UNITARIAN CHURCH.
F. W. DOHRMAKN, WHO LEC
TURED LAST EVENING ON
"GOOD GOVERNMENT."
10
Health Food C<£- - r
reg'ly 30c package
Catalogue
free for a postal
4)3 Pbie 332 Satter eSoo Callfarnk San fVaadsc*
1075 Clay between Eleventh aad Twelfth CukUa*
'Whcatena
GOLDBIBQ. B0WX5 * C0'3 SPECIAL BATCHS SALC
WE ONLY HANDLE THE VERY BEST MAKES OF
LINEN GOODS.
Good Yalue for $5.00.
4 Cases 24-INCH CHECKED GLASS LINEN, assorted pat-
terns and colors. These Linens were hought from
William Llddell & Co,, Ireland .Price 15c Yard
Regular value 20c.
50 IRISH DAMASK TABLE LINEN SETS, one Cloth, 2\
Bards long and 2 uards wide, with one dozen Nap-
kins 22 Inches sguare Price S4.00 Set
75 IRISH DAMASK TABLE LINEN SETS, one Cloth, 3
yards long and 2 yards wide, with one dozen Nap-
kins 24 Inches sauare Price S6.OO Set
285 Dozen BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK NAPKINS, 25 and
26 Inches scruare, vePB handsome designs. This lot
of Napkins are from German, Irish and Scotch
.makers ..Price S3.50 Dozen
I Good value for S5.00.
300 Dozen HEMMED AND HEMSTITCHED HAND-LOOM
HUCK TOWELS, size 22x40 Inches. These Towels are
from the Hlllshorough Linen Co,, Belfast, Ireland..
Price $3.50 Dozen
J
On MONDAY, Januarg 7tn, will commence our SEMI-
ANNUAL SALE OF HOUSEKEEPING LINENS. We will
offer at this time large Quantities of the verg hest makes
Of IRISH, GERMAN AND SCOTCH LINEN GOODS at much
lower prices than same goods can he Imported, for at the
present time.
W LJ Hal Z\ i
.Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Drucclsts, &0c ft^aslc. Richards & Co..* 406 Clay. •
• DR. GRGSSV WS SPECIFIC MIXTURE
. or the cure of GOMORRHOEA- GLEETS.
STRICTURES and anal >gou» complaints of tn*
Organs of Qeneratlon.
Frtc« SI a bottle. For sala by druExtstfe
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAM1AXA BITTERS, THB
great Mexican remedy; Rives health and
strtr-rth to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
ffl^ • 'SjncorTprated VmoH SqSaqzAvc
Dr. H. W. : Hunsaker has removed his offices
to Parrott (Emporium) bldgr.. rooms S15 and 518,
Eth floor." Elevator' at west entrance, 83o Market.*
**| a rj" r\ f\\f I I Corner FoortH aiut
PifF RflY&l -'^¦'bsj
UHrL IIUIHL £;**S.. > X£TS
valises checkad £r««
DR.P1ERCES
G€BE.i>ErW
MEDICAL.
iajfi!SC©VERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD.liYER.LUNGS.
J^tCSSSBEtk&n ¦ ' "'^ **'»•> non-r>ol*o-af>Trt
2 - 3^-^^ rsm«lJ for Gonorrhf«a-
Oleet, Spermatorrhoea,
pCSSy ia i«o5d»j».T3 White*, unnatural dti-
Sef£jf . OairanttcJ chargi . or any inflacama-
t?S5jf not ta itrtetar*. tion, i riuktioa or nlcer»-
P ¦ "j|t*T-reau ccptmtioQ. tion ,t mncoai neav*'
gaVtrHEEuNS Ch-M'SuCj. branei. Koa-istrlnganc
C.B.A. .S&tfH 01 " «' nt ln Pli'n "rapp-Tv
fi 00 ' or 3 bottle*. tf-T3.
*^*tg2)££S**V H CL »lAr icnt on raqoMt.
IA/. T. HESS,
XOTAET PCBLU ANJ ATTOaHSr-Ar-SAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Clans Spr«c*«l* Bid*.
„ .i Telephone Brown Ml.
Reatdencs. 821 California St.. below Powell.
Ban Francisco.
> —
0*k flini /fi\ LaSIn & Rand Waterproof
H •>¦ 'faBlL B Smokeles- Powder, ta bc'.k
Rule St3 Xk- ar - d loaded ln shells. Bond
Ha?fi8\3»» i0T catftlf>(pi<» or sportln-;
|jyi]S SLB -;ood-. GEO. W. SHRE\*E,
733 Market street.
(1 fl
P. ICOSCOC McNUIiTY. 31. D.
26 y 3 Krnrny >>r., Man rranciwo, Cs.1
DR.MCNULTY.
H^HIS WELL-KXOW^ AND RELIABLE OLD
.L Specialist c«rf* Blood Pofson,Gonorrhcta,Ol«eC,
Stricture, Hrmlnal Weaknea-i. Impot4>nc<< and their
allied Dlrardera. rtook on Di»ea*.i»*) of Men. fre«.
OverMyeQrs'experlcnc»».Termn reasonable. Hoars,
9to3dally;6:Mto 8. SOev'g;)!. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul*
la tlon free and sacredly conflden daX. Can or address
OPOKwil
Eyeglass
1>xum> raplaeed far CO cents.
Any Astlrm&tlo Iciwas duplicated for SI.OO
and 91^O.
Gnantnte«d eorreet and b«st quality.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory cm
premises. Quick repairing. Phono. Mala 13.
OPTICIANS^^AP^"™"^
642 Market 5t. instruments
UNDtR CMROWClt EU1LOIN6. CATALCGUI FlRJt.
Out of 40,000 vessels entering Chinese
ports every year 20,000 are British.
Try a Bottle of EVANS' AXE
Just to see what has made It the leading brand
all over the country'. There Is STOUT, too. •
Ferri*— o.
reg'ly 20c lb *¦ O 2 C
R 1 e s.l in g '/
Rich— pleasant— /; „ _
reg'ly $1 gallon O5C
Lentils
German — n •• _,
reg'ly 12JC lb 3 lbs -> c
Shoe polish
Acme — for everybody's T o i n ,
.shoes— reg'ly 15c bottle L z x^
"G h e r r i e s
( in Marasquin ) -
reg'ly 65c (L n
quart bottle : UUL.
Figs
Imported— j r_,
reg'ly 20c lb J v.
D e n t if rice
Vet'O-lay — ':-' _
reg'ly 35c jar 2 jars 5 5 C
Talcum powder
Lady JeaiCiictie .
3tins*45 C -
$235 dozen o _
quarts 2 IO
Jam s : — j e 11 i e s
2 lb can— T -
reg'ly 20c O
Maple syrup
Hazen — a
reg'ly 65c \ gallon OOC
Buckwheat
Eastern — . £~~
reg'ly 75c 10 lbs . OOC
Rye whiskey
10 years old — «* x _. -
reg* ly quart $1 40— P 1 I 5
reg'ly gallon $5 ¦ /i"
B a c on
reg'ly 20c bottle L J) *-
Bouillon
Capsules — celery flavor — o ec
reg ly 30c box -* J
Beer
Everard— pints <£ x „ -
rcp'Jy $1 55 and 'P 1 35
Coffee
Crescent blend — o -. „
reg'ly 25c lb . 2OC
F ruit s
Full assortment — heavy rnr
syrup— reg'ly 20c can 3 for j ut *
C a t s ,u p
GOLDBERG
BQWEN
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Your Faith to
That Serge
It's unfadable; we'll guarantee it; we'll
stand bach of it. The
Is a dressy fabric, ma^e in the single-breasted
mtfi, with broad military shoulders, which is the
vogue at present, and tailored in a faultless fash-
ion; dressy at all times; pretty at all times, and
will Iwld its color for all times. Sun or rain
does not affect the
G0LDBEE1. B0WEN k GO'S SPECIAL 8AVIN0 BALS
APyj*! \*rpt^re^K t.tj't?^
/**$¦§£ U^«=ADEA&UC
' / III, 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET."
i^%-^M^jJ 11 S a id uric
iS^^^^ Which We Own
fe^ Blue on/ i r a«+^i
\l-^iTf Drr control . . .
// S^^"" There's no serge at
*^&£ ; double the price any bet-
ter than it; it has no
U i£ I \ ties; it has no peer for
H ;; f^- \ dressiness in the single
}jm \ : j \ or double breasted sach.
M$ \ « ' ij \ Either style in our
\$%U3 : '"~ \ Men's suilroom .at
I )m I -| Of course you must |
I M I i o'clock erery even=
L «[ I tog, as we close at j;
SALE of ODDS AND ENDS of |
LACES and £
EMBROIDERIES f
This season's accumulation of #3,
choice : and desirable patterns— ?j}
V Bome are short lengths of 3 • to 7 .'
I yards^—others are much longer. fc
B We hove marked them down j£
S to about ONE-HALF ths reftu- ;d'
I lar orice. rf
W WB MENTION ONLT A FEW k
d -WE HAVE HUNDREDS OF ;;
«• OTHERS: , lif
X LOtl. j g
"i . 150 yds. of _ T,...^. «««,«(«¦ i |i
f, -lgns of tou- R^i'kwibVsS g
4. CHON LACK m '.J* *$,}]>¦ >> V'S1*« fc-
,<• — reKular price ¦&• '-if,$Jf. l ViLTtjr>t 9 r^
j 10(j yd. -a a 1 e l^';>^%'vt W '§
it Inch VALKN- R*\viJ>S; 1 VJ/i> *M I'-
.>; CIE N N E S Wkl-fc V%>lS I
1 LACK In dlf- fflr&WpW'Sfft *
I terent designs Bg>\Vt''ff^M $
j.' -regular price tBBfi'.t/ Y:W%*r'fti '*
, tale price 1 " r J
I ¦ Sc - ¦ "¦ ¦ : \
r» Lot 3.- ,f
il 90 yfla. of BOW DUCHESS i, 1
I? LACE, 3 Inches wide — regular 1
? price 20c yd.— sale price.. |Qc I
a- "¦¦¦"¦ "Cot'+r mm
S 600 yds. EMBROIDERY, open I,
li work, 1 to 2 Inches wide— Pir* 1
I , regular price 10c— «ale price. UV .,|
93 u.ot**z. : .' M
4 820 yds. OPENWORK EM- &
$ BROIDERY, 2 to 4 Inches wide— I,
! regular 15c and 20c yd.— lfir> \
¦ sale price... 1VW r,
J . ; ' "« ot <5. : ¦/!
i 199 yds. of WIDE OPENWORK ;
S- EMBROIDERY, different patterns ,
i —some are worth 25c |Oi r !
J yd.— sale price.......... 1 ' A2^ |
I ¦ ¦ . •__;¦•' ' ¦...¦•'- Remnants, , |
'*S ' ¦'• ¦ M8P*§sf^&'£&j4 ' EMBROI-
n t - W2%t& # ''U ?!*$% D.ERIE9
T* !«SsS*«^"f'Si*iv*^ B O N S . si
J IS^Sfi".'! >««• ',*"« worth as jl
¦X . ' .nothing. ¦ jj\
'•*.-¦ ¦ ' .¦ ' ;¦* ;*\ ': . , i. ' . .' ¦ ' ¦:-.
% . " you ¦: prs : looklnjl fo^ jjocd
>. unnps attend thip Kale.
MARKET ST.. £
If 1 . Between ' Taylor and Jones. |'
•71 -Mail Ordeni Received.
'«' ' -' " ¦¦¦' ""¦ ' ' ' ¦¦"' ' '-«
AJ5VEBTTSEMENTS.