The news was received with the greatest sorrow at Balmoral, Windsor -and ; Eton, where
Queen Victoria was regarded in a specially personal manner by the inhabitants. ..
Princess Beatrice telegraphed the tidings to former Empress Eugenie at Farnsborough.
[• An incident characteristic of the Queen's solicitude for others occurred two; days ago,
when, in one of the intervals of consciousness, she summoned strength to suggest to her dressers
'who had been acting as nurses to take the opportunity of getting some fresh air. Monday she
asked that her little Pomeranian spaniel be brought*to her bedroom.
It was thought that the Queen was dying about 9 in the morning, arid carriages were
sent to Osborne Cottage and the rectory to bring all the Princes and Princesses and the Bishop
of Winchester to her bedside. It seemed then very near the end, but when things looked the
worst the Queen had one of the rallies due to her wonderful constitution, opened her eyes and rec
ognized the Prince of Wales, the Princesses and Emperor William. She asked to see one of her
faithful servants, a member of the household. He hastened to the room, but before he got there
the Queen had passed into a fitful sleep.
Four o'clock marked the beginning of the end. Again the family were summoned, and this
time the relapse was not followed by recovery.
The Prince of Wales was very much affected when the doctors at last informed him that
his mother had breathed her last. Emperor William, himself deeply affected, did his best to min
ister comfort to his sorrow-stricken uncle, whose new dignity he was the first to. acknowledge.
From all parts of the world there are still pouring into Cowes messages of condolence. They
come from crowned heads, millionaires, tradesmen and paupers, and are variously addressed to the
Prince of Wales and the King of England.
Emperor William's arrangements are not settled. His yacht will arrive here to-day (Wed
nesday), but it is believed that he will not depart until after the funeral. Several other royal per
sonages are likely to be present at the function. •
The record of the last days of the reign of Victoria is not easy to tell. Forseveral weeks the
Queen had been failing. On Monday week she summoned Lord Roberts and ; asked him some
very searching questions regarding, the war in South Africa. . OnTuesday she went for,a drive, but
was visibly affected. On Wednesday she suffered a paralytic stroke, accompanied by intense phy
sical weakness. It was her first illness in all her eighty-one years and she would, not admit it.
Then her condition grew so serious that, against her. wishes, the family were summoned. When
they arrived her reason had practically succumbed to paralysis and weakness. \
The events of the last days, described in the bulletins, are too fresh to neetl repetition. At
the lodge gates the watchers waited nervously.. Suddenly along the drive from the house came a
horseman who <yied "The Queen is dead" as he dashed through the crowds..
Then down the hillside rushed a myriad of messengers, passing the fateful bulletin from
one to another. Soon the surrounding country knew that a King ruled over Great Britain. The
local inhabitants walked as if in a dream through the streets of Cowes, but they , did not hesitate
4o stop to drink the health of the new monarch. :, • , VV'-V. -IU
The end of this career, never equaled by any woman 'in the world's history, came in
a simply furnished room in Osborne House. This most respected of women, living or dead, lay in
a great four-posted bed and made a shrunken atom whose aged face and figure were a cruel
mockery of the fair girl who in 1837 began to rule over England.
Around her were gathered almost every descendant of her line. Well within view of her
dying eyes there hung a portrait of the Prince Consort. It was he who designed the room and
every part of the castle. In scarcely audible words the white-haired Bishop, of Winchester prayed
beside her as he had often prayed with his sovereign, for he was her, chaplain at Windsor. With
bowed heads the imperious ruler of the German empire and the man who is now King of Eng
land, the woman who has succeeded to the title of Queen, the Princes and Princesses and those of
less than royal designation, listened to the Bishop's prayer. ..
Six o'clock passed. The Bishop continued his intercession. One of the younger children
asked a question in shrill, childish treble and was immediately silenced. The women "of this royal '
family sobbed faintly and the men shuffled uneasily.
At exactly half-past 6 Sir James Reid held up his head and the people ¦• then knew that.
England had lost her Queen. The Bishop pronounced the benediction.
The Queen passed away quite peacefully. She suffered no pain. Those who '^vere now
mourning went to their rooms. A few minutes later the inevitable element, of materialism stepped
into this pathetic chapter of international history, for the court ladies went busily to work order
ing their mourning from London. .
The wheels cf the world were jarred when the announcement came, but in this palace at
Osborne everything pursued the usual course. Down in the kitchen they were cooking a huge din- .
ner for. an assemblage the like of which has, seldom been-r-knownanEnglaiid.andtlladitinerprep-*:
arations proceeded just as if nothing had occurred. >\'-~
' The body of Queen Victoria was embalmed and probably will be taken to Windsor on Sat
urday. The coffin arrived last evening from London.
COWES, Isle of Wight, Jan. 23.— Queen Victoria is dead; and Edward VII reigns. . v
The greatest event in the memory of this generation, the most stupendous change
in existing conditions that could possibly* be imagined, took place quietly, almost
gently, upon the eve of the anniversary of the death of the Queen's father, the Duke of
Peacemlly and Without rain the Kdyal In
valid at Osborne Relinquishes Her
O f J T T T -I
rlola Upon Laic.
VICTORIA'S REIGN ENDS
AND EDWARD VII IS KING
rial, formula: "The Queen Is dead. Lons
v<» the Kins-'* ¦ ¦> ¦ .
Victoria's Jast words were: "My son."
It was a most dramatic scene there' In
the death chamber. The aged Queen,
roused into momentary consciousness,
realized death was at • hand. She recog
nized the German Emperor and the Prince
of Wales and sevAal others of Jier weep
ing family.. .Those who were nearest her
heard a whispered good-by and a fond
reference." to -her eldest son.
- As the . breathing of the Queen died
away and the end came— when it became
certain" death" had taken "her to himself —
the - officials in the bedchamber turned
from the bedside to the Prince and sol
emnly declared the words of the Immemo-
/ . »_
COWES, " Jan. 23 (special cablegram to
the New York j Evening Journal).— Queen
LAST 'WORDS
1 OF THE QUEEN
~-~' , • • :- '
of the nlKhtly* nRfcltues were in evidence.
The. St. James,- Prince's and other prom
inent-restaurants, have- already discarded
alluring colors for somber black. .
Americans who" have passed through
great national calamities may remember
ihe-crape-covered buTTdlng." but" they" can
111 conceive since the death of Lincoln any
such of gloom' as Mas already
fallen upon " the*"Unite'd " Kingdom. "Mar 1
borough House, so long the home of the
new monarch ; -Buckingham Palace, where
Queen Victoria made her last stay in Lon
don, "and ' St. James Palace! the residence
of; so many- former monarchs. were all
black and deserted. Sentries in black over
coat Si kept .silent; vl&ll before the- closed
gates i and bolted dpors. . The population
therefore : slowly .'dispersed- as- the njgljt
wore on. - Shortly, before: midnight an of
ficial announcement .-was , issued calling
Parliament. ,to .meet:- at 4 o'clock. this
(Wednesday) afternoon to enable members
of the House of Lords and House of Com
mons • to , take the ' oath ' of allegiance to
King Edward VII. : ¦';, .. • - : • ,
Telegrams. pouring, in from all parts of
the.'Continent.re-echo,..the deen feeling of
sorrow .pervading a!l .classes. These ¦ show
that everywhere bells have been tolled
and publlcperformances' v an'd prirale func
tions suspended. -.. ¦> ; *
In Dublin the expressions of regret. were
universal,: The bells of St; Patrick's Cath
edral were tolled.' Earl Cadogan, the Lora
Lieutenant, was absent from Dublin yes
terday, but it- Is expected he will. -return
immediately to preside at a., meeting of
the, 'Irish Prlty Council to proclaim the
new King. * . ' ! .
The. Privy, Council will, meet In London
to-day; and the proclamation of the King
will occur thereafter at all places required
by custom.* The" King "win come to Lon
don to preside over the council.
Parliament Is Summoned to Enable Mem
bers to Take the Oath of Allegiance
to King Edward.
-jyr ONDON, -Jaiv.^23. 1:01 a., m.—
ra Absolute .slleitce -reigned' to--.
m night in the vicinity of Buck-
J3 . Ingham' Palace and Marlbor
; H '-. ough .'Hctisc. A small •¦ bill,
'J/Lm^^ signed "Balfour." was posted
- --! outside* announcing — the*"de-~
mlse , of -the* Queen. -Every
where to-night the 'topic of^ conversation
was what would happen under the' new
reign. 'Much interest is evinced in what
way the enormous fortune of the Queen
will be distributed, the general notion be
ing'that" OSborne" House would- 'go' .to
Princess Beatrice. and that she and Prince
Christian would come Into a considerable
portion of Victoria's wealth. - . -. ;;
' The probability that King Edward will
take up a practically permanent residence
in Buckingham Palace .-was fl much can
vassed. This Is a question that comes very
close home to Londoners: J Queen Victo
ria's preference for Balmoral Castle and
Osborne -House has been, a" complaint ot
long standing In the metropolis, andjt is
hoped 'that .the new- reign will see a
change in this respect. The presence of
the court in London would give a.bright
ness . and *jjayety which have long ¦ been
absent. ¦¦...'.- ;¦. . : . ; - , .. *,':¦¦
I Not until Queen -Victoria has been laid
to rest; beside. the Prince Consort at Frog
more :wlU the^theaters or music halls.re
open. \ : . Moreover, business will come to a
practical standjttlll. '.? The music in all the
halls and, public places has ceased. Fash
ionable resorts, were 'empty, and .very few
, . •¦ ; IfONDON," Jan. 23.-^-The /coronation of 'the' Xing, who /will'' assume the title of Edward VU, will
not take place for six months, thougIi / hewiU taks the bath; to-morrow. The following semi-official an
nouncement has been mad^in the Westminster Gazette: i .' , ! / '.». • •'.
¦ "We understand that the privy counciJ, at which th'e^K^ig.will kakethe oath of accession, will not
be held at Osborne^ but at London, and that his Majesty will -start at once for tie capital." : : - t : .V
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 34.
SAN FRAiieisCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY "S!3, 1901;
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THES LATE QUEEN (VICTORIA;
The San Francisco CallMarriage of the Prince.
On March 10, 1SC3, whe/i In his twenty
cecond year, he was married to Princess
Alexandra, eldest daughter of King
Christian IX of Denmark, a sister of
Princess Marie Dagmar, . married In ; : 1S66
to Czar. Nicholas H,-by*whbm he has had
five children, • one of whom, the eldest,
Albert ' Victor, Duke of Clarence, born
January 8, 1864. died January 14, 1S92.
The living children are: George,' Duke
of York, born June 3. 1S65; Louise, Duch
ess of Fife, born February 20, 1867: .Victo
ria, born July 6, 186S; Maud, born Novem
ber 26.- 1869.
. In May. 1891, the Prince became a grand
father by the birth of a~ daughter. Alex
andra Victoria, to the Princess Louise
who had married the Duke of Fife, July
27) XEcv*
George, Dake of York, who now sue-
died and left the throne to his
half-sister, Mary, who was succeeded. at
her death five years later by her half-sis
ter Elizabeth, the virgin Queen. With her,
after a reign of forty-four years, the Tu
dor line failed, to be followed by the
Stuarts for one hundred and eleven years,
and then, in 1714, by the House of Hano
ver, to which the present monarch be
longs. '. -
Jlis boyhood education ' and training
w%s intrusted to the Rev. Henry M.
Birch, rector of Prestwich; Mr. Gibbs,
barrister-at-law; the Rev. f C. F. Tarvee
and H. W. Fisher. Later he attended for
one session at Edinburgh and then en
tered Christchurch College, Oxford Uni
versity. After a year of attendance on
the "public lectures at that famous insti
tution he went to Cambridge for the same
purpose and remained three or four terms.
and successor of Henry VIII,
PRINCE OF WALES yesterday,
King of Great Britain and Ire
land and Emperor of India, as
Edward VII 'to-day. He is the
first of the name since 1553,
when Edward VI, the only son
After Inaugurating Victoria" Bridge. at
Montreal and laying the corner stone of
the new Parliament building? at 'Ottawa
ho visited Toronto and Niagara, at which
latter place • he saw; the celebrated 'Blon
4ln: perform on his tight* rope -over 'the
falls, and by which he 'was? much. Im
pressed.' ' ;.".. ; ' ¦ •: '¦:]'¦: V-\. ¦"¦'.-."".¦'¦. •. s.
On Tuesday the third' week -'he 'crossed
over from Windsor, Canada, ., to; Detroit,
Michigan, dropping h!§ title of i Prince on
the way and landing on United States soil
as ¦ Baron ',. Renfrew. $ which ~ Incognito i he
held during all" his stay with t us. ' . ,- :,
thousand people .witnessed, .the
Both before and after his marriage the
Prince of Wales traveled extensively," both
at home and abroad. His first visit abroad
was in his 'nineteenth year, to America,
where he spent three months, making the
rounds of the principal cities of Canada
and the United States.- He crossed - the
Atlantic In H. M. 8. Hero, and landed at
Halifax July 30. -1860, with the! Duke i of
Newcastle . and Major General ¦*¦' Bruce.
Near ' where ¦ he ' landed - his grandfather,
Duke of Kent, , had his :." headquarters
when he commanded the British troops in
North 'America some decades before. £ He
spent the early and middle part of August
in 'the eastern" part of Canada, and ar
rived at Montreal August 23, where he
was received with the greatest enthusi
asm. ¦ . -. ' ; ' : ' * ; ¦ • '• '.¦¦ r -. ,';¦•
Princess Maud, the . youngest -daughter
of the King, was married July 22, 1806,
to Prince Karl of .Denmark.
Albert Edward's Travels. :
ceeds to the • position of ¦ heir • apparent
which his father held so many years, was
married on July 6, 1893, to hls^ cousin. Prin
cess Victoria Mary, daughter of the Duke
cf.Teck. They have insured the succes
sion to their branch of the family- for a
time :n the persons pf three sons and one
daughter. EdwariT Albert, born Jifne 23,
1894; Albert Frederick Arthur, ' burn De
cember 14, 1855; Victoria, born. April 25,
1897; Henry, born May, 1899. .¦•
At the usual dinner of the Hilary term
of Gray's Inn the master teacher said:
"Amid great sorrow we must follow the
practice of the copslitution and recite
'God Save the Klnc* " The chapel ball
tolled eighty-two times and the benchers
drank the health of the King.
. At a late hour this evening It. was not
known whether the King would return to
London before morning, fibt it was ex
pected he would hold a privy council at
St. James Palace early to-morrow
(Wednesday) morninjp
Some hundredg of people stood In front
of the cathedral around the spot ..where
Queen Victoria prayed on tne sixtieth an
niversary of her accession to the throne
The shops closed us soon as the bells
began to toll and the blinds of the Maa
tslon House were drawn as soon as ihe
message from the Prince of "Wales was
received by the Lord Mayor. The b&l
rung In St. Paul's Cathedral was the gift
of William III and la used -only on the
occasion of the death of royal personages.
Archbishops of Canterbury, Lord Mayors
of London and Bishops of London. Tho
tolling continued for two hours to-day at
Intervals of a minute and could be heard
for miles in the direction of the wind.
LONDON, Jan. 22.— Thi$ k evening there
uere -few visible signr in London that
anyth!ng < *inuBuai;.had*iappened. A driz
zling rain kept most people wtthi» doors.
Those who were turned away from the
aters or music halls wandered along tho
streets of the West End without ppec'al
object. Xo large crowds gathered any
where.
Gloom Settles* Upon England's Capi
tal Upon Receipt of ' the • '
• News From Osborne
SHOPS CLOSE
AS BELL TOLLS
LIFE RECORD OF THE MAN WHO SUCCEEDS TO THE THRONE
MADE VACANT BY THE PASSING AWAY OF QUEEN VICTORIA
cuining or me great granason oi v^eorge
III, and forgetting all the" animosities of
1776 and 1812, welcomed ¦ him. •- with th«
greatest cordiality and 'enthusiasm, ' which
In fact, marked his whole \tour - through
the country. ' From Detroit j he proceeded
to Chicago, St. Louis, "Pittsburg, Harris
burg, Baltimore and Washington, where
he arrived October. 3.' '. .-'.
The next day he was entertained at a
diplomatic dinner at the White House by
President Buchanan and on the 5th paid
a visit to the tomb of Washington at
Mount . Vernori, . at . the side of which he
planted a young chestnut tree.
Leaving Washington October 8, -he went
by way of Baltimore to 'Philadelphia,
where he visited the places of Revolution
ary interest. Thence he went on to New
York,. where he arrived; on the 11th,- and
took up his quarters at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel. Great, preparations '.' had :been
made to receive and entertain him. J The
British resident* wanted to capture . and
monopolize^ him, but 'the young; Prince
would have none of it.
On the 12th- he attended»a grand ball at
the Academy, of , Music and danced every
dance.but one, during which ;he had. a
i very/agreeable partner at supper. : Leav
ing New York he visited iWest . Point and
BcBton, where" he 'remained : two>days.
Leaving there ' on < the 17th, , he went to
Portland.^ Me. r. and. embarking on the 20th
on % the Hero j set i sail : f or I home, j accom
; panled by,a squadron of war vessels.
h Visits -\ the Cfentinent.^ -V -^
;i In? 1862, C the' Prince" made his first .visit
to the ; Continent;- traveling * through Ger
many,-' Italy i and SyriaMo Jerusalem; In
1863 he visited Denmark, r Sweden" and Rus
sia, r. - In ; 1860 he I paid • a visit \ to
Egypt ; to; inspect , the ¦ Suez ; Canal. : In • 1S7S
Parliament set apart £100,000 to defray the
expense.pf. his -vlsltlrisr India. 1 • ..
. HeT left Dover, on : October 11 and landed
at\Cairo ' on'" the * 25th;:Jand "Invested? Mo
hammed .Tewflk,' son of the Khedive.vwith
the 'Order of the ; Star." of i India. ; ; He ' ar-
Uved-aUBombay- irr< November, and then
proceeded to ueyion and Calcutta.. Alter
visiting all the principal cities of, the em
pire," the Prince arrived in London in. May,
1S76. "He brought home with him about
500 animals, and these he presented to the
Zoological Gardens.
, He- attended the Paris expositions in
1878 and 18S9, to the .latter being accom
panied by his two sons. In*lSS3 he went
with the Princess, to Berlin to attend the
silver wedding of. his sister, the Princess
Royal, and the Crown Prince of Germany,
and later paid many visits to Berlin, Co
penhagen and Belgium to see his various
relatives. In April, 1894, he 'went to Co
burg v.ith his wife to attend^ the wed
ding of the Princess Melita and in July
to St. : Petersburg to attend the ¦wedding
of the Czar's daughter. In .November.
1S94, ,he' hastened, to St., Petersburg ; with
his son, the Duke of York, to attend the,
obsequies of Alexander, UI. -'.'...
Grand Master of Free Masons.
In 1674 he was made grand master of the
Freemasons of. England In succession to
the Marquis ' of . Ripon and Installed In of
fice at' a lodge. held at Albert Hall, Lon
don, in 1S75. ':¦- In May,.lS75, at Freemasons'
Hall, London, he was installed as first
principal \ of .the/ Royal ; Arch r Masons of
Great Britain. .-In 1870<he Inaugurated the
Thames j embankment, I which runs along
one side of ; the river .from "Westminster
Bridge; to the limits' of the, old' city of
London'r"ilnce which time he has.offlciated
on numberless occasions at .the laying of
cornerstones ; and j inaugurations .of public
events and enterprises In Great Britain.
>: He ; has . . represented the Queen when
she was - unable ; to \ be • present at V many
public ¦;• ceremonies, V both ;¦ -at home and
abroad, and as her, representative was the
principal >; figure" lii j, connection with the
naval . review on the occasion of the. great
diamond -jubilee in ;'1897. ¦' After making
the circuit of the lines, of warships he
held?- a reception' on : ; board the royal
yacht. : Albert • and Victoria, to which all
the foreign ' officers . taking part in the re
view,, as well as. the English admirals and
captains, were invited. 1 On this ; occasion
ne captured every jack Tar in tne tsntisn
navy by having the admiral, Sir Nowell
Salmon, commancJer-ln-ehlef. signal an or
der for the "malnbrace to be spliced."
Fond of Outdoor Life. '
, Since 1S07 the Prince has represented his
mother on every important occasion. His
Royal Highness has always oeen fond of
outdoor life and every kind of athletic
sport?, yachting being one of his favorite
pastimes, and In S33 and 1S94 his yacht
Britannia, taking part In the races of the
Royal Yacht Club off the Isle of Wight,
carried off the prize. He has also been
devoted to horseracing and maintains
fine stable*. In lSDS'his horse Persimmon
won the Derby and several other races
and In 1500 Diamond Jubllle won the Blue
Ribbon, and three other races with rich
stakes.
His Royal Highness, as eldest son of the
sovereign, in addition to being Duke of
Cornwall, was Prince of Saxe-Coburg-
Gotha, Duke of Saxony, Duke of Rothsay,
Earl of Garrlck, Earl of\Dublin. Baron of
Renfrew (under which title he traveled
through the. United States in 18C0). Lord
of the Isles and High Steward of Scot
land. He la also the patron of twenty-six
livings, mostly In his duchy of CornwaU.
On the occasion of his marriage he was
granted an Income of £10,000 per annum,
which with his. other revenues made an
aggregate of £100.000 per year,' which,
however, has not been more than sufficient'
to keep up the enormous expenses entailed
by the position he has filled. On- that oc
casion he relinquished his right to the suc
cession to the throne m of ¦ Sajce-Coburg-
Gotha In favor of his younger brother*
by a formal act.
The Prince has suffered the loss of two
of his children, his eldest son, the Du£e
of: Clarence, died on January 14. 1392. a -»
mentioned above, and his baby son, Alex
ander, who died at Its birth in 1371.
9 Ripe in experienc&and knowledge of his
people, thoroughly in touch with the:-i
beloved and respected by v all over the
vast empire, Albert Edward should have
as glorious and useful if not as long a
r&ien as his noble and lamented mother.
. Formal notice of the Queen's death was
communicated by Lord Pauncefote to the
President through Secretary Hay this
afternoon. It contains the simple an
nouncement of the fact of death as sent
to the Embassador by Lord Lansdowne,
the British Secretary of State for Foreign
Affairs.
Lord Pauncefote had expected that the
end ctfuld not be long deferred and had
been prepared for the sad intelligence
that the Queen was no more; but It came
lo Ifim almost as a personal affliction, for
It was only a few months ago that he
was the guest of the Queen at Osborne,
When he received from her hands his ele
vation to the peerage. Aside from this
the Queen had frequently shown most
gracious consideration to the Embassador
and Lady Pauncefote. Inviting them to
Windsor and to Osborne for visits which
were something more than brief official
exchanges. On the last occasion when
Lord Pauncrfote saw the Queen she was
in excellent health, considering her years.
and her mental faculties were keen and
observant.
Cho&te. London: You will express to Lord
Laasdor.ne the profound sorrow of the Gov
ernment and people of the United States at
the death of the Queen and the deep sympathy
we ferl with the people of the British empire
In their great affliction. JOHN HAV.
His Majesty, the King. Osborne House. Isle
•¦if WiKltt: I have received with profound Bor
row the :atr.ciitji.ile tidinffs of the death of her
Majesty, tJ.<? Queen. Allow me, 6ir, to offer
my f!nreri> t-yrrtathy and that of the American
people in you;- personal bereavement and in the
loss i:r.i!a;i ; !.r.r- suffered in the death of its
ver.frat»le and Illustrious sovereign, who«e
noble life and beneficent influence have pro
moted the peace and won the affection of th»
world. WILLIAM HcKIXLEY.
Secretary Hay cabled the following mes
sage to Embassador Choate at London:
President McKinley's message of con
dolence to King Edward VII, sent as soon
as news of the Queen'a death was re
ceived, was as follows:
¦ Telegram sent from Washington, January 2?,""
Nothing r.ow remains to be'done by the
I'nited States Government except to send
by mail the formal expressions of regret
which are prescribed by international
etiquette.
«THT "^y *"y ASHINGTON. Jan. 22.
j|k / * our days of anxiety
\& /«& / ad ' n a lar K« rncas-
X*a/ tm prepared official
Washington, for! the
* V nrws which was
flashed across the
cable this afternoon
of thp death of the Queen of England; so
it'happrned that al> things that could bo
deremly done in anticipation of the sail
f-nd ha<1 h~en disposed o f and all was In
readiness for tM<» <x«»rutlon of the formal
ftirs which are 'ndispensable to such
events. While the Cabinet was in session
during the noon hour the President and
hip advisors were In receipt from time to
time of all the news which came, from
Osbome House, po when the end came
later in the afternoon It found appropriate
messajrrp of condolence framed and even
order™ ready for execution looking to the
half-masting of the flags over the execu
tive departments ami the carrying out of
the usual formalities. The half-masting
of the national ensign , was an unusual
tribute to the memory of the deceased
sovereign. It Is said this has been done
rarely upon the occasion of the funeral
<if some great world's ruler, but never
before in the case of the death of a
monarch.
The actual dispatch of the messages
from the President to the new" King and
from Secretary Hay to Embassador
Ohoate was delayed only long: enough to
receive the physicians' statement an
nouncing the demise of the Queen and
th'-n thf y were pent forward at once and
copies wero given to the press. The Brit
ish embassy also received the press news
as of full worth and the royal standard
flyinp over the embassy building was per
haps the first in Washington to sink
slowly half way down the tall staff, giv
ing notice to official Washington of the
sad event. The rapidity with which the
news spread was remarkable and within
a short half hour the members of the dip
lomatic body here began to appear at
the British embassy, bearing cards of con
dolence. Another unusual mark of the
liiph appreciation of the worth of the de
ceased Queen was the action taken by
the House of Representatives In adjourn
ing as a mark of respect to her memory.
Official Washington's
Unusual Display
of Grief,
Cables Condolences to
Great Britain's
New King*
McKINLEY
EXPRESSES
SORROW
PASSING OF GREAT BRITAIN'S AGED QUEEN
SYMPATHY
SHOWN IN
THIS CITY
Hags at Half-Mast
on All Public
Buildings.
Semi - State FuneraT
Service Will Be
Held Here.
THE news of the death of Queen
Victoria was received in San
Francisco yesterday with
widespread expressions of
deepest regret, all classes and
nationalities joining In the
sympathy called forth by
' the passing of Britain's
great sovereign. The first Intima
tion conveyed to the public was
when the American flag was placed
at half-mast on the flag pole sur
mounting the lofty dome of the Claua
Spreckels tfuilding and the posting of the
death bulletin in the business office of Tha
Call.
Within a few minutes the word was
passed that Queen Victoria was dead and
crowds congregated around the newspa
per offices, eager to learn the details of
the sovereign's death. All over the city
flags were lowered to half-mast out of
respect to the dead monarch. Over banks,
hotels, business houses and stores the
national emblem hung, and along the
water front ships of all nations lowered
their ensigns. At the ferry building tho
sign of mourning was displayed, and
when word was conveyed to Adjutant
General Babcock of the United States
Army, at army headquarters In the Phe
lan building, that the Queen was dead,
he ordered the flag over the building to
be lowered. On the school houses the flag
was displayed at half-mast and the vari
ous foreign consuls did not wait for offi
cial news of the death of the Queen to
show the tame mark of respect.
British Consul W. Clayton Plckersgtll
said last evening that he had not yet re
: ceived official notification of the death
;of his sovereign, but accepted the press
dispatches In lieu of official Information.
The Union Jack hung at half-mast over
the British Consulate and during the day
many persons called at the consulate to
express their regrets and sympathy. The
first to call was the German Consul, and
he was followed by other foreign repre
sentatives. All the consulates displayed
flags at half-mast and In Chinatown the
same rule was observed by the leading
business men and by Chinese Consul Gen
eral Ho Yow.
British Consul Plckersglll kept the con
sulate open last night to awyi.it official
news. The information will come to tha
Consul through the British. Embassador
'in "WasMnston.
British Consul Pickersgill, William
Greer Harrison, Dr. d'Evelyn and others
of English birth sent out a call for a
meeting to be held to-night at the offices
of Dr. d'Evelyn In the Phelan building.
Consul Plckersglll co-operated with the
officials of the British and American Un
ion, the British Society, the Sons of St.
George and other British organizations
In arranging the meeting. The officials
of the various societies will arrange for
a semi-State funeral service, to be held
in thi3 city at the same hour that the
funeral services for the Queen Is held in
England. The Consuls, city officials,
members of the clergy, army and navy
officials and prominent citizens will be in
vited to attend.
The British societies, together with Con
sul Plckersglll. will arrange later for a
grand memorial service, to give all Brit
ish subjects the opportunity of taking
part in the expression of sympathy and
tribute to the mother country. Sacred
music and addresses will be the feature
of the memorial service.
Consul Pickersgill and* a number of
prominent British subjects desire to ex
press their thanks to the press and the
public In general for the outburst of sym
pathy shown when the news of tha
Queen's death arrived In San Francisco.
Consul Plckersglll will to-day send a
cablegram to the- new King, tendering to
him and the royal family the condolence
of the British residents In this city and
State. : ' '-'
EULOGIZES THE
DEAD SOVEREIGN
Ex-President Benjamin Harrison
Pays High Tribute to Her
"Worth, as a Queen, and ¦ | -
as a Woman. j g
INDIANAPOLIS. Jan. 22.— When noti
fied of the Queen'a death .to-day Ben
jamin Harrison made this statement:
"No other death could have excited so
general a sorrow. There are persona In
every nation— other than Great Britain —
whose death would more profoundly move
the people of that nation, but Queen Vic
toria's death will briny more sadness to
the hearts of more men and women than
any other. The drumbeat did not define
her dominion; the Union, Jack was not
the symbol of her large empire. More
hearts pulsated with love for her and
more knees bowed before her queenly per
sonality than before the Queen of Great
Britain. 'God Save the Queen* . hadv be
come well nigh a universal anthem.
Heredity does not stay our quest for the
real man or woman upon whose head a
crown has* fallen. 'Indeed, that has coma
to be the way of the world. . The sover
eign whose life is not clean, "noble, lyra
pa the tic: whose personal character la be
low the best thoughts of his people, is not
loved, and the powers of an. unloved King
or Queen are short, however may the law
run. ¦ Queen Victoria's power was lat/ger
than the law. ~
"I do not* care to speculate as to. the
effect of the Queen's death upon Euro
pean politics further than to say that a
mighty influence* on the side of peace has
been lost- -The' British people will find
.It hard to adjust their mind* and hearts
Jo a juccesslon. There will be a dispo
sition to make the pause unusually long
after the first member of the proclama
tion The Queen Is Dead.' but the other
member Will follow, and *Lon«r Live the
King* will be spoken resolutely by Brit
ons everywhere.
•The new sovereign will b« loyally sup
ported In his constitutional prerogatives,
and will not be denied an opportunity to
win that dominion over the hearts of his
people which they yielded to "his mother."
Fla? Half-Masted for victoria.
' OAKLAND. Jan. 22.— The city flag at
the junction of Broadway and Telegraph
avenue was displayed at half-mast to-day
after the receipt of the dispatches an
nouncing the Queen'a death.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. j^DlSESDAY, JANUARY Vi5,ltJVl,
EDWARD VII, KING OF GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND AND EMPEROR OF INDIA.
2
To Prevent the Grip
LAXAtiva Bromo-Qulnlne removes the causa. *WOODLAND, Jan. 22.— An ordinance
requiring all saloons to ciose at midnight
was read for the first time at a meeting
o? the City Trustees held Monday night.
Early Closing Law.
VICTORIA. B. C Jan. ZL— The Col
lector of Customs made an Inquiry thl*
morning Into the landing of twenty-one
Japanese by the United States revenue
cutter Grant, being men brought back
from the United States for violation of
the contract labor law. Captain Tozier
explained that no discourtesy was Intend
ed and roundin? up the Japanese offered
to place them on board the cutter until
the difficulty could te adjusted. Collector
¦Miln* accepted the explanation and after
the Japanese passe*! through the custom
hous.e in the regular way they were given
their liberty. - * *
Japanese Liberated.
There will be a remarkable gathering of
crowned heads of Europe and royalties at
the funeral of the Queen. The Kings of
Italy and Greece, the King of the Bel
gians and the Crown Prince of Denmarit
have already declare.! their intention of
attending. Emperor William of Germany,
who was at his grandmother's deathbed,
will certainly be present.
The Queen will be laid to rest beside
the grave of the Prince Consort In the
beautiful mausoleum which she built for
this purpose, situated in Windsor Park,
near Windsor Castle, within the ground
of Frogmore House. It is overlooked by
the windows of the Quwn's private apart
ments In Windsor Castle. During the sum
mer the Queen frequently drove to Frog
more for breakfast or afternoon tea on the
lawn.
LONDON, Jan. 23.— fSoedal cable to tho
New Tork Journal.)— The Queen's body
will be taken across the Solent on the
yacht Victoria and Albert, accompanied
by the yacht Alberta. At Portsmouth sev
eral cruisers and torpedo boats will re
ceive the yachts. Their yard3 will not
be manned, but their f.igs will be at half
mast with probably no other outward
sljzns of mourning.
Heads "Will Be Present When
the Queen Is Laid to
Rest.
Remarkable Gathering of Crowned
PREPARATIONS
FOR FUNERAL
deatn.
"There was an attempt about 10 o'clock
In the morning to Introduce relatives, but
even then the Queen was not In a condi
tion to say anything. The Kaiser went In
Just for a half-minute, touched the
Queen's hand and went out. deeply af
fected. "Whether the Queen recognized
him or not nobody can say absolutely. The
doctors, whether for diplomacy's sake or
not. give the opinion that she 'did."
As one of the papers says, the Kaiser's
grief Is very great at present, because
this death Is •almost sure to b« followed
by another, for It Is understood that dur
ing- tho day baJ news arrived concerning
the condition of Empress Frederick. Tho
Kaiser has telegraphed for his yacht, th©
Hohenzollern. to It Is expected that he
will return to Germany until the time
of the funeral ceremonies.
The probabilities are that the lying in
ftate will be at St. Paul's, while naturally
the burial, which may not take place for
perhaps ten days, will be at Frogmore.
where the Queen will be placed besida
the late Prince Consort.
"May I respectfully convey to your
Royal Highness and to all members of
tb» royal family the earnest sympathy
and condolence of the city of London In
your great sorrow?"
"Your Royal Highness* telegram an
nouncing the nation's great loss I have
received with profound distress and grief,
and have communicated this most sad In
timation to my fellow-citizens. Her Ma
jesty's name and memory will forever
live In the hearts of her people.
"ALBERT EDWARD."
The Lord Mayor replied to "Lie Prince
of Wales as follows:
- "Osborne. 6:45 p. m. — My beloved mother
has just passed away, surrounded by her
children and grandchildren.
LONDON*. Jan. 22. 7:07 p. m.— The text
of the Prince of Wales' dispatch to the
Lord Mayor Is as follows:
Official Dispatch Announcing to the
London Populace That Vic
toria's Reign Is .
Ended, i
EDWARD NOTIFIES
THE LORD MAYOR
«J -^ EKLIX. Jan. 23.— Th* Em
¦ *-.>» press started from Berlin for
H^^#^ Cronberg at 10 o'clock to con-
W^^^^k' sole the Dowager Empress
H| 19 Frederick, who received the
JBUkmm***^ news of her mother's death
at 8:30 p. m. Serious but un
official reports as to the con
dition cf the latter continue to arrive. It
is expected the court will go Into mourn
ing for six weeks. The usual time for
sovereigns who are not related Is four
weeks.
LON'DON. Jan. 23.— The "vTestralnster
Gaz»tte says: ''Our special correspondent
is. Informed on gosd authority that her
Majesty \ completely astonished those
around her by -her almost superhuman
vitality. 'Wonderful', is the verdict of one
who can speak with a measure of author
ity.
"Those who professed to know about it
say that" the real "cause of death was a
clot of blood on the brain. That the
Queen died In absolute repose was told In
the bulletins. . She slept a large part of
the afternon. almost up to the time of her
Special IHspatch to The CalL
Alarming News From Berlin Adds to the
Grief of the German Emperor*
EMPRESS FREDERICK'S
CONDITION SERIOUS
IvON'DON. Jan. 23.— The Daily Chronicle
remarks that President •llcldnley was
Fllphtly premature In sending a communi
cation to "His Majesty the King," inas
much as the Prince of Wales has not been
proclaimed by the Privy Council. .
CHIDES THE PRESIDENT.
CALL HEADQfARTERS. SACRA -
J'EN'TO. Jan. 22.— The Senators were
mr.fronted this rr.nrnlng by a placard on
the door of the Senate chamber announc
ing that Queen Victoria was dead.
It the grayer of the chaplain ref
erence was made to the death of the
QneeQ and a word was said for the re
pose of her soul and another In sympathy
for a pi«ter nation In her grief. When
The Senate adjourned for the day It did
f=o in pursuance of th!* resolution, sub
mitted by Senator Davis:
n*-s<olv*<;. That when th» Senat* adjourn. It
I. lat* Queen of Great Britain ani Ire'.nna and
Frrprws cf India, and as a r*.ar!c cf eyispathy
vlth that *ent'ment whirh. in the presence
nt J-.«rr 'Seath. trisk** a'l th» trorH kin.
A* tn*e morring se<r?ion of the Assem
bly wa? drawing to a close Johnson arose
end said he ha.! just been informed of the
fad news of the «!eath cf Queen Victoria.
He moved that the Assembly adjourn out
cf respect to hrr memory. By unanimous
vote the ndjoumracnt was taken.
"WTL.HZI.MINA GRIEVES.
THE HAGUE. Jan. 22.-Queen Wllhel
mJr.a. who was much grieved. Immedi
ately dlspatcbrd m*ssacps of condolence
to the member? of the British royal-fam
ily. A!l the papers published sympathetic
article*, the Vaderland praising the dead
Oueen as a model constitutional monarch.
Out of Respect to the Mem
ory of Queen Vic
toria.
"Upper House at Sacramento Adjourns
CALIFORNIA'S
SENATE ACTS
On their arrival at Cowes the corr*
ppendents found the news known both
at East and Wwt Cowes fully fifteen
minutes before it had been announced to
these in waitir.e at the pates of Osborne
House. The streets were already filled
with sorrowful crowjs discussing her
Majesty's death.
AH rresent reverently uncovered an<2
then shrill whistles and ringlne of the
bel!s cf bicycles In Wiitrr.g were the Eig
r.a'.s for messengers to race to Cowes with
the r.cws. In a few moments the place
•was deserted. Simultaneously mounted
messengers, on white horses, dashed from
Osborr.e.
OSBORNT HOrSE GATES, Isle of
¦Wight. Jan. :2.— When the 4 p. m. bulletin
announced that the Queen was sinking all
the watchers at the pates of Osborne
House trade Bp their minds to remain to
The end. The cold was intense and a few
favored ones Fought shelter in the royal
lodge. Just Inside, where they waited in
absolute silence. The telephone bell rang
nt T:O4 p. ks.. but before a royal servant
had time to take the ctssage the chief of
the Queen's police from the
darkness ar.d with bared hejd said:
"•^"ntleincn, the Queen passed away z.t
Watchers at the Gates of Oshorno
House the Last to Learn cf
the Demise of Their
Sovereign.
SAD NEWS IS
HELD BACK
LONDON. Jan. 23.— All day yes
terday officials were busy pre
paring for the formalities
which are to take place for the
first time In three generations
— the r>ro<-lalmlng of a new
ruler of the United Kingdom.
It Is technical treason under
an ancient law to cr.ticipate the death of
a monarch and they were loth to
acknowledge they were preparing for the
*vent.
The Privy Council will meet to-morrow
at St. James Palace, when the form of
the prnrlanatirn will b«» read. This will
pive the rew title tho King may assume
r-it the (title is not yet announced. The
prrclsmaticn will then be sent to the
herald" 1 college and the following day the
Earl Marshal, the Garter King at Arms.
heralds, pursuivants and other officials
<-o»!-jre members, with the Household
Treor*. will proceed from the palace clad
la their splendid surcoats and proceed to
Trafalgar Square. There the king at
firrr.s will halt, command silence and read
the proclamation. Proceeding down the
Strand to Temple Bar. a halt will again
he raade to demand an entrance into the
city to proclaim the King. There the
Lord Mayor and sheriffs in their state
carrlapre will form a great procession and
•when the Earl Marshal's party comes Just
•within the city boundary the proclama-
LINCOLN, Jan. 22.— The following ex
pression on the dea'th of Queen Victoria
was given by William J. Bryan to-night:
"The death of Queen Victoria will be
regretted In all lands. Her. personal vir
tues won for her the love of her subjects
and the respect of the. world. Her suc
cessor win find It difficult to nil her place
In the public esteem."
Bryan Praises Dead Quesn.
BERLIN, Jan. 22. — It is learned from
an official source that Queen Victoria rec
ognized Emperor William when the lar>
ter went to her bedside yesterday by giv
ing a sign of Joy. She was unable to con
verse with him.
RECOGNIZES THE KAISER.
the last year of her i«»lgn. It is palpable
that the Transvaal war accentuates' these
unkind sentiments.
Even Luclen Millevoye. editor of La
Patrie. and the most conspicuous exem
plar of Nationalist views, said In La
Patrie yesterday: "Victoria's approach
ing end is justice striking for the crimes
committed In her nnm« and retribution
for fifty years of Infamies In Ireland.
"No woman ever broke eo many others'
hearts; no mother, since the world be
«ran. ever rVcelved the malediction of so
ir.any other mothers." • . - - - ¦ r^,,^-
Millevoye agrain writes In to-day's in-
Bue of La Patrie. He "continues: """Her
heavy burden fall* on : the shoulder*, al
ready weary, of a Prince whose debauched
life ill prepares him for the duties of a
rofminjj Prince."
Libre Parole will publish to-morrow
commentaries In the same' harsh vein. : Le
Matin, usually conservative and ocrupy
lng for a long tlmo close .1ournallst!c re
lations with the London Times. i« also
sternly critical of the last year of Queen
Victoria's reign, blaming her for the "in
famous attempt to strangle the liberties
of the young South African republics."
Henri Rochefort said this evening: ".A*
a Frenchman, a liberty lover and a friend
of the oppressed of all races. I cannot
find It In my heart to weep for the death
of the ruler of a nation which has ex
reeded all history in the universality -of
Its oppression. But If affairs were bad
under Victoria, how much worse they will
be under her son!"
The editor c.t Figaro says: "To my view
this great Queen's death Is Inexpressibly
sad. I honor England, both Government
and people, and therefore I reverenced
Queen Victoria, who embodied both so
gloriously."
BERLIN. Jan. 22.— The new» of the
death of Queen Victoria had been hourly
expected In Berlin and on Its arrival spe
cial editions of the newspapers sold like
wildfire, the announcement being read
with silent and respectful sympathy. ,Tn«
fact that Empress Augusta Victoria start
ed to-<lay for Hamburg to be near Dow
ager Empress Frederick added to the pad
circumstances of the occasion. The Ger
man nation fully shares in the feelings of
the Prltlsh people toward the venerable
and Illustrious sovereign who has Just
breathed her last.
Immediately after the receipt of the
news Count von Eulenberg, the Chief
Court Marshal, ordered the flag? half
masted on all public buildings. Although
the hour of tho evening was somewhat ad
vanced, a number of embassies and lega
tions, including the American, did the
same. Special mourning orders to the
schloss. the army, the- court and the pub
lic departments were issued this evening.
These will be published to-morrow and
go into effect Immediately.
COPENHAGEN. Jan. 22.— The news of
the death of Queen Victoria arrived here
at a late hour. The King was sleeping,
and It was thought best not to disturb
him. The Crown Prince was notified of
her Majesty's demise and at once tele
graphed condolences to Osborne House.
He- will attend the funeral, as the con
dition of the King's health will preclude
his undertaking the Journey. The late
editions of the papers announcing the
news oT the Queen's death created a deep
Impression. Fetes have been abandoned.
ROME. Jan. 22.— A most painful Impres
sion was produced by the receipt of the
news of .Queen Victoria's death. King
Victor Emanuel. Queen Helene. the Pope
and members of the Government im
mediately telegraphed condolences.
VIENNA, Jan. 22.— Emperor Franz
Josef, who was greatly affected to learn
that' Queen Victoria had passed away.
Immediately dispatched a message of con
aolence to Osborne.
Speak of England's Loss as Retribu
tion for the Lives Sacrificed
in an Unjust
War.
PARIS. Jan. 22 (Special Cablegram tc
the New York WorldJ.-France's eminent
men express themselves variously con
cerning Queen Victoria's death. Cabinet
ministers unanimously express profound
sorrow because of the passing away of a
sovereign "Illustrious by a long and bril
liant reign, and personally distinguished
by every private virtue." The same sen
timent Is far from shared by all public
men.
Many Nationalists are disposed to speak
of the Queen's death as retribution for
th«* lives sacrificed in an "unjust war" in
RABID COMMENT
OF PARIS PRESS
The coronation will probably be deferred
until next year, or until the termination
of the South African war.
To the Aldermen and Sheriffs of London
the i*w King will next announce his
pleasure, and he will be proclaimed King
and the proclamation will be made by the
Lord Mayor at Temple Bar and by her
alds at three other points in London.
The council will be attended by all the
Cabinet, by numerous privy councilors
and great officers of state and by the
household. Th? King and Queen will first
enter the council chamber when the coun
cil is assembled aijd will take their seats
on the throne. When they are seated the
Lord Chancellor will administer the usual
oaths'that they should govern the king
dom according to jts laws and customs,
afford security to the Church of Scotland
and confirm Parliament and the people In
their riphts and liberties. Tfye Cabinet
Ministers will then advance to the throne
to swear allegiance to the new sovereign,
other persons present following suit In
the order of their precedence. Finally the
proclamation will be ordered. It having
been signed by all the Privy Councillors
present and by the others. Including the
Lord Mayor.
tlon will be read again and the procession
will pass down Ludgate Hill and Cheap
side to the Royal Exchange, where similar
ceremonies will close the spectacle.
Flans for the Coronation of the Prince of
Wales as the King ot Great
Britain and Ireland,
ANCIENT CUSTOMS
WILL BE OBSERVED
MOURNED THROUGHOUT ALL CHRISTIAN LANDS
OLYMPIA. Wash.,' Jan. 22.— The; 8enate
to-day adopted a memorial to Congress on
strictly .party lines, requesting: that body
to pass the. ship subsidy -bill. . - - .
Favors Subsidy Bill.
. Durlnjr the; present cold »nd grip 'season
thirty-two thousand. «even hundred and sixty
boxes > of Laxative . Bromo-Qulnlne have - been
purchased by .'. the following wholesale drug
houses of Dallas: " J. 'W. 1 Crowdus A Cc.'Tezas
T)tum Co. and Patton-Woraham Drug Co^x';;
How It Goes in , Dallas.
WOODLAND. ' Jan. 22.— There were filed
with the Secretary of State to-day ar
ticles of incorporation of the Capay OH
Company. The following are the direct
ors - of the new company. C. F. ' Curry
Daniel Kavane. Dr. F. W.' Hatch. Frank
D. Ryan "and M. A; Nurse.- all .of Sacra
mento, and J. .C.Bali, Byron Ball. T.' 8.'
Spauldlng and J. H. Dungan of Wood
land. The company, through J. C. • Ball
and M. A. Nurse. - has ; located 2C0O acres
of land In this county.
New Oil Company.
SANTA ANA. Jan. 22.— There came near
being a tragedy this . morning at : Holz
graffe's wagon "s hop on South Main street,
William ., McCulloch. '.manager of the
Grand Opera-house, and F. F. Pyne of
Py ne's music store engaged In a quarrel
over, "the., use of a piano In the opera
house. Blows followed., McCulloch had a
small : pocket-knife In his hand and. get
ting ;Pyne .down on ,a pila 1 of scraplron,
stabbed him in ¦ the left side. F. Holz
graffe rushed out and Interfered.' A war
rant has been Issued against McCulloch,
charging him .with. assault with a deadly
weapon with -intent .to; commit .murder.
McCulloch has given bail, in the sum of
*5oo. .... r , - . ¦ ¦: ¦ . ¦ •
at . Santa Ana.
William McCulloch Stabs F; F. Pyne
USES POCKET KNIFE.
SALEM. Or.. Jan. 22.— The Oregon Leg
islature adjourned this afternoon on ac
count of the death of Queen Victoria.
"SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 22.— Flags are flying
at half mast over a number of buildings
out of resnect to the memory of Queen
Victoria.
VANCOUVER. B. C.. Jan. 22.— The en
tire city Is In deepest mourning. ITpon
receipt of the hews of the death of the
Queen. Mayor Townley Issued a procla
mation requesting all places of business
to close from noon to-day until to-morrow
at noon. The courts, provincial and mu
nicipal offices, tchools. factories and rail
way shops were also closed. ' j .
Robert Sharp, grand president of tho
body of the Sons of St. George, has dis
patched directions to all lodges In his Ju
risdiction-on the Pacific coast, ordering
that memorial services be held by mem
bers of the order on Sunday. January 27.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 22.— Flags are at
half mast throughout the city and there
are many other evidenefs of the profound
sympathy and prief aroused by the deatn
of England's Queen.
TACOMA. Jan. 22.— Many flags on pub-
He school buildings and elsewhere were
placed at halfmast on the announcement
of the Queen's death.
OLYMPIA. Wash.. Jan. 22.— Both
branches of the Legislature to-day passes
reEolutlons oh- the death of Queen Vic
toria and adjourned the afternoon session
out of. respect to her. The resolution has
been telegraphed to Washington City offi
cials to be transmitted by them to tho
British representatives. ¦
OLYMPIA. Wash.. Jan. 22.— The Wash
ington Legislature to-day passed a con
current resolution of respect to the mem
ory of the Queen.
It Is not the-purpose to make the dem
onstration British, but American born as
well ns naturalized citizens will be In
vited. It Is the general opinion of the
American-British that instead of a crep-?
badpe on tho arm. the usual mourning
emblem of British subjects, a small ro
sette or bow of black cloth will be worn
op. "the lapel of the coat or on 'the dress,
uniformity. In this matter by the natural
ized British belnp respectfully requested.
"Our observance wlll'dlfferfrom the ser
vices held In cities which are under the
Queen's reign and by her. sublects. since
we are not r mourning -our dead ruler, but
merely expressing our pride in our Eng
lish .oncestry- The commemoration will
probably be a simple memorial sermon to
express our admiration for Britain's
greatest sovereign."
. PEATTIiE. Jan. 2'.— Arrangements' are
bcinp made by the British-American As
sociation to' observe with appmbriate cer
emonles the .Queen's death. The observ
ance will consist of memorial services at
one of the churches In th» city, w'.th a
memorial service-by- one-of • the ministers
of the .English, church. John- W. Pratt,
president of the association. 'said:
'.' "The G6yvrnme.nL of British j Columbia
exDresses..,*th'e ' profound, regret, .which Is
felt by t the whole nrovlnce to 'its most
remote' UmUs at the sad hews of the
death of 'our beloved "sovereign."
I Many - have. b*pn' the • messages of .con
dolence .sent from British' Columbia/ . The
Ueu tenant "Governor, acting" on behalf of
the j gov^nnjentr ..of. -the .province, -this af
ternoon '.i««iii^the* ; following , message:^-
£jfAt Esoulmalt, the naval headauarters
In the North Pacific, arrangements have
been made for the firing of minute puns
Tor an hour ami all flaps have been low
ered On all the ships. The officers have
canceled all engagements and will go Into
mourning for three months. In the city
every theatrical performance or concert
booked for days to come has been can
celed and all Is gloom because of the
death of the b« 1 4oved i Queen whose name
this city proudly- bears. Even the Chi
nese quarter files many dragon flass at
half mast and the Chinese Board of Trade
has drawn up a long telegram of condo
lence .to be f orwarded\ to - Hon. Joseph
Chamberlain. >. : - " {-¦' .:- '•
-VICTORIA. Jan. 22. — To-day the Prov
ince of British Columbia Is in gloom such
a? has riever been before experienced
sine the.. first white man landed here. The
public "buildlnjrs, stores, offices, etc.. have
nil been closed and are draped from top
to bottom In crape. All the churches
tolled thrlr bells at Intervals of one min
ute for hours, and special services will
be held.
NEW YORK. Jan. 22.— Mayor j Van
Wyck refused to-day to place the flags on
the City Hall at half mast In honor of tho
Queen's memory. Half a dozen citizens
at ' various times . during the afternoon
called his attention to the apparent over
sight, but he told them it was not an over
sight—that he declined to half-mast flags
for any sovereign's death.
Mayor Van Wyck Will Not Permit
Flag to Be Lowered to Half
Mast on New York's
City Hall.
""¦¦ •
REFUSES TO
HONOR DEAD
ROME.'Jan. 22.— Pope I-eo, when he re
ceived the news of Queen Victoria's
death through Cardinal Rampolla.
dropped on his knees to pray, remaining
In this attitude for a considerable time.
Afterward he gave orders that In all
churches prayers for the Queen be of
fered to-morrow. Ills Holiness will be
represented .<¦ at the funeral by Cardinal
Vaughan.
Deeply Affected When He Receives
the Ne-ws That Great Britain's
Sovereign Is No
More.
POPE UTTERS
SILENT PRAYER
That the. president pro .tem. of the Senate
cause to be conveyed to the Prime Minister of
Great Britain a suitably engrossed copy of
the foregoing resolution,
i It was agreed to.
The House adopted a resolution express-
Ing profound retrret and sympathy -with
the Enpllsh. people owing, to the death of
Queen Victoria. The was ;re
ouested to express the .sentiment to Great
Britain and as a further mark of respect
the House adjpurrie*!:^,'^'^."'. V "
"The action Jof • tb*!fHouse..was particu
larly.; expressIyt^ih^^that^the'.resoTutloh
was adopted wlthoiitrdlssent.*. .If followed
precedent and was, in almost 'the. Identical
language of the resolutions adopted upon
the occasion of the death nf the President
of the French republt&and the Czar.' ,
The resolution was. introduced by HItt.
chalrman-of the -Committee on Foreign
Affairs.^ It .was as follows:
Resolved. That the House of Representative*
of the United States of America has learned
with p|pf<*und sorrow of the death of Her
Majesty. Queen Victoria., and sympathtses -with
her peoole In the lo«s of their beloved sover
eign. That the President b* required to com
munlcnte this expression of the sentiment of
the House to the Government of Great.
Britain.
'That'as a further mark of respect to. the
memory of Queen Victoria the House do now
adjourn. '...'*. "- .
• The reading of th<; . resolution was lis
tened to with Impressive silence. Hltt
stated very briefly t'^at this resolutlqn fol
lowed the precedents In similar cases." It
was/ he said, copied almost literally from
the resolution adopted upon the occasion
of the death of the French President and
followed the expression made ,'iipon" the
death *of the Czar of* Russia. ¦ - ¦ ' .
The resolution was; unanimously adopted
and at 5:50 p. m. the -House adjourned.-
That the d»ath of her Royal and Imperial
Majesty, Victoria. ' of • noble virtues and gr*at
renown, is Finc«»r?iy J deplored -by the Senate
of ' the United States of America. .'
•"The- resolution i was adopted unani
mously.
. Allison then offered the following reso
lution: - ¦ •
¦WASHINGTON*. Jan. 22.— The announce
ment of the death of Queen Victoria to
day, conveyed unofficially to the Senate,
was recognized .by that body In the adop
tion of an appropriate- resolution which
was ordered to be. engrossed and forward
ed to the Prime Minister of Great Britain.
The resolution, which was Introduced by
Allison." was as follows:
Senate Adopts Suitable Resolutions
and the House Adjourns - .
. as a Mark - of - . •
Kespect.
ACTION TAKEN
BY CONGRESS
Flags at Half Mast Manif e«t the
,, Feelings of Sympathy West
of the Great
Divide.
TRIBUTES OF
COAST CITIES
"In my opinion there hns been no politi
cal bond that has bound together the Brit
ish empire with more power, "if as muci:,
as the bond of personal devotion to this
beautiful character and personality. I
was much struck on my. recent trip
around the world to Observe the extent to
which this extreme personal devotion was
noticeable. People who had never seen
the Queen, had never been to England and
never had expected to be, appeared to feel
the same personal devotion as English
men themselves. The attraction and co
hesive force of this sentiment upon colo
nial life was very remarkable. It greatly
impressed me. and a s I- said, " It ; appears
to have been the strongest bond that has
held the empire together." '¦'..' . •
Bishop Potter said that If he should at
tempt to estimate 'the character of the
Queen it would simply be upon the same
lines as he ufced In his address to students
and young men at Calvary Church Sun
day night. He then laid emphasis upon
thelnct that Victoria was like Washing
ton, because it was the nobility of her
character rather than' other conspicuous
gifts of intellect that won for her such
universal esteem. They had been the
most successful- rulers- of their respective
nations and yet neither had possessed any
such shining talents as those with whom
Napoleon dazzled the world. Bishop Pot
ter also said:
Ills Royal Highness, .the Trlnce of . Wales.
Osborne: On behalf of the American Salva
tionists ire assure your lloyal Highness and
members of the royal family of our profound-
w t sympathy and prayers.
FREDERICK and EMMA BOOTH-TUCKER.
The reply received was:
The Prince of Wales thanks American Sal
vationists for the telegram cf sympathy.
The following cablegram was sent this
af t«rnoon from the headquarters of tho
American Salvationists in this city:
All of the British societies have gone
Into mourning and as early as an hour
after the announcement' of the Queen's
death had mourning displayed.
The flags of Russia. Austria, Mexico,
Germany, Italy and other nations were
half masted at the various foreign con
sulates and steamship offices on Bowling
Green end Lower Broadway.
NEJV\ YORK. Jan. 22.— The first appar
ent en>ct in New York City of the cable
gram from England announcing the death
of Queen Victoria was In the almost-in
stant lowering of flaps all over the city
to half mast. , This was particularly true
with regard to the financial district, where
every business house or building had Its
bunting ready. Wall street and Its adja
cent thoroughfares ¦were soon given silent
Intimation that one of 4 the world's most
notable personages had parsed away.
Trinity Church, at the head of Wall
street, took note of the event by the toll-
Inpr-of its b*>ll. and possibly the first offi
cial In the United Stairs to take cogniz
ance of the passing of England's monarch
was the sub-Treasurer, who, as'soonas
he received notice, lowered the flag of the
subtrensury building.'
MOURNING IN
UNITED STATES
Populaces of American Cities Pay
Tributes of Respect to
the Dead Queen's
Memory. • -
At the present time the newly made
monarch Is Interested In American secu
rities to- the extent of $5,000,000 In his own
name, and a division of- his •mother's per
sonal estate will give him direct control of
stocks and bonds of Americarylnstitutlons
aggregating an additional $2.000,000. ". He
.will- also fall heir to mortgages and real
fstate Investments of American origin, to
which Queen Victoria was particularly
partial. *¦¦
* During the bull market two years apo
the Prince of Wales profited handsomely
.by his consistently-backed belief in.hlgher
prices for American stocks. He traded
heavily in' both -London and this city, and
Is reputed to have "cleaned up" $3,000,000.
If the accounts of the present ruler of
England which have recently been print
ed no mention has been made of the spec
ulations of Albert Edward, yet as Prince
of Wales he speculated heavily at times
and was a firm believer In his own Judg
ment relative to the value of securities.
Hls_ operations wen? not confined to the
London Stock Exchange, and his commis
sions have made glad the hearts and
swelled • the bank rolls of both Parisian
and ! New York brokers. .
Ireland
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— The Morning Tel
egraph says: Forty-five hundred shares
of stock were traded In yesterday on tht
New York Stock Exchange for account of
Edward VII, King of Great Britain and
New York's .'Change on the
Day of His Mother's
Death.
Heavy Transactions in His Name on
KING EDWARD AS
STOCK GAMBLER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1901.
INSIGNIA OF THE ROYALTY/OF GREAT BRITAIN fiND IRELAND,
3
Made-to-order
and guaranteed
Popular prices have made
our tailoring department popu-
lar, and our ten dollar suits are
• the most popular
|||P*!| suits we ever sold,
W; ;? They have be-
come popular sole-
/5?ffl^^^ 'y through merit
/llflilfm — throu g h thefit '
/ §MM li^isPIv wear > st y le ancl
We are making these% ||f^riiiw * *
-uits from black cheviots v||\
and fancy tweeds, the lat- \m'^\ *$M£s££&
ter comprising an excellent
1 ne of checks and stripes l&r
; n lisht and dark patterns. lllE^^
Gome in and get some l^jgjrgjjh
samples.
Out-of-iown orders filled — write, for samples and sslf-measuring
blank.
> 718 Market Street and
Cor. Powell and Eddy.
I Codfish, S|?pi
San onion* \¥g
la fritter' JPJ
B can be fried ***r\ \ /fk
H successively in >gy K\ )yC
ODORLESS f|p4 I
j and one will not par- \ m S
5 take in the slightest \ I fo
I degree of the flavor 1 j M
i be Kted again and (tV >vvV M
* ; again until the last H
¦ drop docs its appedz- «1A«0\|a HHow It Goes in New Orleans.
-: During the i. present -cold and grip season
twenty-five Thousand and thirty-two boxes of
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine have been | purchased
by the following wholesale drug houses of New
Orleans:-. I. L.. Lyons <fc Co.. Flnlay, i Dicks &
Co. and L. X. Brunswig & Co. •
Evidence Is Insufficient to Hold
v the Three. Men. ..
SAN JOSE, Jan. 22.--Ernest Toner, Matt
Corkery and Ernest pelmue.- charged .with
assault on Marie Staten on January 7; had
their preliminary examination before. Jus
tice Wallace to-day. The case waa con
ducted behind closed doors.. . .
- Evidence was 'introduced to '- prove the
woman's character was not. the -best -and
that the whole matter was a drunken row.
Justice Wallace concluded the evidence
was not sufficient to hold the defendants
and dismissed' the case3 against them.
The - assault on the '. woman : aroused at
the time great indignation among the peo
ple and formed -.the subject of. a special
message by Mayor. Martin . in which tha
closing offside entrances .to .saloons- was
advocated. • An ¦ ordinance-: to this effect
Is now being drafted." • ¦%,
......... . ? •¦;'-.¦-•.¦ - •¦ ¦
Big Deal in Hops.
: : TACOMA, Jan. ., 22.— Pier Brothers, hop
dealers of New York, have closed a con
tract with Waller & McGowan to- operate
three large hop yards In Puyallup Valley,
aggregating sixty acres ' on the basis of
advancing 1 18 - cents a pound -on an esti
mated crop of 110,000 pounds for cultivat
ing and delivering the, crop free on. board
cars. All above 8 cents Is - to be eaually
divided.: -.-.- /; ;¦ ;•._-¦ ¦ , , •
Justice "Wallace Decides That the
ALLEGED ASSAILANTS OF ]
MISS M5TATEN* RELEASED
SACRAMENTO. Jan. . 22.— A resolution
was Introduced in the Assembly making
J. Steppacher clerk to the San Francisco
delegation at a per diem of $5. The mat
ter was referred to the Committee: on At
taches. ' .
Position of Steppacher.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 22. — The coyote' scalp bl'.l
is again before the Legislature, in the
Senate fathered by Laird and In the As
sembly fathered by Irish. It Is limited in
form this time; however, to the counties
of :l»assen, Modoc, Slsklyou, Plumas.
Shasta, Sierra and Trinity. It appro
priates $39,300.
The bill provides that only 50 per cent
of any claim shall be paid in the fiscal
year ¦ ending 1 . In 1902 and only after ap
proval by the Board of Examiners. It is
provided that within six months the State
Board of Examiners shall investigate and
approve or reject every claim, whether
the claim has previously been filed with
the Controller or shall hereafter be pre
sented: but the claims shall not be ap
proved unless they 3hall/:l>e submitted
within ¦ five months after the passage of
the act. • It is provided .as well that the
board shall take* testimony regarding. the
claims, weighing the same In accordance
with the usual rules of. evidence.
The coyote scalp bill Is- an old .gho«»t
of the lobbies. It has been at even* ses
sion for years and it nas come to be so
that no session Is fairly opened until there
Is a coyote scalp bill somewhere on the
fll«.. . . . • ___ . .:; -^'U. V,
Laird Fathers Measure in Senate and
Irish. Stands Sponsor in
Assembly.
COYOTE SCAXP BILL .
COMES UP AS USUAL
$15,000, leaving the remainder to be pro
vided by the State. ;
TheAssembly Committee on Education
has decided to report favorably upon the
Assembly .bill to allow Stanford Univer
sity to incorporate. The joint Committee
on Municipal Corporations has decided to
report favorably on Taylor's Senate bill
No. 126 and Walker's Assembly bill No.
ft), . companion-, measures, which provide
for street improvements in small cities.
They are not ;bllls, that affect the Vroo
man act in any way, but merely amplify
ks provisions In certain cases.
CALLv HEADQUARTERS. .. SACRA
lIENTO,".Jan. ! 22.— Senator f ;Nutt's bill to
mal^ uniform the' divorce Jaws of the va-
TTntiT Objectionable; Features
; ; , : -.'•* Are - Eliminated.
Committee/.Willf Not Take Action
MUCH OPPOSITION
TO THE DIVORCE BELL
SENATE BILLS PASS
ON THIRD READING
Measures Which Need but Governor's
Signature to Become
' Laws. V.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 22— The following
bills were read the third time and passed
by; the- Seriate:
S. 'B. 117, .Taylor— To validate proceedings for
the ; reorganization of : ; municipal j corporations,
taken ' since ' the passage of the municipal " cor
poration act of 1883.
S. B. 26, Davis— Amending section 122S of the
Code of . Civil , Procedure.^, relating- ; to home
steads. . ¦¦¦•¦'. ¦ • -~ . V
8. B. 29, Davis— To amend section 470 of the
Political Code, relating to the duties of the
Attorney: General. •:..'... • • ,
S. B. 45, . Devlin— Making . an ' appropriation
to 'pay the claim of -the, city ' of Sacramento
for water furnished > the State " of California
during the forty-ninth and^ fiftieth fiscal years.
; S. ; B. .- 47,- Devlin— Making ' an - appropriation
to pay . the deficiency , in • the j appropriation for
stationery, fuel. • lights and - ; supplies for . •-. the
Legislature . and State - officers for : the forty
eighth and forty-ninth fiscal. years..;
-., S. B. 48, Devlin— Making an appropriation to
pay • the deficiency • In x the-: appropriation : for
repairs to . Capitol building and furniture ' for
the fiftieth fiscal year. 'V- . -. •' t ."••-¦' -
.SAB.; 49, Devlin— Making _ t an appropriation
to pay '._ the . deficiency ;¦ f or . stationery, J»;. fuel,
lights . and ¦ supplies - for the Legislature and
State officers • for ; the fiftieth . fiscal ,. year. ¦- .
For a I*eper Settlement.
SACRAMENTO. Jan.- 22.— Assembly
Joint resolution No. 4, as to maklns: upon
the. Island of Mplqkal a leper .hospital
for the care of 411 lepers in the United
States, was adopted^ ¦ -„"
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 22.— The Assembly
Committee on Contested Elections to
nifeht heard the contest that came up
from the Twenty-eighth District. Lacy vs.
Franklin. The committee decided to seat
Franklin, who was elected on the face of
th* returns.
Franklin Seated.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 22.— Cutter's Joint
resolution calling upon President McKin
ley to relieve United States • Quarantine
Officer J. J. Kinyoun from further service
on the Pacific Coast came up In the Sen
ate. The amendment "of the Committee
en Federal Relations thai the resolution
be mailed instead of telegraphed to Wash
ington was d opted, and the resolution
was then, without, discussion, sent back
to the State Printer.
Kinyoun Case Considered.
Section 5 of the Wolfe bill is omitted en
tirely. This is the section which called
forth the «^iticiFm oflrsurance Commis
sioner Clunie in a recent issue of The Call
as throwing the protection of the law
cround schemes based on chance. Senate
bill No. 137. in section 5, imposes the duty
upon the „ Bank Commissioners of supcr-
Tislng all such companies and eeelns that
tbeir contracts are faithfully carried, out.
Apparently criticism has caused the de
br.nture companies interested to abandon
that portion o! their attempt to 'secure
favorable legislation.
The measure is entitled "An act defin
ing investment companies and reg-ulating
end • g-overnini; '. corporations,- companies,
associations and Individuals engaging in
the business of placing or selling de
bentures, bonds or certificates of Invest
ment, by whatroevfr name such bonds or
certificates may be desismated, and to pro
tect the holders thereof, and placing said
corporations, companies, associations -.or
Individuals under the supervision of the
Bark Commissioners."
CAT>L HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEXTO. Jan 22.— The debenture compa
nies bill introduced in th«> Senate a tew
days ceo bv Henator Wolfe was Intro
duced in the Assembly to-day by. Carter
of Los Angles. Carter put the bill in at
the request of Senator Simpson of Los
Angeles, and did not know until his atten
tion wfce called to It that important modi
fications had b^pn made in the bill from
the form in which it was introduced by
Senator Wolfe.
Although It Has Been
Modified.
CAETEB, PRESENTS
DEBENTURES BILL
Gives It to Assembly in Its Entirety,
We have a problem before us. I wlgh I could
nay that I could see Just where the end would
be, or rather I will say I am grlad I do not see
it. That university Is going to grow, I know,
to be a very great institution. I do not know
but that it Is groins: to be the first instltution-
In the world as It stands looking out upon the
Pacific, with problems which that • university
has got to deal with, and we have come to aslt
help of the people of the State of California. ..
That institution is going: to be the great force
reaching out its hand to the lands of the Occi
dent, to the Far Kafit. Within a generation
China will be opened up, and there will be col
leges built In every district. The first lot of
Mandarins has come to us already, asking for
Occidental ' education, at Berkeley. .¦¦.: We expect
more in this line. It is natural that they should
come ot us. These boys who came from, the
Philippines represent leading families of the
Tagalos, and ask us to educate them. This has
not come about by any artificial means. It Is
natural. It Is a privilege that-the commission
has asked — that California send ¦ teachers to
Manila, and we have done so. . I received a let
ter from there the other day,' saying. that the
dozen teachers that arrived there: are -highly
satisfactory: ¦ that they are so. eager -for edu
cation that they want 'to* open t great schools
there, and they expect a . great portion of the
teachers to come from California.
•.But Of course' t!ie State of California is. inter
ested supremely in furnishing for Its own sons
and daughters > proper . education,' ¦ ana for up-*
folding the . publlo school 'system, ; This . insti
tution is simply a portion of the State. The
Btate does not only own it, but controls it, and
it exists for. the State and for no other purpose
than to serve the State, and it Is the State.:
This institution has grown 395 per cent in- ten
years and consequently In the last two years
we have not been able' to go on as we woulu,
on account of' the slse of our classes. : There are'
classes In elementary English of .fifty or elxty;
in elementary French and German of that num
ber; classes In history that go, into large num
bers. We have 325 students in one class in, bot
any. ;It is necessary to separate that class into
two sections, simply because there is not room
enough to allow them to be together. ¦ Classes
in history, 100 in number, ¦ and ¦ no possible way
of separating that class. We' simply go on' the
best we can. but we are not' doing right; ¦ I
know: we are not doing right by the students
you know we are not doing right. Any one
coming In and, looking at. our classes will see
boys sitting on chairs on each side of the aisles,'
and sometimes • in • chairs at the doors leading
Into the rooms. ., . « •
Only five yetfrs ago 67 per " cent of , the" stu
dents . belonged to the , Bay district. That
percentage has been steadily declining; -in, the
last live . ream, one , in six ; - in . this . year, » one
in forty-one. By comparing tho , taxes paid
it will be found that San Francisco does « not
get her share. - It does not: get ..tho students
she pays ; for.- .They gain ' south : of Tehachapl/
That means that we aro getting our students
It Is not my creation nor my doing, so it
is my right to say it is absolutely so. When
I go anywhere out of thls^tate to do anything
In behalf of the. university, to ask. any -favors
for it, to get any men to come to it, then I
become aware of the great respect in which It
is held. It has a good name, and it has a
crprlit. and credit Is a large part of its capital.
Men never can tinker with Us credit. It ie upon
solid ground. . It Is a representative force in
the interests of science and literature. - :.
There is no institution— I do not know of
anything in the State of California that has
created as much good an It. or gained more
praise for the State, of California than the
institution at Berkeley.
Mr. Speaker and Committeemen— It .affords
me a great opportunity and' a very great
honor to stand upon the floor of this House
of Representatives of the State of California.
1 am conscious that I represent a good. cause,
an absolutely good cause. AVe have no apol
ogies to make. I am not here to go into tech
nicalities or ' to resort to diplomacy. If, my
cause needs some syrup, ask somebody else,
please, to furnish the syrup. I wish to tell
you simply a straight tale, to tell you the
needs of our. great university as. they are, and
please to excuse me from savoring the dose.
I will tell you so far as I know just what
the institution is, over which I have the honor
to preside, which is granted to be as an un
dergraduate institution the second in the land
— only old Harvard at Cambridge is ahead of
us. If. you could have been with , us last
Friday morning in the gymnasium, the only
room large- enough to cover us, and only cre
ated lately, in order that we might once, in a
while get together, where 2500 students and
professors were. It would be a lesson in words
which no speaker could picture.
President Wheeler spoko as follows:
Trie university bill will be held in abey
ance, it is understood, until President
Wheeler has had a conference with Gov
oronr Gage upon the latter's return from
Los Angeles. ' Until then no committee
action is expected upon the old bills, nor
will any new measures- be drafted and
Introduced.
son having detained him 'in Los Angeles,
It was decided, that the urgency "of the
university's needs was such that tho
president should adopt the unusual course
of appearing before the Senate and As-,
aembly and pleading personally for the
institution.
RALSTON'S ATTITUDE
PUZZLES CONSTITUENTS
Believed He Is Working Will of Gage in Ob
structing Mining Bill.
» -
! ©pedal Dispatca to The CalL
able report upon the bill despite all ob
jection. Another phase of the Imponndln-
plan appeared to-day in a bill by Senator
Cutter providing that all sites for darna
acquired for the purpose of carrying out
the plans adopted shall be acquired In the
name of the United States of America
Tnls is in response to the declaration of
Colonel Heuer that tha Government would
refuse to accept any deed not mad© out
to Itself.
Special Dicpatch to The Call.
CALLi HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 22.— "What Is the matter
with Ralston?" Is the unanswered ques
tion that Is going the rounds to-day. Hi*
attitude on the bill to appropriate $150,000
to go with a similar amount to be appro
priated by the Federal Government to
complete the work proposed by. the Gov
ernment engineers Is causing much com
ment from his colleagues in the Legisla
ture and many anxious telegrams from
his constituents and the members of ths
Miners'. Association. .
It is generally believed that Ralston Is
working out the will of Governor Gace,
who, preferring not to sign the bill should
it come before him and fearing to veto It.
is anxious that it be hung up in committee
or in the Legislature. Halston's attitude
is in line with this policy and directly at
variance with the' letter and spirit of the
resolutions passed at the last miners' con
vention and at the recent meeting of tho
executive committee of that body.
At the meeting: of the executive com
mittee, which was held since the Liegia
lature opened, it was resolved that every
honorable means should be used to carry
through the Legislature the miners'
measures now before it.
The most important of all these is the
appropriation bill. In anticipation of the
passage .of such a bill Congressman
Woods, after a hard fight in committed,
had Congress remove the restrictions from
the first $500,000 so as to make it immedi
ately available. When this was done
there was a sentiment among- a good
many which showed a disposition to usn
the $500,000 and by declining to approprlata
the extra $300,000 force the Federal Gov
ernment to. put up the full amount Itself
in order to save the whole, but the en
gineers have grasped the situation and
Colonel W. . H. Keuer has declared be
fore the Committee on Mining,. and open-i
ly, .that not one shovel of earth will be
turned over until the State has her full
half of the $300,000 appropriated.
It has been contended that the im
pounding plan is a. river and harbor im
provement, butithe Government engineers
look at it differently. They say the riv
ers are - changing, clearing themselves,
now; that hydraulic mining has been re
stricted, and that the impounding dams
are , solely for the benefit of the miners.
The rivers do not need . the dams, the
miners do. . There will be a meeting of tho
Committee on Mines again to-morrow,
which Lieutenant Governor Neff . the Nes
tor of the»California miners, will attend. 1
There will also be several of the Senators
from the. mining districts present and aa
attempt will be made. to secure a favor-
MANY AKE FBOZEN TO ,
DEATH , IN THE. NORTH
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 22.— The steajn
<ehlp Dolphin brings news that the Alas
kan blizzard continues. Many have been
frozen to. death. On the night of January
14 four persons were picked up inSkas
uay. Regular, patrols were organized to
save the lives cf persons overcome by the
cold. The bodies of two men frozen stiff,
were found In the streets of Douglas City
The cold caused doits at- Dawson to ¦ go
mad. Gangs of ; T.ien were sent into the
streets with guns to kill them. The White
Pass and Yukon Railroad Is still snow
blocked. Three hundred travelers are
storm-bound at Skasuay. The wind there
blew ninety, miles an hour for three dava
Fire . at . Dyea last week destroyed two
dozen bulldinss. The loss is $100 000
A question: I. would' like t to ask the presi
dent of our university in case we in our wis
dom do not grant the money • to -carry • on
that institution.- what then? .
Mr. Wheeler— That institution would not <Je
cey or be broken down. I would go right out
into the State and ask men to contribute out
of their- prii-ate purses. It Is going to be
given us. We have gone along on bare ground
so long that I as president of the I university
would feel I would not be Justified In doing
anything else but appeal to the State. But
I do not say this to encourage the State to
shirk its responsibility. ¦
•
first institutions of the country, and I could
not say a dollar to him, I had to talk to
him of the university's future possibilities, its
worth and what a grand chance there would
be in California. That argument counted, and
tho man stayed here, . because he believes in
the future of the university. He knows as
well as I know that- no university, was ever |
throttled, no university was ever ruined be- ]
cause of the demand for its rights. There will ;
be Borne way to make that grand Institution
what It should be. I dfr- not know who Is
going- to do It. I am not here to find a way, |
but I know there are means. We have got
our money for the years past, and we haven't
a cent more than that— no more than .we had
when there were 14C0 students at . the univer
sity. We are going: along in the 'same way.
I know we shall be taken care of. You Call
fornians don't want to be mean about things
of Oils kind. "We will go ahead and do the
work, and you must look out for us.
We need a -library. The position in which
the professors stand demands that they have
the best library there, more than anywhere.
We have S0.0OO volumes; Harvard has 575,000.
Stanford increased 17,000 volumes last year.
We have almost two students to Stanford's
one. We need a library building, and It will
be prepared, I trust, by private generosity be
fore long. ¦ I' don't contemplate, anything lesa
than $2,000,000 for it We have this year 6pent
$3600 for now, books; we ought „• to . have; - ha.l
$13,000 to Bj>end,for that purpose.
We want to flttout an experimental dairy:
and nothing less' than $15,000 or |I0,000 should
be offered forvthis purpose. > >. s ¦ »¦*¦ i . w
We want to carry On the university ex
tension work.- The university* at Chicago uses
$14,000 annually fdr University "extension. We
ought to have for .that purpose $10,000. We
want to start a department of irrigation. We
want' a department . In forestry. We want to
add to the equipment at the Lick Observa
tory. We ought to do something for forestry-
I believe we could start our forestry work on
a* solid basis for. J10.000. ,
¦ Other departments of the university need to
be quickened, strengthened and enlarged. In
the department . of -chemistry In .the last fif
teen yt-ars the number of students, haB grown
eleven fold, the number of teachers threefold.
We need more Instructors in the mechanical
and electrical engineering department. We
need another teacher- of , Spanish and more
teachers in the German department.
We want to start a school of architecture.
•Mrs. Hearst is going to start the building of
the new university under the Benard plans
and she expects to start it Just as soon as
the working plans can be prepared.
But let us not mix the two things. Do not
let us ask her to give the money for tho
buildings and to look out for the educational
side also. She wants to co-operate with the
State to make the university architecturally
the greatest in the United States, yes, the
greatest In Anglo-Saxondom.
We expect to enlarge our department of Ju
risprudence. We • want to expand our miner
alogy and geology. departments. You believe
as I do .that every cent expended on the de
partment of mining or agriculture has come
back fivefold to the State. Every one knows
it that knows anything of the services of
these departments. — '
¦ If you will study the roll of the students
at Berkeley you will find one out of five the
non or daughter of a farmer; one -of -ten the
son or daughter of a laborer. Seven and one
half per cent tomo from the families of clerks
in the employ of others by the week. Tho de
mand for education we find here in California
greater than anywhere in tho country. Thts
demand shows that the people of California
are not different from what you expect them
to be when you know of the 'pioneers here
before them. They do not want their ' chil
dren to be brought up In mediocrity. .Their
daughters and sons shall have a chance with
everybody, and that • institution stands there
to meet that demand of the peoplei of the
. State of California." I thank you very much.
"I have been told that It is all a fight
Bznong the Commissioners — that two of
them combined and ignored the third, and
the oitp ignored -was Truman. Now. Tru
man is a personal fneirJ of mine, but if ho
wants an investigation his place- is here.
"We cannot know whether the commis
eior.'s work fs completed and until- it is
•we cannot even cc-nsure it for delav in
filing vouchers. Evcrv public servant
should be called to account for every dol
lar sperft. but we must give these men
reasonable time to close their, accounts.
"I have here letters 2nd papers from an
egn.t in Los Angelas of one of the Com
missioners, Major I5tn Truman, urging
investigation. If he Is so anxious about
It why is he not here to assist us Instead
of traveling: abroad somewhere among the
isles of Greece?
"We are here for the transaction of
business, and unless Mr. Johnson or &orne
one can point out chargres of misappro
priation of funds, malfeasance in office or
something specific this resolution should
be defeated. No specific . time is fixed In
the act creating the commission at which
vouchers must be filed, and until those
vouchers are filed we cannot tell whether
or not the State's money was spent .for
champagne and for improper entertain
ment.
The debate that foUowed was the most
earnest that has occurred in the Assem
bly during this session. Treadwell of
San Francisco, a mc-mber of the commit
tee, bogan it. expressing surprise at the
introduction of the resolution. He said
there were no charges made in a form to
be investigated .and no opportunity for
investigation as yet. At the proper time
the commission's affaire ought to be ex
emlned, toul for the present the Assembly
had more important business In -hand
than investigations which could: havcrio
results. • ¦ " ¦¦
Schle?irjrer of San Francisco -. said.. lie,
xrasin favor of the resolution -and.-'ba
lieted the Commissioners desired investi
gation. ¦ ¦ ••• ' »*
Melfck. a member cf the Committee on
Comm!i=Flons and Kxnonditures, opposed
the resolution. He said:
Resolved, TTiat th<» Commltte* on Commissions
«n<i Public Exppnaloirw be and it Is hereby dl
reoteil to fully and thoroughly Investigate the
transarUfmi- of the California Commission to
tfc<? Paris ExpoFiUon, including all expendi
tures ma«3e by them and also including the
award of medals to California exhibitors and
ejl matters connected therewith and to com
mence said investigation immediately and pros
ccutf the same to as ?j^edr a r »nclu?ion as
possible and to report to the Assembly fully the
testimony by them taken and their conclusions
*r.d recommendation* in reference thereto.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jar.. 22.— The affairs of the Cali
fornia Paris Commissiou are to be investi
gated in spite cf th« reluctance of the
Committee on Commissions and Expendi
tures to undertake it. Disregarding the
committee's recent rf-pj-t that there could
be no inve*nig-ation since nothing in the
art creating the commission placed a time
limit upon the filing of vouchers, the As
sembly aaop-tcd this ai^rning a resolution
directing- the committee to proceed with
an Investigation. Members of the com
mittee protested, bdt the Gage men wouid
rot be denied and opposition was overrid
den. .
Grove L. Johnsnn offered the resolution,
which was as follow'-: »
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO,' Jan. ; 22.— The Senate Committee
on Elections has seated W.B. Lardner of
Placer, whose election was being con
tested by Ben P. Tabor. Lardner won by
ctic vcte'and all Tabor's efforts were di
rected toward a recount.- lie -was lured
into- the- making of < affidavits, however,
and they were his undoing. .
The committee decided to hear the affi
davits on both sides and when -these had
been read a process "of elimination was
commenced.... Every claim made by Ta
bor which he demanded was allowed him.
Every claim Lardner made was allowed.
Then those from which each receded after
argument were thrown out. and Lardner'a
claims were reduced" to' what Tabor
would allow him. Then it was discovered
that Lardner, was still four or five votes
In the lead and -he was • declared, elected.
Had there been any claims of- fraud it Is
probable the ' committee would ; have
counted. the , ballots, but: there was no
clarm of fraud, so the contest was settled
,b>* the ¦ affidavits. *"J."lwin Bi fil B JUJ)» I UiftlL
davits Which Prove His
Undoing.
Tabor Is Lured Into Making Affi-
LIEB EXPl^AINSV- -
V V ; %THI^ STAFFORD - BILLS
Chairman of Trustees Appears Before
'-. ;* Senate Committee on.' V. ••¦•.•
,' Judiciary. ''. :'.;*. r i-
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, *SACRA-
MpNXp;-:jan. 22.-S.F. Licb, chairman of
th.e; board: of trustees of Stanford*Univer
sity... was ' before .: the i Senate Judiciary
Committee yesterday to speak for thcblll
exempting. 'from taxation bonds held'.'-by
the^urilverslty.. Mr. -Lleb explained that, if
the* bonds held "In trust- by, the 'university
were -taxed, •• the. trustees -would' be driven
to the expedient of investing in non-taxable
bonds 'ana that the 'State would* gain- noth
ing* by.- the transaction, while .the. univer
sity: would, lose the opportunity 'for better
investment, .r' ¦-•:;' •-• t < c-r ..-!,¦ „¦- -^ ¦-.,,.^
Mx. » I>leb - explained j that there was j no
Intention of asking -for. the exemption of
real property not used by the university,
an explanation he thought was necessary
in view: of. the-fear.that the. grain lands of
Trinity and Tehama* counties would be res
lieved of': the burden" -only "to ; have it
thrown on the remainder of the -county.
He declared .that no such' intention has
been or will" be In the minds of the trus
tees. Mr. Lieb.also spoke of tho bill to
allow. the institution to -incorporate, ex
plaining-the.-necessities for such a course
in order that its endowment and its in
come might ibe assured. That bill, how
ever, was' not before the committee and
the explanation was given only because
opportunity to enlighten the Senators of
fered. . .
SENATE COMMITTEE
SEATS W. B. ILABDNER
- -: -** — ¦ ¦ frh-rtrfflhwiiiM^i i . n •
"Personally. 1. do not care if the Commis
sioners gave ; banquets rivaling--, those of
Lucullus. Personally I do not care if tKey
caused champagne to flow,, in the streets
'pf. Paris like- Waters Personally I do not
if they. .increased the salary of their
"secr<«tary tnom $200 to SCOOt. per month
•without any reason -whatever. Personally
tT.clo not carg.'JK tbeyJncceaged the.sniary
list <jJ attache^ to/JSWK) per month; because
I am In favoY of.spending money liberally.
Spending- it likevwater. Personally I 'do
"not care if the ¦ Commissioners usurped
the functions of -the United' States Min
ister to France and caused their carriage
to be placed ahead'of his, only third from
-that of the President of France: ¦:..
" "Personally I do not care whether they
have returned a cent .of the appropriation
or will return a cent. It is not my money,
and personally I do not care much what
became of it. but I - do believe* that the
people of. California do care a"ntl that they
want an investigation. The weak and
puerile argument is used against this res
olution jthat vouchers have not been filed.
Honest people. file vouchers. These people
are honest men, no doubt, and will file
vouchers, and possibly have not done so
because Major Truman has not returned.
Possibly he Is sailing: over the Adriatic
now or- -speeding- over the Atlantic with
his pockets full of vouchers."
Continuing, Johnson opposed the substi
tute because its adoption would mean. a
delay of twenty days. The substitute was
voted down.. „ . . .
. Mellck offered an amendment providing
for the appointment of a special commit
tee for t*\e investigation, saying that Mr.
Johnson and some of those who were urg
ing- investigation ought to be placed upon
it. The amendment was defeated, and the
original resolution was carried by a strong
affirmative vote, the noes being relatively
few.
"Reports have , not been made and
vouchers have not been- filed, though two
of the Commissioners have long since re
turned, and according to Mr. Melick the
third. Major Truman, is sporting- around
the -isles of Greece, listening- perhaps to
the songs of the sirens that have brought
other good' men to grief.
"The question is." paid Johnson, "have
they properly expended $116,000 of the
State's money? It they have they should
be willing to have their acts investigated.
Johnson desired to close the argument
and would not speak until every one else
had finished. He began by saying that
the newspapers were teeming with charses
against the California Paris CommisslTO,
and an investigation, was due. .
"Well, two of the Commissioners have
been back for two months," was Brown's
reason.
Fisk of San Francisco was decidedly in
favor of an investigation, and offered a
substitute resolution which contained the
additional requirement that demand be
made upon the commission to have all Its
reports and copies of all vouchers filed
with the investigating committee within
twenty days.
Brown of San Mateo was in favor of
investigation but opposed the amendment,
claiming that there had been ample time
for the filing of vouchers.
"When did the exposition close?" asked
Mellck. .
"I do not know," confessed Brown.
"Then how do you know there has been
ample time?" Meilck asked.
to defend his own acts and assist us to go
to the bottom of this matter."
PARIS COMMISSION
TO BE INVESTIGATED
Johnson's Resolution Referring Matter to
Committee Adopted.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
rlous. States was before the Senate Judi
ciary Committee this afternoon. Ex-'
Senator D. L. Withlngton of 'San ,Dlego
appeared to speak for the bill, but there
was considerable opposition to it shown
and so action upon it waa postponed un
til an attempt to amend it into a shape
acceptable to the committee could be'
made.- ' The bill is -the* work of a commis
sion to harmonize the laws of the differ
ent States. This same bill is being intro
duced in many of the Legislatures.
The Assembly Committee on Highways
has agreed to report favorably upon tne
bill appropriating $30,000 for the construc
tion of a road from Folsom to Sacramento
orv condition that Sacramento would "pay
CALL HEADQUARTERS," SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 22.— President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler addressed the members of
tho Senate and Assembly this afternoon
on the needs of the University of Cali
fornia. He spoke for forty '¦' minutes,
tcuching with eloquence upon the present
Imperative needs of . the institution and
the hope of its future expansion.
Ostensibly he was addressing 1 a joint
meeting of the committees on education*
the Senate Committee on Revenue "and
Taxation, and' the Assembly .Ways and
Means Committee. As a matter of fact,
nearly the entire body of Senators and
Assemblymen were present, and a large
number of citizens had seats in tho gal
lery. Dr. Wheeler was given an ovation
v/hen he was introduced by Speaker Pen
dleton, and frequent applause was ac
corded his .address. \
The primary object of President Wheel
er's visit was to confer with Governor
Gage, 1 the hope being felt by frienda of
the university that by such means meas
ures could be agreed upon •which would
render more substantial aid to the uni
versity. The illness of the Governor's
better distributed throughout the State. The
institution Is not a private institution; it ¦ be
longs to all of you; It belongs to the whole
State,--if anything belongs to the whol* State,
ip . tho matter of money that we have had
tdS*pend, I can say that In the last year. Rood
olrt fashioned economy has been practiced. I
know that there are single instances that can
.be pointed out that do not represent economy
.where -money has* not been spont to the best
advantage, but I know on the whole we have
lived down to the basis of almost extreme
poverty in the last year. Every effort has
been made to save every dollar. One of the
regents told me that he hRd come Into the
board a year - ago believing the regents -were
extravagant, . but ho knows now that not only
every dollar ¦ but every • dime is. pinched until
¦he at tlmea is Just a little ashamed of.lt.
We employ teachers for salaries lesa than
Janitors receive. .Instructors are paid (50 a
month to, work along scientific lines. "We. are
unable to keep oiir young men; they go to
other places. Perhaps it is better, they should,
because they take some or the gooU blood of
California into other Institutions. But we
are losing our strongest men because wo
haven't had the means of keeping our young
men for the last year. •
One of the best and most learned young
men we have, an-1 one of the men that Is the
pride of this institution, the pride of Berke
ley, came to me' a few weeks ago, and told
me he had been called to the i head of a de
partment the same ae his own in one of the
President Wheeler Says If State Does Not Contribute He Must
i Seek Aid From Individuals. v
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - •
Special Dispatch to The Call. "
UNIVERSITY HAMPERED
BY SCARCITY OF FUNDS
bill providing that eight hours a day shall
be the limit on all State contracts, except
in cases of flood or lire or other emerg
ency.
Burnett introduced a bill providing for
the establishment of an industrial homo
for adult blind and the appropriation of
5C5.000 for its support. The bill further
provides that the making of brooms,
brushes, harness, doormats, baskets, mat
tresses, dusters and mops be taught,
among other things, and provided that the
products shall be sold only to the State
and to municipalities. -The Institution is
already in existence, and the purpose
of the bill is to regulate the trades taught.
Two bills introduced by Nutt allow the
assessor to include the school tax, based
upon the levy of the year before, to be
added to the regular levy on the first as
sessment, in order to insure the collection
of that tax."
Taylor submitted a bill knocking out the
Code Commission.
Welch introduced a bill providing for
the appropriation of $50,000 to assist San
Francisco in making a cut through the
hill on Folsom street, between Rlpley and
Crescent avenue, the work to be under
the control of the city.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEXTO, Jan. 22.— A message
from the Assembly announcing
that the House had refused to
adopt joint rule 23. referring to
the finality of the report of a. Committee
on Fres Conference as submitted by tho
Senate, and had amended it to the rule
allowing any number of free conference
committee?, was received. The Senate re
fused to accept the amendment of the As
sembly and refused to recede, from the
rule as originally agreed upon by the joint
committee. . ¦ •¦ .
Hoey introduced a bill providing that
captains, lieutenants, sergeants and regu
lar officers of police" shall be required to
serve on duty not more than eight hours
a day, except in case of Ylot or other
<merpency, when every member of the
department shall be on duty as long as
necessary.
Tyrroll of Pan. Francisco submitted a bill
providing that in a suit for liability any
one having the power to direct or control
another employe is not a fellow- servant,
but a superior. Tyrrell also introduced a
Senate Refuses to. Accept Amendment Of
fered by Assembly. >;
FREE CONFERENCE
IS UNSETTLED
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 22.— The fol
- lowing resolution*, relative to the
location of. mineral oil lands as
agricultural lands were introduced
by Senator Rowell:
•Whereas, There is now pending In the La.s-1
Department at Washington. D. C. numerous
applications of persons Making to locate the
oil mineral lands of this State in lieu of agri
cultural lands contained In various reserva
tions, pursuant to the act of June 4. l»«. and
whereas, bona fide locators of t-aid land* as
mineral lands have contested such application
to select said oil lands under said act. and
whereas, the mineral locator* and miners en
gaged in the development of oil lands in this
State have developed an "Industry of great Im
portance and value to this State and to Its
people, and whereas, most, if not all. ©f said
applications to select said lands wereA made
after they were well known to be oil mineral
lands and to fraudulently acquire said lands
as agricultural lands, and said matters hav
ing been investigated before Judge
H. M. Ross. Judge of the Ninth Circuit Court.
Southern District of California, and by him
adjudged as to the matters before him to be
fraudulent and void applications for the selec
tion of eald oil lands as lieu lands, and
whereas, said matters are pending for con
sideration and dectslon before the •honorable
Secretary of the Interior at Washington, I>. C,
and we believe that said attempted selections
of oil mineral lands as lieu lands under said
FRAUDS IN OIL
LAND CLAIMS
Rowell Introduces Joint Resolution Bearing
Fully on the Matter.
act of June *. 1837. are palpably fraudulent and
that »aid attempt at locations In most in
stances were made and accepted only upon tha
filing of fal?e affidavits In connection there
with and believing that the acquiring: of title
to Mid lands as agricultural lands under Mid
act would b» a gross fraud, an injustice to ta«
miners of this State and the r~rsons who Have
actually developed the valuable character of
Bald lands, and would, as we believe. «ncmnt
to a fraud upon the Government of the united
States, therefore be it
Resolved. That the said honorable Secretary
of the Interior is hereby requested and urs«d
to fully and thoroughly investigate «ald mat
ters on behalf of the -Government of the tnltei
States, and to thoroughly and carefully ex
amine into the truth »nd honesty of th« ap
plications made to select rain lands as agri
cultural lands, and he 1» hereby requested to
take all necessary steps on behalf of the Gov
ernment of the United States to fully examine
Into said matters and ascertain If frauds hav ?
been committed in the attempted selection c 8
eald mineral land* as agricultural lands. **r. :
if the name be adjudged to have been fraud
ulent, as we feel and believe them, to be. then
we request the said Secretary of the Interior
to use all lawful ways and means to prerent
the consummation of «ald attempted fraudu
lent selection of said lands.
¦ Resolved. That the secretary of the Senate
and the chief clerK of the Assembly are- In
teracted to immediately transmit these reso
lutions by telegraph to the Secretary of the
Interior.
WHEELER'S STRONG PLEA FOR THE UNIVERSITY
4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY- 23, 1901.
WHEELER, AND OTHERS AS- S£EN BY A CARTOONIST.
.Dr. Redwell relates an interesting ac-
count of what he considers a remarkabU
case of acute troublo and chronio
dyspepsia by the use of the new discov-
ery, Stuart's r>yspepsia. Tablets.
He says: "The patient was a man who
had suffered, to my knowledge, for year*
with dyspepsia. Bverythlns he ate seemed
to sour and create gases in the stamaclt.
He had pains like rheumatism in tho
back, shoulder blades and limbs, fullness
and distress after eating, poor appetite
and loss of flesh; the heart became af-
fected, causing palpitation and sleepless-
ness at nlfrht.
"I. gave him powerful nerve tonics and
blood remedies, but to no purpose. As
an experiment. I finally bought a 60-cent
package of Stuart's Etyspepsia. Tablets at
a drug store and gave them to him. Al-
most immediate relief was given, and af-
ter he had used four boxes he was to all
appearances fully cured.
"There was . no more acidity or soar,
watery risings, no bloating after meals,
the appetite was vigorous and he had
gained between ten and twelve pounds In
weight of soltd healthy, flesh. *:
"Although Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
are advertised and sold In drug. stores,
yet I consider ihem a most valuable ad-
dition to any physician's line of remedies
as they are perfectly harmless and can be
given to children or invalids or In any
condition of the stomach, with perfect
safety, being harmless and containing
nothing but fruit and vegetable essences,
pure pepsin and Golden Seal.
'Without any question they aro tha
safest, most effective cure for indigestion
biliousness, constipation and all derange-
ments of the stomach, however slight or
severe." #
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are made by
the F. A. Stuart Co. of Marshall. Mich .
and are sold by druggists everywhere at
60 cents per package.
"Little book on stomach diseases mailed
free. Address F. A, Stuart Co., Marshall,
Mich. . ,-.,. ."j.. : ,-,--.
A New Discovery, but Mot a Patent
• Medicine.
Instantly Believed and Permanently
Cured by Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets.
INTENSE SUFFERING
FSOM DYSPEPSIA AHD STOMACE
. TEOUBLE.
< DR. CROSSM AIM'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fop tho Care of Gonorrhoea, Gleets.
Strictures and analogous complaints
. o< ths Organs of Generation. •'
Price $1 a bottle. For eila ty 4rufi!j'jL
ADVERTISEMENTS.During 1 the - present : cold and grip - season
thirty-nve thousand two •. hundred . and eighty
boxes of Laxative . Bromo-Qntnlna have been
purchased by . the : folio wicg ; wholesale drqg
houses of Boston: Giiman Bros.' and Eastern
Drag Co. ' • '
How It Goes in Boston.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.— A comprehen- ;
slve plan for the irrigation of the arid
lands of the West without ultimate cost
to the Federal Government was outlined
to-day to the Committee" on Irrigation of
Arid Lands by Representative Barham-
Representative Barham retires from Con
gress at the close of the present session
and he did not ask action to-day upon
any definite measure of legislation. He
simply gave the committee the benefit of
fcls thought and study upon the princi
ples which- should govern Congress when
the policy of Irrigation Is taken up. He
declared It should be done by the Federal
Government upon a broad scale and ap
propriated for by a system of continuing
contracts, like the river and harbor im
provements. The cost of work could then
be charged from time to time to the own
ers of lands at a rate of perhaps seventy
five* cents an acre for private holders. and
$1 an acre for. the railways. The finances
of the project could be so adjusted as not
to impose sudden and excessive ' burdens
upon landholders, but provide for gradual
compensation to the Government ; for Its
expenditures upon some such plait as that
adopted -by the ¦ Russian Government ; in
buying lands from nobles for serfs 'when
the latter were liberated In 1S61. - " :'.- ¦-¦
Judge Barhaci ( thought a careful survey
should first be required from the geologi
cal survey which would only the
. co-ordination and summing up * of • work
upon which they had already been long
i engaged. The work could then ; be taken
up in sections and pushed as rapidly -as
the policy of the Government and the ad
vice of competent engineers should dic
tate. ¦."¦¦ :-¦: -. — •; - - . *;
Judge Barham declared that under this
system it would not be necessary to issue
bonds, but the amounts necessary to " be
spent from year to year could b^ appro
priated from the treasury. The total cost
might reach $500,000,000, but would proba
bly be spread over more than a single
genera tlonJSGHnHMWBHBBBHMIBBta
Representative Barham Proposes a
Scheme .Whereby the Work Could
Be Best Accomplished.
PLAN TO PBOVTDE FOB
IBBIGATION OF ABID LANDS
Fatal Accident. Occurs at Ohio Falls
KILLED BY EXPLOSION.
Iron "Works.
NEW ALBANY. Ind., Jan. 22.— One man
was killed and five others were injured
by the explosion of a boiler at*the Ohio
Falls Iron -Works here to-day. The prop
erty Io3S is about $10,000. The dead: Mor
ton, FInley .-^colored. The injured: John
if rgan (colored). Peter Wagner, William
Jones, William Stephens, James Stllllngs.
BBYA1T MAY SPEAK
BEFOBE HOUSE COMMITTEE
Will Be Invited to Address the Mem
bers, Giving His Views on the _
Monetary Question.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 22.— At the request
of the Democratic members of the House
Committee on Coinage, Weights and
Measures, W. J. Bryan will be invited to
give his views on the monetary situation
and on the Hill-Levy bills, to make
money metals interchangeable and to pre^
vent the further coinage of sliver dollars,
which propositions are before the com
mittee.
The committee to-day heard Represen
tative Fowler of New Jersey and Henry
W. Pea body of the Boston Chamber of
Commerce. Fowler held, that all silver
dollars should be recolned Into subsidiary
coins and all one-dollar silver certificates
should be called In. He said silver dol
lars were unhandy and paper dollars un
sanitary. • -
Peabody supported the proposition to
make sliver dollars redeemable In gold.
. ' ¦ ' -'.,.- . * — : —
Porto Bico to Float a Loan. J
SAN JUAN*,;. Jan. 22.— The House has
passed a bill authorizing the Treasurer to
float a" loan' "of . $3,000,000 in the United
States and Europe. The funds thus raised
will v be leaned by the Government to
planters to relieve agricultural depression-
Banana Crops Buined.
I KINGSTON, Jamaica, Jan. 22.— The ter
rible rains continue to do great damage
to banana fields. -
SCRANTON. Pa., Jan. 22.— Frank Jann
sen. a barber of South Scranton. went
borne Crunk this morning from a ball, and
in a Quarrel with his wife threw, a lighted
lamp at her. The bed was 'Ignited and
their seven-year-old boy barnea to death.
Mrs. Jannsen was probably fatally
burned. Her lister, i Maggie McDonald,
was seriously burned. The house was de
stroyed. Jannsen is under arrest.
SEVEN"- YEAB-OLD BOY
IS BTJBNED TO DEATH
CRAMPS GAIN A POINT.
House Permits the Finn to Sue in the
Court of Claims.
¦ WASHINGTON. Jan. 22.— The House to
day passed the bill to send to. the Court
of Claims the items of Cramp & Sons,
amounting to something over J1.SM.00Q, for
alleged damages due to the company on
account of the failure of the Government
to promptly, furnish armor plate and oth
er materiar used in the construction of
the New York. Columbia, Massachusetts
and Indiana. The claim has been promi
nently before Congress for several years.
The Senate bill to extend the placer
mining laws to saline lands was passed
I after a rather spirited debate.
A special rule was adopted for the con
sideration of the bill- to promote the effl
ciency cf the revenue cutter service after
the disposal of the bill for the revision
of the postal law. The District of Colum
bia appropriation bill was taken up, and
seme progress was made with it.
WASHINGTON", Jan. 22.— Soon after the
Senate convened to-day Gallinger. chair
man of the Committee on Pensions, made
an effort to secure consideration of un
objected private pension bills. Objection
was made to his request for an hour's
time for that purpose and subsequently,
when he asked that the Senate hold a ses
sion to-morrow evening to consider pri
vate pension bills, objection was made by
Pettlgrew.
Thurston. chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, reported the Indian ap
propriation bill and it was placed on the
calendar.
Chandler, chairman of the Committee on
Privileges and Elections, favorably re
ported a concurrent resolution providing
that the two houses of Congress assemble
in the hall of the House of Representa
tive-" on Wednesday, February 13, at 1
p ni.. for the purpose of counting the
vote cast for President and Vice President
of the United States. '*
The President of the Senate is to pre
side over the Joint assemblage. The re
sult Is to be delivered him and he is to
announce the state of the vote and the
persons elected to the two houses. The
resolution was adopted.
Tillman caused to be read a letter from
Dr. Octavius A7 White of New York, ten
dering to the Senate a painting by his
father. John Blake White, of the battle of
Fort Moultrie. Just six days before the
Declaration of Independence. About two
years ago Dr. White donated to the Sen
ate three old historic paintings by his :
father.
A resolution accepting the tender of the
paintings and extending the thanks from
the Senate to the donor was offered, but
on objection it went to the calendar.
Penrose and Martin were appointed
I nrexnbers of the Board of Visitors to the
! Naval Academy at Annatwlls.
Consideration of the legislative appro
priation bill was resumed. Jones of
Arkansas offered an amendment authoriz
ing the Attorney General to empioy an
Assistant Attorney General to represent
the Government before a committee of
Congress In cases involving claims against
the United States. The iwoposed amend
ment aroused considerable opposition.
Chandler fighting It vigorously. It was
still pending when" the bill was laid aside
for the <iay and the Senate adjourned.
Will Canvass the Ballots
Cast for President and
Vice President.
TWO HOUSES TO
COUNT THE VOTES
It was rumored to-day that General
Miles had been Informed that he could
have the nomination j provided he agreed
to Immediatelyvretire, but thi3 report was
emphatically denied by officials in a po
sition to know. It is admitted even by
General Miles' enemies that he stands
the best chance of securing the nomina
tion and General Miles does not appear to
be alarmed over the possibility that he
will not be given it. The creatlon'of the
grade of lieutenant general does not nec
essarily renuire General Miles' appoint
ment. Nwhlle the provision regarding, the
adjutant general makes It mandatory
upon the President to nominate Corbln.
On behalf of Corbin 't is stated that Gen
eral Miles had . ample opportunity to
amend the bill: in fact, he appeared be
fore the committees of the House and
Senate and advocated Its \ passage, snsr
gestlng' no change in the provision relat
ing to lieutenant general.
Adjutant General Coibln, It 1st stated
by close personal friends, does not as
pire to be lieutenant general, but Major
General J. R. Brooke and Major General
E. S. Otis, both of whom retire before
General Miles, have. It is said, presented
their claims for the President's considera
tion.
WASHINGTON*. Jan. 22.— Major Gener
al X. A. Miles, who. as senior- officer of
his grade, holds by law the rank of lieu
tenant general, will proDably be appointed
lieutenant general of the army under the
reorganization act now pending in Con
gress, although he will have brisk oppo
sition.
Both Are Anxious to Be
V Named Lieutenant Gen
eral of the Army.
QIIS AND BROOKE
OPPOSE MILES
The dam across thu'Gila is expected not
only to supply the Indians of San Carlos
reservation, of whom there are about 4000.
but to furnish water for the irrigation
of much valuable land outside the Indian
reservation. It is considered essential to
the support of the Indians.
Tour committee believes that the Indian
schools of the country should be made as ef
ficient as possible, and that where additional
facilities are needed the Department of the
Interior shotlld be enabled to provide them.
and your committee has acted on that idea in
providing fund for that purpose.
There are several amendments affecting
Indian schools and of these the report
says :
The Question cf capitalization of the annui
ties of the Indian tribes Is a matter that has
b«ea considered for some time, not only by
the committee but by the Secretary of the
Interior and the Commission of Indian Af
fairs as well. Believing; that such a departure
should be inaugurated as will definitely fix
the amount due to each tribe under the pro
visions of treaties providing for annuities,
your committee has thought It best to- capital
ize the annuities due the tribes of Indiana
designated in the bill.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 22.— The Senate
Committee on Indian Affairs to-day made
its report on the Indian bill. The com
mittee recommends the increase of the
total appropriation to the extent of $375.-
OCO, making a total of $3.S70^2?. In their
report. the committee say:
Committee on Indian Affairs
Makes Its Report to
the Senate.
APPROPRIATION
IS INCREASED
The theater will be rebuilt. Mr. Sothern
announces that he expects to meet his
at Detroit as usual.
It is estimated that the lessees. Rain
forth & Havelln. had an interest in the
huiicinjr representing their outlav in fit
ting it up. amounting to J30.000 or J40.0Q0.
The principal lasers in the Butler build
ir.g are the American ¦ Engraving Com
pany; Achert & Henkel Engraving Com- ]
pany, who occcpy the upper floor; the
Hruner Woolen Company, on the next
floor; S. Rosenthal, printer: Proctor *&
Ooliiru advertising: Max Wocher &. Son;
Rauch iz Goldsmith and S. Silver, opti
cian. The loss to the greater number of
these is from water. The Ilson Music
Company report a loss of C5.0U0. The loss
on the others will probably reach ST5.000 to
V. *¦"'". There was no Insurance on the
Grand Op^ra-house building, on which the
loss is S2-.O.00I}. Mrs. Charles P. Taft is the
owri«>r.
A- !ate a& Is) o'clock the upper part of
the Vine-street fide way burning. This
, . •' the bui'dir.g was occupied by the
Cincinnati Gyrxriaisium. which bad a. cost
ly <-;uipinent. Adjoining the rear of the
opera-house, separated by an alley, was
the large Butler building. The lire en
tered this at the upper stories and the
roof, and the two upper floors of that
building were practically destroyed. The
upper portion of the Gift engine-house,
which adjoins the Butler building, was
seriously damaged by fire.
ilr. Sothern estimates his loss at $50,000.
His ccirpar.y was compelled to reach the
£*re< ts c:a.d in their costumes and to lose
tr.i= greater portion of their personal
tJT-c'-.« left in the theater.
Without further order or suggestion or
advice one cf the cso-t remarkable scenes
ever -witnessed In a crowded auditorium
took rlace. it wr2 - s as ** tae whole situa
tion had fce«a revealed to every person
ir. the hou?e. and without a single shout
or anytnin? «ise indicating a leader dls
i*»r*^.: of tre audience b«?ga.n and Was
carried out with as much order and com
poscre U if no such thine as a fire had
**-.-«• be*>n known. In the lower part of
tnt house the abundant passage of Vine
street g^ve an easy egress to the greater
part o: the audience. A large number
seated near the orchestra, were assisted by
:iie actors and actresses to mount the
f^Lge and to cake their exit by the stage
Coot, on Long-worth stre«t.
CINCINNATI. Jan. 22.— The Grand
Opera-house \ras to-r.igfct totally de
stroyed by fire except for its stanch outer
walls. The play set for the night was
""HsumleV by tae E. H. Sothern Coin
rx=y. Owing to its great length the play
begaa at 7:45 p. n. The house was
packed with a fcri^iant audience. The
£rst act ha.d been £nishe<l. and In the sec
end air. Sothern, acting the part cf Hani
let, had spoken but a few lines when a
slight disturbance was observed iu the
orchestra, seats about the fourth row
from the orchestra, on the south side of
the center aisle. It was caused by a
slight issue cf smoke at that point. An
usher went down the aisle and <juieily
asked the people to be seated, saying
there xras nothing wrong. Mr. Sothern at
this point stepped to the Croat cf the stage
and also assured the audience that every
thing •was all right. To further remove
apprehenrion Mr. Bothers resumed his
part, but before he had spoken two ISies
the saoke issued in such volumes th-t
there ¦was a spontaneous movement of Ine
people In its vicinity.
NEXEON AND CLAPP.
Will Represent Minnesota in the
United States Senate.
ST. PAUL. Jan. 22.— The two houses of
the Legislature voted to-day, in separate
session for long and short term Senators.
the former for the seat now filled oy
TRENTON, N. J., Jan. 22.— United
States Senator "William J. Sewell was to
day elected by the New Jersey Legisla
ture on separate ballot to succeed himself
as United States Senator. He received 45
votes in the House to 13 for former Con
gressman A. A. Clark, who was decided
upon as the choice ¦ of the Democrats In
their caucus this morning. General Sew
ell received 17 votes In the Senate to 4 for
Mr. Clark.
'I&e two houses will meet to-morrow at
noon in joint session. wh«n these results
will be formally announced and Mr. Sew
ell declared elected.
From Ne-w Jerssy.
Will Succeed Himself as Senator
SEWELL AGAIN CHOSEN.
J. R, Burton is a Republican. He has
been a resident of Abilene for more than
eighteen years, and while nominally a.
practitioner of law, has been a practical
politician during that time. Mr. Burton
was born, and raised on • a farm near
Mitchell, Ind., about fifty years ago. He
5erve<i three terms in the -Kansas Legis
lature, but is best known as candidate
for the United States Senate. Six years
cgro, before the Republican caucus, he
came within one vote of securing . the
nomination, which finally went to the
man whom he will now succeed. Imme
diately after this defeat Mr. Burton
again took up the gage of battle and
began a persistent canvass, that was
kept up until his election became assured.
Mr. Burton was World's Fair Commis
sioner at Chicago in 1S93. He is one of
the best orators that Kansas has pro
duced. ? -
Will Hepresent Stats of Kansas at
TOPEKA, Kan., Jan. 22.-J. R. Burton
was to-da- elected United States Senator
to succeed Senator Baker.
Vote in Senate— Burton 30,.Overmyer S;
House— Burton 79, Overmyer 41
"Washington.
BURTON SUCCEEDS BAKER.
The vote for Senator in the House re
sulted: Bailey 110. Chilton 2, John H. Rea
gan 1. M. M. Crane 1.
In the Senate the ballot was: Bailey 29,
ex-State Senator Atloe 2.
¦ The minority stops with the exonera
tion of Mr: Bailey and the State official?,
and does not seek to denounce their crit
ics. The majority report was adopted— 107
to 2.
Company, but severely criticized those
who had seen fit to criticize Mr. Bailey
ar.d State officials.
Exonerated. From All Blame in Con-
nection With Oil Company.
AUSTIN. Tex.. Jan.* 22.— Congressman
Joseph W. Bailey was elected United
States Senator to-<iay after a long debate
in the House over the majority and mi
nority reports of the Bailey investigating
committee. The majority report exoner
ated Mr. Bailev from any moral or legal
wrongdoing in the matter of securing a
new permit for the Waters-Pierce Oil
" * _•_•__•- ••_•••** '¦¦'¦*ii < » > [-' — * — *- •?—%¦?—?—?'
BA1T.KT SUCCEEDS CHILTON.
He is now engaged in the enterprise
which promises to connect Utah and
Southern California by a direct railroad
system, in which movement he is asso
ciated with such men in the financial
world as Senator "W. A. Clark. Hen. R. C
Kerens cf St. Louis and George A. Leigh
ton cf New Hampshire.
For seven years he worked for wages as
a miner In the Ontario mine. His endur
ance and enterprise were rewarded at last
In the acquisition and development of the
Silver King, at present one of tiie greatest
silver mines In the world.
Thomas Kearns was bcra in 1S62 and
ppent his earlier years on a farm in Ne
braska, and soon thereafter turned his at
tention to mlnlnnr. making his first efforts
in the Black Hills country, from which
place he came to 1'tah and located at
Park City, when he had just attained hia
majority.
Before the result was announced Holm
grren changed from Brown to Kearns, giv
ing him the necessary nineteen votes re
quired to nominate. The nomination was
then made unanimous.
SALT LAKE. Jan. 71.— The Republican
Senatorial caucus to-night nominated
Hon. Thomas Kearns for tTnlted States
Senator. Ten ballots were taken. \
The last ballot stood: Kearns, IS;
Erown, 9: McComilck, 9; Salisbury. 1-
Railway Financier.
HepubHcrris Agree to Support the
EEARNS CHOICE OF CAUCUS.
Robert J. Garnb'e was born near Akron,
Genesee County. New York, February 7,
1S3L He is cf Scotch-Irish ancestry. In
15G he went with his parents to "Wiscon
sin. After graduating from Lawrence
University in 1S74. he studied law at Mil
waukee and was admitted to the bar. In
1S75 he moved to Tankton. Dakota, and
later was District Attorney for the Sec
end Judicial District, City Att&rney of
Yankton and State Senator. He was also
a. member of the Fifty-fourth and Fifty
sixth Congresses.
PIERRE. S. D.. Jan. 22.— In separ
ate session to-day Robert J. Gam
ble was elected to the United
States Senate to 6ucceed R. F.
Pettlgrew. The vote was as fol
lows: Senate — Gamble 3S. Pettlgrew 5;
House — Gamble 73. Pettlgrew 8.
• - »-r
Simmons Wins the Contest.
RALEIGH. N. C. Jan. 22.-Hon. F. M.
Simmons, chairman of the Senate Demo
cratic committee, was to-day elected
X'nited States Senator to succeed Marlon
Butler.
HELENA, Mont., Jan. 22.— There was no
change in the Senatorial situation to-day
except that the labor members voted for
Pelletier of Sliver Bow. The vote on joint
ballot was: Mantle 26. Pelletier 12, Ma
ginnls 11, Frank 10. Cooper 9. Conrad 7.
!>3<xdlcck in Montana.
CHETEXXE."Wju. Jan. 22.— The two
houses of the Legislature cast separate
ballots for United States Senator to-day
as follows: House— Frances E. Warren
(R.) J4. John E. Osborne (D.) 2; Senate—
"U'arren IS, Osborne 1.
Warren Is Chosen.
CHARLESTON. W. Va., Jan. ZL—The
House of Delegrates at noon to-day ballot
ed separately for United States Senator.
The Republicans in the House of Dele
gates gave Stephen B. Elkins 4t> votes;
John T. McGraw (D.) received IS. The
Senate vote is: Elkins 15. McGraw 5. •
Elkins Is Re-elected.
LITTLE ROCK. Jan. 22.— Both branches
of the Legislature balloted for United
States Senator for the term beginning
March 4 next. Senator William L. Terry
received 30 votes in the Senate and 93 in
the House. H. L. RemmeL Republican,
iecelved 2 votes In the House. The re
sult ¦will be formally declared in joint
session to-morrow.
Terry Is Selected.
SALEM. Or., Jan. S.— The first Sena
torial ballot was that taken in the Senate
to-day at 11 o'clock. The ballot resulted,
as follows: McBrlde 10. Corbett 8. scat-'
tering 10, not voting 1. absent 1.
The result of the ballot in the House
was: Corbett 20. McBnde 9. Hermann 6.
Smith (D.) 20. scattering 4. Th« two
houses will meet in joint session to-mor
row and continue to cast at least one vote
a day until a Senator is chosen. Neces
sary to a choice 46. .
Sufficient Votes.
None of the Contestants Yet Has
NO CHOICE IN OREGON.
Short term— In the Senate— Moses E.
Clapp (R> 43, Charles A Towne (D.) 17;
in the House — Clapp 32. Towne 2i.
Long term— In the Senate— Knute Nel
son «.R-> 42. Judge R. R. Nelson (D.> IS;
in'the House — Knute Xelson !H, Judge Nel
son 22.
Knute Xelson for the six years beginning
March 4 next and the latter for the place
formerly tilled by Cushman K. Davis and
extending until March 4. 1905. The ballot
resulted:
In Utah Hon. Thomas Kearns was .chosen as the caucus nominea of the Republicans. Voting con
tinues in the States of Nebraska, Montana and Oregon, no candidate yet having gained sufficient votes
for election. . , . . -
United States Senators were nam»d yesterday by the Legislatures of nine States, as follows; South
T>aiota, Bob-rt J. Gamble, Bepublican; Kansas, J. ' B. . Burton, Republican; Wyoming, Francis E. War
ren, Bepublican; Arkansas, "William I*. Terry," XJemocrat; North Carolina, F. M. Simmons, Democrat j Tex
as, J. W. Bail-y, Democrat; New Jersey, William J. Sewell, Bepublican; We«t Virginia, Stephen B. El
kins, Bepublican; Minnesota (l<mj* term), Knute Nelson, Republican; Minnesota (short term), Moses E.
Clapp, Bepublican.
Pettigrew Is Succeeded by Robert Gamble, and Bailey
Takes the Place of Chilton.
So wrought up are the whiltes that an
order has been issued allowing all citi
zens to protect theni3nlves and hundreds
of people are arming. -
The Creeks threaten that after they
have cleaned out all the Interior whlt»3
they will visit the .various towns in the
Creek nation. d.estrov them by flre and
kill the inhabitants. They have threat
. ened to kill Chief Porter and any of the
members of the Dawes Commission that
attempt to interfera with. them. Great
fear is felt for some of the commission
who are surveying and allotting lands In
that section of the c^'-Mitry.
Laptah Mekko. *..ne insurrectionary
chief of the Snake bands, has submitted
the following ultimatum to President Mc-
Kinley -
"HICKORTTOWK. Creek Capital— To
President McKinley, Washington— Sir: J
have already informed you of the matter
concerning the execution of the Creek
laws. I am now executing my laws as I
told you I would.
"LAPTAH MEKKO. Principal Chief."
The Creek jurisdiction has been trans
ferred to the United States courts' for
several years and the Scake chief's noti
fication to the President that he will exe
cute the old Creek laws is considered as
merely a message of defiance.
The chief of the warring Indians is i
half-breed. He has Just returned from
Washington and claims to carry with hlni
the authority of the President and Con
gress to run th«» Daw?s commission and
all white people out of the Territorv.
He uses this argument to gain follow
ers, who apparently place great faith In
him.
General Pleasant Porter, the chief of the
Creeks. Is in Washington, and the Indian
authorities are powerless to afford any
protection. Roley Mclntosh. who wa3
formerly second chief of the tribe, has or
ganized a band of fifty friendly Indians
and whites for mutual protection. There
have . been numerous whippings and one
man was killed near Wetumka: Wor'd
reached Marshal Bennett to-day that two
other men had been killed within the past
few days.
There are four distinct bands of these
Indians who are armed. ! They claim a
membership, including? men. women and
children, of over 5000. Their leader. Crazy
Snake, was In Chocotah yesterday pur
chasing supplies. He said that 500 full
bloods were ready to flg-ht for their old
laws and customs, and were going to op
poseto the end all efforts to deprive them
of their Independence.
The towns most affected by the uprising
are Fentress, Furess, Senora. Watson
ville. Proctor, Burney, Bald Mountain.
Bad Creek and the settlements along the
Deep Fork of the Canadian River, alto
gether embracing an area of twenty-live
miles square. Information received by
Marshal Bennett Is to the effect that while
men, women and children are fleeing from
the towns located in this district, scores
are locked up and barricaded, and the
riotous Indians are confiscating all the
good horses in the settlement. So far
there has been no report of bodily harm
to the whites.
MCSCOGEE. I. T.. Jan. "2.— Advices re
ceived by United States llarshat Bennett
to-day state that 3C0 full-blood Creek In
dians, heavily armed, are scouring the
country forty miles southwest of- here,
terrorizing the whites and trying to make
the members of their own tribe observe
the old tribal laws. Marshal Bennett was
kept well informed as to the movements
of this band of Indians, which is known
as the "snake band/; but did not believe
Federal interference necessary- Informa
tion received by him to-day, however, con
vinced him. thai he could not quell the up
rising, and he immediately telegraphed
the Secretary of War for a troop of cav
alry. A troop from Fort Reno will reach
the scene wtthin tw'enty-four hours after
receiving orders.
Chief Mekko of the Snake
Bands Sends Defiance
v to McKinley.
Whites Appeal for
Aid of Federal
Troops.
CREEK NATION
REDS DIG UP
THE HATCHET
LEGISLATURES OF NINE STATES
NAME UNITED STATES SENATORS
Actor Sotbern's Calmness
¦ Prevents Disastrous
Panic.
Large Audience Dis
perses in Good
Order.
FIRE RUINS
A CINCINNATI
OPERA-HOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1901.
5
To Prove what SWAMP-ROOT will do for YOU.
Ever>' Reader of Ths Call Hay Have a Sample
Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
The Wonderful Cur atiye Properties of Swamp-Root
TEST FOR YOURSELF
ADVERTISZ3IS2rr&
- OCZAS TBAVEL.
Pacific. Coast Steamship Co.
1. Steamers Ieav* Broadway
¦k. —¦"** -•"*" - wfcarf." 6aa Fraodseo:
fi^w Far Alaskan Ports — 11 •- m..
tS^gj^ J*=. K. K. n. F-b. S. Oiar.^»
tWRjZak' to ccm;a^j's cteaaers at Se-
3Sa3c? ja3 Fcr Victoria. V*scon-r«r CB.
CHHu^U C>. Fort Towr;«<ccl. Seattle.
f^^^^^^HHJ Tacoma. Kr»r«tt. Armeort»«.
asd New Whatcota (Wa3>_) —
" ' t. II a. n..* Jan.* 21. ». 11. Feb.
S. aad every fifth day thereafter. C£aag« a:
S»att> for this co=par.r'i steamers for Alaska
and G .X. Ry. ; at. Seattle or Ticann to N. P.
Ry.; at Vancoorer to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. , Hoir.ioldt Bay— X p. m.. Jaa IS.
23. 2S. Feb. 2. aad every fifth day thereafter.
For Ean Di»%o. stopplnsr only a: Santa Bar-
. fcara. Port Lcs Arjr-l»s aad Redondo (Let An-
C'les) — Steamer Queen. Wedneaday*. 9 a. m.:
kteamer ?acta Rosa. Fcsdays. 9 a. in.
' For Santa Cnlz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
txcoa. Port Rarford <San L'i!s Ool»po>. Carlo**.
Santa* Barbara. Ventura. K-j»r.»n». Saa Pedro.
East San Pedro (Iy» Angeles) and Newport—
Steamer Ccrona. Fridays. 3 a. ts.; fteaser
Uc-.lra. T«#rfays. 9 a. m. ., ri-
For Eoseoada. Mardaliia Bar. Sas Jos* del
Catxv Uazattan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rawlli
and Gcayman (Mo.) — 10 a. =1.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
foMers.
Tne comt>any re»erTg» the right te change
ufazsers. salttog date* and hoars of — n»». r
without nrwrlons i>nt!«.
TICKET OFFICE -4 Nrw Montgomery
street ( Palace Hotel). ' :". , :
GOODALU PKR KINS * CO.. Gen. A«t»-.
19 Market st.. Saa FranclseOL
THE 0. R. & R. CO.'
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From So*ar-stre*t Wharf 1: 1! 1 .-
C* DC $12 F»r»t Class Including Berth
innt $3 Second Class .aod Meals.
COLI^fBlA Sails... Jaa, U. 2t Fea. i
GEO. W. ELDER Sails .Jan. 13. tt
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena ¦ and * all points in the Northwest.
-Through tickets to at] points East.
E. C WARD. General Agent.
<X> Market tz.
AMERICAN LINE.
HTtT TCOX. 60XJT31X?T05. L05333. PUOi
EtOTplss; at Cherbonrr. westhooad.
From New Tork ET^ry Wednesday, ltt %. m.
V«derland .....Jan. Mi St. Louis. Feb. »
New Tcrtc Feb. «}New Tcrk......Ftb. XI
Kensington ....Feb. UjVaderlaad ....Hxrch •
RED STAR LINKi '
N«w York and Antwara.
Frota Nrw Tork Erery Wednesday. U noon.
Westcrntand ...Feb. CFrlestand Feb. IT
Kenstsgten ....Feb. USouthwark Uartil «
NoordJand Feb. 31 Westeralaad..Marca XI
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CAMP ANT.
C H A3. Dl TATLOR.
Genera! Agent Pactfie Coast. .
j ta Montgomery street.
occanics.s.co.Si^
SS. SONOMA, tar Rocotato. Sams*. New
Zealand aad Australia L „.
..... .Tcorsday. Jacoary 14. at 2 pt m.
SS. MARIPOSA «HonohJta only)... .__ -
Sa-.crlay. Febroary i ! ;. a.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.;...;.. - ¦-••
;......-..._:.. -Friday. Ftfiraary I. 4 p. m.
I LSFtESXEU fc BUS. Ct, B«nJ laaats, 127 teW Jl
DAM AM A D D s^^r^
rANAmA Hi n» line
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Reduced Cabin Fare, $75.
S.S.ST. PAUL saUs.Jansirj 29.
S. S. RQAMOXE sails Feimn 19.
From wharf, foci of Fremcnt st.. at S p. m.
Freight »=il passeng?r office. J3> Market «t.
T. F. CONNOR. Pmctga Coast Agrot.
PACITIC STXAX 5ATI9ATI0S CO. A5O
CQWA3IA ad) AXXXICA51 DS 71?023
! To Valparaiso, stopptag at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. - From, foot of Fre-
1 raoct street. Salllncr
a 3. GUATEMALA F-brBary'T. »n
g s. PALENA Febroary ». vn
fg. g. COLOMBIA ...Jlarch T. Vm
S. R TUCAPEL..-..V. Marth 2fc IX\
Tt:e«« ' steamers ar» built eipresaJy for Cen-
tral and Soath American passenger semee.
(No charge at 'Aeapnlcoer Panama.) Frelsht
ind passenger offlce. XIS California street.
* CO.. Agent*.
BAY AND BTVTEB STEAMZBS.
FOB 0 S. HAYY YARD AMD YALLEJO.
Steamer .")H«rrtIcen«.*"
MON.. Toe*.. Wei. Tnnrs. asd Sat. at i:O
a. m.. 1:15. 1:33 p. m. (ex. Than. Bight); Fr.-
d«ys. 1 P. ni. and 1:23: Sundays,. 10:39 «. tn.. •
p. m. Landl^a; and ot3c». Mt»sloa-str;et Pock.
Pier No. 1. Telephos* Mais 1303.
FAKE ....»«, .
CO. European plan. Rooms. SOc to Jl 50 day;
S3 to SS week: JS to $J> month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flre grates la every
room: elevator rurj all night. SK3SK
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STa— RE-
modeled and ~ renovated. KING. WARD A
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. 1
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG. calli=s at
Kobe (HI350). Narasakl and : Shanghai. . and
connecting at Honskons with steamers far In-
dia, etc. No carzo received on beard on dajr
or sailing. SEBBaSS&SEB
ES. HONGKONG MARIT _^__
., :.... Thursday. January :«. He.
SS. 'NIPPON* MARC... X
¦¦•' Tuesday. February 15, 13C1
SS. AMERICA MARU-...
"- -Friday." March IS. MCI
Roand-trtp " tickets at reduced rates. For
freforht and passage apply at company's of2c*.
iH. 1 Market street, corner First. • . . ¦ : • >-,...
¦';t. "W. H. AVERT. GeoeraL Acent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
. Our > methods - and ; appliances have proved, by > thousands of actual tests
to be superior to all others. -r Our Institution Is the largest and best equipped
and, our practice . the most extensive. - : --• v - • , -,*•••- '¦¦¦ . ¦ . . -
« The reputation of our Institution .ts the best. We are popular because
we cure our patients. We rained our present high standing by curing dieases
and weakness, not only In their earlier stages.' but those -which had become
chronic and dangerous by bad treatment or neglect. \ Every member of our
staff has had many, years* experience -In* hospitals, 'general practice • and as
specialists ; in- curing' ..dieasee and weakness of : men.* -. - ¦
We , have ; long ; been operating a sucrecsfu! ) home cure system. ' Private-
book for men, question list, advice; etc, free at office or by. mail. -
DR. mEYERS & CO., 731 M^n£S£ t *
ELEVATOfl EHTRAHCE. HoilTs — 8 to 5 OaKT. EveaiDgs 7 to 8j Eaidafs 9 ta ri.
"W© also cur© special . and contracted diseases, includln*; contarlous blood
poison, stricture, varicocele, hydrocele, rupture, piles, diseases of the kidney.
spine, bladder,' etc ' _ ; , • r , ,
Our remedies, which. have stood the trying test- of time, are compounded
by rraduated pharmacists In our own private laboratory. FREE , TO PA-
TIENTS.^ : . ,. ¦;¦,:= ... ..">.-; -,.;>¦* v'-rw. :--¦¦¦ ' - . ~ - -¦ ' ¦¦
Our treatment gives rim. vijjor, vi-
tality, strength and ambition to men,
young or old, married or sintrfe. rejrard-
. less of jhe cause \ of their I trouble. ¦ We
master wasting weakness, " etc., quickly
and permanently.
SUCCESSFUL
SPECIALISTS
PAINLESS
DR. £1! WALSH
tlS%, CEART STREET
Between H?ie a=i Larkis.
C0X?AS3I2 6OI2AL5 Tai53i.TL15TIQIIZ.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. rtM Z
<atl!r-r every Thnrsday. Instead of
Saturtiar. at 13 a. m.. from Pier 42. •J^«M»C
Ntrth Rlvtr. foot of Morton street. - First class
ta Havre. : $35 • and upward. - Second class . to
Havre. $43 and noward. GENERAL. AGEXCT
FOR CXITED STATES AND CANADA. 13
Broadway (Hudson building). • New Tork. J.
F.FCQAZI * CO.. V Pactac Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue.' Saa Francisca Tickets
soli b7 all Rallrcai Ticket Ajtats.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
Other symptoms showing- that you need Swamp-Root are sleeplessness, dizzi-
ness, irregular heart, breathlessness. sa'.low. unhealthy complexion, plenty of axa-
bition but no strength. :, .. • -—.:*.. _.,--;,:_-.
Swamp-Kcot is pleasant to take aad Is used in the leading hospitals, recom-
mended by physicians In their private practice, and is taken by doctors themselves,
because they recognize tn It the greatest and most successful remedy that science
has ever been able. to compound. - ...... , . :. -
If you are alreadv convinced that Swamp-Root Is what you need you can par-
chase the regular fifty-cent and one dollar bottles at the drug- stores everywhere.
tiftlTORlAL NOTICE —Swamp-Root, the irreat Kidney; Liver and Bladder rem-
edy, is «o remarkably successful that a. special .arransraient has been, mads b*
which all our readers who have-not alr-ady trletl It may have a sample bottle sen;
absolutely free by mail. Also a book telling all about kidney and bladder troubles
and containing- many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters re-
reived from men and women cured by Swamp-Root.- Be sure and mention reading
this generous otter Jn the San Francisco Dally Call when sendinst your addres3 ta
Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Blnsrhamton. >f. T. ...
ti i< i''l ' "SIS I '
MRS." MARY EXGELHARDT.
HOW i"O f^inH Out" Ifc nsed to be , considered that only urinary and
_V 3- Y * 1IIU UUL bladder troubles- were to be traced to tfce kidneys.
If YOU JVf***rf but n^w modern science proves that nearly a!!
_¦¦ iuu nw^U diseases have their beginning in the disorder of
oWSmn-Rfint these most Important organs.
i. t^ i , " IVUUlf The kidneys filter and ourifcr the blood— that
is their work, oo waen your kidneys are weak or out o£ order you can understani
how quickly your entire body Is affected and how every orcan seems to fall to do
its duty.
x- M If . yo " are sfcJc «" "feel badly" begin takin? -lhe_faniou3 new discovery. Dr.
il ,k SwamivRoot. because as soon as your kidneys are well they will help
all tttt- other organs to health. A trial will convince, any one.
Many women suffer untold misery because the nature of their disease Is not
correctly understood. They are led to believe that womb tronble cr female weak-
ness or some sort is responsible for th3 many Ills that beset womankind.
nervousness, headache, puffy or dark circles under the eyes, rhen-
matism. a dragging p«iln or dull ache In the back.- weakness or bearing down sen-
sation profuse or scanty supply of urine, with stronr odor, fteauent desire to pasj
It night or day. with scalding or burning sensation— these are all unmistakable
st^ns of kidney and bladder trouble. - •
If there Is any doubt In your mind as to your condition take from your txrtn#
on rising about four ounces, place It In a glass or battle and let It stand twentr-
four hours. If on examination it is milky or cloudy. If there 13 a brickdust settling,
or if small particles float about In It. your kidaeys are In need of Immediate atten-
tion. - . . •• .... - „ .*. .
Swamp-Root will do Just as ranch fa?
any housewife whose back Is too weak to
perform her necessary work, who Is al-
ways tired "aad overwrought, who fe«!s
that the cares cf life are more than aha
can stand.' It !s a boon to the weak and
allies. i- ~
PlPPa if? 1^^-A
£^I£RC£S
%mir FAVORITE
IBESCRIPTION
-ML FOR WEAK WOMEM. I
t \\ "jHJ^^^sssSsjBB *-Im _ /
3=Piece Parlor Sets
Beantifally finished mahogany; cov-
ered with fine silk tapestry cloth.
SWEEPING RtDUGIIONS
in FURNITURE and CARPETS
Estimates on complete housefurnish-
ir.r cheerfully riven.
CREDIT EXTEN1>ED. . </
Fr»e delivery within 100 miles on JS
worth and over.
T. Brilliant Famitare Co.,
"338-342 Post St> t 6j«aET»V:js.
| B. KATSCHINSKI, j[
§ PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I !
j '0 Third St.. Son Frcr.dsco. §j !
1 Another Si
I Slash I
I In Prices. ||
6 Etack taklsr '.« firawis* near as! we R
f J have cade still further redactions so 9
» as to sell c3 ail cor broken Uses. TVe I
I are :r. earnest, and will Bell resardless S
n cf ccst. m
H Ladles' kid c=e-stra? Sandals, with P
• bcw. ccin toes, turned «o!e« and low ffl
H h*f!«. r*d=ced t» SOc. Sires 3 to I; If
M widths BtoH H
H A SN'AP— Cctse Immediately If yoa I
I cee your size. Ladles' Ehoes. lace or I
SS buttca. dlfTet«st «tyU». «oI4 formerly E
11 rrom {3 to S3, reduced to f 1.15. g
}\ ~> hare th* fcllowirt eizea in |
S AA. ii ts !. D. «H to 8. S
B A. 2 ta «tt asfl fi a !. E. €H to 3. C
{: B. IH to 8. EE, J to ». M
if C. :^to 4 ms& • to ». «
M Ladles' and Hisses* Bsttoa Shoes.
j cloth ar.-i kid to?*, ¦Q'oare toes and P
i\ sja-;=* he»ls. Miaces' sixes. Tic; t
jl 1*xl£..~s' sizes. SSc ¦ r
["i il!««*' Sizes— Lai!es* Sizes— I
H A. II to J. A. n» to 4. U
U B. US ta 1*4. B. I-* t» m. m
$ C. 12. 1 ar.d «*.- Cr^tMl S
H D. «H to 2. I>. »H to 4H- H
S K. »4 to 1H> E.- 2H to 4S. B
P EE. 1 as« 14- EE. 1^ to 4V«. H
N PATENT LEATHER PTTMPS for ¦¦
jS beys ar.d taen. wlta tTirned soles 'and I
g plala toes: 5
N Eoys- sizes 11 to 13 r.Oc H
J^. 2Ien's sizes S to I ....OOc A
I "We Co cct cBarantee to £3 eo«try K
CTtiT*. p
JCoa* ef these barsalzs wi3 te sola to H
retail #hce dealers. jg
NOTICE— Th!« store elcees at « p. ra. \
, ca m-Kk cays and 11 p. in. ea Satnrday. ( :
8 ar-d win ccattnoe to cinse at th"s» 9
honr», PROVIDED ALX. OTHER SHOE M 1
etop.es v,-hj- do the sugiz. t^
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. 8
10 THI3D ST., Saa Fraoclsco. |
Among the many Camoas' enres cf
Swamp-Root investleated by Tte Call
none seem to_sp«ak hisher of the wonder-
ful curative properties cf this ereat kid-
ney remedy than the one we publish this
week for the benefit of our readers."
"You have no Idea how well I feel. I am sat-
isfied that I do not need any more medicine, a3
I am In as good health as I ever was tn my
life.".. So says Mrs. Mary Enselhardt of 2S33
Madison sire*!. St. Louis. Mo.." to a reporter of
the St. L.Mi.« Globe- Duroocrat.
"Fcr more than ten years I had raSered with
what, the dorters termed female trouble: also
heart' trouble, with swelling of the feet and
limbs. Ls«t summer I felt so badly that \I
thought I had not Iqujc to live. I consulted
doctor after doctor ami took • their medicines,
but felt no- better. The physicians told m« my
kidneys were net affected, and while I
Did Not Know I Had
Kidney Trouble,
I somehow felt ceataln my kidneys were the
cause of my trouble. A friend recommended
me to try Dr. -Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and I
must say I derived immense- benefit almost
from the first week. I continued the medf-
clne. takini it regularly, and I am now In
splendid health. Th* pains and aches have all
gone. I have recommended Swamp-Root to all
my friends, and told them what it" hat done
for me. I will gladly answer any one who de-
jlres to write me re*ardlns my case. I most
heartily indorse Swamp-Root from every stand-
point. There Is suca a. pleasant taste to
.>wamp-Root. and It roes risht to the weak
spots and drives them out of the system."
MRS. M.VRY ENGELHARDT.The. seasonal* now on at full . tide. American
and European plans. r The best of everything.
Including- the character ol entertainment. Ap
ply at 4 New Montgomery street.' city, for spe
cial ticket. - •
At Hotel I>?1 Coronado
• -: During the present cold ¦ and grtp season one
Jiundred < and thirty-three thousand ; seven hun
dred ' and ' twenty-eight , boxes ; of , Laxative Bro
mo-Quinine *' hive been purehwed r ; by '„ the * fol
lowing > wholesale houses - of St. ¦ Louts: Meyer
Bros. * Drug Co..: Moffllt-*tVest Drug Co.' and J.
8.,MerreU Druar Co. . : r " •
How If Goes" in St. Louis.
Japan, it is said, has been horrified at the atrocities
of Russian soldiers in China; and is wondering* what
to make of Christiancivilization^ Perhaps 1 if th'e Jap
anesecritics .wereita reflect' that /what they have seen
is neither, Christian nor civilization .they would not
make Russia a standard; for any one; But "herself." "
SUEDE COLORED CLOTH MANTLE.
This mantle is of suede colored cloth.
The upper part of the, bust Is Inclosed In
the lines of: a bolero,* and there are two
short capes of cloth . and fox fur. The
sleeves are very wide at the bottom, and
thecuffs. are trimmed with fur encircled
at the wrists with gold braid.
It is consoling that the world has been informed
that there are some gold bricks that San Francisco
won't accept. The Board of Supervisors has decided
thit "Kid" McCoy is altogether too disreputable to
box in ih'it city. ;
San Francisco has begun her preparations to wel
come President McKinley. This at least is one affair
in which we all can participate without partisanship,
politics, creed or caste. The coming of a President
is one of those events which seldom happens more
than once in a generation to the people of the Pacific
The industrious reformer who has Introduced in the
State Legislature a measure to abolish the State Board
of Pharmacy must expect to enjoy.continuous good
health or is willing to take a chance on his life smaller
than the rest of us would care to consider.
The proposition to play the intercollegiate football
game between Stanford and Berkeley outside of San
Francisco appears to be meeting with some opposi
tion. It would seem that the tragedy of last Thanks
giving; day ought to be argument enough to demon
strate that San Francisco does not care to risk thj
remotest chance of iti repetition.
_- "There goes a man .with a very Interest
ing history." /said', the clerk In : the 'book
store. "You don't aay?" inquired the cus
tomer. - "How do you. know?": VI just
sold it to him."— Philadelphia Press.
Mrs. Crlmsonbeak— Did you ever know a
man to stand up for anybody's mother-in
law? ' ' . • ¦ ' ¦
j Mr. Crlmsonbeak— Oh, yes; I think bo. - I
stood up for one In a street car to-day.
"Gave her your seat, did you?"
. "That's what I did."
/'What made you think she was some
body's mother-in-law?"
¦ "Because she never thanked me."—Yon
kers, Statesman: ;. .
.One of the churches In a little Western
town is so fortunate l*fl to have a young
¦woman as its pastor. She was called to
the ''door of ,the" parsonage one day 'And
saw, there ' a much , embarrassed young
farmer of, the, German type.
"Dey said>der minister lifed in dls
house,"' he said. - *
¦•Yes,"«replled the fair pastor.
¦ "Veil— m— 1— I vant to Kit merrit!"
;"To get married?. Very well, I can mar
ry you," ' said ,\ the ministress, encourag
ingly. .: ; • ¦-:¦ \ ¦ -" ¦
"Oh, but I got a girl alteaty." was the
disconcerting reply.— Brooklyn Life.
v"Dobbs made a lot of money this sea
son. 1 ' -\ . . "' ' ;"«> ':¦ ">' - ! -S
V'HOW?" : v : ;
"He got out road maps for all the floors
In. bur. big department ¦8tores."-MThicago
Record. • . . -. • - .
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
NEW. YORK. Jan. 22.— San Francisco: J.
H. "Wilcoxis at the Grand Union; M. A.
Hirschman te'at the Herald Square; F. H.
Speddy is at the St. Denis: E. Maguire is
at the Savoy : W. B. • Peck and ' Mrs. " W.
B. Peck aro at the Empire ;H. Roulller is
at the Murray Hill./ '
CALITORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.— H. G. Bond of
San Jose and Mr. and Mrs. Leopold W.
Mlchels of San Francisco are at the
Arlington: J. McMillan and Curtis H.
Lindsey are at the Shoreham; J. H. "Wiley
and wife are at the St. James; F. M. Far
rar and O. F. von Rhein are at the Ra
leigh. All are of San Francisco.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
The incident is vvo'rth investigating for the sake of
the truth of -history. It will be strange if civilizatioti
has called upon, China to put to death a man whose
deed in any civilized country would have been honored
as'a stanch devotion' to dangerous duty. v \.
If the Sun's story be true it can be readily under-
Stood why, the condemned man bore his sentence of
death with such . fortitude and gayety of heart. ¦ ii*
he were actin-g under, orders as a". soldier arid did no
more than his duty he had the consolations of military,
discipline as well as those of patriotism and religion
to sustain him. . Moreover, he doubtless knew - that
when the Empress of China gets back to power, again
she will make his name; one of which; any Chinese
might be proud. . ¦ ':/¦¦¦'
As for the soldier himself all accounts say that he
has become something, of a hero. to the Chinese. - In
describing him one report stated*. "The man who
was so soon to die was cheerful' during the period of
waiting. He laughed heartily several times'. .-He said
his name is an honored one and that he is an honest
man."
» ¦ _ — ',' • " ¦ - . /
rROM the Peking correspondent of the New
York Sun there has recently come a strange
• story concerning the killing of the German Min
ister in the Chinese "capital last summer. It will be
remembered the killing was described as an assassina
tion, committed by h mob, and it was everywhere
looked upon. as an outrage against not Germany only
but all civilization— a murderous offense for, which
Germany had* a right to demand redress even to the
extent of putting to death" all concerned in it.
* According to the story of the Sun the killing; was
not committed by a mob, nor was it an assassination.
The writer says: "The murderer was a soldier. At
the outbreak of the Boxer troubles he was stationed
in Hataman street, with orders^ to shoot any for
efgner who tried to pass. The killing of Baron von
Ketteler was done in obedience to these orders. It
is admitted by . foreigners,, including '. Dr. Mumm von
Schwartzenstein, the present German Minister," that
the man would not have been executed in a Euro
pean country."
0 STRANGE STORY FROM CHINA.
FASHION HINTS FROM PARIS.
Jfall these expectations are. realized by his inven-.
tion we may expect that it will be in use within, two
Pupin believes that f communication . with Europe
will be "as audible and- as certain as it is now; be
tween-points fifty miles apart. •
Professor Pupin says it is applicable to land lines
and for the same purpose, to preserve energy, and that
in their operation it will 'effect a great saving. This
economy he estimates at $120,000 a year on each land
circuit between New York and Chicago. If this be
true,. it ' will" be seen that telephone communication
from San Francisqo to New York, '-.without relay, be
comes a certainty. On a direct line there are now
two gaps between the Pacific and Atlantic One of
these is between Reno and Ogdenand the other is
between Denver and Omaha,*; or an aggregate of
about 1300 . mil js. - \
' It is believed that* the- problem has been already
solved. It was a problem of insulation and reinforce
ment of the electric current. The invention is made
by Professor Michael Idvorski Pupin of Yonkers,
N. Y., professor of electrical engineering in Colom
bia College. His invention has' been purchased by
the Bell Telephone Company, which will proceed to
install it. Th« inventor calls his device a "choke
coil," which prevents loss of energy, in the current
by conversion into heat or any other form of leakage.
Electricians now so fully ! command the situation
that they arc sure to make : it possible for the San
Francisco merchant to make his Calcutta order. not
only, verbal but vocal. He will take down Jus phone,
call Calcutta, get it as'easily as he does Oakland,. and
talk with his party on the Ganges as plainly as he
does to" a customer on .the Sacramento.
We put Calcutta as an extreme, for if we command
Europe by telephone we will command Asia also.
IT is probable that the first conspicuous achieve
ment of the twentieth century is to be the exten
sion of the telephone to an equality with the tele
graph as a means of long distance communication.
Since Bell and Gray perfected the telephone, and its
use has been adapted to constantly lengthening land
lines, electricians have looked forward to a telephone
cable to Europe as something sure to be. The
progress 'in telegraphy over long distance cables laid
in deep water has been great since the country read.
"All right, De Sauty," flashed under the Atlantic over
Cyrus W. Field's first cable. Reinforcement of the
current, enfeebled, by leakage, was the first problem
to be solved, and its solution was found in the local
circuit. Since then various facilities have been added
until' the ocean service 4s as certain as that on land,
and a San Francisco merchant can order a cargo in
Calcutta and get notice of .its delivery in less time
than he can order and receive a pair of suspenders
from a store three blocks 'from his desk. •
e TELEPHONE TO EUROPE.
A shrewd observer who was recently among us
and had reason to know of what he spoke told us
that we are'losing a vast trade with' Manila because
of our great lack of ships. In conjunction with this
fact we ought to take what consolation we may out
of the announcement that at Washington every obsta
cle for delay is being placed in the way of the subsidy
bill. •' " .
The official figures put the crop at 1500 feet pir
acre, average. Granting that the average is twice or
thrice that, an annual consumption for timber and fuel
of 208,488,997.000 feet justifies Mr. Brown's statement
that the result of another decade of active lumbering,
use for fuel and destruction by forest fires will startls
this nation. As forest fires every year destroy more
timber than is demanded for commerce- and economic
ure, the first thing to do is to put out the fires, find
who causes them and administer punishment Colo
rado complains of a loss of $10,000,000 by forest fires
last year. California lost twice as much. Our forest
candle is going fast enough without burning it at. both
ends.
He puts the annual consumption of sawed timber at
28,488,997,000 feet board measure, while the wood
consumed annually for fuel reduced to board measuj*?
is 180,000,000,000.
Mr. Brown presents reports from State foresters
?r.d officers in nearly every State in the Union to
prove his position that the United -States instead of
having 1,094,496 square miles of forest has only 570,
320 square miles. Of this he gives to New England
18,150 square miles, all required for home use; East
ern Atlantic group, 35.900 square miles, none for
export; Southern States, 130,000 square miles, for
export trade to Eastern cities; the prairie States
48.900 square miles, insufficient for local demand for
lumber; Pacific States, west of longitude 103, 212,
400 square miles, for export; the lake States, 44,970
square miles; and the central manufacturing States
80,000 square miles of forest of. very • indifferent
quality.
According to Brown there are in the United States,
including all our continental territory, 2.968,700 square
miles. The plains, prairies and treeless lands cover
1.730.000 square miles, or 60 per cent of the whole,
leaving 40 per cent for forest. But the Geological
Survey reports that 37 per cent of our whole area is
still covered with forest. Mr. Brown shows that this
estimate is grossly erroneous, and has tended to, in
dispose Congress to take measures for forest preser
vation. The official statistics which he criticizes he
snows to have been taken from the census of 1&S0,
which was incorrect as to the forest facts then ex
isting. " The method employed was to deduct from th-i
area of each State its farm lands, and set the remain
tier down as forest, which of course is entirely unre
liable.
\\ R. BROWN, secretary of the Indiana For
/ \ estry Association, antagonizes the report of
the chief of ;he Geological Survey upon the
extent of American forests yet available for a timber
supply.
OUR FOREST fiREA.
SALT LAKE-LOS ANGELES— W. M.
H.. French Camp, Cal. The city of Salt
Lake, Utah, Is almost northeasterly from
Los Angeles, Cal.
PADDY RYAN— A. S., City. Paddy
Ryan, the pugilist, was born In Thurles,
County Tipperary, Ireland, March 15, 1S53.
This department is not advised of the
csmetery in which his remains were laid
at rest.
LEGISLATURE— H.- E. O., Woodland.
Cal. If by the question "Can you tell me
what the Legislature of Massachusetts is
called to-day?" you mean the political
complexion of that body, the answer la
that It is Republican. On joint ballot
there are 214 Republicans. 61 Democrats.
2 Social Democrats and 4 Independent Cit
izens.
OIL EXCHANGE— K. S.. Danville, Cal.
The market at the Oil Exchange in San
Francisco Is controlled by the demand and
supply. The prices fluctuate through de
velopment and. manipulation. The price
at which the stock of a company Is placed
on the market Is decided upon by the di
rectors of the company placing it. The
Ear value of stock Is the price that has
een fixed by the directors at the time of
Incorporation. The buying and selling gf
oil stock is conducted on the same lines as
the buying and selling of any kind of
StOCk. '>r':
C. R. Tillson, an attorney of Modesto, Is
at the Lick.
E. F. Maxwell, a Bakersfleld oil man, 13
at the Grand.
The Rev. F. J. Mynard of Hanford Is
at thft Occidental.
Rev. P. Van Schee of Auburn Is regis
tered at the Grand.
James O'Brien, a mining man ofSmarts
vllle. Is at the. Russ.
1 Dr. M. S. Jaffe of Sacramento Is a late
arrival at the Grand. t
I S. M. Griffith and W.. H. McKenzle, oil
men at Fresno, are at the Lick.
R. E. Jacks, a banker of San Luis
Oblspo, Is registered at the Palace.
Manager 1 * J.-A^ Fillmore'of the Southern
Pacific is again confined to his home .by
Illness. \
A. S. Moore, agent for the Northern Pa
cific In Olympia, Wash., is registered at
the Russ.
." H. M. Reed of Reedley and E. R. Reed
of Bakersfleld, prominent oil men, '- are
stopping at the Grand.
W. H. Armstrong, an iron foundry man
of Vancouver, Is spending a few days at
the Occidental with his wife.
Thomas Watson and wife have returned
from an ! extended stay In Surrey, Eng
land, and are at the California.
H. E. Huntingdon, vice president of tha
Southern Pacific, has gone to New York
to attend to matters conected with the
Huntlngton estate.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
IN BRUSH WILL CASE
Of the succession of the new King to the throne
without disturbance there is therefore no doubt, but
Salisbury is not so safe. The coming campaign will
in all probability be one of the most exciting of re
cent times, and the Liberals, though without a leader
cr a platform, will undoubtedly contest almost every
scat and do their uttermost to win the right to in
augurate the administration of King Edward VII.
The British are more than satisfied with their
form of government; they are proud of it. More
over, the more intelligent among them know that the
crown is the only tie which holds the great colonies
to the empire. Australia and Canada are willing to
admit the constitutional sovereignty of a monarch
who is as much their representative as that of Eng
land, but they would not feel loyalty to a partisan
President chosen by British votes, and in whose elec
tion they had no share.
The struggle for peerages' will constitute an im
portant factor in the fight. It was noted that at the
recent election several of the wealthiest and most in
fluential members of the Commons did not offer
themselves for re-election, and it was generally b:
lieved their reason for withdrawing from politics was
that they had expectations of obtaining peerage?
with the beginning of the new year. The distribu
tion of honors at New Year, however, was far from
liberal. Not a single new peer was created and com
paratively few knighthoods were bestowed. It was
believed at the, time that the limitation put upon the
New Year's honors was due to Salisbury's opposition
to any increase in the number of peers; but the death
of the Queen makes it probable that the Prime Minis
ter was aware she could not live long, and so with
held the desired honors for the purpose of bestowing
them at the coming coronation. It would at any rate
have been good politics for him to have done so,
since in facing the constituencies for. a, new election
it is just as well for him that he still holds in his
hands rewards that so many influential men wish to
obtain.
It has been suggested -in some quarters that tht
beginning of the new reign will be marked by a re
vival of an agitation for the overthrow of the crown
and the establishment of a republic in Great Britain.
It is indeed quite likely such will be the case. Every
Presidential election in this country brings to the
front all kinds of reformers and reform candidates,
and a change in the person of the "sovereign in Britain
will doubtless ;have a similar effect. The republican
agitation there, : however, is not likely to be of much
more importance than the nomination of a candidate
on a socialist platform in the United States.
As a matter of fact the poHtical campaign has al
ready begun. Reports from London show that an
effort i$ being made to discredit the Salisbury Min
istry by spreading abroad the impression that the.wr.r.
in South Africa was begun in spite of the QueenV
wish, and that by reason of its effect upon her mind
it -hastened her death. Such tactics can hardly be
called legitimate politics, but they will have some in
fluence in determining the- votes of sentimental peo
ple, and perhaps the Conservatives may really be
weakened in the-coming contest because of them.
UNDER the British system of government" Par
liament closes with the life of the sovereign
who summone-1 it. Consequently, despite the
.fact that this Parliament was. chosen only a fevy
mdnths ago; it will now be dissolved and a new Par
liament called in the name. of. the new King. More
over, it has ever been the custom for British sover
eigns on acceding to the throne to mark the event,
by the bestowal of honors, including peerages, and
it is known the custom is not going to be violated
on this occasion. By reason of these things the pe
riod of mourning for Victoria is going to be dis
turbed by preparations for the coming political cam
paign and by intrigues for a share in the honors that
are to follow the coronation.
UNDIR THE NEW KING-
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 23, 1901
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Aitrtit All CcEBCtlctUocf to W. B. LEAEE, Kuager.
•MVtfil'K'S OFFICE Telephone Pww 2Q4
J'lULlCATlOX OPPrcE.,.Mark«t and Third. 9. V.
Telephone Press 2O1.
CDITOBIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Sterenson St.
Telephone Preaa 202.
Delir^rea ••»¦ Cxrrlrra. IB <">»t« Per Week.
9insrle Cojilen. B Cent".
T»rm« »>r Mail. Inclndlnjr Poaiacrei
r»* II.T CALr, ftnetad'r.e ftanday). ere year t«.M
r»AILT CAUZ, fJBclnfiJnc Fun<5ay>. • months ............ S.V)
PAILT CALt, flncludlnr Sunday). X montfcs 1.51
ZUILT CAIX-Br Elnrl* Month ;.. CSe
fCTCDAY CALL. One T>ar 1.59
WTEEKLT CALL.. One Tear 1.0«
All ¦oitmiitern nrr ftnf rinrlsed to receive
¦nfcacrlptloni.
Earcpl* eepiea will b# forwarded -Then retjuetted.
Man rcbecrfb»r» *« rrrA+riof «-hanr« «5f ii^rm ahonld ?«•
rartlcolar to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in ord»r
to ictur* a prempt and correct compUanct with their request.
OAKLAMJ OFFICE XXIS Orondirar
r. GEOKGE KROGXESS.
Kastgtr Fertiga UmUt'.zg, XirgutU Buildup. Cklei-j.
(Lone Distance T»phrn- ••"Central 2«J.">
N'EW TOnK COKRESPOXDFKT:
C C. CARLTOX Herald Sqnare
XEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
tTKTIIEN 1*. SMITH 3t» Tribune Dnlldlnic
JCETT TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -A rtoria Hotel; A. Erectano, O. Union Square:
VurrtT E1U Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STAKES:
Ctrncan Bouse: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Ocmoct Uccm; Auditorium HoteL
WASHIXGTOV <D. C> OFFICE. . . .1400 G *«.. 5. W.
UOBTOX E. CItA.VE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICRS E2T Mcntromer?. crrn-r •>* Clar. ot>""»
cnttl »:»• o'clock. 800 Hay*-*, open until f:30 o'clock. 633
MeAllltter. er*n until f:I0 o'clock. C15 Larkln. open unM!
»:» o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o" clock. rJCl Market,
ecrner Slxteentn. open . until • o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
men t o'clock. 106 Elerenth. cpen until » o'clock. NW. cor
d«t Twerty-tecctid and Kentucky, open until S o'clock.
Sard Legal Nets.
The openlnjr of the new century Imposes
upon the Supreme Court of the United
States the decision of the most Important
questions which It has had to settle dur
ing the one hundred and twelve years of
Its existence.— New York Evening Post.
What's Eating Smith?
Hopklnson Smith Is a clever painter,
story teller, lecturer, globe trotter — a good
fellow generally. How could he have been
so left to himself as to call "Tncle Tom's
Cabin" the most vicious book that ever
appeared? He must have swallowed a
twin of the microbe that set Mark Twain
talking about the •'polluted-" flag—mean
ing the Gag of the United States.—Hart
ford Courant.
A Crimeless Town..
Cincinnati has a suburb which should
have its name, and fame shouted from one
end of the land to the other. It is Hyde
Park, and it has a population of hOO of
the most orderly and quiet soul» that
ever got together. Hyde Park has a po
lice justice, but for a year he has had
nothing to do. During the last year of
the century this town of 1700 was abso
lutely crimeless.— Salt I^ake Herald.
Must Mean Harrison.
Matters have come to a sorry pass If
a Republican of unquestioned legal ability
cannot make public so often as he pleases
his conclusions concerning a const.tu
tional question of grave moment, or con
cerning the moral phases of that Ques
tion, which may appeal to him profoundly,
without being accused of party disloyalty
for doing so or having Improper motive
attributed to him.— Chicago Tribune.
Marconi and Mars.
• Marconi says It is possible- to communi
cate with Mars. If there are any people,
on the planet to respond to our stgnaJs.
Distance, he thinks, can be overcome by
his wireless telegraphy. The only trouble
likely to occur will arise In, making tha
Martians, if there are any. understand
what we are trying to »ay of them. On
the whole, it miicht b« better If we should
do our first e-tp*rlm«-nting with venus.
Owing to the natural lutckness of her
sex. she would b* morf likely to grasp tno
situation.— Chicago Inter Ocean-
Beggars Have Pride.
An interesting Item comei from the City
of Mexico hi the ehape of a remonstrance
by the beggars of th» city. They havo
protested solemnly to the Govercmen.
against an edict that no one shall pl£ the
trade of begging unless he prove clsaseif
to be entirely without other P* 3 ""* „
support. From the tone of their remon
strance the be*jrar» evidently consider
this a tyrannical Interference w.th a
worthy calling. The Mexican beggar
doesn't want the impression to get abroad
that necessity drove him Into the:alms
asking business. He wants it known that
It is a chosen profession.— Dallas News.
Madame La Grippe.
As far back as 17S8 old Noah Webster In
troduced Mme. La Grippe to this country.
The old lady had long before that made
periodical visit to Europe under the more
pretentious name of Influenza. .The j dis
ease was then supposed to havo Its origin
in star dust thrown off from the heavenly
bodies In their flight. But the people did
not become greatly enthusiastic over Dr.
Webster's theories, for in about a year
Mme. La Grippe caught up her train and
left me country suddenly. But she made
several subsequent visits, in 1S37. In 1S4.
and 1S48. and finally in 1SS3, 1890 and 1391
her visit was so spiteful and malignant
as to assume the proportions of an epi
demic—Boston Globe.
Bride and Groom Grilled. .
It Is an odd but entertaining comment
on the social structure of our democracy
that a contemporary bride and bride
groom of some public importance (Van
derbtlt-French) were both ignorant of the
location of the birthplace of their respec
tive mothers. To go for a marriage li
cense and not be able to fill out a blank
demanding the maiden name of a ma
ternal great-grandmother might be par
donable, but Is not family of enough sig
nificance after all In thi3 ancient city to
make a knowledge of one's mother's
birthplace a component part of one's
education? Would it not be a useful sub
ject to Introduce into the curriculums of
fashionable kindergartens? Then, when
young people of position arrived at a mar
riageable age and went to take a competi
tive examination at the Registrar's office,
they could pass with honors.— New York
Mjftl and Express.
Blarney in Russia.
Dispatches from St. Petersburg told
how the Russian Finance Minister. M. de
Wltte. in submitting the annual budget
extolled the Czar for his work in China
in rather generous terms. "The Czar."
he said, "Is a great Christian Prince who
follows no impulse save that of his heart,
who has shown the world by a sublime
example that the extraordinary might of
Russia Is bound up with a profound love
of peace." To-day the St. Petersburg
dispatches tell us that De Wltte has Just
received from the Czar a gift of 20O,»X)
rubles, and that he has expectations of
high preferment. There are men In pub-
He office In America who have been known
to say pleasant things of their employers
for a less important consideration.
Whether in Russia they do that sort of
thing in a bigger way we do not know, but
the course of events in Manchuria, when
examined in connection with M. da
Wltte's eulogium, suggests that the St
Petersburg rate for blarney in high places
is pretty stiff.— New York Commercial Ad
vertiser.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
The introduction of the Pupin coil will be watched
with interest by electricians and by the business pub-
• There would seem to be but one more possible ad
vance in the. use of electricity as a means of transmit
ting the voice, and that would be the application to it
of Marconi's wireless system.
years. The fact that it has been bought for half a
million and. a yearly royalty of $15,000 by the Bell
Company is evidence of its worth, for the Bell peo •
pie have experience; as ample as their resources, and
would not invest so 'nuch in a doubtful patent.
Stanford should have its bills and Berkeley should
have its money, and the high competition of the two
should be favored, to the end that each may do its
best for learning and letters, to the honor of Cali
fornia.
Their effect is to be for all time, for the unlimited
future, for the enfranchisement and equipment of that
university to help itself. It should not be made the
present victim of a narrow partisanship of a group of
professors who have let their temper destroy their
judgment. . - .
The Legislature should rise above any sentiment
generated in the passing confusion at Palo Alto, ami
pass the Stanford bills.
It is a truth that is beyond question that the re3l
usefulness of the State University began with the rise
of Stanford. If either decline now the other will suf
fer. It is a matter of great pride that only California
• ;as within its borders two such institutions. No other
State in this Union has room, for two of equal capac
ity and usefulness. In possessing them California has
more than can be the boast of any nation in Europe.
The Stanford affair is a passing incident. Within
a year it will have receded so far as to be forgotten.
Therefore it makes no part of a reason why this Leg
islature should not proceed to vitalize the amend
ments to the constitution which the people so gen
erously indorsed.
The rumor runs that these bills will not pass be
cause of the Ross incident and- its sequences. We
hope this is not true. The troubles at Stanford have
their precedent and analogue in the political difficul
ties at Berkeley, in which several of the professors,
including one of the Le Contes, -had to resign. But
Berkeley outlived all that. Harvard has had a mem
ber of one of her faculties hanged for murder and
another rests now under' the same charge, but Har
vard wag not injured.
We repeat that California cannot afford to list her
university among the indigent and infirm, and the
Legislature has no higher duty than its proper and
prompt relief. I \
The case of Stanford University is widely differ
ent. The Stanford bills are merely to help that uni
versity to help itself.
The University Regents are appointed and serve
for long terms, and when they handle money appro
priated out of the general fund the oversight of some
agency that represents the taxpayers is not undesir
able. It is to be hoped that the appropriation, if made,
will become available" in time to relieve the pinch in
university finances, and that if some other method
be more desirable the alumni, faculty and Regents
will mak& use of the next two years in familiarizing
the people therewith, so that the next Legislature
will be prepared to adopt it.
Against this objection, however, it may be urged
that all expenditures of public money should be sub
ject to the oversight of some agency derived from
the people and representing them.
IT happens that the Legislature is. concerned with
the interests of both of our great universities.
It appears to be -certain that 'the measure for
relief of the State University drawn, by the Palace
Hotel conference* will not pass, because it does not
meet the views of the Governor. He does not oppose
adequate aid to the institution, but believes it should
be extended- in the same manner as to other State
institutions, by a regular biennial appropriation. ' The
university authorities are not as anxious about the
method employed as they are for the relief itself, so
that we assume they will find no difficulty in accom
modating their views to the Governor's position. The
system of direct appropriation brings the expendi
ture under control of the State Board of. Exam
iners, which may cause" some friction and inconve
nience in the administration of the fund.
THE UNIVERSITY BILLS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 23, li>Ol«
MARS HEARS BACK TALK.
THE OWNER OF THE EARTH— JUST WAIT TILL I GET UP THERE.
YOUNG FELLOW, AND YOU'LL BE SORRY YOU SIGNALED.-ST.
LOUIS REPUBLIC.
a
6
PERSONAL MENTION.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
EDITOR CALL.: In a recent issue of your paper an extract from an
Eastern editorial was published under the title of "Scientists in Court," in
which this statement occurs: "Before one of the New York courts there Is
a contested will case pending, and every day the courtroom is thronged
with Christian Scientists whose avowed object is to influence the Judge in
rendering an opinion to their liking by the silent exercise on his mind of the
psychical powers which the Scientists believe they possess."
Any one at all familiar with Christian Science would know that the above
statement was not true. Mr." Willard S. Mattox, a prominent Christian
Scientist of New York City, replying to a similar editorial in the Buffalo
Express, said: "This false charge, that Christian Scientists are exerting
mental influence to. affect the decision of Judge Fitzgerald In the Brush will
case, is an accusation common to the hypnotists and mental malpractition
ers in their arguments against Christian Scientists. Christian Scientists
never enter another's thought uninvited, and then never except to destroy
sin or sickness. The conflict to-day is between two mental forces, the Christ
mind and the carnal mind, or hypnotism. In this instance, hypnotists are
charging .Christian Science with their own methods." '
The following from the ChristMfc Science textbook, "Science and Health
with Key to-' the Scriptures," by, Mary. Baker G. Eddy, shows that any use
of hypotlsm is contrary to the teachings of Christian Science: "We have no
authority in Christian Science, and no moral right, to attempt to influence
the thoughts of another, except it be to benefit him or we are personally re
quested to give him aid. • • • Any hypnotic power you may exercise will
diminish your ability to become a Scientist, and vice versa. The act of heal
ings the sick through Mind alone, ot casting out error with Truth, shows your
position as a Christian." The power of Christian Science is not hypnotic,
_but is the power of God. FRANK W. GALE.
San Francisco, January 22, 1901.
ANEMIA
is little red in the blood.
The red in the blood is
the oxygen-carrier. Better to
breath with half of one lung
than not have enough red ia
the blood.
The b]pod is full of digested
food; but it can't build muscle
and nerve and bone without
'oxygen.
/ v Scott's emulsion of cod-liver
oil puts red in the blood: the
oxygen-barrier. It is like build-
ing a .railroad into a faminc-
stricken country.
' We'll send you a little to try. If yon EVa.' "•' .
SCOTT &B0WNE, 409 Pearl street, New York
A hitherto unpublished work by Gustav
Flaubert entitled "Memoires d'un Fou" 1j
being published by. the Revue Blanche. It
seems to be a record of his boyhood and
was. written Jn 1S3S. since which time tha
manuscript has been preserved by the Lo
Polttevin famllv.
Faded hair recovers its youthful color an4
softness by tha use of Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorrj. th« best cure for corns. 15 eta.
Gas Consumers' Association. 344 Port st.. n~
daces gas bills from 20 to 40 per cent. Gas and
electric meters tested. Electrical department.
All kinds of electric wo^c promptly attended to.*
The new Santa. Fe train known as tn« Call*
fcrnla Umlted affords service very mach rap*.
rlor to anything ever before offered ta Coast
travelers. . •
New Santa Fe Train.
" Hohkonlgsburjr in Alsace, th© remains
of an early medieval castle, la to b« re-
stored by the Kaiser alter the manner In
which Plerrefonds was rebuilt by the Ar-
chitect Vlollet-le-Duc tor » the Empress
Euzenie.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping: Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1M2. •
Townsend's California glace fru"t-». S>e <*
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jan. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern frienda.
(3$ Market street. Palace Hotel bulletins. *
"WHgus oil burners. Office and salesroom
514A Mission street. Telephone John 240& •
Choice candles. Townsend's.Palace HoteL*
AMUSEMENTS.
Crlumh'.a— "Way Down East."
TivoU — "The Fencing Master."
Central Theater — ••I>arkeet Russia."
California— "Becky Sharp."
Orjheurn— Vaudeville.
Grand Ojiera-houee— --The Moth and the Flame."
Alhair.bra — "The Star Boarder."
Alcarar— "Sweet Lavender."
Olyrr.pia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ercrilrs.
F*fccher-«— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple — Lecture fcy Rev. Peter C. Torlte.
Thursday e%-er.!ne, February "•
Tanforan Park— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. TV. LoudTbeck— This <5ay. at II a. m. and 2 p. m .
Oriental Rugs, at FiV. corner Geary and Stockton streets.Xo extra charge U made for rldtnson the
Cdirornla Limited of the Santa. Ft, although
the superiority of the service U really worth
something mcr* , •
California Limited.
W. A. Griffith has entered suit In-th?
United States Circuit Court against the
Mountain Copper Company, limited, of
Keswick, Shasta County, to recover $10,00)
damages for injuries •sustained by the up.
setting of a car.
Suit for Bodily Injuries.
Fines I>r. ; E. J. Creely.
Dr. E. J. Cr'eely, whOjVaSjConvicte'd by,
Judge Cabaniss ;on- the' charge "of-main
taining: a nuisance at his establishment on
Golden Gate avenue, appeared ~ for - sen
tence yesterday, as it was reported that
the nuisance had not been abated. The
Judge sentenced him to pay a fine of $100
and notice of appeal was given, bonds be-
Int fixed in S»0. /. - •.-•.-. ; . • • > .
' Clalr B. Kernan. clerk ln the store of
the Cleveland Bicycle " Company, Larklsj
and 'McAllister streets, end J. O. Street,
both 19 years of a^e, were arrested yea
terday morning by Policeman Francis an<!
booked at the City Prison on a charge cf
burglary. They are accused of having: en
tered the Cleveland company's store on
Monday nltrht by means of a trap door
and of stealing four bicycles.
Accuses Boys of Theft.
Dtirlnu the present cold and grip Reason
one hundred and fifty-one thousand and two
hundred boxes of Laxative Bromo-Quinlne
have been purchased fcy the following whole-
Bale drug: houses of Chicago: Morrlsson
Plummer & Co., Fuller & Fuller, Lord, Owen
St Co.. Humieton. Keeling A Co., Robert Stev
enson & Co. and Peter Van Schaak & Sons. •
How It Goes in Chicago.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 22.-Results:
One mile eelllne-Tea Gown won. Syneo-
Slti. * CCOn<1> Scm P lr « iM^- Time,
1 !!* 1^ 1^ Mllln »-Donna Rita won.
Panlla second piocker third. Time, 1:56%.
n m , Ie < won. Co^well!,«
end Belle Simpaon third. Time, 1:43V4.
Mile and a Bixteenth, handicap— Sir Oatian
Time, llm B eeC ° n<5> Slr dorian third"
u Seven furlongs, ijelllns-Locust Blossom won.
Heroics Thurles third. Time. V.KU
One mllp, eelllng-DaRmar won. Porter 3
second. Bequeath third. Time. 1:44. rurxer f
Results at New Orleans.
SHABKEY AND MAHER 'MATCH.
Will Meet In February at Catch
"Weights Before Louisville Club.
LOUISVILLE. Jan. 22.-Tom Sharkey
and Peter Maher were to-day matched to
Fl^f. H,, a t ,*' < L I ? ty ' round contest before the
LoutavHle Athletic Club during the month
Officer A. M. Cahill was fined 15 for
appearing for duty clad In garments not
ot the proper cut.
Policeman Edna, charged by Captain
Dunleavy with Indulging in intoxicants
v/hilo on duty, pleaded erullty ajid was
fcned $50.
After hearing 'the- testimony -the'. Com
missioners promptly entered a> verdict* of
net guilty. Attorney Van Duzer says. he
intended to have warrants issued . for ; the
arrest of the officers on the charge of
robbery. .
The Chinaman stated that he told
Sergeants Mahoney and Brophy of the
robbery, and they both had promised to
secure the return of the money. This
T\as denied by both the sergeants, who
said they knew nothing: of the matter
until January 16, three weeks - after It
was supposed to have occurred. .¦..:. ¦ ; * •
The accused officers were called and
stated that.they had never entered the
store with a search warrant, though
such a warrant had been Issued. ,
The entry book of the City Prison -wag
brought into evidence and from it it was
learned that the accused officers, at ;th-i
time given by the Chinese, were at the
Hall of Justice, searching, a number of
Chinese gamblers they had arrested at
45 Washington alley.
¦"Attorneys Dunn and Van Duzer occu
pied the attention of the Police Commis
sioners at their meeting last night. At
torney Dunn defended Policemen Young
and Samuels.against the charge of rob
bery preferred by Wong Yu, a Chinese
merchant, and succeeded In having them
acquitted despite the strenuous efforts of
Attorney Van. Duzer. Young and Sam
uels, according to the 'testimony of tho
Chinese, entered his store on the evening
of December 21 with a aearch warrant to
look for lottery tickets. In the course ot
their search, they insisted upon the pro
prietor opening his safe, from which they
took $600, so he alleged. The testimony of.
the merchant was backed up by that of
three of his employes. The time at which
the supposed robbery took place was given
as 9:30 p. m. ¦¦ - . t
Policemen Samuels and Young Were
at Hall of Justice at Time
of the Supposed
Bobbery.
Evidtnce Submitted Does
Not SuypDrt Chinese
Merchant's Charge.
COMMISSIONERS
ACQUIT OFFICERS
Probable Winners.
First race— Ehickoy. Isaline. Tenny Belle.
Second race— Nansen, Haralamb, Sam How
ard.
Third race— Lomo, Granger, Mestor.
Fourth race— Hennoso, Rolling- Boer, Ord
nunfr.
Fifth race— Greyfeld. The Lady. Autumn.
Sixth race— Edna Brown. Slap Dash, Maresa.
y«r-o l ? d8 7 C p e u -rli X "* * half three
/i^l 1 !. 1 "* 1 "^ 01 " "" 113 165 7 Gaylon Brown. .119
(lr>64)K<lna Brown. ..117 1377 Rasp .. 113
1610 Courtier US .... Straight Bhot.Hffi
foMarrea 117 158 « Slap Dagh 119
(i^Ar^ura"::::::::.-! 1 !-; im Phn *«*«*".»«
Fifth race— One mile and an eighth- three
year-oMg and upward; handicap.
,J£^n Ul £" ln 107! J*W9 F-ormero 99
°£.y%* lh ™ 93 «75 The Lady . IM
, Greyfeld llll 1526 Autumn 103
(M3)E<JdIe Jones. ...1131
nlSL&S*** PlaW — -MS HIS Hermoso 121
(1643)Kenili»-orth 104 •
Third race-Two mile; over eight hurtle*.
V^^m,° r •••A-U"- iy> i< 16S °)'^nio 15 5
Track Notes.
Buchanan, who had the mount on
Companion was Riven ft week on the
pround and a fine of $100 by Starter
I>wjr«T for disobedience at the post.
Corrigan Is the first of the ge of Imp.
Bain to go to the post, and Barney
Kchrelber thought very well' of the colt.
The black fellow acted very green, finish
ing last, but will probably Improve" with
a little ape and experience.
Lrjter Reiff will have the mount' on
£lap Dash ln the last event this after
noon.
Kol lowing are to-<Jay*s entries:
First race— Re\ # en furlongs; three-year-oldi
O4 upward; selling.
1CJJ Gold n«4«:e .... €»| 16S3 rhinblane 104
IC68 Kurdock 101 16C9 Iullne 89
: r *4 Parmenlon 104; l«06 Foul Play . 83
ie:6 Duckny m 1 JM7 Jerl.l 110
1^4 Morellt. 102 1559 Formatus 101
153 The ginger ....10l| 1&8 Tenny Belle ... 09
*>coniJ rar« — One mll«; maiden three-year
'-<J« and upward; eellln*.
•••• Nansen u« mi Red Cherry HI
ir,5? Cambaeeret ....im 13S4 George Dewey..l01
l^CS Har&tarob 101 .... Cerro««nta 101
The Hoodoo .... 9» I67t Sam Howard.. .IM
Mt"D. from the time of Its incep
tion until it becomes sticky,
fast and holding and past
classification, was always a
potent factor fn racing, and r,j
Its treacherous and deceptive allurings
has been ascribed the defeat of many a
warmly played choice. Well, it was the
Fame old story at Tanforan Park yester
day. Six well, meant and favorably dis
posed favorites were sent to the post, and
but one was returned a winner. In stat
ing this, one would be apt to think the
bookmakers retired with all the money,
but such was not the case, for the differ
ent winners — Marshal Xeil, Rey del Ban-
ClCos, Great Bend, Sublime and Hercu
lean—were all well supported.
For a curtain-raiser. Tommy Burns, on
the 11 to 10 favorite Grafter, managed to
lore cut to Marshal Neil, the second
choice. Tommy never experienced much
luck piloting favorites, and after beat-
Ing th© gate- with Grafter, permitted Buil
man. on the Marshal, to get up and win
b> over a length. Pat Dunne's filly Bon
nie Llssak made her first appearance, and,
well backed, finished third.
In all of his past races Dr. ScharCf had
shown tremendous speed, and It looked
perfectly plausible that the youngster
should be installed favorite for the two
year-old dash. Milt Henry got him away
ln the lead and won galloping from J. V
KIrby. At a longer distance the latter
might have won, but as it was he did his
best Dominlck, astride Mike Murphy,
ran third.
Rey del Bandidos, a 10 to 1 outsider, took
the mile and a sixteenth selling affair.
Stuart, who rode the big chestnut the day
before, again 6at in the saddle, beating
Mary Kinsella to the wire by two lengths.
Kaunette, from the stable of W. J. Spiers,
had first call in the pit, and If the mare
ever had any ppeed it was left in the
stable. Ulm. another heavily played one,
also failed to answer rolleall.
Milt Henry had the pleasure of piloting
about the best-backed choice of the
afternoon ln TuthllU which went to the
I>ost 8 to 5 for the six furlong jaunt,
fourth on the menu. He was outfooted
at that, znessed about on the rail, and
the money was burnt up early In the
game. Domlnick saved half a block at
the Ftretch turn with Great Bend, leading
Rollick past the judges by three lengths.
Next came a Job lot bunch of maidens
ln a fix furlong scramble. Companion
beat the gate several lengths and was
then collared and beaten out by Sublime,
a 6 to 1 shot ridden by Fauntleroy. Skip
M<». the favorite, ran unplaced.
Once more, in the closing mile selling
run, Tommy Burn? had the mount on a
warm favorite. Formero was pent to the
post an even money choice, but the best
Tommy could do was to finish second to
Herculean, superbly ridden by Milt
Henry. The winner's odds were pounded
d^wn" from threes to 13 to 5. Lou Rey ran
a close third.
BY F. E. iMTJLHOLLAKnD.
It is whispered that O'Rourke. with a
string of notables In the fistic world, will
soon cross the continent for the pugilistic
haven.
Frank Erne is the man the clubs are
trying to match with McGovern. Haw
kins wants a try at McGovern and there
are several others who would like to feel
Terry's fists.
ponent will be the directors do not aa yet
know. The National Sportin* Club, with
J- J- Groom working the wires, also claims
McGovern as one of its pet attractions.
blnce Sam Pooler will not accept the
terms of the Twentieth Century Club to
match Moffatt and Root that organization
has been scurrying around for another big
match. Thurston and Cribb are on their
cards for the February date. Whether or
not they will land this game is a question.
Dal Hawkins and George McFadden are
mentioned on the pugilistic Rialto for one
of the coming attractions.
The race of the clubs— the Twentieth
Century, the National Sporting and the
San Francisco— for this last mentioned
pugilistic corporation has announced an
intention of professional prizefight pro
motion—Is to reach Terry McGovern.
They are all laying wires and each one
announces that it has McGovern signed.
Ned Homan, acting In behalf of the club
over which he presides, flashes telegrams
from Harris. McGovern's manager, say
ing that the whirlwind will fight here and
that Homan will have a call. The Twen
tieth Century Club says Jim Kennedy,
matchmaker, has McGovern pledged to
fight before it on April 30. Who his op-
Fight gossip is in the air on both sides
of Market street these days. From their
lairs the pugflists have crawled out Into
the sun — and rain — und every mother's
eon of them is looking for a match.
Fight Gossip Fills the Street and the
Pugs Are All Looking for Matches.
EACH CLUB DECLARES
IT HAS SIGNED TERRY
When asked for his opinion of the Sloan
case the young English Jockey professed
Ignorance of the facts, excepting what
he had read in the newspapers. He, how
ever, wns frank enough to speak a kind
word for the American Jockey, and the
American horseman in general.
Speaking of the American riding forms
Loates said he thought they would event
ually be adopted on the English turf.
The position of the American Jockey on
the horse is everything to his "advantage,
he thought, and short stirrups formed
another improvement which the English
riders are bound to observe. Indeed,
some of them have already adopted the
short stirrup,. Including himself.
Loates is a great lover of all kinds of
sport and he may do some hunting be
fore leaving the coast.
rode for Sir Blundell Maple, and. he ha:
been re-engaged by Maple for the comini
season. Two years ago Loates met To<
Sloan in a match and beat him.
SAM LOATES, the Tod Sloan of
England, Is in town. He arrived
with his wife yesterday afternoon
and put up at the Palace. Ix>ates'
trip to this coast is purely one of
pleasure and unless he is persuad
ed to change his mind he will not do any
riding while in San Francisco. He has
been visiting friends in New York and Chi
cago, and after a stay of a week or ten
days here, he will make a short trip to
Los Angeles, returning to England in time
to ride at the Lincoln races, which begin
the latter part of March.
Loates stands at the head of the winning
list of English jockeys, and' held first
place with the riders of the world up, to
within two months prior to the closing
of the season last year,, when Reiff, the
American Jockey, earned first place. Dur
ing the entire season of 1829*1900 Loates
SAM LOATES. ENGLAND'S FOREMOST JOCKEY. HE COMES HERE TO
VISIT THE LEADING HORSE BREEDING ESTABLISHMENTS OF
CALIFORNIA. AND MAY ACCEPT SOME CHOICE MOUNTS.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
¦ ;
TANFORAN PARK. TOEBDAT. JANrARV 3. -Weather fine. Track eloppy.
1<:*4. P1BBT IIACE— One mil*-: three-yoar-olds; puree. $400. -v>^~^-^>^-~>^«^-~~^
IPo.l j I Petting T
I :vl«*» jHoryc and Weight. ; P«; St. M. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CK PI.
l«J ;Marehal Neil I1SI 14 4 |W 2 V, \ uj i^mna"^^ 2 I 9^5 To
'" r " ft , cr ;-, " 2 * I l S 1J ni 4 !1 T. Burns... 6-5 6-5 11-10 1-3
.. Bonnl* LlEsak...lie; 23 3n !n 32 36 O # Connor ... 2 4 4 1
'- '"— L*rg re g° r » 5 : 3 * ; h « « 4 Henry 13 25 25 . 4
Time—^. :26H; > B :53; \. Lj»: mile. 1:471;. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
H. A Smith s ch. c. by Tammany-Ayrshlro Rose. With Just a plain, ordinary homel
ppun Jockey up Oraftor mlphi have won. Too many variations permitted the stajmrerlns
t" to . t ™ r '- Bonnie Lis*=ak ran well flr.st time oat. Argregor will take some punching
when the clouos roil by.
1083. SECOND RACK— Three furlonjjs; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Ingrx Horse and Weight, j P.< St. »j. *j. . Str. Fin. j Jockeys. ' Op. 'HlV^cf PU
]^ jDr. Scharfr jnj | j i ... 1 4~ ... 12 i?^y"~ 5-2 13-5 11-3 9-10
irr. j. \. Kiroy 115 o , 5 ... 5 11 « l'» Bullman 3 4 i ex
"^ &^ lurrhy HS i i - -:? .-•• 5 " dSSS5*>;: i J i 4 2 S 1
.... |Cunard 113. .3 ... 3 2 ... 44 T. Burns.... 6 10 10 4
,-.;: UCll 2 ... 4 2 ... 5 1 Mounce .... 6 ») 20 R
J«2S ?nooze n; 2 8 ... 51 . f, h E Ross sn M en «a
1071 |Dr. MeNutt USKlll ... # 10 4 1 7U Coburn i'."' S S 8 '«
1662 iLouwelsea. llrti 10 10 ... S>i ... 8 2* J Dalv 8 12 is -
.... Legato 113! «!6 ... 94 .. 93 JenWnL s M 1- c
.... !Wal Maxim U0J9 7 ... T 4 ..! 10 1 O^nnor"::. S 30 5 t
• -.jCorrtgan 113| S 8 ... n ... u JBuchanan .. S 6 4 ;
<r: ,7] <^»- : .^;V :37%i. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving! winner J
H* Md t C - S I 1" n^ 1<1 A - M1 r°^ rl - » r - Schar * « 8 * '~t one and outbroke
; _v °- Klrb > <1M nnt enjoy lv»st racing luck. Cunard will do. So will ContM^nt
.^orrljran finished where his namesake did. Seratched-Charrette 113. Contestant.
HtStf. THIRD RACK— One and a sixteenth miles; gelling; four-year-olds ar.d up; $350.
Index jHorw, Age. Weight, j Psjist^ Vj. H- Str. Fin. | Jockeys. ' Op. PI?
:579 !R. d RandMos. a. 95' 4|3 3 ns 64 13 12 "Ptuart R in I 9
:ei5 |Mar>- Klnsella, 6. SS S « 2 'ill 22 5h iDomlnlck"'" 3 7 - 2 ' , !
ISO Boru. Bill. 4. ...101! 6 9 6 1 4 h 4 4 3 1<4 RMurehy" s5 30 'm
1468 Dr. Marks, 6....10R! 10 I 5 4 1 3h 34 4 5 ffConnSr " 6 II II i
J»» f*^" 6 - * , S * » ? « « J g 5 1 5 4 nuchanan "I " 18-5 J
1651 Ulni. 5. IOC 11 in 2 4 63 6 15 Mounce .... 3 5 5 i
:;ii g 8tro - * in9 7 2 S14 7h S15 7 6 inullman ... 3 10 10-4
iiS Ho^-uran. 4 106! 5 « 5n 5>, 7 3 88 !Enos 20 29 20 S
¦§«£ »~^Sa :ffi SKKiSS.HE! i
Emma Collier. Bandldoi. appeared clean shaven and ran as he did In h?s bm™ood dav""
A right's rest helped him wonderfully. Mary Klnsella unfortunate The ceni^r^ ?s
your* yet and Faunette may linpor for some time. Ulm ran as If he had feasted on
1«87: J FOTRTH''RAc£lsrx" furl^n^'Fe'l"rin7r?hreT^r^lds' and
Index .Horge. Age, Weight. jPst'St 4- K- Str. Fin. Jockeys. '~OpT~ HK- Un ci7~ri?
1641 Great Bend. 6... .104 86 Eh 62 12 13 iDomlnlck 4 T» T« TT
sSii^ ; i is s ?; Iffig^l . ; ; 1
«;.bas5«£^s 1 ; ;? ;? s? ;^f c cr' ::; 1 .
1C^*i. FIFTH RACE— Six furlong?; maiden three-year-old flllles; purt^. $3io.
Iirfex ; H q W ana Weight. jP°t' St. 4- *. Str. Fin. ¦ Jockeys. J^^" h!" 1^! FT
!«KO?"^nrrirR^CE-One^n^e?'.e'lirn1^^
Inde, ; H or^. Age. Welght.|P«jSt. 14. 4. Str. Fin.) Jockeys. '^~ Hl! Un ci7~^T
1670 .Herculean. 4 109] SU 2~2 2I 2~!i 1 »i Henrx- o 1
1675 iFormero. 5 1121 l!2 32 36 3 6 n !t n?,r^;"" ? 3 U - 5 '-5
¦iS : !a55iK'-;±i5i;U {«;'»}" l»la^";-'» j j «
POOR BEHAVIOR
OF FIRST CHOICES
Dr. Scharff the Only Short Priced One
to Win at Tanforan — Henry
in Form.
JOCKEY SAM LOATES
HERE ON PLEASURE
Has Words of Praise for the American
Riders and Their Superior
l\dLIlI^ 1 ClLLlLo.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 23, ,1901.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
ENGAGEMENT OF
MRS. F/SKE
In the Play in Four Acts,
BECKY SHARP.
(Founded on Thackeray'* "Vanity Fair.")
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
PniCES-$2. $1 50. $1. 75c. 50c. ¦
Curtain at 8 Sharp.
Carriages at 11 i>. m.
Seats for the Second Week of "BECKY
SHARP" Ready Thursday Morning. ~.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). Jan. 23.
Parquet. 25c, any Beat: Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c. any part, except reserved.
A NEW BILL AND THE BEST EVER.
MONTMARTROIS TRIO. KACKER AND
LESTER. WARREN AND BLANCHARD.
8WIGETTE AND CLARK. SCHUMANN
LADIES' QUARTET. EUGENE O'ROURKE
AND COMPANY. BILLY LINK. THE
AMERICAN ¦ BIOGRAPH AND
SAM LOCKHART'S
BflBY ELEPHANTS
THIS WEEK ONLY.
The New York and London Success. ¦
SWEET LAVENDER
PRETTY . GOWNS— NEW SCENERY.
SEATS-15C, 23c, :5c, Me.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
SEATS NOW BELLING.
NEXT* "WEJEEK—
"ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME."
THfc SAN FBANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK-THIRD MEETING.
Monday. January 31, to Saturday, February
9, Inclusive.
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAY.
Six Stake Events, Three. Hurdle Races and
Six Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF THE DAY AT 2:10 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townsend etraets for
Tanforan . Park at 7, 10:49. 11:30 a, m., 1 ijo
and 2 p. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park for
8an Fran*'«"'> at 4:15 p. in., followed after th«
lait race at intervals of a few minutes by sev-
eral special*. BMti ln r«ar cars r»s«rved for
ladles and their escorts. Admission to course
including railroad fare, ¦ |1.». «war»o.
MILtON 8. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWARD POWER. Racing Secretary -
ipOElll
6c* Orerceata and
valuta checked free
AMUSEMENTS.
Alf. EUlnsrhouse, Prop, and Manager.'
PHONE SOUTH ... J _ u^ Ll ..'. 770
THIS EVENING AT 8:15— MATINEE SAT..
"THE REAL -FUN- SHOW.'*"
The Bright Musical Farce-Comedy Success,
TliE STAR BOARDER
By a company of clever comedians and a bevy
of pretty girls. New music. New
Specialties.
EVENING ..25c. 85c. 50c and 73c
MATINEE.. ir ...15c. 23c. 35c and 5C<j
Next Sunday Afternoon— Seven Happy Days
With Those Funny Fellows.
MURRAY AND MACK
Ard Their Big Company of 37 People. In
"SHOOTING THE CHUTES."
¦ ¦ Scats Ready Thursday.
"AN UNQUALIFIED HIT!"
EVENINGS at 8." MATINEE SATURDAY at 2.
The MASTER!
t * ' By the Authors of "Robin Hood."
! POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 cents
I . Telephone— Rush 9. •
tf% ft 1! II Syi D I A SA " FRANCISCO'S
IjULUgfOPlA LEADING THEATRE
GOOD-BY NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
- last ** m •'*'._., :
m^m DOWN
I ¦ 8AT. . ,- r •> - - -,
\ EAST."\
The , Most Charming Story of. Rural New
Hampshire Life Ever Presented..
NEXT MONDAY—
LOUIS JAMES and KATHRYN KIDDER
IN ; VA MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S DREAM."
THE PRISON OF THE POPE
LECTURE BY
REV. PETERG. YORKE
' For th« Benefit of ST. JOHN 1 S . PARISH. ;
(Rev. Father Brady, Rector.)
Thursday Evening. F ?M9Mi
At 8 o'clock.*
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
¦ V- FUth . and Jest Ip " Streets!.
TICKETS ...........I.............. .........60c"
FISCHER ? S CONCERT HOUSE,
f V*** 1 - P; .: Admission lOc.
. . Hanlon Singer, . Ida Howell, Waterman
Platen, v Little 'Alma ¦¦ Wuthrich. Hal. Conlett,
Ahern ; and ; Patrick ¦ and Hlnrlchs'.' Orchestra." ;
:- Reserved Seat.; 25c, Maticee Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
QFLAND" OPERA. HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY ANTJ SX.*XDAT.
AIX THIS WEEK.
HERBERT KELCET and EI^FIE SHAN-
NONS GREAT SUCCESS.
THE MOTH AND THE FLAME
PRICES— 10c. 13c, 25c. Me
A few front rows ln orchestra 73c. Good re- '
terved seat In orchestra at all matinees 23c
Branch Ticket Offlce— Emporium.
MONDAY— CHARLES ERIN VERNER. tha
Greatest Irish Comedian of the Day.
ln "ARRAH NA-POGUE."
" mart arriuu
Phone Souih 533. . .
NOW THOROUGHLY HEATED WITH STEAM
TO-NIGHT! . TO-NIGHT!
And Every Evening This Week. . — ».;' a
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Out of tie Orutast Pliyi Erar WrittJn with tha plat
ui story drawn fram thi l»ad af tat Ma»o<mt>.
DARKEST RUSSIA.
Thrilling Situations; Bright Comedy; Gorgeoua
Costumes.
A GREAT SCENIC PRODUCTION.
I AIULJ Matinees 10c 13c 33o
Next Week— "A CELEBRATED CASE."
First Appearance in Years of the Popular
Irl»h Comedian. JAMES M. WARD.
CHUTES ANDZOO.^JSg;^
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
TO-MORROW NIGHT-
THE AMATEURS IN SPECIALTIES
And THE LADY BARBERS.
Telephone f or Seats Park 13.
nil ipr These hotels pos- .
I A LA lit le " the *«"bat«s
- — J t^ Iat totirists and
3 II 0 tra 'el«" appreciate
__. .. —central location,
GR&NI1 Kberal , mana * e -
MllrtllLI tnent, modern ap-
LJHTCI 0 pointments and
nUltLui P« r '«ct cuisine.
- _ * * American and En-
San rranCISCO. ropean plans.
p "PATENTS J
MARKET bT. 3jT^S^
w/. t. Hess,
KCTABY PU3LI3 AJI3 ATrOSXir-Ar-IiAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckela Bide
Tclepbon* Brown 911.
Rnidtnce. 821 California st.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
#IIIIIA' lAflln A Rand Waterproof
I II llii 1 Smokeless Powder, ln bulk
¦ nil Hi aud l0tt(le<i ln "hells. Send
I Hi B for catalogue of sporting
UVliiy KOOds. OEO. W. SHU EVE.
TTTF. EMPOBJTTM. | THE EMPOBITJM. | THE EMPOEIUHL
$ six persons, P§ P*^!* 1 * • jo '-^^"^h Jgy ||j double frame -^
$ 4K " - VOlO&n1CUteBA2A2ll t « mantles for any j
Jf & l^Sm #O CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST— AMERICA'S .ORANDEST STORE gas burner, 35o *
»A ¦ _ m
I The Special Sales To-Day. $
| At ihis season of the year we are willing to make a loss on things that we have too $
5 too manv of— on ' goods that h3ve re^n soiled or mussed in displav — on lines :J
j£ -where sizes are broken or assortments ar: incomplete. Such goods must not be carried over into the new season. «J
If That accounts for our liberality in price-cutting on many lines. Other merchandise has been purchased in large '<€
K quantities under particularly favorable circumstancs for $pecul selling, so that January is the great bargain' month in *5
j£ the big store, and to-day will be one cf the best ot the bargain days. 3«
I JjL a. Special Jacket Sale |
Jf W3~g /uf^\ "* For Four Days and &{b . Lcnger. ' |
I W $1O.OO, $15.OO and $20.00 Jackets |
I-V?*ft\ for $5.OO. %
»f / Vy AfKsS Beginning to-day (Wednc-day) and continuing Thursday, Friday and Saturday until closing time, to £
% L(\T f//V reduce stock, we offer an enormous 1 ne of fine all-silk lined fitted back Jackets in all sizes, that Sj
*f y*yic_^IW7 were $ i o.oo, $15.00 and $20.00 for $5.00. These Jacktts are fine, fresh garments that are X
Jf VJ^^Pir nci>ner shopworn or out of date, every one of them all-wool and silk lined. There arc al! styles jj
ig rf*Xf^.^i'c:?M * n l^ c co^ ec « on — single and double breasted; high and low collars, light and dark colors £^/T 2
J^ . H C' \? • . and black, heavy rnd light weights; for four days, all at the one remarkable clearance price «^*P *•«»
•>* ' ; : ' ~~- : ' ' ! " j • •*
$ Safe of Heaters. Silk Sale, \ Sale of Caps. £
£ /Sgggi. TheK RUS ' ia Ir ° n C) ' in " BackD; C5 ,Si!k J ,imp 3 rteJand< } o m :«icweavJwehav, cosrd out the taj. jg?BZ\ ?
S a-sE—SSs djrs are nude to fit on a limited quant'ty of very high gride silk* «n« of » maau.'acturer s J^K^J^ >
K :-<£>d any ordin:r/ No. Z that we Invs c^cstd cut »¦» racton of thri r itockoi Man's Stid *££>*{+*•*<* -5
I Rochrtcror Center-draft «t.al worth, B!.efc MateU^e," Crepe Oar f Oys' Go|t Cap. m / F l^J X
ft SZV> . „, ; . -V ina, Mcirc Ve!our, Moire An iquc and sev- "ncy m xturcj — paidi, &Y
* ; -' •"¦ imr ' y c-al other fancy weaves. Tne»\ nlkt ar, aU P Wa b'ue jK^g> J . ( T J
* *P :ace of the chrarfryon pure dye and warranted to give goad wear— andbhek, M&g§5$k jp^^Si •*
S room quicklv and well; *l«i, regular prce from $i.a; to fi.8 S exccUent . }^9 *\t£f[hE/Z> 3
», , • '* u per yard, on tpscial sale to-iav A|J|- a$c Capj, W' J>*S*Lir^ «
* IMS regu'arprec li.ooeach; fw^^y) P only 8SC made of X^/ *
S J^^gPh^ I0O ° !tllt ? 0 " i r l f^ ma ; A^Sv to-day only, «ch $
X <&&F5§§K » !c '°- d3 >- (Wedne.d.y) <? ¦«.» and >V^^\ ' 4. *+ -J
$^%T* Sale Draperies. S d JSi« on ISc \
tf 1 Our buyer has picked up xooo yards of fine ~" — — — — -
v Sate of Comforters. Kft incy Cambric « * uitaYe for «mf,rt e r. n d Safe of Men's Suits, i
* vase oi cu , hJon C0Vfrs aRd draperies thln lilk . Toj many rf n^ m o >nd j
K Fancy Silkoline Ctvirtd ComfcrUrs, nL>d oline In fact, attractive p'adparttrnj in dit- 5,5 Qo Bu;ine» Suiti, hence our iale at 5
tf w:th gocd white cotton, tuft:d with wool by f ir .-nt colors, regulir jri« 10c per yari, on |,o. 75 wiU cominu= dur:ng this week '5
ft hand, fu'l ttandard $:ze, warm, light, bea th- apecial *ale Weinesday only £**% Single or double breasted Sack Coar, stylishlv J€
J. tul bed covering, on »pec:a'. 5alc gji g*^ <Ufl* dfsi d anJ hiad To dav and X
§ Wednesday only «7<»«jr __ K durin 5 week, Initead of Ji*. S o «id Ji' S .oo, 5
k» _ ¦ 2'Ll m y««r choice at $10*75 %
* Men's Furnishings. Sale of Scarfs. r-~**>~i~- I
* A «ptcial let of men's paid ca»me« and ... ,.,.. „ - K ' nf IOOO hemttitched **&*& OT brOCerteS. S
1 s»s g| «.,,.„ ,*,„!, saa^FaSa txu^m I
* Men's and Boys' Wooing y O^nci.ay) on T w*r iiy 39o*
r. CiOVOS — An jssorcd lot of Goa'skin -j.; Tomato Catsup — Snyder**, pmt3, regu'arly £
%' Gloves, with leather string fastening!, a!so C.f fl —X n\t*%m****%*%4t& 2 5 C J t>4z y cn^~" fcotde '©© X
«.- goatskin fl ; ece-lned glove;, with (S% *% _, &«MMG OT QJ VerCOaWS. Prunes-Choice new crop— 3 lbs 2SO X
J button fastenings, per pair &*J$ILm if you need a me lium we"ght rr fceavy Over- o _»_ _^ m - ~ *
%> . ccar, don't mi 1 this OTOorturity. We are 0^1© OF LlUUOrS. J J
2^ «?5»f£a fSMMtshinn TVinQ oventocVel in Men'* Kersey and Covert Brandy — Pur: California Grape, regularly X
% w u f.K H 7,rStVA C;otH Ov.rcoatsfor thi, time of the year, *3-<*> per gallon-on ip-cial sa'e to-dav *
I have a S o of these Hungarian C oth Cush- and fc > » (Wednesday), only $2.35 J'
* ,.nTop 5 ,,n attracts Pcnian patte im, Size J Sftf^S Dysl>l«d Rock and Rye-Goaranteed the $
% 21 x» mchrs, and worth regu arly . 5 ceach, -^ o«a.«lf »«•#«!• off qua'itv, regai!ar!y 9 ;c a bottle-^pecial *
k xvech mm!1 be paced on ,a.e to- * Q g+ xeguar , rice-, You c"n get a goo! " k- to^ay (Wednesday), only 7O C %
X day, ( Wednes Jay ) on y B%*%, line! Overcoat now, for ....... .^H. 25 Holland Gin-Fuli quart bottles, regularly J5
fc* - — — $ 1. 00 tach — t:-day only, . 75o
g Binding Castile Soap. Sale of Pictures. J
ainUingS. . » *- To-dar (Wednesday) ony.less than ha!f price X
£ We've bought 15.00 4 -yara piece* of good A b:g o: of Marsetl ei Cast le Soap, guaranteed f rr handsome line of chi'dren's 6ncy heads, X
«C quality b'-ack corduroy Skirt Binding, ;he genuine containing 7 a per cent oLre oil, a in wat . r coron facsimik,, these pretty W 5
J reguUr' width and a good fast black, at jutt hgh fra^ebath or toi'et soap, sold regularly „«. I0XI2 iache3 b size and mounteJ %
K hair r-gular prices. Made to ,et«i at 20: 20c a ar, i. orTe-ed it s?:cial m'c Wednes- on a^. Inch heav) . dark g^, mountJ X
* P rr pice-, on tprcia! si'c to-diy $ Q 4* only on barga n taDle in man larly a S c; special pric= to-!ay— 1^1 ¦*
Jf- (Wednesday) only «C#*ir aide, p;r bar B dm C etch. 12C '%
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free to the
Ruptured
Dr. W. S. Rice, tho Well-Known Authority,
Seads a Trial of His Famous Method
Free to All. .
Dr. W. S. Rice. 418 .W. Main street. Adams
N. T., will send free to any one who is tud-
tured or knows of any person ruptured, wheth-
t-r a man, woman or' child, a free trial of his
homo cure. It Is a marvelous method.
MR. R. W. YOUREX."
curing cases that dened hospitals, doctors
trusses, electricity I and all else. Merely send
, your name and address and. the free trial will
be sent without any cost to you whatever. R
W. Yourex. a well-known commercial traveler'
was ruptured ten years ago. tried ever»ttruBs
on the market, partly made up his mlnd"o un-
dergo the danper of an operation, when by the
greatest of good luck ho tried , tho Dr. Rico
method. He Is now cured. *•
.. Mr. -Yourex pays: "I tried Dr. Rice's meth-
od and It cured- me. I did not lose a day on
the road. Hundreds of merchant* and friends
ln Illinois, Wisconsin, /Minnesota • and Iowa
know the wonderful fact that this remarkable
method cured me and- I certainly feel thankful
enough to tell other ruptured 'people how thev
may\ profit by my experience." Mr. •¦ Yourex I
lives in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, at 3224 First av«
Every ruptured person ought to send at onci
and make a ' trial of this -¦ method that curex
without pain. : danger, operation or an hour's
loss . of time. : Boffin now, and by sprtnir you
will never know you had been rupture*.. Write
to-day sure. ; . • \
'J&82&SBSS&. ONE Piinro
rWmk B0TTLE tlintS
/ IMJ MCBURNEY'3
tH|, ¦'"''¦ ijrr A. thorough cure lor
tt\ i; . I C paina in the back,
>V t VTV BRICHT'S DISEASE, :
is5\, fl > femalo troubles, iacon- ;
tiuence of urine.' brick dn«t deposits, bed-
vetting of children, gravel, -gall atonot
dropsy, dlabete*. ono rn«iim«.tl«m.- ¦
¦ < - ' . . FOR BALE AT—-
THE OWL DRUG \ CO.?"* 1128 : Market it.
. ,,.: •. ,., , < ., —-AND ¦• AT i
DAHLBENDER DRUG CO.V214 Kearny st.,
; Senrt i 25c ¦ in 2c stamps to , W. F. r McBurnr j\'
J 418 : 8.' . Sprint? St.; f Los > Anireles, ; Cal;. * for 5
• days' - treatment. ; , Prepaid $1 50. '": Druggists.
Weekly Call,$U00 per Yq«Special r>lspatch to The Call
CARSOX, Nev., Jan. 22.— The first blow
In the lottery fight was struck to-day in
the Assembly. The lottery men Intended
to let thts matter rest until they were
properly organized, but the anti-lottery
forces took it up In an unexpected quar
ter. Assemblyman Wilson of lilko County
introduced the following resolution:
Whereas. A public rumor which has reached
the national legislative hails exists to the
eftect that the twentieth session of the Legis
lature of the State < f Nevada Intends passing
«n amendment to the constitution of the State
establishing a lottery In the State, whereby
the 8tate shall participate in the spoils plun
dered from the people; whereas, such rumor
is unjust to our F*opl*. injurious to the State
and &. direct reflection upon our honor and
upen the fidelity of ourselves to the pledges
taken by ut as set forth in the platforms of
all political parties in the State; whereas,
such rumor Is calculated Kreatiy to injure, the
chances of pending legislation in Congress of
special interest to the State, and is further
calculated to invite national action deprlvins
Nevada cf statehood by furnishing: a reason
therefore; whereas, the present session of Con
grees will soon be adjourned and it la neces
sary that the attitude of this Legislature on
the proposed constitutional amendment should
be brought speedily before Congress, and
whereas, we as members of the Assembly are
Hrmly opposed to the passage of any amend
ment to the constitution of this State, there
fore be it
Resolved. That a Joint committee of the
Legislature of the State of Nevada, to consist
of two members of the Senate and three from
the Assembly, be appointed to draft a
suitable memorial to Congress embodying the
views of the present session of thi* Legisla
ture upon the proposed lottery amendment.
Mr. Platt. representative of Ormsby,
moved that the resolution be laid on the
table. After an extended debate, the roll
call was demanded, which resulted in the
resolution being adopted by a vote of 35
to 3. The friends of the lottery claim that
the xiaFsage of the resolution doe? not in
any way defeat the plan. They contend
that it was merely a plan to force their
hand, but by voting "yes" with the
schemers it leaves the matter still in
doubt.
The question now before both parties is.
what action the Senate will take in the
matter. Should the resolution be turned
dewn In the session, the anti-lottery
foiccs will have lost the trick they played
for. As the resolution has been offered
without "history" or committee indoVse
nunt. it i? likely to be ignored In the Sen
ate. Neither house *has appointed com
mittees yet, and, as one lottery man
stated to-day, the resolution went off be
fore it was ready, thus losing its force.
The fact that friends of the lottery
arr.endment voted for Wilson's resolution
makes It of no value for or against the
lottery.
Friends . of the Proposed Measure,
However, Are Still Confident
and Claim the Matter Is
Not Yet Settled.
Assembly Adopts Resolu
tion Opposing the
. Scheme.
ANTI-LOTTERY
WINS IN NEVADA
How It Goes in Kansas City.
Durlnsr the present cold and grip season
sixty-three thousand boxes of Laxative Bromo-
Qulnlne have been purchased by the following
wholesale drug- houses of Kansas City: Evans-
Em! th Drcr Co. and Faxon, Horton &'Oal
lctfjer.- - .- •-. , . ¦.-..¦ •¦¦
TEN STUDENTS SUSPENDED
.FROM IOWA UNIVEBSrrY
Kidnaped and Held President of the
Fresbman Class Prior to the
Annual Banquet.
DES MOINES. Iowa, Jan. 22.— President
MacLean of the State University to-day
suspended ten students of the sophomore
class for having kidnaped' the freshman
class president on the evening of the an
nual class banquet. On the evening of the
14th inst. ten students grabbed President
Stiles of the freshman class on the street,
hustled him Into. a hack tand. drove him
ten miles into the country, where he was
locked in a farmhouse and kept there for
two weeks. JIITMPtr^V'IHIfTllfc'IH (> JlfHIMIIMlllfl
Favor a Direct Vote.
ST. PAUL.. Jan. 22.— By a vote of 114. to
1 the House of Representatives to-day
adopted a joint "memorial: to Congress
urging the adoption of a - constitutional
amendment for the. election of United
States Senators by direct vote, of .the peo
ple. BHHMBfl
QUARREL ENDS
IN STABBING
Theatrical Manager Injured
by Music Dealer of
Los Angeles. •
SANTA ANA, Jan. 22.— As the result' of
a quarrel between two well-known resi
dents of Santa "Ana this morning F.'. F.
Pyne was stabbed by /William-McCul
loch, receiving a painful but not a dan
gerous wound, and ; McCulloch received
several cuts on the head, inflicted by an
iron wagon spindle In the hands of Pyne
_McCulloch is. manager of the "Grand
Opera-house and Pyne is a local music
dealer. The controversy arose over a dis
pute concerning the removal of a piano
from the opera-house by Pyne. which he
had placed there in return ; for certain
advertising privileges on the drop cur
tain. McCulloch claims that he used 'his
knife In self defense, while Pyne asserts
that McCulloch opened the knife and at
tacked him. • •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Accidentally Killed.
• WATSONVILLE, Jan. 22.— A fatal acci
dent occurred here this afternoon «n
which Vialliary Sheehy was • killei
Young Sheehy, while walking about the
premises of a Japanese house, discovered
a loaded ¦ shotgun . and while handling it
the. weapon was discharged. r>ecease.l
was a native of this valley, aged 10 years
' It -was with- difficulty that the people
were restrained* from lynching the captive,
who was, taken to Hopklnsville for safe
keeping. . .
The two who escaped were overtaken
six miles from Flippen, Ky. One was
killed and the other wounded and cap
tured. ;£9gHnjHBHMMn9BikSB8Hi3RBXI
"and general store conducted by Burnler
& Hall in Trousdale County, were over
taken to-day In the woods near Flippen.
Ky. The officers and citizens surrounded
an abandoned loghouse in which the trio
took shelter and a preacher named Denzy
and his son rushed forward and pushed
open the door, when they were fired upon.
Denzy was killed and his son fatally
wounded. A general fusillade followed
during which two of the robbers escaped
and the other was captured, after being
dangerously shot.
HARTSVILLE. Tenn., Jan. 22— Three
safe-blowers who robbed - the postofflce
High-wayman Is Killed and Two
Badly Injured.
As the Result of the Fusillade One
POSSE HAS DESPERATE
FIGHT WITH ROBBEKS
LINCOLN, Jan. 22.— The first number
of The Commoner was Issued to-night un
der the personal direction of Its editor
and owner, W. J. Bryan. Some four or
live hundred friends were present. At 8
o'clock Bryan shed hla coat and hat and
mounted upon the feeder's stand. by the
press. With the assistance of the fore
man he got the first sheet down to the
pins and the signal was givenS ¦
The motive power was furnished by
Uncle Jake Wolfe, the veteran Democra
tic editor. Bryan fed a dozen or more
papers Into the giippers on one press and
took the half-printed sheets to another,
where the operation was repeated. Then
he tried the folder, but pave It up. Each
one present was given a souvenir copy
wlth Bryan's signature and his compli
ments at the top of the first page. The
first edition will be D0.000. The, paper Ja
set partly In double leaded long primer
and partlv in brevier.- The pages are
eight. In number, 11 by 14 Inches. The
magazine Is set in columns eighteen ems
wide and carries advertising.
chanical Department in Its
« ' Work.
Democratic Leader Assists the Me-
FIEST..NUMBEE OF
BRYAN'S PAPEB ISSUED
Spectal Dispatch - to The Call.
WICHITA, Kans., ; .Jan. 22.— Insurance
companies to-day 'canceled- all their poli
cies on saloon fixtures in .Wichita.
Judge Dale, In the District Court this
afternoon, ordered the release of Mrs.'Car
rie' Nation, Mrs. Julia Evans and Mrs.
Lucy Wilholte, the three women who yes
terday afternoon wrecked two saloons with
rocks and canes. Their bond. was placed
at $1000 each, and was Immediately given.
The women went at once to the ; W.' C. TV
U. headquarters, where a prayer meeting
was held, and it was officially decided,
upon to wreck more saloons in Wichita
at the first opportunity.
Twenty men have signed a pledge to
follow the example of Mrs. Nation/ Kvery
saloon in Wichita to-night is strongly
Cuardcd. - .
Because last night Mrs. Nation slapped
the Sheriff's ears when she was arrested
with her. two companions she was placed
on bread and: water to-day:
•Early this morning fifty men surrounded
the Jail and talked loudly about lynching.
This, it is supposed, was to frighten Mrs.
Nation and her assistants-. The mob was
ordered away by the Sheriff.'- This morn
ing formal charges of ; malicious destruc
tion of property • were placed j against 5 the
three women, -but .were not sworn to by
any of the saloon men, 1 but by owners 'of
buildings which were damaged.
Mrs. ¦ Nation's attorney^ declares they
cannot be prosecuted for wrecking even
the buildings, because there is a Taw In
Kansas which denies the owners of build
ings the right of renting;them to saloon
men. Many saloon men have made threats
to kill Mrs. Nation if she dares enter
their place -of business. She laughs at
their threats. . .'. i^ji'\Hitffiilbt^*mlW 1 W>a*VJFlt£ii*
David Nation, husband of the leader of
saloon wreckers, says: v :
V "I am going to have Governor . Stanley
arrested for failure to do his duty : and
enforce the laws. I will appeal to the Leg
islature to Impeach him. ¦: There ¦ are • pro
hibition laws in this State and they should
be enforced." , ;SJSBEg|t3BiSSSfe' '¦ > I
• BRADFORD, HI., Jan. ; 22.— Mamie .'Kelly
and Florence Fry - wrecked ' two saloons
at Harmon because t the proprietors ¦ sold
liquor to their brothers, who are • minors.
The W. C. T. U. Is defending them. The
saloon-keepers threaten - to prosecute the
temperance organization for < raffling
Quilts. . -; •¦•:,= ¦ - . r ,-.
. HARTFORD CITY, '¦ Ind., Jan. 2.-Be
cauBe her husband had sold her chickens
and bought whisky with lha money, Mrs.
William Towns ; to-day,' * after - having
horsewhipped Towns In a crowded street,
endeavored to wreck a v saloon. -. She > de
clares she will 'begin- a Carrie Nation cru
sade here: «j51Q3tt&&9lHHKBfitHMMflaAKaf
Twenty Wichita Men Agree
to Emulate Mrs.
Nation. ;
grandmother. Two years ago their mother
eloped with Curtis E. Smith, a cook, and
came to" this city. They continued to
live with their grandmother until last
Friday, when she sent them on here, as
she said she could not support them.
Mrs. Schorr gave them no money, but
STRONG GUARDS
AROUND SALOONS
INCIDENTS IN A JOURNEY OF
THREE YOUNGSTERS ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
er of this note, Harry Arnell, and his j two
brothers. L*o and Earl Arnell, are taken safe
ly to Curtis E. Smith, their stepfather. .¦ His
number is 783^4 • Market street, San Francisco,
Cal. Their mother Is also In the city. If you
please, see that they are taken car* > of and
thank you ever bo much. Please let me know
if they arrive nafe. Respectfully yours.
KATIE SCHORR.
21C5 South Eleventh St., St. Joseph. Mo.
Detective Coleman and Officer McMur
ray of the Society for the Prevention 'of
Cruelty to Children were detailed on the
case, and they ascertained that Smith, the
boys, stepfather, worked as solicitor until
last Thursday for H. C. Decker, real es
tate agent. 1020 Market street. Smith was
In Decker's office Saturday In connection
with the sale of a cigar-stand at 155
Fifth street. At 783% Market street they
learned that Smith, before leaving there,
said he was to apply for a divorce from
his wife. She did not live there, so it is
supposed they have been living 1 apart for
some time. —
A man supposed to be a -native of Swe
den had been calling at the lodging-house
looking after Smith's letters, and said
that Smith was living /at 1118 Market
street. Inquiry at that number, however,
disclosed the fact that neither Smith nor
the man from Sweden was known there.
The officers. are keeping up the search
and expect to finally locate the missing
stepfather. ,*<_/.
TIENTSIN. Jan. 22.— It is reported «.n
German circles that unless the peace ne
gotiations are . satisfactorily concluded
early next month, an expedition will be
organized to bring Emperor Kwang Su
and Prince Tuan to Peking. *
PEKING, Ja)i. 22.— To-day the foreign'
envoys discussed the report of the Chin
ese plenipotentiaries, especially in the
matter of punishments, and exempted Tsl
Lien and Tsl-Wing as- being. less guilty
than the others.
The reply to the Chinese note will be de
livered Thursday. It will emphasize the
point that the signing of the -. agreement
will bo without value unless good faith is
shown by acts and -that it will be abso
lutely useless to expect the removal of the
troops or concessions upon the part of the
allies until China conclusively proves hor
good intentions. Russia has almost com
pleted the turning over of the railroads
to' the Germans. .
Count- von -Waldersee expects to leave
early In April. The Germans say they
will keep the railroad temporarily . as a
military necessity. The British object to
this course and the- matter will be ro
ferred-to the Home Governments.
Report That Expedition May
Be Sent After Emperor
of China.
AMONG the passengers, by the
overland train yesterday morn
ing: were three small boys from
St. Joseph, Mo., each of whom
had a tag on his breast suspended
by a string around his neck. Written on
the tags were the lads' names and the
information that they were "going to C.
E. Smith, 783% Market street. San Fran
cisco." The boys are Harry, Earl and Leo
Arnee, aged 9 years, 5 years and 3 years
respectively. When they reached this
eide of the bay Sergeant Mahoney took
them In charge and handed them over to
Policeman O'Callaghan, with the Instruc
tion to deliver the youngsters according
to directions. O'Callaghan went to the
address named on the tags and was in
formed that Smith had left there a few
days previous and was supposed to be liv
ing at 118 Sixth street. .The officer went
there, but was told that no one of the
name of Smith" lived in the house." The
boys were taken to the City Prison and
placed in care of the matron.
They are bright, intelligent boys, and
do not seem at all awed by their present
surroundings. Harry said that his fath
er, who was a boiler-maker, died about
three years ago and the family went to
live with Mrs. Kate Schorr, the boys*
MAYFORCE KWANG
SU TO RETURN
Leave Only His Head Above Ground,
Set a Plate of Food Near,
, and Let Him Slowly
Perish.
v , - - »'
Speeial Dispatch to The Call.
¦;¦* RICHMOND, Va.. Jan. 22.— In a letter
to Luther L. Cheatwood of this city
Clarence Worner, formerly of PJchmond,
now quartermaster sergeant of Company
A, Twenty-seventh United States Volun
teers, in the Philippines, gives 'a graphic
account of the municr of one of the
United States officers. He says:
"The Ladrones are still keeping up their
trade-in various portions of the island and
only a few weeks ago City Engineer Wil
son of Manila, who was also superintend
ent of water works, was murdered by tha
Ladrones in the middle of the day and
rdbbed of about $1800 in gold. He was on
his way to oui* station to pay off the em
ployes at- the pumplrig station and had
refused a military escort.
"All the Ladrones concerned in the mur
der, eight in number, have since been
caught by Companies 13 and P. They were
tried by a military: commission and con
fessed. They will be hanged in a few
weeks.
"One of the accused caused the death
of Second Lieutenant Brewer of the
Twenty-seVenth Infantry, U. S. V., while
the latter was on his way to Manila with
one private as escort. The latter was
shot down and Lieui«jnant Brewer,
against whom a Filipino had a special
grudge, was carried ott hv him and somo
companions into the mountains to a de
serted pit.
"LJemenant Brewer's hands and feet
were tied to his body and the unforunate
man was buried alive in an upright posi
tion, with only his head protruding out o*
the ground. After setting a dish of food
before him. Just near enough for him to
look at it, 'the barbarous natives left him
to die in the wilderness. ¦
"All these facts have just come to light
and the execution of the Ladrones ¦who
murdtred Wilson has been postponed so
that the accomplices in the Brewer 'oui*
rage may be brought lo light."
MANILA CTLAIMS DISALLOWED.
Merchants of Iloilo Not to Bs Reim
bursed for War Losses.
MANILA, Jan. 22.— The disallowance by
the military board of the claims of Hol
man &.Co., merchants of Iloilo, for dam
age to and destruction of property during
the period of appeasement, which findings
have been approved by General MacAr
thur, establishes a precedent against
recompensing for similar property losses
in ttie territory in which the war opera
tions were conducted. -Some claims, nota
bly that of the Manila and Dagupan Rail
road, which are now before the board,
will probablj- go to the Court of Claims
at Washington, and possibly eventually
to Congress.
The oath of allegiance has been admin
istered in a church at Vigan to over 1000
persons; who acknowledged they had con
tributed to the insurgent cause.
¦ In his farewell address to the troopers
of the Eleventh Cavalry, which will leave
on February 1 to be. returned home, Gen
eral MacArthur said:
• "The chief advantage on occasions of
this sort is the engendering of a warlike
spirit, without which no nation can con
tinue to live and by which alone a nation
is created and made perpetual." :..
The Twenty-seventh Regiment will sail
February 5, and the Thirteenth February
Filipinos Practice Horrible
Brufality Upon a
. Lieutenant.'
BURY AMERICAN
SOLDIER ALIVE
THE S Ay FRAN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1901.
Harry, Earl and Leo Arnell in Hands of
Police While Detectives Search for
Curtis E. Smith, Their Stepfather,
and Their Mother.
provided them with a basket of food,
which kept them supplied all the way.
,They were taken to the station at St.
Joseph by their aunt. The conductor on
the train was kind to them, and they* had
a good time. Harry presented a letter
addressed to the Chief of Police, which
reads as follows:
St. Joseph, Mo., January 18, 1901. -
To Chief of Police- of Ban Francisco, Cal.—
Dear Sir: Would you please sec that the bear-
THREE LADS JOURNEY HERE
AND BECOME PUBLIC CHARGES
8
Why Paine's Celery Compound Is the
1 Best Remedy in the World,
a*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RQEESEEBSBKZLlESBBBBEESi
I I
S Si
1 Our Annual ¦
| Reduction §
I Sale. I
¦ ¦
¦ Discount and Over B
a ...On... B
| Art Goods j
i And Pictures, i
| Crockery and S
I Glassware, l
¦ Commencing g
85 B
¦ Monday, January 21. g
| S. & G. GUMP CO. |
| 113 Geary Street. S
¦ a
2 ¦
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦a
S KtoCsi — - — *"i IGSMrfli l
9 bTTi dSC« 'I I li HKnJaA^B It
I K5Tk£I ' :7-l : jMKPJRX a
I 1t3I1b^^>^-* Jj < ...-^jgBiBMpg I
@VIM, VIGOR, VITALI TY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
year* br the leader* ot th«
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowera. Positively cure* the
worst cases in old and young
•rising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, exceese* or
dKarrUe-sinoklna:. Curea Loit
Manhood. Impon-ncy. Lost
J'owrr. Xisrht Loenes. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Deelren, Lame IJack,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Kemen. aa? Varteoc*4e. or Con-
f tir-aUon. Stop* Ne- f^ Km r*ou« Twitching
of Eyellda. Eff«t»2r,J!JL»r* Immediate.
Impart viaror and *»^« * » potency to every
function. Don't ret derpondent: a cure is at
hand. Restores ranall. undeveloped orjrans.
HtltnulatAfl the brain aad nerve center*: 60c a
box: C fcr $2 SO by mail. A' written guarantee to
cure or moa«T refunded with 6 boxea. Circulars
fr*e. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO./ 40 Ellis
rt.. San Francisco, Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO..
2J and 40 Third st.
A vib:? OR, JORDAN'S oREAt*
OFfifiaTOHYf
\ • (Hf The Lft-'fMt Aratccictl Mu«eua> in the \
Q iZafca- World, WekkvetMa or any contracted A
~ 'SSfSH d»eaiepe«IUwrl7eBii»«bythe«4de*tT
4 »^K fi 0»-*3RCWI-PRnfATE DISEASES 4
' *<®»8r ..CcoraltstJoB tnn tnd strictfy printe. \
a t XiWa Tn»imcM peitonaliy r« Ly letter. A 4
W E flf rn V A»Jt»» Ctmiaersrycasaaodertafcca. \
ABM lt& Wrhe far Boole. PKILOSOrnVvr/b
"• I ll« HJLstmtAeat. HjULua fub. tAW.
i A ft/ valwM. boos tor meal \
7 no. Son D A K A V.. Jtttl Market 8t .& P. f
O^ay^'^^aV'^-^'tfc'^^'^^Vttva
Advance in
OH Stocks
The necessary machinery, derrick, tim-
bers and drilling tools of the Bella Vista
Oil Syndicate are being placed In position,
and actual operations in San Ma-
teo County have commenced. The non-
assessable stock of this company will
be advanced to 23 cents a share not later
than February I. and In all probability
much sooner, as several large blocks have
been subscribed which will exhaust the 10-
cent Issue, and notice of this fact has
been sent to the stockholders, many of
whom are doubling their holdings by the
purchase of stock now at 10 cents per
share. Now is your last chance.
The offices of the company, room 7,
ground -floor. Mills building, San Francis-
co, Cal.. present a busy scene, giving In-
formation and prospectus to intending
purchasers.
, <:£lI>*3P' injection.
i; A PERMANENT CURE
! ! o'* 11 ?™ 084 obstinate cases of Gonorrhoa
2 and Gleet, guaranteed In from 3 to 6
< o*ys ; no other treatment required.
5 . » Sold l»y aU drnggista. - ¦
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Llste Halloa
- on Application.
-COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON.
1 C Till SflV * CO w Street.
J- W- niLOUl.1 IS WU«. Telephone Mala 1884.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAS RfiVFS£fft Shippinu Butchers. .104
JA> OU1C3 II wU- ciay. Tel. Main xito.
- - OILS. x^
LUBRICATIXO OTLS. LEONARD tt ELU3,
418 Front st. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTING.
EC HUGHES, maJSSgyg^a.F.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDER3.
THE H1CKS-JUX>I> CO..
. \ .S3 Flr«t at., San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER,
Telerryhlo PARTRIDGE «» %"£**
VBITE ASn STEM COAL. SRUg
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at its OREEM
RIVER COLLIERIES, is th« Best Coal la Um
market. Offlc* and Yards— 130 Main atx««t.
"When everything else has failed.
Paine's celery compound has brought me
back to health."
The thousands of Instances where this
has been said— the scores of people In
every community who have told this sim-
ple story; the downright, hard, cold facts;
the grateful acknowledgements of men
and women who. have suffered from the
diseases that have their origin In impaired
nervous systems and sluggish. Impure
blood— these are what have made Paine's
celery compound far and away the one
remedy above all others that physicians
prescribe and the public Indorse.
; It Is hy l merit, and merit alone, that
Paine's celery compound has achievexi its
wonderful pre-eminence, not only In this
country, but. throughout the civilized
world. ~\ --• ¦ '. . ' .'. - '
After the unfortunate person who Is all-
Ing because the blood needs new life and
the nerves require nature's food finally
tries Paine's cplerr. compound and gets
Immediate relief, another W added to the
great multitude of people whose praise of
this remedy has made the demand for ..it
many- times larger than that of all other
remedies put together.
A person must have lost all confidence
in his fellowmen who can read the follow-
ing letter • and - not- be convinced of the
great benefit Paine's celery compound has
done, is doing and will continue to do for
sick and nervous people wherever It finds
them.
When a sick man or woman finds that
he or she has taken a remedy that has
actually done for him or her all that Is
claimed for it— It can be safely predicted
what will follow. Every acquaintance,'
sick or well, will be told about It.
General Rodriguez has written down his
experience in the hope of helping others
who may be so afflicted. The general Is
to-day connected with the civil govern-
ment of Havana. During the struggle for
Cuban independence he rose from the
ranks to the grade of brigadier general,
and in 1S96 won a decisive victory over
General Campos.
General Rodriguez was a very sick man.
He was as near nervous prostration as
one can be and live. five years' suf-
fering his first good night's sleep came
Immediately upon his taking Paine's cel-
ery compound. Hl3 letter reads:
"Dear Sirs: For five years I had not
had a good night's rest. I had a serious
case of nervous prostration, my strength
seemed to be leaving me and I felt tired
and weak all the time. My blood was im-
pure and . I suffered from pains In - the
back, constipation and an Inactive liver.
I had no appetite and no ambition. I was
constantly consulting- physicians, | and It
seemed as though I was nearly ready to
die. Providence ?cnt me a bottle of Paine's
celery compound. and|thls erreat remedy
cured me of all the irritable symptoms
with which I was sfflicted. I can frankly
and sincerely *;ay that had It not been for
Paine's celery compound I would to-day
be either In the cemetery or In the Insane
asylum. Amons the many prominent peo-
ple who testify to the virtues of Paine's
celery compound are Santiago Rodriguez,
M. D.: J. M. Bracho, Edwardo de la Torre,
Porflrio Masvidal. E. F. Gato. O. E. Pine-
da. Pedro Herrera y Hermanns A. Rlncon.
Andres Angulo, Aurello de Varona Que-
sada. Very truly yours,
W "GEN. J. M. RODRIGUEZ."
Xo remedy ever had the outspoken ap-
proval of men so highly esteemed in busi-
ness and professional life. Xo remedy ever
deserved so well of people In- the ordinary
walks of life, and none ever got such In-
stant recognition from the discerning pub-
lic. Its success has been confined to no
one class of society.
paine's ceilehy compound.
I Pie Crust |
• made with s
i"Ko-Nut"
H Is Flaky, Digestible ar.d has no B
H smell of strong lard. §
I "KO-NUT" I
g A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat for |3
y Shortening and Frying. n
I A perfect superseder of Butter. H
fij Lard and Compounds. a
I Ask Your Grocer or Write. n
India Refining Co., 1
Philadelph^. |
DH. WGHO WOO TEA AND HE SB SANITARIUM.
764-766 CLAY STREET.
San ' Francisco. Dec. 24. 1900.
WWIBgli* To all whom It may concern:
¦ In December, 1899. I was takes
'DC a sick with Black Typhoid Fever.
fLj, ¦. 9 ' the most virulent type known to
' tfy» JL . medical sclenae. I had hemor-
J|flj*v rhages. both nnsal and lntestl-
t&S&IG&fX*?} rial, fight of the latter occur-
YrJtfWt'VVr rln ? in one Aa ?- Dr - w °ng
*9*¥mlWir . Woo. the eminent Chinese phy-
sician-' was called, and with one do?e of his
tea stopped' the flow of blood, thereby saving
my life, as I had been given up by my white
physician, as well as by all my frttnd*. Was
unconscious four weeks, but by Dr. Wong Woo's
wonderful skill he saved my life from this most
fatal of all fevers. Although I was confined to
my bed three months.- was able to resume my
vocation in six months from the time I went to
bed, and now I weigh 202 pounds, more than 1
bad ever attained previously. I would cheerfully
recommend Dr. Won r Woo to any one in. need
of a first-class physician for any- cause whatso-
ever.— RALPH . N. FOLKS, 315 Golden Gat*
ave., Ean Francisco. Cal.
fiSfc CHICHESTER'3 ENGLISH
PENNYftOyJll, PILLS
" H.-<K*V •.: *>H«1"«I ¦¦«> Only Oea»l«e. . „
F- r J/%*,?\8AFE. AtwiT« rtllthle. Ladle*, uk Drantat
CUICHESTElfS ENGLISH
lW<i£»W$5\ In KF.I» »n4 Uol.t uctallle boic. •»!«!
E\ ' with blM ribbon. Toko •« other. Rcfnaa
T?1 9^ WJ Dnvmu it.V.UtuUoa. at> J Imlt*.
I / *" > f/T tloaa. Buy ef yoar Prnggiit. or t*nd 4e. la
I «•»' ¦ Jf lumps tor Particulars, TentimonUlo
\r* © i «n4'* Relief r«rL*4l<«,» lit Utttr.bj re.
_A - 1/ .turn Mall. 1<>,O«tO Trttrraoniali. S«:.l t,»
- - : — ' - an XnMtf\n*r- Chlehe«ter Chemical O«l
Mention thl. p» P er. U«l!i»a Sa-mrr. FUIU™ v7l
?VrfgKigg^t**,! n BU €5 Is a non-poiwnota
Sfca BfewP remedy for Gonorrhoea,
JESB^c.VKF.^%^ Olcet. Spermatoirhaa.
JfSaw ia 1 to6d»r«-^a Whitoo. unnatural dlj-
dHf Gaanaucd \g cbargt .or any inflarama-
ni set to itristare. , tion, i ritatloa or nlcera-
JPr«Tea:» eonucioa. tion ,1 mncoai mfm«
RSmTH^EvtKS ChEUIRuCo. branea. Kon-astringent.
mA e:neiN)HTi.a .BB5EH SoId *>* »rn BJC i»t»,
U.S.A. JKiSL or «Pnt in plain wrapper,
3WB»W by exprew prepaid, for
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAN'A 'BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; elves health and
etrergth to sexual organs. Depot, 33 Market.
' ' ' • • • '-¦¦¦''..;, •¦¦¦¦*-¦'¦_ " ¦ . - ¦ Eg
I Pianola's ftepertoire 1
H Is over ten thousand picccs^and new ones are being pro- En
9 duced each month. Overtures, symphonies, operas, rag- fig
¦tt time, dance and sacred music,) are 'available at; any time. 0
|H Your mood suggests what you. want. It also plays ac- M
BH companiments for the voice, violin and cello. If you. have »®
n never heard these wonderful instruments, do so at ones. ($£
i,B "A<pleasure to "show it to' the 'curious, as well as intending . B
; ¦ purchasers. For. sale 'only, by. .-.....-- £»
\ kOHLBRSr CHASE J
26-30 Of ARRELL^STREET. JJMercantile library Association."
At a meeting of the Mercantile Library
Association the following ticket was nom
inated, those elected to serve for the rear
1901: ... ' :^i : *'«"^ ¦ '
For president. George Aimer Xewhall; vice
president. Tbomaa C. Van Xes»; treasurer. Al
fred K. I>nrbrow; recording secretary. Latham
MrMullin; corresponding secretary. John "W
Tirl<nc*; trustees. Charts Carpy, Isidore
Burns. Benjamin Edson, William O. Badger
Daniel Roth. Charles F. Doe. J. w. Allyne'.
D. D. Ssattuek. L. H. BontstelL'
Stationary Engineers.
The following named. have been elected
officers of the . National Association of
Stationary Engineers. 1 California No.'3,
recently oreanijsed: A. ;iL Locke, : past
president; H.. Saville. president; .T. : P Jar
vis, vice president; M.- Peters.. secretary;
C. M. -Blackmail, financial secretary;; F.
E. Smith, treasurer; M. .Holbrook, con
ductor; M. Xutall. doorkeeper. and
Messrs. Golvold, - Van der , Naillen and
Hynes, trustees.
Dies of Starvation/
Mrs. V«*hinnemann,«. he unfortunate old
woman who was left alone and neglected
in -her room at 115% Converse street, sick
and' without food, succumbed to her'suf
ferings at midnisht of Monday. The au
topsy at the Morgue yesterday by Morgue
Surgeon Baclgalupl shewed that the worn
an had died, of starvation. She was a
native cf Ireland. 75 \-eaxs old.
Blum Makes General Denial.
August Koehncke. 2S0S Greenwich street,
handed Captain Seymour a letter yester
day which he had received from R. B.
Blum, the married man; said to be the
cause of Miss Florence Bell's euicide a*
her sisters residence at the Five Mile
House. The letter was postmarked San
Jes* and dated "San Leandro. January
20." Blum denies that he ran away With
Mrs. Nlpja. the wife of a soldier, or that
he wrote the anonymous letter to John
Bell, the pirl's brother, who threaten* to
kill him on sight. He explained the note
he wrote the^jcirl before her death, ask
ing for money, by stating that he had at
various times loaned her $20. He denied
that he was engaged to her or that he bad
expressed any love for her.
Three Insolvents.
pptSt'.cns In lr.sc'.vtr.cy were filed yes
terday In the I'nited fetates EHstrict Court
p.? follows: M. O. Morjan, farmer. Dlx
rri. liabilities $10.63 *1, nssets J212; Gcor^
T. Bowman, merchant. San Francisco, lia
bilities ST112 EL assets $^4; William YV.
Miller, racnufacturcr's agent, liabilities
£3.044 Zl, no assets.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees cf divorce were granted yester
day to Charles M. Dakin from Meta 5.
I>akin for desertion, Mary M. Cole from
Harry A. Cole for failure to provide and
Dominlco de Rollery from Assunto de
Rollery for desertion- The petition of Ed
ward Erendage for a divorce from. Jul'a
Brendage rras denied by Judge Graham
and Brendage was ordered to pay his wife
$40 a month for her support. Suit? for di
vorce were filed yesterday by Mary Eloise
Fredericks against George Orrin Frede
ricks for cruelty, Thomas J. Hardy
against Anna Hardy for desertion, Leah
Tuchler against Frank Tuchler for cruel
ty. Attilie Wolehow against Albert Wol
chow for intemperance and Rosa Zuber
buehler against Conrad Zuberbuehler for
desertion.
How It Goes in San Francisco.
rvurlng the pre»er.t cold and grip season forty
eifcht thouMumi seven hundred and twenty
boxes of Bromo-Quiniri-» have been purchased
by tat following wholesale drug houses of San
Francisco: Redlnxton & Co., Langley & Mich
ael Co..' Mack & Co. and Richards & Co. • *
BOLD BUEGLAB VISITS
POTJNDXEEPEB, WALTON
Daring Miscreant Breaks Into th*
Animals* Home and Secures
Some Booty.
¦ Detective! Fitzgerald and Graham cf
the local police department are dlligently
ef&rrhir.g for the bursrlar or burglars who
fcroke into the animals' home, or public
pound, at fiixteerth and Alabama streets.
ard robbM the city and county of $S and
PoundmastPr J. \V. Walton of other valu
.-?h:>=!=. A w«k ago Saturday night the
tr.lrf pried op^n a window on tne Six
teenth street side and gained an entrance.
He th^n u?r-d h;? jimmy in bursting open
tha Fuperinr^ndent's desk. The raoney
tfcat had rwH-n collected for Sacs and some
pirtM* «nd a quantity of cartridges were
taken. Th» case was frsmediately report- ,
c-d to the police, but as yet they have not
apprehended the burglar..
CONFIDENCE GAME OF
EX-CONVICT EDWABDS
Obtains Money From Leading- Hotels
on "Faks" Dispatches Ad
dressed to Himself.
Lv W. Edwards, an ex-convict, has been
working a confidence game that has land
ed him in the City Prison, and to-day he
will be booked on three charges of ob
taining money by false pretenses.
His "gTaft" was to register at a leading
hotel as an army or naval officer. After
registering he would leave the hotel and
send a messenger boy with a "fake" dLs
patch addressed to himself, on which
there was S3 50 to collect. The pueM, be
ing, as It was puppo.«*^d, an army officer,
was not suspected and the money would '
be handed to the messenger boy, who
would then give It to Edwards, to whose
account the sum would be charged. At
the Occidental he registered as "Lieuten
ant C. V. Sn»th<?"* and at the Russ House
as "Lieutenant C S. Neville."
The police were notified and Detectives
Wren and Dinan were detailed on the
case. Instructions -were left at the hotel?
to notify headquarters at once if Edward.^
should make hie appearance. Yesterday
afternoon the clerk at the California Ho
tel telephoned that a messenger boy had
called -with a dispatch for General Barnes,
with $2 50 to collect.
The boj- was detained and Detective
Hamill was sent to the hotel. He ar
ranged with the boy. Harry Soto. to signal
to him -wrhen Edwards made his appear
ance. The boy did so, and Edwards bolt
ed, but Hamill soon overtook him. Ed
wards was pent to San Quentln from Sls
kiyou County for two years for forgery
and was released but a. few weeks ago.
JUDGE OOKXtAM" CAULS
GLAZE MUBDEB CASE
Court Grants Continuance Until Fri
day at the Bequest of the
Prosecution.
TJia r^llrn'.nary examination ef Robert
E. Glaze on the rhar?<? of murder for
shooting and killing his partner. William
Trewh*!!a, In the Windsor Hotel. Market
and Fifth streets, en January 14. was to
liave comm^ncod before Judjre Conlan yes
terday afternoon, but at the request of
Assistant District Attorney Weller a con
tinuance r.-as granted till Friday morning
at li o'clock.
Vt"b«-n the «?a*e was oslled Weller said
ifcat Corporal Russell, who was preparing
a diagram of the scene of the shooting,
•would not bo ready for a day or two. and
as It -wes to have the diagram
fcf- Efked for the continuance.
Attorney W. W. Foot<?. who represents
r» deffcadant. raid he would not object
to the continuance on the understanding
that thf- rase would go on at the next
railing, which -was asreod to. and the con
tinuance *jf granted till Friday morning.
The defendant's wife sat beside htm in
The cotrrtronm and ac?ojppani*d him to
£n<J from, tne City Prisofff " His two step
r-nr.s -p.-cr<? also in court, as -were some
fri^Tidp. who chatted with h!m for a few
minutes after court adjourned.
Marine Insurance Increased.
The underwriters will take no chances
with the Alaska fleet this spring. Last
year there were many wrecks, particular
ly around Nome, and the losses were
heavy. This year they propose to e\-en
up a little if possible. Ata meeting of
the Marine Lnderwriters' Associations
held vesterday it was decided that on all
vessels taking the "outside" passage to
Alaska the rate should be 9 per cent,
while. all vessels talcing the. "inside" pas
sage, going north ef Cornox, B. C. must
pay 15 per cent. Even at these figures
the "risk" will be only taken for six
months, so it looks very much as though
the underwriters were going Into the
gambling business themselves and were
now "posting the odds."
The Charmer's cargo and freight money
are alone Insured and she Is classed as
overdue, yet all the underwriters will pay
to reinsure her is 15 per cent, while an
equally staunch ship bound from here to
Nome or St. Michaels will be charged the
same rate before leaving port.
Steamer Hyades Libeled.
Salusto Beeche and others filed a libel
in the United States District Court ' yes
terday against the steamer Hyades to re
cover $6100, the. alleged value of coal de
livered to the vessel at Coronel, Chile.
Water Front Notes.
The Klondike steamer Mary Ellen GaJ
vin is once more in commission. When,
completed it was found that she drew too
mucn water "for. the Yukon and she was
refused by the owner. Lately she has
been sold to Stockton parties and was
renamed Columbia. Yesterday she^made
the run down the San Joaquin. replacing
the- Dauntless. The trip is said to* have
been a success.' •'* ¦ :-^.:'-".^ 1 ¦"¦--¦ •- ¦¦:¦::¦";¦,'--.
Ah Gon had several scalp wounds
dressed at tho Harbor Hospital Vester
day. Ho drove a band of • hoodlums out
of his store at 423. Davis street and the
boys came back with hammers and clubs.
Ah Gon will te laid up for a/week.
¦ Fishermen's wharf will not be ' torn ' up
for a week. The :. electric • plant ; at the
new structure is not in working order, so
the flitting has been postponed by orders
of Chief Wharfinger Percy Henderson. •- • >
The battleship Wisconsin will- not be
commissioned on Friday. Secretary Long
has given an order for the ship to be in
commission February, 4. ..
AVhlle getting ready for sea.- yesterday
the Eteam . schooner Mandalay proved a
godsend to the thirsty longshoremen. Ow
ins to the storm the vessel was late get-
SHIPOWNERS are not to be caught
napping next season. La?t year
there were not enough vessels to
supply the demand, and this year
It looks as though some new
schooners will have to go hunting for
charters. From one end of the coast to
the other men are working night and day
to get vessels off the ways, and still the
shipbuilders cannot keep up with the
work. At the present time the Hay &
"Wright. Bendixsen and Hall yards have
work enough ahead of them to keep all
hands going for a year. ',,
At the HaH yard in Port Blakeley three
vessels are ready for launching. -while
there are four more whose keels are ready
to be laid. • •' . 'i_
The first one that will slide down the
ways will be the barkentine James Tuft.
She is for the Mexican trade and is SOS
feet long. 42 feet beam and 17 feet deep.
The second will be a four-masted schoon
er with a capacity of 1J300.000 feet of lum
ber or 1600 tons dead weight. The third
Is also a four-masted schooner, but her
capacity i3 only 850,000 feet of lumber. Her
managing owner will be George B. Dill
ings, while a sister schooner to her will
be owned by Pope & Talbot.
Besides these the Hall yards are under
contract to build one of the first five
masted schooners in the coast's history
and two four-masted schooners, one with
a capacity of 1,200.000 feet of lumber and
the other with a capacity of S00.O0O feet.
Among the others who are building ves
sels is John S. Kiraball, former president
of the John S. Kltnball Steamship Com
pany. A vessel for him. so It Is said, is
now being built by Re«d of Coos Bay. and
he Is once more going Into the coasting
business. . .
DBOWNED IN THE BAY.
One of the Conemaugh's Crew Loses
His Life Through Carelessness.
The transport Conemaugh arrived from
Manila via Nagasaki last Monday, and
yesterday the men -were paid off. Some
of them took care of their hard-earned
pay and some did not. Last night flve of
them started to row themselves out to the
transport In the ship's boat. ' When off
Harrison-street wharf they lost command
of the boat anl the tide began to carry
them down. Henry Peterson saw their
predicament and sent one of his launches
to their assistance. Unfortunately -while
jumping from the ship's boat to the launch
a man named Jansen lost his balance and
fell overboard. The undertow took him
down "and his body has not been seen
srnce. . Peterson's crew searched for over
an hour for thf missing man, and failing
to find him landed the others on the trans
port. • '_
More Overdue Vessels.
The California Ship Company's Charmer
is now out fprty-four days from Puget
Sound for Kahulul, H. I. She loaded coal
at Oyster Harbor ajid the . fact that she
has a carg-o of black diamonds and is for
ty-four days out would not alarm any
body were it ' not for, the fact that she
went out Into ..the great southeaster. The
schooner Vine, now out 107 days from Mo-
Undo- for the Sound, is also overdue and
fears are entertained for her safety. In
all there are over a dozen vessels overdue
that not a soul will gamble on. The offer
on the Charmer is 15 per cent, the best
risk of all. but there are no takers. For
once the gamblers are scared.
ting here and there was consequently a
rush to send her away. While the cargo
was beins rushed aboard a sling broke
and six kegs of beer fell overboard. Four
of them were recovered. When leaving
the captain toM the longshoremen they
could have the beer in the other two kegs
if they recovered them", provided they re
turned the "empties." It took-those long
shoremen about twenty minutes, to recov
er the "full" keg3 and about twenty min
utes after that the "empties" were turned
over to the owner. •
On account of delay In the transmission
cf the English-Australian malls, the sail
ing of the steamship Sonoma has been
postponed from to-day- tmtir- to-morrow
at 2 p^m.
NEWS OF THE OCEiLN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping: Merchants.
The Rosamond loads merchandise for Hono
lulu; the Pengwern, wheat at Tacoma fo«
Wheat Shipment.
Th« French bark Eugene Fautrel cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders with 66.632
ctls wheat, valued at $71,200, and 52,000 feer
lumber as dunnage, valued at {C30.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
-,¦¦¦ ¦ Tuesday, January U.
Ftinr Arcata, N>!ron, SS hours from Coo*
Bay. via Port Orford 5« . hoars.
¦¦Stmr Geo Loom!*, Bridgett, 31 hours from
Ventura. •¦ :¦-.-* ' . -
Sttnr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. 72 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Rival, Johr.son. 77 hours from "Wtllapa
Harbor. .
Stmr State of California. Jensen. 59 hours
from Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
kStmr Fulton, Levlnscn. SO hours from Grays
arbor.
Kor stmr Tellua, Pedersen. 90 hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Br ship Matterhorn, Warren, 136 days from
LlverycoL ¦
CLEARED.
Tuesday, January 2. .
' Stmr Queen, Thomas, San Diejro; Goodali,
Perkins & Co. •
¦ Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad & Nav Co.'
Bark Ferris S Thompson. Murk. Astoria;
Hume Bros & Hume.
Fr bark Eurenle Fautrel. Le Huede,
Queenstown; Girvin & Eyre.
Schr Aloha. Fry, Honolulu; Williams, Dl
tnond & Co.
EAILKD.
Tuesday. January 22.
Stmr Bontta, Xcnander. San Pedro.
| Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle.
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs, .
Strar Mandalay. Reed. Coquille River.
Stmr Glosy. Iceland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr San«Pedro, Jahnsen. Eureka.
Ptmr Xavarro, Green, Bowens Landing. .
4|mr Empire. Maceenn. Coos Bay.
Pfchr Glen. Johnson. .
Schr John A. Ntllson. Grays Harbor. ,
Schr Mary Buhne, Weber. Eureka,
gchr Rio Rey. Skipper. Mendoclno.
Schr Glen. Johnson ; '
Sehr Aloha. Fry. Honolulu.
Schr Guide. Olnen, * r - -
Schr Barbara Hernst»r, Olsen. Point Arena.
TELEGRAPHIC.
! POINT LOBOS, Jan ti, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind XE.. velocity S miles.
; , MEMORANDUM.
Jan 19. lat 37 N, Ion 127 W. saw a Fr bark,
double topgallant yards. - no royals.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRATS HARBOR — Sailed Jan 20— Schr
Henry "Wilson, for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan a)— Schr Laura May, hence
Jan 10.
Arrived Jan 22— Schr Roy Somers. hence Jan
13; *e*>r Ll«zle Vance, hence Jan 16.
PORT TOWNS END— Arrived Jan 22— Stmr
Dolphin, from Alaska; Br i-tmr Port Stephens,
rrom Manila; schr Mildred, from Honolulu;
schr Falcon, rrom Sallna Cruz.
Arrived Jan 12— Br ship Dunstaffnage, from
Hlotfo. - - -. -
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 22— Schr Glendale. for
San Pedro.
EtTREKA— Arrived J*v 22— Stmr Eureka,
hence Jan !l: «chr Ida McKay, from Sau
F*dro: schr Siwrrow, hence Jan 19. , -¦
Sailed Jan n— Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco. N
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Jan K-Stmr
Greentrood, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 22-Etmr Dolphin,
from Alaska. .
NEAH BAT— Passed In Jan 22— Stmr Saa
Mateo. from Port Los Ang-eles. for Nanaimo.
Passed In Jan 22— Br stmr AUjoa, hence Jan
19. Jor Nanaimo. '-',¦''¦¦
EMPIRE CITY. Or— Arrived Jan. 22— Schr
Gem. hence Jan 13.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Jan s SI— Stmr Del
Norte, for San Francisco. ¦ ,'~ -:-h
EASTERN* PORT.
NETW* YORK— Arrived Jan 22— Stmr AUlanca,
from Colon.* - - r - . _ .
FOREIGN PORTS.
AXTWERP-»Arrived Jan 1*-Gef bark Ath
ene, from Taooma.
a NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Jaa lfr-Ger ship
Anna, .'for ¦• San . Francisco. Jan 21 — Scflr "Jas
H Bruce, f cr Lahair.a. . ;-'--'
CALLAO— Sailed - prior to Jan 13— Br bark
Senator, for, Rdytf Roads.
HIOGO— Sa»«d Jan- 21— Br ship " Eulomene,
for Royal Roads. . . ¦ ¦
HONGKONG — Sailed Dec 22-^Br Tetmr Car
lisle City. Joe San Diego and San Francisco.
Jan 22— Stmf Clty.of 'Rio de:Jane\ro, <for San
Francisco. : ¦ ' , '- ' ¦
Arrived Jan 22 — Br ' stmr Empress of India,
from Vancouver. ., ~ S
¦ AUCKLAND— Sailed Jan 22— Slmr Sierra, for
Ban Francisco, •= ¦ • -"'
SHANGHAI— Arrived Jan 21-Nor stmr Eids
vold. from Tacoma. ' . • ¦-.;.'
SHARPNESS— In . port Jan 10— Br ship Pega
sus, to load for Ban Francisco., at Swansea.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Jan 11— Ger stmr Tot
tnes. for 'San Francisco. . v
PORT PIRIE— Arrived Jan 23-rSchr King
Cyrus, from Port Ludlow." . ' ¦ •; , .
MELBOURNE—Arrlved Jan 20— Ship *Para
mlta, hence -Nov. H. • ¦
LA PAZ-Salled Jan 16-Schr Laura Plke
fer, for San Francisco.- : - ¦ . . . •¦¦¦•¦.
SANTA RO3 ALIA— Ready for sea Jan 17— Br
ship Thiotle, to sail; Jan 19; Br ship Comlle
bank, for Astoria. /- ¦ - ,; - - ,.;.,---
Arrived Jan S— Br ship Marlon JostahJ* from
Hamburg. .Jan 1— Ger ship Antuco. from>Ham
tmrr.v D« 27 — Ger bark "Ariadne, from Shields
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 22— Br ; bark
Nothsdale, from , Oregon. > -¦¦',.. :.
Called Jan li— Ger shla Hera, for Cardiff;
Br uhlp B*eehb*nk.' ¦ for Blrkenhead. . :.
- NANAIMO— Sailed Jan - 22— Stmr .American,
for Seattle.- /¦ --' r"---. ¦• *• ¦• - ¦ ¦ .- ¦
Arrived Jaa IS— Nor stmr . TItaala. hence
Jaa IS. r: -,.->-...¦•¦ ¦: \ - , - .-.- ,
"The Panama Company has Instructed
its agents in Central America to meet all
competition." That was the answer given
br F. F. Cpnnor. the local representative
of the Panama Company, on being .asked
what course his people would take to off
set the reduced rates on coffee, rubber,"
etc., that have lately been made by the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company. The
statement of Mr. Connor Is as good as an
acknowledgment that his company Intends
to meet the Pacific Mail rates.
This means that the irate war between
the Panama and the Pacific Mall Is now
en in earnest, and just what will be the
outcome is hard to tell. Mr. Connor's
statement was brought out as a result
of the announcement of a bis cut the
Pacific Mail has just made, fhe latter
company's agents in- Guatemala and EaU
n^lfforr^V ra?L Ch * *"" ac^* °ne
rJb-B^rP"^ 11 J* 11 ' be Sta to-morrow
to handle all cf its business between Cen
l~ a J £ mer ' ca ? an <J Mexican Pacinc ports
and New \ork and Europe bv way of San
I rancisco and the Southern Pacific's New
2.if™ * rcut^- Thls arrangement will be
If^^^ arj i: h ° wiev ! er ' for on the comple
«f IV ? ° 4 K w |"» rf facilities at Guaymas part
r£rt t H^l wiI1 b * sent b >' *' a >' of that
port and the Sunset route.
tv,!^. S f Ue .°/ this arral »g*ment. commercial
1Y the VPr «ure can hardly prove a
OT t .t t)le *2' ne . for the Paclfic *fa«. is
said that the lowest possible rate at which
the rai'road can handle freight is two
rhifJ 5 a cen V a mile. yet. according to
the new rate Wihich has been placed upon
coSe* shipments, the Pacific Mail and the
southern Pacific are to receive only U S"
tor hauling a ton cf coffee from Central
America to tan Francisco and from San
oTuooinlles? ° alveslon ' a total
The Panama people are not at all
aiarmed over the Mall's cut rate. The
isthmus route has a big advantage in the
important item of time, and if the Panama
company finds it necessary to equalize Its
rates with those of the .Pacific Mall, it Is
said that !t can do so to much better ad
vantage than the Pacinc Mail
Manager Schwerin of the Pacific Mail
says that the company's Central Ameri
can agents were instructed some time ago
to rrake such rates as they deemed neces
sary to obtain th* .desired trade. Mr
Schwerin was not disposed to say whether
any limit had been placed upon the rate
cutting, or whether a still greater reduc
tion would be inaugurated should the
Panama start to cut.
"The people of San Francisco have been
howling for competition." said Mr. Schwe
rin, "and now we are going to give them
the benefit of it. Our agents have been
instructed to >?et the business. The Pan
ama Company apparently thinks it is go
tag to drive the Pacific Mail out of busi
ness, but I think otherwise."
Slashing of Freight Charges by Pa
cific Mall to. Be Followed by
Similar Action by Rival
Panama Company's Agents
Are Instructed to Meet
Competition.
RATE CUTTING
WILL CONTINUE
There is a clash between the Western
railroads and the citrus fruit • shippers
which may have a serious termination.
For several winters pas: the Southern Pa
cific and the £anta Fe line* have been
<a'.ted severely to task for fiitlir.fr to supply
tbe citrus fruit dealers with the desired ac
commodations:. ProStlr.e by past experi
ence both roads purchased an extra sup-
Ply cf refrigerator cars for the season of
lAi, and with the opening: of the season
the two companies had at their disposal
7V*} cars — a putneient nuraber in the opin
ion of the freight rcanapers to handle all
the fruit that could be picked in Califor
nia this season. Yet every Say complaints
sre t»Mr:«r made by shippers, who claim
they cannot pet traffic accommodations.
Some inquiry bm been made by the
Sotithrrn Paciftc officials to determine the
cause of the blockade, and the company
2s convinced th;it the trouble lies with the
shippers and ccr.5!jrr,ees, who have been
doing all the complaining.
It s^*ras that instead of promptly un
icadiTyr the cars alter they have, reached
thfir destination the shippers have al
lowed the fruit to remain in the cars for
¦pecuietive purposes. The cars are held
*\ central points, thereby saving the fx
r«rK=e of *tora?e and rehandlinjr. Not sat
'ffied with consuming car after car and
CBonopottZicg valuable track room, the
fhippers and consignors, it is claimed,
have pone so far as to erect stoves in the
cars for the purpose cf sweating- the fruit
to pive it color.
A-tetezrara to the Southern Pacific yes
terday divu'.ced the astonishing fact that
at Jersey City 107 car? filled with Califor
nia orar.gr-s had twen standing untouched
on a sidetrack for more than a week. On
a Chicago line ninety car« were reported
waiting: under similar conditions.
"'I'ndfr such circumstances." said a rail
road cfScial yesterday, "how can we hope
to kwp up the deraand for cars? This
thir* has Wen practiced to some extent
in v«ars past, hut rever so boldly and ex
tenslt^?Iy a? now. Th«? lin#s are at present
CtoCUMteg plans by which the abuse can
te stopped.
"There If ny doubt that the Fcheme
of the £ "nippers IB a profitable one to them.
It is nothing more nor !ess than a specu
lative pnv^ure. To be sure, they have
to pay il r ca.y demurrage, bat what does
that amount to when the cost of packing
and unparkir.jr. ftorace and transferring
1= taker. !nto account?
"On* thing- 1« certain— the railroads are
rot eotng tr> l«>t this thin? continue, but
fs*t -what ¦will be done and what the out
come will be I am not yet prepared to
state."
Thf total number of cars containing cit
rus fruit forwarded from Southern Cali
fornia to the East up to and including last
Saturday -was 4400. which Is considerably
in fsce?s cf last years shipments for the
Farr.p period. "Hip *nirr.ate<l total crop
Una reason is 20,<XX> ccrs.
X-arg* Cccslgnm-nt* of Citrus Goods
Sidetracked in Eastern Centers
For a "Week at a
Time,
Blockade of Refrigerator
Cars Is Attributed to
Greedy Shippers.
RAILROADS CLASH
WITH FRUIT MEN
Installation 7 and Banquet.
At the regular meeting of. the Deborah
Beneficial Society; held last Sunday, after
noonat'Pythlan.Castle, the officers elect
ed at a preceding meeting- , were Installed.
At the close* of the installation the mem
bers ; adjourned * to the banquet i hall and
enjoyed a banquet. I.. L.; David/ president
of the organization, was presented .with a
handsome silver, service as a token of the
esteem in.whlch he Is : held by the mera
bers of the society. .
Time Ball;
Eranch Hydrographic Office,' 17. £. N.. Mer
. chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
-?V ; January: '».* UOtv^f- • y: -.- - . : -- ¦>- ..
•The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was -dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. e.. at noon of .the* 129th" meridian, or at f
o'clock p. m.; GreenTrtch time. <¦ —
\ V .,*, * ' CO. iCAJjKVSS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N.. In charge.
NOTE — In tbe above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in thft left
hand I column | and the successive tides of the
day: in the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third, time- column gives -the. last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as "sometimes occurs.' The heights 'given
are- in addition to tbe soundings on tha United
States Coast, Survey, charts, except when a
minus sigh . {— ).. precedes the. height, and. then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane, of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
¦„ WEDNESDAY. JANUARY a
Sun rises .....7:21
Ban sets ..-. ....5:22
Moon sets ..^.. 9:12 p. m.
A very difficult class of cases to de
cide are those in which an employe 13 in
jured by* a foreman. As an employer Is
liable for his own negligence, 2ie. Is also
liable for the negligence cf any one repre
senting him. When an employe' is there
fore Injured by a foreman the employer's
liability turns on the Question. Did th?
foreman represent him or was his main
function or duty like that of the other
employes? In a case that arose in Maine
the court declared that the great weight
of -authority was to, the effect that all
who serve the same master work under
the same control, derive authority and
are paid from the same common source,
and are engaged in the same general busi
ness, though It may be in different grades
or departments of It. are fellow-servants
who take the risk of each other's negli
gence. "The fact that the negligent ser
vant, in his grade of employment. Is su
perior to the servant injured does not. In
the opinion of most of the courts, take the
casa out of the rule; they are equally fel
low-servants and 'the master .is not lia
ble." Within the meaning of this rule a
mere foreman of work is generally re
garded as a fellow-servant with those un
der his control. But if the master has
delegated to the foreman or superintend
ent the care and management of the en
tire business or a Jistinct department,
then the rule" may be different.
In the, case to which this rule was ap
plied a crew of men were engaged und?r
a' foreman" In repairing a dam for a com
pany, and one of the men wa3 injured by
the carelessness of another who acted un
der the direction and immediate observa
tion of the foreman m uoing the act which
caused the Injury. The court remarked
that the repairing of the dam was a com
mon Job* of work and that many men were
employed without essential distinction of
the crew. The foreman did not appear to
be a general manager, but merely a fore
man In a special job of wQtk.. One of th^
ordinary risks of thy employment was
that some man among them rnlerht make
a miscalculation or mistake. The act com
plained of was committed under the fore
man's eye, but und^r the Injured man\j
eye as much, as far as appears. So the
foreman was regarded as a fellow-em-
Eloye like the rest and the company was
eld to be not responsible.
Does a Foreman Bepresmt His Em-
ployerP
One cannot help thinking a second time
bf the remark of the court that some
man among. them might make a miscalcu
lation or mlstak» resulting In Injury to
others. This Is very tiuc. but Is there not
a difference between a foreman and other
men? Suppose three men are at work
moving, 'for example, % heavy stove. Each
suggests a- different way of moving it;
the suggestion of one ol them is adopted
and in moving it one or all are injured. In
this case plainly the risk Is their own and
they cannot look to their employer. Sup
pose he appoints one of the three as a
foreman to move the stove and he gives
an order concerning its removal which re
sulffi In Injury to one or all of them—
ought not. his act to be regarded a3 the
act of his employer and render him lia
ble?
Car Conductors.
Suppose a fellow-?ervant is clothed with
some special authority, as a railroad con
ductor, for example, does he thereby be
come the agent or representative of the
company, rendering It ltable for his acts
when It would not be otherwise? Thus In
the case of Wooden against a railroad In
Xew York the'eompany had a printed rule
requiring conductors of freight trains to
apply for Instructions, or' to cut off cars
If they had any doubt of making a safe
pas5age over a summit k with dangerous
grades. It. was claimed that by giving
him this authority or direction he was
changed Into a representative of the com
pany. The reason for making this claim
was that in conducting his train a train
man was injured and he knew that he
could not hold the company liable If the
conductor and himself were fellow-em
ployes; If they were not then the company
would be liable on the ground that the
conductor was its agent, its representa
tive. The court said that "a conductor of
a railroad train is frequently called upon,
in the proper exercise of its functions, to
use his judgment; but it would be absurd
to say. when exercising that judgment,
that he was necessarily transformed from
the mere servant- to the agent or repre
sentative of the master."
A superintendent or assistant superin
tendent is clearly an agent or representa
tive of his employer, and in most cases, as
we have seen, a railroad dispatcher of
trains Is also included. Nevertheless their
relationship was doubted in one Illinois
case by the counsel for a railroad com
pany. But the court said, as between the
conductor and the company, the assistant,
to whose orders the trains are all subject,
is the representative of the corporation.
His orders to the conductor of a train are
essentially the orders "of the employer.
This rule applies as well to all orders Is
sued by his assistants in his office and is
sued in his name. If those Intrusted by
him with the management of the business
of the corporation by orders issued In his
name neglect to Issue a necessary order,
that is his neglect and the negligence of
tne corporation.
The Rule in West Virginia.
In one of the more recent cases the Su
preme Court of West Virginia, -after re
viewing many decisions, remarked that
the rule to be drawn from them seemed to
be that, two servants of the same master
were not fellow servants when one acts
In a superior capacity to the other In re
gard to some «luty due from the master.
In such a case the master was liable for
any Injuries to the subordinate caused by
the negligence or carelessness of the supe
rior. "At one time,". the court added "to
make the master responsible he must have
instructed this superior servant with the
actual control of all his business." After
ward this view was modified, and it was
held that the superior servant represented
his master, filled his place. If he had pow
er to employ and discharge the servants
under him. "But now it sevns to be con
sidered sufficient that the Inferior se/vant
is under the control and . subject to the
orders of the superior . servant." Finally
the court sums up the present rule thu«:
That only where servants are so; far
working together as to be practically co
operating and to nave opportunity to con
trol or influence the conduct of each other,
and have no superiority one over the oth
er, are they to be regarded as fellow-ser
vants.
The Bole in England and Slassa-
chusetts.
In England, and afterward In Massa
chusetts, the Legislature declared that
any person having charge of signal points
or of . an engine or train on a railroad
was a vice-principal. Mr. Justice " Holt
of the Supreme Court of West Virginia
In noting this fact remarks: "It Is signi
ficant as tending to show that both re
gard themselves as having gene astray
in holding the conductor of the railway
train to be a mere servant." This change
has been made for the reason that "It is
the duty of the master to conduct the
train in person or by an agent, mak'ng
a vlce-pnncipal of the servant | or agent
who has charge or control of the engine
or train.' ' •,' , ..
Again, an engineer on • one train of a
railroad company who is injured by the
negligence' of the conductor of another
train of the company running in an oppo
site direction is not the fellow-servant of
the -conductor. ~.
The Bole in Illinois.
The rule of co-essodation ' as a test of
fellow service has been offered In. Illinois.
On one occasion an Injured servant was
obliged to take and record the numbers
of cars coming into a station. -This work
was in the. engine yard. and. he was in
jured by an engineer who was running a
switching engine. They .were fellow-ser
vants., "Plainly," the court says, "this
engineer and car numberer were fellow
servants. There was a mutual and neces
sary " connection - between the classes of
service they rendered." bringing them into
contact with each other In the same place
In the execution of the master's business.
HQME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
Fellow-Servants Considered in the Law
Lessons for Employers and Employes
Copyrighfj 1901, b y Seymour Eaton.
which ,wa« the,; pursuit common to both,
and they were under common pay and
control of that master, and it is no matter
that their work was dissimilar. Neither
was the agent of the master as to the
other." j
This Is in harmony with the early rule
of Massachusetts, which was thus stated
in the case of Gilman vs. Eastern Rail
road: "In case of an injury to one ser
vant by the negligence of another. It is
immaterial whether he who causes and
he who sustains the injury are or are not
engaged in the same or similar labor, or
In positions of equal grade or authority.
If they are acting together under ona
master in carrying out a common object
they are fellow-servants." This, how
ever, as we have just seen, haa beea
changed by statute.
Application of the Buls to a Factory
Operator.
j This rule was afterward applied ta a
{ superintendent and operative in a cotton
factory. What do cur readers think the
court decided? It was held that they. too.
were' reliow-servanta. ami consequently
the operative failed to recover from the
company for an Injury caused by tha su
perintendent's negligence. The court said
it cannot affect the principle that the
duties of the superintendent may be dif
ferent, and perhaps may be considered of
I a somewhat higher character than those
of the operative: inasmuch a~» they -are
both the servants of the same master,
have the same employer, are engaged in
the accomplishment of the same general
object, are acting in one common service,
and derive their compensation from the
same source.
The courts of West Virginia would have
decided this question very differently, for
surely the operative "was under the con
trol and subject to the orders" of the
superintendent, and this separation be
tween them was sufficient to create the
relation of superior and subordinate; in
other words, there was no fellow-servtce
between them. What would the courts of
other States do with this question now.
for the decision was made quite fifty
years ago?. Many of them doubtless
would follow, the West Virginia rule and
hold that the cnnrjnny was liable for the.
act of its superintendent.
The Ohio Kul*.
A decision was rendered in Ohio in IS54
wnich merits fuller notice. It -was th»
case of a brakeman against a railroad
company who, had been injured by the
negligence of the conductor of the same
train. An elaborate opinion was rendered.
In. which the court remarks "that the
servant takes upon himself all the ordi
nary risks incident to the business, in
cluding liability to Injury from the negll
fence of other servants employed with
im by the common principal, but ' hav
ing no control over the business, or the
servant who receives the injury, we are
quite ready to admit. In such case they
stand to each other as equals and ar
alone liable for the injuries they inflict.**
After stating this rule the court proceeds
to lneuire what relation the brakeman
stand3 to the conductor; are they fellow
eervants. co-operating to the same end.
like half a dozen masons who are cutting
a stone or a gang of carpenters who are
working together In the absence of their
chief, or does the conductor occupy a su
perior position which prevents the crea
tioa of any such Idea as that of fellow
service? The court has no difficulty In
finding an answer. They are not feiiow
servanti. This conclusion rested wholly
on the idea that the company from tin
very nature of it3 contract of service with
its employes was under obligations to
them, as well a3 they to the company.
Among them were the obligations to su
perintend* and control, with skill and care,
the running- of its trains. For this pur
pose the . conductor was .employed. **arjU
in this he directly represented the com
pany." They commission him to exercise
that power over the operation of the train
which essentially pertains to the owner,
-and In >«:xercfc«iiwr if" he stands esseattetty
_tn its- place. This service is not coEfflen
to him.' and the handJ haVe nothing to a.>
\rith It. "His duties and theft- duties are
entirely separate and distinct, although
both are necessary to produce the result.
It is his to command and theirs to obey
and execute. No service Is common tfcnt
does not admit of a common participation,
and no servants are f el tow-servants where
one Is placed in control over the other." :.
Common Laborers.
A case has come before the Suprexa
court of Florida In wuJch the same quj*
tlon was again considered. A common ta
borer was injured by the negligence of an
engineer. Were they feilow-servants? Th*»
court drew a line between the engineer
and the other employes of the company.
"If one were engaged as a common labor
er t» work on the roadbed or gTavel train
he could not be a fellow-servant with tho
engineer or conductor of a passenger
train, but would be a fellow-servant wltfe
all employed on the roadbed or gravel
train If his employment was In a common,
work and brought him in immediate coiv
tact with them and risk through them."
This distinction is clearlr stated by the
court. One of a gansr of men may be the
fellow-servant of the others exeunt the
foreman, and if injures by them there Is
no remedy against the company, but if
injured by the foreman he can recover
against the company because he Is not r*
fellow-servant with them, but the agcRS.
vice principal or representative of the
company. Such is the law in that JStata
and in many others. Dut not in all. Wa
have seen that there are wide departure
in the States aa with "respect to felloe
servants.: In general the Western State?
are Inclined to narrow the relationship
and hold the employer for the ncgllgen.'o
of hi3 representatives, agents, foremen
and others who direct them on the ground
that they represent the company and are
not fellow-servants. la the Eastern StatM
the tendency is to regard foremen and
other directors of men as fellow-servants
unless it is very plain that they cannot
be thus classified.
What tests shall be applied to determine
when they are fellow-servants and when
not? Various ones, as we have seen, have
been applied. In some of the States tlia
Courts say that a foreman, to constitute
him vice principal, must have controi of
the men. with power- to employ and dis
charge them, in .©rd-tr to make his em
ployer-responsible for his; acts;- In- other
words. 'to make him a -vice principal.. ..In
other States his power to. direct and con
trol them Is sufficient to establish that 1*3
lafion.' The tendency of the courts is-ia
"Harvard College.
EOME^STXTDY CHICLE QUERIES.
• ... .- . »._«* * •»-.»¦ : :~: l
193; Throulh the Instrumentality . -cf
what French President was th# immense
debt of. the Franco- Prussian war paid oft
before the.specined time? •'r- ' * ~_ \
194.- Who -was tbe "Iron Chancellor"?
ISa. "What King of Spain,: living on- th<»
banks of the ScnuylkM.' was advised by
Stephen. Gtrard to give .up jpvermnent
and -make n»oney out of. Philadelphia real
eS r«i*Whlch of Sir Walter Scott's novel3
13 a sequel to "The Monastery"?
197. What pleasing story-teller was a
niece of James Fenimore CooperT .. v
198. *Vhat ruler was known aa King
Flp I? ... - -
1QS What famous philosopher was sold
Into slavery by the Kmgr of Sicily? •
100. What- noble ruin Is known at "the
Albambra of Germany"? " - * * *
201. Near what city was fought, Ttha
Battle of the Nations." so called because
six nations there fought against Napo
2C2. What page of Ferdinand and Isa
bella was one of Luther's chief antagon
ists?
203. "Who said: "J fear the prayers cf
John Knox more than all the armies of
England"?
204. Who "was "Felix Oldboy"?
205. What English satirist was known as
2C6. Who was called 'The Wisest Fool
In Europe"? . *.. , r
207 What child was born on the llay
flower tn Cape Cod harbor?
208. "What Queen was the daughter of a
murdered King and wife of a murdered
King?
Answers. .. ?"
179 Jaines K. PoIVa. ISO. Faneuil HaH.
Boston. 131- -Vermont. .133. James Buch
anan. 1S3. Samuel Wilson. 1S4. Jonathan
TrumbulL 1S5. Washington. D. C 1SS.
Blanche K.' Bruce. 1ST. -Edgar Allan 'Poe.
1SS. George William Curtt*. . 189. Clara
Barton. - 190. William - H.- Prescott. - 131;
Thomas Otway.' 132. John Adams." -
SHIPWRIGHTS' ADZE IS AT WORK
ALL OVER THE PACIFIC C0AST
Dozens of Vessels Are Being Built and Dozens More Are
Contracted for— Over Forty Vessels Will Go .
Into Commission Next Spring.
THE SAX CALL, WED25 ESD AY, JANUARY 23, 1901.
FLEET OF NEW VESSELS NOW UNDER COURSE OF CONSTRUCTION 1 AT COAS"£ TARDS FOR SAN FRANCIS
CO OWNERS. NEVER IX.THE HISTORY OF THE PACIFIC HAS THERE BEEN AS MUCH SHIPBUILDING
AS IS GOING ON AT PRESENT. •
TO* ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Jan 22— Br »tmr Vic
toria, hence* Jan 19.
SEW TORK— Sailed Jan 22— Stmr Georgic,
for Liverpool; stmr Columbia, for Geno*.
HAMBURG— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Hercdot.
for £an Francisco.
BOULCXJXE— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Eotsdam,
from New York, for Rotterdam.
LIVERPOOL*— Arrived Jan 22— Stmr Domin
ion, frcm Portland.
GLASGOW— Sailed Jan 22-Stmr Norwegian,
for Portland, Me.
AUCKLAND— Sailed Jan 22— Stmr Sierra, for
San FranclJ-co. *¦
GREEXOCK- Sailed Jan - 22— Stmr Corean.
for Philadelphia.
SINGAPOKE-Sailed Jan 2:-Stmr Glenlochy.
from Tacoma. for Liverpool.
MO VIIXB- Arrived Jan 22— Stmr Fumessla,
from New York, for Glasjow.
BREMEN'— Arrived Jan 22— Stmr Mannheim,
from New York; stmr Prinz Luitrold. from
New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Jan 22— Stmr Kensing
ton, from New Yorlc - -
KOTTER.DAM— Arrived Jan 22— Stmr Potta
dem, from New York. -
TO SAIL.
Son, moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights , of High and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bajr. ¦ Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point: the
height of tide is the same at both places.
xv.
9
> Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Corona.. Newport ..;.". «. Jan. 23
St. Paul Panama. ...._» Jaa. 23
W. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor Jan. 23
North Fork... 1 .. Humbotdt Jan. 23
Santa Rosa San Diegro Jan. 14
Kureka Humboldt Jan. 24
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 24
Jeanle..' iSeattle Jan. S4
China. .j....»... 'China and Japan Jan. 23
G. W. Elder.. ..^Portland & Astoria Jan. 25
Carlisle City... JChina via. Diego. Jan. IS
Pomona.'... Humboldt .: Jan. IS
Sesostris ,. Hamburg & Way Ports Jan. 25
AValta Walla... Puget Sound Ports Jan. 27
Curacao.. Mextcan Ports Jan. 27
Robert Dollar.. Seattle '....I Jan. 27
Progreso........ Tacoma j aD 21
Queen San Diego Jan. 27
Bonita ....". Newi>ort Jan 27
Arcata... ....... C<km Bay j an 1^
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan 28
Alliance Portland St Coos Bay.. Jan. S3
Titanla Xanaimo (Jan 2S
Columbia Portland and Astoria...} Jan S)
Mexico "Mexican Ports (Jan. 33
Steamer.
Destination.
Satis
Pier.
Jan nary 23. ( |
Columbia Astoria & Portland U am Pier 24
Queen.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt 8 pm Pier 9
Coronado Grays Harbor a pm Pier 2
Santa Ana.... Honolulu v. Pgt Sd 12 m Pier 2
Arcata Coos^Bay 12 m Pier 13
Jamiiiry 24. | |
Argo.. Coquitle River ....I 3 pmiPier 2
Hongkong Ma China and Japan..! 1 pmjPMSS
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ptsj 9 amJPler 7
. Jnuiinr) 23. \
North Fork... Humboldt .......... 9 am Pier 2
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Fulton Gray* Harbor 5 pm Pier 20
. „ , Jnnn»py 2O.
State of Cal.. Pugst Sound Ports 11 am Pier ?
W. H. Krugei Grays Harbor Pier 13
Point Arena., point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
. ¦ January 27. >
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
January 28.
Carlisle City. China ami Japan. Pier —
Acapuleo Panama &Way Pts 12 m PMSS
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria 11 am! Pier J4
¦Innnnrr 2O. . I .
St. Paul.....^ X. Y. via. Panama —
Bonita.:...... Newport '..'.. | 9 am|Pier 11
M lime lime iimr nine
¦-•£/ . Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
£ ¦ H W L W H W ! L. W
« ... l:U 5.S 6:1S 2.1 12:21 5.7 S:53'— 0.3
3 ... 1:43 5.4 . 7:11 S.2 1:15 5.4 7:34 0.3
!» ... 2:13 5.5 3.C9 1:6 2:U 5.0 8:1S 0.7
5... 3:05 5.5 9:16 .* l.S 3:20 4.6 9:09 1.3
« ... 3:50 5.6 10:17 1.0 4:89 4.2 9:59 1.9
17 ... 4:38 5.7 ,11:31 0.7 6:09 3.3 10:o« 2.3
S ... 5:37 5.9 12:44 0.3 7:34 4.0
L. \V H \V L W H W .
» ... 0:00 2.7 6:31 6:0 , l:48H».l *:« 4.1
M lime lime iimr nine
¦-•£/ . Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
£ ¦ H W L W H W ! L. W
« ... l:U 5.S 6:1S 2.1 12:21 5.7 S:53'— 0.3
3 ... 1:43 5.4 . 7:11 S.2 1:15 5.4 7:34 0.3
!» ... 2:13 5.5 3.C9 1:6 2:U 5.0 8:1S 0.7
5... 3:05 5.5 9:16 .* l.S 3:20 4.6 9:09 1.3
« ... 3:50 5.6 10:17 1.0 4:89 4.2 9:59 1.9
17 ... 4:38 5.7 ,11:31 0.7 6:09 3.3 10:o« 2.3
S ... 5:37 5.9 12:44 0.3 7:34 4.0
L. \V H \V L W H W .
» ... 0:00 2.7 6:31 6:0 , l:48H».l *:« 4.1
> Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Corona.. Newport ..;.". «. Jan. 23
St. Paul Panama. ...._» Jaa. 23
W. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor Jan. 23
North Fork... 1 .. Humbotdt Jan. 23
Santa Rosa San Diegro Jan. 14
Kureka Humboldt Jan. 24
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 24
Jeanle..' iSeattle Jan. S4
China. .j....»... 'China and Japan Jan. 23
G. W. Elder.. ..^Portland & Astoria Jan. 25
Carlisle City... JChina via. Diego. Jan. IS
Pomona.'... Humboldt .: Jan. IS
Sesostris ,. Hamburg & Way Ports Jan. 25
AValta Walla... Puget Sound Ports Jan. 27
Curacao.. Mextcan Ports Jan. 27
Robert Dollar.. Seattle '....I Jan. 27
Progreso........ Tacoma j aD 21
Queen San Diego Jan. 27
Bonita ....". Newi>ort Jan 27
Arcata... ....... C<km Bay j an 1^
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan 28
Alliance Portland St Coos Bay.. Jan. S3
Titanla Xanaimo (Jan 2S
Columbia Portland and Astoria...} Jan S)
Mexico "Mexican Ports (Jan. 33
Steamer.
Destination.
Satis
Pier.
Jan nary 23. ( |
Columbia Astoria & Portland U am Pier 24
Queen.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt 8 pm Pier 9
Coronado Grays Harbor a pm Pier 2
Santa Ana.... Honolulu v. Pgt Sd 12 m Pier 2
Arcata Coos^Bay 12 m Pier 13
Jamiiiry 24. | |
Argo.. Coquitle River ....I 3 pmiPier 2
Hongkong Ma China and Japan..! 1 pmjPMSS
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ptsj 9 amJPler 7
. Jnuiinr) 23. \
North Fork... Humboldt .......... 9 am Pier 2
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Fulton Gray* Harbor 5 pm Pier 20
. „ , Jnnn»py 2O.
State of Cal.. Pugst Sound Ports 11 am Pier ?
W. H. Krugei Grays Harbor Pier 13
Point Arena., point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
. ¦ January 27. >
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
January 28.
Carlisle City. China ami Japan. Pier —
Acapuleo Panama &Way Pts 12 m PMSS
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria 11 am! Pier J4
¦Innnnrr 2O. . I .
St. Paul.....^ X. Y. via. Panama —
Bonita.:...... Newport '..'.. | 9 am|Pier 11
DROPPED IT.
Quit Co££~ and Got WelL
; - .... ¦ " f
"?»fy breakfast never seemed complete
withctit coffee, but the stomach became
eradually weakened, although I had no
idea of the cause. An hour or so after
eating, a dull aching pain would come
In my storsach and sJck headache set up.
This misery would continue two or three
hours, increasing to an intense burning
pain, until relieved by vcmillng, then I
ijrcnM Quickly recover.
"Tliese attacks grew raore frequent, and
the pain mere Intense, until it began to
affect my general health, I tried many
remedies for strengthening ray stomach,
until finally I noticed that the much-loved
ceffee appeared to have a wooden taste,
ard I concluded to see what effect leav-
ing It off would have.
"In a short time the sick, aching at-
tacks ceased entirely, gradually my stom-
ach regained its -vigor. I began drinking
Postum Food Coffee and I* discovered by
experinsent that It has a delicious crisp
coffee taste, and yet I could drink all I
wasted of It without any oppression; on
the contrarj', it gave me a well fed, nour-
ished and lightened feeling, instead of the
old oprwesslon.
••Jly general health has been rreatly
!mprove<i ar.d I am able to cat, without
fear, many things I dared not attempt
before. I am grateful that someone has
fcund no satisfactory a beverage. It is
£] ready a boon to thousands who have
tec a troubled with coffee drinking-, and
thrri? are yet thousands who," If they
kr.*w the cause of their trouble, would
get well by leaving oft ceffee and using
Postura Food Coffee. Please omit name."
Name and address furnished by Postum
Cereal Co.. Ltd., Battle Creek. Mich.
: "Mlra Valle.",P. Klein. Bantense type, claret.
Grand Via. Depot US Geary street. • : > • •
FOSTUM CEREAL.SHEEP— Receipts; 11.000: market steady;' good
to- choice .wethers, ,13 '75@5 SO; fair., to choice
HOG8— Receipts to-day. 41.C00; r- to-morrow,
38,000; left over. 6000: market lOifflSc lower; top,
K 20; . mixed . and butchers/ $5 05© 5 30; good to
choice heavy, 95 2005 30; rough heavy, $5 OS©
6 15; ; light, $5 0f.@5 S7H; bulk . of .sales,* S5 20®
CHICAGO. Jan. 22.-CATTLE— Receipts, 4500,
including 600 Texans; market generally steady,
including butchers' stock, and Texans; good 'to
prime steers. $5 3006 10; poor to medium. $3 50@
6 20; Mockers .and feeders, $2 75@4 60; 1 cows,
$2 75@4 20; heifers, J2 65&4 60: canners. J2@2 70;
bulls.- n 7i@4 40; calvis, $J 75©5 75; Texas fed
steers. »4®4 80; Texas graes steers, $3 35®4;
Texas bulls. %2 60®3 85. . . ; . ,. .:'
Ch icago Livestock - Market.
LIVERPOOL
Wheat—' Feb. Mar. : Hay.
Opening .... 6 1% 6 1%
Closing -.... • 6 % 6 1
• « • ¦ PARIS.
Wheat— , V Jan. Mar.-June
Opening 19 20 ,20 30
Closing 19 20 -'20 25 ¦
Flour— .
Opening. 24 80* . 25 S5
Closing ........................ 24 75 : 25 85
At the last held meeting of Damon
Lodge Senior Past Grand Chancellor Bod
fish, a member of that lodge, whose) In
terest in it during his membership of
thirty-one years has never flagged, was
made the recipient of a gold vest chain
and emblematic charm in recognition of
his many services la the lodge. During
the presentation the assertion was made
that he was one of the few members of
the order who did not seek rest after
having received high honors and that he
is as active for the lodge to-day as he was
when he first joined it.
Past Presidents Bodflsh and Hutching^
at a recent meeting of the Hall Associa
tion were each presented with a find gold
watch in recognition of the services they
rendered that body.
Arrangements are being: mode to Issue
an official organ, to be published, in this
city.
The officers of the lodge at Maderawere
installed last week by Deputy Grand
Chancellor Robinson of Merced, assisted
by Herman Schaffner, G. K. of R. and S.
Judge W. M. Conley. past grand president
of the Native Sons, was installed as chan
cellor. There was a banquet after the
Installation and a night for the Knlghta.
Madera is at work forming a company of
the Uniform Rank.
The public installation of the officers of
Unity Lodge last week In Pythian
Castle was attended by a large num
ber of persona, who were interested and
instructed in the ceremow, new to many,
never tiresome to such as have oft wit
nessed it. After the installation there
was a social hour.
. The officers of Bay City Lodge have
been Installed by II. A. Morrison and a
full corps of assistants.
Knights of PytMas.
NEW YORK. Jan. 22.— The influences fn the
rtock market resolved themselves to-day into
several distinct component parts, which op*i
ated in conflict a part cf the time and never
in clearly defined % concert. There was a
palpable effort on foot to open prices high. In
fact brokers in a number of stocks admitted
the receipt of orders to make first price* as
blrh ae ponslble. This Is a familiar device of
traders who have cone long of stocks during
a rise on one day to get the greatest possible
benefit from the relapee. The opening In
prices of the stocks which were most palpably
manipulated yesterday disclosed the operations
of this claes. St. Paul and Northern Pacific
were conspicuously affected in this way, tne
former open;pc up 1\ and the latter rising al
most as much and then running. off again to
near last night's level. The eame stocks came
tttt* pi-fpiii'titnrf. ataln late in the day after
tie news haci been received of Queen Vic
toria's death. This event . had been} bo defl
ritely foreseen there was little reason to ex
pect that its actual announcement would cause
any marked depression in the market, but ap
parently there was a speculative element who
feared the possibility of selling Induced by the
Queen's death. After that event was reported'
there was a pause in the activity of the mar
ket, as though awaiting its effect on prices,
and shortly atterward rooms traders set to
work to bid up prices again. They lifted St.
Taul an txireme 414 points over last night
Northern Pacinc 2^ and the Grangers, Pacifies,
trunk lines and more prominent stocks gener
ally from 1 to 2 points. The same traders were
active In Sugar all day. making the extreme
advance 21». On the other hand' the sensa
tional movement in Missouri Paclfia was
brought to a sudden etop after a three-point
Jump at the opening, and the Wabash stocks
also fell back. The extreme decline In Mis
souri Pacific was 714, and It closed at a nel
loss of 314. This action of the stock naturally
cauaed some Incredulity regarding the many
rumors afioat yesterday of a coming consoli
dation of the Southwestern railway systems
and of buying by a prominent capitalist for
control. The other members of the Southwest
ern group were, however, well sustained, and
th* absorption of Wabash debenture bonds con
tinued on an enormous scale and at a price
lf-vel above that of yesterday. Missouri • 1 a
clflc was in urgent demand In the loan crowd
and commanded as high as 1 per cent premium
for use by the shorte. This . gave . color to the
belief which was avowed by some of the trad
ers that the buyinr rf the stock had resulted
In a corner. - leaving a very heavy short In
terest with their requirements unprovided for.
Amalgamated Copper again moved widely.
.lumping nearly 1 3 points at the opening and
then failing back 2K. The steel nocks were
comparatively neglected, but the undertone «u
weak in spite of the less threatening utterances
authorized by trade magnates. Federal Steel
fell away 2%. and other members of the group
from 1 to JH after small opening advance*.
The late notable rise was not well maintained,
especially !n the storks which were - bid up
Tnoet aggressively, and the closing was active
and rather ea«y below the best. The level of
Trices at the dose was substantially • higher
than yesterflay % The undertone of the market
during the lay* was heavy. .. ' , .
Eor.ds wet* rather Cull. Total sales, $4,032,000.
AVzt* York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
I CHICAGO, Jan. 22. — Wheat went up lc yes
terday. To-day the stuff bought the previous
session was sold and the market dropped back
to the place It occupied Saturday. The mar
ket was . largely a local one. May wheat 1
opened H<9%c lower at H%@U%c and soon
after touched 75c. The Initial depression was
based on the fact that Liverpool showed a de
cline in the face of the advance here the day
before. Northwest receipts were large and it
was- generally believed that reports of yester
day's export business had been exaggerated,
all j of which added to the . depression. ¦ The
market struggled along for two hours between
7414c and 75c without any particular pressure
being • exerted against the price.- The heavy
primary receipts and the failure of any cash
demand to put- In an appearance later caused
renewed selling and May dropped to 74V»c and
closed weak, 1ST 1 He under yesterday.
Corn was quiet and easy in sympathy with
wheat. The demand was scattered. May
corn closed 3V4c • lower.
Oats were weak. May closed %<QMc down
at24Ts@"5c. ,- - " .'. *¦¦ ¦• ¦
Provisions were moderately ] active, but
showed an undertone :>£ heaviness. The open
ing was weak because hog" receipts were heavy
and prices at the yards depressed. May pork/
closed 12>ic lower, lard M/7»4c down and ribs
10c lower. ' ¦ - • /
The leading futures ranged as follows: /
Articles— Open. High. Low. Cnose.
¦Wheat No. 2— •
January 7214 7214 71T4 71%
February 72>4 72% 71% 71T»
May 75 75H 74V4 74>i
Corn No. 2—
January :... 36% 36T4 ' 36H' 36H
February 3714 37H 36% 37
May 3S% 38vi 38V4 3S%
Oats No. 2—
January 23V t 23% 23% 23%
May 2514 2514 24% 25
Mess pork, per barrel —
January 13 7714 13 90 13 97>4 13 85
May ...1375 II SO 13 75 13 80
Lard, per -ICO pounds—
January .: 7 2714 7 2714 7 25 7 25
March 7 30 7 30 7 2714 7 2714
May 7 8714 7 42%' 7 35 7 35
Short ribs, per 100 pounds— .
January 6 87^ 6 90 6 82H 6 82V4
May 6 9714 7 05 6 95 6 95
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and easy; No. 3 spring wheat. CSc; No. 2 red,
73\4<f?75c; No. 2 corn, 37flU7Wc; No. 2 yellow,
37Q37Vic; No. 2 oats, 241i@25c; No. 2 white.
26V 4 f?27c; No. 3 white. 26V4®«7c; No. 2 rye, 60
«5E114c: fair to choice malting barley, E7@62c;
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 70; No. 1 Northwestern? $1 70;
prime timothy need, $4 45; mess pork, per bar
rel. $13 % r M 13 90; lard, per 100 pounds, $7 3u<3)
7 3714: short ribs sides (loose). $6 »0©7 15; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 61ift<!',4c: short clear
sides (boxed), $7 2f,ff7 85; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 27; sugars, cut loaf. 6.29c; granulated,,
5.C5c; confectioners' A, 5.59c; off A, 6.44c;
clover, contract grade, til.
Articles— , Receipt*. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24,000 '26,000
Wheat. . bushels 87.000 20,000
Corn, bushels ....' 679,000 110,000
Oats, bushels 390,000 246,000
Rye, bushels : 7,000 ff.OOO
Barley, bushels 143,000 ¦ '30,000
-On the Produce- Exchanse to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries. 14®21c; dalrle*
1114«?lSc. Cheese, dull, 1014®ll%c. Eggs,
weak; fresh, 18c.
Chicago Grain Market.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. ' ' Bid-Ask.
4s quar coup..ll3V4114Vi Us do cp (new)137H138
4s do reg 113%114>V3s do coup U0 110%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C0PC0 5s. 105 — Oak Water 5s. 102 102^
Cal-st Cab 5s. 116 — Oceanic SS 58.108H109
C C Watei" 68.106% — Om C Ry 6s. ..128 —
Ed L & P 6s. .131 135 Pac O lmz% 4s. 100 —
F & Cl Ry 6S.114& — P & Cl Ry 6s.lO5 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — P&ORRCs. — —
H C & S 514s. — — Powell-st R6s. 12014 —
Do 5s 104H — Sac E GAR 5s. — 99U
L, A R 5« H1V4 — S F & SJV 5s. 120 —
L A L Co 6s... — — S R of Cal 6s.U0 —
Do gntd Cs.. — 104 S P R of A fa-llO* —
! Do 5a — — S P C 63 (1905.
L A P R R os.lOlfc — Series A)....109H —
Markt Cab 6s.l2S — Do (Series JJ)110^4 —
Do 1st M 6«.121% — Do O3C6) 113 113%
N C N G R 7s. -r 113tf Do (1912) 121% —
N R of Cal 6S.112 113 S P R 1st g 59.107 108U
Do 5s 120 — S P B R C 6s.l3U4 —
N P C R R 63.10114 — S V Water 6s. 114141151;
Do Es 108 — Do 4s ., 104 lOltf
N Cal Ry 5S..110H — Do 3d mtge..l01% —
O O L. & H 59.110% — Stktn Gas 6s. .103 — •
Oak Tran 6s...ll4>41151i
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 704 'Spring Valley. K% -
Mar In County. 61H — »
.GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co — 4 Pac L. Co — 44
Equit G L Co. 2V4 — Sac E G&RCo. — 40
Mutual El Co. 6 7 S P G & B... 46«4 —
O G L &. H... 50 51 San Francisco. 3S 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. 44 — Stktn O & E. 14 —
INSURANCE STOCKS. -
Flrem's Fund.232 — |
BANK STOCKS..
Anglo-Cal -Ltd. 73 Lon P &A....143 145
Bank of Cal.. 406 — . Merchants' Ex 16 - —
CalS D & .T.-104T4106 SFNat Bk..l20 123
First National — — ¦
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & Li — 1850 Sav & L So... - —
Hum SAL..— — Sec Sav Bk...X75 —
Mut Sav Bk.. 50 — Union T Co... — —
S F Sav' U...510 — • ' .
¦'-' STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....135 — O S L. & H... 40 —
Geary-st ¦ ....>..*T\i — Presidio ...... 17H 20
Market-st .... 68% —'
POWDEB STOCKS.
California, v... 145 — IVlgorit 214 2%
Giant Con Co. 83* 84UI - '
, * SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P O. v -"IK"7tt Kllauea S Col 21X 21%
Han- C & S Co — .90 Makaweli S C 4214 —
Honokaa'S Co 31U — Onomea S Co. 28 2814
Hutch S P Co 26% — Paauhau S Co 32H 32ft
" : . MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.' :
Al Pac-.-Assn.125 1254 Oceanic SS Co. — 102
Cal Fruit Asn.lO61ilC61, Pac A F A... 2 —
Cal Wine Aan.100 — Pac Bor Co. ..153 134
Mer Ex Assn. 97 — Par Paint Co. 1»H —
Morning Session."
>'¦• - Board— -- ¦ - ¦ •
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co Ss 104 73
. 33 Giant Powder Con 83 75
25 Market Street Railway 68 73
170 S V Water.... 90 50
$500 U S JsCoupon.. ..110 50
150 Vlgorit Powder ..;. 2 6214
. Street—
' 30 Honokaa S Co.... 31 374
30 Paauhau S P Co.. .'. .;... 32 25
$2000 8 P of A bonds 11100
; '. " " . Afternoon Session. ' •
Board— . ' ' -r '
" 60 Giant Powder Con.; 83 75
$2600 Hawaiian Com ft Sugar 5s 104 12'i
- 10O Honokaa S Co........— —....„„.... 31 25
TUESDAY, Jan. 22—2 p. m.
Business in local stocks and bonds was quiet
on the morning session, with no change worthy
of note, and the eame conditions prevailed in
the afternoon.
On the morning session of the Oil Exchange
Monarch of Arizona and Petroleum Center were
the leading stocks at steady prices. In the
afternoon Kern advanced to $12®12 60.
The Central Point Consolidated Oil Company
will pay a dividend of 2c February 1.
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company has
declared the usual, quarterly dividend of 3 per
cent, payable immediately. '.
The Oceanic Steamship Company will pay a
dividend of 60c per share on February 1.
Harrison's circular says: '•Since January 1
the following coal cargoes from Australia have
been delivered here, viz.: Saint Anne. 2200
tons; Celtlcburn. 42?3 tons; Montgomeryshire.
2150 tons: Duchalburn. 3104 ton/; total. 11.737
tons. The list of chartered vessels for coal
from Newcastle and Sydney have shrunk to
twenty-three, with a carrying capacity of
about 72.000 tons. This is 54.OCO tons less than
five months ago, which is unquestioned evi
dence of the shrinkage of Colonial shipments.
Engagements for coal are becoming rare, al
though there has been a pronounced decline in
rates of freight, but -this has been more than
overcome by the . advanced price of coal, in
addition to which Is' the delay caused carriers
awaiting their turn. These obstacles com
bined make Newcastle an undesirable port for
vessels to seek business, and will compel our
local consumers to divert their orders to the
coast products. Some few of our large con
sumers would ¦ prefer . to confine themselves to
the Australian grades if they were assured a
tegular supply, and would prefer its use even
at a higher cost to the British Columbia, but
it Is questionable* if the existing situation would
warrant their doing so. Fuel oil has become
a ; pronounced factor as a steam producer
throughout the State, and its effect will be
felt more acutely later on in the year; this
is obvious- to every one In the trade. It la be
coming an assurance that for five years at
least; the wells opened and being sunk, will
give consumers an ample • supply."
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Some weakness in Potatoes is observable and
quotations : are • generally r , off.' Onions ' . are
steady;at. a slight- decline./ Sales ,of Bummer
.vegetables' from, the couth were of carried-over
stock, as s t,here 1 are *' no /receipts'; of , any conse
cuence Tuesdays." The top figure for, Asparagus
is obtained '. f of natural growth only.' ¦ • . .¦< ¦• "/ > .
POTATOES— Early Rose, '> 05@75c; Burbanks,
Potatoes, Onions and; Vegetables.
..BEANS— Bayos, $2 50® 2 75; Small White.
$4 6004 90; Large .White.- $4<94 25: Pink, K 25®
2 35; Red. $3 25(g3 50; 'Blackeye, $3®3 25;.Ltmas,
$5 60^5 70:. Pea. .cleaned -.up and nominal; Red
Kidney, $3 7S@4 r per ctl. v - ;cV. ¦'-> .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard,- nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 ."O4J3; Canary, 3%@
3-Kc for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7H©9\4c; Rape., 2®
2V4c: Hemp, 3H®3%c; -Timothy,- 6%c.
DRIED PEAS— ..Nlles. $202 60; Green, $2 70
©3 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal. :
Pink beans are reported In better < demand
again and quotations show some improvement.
White descriptions* rule .firm at the high
prices. There is nothing: new In seeds.
FEBDSTU.FFS — Rolled Barley. $16®17 per'
ten; Oilcake Meal, at the mill, 925®26; Jobbing.
J^f 50; Cocoanut Cake, ,$17«?18; Corn Meal. J25
(fT25 50< Cracked Corn. J25 50<g26; Mixed Feed
$15016. • . . < ' -
HAY— Volunteer, $5@8; Wheat, $11©13 50;
Wheat andOat. $lf«12 50: Oat. $3012: Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, . JS@9 50; Barley, J7 60^9 50
per ton. " ' -
, bTRAW— 33@47Hc.per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
• There' were two days' receipts to dispose of
yesterday on the hay; market, but the market
stcod'up very well under the accumulated offer-
Ing*. Bran was quoted extremely firm, but no
higher. .
URAN— J15SH5 E0 per ' ton. sA *
MIDDLINGS— $16 50019 CO per ton.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as 9 fol
lows, usual discount* to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 per ICO lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, »2 SO; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, J3 50; Oat Groats, Jl 50; Hom
iny. }3 501/3 75: Buckwheat/ Flour, H«H 2.">;
Cracked Wheat, ?3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. S3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), J6fa
7 23: In sacks. J5 75®7:. Pearl Barley, |5;- Split
Peas, Jo; Green Pens, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, S3 13ff3 25,
Ore gon, $2 75@2 85 . per barrel for family and
$2 7.*.f i 3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers'* J2 73
©3.
Prices for all descriptions under this head
stand as for some time.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are quiet at about t 37s
6d ar. an average rate, usual options. The char
tered wheat fleet in port has a reglstered fc ton
nage of 45,360. asalnst 40.S50 tons on the 'same
date last year; disengaged, 4473 tons, against*
9S3O; on the way to thiu port. 106,250 tons,
against- 175.SO0. . • .
WHEAT— Liverpool was steady, Paris higher
and New York lower.' Chicago was dull and
weak, though commission houses were good
buyers on breaks. Th«» crowd sold freely on
swells. The Wall street holdings have alt
been thrown on the market, and It is ques
tioned whether the market .can digest themi
At the same time there Is a demand for cash
Wheat, and sales for export In American
markets during .the past day. or two amount to
about 2.000.0C0 bushels. ;
The Buenos Ayres correspondent of the Lon
don Times says that the Argentine official es
timate of the exportable surplus of Wheat and
Flour Is 65.625,000 bushels. Trade circles there,
however, consider this exaggerated and place
the figures at about 45,000,000 bushels.
The local market is lifeless at nominal quo
tations.' '
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97«4c; milling, Jl@l 03
per ctl. ' . -
. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls, 1107%.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
/BARLEY— Continues weak and very dull at
/he decline.
' Feed. 73*4e for choice bright. 72tfc for No.
1 and 70c for oft grades; Brewing and Shipping
grcdes. 77%*?S2«4c; Chevalier, nominal.
" • CALL BOARD SALES. _
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.^j
¦ Second Session— No sales. !
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No ¦ sales.
OATS— Are still quiet but firmly held at the
old quotations.
White. $1 30S1 50;. Surprise, -nominal; Red,
$1 IJ@1 40 tor Feed and Jl 35<31 45 for Seed ;
Gray, .nominal; Black, for Feed. $1 17%®1 20;
for Seed. Jl 2501 30 per ctl.
CORN— Dealers continue to quote a nominal
and very dull market. Offerings, however, are
not large. Yellow. $1 12H: .White. Jl 10®l 15;
Eastern mixed. Jl 12% per ctl.
RYE— Continues dull and , freely offered at
82V.fiS7%c per ctl.
lJUCKWHEAT-Quoted at »1 85 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.. — $4 HV,
Sterling Exchange, sight — • 4 88%
Sterling Cables '. — 4 89<>i
New York Exchange, sight — > 17^
New .York Exchange, telegraphic — 22^
Fir.e Silver, per ounce — 62* 4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 5O'£ @ 51 -
Exchange and Bullion.
* — __4
NEW YORK. Jan. 22.— FLOUR— Receipts.
24.000 barrels;, exports, 20.000 barrels. Market
quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts. 37.800 bushels; exports.
J4.9CO bushels. Sdoi— Easy; No. 2 red. 79%c
t. o. b. afloat: No. 2 red. 77c elevator; No. 1
Northern • Duluth. S5T»c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth. SS^c f- .0. b. afloat. Options—
Opened easy, but held, steady all the forenoon
on light offerings. Subsequent weakness was
prompted • by seaboard shipments and mod
erate local selling. Closed weak. \c net de
cline. January closed 78%tc; March, 79H l &79 s ic
closed 79Hc; May. 79 5-16c, closed "E^c.
HOPS-Steady. ¦
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFRB— Dull. No. 7 Rio Invoice, 7%c:
mild, quiet; Cordova. 8@8Vic. Futures— Closed
steady at a net decline of 10^15 points. Total
sales. 21.5CO bags, including: February, $5 55;
March, $5 65; May. *5 75; June. J5 75: Septem
ber. $5 85: October, to 90; November. J3 90; De
cember, To 95.
SUGAR— Raw, steady: fair refining. 3 13-16c;
centrifugal, £6 test.. 4 5-16c;: molasses sugar,
3 9- 16c: refined, steady.
Butter— Receipts. 12,325 packages. Steady.
Creamery, 16@22c; factory, ll@14c
Eggs— Receipts. 3330 packages. Western
average, packed at mark, 19#20c; Western,
loss off, 20V-C s
DRIED FRUITS.'
Evaporated Apples quiet • State common.
3%64»ic; prime, 5@t%c; choice, 5HS6c; fancy,
C(?7c. • " ¦•
California Dried Fruits steady.
Prunes, 3«4@SHc per pound, as to size and
quality.
Apricots— Royal. 7ffl2c; Moorpark, . S^ipiSc.
Peaches— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 6%@10c.
80 Hutchinson S P Co *« «2^a
60 Hutchinson S P Co • 36 73
100 Makaweli S Co 43 50
75 9 F Gas *: Electric Co *S ** .
15 % F Gas & Electric Co 48 62H
3 S V Water... 1 ...;.......:..........:... W W
150 Vlgorit Powder. • 30 * «»
100 Vlgorit Powder ; 2 w
Street— _
50 Cal Wine Association 1C0 CO
10O Paauhau S P Co 32 2j
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Four Oil Co W
200 Junction »3
100 Junction t»
75 Kern Oil Co » 75
40 Kern - -ver It 50
10O LJon Oil Co 25
500 McKittrick Consolidated 21
200 Monarch of Arizona "•*
1000 Monarch of Arizona 73
900 Monarch of Arizona 73
So Monte Cristo 2 20
2P«i Monte Cristo , 2 13
4700 Petroleum Center . 24,
1C00 Petroleum Center, b SO 23
1C0 Petroleum Center 23
150 Reed Crude Oil Co 63
1P0 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 13 30
ICO Sterling O & E> Co.' ...'. "• 3 40
1CC0 Sterling O & D Co. b 30 3 50
1C0 Sterling O A D Co 3 50
20CO W»st Lake •' . 21
Street—
200 Kern Oil Co.. 11 62S
20 Kern Oil Co 11 8"^
2C0 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 13 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Bear Flag ' 43
3PO California Standard S3
500 California Standard &
10O El Dorado I • 1 so
4:0 Four Oil Co 57
1 Hanford 113 00
100 Home OH * * 1°
500 Independence " - l
50 Kern Oil Co.... « <»
173 Kern Oil Co 12 12r,
210 Kern Oil Co 12 25
700 LJon Oil Co ->
900 Lion Oil Co ;?
400 Monarch of Arizona £
100 Monarch of Arizona, s 30 ••»
3 Oil City Petroleum 34 CO
50 Peerless 9M
100 Petroleum Center 25
3750 Petroleum Center *8
1300 Rewl Crude Oil Co **
300 Reed Crude Oil Co 6»
300 San Joaquln Oil & Dev-. 12 50
200 Wolverine 1 TZ\i
500 Inde'iSdence , »
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Jan. 23—2:30 p. m.
STOCKS. I Bid. Asked.
Buckhorn j. — 3 50
Burlington — 25
California-Standard 37 33
Caribou 50 £3
El Dorado 180 183
Four Oil Co 5* 57
Hanrord 117 00 113 PO
Hanfonl-Fresno-Kern River .. 33 43
Home OH ....: 4 C5 415
Homestake — 10 50
Independence 21 -~
Kern OH Co 11 UH K 37^
Kern River — 1*75
Lion Oil Co 23 . 27
Los Angeles O & T Co 4 00 4 2o
McKittrick Consolidated 20 23^.
Monarch of Arizona, 74 — 9
Black Jack 125 150
Plttsburg — . *> ?
Senator J 25 2 «•
Superior — 33
Occidental o* W Va S3 «5
Oil City Petroleum — » 00
Petroleum Center 25 27
Producers' & Consumers* — 10 00
Reed Crude «3 S3
Rex - E0 —
Royal — EO
San Francisco & McKittrtck.. — 2 23
Pan Joaquin O & D Co 12 25 12 50
Shamrock 80 100-
Sterling O & D Co..... 2 35 3 4-1
Sunset Original S3 43
Twenty-Eight — 2 37*4
Westlake ~ 13 2*
Yukon 66 63
Central Point — * CO
Century — W
Continental — 1 "
Junction 80 »4
Peerless — » 0°
Queen Esther — «0
Thirty-Three OH Co 10 00 —
Wolverine 170 1 72V» -
MINING STOCKS.
Following wer» the sales In tho San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchanga Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher 23 100 Overman ...... 15
1250 Con Cal & Va.l W 100 Sierra Nevada. 21
700 Mexican 29 200 Standard, 4 50
150 Ophir 64
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 09 400 Mexican 23
900 Belcher OS 100 Ophir (4
200 Caledonia 68 200 Ophir (3
400 Con Cal * Va.l 60 300 Sierra. Nevada. 20
200 Crown Point... 11 ! 100 Yellow Jacket.. 13
400 Hale ft Nor era 17 1
Follotvir.se were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session,
400 Best & Belcher 23 300 Ophir 64
400 Best & Belcher 24 300 Potosl 09
2350 Con Cal & Va.l 83 200 Savage IS
400 Con Cal & Va.l 60 500 Sierra. Nevada. 2k
600 Mexican 29 400 Silver H1U 4G
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 23 400 Con C & V. 1 «H
400 Best & Belcher 24 200 Crown Point .. 11
700 Con Cal & \>.l 65 500 Yellow Jacket.. 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask., Bid. Ask.
Alpha, 03 OOustlce. .... 07 CS
Alts, 03 C3 Kentuck 01 C3
Andes 03 09 Lady Wash. .. — 03
Belcher OS 03 Mexican 23 29
Best & Belcher 23 24 Occidental .... 03 03
Bullion 03 04 Ophir :... SI S3
Caledonia 6« «J Overman 13 1*
Challenge Con. IS 18 Potosl 03 09
Chollar 11 12 Savage 17 13
Confidence .... — 60 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va,l 60 1 «3 Seg Belcher .. 03 04
Con Imperial .. — 02 Sierra Nevad*. 20 21
Crown Point. ..10 11 Silver Hill .... 43 47
Con New York. — 02 St Louis — 10
Eureka Con .. — 3"> Standard 4 23 4 50
Exchequer .... — 02 Syndicate — 10
Gould & Curry 40 4J Union Con .... J5 29
Hal« A Norcrs 13 IS Utah 05 07
Julia 02 04 Yellow Jacket.. 13 IS
THE CALI/S CALENDAR.
A. G. McAdle. f«ection director of the climate
«.r.<J crop section of the Weather Bureau, makes
the following report for the week:
"The temperature has ,been v considerably
• hove the normal In all parjs of the State dur
ing the-.week. No severe* frosts have been re
ported, though occasional light to heavy frost*
have occurred in some sections. Clear weather
has rrevailed during part of the week, with
occasional fogs In some localities. Rain com
menced falling Sunday morning, continuing at
intervals during the day, and is still falling.
The rain has apparently reached all parts of
the State, and will be very beneficial in the
f-cruthern portion, where crops were showing a
lack at moisture.
"Reports from all sections indicate that early
rown grain is In the best possible condition,
end th'iURh not making very rapid growth, is
rtrong and healthy, having been benefited by
lavoreWf ondltions thus far through the se«
*cn. A large crop of wheat and barley has
l»en Bown in all pa'ts of the Slate, and this
largo acreage Is being Increased as rapidly as
«eath<r permits. Grass is also In excellent con
dition. Pro*pe<-ts are rood «t the present time
for heavy crops of grain and hay In all sec
tlnnr. Plowing and reeding are In progress In
ail places where the poll h«« dried sufficiently.
"Orchartlists and vlneyardlsts have made
considerable progress in pruning. Trees and
vines are looking well, and have also been
brmT.ted by cool m-^ather. So far as can be
ascertained, the severe frosts at the beginning
of the month have caused no material dam
are. with the exception of some Injury to cit
rus f ru'.ts. '
Weather Report.
fl20th Meridian— Pacific Tim*.)
FAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 22, 1901—5 p. m.
The following are the feasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last reason, and rainfall In »be last twenty-four
Fan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
ES; minimum. 50; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The rrerror* has risen rapidly over the Pa
cific Slope north of San Francisco. It has fallen
F'.lghtly on the coast south of Point Conception.
An area of hlsth pressure extends from Southern
Washington to Utah, and conditions are more
favorable for tattled, fair weather than for
several days past.
There has been but little change In tempera
ture over the country wwt of the Rocky Moun
tains. . .
Light rain has fallen from Sacramento north
ward. The river at Red Bluff is 13.8 feet and
falling.
Forecast ir.afie at San Francisco for- thirty
hours ending midnight, January 23. 1901: .
Northern California— Fair Wednesday: light
northerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; light
rortherly winds.
Nevada— Lljrht rain In extreme northern por
tion; fair elsewhere.
Utah— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona — Cloudy WednesSay; light northerly
minds.
Pan Frs.ncl*co and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
light northerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
The Weather and Crops.
Export* of flour from this port In 1900 were
1.I34.7S5 bbls. valued at t3.CS6.420. against 971.
170 bbls In 1?J?. Reducing this Flour to a
Wheat basis and adding it to the exported
Wheat gives total Wheat exports for the cal
endar year of 1JG0 of 11,139.500 centals, valued at
S11.C11.300, againct 6.160.700 ctls at f6.SSS.000 ill
1SS8.
Exports of Flour and Wheat.
I United States refunding te declined % per cent
and the 3s coupon advanced U P«r cent.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares . Closing
Sold. Stocks— . . Bid.
16.000 Atchlson 44'4
25.100 Atchlson prefd 84%
S.900 Baltimore & Ohio 87«*
Canadian Pacific SS 1 *
300 Canada Southern 66*4
J.6G0 Chesapeake & Ohio 38S
1.500 Chicago Great Western 17H
20,#C« Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 142%
600 Chicago Ind 4 Louisville 22^
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 59
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 91«4
400 Chicago & Northwestern 170
10.900 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 120H
1.000 C C C & St Louis 76V4
200 Colorado Southern 7
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41
Colorado Southern 2d prefd ' 15H
2.700 Delaware & Hudson 151'i
1.0CO Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 192%
300 DenVer*»Rio Grande 30%
200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 81«>
20.900 Erie 2s "
21.900 Erie 1st prefd 634
1.100 Great Northern prefd 192
200 Hocking Coal 15U
1.000 Hocking Valley 43W
fOO- Illinois Central 130%
300 Iowa Central 23
Iowa Central prefd 49
500 Lake Erie & Western 4U4
Lake Erie & Western prefd 109
Lake- Shore ....-..„.;..:...... 210>i
M.OO0 Louisville 4 Nashville 87*. '
17.700, Manhattan L.. .;....-. H4W
3.500 Metropolitan Street Railway 162 ;
400 Mexican Central 13^4
200 Minn A St Louis 67W
Minn & St Louis pr*fd 103
C4.700 Mlesourt Pacific 86%
Mobile & Ohio 43% j
9.000 Missouri Kansas & Texas 164
K.2C0 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 47»»
-•-¦•-¦ New Jersey Central ..t. ,150
3.200 New York Central.. *142>4
7.2(0 Norfolk & Western.'.. r Y. 444 I
200 Norfolk & Western prefd a'
43.100 Northern Pacific ; : 82*4
2.5C0 Northern Pacific prefd.... ' 557,
17.400 Ontario & Western.: 3014
Oregon Railway & Nav 42'
¦;,'^; ®™ Kon R«Hway & Nav prefd * 76
11.900 Pennsylvania .'.... f. *145U
1S.600 Reading 3??
7.»00 Reading 1st. prefd \ "" -.nZ
6.100 Reading 2d prefd "..".." 41?
Ri° Grande & Western...: .".'.'." 65
"T^A Rl ° Gran<3 ' & Western prefd 92
5,000 St Louis & San Fran........... 27
, |00 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 79*4
as; it a fflsassss at
St Paul prefd *. i«s
....... St Paul & Omaha '. :" 130
62.200 Southern Pacific " """ 4314
9,600 Southern Railway ........ -r,
2.500 Southern Railway prefd ••••-••• J*
S1.6f-) Texas & P.ciflc. .„...:; 28H
£9.200 Union Pacific i|t*
IMW wCsh aClflC fd ::::::::::: ?£
47.9ro Wabash prefd ...'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 2^
2.C00 Wheeling & Lake Erie "" )m
500 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 2«£
2O0 Wisconsin Central „ 15^
100 Third Avenue im'
1.500 Baltimore & Ohio prtfd 7.7.V. 84%
1.J00 National Tube ..„. kJS
500 National Tube prefd 9s
Express Companies — """
Adams ¦tie
100 American 17?
United States M
Wells Fargo '.'.'.'.'. 130
Miscellaneous—
J.C50 American Cotton OH 2S%
American Cotton Oil prefd " fc7
American Malting 4V,
....... American Malting prefd :~ nil
2.oOO American Smelting & Refining 6I>2
600 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... 98
American Spirits 2
.. ... American Spirits" prefd •....!! 17
2.600 American' Ste*l Hoop 21&:
100 American Steel Hoop prefd "" 70%
6.600 American Steel & Wire JSU
...... American Steel & wire prefd....!!!'. M
S.EOO American Tin Plate jjvi
"r~^ Am *rl«>n Tin plate pre fd g9
6.000 American Tobacco 113
"i\LAk Arner * c «n Tobacco prefd... I! '.'.'.'.'.'.'. 140
2,200 Anaconda Mining Co 43
52,400 Brooklyn Rapid Transit '.'.'.!! 79U
4.200 Colorado Fuel & Iron.... 441.
8.200 Continental Tobacco 43^4
21.12c 1 ?eSe£rs1ee7 Ob "*~ gjg " ::: %
2,<K>0 Federal Steel prefd....!! 69
400 General Electric *""""lS6
' 300 Glucose Surer 47
200 Glucose Sugar prefd •••-¦••
3.000 International Paper 20
' 6,000 International ' Paper prefd....!. "" 70
Laded* Gas ;•»
400 National Biscuit ...' ! zi\
100 National Biscuit prefd ..".! 93
National I>-ad " - i«ii
National I^ad prefd........'." «2
600 National Steel ' r-ii
300 National Steel prefd ' y '" 90+?
New York Air Brake "*150
1.500 North American 20%
Pacific Coast £4
Pacific Coast ]*t prefd...... .'.'.'! 88
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
100 Pacific Mail [ Jj
6.600 People's Gas
1,500 Pressed Fteel Car.... 85^
' Pressed Eteel Car prefd " 78
Pullman Palace Car us
100 Standard Rope & Twine zv.
50.900 Sugar ls |2 1
100 Sugar r>refd 'ug
3.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron '" M«
6,100 United States leather n%
400 United States Leather prefd . . ' 73<2
400 United States Rubber 21
500 United *tRte« Rubber prefd.... SO
1.200 # Western Union gju
8,700 Amalgamated Copper .'. ' )iRTi
C00 Republic Iron. & Steel 12%
700 Republic Iron & 8teel prefd 56>A
pectst Loui 1.. ....:... ,;¦; m
523.S00 Shares sold. ' ,"•"
CLOSING BONDa
U S 2d refunding J N* Y Central 1st*. 10694
reg ,..!<£•. V J Cen gen 6s. ...127
do coup 105'' N'orthern Pa 3s... 70%
do 3s reg ..WV do 4s 104%
do 3s-coup..":....ll(Vy V Y C * St L-4s.lO«U
do new 4s reg...ia6V4' Vorf & Wn con 4s 100
do new 4s COUP.M37U Oregon Nav lsts..no
do old 4s reg....H3Mi do 4s;'.... 103V4
do old 4s coup..H3H Oregon S L 6s.. 129V4
do 6s reg .110H do con Es H6
do 5s coup 111% Reading Gen 4s... 9J«
Dls of Col 3.65s. ..12S R G Wn lsts.. 98>4
Atchlson gen 4s..lO3Vj «tL4IM con 5s.ll4%
do adj 4s 89U 3t L 4 8 F gen 6s.l28
Canada 8n 2nds...ll0V4 3t Paul cons 180
Ches Sl Ohio 4HS..10S St P C & P lsts. 118
do 5s ?....110% ¦ do os ........119U
Ch & Nw con "B..133H Southern Pa 4s... 83%
do S F Deb 5s. .124 Southern Ry 5s... 112*2
Chicago Ter , 4s '92 . Stan RAT 6s €6
Colo Sn 4s 82H Texas & Pa igts 11s'
Denver & R O 4«.1OOV4 do 2ds 100
Erie Oen 4s 83% Union Pa 4s .\".io«
F W & DC lsts. 79% Wabash lsts iu%
Gen Electrtc" 8s... 155 f do 2ds no
lows. Central lets.lloV4 West Shore 4s.. "li4Vt
LAN unified 4s.. 101 |Wls Central lsts.! Sff
M K & T 2s......: n%iVlrg Centuries .... 96
Do 4s ......96V
MINING STOCKS.
Adam* Con ......." 20 Little' Chief ... . . ig
Alice 45. Ontario "6 75,
Greece ..:.......... J 00 Ophir 69
Brunswick Con .. 27 Phoenix- *.!¦ -10
Ccmstock Tunnel.. 04 Potosl 0 7
Con Cal & Va.:... 155 Savage 17
Deadwood Terra... 53 Sierra Nevada . 20
Horn Silver ..;...- 1 19 Small Hopes'...... «g
Iron Bllver t 65 Standard 4. 20
Leadvllle Con .... -, 061 .
Money-', • Rubber 21'-
Call loans ..;..i»Hf4% Union Pacific ..... 83%
Joans »H«4 West End 91
. Et^ c i.*~ ; ¦ ' ' Bonds— ..
AtchTop A S F..44% Atchlson 4s .......102
A l° P^ 11 • ..-MT4 NK Oas & Cokt 6« 67 s
American .Sugar...W55 Mining Ehares-
T ,° 1 < J'PI e f d \:--".-«BVi Adventure 9
B * u . Te l«P&«««....i«l., Blngham .15%
Exchange and Silver as prrjiausly quo(e'd.
Wheat and Barley continue dull and easy..
Oats, Corn and Rye sho:v little life.
Bran firm and Hay steady at previous prices.
Pink and White Beans finn and in demand. . Seeds dull.
Potatoes shozv some zveakness. Onions also easier.
Butter and Cheese unchanged. Eggs firm at a further advance.
Poultry and Game in ample supply and weak.
Citrus and Tropical Fruits abundant.
Rather more nibbling at Dried Fruit. -
Cured Meats very firm and moving off fairly.
Wool and Hops dull. Tallow firm. Hides quiet and weak.
Hogs steady. Beef, Veal and Mutton firm. i
Coal in sufficient supply for current needs.
Local stocks and bonds quiet. Oil stocks fairly active.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
: WASHINGTON. Jan. 22.— To-day's statement
of the treasury shows: Available cash bal
ance, $136,932,900; gold. $74,565,104.
*- ¦ — — '— *
Condition of the Treasury.
; NEW YORK. Jan. 22 —Money on call steady
ac 2©'2V4 per cent. Prime mercantile paper.
*4$Wi per cent. Sttrllng exchange easier,
with actual business In bankers' bills at $4 S7«
for demand.and at $4 V3\J, for sixty days; posted
ffVL 1 *' ** 84 ® 4 8< H and $4 88; commercial bills,
H S2\©4 S3',i. Silver certificates, 63ft®64c.
Bar silver. 62»4c, Mexican dollars. 48%c. Gov
ernment bonds, irregul.tr; State bonds, inac
tive; railroad bonds, firm.
Nav York Money Market.
CLOSING
_Atchlson. 45H; Canadian Pacific, 91V1; Union
Pacific preferred, 84%: Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 88: Anaconda. 8%; Grand Trunk. 7. Bar
silver, quiet. 28 15-16d. Money. 2J403 per cent.
NEW TORK, Jan. 22.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The market here was very quiet to-day. The
tone of prices was firm, but businers was slack.
The whole world seemed to be -watching the
Queen. The American department was the most
RC J.w ,_ The opening was strong on the rally
which began in New York last night and
t>roufn,t bears to scramble to cover. After the
opening American shares held steady under th6
encouragement of the strong market In New
lork. Money was unchanged. Silver was
drooping on New York sales.
London Market.
Boston .& Alban>;.254 Amalg. Copper..!.. 89
Elevated .161 Atlantic ........... 27Vi
Vfton & Maine. .194 Boston & Montana314
Cul Bur & Q H3 Butte , & Boston... 79V5"
Dominion Coal ... 35% Calumet & Hecla..S55
do prefd 109 jCentennlal 2114
F ?,<leral Steel 45TJ Franklin 15&
_ do P refd 6SH Humboldt 50
Fltchburg prefd ..140 Osceola 79%
G * neral Electric ..186^ Parrot „. 4S&
_do_prefd ..... 158^ Qulncy 163 (
Ed Electric 111. ...214 Santa Fe Copper.. 5^4
M« le «n Central .. 13>4 Tamarack ......... 328
J?. . E G »s & Coke. 12 Utah Mining ...... 32Si
°,2 Colony 2og winona..... 4%
Old Dominion .... 30% Wolverines 43
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS,
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 22. — WHEAT — Spot,
steady; No. 1 California, 6s 4d: No. 2 red West
ern winter, £s.ld; No. 1 Northern spring^ 6s 3Hd.
Futures— Quiet: March,. 6s »id; May, 6s Id.
CORN — Spot, quiet: American mixed new, 3s
lid;- old. 4s.- Futures— Quiet; July 3s lOHd;
March, 3s 9%d; May, 3s 9Hd.
- LIVERPOOL. Jan. 22.— WHEAT— Steady; No.
1 Standard California, 6s -I VI: wheat in
Paris, firm; flour In Paris, steady; French coun
try markets, quiet and steady; weather in Eng
land, overcast.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 17-32d.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Jan. 22.— Consols. 96 7-16. Silver,
28 15-16d. French rentes. lOlf 90c. Cargoes on
passage, "quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 Stand
ard California 30s; cargoes Walla Walla, 29s;
English country markets, quiet.
Foreign Markets.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., Jan. . 22.-Wheat-Walla
Walla. E4@54Hc
' TACOMAi Jan. 22.— Wheat steady and un
changed; Bluestem. 57%c; Club, £5c
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Or., Jan. 22.-Clearings, $203,
195; balances, $38,3S2.
Portland's Business.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining. 3 13-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 5- 16c; molasses sugar,
3'9-lGc. Refined, steady.
NEW YORK. Jan. 22.— Cotton Closed un
changed to 1 point down.
Nczv'York Cotton- Market.
NEW YORK, Jan 22.— Speculative activity
was still dormant in the market for metals.
Aside from a little firmness in tin the local
market was a featureless affair.
TIN— Closed firm at 126 8O®27.
LEAD— Was unchanged at $4 37V4.
COPPER— Closed unchanged at $17 for Lake
and $16 €2V£ for casting.
PIGIRON— Warrants quiet and unchanged at
$9 50@10 50; Northern foundry, $15@16 50. .
New York Metal Market.
London . Wool Sales.
LONDON, Jan 22.— The offerings at the wool
eales to-day numbered 13,366 bales. The best
grades of scoured and greasy were in good de
mand and firm. Fine Merinos were steady, but
coarse and low grades were irregular and lower.
Cross-breds were in fair demand and sold freely
to the home trade and the Continent at full
rates. Some good cross-breds were taken by
American buyers. Cape of Good Hope and Na
tal were in full supply, the fine stock holding
firm. Common and gray stock showed an easier
tone. Southwest whites were steady. The gen
eral bidding was Black at times and some of
ferings -of Montevideo were withdrawn.
Territory wools, scoured basis— Montana and
Wyoming fine medium and fine. 16@17c: scoured,
46(Jj648c; staple. 49@i0c; Utah' fine medium and
fine, 15<fl6c; scoured, 46@47c; staple, 49@50c:
Idaho fine medium and fine, 15@16c; scoured, 46
©47c; staple, 49®50c.
•Australian wools, scoured "basis— Spot prices,
combing superfine, nominal, 73@75c; good, 674f
70c; average, 64@67c. .. ..
BOSTON, Jan. 22.— The wool market here Is
quiet. but prices. hold steady. The demand for
wool is confined to the actual immediate neces
sities of 'the manufacturers.. There seems to
be no speculative feeling, to, induce' purchases
ahead and what sales have been made are in
Fpots. Territory wool continues to head the list
of sales. ' •
Boston Wool Market.
mixed, $3 50©3 85; Western sheep, $3 73@5 60;
Texas sheep, $2 50®3 60; .'Western ./lambs, $5®
5 50. ¦ ' ¦ - ¦ •,-/.„•
FOR TUESDAY. 'JANUARY 22.
Flour, qr sks.... 15.03SfLime. bbls i«2
Wheat, ctls 1.100'«traw. ton. »
Barley, ctls. 6,STk* <ay. tons Ji»
gve. c «» 650 Wool, bales u
Potatoes s!ts .. 3,187 Wine, gals 1M.30O
Onions, sks 4 Leather, roll* .. 230
B™ n - sk " ••,- 1.2S8 Ouleksllver. flsks 12S
Mlddllnfrs sks .. «i Raisins, bxs 9OO
Tallow, ctls 235 Pelts, bdls m
Sugar, ctls 2.115 Hides, no 263
OREGON.
Flour. -or sks.... 14. 2»7 1 Oats. ct!s 4S5
Wheat, ctls 1.560 1 Potatoes ska ..I 952
Receipts of Produce.
Packers reuort rather better supolles of
Hogs, owing to the recent advance, but prices
are not disturbed. • .
Quotations for Beet, Mutton and Veal stand
for^wT 7^® 8 '^ 0 for Ste * r " and 6 ® 7Hc p* 1 " lb
y.f-Alf-LftW. 8f9c; small. 9®llc per lb.
rw-Si ' 9^© 10c : Ewes. 9®9Hc
* v£%£~\°P U 5, z * r 1^l p . rtn * r ' "H^lSc per lb.
PORK— Live Hoc*. 674*r6c for small and 5 T *«
6c for medium and 6%®5%c for large: stock
Hogs and feeders. 6V4@5V*c; dressed Hogs. 7U
©»V4c
San Francisco Meat Market.
washed. J2®13c for good to prime washed pea
berrj'. lligll^c nominal for good to prime pea
berry. 10H@12c for good to prime. 9H®10c nom
inal for good current mixed with black beans.
9@10c nominal for fair, 6ig7'!ic nominal for
common to - ordinary. Salvador— WfceiSc for
good to prime washed. 9©10>4c for fair washed.
ll@12ttc for good to prime washed peaberry. 9»/4
@9Uc for good to prime semi-washed SfiS^ie
for superior unwashed, 8Hf?8* -c for good green
unwashed, 10Q10»ic for good to superior un
washed peaberry. 6©7Hc for common to ordi
nary. Nicaragua— U<& 16c nominal for prime to
fancy washed. 10#12c nominal for fair to
strictly good washed. SV4@9c nominal for good
to suDerior unwashed. 10@10Hc nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican— 13S16V4C for prime to fancv
washed. ll@12c for strictly good washed. 10»i&
libS n tor , frood wasned - »U@10c for fair washed.
tyaoc for medium, 6®7»ic for inferior to or
ainary. ll(913c for good to prime washed D?a
berry. 10<gl0%e nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry. 8V4@3%c nominal for good to
superior unwashed. • •
LEATHER-Sole. heavy, 2S«33c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26@3Cc: Sole Leather, light.
20(S2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy. 27i@28c; P.oueh
Ljpather. light. 2S@26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
32fl3Sc; Harness Leather, medium. 30©37c"
Harness Leather, light. 79£35e; Collar Leather"
15@16c per foot: Kip, unfinished. 40050c per lb :
veal, finished. 60@55c: Calf, finished. TScgSl W
Rides, finished,. 16® 17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. H®16c; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb
TAKBARK- Ground. $26«2S per ton; Stick.
IIS© 20 per cord.
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases, No. 1.
lil- pur '- * x 3 °: Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
<0c: ra w, 6Sc: cases, oc more; Lucol. 69c per
gallon for boiled and 67c foriraw; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 70c; cases, 75c;
China Nut, 56©66c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
Oil, barrels, 65c; cases. 70c; .Sperm, pure, 65c-
hale Oil. natural white, 37HQ42HC per gal
lon: Fish Oil. barrels. 35c: cases. 40c.
OIL, GASOLINE AND BENZINE-
Water White Coal Oil, in bulk. 13c: Pearl Oil,
cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star. 19c; Extra star
j3c; Elaine. 24c; Eocene. 21c; Deodorized Stove
Oasollne. in bulk. 14Hc: cases. 2OHc; Benzine,
bulk. 13Hc; cases, 19^ C ; 86-degree Gasoline,
bu ' k . We: cases, 28c per gallon.
TURPENTINE— 61c per gallon In cases and
ooc in drums or Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD-Red Lead. 7US
UantU 1 " Wh «e_t#ad, 7g7Hc. according to
QUICKSILVER-H7 50S« 50 per flask for lo
cal tee and J4J for export.
SL OAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.2ic: Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. a.Soc; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
r £- ner! U & 5 - 7:5<: : Magnolia A. 5.35c; Extra C.
6.2oc; Golden C. 5.15c; barrels. 10c more; half-
Darrels. 2oc more; boxes. 30c more: 60- lb bags,
loc more. No orders taken for less than 75
i /r« cr L ts e< 5ulvarenL Dominos, half-bar
rel!', 6.50c; boxes. 8.75c D«r lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as followsr Pin
w^S* 1 ?!?^"'. 116 ® 17 : extra al "*- higher: Red!
wood. $17^18 for No. 1 and $15®15 for No. J:
Lath. 4 feet, $3 10®*: Pickets. $18; Shingles, n 73
spilt and $12 for sawn; Rustic. $20©28.
COFFEE — Costa Rica— 133114c * nominal 'for
prime washed, ll@12^c nominal • f or "good
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles. 4%e; cases.
regular, ' $5: > cases, extra i large," $S 25; ' cases.
Eastern style.- $5 50; Boneless. 6%c;- "Norway,"
6Hc; "Narrow Gauge.": 6Hc; I "Silver King,"
7c; blocks. "Oriental. ""BV4c; -blocks/ "Sea
bright." eyic;. tablets, 7c; middles, "Golden
State," 6V»c; middles, • "White S«al," 8Hc; 6-lb
boxes fancy' Boneless,' •', 9c ; -2-lb , boxes fancy
Boneless, 7c; Deslcoated, per dozen, 75c; Pickled
Cod. barrels, each, ' 17 60: •-. Pickled Cod, - half
barrels, each, $4 50. '--¦• „.' •'¦-.'¦ -.'.;.' - • '
¦ CORDAGE — The local -cordage company
quotes aa follows: Pure . Manila. , 12Vic per lb;
Sisal sizes and bale rope, :9c; DuDlex. Sc.
Terms. 60 days or 1V4 percent.cash discount:-.
COAL-9 Wellington, .$9. per . ton;', Southfleld
Wellington, J9; Seattle,'. $7; Bryant, J7; . Coos
Bay.'Jo 30; Wallsend,: $3; -Co-operative Walls
end, V. Cumberland, J12 In bulk and $13 f5 in
sacks : Pennsylvania Anthracite ¦ Egg, $14 ; Can
nel, $10 per, ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
$18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45
per:2000 lbs and $S JO per? ton,, according' to
brand.' ««MeHfews^site*Si^a|&'-; : . . .•-*-..
CANNED FRUIT— Extras in 2V4-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots, SI 50; Cherries, $2
for black and $2 for Royal Anne; Grapes, 31 35;
Peaches, $1 65@1 73; Pears, « So; Plums, $1 35®
Jl 40;: Quinces. $1 85; Strawberries,, $1 75. ,
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. . $3 65; Calcutta
Grain Hairs, June and July. 6%c; Wool Bags,
30@32Hc: Fleece Twine. 7tfc . .
General Merchandise.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln,-6H@8c; do lambs, 8@
9c; Middle County. 9ffWc; Northern . Mountain,
free, . 10<Sllc; Southern • ¦ Mountain, 7Vj@8%c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— 12©16c per lb.
¦ WOOLr-Sprlng Clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@16c; Northern, defective. 12@
14c; Middle County, free, 15®16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12814c; Southern Mountain. 12
months',. 9® 10c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9@llc; Humbpldt and Mendoclno, IS
@17c; Nevada. 13©16c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS-^Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted 8teers,
9Hc; medium. 9c; light. S@SHc; Cow Hides,
8V4c for heavy and 8@8Hc for light; Stags, 6@
t'V; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 15tfc; Culla, 13Vfcc; dry
kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 16^17c; culls and brands.
14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30c each; short
Wool. 30®55c each; medium, 60®75c; long Wool,
"ocTi $1 each ; Horse Hides, salt, 12 60®2 75 for
large and }2@2 25 for medium. $1@1 25 for small
and EOc for colts; Horse Hides, dry, 1175 for
large, %l $& for medium, $1 25 for small and 50c
for colts. Deerskins^ — Summer or red skins. 35c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins.
20c, Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth,' EOc; medium, 3Ec. • •
• TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%®lV4c, per lb;
No. 2. 3%c; grease, 2®4V4c, .
Dealers in Wool and Hops report nothing. new
In either description, both being quiet at large
ly nominal prices, i Tallow Is firm at the recent
advance. Hides are dull, with more stock
than is needed at the moment. '••'¦¦
Hams .are firm at the advance already noted,
and the other cured meats . are also in | good
shape for sellers. Barreled goods stand as be
fore. . ....
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll@lU4c per lb for
heavy, 11 V4ffl2c for light medium. 12<4@13c i for
light. 13Ht» 14c for extra light and 15tj-15V t e for
sugar-cured; Eastern .... sugar-cured Hams,
12c; Mess Beef, $12 per barrel: extra Mess, $13;
Family. 114; extra Prime Pork. $15<3I5 50; extra
clear. *19 E0®20; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c
per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%®6%c per lb for
compound and. 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9Vic; 10-lb tins, 9%c; 6-lb tins, 9v»c
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8%c; three
half -barrels, " 8c; one tierce, 7%c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7Hc per lb.
i i
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
Fine Apples I continue ' scarce '. and firm, and
even common r.re none too -plentiful, though
there are enough to go around. Paars are large
ly nominal. ¦
Oranges, Lemons, Limes and Bananas con
tinue in liberal supply, and with the excep
tion of the latter prices show little variation.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES — S5ti€5c per box for common and 75c
@fl 50 for good to choice; Spltzenbergs, $1 2;«j"
175; Oregon Spltzenbergs, $1 50@l 75.
PEARS— 50c(&$l 50 per box.
• CRANBERRIES— Wisconslns. - $13 SO per bar
rel, i- - ¦! ... .
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. J *1@2;
Seedlings, 50c&$l; Tangerines, nominal; Man
darins. 75c@$l; Lemons, 25c@jl 25 for common
and II 60@2 for good to choice; Grape Fruit,
eOcig'UaO: Mexican Limes. U 50<5S; California
Limes, CW35c; Bananas, 5Oc@Jl 50 per. bunch;
Pineapples, 75cfi$2 per dozen. \ - - -
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The local trade report rather more demand
for fruits in a small way, but. not enough to
cause any life to the market. With the ex
ception of Apples prices stand about the eame.'
The statement that the Raisin Association
had fixed prices for the, Pacific brand Is said
to be a mistake. None have yet been made,
but probably will be this week. • .
FRUITS — Prunes, Santa' Claras. 4 sizes. 3c;
30-40s, 7c; 40-50s. 6%c; 60-6Os. 4Uc: 6O-7Cs. S*ic;
70-SCs, SUc; 80-908. 2%c; <0-100s.- 2%c; 100-120e.
H4c; rubies. %c premium; He and
Saa Joaqulns Me less than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Apri
cots, GftSe for Royals and 10© 10Ue for Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, ,4<&5%e; sun-dried,
lHCTS^ic; Peaches, 4@oc for' standard, 6@6c for
choice and 6V4@"7c for " fancy; Pears, 2®7c;
Pl»>ms, pitted, 5e«^c: unpltted. 101Vic; Nec
tarines. ;,(5~>\ic for red and S^§6c for white.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c :• per lb;. choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas — Fanoy, 10V4c per
lb; choice, 9Hc; standard, 8%c;- prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, SO-lb boxes,
6Hc; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6Hc; 2-crown, 6c
London Layers, 2-crown; $1 B0 per box; 3-crown,
$1 CO; Fancy Clusters, )2; Dehesa, $2 50; . Im
. perial. $3. All prices f . o. b. at common ship
ping • points in California.- ¦ . • : •
NUTS— Chestnuts, 9® 10c per lb for Italian;
hardshell. 10c; No. 2, "He; Almonds, 12tl3c for
papershell, 9©llc for softshell;- Peanuts, WBc,
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, -ISe^Fllberts. 13c; Pe
cans. llf?13c: Cocoanuts. |3 50@6. . . .
HONEY— Comb. 13H®14ftc for. bright and 12H
for light amber; water white extracted,
7$;<SSc; light amber extracted, 6V4Q"c; dark,
6««Hc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Cranberries are In greatly -reduced supply,
and there is only one kind left on the market.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Previous quotations ruled for Butter. Cream
ery grades were steady, .but dealers reported
that dairy Butter was a glut and almost unsal
able. . i
Cheese is steady, and prices fhow no further
change. "
Eggs continue firm, as the recent rains cut
down the receipts, and prices are again higher.
The demand la very s;ood.
: Receipts as reported by the. Dairy Exchange
were 31,500 pounds Butter, 597 cases California
Eggs, cases Eastern j Eggs, I860 pounds
California Cheese | and . pounds Eastern
Cheese. ¦ ¦• ¦¦" ,
BUTTER— fl '
Creamery— Extras, ioc; firsts, 18c; seconds,
17c •
Dairy— Extras. 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, 12c. . •
, ¦ Storage — Creamery extras, 19c; firsts, 17c; sec
ends, ; dairy extras, .
Pickle— 17c per In. ' ' ¦ -
Ke?-lSc per lb.
CHEESE— Fancy, full • cream. llHc: choice,
10c; common, nominal; Young •. Americas, 12c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16Vic per lb. :
EGGS—
California ranch— Selected white, 27c; mixed,
colors, 25c Der dozen. ¦ ;
¦ California gathered — Selected, 25c ; standard,
23c; seconds, . . ¦• . . .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, ;
second?, . ¦* ••_
Storage— California fancy. — — f standard. - — ;
Eastern fancy, 20c; standard, ; seconds.
Butter, Checstc and Eggs.
2.'#45c for River and '-.-. 85c@$l 10 per «tl for
Salinas and 75c@Jl for Oregon; Garnet Chiles
fiom Oregon,; 85@00c; Sweets, ¦ |1@1 05 ~ for
* ONION'S-ll S5@2 15 per ctl; Cut Onions, $1 25
©1 JO per ctl; ;
• VEGETABLES — Rhubarb, 8c; Asparagus,
from Sacramento, 15@3Oc per lb: Green Peas,
Efr 7c per lb; String bcani/ 12H®15c; Cabbage.
SCc; Tomatoes, Los Angeles, $1 25@2 per crate:
Egg Plant,; Los Angeles. 12^®15c per lb;
Creen - Peppers, Los Angeles, 10c per lb' for
Chile and 15c for Bell; Dried Peppers. 9@llc;
Dry Okra, • 10015c, per lb; Carrots, 25©35e per
box; Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 25*81 60 per doz;
Summer Squash, $2 per box;. Garlic, 4c per lb;
Marrowfat Squash, $l2@20 per ton; Mushrooms,
ilfdGc per lb. :
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of game were'140 sks. -The demand
v.as fair and prices showed little change.
Poultry continued depressed .and weak at
about the quotations that ruled at the close
ot last week. Supplies were ample for all
needs. Two cars of Eastern came in,' making
four thus far this week. -
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, KXgllc for Gob
blers and 11^ 13c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
13®15c: Geese, per pair, $1 75<32; Goslings, |1 7i
@2; Ducks, S4f/.*> for old and i>36 50 for young;
Hens. $3 50@5: Young Roosters. . U 50© 5; Old
Roosters, $3 50^4; Fryers. |4©4 50; -Broilers, %i®
< 50 for largf and I3Q3 50 for small; Pigeons,
? 1571 25 per dozen for old and $2 25©2 75 for
Squabs. . ¦ i '
GAME— Quail. 7Sc@Jl for Valley and J2 for
Mountain; Mallard. $3 {73 50; Canvasback. $3 500
3 60; Sprig, *3: Teal, Jl 50*?2 25; Widgeon. $150
@175;' Small Duck, $1@1 25; Black Jackal 50;
Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, $1®1 50; rirant,
»1 oixjil 75 for small and $2 for large; Honkers,
$3® 4 SO; English. Snipe. $2; Jack Snipe, $1 50;
Hare, Sligl 25; Rabbits, (1 25@1 00 for Cottontail
and fl for Brush*; Doves, 75c per dozen.
THE SA N FR ANCISCO, CALL, WEDNESDAY;; HTANXJAinr 23, 1901;
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
8. |M.|T. |W.|T. |P. | S.j
• I I| S I - • I 10 1 U t 13
—i — i — r — t — i — t —
>C2\Fun Moon. ¦
w January ?-
13 I 14 I 15 | 18 | 17 j 13 I 13 Ur Laat Quarter.
I j | i i i * ¦*^- January IX
n |xs 123 1 so i n
-jv Fimt Quarter
J^ January 27.
ptatio:
INS.
, Last | This I
|2I Hoursj Season.
I Last
Srason
Zureka
u-<s Biurr...
aeramento
*n Francl*
"resno
n<Jepen d er< ce
an I^uIf Ob!
xif Anjreles.
an I>i«-o...
_! !
...! 0.04 30.16 I
... 0.3J 11. IZ
... ©.a lJ.n
7.21
<-sa
...I Trac# 21.44
... .... 8.H
...! .... 3.19 I
I S3. 45
I 14.U
13.11
14.2S
6.13
2.09
12.50
4.57
I 2.60
8. |M.|T. |W.|T. |P. | S.j
• I I| S I - • I 10 1 U t 13
—i — i — r — t — i — t —
>C2\Fun Moon. ¦
w January ?-
13 I 14 I 15 | 18 | 17 j 13 I 13 Ur Laat Quarter.
I j | i i i * ¦*^- January IX
n |xs 123 1 so i n
-jv Fimt Quarter
J^ January 27.
ptatio:
INS.
, Last | This I
|2I Hoursj Season.
I Last
Srason
Zureka
u-<s Biurr...
aeramento
*n Francl*
"resno
n<Jepen d er< ce
an I^uIf Ob!
xif Anjreles.
an I>i«-o...
_! !
...! 0.04 30.16 I
... 0.3J 11. IZ
... ©.a lJ.n
7.21
<-sa
...I Trac# 21.44
... .... 8.H
...! .... 3.19 I
I S3. 45
I 14.U
13.11
14.2S
6.13
2.09
12.50
4.57
I 2.60
Gluett, Peabody & Co
Ani EVERTCU J. PEAB0DT,
cave this day been admitted as member* of
this firm.
Dated at Troy. Jf. T. 1st January, MOt; C
NOTICE
WALTER H. CLDBTT. ROBERT CLUETT, iTL.
GE0KOE AUaiS CLCETT. E. HAROLD CLCETT,
is hereby given thatHow It Goes in Detroit. >
Doris* the preest cold and grip fjson
i.hirty-t»ren thousand end elfht hundred boxes
c ? Laxative Brotao-Qulntae have been por
cfca»ed by the following wholesale drar houses
of Detroit: Mlchlcaa Drue Co. and Farrand.
vnniaox* A Clark. •
LATE SHIPPING ESTELLIGEirCE.
akriveo.; -
Tuesday, January S.-
Strar St Paul, Hays, ' 12 c&ys IS hours "from
.Panama. . - -¦. ¦¦ ~ ¦- . - ..,/. w . --.-_-¦. -¦
Tuc Samson. Stream. '. 5 days' from Portland,"
with barre Washtucaa In tow. •' "•-.¦;
Bar*e Washtacisa, Harrlm&n. 5 days from
l cr liana. .
OCHAX STEAMER. - -
LIZARIX-PasMHi Jan 21— Stmr ; Trave. from
for Southampton and < Bremen.
Colonel French is one of the most ear
nest workers of the Salvation Army, and
LIEUTENANT COLONEL
GEORGE FRENCH of the . Sal
vation Army arrived In this city
yesterday morning on the belated
overland from Chicago. He re
ceived a rousing welcome from his asso
ciates here, over whom he is " to . be in
command in place of Colonel Evans, who
has been transferred to Boston.
THE NEW LEADER OF THE
SALVATION ARMY. WHO SUC
CEEDS COLONEL EVANS.
Applies at Hospital for Shelter.
Mrs. F. Clark, with a five months old
chUfl. applied at the Receiving .Hospital
last rrfght for a. place In which to sleep.
6he said she cam* from Petaluma a few
<ia.rs ago in search of employment. She
secured a room in the Golden Gate Hotel
at S7S Kearny street, from which she was
evicted for running 50 cents behind In her
roeta rent. She had no money to secure
another rooai and was given a cot In the
hospital.
Departure', Receives Token
Father Cottle of St- Brigid's, Prior to
BELOVED PASTOR IS
PRESENTED WITH PURSE
From Parishioners.
The parishioners of St. BrigWs pre
sented to their pastor, the Reverend
Father Cottle. a purse of J2«» Iai<t night.
He Is about to enjoy a much needed rest,
and the money Is to defray the expenses
cf a trip to Europe and the Holy Land.
The presentation occurred at the paro
chial residence, and was made by J. J.
Burnett, who in a few pleasant words as
rured the departing paster of his congre
gation's love and esteem.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. Jan. 22.— The
House spent an hour to-day discussing
a "resolution extending sympathy ; to the
Filipinos, "in their heroic struggle for
freedom." . • ;; .
The resolution was amended so as to
include the Boers by a vote of, 53 to 34.
and was then adopted amid cheers.
Sword of Honor for De-wet.
BERLIN, Jan. 22.— A public collection Is
being made in Hamburg with a view of
presenting to General Dewet a sword of
honor and - providing relief for suffering
Boer women and children.
VOTE OF SYJIPATHY FOK
BOERS AND FILIPINOS
«"« *•'¦»¦''- TA2fX EXPLODES
"WITH TEBHIFTC FOECE
Baperiatsndent of Candle Works Just
Escapes Death and Employe's
Lee Is Broken.
Th* -inisihead blew out of a 100-g-aIlon
steel tar.k at the works of the San Fran
cisco C&r.dte and Glycerin Company, lo
cated at the corner of Rhode Island and
Alameda. streets, last Friday and Samuel
Peterson, superintendent of the company,
lies In bed at his home severely burned
about the head, legs and arms, and an
Italian, whose name could not be ascer
tained, sustained a fracture cf his rtgnt
leg. That Peterson was not killed is
sonsetiir-g to b« marveled at. as he was
blown clear cut of the phed under which
the rank was located and was picked up
ur conscious.
Th# steel tar.k originally contained
glycerin and had been returned empty
rrera cue of the powder works. It had
Jest b*en refilled with refined tar at a
temperature- of 600 dejrrees. Superintend
ent Peterson was standing close by direct-
Ing the oerations cf the workmen and
as soon ay the cap was screwed en the
expl'wlon occurred.
Peterson was hurled twenty feet, luckily
jrolng through the shed opening instead of
6j?ain£t a wall. He was taken to his
home, where Dr. T. B. Roche, who was
eursrnoned. dressed his burns. Peterson
will b* conir.ed to his home for seme time
to come.
The drumhead was sent hurtllnfl
through the air with terrific velocity and
struck an upright support - 4x4 inches
thick. The upright was snapped off and
struck the Italian, who was standing
rear, on the leg. snapping- the bone, and
be was aJso taken to his home, where he
Is now under medical treatment.
The San Franrisco Candle Company Is
owned ty Peter R. and William C. Wood
rsars. who have offices at 4C2 Front street.
It is hard to account for the explosion,
but it Is thought that perhap3 the powder
coa-.pa.ny last having the tank filled it
with Rltrorlycerin and that some of thl»
explosive remained In it when it was re
turned, forming a gas when mingling
with the hot tar.
NORMAL SCHOOL SITE
G3AJJTT -WAY BE TXLEGAI,
Under Supreme Court Decision Sn
pervisors Have No Power in the
Premises.
"When the ordinance granting the use of
the lot adjoining the Girls' High .School
to the State Normal School Trustees for
the erection of a normal school -building
comes up for final passage at next Mon
day's meeting of the board It will in all
likelihood meet with opposition on the
part of some of the members. Chief Clerk
Russell directs attention to a Superior
Court cecls!on regarding Hamilton
Square, which formerly embraced the
property proposed to be deeded away.
The court in July. 1S75. held in the. case
of Samuel McCuIloug-h vs. the Board of
Education that the resolution of the Board
of Supervisors assuming to authorize the
Board of Education to appropriate a por
tion of this square for the erection of a
schoolhouse thereon, though passed In due
form, was inoperative because the board
had no authority to grant a public square
for that purpose. It is claimed that the
deeding- away of the lot in question Is
illegal on that account.
ENTERESTS THE COAST.
Postal Changes.
Patents Granted, Pensions Issued and
WASHINGTON. Jan. 22.— Patents Is
sued to-day: California — William T. Bag
gett, San Francisco, alarm for guns;
same, alarm for hammerless guns; Han
cock Banning and F. C. Carey. Los Ange-"
les^ wave motor; Horace G. Dunston,
Santa Monica, automatic car coupling;
Edward Hanak. assignor to Union Scale
and Manufacturing Company. San Fran
cisco, automatic ¦weighing machine; John
J. Howard, Grass Valley, ladder; James
T. LJghtner, Red Bluff, sickle guide; Jo
seph E. Smyth. Pasadena, signature gath
erer;" John P.-Van Sickle, Pasadena, hose
nozzle; Dr. F. Oliver, Oakland, table.
Washington— August F. Baatx, Fair
haven, rotary engine; Joseph A.* Hughlett;
Blaine, machine for painting cans. '¦¦
Postoffice established: California—Re
ward, Inyo County, Henry C. Steele, Post
master.^ --- = ;-
Postmasters commissioned: California —
Alexander P. Merrill, Campbell; Jane E.
Loveland. Menlo Park; Claude A. Stuart,
Citrus; Ralph N. Hill, Oxnard; George L.
Merguire, Palo Alto; Joseph H. Dixon.
Newport Beach. " •
Oregon— Greenville Reed, Astoria; Ru
fus Waggener. Hlllsboro; Jeremiah M.
Patterson, The Dalles.
Washington— Velosco J. Knapp, Ana
cortes; George W. Richey. Port Stanley.
The Civil Service Commission announces
that a competitive examination will be
held February 27 for postoffice clerk. and
carrier for Santa Barbara.
Pensions Issued to-day: California —
Original— George W. Downing, Lompoc,
$6; Charles Mitchell. San Francisco. $6;
John P." Marsan. Point Arena. $8; Edgar
M. Prindle, Monrovia. $6; James Fox,
Oakland. *10: Henry Scherle, San Fran
cisco. $12. Increase— Joshua Peckham,
San Jose. J6; Samuel Norfolk. Los Ange
les, 117. War with Spain — Original— John
F. McCarthy. Mare Island. $17.
Oregon — Original — William Harrison,
Cottage Grove, $S; William S. Drake.
Portland. $8: R. L. Oliver., Dayville, $12;
Joshua Thompson. Burns. $12.
Washington — Original — Charles J. Clark.
Seattle. IS: John F. Dye, Chenowlth. $S;
Friend J. S. Bailey. Tacoma, $10; Oliver V.
Wallace. Wenatchee, $6r John Cooper.
South Bend, $8; Charles H. Dlx, Yakima
City.
'¦ Army orders: Acting Assistant Surgeon
Arthur W. Morse, now at OdeH. 111., to
San Francisco for assignment to duty:
Captain Alexander M. Davis, commissary
of subsistence, now at San Francisco, to
duty as assistant in the office of Major
General William H. Baldwin, purchasing
commissary at San Francisco.
FATAL DUEL IH AN
ABIZONA SAXOON
TUCSON". Ariz., Jan. 22.-Ex-Sheriff
Beeler of "Apache County shot and killed
Montis Slaughter and Injured Clare Peary
In a row at Sprlngerville. The ex-Sheriff
and Slaughter had been enemies for some
time and when they met a few days ago
they talked over their quarrel in a Joking
wa>v*but soon entered into a heated, argu
ment from which Slaughter retired, say
ing as he left the saloon where the men
met: '! -' . ¦ '..¦ ,
"I'll be back in a few minutes and I'll
fix you."
Beeler fixed himself before Slaughter re
turned by procuring a shotgun. "When
Slaughter returned to Sam Saffley's he
came In at the doer, raised his Win
chester and fired at Beeler. but missed,
whereupon Beeler seized his shotgun and
called out to . Peary, who was , standing
near the door. "Get out of the way, Peary.
I don't want to have to kill two men"
He then fired and Slaughter, who wa*
about to fire a second shot, fell dead
and some stray shot from the charge took
effect in Peary's side; making a painful
but not'dangerous wound, although had
It not been for the shot striking his six
shooter's handle there would have been
two dead men.
CHILD IS SLOWLY
CHOKED TO DEATH
Little Albert Dale Succumbs
After Nearly an Hour
of Agony.
BERKELET. Jan. 22.— Albert "William
Dale, the 5-year-oid aon of A. C. Dale oi
1323 Fifth street. Weat Berkeley. wa3
choked to death this morning: through get
ting the round top of a kerosene oil car*
stopper lodged In hJ3 windpipe. He died
after three-quarters of an hour of violent
coughing.
At M o'clock the child started down
stairs for hfs breakfast- He commenced
conghlng- and when he reached his mother
on the lower floor was in a state of con
vulsion. He was unable to sseak. Hl3
little sister said that he had swallowed
something, but In the absence of knowl
edge the mother was enable to render
any assistance. Medical aid was sum
moned, but the child was past all help.
The tin that caused the ehOd'3 death
was round and about the size of a half
dollar. It fitted perfectly. over the open
ing of the trachea and when removed by
the autopsy physician. Dr. J. B- Hoax
land, .was in. such a position as to pre
clude all afr from the luntrs.
During the convulsive movements of the
child, caused by violent coughing-, the tin
was forced ui> and down, thus admitting
a small auantity of air to the lungs. At
each Inward gasp the tin gradually
worked down, slowly smothering th*
child, until finally it fixed It3elf perfectly
over the trachea.
Dr. Hcagland performed the autopsy
this afternoon. He said : "When the child
first swallowed the tin had h© been taken
by the heels and shaken .Tlgorously he
would probably have been relieved of is.
His convulsions, however, had a tendency
to draw it down closer and firmer.** "
A. C. Dale, the father of the child. Is a
cigar-maker in San Francisco. The in
<ruest will be held to-morrow evening.
THE HAGUE. Jan. 22.— Mr. Kruger has
started for Utrecht, where he will pass
some weeks. : ,He was greeted by a crowd
at.thetrallroad. station and said he felt
very well on coming out for the Crst time,
since bis recent illness. .? t M ,.,;•,
Mr. Kruger Goes to XTtredit-
ROME,. Jan. 22.— In the Italian Senata
to-day the President announced that Slg
nor Verdi's condition was hopeless. The
House voted to convey to him, its best
wishes for h!s recovery.
MILAN. Jan. C2.— A bulletin Issued at a
p. m.. announced. that Verdi was growing
weaker, his pulse and respiration showing
frequent irregularities and his tempera
ture being feverish. Up to that hour
there 'was no modiacation of the paraly
sis." * ' : • ••'-."-,. ¦
Famous Composer Is Paralyzed and.
Slowly Approaching
Death.
VEBDFS CONDITION
. CONSIDERED HOPELESS
IS THE AFFINITY
OF ELOPER READE
Young Mrs. Allen Declares
That a Spiritual Bond
Unites Them. *
"Marriage is only a man-made affair."
argued Mrs. Allen. "The union of souls
is another consideration far removed from
the civil laws which only bind in the eye*
of the world, 'we are united by a strong
er bond. It is that of a spiritual affinity,
which means infinitely more than 1 the
marriage by man. I shall not recognize
the man who calls me. wife, for that is a
mere word which carries - nothing truly
celestial with it." s . , . .
In that strain did the -young wife try
to combat the earnest efforts of the police
officials to Induce her to part- from the
man who had Inveigled her away.- - •
Allen Is nearly distracted by the pecu
liar * attitude his wife has assumed. He
has nothing but pity and sorrow for her.
But he feels that the man be has accused
lured his spouse away and gained an ad
vantage over her? by a studied line of mis
representation and deceit. ~
"Reade told my wife I had mortgaged
all of our belongings and was "spending
the money recklesaly," said Allen.' "He
made all sorts of. statements about me
and by that sort of action slowly gained
his evil influence over her, sick as sns
was. She need not come back to me. All
I ask now is that ' she go to her parents
and her brothers, who will try to shield
her as much as possible."- -
Allen Is awaiting the certified copy of
his -marriage certificate "for. use in the
prosecution of Reade should attempt, be
made to deny, the legal- union, Reade was
in the Police Court- to-day .for arraign
ment, but upon request of his counsel a
continuance of a day ¦ was granted.
Reade" s bail is fixed at 1500 cash. He has
telegraphed to his banker' at Winnipeg
for money. The prisoner refuses to make
any, explanations. ¦- ¦ • -
To Chief cf Police Hodgkins, who has
taken a kindly interest in the case be
cause of the young wife's, evident physi
cal and mental state, Mrs. Allen boldly
announced her intention to remain in
Oakland until the ' prosecution of Reade
was ended. '"'-J-H' . •
Such was the^ reply the husband was
given this morning when he made his sec
ond appeal to the wretched woman to
leave the man. he 'had imprisoned. .
"If you try to force me to return, hoxre
I shall end my life. I have the means at
hand and will very soon end all of this
unless I am unmolested."
The woman has flatly and energetically
repulsed every advance . of her.v grief
stricken husband to send her back to her
aged parents in Canada. * • "- ¦
The police are in a quandary over th*
case of Mrs." Lucy Allen, who-eloped from
her; Canadian , home* with, Charles 'M.
Reade. The young woman is a. physical
wreck and her astonishing -attitude to
ward Reade and her husband lead to the
suspicion that her. mind is . faffing. ' "With
an earnestness -that -is strangely out' of
keeping with the exposure/of her ahan-"
dOnment of home, husband and family
ties, she pleads justification upon the plea
that a spiritual affinity exists between
herself and her rough uncouth appearins
partner in the elopement. - - -
Oakland Office San Francisco Can,
1113 Broadway, Jan- 22. ;
MATTHEW RETIXY'S BODY IN
ITS l IJLST- RESTING PLACE
Funeral One of the Xaxgest Ever
Seen In the City of San ? . :
: 'Eafaei. '?r?CT:
SAN -RAFAEL. Jan. 22.— One of the
largest funerals ever - s4en in this dtystooJe
place to-day when " ihe remains , of Mat
thew Reifly were borne to their last rest
ing place to the Catholic Cemetery, sev
eral miles north of here. Company D.
N.-G.C: turned out in nearly full forca
under command . of Captain Cheda and
with muffled drums led the funeral prs
cessian to the church." Members of the
company, in uniform, acted as pall-bearef a.
At the cemetery the firing- -squad, in
charge - of • Corporal v Archer, discharged
three volleys at the close of the ceremo
nies. 4 At the Catholic church In this city,
where the services were held, there was
hardly, standing, room. . Rev,, Father Ea
gan preached the • funeral sermon and
touchingly dwelt _upcu the upright, .llfo
and manly qualities of .the deceased. . The
funeral procession to the cemetery ; was
more than a'mUe-in -length. *. - -' • - -•-
"W. FV "Warburton. who shot Rellly last
Saturday night, is still in jail, with no
date set for his preliminary hearing. A3
yet it is not known that he has secured
counsel to defend him." - t« . •¦-
, ¦ --, - — ; — • « .-¦ --.- - -•-•*
Stanford Is Challenged.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 22.— A
letter from " the -University of Xebraska
containing a . challenge to an annual de
bate between Stanford and ; that Institu
tion has been received. A meeting to con
sider, the advisability of such a debate wMI
be held next week, when the matter will
be definitely decided.
The license of Captain Jolin Bash as
master and pilot was Pi.sj>eri<Jed yesterday
2or tl".e period of twetT* months by Cap
tains Bolles and Bulper, United States
local inspectors of steara. vessels, -who
adjudfred him gnilty of urjskillfu'ness and
r.eg-IIg-enc* In handling- the steamship
Iaqtia when she went upon Ehixbury Reef
en the evening- of January 4. In passing
2-figment the inspectors said:
After careful consideration of the evidence
we are cf th€ opinion that Captain Jotn Dash
was unskillful aa-l negligent in r-avigatlr-g tfc*
Iaqua on the night of January 4: Kim — In
leavuvg the bridge 'a ehanr* of th-* second
mate with the ve*5el so near the land and
weather dark and rainy arid the w!n-I b'.ow
!ryt «trc=* from the southwest when it was
his duty as master to have remained on the
ttriig* until th« vwsel was well out from the
land, clear cf ai! darg-er.
S^c«;4— la not confirm!!^ the position nt the
rtstel tT tailr.* be»»-iTig« off Point BcsitA
Ufcht it iras visible.
Thini — la £i*.owtn< tfc« rte*.mer «o long na j
ter £rst course with tiie wind and sea oa h^r
port be*n b*:ror* charrt&g her course to south
vari ar.d eei-*&r<l. Had Caftaia Bash used
the lead at th* time he change<l his course
\iy west three-<5aarter« »outh he would have
Clgccveiefl tiiat bt» vessel was In letp inter
than ehe should have beea in if she was in
fcer proper position. *r.d bad be charged her
coarse to west ejuttwest magnetic when tbe
T-ee»el tad run three cUle« on her first course
from Poini Bonita eiie would have cleared the
four-£athota bank three-quarters of a mile
and. Dexburr Reef two miles and not been la
l«sa than r.lne Jathcnn of water.
for Grounding the Ship
Iaqua.
His License Taken Away
CAPTAIN BASH
IS SUSPENDED
PRISONER, BARKER IS "
AWABDED HIS LIBEHTY.
Supreme Court Holds That He "Was
Sufficiently Punished for Com
mitting a Crime.
Harry Barker, a resident of this city,
•who was convicted of grand larceny and
sentenced to twenty-five years' imprison
ment in the State prison at Folsom. was
ordered released from the penal institu
tion yesterday by the Supreme Court.
Barker, handcuffed and in charge of
Warden Wilkinson, was brought before
the appellate court yesterday on a writ
of habeas corpus filed by Attorney N. S.
Wire. Thf writ recited that Barker had
been convicted on November 25. 1S93. of
grand larceny and sentenced to twenty
five years' imprisonment, and that the
sentence was excessive, as the maximum
penalty for the crime of prand larceny is
fixed by the statutes of this State at ten
years. As there was no prior conviction
against the prisoner and as he had served
seven years and was allowed three years
for credits for good conduct Barker was
improperly held. The court was of this
opinion ar.d ordered his discharge.
As the manacles were taken off Barker
and he feit that he was free to face the
world he pave no indication of joy or
gratitude. He simply asked Warden Wil
kinson for the suit of clothes and the So
that !s Riven every prisoner upon his dis
charge from the prison.
Missing Wife and Her Com:
panion Go to Jail at
Point Richmond.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1115 Broadway, Jan. 22.'
Upon the accusation of M. R. Hubbard
of the Truckee. Republican, C. A. Cox. a
building contractor, »nd Huhbard's wife
were arrested to-night at Point Richmond
by Sheriff Veale of Contra Costa County
and taken to Martinez to answer charges
of adultery and larceny. : The arrests form
a climax to a story of desertion and elope
ment, much of which is yet wrapped in a
cloud of mystery- v« - -
The wife was Luella Hoyt. daughter- of
former State Senator Hoyt, then of Val
lejo. now a resident of Benicia. The at
tachment between Cox and. the woman,
according to Hubbard's story, sprang up
within a year and a half after the news
paper man made her his bride at Yallejo
in 1SSS. ¦ .... ....
The charge of theft Is based upon Mrs.
Hubbard's alleged purloining of her sis
ter'* «vatch when she disappeared . from
Vallejo. Cox is said to have abandoned a
wife and child at that time. :
As the accusing husband's story runs,
he and his wife lived happily for a. year
or so after their marriage. Shortly after
the death of their baby daughter Mrs.
Hubbard seemed for a time to have suf
fered mental aberration through grief, but
this condition began to pass away. Hub
bard soon afterward went to Truckee and
plans were laid for his wife to follow as
soon as he was settled.
About that time, declares Hubbard. Cox
appeared at Vallejo, accompanied by a
wife, and child in a company outfit. He
pitched his caravan in a vacant lot ad
joining the • Hoyt residence, where Mrs.
Hubbard was staying. Cox manufactured
chowchow. peddling It about town. ,
One day Hubbard received word from
the Hoyts that Mrs. Hubbard had sud
denly left, and Cox had also disappeared.
For twenty-one months neither the hus
band nor the family heard from the miss
ing wife. A few weeks ago the Truckee
ite was astounded to receive a letter from
his i spouse, dated Point Richmond, an
nouncing that she was ready to return to
him. In reply he addressed letters in. her
own name, but they were uncalled for-
None in Point Richmond knew that the
woman who had been Introduced, for., a
year as Mrs. C. A. Cox was the' erring
wife. Hubbard knew nothing of the truth
until, falling: to receive an answer, • he
came to Point Richmond to Investigate.
Then the situation was revealed. ~
With considerable effort Hubbard re
strained himself from taking the law Into
his. own* hands, and appealed to the Dis
trict Attorney at Martinez. The warrants
were issued by Judge W. Lindsey at San
Pablo. Bail was fixed at JIOOO for Cox and
$300 for Mrs. Hubbard. Neither will talk
about the charges. Cox and his compan
ion went to Point Richmond last August
from Bakersfleld. as far as can be learned.
Hubbard has yet to learn what became of
his wife during the Interim between her
departure from Vallejo and her arrival in
Point Richmond. . ' . •. :f;
JUDGING from the plans the new
office building which the Pacific
Telephone and Telegraph Conapany
Is about to commence the construc
tion of on New Montgomery street,
between Minna and Natoma streets, will
be, an imposing -and magnificent addition
to the architectural creations of this city.
It will be a four-story steel building, built
o-i-t-M-:--:-i-:-i-:' r-i' m-i-m m-i :¦: : :
HUSBAND CHARGES
PAIR OF ELOPERS
foundation that It may be added to when
ever the company needs more room.
The buildinjr will front upon New Mont- "
gomery street and will be 160 feet Ion?
and 150 feet wide. Adjoining the main
building a three-story factory will be
built. The plans were drawn by A. A. ¦
Cantin --of the- company's engineering: de
partment.- and the construction will be :
under the supervision of A. J. Stefss. also
of that department. ¦ ? *'
in the French renaissance style, which ad
mits of a delicate and beautiful finish and
yet is noted'' for strength and durability.
When completed It will have" cost 523O.C0O.
will be entirely fireproof and equipped
with all the modem improvements and
conveniences. . Besides steel the materials
used in construction will be sandstone and
buff brick. Although only four stories in
height it will rest on such a substantial
THE PROPOSED NEW " HOME OF THE PACIFIC TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAPH COMPANY. CONSTP.tTCTION
OF WHICH WILL. BE . COMMENCED SHORTLY. THE BUILDING WILL. BE IN THE FRENCH RENAIS
SANCE STYLE AND FOUR STORIES IN HEIGHT. "
BERKELET. Jan. 22.— The Cnfrcr
fity of California representatives,
who will meet with Stanford in
the annual debating contest for
the Caract medal, were chosen
last right. They made the team after a
clcsely contested debate with fellow stu
dents in Stiles Hall.
Tliose selected were: W. B. Greeley '01.
Leon E. Martin 'C3 and Jesse H. Stein
fcsxt 'Cl. with Ralph Pierce '01 as substi
tute. Ralph Fisher, president of the asso
ciated student body, ti-as chairman cf the
evening. The folloVlng were judges: Prc
fessor Edward Bull Clapp. Professor T.
W. Page and Professor Elmer E. Brown.
Those who took part in the finals were:
Affirmative— Archie Ruhart '01. L. F Afar
tin '02. J. H. Steinhart f CL C. C. Haines
"02, Ralph Pierce '€1: negative — J. J. t;p
pinger <<2, W. B. Greeley '01. Walter
Rothchild C2. Herbert Rothchild '02. The
debate \ra« on the subject chosen for the
Carnot. "Resolved. That the French ad
ministrative l*w is incompatible with the
spirit of a democratic republic."
Greeley has had a wider experience as
a speaker than any of those chosen. He
made his freshman and sophomore teams.
was in the intercollegiate debate and a
member of last year's Carnot team.
Steinhart commenced his career as a
the members of the organization hold him
in- the greatest regard. - --
The new commander of the Salvation
Army in this city Is 3S years old. He was
born in Bristol. England. In 1881 he left
commercial pursuits to join the ranks of
General" Booth. »" ; " "
From a cadet French rose through suc
cessive grades until he was given the ap
pointment of majdr. being - placed in
charge of the salvation * work in many of
the large English cities. In 1SS3 ¦ French
was sent to Holland to take charge of the
•work among the Dutch people.* Twenty
societies had been established In Holland
previous to French arriving in that coun
try, and In three years he increased ¦ the
number to fifty-two. In Amsterdam he
followed the scheme of . helping the poor
as outlined in*General Booth's "Darkest
England," and his work was highly suc
cessful.
Returning to England in 1831. French
was sent to America by General Booth
with the rank of brigadier. He took
charge of the salvation work In the
Southern States, with headquarters in
Baltimore. He was then sent to the Mid
dle West and established branches of th«»
army In Nebraska. Dakota, Iowa. Mis
souri and Colorado, making? the city of
St.LouIshis headquarters.- ¦'.,;
From the Middle West French was sent
to take charge of .the'army . In. Chicago,
and in that city he won the" respect and
admiration of all, with whom- he came in.
contact.- From Chicago French was sent
to- the Great Northwest.' and recently
General Booth decided to place him In
control In San Francisco, giving him the
rank of lieutenant' colonel. . ' - *
The new commanding-' officer Is a * man
°i, al 5* ble and Pleasing address, and.' like
all officials of the Salvation Army. Is de
voted to his work, v »
He ls'a married man, having four chil
dren. Mrs. French Is; on a visit to Eng
land and -will arrive here shortly. , '*
Lieutenant Colonel George French,
Late of Chicago, Assumes
Local LfOrnrnsnu.
The vaudeville performance given last
evening at Native Sons' Hall in aid of the
Francesca Training School, which is con
nected with St. Ignatius Church, attract
ed a throng which filled the auditorium
of the building and a complete financial
and artistic success was achieved by
those who took part in the worthy movt
ment. •
The training school was established two
years ago and forms a branch of the St.
Ignatius Relief Society, of which Mra
Andrew Walsh is the president. The
i Jesuit Fathers of St. Ignatius were in
strumental in securing the aid of a num
ber of influential ladles qf the parish 1n
establishing the training school and to
day 250 boys and girls are. being tought
domestic and manual knowledge. "
The entertainment given last night 'wa=
under the direction of Alfred McKtnnon.
while Mrs. Andrew Walsh, Miss M. MeT
iis and Miss L. McKinnon were the prin
cipal movers in arranging for the bene
fit. The programme was a pleasing otae
and talent of a high order was displayed
by the ladies and gentlemen who ap-
I peared. t
\ St. Ignatius quartet rendered a number
[Of concerted songs and Miss - lone Mc-
Clouth earned applause by her rendition
of Scotch ballads. The Impersonations of
George Hammersmith were provocative of
hearty laughter and W. J. O'Brien artis
tically sang a number of tenor solos.
Thomas Hickey recited a popular "elec
tion and Mrs. Frederick Toungberg was
chic as "The Girl from Paris." Burr
I Caruth recited "The Hippodrome Race"
with telling effect, and Oscar Frank as
"The Bowery Boy" was seen at his best
"Doc" Sieberst gave some of his well
known German impersonations and the
Misses Montgomery were compelled to re
epond with many encores after they had
: sung two "ragtime songs." The pro
gramme closed with a dramatic sketch en
titled "A Pair of Lunatics." in which Al
fred McKinnon and Miss May Sullivan ap
peared. A selected orchestra was under I
the direction of Maurice S. Kramer an,l |
| in addition to the accompaniments played
• a " umber ot popular selections. I William
Ogflvie was In charge of the stage and
Julian Thorn and Noble Eaton acted as
I property master and electrician respec
| tively.
SALVATION ARMY'S NEW
LEADER ARRIVES HERE
Graham Slakes Slight Gain.
Six precincts were counted last night in
the Graham-Daingerfteld contest, giving
the former eight votes, a total of seven
teen for the day. Daingerfield now leads
by thirty-two votes.
Entertainment Given in Aid
of Francesca Training
School.
debater in the Lowell High School in San
Francisco. He has been an active mem
ber of the Students' Congress since enter
ing college and filled the office of presi
dent one term. He was also on one of
the intercollegiate teams.
L. E. Martin was one of the speakers
from the Berkeley High School In the
contest with Oakland in 1SSS. He has
taken an active part in college debating
societies.
The Carnot debate will be held at Palo
Alto, Friday evening. February S. Two of
the Stanford speakers. Marrack and Eng
lish, -were on the Carnot team last year.
Morris, the other Stanford representative!
is a new man.
SIIG AND DANCE
FOR GOOD CAUSE
TEAM THAT WILL REPRESENT THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA IN THE CONTEST WITH STANFORD
MEN' AT PALO ALTO FOR THE CARNOT MEDAL. THOSE WHO MADE .THE CALIFORNIA TEAM ARE
WELL KNOWN FOR THEIR FORENSIC ABILITT.
The Rev. Willism Bader So Advises
. Young Men in Talk on ""Uncle
Sam 1 and Common
¦¦•¦¦¦¦¦. - People." •
The Rev. William Rader delivered an
address last evening ai, the Turk-rstreet
Temple before a large audience, thei sub
ject of his discourse being "Uncle Sam.
or the Reign of the Common People."
The sneaker in opening his address
said: "It Is the duty of every, man to
take part in politics, because- he is one
of the people and the people represent the
government. While a popular government
may not always be a righteous one, yet
it becomes such because there is the ca
pacity for self-government In the hands
of the people. The Government of\ Uncle
Sam will always remain safe because its
foundation rests with the common people
who know how to think and act. It is
the duty of every man to have a home,
for a man without a home is a man
without a country. Every man in Amer
ica is as good as his home and no bet
ter. The home reflects the true character
of the man- and the homes of a country
are its bulwarks."
The speaker dwelt on the influence of
the New England homes, and said that
Uncle Sam would never have been able
to accomplish anything if it had not been
for his wives— the wpmen of America.
The "new woman" was - ridiculed by the
'speaker, and so was the "woman of fash
ion." who had no thoughts beyond those
of dress, feathers and hats, he said.
'•Rather than marry a woman of fash
ion." said the Rev. Mr. Rader. "a young
man would better buy a sawdust doll and
take it home."
The religious views of the community
were dwelt on by the Rev. Mr. Rader,
who nleaded for common sense . in all
thoughts and deeds. The common people
were the mainstay of the country, and
America had produced distinct types in
politic*, the army and navy, science, pro
fessions and commerce. The greatest
men of the country had come from the
common people. When the people were
roused in America the whole world knew
of it. and recently Uncle Sam had risen' in
his might and avenged a wrong by sweep-
Ing the last vestige of Spanish rule from
the western hemisphere. It would be a
great thing if Uncle Sam would again rise
in his prowess and sweep away many
wrongs which exist in the country to-day.
The rulers of thl3 country constitute
"Uncle Sam." and he is the common peo
ple. There is no place fora King of any
kind in this country, and ev^j-y . boss in
Federal, State or municipal government
should be kicked out.
The address of the Rev. Mr. Rader pro
voked hearty applause at times, and at
its close a vote of thanks was passed to
the lecturer.
Better Buy and Live With
Them Than Marry Sc
ciety Women.
PASTOR PREFERS
SAWDUST DOLLS
AN IMPOSING STRUCTURE
FOR TELEPHONE COMPANY
Will'ppcupya Site on New Montgomery Street, Near Mission, and
Will Be Four Stories in Height— Gost Is Estimated at $25O,
000 and VWork Is to Be Commenced Immediately.
Greeley, Martin and Steinhart "With Pierce as Substitute Ready
to Meet Stanford's Team at Palo Alto in the
Contest for Forensic Honors.
STUDENTS OF CALIFORNIA
CHOOSE CARNOT DEBATERS
TttE SAN FRANCISCO CALt/ WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1901. /^
11
, ¦ . ¦ >. . .¦
APVEKTISETVi KNTM.
SENT FREE TO MEN !
A Host Remarkabla Remedy That
- Quickly E estop e3 Lost VI 20?
. ... to Men. -3^^
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free, trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy. are belnc mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institnt*.
They enred ¦ so many men who had bat-
tled* for years against the. mental and
physical snfferlBfr of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distrlbnte fre«
trial package? to ail who write. It Is "a
home treatment, and all men who suffer,
from any- form of sexual weakness result-".
Ing from youthful folly, premature loss cS
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele> or emaciation of parts can now euro
themselTes at borne.
The remedy has -a peculiarly graters!
effect of warmth and seems to act direct:
to t the desired location, gtrtng strength '
and development Just where it Is needed.
It cores all the. Ills and troubles that com* 1
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success la
all cases. A request to tb« State Medical
Institute. -33 Electron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desire cn»
of- their free trial packages., will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute Is de-
sirous of reacairg that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed and the free sample will enable them
to 'see how easy it Is to be cured of sex-
cal , weakness when the "proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that t:s recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers are requited to writ* wlta«
oat delay.
| Protect Yourself Against Substitution 8
5 B y ALWAYS US1NQ the "FULL NAME," * * •
? xEiinjratii J&sios |
j Read this testimonial from Professor W. H. Mays, M. D. t ¦ J
V " For m * nr ye * rs Ila«r«ir(l(dHmT«*lJ»B'o» as a most efficient Aperient Water. :ff i
* : easy of administration and. prompt and reliable la lUaeUo'iu" For Constipation in those "1
P ¦ of eedentary habit or billoui temperament I can find nothing better." : V. H.' Maysj #>
?JT. D-, Professor of Gj-n«cology at tfle San Francf«co Polrclinic. Post Graduate Medical ' jf
' Department,^ UEiTerstty of California," 0837/.' : * v T
J For Constipation or Stomach Disorder, §
5 i'HUNYADI-JANOS" HAS NO EQUAL. 5THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1901.
12
JAPANESE. House Cleaning Co., estab. IS30;
removed to 419 Devlsadero St.. tel. Fell 136.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF RAYMOND; teaches hypnotism * mstg-
netlc healing for to; five lessons. 997 Market.
LOST AXO KOUXD.
LOST— Light brown cocker spaniel; reward.
' 11S0 O'Farrell st. '
LOST — Black cocker spaniel dog; tag No. 3637.
Reward at SCO Minnesota st.
Wanted— Old gold- for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. US O'FarrvIl. bet. Powell and Maaon.
OLD gold, silver, dlamo'ids and precious stones
bought. J. R. JKNKEU 817 Market st.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia «t.
CLASSIFIED advertisements anrt sub-enptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
3IATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
MATTRESSES~ANlT PILLOWS, tel. South 792.
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; fine up-
holstery: esnert carpet -cleaning and laying.
IIOPKE BROS.. 318 and 320 Eleventh st.
.'MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 101S Market,
opp. Eth: world-renowned' ladies" specialist;
safe, reliable: practiced In San Frar.c'.aco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. ' After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. S97 Market St.. cor. Sixth-
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
$5; positive cure guaranteed: when others fall^
consult free. • MRS. DR. KOHU
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007% Market, expert on dis-
eases of women: 15 years' practice In S. F., a
cure guaranteed; J5 at offlce; have cured thou-
sands of cases: unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs/
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
offlce. T3; any aliment: home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Po«t St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market-Ladies'
specialists: 32 >ear»' practice: positive cure
guaranteed: ladies treated can return same
«lay : HINDOO HERB home enre: stamp*, clr.
DR. POPPER, MRS. DR. LA TOUR, ladies'
specialists; new process: sure cure: no medl-
ctne;every woman her own physldan.S23Kearny-
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladies' spe-
eiallst: cafe and sure cure, $5: best care; low
fees: when all ethers fall consult free.
MP.S. DR. OWYER. ladies' specialist; home
. for patients. 504 Kddy St.
DR. NO TOYKEE cures .ll«ea?e by_herbt>:
MINES AND MINING.
LEARN something this week about Montezuma
copper: we'll give you Information. AMER-
ICAN GUARANTEE & TRUST CO., selling
agents, 310 Safe Deposit building. S. F.
FOR sale— Gold mine? on mother lode- vein seven
feet wide: true fissure; finest prospect for
mine In tha State. Address. box 13S5. Call.
ONE-QUARTER interest In 5 placer claims
(Trinity County) for *7r<>; money to go for
equipment, etc. Box 13S4. Call offlce.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
EOILERS. engines. M-nand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
¦we can shlr> everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1C17. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
1 above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for $j down and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
Bt. : rental", new machines. $3 per month.
A— BUYS." sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 216 Spear St. ."^v^
i SALOON and fixtures; Georgia st.. In Vallejo:
rare chance: party- changing business.; no-
agents. St. Germain Billiard Co.. 409 Market.
A BRAND-NEW sealskin Jacket for $111; cost
crlginally..$2fO. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery St.. sell
at low figures all makes 2rf-hand typewriters.
FOR SALE— A good mastiff watchdog. Ad-
j dress C. P. CHKISTENSEN. Santa Rosa. Cal.
GASOLINE engines, new A- 2<1 hand; all sizes;
j cheap; guaranteed. NEWELL. 5S Bluxome.
' A— 20-TON Howe, wneon scale: compound
beam. Apply at 218 California ot. ¦ ' -
NINE weeks' old cocker pups; black and red;
champion stock. ROBINSON. 1823 Turk at.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern enelnes and
boilers bought ana sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
1 ONE *V* h. p. Hercules; 1 4 h. p. Hicks gaso-
i line er.glr.e: good order: bargain. 634 Mission.
I 2D-HA.NP steam, gas. oil. water and »Ir ma-
chinery bought ami sold. White. 516 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, hollers; Iron and wood
j planers, lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Eeale.
j PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
1 bought, sold, exchanged. 1<"9 Montgomery st.
SAFER— N»w and second-hand. THE HER- i
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
! MAGIC lanterns, new ami 2<1-hand moving
|. pictures. DULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
1 SAFES— New end ?»cond hand; all sizes. THE
I WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
¦
»IISCEI.I.ANKOi:S WANTS. [
BOWS- and arrows. Woman's Archery Cluh. I
University of California. Box 2077. Call of-
fice-. Oakland.
A— KLEIN pnrs b«?t price for clothing, bric-a-
brac, old gold. 103 Sixth st. : phone Jessie 141.
LADIES' and gents' cast-oft clothing bought *
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 11JL
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
AYHlTF.Ttr.AD. 17T> Market st.
.MO.SKV 'ill LOAN.
AA — BEST rates and easiest terms.
- Second Mortgages
' Interest In Estates
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 63ft Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture. . pianos, ' etc. ; do
! : net borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
anil you will be better satisfied; no delay; -no
¦ publicity. Rooms 9 nnd 10. 9C6 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies - bought r no de-
lay; pet my terms before rtolnar business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. C» Montgomery, r. .1
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first.
, seconfl mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st P.oor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HJOHLY- respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
>e*t rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. X46 Market
Ft: tel. Main 1G44. Branch 19 Third st.
A— JSOO.000 ON city ami country real estate and
estates: chattel mortgares; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWXSTONE.' 11 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party i no removal: no commission;- conflden-
tiaU- 'Rocm 3. Conservatory bldg:.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable plaiv to borrow on diamonds,
vatchen. Jewelry. W. J. IIESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
h'ghest price for eld gold; -stiver, diamonds.
ON furniture. pianos;, no removal; money
qu!ck: lowest Interest: easy t»rms; no broker-
age: r»lla hie party. ,1170 Market st.. room 6S.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 4 1. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$lf)0.C00:TO loan on real estat* or for, building;
_ low rate. Home Bldsr. Co..- 222 Sar.sorae. rm. 2.
LOANS. 1st or 2tl mtgs; cltv. country: 6?J: undi-
vltfeil lnts. restates. HARPER. T>7 Farrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 3^6 Parrott build-
ing: men can secure loans on personal not»iL
CASH ' loane<1 ' nn '. salaries: < New -York plan.
THE TOiTSLEY; CO.. 32^ Parrott bldg.
MONEY t.. Iran on furniture by private party;
low ; r»te.. 917, Market st.: room I.--..' . \
CASH -loaned I to salaried peonle on note without
Indorser.'-, MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people ¦¦without .collateral ; or • In-
n>r«»r. P.-F. Dlwonnt Ag«*ncv.-l-» Phelpn Mg.
MO>EY WANTED.
WANTED— To borrow $.>0CO for 5 years at 7
_ r«*r cent: first-class mortgage security. J. M.'
¦TOHNgQX. £3 Third St.: phone Retl 31.
MUSICAL INSTHUMEXTS.
THE Zeno Mauval* Music Co.. 763 Market st..
are" offering the best bargains In' pianos that
are to be found In this city. They offer flne
Decker & Son. Packard, Baumelster. Straubc.
Gllmore. or Arlington, at 'lowest price* and
allow you to pay in small Installments If you
prefer.. Any. piano, sold will be taken In n-
: change 'for a IV>cker at any time. . Second-
- hand Instruments at special bargains always
"• nn hand.' ' ' : . • . ¦ • .
'ABSOLUTELY, the oldest ' and la'-irest house
west of Chicago Is KOIILER & CHASE'S 2A.
., 2$:and SO O'Farrell st.; -pianos, organs and
all *other : musical Instruments of all grades
¦ «nd prices: terms easy; orlces lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
EMpioYMKST WANTED— MALE. ;
AN experienced ot< y and restaurant man: reli-
able and steady; /flrst-class cook or steward;
of Australia and America; open for
situation. Box 1301. Call. -..<¦'
WANTEDr-Position as salesman and bookkeep-
er In gen. indse. store In country by. reliahle
American,* single; 30 yrs. age; 12 yrs. expen-
ence; good refs. Address L. F.. box 1223. Call.
SOBER, steady, middle-aged man wants' posi-
tion as dishwasher or kitchen hand in small
hotel or restaurant. Address box 1299. Call.
FIRST-CLASS all-round blacksmith/ and- horse-
. ehoer wants employment. Address Ills How-
ard St. , • '
COOK— Situation wanted by a first-class cook
in private family or private boarding house;
city or out; references from last place. Box
13?6, Call offlce. . - - ¦'-.-¦ • ¦ . ¦ .
RELIABLE Industrious gardener wants posi-
tion- as coachman: can milk: general work;
private place; references: city or country.
Box 1252. Call offlce. - '
GENTLEMAN; 28 years; speaks German, Eng-
lish, French; wishes position- as cashier or
chief clerk j references given. Dot 12<9. Call.
MARRIED man wants work of sow* *lnd at
living wages; good engineer or CArer. Ad-
dress II. H. B., 2&CS Laguna st.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class German
gardener; propagator »¦— * can take care
of horses. Address Car** . box 126S. Call.
SITUATION wanted as coachman by a first-
class man: best of references. Address bcx
2C7C. Call offlce. Oakland.'
JAPANESE young, honest boy who understands
English wants a situation as a schoolboy In
city. Box 12S7. Call. . -.
ENGINEER wants situation to run gasoline en-
gine. Box 1303, Call.
STOUT young man wishes work of any kind.
Address NORMAN McCLEOD. 1043 Market st.
CLA-SSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Cnll branch offlce. 2200 Filmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS- and private parties wishing to have
j their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 241 Stevenson st.
FINANCIAL. V.
TO CAPITALISTS— A $60,000 interest for saTe
in a well-known and prosperous business In
this city; an opportunity for establishing a
son 'in one of the' largest concerns of the
State. Apply to McAFEE BROS., 108 Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco.
FLATS TO LET.
TO let — New flats on Buchanan st., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.; 6 and 6
rooms and bath: all the latest Improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO... 14 Montgomery.
TO iet— Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1002
McAIHrter st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st. '
BUSH. 1209H— Flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. Apply
1213 Bush et., basement, up garden.
NEW flat, 4 large sunny rooms; water free. 22
Humner st., oft Howard, near Eighth.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
SACRAMENTO. 1365— Two bay-window flats of
three -oorns; gas: rent $7 and $12 50.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FOR SALE OR .EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange for San Francisco or
Oakland property — 20 acres near Applegate,
Tlaeer County; highly Improved and In per-
fect condition; entirely. fenced; complete Irri-
gation system: new modern villa. 6 rooms
and bath: barn, horses, cows. Implements,
rtc: must fce sold at once ' on account of
death of owner and impossibility of properly
caring for property. HERON & HOLCOMB.
1CC0 Broadway. Oakland.
FDRXITURE FOR SALE.
INSTALLMENT plan or cash: furnished fiat:
rent $30; everything new and elegant: 7
rooms and bath. Inquire- room 128, 1236 Mar-
ket st.. 9 to 10 a. m. or 12 to 1:30 p. m.
FINE 5-room flat, completely furnished: two
bedroom sets; good furniture and carpets.
Call 11 to 3, no dealers, 1411 Mason st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak S4S 40. with No. /
rarse. Kins; Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED."
Auctioneer— ;L. Vincent. 1303 Larkln: tel.Polk 694;
furniture & fnrn'd houses bought; epot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
t-tc. Fee W. E. Cody. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3.1.3.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpeu,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 7G1.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays hlgh-at
price for second-hand furnltUTe; tel. Red 1354.
HELP AV ANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'R.... Phone Grant 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
1ft waitresses fcr a firsl-clafs hotel, I*os Ange-
les, $25; half-fare fife.. v
7 more waitresses, Pasadena, one-half fare
free
Waitresses, Arizona, free fare
2 waitresses, Fresno, -fare advanced
2 waitrersas. 1 chambermaid to wait, San
Diego, fare raid
17 waitresses, for dlfftrent commercial hotels,
country; 10 waltressea. city hotels. T29
Head waitress an:l 2 waitresses, same hotel,
$30 and $20; 2 head waitresses, I2j
' 4 chamber-male's to v.alt, $20 .•
C chambermaids, straight work. $17 50 and $1S;
restaurant waitress, $5 a week
Scrubber, institution. $20
FAMILY ORDERS
Cocks, second girls, nurs-? girls arid' house
girls, city and country: going wages
O. R. HANSEN & CO :....1O4 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY.& CO Phone Main 1575
..HOT.EL DEPARTMENT :....
| Hotel housekeeper. 330; 4 waitresses. Southern
! California. $10, special rates; 5 waitresses,
i city, $20; 3 chambermaids to wait dinner, $20.
I MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 333 Geary et.
i COOK, small American .family. Santa Cruz.
J25; see lady here. MRS. . M. E. DAY &
CO., 333 Geary st.-
I COOK, institution. $30, good place; 3 housi>-
j girls. $30 each; cook. $35; 6 second girls. $25
I and $20; girl to work in boarding-house: must
sleep home. SCO. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter. :
I A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12. I
, Head waitress, $30: waitress's, country, $25; j
| laundresses, city. $20 > - '
GIRLS of 13 to 16 years of age to wind yarn,
to learn to knit nnd to finish goods. Apply
to J. J. PFIRTER KNITTING CO.. 412 Polk
j Ft.. Kan Francisco,' Cal.
| WANTED— A competent girl to do general
housework and cooking In American family
of 2 adults: wages $15. Apply at 400 Golden
Gate ave. • V '
WANTED— A ilrst-class cook; must understand
French and German cooking: city references
required. Box 13?3, Call olllce.
i WANTED— In a private family, a flrst-cla!«s
? laumTreps; city, references. Apply at 621
Leavenworth st.. between 10 and 12.
A' FEW experienced operators, and also glrla
for. instruction at the Sjamlard Shirt' Fac-
tory, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Young lady typewriter and stenog-
.' rapher, with some knowledge of bookkeeping;
references. Box ]3SC. Call office.
I 1 , :^ ! —
\OUNG girl to assist In general hosework;
small family; wasea J15. Oil Cole St., ' opp.
Chutes. "-,'¦¦ , , : .
EXPERIENCED apprentice girls on custom
coats; paid -while learning; also finisher. 123
Iiuss St.
WANTED— Lady- compositors; also cylinder
• press ' feeder. Advocate Precs, 320 Sansome
' st.,; room 4S. -. . • ...
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
: at 6 p. m. this evening. .
.WANTED — A; llrst-class talloress , on coata.
-. -411 Vi Kearny St.;'; tor> floor. v • <
I^IRST-CLASS corset -canvassers; commission.
,: 12o Powell stl;. afternoon. '• .
¦WOMAN with references for general housework
ami cooking. 9C6EI1I3 st. . .
WANTED— A girl to do upstairs work and
•wait o t table. Z620 Buchanan st. ; ;>':
AV ANTED — Operators on waists. . NEWBAUER
BROS., is First, st. , . --'.V.:'-.-: /:.-
A* JEWISH or: German girl wanted at 131 Post
,'.Et., RATNER'S.' :.. -' ¦:¦,'¦.-.-'••-•: "-¦:':¦-¦ "" -.
STRONG ' young "• girl :' for ¦ general i housework:
'. wages K2 per • month.' .=* S04 Taylor st. "
WANTED— Services of an experienced business
: v woman. Address i Traveler.* box , 1382. Call. ¦¦-.:
PROTESTANT girl assist in housework; small
family./ Call before r p.*^ :rn., Ml Cole st." .
WANTED — Woman: 1 to- 1 assist: plain' cooking;
- Bleep at hemo; wages $5 week. 122 Fifth St..
WANTED— Plain work ironer. • Standard ; Laun-
dry. .114; Hayes it. ;¦ , ¦ ¦¦ - .-.V-. -i-.v? .y
MIDDLE-AGED woman . for - light housework.
, .716 Franklin . st. . near :. Golden ; Gate • ave. .','
AVANTKD— Tallore»s on ; ; custom coats ; ¦ ; also
improvprsi'"- 272,- Stevenscn /st. ¦' : /: ¦'.'¦
I YOUNG ¦ woma n ' for light ' housekeeping: • small
|;' wages; .3-room; flat., Bon: 1280.' Call office.':^
GIRL $ to ' do ' light * housework ' and plain cook-
f lngr at 3103; FHlmore st.';; sleep home. "-¦'•>:'
FIRST-CLASS Ironer 'wanted. The - French
i Laundry Company, • C37 lie trard t^ st. v - r ' ¦^MffiM
iHHHnMHssBRdBMBHBnHlMMHaHl^^Kl^li
SA>* FnAXCISCO CALL. .
'-t :
CTSIXEES OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third «treet«: open
cntH 12 o'clock every Right in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— :n Montgomery ftreet.
crrner Clay; open until f:M p. ra.
TOO Hayes ctreet: open until 9:19 p. m. --.'»,?
tS3 SlrAlUster street; ope« until t:3O p. m.
€U Lar'-rin ctreet : cpen until 9:SD p. m.
:M1 Mission ttreet: cpen until 10 p. ra.
rr«l Market itreet. corner Eliteenth; open
cntil S p. tn.
JfS Eleventh street; cr-en until 9 p. m.
Jt:6 Valencia rtreet: cpen until I p. ra.
Northwert corner Twenty-second and Ken-
twfcv streets: open until » p. m.
MEETI.Va NOTICES.
MOUNT JJcr'.ah Lodge No. 44. F. and O
A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J%_
EVWSnXG. «t 7 :3m o'clock. First «le- JL,X
Kree. THi:O. FROLICH. Sec, /^r^
CROCKETT l>dige No. 139. V. and A. •
M.— ». Zi THIS EVENING. Jan. 23. _#\^
at 7:20 o'clock. I!y order of the W. 31. /+,J\
II. FORTIUEI'E. Secretary'. * >^ A
EXCELSIOR LoC3e No. 1P6. F. and A. »
M— Special meenr.s THIS OVEDNES-^\^
DAY) EVENING. Jan. 23, at ~-*<>jZj£
o'clock, ifeoond decree. '
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
MIFSION Lodge No. 163. F. and A. M. m
— Cabled rr.eetinE THIS (WEDXES- Jv
DAY) 13V};.N1.NC:. at 7:30 o'clock. T£3T
Third fiocree. / "^ ¦»
GEa D. FLACK. Secretary.
K. R. U— REGULAR meeting of f
this society will be held at our f
hn.ll. 1133 Mission Bt.. THIS jf
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, Jan-. *^^>J&
uao r 23, at 6 o'clock. Members Jfc.
are requested to attend. Im-
jx-rtant business to be trans- #vp^tSP
acted. PRESIDENT.
OFFICERS and members of v_ *
<'allfornla Harbor No. 15. ifjpx^inr.
American Association of idaiSBgBBI^^—
Masters eai pilots, are 'f*\^ s " "
ln\-lted to attend a lecture (»""
at their hall. Ferry build-
lnir, THIS DAT (WEDNESDAY) Januarr».
at 7 p. m. Subject of lecture. "Magnetism
and Comrast Deviation." practically lllus- j
trated by Captain G. von Schoen. By order J
of the Captain. R. N. FIPFEY. Secy.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 3. K. of S^
P. — Officers and members are hereby • t \fls>
not ift**d to s. it^*n -i the ntxt r^sTJls-T
meetimr on January £4. 1W1. fcf the -4ss&
purpose, of asslstirg in conferring the- i-'irst
r.ar.k. It A. SAMUELS. C C.
A'test: F. A. MECRIvDY. K. of R. & S.
6T. ANDREW'S Society— On account . «J-
of the death cf her Majesty, Queen 5^ \m$J
Victoria, the Burns annlversarj'
celebration has lieen indefinitely *-«-^
postponed. ALLAN POLLOK. President.
G. ST. J. BKEMXER, Secretarj".
NOTICE is hereby given that the annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of SHREVE & CO.
will be held at the office of the company,
Crocker building. Market and Poet fts.. San
Krancifcco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 11th day of
February. WI, at 3 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing directors and for the
tranFaction of Euch other business as may
come before the meeting-. Stock transfer
books cit the company will be closed on Thurs-
day, Jr.nuary 31. 1301. and will remain closed
urt'.l Tuesday, February 12. 1301. By order
of the board of directors.
A. W. BRADBURY, Secretary.
THE regular snr.ual meeting of the stockhold-
er* of the UNION TRUST COMPANY of
San Franclwco will be held at the offlce of
the company In the Union Trust Company's
building, corner Montgomery. Post and Mar-
ket Fts.. San Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY,
the 4th day of February. 19CU at the hour of
2 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the follow-
ing year, the amendment of the by-laws of
the company and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Corr.pcny will be held at the office of the
company. 227 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.,
r-n MONDAY, the 2Sth day of January. 1901.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
lcr the ensuing year and the transaction of
euch other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books wilj close on Thura-
6ay. January 17. 190L at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
TO the ctockholders and members of the C. F.
Kapp Company, a corporation: Notice Is
hereby given that a general meeting of the
ftockfcolders end members of the C. F. Kapp
Company, a corporation, will be held at Its
office snd place of business. No. 1200 Market
ft.. In the city and county of San Francisco.
Ftate cf California, on SATURDAY, the 56th
day cf January. 1901. at the hour of II
o'clock ra.. the object of eaid meeting being
the removal from office of the following
r.amed directors of said ccporatlon. to wit:
C If. Koehncke. Bertha Koehncke. Carl W.
Mueller and Alfred Fuhrman. ana that at
ruch meeting It Is the intention of the under-
rigned to propose the removal of each of said
directors, and also at said meeting the repeal.
etr.enflme-nt and adoption of new by-laws will
be considered. CHAS. F. KAPP.
Prestdent C. F. Krpp Company.
AGE.VTS WAXTED.
AGENT to introduce a new Imported house-
t\c.}4 neoeF«itv: best thing on the coast.
Address Dundee Mfg. Co.. Flood bldp.. S. F.
fyxi TO f.oo per month: rr.en or women; salary
<->r corn m Iff inn or both. P27 Market St.. r. 615.
ADOPTIOX.
HKALTHY baby for adoption. SIRS. DR.
FUNKE. U-.Z Eighth Et.. Alameda.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
po feo without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S5l> Market, cor. Sto-ktn.
FRANK TV. FMITH; mining and probate law a
specialty. Mills big., r. 3. 4th fir. : tel. Red 361«.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market ft., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
V«t ft.: <-^n>-ultatlon free; no fees !n advance.
ASPHALTL3I ROOFING.
J. FELTIHR. asphalt rcoflng. sidewalks re-
T«»1r»<1: »vr-*f*l. 11S« M'««l<in- tel. Fnlnom 1607.
DATII CABIXETS.
ELECTP.IO light bath cabinets to let and for
vale. 1ST6 Point Lobrs ave.
HOARDING FOR CIIILDRBN. *
RESPECTABLE German lady would like a
Sbaby or 2 small children to board: a good
home Corner Third ave. and California
et. south, Richmond District, city.
GOOD home for small girl: object company;
2 in family. Address or call at 713A Castro
Ft., Oakland.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— JWO; CANDY and Icecream parlor; rent JIS;
a place establ. years and doing a good busi-
ness; owner compelled to leave city at once;
. rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— 130O0; CHOP house and oyster grotto; near
Emporium; rent $121; lease; dally receipt*
1100. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2&Vs Kearny.
A — SKOO: COR! butcher shop. In northern part of
city; rent J^O; horse, cart: selling 4 cattle
and about 15 »heep per week; a cash custom.
Call R. G. WILKE, I6'4 Kearny st.
A — f3iO&: WINE and liquor business In Oakland,
with ag«-ncy for one of the largest mln'ries
in the State; a rushing bar trade and iarge
route of private customers; located on prin-
cipal rtmwt. Call R. G. WILKE." 2fi l i Kearny.
A — SZT4: THIRD Interest In laundry company;
doing a first-class business: retiring partner
to leave for New York, Apply R. G. V.'ILKE.
26^4 K**arnjr et.
A — ONE of the be«t saloons with commercial
lunch: close to I'alace Hotel; rent J50: owner
*!ck In bed: a great sacrifice; only $500 cash
down needed. R. G. WILKE. 2G'£ Kearny st.
A— J500: CORNER grocery and bar on Langtoa
Rt. ; rent J30: place estab. 20 years: mutt sell
as owner wants to retire and Rive long lease
¦ to r'ght rarty. R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny.
FIRST-CLASS ea'.oon; elegant fixtures; must
fell before February 1: owner must go north-
trial riven; easy terms; »ee this bargain'
Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market st. .
RESTAURANT for rale: fine location; doing
a good -paying business. H. C. DECKER
1029 Market et.
TO buy. eell or exchange real estate, store or
b'JFlness place call on H. C. DECKER, 1020
Market et; No charges for advertising.
zuzz
C'tTEIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
CaJI Business Officer .
SS-'A-PARTNER wanted; can make $130 per
month: only good active man need apply.
California Rurinefs Aea'n. M3 Market st.
tW>— THE Q restaurant. 2S7 O'Farrell Ft., on
rary payments. D. McKAE, SS7 Mission st.
HIJTCHEIt shop fcr eale at your own price;
njurt be noJd Friday. Jan. 2i. 1901; new fix-
ture*: corner Eficp: t!l cash tcade. 1113 Fol-
«?om et.
RESTAURANT and coffes saloon; dally re-
ceipts abmit JW. Cnll ct place, 4 W Kearny st.
SCOft— PARTNER wasted: first -class saloon; fire
- locatlin; receipts f?00 to tl^CO mo. - 1S6, Call. '
BAKnnY: goMchancf; country; nr.t«oi?um-
mcr resorts; $303. CHAS. R. STONE. Tomalcs.
TVHITJ2 Front raloon for sale. K3 Washing-
ton rt. ; no agents: a good place. " ,
HELP WASTED^FEJIAiB.
SEWING machine - wanted at Levl
Strauss & Co.'« overall factory, 32V4 Fremont
st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
FIRST-CLASS second trimmers and makers
for-mllU-nery; must be good saleslady; posl-
tlon.iha year round; good wages. 130 Sixth.
EXPERIENCED girl, who can sew and make
- up blank books; steady work; $3. week. Blnd-
ery, Oakland Enquirer. 4^6 Tenth St.. Oakl'd.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts and overalls at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHAELS. Ml Mission.
GERMAN girl for 'general housework. 1212 Ma-
> eonlc ave., near Halght st. • ..
APPRENTICES and finishers on. coats. 117
• Russ St.- . - * --.:
FIRST-class hairdresser and manicurist. Ap-
ply 223 Post at.
YOUNG girl for small family; plain cooking and
housework.. Call 9 to 12 a. m. at 1810 Laguna.
.FIRST-CLASS talloress and apprentices on cus-
tom coats; steady work. 1S6 Shipley, off 5th.
GIRLS wanted. Bookblndery. 633 Clay st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and BUtscrlptlona
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fi.'lmore Bt..
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been, established at 1036
Valencia st. •* --. -.- -* .
HELP WANTED— MALE. '
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. .....Phone Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Meat cook, v country hotel, $50 and fare ad-
vanced; second cook, hotel, couth, , $10 and
fare advanced; 2 second cooks, city, $50 and
$co.
6 experienced men to handle and grade lum-
ber in lumber yard,. $2 a day; Swiss milker,
south, $30. .
rC. R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary st.
A YOUNG man to act -as assistant clerk, one
who is a stenographer and typewriter, $30.
C. R. HANSEN & GO 104 Geary st.
A-^-MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S-JS
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
1 ,. WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY ....\
MECHANICAL HELP ..MACHINISTS
AND OTHERS
2 . machinists, lathe hands, country, steady
Job $3 60 per day
Machinist, all around man, country $105
Sticker hand, country planing mill.... $3 day
Carpenter for ranch, 10c fare
Engineer for pumping plant, see booa here...
Cooper for tank work Blacksmith
Bugler, ¦ U. S. Navy :..$25 and found
Man and wife, ranch, on shares, see boss
here I
Laborer for ranch $2S and found
Plow teamsters Dairymen
W'oodchoppers .' Tlemakere
Picket, post and shingle bolt makers
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Solicitor and driver, country laundry w ..
Chef cook. $r>0; 4 cooks, $30 to $.'jO; secShd
cooks, city, $12 week and $35 and found......
AValters, city and" country '. ;....
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St..
WANTED— Third-hand baker, country shop, $30
and found and fare paid: washer and. clean
harness, country stable, S30 and found; stable>-
• man, city, $40 and found; German or Scandi-
navian farmer and wife, .$30: Swiss farmer
and wife, $30: driver for milk wagon. $25 and
found; pruner and work on vineyard, $20 to.
$25; 2 Portuguese milkers, $25. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 Clay st. .
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Man and wffe cooks, small hotel, $65.
COOK and wife, commercial country hotel, $C3;
call early. MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 113
Turk; tel. Folsom 1533. I. LESS, Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec.. 10* 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED-^Man handy around stable: short
distance In country; wages $15 per month and
found* with an increase. Call at 29 East st.
WANTED — A first-class youngr man for grocery
and bar; city; German preferred; references
required. Box 13S9. Call offlce.
WANTED— A first-clas3 coatmaker. 411V4
Kearny St., to? floor.
GENT to solicit for a new and popular Jour-
nal. Apply 51!> Filbert st. / -
A STRONG boy t-> be useful In retail store;
wages $5. Box 13S8, Call offlce. '
WANTED — Two good trunk makers. D. D. i
'WHITNEY. Los Angeles. Cal. ' ' - ;|
CIGARMAKERS. 328 Bush St., third floor, ¦
room 4.^ • ¦ ' • _¦' j
WANTED— Boys $4 f.O per week at 113 Davis st.
W. F. BOARDMAN. -.
WANTED— Discharged Foldle'rs for light work.
Call 106 Pholan building. 9 a.- m. to 4 p. m.
SOLICITOR wanted; part salary. Golden Gate
Dye Works, 1421 Point Lobos ave.
FIRST waiter wanted. Park Hotel. 26 Turk
street.
WANTED — A sober dishwasher; $15 per month
am', found. 195 Tenth^st^
EXPERIF.NCED grocery clerk wanted; refer-
ences. CC1 Larkln St.. cor. Eddy.
BARBERS' complete- 3-chair outfit for sale
cheap. Apply 902 I^arkln st. '.
WANTED— recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
lesH-than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 fee*.
1 Inch in height: able to read, write and
speak. English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Offlce. 40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco. Cal. '
MEN OR WOMEN '.
....Paid Big Commissions
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21 Spear st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
Inducements; catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635. Clay st. .
GET votfr shoes ; half-soled while waiting; 25c
to G(kv. f.€2 Mission rt.. bet. 1st nnd 2d «ts.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: SI to $2 per week.
BRIGHT men of good address: money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
9 a. m. at 202 Post st.
BARBERS — Good' shop In country" good town,
nenr -the city. with household furniture.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
WANTED— A flrst-claiw wagon blacksmith.
AUGUST VETTER. P27 Brannan St.. nr. 9th.
BARBERS— Wanted, a 3-chalr work stand;
state price. : Box 1400, Call offlce. -
A ' COATMAKER wanted for sitting room. 4U',i
K"nrny Et.. first lioor.
ERRAND boy for drug store: give agre and
: residence. Bo.\ 1355, Call office. .
BIG lnducemrnt for young man to solicit for
merchant tailor. 1215 Market, bet. 8th & 9th.
TAILORS wanted for sitting rocm; every con-
venience! 4U*i Kearny st.. top floor.
i WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
. . . 20c. Boston House, 030 Howard rt.
BARBER shop for sale: complete with fixtures.
f,01 Castro st., cor. Eighteenth : sacrifice.-. ¦
,ALL size* men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
: price, f.62 Mission st...bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepafd & Co.. old reliable
firm. S06 Market, room 4<>. Phelnn building.
MEN to learn barber trade.- 741A Howard st..
S.F.: Barber School. «
SAILORS ordinary seamen nnd green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26Steuart.
1 WINCHESTER House. 4t.Thlrrt st.;,near Mar-
• ket:, "Co. rooms. 25c night: readlng-rcoms; free
, .,', bus and baggage to. and 'from ferry. . . .'
1 A BRANCH' office for Call ail vertlwrarati ant!
y:ir.f>crlrtlons has been established at 1098
. Valencia ft. - . :-A
CLASSIFIED advertisements nr»l snlwnptlons
received at Call branch offlc». 2700 Flllmore st.
HEMOnRHOJUS. :
ANY case of Piles, Piles. Piles. Piles; over 200
• •-. permanent cures among business men of San
• , Francisco alone: men who can be Interviewed:
• no surgery, ralves-or. ointments: no Interfer-
j f nee with buslnes* during treatment.' -. For fur-
:'. fh<«- nnrtlrulpm «flr>.-..PhyjiIrlflnj bcx 1!l"0. Call.
• HOItSliS. MVK STOCK. Klo — -Kor Sale
u ;; ru -,_;- -,' n -- ir . -^ ,-,-., .'.; j v •-•-.-.-. - - - - - \ - - - -^^-
'. 40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, "btusle*.
'. ¦ carts.-harness.' Grand. 'A read* Horse Market.
, " J27 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
; J- 'SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auct|on»ers.-
. FOR gale at a sacrifice on account of not hav-
, ,lng stable room,' team, of standard bred, bay
¦mares,- 2-sea ted -surrey and harness.' Inquire
": P. O. bcrl41.' San Rafael,- Ca I.' .•<-¦- -¦-
FINE, gentle horse, together with eurrev and
. 'harness in good order., for sale cheap. STAN-
; VI.Y MA Y ALL/ G126 Kearny St.. S. F.- v-
. .THREE -fast 'road horses; also some good
• business horses.' at. 721- Howard -st... ;.
/ HOUSES -TO ;i,KT.
A— PRIXTED '.' LIST Houses to let: send for clr-
' * rular - !O -" H - UMBSEN & CO.. 14 MontgfimTy.
GROVE,'. fi23 7 -House i of 9 sunny, rooms; modern
T- Improvements.;* Apply S23 Grove st. -. ' ..
SUNN Y^ corner;; 6 rooms . and j bath, yard.' etc.:
¦ rent rra^onsble. Corner Twenty-sixth st.' and
San ; Jose ave. ; bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
6 ROOMS, bath and basement: 14 Reed st.;
• rent $15. .: Apply at 1325 ' Washington st.^.-
DENTISTS.'.-:: : ;V.
ATMhT'ELECT^-ijEN^L^cTlNIC, SOS Mar-
ket st.. cor.- 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
¦'have, your extractions done painlessly: teeth
. without- plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 CO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a', m. to Id p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all"
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. ?3 &0; fillings. COc; plate?.
K. full srt: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. Z4 Sixth st. ¦'
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate?, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by . my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years
experience; no students; advice free: prices
cheafvest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LKKK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
frcm JS per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 9fi9
Mission St., cor. Sixth. - Consult us on crowns '
and bridges: difficult, plate work solicited; I
positive painless extraction. COc. ¦ ;
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
A. L. SIMPSON. D. D. S.. 1206 Market St.— Ex-
pert tooth extractor: crown and brldgework.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set ft teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Palnlets" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET- of teeth without plates. DR. H. G. ,
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st. ¦
EDUCATIONAL..
EVENING SCHOOL, sT^fTbUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market St.: individual instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches; i
civil sen-Ice cocchlng: tuition £> month. j
ALL etudents but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE^236^l£rket8t : __^V____
A.TRES" Business College,'723 - Market St. --Day
and evening; J8 per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, lr.cludizitf the commercial and shorthand
cours«-:j; 154 positions secured for our students
during the i>ast 6 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bids.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping;; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand, reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
IIEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 21 Post %t.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages^ telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new Sff-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
pchool for the university; law and medical col-
leges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has poM-
tlcns guaranteed to It by written contract,
nnd can therefore with confidence guarantee
petitions to all Its graduates. 305 Larktn st.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; Pitman «ys-
tem; private lessors by an experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL. 126 Kearny St.. T. 53.
A SPECIALTY-"-Perfectlns beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR, exp. ncct., 220 Parrott bldg.'
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mlning.mech.. sur-
vey, ossay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. ; est.- 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLKN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy:
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac- I
tice. Merki, reliable teacher, 1008 Mission si. |
FRENCH.Spanlsh. etc. Prof. DeFlllppe'sAcademy
of languarges.320 Postiestab'd 1S71; ablest profs.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing Bookkep-
lng. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night claFS. 424 Pine St.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; esL
1ST0: practical recommend: try them; removed
to 419 Devlsadero: tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOXI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE ard Chinese employment offlce: I
best help. 526 O'Farrell st.; tsl. Hyde 2191. j
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of- I
lice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 518S. I
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 644 California: phone James 2601.
ORPIIEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi- }
nefe help. 420 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel.Hlack 5072. j
CHINESE and Japanese -Employment Office— !
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426. |
] EMPLOYMENT WAXTED FEMALE, j
J RESPECTABLE woman wishes' a situation to I
do light housework; wages $5; city or court* j
try.- 49 Shipley St.; no postals; lady must [
apply only. • i
i PROTESTANT woman wishes general house- ]
- work to do where she can be treated as on»
of the family; good housekeeper and/ plain I
cook. Please address box 1SS0, Call offlce.
; RKLIABLE woman wishes posltlon'to do gen-
1 eral housework; Ik a good cook: city or coun-
try; no postals. 10 Stockton plnco.
LADY wants situation as pood cook, good
housekeeper: kind and willing to work; good
reference. Apply 1138 Howard st.
SITUATION wanted . by a young woman as
, 'cook In a private American family. Call 423 j
Sixth st. N <
A GERMAN lady with girl of 7 wishes sltua-
tlon as cook or housekeeper In widower's
family: city or country. 3239 Sacramento st.
. EXPERIENCED German girl wants place to j
do housework; Is good cook; wages f20 to $25. i
I Address box 1287, Call offlce. \ j
' LADY, age 30. would like position as house-* j
I keeper in city. Address box 1391, Call office;
no triflers. 4 j
I MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation as j
housekeeper; small family; wages' no object, i
Box 1332. Cnll offlce: . j
A RESPECTABLE girl wishes position to "do
general housework. Apply 271 Clementina I
! ft., off Fourth. ' .
> CAPABLK -woman wlfhes work Wednesday, j
t Thurrday and Saturday; plain washing cr I
sweeping. Address E, N., box 1381. Call. j
• WANTED— By the day, house-cleanlngtor laun- |
¦ dry: best of references; $1 10 per day. Add." >
i S. L.. 911 Sansome Bt.. 4th floor; no postals. I
• A GERMAN experienced salesgirl wants
1 place. Call after S j o'clock. 235 Clementina
St., corner Fourth.
I DRESSMAKER wishes engagements In fam- i
; lly; terms $1 E0 per day; best city references. I
Address 1018 Tolk st.
1 YOUNG girl wishes situation to do general
I housework: wages. f25. • Cnll 115 Olive ave.,
bet. Van Ness and Polk Et. ,
. BY a German girl; general housework; wages
t $25. Please call at 1810 Broderlck St.. rear.
'. YOUNG lady wants typewriting at home. Ad- ?
dress L. Kr, box 303, Berkeley.
'. A YOUNG Austrian girl J" st from Europe
i wants work; understands nil kinds of house-
work. Address S13A Vallejo et. t city.
\ A WOMAN wants -.work by- the day to do
washing. Call e.venlng. 235 Twenty-ninth.
WANTED- A position In a. refined family to j
care for children. Address C. WOOLS, 422 !
Seventh'ave. • • -
A COMPETENT German woman wishes work
by the day washing. Ironing and cleaning: no
j postals*- Western Addition only. Address 1123
1 Broadway st. . .
I GERMAN woman wants position as housekeeper
In small family. MRS. ... BROWN. Interna-
tional Hotel. -.-.-•
' RESI'ECTABLK zlrl wants position to care
for child and upstairs work. Call at land-
1 lady's.- 33 Fifth st. . .- . .' -. '- .?¦¦¦;.:>¦
. DRESSMAKER; 'pood cutter and fitter; suits
rcmodelM; quick worker.- Address .4441
•'" Twentieth St., near Eureka.
' A 'NEAT girl lately from Hungary wishes a
situation as general worker. 1309 Stockton.
: WINCHESTER: House. 44 Third, Ft, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; iZc to $1 50 night. $1 50 to $8
week: convenient and. respectable; free, 'bus
I and baggage to and from ferry. ¦". ~- .';•¦¦
• A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
; FUbscrlptlons has been established at 10SS
• Valencia Bt. - . : .' ¦ '.,';
' CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. Z200 Flllmore st.
-EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -MALE. ' v
; 1'IRST-CLASS • mine blacksmith and.: tool
j sharpener or general ; Jobber wants position;
references given If required. . Address box
> '.1290. Call. ' : - ' 1 ;•
• AaRTENDER.' German.- would" like position;
" - city or country; best of references. Address
t ' G. : IV,' 1104 Larkln. st. . : '.'.>• >"•>*-;:¦';--.;«
1 A BARTENDER. BinBle. " middle-aee," wishes
.a- steady j>osltion; sober and reliable: gooil
references. Bartender, 331- Kearny st..;rm. 34."
! YOUNG , man of good :. nablts : wants work; a
few years'; rxoerlence ; in - Etove > work * and ¦
plumbing, and. tlnnlng;tocl3. ,E.;A.' t N.,'i.277..
' Minna St. ? • '¦¦:'-¦*:<: ". t : . '. -': "¦ j
, UPHOLSTERER and, carpet layer. wants ;posl-"
tlon In a hotel; references for first-class work;
small wages... S. ', JENSEN.': 911' Bush st: ¦ ¦ . -
BOY wants work In office;; sneaks Spanish 'and
* "English; quick and neat. . 7CC Larlcin et. -'
MTJStCAI. INSTRTTMEXTS^
cTnCKERING .........^............... $?>
Great Union *>
Haines Bros 1W>
Hallett & Davis 1»
Sherwood & Son 15©
Kramer Bros ***
Benrlder 1W
Arlon. 1*>
Fchiedemeyer ls<>
Sterling ¦ ; K3
Curtaz , JJ?
Standard * £»
Conov-r ; 230
Ecsy rayments If desired. It will par you
to see BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON. IS O'Farrell
St.. Chlckering Agency.
ANY person having use for a piano can h» ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable maker* to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Stetnway any tlma
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $8 cash anil
$G per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos ,fcr $3. 14 and $3 per month. SHER-
MAN CLAT & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner K«arny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco:
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
land. ' ¦
A NOVELLA upright -*5T
Weber "->
2 Itelnei **>"• **^
3 Steinways *^<>. *XJ. *££
Iti Geary st.. agents Hallet *£¦»««. >«'«
new 2S* contract: y'o^har. irtvUe^? to £
torn piano if not "satisfied.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con.
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Po»t.
LEFT on sale, $2S3. Hallet & Davis upright:
cost $675. Room 33. 217 Geary st.
FOR sale or rent- A fine upright piano; terms
moderate. 833 Mission st^ -
BARGAIN— Must be sold: nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hib. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand unrijrht cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORN-UNO. 216 McAllister St.
ELEGANT 3-pedal uptight: sacrifice: leaving
city; standard make. 324 Golden Gate ave.
A CLEARING out sale of pianos in storage:
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
i BYRON MATTZY. ajrency Sohmer * Co.. Bvron.
Mauzy. Gabler and Speilman planoa, 308 Post.
SPECIAL sale— Immense reductions: see our
leader, only $130. BRUENN. 203 Post st.
3-PEDAL upright: nearly new: bargain; owner
' lravlner city. 22S3 Mission «t.
: , — ¦
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant Up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
i BEST rent stock In city: new ptanos. S3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
ST'PERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. FL
MULLER. maker, repairer. J Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for Sc— The Weekly Call. 1"
r--.."- lr< w-9n«»r. fnr m»lll-n«r. $1 p#r vear.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
NEW~store7~4~rooni9. bath, yard: splendid lo-
cation for grocery cr butcher, pork, produce,
delicacy business. Apply 290 Crescent ave. '
SMALL store: central location: cheap rent: 3
living rooms: large yard. 4C9 Sutter st.
~~ O1I>. .
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Co. buys, develops,
exploits and ¦ sells oil lands: has exceptional
advantages for securing Eastern capital In
proved fields; communications confidential. F.
H. Hausman. Sec. 8th floor, r. 32. Mills bldg.
INCORPORATORS— Mining and ofl companies
Incorporated and books opened for same; cor-
poration books experted: highest references
given. W. C. STADTFELD. r. S7. Nevada blk.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
2JfO ACRES oil land; $S to- $3000 per acr«- W.
C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood building.
RELIABLE man will locate oil land In Texas.
Address "Oil Land." box 1233. Call offlce.
~ Oil* LAXDS FOR SALS.
20 OR 40 acres for sale In 24— 2S— 27. Kern River
Oil District: a grand chance for a company 1£
taken immediately. J. 3. EWEN. 123 Cali-
fornia St.. room 407. San Francisco. Cal.
KERN River: proven territory: line of R. R.
Newton. Cnrmen gc pnmen. r. 104. Chmnlcl-.
ipAINTERS AND DECORATOIIS.
Wall paper, window shades: rooms papered. U
up. Jensen Ac Bath. 303 Sixth st. : open »venlnc».
~~ PAMIJSTRTf^ .
MRS. BALDWIN, late of the Chlrotogtcal Col-
lege of Los Angeles, has opened a school In
this city; scientific palmistry taught; read-
Ings; hours 10-12 and 1-5. 300 Powell st.
Arrived— PTOf. A. Myers, the celebrated Euro-
pean occultist and palmist; consultation Jl.
1423 Mission, nr. 11th; 10 to 12m. 2 to 5 p. m.
II. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. b»t. Geary and Post: tel. Black WL
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless succesaful.
GEO. T>. CAMPBF.LL. Lawyer. Examiner btg.
PERSONALS.
FRED MANX, magnetic healer, has returned
ani will be glad to see old patients; head
troubles; weak eyes. S4S McAllister st.
VALUABLE information will be given to all
I persons addlctzd to the use of cigarettes, liq-
uor, morphine or any other drug by MRS. E.
i PEARCE. 72C Sixth ave.. Richmond District.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
I years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. J2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
A— J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. 11 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
PRIVATE detective work; skillful Investiea-
tf>r; low rates. Box K3S. Call offlce.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
2;c to $1 50 per night; $1 JO to J8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and front the ferry.
V. CONDORY, M. D., assistant physician to
Dr. W. T. Garwood: office hours. 10 to 13. 3 to
'4. 6 to S p. m. ; tel. Frown 131. 301 Sutter st.
WHY guess? You are certain of style and fit t>T
using Standard Patterns; February styles
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 1021 Market at.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarte?
or double. *2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles decoyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. liT? Sutter st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wtgs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mlc;.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, tiia beat
corn cure: 23o: all druggists.
SIME.HOPKINS' new discovery for rheumatism;
positive cure. 9C6 Market, offlce 22. 2d floor.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian H*nr.a: restores gray
)>alr tn It* natural color: 11: at all druggist*.
PIIYSICIANS AND SCIIGEONS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and restdene*.
1C21'? Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
HEAL ESTATE — CITY — yOU SA*,C
REAlTIcSTATE BARGAIN& ™ ~"~
A. M. SPECK A CO..
C67 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE KEARXT.
I21C0-REDUCED FROM £500.
Four flats; rents $30: all rented.
$2C00.
Four flats; rents S4X; downtown, neat *tl> at.
jeooa
Three choice flats: near Post and Taylor its.;
pays 10 per cent: 27 feet front: offer wasted.
K3C0— HYDE-ST. CORNER.
12-rccm house; lot 40x90 feet.
tll.OCO.
Sutter st.. near Taylor; very cheap. •<
111,000-3 BRAND-NEW FLATS.
Rented under lease fcr J1C2 a month; haU
cash required.
S7?C0.
Tlats: brand new; east of Van Ness avei;
rents $72; all rented.
*CCO— REDUCED FROM J18.C0a
. Market-st. corner, store and fiat.
114.0CO.
Grand H-rocin residence nn Jackson st.
$14.0C<>-REDUCED FROM $13.5001
Business property: same tenants for year*;
store and rooming-house.
I1S.0O0.
Grand corner: Leavenworth st.; 60 fett front;
aJi rented for $1K; mortgago $3000 can remaia
at 6 per cent.
$73.CGO— REDUCED FROM $S2,WX>.
Choice corner lot. 73-foot front; within half a>
bjcck of Market St.: with old Improvements -
rtnts about $4C0: the r.nly comer that can be
bought vicinity of. Sixth st.
, $«.eoo.
Rents $1CO; 3 new flats: choice locality
. J3J.CC0.
Conser. 40 feet front; vicinity Satter it. east
cf Hyde; grand hotel. offlc« or rooming-uousa
site; rents S1C7. '
J.-.3.rco INVESTETX
Grand corner: brand-new building; guaran-
tied lea?e pays t'fiO a month net.
. $15.6CO-VICINITY SECOND ST.
Corner S3xlC2 feet, with Improvements* rent.
Irs- for $150 rer month.
This district Is booming.
IIMTCQ-XEAR SECOND AND MISSION
• Lot 4Jx70 feet: rents nominal; a sure snap.
Sutter-st. corner: 87:6x87:8; elegant Improve-
ments; rents JlSCO.per annum.
$105. CCO.
Market St.. near Call; .> per cent net
A. M. SPECK A CO
CS7 Market st.. opposite Kewrar.
Correspondence Solicited.
BUSINESS CHANCES— CONTINUED.
PARTNER wanted In a large, old-established,
profltable business, controlling a good. safe,
solid and reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided. to Bell
nn Interest to an acceptable party; duties will
be the keeping of accounts and assisting
generally In the management of the business:
capital required 750C0 to $10,000; full value In
eight; books and business open for Investiga-
tion. Apply J. W. DONNELLY & CO.. C32
Market st.
1109 — CIOAR stand: good corner: bargain. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market st.
$450— LAUNDRY route, with good horse and
wagon. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777Va Market.
$1100 — Butcher sh«p; country town: business
$1200 mo. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H .Market.
A— WANTED— A good tenant for grand corner
ftcre and basement, with fixtures suitable for
grocery business; special Inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK fc CO.. C67 Market Et. .
AN investment cf I2Ti00 in a business ready for
operation will return above amount back to
Investor ¦within S months; bona .fide; will
stand Investigation. S27 Market St.. r. 615.
A A— $400; grand opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waltlnc-room. 23d ave. ftatlon. E. Oakland.
$12--.O— REST creamery with branch bakery,
candy, etc.. horse and wagon: daily receipts
over $40; trial given. Box 1397 Call office.
FOR SALE— Rranch bakery, notions, confec-
. tlpnery. cigars; good location. 1203Va G. G. av.
ROUTE Xo. 6 of the San Francisco Call for
sale. Apply at this office.
A WELL established, small Jeweiery store at
a reasonable price. Call at 106 Eleventh st.
130 WINS $200 per month at races: references
. given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A WEEK'S news fcr S cents— The Weekly Call.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE.
3C-ROOM house; clears $100; Pine st $S50
16 rooms: north of Market et 730
r,0-roora boarding-house: clears I3C0....... S00O
J0-room fiat: downtown 500
14 rooms; on Mission st 500
to rooms; new furniture: $1000 cash 2G00
15 rooms; on Third st 600
46 rooms; fine corner; clears 5200 3300
24 rooms; on Geary st.: clears $1*.0 19C0
25 rooms; en Kearny St.; clears $150 1C00
33 rooms; on Market st 1400
32 rooms; clears $75 400
ECO others— Prices from $100 to '125,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market: phone Mint 796.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, notice! I have
largest list of lodging-houses and hotels; can
Full all buyers; employ 5 persons who Rre
1 daily adding new houses to list; title giver,
with each house sold; money loaned buyers:
no fake prices; value given for your money;
before buying call and be convinced.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Rooms 1-2. 917 Market st.. tel. Mint 1911.
60 ROOMS: newly furnished: rent- $150 .$3000
87 rooms: money-maker; near Market.... 1900
JO rooms; Van Ness; finely t urn.; extra.. 930
15 rooms: Leaven worth: rent $57 CO 900
10 rooms; S400; 10 rooms, quick..". S50
20 rooms; detached: handsome yard, with
drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving
rent only $65 month: clear? $100 month: special
map. FISHER & CO. 1032 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1C26 Market st.
Telephone Mint 1591
47 rooms; Al location: part cash $2700
CO rooms: north of Market 2700!
IK rooms; sunny corner 2100
31 rooms; worth $2i00; reduced to 1300
TO rooms ; corner (new); rent $65 1300
10 ROOMS, newly furnished: payments.... $"30
C> rooms; clears $300; will loan half 6Ti00
10 rooms; very cheap: only $250 cash 600
Sr-O.f'OO to loan at 1U per cent: teL Main 128.
DA VI S & RIVES. 91« Market Et.
ANDREW TRICE & CO., 30 Kearny st.. room
6. Big bargains: list in office: money loaned:
clear title: houses all full.
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. 30 Kearny et.. rm. 6.
CALL and see our list of bargains in houses:
we have them in any part of the city and 6t
any rrice. EUREKA REAU ESTATE, 2S
flxth st.
NEWLY furnished house cj 10 rooms for sale
at a 6axrriflce on account of sickness. 637
Howard et. ; good location^ v
JCJO— 24 ROOMS;, fine location; well furnlehed;
all rented; low rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy Bt
GREAT sacrifice; 16 rooms; must sell. 133 !
Hyde et. ¦
SPIRITUALISM. .'
MRsT'drTfaRNHAM. world-renowned~Eplrit^
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
eults. divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; cirs. Fun.. Wed.. Frl. ev"s.
Come and be convinced. Permanently located.
E13 Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
CIRCLE to-night. 8 sharp, 10c: readings dally.
MME. MARQUISE, 5 Hyde st.. nr.McAUIster
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J. '-.
Meyer; sittings daily; tests to all to-night: 10c. \
IIRP. LESTER- Readings daily: circle every '
eve., 10c. except Wed.: devel. circle. 222 Turk.
MME. YOUNG, convincing test circle to-night.
C05 McAllister st.;10c; come, skeptics. j
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer; !
- readings dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
EARLE, 303 Taylor St.. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 14C Eddy st.
C. Mayo-Steers. 112H Oak. trar.Ce medium;
readings $1: hours l-."> p. m. ; tel. Howard 527.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium.
llfo ref»d**r. mo<1. ol«<-^"vi»Tit. 1164 O'Farrell.
CLAIR VOYAXTS.
MME M. 'BERN ARIX f
TIDi FAMOUS . • ..
Clairvoyant and Business Medium.
Is permanently located at 17 Third St., next
j Examiner building. She reads your life cor-
I rectly, gives an accurate description of the
I past, reveals the present happenings and por-
trays events to occur 1n the future. If you
are In trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
Fatlsfled in life, or have domesne, love or busl-
tiess troubles, consult this great medium and
you will be told how to overcome them. '
Valuable advice In all affairs of life.
Full life reading by n.ail: write for Informa-
tion; 23c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect • satisfaction
guaranteed by mail: send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium.' clairvoyant and palm-
lEt; 15 years' experience: her knowledge of the
unseen forces is Invaluable to professional and
business men. to wives and lovers; follow her
advice and you will make no mistake. 1104
Market St.. corner Mason, room 2S.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
rents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
lalmlet, permanently located 1148' Market, op.
Cth: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to S p. m.
MME. LAROPE. clairvoyant, card reader: best
advice, 25c up. 472 Stevenson «.. cor.- Sixth.
MRS. Melvlll. well-known clairvoyant. wat;r
j reader. ll.Cth;German spoken; tel. Howard 1S46.
i MME. FABBIER— Readings with cards and tea
leaves: business advice. 1504 Market, r. 31-32.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
present, future; 25c. .148 Sixth St.. room. 14.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 23c, 7 Reventh st. ? •
JTME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
i band's picture. 25c: -todies. 914 O'Farrell rt.
I MME: AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
I palmlftry: truth or no pay; 25c- 1149 .Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
I medium. 215 Kearny ct.. rooms 8-10.
MME SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
Fittings dally. 4W/4 Jess'.o ft.
MME. RAVENNA reaJs life fluently: business
»d.vV>e: names trlven: 2S«» ud. K Fourth f=t.
CARPKT BEATING AMI CLEANING.
! WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
I *eod to RPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. £33-357 Tehama st. ; tel.. South 40.
I CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
I STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth et.: tel. Jess*? 944..
! J. E MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
j rating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel., Mission 74.
I ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402'Sutter et.;
tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
j CONKLIX'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
I Gate aye.: flephone East W>. '-¦•¦¦' "
CAIUtZAGES AND*. -WAGONS. ;
• F'OIt eale — Fine tci» buggy, piano box 1 iOber
1 tires, firrt-class condition; ¦ bargain, iuo/iir*
! NcvaJa Stables, Market st., opp.- ge. nth. s
< A— 10O RETS second-hand harness; vagons,
I carts, buggies, tsurrcys. horses. 1140 .Fotojra.
j AN A No. 1 express v.agcn, single, also light
! camping wagon, for Fale , cheap. '. M2 Mission.
i FOU _ We— Eprins wagon, hcrse and harness.
! IS77 Mission St.. ¦¦ - -,'."-' 4 ¦- - . .
j ' -" .,... "I "
! . ciimoponisTS.
¦i CO . RXP - bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chll-
niftinv; pjtlnii^fifi cur** ' Or T)uncnn 415 Stit***r
j ¦ - . .
1 ' ¦_ CO^ECTIOX OFFICES. ,
OKOHGK W. KELLY'S Arency— No charge un-
J less Euccesr f ul. Rocm 310, ¦ D27 • Market St. --HOTEL ARBIVAIS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C Gerber, Fremont E F Maxwell. Bakersfd
F T Conrad. Berkeley Rer P J Vanderlee. Cal
G Beveridg-e. Fresno E M McKuslck. Mlrsn
J V Ralph. Alvarado L Prior. Sulson
Dr Raynor & w, X T B Prior. Lindsay
P Thomai', : Sausallto Dorothea Prior, Ltsd-
H Schoberr. Redwood say
E M Simpson. Sacto [VT Power. El
C Ackerman. Alameda J W Park. Wash
"W C Ames, Oakland F A Betscb & w. GaJ
L Levy, - Lincoln Mrs M Carroll, Vlcto-
Mrs Shannon, S Oak ria. B C
D A Smith St w, Utah Mrs Dunbar, Va
R Cunningham. Utah Mlas Duff. Haaford
C Fwuhaw, Mont W W Paahln. Hanford
D Bucihalter- £ w, J D Richard & w, Cal
Bakersfield . , H C Janion. Victoria
T Hewitt & w. Cal D D Barnard. Oakland
G ' Brie* & vc. st Lake L. \V Burns. Ohio
Mrs Mann, Salt Lake J F Brown, Sacto
Miss Shocbridse. Utah W H Bryan, Sulsnn
D H Moulton & xr. Sac J D WiULuns, Buu*
C H WUcox Jr. Conn |W P ThomaJ. Ukiah
H M R*ed. Reedley |Dr E Bennett & w. Cal
E R Reed. Bakersfield. C Dunphy. llillbrae
H D Kermlss, SkaguayjW Schuette, Wls Q
F S Dunnlnr & w. Or P S Jensen & w, Tex
A B Hotchklss & w.Cal A Rose. XT*
I J Tralnor,' Sacto L Parker Ar w. ITtah. :
F Berff. Portland J H Ambrose. Cal
C A Murdock. Fresno A R Braddoek. X S W
J O'Connell & w. L A R H Baam. Chlcaso
P R Luca*. Lbs Anr^ Mr* A B BUbeH. Eac .
W B' Glafke. Portland Miss F. Feeney. Sacto i
J C Sniffer.' Bakersfleidj Mrs "Whitney. Cal
G B Wilson. Cal • MI5S VThltney. Cal
Dr M S JaEe. Sacto 'j Collins ft w. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
I C ' R McConntck. Mich F S Barnard. Victoria
Mn J McLean. .. Pa MIsa - Barnard. Vlvtorta
Miss G H Welshorn.Pa Miss Lowen, Victoria
A -.TV Eschenburs. Ill Miss Prior. Victoria
G H Emerson. Wash B Xewinan.- Boston
A-W Reddlns tc w. W G Markham. XT
Menlo Park ' D B Wyatt & w. Colo
F W Henshaw. Oaklnd \V G Xelson. Los An*
W Dean, Palo Alto C Falrchild. Berkeley
J J ;Castle. , Oakland H Osboume,' Los An*
J H Coleman.- SMateo R G Ford. Chicago
J J Debenslette. Cal . C E Bond Minn
GE Feler. N'T ' Mrs C Mitleson. Minn
Mrs H • Wood. ¦ CoJo R Haskell. Minn
jLC Brent ft w. X T R M Pogson. Cal
! S Matsumoto,' Japan L AmsiocJc. Bostoa
! F T Southerland. Cal E ; S \fatson. • Reddln*
i W G Ktnsome. Loa A S A Goldsmith. X T
1 J H ¦ Payne. Los Ang R E Jack. S L Obispo
E 8 Xewman & w.Tex Mrs W C Danlels.Colo
S P. Lawrence, X T MUs M G Marsh. Colo
L L Miller. Boston H M Waif. Chicago
G R ¦ Harvey <&' w. Tex E J Strlnsrham. N T
C F '¦ Solomon. -Arizona D Time, ' Buffalo
E A von Arr.In. Clifton R Anderson. Chicago
T Flint & w, Sn Juan H S Adams. X T -
P , Schneider." Ohio E»V Morris. Brooklyn
Rev C C Bruce. ¦ En* L B "Wells. - X T ¦ ,:
T L. O'Raprke. ¦Ensrln'i J H Allman. Cbicara '
A-.W Smith. Plttsburs J - T Harrtarton, . Cal
"W-W. Welsh., Stockton M WUklnson. Fllscm
E Campbell. San Jose EM Johnson. X Y
S Loats A w. Sn Jose J R Quinton. Mo
H LJndley.Cal ... G B Berkman, X-T ,
How It Goes in England.
Darin? the present cold and frlp season
fifty-seven thousand two hundred elrhty-eiyht
boxes of Laxative Bromo-QuJnlne hav* been
sold by E. H. Clark. 2S Shoe Lane. London. *
Harris and Betsy WolJf to WtlUam Wolff,
lot on S line of Fulton street. 82:6 E of Polk.
E ZT:« by S 110; $8000.
Caspar and Sophie Zwlerleln to Henry Falk.
lot on S line of gacrarnento street. IS W of
Goaph. W 25 by S 1J7:«; 119.500.
Bonnet Bonnet to Catherine Bonnet, lot on
S line of Turk street, 45:10 W of Buchanan, W
M by S 5«:«: ***». • »
T. B. and Annie E. Draper to Blanca TV.
Paulsen. lot on E line of Tremont avenue. 79 :«
S of Frederick street. S 3:6 by E 80; J3000.
Marie E.- Perry to W. L. Hughson. lot on 6
line of Clay street. lli:« E of Cherry. E S
by g 1W:»H: «50».
Agnes Lewis (wife of Benjamin M.) to Ben
jamin M. Lewis, lot on N line jot Twenty-sec
ond street. £3 E of Guerrero, E 5 by X U«;
Estate of Jean B. A. Prestat (by J. B. Xlde
rost and A. Proa, executors) to William Cur
tin, lot on SW corner of Jersey and Diamond
streets. W 107 :« by S 1H: $3»».
Henry Schammel to Bertha Schamtnel. lot
on NW corner of Powell and Lombard streets.
W 100 by N 92:«; rift.
Marks- F. Crowley to Herman and Deborah
Diedrichs. lot on SE corner of Bryant and
Ellery streets. KG IS toy SE 90. quitclaim deed;
no. '
Melville. George. Edgar. Elsa and Walter
Abrams to Louise Abrams, lot on X tine of
Post street. 27:6 E of Franklin. E 55 by N
137:6: also lot on E line of Fourth street. 73
N of Harrison. X 25 by E 85; sift.
Htbernia Saviasrs and Loan Society to Mary
F. and Helen E. Casey, lot on SE Une of
Bryant street. 173 XE of Fourth. N*E 20 by SE
SO; *23*>.
Elizabeth Blackwood to Harry T. Blackwood.
lot on N'W line of Clementina street, 175 XE
Of Fifth. XE 200 by XW SO; sift.
FeUx .and Delfina. Marcuse to Mary Toun*:
(wife of James B.). lot on V\' line of Sixth
avenue, SO S of Lake street, S 5 by W 115;
now.
Henry W. Baumgartner to Louisa Mumford.
let on E line of Second avenue, ICO S of Point
L«bcis avenue, -S 2* by E 120; also lot on E
line of Lou street, 1C0 X of Grove, X S by
E 1«:3; *300.
George W. and Mary S. Halght to Pacific
Bank, lot ft, block 34. and lot 1, block 53.
City Land Association; ?>•>.
Builders' Contracts.
Meyer Estate Company (a corporation) (own
era) with Charley Bossett (contractor), archi
tect M. J. Lyon — All work for a two-story
and basement frame building (S flats) on 8
line of Post street. 151:3 E of Flllmore. S 137 :«.
W 73. X 37:8. W 23. X 1». E 1»: $15,500.
Isaac LJebes (owner) with Hannah Bros,
(contractors), architect same — Carpenter, mill
and brick wort,- tlnnlnjr. galvanized iron, lath
ing, plastering, wainscoting. Inside finish, glass
and hardware for alterations and additions
to a residence on X line of Pacific avenue.
173 W of Franklin street. XV- 54. X 1T7:S^ W
«, X S7.:«. E XI, S 37:6, E 9. S 127:S%; $42W.
Mary B. Harrison and Henry T. Scott and
Charles E. Green (aa guardians Charles T.
and Jennie A. Crocker, minors) (owners) with
Western Expanded Metal and Fire Proo2\nic
Company (a corporation) (contractors), archi
tects Bliss & Faville— Fireproof floors and roof
archlcr for «-story and basement brick, stone
and Iron buildis* on SE corner of First and
Mission streets. S 1ST:6, E 175. — 30, W 1S7:S.
X 137:«, ,W 157 :« ; : $33,450.
BEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
VICTORIA. B. C Jan. 22.— News -was
brought by the steamer Victoria to-day
of the Io3s of the German steamer Saih
sang, on the Yangtse. Th* steamer left
Icbang for Chunking at daylight on De
cember 27. Jest above Ichang begin the
Yangtse gorges, very fine from a scenic
point of view, but dangerous to naviga
tion on account of the rocks and rapids.
The steamer was in command of Captain
Breitag and there were seven foreign pas
sengers and twenty-one missionaries re
turning to Scechuen on board. She parsed
the Ichang gorge ana the Tatung rapids
easily and arrived at noon at the entrance
of the splendid Xlcoukoang gorge, forty
five miles above Ichans- The river here
Is full of sharp rocks and turns round a
cliff. The steamer proved to be too long:
She knocked against a hidden rock and
began to sink.
The Chinese crew became frightened
and jumped Into the lifeboats, which were
capsized and many were drowned. Owing
to their desertion it was impossible to run
the steamer ashore. Chinese sampans
hastened to the assistance of the steamer
and took the passengers ashore. All the
Europeans were <aved. The . captain
stayed on board bravely to the last and
unfortunately waa among the victims of
the wreck. The Saihsan? was seen to
drift domn with her stern raised perp*n
dieularly T above the water and after an
explosion disappeared entirely, with th«
captain still on her.
fuses to Leave tbe Vessel and
Sinks With Her.
Captain, *T>es«rted by His Crew, Be-
STF.A-IVrF.rl SUIHSA2TG
GOES TO THE BOTTOM
The Sheriff secured the pledge of the
Constable that be would assist In guard-
Ing the prisoner if the irons were left off
The Sheriff consented and left his pris
oner with the Constable for a moment
while he placed the irons back In his grip.
As soon as the Sheriffs back was turned
Stiles made a dash for liberty and Sheriff
Lewis tried to recapture his man. but was
prevented by the Constable, who stepped
between the Sheriff and the fleeing Stiles.
Stiles gained the open air and got away.
Sheriff Lewis offered considerable
money for help in securing Stiles, but no
one would volunteer to assist him and he
made the search of the settlement alone,
but without avail.
TUCSON, Jan. 21— By the treachery of
a Constable Sheriff del L«wis last night
lost a prisoner and o.-.e he could not afford
to -let slip from hisM&ods. It appear*
thai the people o# Cochlse County are not
satisfied with the ratber mysterious man
ner in which Billy Stiles was turned loose
after contesting that he took part In train
holdups and attempted to take the life of
George Hravin. jailer at Tombstone. But
Stile4, for turning- evidence against bis
companions, bad to be rewarded and was
turned loose and allowed to go back to
his Casa Grande home, whleb he did.
A few days ago Sheriff del L«wia
passed through Tucson with a warrant
for Stiles, charging him with an attempt
to kill Jailer George Bravln. He found
Stile? In a saloon arid with the Constable
of the town went to make the arrest.
Sheriff Lewis handcuffed his man and was
about to put irons on him also when tbe
Constable made an appeal for Stiles, on
the ground that Kls wife and mother lived
in' Ca.«a Grande and be had many friends
there who would not like to see him leave
bound In irons.
Special Dispatch to T2« CalL
Sheriff Agrees Not to Put Irons on
the Arizona Bandit and He
Flees at First Op
portunity.
Notorious Billy Stiles Es
capes Through Treachery
of an Officer.
CONSTABLE SETS
PRISONER FREE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1901.
13
MCTICBX PAl'irit! COXPAJrr.
IrACiric itiru.)
TT— T~r 1«*«* ••¦•# «»r» da* «• arrtv* •!
MAI* Illi.iflMO,
(¥»'n Iiae. Foos of Jfuktt StrMl) ¦
uin — fion Jixuii I. 13CL — Axxrra
~tSOk B*rlcU. Baisaa, Ehalra, TacarQ*,
Xsatsey awt ttMrmmanto Til3r
TOO. DmrU. Woodlaad. Knights T* mting.
Marji»ilS* Utot CIe_ 7>«3f
Tj1»« Atlaatia Exsnss— Ogdea aad Kas* l»iiar
8:O«A Mwaaetbia lUaicn. V»Uojo. S»r»,
Calissoo aad Saata Kosa «»I3r
SiOOaSCs*. LiTarsiors. Ttmcr. Lathrop. -
Stocktoa •- T«l3y
ft: S* a Hi*»'J» ¥ tpwss— D»TtLWIU!aaBI Jftosr
Bartlett SoriapJl, WUIows. B«d
v- BatO. Port!aa<£ T»43r
ii3«> Saa Jom. lixnaer*. Stoektoa. ¦»
bn«. bMrantento. PUenvUl*.
M»rj'»r»Ie, Chfeo. lt»a Blufl 4iI»t
>iXt»i Oakd»>. Chinese, boner*. Carets... «:l»p
• soo* lUjnrlM. XUc« *ad W*t S'^tloni. 1 1 1 »3*
»:HiUt Aagete" Exgnm — Uu-^a
Timer. L*a»rop. amrttim. Usoed
rnuMtudLotAiifs!« 7>lSr
•:30a Ttlleio. Martinvs &ad Way Stalioa* 5» 13 f
la,o«A Tbo OrirUnd LimtMd— Ogden. Dea.
t;r. Oiuihv CilCMl €;45r
lit** a 5U«s. 8toe»lo», teoraaeat^Meo-
r«srt«nille ~ ••—. ««»3»
lljO«ULiTer=Bcre. BaBgw. Co«lun Jna*
Uob. Bakers&eid, L* Angel—
fl:OO? S*tr»meau. Uliet JUe.m-t. ........ !''«**
Zifr H»y wnii, SUrs aad Way SUUona. 3: «3 1
4:unr Mni:ln*«. Raa iu«v., T«il«Ja,
N*P«. C*)!«'-nt*. ¦!*«»» lt:sa MJ»
4>««r Bentctt. Wlnsets. »*CT»i»«»»e,
Woodland. KalcaU Laodins.
lUrj.tUr. Orotflle U 1 * 3 *
f»^»A
SrOOr Nlies. Ui«ra»0f«, Sioek*aa. LodT... 1*»43a
•3:OOr6ac»<« LiaiMd, B Paw* N«w
Orleasss aad East. a«tl»A
8:04>rTh« Owl Limited— Traey. rwsao.
B&len&rid. Baaga* tot s^aU Bic
ban. Lea Abz««.., ifelS*.
3t4MrKe« Orleaa* Exoress— B«i«niae!<t.
BaaU B*rb«r».Li)« Anj^lea. Dem-
Ing. El ttto. Sow CMdeaas aa«
r M t 7>«i«
•:«»p Hifiuis. Stl« nil s« Jt« 7s4»*
t»i»irv»i:ej™ - v -- 1I»«4
• iO»rOrienUl MaC-Oglea, Chejenc*. •
O:r«S». Cbieifi H:13p
• :4>»rOr;#it*l MsJi-Ogdea, Dcar-r.
Omak*. Cblc»»<x 4tlir
7i««r Otejow aad UaiUornl* Ci r» -».•«»•-
nuueuta, M«xj«'*"». ite'I'llng.
- r»H!»u1. V <*l Houiul simI r»u 1:134
•i«WtpgAa Piblo. Port Cosiv SUrtioes
i«dWi| tfUOoss 11»«. < »%
I»»O»e Talletn 7M3r
COAST UITI^IO^ (5arr4>w tiaaseL
, . : >-¦. (Foot cf M»rk»t Street. >
~ »ila» Ne»»rt.O«*orTUIe..S»oJo»<».rHlctj.
Doolderdeek.Sauta Crux »nd Way
fjUtiOBS •-"- •**»»
t«i I »r Sewsik. C«u!«rti:!e. San Jo**, »•• : ,
Aloudao. W^ten. JlooUe* Creek.
8uu Ci«x and l'rincipal W»i
SAUona liajt»a.»
4<19p Newark, »«n Joao, LcsGatoa »:so»
«9: JOr Uaotaf*" Exeanifia, Saa Jos« aad
\T»ySt»dona ¦*. !?!»»?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ma 111 riUCUQ)— fnt «? twxit SjiitiJ:» J 1 —
KM 9:00 ll*0».ll. 1^3 J:M %&'¦*¦
rr.ucamj— 7»»i»rsr»»i»tj.— ruca t->eo ta^s
1'OIST DITIMO^ (Bread UaazeV
(Talrd »f d Taw memi S ta. )
t«:l«t Oeaaa Vww, dqata "nZn Wnaeitea.. fu>a«r
7i«Oi M»:l J<»» »-"» W«» Sucli.li* tS«W
Abatdea We»Siie<4»r$oii!y) I***r
»¦««* S»ii Jomt. Tres Hiios. Haiita Ctm.
TmeiCc Crote. Vhtn Kob:e«. 8aa
Trfiia OUinoo. limit. Lompoc aad
ri)i«e»p*l W»rSl*SIon«_ -4il»»
!•!«•• Eaa Jom snd W»f StsUons. J'?**
1 1>10* San Jo«s »aJ Tf ay Statlows ....... Oi3»f
f»> tir Saa Mjl-.-o. Kadwood. Meelo Park,
P»:o Alto, saata Clan. San Jom.
Tna Pbioa. Smuts Cru*. SmUnaa.
Mootcray aad radSa Grow *¦•«*• *•
fSiS»f Saa Jose *ud Way Suttous ........ • j3»p
MHSpSaaJoasaiidPrlndpaiWayStattoM »:«*
1 5:00r Saa Joae. Loa Gate* aad Principal _
WmjasaUona «•:••»
StSOr Saa Jose and Principal W»» Statkas Js*»»
«:3or 5*n Jc«i3>i W»yStatIoaa *i s !It*
gll;43r Saa Jose and Way Stations *i3»r
AferMontei- F 'tot Afternoon.
t«»»«u»Meepted. tiwilay— ar.
f Sfssdays. Wedaesdajs, IMsays.
e Tittd% jx Thn»2a7*. daui»j>
Ainisxdxr eai].
CALlFOaSU NOSTfiVESTEKS W. CO.
SAH FHANCiSCO AND NOnTH PACIFIC-
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
*>an Francisco to San Rafael.
TTBtTROX FEitRT— FOOT O7 MARKFT ST.
TVEiiK DATS— 7:30. 1*0. U:C0 a. m.; 13:33. t.30.
tot. 130 a. m. Tnorsdars—Extn trt? at U J8
p. ta. Saturdays— Extra trla* at 1:50 aad
U:IO o. m.
SUXDAT5-4*). *:3% 11:90 a. in. : 1:*5. 1:M. SM.
«:» p. m. s
San Rafael to Saa Francisco.
WEEK D.KXA-i.VD. VM. t.ZO. U:13 a. ra.; 12: 41
• :?«. S:U p. m. SatBrdays— Extra trJ;a at lii
and t-JSi p. m.
SUNDAIS— «:». 1:4-3. 12:3» a. m.; 1:«. »:», i.-oa»
l:» p. m.
Between £aa Francisco aad Sc&oetiea Park.
¦am* schedule aa above.
¦ Le*-r» j Ia KSact I Arrt**
Eaa Francisco. \ Not. T. lm | Saa Francisco.
Week I Sua- I I Sua- I Week
Days. I days. I Destiaattea. 1 days. I Days.
tJtam IMaml NoTata. 10:40 am S:« a=o
I:J9 pm 9:30 aa Petalama. IrOS pm 19:S aa»
1:1a pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 1:35 pm 1:3 pm
Fnltcn.
f M mm Wladsor. U£ ta
Bealdsborg.
Lyttoa.
'> OyserTUJe.
ia»pm t.H»ta Clorerdala. t:S pm Igpn
1:»to| I Hoplaad I j
I «:*> ami and Cktah. | 7:33 pm| t:XX psk
7 JO am I n:Saai
S:00 am Gacraerflle. T JS pm
S J0 pm *:ts pm
1^9 ami S:00aa>[ Sonoma. I tOi ami s:*» aaa
and
t:V> pal C:90 pml Glea EI>-i. I (:0B pmf 1:23 pra
¦ I:» ass! I :» ta! 110:40 am lurJS am
t JO pral 1:00 pm| SebastopoL I T:3S pm] 0:S pm
Stages eoesect at Santa Rosa for Mirk West
Springs aad White Sulpha; Springs: at Paltaa
for Altrarla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
GeyscrrQ}* for Skaggs Esrtngs: at Clov»nl»!-»
for th* - Geysers: at Hoplaxtd for Dancaa
Eprtags. Hlsbland Sprlsr*. Kelserrnie. Carls-
tad Strings, Soda Bar. Lakepcrt a=d Bartlett
t prints; at TJlclah for Vichy Spring. Sartior^
Eprlags. Btaa» Lakes. Lanre! Dell Lake. Witter
Spring*. Upper Lak«. Pono. Potter Val!«y.
Jcta Dij"». Rl-»erside. L4ertey*«. Boekc^U'^
Saahedrl& Heights. HallTllle.Orr*s Hot Springs.
Mesdodso City. Fort Brass, Westpcrt. Ussi.
Wllletta, Lay:c3Ti;>. (Tammlnzs. BeU's Spriagx
Harris. Olaens, Dyer. Scotia and Eoreka. -
6atartfay to Mooday rooad-txl> tlckata at r»>
ducsd rates. ,
On Sunday*, rensd-tri? tickets ta an potat»
beyosd 8*^ Rafael at hatf rates.
Ticket otflc*. CO Market st.. Chronfei* boOi.
tot. R- 3C RTAJf.
U. C WH1TINO. G#a- Paaa. Agt.
Cec Uaaafer.
MOUNT TAMALPA1S RAILWAY
LeaTes Saa Francisco, tU Sassallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...3:15 a. m.; 1:45 aad «:S3 p. m.
SCNDATS S:00. 19:99. WJO aad 1:1* p. =.
Far*. Saa Francisco to Sc=ilt aad ratara.
H 43.
KEW TAVERN* OF TAif ALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
Ticket #»ff r»« *5t \f»rV»f «f.. RanwH'n W*rrr.
/^^k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M~^J&k CU9 KE.4R.W ST. &!AO^sho«I
K*«»f»"Val.i s54 for the tr«»tn*nt of Pr(T»M
Efl f\. *3f W<mw% I>wt Minoo«»l D-hiiUr or
11 '**'" "rearlns-nn hodjaod aUnd and
w»KH®THB(l^ii3 Disposes. The rx«a>reares'"'ii''a
fai:. Try him. Charj»3 low.
iifili'' * * CaMorwrira.
Dr. JT. S*. VIBBOA, Sia Francisco, CaL _
YHi S«usolKo F«rry.
Commeaclng September W. ISQQ.
FROM HAN *™™*gj™> VALLSx
EXTRA TRTPS-For Mill Valley aad Saa
Rafael ca Mondays. Wedaesdays aad 8at-
crdays at J.CO and 11:13 p. m. ¦ • .
8TXDATS-»I». »l»rt«. *U» a. aa^ nrn
JUS. «4:4S. «:»t »*• P. m.
Trains marked (*> roa to Eaa Qaeatia. -
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCUCO.
WEEK DAYS-«». H'M. I.O. »M a. m,
•11:20. 1:45. -2^0. 4 Ja. «:» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays. Wedoe*iay»
asd Saturdays at <:45 aad ttr» p. m.
BUNt>ATS-«a9. t:». WM. «U:O a. ofc.
•1:40. »z:15. 4:ft ia p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from Saa Qoentta.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN CISCO.
WEEK DATS— i:*5. «:45. JtO. »:» a. at.
lJ'SS. t:iO. l:3O, 4:54, 6^» P-.m.
EXTRA TRIPS ca MoadaTj, WedassdarJ
and Saturdays at 7:19 and 10:29 p. ra.
SUNDATE— tSlS. 10:CS a. ns.. li:fti. 103. S3Sl
£-00. 4>:45 P> m.
THROUGH TRAIN3L
1:3 a. m. week days— Caxidero aad way
gtatiocs. ¦
l:4S p. m. Earnrdays— Temalea aad way
¦tatlons.
S:CO a. so. Soodaya— Tsmalaa aad way
Stations.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Lear* Market-Street Terrs Depot
Local Ltm'd Orri'd Local
¦:''j\ \-vv DaUy. Daily. Dally. Dally.
Lt. San Fran. 7:»* >.«t IM p 4:»j».
Ar. Steektoa . 10:3 a U:ti a U.CS p 7 JS ?
" Merced .. :J:IS p 1:17 9 2:15 a
** Freaao ... I:» p I:» p 1^5 a ..
** Hanford . 4:21 p 1:37 p T;W a —
•' Vtsalia .. 4:10 p 4:14 p 4:45 a ........
" Tola-e ... 4-i7p 4:17 p l:« a
" Bksfifld . l«p S:2sp 7:U s>
" Kan. City »:4I a T:30 a .^
~ Chlcaxo 1 J3 p t^4>p — ..
a fcr morslsr. p for afternoon.
• :M a. tn. train Is the California Lfmltfrl
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars thrcogh to Chicago. Chair Car roas
te BakersCeld for accommodation of local
first class passecgers. No second cIiai
tickets are honored oa th!s train. Car-
respending train arrives at 5:55 p. ra. oaily.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Cotrcapaad-
tcg train arrives 11:05 a. tn. daOy.
|M p. m. Is the Overland Express, wtta
through Pslace and Toorist 81»eper« aai
tree Reclining Chair- Car, also Pa!ac«
Eleeper. which cttta oat at Fresco. I Cor-
responding train arrive* at f :S5 p. m. dairy.
7:13 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, steppta*
at all points In Saa Jeaqtfn VaUer. Ccr-
respocdlng train arriTes at S:40 a. m. daily.
Offices— «41 Market street and la Ferry-
Depot. San Francisco; 1111 Broadway. Oak-
land.
ROOMS A3TD BOARD TVAXTED.
yot'XG man with good references de*lres
sannyrooas and J meals in refined family;
state terms. Box 1*33. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
FREE clinks for the deservinr poor will re-
open Feb. 1 at the Pacific Coast Regular Col-
leee of Medicine. SIS Howard St.. near
Fourth.
BAD tenants ejected for «; collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery st.. rooms »-!»: tel.' B580.";
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly CalL
16 pares. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per yet..
SEWING MACHINES A5D SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought. soM and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1S15 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds Bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phene Black 1124. JOS 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
Fhnttles: reaaeed rates. 14« «th: phene Mint 5.
STORAGE AJTD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH fctorage and Moving, Co.;
ofBre. Poat and Powtll ets.; teL Main K13.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South TC
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission su:
tel. Main 1S43: shipping st cut rates.
TELEPHONES.
TELEPHONES, house or private tines, $4 10 a
set: electrical work Installed. 1538 Pt. Lobes.
! TVPEWH1TERS AXD SLTVLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN 'tTPEWrTtER?- ff«
sell better marhlnes for lesa money than any
bouse j n the city; rentals, tl. The Typewriter
Exchange. 538 Calif omit: telephone Mala 2W.
DIVIDEND .NOTICES.
DIVIDE^fD" Notlce^Dividend No?~^lS ' (nfty
cents per chare) of the Oceanic Steamship
Conpanj^ ¦will be payable at the office of
the ccrr.pany. 2T7 Market st., on and after
Friday, February 1, 1S01. Transfer books will
close on Saturday. January 26. lfr* 1 !. at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, San Francisco, January 21. 1SS1—
At a regular meeting cf the beard of direc-
tors of this company, held this day. a divi-
dend was declared payable on and after
Jannary 22, 1SC1.
LOUIS •WEINMANS'. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and EQuipage, De-
pot Quartermaster's . Office, SS New Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco, Cal.. January 19.
1301— Sealed proposals, la triplicate, will be
received at this office until 10 o'clock a. ia..
Friday. February S. 1901. Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Wool-
en Blankets, Drab Campaign Hats, Black
oak and chrome tanned Calfskin Shoes, Rns-
eet Shoes. Nainsook Undershirts, Nainsook
Drawers and Chambray Shirts. Quantities to
be subject to an Uicrease of 23 per cent if
desired by this Department. Unguaranteed
bids and bids upon samples differing from
standards and specifications, will under no
circumstances be considered; proposals for
less quantities than ¦ advertised for will be
entertained. Bids will fee opened for the de-
livery cf the same articles at either the Ean
Francisco. Boston, Chicago ar.d Philadelphia
Depots, but none will be given consideration
for Inspection or delivery at other points
than those named above. Early deliveries
are- essential. The rate and time of deliv-
ery must be stated by bidders In their pro-
posals, and no proposition should be made
which Uiey are not positive that they can
absolutely fulfill. Preference will be given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and Quality be-
ing equal Ondndlng in the price of foreign
production and manufacture the duty there-
es), and Rich preference will be given to ar-
ticles of American production and manufac-
ture produced oa the Pacific Coast, to the ex-
tent of the consumption required by the pub-
lic service there. The United States reserves
the right to accept or re>ect any or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Information and
blanks for proposals will b« furnished on
application. Envelopes containing proposals
will b* indorsed "Proposals No. 463." and
addressed to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG.
' Quartermaster. U. S. Vols., Depot Quarter-
master.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.. January ». l»n.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. February
21, 1>H. and then opened, for construction of
a building fer chapel and reading-room at
the Presidio of San Francisco. Cal. Govern-
ment reserves right to reject or accept any
or all bids In whele or In part. Preference
given to articles of domestic production, con-
ditions of price and quality (Including In
the price of foreign productions the duty
tbereon) being, e<ruaL and such ~ preference
given to articles of American production pro-
duced on the Paciflc Coast, to extent of con-
sumption required by the public service there.
Information furnished on application to J.
M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartenaaater Gen-
eral^ .
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Tfce following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Hamilton S. Elliott, 23, 760 Harrison street,
and Lillian E. Hewlett. 24. 30 Rlncon place
Joseph I. Hcgan. 2S. 913 Halght street, and
Theresa Klerce. 21. 1?2 Ncg; street.
Stanley L. Hall, ?3, city, and Ella Larson.
24, St. Pe*»rs,* M!nn.
Willis m C. Morgan, !4, 19 Folsom avenue
and Millie Murray, 3*. 10 Folsom avenu-.
Sydney L Plant. 30. SOS O-Farrell street,
and Minnie E. Hanley. SI. 923ij Mission street.
Alexander R. McDonald, 22. city, aad Annie
F. Furionr. 22, 213 Day street.
Gabriel Sutter. 2e. £4» Clay street, and Sara-
phlna Heger. 36. Calisnte. Cal.
Pierre Loostaunou. 27. 51S Jackson street,
and Marcella &cude, 19. 19 Tehama street.
Arthur P. Herbert. 45, Collma. Mexico, and
Sofrenie M. Perry. 23. Colima. Mexico.
, Frederic* ~W. Hellberg. ST. city, and Lucy
S. Warrlck. 34. Giassboro. N. J.
Silvio H. Cheda. 30. San Rafael, and Al-
bmina J. Wahle, 24. city.
,. Andro Lundin. 28. 15 Mary street, and Au-
gusta Jobnson. 2«. 2110 Green street.
Giuseppe Capri. 3S, Camp Taylor, and Maria
Gjdll. 22. Camp Taylor.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS, "
Birth, inarriaee and death notices cent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be' handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name aad residence of per-
sons authorized to have the tame published.
BORN.
KICHrOWER-In this city. January IT. 1SC1.
to toe wife of Charles Hlghtower. a daugh-
ter.
KL5JISER— In this ctty, January 18, 13CL to
th* wife of Qr. Gecrge W. Klelser. a son.
KNELL— In this cltr. January 16, 1901. to the
wife of Frederick G.. Knell, a son.
LANDECKER-In this city. January ZL U01,
to the wife of Hugo Landecker. a daughter.
MARRIED.
COLEMAK-MICHAELS— In this city. Jana-
ary tl. 1»1. by the Rev. Hyman Samuelson,
Morris Coleman of Oakland and Pauline
Michaels of San Francisco.
ISAACS— ADELBOX- In this dty. January to.
1901. by the Rer. Hymaa Eamuelson. Wil-
liam Isaacs and Minnie Adelson, both cf
fean Francisco. - ¦. _ .
DIED.
Abratns. Melville S. Hahne. Babettt
Bachelder. Hiram Howard. Paul Z.
Becherer. Charles F. King. EUa J.
Bolcoff. Omedeo Kirkwood. Wm. J.
Bo wen. Thomas W. Live. Eleanor
Cannon. Ellen Lyons, James M.
Cosio. Ellbcrto McManu; . Wm. H.
Cruden. George E. Moore. William -
Dale. Albert Mumhr, Eugene
Delaney, Josephine Nykllcek. Gen«vtev»
Driseotl. Jeremiah O*Dea, Patrick 1
Driscoll. Michael ' Qslnn. Patrick
Echererrla. Carlos Rellly, Matthew W.
Kgan. Mary E. . Smith. J&mes W.
Elphick. Mrs. Sarah Sullivan. Cathrlne
Enestroin. Peter Taylor. George F.
Fleres. Mariannlna Thorfest. Fred
Fcx. Thomas Werner. Catherine
Furey. William Weir. Katie
Gibbons. M!»s Mary Wensinger. Frances
Gilbert. Christopher^
! ABRAMS-In this dty, January il. 1S0L Mel-
vtfle S.. beloved son of Louisa Abrams, and
the late Samuel Abrams. a native of San
Francisco, aged 33 years and 23 days.
t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at z o'clock, from ; the family
residence. 12J2 Post street. Cremation - Odd
yellow** Cemetery. ' Please omit flowers. -
BACHEI.UER- In Oakland.' at Fabiola Hospi-
tal. Hiram Bachelaer.* a native" of" New
Hampshire, azrd 6J years and i months. ¦
BECHERER— In this dty. January 20. l*)l.
Charles P.. . htuband of the : late • EmiHe
B«cherer. and brother-in-law of August and
Albert Mack, a native of Braanc cbweic
Germany, aged T5 years. , .
E7Friends and acquaintances , are respect-
fully Invtted to attend the : funeral . this day
iWednesdnjr). - at 2 o'clock, from the I funeral
perlors of Dunker & Lunt. WSS Mission street
Mission Masonic Temple. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
BOIXXJFF— In Minbrae. Cal..* January TU "1901.
Omedeo Bolcon!. beloved husband - of Maria
C Bcrlcoff. and father of Mrs. Mary Guters-
loh and Mrs. Ermia Paterson. a - native of
California, aged *4 , years 9 months and 20
days.- . . : . ¦¦¦... ,.¦¦¦--.,¦..;- -
C7Friends and acaualntar.ceti are respect-
fully Invited- to attend tie funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 12 o'clock." from MUlbrae.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. -.
BOWEN— In Oakland. January ».' 1SW. Thomas
W.. beloved husband of Mary E. Bowen. and
father • of • M. • I.ul-J. Lottie : EJ.. ' Daisy. V.' E.
and the late Thomas J.-.D. Bowen,- a* native
of Chester, N., J.. aged 7J -.year* and <
menths. (Eastern and Nevada papers please
¦ cepy.> ' . ¦ ¦ ¦.-¦ .
C7Priends and acquaintances 'are respect-
REAL ESTATE- -CTTT — FOR HALE.
NORTH~or the Pl»"k~and not far ont, choice
lots; graded; ready for building; streets
graded, raacadanilzed and sewered; electric-
ity, gas and water ready to turn on: cable
cars vms !n front every few minutes: also
the G*ary-et. cars within 24- 1 ) feet; three.
frontages to select from; north side A St..
west side Sixth ave.. east side Seventh ave.;
sires 25x100 and 25x13): the ctatapest lots In
the city. Think of it! J«3 to J3«0 each:
fasy .payments; first installment $*; about
six years ago these lots were appraised In
the Probate Court at $300 each; purchasers
can have u*» of abstract of title prepared
by Flrcp*on * Millar; no expense for de*<5»,
contracts of Fale or notary fees: any sav-
ings bank will lend a large portion of the
purchase money; they are the cream of
i Richmond property; th» attention of bnlld-
ejS. contractor* and cirpmler* t» called to
these lots because they are choice, well lo-
cated. ea*y of access and very ch«*ap; houses
would sell long before they wert finished; to
those under salaries who have ambition to
live In th»tr own home and save nwn«r the
opportunity is oSered. W. J. Gl'NN. 630
California st.,' between Montgomery and
Kearny.
IV you have property north of the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then call ca W. J.
GUNN. SS> California st.
FOR Sale— An exceptional bargain tn that ele-
I gant NVroom up-to-date residence. 773 Co!e
I *t • new- elecantly flecorateJ: open dally.
* — '^^ — ¦ *^ ~"—™— "^^^»
UKAL ESTATE — COU.\TRY — For Sale
A "5N\P" Peculiar circumstances cause own-
er to eacrlSce at half actual value 72V4 acres
(might mibJivlde) very best land and location
tn the "lively Nape Valley." adjoining R- R-
station, near Napa City and steamer landing,
within free mail delivery: all highly cultivat-
ed level loem. now tn crop; not Inch «f waste;
une<;'L'sl»<5 for fralt. vines, corn, lovely home:
¦ hs» rented for I10 a?re: offered for J6fl; could
I net bur a. ii lining land for l*as than JIM.
RKilEXBF.R— I am ae<rurately acquainted
j wi-h mcr» country vreperty for sale and ex-
chance tr.an all ether agents in S. F.; 3CT0
rar.cn** en rr.r list. State what's wanted
I sid ret r»ltab!e descriptions of bargains.
N. P. FICKELS. the Land Agent, e Geary st.
| mT^TrIFFIN. Tl» Market St.. sells and ex-
i rtsarees rtty ar.d ciantry realty; printed
} :;?t»; S.~rw>rr.a. Santa Clara, Shasta and »•.:•.
j other counties.
I J5 AN acre. 1» acres, deeded homestead: clear
creek land, for vegetables; Coos Co.. Oregon.
M. GRIFFIN. 71* Market, nr. Call building.
i FOR rent — Profitable frolt and hay raa<?h. near
i city; rash cr share*. D. S.. box 1333. Call.
WRITE J. H\ HORN. S12 Main. Petaluma. for
fre* copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargain*.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
TO EXCHANGE— Two (Zi choice building lots
tn Oakland for Tacoma or Seattle propert-v.
C P. CURTIS5, 11(H PadSc ave., Tacomit.
"Wash.
I .i . _
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A1.AMKDA ROOMS A.VD BOARD.
I WE effer elegant e«!te cf rooms and board In
select private home In Alamo,!* to refined
I ccuple: references required. Pox 3O. CalL
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
! 5-ROOMED bay-wiadow cottage, bath; mantle,
fine well, tank and windmill; lot 4Cxl3S; 8
minutes' walk to station: this place cost
$2200; owner going away; win sell for S1500;
J250 cash, balance J15 monthly: now is your
chance to buy a fine horns cheap and pay for
same as rent. OELLERICH & PERKINS.
NEW 4-rootn bay-window cottage: hall. bath,
large pantry, high basement; electric wired:
right up to date; right at railroad depot and
electric cars, etcres. churches and schools;
flae well, tack and frame; lot 60x100; this
is cheap; going at {1600; terras to suit;
Berkeley train, g«t. off at Lortn station.
OELLERICH <k PERKINS.
5-ROOM cettare, tank and windmill on r"5ed
lot: en paved street: In good order; only
moft. MAY & MORTIMER. 213 Center st.
IVrtceleT.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAAD rrRMTinn FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
fgrclture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
* ROOMS FOR UOISEKCKPIXG.
ALTON. 204 McAllister— Sccny front^^ulte;
also sunny front . suit« for housekeeping. $25.
I II. I .MORE. CIS. near Hayes — 3 bouaefc«*plng
room*, fumiched >. .etc; cheap; rernei
family. "."^ : a
HTDE. 41!>— Sunny front alcove suite, com-
plete for housekeeping : no children.
JESSIE. SO, near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms. 14 and IS: housekeeping, J}.
GLEN PARK ave.. 5. off 12th and Mission—
3 furnished cl-aa sunny rooajs; closet.
LARKIN. c:j— ; sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping. }1S per month.
MARKET. VSA. cpp. 10th— Large front sunny
alcove. 110; also alcove eulte, JT.
MCALLISTER. SCT— 2 pleasant bay-window
rocsis. stove, bath, 114 mosta; no children.
i MINNA. 172 — Changed hands: newly renovated;
! suite of rooms for housekeeping ; folding bed;
running water, stove snd laundry.
| MINNA. 227. bet. Id and 4th (New Tork House)
—Single, doubt* and bou*eke^ping rooms.
MISSION, 17354. near Thirteenth— J sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms ; bath; laua-
dry; ti.
2 LARGE sunny front rooms furnished com*
pl*te for housekeeping: rent f2 Sd per week;
also single front rooms, tl per we«>k np. Ap-
ply shoe store, Z6Z Mlnrion St., bet. 1st. and
id »te.
OCTAVIA, 1*5S, cor. Geary— Large furairned
bay window, mantle, Welsbacfc, kitchen, op-
tional.
POLK. £22— Desirable unTarnished and fur-
nisbed .'ooss. '.-: ... .-" j
VAN XESS ave., 1451 tad 1403. NW. cor Bosh
— Eletant ssiiajr euites and apartments for
hcusHEeeping: private baths: telephone; elec-
tric light* : son all day: gms ranges; running
water In every room; will be arranged, clean- I
ed. ralnted end cewly fnraithed to *T:lt.
ROOMS TO LET — Farxt. and Iniorn.
ThLBORN IIOTElT »l Grant ave.— Best dol-
tar a day family hotel In elty; polite attend-
ftnee: larfe rooms: modern conveniences;
room* 3k: up: first -class meals 25c; free ccacfl.
A— BRVNSWICK I louse. 1U Sixth— Rooms S5<s
to Jl rer night; |1 2i to J5 per week.' and light
housegegytsg; open ill nlgttt. ¦
EITRNETT. 142S Market (eld No. US4>— Fur-
cighgd rs:».. «nltes. single; also unfurnished.
EUSJI. ST« (Tt* Eik)— Nicely furnished tunny
rgj; cay tic op; wk. $1 £» op. Mrs. P. Rantt.
EDDT. C5T— Front bay- window asd side rooms;
with er wltfcoBt board.
GF.ART. 405(The Navarre)— Elegantly famished
ras; rdtej cr single; travelers accomaodated.
GOLDESC GATE ave.. 4-^— Partcr floor of 4
targe, partry farnlthed . room*.
GRAND SOUTHERN, scntheast corner Sereuta
and MlssJoa sts.— Sunny rooicf. en ttiltt er
tingle: ladles' parlor; readlng-rocm; elevator.
LAS J» ALMAS. 1ST9 Market st— Saite of 2 or 1
rgs; private; bath; sin, nas; board optional.
LEWIS p^ce. !&. cflt Taylcr. near Post-Fur-
nisfeed and enfarntshed rcoms to let- slrele
or en *clte.
MINNA, 172-Cha=ged hacas: newly renovated;
single cr double rooxs, Jt 5 np.
MINNA. PH. corner Eighth— Newly famished
bay-window room; tl per week: transient.
MISSION, *»-Frcr.t room with folding bed
and kitchen. fcr housekeeping; cheap.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1815 Market st —Nicely
furnished rooms, g a week np; Me a day «p.
O'PARRELL. K>— Sonny furnished rooms and
offices ; elevator; electric llghta; day. wk.. mo.
PINE. SS14. near Broderlck— Nicely furnished
eunny frcnt room, with bath. $S.
EOSEDALE Ucuse. JU-S21 Ellis it.-Rooms
cltbt. Sc to »; week, tl 2S to »; opea night.
ROYAL House, Hi Kills st. — Incaadescent Ilrht-
fiilcr-roon. n» king -room and ladies' par£
Iw; rocme. per night. 35c to Jl 58: week. S3 W*
t': ia.cr.th, J? to !J3: elevator oa srour.d door;
rooms with hct acd cold water; baths.
CHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eichth st,
cear Uarket — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH. 8CC near Castro— A nice runny
tarnished rocm: near csrg; rent IS.
SITTER. J20U — Chanred hands; newly reno-
v»txl: »ln<rtg room*. 1?: suites. $Q to S2S mo.
ROOMS AAD HOARD.
AT tbe old Ete-renson mansion, cpp. Grace
Church, wtta . annex SP7 California St.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive ar.d sightly rooms at modest rates.
ELEGANTLY ' and newly furnished sonny
apartments with cr -without beard; etilnln*
unexcelled. I11S4 Broadway, comer Twelfth
St.. top Coor; MRS. M. C. ROBIXSOX. Prop.
ROOMS and board; prises reasonable. 415
First st. - , - • -¦:¦•
REAL ESTATE— CITY FOR SALE. I
bTl! '^VIN *: HOWELU ~ ""
1« Monti-emery rtreet.-
$;;.:..-¦'— Lsjruna tt. near Gclden Gate ave.: let
SCx^7:«; 3 fiats; rents 135.
U CtV— Tehaitj. 6t.; rents S4C; lot TSxSI
;_ —seventh st. near Mtsaion; 100 feet front-
ipe; frame improvements; rests $123;
cr»r new Postoffice.
!¦:—•'¦' rr.*r Second and EUver ave.; lc-t
.^io: 2-story bouse.
r -C-Rrats SS6; lot tCxTS; store and Cats en
Ritch st.
S 50»— Bnsa, near Howard; i ot JOxlOO; large
hcua*.
t::<—Kezi* SCS: Natorsa, near S!xtt; *f!«i-
c.3 Iir.prcveitieiits
S"^— Folsom. near Third; ftore and Cat;
rests »?). - - « j .
:'-'- r &>—l-<:t. ZZtZ; store and lodging house; halfj
., -*, ?, !o<;k rrora Firth and Market sts.
M..i0— Her.it $49; Brar.naa «_. near Thlr3;
.. ... iT* 1 " tetwws; lot ST^xIJT^.
V .-a fr-Twesty-fcvrth. near Sanchez: lot Six
- s.«rt_v ; , tw 9,C»t*: must be sold.
— i.e-ts C4^Ouerrcro et. : business prcp-
r-»«««; tV^' '1°*** and Cats; lot STr*7.
j-,5oO-Howard «. business corner, rents *X;
„„ K- CT * aE^
" i r i "-" r ** TI " f "U« st. badness corner, store
Shctwcu tt.; tptesdSA block: lot S>x
,, _-^ 122:6; hc«*e. driveway, stable, etc
fi-BOO— Eas}' terra; new cottage, 5 rooms and
„ _. bath; let -Ii;r^: aiissioa warm belt.
*. J -^*~- Dolores et.; nice o-ttage: lot 25xl«0.
* 1 ' 75 *' — Church tt.; big tarsaia; Souse. 6 rooms
««*, 55* b * til -
•«.«»— w afhlr^roa «., near^crser; two-stcry
... , trick tuil-li-^. near Hall cf Justice.
Ms.OOO— Setter «.; down town; rents J210; busl-
n*e« pr^^^rty.
H1.S0O— Rents Jir'j; business ccirrer en Wash-
t=rtca st.; trirk bun41=ir.
w^»— P^nts IV; Sacramento et.; dee loca-
tion; let C;it37.-€; five Cats.
»<.20&-— TlenTs i~ :-; best bargain yet: comer
etore and dwelling; <l<rwn tewn location.
Sacra rr.*::; to st.
J5S0— Cottige of tonr roc:=s. tear HyCe and
Vnion rts.
JS.T50— Rents SiZ: Pine St.. near Ta>"ior; fine
ioiati-s fcr f.ats.
tlT.5C*-rour large down town Satt; rests $143
r*r rccnth*; extra large lot; Powell St.;
fine view.
$:?.0O>— O Farrell. rear Jones: three Cats: pays
€ j*r cert cet-
flt.ECO— Kf^ts TV'-: let EUirr^: Montgomery.
Dear Jccksca: large three-story brick
m.E-^C— Lot McAllister St.. oppesite City
lla'I: frame teircvercents.
$r,K0— Rer.u JT-0; near Larkin and Ellis sts. :
larre let: frame Inrproveinents.
J«.SCO— Rects ta 50: very cheap; thres- Cau
• r.»ar Larklr. and Washingtcn sts.
j:4.SX— Burtsess rroperty on Laxkla et. ; three-
Etcry baOCtas.
n2.«»— Rents il2\.; near Jarkscn erJi Ketrr.y
ft». : thre*-Ftory brick.
n.SCC — Jcses St.. near UrJco; &arin« view;
house, elx roomj and bath.
H 4, COO— Jackson et.. near Hyde; three =ew Cats:
rer.ts f;:2 6*.
J:S.KC— Rect* Jin &8; three new £*u: Cai:for-
r.ia ana Jcs«s «•#
J^.000— Bu«h, ntar Powell; fcur-itory and base- i
rrect; rars well.
K.00O— Pierce, near Halgbt: nice two-story
house, seven rooms and bath.
SS,£GG— Marine view residence; Vailejo cear
Bacfcanan; let 4Cii2t:f.
*3.E00— Half cart: clce ccttage; Frederick St..
near A si: bury.
M.0C9— BroJerick s*_. rear Wash's^tce; cottage j
of six r - « and bath.
*li.CS6— Rdu UlC: Pacramenta, near I>vlsa-
Cero; l»t zzxlZ-.SH-
JTCCC*— gutter rt. corner, five houses: rests JIM; j
must be B-i'.i t3 close aa estate; large
!ct.
H4.0CO— Re=ts f::9: e!«gart new Cats opposite
Alamo Sc^are. Scott St.
niOCO— Octavia tt. ccmer. near Hslght; frame
:rr;"!^neraetJts; larre lot. j
J?.53C— M^Allirter rt.. near L&rsna; rests $S5; j
Irt 2T:£xl20 to rear rtreet.
JS.5C0— Lycn st.. near Hayes; thre* Cats;
rests ?5<?.
r.4 :X'-Thr"e Cits, Hayes St.; lot 33x127:6;
, rezt* »90.
JJ.OCO— Big bargain; two Cats; Haignt, near
eteu:er.
nr.COC— Rer.is fit): three-atary fraa# buIUla*.
st:re. etc.; Ha'.ght st. comer.
IH.OT Iteats *1CS; lot £SxlX; Bueh et. corner;
etore ard i.s.ts.
J12.SC0— P:st et.: let KxST:6; three hsuies;
dewa town.
K', 500— Herts ?U4: three Cats a=4 two-story
hcuse; 3>evisadero St.. near Geary.
C*,C?C — I-arg» business ccmer en FJUmcre et.;
frame iir.r/rrrveinests.
IX.80»— Beats Zd; Fultcn ft., near Octavia;
6a£h etc.
$E,OCC — Rents H2 50; two new Cats. Goldea
Gate ave.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
Kire chance for hece -build! rs aad
Investment seekers. .
Citicest building lots en very easy
payrae^ts: ca the H-street elec-
tric cars aad fronting Gcld-
en Gate Park acd -.he
new :.-:h-a-. *r.-»
boulevard.
Zs-i arl streets ca cfflclal grades;
rsacadara:z»*i; plank sidewalks,
gas >r.f! n:c: eerrtee.
Lew tnees — tocr=<l t3 Jncrea«e ia
value.
TOUR OWN TERMS. INTEREST
ONLY SIX PER CENT.
SSONET ADVANCED FOR BnLO-
1NO PUR.POSES.
Call at once at our branch offtc*
(opes week Cayc. Sundays aad hol-
liaj's>. comer H *tr**t and Sth ave-
r--». touth of Golden Gate Park.
end ask to be shewn these beautiful
lota. Full r/anicu:ars a=4 prlc«
lins also at n-ar office.
BALD-WIN A. HOWELL,
18 Montgomery street.
EASTON, ELDK.IDGE & CO ,
CS Market Street.
r>OTT?»TOWN INVESTMENT.
flO.^^-Eush St.. sear Tarlor; d^:b!e Crcntare;
r reseat rents t*3 j>er month.
ELI^JANT LTON-ST. FLATS.
¦
ITOM E *' ir elegant modem Cats of T and j
t rooms ard bath: recta JS« per annum; I
r-rs-r Ilaigtt tt-: lot Sxi'-« feet.
FOP.CZD SALE— ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
JT5Z-— Lerge elegast mc>Iera residence of 19
r-^sna »c3 bath; every modern irnprove-
-e=t: Fultcn st.; lot K^xl23 feet, back
to Ash ave.
_»., PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
r^vO— P.»E!« $S0S p*r annum; elegut modem
T^rcelaln tubs; frweoed dome c-fLicgE,
etc.; Aetburj" St.; XxlO€:3.
A GREAT BIO BARGAIN.
1^30— Rent* »«24 per annma; I Cue bay-win-
Ccwe-i fiats cf 5. 5. « rocca and bath:
MlSS* rt., near Nictn.
rnrcv elegant cottage.
!»»-« rociss aa2 bath; porcelain tab; tile
S;"f;. <v^- =Mera improvement;
clv\i*« 6 * C=Jr: lfrel lct: cios *- to 2
' NETT MODERN RICHaiOyp COTTAGE.
CCCO-Flre roc=f ana Uth ard tz^hti fca««-
Sc --hSfr^w &P- tUtd =an^l*.
«tc. fca-f cash, balance aa resit- half
fc*ock Sutter and Geary rts.; fSS
EASTCN. ELDRIDGE ft CO..
«, ; CS Market at.
CA£TON. ELDEDWE A CO..
«2S MARKET STREET
AUCTION'.
AUCTION.
1VUEDAT. January 2». 1901.
At 12 o'clock noon.
At Ocr Salesroom, d Market Street.
-fce * n ;~n PROBA TE PALES.
.vT 0 *.:.^-;^^ rreperty nmt be «old tn (low
l^* ?rV^ir^ 1 **- 1 ***"* 1 *° ** iMA **
XLNETEEXTH-6TREET TSXTSTUEXT.
¦ TWEXTT-FIPJbT-STREET FLATS
Estate cf Stanislaus *:royz=*ki De«i»^
5 Cats ef I and < rooms ana bath- J3-« -LwS^
rerw« J44 jwr month; let 23 €xX' ft wiae.
ivSTATE OF EDWIN L. HESS.' DECPjiepn
Undivided ore-half to^^twfSSK
ur.imprcved lets.: «u«»ic.
South aide Aldlna fforrsjerly Tyler* • *sa rt
«art of TTlUart rt.; lot 27x125 rZ *' SM ft "
Ea*t tide Thirteenth are., 2M TL north cf J
rt.; let Cxl» ft. TOrtB " J
EltANNAN-STREET IW"ESTME»-T
Estate ©f David Rey. Decea*edT
Xo. S3 Bracnaa ft., near Third: 4 flats of I
rocrs*; rents KZ per nsosth; lot JT:exl27€ ft
runriar back to Clarence place. " '
SOUTH PARK IZi VESTMENT
Estate of IMvtd Rey. Deceased.
. Noa. 114-n South Park, imr Third st.- 3-
•tcry brick building containing J flats cf f
.roc=:s ani fciUx: tlwwa rented fcr «3; ror.-i n r
tack ta r*=r etrcet. *
PO-CTOLI^STREET CORNER.
Estate cf Mary Dalley. Deceased.
Scuth#£Ft enrner Pacific and Powell ere.; 3-
rtory as^J baseniert tmlldisr. cor.taisiair a
ttcre* a=i lod^iKj- horse of 1$ rooms; rents JM
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
Northwest corner iXa «21) Aelibary and Pare
. rta.; large eleeajit corcer residence cf 7 rooms
tad tath: lot ft.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOTS.
East Bide Eighteenth ave.; Tl ft. north of
CfDratn.: 2 Ict». 23x12* each-
SEVENTEENTH-STREET FLATS.
r»oe. C£*-.« Seventeenth «.. near Gnerrero;
2 modem fiats cf z scd < roonai and bath: rents '
JO rer ccsth: J3xir5:S ft *- * *¦;.-¦
FORECLOSURE EALE.
Lots 2-3-»-5-«. block 14. West End Map No. 2
Nearly S acres cf land; dote to electric cars."
Further rartlcoTars and catalogues «f eale at
EAgTCOC. - ELDRIDGE A CO..
CS llsrket ctreet.
fully invited to attend the funeral services
' this day CWedcesday). at 2 o'alock. at' his
late residence. 315 Fifth street, under the
auspices of Live Oak Lodge No. 61. F. - and
A. il. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
CANNON— In this city. January 22, 19C1: Ellen,
dearly beloved daughter of " Thomas ¦ and
Kllen Cannon, and sister of "John -P.. James
L., Elizabeth G. and the late John F. Can- ;
non, a native of San Francisco, aged 13 years
and s months.
r ; EyKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to" attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents. 107 Sanchez street.
. thence to" Mission Dolores Church. Sixteenth
and Dolores streets, where a solemn requiem
hlrh mass will be celebrated ' for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. . Inter-
ment Holy Crc?s Cemetery.
COi?IO— In this city. January. SL 1301. Sll-
burto. dearly beloved husband ef Refuiglo
Oslo, and father of Lldia and Sllburto
Coslo and Mrs. Laura Itodrigues. a native ol
, Me.xlco, aged 4S years 2 months and T days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atter.d the funeral thta day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 41S Filbert street, between Dup<jnt and
Kearny. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CRUDEN— In this city. January 22. ISOt
George E., husband of the late Mary Cruden.
and father of Annie. John. James. Thomas.
George and Bessie Cruden. a native ©f Aber-
deen. Scotland, aged 4T years 9 months and 9
daj-s. . j-i'j
DALE — In West Berkeley. January 52. 1901. '
Albert, beloved son of Altert C. and Annie J
Dale, a native of San Francisco, aged 5
year*.
DELAXET-Ia this ctty. January 21. 1901. Xo-
eephine, beloved wife of .Nicholas Delaney.
and .nother of Nicholas A.. > William J..
Mathew D., Marguerite, • Frances, Thomas F..
Josephine and Louts E. Delaney. a native of
Rochester. N. T., aged 59 years and 7
menths. (Philadelphia papers please copy.)
C7Trlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this daj
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, frcm her late resi-
dence. 226 Page street, between Octavia and
Lacuna, th-jnee to Sacred Heart Church.
. Fell and Fillmore streets, where a solemn
requiem high mass will b* ceV-brated for tbe
reoo=e of her souL commencing at *:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
DRISCOLL— In this city. January 22.' 1901.
Jeremiah Driscoll, beloved brother of Mrs.
Hannah Sehram and Mrs. E. Madden* a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 5S years.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, !<J Hickory avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner of FlUmcre and Fell
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
DRISCOLL— In this dty. - January JL 13CL
Michael, beloved husband of Mary Driscoll,
and brother cf Daniel Driscoll. Mrs. T.
Hurlev and the late Patrick Driscoll. a na-
tive ef Valencia. County Kerry. Ireland, aged
ti years and 3 months.
C7"Remains at the parlors c5 J. C O'Con-
nor & Co., TB7 Mission street. <* Notice of
funeral hereafter.
ECHEVERRIA— Entered into rest at his home
ir» Warm Springs, January "21. " 1S01. Carlo*.
. dearly beloved husband of Tgnacta R. Eche.
verria. brother cf J. Echeverria, and loving
father of Mr*. E. P. Shaddick. Mrs. W. J.
Cansdale and Angle. Loretta, Lutle and Do-
lores Echeverria, a native of Sonora. Mex-
ico, aged 75 years and 2 months.
EOAN— In this city. January 21, 1901. at her
home, 4-XJ Octavia street, Mary Ellen Esran.
mother of John G.. Nellie. Annie and Mar-
tin J. Etmn and Mrs. Emma Cadwell. Mrs.
Frances Breslln. Mrs. Katherlne Gettlngs
and Mrs. Alice Wood, aced S« years and 10
months.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from Sacred
Heart Church. Fell and Fillmore streets,
where a requiem high mm will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
ELPHICK-In Petaluma. January 19. 1301. Mrs.
Sarah Elrhlek. eate«ne« wife of Thomas
Elphick. and beloved mother of Mrs. George
T. Whitley and Mrs. W. J. Morris of Sui-
sun City. J. F. and T. R. Elphick of Peta-
luma and the late Mrs. T. V. Barney and
A. F- Elphick. a native of Pennsylvania.
nsr-1 7> year* 11 months and 14 days.
ENESTROM— In this city. January il. 1301,
Peter Eneftrcm. beloved brother of Mrs.
Maria Soderberg. a native cf Sweden, aged tt
years ! months and 36 day*.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day ¦
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the fu-
neral parler* of Porter & White. 125 Eddy
, streets Members cf Cpurt Golden State No.
12. F. of A., and the Painters' Union No. 1
are Invited to attend. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
FLERES— In this city. Jannary 20. 1901. Mari-
annlna, beloved wife of Antonio Fleres, and
mother of Mrs. T. Mollnelli. Mrs. S. Chla-
rlnl. Mrs. F. Powers and John Fleres, a na-
tive of Palermo, Italy, aged 72 years and 6
months.
CU'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her lat» resi-
dence, 4S0 Halght street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery-, by electric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
FOX— In' this city. January 20." 1901. Thomas
Fox. a native of New . York, aged 60 years.
•¦ CTFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
- (Wednesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the par-
¦ lora of J. C. O'Connor A Co.. 7«7 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
sen-ices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
11:40 trains from Third and Townsend streets.
FURET— In this city. January 29. 1901. Wll-
Ham. belov»d brother- of John Furey of Mill
Valley. Cal., a native of Ireland, aged 72
years.
ETFrlendii and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attrad the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 13& o'clock, from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co., 1133 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth., thecce to St. Pe-
ter's Church fcr services at 11:13 o'clock. In-
terment Ho!y Cross Cemetery.
GIBBONS— In this city. January 22. 1»L Miss
' Mary Ann. daughter of the late Captain F.
W. and Marjaret Gibbons, and loving sister
cf Miss Winefred Gibbons, a native of Cleve-
land. Ohio.
GILBERT— In this city. January 22. 1901.
Christopher Joseph, beloved husband of the
late Mary Ann Gilbert, father of James.
Rose M.. Andrew C. and Manruerite Gilbert,
and brother cf Victor and Joreph Gilbert, a
native of New Orleans, aged £3 y«ars 1
month and 16 days. A member of Lodge No.
25 at Boilermakers and Iron Ehlt>bullders of
America, and late a member of Engine Com-
pany No. 4. Volunteer Fire Department.
tl^"f"ri«nci« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 22 Croke street, off Mission road, be-
tween Five and Six Mile House, thence to St.
John's Church (Old' St. Mary's College) for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAHNE— In this dty, January 21. 130L Ba-
bette Hahne, beloved mother of Augusta
Hahite and Mrs. W. D. Shea, a native of
Germany, aged 73 vears and 2 months.
E^TFrleniis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resl-
denc-i 1324 California street. . Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
HOWARJ>— In this city. January 22. 1361. Paul
Z. Howard, a native of Paris. France, aged
' 61 years. (Inyo County papers please copy.)
KING— In this city.- January 22 1901. Ella J..
twloved wife of Camercn H. King, mother of
Jenet. George C. Cameron H. and Lochiel
. M. Klnr. and sister of Maud E. Clock, a
native of St. Helena, Cal.. aged 37 years and
2 months.
E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. «24 Guerrero street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
KIRKWOOD— In this dty. January 21, 13CL
William J. Kirkwood. a native of Pennsyl-
vania, aged 47 years.
CTRemalns at mortuary chapel of Golden
Gate Undertaking Company, 243 Mission
street, near Twenty-first.
IX»VE— In" this city. January 22. ISOt Eleanor
Love. «t*ter of Mn. F. W. Crawford and
Richard Love, a native of Donegal. -Ire-
land.
C7" Friends: are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray
tc Co.. (41 Sacramento street.
LYONS— In this dty. January 22, 1301. James
M. . Lyons, beloved husband of Mrs. Ellen
Lyons, and father cf Mrs. Frank Fowden.
a native of New Tcrk, aged 6$ years. i
McMANCS— In this city. January 20. lMl, Wfl-'
11am H. McManus. beloved husband of Ella
McManus, and father .of Ethel McManus,
and brother of .James McManus and Mrs.
William Phillus. a native of Drumeshambo.
County Leltrtm. Ireland, aged 48 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:» o'clock, from* the resi-
dence of his brother. Seventh and Castro
streets. Oakland, thence to the Church of
Immaculate Conception, where - a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
icul. comm»ncins at 9 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland."
MOORE— In - this city. January 20. 1301. Wil-
liam Moore, a native of -Washington, D. C.
ared IS years. •
ETRemalsa at mortuary chapel of Golden
Gate Undertaking Company. . 2O Mission
street. ,«ear Twenty-first.
MURPHY — In Butte.' Mont.. January IT, 1901.
Eugene Murphy, < a native of County Cork.
Ireland. , • »
cyRemalns at the residence of his sister.
14 Kisslinz street. Friends are invited to at-
. tend the" mass at St. . Joseph's Church
to-nK,rrow IThursdar). at * o'clock. Inter-
ment- private.
NTKUCEK— la . this dty. Janaary . U. . 190L
Genevt«Te. beloved daughter of Jennie Nyk-
Ucek. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 3 months and 12 days. ¦ -
O' DEA-In the ; City- and County Hospital.
January 22. 1*)L; Patrick CDea. a native of
Ir«'.ind.:aged:e4 years. . .¦;>_
QUINN— In . this dty. \ Jannary 21. isci." Pat-
¦ rlrk. husband of tbe_late_jJary Qulnn. -. ana
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan* Jfc Gallagher.) '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN,: Mp.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEES.
- 20 fifth «t.. opposite Lincoln School. *
i ¦¦. , :v -Telephone South 80. r '; >
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM ER3 t I
• 1239 Market tU.' between Ith and Sti I
. Telephone :Souta; 247. ; . .1
father of James QtOnn. a ratiTe of County
-Wexford. Ireland. ac«d. «1 years. , ¦ -
CT Rfisaim at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor 4 Co.. "87 Mission street Notice ct fu-
neral hereafter." '
REILLT— In San RafaeL Januarr ». 190L
- Matthew - W.." beloved • husband of. Annie
Hellly; and father or Bernlce Belily.' and son
«f Katherine aad the late Bernard Ketlly.
a native of Saa Rafael, aged 30 years and
11 months. ¦
: ¦ . CFriends and acanalntances are respect-
fully invited tc attend the fuoeral this day
: (Wednesday).- at t o'clock. . from his late resl-
! fienee; Third street, thenc* to St. Raphael's
Church for eervtces. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. January 22. 1901, James
W.. bclored •- husband of Katie L. Smith,
father of Anna M. Smith, son of James W.
and Frances Smith, and brother of J. C. and
Frank Smith. Mrs. George Murphy of Grass
Valler aad the late Mrs. J. E. Hoyle. * na-
tive qt UUca. >f. T., axed 42 years and 10
1 tr.itnihs. -*r~ - • - ¦¦--•--
C^Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness
avenue.a _ -• ' "
SCLLIVA2C— In this city. Jannary ZU 1301.
Ca thrice, beloved wife of the late Tboma*
Sullivan, i loving- stepmother of Mrs. T.
O'Connor and J. WV Sullivan. Mrs. J. Mur-
phy and tbe late I —nnis and Thomas StitlJ-
van. and sitter of the late Winifred Curtis,
a native of County Lon«tord. Ireland, are*
61 year». (Boston aad New York papers
please eery.) '
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wedneedav). at »:» o'clock, from her late
residence, 66 Harriet street, off Howard, be-
tween Sixth and Seventh, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a r*<xalem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose ef her soul,
commencing ¦ at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress .Cemetery.
TATXOR— In this city. January 20. 1WL Georr*
, F.. beloved husband of Lizzie Taylor, father
of George and Ralph Taylor, and brother- of
Edward, Joseph. William. Charles and Mark
Taylor. Mrs. J. Kelieher and Mrs. H. Mc-
Gee, a native cf England, ared 23 years 2
months and 23 days. *
VT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend -the fnneral.this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7«7 Mission street. ¦
Intennent Laurel Hill Cemetery. /
THORFEST— In this" city. January 29. 1901.!
Fred, beloved brother »f Sophie and Fred-
erika Thorfest. and nephew of Henry Flemer.
a native of Hanover. Germany, aged 19 years
and '9 months.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral this day
(Wednesday), at -2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery by electric funeral car from
Eighth and Harrison streets.
WERNER-January 20. 1901. at her residence.
East Oakland. Catherine, wife of F. F.
Werner (maiden name Sweeney), and mother
of D. J. Quill and the late Mrs. Nellie Morse,
a native of Ballyvourney, County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 17 years 1 month and 2 days.
(Boston. Mas«.. and St. Joseph. Mo., papers
pt*ase copy.) ' ;¦
CXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited, to attend th# funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. Fifth avenue and Twenty-first
street. East Oakland, thence to the German
Catholic Church. Frultvale. where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for toe re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
WEIR— Entered into rest. Katie Weir, beloved
daughter of Donald and Mary Weir, and sis-
ter ef David Weir, a native of Montreal.
Canada, agrd 23 years.
WEN'SIXGER — An anniversary solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated to-morrow
(Thursday), at St. Mary's Cathedral. Van
*>«9» avenue, at 9 o'clock, for the repoee of
the soul of Frances S. Wenslnger.
CARD OF THANKS.
Mr. and Mrs. John Quadt and family desire
to .excrese their heartfelt thanks to their
friends and accnalntanees for their kind-
ness and symoathy shown to them at the
loes of their dearly beloved eon and brother,
J * JOHN QGAIXT AND FAMILY.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
BAXLWAT TRAVEL.
mmmmimmi^mmmmmtmmmmmmmmmmmmmm^mmmmmmmmmtmmmimt
Who Runs
May Read
¦
On the
California Limited
Real electric lights
In. every berth—
.Coins to Chicago
On the
Santa Fe
Are You
Interested in
Mexico ?
* We are thinking of running
a cheap excursion to Mexico
about March ist. Do you
care anything about it? Let
us know if you do.
F. W. PRLVCE,
Santa Fe Agent.
641 Market st. .COMMERCIAL BANKS
ARE FLOURISHING
Report Issued by Bank Commission
ers Shows Local Institutions to
Bs Prosperous.
The annual report of the State commer
cial banks operated in this city, which has
been issued by the Bank Commissioners
of Call/ornia. shows that from August 11
3900. to the rim of this year the institu
tions have enjoyed prosperity. There has
been an immense growth of deposits, th-
aggregate being U.lGZ.'i'i'1 50. There are
eighteen commercial banks in this city,
end the following figures show their con
dition:
Value of premises, tl.S45.757 Zl; real estate,
taken fir debt. tLJ^.^l 64: miscellaneous bonds
and ttocka, SS.TIOTS 24; loans on real estate,
J4.TCS.t>€5 V€: loans on stocks, bends and war
rants. $13.774. i3.< «: loans on other securities.
Krain. etc.. t3.0^3.fals :Z: loane on personal se
curity and ovt-idrafts. J1S.726.3C1 19; money on
hand, checks and other cash items, $11,431,-
C0:' to; due from banks and bankers, |12.6?6.
r*2 ih; furniture- and fixtures. exDenses. taxes
and other aKfirts. 11.114.263 77: total resources.
ST'.5<.i.i'41 ««: capital paid In coin. Js.930,337 63:
reserve**, fund, profit and loss and contingent
fu:i<i. J12.6e:<.^;2 due depositors. $46,270.-
EStt: v *dtM banks and banker*. $6,171,016 fiS:
divideaJs unr.«id and other liabilities. J2 447.
147 2%. Total liabilities. I76.i43.241 OS.
A CRUSADE against vice, "as radi
cal in its aim as that inaugurated
in New York by- Bishop Potter,
may be stirred up in this" city
through the medium of a sermon
preached by the Rev. Frederick W. Clam
pett. D. D.. rector of Trinity Church, in
Grace Church yesterday morning at the
flfty-flrst convention of the diocese of Cal
ifornia. The sermon was a masterpiece of
forensic ability, and scintillated with epi
gram. Staining charges, couched in' no
uncertain terms, were launched against
this city. Vice was declared rampant,
and the Sabbath day. only a name. Plead
ing for the holding of home ties Inviolate,
the speaker laid the cause for much mari
tal misery and many desolated hearts at
the door of the existing law of divorce,
and called on the ministers of God within
the sacred precincts to bring all the force
of their argument * and power of their po
sition to amend legislation relative to di
vorces, the saloon, social evil and dese
cration of the Sabbath day.
Some of the pastors, he said, had
placed themselves in battle array against
vice, and to such all honor should be
given; but he declared others there were
who. wrangling over petty questions of the
schools, had fallen into the "ruts of
dogma and were remaining in the shal
low waters of ceremonialism, \%en the
voice of the master called them forth into
the deep tide of intelligent, aggressive
.work.''
The church was declared "tp have
reached a point in her history- where,
backed by centuries of experience, she
took a part and became a power in moral,
social and civic questions. "The tone
of the church bells on the Sabbath day
is smothered by unhallowed revelry of
i open saloons and gambling dens, and your
opera and theater," said the speaker.
The text of. the sermon from the gos
pel of St. Luke. v:4, was 1 "Launch out
into the deep." The sermon was in part
as follows:
Duty in New Century.
The birth of the new century in our world's
history and the beginning of the second half
centennial of our diocesan life must create in
I every - thoughtful mind the conviction - that- a
crlels has been reached. The man who goes
forth to plan and to strive for the growth of.
the kingdom can no longer be called a dreamer.
He has nineteen centuries of the kingdom's
history behind him — he has the eternal weight
of divine prophecy before him. • %
It requires no great power of observation to
note the marvelous changes which are making
for the hastening of the kingdom. The Chris
tian faith must now undergo the nevere test
under euch changed conditions. In asserting
The citizens* committee appointed by
llayor Phelan to arrange for 'the recep
tion to President McKinley oh the'oe"ea-
Eion of his v!s;t to this city next_ May
met In the Mayor's office yesterday-after
noon. The committee organised by elect
ing Irving: M. Scott president and Super
visor II. I". Erandcnstein secretary. A
Cer.eral plan of entertainment was out
lined, and it was decided to sippolnt^a
committee of five to investigate and-re
port the F.-ope of the reception -after the
Frhedul* of the President's Itinerary had
been ascertained. President Scott stated
that he would announce the names of the
committee later. ......
It was agreed that the night of the
President's arrival, which Is expected to
bton Tuesday. May 14. the people will be
r-ffordrd an opportunity of greeting the
chief executive of the nation, either in the
rmunda of the City Hall or in- the Me
chanics' Pavilion. There will 'be "music
but no speeches, and handshaking with
ihe President will be barred. It is unde'r-
Ftood that Governor Gage will meet trie
Pretidrr.t at the State line. Each city
will arrange a reception to the distin
guished guest, and General Warfleld BUg-
Pt'Sted that the T'nited States troops arid
the military companies turn out In a.mon
ster parade.
William H. Jordan, president of the Sons
cf the American Revolution, and- J. 51.
GJeaves, president of the Ohio Society ad
dressed the meeting. Mr. Gleaves. stated
that 20.0W people will accompany Presi
dent McKinley to this city. Among them
will be the Governor of Ohio and his
ftaff and the Congressional and Sena
torial delegations. including Marcus
Harma.
On motion of Colonel Smedberg, A. D,
Cutler was added to the committee to rep
resent the Granfl Army of the Republic in
place of Colonel FTank M. Stone, who 1s
or. hie way Eaft- The committee ad
journed to meet at the call of the chair.
The following i:am*d were present at the
meeting:
Ara. R. Well*. Charlea Boxtor.. A. Sbarboro,
F. .W. l>ohnr.ann. Henry LuxiFtedt. P. H. Mc-
Carthy. CCIoneJ W. II. fmedben?. A. H. Pav-
MB. g. G: MUrphy, J. W. Byrne, Simon 'New
man, General \\\ R. Shatter, H. X'. Brawien
*tein, ileoree A. »whall, A. A. Watklns, J.
M. Glcave*. Irvlnp M. Scott. General R. H.
"VVarfi^ld. V. II. Jordan. Claus Bpreckels. Hor
«C<» Davis. Vanderlyn Stow, James M. Sea
well fcnd A. D. Cutler.
Union League Club Officers.
The Union League Club of this city has
flectfd the following board of directors
for the ensuing year: George D. Clark.
president; George H. .Plppy. first vice
president; D. K. McKinlay, second vice
president: Joseph S'.monson. secretary; I.
\V. Hellman Jr., treasurer; William A.
Abbott. E. S. Breyfogle. H. G. W. Dinkel
eplel. Thomas Klrkpatrick, A. S. Man
prum and O. F. Westphal. While Presi
dent McKinley was a member of Congress
from the Slat? of Ohio he was elected an
honorary member of the club, and it is
upectHl that he will pive one evening to
the club during his visit in this city, at
which time th* organization will probably
tender him a dinrer and reception.
People "Will Have Opportunity to
Greet Nation's Chief Execu
tive on the Night of
His Arrival. . .
Presidential Reception Com
mittee Arranges Some
Preliminaries.
CITIZENS TAKE
FIRST STEPS
CHURCH CHIMES DROWNED
IN REVELRY, SAYS A RECTOR
Sensational Charges Against Divorce
! • and Liquor Law's by Rev. F.W.CIamr
| pett at Meeting of Episcopalians;.
How It Goes in New York.
During the preoent cold and grip season six
ty-eight thousand eight hundred and eighty
boxes of Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne have bean
purchased by the following wholesale houses
of New Tork: McKesson & Robbing. Max Zel
ler, Charles N. Crlttenton & Co.. O. H. Jadwln.
Henry Kline A Co. and Bruen. Rlchey & Co. *
Mrs. Lizzie Garcia Missing.
Albert Garcia called at tha Coroner's
office vesterday and roDorted that hi.*
wife, IJezie Garcia, otherwise known as
Lizzie Johnson, had left her home on Mon
day at noon for the purpose of going to
lunch and had not- since »been heard frlxn.
Seeds and Plants.
The Cox Seed Comnanv of 411-413-413
Sansome street has Issued Its annual Il
lustrated catalogue of seeds and plants.
Artistically and typographically it is a
perfect sjjecimen of the printers art. It
contains a complete price list of all the
seeds and plants crown on the Paciilc
Coast. The Cox Seed Company Is among
the largest growers and " dealers of the
best seeds and plants in the West, and
their business Is rapidly increasing owing
to the fact that growers are giving tho
preference to native grown seeds over the
Eastern product.
A copy of the new catalogue will be
mailed free to any address sent to tha
company's headquarters In San Fran
cisco. * fl ¦* :'¦
GAItDENXR TACHEL1A
KILLED BY A CAB
Makes a Deposit for the Purchase of
Land. and. Then Becomes In
toxicated.*
The body of the man killed by an elec
tric car on Mission street, near Twenty
ninth, shortly after midnight yesterday
morning, was Identified at the Morgue
yesterday at that of J. Baptlste Tachella.
a gardener, who resided with his wifa at
Sunnyside, near the carhouse. He had
left a deposit of $40 on the contemplated
purchase of a vegetable garden In that
vicinity and spent the remainder of the
evening in a saloon kept by Salvator Bas
so, where he became intoxicated.
After leaving- the saloon to go home he
fell In a drunken stupor on the track anl
was run over. I Neither the motorman nor
the conductor was. able 'to aee the body
owing to the darkness until after tha car
had passed over It. _- ¦_ ¦
and< so sure as God lives in his church his di
vine blessing will rest on our labors in the
years to coir.e.
Hut we are reminded at this Juncture of an
other crucial element, demanding a wider area
of attack. It will be found in the growing
assertion on the part of the church over. civic,
social and moral questions. The positive
power of church life In direct Influence upon
great moral, social and ethical questions has
reached the farthest point In her history. The
burning questions of employer and employed,
of capital and labor, of the housing of the
poor artisan, of the Influence of trusts ; upon
the public Interests, of the struggle against
the terrible evils of the liquor traffic, of the
crushing of vice In our city life, of the In
fluencing of legislation in matters concerning
the nation's weal, of the Just demand for hon
est men and capable In public offices, and
above all In the protection, purification and
permanency of the home by the demand for
proper legislation touching ; marriage and di
vorce. These questions form an- arena Into
which the church has boldly entered.
Sabbath. and Home Desecrated.
The powers of evil have assailed In this com
munity the two most vital parts of the body
corporate. The home — Its sanctity. Its purity —
has become amUnomer; the Sabbath' Is dese
crated to an extent that outrivals the Godless
ness of a Continental Sunday. The tone of the
church bells on that day Is smothered by the
unbalanced revelry of open saloons and gam
bling dens, by open opera and theater. Think
of the deadly effect which these things must
exercise upon the rising young manhood of the
community. We are called upon to take up
the watchword of •'Vigilance" In a city that
has one licensed liquor store for. every 13.% In
habitants. The first watchword then of our
church on the borderland of the new century
Is "Church extension," aggressive and un
flagging to the glory of God. The second
watchword Is "Vigilance." as we enter upon
every moral and social question affecting the
welfare of the community.
The stately pile of Grace Church wu
well filled with laymen and clergy from all
parts of the State when Bishop Nichols,
the celebrant, opened the services Inaug
urating the fifty-first annual convention
of the Episcopal diocese of California. Al
most simultaneously with the opening
notes of tho processional hymn the news
of the death of the Queen of the British
Empire reached the convention, and a
prayer for those bereaved' by her loss
was off ered . by. Bishop Nichols. before the
usual order : of service commenced.
Ceremony of the Communion.
The, entire chancel was filled with the
visiting delegates , in their white vest
ments, and several rows of seats In the
body of the church were 'also filled with
them. The entry of this great body of
clergy to the singing of the processional
hymn was an imposing feature. Bishop
Nichols and Bishop Moreland brought up
the rear, and immediately preceding
walked the oldest clergyman, of the dio
cese, the Rev. T. A. Randolph, at pres
ent in charge . at Lorin. He Is an octo
genarian, but still active In the service
of the church. v ~.;>;
Following the service came the admin
istration of the holy communion to the
assembled clergy and lay delegates, the
celebrant beinsr Bishon Nichols.
The afternoon session opened with the
adoption of a resolution, offered by the
Rev. D.C. Gardner, the sin
cere sorrow of the convention .at the news
of Queen Victoria'.s death. Rev. M. D.Wil
son was appointed secretary to the con
vention, and a- committee on credentials
was appointed bythe:Blshop, A resolution
made by the Kev. R:;- Ritchie to seat the
Rev. C. C. , Wilkinson of Patchen without
a vote was'adopted. The nominations for
the following standing committees by the
assembly. was the next order of business:
Committees r .; ; on. *¦ Incorporation of the
church; on' Christian education; on
church chari ties ;r- on "the state of the
church; . on: unfinished business; on cre
dentials; on- the Incorporation and ad
mission of parishes ¦ and missions; on
finance; -on*audltlng; ' on canons, v
; Then r followed : the reading ; of the , re
ports ,' of ( the* committees on preparation
for the.' general convention and on canon
ical -and i constitutional changes. Major
W. B.* Hooper then read a telegram he
had ' received from the Southern Pacific
Company • informing him that : Epworth
League rates -would be granted delegates
to the general convention.' . ¦:*¦•*
At "the evening ; session the convention
took up Sunday-school matters and . dis
cussed in. five-minute addresses the most
needed quality . in » Sunday-school work.
Bishop Islchols presided, and in aibrief
speech of Introduction spoke of the neces
sity of raising, the Sunuay-schoor of Cali
fornia, to. a-, higher level. ' . . *
i The convention." then adjourned till 9
o'clock .this morning, when, it will meet
in Grace Church; and; continue.; business.
At 11 a, m. there will be addresses on mis
sion subjects by, the most prominent dele
gates.'' In .the evening r.the ¦ Bishop and
Mrs. Nichols will hold a reception at the
Occidental- Hotel."- .¦•¦" -¦ \ • - •.
her perfect adaptability to the needs of every
nation under heaven. The missionary spirit is
awakening the church at large with a power
like that of Penticcst and the late honors In
the Orient have been as oil poured into the
flre of her enthusiasm. '
The supreme test before the church in the
years to come will be found In the answer to
the question: In how far does the church
prove her divine orlgln-and power by the be
stowal of the abundant life? Does she supply
tne deepest needs of men everywhere. A
practical age demands a practical answer. It
conies with the ring of a strong affirmation.
What statesman would have dared to
prophesy in 1S48, when the soil on which we
dwell was ceded by Mexico, that such a start
ling series of momentuous events would come
to nass; that this city of San Francisco should
be the outgrowth of half a century; that this
sentinel of the Orient should stand amid scenes
of unrivaled beauty, as a living witness to the
most marvelqus development of any age. It
sounds more like the weird story of a dream
than the realism of historic fact. But as we
turn from this picture of material prosperity
of commerce and agriculture, of mines and arts
and sciences to the profounfler considera
tion of moral conditions, there enters the vital
question.
Our highest duty, 'bur noblest privilege will
be at this convention to uplift the standard of
our .missionary enterprise— to place this entire
subject of active extension on a higher plane—
to make our personal and voluntary promise
that we will plead directly with our people.
BISHOP NICHOLS. CHAIRMAN OF THE FTFTT-FIRST ANNUAL. STATE
CONVENTION OF EPISCOPALIANS, THE CLERGYMAN WHO DE
LIVERED A STRIKING SERMON AND SOME OF THE DELEGATES.
The statement made by The Call that
a number of "Walden's books were missing
and that the absconding Jute mill clerk's
peculations could never be estimated i3
substantiated. With this revelation comes
to light another demonstration of the
crooked and lax . administration at San
Quentin in the past.
A former official of the prison had the
audacity to admit, when cornered yester
day, that he' had ordered that all the
books, of the jute miil up to the year 1896
bo destroyed. They were carried by con
victs from the jute mill to, the furnace
fin the power-house and burned by his In
structions. The admission of this act on
the part of a man. who was once superin
tendent of the Jute mirtis followed with
a fitting climax. Expert MacLaren now
says that with the destruction of these
books all efforts to estimate the amount
of Walden's robberies from the State will
prove futile.
For several days the rumor has been
current that Walden's books were gone,
but Warden Aguirre as late as Monday
afternoon absolutely denied that such a
state of affairs existed. On that very
afternoon Aguirre had convict Price, em
ployed as a fireman in the power-house,
in his private office. Price then and there
told about the books being burned.
Agulrre, who professes to wish to have
the scandal thoroughly aired, was point
edly asked at the close of the private
examination of Price If I there were any
of Walden's books missing. He emphat
ically denied that there were. It has since
transpired that Price's testimony was suf
ficient to fix the responsibility of the
crooked act upon Charles Alden, who was
employed, in the responsible position of
superintendent of the Jute mill during
Warden Hale's administration.
Armed with the information of the de
struction of Walden's books, Prison Di
rector Wllkins and Warden Aguirre paid
an early visit to the city yesterday, ar
riving here from San Rafael on the 9
o clock boat. They were Joined by Prison
Director Fitzgerald. Charles Alden was
summoned to appear before them. When
Alden had completed his testimony the
prison officials wera appalled at the bold
methods that had been used to cover up
the traces of the systematic robberies that
had been carried on.
Alden's statement smacks of originality
and nerve, to express it in a mild way.
He claims that when he was superintend
ent of the Jute mill he came to the con
clusion that there were slxty-flve«bales of
sacks missing. Being paid by the State
to do a little more than indorse his war
rant, It Is Inferred that he Instituted a
search for the missing bales. His search
proved fruitless, as he could not find the
much sought after bags. Deep down,
however, in the archives of his own office
in the jute mill he found a number of
books which had been used by AValden to
keep a record of the business of the mill.
A!den became enthused with the brilliant
Idea that these books took up too much
room In his office. After a careful scru
tiny of the contents of the volumes he
discovered that a. number of the pages
were missing' and that' they could not be
of any real interest to any one. Calling
In the assistance of some convicts, he or
dered the books carried to the furnace in
the power-house. Without any consulta
tion or without waiting for orders, Alden
ordered the volumes thrown Into the
"fiery furnace." With the burning of
these books all traces of Walden's crooked
dealings went up in smoke.
This trifling Incident, as Alden treats
the matter, occurred In June of 1S99, and
yet the matter was never reported or
known to the prison officials until yester
day. Alden's statement looks Innocent on
the surface. The prison officials will not
let. this deter them from trying to learn
more as to what caused Alden to destroy
the records of Embezzler Walden before
Agulrre, the new Warden of San Quentin,
should take official hold of the prison and
have all records turned over to him for
his personal examination.
Prison Director R. M. Fitzgerald was
interviewed at his home In Oakland last
evening. He admitted the discovery of
the loss of the books. Warden Agulrre
returned to San Quentin last evening.
He claims that he was so fatigued as a
tesult of hla labors in trying to unearth
the present scandal that he was unable
to see representatives of the press.
It is believed by some people that Wal
den is in Mexico. If any credence Is to
be- given to. the word of former convicts
WaTden planned his flight there several
years ago, when he feared that an in
vestigation was going to be made Into
his accounts. That he was robbing the
State, with the assistance of confederates
not connected with the prison, was a
matter known to many of the convicts.
They remained silent, however, for Wal
den wielded a tremendous Influence in
the penitentiary. They feared that if
they told of the robberies that were
coing on and were afterward unable to
prove the charges they would be made
to feel the power, of the thieving clerk.
None of them were in a position to bring
forward the necessary evidence to pTove
that Walden' and his friends were robbing
the State. While they were satisfied that
he was not only stealing manufactured
poods from the prison; but was also
stealing waste material, they realized
that their evidence would be questioned
unless supported by outslda testimony.
A few of them were interested in the
thefts. Walden from time to time gave
them small sums of mon«y with which
to purchase tobacco or any articles they
desired that were not on the prison list
cf supplies. , ,. .
While they were but poorly paid for
their silence and their service, they con
cluded that it was best, to allow matters
to run as they were running, for if they
made complaint against Walden and could
not prove what they alleged, they knew
too well that their lives would be made
harder to bear. The life of the. average
convict Is not a pleasant one, even when
he is a favorite of the Jail officials, but
when he Is not in favor there are many
ways of making him feel that he would
be "better off dead than alive. To carry
on his crooked work Walden was forced
to take several of the prisoners into his
confidence. • They * had to haul the'un
marked bags from the jute mill to the
landing for shipment. They knew that
the bags shipped should come through' the
warehouse. Instead of the mills, but said
nothing. One of them said yesterday:
"Walden was a pretty. decent sort of. a
fellow. He gave us a few dollars now
and then. , We weren't working of our
own free will for the State, and if Wal
den was making a- little on the side It
wasn't any of our business." ¦
About three years . ago something
happened to disturb Walden's. peace of
mind. He feared that 'an Investigation
was going to be commenced Into the man
agement of the Jute mills and. he. made
ready to get away before the crash came.
He told one of the convicts who enjoyed
part of his confidence that he Intended
"crossing over the border" if things com
menced to get too hot for him.
"I can get along- better in Mexico." said
he, "than anywhere else. If I have, to
get out. . I speak a half dozen 'languages,
and, as you- know.' I'm no -slouch as an
accountant.: I think that I have polish
enough about me to make friends of the
officials and If necessary they will help
me avoid extradition."
"Walden's fears were groundless at that
time, for . the -threatened lnvestigration
blew, over.,.In ;a/few iweeks he was , as
self-confident as ever before and resumed
his peculations' from, the prison. : .
'.'I. am satisfied," said a convict yeater
day, "that-Walden lost no time In getting
over the line when he left San Quentin.
He had a good start. Before there was
any. suspicion that. he did not intend re
turning, he had ample time to sret to Mex-
Jco.'- Once in . Mexico h« would be safe,
for the extradition laws, do not cover
crimes similar to those committed by him.
Unless -the - Mexican Government . should
surrender him. there would be no possibil
ity: of extraditinsr -him. . "Walden- studied
up this- matter three years a«ro and I am
Ratlsfl»»d: that^wh^n hp left Son Quentin
as a 7 fusritive hei had Mexico In mind as
his objective; point. He Is cool and ral
culatlni?, and you mav , rest assured that
he had* ever>' s step 5 of., h's fll/erht- blanned
before- he, went to ,Warden Acrulrre ard
Rsked for a week's' leave of absence. If
I am- rot.barHy mistaVenhe will be first
heard ;f rom In Mexico.'.'. ' '¦'
Important Records Bearing
on the Prison Scandal
Destroyed.
Former Jute .Mill Superintendent
Says He Had Convicts Throw
Them Into Power-House
. . Furnace.
ADMITS BURNING
WALDEN'S BOOKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, "WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1901.
14
FOUR SPECIMEN VALUES,
LADIES' NIGHT DRESSES, made or a Yeru rine aualltu
or muslin, also camhrlc, uokes trimmed with em-
hroideru, also tucked and hemstitched.
Price $1.00 Each.
LADIES' SKIRTS, made with deep lawn flounces,
six rows or tucking and trimmed with rine em-
hroideru 7 Inches In depth.
Price $1,75 Each.
LADIES 1 skirts, made with deep tucked lawn
nounces and trimmed with lace 7 Inches deep.
Price $2.50 Each.
LADIES' DRAWERS, made rrom extra heavu muslin,
. with lawn rurfles, and trimmed with lace Inser-
tion and edging.
Price $1.00 Pair.
On MONDAY, JanuarTj 2lst, ana contfhulna all tne
Balance or this month, we will have our SEMI-ANNUAL
SALE" OF LADIES' FINE MUSLIN UNDERWEAR. We
will show a veru large variety or GOWNS, CORSET
COVERS, CHEMISES, SKIRTS AND DRAWERS, all
trimmed with the latest patterns or Emhroldeples anti-
Laces. All our Underwear Is maderroma superior
dualltB or Camhrlc and Muslin, is well made and will
he sold at EXCEEDINGLY LOW PRICES.
SEMI-ANNUAL SALE.
TUTTYC1Y TTWT
MUbLijM
underwear:
' Sometimes people stop at a. hotel in or-
der -to 'escape "home comforts. .*'
l Versuvlus , Oil ' Company, " Pafrott* bldg. ; stock
40 [ cents.. ; T>r. J J. S.\ Potts'. ; president. ; Oil all
around -where they are drilling. : ''?'•¦
I FABER'S I
119 TAYLOR STREET.
'Phone Howard 1021
GASH-SAVING ATTRACTIONS!
DRIED FRUIT SALE THIS WEEK.
BUTTER -S5a»^ ... R ! y . e . 8 : 29c
UUI IUU Usual slze . from LOU
creamery direct daily.
BEST EOG3 STILL. LOW.
SAND SOAP a/,™! 250
Cleans entire household.
Regular 6. 32 limit.
APPLE BUTTER. 2 POUNDS 23c.
OVDIID Towle's Pineapple flavor, A(\ n
SYRUP |a,.on h pa.i, ............... 49C
Ono limit. Regrular 75c.
3 BOTTLES GOLD MEDAL CATSUP 23c.
COF-FARIN »»• 19c
nerves. Regulates digestion. Regular 23c.
MRS. FABER'S ORANGE • MAltMA-
¦ LADE, 10c.
BROMANGELON S:% ; ?c
Recipes for fancy dishes in every box.
SALINAS BURRA.NK* POTATOES—
special:-.
PflDII "Pennant" brand, tin «ftj»
uUilN Packed sweet and tender. 1 1 1 1*
wwiin Was $1 50 d ozen; now }1 10. IUU
.. 20 SPECIALS WEEKLY.
UfUIOI/'V HlgM-proof liquor, qr,
WnloKrT Fu11 i >in t botue ihn
Worth double. .
WHY, PAY MORE FOR GROCERIES?
OLIVES %% ¦quar?™^. .?.!?£ ?0c
u ¦.!.¦¦•* Fine. large, crisp fruit. *•""
Properly cured.
Small orders given same care as ¦ large
A visit to Faber's will pay you.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
THE MONEY-SAVING
FURNITURE and CARPET
HOUSE.
A Parlor 13 never complete without a
Bay-Window Table. This beautiful table Is
genuine mahogany, btrdseya mapla or golden
oak. polish finish; can bo bought for $1.00,
less 10 per cent for cash. All other goods
In same proportion.
CASH OR CREDIT.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1015-1017 Market Street,
OPEN EVENEJGS. Opp. Taylor rt.
I DIL-PIEEeE'S j^Si BODI-BAmHI
Tii3 s.Jsm, <9v Kiii 5
: B/jg3P&j?
Era \&*\/f I. JT*« 8tmt
By iae«ni of wJtJxJgZ. PHwfct It
Dr. Plerce'f ¦ii£* t 2iS3i nlla l^* kodr
Uott and At- fSr&tJHa, w lth «lectrlo-
i&ahmenta & •ywffiUBWjjpk lty, ttju« tfr-
powerjul cur- t^§w«KB la
r«nt of elto- fy^vfggq! "vrsth and
trlcltyioaybi fvvKac§E!al *tr«ngth to til
conveyed ta KPMfpn "ho ua« it.
may part or nSfPrJ 3pe««iny cure*
th* body ot \ IfSf \ M without drtac*
U>« wtarer. \f(f \ i> and U as g <xxj
rrota h«ad to 11'/ \|j for women
toot, tb«reby III V i i a* for men.
Imparting l'« \\ Prtcea f«a-
vim&ndYlgor \ % I \A •onabl*. No
to all weak' \ ] I II "* "V r • •" dr
part* and I \% "Hatf Prtc«"
driving awayfWij \ f . offtn ma4a
lOhai and (Lj "»a^ to *alt UU*
p*Jn» as it T ?" BBI.T. X*
by maple. / ~N\ you want t!»
tTOar ntw "Book- v **v fl B 8 T, yon
let No. t" tires full In- most bar*
formation. Free at ol- "V>r. Pl«ro* «-"
So* or matted to any *Mr««-tor a Jhoint
•tamjx Call or addret* PIBRCKEUCC-
TRIC CO.. 1148 Broadway (abor» Wth it.).
Now Tork. Pacific Coa»t ofncc.UO Mar-
ket st. Opposite Palaos Hotel). Ban Traa-
cl*co.
"mun wrtttaa-. fcladly m«ntlon_thla paper. •
DR.-MQNULTY.
n^nis wjsll-known and reliable old
I SpcclaMstcttrMBtood Poison. Uonorrhosa,01ee^
8trtctar«\ Mrmlual Weaknes". Impotence aud their
allied Dlnordars. Boole on Dismnea of M«m. fre*.
OTPr20y*ani'Pxp« - ienc«.Terni* rea.v>nable. Hoars.
9to1iially;8;3)to3.30eT > K!«. Sundar«.10to C Ciinsnl-
tatlonfreeandsacredlf confidential. Cafl or address
1 P. ItOSCOE MeNUJVnr.M.D.
SO>; Kearay HU, Han FrancUco, CaU
T> T> TT C U17Q FOR BARBERS, BAK-
Xj ilU t^rlJuO «rs. bootblacks, bath-
•**¦**¦*¦¦* bouses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
HUCnAN.*.* BROS..
Brush M"^— «.7turcr>. £09 Sa:ramsnt» Si
Where Good Health is Maintained I
~~^\ Warner's Safe Cure ¦.-.• 1
'Vflnicf* s Sflfc Cure to * • ¦ 5 ' *. ¦ r * "..-.¦. ¦
I SS^/f^M Regular Visitorand Trufitecl Friend. I
ADVERTISEMENTS.