LONDON, Feb. 4. — The "U"ar. Office |
has received the following dis
patch from Lord Kitchener, com
mander In chief in South A-frica:
"PRETORIA, Feb. 2.— Our post
at Mofidersfontein on the Gaternnd.
southeast of. Krugersdorp, was attacked
ty 1CO0 Boers. The relief column sent
cut from Krugersfiorp failed to prevent
the fall of the post. No details yet at
r-CLnd. but officers and men captured at
MAJOR GENERAL H. L. SMITH-DORRIEN*. COMMACTER OP ONE
OF THE BRITISH COLTJilNS" SENT AGAINST BOERS IN EASTERN
DISTRICTS BETWEEN NATAL AND DELAGOA BAY.
TORNADO SWEEPS TEXAS.
Houses Wrecked, One . Person Killed
and Several Injured.
COOPER. Texas. Feb. 3.— A tornado
last night did great damage In the -west
ern .portion of Delta County. The home
of James Moody, at Honest, was wrecked
and his four-yearrold daughter fatally In
jured. Tlnk Surret was killed and hla
two daughters seriously Injured at Ratan.
where a number of houses were wrecked.
At Denton an oil mlU was wrecked, but
no one was hurt.
COVERS THE ENTIRE STATE.
Strong Northwest "Wind Drifts tho
Snow in Iowa.
DES MOIXES, Feb. 3.— The snowstorm
that struck here about midnight' Saturday
covered the entire State and 13 the most
seveffeof the winter. A strong north
west wind has been blowing all day.
drifting -the snow. The temperature has
been falling steadily, and will go to aeru
before -morning., Railway trains havo
been much delayed. . ,
LITTLE BOY
WITH X-RAY
IN HIS EYES
AUSTIN, Texas, Feb. 3.— A dis
patch from Uvajde, .Texas, says:
Joel C. Fenley, father of Guy
Fenley, the 14-year-bld boy with
X-ray •eyes,, who sees '.water, oil
or .minerals at any depth^ln tho
ground. Is receiving, letters from
all parts, of the United Stales
from persons who havo read tho
newspaper accounts of, the re
markable • gift of i this • boy. Many
o? theso letters. are from oculists'
and members of^ scientific r socie
ties of the north; where, thorough
tests", may be made; of his .X-ray
Bight.;. Mr. fenley '. is also offered
large sums of money from oil -and
mlnin/r '.prospectors "to : have ; his
son .locate oil ..and minerals be
neath the ; earth's, surface.* Trie
boy ' has located" several .wells , of
water at ; depths ranging from , 200
to 400 feet ; on < ranches - in • West
Texas, during; the past^week.
ptamp-burnlns: incident. W. H. Reeven
who will probably be the star witness for
the Government and who has been under
going almost daily examinations by tho
postofflce inspectors for a month, asserted
to-day that the whole method of.Neely's
alleged stealings had been revealed under
promise of immunity.
I>amaffed by Fire.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Feb. 3.-Flre in the
trimming department of tho Krug Pack
ing Company's plant did JIOO.OOO worth' of.
damage. • *
Plague at Cardiff.
CARDIFF,; Feb. 3.-A Cardiff workmm
nas been attacked by; a dlfeage which = !-¦
diagnosed as the bubonic plague.
CASH BOND IS DEMANDED
FROM DEFAULTER NEELY
His Attorney Refuses to Deposit Cash',
However, Fearing It Will Be Seized.
HAVANA. Feb. 3.— The mHItary'iTovern
rrrnt will demand a cash bond from C. V.
W. Ne*-iy, the alleged defaulter. What
the amount will be has not been stated,
as Neely's lawyer absolutely refuses to
«2<-pos;t cash, fearing 'hat it will be seized.
The charges will aggregate an embezzle
ment of over J100.0M. with the possibility
of the amount being materially increased.
The Judge of the Court of First Instance
Is incline*! to hold that Keely Is guilty of
stealing surcharged stamps to the amount
cf $300,000, and as the question of bail at
present rrst« with him the cash to be^de
posiied would rxceed that figure. The spe
cial counsel for the Government are con
fident of convicting Neely apart from the
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.--Willlam McDade.
self-styled globe-trotter, has ended his
long journey in • the morgue, where his
body lies among the unclaimed dead, the
conditions' of his waser unaccomplished.
McDade, according to the story, told by an
acquaintance, left San Francisco in 1894
in a paper suit and : with a capital of one
cent to walk around the world on a wager
of $2S5,0CO that he would visit every known
country in a year. ¦- •
' ' Several ¦ sporting enthusiasts, .who paid
McDaoVs passage on '.the Majestic when
he sailed to. England, identified -his body
. at the morgue to-day. They, shook their
heads > sadly,'.-, arid said \that\ the globe
trotter's inability to raise "the J3500 neces
sary to wln-his- wager on his return had
broken his heart.
' McDade started'on hls'trfpwith a great
flourish of trumpets, and his wager Ticon
him notoriety in the > lands through •which
he He , displayed presents from
famous personages and . told wonderful
tales of adventure. , His pretensions* van
ished when he, .was sent to the workhouse
fromj the Center-street ¦ Poi.ce - Court*. in
November, 18C3. .; .'.',.. _
\ In "the" company" of fan ¦ Englishman
named Rol f. McDade left a Turkish bath
house in r San Francisco In September," 1834
The men left - their clothes behind "and
were clad In suits made of newspapers.
They were arrested by the police, but
were discharged.. Their appearance, ex
cited such comment that contributions
poured In to them.
gress; and shouted "Liberty forever" and i
."Down" with the" Jesuits!" " : . n
A Jesuit who. .was ; leaving the . church,
,was hooted.' and then ;the; crowd! marched
to.' the 'Jesuit college" and; stoned -the .win
dows , -:'and "¦¦ doors/ still? shouting: "Down
with the Jesuits!" ' ' •; ¦¦'•'•'¦
/Finally the demonstration was dispersed
; byi gendarmea."^«33M*6y^BflBSfeWM8BSBtMWt
ShtotdBw* . V r-.v-.V .'. •: • ".¦'•>-¦' ;; : -' , '¦
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 3.— A. special to the
Globe Democrat from Oaxaca. Mexico,
eays: The military authorities have been
advised of: another engagement : which
took . place between . the Government
troops and a large force of.'Maya)In
.dians. ¦ The battle ' occurred about ; nine
miles from Santa Cruz, . the stronghold
of . the rebels,; and resulted In a victory
for the Government forces.
ANTI-JESUIT OUTBREAKS
HAVE SPREAD TO VALENCIA
Mob Marches to a College and Stones the
Windows, and Doors.
'¦".-. ¦ ¦ ¦ ' '- ¦¦¦.¦ . ' ¦ - -¦ - ¦¦ . .¦ : v:v ; ¦ .
';. VALENCIA, Spain. Feb.. 3— The ¦ anti-
Jesuit which: b,egan in
Madrid Un connection with the : anti-cler
icaLplay ."Electra," have spread to Valen
cia; .. ¦ ,'..-'-•-¦ '.¦¦:¦',¦¦:'¦} :¦¦•¦¦..'.-:' ...
V.To;day crowds 'gathered in- front of (the
Jesbit Church of /the Sacred Heart,' where
a confirmation /of children" was in pro-
The casualties "on the rebel side were
heavy, it being estimated' that - they, lost
over 300^ men killed '. and .wounded. Sev
eral hundred reinforcements have ? Joined i
General , Bravo's : command. -J"
It' is asserted that there ! are several
white men among - the. officers "of .: the
! Maya forces. They are believed to • be
Englishmen from : . British 'Honduras,
.vhlch country borders on the Maya ter-
Titory.: . ' . •*•.••
WHITES LEAD INDIANS
IN DISASTROUS BATTLE
GLOBE-TROTTER'S BODY
AMONG UNCLAIMED DEAD
Starts Around the World on a Wager and
Winds Up in a Workhouse.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call
WORST IN SEVERAL YEARS.
Passenger and Freight Traffic Tied
Up by the Storm.
ATCHISON, Kans., Feb. 3.— The worst
srowslorm for several years. prevailed in
Northern ICansa3 and Southern Nebraska
last night and to-day. Three hundred
miles on the "central branch of th6, Mis
souri Pacific, traversing Northern Kan
ras, are tied up and not a train has come
in off the road to-day. Passenger and
freight trains are snowbound at different
points. Atchison street £ar lines are tied
up. Snowdrifts six feet deep are reported
In many places. along the Central branch.
From various towns in Northern Kansas
and Southern Nebraska the snow is re
ported from ten to eighteen inches deep.
The storm began Friday night, the snow
fall being light until late last night The
eky is clear to-night. . ¦ . •
SUFFERING AHONG CATTXE.
Storm Is General- Over Missouri and
. ' • Kansas..
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 3.— The greatest
f nowstorm of the winter visited here last
night and this morning. The storm was
general over Missouri and Kansas, vary
ing in depth from three to fourteen
inches. 'A' strong wind followed the fall
cf snow and in places the snow drifted
badly. . No «erious Interference with rail
ircad traffic has been reported,, except on
the central branch of the ?.Iissourl Pa
cific. Passenger trains -as a rule are run-
I'ing on schedule time. There is some
suffering among unsheltered cattle in
Western Kansas, but there will be no
serious losses. .The snow will be bene
ficial to wheat. To-n'ght indications are
that the storm la over.
FIERCE BLIZZABD RAGES.
MILV/AUKEE, Feb. 3.— A blizzard from
the northeast .has been raging in this
city all day and continues with unabated
force to-night/ Only a few street cars
are running. The snow is drifting badly.
The steam railroads are hampered some
what also, many trains being reported
late. . "
Mayas Lose 300 Killed and Woiindeci in
EhcountQr With Mexican Troops/
behalf of all the men. He cannot sep
arate Hobson'? case from the' rest, nor
can I advise h'.m to do so. It would be
an unjust discrimination against Captain
Clark, to whom you refer and who is two
r.umbers worse off .now than If there had
been no war. It would be an injustice to
the commander in chief, who planned and
"I feel keer.ly the lack of any recogni
tion To Hobson. whose fpat is famous the
world over. I .have repeatedly, talkcl
ebout him to the President, who. as you
know, feels, the most cordial" interest I.i
WASHINGTON*. Feb. 3.-Secretary
Ixttjg- has addressed the following letter
to Senator Morgan:
"Dear Senator— I have your letter with
regard to Lieutenant Hobson. Captain
Clark and others, and to the failure of
the Government to recognize their ser
vices. I need not eav to you that no one
feels this more keenly than myself, or has
done more to endeavor to secure justice
for the men who conducted and consum
mated the Santiago naval campaign. Will
you let me say that ths 'delay' is not with
the executive branch of the Government
so much as with Congress. I do not say
this to in any way shift the responsibility,
but In the hope that the co-operation of
Congress may be secured in this respect.
"With the Interest wMoh you and other
members of the legislative branch feel in
the case. I do not despair. ,-//>'•'
"It is more than two years now since
the President rent in nominations, for pro
motion and these nominations have never
b*»en acted upon by the Senate. At each .
session of CongreFS I have prepared and
Fubmittrd bills asking for r^w^rds-for
these officers. No action has been taken
upon them. In each of my annual re
ports I have urged the matter with all. the
force nossible. but it attracts no atten
tion. The President has p.sked for- th^?
creation of the grade of Vice Admiral,
which would perhaps lead to a solution of
the matter.
NAVAL HEROES WHO HAVE
NOT REOWED PROMOTION
So Far the Government Fails to Advance
Hobson, Clark and Others.
consummated the whole campaign, and
who had a greater responsibility' upon him
for a longer time than any officer on the
Atlantic. It would discriminate against
the enlisted men. who have yet had neith
er thanks nor medal, nor any recognition |
and are humiliated en the deck of every'
warship on which their shipmates who
served in the Asiatic Squadron display
their medals and the Santiago men have
none. I feel almost like invoking the : clp
of yourself and every other Senator and
Representative as to what seems the. sim
plest Justice. •'/': ' '¦ ¦
"Not content with what has hitherto
been . done, it was only a few days ago
that I wrote a. letter to Senator Hale,
Chairman of the Naval Committee, a copy
of .which is" enclosed, asking him if he
would not. as a. last resort, have the Na
val Committee, or a sub-committee of it.
take up the matter and consider the re
port upon the deserts of these officers.
"Yesterday I wrote another letter to> the
President, a copy of which I enclose, re
citing recommendations which I madp/to
him In my annual report of 1899, that he
make the same recommendation to.Con
gress In the case of the Santiago squadron
which was made in the case of the Asiatic
squadron, viz.. that the thanks of Con
gressb* tendered to the commander In
chief and be extended through him to the
officers and men.
"I think you will cordially acknowledge
that' the President by his speedy nomi
nations for promotion has been prompt;
that this department hss left no stone un
turned to do Justice in this matter, and
that it Is now for Congress, of which you
are so distinguished a member, to act.
Trusting that we may all co-operate and
at last^irecurc to these' officers and men
an expression of the country's apprecia
tion of their services, I am very truly
yours,
"JOHN D. LONG."
}.•¦••»¦••', - -'• ' HMM
on. the mornlr.e of ths murder, and it N
, said that he recently went to Providence
and had an interview with th» girl. Just
what- he learned has never been mada
public'
-..A summons was sent to Miss Sheldon at
the opening of '.theclnatiest^on the mur
i der to come, to this oity.to testify. To tha
j great surprise of the: officers Miss Shel
; donj-who was at that time at the horns
". of her parents In . Providence, positively
; 'declined to' come to Pittsfleld to give her
; story of what occurred at the Fosburgh
i house 'on the morning of the murder.
The police are of the opinion that Mfc»3
Sheldon can throw some licht on tha
shooting of her friend. Just why she left
this city on the. first train very early in
the morning after her friend had been
killed and just what she can tell of ths
affair In the Fosburgh house Is. of course,
unknown. She occupied the bed with Mi3S
Fosburgh when the girl was aroused by
the struggle in. the hall. It is, of course,
probable that Miss Shaldon was awakened
afthe same time. The reason of her flight
has a deep significance with the police.
When interviewed at Providence- Miss
Sheldon said she knew nothing. of th«s
struggle which took place, and slept
through It all until the two shots were
fired. On account of the excitement and
grief into which the household was
plunged " Miss Sheldon returned ' to her
home almost immediately, .and her flrsit
complete knowledge cl the tragedy waa
obtained from the newspapers.
f ¦ ¦ ¦ - - ' ' ¦
Story of Millionaire Father That Daughter Was Slain by a Trio of Burglars
" Repudiated by the Poliee, Who Claim That trie Fatal Shot Was Fired
by-the Brother- of the Vietim, the Bullet; Being Intended for the Sire
T|-^>yITTSFIELD, iMass., Feb. 3.— The
S/J tragic fatal shooting lnthlscltybn
la"" 5^'- AUgust 20 of Miss. May Fosburgh,
- daughter of the well-known mil
lionaire manufacturer,- has been
transformed . from what seemed, to be
a ¦ very simple,, albeit a very . distress
ing, t affair Into . a remarkable criminal ¦
mystery. ~ Until the indictment a few days'
ago of Robert Stewart-Kosburgh." presum- j
ably-no one outside, of , a* limited group in V
the confidence of Mr. Nicholson, .the
Chief of Police, doubted _ that . Miss
May Fosburgh was shot and killed by one
of a pang of, three, burglars who were ie
ported at the time to have Invaded the ' m
Fosburgh house In the dead -of night. -'Tho
theory now set r up; by.^tho^ Chief of'.Po
lice andthe DistrictfAttorney is that Mis3
Fosburgh- came to' her! death, not atthj
hands of a burglar; but: at the" hands of
her own brother, Robert S. Fosburch, the '
young man riow/undar arrest; that the*
three burglars are . three myths; that
the direct cause ' of the young woman's
death was a' fearful -family fight, in which
the father of the murdered girl had his .
ribs brpken and was- otherwise badly in
jured, and that the stories told 0 by all
the members of ¦' the '¦- household, as well
as by a guest, are sheer falsehoods .con
cocted to shield the family from disgrace
and to save one of its members from pun
ishment for a dreadful crime.
On tlje morning of the day that Miss
Fosburgh was killed a guest whom sha
had entertained for several weeks at he
home left the city and has nev«r visited
the city or family since. She did not at
tend the funeral of her friend. It leaked
out that the name of the guest that Mis.*
Fosburgh ¦ was entertaintns was -Mis*
Bertha Sheldon of Providence. K. I., tho
daughter of a prominent architect of that
city. 1 •
Chief of Police Nicholson has known of
the presence of Miss Sheldon In the house
Chief of Police Nicholson was the prin
cipal witness before the Grand Jury, and
it was his testimony which influenced thy
Jury in bringing an indictment. .He save
to the Jury photographs of the Interior of
the Fosburgh house, 'calling attention to
certain angles. He al?o showed pictures
of the Dorch, with marks on one of .the
pillars, which, he said, were made by tho
man who did the uhooting. The exact
bearing of that was "mad© apparent to
the Jury, but has not been made public- .
Chief Nicholson, convinced the Jury that
the story of the burglars was told for a
purpose, and it is said he personally re
quested that a true bill be found.
Plttsfleld. Mrs. R. I*. Fosburgh. the
mother of the accused, went to Provi
dence to see Miss Sheldon, the witness by
whom the police eipect to prove their
case when it comes to trial.
In Many Sections ,61 the
Middle' West the Storm
. Is tie Worst in
CHICAGO, Feb. 3.— Six Inches of snow
en the level *nd drifts in .many cases, in
the outlying: districts, piled as high as
second-story windows Is the condition
Chicago is in to-night. The snow began
to fall early in the day and /by the mid
dle of the afternoon a' regular blizzard
was raging, with the wind blowing a gale
from the west. Toward night the wind
died down somewhat and as the tempera
ture began to rise the snow /turned into
sleet.
The steet car lines-, with the exception
of the elevated roads, : were the . worst
sufferers. ' Many of the surface': lines
were compelled to abandon their /sched
ules entirely until the worst-of the storm
had passed, when they were able to clear
the tracks and resume traffic. :i
Officials of the railroads centering in
Chicago report trains generally on . time
or nearly so and claim that unless the
temperature should drop suddenly they
will be able to keep the tracks clear.
SNOW AUT> WIND STORM.
Movement of Trains Impeded and
Wires Blown Down.
OMAHA. ' Feb. 3. — The snow and wind
storm which began Saturday night- con
tinued until noon to-day and was general
throughout Nebraska and Western Iowa.
Three Inches of pnow fell and a strong
ttlnd blew it Into deep drifts, which some
what impeded the movement of trains,
but not to a serious, extent. Wire com
munication suffered most, telegraph and
telephone wires being badly blown down,
Owing to the short duration of the storm
it is not expected livestock will- suffer.
In Omaha street errs were blockaded for
a short time In the morning, but the
sweepers cleared the tracks at an early
hour.
MANY STATES
IN THE GRIP
OF BLIZZARDS
Snow Is MM to
Second Stories in
Chicago.
KILLING OF MISS MAY FOSBURGH
A REMARKABLE CRIMINAL MYSTERY
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN, FRANCISCO, > MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4,, 19 9?-:
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 66. ;
VICTORY OF BOERS
OVER THE BRITISH
Force of One Thousand Republican Troops Cap
ture a Post on the Gaterrand and Take Pris
oners Among the Defending Officers and Men
the post are arriving at Vereeniglng."
A special from Lourenzo Marques says:
There Is a commando • of . 2000 Boers on
Portuguese territory. It Is supposed that
their Intention Is to rescue the Boers
h?re. The Portuguese authorities have
decided to remove to Madeira such Boer
refugees as decline to surrender to the
British.
A Bloemfontein. special says: The Brit
ish have reoecupied Petersburg. , •
The San Francisco Call
In substantiation of this theory ..these :
officers of the law have -been able, to, bring:
forward sufficient evidence to convince a
grand jury that "there, was warrant ;for
an indictment against young Fosburgh for .
manslaughter. •He 1 was ;so- Indicted' and
Is now at liberty. under $12,000 bail; •[.." . ' '
But now, the. mystery. Is heightened, by ;
the allegations that ¦; trouble with the'la
bor uhions'is responsible. 'and- then again
that certain tramps known -as "the- .wire
gang" were guilty,': one -of them 'having
Intimated that one."Qulnn'! did .the job.
It Is a -great mystery. •however, and. the
fact that the 'family offers to pay the
entire cost of a quick trial rather than
wait Is not an uninteresting symptom.
The defense in the' rase of the common-"
wealth of Massachusetts vs. Robert S.
Fosburgh, who Is . accused of having
caused the death of his sister, Mary Fos
burgh, in Plttsfleld, by shooting, showed
plainly* that It3 ' forces 'would be
centered In an 'effort to. prove that the
murder was committed by some member
of a gang of wire thieves, who are alleged
to have been In the vicinity of Plttsflela
on the night of the tragedy. Judge S. D.
Taylor, an eminent criminal lawyer' of St.
Louis; Mo., has been- in Pawtucket,- R.
I.. ...hunting down the tracks of the "wire
gang." He was assisted by the best de
tective skill obtainable. . He did- not dl
vulge the nature of his discoveries, but
left Pawtucket suddenly and returned to
THE SLAIN WOMAN; HER j BROTHER. . ACCUSED * OF . ' MURDERING
HER: . THE FATHER AND;. MOTHER OF ' THE- UNFORTUNATE
-. YOUNG PERSONS.' AND FAMILY "HOME AT.PITTSFIELD, MASS.Church Mortgage Is Burned.
There was much rejoicing at the Hamil
ton-square. Baptist" Church, Post and
Steiner streets, yesterday morning when,
after a special service, the pastor, the
Rev. AV. C Jenkihsj burned the mortgage
aryi declared the church free from debt.
The ohurch ¦ bore special decorations for
the occasion, and was thronged to the
doors with its ; regular congregation and
sympathetic listeners. • ..-.• •»« ¦¦
The musical , service was in charge of
Miss Mayme Allen, who presided at the
organ. Miss. Perkins rendered a soprano
polo, and Mrs. Feather».tone read the re
port of the women's soc"jeties. The reoort
of the treasurer, W, H. Barnes, was also
read.' t .
The Rev. W. C. .Jenkins delivered an in
teresting historical address, recounting
ine history of the church from its founda
tion and its struggle ; to free Itself ; from
debt. | • _ ;< . • ....
CODE AMENDMENT, TO . .
BRING UP OLD FIQHT
Gives Litigant the. Right, to a Trans
' fer of His Case by..- Alleging .:
. - ¦ ¦ ¦ -Bias.";;''-', v .;" --•
CALL- .HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.— The old fight over tn$ :
right of a litigant' to" obtain: the* transfer,
of his case'fronithe court of '• one ' whom
he considers to be -a biased Judge, will
again come up in an amendment which
the" Code Revision Committee? have, added
to the Code of -Civil Precedure.. The re
port will contain a recommendation- In
fayor of making it compulsory for a. Judge
upon the mere filing by the litigant' of an
affidavit alleging bias .to call in some oth-'
er to try the case. .
The same point was involved In an at
tempt made four years ago to.have a- bill
providing such precedure passed by the
Legislature. It was then directed at Uhe
removal of the famou3 mining suit, known
as the Hale & Norcross case " from - the
jurisdiction of Judge Heb"bard of the Su-'
pcrior Court of San Francisco, to whom
the case had . been assigned. Under: the
procedure then, and now. when a litigant
alleges bias upon the part of the Judge
trying his case v he. must file with that,
pame Judge affidavits ; to. prove bias, and,
that Judge is the 'One who passes, upon
the affidavits.' It, was alleged four years
ago that this was. 'In: effect. 'a: Judge -leg-.
iplatlnr; upon himself, and that the situa
tion was illogical and absurd.,. It': was
urged that when a litigant believed- his
Judge was biased, to file an affidavit', to
that, effect and haVo it fail pf achieving a
transfer, would be to make matters worse
than they were, : and therefore . the only
safe way was to have the' filing of an"af
fidavit alleging bias sufficient to compel
the- trial Judge to. transfer the case to
some other department. . :
A biHprovidlng this was beaten in the
Legislature after a'flcrce fight, as It .was
deemed' that the use to which such privi
lege would bo put by ; persons interested
In escaping a Just' Judge would more than
outweigh any good points tho. measure
might hay e^'f •:..;•> . ; >•.:-, •; ;v " - .-
This year the proposition comes up as
a committee amendment to the bills based
upon the report of. the- Code Commission.
The' point was not included In the report
of the Code Commission, but it was urged
by the committee and was finally adopted
•as a: committee amendment to the-report
upon the Code of Civil Procedure. ' -
The reports upon all the codes will come
In in this way. each code being completed
by. the committee and reported before the
next is taken up. '
A report of the committee, a 1 joint body,
composed of the code revision committees
of houses, 'will be made to the.Sen
ate and the Assembly on Tuesday. - It will
be' only c -partial • report, and will include
the 'amendments made by the committee
to. the. bill relating to the Code of Civil
Procedure... : . , .. ... . .
Alleged Murderer Caught. .
PHOENIX. Ari^., Feb. 3.— Deputy Sher
iff Lee Hobbs of .-Cltftonand'Abram, Mo
liho, a special Southern Pacific- detective,
captured at Clifton a Mexican* named Al
vitas-.rwho, with others,, lscharged. with
the murder * at ,Isleta.;Tex., of a mer
chant a ycaf ago andof a 1 subsequent ; at
tempt <to wreck .a Southern < train
near JEl'. Paso. : . A •¦.;%'-¦ • : ,
Veterans of Civil War Meet.
The Veterans of the Civil War Associa
tion held a committee meeting Saturday
evening in ' the Parrott biulding to make
arrangements for their State convention
and camp. fire. Martin Murray called the
meeting to order and stated that since the
Ip_st meeting a letter had been sent- to
President McKJnley -and an answer. had
been received relating lo his visit to this
coast. It was decided to appoint a com
mittee of two to co-opprate with the gen
eral committee consisting of John L.
Hoone and General John F. Sheehan to
represent the Veterans of tho Civil War
Association at the reception to the Presi
dent. The. chair also appointed the fol
lowing "additional comrade* to serve on
the committee of arrangements: W. 11.
Makinson of Oakland, John Davis of Los
Angeles, John A. Robertson of Nevad i,
W. H. Sayers of Chico. Captain B. F
Leeds of Alcatraz- Island and G. A. Rob
inson of Winnemucca. Further appoint
ments will follow.
IS TORN TO ATOMS . -
BY UTTBrO-QIiYCEBJN
and Not a Vestige of Them
Um Found.
Man and His Team Blown to Pieces
INDIANAPOLIS, Feb.. 3.— By an explo
sion of 700 Quarts of nltro-glycerln at the
magazine of the Gas Belt -Torpedo Com
pany.- four miles northeast of Alexandria,
to-day Percy Fort, a carrier for the Com
pany, with his team of horses, tho wagon
and* the magazine, was blown to atoms,
not a vestige of them having since been
found. A hole fifteen feet deep and forty
feet wide was left where the magazine
formerly stood, v
STABBED FOR REFUSING :
•TO SELL A DRINK
Fullerton Hotel Proprietor Fatally
Wounded by an Intoxicated •
Mexican. ' . •
FULLERTON, Feb. 3.— Al Ebanks, pro
prietor of the Fullerton Hotel, was
stabbed and probably fatally wounded to
night by a drunken Mexican. Ebanks re
fused to sell the Mexican a drink of wino
because of the latter's condition, where
upon the Mexican drew a knife and cut
Ebanks in the abdomen. The Mexican,
who is a Bection employe, was arrested.
Ebanks is 25 years old and has a wife and
family. ¦
Brutally Beaten by Robbers.
: 'SAN LUIS OBISPO. Feb. 3.— Lonnle
Lewis was last night beaten and, robbed
of $216 at the station at Edna, San Luis
Obispo County, where he is agent. Two
men, entered the station at 7 o'clock. They
pounded Lewis on the head and kicked
him in the abdomep and then tied him.
His head was badly bruised. He w»3 not
discovered until nearly midnight, The
robbers are supposed to be the men who
robbed the Capitola and Aptos stations.
Steamer in Distress.
MILWAUKEE, Feb. 3.— A Steamer bfe
lieved to be the car ferry Muskegon, with
a crew of twenty men on board, was re
ported off South Milwaukee this after
noon blowing signals of distress." The
steamer continued blowing whistles for
half an hour, and then apparently moved
to the southward. This was the last seen
of her. " . ¦
GALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 3.-For a body that
has earned & reputation for being
slow, : the ' present Assembly has
managed to put in rather a hur
ried week since last-Sunday. With ses
sions and committees going as usual, It
has found time to raise riot with the Parl3
Commission, to threaten investigation o.
the San' Francisco Police Department, to
fight four times over health bills that the
Governor Is forcing through, and to do
various -other turns on the side that take
time and add to. the ffay.ety and interest
of nations.. :
The Senate for the srast week has been
like a horse cone lame, for it has been,
in a seven days' fear of a quorum lack
ing. A good part of }iv membership has
been junketing through the south as far
as San Diego, and as a consequence mow
than once It would have taken only two
or three negative votes to kill a bill. As
a consequWe important measures have
been passed on file until there Is left a
fine list for the Senate to act upon thl3
week. " •
The House has kept to its work, how
ever, capering gleefully in the light It in
tends to turn upon commissions, and police
departments and such things, and rowing
over the State's health. .
Those blUs from the Governor bear the
stamp of 'Tush legislation" if ever there
was euch a Jthing. They were given to t.ho
Sneaker of the. House to Introduce, and
the wisdom" of the selection is shown by
the fact that it Is due to his efforts as a
presiding officer that tho bills have trotted
along In the 2:10 class and have reached
the wire scr far ahead of time, for in no
case did he yield his place to tho Speaker
pro tern. The result would have been the
same, but It would have looked better.
The efforts of the Speaker have been
assisted materially by a certain parlia
mentary shyness on the part of the op
position; or, perhaps, it was merely, that
the opposition leaders were not quick of
wit. On Friday last, by>a vote of A2, to 23,
a bare majority of those present, the bills
were made a special order for baturdav.
No one raised the olntof order that the
vote was not sufficient, and no one had the
: wit to demand a roil call. On Saturday
morning, while JohnEon, Fisk. Kincald
and a half dozen others were scurrying
around the Assembly chamber in a fran
tic endeavor to drum up another vote or
1 two, not one of the opposition had th*
I foresight to demand toot the result of tiie
! roll -call be announced, although It wa.»
i hanging fire for. ten minutes. And then,
to cap it all.'Feliz. a Democrat, who had
opposed the bill as a saint would oppose
Satan arose and changed his vote from
"no" 'to "aye" in order that he might
reconsider a vote that had already ginvs
as he wished It to go. It was a great
triumph for Monterey: ¦ • '
• Kincaid of San Joaauin shone like a
chameleon in the tangle, for j.c changed
his voting complexion several times 'an-3
mine, but If the people of Paris were led
to believe that all California was like the
Paris headquarters, it is probable the
French- colony out here will receive new
members. ¦ . t
It was some time, at least a day, be
fore the. committee got its calcium to work
properly. The members were not good on
cross-examination and they let a great
deal slip that they might have nailed, and
they went on false trails without number
and with the cheerful energy of a houjid
after an, anise seed bag. .The scent waa
hot enough but there were no . results
Stewart was particularly good at this
sport. .
Melick has been the greatest ' sufferer, '
for, being a newspaper man, he cannot
help asking questions, and his questions
go more toward the news than the evi
dence. He was roasted by Foote the first
day, and unnecessarily so, for the com
mittee tempted baiting by meekly sitting
by and waiting for it to come. There ha-;
never been a man at the bar who has so
liked to badger and bully and rattle a
witness as Foote, and to be the "badgee"
was something new to him. When he
found the committee would take no more
of it he wisely stayed away. .
The committee to investigate the Sap
Francisco Police Department is causing
but little comment up. here, as its work
must necessarily be done In the city, it
is considered a good committee and one
that will bring in a report in accordance
with what facts it finds. •
Sacramento will make a determined
fight next week before the Apportionment
Committee to retain ' the Assemblymat
she is in such danger of losing. It has made
the Sacramento delegation "gritty," and
as" a consequence a little discipline has
been " In order. Devlin's opposition, to a
measure. In the Senate is a material aid
to its "passage, and his amendments to
bills are voted down with a regularity
and good nature that Is exasperating. He
is well liked and a bright lawyer, but ho
seems not to be on the Inside. Melick is
getting the same kind of. discipline in tho
Assembly. He cannot leave his seat but
the Speaker's gavel raps sharply and the
"Assemblymen out of their seats are or
dered to their places." Melick objected
once to being so pointedly ordered home
when other and more favored Assembly
men were allowed to forage for votes, but
it only brought on "words" between him
and the Speaker after the session, and the
trouble was aggravated.
The bill transferring the $48,600 from the
Governor's mansion fund to the .funds of
the State University has been withdrawn
after a fight by tho Sacramento delega
tion. Sacramento has more need for the
mansion than for the State University.
With a $50,000 mansion as well as a Capi
tol, it will be doubly hard to move the
seat of State government from the city
by the muddy river.
Assemblyman W.F. Chandler of Fresno
fancies that the Legislature should over
look propositions to investigate everything
in sight and settle down to tho hard work
of considering the bills on file. He voted
against the resolution to Investigate the
Police Department of San Francisco. •
PROPOSED AMENDMENT
TO BROUGHTON BELL
Committee of Angel enos Will Work
to Have the Measure
'Changed. •' - ¦<
CALL /HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 3.— Frank R. Thomas, at
torney for the Traction Company of Los
Angeles. Dr. William Lemoyne Wills and
C. F. Guthridge arrived here from Los
Angeles this evening., They have come in
the Interests of, the amendments submit
ted by the Traction Company to Broughi
ton's franchise bill. The only one which
was not added to the Broughton bill was
that fallowing, the governing body of a
municipality to grant a franchise without
advertisement' when the owners of two
thirds of the property fronting on the nro
r< ™ d ' ££ nt L hl8e v 8ha11 Petition for k P
me bill has been passed bv tho a*
sembly and will come before the Sentte
this week. Should-, it be amended n« thf
Traction Company wishes th&As^mw,,
will hardly concur In the amSndnfent fo-
It was once declined In .the Assembly Com
?i i i t S!?i,? n ' ; - Mun 'f lpal Corporations whTn
i^% bul ,. waS K Under consideration -'the* e
Burned to Death.
ASPEN, Colo., Feb. 3.-Mrs Thomas
Green, an aged woman, wife, of an- old
time ; mine -prospector, was burned to
death last. night la herhome in the sub^
The controversy over the bills on Fri
day has added one more to the legislative
bon mots that deserve bein< made of rec
ord. Schlesinger was arguing Tor . de
lay, and he appealed to the courtesy of
Johnson, who was center rush In the llna
i.i'hind the bills, declaring that he had al
ways been courteous to Johnson and John
sou should reciprocate. Courtesy In any
thing connected with :h9 Governor seemei
to spur Johnson's wit to unwonted ac
tivity. ••: -¦ . • • ¦ .
".For anything I have received in the
past from Mr. Schlesinger," he- replied, "I
ara.uuly gratotul. u'or everything i am
.to receive in the future, may God give
me strength to- bear." ' ¦
The most peculiar thing in connection
with the whole plague controversy was
the presence of the arch bacillus of them
all. Dr. J. J. Kiriyoun. in Sacramento dur
ing the thick of the flght.and registered
at the Capital under an assumed name.
How the doctor expected to .make his way
through Sacramento without being recog
nized is an Interesting query, and why
such a small artifice should suggest It
self to a man with nerve enough to quar
antine the State of California. is a prob
lem in human nature. Ho was recognized
as he stepped out of the bus from, the
train, in front of the Capital Hotel. He
had not been ten minutes In town. He Is
on the hotel resister as "J. Keenan." He
said he came up on personal business, and
he registered as Keenan because : ¦ he
thought it would ."look bad" if it wera
known he was in town during the consid
eration of the plague bills; but it could
hardly have looked worse than It did.
The Paris Commission injUlry probably
will sputter out like a wet candle this
week. There have been many things de
scribed and charged, which, could they
be proved, might make a few sensation,
but none of them haye so far. been proved
It has been a case of judgment : all
through. Witnesses have sworn that the
$130,000 was squandered in riotous revelry
¦and a cheap exhibit, while others have
declared that the hospitality of the head
quarters, which no one denies, was lav
ish and unending, waa just what touched
the hearts of the neople in Paris, and, via
the heart, probably will reach the. purse.
Foote has been described one day as scat
tering the State's, dollars to the . fou"
winds, and on another day he has been
held up as the best exhibit the State had
in Paris, and "worth ten times the money.
Moore's relation of Foote's desperate ef
forts, to explain, in pidgin French and
much gesticulation, the wonders- of Cali
fornia to a circle of dazed and befuddled
Frenchmen, has made of Foote a martyr
rather than a spendthrift; a savior of the
State rather than. an enemy of its treas
ury. '. ¦-.':-•.'¦.¦ ; : ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦
-How close a description of Paris Moore's
remark that ."it had no morals to shock"
was, tho committee did not • deter-
then adopted a neutral tint and did not
vote. This was after Feliz had turned
his handspring, and after Ktncald hal
been the loudest of a group fhat argued
Hubbard froramo to^aye. To h.ear him
one would have believed he intended to
vote aye twice, but "when it came to u
showdown he would not vote at all.
HOW THE COMMITTEE OF FIVE. APPOINTED BY THE STATE LEGISLATURE TO LEXOW THE POLICE DE
PARTMENT OF SAN '.FRANCISCO.' IS PREPARING FOR ITS DUTIES. ONE OF THECALL'S CARTOONISTS
DELINEATES HIS IMPRESSIONS OF THE MATTER.
NATEONAI, WIRE COMPANY'S
PLANT IS DESTHOX ED
Establishment Reduced to Ruins
Oising- to Lack of Facilities
for Fighting- Fire.
NEW HAVEN. Conn., Feb. 3.— Fire
frcm an unknown cause destroyed the
large plant of the National Wire Company j
at Fair Haven early this morning, entail
ing a property -oss estimated at 5325,000.
The plant consisted cf two one-story
buildings which covered about five acres
of ground space and all except the wire
and nail department was reduced to ruins
through the lack of facilities for fighting
the flames.
The Fair Haven hose company found
Itself unable to cope with the situation.
and a call waa Eent to New Haven for
help. This the local department refused,
except the sending of one steamer and a
boM cart, on the ground that the wire
works, situated outside the city limits.
¦were not entitled to protection from Xew I
Haven. The plant was formerly the Xew
Haven Wire Company and employed
about COO hand3. _
WHZSET9 TRUST HAS
MONOPOLY UT DENVER
Adopts a Plan That Results in Shut
ting Out All Compe
tition.
DENVER, Feb. 3. -The whisky trust
has practically a monopoly of the market
In Denver, where perhaps more whisky
Is consumed than in any other city of its
fcize In America. The trust shuts out
competition by the following' plan: Trust
whisky Is shipped to Denver by . the
uainloaa consigned to a wholesale agent.
who attends to the distribution. The
agent visits the saloons and offers to
send whisky right along, the payment to
be made after the liquor is disposed of.
Vhe majority of the saloon-keepers are
receiving whisky on consignment. W. H.
Gilpln, a Buffalo, N. Y., agent, tried to
Fell whisky in bond yesterday and made
the discovery that under the trust's
r-cheme the saloon-keeper3 had no use
for his certificates.
¦ ? -
PRESIDENT BITRT TAIKS -
OP THE UmOir PACIFIC
Says Southern Pacific Control Will
2Jot Affect Present Truffle
Arrangements. .
TCETV YORK. Feb. 3.— The Tribune to
morrow will say: Horace G.'Burt, presi
dent of the Union Pacific, Is at" the. Wal
dorf-Astoria.. In an interview he ex
plained at length the conditions of" the
Union Pacific, wtich has just acquired
the Southern Pacific. . He said thaf the
great transaction would not affect present
traffic arrangements. Speaking of the
rhanges which are being made on the
main line in Wyoming, he said that about
299 miles of road had been practically re
built, materially reducing the grades. In
another two years still- more important
changes on the divide and the Salt Lake
section In Western Utah will be* com
pleted. The road win be shortened about
thirty-four miles, making tbe distance be
tween Council Blulfs and Ogden practical
ly 1000 miles. •• -
• ? .. 'i"-> r.
YOU2TG PRINCE SEEKS -
TO HELL * HTMSELT
Was the Publisher of a Russian News
paper That Was Recently
Suppressed. .
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 3.-Prince Pa
rlatlnsky. the youthful publisher of the
Northern Courier, which was . recently
suppressed for 'its radical tendency, shot
himself last Thursday, 'Inflicting a dan
gerous wound.- -His 'parents have never
forgiven the marriage he made several
years ago with -Jllle. Yavorskaya. an
actress, nor did they approve of his news
paper enterprise, which absorbed the bulk
of the estate of the Prince. The family
ranks among the highest Russian nobility.
Alleged Secret Treaty.
LONDON, Feb. 4.-"It Is asserted in this
city," says the Berlin correspondent of
the Dally Mail "that Russia and ' th»
United States have concluded a secret
agreement admitting Prussian eugar free
of differential duties to the United
States. Russia In turn makes certain con
cessions to America."
Railway Communication Opened.
BERLIN. Feb. 3.— The German War Of
fice has received a dispatch . from Count
von Waldersee. dated Peking, which an
nounces that railway communication has
been restored between Peking, Fengtai
and Paotingiu.
Tenement Houses Burned.
NASHVILLE. Tenn., Feb. 3.— Fire to
night at the W. B. Earthman Lumber
Company's plant destroyed lumber, ware
houses, twelve tenement houses and nine
frieght cars. Lofs, ?100.<Ki0.
sutckle conoaissioirKB •.
TO CHOOSE TEXTBOOKS
State Board of Education Sub-Com
mittee in Favor of This
Plan.
CALIi HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-
MENTO, Feb. 3 —There was a meeting to
day of- the sub-committee appointed by
the State Board of Education at Its meet
ing yesterday to consider the draft of a
bill providing a Text Book Commission.
At yesterday's gathering It was tacitly
agreed that the Text Book Commission
Bhould consist of one Commissioner, who
would act with the State Superintendent
of Public Instruction and the State Print
er, to form, a commission of three. When
the sub-committee came to consider the
bill further this morning it was decided
that the State Superintendent had already
so many duties that to include those of a
Text Book Commissioner would be to over
burden the office wit?; work, so it was
suggested that there be but one Text
Book Commissioner, he to work under the
supervision of the State Board of Educa
tion and at Its direction.
The bill which the sub-committee de
cided to recommend to the board as a sub
stitute for the one favorably considered
yesterday will provide for one Text Book
Commissioner, at a salary of $3000 a year,
who will be allowed a clerk and stenogra
pher at a salary of tlOO a month whenever
necessary. The reason for the change was
to have in the hands of the State board
control and direction of the selection of
all copyrighted text book matter. It will
be the duty of the Commissioner to dis
cover and to recommend valuable matter
to the board, which will then direct Its
purchase if it be deemed advisable.
• There will be another- meeting of the
State Board of Education to-morrow, at
which the new bill will be considered.
The sub-committee which met to-day
was composed of State Superintendent
Kirk, Professor Daly, president of the San
Jose Normal School, and Professor Black,
president of the San Diego Normal School.
APPORTIONMENT WILL
COME TO THE FRONT
Joint Committees to- Consider the
Various Redistricting Bills
This Week.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. ' SACRA-
MENTO. Feb. 3.— Apportionment will
come to the front in legislation this week.
The committees on elections and on cen
sus and apportionment of Senate and As
sembly districts will hold meetings ] to
morrow, and to-morrow night the two
committees on elections will hold a joint
meeting to consider, the- various appor
tionment bills now before the Legislature.
From them will be drafted a measure
that will come as near as possible to satis
fying the demands of all parts of the
State.-
A resolution appointing the additional
attaches of the Assembly decided upon in
caucus last week probably will be report
ed to-morrow, though Chairman Kelley of
the Republican caucus is. away with the
sub-committee from the Ways and Means
Committee on Its junketing trip to the
Southern California. State Institutions.
Jacob Steppacher Is here, ready to begin
his work as apportionment clerk If the
caucus action be ratified by the Assembly.
It is generally recognized that his ser
vices- are needed to assist in the legis
lative apportionment of San Francisco
.particularly.
The Senate committee, .consisting of
members from the Prisons, Hospitals and
Finance committees, appointed to visit the
Southern California institutions which are
asking for appropriations, has returned.
It visited the San Diego and I»s Anzclea
Normal Schools, the State . Hospital at
Highlands and the "Whittier State School.
The members will caucus to-morrow and
decide upon the committee report concern-
Ing the needs of those' institutions.
RAILWAY, BUILDING
§•¦";' , ON A RAPID SCALE
Oregon City Company Hashes Work
to Forestall a . Possible *V-. : ;
' Injunction.
OREGON CITY. Feb. 3.— Early this
morning seventy-five men went to work
laying rails for the Fields franchise for
an extension of the East. Side Railway to
the end of the city limits for a motor line
in the. direction of Canemah. • "Work is be
ing continued to-niglit, and Manager
Fields says that the cars will be running
to the terminus of the city limits by mid
night. ;
The county Board of Commissioners had
annulled the Fields franchise for right of
way over the road to Canemah, but Fields
had undisputed right over the ground on
Main street in the city. The work to-ddy
and to-night wa3 to forestall any injunc
tion from the city or private Individuals
in getting the work done by April 3.
Victory for Vaughn. *
WOODLAND, Feb. 3.-The Nelson-
Vaughn contest, was concluded yester
day. Judge Angellotti awarded the
election to Vaughn, the contestee. by a
plurality of two. -Of the illegal votes
thrown out, three were due to errors in
the County Clerk's office in registering
voters in precincts in which they* did not
reside. . It was the rejection of these bal
lots that gave Vaughn his plurality. Coun
sel for contestant asked that the findings
be filed at such time as' would give them
ample opportunity, to prepare a bill of
exceptions for an appeal. Judge Aneel
lotti said ample time would be given. "
Death of Christian Hauser.
*. SACRAMENTO. Feb. 3. -Christian
Hauser died ; here to-day of lockjaw
caused by a gunshot wound. About a
week ago, while hunting, he got some mud
into the muzzle. of his gun and while tri
ing < to^ remove It the weapon was dis
charged.- blowing . off a portion of : one of
hla ttngera. The wound seemed to be heal- 1
Ing until. yesterday; when lockjaw set ta.
BAH* STILL FAIXI1XG
• v .I; IN THE SOUTHLAND
Season's Total Downpour at San Diego
Far Ahead of That of &
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 3,-As though not
content to bless • Southern California
singly the weather god put in a double
dose to-day and added another third of
an Inch to the fall which was already
nearly two Inches ahead of last season.
The entire back country has received a
wetting such as it has not had in four
or five years. The total fall In San Dteso
was .S3 of an inch up- to 5 o'clock, makins
4.38 Inches for the season. It has rained
hard since 5 o'clock and is still pouring
down.
The back country and the foothills ami
mountain valleys, where the rain would
do the most good, received more than did
the city. In El Cajon Valley .70 of an
inch fell during the day and at Alpine
¦ end Cuyamaca the fall was considerably
more than . that. Descanso reports 2.5
Inches for twenty-four hours and 17
for the storm. The artificial reservoirs
in the mountains are fast filling with
water and fully 3500 inches Is. running
over Barrett's dam Rnd 1000 Inches over
the Morena dam. There Is nearly seven
teen feet of water in Cuyamaca reser
voir, which has been dry as- a bone since
1S97. Acreage in grain is large and it is
looking fine.
San Diego's District Fair.
BAN DIEGO. Feb. 3.— At a meeting of
the board of directors of the San Diego
Agrlculturla Society yesterday it was
decided that the fair next month should
be held In Turner Hall and in. the open
half block adjoining. The fvnsdgvoted by
the State is available for pRflBnu until
next June, and the dlrectorfpjabckled to
use It before that time. FraBltTA. Kim
ball of National City was elected super
intendent. Two new names were sub
mitted to the Governor for appointment,
vice two of those who failed to qualify.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VAXiLEJO. Feb. 3.— Canton Vallejo No.
IS. Patriarchs Militant. Independent Or
der of Odd Fellows, was Instituted last
night with pomp and ceremony. The in
stalling officer was General II. O. Ero
mer, assisted by Ucnerala J. F. Crosett
and K. H. Black and Lieutenant Colonel
W. S. Potter, aid to the grand sire. Can
ton San Francisco No. 5, Canton Oakland
No. 11 and Canton Santa Rosa. Xo. 23 took
part. There were ; visitors from other
cantons throughout the State, including
Colonel W. H. Sherburn and staff of Can
ton Sacramento. . .
The Santa Rosa and Sacramento dele
gations marched with the Vallejo con
tingent to meet the visitors from Oak
land and San Francisco, who arrived at
8 o'clock In the. evening. The procession
of full-uniformed Patriarchs marched tr»
San Pablo Hall, hearted by Vallejo's Po
lice Department and the Vallejo Hussar
band.
After the Institution of Canton Vallejo
No. IS the visitors, 130. In number, were
entertained by their newly elected broth
ers. Canton Vallejo has a charter list
of thirty members of the local encamp*
meat
Contingent From the Bay Cities In.
vades the Naval Town to Lend
'Assistance to the Install
ing Officer. , 1Jt;
ENTERTAIN VISITING BRETHREN
TMrty Members ol tie
Order Become Patri
archs Militant.
Special m^pstch to The Call.
EEATTLE, Feb. 3.— Marooned for two
days and two E&bts upon a little rock
Island jutting up through the turbulent
waters cf l>ecei»tion Pass was the unus.
ual &nd unpleasant experience of John
Lewis and C. F. MltchclL Their rescue.
half famished and aihirst, was scarcely
Itss remarkable than the accident itself.
Lewis and Mitchell, both experienced
sailors, were cruisinc among the islands
of the lower sound in m open centerboard
sloop about twcnty-&lx feet In lengta.
From the waters lying between Whidby
Island and the mainland they attempted
to pass out to the; opeu Strafts of l-"ue;\
through Deception, Pass, a meet danger
ous channel even in summer weather, and
i».t this season in thvi lull &w«ep of the
winter tides a recular maelstrom. '
About midway in tlie pass the boat was
caught by a whirlpool and swept up
against one of the many little rock isl
ands. Lewis and Mitchell scrambled
out upon the rocks and while looking for
a. place where the boat rnicht b.<5 safeiv
moored a twist of waters swept the paint
er £rom their grasp and the boat went
whirling down ihe pass toward the straits.
The shores en both sides of the pass arc
precipitous.
There are very few houses along- them
and none within sight of the rock UDon
which the men were marooned. Steamers
avoid the pass during: the winter season.
The situation seemed desperate. There
was no fresh water on the rock and
rcarcely any vegetation. After two
•lays had passed without a sign of re
lief they found a bit of-<irift timber on the
rock capable of supporting In the water
The weiffht of one man. Lots were cast
and it Celt to Lewis lo make the desper
ate effort.
Astride the timber he entrusted himsell
to the waters, and twisting and turning
was carried out to the straits. Outside
the mouth of the pays the man and his
pir.pular craft happened to attract the at
tention of the lightkeeper at Dewey.
Lewis was picked up ai.d with the assist
ance of the Hg-htkeepcr and others went
back and brought Mitchell from the rocks.
The boat has not yet been returned. •
Iightkeeper at Dewcy Picks Him
Up and Sends a Boat to the
Rescue of His Com
panion.
ONE SWIMS IN SEARCH OP AID
WHirlpool Capsizes THeir
Craft in Deception
Pass.
SAILORS PASS
TWO DAYS ON
BARREN ROCK
DIGGING OUT
WEALTH FROM
THE KOYOKUK
Claims In the New District
. Yield Rich Returns
to Miners.
PROVISIONS ARE PLENTIFUL
Three Hen Break a Trail to Fort
¦ Yukon and Bring 'the First
. Hews From the Klon
dike's Rtv-al.
t .
Special IMspatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Feb. 3.— Threfc men who be-
Heve the Koyukuk country the greatest
on earth arrived at Dawson early in Janu
ary. They are. A. K. Thompson, H. Bohler
and T. A. Snooks, who left Battles, -the
chief trading post up the Kpyukuk;j "on
November 22, and-brokd trail all the way
out to Fort Yukon. It was hard work,
but the trip - down the Chandelar was
made in twenty days. They say that'
mining Is actively going on on the creeks,
about 250 men wintering In the country.
Provisions are plentiful." . . - • . •'
Myrtle Creek, the stream .on which so
many hopes werfe centered last spring,
has turned out to be the .poorest in the
district. Only three claims on it . are
yielding pay. The best diggings are Gold
Kmma. tiold Bench and Horseshoe.. On
Cold Bench, where Bonier is interested,
about twenty claims have been staked,
and a number of men are now at work
preparing for summer sluicing. The bench
lies along the south fork of the Koyukuk.
It has an elevation of about twentv-flve
feet above the general level of tile river,
and pays from. 2 cents to as high as $5 '
to th« pan, from" the grass roots down.
Xo bedrock has ever been struck on this
bench, the -pay. dirt extending only to a
depth of about six feet. • As high as $S0 a
day has been rocked out, and men last
fall averaged from 520 to $100 a day shov
eling into the sluices. Bohier has a poke
with several hundred dollars' worth, of
dust.
The gold resembles that of Lower Do
minion, excepting that.it Is not quite bo
dark. It assays $18.77 to the ounce.
On Gold Creek, wheh flows into the mid
dle fork, winter diggings have been found.
Gold is found there with quartz attached,
showing the existence of a mineralized |
belt in that vicinity. The gold on Emma ;
is very pure, assaying $19.74 to the ounce.
That from Myrtle Creek assays $19.03.
EICHNZSS OF THE POBCTJPINE.
Three Thousand Dollars Taken From
a Space Four Feet Square. '. .
SEATTLE, F«b. 3.-Rev. J. j. Walter
arrived at Skasuay from Haines last
week and relates a wonderful example of
the richness of the Porcup/ne.
"Just as I was preparing to leave the
hotel for the ' boat," said he, "four
men who had mushed out from the Por
cupine arrived and told a remarkable
story. From a space four feet square on
Porcupine Creek dust worth $3000 was tak
en out. 1 did riot learn the number of the
claim, but" the men seemed to be'tellin<
the truth. While In Hainej= I met several
men from Bear Cre«k and all told of
rich finds having been made and unanW
inously agreed that that creek would
prove wonderfully rich next year.
"'The trail up the Chilkat Is reported to
be very bad, there being ten feet' of soft
snow on it that makes freighting impoi
stble. There is quite a large crowd of
men waiting at Haines for the trail to be
opened and there seems to be a very large
quantity, of goods on the -wharf.".. • .
VALLEJO ODD
FELLOWS FORM
HEW CANTON
Bptdal Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO. Feb. 3.— "Walter Clark, a
young man about 23 years of age, was
found dead near South Vallejo this morn
ing. He had succumbed to the effects
of a charge of shot that had entered his
race, head and chest. ¦ Garneid . Hansen,
a half-witted foreigner, who lives on a
scow near the place where Clark's body'
was found, is held In prison here to
answer for murder.
Early this morning Clark, -who. It Is
said, had been drinking heavily, tried to
gain entrance to the Ross house In South
Vallejo, but was persuaded by Its in
mates to move alonj?. Shortly afterward
persons heard the report oi a shotgun
near by, but took no notice of It until this
morning, when the body of Clark was
found near the- railroad track, which runs
directly In front of the Ross place. ¦
All evidence points to Ilansen as the
murderer. Chief of. Police Stanford says
the shot was flred from the door of Han
sen's scow and" with Hansen's gun, an
eld musket, which evidently had been
heavily charged. All that remains,- the
Chief says. Is to get proof that Hansen
was the man who pulled the trigger.
Stanford does not believe this will be
hard to do. Hansen is known to have an
uncontrollable temper and was easUy
•wrought up to a frenzied state.
Clark has several brothers and sisters,
who reside here, and it Is believed he
was on his way home when he was ahot.
Walter Clark- Is snot and
Killed in South
Vallesjo.^ -¦
i >
POLICE ARREST GARFIELD HANSEN
Clrctunstaiitlal Evidence Connects the
Half-Wltted Owner of .a Scow
With, the Mysterious ,
Tragedy.
DRUNKEN MAN
FALLS VICTIM
TO MURDERER
PARIS COMMISSION INVESTIGATION
LIKELY TO BE BARREN OF RESULT
Begonil Enlivening the LegislatiYB Session the Lexow Commit
tee Has Little to Show fop .Its Trouble. ¦;>
THE SAN-^BANCISC6: : CALt,' MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4,. 1901.
2
;g To Prevent the Grip
Laxative Bromo-Quinlne removes ' the cause. •
To Cure a Cold in On« Day;
Take I^xatire Bromo Quinln« Tablets. : All
drurrlits refund the notify it it falls to cure.
E. TV. Grove'i Eljcnatawa oa each box. 25c •
¦ ADVEETISEHZSTTS. :
Catarrh, Deafness,
9*y B Qfa0> m lM | K n°Ear S s
JML XPOTI^C Ttroat
Diseases Positively Cured by
DR. COTTINGHAM'Si&Thod
Regular graduate ana expert en EAR. NOSE,
THROAT and LUNG DISRASEa
204 Stitter Street, NW Cor. of Kearny
Hours. 9-12 a. m. ; 1-2 and 7-8 p. m.
nnpp AN HONEST TRIAI. OF ONE
rKrr "WEEK given to show the su-
¦ nui> perior merit of the treatment.
5000 test cases. S5 per cent cured. Call at
once or write for free treatment".
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlee Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRO.1.
1 T U II SflV & TO 50 ° Battery Street.
J-C- nitjUil CLLJ'. Telephone Mala UM.
COPPERSMITH.
CW CMIT R Ship Plumblns. Steamboat and
• H« Jillll 11 Ship Work a specialty. IS and
13 -Washington »t- Telephone- Main SS41.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS/'.
I1C PftVCC £ Tft EMaptaK Butchers. 104
JAS- DUlfcj&CU- day. TeL Main 1394.
OILS.
LCBRICATWO OOS. UjONARO * EUOi
4ft Front «t. B. P. Phone Main MM.
PRINTINQ.
E. C» HUfiflHS. 811 Sansome «l. 9. T.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First st. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
¦"gSg 1 ? PARTRIDGE v.'SSZ*
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL. £S?£SIi
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO., at its OREEM
RIVEB COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal in ta*
market. OfiHc* and Yard*— iSO Main itr»wt.
ORJEYERS&CO. Jpla
Specialists. Disease W&t - f
and -weakness o£ $&& _htl.i^PT_
• men. Established Y$ty
1SSL Consultation vM +2&* v"|
and private* book \3*\, 1 XjncJ
free, at offico or by Men **&&*$*
mail. Cures* guar- i^ffQJ^Kt«5
ket street (elevator / rWl&JC
entrance). S a a
K^D WAY'S BEADK KELlKk" has ttood
r,Vr«v<ii«*i before the pubUc for 50 years as a
Pain Kerned/ i" Instantly relieves and quickly
Tures all Colds. Sore Tbroau. Influenxa. Bron-
chitM Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia,
Headache Toothache and all pain. Internally
f « Mtlarta- and all Bowel Pains. All druggists.
• ¦ . • -ra^^iSANTA CRUZ. Feb. 2.— Ex- President Ben
jamin Harrison has been engaged to make tho
argument . for- this city, before the United
States Supreme Court In: the., bond litigation
set for a hearing next month.
Outside of the farms and ranches there
are 2,777,947 horses 'in the United States.-
The largest number, is found in New York
State. 302,271; Illinois being second ' with
233.807; Pennsylvania, 215.977; Ohio.' 183.RS2:
Iowa, -' 147.275; Massachusetts, .132,$16; Mis-
Bourl, 124,952; Indiana. 124,072; Texas,. 106,-
K19, and .Michigan,- 100,410. " .
Rockefeller's Gifts.
• Mr. '-John' D.I" Rockefeller.-- Is becoming
to ;¦ college ; promotion v. almost what ¦;,•< Mr.
'Andrew, Carnegie la to the public ; library:
Hla latest is a gift 'of \ $200,000, to Oberlln;
<and - whether .there i la •' any -restriction ito
libertyrvof -thought"- on account -of , such
donations, or' not, .the colleges all appear
glad to ! accept them.— Plttsburg , Dispatch.
Hazed a Turk.
A ward of the Sultan was hazed at a
Philadelphia medical college, and says he
is disgraced in his own eyes -and in the
eyes of his countrymen, because. they cut
off nis mustache. It Is strange that a
Turk bhould think so much of cutting off
a mu.3tnc.he tnd so little of cutting oiT
somebody's head. But. of course, . the
head always belonged to the other man. —
\.ashlngton Star. » '
A Georgia Solomon.
A Georgia Judge who tried to Imitate-
King Solomon In deciding the ownership
of a six-months-old baby was ' nonpluss
ed when, as he put the Infant on 1 the table
and announced his Intention of cutting it
in. halves- with a -big iiutcher-knife, ; tho
women cried, "Don't do that; keep It
yourself," and left the courtroom hurried
ly.—Nashville American.
Leaky^ Senators.
Senator Chandler was late in reaching
the. Capitol the • other day, j and was • in
formed by. a sarcastic newspaper man that
an 1 ; executive ; session had just closed.
"What was' done- ln ; the secret session?"
asked the , Senator. ."I really would like
to. tell: you,"; waa the cool reply, "but you
Senators are so leaky that I'm afraid to."
"¦^-Cleveland ; Leader. .
Destroyed by Fire.
A frame building at 66 Joost avenue,
Sunnyslde, owned and occupied by Gu=t
tav Schnee, was totally destroyed by fire
last night." gggjigBSigaagi
John Sweeney, better known as "Brick,",
a south of Market character, attempted
to commit' sulcjlde -by 1 hanging "In a' cell
In the • City Prison last night, after he
had been arrested for ; battery. Sweeney
and • a. man ; named Frank Bristowe, both
of whom reside on Brannan street, - were
arrested early in" the evening by Police
man Callahan' for fighting' and abusing
Sweeney's aged parents. Hj^^SBKWW
At the* City Prison Sweeney was placed
in a cell while ¦ Bristowe - was '¦¦ being
booked. He did not seem despondent and
Joked with his jailers. While, preparing
to lock '¦¦ Brlstowo ! in : a cell ; the I turnkey
heard : a ; great ; gasping from Sweeney's
cell.. He 'hastened to the door, and found
the. prisoner : hanging t rom ' the . bars. - < :
.: Sweeney, had knotted two silk ¦ handker
chiefs,! tied them - around hla neck and
suspended .; hlmsek : from l the 1 bars. * He
was black (In the face," but on* being cut
down i soon recovered. ¦ \ . '.-. ¦
¦ . Sweeney; would « give - no- reason - for his
act," but said he was glad it had not been
successful.'
John Sweeney, Arrestid for
Battery, Attempts to •
Kill Himself.
. »__ .-
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— The Senate
will continue Its discussion of the ship
6ubsidy bill during the first half of the
present week, with probable Interruptions
during the morning hour of each day.
There probably will be a^movement to
secure night sessions onxfhe part of the
friends of the shipping bill Monday or
Tuesday and other strenuous efforts will
be made to secure a vote upon the bill.
If It should appear probable that the end
of the discussion is still not in sight
Senator Allison will on Wednesday a3k
the Senate to take up the bill making
appropriations for the District of Colum
bia for the next fiscal year.
HANGS HIMSELF
IN PRISON CELL
This appropriation bill will be debated
for several days and when its considera
tion Is concluded there will be other ap
propriation bills requiring attention. The
early part of the day Monday will oo
given to the ceremonies In honor of the
memory o£ Chief Justice Marshall, and
Senator Bacon has given notice that he
will astc the attention of the Senato to
some ramarks of his upon the resolution
introduced by himself declaring the right
of the Senate to demand and receive all
papers on rile in the executive depart
ments, lie will speaK at length upon that
question, and if he should conclude dur
ing the day he will be followed by one
of several extended speeches on the sub
sidy bill which are still in reserve. Sen
ator Turner is counted upon for another
speech and in case of a night sesgion
Monday night probably would undertake
to speak the session, out. It Is expected
that Senator Cattery will talk Tuesday.
The Democrats do not hesitate to say
tnat'in case ¦ night sessions are ordered
they will demand that a quorum shall, be
maintained.
On Saturday eulogies will bo delivered
in honor of the late Representative Har
merof Pennsylvania.
The House will continue the considera
tion of appropriation bills this week. The
postoffico appropriation bill is not* yet
completed. It will be followed' by the
consular and diplomatic bill and the sun
dry civil bill, which last. will be reported
to the House to-morrow. The bills to
promote the efficiency of the . revenue
cutter service and to establish a national
standardizing bureau and conference re
ports will consume whatever time re.
malns. . To-morrow the exercises in con
nection with the celebration of the cen
tennial ; anniversary of John Marshall's
appointment of Chief Justice of the
United States will be held in the House
from 10. to 1 o'clock.
0IM I 1 K"H"I-:-**-H"M"H"I"M--I-#
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.W..
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— President Mc-
Kinley has at his disposal more than 300
staff appointments, the finest places out
side the grades of major eeneral and
brlg-adler general In the new army. Few
of these places are open to civilians unless
they have had volunteer service, and these
few are In the pay corps. Under the terms
of the army reorganization law the Presi
dent "may" appoint volunteers to vacan
cies existing in this branch of the service.
Senators having relatives or friends anx
ious to enter tho service have not hesi
tated to strongly indorse them for ap
pointment in the pay corps, even to the
exclusion of volunteers from their own
districts who are anxious to obtain com
missions. The President will appoint
twenty-seven paymasters, two with rank
of major and twenty-live with rank of
captain.
He will also promote twelve officers of
the regular establishment to be assistant
adjutant generals, with the rank of major.
Colonel Theodore Bchwan, assistant ad
jutant general, will be appointed brigadier
general and Immediately retired. Lieuten
ant Colonel A. J. Babcock, assistant ad
jutant general, will then be promoted to
the grade of colonel. Major George An
drews and Major J. A. Johnson, also as
sistant adjutant general, will be promoted
to the grade of lieutenant colonel.
In the inspector general's department
Lieutenant colonel J. P. Sanger, recently
mustered out as brigadier general of vol
unteers, will receive promotion to the
grade of colonel. Major T. T. Knox and
Major S. C. Mills, Inspectors general, will
be nominated to be lieutenant colonels.
The President will appoint seven officers
to be inspectors general, with rank of
major.
Lieutenant Colonel John W. Clous, who
will succeed General Lieber as judge ad
vocate general, will be appointed lieuten
ant colonel, and the President will have
four vacancies In the grade of judge ad
vocate to fill. One of the men to be ap
pointed will be the son of Representative
Hull. •
In the quartermaster's department Lieu
tenant Colonels J. M. Marshall and John
Simpson will be promoted to the grade of
colonel: Majors Charles Bird, J. L. Clem
and W. S. Patten will be made lieutenant
colonels', and Captains C. B. Thompson,
M. C. Martin, O. F. Long, K. S. Dudley.
F. von Schrader. J. E. Sawyer, R. R.
Stevens. F. • G. Hodgson and J. B. Bell
inger will be nominated as majors.
The President- will appoint forty officers
as captains and assistant quartermasters,
some of whom may be volunteers. He will
also retain in the service twenty-four vol
unteer assistant quartermasters.
In the subsistence department Lieuten
ant Colonel H. G. Sharpe will be. promoted
to tho grade of colonel: Majors W. • L.
Alexander, H. B. Osgood and E. E. Dravo
to tho grade of lieutenant colonel, and
Captains G. B.. Davis. II. S. Duval. B. K.
West and A. D.- Niskern' to be majors.
Tho President will appoint twenty-three
officers to be captains and assistant com
missaries.
The sreatest number of appointments
will be made In the medical department.
The President will, appoint 129 physicians
as captains and first lieutenants. -Lieu
tenant Colonels J. M. Brown and Charles
Smart will, be promoted to the, grade "of
colonel; Majors J. B. G'rard. Ezra Wood
ruff. J. D. Hall and P. F. Harvey will be
made .*eutcnant colonels, and Captains "A.
S. Polemus, W. C.Borden, E. A; Mearns,
G. L,. Edle, W. D. Crosby, W. L. Kneed
ler, C. M. Gandy. C. B. Ewlngr." W. IX
RlcCaw. J. B. Kean, IT. I." Raymond, F.' J.
Ives, W. P. Kendall and E. R. Morriss
w.il bo made majors. *
Appointments to Be Made
by President Owing to,
New Army Bill.
MANY OFFICERS
TO BE PROMOTED
First Savings Bank.
The first savings bank established In tha
United States was In Philadelphia, which
opened December 2. 1816. It Is said that
the first deposit made in this bank was
the sum of "s. handed over the counter
by -a boy. The bank was entitled "The
Savings Fund Society of Philadelphia."
The first bank of this kind established In
New York was ' chartered . on November ¦
23, 1S16. and went Into business July 3,
1S19.— Philadelphia Times.
FIGHTING HARD
FOR THE SUBSIDY
Strenuous Efforts to Be Made
to Force the Bill to
a Vote.
WASHINGTON. Feb. S.-Congressman
Shafroth of the Committee on Coinage.
Weights and Measures has prepared the
minority report upon the bill directing the
Secretary of the Treasury to exchange
Brold for legal tender silver dollars when
presented to the treasury, and will file the
same to-morrow". The minority report
sa ys : •
We object to the passage of this measure: •
1. Because It will impose increased burdens
upon the gold reserve or the Treasury. To say
that it will not Is to deny the recognized prin
ciple of supply and demand. To add the
EOO.OOO.OCO of silver dollars which r.ow act as
redemption money for the" silver certificates,
mid are not a charge upon the gold reserve,
to the moneys which are redeemable in gold
must creatly Increase the burdens upon the
Treasury reserve. It cannot be safe for a
nation to increase its cold obligations with
out increasing Its reserve.
2. Because It will create a new endless chain
upon the gold reserve of the Treasury. Th->
policy of the Government heretofore has been
to diminish the obligations redeemable In gold
and thereby prevent runs upon the Treasury.
The gold standard advocates have unanimously
contended that the greenbacks should be re
tired, so as to relieve the Government of -the
necessity and cost of maintaining a gold . re
serve. They contended that the Government
should go out of the banking business. This
measure Is a reversal of that policy. It- creates
new obligations upon the reserve; It plunges
the Government deeper Into the banking busi
ness.
3. Because it facilitates the exportation of
gold. By making the principal medium oC ex
change used by the people redeemable In gold,
it becomes much easier for the exporter of
cold to cather up' obligations payable in that
metal and present them to the Treasury for
exchange. No other nation on earth facili
tates the export of gold. The scramble of the
European nations at the present time for gold
should demonstrate the necessity for legisla
tion discouraging instead of encouraging the
exportation ot that metal.
. 4. Because it will produce the destruction
of silver dollars and • sliver certificates as
money. When silver dollars are made, pay
able In gold, they become simply promises to
pay. . What government would maintain prom
isee to pay stamped upon as ilAir material us
silver, when they could be printed upon paper
at no appreciable cost? Would It not be foolish
for. the nation to keep Invested in promises to
pay ?250, 000,000 (the bullion value of her silver
dollars) when she could print them upon paper
and save that amount ? Nearly , every witness
that testified before the committee admitted
that the measure would ultimately produce a
retirement- of the silver dollars and a eaJe of
the same n« bullion. • This Is a new policy in
the treatment of the precious metals. No na
tion on the face df the globe discredits Us sil
ver, coins by. making them simply promises to
pay. No government redeems Its silver - In
(Old. Why should this nation, which produces
one-third of all the silver of the world, be
the very first to strike down one of Its own
Important Industries? " •
: 6. Because it will depress the prices of all
commodities and property. This measure will
make gold do all the work of basic money
now done by both gold and silver. • We cannot
thus Increase the burdens : upon gold without
Increasing the demand for •¦ the same. The
increase In the world's production of gold Is
not J sufficient to dlspla.ee the silver stocks, in
existence. Statistics show that more than 50
per. cent of the gold product is used.' In the
arts or lost to commerce, .which leaves only
about I150.OQO.000 ¦ a year to supply the needs
of all Christendom. . That Is less than 3 per
cent of the gold stocks of the world and lc
no more than the : legitimate requirements of
an ¦ Increasing , commerce.
6. It Is Impossible ' for . silver dollars to go
to a discount- so long as they are. limited In
number, as now : provided by law,- and hence
there Is no • necessity for this legislation. As
It is Impossible for silver dollars as now lim
ited by law to depredate In value why should
we ; run the hazards of making Increased bur
dena upon the gold reserve, of creating a new
endless • chain upon the treasury, of facilitat
ing • exports of gold • or of . annihilating sliver
and * silver certificates as money and of pro
ducing an era of falling prices?
Shafroth Objects to Ex
change of Gold for Silver
Dollars.
Manila by General Sternberg last July to
Inspect and report on the insane soldiers
In the Philippine I&lands. Dr. Latlmer
served twelve years in the asylum for
Insane soldiers near Washington. D. C.
The physician was very reticent about the
conditions of the insane men at Manila.
He stated that he examined them all, but
that he would not speak about the matter
until the ret>ort which he had forwarded
to General Sternberg the moment he ar
rived here had been published.
TO FILE STRONG
MINORITY REPORT
Colonel Daggett Is an old soldier, having
served In the army for thirty-nine years.
He took part in the Cuban campaign, be
ing lieutenant colonel of the Twenty-fifth
Regiment. He is at present staying at
the Occidental and was busily engaged all
day yesterday answering Inquiries from
parents v»'ho were anxious to know *ho\v
their sons were and how they had acquit
ted themselves in the recent campaign.
Dr. C. H. Latimer was also a passenger
on the Warren. He was sent down -to
¦ • ¦¦" -V "¦ '' -' ' -¦ j '•':¦ - ¦'¦''. \ ' r 'Vv -.•¦V"i .--¦-¦¦
COLONEL, A. S. DAGGETT, COMMANDER OF FOURTEENTH INFAN
TRY, WHO REACHED SAN FRANCISCO YESTERDAY ON THE
WARREN.
HOKSES KNOWN BY NUMBERS.
- f - . * .
Schorr's Plan to Keep Secret the Form
of His Two-Year-Olds.
"Speaking of two-year-olds." remarked \
an old-time racing man who had Just re- j
turned from a trip to New Orleans, "It is
a well-known fact that one of the hardest
things connected with the management of
a large stable Is to keep the form of your
two-year-olds a secret. Between the news
papers, rallblrds and stablehands many a
good thing" is queered, and onlv a short
price can be had by the owner because
the Information has leaKed out that So
and-so has a two-year-old that is going
great suns in private. The result is that
everybody is waiting for that horse to
run. and there is a wild plunge, that sends
to the uost a horse who ha3 never raced
before at even money or worse, whereas
it otherwise might have been a 50-to-l
shot. " j
"Many schemes have been tried to pre
vent this and proven failures, but at New
Orleans «I heard of a wrinkle that old John
Schorr is now working that looks to be
about hie only way to beat the crowd that
gets all the early news about the good
two-year-olds. Schorr has fifteen or six
teen yearlings that give promise to turn
out well. Now. Instead of naming these
youngestcrs the foxey old man has num
bered them. That Is, he has really select
ed a name for each horse, but the name
Is onlv known to himself and his son. The
name'of the horse will not be known until
he is entered in a race. This will hot give
the stablehands a chance to tell how such
and such a colt or filly is out to win, and
thus affect the betting. For instance. No.
6 is brought out for a fast trial. That Is
the only way that the men about the
stablo know the horse. If he should do a
really fast trial, why. the men can tell
their friends that No. 6 Is a wonder. But
under what name will No. G run? That Is
just where old man Schorr's new scheme
is going to work well.
Of course. In due time the. names of
the various horses will have to be entered
with the Jockey club, but this will be de
layed until. the last moment, according to
Schorr's plan, and that will not give any
one a cnance to become familiar with the
best horses of the lot." — New York Sun.
Colonel Daggett, in Command of the Fourteenth Infantry,
Says No Braver Deed Was Enacted in Modern Warfare
Than the Scaling of the Rampart in the Face of Death
/ f e^ OLONEL A. S. DAGGETT, com
// mander of {he Fourteenth In
llj fantry, arrived here yesterday on
x^!^ the transport Warren on a short
leave of absence. His .regiment
has the distinction of being the first to
scale the walls of Peking and his regi
mental flags were the first colors planted
on the "Walled City."
Colonel Daggett is enthusiastic over the
brave acts of his men and stated yester
day that no deed in modern warfare could
excel for courage that of his men as t&ey
scaled the walls, watched with astonish
ment by the Russian troops, who were
dum b with amazement. «
"We arrived about five miles from.Pe
king- on August 13," said Colonel Daggett.
We camped that night and on the fol
lowing morning were up at sunrise and on
our way to 'ihe Walled City.' About a
third of a mile from the walls a halt was
made and the disposition of the troops
a i!7 aneed for the at *a<*. The fire at
this point became severe from two sec
tions of the wall. Two companies of my
regiment were ordered to advance to a
bastion that projected from the wall and
they gained the point safely by scatter
ing and making a'rush' one and two at
a time, under a heavy tire
ca«t r IhV,?t S t Under £ OVer of thIs bastion- we
it ™« ilfi ? ' leavln & h °les which made
? « P «m i b l e ° r a , man t0 clImb t0 the top.
I called for a volunteer and Musician Ti
hVS, r^fS,°h nd t ed ;^ Anx iously. we- watched
{?« *?\ Z th £ top and expected when
he did reach that point that ills bodv
would be riddled by bullets. But he waa
5!&Li a i!i d °%i by one hls companions
Joined him. They were unable to take up
their rifles and. ammunition, but lowered
twine and the weapons and cartridges
were sent up to them. - B
"About this time the brave fellows were
discovered by the soldiers of the Chinese
imperial army and were nred upon by
both infantry and artillery. I ordered the
regimental colors hoisted to the top\ of
the wall, and when they were planted the
boys both on the wall and their comrades,
down below pave a cheer such as I had
never heard before. The stolid Russians,
who were watching, were so enthused
themselves that even they started to yell
The boys on the wall started such a rapid
fire that the Chinese decided that they
had about enough and turned and fled
"Captain Learnard, who was in com
mand on the walK then ran wlthsome of
his men down to a bi? gate that was dam
aged the night before by the Kussian ar
tillery and threw it wide open. .My regi
ment, then marched in and we were fol
lowed by the Russians."
This is the modest way In which Colonel
Dagpett tells of the storming of the walU
of Peking. He says nothing about him
self, but gives all the credit to his men.
SOLEMN RITES
OVER REMAINS
BE THE QUEEN
Royal Personages at
the Memorial
Services.
By Command of the King
Ceremony at Frogmore
Will Be Public.
LONDON'. Feb. 3— The body of Queen
Victoria has been protected by guardsmen
In the Albert Memorial Chapel at Windsor
it was deposited there yesterday.
The official? of the royal household at
"Windsor Castle, as well as a number of
friends, visited the chapel to-day and ad
jr.lred the great display of wreaths. The
interment at Frogmore to-morrow will be
at 3 p. m. The coffin will be conveyed on
u. puncarrlage. drawn by artillery horses,
•which will rehearse in the morning. The
puard of honor will be the late Queen's
company of Grenadier Guards, the regi
mental br.rid accompanying its escort to
ihe mausoleum. The ceremony there will
be, by the King's command, public instead
of private, as was originally intended. The
Archbishop of York, the Bishop of Win
chester and the- Deiin of Windsor will of-
Iiciate. The choir of St. George's' Chapel
Royal, Sir Waller P^rratt directing, will
render the music. The choir will meet the
procession lit the steps of the chapel and.
•\uith the clergy, will precede the coflin, the
royal personages, with the servants and
ihe lite Queen's pipers, following.
A memorial service was held this morn
ing in St. George's Chapel, attended by
Kins Edward, Queen Alexandra, the
Duchess of Cornwall and York, Emperor
Yv iliiam. Crown Prince Frederick William,
the Duke of Connaught, other relatives of
ih«s laie Queen and thirty iiidies and ccn
tlemen of the royal household. The royal
personages wore civilian clothing, the
jaciies wearing .mourning veils. The only
patches of color were tne red coats of a
lew oCicers and the white surplices of the
choir, the whole scene being in strong con
trast with yesterday's brilliant display,
for the body ot the chapel v.as crowded
l>y a eoxijjrt-gaiion in black.
;?ir Walter Parratt played a prelude by
Chaminade and Cannon, and the Marquis
of Normandy and the Dean of Windsor
lead the special lessons. The prayers were
iLe siK-ciai prayers prescribed relating to
the reign of Victoria and the accession of
Kdwara. The choir sang Dvorak's anthem
"Blesstd Jesus. Fount of Mercy," render
ing it with beautiful effect. The Kieht
Her. William Stubbs, Bishop of Oxford,
delivered the funeral discourse, takins: for
his text Proverbs, chapter xvl, twelfth
verse— "For the throne is established by
righteousness."
The aeed prelate read from a desk in
side the communion rail, and could not be
heixrii except by those sittingwvery near
him. He taid in part:
"All our thoughts to-day are about the
great and gracious personality whom we
naye lost. The .end cf her longr reign
marked an epoch. which' grave rise to gratl
lude,* sorrow and hope; to gracious mem
ories and great anticipations. The years
brought stime .pressure at the helm and
s-onse violence of waves: but never once
CBM there any loss of severance, never an
aJienatipp of the hearts of her people. All
are pleay«d that the r.ew King has deter
mined to call himself after the greatest
«it" his ancestors, the pure and clean. He
lias greatly- grown, and all along the lines
«jf his policy we now seek a seven-fold
fcTef-sing for the seventh Edward."
The benediction was pronounced by the
i3ii~hop of ¦ Winchester.
After the service King Enward and Em
peror William walked in the grounds, and
Ja the "evening they attended a strictly
rrivate service, at which Mme. Albini
hang. * '.; ?
Emperor William will le.ave Windsor on
Wednesday, accompanied -by King Ed
ward." He will.taKe luncheon at llarl
borough"House, after which he will drive
To Charing Cross station, where he will
taV.e the train for* Port Victoria. He will
follow the same route by- which Lord
Jtob*!rts entered London on returning from
South Africa, and a great ovation is ex
jieeted. ••*
J After t'.e morning service Iving Ed
ward, Queen Alexandra and other mem-
Ikts of ihe royal tamily walked to the
titan's cloister, where they viewed the
vrcathF.
According to the of3c!al programme of
-.n-^iay the coffin, preceded by the Bishop
of Winchester ana the Dean of Windsor,
will be borne by non-commissioned offi
cers of the guards from the Albert Me
morial Chapel and placed on the gun
• arriagf. A guard of honor of the Queen's
< 'one pan v .of the Grenadier Guards, with
in*? »»an<J of the regiment, will be drawn
up facir.s the chapel and will present
amis. Xhe proeWsion will move off In
jhe following .order: Th«» Queen's Oom
j.anj-. with anus reversed: the governor
i.nd constable of Windsor Castle, the
Duke t.f ArgyUe; Hiphlanders and Pipers.
royal servants, band <il the Grenadier
Ou&rfls. the Hishop of Winchester and
ih«» I>ean of Windsor, the" Lord Chamber
lain ind thtj l^ord Steward, the gun car
jiage, supported by the late Queen's
rijuerries and household and llankf-d bv
lihe same officers as appeared in Satur
.'<uay*F ' procession in I-^ndon.
Following* the coffin will walk King
Kdward. the Duke of Connaught. Em
peror William, the King of the Uolgians.
.j'rince Henry of Prussia and all the
. rrtyal personages. Including Queen Alex
ijtidra. and. t.he Princesse?, with the cx
'icepiion of a' few who lefjt England ye.s
ifTday. These" will be accompanied by
their pultes. • The route will be through
the Norman gateway, across the quad
i anple. through the George IV archwav.
riown Long walk through the lodge arid
then from Long walk to the mausoleum.
The entire rou,te from the George IV
archway to the crates of the mausoleum
v.ill be lined with' troops under the com
mand of Colonel Xapter Miles of the First
Liiw Guards. The Queen's Pipers will
T'lay from the gates to the mausoleum
itself. Oa arriving there the Queen's
Company will open outward and form in
double rank on the steps of the mauso
leum.
.Thechoir will mectlthe funeral cortege
en Ihe steps. The Highlanders, pipers
nnd" sen-ants on their arrival will po
rtrsripht into the mausoleum and take up
The positions allotted to them. Then the
reffin will be carried into the mausoleum,
preceded by the choir and clergy
The members of the royal famllr on
entering: will take places on each side of
the Parcophajrus, the royal household
ftanding in the transcept on each side
The whole of the castle will be kept
flear. The ground from the George IV
nrchway to Jjontz walk pates will b« un
r>er the control of the Lord Steward, and
rhe officer will issue tickets of admission
The portion of I^ong walk over which
the procession will mov« will b« under
the direction of the Mayor of Windsor
All concerned, including the mourners
will walk. A large force of London po
lice has been appointed to keen order
find the spectacle will be very' impressive
bands playing funeral marches until the
mausoleum is reached. After that the
rTcmnny will be private, as there Is only
room for the mourners and clergy. The
rhoir will t-'mr Sir Arthur Sullivan's an
ibem "Y«a. Thouph I Walk." the hymn
"Sleep Thy I>ast Sleep" »nd Tennyson's
"'The Facp of I>eath Is Turned Toward
the Sun of T,lght," set to music by Sir
Walter Parratt
The Duke of Aosta, the Crown Prince of
Sweden and Norway, Duk« Robert of
"VVurff>mburg. the Princ* of ItohenzoIIern,
the Prince nt Hohenlohe-T>angd«»nbunr.
Prince Arnulf of Bavaria, Prince John of
Kaxony and other dignitaries left for their
homes to-day.
It Is -understood that Emperor William
¦will remain for th«» rpartlnjr of Queen Vic
toria's will, which Ik in* her own hand
writing and is a most voluminous docu
ment. Including every detail of the fu
leral pageantry, as she sw^ms to have
«titlcipat*><1 that che would die at Osborne
TIouFe. The Kaiser will then pn direct
to Gronburg, to give his mother, Dowager
MAY BE TARRED
AND FEATHERED
Reported Plot of Saloon M?n
Against Mrs. Carrie
Nation.
Guard Their Places With Armed
Negroes and Give Them In
structions to Shoot if
Raided. t *>j.V<
TOPEKA. Feb. 3.— Policeman Luster has
reported to City Marshal Stahl a plot on
the part of the liquor men to tar and
feather Mrs. Nation, the "Joint-smasher."
Luster says that a negro tough whom he
once befriended gave him the tip. Mar
shal Stahl is making an investigation.
The report has fric&tened Mrs. Nation
and her sister crusaders, but they declare
that they will continue the work of de
stroying "murder shops." They met w.t 9
o'clock this morning at Urs. Nation's
room and held a session of prayer, ask-
Inc the Lord to protect them from bodily
barm In the dlscharco of what they
termed their duty to the community.
Mrs. Nation braved the 'storm to-day
and made three temperance speeches— at
the Wesleyan Methodist Church in the
forenoon, at the Christian Church In tho
afternoon and at the Lowman Hill Metho
dist Church In the evening.
A recruiting oflice for the Topeka brls
ade. Kansas Division Carrie Nation's
Array, has been opened. About 30O "sol
diers" have signed the roll, mostly wo
men. The programme of the defendants
is to march down Kansas avenue at 2
R. m. to-morrow with drums beatlns and
ags flying and hold prayer meetings in
front of every Joint. Mrs. Nation says
It was the intention of the home defend
ers to smash joints to-morrow, but thl3
feature of the crusade may be postr>oneci
for a day *to enable the secret service
agents to Inquire into the story that
armed men are guarding the Joints. Mrs.
Nation says she does not mind a shotgun,
but she does not war.t to lead other *o
znen to their -deaths.
Postmaster Guthrle says Mrs. NatlAa
receives more mail than any bank in To
peka. Many of the letters contain money,
and It is said that Mrs. Nation already
has put aside K00 to help carry on tha
liquor war here.
The- saloon-keepers have made every
preparation for serious war. and leaders
among them declare they will kill any
woman who attempts to destroy thalr sa
loons. .In a number of saloons neg.ro
guards, armed with repeating shotgun*,
have been stationed and they have in
structions to kill any person attempting
to demolish their places. Almost every
saloon has from two to five armed guards
stationed ¦where they can inflict the great
est damagro on the attacking force.
The saloons have been fortified until
the average Topeka drinking resort more
resembles a siege cave than a saloon.
The temperance revival which has swept
over the city during" the past week ha*
divided the resldentg into two determined
bands, each ready to fight if necessary for
its rights. Reputable citizens have de
clared their intention of lyrchlnsr any sa
loon-keeper who kills Mrs. Nation or any
of her followers. The salnon and anti-sa
loon elements are ready for civil war anr!
the first saloon raid which occurs will
probably precipitate it.
PORTLAND. Me.. Feb. 3.— With meet-
Ings In every Protestant church In Port
land to-day the twentieth annual conven
tion of the Y. P. S. C. E. came to a close.
The day opened with the usual quiet hour
services at the Second Parish Church,
conducted by John Willis" Baer, general
secretary of the society. Dr. Francis E.
Clark of Boston, the founder of the so
ciety, delivered a sermon at this church
and other pulpits were occupied by Bishop
Alexander Walters of Jersey City; Bishop
B. W. Arnett of Ohio; President John
Henry Barrows of Oberlln, Ohio, and
others.
The principal gathering was at the City
Hall In the afternoon, when Dr. Francis
E. Clark presided over a union meeting.
An immense crowd was present.
The special feature was the congrega
tional singing of the 'most familiar Chris
tian Endeavor hymns by a chorus of
nearly 2000.
The general exercises of the day were
concluded with two evangelistic meetings
for men and women, conducted respective
ly In the hall of the Y. M. C. A. and the
Friends' Cnurch. This evening addresses
were delivered in different churches by
some of the visiting Endeavor
workers.
Chorus of Nearly Two Thousand
Voices the Feature of the Gen
eral Exercises of the
Day.
Aged Founder of the Society
Delivers Interesting
Sermon.
ENDEAVORERS
END CONVENTION
Exercises Are Held in Mew York City
at Which Andrew Carnegie Is
the Principal
Speaker.
?
NEW YORK. Feb. 2.— Andrew Carnegie
rpoke in Carnegie Hall this afternoon
upon "The Moral Character of Queen
Victoria."
"One of the important traits," said Mr.
Carnegie, "of Queen Victoria was her lib
eral and generous toleration of all sects.
Queen Victoria kept her court pure. The
chief Jewel in her dower was purity. No
t caudal or loose living was ever tolerated
there."
Mr. Carnegie went on to say her un
varying kindness to every one, especially
to the numblest servants, was one of her
strongest traits. He said she once had a
man servant by the name of John Brown.
He was one of those remarkable men
who would have made his mark In Qny
line of work, and stood very close to tue
Queen. When he died she had the follow
ing 1 inscription put on a tablet above his
grave:
"A tribute of loving, grateful and ever
lasting friendship from his truest, best
and most grateful friend, Victoria."
"if we all treated our servants In that
light," commented Mr. Carnegie, "I think
there would be less to say in regard to
the domesi.e problem in this country,"
After Mr. Carnegie's address Edwin
Markham read a poem upon the Queen.
Mr. .Murk hum's poem follows:
Homage and hush of heart belong to death.
When at the door the dread one entereth.
The courteous departure of the soul
• To seek its high, imperishable coal.
The still withdraw&J of that inward thins.
I That gives the ehapen clay the aureole.
Sends on all hearts the ancient wondering.
And so a stillness falls across the day, -, -> ,
Now that the Queen has pushed aside the
crown.
And. with no heralds telling her renown.
Has gone the august, unattended -way — .
Gone down the way all of earth recedes.
Leaving- behind a fragrance of good deeds,
A wreath of memories forever green.
Above her name, mother and friend and Queen.
¦Whatever fortune comes to shape events
She carried - in her heart the good Intent.
And 6ure!y, too. since that far-fragrant hour
"When first the bouphs of Eden broke to flower
Nothing hasfhined more kingly than good deeds.
Lol out of these the- golden heaven proceeds.
The memory of good deeds will ever stay;
A lamp to light us on the darkened way,
A music to the ear on clamoring Btreet,
A cooling well amid the noonday heat.
A scent of green boughs blown through narrow
walls,
A feel of rest when quiet evening falls.
The kindly deed will live in memory
When London in far centuries shall be
As still as Babylon and both a dream—
"When London dead shall be eome poet s
theme —
When all her tombs and towers shall be
a-HUbt
Of ghostly arches In the noiseless night
Then as some bard on legends borne along
Shall build her faded glories Into pong.
Some Homer sing her darings and defeats.
Filling with crowds again the grass-grown
streets.
Placing dead kings back of their crumbled
* seats.
There suddenly will sweep into hU rhyme.
Victoria's name, long lavendered by time;
And all the poet heart of him will stir
At some small heart-v/arm chronicles of her,
The obscure whisper of some kindly deed
Of this dead Queen, her quick reply to need;
And lo. his song will brighten and will ehine
As though a star should break along the line.
! Greater than any king with wolfish hordes
That ever climbed the pathway of the swords
"Was this Queen-mother, gracious, gentle, good,
A white flower of Christian womanhood.
Her banners felt the wind of every sea,
And yet ehe held a. wider realm In fee.
The pure high kingdom of the womanly.
Peare to her spirit as the years Increase —
Peace, for her last great passion was for
peace.
O God of nations on the dark of things.
Send down the white fire of the King of -Kings
Until all other rulers shall b« lifted up
To drink with common man the equal cup.
Send wisdom upon nation?, and send down
On kir.KS the deeper meaning of crown.
Come. God of Kings and peoples, breathe on
men
Till love's heroic ages flower again.
¦Empress Frederick, a full account of the
ceremonies. '.* ;
EDWAED WILL DEMAND
MONEY FEOM FAEI/IAMEUT
Will Ask for Ten Millions to Pay
Debts Incurred While Princs
of Wales.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— A World special
from London say3: King Edward will de
mand of Parliament. It is expected, 510,
000,000 cash to pay debts he accumulated
while he was .Prince of Wales, and will
insist on keeping for his own use all the
crown property, the income from which
Is now $3,000,000 a year. How much more
lie will demand in the form of a civil list
or annual appropriation Is not known. '
Parliament of late years has resolutely
set Its face against the good old Hanover
ian doctrine, originated by George I ami
"bettered" by his successors, that the
United Kingdom was sort of a fattening
ground for German princes.
»
Coast Memorial Services.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 3.— Memorial services
were he!d here this afternoon in honor
of the late Queen. There was a large
attendance with numerous speakers, the
entire service being of an unusually elab
orate nature. At the close the audience
united in Plnpinp "God Save the Queen.?
PORTLAND. Or**.. Feb. 3.— Five thou
sand people attended the memorial ser
vices held this afternoon at the armory
in memory of the late Queen.
Corn-wall Is Recovering.
__LON'DOX, Feb. 3.— The Court Circular
this evening announces that the Duko of
Cornwall and York is progressing well to
vard convalescence.
MEM0EIAL SERVICES
HELD IN CHBIST CHUBCH
Conducted Under the Auspices of
Derby Lodge, Sons of St.
George.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 3.— Under the aus
plces cf Derby Lodge, Sons of St. George,
services were held this evening at Christ
Episcopal Church in memory of Queen
Victoria. There was a large gathering
at the church, which had been beautifully
decorated* with flowers from the many
private gardens of Alameda. Besides tha
members of Derby Lodge a large number
of those affliated with other fraternal or
ganizations of the city attended.
Rev. Dr. J. T. Lacey, rector of Christ
Church, delivered a short and impressive
address. The specially arranged musical
service was as follows:
Cornet solo, "The Palms" W. H. Rice Jr
Processional hymn 179 , ,
Anthem •'• Christ Church Choir
Hymn. "Rock of Ages" '.........
Cornet bo!o. "The Holy City"\.W. H. JUce. Jr
Solo E. L.. Thornton
Hymn, "God Eave the King"
Recessional, international hymn
Californian Delivers Tribute
to the Memor^ of the
Dead Monarch, .v;
MABKHAM'S POEM
TO THE OUEEN
TELLS OF THE AMERICAN FLAG'S
FIRST PLANTING ON PEKING WALLS
THE SAX, FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1901.
3
A Swiss dog fancier at Rorschach has a
pet animal which understands twentr-
peven words and phrases and never makes
a mistake in regard to them.
A man must have a conscience in order
to detect the wrongs of .his neighbor.
Qjality always counts . /gS^^
in everything . that you
buy ; in regard to cloth- s^M^^L ' '
i ing you naturally expect 4^^^n^r
j a suit costing from-$i^oo n V§p
I o 520.00 to wear well
i because of the quality. vd^«/^!&w
But when you purchase J0^wJ^M^^^^\
• a macje-t-6-crder suit for M^0^M§^/i^%!
; $1006 you 5 ay, "Will it MmFI^Mw^W^^
• wear?" asking the ques- /Mw&MM^Mm^M^
tion because of the low /MIIm
! This is just where qual- §|§5l| lIlwSllF
i:y does count— in our
made-to-order suit for
! ¦$ i o oo— for after inducing •^ te rH^ I^P^I^II
! you to try one of the $ f!|iM^(ll|iM
i suits we must necessari y §^/&i:k(i^w]
I please you, as it is your |HiSiS^imwH|
continual patronage that
| Although low priced, Wll^ilH^fflf
| ihe suits will wear well, WiM^wli 1 r^S
as care is taken in the vMffll mm ;
j making and the material ¦; l!|4^4il *"M |
To establish faith in the Iffilli IrJ j
uits we guarantee them: \ffiIfilwT "fSri
i Every one bears a Year- \IIilwlfi
j good" labe), and every ¦ :
| one is money-backed. }M I
New line of stylish i«St®l I
I tweeds awaiting your in- \ ||» i
I spection to be . j |jlj •
i made into a suit to nr^^-'
| your measure for $10 |»^»
j - Out-of-town orders filled — write for samples and self-
\ maasuHjig blank.
- — — : — . ' |
718 Market Street andSome of. the daring, revolutionary Poles threaten to
rise againsfjPrussia/ This probably- is meant as an
announcement to the -world that a few Polish patriots,
are, tired of living ¦"...'.: ' .*. ; •
.-Arlington, the deceiver., of women, must .go-to
San Qucntin.for^ life/' It i? to.be hoped that he will
carry, with htm^ the secret 'of his trade and -forget it
from lack of practice.
The claim Is made 'for South Dakota
that it has for the third consecutive year
produced ' more wealth per- capita than
any other State in the Union, the total
for this year bcirtg $106,500,000. Of this
sum. $27 .0O0.CO0 comes from livestock, J1S,
00O.CO3 from corn. I13.000.CW from wheat and
$12,000,000 from minerals. •
" One of the more' notable of these measures is that
recently introduced by Representative' New-lands.-: The
bill provides that all moneys received from the sale
anc disposal of the public lands in the arid ar.d semi
arid region, excepting those set aside for agricul
tural and mining colleges, shall form a special fund
for reclamation works. The Secretary of the Interio'
is authorized to make plans for storage works and to
withdraw from entry the lands which it is proposeu
tc irrigate; from them, and he "Is authorized to enter
irto contracts for . the construction of such storage,
works, payable out. of the arid land reclamation fund.
Upon the completion of each, irrigation project the
total cost thereof is to be ascertained and divided pro
nita per acr.e of the lands to be irrigated, and such
amount shall be a charge against the lands as- the
ccst of the water right. .. \ .
¦-•It is further provided that the lands are to be sub
ject to homestead entry, each entry \ to be limited to
eighty acres, and the' water right is" to" be paid for in
onnual payments extending • over ten years. AH
moneys' received from the sale of water rights are tj
go into the reclamation fund. In all construction work
eight hours shall constitute a day's work, and none
b.it citizen labor shall be employed.
A*n important feature of the measure is that it meets
the objection made by Eastern Congressmen. that the
reclamation 6f the arid lands by the \ Government
would be in effect to tax the 'East for the benefit of
ti.t West. ' The objection is not valid.. for the lands
after redemptionwould be available for Eastern home
setkers as well as for Western men, and the up
building of that great 'region would benefit all sec
tions of the Union. Nevertheless, since the objection
is made it is just as well, to meet it. By the New
lands scheme the fund -for the redemption of the arid
lards is to' be obtained from the sale* of Western
lands. Perhaps. that, will lead Eastern men to look
upon the great enterprise with more favor, and if that
be so a .beginning. of the work may ' be made much
sooner than is now expected.
BY steady if slow degrees the great problem ot"
redeeming the arid lands of the Nation is mak
ing its way to the front as an issue of practical
politics. That much is made evident from the number
of bills dealing with the subject which have been pre
sented at this session of Congress. In their terms
they vary from measures which go no further than to
provide for experiments with irrigation 'in compara
tively small districts to comprehensive schemes for
redeeming the whole arid region. ~ ¦
THE ARID LAND QUESTION.
Elderly — I saw you with th^ charming
Miss Hedstrong to-day. I know her- pa
rents very well.
Youngman— Do you? I wish you'd put
In a bad word for me with them.
Elderly — You mean a "good" word, of
course.
Youngman— No. I don't. If I can only
get her parents to oppose me. I'll land the
girl sure.— Philadelphia Press.
Bag3tep. (only remeraberins that Smythe
Is his hated rivals— Well, you wouldn't be
lleve anything that chump said, would
you?— Philadelphia Times.
"You are looking handsome to-night.
Miss Flite." Bagster remarked in the
pauses of the dance.
"So Mr. Smythe told me a few minutes
ago."
"Here's a Pole just been married and
his name la Dzoz3tchwsky."— Philadelphia
Times.
"I'm never surprised at others doing It.
but when a man, and a man newly mar
ried at that, gives his wife a hard name
it's too much for me."
"What is it?" his better half Inquired
eagerly.
"Ah. I see. You heard my wife inquir
ing why I came home so late. That was
all, I assure you."— Pick-Me-Up.
"Had a row over at >*cur house Ia3t
night, didn't you. old man?"
"Oh. no; not at all.- Why do you ask?"
"Thought I heard a commotion."
First Waiter— And now he wants to
know what we mean by removing the dia
monds from the diamond-back terrapin. —
Philadelphia Rejrord.
Second Waiter — Yes; he complained th>»
other day because there were no pearl3 Izi
his oysters.
First Waiter— That man over at the cor
ner table is an awful kicker.
Patience— Did you learn anything at
cooking school?
Patrice— Oh. yes. I never knew what
dyspepsia was until I attended. — Yonkers
Statesman.
Flat Dweller (sarcastically)— There isn't
rocm here to swing a cat.
Janitor (digr.ifledly>— These apartments
were designed for light cat swinging only.
— Detroit Journal.
Bibbs— Mrs. Hrmelefgh says h?r husband
is a great sufferer.
Glbbs — I'm not surprised. Haw long has
he been married to her?— Smart Set.
A CHANCE TO SMTLE.
The United States cruiser Albany, which
recently ran on a reef In Philippine
waters, was considerably damaged, and
the repairs, which will be made at Hong
kong, are estimated to cost 530,000.
...¦»¦«••
According to" the Matin, of Paris, Spain
will shortly place an order in France for
eight cruisers of 12,000 t«r.s, four armored
cruisers of $000 tons, and one hundred tor
pedo boats. All these vessels are to be de
livered within ten years. The fund to pay
for this- fleet is to be raised by a loan re
deemable in - twenty-five years.
•-v;-:.., .— : .' •;;;• •
Seventy-three accidents due to water
tube boilers have occurred in the French
navy since 1S90, of. which forty-eight were
due to rupture of tubes, particularized
as follows: Seventeen in bottom row; six
to second. and third row; six to the top
row. and eighteen to intermediate rows.
Thirteen were caused by low water level,
six were due to bad circulation, six were
worn-out tubes and six tubes were of de
fective manufacture.
• * •
Seven vessels of the Gazelle type of
third-class cruisers are now afloat in the
German navy. They are named: Gazelle.
Nymphe. Chetis, Xiobe, Ariadne, Ama
zono and Medusa, the Isist having been re
cently launched. at Bremen. The Gazelle
is 2C50 tens and with 6000 horsepotrsr at
tained a speed of 19.5 knots. The others
are 2G00 tqns, S000 horsepower and 21.5
knots, but a recent trial of the Nymphe
surprised the designers in that she dcvel
.oped 9000 horsepower and a speed of 22.3
knots.
• • •
Three new line-Oi- battle ships v.lll be
added to the German navy during the
coming spring. They are the Kaiser Wil
helm der Grosse, Kaiser Barbarossa and
Kaiser Carl der Grosse. The ships are
Identical, of 11.0S0 tons, 13,000 horsepower
and IS knots speed. The last two named
are the llrst two battleships to be built
under the provisions of the new navy bill,
and five more are In course of construc
tion and will be ready for launching In
about fifteen months. .
• * *
A new classification of United States
naval vessels is being considered in. Con
gress. It is proposed to include as first
rate all vessels over SOOO tons; second rate,
from 4000 to £000 tons; third rate, 1000 to
4000 I tons, as well as auxiliary cruisers
over 4000 tons. The fourth rate will in
clude vessels under 1000 tons. The present
rating Is vessels over 5000 tons as first
rate; 3000 to 5000 tons as second rate; third
rate, 1000 to 3000, and fourth rate, those
under 1000 tons. An arbitrary distinction,
however, in made as to converted cruisers,
the Buffalo of 6888 tons -being a second
rate, while the Yankee and Prairie of 68SS
and 6S72 tons respectively are third rate.
'.;-;". "'- * * •
The alleged mutiny on board the British
battleship Barfleur on the China station
was greatly exaggerated. Five gun sights
were thrown overboard, and only six men
were implicated. One man' turned Queen's
evidence and two were discharged, leaving
three to be tried. The cause of the
trouble was the restriction of shore lib
erty, and the crew, have gained their point
in that j they have been granted: shore
leave. One unpleasant phase of the scan
dal is that a gunnery lieutenant has been
held to be tried- by court-martial on the
charge of Inciting to mutiny, which indi
cates tyrannical oppression on the part of
at least one commissioned officer.
• * •
Two French submarine boats underwent
a trial, on January 9 last at Cherbourg,
and both boats were found to be in
thorough working; order. M. Lanessau,
the Minister of Marine, made a submarine
excursion in tho Narval, and General
Andre, Minister '• of War, went in the
Morse. Tho two beats act somewhat dif
ferently when submerged, the Narval
rolling and plunging, while the Morse Is
steady. The submarine steering of the
latter is effected by an apparatus called
the "periscope," consisting of a tube ris
ing twenty feet above the hull, with mir
rors- reflecting the horizon. Into the inte
rior of tho vessel. The principal defect. of
the Morse lies in the fact that the motive
power is supplied by electric accumu
lators, the premature exhaustion of which
might dfprlve the, boat of all means of
action, but thi«*aef«ct can be easily
remedied.
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS
Governor Petit of Tahiti, accompanied
by his secretary, arrived yesterday and
registered at the Palace. Ho is on his way
back to the island after a visit to tha
Paris Exposition.
C. E. Bretherton of London is at tfte
Palace. He comes on business, represent
ing the English «oekho!dcrs of the Cen
tral Pacific Railroad.
Mr. and Mrs. Georgo rienschel, the well
known vocalists, arrived from the East
last evening ar.d are at the Palace. *
Sheriff C. A. Warfleld of Merced County
and Sheriff E. C. Iomes of San Louis
Obispo County are at the Grand.
W. B. Jarnatt, a fruit man of Colusa. la
at the Grand.
J. W. Hill and wife of Des Molnes are
at the California.
Eugene Zimmerman, father-in-law of
the Duke of Manchester, left yesterday
morning for Del Monte. .. • .
PERSONAL MENTION.
Alfred Ayers in - "The Orthoeplst." a
pronouncing manual <lSS7>.»says«: "Smart
says tha f between e'ther and i'ther there
is but little in point of good usage to
choose. The latest edition of Webster
says that analogy, as well as the best and
general usage. Is decidedly In ' favor of
e'ther. There is very, little dictionary
authority for raying nj'ther, but of late
years this mode of pronouncing the word
seems to be preferred by some of our most
careful speakers."
The Century Dictionary says: "The reg
ular literary pronunciation of either ac
cording to history and analogy is ether
(and so neither, nether), but the dialecti
cal pronunciation, ather, which proceeded
the present \llterary pronunciation either
and the pronunciation . ither ' which has
now some currency even -among educated
persons, all have, historical -Justification "
WAVE MQTOR— J. W. S.. San Andreas.
Cal. A number of attempts have been
made to utilize the swell or wave motion
of the sea or ocean to generate power "to
work machinery, but none as yet has
proved satisfactory. If a device to use
the waves for the purpose named can be
brought to successful perfection the in
ventor will have no trouble In disposing
of his invention. Thl3 department does
not know of any one who would be will
ing 'to carry out the Ideas of ono who be
lieves that he has the secret of usins the
wave power.
EITHER— NEITHER-Z. II.. City.
Richard Grant White says: "For the pro
nunciation of ither and plther with the i
long, which is sometimes heard.* there is
no authority, either of analogy or of good
speakers. It is an affectation, and in this
country a copy of a second-rate British
affectation. Persons of the best education
and the' highest social position in England
I generally say * ether and neether."
i Dr. Fitzgerald Hall says: "On the con
trary, the analogy of eider, height and
sleight favors the pronunciation Ither and
nlther. and so the words either and neith
er are.: perhaps, more frequently sounded
by cultivated Englishmen and English
women."
BOOKKEEPING— C. S. J., Westslde,
Cal. , The daybook in bookkeeping is the
one in which the transactions of the day
are entered in the order ot their occur
rence. A book of original entries or first
record of sales and purchases, receipts,
disbursements, etc. In a single-entry sys
tem it is the book in whlcn aro entered
purchases and sales, whether cash or
credit. In double entry there Is entered
in the daybook a record of the dally
transactions of every description In thj
rough, which, when properly arranged
and classified, are written into the Jour
nal and posted from there into tho
ledger.
THE HUSBAND'S RIGHT— Subscriber.
Knoxville, Cal. The right of a husband
over community property In this State Is
defined by the code oZ California, as fot
lows: "The husband has the manage
ment and control of the community prop
erty with like absolute power of disposi
tion (other than testamentary) as he has
of his separate estate. ' But, "the home
stead of a married person cannot be con
veyed or incumbered unless the instru
ment by which it is conveyed or incum
bered is executed and acknowledged by
Doth husband and wlf*."
CIVIL SERVICE QUESTIONS— J. A.
B., Vallejo. Cal. The riuestions that were
used at the last civil service examina
tion in any of the branches are under the
control of the commissioners at Washing
ton, D. C The commissioners may fur
nish them to an applicant It there is any
g-ocd reason for so doing;. For questions
In relation to examinations in San Fran
cisco under civil service rule3. address a
communication to the secretary of the
commission, City Hall. .
MARRIAGES— M. E., Fresno, Cal.
There have been two decisions in Califor
nia on the su,bjeet of a divorced party
going out of the arate of California and
marying within a year of the time the
decree of divorce was granted. One, that
such a marriage is illegal and void, and
the other that It was legal and valid. The
matter has not yet been passed upon by
the Supreme Court of the State.
SECOND COUSINS— M. E.. Fresno. Cal.
No compilation of the marriage laws of
the several States and Territories of the
United States that this department has
been able to find shows that there is any
law in any State or Territory that pro
hibits marriage between second cousins.
CLEVELAND — several Subscribers'.
City. The records of Congress in relation
to the vote that was counted for Presi
dent of. the United States In 1893 for votes
cast in 1S92 do not show that any State
return was not counted for Cleveland by
reason of irregularity In sending in the
returns.
THOROUGHBREDS— E. W. S.. Placer
vlllc.Cal. .Thoroughbred as applied to a
horse means of pure or unmixed blood,
or stock bred from a sire and dam of the
purest or best blood. "When the word is
applied to a human being it means one
who is fully' taught or accomplished.
LIBRARY— O. S., City. To be able to
secure an appointment in the San Fran
cisco Free Public Library, a female au
plicant must be able to write well, have
a good education, have a good knowledge
of literature and be able to obtain a cer
tain percentage in an examination pre
pared by. the Trustees. "
GEESE AND DUCKS— W. L. B.. Grass
Valley. Cal. There is no law in California
that prohibits the picking of feathers
from live geese and ducks.
MARY ANDERSON— Y. I. R.. City.
Mrs. Antonio F. de Navarro (Mary An
derson, the actress) was born in the city
of Sacramento July 28. 1859.
A DAY IN FEBRUARY— A. S.. City.
The Sth of February. 1S84, fell on a Fri
day. .
Answers to queries.
spring, when she thought it possible that
she might go for a jaunt through Mexico,
and that gave her the taste for acquiring
foreign tongues. From Spanish it was but
a step to French, and then the sweet girl
concluded, while she was giving up all her
time to languages, she might just as well
include German in her course.
MISS FLORENCE GREENB
BAUM, WHO WILL SOON RE
TURN FROM EUROPE.
Photo by Thors.
That he accomplished all that the responsibilities
of the time and the office called for, is a high proof
of the essential greatness of his intellect, but a higher,
proof is found in the fact that after a century of ex
perience nation has had no occasion to dissent
from his general judgment, but many occasions to
rejoice that the foundations of constitutional law were
so wisely laid. It has been said that his epitaph cou|«i
be written in a single line, "Here lies the interpreter of
the Constitution." Such a man well merits the high
est honors his countrymen can bestow upon his mem
ory, and the celebration of the centennial to-day
should be widely observed.
The importance of his service at that critical period
of national development has long been recognized by ;
the bench and the bar. It has been"said by Judge Story ,;
who for many years served with him in the Supreme
Court: ''The Constitution, since its adoption, owes
more to him than to any other single mind for its
true interpretation r.nd ' vindication." From that
opinion hardly any lawyer of learning will be found tri
dissent; and it is an indisputable proposition that the
judge who gave vigor to the Constitution gave vigor
also to the nation that developed from the Constitu-"
tion.
For anything like a proper appreciation of, Mar
shall's work it is necessary to bear in mind that he
had no precedents to guide him in his decisions.
Never had there been s court vested with such powers
as the Supreme Court of the United States, and
before his accession to the Chief Justiceship very few
constitutional questions had come before it for de
cision. Hehad to draw from the great principles of
law conclusions applicable to each case as it arose,
and furthermore he had to apply those principles with
such wisdom and justice that they would be accepted
by the whole body of his fellow citizens as final judg
ment upon the issues involved.
BY arrangements that have been long in prepara
tion there will be celebrated throughout, the
United States to-day the centennial of the acces
sion, of John Marshall to the office of Chief Justice
of the United States. The celebration will be mainly
in the hands. of the bench and the bar, but in many
localities the public schools will take part in it and
the occasion will be employed in impressing upon the
minds 'of tlie pupils" the-gceatness of Marshall's char
acter and vast importance of his.service to the nation.
-'The.man was well worthy gl the honor that is to be
bestowed upon his .memory.- Ht^may not have been
the mostvleafhed'of ; lawyers 'or -the justest ; of < judges
but he .had.^an opportunity. •greater than ever before
fell to the lot of. A;' judicial and it he. - was
equal to its "requirements.^ ,• • V/ »'" - : .. . v
¦ When he .took his seat "upon the bench' it was still
doubtful if the Union would live. It was a debated
subject; whether I- the Constitution created a nation or
was : but: -a • federal'/ compact •¦",' among - independent
States. •The organic law, although so wisely framed,
was comparatively without: life. It was a question
whether it had vitality, enough to grow' with, the
growth of t"he. country; and suffice for every/emer
gency; . • '"¦ ¦ ' Yy;\ ; '¦ i ','•:'
The issue was of prime importance, and it is.in the
highest 'degree fortunate that the interpretation of tha
Constitution at, that juncture, was intrusted to a man of
the truest patriotism arid broadest capacity. It is not
too much to say that the. preservation of the Union
was d.ue as much to JohhMarshalland his court as to'
Abraham Lincoln' and his ; ,army. Any, weakness on
the part of the Chief Justice, at that early stage of the!
Union would undoubtedly have given the doctrine 'of
State sovereignty a position in the precedents of the
nation that would have prevented the federal union
from ever becoming a national union. What, was
accomplished during the Civil War "was hardly more
than the enforcement of the decisions of the great
Chief Justice. • ;
CHIEF JUSTICE MARSHALL.
BY SALLY SHARP.
.1 never saw such another girl as pretty,
sparkling' Marie Wells. • Always cultivat
ing some, fad, but in the cultivation of it
making it more than a fad— a genuine ac
complishment. Just at present Marie has
gone in for languages. First it was Span
ish. She started that soine time last
A GENERAL complaint has gone
up because everything happens
on Friday. Everybody Is "home"
on Friday." The "at homes"'that
' have taken the place this season
of the much-abused teas all happen on
Friday. If anybody gives a lunch, sure
as fate they choose Friday to entertain
their friends. And so It goes on, Friday
for all things and everything. It Is a ter
rible strain; we are all tired out by Fri
day night. Anl besides that, it is a self
ish thing. It deprives many friends of
the pleasure of leaving cards, at friends',
homes. I have recently heard, that there
is going to be something done to lessen
the 3'riday evil. The reformers had bet
ter get. to work quickly, else there are
a'pt to be more Friday affairs than there
arefpeople to go to them.
Two 'more' talented girls have gone . to
Paris to study music, and, incidentally, to
help swell the list of girls we are proud of.
The two new candidates for honors are
Miss Bowie and Miss Lily Lawlor. Lily
has been abroad before and has the prom
jso of highest honors held out to her if she
can manage to overcome her most unusual
(for a California girl) complaint-rnervous
ness. Lily's teachers say she sings like
an angel. These same teachers, critical
and Blov/ to praise, declare that hers is
one of the most wonderful voices they
have ever l>eard. But it is only her mas
ters that can tell what Lily Is doing and
is capable of accomplishing, for no one
else has ever heard her. She can't sing
1 before an audience, however limited. The
i presence of strangers or friends seems to
stifle the glorious voice. Conquer this
dreadful form of nervousness is .what
Lily is going to try to do on this trip.
If. she succeeds,, and authorities declare
she will, my, won't we be proud of her!
SOCIETY:
A GRUMBLE BECAUSE ALL
ENTERTAIN ON FRIDAY
Twice a 'week the Spanish teacher comes
to Marie; twice a week the. French ln
utructor and twice a week tha German
master; and she knows her. lesson for
each. How she manages It I do not
know, although X have been told that aha
has always got a foreign grammar in her
pocket, and that she studies when she
rides and that she studies when she eats.
However, the real secret of Marie's
success is that she believes in practical
education. She has a French admirer, a
German admirer and a Spanish admirer,
and she entertains them often, and they
»lt around and make adoring eye3 atTTier
while she talks at them. Then a general
conversazione* ensues that has another
merit besides the educational one. Marie
understands them all. ' They cannot un- •
derstand each other.
• • •
You ought to see Mollle Thomas' latest
picture. It is just the cutest thing. She
has had It taken in her Stunning tan
raglan, her fetching three-cornered white
end. gold hat and with her sweet little
"doggie" hugged closely in her arms.
Mollle had that photo taken for "dog
gie." She did not care a rap about her
self. The picture shows it. She is look
ing down at "doggW who is sitting up
beautifully. "Doggie's" picture is a howl-
Ing success. So Is Mollle's. And that
proves that the unselfish now and then
are rewarded.
• • •
Olympic Club men are declaring that
their "curcua" Is going to be the great
est thing: ever. They had at first thought
to tickle and dazzle their friends with
their ring show toward the end of the
present month. But that was when the
matter was first decided upon.
Since then things have taken a differ
ent turn. 'One feature has begot an
other and now the arrangements are so
elaborate that the enterprising few who
have it In charge declare they will not
be ready till away along in April. And
they are going to put in every minute
of that time preparing. It doesn't take
a prophet to announce that with so much
time and the splendid talent at the com
mand of the Olympic Club men they are
right In saying their show will bo "it."
MONDAY i. v ......... FEBRUARY 4; igai
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Fr0 P rietor ____
ACtnta All Ccncncie&iiocs t» W. S. LEAEE, Kaaagtr.
'HVAfUCK's OKFICB Telephone Pre«« 5"*
1'LULICATIU.V OFFICE Market and Tblrd. S. K.
Telephone Press 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOM* 217 <o 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Treaa 202.'
' O«l|Tered ••¦•- r«rrlrr<i. ISOnt" Per Wetk. .
Stride Coplem 5 Cent*.
Term* *»T Mnll. Inelndlnjr Pontasei
DAIt-T CAl^t, rineJudtnr Pnnday). on» year f«.M
DAILY CALJ^ flnclcdict Fnnday). « mcnth» «.•*)
T1AI1.T CALX. (!ne]nd!cr Sunday). 1 month*. ................. l.."7
DAILT CALI^By 6Jnrle Jlcnth Ms
FO.DAT CALL. Or« Tear l.M
•SVEEKLT CALL Osc Tear l.M
All poitmtifen are Mttthorlzed to receive
• nli«erlpt Jon".
Etapl* eerie* wj:l *>* forwarded Tfcen reqnertfrd.
Man rrbfcr!?>»r» 1" ndwiug «-h«nr» nt »«4r»«« «hr»n!fl *»•
particular to &*¦• berth KEW AND OLt> ADPItHSS tn or3»r
to nature a irtnu t and correct compliance with their requeit.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1113 Broadway
«-. oroiiGi: kkogness.
rtrarcr Fcreigs Adttrtising, Ktrqnttta 3cilflicg. Chicip.
itces Dtttjuc* Tr>rh<Ti* "CfEtral t<13.">
NFTVT TCRK CORRESPONDENT:
*~ C ClttLTOX Herald Sqnnre
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
• TEPHES II. S3I1TI1 3o Tribune BoiMlnar
KFTW TORK NEWS STAXDS:
*Tei<«c"-?-Artor1a Hotel; A. Brentaco. a Uclon S<jnar»:
Vurray HU1 BcUL ; »
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
fbenrta Hoc»e; P. O. New* Co.: Great Northtra BotsI:
freacct Ucum; Aufi!tor!om Hotel.
¦H'ASHIXGTOJf «H. C> OFFICE 14O« <? «?.. !f. W.
21OUTO> li. CU.V.VE. Correspondent.
fiftAVCn OFFICES a? Montgomery. t«rn»r «>f Cla*. et>»n
c=t:i t-.t» o'clock. SCO Hayes, -open ontll »:S0 o'clock. 633
McAllieter. cpen ntrt'.l »:S0 o'clock. CIS tarfcla. open un'.ll
»:ro c- clock. 1S41 M'.sslcn. cpen uatU » o'clock. I2C1 Market.
terser EJxteecth. open uctil » o'clock. K9I Valencia, opea
cntu » o'clock. ;M Hlewcth. cpen until » o'clock. SW. cor-
c ' r Twrnty-eeeor.d and Kentucky, cpea until » o'clock.
TIME F^R ACTION.'
WITH the" consummation of the plans by which
the Southern Pacific and . the Union Pacific
railway systems-have been" merged under the
control of a single executive, an opportunity has come
for the beginning of a new era in our commercial and
industrial interests. It is an opportunity not to be
ignored nor neglected. Progressive men in every
part of the State should be alert and prompt to take
advantage of it. Trie time has come for our mer
chants, manufacturers and producers to speak out;
to make known to the new managers of the road the
,full extent of the busuness interests of the State and
the means by which they can be advanced.
The combination in itself is not inimical to us. '¦ On
the contrary it is distinctly promising of good. Under
the old system of railroading California has-been
isolated not only geographically but commercially:
Bad as was our geographical situation.'.' with ..respect
to markets, it was made worse by a, system oi railroad
ing that extorted from this State all: the .traffic- would
bear, for the purpose of supporting' all' manner of
schemes from corrupting Supervisors' in San Fra\i :
cisco to building a shipyard at Newport News. ' In
deed at one time when the people, of.. California were
asking in vain for a speedy closing of the ; .gap in the
coast railway line, it was learned that the president of
the Southern Pacific was subscribing" money -for- the
construction of a railway in South Africa.
In times past every "railway -fight''-, .caused by.
competition among the great trunk lines between
the West and the East brought about, an increased
burden upon us. In this State the Southern Pacific
had no competition, and what it had to lose in strug
gling for traffic elsewhere it made up by extortion
here. By reason of that fact transportation rates were
uncertain quantities. Discriminations of all kinds
were practiced; and to such an extent were they car
ried., and with such an : autocratic power were they
exercised, that even the strongest firms in the State
hardly dared to complain lest the railroad should put
them on the blacklist and injure their business.
The new combination changes all that. So far as
transportation is concerned we are no longer isolated.
Our city and our State have now hecome a part of
the genera! field of a railway system that embraces the
whole country. San Francisco has been united with
St. Louis, Chicago and New York. It is no longer
an outside point. It has become a- part of the great
ring. As the commerce of the Pacific Ocean ap
proaches in bulk and in value that of the Atlantic, San
Francisco will approach the importance of New York;
and the transportation lines across the continent, hav
ing'an equal interest in both points, will have no
inclination to be adverse to our prosperity.
Such is the promise of the situation. It is there
fore important that at this juncture there be an early
presentation of the case of California and San Fran
cisco to the manager? of the new system. They
should be informed' of the evils imposed by the old
system, of the unjust discriminations against us, of
the extortion practiced upon us, of the corrupting in
fluence of Southern Pacific politicians, of the handicap
put upon producers, manufacturers and mexchanls
by the adverse freight rates imposed. , They should
also be informed of what is needed in the way of
reform. The abounding -resources and industrial- and
commercial advantages of the State should be made
known to them, so that they may understand how
much of profit will come to themselves by increased
traffic should they change the policy of the old com
pany and treat the State and the city with fairness.
To that end the business ;rnen of the State should
speak out. - There if nothing to be gained at this time
by hesitation or by following the promptings of fear.
That would be but a coward policy: and in junctures
like. this fortune favors the brave. Let us have in this
issue co-operation in all parts of the State. The time
has come to act.
TRADE QUIET flND FEATURELESS
THERE has been no marked change in trade for
some weeks, beyond the pronounced gain iri
bank clearings previously noted. There is still
a large and steady movement of merchandise into
consumption, without any especial activity in any par
ticular line. Last week was the same as its predeces
sors for some time. The bank clearings gained 33.7
per cent over the same week last year, and with tb*
exception of Philadelphia, which lost 3 per cent, a!l
:he leading cities in the country showed an increase
in trade over 1900. The failures were against 171 ,
in 1900. There was more or less activity in Wall
street, aside from the flurry in Southern Pacific and
Union Pacific stock caused by the great railroad deal,
as money has been flowing liberally into New York
from the ir.terio-r and the street confidently expects
2n easy money market for some time to come Ster
ling exchange has risen to the gold exporting point
£.nd more or less gold will now probably flow from
this country to England to replenish the depleted re
serves of the Bank of England. One shipment of
$2,300,000 was made to Paris during the week. These
prospective gold shipments are viewed with 'equa
nimity by financiers, as it is felt that we can spare a
certain amount of gold for European shipment, and
it will he!p our own markets by easing the English
situation.
The leading staples show little change. Sales *of
wool at the three chief markets suddenly, ran up . to
5.4U.000 pounds, against 2.893,400 during the same
week last year, but this increased business was as
cribed to necessary replenishment of stocks after a
leng period of dullness, and was only effected by con
cessions on the part of sellers. Woolen goods have
been cut 10 and 20 per cent, and the cut is said to'bt
permanent. There is r.o marked variation in cotton
goods. Wheat has lagged as usual, but the weekly
clearances for foreign export were larger than for
the same week last year. Boots and shoes and cloth
ing are reported more active from retail hands, owing
to cold and stormy weather, but manufacturers and
wholesalers do not report any especial improvement.
The other staples stand ab'^t the same as before.
The local situation runs along from week to week
without much perceptible change. As between mer
chandise and produce the former seems to "be having
the. best of it this winter. Merchandise dealers all
have good accounts of trade, reporting a continued
brisk demand for export, as well as for local custom,
while shipping circles arc still active and in good
spirits. Farm produce, however, is lagging more..o:
le«s. Grains of all kinds are «quict, and dried fruits
and raisins are neglected, as usual at this time of the
year. The Government is buying large quantities of
beans for the Orient, which keeps prices for this prod
uct high and stiff. The cattle and sheep markets for
slaughtering recount Lave declined a little during the
past few days, as the extreme high quotations have
cut down the household demand for meats materially.
., Map*- . •
Hogs, however, are as scarce and firm as ever, and
quotations have again advanced. The other country-
Staples show no changes worthy of note.
The local financial market continues in good shape.
Speculation in oil stocks, which ran up almost to the
fever point a fortnight ago, has subsided somewhat,
but sales on the local exchange arc still liberal) and
prices .are generally firm. Local stocks and bonds
have been qtiiet since Christmas. The banks report
abundance of money at easy rates of interest and
there is little if any complaint about collections.
There have been no serious failures here for som
time.
OUR INDUSTRIAL PROGRESS..
ONLY a short time ago The Call had occasion
to direct attention to statements made in Parii
and in Vienna concerning the alarm felt in
France and Austria ever the increasing force of
American competition with the industries of Europe.
Since then Consul Mason at Berlin has forwarded ro
the State Department an article in one of the leading
papers of Germany 'repeating the S3me cry of danger
tc Europe and pointing out how the competition
should be met. The German writer does not favor
ifohibitive, tariffs on American goods nor govern
mental action of any kind that would lead to retalia
tion. His plan is safer and wiser. He would have
the German people study American methods, profit
by them and, if possible, excel them.
After reviewing the rapid growth in the amount
of our exports of manufactured goofls the writer says
all who are familiar with the facts "will agree that tlu
threatened danger from America is neither exagger
ated nor painted too darkly, but is, in fact, real and
serious. But the mere recognition of the peril avails
nothing; what is demanded is to face it, to overcome
it, or at least to minimize as far as possible its effects.
We must ask^ourselves whether this is still possible,
and if so what are the means, the methods, that must
be employed to secure a successful result."
".Proceeding to the task of answering the question
the writer adds: "We must fight Americanism with
its own methods; the battle must be fought with the'.r
weapons, and wherever possible their weapons must
be bettered and improved by us. Or, to speak with
other and more practical words, Germany— Europe
inu'st adopt" improved methods in every department of
industry, must use more and more effective machinery.
Manufacturers as well as merchants must' go to<Amer
ica, and send thither their assistants and working
men, not merely to superficially observe the methods
there employed, but r.o study them thoroughly, to
adopt them, and wherever possible to improve upon
them, just as the Americans have done and are still
If will be seen the writer attributes our success in
the industrial world mainly to our machinery
and our- skill and energy ' in using it. A some
what different view was taken recently by
Lcrd Rosebery in on address before the Wol
vtrhampton Chamber of Commerce. He, in
discussing what he, called the "great commercial
warfare waged against Great Britain," said: "The
A mcricans, with their vast and almost incalculable re
sources, their acutenessand enterprise, and their huge
population, together with their modern plan of co
operative syndicates or. trusts for the purpose of
carrying on this great commercial warfare, are per
haps the most formidable. On the other hand, the
Germans, with their calculating and conquering spirit.
rrd the energy with which they seize and use the best
and most economical methods, are but little less, re
doubtable than the Americans."
From these statements we can estimate something,
of the fear which has been aroused in Europe by our'
industrial* invasion. Of course powerful peoples' liki
those of Great Britain and Germany are not-going to
'surrender their markets without a prolonged struggle,
and' we are not to, have an easy conquest despite our
immense advantage in the way ."of natural- resources of
The good people of Oregon seem to have reached
the limit of endurance with debtors who will not pay
their debt?. In an effort to remedy a wretched con
dition of affairs the. Oregon Legislature is attempting
to make reprisals even upon the dead, placing liens
upon tombstones until they are paid for.
Ohio authorities rre determined to prosecute
two notorious plug-ugJies for preparing to fight. This
feems to be a direct assault upon the. rest of us who
may have some rest from tongue thunder if the fighr
is ailowcd to go on.
" ¦<¦¦
raw material and fuel. Transportation facilities will
be' important factors in tha\ struggle, and wq. have
thus another potent argument for legislation designed
ta provide. a. merchant mariae equal to ythe needs of
our commerce. v " -' .." ¦*.* -
THE SAN FKAOSCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1901.
4
The consumption of imported butter is
rapidly increasing In Germany. It comes
from Holland. Austria-Hungary and Rus-
sia. " " ¦ -W - .;. " .— ¦
• In.lS16 It cost 25 cents to send a single
, sheet by mall a distanceof 400 miles.. To-
day a letter containing several sheets may
go as many thousand miles for 2 cents.
It is to be used as a food,
whenever their usual food does
not quite answer the purpose
of food. ¦
- Well send you a little to try. If you Eie. -
SCOTT & EOWNE, <o9 Tearl street, Xew York
Tommy's pop— A fatalist, my son; Is a
man who knows hp 13 going to get the
worst of it and doesn't care.— Philadelphia
Reccrd. ¦- .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' FOR CHILDREN
Nothing, that comes in a
bottle, is more important for
children than Scott's emulsion
of cod-liver oil.
And "important means that
it keeps . them in even . health.
Whenever they show the least
disturbance of even balance ot
health, it promptly restores
them.
Tommy — Pop. what is a fatalist?
Special information supplied datly to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 51!) Mont-
gomery «t- Telephone Main 1042. •
Iron-barred windows In residences are
no longer peculiar In Spain.* They have
appeared in American. mansions sines tha
kidnaper began operations.
Cal. glace frvlt 50c per 1b at Towcsend's.*
• Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace Hotel.*
AMUSEMENTS.
Aiharr.bra— '"Th* Fcrron-p or Satan."
Aicsrar— "Juflah."
¦Columbia— ""A Mi.isun-.mer Night's Dream."
Tn-nli— "N>11 Gwjnne."
ontral— "A Daujjh:^ of the Million."
Calilornia— •Tess of the d'Urbervilles."
<»r; hr-um— VaudfvilJe.
Grand OfKra-housf-'Shanius O'Brien."
Oiymr-ia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— FjxHrialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Xletrviilit-n Temoie— Her.schel Recitals. Tuesday. Feb. 5.
Mrtr-politan Temple — Lecture by Kev. Peter C. Torke,
Thursday evenir.p. February 7.
"2a:ifcran Park— Xlae?s to-day.
Th«">ea«on'is now on at full: tide. American
and . European ' plans. '• Beat . of -: everything/ ln-
elu'llng the character, of entertainment; Apply
4 New Montgomery st., city, for opeclar ticket.
At ¦ Hotel Dsl Coronado
The present debt of Chicago is $28,332.-
157. In 1S92, before the Chicago Fair, the
debt of the city was $12,476,000.TWO CLEVER LEADING LADIES
• . WHO ARE NOW APPEARING
AT LOCAL THEATERS.
DEATH FROM CIRRHOSIS-John
Golden, an old man,, v/as found dead : in
bed at 1028 Kearny street yesterday, after
noon and his body waa taken to. this
Morgue. Death is supposed to have been,
caused by cirrhosis of .the Jlver.
. The officers of Alba Circle. of the Com
panions of the Forest were installed -on
the night of the 21st of January in their
new hall by Mrs. Marlon G. Perry, D.D.
G. C. C, assisted by.. Airs. : M. Koch s as
supreme • herald. . The new. oittcers : are :
Miss Lillian F. Perry. J. P.C. Cj Jennie
Bohen, C, C. : Miss C; Johnson, . S. C. C. ;
Mrs. J. Davidson, F. S.; Mrs. M. G. Perry,
Companions of the Forest.
Pyrography outfits, cameras, albums
and books on photography In Artists' Ma
terial Department. Sanborn, Vail &. Co.,
741 Market st. > M'PWWBJBMHHM *
Tries to End His Life With Poison.
Because. John A. Mack, a carpenter of
40 Gilbert street, could . not get 5 ¦ cents
from his wife to buy beer with he drank
a poisonous concoction of his own > bre.v
and afterward informed the family of
what he had done. • He was taken -to tho
Receiving: Hospital, where his recovery ia
considered doubtful.
John A. Clark of 221 Minna. street, who
poses at the Ocran Beach as "the human
target," was treated at tho Receiving
Hospital last niKht for a laceration of thj
upper lip. Clark was plying his trade
.when a number of people threw at him
at the same time, inflicting a wound, ugly
but. not damrerous.
Hit the Human Target.
The United Lodges of Herman's Sons
had a pleasant and well-attended mas
querade ball at" Vereln Eintracht Hall
Saturday Night. Hundreds of couples, gayly
attired, participated In the grand march.
The affair was incharge of the following
committees: .
Arrangements— E. Dentz, Hans Veronl. F.
MichcelBen, F. Fortmann, O. Simon. • B. O.
Wilkens and J. Hoehn. Reception— H. Bran
des, Albert Jantzyi, Ch. VoeBhtlln, Julius
Sievert. Adam Gauch, George Miller, , L. Rei
ner. \V. Hobs', Frank " Voightlander ' and II.
jlau Floor — Jacob Hoehn. man.-.ser; O. Si
mon, assistant: A. Venselow, L..' Scharenbprjr,
W Mass V. T . Hermann and W. Poehler. r.e
frethment-E. * O. Wilkens, Ch. HiMehrandt.
R Duttke. J. Juergeneen, Alexander Hagrsdorn,
C. BchaufPl. R. A- Kohl, J. Dichl. F. w.
Rose. A. 'VVaas, H. Brandes, H. Rlehl and J.
Loesch.
Gayl7 Attired Dancers.
At -a meeting of the Journeymen Bak
ers' and Confectioners' International
Union No. 24, which was held last Satur
day, it was decided to petition the Labor
Council to attempt the organization o"
the employes of the French bakeries o f
this city. The complaint which had been
lodged against the Campfire Bakery on
Eleventh street on the ground that It was
employing Japanese, was referred to the
Labor Council for further action. Th««
union was visited by the Italian bakers
in a body. A special meoting will be held
on February 16 at the Turk-3treet Tem
ple. •
Bakers' Union Meets.
NEW YORK. Feb. 3.— Rev. John Keller,
secretary to Right Rev. Bishop Starkey,
pastor of Trinity Episcopal Church Mis
sion in Arlington, N. J., and chaplain of
the First New Jersey R«glment. was snot
and seriouslv wounded by Thomas B.
Barker in Arlington this morning.
The shooting, it is said, was the result
of a disclosure made by Barker's wife, al
though Keller denle3 the accusation made
against him. Barker, after the shooting,
surrendered to the police and was locked
up. •
According to a story told by Barker to
several friends after the shooting, his
wife last night told him that the illness
from which she had suffered for nearly a
year was due to an assault committed on
her at her home, by .'Rev. Mr, Keller. .
The assault, it is aueged, was commit
ted .after a hard struggle, during which
Mrs. Barker became unconscious, v Bar
ker has for many years -been in the em
ploy of the Commercial .Cable Company.
Rev. Mr. Keller is about 3S years of age
and a native of Philadelphia.
Thomas B. Barker Goes
(running for a New
Jersey Divine.
The last two weeks of the engagement
of Mrs. Kisko at the California Theater
will begin to-night, with the first produc-
REV. JOHN KELLER
SERIOUSLY SHOT
The chief characters of the play are
Prince Lucio Rimanez, his Satanic Mai
csty up to date, played by Edward R.
Mawson; Amlel. a kind of understudy of
the arch-fiend, done by Robert Dudley in
sufficlentlylnfcrnal fashion: Geoffrey Tem
pest, "an author, later a millionaire" <!),
by Walter Seymour; Lady Sybil Elton, by
Miss Emily Dodd, who brought down the
house by the tremendously realistic fash-
Ion In which she "saw things" after she
took her cup of cold poison; Diana Ches
ncy. an American girl, Well acted by Miss
Plymouth Ilea; Marls Clare, an authcres3
—a sublimated Corelll. and the only char
acter in tho play who resi3ts the machi-.
nations of the tempter, interpreted by
Miss Marie Curtis.
Inevitably the scene of the play Is laid
in England.
Next Sunday Sousa and his band will
begin a week's engagement at the Al
hambra.
Whether the authoress owed more of
her Inspiration for "The Sorrows of
Satan" to "Faust," "The Flying Dutch
man" or "The Wandering Jew" may not
l.e lightly determined, but there's a good
solid slice of each in, the plot of book
and play. Tho piece Is well put on at the
Alhambra, a quite realistic marine view —
where the hero chooses the straight and
narrow path to the tune of "Nearer, My
God, to Thee" by the orchestra— closing
the scenes.
self as a great moral engine in disguise,
a penitent and appreciative audience ap
plauded to the echo his highly respectable
-almost, indeed, Mrs. Grundy-ish senti
ments.
Planquette's "Nell Gwynne" is the latest
edition of the lovely Nell's adventures to
it. -a.; airs. m. Jvocn, x\: iviiss a. .foui
een, R. G.; Mrs. T. A. Nigh, L. G.; Mrs.
Hilcher, I. G.; Mrs. O. Terry, O. G.; Mrs.
Eva Ferrall, O.; Dr. R. B. Lain, physi
cian; Mrs. E. Gardner, Mrs. M. Gardner
and Mrs. C. D. Zahn, trustees. The cere
mony was witnessed by many invited
guests, and at the close there ¦was a pro
gramme of entertainment contributed by
Miss Annie McDonouprh, little Grade
Koch. Victor Perry, Miss Marie Pftelt,
Mrs. Siebert. Miss Lillian Perry and Mrs.
Annie Farrell. A pleasant feature o^ tho
occasion was the presentation o; a. licau
tiful gold, turquoise and pearl ring to
Miss Perry, the retiring, chief companion,
as a token of tho esteem In nhlch she is
held by j the members of ihe circle, thu
presentation being- by Mrs. D. McDon
ough-on-behalf of the circle. Then fol
lowed a collation in the banquet : room,
where, after a pleasant hoiir. 'there was
dancing to music furnished bv Victor and
Anita Perry. Alba Circle, which is forg-
. At the Central this week a stupendous
scenic production of "A Daughter of the
Million" will be th« bill. The melodrama
is now In Its fifth successful year in the
Knglish theaters, and will be given for
the first time in America this evening.
"Judah." Henry Arthur Jones' play, will
be the programme of the week at the Al
cazar. Joseph Kilgour will make his first
appearance afthe popular - theater to
night in this E. {5. Wlllarfl success.
Louis James and Kathryn Kldder are at
tho Columbia with a "A Midsummer
Night's Dream."
tion here of "Tess of "the d'Urbervilles,"
dramatized by Lorlmer Stoddard from
Thomas Hardy's novel. A very lively cu
riosity is rife among playgoers as to Mrs.
Fiske's capacity of interpretation of a
character so widely divergent from that
of Becky Sharp, in which she has won
all— hea<is, perhaps, not hearts — during the
Inst two weeks. Yet the play is Mrs.
Fiske's earliest and said to be her great
est success, though it is difflcult to imag
ine her conception o'f that adorable wretch
Becky being outdone in artistic worth.
Those who now deny her greatness, by
reason of certain mannerisms which may
or may not be dependent upon her inter
pretation of the brilliant adventuress'
character, axe looking forward to her
"Tofs" as a means of proving themselves
right, or of finding themselves compelled
to acknowledge that Mrs. Fiske lacks no
characteristic of genius.
ing ahead, previous to the installation
initiated four strangers into the circle.
Fidelity Circle has arranged for an Apen
meeting to be held in the social hall of the
Foresters' building on tho night of the
11th inst.
The ninth annual benefit in aid of the
charity fund of San Francisco Lodge No.
21. Theatrical Mechanics/ Association, will
be held at the Columbia Theater next
Sunday afternoon. The "men behind the
scenes," who compose the organization,
are always first to resp.ond when any
worthy charity calls for assistance, and
their yearly entertainments are always
amusement events. The programme will
be one of the strongest In the history of
local theatricals, and so much talent has
volunteered that the committee is almost
at a loss to make selections. From the
artists who are anxious to appear a ten
hour show could easily be arranged. The
final meeting will be held at the associa
tion's rpoms to-morrow afternoon, when
the bill will be definitely decided upon. •
Leopold Godowsky, perhaps the great
est Diano technician now livinc. will give*
three recitals in San P'rancisco on the
Tuesday, Wednesday -nd Friday after
noons of next week. Seats will be on sale
on Friday morning next at Sherman &
Clay's.
The Ilenschel recitals, which have cre
ated much Interest among song-lovers,
will begin to-morrow evening at Metro
politan Temple. There has been an un
usually large advance ?ale of seats.
The new faces at the Chutes to-day are
Swor, McGreevy and Swor, In their laugh
able burlesque "A Ragtime Reception";
Georgp Gale, character change artist, and
Miss Carmen Carlo, the phenomenal vo
calist. The holdovers tnclude Esmeralda.
the musical queen; William de Boe, the
upside down man: Bert Swor, monologist,
and new moving pictures.
? , • *
The new bill at Fischer's includes All
Zada, an Oriental necromancer; Dalton
and Lewis, burlesque singers and dancers;
the Marcos, "human bowknots"; Cunning
ham, the handcuff kins; Lillian Levy, a
clever younpr singer and dancer; Harry
de Lain, a high barytone, and many, other
talented vaudeville people.
"Shamua O'Brien" Is the play of the
week at the Grand Opera-house. To fol
low. „ Bernhardt and Coquelin In
"L'Alglon."
The nine Nelsons, Murray and Lane,
Kathryn Osterman, Empire City "comedy
fonr" and holdovers from last week's
Rood -bill, are the vaudevillians of the
week at the Orpheum.
appear here. It will b« put on to-night
at the Tivoli and sho'.ld prove an accepta
ble programme to ll*,jt opera-lovers. "The
Wizard of the Nile" will follow.
P"~|rS HE Sorrows of Satan," a ¦drama-
E tization of Mario Corelll' s novel
J of the same sulphurous title,
1L drew large houses yesterday af
ternoon and evening at" the Al
hambra Theater.
The raison d'etre of book and play is
a superhumanly good-natured attempt on •
tho fair authoress' part to give the devil
his due— as we familiarly put it, and she
makes out quite a good case for the un
fortunate Lucifer. More sinned against
than sinning: is this much-maligned In
dividual, Miss Corelll would have us Be
lieve, driven by an Ingenious fate to
tempt mortals to their doom and himself
compelled to suffer in exact proportion
to the degree in which, his victims suc
cumb to his lures— a sort of trespass-in
thc-slot a/rangement. One really felt
quite sorry for this vlllain-ln-splte-of
hlmrelf before the" play was over, and
when, in the third act, he revealed hlm-
Dramatized Version of Marie Coreili's Novel Draws Big
Houses "'"at .the Alhambra— "Tess of the d'Urbervilles"
the Bill at the California— Melodrafria at the Central
DEVIL IS POSED AS A SAINT
IN "THE SORROWS OF SATAN"
WARMLY URGES
STUDY OF ART
Captain Robert Fletcher De
livers an Interesting
Says Artists and the General Public
Should Cultivate Closer Rela
tions for Their Mutual
The last of a series of special sermons
and services was held last night In Grace
Methodist Episcopal Church,- corner o'
Twenty-first and Capr» streets. The Rev.
Eli McClish. D. D. t occuoied the pulpit
and • delivered an Interesting sermon on
"The Church and Ita Claims." In addi
tion to chorus selections by the full church
choir, solos were rendered by Miss Ger
trude Holmes and J. Hushes Davies.
The Church and Its Claims.
Dr. Rader bade Colonel French and the
army members who nccomDanied him a
hearty welcome and then took a seat in
one of the front pews. The entire service
was conducted In the same manner as at
the Salvation Army barracks. Colonel
French and Major and Mrs. KImball de
livered the discourses and told of the work
being accomplished In quarters and lo
calities seldom' reached by the churches.
The service concluded with prayer by
Mrs. Staff Captain Collins.
The Salvation Army held services last
night In the Third Congregational Church
on Fifteenth street, near Mission. The
Rev. Dr. William Rader, pastor of tho
church, who appreciates tho good work
being performed by t'.ie Salvation Army,
tendered the use of the church to Colonel
French, recently arrived from Chicago.
The services of the members of the church
choir were dispensed with for the even
ing and the army band was stationed in
the organ gallery.
gational Edifice.
SAXVATIONISTS HT CHUitCH.
Thty Sold Services In Third Congre-
"It is disloyalty to God's kingdom to
condone the presence of crime and
¦wretchedness at our very doors; When
feasting and junketing have dulled tho
Feasibilities of the public authorities it is
time for the manhood and womanhood of
Ean Francisco to rise In opposition to li
censed gambling."
"I mean no disiespect to the authorities
when I say their understanding of ram
pant vice In San Francisco is made by
their own official statements a woefully
Inadequate one.
"The advanced status of crime and the
moral defects of city life which exist in
New York should be a warning to San
Francisco.
"When the righteous elements of the
community recently assembled to protest
against the induction of additional pro
tected crime Into this fair city I sat and
listened to a tirade against the Christian
ministry delivered by one of the County
Supervisors. I could only feel that It was
an insult to decency ::nd an act that
should have made a public official
ashamed of himself.
"I have often heard the old adage,
'every man has his price.' used by honest
and sensible men. It is a proposition with
which I could never concur. Judas forsook
the Savior, but we find in the story of
Daniel and Joseph that neither would de
file himself. John told Herod he was
guilty of crimes, and his hardihood cost
him his head.
"Self-complacent righteousness .Is the
chJef fault of 'the so-called Christian."
paid the pastor. "Such people are never
stirred bv the conditions obtaining 1 on the
darker side of life. The greatest sin of
th« times is moral indifference. The
church Is standing continually Inside the
barracks holding the fort. It should get
out in the open, prepared to battle to the
death •with evil, and take the offensive
rather than remain continually on the de
fensive if results are to be had.
The- minister did not confine his dis
ccurse to a set text, and was thoroughly
conservative and charitable In his denun
ciation of prevailing civic conditions. % In
drawing similes between the failure of
King Herod as a ruler and the disinclina
tion of the city authorities to take a stand
against loeaJ conditions of crime and
viclousness the parallel was sufficiently
pointed to show that the preacher had a
comprehensive understanding of his sub
ject, and was disinclined from motives of
sheer charity to denounce personally the
heads of the city government.
A forceful sermon on existing municipal
evils was delivered last night by the Rev.
Frank K. Baker, pastor of the First
Methodist Episcopal Church, Powell and
Jackscn streets.
Forceful Sermon on Crime.
"There; Is a feud between art and the
public," continued the speaker, "and un
fortunately the artists themselves are tho
ones to help this out. The artist ridicules
the attitude of the public toward ! his
craft and the'public in its turn sees noth
ing but what is ludicrous in the man
whose life work lies In the manipulation
of naint in imitation of nature.
"Hut in this not a wrong standpoint?
Is there r.o art for the multitude? Is It
all in the clouds? No art is as closely
interwoven and as necessary to oar
power of self-expression as is speech or
writing.
"You cannot, however, expect from an
uneducated person an appreciation of an
art masterpiece. Art to them is not tho
painting but the frame. The art sense :*
just as susceptible to cultivation as is
any other faculty, and In San Francisco
a (Treat deal is being don*? toward this end.
"San Francisco is noted amoni? cities for
its kindergarten?. In the public schools
too much attention is being paid to the
question of art education, and draw! ig
and coloring form an important part of
the curriculum. Some people are inclined
to think that art is only for the ricn.
That is a great mistake. By buying a
picture a man cannot make it his own.
Art is not a purchasable quality. It exists
within us and the millionaire, though he
may have an entire gallery of master
pieces, if he sees more in the frame than
the canvas, has less of the art spirit than
the mechanic who spends a part of his
earnings and leisure in visiting and being
uplifted by an exhibition. '
"In art, as In all things, truth Is simple,
so simple that sometimes we fall to seu
It until it is pointed out to us by a mas
ter in some great work which furnlsh:s
an inspiration for our future lives."
DENOUNCES CIVIC CONDITIONS.
Rev. Frank K. Baker Preaches a
An instructive lecture on "The Outlook
In Art" was delivered at the First Uni
tarian Church last nleht by Captain Rob
ert Fletcher before a large audience.
Captain Fletcher spoke of art as not be
ing a room reserved for a favored few
but a bread field into which all were free
to enter and breathe inspiration.
...-."¦ . ¦ '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1901.
• •
5
ADVESHSEMENTS.
TELEPHOfZZ S SfL^S
222-224 SUTTER ST.
Semi-Annval
StocktaKmg Sale of
Houscfurnishing
Goods and
Kitchen- Utensils
AT 20 % DISCOUNT
FOD THIS WHOLE WEEK,
Wilich means thtt you save 20 cents
;£•*•» 2 S on every dollar.
This sale — for which many
ladies are waiting — is of par-
ticular interest to all house-
keeper?. I: embrace; thou-
sands of useful articles — many
novelties not to be found else-
where. I
We place on sale our entire
lines of Ajzate, White Enarnd.
Tin, Iron, Wooden, Brass and
Nickel Ware, including latent
de-signs of Chafing Dishes,
Five O'CJock Teas, Russian and
Bohemian Porcelain Coffee. Pets.
s= Carving Sets, Table anJ
Kitchen Cutlery, A'mond and
M^at GrinJers and Meat Safes.
he Cream Freezers, Scales,
Travs, Oilcloth, Ashbarreb,
Match Boxes, Toilet and Shelf
Paper.
Curtain* S'retcher?, C'othes
Hories, C othes Lines, Wash
Tubs, Beards and Boilers, Cut-
ting Table*, Door Mats, Step
Ladders, Window Screens.
Carpet Sweepers, Brooms,
Dusters, F.oor, Ceiling, Scrub
and every kind of Brushes,
M^s, Sponges, Crumb Trays.
Papiir-Mache and Wire
Goods.
Endless varieties in every
department.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
nil ft f|P These hotels pos-
i ALAul iess the » ttribut «
, that tourists and
QnfJ travelers appreciate
UIJU —central location,
RRAftin Hberal man *ee-
UlinliU merit, modern ap-
lir|Tr| ft pointments a n <i
IsU I bLOt perfect cuisine.
' American and Eu-
Sail FranC!SCO. rcpean pians.
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-XIGIIT! TO-NIGHT!
Evenings at 8. Mattrw-e Saturday at S.
THE COMIC OPERA PAR BXCEXLEXP:!
• PLANQUETTE'S
Comlni-WIZARD OF T1IB NILE. With
"HOOT MON— WHEELAN.
POPULAR PRICKS 23 and SO cent*
Telephone — Bush 9.
THIS (MONDAY) NIGHT..
First appearance at this theater of JOS. KIL-
GOUR.
E. S. Wlllard's Success of Two Continents,
By Henry Arthur Jones Esq.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
—XEXT WEEK—
Auguttln Daly's Fa3clnatlnc Comedy,
"A NIGHT OFF."'
<" ir &SJSIC CJTf IUUA
Phor.e South 533
NOW THOROUGHLY HEATED WITH' STEAM
Beginning TO-NIGHT— Every eve'f? this week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
First production in America. A
DAUGHTER OF*
THE MILLION.
Now. in Us Fifth Year In England.
Novel and Startling Situations.
A Stupendous Scenic Production, etc.
DDIfCC Evenin&s 10c, ISc, 2£c, 33c, 5Cc
iniVCj Matinees lDc. 15c, 23c
CHUTES an P ZOO
EVERY AFTERXOOX AND EVENING.
ESfflERALDA,
Ite Famaas £&sicai Qmea,
SWOB, McGBEEVY AND SWOR,
GEORGE GALE, CABMEN" CARLO,
WTEXIAM T>E BOE, BEBT SWOB,
NEW 2IOVI2TG PICTUKES. ;
Thursday Night, Hie Amateurs
In a BROVVNliS SHOW.
. Telephone fcr Seats. Park 23.
THE HENSCHELS'
FIRST RECITAL
TO^QRIOW (TUESDAY) EV£H1NG
At METROPOLITA v TEMPLE
PRICES..!.... ..:.'.... ........T3c.-n.C0 11.50, j2 .W
¦ Seats now on sale at Sherman, Clay & Gj.'s
Sutter and Kearny streets.
FISCHER'S C '° N £^J^-
All Zada." Dalton and Lewis, the Marcos.
Godfrey, . Lillian Levy". OUnnlngham. Harry de
Lain, tho Fairbanks brothers and .Illnridhs"
orchestra. (i . ¦
P.esened Seats 2Sc. Matin** gnndav.
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM :
; of. railroads. ¦
Office," 30 Montgomery street •
¦ \a a speedy remedy for sciatica, rheumatism and nervous
troubles of all descriptions.
.®?^ at druggists on a guarantee. Da. Miles Medical Co., .BlkDart L ind
Builds new flesh-tissues, new nerve-fibres and new bram-cells. ; It'
The cutting, tearing-, burning, piercing, excruciating pains of
sciatica aro among tho most common and painful forms of nerve
irritation. Nerves that are overworked, irritated, weakened and
run- down until their strength is all gone, cry out in protest
against such misuse and neglect. Are the nerves hungry? They
must be fed Irritated nerves must be quieted, weakened nerves
strengthened and tired nerves soothed and tested. Worn-out
nerves must be built up and the vitality of the whole system re-
plenished before permanent relief comes.
¦{.', "I -was afflicted off and onfor years' wlta sclatlo
rheumatism. "Was : laid up in bed-months at a time—
>; .-.•.-: could -; not v wallc ; Tried vinanyj^'remedlfes'' but ¦-nothing
;'- - eeeined to do any permanent good. Was in bed t?hen I
';* began taking Dr. Miles' ¦Nervine, and before the first foot-;
tie was gone I'rcturned to^ work. Have not had an attack
; In four years." Howard Wemple, 43 Taylor St! y -
¦"¦'"'/¦ * ¦.....- - - - - ¦
AMTJSEME1TT3.
TO-NIGHT!
FIKST TIME IIKREI
By LORIMER STODDARD.
Founded on the Novel by Thoa. Hardy.
(Copyrighted by Harper & Bro».) i
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
GRAND* OPERA MOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY and St*NDAT.
LAST WEEK OF THE GREATEST LIVIXO
IRISH COMEDIAN.
CHARLES ERIN VERNER,
THIS EVENIXO.
The Famous Patriotic Irish Drama.
PRICES— 10c. lie. Kc. CPc. A few front r«w»
In Orchestra. 75c. Good Reserved Seat In Or-
chestra at all Matinees. 25c. Branch. Ticket
Office EmDorlum.
MDBOSGQ S GRAKD OPERA-HOUSE, Special
Gottlob. Slant k. Co. and Walter Morosco
Announce the Farewell Acoearanc* tn Thia
City o£
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT
M. COQUEtlN,
Under the Direction of
WIF?. MA'IPICE O«>AU
FOR TWO WEEKS. OXLT,
Commencing- MO.NDAT EVENING. February
IX. In
ROSTAXD'S DRAMATIC POEM,
For Six Nlgbts and > A TPT HAT*'
Wednesday and "L AlllLUJM "
Saturday Matinees. **
OR. THE EAGLET.
MME. EERN'HARDT and M. COQUELIN Will
Appear at Every Performance.
PRICES— U 60. $2. *3 and $4. Boxes P>. CV
J15. General Admission $2. Gallery JL
CUE AH CCtTC "Will be^rin on WEDNES-
3 ALE wl 3CA1 J dat NEXT, at 9 a. m..
at the Box Office. Grand Opera-house.
ANOTHER BIG BILL!
MURRAY AND LANE. KATHRYN OSTER-
MAN. EMPIRE CITY COMEDY FOUTR.
LIZZIE AND VINIE DALY. FOY AND
CLARK. LEAMER SISTERS. WARREX
AND ELAN'CHARD. THE BIOGRAPH.
BECOND "WEEK OF
.THE KINE NELSONS.
Reserved srats. Kc: balcony. 10c; opera chair*
ar.d box seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
SECOXD AXD LAST WEEK.
Up to and Including 1 Faturday Matinee
Managers Wacerihals and Krawr Present
LOCIS KATHRYN
JAMES and KIDDER
In a Grand Scenic Revival of
"A MIDSU^ER NIGHT'S DREAM"
Saturday nieht.. "RICHAnD III"
Sunday night "MACBETH"
SOUSA
Ccmlni: *o ALHAMBRA i§33£*V
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT. (V^rf
p^ats now on sale at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s store. 9 concert*. "
•
ALF ELLIXGIIOL'SE Prop, and Manager
PHONE SOUTH 179
A TRULY ARTISTIC SUCCESS
Every Evening This \Ve«"k— Matinee Saturday.
W1I. A. BRADY'S* Grand Production ot
"THE BORROWS OF SATAN."
A BEAUTIFUL PRODUCTION*.
Adapted and Dramatized from the Fammia
Novel of MARIE COIIELU. as Ortsln-
ally Produced at the Shafte^bury
Theatre, London. England.
Beautiful Costumes! Elaborate Scenery: Mar-
velous Electrical Effects! Presented by •
a Carefully Selected Company of
Players.
EVENING ,Ec, 23c. 50c and 7aC
M \TIMEE 10c. 25o. 35c and 50c
Next Sunday Evening— SOUSA.
Seats now ready. Sherman. Clay * Co. •
Music Store. Alhambra Box Office Thursday.
9 a. m. Prices— 60c. Too. Sl.CO and Sl.SO.
THE PRiSOHJF THE POPE.
LECTURE BY
REV. PETER C.YQRKE
For the Bexeflt o: ST.' JOH.VS PARISH.
(Rev. Father Brady. Rector.)
.Thursday Evening, F ?M901,
At I o'clock. ¦
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Firth and Jessie Streets.
TICKETS M«
THfcSAH FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK— THIRD MEETESO.
Ucnday. January r:. to ' Saturday. February
9. Inclusive.
SIX OXl MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
Six Stak* Events. Three Hurdle Races and
Etx Steeplechases.
FIRST R -CE OF THE DAT AT t:13 P. M.
Trains leave Tclnt and Towcsend «tro«t» for
Tanforan Park at 7. 10:49. 11:30 a. m.. I. 1:3*
and 2 p. rn. Trains leavo Tanforan Par): for
&an Fit r -M 4:13 p. m.. followed after Ox*
last race at Intervals of a few minute* by sev-
eral *pect«ls. Boats In rear cars reserved for
I ladies an* their •srorts. Admission to course.
Includes? >-ii!lm««t fnre. J" .25.
MILTCN S. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDW>~" Racing Secretary.
KUBBER CULTURE
In Soconufico, A'cxico. .
BY MRS. FROXA V/AITE COLBURN.
At METROPOLITAN .TEMPLE.
WEDNESDAY EVENING. Feb. « at 8 o'clock.
100 fitereopticcn Plantation Views.
Mexican music by Praf. Lombardero's Sextet.
AdrnUsSfln free. Tickets on appllratlon at of-
flee o; LA ZACUALPA RUBBER PLAN-
TATION CO.. .-y
703-704 CUtis Spreckela building.
Weekly 'CaU,$hOO per Year
ADVEBTISEBIENTS.
I reftard my COLD CURE as mop; valu-
•b'e than a ife i suronce pclicj-. It not
' nly cures co d» 'n the head, colds in tl.e
Jur.fts. colds in the bones, hut it wards of?
danger ju>- d!« wssuch as firlppe diph-
ihcria, pn:ur::onia ar.d coiiiumpliin. —
MUNtON.
Mur.yons Rbetnaatlam Cure seldom fails to
nUrn in cr.e to three hours, aad cures in a
Mmjnon'a Pyspfpfia Cure ponltively currs all
firms of indigestion anJ ftomaeh trouble
Muryon's Coagh Cure flops coughs niRht
frTi-^ati, eiiajs soreness and speedily heals the
Munynn'F Kidney Cure aulclily cures pain» In
th- bark, loins or srolr.s. and all forms o:
kiGTi<> djsecse.
Mar.jqft's Vitallzor rertcrcs lost powers to
wrak lr.en.
"I-^VTT^ c-nts. at any drug store.
KUXTON*8 GLIDE TO HKALTJI Fhouid be
!n the hand* of overy mother. U will hel>>
Iteaj to know the symptoms of every disease
r.nu tell th»m tho i>roj»>r treatment S^iit ireii
tn any s<Jdrey». . "
Munycn. New York ncd rhiladelphia.
.V.lNYON-.S INHALER CIUK.S CATARRH.
'¦ ' "-^T v ai Hi Mir '"I I »**.-! '^tm-.'.Lj j". J l^JH-'.T^» Jlt» y_
1 Epicure's Deii^ht |
A-tJcles cooked with H i
j 1 j
j •""¦'¦¦'• I
; A Sterilized Cccoanut Fat for \
I Shortening and Frying :
i Absolutely Free from Animal I
] ' Matter. |
i Bread raad- w!th "KO-.NUT'' g |
j in pliceof hrd is drii.iotis and
I kerps :r?sh. '
g Ask Vcur Grocer or Write. i '
¦ India Refining: Co., I
I Philadelphia. 1
Broken
Eyeglass
l*Txm r»r1*c«S for CO c*nt«.
An* A«tir=&t!e lesses duplicated far 91.00
m.r.c. #1.50.
Goaractet^ correct anfl b«et qnaMty.
OeallftB* pr^ecrlptlor.i fllled. Factory on
prcalaes. Quick r*p«Jrtrgr. Phase, Main 13.
%. 5CI£NT/FIC
64Z Market 5t. instruments
L^DtR CKROKiCLi Eu'- 1 .!)iN&. Catalogue F?rir.
"BATTLE CURES!
MCBURNEY'S i
Kidneygffgf. 1 1
A thorough cure fop j
p&ics in the becic, 3
BR1CHTS DISEASE, j
. female troubles, iacoa-
'.iaeace of urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
netting of children, travel, gall ctoaaa,
iropsv. diabetes. «n<1 r henni atlim. •
FOR SALE AT L
THE OWL DRUG CO.. 1123 Market Bt.,
AXD AT R
DAHLBESDEn DRUG CO-. 214 Kearnr «t-.
6*cd 25e In 2c stamps to W. F. McBurney *
41S S. Fprine St.. Lou An?»le«. Cal.. for 5
''.ays' troatTnrnt. Pr^rgH tl DruirJMs. I
§\1M, VIGOR, VITALI TY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
hive been In use over fifty
year* by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
¦worst cast-* in old ajid youn?
arising from effects cf self-
cbuse. dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cures Loit
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Foirfr. Night Lo5*es. Irisom-
Tila. Falzia In Back. Evil I>e*ires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unlitness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Stnen. r> jf\ Vartcocele or Con-
etlpatlon. Stops N« *^% fffl rvous Twitching
. of Eyelid*. Effects i^. .jT^a r • Immediate.
Impart vlror and v;e/»T» j<,trncy to every
function. Don't get decpondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restores cmalf. undevelop«l orjrans.
Etlmulates the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box; C for S2 SO by mail. A written (cuarar.te* \ja
cure or monfy refunded with < box**. Circulars
fr*e. A<!<!r*-ss BtSBOP REMEDT CX).. 40 Ellis
rt.. ean Francdeco. Cal.. GRANT DRCG CO..
«S and 40 Third *t.
Avisr? OR- JORDAN'S grcat^
Cy^ Tb« L«ryc»t A.natomtc«I Museum in tbe X
i * -hi "rfV_»»i]_ v '*"«i t-tne*'*» c-r **ty contracted 4%
¦ S& iS5 <!^^**c pc«lti%»-l7 carn4 hy tbe oicrtt JJ
fj IS Lai fc P erj:J;i:r!lt^^ 0C *t' Est36yaej* %
• bf6fi?JH Co.t»utt«too fre* and strirtlT privst- \
£j £ i*^^™ f" ' ¦'"" ijrnonmf.y n by letter. KQ
V C ar nB fv-t —c CVre in every c»>c cod ertaken. \
At* If II& Vr! " fjr :»i' 1 -.: > Bri.OMii>it I «r/J
*'* il '1^ vnaai&nK, mailed gaga. ;at
Ay, /'. *alu*txe toch (or Bra/ \
7 Da JOBDAK <& C:C. mi itartf t Si-.S. F. V
{XyO «^. ¦^fc^^^^^tt. 1» «^> ¦%?
DR.PIERCE'S j
MEDICAL.
FOR THE •¦
1 BS.OOD.LIVER.LtJMGSj
*••-** *ztJtl K^Z*n a I:lc " Is a non-r«J»oiotj«
etJ&hZk&^'Zfe^J* renirir for «;<,norrh(jea,
£S%T< CL'Knh\eS P'wt, SpermatPirbo a,
/S^faf le l i«S<*y*- XM W W!«'. Dunituritl di.»-
[jrZ3* ccwutMt cS r ? iar S I ¦ cr ? c y icCirtnmfc-
yitm Jt mi %» tmcMi-. tion. : rit&tion ur ul<»r»-
yfc-^g "rcesu c««i»nton. tion t tn u c o n b mem>
P?rl%"EvAh£CHtM'rnCo. Kon-astring«nt.
V^:«i«»fto.E3 Spld hJ I / PU5r:rlaU '
*S£zZ%J JjC7*?$ l >y «-xpre».e, iTfpcid. iot
v-J^agfcjji|^K5»Y3 fl.OO. or 3 bottloi. tz.73.
*^ZjESI*^V •* zd&? utat tn rt<iae«t.
j^flS!» [L DEWBr.snaacG&ca a <ggN
£ 2pate;nts^ Jj
MARKET 'SIT. s'f'^aS^
Weak Men and Women
gHOLXU USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
*""**reat Mexican remedy; El*"e» health and
rtrcr.gth to sexual «rgan». Depot. 33 Market.
, P 8 JTr T> f\lt 1 f Corner Fourth and
bftlL iiUlHL t£$£?zB.
t>c Overcoats and
x valises cfac-cked freeSun, Moon and • Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times ' ancl Heights . of High and " Low
- Waters at Fort Point. ' entrance ' to San
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morninn tides arr given In the left
hand column and th« successive tides of the
day in the order cf occurrence a* to time of
day. the third time column rives the last Udo
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as soaaettmes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundliuca on the United
States Coast Survey , chart*, except wben a
minus sl?n ( — > precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given, by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean 'of the lower low waters. . ,
Sun rises 7:12
Sun Beta ...v....Y.t.:.« 5:38
Moon rlsea 6:33 p. m.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, February 3._
N'or ftmr Tellus, Pedersen, Si hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Stmr Mandalay, Reed, 46 hours from Coquilla
River, via Crescent City 30 hours.
I5r Ftmr Pak LInar. - Warral. - 22- days from
Hongkong, via Nagasaki 17 days 7 hours.
Stmr Gipsy,. Nlcolson, 27 hours- from Moss
Landing. ' . '
Stmr Queen, Thoirfas, 40 hours from San
Dieco and way ports ¦ .
Stmr Newsboy, Ahlstrcm, 30 hours from Eli-'
reka.
. Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, 60 hours from Xew
pcrt and way ports.
Br stmr Guatemala, Harris, 21 days from
Panama, via Mazatlan 4 days 20 hours.
Stmr Aberdeen. Hensen. 45 hours from San
Pedro. •
- Bark Pactolus, Watts, 161 days from Balti
more. , .
Schr Mary C, Campbell. 8 hours from Bo
dega. ¦¦•-.. ¦ ¦ ¦ • . ¦ •
SAILED.
. . ' - - Sunday; February 3.
Stmr. Bantaltora. Alexander.: SanDieso. '
Stmr Arcata, Xelson, . Coos Bay .
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck, Portland.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, V- Fort Bragg. '
Schr Esther Buhne. Olsen, '. .
Schr Mary E Rues. Wlkender,' Coos Bay.
Schr Rosamond. Ward; Honolulu.' » *. /
Schr Amethyst, Zimmerman, iCoqirllle Klvcr.
Schr Fearless, LtUcquIst, Guaymaa. ' ',
Schr Monterey, Beck, Coos Bay..
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 3—10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy, wind nouthwest; velocity 8 miles.
• SPOKEN.
Dec 6, lat 66.03 S.lony 67. « W— Ship John
McDonald, from Baltimore.' for -San Francisco."
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA-Ealled Feb 3-Stmr Signal, for
San Francisco. ,. •
SAN PEDRO-Arrlved Feb 3-Schr Glendale,
from Tn r rim b iTnitt}[ii|Ti n j iTli WHlPiRl' -
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Fob 3— Stmr Sequoia,
for Sun Francisco. .<• ¦ ,
PORT LOS ANGELES- Arrived Feb 2— Br
Btmr Algoar from Nanaimo. Feb 3— Stmr Mln
cola, from .N'onaimo. i ='Hei2f'* t *SjS*S9SSBS
SEATTLE— Sailed . Feb 8— Stmr -Mackinaw,
for San Francisco; Btmr Dolphin, for Skaguny.
Arrived Feb 2— Ship Columbia,; from \Taeoma.
" , OCEAN STEAMERS. ":
PORTLAND. Main*— Sailed Feb . 3-Stmr
Vancouver, for Liverpool. i " 1 'ffSwJ'JHiiffif»«CQn:ntQj
KINS ALE— Passed Feb 3— Stmr Caledonian,
from New Yorlt. for Li vernool ; Stmr' GeorKic.
from New York, for Liverpool. y
GIBRALTAR— Passed Feb 3-*-Stmr " Kalsenn
Maria ' Theresa, from Genoa ¦ and : .Naples, for
New York'. ¦ . -
LIZARD— Passed Feb 3— Etmr Manltou, from
i New Ydrk, s for London. ' ¦
QUEENSTOWN-Arrivcd Feb. 2-Stmr. Cam
pania,; from" N>>w York, for Liverpool," and pro- •
ceeded. Sailed Feb 3-Stmr Umbria. from Liv
erpool, for I^ewYork. ¦-.- ..- - .--- i •
I SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed. Feb 3— Stmr Noord
. land, fiom Antwerp, for New York.
TO SAIL.
OPPOSITION LINE STEAMSHIP ARRIVES FROM SOUTH AMERICA
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
XE\V YORK— Arrived Feb 3— Stmr La Bre
tayne,'from Havre. .'
BOSTON— Arrived Feb 3— Stmr Ultonla. from
Liverpool . and • Que^nstown ; stmr Pomeranian.
from GUirow. ¦ ¦ ? v - : ¦
one, the vessel coming' by way of the
great circle, and, as Captain Selzer had
dysentry, this did not help matters. 1 The
bitter cold of the northern latitudes
added to his discomforts, and he gradually
sank, until death came to his relief as the
vessel was passing In through the Golden
Gate.
Wants Her Picture Back.
Clarence Selby Kempff, son of Rear
Admiral Kempff , is very anxious to re
j cover a lost "trade dollar." Mr. Kempff
Is a romantic young man, and In the "trade
dollar" he had a secret receptacle made
In which he ensconced, a picture of 'his
lady love. . He had only to press a button
and the picture was revealed.
Last Saturday Kempff was called to San
Rafael to atte.nd a "function." He wanted
to have one more word with his sweet
heart, so he went to the telephone. .Ex
tracting a nickel from his purse he laid
the latter on a convenient ledge, and, the
conversation proving delightful., he forgot
all about his treasure and, racing, to
catch his boat, left his good money behind
him.
The purse contained $11 In good United
States coin, an English penny and the
"trade dollar." -Whoever.- found- it can
keep the good coin and Mr. Kempff will
pay f2 50 additional for the return of the
"trade dollar." , . *
TUB steamship Guatemala, run
ning opposition to the Kosmos
line, arrived from South and Cen
tral American ports yesterday. She
Is the pioneer' vessel In the new
service of the Pacitlc Steam Navigation
Company and the Compania Sud Ameri
cano de Vapores Company to come to this
coast. The new service will be bi-weekly
between Europe and San Francisco, and
all the steamships are to be modern. The
Guatemala is as handsome a craft as
f-ver came into port. She Is only about
two years old. and her cabin accomoda
tions are oqueI to those of an- steamship
on the Pacific Coart. Nearly all her of
ficers are Englishmen, and the vessel was
built In England.
A full cargo Is ready for the Guatemala
to take out. At Valparaiso the Guate
mala's freight and passengers will be
transferred to one of the steamers of the
Spanish line, which will take, them
through the Straits of Magellan to Eng
land, while the Guatemala will return to
fian Francisco. The Kosmos line steamers
make the same trip, but go through to
European i>orts without transferring.
D*ath. on the Pak Wau.
quartermaster Captain Selxer of the
chartered transport PaJc Wa u died as the
vessel was comlne Into port yesterday.
The trip had been an exceedingly eevere
Reliance Club Programme.
OAKLAND, Fob. 3.-Tommy Cox and
Tom Herman have been matched for a
fiftc-en-round ko at the Reliance Athletic
Club's tournament, to be held February
12. Superintendent George Gross has also
arranged two ten-round contests for the
same evening. These will be between Abe
.Attel and Jockey Bowman at 108 pounds
end George Curran and Tom Woods at 122
pounce. ';.r i
SAN 'BERNARDINO WINS.
Eefeats the Maier «fc Zobsleins by a
Closa Score.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3.-San Bernar
dino won the baseball game from the
Maier & Zobelelns to-day in the ten'h
Inning, the score standing 6 to 5. Both
clubs played a flr.e game after the sixth
inning, when they were tied. The win
ning run was due to an error by Breslno.
Cadrts Soon to Graduate.
WEST POINT. Feb. 3.-Official ordca
were received by Colonel Mills yesterday
from Adjutant General Corblrt to take
steps to graduate the first class of cadets
on Monday, February 18.
LINE FROM PORTLAND : '<:
TO TrLLAMOOK BAY
Authorize the Procuring of
v. /i Rights of Way. l .
Directors of a Railroad Company
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. 3.— At a meetlni
of the stockholders of the Portland. No
halem & Tillamooic Railroad ¦ Company
last night. 20,017 of the 20,917 shares sub
scribed were represented and the follow
ing directors were chosen: Colonel Jon l
McCracken, George T. Myers. H. Ii. Pit
tock. William Fliedner, H. C. Campbell.
II. S. Rfl we. John -Stewart. C. F. Pear so -i
and William. Reirit. The directors elected
the following officers: President, Colorel
John McCracken; vice president, George
T. Myers: secretary and attorney, "William
Reidt.
The secretary and attorney were ; auth-
Handball Games.
At the San Francisco handball courts
the following matches were played yes
terday:
W. H. S!»berst and E. J. Murphy.. 21 IT 21 20 n
R. Longafcach and J. J. Kavanaugh.12 21 13 21 15
O. B. Hayward and M. Levy 21 *1 13 14 21
X. J. Prendensast and E. Lynch 11 15 21 21 17
P. Basch and P. Ryan 2121 14 17 !t
M. Joyce and M. Basch 20 12 21 21 19
W. Walsh and G. B. Hayward 21 13 a 11 21
E. White and J. Glynn 19 *1 18 21 IT
M. Dillon and M. McDonald. ...:.. 21 21 IS IS 21
V." Kelly and G. Hutchtnson 10 14 213113
J. 'Collins and W. Ma«rutre.... 21 18 21 13 U
J. IUordon and E.- Curley 19 21 13 21 It
J. C. Xeaion and J. Har!ow\ >.21 21 11 17 11
A. Hampton and" J. White 18 19 H 21 29
t>. Rodders and P. MelntynJ 21 Si 21
M. McN'ei! and P. McKlnnon 17 13 1*
G. Green and J. RegH 212121
W. Johnson and F. Smith 17 14 18
J. McNamara and W. Cummtnjr3.....'.;.zi,j: 21
S. Garvey and J. Manning 201M3
J. A. Smith and J. McGlnty 2121
C. Laktn and W. Johnson 19 13
tTennis ball was used.)
Francisco Bay. Published by offldaJ au
thority of the Superintendent. •
NOTE— The high and low water* occur at tha
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Tort. Point; th*
height of tide Is the same at both places.
Swimming Races.
At the Sutro baths yesterday four aqua
tic «»vents were on the programme. In
the SO-yard race C. Augustus finished first,
J. Grasny second. " L. James won the
under-water swimming. C. Lewis finish
ing- second. C. Banzies won the tub race;
J. Johns second and L. RIley third. The
luO-yard race wont to F. Rollins. C. Lar
£on* being second.
Handball games
. Tanforan Park Entries.
The entries for this afternoon's running
events at Tanforan are as follows:
First Race— One mile; three-year-old flllles;
purse:
ISIS Artena 100! 1708 Darlene 107
1743 1a Calma ....100 (1740) Florista 107
1729 Kinpftelle 107! 1724 Porphyry 103
1730 Thraeia ...'.....1071
Second Race — Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and up; pelllnp:
<E61)Lovlng Cup ...1«: 14S<5 Vantine 93
1540 Alee 9S 1737 Mocorito 95
1787 Torsina 96 1673 Goal Runner. ..101
1600 Amasa 9S 1737 Vohicer ..." . 93
Malaise P« 1737 High Hoe 99
1617 St Wood 101 1727 Edgardo 101
Third Race — One and three-quarter miles;
over seven hurdles; handicap:
1728 Auriffera 135i n735)Chas. Le Bel..l3S
1710 Periwig I24j 1710 Can't Dance ..140
1745 Mestor UV 1716 William O'B...125
Fourth Race — One and a half miles; four
year-olds and up; purse:
1731 Don Luis 112| 1746 Greenock 1J0
1719 Uarda 110 1738 Artilla ..103
1704 Rio Chleo 111! 1713 La Borgia 105
Fifth Race— Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and .up; selling:
14S7 E! Mldo 9S 1734 The Singer .... 95
1123 Inarch Seven... S3 1725 Xecklace ;. 96
1S46 Xovla M 14S2 CJarando 95
167S Salvado lf'4 1731 Osmond 9?
1690 I'armenion .. ..1011 1701 Devereux . <>j
El^th Race— One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and up: selling:
14W Ulo Shannon... liri J1S9 Prestome , ]03
1673 Socialist ..:....1C9 1735 Jim McCleevr"il2
1743 Walkenshaw ..112 676 Rufaloa 107
1575 Lamachus 112 1722 R. d Bandldos.lfK)
Probable Winners.
First Race-Darlene, Thraeia, Florista.
Second Race — Goal Runner, Loving Cup
Alee.
Third Race— Can't Dance, Charles Le Bel,
Mettor.
Fourth Race— Greenock, La Borgia, Uarda.
Fifth Race— The Singer, Xovia. Clarando.
Flxth Race— Walkenahaw, Socialist, .Rey del
Bandldos. "
money. Helle Rocket is the latest addi
tion to the Pasha Kennels. W. C. Glas
son trot her recently at what he thought
a bargain from Deckelman and then re
linaufshed claim on her to J. H. Rosslter,
who feels that he haa made a lucky pur
chase, even- though he 'let Glasson double
his money.
The day's results with Judge John
Grace's official scores follow:
Open Make: Second round— D. J. Healey's
Urania beat J. Hurley's Hurricane. 28-2; Star
Kennels' Hersehel's Pride beat Ruseell &
Allen's Talk to Me. J-2; J. Hurley's O K Capi
tol beat A. Jackson's Honor Bright. 1S-1S;
Curtis & Sons' Narcissus beat M. Dunlea's
Erin, fi-:; D. J. Hraley'g I»ndy Claire beat T.
J. Cror.in's Vixen. 4-2; J. K. Hodgkin's Kins;
Caphler. a bye; Curtis & Sorts' Rector beat G.
Lennon's Half Moon. 8-2; J. Dean's Slrquoc
boat Chlarlnl Bros.' Bunko BUI. S-l; Aeneld
Kennels' Fine Fire beat Russell & Allen's
Strayaway, 5-3; K. M. Kellogg's Iowa Boy
beat Russell & Allen's Wedding Bells. 10-2;
Aenrld Kennels' Aeneas heat Curtis & Sons'
McKinley. 3-2: George Whitney's Theron beat
Vosemlt" Kennels' Beauty Spot. 4-2; E. M.
KelloKS'K Pweet Emma beat Cnrtis & Sons'
Echo, 4 ; 3: \V. C. Glasson's Dewdrop tx*at
(,'hlarinl Bros." Santonin, S-6; Aeneld Kennels'
Agamemnon- beet Connoll Bros,' Log Boy. 4-3:
T>. Toland'n IMen«an* Girl beet R. E. tie B.
Lopez's Minnie \Va "VVa. 4-2% George Nether
cott'B Floodgate beat T. J. Cronln's 'Vandal,
5-1; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat T.
Harro's Walt a Little. 7-1; Curtis & Rons'
Luxor beat J. Carroll's Auckl»nd. 4-2; J.
Kmith's Master Workman beat Gold Dust Ken
nels' Forget. 4-2; Walsh & Ileenan's Sacra
mrnto Boy bent J. R. McCarthy'* John Doe,
5-4; Star "Kennels' Master Laurence beat C.
Honar's Wild Xorah. 5-2; R. K. de R Lopez's
Sweetness beat Cvrtls & Sonh' Psyche. 17-15;
Curtis He Sons' Warpath bfiat J. Dempsey'a
Jingle Bells. 12-6: Curtis & Sons' Flying Fox
beat P. Doyle's ThelmR, 13-7; Curtis ft Sons'
Maud 55 beat H. Lynch'* little M. 8-0; AeneM
Kennels' Aethra beat Jeff Martlnett^s Bernal
Boy. 25-R: J. H. Perico's' Lady Davenport beat'
Curtis & Rons' Shadow, 11-9; ' H. A. - Deckel
man's I^iwrence beat F.. Opary's America. 5-2;
Curtis & Son** Vuloaln b*at P. J. Kellly's
Willful Widow. 12-10: F. A. McComb's Uona
Fide beat' Curtis & Sons' Charta. 13-9; J. II.
P?rlgo"s Controller beat George Shannon's St.
Ivps, ?2-l.».
Third round— Herschrl's Pride, a bye; Nurci?
bub, a bye; Lady Claire beat King Cashier.
4-0; Rector beat Sisquoc, S-l; Fine Fire beet
orized to take up the work of procuring
rights of way for a line between Portland
and Nehalem and Tlllamook Bavs. Th?
line will be nearly 100 miles in leneth and
will traverse one of the finest timber re
gions on the Pacific Coast. The route al
ready surveyed is by way of the Southern
Pacific West Side line through Hillsboro.
thence duo west over the Nehalem divide.
The Northern Pacific Railroad Company
has already commenced work on a line
Into. the Nchalenv Valley from Scappoose.
twenty miles from Portland on the ma<n
lino' of -the- Northern Pacific.
Sacramento Coursing.
SACRAI-IENTO, Feb. 3.— In the coursing
to-day Walsh &. Heenan's~~Gallant won
first money. Nethercott'a '.] St. Anthony
second and Patterson's Our Maggie third.
There' were, twenty-eight-- dogs in the
stake. There was lively bettine. and the
pikers got away with the talent.
LUXOR and Flying Fox. Curtis &
Sons' clever performers, divided
first and second bonors in the blB
12»-dog open stake yesterday at
Union Park. The close of
the sixth round found the courses alor.o
in possession of the right to contest for
the final, and with the prizes already won
the running of the deciding course was
waived.
In contrast with the harsh treatment
accorded them on Friday last, when the
opening round of the stake was run off,
form players fared well, a short dozen of
misses being the limit flgainst them, and
those at average odds.
While the work of the contestants made
up a good card of spirt and • resulted in
many Interesting goes, still nothing sen
sational broke the steady, even coursing
and from start to finish the pace was
about the same with little exception.
OK Capitol, as predicted, showed in
good trim and in a .or.g, close race put
Honor Bright out of the stake, though
the talent figured 3 to 1 against his
chances.
Master Lawrence, disregarded -by th.;
wise ones, broke the monotony of the
third round and scored a creditable win.
Sacramento Boy. noted for his persistency
when orce on the game, was his opponent
and took a goo<3 lead. It looked easy
money for those who had played 5 to 2 on
the winner of the John Grace Cup event,
but Master Lawrence joined in and by
quick, snappy work outgeneraled the up
river dog. held on until victory was his
and beat the Boy at his own came.
Fine Fire beat Iowa Boy in the longest
course of the day. Scoring the first ten
points, the Imported liop had about ex
hausted himself. A relief dop ¦was called
Into play and Iowa Boy after the nag wa?
raised against him with renewed vigor
kept after the game. Many did not notice
the flag- and thought that the Boy was
entitled to the decision, but the assist
ance of the relief had.onded the course.
Sweetness landed at the host ficuro of
the day l»v beatinp Warnath, a 6 to 1 fa
vorite. She Is about due within the
Stockton Couraing.
STOCKTON. Feb. 3.— Results of the
coursing at Goodwater Grove to-day are
as follows;
First round— Scotch Reel beat Sarah Gold;
Pear Me beat John D; Glen Chios beat Tyrone
rrince; Fair Glen beat Cash In; Thunderbolt
beat Early Dawn: Miss Evans boat Cash Day;
Black Hawk beat Joker; Bagpipe beat Ethel
bird; Tony Gold beat Martha Washington:
Spring Time beat Bill Blodget: Hot Haste beat
Leah: Onward best t>olando: Ml?s Manila beat
Fireside; Tap Out beat Pink of Fashion; Lady
Peach b»at Fireball; Lily Wright beat Le Roy;
Old Glory beat Mike McCann; Loughneagh
beat " Lady Rufus; Terronlte beat Rose At
wood.
Second round— Scotch Reel beat Pearl Mc-
Ginn Ohio? beat Fair Glen: Thunderbolt beat
Miss Eyons; Black. Hawk beat Bagpipe; Tony
Gold beat Spring Time: Onward beat Hot
Haste: Miss. Manila beat Tap Out; Lsdy Peach
beat Lily i Wright; Loughneagh beat Old Glory
Terronlte i a bye.
Third round— Glen Chloe beat Scotch Reel:
Black Hawk beat Thunderbolt; Tony Gold beat
Onward: Mi«s Manila boat Lady Peach: Ter
ronlte beat Loughneagh.
Fourth round —^len Chloe beat Black' Hawk-
Tony Goid beat Terronlte: Miss Manila a bye
Fifth round— Gl»n Chloe beat Ml?a Manila;
Tony Gold a bye.
.Final— Glen Chloe beat Tony Gold.
MONTANA LEGISLATURE"
ADOPTS EIGHT-HOUR LAW
Measure Signed by Governor Affects
Mines, Smelters and Reduc
tion "Works.
ANACONDA, Mont., Feb. 3.— The bill
establishing the eight-hour system In th-;
mines, smelter* and reduction works of
Montana was passed by the Leglslatu-e
Friday and signed by Governor Toole
Saturday. It becomes effective ninety
days after Its approval. The Anaconda
Copper Mining Company, which has al
readj-t Introduced' the eight-hour system
In' Its mines in Butte, ?ave orders to-day
to, introduce it immediately into its smel
ters in Anaconda. The new system tv-ll
require the . employment of several . hu i
dred additional men.
Iowa Rcy. 12-8; Theron beat Aeneas. 4-3: Sweet
Emma beat Dew-drop. 4-3; Pleasant Girl beat
Agamemnon. 5-4: Floodgate beat Rural Artist.
4-0; Luxor beat Master Workman, 8-1: Master
Lawrence beat Sacramento Boy, 7-4; Sweet
nert bent Warpath, 6-4; Flying Fox, a bye;
Maud S beat I*ady Davenport, -4-3; America
beat Vulcain, 7-6; Bona Fide beat Controller.
ll-S.
Fourth round— Herachel's Pride bea.t Nar
cissus. 4-0; Lady Claire beat Rector. . 4-3;
Theron, a bye; Sweet Emma beat Pleasant
Girl. 5-3; Luxor beat Floodgate, 5-2; Master
I^awrence beat Sweetness. 4-0; Flying Fox beat
America, 3-2; Maud S beat Bona Fide. 4-0.
Klfth round — Lady Claire beat Hersehel's
Pride. 7-1; Klylng Fox beat Theron. 5-2; Luxor
beat Master Lawrence. 5-0; Sweet Emma beat
Maud fi. 6-2.
Sixth round— Luxor beat I>ady Claire, 5-2:
Flying Fox beat Sweet Emma. 10-5.
Xo deciding course. Curtis & Sons' Luxor
and Flying Fox divide honors.
COURSING MEN AS THE ARTIST SEES THEM. WHILE ENGAGED IN THEIR FAVORITE SPORT ' AT UNION
:."* COURSING i'ARK. BRIGHT SKIES OR LOWERING CLOUDS HAVE THE SAME EFFECT UPON' THEIR
ENTHUSIASM FOR THE HARE-CHASING GAME. ';.^SU-~-^--; - ..;;Ei ---.liT^ ;
XEW YORK, Feb. 3. — The announce
ment that Senator Hill is not a candidate
for the Presidential nomination of h : »
party in 1904, is made by the Albany cor
respondent cf I^eslie's Weekly In the cur
rent Issue. He says:
I have the highest authority for the state
ment that Senator Hill Is not a candidate la
any sense for th« Presidential nomination a«J
that he is not responsible for the action ot Ula
friends an-1 will In no way encourage tha
continuance of such action. UTiate\ - er Sena
tor Hill's aim may have been ia the past. &3
en^rDssed In his law practice. It has gnnrn
larger and more lucrative each year and his
absorption In professional duties elves him
little time and less Inclination to respond to
the growing call for him to actively assurfce*
the partj's leadership.
This reluctance on the part of Senator Hill
to re-enter public life la not the result of
pique or disappointment. He simply flntfa
greater conVort and enjoyment In the practlco
of his profession and less allurement tn tae
field of politics, which ha3 never beea a source
of profit, and oSten fca3 given him hardly . a
comfortable »ups>ort. Like every other man
who reaches middle life. Senator Hill looks
forward to achieving substantial financial In
dependence by maintaining his established and
well settled professional practice. He Is de
votlngt his best enprgiea to that end and there
fore he is not inclined to respond to such calls
as have been made by the Texas Legislature
and by prominent Democratic leaders and
crganizatlbna In the South and West. Those
who have intimate personal relations with
Senator Hill greatly doubt whether ha will
ever consent to lead his party again In a Pres
idential campaign. AVhlle he is averse to
making public expression of Ms feeling tn the
matter, his determination Is not a secret.
Devoted as he has been for so many years
to his party's welfare, his withdrawal from
politics Is regarded ,as Impossible.' He will
continue to be- an influential factor, but this
will not Interfere with a conviction he has
recently expressed to many friends that offlc«
holding Is unsatisfactory and unprofitable.
Task of Leading the
Democracj.
Senator Hill to Decline the
NOT AN ASPIRANT
FOR PRESIDEHCY
ON THE EAUGES AT
THE SAN RAFAEL PAEK
Verein Eintracht Members Turn Out
in Force With Their
.: V T Rifles.
SAN* RAFAEL. Feb. 3.— Despite th«
threatening weather there was a large
crowd of marksmen, at the Schuetzen
Park ranges to-day and some good shoot
ing was done by the members of the sev
eral clubs.
The shooting of the Verein Elntracht
section resulted as follows:
Me(!al shoot— Champion r!as*. .Captain F. A.
Kuhla 42; first clafs, <>. K. I^udewlg 364; sec
ond class. M. Irtckert ZL2; third clas«. C. Wai
dan 246; rlrst beat ehot, O. ft. Lutlewts 24; last
best shot. W. Ulchser 23.
The following are the scores made in the
California Schuetzen Club section: Medal
shoot, no first champion class: second cham
pion class — C. M. Henderson. 211. 1£9; Captain
F. A. Kuhls. 37. 157: O. Uurmeister. 206, 170;
Captain A. Rahwyier. 1C9. ISO; C. Meyer. 130.
130; Phllo Jacoby. 2f<). 18 >; T. J. Carroll. MS.
172- H. ETn^e. 1»3. 177: W. Khrenpfort. 107. 90;
first clas*— H. ShroeJer. 223. 212: Paul Brunette.
137, 1S6; A. Gehret, 121; second class, U C.
Babin. 176. 1SS; J. Kullman, 177; L. Reubold.
1S1. 174; A. Hampei. 1S7. 171; A. Schrumpf. 214.
1S6; A. Jungblut. 107. 192; A. Breuss. 2C4; A.
Utschig. 165. 133; third class! — C. Sagehorn. lb.">.
162; J. C Waller. 1S3. 155; W. Xolden, 146; F.
(\ Hagerup \Z2; M. Reubold, 113, 112; Joseph
Straub 167, US; R. Stettin, 213. 1SS> fourth
class— J. Ahrens. 1S7, U0: F. D. Smith, 1S8. l.'S;
C. Peach. 171. 130; O. Ohrtland. 170, 164; V.
RIede. 163. 113: F\ Acker. 161. 14S; E. Cut. 77.
116; Adam Brehm, 141: cadets— It Becker, 113.
113: W. Woenne. H3. 7.1
Phllo Jacoby on behalf of the club presented
Captain F. A. Kuhl.<< to-day with a beautiful
medal for winning a knightship at the last fea-
The winner of the contest is offered a larger
prize by thousands of dollars than the loser.
This will cause them to strike not only skill
ful but hard blows. Tou Fay that your Mayor
and your splendid police {oree will ho on
hand ani see that the law is not violated.
You express confidence In the Integrity and
ability of the Mayor, of the Police Commis
sioners and your policemen. In this feellns I
fully share. But I am confident that the af
fair will be bevoun<l their control, if thoy
<Jo their be?t. The flfrhtersi will be vrry earn
est. The immense multitude of people, Rath
ered from distant States and cities, some of
Ihem. at least, not possessing the highest or
der of citizenship, will be terribly excited.
Pu^n men would brook no interference, they
will have no control over themselves, your
nollce will b* overpowered, and your city "will
be visited with dlssrace. which you will re-
Ifret np Inng as you live. Such fearful risks
must not be taken.
Again, the Saentrerfest Association of Cin
cinnati and the exhibit which it proposes to
give is not such an association and Is not
such a contest as is contemplated by section
€?90. Af= I understand, the. contest between
Jeffries and Ruhlin was arranged for by a
lawyer by the name of WItte. before the as
sociation ever had a legal existence. It has no
grymnasium or hall for athletic purposes, no
distinct membprshiri. and none of the para
phernalia of an athletic club. It was organ
ized simply for the purpose of noilging the
law and brin(rlne oft a contest between two
great fighter*. The law cannot and will not
be trifled with in this manner and I earnestly
ask you to look at the law as I have ex
plained it and I think you will conrlude frith
me that you have been misled. As I have al
ready raid to you In a telecram, I am firmly
convinced that this affair, if it comes oft.- will
be a prize-fight.
In my opinion the proviso only covers exer
cises among the members of the club and ex
hibitions in which members only take part.
Even if my Interpretation Is toa strict. It does
not authorize the brinplnjr together of notert
prize-fighters and the offering of a large prize
to the one who prevails over the other.
The proviso upon which- you rely reads as
follows: "Provided, that nothing in the fore
going shall apply to any pugillFmor athletic
club or any exercises therein, if written per
niisflon for the specific purpose shall first have
been obtained from the Sheriff of the county
or If the exercises or exhibition are held with
in the limits of a municipal corporation, of
th* Mayor of such corporation."
to-day, with th? excr-ptlon of th« last
letter that the Governor mailed to the
John C. Roth Packing Company and plh
*r petitioners, and which will be received
to-morrow in time fcr consideration be
fore the afternoon m^vung. This hrtjt let
ter from the Governor to the Roth Pack
ing Company will be turned over to the
Saengerfes-t directors at once, the sarr e
as all other communications from m*
Governor to the petitioners. Thero are
some who believe that when the full text
of the letter that Is expected to-morrow
morning is fully considered there may be
final action taken at once by the Saeneer
fest Club without waiting for the hear
ing on the application for an injunction.
The managers of the went, however, in-
Flst that no final action will be taken un
til the decision of Judge Hollister is an
nounced.
Jeffries and the party at his training
quarter* came into the city tnis evening
and talkt-d matters over with the pro
moters, loiter the champion and his par
ty attended the theater.* Ruhlin and his
associates remained at the Country Club,
which is quite a distance from the citv.
They had more visitors to-day than usual
and" there was much acitation over the
course of the Governor. Jeffries, Ruhlln.
Martin and Childs will continue their
practice work to-morrow as usual and
keep it up until some official declaration
Is made, by the Saengerfest directors.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Feb. 3.— Governor
Nash to-day made th? first public state
ment of his position with regard to th?
proposed Jeffries-Ruhlin fight at Cincin
nati, and the grounds uoon which his dc
termination to prevent the fight taking
place in Ohio was bas*d. The statement
is contained in a letter prepared and
mailed this afternoon in a reoly to a peti
tion frcm the John C. Koth Packing Com
pany and KW0 other citizens of Cincin
nati, protesting against the interference
with the tight. Governor Xash says tn
his letter that he fears the petitioners
have bet-n misled by erroneous legal aO
vice. He ouotes the law relating to iiriz<?
fighting and boxing contests and pays:
PRIZE=FIGHTER, LAW
AND THE STATE CLASH
Governor Nash Will Do All to Pre
vent the Contest.
CINCINNATI. Feb. 3.-There has been
more anxiety than training at the quar
ters of Jeffries, Ruhlin. Martin and Child*
to-day. It is their custom to do less work
en Sundays than on other days, and this
cave an opportunity for animated dis
cussions among the pugilists, their train
ers, managers and others over the action
ot Governor Nash.
It is now known to all the promoters
that Governor Nash has "not only given
his ultimatum to the Saengt-rfest Athletic
flub and the 1000 petitioners from the
business circles of Cincinnati, but also
instructions to Prosecuting Attorney
HoflTheimer and Sheriff Taylor. The lat
ter "received a long letter from the Gov
trnor after midnight by Immediate deli\ -
t ry messenger, .and it is a very strong
tlocument, in which his Kxcellency directs
Sheriff Taylor to swear in any number
cf deputies and exeri his fullest power
to prevent the Jight, and in the event of
the Sheriff needing assistance the Gov
ernor pledges him the full power of the
?^ tate.
The Prosecuting Attorney and the Sher
iff state that they will not reply to the
Governor until to-morrow, and that they
will then advise him that they will do
thtir duty and keep in communication
with him for any assistance that may be
needed. The official communication of
Governor Nash yesterday was limited to
county ufficers. if he had communication
with any municipal ofneers ot Cincinnati
it has been ».ept from the public. The
lour Police CoinmisFiontrrs 01 Cincinnati
iire- appointed by the Governor and nor
bj the Mayor, and it is conceded that the
withes of the Governor would be' followed
by this commission in orders to the en
ure police force. At the same time the
relations between Governor Nash and
Mayor Fleischmann are most friendly
iii;a-it is generally conceded that when,
tht latter kept his promise in issuing a
permit for toe fight he did all that he
intended to do in connection with the
event of February 15.
¦\\ hile there have been many confer
ences between the members of the Saen
jjiTfest Association and their attorneys
i*nd other promoters of the tight it is an
nounced that there will be no formal
meeting of the Saengerfest Athletic di
rectors and their counselors until to-mor
iow afternoon. It is generally believed
that it will then' be decided to take no
action in the case until the application
Jor an injunction is heard before Judge
Hollister on Tuesday. At that time, it
is understood. Governor Nas.h will be rep
resented here in the courts by Attorney
Oeneral Sheets, and both sides will abide
ty the decision without further appeal
tc the Circuit or the Supreme Court.
Judgp Hoiiister may reserve his decision
lor a day or two, 'so that the Saenger
lest Athletic directors are not likely to
make any official declaration about de
< larin? the fight off or to the contrary
until the middle or the latter part of
xL** wecic.
The bearing of Jeffries and Ruhlin. who
v.cre arrested :i week ago on the charge
<-t training for a prize-fight, has been
pcitponed for one week on account of
the irjunction ca*e before Judge Hollis
ter. All the other litigation has al«o
beea postponed and none of it will ever
be hcar<i of if Judge Hollister grants a
lirrman**nt injunction. In the event of
Judge Holh'ter refusing: the application
for an injunction it is understood that
Attorney <_j€n*ral Sheet*, lor the Gnv
»*nor, will co-operate with Prosecuting
Attorney Hoirhoiiner to have the pugi-
K*tic contestants arraigned before fome
ji-dgc of the Common Plea- Court instead
«f Squire Robling or any other local mag
istrate.
At the rneetins of t'.ie Sangerfest Ath
letlc Club directors and others to-morrow
afternoon the opinions of their attorneys
on the lettt-rs of Governor Nash to Profe
rutir.^.. Attorney Hoffheimer and Sheriff
Taylor, the athletic club and the John C.
Roth Packing Company and other peti
tioners wilt be nrescn.ed. . All of thes<»
documents have been informally consider
ed bj- the rrom-jlers and their attorneys
BOUND EOBIN MATCHES
ON CITY GOLF LINKS
Washington's Birthday at the
Presidio.
Handicap Contest Will Take Place on
Several players were out on the Pre
sidio links yesterday, two matches in the
"round robin tournament and several prac
tice games being played. In the round
robin tournament H. C. Goleher beat
Wortfclngtoa Amos 3 up. counting two
points: and Dr. Clark defeated Captain
IX J. Rumbaujrh 2 up. counting- one point.
Several tournaments for men have beea
arranged by the Gr^en Committee of the
San Francipco Golf Club. On February
22 a handicap over eighteen holes, medal
play, trill take place. This may b« played
either in the morning or the afternoon,
but the first eighteen holes played must
be counted as the contestant b score. On
February 23, at 2 p. m.. the qualifying
round over eighteen holes, medal play.
for the Council's Cup will take place; on
March 2, at the same hour, the opening
round In th» competition wiM be played,
and on March i» the second round. The
final round will be played at any time
egTeed on between the two contestants.
The London Stock Exchange
Passe3 Very Quiet Week,
However.
LONDON. 1 Feb. 3.— With Improved pros
pects of gold imports from CJa continent
and the United State3 the ucmand in open
market; here has practically ceased and It
is not .'likely 'that the Bank of England
will much longer maintain a 5 per cent
rate. Indian exchange has fallen to a
point where It falls to attract cold from
the Cape or Australia, and exports from
those countries will therefore corns di
rect to London. The Government Is ex
pected shortly to issue a fresh war loan.
The fall in silv-er is attributed to free
offerings from the United States to an ab
sence of buying and heavy exports. It
forced a reaction on the unduly Inflated
silver market. Low prices, however, are
now attracting buyers from the East.
The Stock Exchange ¦was closed yester
day and it had a quiet week altogether.
Interest centered in Americans, where,
however, there was considerable fluctua
tion, the professional dealers swaying
prices at their pleasure. Quotations were
rather better for the week. Union Pa
cific shares were largely bought.
BERLIN. Feb. 3.— The weakest snot in
the market were coal shares, which lost
heavily on unfavorable market reports
Friday the Kolnische Zeitung printed a
very pessimistic statement showing th«
growing difficulty the mines have to se.l
their full output. The statement also em
phasized the fact that the trade is taking
the smallest hand-to-mouth quantities, ex
pecting lower prices later. Some grade3
for the Dutch market have already been
sold at three gulden per ton below ths
regular price. The coal ¦market wa=»
further depressed by -the continued de
cline in 'the Iron business, where the pros
pect of improvement no longer exists.
So far as irdn'is concerned, the exact
opposite of improvement confronts th2
dealers, the situation growing worse daily.
Price cutting between the Silesian and
German producers continues. P.\z Iron,
v/hlch hitherto has scarcely been affected,
now shows signs of weakening and the
association has given its establishments
permission to reduce their output. Th»
blowing out of jthe Belgian furnaces la;»t
week also made a bad impression here,
and these various factors combined to
uepress iron shares.
The Inclement weather yesterday de
terred the members of several organiza
tions that were scheduled to shoot at the
Shell Mound ranges frorrt putting. In an
appearance. The Independent Rifles held
Its monthly medal shoot, the schuetzen
section of the Deutscher Krieger Verelri its
bullseye and medal shoots and Company
L of the First Infantry Regiment. N. G.
C., Its company shoots for. January and
February. The scores of the day are:
Independent Rifles— J. Donovan. 17; II. Rein
hardt, 25; Captain H. Frederickson. 20; Ser
geant G. Mitchell. 39; J. H. Kuhlke. 33; C.
Schneider, 35: H. Gaetjen Jr., 20; C. Llndecker,
31; P. Skowran. U; G. Keilenberger, S7« C.
Herring, 31; Or. W. A. Meierdierk, 40; H.
Kellx, 33; ti. Hilken ».
Company L, First Ueglment fnfantry: Janu
ary fchoot— Lieutenant Curzon, 37; Privates M.
Gans, 31; W. H. Vpll. 31: W. G. Johnston. 2S:
A. Brown, 33; J. Myers, 20; Sergeant Merlowe,
S3; Corporal Stindt, 27; L Rey, 30; C. Wehr.
23; J. Branch, 18; W. Porter. S4; T. Folley.
11; J. F. Murphy, 2J; H. Doherty, 13.
February shoot— Sergeant Marlowe, 27: Cor
poral Stindt, 37; C. Wehr, 22: L. Rey. 31; A.
Brown; 33; J. K. Murphy. 37; I. Folley, 2s;
W. Porter, 32; V. Branch, U; M. Gans. 41;
Lieutenant Curzon, 4i; J. Myers, 30; W. U.
Johnston, 30: W. H. Voll. 35.
Deutscher Krieger Verein. in medal shoot:
Firet chamjrton rlass, G. Hetxel 385; second
champion class, O. Uammcr 338; first c!a»8,
J. Bender. 260; second class, not won; thini
class, C. Meyer, 272; fourth class, O. Lankes,
2>>9: first best shot, O. Dammer 24; last best
shot, G. Wetzel 25; most centers. C Meyer.
Deatseher Krieger Verein. In bullseye nhoot:
First ptize, C. Meyer; second prize, Joseph
Koeberle; third prize, F. Kaiser; fourth prize,
O. iDammer; fifth prize. George Hetzel.
COLUMBIA PISTOL AND *
RIFLE CLUB SHOOTING
Some Good Scores Mad* by Members
at Harbor View ","•
Ranges.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club shot
at Harbor View yesterday despite the un
favorable weather. Some fine scores were
made. A. H. Pape led with the rifle,
making the fine score of 40 on a four-Inch
ring average. His shots were 7, 1. 5, 4. 3. 2.
5, 5, 6, 2. F. O. Young led with the pistol
with C6. His shots were 2. 5, 6. 4, 5, 2.
1. 4, 3, 4. These two scores are high on
this year's matches. Gi M. Barley was
only two pointa behind Young, with 38. A.
B. Dorrell led with the 22 ritle, and P. A.
Becker with revolver." G. Mannel and F.
O. Young had a fifty-shot rifle match with
W. G. Hoffman and C. M. Daiss. the
former team winning by a margin of 91
points.
UNION PACIFIC
SHOWS ACTIVITY
Schuetzen Verein Members Pep
per Targets at Both Parks.
Pistol, fifty yards— F. O. Youns 56. 49. 53.
53: G. M. Barley 3S. 45. 52. 53: F. S. Wash
burn 40. 41. 47: Dr. J. F. Twist. 47, 47, 4», 57,
19, 59, LS, 60; Mrs. G. ilannel 57. 65. 66, 6H;
Mrs. C. F. Waltham 64. 72. 91; G. W.
Hoadley 63. 73: O. Feudner 71, SO; G. Man
nel 78. S3; \V. G. Hoff 13.
Revolver, fifty yards— P. Becker 33, 61, 63,
"0; F. W. Page t». 73. 73. 79, 83; C. M.
Daiss 64; J. R. Trego 67, S3; O. Feudner 68.
77,78; F. O. Young 63.
Twenty-two rifle, fifty yards— A. B. Dor
rell 18, 19, S) 20; Mrs. C. F. Waltham 37;
Mahoney 40, CO; N. U. Jewell 41; J. WaU
41,67.
Scores, ten shots on Columbia target,
rifle, 200 yards— A. H. Pape 40, 43; C. M.
Daisa 84, 92; G. Mannel 65. 70, 76, 85. 85. 96;
Captain Fred Kuhnle^ 66. 70. 79. S4, 84; W.
G. Hoffman 71. VJ; F. O. Young 79. el; A. J.
Krannlgan 5*2; P. Eecker 96 (carbine); E.
A. Allen 136. 1*5.
MARKSMEN GATHER
AT SHOOTING BOXES
LUXOR AND FLYING FOX DIVIDE
HONORS IN THE BIG OPEN STAKE
Clever Representatives of Gurtis 6c Sons' Kennels
Run One, Two, at Union Park.
SPORT NEWS FROM WESTERN AND EASTBRN FIELDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALJL, MONDAY^ FEBRUARY 4; 1901.
MOKDAT. FEBRUARY 4.
6
Steamer.'
From.
I Pue.
Australia....... Tahiti iFeb. 4
Eureka. . . . . ..... Humboldt (Feb. 4
Royalist........ Cpmox ...." Feb " 4
Czarina......... Seattle and Tacoma.:.. Feb. 4
Willamette Oyster Harbor. Feb.. 4
G.-W. Elder.... Portland and (Astoria.. I Feb. 4
Mattewan...... Tacoma .............. Feb 4
Fulton........... Grays Harbor...... Feb. 4
South Portland. Koche Harbor..... Feb. 4
8pnta Barbara. Humboldt Feb 4
Empire..... Coog Bay..*....'. Feb' 4
Mackinaw.. Seattle Feb. 4
San Pedro...... Humboldt ............ Feb S
Pomona..:...... Humboldt ............... Feb 5
Hyades.......... Seattle ................... Feb 5
State of Cal.... Pu*et Sound • Ports...:. Feb. t>
Corona.:........ Newport .'..'... ;. Feb. «
Santa Rosa Pan Dieco Feb 7
Point "Arena.... Point Arena.:...: .... Feb" 7
Sierra:.. ;..:.r.. Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb. 7
City of Para.... Tanarr.a & Way Porn. Feb.: 7
Zealandia....... Honolulu ................. Feb. 7
Cieseent City... Crescent City..:.......;. Feb. ' 7
WaBbtenaw.;.." ( TacoHia .................... Feb. 7
Arwita. .;;...;.. CooaiBay .........::.:;; Feb. '8
Nippon Maru... China; and Japan...:;-.. Feb.. 9
Columbia....... 'Portland and Astoria... Feb. 9
Steamer.
Dest r.afon.
Satis. I
| Fl.r.
|. K*»I»ro«ry 4. i f
Argo.. Coqullle River 3 pmjPter 2
February 5. j
Carlisle City. China and Japan.. : Pier —
Rainier Seattle & Taconia. & pra|Pler 2
Bonlta. ....... Newport > am Pier U
Argyll.. IN. Y. via Panama 2 pm] Pier 34
Sosostrls Hamburg & Vf. Pts 3.W. 2
Umatllla Puget , Sound Ports 11 am) Pier . 9
Rob't Dollar.. Seattle : Z pm|Pler 13
Eureka Humboldt ,.. » am Pier 11
' . February O.
Fulton Gray* Harbor l 9 am Pier —
Empire.; Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Queen. ........ San Diego » am Pier 11
Mandalay.... Coqullle River" .... 10 am Pier 2
Czartna Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier* 8
February 7.
North Fork... Humbaldt ,.. 9 am Her 2
Pomona.. Humboldt ...: 2 pm Pier »
Curacao...;.. Mexican Ports...... 10 ara'Pler 11
Guatemala... West Coast & Way ....... S.W. 1
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 amIPlcr 24
¦ ¦ Fcbrnary 8. j
Ctty.8ydney.. Panama & Way. Pts 12 miPMSS
Australia..... Tahiti ....:.; 4 pmlPler 7
San Pedro.... Humboldt ; Pier —
Corona........ Newport 9 am Pier 11
C Tlme| Tlme| Time! Time
*• I— —I Ft. 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
• . H Wj L. W| H W L W
«*... 0:34' B.t 5:34 2.2 H:S0 *8.7 «:17 — «.t
6 ... 1:03 5.3 6:20 2.0 12:31 5.3 6:43 ».3
< ... 1:40 6.3 7:07 2.0 1:16 4.» 7:19 0.S
7 ... 2:12 B.J ":55 \.i 2:64 4.5 7:52 l.J
8 ... 2:43 5.2 8:43 1.8 2:55 4.2 8:28 1.7
9 ... 3:15 3.1 9:34 1.6 3:53 3.9 9:07 2.1
10 ... 3:30! (.1 10:34; 1.4 5:06 ».7\ 9:50 3.S
C Tlme| Tlme| Time! Time
*• I— —I Ft. 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
• . H Wj L. W| H W L W
«*... 0:34' B.t 5:34 2.2 H:S0 *8.7 «:17 — «.t
6 ... 1:03 5.3 6:20 2.0 12:31 5.3 6:43 ».3
< ... 1:40 6.3 7:07 2.0 1:16 4.» 7:19 0.S
7 ... 2:12 B.J ":55 \.i 2:64 4.5 7:52 l.J
8 ... 2:43 5.2 8:43 1.8 2:55 4.2 8:28 1.7
9 ... 3:15 3.1 9:34 1.6 3:53 3.9 9:07 2.1
10 ... 3:30! (.1 10:34; 1.4 5:06 ».7\ 9:50 3.S
Steamer.'
From.
I Pue.
Australia....... Tahiti iFeb. 4
Eureka. . . . . ..... Humboldt (Feb. 4
Royalist........ Cpmox ...." Feb " 4
Czarina......... Seattle and Tacoma.:.. Feb. 4
Willamette Oyster Harbor. Feb.. 4
G.-W. Elder.... Portland and (Astoria.. I Feb. 4
Mattewan...... Tacoma .............. Feb 4
Fulton........... Grays Harbor...... Feb. 4
South Portland. Koche Harbor..... Feb. 4
8pnta Barbara. Humboldt Feb 4
Empire..... Coog Bay..*....'. Feb' 4
Mackinaw.. Seattle Feb. 4
San Pedro...... Humboldt ............ Feb S
Pomona..:...... Humboldt ............... Feb 5
Hyades.......... Seattle ................... Feb 5
State of Cal.... Pu*et Sound • Ports...:. Feb. t>
Corona.:........ Newport .'..'... ;. Feb. «
Santa Rosa Pan Dieco Feb 7
Point "Arena.... Point Arena.:...: .... Feb" 7
Sierra:.. ;..:.r.. Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb. 7
City of Para.... Tanarr.a & Way Porn. Feb.: 7
Zealandia....... Honolulu ................. Feb. 7
Cieseent City... Crescent City..:.......;. Feb. ' 7
WaBbtenaw.;.." ( TacoHia .................... Feb. 7
Arwita. .;;...;.. CooaiBay .........::.:;; Feb. '8
Nippon Maru... China; and Japan...:;-.. Feb.. 9
Columbia....... 'Portland and Astoria... Feb. 9
Steamer.
Dest r.afon.
Satis. I
| Fl.r.
|. K*»I»ro«ry 4. i f
Argo.. Coqullle River 3 pmjPter 2
February 5. j
Carlisle City. China and Japan.. : Pier —
Rainier Seattle & Taconia. & pra|Pler 2
Bonlta. ....... Newport > am Pier U
Argyll.. IN. Y. via Panama 2 pm] Pier 34
Sosostrls Hamburg & Vf. Pts 3.W. 2
Umatllla Puget , Sound Ports 11 am) Pier . 9
Rob't Dollar.. Seattle : Z pm|Pler 13
Eureka Humboldt ,.. » am Pier 11
' . February O.
Fulton Gray* Harbor l 9 am Pier —
Empire.; Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Queen. ........ San Diego » am Pier 11
Mandalay.... Coqullle River" .... 10 am Pier 2
Czartna Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier* 8
February 7.
North Fork... Humbaldt ,.. 9 am Her 2
Pomona.. Humboldt ...: 2 pm Pier »
Curacao...;.. Mexican Ports...... 10 ara'Pler 11
Guatemala... West Coast & Way ....... S.W. 1
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 amIPlcr 24
¦ ¦ Fcbrnary 8. j
Ctty.8ydney.. Panama & Way. Pts 12 miPMSS
Australia..... Tahiti ....:.; 4 pmlPler 7
San Pedro.... Humboldt ; Pier —
Corona........ Newport 9 am Pier 11
The emigration of Irishmen to Great
Britain fur harvest has been steadily in-
creasing for the last three years.
, Many a man is spoiled bv success and
many a man Is ruintti by the lack of It.Ella, and Colman Mulkerns to Joaqutn Costa.
all interest in lot 11, block 455, revised map of
Gibbons property at Oakland Point. Oakland;
$10. ¦/ - . : : : ¦"/ "-'¦ .•¦•.-: ' ¦'-. ¦ '
James ' Traynor to Jane Traynor. lot on "W
line -of Adeline street. - 106 :«<S of Fifth. ",S, 37:6
by -.W-: 13:3, block 477, Brlggs Tract, map 2,
Oakland;, sift.. : - : * .• , c
' H: C. and Mary E. Morris to Sarah E. Mun
aon (wife of A. K.), lot on W lias of Summit
Alameda 1 County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The Senate Military Committee Is made
up of old soldiers. .Senators Bate and Pet
ters ¦ fought In 1 the Mexican .War. and f the
Confederate army. - The - former - was w
major general- and the latter, a brigadier
general. Mr. Cockrell was also a brigadier
general and '¦ Mr. Harris, of Kansas, adju
tant general of Wllcox's brigade. 8enator
Hawley, the chairman,', was a brevet maj-'
or general. } Proctor : a colonel, • Shoup a
captain, Sewell a major" general,'- Burrows
a major. and Warren a private.—Philadel
phia Press. '/ .
All Old Soldiers.
BERKELEY, Feb. 3.-West Berkeley
Lodge, Order of Hermann's Sons,- will give
a masquerade ball in Slsterna Hall. Satur
day i evening. February 9. The following
committees have charge , of the affair :
Arrangements— J." Offy, Herman Peters; xW.
Wenk, C- Bteinert.' F. Furnstall. H. Thelle. H/
Yunk and H. ' Nledt. : Reception— William Rust.
F. Borchardt, P. Nechelman,' F. • Meyer, -XV.
Lauterbach and H. Penning. FloorK!. Henry,
manager; William •' Boukofsky.x Charles Bou
kofsky ¦ and Mrs. M. Schmidt. •
Hermann's Sons to Entertain.
Fire , on Adeline Street.
OAKLAND, Feb. 3— A defective 'flue
Caused a fire this afternoon- in the resi
dence of A. W. Trusson, 941 Adeline street.
The loss was $1500. : .:
OAKLAND.. Feb. 3.— The Orpheus Club
has elected Edwin Dunbar Crandall to
be conductor in place of Robert Clarence
Newell. • . The, club will give three con
certs this year. -
New Leader for Orpheus.
There la an usher at orv of th& down
town theaters who Is a professional pail
bearer during the day. "I get." he says,
"52 30 for every pallbearlng engagement,
and I like the work. It Is. you see, such a
complete and pleasant change from my
theatrical employment. I must wear a
gala smile at the theater at all times, and
the gayety there, the mirth and llght
heartedness prove very monotonous. 1
long for something different. I go to a
funeral In gloomy black, with a look of
gloom In my eyes, and the sobs I hear,
the groans, the lamentations and the
lugubrious music are very soothing to me
after the eternal heartless Jollity of the
playhouse. The two kinds of work di
versify my life; I touch on two extremes;
I make, •besides, a good deal- of money.
I have made 130 a week as a pallbearer.
At the theater my salary is only ft 50.
There are certain perquisites at the
theater, however: perquisites won through
seating people, which materially increase
my Income. It is not an uncommon thins
among us theater ushers to be pallbearers
during the day."— Philadelphia Record.
to Look Gloomy.
PROFESSIONAL •PATTYRTiATtTyw.,
A Theatrical .Usher Who Knows How
BERKELEY, Feb. 3.— L. F. Overstreet
has announced himself as an Independent
candidate for the office of Town Marshal
He Is circulating a petition to obtain the
three hundred names necessary to get rfls
name on the ballot. The new candidate
is a young man who has not held public
office. . ....
Another Candidate for Marshal.
LITTLE BOY ATTACKED f.
AND BITTEN BY A DOQ
Officer Keyes Beats the Brute Severe
ly Before He Relinquishes His
Hold.
AtiAMEDA; Feb. 3.— A vicious mongrel
dog attacked Harry Lynch, an 8-year-old
boy, while he was walking along Park
street this v morning ; and chewed up the
little fellow's flesh badly In several places.
Theboy was bitten above and below the
right eye, through the nose and the left
forearm. The wounds were dressed bv
Dr.: J. A. Rlley, after. which the boy was
able to walk to his home, corner Walnut
street and . Pacific avenue. . •-:¦;
The dog's vicious attack was witnessed
by ; Officer ¦ C. E. Keyes, who ran to the
boy's assistance. As he approached the
dog ' seemed • to become more furious and
snapped ; at , him. The ¦ officer was com
pelledto use hl3'club to beat the anlmil
off. The brute was captured later and
killed with a pistol bullet. • - V
The Alumni Commissioned Officers* As
sociation of the University of California
will elve a grand reception and ball at
Native Sons' Hall on Tuesday evening.
February 12. The committee in charge of
the affair is as follows:
fninnel George W. ¦ Bauer, commander; Lieu
tenant Colonel Charles H. Murphy. Major Per
pt?af Dolman. Major W. H. Houston. Captain
cUal Doiman. J w Millar. Lieu-
Fenant I! D Hatch. Lieutenant J. A. McGee.
The following have accepted Invitations
to be present in full military uniforms:
Major General W. R. Shafter, U S. A., and
staff- Major General - John H. Dickinson. N.
G C and staff: Colonel Thomas F. OWelll
and staff. First Infantry Regiment. N. G. C;
Caotaln N.T. James and staff,- Naval Militia;
the officers of the MeCullouch; General W. H.
Seaman, adjutant general California, and
members of ; Governor's staff.
President B. I. Wheeler of the Univer
sity of California and members of the
faculty will also be present. Invitations
have been extended to all officers of the
army and navy.
ALUMNI ', OFFICEBS PLAN #
RECEPTION AND DANCE
Will B& a Military Function and Will
Be Held in Native Sons'
Hall.
BERKELEY, Feb. 3.— The State execu
tive committee of the Christian Endeavor
Society will met at the First Presbyterian
Church, this city, next Saturday after
noon/. In the evening the local society
will tender the committee a reception and
rally.
Among the speakers will be State Presi
dent J.- B. Warren of Santa. Barbara Dr
Sarah E. Wise of San Francisco. Rev. E*
R. Dille of Oakland and Rev. George C
Adams of San Francisco. E. I* Gregory
president of the local union, will preside
at the rally.
Rally to State .Officers.
R. C. Potts (single) to Nelson H. and Ma
tilda L. M. Townsend. all interest In lot on
E line of Vicente street. 131.T5 N of Miranda.
N 82.50 b7 E 130. lots 64 and S3. block O. on
amended map blocks G and F of Vicente Pe
ralta Reservation Tract at Temescal, Oakland;
$10.
Andrew and J*n« C. Jones to Karolins
Pchwlzer and Msrle Munk, lot 17. block M.
map • of Andrew Jones subdivision Brokolya
Township; 1300. -
Ellen Plunkett to Carl Altmana. lot on W
lino of Twenty-first avenue. 73 S"W of East
Twenty-second street. SW 77:« by ?TW 103:«.
block 6S-. map of lots in Brooklyn. East Oak
land; $1500.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to In
dustrial' Home of Mechanical Trades for Adult
Blind of State of California, lots R. 8. R-A
and S-A. in section B of plat 5, Mountain Vi»w
Cemetery. Oakland Township; $316.
Rosa M. Shattuck to H. B. Cottshall. lot M.
block a.' Shattuck Tract, map 2. Berkeley;
$1500. .
Matilda Brkenbrecker to VT. J. Mortimer,
lot 33. block 6. amended map Sea Ylexr Park.
Berkeley; $1000,
"W. J. and Grace E. Mortimer to Georga A.
Jenks. same. Berkeley: J300O.
May E. Davi'3 to James A. Kan*, lots ». 13
and 11. map of Marion Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship; $.".
Jacob L.-iux (single) to Manuel J. and Mary
Diaa. beginning at a point in S line of road
leading from Haywards to Lone Tree Cene
tery at point of Intersection of dividing Una
between lands of Schwa!) and lands of Green*
with S line maid-road, thence SB 82 yards. SW
37 yards. NE «2 yards, to beginning. ,Edea
Township; $10.
Charles Camden to Harriet E. Butler, lot 4.
block B. map of Linda Vista Terrace, Oak
land: $3500.
street. 110 N of Orchard. If 53 by VT 130. lot
13. block B. Arraes Tract, Oakland: tZOO.
A. II. and Blizabeth Klcton to "Laura. F,
"Wood, (widow), lot 6, block O, Latham Ter
race. East Oakland; $1000.
The dead Prince had been ill for several
years. Ills trouble, became . serious, and
three months ago 'the family, with Us
retinue, returned to Oakland, that the
sick man might secure medical attend
ance. The camp Was restablishtd, and
the young Prince, settling down to a sea
son of rest, improved somewhat; but a
sudden change for the worse sent him to
bed last night, and Dr. John Fearn was
summoned to. the camp to attend the heir
apparent. "The physician found him in
a critical: condition. He died twelve
hours later.
Onnar, the Queen mother, was incon
solable. She is, now 78 years of age, and
her years have bent her almost to the
grave. Her son Vaa a native of Califor
nia, having been born 35 years ago at
Stockton. There will be a funeral service
Tuesday afternoon at- the gypsy, camp,
which as many as possible of the Bos
well regime will be summoned to at-
e The last stopping place of the gypsies
was at lone. They came direct to Oak
land from that town. Sma41 bands of
the rovers are scattered throughout
the West, all of them having close fam
ily relations with the Queen in Oakland.
Palmer, the dead King, was a direct de
scendant of an English gypsy sovereign,
and he held his scepter of authority over
the nomads in this country as firmly as
any crowned head of Europe wields, his
symbol of kingly power. . ,
The dead gypsy Prince was a musician
by calling. ,
There ia weeping and j wailing in the
gypsy tribe that for many yearB has made
its headquarters in this city. Death call
ed to-day ' and took Walter Boswell. a
prince of the nomadic family, son of
Onnar, Queen- of the tribe, herself a
daughter of the great King Palmer,
whose death occurred here a few years
ago. '
The big gypsy camp at Thirty-ninth and
Adeline streets has been turned Into a
tented village of mourning. The aged
Queen, and Joslah Boswell. her venerable
consort, refuse to be comforted for the
loss of the son, who would succeed, had
he lived, to the gypsy throne, commander
of all tho gypsies of the "West.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Feb. 3.
Only Son of Queen Onnar
Passes Away in the
Nomad Camp.
REAPER CLAIMS
GYPSY PRINCE
Acknowledgment is made of a donation
of $50 from D. O. Mills. The president
recommends ¦ that the admission fee be
raised to $250. - ,
Relating ~to the matter, con
cerning which' the board of directors took ao
tlon. some time . since, I have to report that
everything had progressed favorably up to a
certain point, and there seemed to be a. fair,
prospect of Obtaining the money, -amounting*
to about 11500, until interested parties inter
fered without warrant or authoritv. and this
unwarranted Interference has placed matters
in such shape as to leave -little hope of the
home ever - obtaining _ it.
In connection with the Friedman bequest of
fifteen (15) shares of the stock of the San
Francisco pas and Electric Company. I have
to report that the latest ' information would
Indicate that owing to a contest of the will
recently instituted, this legacy will be tied up
for a longi time to : come, but there are hopes
and a fair prospect that the home will ob
tain it- eventually. . ' .
Mrs. W. T. Shorey, president of the
home, has made her annual report, show
ing the operations during tne first year
of active work. The home was opened
February 1, 1900, when Mrs. Harriet Davis
was installed as matron. A month later
two applicants ¦ were admitted. ¦ During
the year the final payment of Interest
on the debt was remitted by Mrs. C.
Bosworth. There were eight applications
for' admission during the year.
• Mrs. Shorey says she was enabled,
through the assistance of auxiliary No.
1 of Oakland, to place a steam heater in
the building at a cost of $127 90. Refer
ring to bequests the president reports: '
The Home for Aged and Infirm Colored
People has been cleared of debt during
the year just closed. Through the efforts
of the president and board of directors
the debt of $400, plus $33 Interest, has been
liquidated and the Institution Is now on
a satisfactory basis.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Feb. 3.
Succass Attends Effort of
Directors of Home for
Colored People.
WIPE OUT THEIR
DEBT IN A YEAR
Pastors Present a Wide Range of
Subjects for Consideration by
Their Congregations. .
OAKLAND, Feb. 3.-Rev. Charles R.
Brown, pastor of the First Congrega
tional Church, has commenced a series
of Sunday evening sermons on the gen
eral theme, "Common Sense In Religion."
This evening's discourse was on "The
Common-sense Idea of Religion." Those
to follow are: "The Common-sense View
of Man," "The Common-sense View of
Salvation." "The Common-sense . Belief
About the Bible," "The Common-sense
View of the Church," "The Coftimon
srnse Idea of Prayer," "The Common
$ense View of Christian Brotherhood,"
"The Common-sense View of Heaven and
Hell."
Rev. Ernest E. Baker, D. D., of Cleve
land, Ohio, preached to-day at the First
Presbyterian Church, his subjects Being
"Unconscious Goodness" and "A Study in
Heredity." He will leave for home to
morrow.
Fred B. Smith, International secretary
cf the Young Men's .Christian Associa
tion, delivered an address this morning
at the First Methodist Church, This af
ternoon Secretary Smith conducted a spe
cial meeting at the First Congregational
Church.
Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills delivered a
discourse to-day at the First Unitarian
Church on "The Biography of Buddha,"
one of a series in a course on great reli
gions.
Rev. S. B. Randall of California Col
lege occupied the pulpit to-day at the
First Baptist Church.
"Christian Science Versus Christianity"
was the subject of a sermon preached to
day by Rev. H. W. Fraser*at the Brook
lyn Presbyterian Church.
THEMES OF SERMONS
IN OAKLAND PULPITS
BERKELEY, Feb.' 3.— The Berkeley
Oratorio Society and the Berkeley Orches
tral Society, two of the, leading musical
organizations of this "city, * will produce
Mendelssohn's ''Elijah", , at the-.Opera
house) Tuesday evening 1 .* ¦ The solo part"
will be sung by Miss Stillla Flynn, - so
prano;' Mrs. J. E.: Birmingham, contralto;
Homer Henley, basso, 1 and Harry .Taylor,
tenor. ' : :
To Give Mendelssohn's "Elijah."
Th« mean temperature for the ten years end
ing June 30, 1900, was '54.4 degrees Fahrenheit;
for the year ending June 20, 1898. 53.3 degrees;
ending June 30, 1899. 53.5 degrees; ending Juno
30, 1900, 64.1 degrees. The highest temperature
registered by the thermometer during the past
thirteen years was 101- degrees, on . June 29.
189L The highest temperature reached during
the past three years was 94.4 degrees,- on July
1 1899. The greatest daily variation 'for ; the
thirteen years was 88.1 degrees on June 20,
1892. The least daily variation was 1.5 de
grees," on February 19, 1892. . ,
The annual rainfall for the ten years ending
June 30, 1897. averaged 28. E73 Inches. For the
year ending June 30, . 1900, the rainfall was
25.359. and for the : two preceding years . Z7.663
and 14.408 respectively. *
During the ten years rain fell on an average
eeventy days out of the 3«5. During the three
years prior to June 30., 1900, the number of
rainy days waa respectively 88, 61 and 52. For
the ten-year period tho prevailing wind was
southwest, but for the, last three years the
wind *: is beat described . by the words "south
and calm." - ' ..:
Berkeley Climate During the
Past Thirteen Years. ,j
BERKELEY. Feb. 3.— The studeits*
observatory at the University of Califor
nia ha£ issued a bulletin containing a
synopsis of meteorological observations
\pt Berkeley for the years ending June 30,
1R9S, 1899 and 1D00, tn comparison witlT the
.results ¦ of ¦ a weather synopsis for the
ten years ending' June 30, 1897. The • bul
letin says: -.w ; .
Issue Bulletin Showing Changes in
STTJDENTS COMPARE
WEATHER REPORTS
ng the afternoon there were short talks
m the subject of the charitable work of
he committee and other tonics by* A. H.
Jreckwoldt. W. T. Webb. J. F. Nichols.
F. L. Turnin, Mark Dcvine, W. A. S.
Nicholson, Frederick W. Stowell. Ernest
C Stock. A. A. Friedlamlc-r. Grand Master
W. W. Watson. A. G. Clark. S. G. Whit
ney, O. V. Phillips, Al Steinart and W.
RusselL Tho cloFlnir toast was "The
health of the new officers; may they be
successful in carrying on the good work
of tlTe committee."
DEMOCRATS READY
FOR N0MINATI0NS
David E. Bortree Will Make
a Fight for the City
Treasurership.
Republican Committee to Keep Open
House at Headquarters — Com
mittee of Twenty-One
to Meet.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Feb. 3.
The final meetings of the municipal
campaign will be held during the com
ing week. After that there will be five
weeks of campaigning:, and the Indica
tions are that a hard battle will be fought.
The Democratic city convention will be
held on Tuesday evening at Masonic Hall.
The Democrats will put a complete city
ticket in the fietd. The only three nom
inations that are certain are those of
Warren 15. English for Mayor, David E.
Bortree for City Treasurer and John H.
Cregan for Councilman from the Sixth
Ward.
Warren B. English has been the only
candidate for Mayor that has presented
himself, "and if he chooses to take the
nomination it is his. From present indi
cations Mr. English* has chosen to take it.
There will be a determined fight made
for David £. Bortree for Treasurer. Bor
tree has always been a Democrat, though
he has held the office of deputy under Z.
T. Gilpin ever since Mr. Gilpin has been
City Treasurer. When Gilpin was defeat
ed in the Municipal League # for Treas
urer he and_ his friends felt somewhat
Eore, and it has been decided to give Bor
tree the Democratic nomination and then
try and win as against C B. Morgan, the
Republican nominee, and Felton Taylor,
the Municipal League nominee.
John H. Cregan will be given the Dem
ocratic nomination for the Council from
tho ' Sixth Ward, and will cross swords
with Louis Schaffer, the Republican nom
inee, and Ledgett, the Municipal League
nominee.
The Republican City Central Committee
will hold a meeting on Tuesday evening
at Its headquarters, corner of Broadway
and Eleventh street, when the candidates
will be Invited before It. There will be
a general discussion between the com
mitteemen and the candidates as to the
plan of campaign to be pursued. It is
probable that there will be meetings
throughout Oakland, and that a very
active canvass for votes will be under
taken.
It has been decided by the Republican
committee that its headquarters will be
kept open each day from 9 o'clock in the
morning until late at night. There will
be several of the party managers In
charge.
The Committee of Twenty-one wiU hold
a meeting on Monday evening at the
Board of Trade, rooms. An effort was
made last week to hold a meeting of this
committee, but a quorum did- not as
semble. It expects to take some ' steps
toward Indorsing a ticket, and will indorse
the Municipal League ticket if anything
Is done.
Cotillon Club Assembly.
BERKELEY, Feb. 3.— The assembly of
the 1901 Cotillon Club of the Berkeley
High School was held Friday evening in
the Town and Gown Club hall. The pa
tronesses were Mrs. J. H. Senger Mrs O
P. Hoagr. Miss Eva V. Carlin and Miss
Fannie McLean. Those present were*
Misses Hope White. Stella Hoag, Alice
Senger. Greta Augustine. Carrie Parsons
Mary Overman. Anna Smith, Hallle Whit
lock. Mabel Hartwtck. Janet Mason Ma
bel .Knoll, Virginia Pieroe. Amy Coombs
Ida Henley and Pearl Wagner; Messrs'
George Poesey, Edward Grindley. Chester
'Lamb. Dudley Saeltzer. Thomas Hutchlna
Ernest G. Ylnscott A. • Dorn. William
Kelley, Ernest Wells Harry Cheney,
Samuel Eastman. William Mason. Finlcy
Eastman. Frank Warner; Preston Plum
mer, William McCleave and Frank Skin
ner. ' ¦"-V^
Fire in MJerrlck Bros.' Bakery.
OAKLAND. Feb. 3.— Fire broke out in
the rear of Merrick Bros.' bakery at 26
San Pablo avenue at 10:30 o'clock to-night,
among a lot of rubbish. The flames
worked through to the roof and
endangered for a time the Playter block
at the Junction of Broadway. San Pablo
avenue and Fourteenth street, in which
the bakery t» located. Many sleeping
roomers in the block were aroused and
sought safety in. flight: Clouds of smoke
filled the hallways and apartments. No
one was hurt nor was any serious damage
done. The fire department speedily sub
dued the blaze.
Wentworth-Spear Nuptials.
BERKELEY. Feb. 3.— Miss Nellie Went
worth and Charles M. Spear, both of West
Berkeley, . were married quietly in San
Francisco yesterday. They will maka
their future home in the West End. M1js3
Wentworth Is the daughter of O. R. Went
worth, a Berkeley manufacturer.
Fire at Old Ladies' Home.
OAKLAND, Feb. 3.— Fire broke out this
afternoon in .the kitchen at the, Old La
dies' Home, Alden. The fir© department
was summoned, but. the blaze was extin
guished with little damage
>^")LONEL J. D. FRY, a pioneer of
/T this State and the president of the
(I California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company since Us organization,
died at his residence, 1812 Jackson
street, early yesterday morning. Colonel
Fry had been ailing for- some time, but
none Imagined tho end as near as It wa?.
Colonel Fry's years were 80 and he ha-i
passed an adventurous ltfe. He was
a native of Kentucky and an early set
tler in Illinois, whence he came to Cali-
During the Civil War Colonel Fry acted
as United States Mail Agent for the Pa
cific Coast. For many years he was a
director of the Bank of California and
of the Spring Vnlley Water Works. He
leavers a wife and one son R. D. Fry,
vice president of the California Safe De
posit and Trust Company. His other near
relatives are a grandson, Douglas Fry,
and a stepson, T. J. Hay of Fresno.
fornia in 1849. He entered almost im
mediately .upon his arrival into mercan
tile and banking pursuits.
THE LATE COLONEL JOHN D, FRY, A PIONEER OF THIS STATE
AND A VERY PROMINENT FACTOR IN THE SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS WORLD, WHO DIED AT HIS HOME HERE.
Rev. Arthur Hicks Resigns.
LIVERMORE. Feb. 3.— The Rev. Arthur
Hicks, pastor of the Presbyterian Church
for three "ears, has resigned. He has
been appointed synodical Sabbath-school
missionary for California and Nevada by
the Presbvterlan Board of Publication and
Sabbath-school Work. Rev. Mr. Hicks
will b^gin his duties April 1.
A. II. BRECKWOLDT, PRESI
DENT OF THE ODD FEL
LOWS' RELIEF COMMITTEE.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 3.— Mrs. Sarah Jaujou
was arrested to-day on a charge of petty
larceny preferred by. J. IX Rhoades. pro
prietor of the Alameda Shoe Store.
Rhoades says that Mrs. Jaujou came Into
his store last night for the ostensible pur
pose of making a purchase. She left with
out buying anything. After she left he
missed a pair of ladies' shoes. Then he
remembered some suspicious movements
on the part of -Mrs. Jaujou and came to
tho conclusion that she had put the foot
gear under her coat when she went out.
He got out a search warrant at daylight
this morning, went down to the woman s
home on San Jose avenue, near Oak
street, and found the shoes The woman
was released on $25 cash ball furnished by
her husband.. IBBHS&^'-'L-
Jaujou Purloined Shoes From
His Store.
Alameda Merchant Says Mrs. Sarah
WOMAN IS CHARGED
WITH SHOFI/EFTING
Thev give an idea of the range of the
author's genius. When we have thought
of him as the rival of Marlowe we find
that here he is the rival of the polite
poets of his day— Sidney. Spenser,. Dan
iels, etc. The sonnets are altogether, dif
ferent from anything else he ever wrote
and constitute another evidence of his
"myriad-mindedness." Furthermore they
are Important in making: a chronological
study of his work, for in the opinion of
nearly all scholars they form the link be
tween his comedies and tragedies. From
whatever standpoint we may look at them
they give evidence of the darker side of
life such as we do not tlnd in his early
plays; one gets the tone of the tragedies
here. And, finally.* they are interesting
because many scholars believe with Words
worth that in these poems Shakespeare
for once "unlocked his heart" and entered
the confessional.
I have suggested a much mooted prob
lem among Shakespearean scholars. As
Furnival says. "The great question is. do
the sonnets speak his own heart or. not?"
Recent critics are not agreed on this
roint. Sidney Lpp in his recently pub
lished "Life of Shakespeare" argues with
considerable force that there is nothing
to be gained from the attempt to read the
life of the dramatist into his sonnets:
that they are ••exercises" that Shakes
peare set himself to because every other
poet of the day wa3 writing sonnets. In.
support of this theory he finds parallel
passages for almost all the sonnets in the
poetry of the 6ay or in that of the Con
tinent. They are "a medley of imitative
studies" and 'produce dramatically the
illusion of a dramatic confession." On the
other hand, Brandes. Furnival and Dow
den, not to- mention others, argue that
Shakespeare Is altogether subjec.tive and
plucks out the heart of his mystery.
Let us look a little more closely at these
two theories, for there is truth in both of
them— or. rather, the truth is midway be
tween the two. There was a "sonnetteer
lng rage" In England between 1591 and
1597. The fashion had come from France
and Italy and found expression In Sid
ney's "Astroohel and Stella." Sidney's
"Amorettfr." Drayton'a "Idea." etc. To be
a fashionable poet, popular especially
with the noblemen end with the aristo
cratic authors, one must write this kind
of versa. Within six years 1200 sonnets of
the amorous kind appeared In England.
Shakespeare "applied himself with all the
force of his poetic genius whe,n the fash
ion was at Its height." Just as he adopted
the conventions of the chronicle-history
drama -and comedy and the tragedy of
blood so he adopted those of the sonnet.
Many- of the expressions are thoroughly
conventional: whole sonnets are-imitative
of other sonnets; plagiarisms abound. He
wrote, as other men did. of death and
time and love; he. like other poets, prom
ises his beloved an eternity of fame; he
XXVIII.
There are several good reasons why
Shakespeare's sonnets are comparatively:
neglected by students of his plays, impor- ;
tant as they are in making a complete es- |
timate of his work. In the first place a :
sequence of sonnets or short poems, where
one theme Is looked at from many differ- i
ent standpoints; is apt to become monot- i
onous. There . is no narrati-ve to connect
them, no unity of description — only a cer
tain unlty'of thought. One feel3 this dif
ficulty in reading Mrs. Browning's "Son
nets from the Portuguese," or Tennyson's
"In Memoriam." Only after a very care
ful analysis and Ftudy of each detail In
relation to the general structure doe3 the
proper understanding come to one. Inter
pretation i«= needed tor this kind of writ
ing more than for almost any other kind;
an outline such as one finds ia Furnival's
introduction to the Leopold edition of
Shakespeare oi'Dowden's valuable edition
of the sonnets. Some etrort must be made
to understand the relation of part to part.
the circumstances under which they were
written, the ncrsons referred to. etc.
Just here we strike another difficulty —
the obscurity that will 'always be asso
ciated with the persons referred to. Aftev
all that has been written on the subject
we are still In the dark. A3 some German
critic said: "Ignoramus, ignoramibus."
Such obscurity is baifilng to a student.
With these ditricultles removed there re
mains the Indubitable fact that many of
the sonnets are extremely commonplace;
many cf them "sink almost into inanity
beneath the burden of quibbles and con
ceits' and are "impressive displays of ver
bal jugglery." mere are conceits that
rival those In the early plays, and it is
not at all unlikely that some of- the son
r.ets were -written very early in the au
thor's career. There is also a great deal
of artificial sentimentality— they are what
Mercs called them, "sugred sonnets."
After all has been said, however, by way
of criticism there are some reasons why
every intelligent student of Shakespeare
should know the sonnets. The first 12G
sonnets are a revelation of the love of
man • for man, "passing ; the love of
woman." Some one amons" the noblemen
of his day laid hold of the heart of the
poet, and these poem3 reveal his sensitive
soul. They form a striking parallel to the
sonnets of Michael Aneelo, the dialogue*
of Plato and the memorial pcems in En
glish literature. The second group (127
152) !s a revelation of some of the darker
phases of - human love. Its passion and
disappointment and trageay. From the
standpoint of style the sonnets "reach
levels of lyric melody and meditative
energy that are hardly to be matched else
where in -poetry."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Feb. 3.
President WilMam McKinley will ad
dress the students of the University of
California on commencement day. Hay 15
next. This* has bo»n settled by a telegram
received by Prerident Wheeler of the uni
versity convoying the positive information
that President McKinley would be able
to accept the invitation that President
Wheeler had extended to him upon the
occasion of the visit of th« head of the
¦university to Washington a month ago.
Upon his return from the East President
\VbeeIer announced that he had extended
the Invitation to President McKinley and
that it had be^n accepted provisionally
upon the visit of the President to this
coast. From the later communications
that have passed it has become evident
that President McKinley intends to visit
California and that he will accept the in
vitation to rpeak to the students of the
university.
So it has been settled that the class of
VM'l will rncr tb<* struggles of the world
r.ith the personally piven advice of the
President of the United States to guide it.
No particular plans have been made for
the great event, but it has been settled
that the *>xorrirs will be held on the
campus in order that the greatest number
cf people possible may be accommodated.
Other than this the only thine that is set
tled 4s the date.
The acceptance of the invitation extend
ed by President Wheeler of the University
of California moans that president Mc-
Kinley will come to this coast without
Jail.
McKiNLEY WILL
VISIT BERKELEY
To Speak on Commencement
Day, May 15, on the
Campus.
petni-Riiual meeting of the
J German relief committee of the
* Independent Order o- Odd Fellows
iv of • — s city was held vesterdv
In the Odd Fellows' building, and
¦was attended by represen .atives of
all the local lodges and a num
ber of grand officers and past presi
dents of the committee, among: them
Orand Master \V. \V. Watson. Grand Sec
retary George T. Shaw and Past Presi
dents Nicholson. Clark and Turpin. The
rr;wrts of the officers present shoxvtd that
¦hiring the last six months the commit
uhs's attention had been called to 29$
«'a?es, an excess of twenty over the num
ber during the prwedlng: term, and that
relief was extended in all cases according
to the merits, as reported by the Investi
gating sub-committees;. The receipts dur
ing the term were $10,307 43, lers $59S 25 on
hand at the close of the previous term.
The disbursements fcr relief were: Gen
era! fur.d, S<173 er>r friendship fund, $2G0 HO,
and general expenses, ?41o 35.
The election resulted In the choice of the
following named officers: A. II. Breck
wcldt of Hermann Lodge (German), presi
dent; W. T. Webb of Golden Gate Lodge,
vico president: J. P. Nichols of Park-
Lodpe. secretary (re-elected), and Henry
F. Neunaber, treasurer (re-electedi. The
newly elected officers were installed bv
the retiring president. Dr. M. Neumann,
nfter which he presented to the new presi
dent the committee's watch, which has
never been wound up in fifteen years, but
which shows the hour of ten, to remind
him that that is the hour at which the
committee is to be called to order every
Sunday mornir.g. This was followed by
the presentation by A. A. Friedlander. on
behalf of the committee, to the retiring
president of an el* chiffonier, a? a
token of appreciation of his services while
in the office he had just vacated. Then
followed a few remarks by Grand Master
Watson. Grand Secretary Shaw and IV.
A. S. Nicholson, after which there was an
adjournment to a rotisserie where about
seventy-live partook of a dinner, prepared
under "the direction of the committee on
entertainment, consisting of M. Neumann,
M. D.; A. E. Graupner, A. A. Friedlander.
C, E. Perry and W. O. Jones. The re
union was. a most pleasant one. and dur-
EDWIN MlilS.
Trinity College. N. C.
Whether this woman was Mary Fjtton or
not. there wa=i some woman probably at
Elizabeth's court who had made Shakes
peare have an unhappy time. A woman,
"of stained character and the reverse ot
beautiful, but a strong nature, intellect
ual, a lover of art and possessed of curi
ous magnetic attraction, with her dark
eyes, which Illuminated her pale face,
wronged him." Something like this was
Shakespeare's tragedy. lie was no per
fect man. He had felt the terrible conse
quences of a misplaced affection, and so
in the sonnets we have what corresponds
to some of David's Psalms. There was
much of the Romeo In his make-up, and
he suffered all the spiritual misery that
one of his deep sensitiveness could feel.
That Is, after all. the most significant
thing in these poems. Underneath the
plot suggested, underneath the special
themes treated.- we hear the strains of
undoubted spiritual misery, we feel th?«.t
In some such way Shakespeare was made
aware of the burden of the mystery of
all this unintelllsrible world. How did he
pass from the joy of the comedies and
histories to the tragedies underlying hts
Kreat plays? Through some such suffer
ings as are described in the sonnets. Hero
we have what corresponds to similar ex
periences In the lives of Goethe and Car
lyle and many other men who have, pass
ed through the Kverlastlnp No. •
While In his tragedies he was to glvs
expression to the awful tragedy of tho
world through Hamlet. Lear, Othello,
etc.. in the sonnets -we have hla own
indictment of the world about him. X
doubt if there is anywhere in so short a
space an expression of the "wrongness"
of the world that surpasses the sixty
sixth sonnet — one of those "superbly final"
things that only Shakespeare could write:
Tired with all these, for restful death I cry;
As, to behold a desert a beg?ar born.
And needy nothing trimmed la Jollity.
And purest faith unhappily forsworn.
And glided honor shamefully misplaced.
And maiden virtue rudely strumpeted.
And right perfection wrongfully misplaced.
And strength by Hmplnsr sway disabled.
And art made tonrue-tled by authority. — ./ -
And folly (doctor-like> controlling skill.
And simple trutfi miscalled simplicity.
And captive good attending captain 111;
Tired with all these, from these would. I fe*
gone.
Save that, to die. I leave my lov» alone.
The poet seems to have his mind stirred
with a sense of the decay of all things.
Death is a reality to him. for he speaks
of "friends hid in death's dateless night."
He realizes the victorious march of tima
in sonnets 34 and 35:
O how shall summer's honey breath hold out.
Against the wreckful siege of battering days.
Or -what strong hand can hold his swift foot
• back? : . .
Or who his spoil of beauty can forbid T
How much. then, do "we know about
Shakespeare from the sonnets? There is
evidently a reference to the disappoint
ments connected with the stage and the
following of his art. There were times
when he rebelled against the limitations of
his professional and social life. He .chides
fortune for not making better provision
for him "than public means which public
manners breed."
Then comes It that iry name receives a brand.
And almost thence my nature Is subdued
To what it works in. like the dyers hand-
Pity me then and wish I were renewed.
This melancholy with regard to his work:
is seen especially in sonnets 29. 30. 110. -111.
Further, than this the sonnets give evi
dence of a very sensitive heart. He knew
how to love, and he felt the disappoint
ments of friendship and love. He was no
cold-hearted Bacon; his Intellect was sub
ordinated to a very warm heart. We have
here the evidences of the strong devotion
to a young friend. Whether it was th»
Earl of Pembroke or Southampton or not,
only some one "high born, beautiful,
young, clever, accomplished, ardent."
could inspire such affection as is express
ed in the best of the sonnets, some ono
had " been the inspiration cf his muse
some fine young man had been to him the
ideal of beauty and honor, his "better an
gel." Suddenly he felt that hla friend had
wronged him. The world becomes changed
to him. The keynote of his poems is
struck in these lines:
Two loves I have of comfort and despair.
Which like two spirits do su^sest me still;
The better angel is a man. right fair.
The wor3cr spirit a wumtD, colored 111.
To win me soon to hell, my female evil
Tempteth my b«tter angel from my sld».
And would corrupt my saint to be a devil,
Woolnjr his purity with her foul pride.
speak* of the seasons in the very lan
guage that had become conventional. Ho
shows some sensitiveness as to the finer
things of friendship and love, some idea
of the pain an.i sorrow of the world; but
here as elsewhere he 19 dramatic— there
Is nothing cf "the personal in them.
May not all of this be tru? and yet some
thing els? bt> true? He did aJopt the
conventions of th* sonnet, and xt h<">
transcended them, just as he transcended
the conventions of the clramn of hia day:
only that the sonnets "expose him more
than all his other poems." to us<? »»a ex
pression of Whitman's. As statM in tl}»
besinninsr. many of th*m arc artificial,
and yet there are others that are deeply
personal. As Brandes ?ay3, "Th? reader
will rejoice in the insight afforded by
these poems, which the crowd ignores*,
into the tempestuous emotional life of one
of the greatest of men. Here, and here
alone, we see Shakespeare aa distinct from
his poetical creation— loving, admi.ing.
longing, yearning, adoring, disappointed,
humiliated, tortured."
The committee, has bctn Informed that
certain of the accuser* of the Police De
partment have boasted that they have
witnesses who will swear to the direct
payment of money to police official.*.
These witnesses, thoy say. they will not
produce unless the roir.mHteo guarantees
them protection. That* guarantee will be
given them and at the same time a for
mal demand will be made for the names
of these important witnesses.
The committee is also going to ask the.
Police Commissioners for a statement
said to have been prepared by n
police official show-in*.' the location
of every gambling and bawdy house \n
the city, also tho names of the owner*
find o'ecupants. Th<» statement w- s
prepared. it is said. at the time
the subject of practically licensing
these disreputable places was first
brought up. for . consideration by
the commission. The intention then was
to allow the houses to run openlv, but on
condition that the owners would consent
to being raided once a month and forfeit
their bail in the Police Court. This list.
It is paid, will show that If the plan had
carried the city -would have received $100.
000 annually in this forfeited ball money
from these offenders.*
While the proof' of the many charges
against the department may be forthcom
ing it is the general opinion that nothing
will be found to implicate Chief of Police
Sullivan in the crookedness. If any exists.
The right and power of the committee to
subpena witnesses has been questioned
by some, and the . members have sought
legal advice. They have been advised that
all the power necessary Is vested in them,
and that there is no question as to their
right to subpena and compel the attend
ance of witnesses. The legal right of a
legislative committee to compel the at
tendance of witnesses was passed
upon by the Supreme Court in the Law
rence case. The court decided at that
time that all witnesses subpenaed must
attend the investigation then in progress
before a legislative committee, "and that
the committee had power to act.
The eommitteQmen wish it emphatically
understood that they do not intend med
dling with municipal affairs. There is a
State law against gambling and they in
tend ascertaining if it has been violated
through the crookednf-ss or carelessness
of the Police Department. But should
anything lax in the enforcement of mu
nicipal laws come to their notice whi'e
conducting the investigation they believe
it their duty to brine., the matter to the
attention of the Governor. A reeommen
daion from them -would no doubt receive
immediate attention.
The investigation will be made as thor
cugh'as possible, and those who have been
making charges will bo called upon to sub
stantiate them. After all the proof of the
accusers is before the committee an op
portunity will be afforded the accused to
clear themselves If they can. The matter
of sr-rving subpenas for witnesses will not
be priven into the hands of the police.
Sheriff Lackmann has consented' to place
at the disposal of the committee as many
Deputy Snerlffs as. they require to assist
them. The deputies will not only serve all
necessary papers, but will also act as
baliffs during the progress of the investi
gation.
Thc members cf the committee appoint
ed from the lower house of the' Legisla
ture to investigate the charges of erook
odncss in the j=an Kranclsco Police De
partment will all be in the city tq-night,
and they expect to be able to commence
their work Tuesday. -It is their intention
to probe to the very bottom 6€ the scandal
and ascertain if there Is any ground for
the oft-repeated charges of corruption
in police affairs. 'i hey will endeayor
to make arrangements to-day for the use.
of one of the courtrooms in the Hall of
Justice. If they are unable to do so one
of the courtrooms in the' City Hall
may be obtained. President Newha'.l of
the Board of Police Commissioners ten
dered the use of the board's chamber to
the committee. While the offer was ap
preciated the gentlemen decided that they
could not accept it under the circum
stances.
Will Probe to the Bottom the Charges
of Corruption Mad; Against !
the Police Depart-
Legislative Committee Ex
pects to Commsnce Its
Work Tuesday.
GETTING READY
TO INVESTIGATE
onakespeares bonnets hvidence His
"Myriad-Mindedness" and Reveal
the Secrets of His Heart
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
Odd Fellows' Relief Committee Holds Its
Semi- Annual Meeting, Elects -Officers
and Hears Results of Charily Work
REPORTS RENDERED SHOW
WHERE AID WAS GRANTED
THE SAN FRAls CISCO C ALE, MONDAY, FEBRUARY ,4, 1901.
Colonel V J. D. Fry, Pioneer of '49 and
Prominent as a: Banker,- Passes Away
After Reaching the Octogenarian Point
ANOTHER ARGONAUT GOES
AT BECKONING OF DEATH
7
$ !iM*rk*t8t. 8-F. I Sh*ttacls Av.BerkeUj
5 <t * WmVo. Otk 1 Central At, AJ*2ie4a.
X its: Wood. Oak. | £9 S. 1st St., B»n Jote.
< «I7 Wasbin&toa Street. Oakland.
I Postum Cereal
Slakes red blood. Larre pkg. „«-
Ke«. 25c 20 C
MghrseMls Sardines
H!r*«*rt quality. Can
French Sardines. Reg:. 15c 1QC
Packed In finest Olivej OIL
Bromangreion
For tjulck desserts. Pkr. . _. _
Re*. 2 for 25c IOC
Bixbee's Shoe Polish
For ladles* shoe*. Bottle '¦}• '2,^. T.
A ehSne for almost nothing:. S&
Re*. 10&
Ghirardelli's Cocoa . i
\f. fresh made. Regular «1r« „,%>- !
Healthful and . . Reg. £5c2OC -
Strengthening. . ',
Baltimore Oysters : ?
Clean, eelect ¦• 'I can*-,-*- I
Oysters. 2.^K.
Tomatoes
Nonpareil branfl. Can ! -/•
Very good for the money. . sj**
Cevlon Tea
Kew crop. Pound ___
Pure tea leaves. Reg. COc jUv
Noted for etrength and Savor.
Rex Deviled Ham
Fcr ready lunch. 2 can« . __ _
Reg. Sc IOC
! Quality ec.ua! to any brand.
j Jesse IVbore Whiskey.
A. A. Bottle „.
Mackenzie Scotch
Whi c kev
For "Hot Scotch" BottKQ,*-.
And ordinary use. Reg. 11.25. O^
Table Port or Sherrv
• fit. I^a wrench Gallon. r r
Vineyard —Fresno. *X}
Monday and Tuesday. , Reg. 75c
Me Bra er Whi«kev
Th' Gunslne Gallon £ _ _,_.
. "Old McBraycr." Jleg. $}.&0. JS2 j>O
Kellogg's Whiskev
A. A. BotUeO->.XJttE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, MONDAY, FEBRUABY 4, 1901.
8
SA.V FHAXCISCO CALL.
BCSZKEBS OrriCE or The San Francisco
Call, corner of MarUct and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every r.icht i;\ the year.
BBAKCH OFFICES— 53 Montgomery Btreet.
corner Clay; or*n -until 3:30 p. m.
s™» nayes street; o;xn until 9:30 p. m.
CZZ McAllister street; open until 9:?0 p. m.
«:i3 !.ark;:i street; open unlil 9:30 p. EB. j
:941 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m. j
22C1 Market tstreet. corner Sixteenth; open j
ur.lil S p. tn. 1
106 Eleventh Btrr ct ; . open until 9 p. in. J
lfOC Valencia street; opea until 9 p. m. j
North \v«-t comer Twer.ty-Eocond an<S Ken- 1
turky 6tr«"ts; orcn until 3 p.m. .
IICETIXG yOTICCS.'?
GOLDEN Gate CommaniJn? >"°- IS. K - .*. j
T.. Goldon Gate building. «2S Kutter <*£¦•**¦ I
ft.— Stated assembly THIS EVENING g^| ;
at S o'clock. The order of the Tern- "frfl
pie will be eor.fcrreJ. All fritters V
courteously Invited. j
. HO13ERT MrMILLAN. Em. Com. J
¦U'M. T. JNJNDA. ICecorJor:
SAN* Frr.nclEco Chapter No. 1. Royal _,i\. J
Arcl» Masunf, me*>ls THIS EVEN- j\2\
IXG. liuslne** ar:q Degree 4. / * j
OCCIDENTAL 1 Lndpe No. 25. F. and A. m
M.-TH1S (MONDAY) EVENING at J&
i o'clock, staled incctin?. after which TEiT
«-»*con<J tiegrei- v/yi Ims conlerrcd. By ' "^ A
order of iho W. si.
'.VALTEP. O. ANDERSON. Sec.
MOUNT Monnh Lodse No. 44. F. and m
A. M.— Officers and members are re-
fpectfullv rooup^tpd to assemble at }5w5v
the Ternple TUESDAY. February C. '^r>
at 2 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of attenfi-
Irs the funeral of our late brother. MARTIN \
WHITE. By order of the W. M. • !
THEO FROLICH. Sec f
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. a ;
M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY (MON- .J^. '
DAY), February 4. 1901, at 7:30 o'clock jCJrV '
p. m. By order of the W. M. f^r* |
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary. J
KING SOLOMON'S Lodre No. 2G1. F. n
«nd A. M., Franklin Hall. Fillmore
ft... between Ut^h and Sutter— Stated Tkji\
meetlnir and Third Degree THIS f^r > |
EVENING at T:I0 o'clock. ;
HAKRY HAEIIR. Secretary. ¦
CALIFORNIA Lodse No. 1. I. O. O. .ssagggk.
F.-Initiatlcn MONDAY EVEN- £??25$3L I
IXG. Feb. 4. PMton welcome. !
O. II. POHLSON. N. G. 'VSI***
m mhiy meeting of tbe /^S $*W)S i r$*%\ i
ri. ¦•.•-¦:•« will be ! elJ on I
full sttendar.ee is re-
quested as busincf!" cf fpecial importance ;
will come before the meeting'.
J. I. SPEAR. Secretary.
A. O. H.. DIVISION No. 2— The regu- 1fcrffW> I
Iht monthly nieetln? cf this divisian \N\"j[ i
Will be held ct Hibernia Hall, 123 X'T !
Ninth it., on TUESDAY. Feb. j. 1901. ffQj&g/ \
JOHN KENNY. President. !
. T. It. CLAXCY. Secretary.' i
'j.1112 California Debris Commis^'on. havlug re- j
ceired nrp'ications to mine by the hydraulic j
rror*-ss irrm Peter II. Russell. In the Dad's '
O-^lch mine, near Caxcptonville, Yuba Co.. '
10 fiepot-'it tailir.ps In Brandy Creek; from j
Wm. Abbott and Louie W. Clark, in the \
Ocld Hill placer mine, near Rackerby. Yuba '
Co.. to deposit talllnes in a ravine b**low the j
ir.iTie. «nd from E. C. and P. J. Rign»y. In
tbe Maxey mine, near Mountain Ranch. Cal- j
sveras Co.. to deposit tailings in O'Nell's .
Creek, give* notice that a meetlnir will be i
hr-ld at room E». Flood bui<d;ng. San Fran-
•¦ieco. Cal.. or. February II. 1S01, at l:*0 p. m. j
THE regular anrusl meetlcs of the ftockhold- !
#m of the UNION TRUST COMPANY of
Bui Francisco will be held at the cf3e« of j
tb* rompanv in the Union Trust Company's 1
huiiding. roran- Montgonwir, Post and Mar- ;
Urt Ft*., San Francisco, Ctl.. on MONDAY. {
ihe 4th day of February. T3"l. at the hour of j
T o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of rlectins |
« bctrd cf director* to serve fcr the follow- \
lrjt year, the amendment of tbe by-law* of : .
Tl;<« company and the transaction of each j
' ether business a* mar come b*>for*> the meet- j
Irg. I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary, j
THE annual mettles of th» 6tockhold»r» of !
th- F'.erra. Railway Company nf California j
b» he'<3 at the office of the company. !
number T29 Crocker building. City and County ¦
«*f San Francieco. State of California, on J
MONDAY, the 11th day cf February. 19C1. at 1
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. fcr the purpose •
ft electing directors for the ersuins year and '
the transaction cf Fuch other business as may ;
ccrae before said meetlnr.
F. M. RICKEY. Secretary. I
T>nt»M .TapTiary 2S. 19C1. j
AGEXTS WASTED.
¦ j
AGENTS— "Life cf Qtie<>n Victoria." best, !
!arpe5t. most complete end authentic memor- •
ial volume; b«»?t terms; lj<yiks Ehipped fro:n i
Pacific Coa.-t depot: f-utflt fre* 1 : send 10c for j
rinstaKe. It. H. Patterson. 4?3 Montgomery st- :
AGENTS— Bonania; B*>ml a self-addressed j
rtampfd «"nvelop<" for circular and particulars. I
AdfJrew: bcx 17C3. Call office. i
nNnnGnTIC solicitor? for city and bay towns ;
tn reiiresent reliable business. P.ox U2S, Call |
"ffice. , I
A»JENT in every town: new imported hou»»- !
hcM nT-esFlry; beyt thine on the coast, i
A^rtro^ T>tinrt«* Vfe. «*<-... 14 Fl~v1 bl<1c S.F. j
ADOPTION. i
HEALTHY baby for adoption. MRS. DR. !
FI'NKE. 1416 Eighth gt., Alaroeda. !
ASPHALTIM HOOFIKG.
J. PELTIER, sisnhalt ronfing. sM<-walks r"- •
ralr^d; postal. 1)S« Mission;. tel. Folsom 16J7. J
ATTORXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE frw : <°.lvore* law a Fpeclaltj" private; 1
no f»-e without fuccefs: collections. G. W. !
HOWE, atty at law, SaO Market, cor. Stockton. •
FRANK *»Y. SMITH, mining an-1 probate law a i
f pecialty. Mills big., r. 3. 4th fir.; tel. P.ed 361S. J
ADVICE frco; r.n charge unless successful. \Y. |
W. DAVIDSON. SC7 Market «t.. opp. Mason, i
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreck^ls bid?.. 927 Mar- j
ket Ft.: consultation free; no fees In advance. J
BATH CABISBTSJ ;
ELnCTniC !icht bath cab'.nets to let and for i
fal«-. ISM I'rlnt Ix*of «v».
¦ — -^— — — —^ I
BOAIIDIXB FOR CIIILDREX. !
i u ..,.-^^. u 1 .-,-.
LADY with own home would like lor 2 Email •
children to board: cood care. 2218 16th st. j
¦ i
UL'SIXESS CHAXCES. v" " ,'
A— t5f.O: DAIRY produce and delicacy stand: In '
leading market of city; rent J15; good paying; j
UiTtnt-rf can't tgree. R. G. WILKE, 2Ch I
KteUTJ Ft. ' ;
A— W."G: EALOON. -nrith mercantile lunch; also !
livinjf rooms; among the wholesale hou«>g; j
low rent; cood business. Call R. (J. WILKE.
tr6'i Kearny Et. ;. , >
A— J2T-0: SALOON, few <!oor» routh »t Market
«-; place l«-pt by owner 12 years and Is do- i
lr.»; a tood business; sickness only canse of I
rale; ret rent $Zo. Inquire Et. G. WILKE. K^ i
Kearny et. .
A— JT5O; SALOON; rert JCO: plz.ee dolngr a busl- i
r.«*fs of J700 per month; patronized by sailors ¦
and *oIS!ers: about J3C0 cleared in 23 days.
R. G. WILKI^ 2€!4 Keamy «.. j
A — tlW*; TEA, coffee and crockery store, on i
Ftockton St.; r*nt {(*¦; living rooms; fixture* 1
and stork will invoice the price: owner on- !
raced otherwise. Call R. G. WILKK, 2C!i i
. Kearry et. ¦ . <
A— tSOO- CORNEIt bu?~hcr «hox\ in northern i
part cf city: rent 12'^: horse, cart; telling 4 |
cattle er.d about 15 nheep r*r wwk; a cash I
cutitom. Call R. G. WILKK, *!€4 Kearny st. j
A— SSOO: CORNER grocery a^d bar on Lanffton |
et. ; rent J30; place e«tab. 20 years; must cell '
es owner wr.r.ts to retire ana sire lorn? lease j
_ to right purty. It. Gj WILKE, rC'4 Kearny. .
A— 11200: nnfiTAfnANT and coffee Ralocn
close to Ur.icn Ironworks: rent ICO- 4 years' i
leare; a first-class rayinc btftiness: o-,\nei I
rnust leave fcr N. Y.'to settle e¥tate; inves-
tirate andjnake ofrer. U. G. WILKE. 2C&
Kearny «t- ¦
nCYERS OF BCSINESS OPPORTUNITIES— I
You can recur* fine businesses In saloons. '
groceries, cigar stores, hotels, delicatessens!
<irujt stores, butcher shops, barber shops, in
fact. If you are looking for any kind of
business, cell. I can supply you. Perfect
title iruaranteed and money loaned. Can i
you expect mere? l*roSt by- callnlg; on me !
befor* buying.
G. TV'. SCIITTEINHArtD.
Ii»)Oins 1-2, 817 Market et.. bet. Cth and Cth.
Phone Mint 1311.
FIRST-CLASS ualoon; elcsant fixtures; must
Bell before February I" owner mu« go north;
trial plven: «>*sy terms; eee this barsain.
Apply to DECKER, IB29 Market Ft. •
TO buy, sell or exchange real estate, store or
business place call on H. C. DECKER, 102*
Market «t- No charge for ad\-erti£lnc.
HOTEL and bar near Union Iron Works; cheap
>fr.t; offer wanted. DECKER. 1020 Market ct.
$37r,— BAKERY and coffee ealoon: fine plac»-
icor>d trade. McLAl'GHLIN. 777>4 Market st.
. J-573— SAIiOON; No. 1 location; fine fixtures;
_ full value. McLAUnilLIX. Tu\i Market sL
S225— CIGAH store: ptwyj Ftock and trfde; bar-
ga-ln. McLACGIILIN. 777V4 Market et.
GF.OCERY' for eale— Good cash business; cheap
rent; reason for Bellies Eickness. Call orl
owner, 12ST Twenty-third s.\e., EaBt Oakland.
T1ESTAUR.ANT and coffee ealoon; dally re-
ceipts about SCO. Call et place, <10 Kearny.
DL'SIXESS CHAXCES — COXTIXUED.
PAnTNHR~wanted In a large, old-estab'.lshed
profitable business, controlling jl good, cafe,
solid and reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former manager owner has <3?clded to Bell
I an interest to an acceptable parts': clutle3
will be tho keerlr^ of accounts and assist-
ing seneraJIy In tho management of tKe Bum-
r.ess capiial required $3000 to $10,000: fuJl
value In ri K i:t; books and busings open for
iTivcEtip.ition. Apply J. W. DONNELLY &
CO.. G*2 SlarUct st.
FOR. sale — Well Improved vegetable garden
with Etotk and all farm'.*:* «mpl«ments on
cary terms. Address box 17fA Call efflce.
$con— RE^TAURANrTbiock so. Market: gcn.T9
IVA mo.: rent 140: S II v. im». gaslle. 3 Lddy.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business OfSce.
FOR rate— Millinery business established »
yearn: fins location; great banraln. For par-
ticulars inquire of MRS. E. E. BANGS.
Stockton. Cal.
AA— ftOO; grand opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room, 22d ave. etatlon, E. Oakland.
FOR sale — A Rood store fitting and carpenter
shop: half Interest or the whole thing; well
established. Bex 1710, Call office.
TO lease— Unfurnished, hotel. SI rooms, good-
paying bar. at San Rafael station. Owner. 11
Lyon st.. San Francisco.
FOR sale— Paint and paper store; established
15 years; eellir.g on account of death. 403
Gcugh St.. near Hayes. •_
CANDY, cigar and stationery store; laundry
offlc: only those measiiiz business apply.
CC3 I'cst st. _______^________
GHOCERT; old established, fine business cor-
ner; at a sacrifice on account of sickness.
Eox 17C6. Call office. . ,
LAUNDRY route In largest and oldest estab-
lished laundry in city; $450. Address box
i:*Z, Call office. -
STATE rights: up to date freezer; Ice cream
In half-minute: J1C00 required. S. SWEE-
NEY. French HospitaU
FOR ?ale cheap— A complete patent brick
plant. Address Ridenhour Brick Co., Hilton,
Sonoma. County, Cal.
WANTED— Oood mining, manufacturing or
timber proposition. Address box 1744. CalL
CANDY and notion store for sale. 1155 How-
ard st. '
AVANTED— A party to run coffee house. Par-
ticulars Coffee John, C13 Clay st.
SSt^CAXDY- ftore; choice location. Call 927
Market, r. 3W. 12 m. to 1 p. m.. and 5 to 5:39.
$39 WINS tZOO per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons, 921 Market, r. 4.
LARGE Inside route on this paper for. sale.
Apply business office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
i.onfiixc.i!oi:sES for sale:.
HOTEL for sale— 143 rooms: clears $530 every
month; price to suit. DECKER, 1020 Market.
2S-ROOM house, clearing $130
per month. Price only $1450
S6-room bouse, near O'Farrell and Powell,
Price only $1800
50-room boarding-house: clears $400 $*>000
100-rooin house; best on earth...;. 9000
16-rocm house, clears $100; price 750
26-room house: clears 1100; Pine st 850
16 rooms; north of Market st 750
60-rccm boarding-house; clears $300 5000
10-rccm Cat; downtown 600
II rooms; on Mission st 500
to rooms; new furniture: 81000 cash 2600
1* rooms: °n Third st «00
45 rooms; fine comer: clears $200 2j00
24 rooms; on Geary St.; clears $150 1SO0
fS rooms: on Kearny ft.; clears $150 1600
£3 rooms; on Market st 1400
12' rooms; clears $75 450
WO others— Prices frtm $100 to $25,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market: phone Mint 796.
WINSTON & WOLF, 1C26 Market *t.
The Leading and Reliable Brokers.
16 rooms; J2'0 cafh, balance $10 month.... $600
IS rooms; central: must sell 700
24 rooms: rent T60; a snap 1003
25 rooms: corner: rent ISO 1200
II rooms; part cash; near Orpheum SOC
30 rooms; cheap rent; part cash 1200
37 rooms: offices: money maker 2100
60 rooiru<: rent $113; north of Market 2700
40 rooms: modern house; elegant 300U
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market ft., near Call bide.. Tel. black 1803
Over 5'jO houses for sale Please call
10 rooms: rent 92Z: income $60 $303
27 rooms; nice: income ,1^0; fine furni-
ture; owner leaving city; reduced from
$2300 to WOO
37 rooms; n. Mkt.: ea.«y terms; respectable. 700
22 rooms: rent J60; must be sold 1000
LODGING-HOUSn buyers, notice! I have larg-
est list of lodplnj;-houses and hotels; can eult
all buyers; title given with each house sold;
money loaned buyers: no rake prices; before
buying call and be convinced.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Rooms 1-2, S17 Market st.; tel. Mint 1911.
60 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent S150. ...... $3000
37 rooms; money-makpr; near Market 19O">
20 room!: Van Ness: finely furn.: extra.. 950
15 rooms; Leavenworth : rent $57 50 9M
10 rooms, $450: 10 rooms, quid: 830
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.
CALL and- Fee our list of bargains In house*:
we have them in any part of the city and at.
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
Sixth tt. '
A SNAP— C rooms, bath: other conveniences:
Fteady roomers; going East; make offer. 413
Larkin st.
tGr.n— 21 ROOMS: fine location, well furnished;
all rented: low rent. BASILIS, 3 Eddy st.
TO buy or cell business chances or lodging-
houses, see ANDREW J*RICK, 30 Kearny Ft.
SPIRITUALISM. ,
MRS~DR. FARNHAM. world -renowned spirit-
ual medium: advice In all affairs of life, law-
; suits, divorces, deaths: unites the separated:
mining a specialty; clrs. Sun., Wed.. Frl. ev'B.
! Come and be convinced. Permanently located,
i &13 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
I MRS. GILLINOH AM— Hours. 0 to 4; meetings
! Tues.. Th>ur., Sun.: devel. Frl. eve. 305 Larkin.
MRS. LESTER— Readings, 50c: circle every eve,
¦ ex. Sat., 10c; devel. circle Wed. eve. 222 Turk.
! MRS.- WEST, wonderful medium and healer:
I readings daily. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, -room 14.
I MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual meMium,
j healer and card reader. 145 Eddy ft.
I C. Mayo-Steers. 112^4 Oak et., trance medium;
I readings $1; hours 1-3 p. m. ; tel. Howard 027.
I EARLE. 305 Taylor n.. corner Ellis— Sittings
daily; seance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
I MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
I life reader, med. clairvoyant, 1164 O'Farrell.
I FRIENDSHIP ~Kall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
! Meyer: Fittings dally; tests to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MM 13. mT'bBRNARIX ~™~~™~~~™.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Business Medium, ¦
j Is permanently located at 17 Third st.. next
1 Examiner building. She reads your life cor-
! rectly. gives on accurate description of the
; past, reveals the prerent happenings and por-
j trays events to occur in the future. If you
I are In .trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
j satisSr-d in life, or hare domestic, love or busl-
i r>"*ss troubles, consult this 'great medium and
! you wfll be told how to overcome them.
: Valuable advice in all affairs of life. I
i Full life reading by mail: write for lnforma-
I lion: 252 up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
i CONSULT the Quaker medium and palmist; she
j will reunite y^u v.-ith your loved one; her ad-
I vice can be relied upon in all business affairs,
j sales f;f property, oil, rsjnea and lawsuits; do
I you want a better position? Call and learn how
I to get it. MR8.E.SANDli:R£,1104 Market., r. 28/
j MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
1 medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
! ket rt.. corner of Golden Gato ave.. rooms 23
and 26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guarante^ by mail; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, bom with double veil — second Right;
j diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
j Rents $*; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 GO. 126 Turk.
] ISM A R. the Egyptian ej'psy. clairvoyant and
j pnlmlFt. permanently located 1143 Market, op.
i Cth; privnt* readings dally. 10 a. in. to 6 p. m.
i MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
I free tests 2T.C up. 472 Stevenson Bt., cor. Sixth.
I MIIS. 13. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant, business me-
j <lium: mining a specialty. 213 Kearny. r. 8-10.
• SIRS. VALUES', palmist, clairvoyant, card
j reader and rnacnetic healer. 215 Leavenworth.
j CLAIRVOYANT, mineral peychometrist. nalm-
• Irt and card reading, 23c. j J241*~ Market st. .
} MMI3, ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
[ JKt and card leader: 25c. 7 Seventh et.
j MRS. nnOWN. 103 Fifth St., room 2— Sclenti-
I flc card reading.
I MME. HANSON, palraietry. card reader: past,
j present, future; 23c. US. Sixth st,, room 14.
I MME. EYrtlLLE— Cradle to grav»; future hus-
} band's picture 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell St.
MRS. .Kelvin, well-known clairvoyant, water
rea/r. IL $th;Ocrman spoken ;tel.Howardl843.
MME. SCIIAFFER. clairvoyant, card render-
I pUUnss dally- 44SVJ Jessie st. "
• MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
I MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
' advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEANING:
WHEN you beeome disgusted with poor ¦ work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 3S3-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at Ec.
STRATTOX'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie S44.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Wfcrks, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails. » warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Ltt\ Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECT-IPX OFFICES.
GEORGE AV. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. -Room 310, 927 Market st.
DEXTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DEXWL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions dene painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
13 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
lice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. AV. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for SO days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20* years; crowns. $3 60; fillings. 50c; plates.
S5. full set; all work painless- and warranted.
Chicago 1-entr.l Parlors, 24 Sixth 8t.
1JIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by :ny
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK." 20 O'Farrcll et.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1143 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from jS per set; extracting, EOc; gas given.
THE- New York Dentists have moved to E69
Mission St.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive pUnless extraction, 50c.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $2; fillings, 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In llurphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., -corner Sixth,
SET of teeth without plates. Eft. H. G.
YOUNG. -1S41 Polk st. ¦ .-
u__ EDUCAT1OXAL.
EVENING SCH^OlT~sTV. BUSINESS~COL^
LEGE. 1226 Market St.; Individual instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil sejvlce coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 122S Market St.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; $S per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a, complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 1E4 positions secured for our students
during the past 5 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrctt bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st!7
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, tyring, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, et<.\: day
and r.lght sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract,
and can therefore -with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkin ft.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeplng-rtgures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MINING school of H. Hlrschinsr, 334 Kearny St..
open; day and eve. classes; chemistry, llxlva-
tion. mineralogy, geology, coal oil formation.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN DER XAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
SUPERIOR violin, zither, guitar, banjo, man-
dolin lessons 50c. W. P. CHAMBERS. 244
Taylor st.
THE Silvan- Guitar Book, by D. Mansfield; Just
out: 125 pretty and easy pieces; at the music
stores.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-
tice. Merkl. reliable teacher, 100S Mission st.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc.Prof.De Fi II ppe's Academy
of languages, 320 Post;estab'd lS71;ablest profs.
MUNSON. School Shorthand, Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mcnt'y, E. M. Carpenter, pr,
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION- night class. 421 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OPKICEsl
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Erap. Office; best
help furn.; domestic servants; work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 37G.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; egt.
1870; practical recommend: try them: removed
to 419 Devlsadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters nnd house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 13r>.
JAPANESE and Chinese I employment office;
best help. 526 O'Farrtll St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of- i
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188. i
A ri C EMPLOYMENT Office : Chinese. Japan-
esp help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM. Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
i nes= help. 428 Powell, nr. Sutter ;tel. Black f.072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment -Office —
. Best help. 411V4 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A NEAT young girl desires situation as nursed
girl or asilft housework; references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A COMPETENT Swedish chambermaid and
seamstress, good ref. ; colored housework girl
trad others await positions. MISS CULLEN,
325. Sutter Et.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes place to
do light housework'; Is a competent house-
keeper. Address 136 Fifth Bt., between How-
ard and Mission.
RESPECTABLE German woman wants a few
more places for washing or house cleaning by
the day. 1344 Howard St., between Eleventh
and Twelfth.
COMPETENT woman, who Is a good cook,
wishes a situation In a private family. Ad-
dress 271 Minna St.
NORTH German girl wishes position to do
cooking and general housework. Inquire 9W^
Howard st. ; no postals. .
GERMAN girl wants 6ituatlon for general
housework and assist in cooking; best refer-
ences. Address 72^V Harrison st.
FINLAND girl wishes place., general house-
work. Call 1205H Stevenson- Bt., " off Brady.
WOMAN* wishes work by the day; good laun-
dress; no postals. | C05 'Minna, near Seventh.
TRUSTWORTHY saving woman, good cook,
wants position as working housekeeper to
gentleman or with one or two children;
across the bay preferred. Address A. W.,
1677 Tenth ave.. Sunset District. San Fran.
GOOD reliable girl wishes a position as sec-
ond girl or care of children: wages $20;
Oakland pref en ed. Address CIS Ellis st,
RELIABLE country girl wants to assist; light
hcusev/ork or mind * children; $10. Ahlborn
House, 321 Grant ave. ; '
AN Eastern lady wishes position as working
housekeeper. Apply 1235 Market st,' between
I Eighth and Ninth, room 2. . ¦ ......
{ YOUNG lady wishes .work .with first-class
dressmaker; cood waist finisher. 1931'- Fif-
I teenth st.
! WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
j ket— ICO rooms; '25c to $1 B0 night, $1 E0 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
I Valencia ft. . ¦ ' ,
j EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.",
i SOBER, reliable man deslre3 a position to take
charge of an elevator; has mechanical knowl-
edge and handy with tools;- last place em-
ployed 4Vfr years. Address box 423, Call office.
CARPENTER, good mechanic, handy man fcr
company or 'manufacturer.*-»25 years'- experi-
ence; good references; wages $3 per day. Box
1761. Call office. , -
THOROUGHLY experienced cook would like
position in private family. or institution; fair
' wages and permanent work. Box 175S, , Call.
'•YOUNG man 19. well educated and living with
j parents, desires a position in wholesale house:
: experienced In- office 'work; -references- and
¦ bond. ' Box 1714. Call office. ' - V . .,
GARDENER. first-cla^B. single, of long experi-
ence In landscape gardening, growing of' flow-'
. ; ers, greenhouse and orchard work, wishes a
situation on a private place. Box ; 1493,* Call.
I GOOD carpenter wants! work,' either by day or
j ¦ tak* Jobn; grood references; give address. A.'
1 X>., ¦¦• Frultvale, Cal. - «
'. EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Position . as bartender: am a ¦ re-
liable man and a good, mixer; have had 20
years' experience. In hotel bar;.am v'IIIiik
to go In the country; can give the best ot
references. Address HERMAN SCHROEDER.
• SC5 , Fourth st. ¦'.-;¦¦ . -; -- .- '
STEADY, reliable young man who understands
care of horses desires position as coacliman
or gardener: understands how to milk, etc.;
city or country; references. Apply THOMAS,
Ahlborn House, 221 Grant ave.:
CARPENTER, good millwright and general
man from East, total abstainer, wishes
Eteady position with manufacturing or other
, corporation; city or out: distance no objec-
tlon. Box 1700. Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS 'German. Gardener; under-
stands care of horses, buggies, cows, vege-
tables, lawn, flowers; In private family; very
useful and willing; references; city or coun-
try. Box 1470. Call office.
BARTENDER, German, gbod mixer, desires
position, city or country; best of references.
Address G. M... 1104 Larkin 8t.
CLERK would like position in rooming or
lodging-house; wages reasonable; have experi-
ence. X..Y..2.. 321 Ellis Bt.
GOQI"> all-round house painter wants steady
work; country preferred; 5 years In one shop.
Box 1407, Call office.
PROSPECTOR wants grub stake ; understand*
pl&cer and quartz. Address room 305, Win-
chester Hotel.
CLASSIFIED advertisements- and subscriptions
received at Catl branch office. 2200 Flllmore rt.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements -uri'l
FUhirriptlons has been established at 1006
Valencia Etrest. = .
' . KEATIIElt I'ltLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
• their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson ¦ St.
FLATS TO LET.
TO LET — New fiats on Buchanan St., between
McAllister and Oolden Gate ave. ; 5 and G
.rooms and bath; all the latest Improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1002
McAllister St. Apply G. II. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st. -- ¦ -"
DOWNTOWN FLAT. ~ ~
Four rooms and bath; modern. and new; por-
celain tub; rent $22 GO. Key room 12S Murphy
building, .: 1236 Market Et.
LEA VEXWORTh7~iH9H— 4 sunny rooms and
bath; hot and cold water; gas.
LOWER flat of 4 rooms, bath and cellar. In-
quire 1J0S Powell st., bet. Broadway and Pa-
olftc; rent »5. ' .
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN flat, 8 rooms, bath; good order. 1123
Howard st., near Seventh.'
NATOMA. 714-Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10; sunny; no children. -
SUNNY, flat of 3 rooms complete for house-
keeping. Apply 725 Fulton st.
2 FINE new flats for rent; J14 and $16. 120?.
1211 Sanchez st.
$7 — FLAT, 3 rooms, yard.' on Linden ave.;
water free. Key at 524 Fell ,gt.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISH3D.
FURNISHED flat to let; 4 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. 113 Thirteenth st.
NEWLY furnished flat for rent or sale. 430
Eddy st.
FCHXITURE AVANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W. E. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larklmtel.Polk 69 »:
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
HELP WANTED — bKAALIS;
MRS. M. E. DAY &~C^7Trrrrr.I'hono~Main"l57S
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
18 waitresses, first-class hotels. Southern Cal-
ifornia, $20; 4 waitresses,. Salt Lake City,
. Utah, $20: 8 waitresses, commercial hotels.
$20 and *22 50; 4 waitresses, city. $20; lunch
and dinner waitress, $20; 4 chambermaids to
wait, $20; woman cook, $30, no dishwashing.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrl. 2 In family, $30, see party here 10
a. m., Monday, fare paid; working house-
keeper, $23, see lady here 10:30, Monday;
cooks and houseglrl. $15 to $25; second girl,
J20; nurseglrl. $13. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
335 Geary gt. ¦
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phono Grant 135
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
50 waitresses and chambermaids for city.
Northern and Southern California and Ari-
zona. $20 to $30, free fare and fare advanced;
fancy irontr and marker and distributor, $40,
hotel, country; laundress, institution, city,
.'. . . .'.'.'.'.'.' ' FAMILY ' DEPARTMENT .'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.
Cooks, houseglrls, second girls, city and
country, good wages
C. It. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary St.
TWO nursegirls, $20 and $25. C. R. HANSEN
_& CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD waitress, country hotel, free fare; wait-
ress, country restaurant, $25 and room; 6 wait-
resses, convenient country hotels, $20 and
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
THREE waitresses for Salt Lake City, Utah.
$20. transportation ! here. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st. "
HOUSEWORK. Irvlngton, $15, small family;
housework, Newcastle. $20. see lady here:
cook. Modesto. J25; waitress. Red Bluff. $20; |
waitress, Salisalltn, $15: 10 chambermaids to i
wait. 1 meal. $20; 20 housework girls. cl*y
nnd country. $15 to $25: 4 second >^0 I
each. MISS 325 Sut^- Su i
TWO nurseglrls, $25 each; nurseglrl. Oakland,
$25; laundress, $25; 10 second girls, $25 and
$20: C cooks. $30 and $33; 50 houseglrls. $23
and $30; ranch cook, ¦ $23. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter Et.
PRACTICAL Millinery School; established 12
yrs. ; trade taught: class now forming; terms j
easy; references given. 1107- Van. Ness ave.
FIRST-CLASS French or German cook ; oti*
having been In Jewish family preferred; city
references required. Call Sunday morning, or
Monday, from 2 to 8 p. m.. 2129 Jackson st.
YOTJNG lady of good appearance as model
fhead and shoulders) by photographer. Box
17-.9, Call office. v
WANTED— A girl for cooking and general
housework: 4 in family; wages $25. Apply
3740 Twenty-fifth St.. corner of Fair Oaks.
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 1170
Market st:, room SO.
60 EXPERIENCED operators on ladies*. silk
waists. S. F. MFQ. CO., 409 A Turk st.
$23— WANTED, young girl for .cooking and
general housework. 1613. Bush St.
NEAT girl to assist in housework; wages $10.
. Inquire 1231 Folsom st.vv -:
WANTED— Good housekeeper; weges ?30 to $35.
f.15 Sacramento st.
GIRL for light housework; $10; good home. 429
Jersey st., near Castro and Twenty-iflfth.
OOOD waitress. 1213.Folaom. >t. ;
GIRL or woman for housework; plain cook-
Ing, . 9 Glen Park ave., off 12th. near Mission.
GIRL for "general housework. 100 McAllister
Etreet. "
APPRENTICES wanted on fine custom coats.
305A Mason. - t . V *
GIRL for ~»neral housework: no cooking. Call
between 9 and 11.-.2G43 Bryant st. ;
AN experienced waitress wanted; {7. 44S Third
street. ¦ •
WANTED— First-class hairdressers; good sal-
ary. Call bet.l and 4 p. m. 234. .O'Farrell. .."¦
•SEWING machine operators .wanted at Levl
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory, 32<4 Fremont
«it. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
OPERATORS on electric^ power: sewing ma-
chines on shirts and overalls at GREENE-
¦ - BAUM, VEIL & MICHAEL'S, 631 Mission.
LADY who ltnoW3 something of Japanese art:
salary. Call between 2 and 4, room 5, 5 Mar-
ket st. :'>¦
GIRL .wanted general housework; no cooking;
no dishwashing; $20. 1362 Post st.«
OPERATORS and riveters on\overalls. HEY-
NEMANN & CO., 410 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. BELASCO
& HARRIS. CO.. 541 Market st. (upstairs.).
VESTMAKER who can take charge of factory;
state last place and how long employed. Box
.1740, iCnli:.; , ¦ ¦ : .-, . -
WANTED— Mlddle-a<ted t woman assist, with
housework; : no • children : -. good • home; - Scan-
dinavian or German preferred, ; 149 Rubs st.
WANTED— A; refined,' middle-aged ', woman for
responsible , position; must be capable, .with-
out ; lncumbrancea. _- Box 1747. Call office.
WOMAN : solicitor? to -represent a rellablees-
tabllshed business In : the city, . Oakland arid
Alameda. Box 1701, • Call * of flee. ¦ ;
WANTED— Girl - for light housework. 827
.'¦;:: Hayes.- 6t.'" ::•-,.;-.,. •- • •.•->-.-.';: . ..- ;.. . • ...
CHRISTIAN girl for general housework. Ap-
',.-- ply .* 2718. Folsotn;.«t.V,-"-. ¦---.:¦'.!;•-¦-.-•-- : : ,. J
EXPERIENCED button-hole ;¦ operators < : on-
•hirts. - BRENNER-ULMAN CO., 13 Battery.
HELP V/A\TED— FEMALE. •
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
learning.- BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 641
Market st. ' ¦ "
FIRST-CLASS, operators on pants and vests.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
(upstairs). .
OPERATORS on ladies" underwear to work
In. factory. 722 Market st.. room So.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
lecelved at Call Branch office. ZXO Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1026
Valencia st ,• • ¦
HELP WASTED MALE.
X^mTjRRAY & REAlSYT!7rrrr^Pholiie~Main"6848
...Leading Employment and Labor Asents...
WANT. 7 A. M, MONDAY
Experienced foreman for a eolar salt plant,
good wages
sticker hand r planing mill $3 day
3 groom for gentleman's stables... $30 and found
laborer, ranch. Contra Costa Co
choreman and make little butter.... $23 and fd
choreman, private residence $23 and found
3 laborers, city Jl 75 day
2 buggy washers and stablemen, city; farmer
and wife, see bcfs here; 4 plow teamsters: or-
chard pruners; 2 orchard hands; dairymen,
butter-makers and milkers
WOODCHOFPERS AND TIEMAKERS, tools,
provisions and cabins furnished.
4 waiters; city and cduntry hotels, $25 and $30;
3 cooks $30, $33 and $49
dishwashers s $15 and $20
MURRAY & READY. 634-63C Clay St.
AT C, R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1S3
25 teamsters, laborers, railroad work
Free fare Free faro
Foreman, solar salt plant $3 a day
Handy man about ranch, ride horseback, look
nfter cattle and horses. $25 and found
Milkers, farmers and others; men and wives.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN fe CO Phone Grant 1S3
..., HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Marker and distributor, $40; presser, $33 to
$-10; starch lroner, $35, for first-class hotel
. laundry, country: waiter for spring3, $22 50.
fare advanced; German waiter, country ho-
tel. $30: baker and pastry cook, hotel. $60.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— AVANTED— Cook and wash his own dishes,
country boarding htfuse. $10; waiters, $23 and
$30; buttermaker, $30: milkers, $23; orchard
hand, $10; farmers. $20 and $2S; 6 woodchoa-
pers, Jl DO a cord; 6 sawmill laborers. $26 and
board; molder's helper. $2 50 a day; 'tin-
smith. $3 a day. and others. W. D. EWER
6 CO.. 610 Clay st. ¦ ]
A-—WAXTED— Young man for' tin shop, $S to
$12 a week, according to experience. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union meets to-
nlKht at 32 O'Farrt-U- St.. 8:30 sharp. X.
LESS, Secretary.
JOURNEYMAN* Barbers' International Union—
Free employment; only recognized union. 113
Turk: tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS. Secretary.
WANTED— Partner in good paying manufac-
turlng business; Investments guaranteed;
wholesale, retail; $2000 working capital re-
quired. Further particulars 247 Fifth St.,
cigar store.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker for the country; sal-
ary or piece work. J. EAUMGARTEX" & CO..
7 Montgomery st.
BARBERS!— A good paylnsr 2-chair shop at a
sacrifice. Inquire at DECKELMAN BROS.,
100 Ellis 'St. •
WANTED — A common, steady laborer; tend
two horses and wagon, cleaning In store: no
driving; married German pref: Box 1763, Call.
BARBERS— 13c 2-chair shop for sale in coun-
try; doinsr fine business; living rooms. In-
qulre DECKELMAN' BROS.. 1C6 Ellis Ft.
AVANTED— 1 wagon blacksmith at 172 Harrl-
son St., City Street Improvement Company.
YOUNG capable machine hand. Furniture fac-
tory, 2071 Seventeenth St.. near Folsom.
WANTED— A few good rustlers; good opening
for right party. 1137 Folsom st.
WANTED— 100 men to tak* rooms, 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston Houee. 930 Howard st. i
WANTED— A sober rnan in kitchen: $15 ser
month and found; call early. 195 Tenth st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 422 Sixth St.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. ¦
BARBERS— Shon for sale with three living
rooms. 1612VJ Folsom st., near Twelfth.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. EC2 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than o feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet I
1 inch In hfight; ablo to read, write and |
spoak Engll.«h. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 43 Ellis
st., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Office boy (colored), over IS years;
grammar school graduate; neat and active.
Addrees. with references and full particulars.
to box 1312. Call office. j
BRIGHT boy. 15 to 17 years, to clean about!
jewelry store and run errands; must work j
¦ evenings until 9: wages $3 per week. Address i
box 1223. Call office. * . j
MEN .OR WOMEN .-
..Paid TAg Commissions.
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY, 21 Spear st.
MEN wanted totlearn barber trade; only eight j
weeks required; position guaranteed; speclnl j
Inducements; catalogue free. MOLER'S |
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— laborers and mechanics to know i
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still j
, runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large i
rooms; 2Sc per night: $1 to $2 per week.
BRIGHT .men of good address; money ad-
vanced to right party.' Call between 8 and
9 a. m. at 202 Tost st.
i FOR SALE— Barber shop, complete, with flx-
j turcs; saerlfl.ee; $50. : G01 Castro, cor. 18th. j
j BOY about 17 years old for a wholesale house. I
Address F. G.. box 1749, Call office. I
YOUXO man to solicit for merchant tailor;
wag.es or commission. 1213 Market st.
BOY to learn grocery business; $3 per week
to commence. Pox 1707. Call office.
PANTS* and vest maker for country. Apply
REISS BROS. CO.. 24 Sutter St.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tuition
at S. F. Barber school. 7-flA Howard Et.
j PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm, S06 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
SAILORS, ordinary teamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2G Steuart.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; freo I
'bus and baggage to. and from ferry. ¦ j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109C '
Valencia st. . , I
CLASSIFIED ndverttsements and fubscriptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmore.
HKMORIUIOin?.
ANY case of Piles. Piles, Pile*. Plles-"o'ver~200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
thT particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES AND '.WAGONS.
40 HORSES ; for rale; also wagons. bu<gie«.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
¦Ill Sixth st,: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN £ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
. M. L. Panccast, see., r.10 Golden Gate ave.
$50— {TOP buggy, plafl'o box, nearly new; bar-
gain. 632 Market, room 6. •¦
2 FRESH Durham' cows; rich milk: 18 -to 20
.quarts dally; gentle. S3 Shotwell st.' ,
THREE fast . road / horses; also some good
business horses.- at "21 . Howard st.
A— 100 SETS i cond-hand harness; wagons,
cartp, bujtcles,- surreys, horses. .1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon. 'for gale- cheap. S32Ml?slon.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Haases to lei; send for ctr-
rul»r. a. H. UMBSEN Jt CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY corner^ 6 rooms and bath, ¦ yard, etc •
rent reasonable. Corner Twenty-sixth st. and
fan ' Tw?B , "ve.. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
FILBERT," 1223 — Good house 7 • rooms, bstli
garden; rent $17. . :
. HOUSE. 4 rooms,' large lot and chicken house
' ' 4112 Sixteenth Bt., near Ashbury; : rent $7. .
HOJJSE of .8- rooms: : 2 lots:-, large basement-
rent ; $14. Key corner Eighth and Alabama!
HOWARD/ 1105—Upper part' house 5 sunny
; _'-. rooms. : bath, yard. Key at . barber , shop. -
$10—4 SUNNY rooms. 515 Thirteenth St., near
¦Market....' '¦ ,:: ,' :. ',_-•, , ¦ ...; , . . -.
! ;¦.;; Housiss to let— fuuxished; i
• WI1«L rent all or a portion of a : sunny, ' well-
furnished house of 10 rooms: gas and a coal
range; ; telephone; yard; stable. 614 - ; Capp st.
• ELEGANTLY i furnished 7-room. sunny - flat -
- adults only; -rent /reasonable; open from 2 to
4/ - 1SQ9 McAllister sU. ..:.,-,-¦- . . ,.-.- ' u "V*- l °
; iHOUSfcJ CLEAXlNG.y ; - -
i- JAPANESE . House Cleaning \ Co.. - estab ' VOQ-
removed to 419 Dcvisadcro st.j tel. Fell 138.-
_ LOST AXD FOUND.
•LOST— Patent leather belt, gun ' metal case
- watch, pearl buckle fob. all- attached; value
as keepsake. Reward at room 3, second floor.
Mills building. "¦¦
LOFT— Chamol3 bag containing 2 diamond
rings and a small -pair of diamond screw?
earrings and a stamp pictftre. Finder please
return to Rev. MRS. M.'. S. LEVY. 13J3
Post st., and receive $100 reward.
¦ LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Secle-ty of San Francijco In the
name of BARTLETT S. S1ORRISSKY. No.
204-631. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Masonic emblem pin *et with five dia-
monds. Finder return to SEROT. WOLF.
Southern Police Station, nnd receive reward.
NUGGET stick pin with diamond center; liberal
reward. IL B. LINDE. 2 Golden Gate ave.
Wanted— Old goldl for manufacturing. O. No;t=-.
jeweler. S4S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD pold, silver, diamonds and precioua swnea
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market sL.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. IC0O Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
ruhjcrlptions has been established at 103C
Valencia nt. ' '
JIATTHESSES A>O 1*11 .I J^^^VS.
MA^mElsSETATT^PlTL^^
made to order, renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed: fine up-
holstery; expert carpet-cleaning and .laying.
HriPKE TinOS.. Tin nn-1 ?.?n Kiev-nth st.
JIATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: estab. 1«S7: reliable & con-
fiaentlal: Hats. 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis ft.
.MEDICAL.
X>R and airs. DA VIES. 122S Market, tbe well-
known ladies' specialists; 32 years' practice:
perfectly reliable; a positive cure guaranteed
at of flee; patients treated can return same
day: those wishing to treat themselves should
per.d for the HINDOO HERB HOMf?TRBAT-
MEXT. a sure cure: gix-es Instant relief: harm-
less; any one can use It; stamp for circular.
DR. G/W. O'DONNELL. moved to MIS Market,
orp. 5th: world-renowned ladles' specialist:
rafe; reliable: practiced In San Francisco for
years: treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 937 Market St.. cor. Sixth—
Fafe and reliable ladies' physician; treatment
JS"; positive cure guaranteed: when others fail
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007Vi Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice In 9. F. , a
cur* guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
MRS. DR. WYETII. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office. ?5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
fult free. 9<2 Post at., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLKN, 1035 Market— Ladies' spe-
cialist; »afo and sure cure. $5; best enre; low
fees: when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER. MRS. DR. LA TOUR, lad!?.."
epec!allsti*; new process: iiure cure: no med.-
cine;every woman her own physician. 323Kearnv
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' " specialist; home
fnr ratler.tx. -in* K<My «t.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
MINER returning to Alaska desires partial
grub stake for one year; references. Address
box 1712. Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
1NTOSH & WOLPMAK. 195-137 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand ; wo always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
tv© can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NpONAX. 1017, 1019, 1021, 1333 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalgoue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for $3 down and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
st. ; rentalB, new machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys;
etc. WHITELAW, 21C Spear St.
FOR sale— 1 Iron planer, almost new, size 32x22
¦ Inches by SVi feet long. 525 Brannan St., near
Fourth.
A — 20-TOX Howe wapon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 21S California st.
GAS engine, 1 horsepower, $73; see at work.
Shirt Btore. E35 Valencia st. •*
MALE and female canary birlsi also Harzer-
I Rollers, at LOHMANN'S. 3163 Sixteenth »t.
$3— SINGER Fevrlng machine In good order. 1371
| Market St.. near Twelfth.
ONE lathe Dow pump, pulleys and shaflio*
at a bargain. €34 Mission *t.
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery St., sell
J . at low figures all make3 2d-hand typewriters.
j FIRST-CLAPS second-hand modern engines and
j boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
j 2D-HAND steam, gas. oil. vater ard air ma-
j chlnery bought and sold. White, G16 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2<l-hand. J. Eurke, 133 Eeale.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and xpaglo lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
i SAFES— New and second-hand. VTHE~JIElC
; MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
j MAGIC lanterns, new. and Id-hand moving
I , pictures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post St.
I SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1C9-111 Market st.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS AVANTsI
A— KLEIN pays best price for clothinsr. bric-a-
brac, old gold. 109 Sixth St.; phone Jessie 141.
WANTED— 2nd-hnnd naphtha launch; 2 or 4 H*.
I P. A. J. Gustavpson, Berlin bldg., Tacoma.
LADIES' and gents' enst-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 3S-: Folsom; tel. Folsom 11 91.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan nt rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
rot borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 3C6 Market st.
AA — BEST rates and easiest terras.
Second Mortgages.
Interest In Estates \
Undivided Interests in Real Estate...:..
Financial problems of all sorts and .sizes
reived by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
I ANY proposition, any amount: 8 per cent; first,
recond mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
I mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor,
| Chronirle building. HALLO RAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate :_mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; jfet ray terms before doing business else-
¦where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. SIC Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch ID Third st.
A— J5C0.CCO ON city and country real estate and
eralal j. BROWXSTO.NE. "ll Montgomery stl
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
. party; r.o removal; no commission; conSden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bids.. 391 Jones.
MOST reliable place tn borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HE3THAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money '
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 63.'
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$1CO.OCO TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansome. rra.1
pX.OAXS.lst or 2d mtg-«: city, country: 6%: undl-
¦ vlded lnta. : estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan.
THE TOUSLEV CO.. S21 Parrott building.
MOXEY to lean on furniture by private Darty;
low rate. S17 Market »t. room I.
CASH loaned to ralarled people on note wuncut
Indorser. MORRELL. C05 Examiner building.
TO salaried . people without 'collateral or In-
d.orser. S.F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL IXSTKUJIEXTS.
ANY person having use for a piano cp.n be ac-
commodated at Sherman.' Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their, crade, from Steinway down. Priv-
I tltKC niven. to exchange medium aad low-
priced .pianos for a new Steinway' any time
within three years from date of : purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $3 cash and
Cfi per. month. We offer to sell seme good
pianos for ?3,-J4 and S3 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.; Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., Han Francisco;
ccrner Broadway and Thirteenth St., Oak-
. land. ' ;
THE- public have appreciated our very generous
•cutl in prices by patronizing us liberally dur-
ing the great gale we have Just been having;
ro many sales have been started- but .not yet
completed- that wo are going to contbsue'the
"cut" -for a few. days, in order that no one
¦ may feel disappointed who la Inclined to take
advantage of It; remember. that all our pianos
Decker & Son, Packard, Baumeister. Straube. 1
Arlington, etc.. etc.. are included In the sale,
MAUVA13 MUSIC CO.. 768 Market st.
ON sale — Steinway upright.- ?1S8. 217 Ceary
: st., room 38, ' • - , , .
AL IXSTRCJIEXTS^
AT asents" coat closed out "Walla TValla ae'ey.
3 Eteinwaya «25. J136. »32»
1 Hallet & Davis $490
2 Cr>lckeri.i£3 $163. J2S5
1 Novella $65
1 Heine | $^..2
3 Kaynes CO rrthera) ....$Z3i
We handle all makes; .agents for some old-
est anrl most famous pianos In existence.
Our new rent contract, rent or buy. H. $'. W.
Privilege to return or exchange at any time.
Hallett & Davis pianos*; exclusive. oldest.
most famous. HEINE PIAXO CO.. 217 Geary.
AKSOLUTKLT the~olde*t and largest ho«w
west of Chicaso is KOHLKR & CHASE'S 2C.
2$ and 30 O'Farrell st.; rianos. organs and
a!l ether musical Instruments of all srradea
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest- every-
thing po33ib!e done to please and satisfy the
customer.
5 ORGANS, from J23 to JO).
3 second-hand plr.noa. from ST? to $1*3.
4 new uprishts from Sl.W to J1D5.
Guaranteed; ea?y payments. BENJAMIN
CUKTAZ & SON, J6-13-2O O'Farrell »£;
Chlckering agency. ¦
FOR sale far below >4 Its cost, leaving the city
richly carved jrrand upright piano; standard
make; excellent tune; as good aa new and
warranted. 1149 Howard st.
A FINE stock of new and second-hand pianos;
s>p«?clal'basirMns this w»ek: a beautiful up-
right, J125. DEWING CO.. 12 Flood building.
FINE 3-pedal upright piano; standard make;
sacrifice: leaving city. 32-1 Golden Gate ave.
HIGH-GRADE planns: Steck. Hardman. Con-
cver and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 311 Pout.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Illb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand uprfjrhi cheap: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORXUXG, 216 McAllister St.
A CLEARING out sale of pianos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
BYRON* MAUZY. agency Sohaier & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Speilman Pianos. SOS Post.
SPECIAL SALE— Immense reductions; see our
leader, only $150. RRUENN. 208 Poit Bt.
"3- PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain; owner
leaving city. -^13 Mission st.
AT KEEFFE'3, 933 Market st., i elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shoninger agency.
BEST rent stock in city; new pianos J3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SKPFRIOR violin?, zithers, old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
CORNER store— West corner Fourth'anirrperry
ets.; occupied as grocery and bar for past
/SO years; rent $20: water free. Apply to O.
H. I'MBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
BEST location In city for milliner or ladles'
tailor; rent ?V). Apply 13 Eddy st.
Oil*.
10 CENTS per share, any pan of 80CO shares
of stock In oil company with 100-baxrel well;
2."c per share for any part of 20,000 shares In
oil company paying regular dividends of 3
per cent per month. Call or writ* C. I*.
MOOKE. 935 Market St.. room 8.-
ZZ<*> SHARES of Occidental Oil Company ot
We?t Virginia fcr sale; cheap. Inquira 433
Thirty-eighth St.. Oakland. Cal.
AX-Y part of 5000 acres of oil land, near Oil
City, for sale at $1 ?5 per acre. Address or
Ete G., 1413 Call building. San Francisco.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
2500 ACRES oil land; $3 to $30% per acre. W."
C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood building.
OIL L.V.\DS FOR -SALE.
KERN* River; proven territory; line of R. R.
Newton. Carmen & Somes, r. 1M. Chronicle.
PAI.NTEItS AND DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered, 13
up. Jensen & Bath. 30S Sixth: open evenings.
PAI.MISTRY.
EL JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tef. Black ML
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: n^ charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL, Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
GOOD home with bright future open for llttls
girl from 1 to S years old; also strong,
healthy brunette boy baby. MRS. Dlt.
n'XKE, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
FINE pults, $10: dress pants. J2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery •*-;
open evenjnga until 8 o'clock.
WEAK men made Btrong at once or no charge;
no drugs, no electricity. Address box 1711.
Call office.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 337 Jessie st.
FRED MANN, magnetic therapeutist. 8« Mc-
Allister—Head trouble, weak eyes, falling
sight, ear complaints cured; without medicine.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third Ft., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 30 per night: $1 £0 to $S per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and, from the ferry.
A— $3 M DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 2S0 Kearny st.. near fine.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 15. EASTERN OUTFIT-UNO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 13
years* experience. J. B. RAT, 357 Jessie st.
WHY guess? You are certain of style and fit by
using Standard Patterns: February style*
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 1021 Markst st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Suttsr st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wtgj;
eountry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
ALFUEDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1: at all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
VTl. C C. O' DON NELL— Office and residency
1WH4 Market st.. between Sixth and 9eT-»nth.
PROPERTY* WASTED.
"WILL- pay spot cash for Park or Panhandle
property: give full description of what you
have. Box 1763, Call office. •
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
657 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE KEARNT.
|21Q0-^REDUC£D FROM J230O. :;."„..
Four Hats; rents J30: all rented.
succo.
Four Cats; rents 5 IS: downtown, nr. Fourtl*.
$GOC0.
Three choice Cats: near Post and Taylor sts.j
pay* 10 per cent; 27 fttt front: offer wasted.
• J5CC0— HYDE-ST. CORNER.
12-rcom. house; lot -10x90 feet.
J11.C00. -•- • :.;
gutter st.. near Taylor; very cheap.
J7.-.C0.
Flats; brand n<^: east of Van ICess av».j
rents JTC; all reateu.
I14.CC0.
Grand 14-room residence on Jackson it.
JU.OCO-REDUCED FKOM $13,500.
Business property: same tenants for years;
Btore ana rooming house.
iis.cco.
Grand corner; Leaver. worth «.; 60 feet front:
all rentetl for 1123; mortgage J30CO can remain
at 6 per cent.
ST3.MO— REDUCF.D FROM JS2.0OO.
Choice corner lot. /5-toct front; within half •>
block of Market st.; with old 'Improvements;
rents abcut JluO;*the only corner that can b*
bought vicinity of Stxtn st.
Rents J100; three new flats; choice locality.
JM.OCO.
Corner, 60- foot front; vicinity Sutter St., east
of Hyde; grand hotel.- ofilce or rooming-house
site; rents $107.
$30,CC0.
1C7:6xO feet.: northwest corner Clay and
Gough sts.; cheapest and choicest resldeaca
corner to be had; gratia pancramanlo view;
easily worth tl<>.000.
$iS.CCO INVESTED.
Grar.d comer; brand new building; guaran-
teed lease pays $o(K> a month net.
I15.CC0— VICINITY SECOND. ST.
Corner 83x102 .feet, with Improvements; rent-
Ing for $1Z<> per month.
This distrtct Is booming.
J14.0C0— NEAR* SECOND AND MISSION.
Lot 45x70 feet;' rents. nominal; * sure snap.
$20,000.
Sutter-st. corner: 87:6x37:6; elegant Improve-
ments; rents $1SOO per annum.
EB.OCO— REDUCED FROM J33.0CO.
Ccrner Mission and Fourteenth sts. ; let 170x
160 feet: three- trontasis; offer wanted; must
sell
A. M. SPECK & CO..
;_>. : ;.. €57 Markst st.. opposite Kearny.
Correspondence solicited.
$1500— WILL bo sold very cheap, as owner
must have money; 2 lota on Eighth a»«.,
near J St., close to the park; street graded,
macadamized and sewered; will be sold at a
sacrifice. -Ig&U&iMffinB"!
$rr."V— 3 lot? near J st. and Thirty-second
ave. ; can be bousht cheap ; $253 cash, balance
easy terms; nice modern cottage home at a
low price. McEWEN BROS., US Montgomery.
j350ft_FLATS that rent for Jt3 per month: cost
f.vno; payments to suit; on electric car line.
DECKER. 1020 Market st.
2 LOTS, 23311 1 each, it Ocean View; ready to
build on; price $120 each. DECKER. 132) Mkt.
$23.000 — GOOD business property: rents I1509'
per year; steady. Address Owner, box lTSS.
Call offlct.• • "ARRIVED. ''¦".':¦'.!'¦' .' •
.,: . •> • 8unday,- February S.
Ger stmr Eva, Peterson, 7 days from Port
land, bound for Yokohama; put. In In distress.
' V* MEMORANDUM. ..„.".' '. '.
Per Or stmr; Eva— Sprung a leak In JJoJ'4
hold, about ISO miles -WNWof Columbia River:
leaking at the rate of ; 7 or 8 Inches an hour.'
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENSE.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
Pacific slope. Rain has fallen generally over
California and Southern Arizona, and snow
over Nevada. Utah and Northern Arizona. .
. The pressure han risen west of the Rocky
Mountains. An area of high pressure over
lies the British possessions and Upper Mis
souri Valley, while an area of low- pressure
remains off the Oregon coast. ¦
The changes In temperature have been slight
In all districts. . •.
Conditions' are favorable for showery weather
In California Monday. ; • .
Forecast ' made' at . San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight February 4:
Northern California— Showers Monday; fresh
southerly wind.
Southern California— Showers Monday; fresh
southerly wind. . - :•
Nevadn — Occasional snow Monday.
.Utah— Snow Monday. ¦
Arizona— Rain In south j portion, snow In
north portion Monday.
„ San Francisco and vicinity — Showers Monday;*
fresh "southerly wind. . ; ' '
1 O. H. WILlSON; LocrI Forecast Official.
FORECAST
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
49; minimum, 41; mean, 45.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
25? W of Baker. W 47:8% -by S 1^:6. W A S97;
J25S7.;"- '¦ ¦' 0 ' ¦-:¦ ¦¦¦¦- '¦ " ':¦:*"- r.
Excavation, grading, concrete, cement, brick,
carpenter mill and metal work, terra cotta.'
Klass- (/xcept art bIbsp), hardware^ plastering
except start embellishments Inside and out for
frame residence on lot on NE corner of Belve
dere'and Frederick. streets: $4875. • '
Jean. Bodecarrats ( owner) with Charles M.
Llodsay (contractor), architect .Jules dodart —
AH work except painting. and plumbing. for »
two-story frame building with hrlck founda
tions knd basement and" In rear a frame stable
buiMln? on lot on E line of Devtsadero street.
112:6 S of Ellis, S 23 E 127:6, N 23. W 127:«;
$4100. . ¦ ' ' - .¦ '.••" ¦"¦¦
. Frank- Fagothey (owner) with William Korst
rneyer & Co. (contractor),., archjtwt ,^Henry
Oellfuss— All work except painting for. a.'two
story frame building with rough. basement and
brick foundation on lot on S line of Oak street.
Ha'rtland Law .(owner) to A. J. McXlcoll'&
Co. (contractors), architect Albert Sutton-One
TreiBht- elevator, 6ne 'side rlevatcx ; and two
coal-hole covers, for a six-story and basement
brick bulldlner on lot on W corner of MlRslori
and Annie streets. NW 120. SW 32:5»,i, NE 1,
SW 23:6V*.. NE 119, BE 66: WJ>\
Julia' F. Hulme (owner) with Sebastian -B.'
Krefn (contractor), architect Alex F. Oakey—
' Builders' Contracts.
Henry E. Bothin ' (owner) with F. H. Masow
architect H. H. Meyers—Carpen
ter work, roofing, painting, mill and -stair
work.' glass,- glazing tinning and: galvanized
Iron work for a two-story and baaement brick
building on lot commencing, at a* point .57:u
S of Howard street, thence 8 along' Second
60 by B SS'; S3S4S. • t.» ••-'-" - .
James M. Putrlck (owner) .with Theodore S.
Hotn (contractor), architect Fred. H. Meyer-
All work for a four-flat frame building on
lot on S line of Sacramento street, 37:6 W of
Spruce. W 27:8. S 132 :7»i. E- 27:6, N.I37:7H:
$30(J. - •
Thomas F. Kennedy to Louis Cerles. lot on
NE line of Twentieth avenue South, 75 SE of
L. street. SE. 73 by NE 1(K>. block 387. South San
Francisco HomeEtead and Railroad Associa
tion.; S5C0.
Louis Cries to Germain Cerles, lot on NE
line of Twrntleth avenne, South. 75 SB of L.
street. SE 25 by NE 100 block 387. same: $500
• Christian Hoffman to Maclean Hospital and
Sanitarium (corporation), lot on SW corner of
Ca*elll avenue and Douglass street. W 206:8 by
B 22S; also .excepting lot on X line of Xlne
teenth street. 151:4/W of Douglass; W 51:4 by
N 114: also lot on N'llne of Seward street. 123. R
W of Douelass, N S3.70, S 55.85, E
SO.*OC, quitclaim deed; \2.
¦ Morton "\A*. Howard to Ada I. McMahan
(wife of Mabry). lot on E line of Thirty
eighth avenue, 150 S of T street, S 50 by E
120: also lot on E line of Thirty-eighth avenue,
300 S of T street. S 50 by E 120; also lot on N
lln« of U street, '57:6 \V of Thirty-seventh ave
nue, W 60 by N 100; $300.
• Samuel Peiser to' Bertha Solomon (wife of
Isidore E.). lot on E line "of Forty-sixth ave
nue. JjO S of S street. S 25 by E 120; gift.
Lout.°a ii. Babcock to Charles W. Haufe, lot
oh N line of McAllister street, 137:6 W. of Web
ster. W 25 by N 137:6; J40C0.
Elizabeth G. Baldwin to Rebecca Mar*, lot
on N line of Union street, 97:6 B of Broderick.
E 27:6 by N 137.6: J20CO.
Henry S. and Elizabeth Til ford to Elizabeth
Buttner. lot on S line of Union street, 213:10
W of Baker. W 27 by S 150; $3500.
illusion Lodge Masonic Hall Association (cor
poration) to Ellis Lr^-ls, lot on NE corner of
Fourteenth and Guerrero streets, E 6S:6 by N
98: jetCO.
Margaret C. and Henry L. Dowd, Thomns J.,
Elizabeth A., William J. and Mary T. O'Con
nell <by H. C. Klevesahl, commissioner^ to
Adolph C. Weber, lot on SW line of Fifth
street. 00 SE of Folsom. SE 25 by SW 75; J4C00.-
Annie A. and James .E, Pharo. Mary V. and
Harold T. Power and- Mary McSweeney to John
A. Whelan. lot on NE line of Eighth street. 220
EE of Howard. SE 27:6 by NE 137:6: *4J0O.
Richard and Elizabeth Pengelly to William J.
Gunn, lot on \V line of Eleventh avenue. 1£8 N
of .Clement street, X £.0 by W 120: $1500.
Thomas Reynolds to Joseph Sullivan, lot on
N line of A street, 53:4 E of Eighth avenue,
N 1C0 by B 26:8; $1500.
Jacob Hcyman Company (a . corporation) to
Laura J. Robinson, lot on SE corner of I street
and " Forty-seventh avenue, -S 100 by E 32:6;
$ioc«.
Laura J. Robinson to Nellie A. and Rozelvin
B. Hanfiyi same; flOOO.
Alfred H. Pay to Margaret T. Day, lot on
jCE line of Brazil nvenue, 23 BE of London
street. SE 25 by NE 100. block 13. Excelsior
Homestead; ?2M. ' - . -. ¦ ¦ " •;'.
Margaret T. Day to Catherine Welch, came;
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Weather Report.
(12Cth Merlrtlan-racific Tim*.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 3-5 p. m
The following fire the seasonal rainfalls to
£atf,' as compared With- those of same date
last fasun and rainfall in the last .twenty
four hours: ' '¦
Contributes an; . Article in a " London
.. .Paper in Support of the -
• .; Measure. ; • ¦¦ ... : -,
LONDON. Feb. 4.— The Daily News: this
morning publishes a column article by C.
H. Cramp of Philadelphia In favor of the
ship subsidy bill. While he does not be
lieve the billa i perfect- measure, he says
it will give the' United. States a chance to
secure an 'honest share of' the. ocean cttr
rylng trade. .'. • ¦ ¦' \ . ' .
CRAMP FAVOSSTHE
SHIP SUBSIDY BILL
Complaint Accuses the . Army Sur
geon of Non-Support and .
Dfsertipn.
ALBUQUERQUE. N. M.. Feb. 3.— Mrs.
R. B. Benham has instituted divorce pro
ceedings against her husband, Dr. R..b!
Benham, a retired United States Army
surgeon and physician. Mrs. Benham al
leges " norr-support and desertion, ' but
should the doctor fight the divorce it is
said she will attempt to prove Infidelity.
Since leaving this city about a year ago
the doctor has resided In Los Angeles a.ud
Walla= Walla, Wash. Dr. Menharri Is wide
ly known In army circles, and served dur
ing the. Indian campaigns In the South
west. ¦ '
-:. •- . ,-.'' . ¦ ¦: — " - ? ¦
WIFE OF DR. BENHAM
SUES FOR A DIVORCE
castle last night on a bench warrant is
sued upon an indictment returfted by the
Grand Jury Just adjourned r here .will, it
is said, be. followed, by. other arrests of
persons against whom indictments charg
ing complicity in the Goebel murder, were
returned, but not made public because
the parties were not In custody. It is
claimed here that the Ripley arrest is one
of the most Important yet- made. Jle.is
a distant relative of the Breckenrldges.
Statement Made That Further Sensa
tional Developments Will
• • Occur.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 3.— The arrest
of Captain Garnett D. Rlpley at New-
MORE ARRESTS IS THE
GOEBEL MUBDER CASE
Employes of Pleasant Valley Com
: pany Do Not Support the
Labor Union.
CASTLE GATE, Utah, Feb. 3.— The em
ployes of the Pleasant Valley Coal Com
pany, numbering 400. held a mass-meeting
here to-day apd by resolution, adopted
unanimously, denounced-the Salt Lake la
bor union boycott of the coal company;
and declared that they have not nor do
they now mine coal to the detriment of
coal miners in the State of Utah or else
where. They denounced the action of the
mlners'now on strike at Scofleld in refus
ing to grant the company three days' time
for the consideration of the grievances of
the men.: It. Is believed that this action
will terminate thestrike at Scofleld.
DENOUNCE STRIKE OF
THE SCOFIELD MINERS
DEMANDS PROTECTION
FOR ALASKA'S GAME
Juneau Crrand Jury "Reads -the Riot
" Act" to the Officials at Wash
ington.
TACOMA. Feb. 3.— William M. Eblerof
Juneau .was foreman of . a Grand Jury
which has just made a sensational report
to. Judge Brown at Juneau on the sub
ject of the preservation of Alaska's fish
and game. The jury report states that,
though the Fish Commissioner of Alaska
had specific knowledge of flagrant viola
tions ot the fishing laws, as shpwji by his
official reports, he made no effort, to bring
these violations before «the Grand Jury.
The report continues that the Fish Com
missioner and his assistants live as far
away a6 San Diego and Washington City
and spend only a short time each sum
mer In Alaska. The Jury expresses its
bellef-that they have made their position
a sort of summer's outing Job instead of
endeavoring 1 to protect on« of the chief
sources of profit and sustenance of the
people of Alaska. The Secretary of the
Treasury is petitioned to relieve the in
cumbents and appoint resident commis
sioners. • ¦-'-' ¦
The jury's report states that for hick
of, enforcement the game laWs relating to
Alaska are a dead letter. Thousands of
deer are killed yearly with the sole. <Jb-
Ject of selling their hides at 40 cents
<-ach, while their carcasses are left for
wild beasts. On one occasion the car
casses of 600 deer were thrown into the
bay at Port Wrangel at one time, the
greater nortlon of them being does and
fawns. Stringent game laws are recom
mended, together with means of enforce
ment.
• The jury recommends the building of
comfortable jails at Wrangel, Juneau
and Douglass City and the erection of an
insane "asylum, that insane persons need
not In future be confined in dirty Jails.
PAI>ACE HOTEL.
E Zimmerman, Clnn iA i. Hanley, Seattle'
J U Morrison. ChicagolM Ahraham, Chicago
S E Parker. Stanford B Marx. NY
M J Connell. Seattle E L Whltmore. Butte
Captain J H Manvllle AV Proctor, NY . '
& " w. • N Y . S S Coffin. N Y '
Mrs Schultz. NY . C Bretherton, London"
Mrs Stlllman, Redland G W Corbln. Conn
E E Davis, Boston 8 8 Babiock, Detroit
Mrs KelloftB. Chicago 8 F Pryon. St Louis
E T Ryder. Boston E Petit. N Y
W B Honey man & w, M Merle, N Y
Portland W P Hammond, Cal
T A Ingenroll, NY D J Bonsfield. Cal
A H Kayton. NY C E .Potter, t, Ang
W Gosslln, Portland G D Eaton, L Ana: '
J F Dearth, BakersHd H W Smith. L Ang
J \V Bassett. Omaha L N Loomls, NY
H E Whlteomb, Mass J.-A Brent, Cal
\V Mackenzie. Portlnd A G Dunn, Seattle
A WKlttleman & vr> B Enault. Tahiti
Taeoma • A Lieger, Tahiti
J N Bell. Texas S Memsberg, N Y
O Grlswold. Chicago |O A Warburg, London
W B Hoyt.- R I G P Moore, Omaha
W C Sargont. MIltrkclDr Buffen, Chicago .
E D Baker, N Y ,G L Paine, Boston
W D Wood. Seattle J TV Griffin. Minn
E G Snonock. Seattle 'A Nelson. Dawson
• : GRAND HOTEL.
F L Nordyke. S Mateo R F Qulnn. Cal V •
G H Anderson, S Jose J P Lynch & w.- Mo
G Gamberanla & w, C G Williams. • Maas
Cal Dr N Green. Watson v
F A Ke«!Ch. Denver H D Smith & w. LA
J E Sullivan. Cal- Rev. Polndexter. L A
R Wilson. Stanford R W Brown, Colfax
.1 Trash, Cal E W Witmer. Placfrv
J W Erwln, Cal R J Thomas, Nev
C E Thomas. Berkeley O G Locke ft w. Sac
O P Dildock. Stanford J L- Grant. Wash. DC
T M Palmer. Stanford M Goldsmith. Stockton
II P Sweet. Ixjs Anf; J W Oaten. S Rosa
J Goldman. Merced T B Marshall, L Ang
G H Thompson. Cal H C McClue. Cal
C E Gray. 'Chicago S B McClure. Cal
A J Waallace. L Ans F Fall. Santa Crus
J ¦ H Dots. Cincinnati L. Thorne. Wabash
A.J Bellot. Visalla J E Bower. Stanford
P O'Brien. Srwkane S P Brown. Seattle
C H Burns. NY W 3 de Jarnett. Cal
H Rider. NY J R Weeks. Los Ang
J Frankel, NY' Dr L E Cross. Stktn
W- R Langenour & w, B L Hardy. Los Ang
Woodland ' M Reyman & w, Cal
F A Blake. China Miss GIHoy. Or
S HaWrldgf. Fresno Miss Morr!s. Or
M Bleiin, Vacavllle «C A H Warfleld, Cal
HOTEIi ARRIVALS,
As to all the talk about killing whites, he
said it was never their intention and they
expected only to treat and act with their
own people, and In so doing expected fin
ally to get all whites out. He also said
that the "Great Spirit" would see that
they got justice, even though th'eir white
fathers in Washington and the oil syndi
cates were tryine to rob them of their
once happy hunting grounds.,
When placed Irr prison here, Harjo and
his followers were searched; fumigated,
their shackles removed, and a.i placed' In
one large cell. A newspaper correspond
ent, with the assistance of am interpreter,
had an interview with Crazy Snake, who
said that he saw no reason for arrest and
felt confident when the Indians were given
a trial before, the great white father's
courts that they would be released. He
said they were acting in pood faith and
had papers from Washington that gave
them the right to establish their old gov
ernment.. . _"-• -
-^SKOGEE, I. T.. Feb.- 3.— Chitto Har-
J6, or Crazy Snake, the leader of the war
ring Creek Indians, and seventeen of the
minor leaders of that tribe v have been
landed in the Federal Jail here where they
wlll be held pending trial for treason. The
Indians were brought here from Henrietta
under escort of Troop A, Eighth Cavalry,
and ' United States Marshal Bennett and
his posse". .-.-.#- .
It is stated that certain attorneys, who
it is asserted here, misled the Indians,
may be- prosecuted. . Marshal Bennett
states that while most of the Indians are
in hiding, some are still trying to £old
meetings, .a posse will be "sent to-mblrow
to arrest Chief Lotah Mekko, the real
Chief of the Creeks.
Certain Attorneys Who, It Is Alleged,
Misled the Braves, May Be
.. -.-... . . _ prosecuted, by the Gov-"
eminent.
Greek Chief Declares Tribe's
Land .Was Being
Stolen. .
INDIANS BLAME
OIL SYNDICATE
I\'EW YORK, Feb. 3.— Evelyn Baldwin!
the Arctic explorer who next summer. }s
to head the Baldwln-SSiegler expedition* to
the North. Pole, returned to-day on the
steamship New York. Mr. . Baldwin has
been abroad" since December 1, securing
vessel^ and equipment.. He said:
I shall .remain here - for 'several -weeks and
then I expect. to go abroad again. As to many
of the details of the expedition I cannot' ppeak
at present. I have succeeded in purchasing the
EEQiilmaux. the largest whaling vessel 1 could
find. She Is admirably fitted for our work,
hvanigf been built for 'just such work., I. have
renamed her the America. .-..-..
The • America is barkentlne-rlgged, with her
machinery. aft, bo that the stem can have play
In the Ice. In addition to this her. screw Is in
a well, so- that -it can be Ilfed. when the ice
Interferes. - •
In addition to ¦ this vessel I have chartered
the Frltjof, which was used 'lasi year by the
Swedish expedition. The Frit jo J will accom
pany the America with ' supplies and equip
ment. She will Jeave Tromsoe. Norway. June
25, with a party of scientists and sportsmen.
She will sro to Franz Josef land, returning to
the same port in September 1:
The America Is ¦ two and a half • feet 'thick
and is built of greet hort. fl. hard' tropical
wood. I have my own plan f»r reaching the
pole and I. am confident of success. I never
.had a talk with Captain Joseph C. Hernler.
the explorer, who, according to a cable dis
patch, said that he had warned, me that my
plan would result In failure. I shall go over
the FVanr Josef route, probably starting early
In June. Wo shall proceed north. We have
not limited the time to one .year. •
' I cannot tell the personnel of the expedftlon,
but while- many of the crew will not .be
Americans most of those comprising my party
will be from this c<Suntry. • . ¦ ¦
As to the report 'that he had cornered
tho Arctic dog market, Mr. Baldwin said:
I got all the sled dogs I need, and that Is all
there Is to that story.. If the price of dogs went
UP I cannot tyelD that.
Mr. Baldwin eald that the America was
now at Dundee, Scotland. While on the
other side ho. purchased' tents., furs , an:]
other equipment. He said that while on
the vessel the men would eat good whole
some food, but that while pushing North
they would have to subsist on condensed
food. He looked over the market -with
a view of supplying the larder. He ex
j nects, however, to twiy almost all of his
j lood supply in this country.
Says That He Has Secured an Admir
able Equipment and Feels Con
fident That He Will - Be - •
Successful. ~
Explorer Baldwin Speaks of
, His Plans Concerning
the Expedition.
PREPARING TO
SAIL POLEWARD
TELE SAN-f FRANCISCO ; CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 19O1.
9
' I Last I This I Last
STATIONS. 124 Houre Season. Season.
Eureka .......'. <U0 30.88 34.93
Red Bluff <fAi 15.17 15.23
Sacramento ......... Trace 11. 88 13. til
San Francisco ..... "0.09 13.40 14.E5
Fresno 0.01' 7.60 6.15
Independence 0.(10 4.53 2iC9
San Luis Oblspo.... 0.12 SI. 62 12.50
Los Angeles 0.02 9.8S 4.57
San IMegro 0.32 4.S6 S.62
' I Last I This I Last
STATIONS. 124 Houre Season. Season.
Eureka .......'. <U0 30.88 34.93
Red Bluff <fAi 15.17 15.23
Sacramento ......... Trace 11. 88 13. til
San Francisco ..... "0.09 13.40 14.E5
Fresno 0.01' 7.60 6.15
Independence 0.(10 4.53 2iC9
San Luis Oblspo.... 0.12 SI. 62 12.50
Los Angeles 0.02 9.8S 4.57
San IMegro 0.32 4.S6 S.62
< OCEA35T TEAVEL..
AflUaaii?4> C C sf*A HAM". 'SAMOA, NEW
SS. AUSTRALIA, .fir Tahiti... '......„;. ¦
,.......' Friday, February 8, 4 p. m.
SS. VENT CR A.. for Honolulu. Samoa, New
« Zealand ond Australia .-
...; Wednesday. February .13. at 9 p. m.
S3. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only) : ' .
...,T.. ...Saturday. February 13, 2 p. m,
I D. SPRECREIS k BUDS. CO., Genera! Aoents. 32? Harkei St
?en'l Passengtr QfSa, 643 Ihrht St.. Piar Ho. 7. Pacifc St
k'fl^Mntl'INFffi^a"®
MJOlnU J Lllitl S O i? .. .«J5J To;;
- Monthly calling for Valparaiso and Hamburg
via Mexican ports. Central, south America, etc.
FFSOSTRIS SAILS ABOUT February R. 1901.
J. D.SPRECKCLS & BROS. CO., General Agsab. 32? Market St
Gen'l Passanosr Office, 643 Market St.. Hap Ho. 7. Pacific; St
AMERICAN LINE;
HIW^TOKK. SOUTnAMPTOS. L0NS01T. PAB11 .
Stopping at Cherbounr. westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday,' 10 ju m.
Kensington /....Feb. 1!| Vaderland ....March .«
St. iloula..: Feb. 20 St. Louis... ....March 13
New York....... Febi 27lN«w York.. ...March 20
, RED STAR .LINE.
Naw York and Antwarn. "XzM
From New T6rk Every Wednesday, ill i hoon.
Kensington .....Feb. 1«| Southwark ..".March <
Noordland. ;.;.;.F«b. 20 "VVesternland ..March IS
Frlesland ...... ;Feb. 27lKenslnston .Y.March 20'
INTERN A.TI0NAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.-
• •> .-.¦.' V,' • VCHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coajt.
. ' , JO Montgomery, street. -
COMPAGNIE GENERAL? '.; TRANSATLANTIQUE. .
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
balling every Thursday. .Instead of 4g5lTSi
Saturday, at 10 a.' m.. (rom Pier 42. ~^Mf^ws
North River, foot of Morton street.. First clan
to Havre, }S5 and upward. / Second class ¦ to
Havre, »45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR : UNITED STATES AND C-ANADA. .«
Broadway -(Hudson building); New York. 3.
F. - PUQAZI & CO.'. : Pacific Coast ' Agents. 5
Montcomery avenue. San v Francisco.' Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket' Agents.
ROOMS ATO BOARD. >^ K
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex S07 California st, may
be found a most exceptionally good tahle, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
ELEOANTLT & newly furnished sunny apart-
rnents with or 'without board; cuisine unex-
celled. -1103H Broadway, cor. 12th «t.. Oak-
land. top floor; MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
ROOMS with board, bath, jrs*. JW $20; private
. frmlly; gentlemen only. 110% McAllister.
ROOMS and beard; prices reasonable. 41S
First rt. . ;
CHEAPEST an.1 best In America— The Tt>ekly
Call, i« pages, sent to any address .in the
t7nlted Ptates or Canada one year for $1.
SPnCIAI^ AOTICES./
THE Russian charter of this city can be Amer-
icanized by direct legislative amendments.
dlscussM by John A. Miller. M. D., before
the Social Democracy TO-MORROW EVEN-
INa at 117 Turk ft- ¦ '
BAD tenants ejected for $4; Collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery st. rooms 9-10: tel. C58Q.
SEWING MACHINES AM) SITPP1.IES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambcck, 1315 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALX, kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 203 4th.
EOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rate*. 145 tth: phone Mint 5.
_*T£>5j*<^I2 A3tn ; \VAKEHOl'SES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movlng~Co~*
office. Post ana Powell sts.; tel. Main B71S.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, E40 Mis-
sion Ft. : tel. Mint 1S21. F. W. ZEH7USS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 721 Mission st7
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
TELEPHOXES.
TELEPnONESn-ousrcr^rTvatrilnes^ $4 50 7
tct: electrical work Installed. 153S Pt. Ix)bos.
I TVI-EWItlTERS^ASD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN^YPE^RTfE'ns^Ve
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main I6S.
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
NOTICE of stockholders' meetln^lA ""special
meeting of the stockholders of the Honolulu
Sugar Company is called for ana will be
held at the office of the company. No. J"7
Market st. Fan Francisco, Cal.'. on MON-
DAY. February IS. 1901. at 11:30 o'clock a.
m., for the purpose of considering a prepo-
sition to dlrsolve the.' corporation and to con-
sider such other business as may come be-
fore th» meeting. By crder of th« President.
E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary Honolulu Supar Company.
Dated San Francisco, February 2, 1901.
DIVIDEND Notice.— California Wine Asso-
elation.— Dividend No. IS of sixty cents per
chare has been declared, and is payable on
and after Monday. February 11, 1S01, at the
Union Trust Company of ' San Francisco,
f tock books wilt close on Tuesday, February
6. WC1, at 8 o'clock p. m., up to which date
transfers of stock may be made at the Union
Trust Company. By order of the Board of
Directors.
f m HENRT VAN BERGEN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 26. of Seventy-
flve Cents (75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal ptock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company. «0
CaJlfon.la st,, Sjyi Francisco, on February
11. 19fll. Transfer' books close February 4.
1901. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 24 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at th*
ofllce of tho company, 327 Market St., on and
p.fter Monday. February 11. 1S01. Transfer
books ' c1ok« en Monday. February 4, 1901,
at 3 o'clock. . E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
• PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage. Depot
Quartermaster's office. 36 New Montgomery.
St.. San Francisco. Cal.. February 2. 1901. —
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. m..
Friday. February S, 1S01. Pacific standard
time, and then openM. for furnishing . Nan-
keen Drawers, Nankeen Shlrtx, Carbonized
Paper, Crystallized Napthaline and Flax
Tvrine.. Preference wlil be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality helr.g equal <ln-
cludlngr in the price of foreign production
end manufacture the duty thereon), and such
preference will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production and manufacture produced
on the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the
consurnptlcn required by the public service
there. The United States reserves the right
to accept or reject r.ny or all proposals or
any part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on applica-
¦ tion. Envelopes containing proposals will be
Indorsed "Proposals No. S35," and addressed
to Major OSCAR F. LONG. Quartermaster.
U. S. Vols., Depot Quartermaster.
.PROPOSALS for coal— Office of General Su-
perintendent Army Transport Service. San
' Francisco, Cal.. February 1. 1901 : Sealed pro-
posals In. triplicate for furnishing and de-
llveriiir on Loard army transports at San
Francisco, California, thirty thousand tons,
more or less, average steam coal, will be re-
ceived at ttis office until 1J m.. February 15.
19C1. and then opened. Information furnished ;
: on attlication. Envelopes containing propo-
sals should be Indorsed. "ProDoeals for
Coal," and addressed to OSCAR F. LONG,
General Sur>erlntejident.
BIRTHS— MARRIMES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlsxe and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
30BN.
DESPRES— In Chlcaco, 111., to the wife of
I&4ac Despres, a son.
FAIRCHILD-^In this city. January 28. 1901. to
the wife of F. M. Falrchlld. a son. .
BARRETT— KOOPMAN-In Oakland, Febru-
ary 2. 1901, by Justice J. Larue. Maurice
Barrett and Norah Koopman (nee Canty),
both of Ean Francisco. ¦»&-:¦•*
DIED. *
Busch. Martin Xj. Noonan. Jeremiah,
rvvige. Luther C. . Openshaw, Joseph E.
Duffy. Edward B. Raggett, Richard
Eattman, Bessie P. Schweitzer, Louis
Fry. Col. J. D. Silleman '(Infant)
Granuccl, Margaret Sullivan, Patrick
Levy. Sarah • Sweeney, William B.
- Lewi*. Charles D. ." Tracy, alargaret
McAullfTe, Anne White, Martin ,
McCarthy, Jeremiah Wilson, James'H.
McQulnn. Frank P. Wise. Charles O.
Magune. Arthur N. Wolfe. Mrs. B. U.
Miller, Johanna R.
BUSCH-In this city. February 2. 1901. Martin
L.. beloved husband of Mary Busch, , and
father of George E. Busch. ilns. . M. E.
Sweeny. Mrs. E. C. Nutz. Mrs. II. W. Thum-
ler. Mri. W. C. Gates, Mrs. J. P. Page. Mrs.
William Chappel. Mrs. Augusta Leglise ani
John L. and Nellie Busch. a .native of Ude-
valla, Sweden, aged GS years 4 months and !
ti days. ' . . - •
. C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
DODGE— In San Rafael, February 3, 1301,
Luthtr C. Dodge, father of George M. Dodge
of San Rafael,- and brother .of Henry L.
Dodpe of this city, aged 79 years.
E^Notlce oX funeral hereafter.
DUFFY— In this city. February 2, 1901, • Ed-
ward B., beloved son of the late B. C- and
Mary E. Duffy, and brother of AHce Duffy
ar.d Mrs. George Becker, a native of Boston.
Mass.. ag»d 33 years. •
O-The funeral wrlll take place this day
(Monday), ' at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment rrlvat*. - . ' .
EASTMAN— In Waupaca, WIs.. January 80.
l£01. Bessie Parish Kastman, widow of the
late Charles II. - Eastman, a native of Ran-
dolph. Vt.. aged 63 years.
jpr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited t<-> attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Albert. A. Urown, 468 Thirteenth street.
Oakland. Interment private.
FRY— In this city, Februavy 3, 1301. at his res-
idence 1?12 Jackson street, at 11:15 o'clock
a. m.; Colonel J. D. Fry. a. native of Ken-
"cyruneral nctlce later.
GRANUCCI— In this city, February 3. 1301.
Margaret Granuccl. beloved daughter of Sal-
vatcrre and' Candclarla Granuccl. and sister
¦ - O f Frank. Adolfo. Delia and Carlotta Ora-
n'ucci • a native ol San Francisco. • aged 2
jeers 7 months and 29 days.
r^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funerjj to-morrow
at 1 o'clock., from her late resi-
dence. J21S Stockton street. ' Inttrment Laurel
- Hill Cemetery. ,.¦¦%:: ¦ . ¦ . ;
LEVY— In this dtr. February 3. 1901. Saran,
dearly beloved wife cf« Julius Levy, and be-
loved mother :of Mrs. Carrie. Ross. Mm.
Esther Bchwartz and Henry I>evy ot Albany.
U. y., a native of Fosen. Prussia, axed .76
years.
LEWIP-In this <lty. February 2. M01, Charles
Delonr, beloved husband of Emma Lewis,
and father of Orphad. Charles, Gladys, James
~ HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flahnayan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL "P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
M Fifth et.. oppoEite Lincoln ScboeL.
• Telephone South $0.- . , - .
|me/i\/o v : <& co..
FL-NEHAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
12» Market et.. between 8th and Mb.
. Telephone South- 247. - ;
REiX ESTATE CITY FOn SA'.a
1 — — — ¦ : L *__
NORTH cf the Park and close In I to offering
tcme d the choicest building lota In Rich-
mond at such lew prices that the buyers can
we a fine rrof.t. It Is a safe proposition that
if the banks will lend the greater portion of
the purcfa»se money that the lots are ex-
f*edirsglr cheap. t»*ii located ar.d not «ab-
. ject to ar.y more expenses for street work or
Trading. Get In «ml maka some money.
Tou can r»V in Installments as. ¦well. Keep
to real estate. It h the sale^t and rure»t.
«3et your home. 3e sure tn see these lota.
W. J. GUXN. EJO California ct., between
Mftitcomery and Kearay.
IF you hare property north of the Park and
you wish to sell <sulolcly. then call on W. J.
Ol'N'X. EM California et.
JS'O^-TEHAMA K.. near Third; lot Sx75: 14-
roTO house; rents J30; barcaln. DONNELLY
. CO.. <32 Market st.
I^CCSE aad lot; rrlre 5X0; Point Richmond?
«¦ town, end ct Fenta F> road; rentu for
?'ft a rr.or.th. Adflrcw GEO. W. I,ISTON.
KEAL ESTATE COCNTItV For Sale
WRITr: J. Vr. BO&K, tU Main. Petaluma. for
fre«» cor>y of Ronoma Oa. real rrtate harRaius.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.VMCDA BEAL 1->TATH.
OFFEK 'Wantea fcr a cho!c« C-room cottage In
f.n« orflrr; larpt« lot; terms. IS300; new house,
f rooms: terms. J. H. TOVNG, Builder.
1243 Park et.
SfCO— TO clew aa estate; fins bullSlng corner
lot, 4CX1C0; bet. railroads; 2 blocks Hl»h
School; street work complete; bargain. Se«
cwner. A. G. BURNS. 15C1 Park et.. Alaraeda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BER.ICEL.EV REAL ESTATE.
CC- th« love'.r Daley Scenic Park— Only 2
blocks from university jrroundf; two-story
house of S romns: Just finished ; fine, corner
lot; only $1500. JOB. .T. MASON. Real Ks-
tate. adjoining P. O.. Berkeley.
»4f*< — VERY desirable, lot near Berkeley 6ta-
tioa: 4SxlSS. Andrew Wicks. M.artlnez.' Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— Fine "-room n<ruse; all modern Im-
pnrvsnfBts; larce orchard: corner. on
electric car line; convenient to local trains;
inquire en premises. £27 Firty-elchth. St., cor-
rer Fhe'-vjck ave.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURXITCRE FOR SALE.
Ay .:.:ro<luctlon to you from H. Schellhaap. the
'.-. — '.-".re dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
y.l.ZAf-. 4T9— Puncy furnished rooms for house-
f"7'.r.iz anl ethers; bath. Kas. telephone.
ElXlf. £21— Nicely furnished tulte of 3 rooms,
lv- j*^ekeepir.g. til 50; also one room, S10.
OOL.DEN GATE ave.. 70S— Nice, stinny house
kM-;inr rooms; bath, ea* stoves; reasonable. ,
LANGTOX. 2T>€Vr— 3 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; private.
LaHKIN, 706 — Sunny furnished front rocm and
kitchen: rent J1S.
LEAVEXWORTH. 405, nrar ETUlft-Housekeep-
tns rocras; J10 per month.
MCALLISTER, roOO, cor. Central are.— 3 sunny
room* furnished complete for housekeeping, tS.
i!INNA, IS — Sunny furnished front housekeeping
rooms, tingle and doable, cheapest In city.
MISSION, ltns— Furnished housekeeping rooms
complete; no children.
MISSION. 1275— Floor apartments of 3 or 6 -fur-
nished room*; housekeeping.
NINTH, 113 — Two Eunny housekeeping rooms;
r-r.iiing water ar.d bath: reasonable.
NOE, 133. north Market— 2 sunny bay-window
roorr.s; modern Sat; gas rtove, grate; $14.
OAK. U>-3 sunny room* furnished for heavy
housekeeping, JU: also single room. 19.
.OFARRELU, »»— 4 unfurnished roorr.s, $M;
bath; 8ur.ny; adults; also furnished rooms.
POI.K. "22— Desirable sunny unfurnished house-
keeping room?.
POST. ?il— Sunny su!te of rc-cm«; every ccn- J
venierce for housekeeping; private family.
K>V.*ELIa US— S unfurnished rooms for houEe-
v~»-^ir.e: r.o children. Call between 1 and 3.
V'.XTH. ::c— Sunr.y rccms Xcr llsht housekeep-
"Ti ~~<— I?ntlre flocr (or housekeeping;
elegantly furr-lshed; aiso other rooms.
BD. '~:^-3 unfurnished rooms for hcuse-
-; r.?: use of bath end wathtubs.
CLA.S5IFED advertisements ar.d tnibscrlptlons
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A ERANCH office for Call advertisements and I
ruhtcript'.ons has been established at 109S
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Lnfum.
AKI.BORN HOTEL, X21 Grant ave.— Best dollar I
a <iay family hotel in city; polite attendance: j
large rooms; modern conveniences; rooms 30c '
cp: firet-clcvs tseals 2ac; free coach. ;
A— HOTEL. Rohinson. 1&4SA Market: new rcan- ',
afr«ment: furnlshod rooms, en pulte or single; :
*ults fcr housekeeping: ver>* reasonable !
pricft; elevator Bervlce; transient
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Room* 23c
to II p«x night; Jl 25 to $5 per week, and light '
housekeeping; cpen all night. j
ALTON. *S4 McAllister— Large eunny well fur- !
nlshed front suite; suitable for 3 or 4 adults, j
BfnNETT. 1*26 Market (old No. 12M)— Fur-
nisbed rrns., suites, Elngle;. also unfurnished.
Bt'FH, ZZ) (The Elk)-Changed hands; nicely
furn. *anr.y rms.. tingle, en suite, newly xeno-
vated ; all conven. Mr*. K. M. Ramsey, prop.
BUSH, 7rT— Nlc-eiy furnished front rocm; sult-
aWe for i)h>*lcian; ether rooms.
EDDY, 6^7— Larjre bay-window front room; also
small front and *ide rooms. ¦ .
KDDT. 42i— Nicely furnished rooms, also one
partly furnished, cheap; running water.
FIFTH. S3 — One housekeeping room, $*; also
; • •- • 14 and f .
222* FILBEItT Ft., good house cf 7 rooms, bath;
yafd; garden; rent \Yi.
FOl.'riTJI. 14»— New furr.lKhed sur.r.y rooms,
frcrn ZZ cp to S12 p*r month.
GEAP.Y.<05 <The Navarre>— Elegantly furnished
rms; eultes or ringle; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, C22— Elegant Funny furnished parlor
floor; rultaWe ¦for phyxldan; ether rooms.
CEARY. 964— Funny front suite and other
rooms, furnlyhed. +-•• ¦ ¦..;]
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast -corner Seventh
and Mtsrloa et»- — Suncjr roozn«. en culte or
tinge; ladlfs' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GROVE. MS'.i-i-Xice eunny suite of rooms; also
slnsle room. . . ¦
KOV.-ARI>. SXZ. bet. <th and Eth— Newly fur- ,
riThed rooms; rulte*. single and housekeeping.
110WARD. «a. near Flfth-Xewljr rumlshed
wway rrn*. ; gas grate; $fi up; prlv. family. ¦
LAR PALMAH, l$» Market ft.— Fulte of 2 or 3
rms; private; bath; sin. rtns; board optional.
UcAlXlSTEH*. 1C2S— Runny small front room:
furnifhed or unfurnished: use parlor; piano.
j:r:w Arlington, icis. u&ricet st_— Nicely
furr.iyhrd rooms. S2 a week up; 25c a day up. !
SfGWLT renovatfd; nicely furnished; quiet
bouse; rooms from J2 to tl week. 21 Grant av.
SEft'LT faraUhcd rooms, double or slnsle;
very rea*orjtr»l<». C3JHH Kte\enscn st.
O'F'ARRELL. :c— Sunny furnishes, rooms and
efflce*: elevator: «Ie<-. lights: day. wk.. mo.
PARTIEi? ha%-ln|r furnlfhed or unfurnished
rooms, apartraerrUi. flats, houses or buslnesti
rroperty for rent, r.Jease list irlth us; we
have the -most perfect facilities In the city
for securing high grade and desirable ten-
ant*. ELDER Rental Information Bureau,
t2 K>aray **.. first
KCTAX; Hoo!=e. 126 Ellis— Incandescent llirht:
reaCiri»r-room, rrnnkJnp-roem ai>1 laflles" par-
lor; rtorr.s p*t ultrht. 25c to tl &0: week. « to
t\; r..r,r.:h. $^ to S30; elevator on cronnd floor;.
rcrrrs with hot and cold. water; bath's. J
JtOFno>rt,E • Houm! Ho-221 K1H« St.— Rooms,
right. Sic tn tl; week, $1 SS to U: open night.
rHERMAN' A^rtrnentTnouse. 2S . Eighth st..
resr Market— Furnished or . unfurnished.
TAYLOR, {ilk. near Jackson— Three nlce>y fur-
r.!»h«vi runny roonrn and bath, with good view
"f the bay; 10 trjInsUes* iraik. from business
«**r.ur; to rrntlrmcn only; ref. required.
Tt'RIT. TT5— EunnT front room. tS.
VAX NHHS. IttK-rClcrly furnlsncd back parlor;
on ccrr.cr. .. ¦
Ti'ILUAM. :?. oSf O'Farrell. near Jcnes— Xice,
furnished front room; gas; bath. -'
A EKAJCCH office for Call advertisements ana
eTibserlrtlons ha» been established at 1098
Valencia et ' ' * "
SATXWAY TRAVEL.
S 2
8 !
• A S
• . ¦ ©
IComiortable!
1 Cross |
§ Crossing the continent on the ©
• - Santa F; great train, the •
9 . • ©
• . •
9 •
| California I
I Limited if
'• ; ¦ *;^l#.
O - •
Koi'»Kn.<i ncinc caxnn.
(rAciric *TsTtM.)
Tralaa !•»¦«* «»•»'• nre an* t» nrrlt • at
MAM riMMCINCU,
(Main Lino. Foot of l!a?ket Street.)
ixktm — From Jasuary 1, UC1. — auiti
TiSOABerJda, Bubao. Elmlra, VasafUIa,
Bomaey and &%cr»moneo 7>43r
?:3Ua DaTio. Woodlaad. K nighu Lauding.
• M»rTsfii;e. orotlll-. 7>I.1p
f:30t Atlantic Kxpreas— Ogden and Eaat 12:13r
g:Ou a Martinez, Sau Uatiiou, V jliujo. 5»p*.
' - CiHstcKiaiKlHiutn Rosa «tl3p
8:OOA2filea, Lirenaore. Trtcy. Lathropw
-Stockton ..: "ZilSr
¦:3OA Sbuu torrw-D&iU, WUUama (for
; Barllett SprirgsX WlUowa. Red
¦ ' Bluff. Portiand. 7tt3r
¦ iSUA Ban Jose. I.if ermore, Htockt:m. ¦%
Iniia, Hacranleuto. Plaei-rTille.
M*rj»»n'«. Culeo. K(Ht UIuiT 4il»p
HiIOa Oakdale, Cblnets, Honor*. Carters.. . 4il.lp
0:OO* rUywarda. Nilrl aud Wa} BUtlont. 1 1 1 1»*
ttiUWA Los -Ancelcs Eijires* — M»rtiii««,
Tr*oy. Lathrop. .s:ockton. Meroed
Fresno and Lo* Aagnles TtlSr
Ot:i«* T»l]rj«. Maxtliia »ntl W»y SUtloni Bi4"»r
1 0:0 ii a The O?cxl»inl Limited— Ojdeu. Deu-
»«r. Ou»ha. Chicago «:4SF
I liOO* Nil>-s. Stocktou. iiacr*m«utn. M«n-
d.jtm. Frrsao. Hanford. VUtll*,
rorterwlUe....^. ¦-•• *tl3t
I 1 iOOa LlTermore, fianesr. Goihen J>xno-
tion. UikersfleM I.o# Angeles
fl»O»p Sit'orani«nu> l!l»ef Sto*nim« t»:«O4
3:O«r H»jw»rvl». Nile* and W»f Bt»tl<.m. a:4.-»»
«!««p Marline*. San lUmon. Vallejo.
N:nvi. U«1!«t<«». tUnta I-** "¦' **
4iOVp Rfnicla. Wintera, 8«eramento,
WomtlKll'l. K»Vl>ti l.»uJl.lK.
BUryHviilr. Oru.lll. In:***
4»a»p n«yw»rd«. r:«l*« »i><t H»n .Ice 1*'*'2 A
3:O»r Nliei. Ii»eKnoro. Srotkna Lodl ... lOil.l*
«5:OUP Bun»et llantted. El Paso. b*w
Orleans and K^*t «1«i13a
S:OOpTI>« Owl Uuiltod— Tracy. Ki«iuo.
n*Vers3ol.l. hauir'i for Sunta liar- ¦
b»ra, I«» Aniclea 1»«I3»
StOOrNew O:l-aar Expresi— i:»kenn«Ui,
SkiiIh Cnrlitr*. l.i.a Ans^lt*. »eu>*
lutf. Kl r»». 2iew OtIwui* aud
Kut. ....• W»»
ffrfliir HtrnuiK :ii!« »n<l Stu Joia 7>4<l«-
t«:OOr Vullejo ••*¦ I***-"**
tfiOUrOriaQUl Mall-Oga«a. Chejennfc ¦
Omaha, Chicago lailSp
• :O«P Oriental Mail— Ogden. Deafer.
Oman*, Chlcuro. 4<19p
7:OOr Orcguit aud California K«i>tc««.h»o-
mmentiv M»rjnnllle, l:«<l.llit|r,
roitlim-l. r>i(et S. rnn.l ami Kaak S|13*
MiaSpgan PiWo. P»t» <-'u«U. Mirtlaea _ ; -
ami Wai BUUoci 'I'lS*
T»iO3p Vallpjo ¦¦ 7M3P
COAST I>IVISU»S (S«rro»» «««*«).
(r'w.t ot M.irktt Street.)
«:!.•»» N«w«k.Crtiiteiil!le.«a.».Jr«i».F»ltoi>.
BonlJerCrr«k.SaiitaOrn»andWaj
ijUUmm ••— ••»•»
tailSp Newark. CeutartltU*. San .luse, N«w
AIi»M<leu. Follmi, IU)itItle« Cret-lc.
Ranta (ru» and 1'rlnclpal Way
8uuom. , *'?•?!!*
4«l."»p Neirark. «*n Jmw.; Lo* Gatos 8:30a
oU-.3Op Hunter*' Exeunlon. 8an Jose aad
i-J W»y t H%t,lon8 *.i9Or
CREEK ROUTE FEnRY. .
rrtasix raisusco— rut »f uuu\ sumhsuj J)—
t7:lS 9.CO 11:00a.m. 1:00 1.00 <:15p.rn.
From Oakland — Foot of Broadway. — 1< t3 tS:04
10:CCa.m. 12:00 2:0« 4:00p.m.
t'OAVr DIVISION (llroad Jiange).
¦ fThlr.1 aid To^tmwuI SM.)
•IB: ¦ e A <>ce*ii View. »mi»h .t»ti VraDOtaoit.. 1«»»a«c
ls««*Kau J<w« *»«l Way StaU.-iM (Mew .
• Aliiiaileii Wa<lri<Mda;ioiily) IiSiif
BiBOt Han J»»e. Tie* I'lno*. MiuiU t.'rn*.
Paell'ie «ir«.»e. 1'asn Koliles. Han
I,nU Ol.l« ) .o. htuf. I.OOIDOC ai«l
• rrincipnl Way MUtlmm f 1 '?'
HUIO» Ban .loss ami Way Htatlon* •»•»»
I lt»o* Baw J"»« «i»l Way SUthm* ........ ••«•»
f4i »0r San Matfo. Ue<lwoii.l, Meulu Park.
Talo Alto. s»ant»CUra. flui .I<»«.
Tre« Pino*. Mai.U Crux, Sallnaa,
MoillerryaiMl 1'aclflc OroTe ? I 2 I "»
t»i3»pHaaJoa«aaa W»y SUtlmii * s f? f
t4:13pS»nJoieati.irrliiclpalWaySkatlon* »s»3a
43:OOp San Jow. Lo* Gato* and rrlnclpal
Way HUtlona 1 Bs S«'
3:S»p San Jo»e an.l I'rjneipal Way StaUoua » ! 2i**
«:.ior Ban Jose ami Way Station* '"»;,*
qiliiapSan Jc»-»"'l Way 8tatlm<» «iSBP
A for Moruii.g P for A "•""»"•.
? Sniwiay e*<-n.ted. X iMaimt m*.
t Mondays, Wednesday!, yxlday*.
cTurtdays. ThnrsOar*. Sandals,
a Satardiur only. . ¦
CALIFORNIA NORTDWESTEBH RY. Ca
XJ23SSE3E3
SAS FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
'. RAILWAY COMPANY. . ,
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St
Kan Francisco tn San Rafael.
TIEURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAY3-7:30. »:00, ll:C0 a. m.; 12:33. J:».
5:10; f :30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra trip at 11: in
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:30 and
11:30 p. m. ' - •
SUNDAI8-4 :00. »:30. 11:00 a. ca.; 1:». IISO, »:••.
1:20 p. ra. • . :
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. U:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40. 5:10 p. rn. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:S»
and 0:35 p. m.
SUNDATS-«:W, »:«, 11:10 a. m.; l:*0. S:«l 1:0a.
t:iS Pk-m. - - - - - .
'< Between San Francisco and Scnaetzen ParX
', «ame schedule a* above. ¦
1- 'v Leave I la ESect j Arrive
; Sad Francisco. ! Nov. 7. 1900- I San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Pay*. I dars. f Destination. | day*. [ Days.
I 7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
• l:J0 pra 9:20 am PetaJuma. «:05 pm 10:25 am
4:10 pin 5:C0 pra Santa Rosa. 7:1» pm «:23 pm
. . Fulton.
7:30 us 'Windsor. 19:13 am
¦ Healdaburg-.
m Lytton.
Oeyservllle,
8:30.pm 8:00 am Cloverdala. 7:S PC3 t Jj pa
7-30 ami ' I Hopland I
I H:00 ara] and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| f.rt pm
7J0 am M:S ua
8:00 am CuernevUle. 7:J3 pm
8:30 pm ' *'¦& * m
7:10 am S:00am Sonoma 9:13 am S:40 am
and
8:13 pm fcCQpm Glen Ellea C:OS pm C:22 pw
?-36am| 8:00 ami 110:40 am!10:23 am
-3:30 pm| 5:00 pm[ . Sebastopol. I 7:31 pint *:23 pm
Stares connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark Wen
Springs and White Sulphur Spring; at Fulton
lor. Altruria: at Lytton for Kytton Springs: *t
Ceyservllle fer Skajtss Springs; at Clpverdalo
for the-' Geysers; at Hopland for .Duncan
Springs. Ilitjnlana Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Sola Bay, Lakeport and Bartlet*.
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. - Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day**. R!ver*ide. L.ierl»y's. Bucknell'a.
Eanbediin Keishts. HullvUle. Orr's Hot Sprlnss.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bratrgr. Westport, U«a!.
Wllletts. Laytonvllle. Cummlngs. Bell's Sprl&fs.
'Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Uondax round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate*.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half r&tes.
Ticket office. SCO Market st. Chronicle build-'
m*. R. x. rtax.
H. C. WHITTXO. O«n- Pass. Agt- •
Gen. Manager. -
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Samal'.to Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...3:15 a. rn. ; 1:4S and 4:00 p. ra.
SUNDAYS 8:00, 10:09, 11:23 and 1:15 p.m.
Far*. San Francisco to Summit and return.
tl 43. . .
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offWu. <21 Market *t. .Smotllto F«rry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
O'JU KEAB5T ST. EstabUsaeU
In 1434 for the trtatment nf l>rlTat«
DL-wasM. lyvnt Manbcod. Debility or-
lU^as" wc^rtognn body ami mind an<1
Skin Diseases. Tb«> Doctor cares wli«n
others loll. Try him. C'hj»rsr»a low.
rnrrtcnarnntprd. Callor writs.
Dr. JT. V. UIBBO.\, sau Frandaco, Cal .
AUCTION SALES
HORSES FOR EVERYBODY.
fe MAMMOiH AUCTION SALE &*
431 Horse; and Maces and 175 Holes.
(Including Matched teams and Extra Fins
• Saddle Horses).- '
TO BE HELD AT
BASEBALL GROUNDS.
FOLSOM AND SIXTEENTH ST8. BAN
- FRANCISCO,
•NEXT WEDNESDAY. Feb. 6. 1001.
. Commenclrie at 9 a. m.
These animals were carefully selected by
competent veterinarians (employes of the Ger-
man Government), and fulfilled all require-
ments ' for. cavalry and. artillery service In the
China war. The war having ended, these ant-
mal» were not shipped to China, but have now
been ordered sold at public auction. The mares
and peldlngj are fine looking and are from 1">
to l«'i hands, and weigh from 1000 to 1350
pounds; are from 5 to 10 years old; solid In
color, well handled and . suttable for fanners,
liverymen, stage owners, .teamsters, .express-
men, etc. There are many splendidly matched
teams among the lot. The- mules are also well
broken, and weigh from 1000 to U50 pounds. "
Positively no reserve. We want CASH from
all successful - bidder*. Immediately on fall of
hammer. -No exception to this."
WM. G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
Office. Occidental Horse Exchange, 721 How-
nrd st.. P. F. '
OCEAN TRAVEL. !
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ ' - •' Steamers leave- Broadway]
, W^ wharf, San Francisco.
BCTk^ . Fcr Alaskan Forts— 11 a. m.,
Kilwfesv Feb. 5. 10, 15. 20. 25. March 2.
KgJ*jS??I5i Chantee to company's steamers
B^p®H_53l Fo r Victoria. Vancouver (B.
V^nr^il c -**- *' ort Townsend. Seattle.
If Taeoma. Everett. Ar.acortes
and New Whatcom <Wash.>—
¦ 11 a. m., Feb. 5. 10. 15, 20. 25.
March 2. and every "fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company'.s steamer* for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Taeoma
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Hiimboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Feb. J.
7. 12; 17. -22. 27. March i. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Pan T>l»xo. stopnlnir only at Santa Bar-
bara. Pert Lea Antrelej. find Redondo (Los An-
freles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. :
steamer Santa Rosa,' Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
licos. Port Harford (San Luis' Obispo). Gavi-
nta. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San
Pedro. East San PeCro (Los Angeles) and
Newport— Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. m.;
steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Knsenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jc«« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
.For further Information obtain ' company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without rt'-evlmm notlr~». • -
• TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montcomery
.street (Palace Hotel). .
GOODALL. PKRKINS 4 CO.. Gen. Agt*..
¦ 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & II, CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
IP O 1R, T OLi -A.3ST-D
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
rinr $12 first Clas« ¦¦ Including Berth
r« ill. $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails ...Feb. 2. 12. 22. Mar. 4
GEO. TV'. ELDER Sails. ...Feb. 7. 17, 27. Mar. 9
Short Line to 'Walla Walla. Spokane, Batte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Xfcroush tickets to all points' Kast.
E. C. WARD. General A*r«t.
r - , - ¦ . 830 Market st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
: Kobe iHlesro). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
¦ connecting at Hongkong with eteamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
ot sailing.
ES. NIPPON MARU......:.....,...
...r Tuesday. February 19, 1901
PS. AMERICA MARUV... Friday. March 15. 1901
ES. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. April 9. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
fretjrht and passage apply at company's office,
411 Market street, corner First.
W. II. AVERT, General Agent.
PANAMA R.,R..TSS
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direci
Cabin, ft 10.'; Steerage. $40.
S. S. ARGKXXIj sails February 5.
S. S. ROAHOKE sail? February 19.
S. S. ST. 'PAUL sails • March 5.
From wharf, foot of Fremont St., at S 'p. m.
Freight and paFrensrer office. 330 Market st.
F.' F.- CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIBATI05 CO. A5D
COMPANIA SUD AMERICANA DS VAP0RE8
To Valparaiso, stepping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From -section No.
1, Seawall. SaHing: •¦ .
S P. GUATEMALA February 7. 1901
s' "6 PALENA .....February JO. 1901
S. s'. COLOMBIA.... March 7, 1301
S S "TUCAPEL March 20. 1S01
"These eteamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 314 California street.
BALFOUR. OUTHRIE A CO.. Agents.
BAY AND BIVZB' STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. KAVY YARD ANDYALLEJO.
• • Steirr**" ''Vo«itfce'ln. "
MON.. Tue».. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:to
a. in., 3:15, 8:30 p. Tn. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 3
p. m. Landing and office. -Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2 Telethon* Main 1308.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Marktt-Street* Ferry Depot.' :
Local Llm'dlOvrl'd Local
• Dally. Dally.' Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
A r. Stockton 10:23 a 11:43 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
•• Fresno .. 2:20 p I:*5 p 1:05 a
" Hanford . 4r22 p S:27 p 7:Ma
•• Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:43*
" Tular* .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:0S a
" BksfleM . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City T. J.Ua 7:»a ;..
• " Chicago . 2:15 pi 9:00 p :
a for morn Ins:. t> for afternoon-.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Car» through to 'Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfl«ld for accommodation of local
first clasa passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. dally:
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond*
•ng train arrives at H:0S n. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palaca and Tourtct Sleeper* and
ftee. Recllnlncr Chair ' Car. also Palace
ElVeper. which cuts out at Fr«»no. Cor-
responding train arrlvf* «t S:SS p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleia Local, ttcppln;
at all points In San Joanuln Valley; Cor-
re«pondlnir train arrives at 8:49 a. ra. dally.
. Office*— 641 Market street and In Ferrr
D#pot. San Francisco; 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land. ¦¦.-.'¦¦-
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via S*Kisal.t« Ferry.
•Commenclriir September CO. 1300.
FKO M BAN rHASO^OTO^Ll. VALLKT
' WEEK DAY&-«:S5, •9:15, 11:09 a. m.. »l:«,
s-ib 4-00. 5:15, **:15. «:*> p. m. •
EXTRA TRfl?S-For Mill VaHey and San
rafael on Mondays.. tVedcesdays and Sat-
urdays «t 9:0O and 11:35. p. nv
gUN ? DATS-'8:00. •10:00, '11:20 a. m.. •!.•«
115 M'45 «:80, »:0O P. m.
Trains marked (•) run to Ban Qtientln.
*-ItOM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FKANCISCO
WEEK WTS-5* 'CM, 7:45. »:M 1T*£]
•11-30. l:«S, ¦•3:30. 4:30. 6:20 p. m. ™~ ¦
EXTKA TRIPS on Monday.. Wednesdayi
and Saturdays at «:4S and 10:20 p. m.
"fiUNDATS-€:20. •8:00. •10:00. m-M a, m..
•l-4O. # S:15.' 4:45. •6:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-V45. S:43. 7:55, . »:*>
12-15 2:10, 3:30, 4:M. 5:20 p. m. .' •
EXTRA TRIP8 on • Monday*. Wednesdays
and Saturday* at 7:19 and 10:2) p. • ra. .
• SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:03 a. ra.. 12:05. Z:lj, 2-30
1:00, «:45 p. ro.. • ¦ , . '
THROUGH TRAINS.
(:S5 a. m. week days— Ca:adero and way
¦tatlons. . . ' • .. - . -
IMS p. n>. Saturday* — Tomalea and " «»
¦tatlons. - . - ' ¦ .
8:00 a. ' m. Sundays— Tomale* and way
•tatlons. V
M.. Rachael A. and "Wesley Lewis, a native
.of California, aged 33 years. (New York -pa-
pers please copy.) - ,
ITTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
• 'Vi Iy .. lnvlted to *«end the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 896 Valencia street. - Interment .Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by carriage. ¦ '
McAULIFFE-In Vallejo. February 1 2. 1901.
Anne, beloved wife of John F. McAullffe, sl9-
\% x of Ii l rSl Margaret Kelly of Vallejo and
IJennls Drlscoll of San Francisco. • aunt of
i r ?--'A' i^- Da 't«n and- Mrs. Mary Furlong
and Dr. James H. Seymour of San
Francisco, and cousin of Mrs. James Lane of
Mare Island, a .native of i Ireland, aced C2
years. •
. 'L? 1 Friends and acqualntanceii are reepe'et-
• '""V-lnvHed to attend the funeral- to-merrow
(Tuesday). n\ 9 o'clock, from her late resl-
2? nc ,'v. • " 6 ' Capitol . Etreet, Vallejo. thence to
fct. \ lneent's Church, where a solemn hljrh
requiem masa will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul. Interment St. VIncent'B
Cemetery.
McCARTHY-In this city, Februar>' 3.- 1901.
Jeremiah, Infant beloved son of Michael and
Annie McCarthy, and brother V>f : Daniel J..
Margaret C. and Willie McCarthy, a native
J^?2 Francisco, ased 6 months and 22 days.
.CT The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. £2 Tenth street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McQUINX— In this city. February 2, 1901.
Jrank r., beloved husband of Josephine Mc-
Qulnn. and father of Frank C. McQulnn. a
native of Bangor, Maine, aged S3 years and 7
months. (Bangor,' Maine, , papers please
ccj>y.) '
MAOUNE— In this city, February 3, ! 1301.
Arthur Nelson, beloved son of Captain F. A.
and Lena A. Magune. a native of Newcastle,
>•. S. W., aged 3 years 3 months and 21
oayg. (Seattle. Wash., papers please copy.)
ii~y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the family res-
idence. "C53 Twentieth street, between Va-
lencia and Guerrero. Interment Cypress
Lawn -Cemetery by electric funeral car from
• Tvtentieth and Guerrero streets.
MILLER— in thin city, February 3, 1901,' Jo-
hanna Rose Miller, beloved wife of Peter
Miller, and mother of Mrs.- Josephine Fried,
and daughter of Mr*. C. Bauer, and sister of
Mrs. E. Malone of Broderick, Yolo County.
Cal., a native of Wurtembere, Germany,
aeed 57 years 10 months and 1 day.
NOON AX— In this city. February 2, 1901. Jere-
' miah, beloved husband of Frances Xoonan,
and father ol Mary, Joseph and Richard
Noonan. a native of Lawrence, Mass., aged
4fi years 5 months and ? days. (Boston pa-
pers rlease copy.)
C7Th* funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 651 Golden Gate avenue. Interment
•private, Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
OPENSHAW— In this city. February 3. 1&01.
Joseph Edwajd, beloved and only son of
George and Olivia Openshaw. a native of San
Francisco, DKCd. 6 months and 22 days.'
RAGGETT-In this city. February 3, 1901,
• Richard UagRett, dearly beloved son of Mrs.
Mary and the late Michael Raggett, a native
of Pan Francisco, aged 37 years.
E7Notlce cf funeral hereafter.
ECH\VE1TZER-In this city. February 3. 1901.
Louis, beloved boh of Sebastian and the late
Marie Schweitzer, and brother of Lena,
Francis X.. Paul, Edward and Jeanette
Schweitzer and Mrs. II. C. de Landresse. a
i native of San Frar.cisco, aged 27 years 11
. months and 13 days.
' tCTFrlends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence* to St.
Charles Bijrromeo's Church, Eighteenth and
Hhotwell streets, -where a z'equlem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose ot his soul.
commencinK- at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Ooss Cemetery. • ' . •
SILLEMAN— In this city. February 8. 1901, In-
fant son of George and Emma Silleman, a
native of San Francisco.
SULLIVAN— In this city, February 1. 1801.
Patrick Sullivan, beloved brother of Daniel
• Sullivan of Pan Jose, and uncle of Cornelius,
Michael, Patrick, Mamie, Timothy, Francis.
Nellie and Maggie Sulll\-an. a native of
• County Cork, Ireland, aged 55 years.
SWEENEY— In Antloch. February 1, 1901. Wil-
liam B. Sweeney, beloved husband of the late
Hanorah Sweeney, and father of James E.,
Charles A.. William J.. Thomas and Kath-
i erine Sweeney, a native of Ireland.* asred 75
years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 318 "Mason street,
between O'Farrell and Geary. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
TRACY— At rest. In this city, February 3, 1901,
Margaret Tracy, beloved grandmother of
Annie and Louise Mahlke and Mrs. P. P.
Pase.
(CTInterment private.
WHITE— In this city. February 2. 1901. Mar-
tin White, a native of New York, aged 75
years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from . the Masonic
Temple, corner Montgomery and Post streets.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land.
WILSON— In this city, February 3, 1901. James
H.. beloved son of Alonzo i». and Prx'de C.
Wilson, and brother of William. Frederick,
Edwin, Alonzo and Charles Wilson and Mrs.
Hatt!e Seacer,' a native .of Iowa, aced 39
years 2 months and 23 days. (Lesume and
Longrmont. Cal., papers please copy.)
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to Attend the funeral Wednes-
day, February 6, at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1112 Treat avenue. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery- . ' '
WISE— In this city. February 3. 1901. Charles
¦ O.. beloved husband of Augusta Wise, a na-
tive of Denmark, aged 43 years.
WOLFE— Passed away. February -2. 1901, Mrs.
Elizabeth U; Wolfe, widow of the late James
E. Wolfe, and mother of Fred Emerson
Allen, a native of Maine, aeed C9 years 10
months and 19 days.
(^Remains at mortuary chapel of Golden
Gate Undertaking Company, 2429 MUslon
street, near Twenty-first.An Interesting entertainment for, 'the
children of St. Boniface's Parish was
given yesterday afternoon . in • the ; lecture
rooms attached to},' the church.- A' pro
gramme with numbers chiefly In German
attracted a large aseroblagepf little folks."
and a considerable sum of money,' was
gathered, which will be aplled to the com
pletion of the new building.-- Among other
numbers the recitation by Master Butch
enback of the discovery of America was
heartily applauded, and the singing of
Benefit at St. Boniface's Church.
Dress-suit cases, travtling rolls, trunks,
valises, combs, brushes, lap tablets, pock
etbooks. card cases, bill ; books. caxneraB
and, toilet articles. -AH tine ¦ leather goods
lettered in gold free of charge. Beet goo'i*
and lowest prices. « Sanborn Vail & Co.,
741 Market sj. , • ¦ .>.•?>;
Travelers'. Outfits.
¦ ' ...•¦"''¦'•; She Smiles.
¦'• Lorraine "W.'de ,1a* Montanya Insists on
getting a divorce, and her husband. James
de" la" Montanya, refuses to pay her bills.
About - two months ago- Mrs. „ de la" Mon
tanya, instituted' an action for. dlvorcoon
tho. grounds of ' intemperance, infidelity
and cruelty. As De la Montanya is now in
France, •¦, whither- he. went as soon as he
learned of the filing of the action for di
vorce,' summons -has 1 not * asf-yet been
served upon him. Helms announced him
self, 'however, '.as being unwilling. to con
tribute toward his wife's support in the
following: advertisement in the local pa
pers: ,. „•;•'' •' .
"To- Whom It May. Concern:- AlPperwns are
hereby notifled that I will : not be - responsible
for,; any , debts or oblleatlons contracted ' by
Lorrain« W. fie . la .Montanya, otherwise Mrs.
James de la Montanya. aa she has no right or
authority. to obtain goods or contract debts on
my credit. JAMES DE LA MONTANYA,
; Paris, " France, .Jan.. 9, 1901.
.1 Mrs.' de la Montanya and her v attorneys
are lauKhiny over. the advertisement. ¦ Mrs.
del la" Montanya,". it; is ¦ pointed' out, -has
property, of , her own and is 1 not forced to
traded on-iher husband's? credit.X-iThe- ad- 1
vertisement-l 8 -^.however,' an expression of
De la Montanya's feelings and in a meas
ure ; sustains the ; announcement that ln
stead of, contesting his wife's suit he. will
instituted one ; on 'hla own account . in ' the
courts of; France.' *
DE LA MONTANYA WILL
NOT PAY WIPE'S BILiLS
Publislies warning to His [ Creditors,
but as. She Has Property
"Her-memory will be reverently cher
ished, by humanity as • that of a God
fearti\gr: woman, a most righteous mon
arch, and the greatest type of woman
hood." ¦ . • . ..-_
1 — -
Large Congregation Listens to Eu
logy of -Dead Queen* at Bush,
' Street Synagogtie.
There was a large attendance at the
Bush street Synagogue Saturday morn
ing when a memorial sermon in honor of
Queen Victoria was delivered by Rabbi
Myers. Taking for. his text - Proverbs,
xxxi: 30. "A God-fearing woman shall be
praised," Rabbi Myers said in part: . -.
"The brightest gem in Victoria's crown
was .her conscientiousness. She was a
loyoi servant of the King of kings, and
the fear- of the Lord was ever in her
heart.' The 'scepter of her reign was a.
scepter of equity, .and her throne was
based upon righteousness and justice. In
the words of the Psalmists it may be said:
'Thou didst love riphteousness and didst
hate iniquity," therefore tho lxird thy God
anointeth thee jvith. the oil of joy above
thy fellows.' Her gentleness and her
peace-loving disposition, her 6pirit of tol
eration,-. the purity of her life - and the
.faithful discharge of all her duties as' a
constitutional, sovereign, as ' a devoted
wife/mother and friend, and her readiness
at all times to sympathize with suffering
and sorrow, endeared her not only. to all
her subjects, \ but* to all good, men and
women. ¦.--:, . . ¦ . ,
EABBI MYERS PRAISES
VICTORIA AS A WOMAN
Melville NickelF. 2'j years old, whose
parents live at 112 Vicksburg street, was
found dead in bed yesterday morning, and
the body was removed to the Morgue. Hi3
parents say that on New Year's night he
was spized with Fpasms and since then
had been ailing. Saturday while playing
•with his elder brother Joseph he bumped
his head against Joseph's and seemed to
puffer from the effect of the collision. He
recovered somewhat when put to bed and
his mother did not think it necessary to
call in a. physician.
An autopsy performed by Morgue Sur
geon Bacigalupi shewed that death was
due to ajcute indigestion.
Will Header Southern Melodies.
The Rev. Thomas P. Louchlin will lec
ture this evening in Metropolitan Hall on
the^'Song-s of the Sunny South." F"athor
McLoughlin will rlne many of Foster" a
Southern melodies to illustrate his subject.
Amcag the song? he will render are "Tbo
Suanee River." "Old Kentucky Home "
"Old Uncle Ned" aj:d "Hard Times." '
Hon. William Craig will preside and de
liver the introductory address. Tickets
may be obtained during the day at room
E7. Flood buildinsr.
What might have been a fatal accident
occurred yesterday in one of the tents'oc
cupied by the recruits in the model camp.
Private Charles Walls, Company G,' Sec
ond Provisional Battalion, entered his^nt
and preparatory ' to enjoying a comfort?
able ¦ afternoon's siesta, raked over the
coais In. the stove. He was very success
ful Incurring up a blaze, and incidental
ly a Krag-Jorgensen cartridge that some
careless "rookie" had thrown Into the j
ashes. The cartridge exploded, scattering*
the ashes and red hot coals over the tent
and wounding the so«dier severely. The
.bullet split into a number of pieces, some
of which found lodgment in the leftup
per and forearm. of Vails, and one a few
inches below the ' left scapula. The last
mentioned wound is of a- serious nature.
In addition to the wounds thn soldier's
face was badly cut and bruised' by frag
ments of tho brass case. .* • ' , ¦ ;
Major Penrose. surgeon ; U. S..V., was
the only officer on board suffering any ill
ness. He Is a, victim of dysentery. - ¦¦'.
Hospital corps men, doctors and nurses
had a busy day yesterday at the. Presidio
caring for the 464 sick and convalescent
eoldiers returned "on the Warren. With
the exception of twelve litter cases the
sick were what is known in hospital par
lance as "walking patients." which means
they are still.-under treatment, but suf
ficiently strong to care for themselves. .
At. the hospital; they .were lined, up for
examination.' with the result that 200 were
distributed -.the : wards . In the
hospital and the -rest ordered to the Pre
sidio as fit for discharge-
SICK SOLDIERS
REACH HOSPITAL
Disabled Men Are Taken
Fr6m Warren to the;
Presidio.
THE St. Patrick's Day Convention j
met In Knlghta of the Red Branch
Hall yesterday afternoon and j
business of an Important nature
was transacted by the delegates.
It was decided after a brief ' discussion
to hold the celebration on Monday, March
IS. as the natal day of Ireland's palm
caint falls on Sunday this year. A few
of the delegates favored the holding of
the celebration on Sunday, but they were
in the minority.
The ccnyentlon was called to order
shortly after 2 o'clock by Chairman John
J. O'Gara, who announced the appoint
ment of the following-named executive
committee, selected from among the dele
pates sent by the peveral "organizations
that intend aiding in every way possible
to make the celehration a grand success:
John Heenan. Touths* Directors* : V.'llllam
BrodTlck. £t. Joseph's Union; Charles Hurley,
State board. A. O. H.; P. J. Kelleher, county
board A. O EL: W. O'Shaughnessy, "county
extension board. A. O. H.: T. P. C^Dowd. A.
O. H. Hall Association: John Kenny. Division
I A. O ¦ H-; J. S. McConnick, Division 3; J.
P Kellehtr. Division 5; M. J. Dolan. Division
6: D. Sheerin, DiviBlon 8; J". C. Ryan Sr.,
Division- 9: J. J. Coughlan, Division 10: .D.
Fitrpatrick. Division 11; Thomas Dcyle. Divi
sion 13; Frank Kelly, Division 14; P. B. Ma
honey. Division IT; J. B. Hagerty. Division
20- H. B. Coleman. A. O. H. Glee Club; Cap
tain H. Filgate. Knights Red Branch; T. F. :
McOratb, St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance; WII-
sixty little sirls-ln the chorus of "Die
SchwalbenV quite caught the audience and
was appreciatively received. A series of
vocal and instrumental features completed
the programme of twenty separate num
bers, and the children spent a most en
joyable afternoon. . ¦ .':.*'¦¦•
At the last regular meeting of the Gaelic
League of this city I wa» directed by unani
mous resolution to respectfully solicit your
favorable consideration for the following sug
gestion of the Gaelic League of America to all
associate branches and kindred organizations:
"That in view of the Imperative need of funds
to strengthen the hands of the Gaelic I.caprue
of Ireland, in .-eviving the Irish language, the
visible eymbol of Irish nationality, we respect
fully ask that the proceeds of your forthcom
ing celebration, with 'the consent of the united
IrlKh societies be placed at the disposal of the
Gaelic League of this city for transmission
through the proper channels to the Gaelic
League of Dublin, Ireland, whose worthy, ef
forts, for the past decade have been signally
successful In making: the Irish people really
Irish and not sickly, snobbish Imitations of the
Anglo-Saxon " race which has earned the title
of pur hereditary foe. ,
The-«3aellc League alms, to make Ireland
Irish. Its platform Is truly national. . Its work
Secretary IDrady then read the follow
ing communication from the correspond
ing: secretary of the local Gaelic League:
Ham Collins, Et. Patrick's Harmony Alliance;
C. 1*. She^han, St. Patrick's Alliance; Thomas
F. Alford. Celtic Union; Mrs. H. Mulvihlll.
Martha Washington Circle. A. O. -H.: Mrs.
Beady. Colnmbia Circle. A. O. H. : P. J. Mur
phy, Celtic Philharmonic Society: -P. J. Madl-
Ifan, Gaelic league; r. J. Donohue, K. R. B.
Hall Association; J. R. Tobln, Knights of St.
Patrick Association: John McGUllcuddy, Celtic
ITnion Hall; J. H. Murphy, St. Patrick's Al
liance No. 14; Matt O'Reilly. County Leltrlm
Social Club; Owen B. Redly. Knights of Tara;
H. McCabe. ' Father Mathew's Association;
Matt Connolly. K. R. B. Rifles.
Child's Sudden Death.
* Committee on music— Henry Heyman. : ¦
• Floor comrnlttee--Edward M; Greenway,' Colo~.
nel- Walter S. Martin:- Ueutenant J. P. Hairs,
U.;S.:;a.;j. Edfrar D. 'PeisoUo, .Fran); B. King,
Harry. N. Stetson; Lieutenant Colonel Marlon
P.-Maufj. TJ. S. A.: John M, rifltt, .WlllardN.
Drown.: R. JIcKte- Duperu, .Percy: L..:, King;
Ens!KnC. T R. -Miller. -U.S. N.;,I^atham Mc-
Mullln, ; Gerald Iv. RathboW .Theodore • Wores:
¦ Reception .committee— William Alvord, •Wil
liam Babcock. - Charles ; Bundschu. Francis J.
Carolan. ;W*. H. Crocker. - Horace . Da vlu; Dr.
•Benjamin -I Jo- \Vheeler, "W."- E.' Deane.t Joseph
A. Donohoe.' Ix>uls Gerstle, J. Downey Harvey;
Major General W.'R. Shatter, U. S.' A.;M. H.
Hecht.l Horace I* Hill. E.^W. Hopkins. Charles
Josselyn, ' Hugh \Tevls. t T. * C. Van Ness." Fred
erick «\V..- Zeile.'- Julius vKruttschnltt. v.W. - E '
L«ster. A. F. Mathews. ;E. O.; McCormick
Hermann > Oelrlchs, - Robert . Oxnard, Dr. David
S.v Jordan.- Major J. . L.' (¦ Rathbone.'- ;¦ John I.
Sabln, Henry ;.T. ; Scott; : R^ar .-Admiral Merrill
Miller. U. S. N. ; J. c. Stubbs. John A. Stan
ton. * John 't D. : f-preckels. r Rudolph
"Wlllicm 8.' TevlB, Joseph"; S.- Tobln.
'The grand march;led by Prince Carnival
and his court, will begin promptly on the
stroke of. 10.. The price of a single ticket,
for eith.er.lady.or gentleman, is $5, Includ
ing - supper. • .. ,¦ ,.} tv,i?,n . .
:/ The various committees bavins the af
alr.-in'charee are asfollows: ¦"•¦¦„' . >
-'Executive committee--james "W. Byrne, WII-
Ham G. v Stafford. Henry Heyman, W. B. Bourn,
Horace * O-^PIatt, - Clinton E. Worden, • L. P.
I^atlmer, Willis • E. ;Davls, James D.. Phelan,
Irving M.- Spoil,; Joseph D- Grant. "
• .Committee ' on decoration— William G. Staf
ford, -,Ij.' P. Latimer. - i ,.
To the : fair sex only.jis;. the; privilege o f
masks allowed. . ' The 4 masculine i element
must appear. ,wlthout"face coverings br.be
banished from 'the- floor. i~la order to pre
.serve.the artistic character. of the* ball the
committee .."advises".'/ prospective : dancers
to don fancy attlre'bf some 'sbtb'i Officers
of; the army; ; navy or! Xationalj,Guard not
wearing: fancy; garb -are, requested "to ap
pear.: In; their, uniforms. V_ '-.,-¦.; >
-It ,1s fifteen days to February 19 and
Mardi Gras. but the invitations for the bal
masque of the San Francisco Art Associa
tion, at 'the Mark Hopkins Institute, are
already, out and -the .'.wild scramble for
them-has'-begun# The invitations are is
sued subject to the approval of a commit
tee,, which Ms also out-; with • a set of
"rules,'/, the. harshness of this term being
thinly veiled b'y the appellation "advice,"
for. the guidance of the masqueraders.
Invitations 2 Out for * Mardi
; 6ras Event and Rush for
¦ ; -;_ /Tickets Is On,
CRUSH IS CERTAIN
AT BAL MASQUE
i» truly political as well as educational. It
aims to create an Irish nation, not a cheap,
shoddy attempt at one— a nation self-support
ing and pelf-reliant, expressing itself in its
natal tongue, knowing full well that until the
Irish langruafre Is reinstated as the national
language no real Ireland can exist.
Anticipating your generous support and
favorable consideration for the foregoing, I
am very sincerely yours,
, * THEODORE LYXCH.
Corresponding Secretary Gaelic League.
Action on the communication was post
poned for two weeks, as the plans for
the celebration have not yet proceeded
far enough to permit of a determination
as to wh'at disposal will be made of the
proceeds of. the entertainment.
A motion was made that the chairman
be empowered to appoint such sub-com
mittees as -he deemed necessary to con
duct the preliminary work of preparing
for the celebration. The objection was
raised that if the sub-committees were
named there would be nothlnja- left for the
executive committee to do and that body
might Just as well go out of existence.
A debate lasting for more than an hour
followed. The motion was carried by a
vote of 60 ayes. to 55 noes. A' recess of
ten minutes was taken, at the end of
which time Chairman O'Gara announced
tho following sub-committees:
• Resolutions— M. Cooney (chairman). R. C.
O'Connor. John Mulhecn. Eustace Culllnan,
John Heenan, Jaxnea A. Barry. - ; ' ¦•
Music— Rev. Joseph Conway (chairman), P.
J. McCormJck. Thomas Searey, J. P. Henry,
I Miss _ Josie Dillon. . .
Orator and poet— Rev. - D. O. Crowley (chair
man), J. J. Donahue. T. R. Bannerman. ¦'
Press— John J. Gallagher (chairman), P. ' J.
Kelleher. C. B. Flanagan.
Printlns-^n. 8. Shepston fchairmanl. M. F.
TJonleavy, P. J. Cllne. .William • Broderlck.
Thomas Ilicltey.
"Auditing— John P. Dljrnan (chairman), "Wil
liam Mulvin, John P. Henry. Charles Glldea,
John Ganey.
Hall— Frank Conklin. ' (chairman). Wlftlam
Broderlck. J. J. Donahue. .
The convention adjourned to meet again
next Sunday afternoon, when the execu
tive committee will present a" report out
lining tho features of the celebration.
IRISH-AMERICAN CITIZENS MEET
TO. ARRANGE FOR ST. PAT
RICK'S DAT CELEBRATION.
As the result of a criminal operation
Betiy L. Anderson, SO years old. a denizen
of the tenderloin, died yesterday morning
at the Golden State lodging-house. Eddy
and Mason streets, and her body was re
jnoveu to the Morgue. The case was re
ported to the Coroner and the police by
Dr. Ker.ry Meyers, who was called in a
few minutes before the woman died.
Deputy Coroner Methan and Detective
Oibson were unable to learn the name of
the party responsible for the woman's
death. Mre. Triechel, with whom Miss
.Anderson formerly lived at 224 O'Farrell
IFjTeet, informed the detective and deputy
coroner that Miss Anderson had admitted
to her a few days ago that a woman had
performed an operation upon her. Paul
Barthl, a baker residing at 239 Natoma
street, attended to Miss Anderson's wants
for twelve hours before she died. When
he found that she was in a serious condi
tion he called in Dr. Meyers. An inquest
¦will be held to-day. The deceased was a
- native of Sweden and had no relatives la
this country.
X>eath Results Fronx Malpractice.
One of the most exciting Incidents I
en the exciting voyage ot tho Warren ;
was furnished by Dr. Lloyd R. Hawley :
and his wife. The doctor was a. dentist j
In Manila -with a very extensive practice
and when he boarded the transport fir
leen big trunks followed.
The doctor and his wife made many
friends on tiie steamship and for a time
were social favorites. Then an^ry words ;
vere heard coming from their stateroom!
and finally the cumax . come one night J
about' the time the transport was oft i
Honolulu. \: ¦.'.... !
Suddenly there. was a crash of falling: I
glass, a stateroom door was wrenched 1
open and Dr. Hawley and his wife ap
peared on deck, struggling aesperateiy. I
The docior was doing his best to subdue i
his wife and she van vowing that she i
would throw him overboard. Aft to the j
midship gangway they struggled, and ¦
there, iosing their balance, tney fell to
the main deck. - j
The disturbance was reported to Quar
tc-rmaster Captain Miles and to Captain !
Krazier. They at once gave the neces- j
eary orders and Or. • Hawiey was locked |
up in one room and Mrs. Hawley In an- |
other. When the transport reached Hon- j
• iluiu they were put ashore, and are still
there awaiting transportation to San
Francisco. Their fifteen trunks are still {
r.board the Warren, however, and will i
be kept by the quartermaster's depart
ment until the owners claim them. ¦
Employes on the transport assert that j
Mrs. Kawley was troubled with Insomnia I
and took a powerful sleeping draught, j
which reacted and for the time beinsr !
'drove her crazy. However, the Hawley
Incident was the most exciting, while it
lasted, of a very exciting voyage.
Dentist and His Wife Strug
gle Fiercely Aboard
the
TRIES TO THROW
HIM OVERBOARD
The United- States army transport War
ren had the ill luctk to encounter on her
last voyage a series of mishaps such as
rarely foHow a ship from port to port.
Had it not been for the nautical ability
of Captain Frazier and the skill of Chief
Engineer French the steamship might
never have readied San Francisco.
When the Warren leff here the
supposition was 'that she was to" be back
inside of two months. When the trouble
in. China broke out she had to start to
Taku v.ith troops; then she had to brine
men from . the southern islands of. the
Philippines to supply the places of those
sent to China, and after making two round
trips she was ordered home. Instead of
being gone two months she was away five
.months and seventeen days, and the won
der is that she got back at all.
The Warren was formerly the German
steamship Scandia, and was one of the
first purchased by Uncle Sam at the out
break of the Vvar. Other vessels . pur
chased after her have been laid up and
overhauled, but the Warren -kept on her
regular course and made the usual sched
ule time, until this, last trip. The six
months' cruise' was. the last straw, and
now it comes down to a question of ex
tensive repairs. The nremen assert that
ten j minutes after the transport cast
anchor off the quarantine station two. of
the furnaces went down. Two of them
burned out when the transport was in
Manila, and had the latter accident hap
pened at sea tugs might now be out lootc
mg for the Warren.
When the transport was sent to Taku,
China, with the Ninth Cavalry, she had
to anchor about twenty miles from shore,
much to the disgust of the officers and
crew. The transport was in good com
pany, however, as almost every nation
in the world had a warship there. One
day tnere was a mishap over the landing
or tho cavalry, and their horees, find H
was necessary to -send a launch ashore.
A twenty-mile run with a boat of limited
coal capacity is a serious undertaking,
and due preparations were made. It came
to naught, nowever, as the launch broke
down and the men had to take refuge In
a British cruiser. They were well cared
for that night, and next day the engines
were repaired and the launch returned to
the Warren.
All -that the men on the transport saw
of the Chinese war and the "loot" was
through a twenty-mil© lens, and, accord
ing to them, the scene was "bum."
Keturniug to Manila, the Warren was
ordered Up San Francisco. Troops had to
be moved, however, and she had to make
two trips. 'among the islands. Captain
Frazier proved his qualities as a navigator
and not an accident occurred. About a
dozen complimentary letters testify to th»
esteem he is held in by the various officers
of the regiments that traveled on the
steamship. "
When the Warren again reached Manila
she was provisioned for an eight months'
cruise, but at the last moment when
steam was. being raised the two furnaces
went down. That meant repairs and the
man in charge at Manila ordered the Ves
sel to San Francisco. Leaving port the
transport, ran into the British steamer Mo
gul and damaged. her considerably. The
stories on the steamship are to the effect
that the signal from the bridge to the
engine-room was "slow astern." Instead
the engines were put "slow ahead'." Had
It been "full "speed" the Mogul would
have been cut in two. .As it was several
of her plates were dented and her "ginger
bread" work demolished.
First assistant Engineer Frank James
was on watch, but Second Assistant En
gineer Gibson- was in charge of the en
gines. James was held to be responsible
by the quartermaster captain and captain
and was- suspended from all duties save
those of machinist.
After getting away from Manila the
Warren had fair weather until she
was off the Hawaiian Islands. Then the
boiler tubes began to give trouble and
steam ' could not be kept up. Captain
Krazler on tho advice of the chief en
gineer headed for Honolulu. There the
vessel was fixed up temporarily, but two
more furnaces went down soon after she
dropped anchor In quarantine. On this
account steam could not be raised in her
'boilers and she had to be taken to her
dock by the tug Slocum.
Among those who came home on the
.Warren was Mrs. McGregor, wife of Ma
jor McGregor. She Is accompanied by her
daughter. On reaching Manila her. hus
band Was at the front where considerable
fighting was going on. Major McGregor,
on learning of his wife's arrival, advised
her to come home, which she did, tak
ing the Warren, tho next vessel to sail for
San 'Francisco. ¦ •
The chances are that the Warren will
be laid, up for several months, and that
the Lawton will take her place " among
the Islands.
.•¦..¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ •. ¦ ¦¦.
Owing to Captain's Skill She Hakes
This Port, but Only Just in Time
to Avert Dis
.-:,.- aster.
WARREN MEETS
MANY MISHAPS
Vessel 13 in Hard Luck
on Voyage To and From
-the Orient.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1901.
Committee Appointed by St. Patrick's ¦ Gbnvention
to : Complete Arrangements for Grand Celebration:
Great Interest Is Taken by Irish-AmeriGan Societies
PREPARE TO HONOR MEMORV
OF IRELAND'5 PATRON SAINT
10
' Chollie— She called mean idiot. 'Mollle—
Indeed! 'I didn't. thjnk'she knew you well
, enough 4 for ; that!— Yonkers -Statesman.
¦.Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c flask; Richards & Co.v *0« Clay. •
GREAT
EMBROIDERY
...SALE-! \ '
Special Cut Price for*.OneniniS
Sale* .
Look at our window bargains— w« men-
tion a few of 'them: ¦ . •• '. . • > I
6000 yards of . .-. V "^ '-'
iipen Work Fm s roidery ;
¦•Double thread; In «evei>al patterns; worth
. 10c yard— on' sale. -^ _
• •••- - .:::.: oc
New Style Embroidery;
fl|4 Inches wide:' In many patterns; worth
l 10c:a yard— on sale.; .' A( ¦
;............. .......... O4C
- 2000,-yarda of -• ¦ •
English Double Thread
I mbro dery; ! . . :
Worth 15c . to 20c yard— on > sale ' | fkn
Hundreds of other utyies'Vn' Swiss. N'aln-
< book and Cambric • Embroidery at I blr re- '
- ductlons. It ¦ji-lll pay you to call. ' - *-:
Silk Waist
Special! - '/ r f'^W^v'''
Tour choice of all \ /W^^OTfUVV
¦ colors Taffeta Silk . - k- im^^M^\--
¦U-alsts; tucked / ' y «^ » ¦ »\«J»' IVt \ -.
front and back; .ijT .^MW&fy :
V quality - on 1;\ \^'Ht»ilCr
sale to-day
SO;50
One Overskirt Special;
-Black ' Serg« . Oversklrts; in all -*lzes; $3
-quality; on sale to-day........ C»| GK
One Boys' Waist S pecia I ;
: A- 2Sc' Boys', : Blouse Waist; made "of 'per-
cale; pretty 'shades; all Mzes— on ' a FZf
eal« at :..•...............;...;.'.:..... lOy
1212-1214 mAhKErST^,
* Bet. Taylor and Joeb3.'
I^all Orders :ReceU-«d.' ." ':, . . ... '•
GOLDBEBO. B0WEN ft CO'S 8PSCIAI. S1VIHQ BALB ¦
BDWEN ?
Monday Tuesday Wednesday ;
Coffe e
Extra fancy Kona — one
rcg'ly 25c zut
. C 1 a r e t
Claret has advanced— last - - r
chance at this price— regTy 50c J J *-
Ma pie syrup
Best in the world — Hazen — A/-»r>
reg'ly 65c J gallon OOC
B u ck r ; w h e a t
Eastern — r v ""¦*. f\r\r*
v reg'ly 75C10 Ib sack ooc
Shrimps
Fine for salads— 1 r\r
reg'ly 12k can xu^
, B a co n
Ferris— quality unequaled— ,0'-
reg'Iysoc Ib . • lo iV
Port
Private stock — * rnr
reg'ly 75c bottle O uu
52 50 gallon $2
G o c o a nut:
Schepps— fresh, stock— ' 1^ "
shredded— reg'ly 30c Ib. '£r*y
S w e et ci d e r
DeLong— pure apple juice— . «
reg'ly 50c gallon ¦ 4 UL
Jam s — - j. c 1 1 ie-s
. Pure fmit and sugar— . T rr
reg'ly 20c can x D^
R a i s i n s
Imported Malaga — .:« cc ' 1 CC
xibcarton — 4&6crown •>¦ oj
W h 1 s k'y .'"'
. ~ : reg'Iy special •
Old Crow bourbon 1892 bot $1 25 $1
. " 4< 1892 gal 5 4 h '
Hermitage Rye 1889 bot 150 1x5
[¦¦ " /"¦• 1889'gal 6/450
S\t r i n g; bje/a^n s '
Golden wax — tender— - T rr>
delicious— reg'ly 20c can • 5^*
M us tar d
• Horse-radish— _ 1^
reg'ly- 15c bottle . • •* 2 a C
bra ngess/
. ; Newhall— large, and juicy— _ '
Extra |j)
It requires an average of more than 20.-
. 000,000 pins a day to meet the needs of the
American people.
•j ,
6 0LSSSS9. BOTZS * CO'S 87ZCUL 8ATCI3 SALX
M a.ck e r c 1
XXX extra — heads and tails <4 9n
off— 12 Ib kit— rcg'ly %z 50 r
T o lie t soap
Roger. & Gallet— Pinaud— f\c\r+
: reg Iy 75c box of 3 cakes uut
'Tooth powder
Antiseptic Myrrh— o -. „
reg'ly 25c bottle 2OC
Country orders
Write us for estimates
on big supplies
432 Pine *33 Sottar s«oo CitlfornU San FrtadK*
i Thirteenth and Clay Streets Oak!*s4
K'ew York /#%
Consolidated —^
Oriental Rug Co.'s
Entire Stock Now in the Hand* ct
CREDITORS
WILL BS SOLD OUT»
AUGTION
Wednesdi j. Thnnday, Friday,
FEB. 6TII. TTH. 8TH. ~~
At W A. M. and 3 P. 31.
30.8 SUTTER STREET,
NEAR CRA2IT A^E2?rjE-
(I TeSerVeOr limit «
E. G. KNAPP,
. ¦ , ' Att»ra«y ttt Crtditar ¦
SSONULTY.
' T^J 7 , ] £i 4L - KNOWjr AND BKLrABLE OLD
Str^ta^rUJT"^ ?J°°^ Poison, O'onorrhaw.Glee:.
aiiiit i7* H -l mlt1aI Weatne*.. Impotraco and their
tatlonfreeandsacrtdlyconfldentlal Can q7- address
«- . f- R 08COE Mc.VCLTY. 51. D.
ZOijKearaySU H>nfr«ai)t»«o.Csl.
~~ \M. T. HESS,
,.XCTAEy PWii: INJ XTeO3LJAt.XT.ZXV.
'Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Cla.ua SprrckeU Bid*.
_ ,_. Telephone Brown Ml.
.Residence, tn CalUornia ,l. below PowtU.
'' . San FrancUco.
I " I B »9 V lSmo^«»"» Powder, la bulk
1 m I H 9W and loadnd In shells. Send
MVHV ***** GEO. W. SHREVE.
! . 730 Market itre*t.
TfiiS; week we* will have on sale
large importations of New Goods for
Spring 1901. We will show complete
and elegant lines of the following fabrics;
WASH SILKS.
200 pieces extra heavy quallty-and; superior finish Japanese
r. Corded Wash Silks In all tha leading shades, such as CIEL.
ROSE. LAVENDER, NILE, GOBELIN, NATIONAL JASPER.
CAhDINAL and WHITE. v
Price 50c yard
JAPANESE CREPES.
-V 8 cases New Japanese Wash Crepss In chacks, plaids,
stripes and plain colors. These are In Pinks. Tans,
•. Blues, Lavender and Black- and White. Are all warranted
last colors.
:fv Price 20c and 25c yard
NEW PERCALES.
750 pfeces 36-Inch Printed Percales In dark, medium and
. light grounds. These are In all the new colorings, such as
Beds, Heliotrope, New Blues, Pinks and Grays.
: • v Price- I2Sc yard
NEW GINGHAMS. ?*>>;¦
15 cases NEW GINGHAMS- In FANCY PLAIDS. SMALL AND
MEDIUM CHECKS, FANCY STRIPES, also SOLID COLORS,
Very latest styles and colorings.
Price lOc to 25c yard
NEW RIBBONS.
350 pieces NEW NOVELTY RIBBONS In CORDED LACE
EFFECTS, BROCADES, Pompadours and Fancy Wash
Ribbons. .
;V;:ui;" : . Price 40c to SI. OO yard
NEW LACES.. . ' : '
W« have Just opened a very Iarga shlpmsnt of NEW LACES •
In VALENCIENNES, NORMANDY, REAL and IMITATION
TORCHON, ORIENTAL and PO.NT VENISE. '
Price 5c to Sl.00 yard
Please write for samples of above goods at 'ones wills tha assortment
Our seml-annaa! *al» of Ladles' Fins Muslin Underwear
will be continued-all this week. : • :A
m, 113. 115, 117. 119. 12! POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r \
If the Cakes
are made
From.
The H-O CcTs
Buckwheat
or Its
Pancake Flour
the man
Is easily
appeased
V* J
. PAINLESS
. MMLV.I* i^"^ jjji; GEARY STREET
- ' Between Hyde and Lark la.
Telephone Polk 11S5. - .
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
fP"or • tae core of CONOItKHOEA^ GLEETS.
ETRICTURES and anal «rous complaint* of Um
Orr in* ct Generation.
Price 51 a bottle. For tile by drorttfti.
ADVERTISEMENTS.