CALIFORNIA LADIES WHO ARE NOW AT THE NATIONAL CAPITAL
BENDING ALL THEIR ENERGIES FOR THE PRESERVATION OF '
THE SEQUOIAS. '
.THE LATE EX-UXITED STATES SENATOR STEPHEN M. WHITE. THE PICTURE REPRESENTS HIM SECOND
ING THE NOMINATION OF BRYAN AT KANSAS CITY. IT WAS THE LAST IMPORTANT PUBLIC AP
PEARANCE CF THE BRILLIANT STATESMAN.
Continued on Page Three.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. 1406 G
STREET. N. W.. WASHINGTON, Feb.
21.— Notwithstanding the refusal of the
Senate to take action upon the French
reciprocity treaty the Paris Government
is willing to give the United States an
other opportunity to accept the Instru
ment and thus avert a hostile tariff com
bination of European States against this
country. Hopes of ratification of the
commercial treaty, by the Senate at this
session have been abandoned both by the
President and the . French Government,
and consideration has been given to the
advisability of extending the time set for
ratification. , The limit of time for the
ratification of the treaty" under the ex
tension negotiated a year ago is placed at
March 17. , .
The treaty has been before the Senate
for two sessions, and that body has had
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Feb. 21.— Early
this morning the famous Harvard pump
was blown up by vandals, and all Har
vard mourns Us loss. At 2 o'clock an ex
plosion took place, although it was not
powerful enough to awaken the occupants
of the dormitories, which are within a
few yards of the pump. Harvard gradu
ates of seventy years ago have tender
recollections of this pump, and the under
graduates of to-day look on It with simi
lar feelings. It was a necessary part of
the college, for it was one of the few
places in Cambridge where. a man could
get a drink of cool, pure water. It Is said
the pump willnot be replaced and the
well' will' be filled up. The present pump
was put in place in 1S32 and has remained
there ever since, ¦ doing its work faith
fully.' The head of a bomb has been found,
proving beyond doubt 'that it was a case
of premeditated vandalism.
FAMOUS HARVARD PUMP
BLOWN UP BY VANDALS
EXTRA SESSION INEVITABLE.
President Announces That It Will
Ba Called In March.
WASHINGTON*. Feb. a.— Three Umr.«
in as many days has the President toM
his callers that he believes an extra ses
sion Inevitable. Even stronger statements
by his friends were made to-day. Mr.
McKlnley Is reiterating his determination
so frequently that many persons are re
garding it as absolutely certain to oc
cur.
The President went further than ever
to-day by Indicating his intention to cail
an extra session to meet about two weeks
after his inauguration. This Is taken to
mean that it will be some time in th<t
week beginning March IS— probably
March 20 or March 2L The President still
desires an extra session primarily on
Cuba. Fresh information he has been re
ceiving from Cuba conveys rtie good new*
that the Cubans are manifesting a more
liberal policy toward the United States
Government.
i This. In the President's opinion, does
nbt obviate the necessity for an extra ses
sion. "While many of the Cuban leaders
admit the right of this country to In
tervene in certain problems connected
with their government, the Cuban consti
tutional convention has not attached to
the constitution any paragraph defining
the relations which shall exist between
this republic and the one formed In
Cuba.
ample time in which to consider Its pro
visions. The President does not Intend to
extend the time of ratification unless
there is prospect of action, as he Is un
willing to place this Government in the
humiliating position of being unable to
carry out engagements solemnly entered
into by the executive and which cannot :
be put into force because the legislative
branch willfully declines to act. At the
same time the President is . keeping an
anxious eye on the economic situation In
Europe.
It Is absolutely necessary for the for
eign commerce of the United States, ac
cording to. administration officials, that
the French treaty should be ratified, and
a desperate effort will be made to bring
this about before the session ends, even
though the French Government Is willing
to extend the time of ratification, j
LATE SENATOR'S LIFE IN BRIEF.
1SSS — Born nt Snn Francisco.
1871 Graduated nt Santa. Clara Collece. '
1874— Admitted to practice lavr before Supreme Court.
1SS2 — Elected District Attorney Lob Angeles County.
18S4 and 1SSO Chairman Democratic State convention*.
1SSO Elected to State Senate. H
1SS7 — Appointed Trustee State Normal School, Loa Angeles.
188S— Actinjr Lieutenant Governor. . f
1SSS Delegate at Large from California and clionen Temporary
Chairman National Democratic convention, St. Loali.
1SOS— Delegate at Large to Chicago National Democratic con
vention, Chicago.
l«c Elected to United State* Senate.
]g9G — Permanent Chairman National Democratic convention,
1£99 — Term in Senate expired.
1SOO Appointed Resent State ITniveraity by Governor Case.
10OO— Delegate nt Lnrge to National Democratic convention,
Kantta* City. Second nomination of Bryan for President.
the greatest statesmen of the land.
All the courts adjourned to-day as a
mark of respect to the dead statesman
and a meeting of the Bar Association, the
largest gathering of that organization in
years, was held In Judge Shaw's depart
ment of the Superior Ccurt during tlie
day to take suitable action on the death
of the distinguished member. Euloglea
were delivered and committees were ap
pointed to draft suitable resolutions and
to formally announce Mr. White's death
in the State and Ft-deral courts. Ten
honorary pallbearers were selected to rep
resent the association, and after the adop
tion of a resolution to attend the funeral
in a body the meeting adjourned until to
day.
Arrangements for the funeral were com
pleted this evening. Brief services will
be held at the family residence at 9 o'clock
Saturday morning, followed by a solemn
requiem pontifical high mass at the
cathedral. Bishop Gaorge Montgomery be
ing the celebrant. The remains will be
escorted to Calvary Cemetery by eighty
seven honorary pallbearers, the Bar As
sociation, Ratnona Parlor, KsMrc 90.03,
Chamber of Commerce and other organi
zations.
Mayor Snyder has Issued the following:
"With profound sorrow the Mayor of
this city announces the death of our dis
tinguished feilow-townsman, the Hon.
Stephen Mallory "White, which occurred
at his residence early this morning. The
eminent' station of the deceased, his high
character, his magnificent attainments,
his long and extraordinary career In the
public service, his unfailing: devotion to
the cause of the people of hla native
State and his splendid ability, which he
contributed to the discharge of every
duty, stand conspicuous and are Indelibly
Impressed on the hearts and affections of
all. '
"Deeming It highly proper that the cit
izens of our municipality should take the
initiative In perpetuating the memory of
California's greatest son. I suggest that
Immediate steps bo taken to erect, at
some suitable place within our city, an
appropriate monument, commemorative of
Senator White's public services, the cost
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 21.— Former I
L'nited States Senator Stephen
M. White !s dead.
The final summons came as a'l
men pray It may come, when
come It must. It was tranquil and calm.
It' came in such a gentle guise he hardly
knew where the earth life left off. But
the little grcjp of anxious watchers about
Ihe dying man's bedside knew that tor
fcirn day -would dawn never more. "When
the last moments cams this morning the
.b!??se<'. candle was placed In the expiring
- statesman's left hand. Then, opening his
eyes for the first time since he fell
asleep early the evening before, he
passed his hand slowly over his face as
Jf to brush away an Intervening veil that
Kept him from a clearer vision. Then,
•with but a deeper breath, half like a sigh
cf relief, he died, with the faith light still
burning in his hand.
Ever since his Illness, which he first felt ¦
Wednesday, a week ago. he knew that the
end was somewhere near. All week he re
tained perfect consciousness; Indeed, he
eeerced unusually bright and his intellect
was remarkably clear. Although suffer
ing greatly, he talked With unusual cheer
fulness to members of his household and
to the few friends whom he was permitted
to see. Thursday night he received the
Fserarnents of the church. Including the
holy facrarner.t cf extreme unction, at the
-hands cf the Right Rev. Bishop Horst
mar.n of Cleveland. Ohio, an old friend.
During Wednesday be told his wife to
k!ss him good night and good by. He
esked. too. for his family's prayers. About
S o'clock he fell asleep and rested well
until his hour of dissolution. About his
V^Gslde were the members of the family,
Tathcr Victor. Edward Dillon. Mrs. Judge
Re&naa and Charles Matthews.
It -was 4 o'clock this morning when he
breathed his last. The announcement was
startling to his friends and the community
£t larpe, for none except those of his im
mediate family knew of his illness. Dur
ing the day flags were placed at half-mast
' An all the public and many private buIJd-
V"-ge. The announcement of Mr. White's
. death was flashed over the country, and
rr.fe£ir.pr £ O f condolence poured in from
FRANCE SHOWS FRIENDLY
FEELING FOR AMERICA
CALL HEADQUARTERS. 1405 G
STREET, N. W., WASHINGTON, Feb.
2l._-Willis L. Moore, chief of the United
States "Weather Bureau, has written the
following letter to Senator Perkins regard
ing the establishment of a wireless tele
graph system between the Pacific Coast
and steamers plying the Pacific Ocean:
"I am in receipt of your letter inclosing
a communication from William H.
Knight. Los Angeles, suggesting that the
National Government establish a wireless
telegraph system between stations on the
coast of California and steamers plying
between San Francisco and the Hawaiian
Islands, Australia and the Philippines at
a point where they cross the thirty-fourth
parallel of latitude, about 300 miles from
shore, for. the purpose of telegraphing
meteorological conditions to the shore In
advance of the arrival of storms. We
are endeavoring to perfect our wireless
system for the specific purpose of doing
Just such things as Mr. Knight suggest?.
If our work proves out, as It now prom
ises to do. we will bo able to place our lake
find coastwise commerce at all times in
communication with our stations on shore
to call in shipping in advance of storms,
to receive reports from outgoing and in
coming steamers and collect meteorologi
cal observations from all vessels off the
Pacific coast which, on a given day, are
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
FOR THE PACIFIC COAST
Mrs. A. D. Sharon of San Francis
co, who are in Washington in the Interest
of the Calaveras big tree bill, which \3
now before Congress, have had several ln
tcrvlews ;wlth the California delegation
and leaders of the Senate and House re
garding the probable enactment of tfcat
measure at thii .session. The. matter Is
yet undecided.
Speaker Henderson is quite determined
In his 'decision not to allow the bill to
come up for consideration, taking the
ground that the State of California should
look to the preservation and maintenance
of the proposed park and that the national
Government should not be burdened with
Ihe great expense involved. The assur
ances of the probably favorable action of
the California Legislature on Governor
Gage's recommendations looking to the
future maintenance cf the park If the
Government shall purchase It do not en
tirely remove the Speaker's objections to
present consideration of the bill, in view
of the very Important legislation now be-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL.' HEADQUARTERS. 1406 G
STREET, N. W.. WASHINGTON*.
Feb. 21.— Mrs. Lovell White, pres
ident of the California Club, and
within range of our Instruments.
"Secretary Wilson Is fully alive to the
great benefits that would accrue from the
practical working of a wireless system
of transmitting messages. Therefore, act-
Ing under his direction, I began the work
about one year ago. I hope to be able
to report to the Secretary before the 1st
of April that our. experts have really
transmitted messages five hundred miles
on water. «
"Mr. Knight Is In error in saying- we
have transmitted messages five hundred
miles. We have only reached a distance
of between- sixty and seventy miles on
land, but we have stated that we believed
that we had an efficiency that would op
erate for five hundred mlles^ on water.
"Mr. Knight speaks of the synchroniza
tion of messages. I have to say for his
benefit that, notwithstanding erroneous
claims made by . others, no one has yet
accomplished this feat. I believe It is
possible to do so, and we have experi
ments under way that I believe will ulti
mately accomplish ' this much-sought ob
ject; but. when you consider that. In at
tuning electrical apparatus, you are deal-
Ing with vibrations of more than a billion
per second, it will.be apparent that great
refinement of mechanism Is necessary. I
can assure you we will take advantage of
anything that can be turned to the Inter
ests of the Pacific Coast."
i All of the members of the California
delegation -have .shown Mrs. -"White and
Mrs. Sharon every aid and ¦ courtesy In
their endeavor to secuie legislative action
on the bill and whatever the outcome at
this session the project has acquired a
standing before Congress which. In cas<j
of failure, will place :t in a better posi
tion for favorable consideration at tho
next session. The effort of the visiting
delegates of the' California Club will havo
borne good fruit If even this shall be ac
complished. It is 3ti!l hoped that the
Speaker and Committee on Rules of the
House may allow the bill to be considered
befcre the final adjournment.
fore Congress in Its closing hours Involv
ing vast appropriations.
Mr. Whlteside. owner of the Big Tree
Grove, has asked Mr*. "White and Mrs.
Sharon and the California delegation to
meet him to-morrow, when ho will make
a proposition regarding the disposal of the
property. "Whatever he nay propose will
not affect possible legislation in the mat
ter, however. ',. Before the adjournment of
Congress Soeaker Henderson will consult
: further .with the delecatlon and with .the
representatives of the California Club and
give his final decision In the matter.
The faculty has taken no action, be
cause the affair was merely a class con
test. President Graves says that he was
surprised that the upper classmen had
done things so undignified, but that noth
ing occurred which called for disciplinary
measures. The fight would be. a different
matter. The principals, however, expect
td meet secretly at some place beyond the
faculty's Jurisdiction. ¦ *
Robertson felt that he had not received
fair treatment at the hands of the juniors,
so this morning he Invited Paul Harper
to settle the question in a personal en
counter. Harper accepted. The meeting
was arranged for this afternoon, but ow
ing to publicity it was postponed. The two
declare that they will fight in secret
within the week. Bare fists will be the
weapons. Robertson says that after he
meets Harper he is willing to go down the
line with the Junior class, one by one.
Meanwhile the Juniors proceeded to the
girls' dormitory and locked up the senior
co-eds in their rooms. Miss May Thomp
son proposed to Miss Hubert and Miss
Prosch the daring plan of escaping; by a
rope made by knotting' sheets together.
Ty-ing her rope to the bedstead. Miss
Thompson climbed out the' third-story
window and started down. When about
.three-quarters the way to the ground her
strength failed and she fell, striking a
stone abuttment and suffering painful but
not dangerous injuries. Miss Thompson
gave the alarm to the young men. who
immediately xeleased their classmates.
They proceeded ,to the dormitory and
freed the girl seniors. The trunk was
then taken into the university building
and the banquet held about midnight.
Guy Robertson fought like a tiger. In
the struggle he was struck by one of the
crowd, and he made It a personal matter
with Paul Harper. The two were sepa
rated and Robertson was thrown down,
his legs were tied and his wrists fastened
with handcuffs. He was laid' on the grass
for safekeeping, but later managed to get
his legs .free and run to a. neighbor's
house, where the handcuffs were removed
with a cold chisel.
The seniors had obtained permission to
hold a meeting: in the president's room
and pjan for class day. As usual, there
were to be refreshments, • and, as usual,
the Juniors determined to share the good
things. By secret service work the Juniors
learned that an adjacent grocery had the
pies, cakes and other eatables. Several of
the class went to the grocery and asked
for the goods. Believing them to.be se
niors, the clerk unsuspectingly turned
over the boxes. Later In the afternoon
the seniors learned of their loss.'; They
began to do a little detective work. At
about dusk Guy Robertson discovered
that the stolen sweets were In Howard
Cosgrove's trunk at the Sigma Nuffrater
nlty house. While the occupants were at
dinner Robertson, who Is a member of the
fraternity, admitted two other seniors,
who carried off the trunk, not knowing
that besides the eatables it contained Cos
grove's clothes and about $100 In cash.
The Juniors soon found that they were
outwitted. They placed a guard around
the main building": atHhe . univer^rfy.'ysSf
that, tho trunk conld-ifot be taken In. "• It
was left under guard in the trees near by.
Then the Juniors decided to make the se
niors" meeting impossible. As each senior
appeared he was set upon by a crowd of
Juniors, overpowered and bound. Clarence
McDonald. Carl Reeves and the Rev. Mr.
Vail' were overcome by force, though the
minister won ¦ the hearty respect of his
foes by leaving his marks on several of
their faces.
All this resulted from the Juniors' at
tempt to prevent a senior banquet. An
other chapter Is to be added when Guy
Robertson and Paul Harper meet In the
squared circle and settle their argument
with nature's weapons.
SEATTLE, Feb. ZL— A thrilling melo
drama was enacted at the University of
Washington last night. Handcuffs came
into play, young men were overpowered
and bound, several pretty girls were
locked In their rooms and one, escaping
by means of a sheet rope from a third
story window, fell and euffered painful
Injuries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Girl Imprisoned by Juniors
Badly Injured Wnile
Escaping.
Day ol Sensations at
the Washington
University. .
CO-EDS SLIDE
DOWN A ROPE
OF SHEETING
HAVANA. Ffb. 21.— The Cuban consti
tution, first submitted by the central com
mittee to the convention at the public
session of January 21. was signed to-day.
The president and vice presidents signed
first and then themielegates.
Senor Clsneros created a sensation by
refusing to sign. 'Several delegates en
deavored to dissuade him from his course,
but he was immovable. As the delegates
retired Senor Tamayo remarked: "We are
all Cubans, senor," and Senor CIsneros
replied: "Yes, when the time comes to
fight the Americans we will fight them
together."
Senor Capote, president of the conren
tion. will deliver the document to General
"Wood to-morrow. A copy In English will
then be sent to "Washington.
United States.
One Delegate Hints at War With th3
The artistic effect cannot be doubted,
but there are certain persons who hold
that a little less pomp and ceremony so
close to the White House wou!d have been
in good taste.
CTJBAN CONSTITUTION SIGNED.
At the White House and vicinity the
Inaugural decorations exceed In elegance
and beauty anything of the kind previous
ly attempted. The work is far advanced.
The court of honor along Pennsylvania
avenue, from Fifteenth to Seventeenth
streets, in front of the Executive Man
sion and the Treasury and War depart
irer.ts. is belns erected on an elaborate
scale. There is some criticism upon the*
plan of the committee In carrying the
court of honor into the White Hou3O
grounds, right up to the front door of the
President's house.
The accommodations for the entertain
ment of distinguished visitors on the In
acgrural stand at the Capitol will be bet
ter and greater than on any similar occa
sion. The seating space extends over the
entire east front of the Capitol building
from the Senate wing to the House wing,
with capacity for more than 3000 persons.
Under ordinary circumstances the pres
ence of Senator Hanna in the came car
riage with President McKlnley would not
attract more than passing: notice, for it
is according to a long line of precedents
that two members of the Senate Commit
tee shall ride to the Capitol with the Pres
ident-elect on Inauguration day. and Sen
ator Hanna heads this committee.
To put it playfully, if there Is ra!n tha
President will be sworn In within the con
fines of a glass case, like a piece of wax
work; in the second place, it has been
definitely settled that the President will
ride from the White House to the Capitol
accompanied by two members of the Sen
ate Committee on Arrangements. Senator
Hanna. as chairman of that committee,
¦will share the honor with Senator Jones
of Arkansas, chairman of the Democratic
National Committee.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. 1*36 O
STREET. N. W.. WASHINGTON*. Feb.
21. — Two important questions have been
settled relative to ceremonies attending
the second Inauguration of President Mc-
Klnley. The first problem solved by the
committee of arrangements la the safe
guarding of the President's health while
he Is delivering h!s Inaugural address
from the east front of the Capitol. Mr.
Wood, the architect In charge of the work
of stand building, has decided to erect a
cover or canopy over that part of the
stand occupied by the President. ShouM
the weather be Intensely severe prepara
tions are made for enveloping the Presi
dential stand In a glass case to shut out
wind or cold weather.
Special Dtsi>atch to The Can.
Much' Pomp and Ceremony
to Attend the Pro
- ceedings.
Plans for Protecting
the Health at the
President.
MAY CONDUCT
INAUGURATION
IN CLASS CASE
STEPHEN MALLORY WHITE,
NOTABLE LAWYER AND STATESMAN,
IS SUDDENLY CALLED BY DEATH
Distinguished /Southern Calif ornian Passes Away at
His Home in Los Angeles After a Long and Suc
cessful Career in City, State and National Life
SPEAKER HENDERSON
IMPERILS THE LIFE OF
CALAVERAS TREES
Presiding Officer of House of Repre
sentatives Reluctant to Permit
Consideration of Pending Bill
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1903.
VOLUME LXXXIX—NQ 84.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
dtUKgi^ts, refund the money, If^it fails to cure.
E. W.'Grbve's'elgnature is oa each box. SSo, •
RAIDERS HABASS KOREANS.
for Protection.
Hermit Kingdom Appeals to Hussia
VICTORIA, B. C, Feb. 21.— The Chi
nese driven out of Manchuria and the
Russian soldiers who were pursuing them
have been guilty of depredations alonsj
tha northern border of Korea, forcing the
Government of the little kingdom to ap
peal to the Russian Minister for protec
tion. The army of Korea is unable to
cope with ' the raiders, who have been
looting farms and villages. 1 One of
tho Korean Islands has been occupied by
th& Russians. On the Government ask
ing for more definite news a reply came
that the Russians had occupied Hun
chan and were advancing toward Kirin,
and \nat the Chinese regulars and the
Boxers had taken refuge on the east
bank of the Tumen and were raiding in
the vicinity. "
DEBANJA IS CONVICTED.
STOCKTON, Feb. 21.— John Deranja was
convicted of manslaughter to-day for the
murder of Peter Iggla on Union Island
last Thanksgiving day. The jury was out
only a half-hour, and the defendant was
quite hopeful when the twelve men filed
Into the courtroom. He turned very pale
wh»n ¦ the verdict was announced and
called for-aslass of water to keep from
deranja and Iggia quarreled over the
possession of some straw, lggia. started
toward Deranja with a pitchfork, and
the latter fired both barrels of a shotgun
Into his partner, killing him instantly.
t " - : . ¦
the Hon. William P. La wlor, in placing at the
cirvlce of your committee the courtroom of
Department 11 of . the- Superior Court of said
.city .and. county. Moreover., your committee
wishes in an espexial manner to compliment
and thank the Hon. John Lackmann, Sheriff of
said city and county, and his deputies, for
freir able and conscientious labors In the
course of the Investigation now concluded.
J. R. KNOWLAND, Chairman.
E. L. WEBBER,
t*. SCHILLIO.
..,'¦„ ELI WRIGHT. '
J. W. P. LAIRD.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 21.— Chairman
Knowland presented this evening
the report of the special commit
tee to investigate the scandals in
the San Francisco Police Department.' On
motion of Feliz its* consideration -was
made a special order for next Wednesday.
Following is the report:
ASSEMBLY CHAMBER,
SACUAMEXTO, February 21, 1901.
Mr. Epeaker: Your select committee of five,
appointed pursuant to a resolution offered by
Mr. Fisk and adopted by the Assembly on
January' 31 1WH. directing that said commit
tee, immediately and fully, thoroughly and
carefully, Investigate certain charges affect-
Ing the Police Department of San Francisco
and the administration of the State's -laws in
the Chinese quarter of said city, beB leave to
report as follows:
That said committee commenced said investi
gation on February 4 at the city and county
of San Francisco and continued the same from
day to day until and Including the 13th day
of February. Klxty-flve witnesses were exam
ined, a stenographic report of whose testi
mony accompanies this report, and from the
evidence adduced and proceedings had and
taken, your committee finds:
I. .......
That James D. Phelan, an Major
of Sun Francisco, and AVilllnm 1\
Sullivan Jr., an Chief of Police of
Sun Francisco, did/: In December,
lOOO, make up their minds to- brine
about a policy .xrherehy vtoIntloiiH
of the- State's lairs against KamhlliiK
nnd proRtitution should.be tolerated
by the police. In Snn Vrnnclico'i
Chinatown, and nhould lie made u
source of mnnleipal revenue— —a
source estimated to yield $ 07,000
per annum.
II.
That James D. Phclnn, nn Mayor
of Snn Francisco, did, late In De
cemlier, 1000, call a meeting of the
Police Commissioners, the JudgeR of
the Police Conrtft. the District Attor
ney, ¦ the Chief, of 'Police, nnd tTro
captains of police '(Wittmnn ' nnd
Snfllnnc). nil of Snn Francisco, and
did at *ald niecilnnr advocate the
aforesaid, policy; nnd thnt at nnid
meetinK the. Police Commissioners,
the Chief of Police; and the captains
of police failed, to '"'take, a stand
nsilnKt the ..contemplated' com
pounding with lntvbreakerii.
'•' .-* . £ fri'vii . ,' ! V--
That after said ineetlnfir"; the Chief
of Police enrised ! to«be printed lesal
blanks de«iKncd\toibe nsed In exe
cuting: the *ai€l nulnwfnl policy, be-
Ktnnlnpr with."* the; opening: of the
year 1001. r > ,
Thnt subsequently,? .4n December, 1900, the
Examiner of San ¦ Francisco publicly directed
attention toseetlon 337 ; of the "Penal Code of
California, which. paid section made the pro
posed cempoundine felonious.
V.
That thereupon, by reason of said section of
the Penal Code and. not because of the volun
tary abandonment of *aid unlawful policy, the
said James D. Phelan and the said William P.
Sullivan Jr. ceased ¦: to proceed with their con
templated compounding. ' ¦ f . •
, S\|": :¦.-'-¦'. ¦ VT -
That thereupon . said Chief of Police deter
mined to ' withdraw from said • Chinatown the
special detail of *lx patrolmen and a sergeant,
known as Vthe Chinatown squad/', which squad
had for years been reKarded as: essential In
enforcing the State's laws against Rambling
and prostitution Jn said-quarter; and that on
the 1st of January. 19C1. he did withdraw said
pquad, glvlnR- ss.hls reason that he wished to
give the regular police " a i chance in order , to
try the experiment, v .' ••
VII.
That en" the day said squad was withdrawn,
and loner 'prior '. thereto, there were . In " said
Chinatown about sixty fantan resorts, - wherein
tho State's law, was' habitually ' violated, 1 most
of which resorts were on the ground floor of
buildings, and the precise location whereof
was* known to the said Police Department;
and that when said spedlal squad was so
withdrawn Fald Chief of Poli«e directed the
reRular patrolmen of said Chinatown to oblige
the law-breaking: to cease on said ground floor,
and to require the law-breakers to conflnethe
forbidden gambling to upper floors (as shown
by the sworn testimony of patrolmen on duty
In this quarter), thus showing a direct dlspo
sitlpnto tolerate Infraction of the law, pro
vided the infractions were committed at 4
Blven altitude.
That wnid James I). Phelan, an
Mayor of Snn Franclnco, ipcakine
nnder oath, acknowledged that .the
Mate's lawn ajtai nst «rn mhliiiK and
nrofttitiitton are habitually. .and ex
tennlvely violated In Maid Chlna
toYvn j -and that Mmilar. oiImlMHlonM.
had been made, to your committee
hy nald Chief of Police and by the
Captain of Police In who«e district
Maid quarter lies.
That white men and white boys frequent
Chinese lottery dens In suld Chinatown. ' *
That the said admissions are in .line with
the great mass of evidence produced before
your committee Independently • of. said Police
Department, which said evidence establishes
conclusively that the State's laws against lot
tery-playing, fantan and similar ' games and
prostitution are and for a long time have been
violated on a wholesale scale in said China
town. ' . ,
; X. ,¦ . .' '•
Tlint sniil Jamei D. Phelan, tipcnk
inpr under oath, estimated to roar
committee that to enforcp Nnid lawn
In; Chinatown would require the
presence there nl ISO .policemen;
tlint xiild Wllllniu I\ Snlllvnn Jr..
tweaking- under' oath, estimated to
your committee that «a id enforce-'
ment wonlil require the .prewenee in
xnlil Clilnato'wn of :5OO to KM) police
men; nnd thnt Wllllnm .J. IUkitj-,
ex-Chief of Police of «nhl city, like
wise npenkinfr nnder [oath, esti
mated to .yonr committee that Maid
enforcement could he obtained rrlth
thirty' policemen If 'enrneirtly di
rected, Mr. nijrsrr ntntlnsr that he
haftcd (Ills fsllwnlc on hlft expe
rience In Chinatown dnrin&. Mm in
cumbency. ¦ .-¦¦¦—,¦¦
¦ . ¦ • ¦ '¦-; ¦ ¦ -xi. ¦ '-y : >. .-;,."¦ ¦-;'
• That white men and white boys visit bawdy'
houses in said Chlnntown. '„, • . .
That the visits of white men and white boys
to said Chinese brothels and gambling- resorts
are and have been , so open-as to leave the
said Police Department -no reasonable excuse
for its professed want of knowledge in that re
gard. . i
XIV. .
That Chinese women and Chinese xlrls (mere
infants, frequently) are ; nought and sold ¦ . a*
chattels In said Chinatown, In violation of
a vital principle of our national life— a condi
tion of affairs that is a disgrace to the great
State of California. y..:.i--: ,
That the eald Police Department has been
bo apnthetlc In putting- down the horrible sys
tem of slavery existing in said Chinatown as
to Justify your committee in belleving-'lt crim
inally negligent: and that the , testimony of
saW Chief of Police shows that during, his
regime said department has not in a' single
case taken the Initiative in enforcing ¦ the laws
against such Infamy. ¦¦?'?.; '.,'
That said Chief of Police acknowledged, .un
der oath, to your committee that he had never
read 'the Penal Code It- Is his duty to -enforce;
ana. while your commiUeo disavows a disposi
tion to reflect on his reputation for honesty It
feels constrained • to . fay . that: he betrayed,
while testifying, a" want of | knowledge of the
laws of. this State affecting- said Chinatown
and a lack of alertness In the matter of.deal
ing with breaches of -those laws that is Inex
cusable., • .-¦;,'-;
That for years there has been n
Will Concur in Amendment Making
of Session.
It Operative From First Day
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 21.-Senate bill 133. which
means the revised Code of Civil Proced
ure, passed the Senate to-day and went to
the Assembly. It has a string 1 to it, how
ever, for it was agreed in the Senate that
an amendment in the Assembly making
the- bill Operative from the first day of
the present session would be concurred
in. The Idea of this was that all those
amendments to the code passed In the
form of bills during the present session
would be nullified by the provisions of the
code bill unless ¦when It were passed It
should be made retroactive so as to ante
date any of these amendments by special
bilj.
Cutter wanted the bill to go into effect
on January 1, 1503, hlj> idea being that if
there were any reallv*be.d features, in the
bill they would have but a few days to do
harm, for the session of the Legislature
would then be convening, and with two
years*, to study it Cutter thought the
legislators? could then amend it properly
and without delay. Senate bill 140, revis
ing the Civil Code, will be the- next, of the
code bills taken up. It will be put through
the same course as its predecessor. -'After
a few more amendments the Assembly
this evening passed Assembly bill 626 re
vising the Code cf Civil Procedure, to en
grossment and their reading.
• Assembly bill 6S3, revising the Civil
Code, was made a special order for Mon
day night.
PROVIDES TOR CHANGE IN.
STATE COMMISSIONS
Laird's Bill Would Abolish Many
Now in Existence and Establish
General Board. I
CAI.L. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 21.— Lainl introduced to-day
Assembly constitutional amendment 2S,
which, should It receive the indorsement
of the Legislature and of the, people, will
effect radical changes in State Commis
sions. , . .
Cy its provisions the Railroad Commis
sion Is abolished and a new commission is
established' having power of regulation
over railroads, telegraph, telephone and
electric linos, banks, trust companies and
water companies when furnishing water
to other than their own stockholders.
The commission Is to consist of five m<?m
borp. originally appointed by the Gov
ernor, the longest and normal term being
ten years.
As the terms of the first appointees ex
pire ' successors are to be elected by the
people. All expenses of the commission
are to bo met by fees levied on the com
panies ¦ falling within the commission's
jurisdiction.
Polytechnic School Bill Passes.
CAL-L. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 21.— The Senate bill corre
sponding to John's Assembly bill, appro
priating J5fl»000 for a polytechnic school* at
San- Luis Obispo, .was passed byy the-, As
rembly to-night " by : a vote of 51. to 1.
Melick 'alone opposed the bill, 'on' the
ground that the appropriation was not
adequate. to establish-. an > efficient school.
The bill will be enrolled at once arfd sent
to ths .Governor. The Assembly decided
to-night to hold no session to-morrow,
Washington's birthday. Adjournment was
taken to -9:30 a. m. Saturday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED. Feb. 21. — Bob McFarland.
who has been known for years to bo a
desperate character, to-night shot and in
stantly killed James H. Tucker, keeper of
a notorious house in the Tenderloin dis
trict. The trouble had been brewing for
some time, as the murderer had been con
sorting with the dead man's former wife.
Tucker 'was a short time ago divorced
from his wife. Since the divorce there
has been trouble about the settlement of
the property. „ . .
To-day their differences had a hearing
in court, and this evening they met in one
of the rooms of the Alameda House,
where they renewed their former quarrel.
Tucker striking the woman and throwing
he? into the street. Just about this time
McFarland made his appearance, and both
men began firing at each other. Several
shots were exchanged. Tucker was nit
twice. One bullet lodged in the temple,
causing instant death. Immediately alter
the aftalr McFarland started for town
and surrendered to the police.
Tucker when a young man Killed a
hunter with whom he was working be
cause he abused him.
McFarland's career has been an event
ful one. About fifteen years ago while
visiting the Tenderloin with a friend he
encountered a number of Portuguese, and
in the fight 'he and his companion
wounded tnree and killed one. He was
lodged In Jail, and escaped from It by dig
ging his way out, but was recaptured.
He afterward went to the southern part
of the State and shot another man. Clear
ing himself from that, he went to Mexico,
where he killed another man and was sen
tenced to be hanged, but was afterward
reprieved. .*:.-¦¦ - - •*¦ : - .¦; ¦':¦¦'¦-*
After killing Tucker he surrendered and
was placed in the County Jail. When seen
to-night he claimed that the murdered
man was lying in wait to kill him and
that after seeing -the pistol In his hand
he drew his revolver and fired five times.
The only marks he has of the affair are
powder marks on the wrist, showing that
the battle must have been at short range.
general impression, in and oat- of
police circles of said eitj-, that Chi
nese - lawbreakers have corruptly
purchased a measnre of Immunity
from enforcement In' aald China
town of the State's laws against
gHinbllnK, opium dens and prosti
tution, -f ¦ ..
That during the administration of Patrick
Crowley as Chief of Police of said city (the
tource of this finding being the sworn testi
mony or .said Crowley before this committee)
said Crowley was offered a bribe 6f $6000 by
the keepers of brothels in said Chinatown for
c. stated sort of police protection against the
State's anti-brothel laws, and that said.Crow
ley promptly brought the matter to the at
tention of the Police Commission of said city.
That during the administration of said
William P. Sullivan Jr. as Chief of Police of
sbld city the Chinese agent of one of the
principal Chinese gamblers of said Chinatown
sent to San Jose tor the Santa Clara business
rt-r resentatlve of said James D. Phelan; that
said business representative thereupon visited
Stn Francisco and conferred with said Chinese
agent; that said Chinese nijent, during, said
conference, offered said business representative
of said Phelan a bribe of $200 per month and
cfl'ered to pay a large sum every month to a
i>erson' to be subsequently agreed upon, the
stated purpose o£ both bribes to be a degree
of Immunity from police raids of gambling re-
Eorts in said Chinatown; that eaid business
representative of said Phelan forthwith brought
the felonious proposal to the attention of said
Pbelan; that said Phelan was Informed of
the name of the bribe offerer and tfie charac
ter of the proposal, but the testimony of said
Phelan does not disclose that he endeavored
to bring the offender or his principal to jus
tice.
! " That .within the- last two months
keepers of Chinese' Rambling resorts
in said Chinatown have aald to
white -men ¦ that police interference
with prohibited eambllns -was no't
feared, intimations being thrown,
oat that an . understanding existed
between -the police and the- law
breakers whereby lnwbrenkinj; 1
would be tolerated by the police.
, That while no direct evidence Is before your
committee showing the passage of bribe money
to the said Police Department evidence was
adduced pointing to the collection of a China
town corruption fund, and until there shall
te a strong and decisive effort to enforce the
laws of ' California in said Chinatown your
committee must feel that there are con
vincing grounds for believing that money does
pass, though the evidence is not sufficiently
clear to justify your committee In attempting
lo fay to whom.
- That there has been no attempt
whatever on the part of nntd Police
Department . to enforce the provis
ion m of Hcction :!<>:> of the Penal
Code, which make it a niindemeanor
(or any pernon to keep any minor
of ; either «cx In nnjr house of ill—
repute, and alno that there haft heen
an abnolnte dinregard of and no at
tempt irhhtcver by the Police De
partment to enforce the provision*)
of section 31ft of the Penal Code,
tvlilck iiinUr it a misdemeanor for
an>~ ' person or persons to let any
npertment or tenement knowing-,
that It In to be used for degrading
pnrpones.
It is also found that there has been an utter
disregard. of -and no attempt -whatever -to-en
force the provisions of Eection 328 of the Fenal
Code, which make it a misdemeanor for any
Krson to let or permit any building or vessel,
or any portion thereof, knowing that it is to be
used for lottery purposes, and also that said
I ollce Department has willfully failed to en
fcrce the provisions of section 331. of the Penal
Code, which make it a misdemeanor -to know
ingly permit any of the games mentioned In
section 330 of said code to be played,, con
ducted or dealt in any house owned or rented
ty the accused in whole or In part. ¦
'That, in view 'of all the evidence adduced,
your committee believes and « concludes that
the task of suppressing the slave traffic- in
this State will be made less difficult if those
changes be made ¦ in the laws >which are pro
posed in the bills now before the Legislature
and known as Assembly bill No. 768 and As
sembly bill No. 769. Therefore your comtnit
tPe . strongly recommends the passage of said
bills. ¦ •--.-, ..•;'...
But it is the belief and conclusion of your
committee that the laws of this State are ade
cunte in the matter of the suppression of lot
teries and Kambllrtff in said Chinatown: and In
tliis. regard attention Is Invlfed to'the code
provisions hereinbefore' referred to" and also
to the circumstance that the laws of Califor
nia contain other' valuable provisions which,
with- vigorous effort on the part of said Po
lice Department- and .the District Attorm-y of
said San Francisco, • . would quickly free the
commonwealth of the conditions. In said Chlna
tewn now .dUgracUiR.lt. , Those other provis
ipns may be summarized as follows: .
.1. It" Is well -''-settled at law that brothels
and gambling-houses ( (especially gambling-
N-usesi In which games, prohibited by law- are
played) are public nuisances.
2. Under "the act of February 7, 1874 (Stat.
1ST4,' p. 84),, houses of .ill fame; are declared to
be public nuisances and; common repute is
made competent, evidence, of. the character of
the hous?s. ' ' f' v ;z~''-
2. Under the act "authorizing and directing
district attorneys to bring suits to abate pub
\Vi nuisances (Stat. .1899. -p. 103); the District
Attorney of San . Francisco may, and when
directed by the Board of Supervisors must,
bilng civil actions in the name of the people
cf the State to-.abate public nuisances.
4 Chinese corporations affecting to be so
cial, clubs, but really ' carrying on gambling
rf sorts, may be bereft of their charters and
1m> dissolved by reason of their course In aid
of Illegal practices, the procedure in that re-
Bard being by suit prosecuted by the Attorney
Gtneral 'in the name of the people. (?ee Peo
lle'vs, Dashaway Association, 84 Cal.', 117
ond chapter V of the Code of Civil Procedure,
cud especially • section t?03 thereof.)
Wherefore, your committee' recommends:
That the Mayor, the Police: Commission and
the Chief of Police of said city and county of
San Francisco , proceed forthwith to enforce
the laws' of .the State of California in said
Chinatown, "v- ¦'.'¦ . . ¦. . .
That the District . 'Attorney ' ' of said
city and " county of San Francisco take
immediate action- to .bring ¦' about the
enforcement of; the laws of '- ¦ California
affecting existing . Chinatown abuses, both
by compelling action on the part of said Police
Department and, by instituting proceedings on
hi* own behalf. , And that should the said
Police-. Department ,or said District Attorney,
or either of them, neglect to- perform their
duty - in the premises : a' Grand Jury .of. snid
city -and county proceed. against the- derelict
public, officer or officers, /with a, -view of hav
ir.g them removed from office. .
-In conclusion, jyour committee, desires to ex
press Its thanks to the press of 'San Francisco
for ; valuable assistance given in ferreting out
the truths tQuchlng conditions , obtaining' in said
Chinatown, and 1 to express It* appreciation of
the courtesy -of. the Board of of
said city and county of San Francisco and of
James H. Tucker Killed by
'"• :y -Bob McFarland at
:..,,. . Msrced. •
Special Dispatch t» The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 21.— The Republican Sena
tors caucused this evening, and after an
hour and a half of talking they filed inio
the Senate chamber and announced that
absolutely nothing of the proceedings
wduld be divulged.
The' long session was due to a wrangle
<Tver -the disposition of Inyo County.
Not one of the four Senators whose dis
tricts the luckless county Joins would
hear of Inyo as part of his Senatorial
bailiwick. • Inyo Is foolishly and hope
lessly Democratic, and no good Republi
can wants it. Davis, who is of the pro
posed district of Amador.El Dorado. Al
pine, Calaveras and Mono, fought against
Including Inyo. Rowell of Fresno fought
against It., Caldwell of San Bernadino
would not have It, and Smith of Kern
would not have It. The matter was still
unsettled, when the caucus broke «P;
The caucus practically agreed upon
Congressional districts. Butte was
FRANCHISE BILL GOES
TO THE THIBD BEADING
Stands as When It Left the
Assembly.
All Amendments Are Defeated and It
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2L— The Broughtpn fran
chise bill was first on ir>e Senate's Assem
bly file to-day. It came up at 2 o'clock, and
It was close to 4 before all the amendment3
offered were beaten and the bill was sent
to third reading just as It came from the
Assembly. ¦ .
There were two committee amend
ments—one to reauire the deposit of a
check immediately upon the submission or
a bid and the other to make the provision
of the bill apply to renewals of wharf and
pier franchises. There was also a minor
ity committee report submitting twenty
one other amendments, but all of these
were lost. There was but one rollcall,
and that was upon the second admenil
ment. The rollcall wa3 as follows: Ayes-
Belshaw, Caldwell, Curtin, Lardner, Luch
singer, Rowell. Smith of Los Angeles ana
Taylor — 8. Noes — Bcttman, Burnett.
Byrnes. Corlett. Cutter, "Devlin. Goad.
Greenwell, Hoey. Laird. Leavitt. Maggard,
Muenter, Nelson, Nutt. O'Neal. Pace,
Plunkett. Selvage. Shortridge, Simpson.
Sims. Tyrrell of San Francisco and \v elcli
21.
Absent— Ashe, Currier. Davis, Flint.
Lukens, Smith of Kern. Tyrrell of Nevada
and Wolfe— 8. .;
QUARREL ENDS
IN FATALSHQOTIKG
WOULD LEAVE INYO
OFF POLITICAL MAP
SACRAMENTO, Feb. Zl.^Judge Cooney
of San Francisco, who was asphyxiated
at the Golden Eagle Hotel on Tuesday,
has not yet regained consciousness, and
his family and friends are less hopeful
of hla recovers'.
ASHLAND, Or.. Feb. 21— The Southern
Pacific southbound passerger train Xo. II.
which left Ashland this mornir.g two
hours late, was partially wrecked at 5
o'clock at Zuelaka. on the south side of
the Siskiyou mountains. :hlrty-two miles
from Ashland, by runnlrg into a. land
slide.
Two locomotives and the mall car were
derailed, but no one was Injured. A
wrecking crew was dispatched from,
I>unsmuir and the track was cleared and
the train proceeded southward ' # th*» after
noon. .^"~" '••*'^f.
COOSTETT STILL TJNCQItSCIOTJS.
Family and Friends Are LeS Hopeful
of His Recovery.
Injured.
Two Locomotives and the Hail Car
Are Derailed, but No One Is
drop}ed from the proposed First into the
Secont. and Tuolumne, Alpine, Mariposa
and Ajpno were added. This was done on
Davis" account, and much against tho
wishes of Selvage of Humboldt, both of
whom have Congressional aspiration*
Alendoctno was retained In the First Dis
trict, a winning for Selvage. Selvage re
fused t* go Into the caucus because of
the proposed addition of the four new
counties, Alpine, Mono, Tuolumne and
Mariposa to the First District, and Lalra
of Lasser.. and Lardner of Placer walked
out for tfe same reason. Lardner had
another losing fight, th* joining of Placer
and El Dorado to make an Assembly dis
trict.
The Eighth District vms spread over
the two adaitional counties. Tulare an 1
Inyo, wnich makes it more certain that
Inyo will go with San Bernardino to raaka
a Senatorial district
The Fifth District will include Santa
Clara and San Mateo. ftr Santa Clara U
npt sure of the Sixth district, even In re
vised form, ana would not go into It.
SOTJTHBO UND THAIU" IS
WRECKED AT ZUELAKA
Ue no discrimination" against these sub
ordinates. • If they were in' contempt, Sul
livan and Wittman were equally so.
:.. . Investigation a Farce. c ' »
Webber argued that the contempt con
sisted in the change of. date in the sub
poena. Macbeth argued that rto contempt
had been committed, the subpoena hav
ing been nullified by its service on Coffey.
Feliz said- the investigatlonwas a farce
from the beginning, not actuated by sin
cere motives. Instead of censure, the de
fendants deserved to 'be' patted on the
back. Carter said the defendants had
confessed to the act in contempt of the
authority of the Assembly. However, if
one were guilty they were all guilty, from
the Chief of Police down. Dunlap argued
for careful consideration and said that the
fraudulent use of the subpoena, was an
act in contempt of the Assembly.
Laird, a member of the committee, said
the proceeding of the Chief in the Cram
case had convinced him that the police
had tried to unfairly influence the com
mittee by giving the Impression that
Boyle, acting in the interests of a news
paper, was not trying to find witnesses
whose testimony was needed. He believed
the defendants ought to be reprimanded.
It was a concocted plan to throw dis
credit on all the evidence that had been
offered.
Kisk spoke In favor of the Knowland
resolution, and Johnson made a long ar
gument in the same line. He said his
tory was being made and that the As
sembly ought not to remit its authority
or permit detraction from Its dignity.
Brown of San Mateo and Cowan made
pleas that equal justice should be meted
to the four defendants.: The previous
question finally stopped debate. On the
completion of the roll call the vote stood
2y ayes to 30 noes, but the call of the ab
sentees produced two more affirmative
votes, and the Speaker declared the reso
lution of censure adopted.
Equal Justice for All.
Webber, a member of the Investigation
committee, moved that proceedings
against Captain Wittman and Chief of
Police Sullivan be dismissed. Schlesinger
and Guilfoyle spoke vehemently against
such action, in view of the censure that
had been visited upon the subordinates.
The motion was lost. Brown of San Ma
teo moved that Captain Wittman be In
cluded in the reprimand, and that the
case of Chief Suiilvan be continued one
week. Mattos moved as a substitute that
Captain Wittman be dismissed. In the
midst of the debate that these motions
provoked Wittman made his statement,
acknowledging his responsibility for the
issuance of the subpena.
"After the manly statement by Captain
Wittman," Schlesinger said, "I am in fa
vor of his dismissal. Such action will be
a complete -vindication of Wren and Cof
fey." ¦ -
Others thought that Wittman's state
ment should be rewarded by immediate
dismissal. Johnscn took the opposite view
an<J. insinuated plainly, that Wittman's
stand was taken rather late to be consid
ered manly. Flsk said bluntly that If
Wittman and Sullivan were not guilty the
subordinates were not, and If Wittman
were dismissed he would move to rescind
the motion by which • Wren and Coffey
were censured. On roll call Mattos' bud
s'titute motion received 22 votes to *2S>
ngainst it. A call of the absentees pro-'
duced 2 noes and a call of the House, with
some changes, left the vote at 28 ayes and
S5 noes, and the motion was declared lost.
Brown's motion was then carried by a
vote of 27 to 22.
At .the evening session Flsk moved that
censure of the three defendants be indefi
nitely postponed. The motion prevailed,
and the defendants were allowed to go on
their own recognizance.
A Motion to Censure Wittman, Wren
and Coffey Prevails, but the Sen
tence Is* Indefinitely .Postponed
.1
Special Dispatch to The Call,
CAT,!., HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. I- en. 21.— The Assembly devoted
a part of its morning session and all of Its
.afternoon session to the determination of
v. hethc-r or not its dignity had been placed \
la contempt by the" action of Chief of Po
lice Sullivan, Captain Wittman, Detective I
Wren and Joseph V. Coffey in the matter
of the Cram subpena. In' the afternoon;
the Assembly decided to direct the gpeak
*r to censure Wittman, Wren arid Coffey,.
postponing: the decision In Sullivan's case:
until he should be able to appear before
them. At night the Assembly partially
relented and postponed indefinitely the.
administration of the reprimand, letting
the defendauts go on their own recogniz- j
cnee.
The discussion throughout the day was
fraught with interesting features, and the
crowd of spectators that thronged the j
lobby and gaileiy vras amply entertained, j
The programme broke down, and every
new motion or substitute or amendment
produced kaleidoscopic changes, that
were entirely perplexing to those who
were trying to get a line on the probable
result of it all.'
In the early part of the afternoon ses
sion It became evident that the powers
t'.^at be had decided that the subordinates,
AVren and Cofley, were to be made scape
goats.
Apparently they had come to a realiza
tion of a weakness in their case and
tea red that an amendment to censure all
would result in the escape of all, and a
failure to secure a vindication of those
who had asserted that an offense against
the Assembly's dignity had been commit
ted. The case was threshed over in a
<iozen speeches, some contending that Sul
jivan and Wittman were innocent of any
offense. A strong minority, among them
most of the San Francisco contingent,
held that if the little fellows were In con
t< zr.pl their superiors, who were present
when the offense was committed, were
equally guilty.
Cheap Play for Favor.
Captain Witunan sat between Wren and
Coney at the bar of the Assembly and
lizard all the animadversions upon his
Mibordinates, and said not a word nor
asked the privilege to say a word until
the Assembly had adjudged them guilty
<t contempt and voted censure upon
them. Then, when he was placed in the
vortex of criticism, he made a cheap play
for favcr by stating, after receiving spe
cial permission, that he was present when
tiie subpena was Issued and that it would
not be the part of a man to de,ny respon
sibility. If any one was guilty of cen
s-ure, "he said, he was ready to take his
j;anishment.
%he bait was alluring. A burst of
tkeers attested the belief of many that
Wittman had done the manly thing. But
Johnson. Fisk and others felt that Witt
rr.an had kept silence too long, and in
ttcad of aisimsjinsr the proceedings
r.painst the captain — the motion under
consideration—censure was voted upon
him by a larger majority than that by
which Wren and Coffey were condemned.
Captain Wittman. Detective Wren and
Attorney Coffey were called before the
bar of the Assembly shortly after 12 .
•/clock. A statement from President New
hall of the Board of Police Commissioners
jt!itl froca Dr. John Gallwey established
the fact of the illness of Chief of - Police ,
{Sullivan.
Wittman Asks Justice.
Wittman and Wren waived the right to
the services of an attorney, and Witt
man was asked if he had any statement
to make. He spoke at some length and j
made an excellent impression upon the
1» gisliitors and evidently pained the sym
pa.tfcy of the spectators why crowded the
lobby. His manner was most respectful,
but was by no means lamblike, and he
look occasion to insinuate very plainly
that the journal that stood sponsor for
l!ie Investigation was willing to let It pro
<•«¦ e<I to a certain point and no further;
that it possible witnesses were likely to
£i\*p testimony inimical to its cause it was I
. announced that they could not be pro
ducea before the committee; and that the
Investigation Which had been welcomed
by himself and his superiors in the hope
that it would be complete and impartial
had stopped short of completeness and
Justice.
Once a happy reply of Wittman's
aroused the laughter of Assemblymen and
spectators. Carter essayed the role of in
tjuisitor nnd asked concerning the asser
tion that Witness Cram was put through
the ••.sweating process" in the office of
th? Chief of Police.
"Cram underwent no more of a sweat
ing process," replied Wittman, "than I
am undergolpx now."-
Welcomed Investigation. !
Whtman's preliminary statement was
c:- follows:
"If th<?r2 was any contempt committed
in the matter of the service of the sub
poena on Cram, it was not intended. Our
only intention was to aid the Investigating
committee. I appeal to the members of
that committee if it is not true that the
Police Department lent it every aid within
its power. We welcomed the investigation
and boped that it would be conducted
fairly and impartially, . and we offered
every facility we hatl to enable the com
mittee to make its work complete and to
reach beneficial result*.
••In rrgard to Cram, lit had been stated
bofore the committee I that lw could not
be found to be brought before it as a wit
ness. About 11:30 o'clock at night I saw
him standing in the rfoorway of a saloon,
and with Chief Sullivan- 1 accosted him, to
l«-arn how he had become mixed up In a
> far.tan came in Chinatown, as it was our
Iwiief that no while 1 man could gain ad
rr.istien to those games:. c His statement
put some, people In rather a .bad. light, and
we asked him if he would go with us to
the Chief's office and make affidavit to
what he had yaid. .He consented, and we
huminonefl Mr. Coffey to rake down the
statement. ... •..-.:
Cram Not "Sweated."
"Cram's statement In 'the 'office was
made freely and witbout dnreK*. Then the
question of his appearance the following
day as a witness came up, and finally
Upon *us;;restion of Mr. Coffey. Wren
wrote Cram's ratine in after Coffey' s on
the subpoena and" road itlh Cram. . Cram
appeared the next day. before the commit
ue. but testified to an entirely different
story from what he had told us. In the
language- of the street, 'lie gave us the
double cross. < . .
"Our- only idea was to bring before the
committee a witness whom it was assert
ed could not be produced.' Mr. Knowland
•trflj bear mo out that in other cases it
.was said that witnesses could not be '¦
found, and I produced 'them in ten min
utes." .'¦ ¦ " • * .
Knight. Webber and Carter had some I
questions, and then Johnson asked several
'questions relative to Wittman's knowl
edge and the knowledge of the Chief of
Police of the nature of the subpoena
Wittman rcplhxi that neither he nor the
P^hief read the Fubtioena.
Wren Stands by Wittman.
Detective Wren' Raid he 'Would reiterate
the statements of. Captain Wittman In
reply to a Question by Johnson, V/ren
said he <lid not change the date of the
subpoena, but that in reading it to Cram
he read the ifcite as the day following the
clato actually written in.
Johnson came forward with a motion to
postpone further consideration until after
the noon recoss. It prevailed against the
wish of a number of the majority to dis
' miss the defendants at'oneo. ¦ .
Immediately after the Assembly wns
called to order at 2 o'clock, Knpwland
chairman of the investigating committee'
offered a resolution that Coffey and Wren
were in contempt and directing the
Speaker to censure them. Brady offered a
substitute, thankincr the defendants for
their services in aid of the Investigation,
and Gullfoyle seconded the motion for its
ad9pticn. The substitute failed and a
long debate ensued on the resolution
Itself.?.
; • Cowan and Fchleslnger (spoke against
cerisure, and asserted that there should
CONTEMPT PROCEEDINGS
BARREN OF RESULT
LOCAL POLICE OFFICIALS ARE CHARGED WITH INACTIVITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 19.01.
ASSEMBLY LEXOW COMMITTEE
HANDS IN VOLUMINOUS REPORT
VIII.
IX.
XII.
XIII.
XV.
XVII.'
XVIII,
XIX.
XX
XXI.
XXII.
XXIII.
Republican Senators Again Caucus on
Apportionment and Make Numerous
I I Changes m Congressional Districts
CAUGHT BY CALL CARTOONIST YESTERDAY
2
SENATE PASSES. BELL
REVISING CIVIL CODE
To' Prevent the Grip
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne removes the cause. •
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
E-"""""" 1 * "" l " '" Kmmu \
Dependable Drugs
Helps to
Health
Th e Owl Drug Company *
Helps to* Health by "selling only
dependable drugs and medicines.
Every root, bark, chemical and
medicine we sell is the best that
spot cash can buy. Ir 's the best j
for you, for it will help to cure you,
if pure and fresh drugs arc wha:
Listerine 75c
• Swift's Specific 75c
Ayres' Hair Vigor 75c f
Cuticura Soap 15c
Pears' Soap 15c -
Belladonna Plaster 3 for 25c
Carter's Pills 15c
Pinkhara's Compound 75c
Paine's Celery Compound 75c
Pierce's Remedies 75c
Free delivery to railroad points within ! W
100 miles on all orders of $5 anJ up. i ~
I 112S Market Street
San Francisco
lOtK and Broadway Oakland
hfc 111 ¦ I ¦!¦!¦¦ ¦¦¦!!¦ II ¦IIMM1 !!¦¦ mti
/^sgS2&k one pjinrol
/^llk 30TTLE CURES \
I MCBUBNEY'S
**¦ J A thorough care lor
Q pains In tho bac k,
J - BRIGHT'S DISEASE.
24 r/ - femalo trouble?, incon-
1 of urine, brick dnst deposits. bed»
wetting of children, gravel, sail stcaea,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT
TIIE OWL DHUG CO.. 112S Market ft..
AND AT »
DAHLBENDER DRtTO CO.. M4 KearnT »t. A
Send 25c la 2c stamps to W. F. McBarney, {'"
41S S. Spring St.. Los Angeles. Cal., for 5 '-i
day's treatment Prepaid $1 50. Druss'-sts.
DR. WONO WOO TEA AND HS*B SA5ITABICM.
7B4-768 CLAY STR5ET.
jfiSSSiik, San Francisco. I>ee. 24. 1900.
»i«i«A To all whom It may i-^n^rn:
I In December. 1S9^. I was tak-
'Hf> J « n Sic* with Blac.t Typhoid
fljj 7 ' Fever, the most virulent type
\p*^»k known to medical science. I
-Jyrf^Vv had hemorrhages, both nasal
*r^^^*%^y anfl intestinal, eight of tha
y&M%timW Matter occurring in one -lav.
*O'y<iJ3fcli» Dr. Wong: Woo, tha eminent ¦
Chinese physician, was called, and with ona
dose of his tea stopped the How of blood, there-
by savins my life, as I had «f« n *il en -,1 P r !£
my white physician, as well as ".¦«»*
friends. Was unconscious four weeka. J but by Dr.
Wong Woo's wonderful skill he ¦»*•«"£ !«•
from thi» most fatal of all £ ver9 - m A 1 A h , 0UK J» *
was confined to my bed t hree ln IB ?£ tfc £; ftl w *»
able to resume my vocation in six months
from the time I went to bed. and now I
weteh 2C pounds, more than I had ever at-
£iJ?ii Previous y I would cheerfully recom-
£erd Dr^ Wong Woo to any one In need of a
JT™? M.T.ii'iihvsicInn for any caus» whatsoever.
-RALPlT X. FOLKS. 315 Golden Gate av*.
San Fraaclgco. Cal. ¦
OB .MEYEHS&CO. jgSto-
Specialists. Disease zj&f
and weakness of SB£ img. jfTJ
men. Established 72W 2f3&K@R%
18S1. Consultation 1»B ,f^~ \*-f
and private -book V«\.l /,<-A|
free, at office or by jSS^L' V i
mail. Cures gruar- rv^pj^fear V
anteed. 7111 Mar- |s s5SS»aH»9»
ket street (elevator l^iSPS?
entrance). San ->liV/i w£&3&^
• Francisco. +*£23&^Sl£s'\sa&&i55t*
They say Bernhar'dt is a lit-
tle cross at times. Head •what
a special reporter of the Sun-
day Call has to say in next
Sunday's Magazine Section.Ireland.
LONDON. Fob. 21.— John Redmond In
the' House of Commons to-day moved an"
amendment favoring a system of compui
sory sale of lands, in Ireland. The. only
permanent, solution of the Irish land
question, he said, was the immediate cre
ntion of an occupying proprietary. The
amendment was secondert.by 'Thomas \V.
Russell, Llberal-Union ! st, who asked:
' "What Is it not worth to end this land
question forever? From this day forward
Parliament had a' new Ireland to deal
with." *
Although a, Unionist, he said, he-in
tended to support this demand of the Na
tionalists: ;
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman said he
thought the fact that f>5 per cent of the
Irish members advocated purchase' was
the strongest argument in its favor
Mr. Russell then moved the . closure
which was carried by a vote of 251 to 13''
The amendment was rejected— 235 to 140 "
Defeats a Movement Favoring Com
pulsory Sal- of Lands in
COMMONS VOTES DOWN
REDMOND'S AMENDMENTS
ior senator to succeed himself.
In March, IPO), he was called East to
take part in a council of Democratic
chieftains, and on his return began to pre
pare for active participation in the hard
struggle which he knew was to follow.
He v.as one of the delegates at large from
this State to the National Democratic
Convention at Kansas City in July last,
and vras one of the most forceful person
alities there present. Ills eloquent speech
in seconding the nomination of Bryan was
an exhibit of his ability as an orator and
a statesman and the loyalty and energy
With which he followed his "words by his
action*; From July to the time of the
elect i. i in November he gave In full
measure his best counsels and work to
the success of his ticket, and when the
Democratic banners went down in defeat
he accepted the situation without murmur
and returned to his desk to await the next
call.
Mr. White held durfng his life a number
of appointive offices, the most Important
of which were trustee of the State Nor
mal School at Los Angelos. to which h*.
was appointed in 18S7 and served till 1S!U
and Recent of the State University, to
which he was appointed by Governor
Gage in JSM for a term expiring in 1901.
Mr. White was married eighteen years
ago to Miss Hortense SactHste of Los An
geles, who. with four children, the eldest
of whom is about 16 years old. are left to
mourn his loss. Mr father died ten years
ago. but his mother and four sisters, re
siding In this city, and his brother Ed
ward, living In Watsonville.* survive him.
Mr. White became a member of the Or
der of Native Sons of the Golden West a
number of years ago, affiliating with Ra
niona i'atior of Ix>s Angele?.
PRAISE FROM LEGISLATORS.
Senate and 'Assembly Pay Tribute
to the Deceased Ex-Senator. '.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 21.— Johnson introduced in
the Assembly to-dav resolutions upon the
death of ex-Senator White. He spoke In
eulogy of the deceased and moved the
adoption of the resolutions. James of Los
Angeles. Macbeth. Radcliff. Schleslnger
and Melick paid tributes to the high char
acter of the late Senator. Following are
the resolutions: < » t ,
Whereas. We have ' Just learned with un
ffler.eil sorrow of the death nt the Jinn
Stephen M White, formerly State Senator from
Los Angles County, and formerly Unite!
States Senator from California, and whereas,
at ." I £ n S, pn ? per that the fe*llniro of the
m£ %°.». Ca i'. f0 . rnla^ r *P r «'S'nte<l by the Assem
bly of the Stat«, Fhould be expressed in refer
ence to the life and death of one who filled
*o Important a place in the affalri of this
commonwealth, therefor* be It
"ff? lved - Th »t «n the death of Stephen M.
Whit* our State has lost a man whose every
act in private and public life was governed by
a desire to aid the State which was honored by
his birth and whose career as a public man
was free from blot or blemish or scandal or
taint of corruption, and who in his private
life displayed those amiable qualities which
attached men to him as with hooks of . steel,
reircrdlers of their political faith, and whom as
a citizen it was the pride and pleasure of all
to know and claim as a friend, and who has
by t&e success which attended his efforts in
1 traded general attention by hi? tact and
ability as a presiding officer.
In 1SS6 he was again chosen as chairman
of the State convention which nominated
Governor Bartlett. and was subsequently
the successful aspirant for the State Set;
atorship of the Thirty-eighth District.
In the State convention of 1SS8 White
was chairman of the committee on reso
lutions and was elected as a delegate xo
the National Democratic Convention at
St. Ixniis." At that gathering he became
at once a figure of national importance,
being chosen temporary chairman of the
convention and conducting its proceed
ings during a large portion of its session
with consummate ability and fairness.'
Durins: 1&<* and ISM Mr. White was Lieu
tenant Governor ex-oflicio. In 1E.V7 Gover
nor Bartlett. the Democratic Governor,
died ar.d R. W. Waterman. Republican
Lieutenant Governor, became Governor,
and Mr. White, as president of the State
Senate, succeeded to the office of Lieuten
ant Governor.
Mr. White In 1S90 made the question of
section of United States Senators by di
rect vote of the people a leading one. He
was at the time the announced candidate
for the offict? himself, and his speech be
fore the State convention at San Jose
upon the subject of Senatorial indorse
ment attracted widespread and favorable
comment.
He vigorously advocated the Democratic
ticket and argued forcibly against the
election of men to the Senate by corrupt
methods.
He received allof the votes of the Dem
ocratic minority of the Legislature, but
was defeated, only, however, to be
marked for renomlnation three years
later.
In the Presidential campaign of 1S92
Mr. White was active in the interests of
his party and engapred in a series of de
bates upon the tariff issue with Hon. M.
M. F.stee, now United States Judge in
Hawaii, who championed the Republican
side of the question. '
The Legislature which convened In ISM
consisted of 59 Democrats. 51 Repub
licans, 5 Democratic and Peoples,
2 Peoples and Republican. 1 Popu
list. 1 Non-Partlsan and 1 Inde
pendent. In the Joint Senatorial conven
tion of the two houses Mr. White was
elected on the first ballot, receiving 61
votes— those of all the Democratic mem
bers, one Non-Partisan vote and one Pop
ulist vote. He took his seat March 4, lSltf.
and frcm that time until the expiration of
his term. In 1S99. kept the members of th-^
national body mindful of the s fact that
California could send men d brains and
statesmanship to .represent 'her at Wash
ington.
Upon the expiration of his term as Sen
ator Mr. White returned to Los Angeles,
where he was received by the citizens
with one of the grandest ovations ever
tendered there' to a retiring public ser
vant. He at once resumed the practice
of his profession, but was frequently
called upon to do service in one capacity
or another for his people and his party.
He made some notable addresses In 1893
on the political condition of the country.
At the legislative session In the early part
or the year he was complimented by the
Democratic minority with the nomination
therenf to be defrayed by popular sub
scription, the voluntary offering of a
grateful people.
"As a mark of respect to the memory
rif this emlnont and faithful public ser
vant I request that the City Hall be closed
on Saturday. Fobruaiy 23, the day of his
obsequies, and that the City llall flag be
placed at half-mast.
•M. P. SNTDER. Mayor."
Brilliant Career of the Man Who Bep-
LAWYER AND STATESMAN.
Washington.
resented California in
Stephen Mallory White was born 'n
Ean Francisco, January 19. 1S53. He w-is
the son of Mr. and Mrs. William F.
"White, argonauts from New York. H>.
was related on his father's side to GeraM
OrifSn and the celebrated orator. W
Uourke Coclcran. and on his mother's side
to the well-known Mallory family.
The parents came arouna Cape Horn
from New Terk to San Francisco in 1S49
His father «*ng;agred In the .merchandise
business with much success until Sep
tember. 1K3, when, having sustained xe
vere losses by reason of the great fires
devastated the metropolis In ton
spring and »uinmer of that year, he
moved with his family to the Pajaro Val
ley, Santa Clara County,, where he re
dded for the next twenty-five years.
There young Stephen White passed the
*arly period of his life. His earlier edu
cation was acquired by home instruction
and then at the public and private schools
of the neighborhood. He wa:iwell ad
vanced at the age of 15, and was sent,
¦with his older brother. Edward, to St.
Ignatius College. San Francisco, and
then to Santa Clara College, at Santa
Clara, Cal. lie was graduated from the
latter Institution with honors in 1S71.
when but five months over 18 years oi-i.
and he at once began the study of law.
for which he evinced much aptitude and
which h« had long before chosen as his
profession.
The youngr man studied first with
Judge A. W. Blair, and then finished hir.
legal training in Santa Cruz under the
guidance first of Judge Hagan and after
ward under C. B. Younger. After two
years and a half of close application, and
just after h<» had attained his majority,
he was admited to the bar of the Su
preme Court. April. 1S74. In November
of the same year he commenced practic
ing In Los Angeles, where he thereafter
made his residence.
From the first White was successful,
and his r.ame soon began to be a familiar
one In court circles in the southern end
of the State. He was engaged in many
prominent case?, and his speech in ore
of these, in which the rlefendant was a
m«ii of large wealth and well known all
over the country, gave him something oC
a national refutation.
In 1S75 Mr. White made his debut as a
candidate for office, though he had al
ways been active in the political affairs
of his city and county. He was nomi
nated for District Attorney of Los An
geles County on an independent ticket
and. although defeated, had the honor of
running for ahead of his ticket.
This evidence of his ability and popu
larity put his nam? and service in de
mand from that time forward whenever
a political fight was on hand.
In 1S76 he was assigned a prominent
part with important duties in the can
vaj*s of the State for Tllden, and likewise
In 1S7*.
In 1879 he took no part in State poll
tics, presumably on account of the fact
that his father was a candidate for Gov
ernor on the Workingman's ticket, and he
had little faith In the prospect of that
organization accomplishing any of ths
purposes for which it was formed.
In 18S0 he was a delegate from his coun
ty to the Democratic State Convention nt
Oakland, and took a very active part In
Its proceedings. At the San Jose con
vention In 1SS2 he nominated Georgo
btoncman for Governor, and In the cam
paign which followed made a most vig
orous canvass of the State for his favor
ite. In the same year he was elected
District Attorney of Los Angeles County
m s- larger vote than was received bf
*ny r.t her candidate.
In 1SS* he wa* chairman of the famous
«t*.t* invention at Stockton, and at-
WHITE'S BRAVE SPEECH AT SAN JOSE.
Continued Prom Page One.
FORMER UNITED STATES SENATOR STEPHEN MALLORY WHITE IS SUDDENLY SUMMONED BY DEATH
SCHOONER IS LOST
BUT CBEW IS SAVED
Vessel.
British Steamer Signals News at Sea \
of a Disaster to an American i
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— The North Ger
man Lloyd steamship Werra, which ar
rived this morning from Genoa. Naples
and Gibraltar, reports that on February
18. in latitude 39 degrees 28 minutes, longi
tude 55 degrees 5 minutes, i»he spoke the
British steamship St. Quentin, from Sa
vannah for Liverpool, which signaled:
"Report American schooner Isaac N. Ker-
Hn, all hands saved." It is presumed from
this that the Isnne N. Kerlin has been
lost r.t rea and that her crew was picked
up by the St. Qupntin.
The schooner Isaac N. Kerlin left Jack
sonville January 23 for Baltimore with a.
cargo of lumber. She was built at Lees
burg, N. J., in 18S3,..and registered 34S tons.
The Duke of Westminster was married
at St. Paul's Church. Knlghtsbrldge,
London. February 16. to Miss Shelagh
West, daughter of Colonel William Corn
wallis-Wcst.
Since the return of Mrs.- Atherton the
Grosvenor family (the Duke's name is
Hugh Richard Arthur Grosvenor) hag
been engaged in an attempt to prevent
the case getting into the courts. The
Countess of Grosvenor. the Duke's moth
er, invited Mrs. Atherton to her house.
This move silenced the gossips for some
time. Then came the report of the ser
vice of a citation on the Duke of West
minster the day of his marriage, which
was disproved by the fact that the suit
was not then filed.
The Duke of Westminster, then Lord
Belprave. and the brother of a well
known South African millionaire, whose
r.ame has also been mentioned with that
of Mrs. Athprton. were at the same camp.
For a long time Major Atherton remained
in ignorance of the camp gossip, but
finally of his brother officers notified
him of the facts in the case. Mrs. Ather
ton returned to Kngland In October and
stopped off at the island of Madeira.
There she took passage' on a steamer
which was taking the Duke of Westmin
ster home. They arrived in- London on
November 3.
smart set. When Mrs. Atherton went to
South AJrica her husband's regiment was
with Lord Methuen's command at the
Modder River, and she preceeded thither.
Mrs. Atherton was at the 'Modder River
camp with other women when Dr. Treves
denounced tlte "plague of women" at the
front in South Africa.
LONDON, Feb. 21.— Major T. J.
Athertcn. second In command of
the Twelfth (Prince of Wales)
' Lancers, now In South Africa,
has filed a suit for divorce
apainst his wife, Mary Louise Atherton,
naming- the Duke of Westminster as co
respondent. The proceedings have long
been expected. Within the past thirty-six
hours a lawyer who is looked upon as the
leader of the divorce court bar has been
retained In behalf of the petitioner. The
case cannot be aired in court, at any rate
for some months and possibly not before
autumn, and the friends of the Just-mar
ried Duke may not succeed In compromis
ing the matter and preventing a trial.
But as Major Atherton is reported to
have already refused a check for £40.009
as compensation for the Injury he is said
to have sustained, the task ahead of
those who are trying to arrange a settle
ment, among whom Is said to be King
Edward himself, would seem to be in
superable.
Major Atherton ought to have succeed
ed to the command of the Twelfth Regi
ment when its late colonel, the Earl of
Alrlle. was killed In South Africa in June
last, but he was passed over in favor of
Colonel B. T. Mahon. who commanded the
British forces which relieved Mafeklng.
The respondent, Mabel Louisa Atherton,
is a sister of Sir Aubrey Paul, Bart.
She married the major in 1^)2. They
have one son. Mrs. Atherton is a
good-looking, stylish woman about S5
years old. She belongs to the London
THE DUKE OF WESTMINSTER. A BRIDEGROOM OF LESS THAN A
WEEK. WHO HAS JUST BEEN NAMED AS THE CO-RESPONDENT
FIERCE STORM
SWEEPS HOME
\XTork of th.e Prospectors Has Been
Almost Abandoned and Many
Indians Are Perishing
Throughout Alaska.
Frail Hou3es Destroyed by a
Terrific Gale in the
Gold Camp. /
TT'SCALOOSA. Ala.. Feb. 21.— The fate
of the thirteen neprro miners entombed in
the Asylum mines yesterday by a rush of
¦rater from an abandoned shaft is still
problematical. A third pump was put into
operation to-<5ay. It will take several
4syi to pump off the water.
Negroes May Have Perished.
There vras on<» storm in November,
proved to be the worst in the his
tory of Nome ard St. Michael. The wind
was terrific and the cold was intense.
Many frail honif at Nome were wrecked.
Miners who had prepared to leave for the
outside by the Katmai route were com
pelled to stay in Nome.
At St. Michael several steamers and
small Failing vff??ls were carried out to
*>ea or crushed in the ice. The Indians at
Nome and St. Michael are dying rapidly.
November SO coal at Nome was offered at
J50 a ton. The »wk previous it was quot
ed at from $73 to SI 1 *). At a muck election
liryan was elected over McKinl*>y by a
vote of 520 to S2-". Mrs. Hannah May Fox
died November S of typhoid fever. Her
remains will be sent to San Francisco for
Interment next 5=j>ring.
The i<-e came in with a rush the Friday
night previous to November 21. and on the
Sunday r.tght following went out aerain.
.A Chinook wind came up and then rain
fet in. The entire country was covered
with ice and slush. Tuesday r.tjrht the lr?
came in apain and the water was covered
in all directions. A year apo at this time
Nome had snow and ice instead of rain
and slush.
There are XhXi people wintering at
Nome, and 1500 scattered over the differ
ent districts, making a total of WOO peo
ple in the Nome section.
SEATTLE, Feb. 21.— Six pouches of mail
frcm Nome, the isolated gold camp,
reached Seattle late last night on the
steamer Dolphin. The advices are dated
November 23, and a careful investigation
leads to the conclusion that they are the
only authentic cnos to come out since the
close of navigation. A story was recently
6ent out from British Columbia aix>ut a
man having arrived from Nome, which
pla.ee he was supposed to have left late
in December, having gone into the Big
Salmon, stopped a few days in Dawson
end then came out. reaching British Co
lumbia February S. Old Nome men say
6tich a thine is a physical lmpossibllitv.
The preseijt advices say that work on
the creeks at Nome has been practically
suspended, although there is considerable
prospecting Kblnc on, especially in the
KouK£j-ok district, which is turning- out
much better than was expected. Blue
stone is proving rich, if prospecting can
be taken as a criterion.
Ej>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
FULLY IDENTIFIES
CUDAHY SUSPECT
Mrs. Wittus Says She Saw
Callahan Near the
Prison House.
Picks the Alleged Omaha Kidnaper
Out of a Line of Prisoners
as They March Past
Her.
ST. PAUL, Feb. 21.— Something of a sen
ration was created here to-day when tt
became known that Patrick Hussey, a
well known local charncter, and John £.
Lynp. a highly respected contractor o"
Minneapolis, had been taken into custody
on a warrant charging them with being
implicated in the abduction of young
Cudahy at Omaha. The warrant was
sworn out by John M. fiaum, who said he
was a detective from Omaha, but who. It
late.r developed, was a local "amateur
sleuth."
It appears that Baum. working on al
leged "clews." had developed what seemed
to him a gigantic conspiracy, which in
cluded a number of men and women, and
he told the County Attorney such a plau
slb'e story that that official issued the
warrants. Both men have been released
and the police officials consider the affair
a huge joke.
"Suspects" in St. Paul.
Causes the Arrest of Two Cudahy
OMAHA, Feb. 21.— The courtroom was
crowded when James Callahan, the al
leged kidnaper of Edward Cudahy Jr.,
was arraigned for a hearing before Judge
Vinsonhaler in the County Court this
morning. Three complaints— grand lar
ceny, robbery and false imprisonment—
were read to him by the County Attorney,
to all of which he pleaded not guilty. The
court asked Callahan If he had engaged
counsel, to which he replied that he had
had no opportunity to do so, and the
hearing was continued until Monday at 10
a, m.. at which time, Callahan said, he
would be ready for trial. Ills ball was
fixed at $2500 on each count, which he
could not furnish.
Mrs. George F. "Wittus to-day positively
identified Callahan as the man she saw
repeatedly in the neighborhood of the
Melrose Hill house where Cudahy was
held a prisoner. Various means were em
ploved to shake hfr judgment, but with
out effect, Mrs. "Wittus picking Callahan
out of a line of five prisbners as they
marched by her. at the City Jail.
AMATETJR SLEUTH'S EXPLOIT.
WESTMINSTER FIGURES
IN DIVORCE SCANDAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, ; FEBRUARY 'J2, 1901.
3
No event in the political career of Senator White per
haps had greater significance than his action in the Dem
ocratic convention at San Jose in the latter part of Au
pust, 1S90. White sought indorsement at the polls, at the
gubernatorial election to follow, of his candidacy for
United States Senator. He was ooinbated by a portion
of the Democratic press, and the party was nearly rent
with internal dissensions.
It was on the morning of August 20 that the commit
tee on permanent organization and order of business re
ported. All th«» delegates were in fever of excitement.
The sixteenth section of the committee's report, as pre
sented by Chairman Fopper, read:
"Sixteenth— Indorsement of a United States Senator to
be elected at the next State flection."
Delegate Ashe moved to amend the report by striking
out this section.
"I second the motion to adopt the minority report."
said White from his seat on the floor among the Los An
geles delegation. Fcr a moment every member of the
convention seemed struck dumb. A few of the brighter
minds saw the drift of his motion, yelled "Platform" and
White in response to the demand, which Increased in vol
ume every moment, Flood near the chairman. He reiter
ated his second to the motion and said:
"Recognizing that this great convention is assembled
for the general good of the public, and that it is gravely
charged with the responsibility for the welfare of the
Democratic party and the people at large, despite the as
sertion of my enemies and malice of those whose business
seems to be that of common slander, I have resolved this
day to sacrifice my highest aspirations in the Interest of
harmony and for the good of the party.
"I have been denounced, as you ore' aware. In many
ways during the continuance of my candidacy. Only this
morning I have been described as bearing a torch to fire
- the temple of Democratic unity. I need not say to those
who know me how false a charge this is. I would not-for
any cause act in any way that would lose to the Demo
cratic party a single vote, and since It seems there are
some who threaten the party because of the proposal to
indorse me I will give way. .
"It has been charge('that I have come into this can
vass from a spirit of disloyalty to my friends and wl'h
the intention of weakening the candidacy of a man who
has always boen my friend. This is false. I have n°ver
been disloyal to the party, nor have I ever been dislovil
to any claims of friendship. Heaven has manv bright
things for the human heart which adorn life, but* there is
not among them all any jewel which shines brighter than
loyalty to friendship. It Is In this belief that I live It is
in this that I act in all my doings with my fellow beings."
life shown that In this country lark of for
t«ne doe. not prevent a man from nt Ulnin."
In the Rift of the people, and be it further
n«-solved. That we tender to-the famlK- nf
a friend of the people, a 1-ader In pood works
and public servant of whom It could be sa'.l
at all times that h!* work was wHI don- with
an lamest and heartful efTort to do h'a' dutv
as he r.nderatoo,> it. and be It further
Resolved. That as a further murk of e«te»m
for his memory when this Assembly adjourn^
to-day It do «o out of respect for the iron
Stephen M. White, and be It further
d l f?y fl °eSssIa m an R d jfeffi l^th^^l
In the Senate Davis offered the foil™-
SnS? On8 v Whl " h Were ad »PwSa
Resolved. That wlsen the Senate adionrn.
to-day it .lo so out of respect to the mm™?!
of the Hon. Stephen M. White; that thl^en
atobf- California will ever prw*eU*2ftoSiI
t on of his ability and Impartiality as n nri
siding officer, though the vole- that stirred Tt
by its eloquence Is silent forever- that the
State lins lost a heart that always throb&l
for Its Interests and the nation a councilor of
nerve and of force and of brain and Intellect
and fouI that always made for patriotism
¦ Resolved, That a committee of five be' nn
pointed to draft a suitable memorial To be
spread uiwn our minutes.
By a resolution passed in both houses
to-night a committee to represent thi»
legislature at the funeral of the late «en
ator White was appointed. The commit
tee is composed of Senators Ashe Sims
and Lcavltt, Assemblymen Alden Antler
son Melick. Bliss rjid Cowan. Speaker
Pendleton and either Lieutenant Gover
nor Neff or President Pro Tem. Flint of
the Senate. *
___;,;_ '__"__ „.__.. ADVERTISEMENTS. ••-¦"• '-»'¦
It pays to lose sometimes. Merchandising always entails
a loss at certain period?. This is true in all lines of business,
and particularly in the clothing. This is one of the losing times
here. We are dispensing with profits on certain lines of clothes
for a short while. We have taken some sack suits and long
overcoats and reduced them considerably; first, to liven up
business in February- 7 :he dullest month in the year — and
also to dispose of certain stock to make room for incoming
spring goods. .
The suits are made of all-wool. material in dark and iight
effects of cheviots and tweeds in grays, olives, Havana browns
and mixtures; they formerly sold lor $10 00, $12.^0 and a
few at $1 J.OO
The overcoats are oxford gray cheviots, in the stylish
length to the knee, have velvet collars, are well made and
¦stylishly cu ; former price Sl^^o."
These suits and overcoats are now cut to
Every gaiment bears the union iabel — the stamp of fair
labor and good workmanship; our.'.'Yeargood" guarantee goes
i with the clothes also.
| There isn't a' reason why you should not buy if you are
\ in need of a suit or overcoat.
Men's all-wool trousers, made of gray and brown mixture
chev.ots, s'Zrs up to 44 waisf, former price $3.0*0; sale price,
Boys' Two=pieGe Suits 1^3
B >ys' two-piece suits in all-wool Scotch tweeds and aWk.
roiuh finished cheviots will be sold for one more week j^l^W^S^^l^.
at an ex reme reduc ion; the assortment of patterns is /^fe^i^l^Pl^k
extensive and represents almost every one's taste; ages /i^^^M^^^i^, y'A
8 to i£ years; good school suks; worth $^.oo and £6.00; MfM {Sj^jp Mi 1 1\
our own make; sale prices, £|; - /ppfplE fjl |J|
¦ $8,50 and $4.00
Sale of Boys' Shirts' "»»
I "of Boys' shirts, narrow and. wide • Wip| l! ' ; i| !^^^^
s> stripes, all colors, short stiff \i|p Ip^Kf
bosoms; shirts are slightly soiled, fefeiifla^ 5 '
JScol- but will be ail ri^ht after once at P^ill
B^ys'p'.aid gclf caps, all colors <-?*^illi
— .._. 1 harmonizirglyombined.^ceach. ®^^|L^
Out-of-town orders fiffoJ — write us for anything in men's or boys' 622^
furnishings, hats or, clothing. *•»•• *^
' .718 Market Street.
They say Bernhardt is over
fifty and looks but half of
that. Read wha: a reporter
who "suped" in the company
has to say in next Sunday's
Call.Kansas Saloon Smasher Will
Make Trouble by An
,;; othtr Method.
CARRIE MATION,
"POLITICIAN"
PHOENIX, Feb. 21. — The prison removal bill
was defeated In the Assembly to-day by a vote
of IS to 11. . '. : -
NOT5MAXN-F ESTATE.— The inventory and
ci>pralsem«T.t of ihe estate of the late Christo
pher Nobmann. w-hone will is now being con
tested In th«? 1'robate Court, was filed vester
«Jay. The appraisers find the estate to be worth
APPOINTS HARMS RECEIVKR.-Judge Sea
well made an order yesterday appointing J. T.
Harmes receiver of the Crooks estate pending
the final decision In the suit of Samuel R.
Crooks against Jonathan J. Crooks brought to
determlne%the Interests of heirs, legatees and
de\1sees under the will of the deceased. .
ALAMEDA. Feb. 21.— Two picked teams
from among the students of the Alameda
High School will compete In a. twenty
five mile, relay bicycle race to-morr'ow
The course will be from Central avenue
and Paru street to Haywards and return.
Five riders will ride live miles for each
team, ¦msS&'&aaB&mXMk
High School Belay Race.
Winners at Net?- Orleans.
NETIV ORLEANS. Feb. 21.— Weather fine,
track fast. P.«!>ult.«:
Elx and a half furlongs— Elsmore won, F.Ight
B*lls Fwond, Deusterswlvel third. Time
1:22',.
Half mile, F»llln? — n<juall*e won. Lou Woods
f~eond. I>benture third. Time. :VJ\.
Mile and tliree-clKhths. soUing-Falne Lead
Jim Conv.ay tsecond. Prince Real third
Tlm«. 2:24>,-.
OtJ* «nd a sixteenth n-.ll*'». handicap — Chorus
Tiny won. Barilla fwond. Hoods Urigade third
Time, i:49>i.
Six furlones— Hello r,f Elgin won. Hazel iloore
second. Oourteoy third. Time. l:10H-
One mile and seventy yards. Felling — K»Ia
Kll*-y ron. Synfopated Fandy s»»cond. I>agmar
thjrd. Time, 1:47.
ND\V YORK. Feb. 21.— The feature of
the dog- show to-day. was tho Judging- in
the committee for the.' general prizes of
fered by the Ladies' Kennel Association
'of America and the Ladies' Kennel'Asso
ciation of England. Out of the five prizes
offered, four of them were borne off by
Sen-Sen, belonging to 'Mrs. F.' S. Senn of
New York. The most Important of these,
and what is regarded as the most im
portant award of the exposition, is the
Ballyhoo Bey challenge cup, presented by
W. C. Whitney for the best American-bred
dog of either sex, any breed, bred and
owned by a member of tho Ladies' Ken
nel Association of America.
Sen-Sen also carried away tho champion
challenge cup presented by Mrs. Crarence
H. Mackay for the best dog or bitch owned
by a member of the Ladies' Kennel As
sociation of America, and the silver cup
of the Ladies' Kennel Association of
Massachusetts. ' • . . •
. Mrs. Howard Gould's cup for the best
bljick ¦ pup was won by her own Black
Knight. Port AVashineton, L. I. -
FOUR FRIZES- FOR SEN-SEN.
Star Attraction' at the New York Dog
First rare— MontallaSe, Amasa. Small Jack.
Second race— InocencU, Vafallo, Monastic. \
Third race— St. Elmonlan, Essence, Joe RJp
ley, ,
Fou^h race— Scotch Plaid. < The Fretter.
Gr«n4 Sachem.
Fifth race — Marcato, Quip, Nora Ives.
Sixth rs<-e— Hermofso, Maggie Davli>, Tlburon.
Oakland. Selections.
Sixth rac« — Futurity course, four-year-olds
nnd upward; selling.
J6JS Herrooso lOJi Mike Strauss.. 9S
1%H Tlburon 9S| UR67) Maggie Davln.102
UR8S) Teace 100. JCT Clarando 100
Fifth race— Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
t'pward: felling.
J**l Gusto U2| 18fl4 Quiz II 100
1W2 M!k» Rice 112 flW)5) Murcato 112
tm Mayd'.ns 107! 1623 Nora Ives UlO
Fourth rare — George 'Washington handicap,
on« mile, three-year-ol4« and upward: $1000.
1SS1 Grand Rachem 92, 1K9I Bcotch Plaid... 9S
1777 Imp. Broad'm. V8W1&M) Sea Lion 92
«l£04) Dandy Jim Sl!(lS55) Tha Fretter...ll5
<1X?3) Uarda SSI
Third rat*— One mile and fifty yards, three
year-olds and upward: purse.
IKS St. 61monlan..ll5 1&3 Essence 104
:SR9 Joe Rlpley 110 1S67 Ringnr.aater ...104
18SS None Euch 104
eeceua raee— Three and a half furlongs,
rc&iden two-yeer-ol'Js; purse.
ISM Inocencla. 1131 1«77 Vaeallo 115
l?»o Legato ._..«. .108 l?90 Mike Murphjr..ll5
1?77 Monastic 115i 1R65 F. Atterbury..lO3
1*77 Isar UOi 1K3 Gartha 105
Firtrt race— Five and a half furlongs, three
year-olds and urward: Belling.
17T8 Small Jack....in3| 1SG9 Prry Lark Ill
1K2 Batln Coat V* 1SC4 IMdalia 107
1O3 Amasa 113 1K2 Foul Play 107
1KJ1 Montallade ...113 1500 Hilary 103
1PT8 El Kara 103'
Oakland Entries.
First' race — Goal Runner, The Sinter,
Meadowlark.
Second race— Sol Llchtensteln, Rory Oug:h,
Lesal" Maxim.
Third race — Montanlc, Autumn, Flush of
Gold.
Fourth race— Hlldreth stable. Brutal.
Fifth race— Kansen, Novla, .Kdlnborough,
Sixth race— Andrattus. Selde, Impromptu.
Tanforan Selections.
Sixth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selllnc:
1886 Selde 103 1888 Andrattus 105
(ls$4)Impromptu ....110 (1801)Raveling UO
Fourth race— One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds; Washington's Birthday handicap:
1S49 Joe Krey 122 1S4!» Canmore 121
1R61 Rolling Boer.. .120 1861 Articulate US
(l$73)Janlce 11« 1747 Brutal 116
1873 Telamon 113 1546 Grafter ill
1S25 Silurian 109 1849 Beau Ormonde.lOS
1S01 Argregor 103
Fifth race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; eelirne:
1837 Novla 107 1 (1562) Royal Prize. ...109
1826 Edlnborough ...109 1894 Sweet Wllliam.109
(1691)Xansen 106 1S03 Hohenlohe lit
1SS2 Emile Zola 10»J 470 Earl Islington.. 112
Third race— On« mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; r>urse: . • * V'
18R5 Autumn 1001 1767 Dr. Cave 104
1S70 McNamara 1061 1S50 Burdock »..1O6
. 1S24 Flush of Gold..l04| 1SS5 Barrack 109
18&7 Prestome 106 (1895)Montanlc 106
" Second race — Three, and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; rmrse:
.... Sir Claus 113 (1787)Rory Ough 113
I860 Sol Llchten'n...ll3 1860 E. M. Brattaln.101
1S.83 Legal Maxim.. .103 1775 Yrsula 9S
Tanforan Entries.
First race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds an.l
upward; selling:
1R22 March Seven.. .ion 1?37 Wallenstein ...106
1798 Meadowlark ...109 1521 Goal Runner.. ..114
JS71 Salvado 117 1838 The Singer 106
134S Dolore 117 -
PRINCETON, N. J., Feb. 2i.— On© of
worst collisions In the history of the Am
boy division of the Pennsylvania Rail
road occurred at about 5:30 o'clock this
afternoon at Rust Ings siding, near Bu:'
dentown about eight miles south of Tren
ton. '
The "Nellie Bly? express from New
York for Atlantic^ City collided with pas
senger train No. 330, running from Cam
den to Trenton. The "number of dead so
far as known is »ten, and the Injured up
ward of twenty-five. A special train
which arrived at 9 o'clock from the scene
of the wreck brought four dead bodlos
and eighteen injured persons. The injured
were distributed among the three Trenton
hospitals. Other maimed passengers weie
taken to Cooper Hospital at Camden.
• Among the killed was Walter Earl, en
gineer of the express, and James Bir
mingham, baggage-master of the local
train. Most of the killed were Italians.
Frank Boland, a passenger on train No
330, art employe of the Pennsylvania Hall
road Company, had both legs cut off.
The doctors eay he will die. Michael Mc-
Graw, fireman on the "Nellie Bly," was
badly Injured, but is expected to recover.
Frank Thompson, engineer of No. 330, had
a leg broken and i3 badly bruised. He is
in a precarious . condition. Edward Gar
wood, fireman on No. 330, was • badly
bruised by jumping, but will recover. Ed
ward Sapp, conductor of No. 330. was also
injured by being thrown forward on the
floor of the rear, car" of 'his train. His in
juries are not believed to be serious. ¦ ¦
The Italians were riding In the smoking
car of the express train. They were being
taken to Atlantic City to do construction
work for tho railroad company. The twa
trains collided at full speed. : Both en
gines and the forward cars of each train,
In both instances a combination baggage
and smoker, were demolished. Tho wreck
ago immediately took fire. The second
car of the "'Nellie Bly" turned over on It*
side and the passengers had. to climb out
through the windows. In this they wero
assisted by passengers from the cars that
did rot leave , the track.
Ten Men Killed and Many
Injured in a Disaster in
New Jersty.
DEATH AMONG
CRUSHING CARS
AT 11 o'clock this morning- tho
Olympic Club cross-country tro
phy race will be started In
Golden Gate Park. The contest
will be a four-mile scratch ama
tftur team race.* Representatives of Stan
ford University, Oakland H-igh School and
the Olympic Club will participate. The
contestants will start in five groups, three
minutes apart, and every group is com
posed of one representative of the organi
sations entered. The names of contest
ants comprising each team will be placed
in separate hats and one name will be
drawn from each hat for each gTOup by
the committee prior to the hour of the
race. ¦ ¦
The club winning the. handsome trophy
offered by the Olympic Club will hold it
for one year, or until won by another
ISOO. SIXTH RACE-Seven furlongs; three
year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin.
1825 MacGyle. 4. 109... Henry 4 2 2 12 13
(lS75)Lizzella. a, HO.O'Connor 14 2 4 2 3
l<-01 Sublime. 3. 95. ...J. Daly 3 3 1 3 3 3 10
1S34 Beaut. BUI, 4, 112. Woods 2 1 h 4 4
Time— U. :26H: %. :3S«i; %. l:04H^ "». 1:32»;.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, C. T. Boots' b. p. by imp.
Iirutus-Ledalia. MacGyle outclassed his field.
L.l£zclla ran her race. Others no account.
Betting— MacGyle, 3-4; Llzzella, 2; Sublime,
11-2; Beautiful Bill. 60.
1SOS. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. »£. Str. Fin.
(lS71)l!«al!ne. 4. 105.. O'Connor 6 1 h Hj'll 1
IS'iS Invictus, 3. lOL.Buchan 3 4 1 3 2 2 1H
1*23 Mocorito. 6. lOS-Wed'etd 12 2 2 1 3 3
1S74 JoRep"ne B, 5, lOS.Henry 2 3 h 5 hi 4 h
1S71 Vain, 4. 105 J. Woods 5 5 14 4 H 5 2
1^62 The Ringer, 4, 102. Burke 7 6 3 6 2 6 3
1P39 Morelia, 4. 102 See 4 7 .7 7
Time— M. :25; U, :50%; 1:17*4. Good
mart. Won handily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. C. Lind & Co.'s b. m. by imp.
Olieveden-Rebecca. Isaline had all the speed
nnd won quite handily. Invictus ran a smash-
Ing race. Mocorito did not like the track.
Scratched— Nansen 100.
netting— Isaline, 8-5: Invictus. 10; Mocorito,
3: Josephine B, 5-2; Vain. 15; : The Singer, 40;
Morelia, £0.
Kettlng— Rio Chlco. 50; Prestome, 10; Walken
shaw, 9; Donator, 8; Imperious, 13-5; The
Phoenician, 13-10.
1SO7. FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse, $100.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. M. Str. Fin.
1S72 Rio Chieo. 5. 103..Buchn 1 1 h 2 1 1 h
1S74 Prestome, 4, 101 See 4 3 1 3 H 2 ns
1S3* Walk"shaw. a. lOt.Bzmn 2 2 h 1 h 3 n
1^23 Donator, 6, 10S Henry 3 5 4 4 1 4 2
1*74 Imperious, 6, 103.. Woods 5 6 5 H 5 1
(lf.;3)The Ph'n'cn. 6, 106.O"Cn 6 4% 6 6
Time— Vi, :2«H: "4. :E2^; ?», 1:20; mile, 1:47%.
Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, J.
Sullivan's ch. p. by imp. Chesterfield-Jennie D.
Kf.zeman on Walkenshaw should have won.
He rode a wretched race. Rio Chico surprised
himself. Donator closed strons. The Phoeni-
TIme-3-16, :19H; 7-16, :U%; 9-16, :57ii; 6Hf.
1:2S S 4 . Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner. Dr. II. K. Rowell's
fc- g. by Badge-Tweedledum. Gold Badge best
cr a bnd lot. Mountain Dew early speed.
netting— Gold Badge, 2; Birdie Stone, 11-5;
Mamie Hlldreth, S; Haralamb, 7; Mary Kin
solla, 20; Mountain Dew, 7.
1800. THIRD RACE-Six and a half fur
longs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse,
$40C.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. Str. Fin.
1S.% Gold Badge, 3. SO.. Walsh 4 2^12 15
1MS6 Bd. Stone. 3, S2.Mathws I i 3 2 3 2 IVi
1732 M. Hlldreth. 3, OS.Moade 6 5 1 4 5 3 3
1853 HarnUmh. 3, 90 Daly 13 2 3 1 4 3
1W M. Xinsella. 6. 87. Burke 2 6 5 5 5 12
1SD4 Mt. Dew, 5. 102.Weddstd 3 1 n 6 6
1SO5. SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; three
year-olds and up; purse, |1GO.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
1S51 Montanlc, 4, lO8..Buchan 2 16 13 14
US30) Wyoming, a, llL.O'Conr 1 2 124 2 3
1S49 Gonfalon. 4, HI.. .Henry 3 .4 4 3 4
1536 It. de Altar, 3, 99.Dangin 4 3 5 3 2 4
Time— H. :13H: H. :25H: Vi. :51: %. 1:31H-
Good start. Won handily. Second and third
driving. Winner, C. R. Ellison's b. g. by
Montana-Walnut. Montanic made his field
<".!zzy chasing him. Wyoming cut Oonfalon oft
budly near the finish. Latter would have been
cerond without interference.
Betting— Montanlc. S-5; Wyoming, 1; Gon
falon, S; K!o de .Altar, 12.
Time— 3-16. :19Vi; 7-16, :U%; 5^f, l:llV t . Good
slart. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, S. F. Capps* ch. g. by Cyclone-
Wanza. Bogus Bill best. Kweet William oft
r.cne too well, but had- no speed. Santa Lucia
stopped very badly. Scratched— Sweet Voice 97,
Brau Monde 103.
Uctting-Bogus BUI, 7-2; Santa Lucia, 3;
Sweet William. 6-5: Tom Sharkey, 50; Estro,
EC: Amelia Fonso. 8. - -
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
l$bl lV>gus Bill, 4, 104.Mrphy 2 2 U- 2 3 16
1SS2 Sta. I..ucia. 6, ICC. Brlgme 1. 1 2" 1 1 2 4
592 Sw't Wlll'm, 6. 103.Buch 6 5 5 3 T. 3 3
1SS2 T. Sharkey, 4, . 102.Wedd 3 4 >£ 4 2 4h
;1C»6 Ketro. 6. Ip3 Fogff 5 6 '5 4 5S
752 Am. Fonso, a, lOl.Burke 4 3 »S 6 6
TANFORAN PARK— Thursday. Feb. 21,
1901.— Weather fine. Track mud(\y.
lbt>4. FIRST RACE— Five and a !half fur-
Ioj.ks; selling; four-year-olda. and up; purse.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
OAKXAUT> BACETBACK-Thursday.
Feb. 21. 1901.— Weather fine. Track
heavy
1900. FIRST RACE-Flve furlongs; Felling;
mftlden three-y*ar-old» and \iy, puree, $30).
Infier. Korse. Wt, JocJc«-y. St. H- Str. Fin.
'.S»4 T. More'.Jo. 4. I0:..Bro.ln 2 S 4 H 2 1 J
;r* Companion. S. 101.. Domic 12 4 1 U 2 3
1»<H Hilary. 4. lOi.rauntleroy 5 4 4 4 3 S 4
1IJ4 Tristrian. \ lK..Howell 3 1 % 3 J 4 8
1ST* PecaJonE. 3. 1C3..L. Daly 7 8 5 % 5 S
•Ml LlKc «. IM Mounce 8 €18 6 1
1S» C Lucas. S, 101. .Ransch 6 5 2 7 1 7 5
1E76 8. Mans, S, lOS.MarEhall 4 7 1 6 ij 8 ;
Time-^. :i:»*: •». :37Vi; H. 1:044. Good
*t«rt. Won easily. Serond and third driving.
¦Wlnr.er. Llbertr Stable's br. h. by 'Morello
.'. ofie D. Companion tired chasing Trinraln
and liorello won with something to fpare.
Hilary away none too well. Others a poor lot.
Scratched— fk><irge Dewey 301, Illusion 101.
Bettlnfr — Toumsr More!lo, 30; ComparJ/>n. 7-5;
itllarr. 8-6; Trtstrain. f: reunions. 60; Lilla.
9; Carrie L-ucae. 63; Senator Matts, 10%
1801. SECOND RACE— Six furlong*; eellln?;
four-year -c!d« and up: purse. J3ID.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. 6t. H- Etr. Fin.
1&9 Duckor. 4, 106.J?assinirer « 3 n 1 1 12
;S.'<4 Good Hope, 5, lCJ.BuIlm ! in 3 2 2 2
1S7& P. Morrissey. a. 105. Dom 3 4 n 2 1 3 3
IT37 Prestl'gr'tr, 4. lOC.Howell 4 5 3 5 1 4 1
1«2S Almoner, 6. 109.. Mounce. 12 1 4 1 5 5
1»I7 Crchln. 4, 106 Stuart 5 6 6 6
Time— M. :25H; H, :M>4; %, 1:17>,,. Good
start. Won first three driving. Winner, H.
J. Jones' b. k. by Imp. Brutus-Decoy Duck.
The roing Ju5t suited Durkoy, who had a
larr* parcel of ppoed. Too much v.eight on
Good Hope. Pat Morrissey likes sloppy pcilng.
¦•Prr*ty" was inclined to run pome and then
oha»iirc-d fcis mind. Almoner found UmaeM
In tt>j gay company. Scratched— Mainstay 112.
nr-ttlng— Duckoy, 6; Good Hope. 9-0; Pat
Morri6bey, S-j; Prestidigitator, 5; Almoner, t;
Vivhln, 43.
IJ»O2. THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; maiden
two-year-oHs ; rurse, $350.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. »4. Str. Fin.
1865 Glendennlngr. llO.Bullm'n 2 11 11 14
ltd Pepper Pauce. llS.Howell 3 3 3 3 3 2 1
!tC5 Maraschino. 3I3...I>omr.k 4 2 1 2 n 3 6
Jt90 Torso Maid. 11". .Mounce 14 6 4 S 4 20
3877 Post Bell, 110.. C. Kusscll 5 5 3 5
Time— \i, :I3; '>. :Z2^i. Good start. Won
cleverly. Second and thir* driving. Winner,
Atk!n & Lottrldpre's ch. j?. by St. Carlo-Glen- I
llvet. TVir.r.^r ran a comply lookintr race. Pep
per Sa.uee out Of luck. Torso Maid outfooted
and in tbm depprpt g<Mnir. Po5t Bell failed to
Tin*. Scratched— Tyranus 110.
Bet tine — Glendennlrs. 7-5: Prnper Sauce,
7-2; Maraschino, 2; Torso Maid. 9; Post Bell,
mO.t. FOrRTH TtACE-One mile and sev
enty j-artl*; selling; three-year-olds and up;
rurse. tvn.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. U. Str. Fin.
HOiL'arda. «. llt...nullman 111 11 14 j
<:S2>>Ost. Joe. a. !<">;.. Moum-e ! 4h 2 2 2 5 |
!S» Homape. 3. K7 Itansch 5 2 v. » 3 1
1?7* Kiekumbob. 4. 93-Fauntl 3 S 1 3 2 4 «4
1S4« The Monk, 4. 102 t Domnk 4 Z 4^5
Tirr.e-T't yard*. :Wi: <£, :23\; u.. :i:\: \.
l:l."i: mile. 1:47»»: 1 mile 70 yard?. 1:52. Win
ner. J. IJ. F". Bmwnlnw's b. m. by Strath
more-Zuhlan. Uania apain r<**vlved the over
look. Joe <?id his best. The Monk -warmed up
like. » mnn troubled tvith ih<» pout and did
r.othln*r in the race. Kiekumbob In the bad
f<-K»t:rr.
Bettir.ir— farda. 5-2: Os=tl«>r Joe. S-2: Homage,
1"; Kiekumbob, 2"; The Monk, 11-10.
ItK»4. FIFTH RACn-Povon furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds; purre. $400.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. Rt. H. Str. Fin.
O**)I>andy .Tim, J!<i. .Turner 2 4 8 Hj l h
isr.6 nnllick. 30? Rullman 4 2h 2 1 2h
1SC7 Quiz II. 112 Mounce 3 3n 3 2 3 20
OR7ME1 Topio. 114 P.uiz 111 4 16 4 10
3R<3> Ravaasa, l r '7 Howell 5 5 5 5
Time— V :TP£; K. :K»i: H. :5:*4: %. 1:33*;.
Good start. Won f.rFt three driving. Winner.
Husrhes & KHiott's ch. c. by Rowland-Frances
Xlchols. Turntr on the winner put up a per
!«-ct ride. <jujz was oonter rush and may have
been burr.pf-d a hit. El Topio failed to last.
Betting— Dandy Jim. S-.i; Rollick. 6-5; Quiz
XI. 4; El Topio, SO; Bavaspa. CO.
19O5. SIXTH RACE-Flve end a. half fur
long?; felling; four-year-olds and up; purse.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. V,. Str. Fin.
15*8 Buffoon. 4. 105... Ransch 2 2 h 11 14
1SET Vn Cade»u. 4, 105.Kas«T 112 2 14 2 1
l«0 K. Oitbons. a, 103 IVimk 3 3 6 3 6 3 4
3S31 Morirga. 6. l«...i;ow»U6 E2 4 2 4 6
IRC7 P. Luis, a, lCS..F*-awley 7 4 >4 5 1 5 3
146« Montanus. 5, l^XImiTK-* 8 « 1 6 3 6 10
1«CS H. Thatcher. 4. WBulm 4 7 2 7 2 7 5
3S7« Swiftwater. 4. jr>.3.Stuart 5 8 8 8
Time— 3-16, 3*%:/-M. :4S£: 5Hf. 1:12%. Good
Hart. Won cleve *iy. Second and third driv
ing. Winner, H. J. Jones' b. jr. by Fordham-
Oeorgla Klnne«»: Rar.«ch astride the winning
horse, eaved *?round by a Fhort cut Into the
rtretch. K«w!e Gibbons tired near the close.
Moune* Mot)?a.mis refused to try. Scratch
ed— For^Flay 103. Barney F 105, Gold Baron
106, T..lly Briton 115.
letting— The Buffoon. $; T.*n Cadeau. 4; K«.r
tie. Gibbons. 2; Moringa. 10; I»orf Luis. 30;
Montanus. 6-2; Harry Thatcher, 20; Swift
water. 100.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
By Louis Honig.
THE smooth sailing of first and
second choices was suddenly
changed yesterday afternoon
when Rio Chlco, 60 to 1, with
Buchanan up, won the mile race,
the fourth on the card. Rio was "the one
far away and unquestioned rank outsider
—that is, before the race. Phoenician, a
7 to 5 favorite, and Imperious, second
choice at 13 to 5, finished at the "tail end
of th.5 programme, but that's the sad
story. This is the Joke: Rio took the
lead with the rest of the field closing in.
They all tried to catch him, but Walken-
Fhaw was the single flier that had a
chance. Up the back stretch and down
Into the stretch Rio came on In the lead,
Walkenshaw closing up the gap and Pres
tome coming into the play. In a hard,
driving finish the three raced their necks
off from the paddock to the wire. Rio
won by a head and it looked as if Walken
ehaw had made the place, but the Judges'
discriminating eyes settled upon Prestome
for the second honor, and Walkenshaw
for the Bhow. Walkenshaw sold- at 9 to 1,
Prestome at 10 to 1.
Rio Chico was played by a few habitual
leng-shot exploiters. Gus Abercrombie
made a winning of $2500 on the race, and
Mr. Zlnkand took away about $1000 Just
because Rio nosed out under the wire.
Bogus Bill gave the lie to his name in
the first race and redeemed the poor work
of the Jockey who rode him on the preced
ing day. Quoted at 2\i to 1 against the
favorite. Sweet William. Bogus Bill with
Murphy up won an easy five and a half
furlongs. Santa Lucia at 3 to 1 led up to
the stretch, but was then passed by
Bogus Bill. Sweet William came In for
the place.
j Montanlc captured the $100 purse from
such company as Wyoming, Gonfalon and
Rio de Altar. Wyoming was the favorite
at ev.cn money, Montanic being posted at
8 to 5. Wyoming's -start was as -poor as
Montanic's was good. Buchanan on Mon
tanic took tho bandmaster's position and
did the leading all the heavy way. ; At
the far turn Wyoming began to go up,
and O'Connor drove hard to catch the
loader. The advantage was too much to
be' overcome a*id ' Montanlc I took first
money, Wyoming several lengths of
bright daylight in the wake.
There was nothing to the third race.
Belling, over the six and a half furlong
mute. Gold Badge and Birdie Stone were
the fcnly hoofers -that counted. Mamie
Hiidreth, who got the' show, made a
strong fihlsh. • ,*". r" :
Ieallne won the fifth race handily. This
race was over the six furlong route and
was nothing but Isaline. Invictus got the
place and Mocorito the show.
Mac Gyle, Henry up, won the last race
on the card, seven furlongs. When the
stretch was reached Mac Gyle look a de
cided lead and was never headed, Lizzella.
third choice, getting the place. Beautiful
Bill was too handsome ; for the muddy
going. ;: v ;v^ ; .
AT TANFORAN TRACK
and holding, resulting in the downfall of
five favorites. Young Morello, ridden by
little Brodien, proved the star long-shot
performer, capturing the opening event
at odds of 40 ta 1. fairly well backed.
In the fifth number, a seven-furlong sell
ing affair, spectators were treated .to an
electrifying finish. Dandy Jim, Rollick
and Quiz II finishing heads on the wire
in the order mentioned.* As the stretch
turn was rounded the trio hooked up, and
at different stages llrst one; then another
looked the winner. Xash Turner had the
mount on Dandy Jim and was seen at his
best. He earned the verdict. Rollick, rid
den by Johnny Kullman, closed the post
favorite, while Mounco piloted Quiz. El
Topio, from the stable of Doble & Co., set
the pace to the bond for home, where he
st-nt in his regrets and retired.
Everything pointed to Companion as
possessing the most speed of the eight
starters in the Introductory scramble, and
with Dominick in the driver's seat the
filly closed a slight favorite over Hilary.
Trlstrain made quite a bluff of it out in
front for a time, with the first choice In
hot pursuit. Below the paddock gate
Companion showed signs of distress, and
Young Morello passing her, won almost
easily. Away none too well, Hilary fin
ished third.
Never at his best when the going was
inclined to be sticky or holding, Pat Mor
rtesey nevertheless opened up favorite for
the six furlong- run, next decided, and
later receded to twos. The smart ones
confined their betting operations to Good
Hope, and though Caesar Young's mare
made a very fair showing the 106 pounds
on her back was more than she could
handle, and Duckoy, ridden by the colored
lad. BasPinger. led past the wire by two
lengths. Morrissey ran third.
Bullman tossed the leg over Glenden
nfng. a fast son of St. Carlo, in the two
year-old dash, and the voungster won all
the way. He was played down to favor
itism and had something left at the fin
ish. Pepper Sauce took the place, a
length in advance of Maraschino.
Bookmaker Fred Cook's horse. The
Monk, looked, best on paper of the start
ers for the mile and seventy yard purse,
but his warming up gallop did not impress
bettors favorably and he cut no figure in
the race. Soon after the start Bullman
on I'arda assumed the front position, and
leading the entire route the old mare.fin
ished four lengths in advance of Ostler
Joe at the wire. Kiekumbob lost the show
to Homage.
Last on the card, a five and a half fur
long run. fell to The Buffoon, quoted in
the Tx>oks at odds of 8 and 10 to 1. The
outsider took to the going as a duck to
water, and handled to excellent advan
tage by Ransch downed Un Cadeau four
lengths. Katie Gibbons, the favorite, ran
a close uo third.
Track Notes.
The feature of the sport this afternoon
at Oakland track will be the George
Washington handicap for all ages, and at
Tanforan the Washington's birthday
handicap for three-year-olds.
Gus Bluhm and Jack Atkins were the
newcomers on the block at Oakland.
"Silver Bill" Riley cut in at Tanforan.
Bullman keeps up his good saddle work
at the track across the bay.
Gus Abercrombie cashed tickets calling
for $4000 over the victory of Rio Chico.
The Judges at Oakland questioned
Mounce regarding his ride on Montanus.
The Idaho pilot said the horse refused to
run for him.
The weights for the San Mateo handi
cap, one and an eighth miles, with ?2500
added, to be run at Tanforan Park to
morrow, are as follows: Waring 127
Vesuvlan 116, Vulcain 110, Specific 107, Au
tumn 102, Star Chamber 101, Lavator 9S.
Phoenlssa 88, Advance Guard 118 The
I>ady 111. Andrisa 10S. Gonfalon 105, Flori
zar 102, Wyoming 103, Imperious 96.
Four additional books cut in at Tan
foran yesterday, making fifteen in all. and
two field books.
By F. E. Mulholland.
UXDEU the changed climatic con
ditions the attendance and bet
ting at Oakland track showed a
marked Improvement yesterday.
There was a good-sized crowd in
the betting ring, the fair sex turned out
in liberal numbers and the eleven book
j making firms handled thousands In the
(Talg ring-. The track had become sogg-y
AT OAKLAND TRACK
Dandy Jim, Rollick and Quiz Finish Heads on the Wire in a
Hair-Lifting Finish at Oakland Track—Young Morello
Scores Almost Easily at; the Odds of Forty to One
The United American .Mechanics wUl
give a social at Odd Fellows' Hall: a rally
will be held at the First Baptist Church;
at West Presbyterian Church a sacred
concert will be given , and the Salvation
Army will hold a grand convention.
The committee on programme of the
Junior Order of United American Me
chanics and Daughters of -Liberty, who
to-night will, observe the anniversary of
the birth of Washington by a patriotic
entertainment in Odd Fellows' Hall, has
prepared an interesting programme for
the entertainment to those who have re
ceived Invitations. There will be an ad
dress appropriate to tlio . occasion by-
State Vice Councilor Charles Jacobs. and
musical and literary numbers contributed
by the following named: W. B. Bentley.
Master Spitzer, Miss Lydja Jacobs, Miss
V. Lilly. William Bandion. little Tryphina
Pritchard; A. F. Maphee, Joseph Kempe,
William Gwlnn, Daniel. Gorham and F.
M. Powers. There will be a dance after
the programme.
If the weather Dermlts there will bo
music In the park and the roads leading
to- the cliff and beach are prepared to
handle a large amount of travel.
A baseball game will be plaved thU
afternoon at Recreation Park and many
of. the theaters will give matinees.
A grand celebration will be held this
evening- at Metropolitan Temple under the
auspices of the board of management of
the Ygung Men's Institute. An exceptional
programme will bo presented and Presi
dent Wheeler of the State University will
deliver an address on "A Young 1 Mau'o
Duty to tho State." Some of the best
amateur professional talent has been se
cured for the musical programme and a
large attendance is exoected at the Tem
ple. . •
At the schoolhouses the national flag
•will be raised over the buildings this
morning and float from sunrise to sun
set. Old Glory will also fly at the mili
tary and naval posts around the bay, in
accordance with the law.
Tho general holiday will be closely ob
served. All the Federal, State and muni
cipal offices will be closed: the Judges of
the various courts of law will not 3lt On
the bench; banks, business houses and
stores will cease from business for tho
day.
The celebration of the anniversary of
the birthday of George Washington will
be duly observed to-dav in this city and,
though there, will bo no military parade,
as in former years, a number of event3
will take place sufficient to please the
tastes of every on«.
Gineral Holiday to Be Ob
served Throughout
the City.
WILL CELEBRATE
THE NATAL DAY
Hammer throw— Herreschoff '03, ¦ Vilas '04
Hartllne '04, Llgda '04, P. Ligda '04. Starr '04
Barker '03, Olmstead '03, Hamilton '03.
Broad Jump— Townsend '03, Olmstead '03,
Coleman '03, Minor '04. Cooley '04, Llgda '04
Hartllne '01, Cheek '04.
Pole vault— Barker '03; Symmes '03, Mayo "04
Starr '04, Wllcox "04, Culbertson '04.
Shot put— Edwards '03, Herreschoff '03, Olm
stead '03. Hamilton '03, Vilas '04. P. Lteda '04
Starr "04.
440-yard dash— Cadogan '03, Robertson *0S
Brown '03. Llgda '04, Harrigan '04, Graves "04
Wallace '04.
SsO-yartl run— Bailey '03, Clifford '03, Graves
'04, Jones '04, Woods '04, Todd '04.
One-mile run— Bailey '03, Goldman *03, Smith
'03. Stanley '03. Hell '03, Brcwlngton *03, Urinck
'03. Woods '04, Graves '04, Minor '04, Stalder
'04, Kerr '04. ¦
Two-mile run— Clifford '03, Goldman 'OS, Bal-
Iey '03, P. Llgda *04, Stalda '04.
120 yards, hurdles— Moulder '03, Symmes '03
Cheek '04, Harrigan "04, Meany '04.
220 yards, hurdles— Moulder '03, Symmes '03
Herreschoft '03. Goebel '03, Kruschke '04, Wll
cox '01, Cheek '04, Harrigan '04.
High Jump— Clifford '03, Cooley '04, Cheek '04
Titus '04, Vilas '04.
• 100- yard - dash— Cadogan '03, Townsend '03.
Brown "03 t Asblll '04. Glrvln '03. Abadie '03.
Ligfia '0», Vilas "04, Wallace '04. • " '
220-yard dash— Cadogan '03. Townsend "03
Olrvin '03. Herreschcrt '03. Asbill '04. Wallace
'04, Titus '04. .
The merits of the two teams are hard
to Judge at present. Many men with good
high school records are in the freshman
squad. On the other hand, the sopho
mores have Cadogan, Abadie and Town
send, who have been picked for winners
in the dashes. The freshmen, with Cheek
and Cooley in the jumps. Starr in the
vault and Vilas in the weights, claim all
the field events. The two-mile run has
been substituted for the walk In the list
of events in order to conform with. the
new Stanford-California athletic agree
ment. ,
Freshman Track Captain A. M. Cooley
and Sophomore Track Captain R. G. Clif
ford will meet next week to select offi
cials and arrange for the heats. I
The following is the Jist of entries:
BERICELET, Feb. 21.— The annual
freshman-sophomore field day will be held
on tho university cinder path Saturday,
March 9. The date was set early on ac
count of other field days which come later
in the term. Unusual interest is exhib
ited by both classes and a large number
of entries have been received.
Sophomore-Freshman Field
Day to B« Held Early
in March.
LOWER CUSSES
10 MEET OB TRUCK
At the beginning of hostilities be- V
twecn the California Jockey Club X
and the San Francisco Jockey •!•
Club which led to the relentless +
and costly war now being waged V
by the two big turf associations. X
hot, shot was tossed back and JL
forth by ,the adherents of each •!•
track. •{•
Among the many wild rumors £
sot afloat was one. to tha effect: j.
that \ Colonel D. M. Burns, vice 4.
president of the California Jockey •>
Club, not sanctioning the methods V
of Thomas H. Williams Jr.. prest- T
dent of the organization, had re- T
signed and would neither use his j.
coin nor power in aid of the track 4*
at Emeryville. ' •!•
All doubt as to the intentions of *f
Colonel Burns were laid aside by T
the receipt of the following tele- J.
gram yesterday: 4.
San Dimact, Mexico, Feb. 1O, i"
1001. T
Thomas II. IVUllaniN Jr., Col- 4
lfornla Jockey Clnl>, San V*
Frnnclscoi Have this mo- T
ment read with nnrprlse that X
Tanfornn hnd broken racing 4*
agreement. Alao tlint I bad 4
-withdrawn front Oakland •!•
track. You can state that I f
will stand with you and Oak- ***
land track forever. Fljfht to T
a finish. d. 31. BCU.VS. Ifl
Significant Telegram Sent
From Mexico to D. M.
Burns to T. H.
- - .Williams Jr.
BITTER WAR
TO BE WAGED
ON THE TURF
RIO CHICO COMES HOME LEADING
THE SPEEDY ONES AT TANFORAN
RUNNING OF THE RACERS AND PLAY IN HANDBALL COURTS
EXPERTS PLAY
AT HANDBALL
Highly Exciting Games Ara
Played in the Olympic
Club Court.
Mulvey Becomes a Benedict and D*.
faults to Birdsall — Garnett
Ferguson Meets His
"Waterloo.
There -was a large attendance at tfta
handball tournament In the Olympic Club
court last evening. The crowd yelled for
the players, coached them, laughed at
their vain efforts to land on the boundins
ball and made merry generally at the ex
pense of the athletes, who are striving ta
win glory In the scientific Irish, game. Th^j
players puffed and perspired, smote th«3
atmosphere with vicious swings and cut
enough capers to bring Joy to a dyspeptic.
George Birdsall. the club's heavyweight
overhand swiper, had trained faithfully for
his initial game, but Tom Mulvey. his op
ponent, defaulted. It developed that Mul
vey became a benedict the preceding day
ancl was oft on his honeymoon. Birdsall
accepted his victory with a gladaoma
smile and floated airily away Jerry
Johnson made Stanley Fay look like threa
dimes. The score at the close of tha
slaughter was: Johnson 61. Fay 19.
Then came John Cunningham, ana
Charles Melrose. Cunningham was in tha
pink of condition, having trained under
the watchful ey» of Al Lean. His train
ing stood him in good stead, as Mr. Mel
rose made him skip and jump sideways In
the court.- Melrose won by a score of 51
to 32.
W. McLeod and Garnett Ferguson put
up the hottest gam© of the night. Fergu
son, despite his handicap, was unable to
win from his far cleverer opponent Tha
score was 51 to 33. Lester Hammersmith
and Archie Taylor, better known as tha
"old man." then put In an appearance.
Lester played rings around his aged rival
and when time was called he had 40 ta
Taylor's 23.
On Sunday afternoon the following
games will be played: ¦ Powers va.
Rausch; Clawson vs. Clough; Bartlett vs.
Bogan; Magee vs. Hoffman.
On Monday evening George Birdsall and
Louis Levy will try conclusions. There is
a great deal of rivalry between them and,
the contest will be an exciting one. Levy
has beaten Birdsall in practice, but tha
latter claims that he will make Levy look
cheap. The other games scheduled for
the same night are: Johnson vs. Mc-
Leod and Melrose vs. Hammersmith.
Fruit Association Directors
Given Authority to Bor
row Money.
?
Special Dispatch \o The CalL
SAN JOSE, Feb. 21.— The biff pnino
combine will borrow $200,000. cr such, part
thereof as needed, for advertising 1 pur.
poses, establish agencies in the lar»e
Eastern cities, put scores of salesmen Jn
the field and put pretty young lady dem
onstrators In stores to serve prunes to th3
public in various forms in order to creata
a greater consumption of California's
dried fruit product.
Authority to do this was granted tha
directors of the California Cured Fruit
Association by practically a unanimous
vote of the members of tha association
to-day— 21S4 for to 219 asainst. What 19
believed to have been, a crisis la affairs
of the Prune Growers' Organization is
now passed, and it is thought the great
crop of prunes on hand will now be dis
posed of.
The called meeting of the Cured Fruit
Association to-day had attractetd the at
tention of the prune men in all parts of
the State, and those outside the county
had sent in their ballots by mail. Two
thousand of these had been received.
When the meeting was called to order
about 800 growers were present, probably
fifty of these from outside th» county
Acting President H. \V. Meek of Ala
meda County presided, Alfnsd Barstow
secretary. Most all the directors wera
present. Mr. Meek read the call for tha
meeting, and stated the objects of tho
amendments. *
The previous meetings of the fruit
growers held had practically decided tha
action of to-day's meeting. Santa Clara
Valley members had almost unanimously
favored granting the directors the power
asked for to expend money In advertising
and pushing the sale of prunes. The mail
ballots were all sealed, and some littla
fear was felt as to their contents.
W. W. Dunne was the first speaker.
While he did not sanction the whole policy
of the officials of the association h© urged
the growers to uphold their organization
and vote the directors power to expend,
money in advertising. . •
J. W. Robertson, J. A. Murphy, Dr. Koc
bUr of Gllroy and others »poke In the- sams
vein.
W. A. Coulter said a crisis existed that
must be met The question of the pack
er3 being able to collect the 5 per cent
commission allowed for the sale of prunes
had been brought up. Ho contended that
suits at law had demonstrated that tho
packers will not be able to collect tha
commission on prunes sold by the associa
tion through other sources. Coulter said it
was no time for Quibbling and urged tho
growers to support the directors. J. If.
Henry also made an effective speech.
Tho» whole trend of the discussion was
that the association must be maintained
and the officials given support in this
matter, although the previous policy oC
President Bond and the directorate wua
severely condemned.
The ballot then commejiced— at 11:40—
and continued till 3:30. There is a total
of 3707 members in the asr-ociation. and a
majority, 1SS4, was necessary for action. .
The total vote cast was 2433. Of this
number 21S4 was for the amendment eld
ing the directors power to borrow J20O.0OO
or less for advertising and advancing thj
sale of prunes. But 240 votes were cas;
against the amendmest.
KENNEL CLUB ACQUIESCES.
Pacific Advisory " Committes Now to
Have Sole Jrisdiction Here.
NEW YORK. Feb. 21. — The American
Kennel Club held its annual meeting last
night and considered the request of the
Pacific advisory committee for extended
powers. The special committee that had
been appointed to investigate the matter
made a unanimous report in favor of
granting all the requests of the Pacific
committee. The Kennel Club decided to
adopt the report, and resolved that tho
Pacific advisory committee should hence
forth have complete charge of all Kennel
Club affairs on the Pacific Coast, subject
to the light of appeal to the American
Kennel Club in New York.
VICTORIA'S FORTUNE
ONLY THBEE MILLIONS
NE"W YORK. Feb. 21.— A dispatch to the
Herald from London says: It can now b<»
stated on absolutely reliable authority
that the gross amount of Queen Victoria's
private fortune, including investments in
real estate, cash' in bank and personal
property outside of what rightfully be
longed to the crown, will not exceed £600.
000 (J3.000.000). The bulk of this consists
of city property, in which her Majesty
had quietly Invested. The remainder
stands In the shape of the cash balance on
her personal account In Coutta' Bank.
ATHLETES WILL RUN
THROUGH THE PARK
Amateur Sprinters Are to Compete in
a Four-Mile.Cross-Country Race for
Trophy Offered by Olympic Club
"MIDGET" WESTDAHL. THE OAKLAND HIGH SCHOOL LONG-DIS
TANCE RUNNER, WHO IS EXPECTED TO MAKE EXCELLENT TIME
IN THE FOUR-MILE CROSS-COUNTRY RACE.
club. The club or Institution winning the
cup three times becomes its owner.
The men have trained faithfully for the
race and are In condition to cover the long
distance at a fast clip. The start will be
made at the Baker-street entrance of the
Park. The distance to be covered Is four
miles, and the finish will be made a hun
dred yards from the starting point.
The drawing for positions for tho race
resulted as follows:
First group— Zschokke, Stanford; West
dahl. O. H. S.: Garcia, O. C.
Second group— Chadbourne, Stanford:
Redfield, O. H. S.: Killam. O. C.
Third group— Smith. O. C; Clough. O
H. S.; Hamilton. Stanford. '
Fourth group— Sprague, Stanford; La
ValHeu, O. II. S.; Taylor. O. C.
Fifth group— Stone, O. C. ; Taylor, Stan
ford; Lundle. O. H. S.
ST. ALBAXS. W. Va.. Feb. 21.— The safe of
the St. Albana Bank was blown open by rob
bers last night and a large sum of raoney
•was secured. The robbers escaped on a hand
car.
Mrs. Nation says the paper will be pub
lished for the special needs of the negro.
It will contain news about the temperance
cause in Kansas, and will devote much
space to letters Mrs. Natron receive*
from, her enemies and her sympathizers
Mrs. Nation will write the editorials.
Mrs. Nation refuses to go on any mor*
lecture . trips. A circus and theatrical
man has advertised* that he- has secured
Mrs. Nation for a theatrical trip. Kast
ern papers telegraphed Inquiries about the
matter.., Mrs. Nation announced that she
would not allow herself to be made a
"fool of for a million dollars a minute."
\Ve decided," she said, "to nominate
a clean man, a man who does not drink,
smoke or blaspheme. No others need
apply."
The newspaper that Mrs. Nation Inten-'«j
to edit will be published by '"NicE"
Chiles, the negro joint-keeper who signed
one of Mrs. Nation's bonds last week
David Nation, Mrs. Nation's husband. Is
coming to Topeka to help his wife with
th« enterprise. Mrs. Nation once edited
a paper In "Warrensburg, Mo.
These matters were announced by tho
crusader from her cell in the County Jail
to-day after one charg-e against her, that
for smashing the Senate saloon two
weeks ago, had been dismissed by Judge
McCabe. She is still being held on the
charge of breaking Moeser's cold stor
age plant last Sunday.
A delegation of the home defenders
called on Mrs. Nation In her cell room In
the Jail to talk about nominating a city
ticket for the election this spring. Mrs.
Nation, who has decided to become a
citizen of Topeka, at least for a while,
was enthusiastic.
TOPEKA, Kan.. Feb. 21.-irrs. Carrie
.Nation Is to enter politics and to be
come the editor of the "Smashers' Mail,"
a paper to be run In behalf of the ne
groes. She has refused tempting offers
to lecture, and will remain In Topeka and
help elect a "clean man" for Mayor at the
spring election.
Show.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1901.'
4
WILL ADVERTISE
THEPRUNECROPTwo cases occurred in Hungary laat
summer of lightning rods being melted
by lightning.
CALIFORNIA PISTILLIvKY COMPROMISE.
—Special Internal Revenue Agent Bert M.
Thomas has *ent to Waehlngtcn an offer of
compromise on the part tot G«»ori;e H. Malter,
proprietor of the brandy distillery at Antloch,
whereby Malter offers to pay a *50CO fine, plus
the taxes due, for bavins used blackstr&p mo
lafweii. in conslderattan cf the rslezsi ol the
distillery. • ,
There will be no end of enjoyment to
night at Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason
street, as a grand ball given by the Cooks'
Association of the Pacific Coast, Inc., will
taxe place In the main hall and one of the
finest suppers of the season, prepared by
the members, will be served In the ban
quet room. Tickets 50 cents, ladies free.
All the first class chefs of the coast are
members of this association. Those who
enjoy good things should not' fall 'to. be
one of the merry throng. ¦ ¦ ' •
MANILA, Feb. 21.— The police of Manila
claim to have obtained documentary evi
dence v/hlch they allege tends to incrim
inate Francisco Reyes. Italian Consul at
Manila, and Manuel Pevpoch, Consul ror
Uruguay, in aiding the Filipino Insur
gents. The evidence has been submitted
to General MacArthur:
Francisco Reyes Is also prominent as a
banker, broker and merchant. He is the
principal stockholder in the Manila Street
Railway Company. He is charged with
the circulation in the Philippines of a
newspaper called, the Filipinos Antos Eu
ropa, published In Madrid by his brother.
Isabolo de Los Reye3.
Manuel Peypoch, the Consul for Uru
guay in Manila, Is alleged to have acted
as a medium for the exebanee of money
in Manila used under the direction of the
insurgent General Trias.
Disclosures connecting Balbas, manager
of thf branch of the Spanish Bank in
Manila, with the Carman transactions ap
pear insufllclent to warrant his arrest
Manuel Lopez, millionaire ship owner
and brother of Sixto Lopez, Agoncillo's
secretary, has been in jail for several days
on -a charge of purchasing quantities "of
cattle from the insurgents of the island
of Mindoro. ...
Manila Accused by the
Foreign Representatives in
TWO CONSULS
ARE SUSPECTED
ORANGES A LUXTJRY.
Cawson Mfirket.
Poor Grade Brings S65 a Box in tha
SEATTLE. Feb. 21-— There Is another
big shortage of lemons and oranges at
Dawson and small fiozen varieties o"
each are selling" for $>5 a box and are n
good demand at that pilce. The principal
call for them is fi*im the saloon.*.
Candles, too, are scarce and are now sell-
Ing for $10 a box. The demand, however,
is not very large, as mcrst of the miners
are well supplied.
toward the place where Dewet was at
the beginning of the week, but they are
being pursued.
It is rumored in Johannesburg that Gen
eral Louis Botha is ruing for peace. It is
understood that in addition to the scar
city of food and ammunition, continual
hardships, coupled with the worrying tac
tics of the British, have told heavily on
the burghers. _ . .
"NO SURRENDER" SAYS BOTHA.
plars for His Followers.
Cites American Patriots as Exem-
STANDERTOX. Feb. 21.— A deserter
who has arrived here relates that Com
mandant General Louis Botha assembled
his men on February 2 and addressed
them, declaring that they should never
surrender so long as there were 500 left-,
lie would always be ready to lead them.
he said. Botha reminded them that thj
American colonies fought for more than
six years to secure independence, and ap
pealed to them to fight as long, or even
longer, if necessary, until not even a man
was left.
Some of the burghers replied that thev
did not .see how they could fight much
longer, as the British were destroying all
the crops and capturing all the cattle and
sheep, while the ammunition was nearly
exhausted. save about six rounds.
•¦".When this is gone," they said, "where
shall we get more?"
General Botha replied that the Lord
would provide them with the means of
fighting. .
BOERS CAPTURE A TRAIN.
Take What Supplies They Need and
Burn th.2 Balance.
JOHANNESBURG, Feb. 20. -The Boers
IT was learned yesterday that before
President Hays of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad left for the East he
received a delegation of the Poke
gama Sugar Pine Lumber Company
of Klamathon, Cal., and gave that body
every assurance of his support In the com
pany's effort to build a road from Kla
rnathon to the Klamath Lakes.
Work on this road has been commenced.
It will extend from the north side of the
Klamath River, commencing at Kla
mathon, fourteen miles in an easterly di
rection into a dense forest. The road will
be in the heart of a splendid timber dis
trict in which the stockholders have In
sight more than 900,000,000 feet of lumber.
It is the intention of the new railroad
company to push its road direct to the
Klamath Laxes, own its steamers on
this bod;- of water and In this way ship
logs to its lumber mills at Klamathon at
a minimum cost.
The company also intends later on ex
tending the road Into the Lost River coun
try in the State of Oregon, which, though
rich in timber and pasture lands, at pres
ent is not penetrated by any railroad.
With the completion of the railroad into
these timber lands the Pokegama
Sugar Pine Lumber Company will be
greatly benefited. At present its. only
means of transporting logs from its mills
is by rolling them Into the Klamath River
Commissioners shall render their decision upoi
the charges made; if the accused be foun<
not guilty of f.ny offense or misconduct or an:
Inefficiency specified in the charge he shall b
reinstated: if found guilty he may be mispende
Commissioners; If he be reinstated by th
Commissioners he shall be entitled to his pa:
the same as If he had not been suspended; i
he be suspended he shall not be entitled to pa;
during the time his suspension shall continue
If he be removed from office his pay shal
cease from the time of his suspension.
"I have made search for other ordinances
extending the power of the board to punish, but
have found none such. And It s»ems to me that
the only fair conclusion that can be drawn Is
that it was the purpose of ¦ the State Legisla
ture and of the Board of Supervisors to so limit
the powers of the Police Commissioners that an
accused officer should either be acquitted, sus
pended or removed. The power to degrade waa
not expressly given, and if there is any author
ity for implvlngr such power I have not found
it. In my opinion, the former Board of Police
Commissioners dldwiot have the power to im
pose the penalty of dlsratement upon any of
ficer."
"The court concurs in the foregoing
opinion," continues Judge Hebbard. "Un
doubtedly the board has power to punish
a police officer for cause, but It has no
power to fine, suspend, remove or disrate
him without charges preferred, without
trial and without cause. Let the writ is
sue." ¦ '- ¦ •
- The effort to secure the removal of
Lieutenant Price from charge of the
Chinatown squad was commenced in the
early, part of IStf. Price during the latter
part of- 1»98 and the early part of the fol
lowing year had been very successful In
closing up the Chinese gambling places.
So frequent and so effectual were his
raids that the gamblers and lottery men
decided that some means should be taken
for common delense.
A meeting was called early in January
of that year at a lottory place on Com
mercial street, near Dupont. which was
attended by leading Chinamen. It was de
cided to ask the keepers of the houses of
ill-fame and opium joints to unite in the
movement. This was agreeable, and the
effort to get rid of Price was commenced.
None of the Chinese concerned ever ac
cused Price of receiving any of the de
fense or corruption fund. The words of
the spokesman at the meeting were sub
stantially as follows:
"Price too hard on us. He keep ua mov
ing all the time. Cost too much money.
Esola all right; he smash door or so
catch few men, pay small fine; come back
next day and run game all the same.
Some time give officer few dollars. Ail
right, no bother. We like pet Esola back."
Only one witness was ever called before
the Police Commissioners to testify for or
against Price, although a written report
was made by a stool-pigeon In the emplov
of the police. So slight was the showing
made against the officer charged that In
stead of dismissing him a reduction In
rank was the only penalty Inflicted, the
board being equally divided on the propo
sition. Gunst and Tooln voted for Price's
dismissal, while Alvord and Lees voted
against it. In order to prevent a dead
lock the latter consented to the reduction
In rank.
and trusting to luck that they will drift
down with .the current. This plan is not
a success. Frequently the logs accumu
late and cause a jam. Logs also drift to
the sides of the bank and eventually land
high and dry. With the new road the
logs will be easily loaded on flatcare and
hauled to the mills.
A prominent Southern Pacific Railroad
official stated yesterday that he deemed
the commencement of work on this road
the first steps toward a substantial rail->
road.
"This road when completed as far as
the Klamath Lakes will be valuable prop
erty," he said. "After reaching the lakes
connections can be very easily made with
the Lest River country, which is rich in
mineral as well as agricultural lands.'"
destroyed a culvert between "Katal Spruit
and Klip River on the railroad Just south
of here at dawn to-day. They eaptnre-.l
a trainload of foodstuffs. a - ,id. after tak
ing all they could convenie .ltlr carry, set
fire to the rest and disappeared over t!i«j
veldt.
A new innovation and a decided Im
provement of the Southern Pacific Rail
road will go into effect on the lirst of
next month. Copying the plan of the big
Eastern roads a corps «f colored porters
will be on duty at the railroad dejjots in
this city to assist passengers to carry
their bags and valises to and from the
hacks, and street cars on board the trains.
Thee porters will b? clad in natty blue
uniforms, brass buttons and red cap?.
They will be on duty at the Oakland mole
and will line up on the arrival of a!l
trains and assist passengers with baggage
on to the ferry-boat and will escort the
travelers to hacks or s:reet cars on reach
ing this side. A corp3 cf porters will also
be on duty at the depot at Third and
Townsend streets. The men will be pa»d
a liberal salary by the company and their
services as porters to passengers will be
absolutely free.
James Horsburgh, t-ssistant general
passenger agent of th3 Southern Pacific,
stated yesterday that all arrangements
had been made and that the men had been
"We have felt the n»?cesslty of the pla?i
for come time," he said yesterday. "Great
care has been taken in the selection of
the men and they ate all old railroad
men that are conversant with the wants
of the traveling public. The men will be
paid a good salary and their services will
be free. These porters will be a great
benefit to ladles who arrive In the city
Fometlmes loaded down with articles
The men will meet all irains and travel to
and from Oakland on :hc ferry-boats. We
will also have a corps of Dorters always
on hand at Third and Townsend streets."
Sputhern Pacific Railroad
Engages Corps of Men
to Help Patrons.
WILLIAM PRICE has won his
fight for reinstatement to the
office of lieutenant of police.
A writ of mandate was issued
yesterday morning by Judge
J. C. B. Hebbard peremptorily command-
Ing the Board of Police Commissioners to
revoke the order of its predecessor, issued
April 19, 1S?3. disrating Lieutenant Price
and conferring upon him the title of ser
geant of police with its corresponding re
duction of power and salary. The board
Is also directed to reinstate Price to his
former rank of lieutenant of police.
Lieutenant Price, who was denied the
right to defend himself before the board,
opened his fight for reinstatement Im
mediately after the decision of the board
disrating him was announced. The hear
ing of the charges against him recalled
the days of the Inquisition, and justice
was denied him. Though apparently will
ing to reinstate Price, the present board
doubted Its power and suggested that he
take his case to the courts for adjudica
tion. He followed the suggestion and has
won his fight.
Judge Hebbard, after reviewing the law
governing the Police Commission and fix
ing Its power, says:
Price wis appointed patrolman on May 21,
3S7S: in September. 1SS3, he was promote*] ser
fc^ant: in May, 1S5', he was promoted .lieuten
ant. In whl'.-h position he served until April 19,
189S, when he was, by the former Board of Po
lice Commissioners, disrated, or reduced to the
inferior rank cf sergeant.
On July 12. 1S33. he wan retired on sergeant's
pension. On June 25. 1900. he was recalled to
active duty, and since then has been »erving
under the title of sergeant of police. Peti
tioner now asks the court to Issue its writ
of mandate directed to the defendants, the
Board of Police Commissioners, commanding
them to set aside the order of April 19, 1S39.
disrating petitioner, and to restore and rein
state him to h'.s rank of lieutenant of police.
1'rior to the action of the former board disrat
ing petitioner he had no notice of any charges
being preferred against him. nor was he al
lowed any hearing before the board.
Lieutenant Price was not acquitted by the.
board, ncr was he found guilty and suspended
or removed from the force, but he was arbi
trarily disrated, reduced from the rank of lieu
tenant to the. rank of eensreajit: and. despite his
continual protest and frequent request to the
board for reinstatement, since that time he has
been refused the relief he now seeks in this
I>roce<?dinp.
That petitioner Is entitled to the writ Is evi
dent from the opinion of the City and County
Attorney, counsel for respondents In this pro
ceeding, concerning this same petitioner, and
in answer to a communication from these cam?
respondent*. The City and County Attorney,
In his opinion, says:
"By tracing back the various statutes by
¦which Police Commissioners were created and
granted power* it is seen that it was the uni
form theory of eych legislation that the Police
Comml™|nn -was to administer the department
In conformity with the express statutory
powers granted and Fuch ordinances as the
Board of Supervisor? should pus.
"Ordinances provide thnt within ten day*
after the conclusion of the hearing of charges
against mcrabm of the department the Police
COLORED PORTERS
MEET ALL TRAINS
WILLIAM PRICE. WHOSE PETITION FOR A WRIT OF. MANDATE TO
COMPEL HIS REINSTATEMENT TO THE OFFICE OF LIEUTENANT
OF POLICE HAS BEEN GRANTED.
TOWN OF KLAMATHON. FROM WHICH A RAILROAD IS NOW BEING CONSTRUCTED TERMINATING AT KLA
MATH LAKES. ON THIS ROAD LOGS WILL BE HAULED TO THE BIG LUMBER MILLS INSTEAD OF BE
ING DRIFTED DOWN THE RIVER.
THREE MORE BODIES
TAKEN FROM THE MINE
Owing: to Rising Temperature in tha
Shaft Work of Rescue Has
B;en Abandoned.
CUMBERLAND. B. C. Feb. 21.— The
last bodies that will be taken from thn
mine for some two or three weeks were
brought up to-day, making a total of four
teen in all. Those recovered to-day were
of Petro Bardisoni and two Japanese
helpers. Like others thev were overcome
fcv the afterdamp, neither being burned.
"There are but two more thoueht to bo
in the upper levels— Robert Fleck and
Duncan Monro. Work was abandoned this
afternoon in that mine, as the air will
not carry further and with the rising tem
perature noticed some have spoken of a
possibility of fire. A meeting of the mar
acpT.ent ar.d experts was called, and it
was decided to pump more water into No.
6 mine. It will take four or live days to
ao this ar.d a couple of weeks more must
elapse before it is pumped out and No. 6
can be entered to take out the other fiftv
cne bodies in the mine.
Like yesterday, when there were seven
funerals, there were many trips to th-s
ceveraJ cemeteries to-day. Halliday. Cro?
sette arsd three Japanese and a Chlnea?
t>;ing laid away.
OFFICERS ARE INAUGURATED.
Authorities in. Several of the Philip
pine Provinces Assume
Positions.
MANILA. Feb. 21.— The provincial offi
cers cf the provinces of Tarlac, Pangasi
r.an and Pampanga have been inaugurat
ed. Chief Justice Arellano administered,
ocths in the presence of the eommis-
Fion. Judge Taft said to the provincial
officers that they wore subordinate to
General MacArthur. but not to the minor
military officers having no civil functions.
Judge Taft th»-n presented the new offi
cials to General MacArthur.
Tbr- Crst cargo of h*>mp from Manila to
P;;i Francisco has left this port. The
Vnited States army transport !>>gan.
from Visrar,. Northern Luzon, ha? brought
To Manila Major General S. B. M. Young
and eight companies *>l the Thirty-fourth
1'nit^d Ptat'-s Volunteer- Infantry and
r.ir.e companies of the Thirty-third t'nited
Btatea Volunteer Infantry, all homeward
hound.
PORT ELIZABETH, Feb. 21.— The fol
lowing proclamation has been Issued by
President Steyn and General Dewet:
Be It known to all men the war which has
been forced on the Transvaal republics by the
British Government still rages over South
Africa; that all the customs o£ civilized war
fare and also the conventions of Geneva and
The Hague are not observed by the enemy,
who have not scrupled, contrary to the Ge
neva convention, to capture doctors and am
bulances and deport them in order to prevent
our wounded . from getting medical assistance;
that they have seized ambulance material
appertaining thereto; that they have not hesi
tated to have recourse to primitive rules of
warfare, contrary to the solemn agreement of
The Hague, to arrest neutrals and deport
them and to send out marauding bands to
plunder, burn and damage burghers' private
property; that they have armed Kaffirs and
natives and used them against us in the war:
that they have been continually capturing
women and children and old and sickly men
and that there have been many deaths among
the women because the so-called Christian
enemy had no consideration for women on a
sick bed or those whose state of health should
have protected them against rough treatment.
Honorable women and tender children have |
not only been treated roughly, but have been
Insulted by soldiers, by order of their ofll
cers. Moreover, old mothers and women have
been raped, even wives and children, and the
property of prisoners of war, even of killed
burghers, has not been respected. In many
Instances the mother and father have been
taken, the houses left unprotected and all
have been left to their fate, an easy prey to
ravages.
The world has been untruthfully Informed by
the enemy that they have been obliged to carry
out this destruction because the burghers blow
up the railroad lines, cut the wires and mis
* use the white (Ins. Nearly all the houses in
the republics have been destroyed, whether in
the neighborhood of the railroad or not. The
alleged misuse of the white flag 1b simply a
continuance of the everlasting calumny against
which the Afrikander has had to strive since
the time. God brought him in contact with the
Englishman. Robbing his opponent of goods
only does not eatlpfy him; he is not satisfied
until he has robbed him of his good name also.
They state to the world that tha republic*
are conquered and that only here and there
small plundering bands are continuing the
strife In an Irresponsible manner. This Is an
untruth. The republics are not conquered. The
war Is not finished. The burgher forces of the
two republics are still led by responsible lead
ers, as from the commencement of the war,
under the supervision of the Governments of
both republics. The fact of Lord Roberts* and
Ix>rd Kitchener's choosing the term "maraud
ers" in designating the burghers does not make
them such.
When was the war over? Perhaps after the
battles in which Irregulars captured the enemy
and totally vanquished them.
The burghers would be less than men If thry
allowed the enemy to go unpunished after Ill
treating their wives and destroying their houses
from sheer lust of destruction. Therefore a
portion of the burghers resent It. Cape Colony
will not only wnge war but will be In a pposl
tlon to take reprisals, as It has already dent".
In the case of ambulances, therefore, we warn
the officers of his Majesty's troops that unless
they cease the destruction of the property of
the republics we shall wreak vengeance by
destroying the property of his Majesty's sub- '
Jects who are unkindly disposed. But. In order
to avoid being misunderstood, we hereby openly
declare that their wives and children will al
ways be unmolested, in spite of anything done
to ours by his Majesty's troops. We request
nothing from our brothers in the colony, but
call on them,, as. well an on the civilized world,
to assist. In behalf of our joint civilization and
Christianity, in putting an end to the barbarous
manner of the enemy's warfare.
Our prayer will always be that God. our
Father, will not desert us In this unrighteous
strife. '• STEYN AND DEWET.
Chose His Own Time to Annex the
Bosr Republics.
"BOBS" ACTED FOB HIMSELF.
LONDON. Feb. 21.— Replying to a series
of war questions asked by Henry Labou
chere. Advanced Liberal, Mr. Chamber
lain, the Secretary of State for the Col
onies, said in the House of Commons to
day that Lord Roberts had acted on his
own Initiative in proclaiming the annexa
tion of the Boer republics. The Colonial
Office left the choice of time to himself.
The terms of surrender, contained in Lord
Roberts' telegram to General Buller on
March G, were founded on instructions
from tho Government, but Lord Roberts'
telegram never reached General Botha,
who had previously refused General Bul
ler's offer to allow the burghers to return
to their farms with their arms.
To the great satisfaction of Ministerial
benches. Mr. Broderick. the Secretary of
State for War, informed Mr. Labouchere
that the. Government approved tho mili
tary suppression of the pro-Boer British
newspapers. The pro-Boer papers include
Mr. Labouchere's Truth.
Mr. Balfour; the Government leader, as
sured Mr. Dillon, Nationalist, that duts
notice would be given in regard to the
proposed vote to donate £100,000 to Lord
Roberts.
METHTJEN DEFEATS THE BOERS
Hartebeestefontein.
Victorious in a Heavy Engagement at
LONDON, Feb. 21. — In a dispatch dated
Klerksdorp General Kitchener reports to
tho War Office tha{ General Methuen has
arrived. at that place after clearing the
country through W.ilmaranstad. lie was
opposed at Hartebecstefontein by 1400
Boers under De YHliers and Llebenbcrg.
They held a strony position, but were
driven out after severe fighting. Thu
British lost three oincers and thirteen
men killed and five officers and twenty
men wounded. The Boera suffered se
verely. They loft eighteen dead on the
A Pretoria dispatch dated February 20
says £00 Boers passeu Plennars River yes
terday, moving in the direction of Nil
stroom, a point about seventy-five miles
north cf Pretoria and on the railroad be
tween Pretoria and Pietermarltzburg. It
is supposed they purposed discussing the
question of deserting and surrender. They
were in a deplorable state; their clothing
was in rags and many were, riding don
keys, while others trudged afoot. All ap
peared to be in the greatest distress.
GENERAL DEWET'S MOVEMENTS
Boer Leader Said to Be Heading for
Griqualand West.
CAPE TOWN, Feb. 2L— The Govern
ment reports that after the recent en
gagement between Colonel Crabbe's com
mand and the force under General Dewet
the Boer force split into several divisions;
Dewet himself making for Strydenburg.
He -was last heard of close to the Orange
River and It is believed he Is about to
enter Griqualand \V>st. Several portions
of his command fled north with the ob
ject of crossing at the junction of the
Vaal and Orange rivers. Commandants
Hertzog and Krltzlnger are making
Claim the Invaders of Their
Country Are Violating All
Rules ol. Warfare.
President Steyn and
Dewet Issue Proc
ldWdllUll.
ACCUSING
BRITISH OF
BARBARISM
A Nineteen- Year-Old Girl
Sues for Breach of
Promise.
Vicia Bell Oldfield Demands the
Hand and Fortune of James
A. Sheridan of Sacra
mento.
Ppeeial Di£i>etch to The Call,
SACRAMENTO. Feb. n.— For fear that
he may <Jic and thJt his aged mother
may receive his iife-insurar.ee money
Viola Dell O'.dfloid, U vcars old. this af:
crr.oon brought suit in tne Supreme Court
acatest James A. Sheridan, 2S years old.
xo compel him to rr.arrv her and keen a
promise alleged to have been made to her
to cake her the ber.cflciary of his llfe
iiipurar.ee pcl'cy.
The your.g woman alleges that on Julv
8. lfeSO.'aiid at various times eir.ee, Sheri
can rrcciiscJ to make h*»r his wife anl
that upon these representations she hr.s
remained pir.eie. According to her com
plair.t Shcr;dan promised to make his Ufs
insurance in the Ancient Order of Unltel
Woikn:cn payable to her. but within the
pist Tev.- c-.on.ths the defendant in cojj
testplatlon cf death has transferred the
beneficiary rights to his mother, without
the sOalntUTi consent.
fhe asks the court to declare her the
ber.eSc:ary of the policy: to award ncr
Judgment in the sum of $5uO0 for breach of
contract, and that, in the event of the
death of the defendant before the termt
r.aticn of the action, an injunction be is
sued restraining the order of Workmen
from paying the amount of the policy.
Sheridan is a hopeless victim of a wast
insr disease and his friends assert that he
has but a short timo to live.
SEEKS TO WED
A DYING MAN
PRIGE WINS FIGHT
FOR REINSTATEMENT
Judge Hebbard Issues Writ of Man
date to Compel His Restoration to
the Rank of Lieutenant of Police
THE SAN TBANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY,FEBETJAItr,22, 190 J.
River Country in Oregon, the Farmers and Miners of
Which Section Have at Present No Railroad Facilities
: c i . > .¦ .^;v-
When New Line Is Completed It Will Extend to the Lost
ROAD TO KLAMATH LAKES BEING
BUILT BY RICH LUMBER COMPANY
5
ADVEBTISE3IENTS.
( " I
. rfff^j f) The
J7A; q-tjhj/ OP
Buckwheat
Cakes—
The kind
that mother makes
Prof. Mnnron *ar« fci« T>y«pepsla Cnre ;
•rill cire sr.dijrtstion and ail fornii cf stomach
troutir he s:n:ply trlls the truth. It will cnre a
stomach that has brcn abused by over-eating and
©vcr-dr:nV:ng. It will cjrc a stomach that has
tx-«-n wrakenrd by c'.d-«tj-ie drugs. It will do much
toward msiting as c'.d stomach art liVe a sound one.
At all <Jrujrgi&t«, 35 cents. Fifty six other cures. ,
tlucyca, New York and Philadelphia.
HIXIOVS IMIALKB CrCES CATABBH.
$^^>^<a^a»^,^^,^^^»^ft
Ovisj* OR. JORDAN'S o>e«r«
f aosEsts of flHaroHY?
q g& lKiIE4Sni8T.tet.ftLW54.ir.ta.i
\ T*t Tbe Lerjwt A nr k«i:cij MuMuni in the \
f. 'J\m _ V'oMd V. c_ri.p>- *» cr aiy contractco «
35SSS»W rf"**^ l»e-K«li-riy«—i»«i T thr oldest Jr
£ *§£?£ **-*0R3*H-f2flr ATE DISEASES £
/' B j'Vyra 'ir. ir.r.,. f ,rnoraU r rr by l"trr. Afl
> ". If o]M /-u».riti CWciA«erjr cave undertaken. T
Af*lf ''& > l r't(otllrt rniLO(iOf«ft(i
V • U if-i iltllBlAUt, MA1LBS FUEB. I A V
1 A jl, ' lllMtlM boch (or orn/ \
7 tilt iUltDAX A«"®..JX>1 ilnrisptSt-.K. F. £
tfifttfCSCTSfcr**! a Big oii 1. aon-poljoaoaa
4 -r\^B*»W|»pn31K*45 remedj for Gcrior:hne«.,
/"iSi^^trKrt^FaB ' ; ! ( *'= t . Srfmndtha*,
/S£?V*''in 1 to Ld«r t X»]3 Whitev u 11 natural du-
*Jvi>t Uwract-ca IS rharg» . or any iDiinoima-
'***Jf 001 m «-r.c.i:r». tion. 1 ritaUun or ulc<r»-
' T"""" 11 f*u agios. tioa f in u co 11* mrm-
ftfs ITKlEUKSCrtCMXnCa. br3n *<>- Nou-astringtni.
U#L'2i' > C*' 1 iT:.0.r'r"3 .Sold by DrncgtiU,
>5?£^. C £ a. Z^ta r>r Brnt in r!»' n Tapper.
¦BOW. 2^fj t'T expwi*. prepaid, for
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
fTRIOTl'REP and analogous complaints ot tt«
Organs of Ctr.emtion.
l^-ice 11 a bottle. For sa!« by drus^lju.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CONSTIPATED
/^//^j^^^^^^^^^^^^>^' Means misery on the eve of life. Nine out
4IJilljiii$F^^ ""^^rS^^r^^ °^ * en °^ P e °pk are constipated because the
v/^^^^^^m^ - — 3§i§BBiiii^ muscles of their intestines have become
'^pfe^l^ nfilPSSsir wea t worn out and flabby. Constipation
k *^ e ctirse °* °^ a 2 e > causes bile and
'^WM}^^^^^^^^^^^^^^' acic * P° isons t0 remain in e blood, making
I^vCa i ' e s^ n y e^ ow and wrinkled, the eyes
>^^' > i||fe/^^^W li {$7^ bleary and causing the "bones to ache."
ill/ V^Mi^^^^W^ i 'w/ v/ K ee P the bowels strong, healthy and regular
™ wY/m '' 1 ' rWtyy anc * °^ age * oses a^ its terrors anc * wca k-
Au-^V^^^ No reason wh^ grandpa and%
Khc^^W^iW^Wmr/ S randma shouldn't have bright eyes, and
.W/|, clear, ruddy skin and feel lively and active,
¦^xSy W^va *M//k'I^- t^ ie^ w *^ on^ k cep their bowels open and
'5?<V j irW^ vigorous with CASCARETS CANDY
' CATHARTIC, the greatest bowel tonic
ii / / n m^' cver k earc * of. Try them to-day — a 50c
v {kw^S^V\ '• •)) k° x — a whole month's treatment — and find
J'j ') \3 that the tortures of constipated old age are
V^^^^|gk PREVENTED BY j^
25c 50c.^*a^Ljjj^ftfciOTffi^ NEVER
aix DRuexnsTs.^^ SOLD IN BULK.
fllBnr an bowel troubles* appendicitis, bll- All ¦ W% ¦ ftl f 3"F a S"E% T° CTRE: F1t« yeor* am
| B 1 1 P L louime™., baa breath, bad blood, wind S 1 Q 3 H O A ft! g t L fl tho armt *">="* f * tu >. 1 }'
1 ill Hi *» n tho "tomach, bloated bowel*, foul |« I 3 |£ W\ i| V& 9 Prll ETS w»- .old Now it I.
UU I ILs mouth, , headache, lndlce.tion, pimple., UUnltnlllLLU ZIZ '^T. 'cr^han^ny
pains after eating, liver trouble, sallow complexion .muiar medicine la the worW. J Thu linb-omte proof oV
and dizziness, tl'hcn your bowels don't mOTO regn* trait merit, and ear h*,t tr.'l mon!n). We have faith and
larly you are setting aick. Constipation kill* more will sell «wsc\A.RETH •h.olnteiy guaranteed to cnre or
people than all other dtf>ea«ca together. It Is a money refunded. On buy tooay. two ;«c1>o;m, iti»*- u*m»
starter for the chronic ailments and long; years of ¦ **''* «"X*i trl jf 1 « <M . 1 " I " m '" I J >IC J? ll *** l ?' I '^.X'J?J»i r idS«S
¦nfferlns that come afterwards. No matter what Kis!2S\tt2fiS w^V. teSSl 1^^he^™"^ fro^S
alls you, start tailing CASCARETS to-day, for yon wKVwa£a&« o 7t^
will never set well and bo well all the time until baxti. T«k« \»«r adrleV-aomaUer what »"i. yon-.t.rt to-
yon put your bowels right. Take onr advice; start day- Health will ¦ulekly follow •»»•« van will bleu the day .
with CASCABETS to-day, under am absolute guar> to« Ont itarted the ¦•« n'CASCAK irrft. Bookfreob'TiBail.
' anteo to cure or money refunded. ¦ u» Iddres« STERLttG UEHEDT CO., SEW XORJk or CHKAbO.
A personal experience story.
Special reporter acts as "supa"
in ths Bemhardt-Coquelin
company. Sketches of behind
the scenes and of ths true
character of the French actor
and actress, as it has never
tsen presented to the public
before. Next Sunday's Call.
Do not forget. It i3 unique."Yes, I'm sorry for poor, dear Helen:
that horrid George said she must either
give him up or her lovely pug."
"And she had to give up the dog?"
"No: she gave up George, and pug^l©
died the next day."— Pick-Me-Up.
Tess — I notice you're encouraging Mr.
Youngman. I thought he proposed to you
some time ago and you said "No."
Jess— That's so, but he gave me a lovely
camera for Christmas and I— er— well. I
decid«ni to retouch the old negative. — Phil
adelphia Press.
"What dlrl he want?" asked the head,
salesman of the wholesale grocery house.
"It was tome fellow that was drunk. I
guess." replied the new clerk, who had
answered the telephone call. "He wanted
to know if we had any dry wine."
'-'What did you tell him?"
"I told him we had plenty of dried fruits
and vegetables and flsh, but our wine was
all in the liquid state." — Chicago Tribune.
Jack— How glum poor old Charlie Sum
mers looked!
Bob— His vacation ended yesterday.
Jack — Vacation! The chap hasn't been
away a day this summer!
Bob— Yes: but his wife got back yester
day.—Birmingham (Eng.) PosL
"When a man goes out after dinner he
always -wants to toast his friends." says
the Observer of Events and Things: "but
a woman— let her go to a tea and after It
she wants to roast all her friends."—
Yonkers Statesman.
He — A funny thing happened up at the
Bllmbers' the other night. May BUmber
you know, Is quite a whistler,' and she
walked up to the piano and sat down, and
was just going to whistle her best niece
She — Yes: go on. '
He — Charlie Linseed was there and he
didn't know about her whistling talent
And so when the looked up at him with
her. mouth all puckered he thought it was
an invitation, and kissed her.
She— Did he? Was— was it puckered Uk«
this?-Cleveland Plain Dealer. e
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
CHROMO— Bernhardt. City. That' from
which a chromo is printed is the block.
There ,are generally a number of these,
each used -to print a dlfterent color.
CENTENARY— J. tt.. Upper Mattole.
Cal. Contenary and centennial are used as
synonymous words, the latter having been
"coined" to mean happening once In a
century. V "
SUPREME COURT JUSTICE-T J
Cnpella. Cal. The Justices of the United
States Supremo Court are: Melville W.
Fuller John M. Harlan. Horace Gray, Da
vid J * Brewer. H^ry S Brown George
Shiras Jr.. Edward D. White. Rufus .
Peckham and Joseph McKenna.
SPOONS AND BUTTER PLATES-B.
C A., Melrose, Cal. Teaspoons should al
ways' be placed handle up in the holder.
It is not good form to liave the bowl of
the spoon upward. In such a case a per
son desiring a spoon must take lt^by the
bowl and then turn It and at the same
time the flnscrs may be sreasy. be It ever
so slight. It Is not pleasing- to see a
creasy spoon dipped lr.to the sugarbowl.
The proper form Is to serve butter to
guests upon Individual butter plates.
CALLING— C. B. A., Melrose. Cal. If, a
lady moves into a neighborhood in which
she Is not acquainted, and some of the
neighbors call at her house, but do not
find her at home and Jiave thoir cards. It
ti the duty of the one called upon to re
turn the call -within a -week If she desires
to add those who called to her list of
acquaintances. There Is a certain eti
quette observed toward strangers, an In
troductory ceremony, as it were, to which
a due response must De sriven.
Oo to the Inauguration.
The Santa Fe will mak» excursion rates from
California points to Washington and return on
the occasion of the relnauguratlon of President
McKlnley. llarch 4th. The tickets will b« sold
on February 2«h and 23th and win be Rood ta
return, starting from Washington, not later
than March 8th. West of Chtcasro. however,
the tickets will be good until March £th.
These tickets win bo honored on tha Calirornla
Limited.
WHEN Cloverdale opens her annual citrus fair
we know springtime is at hand. We know,
furthermore, that all through the winter sea
son, which in the East is marked by snow and ice, the
flowers have been blooming in our valleys and the
orange trees have been ripening their golden fruit.
We are made aware the time has come for festivals'
and rejoicing, and for profiting by the generosity of
our sun and soil. ~*- ,
It goes without saying that the Cloverdale fair of
this year is better, than ever before. Such things al
ways improve as the managers acquire more skill in
directing them and the support given by the public
increases. Thus the Cloverdale exhibit grows in size
and in importance, and, moreover, is in each succeed
ing year displayed with greater artistic taste.
The season' is propitious, for the abundant rain3
give promise of a golden summer. All parts of Cali
fornia are bright in the prospects of prosperity! It is
probable we shall have record-breaking crops of all
kinds this year and that our one trouble will be that
of finding a profitable market for them.
The improved facilities of transportation have
brought the tropics close to the great markets of the
civilized world. The New York papers note that
strawberries and early fruits have been offered for
sale in that city for nearly a month past. The fruits
have been brought from Southern Florida, from the
Bahamas, from the West Indies and even from Cen
tral America. California, of course, has also been a
contributor to the market, and thus the supply has
been so ample that nearlj' all classes can afford them
As the New York Tribune recently said: "In the ice
bound weeks of the year the people generally, even
those of modest means, have been able to buy many
THE CLOVERDALE fAlR.
THE REINSTATEMENT OF PRICE.
BY Judge Hebbard's decision that the Police
Commission had no authority to disrate Police
- Ofncer Price justice, though long delayed, has
at last been dose. In his decision the Judge said:
"Undoubtedly the board has authority to punish 3
police ofncer, but it has no power to fine, suspend,
remove or disrate him without charges preferred,
without trial and without cause."
The decision will be received by the public with
general gratification. The manner in which the Com
missioners treated Price constituted something in the
nature of a cross outrage. As Judge Ilebbard has
said: "Prior to the action of the former board dis
rating him Price had no notice of any charges having
been preferred against him, nor was he allowed any
hearing before the board. He was not acquitted by
that board nor was he found guilty and suspended or
removed from the force, but he was arbitrarily dis
rated — reduced from the rank of lieutenant — and, de
spite his continued protest and frequent request to
the board for reinstatement, since that time he has
been refused the relief he now seeks."
The action of the Police Commissioners in dis
rating Price in the manner described by Judge Heb
bard was bad in itself, but the scandal was deepened
and darkened by the testimony given in the recent
legislative investigation by Chan Chung, to the effect
that while Price was serving in Chinatown the sum
of $10,000 was raised by the highbinders for the pur
pose cf having him removed because he was active
in breaking up gambling dens. When* Chung was
asked who received the money he said: "I won't say
a word about it. If you look up the records and see
who tried to hurt Sergeant Price you will not make
any mistake. You will not be far from the men who
Cot the money."
Such is the record of the case. Judge Hebbard's
decision does justice so far as it lay in the power of
the court to do it, but a full justice will not be satis
fied until the conspirators, who wronged Price and
took a reward from the highbinders are disclosed, con.
victed and punished.
CALITORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Feb. 21.— San Franciscans
— C. H. Bradley Is at the Kensington; S.
S. Rosenbaum is at the Netherlands; Mrs.
Draper Is at the Park Avenue; H. Cogan.
and wife are at tha Sturtevant: J. M.
Kaufman Is at the Criterion; K. B.
Quinan is at the Murray Hill. Los Ange
lenos—H. F. Vollmer is at the Imperial;
F. A- Barker Is at the Grand. .
PERSONAL MENTION.
S. W. Earhart of Napa Is at the Califor
nia.
W. S. Stoddard of Red Bluff Is at tha
Lick.
C. W. Allen of Pasadena la at the Oc
cidental.
O. J. "Woodman, a banker of Fresno, la
at the Lick.
J. W. Seawlll and wife of Healdsburg
ar© at the Lick.
A. C. Balch. a merchant of Los Angeles.
Is at the Palace.
B. Chandler of Los Angele3 13 registered
at the Occidental.
C. T. McGlashan and wife of Truckee
are at the Palace.
A. J. Bone, an oil man of Bakersfleld, la
a guest at the Grand.
F. A. "Watt, a merchant of Stockton, Is
a sruest at tho Palace.
C. W. Kastln, an attorney ot ZSodesto. Is
stopping at the Grand.
John Fennell. a fruit man of Tehama, la
stopping at the Palace.
R, M. Shackelford of Paso Robles is a
guest at the Occidental. \
Victor "Woods of San Luis Oblspo 13
registered at the Grand.
8. D. Rosenbaum. a Stockton merchant.
Is stopping at the Palace.
O. "W. Chrlsman. a merchant of Ven
tura, 13 stopping at tho Lick.
John Sunclerland, a mining man o£
Reno, la a guest at the Lick.
Fred "W- Swanton and wife oZ Santa
Cruz are guests at the California,
A. H. Redlngton, a merchant from
Marysvllle. Is a guest at the Grand.
Robert M. F. Doble. a clothing
merchant of Seattle, 13 stopping at tha
Palace.
John Denman, a merchant of Petaluma.
accompanied by his wife. U registered at
the Grand.
RACING flND GAMBLING.
*Tp HE track gamblers take advantage of the con
| fusion in the public mind and continually speak
* of grxmbling and racing as if they were one and
inseparable. But this is not so. Every racetrack in
California can be open to-day, and horses can try
speed, and people can go and bet on their judgment
of the speed and bottom of the animals, and no one
will interfere.
If the tracks were managed in that way no harm
would be done. A man who wished to bet on a horse
would have to hunt in the crowd for some one to take
him up, and there would be but few bets, and they
•would be made by men who could afford the pleasure
of backing their judgment, even at the risk of loss.
But that racing is not to the taste and does not
serve the purpose of the track gamblers who make
books and sell pools.
The crowd would pay at the gate, not for the privi
lege of gambling on the inside, but for the pleasure
of the sport ar.d the social association it affords. Such
racing stimulates the love of horses, the enterprise oi
breeders, and gives the public pleasure, without rob
bing anybody, or causing confidential clerks to de
spoil their employers, sons to disgrace their fathers
and husbands to degrade their wives.
Under their system of gambling the loss of money
is rcade easy. Bets «:re not made and taken openly
to back an honest judgment or an enthusiastic fancy.
If they were, not one in a thousand of the losers would
ever risk a cent. In bet, the track would have no in
terest for them at all. They care nothing about
l:or?es except as a means of gambling, and in a ma
jority of cases the means of losing their own money
or that they have stolen from some one else.
When Mayor Phelan speaks of a season of racing
to furnish dissipation for the people he does not mean
racing at all. That can be at any season or all sea
sons. What he means is an open season for racetrack
gambling, which cannot be at all unless his Super
visors say so. That form of gambling is worse than
faro and the percentage games which are forbidden
everywhere and at all seasons by the law of the State.
To talk sbout an open season for it is preposterous.
Whenever it is in action crime is increased. Employers
lofe money, men lose their honor, the community
loses reputation, not by racing, not by legitimate bet
ting, but by this most pernicious of all forms of gam
bling.
It is that which the pulpit denounces — not the run
ning, trotting or pacing of horses.
Why are certain Supervisors and the Mayor so per
sistent in their efforts to permit that special fo-m of
gambling and means of destruction and cause of
crime? Their constant renewal of the issue is most
surprising. They have been elected to be in a certain
sense the defenders of the character, honor and moral
ity of the community, as far as these can be helped
by official action and oversight. Yet they furtively
watch to catch public vigilance napping in order to
give freedom to this vice.
The people are getting tired of it, and will be re
lieved when the present government goes out of
power and they have a chance to replace it with one
which they will not have to sit up nights to watch.
7"" HE Philippine Commission has made a report
which does not come up to the expectations of
people who have been longer in the islands than
the commission and by reason of military service and
opportunity for observation have a fairly full knowl
edge of the situation.
The myth around which the commission builds it*
conclusions is the assumed friendship of a majority of
the people. There is no assurance that any respectable
minority of the natives are friendly to American rule.
There are reasons for this in the very administration
of affairs there. Mr. John Bass of the New York
Herald says: "Taxes are higher in Manila than un
der Spanish rule, and the inhabitants bitterly com
plain. Living expenses have doubled." A member
of {he Thirtieth Regiment, in a letter printed in the
Chicago Record, says: "The niggers are getting gay
and would not pay their taxes, so at the point of the
gun we made them shut up shop, and not open to sell
a thing to natives or soldiers. They made a big kick,
but it did them no good. We've got lots of ammu
nition, and our orders are to kill every one of them
at sight, men, women or children. We take no pris
oners. It is too much trouble to guard them."
It is no wonder that after much experience General
MacArthur says: "When I first started in against
these rebels I believed that Aguinaldo's troops rep
resented only a faction; I did not like to believe
that the whole population— the native population, that
is — was opposed to us and our offers of good gov
ernment. But, after having come this far, after hav
ing occupied many towns and cities in succession and
having been brought much in contact with both in
surrectos and amigos, I have been reluctantly com
pelled to believe that the Filipino masses are loyal and
devoted to Aguinaldo."
The commission in its report commends the tem
perance of the natives and casts a curious sidelight
on our presence among them. It says: "The selling
of native wines to soldiers of the United States is
strictly prohibited, because the soldiers are inclined
to indulge in those injurious beverages to" excess,
with disastrous results. The Filipino uses them mod
erately, if at all. Fortunately he docs not to any ex
tent frequent the American saloon. With a view to
preventing his being attracted there the playing of
musical instruments or the operation of any gambling
device, phonograph, slot machi.ne, billiard or pool
table, or other form of amusement in'saloons, bars or
drinking places is prohibited."
We take it for granted that no member of the com
mission saw the grim humor of this. But it is there.
The idea that the natives, for the sake of their morals,
must be protected from contact with the people who
are introducing good government and a higher civili
zation among them is simply exquisite. The com
mission should be more sober in the discharge of its
duties. It was not sent out there to contribute to thj
gayety of nations.
Mr. Williams, a very conscientious American cor
respondent, writes that he is appalled by the "profan
ity, obscenity,,licentiousness and drunkenness which
abound in the contact of the troops with the na
tives," and he recommends that hereafter no man be
enlisted for that service who cannot give testimonials
of good moral character!
Against this background ofgrewsome wit and hu
mor the commission throws out a feeler of Ameri
can public sentiment in a tentative proppsition that
"it would avoid some very troublesome agrarian dis
turbances between the Spanish friars and their ten
ants if the insular government could buy the ha
ciendas of the friars and sell them out to the present
tenants." »
Here is the entering wedge of a proposition that,
haviiig paid twenty millions for the islands to the
civil Government of Spain, we shall buy them again,
for a sum probably twice as large, of the ecclesiastical
corporations which own all the land.
The reference to the "insular government" is mis
leading. There is no such government. There is es
tablished there a temporary rule of order, but there
h no government. To begin paying money for all the
land in the islands, without examination of the titles,
is repugnant to American common sense. The com
mission puts stress upon title by prescriptive right.
But prescriptive right does not fuse into title when
the adverse party is held under duress. This was prac
tically the case in the islands.
It is the great cause of the strife there. The peo
ple were held in bondage while their lands were taken
from them, and Americans will hesitate about paying
for a title which represents no investment, that never
cost its holders a penny. It is better to leave things
as they arc than attempt such a solution.
e PHILIPPINE REPORT.
FRIDAY .FEBRUARY 22, 1901
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
kttrtn All CccEnniiations to W. S. LEAKS. Hunger.
MAVA<.i:it\S OFFICE Telephone Prenn UO I
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market nod Tlilrd. S. P.
Telephone I>ress SOI.
EDITORIAL nOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
BRAXCn OFFICES 327 Montgomery, corner of Clay. open
cr.til S:30 o'clock. 200 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 63."
McAllister open until 9:30 o'clock. t\Z Larkln. open until
f :S0 o'clock. 13« Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22G1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1C36 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 E'eventh. open until 9 o'clock. NX cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky. oj>ea until 9 o'clock.
things, out of season in the North which could not
have been obtained for the tables of the rich in the
winter months a quarter of a century ago."
With such competition it is of course important for
us to obtain better and cheaper means of getting our
produce to the market. We must also learn how to
pack our fruit in the most attractive manner, so that
it will command the best price. Those needs will be
a stimulus toward co-operation and toward the ad
vancement of the fruit industry. In the near x future
we shall have to <juit shipping so much raw fruit and
begin to manufacture the product of our orchards
into the finest of jellies and fruit conserves. That will
bring about a diversified fruit industry and in the end
prove much more profitable for us than the present
system.
With such products as are now displayed at the
Cloverdale fair there is no reason why Californian
fruit-growers should be dismayed by any competition,
and it is to be borne in mind the display there repre
sents but one of the citrus-growing sections of the
State. It would be gratifying if the fame of this fair
could be spread over ihe whole country in order that
Eastern people might know more of the manifold ad
vantages of California. For that reason the fair. merits
a generous support not only from the people of So
noma and the surrounding counties but from tho«c
of all parts of the State. It has now been established
as one of the annual festivals and industrial exhibitions
of California, and is maintained upon a scale that de
serves a liberal patronage.
Hard on American Sealers.
It is hard on the Americans who would
like to engage In the sealing business tnat
they cannot do so. To them It must seem
Ineffably cruel that while they are locked
into the American Pacific ports, their ri
vals In trade, the Canadians, may run
down the coast as far as Monterey, pick
ing up future sealskin coats all the way.
But experience has shown that the Amer
ican citizen is not such a helpless sufferer
as he may pretend to be when he is sub
jected to such hardships as that. It may
be guessed that more than one of th.»
thirty-odd British schooners and steam
ships now In the Pacific hunting the pin
nipeds represent American capital.—Provi
dence Journal.
Puritan Tastes Improving.
Tho Art Commission held a meeting:
' Monday afternoon at the Museum of Fine
Arts and authorized the expenditure of
$50,000 for a painting by I>on Diego Rodri
guez de Silva of Velasquez, the Spanish
painter. In 1651, 250 years ago. at a sale
of pictures belonging to the English com
monwealth, a Velasauez with the saim*
subject as this JSO.000 picture, the Ihfant9
Don Baltasar Carlos, eldest son of Philip
IV and Isabel de Bourbon, brought or.ly
10 shillings. The fact recorded at the Ar*
Museum, as It Is familiarly called, on
Monday afternoon. Is an Interesting com
mentary on the development of Puritan
tastes and opinions during' the last two
centuries and a half.— Boston Herald.
Just Plain Stealing.
It will be interesting to learn the vle-w
that will be taken by the French ar.i
Russian governments in the matter of th-s
forcible seizure of the Tientsin salt heaps
by the two Consuls representing: those
powers. These stores of salt belong, tt
Is stated, to the Chinese merchants of lY.m
Salt Guild, but after the occupation of
Tientsin by the allied troops the French
and Russian Consuls raised their respec
tive flags over the property, and now re
fuse to' deliver it back to the rightful
owners save upon payment of three-quar
ters of Its market value, which amount*
to demanding a "ransom" of $5,000,000.
Naturally the Tientsin salt merchants ob
ject to this demand. To the outside ob
server the action of the French and Rus
sian Consuls looks very like plain steal
ing.—St. Ix>uis Globe-Democrat.
Victor Emmanuel a Political Force.
The choice by the King of Italy of a
new Prime Minister and so. indirectly, n*
a Cabinet, will give the first real Indica
tion of what his policy is likely to be
There is good reason for believing that
Victor Emmanuel will be more of a forca
In and less of a spectator of Italian poli
tics than was his father. Whether he will
follow the false gods of the day and stand
for an aggressive foreign policy, entailing
all the burdens that it does and must or
whether he will have the courage and
faith to devote himself to intfrnarbetter
ment and to putting the interior of the
Italian household in order, is the question
It Is not a great navy to hold secure h»r
independence against fancied menace*
from France that Italy needs, but a great
leader, who will make the direction of her
home affairs sound and capable, and so
give her a truer unity.— Springfield Repub
lican.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
THE DE0TH OF SENATOR WHITE.
THE death of a man who has. been the people's
free choice for a high preferment is always an
event in a free society that fixes, for more than
a moment, the attention of men upon the frail and
fleeting nature of this life and its honors and ac
tivities.
Where any high estate well won is won by merit
only there is always in the winner's life material for
study and for example. As this is true of the average
public man, it is impressively true of our late Senator
White, who is dead untimely in the first month of his
forty-ninth year.
He was a native of San Francisco, and was reared
on a farm in Santa Cruz County, where he underwent
all of those hardy experiences that go to make a man.
His family in Ireland was of the landed gentry, and
he came fairly by the persistence with which he
wrought upon the" soil for his start in life. In his
blood there was a literary strain, and among his kin
was one of the leading pastoral writers of Ireland.
In his father's house frugality was a necessity, and
so the future Senator and leader of men felt all of
the fireside sacrifice that went into his education, and
it is recorded of him that while in college and read
ing for the bar he eschewed not only dissipation, but
even social relaxation and amusement. When he
needed rest and recuperation from absorbing study he
found it back on the farm at the old tasks, less a tax
on his family than a helper.
By the happily joined force of his vigorous physical
and mental constitution he had finished his profes
sional studies and was admitted to the bar at the age
of twenty-one.
That was in 1874. The California of that year is no
more. Then Los Angeles was an old but undeveloped
region, and the 3'oung lawyer, with a vision that com
prehended the future, selected that city as the field # in
which to begin his professional career. His success
was immediate. So rapidly did he win his way that
had Southern California not felt the thrill of enter
prise and been moved to cast behind her the slow
ways of old, to develop equally with his growing
energies and expanding genius, he would have been
compelled to seek another field. But he remained
through the years, and in the midst of that rising ex
pression of prosperity and adventure which gave to
his increasing powers a steadily widening field.
The people appreciated him as a leading factor in a
development that became the marvel of the country-
Their favor was shown in public preferment. From
four years in the office of District Attorney he passed
to four years in the State Senate, half of that time
serving as Lieutenant Governor. After a return of
three years' duration to private life he was elected
Senator of the United States.
It was the most conspicuous personal victor}' in the
history of California politics. The strongest political
influences and the wealth of his party were against
him. But, making the high and memorable declara
tion, "I intend to make it possible for a poor man to
aspire to the Senatorship on his merits alone," he
overcame the forces laised up against him, and on
his fortieth birthday was elected Senator.
In his speech accepting the office at the hands of
the joint convention of the Legislature he declared
that in the early days of his strife and trials, long be
fore he reached man's estate, he had determined to
equip himself for the duties of a Senator, expecting
some time to achieve that station. What that meant
the State and the nation soon knew.
Many American worthies have been Senators.
Some, have closed their career in that chamber and
some have gone further and higher. But none ever
entered it with a more thorough preparation for its
duties, nor a more exalted conception of them. Dur
ing his term he was subjected to every form of test
and sustained himself in all with conspicuous honor to
his State. In the discussion of economics, of public anl
international law, of national policy and ideals, he de
veloped no limitations. Hailed by his partisans as
chief, his opponents were scarcely less enthusiastic in
their acknowledgment of his rare powers.
But at last the b'irden grew greater than the
strength that sustained it. His exacting and con
scientious attention to every detail of his position, and
the necessities of his law practice, which were al
ways upon him, proved too much, and at the end of
his term, his strength was impaired beyond recovery.
The charm and power of his mind were in their prime,
but his physical strength had passed it, and no
regimen could bring back the declining vigor.
The impression he leaves upon his native State is
permanent. In Congress he was contemporary with
his two cousins, Hon. W. Bourke Cockran of New
York and Senator Mallory of Florida. It is not often
that three as brilliant men, holding the same degree of
kinship, are found in concurrent service. But, with
out injustice to his brilliant kin, it may be fairly
claimed that the Californian was the greatest of the
three. His oratory had those graces which arise in
the quality of imagination, and was of enchanting
form. As a lawyer he was a master of statement, and
a master, too, of the great principles of that science,
and so was not a slave to precedents and cases. He
made precedents for others.
The State may well .mourn her dead. The greatest
of her sons has gone away in his youth, and the place
he leaves none may fill.
Pantaloons of a Century Ago.
While stockings were a largely visible
portion of dress they were often of silk,
and objects of care and pride. "With the
short pantaloons striped yarn stockings
of the French mode were worn. The new
trousers went through many mutations of
cut and shape-r-sometimes closely fitted
and called tights, sometimes baggy. Then
thoy were funnel-shaped at the ankle,
then tight at the ankle only. They were
plaited at the waist and side into an
absurd fullness, and even ' had tucks
around the bottom. An old chronicler
tells of his first dre.«s pantaloons: "The
pantaloons, over which I wore boots, were
of, non-elastic corduroy. It would be un
just to the tailor to say that they fitted
like my skin, for they sat a great deal
closer. "When I took thorn off my legs
wore like fluted pillars grooved with the
cords of the pantaloons*.!' The coat worn
with these fluting machines had long,
narrow tails which were twice as long as
the waist portion. The collar was a huge
roll reaching to the ears. There were
two rows each of nineteen brilliant but
tons. The coat was named "Jean de
Bry," for a French statesman. Morning
and evening coats were shaped exactly
alike till 1830, when a frock coat was
evolved. Overcoats had fur collars, full
skirts and very tight bodies. In 1832
many men wore a picturesque Polish
cloak with double cape.
The change from knee breeches *to trou
sers met stern opposition, and In full dress
assemblies in polite society knee breeches
were worn for some years after trousers
were everywhere seen on the streets. To
enforce this regulation the somewhat
startling notice was placed upon the en
trance to an assembly hall: "Gentlemen
will not be permitted to dance without
breeches." In 1S14 the Duke of Wellington
presented himself at the door of the ball
room at Almack's, and his entrance was
barred by an official, who said: "Your
Grace cannot be admitted in trousers "
The Duke being thus attired quietly left
the building.
A few ojd fellows in America, chiefly old
Federalists, clung long to the ancient
style of dress. President Madison wore
knee breeches and buckles and powdered
his hair and cue till his death, in 1S36.
Some solid men of Boston wore them till
that date. Governor Eustis among the
number. Dr. Robbinn and Governor Ter
ry of Hartford did also. President Monroe
was known as "The Last Cocked Hat."
Invention of "Righis" and "Lefts."
The year 1S0O saw the invention and in
troduction of rights and lefts in shoes by
In these pictures of life a century ago I
shall speak of various domestic phases of
every-day society, not giving all the
minute details of that existence nor ana
lyzing the influences that caused social
conditions, but simply telling of matters
just as they really were and were seen by
folk of that day in their constant round
of life. At the head of the household was
the goodman, and before he can speak to
us or ere we can learn aught about his
thoughts or modes of life in the natural
course of events we note his clothes. Let
us not underrate their influence on his
life. Carlyle says: "Man's earthly Inter
ests are all hooked and buttoned together
and held up by clothes."
They plainly indicate historical tfends
and events. The dress of an American cit
izen in January, 1S01, was an Anglicized
copy of the garb, of a French citizen. The
opening acts of the French revolution had
been celebrated with sympathetic interest
in many American cities as well as In
Paris. An open-air feast of a roasted ox
held in Boston in January needed both
the great bonfire and ample hogsheads of
punch to "cast a pleasing luster o'er the
festive scene." A "frenzy," to use Presi
dent Jefferson's favorite expression, set
in for the French. The American patriots
who took part in the outdoor feast called
themselves Citizen This or That. Mar
riages were announced in American nev\ 3
papers between Citizen Brown and te | a
Smith. Americans had their , heads
dressed by tho French barber La v Igne a
la Brutus," or "a la Titus," which was an
ugly cropped shock, "like a frightened
owl," looking rude enough after B r ?at
stately wigs and hair in powder and rib
bon. Another style of haircutting seen on
young American pates was "en orellles oe
chien," such aa was worn by General
Bonaparte at the time of the Italian cam
paign; the hair "banged" at the eyebrows
straight across and left long at the sides
to cover the ears. All men were smooth
shaven.
Revolution in Men's Garments.
In every detail of men's dress were radi
cal changes in the year 1801, perhaps the
most marked and sudden transitions
men's dress had ever known. In this
transition the greatest Item of alteration
was from breeches to trousers. As early
as 1785 the leaving off of knee buckles and
lengthening of kneo breeches was the
advance note of this change. ine
breeches were buttoned below the knee or
tied with strings and soon were called
pantaloons. Hessian boots met the pan
taloons at the calf, and soon long trous
ers were In "Immense taste" and the un
manly shoestring" was In vogue to the
dismay of the buckle makers. By 1801
the satin and velvet coats of Washing
ton's court; the cocked hats and silk
stockings and knee buckles had gone with
tho knee breeches and given place to
pinched coats, great neckerchiefs and
clumsy beaver hats. In 1S01 young
dandles of the democratic party dis
played their Jeffersonlan simplicity by
going in their own cropped hair, without
wigs or pigtails. *
Jefferson made himself specially obnox
ious to conservative folks by giving up
shoe buckles. He "dressed in his suit of
customary black, with shoes that laced
tight round the ankle and closed with a
neat leathern string.".
By Alice Morse Earlo.
AUTHOR OF "COSTUME IN COLONIAL TIMES." "HOME LIFE IN COLOMAH
DAYS." "CHINA COLLECTING IN AMERICA, i.-i'
(COPYRIGHT. 1901.)
?*« fishlonable bootmaker, William Toung
*°Ks?h£ r ox S anTco n w "S&iBK
tallSw or '"dabbing." This greasy mixture
ruined' ladles' petticoats Injancy. JJw.
'iffrSS.t^nleh'Sd a large Popularity
for" many years, both for men and worn,
en's wear was the spencer. It was the
height of the mode in 1S01. It was a very
short scant top coat, not so long as the
wearer ? 3 body coat, and sometimes sleeve
less:- a very skimpy, pinched farment
said to have been invented by Lord
Spencer at about the same time that^Lord
Sandwich invented a form of food wheb
would be nourishing and could be eaten
quickly and. conveniently while ne was at
the gambling table. An English rhyme
ran:
Two noble lords, whom if I quote
' Some folks might call roe sinner.
The one Invented half a coat.
The other half & dinner.
Th« plan was good, as some will say.
And fitted to console one.
Because in this poor starving flay
Few can afford a whole one.
Men also wore surtouts and roquelaures
and great capes, as we learn from the ad
vertisements of lost articles. The scarlet
cape, such as Samuel Adams took to
Washington, was out of date.
Garments for Students and Children.
A variation of dress was seen in Boston
in the uniform of the Harvard students,
which had frogs and cords of black on an
ordinary coat. This uniform was adopted
to "spot" the undergraduates at the the
ater, which they were forbidden to at
tend, or anywhere else where they snouia
not be. They nad to wear the coat sum
mer and winter. Commencement then was
in August. A plaid cloak was the favored
overcoat. In their rooms the undergrad
i:ates wore loose jackets and gowns or
gayly figured calico or baize. Merchants
and even professional men wore In their
offices and counting rooms loose wadaeu
dressing gowns, known as night gowns or
banians. In the eighteenth century these
were of magnificent stuffs and brocades,
and many of Copley's Bitters are painted
ir: them.
For many centuries the dress of young
boys T%as precisely like that of their fath
ers. As soon as they put off the petticoats
of tho infant they wore truly manly gar
ments. These gave a quaint and serious
look to all old-time portraits of children.
The teachings of Rousseau brought about
a distinctive boys' garb in France, and it
is said that Marie Antoinette was one of
the first to dress her son, the little dau
phin, in round jacket and trousers, in
stead of the formal knee breeches and
brocaded coat and .waistcoat little boys
had hitherto worn. Old portraits and the
Illustrations of old books show how Quick
ly these notions spread. In 1S01 we find
American boys wearing trousers. Jackets
and caps; those often were made of high
colored figured stuffs. I have a little suit
of that date of gay. flowered calico. Mme.
Bradford of Cambridge, who died In 1S99.
aged 10G years, was reared in the Emer
son family. She says that Ralph Waldo
Emerson, until he was six years old, wore
only bright yellow flannel trousers ana
Jacket by day and yellow flannel .gowns by
night.
.Popularity of Nankeen.
The extraordinary Influx of Oriental faV
rlcs Into this country caused by the su._
den growth and prosperity of the East
Indian trade was shown In men's apparel
in the wear of nankeen* In one year
over $1,000,000 worth of yellow nankeen
came to the United States. Nearly all or
It was made Into trousers, which were
worn in summer and winter alike by old
and younj?. They were the constant wear
of General Lafayette on his trip through
this country in 1S24. and were worn by all
our early Presidents. „, .
In the library of the New York Hfetor
ical Society is a picture of the interior of
the Park Theater in 1S25 during a theatri
cal performance. It is really a collection
of portraits of prominent citizens or tne
day, and can be taken as typical of tne
tlmes-and what a contrast it shows to
the present! Men of calm, phlegmatic
temperament, sound and rather neav>
bodies, serious, prosperous races— sona.
respectable men— are assembled. In our
day nervous energy, high mental pres
sure, fast manners of living in business
and social life, form Just a* plain y the
characteristic traits of a theater audience.
The Park Theater attendants of lS_o wear
voluminous neckcloths of white lawn or
broad stocks made of buckram » nd *?""
or velvet. Many of the men, as *ell as
the women, have their hats on and the
universal head pear Is great. *>ell-cro» ne<i
beaver hats. The complaining I*"", 3 °J
theater-lovers of that day were f against
obscuring hats, not against bonnets.
The Hats of Our Grandfathers.
These braver hats and other stlff-brlm-
S&ig?" fiSd C sway e 'or manTyear^n
hThS Sf all respectable citizens The
BSHu
th» vrft head-covering of me juexu.aus
B SB aaass*ss5^
theoe unfashionable but comfortable
* Ixfo aVirt when In December, 1&>1. Louis
Ko^uth flashed his brilliant career, his
rX?lUnt presence, into the eyes and brains
of adcrinp Americans, he wore a pictur
«oSfso"t hat with a feather. Good, so
be? dignified I business Americans at once
adopted the Kossuth hat. but they could
not stand the feather.
Prepared by Experts and 'Specialists for
. The San Francisco Call .
CJ
First of the Series on American Life a Cen
tury Ago, Being a Dissertation on Men s
Costumes at That Period.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
TELE SAOST FRANCISCO CA^LII,^ FEBRUARY; 22, 190
AT HOTEL. DEL. CORONADO the season Is
now on at full tide. ; American and European
plans. Best of everything. . Including the char
acter of entertainment. Apply 4 New Montgom
ery St., city, for special ticket.
If the Boers continue to get as close to General
Kitchener as they have of late it might be well for
that distinguished soldier to request his return to
England on the ground that his presence in South
Africa is a menace to the nation he represents. His
capture by the Boers would be so serious as to be
come humorous.
The sovereigns of Europe would do well to take
note of the fact that while nearly all the flags of the
world were at half-mast on the death of Queen Vic
toria hardly one drooped at the announcement of the
death of King Milan. There is a lesson in the con
trast that kings should study.
It is nip and tuck whether the Boers can'destroy
British bridges in South Africa faster than American
contractors can erect them; and as long: as the Brit
ish can pay for 'the game we are willing to play it.
A CHANCE JTO SMILE.
6
During the month of December Mexican,
railroads bough't J1SS.00O worth of cars in
the United States.
Special information supplied dally to
business 1 houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's."
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace HoteL*
AMUSEMENTS.
Alhurrfcra— "Vncle Josh Spruceby."
O^he'jm— Vaudeville.
Grcnd Opera-hcuse— "Cyrano fle BerR-erac."
Alcazar— "What Harried to Jones."
Columbia— "Zaza." Monday. February 2j.
Tivcll— "Wizard cf the Nile."
Central— "Chlmrels rc^lcn."
California— "The Wa'.rs •¦,' New York."
Olynpia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Cbutea. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•verinc. ' •
I'Vcher'e— Vaudeville.
Golden Gate Hall— Abt. the Mandolinixt.
Eherrr.an-CIcy Hall— Concert.
Union Coursing rarl:— Counlaff to-fiay.
Metropolitan Ttirr'.e — Her.sehels Recital. Sunday night,
February tt.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Race*.
Tanfcran Park — Races.
COLDS
The quickest relief for a
cold is by Scott's emulsion of
codrliver oil.
You will find the ed^e taken
off in a night : and, in three or
four days, you'll be wondering
whether that cold amounted to
anything anyhow.
That's relief. If you tackle
it quick, the relief is quick ; if
you wait, the relief won't
come — you know how colds
j
hang on.
We'll '•end yon a little to try, U joa EVa.
SCOTT £ BOWNE, 4 »g Pearl itreet, New Y«^
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE LESLIE BALDWIN, HANDSOMEST LITTLE TUG EVER BUILT IN
THIS CITY. SHE WILL BE USED FOR TOWING ALEXANDER &
BALDWIN'S SUGAR LIGHTERS AT KAHULUI.
J. B. Casserly. member of the Board of
Education, yued the San Francisco Trans
fer Company for $175 In the Justice's
Court yesterday. The complaint alleges
that the company leased a two-story
brick building on Spear street, between
Market end Mission, and that this
month's rent has not been paid.
Casserly Wants His Bent.
The public Is cautioned to beware of
concerns claiming to operate lotter'es l»i
the City of Mexico, or at miy point in the
Republic of Mexico, as= all Fuch concerns
are fraudulent. The company owning the
lottery of* the Boneficencia Publica Com
pany is the only corporation in the Re
public of Mexico holdir.jr a concession
from the Mexican Xatlonal Government
to operate a lottery and the only one au
thorized and indorsed by said Govern
ment, which appoints Federal officers to
eup^rvise al! drawings and payments of
prizes. Dr. Oreporia Orive acting for the
Treasury Department and Apolinar Cas
tillo, intervenor, therefore everybody 13
assured of the honesty and reliability of
The Lottery of the Benelicencia Publica
Comr-*'i>\ City of Mexico, of which U.
Bassettl is president and manager.
In the December 27, 1900, drawing Frank
L&idl.iw, cashier with the D. H. Bibb
Lumber Co.. purchased for his wife. Au
pusta. Laidlaw. also quarter or $1.00 ticket
No. 4W8 in the above named lottery,
which won the first capital prize of $C0.
000.00. his share being $13,000.00, which
amount was promptly paid.
But the lurklest investor was a resident
of Los AnpeUfi, who purchased the whole
ticket No. M331; casting $4.00, which won
the whole of the first capital prize of $60,
000.00 in the Septr-mber Z1. 1SCK). drawing
of the I>ottf>ry of the Beneflcencia Publica
Company, City of Mexico, which amount
was promptly paid to J. GreenewaSd 1C7
South Spring street. Los Angeles. '
The above facts are the cause of the
popularity of the Lottery of the Benefl
< er.cla Publica Company of the City of
Mexico.
Many of our residents here have made
jnoney by investing in oil stocks, but D.
Meyer, the barkeeper of the Coneordia
Club, corner Post street and Van Xess av
enue, invested only 5LO0 by purchasing
quarter or $1.00 ticket No. Z1SO4 in the Jan
uary 24 drawing. 1901, of the Lottery of
the Benrficencia PublJca Company, City
of Mexico, which won quarter of the sec
end capitaJ prize of $20,000.00. his share be-
JnR- ISOOOlOO, which was as usual promptly
paid.
A Better Investment Than Oil.
Commercial Men Will Meet Legisla
tive Committee on Commerce
and Navigation.
An Invitation has been extended t£ the
members of tho Chamber of Commerce
to meet with the other commercial bodies
of this city next Saturday afternoon. The
purpose of the meeting is to confer with
the legislative Committee on Commerce
and Navigation on matters affecting
jsilotagre et the port of San Francisco.
The Question Is one that has been
troubling the commercial men for years,
wsA refers to what is known as compul
sory pilotage. Foreign vessels, when they
enter this port, are forced either to em
ploy a pilot or if they do not do so to pay
Lalf the rep-uiar fee.
This is felt to be too frequently an un
necessary expense and one from which
relief should be given. All due influence
¦will be used with the legislative commit
tee to secure a mature consideration of
this matter.
State Xieagne Convention Postponed
Until May 19 and Will Be
Held in Benicia.
The) members of the Iroquols Club •will
told their annual banquet next Tuesday
evening at on© of the downtown rotis
eerles. A committee consisting: of Wil
liam J. Bryan. Louis Metzg-er. Charles Gil
<2ea. Ma.ior Ellis Powell, L. V. Merle. Wil
liam McMann and H. I* Bienfleld is
making extraordinary preparations for
the affair, -which Tvill be the first of the
century. It Is «?xr<*ctcd that 150 gnests
¦will elt down at the feast, which will he
presided over by W. M. Cannon, president
of the Irnquois Club.
The toasts will include responses to
"Washington," by D. M. Delinks; "The
Vnited Slates," by Mayor Pbelan;
"Democracy" by James V. Coleman;
'¦California." by District Attorney Bying
ton. ar.d "The Iroquois Club," by Richard
P. Troy.
The usual convention of the State
beagne of Iroquois clubs will rot be held
In tills city on Washinpton'6 birthday as
in the past, but has been postponed until
May l'.<. when !t Trill be held In Benicia.
This will be In commemoration of the fif
ti.th anniversary of the first Democrat Ir
convention in th'.s State. The hall in
vhlcfa the convention was held is still in
The coming convention will
last three Jays and will be attended by
Hcmoorats from all over the State.
\V. W. Cannon will be chairman and
11. \J.. Bienfield secretary. A committee
consisting of William Cannon, W. J.
Iiryan. E.'Iis Powell. Gilbert I>exter. Lw
V. Merle ard Charles Gildea Is now in
r.-iTr.muriieation with the Town Trustees
of Benicia with a view toward obtaining
th<>:r co-oi-eration in making the event a
XBOQTJOIS CLUB PEZPAEES
FOB, ITS ANNUAL BANQUET
ARRIVED.
Thursday, February 21.
Stmr Nome City, Daniels, 25 hours from Eu
reka; bound to San Diego; put In to land pas
sengers.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. 6H days from Ta
conia. via Clallam Iky 3'i days.
6tmr 8anta Rosa. Glelow. 44 hours from San
Shipping Intelligence.
cluster cf four plies recently erected In rlx
f^et of wattr, about SO feet off Point Kdlth,
southerly shore of Sulsun Bay. The approx
imate geographical position of the llfrht. as
taken from chart No. 5^28 of the United States
Coast and Geodetic Survey, will be: Latitude,
north. 2S* 03' <06"); longitude, west. 122* 04'
<12"). Bearings and distances of prominent
objects from the light will be: Roe Island
Lighthouse, NE. «4 E.. 2H miles; Sulsun Point.
SW. % W, 2 ! i miles; Atmy Point, SW. by \\\
% \V.. 2"4 miles.
MIDDLE POINT BEACON LIGHT.
A fixed red lens-lantern light, illuminating:
the entire horizon, 21 feet above the water, on
the top of a red lamphouse surmounting a
cluster of four piles recently erected In 4H
feet of water, about SO feet oft Middle Point,
southerly shore of Sui"?un Bay. The approx
imate geographical DOFltlon of the light, as
taken from tne above-named chart, will be:
Latitude, north. SS* 03' (11"): longitude, went.
121* 59' (33"). Bearlnjfs and distances of prom
inent objects from the llsht will be: Honker
Kay Beacon. No. 5. NE. by E., V/i miles:
Ftake Point Beacon Light, E % N.. 2 miles;
Hoe Island Lighthouse, W. % N.. \% miles.
STAKE POINT BEACON LIGHT. .
A fixed red lens-lantern light. Illuminating
the entire horizon. 19 feet above the water, on
the top of a red lamphou?e surmounting a
cluster of four piles recently erected In six
feet of water, about 50 feet off Ftake Point,
southerly snore of *?ulsun Bay. The approx
imate geographical position of the light, as
taken from the above-named chart, win be:
Latitude, north, SS' 02' <5.V); longitude, west.
Ill* 67" (00"). Bearings ar.d distances of prom
inent objects from tho Jlght will be: Simmons
Point Beacon. NK. by K. 'M E-. »i mile; Mid
dle Point Beacon Light. W. ?4 a, 2 miles;
Hoc Island Lighthouse. "IV. 'i S., 3;i miles.
Bearings are majrn'stlc: mlfc-s are nautical
tr.ll?F; height* are referred to mean high water,
tl»-!Hhs to mean low- water.
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast. 1901." page 16, Xos.
?¦'>. 41 and 42. and the "List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast, 150L" pages 2G and 27.
By order of the Llchthcuse Board.
FRANCIS J. HIGOINPON, .
Bear Admiral, U. S. >»., Chairman.
POINT EDITH BEACON LIGHT.
A fixed red lens-lantern light, Illuminating
the entire horizon, 19 f^et above the water, on
the top of a red lamphouse surmounting a
will be established In Fulsun Bay
Notice to Mariners.
BUISUN BAT.
Notice is hereby given that on or about
March 4, 1901. the following-described lights
The Norwegian Bteanjer BergAihus cleared
yesterday for China and Japan with 25 bbls
oak extract and £0 bb!s flour as part cargo,
valued at J575. The vessel will call at San
Diego and load a general cargo for the Orient.
A Cargo for Marquesas Islands.
Th« French ship Maurice cleared yesterday
for Talohai. Marquesas Islands, with a gen
eral cargo valued at $1193, Including the fol
lowing: 6015 lbs rice, 10 os oil. 7-HX) It>s bread,
150 cs soap. 12,600 lt>« salt, 4 crs sewing- ma
chines, 9 pkg« groceries and provisions, 5 crs
potatoes, 2 crs onion*. 248 ft lumber, 40,000
Fhingles, 12 pkgs wagon material, 8 pkgs hard
ware.
Departure of the Bergenhus.
The Colony will load wheat at Portland for
Europe, 41s 3d; the Sierra Miranda, wheat at
Tacoma, same voyaee and rate; the Marie
HackfeM, wheat at Portland for Europe, SSs
£>d. All chartered r>rfor to arrival.
Wheat Shipment.
The Italian ship Ealvatore Ciampa cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 58.
021 ctls wheat valued at $O«.5S0 and 13,000 ft
lumber as dunnage valued at $2S5.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Wheat Vessels in Demand.
All wheat and barley found In the ware
houses on March 1 will be taxed, and in
consequence there has been a scurry
among the grain dealers to get their
wares afloat before that date. The un
loading of chartered vessels has been
rushed and every available carrier in port
has been pressed into service. The last
one taken was ihe big British ship Dltton.
She is 2699 tons net and will caxry about
D000 tons of grain. The charterer had to
advance the rates in order to pet her, and
SSs 9d was paid for the vessel.
The Edmund, that went ashore at Santa
Rosalia and which Is now in port, has
played In hard luck. She was chartered
at 47s 6d to lead wheat at Portland, but
in consequence of her mishap the charter
has been canceled.
Water Front Notes.
One of the Bryant and Brqnnan street
cars was wrecked at the corner of East
and Folsom streets yesterday. A wagon,
laden with grain was rounding the corner
when one of the wheels caught in the car
track and threw the wagon over against
the car. Every pane of glass in the car
was broken, the step was torn away and
the body of the car damaged. The wagon
ras not hurt.
The transport Sherman went to the
I'nion Iron Works yesterday. She is to
have new decks put in and the deck
houses remodeled. It will take about three
months to do the work. . '
There was a small fire at 210*4 Spear
Ftreet yesterday. Grace & Co. have a lot
of saltpeter piled up in their warehouse
and behind it there was a pile of sacks.
The sacks caught fire, but the blaze was
put out before much damage was done.
The steam schooner Brunswick and the
steamship Xome City left Eureka to
gether last Wednesday morning. The
former is bound for San Pedro and the
latter for San Diego. Beth had passen
gers for San Francisco and put in here
to land them. The Brunswick beat her
rival bv an hour, making the run In twen
ty-four hours. She docked at Powell
street, landed her passengers and was on
her way out again when the Nome City
was coming in. The latter vessel lost no
time, however, and the Brunswick's
smoke could still be seen when the Nome
City was in chase. San iedro is ninety
miles farther south than San Diego, but
the captain of the Brunswick says he will
make port about the same hour as the
Nome City.
»
Will Search for the Missing Ship.
The revenue cutter HcCulloch is coaled
and ready to sail this morning in search
of the German ship Otto Gildermeister.
Captain Coulson says, however, that if it
is thick and hazy outside he will not go
to eea, as it would be like searching for
a needle in a bundle of hay to try to find
the Gildermpister in a fog. The general
opinion among shipping men is that the
captain of the Gildermeister stood off
shore ivlien the gale came up three days
ago, and that he is now working his way
back to San Francisco.
HAVING A TEST OF SPEED.
T|—~^ XC1TEMENT was created on the
ni^ big battleship Wisconsin about 9
o'clock Wednesday night. The
.A— =-^ Wisconsin is moored to a buoy
about half a mile from the Union
Iron Works and it is expected that she
will go into commission within a day or
two. Shortly after the lights went out
the sentry heard two cries of distress
from tne water. He notified the officer
of the deck and in a few minutes a boat
was lowered and manned. Tho cries came
from three men in the water, and it was
not long before two of them were picked
up. The rescued men turned out to be
deserters from the Wisconsin. They said
that in company with a "landsman"
named J. Anderson they had slipped over
the side and started to swim for the shore.
When a hundred yards away from .the
ship their courage gave out and as the
water was extremely cold and they were
afraid of cramps they yelled for help.
Anderson disappeared and his companions
seem to think he is drowned. The olflcers
of the ship do not share this belief, how
ever, and every shore party has instruc
tions to keep a keen lookout for the de
serter.
Deserters From Battleship Find Water of the Bay Too Cold
to Be Endured, and Fearing Death by Drowning Yell
Loudly for Help, Which Comes From Man-of-War
BELIEVE SHAY
IS INNOCENT
Officers Think That Limb
Knocked Him and Flint
From Their Horses.
Board of Officers Will Investigate
the Mysterious Affair — Hun
dreds of Recruits to
Arrive.
Everything points toward the release in
a very short time of Joseph Shay of. the
Sixth Cavalry, who is confined in the Pre
sidio guardhouse until the mysterious
death of his comrade, Frank Flint, is in
vestigated. Thus far tho officers have
been unable to discover any cause for tho
rumors of foul play, other than the fact
that Shay says he cannot tell how Flint's
death was caused.
The cavalrymen who have served with
Shay and Flint have no hesitancy in say-
Ing that the Idea of foul play is prepos
teious, on the ground that the friendship
existing between the men was of too
strong a nature. They, as expert horse
men, also say that for a man to be swept
or knocked from the back of a horse by
limbs of trees is not uncommon, particu
larly when the hourses are being ridden
at high speed. They believe a limb caused
the fall of Shay and Flint.
Major Rucker and Lieutenant Eltinge
have about concluded their investigations
and have decided that the death of the
unfortunate cavalryman was due to an
accident. A board of officers, however,
will be appointed, which will further in
vestigate the mysterious affair, and until
this board reports' Shay will be kept In
confinement.
The latter still sticks to his story of
not being able to give any explanation of
the strange affair. He is still badly
shaken up and talks incoherently at times,
but it Is believed that he Is telling the
truth.
The First Battalion of the Tenth In
fantry is expected here Sunday. It left
Newport News, Virginia, February 17.
Hundreds of recruits will arrive at- the
Presidl.o within the next few days. Word
T\as received yesterday that 7S0 had left
points in New York and Ohio for this
coast. They will be assigned to the Third
Provisional Battalion of infantry and the
First Provisional Squadron of cavalry.
When these two organizations are com
pleted the department will organize an
other battalion of. Infantry.
YUBA COUNTY WOMAN
KILLED BY OPERATION
T>r. Ernst A. Bohra Reports a Fatal
Case Which Will Be Investi
gated by the Coroner.
Dr. Ernst A. Bohm of SM Golden Gat©
avenue reported to Coroner Leland yester
day that Mary Ann Sevey, an unmarried
woman 23 years old, had died at 1312
Golden Gate avenue. According to the
story told by the doctor and Mrs. M. Weg
ner, the nurse in the case, Miss Sevey,
came from Yuba County to Mrs. Wegner's
house at 1312 Golden Gate avenue on Feb
ruary 9, and on February IS Dr. Bohm
was called In. An hour later he sent for
Dr. F. W. Harris of 933 Market street for
consultation. Dr. Eohm ! remained with
the sick woman until 3:35 yesterday morn-
Ing, at which hour the woman died.
An autopsy by Morgue Surgeon Luigi D.
Baclgalupl showed that death had been
caused by septic peritonitis following an
unlawful operation. Coroner Leland will
hold an Inquest and Will endeavor to
ascertain the identity of the guilty physi
cian.
When Robert E. Glaze shot down his
partner, William Trcv. hel'.a. In the kitchen
d the Windsor Hotel, it was said that a
shortage In his accounts existed and hlj
desire to keep the fact from hi3 partner
furnished a motive for his crime. This
theory has been proven erroneous.
A report was filed yesterday In Judge
Kerrigan's court by J. J. McCarthy, who
was appointed to expert the books and ac
counts of the co-partnership between
Glaze and Trewhella. "With the exception
of a few trivial clerical errors the books
were found to be correct ar.d contained no
evidence cf a ehort&ga cr manipulation
•n the part ct Glaxe to cover any of his
traneaetioss while conducting the busi
ness of the hotel.
McCarthy was appointed by Judge Ker
rigan to expert the hotel books at the re
quest of counsel la the action lnstltute-1
by Glaze and his wife against Trewhella's
trlflow and other interested parties for an
accounting of the affairs of the'buslness.
Jils report on the books and accounts
covens the period from April 25. 1900. when
Glaze and Trewhella took charge of the
hotel, to January 16 last, upon which date
the action for an accounting was insti
tuted.
McCarthy finds that 6lr.ee assuming the
toiaaagement of the hotel Glaze has drawn
1725 60 and Trewhella $19175. At the time
they entered Into the co-partnership they
exemited a chattel mortgage on the fur-
Til»hlar» of the hotel for $3000. upon which
J1000 has been paid, and thev also paid off
a claim for 5315 93 made bv J. M. Janes. A
full account of receipts and disbursements
was kept by Glaze and outside the fact
that during the period of the co-partner
ship he drew a few hundred dollars more
from the business than did Trewhella
there Is nothing to show that financial
troubles caused the killing of the last
jiaiaed.
This Disproves Correctness of State
cent That Financial Troubles-
Caused Killing of William
Trewhella.
Expert McCarthy Reports
Windsor Hotel Books
Correct. .
GLAZE NOT SHOUT
IN HIS ACCOUNTS
THREE WISCONSIN SAILORS JUMP
OVERBOARD AND ONE IS MISSING
. The regular weekly meeting, of the So
cial Democratic Society of this city which
was held last . night at the Academy of
Sciences Hall was attended by a large au
dience, composed principally of men. H.
J. Whitaker was the orator of the evening
and spoke upon "Natural Science."
Social Democrats Meet.
Miss Katherine Felton, secretary of the
Associated Charities, of Oakland, deliv
ered an address last night before the San
Ffanclsco section of the Council of Jewish
Women on the matter of caring for do
pendent children. She strongly favors the
Michigan system of placing the waifs and
orphans with families, instead of sending
them to publlcMnstltutions supported by
State aid. During tho past year 5523 de
pendent children were cared for in Cali
fornia at an expense of $3oO,000 to tho tax
payers. Of these children 15 per cent
were orphans, 71 per cent half-orphans
and 14 per cent were abandoned by their
parents.
The Care of Dependent Children.
Ones Participate.
During the present week, services espe
cially designated for. the benefit of chil
dren, and for the most part conducted by
the little folks themselves, are being held
wherever a branch of the Salvation Army
exists. In this city most of the ser
vices have already concluded. One
meeting was held last nlgrht by
Corps 4 of this city at the barracks,
3116 Sixteenth street, and was largely at
tended by children. The choir which had
been organized for the occasion was com
posed of children. The programme of the
evening consisted of vocal and Instrumen
tal music, an allegorical game Inculcat
ing a moral lesson and speeches from the
officers. Ensign Winters was in charge of
the meetlne. j
SALVATION ARMY HOLDS
SERVICES FOB CHILDREN
Special Programmes Arranged for
the Occasion in Which Little
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, 24 hours from
Eureka: bound to San Pedro; put In to land
parser, jrers.
Stmr State of California. Jepsen, 60 hours
from Victoria and Pusret Sound ports.
Stmr Robert Dollar. Ellefsen. 4 days from
Seattle.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson, 41 hours from San
Pedro.
Ptmr Charles Nelson, Klltgaard, 24 hours
from Eureka.
Stmr Washtenaw, Zoning. SO hours from Ta
coraa.
CLEARED.
Thursday, February SI.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria; Oregon Rail
road & Nav Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Humboldt, Bonifleld, Seattle; M Kallsh
& Co.
Stmr Corona. Hlnkle. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Nor stmr Bereenhus, Svendsen. Hongkong.
via San Dlcgo; Cal & Oriental SS Line.
Chi! stmr Palena, Moon, Valparaiso and way
ports: Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
Ital ship Palvatore Ciampa, Caflero, Queens
town; Balfour. Guthrle & Co.
Bktn Irm&ard, Schmidt, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond & Co.
Fr Echr Maurice, Grelet, Marquesas Islands:
J Plnet & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, February 21.
Stmr Humboldt, Bonifleld. Eureka and Se
attle.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen. Crescent City.
Stmr Nome City, Daniels, San Diego.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, San Pedro.
Simr Willamette. Hansen, .
Strr.r Luella, Madsen, .
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, Eureka.
Itarge Santa Paula, McGovern, San Pedro. In
tow of tue Rescue.
Schr AVebfoot. Mercer. Grays Harbor.
Scfcr Gen Banning,. IJennerwltz. Mazatlan.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 21. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 4 miles.
SPOKEN.
Jan 1. lat 2 N, Ion 2S "\V— Br thlp Afon Alaw.
hence Sept 6, for Queenstown.
Per tug Monarch— Off the lightship, Russ
ship Harbinger, from Antwerp, for San Fran
cisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 21— Brig Geneva,
for Grays Harbor; schr Roy Somers, for Grays
Harbor.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 21— Schr Ea
ther Buhne. for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLO%Y— Arrived Feb 21— Br Btmr
Port Stephens, from Port Townsend.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 21— Br stmr
Port Albert and Br ship Port Stephens, from
Manila; schr S&lior Boy. hence Feb 13.
VENTURA— Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, for: San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Dolphin,
from Alaska. Feb 21— Stmr Cottage City, from
Alaska.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Sailed Feb 21— Stmr
San Mateo. for Nanalmo.
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 21— Schr Ivy, hence
Feb 13.
Sailed Feb 21— Stmr Empire, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Feb 21— Bark • Ferris S
Thompson, for San Francisco; stmr Despatch,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Eureka,
hence Feb 20.
Sailed Feb 21— Stmr Westport, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Alliance, for San Francisco; schr
Mabel Gray, for Redondo.
Launched— Al vena.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GENOA— Cleared Feb 4— Ger stmr Denderah,
for San Francisco.
ROUEN— Sailed Feb IS— Fr bark Cambronne,
for San Francisco, via Cardiff.
TALCAHUANO- Sailed Jan 25— Br bark Kil
leran, for San Francisco.
PORT PmiE-Salled Feb 15— Shlo Reaper,
for Newcastle, Aus.
ESQUIMALT— Arrived Feb 20— Chil bktn
Alta. from Honolulu.
GUATMAS— Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Curacao, for
*N?EWCASTLE. Aus — Sailed Feb 20— Schr
Kailua, for Honolulu; Bchr J M Colman, for
MELBOURNE — Arrived Feb 21— Bark St
James, from Chematnus.
HAKODATE— Sailed Feb 10— Aus stmr Mari
anne, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 21— Stmr L'Aqui
talne. for Havre; stmr Oldenburg, for Bremen.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Feb 21— Stmr La
Champagne, from St Johns and Halifax; stmr
Ultonla, from Boston. -
Sailed Feb St— Stmr Laurentian, for Phila
delphia: Btmr Cuflc. for NeW York.
QCEEXSTOWN- Sailed Feb 21— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Liverpool, for Is'ew Tork.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Requiem mass, quartet for soprano,
mezzo-soprano, tenor and bass; Slgnorine
Ida Valeria and Lla Polletlni and Slg
nori Plo Facci and S. J. Sandl; Profes
sor Glullo Minetti. conductor.
"Miserere," from opera "II Trovatore" . . . Verdi
Elgnorlna Nice Barbareschl, Slgnor Vit
torlo Emanuele Castellano and chorus
of Italian Philharmonic Club; Professor
Gustavo Fanlstza, Instructor; Professor
V. Ursumando, conauctor.
Professor Glullo Mlnetti, conductor.
English oration Hon. James D. Phelan
Pilgrim chorus, opera. "I Lombardi' Verdi
Italian Philharmonic Club; Professor ,
Gustavo Panlzza, Instructor; Professor
S. Martinez, conductor.
Italian oration Chevalier J. Calegarls
"Lux Bterna" Verdi
Requiem mass, trio for soprano, tenor
and bass: Signortna Sylvia Puerarl and
Signorl Plo Faccl and S. J. Sandl; Pro
fessor B. Martinez, conductor.
' 'Recordare' ' Verdi
Requiem mass, duo for soprano and con
tralto: Slgnorlna Nice Barbareschl and
Lia Polletinl; Professor R. A. Lucchesi,
conductor.
' 'Ingemlsco' ' Verdi
Requiem mass, solo for tenor; Slgnor
Vlttorlo Emanuele Castellano; Professor
R. A. Lucchesi, conductor.
"Domlne Jesus' ' Verdi
Grand Memorial Exercises to Be H«ld
at the Tivoli on Sunday
Afternoon.
The Italians of this city are preparing:
for a grand Verdi memorial service, to
take place on Sunday afternoon at the
Tlvoll. The memory of the grand old man
is to be honored with a splendid pro
gramme of music made up from his own
compositions, j There will be an English
oration and an Italian oration. Mayor
Phelan will speak for the city and J. Call-
Jaro will express the tender sentiments of
th,e late composer's compatriots.
The Tlvoll management has generously
placed the use of the theater at the dis
posal of the Italian colony, together with
an orchestra of forty-five pieces. The pro
gramme arranged for the afternoon Is as
follows:
Symphony cf "Nabucco" Verdi
ITALIANS WILL HONOR
THE MEMORY OF VERDI
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High ana Low
¦Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at tho
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; tha
height of tide is the same at both place?.'
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22.
NOTE— In the above exposition of tho tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand golumn and the successive tides of .the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last tido
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign ( — ) precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
1* the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchnage, San Francisco, Cal.,
February 21. 1501.
Tho time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the lMth meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge.
THE SAN FRAKGISed CA£E;r FRIDAY^ FEBRUARY 22; ; 190i: r
7
COMPtTLSORY PLLOTAGE
TO BE KECONSIDESED
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City Rio Jan... China and Japan Feb. 22
Kederlea Nanairao ....|Feb. 22
Czarina j Seattle and Tacoma....|Feb. 22
Crescent City.. Crescent City I Feb. 22
Argo Cbqullle River |Feb. 22
Newburg Grays Harbor Feb. 22
Colon Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 23
San Pedro Humboldt Feb. 23
Kureka Humboldt |Feb. 23
Coqulllo River. Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Kmpire iCoos Bay Feb. 24
North Fork 'Humboldt Feb. 24
G. W. Elder... J Portland and Astoria... Feb. 24
Hyades Oyster Harbor Feb. 24
Bonlta Newport Feb. 24
Queen San Diego Feb. 24
TJtanla Nanalmo Feb. 24
Alamcrla Sydney and Way Ports Feb. 25
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 25
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 25
Mattewan Tacoma Feb. 25
Coptic China and Japan ...... Feb. 26
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports .... Feb. 26
Leelanaw battle Feb. 26
Progreso Taeoma Feb. 26
Curacao Mexican Ports Feb. 27
Corona Newport Feb. 27
Coronado San Pedro Feb. 27
Point Arena... Point Arena Feb. 28
Santa Rosa San Diego Feb. 2S
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
i February 22. •
Mandalay.... Coqullle River .... 10 am Pier 2
Fulton Grays Harbor .... 2 pm Pier —
Pomona HumboWt 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Corona Newport ,.... 9 am Pier 11
Palena Valparaiso & Way 12' m S.W. 2
alena February 23. |
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Arro Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
New-bun? Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Marlposa Honolulu "••••••••• 2 pm Pier 7
Hainler Seattle & N. What a pm Pier 2
Fcltrunry 24.
Santa, r.osa... San Diego ......... 9 am Pier 11
Febrnnry 25.
Empire.....-- Coo« Itay 10 am Pier IS
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier. 13
State of Cal.. Pugot Sound Ports U am Pier 8
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
February ,20.
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier a
IJonlta •• Newport 9 am Pier 11
Kebraary 27. , <.
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Queen San Diego ......... 9 am Pier 11
North Fork.. Humboldt. 9 am Pier 2
City Rio Jan. China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
G. W. Blder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Febranry 28."
Colon..." Panama & Way Pt lpm PMS6
Steamer.
!
Destination.
Sun rises
Bun sets
Moon !>ots 10:23 p
0 Time Time Time Tlmel
g. Ft. Ft. Ft.
P H W L W H W L W
23 ..: 1:41 5.7 7:4S 0.6 2:15 6.0 7:55
23 ... 1:21 6.8 8:47 O.Z 3:23 4.6 8:!0
24 ... 8:10 C.x 9:54 0.4 4:40 4.2 9:33
23 ... 4:00 5.3 11:06 0.3 6:01 4.1 10:40
16 ... 5:01 5.7 12:20 0.1 7:21 4.1 11:55
27 ... 6:10 5.7 1:S5 0.0 8:30 4.4
L. W H W L W H AV
23 ... 1:10 2.9 7:21 6.7 2:22 0.1 9:21
.6:53
.6:53
>. m.
i
m
1.3
1.9
2.3
2.8
3.0
4.7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City Rio Jan... China and Japan Feb. 22
Kederlea Nanairao ....|Feb. 22
Czarina j Seattle and Tacoma....|Feb. 22
Crescent City.. Crescent City I Feb. 22
Argo Cbqullle River |Feb. 22
Newburg Grays Harbor Feb. 22
Colon Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 23
San Pedro Humboldt Feb. 23
Kureka Humboldt |Feb. 23
Coqulllo River. Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Kmpire iCoos Bay Feb. 24
North Fork 'Humboldt Feb. 24
G. W. Elder... J Portland and Astoria... Feb. 24
Hyades Oyster Harbor Feb. 24
Bonlta Newport Feb. 24
Queen San Diego Feb. 24
TJtanla Nanalmo Feb. 24
Alamcrla Sydney and Way Ports Feb. 25
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 25
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 25
Mattewan Tacoma Feb. 25
Coptic China and Japan ...... Feb. 26
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports .... Feb. 26
Leelanaw battle Feb. 26
Progreso Taeoma Feb. 26
Curacao Mexican Ports Feb. 27
Corona Newport Feb. 27
Coronado San Pedro Feb. 27
Point Arena... Point Arena Feb. 28
Santa Rosa San Diego Feb. 2S
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
i February 22. •
Mandalay.... Coqullle River .... 10 am Pier 2
Fulton Grays Harbor .... 2 pm Pier —
Pomona HumboWt 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Corona Newport ,.... 9 am Pier 11
Palena Valparaiso & Way 12' m S.W. 2
alena February 23. |
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Arro Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
New-bun? Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Marlposa Honolulu "••••••••• 2 pm Pier 7
Hainler Seattle & N. What a pm Pier 2
Fcltrunry 24.
Santa, r.osa... San Diego ......... 9 am Pier 11
Febrnnry 25.
Empire.....-- Coo« Itay 10 am Pier IS
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier. 13
State of Cal.. Pugot Sound Ports U am Pier 8
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
February ,20.
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier a
IJonlta •• Newport 9 am Pier 11
Kebraary 27. , <.
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Queen San Diego ......... 9 am Pier 11
North Fork.. Humboldt. 9 am Pier 2
City Rio Jan. China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
G. W. Blder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Febranry 28."
Colon..." Panama & Way Pt lpm PMS6
Steamer.
!
Destination.
Sun rises
Bun sets
Moon !>ots 10:23 p
0 Time Time Time Tlmel
g. Ft. Ft. Ft.
P H W L W H W L W
23 ..: 1:41 5.7 7:4S 0.6 2:15 6.0 7:55
23 ... 1:21 6.8 8:47 O.Z 3:23 4.6 8:!0
24 ... 8:10 C.x 9:54 0.4 4:40 4.2 9:33
23 ... 4:00 5.3 11:06 0.3 6:01 4.1 10:40
16 ... 5:01 5.7 12:20 0.1 7:21 4.1 11:55
27 ... 6:10 5.7 1:S5 0.0 8:30 4.4
L. W H W L W H AV
23 ... 1:10 2.9 7:21 6.7 2:22 0.1 9:21
.6:53
.6:53
>. m.
i
m
1.3
1.9
2.3
2.8
3.0
4.7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
®VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse,, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, pm Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stops X»H 11 rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. EffectsZT^.^rr_a r e immediate.
Impart viitor and*-** 1/w * = 'potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure is at
band. Restore small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the' brain and nerve centers; S0c a
box; 6 for J2 50 by mall. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDT CO 1 .
40 Ellis Bt., San Francisco. Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO.. 38 and 40 Third st.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
>>-i;~ on Application. .
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
! T WII SON fc CO *°° Battery Street.
J-W- TTIL3UH tt V/U-i Telephone Main is«4.
COPPERSMITH.
/•SlT CMITH ehl P Plumbing. Steamboat and
W- TTOiTlll H Ship Work a specialty. 16 and
18 Washington at. Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAC RAVFC £ f ft Chipping Butchers, u*
JA3- DUlciffyU- Clay. Tel. Mala 1294.
OILS.
LTTBRICATTNO OILS. LEONARD A ELLIS.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTINQ.
E.c: HUGHES, m-ESK7&..F.
PRINTERS. BOO BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
Z) First at, San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telerraphio pAgTRIDGE **
AMUSE MEMT3.
GRAND* OPERA. MOUSE
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT
AND
M. GOQUEUN.
Under the Direction of MR. MAURICE GRAU.
TO-NIGHT.
"CYRANO Oii l»tRGERAC."
TO-MORROW MATINEB. INSTEAD OV
"PHEDUE." BT GENERAL REQUEST "LA
TOSCA" WILL BE PRESENTED. TO US
FOLLOWED BT "LES PREi'lEUSES RIDI-
CUJTES." TO-MORROW nl?ht. farewell, third
• ct of "Cyrano de Berserac." third act of "La
Tcsca." monologue by M. Coquelin. last two
acts of "La Dame aux Camelias." The cur-
tain will rise on this occasion at 7:15 p. m.
ftl.arp.
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT and M. COQUE-
LIN Will Appear tn Each Performance.
Branch Ticket Ortlce— Emporium.
EXTRA!
COMMENCING SUNDAT EVENING NEXT.
REOPENING OF STOCK SEASON.
Aff?. HOWARD HALL
"A HUSBAND'S HONOR."
The sensational Incident of which will be his
rescuefof a glove from a den of Hens.
Usual Popular Prices.
Seats Now on Sale.
'it- ;'- ; ;L' ""*¦¦' • *
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY
MATINEE TO-DAY.
Parquet. 25c. any seat: Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, lCc. any part except reserved.
A Big Bill and Entirely New.
DUMOND'S MINSTRELS: A. L. GTTILLE:
THREE .KELCET SISTERS: JOHNNIE
JOHNS: AL and MAMIE ANDERSON;
IDALENE COTTON and NICK LONO:
DOROTHY STUDEBAKER: GEORGE
AUSTIN MOORE: THE GREAT AMERI-
CAN BIOGRAPH.
OUsLUi7i559£4 LEADING THEATRE
NOTE— No telephone or mall orders accepted.
All regular first night reservations must b«
taken up by Saturday noon.
SSJfiEft* FEBRUARY 25th,
ONLY APPEARANCES HERB OF MR3.
LESLIE GARTER
After Her London Triumph.
As ZAZA In
DAVID BELASCO'S PLAY
(A Version of Berton & Simon's Drama).
MRS. CARTER, by Special Request. wtU
tire an Extra Matinee.
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 27.
In Addition to the Regular Saturday Matinea.
PRICES— J2.TO. $1.50. I1.0O. Tie and EOc.
SEATS NOW SELLING!
ONLY THREE MORE PERFORMANCES.
To-night. To-morrow Afternoon and To-Mor-
row Night, of the Sensational Scenic
Production.
THE WAIFS
fNEW YORK
Ol TJ 1 C Tne Great Bridge Scene.
PjEi The Famous Old Five Points.
The Great Fire Scene.
POPULAR PRICES - Matinee. Me. 23c.
Nl*ht, 73c. 50c. 25c.
Next Sunday Afternoon that which will pleas*
you most. "THE VILLAGE PARSON."
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAY
i AT J.
••AMIAWIZ? WELL, RATHER."
HOUSE PACKED NIGHTLY:
WIZARD
% E NILE!
By Harry B. Smith and Victor Herbert,
i Reappearance of ALF. C. WHEELAN,
"HOOT MO.NT
POPULAR PRICES 2S and 60 cents
( Telephone— Bush J.
OLVHEATR £JA V
• WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY
. MATINEE TO-DAY.
THE REMARKABLE LAUGH-MAKER,
"What Happened
To Jones,"
REGULAR MATINEE SAT. AND SUN.
CHUTES_and ZOO
SPECIAL!
TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT,
j BIG CELEBRATION
WASHINGTON'S
BIRTHDAY.
6RAND FIREWORKS DISPLAY
AT NIGHT.
I Telephone for Seats— rark 23.
| THE: SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK.
i Continuous Racing, Beiclnnlns Monday, Febru-
ary 11, 19C1.
i
• SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
Six Stake Events. Three Hurdle Races and Six
Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF THE DAT AT 2:10 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townsend otreets for
Tanforan Park at 7. 10:40. 11 :30 a. m.. 12:10. 1.
1:30 and 2 p. rrs. Trains leave Tanforan Park
for San Francisco at 4:13 p. m.. followed after
the last race at Intervals of a few minutes by
several specials. Seats In rear cars reserved for
ladies and their escorts. Admission to course,
Including railroad fare, $1 25.
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWARD POWERS. Racine Secretary.
• 5*. F> TWT THE GREATEST
• J\ r^ 13 MANDOLIN1ST IN THE
• -f^S-* * J WORLD.
• WEEK OF FEB. 18— GOLDEN 6ATE HALL.
. GRAEBER'S MANDOLIN CLUB, 100 Members
HAZEL LEZYNSKY. Soprano.
ABT uses and Indorses the Famous WASH-
BURN Mandolin, for which KOHLER &
CHASE are sole agsnts.
HENSCHELS.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
- NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
• TUESDAY. THURSDAY and SATURDAY
AFTERNOONS, February 26th. Kth and
March Id.
I POPULAR PRICES.
Reserved Seats 50c. »c and fl.00. on sa> to-
" day at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall, S3 gutter.
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
of railroads.
Office, SO Montgomery street. •
¦ ¦ ¦. " • -¦;• ¦...-:
jfe^fSRSsSSaKS^rog^SS^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN UNSIGHTLY MOUTH.
Do not permit the lack of teeth, or the
presence of ugly teeth, to disfigure the
mouth. The adding of new
TEETH
Or the extraction of the old is a matter
of no difficulty. Neither operation
causes pain. Our methods of
DENTISTRY
Keep step with the advancement of the
science. Our prices are ba/ed upon the
excellent quality of our work.
chalmers"dental co.,
San Francisco. 133 POWELL ST.
EXCURSION
TO BATTLESHIP WISCONSIN
WASHINQTON'S BIRTHDAY *ni SUNDAY
IN PETERSON'S LAUNCHES.
FROM FOLSOM-ST. WHARF ONLY
nil I A r These hotels pos-
p/ILALi t sess the attribute *
that tourists and
Qnn travelers appreciate
"»« —central location,
0 P A M n liberal manage-
U n H il U ment, modern ap-
yATri A pointments and
nUltLoi p A erfect "fj?-
» American and Eu-
San PrandSCO. ropean plans.
IA/. T. HESS.
«GTART PU3LI3 AMD ATTOBHSjr.AP-L\».
Tenth Floor,' Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 93L
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
Oirr nOtlAI Corner Fourth and
valises ehecked free
AMUsraiEtrra.
BELASCOAKoTHALCS^ferf^
Phone South 333
EXTRA MATINEE TO-DAT, "Washington's
Birthday.
PRICES— 10c. 13c, 23c.
Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
TO-NIGHT. Saturday and Sunday evening*
last performances of the Great Comedy Drama.
CH1MMIE FADDENI
See tha Bowery Boy-CHIMMIE FADDEN.
Bowery of New York ReaUstlcally Pictured.
DDiri'f Evenings 10c. 15c. 25c. SOo
rnltCJ Matlnefs 10c. 15c. 23c
Next Week— Mammoth Production of "THE
GIRL. I LEFT BEHIND ME." v
Phono iittun 770.
MATINEB TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT. THE ORIGINAlr—
UNCLEX 3S 2 p bi| 1c * I
JOSH Bands. \
SFffUCEBY.
All New Specialties. Watch tor the Farad*
Open Air Concert.
PRICES— 25c. 35c, oOc and 73c. Matinee—
lie. 2Ec. SSc and Me.
Next Sunday afternoon, first time In thls_eity,
AL. O. FIELD GREATER MINSTRMCa.
FIFTY PEOPLE— ALL. ARTISTS.
RACING I RACING! RACING!
19C0-WINTER MEETINO-1901.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
FEB. 11 TO FEB. 23. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RAdETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day Friday and Saturday. Rain or shin*.
Five or mor« races each day.
Kaces start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Kerry-boats leave San Frandaco at 13 -n. and
1I-S0. 1, 1:30. *. * : 3° and I p. ra.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance t> tha
track. Last two cars on train reset-red for
ladits and their eicorts; no imoklr.j. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All tralas via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole ron-
r.ect with San Pablo avenue 'cars at Fourteenth
er.d Broadway. Oakland. These electric can
co direct .to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:4a p m. and immediately after the last raco.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY, Feb. 22.
MA6fllFlGEIIT_GaURSIHG !
CALIFORNIA PLATE— 1 round.
BELLE BRANDON CUP— 2 rounds.
TRAIN SERVICE— Leaves Third and TVwn-
send 8ts. 10:15 a. m.. 11 a, m. and 1:15 p. tn.,
returning at 4:45 p. m. and after last course.
Admission 23c. Ladles free.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
" TO-NIGHT at 8:13 TO-NIGHT
LAST CONCERT OF
LEONORA JACKSON
The World-Famous .'Violinist.
Assisted by JOSEPHINE ELBURNA. Soprano
and SELDEN PRATT, Pianist
POPULAR PRICES— 50c. 73c and It
SEATS ON SALE ALL DAT AT THE HALL.
FISCHER'S co 1^, B Ji OT H ScV SE
The Leonls. Swor. McGreayey and Swor.
Rosco and Sims, the Alcedos. Ruth Nelta. Ger-
tie Ansell, and Hlnrichs' augmented orchestra.
Reserved Seats. 25c Matinee Sunday.
Massive Oak'
Extension Tables
REDUCED Ott) ce\
from $20.00 to $IZiUU
¦fte have an Immense' stock of S
FURNITURE I
and CARPETS I
which we are selling at B
GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. S
CASH or CREDIT.
Free delivery within 200 miles
on $25 worth and over.
T. Brilliant Furniture Co.,
338-342 Post St.
0; en Evening*. Near Fo-relL
They say Bernhardt is over
fifty and looks but half of
that. Bead what a reporter
¦who "suped" in the company
has to say in next Sunday's
CalLBradstreet' s Financial Review.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
Bradstreet 's on Trade.
Continued on Page Eleven.
The temperature ncB fallen from 10 to T>
<V« r «-e« along the Flerr* and through Nevada
<J-jr:r.K the pa*t twenty-four hours. Thr.vjgh
rut California the temperature Mill continues
i-cveral degrees above the normal.
Rain ha* fellen in the S*n Joaquin Valley.
J?i the SfJlnas Valley and along the Siena.
The river at Sacramento is 25.6 feet and
rising at Maryrville 1S.2 and falling, at Red
I'.luff lfc.S cr.d falllr.r.
Forecast ma3e at San Francisco fcr thirty
lif-ur* ending midnight. February 22, 1901:
Northern California— Cloudy Friday, possibly
l;pht »ho»er»; light southerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather, probably Fhowers Friday; light suuth
v.«t winds.
Nevada— Shov-frs Friday.
Utah— Cloudy, probably light showers Fri-
Czy.
Arizona — Cloudy, probably 6howers Friday.
6an Fran<-isco and vicinity — CJoudy Friday,
¦with for in the morning; possibly showers;
llfcbt southwest wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIK.
Forecast Official.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over Arizona
{.nd along the coast from Cape M»n2;>eir.o to
tht mouth of the Columbia River. A moJerate
dtetSttaM* overlies the valley of the Colorado
cr.a will jirobslly move flo-aiy eastward.
FORECAST.
F*r Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C4; minimum, T.4; mean. C9.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— Bradstreefs on Feb
ruary -23 will say: Trade as a whole has
shown further expansion this week, despit4
severe weather tending to check trade at some
Northern and Western markets In the face of
very unsatisfactory conditions In the cotton
manufacturing trade, brought about by dull
ness . in cotton goeds nt . first • hands. The po
sition of retailers with large stocks has been
really improved by the continued cold weather.
Foremost among the lines noting Improvement
this week is the dry-goods : trade. The boot
and shoe industry has likewise continued In
satisfactory shape,- and some varieties of leath
er reflect recent activity in advances at East
ern markets. Iron and steel In the crude
forms have been very strong at. Central and
Eastern markets and considerable advances are
reported In piglron and steel .billets. Heavy
sales are reported • from Plttsbury, Birming
ham and other markets. Bessemer plglron at
PittsburgMs now selling at $14 75.' the highest
price for months, while a premium of $1 50 a
ton is exacted on Immediate deliveries of steel
billets, although the official quotation of $19 73
still maintains. Finished products are reported
In good demand. Merchantable bars were : ad
vanced $2 a ton late last week, and 1.35c Is now
the minimum price for these goods. Structural
material Is reported active. In some respects
In fact the state of this trade as a whole is
the strongest since before the collapse last
spring. Export trade Is slack, foreign iron
and steel e.re steadily going lower, and the
fear of discriminating duties against American
Iron and steel is evident, although the first
manifestation, that ' In • the case . of Russia, In
volves n. small amount of business. '
The. strength of building materials of all
kinds, particularly of white and • yellow pine
and builders' hardware, -has. been notable, and
from many cities come the. report that a large
amount of building will •¦ be done " the coming
spring. Coffee, strengthened on better con
sumptive demand. .Tea has met with : better
sale, as the prospects for any Immediate
change In the present tariff by Congress be
comes less probable. Tin Is higher, in' sym
pathy with speculative activity abroad.
The cereals show little definite movement,
taking the week ; as a , whole, except . in flour,
.which Is 10 to 20 cents a barrel f higher. I Wheat
Is fractionally higher and corn unchanged.
Wheat. Including flour, shipments for five days,
aggregate 4.424.302 bushels, against 4.814.S7S
bushels last week. > .. '¦¦.
From July 1; to date this season wheat ex-
There was a very heavy business on ths
mornlns session • of the Bond Exchange.
Oceanic Steamship sold down to $67. and tho
eugar gTOup were east«r. Makaweli sellint- off
to $43 CO and Honokaa to $32 73. while Paau
hau and Hutchinson were a fraction or !>¦¦>
lower. Contra Costa Water declined to $68 SO,
In th« afternoon tha sugar stocks were weak,
with the exception of Makaweli. which re
covered to $44. Paau*iau Fold down to tZ3 37V».
Honokaa to $J2 23 and Hawaiian Commercial
at $81 50©S3- Oceanic declined to $."3 50. The
assessment of $10 on this stock falls delinquent
March 23.
The oil stocks were quiet on both exchanges
on the mornlns session. Hanford declined to
$107- and Occidental of West Virginia to 64c.
while Gold Dollar was higher at 50»-.
In the afternoon Hanford was still lower at
$10<>. while Gold Pollar fell back to 45c.
None of the exchanges will be in session to
day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Feb. 21—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid A^k
r S 4s coup...H3*llUH;r; S 4a cp(new)i37v.tnsu
Do 4s reg.-..113-\U4Hl Do Ss coup... - U1U
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C0...IO0U — Oak W Co 5s. — 102
Cal-st Cab 5s. 11$ — Oceanic SS Es.l06mO7ii
C C Water 5s. — 109 Om C R 6s. ...123 -
E L & P «s..l23 133»i Pac G Imp 4s. - 1C0
F & Cl Ry 6s..ll4Vi — Pk & Cl R 69.103 -
Geary-3t It 5s. — — Pk & O R 6s.. — —
Haw C 5%s...lO8Vi— Powell-st R 6s. 120X4 —
I>o5s — — SEG&Ras. — 9S'£
L A R R 5s...H2Vi — S F & SJV5s.l20 —
L A Lt 6s — — S R of Cal 6s.H0 —
Da gntd 6«.. — 104 S P of A «s...ll2 —
Do rntd 5s.. — — S P C 6s <13«5
L A V R 5s... 101 H1C2^ Series A 110^ —
Markt-st C 6s. 126 — Do ( Series B)U0» 4 —
Do 1st c Ss..l23%124% Do «13C6> t...l!3'» —
N C N G R 7s — 113',i Do (1912) ....122 1 * —
N R of Cal «s.U3 — 3 P C 1st g »3.10«Vs —
Do 5s 12«V;i21 S P Br R 6s. .132 —
N P C R R 63.IOIH — S V Water 63.115% —
Do 5a 108H — Do 4s 104 —
N C R R 5s. ..111^, — Do 3d mtg... — 103'^
O O L & H os.113 — Stkn G & E 6s. 103 1C6^«
Oak Tr Co 6s. US —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 6S 70 [Spring Valley. 93 «!>4
Marln County. 52V* — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 — . Pac Lt Co.... 43% «4«; .
Eqult Gas 3% — Sac E GAR.— 37V,'
Mut Elec Lt.. - 8 S K G & E.... 43% 4SV
O O L & H-. 43^4 50% San Francisco. 4H —
Pac Gas Imp.. 44H — IStktn G * E.. — U
- INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.232 — f
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal ... 77 — iLen P & A....M4 150
Bank ol Cal. .410 -Her Ex Otq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep. — IO0H1S F National.. — 123
1st N of S F.. - S12H
WHEAT— Spot— Dull. .No. . 2 red . Western
winter, os llVid: No. 1 California. 6s 2d; No 1
Northern spring, 6s 2Hd. , Futures— Firm.
March, os ll%d: May, 6s Hd.
> CORN— Spot— Quiet. American - mixed, new.
CLOSING
LONDON. Feb. 21.— Consols. 97 11-18; silver,
2S%d;t French rentes, 102f 30c; cargoes on pas
sage, rather i firmer; cargoes ,. No. 1 standard
California, 30s ; cargoes Walla Walla, 2Ss 3d •
English country markets, quiet but steady '
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 21.— Wheat, firm ; No 1
standard California, 6s 3«Jd@6s 4d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady: French
country markets, steady; weather in England,
fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 E-Kd. .
Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND, Feb. 2L— Wheat— Walla Walla,
550D5V&C. Cleared: ' Ship Queen Victoria, for
Antwerp with 96.163 bushels of Wheat.
F'oreign Wheat exports from Portland for the
week ending to-day were 12S.242 bushels.
• WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Feb. 21.— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed; bluestem, 57^ic; club, 55c.
Cleared— British ship Tamar, with 113,000
bushels wheat for Qutenstown.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
•PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. 21.— Cle'aring3, $231,
750; balances, J39,9o2. ¦jAi'
Portland's Business.
j BOSTON, Feb. 21.— The Confmerclal Bulletin
will say* In to-morrow's report of the Wool
market*
The total receipts of Wool in Boston since
January 1 hnve been 14,294.698 pounds; ship
ments to date. 33,943.657 pounds. Total stocks
on hand. 56,500.632 pounds. . •
More speculators are throwing "Wool over
board. The banks In the West are weakening,
Wool having dropped below their advances.
Eale3 are free. The mest notable sale this week
was a lot of 1C00 bales choice Geelong Aus
tralian Wools at last week's rates, or 67c clean
for 70 cent quality. The Wool was bought at
the top of the market last year. The net lo&s
is $-.0,000.
The new American clip has opened at
Phoenix, Arts., on a basis of 10@15c to the
grower, against loJjilGc last year.
Boston Wool Market.
CHICAGO, Feb. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts, 9000.
Including 300 Texans; steers, steady to strong;
butchers* stock and Texans, slow. Good to
prime steers, J4 90®6; poor to medium. $3 500
4 80; stockers and feeders, $2 "o®^ 50; cows, $2®
4 30: heifers, $2 S0@4 50; canners, $1 85@2 50:
bulls, $2 4Of?4 20; calves, $4S6 50; Texas fed
steers, $4<<I4 90; Texas grass steers, $3 3024;
Texas bulls. $2 50®3 60.
HOGS— Receipts. 28.000; to-morrow, 30,000: left
over. 4000; the market opened stronger to 5c
higher end closed .with the advance lost; top.
$5 524. Mixed and butchers' $5 30@5 62H: Rood
to choice heavy, $5 37^fR5 32tt: rough heavy,
$5 2f.ff?5 35; light. $5 2S@-5 47U; bulk of sales, J5 40
@5 45.
SHEEP — Receipts. 5200; market active and a
shade higher. Good to choice wethers, $4@4 60;
fair to choice mixed, $3 60(ff4 10: Western sheep,
S4ST4 CO- Texas sheep, $2 305T3 6."; native lambs,
$4 5035 25; Western lambs, $3^5 25.
Chicago Livestock Market.
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug,
Opening 19 M 2100
Closing ..19 80 2105
Flour —
Opening 25 55 26 90
Closing 25-60 26 95
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening 5 1H1 6%
Closing 5 ll?i 6%
On the Produce Exchange to-dav the butter
market was active; creamery. 14'522c: dairy,
incise. Cheese, active, 10Vi<£U%c. Eggs, active,
fiesh, 16c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24,0O<> 50,000
Wheat, bushels 26.000 63.00-1
Corn, bushels ..2M.O0O 133,000
Oats, bushfls 244.000 J20.000
Rye. bushfls 5.0OO 1.000
Barley, bushels 24.000 13.000
Not only did the activity of the stock mar
ket fall off this week, but reactionary tend
encies asserted themselves In the movement of
prices. Speculation was more professional than
had been the case In the preceding fortnight
and the traders, under the lead of some heavy
cperaltons, showed a willingness to act on the
short side. While the street received some
little knowledge of the form which the pending
amalgamation of steel manufacturing inter
efts is to take and was assured that the ne
gotiations are progressing smoothly, it was
nevertheless unsettled by the absence of defi
nite announcement In that connection and by
the Intimation that the financiers who had
the matter In charge were disposed to curtail
any chance for inflation In the capitalization
o£ the expected tSOO.OOO.OOO steel company. At
the beginning of the week the steel stocks
were all very strong on the prospect that Mr.
Morgan would soon bring the negotiations to
a successful conclusion. The preferred stocks
of the steel industrial organizations were re
sponding with particular readiness to these
Influences when it was brought t<> the notice
r.f the street that however well the preferred
sl'ares of these organizations would be treated
trere- was a desire on the part of the managers
to make the terms regarding the exchange of
the old stocks for the new ones on a basis
which should have a regard for actual value
end earning capacity. This was interpreted
as meaning that a mistake made in the for
mation of many of the Industrials, in refer
ence to the creation of common stocks repre
senting a capitalization of possible profits,
•would be rectified as far as possible 'n th»
organization of the new combination. This
augured ill as the treatment of the common
sleeks of the steel industrials, which were
at once sold and declined. while in som»
ckses the preferred shares of the sams com
panies advanced further or held their previous
gains. The delay and the unsettling effects of
the above situation had, however, an adverse
influence on the temper of the market at
lnige. The railroad list had already given
evidence of being overbought and the absence
o." nny, further announcement of deals and
combinations deprived it of fresh support.
Money market conditions also contributed to
ward creating a reactionary feeling In specu
lative circles.
# : --1— — _*
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— Bradstreefs Finan
cial Review of February 23 will say:
Cash quotations were ns follows: Flour, dull
and steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 63©73c: No.
2 red. 73;576e: No. 2 com. 39»4c; No. 2 yellow,
3*>%c: No 2 oats, 2»T»@26Mic: No. 2 white.
27%<ft2S 1 ,4c;. No. 3 white, 27 1 4@28c; No. 2 rye,
E2Hc: fair to choice malting barley. 521559c:
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 MSI 64: No. 1 Northwestern.
tl 63: prime timothy seed. $4 40; mess pork,
por barrel. $13 90*113 95; lard, per 100 pounds.
17 45C7 47H: short-rib sides Ooose). $7@7 20:
dry salted shoulders (boxed). $6 25'fM 50; short
clear Fides (boxed). $7 40® 7 60; whisky, basis
rf high wines. $127; clover, contract grade.
$11. -r ¦¦ •¦
Articles— " . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
February 74H 74H 73% 74
March 74*4 - 74«4 74 74^
May ....:..,. 76f» 76ft '0% 75%
Corn No. 2—
February ' S9
March 39*4 89S 38«4 39«4
May 40% 41H *0% 40%
Oats No. 2—
February 24%
May 25% 25T4 25% 25%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
February 13 90
May 14 17^4 14 17% 14 05 14 06
Lard, per 100 pounds —
March : 7 47^4
May 7 55 7 55 7 50 7 52H
July 7 57V4
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
February 7 92V4
May 7 10 7 10 7 05 7 07V4
Stptember 7 20 7 22*4 7 20 7 20
# *
CHICAGO, Feb. 21.— Wheat opened strong.
May Me higher at 76%®76%c. Liverpool and
Antwerp both lending encouragement In tho
shape of advances equal to the bulge here yes
terday. Reports of a brighter export outlook
were not substantiated, however, and this was
a factor In the closing decline. At the opening
offerings were light, and It took no great
amount of buying to send the market' from
76Hc. which it touched early, to 76Hc. Long
Wheat came out freely, and the market dropped
to 7S9ic. Covering because of the' holiday to
morrow caused a reaction to 75<gr76Hc. but re
newed pressure forced the market back to 75Hc.
and the close was easy with May USHc lower
at 75%c. - - .
There was a fairly active trade In Corn, and
the market for that cereal ruled strong. May
closed HiSiic higher at 40%®40%c.
Oats were steady and" fairly active. May
closed a ehade higher at 25?fc®26«4c.
Provisions opened firm because of strength In
the Hog market and in sympathy with Wheat
and Corn, but dropped off later because of the
dullness of trade. May Pork closed 5@7V4c
lower and Lard a shade down and Ribs 2Vjc
depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago and Ncrthwestern 177V4
12,100 Chicago Rock Island and Pacific. :12*H
100 C <; C'and St Louis 751,
3.4C0 Colorado Southern 9^
400 Colorado Southern 1st .prefd 43%
Colorado Southern 2d prefd isit
6.400 I>elaware and Hudson 165%
l>elaware Lack and Western IPs'
1, M0 ' Denver and Rio Grande.. S7 1 ,4
200 Denver and R!o Grande prefd S6}«
7.&00 Erie 2S 1 ,,
6,300 Krle 1st prefd 84Vi
Great Northern prefd 1S3
100 Hocking Coal m;
2!» Hocking Valley 4S
1,200 Illinois Central 1311J
600 Iowa Central 27
200 Iowa Central prefd ny,
Lake Erie and Western 41 "
Lake Krle and Western prefd.. ....110 ¦
.Lake Shore 21014
1M00 Louisville and Nashville 9i»j
S.COO Manhattan Y. 117
2.300 Metropolitan Street Railway 162H
3.200 Mexican Central „.. 1614
7.2yO Minneapolis and St Lor.ls 70'
'.. Minneapolis and Et Louis prefd in6%
10.POO Missouri Pacific ¦&%.
2.600 Mobile and Ohio 79
S.OCO Mirsourl Kansas and Texas. ist%
12.C0O Missouri Kansas and Texas prefd.. 52H
400 New Jers»y Central 1551^
3.000 New York Central ..... ...144'.. 4
2.100 Norfolk and Western ii%
Norfolk and Western preM fi%
15.1W Northern Pacific ............ ...,..../*.2!i
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Bh*«« Closing
bold. Stocks — u-d
32.100 Atchison ¦ jjij
7,6'»j Atchison prefd g;,
C.6C0 Baltimore and Ohio gsi£
Canadian Pacific ssij
200 Canada Southern &€'!<,
J.20Q Chesapeake and Ohio 39.^
200 Chicago Great Western 19
27.000 Chicago Burlington and Quincy. ...Hl%
1,200 Chicago Ind and Louisville 30^
1.4M Chicago Jnd and Louis prefd....'..'.. 67
100 Chicago and Kast Illinois 106
NEW TOB.K. Feb. 21.— The sharp up-turn In
the steel stocks which gained force rapidly
toward the close of th? market was the only
thing that redeemed the market from unin
teresting dullness to-day. National Steel and
Tin Plate showed the most pronounced strength
in this recovery, the former rising OH over
last night and the latter 4 1 ,; from the early
low point. The .outstanding short interest,
which had prown quire large In the stocks of
the steel companies, had a large part In this
quick rally. The reoort that the so-called
Moore properties of the steel group were stand
ing out for a large 3hare In the securities In
the new company was an Influence In the rise,
the supposition of the speculators being that
they were likely to sret what they claimed.
But the other f.teel stocks were not much be
hind In the movement. Federal Steel rallying
3'i from the low price. Pteel and Wire 2% and
Tennessee Coal 3. Wh-ther the movements ac
curately forecast any actual development in
the steel merger combl-iatlons can only be told
when the results are given to the public. De
tails were closely regarded urf to the time of
the closing of the marUot. but It is the general
supposition that reorganization of the steel
company so far as it Is to have official an
nouncement will be given out before trading
is resumed on Monday. Actual information on
these details Is so vasrue that the shorts in
the steel stocks were overcome with timidity
and hastened to close their contracts before
the coming three holidays. The tame influ
ence was at work in ether parts of the list.
The early weakness of the market began to
change to recovery when support was manifest
In the steel stocks. The weakness was quite
acute fit one time, the steel stocks leading
the decline as they did the recovery. Many
of the prominent railroad stocks were down
between 1 and 2 points*, the grangers, Pacifies,
Southwesterns and some of the coalers being
conspicuous. BurllnKtor>. Kansas and Texas
preferred. Erie second preferred and Rock Isl
and were notably weak. These stocks were
all conspicuous In the rally also. A number
of the most important railroad stocks were
lifted a point above ?ast night. The continued
driving the shorts to cover, as It was expected
that there mlsht be a flurry in money in
cidental to the demand to carry over until
next Monday. The banks report gains of cash
from the interior sines last Friday and their
accounts with the sub-treasury about balance.
! The bond market wai dull and irregrular.
except for an acute demand for Wabash de
bentures. Total sxU-f. par value, J3.410.000.
United States refunding 2s advanced \* and
the old 4s and cs ¦£ per cent on the last call. f
THK REVIEW FOR THE WEEK.
Prices of stocks have worked downward dur
ing the past week and speculative sentiment
has taken on a conservative tone. The dis
position has been general to lessen speculative
burdens as a precaution against any unfavor
able development in the situation. The con
tinued heavy inroad.-- making upon the money
market resources by the financial operations
incident to the recent railroad consolidations
and the fear that th-; financing of the steel
merger would strain the available resources of
the money market have been the underlying
causes of the reactionary tendency of prices.
The decision to close il-e Stock Exchange from
Thursday afternoon until Monday morning
added to the inclination of operators to close
up accounts, as the possibility of accident
during a prolonged interval in the trading Is
always taken account of. Only the less In
fluential element among the professional oper
ators have shown an apposition to the prevail
ing tendency of the market, and their oc
casional efforts to turn prices upward have not
met with success. The most potent Interests
In the financial world have made It clear that
they favored a quiet <?tock market for the
present. This they could accomplish not only
by discontinuing their recent heavy buying of
securities, but by meeting any attempt to ad
vance prices by free offerings. The decline has
not been precipitate ai any time and the bears
have not been bold or aggressive. Probably
this Is also In accord with the desires of the
large financial Interests who arc concerned' in j
perfecting the glgancic steel merger, as they I
have been In the most important recent rail
road consolidations. A demoralized stock mar
ket would Interfere: with i>ending financial pro
jects as much as unbridled speculation for
the rise. • There are many signs to show that
the community of interest Idea has not lost
Its fascination for the speculative public. It
is highly probable that any new developments
In thWt field would attract a renewal of the
upwan movement of prices, but in the absence
of actual developments the opportunity for
consideration and appraisal of results achieved
by the recent combinations have somewhat j
chastening influences 3i\ the excess of specu
lation. Not a few of the rumors of railroad
combinations which have been started in the
ra^t for manipulative t.urpcsjs have been dis
credited by authoritative «cto\val*. thus help
ing on the week's reaction. The possibility
that th» labor dispute would be reopened In I
the anthracite region v.-hen the present agree
ment expired In April was a factor. Signs of
pub'.ic disapproval of the groat centralization
of financial control which Is being accom
plished and the fear that it may lead to legis
lative interference has been . taken account of.
Home ,>f the bonds all'ected by the railroad
combinations have be._-ii heavily atSJrbed at
times, but the railroad bond market haa gen
erally been reactionary in sympathy with
stocks.
United States old Is. advanced % and the
refunding 2s and 5s >i per cent over last Sat
urday's call.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<*.cte. as compared with those nf same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
l.ours :
OCih Men.lian-Padfie Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Ffb. 21-5 p. m
Weather Report.
"Of course a turnlns point must sooner or
later arrive: -rvlien the s-tracture of speculative
value* must be subje'tr-d to normal tests. To
sn important extent thiis boom has taken for
granted the optimistic claims of the friends
and rromoters of the great consolidation move
ment. However much rocy be fairly conetvled
combinations can it tv- considered likely that
Wall street will give Us final Indorsement to
a scale rf values one-third above the former
rormal level? Is. ther<* any solid probability
that this clars of securities will retain a very
much advanced range .jf prices in the face of
a duplication of the volume of their paper
issues without any increase In their true cap
ital? It cannot be denied that, for the most
part, the pencir.s boom is a speculation based
upon nr> experiment— an experiment which.
Rtnong r 'tn p r things, aims to accom
plish through water what hitherf) has been
procurable only throufli gold."
"It Is not to be denied that a situation so
calculated to excite th* optimistic spirit of
rpeoulation has never before existed In Wall
street: indeed, -we may not alone say Wall
street, far a like furor has dominated Lon
don in rpite of the many bearish factors that
are now rtralnir.g that center. From the
wholly fxtiaordinary «Ute of affairs presented
bj the n»w condition* In politics, trade. In
dustry and finance we could expect from spec
ulation no other result than that which now
appears in a rise r,f cne-third in the market
value of nearly all corporate investments.
SCOT can we be Pure that this great enhance
ment of prices has v.-t reached its culmina
tion. Certain it is. lu.trever. that the point
has not yet been reacted at which the "bear*
has even ventured on a tentative test of the
Inherent mensth Of th« market. The pessi
mists are lying low until a higher state of
tension in prices has S*-<»n reached, or are even
lendinjr their help as l.uyers to precipitate the
Ireaklng point ; for it If- again** their interest
that the public sh^uM become educated into
familiarity with this n*w srale of values.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"The predominant sentiment s^ems to be that
the current remarkable run cf industrial de
velopment is forcing on the country an era of
ccncer.tratirn cf mammoth capitals, destined to
tdmlnlntw our largest material Interests. Men
of sjie^ulative l^nt <lo not wait to consider
con<5itior.5; to ther.i it is sufficient that a
movement of Fuch tireadth and prominence
en'l backed by the f?rcmost financiers and
capitalists of the country affords material for
a speculation of unprecedented breadth, activ
ity and expectancy. They v«erceive that, from
¦th* extT.t of these operations, they must re-
Qufre time for their consummation and see at
least a possibility that ihe consolidation mov#
riifnt may ran on to lengths not at present
aefir.Itrly forpspf-n. Thus the general conclusion
is reached that a special basis Is established
for a fairly reasonable speculative probability
that the rrefnt boom will he kept up fcr
s^rne coTifl'lerabie tim«. •with a possibility of
even material ly higher prices for many stocks
than have >Pt bp«n reached. Plainly th'.s is
the controlling M-ntiment underlying the pres
ent extraordinary situation. It in adhered to
t^nuclty .\\i "J very sanjruine
h^i'fs. ann its atTracti-^tis are drawing^ into the
market nerjr large amounts of capital which
havr rarely vpr.tured <m speculative operations;
whilst, by a sort of necessity, it Is drawing
even oonscrvntlve investors into speculations
Bt-socis'ed with th» 'deals'; but wider fluctua
tions for the balan'?e of this month and during
March may be expected.
DER HOW THEY WILL TURN OUT.
WALL STREET IS BEGINNING TO "WON-
Gigantic Combinations.
Mail advices from New York say: "The
trade in prune* continues to show considerable
artivitj-. buying, however, still being confined
to small -lots, generally at low prices. ', Sizes
ro-?0* and SO-lOOs are zoing out most freely.
TWrnand for jrun«s frluce early in the week
hny ehown a decided Improvement, and some
local dealers who put out popular brands are
reduced to very Fmall supplies. It Is reported
thore <s some buying- from the coa*t of goods
rot Sar.ia Claras at frjm ¦ifflc under associa
tion prloes. Or^gor.s on the spot are meeting
with very fair request. Sales of SCMOs are re
port*<5 at tc, n-SOt at 5%e and 50-60s at 4 7 «e.
•""sMforr.ia loose rai5i:.n are firmly held, but
c=rr:on<l i« lirht. Imported raisins are weak.
•Apricots and peacho* are in slight request,
dates dull an<1 easy. Fig? are meeting with
a fTr.all ccmnn'.. Evaporated apples are weak
er. Currarts are felllnj more freely and hnld
prs report the tra<i» buying in larger lots than
hue be«»n ifce case for some time. Filberts are
lower."
Dried Fruit in AVn- York.
The Bar.k of England yesterday reduced Its
r?te of dlsrount from 4S to 4 per cent, show
ing an easier money market in London.
Bank of England Rate.
To-<5ay being Washington's birthday business
win be suspended throughout the United States.
To-day a Holiday.
*¦ • j *
*N:EW YORK, Feb. 21.— The following table
complied by Bradstreet shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
February 21, with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the corres
ponding week last year.
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Bank of England reduced its rate of discount to 4 per cent.
Exchange undisturbed. Silver a fraction lower:
Turpentine marked up 2c per gallon.
The combine advances Salt again.
Wheat and Barley quiet at about previous prices.
Oats and Corn show . no t further change. \R\c lozcer.
Beans and Seeds dull and nominal.
Onions show signs of weakening. Potatoes and Vegetables steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Four cars of Eastern Poultry arrived. Game coming in sour.
Four or five cars of Oranges announced for to-day's auction.
Citrus Fruits remain about as before quoted.
Increased firmness in Prunes at New York.
Provisions neglected and unchanged.
Hogs firm and other Mca\s steady.
Local stocks and bonds lively and fluctuating.
Oil stocks quiet, with fczv variations.
To-day a holiday.
NEW YORK. Feb. 21.— A fairly, active busi
ness was noted for. pig tin in' the local metal
market, and a steady undertone ¦ prevailed
throughout the session, though prices were not
materially changed. Sales of S5 tons spot.
February and March, were made at $26 95.
with the final quotations on the basis of $26 90
Nej.v York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 21.— Shorts were compelled
to . beat a hasty f retreat In . the local cotton
market this morning, and were made to con
stantly shift their position during the rest of
the session by bullish news from nearly all
quarters and aggressive tactics by their oppo
nents. The market at the close was steady
with prices 7*312 points higher. ¦ '
Nrju York' Cotton Market.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 21.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of, the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cafJh
balance. $145,298,640; gold reserve, $76,829,707.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. Feb. ?1.— Closing: Money on call
easy at 1%.©2 pej; cent; prime mercantile paper,
3%^4% per cent. Sherling exchange was Irreg
ular, with actual business in bankers'. bills at
$4 S7% for demand and at $4 S3% for sixty days;
posted rates, $4 $4^0* 85 and $4 S8; commercial
bills, $4 S3%«4 C3%. Silver certificates, 62ij763c.
Bar silver, fcl'.ic. Mexican dollars, 4S%c. Gov
ernment bonds, strong; State bonds. Inactive
railroad bonds, irregular.
Nezv York Money Market.
LONDON, Feb. 21.— Atchison, 50%; Canadian
Pa-clfic. 92%; Union Pacific preferred. * 89%;
Northern Pacific preferred. 8S; Grand Trunk.
C%; Anaconda, 8v4; bar silver dull, 2S%d per
cunce; money. 4@4% per cent.
In the American department prices dwindle.!
most of the time. American shares enjoyed
a Flight spurt before the opening in New
York, in the hope that Wall street would
turn buyer to-day, but when only selling or
ders were cabled the London market closed
sloppy and dull.
The bank bought £203.000 of gold bars.
CLOSING.
The stock market here was stagnant and
the tone undecided on account of the lack of
any definite news from South Africa and on
doubts regarding the settlement of the Chines*
troubles. The reduction of the bank rate to
4 per cent has been too fully discounted to
have any effect now. •
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
1.200 Northern Pacific prefd S6«i
".SCO Ontario and Western 31»»
Oregon Railway and Navigation.... 42
Oregon Railway and Nav prefd.... 76
7,400 Pennsylvania 14S^
6,7i)O Reading 30H
6.SC0 Reading 1st prefd 70%
6.300 Reading 2d prefd 40%
Rio Grande .Western 70
Rio Grande Western prefd 53
5,900 St Louis and San Francisco 34
1C0 St Louis and S F 1st prefd $1^4
3.100 St Louis and S F 2d prefd 63
3.2C0 St Lou!s Southwestern I5VJ
6.300 St Louis Southwestern prefd 55V«
11,000 St Paul i4S'i
St Paul prefd 1SS 1 ,
St Paul and Omaha 123
14.700 Southern Pacific :i 4m
oS.lOO Southern Railway 23%
22.600 Southern Railway prefd 75'/b
G.2C0 Texas and Pacific 28
B0.10) Union Pacific fc3>4
8.000 Union Pacific prefd 81%
2.700 Wabash 16^
13,300 Wabash prefd 30
4,200 Wheeling and Lake Erie 14H
500 Wheeling nnd Lake Erie prefd SO 1 ,*
600 Wisconsin Central ]8V 4
Third Avenue 123
700 B & O prefd 84%
3,200 .National Tube 62%
600 National Tube prefd 101
Express Companies—
Adams , 150
American 182
United States 67
Wells Fargo 13S
Miscellaneous—
700 American Cotton Oil 2S
American Cotton Oil prefd 85
American Malting 4*«
American Malting prefd 22H
20.800 American Smelting & Refining.... 52%
13,430 American Smelting & Refining pfd. 94Vi
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
3.000 American Steel Hoop 28H
2.100 American Steel Hoop prefd 81
55,700 American Steel & Wire 4S?»
3.100 American Steel & Wire prefd 93>4
10,200 American Tin Plate 64
2.l>00 Amprlcan Tin Plate prefd 93
9.2C0 American Tobacco 116
1,000 American Toljacco prefd-...'. 14T
300 Anaconda Mining Co 44
11,000 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 75%
1.600 Colorado Fuel & Iron 44*4,
1.500 Continental Tobacco 43%
300 Continental Tobacco prefd 96H
50,100 Federal Steel 4714
13,300 Federal Steel prefd •.... 847i
1,200 General Electric :....ZU
Glucoso Sugar 45%
Glucose Sugar prefd 60
700 International Paper 22
1 100 International Paper, prefd 71
I Laclede Oas 73^4
200 National Biscuit 3S«4
National Biscuit prefd 92Vi
1.400 National Lead 16%
300 National Lead prefd S3U
! 38.600 National Steel 46%
1.200 National Steel prefd 9SH
100 New York Air Brake 150 j
1.000 North American 22%
Pacific Coast 52
PaciHc Coast 1st prefd S7
Pacific Coajt 2d prefd 62
Pacific Mail 40U
4,900 People's Gas I00»i
1.000 Pressed Steel Car 138*;
1,000 Pressed Steel Car prefd 76%
100 Pullman Palace Car 137
1,000 Standard Rope & Twine 414
12,100 Sugar 135S4
200 Sugar prefd 120
11.400 Tennessee Coal & Iron 66%
3,300 United States Leather 12T4
1.000 United States Leather prefd 74%
200 United States Rubber 18%
200 United States Rubber prefd 60
1.200 Western Union S6%
3,400 Amal Copper 90
400 Republic Iron & Steel 14%
100 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 63
P C C & St L 56
653.400 Shares Bold.
MINING STOCKS. ,
Adams Con 2 Mule Chief 15
Alice 40 Ontario 7 00/
Breece tV Ophir 70
Brunswick Con .... 29 Phoenix OS
Constock Tunnel .. 43 Potosl 12
Con Cal & Va....l 55 Savage. 10
Dead wood Terra .. 5" Sierra Nevada 23
Horn Silver 1 15 Small Hopes 65
Iron Silver 63 Standard 4 15
Leadville Con OSj .
CLOSING 'BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg..l05»4 N Y Cent lsts....lO7
Do coup 105% N J Cent gen 5s.. 131',$
Do 3s reg 110% Nor Pac 3s 71
Do 3s coup 110% Do 4s 104*4
Do new. 4s reg. .137% N Y C & St L 4s. 118
Do new coup ..117% Nor & W con 4s. 101
Do old 4s reg 1J4 Or Nav Ists 109
Do old 4s coup.. Jit Do 4s 104
Do 5s reg Ill O S Line 6s 12S
Do 5s coup Ill Do con 5s 116
Dlst of C <J.r3s 123 Read Gen 4s 93%
Atchison gen 4s... 103 R G W Ists 03%
Do adjt 4* V2'4 S L & I M con 6s.ll6H
Canada So 2ds 110% S L & S F Gen 6S.129V4
C & O 4Hs 106 St Paul con 184
Do 5s IV.0% StPC&P lsts..H8*i
C & N con 7s....l4'j Do 5s 120V4
Do S F Deb 5s. 124 S P 4s 93
Chicago Term 4s.. 97 So Ry 5s 115>4
Colo So 4s ?4% Standard R & T 6s 52%
D & R G 4s 102 Tax & Pac lsts....H7U
Erie Gen 4s S3Vi Do 2ds 85
Ft W & D C Ists. S? Union Pac 4s 105%
Gen Elec 5s I6I14 Wabash Ists 119H
Iowa Cent Ists liO Do 2ds lOSVi
L & N Unl 4s... 101Vi West Shore 4s ....115&
M K & T 2ds 77 Wis Cent lsts SS
Do 4s 97 J\'a Centuries 95>/4
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Union Land 3
Call loans ZM<B<\i West End 94
Time loans 3 @4 Westlnghse Elec... 57»i
Stocks— Bonds—
Atch T^& Sta Fe.'. 55% Atchison 4s 101
Do prefd HM, N E Gas A C 5s... 68%
American Sugar.. .135V4 Mining Shares —
Do prefd 120 Adventure 124
Amer Telephone... 161% Blngham Min Co.. 1SV4
Boston & Albany.. 234 Amalg Copper 90\4
Boston Elevated.. .I68V1 Atlantic 2SH
Boston & Maine. ..194 IBostcn & Montana. 324
Chi B & Q 144% Butte & Boston... SI
Dominion Coal 344 Calumet & Hecla..86O
Do prefd 109H Centennial 23%
Federal Steel 47H Franklin 21
Do prefd 89% Humboldt 50
Fitchburg prefd. ...142 Osceola £5
Gen Electric 212% Parrot 4S ¦
Do prefd ISO Quincy 173
Ed Elec III 245 Santa Fe Copper.. 7
Mex Central ¦.. 16% Tamarack ..". 330
N E Gas & Coke.. 13 Utah Mining 340
Rubber 19 Winona 6«4
U Pacific, ex dlv.. 89% Wolverines 52V4
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
less. ¦
PRUNES — Were quoted at S^SS^c per
pound, ¦ as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. 7?i'312c: Moorpark. 8^43)
15c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14<&18c; unpeeled. 6H5E£10c.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Caution was 'ob
served In tho market for evaporated apples
owing to the holiday to-morrow, and trading
was very slow at former prices, with the feel
ing no better than steady. The common was
quoted at 3%@4«ic: prime, 4%$5c; choice, 5l£
@6c, and fancy. 6®7c.
DRIED FRUITS,
NEW YORK. Feb. 21.— FLOUR— Receipts.
24,484 barrels; exports, fS39 barrels. ; Dull and
about steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 46.S0O bushels; exports,
7903 bushels. Spot— Quiet. No. 2 red. 80*ic
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. "SVJc elevator; No.
1 Northern Duluth, 87Vic f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 91c. f. o. b. afloat. Options-
Opened firm on better cable news than ex
pected, advanced a little on covering, but fl'i
ally receded under an adjustment of long ac
counts for the holiday, supplemented bv small
(seaboard clearances nnd n light export demand.
Closed easy. H(f?Uc net decline. March, 79»i@
7!»y,c. closed 73 We: May, 79 15-ir,«S0%c, closed
SOc: July, 79^©S0 l-16c, closed 79',<>c.
HOPS— Oulet.
HIDES— Firm. ?
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Futures— Closed steady, unchanged
to 10 points net' higher. Total *ale«, ¦ 61.730
bags. March. $5 93(^6: May. J."» 9. r »i36 10; July.
J6 05*36 10: September. J6 0o<36 IS; October. $5 05
Tffi 15: December, $S 23. Snot— PJo. steady. No.
7 invoice. $7 37^4; mild, quiet; Cordova. $S@12 30.
Si'GAR— Raw, steady: refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts. 37S7 packages; strong.
Fresh creamery. 16023c: June creamery, 15®
20c: factory. ll@13c.
EGGS— Receipts. 9C63 packages; easy. South
ern, at mark, 17c.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. - $ia?-
Seedllnss. 50c«$l 25; Tangerines, 75c©$lid:
Japanese ; Mandarins, $1@1 50; Lemons, $1©
$1 23 for • common and $1 50(92 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, 5Oc«52; Mexican Limes,
APPLES— 35@6Gc per box for common. 75cO
$1 50 for good to choice and $1 75©2 for fancy
PEAKS— 63ce$l EO per box.
Four or five cars of Oranges will be offered
at auction to-day. AH citrus fruits remain
about as before quoted. Oranges and Lemons
being steady and Limes firm under light sup
plies. Bananas show a wide range, according
to quality."
Fine Apples are firm at $2.-
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage— California fancy ; atandard. ;
Eastern fancy, ' — ; standard. ; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds. 13c;
store, lie.
Storage — Creamery extras. ; firsts, ;
seconds, ; dairy extras, .
Pickle, per pound.
Keg, per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 10c: choice.
9c; common, nominal: Young Americas, 10c;
Eastern, full cream, 15{J15^c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected white. 15c; mixed
colors. 14c per dozen.
California Gathered — Selected, 14c; standard,
; seconds. .
¦ Fresh Eastern — Fancy, ; standard. ;
seconds, — — .
Creamery-^Extras. 20c; firsts. 18c; seconds.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Ex
change were £9,000 pounds of Butter. 1094 cases
Eggs and 10,900 , pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
All prices remained unchanged on the Dairy
Exchange. Creamery extras were steady, but
other grades of Butter were quoted weak.
Cheese was steady.
Eggs were reported weak, with accumu
lating stocks.
Butler, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Quail. $1®1 25; Mallard. $3®1; Can
vasback, $304 50; Sprig, $1 5<?<fj!2 50; Teal. $1 53
®2; Widgeon. $1 50©2; Small Duc.k, $tif?i 30 •
Black Jack, $1 23<rai 50; Gray Geese. $3if?3 SO-
White Geese, $l*rl 50: Brant. $1 50SJ1 75 f or
small and $3 for large: Honkers. $3@4 so- Eng
lish Snipe. $2 50(f73: Jack Snipe. $l Tvraj w
Hare, SOcffSl: Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 for Cotton
tall and 75c@$l for Brush; Pigeons, $1 per
dozen.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 12013c for Gob
bler* and 13ff?14c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys.
Uhifiloc: Geese, per pair. Jl 50@2: Gosling3
$2 50©2 75; Ducks. S4S5 for old and $6@7 50 for
young; Hens, $ofl6; Young Roosters. $6®
6 50; old Roosters, $4f?4 50;* Fryers, $3 50#G;
Broilers. $5fjj 50 for larFe and 13 5O@4 50 for
small: Pigeons. $1 25CT1 50 per dozen for old
and it T-W2 75 for Squabs.
Sales of Eastern were as follows: Hens and
Young Roosters, {S1S6 50: old Roosters, $4 50;
Pigeons, $1 50; old Ducks, $4 50; live Turkeys,
12@13c; dressed do, 13@16c. Another car goes
on to-day.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry came In. but
as the market was bare both Eastern and lo
cal stockR went off well at high prices.
Dressed Turkeys alone were out of favor, and
arrivals did not all clean up.
Game continues in light receipt and gen
erally poor. Yesterday's receipts were 56 sks,
most of the Ducks being sour, owing to the
muggy weather, and prices for such lots were
off. Hare and Rabbits were in lighter receipt
and firmer.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. mjfglJc: Aspara
rus. from Sacramento, lfrglTHc for forced and
23S3Oc for natural: from Alameda. 35® 40c;
Bouldln Island. 30<333c; Green Peas. 5@10c for
Los Angeles and 5©Sc fcr Bay per lb: String
Beans, 12t4®I5c; Cabbage, $1; Tomatoes, Los
Angeles, 75c@$l 75 per crate: from Mexico.
7("c<3$2 per crate; Egpr Plant. Los Angeles. 15©
2!c per lb; Green Peppers. Los Angeles, 12V-®
20c per lb for Chile and 2GiS23c for Bell; Drfed
Peppers. IO^ISc; Dry Okra, 23c per lb: Car
rots. 251335c per box: Hothouse Cucumbers.
$102 per dozen: Summer Squash, $1 73.^2 15 per
box; Garlic, 3S3Uc per lb: Marrowfat Squash,
$30 per ton; Mushrooms, 151730c per lb.
POTATOES— Early Rose, K@75c; Burbanks,
SO'ffiOc for River. $Hgl 20 per ctl for Salinas
and S0c{?$l for Oregon: Garnet Chiles from
Orenon. 6T.(g75c: Sweets. 75c4J>$l for Merced.
ONIONS— $4 73iS5 per ctl; Cut Onions. $233
per ctl.
Onions, though not much lower, are- weaken
ing, as buyers are afraid to buy much at the
present high prices. Two cars came in from
Oregon and sold at $4 73, some lots subse
quently changing hands at $3. Lower prices
are expected, owing to impending Imports from
Nevada and Australia.
Potatoes and Vegetables remain about as be
fore quoted.
BEANS— Baycs. $2 E0@2 73: Small White.
U 60-34 M; Large White. $4^4 25: Pink. *2 15®
2 35: Red. $3<@3 50; Blackeye. $3$3 25; Limas.
$5 60^5 70: Pea. cleaned up and nominal; Red
Kidney. J3 75ft4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 30@3; Canary 3t*@
3S4c for EasteVn: Alfalfa. 7H«J8ttc for Califor
nia and 9®9Hc for Utah; Rape. 2g2Hc; Hemp,
3V4c: Timothy. 6V»c.
DRIED PEAS-Niles. $292 50: Green. J2 70
<33 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are featureless and dull at the old
quotations.
HAY — Volunteer, $."553: Wheat, tll®13-
Wheat and Oat. ?3ffll2; Oat, *9®11 50; Clover
nominal; Alfalfa, $8®9 CO; Barley, $7 6009 50
per ton.
STRAW-S5!jntte per bale.
Prices stand the same and the situation
shows no change.
BRAN— $18317 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 S0<319 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS- Rolled Barley. $16316 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $23@tS- Jobbing
$2? W: Cocoanut Cake, $17® 18; Corn Meal. $23
€25 £0; Cracked Corn, $23 50228; Mixed Feed
$15S?16.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTTTFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 £0: Hom
iny. $3 50i&3 75: Buckwheat Flour. $4«4 23-
Cracked Wheat. S3 50: Farina. $4 50: Whole
"Wheat Flour. ?3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). }S 10
67 60; in sacks, $5 75<6 V 7 23; Pearl Barley. $3;
Split Peas, $3; Green Peas, $S 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 23^
$3 60. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 13^3 23:
Oregon. J2 75@2 S3 per barrel for family and
12 73#3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers' $2 73
@3.
Flour and Millstuffs.
OATS— No further weakness has developed,
though white descriptions still feel the effects
of the recent excessive arrivals from the
north. /
White. $1 23®1 45: Surprise, nominal: Red.
$1 2331 40 for Feed and $1 33@1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal: Black, for feed. $1 17HQi 20;
for seed. $1 2501 20 per ctl.
CORN-Tellow. $1 12V4S1 13; White. $1 15;
Eastern, mixed, $1 12*4 per ctl.
RYE— Still lower and weak at 80®S2Hc per
ctl.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2C0O ctls. 68c:
December— 2000. 6Sc
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed. 72>4c for choice bright. 70S71«4e for No.
1 and 87Hc for off grades: Brewing and Ship
ping grades. 73<J2E0c: Chevalier, nominal.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— May— 2C00 ctls
O^vic: 24.GCO. 99?ic; December— 20CO, $1 C4%; 20-
COO. $1 05: 8000.' $1 C4TA. '
Second Session— May— *C00 ctls. 99>4c: 20 nflrt
SS'ic: December— 2000, $1 C4',4; 2000, $101%; 40C0*.
Regular Mornlns Session— December— 2X0 ctls,
$1 C4U. •
Afternoon Session— May— 20CO ctls. 99%c; 4000.
99%c: December— 20CO, »l 04%.
BARLEY — The market continues lifeless,
wrak and nominal.
CALL BOARD SALE?
The loc*l market showed no pronounced
change. There was considerable activity In
futures.
Spot Wh»fit— Shipping. 95c; milling, 97'Ac®
SI 02V4 per ctL
WHEAT-New York opened higher, but fell
back. Liverpool and Paris were higher.
Chicago opened firmer on the advanced cable?
with a light demand, purely speculative. There
was considerable cross buying and selling and
some long Wheat came out on stop orders.
There were strong export bids from New York'
Minneapolis wired an expected Increase of ltv> '-
f«> bushels for the week.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 14 531/
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 r$u
Sterling Cables 4 gatj
New York Exchange, sl*ht _ 17 v?
New York Exchange, telcgrraphlc —
Silver, per ounce gji?
Mexican Dollars, nominal &o Q n
Exchange and Bullion.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
©27.' and tone steady. - At London an advance
of 12s Cd . to . £122 10s was reported for spot
and futures at ¦ £117 10s.
Copper remain* dull and featureless and nom
inally $17 for Lake Superior and $16 62>4c for
casting and electrolytic. The close at Lon
don' wa» wreak at -£71 on spot and £«1. Us *<1
for futures.
Lead and epelter both were inactive and
quoted at $4 37H and $3 37V4 and $4 02%, re
spectively.
Plglron warrants unchanged at $9 50@10 50;
Northern foundry. J15@1C SO..
FOR THURSDAY FEBRUAPwT H.
Flour, qr sks «.»" r . ''fMllngs. sks JT5
"Wheat, ctls «.?• I "torts, sks 50
Barley, ctls «,<¦• I tons 450
Oats, ctls SV "Mcory. bbts jf»
Corn, ctls 0 Tine, gallons 37 t f!n
Sugar, ctls 1.7S' 'rather, rolls is*
Potatoes, sks 4.3i> P«Its bdla 7%
Onions, sks «*¦ Hides, bdls 33
Bran, sks 3.0OC
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 4,14? Bran, ska 3,400
Oats, ctls 100
EASTERN.
Wheat, ctla £00!
BAGS-San Quentin Bags, t* <S: Calcutta
Grain Bag^. June and July, triftzs^c; local
make. BSc; "Wool Bags, 3C'S2:tic- Flecca
Twine, me. ' "
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton: SnuthflelJ
Wellington. J3: Seattle. $7: Bryant. 17: Coci
Eav. $5 50: Wallsend. J3; Co-operative Walls
end. $9: Cumberland. S12 in bul* and K3 a in
sack*: Pennsylvania Antraeite Estr $14- Can
rel. $10 per ton; Cok«, $l.> per ton in bulk and
$17 in sneks: Rocky Mountain descriptions $1 4-;
per 2'00 pounds and $3 00 per ton, according
tc brand.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining com
pany quotes, rer lb. in 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.23c: Powdered. 5.8Cc; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.S3c: Dry Granulated. "..73c: "Confec
tioners' A. 5.75; Magnolia A. 5.35c; Extra C.
5.23c: Golden C. S.l.'c: barrels. 10c more: half
barrels. 25c more: boxes. 5Cc more: 5O-lh bags.
10c more. No orders taken for l»»ss than 75
barrels or Its equlv.ifent. Domlnos. half-bar
rel*, d.-av- vto.. fi.:.v*r»r lh.
TURPENTINE— Is h?gher at Me in cases and
57c per gallon In drums or Iron barrels.
SALT — Has agrain been marked up. H. R.
H. being now quoted at $13<?I15 50 per ton In
large sacks and $16 in S3*. Liverpool is ouoted^
at $17@1S 50 for the best and Jli^H 73 for
lower grades.
Receipts of Produce.
General Merchandise.
Even with tht- importations from the East
the Hog market Is but slenderly supplied, and
rules "Cnn. Other meats ar« steady and un
changed.
BEEF— 7S8c for Steers and 6Jt7Hc per U> for
COWS.
X F 4£rr£« r J!;:- 7«8c: small. 9c ner lb.
MUTTON— "U ethers. 19®10%c; Ewes. 10c per
pound.
LAMB— 11H312C per ib; spring, 12%®15c per
PORK-Llve Hogs. P4C for small and Pic for
medium and «c for large; stock Hogs. 5Hc;
feeders. 5%c; dressed Hogs, 8^9Hc
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS - CMh and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted steers.
9^®10c: medium. 9c: light. S'gnic; Cow H!it»*.
5>4c for heavy and SipSUc for light: Stags <W8
6Hc: Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. !K?10c- Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 15U*?16c: Oi!!s 13U»i»o-
Dry Kip. 13fil5c: Dry Calf, ltQVc: culls nn<j
brands. 14#15c: Sheepskins. shearlings. VftV\<s
each: short Wool. 30<@r.0c each: ro»dlum «fMl7V«
lon«r Wool. 75c©Sl each: Horse Hides, salt. M 50
©2 7S for large and Kfl1 25 for medium. Jl 15 fnr
small and 50c for colts: Hors* Hides, dry. $1 '3
for large. $160 for medium. $123 fer small and
E<Vs for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red fkins.
35c: fall or medium nkino. 30c; winter or thia
skins. 20e. Ooatskins— Prime Angoras. 73cj
laree and smooth. 30c: medium. 35c. .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4W«4% C P« r lh *
No. 2, 4t?4'4e; grease. 2#2Hc.
WOOL-Spring clip Is quotable as follow*:
Northern, free. IZftlte: Northern, defective, tt'cp
14c; Middle County, free. 13S16c: Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12fT14c: Southern Mountain. 12
months'. 9«16c; Southern Mountain, free, T
months'. llS12e: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendocino. 18
©17c: Nevada. 13«l«c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. 6H1?Sc: do lambs. «a
9c; Middle County. fl-glOc; Northern Mountain,
free, 10-SUc; Southern Mountain. "HSShc:
Humboldt and Mendocino. ligUc per lb.
HOPS— 13S20c per lb.
The trad* continues to report a very dull
and unsatisfactory market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lltfniHc Pec 1b for
heavy. 1U4312C for light medium. 12^ffl3c for
light. lViQUc for extra light and 15*n3\ic for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, HfcJ
Mesa Beef. J12 rer barrel: extra Mess. $13:
Family »14:e X tr* fine Pork. S13©13 30: extra.
clear, $19 «,0@23; Mess. $17; Smoked Beef. 13o
per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at «HffC»;e per lb for
compound and 9Hc for pure: half- barrels, pure.
9>.4c: 10-lb tins. 10c: 5-lb tins 10Hc
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel". 8%c: threa
hair-barreiB, Sc; one tierce. 7T»c; two tierces.
.?»c; five tierces, l\e per lb.
Hides, Tallovc, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
HONEY— Ccmb. lSH'SHc for bright and 1314
ftlZc tor light amb-r: water white extracted
7^c: l!«ht amber extracted. S^jSTc; dark. 63
6V.c r*r lb.
BEESWAX— 24-32CC per lb.
PRUNES-Santa Clara. 4 sizes. *c: J0-40s. 7c;
40-5Os. flV»c: :0-«0«. 4\;e; 60-70*. 3*; C ; 70-Sas. 3*4c:
S0-90s. 2\e; 90-lOOs. 2Hc; 100-120s. l^c: rubles.
Uc premium; Sonoman, %c and San Joaqulna
Vic less than Santa Claras, except 100 and over,
•which stand th- same.
RAISINS— The Ralstn Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per !>>; choice, lie:
ftandard. 10c; prim*. 9c: unMearhed Thomp
ron's. Dc per lb. Sultana* — Fancy, loiic pur
lb: choice. 9V4c; standard. S*;c; prime. 8c on
bleacheil Sultanas Sc: Seedless. SO-lb boxes.
«Hc: 4-crcwn. .c: 3-crown. 6'ie: 2-cmwn. *>
Pacific brand. 2-crown. nc; 3-crown. 5\ie. and
4-cYown. Z\ic: *eed»d (Frc?no prtoes). fancy
Ifi-cunce. 7c: 12-ounc». oSc: choice. K-ounce
5*ic-: 12-ounce. 5'ic: London Levers. 2-erown
J1 10 per box- S-crown. Jl «>• Fancy Clusters'
S2; Dehesa. $2 30; Imperial. J3. All prices f ol
b. at common shtpplnsr points In California
NUTS— Chestnuts. Ptrl'V: per lb for Italian-
Walnut*. No. 1. softshelT, 10c: No. ;. 7i ic . jj, #
1 hardshell. 9%e: No. 2. 7c: Almonds. HW13A
for papershell. 9tfZUe for softshell: Peanuts 5
«?«c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts.
13c: Pec»ns. ll<R13c: rvcoanuts. $3 M^s.
FRUITS — Apricots, 6@Sc for Royal* and 10^>
1014c for Moorparks; Evaporated Applet, 4Q
tVfce: sun-dried. l%f?2%c: Peaches. Z&Z%o for
standard. 4®4>4<? for choice, and 5tfJ6c for
fancy: Pears. 2'»7c: Plums, pitted. 4©3c: an
pitted. 101'^c: Nectarines. 5©5Hc for red maA
5VS6c for white.
Supplies of Prunes in New York are steadily
growing smaller under the steady demand,
and the outlook for these goods Is much more
cheerful. Otherwise there Is nothing new.
J7»8: California Limes. 73cff»;, Banana*. 50c©
Jt per bunch for Island and tl 25.®! 75 for New
Orleans; Pineapples. 73c®J3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY -22, 1901.
LOCAL MARKETS.
ports are 129,214,676 bushels, against 130,517.211
bushels last season and 162,900,283 bushels In
1898-89. : . ¦
¦3 Business failures in the United States for the
week number 219, as against 22* last week, 168
In this week a year ago and 220 In 1899.
Canadian failures . for the week number 24,
as acalnst 39 last week.
3s IO74.1I: (Jo. old. Ss ll%d. Futures, firm:
March. 3s ttd; May, 3s 9%d; July, 3s Wd.
New York Grain and Produce
Bank Clearings.
Chicago Grain Market.
8
I, — Percent — >
Clearings. Inc. I Dec.
New York $1,511,981,124 72.8
Boston 137,672.224 31.2
Chicago 137 ".5"!. 129 28.1
Philadelphia 104.707,240 «3.3
St. Louis 41.S73.613 C3.1 ¦
Plttsburg 40 976,163 81.0
Baltimore 22.321,707 42.2
San Francisco 23.113.236 62.0
Cincinnati 20,49),150 52.9
Kansas City 15,3C>,463 54.9
Minneapolis 9,036,930 21.9
Detroit ..; S.306,073 23.4
Cleveland 13.191.201 CO. 3
Louisville 9,646.330 22.8
Providence 6,848,100 22.7
Milwaukee fi.166.444 IS. 8
St. Taul 4,463,809 27.3
Buffalo &.610.1S9 39.3
Omaha 6,681, 3S0 24.1
Indianapolis 7,602,594 56.2
Columbus, O. 6.62S.200 40.1
Savannah ...';'.'. 4,433,539 12.8
Denver :; 4,395.43'? S5.3
Hartford 2,327,131 9.0
Richmond 3.548.832 14.3
Memphis 3,104,563 13.3
Washington '., 2,770,207 46.0
Peoria 2,762,530 87.1
Rochester 2,090.373 24.2
Xew Haven ...'..... 1.498.935 31.5
Worcester 1,520,243 51.3
Atlanta ; 2 252,109 40.6
Salt Lake City...... 2.545.24S 35.5
Springfield. Mass .. " 1,331.010 31.1 .*
Fort Worth 2.115,894 99.7 .......
Portland. Me 1.078.32S 31.4
Portland. Or 2 023.562 45.8
St. Joseph ...... 4.353,154 49.4
Los Angeles 2.911.834 66.8
Xorfolk 1.350,987 9.8
Syracuse 1,043,630 4.0
Des Moines 1,523,087 41.4
Xashvllle 1.632.69S 107.6
Wilmington, Del 912.924 26.3
Fall -River 775,169 7.0
Scranton .'.' 1.214,810 31.2
Grand Rapids 1.217.0SS 23.3
Augusta. Ga. 1,610,262 | 4.3
Lowell 575,878 41.6
Dayton, 0 1.111.S26 ¦ 14.8
Seattle 2,141.649 58.2
Tacoma 1,031,713 29.9
Spokane 8*2,040 6.6
Sioux City ," 1,122.351 47.3
New Bedford .. 466.170 17.4
Knoxville, Tenn.... -491.147 19.5
Topeka ..., 1,257,035 118.1
Birmingham S09.5R4 21.7
Wichita 499.3S2 5.9
Blnpharnton 587,400 43.4
Lexington. Ky <S2.150 32.4
Jacksonville, Fla... 322.728 29.3
Kalamazoo 372,024 4.1
.Akron 655,400 50.4
Chattanooga. 527.149 69.4
liockford. 111 272,875 '.
Canton. 0 335.000 16.6
Springfield, 0 322.0S3 7.4
Fargo, N. D 5S4.231 174.1
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 162,953 4S.6
Fremont. Xebr. .. 146,271 40.3
Davenport I 759,436 52.4
Toledo 2.C01.045 29.0
Houston 8.ST7.019 37.3
Helena 563.516 21.1 (
Toungstown S9S.667 26.8
Little Rock 694.721 B0. 9
Evansvllle 778.664 19.0
Macon 707,fW» 26.9
Springfield 481,847 134.9
Totals, IT. 8 $2,224,871,210 60.0
Totals outside of
New Tork 732.890.0S6 40.O
, — Percent — »
¦ CITIES. Clearings. Inc. Dec.
vtontreal $13.258,3S0 2.7
foronto 10.5S8.000 7.3
.Vlnnlpcg ........... 1.626.004 6.1
Halifax 1,413.169 10.2
Hamilton 712.S39 4.0
?t. John. X. B 713.941 23.3
Vancouver 627,976 13.5
Total $29,429,661 1.0 I
CITIES.THE YOUNG PEOPLE WHO WERE SECRETLY MARRIED AT SAN RAFAEL
ON NEW YEAR'S DAY AND WHO ARE NOW READY TO TAKE A WED
DING TRIP.
they secured a license and were married
at the Methodist church by Its pastor, the
Rev. Dr. Marshall. They were accom
panied by F. M. Mockler of San Rafael
and Miss Nellie Malone, a sister of the
bride.
Mrs. Herbert Stockton returned Jo her
desk in the law office and Mr. Stockton
went home to San Jose and nothing was
said about it until a San Rafael paper
one sent to Stockton's parents. They sent
to Oakland to find out if It was true, and
now the secret is out. '.
published an account of It, which some
Young Stockton will Join his wife and
take a delayed wedding journey and at
the end of the trip they will go to San
Jose and make their home in that city.
SAN JO AQTJIN RIVER
BREAKS THROUGH LEVEE
TRACT,. Feb. 21.— The San Joaquln Riv
er has broken through the levee . of the
Bell-Fabian tract, on .Union Island. Seven
thousand acres are Inundated, all of
which were under thorough cultivation.
It will probably cost $75,000 to -reclaim th«
land. It Is reported that the McLaughlin
tract of 10,000 acres is also under water.
MRS. NATION" GAINS
" # ONE COUBT VICTOBY
TOPEKA. Kans., Feb. a.— Judge Mc-
Cabe of the City Court handed down p.
decision to-day in the case against Mn.
Carrie Nation for smashing the Senate
saloon, discharging her.
The case was submitted on an agreed
statement of facts. Judge McCabe hell
that since Mrs. Nation had no malice'
toward the proprietors of the place.
Kelly & Little, and destroyed the place
in abating a public nuisance, she was
not guilty of malicious destruction of
property. This does not affect the cases
pr-ulinp against Mrs. Nation for the Sua
o»y raid, for which she is now In th«
County Jail.
rONFTANTIXOPLE. Feb. n.— The arranre
irT.t whereby farming imp'enienu may t
ln.px-rted Into Turkey free of duty has been
r»-r.r»*d f r> r another deradP.
OCEAN* STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Ger
manic, from New York, for, Liverpool, and
proceeded; etmr Commonwealth, from Boston
for Liverpool. . . • ¦ - ; . .
ROTTERDAM-Arrived Feb 21-Btmr Staten
dtm, from New York, via .Boulogne.
Sailed Feb 21— etmr Amsterdam, for Bou
lozne and New York.
PHILADELPHIA - Arrived Feb 21 — Stn.r
Pennland. from Liverpool; stmr Nederland
from Antwerp.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr
Carmarthenshire, from Port Gamble and Port
Blakeley, via Honolulu and Port B!erre.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Feb 21— Stmr Vancou
ver, for Portland, Me.
SYRACUSE. Sicily— Arrix-ed Feb 22— Stmr
Autnft* Victoria, from New Ycrk, on Orien
tal cruise.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
The executive committee, which met
last nijrht at Hibernia Hall, decided that
for the evening's entertainment at the
Mechanic?' Pavilion the programme
Fhould consist of a grand promenade con
cert, stereopticon views of Ireland and
America, chorus of 500 voices, Irish music
on native instrument*, and dance.
The charge for admission has been
placed at fifty cent? for the afternoon and
twenty-five cents for the evening. The
proceeds will go toward enlarging: the
public library and reading rooms of the
Ancient Order of Hlberaiana.
S. M. Shortrldpe has been selected as
orator for St. Patrick's r>ay. He will
speak at the Central Theater in the after
noon. J. M. Miller of Division 5 of the A.
O. H. will render an original poem en
titled "The Harp's Awakening." and
James M. "Ward will have charge of the
presentation of the "Coll*en Bawn."
Oration and an Irish-Play Will
Be Presented.
ST. PATRICK'S DAY
PLANS FORMULATED
S. M. Shortridg-s Wiil Deliver the
REAL ESTATE , TRANSACTIONS.
Kate E. or Kate Greenleaf fo Delia Green
leaf, lot on SE line of Mission street. 605 NE
of Virginia avenue. NE 33 by SE 133 :«, Preclta.
Valley lot 383. quitclaim deed; II.
Julie Roturler to A. W. Benedict. lot on W
corner of Tenth avenue and Q street south
Nff 175 by SW 10O. block 212. . O"N. and H.
Tract; 11000.
Philip N. and Carrie Aronson to Gabriel
Abraham, lot on N line of O'Farrell street.
220 W of Gough. W 27:6 by N 120; $10.
Elizabeth M. and Charles C. Wilson to Mary
E. McCulloch, lot on E line of Masonic ave
nue, IK :1N of Frederick street, N 25 by E
11»: -JloOO.
Frank and Isabel W. Morton to Mary M.
Cox, lot on S line of Clay street. 137:6 W of
Mafrte. W 30 by S lZl:i%: 13000.
- Isaac W. and Nora C. O'Rourke to Arthur J.
G. and Annie M. Bennett, rerecord 1879 £>. g,
lot 5, block 4; -Marion Tract (Hospital lot):
Mary Gibson to Mary E. Perryman. lot on
E line of Lexington avenue (Stevenson street)
210 N of Twentieth. N 25 by E SO: I25CO.
Geortre £«¦ and Mary E. Carroll to I. M. Car
roll, undivided four-tenths of lot on S line of
Fifteenth street.. 123 W of Sharon. W 50 by S
100: J1500. . -
Alfred Olson to Nils A. Andre«n. lot on SW
"corner of Hill and Noe streets. W 80 by S 26:6;
14000.
Frank H. Burke to Charles M. Barnes, lot on
N line of Twenty-fourth street. 65 Wof Oapp,
W SO by N 10O. quitclaim deed: J50O.
Michael Kay {administrator of estate, of
Catherine Quail) to-same,- came; $5225.
A. and Amelia Aronson to E. K. Clarke, lot
on SE corner of Post and Jones streets. E 70:6
by S SO; J35.000. ; ........
M. C. Keaxns to Mary I*, and William F.'
House, lot on E line of Hyde street. .137:« 2*
of Greenwich, N 22 by 31:6; also lot on E line
ALIEN LABOR CONTBACT
BROUGHT INTO COURT
Eight Suits Against the Union Iron
Works for Importing Copper
smiths From Europe.
Edward P.ospr.bersr, secretary of the San
Francis<v> Labor Council, filed eight suits
reSterA«jr afternoon In the United States
District Court against the Union Iron
Work? to recover 1100 m fach caso for
violation cf the United States statut
apalrst th* importation or alien contract
laborer?.
The complaint* charje that the defend
ant ImporTPd six conp<>rFTniths from Swed
en and two from Scotland under a labor
contract whereby th* passape* of the men
from fiwd^n and Scotland to California
were paid, the defendant also agreeing to
pay them $3 00 and S4 per day and to take
a certain sum every month out of their
»-3«r"s to defray the coft of their trans
portation.
HENBY CONNORS WILL
BE HEAVILY PUNISHED
Appears Before Police Judge Conlan
on a Charge of Battery and
Vagrancy.
Henry Connors, -who ran amuck while
intoxicated on Grant avenue Wednesday
nlKht. appeared before Jud ?e Conlan yes
terday on charges of battery and vag
rancy.
Mrs. Sadie McPhun, 538 McAllister
street, testified that she and her husband
mother and sister were passing the cor
ner of Grant avenue and Post street
when Connors mshed at her like a wild
bull and knocked hrr down. He then
sprang at her husband, knocking him
down, and followed it up by knockine h™
mother and .sister down. She had nevw
seen the man before. c er
Policemen H. P. Braig and Dave Mur
phy testified to arresting Connors In a
saloon and to his being identified as the
man who knocked the ladles down The
Judge continued the case till Mondav at
the request of the defendant, but he lntl
mated that he would convict him and jtIvp
him the extreme penalty.
Mrs F J Pettlbcne.Cal
Miss L Pettlbon-.Wash
J E Gerllct & wf. Cine
C O Cushman. Chicago
J A Mclntynr. Sacto
B G Tognasinl. Salinas
Miss L Toirnarlnl. Rail
Miss M Rautin. Los G
Miss J Cilkei. Loa Gat
C J Chrlstoph* !, S Lou
Mrs A Mitchell. Cal
Dr J ClarK. Gllroy
Miss N Clark. Gllroy
W R Hamilton, ct.-inM
F M Cbadbcurne, Stan
M A Thomas. Stanford
J C Ta>lor,- Stanford
H A Sprague, Stanford
H E Ballard. Stanford
J M Ballard. Stanford
T Woods. Cal
G E Mathlson&wf.Cal
C F Togrgard. La
H Alberry. S Rafael
F Mason, Sacto ?
F G King. Denver
N Collyer. Stanford
P A Martin. Stanford
J L Turner, Stanford
J Denman &wf.PetaJu
Mrs M A Harker.Denv
Miss M Harker. Dt.v
A J Bone. B&kersfleld
E H Wagner, Alvarmdo
W H Atkinson. Napa
P W Rooney, Sacto
Miss M O'Connor, Cal
H Morris. Frwno
A D Leewin. N T
B W Easter. Fresno
C F Morro-w, S Lout*
J C Horn. Fresco
I Mrs F Hammini.-Cal
W H Arnff. Wash
C Frledberg, Cal
A C Balet, Los An«
J W Clark. Seattle
L W Kepi. Duluth
R D Musser. St Paul
R R Spencer, Seattle
S D Roeenbaum, Cal
J Kahn. Stanford
R W Dobble. Seattle
!J*D Sertx & w. Kans
[E H Morgan & w.Kans
i E Sweeney &. w. Kans
Mr» Drucker. Kans
Mrs S T Penwn. PtLak
J A Packard. Marysvil
F Dolores, Mary*vllle
J C Rran. Chicago .
C F McGUshan & w.
Tnifkee
IE C Nix A w. N T
•J A Stelnmetx. N T
F A West. Stockton
F H Vuhnson. Cal
Mrs Harker. Portland
Mrs Adklns. Mill Vail
! r> Ston», Chicago
J Flnnell. Stanford
C Fair. Stanford
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C W McCracken. B C
T L Scofleld. M Orlens
J W Scott * w, Mont
P Neadt. Auburn "
H Cockbura, N Orlens
Miss Wolberg. Oaklnd
C B Soward. Lincoln
L S Tounr, Xevada
W J Wilson. Cat
H B Soule*wf.Havrvds
T Grindell, Phoenix
p M ShaKeo, USA
T Gl'.be.t. Cal
J J Hebbr.«n. Salinas
W Lawion, Alvarado
G StertW, S Cruz
W B Kay. Sacto
A J Bone. Bikersfteld
N Abramj. Hanford
T E Clinton. Salt Lake
O A 3ujw. Salt Lake
J L Blackburn. S Joik
8 Roa?seau & wf, Cal
J M Allen. Cal
J Haworth, Cal
C E Aekerman, Cal
Al Ma<3.«en. Mn Jose
O Wilson & vrf. La
Mrs J Welrel, Mont
F A Perhamu* & wf,
Caledonia. N T
O Scrlbner. Vlsalia
H N Garland. Kn City
P L Polt. Detroit
Dr C E Thompson &
wf, Ihinsmuir
O V Allen. Salem,- Or
Mrs R P Hill £l;irldK<!
Mrs J A Dickie. Van
couver
W M Bernard. Vancouv
X>r IvancovlchA wf.Cal
J L Carson, Bakersfta
T W Hawkins. Hollistr
O S Drew, Chicago
C C Hamrton Jr. Cal
G S MeKenzle, Napa
A H Reddlneton. Ccl
O H Royce. Winters
H Abbott & wf, *Tal
W G Blewett. La
PALACE HOTEL,
D C Burton A w. >apa
F B Manchester, Neb
A H HUher. Chicago
C C Stover. Plttsburg
W S Stewart. Cal
E G Gardner. Tenn
E Gardner, NT
I> Winchester. Chicago
B Holllster & w Wl*
Miss Holllster, Wls
C M Walters. Cal
A L. Beaver, Chicago
W N Knight * w. Or
E Peycke. Kansas City
Mrs M Moroney. Minn
J H Currin. N T-
F F Gibson. NT
Mrs S A CarneU. Cal
F Wright & w. London
C F Hlbbard ft w, Mln
W F McLachlan & w,
Canada
¦p McLachlan. Canada
p C McLAChlan. Can-
C Plersdal & w. Can
Miss Enders, Chicago
Miss Brega. Chlc«o
E F Sweeney. St Louis
j Peabody. Chicago
C H Colburn. Cal
I Loble. San Jo*»
P Xorboot. Cat
C O* Conner, Cal
O V Warsen. Stockton
J Tardier. Cal
J G Nelson. San Raf
E 1. Evans. San Diego
Miss F Evans. St Crux
K A Wade & w. B C
S E Brady, Cal
HOTEL ABBTVALS.
GRAND HOTEI*
PEKING. Feb. 21.— Prince Ching and L«
Hung Chang have received telegraphic in
structions from the court to notify the
Ministers of the powers that an edict has
been issued regarding the punishments of
Chinese officials confirmatory of the de
mands made by the Ministers as fol
lows:
General Tung Fuh Slang to be degraded
and deprived of his rank.
Prince Tuan and ,Duke Lan to be dis
graced and exiled.
Prince Chuang Ying- Nlen and Chao Shu
Chiao to commit suicide.
Hsu Chen Yu, Yu Hsien and Kl Hain
to be beheaded.
This? is not exactly what the Ministers
demanded, but it Is considered advisable
to agree to it, as the demand lor lives has
been agreed to, except in the case of Gen
eral Tung Fuh Slang, whom the court fs
powerless to moleet. There is a private
understanding that his life will be claimed
when It is possible.
The European and Chinese secretaries
of legations and others who have lived in
China for years consider that China has
gained a victory, as the only man ' the
court has to behead is Yu Hsien. Tho
other two are In the hands of the Jap
anese and could be beheaded when their
execution was wanted. Suicide is no dis
grace whatever in the eyes of the Chi
nese.
No one believes General Slang will ever
suffer punishment.
Prince Ching Is greatly alarmed at the
preparations for the- military expedition
Into the Interior. He asks why they aro
not countermanded, now that China has
agreed to the demands of the powe:*%
instead of which the preparations con
tinue.
J. Fowler, the United States Consul at
Chefu, ha* sent Minister Conger a proc
lamation issued by Yuen Shai Kai, the
Governor of the province of Shantung,
giving protection to the missionaries and
offering a reward of 200. taels for the cap
ture of. any of the ringleaders of the re
cent disturbances, and offering a reward
of 10) taels for the capture of others than
those actually committing outrages. The
civil and> military .authorities will ba held
strictly accountable for the good order of
their districts. When outrages are com
mitted they will be dipgraced and reported
to the throne. Where no outrages occur
for three years the civil and military
authorities will be rewarded by a merit
tablet and button.
The merchants of Tientsin have sent a
memorial to General- Chaffee askina him
to resume the occupation -of the Formo
san concesson, long ago given up and
unoccupied, though, both the British and
German commanders talk of annexing It.
The merchants point out that they will be
badly handicaped without the concession,
as they would <have to pay wharfage to
a foreign power as well as to the Chinese
officials. The general desires that the
matter be referred to Minister Conger, for
decision. ~ '
Court Issues Edict in
Accordance With
Demands. .
CHINA AGREES
TO PUNISH THE
BOXER CHIEFS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLOVERDALE, Feb. 21.-Among the
golden display of citrus fruits 1000 people
from Uklah and Intervening points cir
culated to-day, and many were the words
of praise for the numerous exhibits. Tho
judges had the task of their lives to-day
in awarding prizes. The two ladies who
had charge of the artistic display
awards put in the entire day. while th =
Judges of quality. Professor Shinn of
Berkeley and Dr. Myers of New York,
had no time to spare. The prizes awarJ
ed were as follows:
Best design— First, the chariot exhibited by
the Italian-Swiss agricultural colony, dealmed
by MIks Annie Smith; second, the "Five
Vases," exhibited by E. G. Furber. designed
by Miss Furber; third, the "Camulos Bells"
exhibited and designed by Miss Pauline Brush
icurth, the "Harp," exhibited by ClorerJale
Orange Company, designed by Miss Annie
Pmith; fifth. "Golden Gale." exhibited by Mr«
h. F. Green, designed by Mrs. F. P. Ccnn»r:
special mention. A. C. Ledger and Mn. Pres
ton.
Most artistic display awards— First. "The
Grctto," exhibited by H. J. Crocker, designed
by F. W. Bruch; second. "Harp," exhibited by
V. Yordl, designed by MI.«s Flora Yordi; third,
"The Sleigh," exhibited and designed by Miss
Annie Smith: fourth, "Uncle Tom's Cabin,"
exhibited and designed by the Women's Chris
tian Temperance Union. I
Best clusters— First, J. E. Chalfant; second
G. Hagmayer: third. "U*. T. Brush.
Best jellies— First, Mrs. A. M.- Coomes; sec
crd, Mrs. T. J. Dehay.
Best display of lemons— Itallan-Swles Colony.
Best display Pomelos'— Jchn Menlhan.
Best display citron— Mrs. C. Worth.
Best fruit in small quantities— Xavel or
argea, Mrs. E. Preston: second. H. Hubbard.
Best Joppa oranges — Mrs. Whittaker.
Best Valencia latfr. G. Hagmayer.
Best Malta blood— H. J. Crocker.
Best Mediterranean sweets, William Cald
welL
Best JapanesefG. Hagmayer.
Villa Franca lemons— H. Hubba.rd.
LUbon lemons— H. Hubbard.
Sicily lemons— Mrs. Whittaker. .
Greatest variety of citrus fruits — Brush.
'Beer & Markell; second. G. Hagmayer.
1 Best- display dried fruits— A. K. Clark.
Best display dried prunes— A. N*. Clark.
Be?t display softshell -walnuts— D. Leppo.
Best, display softchell almonds— Mrs. Frank
Eckert.
Best display raisins — Mrs. A. M. Coomes.
Best apples— D. Dunham.
Best pickled olives— A.' M. Coomes; second,
H. P. Belford: third. G. Hagmayer.
Best olive oil— J. A. Kleiser.
Awards Gladden the Hearts
of Exhibitors at the
Citrus Pair.
PRIZE WINNERS
AT CLOVERDALE
SALT LAKE, Feb. 21.— The first Impor
tant step toward the construction of the
much-talke.d-of railroad between Los An
geles and Salt Lake City was taken to
day, when the articles of incorporation of
the Empire Construction Company were
filed with the Countv Clerk of Salt Lake
County by C. H. Whittemore, local counsel
for the company.
This Is the corporation trrat Is organized
to construct the railroad from Los Ange
les to Salt Lake, to be known as the San
Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Rail
road, of which Senator W. A. Clark of
Montana is president and R. O. Kerens of
St. Louis is vice president.
The construction company Is organized
with a cash capital of $1,000,000. The offi
cers and Incorporators are: J. Ross Clarlt,
Los Angeles, president: George B. Leigh
ton St. Louis, vice president: T. F. Mil
ler. Los Angeles, treasurer: H. S. McKee.
Los Angeles, secretary- The directors are
W. A. Clark, R. C. Kerens. C. K. McCor
nick, David Keith. Reed Smoot and T. E.
Gibbon. The other incorporators are
Charles W. Clark an>i C. O. Whlttemore.
In addition to building railroads the
company Is empowered to construct tele
graph and telephone lines necessary for
the use of the railroad, to acaulre and
hold real estate and stocks and bonds of
railroads and generally to transact all
business pertaining to companies of this
character.
Patrolman Gorham Surprises Two
Ex-Convicts in the Act of Carry
ing Off Their Plunder.
Kdward J. I>ynch and August Qulnlan,
two ex-convicts of a desperate character,
were surprised in the act of burglarizing
Lowenthal & Co.'s dry goods store, at 29
Jessie street at 5 o'clock yesterday morn-
Ing by Private Patrolman Joseph Gor
ham, "who with the assistance of Police
man J. Donovan captured the men after
a short chase. Previously in the evening
they had entered Thomas C. Fray's stable
at 102 Vandewater street and had sequred
a horse and buggy. . When they were in
terrupted in their plundering expedition
by Patrolman Gorham they were about to
convey some of the property, which they
had secured In Ixmenthal's store, to the
stolen buergy. Lynch was captured by
Gorham. while his companion was ar
rested by Donovan after a merry sprint.
The burglars were taken to the Hall of
Justice, where two charges of burglary
were entered against them. Their cases
were callM In' Judge Cabaniss' court yes
terday and posponed for a week.
Rails Soon to Be Laid Be
tween Los Angeles and
Salt Lake City.
CLARK'S ROAD
IS A CERTAINTY
WASHINGTON. Feb. 21.— This was an
other field day In the House. Two dis
tinct sensations occurred. Early In the
day. during the consideration of an
amendment to the deficiency appropria
tion bill to prevent hazing at the Naval
Academy, Hepburn of Iowa used exceed
ingly strong language while Inveighing
against the practice of hazing, charging
by indirection that the habits of tyranny'
and oppression formed by the officers of
the army and navy at their academies
were responsible for the refusal of sailors
to enlist In the navy and for the large
number of desertions from the army.
Moreover, he alleged that the oKcers
stood by each other when In trouble. say-
Ing that the commanders of twenty-five
vessels of the navy lost since the civil
war had with one exception escaped with
slight punishment.
Cannon of Illinois and Dayton of West
Virginia warmly defended the navy.
The i«t!r caused by Hepburn's speech.
however, was mild compared with the
row which was kicked up over some Items
In the bill for extra compensation for em
ployes of the House. Dln3more of Arkan
sas exposed the fact that one of the em
ployes of the House while occupying one
position \ras drawing salary for another,
and that the difference between the sala
ries was to bp made up In one of the
items in the bill.
This led to a general ventilation of the
domestic affairs of the House, during
which Bailey of Texas declared that the
situation was a scandal upon the integ
rity of the House. He charged that there
were employes of the House who ware
dividing their salaries with others -who
performed no work, and challenged any
one on the other side to deny hla allega
tions. Then he offered a resolution for
the appointment of an investigating com
mittee, which was referred to the Com
mittee on Rule?.
The general deficiency appropriation
bill, the last cf the appropriation bill*.
-was passed.
Fitzgerald of Massachusetts offered an
omendment to appropriate Km for the en
tertainment of President Kruger upon tha
occasion of his visit to this country. Can
non at once made a potnt of order agalns*
it. and Lawrence of Massachusetts, in the
chair, sustained him.
Fitzgerald of Massachusetts critlcJxed
the Government for not preventing the
shipment of horses, mules and supplies
from our ports for the use of the British
army in South Africa. He charged that
the Secretary of State was in league with
the British, and contended that the treaty
of Washington, made between Great Brit
ain and the United States in 1871, was
being violated. His remarks drew from
Hitt. chairman of the Committee on For
eign Affairs, a statement that both the
united States and Great Britain had va
riously construed the treaty of 1571 and
International law as affecting sending of
supplies and arms to belligerents accord
ing to the purpose to be served. By the
ancient doctrine of the American peopl«
a3 to the rights of neutrals to trade, our
people, he said, are free to sell horses, to
sell flour, to sell even arms at their risk.
They may be intercepted, but that is the
doctrine of natfbns.
Hepburn of Iowa Charges
the Army and Navy
With Tyranny.
right side of the Jaw. Both legs were
badly bruised and the right ankle
ppralned. The flesh was stripped from the
fingers of the rleht hand.
Sanders" escape from death Is attributed
to the fact that he struck the bottom of
the shaft feet first.
As the scene of the accident Is about
twelTe miles from thl3 point the injured
man was made as comfortable as possible
at a rancher's house last night and was
brought here at an early hour this morn
ins, when his Injuries were attended to
by Dr. il. B. Huff. Sanders displayed un
usual nerve while In the operating chair.
His wounds are sever© and dangerous.
HAZING STIRS
BITTER WORDS
URGES SUPPRESSION OF EVIL.
Epworth League Protests Against
Chinese Slavery and Ingleside.
The following resolutions were adopted
at a meeting of the Epworth League Al :
liance held at Grace M. E. Church,
Twenty-first and Capp streets, last night: j
vrherca-. There ex'.rts in this city the crime
of human slavery, and human beings of the
Chinese race are sold and boueht and deprived
of their liberty an4 compelled to live a life of
shame that destroys both soul and body.
Retolved. That this body of young people de
plores the fart that hundreds of young women
of Chinese birth are in this c'.ty enslaved in a
bondage worse than African slavery ever was.
Resolved, That we will cast our influence
with the present crusade that has for its aim
the abolition of this evil.
Resolved. That we will with prayer and voice
ani vote second all laudable efforts to lead
these slaves to the liberty promised in free
America.
Resolved. That ire -will throw our influence
with the Law and Order Leajrue of this city to
rM this mur.1c!r.ality of this and other evils.
Resolved. That we urpe the passage of the
bill introduced in the Legislature by Assembly
man Know-land.
REV. A. C. BAKE.
REV. W. M. WOODWARD.
Committee.
¦Whereas. The subject of reopening Ingleslde
will be considered by the Board cf Supervisors
n«»xt Monday at 2:30 p. m. in their rooms, sec
ond floor cf the new City Hall; and
Whereas, A larg» petition has b*en presented,
purporting to come from the business men of
this city, asking for an ordinance of this kind;
therefor*
Refolved. That we crrsMer such an ordinance
an unwarranted attempt to override the will cf
th" people *xrres=s*.i at the last election; and,
Seoond. That we -will do all in our power to
defeat thi* ordinance by Flcntr.c the petition
already in circulation apainst the ordinance
and by influencinj as many as possible to do
the same.
REV. A. C. BAST.
I REV. W. M. WOODWARD,
Committee.
PARK COMMISSIONERS WILL
EXPERIMEUT WITH OIL
Attention of Experts Is Invited to
Tests at the Park Pump
ing Station.
At a meeting of the Park Commissioner?
held last night at the Palace Hotel it was
decided to make several tests of oil as
fuel at the park pumping station. A com
munication vras received from the United
Ojl Producing Company calling the at
tention of the Commissioners to the value
of oil used as fuel, and they decided to
Invite the attention of experts to the tests
to be made shortly.
The committee on the proposed tennis
courts was given until the next meeting
to report.
A larfre force of men will be put to work
cleaning out Stow Lake, it was an
nounced. The water will be drawn off by
means of siphons and used for irrigation
purposes. The bottom of the lake wi'.l
tren be thoroughly scraped, sprinkled
with lime and then refilled. The work
will require about three weeks* time
William C. Kaelin offered to sell to the
Commissioners a bronze cannon that was
cast in the sixteenth century. Commis
sioner Stanton was selected to confer with
.the editor of a morning paper in regard
to a cannon found on the beach of Subig
Kay. The gun was dismounted by a shot
fired from the Charleston a short time be
fore she was wrecked.
SIGNATURES to the petition to the
Board of Supervisors: not to re
pppn th»» In.piesi'lp track were re
ceived by the hundred at the
headquarter? of the Law and
Order League, at 723 Market street, yes
terday. From ore large wtabUfhrafrit. the
l'::i>'n Iron Works, alone, hundreds came
In. This eircunsraric.? greatly encouraged
tlM members of the league, for It demon
i-trated beyrr.-l rjuestJon that the great |
l..-.^!y nf rr.<»ohan!c!« in the city were in j
favor of keepinp the track closed.
LAst night copies of the petition were
pent out to a!l the religious denominations |
in the ciry. &.~f-cmpanied by a circular let
ter requpstiTig that this matter of vital
interest to the welfare of the people of
Fan Franci?co should be brought up at i
every service to be held next Sunday, for
the purpose of receiving the signatures of
[be thousands of worshipers. To each
ror.grepation In the city were sent sev
eral copies of the petition, that all who
wished rr.'.cht be given an opportunity to
be enrolled In favor of the right. At
rr.^Tlr.ps r,{ the various young people's
societies on Wednesday evening petitions
asrairm tbe reopening of Ingleside were
figned by hundreds. Many thousands of
names will be added next Sunday to the
petitions.
A movement Is also under -way to enlist
the leading business men of the city in the
good work. A committee is calling upon
them with the request that they will ex
ercise their moral influence by being: in at
tendance at the meeting of the Supervis
or: 1 r.<=xt Monday. Many leading men of
business are expected to take part In one
of the mr>?t Impressive demonstrations
that this city bajs ever beheld. Church or- I
g-anJrations and vounp people's organlza- j
rirr 4 e nr<? workinir to«reth«>r every day. ap- I
predating the disgrace, and injury which
the gamblers are attempting to put upon
the community. A meeting of the law
and Ord«»r Leagy will be held to-morrow
afternoon p.t 1 o'clock and a full attend
ance Is particularly requested, for the
HXBRY THEE EPISODE
FOEGOTTEN BY ORATOB
Knights of St. Patrick and Friends
Meet to Honor the Memory of
Washington.
A most enjoyable entertainment was
riven by the Kr.ijrhts of St. Patrick last
ripht at Metropolitan Hall in honor of
Washington's birthdav. Washington was
Bt r>ne time A member of the Friendly
Pts of St. Patrick, an organization d»
fign»Hl to fnrter intercolonial friendships
between the downtrodden of all nations.
Therefore the Irish residents and citizens
cf the United States unite annually to do
honor to his memory.
H. C. O'Connor pr"«ided and spok*
briefly about the occasion. Thero was
plenty of music and song. M. Merigan
< per.ir.? with thp '"Stars and Stripp* For
ever*' ;-..« an organ prelude. Mary C
¦\Vel5h. cornet; (irai-e M. Welsh, cello;
Alna R. \\>!sh. violin, and Juliet Gra.-^.
p!»n5?r. furr.'.shed one of the most inter-.
» sr'.r.jr rr.us'.r.-j features of the eveninsr.
Mr*. J. \V. Madden sang an old-fashioned
negro melody and an Irish folk song.
\vhich Ftt the fe*t and hands of the aud - ;
encc movir.gr. W. J. O'Brien. Miss Daisy
I\eare ar.-l George V. Wood also contrib
uted to the- e-vr nine's tntertainment.
Mayor Jam^s D. Pholan was the orator
r-.f the e\>-r.ir.g. His ih^m" wa« "Th«-s
Principal" of Washington and the Destiny
rT the Republic." He reviewed Washingf
t"n> life almost from the rime of the
cherry tree episode ur> to the time of hi*
farewell addrr^s and pointed out from his
standpoint wherein nis policy in those
days should be adop?r<' at the present
time, in so far as the relations of th?
I'nited States Government toward Its
ri<=w!v acquired po^swsior.!* should be gov
crred by his declared views.
The meetlnjf closed by the audience sinp-
Ir.g "The Star-Spangled Banner."
¦ ye^ ORONA, Feb. 21.— Jess Sanders.
n an employe of the Corona De
(l . velopment Company at Temescal,
had a miraculous escape from
instant death last night.
" Sanders and Monte Wilson were digging
at the bo;tom of shaft No. 5, the dirt be
ing hoisted to the surface in a large
bucket operated by ropes, pulleys and a
horse. The bucket being filled, the usual
signal was given and as It began to rise
Sanders thoughtlessly seized one of the
moving ropes with his right hand in an
effort to steady the load. His fingers were
at once drawn Into the pulley blocks, and
he was slowly carried upward with the
bucket of earth. His fellow, worker
shouted "Whoa!" to the horse a number
of times, and when the unfortunate man
had been carried half way up to the
mouth of the shaft the horse stopped for
a few seconds, and then started again.
Just as man and bucket reached the
surface the horse stopped once, more, but
Sandera was unable to extricate himself,
and the animal again moved on and the
unfortunate man was carried upward a
distance of fifteen feet to the top of the
derrick. Just before the pulley blocks met
he made- an effort to free hi3 right hand
by pulling on the opposite rope. The ef
fort was successful, but the left hand was
immediately caught. The unfortunate
man in his agony wrenched his hand loose
and fell like a stone a distance of twenty
nve feet to the bottom of the shaft.
When lifted out he wa3 still conscious,
though bleeding profusely from a cut on
the chin, which extended around to the
of Hyde street. 93 :« S of Lombard. S 2 by
Sl EUa*' 0 A. Evan, (wife of Arthur XTJ to
Thomaa P. Hosan. lot on W line of Hyde
street. 6S:9 B of Vallejo. S K:ll by W 63:9;
$500
h' S Kahler to Nicholas Smith, lot on XV
line' of Twenty-first «.renue, SO N' of Clement
street. N 100 by W 240; J2000. *
William E. and Angu«ta T. Dennlson to
Ellta J. Hulme, lot on E line of Tenth ave
nue. 200 N of Clement strett, E 1». N 13:5. W
IN! S 40:6; J2OO0. _.
Willard V. and Marie I*. Huntinrton to w.
W. Van Arsdal*. lot on N line of B street.
S7:« E of Twelfth avenu«. E 50 by N100: $lo0<).
Loul*a A. Montague to Mai M. Watson (wife
cf Douglas S.). lot on N line of Fulton street,
SJ:« W of Thlrty-tlxth arenue. W •* by N
100; jsn.
Builders' Contracts.
J. D. Floyd, owner, with O. Finke, contractor,
architect A. XV. Marquis, alterations and addi
tions and install fixtures or furniture, etc.. In
building at US California street, known as
Floyd's Cafe: total $3165.
Sterllr.fr Storace Company, owners, with
Charles W. Henon. contractor, superintendent
W. J. Thomson, all work for a. brick division
wall In a one-story brick warehouse on the XE
corner of Martposa terrace and Harrison street;
E 573 by N 275: total. $HU.
Claus Spreckels. owner, with J. R. Pool, con
tractor architects Reid Bros., tearing down
and removal of bulldlner. Including foundations,
on lot 20 by TO. fronting 20 feet on Stevenson
street extending N 70 and E line being 75 feet
from Third street.
Maria SJoholm. owner, with W. L. Holman.
1 contractor, architect E. A. Hermann, all work
! for one electric passenger elevator in flve-
Btory frame building on XW corner of Sutter
and Powell streets. W 15 by X SQ:S; total $1&9.
PROTEST AGAINST INGLESIDE.
The Law and Order Lcncrne, of which the following gentle- '
men compote the committee — the Her. H. A. Flik, the Rev. F. A. ,
Dotar, I. J. Truman, K. L. Tnrpin, the Rev. W. \V. White, the
B*t. W. M. Woodward, tbe Rev. Dr. Beard and K. C. Gilbert ,
have Issued the following address to the pnhlici
The moral people of San Francisco have In the past stood solidly against
that -which iegrdca and destroys manhood. Are we going to surrender that '
which has been zalr.ed by such persistent effort without orotest? We are
now broujht face to far* with one of the most eerlous Issues that could pos-
E'b'.y enlist the Interests cf every lover of Justice and morality.
* Th» r"!""*"* element cf our city Is msklr.e a strong- effort to reopen the
Ir.gleside racetrack. Shall we penntt it? The highest and best type of our
titiier.sh!? should say. with one of the most emphatic NOES ever heard in
th'.« city, that it wJH not be tolerated.
Tt* matter Is xo be brought up again at a meeting of the Board of Super
visors next Monday afternoon. Th« rressure beir.e brought to bear" by the
gimbltnff e'.ernent upon tho Supervisors to reopen must be met by a loud,
strong rrote*t.
Every citizen who desires to keep this place closed Is called upon to siyn
the aecornpanvir.g petition and return at or.ce to the Daw and Order League,
room a, 7T3 Market street, citv. '
A PROTEST AGAIXST TOE REOPEX1XO OF WGLESIDE.
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors of the City and Coun
ty of San Francisco— Gentlement We, the undersigned dtltens of
the city and county- of San FrancUro, hereby petition your hon
orable body not to take «ny "teps looking- to tbe reopening of
Inglestde racetrack nnder any consideration WHATSOEVER.
Xante Addrcsi
Xante ......Address .........................
time remaining for action Is short and
the gamblers are actively at work. '
Herbert Stockton of. San Jose and Miss Ida Malone of Oak
land Marry Secretly on New Year's" Day at ' San
Rafael and the Fact Has Just Been Given Publicity
OAKLAND. Feb. 21.— The story of
a quiet little wedding that took
place in San Rafael on New
Year's day without the knowledge
of the parents of either party has
just come to " light. The couple are
Herbert Stockton of San Jose and Miss
Ida Malone of this city, and now that the
secret is out the young people are pre
paring to gro away on a little wedding trip
and then take up their home In San Joee.
Herbert Stockton Is the son of wealthy
parents in San Jose. His father Is the
o-wner of a large winery in that city, and
the groom Is something of a social light
In the Garden City. He Is .a. member of
the Garden City Wheelmen and Is con
nected with the firm of Edwards & Samp
kln.
Miss Ida Malone Is the daughter of Mrs.
Frances Malone of 1537 Brush street in
this city. She is a stenographer In the of
fice of Goldsby & Day, attorneys.
The young people wanted to marry last
year, but opposition was made by the par
ents of young Stockton*. Their opposition
was so strong that the couple finally de
cided to be married secretly and then see
if the parents would not relent;
On New Tear's day Herbert Stockton
came to Oakland and met Miss Malone.
Together they went to San Rafael, where
Hundreds Sign Petition to Supervisors
Not to Permit Reopening and Thou
sands More Will Add Their Names
CITIZENS FIGHTING
AGAINST INGLESIDE
WEDDED NEARLY TWO MONTHS
BEFORE PARENTS HEAR OF EVENT
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1901.
Jesse Sanders' Fingers Catch in a
Pulley Rope and He Is Carried
to Top of Derrick With Bucket
FALLS TO BOTTOM
OF A MINING SHAFT
JESS SANDERS. VICTIM OF A
PECULIAR ACCIDENT AT
TEMESCAL.
9
BURGLARS CAUGHT WHILE
REMOVING STOLEN GOODS
OP BEEF.
Savory and Sustaining.
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
which often leads to The Crip.
When chilly or exhausted take a
cup of wanning, stimulating beef
tea made froni the -well-known
AVOID COLO QR CHILL
They say Bernhardt is a lit-
tle cross at times.. Read what
a special reporter of the Sun-
day Call has to say in next
Sunday's Magazine Section.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1901.
10
_ LOST AXO KOI7JTD.
LOST— On 6:45 narrow-gause boat from Saa
Francisco black and white cocker spaniel H
B. BLANDING. 1617 Everett st. AUnieda.*
LOST— Feiraie foxterrler. with brown spots
collar and tagr. Return to 761 Valencia it
and receive reward.
SUITABLE reward tn person returning pocket-
book containing $26 50 and racetrack badga
lost at Casino Sunday. Box 1873. Call.
LOST— An Irish setter doff. Finder will return
to 144 First st. and receive reward.
LOST— Saturday night, a gold open-fac» watch.
with J. L. E. on back (Tiffany make), picture
of old gentleman in case: was attached to
leather fob with silver string. Finder return
to California Hotel and receive reward.
LOST— At Mardl Gr<»3 ball, a diamond sun-
burst: liberal reward for return. Box 1S35.
Call office.
LOST— About January 23, lady's diamond frog
pin: green eyes. Suitable reward upon re-
turn to C. E. GRAHAM. 4 Montgomery st
Wanted— Old Kolcl for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
jeweler. 24S Q-Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD jrold. sliver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JKNKEL. «17 Mark»t mt.
M ATTRBSSESAX D V Ml OLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and upholstery: tel. South 792;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning; strictly re-
liable. HOPKE BROS.. S1S-320 Eleventh st.
MATRHIOMAU
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthyMadles
send 10c for list; oldest reliable agency; con-
fldentlal. MRS. HERTZ. 7C« Ellis st
MARRIAGE bureau; reliable and confidential.
MR. BLAKE. K3 Kearny st. rooma 4 and 5.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market, the well-
known ladies* sseclallsts; 32 years* practice:
perfectly reliable: a positive cure guaranteed
at office; patient* treated can return «anw
day: those wishing to treat themselves should
- send for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MENT: a sure cure; gives Instant reltei: harm-
less; any one can use It: stamp for circular.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known expert on
diseases of women, has returned from Eu-
rope; a treatment fruaranteed to give Instant
relief for any ailment; safe and reliable: 10
years In Q. C. Hospital. London; practiced In
B. T. since 1S84; maternity home; fee low.
1(507% Market street, near Sixth.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 10lS Market.
' opp. Sth: world-renowned ladleV specialist;
| safe. Tellable: practiced In San Francisco for
years: treated thousands of cases successfully:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS DR KOHL. 957 Market St.. cor. Sixth —
Eafe and reliable ladies' physician: 23 years"
successful practice; positive cure guaranteed;
when others fall consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice: Ruaranteed treatment at
office: any ailment: home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post st. bet Hyd» and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEX— Removed to 111* Market,
bet. Taylor and Mason: ladles' specialist
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 panes, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
rnstngo pnM.
MIXES AXD MIM.VG.
MINES bought ard sold: also stock* in mines
¦nd oil companies. Prof. John Tllton. ¦ «7*-
478. 4th floor. Parrott hln>. : 1«-H- 1-*
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERsT^englnes, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second-hand ; we always
have a large stock of saloon «— tAts on hand;
82 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
w« can ship everything in 24 hour*. J.
NOON AN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth: write for ratalgoue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for JS down and
S5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
¦t.: rentals, new machines. S3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents "gear machinery, en-
irines. boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys.
etc. WH1TELAW. ?!» Spear st.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Ar^tv bc n« California st.
' 30 2ND-HAND enameled bath tubs: 20 H. P.
I Westlnghouse motor; cheap. 234 Mission 6t.
50.000 BRICK for sale at Third and Steven-
son sts.
1 FOR sale— An upright piano In good order;
price S100. ?14 Franklin st.
BARGAIN— New. larie. family tent, awnlnxs.
all complete. Can be seen at 2441 Buchanan.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montjry.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2il-hard:
all sizes: Btiaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
A 15 AND 25 II. P. boiler; 8 H. P. engine:
ch»ap. J. BURKE, 13r» Beate st.
KIHST-CLASS second-hand modern en*-ln»9 ami
boiler* bought and sold. KRC.iH MFO. Co.
2D-HAND steam. Bas. oil, water and atr ma-
chinery boucht and sold. White. 61* M!««1on.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern roods
boucht soVl. exchanged. 11* Montromery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. TUB HKR-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-413 Sncrament© st
MAGIC lanterns, new and Srt-hand moving
pictures BT^LLARP « TIJtECK. 13t Po*» st.
FAFES-i-New and second-hand: all slxe*. Tlltl
WALTZ SAFE. m-Mli Market st.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
fall. 16 P3ee» # sent to any .address In the
United States or Canada one year for II.
posts;*" P*»M. ¦--¦
MTSCEI.LATVRntlS WATTS.
LADIES' and jrentV cust-off clothln* bought *
sold. Sllverman. 984 Fclsom: tel. Folsom 1131.
WANTED— A small safe and cash register.
Box 1?."D. Call office.
MOXKY TO LOA\
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peool* can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; £o business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; r.o
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. WS Market st
ANY proposition, any amount; • r*r cent: firat.
second mortxaBss. estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation leans, chattel
mortgages ar.d securities. Room 16. 1st fl-ior.
Chronicle bulldlnsr. HALLORAN * OLSEN.
ANY amount at R per cent; 1st. 23 and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages ard legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my tfvtn* before dotni? buslne«s else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. !t Montgomery, r. J.
HIOHLT respectable, private p!ace to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Ptore. S46 Market
St.: t»t. Main 1644. Branch 1? Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, et?.. by private
, party; no removal: no commission: eenflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conserratory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable, place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HE-THAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick- lowest interest: easv terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room ct.
MONF.Y loaned salaried peopfe without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
J'fO.WO TO loan en real estate or for buildinc:
low rate. Home Bid*. Co.. 722 Sansome. rm. J.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: t%. undi-
vided Ints.; estates. HARPER.337 Parrott b!y.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plaiv. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott buildlnc.
MONEY to Ion on furniture by prtvts party:
low rate. 917 Market st. room L
CASH loaned to sKturtsd people on note wlthoB*
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
<1«r«»r. p. F. Dl»r«tin» A «—---- 14S Pnetan b?».
•MUSICAL IXSTnCMESTS.
TH"E MauvaW Music Co.. agents for the cele-
brated Decker & Son pianos, have Just re-
ceived another carload of these beautiful in-
struments. The greatest variety In styles of
cases and woods can be seen and persons de-
siring to seject one of these rnost perfect
pianos should call early. Warerooo. 733 Mar-
Vet «t.
WE have In stock, a ccmplct* assortment of
Smith & Barnes. Baumeister. Wlllar«l anl
Arllncton pianos for those who desire a good
reliable instrument, but do not care to pay
tha price- of a Decker. To all such we giv»
the privilege of exchanging for a Decker at
any time by paying ¦ the difference without
loss. We sell on payment* with low Interest
If It is desired. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 76J
Market st.
AT wholesale until March 1—100 new pianos:
$133 up; greatest offer ever made In prices
and terms — $3 per month and up.
1 Stelnway $i«*
1 Novella , «
I Kallet-Davls , 41*
1 Heine W5
1 rffclck»rln< 24»»
We handle nil makes: agents for some of
the oldest nivl mest famou.3 pianos In ex-
istence— Hallet-Davjs, Behr Bms.. Jewett,
etc.; agents wanted. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary st.
A BONA-FIDE cleaning out removal sal* of
second-hand pianos at low auction price*. S3>
up (thts week only). WILSON'S Storage, 1719
Market .t.
EMPLOVMKXT OFFICES.
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office; best
help furn. ; domestic servants; work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post at; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE central house-cleaning &. employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 526 O'Farrell St.. tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of- j
Hce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188. i
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office: Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nfse help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black £072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. <11^ O'Farrell st. tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMKNT WANTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT nursery governess or lady's ;
maid; understands halrdressing and manicur-
ing: good references. Call or address 12 Fella
place, off Powell st, between Pine and Bush.
RELIABLE Protestant woman wishes house-
work; steady place wanted: references given.
Please call 40 Minna St., between First and
Second.
EXPERIENCED, young iady stenographer
wishes outside typewriting, either by the
piece or by the hour. M. Y. room 69 sixth
floor. 916 Market st.
SCOTCH woman desires engagements; ladlee'
nurse; diploma; tneclally ' commended by
medical examiners of Glasgow hospitals. 317
Natoma St.. between Fourth and Fifth.
YOUNG woman wishes position as second plrl
and waitress; references. 723 Eighteenth st,
corner Minnesota.
WOMAN wishes to cook and assist with house-
work for a family of adults; moderate wages.
Call at 7 Van Ness ave.
AN elderly woman would like to work In small
family: Is a good plain cook; would take care
of child or do a day's work. 2017 Powell st.
COMPETENT woman wishes a few more day's
washing. 414 Octavia Bt. upper flat.
GOOD cook wishes position In small family of
adults: wages $25. L. R.. 1096 Valencia st.
YOUNG woman, literary student, wishes em-
ployment as office assistant several hours
dally. Address P. A. B., care Y. W. C. A..
1259 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Position by middle-aged English
woman as working" housekeeper or cook on a
farm; best of references. 913 Fillmore st,
near McAllister.
AMERICAN woman wishes to go out by the
day: washing. Ironing or housecleanlng: first-
class worker; $1 and carfare. Box 1833, Call.
GIRL from country wants place to care for
children or light housework; wages $10. Box
_JS50. Call office.
SWEDISH girl wishes to work by day. Call
at 330 Tremont ave.
REFINED young woman who wishes to learn
the trafie would llku position In flrst-class
halnlresslng establishment. Address H. W.,
126 Ellis st
YOUNG girl would assist In light housework:
small family; no washing: wages. $12. Call
79 Waller st. ; no' postals answered.
WOMAN would like to do work by the day.
146 Eleventh »t.. room 10.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st? near Mar-
<»ket— 2C0 rooms: 25c to $1 60 night. $1 B0 to $8
week: convenient find respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. -^^
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
BOOKKEEPER. D. E.. and stenographer: 5
years' experience: honest, industrlqus Rnd
able; deslren position; gacd references. Box
1*61. Ca!l office.
GARDENER (professional) wishes situation
private place; experienced In all branches;
can milk; good references. Address box 1S74,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS German cook would like to get
work In hotel or restaurant; understands Eng-
lish. French and Hungarian cooking. 242 Na-
toma st, basement.
MAN with good reference wants position ns
night watchman or porter; speaks 3 languages.
Box 1S76. Call.
GENTLEMAN of Intelligence and education,
speaking a number of languages, wishes em-
ployment. Box 1SS0, Call office.
RELIABLE and comi.ete.nt chef . wants posi-
tion:, hotel or restaurant: first-class city ref-
erences. Address Cook, G15 Larkin Ft.
SITUATION wanted by coachman: city or
country: best of references. Box 1857. Call. '
RELIABLE young mnn wishes to learn carpet
laying trade; wages no object. Box 1SS2. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man, unmarried, mechanic,
wnnts place In hotel or summer resort to
make repairs and assl«t as porter, etc. ;
small wages. Box 1S41. Call. -
MAN wants work on private place-; under-
stands horses, cows, butter, poultry:- handy
with tools: last employer can be interviewed.
Reliable, box 1847. Call. V ¦'»?.*••
STATIONARY engineer, strictly sober.* and In-
dustrious, 12 years' experience, wants steady
position; best of references. Box 1S43, Call.
ENGINEER wishes- employment ; able to do
all own repairs. Box 1S33, Call.
SITUATION wanted by practical laundryman:
no objection to out of town: am applicable
to any position where physical labor Is re-
quired: out of employment. Address T. J.
TURNER. Cosmopolitan Hotel. -
SITUATION wanted ¦ bv practical soapmaker
\ of nil kinds of \ laundry and toilet sonns.
boiled nr cold process, sand and salt water
scans; enn take entire charge '.If necessary.
Address O. N.. 8 Decatur St.. S. F.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper, stenographer «nd
typewriter would • like position: good refer-
ences; city or country.- Box 1S09. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call. branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
Tfi pnr-es. In ffrfiwv-. for maiUn*'. SI r>«r ve«r.
KSCHANGK.
NEW house of 8 r'ms, will exchange
for lots in AlamMs. Oakland or Berk.
_J. H. Ycnng.owner and builder.- 1243 Park st.
FRATiiF.n vn.Lowa.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 544 Stevenson st.
BUSINESS CnAXCES — COXTIXUKD.
ACTIVE man to Invest from $1000 to $5000 in
established legitimate business; experience
unnecessary; guaranteed salary of $150 'o {200
monthly; best city references and bankable
security given. Opportunity, box 1776, Call.
OUTSIDE route on this paper tor sal*. Apply
Call Bualness Office.
LARGE outside route fNo. 10) f«r sale. Apply
ot Call business office.
A CUSTOMER of ours has cash and unencum-
bered real estate to exchange for cood pny-
ing business or Etock of merchandise. HER-
BERT & CO.. rm. 710. Emma Spreckels bldg.
FOR sale — A steam laundry In the Sacramento
Valley doing a business from T1C0 to $130 per
week; no other laundry within 50 miles. Box
1645, Call office.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
Including sawmill, timber !ands. yards, lum-
ber etock. donkey engine, horse teams, etc
H. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
TO LEASE from the 1st of March; unfurnished
hotel, broad gauge station. San Rafael. Ap-
ply owner. 11 Lyon 6t.. San Francisco.
SALOOX fixtures, bar. cash register, safe,
etc., for Bale cheap; retiring. 432 Dupont st.
$3'0— PARTNERSHIP: city business: can make
$100 a month. Cal. Bus. Assn.. SC5H Market.
WELL-ESTABLISHED carpenter shop for
sale. Apply 316 Goush st.
FOR sale— A fish and delicacy store. Address
C. M. W.. 846 Virginia st. Vallejo.
$3? V.'INS S300 per month at races; reference*
piven. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
LARGE inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
LODCIXCHOCSES FOR SALE.
35-ROOM house; cheap rent $1000
7-room flat; best part of city $375
22 rooms; very Rood; clears $100 $951
17 rooms; near Call office JCOO
24 rocms; sure to clear $100 $1000
34 rooms; on Market st $$50
! MONET TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
BO-room boardlnjr-house $5500
340-room hotel; clears $500 SS300
fiO-room corner house: clears $"50 $.'000
10 rooms on Eddy st. : clears $75 $S50
10 rooms on Taylor r,t $450
IS rooms; new. elegant furniture 11400
"8 rooms: new; elegant: clears $"00 $2300
H. C. DKCKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 7?6.
MARION GRIFFIN has a big ll-t of houses.
Rooms 1 & 2. No. 719 Market: near Call bldg.
13 rooms; rent $75; first floor: all offices; must
be sold; departure; reduced from $1900 to $1450.'
8 rooms; cor. flat; all sunny; elegant; rent $45;
: brand new and nice; strictly first class.
I 11 rooms; costly fur.: rent $."5: respectable.$900
40 rooms: respectable: rent $150; modern
house; owner leaving c:ty: a fine bargain.
18 rooms: good fur." rent $ ( ft $1100
60 rooms; fine cor. house: Iteht; sunny;
I full; price reduced f-om J30CO to.... $4300
A WE PAY SPOT CASH
For Rooming-houses and Hotels
Do Not Walt for Agents to Sell
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market.
$750— 20 ROOMS: all one floor: Geary et. ;
clears ?100; only $230 cash required.
$2C0 cash for 11-room house: .nicely fur-
nished; rood location; balance payments.
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money, you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
30 ROOMS; brand-new; must sell; north Mkt;
rent $75. WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market.
11 ROOMS: north of Market: pnrt cash: rrlce
$42. r .. WINSTON A WOLF. 1026 Market St.
CO ROOMS; rent $115: north of Market: fine pay-
ing house. WINSTON * WOLF. 1026 Market.
16 ROOMS: corner: cheap rent; price J2K0O; part
cash. WINSTON & WOLF. 10?f, Market st
CO ROOMS: newly furnished: rent $150 $30<V) j
20 rr>oms; Van Ness; finely furn.; extra.. 950 |
1ft ronms. JC-0: 10 rooms, quick 330 I
**30 buys 14 elegantly furnished rooms; all I
hair mattresses: be?t of> bedding: clears $63
month; rent only $52 W: bl* barsrain; best lo-
latlon. FISHER & CO., 1032 Market St.
LODGING-HOUSES— Sizes and prices to suit
all buyers; titles guaranteed: money loaned
buyers; before buying call.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st. bet 5th & fith.
CALL and *ee our list of bargains in houses;
we have them In any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28
Sixth et.
PARTLY furnished 14-room house at a bar-
gain: all outside sunny baywlndow rooms;
rur.nlng water; must sell: owner has to leave
city; central location. Box 1S31. Call. j
CORNER lodging-house for sale: all full and
In best order; 14 rooms. Call S73 Washington
st. Oakland. !
$7.'.1— 26 ROOMS: fine location: well furnished; j
all rented; low rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy Bt ;
J3"0— 9 ROOMS; always full: convenient loca-
tion; lowrent: net Income $38. Box 1SS4. Call.
ISO": BAY-WINDOW house. l« rooms, good fur-
niture; always full; rent $44. S3! Folsom st. j
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, j
IB pag»«. !n wrapper, for mailing. %l per year. I
CAUPET BEATI.Nti AXD OLRAXIXG. {
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work i
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat- '
ing Works. 3C3-3.-.7 Tehama St.; tel. South 43.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. Z Eighth st; teL Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHKLL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Work*. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 12K.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED, the celebrated gypsyC Prlnce^Les^
I ter. whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of
the one you will marry, for a short time;
the only medium In the world bo sure of his
occult power that he will give every person
who comes prepared a wonderful free test, i
Call or write, with stamps for answer, 13S2
Market st, opposite Odd Fellows' Hall.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tlngs. $1. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-n!^ht, also Wed.,
startling tests. 10c; readings. 50c, $1. 14S 6th.
KARL EBERHARDT'S new Friday night test
* meeting. 10c. 32C0 22d. bet. Mission. Valencia.
MRS. FUSIB REYNOLDS, materializing ee^ i
ance Friday eve., 30c. 139 Taylor st.
WASHINGTON'S birthday materializing se-
ance to-day 1 o'clock. 30c. 1CS4 Bush st.
EARLE. 305 Taylor st. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Tuesday and Thursday.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
readings dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14. j
MRS. LESTER— Readings. EOc: circle every eve I
ex. Sat. 10c; devel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk.
MRS. LOUISE R. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer, room 14, 205 Larkln st
C Mayo-Steers. llZ'i Oak at., trance medium?
readings $1: hours 1-5 p. m.: tel. Howard 627.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: tests tn all to-night; 10c.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weeklv
S?. U '•""*¦*¦«• eerit «> any address In the
United Ptnte* r-r r»nr>da one venr for »1.
CLAIRVOYANTS. . ~
mme! m. hern ard. the' famous ~~
Clairvoyant and business medium. Is perma-
nently located at 17 Third st, next Examiner
building. She reads ycur life correctly, gives
an accurate description of the past, reveais
the present happenings and portrays events
to occur in the future. If you are in trouble
discontented, unhappy or not satisfied In life,
or have domestic, love or business troubles,
consult this great medium and you will be
told how to overcome them. Valuable advice
In all affairs of life; 2bc up; perfect satisfac-
tion guaranteed.
CONSULT tho Quaker medium and palmist: sho
will reunite you -with your loved one; ber ad-
vice can be relied upon In all business affairs,
ealex of property, oil. mines and lawsuits; do
you wsint a better position? Ca'l and learn how
! to set It. MRS.E.SAKDERS.1104 Market, r. 28.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 120S Mar-
ket st. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 2.1
and 26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally nnd Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sleht:
diagnoses disease with life reading; la'lle"> 50c,
pent« Si; p»lm. and clalr. sit. $1 CO. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Rypsj-, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located IKS Market, op.
Cth: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant business me-
dium; mining a specialty. 215 Kearny. r. . 8-10.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader;
free teMs 23c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor. Sixth.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. wate*
reader. 11 Cth; German spoken :tel.I£owardl8*5.
MME. ZEISEDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ltst and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh 6t.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant card reader;
sittings dally. 448^4 Jessie St., bet. 5th & 6th.
MRS. B. BAUMAN, the well-known fcrtune-
t'llcr, has removed to ZS Eddy ct
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A — THE! First Graduated Palmist Ever in San
Francisco.
PROFESSOR JOHNS,
The world's greatest living palmist and clair-
voyant, can be consulted dally on all affairs of
life; he advises you whether you will be suc-
cessful in business, mining or lawsuits, etc.;
Professor Johns Is beyond the shadow of a
doubt the most scientific practicing palmist
and clairvoyant In tbe world to-day.
There is no home so dreary or sad, no life
so hard and blighted, no heart so sad and
lonely, that cannot be set right and kept right
after a visit to this inspired prophet of modern 1
times: all long-standing and chronic diseases
I that have baffled the physician's skill cured
without the use of medicine; he reunites the
separated. settles lovers' quarrels, causes
speedy and happy marriage, locates hidden
treasures, removes evil influences; cures fits;
drunkenness cured without the patient's
knowledge; tells if your loved one Is true; en-
ables you to win the affection of any cne you
desire; also thai which a person is best adapt-
ed for in life Is pointed out; he enables you to
overcome your enemies: no matter what your
trouble is, he can and will help you or
charge you nothing for his services.
N. B. — Palmistry taught: mediumlstlc per-
sons developed. 2'3!4 Kearny st., near Market.
Readings by mall.
If you cannot call, write. Give date of birth,
etate whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss; ask six
questions; Inclose $1. 9 a. m. to S p. m.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
CHIROPODISTS. .
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chll-
hlalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms and yard. 134
Rose ave.. between Gough and Octavia, 1>4
blocks from Market.
WOLFE st. 8— Cottaee 4 rooms, yard, etc.;
rent $9. Key 2948 Mission st.
$12 — REAR sunny house of 5 rooms, facing
small street 2C10 Cnlifornia st
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done .painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 SO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on. all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 50: fillings. ',50c; plates,
J5, full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth 8t
EIGHT rri7.es for best crowns, plates, bridges,
and flllings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
1 experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made ovc-r like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting, 50c: gas given.
I THE New York Dentists have moved to 909
Mission st. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
end bridges: difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, 50c.
DR.R.L.WALSH.«1C% Geary, nr. Larkln-Pain-
less extraction 50c;plate6 $5 up;phone Polk 1133.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building: formerly In Murphy bldff.
VAN VROOM— "•Painless"; evenings and Sun-
• days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. a
YOUNG. 13 11 Polk et
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Cnll. IS pages, sent to any address In t»i*
United States or Canada .cne year for $1,
•»o«tare mM.
EDUCATIONAL
eTeThnTTI^HOOL. sTTr^BU^TNESS^^COL^
LEGE. 1236 Market St.: individual Instruction
.In bookkeeping, shorthand, E&gllsh branches;
civil service coaching; tuitlon»$3 month.
I ALL students but two taking full course this
I year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market fit
! AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
j and evening; $3 per month: *50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses: telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; posi-
tions secured for graduates: catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, experj court reporter, teacher of
ehorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course. $30: catalogue.
HKALD'R BUSINESS COLLKGE, 24 Post %T7.
R. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing. lan-
puapes. telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO-pajre catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law nnd m«dlcal
coi>gcs; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Thelan building.
I CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
| tions, guaranteed to it by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence gunrantee
positions to all Its graduates. SOS Larkln st.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. : 40-43
Parrott bldg.: Individ. Instruction: catalogue.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beelnners; busitiss
college graduates; bookkeeping figures; short
time . TARR, exp. acct. 220 Parrott blrJij.
MINING school of II. Hlrschlne. 224 Kearny st.
open; day and eve. classes: chemistry, llxlva-
tlon. mineralogy, geology, coal oil formation.
ENGINEERING, civil, nice, mln!ng.mech..sur-
vcy, assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.: e«t. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL.. 533 Market.
PROF. MERKI. from Paris: violin, mandolin
guitar: experienced. 1008 Mission St. .
PIANO lessons given at low rates; harmony
and thorough bass nl»o taught. Box 15S8, Call.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: Oay or eve.; $0 mo.- 1T24 Mission, nr. 6th.
COACHING in high school mathematics a spe-
clalty; simple mcthodsj-Baccessftil.^ 3040 16th.
ILLUSTRATION — PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The 'Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
FLATS TO LEST.
TO LET— New flats on Buchanan «t, between
McAllister and Oolden Gate ave.: B and'S
rooma and bath; all the latest Improvements.
Apply O. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO LET-Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 1002
McAllister it. Apply G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
14 Montgomery nt '.
WALNUT, 305— Elegant: modern: 8 rooms and
. bath : low rent. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667
Market st -
VERY fine flat. 7 rooms. 2524 Mission st. be-
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
$10 50. WATER free— 3 sunny rooms and yard.
137 Ivy ave., corner Van Ness, near Hayes st
$23— NEW upper fiat; 6 rooms and bath. Xorth-
. west corner Turk and Pierce sts. ,
$11 — NEW. 4-room flat: cellar: water free. 20
Sumner st.. off Howard, near KIghth.
furniture: for sale.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $48 CO. with No. 1
range. King Furniture Co.; 1127-1131 Market.
FOR sale — Carpets, furniture and gas stove.
Inquire 1529 Clay st. Friday, 2 to 4.
FCllXITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer— L.VIncent.1305 Larkin; tel. Polk «94;
furniture ft furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets.
etc.. see W. E. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3333.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
pianos, etc. 113T. Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red M54.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE,
AT~c7Ri'~HANSEN & CO.. ...104 GEARY ST
HOTEL DEPARTMENT j
2 waitresses. Santa Monica $20, free fare
3 waitresses. Fresno $20, fare advanced
1 waitress, north $20. fare advanced
4 waitresses, Coronado beach. $20, one half- fare
2 waitresses, Sacrarhento $23
Waitress, country school; also Institution, $20
Chambermaid, straight work, San Jose $20
Chambermaid, Del Monte $20, free fare
¦ • CITT ORDERS.
6 waitresses; hotels, J20; 6 waitresses, restau-
rants. $7.
4 chambermaids, straight work, $17 50.
3 head waitresses, $2.5.
Cook, small Institution, city. $30.
Scrubber, day work. $1 a day.
Woman to assist in delicatessen store, $20.
Mother and daughter, cook and helper, $40.
%Flannel Ironer, hotel laundry, $25.
Ironer, ladies' clothes, $32 £0.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, houspglrls, second Rlrla, nursegirls,.
etc.; city and country: wages $13 to $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A SPECIAL. '"
Six waitresses; new hotel; short distance.
Start Monday; fare advanced ($20).
Steady summer and winter; only 3 chairs.
Fine chance. Call at
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
MRS. M. E. DAT & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses, game first-class hotel. $20; 7
waitresses for different country hotels. $20; 4
waitresses, city, $20; 2 restaurant waitresses. '
$6 and $7 week; lun-h waitress, $3. no Sun-
day work; 3 chambermaids to wajt, $20;
chambermaid, $18; woman cook, small board-
lns-hcuse, ?30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2«housegirls, $25; cook and second girl. $45;
for small American family, young upstairs
• girl who can do plain sewing, $13, - no wait-
ing; 6 housegirls, $20; 4 young girls, $15.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
NEAT young girl to assist. $10 to $12; good!
cook for family of 3, general housework, no
children, $30; 2 girls at $23, nice place, cook
and dining-room work. CAL. EMP. AGENCY,
59 Third st; phone Red 31. !
WANTED— Boarders ut cost of living at the
Co-operutive Home, No. 2, at 645 Folsom st. ;
terms $2 50 per week, room and board; only
self-respecting, self-supporting, nmall-salaried
girls need apply. Address MISS FLORA
BOLLINGER, manaaer, 645 Folaom St., tele-
phone Black 1736. ,
YOUNG woman or girl to assist elderly lady;
light housework; family 2 male adults; easy
place for right person; good home; $12. Box
1S72. Call office.
EXPERIENCED operator for children's hats,
caps, eunbonnets and waists. BAUER BROS.
& CO., 21 Sansome st.
¦WANTED — Saleslady who understands stamp-
Ing and embroidering; state salary expected.
Apply box 1S78. this office.
INTELLIGENT lady wanted to represent oil
company. W. J. MORGAN, CS Market St.,
•bet. 10 and 11 a. m.
"WANTED— Experienced girl for general house-
work; wages $25; must have references. 13
Scott at.
GIRL wanted for general housework: must be
good plain cook. Apply 9 to 12 Friday at 405
Hayes Bt.
WANTED— Experienced tales ladies in rib-
bons, hosiery and knit underwear. Box 1ES1,
Call office.
WANTED— Young woman to attend invalid
lady and do light housework: sleep home.
Call l>efore 12 noon 46 O'Farrell st. room 10.
A— LADY to manage rooming-house on Turk
st. DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 830 Market.
WOMAN or girl to mind baby; good home for
right party. . 503 Natoma st, near Sixth.
SKIRT hand and Improver. 77 Carmellta, near
Wallpr, bet. Scott and Pierce.
WANTED— Girl to assist -with light house-
work; references. 232 Devlsadero st
A GIRL for light housework and plain cooking:
references. 960 Harrison Bt.
A NEAT girl for up3talrs work; wages $13;
references. 11S0 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Cashier for restaurant: must have
experience and refertnee. Box IS79, Call.
WANTEIVA waitress. 518 Kearny st
WANTED— An experienced waitress for restau-
rant. 1330 Market st.
GOOD cook and manager for private family;
wages $30. CATTELLS. C25 Sth st.. Oakland.
YOUNG girl for light housework: sleep home;
wages $8. 6 Bond St., off Mission, near 12th.
WANTED— A few experienced operators and a
limited number for instruction. Standard
Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Trimmers, makers and salesladies
for millinery: state experience and salary ex-
pected. Apply box 1843, Call office.
WANTED-Nurse girl for child two years old;
ptate references, wages wanted. Box 1834,
Call office. .
APPRENTICES In millinery store at 692 McAl-
llster st.
WANTED— Button sewers at Levl Strauss &
Co.'s. 3S& Fremont st.
WANTED — A girl f»r general housework;
wages $25. ' Apply »14 Devlsadero st.
WANTED — Good experienced vesimaker .and
apprentice; cood pay. 52S Stevenson, rm. 6.
COOD finisher and apprentice girls on custom
coats; paid. 12G Russ st.
MILLINERY trimmer wanted at 1323 Stockton
street "
WANTED— Improvers on skirts. FRANCIS,
79C Sutter st ,
WANTED — Tounpr- girl for light housework.
FRANCIS. 7% Sutter st.
WANTED— Young lady as salesgirl and book-
keeper. Address box 1S36. Call.
WANTED — Lady about 30 for commercial posi-
tion: salary and expenses. Box 1S30, ¦ Call.
GIRL to assist In housework; wages $10 to $12.
1716 Post st. : . ¦
OPERATORS on ladies' underwear to work
In factory. 723 Market St.. room 85. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FHlmore tt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Vnlencln st ¦ - '
Help wantujd — male.
A— WANTED— • "~~~~
Office boy for this offleo; J3 a week. W. D.
EWER &.CO., 610 Clay et.
A— WANTED—
Plain carpenter for mine, $2 30 day; Bcandma-
• vian choreman and wife. J-SO; 2 milkers, near
city. '?S0 and $25; second hand baker, shop
nenr city. $3T» and found: pruners for vineyard I
and orchard. $26 and board; ccoks. waiters
and others. W. P. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
10 QUARRYMEN. $1 75 to $2 per day; common
laborers. $1 75; teamuters. $1 23 per day and
bosrd; four-horse teamsters, $30 per month;
tiemakers. Rood Job; boy as second porter for
hotel, small wages to start. Cal. Emp.
Agency, -59 Third St.; phone Red 31. •
FIRST-CLASS hotel steward; $50 and increase
MRS. M. E. PAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
JOURNEYMAN-Barbers' International Union—
Free employment: only recognized union. 115
L Turk; tel. Folsom 1SS3. I. LESS. Secretary.
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
Remember, no barroom chairs used in this
college.
TEAMSTERS; wages $1 per day. City Street
Impro-vemerit Company. Seventeenth and Har-
rison sts. -
WANTED— Young man for clerical work; state
age. experience and salary expected. Apply
box 1S77. Call.
WANTED- Men to drive -teams; steady work.
Apply early to GRAY. BROS.' stables. Seven-
4 teenth st, near Guerrero.
HELP WASTED MALE. ; '~
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary »t.
...New R. R. Work for Nevada and Cal...
100 teamsters. Nevada Free, fare
Tunnelmen. Los Angeles County Free fare
MISCELLANEOUS .*
4 mlllwrlehts, country, H a day
See party here
Farmer and do blacksmlthlns. J35 and found:
2 Swiss milkers. J30; hostler, country. *30
and found: 2 hcstlera. city. SiO: cabinetmaker.
city; 3 teamsters", city. « 75 to tS a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waffleman, country hotel, free fare, $40; head
bellman. $33; bellboys, waiters. $10. J20. $23.
$30; cook and wife ro do housework, private
family, country, $45, see party here fhis a.
m.: night watchman and elevator roan. IM;
2 broilers, JGO and J50; second cook, country
hotel, $45; cake baker, $50: cook and dish-
washer, country hotel. $70; Ironer and starch-
er. country laundry. Sir a week; middle-aged
man to tend counter. $20 and found
C. R. HAJv'SEN & CO W Geary St.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main *S4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
2 carpenters, rough work, city $2 50 day
8 young men. factory work $1 SO day'
1 4 teamsters, city $175. $1 day and board
Hostlers and stablemen $50 and $43
Buttermaker and milker, Sonoma Co $30
4 milkers 3 choremen and boys
Choreman. Institution $20
6 farm hands. 3 gardeners $25 and $30
Woodchoppers. tiemakers, tools furnished....
Man and wife, private family
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
A— CHEF cook, country. JSP. see boss here
4 restaurant cooks. 6 hotel cooks
$10 and $12 week. $40 to 550 and found
2 waiters, country 'hotels $30 and $25
Cook, few men. dredger $25
MURRAY' & READY 634-636 Clay St.
TEAMSTERS wanted. Apply 527 Fourteenth
street. _^
TEAMSTERS: $2 per day; pay In cash. Apply
57 Eighth St., near Mission.
GENTLEMAN* of- good address for law work;
etate how last employed. Box 1S58, Call.
"WANTED— Bedmaker at 1306 Kentucky st,
Potrero.
DISHWASHER wanted. 204 Sixth St.
BOY 15 or 16 years old to work In fruit store;
good wages. Apply Stanyan and Haight ats.
WANTED- Good teamsters. Apply to 2030
RESPECTABLE German-speaklngr boy wanted
for this office. Ahlbarn House. S21 Grant ave.
WANTED — A young, steady man to work In
kitchen: 18 Eddy st.
WANTED— Man for nursery work and Job-
bing gardening. Call 500 Haight st.
WANTED — Good. flr3t-class dinner waiter at
304 Mason st. : wages $3.50 a week.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 23c
to EOc £62 Mission st.. bat 1st and 2J sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
8. Navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and £5; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over S feet
1 Inch In height: able to read. wrlt» and
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting- Office. 40 ElUs I
St.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — A thoroughly experienced buyer
and salesman In furniture and carpets; state
references, where last employed, salary ex-
pected and age; applications will not be con-
sidered which do not contain this Information
complete. Address R K. B.. box 1S37. Call.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
the barber trade In two months, saving- two
years: mailed free; we have no oc shop tn
connection with our college. Molsr'a Barber
College. «35 Clay st.
BARBER8, Notice— All shops will close on Fri-
day, Feb. 22. at 12 o'clock noon. Legal holi-
day. I. LESS. Sec. Jour. Barbers' Union 14S.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths and green hands
for whaling cruise on steamer. HERMAN'S.
26 Steuart st.
MESSENGER boy; apply in own handwriting:
state age and give references. P. O. box S04S.
: WOMAN wants man as working partner, game
business. SO Hannah St.. Watts tract. Oakl'd.
WANTED— An elderly, reliable man to do gai-
denlng and care for two horses: must .furnihh
reference; good home; German preferred. Box
ISIS. Call office. I
BEST chance for boy 15 to IS years old to
learn a good trade. Inquire basement 215
Grant ave, 10 to 12.
TAILORS— Ladles' tailor wanted for country: >
must be first class and rapid. Apply at I
STEIN. SIMOX & CO.'S. Market and Second. |
WANTED— 10) men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and j
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st. j
TWO-CHAIR barbershop for sale cheap. Call 1
immediately. 394 Sixth st |
S-CHAIR furnished barber shop for rent; rent
$12. 1633 Turk ft.
PHOTOGRAPHER, good view artist, wanted:
one experienced under skylight preferred.
Address Modern View and Portrait Co.,
Oakland. \ |
TO TEAMSTERS, steady work. $1" 73 and $2 per
day. Apply 212 Ninth st.
BRIGHT men of good address: money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
9 a. m. at 202 Post st.
ALL sizes men'* shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — A irentlemati to interview selected
Individuals with a view to securing their In-
terest In Japanese art: artists with leisure
preferred. S Market st. room 5.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 159 large
rooms: 25c per night: *1 to K per week.
IMMEDIATELY: three young men of good ad-
dress for city and country work: liberal sal-
ary- Call 59 Colnmbian building, city.
SAILORS, blacksmith, sen men * green hands;
• 11 parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2fi Steuart
PKNSIONS— J. H. Shepard * Co.. old reliable
firm. SC6 Market, room 4ft. Phelan bulldlnr.
WINCHESTER Ho'ij*. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 7C0 rooms, 25c nlghtr read In*- rooms; free
'bus and b*»e*age to and from terry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A PHANCH office for Call advertisements *mt
subscrlntlons fcas been established at 10M
Vpt».-»-1» «f.
. HORSES A>D WAGOXS.
HANDSOME matched team of carriage horses:
7 and 9 years old: sound and In excellent
condition; well broken to single and double
harness. DAVIDSON & LEIGH. CO Mont-
gomery st.
40 HORSES for sale: also waeons. bugvles, ,
c<»rt«i, harness. Grand Arcade Hor«» MarKet.
1 327 F'xth st. ; auctton sale* every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR Sale— At ECLIPSE STABLE. 1373 Eddy
! st.. 3 ro«d hor«»s, 1 road team. 1 bny carriage
horse. 17 hands; alsj wagon and business
horses. — •
S. F. VETERINARY College will comm-nce: its
.Id s»ss'on June 10. Catalogue bv implying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave. •
A NEW pneumatic-tired road buggy. DR. L.
KRAKER. veterinary dentist. 161 Golden
Gate ave.. corner L»av*nworth st.
BIG bargain: horse, harness and wagon, 3300
capacity, for $123. 263 Tehama st.
MUST sell — Pair bl»ck horses: will seperate;
single or double. 24 Golden Gate ave.
THREE fast road horses; also some good
business horses, at 711 Howard st.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness: wasrons.
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 exoress wagon, single, alsn light
camping wagon, for sal* cheap. 5^2 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. \t pages, sent to aijy address In the
United Statea or Canada one year for $1.
p^stwr" pwld. ¦" . - ¦
HOUSES TO LET.
A^pluNTET^^T^'Houies to let -end for cir-
cular. G. H. UMRSKN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1932. near Lnguna— Eight rooms,
bnth. Iniindrv; roxrtn* view: rent JU".
HOUSES* WATTED.
,.^^ ru ,; ; n . L^ ,_ L 1
WANTED— By responsible party, unfumlshe.1 j
house of 10 tn 15 rooms, south of Market st. :
Box 1S.V.. Call. j
»!OIT«irc CLKAMXO. !
JAPANESE Houso Cleaning Co.. estab. 1S30;
removed to 419 Devlsadern st.. te|. Fell 13&.
INVALID FUnXITURE.
INVALID furniture and appliances; sale or rent;
F. OOODRAN. Ill" Van Ne«« wre.. nr. Post st"
LOS , r AX1> 4TOU.N1J. •
LOST— On Friday afternoon. Feb. 13. In ladles'
parlor, dark green purse containing $12 In
coin, also one go'.d watch and fob chain with
gold heart on chain; watch ta marked on
front side "'L. Rau"; also contained receipts
and cards with name. Return to information
Bureau. EMPORIUM AND G. R. B.. and re"
celve a liberal reward. ,
LOST. .On Market-st. car. Saturday evening
February 1«. lady's hand satchel containing
purse marked Alice Martin and manicure set
marked A. K. M.; finder rewarded Address
J. L. MARTIN. Senate Chamber? Sacramento.
LOST— Wednesday evening. goM tablet attach-
ment to chatelaine; Initials M. F. on outside
Liberal reward If returned tn MRS ed fit
2030 Scott St.. S. F. r
8AX FRANCISCO CALL,
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Fraarfseo
Call, corner of Market and Thlrfl streets; open
ttatn 12 o'clock every eight In the year.
ERAXCH OFFICES— C3 Montgomery street.
Corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
100 Hayes ctreet: open until >:39 p. m.
CSX McAllister fetreet; open until 9:30 p. TH-
US Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S<1 Mission street; open until ID p. m.
EX1 Market ctreet, corner Sixteenth; open
ertn 9 p. m.
3CS Eleventh street: open until 9 p. tn-
JfifS Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwtf.t comer Twenty-second and Ken-
?cclrr street*; open until 8 p. m.
MISRTIXCS .\OT1CKS.
CAN FRANCISCO <"V,nsiFtory pw»]
No. l, A. ana A.. Scottish Rite I 1| _,
cf Freemasonry — You are jH J Hi— IB
commanded to assemble at SSJ>7'i^*»S'
Oomn-.andeT Hall. Masonic Ip 5^ Ht^tII
Temple, on FRIDAY. Febru- *¦" { a] ~ i
bo" 2". DM. at 1 o'clock p. m.. IfiSaJl
to tak» part in the funeral ob- - "*
feq-jies of r-ur late brother,
treat rnnny h-aek.
HENRY ni'UNTCR. Registrar.
CALIFORNIA OcmmaniJery No. 1. IC.
T.. S Post st— Regular assembly THIb 'fiBp
<FUIT)AY> EVENING, at 7:20 o'clock. JfJ
Order of the Temple. All fratcrs cor- \jrt
diallr Invited. Hy order of tiie Com-
manier. HIRAM T. GRAVES, Kecorder.
OCCIDENTAL Loflge No. 21, F. and A. m
M. will meet THIS DAY (FRIDAY).
at I o-ciock. to attend the fun»ral of TLJC
our late brother. TRKAT PERRT'V^
CLATUv. M«rt»r Masons are Invited. I?y or-
der of the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
AmLLA Loipe No. 113. I. O. O. F. v£^t«EV%
—Initiation THIS (FRIDAY) *|2?25£5
NIGHT. Tr-b. CI. S o'clock. Memo-
Hal Hall. Member? an4 visitors ' '-"^
cordially Invited. CHAP. K. PERRY. N. G.
W. F. NORCBOSS, Hoc. Sec^
CLAN FRASER No. 7S, Order of » «jr n^
Pcottirh C'.ar.r. mW s!ve its tenth 5\ Vfi^Vv
snnusl encert and social dance at *fr>.3»jL*
F'-oTtlsh Hall. HI Lnrkin st.. on the - /I *
evening cf Washing-ton's birthday, FRIDAY,
February £. at 8 o'clock. Rev. William
KiidT will delivrr an address, subject. "The
American Scot." So'cists. Mrs. Eva Tenny,
Mrs. M. McGlad*. Mr Hobert Lloyd and
ITr. AUred Wi'.kie. ACmission Kc-
WM. RAE. Chier.
WM. CORMACK. Secretary.
CAN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS. K. >«r-w
O. T. M-— nevievr THIS (FRIDAT) jS§—^Sra
EVKXtNO at S o'clock. Pioneer BZj >J fj^S
Ha'.!. :i Fcurth ft. V-SL^'ilif
IL H. CASTLE. V-jCfSJ/
Record Keeper. " • -"'"
B. A. It. banquet at the Merchants' Club FRI-
DAY HVKNING. February 22. at S o'clock
Fharp. Compatriot!-, please take notice.
WILLIAM H. JORDAN, President.
KD. DONNKLL. Secretary. ,
ANNUAL Meeting — Th" regular annual meet-
tr.s 1 cf tht* stockholders of the Honolulu
Plantation Company will he held at the of-
ftc« of the company. 317 Market st.. San
F'-arciscc. Cal.. on WEDNESDAY. February
rr. JS01. at the hour cf 11 o'clock a. m.. for j.
the purpcre of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the trans- .-
Hctl^n of Fuch other business as may come !
before the meeting. Transfer books will clo^e
on Saturday, February l«. IS01. at II
*.V!ock m. E. H. PHKLDON. Secretary.
AGEXTS WASTED.
THE Rio Michol Rubber Company cf San
Francisco. Cal.. wants Intelligent men to act
af it? atents throughout the United States;
r-'.ift bc men or character, address and push.
The company owns large properties. Is out of
<lf-Lt end la a thoroughly sound and flourish-
lr.K condition. It has a considerable acreage
nlready planted to rubber and has a large
force of iren constantly at work. It offers
for sale a limited n-.miber of Interest hearing
nnd ir.Fta'.!m«nt certificate. A comparatively
¦ Ti'il amr.ur.t investeJ now will produce large i
BTii Kt»a<1i!v increasing income in near future.
The roigotatton invit"* closest Investigation. !
>p»nts an 1 ) interested persons apply Rio Ml- |
«-*iol Rubber Co.. r. 03-C5. Crocker bldg.. S. F.
WANTKD— Aper.ts in "very county in the SUte
ft C«!.. Nevada. & Orep-in: fii-pt-cla=s goo<ls
guaranteed. For r.irtlculars address G. W.
ZIXN ft CO.. 1513 »J Ft.. Sacramento. Cal.
AGl'NTS wanted thrCBshoot the State to sell j
¦hares on comn-.isFi^n. Address, with refer-
ences, THE AKGYLT3 OIL COMPANY. 503
California M.. room 30?. S. F.
WANTED— Live arrant for San Francisco and
ooa.«t towns. PACIFIC COAST M. & L. CO.,
46-t Ninth rt.. Oakland. Cal.
AGEXTS— Authentic * Life r,f Queen Victoria";
K»ft b-x)k ar.d tcrmc: handsome outfit, 10c.
R. R. Patterson. 429 Montgomery st.. S. F.
SMALLPOX— Wanted at Fresno, health & ac-
cident r.gt. F. A. Ptearr.s, «th fir.. Mills bldg.
WANTED— Good countrj- solicitors. Monterey
Ontrr.l Oil Co., room 40S. Examiner building.
SOLiriTOP.S wanted: g-tod pay; permanent. !
ArPly 12 to 1. room 313. Parrott building. I
AGENT in every town For "Life of Queen Vic- !
toria " Cn). Pub. Co . 1C7 Market, r. 70S. S. F. j
ATTORNEYS AT I^AW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
ro fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE. Rtty at law. JO) Market, cor. Stockton.
J. H. MCKNIGHT. ocll»ctlor.s: damapea: es-
ta:»y: rrining; open ev»>n. i£>2 Psrrctt bldg.
PKAVK V,\ SMITH, mlninr and probate law a
«r-e^alty. Mills Mg.. r. 3. 4th fir.: tel. Red 361 S. I
AI>VICE free; no chr»rire unless successful W
W. PAVIDSON. ?Z7 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L T CLaHIC. Emma. Spreckel* bldr.. 927 Mar- J
krt st.: corsu'trtlr-n free: r.o fees In advance, j
ASI'IIALTUM ROOKIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
T>r1re«i: ro»«»l. ¦JTSt Mission: tel. Fo1«om 1607.
BtSISTESS CIIAKCCS. ~
PARTNER wanted !n a large, old-established
profitable business, controlling a good, safe.
fcIM and reliable trade; trains to retirement
cf former manager owner has decided to sell
an Interest to an acceptable party; duties
vlll be the keeping of accounts and assist-
ing renerally In tb2 management of the busi-
ness; cne accustomed to horses preferred;
capital required SZCM to S10.000; full value In
B'Fht; books and business open for Investiga-
tion. J. W. Donnelly k Co.. C3? Market Et.
A-*:::.; BRANCH bakery and variety store: 5
rromy. Mclaughlin, ttt^ Market st.
5200 — CIGAR store: transfer corner: good trade-
rent no. Mclaughlin, 7774 Market st.
ttrsfr-TinSTAURANT: <ity front: will sacrifice,
having 2 places. MCLAUGHLIN. 777^ Mkt.
A— m;; RESTAURANT; irood place for man
and wife: a snap. McLAUGHLIN. 777U Mkt,
$l"-f— SALOON near Market: 2 rooms: bargain
- this day. McLAUGHLIN ft CO.. 777^4 Market.
CAPITAL procured for all legitimate enter-
rnyes; stock companies incorporated in any
Ptate: partnerships and loans negotiated:
business places of all kinds bought, sold nnd
exchanged by HERBERT & CO.. room 7ie.
Emma ?preckels building. 927 Market st.
MONEY saved to buyers; fine openings In gro-
ceries, fcloons. cigar stores, hotels end oth^r
businesses ; Investigate.
O. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phcne Mint 1S11. ?1T Market, bet. 5th & Cth.
tr™ DOTVH buys one of the best fitted, cen-
trclly located restaurants In the city. DON-
ALD INVESTMENT CO., O Market Bt.;
tel. Davis 2E1.
FINE established restaurant: Eddy ct. ; close
to Market: cost S700 tc fit up; bargain; $450
National Real Estate Exchange. 3 Eddy st,
FOR Rent— Unfurnished; first class: Union
Hotel in Sonoma City: renovated from cel-
Irt to «rarret. Particulars inquire ALBERT
VI.SSEL. 214 California St.. S. F.. or 1474
Ninth St.. corner Chester, Oakland.
r>RUO store, 8 miles from Ran Francisco-
clears tl'«< per month: jeryvj; good stock For
particular* aidresa MR. MULLEN, care Red-
lmtrtr-n & Co.
FOR Mle-Small photo gallery across the bav
good rlae. for la^y; piano taken part pay-
_rnrnt._P,ox 1SJ2. Call office.
pn-r-ORXEP. rlpar stani n?ar Market st -
sickness compels sale. Box JS71. Call office.
WANTED -Saloon and lunchhouse~doxvntown-
no aeems. Address box 1K37. Call office.
COOU-PAYING restaurant; owneT leavinir '
cf.y. Add. <f27 Grove ft., nr. 4Cth. Oakland! j
T*> Let— Large store; plenty of basem-nt roonv '
irood chance for bakery and restaurant-
own" willing to hela build an oven. Apply
W> NTED— Par-tie.-: to ;o!a a CO. now taking
Oovenmunt claims for hotne?tead * oil; sol!
tht bcft; plenty cf water for Irritation. Roch-
'la'.e I.«nd &¦ Oil Co.. Zi Montgomery st..- r. 22.
t' 0^ — CORNER RTOcery and bar; good l>usinefl«-
larre rtf.cl;: fine fixtures; cause sickness Ad-
iJvmi box 723, Call office.
k"ILL rent 14 rooms o«d sell the furniture for
*~r.; JT5 per month rent. 417 Harrison »t.
WANTED— To buy or lease, a suitable place
•<-r laundry. IV"t l!-5. Call office.
i:'"»T7Tn for sale: 430 papers- en the Chronicle.
Ir.nulrs? ot F2S Union et.
. __
KESTAURANT for sale: price low. Steuart
et.. 6 doors south of Market.
OLD established corner liquor Btore; well lo-
cated; doing good business : sickness cause of
selling, roi 1827, Call office. •
CANDY and stationery etcre. stock and fix-
tures for tile cheap: no a^e&U. £05 rolls, st.
¦ • • .-
t| Qcildstein & Go.
f ¦•'. <INCO«KM1TCB.'
eostumers. Decorators and theatrical Supplies
733 MARKET STREET
r San Francuro, Cal . \/^O / V k 2-v / (y ii /
y
¦ ' jMAMMOTH ORE VEIN
SEVENTY MILES I*ONQ
Great Mineral Belt Discovered on the
Northern Half of Colvilla
Reservation.
TACOMA, Fsb. 21.— A mammoth vein of
ore seventy miles In length has been
found In Stevens County, on the north
half of the Colvllle_Indlan reservation. It
is claimed to be a true fissure vein, with
Innumerable chutes of rich ore coming to
the surface at frequent Intervals. In some
places this mineral belt reaches a width
of several miles. Several mines are now
being developed on the ore zone, includ
ing the Deer Trail mine at the south and
the Mateline at the north end. It was un
known until recently that one continuous
vein connected these properties. A rush
for good locations along the vein is on.
Mine Sells for a Million.
TACOMA, Feb. 21.— M. E. Downs, who
owns a majority of the stock in the
Ethel gold mine, near Index, on the
Great Northern Railway, is reported from
New York to have sold the mine to New
York men for Jl.000,000. The deal is re
garded as the. most important mining
transaction in years in the Noruiwest.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eight.
SAVINGS BANKS.
German — 1850 Sav & Loan...— —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — lUnion Trust... — —
S F Sav U....512H — I
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
' Callfornla-st ..135 140 |O S L & H... 40 —
Geary-st i'M — Presidio IS —
Market-st 69 69^1
POWDER STOCKS.
California 150 — IVlgorlt — 3%
Giant Con 83 84 |
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... &% 9 Kilauea — • 23%
Haw Com S4 86 Makaweli 44 45
Honokaa. ;. 32^4 33 Onomea 29 —
Hutch S P 26}s — Paauhau 23% —
MISCELLANEOUS* STOCKS.
Alaska P A... — 125',4 Oceanic SS Co. 60 65
Cal Fruit Can. — 105 Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co.155 —
Mer Ex Assn..lO2& — Parff Paint Co 12Vi —
-Morning Session.
Board—
40 Alaska Packers' Association 125 23
10 Contra Costa Water 63 50
CO Equitable Gas 3 25
10 Giant Powder Co« 84 00
25 Hana Plantation Co 8 62^4
100 Honokaa S Co ...33 00
200 Honokaa S Co 32 75
100 Hutchinson S P Co 26 37}$
25 Iftitchlnson S P Co 26 23
45 Makaweli 43 50
10 Market-st Railway 63 50 -
15 Oakland Gas 50 00
40 Oceanic S S Co 79 CO
• 10 Oceanic S S Co 79 00
23 Oceanic S S Co 78 23
25 Oceanic S S Co 77 &0
10 Oceanic S S Co 75 00
10 Oceanic S S Co K 75 50
30 Oceanic S S Co 74 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 72 50
30 Oceanic S S Co.... 67 00
620 Paauhau S P Co/......*......-. 34 00
250 S V Water 94 CO
100 Vlgorlt . Powder 3 50
51,000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s, buyer 5... 103 50
$1,000 Market-st Ry Co con 5 per cents... 124 00
$5,000 Oceanic S S bonds 107 23
$1,000 S P of A bonds 112 25
$1,000 S V 4 per cent bonds (2d mtse)...104 23
$2,000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge)...lt)3 25
Street—
23 Honokaa S Co 33 37^
55 Paciflo Gas Improvement 45 23
50 S F Gas and. Electric....'. 4S 75
$5,000 Oakland Transit Co 6 per cents. ...116 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— , ¦
10 California Wine Association 100 00
25 Giant Powder Con 83 50
20 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar.. S2 60
15 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar.. $2 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar.. 81 50 .
S Hawaiian Commercla land Sugar.. S3 00
SO Honokaa 8 Co 32 73
3C0 Honokaa S Co 32 50
150 Honokaa S Oo 32 25
225 Honokaa S Co 32 37tJ
75 Kilauea Sugar P Co 23 CO
20 Makaweli 43 $7^4
140 Makaweli .- 44 00
5 Markot-st Railway 69 50
20 Oceanic S S Co K 00
40 Oceanic S Co C2 50
15 Oceanic S S Co 62 00
53 Oceanic S S Co 61 00
230 Oceanic S S Co 60 00
25-Oceantc S S Co 59 50
60 Paauhau S P Co 33 75
43 Paauhau S P Co.. 33 30
125 Paauhau S P Co 33 37"^
307 S V Water .93 25
11 S F Gas and Electric Co 4$ 73
$1,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5 per cents.105 23
$5,000 Los Angeles-PaclUc. R R bonds. ...102 00
$1,000 Market-Bt Ry 1st con 5 per cents.. 124 00
Street—
30 Bank of California.. ". .410 50
J1.0OO S V 4 per cent bonds (2d mtge) 104 23
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 El Dorado 1 05
1500 Four Oil Co, s 30 M
£00 Gold Dollar 50
1 Hanford ill 00
2 Hanford 110 00
5 Hanford 107 00
¦ BOO Hanford-Fresno-K»rn River ¦ 23
5 Home Oil 4 33
270 Kern Oil Co 10 73
ISO Monarch of Arizona 69
100 Occidental of W Va.../ 68
1000 Occidental of W Va 63
100 Occidental of W Va 64
600 Oil City Petroleum 32.
DO Peerless 8 50
200 Petroleum Center 17
ISO Reed Crude Oil Co 64
50 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 12 37>£
Street— '
1400 Four OH Co 59
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
¦ Board —
200 Monarch of Arizona 70
BOO Monarch of Arizona, b 30 69 «
! Afternoon Session.
Board —
500 Caribou, s 30... 74
200 Lion Oil Co 21
300 Monarch of Arizona 6S
2100 Petroleum Center 17 ,
' MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cl^co Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
150 Andes ..."... 06)600 Ophir 78
50 Caledonia ....... 70|50O Overman 12
BOO Con Cal & Va..l 70 200 Sierra. Nevada.. 31
200 Con Cal & Va..l 75|100 Sierra Nevada.. 32
500 Occidental i ; 07 400 Union Con "25
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha M| 200 Con Cal &aVa..l 73
100 Alpha 04 ICO Crown Point 13
200 Caledonia 71|1<V( Mexican :.. 22
500 Challenge 20 ICO Silver Hill 44
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange ycEterday: . ¦
Mornlne Session.
400 Best & Belcher 25 300 Ophlr ....... 79
200 C C & Va 1 70 iOO Sierra Nevada. 32
200 C C & VO...V.1 72VA 400 Union Con it
: 200 Occidental 07 300 Utah 07
ACternoon Session. .
100 Caledonia It- 200 Mexican ....... 23
100 C C & Va....l 72\i! 300 Ophlr 79
200 Gould & Curry. :25>i 500 Sierra Nevada. 33
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Feb. 21—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ¦ Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Justice 05 07
Alta 02 C3 Xentuck 01 C2
Andes'.'. C3 OTjLady Wash.... 01 tit
Belcher . ....... -16 17>;vlpxlcan 22 23
Best &. Belcher 13 26 Occidental 05 Ofi
Bullion- 02 0.1 Ophlr 77 7S
Caledonia ...... 73 75 Overman - 13 13
Challenge Con.. 19 20 Potosl 13 18
Chollar ..*.:.... PS 09 Savage 13 15
Confldence 72 75 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 70 1 75 Peg Belcher 01 03
Con Imperial...' 01 K Sierra. Nevada. 32 33
Oon New York. 01 03 Silver Hill 44 .45
Crown Point... 12 <14lSt Louis ; C5 1*)
Eureka Con.... 00 — (Standard .......4 M 4 W
Exchequer 01 02iSyndicate — 09
Oould tc Curry.- 2S 2.i|Unlon Con..... 23 28
Hale & Norcrs. 17 19 (Utah -; C(! 07
Julia — 02lVellow Jacket.. 25 27
THE SAN FRANCISCp CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1901.
11
MUSICAL IXSTRCMEXTS. i
A BIO HABGAIN L1ST.""~™""~ s (
J475 Ceaover for J290
UZQ Standard for 285
- I4uO Ourlai tor 2?0
J"^D Curtaz for 265
VM Sterling for 235
JKOO Wellington for 215
BebMbBAfcr, $]<*; WeMey & Co.. $175; Slier- ,
¦wood * Sons. Jl€5; Gable;-. $150; Haines Bros.. |
JH0; Haliitt & Darts, ill'.,; Chlckering «quaxe. j
j-r, geme are new. some serond-hand. all In
the S.ie.'t condition. Easy payments or for
cub. BEXX. CL'KTAZ & EON. 16 O'Farreil
et.. Cl-.n kTing agency. Also the "Apollo." .
eelf-ytoyer. tfetet and best. J
ANY jT»' lin having use for a piano can b« ac-
corr.ir.odatea at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
eafiesi i>ayment», lowed prices and most re- I
• liable n-skers to choose from. Each the best 1
of tht.r grade, from Sfjnway down. Priv-
ilege (.:¦••'; to exchange medium and low
rr:< fd r>:anos for u. neu- Stelnway any tlm*
within three years from date of purchase, i
Beautiful new uprights fold for JS cash and <
16 per month. We offer to sell some good i
pianos for $3. $4 and S3 per month. SHER- i
MAN. CLAY A- CO.. Btelnway dealers, cor-
r.r-T Kearny and Sutter *ts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway end Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land. i ,
ABSOLUTELY the oldeFt and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 16.
rs end 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
e'I ether mu«lcal Instruments of all grades <
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every- <
thing rosslble done to please and satisfy tb« ]
customer. 1
FINE standard uprlr-t riano; must b«eacrl-
ficM in 5 days; leaving city. 324 Golden Gate. ,
Vv'ANTEii— Seconfl-hand piano cheap for cash; :
I no dealers. Box I860. Call office.
WHY fwcond-hard piano? UM will buy new :
one. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood building.
"VVANTKl)— Five good square pianos for coun-
try fchoo'.y. BYRON MAUZY. SOS Post ft.
HIGH-GRADE riano*; Fteck. Hardman. Con-
o\-er and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be *ol<J; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister ft., next Hib. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HOBNTXXO. 216 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Rohrr.er & Co.. BjTon
Mauzy\ Gabler ar.d Sr-ellman Pianos. 308 Post.
ON sale— SteJnT. ay upright. $200. 217 Geary St., i
rocm 2S. . I
FPHC1AL SALE— Immense reductions; see our (
U-afler. only __L BRUENN, 208 Poet st. ¦ |
AT KEEFFE'S, 933 Market «t.. 4 elegant up-
rifrfcu at your own price. Shoninger agency.
B~?T rent stock in city; new rianos. W per
month. prPTT-CURTAZ. £60 Hayfs st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Ml'LLER. rr,»k*>r. repairer. 2 Latham place.
OKFICKS AND STORES TO LET.
A FINE *-¦.;.:..*. for ccfff-! and lunch house; very
centrally located; near new City Hall. Apply
GEORGE W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 11 CITy
Hall equare.
CORNEIt etore— West corner Fourth and Berry
eti. ; occupied as proeery and bar for pait 30
year*: rent $20: water free. Apply to O. II.
PMBSEM & CO.. 14 Montgomery et.
SUTTEU. f?6— Offices cf late Dr. Bever'.y Cole;
furnished suitable for two physicians.
CHEAP, lleht crSces. Ecm Spreckels build-
inc. !>rr Marker Ft.
OIL.
JOFEPH B. TOPLITZ. 320 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited. !
A FEW men with capital to promote an oil
ecmpar.y: two wells; full Investigation. Box
1S~. Call off.ee.
OIL L AXD S FOR SALE.
OIL lands for sale — IS) acres positively proven
c!l land for rale in S. 24. T. 28. R. £7. Kern
Hiver district. J12:0 r*r acre; will sell In
TO-acre IMS and upward. Call cr address
A. K. PEP.CIVAL &. CO.. EI0 Nineteenth et..
Bakers field.
KKRN River: proven territory: line of R. R.
PAINTER!* AXO DECORATORS.
We.ll pap*r. window shades: rooms papered. 13
trp. Jenwn «¦ Bath. SOS Sixth: Ten evening*.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. Fclentiflc palmist. 515
Tcylor ft., bet. G-eary and Post: tel. Blark f*U
PATENTS AXD FE.VSIOXS.
AliVICE free: no charge uniess successful.
GEO. n. CAMPBELL. I^n— yer. Examiner blc.
PERSOXALS.
A RESPECTABLE iezuiecian wishes to meet
r-six>ctsLlAe lady; object, marriage. Box 1E42,
<"a!i office.
Y< iI'NG rr.ar. with business In country wishes
The acquaintance of young lady; object mat-
rimony. Bex IMS. Call office.
XJ^SQUEHAUE costume*, plav books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
<: o home oj.en for healthy boy or girl baby. !
JIr«. Dr. Pur.k<». 1416 Eighth ft.. Aiameda.
rUlVATE detective work; reasonable rat«-s; 10
jrars' experience. J. B. RAY, J&7 Jessie st.
A-H 50 DERBY and Fed era hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearey Bt.. near Pine.
KINE raits. tlO: <Sresr pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4S7 Mcr.teorr.ery st.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms;
ICc to Jl 50 per night; $1 M to tS per we«?k;
free 'bus and batrgage ta and from the ferry.
WHITE rnanM-l Iron beds, tingle, three-quarter I
cr dc-Jble. t! 15. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1U0-1212 Stockton «t.. near Broadway.
SPECIAL *ale. Jl port and sherry. €Sc Mon-
arch Wine AF'ncy, 1^5 Market: »er.d postal.
STRING ftyles Standard patterns now ready.
"Dcmertic" office. 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
MACHINE tureing. metal fplnr.tng. brass nn-
lthlng & models n^de. A. Graft. 10 Stevenson.
EUl'Er'.FLUOT.'S fcalr and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 111? Sutter st.
bit LAVOTTES French Cora Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: ell druggists.
AI.FKEDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hnlr to lt» natural color; Jl; at all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best In Amerlca-The Weekty
O'.l. 16 r-sf". fnt to any address In tin
fnlterl states or Canada one. year for Jl.
T>orta»r» r**"!.
rilYSlCIAAS AMI SURGEONS.
in. C. C. O'DONNELL^Oiflce and residence.
•.on'a Market «t.. between Elxth and Seventh.
DR. WONO HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all tilee3ses of the human body; set
t»Ft!rnr,ri'.Rls st nfliBP. 11S-117 Mason, nr. El'ls.
Itr.AI. ESTATE CITY FOR SALeT
ALL Genulre Bargains In this List.
Arr'y A. it 6PECK & CO.. C67 Market «t.
CliiO— 4 small flats: all rented for $30; ca?h.
JCSro— Two pplendiij ftatf; rented J23; near 6th.
trtOCC^Two swell Mission Hats; 5 rooms each
fjr<l Ftable: rents *?<>: mortgage $2300.
{iSf/^Xhree r.Ice flats; all rented; near Ntne-
Uetttb and Mission els.: pa>'-« 10 P*r cent.
j40ti>— Comer Eacramento, cast of Jones; rents
$40. -
j.V.03 O>m»r: 4?x3O feet, with good 10-roorn
fcf-jse; Hyde st.
|77r>(— «plen1ld Investment; near Van Ness
f\e.; rmt* fSI.
$:<:X.0-Bu?lneF» prorerty; Mnth it., near
Mission; rerts J«S.
tU.<K<i— Store and two strictly modern fiats
o' 7 and ? rnom*; north ct Market et.
J12.U-0— I-eavec worth tt.; rents $105; Jot E5-
fort front.
TM.OCO-Thre* elegant flats; rented for fI40;
eweir locality.
J2«.0OO— f»utt»r st.; grand corner; 87:8 feet
front: rente JlKS.
t35..0<!C— Mi«*lon-i>t. corner: 170x160 feet; actu-
ally worth fio.V'O; must Mil at once.
H0.C0O— Oixer; Golden Gate ave.; 127:6x137:6
feet: rerts JH0.
tio.COO — Grand ccrnrr: CO-foot front: f ew -
I lock* of Orpb^um; pays 6 per cent net.
$7S.*0C~ Grand corner; 60-foot front; within
' lilotk cf Tlvoll; old Improvements; rent $400.
Other bargains.
Apply A. M. SPECK A CO.. C67 Market et.
iFaNDSOME new cottage; J2400: $400 cash, bal-
ance mcntJily: contains S large rooms, porce-
lain h-th and basement; IZS Fan Bruno ave.,
one block from Lick School and Blxteentb-rt.
electric cars; soe It to-day. LION & HOAG,
U4 Montgomery- «t. ¦ -
FOITI? new. up-to-date houses for sale on easy
termf=; 7 and 9 rooms; cars pass the property;
Clayton ct.. eouth of Frederick. See owner
on premises or JEHOME ENGLISH. 11 Mont-
C<Ti'.cry st.
A nAHGAIN-7 flats ne*r City Hall and G. G.
%ve • itplendid condition; alwaj'S rented; in-
cr.me jiiOf' a year; pays 6 per cent over all ex-
jier.ses. W. G. Grinth. r. SU-13, Examiner.
CHEAPEST lots in the Western Addition;
southwest cor. Pine and Lyon ets. ; 7 lots 25
KX90 and 23xS7:6; X12M to tlSOO. UcGLTKK &
MENTON, room 12, Chronicle" building.
tlTOft-A FNAP; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
ftr*»t arcz-pted; stone eidewalk; lot 25x8J.
PATTEIISOX & CO.. 11 City Hall square.
JC.'O — LOT on Michigan rt.. opp««lte Union Iron
Work*. W. F. McCLUUE. 11 Montgomery «U
J^OO— BARGAIN : n«w cottage; 6 roomfl; easy
terms. 214 Jersey ct. •_• __•
IF you have Jots to Fell north of the Park. th«»
•-all on W. S. CUKN. 1.30 California «t.
MODERN housen built; lowest prices; plans apd
wtlnaates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
FOR the l*-Kt located lots In Richmond amd the
ct>ea.p«ct cail on W. J. GUNK. £30 California. ,
ROOMS TO LET—Farn. anil Unfnrn.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth at..
. -near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.*
STEVENSON. 511— Front eingle room In prl-
vate family; J5 month.
SUTTTER. 303— Large front furnished room. '».
SUTTER, 309— Cne small furnished room, $1 25
per week.
SUTTER, 32O»4— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms, |8; suites. $12 to $25 mo.
TWENTY-THIRI>. 3728. near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window, rooms; nice. neat... complete.
VALENCIA, 191—2 front rooms, well furnished
for housekeeping, with use of bath, rent $10;
also 1 back room, well furnished, with small
i kitchen, rent $5.
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
J subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et. ¦
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. • Grace
Church, with annex SO* California Bt.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractlve and tightly, rooms at modest rates.
ELEGANTLY & newly furnished sunny apart-
ments, with or without board; cuUlne unex-
celled. 1103'^ Broadway, cor. 12th et.. Oak-
land. top floor. MRS. M. C. ROBINFOX.Prop.
GERMAN family would like to get two gentle-
- men for room and board. 1123 Howard st.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 413
First st. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. IZSO.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1913 Mission. nr.lSth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred: cpen even.; phone Black 1124." 205 4th.
BOUGHT, told, rented, repaired; needle* and
shuttles; reduced rates. 1<5 6th: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell ets.; tel/ Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. S*0 Mis-
Flon St.; tel. Mint 1S21. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
•"• TRUSSES.
MANUFA'R; elastic stockings. Ehoulder braces,
supporters made, repaired. Menge, 503 Kearny.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN^Y^E^VRITERS^VN'e
tell better machines for less money than any
house !n the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
LEGAL ADVERTISEME.NT3.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California— In the
matter of Honolulu • Sugar Company, a cor-
poration, upon Its application for a judgment
of dissolution. Notice.— No. 75.357. Dept. 10.
Notice is hereby given that Honolulu Sugar
Company, a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws of thu
State of California, and having Its office and
place of business In the city' and county of
San Francisco, State of California, has filed
Its application, duly verified and signed by a
majority .of its board of directors, addressed
to the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, pray-
ing for a judgment of dissolution of said
corporation: and that Monday, March 25th.
1901. at 10 o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of
paid court. Department No. 10, In the City
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the day, time
and place for the hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of Bald Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February, 1901.
[Seal] WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. (In-
dorsed.) Filed Feb. 20. 19M. WM. A. DEANK,
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage, Depot
Quartermaster's Office, 30 New Montgomery
St., San Francisco. Cal.. February 9, 1901. —
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
received at this office until 10 o'clock a. m..
Monday, February 25, 1901, Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Rub-
ber Ponchos. Brown Cotton Stockings. Garrl-
non Flags. Post Flags, Storm and Recruiting
# Flags. Quantities to be subject to CO per
'cent Increase, If desired, by this department.
' Bids will be opened for the delivery of the
same articles at. either the San Francisco.
Boston. Chicago and Philadelphia Depot?. To
avoid misunderstanding as to the exact na-
ture oi the articles to be furnished, bidden
will carefully examine the standa*d samples
and specifications, eo that proposals may be
submitted by them with a full knowledge of
what will be required. In the matter of Pon-
chos the attention of bidden) is called to the
fact that the sealed tamoies do not strictly
conform to the specifications, that the latter
will govern exclusively, and further, that
the sample* show only the general character
of the Ponchos to be furnished. Bids upon
samples differing from specifications and
samples upon which bids ar» Invited will un-
der no circumstances be entertained, nor will
uncuaranteed bids be considered. Proposals
for less quantities than advertised for will
be entertained. Bids for delivery or inspec-
tion at other points than those named alien e
will not be considered. Early deliveries are
essential. Bidders must state in their propo-
sals the rate and time of delivery should
contract be awarded to them, and that no
proposition should be made which they are
.not pceitlve that they can absolutely rulflll.
Preference will be given to articles of domes-
tic production and manufacture, conditions
of price and quality being equal (including
In the price of foreign production and manu-
facture the duty thereon), and such prefer- i
ence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or '
• reject any or all proposals or any part there-
pfi Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be endorsed "Pro-
posals No. 1271," and addressed to Major
OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster, U. S.
- Void.. Deoot Quartermaster.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
, The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Charles C. Bruehl. 25, 1432 Sixteenth Ftreet,
Oakland, and Marie Boesen, 26, 1432 Sixteenth
street, Oakland,
Harry Buchanan, 35, Sydney, Australia, and
Ethel Hunt, 20, Sydney. Australia.
John Stark, 23, Vallejo. and Isabella M.
Your.*. 23, Vallejo.
Clarence C. Moore, 27. S07H Mission street,
and Alma M. Howard, 26, 907Vs Mission street.
William 3. Graham, 23. Houston, Texas, and
Mary Rooney. V>. 933 Devlsadero street.
Henry • J. Mitchell. 27.- 616 Lombard street,
and Mona C. Wrlr, 22. 2% Clementina street.
Lee Eschen, 26, 1416 O'Farrell street, and
Clara Thiehen, 26, 2014 Sutter street.
I»ule Rothensteln. 4S. 923 Folsom street, and
Sophia Herbsteln. 24, 823 Kolsom street.
Thomas DIckson. 37. 1016 Shbtwell street,
and Lucie Duerr.- 36, Sunol.
Albert Hammers Jr., 22. 431 L»lnden avenue,
and May Liddle, 19, 213 Couch Btreet.
Josef Raumann. 36, San Bruno, and Maria
Welbel. IS, San Bruno.
Chester V. Berry, 25. 142 Powell street, and
Christine Johanwn, 25. 1118 Market street.
Simon Label. 31, San Rafael, and Lena Lu-
bogch. 26. city. \ '
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent ty
mall will net be Inserted. They muft be handed
In Bt either of the publication offices and be
Indorsc-d with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
. . , MABRIED.
COLLEDGK-- MOORE-In this city, February
20, 1901. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Jacob H. Colledee of Oalt, Cal.. and Aure-
Ha C. Moore of Emmptt. Cal.
FISHER— SOMERS— In this city. February 20
190L Aleyne A. Fisher of Washington, D. C,
and Ida O. Somnrs of San Francisco.
FRF.SE— ASPDEN-In this city. February 21
1901. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wllscn
William Frese and Madah Alice Aspden
both of San Francisco.
JOHNSTON— FINNIE— In this city. February
13. 1901, by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinplllfr
Thomas W. Johnston of Portland, Or., and
.tearinotte L. Flnnle of Ran Francisco
MOORE— HOWARD— In this city. , February 2r
1901, at the Howard-street Mel hod 1st Episco-
pal Church, by the Rev. Dr. John A." B Wll-
ison. Clarence Conrad Moore and Alma Mater
Howard, both of Ran Francisco.
EIEWEBT-BELLISLE— In this city. February
20. 1901. at Centra! M. E. Church, by the
Rev. S. D. Hutslnpiller. Harry A. - Kiewe-t
and Dora Bellisle, both of San Francisco *
STAP.K-YOUNG-In tills city, February ' 21
1901. at the pastor's residence, by the Rev'
E. G; Mathcna, D.D.. John Stark and Isa-
bella M. Young, both of VaUeio. ...
_ . _______
Adams, James McCoppin, Eliza B
Cederberg, Arthur McNevin, Catherine
Clark. ' Treat P. Maloney. Katherine
Clevenger, Emma O. Xesbitt. Mrs. . Sarah
Darling. Rachel Olsen. Louisa
; FJschf-r, Hans Keed, Maria > •
Goldman, Joseph IUley. Mary
Grlswold. Mrs. C. L. IUng,- William II.
Holldorf. Henry B. Scherrer. Caroline
Humphrey. . Gertrude Sevey. Mary A. •-¦¦-
.. .Hunter. . James G. ¦ Slattery. Cornelius
Hustedt. John Smith, John V.
Kavaney. Claire Sponberger,. Mrs. F.-
MaGruder. Cha«. J. ' Wentworth. Adelaide
ADAMS— In this city. February 19. 1901. James,
husband of Mrs. M. J. Adams of 30 Waah-
Mrs. Frederlcka Sponbercer, a native of
Germany, ased 70 years 4 months and :2
days.
ETRemalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Efihth.
WENTWORTH— In this city, February 21. 1901.
Adelaide R. Wentworth, belo% r ed mother of
Mrs. F. E. Weaver of Sacramento. Clinton
Wentworth of San Francisco and Mrs. Lillle
W. Bucklns of Petaluma. a native of Maine,
aged 65 years 2 months and 9 days. (Peta-
luma and Sacramento, Cal., papers please
copy.) ¦
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2423 Mission street,- near Twenty-
first. Interment at Petaluma, Cal., Sunday,
February 24. . . .
IGNATIAN Council No. 35. Y. M." I.— The an-
nual requiem mass for the. repose of the sOuls
of our departed brothers of the Young Men's
Institute will be celebrated this (Friday)
mcrning. 22 Inst.. at St. Dominic's Church,
Stelner and Bush streets, commencing it 10
o'clock. Relatives and friends of deceased
members are most respectfully Invited to at-
tend.". Sermon by Rev. James R. Newell,
O. P. J. K. COSCJRAVE. President.
C. L. EBNER. Secretary.
g OCEAN
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ /' Steamers leave Broadway
B»v / wharf, San Francisco:
r^St; For Alaskan I'orts— 11 «. m.,
MSiao'S'W Feb - 2:> - March 2 - chan * J l0
EnS'(5|5*'^^L company's steamers at Seat-
P^^^^^iii For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
f.tieJvZfgg'li C), Port Towns=end, Seattle,
f. ~~*££&ZfU)X, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. Feb. 25, March a and
every fifth day thereafter. Change at Seattle
for this company's steamers for Alaska ana
G. ,N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N*. P.
RyV; at Vancouver to C. P. P.y. (
For Eureka. Humboldt nay— 2 p. m.. Feb. 22. ;
27. March 4. nnd every fifth day thereafter. '
For San Diego, utopplna; only at Santa Bar- |
bara. Port Loe Angeles and Redondo (Los j
Angeles)— Steamer Qufen. Wednesdays. 9 a.m.; j
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Fanta Cruz. Monterey. Fan Simeon. Cay-, i
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblnpo). Gavlota. I
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m.; steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pat. Santa Rosalia '
and Guaymas'(Mex. ) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month. '
For further Information obtain company's |
folders. I
• The company reserves the right to change I
steamers, sailing dates and hours of ' sailing I
without previous notice. I
TICKET OKKICE— 4 Xew Montgomery I
street (Palace Hotel). |
GOODALL. PEUKIXS & CO.. Gen. Ajrts.. |
10 Market *t.. San Francisco. |
THE 0. R. & R. CO. :
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
PAQP S!2 F'rst Class Including Berth
rHFlu $8 Second Clas* aod Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails Feb. 22. Mar. ?
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Feb. 17. 27, Mar. »
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the "Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
. E. C. WARD, General Agent.
- 630 Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA. .
STEAMERS WILL" 'LEAVE ¦ WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brann'an streets, at 1 p. m., I
or; YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling; at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, effe. No cargo received on board on day
of Ealllnir. • '
SS. AMERICA MARU... .Friday. March 13. 1901
PS. HONGKONG MARU..Tue5>day. April 9, 13tl
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 3. 1901
. Rouml-trip . tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply^it company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITSV Y0XK. SOCTBAJIPTOS. LONDON. FAHIi
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Everv Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York Feb. 271 Vew York March 20
Vaderland March filVaderland March 27
St. Louis March lilSt. Louis April 3
RED STAR LINE;
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frlenland Feb.' 27 Kensington ...March "0
Southwark ...jMarch 6 Noordland ....March 27
Westernland. ..March 13 Friesland April 3
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
20 Montgomery street.
AnAOnlA C Q £*A HAWAII, 8AU0A, NEW
BSrttNraaH£^ ZEALAND »« SIDNEY,
V VVWiSV tf»«'VV' DIRECT USE TO TAHITI
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. February 23. 2 p. m.
eg SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
'Zealand and Australia
Wednesday, March 6. at 9 p. m.
SS. 'AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ;•"""
Wednesday, March 13, 4 p. m.
i. 0. SPREMELS & BROS. CO., Saeral tgtats, 327 Market St
Ean'I Passenger 011a, 643 Hirtrt St., Piir Be. 7 ; Pseffls St
PANAMA R. R, s ™
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. $1O5: Steerage, f40.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, March 5.
S S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 19.
S. S. Koanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
From wharf, foot of Fremont st.. at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. S30 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
P1CI7I0 STEAM NAVIGATION CO. AND .' .• •
C0MPANIA S0D AMERICANA DB VAP0RES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. From section No.
|c,^ArENA Sa . n !. nR i-ebru a ry - 1901. at 12 m.
II: COLOMBIA -March 7. 1901
oc TITAPEL March 20. 1901
I! Irequipa....: ..Apni «, im
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenper srrvlce (No j
change at AcapUlco or Panama.) Freight and j
passennrer office. 31S California street.
P - BALFOUK, GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -Sf&g.
Sailing every Thursday lnst.-ad "'^jSSj
at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. -*» i oi 1 *=5*
Nortn"*Rlver. foot of Morton street. First class
To Havre. W ana «««.« cta» to
Montgomery avenue San Francisco. Tickets
sold by al'. Railroad Ticket Agents.
~BAyTnD BIVEB STEAMERS.
flf c1^.»- ".t'ftMtTce'ln "
MOV.. Tues-.^-Wed., Thufs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m . 3:13. S:30 P- m. fex. Thurs<lay niBht); Fri-
days 1 p. m. and S:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. LandlnK and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IMS. j
BAIIWAT TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
: I Local I Llm'd [Ovrl'd | Local
1 Dally.l Daily. Dally. Dally.
Lv. Pan Fran" 1 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
•• Merced .. 12:2S p 1:17 p 115 a
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
•' Hanford.. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
•• Vlsalla.... 4:M P J 4:10 p! 4:43 ft
" Tulare.... 4:27 p ' 4:27 p 5:03 ft
•• Hksfield... 6:50"p 5:20 p 7:30 a
•• Kan City 2:41 a I 7:30 a
" Chicago—I...../.. 2:15 p | 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnlne;
Cars throutrh to Chlcajro. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p.m. dally.
4:20 i>. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
lnc train arrives at U:G5 a. m. dally.
. g;M o. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Rccllnlnsr Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cut* out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at \:l* p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield LocrI. stopping at
nil iwilnts In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding: train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— C41 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; HIS Broadway, Oak-
Ia::d. .
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
VI* Sausalito F«rry.
Commencinc September SO. 1300.
FROM SAN^NCJCO^MrLLVALLET
WEEK DAYS— 6:5o. *9:13, 11:00 a. m., »1:45
313 4:W, 5:13, '6:15. «:40 P- m.
EXTRA THIPS— For -Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:C0 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00. '10:00. •ll:9i a. m., *1,K,
3'15, "4:43. 6:39. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK-DAYS— 5:20. 7:45. 9:30 a, m
•12:30, 1:45. *3:30. 4:30. S:2O p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:13 p. in.
SUNDAY&-6:20. •S:0O. •10:00.." Ml :tt a. ra.
•1.40, *«:1S, 4:43. »6:M p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILX, VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
AVBEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55, 9:30 a. m
i;:33 2:10. 3:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:0i a. m.. 12:03. 1:15." 3:30
6:00. 6:45 p. m. -
THROUGH TRAINS.
"6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations.
•S-.00' - a. ' ~ m. Sundays— Tomales and way
, stations.
1 'irsirinnrinrttVii'trtnnrsttisv&ii o j
1 THE LUXURY • !
HIVING ' I
(° IS ACCENTUATED IF %
jf YOU TRAVEL EAST ON *
» THE NEW SANTA FE o
g TRAIN. . . IT GOES TO Z
P CHICAGO IN 3 DAYS •!
g' • ;. .... IT FURNISHES I
£ PRINCELY LIVING AND *
!° IT IS CALLED THE ... J
I CALIFORNIA j
i LIMITED I
. o
Cft JLg-gJtgJt a SULSLSJULBSL 3 SAAJLQJiSU
soonua r»iirm costfas*.
(r*oirio stutch.)
Traiaa !¦**« «•¦«! nr« •!•*• (• •rrlii •»
man riiAK«:iMt«».
*r (Main Lli.e. Foot of Market 3Ue«l) v -'
X.KATB — F*OM Ja»UA»T 1. I90L — *»*!?»
?iSOa Berieia. Sulsnn, Elmii*. V»c»iU!9,
I'.unijtj tint Mjcriiueuto ?tl3v
IiIOa IUrls. Woodland. Knights Landing.
.VirrsTi:ie. ormlllp. 7il3r
T:3«» Atlantic K i press— Ogden and K»at lail-i?
»:«u* Martinez, .Sau lUmuu, Vallejo. Nap*.
t'alUti ¦ji»mlHiui» R<>*» *tl3p
" H:O<tA Xlies. Ufermore, Tricj, Lathrop,
Stockton 7il3*
|:|ui ShaoU f tpreas— Datia. V7iUlama (for
Bartlett SprforaX Willow*. liad
Bluff, PortUiid. 7il3r
tiSOA Sim Jo*e. LUermore, Stockton, $
Ions. Haertmriito. PUcrrvtlia,
Marystillo. CLico. U-l Itlmt 4il1p
His** OakJale, Chinese, ftouor*. Carters... -«il3r
IMOO* HajwanU. NU>« and Way Station!. 1 1»43»
»«OO* Los Aneele* K*yre*a — Martliwx.
Tracy. Lathrop, rUorkto-j, ilncr J
Fresno »i«U Lo» Angolea ?il3r
• :SO* Vfcllel... Martinez au«l Wa» Station. JiUf
|U:uua Th« O*erland IJn.itaa— Ofden, Vna~
ter. Omaha. Chicago «:43f
1I:OOa Kllrt, Stockton. Sacramento, Men-
dots. Fwsao. Uantord. VUalla,
Porteiwllle •••••• «*•!»»
1 1 «OO* Llvermore. Hanger. Goshon , Juno-
Hon. BikeiB&eld, Los Angelea
fliOOr Sacramenti. Itlter Steanmn......... !«»>••?
S:«Or Hayvards, Nilr* and Way Station*. aii.lr
4iour Martiuvx, Han lUmoii, ValUJo,
Kan*. Cali«t<>£». Snutt Koaa Vil3*
4iU«r llruicla. Winters. Haeiamenl^
Woodland. Ki.lthU Lauding.
Mxrjiulllr. Oroiill* !•:«»
4i8OpH»ywaid»..riU(waml S»n Jose...... tJ'J**
S:OOr Nile*, lirennore. Stockton. Lodl ... 1«»13a
,.-,:OOr Suo.-et limited. El Paao. J««w
Orleans and Ea»t. el»«13A
3:t»0rT!i« Owl limited— Trmcy. Fresno.
BakersaelU. Ganpis for Santa Bar-
Ura. Lot AD«el««.. ............... 1»«I3A
SiOttrKow Orleani ExpreM-Haienlield.
Bant* lt»rli»r». l.os Angalea. Den.
Inc. El Pato. New Oileaus aud
Ka«t • "»***
• :AOr Hajrad*. JillesandSaa Jote ,V i .i k
tOiOOr'ValleJo -. lll*»A
•iw«r Oriental Man— OgJen. Cneyonna,
Omaha. Chicago 13:13*
• :OOr Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denver.
Omaha. Chlouro. «U3r
7i00r Oregon ami California Kxpren.Ha*.
rnnieiito. Mirjullle. Kwlillng,
l-oi tlniiil. rugek Hound ami Kaai 8i*3»
Si*3rSan Pablo, P»»» Co«U. Martlnes
and Way Station* 11i43a
I%l93r TiOHo 7rl3r
COAST IU VISION (Harrow flange).
(foot ct Market Street.)
»>!.•>* Newark. Ceiit«r»ille.HaiiJos».F«>lt«ii,
BonMerCreek.SaiitaCmxandWiaj
Station* "••• •«*•»
|»il»r Newark, CentarTills, San Jose, Nt>«
Almaaen. Fslton, BonUler Creek.
Santa Cm* and Principal Way
Stations ?';•?•*
4il3p Newark, 8«n Jo*e, Lo* Gates • Si."»»a
o«s30p Hanurm' Excursion, fian Jose and
Way Stations t«»*»»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ruam IBiJOlSM— »i»t *t airi.t Slrm (S'.i? S)—
fl-.lt «:oo ll:oe&.in. 1:00 i;C0 ItUpo.
From Oakland— Foot of Srcadway.— H O ttM
19.(Ca.m. 11:90 l:0> 4 .-Q0p.nl.
COAST IIITISIOX (Broad ««¦«•).
(TblrJ »tid Towimentl 3t».)
tOjIOA Ocean Viow, South Man KraucUc".. lUilo*
-«O«A Haii Joiie a...l W»y St«tl..n» (N«*
Aliinulen W«lne«dai«oiily) liS«#
••••* MaB J«w. Tiea l'inoa. Hant» <!rn«.
Pairil',0 «Jrore. I'asn llnbles. aao
T.iiin OWnva, Surf, Lomcoo aii4
l»rlucf;ial Wa» RUtluiia Z'lJ*
liiilo* Ban Jitsa and Way Stations •»<"»
I lsa»A Sau Jom au.l Way HUtl.ms ........ «••«»»
fj.iarHtx Mateo. Kwlwooil. Menlo Park,
l'alo Alto, hanta Clara, Han .Ian.
Trej Pino«. 8»»U Crux, Saltnaa.
; Monterey an.l raclfic Orot« ''J 1 *?. 1
t*«ll«P Han Jose aud Way SUtlons ........ «j3»f
I Principal W»y Stations »«43a
tSsOOrSan Jo«e.Los Gatoa and Prinoipal o<^
5:SAr Su jMetnaPrinoJ'nrf' Way 3tatioui JJ'^*
«:aopS%nJoseau«l Way Stations *KJf*
all:43r San .lose ami Way 8Utl«»us 'JPf
A for Mon.inr P t°* Aftaw»OMt^
r Mondays. 'Wertnesdayj, Frfdaya.
c Tundiys. TbursUsyi. d joJurv
a Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BI. Ca
SA« FRAiiCISGO AND N5RTH PACIFIC
RA1UVMY CO.'APANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
San Frnnrisco to Sun Ro'fo^i.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:S0. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:35, 3:30.
5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday*- Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
: SUNDAYS— S:CO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. J:30k
S:CO. 6:20 p. m.
San itaiusl to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. U:W a. ra.; U:«.
' S:40, 5:10 p. ra. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:53
nr.'l 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:10. 9:40. 11:10 «. m.: l:» r Z.iO,
) S:05. 6:23 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park.
same schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect I Arrtve
San Francisco. (Nov. 7, 1900.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I | Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I Destination, i days. | Days.
7:20 am S:0OamU Novato. 10:40 an SMOant
J:30 pm 9:30 am 3 Petaluma. 6:Ci pra 10:25 am
E:10 pm S:0O pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm «:22 pm,
i Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. j 10:25 aax
Healdsburc,
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
g:») pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm «:22 pa
7-30 ami t Hopland I I
I 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| <:« pm
7-30 am W:23 ana
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
8:30 pm *'¦" P m
7-30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm t:Z2 pm
7-30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 ant
3:30 pm[ 5:00 Fm| Sebaatopol. I 7:35 pm| «:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa (or Mark West
Fprlnw and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; »•
I OcyservUle for Skaxgs Springs ; at Cloverdal*
i for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
I Si'rtngs. Highland Sprlnits. Kelsey-vtlle. Carls-
tad Springs. So^a Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Hrringsi at Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
tprlnss. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
i Sprln»s. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Bueknell's,
. Sanhedrln Heights. HullvllU?. Orr"s Hot Spring*.
Mcndoclno City.- Fort Brass. Westport. Usa.1.
Wllletts, Laytonvllle. Cummings. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsens, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
- bf yonrl San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. «J0 Market st.. Chronicle build-
in*. ' k. X. RYAN,
II. C WHITINO. Oen. Pass. Agt.
t '^ Gen. Manager.
, MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Via Sausalito Ferry— Foot of >Utket it.
i*. in n>i. . aa>. ••>» r»»«t.
• "1:45 r. K. ¦ W EElk. UA13 I g:::s p M>
4:OOr. m.J Stay over nlghtftt the tatbbx (lO:t&A.M.
• 8.-0OA. U.°t I lrfWP.M.
10«)A. M. I crrVDAYS J W'.".
, 1U10 a. H. StMJA Y3 \ 4:2S rn
1:15 r.M.) I 5:45p.m.
Fare. S*n Francisco to Summit »nd Return, f I.4O.
¦ Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. &. Sausalito Ferry.
/^^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M-r-Jfxk C>'2i) KEAIt.W ST. B-ttablbhed
G> r^lSS 1 " •'*•*¦* 'or the treatment of Prtvi«t«
• HL 3k.^9Sf W se:isf *• 1 -° 1<t -Slaniiood. Pebliltyor
Kcai^t^^ivSa < l!* p as < * wearlnjrnn borty antl mind and
T 2So JPK sfS-tkln DLienses. Tlie Doororoures wiicn
others toll. Try him. rharges low.
/ i ififl*' i * — ** CnllorwrlML
l»r. J. C tilBBOS, Son Frandaco. Cal.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
G. II. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery Bt.
AUCTION.
Al'CTIO N.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
At our salesroom MONDAY, March 4. 1901, at
12 o'clock noon.
E. M. CARLISLE ESTATE EXECUTORS'
' - SALE.
NO. 1.
1910-12 Devleadero st.. east line, near Pine,
two bay-window hous;* of 7 rooms and bath
each; rents J66 per month; lot 32:6x100.
_ NO. 1.
ney!sao>ro *t.. east line, near Pine; build-
ing lot 22;6xlO«; gas, water and sewer pipes
laid in the lot; *twt accepted by the city.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
,._ FOREOLO.SKRK SALE.
cor. Seventeenth and Guerrero •t».;
suDstantial improvements consist of store, with
« rooms, basement and stable, flat of 7 rooms
and bath above; portion of lot not built on;
both streets, accepted by the city.
CASTRO STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
*. . FORECLOSURE SALE.
u34 -6 Castro St.. near Nineteenth; two stores,
rents $28 rer month: lot 37x125
CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
2. r .07 Clay st.. near FHlmore; bay-window resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath; conservatory: two
desirable parks in close proximity; lot 3Sx
l?7:S l .i; at a Email outlay could be converted
Into flats.
CHOICE RESIDENCF NEAR PARK.
1071 Page St., near Broderlck; choice residence
of 10 rooms and bath; bay-windows, brick
foundation, cement walks, etc.; lot 30x137:6.
CHOICE MISSION RESIDENCE.
14*Vi Guerrero st.. near Twenty-sixth; elegant
residence of 15 rooms and bath: large grounds,
brick foundation, cement walks: street accepted
by the city; can be easily converted into flats
at little Putlay;,lot 50xli»3; irregular.
A. A. EOYSEN ESTATE ADMINISTRATOR'S
SALE.
NW. cor. Sanchez and Twenty-ninth sta.;
substantial Improvements consist of store, three
flats and cottage, wlmimlll and tank; portion
of lot not bulk on; lot 51:6x105; subject to
confirmation by the ciurt.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
McAllister st.. south line, between Baker and
Crntra.1 ave.; two choice residence lots; level
and ready for building; street accepted by the
I city: lots 23x137:6 each; bank mortgage of $-000
i can remain.
CHOICE FLATS.
I 'fii Spruce st.. SW. cor. of Jackson; two de-
firabl<» flats of 6 rooms and bath 'each; com-
manding an unobstructed marine view; lot
27:?' 4 x9.":3 feet: bank mortgage of $1800 at 6
por cent can remain.
MISSION COTTAGE FORECLOSURE, SALE.
140 Hartford st.. between Nineteenth and
Twentieth. Noe and Castro; bay-window cot-
tage of 7 r<x>m« and bath.
MISSION COTTAGE FORECLOSURE SALE.
309 Jersey st.. between Noe and Castro. Twen-
ty-fourth "and Twenty-fifth; bay-window cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; brick foundation,
cement walk?, etc.
MISSION COTTAGE FORECLOSURE SALE.
1CC3 Sanchez st., near Twenty-third: bay-
window cottage of 5 rooms and bath; Inclosed
driveway under house; rents $13 25 per month;
cement walks, etc
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgnmery st.
HEAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Snle
FARM for pale at public auction March 2. 1901—
Half mile Sonoma; 37 acres In orchard and
vineyard: furnished house 11 rooms, 2-story;
barn 40x50; horses, wagons, poultry, farming
Implements; sale on premlfes at 1 p. ra.
FRANK CHELINI. Sonoma.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market: rtr.s. 14-2: sells and
exchanges city and country realty: printed
lists; Sonoma, Santa Clara and ether counties.
WRITE J. W. HORN, SI! Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
MILL VALLEV HEAL ESTATE.
CHOICE Improved and unimproved residence
property for sale; furnished and unfurnished
houses to rent. S. H. ROBERTS. Real
Estate and Insurance. Mill Valley. Cal:_
REALTY TO EXCHANGE:.
WE have the largest list of improved and* un-
improved city and farm property located In
all parts of United States to exchange. Call
and see us. HERBERT & CO.. room 710 Em-
ma Frreckels building. 927 Market ft.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE,
BEAUTIFUL modern cottage, 6 rooms; lot 50x
120: choice location; stable, etc.: a sacrifice;
ea?y terms. A. G. ¦ BURNS. 1101 Park St.,
Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— U18 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FfHXITURB FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPISC.
CHESTNUT, 203—Sunny furn. rooms for house-
keeping; cheap; fine view; quiet neighborhood.
FULTON. 116 — Furnished housekeeping rooms
ana others from $4 up; sunny.
GROVE. 104— Sunny front room for housekeep-
ing, with kitchen; newly furn.; other rooms.
HAKJHT. 122— For couple. 2 nicely appointed
I housekeeping rooms; ga« range; telephone;
reference.
HOWARD. 7C1H— Nicely furnished bay-window
suite; kitchen; man and wife; others.
JACKSON, S20. near MasorwvFurnlshed nunny.
front, large hourekpg rooms. *S; single, U.
LARKIN*. SIS'.i— Sunny front alcove rooms, light
housekeeping; gas stove, bath, phone {{private.
LIBERTY. IN. near Valencia— Five or six
larfe, handsomely furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping; gas stove, piano, phone;
«;uW. pleasant surroundings; convenient to
car*: very desirable.
. OCTAVIA. 1403. corner of Geary— Sunny bay-
window; mantel; also housekeeping rooms
complete.
! BECOND. 212-Well furnished for housekeep-
) Ing: quiet, neat, clean and respectable; rea-
sonable.
, SIXTH. 126— Sunny rooms for light housekeep-
ing; also room for gentleman.
THIRTEENTH. £3, near Va!encla-2 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; water and
', CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
, received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Ca^l advertisements and
; subscriptions has been 11 established at 1006
' Valencia et.
ROOMS TO LET — Porn, nnd Unfnrn.
. A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 per night; Jl 23 to $5 per week, and light
1 hou*f keeping: open all night.
. AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant «ve.— Best dollar
a day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
1 larg« rooms; modern conveniences; rooms 50c
up; first-rlass meals 2rk-; fre« coach.
1 BURNETT. HIS Market told No. 1564)— Fur-
j nlrhed rms.. suites, single; alno unfurnished.
BUSH. E20 (The~Elk)-ohanged hands; nicely
f furn. sunny rms.. single, en suite, newly reno-
vated; all conven. Mrs. K. M. Ramsey, prop.
EDDY. 303 .. Bunny bay-window rooms; gas;
phone; rent reasonable.
. ELLIS. 329-Changed hands; sunny furnished
' front bay window room, and others.
1 nLLIS, 424— Large newly lurnished . sunny
room. $12; also others, SS.
FOURTH, "MV-Newlr furnished sunny rooms
» from 15 up to $12 per month.
f FULTON. . f.2&— Large furnished double room;
bath: suitable for two. .*-
GEARV.4O5 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rrr.s; suites cr single; travelers accommodated.
. GOLDEN GATE «.v.. 1206— Sunny furnished par-
• lor culte; board optional; also single rooms.
' GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
• and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
j GROVE, 4CS%— Sunny single room for gentle-
: MARKET. 1055," bet. 6th and 7th— Nice sunny
r furnished rooms; gents preferred; transient.
HAYES, 4C9— Large front room; use of kitchen;
suitable for man and wife.
- HOWARD, 1063% — Finely furn. sunny front
bay-window room; electric lights; lady or
gent; ?10.
• LAUREL HOUSE. $30'.4 Mission— Rooms to let
; en ralte or single; no transient.
: MCALLISTER. 1023 — Sunny room; private; gas;
grate.
5 MISSION. 1729'i. near Thirteentk-2 rinny fur-
nlshed housekeeping rooms, bath, laundry, JS.
I NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, 12 a week up; 35c a day up.
', O'FARRELL. 20— Eunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; -elec. lights; day, wk., mo.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
readlnK-room. smoking-room and -ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, S5c to 11 60; week, $2 to
I $8; month. 19 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and rold water; baths.
1 ROPEDALE House, 719-321 Ellis at.— Rooms,
eight. 25c to Jl; week. SI 25 to $4; opca alghu
Ington avenue, near Ninth street, late of the
firm of Adams & Butler, a native of Lon-
donderry, Ireland, aged 79 years G months
and 7 days. •
lE7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of.'
Craig &• Cochran Company, 52-56 Mint ave-
nue. Interment^Masonlc Cemetery.
CEDERBERG— In this city. February 20. 1901.
Arthur, beloved son of August and Emma
Cederbere. and brother of Rudolph, Llllle
and l^awrence Cederberg, a native of San
Francisco, aged 6 years 2 months and 26
dnys.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:15 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 3307 Twenty-fourth street, between
Sanchez and Koe. Interment Mount Olive:
Cemetery.
CLARK— In this city, February 20, 1901, Treat
Perry, beioved husband of Phoebe E. Clark,
a native of Connecticut, aged 77 years C
months and 21 daye.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonlo
Tcmrle.
CLEVEXGER- In this city, February 20. 1901.
Emma Gertrude, beloved wife of J. D. Clev-
enjeer, a native of California, aged 40 years
8 months and 17 days. (Sacramento papers
please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4315 Twenty-fourth street, thence to
St. James Church, corner Twenty-third and
Guerrero streets, where services will be held
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
terr.
DARLING— In this city. February 20. 1901,
Rachel, wife of A. F. Darling, and mother of
Abraham, Henry and Charles C. Morris, Mrs.
Frank Sperling and Mrs. Blanche F. Light-
body, a native of Manchester, England, aged
71 years 1 month and 20 days. (Santa Crux
County papers please copy.)
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 1014 Shotwell street. Interment pri-
vate, I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FISCHER— In this city, February 10, 1901,
Hans, beloved husband of Annie Fischer, and
father of Mamie Fischer, a native of Ger-
many, aged 4G years.
E3»"The funeral will take place • this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GOLDMAN— In this city, February 21. 1901,
Joseph, beloved husband of Lucy Goldman,
and father of Julia E. and Joseph H. Gold-
man, a native of Prussia, agexl 77 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2035 Ellis street.
GRISWOLD— In New York City. February 21,
1501 Mrs Caroline L. Grlswold, wife of the
late Dr. 'W. F. Grlswold, mother of Dr. W.
H., Dr. C. L. and Harriet M. Grlswold and
Mrs. F. S. Mayhew. and sister of Mrs. Wil-
liam O. Gould.
(CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HOLLDORF— In this city. February 20, 1901.
Henry B., beloved son of F. and the late
S. Holldorf, and brother of Mrs. F. Ruifs
ai:<l Anna Holldorf of • San Francisco and
Helnrich. Gesine, Hermann, Catharine and
Friodrlch Holldorf of Germany, a native of
Oldenburg, Germany, aged 36 years 8 months
and 4 days.
tCT Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Elchth.
HUMPHREY— In this city. February 21, 1901.
Gertrude, beloved child of Kate and Albert
Humphrey, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 months and 8 days.
HUNTER— In the City and County Hospital,
February 21, 1901, James G. Hunter, a na-
tive of Nova Scotia, aged C3 years.
HCSTEDT— In this city, February 11, 1901,
John Hustedt, husband of Annie Hustedt,
and brotr-er of Mrs. F. Schnohr, Mrs. H.
Claussen and Henry and Niclaus Hustedt. a
native of Elmlohe, Amt Lehe, Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 38 years 3 months and 12 days.
(r^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Satutday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission Btreet.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KAVANEY— In this city, February 21, 1901,
Claire, infant daughter of Richard J. and
Elir.abeth Kavaney. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 17 days.
MaGRUDER— In this city. February IS, 130L
Charles J. MaGruder, beloved husband of the
latn Belle MaGruder. and father of Charles
H.. Arthur M., Mary V.. Elizabeth and
Thomas MaGruder, a native of Donegal, Ire-
land, aged 51 years 4 months and 4 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCOPPIN— February 19, 1901. Eliza B. Mc-
Copnln. aged 63 years.
CT Funeral services and Interment private.
McNEVIN— In this city, February 20, 1901.
Catherine McNevin, a native of Ireland, aged
85 years and 8 days.
tCTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday). 'at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to the Dominican Church. Bush and
Stelner streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencinc at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
MALONEY— In this city, February 21, 1901,
Katherine Maloney, beloved mother of
Thomas J.. Mary and James Maloney and
"SlTf. S.-'A. Smith, a native of County Clalr,
Ireland, aged* 75 years 9 months and 15 days:
C7Tlie funeral will take place to-morrow
(faturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from/her late
residence, 1216 Mission street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church. Tenth street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
NESBITT— In this city, February 21. 1901. Mrs.
Sarah Nesbltt, a native of County Tyrone,
Ireland, aged 73 years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 647 Folsom street. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
OLSEN-In this city, February 20. 1901. Louisa,
beloved wife of Christian Olsen, and mother
of Mrs. Mary Sater and Olga. Frank and
David Gulllksen, a native of Drammen, Nor-
way, aged 42 years 4 months and 26 days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resl-
i dence. 270 Shipley street, near Sixth. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
REKD— In this city. February 21, 190L Maria
Reed, beloved mother of Mrs. D. E. Arnold,
and grandmother of Mrs. L. C. Smith and
Ernest W. Arnold, a native, of Quebec, aged
76 years 6 months and 6 days.
RILEY— In this city, February 20, 1901, Mary,
wife of the late James Riley. beloved mother
of Michael J., John M. and Mary E. Rlley.
and sister of Mrs. Thomas Shewbrldke and
Hannah and Ann Donnelly, a native cf
County Roscommon, Ireland, aged .'.3 years.
|C?"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, frpm her late
residence. 32 Chenery street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
RING— In this city, February JO. 1901, Wil-
liam* H., dearly beloved son of Annie and
the late Richard Ring, a native of San
Francisco.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
SCHERRER— In this city. February 19, 1301.
Caroline, beloved wife of Gustav Scherrer.
and mother of Willie Scherrer. Mrs.' Dan
Hurley and Gustav and George Belsel. a na-
tive of Germany, axed -S3 years 8 months and
20 days. (Omaha. Nebr.. papers please copy.)
ICTTuneral this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock,
from her late residence, 235 Mississippi street,
between Eighteenth and Marlposa. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
SJVEY— In thl3 city. February 21. 1901. Mary
Ann, beloved daughter of Daniel A. end
Lucy Sevey, and sister of Carrie L., Charles
H. and Fred A. Sevey and Mrs. E. P. Mc-
Intosh, a hntlve of Yuba County, California,
aged 22 years 11 months and 9 days.
S LATTER Y— In this city, February 20. 1901.
Cornelius D.. beloved husband of. Maria L.
Plattery.* father of • Agnes O.. Ronald and
Lloyd Slattery. beloved son of Mrs. M. J.
Rlattery. and- brother of Joseph, Kate and
Annie Slattery. a native of New York City,
:ig<rl 42 years B months and 8 days.
tTTThe funeral will take place' this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
(lonce, 609 Ellis street, thence to St: Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. February 19, 190L John
• V. Smith; a native of New Jersey, aged 64
years. •
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
" fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Friday) ' at 2 o'clock.' from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Lau-
rel. Hill Cemetery.
SPONBERGER— In this city. February 20, 1901.
HBNRYJ. GALLAGHER CO.
- * (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
James McGinn. ' Henry Hansen.
- JAMES M'CINN & CO.,
miN-ERAl- DIRECTORS and EMBALMERS
•214 Eddy St.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
Telephone_South_576.
McAVOV <fc GO.,^j I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1233 Market st.;*. between Sth and 9th. I
Telephone South 247. I
1 ' "mi 1 nwJB
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows 1 Cemetery Association
" SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
The charge for cremation to church : members
and members of organizations having presldln"
officers- and.- secretaries, and their families Z
|30. All others *35. Expensive coffins ana or-
naments rare seldom used. . A nlcho in tha Co-
lumbarlan Is a .monument and saves the cost
of a lot and Us care and stone work. Send for
c rcu ar. GEOBaE R FLETCHER. Manager.NUMBERS ON CITY HALL DOORS PROMISE TO MAKE ENDLESS CONFUSION AMONG OFFICE HOLDERS AND
ALSO PROVIDE WELCOME EMPLOYMENT FOR NUMEROUS CLERKS ANp BELLBOYS WHO ARE NOT
STRICTLY UP. TO CIVIL SERVICE REQUIREMENTS.
MRS. JOSEPHINE HAYDEN, "WHO ALLEGES THAT AT THE TIME HER
HUSBAND SECURED A DECREE OF DIVORCE THEY WERE LIVING
TOGETHER AS HUSBAND AND WIFE. i
Judge Sets Aside Decree of Divorce on
Ground That They Were Living
Together at the Time It Was* Issued
JOSEPHINE HAVYDEN
GETS HUSBAND BACK
Personal.
Governor Gage and wife are at the
Palace Hotel. Th© Governor cam© from
Sacramento night before last, and Mrs.
Gage arrived from Los Angeles yesterday
forenoon. She came to> the metropolis to
consult physicians concerning- her son.
who recently underwent a surgical opera
tion. .
JUDGE COFFEY SETTLES
W. D. FABEEN'S ACCOTJTIT
Exscutor of Fowler Estate Says Ha
Will Adjust All Claim*
Against TTCTn
"W. D. Farren. executor of the will of
th© late D. D. Fowler, was before Judge
Coffey yesterday to explain the cause of
his absence from this city and his eva
sion of the court's order to account for
the property placed In his keeping. Far
ren was apparently in a repentant mood,
but he said little. He produced his final
account as executor of the Fowler estate,
in which he charged himself with $3000.
He stated that he has securities in bank,
and -with what money he could command
all claims of the estate against him
would be adjusted.
Decedent's heirs and devisees expressed
themselves as satisfied with the arrange
ments Farren had made to turn over the
estate and counsel did the same. Judge
Coffey, however, refused to let the matter
stand thus. Addressing Farren he said
he felt he had violated the confidence of
the court: In fact, had treated It most
contemptuously. In view of the stand the
heirs and attorneys had taken, however,
the matter would be permitted to rest,
the account would be settled and plans
for. the future management of the estate
adopted. The order settling the account
was made, and Farren. accompanied by
his attorney, left the building.
WANTS A GUARDIAN
FOR HIS FATHER
James B. Chase Is Stricken
With Paralysis and His
Son Petitions
Has Been Engaged in Business of
. Ship Ballasting More Than 25
Years — Value of Property
Unknown.
The business career of James B. Chas*.
senior member of the ship ballasting firm
at 17 Steuart street, has ended. In a pe
tition filed yesterday by his son. Harry
F. Chase, for letters of guardianship upon
his father's person and estate, It la se:
forth that on February 12 last he. whs
stricken with paralysU and since that
time has been physically helpless and
mentally weak.
The petitiontr states that, though his
father shows no signs of immediate col
lapse. It is not probable that he will ever
recover. His business Is such, the peti
tioner continues, that It Is necessary that
a guardian be appointed to care for his
person and estate. As Harry F. Chase ha*
been associated with his father In tha
ship ballasting business for some time ho
makes known to the court that he Is a fit
and proper person to care for his father's
interests. The petition will bo heard In
the Probate Court this week.
James B. Chase has been engaged as a
ship ballastman and stevedore In. this city
for more than twenty-five years. In thi*
line of business he> was perhaps the be?t
known man on the coast and has don*
business with ship owners the world over.
Though an elderly man he married hl«
second wife about a year ago-, she bein^
many years his Junior. Besides his son,
who la Interested with him In tha business
of ballasting ships, he has other children
by his .first wife, who^ reached manhood
and womanhood before his second mar
riage.
FRONT, take Mr. Phelan to his
room. No. ITS. Here, take the
keys of the city with you.- Don't
you know the number, hey? I'll
report you to • the Civil Service
Commission." qnd then the fire Kong or
fnme other bell around the City Hall
colloquially called the Hotel Phelan, or
the Hotel de Vil'.e. rang out 1-2-6. That is
the number of Mayor Phelan's room now
In the ancient pile that Is being reno
ratefl.
Th«»r<* are others who are wondering
what may be the number of their rooms.
Heretofore if a stranper could not find the
Fupposeflly encyelopediac policeman on
duty In the Hall he vrould a?k for the
Afs^sfot's office, or the Treasurer's of
fVe. or any old*>3ice that he wanted. .It
would be, "take this corridor, turn to left
or right, or go up a flight of stairs, and
f nd the place that you are looking for."
If you did not find It it was your own
fault.
Now all is changed. Bellboys will con
duct city officials to their respective of
fices. If Assessor Dodge wants to dodge
the poll tax collector all he will have to
do is to dorigre the entrance to room 116
and co around to 130. This 1? the number
of hi? private npartmert In the suite ap
portioned .to him. Auditor Wplls has al
most af= many numbers on his doors. If
you want a warrant, go to room 301. but if
you want to fop the Auditor personally
try on*> of the other numbers.
Based on the plan obtaining in larpe of
fioe buildlnps it has been decided to
number the offices in the City Hall. The
first or main floor rur.s from 101 up to the
finish of the century. And thus it goe? to
the top of the dome, but the model statue
that crowns It has eo far only been as
signed to the sky parlor.
When It came to numbering the Super
visors' chamber a great difficulty was
met. How to crowd eighteen guests in a
chamber originally designed for twelve
was a problem hard to solve. It was
finally decided that they were transients
and the overplus micht be accommodated
at Ingleside. Mayor Phelan says he does
not favnr this plan.
Anothpr objection arose about the
School Board boarding-house. School Di
rector WVbst^r has a stairway leading
from the Hoard of Education rooms to his
private apartments, which are en suite
and shared with deputies, on the upper
floor. Xow. thrse rooms are contiguous
to the entrance to Director Casserly's
polo parlors. .Mow to reconcile an armed
conflict is the wish of Superintendent of
Buildings Barnett. who will have to in
stall the proposed callbell system.
Other difficulties confront those who are
attempting to introduce this new-fangled
idf-a. The City Hall is one of the munici
pal relics, but It has never been moved
since the blR earthquake. Now, there Is
Recorder Godchaux. He Is between two
floors, and cannot tell what the number
of his office may be. He placed an order
for an engraved card plate, but had to
cancel it ponding the decision of the num
bering expert.
Down on the ground floor, the numbers
have not been as yet assigned, appor
tioned or allotted. It has been suggested
to start at the iron door of the City Hall
station which once bore the legend "City
Prison" and number that "naughty
naught." This however, seemed too sug
gestive, and until the basement Is cleared
out there will be no tags Issued for the
doors.
Special rules are now being drafted for
the proper conduct of the building.
Section 1S61 cf the Code of Civil Pro
cedure Is to be amended, and section 2 of
chapter 1 of article IV of the new charter
is to be substituted instead. This provides
that objectionable guests may be removed
at the option of the grand potentate that
runs the main office, or room 1-2-6.
The other rules which are now being
formulated will be in substance as fol
lows:
Guests are expected to occupy their
rooms for at least two years. The mu
nicipality will supply light, water and at
tendance, but in the event of any breach
of decorum the rooms must be sum
marily vacated.
Turn off the gas before leaving your
rooms. This means that lights may be
left burning where not essentially needed.
Do not drive tacks In the floor or nail
political signs on the walls. For adver
tising space apply to th? Board of Works.
Officeholders who quit before their term
of service expires will be charged full
rates.
On leaving your office bolt all doors and
leave your valuables with the proprietor.
Complaints about service should be
made at once.
Tags will be attached to all keys, and
holders thereof are expected to display
them In a conspicuous manner, so tnat
visitors seeking guests may readily ascer
tain the name and number of all incum
bents.
Other rules will be formulated from
time to time as the exigencies of the ser
vice demand.
There will be some nice printed rules
posted on the newly whitewashed walls as
soon as the-- numbering scheme Is com
pleted.
Community room?, for the benefit of
members of the Board of Supervisors and
}-5oard of Education, will be provided on
the second floor. Wardrobes for polo and
golf outfits will likewise be placed in con
venient locations. The numbers to be as
signed these rooms have not as yet been
definitely determined.
wife, and is many years his Junior. She
says she cannot understand his actions,
and even after he abandoned her after
securing his decree of divorce she claims
he frequently called upon her. In fact,
she avers that he comes to her place of
residence almost nightly and creates vari
ous* degrees of disturbance. She posi
tively denies his charge that she was un
faithful, and says she will prove that' she
Is the wronged member of the Hayden
household when the case Is next called
for hearine. 'r, -':_
MRS. JONES ASKS COTJBT
TO HEAR DIVORCE SUIT
Promise of -Her Husband
to Be Good.
Sn« Dismissed It Recently Upon the
Mrs. Mary Jones, who conducts the Lee
palmer lodging-house. CFaxxell and Ma
son streets, has petitioned Judge HebbarJ
to reopen the action for divorce she re
cently instituted against Amos M. Jones.
Mrs. Jones was wedded on April 17 lost.
In Marin County, after a brief courtship.
Jones Is many years tho Junior of the lady
and, though this is not given as the cause,
they did not get along happily together.
On December 11 last Mrs. Jones filed
suit for divorce, alleging cruelty, 'ones
finally convinced his wife that If given
another chance he would make her happy.
She believed him, and dismissed her suit
for divorce. The secret of the dismissal
was disclosed yesterdav, when Mrs. Jones
asked that the case be reopened. In her
affidavit she says that she abandoned hsr
suit for divorce upon the promise of her
husband to treat her with kindness and
consideration. She condoned his oast of
fenses, but now alleges that he soon for
got his promises and on January 14 last
beat her severely. This forced her to tha
conclusion that life with him was un
bearable. Hence tho motion, to reopen
the suit.
In thavDivorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Jnez Pate from Walter G. Pate, on
the ground of failure- to provide; Adelaide
Kinross from .William H. Kinross, for
failure to provldg; Met a D. Franzonl from
William Kranzoni, for cruelty; Kate 1«.
Whitney from Charles L. Whitney, for
cruelty; Margaret Simpson from Ezra W.
Simpson, for failure to provide: May
Fannen from James H. Fannen. for cru
elty, and Elizabeth Wood from Albert M.
Wood, for cruelty. Tho suit of Don
Mitchell for divorce* from Charles Mitchell
has been submitted for decision by Judg»>
Kerrigan. Suits for divorce were filed yes
terday as follows: On the ground of de
sertion, by Amy C. Kaber against Charles
Faber, Henrietta Gehrkens against Georgs
Gehrkens and Annie H. Wright against
Charles F. Wright: on the ground of Infi
delity, by George Reck against Agnes M.
Reck, and on the ground of failure to pro
vide, by . Lizzie W>lr against Georgo II
,Weir. • .
Dr. E. H. Mattner has - returned from
Europe and resumed' practice at 505 Van
Ness avenue.. :/ •
Farewell to I/eonora Jackson.
The many. admirers cf Leonora Jackson
In this city will have the last opportunity
of hearing this famous violinist at Sher
man, Clay & Co.'s Hall to-night. asshA
must ' leave to-morrow to fill a Portland
engagement. ';.* This modest and unassuTii
ing- young artist, who has : played before
the principal crowned heads of Europe,
has completely 'captured musical San
Francisco, and she could easily: give sev
e'ral more successful concerts here. • Her
programme will be entirely new and will
include Grieg's sonata in^F major. Wai
ther's prize song from the "Meistcrsln
ger," the < Brahms- Joachim Hungarian
dance and : compositions of Fauret, Bo
rowsky and Paganini. Miss Josephine
Elburna will sing the Jewel Song from
•"Faust'.' and several other selections, and
Selden Pratt will play a scherzo of
Chopinr Rubinstein's romance and tho
".Witches' ; Dance" by • MacDowell. - Prices
have been made popular for this occa
sion.'. " '
A workman named George Benson was
treated yesterday at the City and County
Hospital for a scalp wound, with a pos
sible fracture of the skull, caused by an
iron bar fallSnc on his head at the Union
Iron Works. Benson was standing under
the moving crane which was conveying
rr.atr-rial to the works, when the bar sllp
red from its place and struck him.
Hit by a Falling Iron Bar.
MASURT HELD TO ANSWER. - William
Masury was held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Cabanlsa yesterday on the
ohanje of burglary for entering the room of
Mrs. Julia Lincoln in the Leepalmer House and
cieallnc h»r jewelry.
JOHJT HTJSTEDTv: HANGS
HIMSELF .IN" A BARN
Discharged for Intemperance .; He
Commits Suicide; After Being
Reinstated.
John Hustedti a stableman, employed by
M. Joost & Bro., 505 Gough ¦ street, [ was
found hanging from a rafter in -the sta
bles at that address early, yesterday morn
ing by Walter Burke and Albert Speck.
Hustedt had been discharged . for intem
perance, but returned' to the stables - last
Wednesday and asked to be reinstated.
He was told to report for duty last even
ing, his employers having relented and de
cided to give him another opportunity.'. ,
I He was not seen about the stables after
that time, but made his; way to the barn
unobserved at a late hour and hanged
himself. ¦¦¦'"'-,' -
Hustedt was • a native of Germany, < o
years old, and was married. The body
was taken to the Morgue. ; •
A deficit In the police relief and pen
sion fund has been uncovered by Treas
urer Brooks, and as a. result some
of the eighty-five pensioners now on th^
list may be deprived of their pensions for
a temporary period at least. While the
deficit in the fund for the auarter endlnc
December SI amounts to about $2000 this
sum will be Increased during the two en
sulr.g quarters until It reaches a total of
at least $7000 and It mar reach a much
hlgrher flgrure. The Police Commission has
been notified of this etrl<rus state of af
fairs and the attention of the Board of
Supervisors will be calied thereto In order
that some means ma-.- be taken to pro
vide for the deflclt.
The fact that thero Is a deficit In the
fund Is due to the Insufficient provision
made by the charter for itstbeneflt. The
charter provides that the fund shall be
made up from the receipts received from
dog licenses, sale of unclaimed property,
fines imposed In the Police Court for vio
lations of certain ordinances, fines for
carrying concealed v^apons and other
sources. Each policeman must in addi
tion contribute 12 from hla monthly sal
ary. It is a fact that these sources are
Insufficient to meet the demands of the
pensions and consequently the deficit Is
growing all the time. Treasurer Brooks
cays there has been an alarming decrease
In Police Court fines, which has lessened
the fund considerably. In order to pay
pensions of the last cruarter. amounting
to $13.93S 73. it was necesrary for the treas
urer to borrow J2iXW from the general fund.
This procedure Is not countenanced by the
charter, which forbids »he borrowing from
other funds, but It was dore as a matter
of expediency.
In order to meet this condition th;
Treasurer has given notice that the de
mands of the present Quarter must bs
registered in the order of their presenta
tion, en March 31, 1WL TMs will be done
ii» Boon as the money coming in from the
sources mentioned has been exhausted.
This means that the Treasurer will be un
able to pay about $4000 < n that date, as the
$2000 borrowed last quarter from tho gen
eral fund must be renaid. It is believe 1
that the income for the fund will sensibly
decrease from now on and the pensions
will have a natural increase. The Police
Commission will of ncces?iti* not be ah!<»
to pension any more policemen until tha
financial tangle is unraveled. The onlv
way in whl^h the estimated -deficit of t'lKil
on July 1. 1901. can be wiped out is for the
Supervisors to levy a K&eclal tax for thi
n*xt fiscal year. Efforts may alco* b«
made to increase the ;evfnup. so that a
deficit raay be avoided next year.
Treasurer Brooks Reports
Startling Deficit in
the Fund.
POLICE PENSIONS
ARE IN DANGER
Attorney Kimball of the Federated Mis
sion Improvement Clubs appeared before
the Supervisors' Street Committee yester
day in opposition to the proposed fran
chise to be granted the Bay and Coast
Railway Company to enter the city at
Twenty-fourth and Illinois streets. Kim
ball said that ;f the road is to be run as
an independent line through the Mission
steps should be taken to condemn it as a
nuisance. Vigorous objection would also
be made If the company had any inten
tion of selling the privilege to the South
ern Pacific Company, he said.
"We are endeavoring now and have
been for years to effect the removal of the
Southern Pacific Company's tracks, and
we do not care to be burdened with an
other road," said Kimball. "The terms of
the ordinance granting the franchise are
not satisfactory to us. and more stringent
conditions should be imposed on the com
pany." _
Max Popper suggested that if the road
Is to be constructed it should be required
to cross streets by underground or over
head methods, and he asked that such a
condition be inserted in the ordinance.
Attorney Baggett. representing the rail
way company, stated that if the objec
tions held it would practically exclude the
building of competing railway lines. He
deprecated the insinuation that the pro
posed road was In collusion with the
Southern Pacific and would ultimately
sell out to that corporation.
"We have consented to the most oner
ous conditions to build this road." said
Baggett. "We have agreed to expend $25.
000 in construction before' next June. We
are willing to build bridges, but we can
not promise to build an underground sys
tem. I will simply say. that if any fur
thr-r delay .Is encountered the proposition
will be abandoned by the Interests I rep
resent."
The committee will meet next Monday
to consider the matter further.
Secretary Painter of the Xorth Central
Improvr-mcnt Association informed the
committee that a bill had been introduced
in the Legislature which appropriates
$123,000 to aspiPt the.citv in cutting a tun
nel through Telegraph Hill. The bill pro
vides, however, that before the appro
priation is available the city must have
c-xpended a like amount. City Engineer
Grunsky has figured the cost of the im
provement at $293,000. He asked that the
board postpone, action until the >fate of
tho bill is known.
Attorney Partridge and President
Roundey of the University Mound District
Improvement Club petitioned for the re
moval of fences obstructing streets in
that district. The petition was referred
to the Board of Public Works.
The committee again recommended the
passace of the ordinance regulating- the
use of signs and transparencies upon or
projecting over streets and sidewalks.
Mission Improvement Clubs
Urgi More Stringent
Conditions.
SOME OPPOSITION
TO COAST ROAD
Auditor Wells Is greatly Incensed at the
effort made by the Board of Trade to in
terfere in the proposed movement on foot
to pay off the city's indebtedness. Wells
received a circular yesterday signed by
F. W. Eaton, the surviving member of
the committee representing what Is desig
nated as the "associated creditors of the
city and county of San Francisco," In
which the creditors are requested to file
their claims with the secretary of the
Board of Trade for purposes of collec
tion. Attached to the circular is the fol
lowing agreement to be signed by auch
creditors;
And .we do hereby severally agree that- not
to exceed 25 per cent of the amounts of our
respective claims so collected shall be retained
by II. L. Smith to compensate and fully sat
isfy all of the expenses Incurred by the com
mittee appointed at a meeting of the merchant
creditors held August 17. 181)6.
The circular says that as the constitu
tional provision limits the entire payment
to $500,000, and the Auditor reports the
claims to bo $600,000, it will be necessary
to authorize the. waiving of interest and
to assign the sum of $lu0,000 in order to
meet the expenses.
"I cannot see how the Board of Trade
has anything to do with this affair,", said
Auditor Wells. . "I shall certainly resent
Its interference in a matter which con
cerns only the Board of Supervisors and
the Auditor. These claims are on record
in my office, and all that is necessary in
order to receive payment on them is to
make a proper presentation of them. I
certainly discountenance the paying of
any commission for their collection, as I
have already expressed myself regarding
teachers' claims. The Board of Trade will
not help matters '. in any way, and it
might Just as well abandon all Idea of so
doing. It is in error when it states that
the claims amount to more than $600,000.
My figures, recently published, place the
aggregate Indebtedness at between $300,
000 and $400,000.
-.'Regarding teachers' claims, I hold that
they cannot be paid in their present shape
out of the surplus fund. An agreement*
must be had with the Board of Supervi
sors, which will permit them to be put In
Judgment. The city may then waive an
appeal and the surplus fund be used for
the purpose indicated.
"Regarding City Attorney Lane's opin
ion that the surplus fund can only be used
for municipal betterment, I take the stand
that no better use can be made of th«s
surplus fund of this year than to pay tha
clty'3 Indebtedness. If the debt Is to be
paid at all there is no way in which it
would be felt less by the taxpayers. . Un
less the .present surplus fund is so used
no part of the old Indebtedness of the city
will be paid during the term of the pres
ent city officials. It is right that this
money should be so : expended, and such
action would be approved by the people.
To withhold payment longer now that we
have the money is disgraceful.".-
Says It Has No Right to
Meddle in Collection
of Claims.
AUDITOR ASSAILS
BOARD OF TRADE
JUDGE KERRIGAN has Bet aside
the default entered against Jose
phine Hayden In the action for di
vorce Instituted by Edwin Hay
den, manager of the Hayden
Packing Company, and the brief freedom
enjoyed by the plaintiff under the decree
is at an end. Mrs. Hayden asserts that !
the decree of divorce was procured by
her husband through fraud; that while
ho was quietly proceeding against her In
the courts they were living together, and.
she thought, happily. Under the order
made by Judge Kerrigan she is granted
the right to file answer to Hayden s com
plaint. Join the Issues and present her de
fense
The litigants were married In this city
in 18S9. For several years they lived con
tentedly together, but one night there was
a quarrel. Mrs. Hayden, who is now re
siding In a rooming house at Stockton
street and Broadway, alleges that her .
husband packed her trunks, Jostled them
out of their home, 1527 California street,
and ordered them taken to a lodging
house on»Turk and Taylor streets, where
ho Informed her she would henceforth
make her residence. There was nothing
for her to do but to obey.
Not long after this Incident Hayden
filed suit for divorce. He charged her
with having Improper relations with
Charles D. Cole. Being Ignorant of the
fact that the divorce suit was being
pressed by her husband, she says he
came to see her. She explained that she
was practically penniless, they adjusted
their differences, she claims, and again re
sumed the relations of husband and wife.
While still llrlng together she claims* ho
entered a default against her In his suit
for divorce, produced testimony in sup
port of his charges against her and se
cured his decree. Then, she says, he
abandoned her, left her penniless, and her
trunks are now held by the boarding
house keeper to secure the payment of
her bill. •
After telling her story In court yester
day Judge Kerrigan ordered the decree
vacated and set aside the default. He
then heard testimony on her application
for alimony in the sum of $100 a month,
costs of action and counsel fees. She tes
tified that from his interest in the Hay
den Packing Company he received a
monthly Income of $300. . Hayden took
the stand and denied her allegations. He
said he only had sufficient money for his
own immediate needs and could not pay
the sum demanded by Mrs.' Hayden. The
court will hear further testimony next
Friday.
Mrs. Hayden is the plaintiff's second
P. F. Ferguson. H. M. Englander. Thomas P.
Perry. H. J. T. Jacobson. Clifford Cogglns,
Alphonse Judls. J. G. McGeorue, G. Scal
n:aninl, A. B. Scalmanini, H. C. Shaertzer,
Thomas I. Janes, John Cassaretto, C. F. Gard
ner, W. B. Cope, W. Gregg Jr., George W.
Kline. R. E. Miller. T. S. Miller. Max Gold
man. James R. Ogilvle. T. K. Wittich, John
R. Jones, J. F. Fleming, R. F. Tilton, Ben
Clark, L. A. Larsen.
At the close of the ceremony and the
tendering of congratulations there was an
adjournment to the banauet hall, where
300 partook of. an elaborate supper. Frank
B. L-add, the venerable master of Kadosh,
was the toaatmaster, and during the even-
Ing there were ' addresses . appropriate to
the occasion by Past Grand: Master C. L.
Patton. W. Frank Pierce; Inspector Gen
eral Will H. Crocker. Frank C. Van
Schalck, James A. Wilson,' Charles rW.
Con'Jsk, Harry J. Lask and a number of
others. A number of songs were rendere/1
by Messrs. Wittich. Jones, Fleming, Til
top, Clark and- Larsen. ,
i
Stanford Parlor No. 78, the elite parlor
of the Native Sons of the Golden We3t.
gave Its fifteenth anniversary ball in the
main hall of the Native Sons' building,
last nlsht, and It proved to be the best
of the many social functions that this
parlor has given. Ths decorations, by A.
F. Schleicher, one of the members, were
the most unique ever seen In the hall. Tl.e
mural effects and those on the gallery and
the stage were Chinese— thi-t is, banners.
Hags and draperies artistically arranged,
while in the center hung a dream of deco
rative art illumined by seventy electric
lights. The arrangement, novel In a ball
room, was most enchanting and won the
commendations of all who were in the
room. The members of the several con
mlttees, in lieu of the ordinary badges,
wore long silken tassels of different col
ors, according to the commivtve on which
they served. And to carry the Oriental
idea still further the orchestra played as
an introductory to the grand march a se
lection from the Chinese opera of "Chan
Tow" that was composed for the Dowager
Empress of China. '
Owing to the unavoidable absence of |
William D. Hynes, floor director, the
grand march was led by Bruce Cornwall,
his assistant, and Miss Florence Scatena.
Every one who was In the march was at- |
tired in full evening dress, many of the
gowns worn by the ladies b'eing the £-cme
of modiste's designs. - |
Those who composed the floor commit- «
tee wero Arthur \V. Dollard. Alfred J.
Fritz, Joseph \V. Hardiman. Daniel O'Cal- :
laghan. Thomas P. Ryan, A.- F. Schlelch
er, S. O. Stanyan. J. J. Van Nostrand. I
Henry Van Valkenburgh and P. J. Vv'enl
ger. Henry. S. Martin was the chairman
of the reception committee,- composed of
William A. Deane, A. F. Glanninl. Joseph
Greenberg. William P. Humphreys, Fred
H. Jung. Charles H. Kendrick. Frank H.
Kerrigan. Henry B. Kugler, John J. Ler
man, J. W. Lewis, John J. McCarthy anl
Robert Schord.
Among those who accepted the invita
tion and enjoyed the hospitality of the
parlor were the following-:
B. Schord, the MW?es Rankln. J. W. Lewis.
Mrs. J. W. Lewis, L. A. Kelly, Mrs. L. A.
Kelly. R. F.~ Monges, Miss Gladys Delzelle.
Joseph AV. Hardtman, Miss M. E. Keegan. Miss
M. Ousten. Miss C. Ousten. Charles V. Drady,
Miss Christine Daly, F. W. Winders, Thomas
B. Ryan, Miss Marguerite Ryan, A. F.
Schlelcher. Mrs. pehlatrher, Mrs. Ed Plosson,
W. F. Lincoln. Miss C. Tobln. Mr. and Mrs.
P. J. Weinger, Miss Llllie Tobln. Mr. and
Mrs. R. Lachmnn, Gecrge W. Sprlnper, Miss
Margaret McCarty. Thomas Green, Miss May
Shean, Miss Grace Shcan. Miss Anna Shean.
Mrs. James E. Shean, Ed Smith, Miss Lulu
Sullivan Actor Harvey, Miss L>. Malm. Mrs.
R. Wood, T. I. Fltzpatrii-k, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam F. Cordes, Mrs. H. M. Owens. James
Matthews, C. P. Hale, Mlrs Price, Percy
Henderson, Miss Mamie Nealon. Miss Cassle
Welch. James n. Morrison. Mrs. Morrison.
Miss Alice Kenny. J. Ortenberg. P. J. Marten
stein. Mrs. P. J. Martenstein. Miss N. Ken
drlck. Miss R. fulllvan, A. l>. Artlgues. Miss
Artlgues, Mrs. H. Harding Brown, Sanford G.
Lfiwald. J. M. CampoJonlco. W. H. Kedlam,
Miss Nellie Mate. Mrs C. Moore, Miss Madge
Collum, J. Emmrtt Hayden. J. F. Jackson,
Mrs. J. F. Jackson, Mr3. S. Hawkins, Mrs. II.
Herzer, Miss Belle Herzer, Mrs. E. Carrera.
J. N. Colter, Mrs. J. N. Colter. Joseph A.
Kendrlck. Miss A. Kendrlck. MIes J. C. Flood.
l>anl»l F. Murphy. Paul P. de I^os; Mlsa Maude
Mulville. Miss Eva Mulville. Sidney S. Smith.
Mrs. Sidney S. Smith. Miss Flora Smith,
Miss Gleason, William H. Dick. Mrs. W. H.
Dick. E. G. Fisher. Mrs. E. G. Fisher. Wi'.l
I... Wholan. Mrs. W. L.. Whelan, Miss Baker.
Bernard Pierre Laimchet. Miss Kenny. Miss
Baker. A. W. Smith. Arthur W. Dollard. Miss
Floyd Foster, Mr.'and Mrs. J.Peterson. Mr.and
Mrs. E. J. Dollard. John Douglass. Mrs. Doug
lass. A. Auradou. L«uls Springer. Miss Gertrude
Sprlnsrer, Miss Mamie Springer. J. J. Glldea.
Mrs. M. Abrahams. Miss C. M % Kelsey. E. C.
Stock. Dr. B. F. McElroy, W. P. Cathcart. H.
Human. Miss S. Schafer, A. F. Bernard, Mrs
A. F. Bernard. Miss Celestlne Bernard, L. Q.
Haven, L. A. Stelger, L. S. Altken. Mrs. L. 8.
Altken. A. Dolan. Mrs. Josephine Mulcare.
Miss C. Doran, Mr. and Mrs. Coyle. J. H.
Strehl, Charles A. Mornghan, Miss Elsie Mor
aghan. Colonel Charles Sonntag, Miss Frances
Smith, A. M. McDonald, Dr. T. M. Smith, Dr.
O. N. Van Orden. Miss E. M. Van Orden. H.
EKjnegan. Henry D. Lansing. Mrs. H. I>. Lan
sing, Percy C. Wlndham, MIbs J. McDonald,
Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Head. Miss Harrison. Har
ry J. Mahoney. Miss Margaret Murphy. H. Van
Valkenburgh, Miss Dores Heuer. Miss Ethel
McCormlck. K. O. Rleser, Mrs. E. O. Rieser,
A. G. Suaden. Miss Ia Gilbert, C. Hay
den. Thomas ¦ F. Barry, Miss Nellie M.
McMahon. W. C. Keogh, Miss Clara
KeoKh, Miss Bert, James Gaffney. Dr.
J. W. Key. Miss Norwood. G. H. Stehi,
Mlsa K. A. Bode. Mlsa Kelsler. Miss Doyle.
Charles Francis Ratto, K. Gonzales. George
Hammersmith. Mrs. C H. Maass, . John
J. McCarthy. Mrs. J. J. McCarthy.
Mrs. Anna Duffy. P. F. McCarthy, Mrs.
P. F. McCarthy.- Philip Heuer. George S. Mc-
Pherson, J. I. Mahoney. MIfs West. Thomas W.
Brooks, Miss Jane CalIahan, w G. B. BeardRley
Jr.,' Fred H. Jung, Mlsa I.^onle Jung, Mrs.
Leonle Jung. William Westerfeld. Miss Lillian
I.ubben. Mrs. John Lubben, C. H. Stanyan, Mrs.
C. H. Sta/iyan. Miss May Stanyan, .1. H. Van
Nostrand. Miss Dealey. A. J. Fritz. S. p. Stan
yan. Mrs. L. M. Nlblock. A. C Trautvetter,
Mrs. A. C. Trautvetter. Mrs. L. M. Wetting,
Wllltnm E. S. Schord. Dr. M. H. Schord. Wll-
Ham E. Cornwall, Dr. William Browning, Perry
L. Johnson, Mrs. P. L#. Johnson, Dr. C H.
Carlson. Mrs. C. H. Carlson. J. M. Parker. W.
P. Jogcr, D. A. Curtln, Mrs. D. A. Curtln,
Miss Bert Maher, Bruce Large. Miss Stephens,
Judge C. T. Conlan, Mrs. O. T. Conlan, Mlsb
D. A. Mulville. Harry M. Kelly. Miss S. Mooney,
Charles T. Granz. Miss Monahan. Frank Roop
A. Voigt. James J. Welsh. Miss G. 'Welsh. John
H. Sheehan, Miss Devlin. Daniel A. Ryan,
Charts Clark. P. J. Farrell, Leo E. Devere.
Miss Marie Conlch, John J. Lermen, Mrs. J. J.
Lermen.
Seventy-Seven Solicitants Admitted
With Marked Ceremonies.
The largest class of candidates to take
the thirty-second degree of Masonry. al3o
known as the decree of the Sublime Prlt:e
of the Royal Secret, ever known In San
Francisco received the same last night In
the Masonic Temple from the officers of
the San Francisco Consistory, Ancient
and Accepted Scottish Rite of Masonry
The. hall In which the decree was con
ferred was arranged as It nevec before,
had been prepared, find it presented a"
scene that was calculated to Impress the
sollcitants who were entitled to r* eel ve
the degree with the grandeur of the high
est degree but one In Masonry. The work
was performed In a manner that won for
the officers many words of praise. The
officers of the consistory arc: ¦¦_¦:-
V. mnnter of Kadosh, Frank B. Ladd;. prior"
Frank C. Van Schalck: sub-prior. James A
Wilson; chancellor, Charles W. Conllsk; min
ister of Rtate; - Harry J. Lask; almoner, Wil
liam S. Moses; registrar, Henry Burner; treas
urer, Samuel AW Levy; prelate. Robert B.
A'lan; master of ceremonies,' Joseph D.
Atrams; senior expert, Henry J. Grauerholz*
j anlor expert. George . G. Gauld : master of
guard, A. J. de Lamare; tyler, John d'Arey.
; The solicltants en titled to this degree,
seventy-seven In number, were:
E. E. W'llcox. G. G. Parsons. R. L. Hflr
firove. J. W. Rlnckel, J. G. Roberts, .V H
Byars. W. -A. Fish. C. C. Smith. 'F. D. Monck
tc-n, -George Fllmer. Henry ;\ Mauser. C. J
Br-uer.. N. L. Nelson.- L. A.; Murch. TV
Karris. W. M. Brown. E. P. Ilulme, Theodore
Gruenhagen. C. H. Gruenhajren,!.. A. Lirsen
A. Andrews, A. Fodera, M. ' I. Koshland. A
M. .Armer; H. S. '•-. Manhelm, 8.' S. Hollub
Alexander Goldstein, t E." R. •• * Bryant' F V
Keesllnir. S. F. > Walter. H. G. W. . Dlnkelapieli
L. P. I>unand. A.* Hromada, George ' Ren,ner.
.1. II. Rrunlngs. Joseph Eastwood. J. " B. Bo
ca rde. -J. W. Relss, Christian " Strom.' L C
Stephens. Theodore Conn. . W. J. Plunlcett
James M. Gleaves.' J. . P. Becker, ' J. ' C. Zeller
liach. I. Zellerbach, 'Alexander * Woodslde, E.
A. Hermann, C. C. Patrldge, N. H. Baugnman.
Novel Effect in Decorations, Chinese
Banners and Flags— Music
From Opera of "Chan
Stanford No. 76 of the Na
tive Sons Gives a
Grand Ball.
ELITE PARLOR'S
ANNUAL DANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCOrUALIJ, JFKIDAY, Jj'JEJ3KUAKr 22, 19O1. '
New Departure in Municipal Pile Causes Many Strange
Complications Among the Employes and Policemen
and May Render Necessary \ Additional Attaches
CITY HALL ROOMS ARE NUMBERED
FROM GARRET TO FOUNDATION
12
MASONIC DEGREE CONFERRED.
A D VEBTISKMENTS.
A: POOR: BREAKFAST.
Very Few People Eat a Good Break-
l f aat.
'."All I want for breakfast Is 'a roll and
a cup of coffee." • •
This remark Is heard not only In hotels,
restaurants and lunch rooms, but it Is the
usual breakfast order. In the home circle
as well. After- a twelve hours' fast It
would seem that the first meal of the
day should be a hearty, substantial one.
and If we all 'lived natural, unartiflclal
lives, it would be so, but none of us do
hence breakfast is a mere pretense.
Says a latter-day philosopher: "During
many years of active business life, I never
remember having eaten a good, substan-
tial breakfast, but supposed it was of no
Importance until I bc-gan to loss appetite
for lunch and dinner. ¦¦<¦:>
"My physician told me I was a victim of
nervous dyspepsia and must take rest and
recreation, as no medicine would reach
the.trouble, but -'this advice I could not
follow, as my business affairs would not
permit It; and to gH relief I resorted to
medicines and prescriptions, and It was
purely accidental that I hit upon one rem-
edy which did the business. While in a
drug store one eveninsr I noticed a number
of people buying Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets, a widely advertised preparation for
stomach troubles, and the force of ex-
ample was too much for me and I bought
a fifty-cent, package.
"I took atabletor two after each meal,
and In a week my appetite picked up, I
began to: feel my old ambition for work
returning and could cat a good breakfast
because I wanted it. and from that time
to this I take Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
as regularly as. I take my meals, not be-
causo I now have any trouble with my
stomach, but because I don't want to
have.
¦ -"A -fifty-cent box of Stuart's Tablets
will last me a month and keep my diges-
tion In good order, and I know of no bet-
ter investment a business man can make."
h^S^TalraSr r^t^ovca the. stomach g
HL w JB M terror of lard-made B
ADVKKTIRV.IVl KNTHL
The Money-Saving
Furniture and Carpet
HOUSE.
SPECIAL DISCOUNT SALE
For Only 9 Days More.
We will continue to elve 20 per
cent discount for cash on Bedroom
Suits and ChnTonlers. and In addi-
tion to these will give the same
discount on 20 varieties of Folding
Beds and Livdiw* Writing I>esks.
Willow Rockers and Chairs.
Our prices have always been
lower than other stores, yet if you
buy for cash you can make 20 per
cent on these goods for the next
nine days. .
Ten per cent discount on every-
thing else anyway.
SOME GOOD THINGS TO BUY:
3-pIece Quartered Oak Bedroom
Suit, regular price $42.00,000.60
now v00
E left ant Chiffonier*, highly pol-
ished, regular price (01,30
$20.50, now $1 1
Ladies* Desk, re&alai* r I0.SO
prlco S16.0O, now.. :$l£
CASH OR CREDIT. I
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1015-1017 Market St.,"
Opposite Taylor, Saa Francisco.
Telephone South STL
mi iiiiiii ¦ mi FMttmm ¦fimiwniiiiiniTT
j DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEOICA'e
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD.LIVER.UJNGS.
DR.MCNULTY.
T? IS 7 r ,?LL- KXOW^ AI "> RELIABLE OLD
X SpecUUst curet Blood Poison, Uonorrbcea.Giws.
hi JH^r 1 SemIn al w eaWnes*. Impotence »od their
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases o* Men, fre«.
P. v tv°,f ea">xper!ence.T>rnn reasonable. Hour%
9tO-<JaIly;6:30to8.30ev > g». Rnndays.lOto li e«>n.-.i:l-
tationfreeaadsacredly confidential. Can oraddreu
P. ROMCOK 3ICXCI.TY. M. D.
26>;Kcarny8t» Man Francisco. C;»-
"DT3TTQ1JI7Q for barbers, bak-
Bit U bllLb s^-ggiss- t r£
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmtlls. foundrtes, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, ata-
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
.^patents!. J
V" 1^ y " " " "™ ' " L L ' Vf Crt? */*
ry\ MARKFT ST. 5vF
X^> 3 3S Q j?i Laflln .t Rind Waterproof
8 • I owl ¥k Smokeless Powder, in bulk
¦ m H 1 8*3 anfl loadt>il lri shells.. Sen.!
H » S yiWR h ' cr catalogue of sporting
%** fl 1b *hry roods. CEO. \V. 5HREVC,
739 Market St.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD VSE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health ami
•trength to sexual organs. Dtpct, £3 Market.
A personal experience story.
Special reporter acts as "supe"
In • the Bernhardt-Coquelin
company. Sketches of behind
the scenes and of the true
character of the French actor
and actress, as it has. never
been presented to the public
before. ) Next Sunday's Call.
Do not forget. ' It is unique.