One Hundred and Twenty - imo
Lives Go Do^vn to Boom on ttife
Ill-Fated Stean^iMin F^
Returning From 4he Orient
Vessel Strikes on |Hg^^^p^^M
Rocks and Sinks M Dawn#D#
DEATH ACHIEVES A DREAD
TRIUMPH AT THE GOLDEN GATE
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 85.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY,. FEBRUARY 23; 1901V
THE Pacific Mail
steamship City of Rio
de Janeiro went down
vesterda\ r morninsr at
the Golden Gate and
one hundred and
twenty-two human lives and a
king's ransom in treasure were
deatlrs harvest of horror for the
day. Within the harbor which
should have meanP security after
a voyage of storm and distress,
human beings struggled, and
fought for their lives, not against
the elements, for the sea was an
calm as a -sea ( of • glass and ; the
winds were stilled, but against the
death damage that the rocks" had
done. ¦
Wrapped in a shroud of /fog,
within hearing and it seemed al
most within a stone's throw of the
city, these human creatures met
death in its most .awe inspiring,
dread form/The accident in every
phase was without parallel in ma
rine disasters on this coast. Other
ships had sunk' at sea .in the midst
of frightful storms. ' .Others : had
foundered because "of their dWi
incapacity, to struggle against the
elements, but* the f City of Rio de
Janeirp,' after a 'journey of thou
sands of milesi thrbugh'storm and
violent' weatlier^struck upon the
rocks and went'down in its home
port.;
Neaping the Harbor,
Nothing so horrifying has ever
appeared on the; Pacific Coast.
.Early! in. the morning the news of
the' disaster was -received- in this
city and excitement of . the, rnosr
.intense kind r pervaded ever} r . cir
cle, and phase of life. '• Savers were
warned, ships 'were | sent *: out,
thousands .'.upon' thousands '•'.; of
people. traveled-'towardithe.beach
to see sometliiing' of the wrecked
ship from. ithe : heights ; on i the
western shore , of : the town. .But
nothing coukl)be seen. ".The; bay
was as still as ;a;lake and" not even
wreckage indicated the locality of
the vessel . whichj had :been- T dobm-
Jed ' by. a most 'remarkable i fate. ,:
j.:|Here>n'd.'tKe£e';oat^^
beach > a '.} dead^body x- floated J oiit
from'; the; water.' ». .Fishermen Am
small craft ' hovered afiout^ the
f scene! and j lifeboats patrolled ¦ the
¦ waters,' but nothirig.bf ithe sunken
¦ ship appeared. V) While 'thousands
• hastened ~ toward :. ; the .western
heights,' throngs t hurried > to - the
; Morgue,' and to'the officesof the
I Pacific J^ail Steamship. (^qrnpany.
kvlearn something- of those who
Had been lost orsaved,'b'ut no in
formation .could .b.e . given, .not
even a, roster -of : the. passengers,
{justj at,' dafkV qii^Thursday night
'¦ tKetvesselrwhichiwasisoJsoonito
{•'meet! itsJ.doomVwas f nearing';-* the
vHea^ds: The^lights nn;- the^Clift
House could be seen and the
decks of r the ship were crowded
with , passengers, . officers and
crew, • glad for = a • vision of the
home land after the long and dan
gerous journey across the seas.
Last Night at Sea.
• The night was clear and pleas
ant,' but Captain Ward, the com
mander of the vessel; accepted a
pilot, Captain Frederick Jordan,
who Hs' reputed "to be one of the
most [expert and careful pilots on
the 'coast/ And ; now between that
reputation" and' the conduct of the
dead captain of the City of Rio de
Janeiro must rest the responsi
bility for the doom of one hun
dred and twenty-two human Jives
and the loss of more than $1,800,
ooo in property. This responsi
bility belongs to one of them or
to the other, or perhaps to both.
Captain Jordan boarded the ship
and ¦ at 7 o'clock, the fog having
settled down like a great black
pall, it was decided to anchor out
side for the night.
The lights of the shore 'disap
peared and for another night pas-
SCENE OF WILD ALAI^ AS CAPTAIN W^RD ORDERS FIRST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Continued on Page Three.
'ordered his officers-to the boats,
and then performed the most
Officials of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company declare that
the responsibility must rest whol
ly upon the unfortunate captain
who went down with his ship. It
is claimed that a pilot is employed
solely for the purpose of acting
in an advisory capacity and that
he does not take command of the
ship. He is to act solely in sug-'
gestion and to warn the com
mander of the incoming vessel if
anything unusual has happened in
the harbor since he left. If this
be the habit of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company it is. in viola
tion of a universal custcm at this
port.
Crashed on the Rocks.
With pilot and captain on the
bridge the City of Rio de Ja
neiro passed through the Heads.
She was in the harbor of San
Francisco. Her long journey
was ended. Within an hour she
should have been in sight of the
town, past all danger. The fog
which enveloped her and which
shut out the western heights o!
the city and which made it impos
sible for the men upon the bridge
to see the crew at wdrk below,
was thicker than ever, it seemed,
but 'the commander hoped that it
would soon rise. Then came the
Then slowly again the great
shroud of fog fell upon the sea
and the bay. Denser it seemed
than before, but the two captains
on the bridge decided to go
ahead. Upon whom shall rest the
awful responsibility for the great
loss of a ship and its cargo and the
greater -Joss of one hundred and
twenty-two* lives, a court of in
quiry must determine. There is
in the service of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company a standing
order to even* captain employed
by that corporation not to leave a
harbor nor to enter one in the
fog. Captain Ward disobeyed
that order. There is also a uni
versal principle that when a pilot
steps on board a vessel he is. ab
solutely master of the ship and
can be swayed in no possible way
by any order or suggestion of the
master of the ship. Captain
Frederick Jordan violated .'that
principle.^
Responsibility.
?cncers and crew settled them
selves in patience. Warning
liprits were fixed upon the vessel
and now and again her siren
sounded its hoarse signals. At 4
o'clock yesterday morning the
fog cleared, and again the Cliff
House, a beacon and a welcome
after the long^ journey, could be
seen. There was movement upon
the ship even at that hour. Many
of the pa?senjrcrs were astir, for
they were impatient and eager for
another <^limp?e of land and the
prospect of home. For thou
sands of miles in the ocean they
had been haunted by death and
within two hours in the blackness
and in the silence of the sea they
were to meet him 1 guarding tn e
Golden G2te. As the fog lifted
Captain Ward and Pilot Jordan
went upon the bridge and the or
ders of preparation to move into
the bay were given. The anchor
was weighed and the ship moved
slowly ahead, everybody on
board feeling the thrill of antici
pation.
Confusion reigned absolutely
supreme, for it seemed that all
would be lost. Captain Ward
The ship had struck on the
rocks. Not an officer on board
could mistake that..so,und. \ Cap
tain Ward issued his orders to de
termine what the. damage Was. It
was reported to him that ten feet
of water was already in the for
ward hold and twenty feet! amid
ships. What followed on the
doomed ship can only be told by
the survivors and it is a story of
utmost horror. Jutting out froni
Fort Point is a shoal which' ex
tends in a northeasterly direction. |
Upon the very outer rocks of this
projection the City of. Rio de Ja
neiro had crashed and a great,
gaping hole had been ripped in
her hull. It seerued that almost \
instantly the vessel began to set- \
tie. Captain Ward hastened
from his post and personally su
perintended the work of alarming,
the passengers and hastening
them to the decks: Men, women |
and children rushed" screaming,
shouting, crying up to the decks
and could see nothing around the
sinking ship but the black, dense -
fog. The Chinese crew and pas
sengers went mad with fear. They
fought and scrambled to get out
upon the decks.
Heroism to Women.
ominous, grating, shuddering,
dread-inspiring souiid from be :
low.
ASIATIC STEERAGE PASSENGERS
TAKATA AND WIFE, SAMURAI, ODI. F. SITO, W. SAWAJI, Z> YA5IADA* T. KAWAMURA
MRS. DIKA HAMASOKE, MISS HOKIASEKI, MISS HEMASEKI, SENIJIRO TAMAURA ASIATIC
» STEEEAGE PASSENGERS NAMES NOT KNOWN— 31. ¦ : ; ; ;
PASSENGERS.
CASPAH. WILLIAM. Honolulu.
EODD, DB. A. W.. Honolulu, dentist-
DOWDALL, CHARLES, ShanghaL
FONG CSEOIJG, Honolulu, student en route to
Europe.
GUSSINO, A., Honolulu. . .
GUYON. HENRY, Honolulu.
EEUSHAIL, W. A., Honolulu, lawyer, married to
one of the Afong girls.
HART, A., and wife, Shanghai, merchant
HAWLEY. E. C, joined at Honolulu.
JACOX, CHASLES E.. Honolulu.
OFFICERS AND CREW OF THE RIO DE JANEIRO.
CAPTAIN WILLIAM WARD.
FIRST OFFICER J. C. JOHNSON.
PURSER JOHN SO ONE Y.
THIRD OFFICER C. J. HOLLAND.
QUARTERMASTER DOMANIC.
QUAETEEMASTEE BRIGHTON.
FJRST ASSISTANT ENGINEER R. J. MACCOUN.
SECOND ASSISTANT ENGINEER T. H. BRADY.
THIRD ASSISTANT ENGINEER W. A. MTJNROE.
WATER-TEW DEB T. SMITH.
WATER-TENDER H. LEWIS. ' -
OILEJt F. GREENWAY. , .
OILER H.. WATTS.
OILER W. SMITH. *
STEWARD H. A. SCOTT. \ . V
STEWARDESS MRS;.J. C. DORM AN. - - .^ :
BUTCHEB \ EDWABD BARWICK. > '¦., • "
SALOON WATCHMAN ALBERT MALCOLM. >
I STEERAGE WATCHMAN — . McARTHTJR. A "
Chinese crew, names not known. '¦'. \'\ T
THE DEAD.
Some escaped to the harbor in
boats,: others floated l.oh pieces^of
'wreckage until tHey--\vere-lrpieked J
up by -Italian fishermen, 1 and;; still .
others weTe"rescued Hy~"men from,
various vessels in the' bay/ No
absolute information of the dis
a'ster reached -the; cfty until 7:30
other boats were being launched
and met a kinder fate, but it seem
ed only an instant after that, with
a terrific sound, the City of Rio
de Janeiro sank. >The:waters of
the bay were hurled into volumes
of foam, seething around masses
of- wreckage", and human bodies.
Just as the great vessel sank her
enormous boilers, burst and shat
tered the entire upper., structure
of the ship into splinters. '
At 5:20 o'clock the ship struck
upon the rocks -and it-is believed
that she sank at 5:33 o'clock.' As,
she disappeared,"njost. of her pas
s^eiigers and crew~\yere« taken
down with her and only by the
strangest chance^ey'er again arose
to tlie surface. ( .^ A -
Paid a Dread- Penalty.
tragic, dramatic act of heroism in
the whole dreadful catastrophe.
With command and gesture and
. personal insistence, he demanded
; that the \yomen-must be allowed
\ first intothe boats. Quickly and
more quickly i the. ship was- sink
a ipg-, butxreu* and officers worked
desperate energy., ..A. J?Q at
iwas^Jauncned; and into it ; foiir
w0men and two men were qtrlck
v;ly2lowered. The last of the four
\\Nqmen, the wife of Consul Gen
.;era\-Wildman of Hongkong, had
• jiist'v: -been safely seated,, when
-down "the .ladder went Pilot Jor
danrwith.the child oLMrs. Wild-.
> man in his arms. ; Screaming in
terrQr ilie, little one., gcaspecl ' him
frantically: around' the .neck 'Jwhile'
.the-hnsbahcr^ncr- -father^ Consul
General -Wi kiman , stepped over
thejjide gfahe ship^ancl placed his ; .
lect^pon the ladder.. .Ijust at. tliat v
¦moment ,a. spar from one of the ;
:;-masts^carnehuVtling, through, the ¦
vair and cut -the lifeljpat lri^itvtd:
Death \\^sirreyirable. , " * •" ; ; \
• '¦ Wihilei. ' : tl ji.s\ \va5 l ... happening '.
SCENES OF TERROR MARK THIS HORROR OF THE SEA
THEE S JL"VEDD.
PASSENGERS.
BRANDER, WILLIAM, London, capitalist.
CARPENTER, J. K., Oakland, capitalist.
HECHT, CAPTAIN, German navy.
HARPER,' RUSSELL, correspondent, from Kobe.
HOLTZ, K., Shanghai.
LONG, R. H., from Honolulu.
LEHRAHEN, MISS G., joined at Honolulu*
IWADA,"J.j- from Honolulu.
NUSENBATJM, MB.y jo ined at -Honolulu'
MUSSENBLATT/PHILIP, Oakland: . -
RIPLEY, MRS: FRANCES, joined at Honolulu
WEST, MRS. K., nurse, from Hongkong.
OFFICERS AND CREW OF; THE RIO? DE JANEIRO.
BORGE, E. N., storekeeper.
COGHLAN, G., second officer. \[
DONAHUE, H., steerage steward.
ENGLEHARDT, E. J., freight clerk.
HKK.LIHY, P. J., chief engineer. »
LENK, D., water-tender. ..
LINPSTKOM, — ., quart ennastere
MATHISON, — ., quartermaster.
O'NEILL; A. A., .surgeon..:, ; < * i ',!
RUSSELL, C, main-deck watchman.
TBAMP, FRANX,'! carpenter. f ; s ;
STEERAGE CHINESE AND J&SJUSi 3E— 1 5.
CHINESE CREW--41. . .'-, .
SUMMARY.
'-; Cabin passengen. . . ........ . .'. ........ . , v . .* 29 ' '•" ~in : ¦ uv^' : > ~
Second class .... ......... ... . . . . ...... \ \'.,.' 7I . .5 : , .¦©/'-
Asiatic steerage,. . '. . ] . 58 ' 43 15
Ship's officers . ... ....:..... .... ... . . ... .v.' 30 - 'in- -"- " n ' ;
Asiatic crew . . .............. ..:..... . .'. . . V -77 ,V ¦ X -36 - : «:
¦ -^ al ;;,*'i: * •'• •-•' • * • * • • • ''¦- • • - •••••-• 201 ;¦¦¦ ¦v'.Sy/ >'; : .' ,79. : : ¦"
The following passengers who started on the Eiode Janeiro frbmVvarious*Asiaticijoints left her"
at Honolulu; on stopover tickets: - H. S. Olcott from Yokohama, Mr^Heiza f rom^S^^ld^d^c^
', tan from: Shanghai,-, W. M. Castle and wife from Hongkong, W. Close from Hongkong ! ; Mrs" C K. ? Me-
Intosh from Hongkong, L. Harn from, Shanghai. /¦"' . . . .• r '.; V-. v '.
morning, the fog lifted and the
day was clear enough toihave per
mitted, a novice to steer a vessel
through the Golden Gate. - At
7:3oo'clock in the morning Cap
tain Ward and Pilot Jordan could
have entered the Golden Gate in
absolute safety. They risked the
attempt two hours earlier and
one hundred and twenty-two hu
man ' lives paid for -their; hazard.
All day. long small boats, fishing"
smacks and tugs hovered around
the scene of the disaster picking
up here and there some article of
small; value and grappling with
the' hope that the sunken > vessel
might be located. , Lifeboats from ...
the. Federal station patrolled Yhe r
waters, but no one could -tell-
o'clock,; nearly two Hours' after
death had claimed ; its victims. ¦'¦ .A;
boat load of the • rescued reached
Meiggs wharf at. that: .'hour .and
then the alarm was given. All
haste was made to sends assist?
ance, but when the boats bent on
rescue reached Hhe; scene not, a
Vestige of the great ship was .vis
; . She. had sunk absolutely out of
sight there was; not even a;
ripple of the waves to indicate
where she had disappeared! Here
and there" a fragment* .,of ".her ; su
perstructure drifted, but indicated
nothing, of i; the location "of .; the
wrecked^ yesseli IrV .the \ ,early
It is estimated that more than
15,000 people crowded the
heights from the Cliff House to
Bakers Beach, but although they
watched for hours, they could see
nothing out of the usual. Early
in the day several bodies were
washed ashore or picked up and
taken to the Morgue. Some of
the fishermen who prowled the
of the bay in the neigh
borhood of the wreck picked up a
mail pouch which had contained
registered mail. It had been ri
fled and told its own story of an
unspeakable crime. Whether or
not this theft was committed on
board while men and women
were in the agony of approaching
death, no one can tell. It may
have drifted from the wreck and
been secured by some marauding
bay thief. The rifled pouch wa3
brought to the city by some Ital-
where the City of Rio de Janeiro
Cost of the Disaster.
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, -iSATURDilY, FEBRUARY 23, 11)01.
2
JEHU, MISS R., of Alameda.
KAWAHARA, 0., and wife. Honolulu.
MATHESON, H. C, Yokohama, merchant'
REIDY, MISS KATE, nurse to Wildman patty. ...
SEYMOUR, H. F., Hongkong. ;i .-:.-:. •;;"
WAKEFIELD, MRS. S. B., and daughter Naomi,
of Oakland. . • :/ * ;
WOODWOETH, MRS. W. A., Honolulu. > f ?••>=¦-•
W00DW0RTH, MISS, Honolulu. . > ¦
WILDMAN, HOUNSEVELLE, Consul ..GenVral 1 .: of:
United States, Hongkong, wife and two chilr
dren. v .
THE SHIP FILLED FORWARD AND SANK.
. .To . Cure, th« Grip in Two Days T
. Laxative Bromo-Quinine removes • the cause.* '
ADyEBTISEMEIfTS.
This Month
i Danger to health is .especially great.
, You can best prevent illness by talc-'
ing Hood's Sarsaparilla to keep your"
"Wood pure, sustain your appetite and
build up your strength.
a If you think you are attacked by the
grip or severe cold, the first and best .
thing to do is to open the bowels with
a good dose of Hood's Pills.
These are good suggestions. Iffol- .
lowed they may save you many ills and '
; doctor's bills. ; •> ¦
Hood's
Stirs apart I r /a
And, Hood's Pills make the best comV.
bination of medicines ever devised.' V : *The collier Czarina, fiom Seattle, made
port Thursday night, but anchored off the
Presidio for the night.* "I ran past th*
Golden Gate in the log," said Captain
Seaman yesterday, "and when I got down
near the City of Rio de Janeiro I mistook
her lights for those on the south shorn.
Then I heard the ship s boll and saw the
riding light and made her out to be a mail
boat. I then made out my position -and
managed, to get inside. This was about
7:30 p. m. and the fog was so thick thar I
couldn't see ten.. feet-in^any, direction."
There were swarms of wreckers out'. .i»
soon as news of the disaster spread. ->.Tlie
tugs Milton and Millie did a land . offic
business, and Whltchalis and fishing. boars
were picking up bales' of mattingr, steamer
chairs and wreckage "all day. .
The bark J. D. Peters that came in dur
ing the afternoon reported a body, drifting
Crowd of Wreckers Out in Boats and
Tugs After Flotsam and
¦ - Jetsam.
COLLIER CZARINA WAS
ALONGSIDE THE RIO
floating wreckage and two of them, Chief
Engineer Herllhy and Mr. Carpenter,
were picked up by our boat. Several oth
ers were, picked up by fishermen.; among
them being Mate Holland. The fishermen'
say the boilers bl«w up, but If they* did
I don't know anything about It. There
was certainly an awful lot of email
wreckage abou*. I would like you to state
for me that whoever eald Captain Ward\
locked himself in bis /room after the ac
cident Is* a liar. Before leaving the bridge
he called -out. .'Women first, boys,*, and
then went downstairs to awaken the otherj
passengers." \
The Rio de Janeiro was built by John
Roach & Son of Chester. Pa., in 1S78. She
was 3543 -tons gross and 2275 tons net bur
den. She was 343 feet long. 38 feet 6 inches
beam and 23 ¦ feet ; 9 inches deep. For
the first few years of li?r life the Rio was
a success, but commencing with the year
1850 there seemed to be a "hoodoo" on her.
On August 5, 1SU0. she "was in collision witn
the British steamer Bombay and was se
verely damaged. This occurred in Hong
kong harbor and the Rio had to dock for
repairs before she could return to San
Francisco. . :
¦¦' On December 13,-1895. she went ashore
at South. KagoBhimo. Japan, and was no
badly damaged that her cargo had to be
discharged and the vessel « ocked for re
jialrs. - ... ¦ . ' ¦• - . ¦ •¦ ••, : ¦ ¦. -
-On March 6, 18?C,"she started from Hon
olulu ' for -Yokohama. Continuous heavy
head weather was encountered and: when
the : Japanese coast -• wa«s still 1200 miles
away it- was found that there was. onl"
2."X) tons of coal in the bunkers. . Th>
•steamship was run back to Honolulu but
before she got there the cabins and state
rooms had ? been : gutted -in • order ¦ to pro
vide fuel for. 1 the, furnaces. . :<-,y ,' .
On May 22. 1SDS. she-collided withan un
known r Japanese steamer - off Honomoku.
Japan, hut was not furiously damaged,
and now comes, the crowning catastrophe.
Since the Year 1890 a Hoodoo Seems
. to Have Hung Over the
Craft.
BRIEF HISTORY OF , ¦
THE BIO DE JANEIRO
out with- the tide near the lightship. A
lifeboat that had all the appearance of
never .having been 'aunched was seen -iff
the Southampton shoal and near to it was
half of one of. the ship's deck houses. The
chances are that by this time there is not
much of the Rio de Janeiro left.
"The first boat over the side was Xo. 11.
Jn charge of Third Mate C. J. Holland.
She wits crowded with passengers ar.d
fcod a number cf women and children
aboard. Just as they were preparing to
push away from th*» *Ifie the mizzerf mast
fell and smashed the boat in two. Some
of the rasscngers managed to swim lu
" 'Have you sounded the other bilges?"
asked Captain Ward, and I answered, 'No.
sir." With ten feet' of water in the fore
hold I didn't think It worth while monkey
ing with the other bilges. Captain Ward
thought differently, however, and his
order was a curt 'Go and sound them.' I
mounded amidshlp ar.a found twenty feet
of water in the hold and wont back to
report. I met Captain Ward coming down
from the bridge and when I told him what
was the state of affairs he said. 'Go |o
your boat. I will warn the passengers."
The la«t I Raw of Captain Ward was
when he was going down the social haU
steps to cabins on the main deck. J
think he went down with the ishlp.
"We lay at anchor all night." said he.
"and I turned in early because I knew I
would have to get up when the vessel
was ready to get under way. It is part
of my duty to help »ret the anchor In. It
was 4 a. m. yesterday when I was called
8nd told to get out on the forecastle head
as the anchor was going to be hove up.
When the anchor vas pot up we were
under way and we had not got the thing
catted before she struck. There was one
heavy bump and then another. I re
marked to my mats 'We're on the rocks.'
With that I ran and sounded the forward
bilge. That also is part of. my work. I
found there was ten feet of water In the
hold and I at once ran to the bridge and
to reported to Captain Ward and Pilot
Jordan, who were v/alking up and down.
Two r days before the-Rio de Janeiro.
reached v port i Mrs. „ Robert ' T. . MacCoun
had" a . strange: presentiment .that she
would ;; never ¦ see - t!ic ship > again.'. , Mrs.'
MacCoun is the a wife of First' Assistant
Engineer .'MacCoun, whoxis _amons : the
San Ifrancisco has never been compelled
to record within its limits so horrifying
an item of death as that which must be
made in reference to the doom of the City",
of Rio de Janeiro. When the vessel went
down at the Golden Gate yesterday morn
ing she carried 122 human beings to death.
There were 201 persons on board and only
seventy-nine of -them were saved. It
speaks.well for the heroism of the ship's
oincersthat out of thirty on board nine
teen perished at their posts. Of the.twen
ty-nine cabin "passengers nineteen were
lost, and of the seven second class pas
rcngerB five were drowned.; In the Asi
atic steerage there was the unusually low
number of i fifty-eight passengers, forty
three of whom met their doom in the ship.
The Asiatic/crew numbered seventy-seven
and saved the largest percentage of. Its
numbers: while thirty-six ¦ were drowned
forty-one were saved.
For / the • second time within three
months death has thrown the shadow of
his wing upon' this city. Hardly three
months ago on a holiday dedicated by the
nation to good will, good feeling and pub
lic 'happiness.- this city: was thrown into
utter, gloom by;a,- disaster- which was
without parallel "among us. ' And yester
day, on a day when, the entire nation
honored the memory of a great man.
death-came again In all Its horror. On
Thanksgiving day. the people of San Fran
cisco sacrificed. their pleasure, abandoned
their recreation and mourned •¦ for their
own dead, and yesterday wo mourned
with- the people of many lands for the
horrifying disaster which had happened
at our gates. , . . 1 - • •
MRS. MacCOUN'S V
PRESENTIMENT OF
v , LOSS OF THE RIO
Victims of the .Wreck.
Much interest. Is expressed- In this bay
horror to determine what its financial
loss has 'been. Various estimates have
been made, some of them by the officials
of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company
and others >by merchants quite as well
qualified as ;they to speak. . The safest
and most accurate estimate of the loss
Is $1,8CO,OCO. A conservative estimate
places the -value of the City of Rio de
Janeiro -at -a sum between $550,000 and
$700,000— probably the latter. There; Is no
insurance -upon the^ vessel, a statement
of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
officials to the contrary notwithstanding.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company has
simply an: insurance fund of its own.
•The cargo- was one of the most valuable
which has been consigned to this port In
many months, and was v worth' more than
1500.000. 'The wrecked vessel carried the
new. ; crop of- Chinese . rice and was also
heavily laden with valuable silks. .' There
was also on, board $600,000 in treasure. Of
ficers of the Pacific. Mail, in opposition to
these assertions, declare that the -vessel
carried only a cargo of $200,000 and no
treasure nnd that the ship was worth be
tween $800,000 and $900,000. It has not been
the. habit., however, for officers of the Pa
cific | Mail Steamship Company i to give a
correct r estimate of. any- of the many
losses • which the * company has suffered
through marine disasters.
Ian fishermen, many of whom did splen
did service in rescuing the living and pro
tectins the dead.
Continued From Page Two.
DEATH-ACHIEVES A DREAD
TRIUMPH AT THE GOLDEN GATE
HOPES BROTHER'S
FAMILY MAY YET
TURN UP SAFE
i NEW YORK. Feb. 22.— Consul General
Wlldman's brother, Edwin Wlldman. who
is now In this city., and who was formerly
Vice Consul under .Rounsevelle Wlldman
In Hongkong, is still cherishing the belior"
that the Consul General and his family
may nave taken to a lifeboat, which
has been blown out. of the harbor, an 1
that they may yet be heard from.
- Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Wildman. who aro
now at the Everett House, communicated
to-day with San Francisco, after news of
the disaster reached this city, and spent
a terribly anxious evening In vain hope-'
that seme definite news of the missing
family might arrive. Mr. Wlldman was
in 'a very despondent mood to-night.
"I received only & short while ago a
latter from him sayin? he and his family
were going to sail on January 22." he said.
"It is a remarkable thing that this steam
ship was my brother's pet. and he always
made it a point to sail on her when cross
ing the Pacific. When I was last in Hong
kong he wanted ins/W sail on her. too—
he was so fond of ner. I sailed, however,
last November on the Coptic. The Rio
de Janeiro was the oldest and smallest
1 vessel on the line and I preferred to sail
' on a large and modern ship. 'My brother
! would take trouble to miss a steamer in
order to go on that ship.
"Captain William Ward, commander of
the shin was reputed to be the most pop
ular officer in the employ of the line.
The fact that he was in charge Induced
a good many to sail on that particular
vessel My brother was a great friend
of Captain Ward. •
"On this trip he took his entire family,
consisting of his wife, who was Miss Ueti
tia Aldrich. a niece of Lnlted States Sen
ator William M. Stewart of Nevada: his
two children. 'Rounsevelle Wlldman Jr.. 9
year-, old. and Dorothy. 2 years old. They
also had with them the children s nurse,
whom they took out from San Francisco
several years ago. My brother has
worked very hard and he and his family
have been under strain since these trou
blous times in China began.
"He- was much in need* of a leave of
"absence and thought that the health of
the children would be benefited by a
chance I understand he was to have re
turned to Hongkong In about three
months. I expected to get a telegram
from him upon the arrival of the vessel
telling me whether he would come on to
New York "or whether I should go to
Washington, which was his real destina
tion to meet him."
Mr. Wlldman said that his brother had
left Vice , Consul William Aldrich. his
brother-in-law. In charge of affairs when
he saj'ed for this! country. I asked him
whether, he entertained any strong hope
of his brother's oscsrpe.
"There Is a chance, that the family may
be 'laved.' There are very heavy north
winds prevalent on the Calif ornia , coast.
It^ is Quite possible that they may have
taken'. to a lifeboat which was blown sev
eral -miles , down the beach." My > brother
was a fine swimmer, but; that would not
avail much with ; h!3 wife and two chil
dren to rescue."
missing officers of the wrecked steamer.
They had been married less than two
years, both coming from Baltimore. Their
devotion each to the other was so marked
that the young widow is completely pros
trated and almost inconsolable in her
grief.
I Engineer MacCoun had been connected
with the Pacific Mail for two years. This
was hi3 second trip on the Rio de Janeiro.
The remaining months of his service wer*>
spent on the City of Peking. He was 2S
years of age and a cousin of.. Vice Presi
dent and General Manager R. P. Schwer
in of the Pacific Mail. The MacCoun.-?
had apartments at tl»e Browning. Sutter
and Hyde streets, where Mrs. MacCoun
received the dread news that. her dream
only too tragically foretold.
¦ «
ROUNSEVELLE WILDMAN AND WIFE AND SCENES NEAR WRECK,
straightforward account of the disaster.
Dsscribes Hoxr Lifeboat Was Smashed
by Felling Mast end Many
Passengers Drowned.
Frank Tramp, the i-hip's carpenter, who
can:* ashcre in the first boat. give3 a
FRANK TRAMP GIVES
A GBAPHIC DESCRIPTION
"A *t«»amer which I now know to be the
Rio de Janeiro anchored off shore about 7
r.'eloek Thursday evening." i said John
Hyrlcp cf the Merchants' Exchange yes
terday. It was a. calm night. .but the.fog
was thick enough to cut. At intervals
Thrcughout the night I would awake and
tear the bell on the steamer ringing, while
I could Just discern her riding light
through the tog. At S o'clock. yesterday
inira'.r.g the fog lifted and I could make
cut the outline of the steamer and could
h^ar the clank of the anchor chain as
tha anchor wan hove up. Then sh*» got
tinder way and I heard her fog whistle at
regular intervals until she disappeared
with a long-drawn out shriek. I thought
Phe had rounded Fort Point and I notified
ihe exchange that I thought the Rio had
pn_«sed in. It was three hours later be
fore I heard cf tho dlfaster."
Heard the Last Despairing' Shriek on
the Siren as the Rio Wtnt
Down.
WHAT LOOKOUT HYSLOP j
SAW OF THE DISASTER
Bio at 6 a. ra. and Knew
Nothing of Wreck Until
Hours Lat:r.
"While th» Federal authorities were try-
Ir.c t<> find out what had become of the
steamer, a boatload cf shipwrecked peo
ple from h^r -were making the-ir way
against the ii<ie to Meiggs wharf. They
landed there about 8 a. m. and gave the
f.rst news of the wreck cf the Rio de Jan
eiro. Those in the boat were Lieutenant
Commander Hecht of the German navy.
Mrs. K. West: Warn PJpIey. Miss Ixharan. J.
K. Carper.t^r. an Oakland capitalist; Chief
Engineer Peter H. H«=rlihy. Freight Clerk
-G. Englehardt. S*^cond Officer Graham
Oojrhlin On charge of the boat). Carpen
ter Frank Tramp. Watchman J. Russell,
Storekeeper E. Boggs, and Quartermaster
. R. Mathison.
Soon after a F«»cond beat loaded with
white men and Chinese was towed in by
a gasoline launch and half an hour later
a third boat with nineteen Chinese came
sJong. Then the steam schooner Sequoia,
with twenty Chinese aboard, went around
ti the Mall dock and during the after
noon the Russian ship Harbinger came in,
bringing Dr. A. A. O'JCeill and nine Chi
nese. Then a ftehing launch came In.
bringing Quartermaster L.undstrcm. R, H.
Lacy. William Casper, an unknown cabin
passenger and nineteen Chinese, while a
Whitehall brought in Phil Xussenblatt of
Honolulu.
While th*>se beats were bringing in the
living fishing: -boats and tugs were bring
ing in the dead one by one, until at 5 p. m.
the remains of twelve of the victims had
been accounted for.
FEDEB.AX ATJTHOHITIES
HAVE LONG WEARY WAIT
2»esxly Thrie Days Overdus When
Ehe Drops Anchor Off Shore
Thursday Night.
Thf> run from Honolulu was very slow
tnfl the Rio was nearly three days over-
Cue when Pilot Fre<l Jordan boarded her
eff th* Cliff House about fi:30 p. m. Thurs
£sy. At T p. ra. the vesffl was anchored
jpcmr distance nutslde of Mile Rock, and
fit 5 p. m. all hand? out the watrh turned
In. T>.p ship> bell was k*>pt ringing all
Tight end the"rid:rg light" burned bright.
crA clear. It wss a raw. cold night, and
¦the toe was eo thick that the officer on
. the bridge could only see the men on the
deck below when they entered the glare
I cf a light.
j About 4 o'clock yesterday morning It
.cleared up a Uttle and the crew was'
celled to get the anchor in. Enough way
war got en the steamship to enable the
crew to rc-t the heavy mudhook up qulck
1 :>-. cr.d ttczi th? rignal to go ahead at
half-H?p*f4. t£&V Klven., .An.- ebbtide was,
r»*r.r.tne and tie vessel was slow in rath
ertr.g wer. Before she bad gene a dozen
. ; cf her cwr. lengths the fog settled down
ac&lT. thicker than ever. Then the fog
whistle ¦began Its mournful blasts. "
John Hyr— ¦> the Merchants' Exchange
loefcoct ct Point Lobct, heard a lart long
blart cf tfcs whistle as the sieair.Shlp dis
appeared around the point and then noti
fied the Merchants' Exchange and Melggs
wfcarf that n. steamer which he made out
to be the Rio de Janeiro had passed in.
The Custctes Officer. Immigration Officer
and Quarantine Officer waited* and
Ti-sited. but no Rio ehowed up. Hyslop
. was rrngr up end he said the vessel had
pasred In two hours before.
3UO HAKES SLO-TT BUN
HEBE FKOH HONOLULU
TKE causes that led to the sink
ing cf the Mail Company's j
steamship Rio de Janeiro are J
enveloped in a cloud of doubt j
ar.d uncertainty that only a !
court of lnqu'ry can clear I
away. Not one of the rescued i
rcsser.sera or crew can tell where the I
I vessel struck. Pilot Jordan says she went '
on the la<3g-e cf rooks that runs out a
half-rslle In a northeasterly direction
from Fort Point. In that event there is
no pcsslMc chance cf sating any of the
c=.rpo, as there is over' twenty fathoms
'- of water Jvet off the end of the ledge, and
th<»re the tide runs like a millracs.
i For eonie tlire after she struck the Rio
brag on a plnntcle of the reck, with only
her FTnekestaek. ventilators and a portion
of The pilot-house showing. Then she dis
appeared. 8.nd there !s now not even a
ripple en the water to show where she
l'.cs.
The City cf Rio de Janeiro left San
Francisco fcr Hawaii. Japan and China
en December 14. 1S00. She met with heavy
weather ar.d it took nine days to make
the run to Honolulu. From the Islands
ehe went to Hieso and Tckchema. In Ja
pan. tr.a on January 19 sailed for Hong
keng. At the latter port she tcok on a
verr valuable cargo of rice (tho new'
ercp). silks. x=2tticir. tea ar.d ether Ori
crsta! goeds. besides a la^ge amount of
ereele. Ehe railed for San Francisco on
January 22, cr.-l en arriving at Yokohama
hemewerd bcur.d tock en a !ot mere silk,
tea and matting and more treasure. She
•tiled from Yokohama fcr Honolulu on
j February 2 ar.d reached the latter port
, about the 12th lr.st.. Fal!Ir.g again the
r.ext day for San Francisco.
Leaving Honolulu the Rio de Janeiro's
carst> was valued at over $3<W.0O0, and
there was $500,000 m treasure in :h* specie
tar.lc. The steamship herself was valued
.et from JG50.C00 to fTOO.oro.
PILOT FP.EDERICK JORDAN
was In consultation with Vice
President Schwerin of the Pa
cific Mail Company for more
than two hcurs yesterday at
the Mali dock. After the pilot
was brought safely to land by
some fishermen who had picked him up
his Immediate wants were attended to at
the Merchants" Exchange office on Melggs
wharf, and he then proceeded to his homt
to assure his family of his safety. After
spending a few minutes at his home. Jor
dan went to the Mail dock, where Vic©
President Schwerin was waiting for hlm.
In speaking of his experiences Pilot Jor
dan said:
"I went out on Monday In one of th*
pilot boats snd went on board the Rio d*
Janeiro on Thursday evening at 5 o'clock.
It was very tossy outside the Heads and
Captain "Ward decided to lay to for tho
night. This morning at 4:30 the fo»
cleared. ar?d I went on the bridge and
ordered the anchor up. Captain Ward,
the first and second officers and two quar
termasters were on the bridge with me.
While we were heaving up the anchor
and just as we got under way I could see
clearly the Cliff House and North HeaJ
lights.
"As we got under way I saw the fogr
coming down again. I could see both
points of the Heads as the fog came down
and Cantaln Ward told me to go^ahead.
I could hear the fog whistles at Point Bo»
nlta and Lime Point- There was a strong
ebb tide running against us and the Rio
was making half speed.
"The fog was pretty thick and we could
not see the land. Then all of a sudden
came the crash as the ship struck on the
rocks. I realized that the strong ebb tide
had swunz us on to Mile Rock, but I did
not think for a minute that the vessel
would go down. In about five minutes
after we struck the lights went out. which
showed that the water was in the englno
rooms.
"Captain Ward and the officers and
crew behaved with splendid courage and
discipline was maintained. As soon an wo
struck the captain gave the alarm of n>e
and the crew responded promptly and
went to their assigned quarters, rap
tain Ward went from post to post to sc«
that the boats and life rafts were lowered.
He ordered some of the crew to get the
passengers from their staterooms. I saw
a boat break from Its davits and the pas
engers in it were thrown into the water.
There was confusion aa we had no lights.
"I was about to get down the rope lad
der to the doctor's beat when a maa
rushed up to me with a woman and a lit
tle boy. He asl^ed me for God's sake to
save his wife and child. I took hold of
the boy and told him to hang on to my
neck and I caught the woman and* was
helping her down the ladder when the
ship slipped off the rock sideways ar.d
went down head first. I must have been
carried fifty feet down by the suction,
and I never saw the woman or bc7
again." *
From the description given of tLo
woman and child by the pilot, it la evi
dent that they were Mrs. Wlldman and
her child. Continuing. Pilot Jordan said:
"When I came to the surface I was
dazed and did not know fcr a minute what
had happened. I started to swim and
caught hold of a big piece of wood which
floated toward me. I threw my arms over
it and drifted around until I saw part of
a deck-house with a Chinaman on top of
it. I got as near as I could and the China
man helped me on to the place where hs
was. We drifted around for an hour or
more until some fishermen came alongside
and picked us up."
When asked to what h* attributed tha
disaster. Pilot.Jordan said:
"I can enly attribute It to the strong
tide which was running and which drifted
us on to the rocks. The heavy fog which
came down on us as we were under way
prevented us from seeing where wo
were." .
"I want to say that Captain Ward never
went below, as has been stated in an
evening paper! He was en deck from the
time the ship struck until she went
down."
Gives Clear Account of the Causes
Leading Up to the Disaster as
Near as He Is Able to Judge
PILOT JORDAN
PRAISES WARD
Unusually Long, Voyage of Mail
Boat Ends at the Bottom of
Ocean Near Harbor Entrance
PILES HER ON
FATAL LEDGE
RIO'S HOODOO AT LAST SENDS HER TO DESTRUCTION
'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1901.
3
ADVERTISSMZUTS.
THE OUTLOOK
For a woman's happiness in the married
state, depends less/as a rule, upon the
man she is to marry than npon her own
health. The woman who enters upon
marriage, suffering from womanlv wealc-
Css, is " heaping up trouble against the
y of trouble."
Weak woman are made strong and
sick women are made. well by the use of
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It is
the one reliable regulator. It dries en-
feebling drains, heals inflammation and
nlceratxon and cures female weakness.
It nourishes the nerves and invigorates
the entire womanly organism. It makes
the baby's advent practically painless,
and gives strength to nursing mothers.
"I Mifiered for twelve years with female
trduWc." writes Mrs. Milton -Grimes, of Adair.
Adair Co.. Iowa. " which brought on other dis-
eases—heart trouble. Brizht's Disease. nerron»-
nefls, aad at tiaes would be nearly paralyzed.
Had neuralgia of stomach. I can freely say
voor medicine* (nine bottle* in all. five of *Fa-
Vorite Prescription.' foar of ' Golden Medical
Discovery.' end twoviaU of Dr. Pierce's Pellets),
have cared m;. I can work with comfort now,
bat befors I woald be tired all the time and have
• dizzy headache, and my nerves would be all
unstrung io I could not sleep. Sow I can *le«p
and do a big day's wort, something I had not
done for over eleven years before."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
. Adviser, in paper covers, sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay ex-
ptnsa of mailing only. Address Dr. JL V.
i Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
DR~. HETEBS&CflL i0B\
Specialists., Disease 23J^ «
and :, ¦weakness of f3£w x&L
men. Established 3?&
1SS1. Consultation Wfft f^i^-f
and private' book vSk I aAJ •
free, at otllc* or by v '\SH'l} J3*22«»
mail. Cures guar- P2tflW£?r-~'S'
ante-d. 7"tl Mar- iSa***'*^^
ket street (elevator jk**w*l&**Sr
entrance ). San < ty v s/!l*^§2$^Mrs. Dormann, Stewardess.
(Drowned.)
A. Gnasonl, Honolulu.
(Drowned.)
Second Officer Cogrhlan.
(Rescued.)
Coroner Leland. as soon as he learned
of the disaster, summoned his whole force
of attaches to attend to tho reception of
the dead. Deputy Coroner Brown was
•kept busy, during the whole day In mak
ing a record of the missing that were be
lnc inquired about by anxious friends ani
relatives.. Owing to these precautions ani
the business-like system introduced by
Coroner Leland the work, was expedited
without confusion. '-
The following is a list of the dead re
ceived at the Morgue:
Mrs. Sarah Wakefleld. 10S7 East Twenty
seventh street. Oakland.
Mrs. A. . Hart of Manila, formerly of
this city* ,
Charles Dowdall, attorney-at-law, Ho
nolulu. . •
Edward Barwick, butcher on the
steamer, 544 Olive avenue; Identified by
letters In pocket.
Angelo Gusslno, Hawaii: Identified by
letters In pocket. \
Julia Clark Dorman, stewardess on the
Rio: Identified by friends.
Unknown Chinaman, found by Gluseppl
Branch!. • ' .
Unknown Chinaman, found by Frank
Sllvcra,
E- Barwlclc, ; Sfclp'a Batcher.
*" (Drowned.)
William Drandon Jr., London.
(Rescued.)
I THINK it/was about 5 o'clock when
she struck. I heard the ship strike
the rock and dressing in two min
utes was up on deck. When I got
¦ up on the. deck I noticed that she
„. was listing badly on the starboard
sld\... I put on a life-preserver, in
tending tb swim' away from the »hip.
but I was' too late, as she went down
with p. rush* I kept -perfectly v cool and
knew that I would come up again with
the life-preserver on and struggled to'keep
free. I did not seem to be under the
water. any time and when I rose to the
surface I was not ten feet away from a
raft. This raft was v filled' with seven
Chinamen and the quartermaster, of the
ship. They helped me on board the raft
and then I knew I was safe. '.In a-few
minutes I. saw my comrade, Holtz, float
by on a capsized beat. We floated near
to this boat that Holtz was clinging to,
got him on the raft and then turned the
boat upright. We got in this boat and
pulled away from the wreck. We passed
another boat containing the second officer
of the ship, three women and the freight
clerk of the boat. ,\Ve. were soon after
approached by 'a number of small craft.
A launch came up, threw us a line and
.we. were. towed ,to_ the. shore... ...
"I lost four trunks In the ship, but for
tunately had sent .home in January a
large number of Chinese curios that I had
collected, via the Suez Canal. One thing
that favorably Impressed me was that the
discipline during the 'I affair was splendid.
The officers, men and even the Chinamen
did all in their power to'help each other."
Captain Hecht.
(Rescued.)
"As».ln,« I- say, the Inevitable has hap
pened. The course, so 'far as I' can tes
tify, was correctly followed until the ebb
tide drove us on the" reef. Captain Ward
directed Ms orew with r-romptnesn and
coolness.', and -the- last- 1 saw. of him he
was directing his subordinates 'in : their
fight -agair.st fate. tofsavc the passengers
of the lost ship."- ¦'-'-'
"My boat arrived first; and though lm-
mediately upon landing I left", to Inform
the company of the loss of the ship, I had
time on the way back to look over the
passengers on the boat. There were three
ladies; whose names I do not know Chief
Engineer Herlihy." Air. Englehardt.'j K
Carpenter of Oakland. Frank Tramp
ship's; carpenter; _G. Russell, main deck
watchman, another ship's a
passenger whore "name I do not know, a
Japanese 'and: four Chinese.. None were
seriously Injured. ' . . ~
• * •? * * • *.* • v
launches. They had "pa'ssed over the scene
of the wreck, but until they discovered us
did not know what had occurred; so com
pletely had the' Rio" gone down. They
took us in tow,\those .;, j)n the rafts were
picked up and . the : Journey for the shore
began. _
Unknown Chinaman, found by Martin
Napoll.
: Japanese engineers' mewboy, name un
known, found by John •Colen.
Unknown Chinaman, found by the cap
tain of the Sea Queen.
; Mrs. Alfred Hart was the wife of a
jewelry drummer and was well known' In
this city. After leaving San Francisco
several years ago she took up her resi
dence In Los Angeles. One year ago she
went to Manila and was Just returning
when she met her death. On the body
was found Jewelry valued at many hun
dred, dollars. -For a time Mrs. Hart's
Identity remained unknown after the body
had been brought to the Morgue, but at
length was identified by Miss Ripley. a
passenger on the ll\-fated boat, who re
sides-at 1515 Polk street, and . Vernon
Elysee.
. The ninth body recovered Is supposed to
be that of Edward Barwick, the butcher
on board the steamer. No one has yet
Identified' the body,, but In the clothing
was found a letter from Mrs. Barwick of
544 Olive avenue, in which she addressed
the receiver as her husband. . Barwick
was 35 years of age and had two children,
aged 7 and 10 years.
According to papers Tound on the body
which bore the number "10" at the Morgue
it. is that of Angelo Gusslno. manager of
the Lowry sugar plantation.* In Spreckels
ville. Hawaiian Islands. Among the pa
pers were the time slips cf the company
and vouchers for salaries. He was on a
Journey to Europe in' the interest of his
corporation, -and was. not known In this
city, so far as can be ascertained.' He waa
apparently about 30 years of age. .
"Mrs." Julia Clark ;Dorman, whoso body
was the last recovered, was the steward
ess of the sunken steamer. She was fully
« "I saw only two boats afloat. One I
knew had been launched for Consul Gen
eral Wlldman and his friends from Hong
kong. Finally I was dragged aboard the
life raft. Fortunately there were com
paratively few women on board, and too
much praise cannot be given the ship's
officers and crew for the magnificent dis
cipline maintained and their efforts in the
limited time before she went down to
save the lives of the passengers and In
spire them with courage."
Mr. Long thinks that not more than ten
minutos elapsed from the time the shin
struck until the water rushed over her
decks. He believes he was In the water
not more, than fifteen minutes, and al
though he had taken the precaution to
pack most of his valuables In the state
room from which he got the life pre
server all his personal belongings were
swept away wh?n the water rushed
aboard. After the excitement attendant
upon being taken from the water Mr
Long was not able to give an intelligible
account of tho struggle for lifo going on
around him. He had no definite idea of
the causes leading to the disaster until
he got ashore, and was oblivious to his
surroundings after going under the water
>:nlll he was got safely aboard the raft.
must have lost consciousness .for a. time,
as I have only a vague sensibility .of
what happened afterward. Nearly choked
to deatU by the salt water, I finally
reached the top and was forty feet clear
of the spot where the ship sunk. Of
course the life preserver kept me afloat
and I waited patiently until relief should
come, whence! knew not.
"Orders shouted from the bridge
through this babel of tongues were not
obeyed, it is true, with that alacrity that
inspires one with hope, but," nevertheless,
the Chinese, • .when they did understand
orders, obeyed them with promptness and
courage. And it must be remembered
that we had but little room -In which to
work. The prow of the Rio was under
water hack as far.aa the first cabin, and
on the space behind, \ which stood at two
angles, we ; worked:. When the ordcr.ito
lower away the boats was given the; men
responded promptly. I- managed to get
three women into, my boat and a few ;
other persons. On the other side they
were lowering away the 'boats, and as I
sawino one on deck I lowered myself, to
the ,boafc\ Then I thought' that possibly
some of the ; passengers had/not been
a wakened;, and" I -clambered .back' to the
deck." The. vessel, was then listed far over,
but I entered" the. s«cial 'hall, off -which
"Her great hull evidently, ripped open
on some Jagged pinacle, but she shook
herself loose for an Instant. , struck the
second time and her prow dipped into the
sea, while she listed toward the shore. It
has been said^-that there* was Immediate
confusion aboard the vessel. This is not
correct. Everything worked like clock
work, but necessarily fast. Great diffi
culty' was occasioned by the fact that the
crew of the vessel w*as composed of Chi
nese, and they could .understand but
little English and we could understand no
Chinese. ' , - . ; .
"We lay off the Heads all night, wait
ing for the fog to" lift, and it was at a
very early hour 'when the -order was given
to heave the anchor. We moved in slowly,
and though I looked , carefully I was of
the opinion thai we r were on the fright
course. So far as I could see, there was
no' deviation from the correct course un
til we had passed Mile Rocv and were
midway between it and Fort Point. There
we caught the swirl of the "ebb tide and
the Rio de Janeiro slightly deviated from
her course. In an Instant she struck on
what rock or reef I know not.
"Again the inevitable has happened
and the Rio de Janeiro has been lost,"
said 'Mr. Coghlan. , "I will feel the effects
of this 'experience/ if I can call it such,
for many days to come, for .my ankle
was badly wounded through , striking
floating wreckage when I Jumped from
the lost ship Just as she went down. I
cannot call to-day's happenings an 'ex
perience,' for it happened too quick for
thorough realization. , ; : -
SECOND OFFICER GRAHAM
COGHLAN, who. waa among
first to reach the shore after
the Rio de Janeiro had sunk
beneath the sea, is. the son of
Captain Joseph B. Coghlan,
who commanded the Raleigh In
the battle of Manila Bay. Like his dis
tinguished father, he has "followed the
sea" since his youth, but this is the first
great marine tragedy to which he has
been a witness and in which his life
nearly paid for his" awful experience.
* *
Miss Katie Reldy. Hongkong: reported
by James Bradley. 1376 Sacramento street.
Miss Reldy was with the family of
Rounsevelle Wildman and lived on Pine
street, near Powell.
The following were reported to Deputy
[ Coroner Brown as missing:
Fong Cheonsr, student on hfs war to j
college, nephew of, Tung Sum, 933 Dupont
street.
George Rlpley, from Honolulu; res
idence. 1515 Polk street, this city; report
ed by C. H. Ward. 33 Pine street.
James Smith, water tender. 13 Rincon
place: his mother. Mrs. 1 arsen. lives at
645 Howard street.
Assistant Engineer "William A. Munroe.
35 Stanford street.
A. Hart, tourist and hnsbajid of th«
identified dead woman of the'sam© name;
reported by H. L. Lair. 317 Grant avenuo. j
William A. Henshall. attorney at law. j
brother, of Richard P. Henshall of this J
city: residence, 132S California street.
Loul3 MacFarland. Honolulu; reported
by R. Selbert, S Buena Vista avenue.
H. A. Scott, chief steward: residence.
Windsor Hotel.
Peter Walter Smith, oiler; reported, by
Charles H. Smith. 432 HaJsht street.
John Hammersmith, oiler, San Fran
cisco.
II. F. Seymour, editor and proprietor of
The American at Manila: reported by J.
P Crowley of the International Hotel.
Clifford Morton. 205 Oak sireet: repotfd
by Edwin 3. Morton. Supposed to have
lef * this city on the Rio as a waiter on
L £-°5iS3f. t !2d wife of Honolulu: re
ported by Henry G. Brulon of. 1317 Powell
street. A lady who was with these peo-
F B Greenway of 55S Geary street: re
ported by S. Dumas. 55»5 Geary street. J
McCqnnell. an engineer. .of Sp
Stouart street: reported by his brother;
Frank Holback of Honolulu: reported
by Frank MUler of 510 Sixth street.
Vmiam.MUnroe of 34 Stanford ?treet.'id
and third assistant engineer: reported byj
W Flynn of 320 Frannan street.
Harry Lewis. 1307A Broadway, watery
tender on steamer: reported by Mrs Bar-f
rie of 172* Eleventh street. Oakland.
WUllam Aver?, a blacksmith of Hono-f
lulu- reSrteS by J- J- Morse of 1000 Rall-f
"£? a Dodd fe of Butt*. Mont.: reported by^
Tlav McMillan of 457 Eddy street.
Otto Bersner of Yokohama: reported by j
Lawrence A. Wurth of 1610 Sacramento j
' 8t John Mitchell of Honolulu: reported by
th McCreary of 441 Jessie street.
9S££ SS$tfSa &J Ma.,,e
' G<?org*T Hayes of Los Angeles; reported
• hv Hubert T.inrmann.
William licence, a carpenter, of 67
Dehon street:- reported by Daniel Mc-
Phee of. Z«n Buchanan street
Professor William E. Sharp and wife
1 of Honolulu : roxxvted by brother.
; Rounyevpllo Wildman. wife and two
children. United States Consul General to
Honckong; reported by Dr. Beede of
Stockton. " -;- : > -
Qcjsiinucd on Ti.^?" Ssven.
Dr. A. A. O'Xpill, surgeon of the Rio de
Janeiro, was able to throw but little light
>n the disaster. He was in his room at
•.he time the ve5s*I btruck and responded
Seems- Like a Horrible
Dream. \
Lost Ship, Declares It All
Dr. A. A. O'Neill, Surgeon of the
TRAGEDY COMES
WITH SUDDENNESS
THAT IS APPALLING
Yung Chlr.g. who is among the mI«Elnsr
passengers, was a finely educated Chlnete
boy of 19 years, and was born ln'Sai>
Francisco. His father is one of the
wealthiest merchants in Honolulu, wheiv
he went from Kan Francisco some years
ago. Yung Ching had been shorn of his
qupue and thereupon adopted the English
mode of dress. He was a good English
scholar, receiving his early education in
San Francisco public schools. He was en
route here en the Rio de Janerio to take up
the study of painting and the higher ele
ments cf education. Yung Sum. a cousin
of the missing boy, lives at S33 Dupont
etreet.
Supposed to Have Been Browned
While Coming From
Honolulu.
Tung Ching, a Native of This City,
CHINESE NATIVE
SON AMONG THE
WRECK VICTIMS
crew of the Hanley. The Hanley is a
rhip from Antwerp and was Just making
port when the accident occurred. Tho
crew saw the boat in command of Dr.
O"Ne5l and stopped and rescued the oc
cupants. %
They were nonf the worse for their ad
venture and after being examined by the
ouarantine authorities were landed at tht>
Pacific Mail dock.
Napoll. an Italian fisherman, was the
firj-t to bring a body ashore. He towed
In the body of a Chinaman about 6 o'clock
in the morning. Captain Rasmussen. in
charge of the Sea King, followed with a
« rrjmber of mall bag«. He reported that
the Alert was on her way in with a body.
The Alert arrived about 10:30 with the
body of a woman, reverently draped in
the American flag.
Another Italian rlsfcerman soon arrived
¦with the body of a Chinaman who was
employed as a porter on the Rio de Jan
eiro. The next fishing boat that arrived
was the proi>erty of Antonla Silva, He
towed in the body of Attorney Dowdell.
It was fully dressed. A life-preserver
was also securely lastened around the
body.
Mri. A., Hart, Shanghai.
(Drowned.)
room, and attributes his rescue to keep
ing his presence of mind and preparing
in the few minutes at his disposal to
make a fight for his life when the ship
finally went down.
"I can tell by the fact that my watch
stopped at 5:33 exactly when the accident
occurred." said Mr. Long. "I was up
I early and went into the steward's room
! to talk with him. We lay to all night on
account of the fog, and on the pilot's re
port that all was clear raised anchor and
started on . our course. Within a few
minutes the ship struck and I knew at
once a calamity had occurred. I went to
the hurricane deck at once and heard
Captain Ward give the orders to lower
the boats. The first officer and quarter
master were cool and had the crew exe
cute the captain's orders expeditiously.
"Then I thought for the first time of
procuring a life, preserver. I hurried to
the saloon and g'ot one. On reaching the
deck I met Harry Guyon, a friend from
Petaluma. He was without a preserver
or other means of escape, and it was too
late for him to go inside to get one. I
did all I could to encourage him. and
was trying to cheer him up when the
watfr shot over the decks. I fell in
stinctively to my knees, and as the ship
leveled with the water I was shot as
from a catapult down below the surface
many feet. It is a miracle that I was not
carried to my death by the suction. I
Consul Wildman and family had their
staterooms.'. I am sure I know where
their rooms were, ; but when I reached
them they were empty. • All > of the rooms
on that side of the vessel were empty. I
then crossed the hall and found all of the
rooms 'also vacant. ' ,. '"/.
"As the ship began to show. signs that
she was ready .to founder, I hurried* on
deck.'. Captain Ward was standing aft;' still
directing the lowering; of boats: and the
disposition of passengers therein. My
iboat' was standing off . from; the vessel" a>
short distance, and I could see that others
had been pulled aboard her. Suddenly the
Rio gave a lurch "and I sprang "for my
boat. I struck a .piece of wreckage and
painfully injured, my ankle, but .was soon
pulled- aboard the boat. -•
.» "The Rio de Janeiro had gone down, !
and we began 'to pick up the swimmers
as we slowly, drifted out to sea. Llferafts,
on which many "passengers and members
of the crew were huddled, also drifted out
toward the Heads: Two of them we got
together,' then drifted away. ....... '. : •
- "We must ;have drifted; as far a« Point,
Lobos when we were overtaken'by a fish
ermen's" fleet of sailboats " and.' gasoline
W-^^ P. SCHWERIN, vice presi
9 dent and general manager
II ; W' '. ¦ of the Pacific Mall-Steam
||tfr ship Company, spent the
flfl q best part of yesterday at
' ' : -^\ ¦ the Mail dock superintend
ing the work of taking care
of the survivors of the ill-fated, steam
ship Rio de. Janeiro. The first Intimation
Mr. Schwerin had of the accident was
when one of the employes of the, line
telephoned the news of the disaster, to his
residence. ;'
Mr. Schwerin made his headquarters In
the office of the superintendent of the
dock, and in, accordance with a marine
custom the various survivors of the Rfo
who were In the employ of the Pacific
Mall Company reported<to the- vice presi
dent. The fortunate officers of the ; Rio
who had interviews with Mr. Schwerin
told a plain story of the disaster, but the
most important statement made to the
official was that of Pilot 'Jordan.
Mr. Schwerin In talking of the loss of
the Rjo de Janeiro stated that he thought
the blame was due to Captain Ward in
bringing his vessel in during. a fog. : .
"Time and time • again," said Sir.
Schwerin, "we have* warned our captains
nover to leave or enter port during- a fog.
Not only have > we- given our/ 1 captain
verbal instructions, but. letters have.been
written to them to* the same end. From
what I can learn I think that, It would
have been wiser for Captain ; Ward ..to;
have waited outside tin til the fog cleared ¦
off. He was the only* man who had au
thority to bring the vessel In.- It Is er
roneous to think that when a pilot boards
a, vessel the captain has.no more "re
sponsibility. A pilot is simply a gulde'for v
a captain.
"The statements made to; me by Pilot
Jordan indicate that there. was a fog
hanging around, the Heads, and I think
i that undue haste was shown by the cap
tain In bringing his vessel in. I cannot
understand why there should, have \ been
so" much haste shown, considering the
vessel lay outside all night. Captain Ward
was a careful officer and I. learn that
when he reached Honolulu with the Rio
he waited outside the bar for eleven hours
rather than ¦ take any chances in the
rough weather.
'.'Of course he is not hew to speak. J
wish that he-was, for he was one of our
best officers. He was brought up in our
service and we all feel deeply,, over .his
loss and of those of his comrades/.'
"I cannot state exactly the value of
the Rio de Janeiro, but It Is between $800,
000 and $900,000.- We have between $400,000
and $500,000' Insurance -on? the vessel, part
of which Is carried by . Insurance com
panies and part of which we carry, our
selves. I cannot state now in what com
panies we .insured the . ship. The value
of her cargo was probably between $150,000
and $200,000. I do not think she had any
amount, of, specie on board."
In) response to further questions," Mr.'
Schwerin stated "that .'he did' not think
there- was the slightest chance of- raising
the vessel. r % •
Schwerin Says the
Captain Was
in Charge.
Captain and Pilot
Defended By
Coghlan.
ATTEMPT TO FIX THE BLAME
FOR THE AWFUL DISASTER
Captain Mecht Tells
of His Escape
From Death.
MRS. S. 15. WAKEFIELD and
. her daughter. Miss -Naomi
Wakefleld. who were lost In
the . wreck of the. Rio del
Janeiro, were well known in
Oakland and were Icaders-in
the inner social circle. They
traveled a great deal, and when in Oak
land resided at the Hotel Metropole.
Mrs. Wakefleld and her daughter spent
the early part of the winter at the Metro-
The last steamer from Honolulu
brought a letter from Mrs. Wakefleld re
engaging her rooms at the Metropole and
saying that she would arrive on the Rio
de Janeiro about February 20. . •
Mrs. Wakefield has a sister. Mrs. R. W.
Miller, living at 1087 East Twenty-seventh
pole, but decided, for the benefit of the
health of Miss Wakefleld. to go to the
Hawaiian Islands. On November 20 they
left Oakland, and they have been in the
islands since. .
WHEN the news was re
ceived in the city that
the Rio de Janeiro had
beca lost Meiggs wharf
lipcime the point of con- j
cenrration for the relief
parries, the landing point .
for the survivors of Ui« ill-fated ship an,'
the receiving place for the recovered
brxiipf.
The most peculiar feature of the morn
irg's work was the absence of the curious
f .nd morbid crowd that usually collect*
and impedes the efWts of officials whose
duties it is to reliev the unfortunate. At
shout 11 o'clock. a:ter the news of th
accident had been .widely circulated
throughout the city, vast crowds rode out
on the cars to the best, point of vantage
to view the wreck.
Mpipbs wharf up to that time was al
most deserted, excert by those who were
there on business. About noon the policy
Ftrctched ropes across the wharf and
those who had no business on the land
ing were ordered away. A patrol wagon
was in readiness and the survivors, after
being taken ashore, were driven to vari- ,
r,u«= hospitals with all possible haste. The
Morgue wagon wa> kept busy and one by
;„» ta <. bodies that were brought ashore
were conveyed to the Morgue.
Shortly after noon Dr. O'Neil. a Japan
ese steerage passenser and Chines?
sailors were removed from the ship Han
lev to the Pacific Mail dock. These sur
vivors were rescued from a small boat
which was drifting out to sea by the
Purser John rtooney.
(Drowned.)
R. H. Long of Petaluma. a passenger
returning home from Honolulu, gives a
thrilling account of his experiences when
the ship struck. He was in the steward's
From Death and Praises Offi-.
cers and Crew of Ill-
Fated Vessel.
R. H. Long Has a Miraculous Escape
••W> pulled around and got away from
the wreck, but we did not see any one
floating around to save. After a while we
saw a shin, which proved to be the Rus
sian ship Harbinger, and she took us on
board and brought uf inside. I am only
too glad to say I am alive, and it all
seems as< a dream to me to get so near
hnmp and then to meet with this awful
disaster." J
PETALUMA MAN
TELLS OF WRECK
AND HIS RESCUE
the next instant to the call for fire sound
ed by the captain.
"I went to the boat on the port side."
said Dr. O'Neill, when seen at the Mail
dock, "and took charge of my boat. It
was very dark and foggy, and, to make
matters worse, the lights on the ship
went out. There was but little confusion,
end we tried to pet the women and chil
dren into the boats. My boat was lowered
pafelv and we pulled away, and as we
did so the Rfo slid off the rocks and
plunged beneath the water. The suction
carried my boat almost down and I was
saturated with water.
Police Keep Crowds on Wharf
Back While Remains . of Vic
tims Are Taken From Water
TOWED ASHORE
BY FISHERMEN
MRS. WAKEFIELD WELL
KNOWN IN OAKLAND
MA NY VISIT
HOUSE OF DEAD
Anxious Relatives; of Missing Per
sons Appeal to the Coroner
and' His Retainers for News
THE bodies of Mrs. S. B. Wake- I •
field and three unidentified Ciil- j
namen were the first to be
brought to the Morgue, the
two wagons in charge of Dep
uty. Coroner Meehan. Janitor
• ';. Thomas Smith and Messenger
F, Donahue arriving at. noon. At that
time the identity of Mrs. Wakefleld was
unknown, but two hours later her
nephew, D. W. Hopson, and her sister,
Mrs. R. W. Miller identified the remain*
The dead 'woman was a native of Ncy
York, 60 years old. and resided in Oakland.
She was the widow of Samuel Bell Wake
field, % Her daughter, Naomi Wakefleld, 13
years old> was with her on the Rio and
is believed to* have been lost.. The next
wagon brought the bodies of a Japanese
me"ssboy and a Chinaman. Shortly after,
the bodies of Charles Dowdall and Mrs.
A. Hartz were brought in. The two la it
mentioned bodies were placed in the newr
Morgue in Dunbar Allev. Mrs. Hartz
was Identified by Miss Rlpley ; of 1515 Polk
street, a rescued passenger. Miss Rlpley
said that Mr. and Mrs. Hartz were ac
companied on the steamer by a lady
whose name she did not know. Miss Rip
ley's father, George Rlpley of Honolulu,
was on the steamer and was reported to
the Coroner as among the missing*
On the person of Charles Dowdall were
found a letter of credit for $1000 and a let
ter to the dead man from his wife In San
ta Barbara. The letter was filled with
expressions of endearment and the writer i
spoke of the happiness that would be
i:ers when she should s.ee him again.
dressed and had evidently been attending
to her duties when the crash came. She
has been In the employ cf the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company for about ten
years. "While In this city she always
made her home at the Sailors' Union, and
It was seafaring men who Identified her.
The bodies of four Chinese and ora
Japanese still remain unidentified, al
though half the population of Chinatown
has viewed them. The Chinese seem anr
ious to get possession of the bodies and
bury them, notwithstanding their pro
fessed ignorance as to* the names they
bore In life.
The following were reported missing at
the Morgue:
Mi»s Rowena Jehu of Alameda: report ?1
ly Walter N. Jehu. Miss Jehu was 23
years old and was a stenographer fcr the
past two years* in Honolulu. Her mother
lives in Alameda.
Frank J. Went worth of Chicago; report
ed by P. J. Hartt. 73G Ellfc street. Mr.
Wentworth was 27 veara c .d and wa3 .1
bookkeeper In Honolulu
Miss Naomi Wakefleld. 13 years ol.l,
Oakland.
Miss Robina Robvns. Salt Lake Cltv.
aged 22 years: reporte-1 by C. C. Easson.
1612 South Park, Chlcasro.
• Mrs. Robyns. mother of the foregoing,
Salt Lake City.
Second Assistant Engineer Thomas H.
Brady, 1129 Folsom street.
Harry Austin. 540 Folsom street; reports
ed by G. A. Hanks, same address.
BODIES OF THE DEAD ARE TAKEN TO THE MORGUE
THE SAN FRANCISCO C A LU, SATURDAY, FK&tlUAliX 23, linn.
Harry V. Austin.
(Drowned.)
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER, WELL KNOWN IN OAKLAND, WHO LEFT HERE LAST NOVEMBER FOR THE HA
WAIIAN ISLANDS IN QUEST OF A BALMY CLIME IN WHICH TO RESTORE THE WANING HEALTH OF
THE YOUNG WOMAN. - ' ¦
There are many In Oakland who will
learn with sorrow of the death of' the
ladles. -They had- mapy friends a °d be
fore their, departure ' for Honolulu they
gave a dinner, at thfe Metropole at which
they entertained a large party of friends
w.ho wished them a. happy journey.
street. In this city. As soon as the story
of the wreck of -the steamship reached
Oakland Mrs. Miller went to San Fran
cisco to learn of the fate of her sister,
and shortly after her arrival Mrs. Wake
field's body was <. brought ashore.
4
MIkh Katie Reldj.
(Drowned.)
They say Bernhardt is a lit-
tle cross at times. Read what *
a special reporter of the Sun-
day Call has to say in next
Sunt'iiy's Magazine Section."Just about this time Russell Harper,
a cabin passenger, floated near to me. He
had a life preserver on. but he was com
plaining awfully, and appeared In great
agony. He said that both his legs were
broken. I put out a hand and dragged
him to the wreckage. He was unable to
take a good hold of the raft.- so I grabbed
him and held him as long as I could. Tho
current was running very strong and I
found that I could not hold us both up.
as my left arm was giving out. I saw
that Harper's life preserver was holding
him up all right, so I had to let him drift.
Scon after I saw a life raft and hailed
the men on it with all my might. They
heard my shouts and came toward me.
I had great difficulty in getting on the
raft, as I was so exhausted. A fishing
boat soon after came up. On board were
two steerage passengers. A launch also
passed with the ship's quartermaster on
board. We got into an Italian fisherman's
boat and were all towed by the launch Io
Melggs wharf.
"On landtns I was taken to th^ Har
bor Hospital and put to bed. When I re
covered I was removed to the Occidental,
and here I am: Just a few scratches, but
otherwise all right. I lost all my clothes,
but fortunately saved all my money. I
will tell you in conclusion that you could
never get me to travel in an old boat like
me. but I was thrown against things and.
I thought I would never reach the bot
tom. Then I found that I was struggling
for dear life to free my right foot which
was entangled In a rope. I thought It
was all up, -but somehow. I released my
self, and then' I -shot up and suddenly
found myself on the surface of the water.
My life preserver did not work well and
I discovered It was only attached to my
right arm. and seeing a section of the
deck floating on the water I gradually
worked my way to it. I could not get
on this raft.' but I was able to hold on to
it and support myself. The life preserver
was now under my chin. and I was afraid
that It would get away altogether.
the Rio de Janeiro again. I did not like
the boat the moment I stepped on her.
Everj' day out she would lose time. I
spoke to the captain about It. and he said
he could not understand it- He said that
the ship ought to make 340 miles a day.
but instead of that she would only make
300. He said that something was the mat
ter, and that he thought that her bottom
was very foul." - .¦ ¦
CAPTAIN WARD
ENJOYED A MOST
ENVIABLE RECORD
Commanded Vessel on Which He Met
His Death for Tears and Was
a Very Efficient Of
. . fleer.
Captain William Ward was one of the
most trusted and successful officers in the
Company and, though a comparatively
young. man. had held a command on the
China run for thirteen years.
He was born In Raleigh,- N. C. during
the civil war and grew up in the South
under tho care of a mother who Idolized
him. . When yet a lad he .went with nj3
father to the newly opened 'diamond flelSs
at KImberley. South Africa, where he
made quite a fortune, which, however, he
lost again in unlucky enterprises. On his
voyage, to and from South Africa he Im
bibed a fondness for the sea. and soo-i
after • his - return home decided to follow
it for his livelihood. .
He ; came to this coast and entered the
service of. the Pacific Mail Company as a
cadet in the early 'SO*, making his first
trips to the Orient on the City of Tokyo.
After passing the Intermediate grades
he was made first officer under Captain
Harry F. Seymour, one of the cabin pas
sengers who was drowned, was coming
home to this country from Manila. Ha
joined the Rio de Janeiro at Hongkong.
He was about 50 years old and leaves a
wife In the East.
Seymour was formerly a theatrical
manager and advance agent, and Is well
known In the profession. He enlisted In
the' American army and went to the Phil
ippines when the war broke out. After
receiving his discharge he joined Issues
with the owner of a newspaper In Ma
nila, which Is now known as the Manila
American.
Seymour was In San Francisco a year
a;o on a visit.
One of the Victims of the Disastsr
. Served in the American Army
in the Philippine v c s
Islands. = '.'•"'*~7l
SEYMOUR WELL
KNOWN AMONG THE
THEATRICAL MEN
Captain Ward was a tall, fine looking
man. a model captain, and a great favor
ite with a.11 who were fortunate enough to
take ¦ his vessel for a. voyage. Early lr»
life, at tho Instance of his mother, he re
solved to eschew drinking and gaming,
and he always- adhered to that resolution.
He leaves a sister and two brothers, resi
dents of Ralelgb. his native city.
Caverley on the Panama run. and In 1&«3
was assigned to the command of the in
fated vessel with which ho went down.
In 1S92 he was transferred to tho Peru,
and In ISM to the China, and later to tho
City of Peking. In 1S9? he returned, to the
command of the Rlo'de Janeiro and re
mained with her to tha last
RAVES OF WRECK
WHILE LYING ON
A BED OF PAIN
Russell Harper, a Newspaper Corre
spondent of Honolulu, Bsscued,
but Is in a Very Serious
Condition.
Russell Harper, a newspaper corre
spondent from Honolulu, was picked up
two hours after the wreck by Italian fish
ermen, who brougnt him asnore near the
Presidio reservation. Although badly in
jured and suffering: from Ion? exposure
in the water, Harper still retained con
sciousness. He talKed cheerfully with his
rescuers and said that he had about glve-i
up all hope, when they found him. The
lishermen sent word to the Presidio Hos
pital that they had rescued an injured
man and that medical aid was immediate
ly required. Dr. Lowell. Steward Keeler
and W. C. Henrichs of the hospital corps
called out the ambulance and flf teen min
utes later were at Harper's side. After
giving him all surgical aid possible undei
the circumstances, they removed him at
his request to the Lane Hospital. Harper
had his relatives, who live at the corner
of Washington and Buchanan street-,
notified, and they were soon at his bed
side. Dr. Wemple, who has charge of
the patient, refuses to allow him to be
seen.
"Harper is in a bad condition," sa>'l
Dr. Wemple yesterday, "and he must Do
kept quiet for the next two or three days.
I have forbidden the hospital attendants
allowing any one in his room. It seems
hard to be forced to keep his mother from
his side, but his condition is such that
unless he enjoys perfect quiet for some
time to come, there is no telling what may
be the result. Harper is suffering from
a compound fracture of the right leg and
in addition Is badly bruised, about tha
bodv and head. He does not seem to real
ize his condition. He talks wildly of the
wreck and becomes so excited that there
Is danger of collapse. Rest and quiet aro
what he now most requires."
"Did he talk with you concerning the
wreck?" was asked.
"In an incoherent way," replied Dr.
Wemple. "He kept mumbling something
about the ship's officers not attempting
to launch the life boats until after the
waves were washing over the deck.
Then he commenced calling out for some
one to cling to the plank and not givo
up in despair. 'I am going to hold on. for
I don't want to die. I want to get home
once mnre.' he kept repeating.
"I experienced considerable difficulty in
quieting him," paid Dr. Wemple in con
clusion, "and under no circumstances w!ll
I allow him to be disturbed."
R. HOLTZ TELLS
HOW HE ESCAPED
FROM DROWNING
Shanghai Merchant Graphically De
scribes His Experisn.ee in the
Wreck of the Steamer Bio
de Janeiro.
R. Holtz. a merchant of Shanghai, a
cabin passenger on the Rio de Janeiro/
tells a graphic story cf his escape. He is
at present at the California Hotel.
"1 heard the noise and knew that some
thing was the matter. I did not think,
however, that it could be anything seri
ous, a.nd, to tell you the truth. I took my
time about dressing. When I got up o»
deck. I was told to put on a life preserver
by my comrade. Captain Hecht. and was
ready for the worst. All this time I did
not think that it was anything serious,
but I soon saw I was mistaken. All of a
sudden the ship gave a sudden lurch, anil
I had Just time to put my foot on the rail
of the vessel when I found myself
launched into the water.
"I went down with the ship, and !n
some way I was held with ropes. I got
a terrible smash on the head, and the 1
I came up to the top of the water. . I
swam to a capsized boat that three Chi
namen were holding on to. I got hold o{
the boat and held myself up. The water
was awfully cold, and I thought that I
would die with the cold. A raft came
along with Captain Hecht and others on
It. They hauled me on the. raft and' the
boat was r:ghted. We then all got in it
and were soon after rescued by Italian
fishermen. A launch also came along and
towed us ashore. We were '-taken to n
wharf where they gave us dry clothes and
something to eat . They treated us vcry
kindly and made us as cozninrt&bls as
nosslble."
PURSER ROONEY'S
WIFE DREAMED OF
COMING DISASTER
for the Ship Which She Feared
- Would Never Beach
Kept Lonely and Despairing Vigil
Port Again
There were few incidents in connection
with the wreck of the City of Rio de
Janeiro more pathetic than that associ
ated with the death of Purser Rooney of
the ill-fated ship. . .
The purser lived at Ocean View with
his- wife and their two little girls. He
had built for them a modest home over
looking the sea, and the only happy days
of his life were spent there. Four days
ago, when the City of Rio de Janeiro
should have been in port, his wife was
sorely . troubled and distressed In mind.
The night before she had dreamed that
harm had come to her husband and she
took this message of the night as- an
omen of ill will to her and her family.
The next day in all eagerness she watched
the western horizon for the coming of
the ship. As night came on and she did
not see it she became more anxious. The
next day she went again and with her lit
tle children watched for the vessel that
did not come.
There were ships on the sea. but none
of them was the ship which bore her hus
band. On the third day again she
watched, and when .darkness came and
she could no longer, see out upon the
waters she went to her home with dread
fastened upon her. and yesterday morn
ing she learned that in the blackness that
preceds the dawn the City of Rio de
Janeiro had gone down at the Golden
Gate, and that her husband was among
the dead. t-.--.v ¦
Purser Rooney was one of the best
known shipping men on the coast. He
was employed In the capacity of purser
for about thirty years; first for the
Oceanic Company and then for the Pa
cific Mall Steamship Company. It had
been his grave misfortune to have been
on board three wrecked ships, the last
of which became his coffin. He was
purser of the San Pablo when she
was lost. For many years he had served
on the San Juan, but at the solicitation
of his wife he urged thnt he be trans
ferred to the City of Rio de Janeiro, and
yesterday morning he was returning
from his first voyage on that vessel.
MATHESON ON
THE WAY HOME TO
MEET A BROTHER
English Victim of Wreck Who Had
Had a Varied and Highly Suc
cessful Career in the , V :
Orient
!-:•-¦¦ {
NEW YORK. Feb. 22.— Harry Cripps
Matheson, who is supposed to be among
the victims of the Rio de Janeiro wreck,
had b*>en In China and Japan represent
ing Birch & Co. of London, an engineer
ing firm. He was on his way to Peking
when the legations were beleaguered and
stopped in Tientsin, where he remained
during the siege of that city, doing vol
unteer duty. After the allies . had occu
pied Peking Mr.. Matheson went -for his
firm to Yokohama and Kobe, where he
took the place of one of- the partners, who
was absent in London. . '
Taking the City of Rio de Janeiro, Mr.
Matheson had Intended to visit a. married
brother in thls^clty,.who.ls a. newspaper
man. He had. been here several times and
had friends here.' • -
Mr.. Matheson 1 was for many years in
the employment of the Chinese - Govern
ment, holding the rank of - Mandarin.
Whtn he left the service of the Governor
of Formosa the imperial authorities con
ferred upon him the insignia of the Dou
ble Dragon, the highest order to which
foreigners are admitted.
Mr. Matheson was about '40 years old
and unmarried, his home being in. Hen
don, near London, : with his mother. He
was bound thither when he left Yoko
hama. ¦ .
Photographs of .Victims.
The photographs ; of ; Rounsevelle • Wild
man, his wife and child, are from Taber's
gallery, as is also the photogTaph of the
ill-fated steamer. That of Captain Wil
liam Ward was taken by Thors.
it. 11. Lome,
(Rescued.)
FREIGHT CLERK J. G. EN
GLEHARDT of the Rio de Ja
neiro made the following state
ment yesterday at the Califor
nia Hotel: ¦
*'V was working in my cabin
when the ship struck the rock.
I gained the deck Just as the ship was re
ceding after the fearful blow. I thought
that it was all off, and rushing down be
low I secured all the ship's papers. I
handed these papers to Purser Rooney for
his guardianship.
"When I returned on deck Captain Ward
was superintending' the lowering of the
boats. There was no panic until the final
plunge of the ship. The last I saw of
Consul Wildman was when I handed the
papers to Purser Rooney. Wildman was
in the purser's cabin.
"The report that Captain Ward locked
himself in his cabin must be untrue. The
last I saw of Captain Ward he was stand
ing on the bridge and was tying the rope
of the whistle to the rail. This was
done to keep the whistle blowing all the
time. I am sure that the ship sank so
quickly that Captain Ward did not have
time to reach his cabin.
"I saw two men lowering a boat on tho
stern of the steamship. I helped, and
turning around saw two women standing
on the deck. I grabbed them and we lit
erally threw them in the boat. Some
others got into the boat, but I was. excited
and wanted to get away. I just jumped
into the boat in time, when the ship be
gan to sink. We had to row like mad to
get away from the spot as soon as pos
sible, as I knew that otherwise the suction
would draw us down. ' .'"
"After we had got away, from the spot
the ship went down, and as soon as the
water had quieted we *-rethrned to
the spot where the ship had sunk. We
found two men on a life raft and hauled
them into our boat. We came close upon
another boat that was crowded with both
men and women. I don't know what hap
pened, but There was an explosion and the
boat upset and all were thrown into the
water. The screams of these people were
terrible. We rowed to the spot where this
boat upset, but there was not a trace of
them anywhere, and I am confident that
they were all drowned. We also saw peo
ple on rafts. " We shouted words of en
couragement to them. Finding that they
were getting exhausted and that we might
possibly drift out to sea we decided to
pull for the shore, where we landed This
wreck was the most awful experience I
ever want to go through. I think f shall
always hear the shouts of those drowning
people in my ears."
THRILLING STORY
OF RESCUE TOLD
BY A PASSENGER
William Brandon Jr. Describes Scene
Aboard the Steamer and in
the Water After
. She Sank.
William Brandon Jr., a member of the
London Stock Exchange and a cabin pas
senger of the Rio. tells a thrilling storr
of his miraculous escape from death. Ho
is at present at the Occidental Hotel,
where ho is confined to his bed from, ex
haustion and nervous shock.
"On Thursday night we cast anchor
outside the heads." said «Mr. Brandon
yesterday. "Captain Ward told us that
he would not venture inside that even
ing, owing to the dense fog. He said that
there wag no use in going inside Gbldun
Gate, as the hour was late and the
cabin passengers would be unable to land
that night. He said that should the fog
lift, however, he would move into. the bay
and lay off the quarantine station reads
for the quarantine ornqprs in the morn
ing.
•;I retired for the night and ?lept sound
ly until I was aroused by the shock of
the ship striking the rock. I ran up on
deck in my pajamas to nnd out what the
trouble was.. I was told by someboQy
that there had been an accident, but that
it was nothing serious. A Mr. Carpenter,
who was also a passenger, told me that
he thought that the ship was in bigger
danger than was generally supposed, and
advised jne to return to . my cabin and
dress. . I rushed back to my stateroom,
dressed, . took my money ana watch ami
put- them in my pocket, threw an over
coax over my arm and went back on deck.
I walked aft of the ship and noticed Mr*.
Wildman, the nurse and the two little
Wildman children standing near the stern.
.They were soon joined by Consul Wild
man, and from his actions he evidently
was looking for some means to save his
family. He was looking over the side of
the ship endeavoring to attract the at
tention of some sailors. who were out In
a boat. I went to the side of the sH"d
and saw that the boat was half full of
water and was commanded by Dr. O'Ne'.l.
the ship's surgeon. Dr. O'Nell - was in
structing the men in the, boat to ball out
the water. He also shouted to those on
board the ship to throw down some buck
ets for the sailors to bail with. The scene
at this time was beginning to get dra
matic. Several ladies .appeared on the
deck and began screaming for their hus
bands., The ship, I also noticed then; was
beginning to list badly to starboard. I
moved forward a little in the direction
of the bow *md passed two ladies. Mr<.
Wakefleld and Miss Wakefleld. To the
best of my belief they had life preserver?
on." ..•.•..
. "Consul Wildman was all this time with
his wife and seemed perfectly cool. Cap
tain Ward made his appearance about this
time and shouted to* Dr. O'Neil to bring
his • boat in close to the ship. O'Nell
shouted back that he could not do so as
the boat was full of water. Captain Ward
then took Mrs. Wildman.: the nurse and
the children to a boat ¦ that . was lying
alongside amldshi?. 1 . round a ;, life pre
server ly ine on the deck and put it on,
thinking that it was about time to • be
looking out for myself. About the time
I. had adjusted the life preserver the ship
gave a sudden lurch forward, and: then I
found myself going down, down to the
bottom of, the sea. • 1 1 can ; remember that
I, found; myself struggling Under the wat
er and also ' an . instinct : to ' save my ¦ head.
I don't know why this feeling came over
JK. CARPENTER of 1229 Web
ster street was returning frorv.
Sumatra on the Rio de Janeiro.
He was picked up by the s=«?e
q ond officer's boat after being
in the water over an hour.
"If you ever were struck by
a ball from a six-shooter," he said, "you
know how it felt when she struck. I
knew !t was all off and lost no time !n
getting on dork. The breakfast call had
founded and I was crossed. When I got
out of rny berth tho weather was clear
ss a bell: th^n th<» fog dropped like a
curtain and one could hardly see ten feet
from the ship's side.
"Tho ?rcne on deck was terrible. I met
the captain, who v.as calmly giving hi?
ortfer* to his; well-disciplined men. and
asked him what I c-culd do. "Get the wo
men to the b^atF/ he paid, and I went be
low. The ladies were huddled together In
a hunch and were perfectly unmanage
able. One of them was bent on going for
her cloak. A? she rtarted for her cabin
I commandrd her very roughly to follow
we. I had to start!.? her to bring her to
her sonses. I think <-he was saved.
"The h>oat which the third officer and
I wrre in was struck by the wreckage
ar.d sunk. I fair the mast coming at us
and dived to escape the wire rigging.
When I came up I .cot hold of an oar and
later on a plank. The water was filled
with drowning, screaming women and
men. It was frightful. Of course in the
excitement of the moment it was impos-
Fib'o to dr> much toward saving- them.
"They say the captain wcr.t down with
his fhip. I hope he did. He was the
finest navigator I e\-cr sailed with and
the horror „ of this thing would have
broken him down. The discipline on the
fliip af:er she struck was magnificent.
Every man went to his post and every
one did his duty.
"It was enly about ten minutes after
the fog dropped when we went on the
reeks. The cr.glngs were slowed down
rnd we were feeling our way. Still she
Ftrutrk very hard. We lay off the Heads
all night. At dinner last night Captain
Ward asked us whether we xvould be
willlr.g to wait for twelve hours so close
home ar.d we all agreed to abide by his
judgment. He said it was so foggy that
he didn't like to take the chances.
"Captain Ward r.as universally Hke-1
nnd admired. At all the clubs in the
Orient he had a standing invitation. A*
a navigator I never knew his superior. I
have seen him take his ship out of Naga
saki harbor on a thick n!ght when in
places there wasn't a ship's length to
turn in. I had made arrangements with
lum to take me ou; again on the 10th of
May, when I was foing out to the mines
with new machinery.
"I saw Mrs. Wi'.dman and her child just
before the ship -went down. They were
town below and the maid wanted me to
po to their cabin for the baby's shoes.
No cne seemed to realize how short a
time there was in which to act."
WIFE OF FIRST
MATE JOHNSON
NEARLY INSANE
Distracted, Che Wanders Along the
"Water Front in Search, of
News Till Late at
Night.
Mrs. J. C. Johnson, wife of the first
mate cf the lost vessel, is almost insane
from sorrow. She vis married about six
jean 1 ago and has always urged her hus
band to leave the *ea for some employ
ment on shore.
When the ftr?t new? of her loss reached
her at their home. 2>16 Fulton street, yes
terday morning she went at once to the
water front and wandered hopelessly all
day from one place to another; bepgine
to know the truth of her husband's fate.
No one could giv» her the least en
couragenv'nt and wcr.ry and brokenheart
ed she returned to her home in despair
at a. lat<» hour last night. She is pros
trated ar.d her friends are seriousiy
ftlarnr'd about her condition.
Frelskt Clerk Knsrlcliardt.
(Rescued.)
Photo by Dorsaz, Oakland.
ing promoted on account of the very val
uable services rendered to the\Govern
ment in connection wltb the Spanish war
and the Philippine question. Mr. ¦Wild
man sent the first disDatch-to the United
States Government conveying the newsi of
the destruction of the Spanish fleet In
Manila' Bay by 'Admiral Dewey on 'May
1. 1S5S.
He was much admired by 5 Admiral
Dewey and as a testimonial of his friend
ship . and appreciation that, officer sent
him the pennant of the Spanish warship
Reina Christina for a memento of the vic
tory. He was also a personal friend and
had great influence with Aguinaldo. the
Filipino le'ader, who wus a gTeat- admirer
of the plucky and wide-awake American.
During the more recent Chinese troubles
Mr. Wildman's services were_ of great
value to this Government and were high
ly appreciated at. Washington. He only
lately resisned his post as Consul Gen
eral at Hongkong and was on his way
home with his wife and family. His wife
was a Miss Letty Aldrich of this city, to
whom he was married shortly- before he
left for Singapore in 1SS9. Her mother
was a Miss Foote, sister of W. W. Foote,
and' of Mrs. Stewart, wife of Senator
Stewart of Nevada. Mrsl Wildman leaves
besides her mother, who resides at the
Renton. two brothers, William, who went
to Hongkong a year ago as assistant to
Mr. Wi'.dman, ajid Stewart, who is in the
Postofflce in this city, and a sister Vir
ginia, the wife of Dr. Biddle of Stockton.
ROUNSEVELLK WILDMAN.
late Consul General at Hong
kong, was v.ell known in this
city through his connections
by marriage, and his editor
ship for some years of the
' Overland Monthly, and
throughout the country for the prominent
part he had in the events Immediately
preceding and following the capture of
Manila and the subsequent transactions
with the Filipino junta at Hongkong.
Mr. Wildman was born at Batavia, Xew
York. March 13. 1S64. His father was a
Methodist minister and president of a
theological seminary in that State. He
was educated at the common schools In
Lima, and later at Genes«^ University.
On leaving college he came west, and set
tling at Boise City became editor of the
Idaho Statesman, which he conducted
with marked success for several years.
He was sent as a delegate to Congress,
and it was largely through his efforts
that his State was then admitted into tho
Union. In 1?S3 he was appointed Consul
to Singapore, and later to Bremen, Ger
many, from which place he was recalled
by President Cleveland In 1S92.
He represented the Straits Settlements
and Borneo at the World's Columbian Ex
position In 1S93, and on its close came to
San Francisco and became editor of tho
Overland Monthly. whi--l: position he held
when President McKInley in 1S97 appoint
ed him Consul to Hongkong. The follow
ing year he was made Consul General, be-
James K. Carpenter of Oakland and Freight Clerk Englehardt of ; the
Rio de Janeiro Tell of Attempts of Officers and Crew,- of- the
Doomed Steamer to Save the Passengers Under Their -Charge
STARTLINGLY GRAPHIC DESCRIPTIONS
OF SCENES ATTENDING THE WRECK
- - ¦ _ - - - ,'-¦¦¦ i . ¦ : ¦ ¦ >.,...*. . r ¦-¦...¦ -, , . ¦ ¦ ¦¦...-¦,'; ¦ '-
THE SAX FRANCIS(^O CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1901.
VIVID TALES OF SURVIVORS
«J. G. Carpenter.
(Rescued.)
Dr. OWelll. Ship's Sarffton.
(Rescued.)
5
THE EHPO2UTJU. -1' . | " THE EMPORIUM. | TEE ZSfPOBTmS.
\ Veilings for qgPMMT BBMHfe^fetfbH B I M £ ™o Soloist
1 Many of Senfw' tyle, Ml M ¦" F lil |^U||k II ImM T °' M 9 bt \
jf are ready. The most tt| pStfl" W |B ¦¦ J8 SMSB Will b? the pleasing .
*•* of 4. or < small dots' fia 1^™^% ._ , ,. _ y Fjft ,-'.. '. •., .
g on a very light mesh. P 1 Ool*l^llft.llte »&ZAA1*» " W, who «1 tag ¦
| 2 %%roi $US ° CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- -AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE Tplhii*." *****
I Three Clothing Specials »*" Price &*-
$ . - Jackets,
g a for Saturday Only (^ Dresses ,
%' Tjjfr Men's $1250 Blue Serge Suits 58.95 — Fast &±!&y&i&
fc* sJ$0K color, perfect-fittrng, stylish suits; pure worsted &£$$$ SftfftSm
V - Xzj* e\ t^l and all si'.k sewn. Th-;e fj T t3 are made in the popular / -* -' ~. -^
K 3 ./I K I \r~*\ Cj7 round CCTncr wck 8t y le anJ are fuaran-eed to be fall « J5*-*Jl Th " '" ***
,K " M f I IT^r s4 ii6>». f 11.50 ra!uc — as good as yea can buy, anywhere at *$B&^*f?£k day of the sale.
I 'HJ^mnfh M^--"-- 1^ S8.95 JmL '"31SJ
*" l/Pv7 IkU $5.00 Two-Pi=ce Suits J3.48—ETcry suit //^^^^ \ S3. 75
•f P I-iC/l I pAr**^ guaranteed all wool; new spring patterns /[ v^^Jk \ J l3 -°°^ clters
Jf .'¦.:.¦¦. K \y r * 'ly \J twerds^aiid casstmeres It grays, tain and browns; *Ires / V^*2 " 3it\ \ *nd Shirts,
*? II '*/l It fcrboy»8to 16 years of age; regn'-ar'y rold by ns at |" s CnS** * V />?* » SSmOO
JT i yrj j fs.co-.p.cUIS.tunfcyon.y.. « WW "/S.'i"""'
J ! 1 1 ¦VH // Boys' $750 Long-Pants Suhs 54.95 — Fine- >|l'' \ |2 3 .ao bret.es,
** k / 1 : T \ i looking cheviots and cassimeres in new spring v Ja:ketj and
J? _/Ur\ L— / V ''*& eo'orings— blues, browns, grays, tans; guaranteed all SVir.j. $10*00
*» &^ ' K. Lff*"Q^"v" wool; an excellent $7. 50 Take— 4&V2 Q CZ 69c Instead cf 51.0D for N'cw Flannelette
ti & special Saturday only %J^9 . .Wrappers, lined waists, we3 made, all sizts,
If '. '— ! — , ¦ regu'ailr $X.~o, to-day (Saturday) -, — |
$ Notions You'll Special Values in «*..:.!.. ./.„.;.: \\ 69c
i Need To-Morrow. Ladies' Neckwear.
2 Curduroy Binding— Per yard. . . .Go and 7O »**«» for t °- i^ * «eHn>S- . ..... ***** t-'ntil. closing - tl-ns
»* Sp'kes in latest styles — Each .... Io to 500 190 Vlndsor \J3-feh3a*fcfctoSTpj£* Saturday night. <CK\
£ Belt Buckles— New defigns.^ffc K> $1.50 Scarfs— Good AUSf.50, $$*£
J Shell Back Combs, new shape;.. 20c to $1 quality of lilk P^«^^^\ SI '23 Qnd * F*
fc» Loose Lock Pins, shell or amber. 5c to 2OC »n a full a-- ' StmOO Cor- J — 1
»* Machine Oil— Per battle 8c lortment cf f^^^f^^^^ ao *• O9Cm / V.
K Large Cube Pins, 100 count— Euh.. 5O p'»in colon, S*HV\#' An 'assorted Jot cf J~ 2^y
J> Nickel Saiety Pins, 3 sizes— D.zen 3c and prettily 1&&' fine Conet% > barilj GV9SM0&W\
*f Hump Hooks and E^es, a cards 5O hemstirched, N^S( <&<9 boned and findy made, /Wr§^J^NA
Cabinet Hiirpins— Boxes 100 pns for 5C are off. red at '£3$ ¦&&& standard rcakr.«, regu- | V&S&fff \j
?. ipecial ttleto- iSj 3» ** t ' i f firOm ? xo ° to \ V*£ * 'A %
ft Saturday Specials* cayo^y; n-.h %>» ( $r s*-s°, «p«"i «ata \\WYitx y
f Groceries, Liquors. 19c I| I >p?*\
J Eg(JS — Best fancy ranch; ->§£%*+ 120 Lace Co'. 5 f fk O%fG.
»{ to-day only, per dozen ... m%3%2 lars — Pjint *• T» ~ — — ~
& Coffee— Our be'«t Java and Mocha; none bcttrr "Veniie Lace Revere Collars (like cut), In a SpCCial OdlG OF
i rLr ;rfgu!arIy35clb - ;t "^Se' 47c Men's Handk'fs.
J, American C!ub Whiskey-Regubrly J 2 . 5 o Ladi"' Shield Bows-For high turn-down A lcading handkerchief importer, who
C» rallon- unt : l tlofinir timr to- collars (just received): in a large assortment . . ° _ . ; .
i ffijpTl^.T. $1'9O cfcharLgpattrrnsrare rruxked, &SW. to onfineb business smetly
£ McMuUen-s Stout-White labe' ; the fa«t «'h. ¦ • - • • A*OC to silk handkerchiefs, has closed out
?» bottling; special to-day, per — *% *% Ladies* Corded , Silk and Tnmmel Velvet to US all that he had left in Stock of
i dozen. Si. SO Stocks with sUkendi to tie in -_ Men's Cambric Handkerchiefs at
£ Rye Whiskty-Qu.rt bottles of ,fch and m.l- bow or »our.,n-hand; each O UG ,
?• low "Cream Rve : regu arly +•* ~* IBM m t\. « jt « » * • f£» » 1 . ,
i g| to-day:.... 6 .,.! 90c Hosiery* T X %££?? p m tt c *¦
»» ' tt%mmB§im%Mg%mmcxv- «¦»«#/ Ladies' imported i-thread Maco Cotton Hose; Lof I — About 50a dozm Men's White H-m-
h > ****rUiniert22p aiWU H^msdorf bhek, wi:h unV cached so'e or witched 10c Cambric Handkerchief),
jf Umbrella Stands. «d« unb:eachTd &«; high-s ? ii«d ~- «ch oc
i We place on ta'e to-c?av on'y heel, double sole;, pair, .y Am%MC Lot 2— About 453 dcien Men's Cori Edg:
- at ono - third Off Ladies' Extracted Polka ( Dit Hose, mide cf zoc Cambric Handkerchiefs at Off
*^ r*cqtil3l* t3nice& 50 silk-finished, -«xtra fine Maco cotton thread; 3 ton Z5C
tf V&W0Mgf d'fferentstylncf the best mikes many differrnt combinations in fa; t, durable Lot 3— Abou: 273 dozen Men's Hemstitched
* lif of Eng ish Jardiniens and Urn- «*=» - • O C-, Cambric HandlcerchL-f* that are _
£ IW brlla Stands. Thcs- are lines 3 pairi for $1.00; pair J9C re S3 larly 3 tor 50c, to-day 3 fOf «OC
$ m||» where but two or Children's tine ribbed, imported, 2-threai Cot-
tf VJI'lr . thr.-eof a kin! are ton Hose; double knee, hesl and sVe; Herms- m g* O nH WatfH Tn«
* \W -left and samples; re- d«f K«fc; «sorteJ Uni, carf?nal, pink, *• HW " M ** '°
£ W uar r r ' ccs of J lrd ''- 'kvand wniie; slz S 5 to 9 > 2 ; OS*% . O3y 9 3 Cm
•f 5*3 G!c§i5>«8 niercs range frcm F aJr >»-*v a .1, j e .1.
K J^fWv^Bv 45ctofizco each Children's Fast Black Cotton Hose- Fine J^\ A thousand of there
wfc}y^ yvTrJc*. anl the Umbrella ribbed; teamUs ; doub!e knees, heels an! \\C!Di/ open - face Nickel
£ <2Zi— 5> Standj from oc t0C3 . mlde or - a j UFt .rior qtaity, doublr- Watches, peridanl wr,
$ to £12.50 each. To-day cny, oce-third erf twl ted Maco yarn; drcay and «ceilent wear- y^^^^s. s*m wind'nz enr-c-
i cf marked prices. ¦ 5 ing ttxkings; a splendid we race; sue. V^PiTIS^^ /iT t r4
** J : -r :.--.-:¦ 5 to 9 / 2 ; on sih to-day only, # - MQf J^ 1 back, sumntced
Special Sale r* -.' ' * c MffiLS M\ fot on = ye4r - on
I Humholdt Cigars. Whiting's Paper. flft >L Mn^ (Satarda:0
** To-day (Saturday) only, the 12^ c size of the Whiting" s Satn Wcve or Royal L'nen Paper, 0ILJ * W
S Humboldt Cigars will be jo'.d — octav; or cemmercial s'xe — prr **%&./** \ S^t5^^--i>^/' #^ *»
Jf 3 for... pound jg&G 93c.
m cereal]
VcorrEEy
"holds its flavor to the bottom of the cup."
A* perfect cereal coffee of fragrant aroma and delicate flavor,
made from the finest California figs, prunes- and selected grain-
scientifically blended.
rlgprune cereal • is the most wholesome and nutritious
substitute for coffee and tea because- it is pure— absolutely free
from any artificial matter.
Our own special method of roasting and blending enables us
to retain all the natural properties of the fruit and
'fS^/^K grain * £ ivin S to the consumer % a table beverage of
Y 46% "A "Boil from 5 to io minutes only."
\^ins^/ all GROCERS sell Figprune Cereal.
the* I
°0 ty -c- I
Sor I
KIDNEY DISEASE 8
yeara I
success I
rcpvbTioft I
ffrte far FRH SAIIriX. I
Warner's Safe Cure Co. ff
fo» ROCHESTER. N. T. ACTANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Parc*IJ was bcra ia Ai>5;s.4£l*. C-S-tjf
not havl.-j; tie warfl '*-*sx» vysn the-as «r«
wtrtS 5 ccst*. as sr> preasJ-ss ttc-Uertd
fct »ath- ¦
XETir TOBK STATS ELECT105C— TX
H. V.. City. 34cKtr.~+7'B pteriZtr is th*
State -et New Tcrk la J33S vxs 258,M> zsA
ia IZA IZ w 2C.ir.iS.
ElIAKEEPZAIiS — Ejt*rrlb»r. CKr.
Aoc^ the fcert «-3Brs*starte» <ra the
works oi gh*k.<»v*z.?* *re t^ovr *£ Otx
rinwi. llo&aosi. Dw«a aad rirfdL
THE LORD MAYOn-S. EL F.. Fcrert
EprJa?^. CaL ,Tb* Lord Mayor ti VeaSett
\% rot aj»^5Jnv-l K* t» elerted by tae
Trad** <"Jj:.^i of Loados.
RED BEfrKiES-O. CL. OarfuSmr-.
Tolo Ocnty. CaL Th^ r»-5 b*>rrl^< th-.t
art 9 f*;a:is'"J i r:ly raiied is C»Cf«^r.m
*X*hri«:3a* IJerH»-?"jir* tb* iH*te?*wa*tjt«
•Arfaatif^la. caL'td !/y tt' EsaEferT;* a"-a
M?iJraT;s *sf *«rir -iay* "Toy^n."" Th*r*.
U ccltlrzit*! b-Air ia cany part* cf Ca!!- 1
forrla.
CRIBBACE— A SstaoCw* t«Jiy*bt«.
CaL Ia «rrCbba*? «*ard-« .. : |fl \vfzwz*:* >. so
matter boT ii*er- ro«y t 1 * played, ecru-art
rsias as far art-CWr'lC*— lha», «T *. *• 7.
tbor?h cot plat*d*ln •*-»rJ*-rH-e > - c^crt a
rca of fcrur t» the last pi«y*T. U ta th*
Jart deal ttoerew C. 7 *nd 8 tJCaC I» a no K
three aad crj« icr iajrt .r-srd-
BAKEBY AKT> COKFEXrriOKEBY— S-,
G*~7*xvtv&.- Cat The fo:irwls?r ytsh^ica
tlon* 5a tb<r Uaiwd Btatte are devoted *?»>
risJiT to th« teter**t* cf t-sier« ar.d er;r>
tJC3*r aad Bakrr. CtSrz^r. Crafertierer
artd HaJcer"* <3azett*. ICstt Yer'fc. aad Th«
ConfeciioEer** 3vc^zzi. FnHajdeJphia.
DOUBLE: PEDB-O—O. tsf F« City. 1=
a jc.£te* cf double * pwJro. T5 pcints. If A
acd B fcave cm to c> arsd C as-3 I> bar*
thr«?* to iro,' the last . aa=z*-d trjy fcr 12
rr.aie h!zh. low, rarse asd the two p*
drc*. thea A and B ma Ire Jack. A zzA T.
hartrx noad* grrrVtest tv rccrt ose poi-t.
wia c-=t. The coaat i» hi^h. lo-w. Jack,
gsss* asd p«pdrc- A izA B coly -w&^'-vl
orx to iro errL *ad sraJdrs' that es» rrvzsi
f-i. while C zzii Db li* rrcst erly ha-!
two. higrb and low, befor* th*4r oypossesra
csTre w-Itb tbeir Ja«k. wblcb »u tbe o*
in c r^*r cf evustisr.
THE FREXCH CHURCH— A. I*. B.Z7
wanif. Cal 1/Al.be DcralriTS* BIjJt*
was tbe focader cf tie Fresrh cJbsrth.
Notre J>aa3«i de» Victwim". oa Ba*h
street £aa FrarciBC^. On th» 12 cf !C>
vexzter. 153. L'Abbe BlaJve. th«a a rerf
fient cf Etocktoa. ws.s caraed br Arr^
bU-bcp AiersacT to f«wnsd a cbcrri te 5ta
Fraaclsco. Oa th<? Vtii cf Aprii. 1TX. be
psrrh2**4 tie ehcrca ca Bzra Etr*-rt as.2
ca the 4th cf May follcrwlrs It was *eii
rat»-d- L'Abb* El«ive dird ca tie »th cf
S*T?tesE"ber IRC The ftraprm-l »*j-rtfe waa
beid la San Frastyseo. la 1BX» the Freara .
ItaJian aad Spanish r^^Eiar.? Catholics at
teadfcd services ra ti>* ci3 frazae eh"=rrii czi
VaUejo rtn*t. Et_ Francis. a=d ia i«t«r
j-e-ars 3=d Tsr.tH tie Iiu*i;-Ktr*rt cb.nrra
wt« <;«>(2lcated tbe Fr«=.eb Catbolic* st
teeded sass rn St. Siarr'i CatJbrdrjj at
the corstr cf Ca2Iaisia| asd Irsycsct
£tre*ts_
GSPJiAX MEA5I-SS-»-F. Z>.. City- Be
beola. cr the Gemaa rn.e2*:?j, is &2 .EtTrt*.
s-j-edic exarthenato-uf.. cc^tagioms B>
eaj>e cf ehUdrea. characterizes tr *^>-
largessest cf tbe KTir^erSrisJ Ijin.^f^^
glaadx. eypedaHy those cf ti» n^ri 1 . t-T
caiarrhal yyrsptcsxs zni by an *T-rT>tkm
appeariasr irrt vpen the face aaJ bczl!?.
asd ccrtyirLtsjr cf acsaH rr»e-rT»lor»-3
rpots- It Is 1 ollcr«r»d tty a idgfttlT t>ra=trry
de!*qcaai£tica. Th» p>*ric«l cf inniba
ticix Is fnxa elrrea Ti? twelve £zt*.
Ia what Ib pfa*ral]y known a* n»s*!e«
the laccbatloa is abemt a f ortrrisht. Thf-n
comes lassifude and sirrerteg- to3\crar~l
by beat of the «1tin. inrr«L»*-i ra-pdStr cf
the pels*. |BM of appetite aad thirst. Th
rwpiratcir ratscors trrr:rT3Lr? i« ef
fected aad- the syrsptoras are =-sch tie
saise as tfco»e oi a «-rrm-im cold. acr?ss
pajiied wltlJ a dry cr.-crb. »Ziriit •-r
threat aad tlsrhta-ess cf-tie ct^t%. The
vrcption chtrarter}?tlr of th*. €LM*se «jv
pears ca th* ir-arth . 4ar afu-r ti* c-crr
saeDce=iea.t cf tbe-?>*ira« rrrs&issaa ar:4
caiarrh. It 1« a rasb cossSytl-nc at- fls*t
cf asiaate red papulae, which rs tb=n-
E'dtlply coeJerce into crew?=tic pitrtwri
» m ¦
A CHANCE TO SMILE
Th» ?~»^ locl:^3 up zr.i saw "Exit* ca
th» dc-or. . -
TCell.** bm rr-ased. **tha.t let's at erst.*" —
SjTara* HfnH
"I tell you that J22er:e?s Cyerz't par-
The r=r?ft way fcr a r^rscs to set ahead
is to kff? isorlrsr.**
• ~I iasey ycn're rtr-t. Tist's tie "wjit
feer of r=r tessiat* pot &aea.d cZ ne last
week."— Stray Stories. ¦;. "
¦ "2lT racr?d frifad." »ai3 tie *llc3r
re»tleia*a. wlrh notite? el** to da. ~t re*2
a storr la -o=r« cf £b« Aaily ctni.tyfjg
•beat a ra»a thai erc?pe<3 deads »rter
drirJdrsr a glass d beer. Was ret tiat
horrib!<??"
"ilipht fcave been ' worse," stll the cb
iecz of cliaritr.
"HowT*
"He srfg-at have drspp^a fiea^ befcr*
drlrKn* it."— Icdiasai>ells Press.
Zjt.ir—1 wast a ioe that win lock ter
ribly Sere*, b-at won't bite.
I>ealer *ns*ditatlv*lT) — I E^ess yxrs'i b-I
ter ret aa irca cs«, csa.-Xnr York
r>r. Hawts*T. tie lasao«s Etoa isa«t«r.
¦was noied for Us ¦cnk»=3pt aj>pe*rasf«.
It was said teat h* was scoldlar fcr be
ing lite at norciar le*K>r:s |08Mi boy. who
replied that he had had to tisae ta dre*s.
"But I can <5re*s Ia tirae." *aii tbe d»c
tor: "Te*~ replied the bor, "lyat I wash.**
— Binaiagaaas (Earfan(3> Post.
"Tousp can.** said the j&szg lair's
father. "y6a have boasted *#veraT tlraes
ttat votj po«(sess aa ncacred naaje."
"Te». sir.** replied the raitcr. taudstUr.
"Well, may I isqulre what bank U win
b* honored -at and for how Et^chT*— 7!t-
Eits.
Harvard Hasben — Tes. Tza i!«^ys ftrtF^
ested la perpetaal laotioa 12eas. 1 1T!c»
'era.
Tatterdoa Tome— Yer do? What fcr*
Harvard Hasbea — They sever wc-rle.— •
Bcstoa Traaserlpt. .
illstress— Did you tell the Uiy I was
out?
S^rvaat Girl— Y<»?. taa'aa.
Mistres!*— I>3d she ««e3a to have arry
doubts .abotrt H*
ServajBt Girl — No. roa'a-cL; s>e .jta^a *be
kaew xba'wasa't.— Xew Ywk Herald. *
CacJce cariiesrTowascaS'*, Patac«"H3*eL»
CaL place freitHtc per 1> at TdwswtsS**."
'Best eyeffUssc? a»d rpws. rir.'4?r; lft«it
o-nt for SI <ia «.. fr cut. barber & jrrr.eerj\»
Special tnfenaat L-ta sxrpplied <!»"S>y to
bcitacss 1 bo-^s^ arid p«M»c tafnfcv th»
Prrs* Oir>rar.c Ttnrcao 1 klieb'*v- 530 iloat
cerraery n. T«lepho-r>* \Iara. TfHi . x •
Accorfflriitt? Blarco's w^rk t.n thp ftc.r*
of tie PhOilJisines, th^r»> *re tw«.ntj--^urM
peiQ^ra of palass, - . with , ei K h t>--wv«n
Go to th« luaxigTimion.
Th* Sasta f> wui r»»k? «ear»«on ntn^reem
CaHfcrai* ?<*nts ta "Waubrnrtsn" «na rftnrti en
tbe occasion of tls» rf lrsnruratios <>f Pr»«WM«Tsr
l^KlRley. K*r<h fth. Tfc« tk-k*t» win te« Kd4
ot Ffbnary !«h mrid Kth urf *•;:! >(. tftod : a
r*tnra, st*ttis«r fraa "Wmufcinrtsa, not ut»r
than Starch.-. Sih. W«tt or CbJcaca. tovtm,
e» tick«t» win W coba cstU M>tc6 SSa.
Ttpse ticket* win b« hoBc>wd en the'C»li;on!:%
UxaJl«sS.C*
nEPBURX of Iowa is one of the members of the
House who has attained the rank of a national
statesman and from whom the country has a i
right to expect dispassionate and sagacious counsel oa j
every issae that comes before Congress, It is there- i
¦ fore to be regretted that he has permitted his dislike ¦
m ftEzirjg at West Point to hurry him into extrava
gances of speech which show more of excitement than i
of reason, and discreiit rather than support the cause
The prevailing sentiment of the country is against
hazrrig. The people have read with iadigaatioa the j
evidence given by the cadets themselves of the treat
: ment inSicted by the upper class men upon the new ;
j comers to the academy. There is therefore a strong
['popular support for the measures now proposed by ¦
¦ Congress for putting an end to hazing, not only at i
¦ West Point, bet at the naval academy at Annapolis. '
1 and Mr. Hepburn has the pablic sympathy on his side ;
I in urging the adoption of the measures. He cannot i
; hope, however, to have any widespread approval of
\ the speech he made oa the subject when the bill was
i nzidtT consideration on Thursday.
In his zealous desire to make a strong impression :
j upon the House Mr. Hepburn, after' describing the ;
' hazing at West Point and at Annapolis as "the cow- :
j :ng and browbeating of the j'ounger class," consist
i ing largely of " "brutal prize-fights," went oa to
! tay: "Why is the Navy Department 8oco men short
1 of its complement? Why have there* b'eeh "4600 dr
i sertions from the -army? It is because the men are
s American citizens compelled to serve under nea
schooled in tyranny snd oppression. * * * i Men
1 inured to the custom cf hazing are unfit to coinrnani,
I the troops or the sailors of the United States, "aad our
I boys will not serve under men reared in the unwhole
some, pernicious and damnable atmosphere of -ty-"
! ranny." __. .
Xo» all of that is just so much ranting. Hazisg
! is bad, but the American officer, neither in the navy
i cor in the army, is a schooled tyrant. Doubtless thete
I are overbearing men ia the service, and h -is also
j probable that such men give rise to a good deal of
j irritation among the men in the ranks, buijVuch of-'
! fenses are the result of a naturally bad disposition and
j cannot be rightly attributed to the training received'
at the academies. _ . .
Haziag and fist-fighting have been practiced "among.
] the youths of the Anglo-Saxon race from Im
\ niemorial time. They are survivals of barbarism and
fought to be suppressed, but there is* nothing -to be
] gained by exaggerating their evil effects. The officers
I of ' the American army and navy are not as *a nils
I given _ to. the practice of any kind of tyranny in .the
J command of their men. It is to tie doubled if there,
j has ever been in the history of the world an array
J where better relations exist between the men aad the
I officers than our own. In; fact, during the Civil War
¦ it was frequently noted that the officers selected from
civil life were more swaggering in. command and
more despotic ia authority than those trained at West"
Point. "
• We ali wish hazing abolished, not only at the na-
I tional academies but at all the 'universities' and ' col-
HEPBURN SLOPS OVER.
WEYLER IN THE SADDLE.
I I ROM all reports concerning affairs in Spain it
I appears that General Wjryler has completely
lived down the discredit of his fiasco in Cuba
and has become the most powerful man in the king
dom. , It was to him the Government intrusted the
duty ol keeping order in Madrid at the recent wed
ding of the Princess of the Asturias to Prince Charles
of Bourbon, and that fact in itself -proves the hold he
has upon the crowa and upon the Ministry. In fact,
he seems to have become "a power behind the th-one
almost greater than the throne itself."
So swift a revival of prestige oa the part of a dis
credited leader is one of the notable events of current
history- When Spain found herself involved in war
with tbe United States the" Ministry sought to shift the
blame upon the commander who had mismanaged af
fairs in Cuba. He was pointed out as the man chiefly
responsible for acts that brought upon Spain a con
flict that stripped her of her coloaies in the West
Indies and in the Philippines, and left her almost with
out any vestige of her once great colonial empire. It
is therefore evident that with all his faults Weyler
is not, lacking ia courage, 'nor in a certain skill in
profiting by opportunity. At any rate he has man
aged to master the situation and to adopt a policy
which has brought him power aad leadership. '
The Spanish people are broadly di\-ided ipto three
parties— the upholders of the present constitutional
moaarcby, the supporters of the old Carlist party that
farors reaction toward absolutism, and, finally, the
element that desires ihe establishment of a republic.
The disturbances ia Madrid aad elsewhere were <duc
to the feet that. Prince. Charles is a member of a Car
list family. /The young King of Spain is in weak
healtlj.;* .Should he die the throne will pass "to the
Princess who has beea given ia marriage to Charles,
and thus ihe Carl ists would have the sovereignty of
the kingdom. Against such a possibility the people
sought to guard by protesting against the marriage.
The Ministry seems to have been too weak to grapple
with the situation, and Weyler came forward as the
friead of the court and carried the marriage through.
One of the curious phases of the situation is that
Weyler has been credited all along with having anti
rnonarchial sympathies, and it is said he has had a
large Liberal support on that account. Evidently hU
character is judged in Spain from a point of view
quite different from that taken in the United Sutes.
He is about the last Spanish geaeral whom we i
ever have looked upon as a Liberal leader, and it is
difficult for us to understand his action in the recent
crisis upon aay other theory .than that of a man of
despotic -tendencies delighting in an* opportunity to
overawe his . countrymen by military force and to
crush them into sileace at their first rnurmur against
the throne. .
As a result of his new rise to power there is a good
deal of speculation among persons interested in Span
ish affairs concerning what part Weyler would' play
should the King die, It seems to be Conceded ths
people would j not wilHngly submit to the .-'accession
of the wife of Prince Charles to the throne, and that
a revolution would break cut. In that case \yey!er
would be a man of importance .indeed, . aad might
even cut a great figure in iaternaijonal politics.
Tljis session of the Legislature is so quiet it might
almost be called a "speak easy."
An investigating committee of the State Assembly
has reported that the children of the Preston School
are rot happy. Is it possible that they are parading
their sympathy for the notoriously unhappy and con
stantly warring officers of the establishment?'
THE CATTLE- GROWERS.
Ol\ the 5th cf next mcuth the urst great conven
tion cf *J!e cattle-growers c: this country wili
be held in Denver. As err readers are alreac 1 
*¦* -.zt. the American Cittle-Grcr* ers" Asst-ciadon :s aa
KSrxowtb cf the fcicdoa oi tnterer.s at the recent
cnve^ticr: of the NaticsaJ Livestock Assocjattcn at
S-c':% Like Ciry.
The '.:rti*vc'c ir-terest* c; the countrj' are in as uts
iitirfj-ctcr}- coad : .t:cr. because _ they are set har
rsoniors ia poScr. Xor is it nzr^rEJ th^t all ckssef
cf Hrestock growers thzn be sn igrtenest, s:r-ce the
c:ffererjt kizds oi stock will not grzzt ard occupy th
rar.ee thit hs.s r-^rsti tbe iriiepender-t crgarr.zctiot! cf
the C£tt"t-gro*Atri. They w^t the fetci^g capacrrj^ cl
"Y2J.1Z2- j .e us? ip'j>£^r£ icr t^-e ianc- Xz^^y taaTs^. t-rsc
prtirt.-:: fort ¦'. retries protected frcn zrzzizg a-d
rrort rejerres cztz'.tL because in the mountain for
est £.re the vz'.rr tocsces zzpoa which the catfkroer
deptr-d- Their oatt!r hive not the mobility of «heep,
which are read;!;.- crhet: from an exhausted range to
a fresh cne. to be ia r? rr-n exhauited.
The tuccessfni operatioa c: a catt'e rar.ge requires
that the herdstrzrj ihz'l bt a lzz&~ov?ztT. He trust
have heac-: carters La:3d:r:gs £r.d £he!ter, and ihj^s in
teresri are extensive there m-nit be stations for ths
piotec^sia cf htrd horses. These necessities rr.ekt
hitru as a rule, z large bad-owner and a taxpayer. H-;
interests are identical with the laad-ho'ding cencrran
ity, zzi. the iTz.zL~.tv: :"c.!:cher and cattlt-owner is his
n&ttire_ a. y.
1 r.e r-^rj:re of h:s occrpatioa zzzkzs the shtep maa,
as a m!e, iacepercect c: k-d-aolding. He needs no
btfir^znzn exttpt hh trtgcrx, z~$. his dogs need no
shelter. A vart cajonty cf the £ocks are tended b
w^tt^cs. s*r. c tr.e gre&tfrit tcrttmes ..-£.1* oa s^.eep ;n
the West hare been "sret; by tnen who rever owr-ed
twecty acres of las -3 ror paid a penry !or the gra«
eiter by tbe:r flocks.
They drive ever hundreds o: miles of territory
eTtry yeir, eitirg :t tare z.z.i Itarirg it dry zzi barren
b*iicd them. They tre the aggressor* ia trying to
bre«.k ap the forest reserves, because, having de
ttrcned the rarge on the plains, they must resort io
the sheltered forests, jrhere, z% Califorria't experience
There is ro vsz rzZ-zg at this. It is the nattiri!,
ztttitzTj izi uravcidib"? »5ect of rmning «heep oa
th- crp-a ra=?» :a s. 6tj cotrrtry. Parts of Earope
and cf Asia Miacr wrre made barrea sad fr^t!e?s by
&.'?? zzi goals. 7i»«t animals &!• destroyers
wherever they zre kept outside of iaclosures. At:?
trz'.la c:scovered this fihrea years ag-o. zrA by leasins
her public grazing tezis compelled their preierration-
Wbea the *heep-cwr:er was compelled to pay for whai
his sheep «e he tock paias sot to overgraze- The •
result is thzt under the leasing systeta Australia eus
tabs 112/XQjaoo sHetp, whh an ssmui wool clip
worth Sr23,*»,«3rv arrd cattle -which yield §&yjxo/xx)
mere. The revest:e derived from thcleases helps sn.^
:?rlc*'y in rr.^r.bg the annual colonial budget-
Now it is <>n« purpose of the Araericaa cattie
growcrs to brin? sSwut z zizr.ilzz £tzte of aSairs here,
fzi 2. tpax will be rude in the Denver convention.
Catt-r, when propeiJy htt&*A en a range in which
their owner has 23 interest Ji2i5c:fr-t to indrce its
prcs«rr2.tfbn, ife not flestroyers.' 'hot over
stocked cattle ranges-improve rather than degenerate.
If the Australian tyttera is adopted the cattle-growers
will hare proper protection as lasu&owxters and tax
payers.
Above tiV the beef strpply will increase and keep
closer company »itb the dtaizad. It is apt p'easant
to :ec bet: advsnciag' until it disappears from many
tables is this country. The consumer has as mach
iaterest as the gro?.cr in the ecoaoraizing of prodac
ticn. and no.cconotry is posrlble except that which is
to com* through the control and consetvation of the
SpGwornia-. !fa» a great and -direct in the
tubject- \Vc should te shipping California packed
and preserved rrent; to feed onr army in the Philip
pine?. But we are n.-t. Australia is selling her men
to cur Government, to be paid for by American tax
payers who by letting the opea range be destroyed ari
every year less able to bay meat for their oyrh tables.
Thic State, should have a large representation at
BRITISH AND BOERS
rATIGUED by the long duration ,'of a war which
they expected to end within six months, British
statesmen have tegtm to! seek something ia the
way cl recreation by tr mis g away from the war itself
and speculating upon waat measures to adopt to make
fare of the trails oi Tictory .after the* victory has been
gained. They hare now become aware of the fact that
to orerrun the Transvaal was one thing, but to coa
<jtser the Boers is quite another. They are dealing not
with a nation, but wilh a people, and they are won
dering how they may manage to keep that people in
subjection after the guerrilla bands have been
broken up.
la tic contemplation of that question they are faced
by the fact thai in Somh Africa the whole European
popclsiion is about 9C0.000, and that, fully 450.OCO of
them are Boers, whib hardly more than 400,000 are
Briton. It is noted, moreover, that the. Boers control
almost the who3e oi the rural parts of the country,
even- in Cape Colony, and are better nghters and
more "skilled in arsis than the British who live in
cities. Finally, the statistics for some years past sho.r
the Boers stand the climate better than the British
~an"d their natural increase is greater.
Such being the comparative strength of the rival
race? in the disputed country, a complete pac£ncat:on
is going to be a very difBcalt problem to solve. Evi
dently- the Boer? will remain implacably hostile. A
permanent garrison strong enough to hold the vast
region in subjection would entail a heavy cost t:pon
the empire, and, furthermore, could never cSixiirely
do its work. Several plans for meeting and overcom
ing the diScnlty have been suggested, bet only ore
has attained rnrch attention. It was recently stated
with considerable elaboration by the London Satur
day Review, aad consists of a proposition to increase
the number of British in So^th Africa by state-aided
immigration until the loj-al population far exceeds
that of :he Boers.
In advocating the plan the Review estimate; the
tt&t will cost Great Britain upward of $500,000,000.
aad argues tie empire caa better sfford to expend
a similar £crn in promoting emigration to South Af
rica than to run the risks, of another war. By the t%
pendifore of so large a sain ia improving the country
and inducing settlers to go out and make their homes
there it is of course quite likely there would be in a
comparatively short lime a British population in ex
cess of the Boers, and in that way there would be es
tablished a loyal force sufficiently strong to counter
act the hostile element. In other words, ii is a pro
posal to establish ia ihe Transvaal a garrison of set
tlers instead of a garrison of troops.
The scheme implies state-aided emigration on a
scale aercr before known to history. It would far
exceed all the Russians hare done to promote the
settlement of Siberia. It has, however, the defect thzt
South Africa is not a country attractive to fanners;
and it is doubtful if it will ever be fit for ranch more
than a grazing country. There is another objection
In the tact that Canada aad Australia are eager to ob
tain irrsrai grants from Great Britain, and they would
not be pleased to see the mother country exert ht-r
i fell strength to tara iauni grants, away from their
; shores to Africa. Finally, it is dotibtfal if the British
[?taxpayer ctmW be brooght to favor the plan. To a
flarge majority of the people of the United Kingdom
the Traasvaal is aot worth the raoaey already ex
pended, and accordingly they arc not likely to vote
$500,000,000 more to retain it
geepmled by experts and specialists for
The San Francisco Call
¦ v - »- — ¦ ¦
Public Land of the United States and How
ihe Miner and Farmer Must Pro
ceed in Order to Get It.
By Binger Hermann.
COMMISSIONER OF THE GENERAL. LAND OFFICE.
The General Land OSic* is only one of |
many bureaus uader cne great "depart- f
meai. It ranks In ieaiority*. la the j
Interior Department- To it li cca^ded the
rurvey and disposition. ;as weli as the
care and supervision, of the vacant pub-
He domain. Ia the discharge of these du
ties there are employed in office and field
curing the year approximately Z/A per
sons, ana these are f ouad from the ex
treme north usdtr the arctic jsun to the
warm currents of the south, from the
pnlf to the lakes and from the Mississippi
and the Missouri to \im PaciSe Ocean; and
soon it is expected that legislation will
extend Its administration to our cation s f
island posstJ^ioas la tne distant sea*
There is expended tax the suppon and
management of this- entire land system |
about SS.<M<m a year. For thejasi fiscal
rear there was received in casa through >
the General Land GiZce IUr>,7S*, this be
ing aa increase over the pr-evjous year Oi
njgx.iZi. The disposals of public teafla
during that vear amounted to 13,4i5»S?T
acres, an incrt-ase cf 4^71,474 acres over]
the previous year.
Extent cf ihs Public Domain-
It is frequently asked what yet remains
to the cation ol its unsold public domain-
It Is surprising to learn that its area if
approximately 1,<hIJ$'IAX2 acres, and of ;
tnis 154.74i.7K acrcj are reserved for va
rious purposes, such as for Indian and
military reservations^ national paries and
forest reserves, aad • there still remains ]
undisposed of and subject to appropria- <
lion tinder the various land laws Sl7.135.bSCl
acres. This does not include any pertion j
of our recent cesEioas.
The landed area cf the United States i
after the treaty with Great Britain a?- .
prtg-att-d aft.TW/ina acres, elnce which
tine -we have acquired 1 *<¦.'.*- ,~*.O acres.
making a grand total of 2,tSlJSJ,SW acres,
or 2M&&& square miles, as the tern- ¦
torlal area of the United States. This In
cludes Sb,K5,S.'»i acres within the Ha
waiian. Philippine and Porxo Rican isl
ands and other small cessions. Under the
operations cf the homestead law of Mai
la*. US. there • have b*ea eater h3 by
actual settlers ia the iaterver^at: thirty
tight years HS.£&3,51S acres. This acreace i
would embrace an area ecual to that of J
uintty-thre* Sutes the Eire €f I>e]awarfc
or fbia 1 and a half States -such as Ohio.
I>eseTt or Arid Lands.
Having thus briefly outlined the public
domain and its raanajrem»st,-it Is a or
der to present the general character and i
the nature of the soiL This leads to a |
comparative clasEiacaiion cf the- public }
lands, iriiich has never. &s a irhole, be*n
oSdally dettrnsiaed, bat which must be
approximately ascertained by reference to
geologic surreys throughout large sec
tions cf cur country • and • from Iana-cpc3
surveys, as well as from explorations
and. preliminary 'examinations £s to
other portions of the public dciuain. De
ducting the Alaskan area from the figures
above mentioned, representing the un- ]
app"cpilated public Ooni£ln. and not In- j
ciuding the recent island acquisitions, we j
have i£Z,lWM"J acres w!th which to cea 1 .
of this area there is found to exist 232.
17S.tt/j acres cf desert or arid lands, which
to become suitable for farming purposes
must "be reclaimed by irrigation. Ti-Ss
enormous body of laid is practically of
no value except as to portions comalni-g
a meager growth of glasses. To b* stiil
mor»» jrecise, it has been determined that
CSVO.OCO acres are absolutely -barren ana
irreclaimable. "VTCia.t io do with tie
body of the so-called desert lands is aow
the problem, and at no tiin* Has the
CueBtion confronied Corgress and the na
tion as it does to-day.
Numerous projects are proposed where- ¦
by irrigation is to t*-. a means of recla
mation. By some a cession to the States
t* advocated, ard irrigation by State aid ;
and under State control, or by transfer \
from the State to corporations, trhic 1 !
shall own the land and make recJania- ¦
tioa. A greater number seem to prefer'
that ownership and control shall remain in :
the general government, and the lands
being reclaimed shall then be disposed of
under existing laws or under further pro
visions to be enacted by Congress. There
are many who would be content for the
cation to impound tne waste water ia
reservoirs cr artificial lakes, and from
such supply furnish water to the owners
of arid lands contiguous to the supply, ;
and to this end measures are now pending
before Congress. Interesting data have
been obtalni-d. from whica it is now ascer
tained that aa available water supply caa
be s«»cured whereby 7i, <*».*>» acres can be :
irrigated and inad-e most valuable for
agricultural purposes. California caa be
beceSted io the extent of 11JMSM acres;
Montana, 11,0'W.OM acres: Wyoming. ?.OCK),
000 acres; Colorado. *,W)JL<V) acres; Idaho.
~,CM.QM acres; Utah and New Mexico. 4.- :
BfigJMff acres each; Oregon and Washing
ton, 3.9M.W9 acres each, and Arizona and
Kevaca, tJBMJXB each. This would creaM
1 773.0» fertile farms of forty acres
each. Should this nuch-wished-for sue- :
ce «« i>& attained -there would ctQl remain
*Cia75.'W acres for future age and for in
ventive geaius to contend with if It shall
ever be possible to make any advance
over present conditions.
! Forest and Miaeral X*ands.
Another portion of the vacant public do
main consists of woodland and forest, and
this, it 13 estimated, may constitute about
16 per cent of the whole. Already there
' bav» b*en 46.77I,12& acres embraced in
i tnirty-eight forest reserves, bat these are
i not included ia the vacant public land
now being considered. . There are, hew
ever, applications now pending— but which
have not yet been considered — for further
i reservation waien will absorb *4^3J*3
acres more for forest reserves, thus mak
ing It possible forever to preserve -to -the
nation for permanent use the timber
p'-owth and also to conserve the water
i supply. The character of the soil of such
reserves is chiefly clay and gravel, suit
able for tree propagation, but not for ag
riculture.
The Boil of ariother portion of the va
cant public lands is mineral, but this Is
Impossible to estimate in acres. It con
tains gold.- silver, copper, iron. lead, pja
tlnum, cinnabar, marble, limestone, gyp
sum borax alum, phosphate, asbestos; pe
i troleum and many other substances which
I are recognized -_as • minerals, while coal
I beds outcrop . in mary places, even in
I Alaska as far north as Point Barrow.
Coal land, however, is not disposed of un
der mininc laws, though regarded as min
eral. The soil of tie' agricultural lands
varies ia tjuality.
Methods of Obtaining' Lands.
A last consideration is as to the meth
ods adopted by the Government in order
to dispose of the vacant unappropriated
public domain.
First 'may be considered such land as
can be secured at cash sale or by selec
tion and scrip location, without the re
quirement cf settlement- All public lands
in Missouri are disposable ander private
cash entry, though they are also subject
to the homestead law.
* Second may be considered isolated tracts
I which have been subject to homestead en
try for three years after the surrounding
lands have been disposed of. and which
can be- purchased upon affidavit showing
that the lands contain* neither min«ral,
stone nor Umber, and are agricultural la
character. Such purchase -can be made
after a. published notice, "and upon the
public offer of , saie. ¦¦ = In -.case of competi
tion the highest . bidder wjctsres the -land.
not exceeding Ift acre* b^ng sold to any
one bidder. ;/ - vr •
Third— Tb^re are the > abandoned mili
tary reservation lands." which .can also be
purchased for cash upon public sale when
offer is made, at not lees than the ep
pralsed value nor less than Jl 25 an acre.
These lands are also disposed ' of under
the settlement laws.
Fourth— Timber and : etone lands can be
boaght for ?2 50 nn acre la quantities not
exceeding 1W acre)?, which rau^t be In one
j compact body and unflt for cultrvatlon.
Aa applicant in required to make aSVda-rit
that the tend Is twirbt f'»r m* own *-»n*-
Et, and not for sp^culatl* n. and that he
has made no bargain. !«> **11 the same It
must*be,non-mif)«'ri»l In character; At a
Ujnts named ¦ In the puhlJi-hed notice the
testimony:* of th« claimant, ¦ corrob>3raj«»d
by two - wjtne*****, »ju«t Y.n taken at the
local lufid ''¦ V* "" " - ¦}
Fifth— galin^ lanfls ar« *oid ton 'proof
that thf-y are s<.iljne, or salt sprtnir la'ds
•*nd vi-on ¦ public notice, ia the. hicheit
bidder at a price not lest than H S» as
a«*re. If tb»y ar» cnt so sold ti>»v caj; o»
ci'tsijw*! thereafter at prirat* caeb estr>
for flSan arT»". This ia^ of-JJ" *pp'Ie* to
ji few <?tst»s rnd is not operative" fa »ay
of *h» T*-rrJt«3rift».
Sixth— Coal iar.iB cac »<» pOi#UN ff"
119 an a-rre wJjjen'OTer 6ft*en tnijes ¦ f r*jo
a compl< tmJ raflroad, 4t*a C5 »n a-crs
wliea at a Jess "UsU-nc**. n-7t tiwf^ct 1**9
acr^-s ix^'nK sold to a slnsrie person. «st 12)
acres to an association of p?riM>as- Wb*r?,
! howji-^r, an association a four er ciori:
periwis shall trpend JjKO or re'jre lc
workin?: and Jmprovlag a. coal ndae tb*re
can b«" cat*r*5 f-»3 acres <•? coal lar.d. Tbe
first Is Jcrowa as a private cr cash «try
and the laiter a? a rlstt-*"
Seventh— Soldier** add:tlinal bojaiteaS
entries are basrd opon the law w£Jca al
lows a folfiier <jf tie United £tat*» ni tis*
war of the rtlxllion who niade «rary «
lef? ttan M5 acr«?s of land before Jns* 22
1?74. to take rsch an additional 'asjotat of
land a-s *tall c^rcplete tbt isaxiss'-as iC"«
acres aHcwabla la the- original er.Jry. Tfc«
same privlleg? 5s extended to ni« widow.
This ripbt is bow asriirnfi-fcJ*. *ad as wzeh
is poTclarlr Ico'jwn as "sol-Hers* ailitirwi
£l heso^sread *crfp-*" .
EJ?hth— A forest reserve lira Usd risfct
(i derived from the act of Ccr^r**f «
Jure 4. 11S7, which allows holders cf lasae
ia forest i«*erve* to rtliaqrish the «r=^
to lise Goverrutifrnt aad to »ele«l <-j-aaJ
«raa-ntJtI« of aoa-isiseraJ acfl «it*t««
puMc'dcoiato is Uea cf tie lands so re
linquished. , 1 .
Xtath— Private entries of public lanS* in
certain cases trar als-o l>e tsade -satiejS^
crezae Coart. Valentine, PcrterCeM- Ctip
pewa half-breed. EJcrux ha^-breed asd
other certificate* of *crip. which *fr« n^ade
receivable for noa-arfaeral lan^. e.toer
unoffered or srubject to private crsH en
try- K-3*«r»r. this «*cr$j> 1» *ls>o«x ex
nausted. biJt few fslries no* beis? snaoe
under !t, fcf^^-e fco isertion Is tratfe of ta*
quality which the law confers opoa each
ff-ecies jof scrip. . ., : .^ ,
Tbe Homestead Act.
As a second conritSeration cf oetiwis
we have -certain laws which r€-r2ire the
performance cf certala disties la connec
tion with the laud Itself, before <***»]«¦»
attach, aod aiara? these there fbtnua be
n^ntioned the hcaeftea-d art. Tti? per
mits 103 acre*, or lew. cf nca-rcir>craJ
public land, surveved or Taasurvered. xo
si;cb Miiali3«^5 perwai as sliall reside tipon
ar.d cultivate end fcaprove the land for a
continuous period cf five rear*, brt cis-
Qualifies aa eatryaian who shall ora nsore
than 153 acre? cf lard ia axy State cr Ter
ritorr- A deserted or a divorcea wi.e
can becoia* the beneSdarr cf thi.5 *aw
wbf never she is dep«i«fat cpon her oxm
rescTircts for support: al»o the wife cf an
insane settler or cne iiseapacita-ted to sap
pert bi^ farni2y. 'A tlncle woman wiso
take? a horcestead aad aaarries before
corrpletlnsr her five yearr* reyideace does
not !ce* her rirht provided she coatiaties
her re-sideace oa the land- "Where two
' hora**tea.d clalrcaat.9 are united in mar
riage before perfectia? their title but one
of them can acqtrire a homestead. Where
spttlenreat is made oa uasiirveyed laiid
the claimant is retjuired to make entry
within thr*« month* afier the fiitn?: of t-be
township plat of sarrey in the local land
oSce. An abacdon:rej:t of the land, for
fir month? will Justify a ccmest with a
view to the cancellation of the entrr- The
settler may" be allowed a ieave of absence
in ca*« of dtpreseSba or laiJure ef crop*.
ricknefcs or other unavoidable casualtr
wfclch make? it Impo5?ible for fcira to s-p
pcrt himself from the proceeds cf the
lands. * The pavrnect ia "Oase districts re
qciried of the homestead *stryaaa is J2S
ween entrx is made and *5 wnea nnal
proof is made oa 153 acres of land, cr one
half of these fees and commissions when
but 89 acres constitute the entry, ¦whil*
in others they are less. The full five
years* residence is not required of cm
who has served for more than ninety days
ia the army cr navy of the United States
dtrin? the rebellion, as rach persoa is en
titled to credit for the time of hie service,
but this credit cannot exceed four years-
A soldier or sailor, havinsr s erred three
yfars, for icstance, Ernst reside oa the
homestead land at least two years.
Similar provisions are now enjoyed by
tiw«e who served in the late wax with.
Spain. If a person does not desire to re
side cpoa the land the fall period re»;"sired
he may xnake proof ax the ead cf f ourteea
months of his residence aad cultivation
•jpoD nsaking- cash payment* for the laxid
at the rate o! OS per acre or C 53 per
.acre if tie entry be within the Usiits of
railroad land grants. Warrants and
scrip In l!eu of cash are also received upon
such commut€d entries, as well as apoa
timber culture and timber and stoa« en
tries.
The homestead entries for 1309 amount
ed to M7S.439 acres, being an excess over
the romber of such entries for aay year
since the close of the Civil War. except
in 1SS&,- wben the- entries "w«r» sligrhtlv
above those of 13OJ.
Desert Lands.
The desert land law gives title in con
sideration of reclaiming the land fcr- cem
dnctlns water upon it, and - It - mast - be
only ?uch aca-miaeral and aoa-timbered
land as win not prodsce a^rjcultnral
crops without artificial irrigation. Tli«
law extends to California. Oregoa. Ne
vada, Washington. Idaho. Montana. Utah,
Wyoming. North and South -Dakota.
Arircna. New Mexico and Colorado. The
maxin-iUm area which can be acq-uired
tindsr this law is S3 acres, and the Gov
ernment price Is {1 25 an acre. The bene
fit is confined to residents of stscia State*
or.Territcries.
Mintral Lands.
The laws ia relation to miaeral lands
and minine rights are as different as
those relative to other classes of lands.
Mineral lands are free aad open to ex
ploration and purchase. They may be
divided Into two classes— viz.. lode and
placer. Lode claims may equal 1S» feet
in. length along the vein or lode, and may
be 300 feet In wi3th on each eide of the
middle of the vein at the surface • Areas
less than this may be prescribed by the
local customs or rules of miners but not
less than S feet on each side of the mid
dle si the vein at the surface is allowable
The price is tl an acre. Miners In each min
ing- district are permitted to- make rules
not contrary to the United States laws or
to those of any State or Territorv. as to
locations, recordinp and amount of work
to be -done ia order to hold pos*e?<»lon
™ 1 L i f,^ so r^ u1 "^ that not less than
$100 shall be expended each year In labor
upon the claim until the patent issues
Placer claims are such as include all de
posits except those of quartz or ctber
rock in place, and no individual claim
sha exceed twenty acres, while 193 acres
shall be the maximum for an association
of persons. The price Is f2 .=» an acre -To
entitle one to a patent there must be
shown to be U0O expended uron the claim.
The mining laws of the United . States,
U 5 *«»« ' sltebt modmcatiens. are ex
tended to Alaska, while the general 1juj<j
laws as a whole are not extended to that
district.
f The foregoing' presents but a brief lout
u, v f i he P rincl Pa^ - le?i»latioa undei
which the public domain is aow beinj;
d!s P°, fi€ l J of - Tb « HmJted scope of this
article will not permit comment as to the
more restrictive but very important leg
islation as It affects only certain sections
cf the country, or as It may, be confined
in Its application to Ies*er interests.
• -. BINGER HERMANX.
T\ afchington, D. C.
"^i 1 "'.^' 011 «*n*f brine dors laitv tn«
car. said a conductor to a younp wonur
I who tenderly^ held _p. wripr^lEs little ob
\ jeet wrapped up In a *hawL
% ""Tain't a dog," «napped the yours
woman; ard the dJucomflted coaductor re
j treated to there^r platform ansid a xrei*.
ml titter.- He studied the case for *
few ailautes. and then. returnlnR to *th<
youns: Troman. said. "Miss, you can"'
brinsr c*ts ia neither." '
I "*Taln"t a cat." «iaid the young womars
( "It's a rabbit."* and the lonp cars emerww
in " confirmation of her assertion. Tb<
conductor looked nusxled for a moment
and then saidt "Weil, accordinir to th<
rules of < the : company, dogs |«, doirs ant
cats is doffs, but rabbits Is. insects* so r
can stay."— Birmlacham (Eat.l Post
SATURDAY - - FE3RUARY 23. 1951
JO'rM D. SFFECKELS. Pfcnriety. ¦£
itUtu kZ C«t=*rii*£ssJ U w. %. UJXt, K«s*r«.
t: \\ »f.nn-s orncE Telr9 J t J??JLJ2Z!Z2Jztl
pTsUCATlOSK ©FKICE Wmi-Jtet am* Tliird. S. T.
r.DiToniAL BOOM? Tl" to 221 SleTemoB St-
Telrpbonr Pre«i 2C2-
DeU»ere« Vr Carrier*. 15 Ont» P«r 1 «*'eefc
«!nrl* O*p!e«. 5 C*»t».
Tt=- br 3«*«- I»eln4lBJt Pott«C«i
r/t-T CAi.i- <^ri=^=c e=»i«ri. cs» t«t «-•*
r>rt.T TAl-T- '^-I^«=r 5»d6T), f J=»r£i* • ¦*
r>AI5-T CAiyr. isiseir* Srr.gart. J =j=£* J --*
SjAti.T CAt^-Er Eir**-* Xt=th- **I
er?ft-AT CAI^-. Ot» T««r...... • *-**
VrrZTZ.T CAUL* O=» Tetr - XrW
All p««tD«»tcr» or* MtkoHit« to recelre
• ob«erlptlon«.
t«rSr--^y to r^* te«* 5r A^ 1 * O1 - I) A^^'-E 58 t= cr5 * T
OAKLA>D omCE • - -11W Bro««war
C GEORGE KHOG3TESS.
XtsMpt Ttstif* iX-ns^xsLt^ Xir%tttS* Etfiiis*. Ciiaft.
f T^-»y *»f < «"« T*I«ji3s* *"Oesrtr»I it2-*O
*, £ A XOSIC C^P^ "r -" *~ r ' * P-^*
C. C C * w t.t<Tt .......:.'. .Htrtlfl 8o«*r*
SiJLW TO2Z HS^yUEEZX - A.K. V i::
iTEFHES B. SSOTB.........30 Trlbime Bnlldlar
3CSrr TO22 SI-gB ETA»7DE:
CHICAGO JfETB FTAKDS:
f^-^— .«. Hr.M. P. O. »rw» O»-: Greti Xsrtteri Sstet:
fr- — Ease; Asi^=itr= Hct^.
¦WjLfHTKGTOar <D. C) OFFICE.... 14O6 C «U X. W.
SOBTO5 E. CBLA3TE. C«rre«p«ade»t^
THE WRECK OF THE RIO.
CONFRONTED by the terrible calamity pi the
loss of the Rio dt Janeiro the people of San
Francisco will be :©o mztch moved by sympathy
an i by horror to attempt to proncmrcc condemnation
rpos - any one who may be supposed to be responsible
for the wreck. It will be the duty of the proper oS
cials ia drt time and by the well ordered processes of
careh:! investigatioo io determine whether any one is
to be blamed or whether the calamity may be rightly
classed among those iccidents which ocair despite the
best efforts of human virilance and care.
Once naore the gladness of a great holsdzy la this city
has been saddened by a fearful catastrophe carrying
with it sach a loss oi life as to ciord -srith gloom ths
whole cornmenity. The circsmstsnees ender which.
the disaster occurred make it the more appalling. The
sood ship had/made ia safety her long voyage across
the ocean! She had reached the port of her destina
tion and was within the harbor. Her passengers had
gor>- to rest in the glad assonance that they were at
the Golden Gate, and that when they arose in the
moixirg they weald see 'around them the still Tcaters
of the bay, and hospitable San Francisco ready-to
¦welcome them, ; "> ' :.t
Sea ar.d sky s;tmed propitious to their brightest
dreams. There were no storms along the coast.." The
x'inds were tpntt^ and everything betokened y the dawn
ing of a 'btantifrl day, snch' as can be found at this
season in no part of tic. north em hen::sphere_excep_t
in Califcmia. But a heavy mist settled dewh oxer the
wettrs, and the good ship lost her way, went -strong in
the gloom, and disaster came ' '_ ._. . -
Ia the sorrow of this calamity, there is some conso
lation in the promise that science Trill soon enable men
to &z2sd agzinst such disasters ia the fstore,"_&ad to
grids a steamer with safety through rach a charmel as
the Golden Gate even in the thickest mists.
Among the many experiments with the Marconi
system cf wire'ess te^e^raphy no~e have been more
irterestisg or more premising than those directed to
the end of devising a means by which automatic s:g
r.als can be sent ort across the waier trorn every
rocky shore that ships frequent. The plan ha; been
to establish alcr.g tacb coasts a transmitter that send?
ots electric rays throrgh the darkness of night and
the mist? of day. Ships prbyided and eqtiipped -with
instrcments for receiving the impressions of the trans
mitted rays woald th— s be warned at once o£ their ap
proach vrj&nn a certain limit cf the rocks, and thus
be saved from -rrreck. .-
The mrriaaisra oi Ftscb instrnmmts will of course
have to be o? very delicate construction, btit bmnaa
ingenuity has r:aster*<l problems as diScclt as any in
volved in constructing then. It is therefore reason
able to hope that atnerg the many driBftd ccn now
working oat the ersergies zni complexities of wireless
telezraphisg one will soon cis-cover a means whereby
thzt much desired result tnsy be attained. ¦
St:ch is the hope science holds out for the mtax£
Tor the present all that oar captains and pilots and
ethers in ch&rg- cf ships ess do is to prcnt by the
dree.d lesson thtt hzs bttn targht by the fate of the
R:o. Hr.^a life is subject to accident oa, land or
sea, and frecrrntly disaster conaes so swiftly and ia a
¦a ay so enrspected that ro one can be held directly
to b!sc:e; bt:t a^ivays it is to be noted that when in
qtsry is made it is foaad that hed there been fail care
the disaster could have been avoided. The moral of
every srsch catastrophe is to impress more and raor:
cj>ca marikjad the imperative need of .unceasing vigi
lance The dscgers that confront humanity are rare!y
ever greater than fctirnasity has the capacity to avoid
cr to overcome.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS
THE SAN fKAXUlSCO GALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 23. 1901.
6
Jeges.cf the.constry. bet ia.otir opposition to the old,
bad csstosj-we sltorld sol go too iar'Ia the way oi
destination, Mr. Htpb^m's speech'' shows a good :
deal more zeal than discretion and implies an inability i
so deal with the issae ia a statesmanlike way. -
AurrjTmt.vKT'Z.
Crri.t==— ViiirrCe. ..
Ortsi C>?er».-i»rs»*— "Crrtso 4* 3e:t trac."
/JciXi>-"Trhil Ear7?t.ei ts ire**."
Ct'r-rVt— " y »*« - Sldtit?, refcraary S- -
~r^w— "STir*rS of ?fr>."
Calllirrifc-Tbe 7!"*^* cf i'rr Trrt"
<i=tM. 2--o "a^i Tt.^t:ter— Tt-ievO ererjr trt«r=.3OB tri
y^^:^>" T^ilf^"*c^Ki*l» EecM*'.. E=rf27 t2*ht,
retr-_t.T :«-
a personal experience story.
Special reporter acts as **raps"
ia - , th« Berab.ardt-Ck>qxiellri
company. Skstch.es of bshind
the scenes and of the trtia
character of the rrancii actar
and actress, as it h»s never
bten pre*«nted to the public
befor*. Next Scaday'a Call.
Do net f org-st. It ia taaiqtx*.Silas RoTremn Jelin.
(Drowned.)
PILOT FREDERICK JORDAN" ''*
"I can only attribute It to the strong tide which was running and which drifted us en' the rocks. The heavy fog
prevented us from seeing where we were. The fog was thick and we could not see the land."
VICE PRESIDENT SCIIWKRIX —
"I think it would have been wiser for Captain Ward to have waited outside until the fog cleared off. I think undue
haste was shown by the captam in bringing his vessel In. A pilot is simply a guide." /
CAPTAIN* HECHT — V
"The officers, crew and passengers all showed splendid discipline; everybody tried their best to assist each other.
Life preservers were thrown around in great profusion. Those who were saved were singularly lucky. I cannot express
an opinion on whom to place the blame for the loss of life."
SECOND OFFICER COGHLAN" —
"The inevitable has happened and the Rio de Janeiro has been lost. So. far as I could see there was no deviation
from the correct course. It was followed until the swirl of the ebb tide drove us on the reef."
OPINIONS AS TO THE CAUSE DIFFER.
- Xo. 8 (.Horitne), Unldentifled.
(Drowned.)
The notice" appearing in Friday.'s Call
made it appear the ball and supper given
by the Cooks' A5«*ciaticn of the Pacinc
Coast would be held last night, but should
have read to-night Saturday. February
23. 1901, at Native Sons; Hall, 414 Mason
ctrsot. A s-2cd time is the programme.*
A Correction.
i CHICAGO. Feb. 22.— While on a wedding
tour. John; Hi^Blop. 'chief T engineer of the
White " Pass and' Yukon ' Railroad. J a* resi-'
dent of Skaguay,' met to-day ;;be
neath a suburban 1 train.: Mr.^Hlslop ,was
about 40 years old. He arrived In- Chicago
Thursday- afternoon" with^ his 4 .: bride; of
three weeks. . . k . "
Killed During .Honeymoon.
Death Hesults From the Surstlng of
a Blood Vessel in the
• Brain.
. James* B. Chase, stevedore and ballast
man, died yesterday morning at 2 o'clock
at his residence, 1535 Mason; street," Death
resulted from the rupturing of a blood ves
sel in the brain. For the past nine days
the deceased had been confined to his bed
from a stroke . of . paralysis.-- .
James B.: Chase was-born in New Bed
ford, Mass., in .1837. He emigrated to this
State' by. way of" the Horn in' 1851/. and
settled ¦ in i this city, where: he-has since
resided. • Shortly after his arrival he en
gaged in the ballast ; business : with
Thomas De Vries and later entered Into
partnership with Captain" Wolff. V
He was the father of eleven • children,
five, of whom are dead. He- was a mem
ber of San Francisco Lodge I. O. O. F.y
Master . Mariners and Legion: o f Honor.
The funeral 1 , will take place Sunday after
noon. .•¦;.-; ; ;- •; '¦; ¦- . : ;.\Y;: ; '", -•;•¦;•>
DENVER, Feb. 22.-Charles E. Ward,
druggist at 790 Broadway, this city. Is a
brother of Caotaln William "Ward, the
commanding officer of the City of RJo de
Janeiro, which went down oft the Golden
Gate early this morning. , -
Captain J. B. Coghlan of the United
States navy, whose son. Graham Coghlan,
was a second officer on the vessel, is now
In Denver, the guest of I. N. Stevens. Hla
anxiety as to the fate of his son after re
ceiving the first news of the disaster was
relieved early In the day Jsy a message
from the latter assuring him of his safety.
Captain Coghlan, Father of the Res
cued Second Officer of the Bio,:
Also in the Colorado
Capital.
DENVER DRUGGIST
IS A BROTHER OF
CAPTAIN WARD
It cannot be established with certainty
that Harry V. Austin took passage on the
Rio de Janeiro at Nagasaki, although such
is believed to be the fact. He left the
transport Sumner" there some weeks ago
and wrote to George A. Hanks. 540 Fol
som street, that he was to go out on the
Rio de Janeiro from Nagasaki as quarter
master. Previously he had been in the
transport service and for two years served
as quartermaster on the Sumner, Logan,
Grant and Missouri. Before entering the
transport service he had acted as quarter
master on the San Bias and other Pacific
Mall steamers. Hanks thinks there Is no
doubt that Austin went aboard the Rio
de Janeiro at Nagasaki, though he might
have done so in a subordinate capacity.
A report at the Morgue places. him among
the missing, but this may be erroneous.
Austin was 21 yeara of age and when in
San Francisco made his home with '.the
Hanks family on Folsom. street. His par
ents reside in New York.
Harry V. Austin Believed to Have
Been on Board the Hi-Fated'
Vessel When She Went
PROBABLY LOST
IN THE SINKING
OF THE STEAMER
LIVELY SKIRMISH
. WITH INSURGENTS
Many Are Killed and Ten Eiflsa Cap
tured in the Province of .
Cavite.
MANILA. Feb. 22.— Colonel Walter W.
Schuyler. with a detachment of the Forty
sixth Volunteer Infantry, had a skirmish
near' Santa Cruz, province of Cavite. in
which several insurgents were killed. .The
«Aiw» leapgi caprerre.frt-teii i •'TUfteST-;^' c JtT> ; »
did not result in the greatest loss of life
as 200 of the 300 passengers on the Golden
Gate were lost off thecoast of Mexico
in 1S62. Four hundred Chinese were lost
In the wreck of the steamer Japan off the
Chinese coast in the early '70s.
Only forty souls wore saved out of the
crew and 121 passengers of the Colima.
which went down in /1SS5.
The complete list of the steamers lost
is appended: ,.
Southerner.
The Southerner was lost off Cape Flat
tery in the early '50s. * She was command
ed by Captain Sampson and was one of
the first steamers sent to the Pacific
Coast. She was employed by the Pacific
Mall Company on the northern run and
was valued at $250,000.
Salvador.
- The Salvador wa^s lost-- near Punta
Arenas, San Salvador, in 1861. She was
the first iron steamer, brought to this
coast by the Pacific Mall Company ami
was commanded. by Captain .Wise. After
she struck a sunken reef in the Gulf of
Nlcoyo Captain Wi.se * beached her and
saved all the passengers and a part of
her cargo, consisting of .coffee and mer
chandise from New York. The total loss
was estimated at $600,000.
* .Golden Gate. "
The Golden Gate was" burned near Man
zanillo, Mexico, four miles off shore, July
27. 1862. She was a fine new steamer of
2061 tons, commanded/by Captain • R. H.
Pearson. The fire started in the galley
while the passengers were at dinner, and
though she took the brach in > half an
hour over 200 of. the 300 souls aboard were
tlost. Of her ten boats -the fire burned
ail-but, three at the daritS-. Tbe loss^to,
the Pacific Mall eomparny^wHVsnlp^andT
cargo was ?1, 750,000. . *
- Golden City.
The Golden City.' stranded on Polnf.St.
Lazaro, Lower California, February 22.
1870. This vessel - was one of the finest
owned by -the 'Pacific. Mail Company. She
was rated at 3500 ton3 and'was command
ed by Captain Comstock. She was on her
run from this" city to Panama and had a
full passenger list. Fortunately no lives
were lost. The vessel was valued at $590,
000 and was a total loss.
America.
The America was burned at Yokohama
harbor September 4, 1872. She was com
manded by Captain Doano. * Many Chi
nese Jumped overboard and were drowned.
Except these no live? were lost. One mil
lion dollars in specie was lost, but about
two-thirds, of it was afterward recovered.
The America was valued at $1,000,000.
Guatemala.
The Guatemala was lost on Tonala Bar.
South American coast. October 13. 1S72.
Three boatloads of people reached the
shore., while one containing fifteen per
sons was lost. The vessel was command
ed by Captain Douglass and was valued
at $175,000. , " '. . .'¦
: Sacramento.
The Sacramento was lost on Sacramento
Reef, 200 miles south of San Diego, De
cember 5, 1S72, Captain Farnsworth com
manding. The passengers and crew were
rescued by a steamer sent from San
Diego. Loss by vessel, $500,090.
- Honduras.
The Honduras was a British steamer
chartered by the Pacific Mall Company.
She was lost on the coast of San Salvador
In 1873. Captain Griffiths was her com
mander. The vessel was valued at $250,
ooo.
Japan.
The Japan was burned twelve miles off
shore near Swatow. China. The Chinese
passengers became panic stricken and
lumped overboard with their sacks of
Mexican dollars. Ovrr 400 were lost. The
vessel was commanded by Captain War
saw and was valued at - $750,000. , .With
$375 000 in specie and a cargo worth $9S,000
she made a total loss of $1,223,000. , - •
i . .• City of San Francisco.
The City of San Francisco struck Tar
tar Shoal, near Acapulco, Mex., on May
16. 1877. She sank at once, ten miles
shore. The passengers and crew - were
all saved. •• but "- the ... magnificent vessel,
valued at $700,000, was a total loss. She
was under command of Captain James
Waddell. United States Inspector Bemls
severely condemned the loose and danger
ous practice of leaving open the iron bulk
head In the Pacific Mall Company steam
ers; to which he attributed the loss of the
San Francisco. >
, Georgia,
' The Georgia was lost on the Costa Rican !
shore September "28. 1878, en route from
Punta Arenas. Captain Howard was' In
command and all on board were safely
landed, though the vessel made a loss of
$300,000. •¦ ' . --.•'•¦ *• :
City of Tokyo. •
The City of Tokyo was lost in Tokyo
Bay, near Yokohama, June 22, 18S5. Cap
tain Maury was -In command.. She at
tempted to run up to Yokohama In thick
weather when she struck : a sunken reef
and sank. All on board were saved. The
vessel carried $441,000 specie for China
and was valued at $1,100,000.
San" Pablo.™ '
The Ban Pablo was 'burned in' 1 ¦ the
Straits of Formosa April' 18, ; 1887, Captain
Reed commanding. Fire broke out at 3
a. m. The British steamer PechlU was
sighted soon after and agreed to ' take
off the passengers and crew. The steamer
was attacked at daylight by 1000 pirates ,
who were driven off with hot water. : They
again boarded her after her abandonment
and set her. "on fire,- causing, an explosion
which killed nearly all of the pirates. The
vessel and cargo proved a total loss. 'The
steamer was valued at $500,000. '
; Granada. -
Granada went ashore at Point Tigrul
pan June 22," 1889. while en route from Man
zanlllo to San' Francisco; Captain Deerlng
In command." All on board- were saved.
Loss, $200,000. ' . / -;
' Nicaragua.^
The Nicaragua* was lost near Point Ro
mluias, San Salvador,^ December 5,,1891f
Captain Nlckerson in command." She was
making her maiden trip • f -om " San v Fran
cisco * to '"¦ Panama when sh, •> struck < on a
hidden.'reef,. and soon. aft:r' sunk." No
lives were lost. The vesser was valued at
$350,000. ; . ~ / ¦¦ ¦¦• "
I, :' , City, of ;New. York. ¦;„ ;. ! ,
..The City of New York was lost on Point
Though her name does .not appear on
th© passenger lists. Miss Katie Reldy is
believed to have been aboard the ill-fateil
steamship, and- the fact that her San
Francisco relatives have not received any
Information from her tends to the belfrf
that she may be among the missing.- Miss
Reidy. who lived with her sister. Mrs
James Bradley, at 1376 Sacramento stree*.
went to Hongkong four years ago with
the family of Consul Wildman as nurse.
She was to accompany them back to San
Francisco in the same capacity, and her
relatives were awaiting her return on the'
Rio de Janeiro. The passenger list simply
gives after the names of. Consul General
Wlldmaa and wife, "two children and
Therelatlvesof Miss Reidy. made a fruit
less search for her yesterday. It may be
that she did not accompany .the-Wild
mans home, though that seems Improb
able to her relatives. Miss Keldy's par
ents live In South Ireland. ' Another of
her two sisters. Mrs.* Joseph Flynn, lives
at '36S4 Eighteenth Btreet. . ' -^.i,-
Before the Rio sailed < from Hongkong
M!«s Reldy notified her San Francisco
relatives of . her Intended departure by
that steamer. '^MRMfl^K
Been, on Rio, Although Rela
tives Thought She Was
on Vessel.
Miss Katie Beldy Hay Not Have
HER NAME DOES
NOT APPEAR ON
PASSENGER LIST
The Sea Queen. Captain Ike. Smith, re
turned at dusk after a thorough patrol of
the south beach as far as Pojnt Pedro.
No bodies were seen' during the trip, but
the shore was covered witn •wreckage.
Darkness put an end to the search, in
which hundreds were engaged, and the
boats came slowly in. They will be out
again at daylight, but chances are few
that many more bodies will be recovered.
The action of the water will tend to dis
figure the features also and make identi
fication difficult. .
Both the body and the wreckage had
been recovered from a floating section of
the cabin, containing six staterooms. At
dark six small boats were vainly trying to
tow this portion of the cabin ashore, the
tide being against them. One of these
boats also had the body nf another China
man, and it was thought probable that
other bodies might be found in the state
rooms, but ¦whether the section could be
saved or not was doubtful. .
Thousands of people thronged the wharf
and every incoming boat was a signal for
a rush, against ¦which the power of the
police and custom-house officials was un
availing, and some valuable property
must have found its way past the cordon
during the afternoon.
At about 4 o'clock a boat under the
command of Mike Sarraille, 614 Francisco
street, brought in the body of an elderly
woman, which was unidentified but which
was thought to be the stewardess of the
vessel. The body w*s fully dressed. This
¦was the last body taken in at Meipgs
wharf, making a total of nine for the
day.
With this body there was towed ashore
a miscellaneous lot of floatage, which
contained considerable clothing, carpets
and cabin furnishings. There was also'an
index to a "Letters sent" book, the cover
of which was destroyed but which con
tained memoranda of letters sent to the
American Biscuit Company, the Wer
thelmer Tobacco Company and other local
firms. The name Ed Mackwirth was
written at the bottoms of the pages, fol
lowed by the stamp "Removed to 819 Pine
street. San Francisco."
Boatmen •were continually bringing In
wreckage of every description. Most of
this had been torn away from the vessel
by water pressure, although some wood
work was so badly splintered that the
seamen who were about were sure that
there had been an explosion. Consider
able straw braid and a bale of silk were
also recovered.
About 1:30 o'clock' Antonio Silva brought
I in the body of a man about 45 years of
age and with a full red beard. The body
was partly dressed. A few moments
later Joseph Safflni of 211S Mason street
towed the body of a woman to the wharf.
Th« body was clad only in a skirt, a
night dress and a rich fur cape, ¦which
had evidently been thrown hastily over
her shoulders. Diamond earrings and
finger-rings of great value were on the
body. The clothing was of the finest
quality. The honesty of the. rescuer, is
worthy of commendation- - Both of these
bodies wore life-preservers properly ad-
Justed, and the inference is that they
were dragged down with the ship and
floated free some time later.
and All Day Long Anxious
Thousands Watch Them
Work.
Search Water of Bay for the Dead
At the Occidental Hotel, where Captain
Ward generally had his headquarters
when in San Francisco, it ¦was stated last
night that Captain Ward was never
known to have a wife. As the parties
who called at the Cliff House yesterday
wore practically strangers to Mr. Wil
kins. there is no means of ascertaining
the identity of the woman who claimed
relationship to Captain Ward.
BOATMEN BRING
BODIES OF WRECK
VICTIMS ASHORE
lntroduced as Mr. and Mrs. Reedon, said
to be living on McAllister street. No such
names appear in the City Directory, how
ever.
Who is the woman who averred yester-
Strange Woman Calls at the Cliff
House and Asserts That Cap
tain Ward Was Her
Husband.
CLAIMS SHE IS
WIDOW OF THE
RIO'S COMMANDER
Miss Jehu had been employed In Hono
lulu. Ehe had been in the islands for two
years end was returning to her home to
fpend a fhort vacation when she met her
death. She was formerly employed, by
Chickerir.g. Thomas & Gregory, attorneys
of San Francisco, as a stenographer.
MreS ROWENA JEHU, who
was lost on the ill-fated Rio
de Janeiro, was the daughter
of Mrs. Sarah Jehu of 1S19
San Jose avenue, Alameda.
She 'was a native of Califor
nia, aged 26 years. She was
th» cister of Miss Jennie Jehu, a so
prano singer now in the chorus of the
Bostonla-ns. Ker other sisters and broth
ers are Walter and Xat. Miriam, Lizzie
and Maud Jehu. She was a half-sister of
Mrs. M. A. Evans, who resides on Encl
ral avenue. «
Bonlta Head, Golden Gate, October 26,
, 1893, Captain Johnsdn commanding. She
was going out In a fog under the charge
of Pilot Johnson, when he lost his bear
ing^. The steamer went ashore just un
der the lighthouse. No lives were lost. ;
The vessel was valued at 4225,000 and had
a cargo worth 5100,000. ;
Colima. ,
The Colima foundered at sea between,
Acapulco and Manzanillo May 27, 1595. Cap
tain J.' J. Taylor commanding. She -was. on
her one hundred and twenty-ninth voy
age and carried 121 passengers, besides
the crejy, and a, large and valuable cargo.
Only forty-one souls ' were saved.' The
vessel ¦went out with a large amount of
lumber piled on her decks, which shifted
in the heavy seas and caused her loss. The
disaster entailed a direct loss to the Pa
j clflc Mail Company of $900,000, and it was
besides subjected to several suits for dam
ages. >¦
Columbia.
The Columbia was lost near Pigeon
Point July 15. 1836, Captain Clarke com
manding, while en route from Acapulco to
San Francisco. She had $500,000 in specie
aboard, which was all saved, but the
greater part of her cargo, of coffee and
merchandise, was lost. Tie passengers
and crew all landed safel>*f r The vessel
was rated at 3619 tons and-was valued at
$400,000. •¦ .
SAD DEATH OF
RO WEN A JEHU
Leaves Position in Honolulu to
Visit Relatives and Is Among
Missing Victims o^ the Wreck
day that she was tHe wife of Captain
Ward of the Rio de. Janeiro? That Is. what
James M. WUkins^ proprietor of the Cliff
House, would like to be told, as 'well as
many others, who knew the lamented cap
tain more Intimately and who assert that
he was unmarried. Yet a woman whom
Mr. WHklns did not recognize made this
statement to him yesterday just before
the noon hour at the Cliff "House, She
seemed to be greatly excited, and asked
of the wreck and how she could be shown
where the ill-fated vessel lay.
A gentleman and lady with, her were
DURING the past fifty years the
Pacific Mall Steamship Com
pany has lost nineteen of Its
fleet. Tire list includes ¦ the
Southerner, Salvador, Golden
Gate, Golden City, America,
Guatemala, Sacramento, Hon
duras, Japan, I City, of ". San Francisco,
Georgia, City of Tokyo, San Pablo, Gra
nada, Nicaragua, City of New Tork,
Colima. Columbia and the, City of Rio de
Janeiro.
The foundering of the Rio de Janeiro
. ¦ ¦ .«;¦. - - ¦ ? • : : > . ,-- :• -
NiheteeniShips Is the Loss of the Pa
cific Mail Company— Many Hun
dreds of Persons Also Perished
FIFTY YEARS'
AWFUL RECORD
SHIPS THAT HAVE GONE DOWN AT SEA
THE^ SAN FRANCISCOl' CAIiL, - - ISATTJKD AY, FEBCTARY 23, 1^1^ /
Leonff Clmnpr, Art Student.
(Drowned.)
K. Holts, SUnnKhal.
" CRescued.)
7
LIFE OF •BAT.T.ARTTVf A^T
J. B. CHASE HAS ENDED
PENNSYLVANIA: SYSTEM '"'.
of railroads. •, ;. : • . .
Office^ 30 ' Montgomery "street •,
'AMUSEMENTS.
MOResars
GRAND' OPERA. HOUSE
THIS AFTERNOON' AND EVEXIXG
, . LAST TWO PERFORMANCES OF
MME. SARAH
M. .COQUELIN..
Under the Direction of MR. MAURICE GRAU.
MATINEE TO-DAY
LA TOSCA and LES PREC1EUSES RIDICULES
TOrNIGHTF6V.Sl :^c E ELI ' PEK '
Third Act or CYRANO DE BERGERAC;
Third Act of LA TOSCA; MONOLOGUE by M.
COQUELIN. and Last Two Acts of LA
DAMES AUX CAMELIAS.
MME. BERNHARDT AND M. COQUELIN
. Will Appear at Each Performance.
NOTE— The curtain will rise to-night at 7:43
sharp, as the company leaves Immediately after
the performance for New Orleans.
extSr,a !
COMMENCIND T0-M0BR0W (SUNDAY) EVENING,
p REOPENING OF STOCK SEASON.
MR. HOWARD HALL
"A HUSBAND'S HONOR."
The sensational Incident of which. will be his
rescue of a glove from a den of lions. '
Usual Popular Prices. Seats Now on Sale.
MATINEi^TO-DAY,
Saturday; Feb. 23.
Parquet, 25c, any seat: Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c. any part except reserved. .
A Big Bill and Entirely New.
DUMOND'S MINSTRELS; A. L. GUILLE:
THREE KELCEY SISTERS: JOHNNIR
JOHNS: AX, and MAMIE ANDERSON:
IDALENE .COTTON and NICK LONG:
DOROTHT STUDEBAKER: GEORGE
. AUSTIN MOORE: THE GREAT AMERI-
CAN BIOGRAPH.
f*m RIUDB A SMFBAKISCO'S
vULUnUDSM LEADING THEATRE
NOTE — No telephone or mail orders accepted.
All rearular first night reservations must be
taken up by to-day noon.
1M8S« FEBRUARY 25th,
ONLY APPEARANCES HERE OF MRS.
After Her London Triumph,
As ZJ\ZJ\ in
DA5TID BELASCO'S PLAY
(A Version of Berton & 'Simon's Drama).
MRS. CARTER, by Special Request, will
give an Extra Matinee,
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 27.
In Addition to the Regular Saturday Matinee.
PRICES— J2.C0. $1.50. J1.00. 73c and 60c
BEATS NOW SELLING!
tfiaVH EAT R £?A>
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
THE REMARKABLE LAUGH-MAKER.
"What Happened
lo JofleSa
SEATS— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
BEIASCO ahoTHAILS Y.r.!T&&
¦ mtsacnruAu f •
Jj Phone South 533
MATINEE TO-DAY & TO-MORROW (Sunday)
TO-NIGHT and TO-MORROW /(Sunday)
Evening, last performances of the Great Com-
edy Drama,
GHIMMIE FADDEN!
Bee th* Bowery Boy— CHIMMIE FADDEN.
• Bowery of New York Realistically Pictured.
DDirCC Evenings 10c, 15c. 35c, 50c
rftltLJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 23c
' -NEXT MONDAY— Mammoth Production of
"THE GIRL I LEFT. BEHIND ME."
The-Greatest Production of the Season. Pro-
duced exactly as seen at the Academy of
Music. New vYork.
CHUTES and ZGGf
BIG VAUDEYILLE BILLI
ESPECIAL TO-NIGHT:
Monster Cakewalk !
20 STAR COUPLES— 20
%
Telephone for Seats— Park a.
RACING I RACING ! RACING I
15C0- WINTER MEETING— 130L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY. CLUB.
"FER'u'TO FEB. M. INCLUSIViB. '
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day Friday and Saturday. Rain or shins.
Five or more races each day. .
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
lt:30, 1. 1:*>, .2, 2:30, and 3 p. ta.. connecting
with trains stopping at tbe entrance to th*
track. Last two cars on • train ' reserved for
ladles and thilr escorts; no smoking'. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound.- Ail trains via
Oakland mole connect with San | Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh - and Broadway, Oak-,
land.- Also all trains via Alameda moU con-
r.tct with San Pablo avenue cars at- Fourteenth
acd Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at .1:15 and
4:43 p. rn. and Immediately after the lastraco.
THOMAS H- WILLIAMS JR.. • Presid.nt.
R.*' B. . MILROT. ¦ Secretary. ¦-;,
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOtniin O Admission lOc.
The : Leon is, : • S wor. : McGreavey , and S wor.
Rosco and Sims, the 'Alcedos, Ruth S'elta. Ger-
tie Ansell. and Hinrichs'/ augmented orchestra.
Reserved Seats. • Z5c. Matinee Sunday.
Weekly ' Call/ $1 -rear
Lamps
g Special \ A „
I sale J Uil Heaters
Agateware
Jardiniers
fBottoin\ China
\^ ict *J Crockery
Glassware
©Dinner Sets
Toilet Sets
Arlwarc
Great Ameriean IaportiiiE Tea Co.
CITY STORES.
410 Gratnt A»-., bet. Post and Snttei
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
I4O Sixth St. 1410 Polk St.
U2 Third St. 18l9Devl«adero6t.
t*(\ Ninth St. 2008 Fill more 6t.
SOO6 6!xteeath St. S2I Montjomery An
2.^13 V.l.elon 6t. 32S5 Mission St.
TO3 Lsr'-in St. 2732 24th 8t.
?JSS Hcycs St. 475 Halftht 6t.
62 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1093 Waebln^toa 6t 1237 Broadway.
1183 23rd Are. 616 E. 12th SU
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA— 1335 Park St.
BAN RAFAEL-B «t.. near Fourth.
76 Other Branch 6torca.
tm EN
Cured While
You Sleep.
In Fifteen Days
~Gr»D-€olTent*" OaoolTea Ptrletur* like mow be*
aesth UM no. rvdoco* Kn!«ry»<j Prottmt* »oi
itrerrtbeoa it* 6eailBaJ Dncu, stopping Unlet *m4
Xmltalon* In nru«n Dart-
No ilmct to rain tbe stomach, tot » dtrc«t local
,nf posture application to the entire uretbra-ltrat*
Gfis-fiolTeot ta saw s llttnld. It !a preoarea ta
tke torm of Cra roe* or Pencil*, cmootn and sexlM*
%mC to carrow a* to pats tbe closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
* —*>• BcJame^i Am. Box B*. Cincinnati. O.kM
amared M creat expense an exnaast- p P| T 1" I
Ke lflttrtr»,u*i Tr«iU« epon tbe n:»,!« J, D L L I
KsJe appUeanU ¦ ••¦¦¦¦¦
CT II MFC i^^V 250 ELM ST..
>1. JAJ1C3 AJJ.Vi Cincinnati, Ohio.
PILES
Any one know* and knows when cored. W«
have offered a reward of t25 for 4 jreexa here
la Xjom Anre!e» to anrone with Pile* who could
cot b* cured with 1 box of Verus Pile Cur*,
and not on* person ha* claimed* tba reward.
We now offer and will pay anyone suffering
•rlth Pile* tad who cannot be cured with Verus
Pll« Ctrre. Our record shows over 10.000 cured.
Write for Information. Perhaps we have your
oflefcbor*» testimonial. Price J2. postpaid.
OTS PILE CURE CO., EOOI 226, Wilson Bit
Or ELLINGTON DRUG CO.. \VbclesaU and
Retail DnMTClsts, Acts.. Fourth and
6prtnc SU., Los Angeles. Ct*. ;
ADVEBTISEMENTS. . -
Hogs or
Gottorifields.
The leading by-product of the
hog is lard, which accumulates
directly in prc portion to the amount
of over-f eedin g : done.-
The leading '-by-product of the
cottonfield is the cottonseed. In this
nature nas stored up fosd to nour-
ish the^young;- plant | until- it ;can
f zed itself. It is pure, concentrated,
vigorous strength. ¦
White
Cbttolene
is made front this oil. c B»ing a pure,
vegetable product, it is ; wholesome
and nourishing, and \ as» we have
perfected the process of manufac-
ture until it is abs:lu:eiy odorless,
fhvorless and neutral, food pre-
pared with it is more delicate, more
appetizing , and more hralthful
than when any other shortening
and frying agent is us-d. Why
den't you try WHITE COTTO-
LENEr
¦ The N.K.Falrbank Company.
Chicago-Sole JUnufactarer*
-'¦FBFFlVOnr dainty booklet.
riiCC- .. A pubuc secret."
mailed free to any address.
For tiro 2c stamps ' we ' will
eend free our 125-pace recipe
•book, "Home Helps,", edited
f. by Mrs. Rorer. -
P. S.— No Uog Fat In COTTOLENB
WISDOM WITHOUT EXPERIENCE
Can be acquired by those willing: to pro^t
by the experience of others.". Our laundry
•work and methods* please thousands, daily.
Why not be guided by their experience
and let, us" please you? . Costs you nothing
for a trial— will please you ; immensely/; Do-
mestic finish . for' full-dress shirts if j. you
order ft. No sawedffes.-.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Off ice 1OO4 Market' Strait:
.Telephone—South 42O.-
Oakland Of f lco—54- ¦ San Pablo Avs .
ABSOLUTE SECtiRITY.^
Cenoine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of y^~^^^
. Terr small and as easj
to take as sugar. - * , W •
- QFF |A AD -n-n>|F0R HEADACHE. QVV ....
btt CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. btt
_„.„„;¦„ li^ITTIF FOR BlUOUSNtSS. #.-,•«,%-;«.«
GENUINE Ivfr for torpid liver. GENUINE
M PI LLS F0R COMSTIPATIOH.
WRAPPER H HI FOR SALLOW SKIM. VVRAPPFR
WKAmiH \jgBg& for the complexion "nArfttt
L^ b^ bhhbbi m ¦aaaai bJ ¦•• ¦ Ma«SBtaT% ¦ WN
P . i CK^iL'LVB MVSTIMVC9UPMATUIIC.
25 Cents I Purely T<getaMe./ <^^» »*^>)iw>
. " i=K,i3srr.EiD oisr r.eid paper."
A THTf RT»; M K N 'I'M.
— — ~~^~^-^..~-^~.-- . -
MATINEE TO-DAY
AND TO-NIGHT-LAST TIMES OF
The Sensational Scenic Production.
THE WAIFS
9NEWJTQRK
Commencing SUNDAY AFTERXOOK,*,
The Brilliant Story. Beautifully Told. "
"THE VILLAGE PARSOH."
Usual Popular Prices— 73c. iic, 23c.
Phone jtuth no.
mATlNEE TO-OAY"
TO-XIGHT-LAST TIMES
UNCLE] 33 Pc °p Ic -
JOSH Bands.
SPRUCEBY.
All New Specialtl<Ht. Op^n Air Concert Nightly.
PRICES— 25c, 3.V-, soc and Tic. Matinee—
Ice. I5o. 2Zc and IQc. .
To-morrow, Sunday afternoon, first time la
"this city. - ¦ •
AL <;. CTELn OREAT1CR MI!CSTTtEL8.
FIFTY PEOPLE— ALL. ARTISTS.
j ,
«ra m n ff £9| fi "»
* X l¥OLS*
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAT
I AT 2
••AMIAWIZ? WELL, RATHER."
HOUSK PACKED NIGHTLY!
WIZARD
% E NILE!
By Harry B. Smith and Victor Herbert.
Reappearance of ALF. C. WHEELAX.
"HOOT MONT*
POPULAR PRICES. 23 and SO ocnta
Telephone— Bush ••
| THE SAN FRAMCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
¦ TANFORAN PARK. \
Continuous Raclnsr. Eeelnnin< Monday, Febru-
ary 11. 1901.
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
Six Stake Events. Three Hurdle Races and Six
Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF THE DAT AT J:10 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townsend itreets for
Tanforan Park at ". 10:40, 11:30 a. m.. 12:*). 1.
1:30 and 1 p. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park
for San Francisco at 4:15 p. m.. followed after
the last race at Intervals of a few minutes by
several specials. Seats in rear cars reserved f*r
ladies and their escorts. Admission to course,
includlne railroad fare. $125.
MILTON 8. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWARD POWERS. Racine Secretary.
A T> TTf THE CREATJE8T
/\ f% I MA.NDOLIMST LN TUB
" z^ m> ¦-¦' * f WORLD. »
WEEK OF FEB. I8-G0L0EN GATE HALL.
GRABBER'S MANDOLIN CLUB, 100 Members
HAZEL. LEZYNSKY. Soprano.
ABTiuses and indorses t the Famous TVASH-
BURN Mandolin, for which KOHLER A
CHASE are sole agents. '. .
H&NSCHELS.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
TO-MORROW, SUNDAY NIGHT,
TUESDAY. THURSDAY and SATURDAT
AFTERNOONS, February 26th. 2Sth and
j March id.
POPULAR PRICES.
Reserved Seats 50c, 73c and (L00. now on
sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.*s.
DAI k f* t* These hotels pos-
r ALAUt •« e ribate j
that toansts ana
Qpfj,-:- ¦„ travelers appreciate
OI»U —central location,
0 Jj I II n liberal ' manage-
UllAilsJ ment, modern ap-
UnTI"! O point ment 3 and,
HiJItLui perfect cuisine.
Sag FranClSCO.- ropean plans.,.,, .
B.fiKV A M SB* Q.
fl s> H! ?3^ I bQ m TntTiS
M'9 0 SB 1 2a WJBk CjH 9 •IJ*' B
e&\ CHlCMt«TER'S CMGU9M
f EHHifROYaL PILLS
B»-<£ 1 TW _ _Ort«ln»T ««d Only ««¦)¦«¦» s
An *^Wrl CHICHESTER*!* KNGU9H
T?V t «»W>»rtb«>»n. Taftenovthrr. Beflwq
T>1 f*. "fVjl Di^nnm HutxtttcUMi* ud Islta.
• I / "7~ ffj tlono. la; ef jonr I)m«ut or nd ±e. la
1 *•' wf »u«jp« fcr P«rtlo»l«rv Te«tli«*>U!d
\9*. fP *ad for Lad lea."** fenar, 6; re.
Ctste tilt p»p«. WaOlMa 9«>m, PflllA. tfH
fftw J Standard remedy for 6feet, XT^|
h^&JK fi Gonorrhoea and Runnings fumv 1 I
/Vfe^ in 43 HOURS. Cures Kid- IfiuUT J
: ne| and Bladder Troubles. Vna^J
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARXY -AND WASHINGTON ST3.— RE-
modeled. and renovated. > KINO, WARD A
¦CO.' Kuropean plan. Rooms. 5"c to XI 50 day;
$5 to |S week; i> to $20 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: fire crates la every
room: elevator runs all nlzht.
They say Bernhardt Is a lit-
tle cross at times. Read what
a special reporter of the Sun-
day ' Call has to say in next
Sunday's magazine Section.CINCINNATI. :Feb. ' 22.^Cincinnati
members of the National Association of
Manufacturers, at a special » meeting to
day, adopted- resolutions to the effect
that the executive board of j the associa
tion, headed by its president and secre
tary 1 be .requested to meet in Washing
ton, each', executive ¦ committeeman* to
have the backing of his State, both in the,
House of Representatives and In' the Sen
ate, to take early action on the question
of the Russian retaliatory duties. : They
are to request - Secretary ; Gage andr the
Government to rescind the action impos
ing the countervailing duty on. sugars un
til the matter may be • adjusted In the
proper courts/ . , .
SENATE PASSES TWO ¦ /,\ 7,
OF THE SUPPLY BILLS
5 WASHINGTON, Feb.: 22.— Two of .the
great supply bills of .the Government, the
postoffice and the diplomatic and consular
appropriation bills, were' passed by the
Senate. toniay.^During the greater part
of.'the session .'the proposition', to discon
tinue the ; appropriations" for -fast* mail
facilities from New York to New Orleans
via Atlanta.and from Kansas City, Mo.',
to Newton, Kans., -was -under discussion.
While the-debate ¦ was protracted > it was
not particularly, lively. ' By a decisive vote
the Senate continued the appropriations.
An effort ".was trade to obtain, an: appro
priation* to * continue the ; pneumatic tube
service -in New York, "Boston and •Phila
delphia, but 1J failed.' . An • amendment
was agreed to authorizing the Postmaster
General to | Investigate the establishing of
a postal telegraph system ; and to ¦ report
his findings to. i he next ".Congress. -- -
- The diplomatic j and * consular appropria
tion bill 1 was passed In | record ; time, only
forty, minutes toeing consumed ; In its con
sideration, vi -,'¦':. >Vv •"- ¦¦'¦'¦'
After a spirited debate a conference re
port on . the ¦ Indian - appropriation 'bill ; was
.rejected and s^t back to the conference.
WEDDED AT SANTA ROSA.
Hiss Hattie • Austin Becomes the
Bride of Professor Holmes.
SANTA ROSA, F^b. 22.— Miss Hattle H.
Auftln and I^rofessor. Marvin P. jHolmes
of Dos Palois were married last; evening at
the home; of the bride's parents. .The af
fair was a very quiet one, only immediate
relatives of. the contracting parties being
present. : f The Rev/ W. O. Wagoner, pastor
of the MethAdlst Episcopal Church South
of this city, was the officiating clergyman.
After the ceremony the party partook of
a dainty wedding repast. ? .
The bride Is the daughter/ of Colonel
and Mrs. J. S. Austin, the former being
until a month ago under sheriff of , Sono
ma County ¦ and formerly ; president of
the Pacific Methodist College. She -Is a
petite blonde, whose "charming manners
have endeared ¦ her to a - host of friends
and acquaintances. She is a musician of
some note and is at presnt president j of
the Etude Club, a musical organization of
this city. . / :-:.
Professor Holmes is at present principal
of the public schools : of Dos Palos and Is
one of the promising educators of-'the
State.- -- -• - - '¦'-¦-¦ -¦¦*.:-;--. '• ..-¦>¦*
After a'short wedding trip the couple
will make their home at Dos Palos.
HOXTSB DISPOSES OF
MANY SMAllJ 1 BILLS
.WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.— The House
devoted to-day to odds and ends of legis
lation? Under ari arrangement entered into
yesterday a largo | number, of small bills,
in which : members are; Individually inter
ested, were passed. An hour was devoted
to unanimous consent legislation and ' two
hours and a. half each to the passage of
private claims bills ;': and private pension
bills. : Nine bills were passed by unani
mous consent and twenty-nine claims bills
and . 139 pension bills were passed.
Among the latter, was the Senate bill to
pension the widow,; of the late General
Henry W. L*wton. As £ the bill passed
the Senate . It carried $100 a month. > The
House cut the amount down to $50.
Dr. ; Kennedy Not Convicted.
NEW/ YORK. Feb.^ 22.— The Jury In the
second /trial of ; Dr. ; Kennedy ,> under ; In
dictment " for >thel murder_bf j Dolly Rey
nolds,- to-day , disagreed and the prisoner
is again in the .Tombs. -The Jury was out
twenty-three hours.- Kennedy will have a
third trial. ¦ • . • .-.-•<,
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Pensions Issued.
Postofflce and Army Changes and
. WASHINGTON. Feb.. 22.— Postmaster
commissioned :, Washington— Charles N.
Hathaway, Latah. Appointed : California
t-L.- A. RocKwell, Compton, Los Angeles
County, vice J. N. Green, resigned.
V The Civil : Service Commission an
nounces spring examinations for civil
service positions In the -Jepartmental serv
ice at- Washington as follows: Eureka.
April 10; Fresno, April 15; Los Angeles.
April 17; Los Angeles, April 23; Redding,
April 10; Sacramento, April 10; San Diego,
April 10; San FrancUco, • April 12; San
Francisco, April 23; Santa Barbara, April
10. . . - - •, •• , ..
OregorP-Pendleton. April 17; Portland.
April 15; Portland, April 23.
Washington— New Whatcom. April 10;
Seattle, April 12; Seattle. April 23; Spok
ane, April 10; Spokane, April 23.
Pensions issued: California— Original-*
Jacob Frederick, Oakland, $6; George W.
Owens, dead, Stockton. $S; John Sher
wood, Soldiers' Home. Los .Angeles. |6.
Increase — James Cossius, Pope Valley. $3;
William R. McMaster, Oakland. W0. War
with Spain— Original— Earl B. Hall. Los
Angeles, $8; William P. H. Ransom, San
Francisco, 16. . . - . .
, Oregon— OriKinal— Francis Terman, Ore
gon City, $8; Hlel A. HyCe, Prairie City. $S.
Additional— Jerome 4 Early, Joseph. $12.
War with . Spain— Original— Edwin O.
Heath, Lasrande, $8.
Washington— Original— Odelbert I. Sher
man, Bay Center, $6; Alva A. Knight. Ta
coma, $8: James M. McClintock. Burton,
$8;. John Landy, Cleelum. Jo. Renewal—
Joslah E. Van Gordon, Pasco, $S. War
with Spain— Original— Howard M. Hol
land, Seattle. $6; Henry O. Ness. Seattle
Army orders: First Lieutenant B. K.
Ashford, assistant surgeon, assigned to
duty accompanying recruits from Fort
Slocum. N. Y., to the Presidio, San Fran
cisco; First Lieutenant- F., C. Marshall
.Sixth Cavalry, now at Los Angeles on
sick leave, will report to the commander
of the Department : of California for as
signment to duty pertaining to the organ
ization of the Fifteenth Cavalry.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.-Senator Mor
gan of the Committee on Foreign Rela
tions has made a minority report upon
the resolution declaring that the ratifica
tion of the Hay-Pauncefote treaty is not
a condition precedent to the construction
of the Nicaragua canal, and that tho
United States should . proceed with the
work regardless of the existence of' the
Clayton-Bulwer agreement The commit
tee made an adverse report upon the re
port a few days ago and Senator Morgan
controverts the wisdom or that action.
Senator Morgan Intimates that the ad
verse report was made to conform to the
views of the President. On this point he
says:
The resolutions have my hearty approval and
I cannot admit that thePresident has any right
to direct Congress as to the time when It U
expedient to express approval o* his solemn act
of making these agreements with Nicaragua
and Costa Rica. ;"v\» , :
¦ This claim was made. In the committee and
his views us "to the expediency of action were
stated as grounds of objection to the resolution.
From this view of the duty of the Senate 1
wholly dissent.
In another connection he says on the
same point:
We are bound to asree with Costa Rica and
Nicaragua as to the terms on which canal
privileges will be extended to the United States
if. this subject is to be settled by agreement.
We have so agreed and the question is whether,
in ! a Fpasm of apprehension or under a subor
dination to the criticisms that British opinion
may Inflict upon- us, we will permit that Gov
ernment to compel the President to abandon
these agreements. They are honorable. Just
lawful and inconceivably valuable, and once
abandoned we cannot expect a peaceful resump
tion of them.
Morgan also takes the position that the
President has already outlined the posi
tion of the United States toward the Clay
ton-Bulwer treaty by negotiating the pro
tocols with Costa Rica and Nicaragua
He concludes:
It is <julte clear that the President Is making
these agreements In the name of the United
States, defiantly disregarding any claim of right
that Great Britain could assert to the effect
that her, consent was necessary, to', such action
on hU part ae President. And. equally, he as
serted the right of Congress to disregard any
'claims Of Great Britain to prevent the acquisi
tion of such rights from Costa Rica and Nica
ragua andto appropriate money for that dis
tinct purpose. Beyond question he has bound
himself as President and as a plenipotentiary to
thoss agreements and If they violate the rights
of Great Britain or Bive her Just offense, Con
gress la alBO rjound to either undo the wronjc
and atone for it and repudiate and - impeach
what the President has done, : or/ sustain his
action. ¦ , ¦¦'_'.:' . .¦
His Vitws Upon Ratification
of the Hay-Pauncefote
Treaty.
MURDER RESULT OF
A WELL-LAID PLOT
MORGAN OFFERS
MINORITY REPORT
CHICAGO. Feb. 22.— Further investiga
tion of the death of Salvatore de Giovan
ni, who was found murdered on Grand
avenue last evening, has convinced the
police that the murder was the result of
a carefully arranged plot, carried out un
der the orders of a secret Italian society.
The theory of the police is that Giovan
ni was murdered to prevent his appear
ance in a murder trial In New York. Let
ters found »n the murdered man's pockets
show that he had been summoned East
for this purpose. The Mafia society Is
mentioned in the case, but as yet the po
lice have no evidence directly Implicating
that society with the murder. Jose Mo
rico, one of the men arrested last nlghj:,
who was found to have a severe bullet
wound Hi the mouth, Is believed to have
done the killing. Carlo Battisto, who
came to Chicago from New York last Fri
day and spent much of his time in the
company of Giovanni, Is also under ar
rest. A clew to the reason for the mur
der was found among the letters in De
Giovanni's pocket. One of these letters,
written by a man in St. Louis, spoke of a
murder committed on Mulberry street.
New York, to which Giovanni was a wit
ness.
It also developed during the day that
Giovanni was .i member of several socle
ties and had many enemies. • ¦ •
In connection with the murder, the sa
loon of Frank Morici, at 57 Grand avenue,
was raided by the police' to-day and the
proprietor and ten . Inmates were placed
under arrest.
Salvatore de Giovanni the
Victim of an Italian
Society.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.-Mt>.
Charles W. Fairbanks, In
diana, 333.
Mrs. Donald McLean, New
York, 20S.
Mrs. Washington Roebling. New Jer
sey. 42.
Mre. Charles W. Fairbanks, wife of the
senior Senator from Indiana, has bee.i
elected president general of the National
Society of the Daughters of the Ameri
can Revolution. The balloting for na
tional officers occurred yesterday, but tne
result was not announced until this
morning. A total of 5S4 votes was cast,
one ballot being rejected.
Other officers were elected as follows:
Vice president general in charge of tna
organization of chapters. Mrs. Miranda
B. Tulloch of the District of Columbia;
chaplain general. Mrs. W. A. Smoot of
Virginia; registrar general. Miss Minnie
Mickley of Pennsylvania: treasurer gen
eral Mrs. G. B. Darwin of the District of
Columbia: librarian general. Miss Julia T.
McBlair: editor American Monthly Maga
zine, Mrs. EUery M. A very of Ohio; buv
ne*.< manager of magazine, Miss Lillian
Lockwood of the District of Columbi ¦ ;
recording secretary general, Mrs. E. W.
Howard of Virginia.
The following vice presidents gener.il
were elected: Mrs. William Lindeley,
Kentuckv; Mrs. George M. Sternberg.
District of Columbia; Mrs. C. Waring.
South Carolina; Mrs. M. T. Scott, 111'
nois; Mrs. M. A. Candell, Maine; Mrs. J.
R. Mellon. Pennsylvania; Mrs. M. M.
Granger, Ohio; Mrs, Major General Whea
ton, District of Columbia; Mrs. A. G
Foster. Washington.
Mrs. Manning presented Mrs. Fairbanks
as the next president general of the
Daughters of the American Revolution.
Mrs. McLeln approached the platform
and congratulated Mrs. Fairbanks. Per
mission to address the convention for ten
minutes was granted Mrs. McLean an'l
she paid that while her relations with
ilrs. Fairbanks had been slight, they were
always agreeable. She thanked those who
had been friends to the principles she rep
resented and then addressed Mrs,-Fair
banks, asking her to be a fair presiding
officer and to protect the members of the
Daughters of the American Revolution
from calumny. -
At this point, amid hisses and applause,
Mrs. McLean s was ruled out of order by
Mrs. Manning. Mrs. McLean continued,
saying that she was incapable of doing
aught to prevent a legal election «r to
do anything el$e which^she believed to be
wrong.
- Mrp. Fairbanks then j addressed the as
semblage, thanking- the members who ha-i
identified themselves with i her and in
vited the Daughters and visitors to a
reception to-morrow. A rising vote of
thanks was tendered her.
OGILVIE AND WADE
FIGHT AT BANQUET
Governor of Yukon Terri-
Reason for the Resignation of the
PEATTLE. Feb. 22.— A violent qbarrel
between Governor Opilvie of Yukon Ter
ritory and Crown Prosecutor Wade 1b
given by the Daily Alaskan as the real
cause of the Governor's resignation.
These two officials fought at a banquet,
according to the story, but the Dawson
papers did r.ot print anything about the
affair owing to the influence of the prin
cipals. The Alask?.n says:
* - At a banquet early this winter, where
there were present the Dawson bar. sev
eral prominer.t business men and officials.
a violent quarrel arose between the' Gov
ernor and Crown Prosecutor Wade. The
latter called the former a liar and blows
were exchanged.
"The appointment of your.g Dugas. son
cf Judge Dugas. to an official position a
short time apo was instigated, it Is sup
posed, by Governor Ogilvie. and caused
pome feeling between him and the bar."
SUCCEEDS DEVERY
AS CHIEF OF POLICE
Michael C. Murphy Gets the Appoint-
ment as Commissioner and Chief
for New York City.
NEAV YORK. Feb. 22.— The police situ
ation reaoh^d a climax this afternoon
when Colonel Michael C. Murphy. Presi
dent of the Board of Hralth. walked into
th*> office of Chief Devery and announced
that he had been appointed Commissioner
and Chief of Police of the city of New
York. A little later Commissioner Sex
tnn learned that he had been appointed to
mke Colons! Murphy's pJaco at the head
r>t th«» Health Department. Chief Devery
"'8f Rt once appointed First Deputv Com
missioner. Deputy Chief Courtrlght was
made Deputy Chief for Manhattan and
Richmond. F. II. Mclaughlin for Brook
lyn, and El!cf= Clayton for Queens.
Devery made a written protest to Com
missioner Murphy, declaring the law
under which he had been removed" was
void and saying that he permitted Mur
phy to occupy his office under protest.
TBAIN BUNS INTO
GEOTJP OF WORKMEN
Five Ken Are Instantly Killed While
Crossing Pennsylvania Railroad
Bridge at Sharon.
SHARON. Pa.. Feb. 22.— An Erie and
Pittsburgh freight train ran into a crowd
of men on their way to work this morn-
Ing. Five men were killed outright, being
cut to pieces. The names of the dead men
ZIKCARRO ROCCA.
GUISEPPE PARRAGO.
COSAGIRALO SUCCA.
ZINCARRO ZAPPI.
PASQUALA ZAPPI
The men were crossing the Pennsyl
vania railroad bridge and had reached the
middle of the structure when the Erie
tnd Pltt%burg freight train bore down on
them at full speed. Before they could
make an effort to save their lives the
train struck them, grinding all five be
neath the wheels.
BABABOS REPULSED
WITH HEAVY LOSS
Attack on French Garrison in Algeria
Results Disastrously to
Natives. \
PARIS. Feb. 22.— During a night attack
last Monday upon the French garrison of
350 at Tunimoun. Algeria, by 1000 native
Barabop three officers and six men were
killed and twenty-one men wounded. The
natives were repulsed, with 100 killed and
about the same number wounded.
Mrs. Matthew Fox's Awful
Experience on an Alas
kan Trail.
-Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Feb. 22.— The body of Mat
thew Fox, formerly bugler of the Marine
Corps at Sltka, lies embalmed in seven
feet of snow near Rodman Bay, Alaska,
while Mrs. Mary Fox lies in a hospital at
Sitka, slowly 'recovering from a 'terrible
experience.
Herjife was saved by a faithful dog.
Fox . had charge of the Rodman Bay
Syndicate warehouse, but lived seven
miles ' inland. Provisions ran short at
the middle of January-, and they started
for the warehouse to obtain new supplies.
Before they had gone far Fox broke
through the ice in crossing a stream and
was wet to the knees, but he still pushed
on." -.Scarcely two miles had been made
when they found that : it would be utter
iy impossible to reach their destination,
and they turned back. When they were
about half way back to camp j Fox told
his wife to go on home and get a fire
started, and as soon as he was rested he
would follow.
Mrs. Fox reached the camp and soon
after starting a fire succumbed to drowsi
ness and exhaustion. Whin she awoke It
was 3 o'clock in the morning and Fox
had not come in yet. Much worried, she
set out in search of him. All too soon she
came- upon him, lying face down in the
snow. ' Being unable to carry his body
back to camp, she brought blankets and
canvas and tenderly covered him over.
There he still lies, embalmed by nature.
: Mrs. Fox's suffering had now Just com
menced. Alone, far from any human set
tlement, without any provisions except
corn, her matches all gone, a great bar
rier of snow between her and her store of
supplies, her only chance of relief was a
vague hope that her father would come
from Sitka about the 1st of February,
should the weather permit.
Thus, twelve long, weary winter days
and nights she passed without light or fire
or warm food of any kind, her only com
panions a faithful dog and the vision of
that form lying cold and forsaken out in
the dreary waste of snow.
On the thirteenth day she could endure
the agony no longer, so she started for
the beach. How she reached there she
will never know. All she remembers Is
an ever present thought that she must
push on and that when she fell exhausted
time after time she would return to con
sciousness to find her dog licking and
fondling her. and dumbly urging her to
rise and try again. Her joy and relief
can be better imagined than told, when
the first sight to meet her eyes at the
beach was a canoe, and she later found
that her father had. but just arrived.
CR0WE WRITES
TO E. A. CUDAHY
FAITHFUL DOG
SAVES HER LIFE
Tacoma Longshoreman Claims Ha
ACCUSES POLICE CHIEF
OF BARBAROTJS CBXJ1XTT
Was Triced Up by the Hands
for Two Hours.
TACOMA, Feb. 22.— Chief of Pollc*
Fackler stands accused of shocking bar
barity In a statement made to-day by
Thomas O'Toole. a longshoreman, who
lands In jail for drunkenness every few
months. O'Toole declares that Fackler
this week ordered him out to work on the
street with a ball and chain about his
neck. He called the Chief names, and In
turn was cuffed and beaten, ha says, by
Fackler and Detective Moran. Later, ac
cording to his story. Chief Fackler had
him taken into a back room, whero his
hands were tied with a rope, which was
then thrown over a steam pipe and
fastened so that his feet barely touched,
the floor. After hanging thus for two
hours he was cut down by Fackler him
self, and the next day was placed In a
dungeon under the sidewalk, the floor of
which was covered with mud and water.
KICKS AT A DOG, FATT.S
AND BREAKS HIS NECK
August Koerwitz, a Nebraska Farm
.» er, Meets Bsatli in a Peculiar
Manner at Lincoln.
LINCOLN. Nebr.. Feb. 22.— August
Koerwitz. a farmer, kicked at a vicious
dog which ran at Mm as he was crossing
the 'street ¦ to-day. He missed the dog.
both feet went up into the air and he
landed on the back of his neck, breaking
It. Death was instantaneous. The walk
was slippery and the force behind the kick
ceused him to turn half over.
His ambition was to be a lawyer, but
there were few opportunities at home, so
he had come West to try his fortunes in a
new and growing country- Soon he was
elected Justice of the Peace. The office
offered him plenty of opportunities for the
study of his chosen profession and he
worked toward the desired end with untir
ing zeal. He was admitted to practice
before the Supreme Court shortly after
the close of his term of office. . For more
than thirty years he had continued In the
practice of law.'
Mr. Cooney was particularly well known
among the local literary and fraternal or
ganizations, of several of which he was
one of the founders. At the time the Irish
National League was at the summit of Its
power he was one of the leading members.
Mr. Cooney was 60 years of age.
MRS. CHARLES W. FAIRBANKS. WIFE OF THE INDIANA SENATOR,
WHO HAS BEEN ELECTED PRESIDENT GENERAL OF THE NA
TIONAL SOCIETY. DAUGHTERS OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 22.— Tho insistent rumors of
the sack that for days have been going
the rounds of tho Cnpitol and the hotel
lebbies hav« been growing more definite
lately nnd behind them all can be found
tho bills intended to' suppress the nickel-
In-thc-jlot machines.
As soon as tho bills were introduced it
was common talk that money would be
used to" defeat them, and now that the
first of them is up to the third reading in
the Assembly, the coming of Colonel Ma
zuma is heralded abroad.
The bills against which the antagonism
is ' directed are Assembly bills 504. by
Johnson, and 569 and 674, by Franklin.
All of these are to prohibit the posses
sion and the playing of nlckel-in-the-slot
machines, along with a dozen other forms
of gambling already, prohibited by law.
; Johnson's bill makes It a misdemeanor
to have or to play a slot machine, among
other things,, and fixes the penalty at a
fine of not more than $500 and imprison
ment for not more than six months.
The Franklin bills make of the same of
fense a felony, punishable by two years'
Imprisonment.
Johnson's bill is up for third reading.
It is No. 58 on the third reading file and
bears the recommendation of the Judic
iary Committeee, to which it was re
ferred, that it "do pass."
Bill 569 is on second reading, fifty-two
numbers down' on the second reading file,
with two recommendations from the Ju
diciary Committee, one of the majority
that it "do pass" and one from the min
ority that it "do not pass."
The third bill. 674, is still in'the hands of
the Judiciary Committee.
It has been reported more than once
that a fund was being raised to fight these
bills, but it is only lately that anything
definite has been said about the amount
of the fund. Now it is variously esti
mated from $1800 to $3500. but so far not
a dollar of It seems to have reached the
hungry. There was talk of one proposi
tion, cf $200 for each man who would volfl
and fight iagainat die bills, but the offer
was refused with acorn. Then It was an
nounced, that $2500 had- been sent up to
beat the bill, that $40u had slipped through
t£e fingers of him ¦ who handled It, but
tuat the remaining, J2100 was at the dis
posal of the Willing ones. This also went
for what it'was worth, but when a few
of the more inquiring started to invest'
gate they declared that $3300 instead of
$2500 had been sent to the Capitol and
that some one was trying to make too
much of a commission out of the transac
tion. ; -
That extra $800 nvist have raised a lone
howl, for it has been echoing through the
Capitol ever since. Many have heard It
and would sympathlzo.with the defrauded
could any one be found to admit being
one of the number; but however unsatis
factory-the arrangement was it had the
effect of tying up negotiations, at least
for a time. ,
The plan, as understood here, . was to
concentrate all effort upon the Senate
when the bills reached that body. Their
course so far through the Assembly has
been no more nor Iob« rapid than that of
any one of 200 other hills not important
enough to be rushed through under spe
cial order. There Is a Senate bill of a
somewhat similar " character, introduced
by Tyrrell of Nevaaa, but. that has been
sleeping in the Corporations Committee
for weeks past and it Is doubtful if it will
come up on the file in time to reach'any
where near passage by the close of the
session.
There has been a good deal of talking
among the members of the Legislature,
particularly * amon? the Senators,' and
there have been threats to bar from the
floor of the Senate at least one man un
less he behave himself In a manner less
liable to cause suspicion.
Caldwell's Proposed Constitutional
SENATE'S BRIEF SESSION.
Amendment Discussed.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, v SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 22.— It was with the best
intentions in the worid that the Senate
started to work to-day. A, file of constitu
tional amendments had been made a spe
cial order, and there was talk of flnishlna:
the Assembly file and holding a - caucus
during the afternoon- and an apportion
ment session to-night, but at 12 o'clock
all the energy and enthusiasm flickered
out and the Senate adjourned until Mon
day morning. , ¦ ¦
The net result of the morning's session
was a row over Caldwell'a constitutional
amendment providing ¦; courts of 'appeal.
There was no objection to the principle
of the amendment, but when Caldwell ut
tempted to amend it by changing the two
regular sessions required to be held In
Fresno ; each year bv the court for the
Southern district to two special sessions,
a. storm burst. The difference between
the two lies in the fact that to hold rcc
ular sessions the court must come at a
stated time, with all Its attaches, and
must go through Its calendar: to hold -a
special session It need only take a run up
from Los Angeles when It pleases* hear
what cases it pleases, and then return.
Smith of- Kern opposed rCaldwell's
amendment. 'He said he did not' like th>y
measure Itself, but with # the proposed
amended added, It was an infringement of
the rights of the San Joaquin Valley, and
he would not hear of it. Rowell also op
posed the amendment, and. after further
consideration of the measure, It went over
to nexe Monday.. ¦
• Approves Da-vis' Bill.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 22.— Senator Da
vis, bill to ratify the lease : of various
State properties by the Harbor Commis
sioners of San Francisco was recommend
ed for passage by the Senate Judiciary
Committee late, this afternoon. This is
not the bill framed specifically for th<*
ratification of the extension of the lease
offThlna Basin to the Santa Fe.' but
phould that measure fall of passage, and
the one under, consideration by the .com
mittee to-day become a ! law, the China
Basin lease would be validated.
SACK MAKES
ITS ENTRY AT
THE CAPITOL
Colonel Mazuma Said
to Favor Nickel
Machines.
Story of a Fund That Dwin
dled in tne Hands of
. a Go-Between.
CHINA HAS
SIGNED ALL
THE EDICTS
Telegraphic Text Not
Yet Received by
Ministers.
Count yon Waldersee Has
Postponed His Hostile
Expedition.
PEKING, Feb. 22.-The foreign Ministers
this morning received a message from the
Chinese peace commissioners saying the
edicts regarding the punishments, the o?s
pation of examinations and the responsi
bility cf the viceroys and governors have
b»N>n signed, but the text has not yet ar
rivM. Owing to the Chinese new year
celebrations many of the telegraph offices
ar«> closed until next vcek.
BERLIN. Feb. 22— It is announced in a
dispatch from Peking. 4ated February 21.
that Count von Waldcisee has postponed
the expedition he planned, as China has
conceded the demands of the powers for
punishment of guilty officials.
The Empress Dowaper. according to
private information, pays the Berliner
Ta^eblatU is suffering terribly.
LONDON. Feb. 23.-The Standard has
received the following from Its corre
spondent at Shanghai: "An Imperial de
cree orders the Chinese officials in Pelt
ing to repair the palaces there promptly
that they may be in readiness to receive
the court, v.hich will leave Sianfu toward
thf end of March."
"Li Hung Chang a*eertj>." says the Pek
ing: correspondent of the Morning Post,
•"that the punishments to be Imposed up
on Prince Chuang and Fu Hsian has been
carried out in accordance with the de
mands of the foreten envoys."
VENEZUELAN
REBELS HOLD
FULL SWAY
Interior of Country
Is at Their
Mercy.
Steamers Plying the British
Colors Impressed and
¦ Others Burned.
KINGSTON*. Jamaica. Feb. 22.-Advtc««
received here to-day from the Island of
Trinidad reveal a serious situation in Ven
ezuela. It transpires that General Acosta.
the rebel leader, has not been captured,
arid, though his capture has been repeat
edly officially and unofficially announced,
it is said that he is now being assisted by
General Hernandez, General Rolando ar»-i
supporters of ex-President Andrade.
The full extent of the rising la not
known to the Government. The wholo
interior of the country is reported to ba
at the m-ercy of the rebels and the ferment
Is extending to the coast towns.
Several steamer3, unuer British charter
and flying the British flag, have been, de
stroyed or impressed, and a number ot
vessels trading with Trinidad have been
burned under orders from President Cas
tro. A strong demand is made for th«
presence of a British warship.
British Guiana papers express disap
pointment at the attitude of America.
MRS. FAIRBANKS NOW
PRESIDENT GENERAL
Elected to the Chief Executive Office
of National Society , of the^Daugh
ters of the American Revolution
Says He Was in No Way
- Connected With the
Kidnaping.
: OMAHA. Feb. 22.— Pat Crowe has been
heard from under circumstances which in
dicate that he is soon to make a public
appearance, i E. A: Cudahy Is in receipt
of a letter; bearing .Crowe's signature.
The handwriting has been tested by com
parison and it is the opinion of the
Plnkertons, Chief Donahue and others
that the signature is genuine. The let
ter* Is' dated South Omaha, February 15.
but the envelop* indicates that It was
mailed in Omaha. ',¦
Owing to the fact that the letter is now
In the Pinkerton office, Chicago, and that
no copy was retained here, Cudahy is un
able to repeat It verbatim. -Cudahy and
Chief .Donahue have made" its'c6ntents
known; i however. Crowe explains in the
letter that he has heard that the Omaha
police - are looking for him and believe
him to be one of the" kidnapers of Edward
Cudahy Jr. He maintains that he is in
nocent and says that he has no knowledge
of the affair, with the exception of what
he has read In the newspapers. He says
that, he will drop into Omaha some day
and, prove himself innocent and that he
would' have done so long ago had he not
been afraid that he might suffer the fate
of the negro who was lynched at Leaven
worth. . -.'..-'¦.
! Crowe says that the Omaha people must
have cooled off considerably by this time
and expresses the opinion that he will
soon be able to come here with safety. He
makes an appeal to. the Chief of Police
and Cudahy for protection, and says that
he will expect them to stand between him
and violence. In conclusion he says that
he is much hurt to think that Cudahy sus
pects him of being guilty of the kidnaping
and expresses his appreciation of the
kindness Cudahy has shown him in • the
past. '«
"When I received this letter," Cudahy
explained, "I was determined not to taka
too much for" granted, so I sent It to Chi
cago, as I knew Pinkerton had samples
of Crowe's writing and would be able to
identify It without difficulty. A few day3
later I heard from Pinkerton. He said
he had compared the writing with samples
of Crowe's ' chirogrraphy and that .they
were the same beyond question. I would
not be surprised now if Crowe : should
show, himself almost any time. I think
the letter was written in, good faith. I
don't believe the letter was written in
either omaha or. South Omaha. It bore
the date line 'South Omaha, N6br..Feb
ruary-15,' but the postmark on the en
velope showed that it had been mailed in
Omaha. It was ¦• probably written some
distance from here and sent in a separate
envelope to some friend In Omaha or
South Omaha, who remailed it. This was
done tor-, the obvious purpose, of -keeping
his present whereabouts a secret. He
evidently wants to come voluntarily with
out giving the detectives the honor, of
having captured him." • . . ¦
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 22.-Ex-Judge
M. Cooney of San Pranctsco passe 1
away in this city to-day, without
having regained .consciousness
, since. he was; found overcome by
gas in his room' at a local hotel Tuesday
morning. The Coroner held an inquest,
and the .verdict reached was that deceased
had come;to his death by accidental as
phyxiatiort. :
Judge Cooney came to Sacramento two
weeks ago to look after legislation affect
ing the. San Francisco Normal School, of
which he was one of the trustees.- On
Monday, night last he retired to his room
at 1:30 o'clock. At 10 o'clock Tuesday
morning the hotel attaches detected gas
escaping from the half-open transom of
his room. The apartment was entered and
Judge Cooney was found in an uncon
scious condition. Several physicians anil
a trained nursfe ,worked energetically to
restore him to consciousness, but without
success. His wife, son and daughter w6re
with him when he died. The only word
he uttered was what sounded like a call
for the nurse, shortly before he passed
away. ' -
Dr. G. W. Dudley, who had known Judg-j
Cooney for. many years, testified at the
inquest to-night that Judge Cooney "had
everything to live for," and that In nis
opinion death was accidental. Dr. S. E.
Simmons deposed that for the past two
days there was a eradual failure in the
strength of the patient, with the appear
ance of destructive signs of paralysiV
from an apoplectic stroke, which the doc
tor believed was the immediate cause of
death.
The body was sent to San Francisco thi3
afternoon.
Michael Cooney came to San Francisco
with -his wife from Kalamazoo. Mich., In
1SC1. At that time he was 20 years of age
Rnd had been married but a short time.
DEATH'S CALL COMES
TO JUDGE M COONEY
San Francisco Jurist Recently Overcome
by <Gas in Sacramento Hotel Expires
Withbui: Regaining Consciousness
THE SAN FBANCISCOCALL^ SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1901.
THE LATE JUDGE COONEY,
WHO DIED OF GAS ASPHYX
IATION.
World to End This : Year.
This Is the recent decision of one of the prom
inent societies of the world, but the exact day
has not yet been toed; upon, and, -while there
are .very few people .who believe this prediction
there are thousands of others who not only be
lieve ' but " know , that Hos tetter's* Stomach Bit
ters is the best medicine to cure dyspepsia in
digestion, constipation, biliousness or 'liver' and
kidney troubles.- A fair, trial will certainly con
vince you of Its value. •
Rubber, . spun ¦ glass," steel and ivory . are
England will ' furnish the money for
completing the Hudson River tunnel. •
Will Protest Against Duties.
tory.
8
Is the eilent worker that quiets nenroos irritation, stimu-
lates digestion, brings sweet, refreshing sleep and build;
up new life and vigor In tho worn-out system.
Sold by druggists on a guarantee. Ds. MTT.ya Medicai* Vo., EUcnart- Ta *l
Dt. Miles' Nervine
The forces that accomplish the greatest good in tne "world are
the silent ones. Under, strong nerve influence the various organs
of the body perform their duties noiselessly and without friction.
But let the nerve-force become weak and exhausted and headache,
neuralgia, irritability,* loss of appetite, indigestion, insomnia
and nervous prostration proclaim their -loud protest. There is
another Eilent force that works to overcome these troubles-
"I was in very bad shape— could not sleep, had no
appetite, the least exertion brought on sinking spells, and
when I closed my eyes I saw only a panorama of horrors
which increased my disturbed condition of mind. I doc-
tored for a year without benefit and then began taking
P-. Miles' Nerrlne. It helped me at once ana In three
months I was welL " W. B&ocxKazt. MU Sterling, Ills.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
.IN THE AIR.
The Germs of La Grippe Are Con-
veyed Through the Atmosphere.
Xo one can escape the La Grippe germ.
! because when an epidemic of the disease
is prevailing the air is laden with It.
The reason every one does not have tho
disease at the same time Is because the
persons who are enjoying perfect health
are able to successfully resist and throw
off the infection/while those who for any
reason are not in the best of health fall
ready victims.
The first symptoms are those of acute
catarrh, resembling a hard cold, and if
prompt treatment is applied at this time
it can easily be broken up. One of tha
best remedies at this stage Is Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets, sold" by druggists every-
where, and if taken freely, say one tablet
every hour or two for two or three days
the danger of pneumonia and serious com-
plications will be averted.
The Rev. L.. E. Palmer. Baptist clergy-
man of Ceresco. Mich., makes a statement
of interest to all catarrh and grip suffer-
ers. He says: "Stuarfs Catarrh Tablets
have certainly been a blessing to me I
have used them freely this fall and winter
and have found them a safeguard against
La Grippe and catarrhal troubles, ¦¦ from
which I had suffered for years. I feel that
I can freely and conscientiously recom-
mend them."
Persons who suffer from catarrh of tha
head and throat are very susceptible to
La Grippe and such will find a pleasant
convenient and safe remedy In this new
catarrh cure.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are composed
entirely of harmless antiseptics and may
be used aa freely as necessary, as they
contain no cocaine, opiate or poisonous
drug of any kind.
;^^^ , is only possible when your
feet are on the pedals, and behind the pedals
the reliable
MORROW COASTER BRAKE
Adds one hundred per cent, to the pleasure of
cycling. Sod by all dealers. Booklet free.
U Eclipse Mf g. Co., Manufac'rs, Elicira, N.Y. fl
vr For rale by alt dealers in bicycles
and bl-ycla sundries. . ,
Atnsrf OR JORDAN'S great »
|iUSEUi OF ANATOMY?
9 '. Ms* m XA&Z3? S7. Ui. Si t?X 3. t. CtL A
\ X3f T69 L»r/«»t Anatomical Museom in tb« \
0 S^S?$ LEASES $
1 Sft9«$5S - _*-'"*"J ! "tt*n fr-w and snktty print* \
$ i ©% t& IT cmen '- pmonal'y or by letter. A A
Bf'll US' w rit«'or Bonk. I>aiLON()I>at t l A
U il J ** n< *'-**" i '. MAILED PilZS. i \ W
h Q (I. vaiualls boch fcr mm) \
Y *>H. JOBDAK <fc C*.. 1051 Market St.. S. f f
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IB A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGOitA-
tor and Nervine.
Tha most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic (or the Sexual Organs, tor both sexes. -
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases o£ th« Kid-
Beys and Bladder. S«Us on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUJfE. Agents.
ta Markerst. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Foi* the Cora of Gonorrhoea. Gleets.
Strictures and analogous complaint*
•< of tha Organs pf Generation.
' Price f 1 a fcoule. For tale by dnifsUU.Tho California Society of the Sons' of
the American Revolution celebrated the
FITTINGLY HONOB
MEMORY OF WASHINGTON
F. D. Ritchie, flc$r manager, assisted by
P. I.. Moore, W. R. gpence. R." J. H. Suls
b*rg. Arthur Allen and Peter Kopner. v
The affair was planned and carried out
under the supervison of the committee of
arrangements, consisting of. Alexander
Smith, William T. Hammond, W. B. Car
penter. \\ r . J. Clinton., Alexander Cairns,
George G. Anderson and Joseph Flood.
Vote aiwayr, vote oarly and don't wait un
til the r*rty managers eend a back to hrlncr
jou to the z«\\\t. Go there as you would to
jf.nr filtar. Take off your hat when you po
ti the polls, standing there as an American
'"¦{tlzen on h?!;- *rround. Don't bring the schools
ilto i^Jit'C^ C— i then wherever the flag of
tives. Hit your opponent in the direction you
v.-p.nt him to en; any other plan Is blackmail,
and the politician who uses it as a weapon
l~. rure to come to grief sooner or later. I Poll
tlrlanr ar<» persons who discover a common
etnndlr.K rround for Individuals of • different
ojilp.lcns. Avoid high explosives. Avoid ¦ po
litical dynamite. Avoid political fads. Don't
mix religion with politics, for no man nor
organization ever brines that question in wlth
cut working; political ruin. \ . .
HOLIDAY CELEBRATION SCENES.
. .CHICAGO. Ftb. 22.— In accordance with *
a- time-honoruU' custom, • Washington's'
CELEBRATED IN THE EAST.
Purves Spitzer; recita»Ion. the chariot
race from "Ben Hur," Miss Lydia Jacobs;
vocal, solo. '.'The Sword of Bunker Hill "
.William B.indlon (Miss V. Lilly accompa
nist); recitation. "Washington's Birth
day," little Tryphlna Pritchard; vocal
solo. A. F.Maphee; vocal-trio, Josephine
Temp, William Gunn and Daniel Gorham;
exhibition dance, F.- M. Powers.
A dance, under- the direction of the fol
lowing committee, concluded the eater
tainment: ' .
Floor manager. H. M. Schmidt: assistant
Poor managers— Miss. Huhy J. Hamberger and
Mips Gertye Di»em»r; floor «ommltt»e— Miss
Uura Cantv«, Mirs ••.-. Margaret -A Thomas
MIfs .Etta. ; Crawford, Miss Mabel Latherow,'
Miss Evelyn Moore, Miss Edith Muhlner
fjecrge: Hansen. Harry C Puckiiaher, Dr.' A.
Sinclair 'Sullivan; Joseph E. Odgers. *E. JI.
<"arr. V. Thomason, ¦ A. J. Martin. ¦> H. -A.,R.
Ilansen. •". . , ¦ : •
The observance of this day calls us back to
the spirit of the founders of our republic. It
us; r wi-irp new and unique that laid the
foundations cf our citizenship. They m-er# rla4
encash to be rid of old Europe, its traditions,
Mr. Kierce. His topic was "The Young
Man's Duty to His JJlate," and after
briefly referring to the HrcumsTajices
¦which brought Washington so prominent
ly before the public, he said in part:
The first part of the programme, aside
from an address -by State Vice. Councilor
Jacobs of the .Juniors on "The ! Day
We Celebrate." included an overture
by the orchestra; musical selections
by W. B. Bentley; tenor solo.; Master
HOLIDAY IS CELEBRATED
BY PATRIOTIC SOCIETIES
The -Washington birthday entertain
ment given in Odd Fellows' Hall last
night by the Junior Order of United
American Mechanics and the Daughters
of Liberty was enjoyed by an .audience
that filled th« hall.
President. William* H. Jordan; senior vice
president. George W. Spencer; Junior vice
president, William J. Dutton; secretary, Edwin
BonEtll; treasurer, Charles H. Warner: re?is
trar. A., S. Hubbard: marshal, Byron Mauzy;
dlj-c-ctorsi-Robert Vandercook. J. W. Farrlnj?
ton, Alex G. Eells, Glleit H. Gray, Wallace*
Everson r.nd William. M. Bunker. !
excellent dinner were, treated to a feast
of patriotic music and oratory.
After the last course President William
H. Jordan delivered a short address com
memorative of the occasion that was be
ing celebrated. The other sneakers wero
Samuel M. Shortrldge. Rev. B. Fay Mills,
Irving M. Scott and Professor Joseph P.
"Warren. The California Quartet sane
"The Star-Spaneled Banner" and the ban
queters Joined in the refrain. .
The success of the banquet was due to
the following board of managers: ¦
SAN JOSE. Feb.. 22.-Wash!ngton's
birthday was generally observed here, all
the stores and business houses closing.
The Old Settlers' Association of Camp
bell held a reunion and banquet. Several
hundred persons were present. Rev. Ell
McCHsh of this city delivered an address
and Judge Myrlck qf San Francisco pre
sided as toastmaster. The Happy Badg
ers,, composed of Wisconslnites. enjoyed
their annual banquet and reunion at thn
Unitarian church here. A fine musical
and literary programme was rendered.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 22.— Washington's
birthday was observed here as a holiday.
This afternoon Father Yorke of San Fran
cisco delivered an address at the opera
house, after which there was a flag rais
ing at the Catholic Boys' School.
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 22.— The convicts
at San Quentin to-day were regaled with
a fine dinner. Father Sesnon sang songs
and entertained the prisoners with his
phonograph. Convict Savllle played ac
companiments for the priest.-
COAST TOWNS CELEBRATE.
of Indiana. Ex-Secretary of War Alger
made a short address,
LONDON. Feb. 2'J.— National flags were
hoisted over the American Embassy and
Consulate here to-day in h.onor of Wash
ington's birthday, but the usual erabas
sadorlal reception and the American So
ciety banquet were abandoned owing to
the Queen's death.
POLIT1CAL "don'ts" formed the
basis of the address of President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
University of California at the
celebration of Washington's
Birthday at Metropolitan Hall last night,
under th* direction of the board of man
agement of the Young Men's Institute.
The gathering was a large one, every seat
being occupied. President Wheeler made
a. striking 1 Impression upon his audience,
and close attention was paid to his re
marks.
Robert Tobin. chairman of the board of
management, introduced Supreme Presi
dent Frar.k J. ICierce as the chairman of
the evening. The latter spoke briefly,
eaying that the celebration of Washing
ton'* Birthday had been chosen as the
most fitting occasion for a proper display
of patriotism on the part of the members
of that organization, and that It was due
to & suggestion of Father Yorke that the
kindled fires of patriotism burned each
year with more ardor in the breasts of
those enrolled in it.
Kierce eald he hoped that the success
attending th<? opening celebration of the
twentieth. cer.tury was but a prelude to
continued years cf good work in the
cause of "God and Country."
A number of interesting musical selec
tions were interspersed through the even
ing's programme, jsi^nor Martinez ren
dered a piano solo. Miss Kittie McShane,
accompanied by Miss May Stein, sang
"When the Snow Begins to Fall".: Oscar
S. Frank rendered a barytone solo, and
"Walter Beach was heird on the cornet.
President Wheeler was greeted with con
siderable applause when introduced by
its institutions, its meshes, it* quarrels and
lt» prejudices. They Bought this country as
a land of refuse to e»cap« from the autocratic
power of kins* and petty despots. They felt
they were creating something new, and how
**H they did it It It my purpose to tell these
young men.
Th« lessons taught In these- tiroes of change*
when steam and electricity draw together the
ends, of the world, when Industrial activity
is conquering everything", when corporations
are absorbing other corporations, and labor
unions are absorbing the laborer, and parties
absorbing- the voter, rolling with juggernaut
moves — what in God's name has become of the
Individual? *>
The duty of citizenship U one of the most
es-cred enjoyed by man. It 1* necessary to go
into politics, but, it is not necessary to go into
a political office. Any young man who could
make a success of a political office could do
b«tter in any business career. If you are fet
tered down to your bread and butter in a po
litical office, you will coon be the loser. Gov
ernment offices don't pay as well as busi
ness. Don't take, up politics as a means of
livelihood.
If In politics, don't put things Into writing.
Ee honest. Tie to men who keep their words.
If you make a political promise don't fail to
ktep the same. Borne of our politicians are
not as bad as they are painted, nor are our
heroes as great as they are delineated.
Don't bother with little things, but drive
after the main Issue. Many politicians have'
their careers .wrecked by meddling with little
things. Don't bother with personalities. Be
ware of the man who always speaks ill of his
itllowrnan. Righteousness will take care of
lteelf. Study the Issues and leave the men
alone. Don't Jump at conclusions because your
joWtlcal adversary thinks differently from you.
Study the matter and floor him by incontro
vertible argument
Don't beat about the bush. Use direct mo-
one hundred and sixty-ninth anniversary
of the birth of George "Washington with
a banquet last night at the Merchants'
Club. Over one hundred and fifty mem
bers and invited guests met at the* festal
board and in addition to partaking of an
The programme was followed by a
dance.' Alexander Smith was master of
ceremonies, Louis Marcus, accompanist;
There were fifteen numbers, made up of
vocal selections, instrumental numbers,
fancy dances and specialties. The youth
ful performers were Lilas Phillips, Lucy,
Wilhoft. Lillian Rauschenback. May and
Alice Holland, Master George Kroger,
Flossie Beattie, Eva Smith, Emma and
Walter Dulfer, Ide Bennett, Robie Whit
ley, Rose and Bella Bennett. John and
Henry Drescher, Blanche Trelease, Pros
eie Forrest and Claire Fex.
The hall was crowded and all were en
tertained with the several numbers on the
programme presented by Juveniles. •
Court-Twin Peaks of the Ancient Order
of Foresters celebrated Washington's
birthday by giving a children's night In
Mission Turn Verein Halle on Eighteenth
street, near Valencia, last night.
President Wheeler*3 address was" fre
quentlyy Interrupted by applause, and ho
received quite an ovation at its close." The
concluding numbers • of • the programme
consisted of a recitation by Miss Charlotte
E. -Johnston, songs by J. H. Desmond
and Miss Ella McClosky and selections by
the orchestra.
COURT TWIN 'PEAKS GIVES
PLEASING JUVENILE SHOW
America floats the doctrine* Inculcated by
Washington and the blessings of American
civilization will be given to these people In
n< cordance with the , spirit of the words of
Washington.
DETROIT, Feb. 22.— To-night the Light
Guard armory rang with patriotic senti
ments .expressed by prominent Republi
cans, who addressed 800 . members of the
Michigan Club on their sixteenth annual
celebration of Washington's birthday.
Postmaster General Charles Emory Smith
delivered the first address. The Rev.
Howard Duffleld of New York responded
to the toast "The Legacy of Washington
to the Twentieth Century." "A Century
and a Quarter of Liberty and Law" was
the toast assigned to Congressman Landis
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. 22.— The faculty
and. students of the University of Penn
sylvania to-day celebrated Washington's
birthday - in ¦ an . elaborate manner. The
students assembled on' the campus at 10
o'clock this morning and marched to the
Academy of Music, ¦ where -the exercises
were held. Bishop "Whitaker opened the
celebration exercises with prayer, after
which Provost Harrison delivered a brief
address. Dr. S. Weir Mitchell,' "public
orator" in the annual- conferring 1 of hon
orary degrees, introduced each candidate
to Provost Harrison, who conferred the
diplomas In Latin and on each card placed
the hood or gown peculiar to the degree.
birthday was — commemorated - by -the
Union League Club to-day by two events
at the Auditorium. Five thousand chil
dren crowded into the Auditorium' during
the forenoon, a special programme having
been arranged for them. Bishop Spaldlng
of Peoria/ delivered an eloquent address
on "Patriotism and Character."
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 23,-1901;
9
CITIZENS HONOR
WASHINGTON'S MEMORY
OCEAN TBAVEL.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOB U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
s,.,-^ ••Vnnticjtia,"
MON.. To«s.. Wed.. Thurs. and 8at. at »:«
a. m.. 3:1*. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thursday nluht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays: '10:30 a. m.. )
p.m. Landing and of flee. Mission- street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 13)3.
EVERY WOMAN
'.-^^ is interested and should know
about the wonderful
UADUCI WHIRLING
«^^vi\\ W**nf CL spray
#: h $L.X\ Hlfk The new Vajlail -SyriEce.
ti' *W^ \'V\^ 1 \ ll Injection and Suction.
tl^^^rP^IJ ¦ Best-Safest-Most Con-
¦V^N^'^C^'S^nw .venient. ItCleansef
1 *!^^^ InstaaUy.
,Vk yoor drnjjht for It. >^.. fSn* ~. "rf£^^~*~~
If be rannot mpply the NJW^Ir ' '''f'-' : '/f$ .
¦n.*KVEI>. «ccrptno -^ Vi *^TV —
othrr. butsend stamp (ctlV.vn- X'- a *" .: .''iV/
tnt^d ix»k— npnled. ItpivMfali \ ¦¦'•,. B "'/A
rarticultrs •n't Invahable W / . im
£l»dir- MAKVKI. «"O.. Q>4K ;!,;,.„, M ¦
093 Mission at. San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEI^ j
AMERICAN LINE.
iriW TOBK. 80DTHA1IPT0S. LONO05. PABIi
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Kew York Feb. ITlNew York March M
Vaderland March BlVaderland March IT
St. Louis March UlSt. Louis. ..1 April J
BED STAR LINE.
New York, and Antwerp-.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Friesland .Feb. 27 Kensington ...March ?0
Southward March 6 Xoordland March 27
Westernland. ..March 13 Friesland April 2
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
- ¦' General Agent Pacific Coast.
30 Montgomery street
'Aiwiaaftf* C € Pii •"**"• M " 0 *' " ra
v^vuwia^o.-<y«vv», D , RtcIu; , £T8UH1T /
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
....; ....Saturday, February 23. 3 p. m.
£S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New - .
Zealand and Australia
\ Wednesday. March 8. at 9 p.m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday, March 13. 4 p. m.
1. D. SFHCSELS h BEOS. CO., General Hgrab. 32? Harht St
Ea'l Passssg?: G!Sa. M3 Hlrtit St., tier la. 7, P2dhSt
PANAMA R.R.S
To KEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. $1<I."»; Rteerase, ?1O.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, March 5.
S S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 19.
S. S. Koanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
From wharf, for.t of. Fremont st.. at J p. m.
Freight and -pa*sene«r office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coaat Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO. AND
COKPANIA SCD AMERICANA DS VA?0*?3
To Valparaiso, -rtopptna at. Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From section No
2, Seawall. Sailing: *
RS. PALENA.. February 22. 1901. at 12 m .
SS. COLOMBIA....... March 7. 1301
SS. TUCAPEL March 20. 1901
SS. AREQUIP A....... ... :....... April 4, 1901
• These st«>amer3 are iuilt expressly for Central
and 'South American passenger service. , (No
change at Aeapuleo or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office. 218 California street. * •
UALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
C0MPAGNI3 TKANSATI^HTIQUZ
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. - Aw "
Sailing t-rery Thursda" Instead of ifmPrfi
Saturday, at ltf a.m.. from Pier 42, -t^'JOiB
North' River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Harrf.tJS and uoward. Second - class to
Havre. % J5 and upward. GENERAL . AGENCY
FOR UNITED , STATES and CANADA. 32
Broadway 'Hudson bultdlncr). "New York. J
F. FUOA7.I A CO. P^clrtr . Coast Agents. 5
MontKom»ry -nvenu». San ' Francisco. Tickets
sold by alt Kailroad- Ticket Agents..
Columbia '.....March 2!Deutschland ...April W
A. Victoria. ....April UiCoiumbia May J
Twln-^crew Pas«enq«r S«rvlc«.
t PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
•Phoenicia ....March t( Walderwee March H
Patricia .March 91 Pennsylvania March 30
•Sails to Hamburg direct
Homburo-»m»rlcon Lloe. 37 B'way. N- Y
HERZOO St CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Coast. ?*>! California street.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Tvwln- C erevi/ Exsress Service,
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOITRG— HAMBURG.
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of, itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to - it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with.no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the x soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell it^ especially
£ruggistsj all certs oi people use iL
TOYO KIS1N KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. rn..
for YOKOHAMA *nd HONOKONG. calling at
Kobe (Hloffo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* tor
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of ealllnr.
SS. AMERICA MARU.. ..Friday. March 15. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU.. Tuesday. ADrll ». 1101
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May S. 1301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. Genera! Asent.
"I left off coCTee that day at lunch and
had a cup of Postum. It was made good
end had a tich, dark color, with a deli-
cious flavor that I could not tell from
regular coffee. It pleased the eye. sme'tl
and pdate; eo I ijad it each day at the
restaurant for the noonday lunch, and
Ais,covere4 a decldeJ improvement in my
condition, but it was not until I left off
colTo* for breakfast and used Postum Hi
!ts place that real relief set In. Now I am
free from saftritis, headaches, and fully
a pprerinto the value of the "nerve ease.*
No more trembling hands and no more
nervous pro?iration. I am well, and feel
that I should tay t.-j ethers who are being
poieoned by a beverape that they do not
euspect. 'coCffp.'-'Make the change be-
fore the poison vrorks destruction In
J'OU.' " -' ,. v
This letter Is from a New Tork me-
chanJcal draughtsman. Name can in
furnished by the P<.-;=:um Cereal Co., Ltd.,
ftt Battle Cretk, Mick,-
• "It he had not beon so enthusiastic r*»-
pardinp the relief ir. his catu? by leaving
off coffee and tnkf.ng Postum Food Coffee
I could not have mustered up will power
enough to abandon rr.y favorite beverage.
"Th* rijrht man rsn» along one flay
when he told m* that coffee drinkintr was
the cause of my gastritis, nervousness,
tnrpld iivcr and tryjnhltng hands that lu-
t^rfer^-d with my buslnefs. that of me-
chaTiical drawing, r-ut coffee was my only
haWt and I loved n fo that I did not see
how I could give It up.
MAKE THE CHANGE
Before Coffee Wrecks You.
POSTUM CEREAL.
ShoTt Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all iViints East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
, - ¦ - * ± -..,.¦. «30 Market »t.
CADC SI2 First Class including Berth
rMni S3 Second Clasi ood M«al*.
rOLCMBIA Salln Feb. 22. Mar. 4
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Feb. 17. 27. Mar. 9
From Spear-street . Wharf at 11 a. m.
DISPATCH TAST STEAMER3 TO
PORTLAND
THE 0. R. & If. GO.
Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. m.; steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jflse det
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and GiJaymaa (M*x.>— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company" ¦
folders.
The company reserves the right to chanire
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
¦trithMit rrrrtou* nntic«».
TICKET OFFICE— 4 Nefr Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIXS ft CO.. G-n. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
1^^ wharf. San Francisco:
Bgtaw^ For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
jnPSg&Bik Feb. 25. March 2. Chans* to
BaMpj^y-TK company's steamers at S»at-
HBk9BW jjj&l. For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
Cl£cfl^ji-&"s! C). Tort Townsend, Seattle.
racoma. K\-er*tt. Anacortes
. and New V.'hatcom jWash.)—
11 a. m.. Feb. !5. March 2 and
every fifth day thereafter. Change at Seattle
for this company's steamers for Alaska and
O. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Taeoma to Jf. P.
Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bar— I p. m.. Feb. S.
27. March 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping oniy at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondn (Los
Angeles) — Steamer Queen. Wedn-radays. 9 a. m. :
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro <I^o« An?»l»») and Newport —
Of all the diseases known with which the female organism is afflicted, kidney
disease iathe most fatal. In fact, unless early and correct treatment is ap-
plied, the weary patient seldom survives. '.' ",, \
Being fully aware of this, Mrs. Pinkham, early, in her .career, gave ex-
Vustive study to the subject, and in producing her great remedy for woman's
fls — Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound— was careful to see that it
contained the correct combination of. herbs which was sure to control that
fatal disease, woman's kidney troubles. The Vegetable Compound acts in har-
mony with the laws that govern the entire female system, and while there
are many so called remedies for kidney troubles, Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound is the only one especially prepared for women.
The following letters will show how marvellously successful it Is :
Aug. 6, 1899. '
" Dear Mrs. Pixkham : — I am fail-
ing very fast, — since January have
lost thirty-five or forty pounds. I
have a yellow, muddy complexion,
feel tired, and have bearing down
pains. • Menses hare not appeared for
three months; sometimes I am trou-
bled with a white discharge, and I also
have kidney and bladder trouble.; . .
I have been this way for a long time,
and feel so miserable I thought I
would write to you, and see if you
could do me any good." — Miss Edxa
Frederick, Troy, Ohio.
Sept. 10, 1899.
" Dear Mrs. Pdtkham : — I have
used Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound according to directions,
and can say I have not felt so well
for years as I do at present. Before
taking your medicine a more miser-
able person you never saw. I could
not eat or sleep, and did not care to
talk with any one., I did not enjoy
life at all. I feel so well I can-
not be grateful enough for what you
have done for ne. "iou are surely a
woman's friend. Thanking you a
thousand times, I remain,
Ever yours
Miss Ed^a Frederick,
Troy, Ohio.
." Dear .Mrs. Pi^kham : — I have
taken five bottles of Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound and cannot
praise it enough. I had headaches,
leucorrhoea, falling of the womb, an£
kidney trouble. 1 also had a paia
when standing or walking, and some*
times there seemed to be balls of firs
in front of me, so that I could not see
for about twenty minutes. Felt as
tired in the morning' when I got u;
as if I had had no sleep for two weeks,
' Had fainting spells, was down-heartoL
and would cry.". — Mrs. Bbbtha. Ofee,
Second and Clayton Sts., Chester Pa.
"Dear Mbs. Piskham:— I canno*
find language to express the terrible
suffering' I have had to endure. I had
female trouble, <gr" **— .,
also liver,stomach, U <4^SS9l/T^
kidney, and blad- if <£2^*^%£^> s o
der trouble. . . . \Sr / /
I tried sereral doc- *j I
tors, also quite a j »^/J^^ W I
number of patent y /\^ *J \
medicines, and had / v^* JC
despaired of ever^ J^S^^V^Jl
getting well. At }j£BSS§§iB&Z/j&Tl
last I concluded to Sz^^^S^^^A
try Lydia E. Pink-
ham's' Vegetable -***^*^
Compound, and now, thanks to youj
medicine, lam a well woman. I can
not praise your medicine too highly
for l know it will do all, and ever
more, than it is recommended to do
I tell every suffering woman about
your Vegetable Compound, and urge
them to try "it and see for themselves
what it will do."— -Mbs. Mabt^ A.
Hd?le, No. Manchester, Ind. ••. ' ¦
APAAA REWARD. -We haye deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn. S5OX),
V" Ik 1 1 1 j I 8 which will be paid to any person who can find that the above testimonial letters
¦ R> 1 1 85 a Ml » re rot genuine, or were published before obtaining the writer's special rer-
VU V U \3 mission. LYDIA. E. PINKHAM MEDICtME CO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound is Especially Successful in
Curing this Fatal Woman's Disease.
WOMAN'SKIDNEYTROUBLES
MjfK*^f ; fV 1^^JAMES BROWNELL, Duck-Shooter and Wildcat-Kiiler.
SPORTS * SHOOTING, RACING, FIGHTING, BASEBALL, TENNIS,
DUCK HUNTERS GO INTO THE DISTANT
COUNTIES FOR THEIR LAST SHOOTS
Upon Their Return to This City^After a Week's Hunt Near Wasco, Kern County.
- - :• . ? ' ¦ -' ' ; ' ' 1
Johnny Coleman Tries to Make a Hero and Big Game Sportsman of Jim Brownell
sr^HE duck shooting season is on
* ] I legs, for It has but a few
! I days to live, and those daj-s are on
H the 'Wing. Eager to get all they
can' out of what remains, persist
ent hunters have been banding for far
away 6hoots. The most noteworthy shoot
of the month was that In which George
H." T. JacksOn, Andrew Jackson,- Jim
Brownell,' C. Frank Ireland » and ? John B.
Coleman participated.' S .'' * .,. :"•'- : ;
As far as Wasco, Kern County^ these
five devotees of the iron barrel, traveled
for their final big Bhoot of the.' seas6n.
After a week of duck arid geese shooting,
they returned to the city last . Sunday.
with sacks of /sprig, mallard, widgeon,
canvasback' and teal. , Their hunting was
done over the irrigated lands.
¦ But It Is. not the fact that these keen
sportsmen brought back a long string
that - makes the shoot ; an extraordinary
one. Something happened the fifth day
out "which made"a" hero "of Brownell and
a romancist of Johnny Coleman. As
Coleman tells the tale it runs something
like this: : . . . . . . . .
"On our fifth day out," while moving
camp, A. J. Bone, on whose land we had
formerly camped, and myself : left the
teams and broke off away from the road
to find water and suitable grounds for a
nlght'srest. When "about "a" quarter of a
mile from the party we were attacked by
a mountain lion. As w« had left our fire
arms in the wagon our position was, in
deed, a precarious one. It was then that
Brownell proved himself the hero: He too
was straying away from the wagon, and
our frenzied - shouts ' reached • his ears.
Luckily the cries for. help were heeded.
Brownell came to the rescue, and the big
mountain lion soon • lay breathing Its
last." .,-"'
That is the stcry Coleman has been re
tailing around town, and Brownell was
posted as the hero of the tale. But by
some accident photographs of the party
in various poses were discovered. Brow
nell killed a fierce beast of the. "marshy
desert" sure enough, but the fierce beast
was no other than a big wildcat. The
pictures show this, also the relative size
of Brownell and that ferocious "mountain
lion." -
- _ - , , . -¦ .•- -- - ¦ ¦¦ - v ' ; ¦ ¦ • • '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 23; 1901.
.California. sends'.$l,000.000 worth of.'can
ned ; fruits "to Germany a year, and more
are wanted. . ' % V *.'','
60-yard ' dash, juveniles— P. Roller. : M.
Roach, A.- Martinez. J. Janes,- C. Butter
worth. P. McDonald; J. .-Patton.'.R. Her
man, F. Paine. F. Meyer. D. Shipley IV
Buttemer.S. Hand, C. Duke, E. Egan, C.
Crist, F. Magner, M. Rar.u:ay. . ...
: TJnder-water .swimmine," tub race, high
diving for. boys — Open- to. all." ¦-.'.. -¦¦'.-. .-¦
• "100-yard race, amateurs— L. Grueman.'D
Bodkin. G. Irving, A. Clayton, P: Rose, J.
Hunt, R. ; Riding, E.- Bell ;G. Wallace, P.
Sunberg. M.; Carmody,* A. Baudain.^L.'
Haywards, L. Scott, O.-Lowenthal.V./ : ..
¦ Trick and. fancy, springboard ; diving— M.'
Loud, J.;A. Jackson.iO. Owens, P.' Louis
G. Randall, iW. Guild, J..Jorrv, M. Rit
ter. J. Mclntyre, R.Cordcli; G. Chalmer
E.;Wclls.'.- ¦: •-.'-,. ¦¦-¦::_ ¦;..¦¦¦;;¦. ¦••.— .-¦ -..
At Sutro's baths on Sunday, February
21. the following matches will take plac>?:
SWIMMING AT SUTRO'S.
The first bluerock. shoot o? the season
was held on the grounds of the San Fran<-
Cisco Trap Club at Ingleside yesterday
afternoon. A number of spectators were
present and some good scorins was made.
There were several events, one of them
under what is known as the Jack Rabbit
system and another under the Jack Ra'j
bit system revised. The next shoot will
be held at the same place on the first
Sunday In March. % It will be a live-btrrl
contest and will be etven by the Califor
nia Wing Association. Followine a*a
some of the scores of yesterday's events:
Ten-bird race (Jack Rabbit system re
vlsedi—O. Feudner 8, E. Feudner 6. C
Nauman 10. Leech 4. Ivcrson -4.
Fifteen-bird race— O. Feudner 13. Webb
14, -Nauman 13. Walsh 12. Exiclehart 7
Suppe 8. Lewis 6, Kerriion 14. *
Ter.-blrd racp (Jack Rabbit system)—
Nauman 10. Webb 3 O. Feudaer 9 £"
Feudner 6. Slade «, Iverson 7.
Fifteen-bird race— O. Feudner 10 Xau
man 14," E. Feudner D, Webb-'IS, Foster 12.
FIRST TRAPSHOOTIXG.
, The San Mateo County Hunt met yes
terday at Byrne's store, on the Spanish
Town road, at- 11 o'clock a.-m.. The finish
was at Fair Oaks, -vhere the members of
the hunt lunched at the invitation of J.
J.' Moo»>e.* ' The coach left theBurlingame
Country Club house at noon to convey In
vited guests to Fair Oaks at 12:20 p. m.,
bringing them. back .to Burllngame after
luncheon. There is no meet of the hound*
to-day. Next Wednesday the meet will
be at Spanish Town, the Crystal Springs
Cross Roads, at, 9:50, a. m.
- Franois J. Carolan. master of the hunt,
who recently broke his right ankle in con
sequence of a; fall from h!s horse " near
the Burlingame Country Club house.. has
been unable to attena the meets for some
time, and as a- result of his absence and
of; the rain-soaked condition of the coun
try, hunting has iraiher languished! Lagt
Sunday, however, he attended the ' polo
game and hopes soon to be able, to fol
low-the hounds.. VWith his -return to the
field and: pleasanttr. weather the meets
of the San Mateo Hunt will be better at
tended.. .
FOXHOUNDS FINISH
NEAR FAIR. OAKS
Since his. failure to secure the nomina
tion for commodore of the San Francisco
Yacht Club last year, Dr. A. W.? McKei;
zle has been wavering in his allegiance
t-» that . club, and this year will boldly,
transfer his sloop Sappho to tlie Corin
thian fleet.-- The Sappho's moorings off
the clubhouse at Sausalito have been tak-
The Corinthian Tacht Club is stilt
growing^ and .will shprtly have 250 mem
bers on Its list. The club has recently
purchased; a bcow that i ran aground, at
Tlburon.'andhap sunk It near tne wester
ly end of the clubhouse. The space be
tween the "scow and the "shore will in
filled in and, a crane will be set up on the
6cow for hoisting spars and other gear.
This Improvement will relieve the cluo
float from, the presence of a quantity <jT
ballast, spars and other equipment tha«
usually cambered it during the period of
putting the yachts Into commission. ,
The owners of the Corinthian Yacht
Ciub will tneet at the Merchants' Ex ¦
change at 8 o'clock next Wednesday even
ing to arrange a sailing programme for
the corning reason. It has been usual to
include In the schedule a cruise to some
point In- South Bay. but. as the yacht
owners hjave. always shown a .disinclina
tion to risk their craft in unknown anl
Bhoal waters, it Is probable that this
year's programme will not even mention
any such" event- •
PLEASURE CRAFT
ARE OVERHAULED
The Oakland Canoe Club ' received its
friends yesterday at Its clubhouse on Ses
sions Basin, East Oakland. During the
?, ,', r 7 loon tncr c was a canoe'raceforth-
Holiday, cup. the yachts -belonging to
members of the club also, going over the
course with parties of guests on board.
The sloop Speedwell, owned by T Jen
"ca?L a E d i lueh Johns.' will be sailed this
season by her owners, with; the. aid of j?
E. «chober and E. Howard.' She Is nt
present moored in Corte Madera , Creek
near Larkspur, but will "be brought -to
Tiburon about the middle of ' March. S^e
ift. ! i n e ? cellent .condition, and" wiH-require
little preparation. The sloop Ariel -for
merly EtheJ S, har. been chattered 'for
the season by E. Boyle. A. Qrrlck and
South San . Francisco , and- ¦¦ will-'probabJv
sail wth the Corinthians. '.The. «Cffi
He has been refitted inside, and, will' take
part In all the club events- this year^E
F. Sager will be somewhat short-handei
on the Edna, If. reports are: tme^lt-belnK
said that Frank W.Thompson'.wiir be at^
sent from San Francisco on business, and
that J. V. O'Brien will also give? up sail-"
i?» sr- ,T T1 l us on!y the-vicer commoficre aad
AV.'H. Westerteld are left.
The yawl Tramontana' is * hauled ' out
of the water at Hay & Wright's . yard on
Oakland Creek. Dr. T. L. Hill's sloop
Cygnus Is afloat again, but < the insl.l
work and rigging are not quJtO- finished:
The ex-Commodore expects to be sallln
vory shortly. . • • • . . ¦ ,. ra
The "Ark-Angels" of Larkspur held a
celebration yesterday in honor of Wash
ington s birthday, and to-morrow will
give a clam-chowder party at Marln Isl
ana. . >•-;.*..-.
en up and laid down in the" cove at T'
buron. Frank Bartlett is having a great
oid'sfu^fto.* 50 " 6 on the ZS&SEK&*
- James Watson, the editor of the Ameri
can Kennel Gazette, has sold - to Clinton
E. Worden of this city a collie puppy dos
by: the Verona Kennels' champion OM
Hall Admiral out of Redhlll Nellie. Thu
pup has been registered as Redhlll Com
modore. • A
* The Pacific Mastiff Club held a meetinc
on Wednesday last under the chairman
ship of Dr. F. W. d'Evclyn, the president,
and voted, to offer the following special
prizes for mastiffs at the next San Fran
cisco show: For the best mastiff, a. silver
cup: for the best mastiff dog, a gold
medal;, for the best mastiff bitch, a jjo'.d
medal;: for tho second best doe, a sliver
medal; for the second best bitch, a silver
medal; for the best dog puppy, a silver
medal: .for the best bitch puppy, a silver
medal. ¦ ? -~- ¦- :
Philip C. Meyer has bought from Mrs.
Lee of Toledo two St. Bernard bitches.
Imp. Belline and Miss Barry, the latter <>f
which took flr«t r>rH7«> ¦ 'n New York 1*»««t
year.- Mr. Meyer expects his new acquisi
tions to. arrive abouc the end of Marcn.
Henry J. Crocker has presented his Eng
lish setter dog. -Hen Crocker's Chief, to
James To'dhunter Sloan, the noted jockey,
who intends to run the dog in the Eastern
field trials next season.
The preparations for. the San Francisco
Kennel Club's show are not proceeding as
rapidly as they might, no" even the judge
or judges yet having been appointed.
KENNEL BARKINGS.
Rowing has at last been established as
one of the recognized sports at the Uni
versity of California, the executive com
mittee of the students having decided to
take over the Boating Association and to
award financial support to it. The As
sociated Students will assume control of
the boathouse and Its equipment at Ses
sions Basin. East Oakland. Arrange
ments are being made for a race this year
against, the crew. of. the University of
Washington, which is being coached by
S..J. Pembroke, who is very well known
in connection with rowing matters on the
bay «f San Francisco and who is now
living at Seattle. For this purpose it will
be necessary for ihi University of Cali
fornia oarsmen to acquire a rour-oarel
cockswainlesa shell, which wll 1 be don« ta
soon as funds are available. It is ex
pected that the meeting between the uni
versities of California and Washington
will take place at tne annual regatta of:
the Northern Pacific Association of Ama
teur Oarsmen, which will be held at Vic
toria. B. C. in July. At the annual re
gatta at Astoria the representatives of
the University of California will have an
opportunity of meeting the crews of tha
Portland and other northern rowing club 5 '
The Alameda Boating Club deferred its
proposed opening day from yesterday to
St. Patrick's day. *hen there will be sev
eral short -races in skiffs and barges with
music and_ refreshments for the ladle's ani
visitors. Probably one of the rowing clubs
l n !k 19^ 11^ w" 1 be invited to come over
to the Oakland Creek and take part in a
The intermediate barge crew of the Ala
meda Boating Club has already begun
practice; It is made up of Ray Pollard,
bow; Julius Stamer. No. 2; Bert Lyons.
No. 3; Sydney Pollard, stroke, and Carson
Donnelly, cockswain. The cockswain Is
very young and extremely light, but al
ready shows an aptitude for the work of
steering a barge. Last Sunday all the
barges and the two skiffs belonging to the
club were in constant use.
UNIVERSITY BOYS
RECOGNIZE ROWING
Una William < Ffederlckson and Waiter
Cosby went around in 3S— two - below
hogey. AVilllam -Fredcrickson and Winsor
Walton tied for best gross score in the
men's event with 62: on the tie being
played off over two rounds, stroke play.
wVFrederlckson proved the winner with
a score of 77, to Winsor Walton's 80. The
prizes for the best gross score in the
mixed foursomes were won by Mrs. Jean
W. Bowers and H. M. Sears.
A year ago yesterday. Luxor sailed "along
ti> the final flag in the John Grace cup
stake and earned a good-sized" purse for
his kennel. The hares on that occasion
were slow.' and Luxor, as a great -killer
•was In his element. In the present run
ning of the California plate and the con
ditions about the ; same. Curtis' bread
winner stands a good chance to repeat
the trick.
The Belle Brandon event of this yoar
has for its entries the m6st fashlonab'y
bred lot of youngsters tfver slipped since
the iriHUcural of the stake. Four years
npo Mayor James- D. Phelan presented
the beautiful trophy which the owners of
yours hounds seem anxious .to lay claim
to. and each year the class, competing
for it has improved. A;close tab will bo
kept on work of. the bunch, to pick out
future champions.' - •-. ¦- . .
George Macdoi.jrall of Butte, Mont., has
rogisU'KHl a litter of' puppies wfth the
<*al!forni:i coursins committee. ; They are
by Bonnie Crawford, out of Lady Kmlly.
Mae3ousaII has been using the sire ex
tenf-ivc-iy in Montana and to good advan
tngr. The hound is by ' Crawford Lad,
out cf Carmen. .
A brother of W. B. Growtage, a 'local
Ica«hman, is here from New York:" Mr.
Growiagc sent on- a quartet of , fliers re
cently to try conclusions with our local
dog?, and ha? come in person- to see how
his hounds will perform. The.publlc will
have a chance to get a .lino on 'the new
comers in the next stake or two. • ¦
three lengths fastsr than, Fiery Face, our
loco I hound of recent importation, and
who is of the same litter.. This shows. the
Waterloo contestant a trifle faster than
any American courser.'- Farndon Ferry.
a brother in Mood of Fine Fire, is' also
among the entries. The well 'known
Judj:e Prioo will r.gain be in' the' saddle.
THE series of events which is of
fered as this week's attraction to
those who patronize the sport of
the lf-ash will be referred to for
no little time as the most com
plete carnival of coursing ever held In .
this country. AYiih the programme so
rpjrulaied that tho fina's of the three
stakes wilt be concluded en the last day.
it wouM .be hard to figure how on any
field a stronger or more even lot of
courses could be run than those which
the patrons expect in to-morrow's list.
Aeolus was brought down from Sacra
mento on Thursday last. Judging from
h!s performance at the Capital City, the
deg should do well in the company of the
youngsters which are entered in the
Belle Brandon event, that Is if the jour
ney on the cars has no bad effect on him.
Accompanying him was Condrey &
Rought's entry for the California plate
evi'nt. Better than Gold, who has shown
excellent fcrrm at home, strong enough to
pet away ; with several big ends. Aeolus
is handled and trained by Al Harder,
through whose good work the clever dog
beat the faft lot in the competition for
the John' Grace cup.
The Great Waterloo is being run In
England. "arid" much interest Is being man
ifested b;\ our local enthusiasts. Sixty
four class coursers make up the stake,
which amounts in rriws to £500.
Father, o' Fire. In the opinion of the
Fports across the pond*, is the strongest
chance for first honors. He Is a litter
brother' of Fearless Footsteps, who took
the deciding course in last year's event
and he has shown five lengths faster than
Footsteps' in private trial. Footettfps is
THIS IS THE SEASON OF
BIG STAKES FOR HOUNDS
Three Big Days at Union Coursing Park Are Hold
ing the Attention of leashmeri. V 7\J
¦The "play-off" of tho recent tie game i
between the _ Koenfes and Alamedas re
sulted in a victory for the first named at
Recreation Park yesterday. The game
was -well contested throughout and was
replete with brilliant plays.' < The only and
winning run was made in the sixth inning
by Hildebrandt, who reached first base on
a grounder to Krus and a muff by
Schroeder. Hildehrandt stole second and
came home on Eagar's long hit to left
field. - -
The battery work of J. Bodie and Eapar
for the Koenigs and Russell and Shea for
Alameda was very effective. The base
hits were few and far between, but four
being- made ' off each pitchers deliver^-.
There were fly balls galore, hut they in
variably landed safe in the hands of the
enemy. In the eighth inning it looked as
though Alameda would tie the score, but
Van Haltren at the bat. with . two out,
was unequal to. the task of bringing Shea
home from third. The score:
KOENIGS.
AB. R..BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Collins. 2b.. 4 0 0 0 *-¦¦' 6 0
KnHl. I. if.: 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Htldebrand, 3b 2 1 0 2 2 3 1
Eagar. c 1.4 0 2 1 1 0 0
J. Bodie. p :..... 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
I). Bodie. s. «..."... ..'3 0 1 - 0 1 4 0
Morrison, r.f..: 2 0 10' ,1 ' 0.' 0
Kerghan. Ib 3 0 0 0-16 0 0
McGee, c. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 28 1 43 27 16. 1
.ALAMEDA.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren. c. f.... 4 0 1- 0 1 0 0
Krug. b. s 4,. 0 1 2 1 4 1
Britt. 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 0' 0
Russell, p 4. 0.1 1 " S 2 0
Ooldsworth. 2b....... 3 0-0 0 4.3 2
Schroeder, ib 3 0 0 0 7 0 1
Shea, c 3 0 106 2 0
Wichman. 3b 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
SimpBon, r. f. ........ 3 0 0,0 0 0 0
Totals .....30 0 4 3 24 11 4
RUNS AND HITS: BY INNINGS.
KoeniKs ...V..............0 0 0 0 0 10 o; •— 1
Base hits....... 0:1.0-1 0 1 10 • — i
Alameda ..' .0 0 ,0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits ....10 1 0 0 0.0,1 1—4
SUMMARY..*
Sacrifice hits— Wichman, Hlldebrandt. First
base on. errors— Koenigs^ 3, Alameda ,1. , FliHt
base on called balls— Koenlgs 2, Alameda 1.
Left on bases — Kocnlsrs 4, Alameda 4. Struck
out— By J.Uodle l,~by Russell 6.- Doubly play-
Collins to Keoghaji. ¦ Passed ¦ ball — Shea. ¦ Time"
of game— 1:15. Umpire— Jack O'Connell/ Official
scorer— J. \V. Stapleton.' ¦
At Eighth and Harrison streets to-mor
row afternoon <the KoeniKs ' and Nobles
will meet. Following will be the line-up:
" Koenlgs. - .- Positions. I ,' Nobles.
Knell... Pitcher....!. ......... j. shea
JJasar.... Catcher................. Ford
Keoghan.'..:. :..First base......r.V. Carroll
Collins ......Second base.:.... Josh Riley
J. Bodie ..Third base. ...... J. Johnson
D. Bodie*. .....Short stop ;...... Wright
Perrine......... Left field... :.... Barry
McGee ;...;.. ...:.:.. ..Center -field;..... .....Jagger
Morrison. Right - Held. . . .... -V. Walters
' At. Oakland' the Golden Gates and "Ala
medas'Wlll play.at'2 d. m. at Freeman's
Park. - ';. ' ¦¦ • • ."-¦-'¦/ .-• ;¦ ,
,;¦,-';—— » ? ¦ — -• ;
' , The , Chicago 'Journal^ "says: "When
Sheridan- road is completed it will, be tne
only^elghty-flveiinile.^rd rive wav; in i- the
world : that does "not cross a railroad 'or a 1
Teams Was \ery
Effective.
Battery Work cf Both"
KOENIGS WIN
CLOSE GAME
OF BASEBALL
C. FRANK IRELAND, Weil-Known Turfman and Sportsman.
¦The tournament will, be completed 'next
Sunday afternoon If the weather permits.
The handicap singles tournament was j
played yesterday at the California Club
cdurts, and as the weather was perfect
for. tennis and the entry list tho largest
up to date, the tennis produced was very
high class.
Of the twenty-one players who took patt
there are but three left to-play for tlie
two handsome silver steins.' The three
players who reached the semi-finals and
finals am At Rosenberg, Charles Kuehn
and Grant Smith. Kuehn will play the
winner of the Rosenberg-Smith match for
first place. '
In the preliminary round Harold
Crowell, with odds of Jlfteen, beat R. X.
Whitney, 7—3, 3-6, 0— 2. C. Smith, with a
handicap of half fifteen, beat WHleain, ex
champion of Alameda County, t>— «, t>-0.
3—7. Dr. Lane allowed Arthur Watson
odds of half- fifteen,- which was too heavy
a handicap," as Watson won, 6—0,, 6—4.
Cornell allowed Erskine half thrity and
won, C— 2. 4—6, 7—5. Paul Jones gave
Gardner fifteen and won easily, 6—2, 6—2.
In tho first round N. Hodgkinson al
lowed S. Salisbury odds of half thirty and
| won easily, 6—1, 6—4. Rosenberg and
Ciowell played even up and although the
latter put up a godd game he was beaten
by his cleverer opponent,. G — 4. 3— 6, 6— 2.
Duval Moore gave Chet Smith a handicap
of half fifteen and after a close struggle
won, 6— 2, i 5— 7, 6—4. Grant Smith gave
Fay Beal thirty and after Beal had Smith
almost beaten he finally lost, 5— 7, 6— 3,
C— 4. Ray Cornell gave A. Watson half
fifteen. and won in-straight sets, 7— 6, 6—3.
Kuehn played Lucius Allen on even terms
and beat him, 3— 6, 6— 2, 6—0.
In the second, round Rosenberg gave
Hodgklnson a .handicap of one-half fifteen
and after a desperate struggle won, 8 — 10,
ft— 4. 6—1. Grant Smith gave Duval Moore
odds, of half thirty and won. 3—6, 7—5,
10—8. Moore, after winning the first set.
.had his opponent 5—1 on the second set,
but Smith won ¦¦ the next six games and
set. In the last set Moore played a very
sensational game. Paul Jones had a
handicap of half fifteen on Cornell, and
won,. 7 — 5, 6 — 3. In this Jones' smashing
was perfect. Kuehn and Sperry played
on 1 even terms and the former won, 6y4r
7r-5. "• v : : ' • \ : ; ¦:¦'•¦.•' :
JBut one match was played in the semi
finals, in which Kuehn. with odos;of
thirty, beat Jones,' fr^-S, 6 — 0. The' handicap
was. too large. for an inexperienced player
like Jones to carry, as the: score show?.
The other scml-nnalmatchwlll be played
by Grant Smith and Al Rosenberg. Smith
will -probably allow his .^opponent odds of
one-half fifteen. ; .--.¦_¦
Handicap Event at Cali
forn'a Club Reaches
the Finals.
TENNIS MEN
IN SINGLES
TOURNAMENT
A great deal of interest has been taken
in this fight, as the contestants are gocd
men in their, class. Hawkins has been
fighting for many years and has earned a
reputation. In his fistic <«\reer he has
met and defeated such men as Eddie Con
nolly. Martin Flaherty ,-Jack Carrig and
Kid McPartland, and has made splendid
showings against Frank Erne, Spike Sul
livan and other clever boxers. Hawkina
has. not had a ring battle in many months
and the prolonged rest has done him good.
He is training faithfully and should enter
the ring in condition to make a fast fight.
His opponent is not losing any time.
McFadden Is '.•working hard at Croll's
Gardens ' and is - said to be .in splendid
shape. The Eastern buxer is a powerfully
buiit fellow and. will undoubtedly make
things warm for tho local man.
"Kid" McFadden has a big contract on
his. hands.' He has sismcl to box two of
N Thursday evening next Dal
ft, V\ Hawkins of San Francisco and
\\ // Geor^ e McFadden of New York
will exchange uppercuts and Jabs
... in the arena of the j Twentieth
Century Club. Their bout wilS be twenty
rounds in duration and will be fought in
the Mechanics' Pavilion.- Both men will
weigh in at the lightweight limit and will
fight for a large slice of the gate receipts
and' a decision.
Alec Greggrains is in receipt of a letter
from Young Peter Jackson, in which th*
fighter says he would like to meet Thur
ston. Greggains is willing to match hi3
man against the strong though not small
black. • •
Otto Cribb and Dutch Thurston are very
much wanted young men these days, bus
Hartlng, Cribb's manager, will not match
his man against Thurston unless a hi,?
purse Is offered. Besides. Cribb has a
March fight on his shoulders.
the cleverest bantams now fightlnsr lr»
this city, and to win it will be necessary
for him. to knock both, opponents out. Mc-
Fadden may find he has bitten off to
great a mouthful to chew. Tomftiy Gil
ieather is a clever lad. He has beaten a
number of good boxers before the local
clubs. Gilfeather is a pupil of "Bob" Me-
Arthur and he has proved an apt one.
He possesses a stiff punch and can taka
a grueling. Georgie Curran will be Me-
Fadden's other opponent. That he wH
prove a worthy one is evidenced by his
record of victories. Curran is a stroug
and willing boxer. He possesses a knock
out punch in either hand and has the abil
ity to land it.
McFadden and his- rivals have gone Into
training and ring-goecs are looking for
ward to a very torrid orellmlnarv.
The McGovern talk has not yet sub
sided and he is the man for April. Wlw
his opponent will be is a Question hard to
answer.
The golf tournament at Del Monte be
gan yesterday and will be; continued to
day under the management of Vice Cap
tain P. E. Bowles of the Oakland Golf
Club and a committee of members of the
golf clubs around the bay. J The arrange
ments were, left indefinite until the ar
rival, of -the golfers at Del Monte, except
that the amateur event was set for. the
mornings of the 22d and 23d and the pro
fessional match for the afternoons. A
large .'party of Oaklanders left on Thurs
day tor. Del Monte,- and. several members
of the.San Francisco Golf Club are also
on ; hand, including Andrew Carrigan,
Lansing O. ". Kellogg, W- H. La Boyteaux,
Hugh . Tevis, H. ¦ D. ' Pillsbury, Leonard
Chcncry and Worthington Ames.; There
will also be a match for, , ladies. ; The
prizes for, the amateurs' will be silver,
cups, ¦while the professionals will receive
money as the reward of their skill. The
professionals taking, part . are Willie
Smith, open' champion of the United
States In 1S39; David Bell, third to -Harry
'Varclon and. J. H. Taylor in the open
championship last year; Horace Rawlins;
open champion In 1895; Harry Rawlins,
James Melville and Robert Johnstone.
For 'about a year past :the Del Monte
course has been provided with real turfed
putting greens, so that all the experts are
playing on the surface most familiar to
them. The rlrst prize will be $100, the sec
ond $50 and tha third- $23. _
cOwlmr to the fact that the men's, ama
teur 'Championship -and the women's
championship of Southern California be
gan on the links of the Los Angeles
Country' Club on .Thursday, none of the
noted golfers of that part of the State are
i at Del Monte, arrt the" tournament is con
! sequently* deprived of a good deal of its
interest. ¦ ' ¦• r
In order to avoid conflicting with .the
Del *Monte tournament and keeping any
players away 5 from that event the San
Francisco . Golf . Club has • rearranged • ite
schedule of .events. \ .The "home-and-home
match between teams 'of ladies of v the
San Francisco and Oakland, golf clubs,
that was to have 'begun at > 10 o clock this
morning on the > Point ' Adams links?, has
been .postponed. 'Owing, to the bad,weath
er the Qualifying . rounds f of :• the fourth
competition for the.? Council's cup ¦ for
women of the, San Francisco Golf' Club
were : not . played, last ,• Monday, and the
<w-hole competition -has-' been" deferred. On
Monday, the 25th,=at 9:30, a/ m.. there will
be a handicap "over eighteen holes, stroke
play, forewomen on the Presidio links,
each competitor paying, two balls as ..an
entrance fee.,' On. Saturday; March 2. the
first match in the home-and-home tourna
ment for women between teams repre
senting "the 'Ban Francisco and Oakland
golf clubs -will take place on the Point
Adams links, beginning at 10 a. m. The
second .match will take place one . week
later on the Presidio links at the same
hour in the morning. / .
. On March 2 the qualifying rounds, for
the fourth competition -for the Council's
cup.. for men of the San. Francisco* Golf
Club will be played on the Presidio
course, beginning at 2 p. m.. The ppening
round of the contest will take place on
March 9, and the second round on. March
16. ¦ • •-¦ ¦¦ '- i ¦'"¦' - ' : - -¦¦¦~ : ¦•'"¦ ¦
Oakland will be the center of Interest
next week to golfers.. On -March 1 will
begin the match, over seventy-two holes,
stroke play. between.^ther leading profes
sionals in this neighborhood— David Bell.
Willie Smith, James Melville, Robert
Johnstone and the Rawlins brothers. The
match will begin ' at '2 ; p. m, - the prize
money of V:00 being divided as followa:
First, $100; second,; $70; third, $30.
> The qualifying round for the amateur
men's : championship of Southern Califor
nia* was- played-on- Thursday on the links
of the Los Angeles Country Club, nearly
all of the well-known golfers of that part
of \thet State 'entering.- C. E. Orr of. the
Pasadena Country:. Club is -the present
holder of the championship, and among
those Who are trying to .wrest his honors
are C. *E. ' Maud; Walter: Cosby, Winsor
Walton. William /Praderickson. E. B
Tufts. E. D." Silent."-. J. F. Sartori. J h'
Nicoll.' J.vS.- Cravetss.F: ;P. -Wood- R. h*
Hay-Chapman - and •< N. ¦-. F.'yWHshlre; - Mrs
jean W. Bowers of Garvanza Is the hold
er ofthe women's championship of South
ern California; and is playing so strong a
game that it ; is doubtf uj .whether any of
her competitors can beat her. . In a; tour
nament at Santa -Catalina- she swon the
open * handicap ' with a gross ; score of S3
the score of : her • nearest* competitor. Mrs'
J.-rAV. Foster, being, 93.,' She also won the
ladles'^ driving contest with; a: drive of 148
yards;? Mrs. . C. P.; Bennett being -second
with 122 yards. :.; . . : .-•;
In the recent tournament at Santa Cata-
famous Professionals
Stri v6 f or Glory and
Reward.
DEL MONTE,
MECCA FOR
GOLF CRACKS
Dal Hawkins and the Two McFaddens Occupy
the Center of the Local Ring.
NOT MUCH LIFE DISPLAYED
IN PUGILISTIC MATTERS
10CpOSS COUNTRY TEAM RUN CAPTURED
BY FOUR ATHLETES FROM STANFORD
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
OAKXAND RACETRACK - Friday.
F«-b. 22, 1S01.— Weather line. Track
' - heavy.
1SH2. FIRST RACE-Flve and a half far
longs; spiling; three-year-olds and up;, purse,
tiso. •¦ . ¦
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey.- St. >i- .Str.. Fin.
:s33 Amasa, 6. 113...Bu;iman 1 1 4. 11 11
177« Small Jack. 3. 103.Domk « 2 2 .2 2 :2 2
1S7S El .Karn. 3. 103.. ..Kelly % 6 2 * 3 1 J 1
If32 Satin Coat. 3. 10«. Howell 4 3 4 4 2 4 1'
1S91 M'ntallade, a. I12.Mounca J 7 5 5 5 20
1864 Pldails, 4. 107. ......Weir 2 4 3 6 2 6 8
*VC» Spry L'rk. a. lll.Mackln 5 627 7
Tlme-3-16, :19>i: T-l*. ;44; l\~U l:UVt. Good
start. Won all oat. Second and third driving.
Winner. J. M. Crane's b. g. by Captain Al-
I.aij- Intrudtr. Am&ra h&d the most ep«d
and stayed well. Jack outclassed. Satin Coat
v.on't do. Montaliade. began. running when too
late. Scratched— Foul Play 107. Hilary 10?.
Betting— Amasa. 5-2: Small Jack, 2; El Karn
S<>: Satin Coat. 20; Moutallade, 9-5; Pidalla.
200; Spry Lark. 80. ...
1013. SECOND RACE— Three and a half fur
lor.gs; maiden two-year-olds: purse, $350.
Index.- Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. . 94. Str. Fin.
1S:<O Inocencia, 115. .Dominick 3 11 11 1 h
U77 Vasallo. 116 Bullman 4 21 81*21
l?Co F. Atterbery, lOo.Mounc* 7-6 1 2 4 3 6
1W0 Mike Murphy. 115.. Kelly 8 3 h 4^4 3
1SSO L#g»to, 10S Bassenger 6 4 1 5 5 U
JV.3 Gartha, 106 Howell 2 7 2 7 1 6 1
1S77 Monastic, 113.. Ruiz 5 8 8 7 1
1S77 Isar. 110 J. -T. Woods 1 -5 % - 6 2 - 8 •
Tirr.e-3-16, :19i;; 7-16, :45>i. Good starts
Won first throe driving. Winner, Doble &
O»."« ch. f. by Kmpwor of N'orfolk-Espiritu
Santa. ¦ Inocer.cia was inclined to stop, and,
Ftar.dirc a long, hard drive, Vasallo nearly
t'.ifcbed ner. Attcrbery has fpeed. Gartha be
l.cved badly at the post.
netting— Inocencia. 2; Vasallo, 1S-5: Fred
Atterber>-. 4: Mike Murphy. 10; Legato, 23;
Cartha, 12; Monastic, 6; Isar CO. -
1OI-1. THIRD RACE-Mile- and fifty yards;
selling; three-year-oids and up; purse. $4C0
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. «4. Str. Fin.
WSO Joe Ripley. a. HO.Domnk 4 12 15 16
If55 St. Slm'nian. a, 115. Bull 3 3^24 J 5
1SS3 Essence. 4. 1C4... Mounce 5 4 6 3 1 3 5
ZH~ R'gmaster, a. 104..Faunt'l 2 2 4 10 4 15
I'sS None Such. 6,~104..Kelly 2 5 5 6 ,-
Time^ — 30 yards. :C3; »i, :T7; >i, :33',4; %, 1:20;
mile. 1:47U; Im COyds, l:3C ! i. Good start.' Won
e&ttly. Second and third driving. Winner, F.
G. Lane's ch. h. by Hyder Ali-Loto. Riplpy
finally got a strong ride and breezed !n. Es-
Pfnce ran as if sore. Ringmaster no speed.
Betting— Joe Ripley. 8-3; St. Simonian. 3;
Essence. 3-2; Ringmaster, 23; None Such 40
1!H5. FOURTH RACE— One mile; George
Washington Handicap; three-year-olds and up;
purse. $100u.
Ir.dex. Horse. Wt. Jockey, st 4. Str. Fin.
(ISSl)Sea Lion. 6. 95..Matthws 3 12 12 1 4
lsS2 Scotch Plaid, 6. SS.Domk 14 2 2 3 2 4
(l!«3)Uarda. 6. S3.J. T. Woods 4 2 n 3 n 3 n»
(lS3T.)The Fretter, 5. llii.Mnce 6 5 4 4 2 4 5
1SJI G'd Sachem, 6. 5»2.Redfrn 2 3 4 5 10 5 12
1777 I'p. lidbm, 5, ES.Sheehn 5 6 6 6
Time— 14. :IS : #, :32U: a ;. 1:11; mile. 1:46.
G'^-d start. Won first three driving. Winner,
Caesar Young's b. h. by Imp. Deceiver-Sea
View. . Matthews went the shortest route with
8<?a Lion and was in deepest going. This
suited his legy. plsid cut off on first turn.
Uarda carried The Fretter out all through the
stretch. Sachem never in it. Scratched —
Dandy Jim 6L 'Disqualified for fouling and
placed last.
Betting— Pea Lion. 5: Scotch Plaid, 7-5;
I'arda. 5; The Fretter, 3; Grand Sachem, 10;
Imp. Broadbrim, 15.'
IOIC. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds ond up: purse. J."."".
Index. Herse. Wt, Jockey. St. 'i- Str. Fin.
(l.C.)Marcato, 6, H2.Bu!lman 1 1 n In 1 H
1K4 Quiz II, 3. IM... Mounce 3 3 3 2 1 2 2
1761 Majviine. 4. 107...HoweJI 4. 4 10 3.U 3 1 .
1-*"1 Guno. 4. 114 Kalz 2 2 hi 4 20 4 20
1CS2 Mike Rice, a. 112. Russell 6 6 5 8 5 10
K23 Nora Ives. 5. HO.Domnk 5 6 2 6 6
Time— U. :Ti^; U. :51'i: %. 1:1S%. Good
Ftart. Won first three driving. Winner. Burns
<s. Waterhoure's tr. jr. by Duke nt Montrosp-
Minnehaha Bellr. If Mounce on Quiz had made
hif run sooner that celt would probably have
wun. Gusto had early jpeed. Nora Ivcs ran
bcdly.
Bettintr— Marr-ato, Quiz II, 1; Maydine,
40; Gusto, Is; Mike Rice, DO; Nora Ives, t.
1»17. SIXTH RACE— Futurity course; sell
ing; four-year-olds ar.d up; purse, J4C9.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. »,»• £tr. Fin.
<1'C7)M. Davis. S. 102. Mounce S 5 1 3 2 11
It:S>3 Hermoso. 6. 103.Domnlck 2 1 n 2 1 2 1't4
<lsk») Peace. .', 100 Ransch 1 2 10 1 1 8 n
LK1 Tiburon, I, lOL.Frawiey 3 3 h 5 3 4 3
.... Mike Strauss. 4. ftS.Hoar 4 4 h 4 5 5 S
IKT. Clarcndo, 5, lOO.Matthws 6 6 6 6
Time— To hi. :21»i: to u,. :4C»i: la«t H. 1:01:
fV.ort *.i. 1:13. Good start. Won first threa
driving. Winner. W. M. Sloan'a b. m. by
Scyre-Lizzie C. Peace raced Hermoso to a
Ftandstlll, arid, coming from far back, Maggie
T:on cleverly. Tiburon can do better.
Bettlrur— llaggie Dkvls. 3: Hermoso. 1; Peace,
10; Tiburon. 5; Mike PtrausF, ICO; Clarando, 15.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
TANFORAN PARK-Friday. Feb. 22,
.1001.— Weather line. Track heavy.
JOOG. FIRST RACE-Slx furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and. up; purse, $330.
,£t x - ¦ Horse. "V/t." Jockey. St. >4. Str. Fin.
}»*l Dolore, a 117.... Bennett 3 2h 12 13.
1S38 The Singer. 4. 106.0'Conr 4 4 2 3 ><. 2 «4
1871.Balvado, 5. 117.Bozcman 7 7 4 f 3 5'
(} ' Hunner < ' 5 - 116. Turner 3 1 h 2 h 4 2
183. Wallenst'n,.4, 103. Woods 6 3 h 5 1 5 2
1798 M. Lark, a, 109.. ..Henry 5 6 h 6 16 1
1S22 March Seven, 4, 109.KnoE 16 3 7 7
Tima-^4,. :23H;- %. -:50>4; %, 1:174- .Good
start. Won handily. -Second and third driv
ing. -Winner, J. Wells' b. m. by Wild Idle-
Rosette. Goal Runner absolutely no account
at i present. Dolore surprised herself. The
fclnger ran his race.
; Betting— Dolore, 100; Th« Singer. 7: Salvado.
U; Goal Runner, 2-5; Wallensteln, 15; Meadow
Lark, 12; March Seven, 60.
1OO7. SECOXD RACE— Three and a half fur
longs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Inde3t Horse,- Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. •< Fin.
I860 S. Llchtens'n, 113. Woods 2 2 3 2 3 1 \
U7S7)R. Ough. IIS.. Buchanan 3 1H lh 2 6
1SS3 L. Maxim. 103.O'Connor 13 2 3 4 3 8
1775 Vraula,- 100 ...........See 44 3 4 10 4 10*
.... Slr.Claua, 113 Enos 5 6 6 5
1SG0 Brattaln, lOS.Burllngame • .;
¦ Time— 3-16. :1SH; 7-16. :43. Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner, Dr. II. B. Row
ell's blk. g. by Imp. St. George-Ada. Sol
Llchtcnsteln the gamest. Rory Ough ran his
race. Brattain wheeled around as gate went
up. Sir Claus ran green. 'Left.
Betting— Sol Llchtenstein. 4-5; Rory Oujrh,
3-2; Lesal Maxim, 7-2; Yrsula, 50; Sir Claus,
30; E, M. T3rattain, 40.
lOOS... THIRD BACE-One mile; four-year
olds and up; purse, $400.'
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. . hi. Str. Fin.
3{t?5 Barrack, 4. 1C9.... Henry 2 1 h 13 14
1S70 McXamara, 4, 106. 0' Con 4 4 h 3 H 2 h
1S97 Prestome, 4, 1C6.,. Sloan 5 3 2 4 1 3 3
1767 Dr. Cave. 4, 104..Buchan 12 2 2 h 4 5
1824 Flush Gold, 4. 103. Burns 8 6 h 5 6 5 4
1SS0 Burdock, 4, 107... Woods 6 6 6 6"
Tlme->4, :20»i;'u, -M\\ »;, 1:18%; mile. 1:43.
Good start. Won easily. Second end third
driving. Winner, D. H. Barnes' br. h. by
BcrFan-Fable. Kasy for Barrack. O'Connor
on McXamara. fouled nearly every horse in the
race. Prestome would have been second with
out interference. Cave had speed, but stopped
badly. Flush went to the po3t very sore.
Scratched— Montanlc 106, Autumn 106.
Betting— Barrack, 13-5: McNamara, 8; Pres
tome. 11-5; Dr. Cave, 20; Flush of Gold, 13-5;
Burdock, 20.
U)O0. FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth
miles; Washington's Birthday handicap; three
year-olds; purfe, J2S35.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. 4. Str. Fin.
1873 Telamon, 113 Henry 2 2 2 2 3 12
1811 Articulate, 118 ..Buchan 114 15 2 5
1S49 Canmore, 121 ..T. Burns 3 4 1 3 h 3 5
1717 Brutal, 116 Thorpa 8 6 h 6 1 4 1
18J3 Joe Frey. 122. ..T. Sloan 5 7 6 52 5 2
1825 Silurian. 109.... O'Connor 4 3h 4h $4
(l?73)Janice, 116 See 6 5 1 7 6 7 6
3S43 Grafter. Ill ....J. Woods 9 9 8 2 8 4
1S01 Arsregor. 103..Weddmtd 7 84 9 9
Time— U. :23; >*. :30%: »4. l;l«V4; m, 1:4J%;
lHm, l:57»-i. Good start. Won easily. Second
and third driving. Winner, S. C. Hildreth's
ch. c. by Hanover-Toloache. Sloan rode a very
bad race. He went the overland all the way
and got cut off on first turn. There was a
good deal of crowding on first turn. Brutal
suffered by it. so did Janice. Telamon ran a
swell rcae; so did Articulate. Scratched— Beau
Ormonde 1CS. Rolling Boer 120. "
Betting — Telnmon. 10; Articulate, 9-2: Can
more. 6; Brutal. 10; Joe Frey, 5-2; Silurian, 6;
Janice, 9; Grafter, 20; Argregor, 30.
1010. FIFTH RACE-Slx furlongs; Belling;
four-year-olds and up; pur*e.. $5o0.- .
Indrx. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. >^. Str. Fin.
(1691)Xan!=pn, 4. 106.. O'Connor 12 4 2 4 12
1S2S Kdinbor'gh. 4, 109.Henry 3 1 h 1 h 2 8
-1803 Hohcnlohe, 6, 112. .Burns 6 6 4 10 3 2
<lM2)Royal Prize, 6, lOS.Enos 5 5 4 3 1 4 15
18SJ E. Zola. 6. 109.\\>derstd 4 4 2 5 5
470 K. Isllngtn. 4. 112.Meany 2 3h / '
Time— y 4 , :!5\;: «i, :43%; %. 1:16^4. Poor
»tart. "Won easily. Sfcond and third driving.
"Winner, P. Dunne's ch. g. by Bramble-North
Anna. Nanscn won on his class. Edlnbor
ousrh had to make up too much ground aft»r
the start. Scratched— Sweet William 109, Xo
via. 117. 'Broke down.
Betting— Nansen, 7-5; Edinborough, 7-5; Ho
hrnlohe. 8; Royal Prize, 7; Emlle Zola, 50;
Earl Islington, 20.
1911. SIXTH HACE-S!x furlongsn sellins;
thrce-year-olde; purse, $300.
Indrx. Horsp. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
1SS6 Feld*. 108 Henry 4 314 In
(lSODRavelinir, 110... O'Connor 1 2 2 24 22
1SSS Andruttus. 103.Buchanan ! m lh 3 h
(lS54)Impromptu, 110 Burns 3 4 1 3 1.4
Time— «i, :23; %. :50>4; «i, 1:18. Good start.
Won flrxt three driving. Winner, S. C. Hil
dreth's ch. c. by Azra-Flossie. Seide best. An
drattus Etoprcd badly. Ravelins ran a cork
inp racp. Impromptu race not a good one.
Bettlnp— Sel<l(?, 7-5; Ravelins, 6; Andrattus,
3; Impromptu, 3.
BIRTHDAY HANDICAP
MAY BE CALLED OFF
GENTLEMEN'S CONTEST.
LADIES" "CONTEST. . .
Graham Knocked Out.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark... Feb. 22.— Jim
Scanlan. easily defeated Jim Graham here
lo-rilght. knocking him out in the first
round.
The handicap over eighteen holes, medal
play, on ths links of the San Francisco
Golf Club .yesterday brought out few
competitors, and of these only three
handed In their scores. . These were as
follows: "C"'.*-'-
It is probable that yesterday s play will
be called off, and. that the scores made In
the qualifying rounds for the fourth com
petition for the Council's cup for men
next Saturday will be. reckoned for the
birthday handicap prizes. No contest is
set for to-day on the links of the . San
Francisco Golf Club. The fourth contest
for the Council's cup for women that was
pet for last Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday was postponed on account of
the had weather, and will take place
March 4, 5 and 6. , .
Races at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANSi.Feb.. 22.— Results:
One mile— C. ¦ P. Jones won. King Elkwood
second. Swordman third. Time. -1:42 s .*. ¦
Mile and a half, hurdles — Free Advice won.'
Dtok Furber tecond, Bristol -third. Time,
2:r*U- ¦ ' • ¦ ' .•--.. -v. ..
Six furlor.es— Sir Christopher won. Laureate
seccr.d. HarneySanl third. Time, l:14Vi.
George Washlnjton handicap, - mile and
seventy yards— Intrusive won. Sir Gatian sec
ond. Skillman third.. .Time. 1:44V4. ..
Handicap, eeven furloriKs — Sentry won, Jo*
Collins second. Empress of Beauty third. Time,'
i:2S>4. ' ' • ' '- ¦ ¦¦¦"¦¦
. Mile and nn eighth, selllns— hcon Fprjruson
won. J. K. Sloan second. Petit Maltre third.
TIm«. 1:S«. • ¦ ' . . ¦ . . . .
Livennors Marksmen Win.
SAN JOBE, Feb. 22.— Company I of the
National Guard of I#Ivermore' defeated
Company B, Fifth Re&lment, of this city
in a match shoot to-day by a score of 391
to 368. Each' team consisted of ten men.
Sergeant McClay of Company B made tho
highest score, making 1 45 out of a possible
00 points.
At the Ban Francisco trtndbaU courtc
on fiunday the following matches will bo
played: P. Mclntyre antl M. McLeod vs.
Dan Rodeers and P. McKlnnon; A. Mo
Vicker and T. J. Lydon vs. J. Condon anil
G. B. Hayward; X. J. Prendereast and
\V. H. Kedian vs. W. II. Sleb.^rst and H.
J. Itocers; P. Ryan and W. Fi«her vs. D.
Connellv and M. Basch; T.Serros and J-
Glynn vs. E. White and C. Lakin: G.
Green ar.d R. Regll vs. \V. Johnson and F.
Smith: Ed White and M. McDonald vs
B. Sheridan and M. Lcvi: J. Harlow an«l
R. Murphy vs. J. Rlordon and M. Dillon:
J. White and W. Mafulre vs. J. Collins
and E. Curley; J. C. Nealon and A. Hamp
ton vs. M. J. Kilgallon and R. Llnehan.
HANDBALL CONTlST
Tanforan Entries.
Following are tho entries at Tanforan:
First race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds;
pelilnR:
1S?1 Gaylon Brown.. 102| 1778 Klnpstelle ..1..100
1721 Skip Mo 100 1S9$ M. Hildreth. ...100
1740 Lucera 100 1720 Luca 100
18SS Birdie Stone.. ..100 18S3 Quibo 105
1S« Invlctus 103 (JS96)Gold Badge. ...109
1836 Fondo 102
Second racs — One mile; four-year-olds and
up: felling:
1731 Vohicer 101 1S38 Artllla 96
1303 Llzze'.la 101 1727 Topmast 109
1S97 Donator 1C6 (lS70)Alee 104
(1E97)R1O Chlco 106
Third race — One and thr<~-qunrter miles;
hurdle handicap; over Feven hurdles:
aS4S)Credo 17ol 1848 Lothian 160
US72)J O C 125! 1S4S Eva Moe 122
Veragua '.12*1 1S72 V«rlwig i«5
1S27 Chctcau ... 120 1743 The Californ f n.l20
1S04 Tom Sharkey..-.12'jl
. Fourth race— One and nn eighth miles; four
yt-ar-old* and up; San Mateo handicap: •
OM9)Warln£ l?~\ 1843 Ad. Guard. ....»11S
¦1S43 Vesuvlan .. 110; 18*3 The Lady ill
<lR85)Vu'caln ; 110 1S49 AndrlFa 103
18JS fipcdflc ' V>~ 1895 Gonfalon 105
1»3 Wyoming < 103 1835 Autumn ..• 102
JSS3 Florizar .'. 10>|(3S74)Lavator 9S
• 1397 Imperious ...... 93' 1852 Phoenissa 83
Fifth race— Six furlongs; maiden three.-yea'r
olds ana up; selling: . '
. 1752 AurifTera ......107 1$75 Carlovingian ..104
3S84 Cantinus 1C7 1375 The Qaffcr ....104
• 1875 Bweet ¦ Voice ...101 1369 Lady Maud ...104
1750 Thracla 102 1S75 Red Cherry ...104
1724 Bronhllda 107 1875 Thornwild .....104
. 1762 Robert J 107 J8S4 Sebartlana ....102
idCtt Prraia l f i7 1S73 Cerr6 Santa. ...104
1743 Llbbie Elkins..lO2 i -.• ;
Sixth race — Seven end a half furlongs; four
year-olds and up; purfe:
USD4)Bogus Bill 104' 1163 Beau Monde ..313
1800 Rrdwald 107, 1871 Osmond 107
nS99)MacGyle 104 19«ft Dr. Cave 107
U8S6)Hand!carper ..1C9 (lSC2)Edgan!o 104
Tanforan Selections.
Flret race— Fondo, Invictim, Luca
Second race— Alee, Artllla, Donator.
Third race — Crpdo, Verajnia. Lothian.
Fourth race— Waring, Lavator. ¦ Imperious. '.'
Fifth race— Brenhllds, Thracia, Robert, J.
Sixth race— Handlcapper". Edgardo, HacGyle
Oakland Entries.
The entries at Oakland track are as fol
lows:
Fin>t race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
Mil ing:
.... Whar.Rdoodle ..1091 1S79 Lltmua 119
1ST? Hathgar 113 1912 El Kara 109
.... KJith O 107i 1&00 TrlFtrain 112
JS7« Billy Lyons 1191
Fecond race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
crd up; tilling: «
l«<i M'dlove 1161 1^32 Foul'Play 112
1<JK La ilascotta 116 IS34 Loorani IIS
1^:2 I Don't Know.. 115 1&12 St. Illca 103
1654 Mainstay 121 > • >* ~
Third race— Four furlongi; two-year-olds;
r^'ire: ¦ .
<2«41)Zirl .'...115; .... Bright Moon. ...70S
IMS \Vlnnabell 105 (lSfiT.)Dr. Scharflt 118
.... Myriad Dancer-lOS] 1378 Carlo K>8
Ifctl Lento lW;(lS5."!)RoEewar 113
1S5J Jert!»rre <J'Or.lCiia«T7)Louwelsea 113
Fourth race — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; jiellini?:
<U40)Dr. Marks 110] 1S?S Barney F 1C2
1S!>1 Dunfree S3' 1603 Ostler Joe 113
ttn Phil Archibald. B» l%j Morlnga 101
1S^ B. del Han'do3.110!
Fifth race— Mile and an eighth: three-year
cMi end up; Palace HotPl Handicap: • ~.v""
191S Imp. B'dbrlm." SSi 1ST>5 Ilangor 1C5
1SJ5 Kavcnius 122 OiS6)llan<ilcapper ...101
1S6S Ulo Shannon... 90'<l!il3)S*a Lion 91
IM Lena 9:.; 1S--3 Prejudice 103
1SS2 Bathos ST: 1727 Forir.ero .....'..107
f-lxth n^e-Slx furloifgs; three-year-olds and
ap: Peralta Handicap:
(lSSO)Scallywajr LlW 1901 PrestldiRrltator 100
1^^;S Frank T.ell 12» 1R20 Yellowtall 117
<lS5«)fcIy 124 IS01 flood Hope 100
1892 Tame Ir'Phmn.lOT 1SCS Gibraltar ......112
Oakland Selections.
Flirt race— Whangdoodle, El Kara. Billy
L5 one.
Second race— Locram, M!dlove, St. Rica, .
Third race— Rosewar, 7.1rl, Louwelsca.
Fourth race— Ostler Joe, Dunfree, Phil Archi
bald.
Fifth race— Fa von lus, Lena. Formero.
Sixth race— Good Hope, Sly, Fre.ri Bell.
Harold Money Wins.
NE"W YORK. Feb. 22.— Harold Money of
Oakland. N. J.. a member of the Carteret
Club of Garden City. L. I., and the young
est eon of Captain A. W. Money. th»
veteran trapshooter. won the amateur
pigeon shooting championship of America
from a field of seventeen contestants at
the Carteret Gun Club's grounds to-day
with a score of S3 kills out of a posalbla
100. Colonel Tho ma 3 Martin of Bluff ton.
S. C. and Harry S. Klrkover of Buffalo.
N. Y., tied for second • honors' with 17
each, and Dr. Frank C. Wilson of Savan
nah. Ga.. and C. A. Painter of Plttsbur*
tied for fourth place with 66 kills each.
Those who keep posted on the doings
of coursing events were out in force yc3
terday at the opening of the three days'
carnival of sport which Is offered by the
Union Park management as a holiday at
traction.
The programme consisted of a run down
in the California plat© stake of eighty en
tries and two rounds of tho fashionable
Belle Brandon challenge cup event with
thirty-two . youngsters competing fo
henors. With the lot In the latter stake
giving, their first public performance tho
wise ones were" compelled to do lomo
studying to "pick the flag-getters,- though
In tho plate event seasoned campaigners
kept faith and repeated past winnings.
Palo Alto is In grreat form, and his show
ing has' placed him in first position with
the bettors as tho choice for honors.
Beacon Is close to him In -the figuring,
while Luxor, the blue dog's kennel mate.
Is ' not . far . away. The great- course will
be the one between Palo Alto and Bea
con.
Though Beacon Is held at second choice
his owners look to Luxor for their repre
sentative in the strug-gle for final hono 1 ":*.
Luxor a year ago brought flour to the
barrel when tho John Grace cup wa3 com
peted for at this- season and Is In con
dition to get more fame by taking ths
big ' stake.
Following arc" the day's results with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
California Plate Stake, first round— J. A.
Klein's Granuvllla beat D. J. Kcaley's Ur&nla,
10-1: J. H. Ronseter's Random- Aim beat L.
F. BartelV • Banner Brlifht. 4-2; P. J. Reilly's
Kcnesty beat C. O. Peterson' ¦ Silver Cloud,
7-0; T. J. Cronln's Vandal beat Russell k
Allen's Daisy Clalr. 4-0: F. 8. Price's Brutus
beat E. M. Kellogg's Buck. 4-0; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Sir Pasha beat II. A. Deckelman's
Lawrence. 16-14; P. - Doyle's Liberator beat
R. K. Malcolm'B Fine Fire, 12-0; E. Geary's
America beat. Curtis & Sons' War Eagle, 4-2;
F. Jones" Wedjrewocd beat J. H. Rosseter's
Rural Artist. 4-1; Russell & Allen's Hplteful
btat -¦ P. Jackson's Honor Bright. 2-0; Curtis
&. Sons' -Rector beat Condrey & Rought's Bet
ter Than Gold, 11-9; Curtis & Sons' Narcissus
beat Pasha Kennels' Real Article, 8-3; C. C.
Uriswold's Harlean Gladys beat J. H. Kosse
ter's Roman' Athlete. 8-2; P. Jackson's Golden
Russet beat Curtis & Sons' Warpath, 17-5; ,T.
W". . Bartels' Mac's Melody beat Curtis & Sons'
Shadow. 4-1; S. Handy' a Twin City Girl beat
Curtis & Sons' UcKlnley. 3-2; George Shar
man's St. Ivei beat Sterl & Knowles' Sleety
Mist. 5-4; H. • A. Deckelman's Rocker beat P.
J. Reilly's Royal Union. 8-4; D. J. HeaJey'a
Toploea beat P. J. Reiliys : Warship. 3-1;
George Van Bergen" s Half Mcon beat R. L.
Taylor's Beauty-Bpot. 6-2; D. J. Healeys
Lady Clare beat'J.. H. Halton's Uncle Fuller.
15-10; ; F. A; McComb'a Little . Sister : beat < E.
Oeary's Ireland, 4-3; E. Geary's Palo Alto
HIGHLY BRED HOUNDS
DISPLAY THEIR SPEED
Second round— Amadee beat May Buds, 1-0:
Aeolus beat Dorothy SI. 7-6; Freeieout beat
Hesper. 11-2: Minnie Sankey beat Sweet Lo
cust. 6-1; Ravlola. beat Entertaining;. 3-2: Miss
Brunncll beat Hickory Dick. 3-2: Merrtwa beat
Haphazard. S-0; Red Rock beat Paloma. 13-3.
r*at Erwin & Lytma' Silver Wln*s, 5-1' R.
& de D. Lopez's Sweetness beat W. C. Olat
fron s Dewdrop. $-2; George Xethercott's Fliod
£ate beat H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot.' 8-4;
Curtla & Sons" Luxor b»at Chlartnl Brothers'
f-antonin; 5-O; Curtis *: Sons* Beacon beat E.
M. Kellogy'9 Sweet Emma, 8-0; Georga Wlilt
rey's Theron beat J. R. Smith's Sylvanua. J-4;
J J. Kenny's 'Hot Haste beat Curtis & Sons'
Maud S. «-5:"J. Cane's Master Davenport beat
Irskin* & Jones" Larender. 3-0; A. T. Leon
ard's Game Boy beat T. J. Crontn's Wild
Tialee. l»-2; P. M. Clarkson's Golden Garter
t<at P. J. Reilly's The Grafter. 4-3; J H.
Kcssetcr's Risky Attempt beat F. A. ITe-
Crinb's Hona Fide. 5-1; Georre Sharaan'i
CTIcago Boy beat Walsh ft Heenan's Sacra
retnto Boy. S-2: J. Cane's Greenhall beat J.
K. Hodgklns' King Cashier. 5-1; J. H. Rosse
ter*s Royal Anne beat J. H. Halton's Tom
Hurllck. 6-1; Curtis & Sons' Flying: Fox beat
K. A. McComb's Royal Flush. 3-2: M Dun
lea's Erin beat J. M. Halton'i May Hemp
stead. fc-3: J. Dean's S'.sauoc beat L. F. Bar-
Ids' Best Bargain. 5-2: J. H. Rosseter"s Fiery
Face beat E. M. Kellojfg's Iowa Boy. 8-1.
B«l!e Brandon challenge cup. stake: First
round— D. Chella's May Buds beat T. VT. Bar
tels* Baroness Beatrice. 5-0; T. Barre's Ama
«ee beat P. M. Clarkson's Lady. Nell; 8-2:
Georse McE. Malcolm's Avelus beat A. Van
dentun;'* Flyms Ship. «-2; J. Dean's Doro
thea II beat W. F. Worthlngton's Guinea, 24
4: J. M. Still well's Hescer beat Dr. F. P.
Clark's Ramona, Gold. 9-4: Sterl & Knowlrj'
Freezeo«t beat W. F. WortMngton* s ¦ San
Pablo. 13-5: R. L. Taylor's Sweet Locust beat
E. Geary's Fannie Hujhic, 5-4; B. Geary* •
Minnie Sankey beat H. M. Christensen's Mas
ter Harold. 19-7; R. L. Taylor's Ravlola beat
E. Geary's Ruby Sankey. 3-0: T. Mailer's En
tertaining beat George MeE. Malcolm's An
droreeda. 3-X; P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brtmnell
beat P. Horsan's Chula, 11-3: Gflorf* N'ether
cott'r Hicory Dick beat P. Roesner's Homer.
3-2: R. L. Taylor's Merrrwa beat J. H. Ros-
FOter's Rustic Arbor. 5-0; P. M. Clarkson's
Haphazard beat J. M. St'llman's Whisper. «-2;
H. It. Robblns* Paloma beat P. M. Clarkson's
Prompto. *•?: Georre Nethercott's Red Rock
beat Curtis & Sons' Wapsee, 4-2.
the last team been started before the
judges, referee, timers and other officials
went to the finishing point in the park
panhandle. Garcia was the first man in,
followed by Zschokke and Wesdahl. . *'.
The other teams of athletes who started
were as follows:
Second bunch — Chadbourne, Stanford ; Red
ficld, Oakland High School; Klllam, Olympic
Club.
Third bunch— Smith. Olympic Club; Clough,
Oakland High School: Hamilton. Stanford.
Fourth bunch — Sprague. Stanford; La Vallieu.
Oakland High School; Taylor. Olympic Club.
Fifth bunch— Stone. Olympic Club; Taylor,
Stanford; Lundy. Oakland High School.
For a cross country raco the weather
conditions were perfect. The day was
comfortably warm, but a light fog tem
pered the sun's rays. It was a novel af-,
fair, particularly regarding the conditions
under which the rac^e was run. Each or
ganization had five representatives, and
the gross time made over the route was
the basis on which the time was calcu
lated and the trophy awarded. The Indi
vidual time of each runner was taken,
and thl3 was credited to the respective
STANFORD won the cross coun
try run, held yesterday morning
under the auspices of the Olym
pic Club In Golden Gate' Park,
but to Oakland "High School and Its
speedy runner," La Vallieu, went the prize
for the bent individual time. He covered
the distance, approximately four miles, in
the excellent time of 23 min. 1 sec. Con
sidering the fact that the course was up
hill and. down dale, his performance was
remarkable.
The race was run In "bunches." This
is a new designation for competing ath
letes. At 11:10 a. m. Zschokke of Stan
ford, Wesdahl of Oakland High School
and Garcia of the Olympic Club started
out. At three-minute intervals they were
followed by the other bunches, so there
was constantly a procession of athletes
clad In running clothes, cavorting around
the park.
The start wes made from the Baker
street entrance -and the finish was at a
point near Central avenue. Hardly had
college, school or club.
Stanford's gross time was 1 hour 57
min. 57 1-5 sec. Oakland Hlah School 1
hour 59 min. 37 2-5. sec, Olympic Club 2
hours 3 min. 24 sec. Stanford beat Its next
competitor by 1 min. 40 1-5 sec. and tho
Olympic Club by nearly three minutes.
La. Vallieu's run won for him a gold,
medal. His time of 23 min. 1 sec. Is con
sidered remarkable. He was In the fourth
bunch to start, but camo in so close to
those in the third bunch that the Judges
were greatly surprised. The time made
by the .runners in this bunch was remark
ably close, only fractions of seconds sep
arating I,a Vallleu. Sprague of Stanford
apd Taylor of the Olympic Club In the
order named.
The officers of the run were: William
Greer Harrison, referee; John Elliott,
starter; Georjre P. Wetmore. George
Thompson, H. Hadenfeldt. William
Maekie. J. Muma. timers; J. W. Mullen.
D. Brown. H. V. Tlarnsdell. scorers; J. A.
Hammersmith, C. Harris, A. Stone,
judges; C. A. Cantwell, clerk of course;
De Witt Van Court, George Elliott, as
sistants.
The Palace Hotel handicap at one mile
and a rurlcng is the feature of the card
e.i Oakland to-day. At Tanforan, the San
ilateo handicap Is the stellar attraction.
J. T. Woods, who rode I'arda in th<?
handicap at Oakland, was given a week
on the ground by the judges for rough
rt-iing.
Bullman and T>r>mir.ick divided the Fad
dl* 1 honor? at the tra^k over the hay.
The laugh is on Jeff Wellp. anything bat
the frouil owner of P.ilore, the 100 to 1
winner, at Tanforan. IVeUa \<rent over to
Oakland, yesterday to piay another of blj
own horses and advised all hip friends not
to touch Dolore. as ?t <-ouldn't win.
Track Notes.
Q'^ANCIN'G over the merry sea of
faces in the crowded prand stand
at Oakland yesterday, then
squewsiug through ar.d among
the merry crowd of holiday sport
seekers who packed the great betting: ring
to th© bursting- point, made it hard to be
lieve another track running: In. opposition
cr»uld attract a similar throne To add
ll"> the eclat and gayety of the scene, many
notables in society from both of the b.iy
cltles wor« assembled on the lawn or oc
cupied scats on the cozy clubhouse veran
das. Among the more prominent of these
r.otJeed were: Captain and Mrs. Edward
Kackett, Mrs. J. W. Brooks. Miss Mor-
Y.'.ns. Mr. and Mrs. W. J. <3e Bruhl, Mr.
ar.d Mrs. Cary Friedlander, Guy Barham.
Frar.k Mitchell, Miss Rowena Burns. Miss
CluJT. Mrs. Joseph Murphy. Mrs. W. E.
Dargle. W. E. Darrie Jr.. Mr. and Mis.
Oeore© Gale. Horace Platt, J. W. Byrnes.
Mr. and Mrs. I* V. Bell. D. J. Murphv.
Charles Felton. R. P. Rithet. Dr. Georffe
F. Shields. ChriEtian Froelich, Major Car
rol ilercer. Captain Charles G. Lyman.
Major Gambrlll, Morgan Hill. W*. J. ds
Bruil Jr.. Louia Llssak. Miss Lena Nel
son. Walter Beattie. Mr. and Mrs. Gra
ham,, Charles Spear, Frank J. Moffltt. Mrs.
Phliip Walsh. Captain John Hackett. Jo
seph Johnston. AJex Hamilton. Harry
Veuve, Adam Andrew, Charles Glvens and
Charles E. Paxton.
Warn and balmy, th© weather was per
fect for racing purposes, the only mar
ring feature being the slow and suppy
track. This deceptive going played havoc
with the form of the ia.vorites. the two
vear-old Inocencia bein?- the only one to
treast the tape in front. The bookies
handled thousands, ar.O these disasters to
:. h > talent enabled them to recoup thcii
losses of the last few cays, i
A better day's racing has not been
witnessed in many moons. The George
Washington handicap, taken in a furiua
drive by Sea Lion, was a fitting: headliner
to a grand olio of sport. There were six
starters in this event, the principal play
being confined to the i#-pounder Scotch
Plaid, from the Burns & Waterhou^-e
etab'.a. The griding had Dominick in
ftead of llar.sch on his back, and from
2^; the price fell to 7 to 5. and even lower.
Uarda went back in the betting from 1 to
5 jir.d The Frttter from, is to 5 to 3. It was
fipured that the heavy footing would mil
::at<- against the chances of the Burns
handicap winner, and it did. Sea Lion, a
reveler in any port of damp going, witli
E. Matthews and nlnotv-ilve pounds up,
also passed apparently neglected.
Jak^ Holtman, at his best In the start
er s box. sent the Held away heads apart.
Matthews on Sea Lion with orders to
blaze a way for the others, not even stop
ping at any of the mail stations or whist
ling at the cross-roads, won by half a
length in grueling drive with the fa
vorite. Uarda, which ran third, piloted
by J. T. Wood?, interfered with Mounce
astride The Fretter all the way from the
head of the stretch, and was disqualified
lor fouiir.gr.
In the curtain raiser at five and a half
furlongs AmaFa. ridden by Bullmnn. won
all the way. The fast gelding's odds went
lrom Mo 5 to 5 to 2, and h«» di^pa^ed of
Small Jack by a length. Montallade, the
favorite, outfooted at the start, ran un-
Tben ff"!Jowed the win of the two-year
< Id cpramblo b>* Inoctncia. a daughter of
Emperor of Norfolk. A 2 to 1 choice, she
outbroke her company and. hard riddeji,
KVf th^ deoiFien over Vasallo by a hea-i.
Fred Atterbury took the show.
The- owner of Joe Ripley finally decide!
t« replace little Brodien on the back of
the old horse with Dominick. It worked
wronger*, for Jo© made a gallop of the
mile and fifty yards selling run. backed
from twos to S to 5. St. Slmonian. whic 1 !
«.pened favorite and receded to 2, got th'j
place from Essence, the post choice. The
latter showed figr.s of soreness, running
a very disappointing race.
Quiz II clewed favorite o\ - er Mafcato for
the fifth event, but the colts' race of the
cay before had evidently dulled his edge
In front .m^st of the way. Marcato scored
by half a length. Quiz led Maydine out
two lengths for the place.
Dainty Maggie Davis, a very small bit
of horseflesh, defeated rive fast ones in
concluding Futurity course sprints. All
kinds and colors of coin poured Into the
bocks on the giant Hermoso at even?.
At the start. Peace and the favorite
jr-.ork eff the fU!d. The pair set a heart-
clip into the stretch, and then
backing up noticeably. Gradua'Jy
ctotfas up the jrap. Mour.ce COt up with
Mac^ie Davis at the paddock and. hard
r'.nd^n, the mare stepped over the lin«?
r.rpt by a length. Hprmoso finished sec
ond, more than a length ahead of Peace.
By F. E. Mulholland.
AT OAKLAND TRACK
Th<» Association ha<l Imported a hu?"
jTi'jrR mnn named RufspII from Oakland
to <3o their twirling. He was heralded <<s
a wonder, but proved an <?apy mark for
the opposing team. Pitcher McCarty of
the Exchanpe. although a trifle wild in
the ?:rs=t part of the sane, manaeeii to
fcetp the hits scatters! and on the who!"
wap very effective. Mcfiilllvary played a
pood game ijl first, while Crawford at
&>eor,ti and Guilfoy at phort captured
cvrythirs: that har>of>ned their way.
I'p lo the Fixth inmv.K the score was
a tie. each side havi:ic four runs to Ms
credit, but after that the Exchange braced
up and never allowed their onponents to
<orne within hailing distance again. The
line-up of the two «>ams was as follows
. Exchange — Catcher, cirenrian and F«n
re!l: pitcher. McCarty: first base, MeGil
livary: pecond base. M. Fennel!; third
riase. Cartrlght shortFtrp, Cray: left field.
Peterson: renter field. Williams; right
field. Kraug. Association— Catcher. Law
pon: pitcher. Russell; lirst base, Sutton;
recond base. Crawford: third base. Mcln
erny; Fhortstop, Guilfov; left field. Sym
ington; center field, O'Day: right fleM,
Loughcry.
The Builders' Association of baseball
r-sycrs was defeated by the Builders* Ex
change yesterday afternoon in an. exciting
rarr.e at the Slxtcenih end Folsom Btrcet
rrbunds. Both the Association and the Ex.
charge had brought with them a larss
force of -rooters to cheer them on in. their
fc The gnrr,», notwithstanding; the fact that
f me of the players bad not been on Inti
mate terms with a baseball for years, was
rrplet« with many brilliant playp. Peter-
Fon. th«vWt. fi>lder for the Exchanse. wa3
the bright particular star of the day
After a ion* Kpurt from deep left he pulled '
«*.n*i"n a tall fly with eaFe n,nd grace, to
the dollglit of the multitude.
Ends Exciting Game; With
Glorious Victory.'
Exchange Nine Takes the Field and
DEFEATS BTJELDEHS'
ASSOCIATION TEAM
Basketball at San Rafael.
RAN RAFAEL. Fob. 21.-One of the best
basketball james of the season was
jijHtyc-d to-day between the San Rafael
School and the Mission team of San
iTinclsco. It took place on the San Ra
fael grounds and was witnessed by a large
audience. The final score was 10 to 3, In
fa.vor of San Rafael. Dancing In the arm
or)' 'olio wed the gam*
SEA LION TAKES THE GEORGE WASHINGTON HANDICAP
IN A FIERCE DRIVE FROM SCOTCH PLAID AT OAKLAND
Sam Hildreth's Telamon Wins the Washington's Birthday Handicap at Tanforan.
Dolore at 100 to I Lands First Under the Wire in Opening Race of the Day.
By Louis Honig.
A RACING holiday crowd kept the
turnstiles a moving at Tanforan
yesterday as it purged through
the gates into the stands, bet
, ting ring and paddock. Some 5000
people saw the six races, the Washing
ton's birthday offering at the San Mateo
track, and then Crushed and jostled into
train after train that came cityward.
All the color of a big 1 racing day flaunted
from the roofs, the clubhouse and the
grand stand that was packed with wo
men. The one event on the card which
went with the ¦ day. the Washington's
Birthday Handicap, was easily the rac
ing 1 feature on the programme and was
awaited with a keen'anxlety by those who
did not hold tickets either convertible into
money or waste paper, according to the
rulings of the. captious racing god. Much
of Burllng-ame rolled into Tanforan and
crowned the clubhouse roof throughout
the clay.
There were two genuine surprises in the
racing, the first when Dolore, considered
a doe In the manger, beat the field in
the initial event and brought $100 for
every dollar, wagered on her. That was
a startling surprise to many, but the.
books liked it. , Even Jeff Wells, who
owns Dolore. refused to bet on his horse.'
The second unexpected huof performance:
came in the'big race'v.-hen Telamon. cut
through the cuppy mud and beat a field'
of the very best in easy fashion. {
This Telamon. with Henry in the saddle, 1
picked up the. Washington's Birthdayi
Handicap — which means Just $2233- net
value — for Sam Hildreth, who seems not
to be ab!.e to get away from big purses.
The race was won with much to spare,
Articulate alone giving Telamon any fear
of not reaching the first place under the.
wire. Articulate cut out -the pace and ran
a good strong race until the paddock was
reached. At this point Telamon, Articu
late ar.d Canmore were well up together,
but Articulate could not hold on and Tela
mon finished two full lengths in> front.
Canmore and Articulate fought it put for
tru» place, the latter winning. Thorpe on
Brutal. Charlie's first ri<3e this year, came
in on the wake of the money getters. Tod,
Sloan tried the overland - route, but his
train had too much territory to cover and
all Tod could do on Joe-Frey. the favorite,;
was a bad fifth. Telamon sold at 10 to L ,
A buzz went ur> from the grand stand
and the asphalt when Dolore, the- 100 to lj
shot, won the first race over six furlongs.
Goalrunner.-a prohibitive favorite, with'
Turner up; showed nowhere in the money.,
Doloro took 'the lead in the stretch ; and;
kept It unhraded. • Bennett, who" had tlie'
mount, took things. easy and the" daylight
showed in a wide gap, between- Dolore and
The Singer,. who got the place;- Salvador
came in for-the-show. » ¦ - .¦..'«/. .»•¦ « ;
Sol Liehensteln won the three. -and- a;
half furlongs .in tjulet ladylike:" fashion. '
Roiy Ough". second choice," got the place;
and Legal Maxim, next choice; the show.
The third race over' the- mile 'course
brcupht out the good- jockeys -and- sorns
good horse talent. Prestdme,; v with. Sloan
up, was cuoted the favorite/ but failed
to land 'anything' cutside of , show, money.
To Henry on. Barrack belonged -thV credit
of the race. .Barrack drum majored -the
field on the back stretch and.-headed'the'
bunch all the. way .hpme. . McNamara and
Prei;tom.ofduuht it; out "for the place and
O'Connor's rough,.tactjcs kept-Sloan,. frdm '
figuring any"thlng"better than third.
The fifth race went to Nansen, with
O'Connor up. O'Connor got away at the
start nnd drew out Edinborough on the
bock stretch. Qn the turn Edinborough
led for a time, but Nansen passed in eas
ily. Henry on Edinborough and O'Con
nor played the in and out game. Hohen
lohe got the show.- .
Seide won the last race. bIx furlongs,
for a $350 purse. Ar.drattus was second
choice, but- Ravelling got the place. ;
GOLF CONTESTS ON
DEL MONTE LINKS
DEI. MONTE, Feb. 22.— The ladles* and
gentlemen's amateur handicap golf tour
nament and the professionals' contest
opened here to-day. The professional
tournament began at 10 o'clock, at thirty
six, holes, medal play, eighteen holes be
ing played to-day. The score was: Willie
Smith 74, David Bell 76, F. R. Rllley
(Burllnpame) 76, Robert Johnson (San
Francisco) 78, Harry Rawlins (Oakland)
$2. James Melville tpel Monte) 83, Horace
Rawlins (Oakland) S6.
The men's amateur ¦ tournament, at
thlrty-slx holes, medal play, opened at
1:30 p. m., eighteen holes being played to
day. The ladles' handicap contest was at
eighteen holes, medal play, and was be
gun while the professionals were in
course. The following are the results:
GOLF, CROSS COUNTRY RUNNING AND COURSING * SPORTS
THE SAX FKAKCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 19O I.
INCIDENTS OF CROSS CbUNTRY RUN AND MAP OF COURSE.
11
AT TANFORAN TRACK
?3 w 25
NAMES. c 3 m
\ 3 j S
. • v : 2
F. 8. Stratton ¦ 1 104 103
A. C. nallll* 14 119 98
H. B. Oaldwell 6 3» gji
George D. Greenwood 8 106 98
E. T. Perkins Jr 11 103 92
H. Tevis 14 114 100
W. 'Ames 8 117 109
C. Ilubbard 1 91 90
A. S. Dawler II 125 111
H. D. Plllsbury 3 100 95
Chrster Thosne 3 100 97
P. K. Bowles 11 108 «i7
O. 'W, jrels'enr Jr 14 119 103
N\ E. Ayer 5 08 93
M. Wllkes 14 127 113
C. n. Knapp 2 3D 97
W...H. Lebnytcaux 8 108 100
H. C. Bremen 11 104 93
W.V P. Johnson 0 8!> 89
H. 'M. A. Miller 11 105 94
L. Chenery :.;...: 8 US 10s
H. Morton 14 105 -93
A. Carrltran H 123 m
1^. KgIIoks t no 105
•; ; >v--' ¦ ¦ - a sp 2
. ¦•¦ - ¦ ¦-¦ • g ¦§ ~
¦-. • NAMES. £; o OT
'•' - '• '• ' I ., ,
Mrs. C. Thfrne. ..I... ............. 14 141 127
M153 Dunham .." 1? 141 123
Mrs. Bowles 14 152 138
Mrs. X. E. Ayer 11 151 13J
•* uj u S 4.
Sg g)g 3 § S-
COMPETITORS. ' § " ~ | ?j f i
5. L. Abbot Jr r «: 51 9S 2 9S
r II Mee 52 63 lOo 7 93
i. C. Golchcr...... •••.. 65 4S 103 4 93
?3 w 25
NAMES. c 3 m
\ 3 j S
. • v : 2
F. 8. Stratton ¦ 1 104 103
A. C. nallll* 14 119 98
H. B. Oaldwell 6 3» gji
George D. Greenwood 8 106 98
E. T. Perkins Jr 11 103 92
H. Tevis 14 114 100
W. 'Ames 8 117 109
C. Ilubbard 1 91 90
A. S. Dawler II 125 111
H. D. Plllsbury 3 100 95
Chrster Thosne 3 100 97
P. K. Bowles 11 108 «i7
O. 'W, jrels'enr Jr 14 119 103
N\ E. Ayer 5 08 93
M. Wllkes 14 127 113
C. n. Knapp 2 3D 97
W...H. Lebnytcaux 8 108 100
H. C. Bremen 11 104 93
W.V P. Johnson 0 8!> 89
H. 'M. A. Miller 11 105 94
L. Chenery :.;...: 8 US 10s
H. Morton 14 105 -93
A. Carrltran H 123 m
1^. KgIIoks t no 105
•; ; >v--' ¦ ¦ - a sp 2
. ¦•¦ - ¦ ¦-¦ • g ¦§ ~
¦-. • NAMES. £; o OT
'•' - '• '• ' I ., ,
Mrs. C. Thfrne. ..I... ............. 14 141 127
M153 Dunham .." 1? 141 123
Mrs. Bowles 14 152 138
Mrs. X. E. Ayer 11 151 13J
•* uj u S 4.
Sg g)g 3 § S-
COMPETITORS. ' § " ~ | ?j f i
5. L. Abbot Jr r «: 51 9S 2 9S
r II Mee 52 63 lOo 7 93
i. C. Golchcr...... •••.. 65 4S 103 4 93
I ASK for the FULL NAME- i
im 1 -^—-. -j ¦• ' ' • ' ' ji_ -ii' _^ . •' ii - ¦ \\a\
JflJ To Obtain the best and safest Natural Laxatliv Water Known to the medical pro- IM
s»V,.- fession, a neTor-fniling remedy for all disorders of tho stomach and llTcr, of lnTal- <iw
irH uaDl ° "errice to people ot sedentary habits and an absolute cure for chronic 11111
I Constipation. I
Ifnl • , For - Dyspepsia, ': Bllionsness, •. and for Hecdache arising from orerloading tbe •torn- Mj
gfe ach, bo remedy in the world has been so thoroughly indorsed by tho medical profes- <*$
[tflj eion generally as thia well-known Aperient Water. - |yij|
W) l X Dpi nM ROTTI P : -'- iI » blue Iw
'£6 • LMDtL UIN DUI I l_ t With RED Centre Panel.
They say Bemhardt is over
fifty and looks but half of
that. Read what a reporter
who "suped"' in the company
has to say in next* Sunday's
Call.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1901.
12
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, lnsrown nails, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. ;
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Acency— No charge un-
less successful. Room SID, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO • LET.
COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms and yard. 134
Rose ave., between Gough and Octavla, 1H
blocks from Market.
DIAMOND. 115— Cottage. 5 rooms; bath; stable.
GUERRERO. 1505— Cottage 5 rooms, bath and
stable. Key at 3323 Mission St., agent.
WOLFE St., 8— Cottage 4 rooms, yard, etc.;
rent $9. Key I94S Mission st. 's
$12— REAR sunny house of 5 rooms, facing
small street 2310 California st.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL' CLINIC. 509 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldpr.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: Rold crowns,
$3 SO up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. \V. THATCHER, M. D.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldcework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
; for 20 years: crowns. $3 50; fillings. 50c: plates.
, 15. full set; all' work painless and warranted.
ChicaKO Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
: and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 10 years'
experience: no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and fruaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market, nr. Eleventh
j —No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from JS per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 963
Mission st. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges: difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction. 50c.
I DR.RL. WALSH. M3*i Oearv, nr. Larkln— Pain -
j less extraction 50c;platee K up;phone Polk 1133.
PARIS Dfntal Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Rush—
Full set cf teeth. ?4; crowns. $3; fllUnns. 25c.
I DR. H. G. TRtTEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
- aminer buildinc: formerly ln Murphy bld^.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 10C1 Market st. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. IL. G.
TOT7VCT. 1311 Polk «t. . ¦-,
DRESSMAKERS A.\D SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST ladles' tailor dresscuttlnir tausrht free
hy Prof. Lowe and wife. Cnll Saturday. 23d.
2 to 9 p. m.. at room 6S, Hotel Argyle, 234
McAllister st.
EbtfCATIOXAlH
EVENING^SCHOOL. "sC^FTnBUSINKSs' COlT
LEGE, 1236 Market st. : individual Instruction
in bookkeeplr.s, shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year cot positions. RAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
XESS COLLEGE. 122S Market St.
ATRES' Business College, 723 Market Bt— Day
and evening; {8 per month; J50 life scho!ar-
Fhlp euarantees a complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses; telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; posi-
tions secured for graduates; catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: rcportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeplng.^full course, $30; catalogue.
i HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post s~,
P. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions: new 80-page catalogue free.
i A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
I school for the university, law and medical
; coi'.»ges; references. President Jordan or any
I Stanford professor. Phelan building.
! CALIFORNIA. BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
i tioni, guaranteed to it. by written contract.
i and can therefore with' confidence guarantee
i positions to all Its graduates. 30f> Larkln st
! MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
i typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45
• Parrott bldg.; Individ., instruction: catalogue.
A SPECIALTY-Perfectlng beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
¦ MINING whool of H. Hirschlng. 334 Kearny St.,
I open, day and eve. classes; chemistry, llxlva-
i tlon ' mineralogy, geology, coal oil formation.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining.mech.. sur-
vey, oftay. cvanMe. nrch.; day. eve.: est. 1S64
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
ITALIAN and French lessons, practical meth-
od. by a lady teacher. Address box 2091. Call.
I'ROF. MERKI. from Paris: violin, mandolin
guitar; experienced. 1008 Mission st.
PIANO lessons given at low rates; harmony
and thorough bass also taught. Box 1588, Call.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
; COACHING In high school mathematics a spe-
J clalty; simple methods; successful. 3040 16th.
ILLUSTRATION — PARTINGTON'S DAY and
j, ILLUSTRATION- night class. 424 Pine st
EMl'LOVJIKAT OKKICES.
A-UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office; best
help furn.: domestic servants: work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
I JAPANESE Employment Of flee- and House-
| cleaning Co.,- with Vest help; send out men at
I short notice. 1123 Sutter st.; tnl. Larkln 2331.
j JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds-
• cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO*
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush«135. • '
JAPANESE central house-cleaning' & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment of flee"
best help. 526 O'Farrell st.. tel. Hyde 2191. \ '.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
nce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 61SS.'
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office: Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. S44 California; phone James 2S01.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
! CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
1 Bert help. 411',4 O'Farrell St.. tel. East 426.
J liMlM.oy.ME.\T WASTEU—KKMALK.'
GEUMAN sir! wishes a. place 'to assist with
i housework and ! cooking In, small family
| good, steady place more than high wages de-
I sired. Inquire at cr address New Golden Gat«
! Hotel. 134 Fourth st. - .- ¦ • .',
COMPETENT young girl wishes a position to
<Jo upstairs work in city . or - across the bay
beat city references. - Call at. 1515 -Pine M.'
I Saturday and ' Sunday.* ,-i "...
j'A GIRL 17 years old:wants a place >for hoime-
i T.'urk. Apply 71S l ,j Bryant; st.;. near .Fifth. :
oMAHJk : ; jl ¦ r <*¦„ Chicago
AB.nOLER^ The Barben* Manual prepare the 635 Clay Street
lii loy _» Apprentice and guides the Graduate I^^_^s>^^
San Francisco. CaL. Peb 21 1901
MANAGER S. F. CALL, City.
DEAR SIR : Please renew the contract for our advertisement
under Male Help Wanted in- The Call . We realize that advertising
is to our business the same as bread and meat is to the human
system. We have been advertising in The Call- now for two years
and find that it brings us as good results as any paper in San
Francisco. We . have received students from outside towns who
said they saw our ad. in The Call while we were at the same time
running an advertisement in their town paper. We find the re-'
suits from your paper come not only from this city, but from
other towns in the State; also from other States.
We have received many answers from the Philippine Islands
referring to the advertisement in The Call. "
We are more than satisfied with the results from our ad. in
the want column of your valuable paper. Yours truly,
Molcr System Bifbcf CqI19KV*
tXS FIIAXCI5CO CALL. j
BTFIXESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
CaH. corner of Market ar.d ThirJ streets: o;-cn
un::i 12 o'cJorU t:\rry night In the year.
ERAXCH OFFICES-3C7 Montgomery street,
cosher Clay: or*n until 3:20 p. m. ]
T./< Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CiT McAllister strttt; open until 2:£0 r- rn-
C:; Lorkin rtreet; open 'uri'.l 9:59 p. m.
lPil SIlsaScB > t; oprn untl! 1) p. m. ¦
rsi MarUct Btreet, comer Sixtcer.tr:: open
until > p. in-
;»r, rievf-nth street: orx-n until 0 p. m.
l'-jc Valcnria street: open until ? p. m.
Nnithwc-Rt coenu Twcr.ty-rcccnd ar.d Ken-
turky'f'.rrrt?: <-i-en until 3 I'- rn.
KGB TIXG XOTICES.^
Master «nd lo confer the Third Degree, hj
c^cr cf J^ury^
OCCII'KNTAL Ix-'ce No S. F nrd A. •
M-TM1S <S=ATLTvr>AY) KlEMNk JL
it T:30 -fr\,,ru. S-rond Dctrre e.
Z^VCAX.TT.r'G. ANDERSON. Secretary^ {
CAL1FOHNIA IxJdcc No 1. I. O. J iiS£j£& > i
'• 1" Members Kill meet in hn". Tji/JSJK^ 3 i
PUXDAY. Feb. M. at 130 p. m.. --^S 1^-" I
in attend fun-ral of our lat» "//»•«* .
brother. J. A. J q PAyi| AHI po?; y g
EXCELMOtt Degree L-xJg* No Z. j^gfflCij.
I o o r — Regular r.^>ftirc i
THIS (*ATCRDAT) EVEXINO. '-^5P^ I
Third decree. 'VttW
A. K. KINGSFOHD. D. M^
MASTHR Mariner*' B. Association— -___~^_
free'.nl meetint will be h»l<J at hall. ' TT
S20 Tc*t et.. SUNDAY. February 2*. ,'^ii»»
at 1 p. m. All members are re- £T-T
Q-je»tea to t.e i>:-e?ent for the rurprse of ot-
ter«1trc th» funeral pf our <3eceased brother,
J. B. CHASE. By order of th» president.
L. TRAVNG. Rec. Sep.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
tns of th» etockholders of the Honolulu
ritntstirn Ccmrinj- will he held at the of-
flre cf the company. S27 Market st.. Fan
Frenclseo. Cal.. en WEDNESDAY. February
?T. l?01. »t the hovir of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the rurpos* of rlectlnir a bnard of directors
to nerve for the ensulnr year and the trans- J
a<"t!cn of neb ether business as m«y come
b'Tcre the meetlr.c. Transfer books will close
cr. Fsturcay. February 1«. 1W. at II
r.rlock m. K. H. SHF.LPON. Secretory.
AGEXTS WASTED.
THK Rl«> Mlchol Rubber Company of Ban
Francisco. C*\.. wants Intelligent men to net
• « Its arer.ts throughout th* T'nltM States;
rtn:rt b* men of character. «J1rcss and rush.
Tr-e cornrany o«-n« larj:e properties. :s out of
<*rbt ar.d ln a thoroughly sound and P.ourish-
irg t'onfiltl^n. It hns a ci->nyi<lerab!e acreage
«!rf*<iy plantM to rublx-r and has a larg« |
force of m#-n «-onstajit!y at work. It offers
for ssle a limited nun-.ber of Interest bearinic j
«rt1 installment r#Ttlfic«t*». A cornonratlveiy i
frr.s'l umd tnrwtH now will rrcxJu^e large
• :i4 fletiiiiy inrreasin? income in near future.
Tfce ror;«oratlon invites closest investlcatlon.
At'Wn and intrrestfd persons apply Kio Ml- !
chpl KcMwr Co.. r. 63-6J. Orocker bldg.. S. F. j
WANTED- Agents in rvcry county in the State
of Cal.. Nevada & Oregon: first -clan good*
ru«rar:te<><!. For rartlculars address G. W.
& CO.. 1PIJ ->J rx.. Sacramento. Cal.
A>iEXTf wanted thr-ughout the State to sell
§ ?hares on corarr.is*i">n. Address, with refer-
er.c#s THE AHGTIK OIL COMPANY. 503
California *t.. room S0>. S. F.
TTANTEr> — Uv* sc'-! for S«n Francisco and
rrwrt t«n». PACIFIC COAST M. & L. CO.. '
4R> Ninth «.. Oakland, Cal.
AGENT?- Authentic "Life of Queen Victoria":
t**« twk and tfrrn*: handsome outfit. 10c.
R. R. Patterson. <r9 Montgomery st..- S. F.
tTASTEP — Good country solicitors. Monterey I
Centra! O'A Co.. rc»orn 4^. Examiner building. I
SOLICITORS wanted: poo,! pay; permanent. !
Apply 1- to I. irom *:>. rarrott building.
ACEKT ir. every town {or ••Life of Queen Vlc-
Trria." Cal. P~jb. Co.. t-TT Market, r. TftS. S. F.
ATTORVKYS AT LAW. >"
AUl 1CK frr»: <!vorrf :*¦*¦ a sp*^'.»lty: prtvate- :
~<- fr* wJth'-at Tu^fM»^s: coil«cU«ris. G. \V. ;
HOWE. «::>¦ at law. R.^ Market, cor. Stockton. ;
J. H. MrKNIGHT. coUecttocs: damaprs: es- J
'.*?**: rr.ir.;r^; ojwn «-ven. a; Parrott bldg. j
TTiAN-K V.-. SMITH, jr.ir.ing and probate law a. )
t=—<n«.;tT. M:ilg b'.r.. r. S. 4th fir.; tel. Ked 3C16. i
ADVICE »r»e: r.o rhjirr*' ur.less successful. W.
~- r*AVir»g. -N. ?r Market st.. crp. Mason.
3— P C-LXHK. Et.su Srr»rke:s bldjr.. 9:7 Mar-
V»t rt ; <^r.gTi:T»t'on fr~»: no fe<-» ln advance.
ASPIIA1.TTM ROOFI.VG.
J PTTTTIER. asphalt roofing, sidewalks rel
r-«i— ••; r^ftal. 11R6 Mission: tel. Fclsom 1S»7.
DCSIXES9 CIIAXCES.
A— NOTION rtore: *star7lshed'~ir7any~Te'Irir:
olearine about fl^O per month: location can't
r— l»m; i»nt f?3: clean stock. Inquire It. G.
__WILKF.. 26' i Kfamy Ft.
A-fltVt: <"AFE ani restaurant; elegantly fitted |
fup «nd dolm« a rushing business: located close
to Powe',1 l n <i Market at*, Call R. O. WILKE, '¦
Z f ,%i Kfarry st. '.
A-rW: HALF-INTEREST in first-class pay- !
Ine r*5!a-jrar.t; <«.a:ly receipts about 160: rent
171; retiring partner to leave for East: a bar-
g»in. Call Ti. C. "VVILKE. S6«« Kearny st.
A— Iir/i; '.'ORVER grocery and bar; choicest part
tWe*tern Add.; riean store, fresh stock: good
payinc buf'.nefi!: rent t22. Inquire R. G.
WILKE. KH Kearny «.
A— f.'Jr. SALOON. 2 doors west of Montgomery
»t.: 3 living mom*: rent US; daily receipts
from |1S to $!«: a good paying and clean
plare. Call R r w . WILKE. Kearny st.
A-J2.VO; SALESROOM of buggies, surreys.
rhate.-.r:!>. «-t-., n»w and s»cond hand: plac* i
rutabllsrwd * yrars: clearing about J4fM> per
month: actual value about S4000; investigate.
R. G. WILKE. :"5'- 7 Kearny st. - •/¦
A— GENERAL merchandise store about 30 miles
from S. F. : e«ah. many years and doing a
firrt-olaK* paying business; price 14000: a very
rare oT.ar.oe and fullest invest^atlon solicited.
R. G. WILKE. 254 Kearny st.
A-$K«: CORNER butcher shop in northern
part of city: rent K0: horse, cart: selling 4
cattle and about 15 sheep per week- a cash
T^Moro. «'«11 R. Cj. WH.KE. KVj Kearny st.
rARTNF.R wantr.l in a large, old-established
rrnfitable imMnw. controlllnu a Rood. safe,
solid and reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former man«ger owner has decided to sell
#n lnrero»t to an acceptable party: dutlen will
r>e the k^epng of accounts and assisting gen-
erally in t*i» manssement of the huMness:
nn» ¦cfjstr,m»<l to horffs prefrrred; ¦ capital
tr^ulrrd fJ,nfJ) to tl0.«W : fu\\ val-je In sight •
l-v>k« and buslr.Mts c.pen for Investigation J*
W. nonnWly & Co.. C32 Market st.
CAPITAL procured for all legitimate rr.ter-
rr.f**; nock oomrar.Ie* Ir.ccrporated In any
Htste; rsrln»-rrhips and loans . negotiated-
t«,stne«» places of all Vlnds tvnirht. sold and
••xchanped bv HKRnnKT *- CO.. room 710
Emir.» FpreckeJs b'jllding. a*7 Market st.
MONLV ra:eA to buyers; fine oper.Inrs ln irro-
r*rl«». «e:cor«. ctsar stores, hotel* and oth-:r
liuetnccsec; Iiivesticate
«. W. f?CHT%-EIXHARD.
Pbore Mint 1*11. S17 Market. l>et. Eth A Cth.
\V4 TOWN bora ore of the best ntted, cen-
trally lcrnfrt re«aj:.-jrts !n the city DON-
ALD INVI.STMENT CO.. S00 Market Bt.:
tel. Davis ;M.
: -
i on Itent-TTrifiirnlyhol; Srst class: Union
lintel !n Sonoma City: r*novat»d from r»l-
Inr to carre*. rartlculaiis inquire ALBERT
V.'IFFCL. in f"al|rr,ml« Ft.. S. p.; or UU
Ninth at., corner ChesUr. Oakland.
r>R1-O J«n— . * rrllesTr^m fin Francisco;
rle*r« $yn per month: J65ffl: Rood neck For
i-artl'-ulsr* B'lCrtze MR. IICLLEN. care Rcd-
!ngt<in t. Co.
Ton fa!f-Sn-.a:i ph<-to gallery across the bar;
cod i-lsr» f.,r ladv; r :ano taken part poy-
__TM>nt. Box 1SC2. Call office.
SM--C0RXEn clsar stanT~n"elir Market ft";
_ B> * lcn> ** f *~T'»'« 'ale. Ccx :S71. Call office.
oriOTJ-PATINO r*5l2^rnt; otvrleT leaving
-r.y. Add. 4C?7 Unvc st.. nr. 46th. Osklan.l.
to L*£1ju*e ctore; pltnty of basement roonr
v<vA chance f<.r bakery end restaurant-
owner «i:iir;2 to h.el,i build an oven. Apuly
STJ E'lls tt. •".-.-
.VANT::i>-Partles lo ;oln a co. now taklnc
fiovrrnmrnt rlaltns for home«trad fc oil- soil
ihe bert; plertv of water for Irrigation. Roch-
dsle Land & Oil Co.. r« Mont?omer>- st.. r. 25.
-'¦'0-PARTNnRSHIP: rity bunlneFx: can make
»;•¦»_• month. Cal. Uos. Assn.. S6T.% Marki't.'
WELL-r.PTAmj?TIEI) carpenter shop for
'.»ie.- Apply :jc Goush Bt.
FOn »ale— A Tish and dcilcacy store. AOdiess
_J\ M. T\'.. 2<6 "."rginla Ft.. Vallejo.
tZ<) V>'INS srs/) p»r month at r«resT references
given: In:<.rn:at!on Lyons, '.'21 Mathtt, r. 4.
LA RGn tn*i.!» r«^ut» on thin paper for sale"
A 1 1-ly UiKir.r*s office.
WANTED- To bnjr or leas«. a suitable place
for inurdry. Hrr MSi, Cell office.
HOTTTF; for sale: 430 papers on the Chronicle.
Inquire at ttS Trnlon st-
KEfrTAURANT for sale: price low. Steuart
ft.. € doors south of Murkct.
CANDY and FtaMoncry ttore. stock and fix-
tures for *a'.c cheap: rm Jtwnt*. T07 PoIV «t.
FA LOON fixt^r^*!. !>ar. ¦ cath reglMer. safe,
«tc. for talc chca;>; rctlrlnj. iZ2 Uupont et.
MEDICAL.
U P; a n< * MRS. DA VIES. 122S MaTket. the we"*?
wr<w,i Ia<II< ; s ' s P«*ia"sts:.32 years' pnctifiW
a? tIy re!la ble: a positive cure guaranty"
dav- .t? : »»""*» treated can return aam-
,r*j /hose wishing to treat themselves shouM
MFvt tne HINDOO HERD HOME TREAT,
lesi. i '• a s "re cure; gives Instant relief; harm-
. _^_«nyjjne can use It: stamp for circular.
D **ea£? ODWIN^~< he weil-kn^lTexpTrr^r;
rope- a t w °men. has returned from Eu-
relief f .* re)Kr nent guaranteed to glv» instant
>eari inuJ allrrient : **<* an<i reliable; 1*
S f l\rt ; lr ° s Pital. London; practiced In
1C07U Mali/. 4: maternity home; fee low.
¦ """*"•. near Sixth.
C £,p°-5 W : ?*£*X»Cu move,! to io IS Mark-f.
Mte. rrlfabv- i r~ r ° rowrW la<!i(>< "Plaits:;
years; treat'ed t"il-'T} ln , San ?"rancisco for
treatment ran 1".? " f cases succ-ss'ully:
free. Aft— in .i! 11 at h^me: consultation
. xrt -^«j»J_thersjall call on him.
MRS. DR. KniiTl^r- •
Safe and reliable 2Sto?% st V cor i Slxth ~
successful practice Physician: 25 years
when others fall" ..•nr^'iv' f^5 urc K uar: » n teeU:
MRS. DR. W » CTH. J W_m- J^J'r, = :
successful practice- V.'. ,r n » P T' a!l!<t: K vrsp -
office; any ailment': h'm, \V? tT ** tm *** at
suit free. 912 Post it h.? ''J'" cittern*: con-
— '-»w^»tt Hyde an,1 Larkin.
j_L_______^^r^;^^
MWSMTA* PSMl*!^" *
MINES bought and sold^ liL. _-~ — ~ ¦
and oil companies. p, 0 * l! > «*»"
475-478. 4th floor. Parrott hm," ipli;° n i., rm!l '
MISCELLANEOUS— KORfx^r" 1
BOILERS, engines. :d-hand~machi"V«£ — ST"
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. l^gjg^^'
BARS back bars. m!rror». showcases. counl^T
linoleum new and second hand: w» a !w7vi
have a arge stock of saloon outnts on S g
32 complete outfits on on* fl O n P r-adv rviiA
we can ship everything in 24 bun ?
F '^r^l%ri^rrTcZ^ anTprfee 1
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. *?? CaflfoAu
St.; rentals, new machines. » per rnbnth.
A^?H, Y 1Uii!". a Or . r * nts , s " ar machinery, en-
flr-W^'lTl-LAJgzgg^^'" 8 >""«>•¦>
SO 2ND-HAND enameled bath Mbs- 20 H P*
Wcstlnghousa motor; cheap, rj Mission it.
50.000 BRICK for >al» at Third and Steven^
son sts.
FOR sale— An upright piano lr\ r-v>4 order*
price $100. 214 Franklin st. *
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-har.d. all rr.ak~, «t low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 1:6 Montry.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2-i-hand*
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxorne.*
FIRST-'CLASS second-hand modem eng!n«s ami
bollera bought and sold. KROGH MFQ. CO.
2D-HAND steam, g-as. oil. water a»4 air ma.
chlnery bought and sold. White. US Mission.
THOTOGRAPHIC ar.d matfe lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HEal
MAN.. BAFE CO.. *n-4Zi Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, n-w and 2d-hand movia*
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. TH3
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market St.. San Fran.
JU1SCKLLA3EOUS WASTS.
LADIES' and gents' cast-ofl clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1131.
WANTED — 15 or 20 horse-power gasollna
launch; state price. Address box 1K5, Call.
WANTED— A small safe and cash register.
Box 1859, Call office.
MONK* TO JLUA*.
A— MONEY to loan at rates wnlch people cart
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will Inae
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 905 Market st.
AJ»Y proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates ln probate, irt-'r- ¦:
in estates, legacies: corporation loan*, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chrontcla building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAX, 21 Montgomery, r. I.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates, Baldwin Jewelry Stor«. Si-; Market
St.; tel. Main, 15M. Branch 13 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bid;.. 301 Jor.e*.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 SixtH;
highest prica for old gold, silver, dlamond3.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age ; reliable rarty. 1170 Market St.. room it
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, "rm. H Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
$100, 000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 2_ Sanaorne, r. 2.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country; «%. undl-
vlded Ints. ; estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. TH3
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
MONET to loan on furniture by privata party g
low rato. 817 Market St.. room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried peopl* on not* without
Indorser. MORRELL. 600 Exam taer bnlldlrg|
TO salaried people without collateral or la?
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan \>\g.
MUSICAL 1XSTRU3IE3TT3.
THE Mauvals Music Co., agents for th« cali-
brated Decker &. 9on planoa, fcavo Juat re-
ceived another carload of these beautiful In-
struments. The greatest variety In styles ot
cases and woods can b« seen, and persons d»-
siring to select ono of thes« most perfect
pianos should call early. Wareroom. 763
Market at.
WE have ln stock a complete assortment oS
Smith & Barnes, Baumeister. Wlilani an4
Arlington pianos for thos» who dssire a tood
reliable Instrument, but do not care to pay
the price of a Decker. To all wchw« giv»
the privilege of exchanging for a. Exciter at
any time by paying the ««»"*"•, £"*?"
loss. We sell on {W™K t *, ll ? f t ?.J?_T_GJ er ?y
If It Is desired. MAlTVAIs MLSIC CO.. 7t>3
Market st. ¦
A BIO BARGAIN' LIST.
$475 Conover for ~*"*Ei2
$450 Standard for...- ~ *»
$400 Curta* for »_£
$325 Curtas for • -5*
J3S0 Sterling for »35
cttut Wellington for.. .......--...«-«--« — --•*.«- z«
J1S0; Wesley A Co.. $175: Sher-
wood* Sons $1«; Gabler. $150; Halnes Eros..
$140- Hallet & Davis, $135; Chickertng square.
i-x ' som-s ar* new. some second hand, all In
the finest condition. Easy payments or for
cash BENJ. CCKTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell
st Chickertng agency. Also the "Apollo."
self-player, latest and best.
vNY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Ca.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stetnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Steinway any tlmai
within three years from date of purchas-*..!
Beautiful new uprights sold for $S cash anoT
$6 per month- We offer to sell iodd rood
pianos ror $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and gutter sts., San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land.
AT wholesale until March 1st. 70 new pianos.
$138 up. Greatest offer ever made in prices
and terms $3 per month and up.
« Steinways I1M
1 Novella WJ
? Hallet & Davis HM
8 Heine KS3
7 Chlckerings, €0 ethers 1240
We handle all makes: agents for some of
the oldest and most famous pianos In ex-
istence. Hallet Davis. Behr Era. Jewett.
etc.: agents wanted. HEINE TIANO COM-
PANT. 217 Geary st.
ABSOLUTEILY the oldest snd la~est houso
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHA3E's?. 2T,.
2S and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th<»
customer. _^ —
A BONA-FIDE cleaning-out removal tale of
second-hand pianos at low auction prices. $M
up Uhls week only). WILSON'S Storage. 1710
Market st.
WHY second-hand piano? $150 will buy new
¦ one. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood building.
FINE standard upnzM piano: must be sacri-
ficed In 5 days; leaving city. 32 1 Golden Gate.
WANTED— Second-hand .piano cheap for cash;
no dealers. Box 1*60. Call ofnep.
WANTED— Five rood square piano* for coun-
try schools. BYRON' MAUZY. SC3 Post St.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Ccn-
ovtr and others. Wiley B. Allen Co., 311 Po £ «,
BAROAIN— Must be sold; nice uprleht plan?^
SCHMITZ. IS McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upricht cheap: brilliant!
powerful tone. IIORNUNG. ZIS McAllister.
HELP WAJJTED— SULE.
A-MURRAY '•'& READY... '/.! Phone Main 5S43
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANTED 7 A. M. TO-DAY
MINERS • MACHINISTS
3 Single hand miners, gold mine $73
Machinist, sawmill company.... $45 and found
Man for apiary, Nevada $23 and found
4 Teamsters,, city $1 <o a day
3 Gardeners, vegetables and flowers. $23 & $30
Dairymen, butter makers and milkers $3i)
Onoremen and boys... $15 to $25
Woodchoppers and tie makers to go to-day.
...^V....""---- t0018 and Provisions furnished
rook 1 and dishwasher, country hotel
.._..:.......; * 45 and * 17 50
o'V-irgt and second cooks
$50. $«: $12 and $10 week
4" Waiters city and country $30 ana $25
Dishwasher for a club, country $20
MURRAY & READY 634-635 Clay «t.
WWTED— One good barber for Saturday;
wages $3. 797 Mission St.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 503
Weshington St.. near Sansome.
BARBER wanted for Saturday night and Sun-
day. 1357 Dupont st. . '
GOOD barber. Saturday and, Sunday. 1406*v3
Dup-jnt st. -
Carnenters blacksmiths & green hands whal-
lng cruise on steamer. Herman's. 26 Steuart.
WANTED— An experienced milk wagon driver.
140*S'i, Devlsadero Et.
COOK" good on entrees; no Sunday work; call
early. 33 Market st.
MAN to solicit for law firm; state experience
if any: reference. Box 18S6. Call.
PRESSERS and cleaners. Golden West Cloth-
Ing Renovatory. 12 Montgomery St.
WANTED— Second cook, good on short orders.
S10 Kearny gt. . ¦
PLATEN pressman who can cut stock; »tate
wages, etc. Box 1SS3. Call office.
WANTED— A good dishwasher. Call at 126
Ninth st. ______________
WANTED—A porter. Apply » Powell St.,
city. I ;
GOOD young dishwasher at 1201 Fillmore- it..
corner Turk; call early.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marin* Corps. U.
S. Navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 ana fc; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet
1 Inch ln height: able to read, write and
speak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco. Cal. __
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced buyer
and salesman in furniture and carpets: state
references, where last employed, salary ex-
pected and age: applications will not be con-
sidered which do not contain this information
complete. Address R. F. B.. box 1637. Call.
MEN— Our catalogue- explains how we teach
the barber trade ln two months, saving- two
years; mailed free; we have no Sc shop ln
connection with our college. Moler'i Barber
College. 633 Clay st.
PHOTOGRAPHER, good view artist, wanted;
one experienced under skylight preferred.
Address Modern View and Portrait Co..
Oakland.
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard nt.
Remember, no barroom chairs used ln thla
college.
WANTED— Young man for clerical work; state
age experience and salary expected. Apply
box 1 377. Call. •
WANTED— Men to drive teams; steady work.
Apply early to GRAY BROS.* stables. Seven-
teenth st. near Guerrero.
TAILORS— Ladles' tailor wanted for country:
must be flrst class and rapid. Apply at
STEIN. SIMON & CO.'S. Market and Second.
TEAMSTERS wanted. Apply 527 Fourteenth
street. ;¦-'>¦¦'»
BOY 13 or 16 years old to work ln fruit store:
good wages. Apply Stanyan and Haight etc
WANTED— Good teamsters. Apply to 2530
Seventeenth St., corner Vermont.
MESSENGER boy; apply in own handwriting:
state age and give references. P. O. box 2043.
WOMAN wants man as working partner, game
business. 20 Hannah st. Watts tract, Oakl'd.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House, 330 Howard st.
TWO-CHAIR barbershop for sale cheap. Call
Immediately, 334 Sixth st. ,,
TO TEAMSTERS, steady work. $1 73 and $2 per
day. Apply 212 Ninth st.
BRIGHT men of good address: money ad-
vanced to. right party. Call between. 3 and
'9 a. in. at 302 Post st. \
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d its.
WANTED — A gentlemen to interview selected
individuals with a view to securing their In-
terest, ln Japanese art; artists with leisure
preferred. 6 Market st; room 5. '-¦:¦''
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2* Steuart.
PENSIONS— J. H. Ehepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. SOS Market, room 40. Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Ifar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggae to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C3i
Valencia st.
HORSES A>"D W'AGOXS.
HANDSOME matched team of carriage horses;
7 and 9 years old; sound and In excellent
condition; well broken to single and double
harness. DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 30 Mont-
gomery st. . .
40 HOR3ES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR Sale— At ECLIPSE STABLE. 1373 Eddy
St., 3 road Korses, 1 road team, 1 bay car-
riage horse, 17 hands; also wagon and busi-
ness horses.
S. K. VETERINARY College -will commence its
3d session June 10. . Catalogue by applying to
M. I,. Pancoast, sea, 510 Golden Gate ave.
A NEW pneumatlc-tlred road buggy. DR. L.
KRAKER, veterinary dentist. 164 Golden
Gate ave., cor. Leaven worth st.
MUST sell— Pair black horses: will seperate;
single or double. 24 Golden Gate ave.
THREE fast 'road horses: also some good
business horses, at 721 Howard st.
"A — 100 S12TS second-hand harness: wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
. HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1932, near Laguna — Eight rooms,
bath, laundry: marine view: rent $45.
\[ HODSB CLEASI.\O.
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co.. estab. 1S90.
removed to 419 Devisadero St.. tel. Fell 13S.
INVALID furniture and appliances; sale or rent:
F. GOODBAN. 1117 Vati Nesa ave.. nr. Post st.
LOST AND FODXO.
LOST— At or going to 'or from Stanford Parlor
ball, Feb. 21, a gold pin, wreath shape, set
¦with pink and white pearls: valued by owner
as elfl. Finder return to E6 Clay st.. or SI
Cumberland st, and. receive reward.
LOST— Bet. cor. Haight and Scott and 1144
Howard, square gold watch charm, diamond
center; : engraved. Mamie to Nelson. Xmas.
•92; reward. • N. D. HADLEY. 1144 Howard st.
LOST— Wednesday afternoon, lady's fur collar,
sable; suitable reward. WM. R. SHAFTER.
Phelan building. ¦ .
LOST— Fox terrier dog named Bob: white with
brown patch over right eye and stub tall. Re-
turn |o 5201 Shattuck ave. and receive reward.
LOST— Wednesday evening, gold tablet attach-
ment to chatelaine: Initials M. F. on outside.
Liberal reward If returned to MRS. ED FAY.
2030 Scott St.. S. F.y 2
LOST— On 5:45 narrow-gauge -boat from San
Francisco black and white cocker spaniel. II
B. BLANDING, 1517 Everett st, Alameda.
Tel. Paru 1772.
LOST — An Irish setter dog. Finder will return
to 144 First st. and receive reward.
LOST— About January 23. lady's diamond' froe
pin: green eye*. Suitable reward upon re-
turn to C. E. GRAHAM. 4 Montgomery st. .
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Xolte
Jeweler, 243 O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason!
OLD gDld. silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st.
31ATTRESSES AND UPHOI.STKKV.
MATTRESSES and uphols^e7yTt^Tsouth~^?^
to on'er or renovated, feather and hair
.steamed: expert carpet cleaning; strictly re-
¦ liable. HOPKE BROS.. 318-BQ. Eleventh Vt.
MATRIMONIAL. ~~
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies
. send 10c for list: oldest reliable agency: con-
fldentlal. MRS. HERTZ. 70g Ellis st.
MARRIAGE bureau: reliable and confidential.
• MR. BLAKE. 223 Kearny «t._ rooms 1 and 5.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 104 GEARY ST.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses. Santa Monica $20, free fare
3 waitresses, Fresno $20, fare advanced
4 waitresses, Coronado Beach, $20 one-half fare
2 waitresses, Sacramento S25
Waitress, country school; also Institution.. $20
CITY ORDERS,
6 waitresses, hotels, $20; 6 waitresses, restau-
rants, $7. , —
4 chambermaids, straight work, $17 50.
3 head waitresses, $25.
Scrubber, day. work, $1 a day.
Woman to assist In delicatessen store, $20.
. Mother and daughter, cook and helper, $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
•¦Cooks, houseglrls, second girls, nursegirls,
etc.; city and country; wages $15 to $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A SPECIAL.
Six waitresses; new hotel: short distance.
Start Monday; fare advanced ($20).
Steady summer and winter: only 8 chairs.
Fine chance. Call at
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary st.
A— PASTRY cook for hotel;, see party here
between 10 and 11 to-day; $35.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary gt.
A SPECIAL.
3 chambermaids, first-class country hotel, $20
and free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1573
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses, same first-class hotel. $20; 10
: waitresses, country hotels. $20 and $25: 3 res-
taurant waitresses, $8 and $7; chambermaid.
$7 week, sleep home; 2 chambermaids, $17-50
and $1S; woman cook. $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, second girls and housegirls for city
and country. $20 to $25.
•* . MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary Bt.
A— YOUNG business woman wanted to attend
office and lodging-house department; must
know typewriting. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^
Kearny st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general cleaning
In restaurant; steady; references; 10 a, m.
25 Taylor st.
GIRL for general housework, $15. 521 Capo st.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework and care
of baby. 771 Eddy at. , i
YOUNG girl to do housework and cook, small
family. 1213 Hampshire St.
WANTED — Active woman to gum labels. Ap-
ply 354 Hayes st.
WANTED— Boarders at cost of living: at the
Co-operative Home. No. 2, at 643 Folsom st. ;
! - terms $2 50 per week, room and board; only
self-respecting, self-supporting, small-salaried
girls need apply. Address MISS FLORA
BOLLINGER, manager, 645 Folsom it, tele-
phone Black 1736.
YOUNG woman or girl to assist elderly lady:
light housework: family 2 male adults; easy
place for right person; good home; $12. Box
1S72. Call office.
WANTED— Saleslady who understands stamp-
ing and embroidering; state salary expected. 1
Apply box 1S7S. this office.
WANTED— Experienced girl for general house-
work; wages $25; must have references. 13
Scott «t j
A — LADY to manage rooming-house on Turk '
st. DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
ln factory. 723 Market st, room 33.
A NEAT girl for upstairs work; wages $15;
references. 11S0 O'Farrell st.
GOOD f ook and manager for- private family;
wages $30. CATTELLS, 523 8th st, Oakland.
WANTED— Trimmers, makers and salesladies
for millinery; state experience and salary ex-
petted. Apply box 1S43, Call office.
APPRENTICES ln millinery store at 632 McAl-
lister st.
WANTED— Button sewers at Levl Strauss &
Co.'s, Z6M Fremont st.
WANTED— Good experienced vestmaker and
apprentice; good pay. 628 Stevenson, rm. 8.
MILLINERY trimmer wanted at 1323 Stockton
street.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH ofHce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
H13LP WANT_D — MALE.
AT~cT n.^ H A^siEN~X~COJsT?rr!l04 T Geary"st
...New railroad work for Nevada and Cal...
I 100 teamsters, Nevada free fars
Tunnelmen, Los Angeles Co free fare
Miscellaneous
2' millwrights, country, $4 a day, see party
here; man and wife, private place, country,
$45, see party here; coachman, private place
near city. 130; 2 , vegetable gardeners, $30 and
$26:- 3 teamsters, city, $2S and board; 2 Swiss
milkers, $30; hostler, country, $30; 4 team-
sters, $1 75 to $2 a day; 10 laborers, city, $1 73
day .....'.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waffleman. country hotel. $40. free fare: head
bellman, $33; waiter, family hotel. $35; 4 wait-
ers, country hotels near city, $25; cook and
wife, private family, $40; broiler, $60; night
watchman and elevator man, $20; cake baker,
$50; cook. and dishwasher, country hotel, $60;
lroner and starcher. country laundry, $12 a
week. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
ARTHUR SIMPSON, waffleman. please call at
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. 104 Geary st.
A-WANTED.
American orchard ' hand, steady place, ¦ $25
and found; milker, 20 cows, near city, see
boss here, $25; second baker, country shop.
$35 and found: driver for milk route. $23 and
found: carpenter for mine, $60 and board. -W.
D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St. :
Boy for our'office; $3 a week. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 Clay st. - s ¦ .- -
TIEMAKERS. steady Job; quarrymen. $1 75 to
$2 per day; teamsters, $1 75 to $2 per day.
Cal. Emp. Agency, 59 Third st. ; phone Red 31.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union—
¦ Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk: tel.' Folsom 1533. * I. LESS, Secretary.
WANTED— Barkeeper, flrst-class, for a whole-
sale and retail wine and liquor business; one
. preferred who. has been in the same line be-
fore;, must be reliable and sober and good
salesman; German speaking;- state reference.
Apply J. G.. box 1SS7. Call office.
WANTED — Reliable and sober » German as
, driver on . bakery wagon : good salary ; only
one- with experience need apply.'- * 111- Lar-
kln st. . < :
DRUG clerk assistant wanted for interior city;
¦salary WO and room: references required: age
' not over 24; state where Interview can be had
; Monday. Address Drug Clerk box 1S90, Call.
WANTED — Competent j grocery -clerk, country
etore, , hour ¦ from city; wages. $40; no liquor.
Address B.. i box • 18S3, Call . office. • :.',"'
WANTED— A strictly flrst-class carriage black-
. smith. Apply. to A.\ MEISTER & SONS CO.,
V Sacramento. Cal.;,: . . "•
WA NTED— Boy • to- black , boots . In barber shop.
r;- Call 8 a.', m. . to-day; corner. Jones and Sutter.
GET- your shoes ' half-soled while "waiting; 2ic
: to COc. ',-£62 Mission Et.bet. 1st and 2d sts. . ¦¦
IICSINSSS cnAXCES— - COXT1M.'ED. ,
$:75^B RANCH bakery and variety rtore; thre* I
rooms. McLAUGHLIN. 777^ Market st.
I S2C0— CIGAH utore; transfer corner: good trade:
I rent $10. McLAUGHLIN. ;77V» Market st.- j
I MOO^REHTAURANT: city front; will sacrifice, j
having : places. McLAUGHLIN, 777^ Mkt. \
A— $173; RESTAURANT: goM place for man
Bud wife; a snap. McLAUGHLIN. 777',i Mkt. |
fl.W— SALOON near Market; 2 rooms: bargain '<
thl* uay. MCLAUGHLIN &. CO.. 777H Market, i
ACTIVK man to Invest from $1000 to SoOOO In |
established legitimate tuslness: experler.ee |
unnecessary: Kuaranteed salary of J150 *o JIOO
monthly; best city references and bankable |
security plvrn. Opportunity, box 1776, CalJ. |
I OUTPIDE route on this paper for sale. Appty
Call Duslr.ess office.
LARGE outslde'route (No. 10) for sale. Apply
at Call business office. \
A CUSTOMER of ours lias cash and unencum-
bered real estate to exchange for cood pay-
j ing bueinera or stock of merchandise. HER-
i BERT * CO., rm. 710. Kmma Spreckeis bldg.
! FOR sale- -A steam laundry in the Sacramento
i Valley dofas a business from SK-0 to $150 per
] week; r.o other laundry within to miles. Box
K45. Call office.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
including Mwmil!, timber lands, yards, lum-
' ler stock. donk«y engine, horse teams, etc.
I H. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City, Cal.
WILL rent 14 rooms and sell the furniture for
1225: $25 per month rent. 417 Harrison st.
$4f)0--CORNER grocery and bar; good business;
large stock: fine fixture*; cause sickness. Ad-
<3re*8 box 72I>. Call office. i
TO LEASE from the 1st of March, unfurnished
hotel, broad-gauge station. San Rafael. Ap-
ply owner. 11 Lyon st. San Francisco. • <•'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C9S Va-
ler.cla St.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
"5-ROOM house: cheap rent $1000
7-room flat; best part of city *375
22 rooms: very pood: clears $100 $350
17 rooms; near Call office $6ft)
14 room*: sure to clear $100 $1000
24 rooms: on Market st $S50
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST KATES.
50-ro*>rn boarding-house WIVM)
140-roci*j hotel; clears $3C0 $S500
CO-room corner house: clears $350 $5000
V' rooms on Eddy st; clears $73 $G30
1<> rooms on Taylor st $450
15 ro^ms; new. elegant furniture $1400
28 rooms: new; elegant: clears $300 $2."iOO
H. C. DECKER. 1010 Market; tel. Mint. 796.
A~. WE PAY PPOT^ASH. '.
For Rooming-houses and Hotels..
Do Not Wait for Agents to Sell
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
J75A-20 ROOMS: all one floor; Geary st. ;
c'r-srs ?100; only $150 cash required.
$200 cash for 11-room house: nicely fur-
nished: good location: balance payments.
Vacnnt houses furnished
We furnish the money, you pay as you can.
DONALD' INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
60 ROOMS: newlv furnished: rent $150 $3000
20 rooms: Van Ness; flnelj- furn. ; extra.. KjO
1ft rooms. $450: 10 rooms, quick 3.V)
$*50 buys 14 elegantly furnished rooms: all
hair mattresses: best of beddlnp: clears $65
month: rent only $."2 V>: big harcain; best Io-
latlon. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.
mnr.lXG-HOrSES-SliM and prices to suit
rll buyers: titles guaranteed; money loaned
buyers; before buying call.
G. W. PCHWEINHARP,
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st.. bet. Bth & 6th.
CALL and see. our list of bargains- In houses:
we. have them ln any part of the city nnd at
Kny price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 2S
Sixth st.
CORNER lodclng-houre for Fnle: nil full and
in best order; 14 rooms. Call S75 Washington ,
St.. Oakland. ,]
$T."^-r« ROOMS: fine location: well furnished;
all rented: low rent nASILF.. 3 Eddy st.
XXVi't ROOMS: always full: convenient loca- j
tlon; low ror.t: net Income $3R. Box 1SS4. Call. |
$JO0: BAY-WINDOW house, IK rooms, good fur- j
nlture: alwavs full: rent $14. M4 Folsom st. !
¦»— __^>___ _____ _____________^___ i
¦ t
CARPET nEATIXG AMI CLEAXIXO. j
WHEN you bemme .*.!scu?ted with poor work 1
fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ir.K Works. 333-3J7 Tebama St.; tel. South 40. I
i CARPETS cleaned «t 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
I J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno- !
j vatln* Co.. 140 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74. I
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleantng Co.. 402 Sutter sf
| teL Main 3<i4. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor. |
! COXKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden i
Gate »ve. ; t-'ophripp V-ttft 12fi.
—_——____ ; .^ _
ARRIVED, the celebrated gypsy. Prince Les- j
ter. whose free test?, calling your name, the
name of the on* yo'i love and the name of i
the one you will marry, for a short time; i
the only medium In the world so 6ure of his i
occult power that he will give every person '.
¦who comes prepared a wonderful free test,
•"all or write, with stamps for answer. 13S2
Market st. opposite Odd Fellows' Hall. •
! A^MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business j
1 medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant: sit-
I tings. $1. 1164 OTarrell. nr. Gouch. Ellis car. j
: FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mm. C J. j
'¦ Meyer; sitting daily; tests to all to-night; 10c. !
I EARLE. 305 Tavlor st. corner Ellis— Sittings !
j dally: seance Tuesday and Thursday.
i II RS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer; '
I . readings daily. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14. i
! MRS. LESTER— Readings. BOe: circle every eve i
j ex. Sat. 10c: rfevel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk, j
' MRS. IX3UISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric !
I and Magnetic Healer,, room 14. 303 Larkln st. i
i C Mayo-Steers. WZM Oak St.. trance medium- |
\ readings $1: hours 1-5 p. m.: tel. Howard 527. |
• CLAIRVOYANTS. j
A— THE First Graduated Palmist Ever In San I
Francisco. I
PROFESSOR JOHNS. I
The wcrld> greatest living palmist and clalr-
. voyantftan be consulted daily on all affairs of I
[ life: he advises you whether you will be sue- !
I oeasful In business, mining or lawsuits, etc.; i
i Professor Johns is beyond the shadow of a I
j doubt the mo*t scientific practicing palmist J
j and clairvoyant in the world to-day.
; There Is no home so dreary or sad. no life j
j fo hard and blighted, no heart so sad and j
lonely, that cannot be set right and kept right i
• after a visit to this inspired prophet or modern I
times; all long-standing and chronic diseases. !
that have baffled the physician's skill cured i
without the use of medicine; he reunites the i
speedy and happy marriage, locates hidden
treasures, removes evil influences; cures fits;
drunkenness cured without tt.j patient's
knowledge: tells If your loved one Is true; en-
able* TOO to win the affection of any one you i
•1«-sire; also that which a person Is best adapt-
ed for in life is pointed out; he. enablf-s you to I
overcome your enemies; no matter what your j
trouble is, he oan and will help you or I
cliarge you 'lnthlng for his services.
N. P.— Palmistry taught: mediumlstle per-
sons developed. 2«'.i Kearny et., near Market.
Readings by maiL
If you cannot call, write. Give date of birth,
f.tate whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss; ask six
questions; inclose $1. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD. " "
TUB FAMOUS
Clairvoyant ar.d business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third st, next Examiner bulldm*.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of- the past, reveals the present hap-
penings end portrays events to occur " !n the
future. If you are ln trouhle, difcontented, un-
happy or not satisfied ln life, or have domestic,
love or buslriess troubles, consult this great
medium nnd you will be told how to overcome
them. Valunble advice ln all affairs of life;
2Jc- up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
I CONSULT the Quaker medium and palmist; she
j v.-lll reunite you with your loved one; her ad-
vice can be rolM, upon In all business affairs.
! sales of property, oil, mines amT lawsuits: do
you want u better pnsitfon ? Call and learn how>
I to get it. MI 1 .?. E. PANDERS. 1104 Market, r. 28 X
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 120*5 Mar-
ket *t. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
and 26: tsk« elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; rend etamp for pam-
phlet v.-ith special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful "clairvoyant &~card
reader, born with double veil— second eight:
dlegnoses disease with life reading; ladles 00c,
gents $1: palm, and cla!r. stt. Jl 50. . 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanentlr located 1US Market, op.
Cth: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. K. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant, business me-
j dlum: mining a «peclalty. 215 Kearny. r. 8-10.
MME. LAROSE. best 'clairvoyant, card reader;
free tests 25c up. 472 Stevenson St.. cor. Sixth.
MRS. MELVILL. wpll-lcnown clairvoyant. water
reader. 11 6th : German spoken ; tel. Howard 1S46.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. i« the creat palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MME. FCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;'
sittings d*Uy. :; 44S 1 .4 Jessie »;.. bet. Eth & 6th. I
MRS. B. BAUMAN.'the well-known ' fortune- I
teller, has removed to 222-UYldy st. " ;
MME. AUGUST. ¦ clairvoyant, card reader ami !
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c.- 1149 Mission. !
MME. RAVENNA, reads life fluently; buslnes* !
advice; name* clven; 25c ap. 5 Fourth st. " !
EMI'LOYMEXT WASTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— By a respectable woman, position
as housekeeper for small family with 1 or 2
children: no objection to country. Apply at
_ 303 Ninth st.
A WIDOW would like a position to take full
charge of child of one to five years of age;
Alameda or Berkeley preferred. MRS. WIL-
LIAMS, 923 Mission st.
YOUNG girl,' stenographer. Just. left school,
wishes r-osition to assist ln office; work for
improvement; small salary expected. Apply
box B. Cnll branch, 300 Hayes st.
EXPERIENCED, woman would like work in
restaurant, boarding house. or lunch house to
work from 9 to 3. wait or assist In kitchen.
Call or address 264 First st. upstairs.
WANTED— By a refined lady, as companion or
maid to lady. Call Sunday at 1293 Folsom st.
from 3 to 6 p. m.
A SWISS girl wishes a position for upstairs
work in a fine family; wages |15. Address 119
Tenth st.
A WOMAN with a child desires situation on
ranch; $15. MISS .DILLON. 315 Sutter at.
WOMAN would like to work by the day; please
call or, write. 106 Eleventh st, box 2l.
COMPETENT nursery governess or lady's
maid; understands halrdresslng and manicur-
ing; good references. Call or address 12 Fella
place, oft Powell st., between Pine and Bush.
EXPERIENCED young lady stenographer
wishes outside typewriting, either by the
piece or by the hour. M. Y., room 63, sixth
floor, 916 Market st. [ '-.*a -J: .-'.¦
SCOTCH woman desires engagements; ladles'
nurse; diploma; ¦ specially commended . by
medical examiners of Glasgow hospitals. 317
Natoma bt.. between Fourth and Fifth.
YOUNG woman, literary student, wishes em-
ployment I as office assistant several hours
dally. Address P. A. B., care Y. W. C. A.,
1253 O'Farrell st. ¦ :
SWEDISH girl wishes to Work by day. Call
at 350 Tremont ave.
REFINED young woman who wishes to learn
the trade would llku position ln flrst-clasj
halrdresslng establishment. Address H. W..
126 Ellis st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
k?t— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night. $1 60 to (6
week: convenient nnd respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to nnd, from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. •
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
_ EMPLOYMENT 'WANTED — MALE.
BOOKKEEPER, D. E.. and stenographer; 5
years' experience: honest, industrious and
able; desires position; good references. Box
1861. Call office.
R K ST A U RANT man, reliable, with 2S years'
experience, wishes position as ¦ manager or
steward In a restaurant or hotel. Please ad-
dress box 1S92, Call office.
YOUNG man with some experience in short
knife cutting wants position. 1362 East Elev-
enth st. East Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by practical laundryman;
no objection to out of town; am applicable
to any position where physical labor is re-
quired: out of employment. Address T. J.'
TURNER. Cosmopolitan Hotel.
SITUATION wanted by practical soapmaker
of all kinds of laundry and toilet soaps,
boiled or cold process, | sand and salt water
soaps; can take entire charge if necessary.
Address O. X.. 8 Decatur st.. S. F.
GARDENER (professional) wishes situation
private place: experienced ln all branches;
can milk: cood references. Address box 1874,
Call office. '
MAN with good reference wants position as
night watchman or porter; speaks 3 languages.
Box 1ST6. Call. ¦
STATIONARY engineer, strictly sober and ln-
dustrlous, 12 years'. experience, wants steady
position; best of references. Box 1S45, Call.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper, stenographer and
typewriter would llk«" position: good refer-
ences; city or country. Box 1809, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by coachman: city or
country: best of references. Box 1857. Call. .
RELIABLE young man wishes to learn carpet
.laying trade; wages no object. Box 1882, Call.
ENGINEER wishes employment; ablo to do
all own repairs. Box 1S33. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
• subscriptions has been established at 1096
\ alencla st.
FKATHEn PILLOWS.
H P TELS and Private parties wishing: to have
tneir feather pillows cleaned and renovated
¦ 5,^ . l jL fti 'atest • sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
PCRSlTUnE FOR SALES. "
4 ROOMS furnished lrPoak~J4S 50. wtfh No/ 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUR MTU HE WAS TE D.
Auctioneer— I* Vincent. 1305 Larkln: tel. Polk C94;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W. E. Cody. 757 Mlsslon§tel. Red S3J3.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st; tel Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
Price, for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
FLATS TO LKT.. *
TO LET— New flats on Buchanan St., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave. ; S and 6
rooms and bath; all the latest improvements."
' Apply g. II. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. = 1002
. McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
i> 14 Montgomery. st. .- ¦ ¦ ':.¦¦::¦
WALNUT, 303 — Elegant: modern: 8 rooms and
bath; low rent. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 867
Market st.<
A NEW flat with latest improvements: 7 rooms
and bath ; rent $40. . if 2 Pine st. near Taylor.
MINNA, 673 — New . upper flat," six rooms and
= bath, with modern Improvements. «•
, VERY fine flat. 7 rooms. 2524 Mission st. be-
___tween Twenty-first', and Twenty-second.
$'!JKO, WATER -free— 3 sunny rooms and yard.
1^7 Ivy. ave., corner Van Ness, near Hayes st
: $23— NEW upper flat; 6 rooms and bath. •'North-
wegt corner; Turk and Pierce, sts.
C " R . A PEST and.best in America— The .Weekly,
• ti* ' ' 16 P n *es,* sent ' to any ; address ln • tbe
: ¦ united states or Canada one year for $1.
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED.
To } 1 ¦«_»•— *60oTioweT"fiaT of 9 large sunny fur-
nisned - rooms and .bath ; ¦ all • rented ; ' 3 ' rooms
my rent;- win keep one for $12 a month;
central. Box 1SS5. Call offlco.Family Rkail Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.-R. O. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
Business in the East . and particularly along
the North Atlantic coast, . has been catching
up with the rest of the country a little this
week,' so that in the few lines where complaint
has been heard locally of late the tone Is btt
ter. This comes I from the working off of re
tall stocks which owners feared would have
to be carried over -to next season. In build
ers' hardware the buying has been ¦ notably
better and •• the distribution in the grocery
jobbing trade has been given a considerable
stimulus. Even the laggard dry goods market
has shown a good measure of improvement,
though in cotton goods there is still much to
be desired, for. the larger buying has not
brought any Improvement in general tone and
in some directions the market is slower than
a week ago. ' From the interior advices are
' almost uniformly favorable, with a very heavy
movement of general merchandise and farm
Implements over the northwestern railways. ¦
Activity grows more pronounced in wool.
' sales at the three, chief Eastern : markets ag
gregating 8,528.500 pounds, for the last week,
against 6,972,600 in the previous week and 2,-
WA.4W a month ago. ' Although transactions
arc heavier than at any time in over a year
the situation is far from satisfactory, as each
week brings a lower level of prices.- There is
little evidence of a better demand for goods
and while some holders of wool are sacrificing
stocks In ' order to make room for . the ¦ new
clip, the actual supply Is ¦ not materially de
creasing. I Purchases i are larger because of
the feeling that prices must be near the bot
tom. Unless manufacturers receive larger or
ders and reduce excessive stoaks before sup
plies are augmented by another clip,' it is dif
ficult to see why prices r should -advance, even
if they are at the level of two years ago '
.The; other: large textile Industry, is In- not
much ' better, condition. Instead of being able
to advance prices of cotton goods In propor
tion, to the high quotations recentty made for
raw cotton, the mills are meeting with light
demand and even at 'the reduction to 3 cents
for print" cloths, ¦ there ¦ is . no activity. - Many
mills have ¦ already ; restricted operations and
more will - stop spindles • on 'March 1. When
the raw material -was advanced to the highest
price in ten: years it could, not defy, the law
of supply/demand and prices, which ultimate
ly restored an equilibrium." ¦:.-•.--
On Tuesday ; a decline of $13 75 a bale from
the top point i had occurred, making it possi
ble to manufacture . at a profit.
Footwear ts firmly held at unchanged prices
Dun's .Review of Trade.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
PRAWLE POINT— Paused Feb 21— Br ship
British General," from Antwerp/ for San Fran-
NEWCASTLE. Aua— Arrived Feb 21— Br stmr
Carmarthenshire, from Port Plrie.
Sailed Feb ' 21— Br ; ship : Arracan, for San
Francisco. '
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Feb 21— Br ship Cam
blan Hills, hence Oct 1.
COLON— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr City, of Wash
ington, from New York.
Sailed Feb 10— Stmr Finance, for Now York.
PANAMA — Arrived Feb 19— Stmr Argyll.
hence Feb " 6. ' • " ¦ ' • .
LIZARD— Passed Feb 21— Fr bark Cam
bronne. from Rouen, for Cardiff.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Feb 20— Br ship Lln
llthrowshlre. for Antwerp. ¦ :• -
VALPARAISO— Sailed Feb 17— Br stmr. Chill,
for San Francisco. ¦¦¦/:. - > - ; ¦- . ,
FOREIGN PORTS,
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
ARRIVED.
Friday, February 22.
Stmr Scotia, Walviff. 36 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia. Winkle, 17 hours from Fort
Brags.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. IS hours from Monte
rey.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. 12 hours from
Point Arena.
: Stmr Crescent City, Payne. 37 hours from
; Crescent City.
1 Stmr Navarro, Han&en, 17 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr N'ewbursr. Peterson. 72 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart, 93 hours from
Ballard; bound to San Pedro; put in for pas
senecrs. ¦ •
Stmr Argo, Hughes, 51 hours from Coquille
River.
Aus stmr Federica, Ivanclch. 7 days from
Xanalmo.
Tug Collls. 2 days from Port Los Angeles.
Rush ship Harbinger. Nordlund. 114 days from
Antwerp.
Bark J D Peters, Townsend, 15 days from
Comex.
SAILED.
Friday. February 22.
Stmr Homer, " Donaldson, Eureka.
Stmr Whltesboro. Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr Mandalay, Reed, Ccqullle.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, Willapa Harbor.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, .
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson. .
Stmr Corona, HInkle. San Pedro. .-."••¦ r. : : "'-
Stmr Fulton, Levinson. Grays Harbcr.
U S. stmr Huch McCulloch. Coulsen. in
search of missing Oer ship Otto Glldermelster.
Chll ftmr Palena, Moon. Valparaiso.
Nor stmr Bergenhus, Svendsen, Hongkong,
via San Dle^o.
Ger bark J C Glade, Stege, Valparaiso.
Brig Pitcalrn. Blaln. Manila.
Schr Antelooe. BJorkengren. Coquille River.
Schr Falcon, Thomap. Port Gamble.
¦ TELEGRAPHIC.
. POINT LOBOS. Feb 22. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind south, velocity 8 miles.
. SPOKEN.
Jan 16, lat 22 N, Ion 39 W— Br ship Hldde
k«l, hence Sept 25. for Liverpool.
MEMORANDUM.
Per bark J D Peters, from Comox, Feb 22—
Was outside lor' five days with strong SE
winds and calms and thick weather." Passed a
dead body oft the. lightship.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Feb 21— 8hlp
Jamts NfBmlth. for Cape Town; ship Alex
Gibson, for Cape Town. ¦ «
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr
Mlneola, from Nanalmo.
SEATTLE— Arrived F«b 22— Schr Sailor Boy,
from Port Townsend. Feb 21— Jap stmr Idxuml
Maru; from Yokohama.
Sailed Feb 21— Stmr Al-Kt. for Skaruay.
ASTORIA— Sailed Feb 22— Stmr GeorB* W
Elder, for San Francisco.
BANDON— Sailed Feb 22— 8chr Conflanza, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 22— Schr Corinthian, hence Feb
ruary 1J.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Humboldt.
hence Feb 21. *
Bailed Feb 22— Stmr Humboldt. for Seattle:
schr Pasadena, for San Pedro: schr Allen A,
for Hilo: schr Fortuna, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Aber
deen, from Eureka. .. •
PORT BLAKELET-Sailed Feb 22— Schr Ex
celsior.- for San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb 22— Schr Monterey,
for San Francisco. '
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 22— Schr Zarn
ra and stmrs Signal and "Wawona. for San
Pedro. ¦
NEWS OP-THE OCEA2T.
Northern California— Cloudy Saturday, with
showers in north and central portions; fresh
southerly wimi.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
southwest wind.
Nevada— Cloudy; probably with showers Sat
urday.
Utah-rCloudy Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Showers Satur
day; fresh southerly wind.
O. H. WILLSOX.
Local Forecast Official..
Conditions ere favorable for cloudy weather,
with showers In Northern California and fair
weather In Southern California Saturday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. February 23, 1901:
The temperature is generally above the normal
west of the Rocky Mountains and the changes
have been slight.
A etorm of moderate erfergT Is central off the
Oregon coast, moving slowly eastward. The
pressure has fallen slowly over the western por
tions of Washington and Oregon and Northwest
California.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
£5; minimum, 48; mean, £6.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy and threatening weather
prevails In all districts, except the San Joaquin
Valley and Southern California, where It is
clear. Light rain has fallen from Point Arena
and Red Bluff northward in California and In
the western portions of Oregon and Washing
ton.
NOTE-In th« above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
dar in the order of occurrence as to time of
day. the third time column rives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights siven
are In addition to 'the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey ¦ charts, except when a
minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
U the mean of the tower low waters.
The only change in dairy products ts a fur- !
ther decline in Keg?. ¦ j
Poultry has been more or less scarce and
hirh for a week or|8o. but there is mere on
the market now, as delayed carloads from ;
the East have corae to hand. Oame is some- ¦
¦what cheaper. There is no change In Meat.
The fruit and vegetable markets are about
aa before, though Onions have been scarce for ',
some days. .
Cbal, jier ton —
Cannel J «12 oolSouthneld
Wellington.. @U 00 Wellington —^11 00
Seattle 9 C0@ JCoos Bay @ 7 50
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq. 3541 45 Common Eggs...— 017^4
Do. good 30**— Ranch Eggs, per
Pickled 30'yli dozen 1TV4<3'2O
Tub. Der lb 25<a— Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal 12@li pound la@20
Cheese. Eastern.. 17S2O Do, extracted... 10@12
Cheese. Swiss..... 20@35
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 6O@75 Quail, doz $1 50@l 75
Young Roosters, English Snipe, per
each 75S90 dozen $3 50*54
Old Roosters. ea..50@f0 Jack Snipe $1 73@2
Kryera. each to@"o Mallard, pair..8Scg)Jl M
Broilers, each 50"§60 Canvasback . ..IZciiil "3
Turkeys, per lb...l7i^20 Sprig «0fiS3
Ducks, each 60@90 Teal 6O®6.-.
Geeee, each...Jl 50^1 75 Widgeon 50^60
Pigeons, pair 40<R50i Small Duck ;."..... 3»§4i>
Rabbits, pair 40®— j Wild Geese." palr.30<0>*.>
Hare, each — <S20|
Meats, rer lb— .
Bacon 15®lS|Round Steak VXQ11
Beef, choice 15&20 Sirloin Steak 15#—
Do, good. —4X12 1 Porterhouse do....20^—
Corned Beef 10«ji; Smoked Beef — S213
Ham 12ttl5 Pork. Salt 12i&13
Lard — «rlSiPork Chops 15»1J
Mutton 12W15 Pork Sausages.. 12'jy 20
Lamb 1S®23 Vea! 1T#1J
Pork, fresh IS®—'
Fruits and Xuts —
Almonds, per lb..lo®20 Limes, per doz.... — ©15
Apples .'. 5S S Lemons, doz 15iSJ5
Bananas, do» 25«tJ«j Raisins, per lb — ®—
Oranges, doz 15®30 Walnuts, per lb.. 15^23
Vegetables —
Asparagus, per lb.!5©50 Peppers, per lb 30-3
Artichokes, doz..75c$tl Potatoes, per lb.. '"S
Beets, doz "...lOif— Rhubarb, per lb..—^-JO
Beans, white. lt>..15<S20 Sweet Potatoes.lb iq—
Colored, per lb..lO?y— Parsnips, rer dz.lOfi—
Dried Lima. lb.. «9 S Radlshes.dz bchs.l5«?)
Cabbage, each *Q— Sa » e « d<>z bnchs..;.W30
Cauliflowers, ea... 5*J — String Beans, lb. .25^30
Celery, head lit— Summer Squash,
Cress, Cos bnchs.l5©M per lb 13#3O
Cucumbers, pr dz.W 00 Sprouts, per lb.... ft® g
Egg Plant, lb 25@3O Spinach, per lb... 3«—
Green Peas. lb.-.-WJU Thyme, per lb 23<Q30
Lettuce, per Aoa.AZiiiO Turnips, per doz..l0'g'
Onions, per lb.... 6® 8 Tomatoes, per lb.2CQ—
Okra. dried, lb....— ©3».
Fish— '
Barracuda —©—(Shrimps S1?1O
Carp SfflO Shad 8(©ii»
Codfish 12$U Sea Bass — (psft
Flounders 10® 12 Smelts SO®—
Halibut lOfnafSoles 10@—
Herring 10«— Skat*, each s<S?12
Kingfish 9«— Tomcod _©i;i^
Mackerel — <(i — Clams, ration SOff —
Do. Horse — @— Do. hardshell, lb $ft\&
Perch ...: ....10*fl2l Crabs, each ....12^—
Pomplno — @— Do. softshell.dz.40tf?—
Rockflsh lZVift— Mussels, quart.... 5©1*
Salmon, fresh 1S620 Oysters. Cal. 100..40tf5O
Do. smoked l.vfjMO Do. Eastern. dz.25fi4.)
(UOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 22. 1901—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last gpasffc. and rainfall in the last twenty-four
hours:
Weather Report.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Unlted States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time* and Heights of High ana Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
FrancUco Bmy. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at tha
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide is th« same at both placer.
TO SAIL.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 22.— Wheat— Dull ; No. 1
California, 6s 2d; Xo. 2 Western winter, 53
ll^d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 2H<1. Fu
tures, quiet; March, 5s lUid; May, 6s 'id.
CORN— Spotj- quiet: American mixed new,
3s lOd; do old, 3s ll*id. Futures, quiet; March.
3s 9%d; May. 3s I»t 4 d; July. 3s 9%d.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Feb. 22.— Atchlson, 6774: Canadian
Pacific. 93: Union Paciflo prefd, 90; Northern
Pacific prefd. 88*i; Grand Trunk. 6%: Anacon
da, 9. Bar silver, steady. 28 7-16d per ounce.
Money, 4?HV4 per cent.
London Market.
SHEEP— Receipts. 6000. Sheep, strong to
shade higher. Lambs steady to shade lower.
Good to choice wethers. $Jg4 60: fair to choice
mixed. $3 60@4 10; Western sheep. 1«<?4 80:
Texas sheep, J2 50<i?3 65; native lambs, $4 51®
5 25; Western lambs, $5@5 25. .
HOGS— Receipts, 24.000; to-morrow. 25,000; left
over. 1500. Average, shade lower; ?top. 13 50:
mixed and butchers'. $5 3D«J5 50: good to choice
heavy, $3 3.VJ?"> 30: rough heavy, $5 £5^5 15;
light. %-, 2o@5 45; bulk of sale*, $j 37^ 5 43.
• CHICAGO. Feb. 22.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2500,
including 150 Texans. Generally good
to prime steers, $4 90^5: poor to medium." $3 50
§4 80; stockers and feeders, $2 7&94 30; cows.
ii 50@4 30; heifers. $2 50#4 50; cannere. $1 85@
2 50; bulls, $2 P-S?4 20; calves, $4#6 50; Texas
fed steers, |4@4 90: Texas grass steers, $3 3Cr@
4; Texas bulls, $2 5O@3 50.
Chicago Livestock Market.
Failures for the week were 253 In the United
States, against 201-last year, and 39 In Canada,
against 33 last year.
No diminution appears In the movement of
Iron and steel products. Mills are rushed with
orders and new contracts are taken at full
prices. Piglron Is freely bought and prices
tend upward; Billets and other partially man
ufactured forms are firmer, and finished goods
would command high prices if Immediate de
livery could be secured, v Lumber and mate
rials are in good demand.'.
i Grain markets - are devoid ' of wide fluctua
tions, although many reports are circulated re
garding the condition of winter wheat, but It
is too early to secure .definite information.
News from* India and Australia' indicates a
larger crop than last year's.
with 'good buying- of spring line* In the Boa
ton market. Western trade Is less active and
some orders have been countermanded.
THE SAN FKAXGISCO CALL. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1901.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 23.
13
24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka 0.34 37.«S 39.37
Red Bluff Trace 21.97 16.66
Sacramento 15.42 13. S7
l>an Francisco 16.09 15.11
Fresno Trace 9.88 6.21
Independence 5.46 2.14
San Luis Obispo 27.04 12.66
Los Angeles Trac<x 13.61 4.57
San Diego .... g.53 2.65
Steamer.
From.
Colon...........
San Pedro.....'
Eureka..
Coqullle River.
Empire
North Fork.....
XJ. W. Elder....
Hyades
Bonlta............
Queen
Tlt«nl»;r;......
Alamcda.......
Pomona.....:.. 1
Area t a.. ........
Panama &r Way/Ports. Feb." a
Humboldt ........... .v... Feb. 23
Humboldt Feb. 23
Grays "Harbor .......... Feb. 23
Cooa Bay ..... ......;.. Feb. 24
Humboldt ............... Feb. 24
Portland and Astoria... Feb. 24
Oyster Harbor Feb. 24
Newport; .............. .\: Feb. 24
San Dte«o .:............. Feb. 24
Nanaimo ................7. Feb. 24
Sydney and Way vPorts Feb.' 25
Humboldt :..7......J Feb. 23
Cooa Bay .v.'..;....|Feb. 25
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
v February 23.
Corona... Newport 9 am Pier 11
Fulton........ Grays Harbor .... 2 pm Pier —
Ciarlna... Seattle & Tacorna. S pm Pier t
Ar*o Coqullle Rlrer 4 pm Pier X
Newburg Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier I
Jfarlposa Honolulu ? pm Pier 7
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
February 24.
Santa Rosa... San Diego » am Pier U
February 25.
Empire Coo« Bay 10 am Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 1J
Sta»« of Cal.. Pugat Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Chaa. Nelson. Seattle & Taccma. Id am Pier *
February SO.
San Pedro.... Humboldt io am Pier * I
BcnJta Newport 9 nm Pier U
February %t.
Arcata.. Coo« Bay .......... 12 m Pier 13
Qu«en San Diego 9 amiPler 11
North Fork.. Humboldt 9am)Pler-'
O. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier ii
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
February 28.
Colon Panama A Way Pt 1 pm PMSS
| Stunner.
Destination.
Mattewan Taeoma Feb. 25
Coptic China and Japan Feb. IS
Mall* Walla... Puget Sound Ports .— Feb. 2t»
Leelanaw Seattle Feb. 28
Progreso Taeoma Feb. 2C
Curacao Mexican Ports Feb. 27
Corona Newport Feb. 27
Coronado San Pedro Feb. 27
PoJnt Arena... Point Arena Feb. JS
aanta Roga San Diego Feb. 23
Sun
San
Mooi
i»es e : 50
'«»» 5:56
sets ...11:38 p. m.
o
Time Time Time Tlmet
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L IV H W L W
2:21 S.8 8:47 0.5 3:23 4.6 8:49 1.9
3:10 5.8 9:54 0.4 4:40 4.2 9:33 2.3
4:00 5.8 11:06 0.3 6:01 4.J 10:40 2 S
6:01 5.7 12:20 0.1 7:21 4.2 11:55 3.0
6:10 5.7 1:23 0.0 8:30 4.4
L W H W - L.W H W
1:10 2.9 7:21 5.7 2:22 0.1 9:21 4 7
2:15 2.7 8:23[ 5.7 3:11 -O.lf 10:0S 5.0
a ...
n ...
25 ...
is ...
27 ...
21 ...
1 ...
Sun
San
Mooi
i»es e : 50
'«»» 5:56
sets ...11:38 p. m.
o
Time Time Time Tlmet
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L IV H W L W
2:21 S.8 8:47 0.5 3:23 4.6 8:49 1.9
3:10 5.8 9:54 0.4 4:40 4.2 9:33 2.3
4:00 5.8 11:06 0.3 6:01 4.J 10:40 2 S
6:01 5.7 12:20 0.1 7:21 4.2 11:55 3.0
6:10 5.7 1:23 0.0 8:30 4.4
L W H W - L.W H W
1:10 2.9 7:21 5.7 2:22 0.1 9:21 4 7
2:15 2.7 8:23[ 5.7 3:11 -O.lf 10:0S 5.0
a ...
n ...
25 ...
is ...
27 ...
21 ...
1 ...
24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka 0.34 37.«S 39.37
Red Bluff Trace 21.97 16.66
Sacramento 15.42 13. S7
l>an Francisco 16.09 15.11
Fresno Trace 9.88 6.21
Independence 5.46 2.14
San Luis Obispo 27.04 12.66
Los Angeles Trac<x 13.61 4.57
San Diego .... g.53 2.65
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
v February 23.
Corona... Newport 9 am Pier 11
Fulton........ Grays Harbor .... 2 pm Pier —
Ciarlna... Seattle & Tacorna. S pm Pier t
Ar*o Coqullle Rlrer 4 pm Pier X
Newburg Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier I
Jfarlposa Honolulu ? pm Pier 7
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
February 24.
Santa Rosa... San Diego » am Pier U
February 25.
Empire Coo« Bay 10 am Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 1J
Sta»« of Cal.. Pugat Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Chaa. Nelson. Seattle & Taccma. Id am Pier *
February SO.
San Pedro.... Humboldt io am Pier * I
BcnJta Newport 9 nm Pier U
February %t.
Arcata.. Coo« Bay .......... 12 m Pier 13
Qu«en San Diego 9 amiPler 11
North Fork.. Humboldt 9am)Pler-'
O. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier ii
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
February 28.
Colon Panama A Way Pt 1 pm PMSS
| Stunner.
Destination.
Mattewan Taeoma Feb. 25
Coptic China and Japan Feb. IS
Mall* Walla... Puget Sound Ports .— Feb. 2t»
Leelanaw Seattle Feb. 28
Progreso Taeoma Feb. 2C
Curacao Mexican Ports Feb. 27
Corona Newport Feb. 27
Coronado San Pedro Feb. 27
PoJnt Arena... Point Arena Feb. JS
aanta Roga San Diego Feb. 23
Steamer.
From.
Colon...........
San Pedro.....'
Eureka..
Coqullle River.
Empire
North Fork.....
XJ. W. Elder....
Hyades
Bonlta............
Queen
Tlt«nl»;r;......
Alamcda.......
Pomona.....:.. 1
Area t a.. ........
Panama &r Way/Ports. Feb." a
Humboldt ........... .v... Feb. 23
Humboldt Feb. 23
Grays "Harbor .......... Feb. 23
Cooa Bay ..... ......;.. Feb. 24
Humboldt ............... Feb. 24
Portland and Astoria... Feb. 24
Oyster Harbor Feb. 24
Newport; .............. .\: Feb. 24
San Dte«o .:............. Feb. 24
Nanaimo ................7. Feb. 24
Sydney and Way vPorts Feb.' 25
Humboldt :..7......J Feb. 23
Cooa Bay .v.'..;....|Feb. 25
BATXWAY TRAVEL.
5? nOOXIS^FOR nOPSEKEEPINC.
McALLISTER. 6JS— Elegantly furnished sunny
parlor suite, sink, gas range, bath and laun-
dry.
I MISSION. 1723H, near Thirteenth— 2 sunnj- fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, bath and laun-
| dry. $S.
ONE larg? room furnished complete fcr light
hotiFekeepinK; rent $1 per week. Apply at
j+.oe utor*, 5C2 Mleslon st.. between First
and Fecond sts.
SECOND. 212— Well furnished for housekeep-
ing; quiet, neat, clean and respectable: rea-
sonabie.
SIXTH. 136— Sunny rocms for light housikeei>-
Ing; also room for gentleman.
STOCKTON, C07-Elesantly furnished floor of
4 sunny rooms: also single rocmSj
TENTH. 136— I.arg.» front room for housekeep-
ing In basement; al*o elnaie room.
THIRTEENTH. "a!?, near Valencla-2 sunny
furnished housekeepins rooms; water and
stove; separate entrance.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, KOQ Flllmore st.
A~BR7NCH^fl«~f^rCalTadvertlseraents and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia St.
ROOMS TO "l.BT Kni-n. nnd I'nfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 221 Grant ave.-Be$t dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms: modern conveniences rooms
6Cc up; first-class meals 25c: freg coach.
A— BRUNSWICK House. li% Sixth— Rooms 23c
to |l r*r nlKht: »1 25 to 15 per week, and light
| housekeeping: open all night.
BURNETT 142« Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH £20 (The Elk)— Changed hands; nicely
furn.' sunny rms. stnsle, en suite, newly reno-
vsted: all conven. Mrs. K. M. Rama'.v. prop.
EF>r»Y. 3*'3 .. Sunny bay-window rooms; gas;
phone; rent reasonable.
L'DDY, 515— Furnished front bay-window par-
} lor and back sunny rorms; reasonable.
EIJLIS. 3?9— Changed hands; sunny furnished
frnr.t bay window room, and others.
T1LBERT. 614— Nicely furnished sunny alcove
room, suitable for 2 gentlemen.
i KT'LTON. 525— Large furnished double room;
j bath; suitable for two.
j OEART,«S (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
' rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE av.,-1206— Sunny furnished par-
lor suite; board optional; also single rooms.
GBAKD SOUTHERN 1 , southeast comer Seventh
an-1 Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GROVE. 40S'i— Sunny single room for gentle-
man.
XAUREL HOUSE. 930H Mission— Rooms to let
en suite or single; no transient.
MARKET 1053. bet. 6th and 7th— Nice sunny
furnished rooms; gents preferred; transient.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, Jl per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; S5c a day up.
OTARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices:; elevator: elec. lights; day. wk.. mo.
ROYAL House. 126 •Ellis— Incandescent light;
r»adlng-room. smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nltht. S5c to $1 50; week, J2 to
*S: month. $S to M0: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 713-321 Ellis st.-Roomsi
night.. 2Cc to Jl: week. Jl 23 to |4; open night.
| SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Klghth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER. 3^>H— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms, JS; suites, $12 to $25 mo.
TURK. 613—2 unfurnished rooms, $10; one large
front, »6.
TWENTY-THIRD. S728. near Dolores— S eunny
bay- window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
j VALENCIA. 131—2 front rooms, well furnished
for housekeeping, with use of bath, rent $10:
also l back room, well furnished, with small
kitchen, rent $5.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. «Jrac
Church, with annex £07 California et., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and rightly rooms at modest rates.
GERMAN family woul.i like to get two gentle-
men for room and board. 1129 Howard st.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 413
First «t.
__- SPECIAL NOTICES. -
$150,000 TO loan on 1st mortsures; will loan on
80 per cent; easy payments; mutual plan.
Apply M. J.. box 1476. Call office.
BAD tenants ejected for*. $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery gt.. rooms 9-10; tel. S5S0.
SEWIXG MACIII.VKS AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL. kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
EOUGHT. sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint *>.
storage: axd "warehouses.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. £40 Mls-
slon St.; tel. Mint IS21. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Btorge Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S4!); shipplnr at cut rates.
Tni'SSES.
MANUFA'R; elastic stockings, shoulder braces,
supporters made, repaired. Menge, 603 Kearny.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWrTtERS^W^5
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. MS California; telephone Main 266.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage. Depot
Quartermaster's Offlce, If New Montgomery
st., San Francisco. Cal., February 9, 1801. —
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will ¦ be re-
received at this offlce until 10 o'clock a. rn.,
Monday, February 25. 1901. Pad!; Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Rub-
ber Ponchos, Brown Cotton Stockings, Garri-
son Flags. Post Flags, Storm and Recruiting
Flags. Quantities to be subject to M per
cent Increase, if desired, by this department.
Bids will be opened for the delivery of the
same articles at either the San Francisco.
Boston, Chicago and Philadelphia Depots. To
avoid misunderstanding as to the exact na-
ture cf the articles to be furnished, bidder*
will carefully examine the standard samples
and specifications, so that proposals may be
submitted by them with a full knowledge of
what will be required. In the matter of Pon-
chos the attention of bidders Is called to the
fact that the sealed samples do not strictly
conform to the specifications, that the latter
will govern exclusively, and further, that
the samples show only the general character
of the Ponchos to be furnished. Bids upon
iample« dlfferins from specifications and
samples upon which bids are Invited will un-
Oer no circumstances be entertained, nor will
unguaranteed btdi be considered. Proposals
for lets Quantities than advertised for will
be entertained. Bids for delivery or inspec-
tion at other points than those named above
will not be considered. Early deliveries are
essential. Bidders must state in thefrpro^o'
sals the rate and time of delivery should
contract be awarded to them, and that no
preposition should be made which they ar"
not positive that they can absolutely rulfllV
Preference will be given to articles of domes-
tic production and manufacture, conditions
of price and quality being equal (Including
in the price of foreign production and manu-
facture the duty thereon), and such prefer-
ence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be endorsed "Pro-
posals No. 1271." and addressed- to Major
OSCAR F. LONO. Ouartermaster. US
Vols.. Depot Quartermaster.
LEGAL ADVEIITISEMEXTS.
IX the Superior Court of the City and County
of Fan Francisco, State of California— In the
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
poration, upon its application for a judgment
of dissolution. Notice.— No. 75.1*7. Dept. 10.
Notice is hereby given that Honolulu Sugar-
Company, a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the. laws of the
Btate of California, and having its offlce and
place of business in the city and county of
San Francisco, State of California, has filed
its application, duly verified and signed by a
majority of Its board of directors, addressed
to the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, pray-
ing* for a Judgment of dissolution of said
corporation; and that Monday, March 25th.
1301. at 10 o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of
said court. Department No. 10. in the City
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have b*en appointed as the day, time
and place for the hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February, 1901.
(Seal) WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. (In-
dorsed.) Filed Feb. 20. 18M. WM. A. DEANE.
Clerk, by E. M. THOMP8ON. n*Dnf»- OUrk.
MYRON M M'ZT. aprnry Sohai<"r & Co. .' Byron
Mauiy. Oabler anil Ppfilman pianos. 3Cg p cg t.
ON tale— Steinway u;right. $200. 217 G?ary st..
rrora :•' ' .
fTtcUL BALE— limawg reduction*; pee our
Sender. «>nlv *:•>¦ I'.RVKNN, 20S Pc»t st.
aT KEEFVT * >SS Market St.. 4 elepant yp-
riphts rt f<y own price. Shonlnger as,-«»r.cy.
Jjt-ST t*'.x rtoek In city; new pla.nof. $3 per
month. ?'<1TT-CITJTAZ. 560 Hayes Ft.
FTPKniou rtottna. zithers, old an! mw. H.
MfLLEK. a:k>r. rfpairer. 2 Latham place.
OVYICKV AND STOKES TO L.12T.
A i'Ni: ftand for coRes and lunch house; ver>'
orntrally located; real- new City Hall. Apply
CEOBGB W. II. PATTEnSOX & CO.. 11 Clly
j;b".I square.
CORXEB KCTt \Tg«t corner Fourth and Perry
; ;« : occupied, as gror»ry and bar for past 30
vrRr?: rrnt S^; water free. Apply to G. II.
IliBSEN & CO.. 14 Montennrry st.
CHEAP. liKlu cfiiefs. Emma Sprecke'.s build-
;rp. S~ Mtrket «.
OIL-
JOSETPH B. TOP1-ITZ. EJO Pine street.
UKMHEU PBODVCEnS* «">IL nXCHAXOE.
Countr>* ccrre«:>onii?nc* solicited.
A FEW* men with capital to promot* an oil
compary: f»o wrllr; fu!l Investigation. Box
1873. Call office.
OH. L ANUS KOK SALE.
KERV River: prorea terrltcrj; line of R. n.
NfwiM;. Car?^"ii /I- Pon>»s. r. 104. Chronicle.
l'AI\ri:K> AM» l>KCtMl.\'roU>.
V»!l per-er. window rhades: rocms par»ered, Q
v-r. Jf-ns^n ii ltath. 2<~* Sixth: open evenings.
rAI-SIISTUY.
H JEROME FO5SKLLT. scientific palrnistTTlS
Tfi.v'.or ft., bft. Gear?- and Poft; tel. Black 561.
PATKMS AM) PENSION'S.
ADVICE free; no rharffe unless successful.
GE*"*. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
GENTLEMAN of 4" de«!re» to correspond with
v^ur.g la<5y or widow; object matrimony. Ad-
drefs box 1«S9. Cal! offtee.
Jl RESPEtTABLi; £*mleman wishes to meet
r««r^~table lady; cb>ec-t. marriage. Eox 1MI.
Cail c»ce.
MHS. C. P. BROWX havir.s left my bed and
board. I. Charles H. Prawn, will not be re-
fponrtHf frr any <lehts Incurred by her.
A— 13 JO DEUBT and Fedora hatsTtl 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatter*. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. *2 75. MISFIT
CLOTH I X<? PARLORS. 437 Mnnuonwry ft.
2tlASQL'nnAnE on««n<-f. play book*, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7S3 Mkt.
COOD home open for healthy boy cr Riri baby.
Mm. I>r. Funke. 1116 Kiphth ft.. Alaraeda.
ItLKCTRIC lirht in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. r.ear Market: 7T0 rooms;
r5c to Jl 50 per nisht; $1 50 la Vi |>er week;
fre* "bus and bncpap* to ar.d from th» ferry.
V IIITE franc! ir^n beds. F'.nrle. thr»>* -quarter
or OooMc. t2 tS EASTERN' OITFITTING
C"O.. 1310-121; .-to'-kton Ft.. n»ar Broadway.
FPRING fiyles Standard patterns now ready.
•'Dnmeptic' 1 office, ion Market St.. nr. Sixth. ;
UAHilNE t-jminc. metal Fpir.ninir. brass fln-
iyhlnit & rand^lf rr.«<le. A. Graft. 10 Stevenson. :
Fl'PERFLt"OU? hair and moles destroyed with
electric reddle. igSS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
VR. LAMOTTTTS French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: all drujrgists.
ALFREPUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; Jl; at all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AXD IDBCEOXS.
PR. C. C. O* DON NELIv— Offlce and residence.
VSX\k Market et.. between Sixth and Feventh.
TJB- WONT. HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all of the human body, see
t^Ftim^r.ia!? Rt office. 115-117 Manon, nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
>.X awful farrlflce — Lot 50xl4S fe*t. with cozy
oo*ta|te an<3 blacksmith shop renting for 125.
crt corner Fourth and Cijon 5ts. San Rafael-
V.fW: half cash. A. M. SPECK & CO.. C67
Market ft.
A BARGAIN— 7 flats near C:ty Hall and G. O.
»v*. : Fpl^n-Jid condition: always rented; In-
¦ crme fLaC' a year: pays 6 per cent over all n-
l^r.sM. -V.'. G. Griath. r. "11-13. Examiner.
CHEAPEST lols in the Western Addition:
southwest cor. Pine and Lyon sts.; 7 lots 2< I
xl* and 25x?7:€: 112Z0 to »1W». McGLTXX & i
MENTON. room. 22, Chronicle building.
IjTfiC— a SNAP; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
street accepted; stone sidewalk: lot 2SxS3.
PATTERSON & <TO.. 11 City Hall square.
(fi.Vl— LOT on Michigan et.. opposite Union Iron
Works. W. F. McCLURE. 11 Montgomery st.
t2l: r <o — BARGAIN; nww ccttare; 5 rooms; easy
terms. 214 Jersey et.
IF" you have lots to aell north of the Park. th«n
caJI en W. J. GtTXN. E30 California et.
MODERN houses built; lowest prlcee; rlans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
FOR the beet located lots In Richmond and the
cheapest call r-n w. J. GU1CX. £30 California.
nEAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
TO be eo'.d at Callstoga at auction March 2,
at 1 o'clock — Ranch of S9 acres; 12 acres In
grapevine*; 3 acres in orchard; house, barn,
wine cellar, cooperage, farming implements;
oil has be*-n found In neighborhood. Address,
for Information, G. WOLLENSCHLAGER.
saJoon, Battery and PaciSc rta., or W. T.
FIMJIONS. CaliFtoga.
FARM fcr sale at public auction March 2. 1301—
Half rs'.le Sonoma: 37 acres In orchard and
vineyard: furnished house. 11 rooms, 2-story:
bam 4fi;r^: horys. wa«rr»nj». j»ultry. farming
Implements; sale on premises at 1 p. m.
FRANK CHELINI. Sonoma.
CHEAP little town homes: also country prop-
erty: !n eastern Contra Costa Co.; write just
what you <Vpire and receive reliable lnforma-
tlon. r>. MACARTNET. Antioch. Cal.
l«n-ACRE ranch to «>U or trade on easy pay-
ments. W. L. FOSTER. Kelseyvllle, or L.
BERTOK. f2t Stevenson St.. S. F.
M GRIFFIN. 71» Market: rms. 1 & 2; b*IU and
exchanges city and country realty; printed
lists; Ponoma. Santa Clara, and other counties.
WRITE J. "W. HORN, f,2 Main, Petaluma. for
free cory of Sir.r-ma C->. r»al estate bargains.
MILL VALLEV URAL BSTATB.
tHOICE Improved anJ unimproved residence
property for aale; furnished and unfurnished
houses to rent. 6. H. ROBERTS. Real
Estate and Insurance. Mill Valley. Cal.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
WE hare the largest list of Improved and un-
improved city and farm property located in
all parts of United States to exchange. Call
tnfl eee us. HERBERT & CO.. room 710 Em-
ma Ppreckels building:, f27 Market «t.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
- ALAMEDA llC AL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL modern cottage, 6 rooms; lot SOx
ISO; chii:e location; stable, etc.: a sacrifice;
easy terms. A. O. BURXS. ISO! Park St..
A'.arr.efla. ¦
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLA.M) FlttXITCBB FOR SALE.
K.N introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, lith and Franklin. Oakland.
KOOMS FOR. HOL'SEKIiEPI.\G.
~HEST?CUT. 233— Sunny furn. rooms for housed
keeping: cheap; fine view; quiet neighborhood.
CLEMENTINA. 227— Furnished room Xor coupl*
with or without kitchen: no other roomers.
"LL1S. 621— S rooms, newly furnished, house-
k'-»;<:t p. $2 f >: also 2 roomt, til SO; sunny.
"TJLTON, 11$ — Furnished housekeeping rooms
toid others from *4 up; snnr.y.
IROVE. 104— Sunny front room for housekeep-
ing, with kitchen; newly furn.: other rooms.
1AIOHT. 222— For couple. 2 nicely appointed
housekeeping rooms; gas range; telephone;
reference*.
iOWARD. 7«>£— Nicely furnished bay-window
culte; kitchen; man and wife; others. . •
r ACKEON. SCO. near Mason— Furnished sunny,
front, large housekpg rooms. IS; single. 14.
-ARKIN. 804— Large sunny front furnished.
tlO: small back housekeeping room. 15.
ARKIN. &19H— Sunsjr front alcdve rooms, light
housekeeping ; gas etove. bath, phone; prlrate.
'IBERTY. 3SS, near Valencia— Fire or six
large, handsomely furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping; gas etove, piano, phone;
quiet, pleasant surroundings; convenient to
ca—t »«rv desirable.
IXATB — y*on Jasuakt 1. 1301. — ammrrs)
7iIOa Benkaa, Suisaa, Elmira. V»e»iffie,
Hum*** »nd3*cr»iueuto 7tt<1f
":*»* DafU. Woodlaod. Knights Landing.,
Mujifllle. trrottlR.. 7>tSp
T:3O* Atlantic KxpreM— Ozilen aad Eaa* I»il."if
8:Ui»» Martinez, SuiKamou.VaUeJa.3apa,
' <'almtf^ra sml Santa Rosa «xI3p
B:uojl NUes. LiTcraore, Tricy. Lathron,
Stockton 7tl3r
•:SOi Shasta i v>rt m - Dt tU. Williams {tot
llirt.lcts eSpriagsX WUlawa. Had
Blud. Portland. 7t4Sr
• i3»U S»u Jute, Umnioie. Stiic&ton. 0
loue. SaentRK-nto. PHeertiUs.
- lUrTsi Ule, Ciiico. Ko.l l.ltiir 4tl*F
MsaOA naka&Jr. Chinese. !>onor«. Cartais... -Sil-Ir
U:OO* HajwwU. Hiirm and War -S-.»tion». 1 1 1 i»»
0tttO*.Lu> Ancolea Express— MvrUues.
TnaT. lauiropb rtsoektoo. llercva
Fremio mid Lrs Angales Til If
0:30* VtlloR Mrutluex ami W*y Button* Oi I3r
1 t»:U» a Tha Overland J.lu.i ted— Ocden. D«n<
«r. Ommha. Chicago «:-i*r
Ils«OA Kllra. Stockton. Macrnmeuto. Man-
dot*, Fresno. lUuford. V'salia,
Poner»ltto / «»"»
lltOOaLitsnnore. Banser. Gozhen Jon»
tluo. Uikersueld, Los Aageles
iliOOp SneraiiMiutn i:if er St««ni«r» f •*'•***
3:ltttpHi}«uila, Silra anU Waj Station*. Bt43r
<:tli>r Martinez. Kan lUmOw, Vallejo, -
Nitra. CiilHtiHj*. SaiiU R()M Hil'»
4i«»r lteulda, Winters, Baeraiiisnt*
Wootlland. K»i.1it» Lauding.
.MarymUlp, O»o»lSI». I^JlS*
4::i'»p HiywaTiij. Mle» a».l HwtJoat. t*<**.fc
3sOOpNiles.Ursrmore.Stncktoa.Lodl ... lO:t2.t
•3s««rbuo*ei Limited. El Pas* New
Orleans and EmS. «lt>:13*
S:0OrThtt Uwl limited— Traer. Fresno.
Baxenoeld. Naagna lor SmiU Bar-
bnr». Vo» Aarelea. -- ¦••IS*
Ss««r How Orleuw Ejprea»— lUkersflold.
, tiauU llarbtr*. 1 jis Angles. Uow
. - fae. El Puo. New Orisaus and
East 7»8.!»
0:OOr Haivardaj Ni'ai ami d»a JoM 7>4-V«
t«:O«>r V«l!e]t> Ill-M*
tt.ou r Oriental Mail— Og-Iea. Cbeiesso.
Umaha, «. % hic*s i 12:13p
II:O Or Orieutal Mall— Ogdeo, Denrer.
;> Omab*. Cbieuo. 4iI3r
?i**p Oregon aad California Kxi>r«».M*a.
I in "I*"- Marj»llle. lt*l.!ti.*.
rurtlamt. i»»t«t .Muuud am! K«»l S>«3*
¦:«3rSaa Pablo. P»*» Co«U, Uartiaes
shJ War HUtioos 1 1>«»*
l«iO3p Vallrju... 7ri3y
CO 1ST ItlVIMON (Narrow tiauae).
- (Foot ct Market Streets
SiIAa Newark, «>iiter»li!e,Sa i.Imo, Ki-iwu.
UouMnr Crrek.SsnU Cnu and Wsy
tiUUoDS.: •»»•»?
tatlSp Newark, Caotertille. San Josa. N»w
AlimilnD. Feltnn. ItonMer Cr<M>k.
- S*uta Civs aad l'liaelpal War
StaUons.. flo»Jl»»
4il3p Newark, s w Jose, Los Gates »:.%«»%
ofeSOr Huntar* 1 Etsunion. 8«a Jcso and
Way fiUtioos j.f*»*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Trtaim riuacisco— rm «r aat'it suMt(su»s)->
tT;li 1:00 11:00a.m. 1:08- 8:09 8:13pm.
From Oakland— Foot of. Sroadvay.— ft ft TiM
H:««a-m. U:(X 2:00 _^J. ( *I»- n ?;
COAST M VISION (Broatl tUage).
flhirJ »"d TownsaiMl St».)
t«:l»A Ocean Vie*. SonU rt«u Kranei-c... io:U«r
« ;O»» Ba« Jo»» an.l Way Station (N«w
Alinaden Wednemlaj* ouly) ltS*f
••••a Han J<w*. Tie* l'inoa. Hanta, Crna.
Paeilte <3ru*«. l'a»> KoUsa. S.a
¦^ - IjiIs OM«iniw Unit. J.ompoo and
;. Principal Way SUtUiit* ... v <•••»
l»:io» Ban Jiim and Wsy autloua •«*»»
I li.1«i* Haa Jixa and Way HUUow Si30f
i«t«Sr San Mit-o. IUdwood. Menlo Pazk,
Palo Alto. Uaata Clan. Mau Juaa.
Tre« Piaos. Sauta Crux. Salinas.
Moulerey ati«t I'aoifto <«ro»»...... llw'-*™*
fSiSHrSsaJoMaad Way 8Utfcms 2 :i ?l"
i4:13pSaaJo»eauaPrincipa! Way Stations »:13*
13iO»rSan Jo«». Ix>a Gatos and rriucipal
Way Station*.. »»-.••»
3»a«p San Jote au.l PrinclpiU Way Sutluua ¦"*»*•
•:::or San Jess ami Way Stations ?H" o%
qll:45r Sail Jose an»l Way Stations «i3i>»
A for Moniluj ." P lor A f tarnoon.
t 3nndar exepted. * BWaday •¦».
a Mond»rs. Wednesdays, Fridays,
e Tu» idays. Thursdays, a^ndajs.
a Sitiin'uf only.
Santa Fe
Trains—Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Ltm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a S:CO p 4:20 p
:Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a 11:43 a H:C5 p 7:25 p
•• Merced .. 12:23 p 1:17 p 113 a
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:X"> p 3:0Sa
" Hanford.. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:0« a
" Vlsalla.... 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:43 a
" Tulare.... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:95 a
" Bksneld... 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City .2:41 a j 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:13 p I 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
• to BaXersfleld • for accommodation of local
first - class' passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p.m. daily.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:03 a. m. dally.
8:00 d. m. is the Overland. Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free' Reclining* Chair Car. '. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-'
epondlng train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:49 a.* m; daily.
¦ Offices— 441 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land. .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RI. CCl
LE5SSS
SAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
San Francisco to Sari Rafael.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33* S:30.
5:10. 6:20 p. ra. Thursday*— Extra trip ai* 11:34
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at i:M and
ll:J0 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 9:30. U.C0 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00. 8:20 r- m.
?>un liaiiic! to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20,'ll:10 a. nv; t2:4S.
3:40.- »:1O p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:35
and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-S:10. »:40. ll:ia a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
5:05. 6:23 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park.
same schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect J Arrive
Ean Francisco. |Xov. 7. 190O-1 San Francisco.
Week ( Sun- I | Sun-" I Week
Days. I days. 1 Destination, i days. | Days.
":30 am 8:00 am Norato, 110:40 am S:40arx.
»:*>pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:05 pm 10:25 am
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. t 7:35 pm 8:22 pm
Fulton. I
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
8:20 pm 8:C0 am . Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 8:22 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland j I
t 8:00 ami and Ukiaa. ( 7:35 pm| 8:23 pm
7:30 am I0:S am
• 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
. 8:30 pm - 8:22 pm
7:20 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:C0 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pmf 8:22 pm
7:30 amt 8:00 ami 110:40 amllO:S am
3:30 pm! 5:00 pm| Sebastopol: f 7:33 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Gcyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
tor the Geyeers; at Hopland for Duncan
Siirinss. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllie. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Potno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley*s, Bucknell's
Sanhedrln Heights. HullvlHe. Orr's Hot Springs.
MeadociBO City. Fort Bragg. Westport. UsaL
Wllletts. Laytonville. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs.
Harris, OUens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip' tickets ' to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market st.. Chronicle build-
Ing. R. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. ¦ Manager.
9:15 a. H.l wfpv niv* I MOr. *.
1:45 p. M. V WEEK DAYS , g .. a f
4:00f. m.) Stay over nlghtattheTAVEJCf hi):« ». m
¦ «:0Oa;»i.} - i' 1:00 r-.M.
io:on a. u.i QrrvTiAr'5 a.-oo p. *.
11 :T0 a. if . { SU> DATS • <;is p M
1:15P.M.) I S:3lr.ll
Fare. San FrancUco to Summit and Return. >!.?>.
TlcVet Offices. 621 Market St. & Sausalito Ferrr.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Susil.to Ferry— Foot of Jfatket St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via S«Ki*allt* F«rry.
Commencing September 30, 1900.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. —*-*•*
WEEK DAYS— «:55. •S-.lo. 11:00 a. m.. •!:«.
J:15, 4:tt>. 5:15, S:15. 8:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— ror Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
BUNDATS— "8:00. MO:**). 11:30 a. m.. •!:«,
1-15, ••4:45. 8:30. 9:00, p. m.
' Trains marked <*) run to Ban Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FBA'CISCO
t WEEK DAYS-5-.2O. »6:30. 7:45. 9:30 a, m !
•12:30. 1M3, »3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on .Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. - rn.
SUNDATS-6:20. ' fM, 'IOiOO, »ll:tt a. m
•1:40. nJ5. 4:45. »6:30 pt m. - -.
Trains marked - (*) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO*
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 8:45, 7:55. 9 JO a. m "
1T:35, 2:10. JT^O 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:C5. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. J:15. IS)
5:00. «:45 p. m. '
¦ THROUGH TRAINS. - .
6:E5 a. m. week days— Cazadero " and way
stations. '
i 1:45 ' p. ¦ m. Saturdays— Tomales and- way
¦tationa.
8:00 a.' m. Sundays— Tomales and way
stations.
v^~*^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
£*•<&*]§ 620 KEAU3TT ST. Ks'ablisiied
fiRfc SS 1 " |t|3 '* toT the treatment of 1'rlvnt*
Jsa iX jjarm-w.-ises. L«v»t Manhood. Dehlllty or
Bwjjfyfg'lit^as* 'veartnsrnn body ami mirvl and
w^aKff nS}JH SIcln l'i-i«*Hses. The Poctorcur»»wti»n
Kjothers fail. Try him. Charges low.
C*>B»WHyBiSa<*nrf« gnnmnlffd. Callor writa.
Dr. J. *\ til BCO> , Sau Francisco. Cat.
RAILWAY TSAVEL>
i nnr<rs"5"5"ff mnnmnnnry TmnnrsTT)
I THE LUXURY » [
| LIVING j
\% IS ACCENTUATED" IF •
£ YOU TRAVEL EAST ON *
» THE NEW SANTA F.Z 3
C TRAIN. . . IT GOES TO %
g CHICAGO IN 3 DAYS »
£ ..... IT FDRNISHES £
£ PRINCELY LIVING AND £
> IT IS CALLED THE ... *
CALIFORNIA j
LIMITED I
)« e.
Cft SULgJULg, a gJU>_QAfl P_ft 0 g P P t Q Afl $J
sovtbrrii rAfiFiit caxrm.
tTAOiriO STHTS1I.)
Tfil— !•««• ami nr* dnti *• *rrlv« at
man ntAN4:i*<*».
*• (Main Line. Foot of Uaxket Street) *~
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE of the County Clerk? and Vx-of flcio
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors, of th*
Co^^r^ f San Mateo. State of California.
,^°^ ICE °*" SALE OF FRANCHISE.
Public notice is hereby given that on the
0 ' Feb >"uary. A. D. 1J01, W. D. K.
°J B u bO ?' as a rpHcant. made to, and filed
with, the Board of Supervisors of the County-
of s?an Mateo. State of California, a written
application for a franchise and privilege,
which ea!d application was, and is. In the
words and figures following, to-wit:
"To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors
of the County of San Mateo. State of Cali-
fornia:
""Gentlemen: I hereby apply to* your hon-
orable body for a franchise and privilege to
construct and operate a single or double
tracK railroad, of standard gauge, for the
period of fitty years, with the privilege of
erecting and maintaining the necessary poles,
wires and ai'iillances for an electric trolley
system, unon the following public highways
in the county of San Mat<?o. State of Cali-
fornia, to-wit:
"1. Over, ui>on and across the Mission
county road on a center line distant forty
leet. more or less, from Its intersection witu
the westerly line of the right of way of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company at Baden
crosfiini.
"2. Over, unon and acres* that county
road at San Bruno known as San Bruno lane,
adjacent and parallel to the westerly line of
the right of way of the Southern Pacific
Kallroad Comran;-,
"3- Over, upon and across that county
road at San Bruno known as the San Bruno
road, adjacent and parallel to the westerly
line of the right of way of the Southern Pa-
cilic Railroad Company.
, "*• In the townsite known as the Millbrae
villa Tract, along, over and upon that cer-
tain street known as Railroad avenue, which
lies adjacent to the westerly line of the
right of way of the Southern Pacific Rail-
road Company, from the northerly boundary
line of raid Millbrae Villa Tract' to the south-
erly line thereof, with the necessary turn-
outs; and over, upon and across said Mlll-
brp.e avenue, between Railroad avenue an-!
Hemlock avenue, to the southerly line of
said avenue.
"5. Over, upon and across that county road
at Burllngame known as Burllngame avenue,
where San Mateo drive. If extended, would
intersect said avenue.
*"6. Over, upon and across that certain
read known as Peninsular avenue at its in-
tersection with that road In Howard's Bur-
llngame townsite known as San Mateo drive.
"Together with all necessary switches and
turnouts.
"I respectfully ask that your Honorable
Board advertise this application In accord-
ance with the provisions of the act entitled.
'An act to amend an act entitled "An act
providing for the sale of railroad and other
franchises In municipalities, and relative to
grantine of franchises," approved March 23,
1SJ"3. by amending section 1 of said act.' ap-
proved March ID. 1897.
"Dated Redwood City, California, Febru-
ary 12th, 1901.
"W. D. K. GIBSON, Applicant."
And public notice is hereby further given
.that on the said ISth day of February, 1901. in
open session of the said Board of Supervisors,
the said application was read and considered,
whereupon paid board voted, and by resolu-
tion duly adopted, determined and announced
that it proposed to grant said application,
franchise and privilege, and directed that the
fact that an application for such franchise
and privilege had been made to said board,
together with a statement that it was. and
is, proposed by said board to grant the name
L* advertised in The Sen Francisco Call, a
dally newspaper published in the city and
county of Ran Francisco. State of California,
as provided by law and as directed by said
resolution.
And public r.ottcs is h«r-by further given that
the character of th? franchise and privilege pro-
posed to be granted by said board Is to con-
struct and operate a elnglc cr double track
railroad, of standard gauge, with the privi-
lege of erecting and maintaining the neces-
pary poles, wires and appliancos for an elec-
tric trolly system, and the term of its con-
tinuance is fifty years, and the route to be
traversed by said railroad Is over, upon and
across the roads, highways and streets men-
tioned in said application.
And public notice is hereby further given
that pursuant to law and the said resolution
of said board and as thereby, and as therein
directed, the said B<iard of Supervisors pro-
poses to grant the said application, franchise
and privilege prayed for by said applicant,
and that en Monday, the first day of April,
A. D. 1901, at the hour of 10 o'clock a. m..
at the chambers of said board, at the Court-
house In Redwood City, in the county of San
Mateo, State of California, bids or tenders
will be received by said board for such fran-
chise and privilege, and that said board will
then and there, in open session of said board,
read said bids and tenders and consider an-1
act thereon, and will award said franchise
and Drivllete to the highest bidder, and in
accordance with the act of the Legislature
mentioned in said application.
By order of said Board of Supervisors made
and dated this ISth day of • February. A. D.
1501. M. H. THOMPSON.
County Clerk, and ex-officlo Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, of said County of
San Mateo, State of California.
By H. W. SCHABE-RO, Deputy Clerk.
(Seal of Board of Supervisors.)
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices . sent ry
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and" residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
(•DAVIS— In this cltr. February 22. 1901, to the
j wife of Charles Davis, a daughter.
I HALL— In Alameda, February 17, 1901, to the
wife of Edward B. Hall, a daughter.
BERWIN— ZWEREN— In this city. February
17. 1901, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto. Charles
Berwin and Anna Zweren.
MEYER— HYMAN— In this city, February 17
1901. by the Rev. I>r. J. Nleto. Philip Charles
Meyer and May Hyman.
SIMON— WEISS— In. this city, February 10
1901, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Henry Simon
and Ellie Weiss.
DIED.
Barton, Mrs. Jordan. William S.
Blehn, Kate r Maloney. Katherlne j
Chase. James B. Meade. John
Clarke. Allison Mehrmann. Mary L.
Cooney. Michael Nesbitt. Mrs. Sarah '
Crocker, Julia A. Riley, Mary
Davenport. Geo. A. : , Ring, William H.
Davis, John A. J. Seemann. Fred W.
Dlttenhoefer. Dr. T. Stark. Edwin L.
Goldman. Joseph Storey. Frank C.
Greene. Annie E. Voigt. F. R.
Holldorf, Henry B. Webb. Anna M.
Hustedt. John Wentworth. Adelaide
Jaenicke. Lulu Wickert. Jacob L.
BARTON— In this city, at her residence. 207
Duncan street, Mrs. Barton, beloved wife of
Joseph Barton, and mother of Edward J.
and Lillian 11. Barton, a native of Carrick-
bfjr. County Waterford. Ireland, aged CO
years 6 months and 27 days.
lC3f Notice of funeral hereafter.
BIEHN— At the King's Daughters' Home, in
• this city, February 22. 1901, i Kate Blehn, a
native of Germany, aged 75 years.
CHASE— In this city. February 22. 1901. James
B. Chase, beloved father of Harry F. Wil-
liam V.. Thomas D.. Malcolm P. and Sam-
uel B. Chase and Mrs. J. B. Walden a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 73 years 11
months and 19 days.
tC7Frionds are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at Odd Fellows' Hall,
Seventh and Market streets, under the aus-
pices of San Francisco Lodge No. 3, I. O.
0. F.
CLARKE— In this city, February 22. 1901, Alli-
son, beloved Infant son of William and
¦ Emma Clarke, a native of San Francisco,
aged 11 months and 29 days.
COONEY— In Sacramento. February 22, 1901,
Michael, beloved husband of Catherine
Cooney, and father of James J.. William M..
Agnes F. and Teresa B. Cooney and Mrs. G.
W. Ebner, a native of Ireland, aged 69 years.
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
KNIGHTS of Tara— A special meeting will be
- held this (Saturday) evening, at 1133 Mis-
sion street, to arrange for the funeral of the
late Judge Cooney. M. J. CONNOLLY.
CROCKER— In this city. February .22. 1901.
Julia A., widow of the late Clark W.
; Crocker.
KTInterment private, at Sacramento.
DAVIS— In this city, February IS, 1901, John
A. J. Davis, beloved uncle of Mrs. George
King, a native of Kentucky, aged 71 years
11 months and 14 days. (Louisville, Ky., pa-
peis please copy.) .
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-mom>"v
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets, un-
der the auspices of California Lodge No. I.
1. O. O. F. Cremation Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. Remains at. the funeral parlors of
Bunker &Lunt, 2668 Mission street. Mission
Masonic Temple. ..; ¦
DAVENPORT— In this city, February 22. 1901.
George A., beloved son of Frank S. and
Katie E*, Davenport, and brother of James.
William, Gertrude, Frank, Charlie and Fan-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth «t., opposite Lincoln School. #»
' Telephone South SO. - . ¦.'
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
XJ and 29 Fifth st. TeL South 16T.
IUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERJ.
i Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.'
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
The charge for cremation to church members
and members of organizations having presiding
officers and secretaries and their families is
$30. All others $25. Expensive coffins and or-
naments are seldom used. A niche in tha Co-
lumbarian is a monument and saves the ; cost
of a lot and its care and stone work.; Send for
circular. *WMHKtenMMI(MBNHttMBg9sl
, GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.
nlo Davenport, a native of San Francisco,
a«td 1 year 3 months and 25 days. - .
C7 Friends and acquaintances are :" respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday); at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
* the parents, 3C^i Moss street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-. • ' "
DITTENHOEFER — I>r. TlUIe ' Dittenhoefer,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. G. A. FalKensteln.
mother of -Marion and Alma Dlttenhoefer,
and sister of Mrs. J. Hoffman and Alex and
Ike Falkenstein. a native of New York City,
aged* 44 years and 10 dayp.
• ETFuneral notice- hereafter. <
GOLDMAN— In this city. February 21, 1901,
- Joseph. . beloved husband of Lucy Goldman,
and father of "Julia E. apd Joseph H. Gold-,
"man, a native of Prussia, aged 77 years. "
iCTFrlends and acquaintances ure-respect-
1.2 fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
1 (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2055 Ellis street.
OREENE— In' this city. February 22. 1901,
1 Annie E. Greene, beloved mother of Clay,
i Harry and Melbourne Greene, a nntive or
New Hampshire, aged 70 years and 8 months.
HOLL\X)RF-ln this city, February 2t>. 1901.
Henry B.. beloved Bon of F. and the late
8. Holldorf. and brother of Mrs. F. Rulfs
and Anna Holldorf of San Francisco and
Helnrich. Gesine. Hermann. Catharine and
Friedrlch Holldorf of Germany, a native of
Oldenburg, Germany, aged 36 years 8 months
and 4 days.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr A Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Elrhth and Harriscn streets.
HCSTEDT— In this city. February 21. 1901.
John Hustedt, husband of Annie Hustedt.
and brother of Mrs. T. Schnohr. Mrs.-H.
Claussen and Henry and Ntclaus Hustedt, a
native of Elmlche, Amt L«he, Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 3$ years 3 months and 12 days.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
j fuily Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Satutday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission stree*.
Interment Lnurel Hill Cemetery.
JAENICKE— In this city, February 22*. 1901,
Lulu, eldest and dearly beloved daughter of
Susie and the late Christoph Jaenicke, sister
of Etta and Adeline Jaenicke, and niece : of
Mrs. C. Bertelman, Mrs. S. Passet and Mrs.
| P. Dabovich, a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years $ months and 8 days. (Oakland
papers please copy.)
(CfFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 1243 Union street, between
Hyde and Larkin. thence to St. Brigld'-.j
Church. Van Ness avenue and Broadway,
for services at 2:30 o'clock. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery-
JORDAN— In Alameda, February 22. 1901. Wil-
liam S., beloved husband of Sadie J. Jordan,
father of Howard and May Jordan, son of
Elizabeth Jordan, end brother of Emma B.
Jordan, a native of Eneland, aged 43 year*
nod 1 month.
MALONEY— In this city. February 21, 1S01,
Katherlne Maloney, beloved mother of
Thomas J., Mary and James Maloney and
Mrs. S. A. Smith, a native of County Clair,
Ireland, aged 75 years 9 months and IS days.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1216 Mission street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church. Tenth street, where a re-
quiem hisrh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment rrlvate.
MEADE— In this city. February 21. 1901. John,
beloved husband of Mary M«ade, a native
of County Meath, Ireland, aged 75 years.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street,
: where mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 8 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEHRMANN— In Suiter Creek, Cal., February
22, 1901. Mary Lycn, beloved wife of Freder-
; Ick Mehrmanii, beloved daughter of Mark and
: Msr> Lyon, and sister of Llizle, Annie and
! the late Adda Lyon, a native of California,
at«I 35- years 9 months and 20 days.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvlf-d to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, Irvlnglon, Alameda County,
and thence to Holy Ghost Church, Center-
ville, where services will be held for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 1 o'clock.
Interment Catholic Cemetery, Centerville.
NESBITT— In this city, February 21. 1901. Mrs.
Sarah Nesbitt, a native of County Tyrone,
; Ireland, aged 75 years.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 647 Folsom street. Interment I. O. O.
i F. Cemetery.
RILEY— In this city, February 20. 1901. Mary,
wife of the late James Riley, beloved mother
of Michael J., John M. and Mary E. Riley,
and sister of Mrs. Thomas Shewbrldce and
Hannah and Ann Donnelly, a native ct
County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 55 years.
(t7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 32 Chenery street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mas*
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. -. .
RING— In this city. February a, 1901, William
H., dearly beloved son of Annie and the late
Richard Ring, a native of San Francisco.
iryrhe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2100 Greenwich street, thence to St.
Brigid's. Church, Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the reposa of his soul, com-
mencing at 8:30 o'clock.
SEEMANN— In Oakland. February 21, 1901.
Kred W. Seemann. eldest son of Emma and
the late William Seemann, and brother of
Nellie, Grace, Daisy, George, Herbert and
Pearl Seemann • and Mrs. J. Lynch, a native
of Washington, aged 22 years and 10 months.
CSTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 212 Third street, between Alice and
Jackson. Interment Cypress L&wn Ceme-
tery.
STARK— In this city. January 9. 1901. Edwin
Leitch, dearly beloved and youngest son of
Captain W. H. and Mary Stark, and brother
of George, William and Herbert Potter Stark,
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years 2
months and 21 days. •
8TOREY— In Alameda. February 21. 1901.
Frank Cushine Storey, son of _W. B. and
Ellen D. Storey, a .native of San Francisco,
aged 37 years 6 months and 1 day.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of W. B. Storey, 3250 Briggs avenue. Inter-
ment Drlvate, I. O. O. F. Cemetery, San
Francisco. * • , • -
VOIGT— February 21. 1901. F. R. Voigt. a na-
tive of Tllsitt, Germany, aged 67 years.
W*5BB— In this city. February 21. 1901. Anna
M. W«bb. wife of the late Robert Webb, a
native of Dublin, aged 62 years.
WENTWORTH— In this city. February 21, 1901,
Adelaide R. Wentworth, beloved mother of
Mrs. F. E. Weaver of Sacramento. Clinton
Wentworth of San Francisco and Mrs. Lillie
W. Buckins of Petaluma, a native of Maine,
aeed 65 years 2 months and 9 days. (Peta-
luma and Sacramento, Cal., papers please
copy.)
¦ (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock,, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
• Company, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment at Petaluma, Cal., Sunday,
February 24.
WICKERT— In this city, February 21. 1901.
Jacob Lewis Wickert, beloved husband of
Rose Wickert. a native of Germany, aged
84 years 9 months and 27 days.AL WIELAND'S FRIENDS CROWN
HIM KING OF SCHUETZEN VEREIN
A Boy Disappears.
Mrs. Mary Connolly, 126 Valley street,
reported to police headquarters yesterday
that her. son John, a boy 16 years of age,
had disappeared since Saturday. January
27. He was employed in a sign painter's
shop on Stockton street. She was afraid
that two men, John McKee and Thomas
Fahoy, had Induced the boy to go with
them for no good purpose.
Church Gives a Concert.
A grand sacred concert was given last
night at the Westminster Presbyterian
Church at the corner of Page and Web
ster streets for the benefit of the church
organ fund. The musical programme was
excellent. It had besn thoroughly pro
pared and was greatly enjoyed by the con
gregation.
° n .. th u ferry boat.to.the city Wieland
thr o d m b 7, n °i? lng but' wine. He took
tnr. crowd to dinner and in a blushing.
i^P^JP^ner'had-to respond to the
toast "To Our Crack Shot." Up to a late
i" 81 lght w ieland was still buying
SS V?" th - e club and the cruel member?
i!f trSfV'? 1 put hlrri "wise' to the manner
In which Jungblut helped steady his aim.
cesses of the target. It is claimed that
the InkJet hit the next target, but Wieland
was not on. He received a score of 25
for this shot and the congratulations of
his friends. Wieland"s second shot
scored 24, and the third, not to appear
too raw." was scored as 23. Wieland
was In _ ecstasies. He explained that he
knew that he would get in form. The
SSl fa f ll t u h res? rOWd a " fired ' but ~ e ™ <"-
Pacific avenue, shortly after 1 o'clock yes
terday morning. Although Mrs. Crocker
had been ill for some time her death was
altogether unexpected, and her sudden
demise has . plunged her family and
friends in deepest grief.
For more than two years Mrs. Crocker
has been complaining, . but her aliment
was looked upon as the natural result of
advancing years and nothing serious was
anticipated.
When the end came Mrs. Crocker was
alone, save for the attendance of the
maids of her household. The cause of
death was heart failure. Deceased was
60 years of age. She was a native of
Pennsylvania, and came to California in
the early fifties. Her children. Mrs. W.
C. Van Fleet. Henry J. Crocker, Mrs.
Samuel G. Buckbee and Mrs. Robert Mc-
Creary, survive her.
The funeral will take place on Sunday
morningr. The body will be conveyed to
Sacramento and Interred in the family
plat. Funeral services will be held at the
Sacramento cemetery at 12:30.
MRS. CLARK W. CROCXER
SUDDENLY PASSES AWAY
Her Body Will Bs Taken to Sacra
mento and Interred in the
Family Plat.
Mrs. Julia A. Crocker, widow of the late
Clark W. Crocker, died at her home, 2020
reinstating William Price to the rank of
lieutenant in the Police Department,
fojmed a most interesting topic of con
versation among the members of the force
and the Police Commissioners yesterday.
It was the universal opinion that justice
had been done a most deserving and ef
ficient officer. No action will be taken by
the board till the regular meeting Tues
day night Price can be reinstated with
out increasing the number of lieutenants,
as the vacancy caused by the promotion
of Lieutenant Esola to property clerk has
never been filled. It is believed that no
appeal from Judge Hebbard's decision -will
be taken to the Supreme Court.
The ruling of Judge Hebbard applies
with equal force to four members of the
department who have been disrated from
seigeants to patrolmen. They are Bern
ard Harter, Michael Murphy, now on the
retired list; James Kelly and Harry Hook.
Each of these men was disrated several
years ago without trial of having any
charges preferred against them. They
each demanded the right of knowing what
offense they had committed so that they
they could face their accusers, but that
right was denied them. Hook In his in
dignation tendered his resignation, but
after three or four years he was re
instated at patrolman, the rank to which
he had been reduced. It is probable that
Harter, Kelly and Hook, whoarestlll on the
active list, will apply for reinstatement as
sergeants, which would entitle them to
the difference in pay from the time they
were reduced. Murphy will also prob
ably apply to be righted so that he can
draw the increased pension.
Another point that has been raised by
the decision is whether the old board had
the right to summarily dismiss nearly
two dozen patrolmen, three sergeants, two
detectives and Clerk Hall, owing to the
Chinatown scandal about six years ago. The
men were dismissed from the force with
out a trial and without being informed
what charges had been brought against
them or by whom. Several of these men
have been anxious to be reinstated and
now it Is likely that they will make ap
plication for that purpose.
The* decision of Superior Judge Hebbard,
Four Serg«ants. Who Were . Reduced
to the Sanks Will. Now Like
ly Apply to Be Rein-
Stated. ,
Appeal to Supreme Court by
, Commissioners Not Con
sidered Probable.
PRICE DECISION
IS COMMENDED
French Vintage Is Large.
PARIS. Feb. 22.— Official statistics esti
mate the French vintage of 1S00 at 67,352,
6C1 hectolitres, which is an increase of
15.444 .SSI hectolitres over 1SS3. The harvest
ls the biggest since 1&75. About 1.T30.45J
hectare? ¦were planted, an Increase of 32,
717 hectares. The yield per hectare was
thirty-nlr.e hectolitres, an increase of
rleven hectolitres. The value of the har
vest is estimated at 1.261,258.000 francs.
AFTER SHOOTING IN* BAD FORM ALL. DAT AL WIELAND BREAKS THE RECORD BT MAKING THREE PHE
NOMENAL, SHOTS. HE IS CONGRATULATED BY HI3 FRIENDS AND IS NOT AWARE HOW MUCH MARK
ER JUXGBLUT FAVORED HIM.
At a meeting- of the Iroquois Club last
right resolutions were adopted expressing
the sorrow of the members on learning of
the death of Hen. Stephen M. White, and
extending: to the family of the deceased
statesman the heartfelt sympathy of the
members. Following are the resolutions:
IVbereaa. The Hon. ftephen M. White, re
cently United States Senator from California,
has been called to that -ellent ehore. where
Mllrws nev«r break nor tempests roar," and
I-.sf bpfri received Into that "life elyslaa whose
Totals we call Peath"'; and whereas, in his
1-fetime he terved his country both In State
tnd national halls of legislation with excep
tional ability, distinction «nd fidelity, and by
his noble qualities of mind and heart endeared
h:tr.f*lf to the people of this State, and tsx*
oia'.'.y to the Democratic party, of which he
was an h^nDrt-d and enthusiastic member,
thTefTe be it
Resolved. That in hl» death the State and
ration have lest a Ftstesman of sterling worth
tr.d integrity: the Democratic party a beloved
lefdtr and f'ar!e«s champion of those princi
ples of liberty ai.3 human equality whioh are
the fountain head of our national life; his
frmlly a devoted husband and father, and this
c;ub a cheris-hed and honored member and
friend: and he It further
Resolved. That xi-e. the members of the Iro
<j-io1f Club of San Francisco, tender to the
family of the deceased our sincere and heart
felt sympathy, and trust that they mav find
fnme treasure of consolation In the memory
cr the hish ideal?, purity of thought, hone*ty
r-; motive and absolute fearlessness In the
tttft of truth and ripht which governed and
controlled hi» every act In public and private
life; end be it further
Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions
be forwarded to the family r>f the deceased.
.T. V. COLE1IAX,
MAX POPPER.
W. J. CANNON.
J. V. LEMON,
R. P. TROY.
Committee.
H. BIENTTELD. Secretary.
IEOQUOIS CLUB ADOPTS
BESOLUTIONS OF SORROW
D. L. Fuller, the real' estate man from
Brockton, Mass., who was victimized by
three bur.ko men in a room at 271 O'Far
rell street about a u-eek ago. has been
playing detective on his own account
eince. in the hope that he would not only
succeed in arrestinj the men but recover
the money he lost.
Yesterday morning Fuller was walking
aJong Kearry street, and at Bush street
):e espied the man who steered him to the
room and pretended to be his friend. Ful
ler accosted him, and after hearing his
voice he was convinced he was on the
rieht track. He demanded the return of
his money, but the steercr pretended not
to know what he was talking about Just
then a mm approached the steerer, and
In an a^gry voice told him to "Come
aJonsr."
Fuller looked In every direction for a
policeman, but none was In Eight. The
two bunko men ran up Bush street to
Clara lane, which runs between Bush a«d
Sutter streets, and Fuller started in pur
euit. "When they reached the lane the
fteerer wheeled round, and drawing a re
volver threatened to shoot If Fuller per
sisted in following him. Fuller was un
dismayed by the threat and the steerer
thovea the revolver hack Into his pocket
and continued his flight.
When the two bunKo men reached Sut
ter street a car was going west and they
both jumped on it. Fuller was unable to
catch The car. but he ran after it as fast
as he could. At Stockton street the
bunko men jumped off and ran Into a
house or. the east side of tho 6treet. near
the corner. Fuller went to the house.
but was denied admittance, and he had
to give up the pursuit.
Fuller went to police headquarters and
asked if he could without a warrant ar
rest the bunko men, and was told to do
so and turn them over to the first officer
he met. He seemed relieved at the in
formation and intimated that he would
not mi«s his chance again.
He Threatens to Shoot D.
L. Fuller of Brockton
Whom He Swindled.
Eludes His Victim After Being
Chased Several Blocks, but the
Latter Is Determined
to Catch Him.
BUNKO STEERER
DRAWS REVOLVER
At Native Sons' Kail. 414 Mason street,
this evening (Saturday) the Cooks' Asso
ciation of the Pacific Coast. Inc., will give
their first anniversary, ball in the. main
hall and one of the finest suppers of the
season, prepared by the members, will be
served in the banquet room. Admission
tickets 50c, ladles iree. As all the first
class chefs of the coast are members of
this association ; these who enjoy the
good thinsrs of the culinary artshould not
fail to be present and appreciate tfc*ir
efforts. * •,) . b
Grand Ball and Supper.
GLASGOW— Sailed Feb 22-Stmr Siberian,
for New York. •
HAKODATE— Sailed Feb 18— Stmr Marianne,
for San Francloeo. i'
GENOA— Sailed Feb 22— Stmr Hohenzollern.
for New York.
BROWHEAD— Passed Feb 22— Stmr Nomadic,
from New York, for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Com
monwealth, from Boston.
Sailed Feb 22— Stmr Taurlc, for New York.
AUSTRALIAN PORT— Arrived "prior to Feb
22— Stmr Needles,- from SimraDore. etc, for
Vancouver.
MALTA— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Auguste Vic
toria, from New York. •• . .
ANTWERP— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Western
land, from New York. ¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦•' >
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New ¦ York, . for Naples ani
Genoa: ' ¦••¦.¦ v •
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
When William Henry, Earl Poulett,
died in London on January 22, 1899, the
succession to his title and estates 'came
into dispute. The old Earl was thrice
married, and the organ-grinding claimant
to his estate declares himself to be his
eldest son by Miss Elizabeth Virginal
Newman, daughter of a Landport pilot,
whom the Earl married in 1849. The Earls
second marriage was without issue. In
1879 he contracted a marriage, his third,
with Rosa de Melville, daughter of Al
fred Hugh de Melville, and the son of
this union now enjoys the estates and
property which the claimant will attempt
to possess by process of law.
The alleged Karl Poulett has long lived
among the London poor, supporting him
self by organ-grinding. He has given
some study to. the matter of the housing
of the London masses, with whose life
and hardships he is personally familiar.
The old Earl never concealed his hatred
for his organ-grinding son, whom he
characterized as an imposter. . He was to
opposed to his eventually enjoying his es
tates- that he attempted so to involve
and mortgage them during his life that
even if his son were successful in his ef
forts to be recognized as his father's law
ful heir there would be little If any prop
erty for him to enjoy. While the Earl'.-j
son by his third wife enjoys the estates
and uses the title, his claim thereto has
never been confirmed by the courts.' ¦ ¦
LONDON, Feb. 22.— Proceedings have
been started in behalf of Viscount Hinton.
who at one time played an organ in Lon
don streets, to eject the youthful Earl
Poulett from Hinton House, pending the
trial of the question of his right to tho
Earldom- An injunction will be askei
to restrain the present occupant* of the
family estates from using the title of
Earl Poulett.
Organ - Grinding Claimant
Brings the Matter Into
the Courts.
SUIT TO EJECT
EARL POULETT
¦ "To-day ls the birthday of George Wash
lr.gtor., the 'Father of his Country.'. ;• I
do not know what it means to the chil
dren of to-day or the descendants of the
'ragged continentals,' but to those who
assemble in this house of .worship It
should mean much. God bless our coun
try, and all honor to those who vindicated
our Messianic principles."
Kabli . Jacob Nieto in a lecture last
night #iscoursed on the proper interpre
tation of the word "Chosen" as applied to
tho -Jewish people. *
"One hundred and twenty years ago tho
so-called ragged, uncouth, uncivilized
colonists, under the leadership of this
'Cinclnnatus of the West,' whose mem
ory ls celebrated to-day, fought and con
quered the armies "of England, for" they"
fought for an ideal — the ideal of freedom.'
Right and truth were on tiie side of the
continentals and under tha banners of
right and truth they won.
"It is not always that the race goes to
the swift nor the battle to the strong. It
is astounding what a mere handful of
men can do when prompted by an ideal.
The few hundred sharpshooters now do
ing battle in the. Transvaal are capable
of performing wonderful deeds of valor,
for they are prompted by their love for
home. ... '¦: ~ ;'•>
"It is true," said the Rabbi, "that
strength can overpower weakness, and It
is also true that the fit will survive. Read
the history of nations and you will find
that many times have the strong wiped
out the weak; read the history of nations
and you will also find that many times
have handfuls of men been able j to with
stand the assaults of armies and that
great nations have been unable to con
quer email ones.
Rabbi Voorsauger delivered an address
before his congregation last night In
which he referred to Washington as the
"great Cinclnnatus of the West." Dur
ing his remarks he mentioned th& strug
gle now In progress between the people of
the Transvaal and the English empire,
comparing the efforts of the Boers to re
tain their freedom to the early struggles
of the American continentals.
Battles of First President
Fought in Defense of
Right and Truth.
RABBI DISCUSSES
NATION'S FATHER
They all fired and fired, making fairly
good scores, with the exception of Wie
land. Alter twenty-five rounds of am
munition had been burned up Wieland's
score was the lowest on the list. Wieland
ls a popular member of the New Mem-
but they have a whole lot of fun
every time they journey across the bay to
dally with the targets. The crowd yes
terday was composed of _A.l Wieland. J.
F. Leahy. August Jungblut. Billy Zln
kand, Henry Wredden. Fred Bushnell and
several other Jolly marksmen.
A JOURNEY was made to Shell
Mound Park yesterday by a few
new ones in the shooting frater
nity. They are not all crack shot's.
Wieland was willing and took the post
of honor, shooting first. As No. 1 bullet
was discharged a red flag was displayed
by faithful Jungblut behind the re-
It was arranged to let Wieland shoot
first and every shot was to be marked a
bullseye, whether It struck the fence or
burled Itself in the walls. Slebe refused
find Jungblut was " forced Into service.
Wieland was asked by the crowd if he
was willing to enter into a wager. Each
man was to fire three shots, the man who
scored the most in these three shots was
to pay for a dinner for the crowd. All
were to try their level best. •
bers* Schuetzen Club and those present
wanted to encourage him. A counsel of
war was called and it was decided to call
upon Captain Slebe and ask him to of
ficiate as marker down at the target.
¦ Above all things don't .become a drunkard:
use whiskey moderately and use the best. Jesas
Moor* "AA". la the purest and best.
BIG OAK FLAT, Feb. 22.— The blg^itch
that furnishes. water to the Yoscmlte
Gold Mining Company for hydraultc
purposes near Hamilton has broken lr.
four places. One piece of flume 500 feet
long and fifty feet high was carried away
entirely. The loss to the Yosemite GoM
Mining Company, will amount to thou
sands of dollars.
Flood Carries Away Flume.
SEATTLE, Feb. 22.— No livelier, tough
er or more scientifically arranged ring
battle has ever been brought oft In the
Northwest than the one between Senior
Guy Robinson and Junior Paul Harper of
the University o£ Washington, which oc
curred at the old grist mill, Ravenna, at
9 o'clock this morning. The fight lasted
nearly four rounds, and It was a whirl
wind from start to finish, ending In , a
clean knockout. The loser, Robertson,
was carried from the field.
The encounter was brought about In
order to satisfy Robertson for the Indig
nity . he suffered at the hands of the
Juniors of the State University when they
handcuffed him on "Wednesday In an ef
fort to prevent the senior banquet, which
was finally held after the sweets stolen by
the juniors were found in Howard Cos
grove's trunk, and the young ladies Im
prisoned by the lower class men had es
caped from a third-story window by
means of a sheet rope. ,
Robertson- made the affair a personal
issue with Paul Harper, a junior, who he
believed struck him during the struggle
while he was down. Arrangements for
the fight were made last night, and before
dawn this morning the principals and
their respectivo seconds and representa
tives, -timekeepers and all were abroad.
A ring ¦, was staked at the old grist mill.
Marquis of Queensberry rules were agreed
upon. . ¦ •" '¦
From'* the first to the fourth round it
was a hurricane fight. Robertson almost
knocked Harper out in the first round. He
had him groggy but lacked the science
necessary to deliver the knockout blow.
Harper won because he knew more about
the game, and delivered his blow straight
to the mark. Both men were badly used
up, but Robertson much the worse of the
two. '
COLLEGE MEN ENGAGE
IN A RING BATTLE
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E G Roys. Vandalla
G V Warren. Stockton
J Mulroy. Ingleside
J McWUliams. Oaklnd
C H Bradley. Cal
H Kelting. Los Ang
H J Thomas. Gr Vail
O Brown. Oakland I
A Madison, Marysville
J Berman, Cal-
J Cavodle. Cal
GRAND HOTEL*
J L Wilson. Joliet
W A Jewln, Vancouvr
E Harkness. Chlco
E E Biggs. Grldley
W W Webb, Phlla
L L Jewell. Oregon
W H Hammond. Portld
Mrs W Oakes. Taeoma
MIm E M Taylor. Minn
A H Bar & w. Etna
O .Valentine, Peru
A E Coolet, Sacto
C R Baxter, Mich
J W Fewd, Visalla
Mrs I W Kersey. Cal
J B Irish. Cal
MIsS'M Garibaldi. Cal;
T E Clark. Visalla
Miss Emmet. Berkeleyl
Mrs M Emmet; Berkly
Miss HJ*lckes. Stanfd
F J Zehandelaar. Cal
W W Douglas. Sacto
K G Foster, Cal
Mrs J H Welch. Cal
Mrs Coppoch. Cal
Mrs E P Kenyon. Utah
Miss P Beard, Denver
H C Newdart. Denver
Miss J Garibaldi. Cal
R C Berry, Wheatland
L F Reeber & w. Sacto
A Heilbron. Sacto
G A Helm. Fresno/ -.
C S Kehler & vr. Ill 1
PALACE- HOTEL.
J Blakely. U S N
A C Davis. USN
L Loeb. San Jose
W B Struble. Portland
,W R Fales, L Angeles
H L Carson & w. Oak
Mrs R R Coleman.Arlz
Mrs F L. Wright. Ariz
F W Slssor. Ariz
T P Bisland. Coultervt
W J.Graham & w.Tex
A Stuart. Detroit
Mrs W E Dargle. Oak
Miss Dargle, Oakland |
W E Moulder. Oakland I
A O Lovejoy. Stanford !
A E Bolderston. Mo
Mr & Mrs Day. Cal
Mabel Brown. Stanford
Alice Brown. Stanford
W H Chlckerins. Oak
G L Lapsley, Stanford
tV R McKenzie. Portld
IV S Collins. L Anpeles
C A Baldwin, S Clara
B H Lamme. L Ang
A. M Menoy, Portland
F T A Junkln. Chgo
E F Rosa. New York
J P Warren. Stanford
Li C Staples & w, Cal
Mrs D H Miller. Sacto
Dr G Simmons. Sacto
E B Willis & w. Sacto
A A Gamble*. NY
A W King. Hartford
Mrs S P Jordan. N Y
G Charley, L. Angeles
A R Samalener & w,
Colorado
B W Roscoe. JT T
E Butler Jr. N T
A H ,Hurkle. Ohio
J Marx. New York
J Welssenbach & w.
Chlcaco
Mrs G H Love.Somerst
F F I>ive. Johnstown
G TV Ety & w, X T
Miss Ety. New York
F H Haynes, Mass
F J McDonald. ' Mass
T Oakes & vr. N J
Mtss Oakes. N J
H P Dodd & w. N J
W M Strlneham. Ohio
'A A Sherman & vr.
Bollnas
J E Hayes t w. N T
J W Kelly. Ohio
A Hoeber. St Louis
G G Mackay, N T
E M Fisher. Ohio
J D Buckingham. Cfcgo
H M Denny. N T
W M Levlne. N T
L. Heine. Ohio
H L. Pace. Tulare
Miss Mannlnr, Reno
H Hllllara & w. K T
J A Myers. New Tork
O F Humphrey & w,
St Louis
O C Vlckey. St Louie
Mrs T A Barnard. Mo
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
W H I>uftett. Roehestr
A S Colebrook, Rochtr
G T Bradley, Colo
F R Devlin, Vallf Jo
T V Oolden. Vallejo
J G McMillan. Sn Jose
J C Antran, Syracuse
A C Foster, Cal
G L. Lenham, Chicago
C M Wooster. Sn Jose
H Booksin Jr. Sn Jose
O J Moseley. Uklah
M May field. Ill
A E Nutt, San Diego
A Bragg. Nev
X W Williams. Sacto
C XHamblln. Jlmtown
A G King, Colo
H C Carroll & w. Cal
C Knagenhller, Ls Ang
H M Moffltt & w. Cal
A M Cole. Stanford
W L. Barr. Stanford
O G Jones. Stanford "
C A Bowler & w. Cal
Mrs S Manning. Bostn
Mrs M Durgln. Boston
C Brower. San Jose
E J Main, San Jose
M F Cochrane, S Ral
F L Boadman. £"al
C E Snedeker. Butte
J B Mulloy. Cal
Mrs J J Tralnor. Pact©
Miss Stephenson, Sacto
E Van Vechters. Cal
J B Spencer. Chicago
J E Bauman. Chicago
W Chlnn. Cal
G XV Thompson. N Or
O Warren. Stockton
S R Miller. Stockton
L. E Nebergall. Neb'
J Skmart. St Louis
W R Lock & w. Colo
J Reedey, Colo
i - ¦ ' ¦ ... - . - . t m
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1901.
In a Shooting Contest at Shell Mound Park He Breaks the
Record of New Members' Glub by Brilliant Score—Jung
blut Acts Cleverly as Marker at the Rifle Range
14
Hale '** I Sale'*
Spring's New Fixings
Are Here.
— new shades in gloves __ neMr wa/kf haU
'. — new ideas in veilings nBW *#,„,*? ;„ m ~u m
, .. •..'.I," naw effects in suits
— new belts — new nec fa ear
) The store is glistening under the sheen of Spring splendor— a
i charm more may enjoy this season than ever before. We know
you will be interested in some of the details.
_^Jk HTE. JOTJV1N TOS S1.5O are the favortt#« *>.„,.>,
1m£JP&} Eloves verj- popular at homr. We receive" new
«9PStf< P th0 la v. 1 few da >- s ~ ta n. bro^n, mode refl HZ\ m«
¦^^SU and black -5 1 - 5<:) a pair. ¦"' ma3 "
\W**VF LAMBSKIN PIQUES Sl.OO-Are now shown In - tw\
range °t s P rtn « colorings. It's an Imported glove ? (StJSl
V££gr across the water are as careful with what you doi?t ££
J2^I in a glove as what you do). Fastened with two cla«,n,
Fft and st >' le are Perfect. A dollar a pair. C ' as?3 '
The Walking Hats
X^^SU^ (Here's one of the daintiest stylos.)
\M%&&fcM-ijf AT S2.5O— Very stylish hat of rough etraw. fedora shape-
pugaree edged with straw braid.
/$Bf%®( AT S2.75-A Jaunty hat of Hawaiian straw, with velvet
ufflWW//) facing, touched off with brown velvet bow cud quills jn
t/MfyW/ ''/I front, brown, navy or red. ;
/'/////A AT S3.75— Rough straw sailor, broad brim, trimmed Wn
1 " ''//•/ silk drape and bow In. front.
Toilet Soap to-day 5c.
(Yes and other good things from the drug counter.)
500 cakes of scented toilet soaps in various odors have been laid
aside for to-day's special selling at. 5c a ca k e
-BOX KIRK'S TOILET SOAP -MYRKA FRENCH FACE POW-
I9 c-Thc yellow rase-, cakes in gERg| A p BOX
* bGX - 25c- A BOTTLE-Th e Pal^aS
"^^AR JAPANESE R ° SE " "AND r THE^B^sT^RFUM
A BAR * ERY? - Why, Hudnufs. of
—VIOLET TALCUM POWDER course! The oils are of the pur-
i 5C a BOX. 1 est and tnicst extraction.
Peanut Taffy to=day ioc.
(Half-pound bars).
We know it's the purest, freshest and best. We make it ourselves— nothing
but pure molasses taffy and the very best selected peanuts are used.
/¦¦By _^ y *"^(ff&Mrb GOO&§^^^
Market Street, near Sixth, opp. Golden Gate «»e.
1447-49 POLK STREET.
BIBO, NEWMAN & IKENBERG,
BRUSHES,
25 per cent Discount Sale,
3 bottles S2.00
Regular \\ per bcttle.
BLOATERS, smoked, per dozen 35c
Rreul&r 60c p«r <Soz.
SWEDISH ANCHOVIES, spiced. 25c
Regular 40c per pound.
ONIONS, sweet, pickled, psrqt. 25c
Regular SGc per Quart.
HAIRBRUSHES, COMBS, TOOTH-
CITY EGGS, best, per dozen-. I7ic
Rerulax JOc per fioz.
SARDINES, in oil, per tin.... 20c
Borelees. rerul&r *Sc.
CATSUP, Elite, pint bot...... 20c
Regular I'e.
APRICOTS, sliced !n • , h ,•„ , n .
CHERRIES, white '« •-»& tns-IOc
PINEAPPLES, liVJ." per tin-. 20c
Retrclar r5c per tin.
BEER, FredericksburggftScrd^f
Regular €0e fioz.
Regular Jl 20 per doz.
CAL. MUSCATEL, very old, p,;50c
Regular f5c bottle.
CAL. SHERRY. 4yrs old, per gal $1
Regular Jl B0 per gallon.
KENTUCKY BOURBON WHISKEY,
TETjl EAST 272.
We will offer exquisite creations — Summer
\c Waists of elegant materials and graceful styles
TOr OUT —all' highest grade novelties— our own manu-
Spring^opening. ;".fa* ure — at p°p uiar p rices -
TO-DAY TO-DAY TO-DAY
The last of our Great Bargain Sale. Will close out the balance
of odds and ends at ridiculously low prices.
Children's Long What do you think of this? Have you seen our $3.50
Automobile Coats. Silk Waists, Underskirts? .
We have about three or «7 an d « quality— your They're marked on our
four down of the $6 quality ' choice for counters to-day for
¦which will be' closed out at '_' '—_•'¦¦¦• • '
$4.25 $1.75
l£ir"W If y° u llke pretty thinps Children's Good
VCVp r r e n.&%u p a'ut? unlty t0 Ktt Wuslin Drawers. •
C rPmP} ChiffOn FrOntS » BetfngV 1 "'' fTOm ' t0 *"
W~o|f K '^>:v all color»-to-day for «.
\ \ ' 7 ffO Cft Fln * opportunity to buy
X^ a / JJ-H No . 60 Fancy Ribbon, thcuttieonea
/ . heretofore S5c and 30c: to-day Silk Bonnet
/ I ._ at 50 per cent less than res-
/ , . I5C uIar Price. Think of It— all .
¦ Don't forget our CORSET' . •__
. < and HO8IERT DEPART- ;¦ -V y^CX
I — *£** M E N T 8. THREE BI'J X^BJJJjJJIjr i'
c^^Q specials. f;--^ ¦vMBrs^'Y'r
Buy now If you want those $1.50 ThompSOtl V V Ni^f^lSw' .
Children's Black Straight-Front Corsets r * I||BMf
Wool Dresses, for $100 V Uf^M- 75c
. all sizes, worth $2 BO-for . " ..c/-.. j\ J&rKVyM
$1.35 Good idea to get a supply g^^^f li^rjffi
ou" e iT"o a good thlng! A11 Children's (xl'Ribbed 'Nj\xJ vuutr.
Dressina Sacaues Cotton Hbse ' , $1.00
$1.50 9c
• . - : .'"•¦¦'¦¦¦ ' »ii , c«m * - Haven't said a word about
" 5000 yards of Women S Silk our EMBROIDERY DE-
" •. ¦ '¦ , . . , |i_".«»"-- : PARTMENT— but you r will
Torchon Lace, LlSle llOSe. find bargains galor* just
lust' receive fmm ««r P««t double heel ; and toe: Rlche- waiting . for shrewd buyers.
SnbSTite™^ " eu ribbed; all sizes; We- You'll need lots of embroid-
price . lo-aay. ¦_ , ; . ¦ ¦' pretty, summer • garments.
-¦ :. tZr> ,- ' *y/Lr Better ¦". take advantage of
. • - , !.*f*'j . .' A^"** getting them cheap..
1212-1214 MARKET STREET, nd Jone .
* •> . ; MAIL ORDERS- RECEIVED. *
! iiH^^^*^^^ia&Sfe^H
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY and TUESDAY
Granalated Best Cane SUGAR, 13 lls. .$1.00
Extra Dry Sprockets R«flnlnr.
BEST L BROS.' BRAND HAMS 12^3
Our Hams are the Best.
Eastern Sugrar-cured. Regular 14c.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. . .35c
Our Butter Sales have Increased
Our Trade and Made Friend!.
Regular 45e.
CHOICE Point Reyes BUTTER, squaw. . .30c
Reg-alar *0a square. A *
BEST CITY EGGS, dozen. . . .V 20c
From the Mission. Regular 25e.
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS, dozen 17|-;
2 doz. 35c. Regular 20c doz.
PURE JUNIPER GIN, hrgg bot $1.25
Regular (LW.
MOCHA AND JAVA COFFEE, Ib 25c
By Special Request we again
Give our friends a chance
To get the Best Coffee. Reg. 33c
NEW SEASON'S TEAS, lb .40c
6 kinds. Rec. 73c.
LOBSTERS, Eest Undenrod's, can 22^
Rerular £0c.
NEW MILD CREAM CHEESE, Ib 15c
- Regular 20c.
Macaroni, Spaghetti, Vermicelli, box 2Cc
SIOUXSOAP, 9 cakes 25c
Cudahy Soap Works. Res. 6 23c.
IMPORTED SARDINES, 3 cans ........ .25c
Flas Brand. Reg. 12^c can.
BALTIMORE COVE OYSTERS, 3 CM3. ..23c
• Regular 10c can.
MACKEREL, MSSft SAUCE l&s
. Regular 20c can. '•- ¦ - -
PORT AND SHERRY WINE, bot 25c
S Tears Old. Reff. 40c.
FRENCH CASTILE SOAP, 3-lb bar 25o
Virgin Brand. R«sular 30c
SINGAPORE PINEAPPLE, Sliced 15c
Regular 23c can.
GOODS DELIVERED FREE to the house la
Oakland. Alameda. Frultvalo and Berkeley.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of these "Special" sales.
We shl:> free of charge within ICO miles on
all orders exceeding $5. Ask for monthly
price lists — free.
1348-1-54 Market street.
Opp. Seventh. 'Phon« S. 292. No Branch Storem.
BBb^ same shape~"^5§SBK&
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
• DR.MCNULTY.
1-«HI3 Xi-toUL-KSOVrX AND RKLIABLK OLD
. Specialist eurts Blood Poison, OoDorrho»».Oleet,
Stricture, seminal Weatnesj. Impownceand their
•llled Disorders. Book on Diseases of Me.i.fre*
OverCOjreara'experence.Tirnvi reasonable. Hourv
8to3daily :«::»to3.3De»'K«. SandaT.1. Wto 12. Consul-
tatlon tree and sacredly confidential. Call oraddxeaa
P. ROSCOE MeXULTY. M.D.
2C>, KearnySU Han Fran«I»co.Cal-
En Hoffmanettes fin
J" Cigar, d"
THE H1LSON CO.. Makers. N.Y.
X AIT. SADLES ft CO., Distributers, 8u frutUw
They cay Bemhardt is over
fifty and looks but half of
that. Read what a reporter
•who "suped" in the company
has to say in next Sunday's
Call.