Recent Dispatches Announced That
She Was "Suffering From an
Attack of Influenza.
QUEEN OF NORWAY AND
SWEDEN SAID TO BE DYING
dispatch received at the State Department
this aftrmoon from F. B. Loomis, United
fitates Minister at Caracas, there has been
trouble at La Guayra between bluejackets
of the Unitr-d States training f-hip Lan
caster and people injthc town. The blue
jackets were severely beaten.
. It appears from the dispatch that a
number of American sailors went on a
Fpree at La Guayra. During their prog
ress through that place they were set
upon by a crowd of Venezuelans and bad
ly handled.
While details of the Incident are hot ob
tainable here, the fact that Minister Loo
mis deemed it important enough to tele
graph to the State Department makes it
( vidfcnt the matter Is regarded by him as
of a serious character. None of the ofli
< ials at the State Department would say
what action this Government would take
in regard to the assault.
Minister Loomis at Caracas Tele
graphs the Matter to the State
Department.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.— According to a
AMEEICAN JACKIES ABE
ASSAULTED ijj- i^A. GUAYRA
Arrested in Manila by the Military
Authorities for Having Deal
ings With the Rebels. '
NEW YORK, Feb. 7.-A special to the
Sun from Manila says: G. "W. 'Carman,
who was arrested here, charged with
having dealings with the insurgents, was
formerly a resident of San Francisco.
Carman was arrested last year on similar
charges, but was immediately released.
This time, the military authorities say,
they have a. strong case against him.
based on documentary evidence found in
trunks captured from the Insurgent gen.»
rral. Cailles, and the confession of the
Presidente of Pangasinan concerning the
payment by Carman of $100,000 for insur
gent copra, besides Eelling rebels uniform
cloth and supplies, while he was enjoy
ing the 6ole privilege, through the cour
tesy of General Otis, of running launches
through the American lines on the Pasig
River and lake resrion.
CARMAN WAS FORMERLY
RESIDENT OF THIS CITY
•A large' section'^ opposite" the. diplomats, on the right of the
pulpit,, was filled by several hundred guests' of the nobility and
leading families of.| Holland engaged in commerce or. connected
'with thearmy or navy.. The great majority were ladies, .whose
bonnets/ gowns and fluttering' fans looked like a huge.' gorgeous
fiowerybed.' The .gall eries * around . the - three ; sides . were filled
"with guests, -most- of . them < men < in evening dress. -The ushers
Continued on Third Page.
, ; :' On 'the/left; "six chairs, ; reserved for the. marriage j party,
faced , the . pulpit , beyond , ; the rug. j Behind them - .were some
twenty. chairs.- upholstered in leather, displaying the lion. They
were occupied Tby the, ladies of .the icourt. Their, gowns,* all
decollete, , were .of ;emerald. and orange.' pale blue,' white and
pink. 'They' all wore Jong white gloves and necklaces, and had
feathers and jewels in .their hair/ It, was a handsome array,
but a richer display might be seen at many balls In New
York." In the body of -'the church, directly back of them, was
a block of, handsome blue and gilt -uniforms worn by the of
ficers of the court. '., "* |
".The larger' section, of. the church,' on the right of the pulpit,
had , several- hundred Burgomasters, and Aldermen of Holland
cities, the' majority ;ln bottle green,' with' red and golden trim
mings. The corre8pondlng.'section on the left held the mem
bers of the Senate, and .Chamber of Deputies. ' Facing the left
side of .the] pulpit in • front of . the : organ lof t ¦ sat • the ' diplomatic
corps, the flrst;two rows "containing the ladies of the diplo
matic.'circle. In the third sat the American Minister/ Dr. Stan
ford Newell, in. plain ; dress. General Porter, the
United States Embassador to. France,, in • the same ''attire, was
on his left, with' the" British" Minister/ Sir -Henry': Howard, on
his .right. .. - ' - : :
' TKANSVAAL REPRESENTED.
. Dr.'-Leyds, the representative of the Transvaal, had the most
prominent place ln;the" row, with only- the i Spanish ¦ Minister,
Senor Baguer, -between him and' the' British Minister. Sir Hen
ry Howard conversed jwith Mr.* Newell during the hour of wait
ing,','-, but, neverMooked at Dr.'.^Leyds. ;
' The; scene when the ..wedding' guests' assembled.- however,
was magnificent.. Tnere was an acre of many colored uniforms
and. beautiful gowns', with flashing jewels and glittering orders
of the royali personages, and .nobility, and the feathers and
flowers of a; thousand wonderful bonnets in the center. r&--"»'!
: On one side: of -the church was a" square of- perhaps fifty
feet of space.: From trie back rose a bigwhite column with an
'ancient' 'pulpit of carved oak built upon it ten. feet above the
floors. >. Banks of pal ms and white lilies surrounded the pulpit
and were arranged back of Ithe ' railing: A plain' red carpet
covered" the 'floor.; 1 On ; the space' before, the pulpit was a rug
presented, by- sixty noble ladies, of Amsterdam, a square of
crimson velvet with embroidery, ..with ', a .border [ of the royal
arms worked in white; drapery, 1 on the dark blue emblazoned an
orange- liOn. rampant of The Netherlands. / Surrounding the
square between the pulpit and'the rug was a short oaken' rail
ing with a small .table covered with sreen velvet.
WHEN THE GUESTS ASSEMBLED.
by the. people of Amsterdam,' was drawn. by. eight horses with
ofahg'e colors.
Many- of - the stand owners - announced • that -~ the proceeds
would be given- to the widows and orphans of the Boer soldiers
killed in South Africa.- . , ,. . . : / .
'In the white hall of of the Palace of Justice six high of
ficials waited as witnesses. They, with the Minister of Jus
tice.' Genenal Vanderlinden,. were the persons besides the Queen
Mother, and the' GrarTd Duchess Maria, viml two or three clerks,
who'saw. the signlug^ of. the contract. The six witnesses were
the speakers of the two houses of Parliament,* the adjutant
general. Van Bergambacht;..the -Grand' Chamberlain. General
Count du Monceau.-the aid de camp general, and the Vice Presi
dent of the Council of State, 'Mynher "Van Schorer, and the
Chief/Justice. ;
The religious, edifice in which the final eermony was held Is
a.great bare structure 1 of Gothic type, with "white" vaulted
arches.' The -body .'Is filled :with plain box pews.
At 11 o'clock the carriage party emerged from the palace
to proceed to, the Palace of Justice. .Their appearance was an
nounced by a cheer which was heard for squares away, \ Queen
Wilhelmlna passing down the' steps on the arm of the ? uni
formed Duke, with her great white wedding dre!ss sweeping' be-
hind her, and the Queen Mother in purple and , the -.Grand
Duchess Maria" and half a dozen ladies of 'the "court follow
ing In groups, the generals and admirals fairly,, gleaming '; ¦'with'
gold lace and medals, standing at salute on both sides;. makinK
a truly regal picture. The ponderous glided' coach, presented
As the young people pased through the streets such orderly,
good natured crowds were never seen. Policemen 'and sol
diers were few.Through a large part of the route the^ pro
cession traversed the people were left to make way for;; the
cortege as best they might, whlchfthey did with great cheer-
Ing, laughing and squeezing. :
As a spectacle, the procession preceding the marrlageVwas
not noteworthy. Fifty Dutch Hussars rode ahead. Then came
a handful of • court' officials with the" grand master of cere
monies on horseback, then a coach with the Queen and Duke
Henry. The Queen Mothers coach came. after It, -and. .then 1
the chief military officials of the palace, the Governor of ;the
city, two adjutants "on horseback, and, lastly, a group of, fifty
mounted artillerymen. The progress was slow, because, the
procession was frequently obliged to halt while the cheering
populace made way. . Green and orange decorations, with thou
sands of Dutch flags hanging across the -.streets, gave the
route a brilliant appearance. The costuming of the crowd s was
equally high colored. Tho windows and housetops' were
filled and the store windows and yards were crowded, by
many spectators. All tha stands were draped.
THE HAGtTE. Feb. 7.-Qu£en' Wllhelmina's, marriage to
Duke Henry -'of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, who to-day be
came Prince Helnrich-of The Netherlands, was.a-huge
family affair. All Holland, too, came, to The Hague
to participate. These who stayed at their homes in
other cities and villages of • the kingdom celebrated jwith
parades, decorations and .banque.ts.
Never was peen a more beautiful and happy wedding. 1 The
popular belief that it Is a love match gives a romantic color
ing to the. event, which is generally lacking in royal mar
riares. . • . .
The ceremonies were the same simple rites of the Reformed
church by ¦which the. humblest of Queen Wilhefmlna's sub
jects are married. The whole^spirit of the affair was plain
and democratic, although the costly gowns and jewels^ and
the showy uniforms of distinguished personages, high officials
of the kingdom, . the army and the navy and representatives
of the people in Parliament and the municipalities furnished
a regal stage "setting. The venerable pastor, administered to
the bride and groom a caution that their high positions would
not shield them from the common sufferings and sorrows _of
humanity. . ; ¦ i
Queen Wilholmina made a very winning and human bride.
She blushed .and 1 became confused over the ceremonial 'with
the ring, as all brides are supposed to do. while her happiness
and pride over the enthusiasm of her people were plainly
deeper than a mere matter of form. • • • .- ' ¦ • • ¦ < «£
Prince Heinrich was an awkward but stalwart and manly
figure. Either he was forgetful or badly trained -In -the. part,:
for the pastor had to give him two or three hints as tohow
to carry himself. Those sitting near enough to hear, the re
sponses describe, him as saying. • "Ja, meln Her-r," • when "he •'
should simply have replied "Ja." ¦ ¦ ' ' • '
The scene as the royal ccuple stood with clasped hands be
fore the chaplain in a circle of ¦ brilliantly arrayed personages. '.
Including their relatives and people composing ' the highest
families of Holland and the neighboring German principalities,'
was wonderfully gorgeous. ,the masses of variegated coloring,
rendering more effective the blue, gold and white banked up
against the walls of the church. The- building "itself Is. a
cathedral In size, but Is as plain as a Quaker meeting-house in
its furnishings. ',•¦;'..¦
SIMPLE STREET PROCESSION. .
ROME, : Feb. • 7.— The* Pope had a long
conference to-day with the French Em
bassador regarding Tne law of associa
tions bill. It. Is said that his Holiness wi'.t
address an encyclical to the French Cath
olics on the subject. fflffJB
* ¦ ..." ' *'
Confers With the Pope.
of Blue Canyon.
TRUCKEE. Feb. T.-SpTeading of the
rails in the snow sheds just east of Blue
Canyon caused the wrecking of freight
train 211 this evening. Several cars were
piled up, part "of them being thrown to
the bottom of the hill and demolished.*
The snow shed was torn up for a distance
of 300 feet. No. 4 Atlantic express had
passed the point but a few minutes be
fore the wreck occurred. Wrecking crews
have been sent out from here. All trains
will be delayed ten hours or more.
FREIGHT TRAIN WRECKED.
Spreading Bails Cause Trouble East
"De-wet was never surrounded In the
position mentioned, but had his retreat
to the north open. Instructions in the
nature reported were never given or
thought of. We treat enemies who have
surrendered with every consideration."
News four days old from the Dorn River
country shows that the Boers have a base
at Calvina. From that point they have
sent patrols far and wide. Colonel de
LIslo is moving toward them. He lost
Lieutenant Clowes and one man killed in
a skirmish with a Boer patrol. The coun
try is wildly mountainous. British horse
buyers have obtained 4000 good horses anfl
3000 mules in the colony. It was not sus
pected that there were so many animals
available.
CAPE TOWN EDITOR
ARRESTED FOR LIBEL
Accusss Kitchener of: Secretly In
structing Troops to Take No
Prisoners.
CAPE TOWN, Feb. 7.— Albert Cart
wright, editor of the_ South African News,
was to-day arrested for criminal and se
ditious libel, contained in a letter over
the nom de plume "British Officer." which
said that General Kitchener had secretly
instructed his troops to take no prisoners.
Before the Attorney General instituted
the proceedings Me wired to Lord
Kitchener the substance of the letter and
asked if there .was any foundation for it.
Lord Kitchener replied that the state
ment was a base libel entirely devoid of
foundation, adding: *
The report gives elaborate details re
garding the present disposition of the
Boers and British in Cape Colony. It is
announced here that the Imperial Gov
ernment will advance £100,000 for the re
lief of distressed refugees.
CAPETOWN, Feb. 7.— The official report
on the invasion says: "The anticipated in
vasion by Dcwet has not yet occurred, but
it may only be delayed. Maybe there is
no considerable movement. Small bodies
of men continue to dribble across the
Orange River. The largest of these, 200
strong, crossed near Bangor Station five
days ago."
British Defenders Suffer a Loss of
Nina Men Killed and Thirty-
One Wounded.
LOXDOX. Feb. 8.— The latest casualty
list issued by, the War Office reveals an
other attack upon Modderfontein not pre
viously reported from South Africa. This
occurred February 2, the British losing
nine killed and thirty-one wounded. The
previous attack, when the Boers captured
200. occurred January 30.
E0ERS*~S£CONDr'ATTACK~
UPON MODDEBSFOUTEIff
The three men and Pauline Spawn were
bound over to the Superior Court for
trial. Dogan and Hansen were picked
up to-day and are also supposed to be im
plicated in the robberies. Detective
Smith believes that one of the prisoner*
is a noted criminal from the Middle "West,
wanted on many charges, including peni
tentiary breakmg. An attempt will be
made to establish his identity to-morrow.
Hannah Wildgrube. a pretty girl of 1<>.
gave corroborative evidence as to plans
and meetings, describing the return of the
men after the Smith burglary, when Wil
son said the deal was off. Not being Im
plicated in the burglary, she was bound
over to the Superior Court as a witness.
On reaching the house Wilson boosted
Clark up on the front porch, Harbers
keeping watch for them. Clark pried
open the front room window, where Paul
ine had informed him the strong box was
kept which contained the diamond* and
sealskin. Mrs. Smith's cries for help
alarmed "Third Vice President" Wilson
and Harbers and they ran down K street.
Clark made his way through the houso
and got out the front door. According to
the confessions, the three men. the two
girls and Ed Funk all met In the Capitol
Saloon afterward.
According to her confession Pauline told
Clark and "Wilson that Mrs. Smith had
J1C0O worth of diamonds, a sealskin sacque
and valuable underwear. On Saturday
night the projected robbery was talked
over and Detective Smith has learned that
"Wilson, on behalf of the gang, went to
a Tacoma man and asked him to dispose
of the diamonds and sealskin, agreeing
to bring them to him on Sunday 1 night at
S:30 "o'clock. On Sunday afternoon Paul
ine took Clark out and showed him the
Smith home on K street. That evening
at 7 o'clock "Wilson and Clark picked up
Harbers on the street and the trio started;
for the Smith residence.
Clark. Harbers and "Wilson were given
a preliminary examination this afternoon
in the PoHco Court. Clark refused to
testify and entered a plea of not guilty.
"Wilson and JTarfcers went on the sian<t
and made complete confessions, as did
also Pauline Spawn. She 'was formerly
employed as a servant In the Smith fam
ily, leaving shortly before Christmas.
Harbers. Clark and "Wilson are charged
with having attempted to loot the home
of Rev. Lewis J. Smith last Sunday night.
Funk is charged with highway robbery.
He was arrested last night after a con
fession had been madp by the "third vice
president." It Is claimed Funk was Im
plicated in. the holding up of I*. J. Col
lias on the .night of January 31 near the
depot. Collins was robbed of $30 by two
men. Funk emphatically denies his guilt.
Information which resulted In the ar
rests was supplied by the proprietor of
the Cleveland rooming-house, where the
two women and some of. the male mem
bers of the gang roomed. "Wilson styles
himself "third vice president" of an or
ganized gang of thieves, which, he says,
is operating in a numbeV of large cities of
the Middle West. According to him. all
the stolen property obtained In Taeoma
was shinned out to a "fence" tn some
other city.
The suspects are nine in number, as fol
lows: Ed Funk, saloon-keeper: Charles
Wilson, housebreaker: John. Clark, va
grant: Charles Harbers. housebreaker;
Gus Dogan. vagrant: Carl Hansen. va
grant: Joseph DIckson. burglar: Hannah
Wildgrube. servant girl; Pauline Spawn,
servant girl.
TACOMA. Feb. ".—The police have !n
custody a portion of the gang which has
been robbing numerous Tacoraa houses
and holding up men nightly during the
last four weeks. Included in the robber
band are two young women, ¦who to-day
confessed their guilt to the police, giving
the details of a number of robberies.
Special t>isp»teh to Tha Call.
Female Confederates Make
a Full Confession of
Guilt.
TacomaPoliceRound
Up a Gang of
Thieves.
YOUNG GIRLS
MEMBERS OF
ROBBER BAND
SHANGHAI, Feb. 7.— An imperial edict
orders officials to protect foreigners from
insults and to prevent insults being of
fered. It declares that about 100,000 Chi
nese now enjoy safety abroad- .
Protection for Foreigners.
"PEKING. Feb. 7.— General von Troth*
column has p.rrlved at Chahgplnghu,
reaching there to-day."
BERLIN'. Feb. 7.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from
Count von "VValdersee:
Von Troth's Movements.
This matter of punishments is one for
which it is practically impossible for the
Chinese commissioners to assume respon
sibility, as they have made no recommen
dations on this point themselves, although
they have forwarded all threats made by
the foreign representatives. They freely
state that they arc? afraid the court will
refuse to comply with the demand for tha
beheading of certain princes and officials,
in which case the situation must imme
diately become grave. However, nothing
can be definitely predicted in regard to
the outcome until the Dowager Empress
answers the telegrams of her envoys. If
she offers to compromise by giving a few
minor heads it will show she is frightened
and her ultimate compliance with all de
mands may be looked for. However, if
she is defiant and refuses, then..the.,pow
ers will probably force matters. , In such
event the possibilities are too serious for
speculation.
MAKE COUNTER PROPOSALS.
Chinese Plenipotentiaries Suggest
Punishments to Se Meted.
PARIS. Feb. 7.— A Havas agency dis
patch from Shanghai says that, in. re
sponse to the diplomats' communication
relative to the punishments, Prince Ching
and Li Hung Chang made the following
prepositions: Prince Tuan to be exiled to
Manchuria: Yu I>u, formerly Viceroy of
Chili, to be decapitated; Chuang to re
ceive an. order to commit suicide; Ying
Nlen to be condemned to death, but his
sentence to be commuted to life imprison
ment: Chao Su Kiam, Yu Hslen, and his
son. Sin Tong, to be degraded, while Sin
Ton. LI Ping Hong and Kang Yl, who arc
dead, are "condemned to posthumous
execution.
PEKING. Feb. 7.-r-The demand of the
Ministers for the death of princes and
officials makes the situation an anxious
one. at least until the Dowager Empress
replies to the messages sent to her by
Prince Ching and Li Hung Chang, the
Chinese peace commissioners. The en
voys have telegraphed to her a full ac
count of their meeting witih the Ministers
and of the indictment read by the foreign
representatives. They have also sent a
report of the visit they made to Dr.
Mumm von Schwartzcnsteln. the German
Minister, after the adjournment of the
joint meeting with the- Ministers. During
this visit Dr. Mumm von Schwartzensteln
informed Earl Li and Prince Ching that
China must give the heads ask«d for or
there would be no peace. This, in con
nection ¦with a similar statement made by
an attache of the British legation last
Sunday, had the effect of worrying the
Chinese envoys considerably.
Facial Difpatch to The Call.
Should She Prove Defiant
They Will Enforce Their
Demands.
Powers Await Reply
ol China's Dowager
Empress,
MAY REFUSE
TO EXECUTE
THE PRINCES
Dorti^iit in it, and, on comparing, found
:hat the man who bought the cigarettes
ind whose portrait was published in The
1'all were one and the same.
The man. woman and children remained
ibout the store for some time, and then
went down . to the -wharf to go on boanl
the steamship which sailed that night for
Australia and arrived at Sydney on Tues
day.
Glide had not said anything about see
ing the absconding cashier until ppeakln?
with' a newspaper man here to-day.
Bay steamer Beaver— keeps a tobacco and
caridy store within a hundred yards of the
outer wharf at Victoria. The store la fa
miliar to all who have come to this city
by steamer, for he has a sign above it
which reads, "The first chance to buy
:igars and tobacco" on the side seen from
the wharf, and "The last chance, etc.," on
the other side.
Glide said to-day that on January 11.
the day the steamship Miowera was at
the outer wharf loading her freight for
Australia, a man accompanied by a wo
man and two children came Into his store
»nd purchased two packages of cigarettes
and some tobacco. This man, who said
in conversation that he was going out on
the Miowera, Glide says he recognized as
the absconding San Quentin cashier. . He
had the paper near him with Walden's
'ugltive cashier of San Quentin Prison in
California, embodied in the exposnre of
lis peculations by The Call, may have the
•esult of putting the authorities on his
rail. Harry Glide, a pioneer, who came
:o this city on the first steamer to round
:he Horn to Victoria— the historic Hudson
VICTORIA. B. C.» Feb. 7.— The publlea
lon of the picture of C J. Walden, the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Missing Accountant
Passenger on the
Miowera.
¦ ?
Victoria Man Identifies Him
/.From a Portrait in
Tne Call.
WALDEN MAY
NOW BE IN
AUSTRALIA
The body will be placed in the receiving
vault here,, pending shipment to Germany.
The dead woman was the Baroness
Josephine Myer. She was the daughter
of Baron Myer. a rich banker of Dres
den, Germany, where she was born only
twenty-seven years ago. While her father
was «. Jew, her mother was an English
lady, Miss Watson by name, and the sec
ond wife of Baron Myer. Later, while
Jiving in England the family name was
changed to Myrr-Watson, by which a
surviving brother of the deceased is
known. When about 2 1 ) years of age she
became the wife of Count Ritter, a com
modore in the Oerman navy. * She was
subsequently divorced from him, and soon
afterward made her first visit ta America-
While in New. York she married Fred
erick Hamsch, a former employe of
Ooley & Stokes, on Wall street.
Th» frantic young husband seized the
tracking revolver from his dead wife's
hand and attempted to end his own life.
TYiends restrained him. but hi? grief is
pitiable and it is feared hfs reason will
be dethroned.
J-a*t evening: Mrs. Hamsch had not beers
feeling well, and excused herself, leaving
the gentlemen at cards. A moment later
they were startled by the report of a
pistol, and found Mrs. Hamsch dead on
the floor of her room with a bullet hole
through her temple. The bullet was
found on the bed a few feet distant.
The months went by and recently it was
announrf-d that the Hamschs had given
wp Stone Hedge and would live at the
Oountry Club. A house was engaged in
town in which to store their furniture,
l.'nkind tongues whirpercd that the Coun
tess was at tl-e ond of her string finan
cially. If the tales ever came to her
ears the paid no heed, but continued to
• . ...
J>ay her bills.
All at or.ee the Countess disappeared.
For more than a year nothir.gr ¦was heard
from her. Several months ago 1 " she re
turned as Mr«. Hamsch. accompanied by
her husband. The fiurry died out quicker
this time, for she was no longer "the
Countppp," but simply the wife of genial
Frederick Hamsch. The couple took pic
turesque old Stone Hedce and again -set
tled down. The Fame lavish expenditure
of mor.^y was resumed and both to a cer
tain extent entered society, for Mr.
Hamsch was a polo and golf enthusiasm,
tLnd fond of jrayety.
The CountrFs first became known to
Fanla Barbara a few years ago when she
took a place in Montecito. There was a
prcat flurry over the advent of a woman
of title In the community. Overtures were
made to draw her into society, but she
refused all offers and lived a quiet
though mysterious life with her servants
for company. That Fhe was wealthy
•went without Faying, for Fhe had the fin
ost turnout in the country, and though
only leasing the property where she lived.
extensive stables ¦ and other buildings
¦were erected at her expense.
SANTA BARBARA. Feb. 7.^-Mrs.
F*rederick Jlaropch. formerly Countess
Ritter, committed puicide last night at
Montecito by Fending a bullet through
her brain. The tragedy was one of the
moft thrilling and mysterious ever rnact
<*d in this valley. Without a word of
warning, without leaving any explana
tion. Mrs. Hamsch loft a pay and appar
ently happy fireside to send a bullet
through her brain.
Special Difpatch to The Call.
Leaves No Word ol Expla
nation for Her Grief-
Crazed Husband.
FormerCountessRit
ter Dies a Suicide
at Montecito.
BULLET ENDS
THE LIFE OF
MRS. HAMSCH
REGAL POMP IS LACKING
AT WILHELMINA'S WEDDING
All Holland Joins \ in Merry-Making- to ; -^Celebrate, the
- Union of the Queen and Duke Henry^ of iMecklenburg-
Schwerin — Spirit of l^n&^f^0^^it}^]lBei Ceremony
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— SO. TO.
san fr^ncisco,' Friday; February -s, 1901.
Friends of Carman say that his trading
with the insurgents was for the purpose
of getting information as to the move
ments of rebels and was sanctioned by the
authorities.
PLAGUE IS PREVALENT
THROUGHOUT INDIA
More Than Two Thousand Deaths
Occur Weekly in Bengal
Alone. ,
LONDON. Feb. S.— Plague 'prevails In
every part of India, says the Bombay cor-r
respondent of the Daily Express, except
the. central provinces. It is particularly
severe in Bengal, where there is a weekly
mortality of 2500. In Bombay the deaths
reach 93 per cent of the cases. The scourge
is intensified by a lack of an adequate
medical staff, the doctors being chiefly oc
cupied In the famine districts.
telegram from President E. C. Converse,
which stated that the papers for the pur
chase of the stock of Andrew Carnegia
had. been signed, but the deal was not
closed.
President Schwab has been the only
man in the confidence of his chief. Ha
has been a prominent factor In the deaj.
It was said on good authority to-day that- '
he is so closely related to Morgan that
ho will continue to be the head of the
great company and will have greater
power after tiie change than now. It is
now the sentiment in Plttsburg that H.
C. Frick is not an active factor in the
change. He la known, however, to favor
the Morgan control and will probably at
least go on the board of directors. Mr.
Frlck was at his office for a brief time
to-day, but refus«pd to make a statement.
None of the officials of the Carnegie Steel
Company would talk.
It Is probable that announcement will
be made In a few days of the sale of im
portant coal land? In the Plttsburg dis
trict to the Morgan syndicate. Negotia
tions are now being conducted by a Mor
gan representative who is in Pittsburg.
It is the aim of the syndicate to male* lt»
interests Independent of the bituminous
• coal companies.
PITTSBURG. Feb. 7.— An official of the
National Tube Company has received a
DEAL FOB CARNEGIE'S
STOCK NOT YET CLOSED
SCEW YORK. Feb. 8.— A cable to the
Sun from London pays: A dispatch to the
Telegraph from Copenhagen nays that the
Queen of Sweden and Norway is dying.
Recent dispatches announced that Queen
Kophla was suffering from an attack of
influenza, accompanied with swelling: and
severe Inflammation of the throat.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
QUEEN WILHEDMINAVAND-HER-DUCAL, CONSORT.¦ • ¦ ¦ -
IMPRESSIONS, SERIOUS AND OTHERWISE, OF THE INVESTIGATION OF THE POLICE.
' . ¦ ' ¦ .. ' - •¦ ' ¦ i-C'J-'rT:'-'. ' ' • -
Continued on Pago Four.
opposed to it, Mahonev was in the same
position and there the matter ended. Dr.
McNutt'a impression, however, was that
the. plan was going to b«s given a trail with
or without the- commission's approval.
When the plan was presented to the Po
lice Commission Mayor Phelan presentel
the plan and Captain Wittman described
the workines of it. Dr. McNutt had no
further material testimony to offer and
was excused.
Qwong Jim, the Chinese to whom Mayor
Pholan referred, was placed on the stand,
but he became so tangled and unsatisfac
tory in his testimony that a recess was
taken in order that an interpreter might
be found.
HOW THE PHELAN PLAN '
MET ITS SUDDEN DEATH
Police Commission Would Not As
sume Responsibility of Killing
Crime by Illegal Acts.
The afternoon session produced some
important data in the investigation of th*
methods of the Police Department in deal
ing with Chinatown affairs and the social
evil. Judge Wallace, one of the Police
Commissioners, testified that he thought
that Chief of Police Sullivan was honestly
trying to do his. duty, and that the Com
missioners at no time decided to do any
thing but what was perfectly within tha
law. Qwong Jim, a Chinese, who acts as
Inspector of electric and gas lights in
Chinatown, caused hearty laughter b" h:a
evasive questions when detailing how he
approached Agent .Darby Of San Jose, who
represents Mayor Phelan, in the proposi
tion to secure immunity from the' police
in this city's Mongolian quarter, and Dent
Robert, managing editor of the Examiner,
let the cat out of the bag by bluntly 12s
tifying that after search for a ' scoop he
decided to run Chief Sullivan, and the
Polico Department, and the -Chief spollei
the "scoop" by giving the evening papers
the information that Sergeapt Maho.ney
had been removed from command of the
police squad In Chinatown. ¦¦.¦ /
While the commission was at lunch a
deputy sheriff searched for Rev. Dr. John
E. Gardner, the Chinese interpreter and
United States Chinese Inspector, attached
to the Chinese Bureau maintained by the
Government. • .
When the commission resumed work In
the afternoon Qwong Jim < was not present
ond the commission decided to examine
Judge Wallace, one of the Police Commis-
Judge Wallace could give but little in
formation to the committee. He did not
remember if on December 27 last, or at a
subsequent meeting of the Police Commis
sion, the question of licensing Chinese
gamblers and the regulation of the social
evil was diBCUssed. The Judge- stated
that he had read of the matter -in .the
papers, but It had made no particular
impression upon him. • -
¦i.-"There had been some- talk;" said
Judge Wallace, . "of getting the laws
changed. I myself thought that it might
be a better plan for ; the authorities to
have the power - to regulate or prohibit
the evila. * I made some remarks on the
subjeots At the meeting of the Commis
sioners, but made -no -speech. . I stated
that it was Impossible to stamp out the
social evil and it would be i better ; for the
police to have the power.to regulate it
While my ideas were expressed, I stated
that we had no power to do this and that
we: must obey the laws in every par
ticular ;: I told the Mayor and CWef Sul
livan that wo could only \obey the laws
No vote was taken on the matter at any
of the meetings of the commission."
By- Mr. Knowland— "Did. you have a
conversation ¦ with Dr.' McNutt about De-
iner people sent to me and asked me to
use my Influence to defeat Judge Dainger
field for the nomination of Superior
Judge. This I refused to do and this ex
plains ¦why the Examiner has been ham
mering away at us. ever since. This,
however, should not deter us from accept
ing favors even from the devil and 1 am
here as well as you to" learn what I
can."
"Did you make a compact with the man
aging editor of the Examiner," asked
Knowland, "to make Esola Chief of
Police?"
"There Is no truth in the story of a
compact." said his Honor. "It was un
derstood that I was to grant favors to the
Examiner and Esola was its candidate for
Chief of Police. The managing editor
and Esola were close friends, but I had
given no promise and made no compact;
it was simply understood that Esola was
to be promoted. When opposition was
made to his promotion tho Examiner was
enraged. We were begged to make him
Chief of Police if only for a day. We
were told that he would resign the next
day, but we could not afford to do It.
Other than this there was no compact be
tween the Examiner and me."
"Do you believe there is corruption in
Chinatown?" asked Knowlanu.
"I do not," was the reply. .-.'*.;
"Then you would be surprised, Mr,
Mayor, If proof were given of police cor
ruption in Chinatown?"
"No. sir, I would not be," replied the
Mayor. "Chinamen will attempt to bribe
everybody who may. be of advantage to
them. That Is why wo wanted to estab
lish the licensing plan. We wanted to
protect the public and police as well as
keep the Chinese in subjection. W T e
wanted these offenders to know that they
do not have to pay the policeman on the
beat. The plan was simply tentative. I
share the general Impression that Chi
nese are great bribers and policemen are
human. There may be some bribery in
Chinatown and we want to get at it."
"Then you believe that there is bribery
of police in Chinatown?"
''No, I do not say that. I have no more
opportunity of knowing than you have.
I have simply as a foundation common ru
mor upon which you are acting."
•*Have you ever received any informa
tion that bribes were being given and
taken in Chinatown?"
"I have not. . The place has been con
sidered a danger &pot and should be
looked after. There were some newspaper
rumors, but no proofs that were worth
presenting. We had a general belief that
where men had power to break down
doors and arrest people Indiscriminately
thfcre was alw»ys some danger of them
being approach¥d."
"Why did you refute to appoint Esola?"
"Simply because of the public clamor
and tho noise of the other newspapers.
It was not a fight to a finish with us— the
commission and my3clf. We realized that
Esola was not a big man, had a poor edu
cation and had serwd in a small capacity
in the department. We saw that If chosen
Chief of Police his every act would be
misconstrued and so we let him go."
"When you were reorganizing the Police
Department was there any suggestion
that Captain Wlttman • bo reduced in
rank?"
•There was some suggestion of that sort
from the Examiner, but from no one else,
I believe."
"Do you remember that scandal once
was around his name?"
"I do,, but I have forgotten the connec
tion."
"Do you know whether or not he was
then vindicated?"
dence, but hoped to see" the money pass.
That is all I know of the affair. What
the police did can best be told by Mr.
Robert."
Mr, Williams was followed on the wit
ness stand by Police Commissioner New
hall.
. «¦'-
VIGOROUS DEFENSE OF
POLICE DEPARTMENT
Comrnissioners Repudiate Attack and
Express Confidence in Integrity
of tha Various Officers.
Mr. Newhall somewhat sorrowfully de
clared that he has various occupations.
He said that he is a Police Commissioner J
and a farmer.- What necessary associa
tion he has established between the two
ho did not announce. He then related
something of his efforts to Induce^ the
various newspapers to indorse the "pro
posed plan of licensing gambling and
social vice. He declared that. the Chron
icle agreed without reservation, 'the Ex
aminer accepted the proposition with a
reservation against gambling, and The
Call', through its manager, had no ob
jection and practically gave sanction, al
though the manager declared that he
must consult the proprietor before giv
ing ilnal answer.
"Did the Police Commission," asked
Knowland, "ever give to Chief ' Sullivan
any implied or direct power to go. ahead
und test the plan which because of il
legality had been abandoned?"
' "The commission gave no such author*
ity."
"How long have you been a farmer, Mr.
Newhall?" asked Schllllg.
"All my life," was the reply.
' "Do you still believe that the Police
Department is honest?"
1 "I certainly do."
"Do you believe that "the laws of the
State are being violated In Chinatown?"
"Most assuredly I do. As far as
gambling and the. social evil are con
cerned tne laws are being violated. But
the police are doing their utmost to "sup
press gambling. I have made several In
spections of Chinatown and feel that the
Police Department is doing its best in
the matter. I believe that tne proper and
responsible method for conducting this
investigation is before the Police Com
mission. 'If the Examiner were honest
and not prejudiced against the depart
ment, and had .legitimate charges • to
make, it would have presented its accu
sations to the commission." 1
"And do you believe that the Police De
partment la above reproach?"
"I believe that It Is absolutely above re
proach."
Commissioner Newhall then told why
he had • voted tb elect Sullivan Chief of
Poltco. - Efforts had been made to get an
army officer, but without success. Sulli
van Is admittedly a man of absolute in
tegrity and sincerity: of purpose and for
that . reason ' was elected, he | having . of
course'the capacity-to master the details
of the police administration. Newhall was
then excused and ex-Police Commissioner
Dr. McNutt took the stand. •
Dr. McNutt was .asked the . question
which by. repetition has become familiar
and somewhat tiresome. The committee
is seeking: to discover. whether or not tha
Phelan plan to license ctlme 1 was unoffi
cially Indorsed by the Police Commission.
Several witnesses have testified most em
phatically • that when the plan was ' aban
doned as illegal -absolutely no effort was
made to revive 'it either officlallyor un
officially. Dr. McNutt U testified' as the
others. had done that the commission de
termined to have nothing whatever to do
with It. . .
He declared' that if the Chief of Police
had decided to eo ahead with , the 1 plan
he would have to do so; at; his own risk.
Judge Wallace, the witness said, was also
cember 27?" A. — "I cannot remember.
Dr. McNutt is a friend of mine and I al
ways talk to him when I see him."
Q.— "Did you tell Dr. McXutt at any
time that if Chief Sullivan wanted to try
this plan he could do so on his own re
sponsibility?" A.— "I don't remember
having done so."
Judge Wallace then told of how Mayor
Phelan had called on him and discussed
the question of the Judge's appointment
as one of tne Police Commissioners and
that he, the Judge, had told the Mayor
that if a better man could be found he did
not wish the appointment.
The Judge could> not remember if at any
meeting of the Police Commission It was
decided to give a trial to the plan of
regulating Chinese gambling and the
social evil.
Judge "Wallace in reply to questions by
Mr. Knowland said that he favored an
amendment to the Penal Code by which,
in large cities, tho police could have the
power to regulate gambling and the social
evil.
"I realize." said the Judge, "that It is
impossible to prohibit these subjects and
it is better for the police to have the
power to concentrate them and have them
under supervision. I have but few sug
gestions-to'make pn these questions but
I think that they ought to be treated with
common sense."
Qwong Jim was the next witness callett
and. he never even relaxed his features
when some of his answers brought rounds
of laughter from every one in the room
Qwong understands English, but it suits
his purpose to "no eabe" whea it comes
Ho talking about Chinese gambling and
so he was questioned through Rev. Dr
fh a e rd c n e"- S t«^l h^n?u| kS "^ dlaleCt3 **
When asked through the interpreter if
he understood the- rr.nctlty of the oath
administered to him In the morning
Qwong Jim said no., und Chairman Know
1 n !?T r d ,, caused a hearty laugh by saying.
"Well, swear him again."
The oath, which hes no meaning to the
S nt Conf V, ciUfl ' wah then administered
and Qwong Jim was put through a rigid
examination but not the slightest direct
evidence could be secured from him. Suf
ficient was. however, secured from him to
learn, what every one knows, that gam
bling exists in Chinatown.
The more important part* of the ex
amlpation of Qwony Jim wer% ns follows:
_ Q.— Do you x knovr Mr. Darby of San
. ¦ A,->Yes. I do. He is the rent collector
of tho house where I do business there.
I . have been his tenant for. about ten
years.
Q.— Did you telephone to Mr. Darby to
come to S.in Francisco? •
A.— I telephoned to 'my partner in San
Jose to find Mr. Darby and tell him I
wanted to see him la San. Francisco.
Q.— When was that?
A. — About one year ago-.
Q.— Why did you send for him to come
to San Francisco?
- A. — Because he knew a partner of mine
who desired to land In this country and
Mr. Darby could identify him.
' Q.— Were there any other reasons? •
i A.— Yes.
•I Q.— What were they?
A.— It is bard to remember.
Q.— Can you recollect any of the rea
sons?
A.— Well, we talked about the conditions
in Chinatown and the doings of the police
in Chinatown.
• Q.— What reference was made to the
polico? :
A.— We talked about the police becaus
they had been breaking down doors and
some Chinese came to me and asked me
to sec Mr. Darby, wno knew the Mayor
because they wanted Mr. Darby to see
the Mayor and hava the Mayor make tho
police more lenient.
. Q.— Did you tell Mr. Darby that yOu"
would pay him $200 per month to secure
police immunity in Chinatown?
"I do not. I know, nothing of the matter
except from what 1 have read since Its
occurrence." •
"Do you believe that an officer who
has been under suspicion should be in
trusted with responsible duties?"
"If we didn't," replied the Mayor,
"most of us, I think, would be hit.'"
METHODS OF POLICE IN
THE CHINESE QUARTER
Chief Sullivan Was Agked to Believe
Without Proof that an Officer.
Was Dishonest.
"Do you know whether or not any of
the officers of the department have be
come rich in their service?"
"I have never heard any member of the
department accused of being rich."
"Do you or do you not know that Chief
of Police Sullivan v.as given power to put
the licensing plan into operation without
receiving authority .from tho commis
sion?"
"I do not know. I think you might get
that testimony from the commission. * I
have been informed that Chief Sullivan
has arrested every malefactor. This is,
of course, a part of the plan, and a most
important part, but it. is not the whole
plan. Under the enUre plan we would
have to receive the c6-bperation of Po
lice Judges and even of the,- arrested peo
ple themselves." • ¦"
"Is the plan In operation now?"
"No. The police are arresting every
offender and all of . them will ¦• get their
turn. If the Police Judges do their duty
punishment- will be' given. ' The essential
feature of tbe plan is of course' elimin
ated; the police have no agreement with
the Police Judges."- •
The inquiry then turned to the Sullivan
property iri Chinatown. Mayor Phelan
declared that his • brother-in-law, Frank
J. Sullivan, owns a. tenth interest in the
property, which has not been favored by
the" Board of Public Works more than
any other in- Chinatown. The property,
being: In" the heart. of Chinatown, Is sub
ject to the conditions of Chinatown, but
there is no gambling on the premises.
There'ls one lottery place, the Mayor is
informed, , The income is only $1120 a
month.** The property Is-leased to a Chi
nese who has only to pay his rent and
Mr. Sullivan has only to spend his share
of it, which would be only $100, as he has
only a tenth interest In the property.
"Do you think the- lease of property for
immoral purposes would be void on the
score of public policy?" . •
"Certainly, if specified in tho ! lease.
Otherwise It would not be so."
At this point Mayor Phelan was ex
cused. The' Investigators were as far as
ever from a- direct trail leading to a sub
stantiation of the accusations of bribery
in Chinatown. • . . . ffigftq
T. T. Williams, business manager»of the
Examiner, was the next witness. He tes
tified that he had received information
that Sergeant Mahoney was collecting
money from Chinese. "I consulted." he
said, "with the managing editor. We be
lieved that Chief of Police Sullivan is an
honest man. We invited him to a confer
ence, told him what we thought and what
we expected to prove. He said he wanted
to catch the offender and would do every
thing In Ills power. I told himthere could
be no question of police corruption, and I
i" <nh* r instances' where it liad
been detected. Chief Sullivan went away
and we believed that, he . intended to go
i..^.id uti'tiib inatkt. - • . : . .
"We believed that Mahoney was corrupt.
Any man with twenty, or twenty-five as
sistants could ftop gambling if he wanted
to do so. In asking Chief Sullivan to meet
us we. felt we were dealing with an. hon
est, -square man, and If he were put. on
the track of wrongdoing in Chinatown he
would stop it. We did not have our evi-
AT the opening of the -morning
posslon of the investigation the
courtroom was crowded wrth
officials, politicians, prominent
citizens and beneficiaries of the
Mayor's bounty. All came in
anticipation of 'some sensatlon
nl testimony from the Mayor, and they
were not disappointed. His Honor un
bosomed himself and told how he and the
Examiner made politics and government
for the people of San Francisco. Mayor
Phelan made the frank confession that he
•felt obligated to give the Examiner cer
tain favors for having apsisted him. He
declared that he sought to go as far
as he dared to satisfy these obligations of
his newspaper partuer, and In doing this
found himself in a peculiar predicament.
The Examiner wanted him to force his
Police Commission to appoint Fred Ksola
Ohirf cf Police, and he did all In his
power to obey the command until public
indignation and protest forced him to de
sist. The Examlnpr then insisted that he
r« tain Gc-orge Maxwell as secretary of the
Fire Department in order that Sam Rai
ney might kc op his hold upon the depart
ment as a formidable political machine.
Mayor Phelan »aid he balked at this
command of his partner and then the
Examiner, claiming partnership and
mastership of him. yelled fraud
and shoutod that he had violated his
compact. The Mayor paid there waB no
compact, pimply an undemanding that
the Examiner would l>e favored. He In
sisted, however, upon the removal of
Oeorge Maxwell, and the breach between
his Honor and the Examiner widened.
But" the Examfner was insatiable. It
fMT!? to drive its chattels for all they
are worth. Mayor Phelan says the Ex
sminor then demanded of him that he
defeat Judpe Daingerfield in the conven
tion for the nomination for Superior
Judpre. This he declined to do. and now
the Examiner wants to punish him for
his violation of contract.
This was the shameful story of news
paper indecency and official complaisaney
and connivance which Mayor Phelan re
lated yesterday morning. The public has
h* ard much of it, but for the first time
yesterday it received a definite, authorita
tive statement of the character of the
pcandalous compact from one of the par
ties to .the deal In which public interest
was to be sacrificed to private advantage.
When Mayor Phelan took the stand he
was asked a few minor questions on
another subject.
"In your testimony yesterday you Fpoke
of an attempt by a Chinese to bribe of
ficials. Do you know the name of the
Chinese?" asked Knowland.
"I do not, but I can get It," was the
Mayor's reply.
•'Do you believe that the rumors of cor
ruption published In the newspapers are
true?"
"There are presumptions against the
truth of anything emanating from that
source."
"Will you kindly pet me the name of
the Chinaman who offered a bribe to your
friend?"
The Mayor did as he was directed. The
name of the Chinese was given as Wong
Jim, and later he made his appearance In
court. Mayor Phrlan then turned to a
discussion of hSs political partner, the Ex
aminer. In this discussion the thought
which has bex-n an undercurrent in this
Inquiry came to the surface. The Exam
iner was placed in the guise of a prose
cutor against :he Police Department. This
opinion v.as greatly strengthened by the
attitude of Assemblyman Webber, who
has acteri practically a.s a special prose
cutor. Ho was, unfortunately, absent yes
terday. The examination of Mayor Pne
lan Mas conducted by Assemblyman
Knowland.
"Do you believe," asked Knowland,
"that the Examiner Is Inspired by any
malicious motiv€ in this matter?"
"I most certainly do." replied tpe Mayor.
"The Kxaminer attempted to run Ban
Francisco and failed. It was not In the
position of an elective off cer and toad no
responsibility. It therefore" exceeded its
functions, which I conceive to be the pub
lication of the news. It suppressed news
end manufactured what it was pleased to
call news. It Is now seeking to vent Its
fplte upon the Police Department."
"Since we have entered Into this discus
sion of newspapers," said Knowland. "will
vou tell us what were your relations with
the Examiner?" . i S •.'/;.
PHELAN CONFESSES THE
POLITICAL CONSPIRACY
Exposes the Greed of the Examiner
to Rule the Vote Machines
of the City.
"From the time of my first candidacy
for Mayor," eaid his Honor, "the Exam
iner was very friendly to me and espoused
my cause. We got along very well to
gether until after I was elected Mayor
under the charter. The Examiner then
wanted favors, and I was ready to grant
,them within reason. The Examiner want
ed several things. It wanted particularly
fa have Influence in the Police Depart
ment, and presented Frederick L. Eso'.a
os its candidate for Chief of Police.
"I wa» willing to give the Examiner
t>eople what I could in reason and in con
sistency to the public good. When I was
elected Mayor under the charter the Ex
aminer assured me that Chief of Police
I>ecs must' be removed and that Fred
Esola must be his successor. The candi
dacy of Esola was bitterly opposed by the
other newspapers, and while I was will
ing to do much for the*Examiner, I was
not ready to go that far to oblige it. The
Examiner was very much disappointed
when Esola did not get the place.
"Then the Examiner people insisted that
Ceorge Maxwell remain as secretary of
the' Fire Department in order that Sara
Rainey, with whom the paper Is friendly,
might retain his power over the depart
ment. I insisted that for the good of the
fen-ice Maxwell be removed." When this
was done the Examiner declared that I
had made a bargain to retain Maxwell.
This, however, was not the truth.
'On the Saturday preceding the Monday,
on which the convention met, the Exam-
He Lets the Investigating Committee
Into the Secrets of Fantan and
Chinese Trickery.
In response to further questions Qwong
Jim said that he did not proposrs to nee
Mr. Darby for any one's interests besides
those of I.p So. The witness admitted
that on account of his knowledge of Eng
lish he frequently acted for Chinese la
their dealings with white men, but "never
with the police."
"1 often act.'d for the Chinese with
their attorney, Joe Dunne. "When people
were arrested their friends asked me tn
gee Dunne. I never made the same pro
posal to Dunne that I did to Darby. I
never spoke to Dunn* as to securing Im
munity from the police for the gamblers.
I only had dealings with Dunne to get
fines and bonds, reduced forigamblers ar
rested." - ¦ •* - - ¦
Q. — Is Dunne an attorney for Chinese?
A.— I only know that he was attorney
for Do So.
Q.— Did Lo So make the proposal for you
to make to Darby? ; -
A.— Yes. he did.
Q.— Did Lo So want you to make the
same proposal to any one else?
A.— I don't know that he did.
Attorney Dunne then submitted the fol
lowing question: "Were you present a
week ago on Tuesday night in a gambling
house on Rosa alley when the Police
Commissioners visited the place?"
A.— No. I was not there. .
Qwons Jim was then questioned by Mr.
Wright, and in reply the witness said that
Lo So had died two weeks ago. When
ssked where Lo So's body Was buried thn
witness caused a round of laughter by
saying that Lo So's body had been
shipped to China, but the witness could
not name the ship on which the remains
of Lo So were Kent home.
Further questions elicited from the wit
ness that since the death of Lo So tha
partners of the deceased were running the
gambling joints in which Lo So had
formerly had an interest.
Q.— How many partners are there?
A. — About forty.
Q.— Can you ret the list for us?.
A.— No. I cannot; it is too much for me
Q.— How many did Lo So run?
A.— He controlled four or five. He had
an interest in the others.
Q.— Well, who is running the four or five
gambling places now?
A.— When Lo So was taken seriously Hi
the places closed up.
T Q^" A1 L no , runs tne othe r Places. In which
Lo So had an interest?
A.— I am afraid to answer. The conse
quences might bo serious,
Q.— Are .Lo So's former partners still
running gambling joints?
A.— Yes. they are still running them
They play fantan there and everything
else. I never saw white men visit th*
places. The only whlto men who eon "
25rr««v e iiiht.. B * n who nx the €iectriu
Q.— Are you not manager of these flvo
clubs formerly run by Lo So?
A.— No. I am not. If the men interested
want me to do any talking in English
they send lor me. *
Q.— Do you ever act In the matter cf
squaring things, with the police?
A. — I have no power to do so.
Q.— Are Lo So's friends friendly to the
police?
A.— They cannot speak English.
Q.— Have you ever seen the police in
those places?
A.— Yes. they came dressed as Chinese
and broke down the doors.
Q.— Is there any plan between the po
lice and the Chinese gamblers by which
the police . arrest the gamblers once a
month, fine them, and it 13 understood
that no other punishment will be in
flicted? • 1 •-; >
A. — No, I do not know of it.
Q.— Is it not a fact that bodies of Chi
nese are not sent back to China until
a year after their death?
. A.— That is true if the bodies have been
burled, but not so if the bodies have not
been buried.
Q.— Whom do you work for?
A.— I wnrk for the new gas company.
the Equitable. They pay m* a grood sal
ary. I have a business in San Jose, but
took the position for tbe salary. I do no:
work for the Chinese. If any of them
want mo to talk with white men I do no.
The witness was theft excused until this
morning.
¦¦ Louis Lock, official Chinese Interpreter,
testified that he had received a letter
from Mayor Phelan on November 23 last
asking tor a statement of nil case* la
which he (the witness) had appeared in
the Police Courts. ; . '
J. A. Boyle, a reporter for the Exam
iner, told how he had heard that gam
bling was carried on in Chinatown and
that Police Sergeant Brophy w*s accept
ing bribes The wimess stated that he
had informed Chief Sullivan of his infor
mation and that the Chief replied that ha
"managing editor of the
r tlim i n(ir then took the stand. He made
J nervous witness and looked Indignant
when some of his answers caused a
laugh fnThe courtroom. He testified that
«i Iulv. he had a conversation with
Chief Sullivan and that Mr. Williams of
?hi naoer was alen nrescnt.
th -I P tc^d Chief Sullivan." said the wlt-
QWONG JIM REVEALS
METHODS OF BRIBERY
A.— Yes. I made that proposition on be
half of Lo So. who kept a number or
fantan games, since > -we could not get
immunity from the poltce by injunction.
Q.— 4)o you know of money being used
to secure Immunity from the police?
A.— I never heard of it. That can be tes
tified to by thoae who have more money
than I have. (Loud laughter.)
Q.— How do you know that?
A.— Because there are head men among
the Chinese gamblers who control things.
Q.— Do the head men raise money for
immunity?
A.— I don't know of any particulars.
Q.—Do you know of such things being
done?
A.— I don't know it so that I can testify
to it. I never raw it with my own eyes.
I cannot testify to what I have not seen.
(Loud laughter.)
Q.— Have you heard of it being done?
A.— Yes. I have heard such reports. They
were circuited on the streets in China
town. I cannot remember the names of
the people who spoke ot it.
Q.— Were reports freely made among the
Chinese? • ¦/_
A.— Yes. the matter was freely discussed
in Chinatown.
Q.— Whom were you to act for In the
matter of sepinrr Mr. Darby of San Joae?
A.— For Lo So.
Q. — Where does he live?
• A. — He died about ¦ two -weeks ago. (A
hearty laugh followed this reply.)
The secret is out. Mayor Phelan has confessed that for services rendered
Jte agreed to bestow important and valuable -political favors upon the Examiner,
and that one of these favors zvas the control of the Police Department by the Ex
aminer. This startling admission zvas made yesterday by Mayor Phelan at the
legislative inquiry into the affairs of the Police Department. The Mayor declared
that he found his agreement to barter away the gifts of his official position a very
difficult one to keep.
The Examiner zvas exacting: It acted as if it had bought something and
orroganth it demanded the delivery of its purchase. Its managing editor de
manded the position of Chief of Police for his friend, and Mayor Phelan says he
-zi'ould have given it to htm had it not been for public clamor and the opposition
cf other newspapers. • .
Continuing in his revelation of a secret deal, zvhich zvas shameful to all con
cerned, Mayor Phelan then declared that the Examiner insisted that George Max-
¦well be retained as secretary of the Fire Department, in order that its friend,
Sam Rainey, might not lose cmitrol of the department as a formidable political
machine. Again the Mayor could not grant the importunities of his newspaper
¦partner and again he zvas subjected to abuse. Undaunted, the Examiner re
~mained at his heels demanding payment for zvhat it had given.
It asked of Mayor Phelan that he use his official and political influence to de
feat Judge Daingerfield for the renomination for Superior Judge, but the Mayor
declined to interfere. These arc the reasons which he gave yesterday for 1 the attack
upon thc~Policc Department and himself. The public has suspected that such a
compact 'existed betzveen Mayor Phelan and his newspaper associate, but nozv
there can be no doubt of it. Mayor Phelan has confessed that for favors granted
he made a compact with the Examiner, and by the terms of that compact his offi
cial' sheet'' expected him to do dishonorable things. And in this confession Mayor
Phelan contradicts some of the most important public utterances he ever made.
; ¦ . • • * - \
¦ ¦ ¦ - . - . ¦ ..-•¦• • ¦ •';¦; • ...
The;: investigation of the 'Assembly Committee has thus degenerated into a
bitten' controversy betzveen the Examiner and Mayor Phelan. D. H. Robert of
the 'Examiner added to' this phase of the affair yesterday by admitting that Its
and thelpaper he represents arc antagonistic to Chief Sullivan because he would
not give exclusively to .the Examiner the nnvs of the removal of Sergeant Ma
honey from '.Chinatown... .And the only reason that the Examiner demanded such
a favor zvas because its .representatives told Chief Sullivan that they believed
Mahoney to be dishonest. and hoped some day to prove it.
As far as the main, ostensible purpose of the investigation is concerned ab
solutely no progress'zvas made yesterday. The investigators are as far nozu from
establishing police blackmail in Chinatown as they were in the beginning. A
Chinaman swore yesterday that he once offered a bribe to an agent of Mayor
Phelan, but the' agent refused it and the matter zvas dropped. That is as close as
the investigators have got to a proof of official bribery or bla&mail.
— : ! — L . j. , '
Hearst's Newspaper Demanded the Position of Chief of Police and Absolute Control of Police Administration—Mayor
Was Ordered to Leave the Fire Department as a Mammoth Political Machine in Possession of Sam Rainey and to
Defeat Superior Judge Daingerfield Out of a Renominatidn— Sensational Developments in the Legislative Inquiry
PHELAN CONFESSES TO THE POLITICAL CONSPIRACY
IN WHICH HE AND THE EXAMINER WERE PARTNERS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1901.
2
To Prevent the Grip *
Laxative Bromo-Quinine" removes ' the cause. *
To Cnre a Cold in One Day.
t«v«» iJixatir* nrowo Qulnlnw Tablet*. All /
•IrurtfJt* refund tfe money if it fails to ear,. *
E. \V. Grove's »!snaturo U on each box. Be •Up to Date This Season's
Downpour :Is Greater
Than That of Last.
HEAVY RAINFALL
IN CALIFORNIA
REPRESENTATIVES OF STAN
FORD UNIVERSITY IN THE
CABNOT DEBATE.
Hirsch Secures Depositions.
SAX RAFAEL, Feb. 7.-H.- L. HIrsch.
proprietor of the Paost Cafe in San Jose,
was* in this city to-day with his attorney
to take the depositions of several wit
nesses whose testimonv is needed in the
divorce proceedings commenced by. him in
San Jose against his wife, Betla Hirsch.
The deposition- of Joseph Martinez the
alleged co-respondent In the case, was the
most important one tawen. HIrsch claims
that about three months, ago he came to
this city and located his wife and Marti
nez at one of the local motels.' At the tlm
he tried to secure a search warrant from
Justice of the Peace -; Rodden to enable
him •. to search for ' his wife. Later, how
ever, he claims to have secured all th^
evidence necessary. City Marshal Healy"
the hotel proprietor, and his wife and the
gallant -Martlnpz gave their depositions
to-day before County Clerk Graham
BRISTOL. Tenn.. Feb. 7.— The Legislature
of* Virginia -to-day accepted from Tennessee
. th» cesslwa' of one-half of Main street In this
city* as the boundary • I'ne between the two
States. The matter has been la litigation
many years.
FOB PABLIAMENTS OPENING.
Ancient Ceremonial Will Be Ob
served to the Lstter.
LONDOX. Feb. 7.— Doubt as to the na
ture of the ceremonial to be observed at
the opening of Parliament on February 14
has been set at rest by an official an
nouncement that it has been definitely de
termined that King: Edward will open his
first Parliament with a full state cere
monial. The ancient state coa'ch. which
has not been used since the Prince Con
sort's death, will be employed, and it goes
immediately to the coach" builders for the
renovation of its costly panel paintings
and pilt embellishments.- The precedent
of 1S&6. the last occasion on which Queen
Victoria, opened Parliament in person, will
b«i followed. The entrance will be through
the great pates under the Victoria Tower,
the sovereign and his suite passing thenco
to the robing room. It has a black marble
stairway, which for years, has been • in
cased in wood. Thenco .they 'will go
through the gallery and Prince's cham
ber into the House of Lords.
The order of dress for the peeresses
has been drawn up, indicating' that Queen
Alexandra will accompany the Kongr. .The
Peeresses are ordered to vrear black cos-,
tumes with no trains, low-cut dress, black
feathers on the head, and veils. Xo orna
ments are permitted- •
The Kins will wear his full robes, per-,
haps without the crown. All the Peers will
bo in court dress and robes and all the
state officials will be present as at- af draw
iny roo.pi. except that they will wear their
robes. The King will occupy the throne
and the great officers of state will be
grouped around him. •.
It is understood that Sir Arthur Bisr^e.
who was private secretary to Queen Vic
toria, will be appointed private secretary
to the Duke of Cornwall and York.
King: Distributes Medals.
LONDON. Feb. 7.— King Edward con-'
tlnues to distribute medals and other
marks of favor to those concerned In the
funeral services .of Queen Victoria.
Through Lord Roberts he thanks th«
army, and through Mr. Ritchie, the Home
Secretary,* he thanks the police.
slipped it on the same finger of the Duke's right hand. Th*?n
as the chaplain raised his arms in the attitude of blessing, tb.5
couple sank on their knees and there was, a great rustle of
relief after the tension of long listening throughout the cfcureh.
The invocation was brief. The only words distinguished
were the names of Queen Wilhelmina and Duke Henry. This
ceremony had evidently not been rehearsed, because at its con
clusion the Duke started to rise and was almost standing when
thrf chaplain motionod him back and he dropped on his knees
again, turning very red and remained kneeling while another
hymn was sung with heads bowed low. The words of this hymn
were:
"Father, look upon them always in love:
Son of the Father, errant them your grace:
Tliy communion and the spirit of God be their portion forever."
Queen ilhelmina and Duke Henry rose as the wife of the
chaplain handed them a large, blue-bound Bible, in accord
ance with Dutch custom. They then walked back to their
chairs and the audience resumed their.seats with them.
EECEIVE THE BENEDICTION.
The Queen and Duke sat. glancing at one another occasion
ally, while the choir chanted the last verse of the hundred
and thirty-third Psalm. Finally the royal couple arose for the
benediction. After the invocation of the blessing of the Fath
er, Son and Holy Ghost there was a moment's hesitation and
the Duke stepped forward, grasped the chaplain's hands and
shook them cordially. The Queen followed him and also shook
his hand, with.no air of royal condescension, but with a
grateful smile. The minister bowed low over the hand of the
Queen, who bowed lower, almost kneeling.
- After this, without any family greetings, the procession
quietly re-formed and passed down the aisle, while the choir
sang a hymn of Schiller's to Gluck's Joyful music. Before the
nymn was finished the last couple of the royal family was gone
from sight, and with a great chattering and handshaking the
congregation poured Into the aisles and hurried to the doors
for a sight of the procession returning to the palace.
Outside the big state carriage, in which the Queen's mother
rode, with six black horses drawing it. was just rolling a.wa'v
and the military band was playing the "Washington Post"
march, while cheers and shouting filled the air.
Luncheon was given in the palace after the church cere
mony, the two families, the Ministers of State and the wit
nesses attending. The tables were loaded with state plate gold
and silver, and beautifully decorated with white flowers. The
Queen's mother toasted the young couple and Prince Heinrich
responded. The Grand Duke of Mecklenburg pronounced a
toast to which the Queen's mother responded.
The Queen and Prince Henry have bound themselves by
contract In accordance with the statutes to recognize the hus
band as the head of the matrimonial union and to provide for
and educate the children of the union. The husband assumes
the responsibility of representing the wife in all civil actions
and of administering her property, except as he is restricted by
the marriage contract, by the terms of which he renounces
any right to sell or mortgage her landed property.
The wife promises to obey the husband, but by a special re
cent act of the Dutch Parliament she is exempted from the
usual promise tp "dwell with him wherever he deems it best
to live." The contract also provides that the Queen shall al
low the husband interest on 50.000.000 guilders, and that he
shall receive no income from the state except in the case nf
the Queen's death. •
To-night the populace was like a multitude of happy chil
dren. Thousands swarmed through the principal streets
which were nearly impassable, blowing horns, singine the
national hymn, following the bands, smashing hats and lan
terns. Aged housewives with their husbands, from the
provinces joined hands with stylish city folk and danced to
the music of street organs. There was considerable mild
nilarlty Inspired by wine, but no offensive drunkenness. Sail
ors, fishermen and" farmers wore their usual quaint costumes
and a few soldiers mixed with the crowds.
At tfie Haliveld entrance to the Bosch a display of fire
works was in progress. On all the principal streets were il
luminated portraits of the Queen, Prince Heinrich. the Queen
Dowager and Duchess Maria, as well as the national arms
A noteworthy feature of the holiday season was the entire
absence of extortion on the part of the hotels and shopkeenere
and the warm-hearted hospitality with which all strantrer^
were received. The Dutch journalists rented the former
Austrian legation, one of the handsomest houses in the citv
and made a club for foreign correspondents, -who have been
the recipients of universal kindnesses. ¦
CHEERS . FOR' MR. . KRUGER.
UTRECHT. Feb. 7.-This day was a general holiday in honor
of Queen Wilhelmlnas marriage. A crowd assembled in front
of Mr. Kruger's hotel and sang the Transvaal anthem. Mr
Kruger appeared at a window and was cheered. " * *
were court officials In dark blue uniforms with gold epaulettes
and broad lacings of gold across their breasts and down their
trousers, wearing swords and carrying chapeaux. They were
ail stalwart, handsome men. ." _;
A large section of the kerk-on the extreme right of the pul
pit was empty, headed off by high oak panels, decorated with
palms and evergreens.
WOMEN IX GORGEOUS GOWNS.
The seats, except a few chairs within the altar rail, were
filled an hour befor-i noon. From che tremendous pipe organ
occasional strains of music floated out. solemn hymns, with
nothing of the traditional joyous wedding spirit in them.
A' roar of cheers announced the arrival of the bridal party
at half-past 12. They entered the main door, in the vacant
wing of the church, walking up the steps on a strip of red
velvet, under a red and buff canopy, bearing the arms of Hol
land, and proceeding along the nave, through a lane of palms,
to the aisle between the Burgomasters and civilian guests,
fifty feet long, which was draped with blue displaying tne
orange lion.
Before the wedding precession entered the church the great
congregat?on arose and the choir of 100 voices sang, in six
parts, to Hildack's music, the words of the sixteenth and sev
enteenth verses of the first chapter of Ruth: the blue cur
tains were held aside by the court officials, and to this music
the party slowly marched down the aisle.
First came a dozen couples of royal and noble relatives ¦ of
the bride, men in spectacular uniforms, women In rich col
ored gowns, with a great array of jewels. Then, on the arm
of Duke Henry, walked the Queen, in white silver and green,
a heavy diamond tiara on her head, a rich necklace of dia
monds on her neck, with a big diamond brooch on her bosom
and white gloves to the elbows. In both hands she held a
bouquet of lilies of the valley and green, red and long white
satin ribbons.
The Queen and the Duke bowed slightly to the right and
left, acknowledging the salutes of the congregation. Tne
groom ' wore the uniform of a Dutch admiral, and carried ills
chapeau. Mor^e noble couples walked behind.
When the party entered the chancel the Queen and Duke
Henry took the two central seats of six, with the Duke's
mother on his right— a red-faced, stout dowager, gowned *n
white patin trimmed with brown fur and embroidered with
gold. On her right sat Grand Duke Vladimir of Russia, a tall,
bald man with gray side whiskers, resembling the Emperor of
Austria. The bridegroom's brother, a tall. German-looking
Prince, with a light blonde mustache, also in uniform, sat on
the Queen's right. On his right was the Queen's mother. The
other members of the royal families were sealed in rows of
chairs to the left of the altar, while the court chaplain. Dr.
Van der Vlier, a slender, aged man with gray whiskers, arose
in the regulation blacK gown behind the railing and offered a
long prayer In earnest tones. Then the choir sang a Dutch
hymn, "God bless you: Blessed be your earthly and eternal
portion."
The Queen bowel her head low. and the chaplain addresseJ
ths bridal couple for ten minutes earnestly and solemnly.
The only sound which marred the impressive scene was the
sharp clicking of photograph cameras in the press gallery fac
ln£ the royal sextet, .ill of whom noticed the disturbance and
looked annoyed. The Duke fidgeted nervously and blushed un
der the gaze of the congregation, hundreds of opera-glasses
Deing turned in his direction.
The choir then sang another hymn, during which the congre
gation stood, according to Dutch custom, aa those present did
all through the hymns.
QUEEN REMOVES RIGHT GLOVE.
After this the Quaen a.nd the Duke arose and the Queen re
mcved her right glove, disclosing an immense Jeweled bracelet
on her wrist. The minister stretched out his arms and the
couple stepped forward a few paces dlrectlv In front of the
altar railing, standing on the embroidered arms of their fam-
The Queen had handed her bouquet to an aged lady in wait
ing, who laid it on a chair and arranged the folds of her mis
tress gown, which trailed clear across the velvet rug, with tha
gauzy, white veil hanging over it.
Duke Henry took the bride's right hand. For several min
utes they stood there, the sun streaming on them from the
windows of plain glass and thousands of eyes fixed an
them from the ranks of the strong, solemn-faced Dutch minis
ters and burgomasters, the deep, impressive tones of the chap
lam's voice ringing throughout the church as he repeated the
marriage service.
The Queen stood very erect, blushing. Dak© Henry shiftai
his feet nervously and played with his sword. The response
from the bride or groom could not be heart. Finally the min
ister held out a cold plate, from which the Duke took a ring
and placed it on th« third finger of the Quc«n's rlgrht hand.
The Queen took another ring, with a slight fumbling, and
Continued From First Page,
Capitol for WasMnglon.
OLYMPIA. Feb. i.— The .State Senate
this morning passed -Senator Ruth's bill
for the purchare' of the Thurston County
courthouse at Olympia for use as a capi
tol building.
BKAXZMAX MANGLED -•
UNDER I.I0VING. TSAIK"
ZL. HL C. 3ailey Falls From a Car at
Pajaro and Is Instantly-
Killed.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 7.-E. H. C. Bailey,
a. hrakernan en the broad gauge, was In-
Ftar,;!y killed war Pajaro station this
ir.orrj::c.
loe tr;.:r. en which Bailey was workj^g
teft P.iiaro for Santa Cruz shortly before
7 o'clock. I>aii;y started from the caboose
to t!*e beaud far. The night had been very
¦ <i the tops of the cars were covered
frost. While attempting to pas?
from on* car to another Bailey slipped
nnd frll. The body was caught by a
bnJcehook and dragged under the train.
It «ras not discovered until the train
stopped at Watsonvllle.
Bailey va? very popular amor.sr the
•r.iinrnf-n. He had bcrn on this run for
¦boot eSstat months, lie v%"as 32 y^ars of
us* ar.d his horr.<? was in Indiana. He was
to have bees married next month to Miss
Asatc Ad^ork. principal of the Spring
Bcbool at Salinas and a. sister of Countv
Kecorder J. A- G. Adcock. Mr. Adcock
has taken charge of the remains.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb.
".— To-morrow night for the sev
enth time two representative de
bating teams from Stanford and
the University of California will
! compete in the annual contest for the
1 Carnot medal. Stanford will be repre
: rented by C. M. Marrack. '01: J. F. Eng
j lish. 'vl. and "W. A. Morris, '01. The men.
j from Berkeley are \V. B. Greeley, L. E.
j Martin and J. H. Steinhart. The Carnot
; medal is awarded for individual excel
i lence in public speaking, from a fund
i dedicated by the Baron de Coubertin In
] honor of the late President Sadl Carnot.
i The medal becomes the property of the
! winner, and to be a "Carnot man" is the
; -greatest honor that a man can win. In his
.' college course.
The judges for the debate are: Hon.
j William Tnomas, Carter P. Pomeroy and
Judge Cabaniss, all of San Francisco. In
the six previous debates only once has the
honor been won by a Stanford man, and
this in the first debate held in 1S95.
Two of three men who will speak for
Stanford to-morrow night have represent
ed their college before in intercollegiate
debate.
j Cecil M. Marrack is the veteran of the
I team, this being his third debate. He
I has an easy delivery, a frank sincerity
; and an excellent command of language.
J. F. English is next in experience, hav
. ing been a member of last year's Carnot
j team. Graceful in delivery, logical in his
j presentation and convincing in manner,
i he is a strcng candidate for the medal.
W. A. Morris makes his first appearance
i in intercollegiate debating. He is a ready
i ar.d forceful speaker.
The <iuestton which will be discussed to
< morrow nijrht is. "Resolved. That French
j administrative law is compatible with the
! spirit of a democratic government."
The drawing for places was announced.
; at 4 o'clock this afternoon. The afflrm
j ative will be represented by J. H. Stein
hart. U. C; W. B. Greeley. U. C. and W.
! A. Morris. S., in the order named. J. F.
English, S.; C. M. Marrack, S., and L.
E. Martin, L\ C, will uphold the- neg
a BEHKELET. Feb. 7.— The ¦ order in
whi"h the Carnot debaters will speak was
chosen by lot to-day by President Wheel
er. It was a"s follows: Affirmative. J. H.
Stelnhart. California; negative, J. F. Eng
lish. Stanford: affirmative, W. B. Greeley,
California: negative, C. N. Marrack. Stan
ford: affirmative, W; A. Morris, Stanford;
negative. L. « E3. Martin. .California. The
Judges for the debate will be Judfre Ca
baniss of San Francisco, W. A. Thomas of
the law firm of Thomas. Gregory & Chick
ering and Carter Pomeroy, Supreme Court
reporter.
A large delegation of Berkeley students
will leave to-morrow afternoon for Palo
Alto. The debate will be held in the even
ing at Stanford.
REGAL POMP IS LACKING AT THE WEDDING OF QUEEN WILHELMIHA AT THE HAGUE
Syecii! Disratcb to The CilL
KEDQIXG, Feb. 7.— An oM 6ol<3ter, who
might have died in want had it not been
for the benefactions of a friend, was the
sole heir to a snug: fortune at the time of
his death, although he was not aware
that th* money vms almost within hi?
firasp. Charles H. Gray, who was em
ployed as c!erk by M. T. Hill at the Alta
Hcu<« in this city, and resided alone in a
Btt-aU cabin on California street, died In
April last. He was buried at the expense
of his employer an«i faithful friend. He
••ass a \Lleran of the Civil War and for
fourteen months during that gTeat strug
gle was confined in the famous Con
federate prison at Andersonville. He
rt'ttn told of his having assisted in bury
ir.gr thousands of his dead comrades.
About iwemy years prior to his death
Gray applied for a. pension from the
United States Government, He heard
nothing of his application and finally pave
up his <juest for assistance. Ills health
•w as broken by the hardships •which he en
sured. This morning a K-tter was re
• I by Mr. Hill from the Pension De
j artment., It contained a check on the
I'r-.ltt-.i States Treasury drawn in favor of
<"harl*>s H.. Cray for the sum of J^'44. the
amount including the back pay due the
deceased for services during the war and
the pension from the date of application.
iir. Hill states that Gray had no rela
tives Ijvlrrs and as a consequence he will
return to the Pension Department the
money which would have been a fortune
i-> the intended recipient.
<Jray was a native of Pennsylvania. He
til £4 y-ears of ape and a- painter by
trade, but was unable to follow his voca
tion owing to :ll-hcai:h.
Ci.eck for Eight Thcmsand Dollar3
Arrives Almost a Year After
the Passing of Charles
H_ Gray.
Uncle Sam Too Tardy in
Rewarding a Redding
Veteran.
DEATH ARRIVES
BEFORE PENSION
DEBATERS TO STRIVE
FOR COVETED PRIZE
Young Men From the Two Universities Will
Discuss French Administrative Law
for -the Carnot Medal This* Evening
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIili, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1901.
The number of inches, of rain that has
fallen -in California this season is great
ly in excess of that recorded for the cor
responding period last season. Reports
have been received at the local Weather
Bureau from all portions of the State ex
cept the San Joaquin Valley, and the in
crease Is general. Reports from the latter
section are delayed owing to the .wires be
ing down. The following- table elves num
ber of inches of rain that fell in both
seasons: •
Figures From Every Section. Except
San Joaquin Valley Show' a
I^arge Increase in Pre
r • cipitation.
3
STATIONS.
This 1 Last
Season. Season.
STATIONS
Antloch
Pleasan to n
Llvermore •*•
Tracy
Stockton - |
Milton ". ;
Oakdale V ;
Brighten
lone
Sulsun
K I mlra
VacavlUe
Davis
Westloy
Newman
Los Banos ...
Mendota.
Modesto •
Turlock •.
Berenda
Rocklin
New Castle
Auburn '
Colfax
Lincoln . .
Wheatland •
Marysvllle ,
Biggs
Chico
.Vina
Redding
Woodland
Knights Landing •
Dunnigrons
Willows -
Germantown
Corni ng ,
Folsora
Shingle- Springs
Placervllle
Mcnte
Pomona
Colton
Indio
Anaheim
San Pedro
Eureka
Red Bluff
Sacrarriento
San Francisco
Fresno •¦••
Independence .-. .,
San Luis Obispo
Los Angreles
San Dieso
10.13 9.40
14.50 12.62
10.91 9.49
7.69 g.CO
9.90 9.41
H.2S 12.27
10.43 9.51
12.66 13.76
15.63 14. 60
13.16 14.57
15. 45 14.75
15.56 15.45
11.03 10.92
8.50 6.73
S.29 7.49
7.95 5.43
S.22 5.24
S.62 7.6S
8.8J 7.43
W.S6 $.00
17.27 • 13.19
20.70 22.3.1
23.8i) 2S.25
41.53 42.9<>
17.95 IS. 05
' 15.43 13. S3
15. 7S 23.49
13. S5' IS. 61
14.70 IS. 09
16.15 14.50
33.50 | 23.35
13.72 | 13.42
12.19 -14.33
14.52 14.71
12.20 11.58
10.40 11.31 •
17. 5S. .14.15
13.61 - 17. W
24.4S 24.-0
26.15 I 28.05
9.77 | 5.27
17. IS 9.61
12.S6 . 7.C0
2.04 3.37
10.51 4.51
3. IS 5.44
— 35.13
. 17.97 13.23
1 13.22 13.63
14.25 14.57
8.62 6.15
¦ 4.S3 :.w
28.00 12.50
12.59 4.37
5.62 2.05
STATIONS.
This 1 Last
Season. Season.
STATIONS
Antloch
Pleasan to n
Llvermore •*•
Tracy
Stockton - |
Milton ". ;
Oakdale V ;
Brighten
lone
Sulsun
K I mlra
VacavlUe
Davis
Westloy
Newman
Los Banos ...
Mendota.
Modesto •
Turlock •.
Berenda
Rocklin
New Castle
Auburn '
Colfax
Lincoln . .
Wheatland •
Marysvllle ,
Biggs
Chico
.Vina
Redding
Woodland
Knights Landing •
Dunnigrons
Willows -
Germantown
Corni ng ,
Folsora
Shingle- Springs
Placervllle
Mcnte
Pomona
Colton
Indio
Anaheim
San Pedro
Eureka
Red Bluff
Sacrarriento
San Francisco
Fresno •¦••
Independence .-. .,
San Luis Obispo
Los Angreles
San Dieso
10.13 9.40
14.50 12.62
10.91 9.49
7.69 g.CO
9.90 9.41
H.2S 12.27
10.43 9.51
12.66 13.76
15.63 14. 60
13.16 14.57
15. 45 14.75
15.56 15.45
11.03 10.92
8.50 6.73
S.29 7.49
7.95 5.43
S.22 5.24
S.62 7.6S
8.8J 7.43
W.S6 $.00
17.27 • 13.19
20.70 22.3.1
23.8i) 2S.25
41.53 42.9<>
17.95 IS. 05
' 15.43 13. S3
15. 7S 23.49
13. S5' IS. 61
14.70 IS. 09
16.15 14.50
33.50 | 23.35
13.72 | 13.42
12.19 -14.33
14.52 14.71
12.20 11.58
10.40 11.31 •
17. 5S. .14.15
13.61 - 17. W
24.4S 24.-0
26.15 I 28.05
9.77 | 5.27
17. IS 9.61
12.S6 . 7.C0
2.04 3.37
10.51 4.51
3. IS 5.44
— 35.13
. 17.97 13.23
1 13.22 13.63
14.25 14.57
8.62 6.15
¦ 4.S3 :.w
28.00 12.50
12.59 4.37
5.62 2.05
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_
j
FRIDAY.... I
February 8th.
1
1
Our I
Clearance ]
Sals
Begins.
NEW
SHOES. I
You know we've only 1
been in business three
¦ months, and our new stock j
; will be sold at lower figures j
: than other houses sell old ]
• styies. *
PITS, TOO!
We can fit anybody in
any kind of a shoe. This is
one of our strongholds. See
j our windows.
lippitt & Fisher,
945 Market St.
eONE PHOTO
BOTTLE LURtS
MCBURNEY'S
fKidney c £5 l £g r
A thortrajh core tor
pcina la the back,
EPICHT'S DISEASE.
ferule troubles, iacoa-
- Of urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
wctting of children, gravel, jrall etoaea,
drop5T <i:«.be:«*. «nd rhenmatiMa.
FOR SALE AT
THE CmX DRUG CO.. 113 Market rt..
AN'D AT
DAHLBEXDEB DRUG CO, 214 K«rny «t-,
F«n<! 15c in 2c ftunpi to W. F. McBurney.
<:« S. Eprtr.*r *t-, I>o» Anr»l«. Cm.1.. for S
inr< trMttm^n*. Prepaid ** Drngirists.
W. T. HESS.
rOTAET PC2LI3 1K3 ATTORNEr-AT-Ll*.
T«nth Doer. Room 151^. Clans Spreckels B13«.
T»!ephone Brown ffSL.
Residence, tzx California «t-. below PoweU.
Saa Fraacltco.
DR. CSOSSMAS'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For th« cure cf COXORKHOEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES an<J analogous complaint* of the
C<ryant of GereratlcE.
iTlc« $1 a bottl*. For sale by 4ru«lsta. .
, . . ADVERTISEMENTS.
A sale of tinioii-
made suits at $7.85
. February has the reputation *of being the dullest month in the year as
regards business ; indications point to mnexception. But being forewarned is
being forearmed, so we have made concessions that will liven trade a bit
in. our locality.
We have taken a line of suits- that formerly sold at $10.00, $12.50 and
$1^.00, and actually marked the price down to $7.8^. The reduction is big, to be
sure, and rather unusual, but we are anxious to be kept busy, and values like
these make a steady customer out of every purchaser. _^
The suits are single and double breasted sacks, :|S|Tmn^D<^SSiHmls I
i cut in the very .latest style and made from good all- | S U-vUr^^^^^ssal fin
wool material in dark and light effects of cheviots* ;3o '
and tweeds, in grays, olives and mixtures; the lot 'IH ««— B Bi
contains everybody's size up to 44 . J
• A particular feature of the suits is .that they are
\mion made - '
As union labor is the best, you naturally get it in these suits. The wearing
of a suit depends very much upon the making. In addition to the union label
the suits bear our .
"Yeargood'V Label
I which is our own personal guarantee that protects you. The suits are made in
our own factory and we speak of them through an absolute assurance that the
garments are properly made.
Remember, the sale starts to-day, and the price is ;
>
U| Suits for boys
\ Si We announced a sale last week of boys', suits at
Ji^^Si $5.00 ; for the same reason that has prompted the men's
j^^^^^^^x sale above mentioned we will continue this sale of boys'
suits — to liven up February, which is a dull month.
T" he suits are * or boV5 f rom 7 t0 !^ years and are
made from durable, all-wool materials ; -the pants have
double seats and knees, the coat is well made with
strong linings and substantial trimmings, buttons sewed
on to stay, pockets reinforced ; the actual value of the
I|l|p§j5||^ suit from a marketable standpoint is $8.00 ; price now
-'.¦'¦HP $5.OO :. .
HiK fiHi New line of boys' ali-wool sweaters .77. . . ..$1.00
Hf la Boys' hats Fedoras, 90c; Derbys, $1.50
Jgl Out-of-town orders filled— write us for whatever you want in
yjwy clothes, hots or furnishings for wen or boys*
718 Market Street.LITTLE LEFT OF THE
ORIGINAX SCHOOIi BILL
Amendment Follows Amendment and
Adjournment Puts Stop to
. Wrangling.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 7.— The school bill present
ed by Senator I-ardner came up* for a
second •reading to-day, and the Senate
was still workinc on It when the hour
for adjournment came this afternoon, and
by that time the bill looked as if It had
been attacked with an ax. It was amend
ed in half of the thirty-four sections anl
several of those left untouched by amend
ment were stricken out altogether. Tho
bill is one that in its original form gave
great power to a County Superintendent of
Schools. In one place it provided that he
should name candidates from whom the
Supervisors should appoint the School
Trustee's, but this wan amended out of th«»
bill. In another he was required to pass
upon the plans of school buildings and the
contracts for their erection, but this. too.
was amended, and in a third place he waj
required to pass upon all supplies, but
this, too. was shorn from him.
. The election of School Trustees was
changed from July to May. and the elec
tion of teachers was so limited as to mako
it impossible for the outgoing board to ap
point teachers for the ensuing year, and
so bind the incoming board to keep em
ployed teachers not of their own selec
tion. It was found, however, that thin
amendment as adopted amended too. much
of the bill, so the amendment was recon
sidered, and the Senate was still wrang
ling over the rew amendment when the
adicurnme'nt was taken.
The bill was made a special order for
to-morrow morning, and when It has been
finished there will not be much of it re
maining.
COMMITTEE TO VISIT
HOME AT GLEN EIXEN
Junketing Party Beturns From the
South and Presents Bill for
Expensesl
CATA, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEXTO, Feb. ".—Senator Masgard. chair
man of the junket committee that, trav
eled all 'through the south of the, State
last week In search of Information about
public Institutions, suhmitted a resolution
to-day providing for the payment of the
expenses of the rommltteemen. It was
figured that the expenses would foot up
$91" 20. Those who wpnt on the junket
were Senators Ma??ard, Par*, A. M.
Smith, Bettman, -Caldwell. Welch and
Lalnl. They were away a week. The res
olution vffls referred to the Committee on
Contingent Expense?.
By resolution of Luchsinjrer. three mem
bers of the Committee on Finance and
three from the Committee on Hospital*
were aHriwcd lpave of absence In order
to visit the Home for Feeble Minded Chil
dren at Glen Ellen and the State Hospital
at Xapa. It is understood they will leave
on Saturday and be back In time for work
on Monday. The personnel of the com
mittee has not been decided upon.
Little Attention Paid to the
Perfunctoru Protest? of
the Mlnorltu,*-
Lona Deferred Resolution
Is Presented and
AdODled.
ELEVEN NEW
ATTACHES ARE
APPOINTED
pent Liquor Law.
ANTI-SALOON PARTY WINSi
San Diego Supervisors Pass Strin-
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 7.— The anti-Paloon
rlf ment won quit* a victory . to-day be«
fore the Board of Supervisors in securing
the passage of a new liquor law which
will probably result In closing mosj: of
the saloons outflde of the Incorporated
dilfs. It requires the applicant, for a li
cense to secure the signature of*50'per
cent of the electors residing- within the
precinct where It Is proposed to locate
the Baloon. The present ordinance re
quires the signatures of only ten electors.
ANOTHER LINE TO i.;/v : V- :.-;i ;;f ¦¦;
THE PACIFIC COAST
' . ¦¦'/. ¦ ¦ ¦ '
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 7.^The next
transcontinental railroad connecting Den
ver with the Pacific Coast will be built
by the Chicago, Burlington, and Quincy
Railway Company.' The terminal wUl be
at Lyons, thence the road will run alon?
the eastern slope of the mountains to Lar
amie. through the Wyoming coal-field
West of Denver the line wlllbe called the
Denver Short Line. ;--
From Guernsey the road will follow tho
Xorth Platte River and valley to Alcova;
where the Eagle Canyon grade of the old
Ut-ih and Wyoming road has been pur
chased. From Alcova it will run to North
Platte. and Sweetwatcr Junction, covering
the Johnston soda deposits. - '. .
The transcontinental line, follows tho
Sweetwatcr River and valley down the
bottoms of Big and Little Sandy rivers,
crossing the. Oregon Short Line at JCutria
and the Union. Pacific nt Echo.
, .At Salt Lake City the, Burlington ¦will
connect with Millionaire \V. A. Clark's
projected road to Los Angeles.
TO ESTABLISH PRUNE V
AGENCIES IN EUROPE
Directors of the Cured Fruit Associa
tion Plan a Radical
j' ; f ; .:K" Departure. »
SAN JOSE. . Feb. 7.— California dried
prunes are to be thoruughly advertised in
the East and agencies established there
and in Europe in tho hopes of. lifting 1 the
stagnation that now characterizes the
prune market. This is the remedy sug
gested by the directors of the Cured Fruit
Association, and at a mee.ting of the di
rectorate to-day a meeting of the mem
bers of the association was called for
February 21, at 10 a." m., for the purpose
of amending the by-l^ws to give the offi
cials this power. This will practically
take- the selling out of the hands of East
ern-wholesalers and jobbers. The sale of
the. product will also be pushed- abroad
and if t,he power to establish agencies is
granted the directors, President i Bond
who ls> now in .Europe.- will perfect ar
rangements for disposing of the product
there through agencies. ¦ v ¦
It Is also proposed to amend the by
laws t<o that all ofllcials with the excep
tion of president and first vice presideh •
can be removed at pleasure; also thatith^
$200,000 llqbllity the directors , were given
power to create can be used; or any part
of It, for advertising or In other ways
advancing the sale of prunes. .
ness, "that we were investigating China
town «nd that we had evidence of nolice
corruption. The Chief -aid that he was
*orry 10 hear it and I su>rKC-str-<1 th-it we
work tug.ther to f-atch the. guilty police
ofnoers. He acreed to this. . We went
owr the evidence tog*ther. I told him of
the signs put out by the garuiilcrsthat
l?an;l;iirie was «ife and that Sergeant Ma
honey hud civn ordrrs that no raids
x>.f-re to l>e m;id<- witlioiit consultlnp him
The Chief ?aid hr would Iry to eaten Ma
honey in oornij'tinn'. and it was decided
that two poofj nun wene to lie placed on
the Chinatown squad in p] dC e of two men
¦who had resign fd. Tt was agreed that
Chief Sullivan would report everything
to me fo that we could have an exclusive
fiory for the Examiner. Three days later
Sullivan called n 'i m<* and said he feared
The stori**s about Mahoney were true
Sullivan agreed <o put some good detec
tives to watch Mahoney and the China
town squad. Now to show the caliber of
Sullivan I want to tell how he broke faith
with me. I was surprised to read in the
evening papers one dny that he had re
moved Mnhor.oy fro:?. Chinatown.* I 3»nt
'ot Bulllvan nr.d asked him what he
mear.i by cixins: news to the rveniair
T>a5>er» T»r5tho-.it «-on?uli!r:;r me. and he said
that the evening paper* would only make
a 'null item of the- matter, but as we had
oil t!ip details we could make a big story
cf It."
The ' e<;Tnm!j>«lpn thoujrht that llr.
Kobert ha '3 saifl enough for one day and
excused him until this rr.ornlnrr, and then
adjourned until 10 a. m. to-day.
Continued From Page Two.
MAYOR PHELAN CONFESSES
MEDICAL BIIX XJOW
* CERTAIN OF PASSAGE
Shortradge's Amendment Excluding
•Christian Scientists Meets De
feat in Senate.
CAIAj IIKADQUARTKRS. SACRA
MENXP. Feb. 7.— Shortri«l^e"s amend
ment to the Assembly bill regulating the
practice of medicine and surgery was
voted down in the Senate this morning—
ayes 9,. noes 19. The amendment wns
drawn to exclude Christian Scientists
from the restraints and penalties of the
bill.
ShortrldRe spoke earnestly in support of
his amendment. lie said osteopaths and
Christian Scientists would be prevented
irom practicing. The Christian Scientists
are numerous, sincere and honest, Shori
rldge said, and their ranks embrace many
intelligent ana distinguished persons.
Simpson also supported the amend
ment. He believed in tho right of every
person to choose his own doctor and
method of treatment. It was- wrong? • to
put the control of medical practice in tno
hands of a privileged few. Christian
Scientists were called quacks, but Jesus
was not a auack when he healed the sick
and cured the leper, and those who follow
In his footsteps, said Simpson, deserve
something better than to be treated as
humbugs. Rowell opposed the amend
ment, which he sa'.d struck at the vital
part- of the bill. He said the object of the
measure -was to prevent the practice of
medicine by incompetent persona and 'o
elevate the standard of medicine for the
protection of th'e public.
The final passage of the bill is a fore
gone conclusion. . . .
Special Diypatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 7.—
Registrar KUiott has posted the list of
provisional graduates next May. There
are 149 names, of which 31 are in law and
12 in English. The list follows:
Classical rhilology-F. C. Murgotten, E. L.
K<^a. Miss ML Weir.
I-atin— Miss Helen Dorset. Miss Ci. Evan*.
Miss I-uey France. Miss A. L,. Hamilton. Miss
M Moroilth. A. N. Merritt. Miss F. Taylor.
Miss V. Townscnd. Miss «. K. Turner, Miss J.
Wagner. J. S. Sn*U.
German-Miss B. n. Bacher. Mi*s L M.
r»rv<r. Miss If. M. Hobu-. Miss C. D. Keller.
Miss IT. Merritt. Miss E. K. Iloth.
Romanic Languages-Miss S. D. Barnwcll,
Miss V. Nicolas, Miss It. M. Shaw.«
Knellph— F. C. Bailey. L. M. Rowmqn. C.
M Bradley. Miss K. H. Cone, Miss M. A.
CnultT, Miss A. M. Cowdery. Miss I*" B.
Everett MIfs K. T. <Jray. Mtss R. Harris,
Miss HerzinRer. Miss M. Ibx. Miss H. Kalloch.
J A Koontz. C. M. Marra«~k. P. U Mitchell.
r> Mpntpoinery. >tlss K. O'Farrel. Miss L. E.
Oybo'n Miss V. I. Rir'^y. Miss M. Stanford,
MiM Elna Weh. Miss E. H. Zurker.
Kdu<-at Ion— Miss S. L. Cooke. Miss L. Good
win. E. I>. Mttchel. A. L. Walker, J. B. Woot
tcn F 1 . K.' Thompson. ' .
History-Miss .1. Ballard, Miss O, F.arneberg.
Miss O." I-. Proftn, Mlss> A. nutterfleld. Miss
A M. Cole. F. J. Cummins. Miss Edna Del
1lr,«ter H. J. Edwards. AV. K. Gray. Miss L,.
Hall Miss M. Harris. Miss J. .T. Haskell. Miss
M E Hvde f 5 . P. McCrea, Misd H. I.. Mat
ttew*. A" e! Montelth, W. A. Morria, Miss P.
G Morrison. V. C. Morrow. Miss I. M.
Rounds. \\. P. Tlpton. Miss E. M. Wood.
Economics and sociology— F. Adams, E. M.
Carl W. C. Day. JI. A. Friedman. B. T.
Maple? O. F. Riddell, R. VT. Thompson.
Iaw-W. F. Bourland. H. Briekell, L,. H.
Brown. E. li. Brure, C. A.' Cantwell, H. W.
rhanpel <1. T. Cnchnr.. R. W. Coleman. W.
M Crnnstr.n. -T. H. Oripr-n. K. P. Cross. R.
S Croxr M. C. de rarli. T. M. Dlvlny. F. H.
Drake. J. F. English. L. Ferrari. Hugh Foster,
\ M Frep. H. R. Fry. C. B. Ginepple, A.
R Hlrkc. C. E. Holbr>»ok. W. G. Hudson. E.
X Mahrey. G. W. M^-rtepal. C T>. Richards.
a" B Stewart. I>. H. Susman. Eujcne Warren.
W J. Wood.
Mathrmatlcs-MlFs Vrcne Pitcher, Miss C.
Taber. W. E. Whittier.
Thysirs-J. G. Brown. _-_."-
Oirmlstry— A. 3. C-tr.. J. E. Holmes. . J.
Marx. A. I- Mpellcr., K. J. Reidy, C. S- Wells,
K. Whreler.
I'hyfldogry— A. W« Balrd. MIfb M. Barnard.
.1 A. P.«ntlry. G. A. OstaRnetto, II. T.,. Day.
P K Oilman. ML«« E. MrFadden. C. W. Page.
M!s« A. Pollock. «- U Soney.
Zoolojty— W. K. Flsncr, E. Heller. Mlfs H.
H. Mllle. •
Gpolrey-TI. L. Haehl.-H. H. Holler, T. J.
Hoover. .T. M. Hydi. B. >T. Jackson, A.- B.
I^-mmon. U. r». Mills. 1Y. %t. Parkin. K. AV.
Ftufh.
Civil »T!Rin«>orin(?— E. Breen, F. M. Brookle,
H. N. Keucher.
Klectrical engineering— X.G. Syrnonds.
Registrar Elliott Posts List
of Hundred and Forty-
Nine Names.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEXTO. Feb. 7.— Hourigan of San Fran
cisco has introduced an S-hour bill which
is designed to remedy the defects in the
statute which Judge Hall of Alamei^t
County has just declared unconstitutional.
The bill was framed by the State Bureau
of Labor Statistics, and has the indorse
ment of the State Federation of Labor.
Labor- Commissioner Meyers to-day said
of it:
"The endeavor in this bill is to do in a
clearer and stronger wav what the old
statute tried to do. namely, to require of
an officer of the State who lets a contract
for State work to reaulra that the con
tractor shall not work his men more than
eight hours per day on such contract. The
attempt is made in this bill to put. it in
line with the principle that the United
States courts and the courts of several
Sta.tes have upheld that the State has the
same right as the individual to impose
conditions upon a contractor. And this
bill makes it mandatory <hat the State
officer letting: a contract shall impose the
eipht-hour day as a condition, with a
monetary forfeit in case o/ violation of
such condition. Failure on the part of the
State officer to imbose the condition is
made a misdemeanor."
Melick will introduce to-morrow a con-
WILL GRADUATE
FROM STANFORD
Pppclal Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 7.-The two little
daughters of Mrs. L. I,. Baker are lyin<
at their mother's home in Ross Valley
severely injured as the result of a run
away accident on the outskirts of this
city late this afternoon. The coachman.
Thomas Bell, who was driving the teani
at the. time, is suffering from a bruised
side.
This afternoon Helen, aged 12, and
Dorothy, aged 10 years, left their 'hom.>
for a drive to this city. The carriage
was driven by Coachman" Thomas Bel'
u hen about to drive into Fourth streo'
from the San Anselmo road the neck voke
broke, dropping the pole to the ground.
Tne horses then became unmanageable
and started to run.
Boll, seeing that ho could
not control tho frightened animals, and
avert a runaway, promptly turned them
pquarely into the high. . enbankment on
the north side of the road. The horses
were thrown and secured by two young
men named Martin and. Morris, who hap
pened *io be passing. The two childror,
and the coachman were thrown from the
carriage. § The little girls were 'insensible
when picked up. They were removed t.>
a neighboring house and medical aid
summoned. Dr. VV. J: Wickman. who ar
rived soon after, found that ho bones
were broken, but that both children were
badly cut and bruised.
It was thought at the time that little
Dorothy had . lost one of her eyes but
later it was found that the eye is un
injured. Both children were- removed to
their home and medical aid summoned
from San Francisco.
According to tHe latest accounts from
their home .both, children are doing well
and no fatal results are expected to fol
low.
Thomas Bell, the conohman. has lon«
been in the employ of the Bakers and
no blame is attached to him for the acci
dent. His arm and side have, been in
jured, but to what extent is not known
The Bakers reside at Mlramonte. In Ross
Valley, and are well known in social and
business circles in San Francisco, beinsr
connected with the well-known firm of
Baker & Hamilton.
Helen and Dorothy Baker
Thrown From a Carriage
at San Rafael.
stitutional amendment relating to water
and water rights, which has been ap
proved by the National Irrigation Asso
ciation. A similar measure is now pend
ing in the Montana Legislature. Melick's
amendment is as follows:
"The water of all streams shall forever
remain subject to public control. Bene
ficial use shall be tno basis, the measure
and the limit of all rights to water. The
riprht to water for irritation rests in th>>
user and becomes appurtenant to the land
irrigated. 'Water for iirijration is hereby
declared to be a natural want."
Senator Pace has introduced a bill which
raises the price of the unsold remainder
of the 500.000 acres of school lands, or
lands selected in lieu thereof, from $1 25
to $2 50 an acre. '
Senator Smith of I^os Angeles has Intro
duced a bill repealing the law requiring
vaccination among -school children.
Senator Wolfe introduced a Ml! t hat-is a
substitute for Senate bill S. which reff-rs
to the sale of stocks of s^ods. The substi
tute provides that no caercljant, except in
the ordinary course of rrade. may sell his
entire stock of poods unless after at lea^t
five days' notice filed with the Record -jr.
The Judiciary Committee had agreed to
report favorably upon such a bill, and as
soon as !t was introduced the committee
sent in a favorable report, and the bill
was ordered to nrint and to the file. It is
a measure designed to protect creditors.
GIRLS NARROWLY
ESCAPE DEATH
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HOURIGAN INTRODUCES NEW
SHORTER WORKING DAY BILL
Framed hu Bureau of Labor Statistics and Has In
dorsement of State Federation of Labor-
FX'Ccial rM<=p2tch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 7.— As a result of the con
ference of the Assembly. Committee on
Public Health and Quarantine with' the
representative? of the Chamber of Com
merce. Board of Trade and Ship Owners'
ABBo£fat3oa at the Chamber of Com
m«*r.e in S.in Franc'sco yesterday and Its
rlrit Hf-.erward to Anpel Inland, and more
particularly as a result of the change of
heart of the State Hoard of Health, due
to the strength <>t" the- opposition that has
developed apainst. their pet measure, en
dangering the desired $100,000 appropria
tion. Assembly bill «<4 v.as. withdiawn
this morning. *
The bi!l was thrrt providing- for the ap
pointment of a State Quarantine Officer,
a~.<i wafi a. fororuniifr of the throe more
recent lVndleton hills relating: to quar
ar.tLn.-. which are tho subject of the ccn-
Tt-st between Governor Gape, with the
Plate Hoard of Health behind him, and
The commercial bodies of San Francisco.
When the suns of the San Francisco
business mfr were turned on the quar
antine measures the former partisans of
bill 2*4 promptly repudiated it. Dr. Mat-
Thew?. secretary of the State Board of
Health, asserted at the Joint meeting of
the Senate Health and Hospital com
mittees Tuesday r.irttt that the board was
DOt interested in tho passage of that
moayure. The Fame attitude of indiffer
ence toward Assembly bills r.*.S and 53!> has
become manifest. If the Ocvemor and
the State Board of Health ran secure the
appropriation of $10f>.(jO0 to ad<1 to the J2S,
o-» already in its emergency fund, to use
In Joining issue with the Federal quar
antine service, they will evidently be
t-.i'isfleo" in let the others be sacrificed.
The committee report which resulted in
tho withdrawal of till Z<i this morning
M»a* as follows:
Tn-jr rotnrnittee on public h.palth and quar
antine, to whom was referred Assembly bill
N« %•*. an act to j rovifle for the appoint
ment of a ?tat<» quarantine offlr-pr tiy the State
IV>ar<1 of Health, and to abolish the of floe of
quarantine officer to the Board of Health
of the city and county of Pan Francisco, have
Jia^ the Fame undfr consideration an<l respect
fully report that for the purpose of carefully
oonfi'lerinR the Fame and nctircp under - !n
»=tnif-tlon« fr^m your honorable bofly. we have
virlted Fan Francisco and the Federal quar
nr.tin* Ftntion at Ancel Is'.and. We find that
The [Tidied Staten Government ha? arrropri-
Rrefl about I4-'X).0.'K> for the equipment of said
*=*atisr.. -which i« modern in nil respects an1
itaratyrUy efficient and able to meet all the
rtems.nds Trhich are liable to made upon it.
Your eornmitte* 1* of the opinion that the
r»efl for the epnointment of a State quaran
tine officer or the eftabllshment of a State
<;urantlne Ftatirsn doe? not rxipt. and it r«=
ff-ectfi^ly report* 1 he .bill hack with the r»
commendation that it <in not tafc and that the 1
author be permitted to w-lthflra-w the same.
HAPSOX. Chairman.
The Jinn.mw appropriation bill i? not yet
cut of the Senatorial wood?, however, for
Roxrell has submitted a minority rencrt
from the Health Committee of the Sen
ate, in which h" declare? that the ap
propriation i? needless and unwise at this
time, as any emergency of the kind con
ieTr.plate<i ran be provided for by the
T?osr<1 of K%.iminers out of the fund al
re*6y provided.
The minority report of the Senate
??*alth Committee on the $l(*\000 appro
priation Is as follows:
The vrifier^'.gned minority of the Senate
committee on health and quarantine, to whom
in* referred A. B. SW. respectfully rwom
is»r.1 that sa'.d bill do not pssf.
Our reasons for rn doinjr are as follows:
In W3 the T^e^islature pa- <i ' i ''d en emergency
»et during the excitement nuendir.r the In
troduction of cholera into our Kas=iern coai"»«.
creatin— a fund of $.V».(W1. to be us»d by the
Ft ate Hoard of Health under the direction of
the Governor.
In stven years there was used of this fund '
f1?.r,?5 U.
PIr.re the bejrinninp of isvi there has heen
L^ed s?2rn TS, 1e 8 vine: a balance «n the fund
Of JCS.iriJ n. Th!s< in oar .lutement is suffi
cient to meet nny emergency likely to arife
!n the rear future, and if an emerjre n cy
t=rio-_-!d arise, the State Hoard of Kxsminer*
"would have power to authorize the necessary
expenditure*.
Th* ralsl-ir by ?axatinn of *ion.n<vr at th!?
t'm* for possible but improbable «f»> ti» c^n-
Fl<!»r insivifahlc air! <~alt-u!at<v1 to «upm>m
the fpcllnE- of upcf-rtainty and f>ar :n Cali
fornia airl elsewlirre relative to liralth con
ditions in fsn Franr-i^m. .
• "HESTER ROWELU
H. U. PACE.
HOURIGAN'S MAIDEN
SPEECH IN ASSEMBLY
Astonishes Fellow Statesmen by R;-
questing That His Measure Be
Laid Over.
"CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 7.— Homisan of San Fran
cisco, maker of telephone bills, made his
firff speech in the Assembly this mon.infj
He has fpnkrn sever;! 1 times in Republi
can caucus and has made hi? mark by his
unique Ftyle. fo that when he was called
upon Jo explain his A?>embly bill 214. on
the third reading- 1Ue this morning, every
mf-mber Tilted bark in iiis chair and gavo
the member from San Francisco his at
tention.
"This here Mil." b«»ffan Hourip-an. as
fiimitic a Martin Brarfy pose, "fixes <i»
•rortdn* hours f>r laun-jriea. It keeps <!<•
puvF not runs de la-mdriea from workin'
<}* gniip overtime. On de srjuarc. it's a
p^od liill. but I want it passed."
.nwry one supposrHl V-r wanted it passei.
but his tone raurmi tne fipeaker to ask:
"You want the rolleail now -if there is no
debate?" ' •
"No. I want it put over, see? Yes. dai's
It— rasped on de file."
ThTe wasn't a m^mlwr who -would hav>
voted atrairst th« bill, and Hourigan at
tempted 'io exptaniioa of why he deslrel
delay. Uov.-e.ver. no one onjecled to the
autnor of iho lull preventing- its imme
diate rapsape if he p<i <1e?ired. Apsembly
moi are wondering if Hourigan is expect
ing a dr-lf {ration of latindrymc-n to call
upon him in record tr. the financial loss
they Will snuffer if ihf bin become: a Iaa\
Result or Conference With
Chamber of Commerce and
snip-Owners' Association,
Assemble Committee on
Health Deals It a
Death Blow.
QUARANTINE
BILL FINALLY
WITHDRAWN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb.. 7.— The Senate Judiciary
Ccmmittee has finally passed favorably
upon Nutt's bill to secure uniformity in
divorce laws. The bill was amended so
as to make extreme cruelty a cause for
divorce wherever it may arise, but beyond'
that the bill went past the committee
without change. Nutt's bill is one that
provides for the application ln^ California
of the divorce laws of other States. Tho
bill is the work of a commission to make
uniform the laws of the different States,
and is but. one of several on different sub
jects which are being introduced in all the
Legislatures of the country.
The Senate Committee on Rules sub
mitted a concurrent resolution providing
for a special Assembly nio in the Senate
and a similar file of Senate bills for the
Assembly, the files to be considered In
each house between 2 and 3 a'clock every
afternoon. The resolution was adopted by
the Senate.
The Senate Committee on Municipal
Corporations has recommended that Cald
well's Senate bill 252, \o provide for the
submission of the liquor question to the
voters of a town, do pass.
¦ T hf Senate Committee on Labor and
J^apital has reported favorably on the
Tyrrell (of San Francisco) Senate bills 30S
and o09. to regulate the relations between
employers and employes and to define the
obligations of employers. Shortridge's
bonate bill 434. to provide for the proper
sanitation of factories and workshops and
the preservation of the health of em
ployes, was recommended for passage.
The Senate Committee on Health re
ported favorably on the Tyrrell (of San
I-rancisco) Senate bill 264, relating to the
inspection of foods and beverages.
The consideration of Nelson's Senate bill
410. imposing a State tax of $6 a year on
every place where liquor is sold, was in
definitely postponed by the Senate Com
mittee on Revenue jiiad Taxation.
The Assembly Committee on Municipal
Corporations to-day decided to report ad
versely on the following bills: Atherton's
bill 432, which takes away from the trus
tees of cities of the «ixth class the power
to license the selling of pools" outside a
racetrack— the committee objecting be
cause this power is withheld and no pro
hibition of the selling of pools imposed;
Ralston's Assembly bill 557, making man
datory the granting of the privilege to any
telephone or telegraph company to erect
poles or construct conduits for its wires
in. the streets of a city, provided the
municipality shall have power to regulate
rates, and Broughton's bill, which forbids
the levying of a tax upon the herding of
sheep or cattle.
The committee recommends that the fol
lowing do pass: Senate bill 115, relating
to municipal libraries; Senate bill 123, re
lating to the powers of city trustees, and
Senate bill 6. providing for condemnation
proceedings on the part of municipalities
to acquire property for the widening of
streets and laying grains and sewers. As
sembly bill 390. authorizing direct vote of
the people on municipal ordinances, is to
be reported without recommendation.
The Assembly Cojporations Committee
will recommend that Knowiand's ware
house bill do pass, .lames' bill 353. which
forbids discrimination in water and gas
rates, will be reported without recom
mendation. The Roads and Highways
Committee decided to recommend that
Greer's bill abolishing the State highway
commission and the office of Highway
Commissioner ¦ do not pass. Greer's bill
relating to road districts, making them
co-extensive with supervisorial .districts,
is reeommendod for passage. The Assem
bly Committee on Military Affairs recom
mends that the bill annually appropriat
ing $7."> per capita for maintenance of the
veterans in the Veterans' Home in Napa
County <lo pass. The Federal allowance
is $100 per capita.
Atherton. in the Assembly this morning,
moved that his bill on poolselling. Iden
tical with the Belshaw bill, be recalled
from the Committee on Public Morals and
placed on the second »eading file. Tie said
he had been unable to get It out of com
mittee and that it would die there unless
his motion prevailed. The motion carried,
but the committee met at 1 o'clock and
decided to recommend that his bill do not
pass. The Public Morals Committee rec
ommends for passage Assembly bill S60.
by Sutro. Assembly bill 540. by Henry
both relating to crimes against children,
and Collins' bill 544. relating to the em
ployment of children.
Measure Providing an Animifi]
for Veterans at Yount
ville Also Favored,
Senate Committee Passes
Favorably on Nutt's
Bill.
WILL INSURE
UNIFORMITY IN
DIVORCE LAWS
INGLORIOUS END OF BILL PROVIDING FOR A STATE QUARANTINE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIjIi, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1901.
Minnesota Town Burning.
MINNEAPOLIS, Feb fc S.-A .telephone
message to the Times from St. Cloud.
Minn, F.\y a big fire is raging in that
city. The West Hotel and other build
ings have been destroyed, but so far as
known no lives have been lost.
MURDERER ZUMWALT
DIES IN HIS CELL
' Was Under Sentence to Se Hanged
but Death Cheated ths
Gallows.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 7.— Isaiah Zum
walt. the oM man who on June 7 last at
Diamond Springs. El Dorado County,
shot and killed his divorced wife. hi3 son.
George, and the Infant son of the !atte;\
and then wounded Mrs. Zumwalt. the
wife df his son. was found dead In his
cell at the Folsom State prison. Zum
walt was under sentence of death, lie
had Ions been in ill health.
When the murders were committed it
was said Zumwalt was enamored of h!9
son"s« wife. He had been divorced but a
few weeks before the tragedy.
compel the payment of the taxes on pub
lic bonds of this State by providing that
neither interest nor principal shall be
paid until the taxes have been paid.
The,re are no provisions in the bill which
provide what shall be proof of the pay
ment of the taxes, the presentation of the
receipt being denied sufficient. The gist
of the bill, which is contained in section 1,
Is as follows:
No officer of any county, city, city and
county, town, township or district in the
State of California shall pay from the
funds thereof any bond or interest coupon
of any bond until all taxes on such bond
or coupon shall have been fnlly paid: and
jio action shall be commenced, or judg
ment rendered or enforced for the pay
ment of any bond or Interest coupon of
any bond against any. county, city, city
and county, town, township cr district in
this State until all taxes upon such bond
or coupon shall have been fully paid.
These are the bonds for the exemption
of which from taxation there was an
amendment to the constitution submitted
to the people at the last election. It wan
deemed better to exempt the bonds, as it
was found impassible to collect the taxes
on them. The amendment was defeated
and now Pace's bill provides for an oppo
site course.
to; regulate the sale
of the "green demon"
Committee Reports Favorably on
Walker's Bill Regarding Traffic
in Absinthe.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 7.— The Committee on Pub
lic Health and Quarantine this morning
recommended for passage Walker's biil
regulating the sale of absinthe and a
large number of powerful drugs. Evatt of
the Thirty-second District runs a saloon
on Fourth street. San Francisco, and he
sent in a minority report. The bill, which
receives the approval of physicians, makes
it unlawful to soil the substances enumer
ated without distinctly labeling the bottle
or package and making sure by inquiry
that the purchaser knows the poisonous
character: and in addition' making an en
try in a book kept for the purpose of the
date of sale, name and address of the pur
chaser, name and quantity oi the sub
stance sold and the purpose for which it
is required. The penalty is a fine not ex
ceeding $500 or Imprisonment not exceed
ing six months. A companion bill was in
troduced in the Senate this mornine bv
Tyrrell of Xevada.
Webber's bill. 314. making it a felony to
bring into the State pnsnns or reformato
ries or their grounds «tny opium, mor
phine, cocaine, or other narcotics, intoxi
cating liquors 'of any kind, or firearms,
weapons or explosives," came up. in th a
Assembly for final passage. Dunlap asked
the author if there were any present ne
cessity in the conditions at the prisons for
the passage of such h stringent measure.
Webber replied that there was, and Dun
lap suegrested that the matter was on»
worthy of investigation by Webber's com
mittee. Webber replied that he was per
fectly willing to do any investigation that
was assigned to him. The bill was passe 1
without opposition.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 7.— T. Carl Spelling, the San
Francisco lawyer, and Assemblyman Mac
beth of San Francisco had a personal en
counter In the corridor outside the Assem
bly chamber this afternoon as a result of
differences over primary election bills.
Spelling called Macbeth a name and dared
the Assemblyman to hit him. Macbeth
slapped Spelling's face, and the lawyer
backed away and kicked at Macbeth. The
latter struck Spelling, and Spelling was
preparing to annihilate the Assemblyman
when AssembTyman Collins stepped be
tween them and stopped the fight.
Spelling has devoted much talk to pri
mary election laws. He drafted elaborate
hills before the beginning of the* session,
and Johnson introduced them for him in
the Assembly. .To-day Johnson withdrew
bills 156. 157, 158. 159. 160 and 161 for the
reason that the provisions' of these bills
are included in Davis' Senate bills.
Spelling has been extremely zealous in
tho advocacy of his Ideas, and has before
to-day become somewhat obstreperous in
assertinjr the virtues of his measures,
especially before the two- Committees, on
Klections. He claims that his bills have
features which, are in no others, while
others assert that he amended his orig
inal bills by, -inserting provisions taken
from the Davis bills. Macbeth is chair
man of the Assembly Elections Commit
tee, and the trouble to-day was caused
by Spelling charging him. after Johnson
withdrew his bills, .with trying to block
effective legislation.
SEEKS TO DO AWAY
WITH GRAND JURIES
Senator Caldwell Introduces Amend-
of the State.
ment to the Constitution
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 7.— Senator Caldwell has in
troduced an amendment to the constitu
tion which will, if adopted, have the ef
fect of doing away with grand Juries.
The section of the constitution which ho
seeks to amend is as follows:
"Section 8— Offenses heretofore required
to be prosecuted by indictment shall be
prosecuted by information, after examina
tion and commitment by a maRlstrate
or by indictment with or without such
examination and commitment, as may be
prescribed as follows: A grand jury shall
be drawn and summoned at least once
a year in each county."
Senator Caldwell 'would amend that sec
tion .to read as follows:
"Offenders heretofore required to be
prosecuted by indictment shall be prose
cuted by Information, after examination
and commitment by a magistrate, as may
be prescribed by law."
The bill was- drawn In pursuance of an
article which appeared in a recent num
ber of the Riverside Press, which de
nounced the prand jury system as un-
American, antiquated and a r.elicof the
times when men could be accused, tried
and condemned in secret. .'
Pace Introduces Bill Authorizing Of-
COMPELS PAYMENT
OF TAXES ON BONDS
fleers to Withhold Interest
. Till Taxes Are Paid. :
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 7.— Senator Pace has' in
troduced a bill, the object of which is to
SPELLING AND MACBETH HAVE
A LIVELY PERSONAL ENCOUNTER
AssemWuman SlaDS the Face of the Attorney in the
Corridor of the Capitol Building.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 7.— The long-deferred reso
lution for the appointment of addition: il
attaches, as agreed upon In the Republi
can caucus, was presented this mornlns
and adopted, only perfunctory protestJ
being- made by the minority. Eleven at
taches are added to the salary Hat. with
salaries aggregating 543 per day. Five of
them will draw pay from January 7, an1
the remainder from January 23. Follow
ing is list of new attaches and the'.r
salaries:
H. Bryan, watchman. $3: G. A. Gillesple.
clerk. $4: G. Kohlhoff. clerk. $4; Walter
Moreno, watchman. 13; C O. Stanton.
electrician. $5; Thomas Dillegjrhan. en
grossing and enrolling clerk. $5: W. C
Geary, clerk. $fi: Frank Dohertv. hill filer.
$4: Georsre Boydon. porter. $3: W. B. Price,
porter, $3: R. J. Kady. rear porter. $3.
4
I Do Not Scatter My| WHEN0 JHERSFAiL j Center T |, eni on My
Faculties. f^^^i • Specialty.
I do not treat all diseases, but I treat mrf Either you must master It or It will mas-
men, MEN. ONLY, and cure them to .stay kSy *. ter you an<^ your whole future -with-
cured. I have recently treated scores of , . / J%?Jt % misery and' indescribable woe. I have
stubborn cases for some of the most vfxM' k> treated so many cases of this kind that I
prominent and Influential men of this city " W&li} /&&*?*&¦ am as familiar with th«m as you, are with
and vicinity, and not a sins!. 1 failure imr r*&5b i£Sis>< £5s?*& tnp VPrv daylight. Once ciir>vl by u\c you
nn unpleasant result has been reported. , ](VJg; V^5J*<. v2rVr w '" never again be bothered with weak-
What T have done for others I can do for vA'Ml \ c ness, nervousness, failing memory, ioss of
you. My specialty is fully set forth in the Nn.i* ' » r / \ 9 amtmfon or similar symntoms which rob
few plain words which follow, and which \« jjji,- VJUiK S you nf y° ur manhood "and absolutely unfl*.
aro well worth the care.ful perusal of all \Jffi'\ sftsti&Sm\ M yr > 11 for study, business, pleasure or mar-
afflicted men. ' Has:-. My trentment f^r weak m*-n will
. ..¦••¦ - * jftJf^^^ygfS^ ®S?l!5r~, correct rill those evils and rrstir^ you to
VariCOCel" -%^3P" ? i J what nature Intended— a half, h-althv.
vantotei.. >t>-7 W£*l ,8mSmV* hrippy man - nith Phy^cal and mental
Under my treatment this insidious dls- \M r^'^'^^^^m^^^^jh powers complete,
d anti?: a T^ Reflex Diseases. \ -
bl f.n r mSMa-lwelln* W niilrti; Many ailments are reflex, originating
DOCTOR SWEA NY, Sffi^SB^Sfe «S&
S now'er n rni "th^pU^ure^oer- •ThMwr.l most .ucc.-.fuj cele or Stricture. Innumerable blood and
Fe^ne^th^nS^^tor^d $S&Wg, rel.abie Spec.aH.t ,n O^e, o f MH^.
¦ C.A.' d. ' .. • ' cline frequently follows Lost Manhood.
• fcUtrlCtUrC • medicines of any kind. ' It goes to the very In treating diseases of any. kind I always
'¦ ¦ • • • - ¦ ¦ ¦- . . : bottom'of the disease and "forces out cure. the cause as well as the effect.
My cure dissolves the Stricture com- every .- particle of impurity. .Soon every To these maladies alone I have earnesf-
pletely and removes every obstruction I sign tind symptom disappear completely ly devoted the best year? of my life. Phy-
from the urinary passage, allays all In- and forever. The. blood, the Usaue the slclans having rtubborn casea to treat are
flammatioa.' reduces the prostate glands flesh the bones and the whole system are cordially fnvited to consult with me. I
when enlarged, cleanses and heals the cleansed purified and restored to perf»ct' make no eharre for private counsel, and
bladder ; and. kidneys when .7 Irritated or health and' the patient prepared anew for «rtv*> to each patient a lepal contract to
congested/Invigorates the organs and re- the duties and pleasures of life. hold for my promises. It is worth your
stores health and soundness . {o every ¦- • . • ; -. . ; •>, ; while to Investigate a cure that has made
part of the body affected by the disease. ... • M A #. v niic nphilitv life anewto multitudes.
. ' j nerVUUS' L/CUIIIty. AA/DlTrF r>**«l»>!ns your troubles, if
¦ContaSTiOUS BlOOd Poison. Men. many of you are now reaping the J^ J*J * f^,"".* home'tr-- Ttmevt"^
- _ v - . ¦ result of - vour former folly Your man fj*rf*ctwi systwrn or nu^it* i «v.-a * ai t«^*^r nas
My 'special form of treatment for this ;hood Is falling nnd will soon be lost un- ''"^S^^nVio^'f^wwk* 1 !^^!"^:
disease is practically the. result of my. life -less you do something for yourself. There ah corre'pon^nce .tTSk wnflientta?
work, and is indorsed by the best physi- isna time to lose. Nervous Debility, like U>it« toitay strictly^ conmientiaf.
clans of this and foreign countries. It con- all diseases. Is never on the standstill. Rrf<M-»-nc«-»: TJeat banks merchants, and buat-
talns' no dangerous drugs or injurious With It you can make no. compromise. n«t<* m >n in the city. Call or addreas
omee^-rd. .m. j-, ; . j G& \A/ IF A N Y M D "7 MARKET STREET,
Sundays-It) to 12 only. « m Qaa^ m +**& V M SUmJ f~*. I W Jt 9 I Vim SLmJ m m SAN FRANCISCO.-TEDICOS PREFEB. THE
•ABMY.TO THE NAVY
Young Physicians Not Content to
Accept the I^oVer Grade for
Sea Service.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.— Serious embar-
rassment prevails in the navy because of
the inability of. the medical corps to ob
tain^ competent young physicians willing
to accept appointments as assistant sur
geons. -There are now fifteen vacancies
and two. more will occur during the year
by the retirement of Medical Director W.
K.* Scofield, senior officer of the medical
corps, and Medical Director J. G. Ayers.
Numerous applications for appointment
are received, but as soon as the applicants
learn that the rank to which they will
be appointed is only , that of lieutenant
junior grade, they reply that they prefer
to enter the army, which promises higher
rank and a better future.
COXSTBUCrnON OF WARSHIPS
DELAYED FOE A YEAR
The Naval Committee of the Senata
Dodges the Question of the In- •
crease of the Navy.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 7.— Urgently as
the country needs battleships and arm
ored cruisers, the Senate Naval Commit
tee has postponed the construction of such
vessels for a year, and in lieu thereof has
Riven the navy three submarine boats of
the type which has been so roundly con
demned by naval experts.
The provision regarding the naval .'In
crease placed in the na\-al appropriation
act by the Senate committee, which was
made public to-night, is one of the curiosi
ties of Congressional literature. Appre
ciating that tha country demands contin
uous armorcla.1 construction and fearing
to boldly oppose further increase durine
this session, the committee has artfully
dodged the question.
"That for the purpose of further in
creasing the naval establishment " reads
the provision Incorporated in the* act by
the committee, "the Secretary of the
Navy Is hereby directed to prepare plans
and specifications of two seagoing battle
ships and two armored cruisers carrying
the most suitable armor and armament
for vessels of their class, and -to submit
to Congress, a general description of such
battleships and cruisers on the first Mon
day in December next."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.-The number of
FTTB SEAX BISAPPEABING.
vessels, as reported by the Consul at Vic
toria, which propose to engage in- seal
hunting from the port of Victoria this
year is thirty-four. The last vesse'l
cleared January 26. . This is one vessel
less than cleared from that port last year
on the same business. Ten of the vessels
will hunt. on the Japanese coast and the
remaining twenty-four on the coast of
British '- Columbia, Washington, Oregtm
and California. _q_££39___g|6iP-qM_~
The general impression aznongr the seal
ers is that the fur seal Is steadily disap
pearing and that the time is soon coming
when the business will cease to be profit
able. -...-. ¦ , ¦
WASHINGTON. Feb. 7.— The postofflce
appropriatlon:bill was passed to-day. The
debate hovered about three topics, rail
way mall pay, pneumatic tube service and
special fast mail facilities, but It bore no
fruit.
The. amendment to reduce the rate of
railway mail pay was ruled out on a point
of order, the amendment to continue the
pneumatic tube service in New York.
Boston and Philadelphia was abandoned
for the purpose of making the fight in the
Senate and the motions to strike out ap
propriations for special mail facilities
were defeated.
The chair ruled the Joy amendment, to
appropriate $265,000 for pneumatic tub«
service, out of order on the ground that
the current law contained a provision
a°-ain<5t the extension of the service be
yond New York, Philadelphia and Boston.
Scudden of New York withdrew his
amendment to appropriate 5__>.000 for the
continuation of the service ln New York.
Boston and Philadelphia. Mann then in
sisted upon his point of order against the
amendment of .H. C. Smith of Michigan
to reduce railway mall pay and the point
of order was sustained.
The opponents of the appropriations for
special facilities carried the tight into the
Hou»e ¦' where there could be a record
vote but were beaten by votes of 60 to 23
and 33 to 79 and the bill was passed.
The Speaker laid before the House
certified copies of the electoral vote in the
several States, excepting those of Colo
rado and Tennessee. The vote will be
counted at a Joint sejslon of the House
and Senate February 13. The Speaker
appointed Grosvenor of Ohio and Richard
son of Tennessee to: act as tellers on be
half of the House on that occasion.
The Senate bill to allow travel pay to
certain officers and men who re-enlisted
In the Philippines upon their discharge
from the volunteer service was passed.
The Militarv Academy .bill and the bill
for the adjudication of the Spanish -war
claims were sent to conference.
The House took up the diplomatic and
consular appropriation bill. Hltt, chair
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
explained that the bill carries $l.S0S.S08.
being $SS,53O less than th« estimates and
$37,640 more than the current law. With
out action the House at 5:2> p. ra. ad
journed. ¦ ¦
Ame_dm8nt to Continut the
Pneumatic Service Is
Abandoned.
POSTOFFICE BILL
PUSSES HOUSE
WASHINGTON*. Feb. 7.— The House
Committee on Elections Xot 1 has decided
to take cognizance of the petitions and
charges filed against Delegate Wilcox of
Hawaii. George D. Gear of Hawaii, who
makes the charges, was questioned on law
points. The members were agreed that
the matter should be cleared up by In
quiry, and it was arranged to take Gear's
testimony and that of Wilcox.
Wiicox informed the committee that he
would, have his answer to the charges
ready by 10 o'clock to-morrow morning.
and an adjournment was taken until then.
When the heating began at 2 o'clock
Delegate Wllcox and his chief accuser,
Georg-e D. Gear, who has resided In Ha
waii for the last two years, were present.
Chairman Taylor of Ohio asked Wllcox
if he had read the charges. The Delegate
replied In the affirmative. Taylor said the
portions relating to Wilcox's -marriage
¦would be passed over, and then asked the
direct question whether the Delegate had
written the letters specified in the
charges. Before he could reply several
members Intervened and asked if Wilcox
desired the benefit of counsel. — rhether he
had made a formal answer and whether
he had reen the charges. Taylor explained
that Wilcox had gone over the charges
and had expressed willingness to reply to
them. - .
"I will answer in a proper way." as
serted , the Hawaiian, In broken accents,
"but I will do it to the committee and
not before these soreheads coming here."
The chairman explained that the hear
ings would be public and all of Wllcox*3
rights would be respected.
House Committee Decides
to Investigate the Alle
gations.
WILCOX MUST
ANSWER CHARGES
DECLINES TO SIT AT
TABLE WITH GENERAL OTIS
sion to Show His Disapproval
of Officer's Course.
Minister Wu Ting Fang Takes Occa-
NEW YORK, Feb. 7.— Wu Tin? Fang,
Chinese Minister to the United States, to
night refused to sit at the. same table
with Major General Elwell S. Otis of the
United States army. The Chinese Minis
ter took pains to explain that while he
felt only respect for General Otis as a
military commander and esteem for him
personally, his course In declining to
share the honors of the feast with th«
general was due to General Otis' attitude
while governor general of the Philippines
In enforcing there the objectionable fea
tures of the Chinese exclusion act. This,
the Chinese Minister said, he could not
possibly approve and he would not put
himself ln a position of seeming to in
dorse it.
Wu Ting Fang said ln his letter of dec
lination to. the Society of the Genesee: "I
think while military governor General
Otis committed an egregious error and
did great injustice to the Chinese by Intro
ducing the Chinese exclusion act into the
Philippines, which has stirred up race
prejudice and done harm to those Islands
While I believe General Otis acted upon
the ill advice of some one, still If I wer»
to attend 1 the dinner, in his honor I could
not decline the invitation to say some
thing concerning tho general. And what
I might have to say might not be pleasant
for the general or his fellow banqueters
to hear." ¦'
* *
"ANNIE • LAURIE" WEDS *~~" -
DENVER JOX7RNAXIST
Becomes the Wife of Charles A. Bon
-:-- - fils, a "Writer of the Denver
Post
DENVER. Feb. 7.— Charles A. Bonfils
and Mrs "Winifred Black, well-known
newspaper 1 writers, were -married at 1
o'clock to-day at the residence of the
bridegroom's* brother, Frederick G. Bon
fils. publisher of the Denver Post. The
ceremony was performed by Rev. Richard
E. Sykes. Mr. and Mrs. Bonflls will make
a tour to Southern California and Hono
lulu and return to Denver next spring.
¦ "'.'¦¦ , . •
riVE HUNDRED PERSONS
ARE BURNED TO DEATH
Conflagration in a Russian City
Caused by Eacploding Mazout
Causes Fatalities.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 7.-A dispatch
from Baku to the Rossija says 500 persons
perished ln the conflagration there. The
flames are again beyond control. The po
lice station, ten large tenements, 500,000
tons of mazout. 350.000 tons of naphtha and
all the Rothschild reservoirs were burned.
The Journal- of Commerce and Industry
says Tremouse Lake Is burning. The maz
out caused explosions which killed many
of the spectators. .
Sensational Suicide.
LONDON, Feb. ".— A profound sensation
waa caused during the service at St.
Paul's Cathedral this morning- by an eld
erly Italian shooting himself ln the head.
He died from the effects of his injury.
The -hooting was due to depression owing
to the fact that he was out of work. The
man has not been identified.
To Stop Lynchings.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Feb. 7.-1 n the Legis
lature to-day Senator Smith introduced a
bill making It a felony to participate" In a
mob or to purchase rope or firearms for
the use ol a mob.
Steamer Jeffery Stranded.
CHERBOURG, Feb. 7.— One of the ves
sels stranded yesterday off Cherbourg
was the British steamer Jefferey. laden
with wheat. All on board were saved. .
SHADOWS PLAY QUEER
FRUAXS AT WHITE HOUSE
Cast Profiles of President McKinley
and the I,ate Queen
Victoria.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.-Several times
In the last three years there have been
published descriptions of various singular
shadows that have appeared from time to
time on the north or main porch of the
"White House. One of these shadows rep
resented the profile and bent form of an
old woman, with one hand resting on an
indistinct object that resembled a spin
ning wheel. This shadow cast by the
su J l .' s _ r . ays shInln * through the railing
which is a part of the colonial structure
at the top of the mansion, appeared daily
at a certain hour for two or three weeks
and as It was about that time President
McKinley's mother died the phenomenon
made a deep impression on many suDer
stltious persons. . v
Th t l^\ e *l\ manifestation of freaklshnesa
5 n the \\hite House portico appeared to
da y-, JJ he . s , un . was snl mne. brightly, and
at 12:oO o'clock the shadow of a nonde
script form appeared^ on the great pillar
at the extreme northwest corner of the
portico. It soon took on definite shape
and at 1 o clock represented the face and
shoulders of President McKinley in pro
file. The silhouette was so striking In its
accuracy that many persons who saw it
remarked that a more correct profile
drawing of Mr. McKinley could not b<»
made-by any artist. The likeness was not
a correct one for more than two minutes
It gradually changed with the altering
position of the sun. and at 1:10 o'clock had
assumed a remarkably perfect likeness to
the face of the late Queen Victoria even
to an object on the head resemblW a
crown. 6 ~
This likeness lasted for two or three
minutes, then gradually disappeared Two
hours later the same succession of shad
ow portraits appeared on the northeast
pillar at the outside of the portico fortv
feet away. " * /
McPherson May Be Saved.
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.— Quartermaster
General Ludington to-day said that his
latest information ln regard to the trans
port McPherson. aground off Matanzas,
Is that the sea had subsided and that
there is a fair prospect of saving the ahip.
Two More Branch Mints.
¦WASHINGTON. Feb. 7.— The House
Committee on Coinage to-day acted fa
vorably on the bills establishing branch
mints at Omaha and Tacoma."
NEWLY ORGANIZED FORCES
TO PHILIPPINES
Secretary Boot Directs the Dispatch-
ing of Regiments Under
New Army Bill.
"WASHINGTON. Feb. 7.— Orders were
issued by Secretary Root to-day dispatch-
Ing to Manila the first troops of the new
regiments authorized by the army reor
ganization law. The orders direct that
"the first and second provisional battal
ions of infantry, now organized at the
Presidio, San Francisco, are assigned as
the first battalions of the Twenty-sixth
and Twenty-seventh regiments United
States Infantry, and will proceed to the
Philippines on the transport Sheridan,
which sails on February 16."
The assignment cf these battalions
means that the regiments to be raised
will be known as the "Twenty-sixth,"
•Twenty-seventh." "Tv renty-eig-hth."
"Twenty-ninth" and "Thirtieth." The
cavalry regiments to be raised will be
designated the "Eleventh." "Twelfth"
and "Fifteenth." Batteries of artlllery
will also be piven numerical designations.
The First and Third battalions of the
Fifth Cavalry were ordered to-day from
the Department of the East and Depart
ment of Colorado "for Immediate ser
vice" in the Philippines.
Fort Rlley will be the great distributing
center of all llerht artillery batteries.
Colonels of artillery will be stationed at
strategic points along the coast in com
mand of all batteries in their vicinity. A
colonel -will be assigned to duty at Fort
Hamilton in charge of the defenses of
New York harbor. .
nominations by President.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.— The President
to-day sent the follu'wing nominations to
the Senate: / ?
Thomas Fraser, Register of the Land Office
pt Sacramentn. CaL: William W. Sewram,
Receiver of Public Moneys at Sacramento,
CaL
To fee Judge ASvocat* with rank of major-
Captain Ed^ar S. Dudley, assistant quarter
master. Vnlted States armr (major and Judge
edvoeate of volunteers). First Sergeant John
Braeunirurer, Troop C. Eleventh Cavalry, to
b<» a eecond lieutenant.
"WASHINGTON', Feb. 7.-The House
Committee on Invalid Pensions has favor
ably reported the bill of Representative
Calderhead of Kansas as follows:
All persons who are eligible for pensions at
the rate of J12 per month under section 2 of
the act of June 27. 1S3O. relating to pensions,
who are now. or may hereafter become dis
abled by total blindness or paralysis or any
tctal disability for manual labor, not the re
eult of their own vicious habits, which dis
ables them la euch a degree as to require the
constant or frequent and periodical attendance
»• another person, or who are or may be with
out an actual net income not to exceed IIW
per year, exclusive of any pension, shall be
et-titled to a pension at the rate of $30 per
iconth from tha date of application therefor
arter the passage of this ac:.
Present Pensioners Who May
Become Disabled May-
Get Increase.
FAVORABLE REPORT
ON PENSION BILL
Considerable Difficulty Is Encoun
tered in Getting a Necessary
Quorum for the Holding 1
cf Night Session.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 7.— The Senate be
gan the day by passing the bill for the
payment of travel allowances on dis
charge from the volunteer army to offi
cers and en!!?te«l men of the Eleventh
Cavalry and Thirty-sixth and Thirty
seventh regiments of infantry, who en
tered the service of the United States in
the Philippines, and also .a bill putting
In force in the Indian Territory the laws
of Arkansas relating to corporations.
The pension appropriation bill, was then
passed, sifter Gallinper had stated that
ls>y) names had been placed on the pension
rolls thus far on account of the Spanish
war, at an annual ccst cf about $270,000.
McLaurin of South Carolina then opened
the debate on the subsidy bill, advocating
its passage. He said it would benefit the
cotton growing Interest of the Southern
Sratea and contended also that legislation
that would stimulate American shipping
would benefit not "only the cotton Interest.
but sll other agricultural interests.
Morgan of Alabama took the floor to
oppose the pending- bill. He declared the
bill would result in a commercial conflict
between the United States and Great Brit
ain, in which the financial batteries of the
two countries would be arrayed against
each other. He was inclined tc think that
the United States 'would be worsted ln
such a ccnfilct. because of the immensely
superior sea power of Great Britain. Mor
gan then made an earnest plea for the
adoption of the Clay Nicaragua canal
amendment to the subsidy bill. At 5:30 p.
m. a recess was taker, until S o'clock.
Considerable comedy and badinago
marked the evening- session as it pro
gressed, started by vain efforts of Bever
idge. in the chair, to induce Senators to
gain his recognition. Teller closed the
evening's speechmaking and soon had a
hot war of words with Frye. An amend
ment by Aldrich wos adopted, providing
that vessels of eighteen knots and over
shall receive a subsidy of ope and six
tenths cents per gross ton. An attempt
to act on another sunendment failed for
want of a quorum, so the Senate, at 11:10
o'clock, .adjourned.
Senate Decides That Ships
of 18 Knots Be Given
1.6 Cents Per Ton. *
AMENDMENT
TO SUBSIDY BILL
MOTHER'S NOSE
FRACTURED BY
HER DAUGHTER
Emma Erzgraber, While Un
der a Spell of Insanity,
Attacks and Injures
Her Parent. ¦
Mrs. Erzrraber. residing at 433 Gold
en Gate avenue, while sitting at a
table in her home yesterday afternoon
was attacked by her insane daughter
Emma, SO years of a?e. Mrs. Erz
graber, who is more than 50 yeart old,
was unable to defend herself, and was
treated at the Receiving Hospital for
a fracture of the nose and severe la
cerations of the head.
Policeman J. Hayden, who made the
arrest, was punched In the face by tb>
pugnacious young woman and for the
next few days will have a hard time
explaining to his friends how he got
the black eye. The arrested woman is
now confined In the insane ward of tha
Receiving Hospital. She will be ex
amined by the Insanity Commissioners
this moraine
Mr6. Erxgraber says that * her
daughter's insanity was caused
through illness, and that at times she
became very violent, and it was not
safe for any one to go near her. Mrs.
Erzgraber said that her daughter has
been in this condition for thirteen
years, and when these spells come on
her she would go out on the back
porch and lean over the railing back
ward as far as she could and in a
short time she would be all right.
A lady living in th* neighborhood
said that Miss Erzgraber had attempt
ed to assault her last month, but aid
being near she did not succeed ln do-
Ing her any injury. Mrs. Erzgraber
is thought of very highly in the
neighborhood and every <jne sympa
thizes with her.
BRYAN OPPOSES
THE SILVER-BILL
Replies to Communication of
•House Committee on
Coinage.
.Says Proposed Redemption, of Silver
Dollars for Gold Would Causa
Heavy I>rair_ on Treas
ury Reserve.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.— Chairman
Southard of the House Committee on
Coinage to-day received from William J.
Bryan the latter's view of the pending
bills before the "House making the stand
ard silver dollar redeemable ln sold.
After thanking the committee for the
courtesy of inviting his views Mr. Bryan
says in part:
The bill has a double purpose — first, to con
vert standard silver dollars Into, subsidiary
coin, and second, to make silver dollars re
deemable ln gold on demand. In discussing
the subject, however. It will be more logical
to consider th* latter proposition first; re
demption Is only a step toward retirement.
There Is no necessity for redemption. The
legal tender law will maintain the parity be
tween gold coin and silver dollars so long as
both can bo used to an unlimited extent ln the
payment of public revenues and private debts.
I should perhaps say that the parity will be
substantially maintained, for local and tem
porary conditions may under any law put a
small premium upon any kind of money.
Mr. Bryan cites the premium on silver
in New York in 1833, caused by the local
demand for small* change. He also cites
Senator Sherman in support of his state
ment. Proceeding Mr. Bryan says: \ .
Ab soon as the silver dollar Is made redeem
able ln gold, another endless chain will be
created and the arguments used against the
greenbacks and treasury notes will then be
turned against silver. Before the attempt to
burden the gold reserve with this new obliga
tion Is consummated, it may be worth while,
to consider the opinion expressed by Secretary
Mr. Carlisle thought It a mistake to com
mence paying ln gold, but considered It dan
gerous to Interfere with the custom after It
was once established. By the same logic It
can be argued that we should not establish
•:ha custom cf redeeming the silver dollars ln
gold.
Mr. Bryan concludes as follows:
Th« measure recommended by the committee
given to the financiers absolute control over the
national debt. They can Increase It any time
by presenting silver dollars for redemption
and compelling an Issue of bonds to replenish
the gold reserve. They can ln the same' way
contract the volume of money In circulation
since money drawn into the Treasury by an
Issue of bonds cannot go out again unless It
Is used to meet current expenses (and that Is
only possible when the expenditures exceed the
receipts), or loaned out to Government banks.
Second. th« conversion of standard silver
dollars into subsidiary coin ia equivalent to
th % "f lr « m « nt o« sHver as standard money
and this Ia the last act In the programme In
stituted some twenty-seven years ago and'oer
elnently pursued ever since.- If this is com
mnntl g °\ » "L" ** "** ORly legZl tender
money and bank paper the only credit money.
™* =• IS"* , nO v . belD ? a e ener -l les-1 tender
and gold not being in circulation among the
people, the masses will be doing their busi
chargr't'heird^ts.^ 111011 £2 BOt IeSally dlS "
To convert a standard money Into a c-edit
money Is to narrow the foundations of our
financial system and at the same time en
large the superstructure. Such a course weak
ens tha system and both hastens catastrophe
and Intensifies It when it comes
It Is estimated that 95 per cent of the busi
ness of the country Is dons with substitutes
for money, but as all the substitutes are con
vertible into money on demand there must
£f™ Proportion between the substitute and the
money beyond which It is not safe to go If
circulation is not a lecal tender, the proportion
between the volume of legal tender money and
substitutes for money Is even greater
The proposed measure by decreasing the
iCvni?/ UU1 ? ate "^"PUoii and increu ng
the volume of promises to ray money still
further enlarge, the proportion between money
fh!? Ju* "J b f£ UU K eS: th)s necessarily adds to
the risk of the business man and lessens in
security of the general public. Iesaens »
n }L^ 1 aay , tlme rorel sn complications or
Km th* 0 " 1 * 1 a . constd<s «t>le exportation of
vo n iu m ro n rbu r s e fn u e c s y oa wm be nw:Msary ia th °
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1901.
Travelers' Outfits.
Dress suit cases, traveling rolls, trunks,
valises, combs, brushes, lap tablets, pock
etbooks." card cases, bill: books, cameras
end toilet articles. -All fine leather goods
lettered in gold free of charge. Best
pood? and lowest' prices. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. . ¦ r - •
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Better Pies
than Grandma
used to make
will be yours if you use
WHITE COTTOLENE.
Grandma, used lard because
she knew of nothing better.
Animal fats (and more espe-
cially hog lard) are mostly im-
pure and are condemned by
eminent physicians everywhere
as unwholesome and unhealth-
fuL There is no hog fat in
White
Cottolene
It is a pure vegetable shorten-
ing, and food cooked with it.is
wholesome, delicious, appetiz-
ing and healthful. Ask your
physician and he will tell you
to use WHITE COTTO-
LENE.
«___~_=-£5» The N.K.Fa!rbank Company,
j^H %t\ Chicajo— Sole M_aar_oturen.
LMfT.'YI'l.l / FDFF' "'A Public Secret."
\flS^_5L' rKLC " O-r dainty booklet.
¦RKWflQSI mailed it— to any addr^s*.
[CJkStw^MwI For two Ic stamps we will
I \SzSE3//5& \ <"*"<J free our 125-pai?»,"reclp»
_f^wJ_Qgf_y book. ••Home Helps," edited
t'~~iy ty Mrs. Rorfr.
P. S.— No Hog Fat in COTTQLEXE
DR.PIERCCS
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
- FOR THE
BLOOD.L1VER.LDNGS.
£f\ > IAI 4% LaSin & Rand Waterproor
I ¦§ Bll. 1 Smokfl'M Powder, tn bulk
I ¦ I 1 IH - nd '°* J '" 1 ln shells. Send
llr.alvKa ror catalogue of sporting
\3 Her KlU roods, geo. w. shreve.
C_» Market «trseC
..- ¦,> THE ES-FOBTD-L | THE EMPOEITJ-L | THE ____POBID_L
m t . - - ;>•¦¦. • •. ¦-<'-'---: •
t Tickets for Bernhardt for sale at our Box Office— CMain-Jlisle. J
K V\Ju||l w%\S^V^^^^ Beginning to-day a.iu during ail next week, if 5
_* Vv) Mh\^wS^y^Mnf/ qumtity last?, we offer an enormous purchase of %
» j \(/^)rj p*U^x \ Corsets, bought at a fraction of their regular wholesale prices — the £
_" /^W/il'i'^x hivgzst birgain we ever hid in th : s department. Jiist think of gen- .«
¦f IHCtUl/'^ s^7: uine"P. D.," «'R. & G.," "W. B.," "J. B.," "I. C," Thorn- «
I? sen's Glove Fitting, Kabo's, Royal Duchesse, and Ferris Waists for Ladies and Children — all a: _5£ on the £
*? pr.OO,33C0nfhe$I.ODand5OZ0nthe$r.OO. All fine shapes, and every size from iS to 36, in black, drab* 5
f[ \vh:te and plenty of Summer Corsets. Sale b:_ios lo-_ay. * j{
•f •..-..•.. jg
_• 2Sc, Instead 0! 75c, 51.00 and $130 — For all sizes of white most of th:m b!a:Ic, som; d'ab and sossr ¦whits, ani {£* 4 iT) fi _[
_* Summtr Corse s and aU fcinis of F=trij Wai.ts (ladiei' andchilircn's), *'•* « IM , regular prices 51.50 to f 5 — :a!e pnee . . . r+S 3 m QJ LP £
V ia s-zcj u to 24 ony, regular prices 75c to Ji. 5 3- glS{% $IiO, Instead Ol $2iO t $3.00, $4.00 __d $5.03— Fcr P. D.'s, •{
K sae P nce - ••• •-• _*•«*«# j a .- j B .^ w _.^ R G.'sand Rqya! Duch.-ssr Ccners, j»
5 50c, Instead 0! 51.00, $1.50 and $2.00— For J. B.'s, W. B.'s nearly all black, but some extra fine whirrs arsd drab?, ai! sizej, repi- J€
»• and Kabo'i, in black, drab and white, sbort and Ida; h r pi B^th** l " P^ M * 2-5 ° t0 5 (eW WerC eTta K - b «)— if CZit *
J. I and long waists, regularly $1 to $i-£als price %3%0G »'e pnee V''^V
_! 75c, Instead o! $150, $2.00 and $2.50— For R. & G., n;w $2^5, Instead ol $3J50— For one Ine of Black Royal ,D_ch- £
l; shoit straight frcnt, in Hack only; a$o P. D.'s, W. B.V, J D.'s «e Conea, htary bones, silk flosssi, shcr: hips, O**p *% Cm X
J and Kabo's, mostly blacks, but drab'or white if you waat < _f/T_ r _ «?alar!y fj-SO—sa'e pr.ee ; <CP&*B6m%J m %
X them, rrgular prices $1.25 to $1.50— ?ale price .... M *9Er $4.95. Instead ol 57-50 — For a silk- embroidered, straight-front J
£ $1.00, Instead Ol $2.C0, $2.50 and $3.00— For P. D."s, Royal Dachesse or La Vida Corset, embroidered all O*JW Q gS *
Jf- R. & G.'., W. B.;»-, J. B.'s, Kibo;s, Thomson's and Warner's, over with ilk flowers, reg_!ar pike $7.50; sa!e price $
g Special Salt of Imported I •¦' J/alentinOSm Laces 5c Yard. '|
*f Tg%Sta4 Q«_2_n " , , • • « i_ in A ipedxl purchaje of tcoo tirds cf EnzIIih .f
_| lOliet aOap, A "big section of the Second floor Torchon Lace, suitable tor nirnrmng L,die»- •*
k We have bought at . auction i coo boxes cf f iven over to the display and sale of Underwear, Children** D.ejsei and Wrap- %
$ highly scented Toilet Soap, manafacti^d by- Valentinci.' • The largest assortment F«-cn »P«»J '-«= to day only, per _ >C
Zf L. Bjneaux, Pans. There- are three poru- , , , V _-J . ¦_?_?•*
tt lar odors in this lot-Rose de Apes, He'Jo- and lowest prices in the C tv. J • " ' • / ¦ "5
_| trop: d; A!pes and Violet de A'pes. I: is Fancy Lice Valer.t"nrs 12 Lr 5c, and • — £.
J packed 4. cakes in a box, an! if bought in the '.1o. 2C 3C, 4C, 5C, iOC gr%m __- *» •"•
fc* regu'ar way wcu'd have to be sold at 25c. Fancy Drop Valentines C'OtfllllO Ss/CS &
*I Will be placed on sale in main aisls to-day IOC. 12c. 15O, 20o, 25o - ** »_ "¦' X
J and a'so Saturday if quantity lasts; 0% Fancy Card Valentines fOtOtOc WOr t rtttajf
V box of 4 cakis for '. . . . . BUG Fancy Novelty Valentino -.#•/# Qo irtyrfm* S
K ¦ ...ioc, i5c, 20c. 25c. 35c ana aaiuraay, - s
J. Half Price Fancy Valentinei in hoiei. . 1OC tO S2m*>O
$ **?d -LeSS for entities, except the 12 \for 5c and ic fe?f .;
g ' • Skirts, Jackets kinds. x iJ J&L •*
s and Gapes. *?£& ltrg ;- 6{oT f £* (r(\ f$fr\ /ftzf\\ : *
» '¦'•"..- "¦* Comic Valsnunes, i.-nall. 20 for OO \ \l\p^[ \ / I JT »\ •*
i *=& *&& M\ Special Sate I^aAI' ' U-4 ¦• \l
I -W M m Golf Skirtings. W&fjt '¦ j\\ T" 5
S -i^V^rs. jk_^ v^A c ace on !a ' e to -d*y -Bout 500 yards of our " \\ I \' 1 . / . £ L\ «
_* /^S=^ I regn!ar |i. 5_, {1.7; an! $2.00 q_a'ide$ cf 1 YV 1 Hi / / ! L f* li
"" J. 'LT.U LJ JvFtk \ Mi/j/&*. heavy-weight materiiij for the «hort and VL, VI; J I £r •*
Jl TSl^o^ ff\ J$ I \ £**&££?%& ankle length skirts and bicycle suits at a j \ \ Hi_f / /j
tf \ !v^Tr~<7 l/~* 2 l\ \^3^&£j - Ita: re^ uc - ori QTn rcg«~r prices. Tfc:/ I / \ 1 l|j _. __ ' * J -J
V 1 7 ____< § '• y^^^Sfc' . range from 51 inches to 56 inches in W W, 11 I - ; ; tJ
_• I JC_1/ HTa U £^__ \ I* wiith, »nd there is a ;p!end:d as:ortment of J^ )j> /^ ! 1 f / .*•
fc * w^( T^^l (I \ colors in the lot, including light and medium _^2— " ff J} r"^ 1 1 ' 1/ «J
Jk* ¦ ffifiSu^oBfcy^ "^^__3^^ E 13 )" 5 ' nied'um brown, ravy, garnet and j^a __^ I | j7 "^
K -vir.N/ ' ire-erat pretty mixtures. O»* fptcial sale 1 1 _f "*?
$ New _$8.;o, »,o.oo. $,z. 5 o b» S* |
Ji Skirts, pebble and ordinary cheviot; '¦ u . " _,_ . ,„ .. _ . . _ -• 'x
I P uin _d »___. n wS ,o.oo, Groceries To-Day. 5
J $ 1 5.00 and $20.00 Silk-lired Jack- Laundry Soap— Proctor & Gamble.** famous S^n-Bloch Co. make, medium and Ejhs J
_f *' etsj .all Stvles and colors. And L«noi, on special sale to-day _^i?_r_, shades of gray, bsauti-uUy lined and tinishei, %
K $S. SO, $ IO.OO, and SIC.OO Golf only— 9 bans- proper fWder fit and 'correct h_n 5 , tome >T
\t Canes- a ereat varietv All at on- Cofee— BjK Java and Mo.ha, AA *?&* thou.den and cuS, all nzv, $
k L-apes, a great varietv. ah at on. J 2si0C •P na 8 tibrica - °^^ -« "^ "P^r 5
I exjaordmary clearing pnee to-day Sod T Cr^JZ s^^^-^^.39a %<?^t^-*^^Fridaja»JX
* and to-morrow., £— f*f* Olve O:i-McEwen's, a pure Cali'-otnia Oive Saturday only &9.SJ5 %
tC .wp%0mW OU for tails aid medicinal purpose •; to-day, *p**B%*%*
* $4-00. $5.00 ard $6.00 Waists, $2 .50— quart bottles 75o Boys* $5 3-Piece Suits 53.4S-A_-Wool X
j» Fine «ilk trimmed French Flannel and Si k (polled Oats — BeK Eastern tO tbs 2SO Chenict and Fancy Mixture*, touad-cut rack -5
i! Wiists: wme of them a little mused, some j^ a -j e Sy:u>— L03 Cibin, fall qtiar: dns; to- coa:s » <Jo-b_-brc_~td »est3 and knee piatj, x
_| a litt'e soled and some a little faded, but not j,™ * - .35o P^ ce£ fittng and well made, sizes for agt« It
5 enough to really hurt; a great varisty ani all " ' " * !__ 13 to 16 rears, extra good »a'ue at }J — tJ
K s.res; to^iay and to-mor- g-f% UUUOr SpCCialS. *^f Friday and Sx'.- &*% Jff* \
» row; your choice *p£*iM%0%M • u-_- 1 n • , * .. urdjy onlv %P&a*TO .«
If ' Champion Uhisky— Reguarl* $1 a gallon; to- .•«
5 ~ m^ day : $2.4O B °V»' 53_50 2.P«Ct Suit! $2-43— A!!- Wool -<
tf LSSttteSi HOSO MMCm Champajn:— Baron Rceier'.-; a choice Cali- B: ° e Cheriots and Fancy .Mixtarrs, doub^- •*
K Lidies' a^olutely Fait B ack Cotton Hoie, fornia product; beastrd coat and knee pint* for boyj S Jf
\ fancy lace drop stitch, double heels and so^es; To-day, «;uar: bott'e3 ...... 6O0 to 15 years, doub'e seatj and knees, a Ji
5 a gocxJ-.!ooIiing, good-wearing Stocking; wilj To day, pint bottles 35O strong school r_it, worth regulariy fio 3 -— 2
»' be placed on tali this day only; per <tf Gin — Botrled by Thome & Sons, London; reg_- » r " ci - 1 Friday and Sat- <J*^2> JflG X
_• pair! .....; : . I* C ¦ larly $1 a bcttle-txiay 75c urdj S onl T m T%f J-
tl — — ______________________________________________________________________ ___________________________ qg
% Playing Cards, fOc eggaggagp ft93^S^ R _%9__»ll __ E_^^3 Valien ' s Cigars, 3 -2
ti pack of cards mafe. Phctoeraph I ¦I'_L _ -c^^b^ «_. "*~^ 8 Y HH *'*-¦ On tp;c;jl _lc Friday ani "^
K . of Emporium on backs. * g~ W 1 - VOMICnKnle DflUEaaP* **3 Saturday, 3 for __ * }t
J Friday and Saturday. ... I UG CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE .' 25 C 'J
*Jt*A'A'A*-4-*-*'* -i -I a* '**'* A A* *'A * m * _! _t U „ A A 'A -5 *-tVt -1 It V» '-'-¦/-•_.'-¦__ '« '* „ ,4 Vl _t V» _> "_- _ U J VCC 'A 'A
ADV-_R-TSE_-E-reS.
THE ROOT OF THE MATTER.
He Cared Hi__s«l_ cf Serious Stomach
Trouble Dow_ to First Principles.
A man cf large ailalrs la caa cf our
j-Tcrniseiit Eastern cities by too dose at-
uen_— — to business, too little exercise and
tno i__rr club dinners, finally began to
-&y nature's tax, levied in the form ot
ri-.ror.ic etci_ach trouble: the failure of
his "digestion brought about a nervous ir-
rttaMHTy. rna._lngr it Impossible to apply
iumseif to his dally business and finally
r.crangir.g the kidneys and heart.
In hi* oxm words he says: "I consulted
rr:e f">'slcian ;ifter aj-.otner ar.d each one
5»fn;ed to -ndersisnd my case, but all the
fime thfy each faiie<1 to brir.£ about the
return of my forrr.er digestion, appetite
and vig-or. For two year? I went from
j-.Illar to post, from or.e sanitarium to an-
other. I gave up evoking, I <ju!l coJTee
and even renounced my daily gla^s or two
of beer, but without any marked improve-
ment.
"Friends had often advised me to trv a
•well known proprietary medicine. Stuaft's
!>\ spepsia Tablets, and I had often j
rerused the newpaper advertisements of j
the remedy, but never took any stock in
advertised inecieir.es nor could believe a I
£'"<-cent patent __e_ld_M -would touch my
case.
"To raake a 'cr.c 6tcry 6hort. I finally
Imught a co-pla cf packages at the near-
est drug- stcre ajid took two or three
tablets _T:er eac:i meal end occasionally a
tablet be:-.een meals, when I felt any
feelirjr ci nausea or discomfort.
"I was Burprt-e- at the end of the first
•week to note a marked improvement in
my Ejrr<?tite ar.d general health and be-
frre ;he tv,o packages were gone I -was I
certain thai Stuart # s Dyspepsia Tablets i
-•ere gcir.g: to cure completely and thrv j
dl_ not disappoint me. I can eat and i
e:eep ar.d enjoy my coffee and cigar and :
r.o ore would suppose I had ever known '
the hcrrcrs cf -yspepsia.
"Ottt cf friendly curiosity I wrote to the !
rroprfetcrs of the remedy asking for in-
formation as to what the tablets con- I
Tained and they replied that the principal |
ir.^recller.ts were aseptic pepsin (Govern- •
ment test), malt d!astas« and other i
natural digestive-, -w_:ch digest food r*- t
pardless cf the condition of the stomach." i
The root of the matter is thi* the d!?f s- J
tive elements contained ln Stuart's Dvs- ;
prpsia Tablets will digest the food, give '
the overworked stomach a chance to re- '
cuperate and the r.erves and whole svstem J
receive the nourishment which can only I
come from food; etimulafits and nerve j
tor.lcs never sive real strength, th^y give
a fictitious strength, invariably followed j
by reaction. Every drop of blood, every j
Mm and tissue is manufactured from j
cur dally food, and If you can insure its
prompt action ar.d complete digestion by I
the regruiar use cf so pood and wholesome ]
a remedy as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. !
yc-j will have r.o r.eed ci nerve tonics or !
sanitariums. i
Although Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets i
have been in t;:« market only a few years, j
vet probably every drcfrtf-t in the United I
Ftates, Canada ar.fi Great Britain now j
*e!Is them and consider them the most
popular and successful of any prepara-
tion fcr stomach troubles.
AVOID COLD OR- CHILL
I which often leads to The Crip.
Wfaea chillv or exhausted take a
cup of \vanr::_£. stimulating beef
tea made £rc__ the well-known
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
OF BEEF.
Savory and Sustaining.
/ _*f as I 3 . 1 "** or butter I
/ /JmBL axid is better! j
§MM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have b««n !n us« over fifty
y«»rs by the leaders of th« !
Moraca Cljurch and their fol- j
lewers. Positively cures th«
wcrst cases la old and younc
arising from eSTects of s«lf-
sbuw. fiirsip—tion. excesses or
<-lg_:— tt»-zxnokins. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
¦ Fewer. Night Losses. Insom-
r.'.a. Pains la Eack. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. UnCtneM to Mar-
ry. Loss of S-ra«n. y _^ Varlcocele or Con-
¦_p__O_> Stops Ne f_i «J nous Twitching
cf Erellds. Effects * r * immediate.
Irr-part M?nr ani *' t " r; ' potency to every
function. Dcn't get despondent: a cere Is at
h_n3. Restores email, undeveloped onrans.
Stimulates th* brain and n*-rve centers; 50c a
bcx; « fcr K 50 by ir.a!l. A written guarantee to
cure or rr.ccey refunded with *> bcxee. Circulars I
free.' Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 45 E'.Us I
rr... Pan Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO..
t% and 49 Third st-
CR. "TUB WOO TEA AKD HEEB BAUITAaiUM,
:ei-T6« CLAT STBIET.
San Frar.cisco. Dec 14. 1300.
Ee_"^j3| To _:; «hoa tt r=ay concern:
f ~flf In Decercber. 1SSS. I was talcea
ke J tick with Black Typhoid Fever.
fL; «f tfce most virulent typ* knowa to
\C_I ir.e_ical science. I had hemor-
rbifet. both ra*al and lnt»stl-
ra!. eitit cT the latt-r occur-
•»/*..,i.;*J_" Woo, the eminent Chinese phy-
sician was called, and with or.e dos« cf his
tea. etorped the flow cf blood, thereby saving
my life, as I t»ad been siven up by my whit*
pfcriician as well as by all ray friends. Was
__cca*clc_« four weeks, but by Dr. Wong Woo's
-fcr-der^ul skill *¦¦• saved rsy life from this most
fatal of all fevers. Although I was confined to
icy bed three rnor.th*. — ras able to i— sum* my
vocation in six incr.ths from the time I went to
bed. and new I weigh K2 pousds, more than I
fcad ever attained previously. I would cheerfully
recorr.ir.end Dr. Wcr.g Woo to any one in need
cf a firs t-<-l«** rhyslctan for any cause wcatso-
e-er.— RALPH M. FOLKS. 113 Golden GaU»
«\f . gan Francisco. Cal.
»«_»»<CSr^_*tM m E!s *¦ '• * -cn-pdaenow
«<*_(S5_*' a^_iJa T'Oi-^r for Oonorrha-a,
V^^CCEEs'^3 S-'fT 1 - ?r'mtto,rha^ .
y»4Jg^, a 1 vs C«ir»^S '"• u n natural dia-
E&Sj G_r»c-«ii Q charp , or »cy l^iarans-
Sf*i»j toi \c mttir*. t:on, I rit*t:on cr tlcf:*-
?~"tu eoEt*t.oc tioa f cnrou m»ni-
P7r\*r'i.i*zC'>Zii 'tiCn. branes. >'oc-»5trinr"__
15ea:"*:' l<1 «' : -»-_^ ftoio by Drneiuu,
v*ffl^ r s.A _S» cr • fct la r : * 1a "'"^r^-. !
"V^Sjggg^^XV ~* -'— ailar sent c_ re<ja3«_,
_^VDEVV_Y,STRONG ScCO.^gS
v. -! PATENTS r
MARKET bT.SjNS«y
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USS DAUIANA BITTERS, THE
*-» crcat Mexican remedy; _ive» health and
rtrength to sexual organs. XXepot. X3 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
COAL, COXE AND Pit) IRON.
J C WILSOV _ CO -*? b»««t str««_
J-W- nlLJU.l _ VU-. -«leDhone Main U*4.
COPPERSMITH.
f W SMIT H ! fc!p f>:usiW:i r. 8t«iabMit tad
t- !T • 3 Jll I 11 £hlr Work a specialty. U and
:> XVashinrton St. Teleahone Main 6641.
FRESH A!TO SALT MEATS,
lie RAiTS£fO fc'Wpp-wt Butchers. 104
JA_- DUIt5<_ tJ- Clay. TeL Main 1214:
OILS.
X-tTBRTCATTXG OIL-!. LEONARD * ELLIS.
<a Frost ¦_. 6. F. Phone Mala I7i».
paiNTiko.
£• Cr IllGfiES. ill Eanscma st.. S. F.
PHINTERS. BOOK EINDER3.
THE UICKS-JUDD CO-
SI First st..* Ean Fx_._eis«.
STATIONER AND PRINTER-
...errghic pAgTfilDGE » raU
I White Enamel
Iron Bed,
brass rail as. c toustl-gs. '
Many other barg_!_s equal!? _¦ |
rocd In our V
Farniture.and V
J Carp3t Departments. )
f Would be pleased to eatlm-t* on
If complet* housefnrnishlae — w •
j can sare you money.
p CREDIT EXTENDED. ,|
ft Free delivery — Uhin 50O mil- /
C ob)_ worth and orer.
j) T. Brilliant Furniture Co.,
IS 3.8-34- Post St.
It »»_r r»-i!_ Ojra -Ttiuagm.
OR,1¥ERS&CO, jj|p&
Specialist.'?. Disease jJBr ¦
and weakness of jfifr£ -_JJ
men. Established
1SS1. Consultation llW A_?»\£f
and private book \5_\. ./ «__ I
fr<?e. at oCSce or by / *f3&jL
mail. Cures puar- J ' af^fV ~3l
ket street (elevator A** Sy_ivy
entrance). San A VjnSttgS^
Frar.cisco. -^-Sr^S—r—sRBeh*
Avisrr OR. JORDAN'S orcat^
{MUSEUM OF. ARAT01IY*
9 9 ittl-lXXRST.Ui.C-mir.C-.i
_ car T_t L-ryett Aa-W-uc_l Mm— — 1>« \
w fa "..f _Ji. - W«t— 1% ahw er *.i» nuinwn A
/fs 9T| 2>pc-aJ-c rm __ Co-k. En yt r-ura. 9
1 1 A §g 1 C*. JCROAN-fTUIfATI DISEASES $
i I iS^t D T~ ument p™ oitaliy «r b» S'.n^r. X m
' fl If ~| ¦ *•" -*•"• *— ' ••—«•«*» ——• H__er__«_, ~
#B U (l_> V-nttfo, I»oek. rBILOHUPIK «t A
• 11 T ««»aiicc. mai__> »___. uf
\ ' OB. JUBDA.V1 1 © . K31 _t-r_«t 8_.& F. f
ft < ~fc-~»-^^^»
D T> TT C LI 17 C **° R barbers, bak-
1J-LU_J11Ij_D «~». bootblacks, bach-
****"* billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, c-nners.
dyers. Courrnllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shce factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofars. tasaer*. tailors, eta.
' BUCnA.NA.N BRO£..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento SiAt Hotel Del Coronado
The season Is now on at full tide. American
and European plans. Best of everything, in
cluding the character of, entertainment. Apply
4 New Montgomery st.,. city, ; for special ticket.
I; Our Cuban friends/are accepting Uncle Sam's prop
osition of guardianship with every possible expression
of disgust. They may, however, on second thoughts,
conclude that it is better to be wards than prisoner.;,
and that the inevitable is one of those things to which
submission must be made.* v V;
Manager of Bellvoo Hospital— You say
you are an applicant for. position of
nurse? - : *
Applicant— TesS, sir. ' : ¦ - ; .
•'What, experience have you had?"
"Played 'on college, football team for
two seasons."— Yonkers Statesman.
"What are your recollections • of West
Point?' asked the social reformer.- ;
"Rather "hazy." replied the ex-cadet,
sententlously.— Philadelphia Record.
RED CLOTH COSTUME.
The tailor-made costume represented I s *
of . red . cloth ornamented with narrow
bands of , red satin. The bolero has a
large , rounded collar. .The costume is
lined _with pearl' gray satin.*-
A young rascal who finds amusement in whipping
his parents failed in an effort the other day tp hang
himself in the City Prison. He expresses gre^t sor
row at his failure, and may be assured that he has
the complete sympathy of the public.
Another American is determined that he can reach
the north pole. Somebody ought to write his obitu
cry for him before he starts on the trip. He might
favor us before he goes ivith a few opinions on the
divine right of fools to indulge their folly.
The angry woman who tried recently to throw her
husband overboard from a transport probably thought
that nothing else than a spectacular finish would bs
a fit climax to his career. He ought to be promoted
fcr resenting her efforts to make him a hero.
• * ¦
Sacramento insists that the appropriation of $50,000
for a Governor's mansion shall not be withdrawn.
The people of the city probably forget the penalty
they would have to pay ih having his Excellency with
them always. Some luxuries are too expensive.
Whatever else may be said Mayor Phelan ,js at
least consistent in his theories of licensed crime. He
v.-ould make the Chinese gamblers pay us for their
dissipation and make us pay the harpies of the race
track for ours.
The haste with which Governor Gage is insisting
ihzi his health bills, so called, shall be rushed through
the Legislature suggests that the measures must con
tain some strong element of ii'-health which may de
stroy them upon investigation.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Sh » e s^g h f r bonnvt was a dream.
And thanked him all. the day for it;
To him a nightmare It did seem.
Because he had to pay for It.
. — PhiladelDhia Record.
"It will be some time before the Filioi-
P.°s can properly enjoy the Christmas fes
tivities. • ' ~
"How so?"
"They'll have to lean* to wear stock
ings nrst."— Cleveland PlAln Dealer.
nui!?\£ hurch r5, !d you say your husband
liked these clingrin^ gowns?
Mrs. Gotham — Yes: av likes one to-clins
to me for about four seasons.— Yonkers
Statesman.
Old Gentleman— Here. sir. how Is It I
catch you k!s.«ln? my daughter?
Lover— By sneaking in on us. sir —
Philadelphia Press;
Once upon a time fate gave a man thn
silver tongue. ¦
But the public, on the other hand jravo
him the tin ear. "
"Alas!" cried the man. "The rift nr
fate avails me nothing!" OI
¦ This fable teaches that parts cut bur
little Ice without opportunity.— Detroit
Journal. * ¦ ¦ t
"Education may be a peat thing." sa i d
the sad-looking man, "but If I hadii t
been a man of letters I'd have had !•»«
trouble." •- . . ¦ s
"Indeed?" inquired the casual acqualnt
"Yes. I woudn't have been mixed «m in
Standard! 1 ° f proml3e su »t/'-Catholic
WfJR TfJX REDUCTIONS.
rROM the manner in which the Senate ha3
treated the House bill providing for a reduction
of taxes under the war revenue act it looks as
if there might be a disagreement between the two
houses which will lead to a deadlock so far as this
session is concerned. Well informed experts at Wash
ington report it is doubtful whether a House revenue
bill was ever before so disfigured in the Senate. It
appears that what is virtually a new bill has been pre
pared by the Senate and that when it goes to the
House the framers. will find nothing of their original
bill except the title.
It will be a difficult point for the leaders of th;
House to determine whether or no the Senate amend
ments should be accepted so as to enable a prompt
passage of the act at this session. It is well known the
people desire a reduction of the war taxes, that the
Government does not need all the revenue derived from
it, and furthermore that it would be expedient to make
the reduction at this session. On the other hand there
are good reasons for objecting to it. The Senate bill
may be in some respects better than that of the House,
but in many it is certainly worse. The efforts made
to provide that telegraph and express companies shall
be compelled to bear the burden of the tax upon mes
sages and packages were defeated. Thus one of the
most important points which the public demanded in
the way of revision has been denied, and the measu -e,
if adopted as it .leaves the Senate, will be the subject
of even more dissatisfaction than was shown toward'
the original act.
iN'is by no means desirable that there should be a
deadlock on a matter of this kind. The session is
rapidly approaching its close, and perhaps it might
be as well to arrange a compromise and pass the re
duction bill at once, but even if that be done there will
be little credit gained by the performance. The war
revenue bill was drawn and passed in a hurry to me :t
the emergency of war. Consequently no one was
surprised when grave defects were found in it, and
no condemnation was pronounced upon the Congre/s
that enacted it. At this time, however, a different
situation prevails. Congress has had ample time to
note the operation of the act and observe its defects.
There can be no excuse, therefore, for the action of
the Senate in refusing to so amend the measure as
BRYAN flND VfJN WYCK.
THE Mayor of New York refused to half-mast
the city flag on the death of Victoria.
No one cared much whether the flag of King
Croker was unfurled on that occasion by his vassal
and the keeper of his great seal. As the incident was
not attracting' as much attention as' the Mayor- wished
he began to give reasons for it in order to keep it be
fore the public. After submitting several he finally
said that he refused to half-mast the flag for the
Queen because he did not do it oh the death of the
Boer general, Joubert. The reason was of the sort
of logic which appeals to Colonel Bryan, and he re
sponded'in his weekly paper and put himself on the
wires again to this effect: "Mayor Van Wyck pre
sented a complete defense when he cited the failure
to pay this tribute to Joubert as a precedent. If a
flag on a public building is not made to pay tribute
to the memory of v a hero who died in freedom's holy
cause, then it is not extremely important that the flag
be required to pay tribute to kings and queens. There
are some people in this country who are more anxious
to pay tribute to monarchs than to recognize the
merits of free men."
There are also some people in this country who see
right through a turgid demagogue. Van Wyck, the
Mayor of New York, controls the flag of the city. He
is the man behind the halliards. He is the' one who
did not pay tribute to the memory of a hero who died
in freedom's holy cause! He could have flagged .the
departed hero if he wanted to, but he didn't. Indeed
it is probable that, he failed to think of the hero and
that he and King Croker were too much absorbed
in Tammany's holy cause to give any attention to
Dame Freedom her hero, i He had in view no
principle at all in the failure to honor Joubert, and
toquote that failure as, a precedent for not honoring
the Queen, who owned much real estate despoiled of
taxes by Tammany in New York and whose flag shel
ters King' broker's English residence,"shooting es
tate, racing stable and ten thousand dollar bull pup,- is
all an afterthought of the most-belated and post
mortem kind. »
Bryan doesn't sec how very funny he seems to all
sensible people. One week he eulogizes the dead Queen,
as floridly as if he had been born within sound of the
Bow bells, and the next he rolls his eyes and bites
hia thumb at : monarchs and potentates and indorses
Van Wyck for saying that lie will not honor the
Queen because he did, not honor Joubert! ~
NEW TORK. Feb. 7.— The following
Callfornians are registered at the various
hotfls: San Francisco— J. Coleman is at
the Rossmore: Mrs. H. Finegas Is at the
Astor: K. Korn is at the Marlborough:
Miss Lucile Is at the Holland: Mrs. M. J.
Purney and Mrs. 0. K. Sterling are at the
Grand; A.' Voorsanger is at the Marlbor
ough; .J. B. Wattles is at the Hoffman:
II. R. "Williams Jr. is at the Broadway
Central. From San Diego— w. P, Bowers
Is at the Broadway Central. From L03
Angeles— S. J. Keese is at the Imperial.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
FASHION HINTS FROM PARIS.
CALIFOBNIANS IN WASHIN-GT01<.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 7.— Arrivals: St
James — W. C. Harri3 and wife, N. Zessla:
and wife of L*>3 Angeles. Raleigh— F
Brooks of San Francisco. Metropolltan-
C. Hlckmott of San Francisco. * r
* ; — •!
WITH no little gratification the people of San
Francisco have watched the earnest efforts of
the Assembly Investigating Committee to get
the truth and the whole truth concerning the charges
of corrupt bargain between the police authorities and
the gamblers of Chinatown. What has been done by
the committee thus far gives promise of yielding good
results to the community. The investigation has beer,
conducted on a broad scale, and the public is confi
dent it will continue so to the end.
, Such being the case the people have a right to ex
pect that among: the witnesses examined will be cx-
Po!ice Commissioner Biggy. Since ex-Commissioner
McNutt has given testimony there is no reason why
Mr. Bijrgy should not be called. In fact, the testi
mony of Mr. Bigg}- is likely to be much more val
uable than that of his former colleague, for during his
service on the commission Mr. Biggy acted as Chief
cf Police and in that capacity entered actively upon
the task of suppressing gambling and other violations
By reason of his experience while acting as Chief
of Police Mr. Biggy undoubtedly learned much of th=
nature and extent of the violations of law in China
town, and his testimony on that subject will undoubt
edly throw light on all problems in relation to its
suppression. It is well known that when he was at
the head of the Police Department there was no com
promise with the criminals. He did not content hini
self with sending a subordinate to enforce the law.
He went himself. If called to the stand he can ex
plain to the committee whether or not it is possible
to suppress gambling, lottery games and other forms
of vice in Chinatown, rnd how the suppression can be
effected.
The Investigating Committee should by all means
follow tip the precedent they set in examining ex-
Commissioner McNutt by getting the testimony of ex-
Commissioner and ex-Chief of Police Biggy.
0N IMPORTANT WITNESS.
John Hale, a contractor of Portland, Or.,
is at the Lick.
Clarence Eddy, the well-known organist.
Is at the Palace.
W. C. Pousette, M. D.. of Orange. Cal.,
Is a guest at the Occidental.
"W. E. Woolsey, the prominent frultmaa
of Santa Rosa, is at the Occidental.
Railroad Commissioner N. Blackstocls
of Ventura has registered at the Grand.
Customs Collector Stratton is confined
to his home with an attack; of the grip.
Samuel M. Shortridge and Colonel
George Stone returned yesterday - from
Washington, E>. C. Mr." Shortridee was
honored by being selected to carry thg
official returns of the Presidential elec
tion In California to the national capital.-
He reports having had an enjoyable trip.
PERSONAL MENTION.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NEW OR-
LEANS— A. O. S. The population of San
Francisco according to the census of 1900
is 342.7S2, and that of New Orleans 2S7.104.
A "WIDOW— M. P.. Benlcia, Cal- The
widow of a veteran of the Civil. War Is
entitled to a pension after her husband's
death, no matter if she married Just be
fore or Immediately after the war or in
1S&9.
TRANSPORT SERVICE— "W. L. B. For
employment In the transport service ap
plication should be made at the army
I building on New Montgomery street, be
tween Market and Mission. *
HOLD OVERS— F. B., City. The list of
hold overs and present Senators and the
list of Assemblymen of the California
legislature is to be found on the second
page of the San Francisco Call in the is
sue of January 7, current year.
OREGON LANDS— W. E. P.. Lakeview.
Or. Fot information about the 003 quarter
sections of land In Oregon to be thrown
open to settlers, write to the General
Land Office at AVashlngton, D. C, or to
the United States Land Office in Lagrande
or the one In Burns, Or.
MAIL TO MANILA-N. F. M., City.
All steamers that sail from San Francisco
for Manila direct or for the Orient carry
United States mall. A letter sent by
transport win take about the same time
to reach Manila as If sent by steamers
going to China.
McKINLET AND BRYAN— A. S-. City.
At the November election In 1900 McKln
ley*s popular vote over Bryan was 832.2S0,
McKlnleys popular vote over all candi
dates was 443,054. His electoral vote ov< r
fO'an was 137. The total popular vote was
SHAKING DICE-L; B., Colfax. Cal. If
at dice shaking A should throw the high
est throw. 40. then - go away, and then
another should tie that throw, no out
sider would have the right to throw. for
A to decide the tie, unless A on leaving
had left word that In case of a tie some
one else could throw for him. »
HENRY THE EIGHTH— A. S.. Lti
grange, Cal. The King of England who
had so many wives beheaded was Henry
VIII.. He probably would have had his
last wife executed, but by chance a-cour
tier let fall a paper which disclosed the
King's intention and she acted 'in so dip
lomatic a manner by reason of ascertain
ing her husband's intention that he was
completely won over to her.
ANNIE LAURIE— M. J. M., City. Annio
Laurie was the eldest of four daughters
of Sir Robert Laurie of Maxwelton. In
1709 she married James Kergusson of
Craigdarroch and was the mother of
Alexander Fergusson, the hero of*BurnV
song "The Whistle. The gong "Ann!o
Laurie" was written *v William Douglass
of Fingland, in the stewardry of Klrcu<l
bright. hero .of the sons, "••Willie "Was a
Wanton Wag." An old ballad has the fol
lowing: Sir Robert Laurie was the fir%f
baronet of the Maxwelton family (created
March 27. 1865). He had three" sons and ?ou r
daughters, of whom Annie was a much
celebrated beauty, who made a conquest
of Mr. Douglass of .Fingland, who com
posed verses under an unlucky star— for
the lady married Mr. Ferguson of Cralir
darroch." The present air of the son »
was by Lady John Scott (Alicia Anno
Spotinwoode). The song writen by Dour
lass contained but two verses: the pres
ent one has three. Douglass* ideas are
retained in the later day sonsr. but many
of the words have besn chanced "~V
rlous living by dredging oysters at Perth
Amboy. Vanderbilt was noted for his
nerve and skill as a waterman. One
stormy night in winter "William Gibbons,
president of the ! New York and New
Brunswick Company, was at Perth Am
boy and desired most earnestly to get
across the Sound to Tottenville. None of
the boatmen would consider an offer to
row him across until Vanderbilt offered to
do so. The trip was dangerous, but the
men landed on the Staten Island shore in
safety. Gibbons was appreciative of the
good qualities yanderbilt had displayed
and made him captain and part owner of
a small oyster sloop. A successful sea
son put him in control of a little capital,
and Gibbons, who always remained his
firm friend, advised him to take the man
agement of the Bellonia Hotel, which then
needed some one to take charge. Vander
bilt did so and began to make money at
once. His wife would attend to the hotel
,and Vanderbilt served a» captain on one
of the freight boats of the company, this
position, too, coming to him through Gib
bons' patronage.
Vanderbilt assumed charge of tfie Bel
lonia in 1825. A few hundred yards to the
north Is the' Vanderbilt residence, occu
pied for a time by Vanderbilt and his fam
ily, after increasing good fortune had
made Mrs. Vanderbilt desire to exchange
the hotel quarters for a private residence.
PAPERS BY 'EXPERTS.
YESTERDAY The Call announced that upon the
termination of the - series • of Home Circle
Studies there would begin a new series of papers
to be known as "The Current Topics Club." At that
time information was given of the general subjects
which would be taken up on the different days of the
week and the name of the editor who would have
charge of each subject. We now direct attention to
the details of- some of the series in order that our
readers may have a fuller understanding of the treat
prepared for theip.
The papers that are to appear on Monday, for ex
ample, are to deal with "The Opportunity and the
Man," and, as was announced yesterday, President
Draper of the University of Illinois will act as editor
and Senator Hoar wiil contribute the concluding ar
ticle. In the- course of that series there are to be
papers' by William B. Rankin, the electrical engineer
who "harnessed Niagara Falls"; Timothy Kinney of
Wyoming, who is said to own more sheep than any
one else on earth; W. W. Duson, the "rice king" of
Louisiana; ' Hugh Chisholm, the well-known pa
per manufacturer of Maine; R. S. Brookings, the
millionaire merchant of St. Louis; the famous en
gineer, Corthell; .the great watch manufacturer,
Dueber; Cramp, the well-known'ship-builder; Ed
win Reynolds, one of the greatest machinery experts
in the country, and other such successful business men
as Barber, the manufacturer of matches, Wilcox, the
prominent miller of Oregon, and F. A. Heinze,~th2
so-called "copper king" of Montana.
It will be perceived that papers by such men will
have a practical value. Those men have learned in the
world of work how to recognize an opportunity when
they see it and also how to profit by it. They repre
sent nearly all lines of business and all sections of the
United States. What they have to tell has been de
rived from the lessons of actual experience. They
know whereof they speak, and their advictf and guid
ance will be of high value to every young man and
young woman in the country who is confronted with
the necessity of earning a living and who has an am
bition to achieve a career of usefulness in the domain
of industry.
Next consider the widely different series which is to
appear on Tuesdays. That series is to give an account
of "Colonial Governments of To-day," and is to be
in charge of Professor Finley of Princeton. The peo
ple who have had the greatest amount of experience
in governing all sorts of colonies in our time are the
British, and consequently it is among them that some
of the principal writers on the subject have been
sought. Among the papers are to be: "Mauritius,"
by Edgcumbe Staley of London, author of "The Arni3
and Badges of British Colonies"; "Zanzibar," by
Walter Hodgson of Keble College, Oxford; "The
Empire of India," by Edgcumbe Staley; "Why
Great Britain Succeeds as a Colonizer," by Alfred
Stead of London, Fellow of the Royal Colonial In
stitute. In addition there are to be papers on other
important British colonies, as well as colonies of the
Dutch, French, Germans and Portuguese.
It will be seen from the names given that the papers
of this series, like those of the Monday series, are to
be contributed by experts and will be full of instruc
tion for all students.* The papers of the series. to be
published on each of the other days of the week will
be equally authoritative and interesting. We shall re
fer to them more in detail later on, but for the pres
ent the series referred to will serve as illustrations of
the care taken to make the Current Topics Club well
worthy the attention of all classes of readers, from
those who wish nothing more than an interesting ar
ticle to those who desire to make a sincere study of
the salient features of events of our time.
The series is to begin Monday, February 18, and
will continue for four months. It will be well for all
readers to begin the series with the first number, and
they should therefore look o'it for it.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Danger to Niagara Falls.
Danger to Niagara Falls from the rapid
diversion of water for Industrial purpose
Is being pointed out by the Commission
ers of tbe Niagara Falls reservation.
They claim that in the interest of pre
serving the lake levels— threatened by
numerous canal projects, and In that of
the scenic beauty of the falls, the State
should enforce Its right to charge corpora
tions or individuals for tne use of this
water; or to prevent Its further diversion
by legislative enactment. The amendment
suggested to existing law on this. head is
vigorously opposed— as might be imag
ined.—St. Louis Star.
Premium on Footpads.
Several years ago, when St. Louis was
overrun with highwaymen, the quiet tip
went out to the police force that the pa
trolman who brought in a live footpad
would have a cinch on his job and he who
brought in a dead one would be made a
sergeant. This had a very salutary effect,
as several corpses were soon turned in.
The investigation in each case only ex
tended to the necessary proof that tho
dead man had been engaged in the sand
bagging business as a means of livelihood.
No embarrassing questions were asked
the officer who brought In the body, and,
in every case he was duly promoted. —
Kansas City World.
Free Choice to Marry.
A five dollar tax upon bachelorhood i3
hardly high enough to drive a man into
marriage to escape the expense of remain-
Ing single, so the women of Michigan need
not take alarm at the proposition now be*
fore the Legislature of that State to Im
pose such a tax upon all men of 30 and
over who are unmarried. But the women
would be the first to recognize the danger
of any legislation that forced a man Into
marriage, if such a thing were possible.
A free choice to marry or* a free choice
to remain* single must be the rule with
men and women If happiness Is to b«
given a chance. — New Bedford Standard.
Sweden Arms Against Russia.
The Swedish Government Is undoubtedly
about to undertake an elaborate reorgan
ization of the array and provide for Its in
crease. The erection of .fortifications in
the northern part of the Scandinavian
peninsula Indicates whence the scare
come*. The Swedes and Norwegians fear
Russia all the more since Finland's auto
nomy was destroyed and the Czar's fron
tier was advanced squarely up to the
boundary of Sweden. From the Russian
viewpoint the absorption of Scandinavia
¦would be a priceless addition, sincp it
would give to Russia the whole Nor
wegian littoral, and it la littoral that tfca
Czar needs most In Europe. The Swed.-3
and Norwegians, however, can be trust
ed to hold on for at least another century,
now that the modern rlfie gives such ex
traordinary advantage to the defense in
war. They could put 500,000 men In the
field, too.— Springfield Republican.
Carnegie's Benefactions.
The total of Andrew Carnegie's gifts to
educational institutions and libraries, as
well as In miscellaneous directions,
amounts to 513.540,&65, and he has a mil
lion dollars more of library applications
under consideration. Standing? by Itself
this is a magnificent showing and It ar
gues a commendable spirit of generosity
on Mr. Carnegie'3 par}. There are few who
have even come near It. The conditions
which Mr. Carnegie has imposed upon
himself, while they do not In any way
disparage his philanthropy, nevertheless
give it a kind of hopeless aspect so far
as his own future is concerned. Mr. Car
negie recently said in the most publJo
manner that "to die rich Is to die dis
graced." and his contributions therefore
must be looked upon as an effort on his
part to save his good name from discredit
at the last and himself from humiliation.
Mr. Carnegie is now thought to be worth
$200,000,000, though these figures may be
exaggerated. Most fortunes usually are.
But it Is well known that his wealth la
continually Increasing.— Chicago Tribune.
Submarine Torpedo Boats.
The official tests of the submarine tor
pedo boats made at Cherbourg appear to
indicate that the French Government will
shortly have boats of this typo that will
add greatly to the efficiency of Its navy.
The performance of the Morse, which is
run by a petroleum motor, seems to have
been quite as satisfactory in every way
as those of the Holland In American
waters. When submerged, a process which
la speedily - accomplished, no part of the
vessel is visible except the "periscope." or
seeing station, which can be turned to
every point ot the horizon, and itself can
be seen only by a powerful glass. It steers
accurately and quickly and can remain
submerged over eight hours ¦without the
slightest Inconvenience to officers or crew,
owiqs to the perfect working of the air
pumps. It discharges torpedoes by means
of compressed air with astonishing force
and with such accuracy that of four fired
within a period of twenty minutes all
touched a given mark. The French hava
been more alert in the construction of tor
pedo boats than any other nation. By the
figures set forth in Secretary Root's last
report France laid down in 1000, In ton
nage of torpedo boats, 5730 tons: Russia,
4250; England. 3000: Germany, 2100; Japan.
1750. and Italy, 13S0. The United States
stands at the bottom of the list ¦with 10TO.—
Chicago Times-Herald.'
The High Court of Nations.
That the nations which participated In
the Peace Conference at The Ilag-ue la
18S9 appreciate the tremendous obligation,
which they there assumed Is impressively
demonstrated by the roster of th©^»erma
nent Court of Arbitration authorized In
the final agreement of that body. This
tribunal is now organized and ready for
business. It is at once the largest and
highest court ever known to Christen
dom. Of the contracting nations fifteen,
including all the maritime powers of the
¦world, have already appointed their dele
gates, those still .unrepresented consisting
of the minor countries of Persia, Slam
Switzerland, Bulgaria and Montenegro.
The membership of this high court of the
nations has been officially announced by
the Department of State, and It discloses
a remarkable massing of the forces of
character and learning In hehalf of Inter
national ivace and good will. In ehooslr.sr
Its members each nation has obviously
been guided soleiy by a desire to add dig
nity and strength to the tribunal as a
whole. The same lofty purpose which dic
tated the appointment of Chief Justice
Fuller. Beniamln Harrison, Judge Gray
and John W. Grigss as representatives
for the United States is reflected in tho
selection of members for all the other
nations, and It Is not exaggerating the
fact to say that in this tribunal there will
be drawn together a more Imposing ag
gregate of genius, culture and construct
ive skill In the science- of law than has
ever been assembled In a single* body.—
New York Mail and Express.
to compel express companies to pay their share" of
the tax instead of shifting it upon, the public.- If un
der such circumstances the. House should determine
to reject the Senate amendments -the action would
not be condemned by/ the country Jeven should it re
sult in the failure to pass any tax reduction bill at this
session.
KANSAS is suffering an attack of the holy terror,
in the person of Mrs. Nation. Her violently
picturesque proceedings, her appeals to her
"dear, hell-bound brethren," as she calls the saloon
keepers, the mobs of women who follow her lead and
the mobs of women who oppose her, all have held the
center of the stage since she spilled the first pint of
swipes in Wichita two weeks ago. •
In some of its phases her crusade is getting serious.
Looking for a cause it is foundljn the local history of
Kansas. Several years ago that State suffered a pass
ing spasm of prohibition reform. Governor St. John
led the movement and worked up a highly hysterical
condition of the public mind, and while that condition
was at its height a prohibition amendment to the con
stitution was adopted. It was a rum tight affair, that
amendment. It put light wines ,and beers, the bever
ages that are least harmful because they are used as
part of the diet, in the same list with those hot, re
bellious liquors which enter a man's mouth only to
steal away his brains. Cider more than a day old was
put down as the twin brother of cognac of the vintage
of 1840, and currant wine and old crow were put in
the stocks together as equally guilty of the fall of
man.
After all this was done in the midst of extreme ex
citement and agitation the men of Kansas began to
cool off. Reaction is sure to follow such extremes.
After .St. John was lost sight of in a social scandal,
in which he vainly made Adam's plea, Kansas got so
cool about prohibition that it was discovered that the
sober public opinion of the State was not behind the
prohibition amendment. It had been adopted by a
great majority, but that majority did not stay red hot,
as it was the day it voted. So there came to Kansas
the same transformation that came to. England when
Charles II became King and human nature reacted
against Puritan austerity and sourness, and the May
poles went up and women put flowers in their hats
again and children danced. '
Kansas did not become beastly drunk in the reaction,
but she refused to stay any longer beastly sober. Wise
men in the State have seen for fifteen years that the
proper thing to do would be to resubmit the prohibi
tion amendment to the people, that they might pass
upon it in coolness and soundness of judgment, in the
hope that the liquor traffic, sustained by public
opinion, but existing as an unrestrained outlaw, might
be brought under proper restriction and control. But
no Kansas politician could be found wise enough to
propose such a sensible solution. Then the State went
into a fresh spasm of Populism, and produced Jerry
Simpson, Mrs. Lease and a United States Senator
with whiskers a yard long and a head the size of a
bellflower apple.
So bleeding Kansas went on with liquor-selling pro
hibited in her constitution but practiced in her towns
as openly as the sale of milk.
Into the middle of this situation jumped Mrs. Na
tion with her prayers and her hatchet, like a lighted
match into a powder-house, and the crash of glass and
swash of spilled drinks have since been interrupted
only by the mixture of prayers and blasphemy that has
ascended with the odors of the mixed liquors she
leaves on the floor. Such a situation was never be
fore seen in a civilized country. In their day of fury
the people of Kansas constitutionally outlawed liquor
and the buildings in which it is sold, so Mrs. Nation
chops down the locked doors of saloons before day
light in the morning and lets in the crowd, which may
make free with everything, from the whisky behind
the bar to the money in the cash register.
To break into a building where there are persons
asleep or awake is the crime of burglary, but this pure
water sprite pays no attention to that..
This week she paused long enough to rest her
hatchet and take her pen in hand to write an address
to the schoolchildren of the United States to throw
stones through the windows of saloons and liquor
stores as they pass by on their way to school. This
extension of her methods threatens serious results. All
States do not keep -as wide a gulf between preaching
and practice as Kansas has. In most of them the
rights of property in liquor and in the buildings
where it is sold are protected by law, and Mrs. Na
tion's advice to the children in such States is incen
diary.
Why does it not occur to Mrs. Nation and her fol
lowers to go calmly at work to create in Kansas a
public opinion influential upon a majority of the peo
ple that will sustain the St. John amendment and all
its works? Then there would be no saloons to smash.
It is for the lack of such a public opinion that pro
hibition has everywhere failed. Spasmodic and emo
tional reformers get it adopted and soon it dies,
neither the letter nor the spirit of the law living longer
than the passing passion in which it was enacted.
THE HOLY TERROR.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CXLlj; -FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1901.
VANDERBILT FORTUNE
BEGAN IN THIS HOTEL
FRIDAY FEBRUARY 8, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Itinu All Cec=rcicstiess to W. B. LEASE, Kutgtr.
»i 4?y ahkh's 9yyj9?r • ' • •• • •xJ5?^h?_? 11 -?. r*T*"-,.?Q*
fLULICATlO.\ Ol-Ficn MnrUet and Third. S. F.
Telephone Press SOI.
ITDITOBIAI. BOOHS SIT <o 221 Stevenaon St.
Telephone Press 202. ¦•-,
Oellreree «wr Carrier*. 15 .Cents Per Week.
Ff n«r1«- Copies. S Cents. *
Terms by Blall. Inclndfncr Postaret
DATLT CAtJ» Cnrludlr.c Sunday), ore year J«»
VATL.T CALZ> Onelcdln* Sunday). « month* ».M
PATLT CALX. C&elndtns Sunday). S month* 1.S9
3ATLT CALL— By Single llcntiu. ............................. CSo
BCXDAY CAT.U Ob» Tear. 1-W
WEEKLT CALJU On« Yew...-. 1.08
All postmasters are antXtorlzed to receive
¦nbierlptloiu.
Gucpls ecp!e* vill be forwarded irbea reqaectad.
Han cdseern>r* !n <ira>r1nr cbans» of aaflr»iwi rtionia N»
Wrticnlar to civ* both SEW AXD OLD ADDRESS In ord-r
to 2X2SBT* * trcrcjpt and correct cotcpUa&c* with their request.
DAKJLAAD OFFICE 1118 Droadrrny
C GEORGE KROfiXEJS.
Ktuge? rereiga Afirertlsisg, Ktrqtette BcHding. CMeigs,
Cbocsr Dlrtance Telephcns "Central 2«1J.">
KETT TORK CORRESPOJTDENT: •*
*i C CABLTOX Herald Jqnare
KEW TORK REPRESENT ATTVB:
WEPHES li. S5IITU. SU Trlbnns Bulldlns
. KBW TOHK NEWS STANDS:
W«26erf-Actorl*. Botel; a. Brectaao, a Union Sacare:
ae&zzBy Bin howl
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bbentsaa How. P. a New» Co.; Great Nortfctra Hotel;
Zrez&ont Boose; Auditorium Hotel.
iWAsmwGTow <n. c> office.... i4o« a st.. w. w.
EiOHTOX E. CltA.VC. Correspondent.
BRAKCH OFFICES— H7 Montgomery, ecrner of Clay. op*n
enttt 139 o'clock. tOO Hayes, cpea nctll »:» o'clock. 63
McAlllrter. open traUl I:S> o'clock. €i5 Larkic. open until
•-0 o'clock. 1M1 MlMlca. epen until 10 o'clock. 8261 Market.
ecmer Sixteenth, cpen until t o'clock. 1C3« Valencia, opea
catU S ©•dock. 1M Eleventh, cpen ontll 9 o'clock. NW. cor
t*r Tm-er.tT-gecoad and Kentucky, cpen until • o'clock.
THE Vanderbilt family, says the New
York World, owes much to the old
Bellonia Hotel, on Burnet street, in
New Brunswick, N. J. The old
hotel has long been one of the most
Interesting landmarks hi New Brunswick.
At present it is a tenement house, and In
every way shows the marks of time.
When It was managed by Cornelius Van
derbilt, afterward known as "Commo
dore" "Vanderbilt, It was one of the most
Important hotels and one of the best-pay
ing properties In the State. The New
York and New Brunswick Freight Com
pany conducted a line of freight and pas
senger sloops between the two cities, and
New Brunswick was the terminus of the
stage coach route from Philadelphia. At
the Bellonia passengers stopped and wait
ed for the boat to New York or the coach
to Philadelphia, as the case might be.
Vanderbilt frequently said that it was his
observation of the unsatisfactory meth
ods of transportation that turned his en
erpies to railroad building.
The Bellonla Hotel was built In 1803, and
alter some years passed into control of
the transportation company. An Interest-
Ing story, well authenticated, is told of
the way in which Vanderbilt pot his first
start. For years he had made a preca-
THE BELLONA HOTEL ON BURNET STREET, NEW YORK, IN WHICH
COMMODORE VANDERBII/T LAID THE FOUNDATION OF THE
PRESENT FAMILY FORTUNE.
6
AUCTIOU SALES.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Saturday. February 9. at 11 o'clock.
Horses, at corner Eighteenth and Florida Etreets.
By Wm. Q. Laync — Monday, February 11. Horses and
Mules, at 721 Howard etre-et.
ADVERTISEMENTS. 3
COLDS
The quickest relief for a
cold is by Scott's emulsion cf
cod-liver oil. /
You will find the edge taken
off in. a night ; and, in three or
foui, days, you'll be wondering'
whether that cold amounted to
anything anyhow.
Th.t's relief. If you tackle
it quick, the relief is quick; if
you - wait, the relief won't
come — you know how colds
hang on.
We'll rend you a little to try, if you Kcs.
SCOTT Jt COWNE, 4*9 Pearl atieet, Ntw Vwk.
-¦ Sweden's seventh Ironclad of modern,
type the Dristighten. wa3 lately launched
at Gothenburg.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 5W Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace frvlt Me per lb at Townaend's.*
Choice candles, To wnsend' a. Palace Hotel.*
Central— "A Daughter of the Million."
Calirorr-Ia— "Toss of the »S'i:rberv-Illes.*"
Orrheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Shasvus O'Briea."
Alhambra— "The Sorrows of Satan."
Alcazar — "Judah."
Columbia — "A Midsummer eight's Dream.""*
Tivoll — 'TCdl Gwynae."
Olmiiia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternooa and
evrnir.c.
Fischer* e— Vaudeville.
X. M. C. A. Hall— Mandolin Concert to-n'.sht.
Metropolitan Torcp.v'— IIenschel'» Recital to-morrow etter-
r.ocn.
Columbia— Beneflt c-T the Charity Fund zt the. Theatrical
Mechanics' Association. Sunday afternoon.
Taaforari Park — Races to-day.
AMTJSEaiEIJTS.Mandolin Recital.
Samuel Slegel of New York, assisted by
Mary Chester Williams, vocalist, and H.
Hastings, a banjo player, will give a se
lect concert at the Y. M. C. A. Audito
rium this evening. A brief exposition/of
Siegel' s powers was given 'to a discrimina
tive audience yesterday afternoon and
string instrument experts present seemed
greatly, enthused at his performance.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrotrraphlc Office, V. S. NV; Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco Cal
February 7. 1901. '
.The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. -e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
:'•¦.•> C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning: tides are (riven in tho left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in -the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The height3 given
are in addition to the soundings on the Unl'ed
States Coast \ Survey charts, except r-hen a
minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
ffiven by tho charts. The plane of reference
!o the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Timeo and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hieh and low -waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at' Fort Point; the
height of tide is the same at both places.
TO SAIL.
SAILED.
Thursday, February 7.
Btmr Geo Loomls, Brldeett, Ventura.
Stmr Curacao. Parsons, Guaymas.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Pomona, Shen. Kureka.
Stmr North Fork, Mcl^ellan. Eureka.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. Seattle.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. Wiltapa Harbor.
Barsre Santa Paula, McGovern. Ventura, tn
Schr Bangror, Turioff. Port Blakeley.
Schr Gem, Olsen, Coos Bay.
Schr J G Wall, Jensen, Eureka,
Echr Rio Rey, Skipper, Mendoclno.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 7, 10 p m— "Weather
cloudv; wind SW,- velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRATS HARBOR- Arrived Feb 6— Schr Ma
weema, from San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSENIJ— Arrived Feb 7— Br Btmr
Qufen Adelaide, from Hongkong.
BIHLERS POINT— Arrived Feb 7-Stmr Xa
varro. hence Keb 6.
SAX PEmtO— Arrived Feb 6-Schr C S
Holmes, from Mallard. Feb 7— Stmr W II Km
ger. from Eureka; etmr Santa Barbara, hence
Feb S. » '
Sailed Feb 7— Schr Azalia. for Wlllapa Har
bor.
ASTORIA— Arrived Keb 7— Stmr Alliance,
hence Feb 3.
Sailed Feb 7-Stmr Columbia, for Ban Fran
cisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Feb '7— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Feb 6.
PORT BLAKELEY- Sailed Keb 7— Bark Ab
b" Palmer, for Port Plrle; schr Alcalde, for
San Pedro.
NEW WHATCOM-Arrlved Feb 6-Schr Mary
L Cushinjr. from Port Townsend.
Balled Feb 7— Schr Wlnslow. for Callao.
EUREKA— Sailed Feb 4— Bark Coloma. for
Falina Cruz: Btmr Alliance, from Portland.
Arrived Feb 4-Etmr Pasadena, from San
Pedro.
Arrived Feb. 5— Schr Lottie Carson, from San
Pedro: rtmr Aberdeen, hence Feb 4. Keb 6 —
Stmrs Brunswick and Eureka, hence Feb S.
Feb 7— Stmr Newsboy, hence Feb 6; sehr Mary
Buhne, hence Jan 29; stmr Homer, hence Feb
ruary 6. -
Sailed Feb 6— Stmr Lakme. for Ban Francisco.
Feb 7 — Stmr Eureka, for San Francisco.
COQUILLE RIVER— Arrived Feb 7— Stmr
Areo, hence Feb 5.
SEATTLE-Salled Feb 7— Br stmr Port
Stephens, for Tacoma.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 6— Br Btmr Gaelic,
hence Jan 16.
DELAGOA BAY— Arrived Feb 6— Ship John
Ena. from Port Blakeley.
NEWCASTLE, Au»— Arrived Feb 6— Schr
Honolulu, from Port Natal.
BAHIA— Arrived Feb 6— Ger hark Osterbek.
from Oregon, for Queenstown, for medical as
sistance.
COLOX— Arrived Feb 5— Stmr Alllanca. from
« Railed Feb 6— Stmr Advance, for New York.
PRAWLE POINT— Passed Feb 5— Br ship Al
lerton. from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
AUCKLAND— Sailed Feb 6— Stmr Alameda.
for San Francisco.
UNION BAY— Arrived Feb 7— Stmr Bertha,
from Valdez.
HOXGKONG-Sailed Feb 7— Jap stmr Ameri
ca Maru, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 7— Stmr Michi
gan, from Boston.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 7— Stmr Trave,
from Bremen and Southampton.
Palled Feb 7— Stmr La Bretagne. for Havre.
Arrived Feb- 7— Stmr Nomadic, from Liver
pool.
Arrived Feb 7— Rtmr Germanic, from Liver
pool and QueenstOTvn .
CHERBOURG— Arrived Feb 7— Stmr Patri
cia, from New York, via Plymouth; for Ham
burg.
MADEIRA— Arrived Feb 7— Stmr Auguste
Victoria, from New York, for Algeria, Genoa,
etc.
ANTWERP— Sailed Feb 7— Stmr Nederland,
for Philadelphia. _
GENOA— Palled Feb $— stmr Werra. for New
York, via Naples.
¦ QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Feb 7— Stmr Majes
'tlc. from Liverpool, .for New York.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Feb 7— Stmr , Maaa
<3am. for Boulogne and New York.
AUCKLAND, N Z-Salled Feb 6-Stmr Ala-
meda, from Sydney, NSW, for Apia, Honolulu
and San Francisco.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
rmOWHEAD-Passed Feb 7-Stmr Bovl;,
from New York, for Liverpool; Btmr New Kiik
lanrt. from iioston, for Queenstown and Liver
pool.
brem EX— Arrived Feb 7— Stmr Lahn. from
New York, via Southampton.
QlTEEySTOWN— Arrived Feb S— Stmr New
England, from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
THE BARKENTINE CITY OF PAPEETE THAT WENT ASHORE ON .
CORAL, REEF AT TAHITI MAKING PORT. SHE COMES HERE FO
AN OVERHAULING.
when human beings first. stood upon th9
virgin soil that wa3 waiting to receive
them. In each locality the newcomers
must have commenced under similar con
ditions. Their progress in the social
scale must have been gradual, slow and
almost unconscious to themselves. The
rude search to eke out a merely animal
existence had hitherto taxed all tho forcei
of body and mind. Nothing had before
been possible except to exist wretchedly.
Now from the river they were assured
unfailing supply of water and fish. Spon
taneously or in return for little labor th9
fertile earth yielded an abundance of fruit
and" grain. Settled on a fixed habitation
men's ideas were no longer limited to
satisfaction of immediate wants. Wealth
began to accumulate. With its Increase
the necessity was revealed of some degree
of government with a measure of protec
tion and order. The weak huddled for
safety around the stronger. Whatever
conception of right existed was submitted
to the verdict of might. Despotic author
ity grew parallel with the growth of pop
ulation. Hence, as primitive Chaldea. In
dia and China unfold before our gaze. w«s
behold everywhere despotism. This waa
Inevitable. Only an advanced degree of
Intelligence and civilization can conceive
of republics and governments by the peo
ple. Asia presents even to the present day
no example of either.
Though adjacent to each other, China
and India were kept apart by the impene
trable barriers of the Himalayas. War
was no more Impossible between them
than was Influence. Each In Its own way
attained the fullest development of the
East. Despotism unmitigated presided
over both. But north cf the Himalayas
this despotism was united with the au
thority of the scholar, while south of the
Himalayas it waa united with the author
ity of the priest. So is it still. The an
nals of- each are permeated by this fact.
The ancient books of India tell us only
of their religion and their gods. The tra
ditions of China are filled with the suffer
ings that country endured at the hands of
Western Asiatic hordes.
Reports of wealth accumulated In the
Chinese and Indian valleys reached the
ears of the barbarians of the steppes. Af
fluence had not produced capability of
military resistance. On the northwest
China was less defended by nature from
attack. The gr^af wall, built in the third
century before Christ, was a confession to
the rapacious nomads of the weakness
which it was designed to protect.
Let us now pass to the other primitive
region, tho klr.Bdom of Chaldea. It lay
aiong the lower Euphrates at the head of
the Persian Gulf. Its priests ascribe it
an antiquity of 400,000 years. It probably
never extended to occupy all the area, In
cluded between the natural limits of the
nearest mountain ranges. Its boundaries
are indefinite. Later comers erected Ba
bylon on " the Euphrates and Assyrian
Nir.eveh on the Ticris. Such triple do
minion was certain not .to continue for
ever where boundaries were so hard to
fix. After many vlclssitures of war an<l
conquest Nineveh was utterly destroyed.
An empire became supreme, with Babylon
as its capital.
Descriptions of Babylonian splendor and
wealth and .luxury bewilder imagination.
That city commanded all the wide stretch
between the Caspian and Arabian seas.
All the routes of. commerce passed
through her streets. She was the unri
valed metropolis of Asia and of the world.
The Elboorz range was the home of the
Medes ar.d the wild plateau west of the
Tigris ar.d the Persian Gulf of the Per
sians. These hardy mountaineers united.
The plain coulrt not withstand the on
slaught from the mountains. The new
kingdom of the kindred Medes and Per
sians took the place of Babylonian su
premacy. Their empire reached at last
from the Indian Ocean to the Danube,
from the Mediterranean to the Indus. It
was the first Asiatic power to send its
armies to the shores of Europe. Thus
the armed contact between the two con
tinents may be traced back through suc
cessive stages to the Chaldean kingdom
on the Persian Gulf. But since the Per
sian Darius crossed the Bosporus in the
sixth century before Christ that armed
contact has never ceased. Only the com
batants have changed places. It Is Eu
ropo which envelops Asia to-day.
EI>WIX A. GROSVENOa
Amherst College.
Note— The study of the war geography
of Asia will be concluded to-morrow.
rive Other Members of Grew Are Injured by the Explosion,
Which' Renders Port Engine Useless and Prevents
Steamship Making Record Run.
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Ventura arrived from Philadel
phia yesterday morning. Owing
to an unfortunate accident she
was fourteen hours behind the So
noma's record. A steam pipe .burst and
the result was five deaths and Injuries to
five people.
The Ventura had made a wonderfully
good run from Philadelphia when Valpa
raiso was sighted, and all hands expect
ed to come into San Francisco Bay with
a broom at the foremast head. Instead
the big liner came in with her flags at
half mast. Up to the time Valparaiso was
reached all went well. After that Chief
Engineer Ilaynes began to keep a watch
on the machinery. On January 23, when
in latitude 30 degrees 58 minutes south,
longitude S7 degrees 42 minutes west, or
about 750 miles from Valparaiso, the ex
plosion came. It was 6:15 p. m. and the
watch had just been changed. The men
were beginning their duties when the
main steam pipe went with a report. that
made all aboard think one of the boilers
had burst. George W. Robb, a Junior
engineer; J. AW Faren, a seaman; Jack
Desmond, a fireman; Paul Beier, a coal
passer, and Felix Glass, a stowaway, who
was acting as a coal passer, were killed
almost in an instant, while Patrick Mc-
Connell, a fireman; J. Kelly, fireman; A.
Peterson, fireman; J. Gaughan, coal
passer and C. Ralk, coal passer, were bad
ly burned by the escaping Bteam. All of
the latter men are back at work and are
none the worse for their injuries. The
live men who lost their lives were burled
at sea the next day.
The damage to the mail boat was not
as great as might be expected. The port
engine was disabled, but under the star
board machinery the big liner was able to
average 340 knots a day, bringing her into
port almost on schedule time. Had the
accident not occurred the Ventura would
have been here several days ago and
broken all previous records. As it is the
Sonoma holds the flag.
CITY OF PAPEETE ARBIVES.
Goes Ashore on Coal Beef but Is
Hauled Off.
The erstwhile mail boat City of Papeete
got back to San Francisco yesterday. She
must receive a thorough overhauling be
fore she can go to sea again, and even af
ter the repairs are made she may not go
to sea on her old run again Tho advent of
the mall steamship Australia has taken
nearly all the trade away from the wind
jammers, so the Papeete may be'with
drawn from that run.
The City of Papeete went ashore on the
reef at the entrance to Papeete on July
7 last. She was leaving port when the
wind fell light and she drifted down on
the coral barrier that encircles the har
bor. After considerable trouble she was
got on! and patched up, and then sent
to San Francisco for complete repairs.
Water Front Notes.
A Chinese named Ah Lun waa run down
by a yellow Mission-street car at the cor
ner of East and Jackson streets yester
day and had a narrow escape from death.
He was crossing- from Jackson-street
wharf when the car struck him. Two of
his ribs were fractured and his knee
sprained. He was treated at the Harbor
liospital by Dr. Morrison.
Pontoons are to be used on the sub
merged steamer South Portland and It Is
expected that she will be raised to-mor
row. Work has been going on ever since
the vessel was sunk and the tug Relief
lias now jrot her in such a position that
with the aid of pontoons and cofferdams
she can be raised and once more uut into
commission. *
Captain Payne takes command of the
steamship Crescent City to-day. Cap
tain Stockfleth, who has been on the run
for a generation, retires. A more popu
lar master never Balled a vessel than
Captain Stockfleth. and his retirement on
a. well-earned rest is not viewed with
much satisfaction by the traveling 1 public,
although his family and friends hail It
with delleht.
Henry Kistenmacher, a saloon keeper
on the front, was robbed Of $40 "Wednes
day night. While ejecting a drunk he was
beaten over the head find had to go to the
Harbor Hospital for repairs. While away
a chance acquaintance took care of the
saloon, but when Kistenmacher got back
he found the saloon running itself and
the cash drawer empty. The Harbor Po
lice are now looking for Kistenmacher's
"friend."
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Austrian steamer Olga cleared yesterday
for St. Vincent for orders with 83,234 ctls
wheat valued at $?3,S55 and 35.0C0 ft lumber
as dunnace valued -at Sola.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, February 7.
Stmr Crencent City, Stockfleth, 36 hours from
Crencent City.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefield, S2 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Ventura. Hayward, 38 days Z3 hours 50
minutes.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 40 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Ukme, Schage, 27 hours from Eureka.
fitmr Gipsy, Iceland, 24 hours from Moss
Landing-
Stmr Zealandia, Dowdell, 7 days 1 hour 85
minutes from Honolulu.
Br Btmr Heathcraijr, JUller. 22 days from
Callao.
Bktn City of Papeete, Lunn, 42 days from
Tahiti. ' f
Schr Alice Cook«, Penhallow, 28 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Del Norte, Jacobson. 6 days from C6
qullle River.
Bchr Albion. Larsen, 6 days from Coqullle
River.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 6 days from Co
quille River.
CLEARED.
Thursday, February 7.
Btmr Curacao, Parsons, Guaymas; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Cxarlna. Seaman. Seattle: E T Kruse.
I 8tmr" North Fork, McLellan, Eureka; Chas
Nelson.'
Stmr 'Pomona. Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
klEs A Co.
fitmr. Corona, IJinkle, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Aus stmr Federlca, Ivanclch, Nanalmo; John
Bosenfeld's Sons.
Aus Ktmr-Olra, Descovich, St Vincent; Bal
four, Guthrle & Co. •-
STEAM PIPE BURSTS
AND BRINGS DEATH TO FIVE MEN
The War Geography of Asia.
Suppose a line be drawn eastward from
Cape Baba on the Aegean Sea to Canton.
Suppose another line be drawn southward
from the frozen shores of the Kara Sea .to
the southern tip of India. These two lines
at nearly right angles to each other will
traverse Asia In Its length and breadth.
Near the intersection they cross a region
of distinctive physical character, called
the Pamirs. This region lies south of the
fortieth parallel. It is about 220 miles In
length from, east to west and slightly
broader from north to south. It includes
an area of over 50,000 square miles. The
whole extent form3 a plateau. Its surface
nowhere less than ll.OOu feet In height, and
serves as the pedestal, or base, for a. be
wildering mass of mountains, whose sum
mits rise more than 25,000 feet above the
level of the sea. Here Is the rocky, al
most inaccessible heart of Asia. Here is
afforded the fittest point, the focal center,
from which to trace the always involved,
often disconnected, Asiatic system. The
Oriental calls this region "the roof of the
world." What Olympus was to the
Greek, that the Pamirs are to the Asiatic.
Only Olympus was in comparison a lone
ly mountain, whose cloud-wrapped sum
mit did not attain the altitude of the base
on which tho Pamir Mountains rest.
Furthermore, Olympus was but one
grand but alone— while the Pamirs are an
overwhelming host Of the mightiest piles
on earth.
From this focal center chains extend
toward the four points of tho compass,
though those toward the east and west
are predominant. The main eastern chain
speedily separates into two enormous
arms. The lower arm is the Himalayas.
It continues in a colossal curve a thou
sand four hundred miles in length.
Some of its peaks, glittering with eternal
snow, tower farther into the heavens than
any other summits on the globe. Gaorln
saker or Everest, with an altitude of 29,
005 feet, is the monarch of mountains,
about twice as high as Mount Blanc, the
king of Europe, about rive times as high
as Mount Washington, the glory of New
Ha^npshire. In the springs of tho Hima
layas, the Ganges, Indus, Bramapootra
and Yangtze-Klang rivers take their rise.
The upper eastern area forms the Kuen
Luen, and it is covered with glaciers of
such magnitude as to dwarf those of
Switzerland. It continues in a northern
sweep, called the Allyn Taph, and is no
less prolonged than the Himalayas. From
It descends- the Hoangho.
The Himalayas and the Kuen Luen In
close between them the massive tableland
of Tibet. Hardly any part of Asia has
been less explored. The Importance of
Tibet to us cons.i3ts In that we may use it
as a criterion of siie. . The American more
than the European is accustomed to large
dimensions. European standards of space
and distance are small. American stand
ards are large. Asiatic standards are im
mense. Tibet occupies a minors place
upon the map. Yet it comprises an area
twice as great as that of the thirteen
States which formed the American
Union. The Indian peninsula, of which
the Himalayas determine the extent
while they form its northern boundary. In
cludes a territory three times aa great as
that of Tibet.
The main western chain, which radiates
from the focal center of the Pamirs .under
the name of the Klboorz Mountains,
serves as the northern backbone of the
tableland of Persia and becomes the
southern barrier of the Caspian Sea. It
loses its distinctive features In the gen
eral confusion which marks the Armen
ian plateau. Then afterward it emerges
as the Taurus and Anti-Taurus chains
which, rudely parallel, determine the
physical features of Asia Minor. From
the Armenian plateau descend the Tigris
and Euphrates to bl°nd their waters alonjj
their lower courses and shortly after their
junctions to enter the Persian Gulf.
Southward from the Pamirs are spread
out the fortress masses of the Hindoo
Koosh. A portion of this chain creates
the fastnesses of Afghanistan. Another
portion under various names and with
gradually lessening height keeps on till
its farther spurs touch the Arabian Sea.
It forms the western wall of India.
Northward from tne Pamirs extend the
Tienshan or Celestial Mountains. They
rise like a rampant against the desert
steppes of Turkestan and inclose as a pro
tecting wall the tableland of Central Asia.
Still farther north, apparently detached
from the general system and yet con
nected with it by lower elevations which
in any crtier continent would be reckoned
mountain?, we find the vast Altai group.
TMs'may be considered the watershed be
tween* Central and Northern Asia. Yet
none of the mighty rivers which they feed
flows toward the south. Instead these
rivers traverse Siberia and reach the Arc
tic Ocean as the Obi, the Yenisei and the
Lena.
Nor must the Caucasian Mountains,
which stretch from the Black Sea to the
Caspian, be omitted. They have their
roots In both Asia and Europe and may
be regarded as the northwest succession
of the Elboorz. .. -
The plains, spread ou£ along the banks
of the majestic streams, are in keeping
with the magnitude of the parent moun
tains and with the enormous volune sent
down by them to the sea. The lowlands
through which ' the Siberian rivers plow
their wav are far to the north. All of
those great floods discharge their waters
beyond the Arctic .circle. Those regions
are not tempting to population now. Still
less so were they In the past.
But the enormous natural basin, the
v.idc alluvial plains, In" other and favored
parts of the continent are more inviting.
Reaching back as far**is history and tra
dition can peer we discover three such
j-eglons teeming with population. Nor are
the remote men and women whom we find
.dwellins there, when first, revealed to us,
sunk In savagery and barbarism. As the
veil is drawn away from that rrrst scene
In the annals of the race we behold hu
man beings enjoying the benefits of an
established civilization.
"Whence the first man came is an enig
ma which science, despite her multitude
of marvelous" triumphs, cannot solve.
Upon the human stage the curtain does
not lift until the descendants of far-off
brutish ancestors have risen to the high
estate of civilized men. But their pro
genitors, the men of the ancient ages, the
first born of the world, must have long
remained miserable and savage, unable to
grasp the rudiments of social life.
It is a belief, wldeiy cherished In the
east, that the first spot on which the first
man looked forth wa's a valley in the
Pamirs. There the early tribes stayed
dully among sublime scenes, unconscious
as the animals of any nobler possibilities
and,, caring only to appease physical
wants. At last they wandered through
the passes on the east and south, and,
still wandering, stumbled upon the plain.-*
where generous nature afforded easily ac
quired and abundant food. This Oriental
theory is regarded with approval by many
scholars. Biblical exei;etes claim to dis
cover a curious similarity between many
local names In the Pamirs and others
mentioned In the book of Genesis. If true,
the theory is impossible, of proof. And yet
that exalted plateau may be not only the
focal center from which the mountains of
a continent unroll in tneir Immensity, but
the scene where the fathers of mankind
first opened eyes on the Usht of day. and
whence, with uncertain steps, they began
the cono.uest of the ziobe.
The three centers of primitive civiliza
tion, each of which it reauired unnum
bered centuries to develop, are Chaldca.
India and China. The physical configura
tion of Asia had made them ready for the
coming of man, had otiaDted them to be
the first arenas of his struggles and had
foreordained their future,. Around them
each the mountains extended 'their pro
tecting arms. The Himalayas and the
Hindoo Koosh shut in the Indian valley
of the Ganges. The Chaldean plain of
the Tigris and Euphrates Is inclO3ed by
the hills of Media, the Taurus and the
Lebanon, while solemn Ararat guards the
north. The wide Chinese expanse on the
Yangtze-Kiang and Hoangho has for iu
ramparts the formidable ranges which
are sent out from the central mountain
masses of A3!a.
¦ We cannot know -which of the peoples
and of the civilizations, gradually blos
soming In these cradles of fruits and
flowers, was the olde&;. The records of
each are measured by thousands, and lay
claim to scores of thousands of years.* Yei
the records cannot so back to the days
Copyright, 1901, b y Seymour Eaton.
The War Geography of Asia in Rela
tion to the Centers of Primitive
Civilization.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALI4:FRIt) AY, FEBRUARY 8, 1901.
7
Steamer. I Destination. [Sails. I P4er.
|
Febrnnry 8. \
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier —
Kmplre Coos Bay 4 pm|Pler 13
Guatemala... West Coast & Way 2 pm|S W 1
Qty Sydney.. Panama & Way rts 13 miPMSS
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
February 1».
Doric China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Coronado Grays Harbor B pm Pier 2
Kan Pedro — Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Frbruary 1O. i
State of Cal.. puget Sound Ports. 11 am I Pier 6
Santa Rosa.. San DleKU 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
.February 11.
Arcata.. Coos Bay 4 pm Pier i:
Australia..... Tahm 12 m Pier"
Keliruary 12.
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Centennial... Hoattlo & Tacoma.. io am Pier 2
Bonlta: N'owport 9 am Pier 11
Pcbrnary 13.
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts 9 pm Pier 7
Queen San D!pro 9 am Pier U
Febrtmry 14.'
Xewburs Grays Harbor Pier —
Keliruary in.
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports U am Bier 9
Steamer. | From. Due.
Sierra Sydney & 'Wfiy Ports.. Feb. 8
City of Para.... Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 8
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Feb. S
Kur.ka Humboldt Fet>. 8
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. S
Coronado Ventura '... Feb. 9
Hyades Seattle » Feb. 9
Jcanle Seattle Feb. 9
Nippon Maru.. .{China and Japan Feb. 9
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Feb. 9
ProgreFP Tacoma' Feb. 9
"Wellington (Oyster Harbor Feb. 9
Royalist {Oyster Harbor Feb. 10
Queen San Diego Feb. 10
Bonlta Newport Feb. 10
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 10
Coquille River. Grays Harbor Feb. 10
Nowburg Orays Harbor JFeb. 10
Titania Nanalmo |Feb. 10
Roanoke Panama Feb. 11
Walla Walla... Puget Sound P-orts Feb. 11
Leelanaw 'Seattle , Feb. 11
Argo jCoqullle River ." |Feb. 11
North Fork Humboldt |Feb. 13
Corona Newport |Feb. 13
G. W. Blder Portland and Astoria.. (Feb. II
Palena I'anama & Way Ports. Feb II
Point Arena.... Point Arena Feb. 14
Ssnta Rosa San Diego Feb U
Crescent City.. [Crescent City Feb. 1*
FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 8.
Sun rises ' -.07
« un se p :.:::::::::::5;4o
Moon rises ...;. 10:44 p . m-
O • Time Time Time Time!
g. Ft Ft, Ft. 1 Ft
» H W ¦ L W H W L \V
7... 1:12 B.S 7:55 .1.9 2:04 iTi 7:5« i 3
8... 2:43 6.2' 8:43 1.8 2:55 4.2 8:23 17
8... 8:15 6.1 9:34 l'.S »:53 3.9 »:07 2 1
10 ... 3:M 5.1 10:34 1.4 6:06 3.7 9:30 2 5
H ... 4:S7 5.1 ll:38l 1.1 6:S0 3.6 10:48 29
1J ... 5:14 B.2 1!:35| 0.8 7:40 3.8 11:50 3
13 ... 6:09 5.2 l:2S O.S 842 4 1
l w • in Av[ l, w ' ii"Vv '¦¦"
14 ... 0:54 3.0| ":03| 5.4 2:1S 0.0 9-30 4 4
FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 8.
Sun rises ' -.07
« un se p :.:::::::::::5;4o
Moon rises ...;. 10:44 p . m-
O • Time Time Time Time!
g. Ft Ft, Ft. 1 Ft
» H W ¦ L W H W L \V
7... 1:12 B.S 7:55 .1.9 2:04 iTi 7:5« i 3
8... 2:43 6.2' 8:43 1.8 2:55 4.2 8:23 17
8... 8:15 6.1 9:34 l'.S »:53 3.9 »:07 2 1
10 ... 3:M 5.1 10:34 1.4 6:06 3.7 9:30 2 5
H ... 4:S7 5.1 ll:38l 1.1 6:S0 3.6 10:48 29
1J ... 5:14 B.2 1!:35| 0.8 7:40 3.8 11:50 3
13 ... 6:09 5.2 l:2S O.S 842 4 1
l w • in Av[ l, w ' ii"Vv '¦¦"
14 ... 0:54 3.0| ":03| 5.4 2:1S 0.0 9-30 4 4
Steamer. I Destination. [Sails. I P4er.
|
Febrnnry 8. \
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier —
Kmplre Coos Bay 4 pm|Pler 13
Guatemala... West Coast & Way 2 pm|S W 1
Qty Sydney.. Panama & Way rts 13 miPMSS
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
February 1».
Doric China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Coronado Grays Harbor B pm Pier 2
Kan Pedro — Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Frbruary 1O. i
State of Cal.. puget Sound Ports. 11 am I Pier 6
Santa Rosa.. San DleKU 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
.February 11.
Arcata.. Coos Bay 4 pm Pier i:
Australia..... Tahm 12 m Pier"
Keliruary 12.
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Centennial... Hoattlo & Tacoma.. io am Pier 2
Bonlta: N'owport 9 am Pier 11
Pcbrnary 13.
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts 9 pm Pier 7
Queen San D!pro 9 am Pier U
Febrtmry 14.'
Xewburs Grays Harbor Pier —
Keliruary in.
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports U am Bier 9
Steamer. | From. Due.
Sierra Sydney & 'Wfiy Ports.. Feb. 8
City of Para.... Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 8
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Feb. S
Kur.ka Humboldt Fet>. 8
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. S
Coronado Ventura '... Feb. 9
Hyades Seattle » Feb. 9
Jcanle Seattle Feb. 9
Nippon Maru.. .{China and Japan Feb. 9
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Feb. 9
ProgreFP Tacoma' Feb. 9
"Wellington (Oyster Harbor Feb. 9
Royalist {Oyster Harbor Feb. 10
Queen San Diego Feb. 10
Bonlta Newport Feb. 10
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 10
Coquille River. Grays Harbor Feb. 10
Nowburg Orays Harbor JFeb. 10
Titania Nanalmo |Feb. 10
Roanoke Panama Feb. 11
Walla Walla... Puget Sound P-orts Feb. 11
Leelanaw 'Seattle , Feb. 11
Argo jCoqullle River ." |Feb. 11
North Fork Humboldt |Feb. 13
Corona Newport |Feb. 13
G. W. Blder Portland and Astoria.. (Feb. II
Palena I'anama & Way Ports. Feb II
Point Arena.... Point Arena Feb. 14
Ssnta Rosa San Diego Feb U
Crescent City.. [Crescent City Feb. 1*
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
of • railroads. .
Office, 30 Montgomery street. •
The engine that breaks down under the combined strain of an
up grade and a heavy load is not a little like the victim of nervous
prostration. The nerves can stand about so much headache, pain,
worry, loss of sleep, indigestion and debilitating disorders, and
then the strain becoir es too great and the break-down comes. Lift
the load of suffering fromj^he strained nerves, build them up, give
them new strength, and health will bo yours
"I had two strokes of paralygii and was vtxy newous
and weak. Wai troubled with a numbneis and dlrzinesa
in my head and a fluttering In my heart. At times, there
was great oppreaaion in my chest and I would hare great
difficulty to keep from f ailing. Aa my physician failed to
Rive me the desired relief I began taking Dr. Miles' Nerv-
i ine. I began to improve light away and for seven years
past have enjoyed a fair dtgree of health.! 1 •
Mrs. J. C. Beebt, Girard, His.
Dr. Miles' Nervine
1 nourishes, fortifies and refreshes the worn-out nerves and
weary brain, and is the best of all remedies to lift tho
i burden of nervous prostration.
Sold by druggists pn a guarantee.'* Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
. AjrrjsEyEUTS.
LAST TWO WEEKS' ENGAGE-
MENT.
MRS. FISKE
PHEEENTIXG
TESS OF THE
D'URBERVILLES.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY of
TESS of the D'URBERVILLES.
Monday, February IX. LAST 'WKEK OF
MRS. FISKE.
Monfiay, Tuesday and Wednesday,
TESS OF THE D'URBERVILLES..
Thursday. Frifiar ar.S Saturday Xlght and
Saturday Matinee
"BECKY SHARP."
BEATS NOW ON EALEJ.
ORAND' OPERA HOUSE
MATUCEES EATTTRDAY and SCNDAT.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF THE GREATEST
LIVING IRISH COMEDIAX,
CHARLES ERIN VERNER,
LAST THREE NTGHTE.
SHAMS O'BRIEN
PRICES— IDe. 13c, 15c. COc. A lew ircnt rows
la Orchestra, 75c. Good Reserved Seat In Or-
chestra at all Matinees, 25c. Branch Ticket
Office EmDOTtum.
February 25— nEOPETN'INO OF THE MO-
r.osco e'tock season.
MOEOSCO'SGRAKDOPERA-HOUSE, Special
COTTLOB. MARX & CO. and WALTER MO-
EOSCO Annour.ce tho Farewell Ap-
pearance in This City of
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT
M. COOUELIN,
t."n<3er the Direction cf
MR. MAURICE GRAU.
FOR TWO WEEKS ONLY.
Convene! • MONDAY EVENINO NEXT.
February I3L In
ROSTAND'S DRAMATIC POEM.
For « Mchts and |,T 5 A TpT f\V(V
Saturday Matlneca. *-»*.%***w.a.»
OR. THE EAGLET.
SEATS NOTV ON SALE a* Bor Office. Grand
O;*Ta-h0U5e. and at Branch Ticket
Office, Emporium.
TRICES— Jl R, J2. $3 and $4. Boies. J30. JI1 ¦
and t!2. General Admission. 12- Gallery, fL |
Sunday Evening. February 17.
"PHEDRE" and
"LES PRBCIEUSES REDICULE"
SIMH. nEIiXHARPT and M. COQCELIN
Will Appear at Every Performance.
feats on gale tor This Performance Monday
Mornlr.*.
ANOTHER BIG BILL!
JlfP.RAT AKD LANE. KATITRTN OSTER- J
SIA.V. EiiriRE CITY COMEDY FOUR,
LIZZIE AND VINIE DALY, FOT AND
CLAIIK. LEAMER SISTERS. WARREN
AND ELANCHARD. THE BIOGRAPII.
SECOND WEEK OF
THE NINE NELSONS.
RpwvuI Feat*. I5c: F.alcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs end Box Seat?, 60c.
Matinees Wednesflay. Saturday and Eunday.
BELASCO *"° TKALCSsiniWE?
f E M i MP* ** ***& £
1 *^ 4MX2 CtJYtUUA
Phone South SS3
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY AND EUNDAY
EVENINGS.
MATINEE FATCRDAY AND SUNDAY.
A BIO HIT-POWERFUL MELODRAMA-A
DA LIGHTER OJ=
THE MILLION.
Novel end Etartlinj; Situations.
A £tup«T.<i<»us Scenic Production, etc
DDfPFC EvrtiiiiFS 10c. 15c. 25c. S5c. EOc
i iUwtJ Matinees 10c, 15c, S5c
NEXT WEEK "AFTER DARK:"
A .GREAT PRODUCTION.
AX.F EIXINGHOUSE PnJL and Manager
PHONE SOUTH HO
LA?T THREE PERFORMANCES.
TO-NIGHT. MATINEE TO-MORROW and TO-
51 OR ROW NIGHT.
TVM. A. HI1ADYS Grand Production of
"THE SORROWS OF SATANX'
Adapted aiKi Dramatize from the Famoui
Novel of MAHIE CORELLL • :
Presented bj a '"arefully Selected Compmny '
USUAL ALIIAMIiltA THEATER PRICES^ j
EV ..DAY NIGHT.
t£k SOUSA |
SEATS NOW READY ALHAM-
niiA BOX OFFICE.
¦" S COIf CEKT8— Katisees ft Erening •
rYHEATRET^O
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-KOnHOTV AND SUNDAY.
E. S. Wwlard's Success of Two Continents,
Ey Henry Arthur Jor.es. Esq.
NEXT WEEK
Aug-JF'.ln Da!y'« Fascinatlns: Comedy.
"A NIGHT OFF."
KEATS NOW READY. '
1Kb SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TAXFORAN PARK— THIRD MEETING.
i:cr.iar. January tl. to Saturday, February
«, InelaKlve.
EIX CS MORE RACES_EACH "V7EEK DAT.
Clx £uk« Evtrti, Tnre«:ilurd!* Race* and
Six 6teeplesha»e». .
FIRST n CEOF THE DAY AT 2:16 P. M.
Trains leave Third and TowrmeEd Btreeu ror
Tanforan Park at 7. 10:40. UM a. in.. 1, 1:33
and 2 pl rn. Tralnn I^ave Tanforan Park for
6an Fri -at 4:15 p. m.. followed alter th«
la« race at Intervals of a few minute* by sev-
eral £;wruis. £eat» Jn rear car* reserved for
U<Jle* rnr.n tfcelr eseorta. Admission to cour««.
lnclu£lr.ff raiiroad fare, JI.2S.
MILTON 8.' LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWA"-^ Racing; Secretary.
PTQfRT7R'«2 CONCERT HOUSE.
ribl/HUn b Admission IOc.
AH Zada, Da'.ton and Lewis, the Marcos,
Godfrey. Lillian Levy, Cunningham, Harry de
Lain, ti.e Fairbanks brothers ana Hlnrichs'
orchestra.
Reserved Scats 3c. MaUnee Sunday.
v - AD VEBTISEMENTS.
RHEUiATISi
My RHEUMATISM CURE is Just as cer-
tain to cure rheumatism as water Is to
quench thirst. No matter what port of
the body the pain may be in or whether it
Is acute or chronic, MIT.NYON'S RHEUMA-
TISM CURE Mill drive it out in a few
hours, and fully cure In a few days.—
M UN YON.
Munyon's Dyspepeia Cure will cure'any case
of Indigestion or etomach trouble.
Ninety per cent of kidney complaints, in-
cluding the earliest 6tages of Blight's Disease,
can be cured *lth Munyon's Kidney Cure.
Munyon's Catarrh Cure will cure catarrh of
the head, throat and stomach, no matter of
fcr>w long standing.
Xervous affections and diseases of the heart
are controlled and cured by Munyon's Nerve
and Heart Cure.
Munyon's Cold Cure will break up any form
or cold.
Munyon's Vltallzer restores loot powers to
weak men. Price $1 *^-«"
The GUIDE TO HEALTH (free) tells about
Diseases and their cure. Get It at any drug
store. The Cures are all on sale there, mostly
at 2a cents a vial.
vrS.^ York ana Phlladelphia.
MLN\O.VS INHALER CURE3 CATARRH.
9 BJ^Mst^s«ssssBB3Bme£i»b^£^^^cp ,grfa^Jj £ y») ffi" 8fl
DAI A PC Thcse hotcls pos-
I ALnUL scss thc attributes
, that tourists and
Jjnn travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location,
(iRANIl liberal manage-
UnHllU ment, modern ap-
MnTri O pointments and
flU ! LLui perfect cuisine.
« ,. . American and Eu-
San Francisco. rope an plans.
ATVrrJSSnTENTS.
CGIUF^BIA
Managers IVagenhals ana Komper Present
LOUIS KATHRYN
JAMES a- KIDDER
TO-NIGHT and Sat. Matinee. Last 2 Times,
Grand Sc?nlc Revival of
"A MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S DREAM"
Saturday Night, "RICHARD III."
Sunday Night, "MACBETH."
COMING TO ALHAMBRA
IVE^CTT SUNDAY NIGHT.
9 Conc«-ls-fiun.. Wed.. Thurj".. Frl.. Sat.
S«ats on *al* at Alhamtira box office.
COLUMBIA THEATER-Extra
SUNDAY AFTERNOON', FEB. 10.
At 2 o'clock sharp.
NINTH ANNUAL BENEFIT
In aid of the
CHARITY FUND
BAN' FRANCISCO LODGE. NO. 2L
Theatrical Mechanics' Association.
A HOST OF ATTRACTIONS!
BEET BILL, EVER GIVEN' IK THE CITT.
K**eerve<l neat*. 60c and $L
Now en sale at the box office.
IT'S ALL THE RAGE!
Evening* at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
THE COMIC OPEItA TAIl EXCELLENCE!
PLANQUETTE'S
GWYNNE!
Comics— "WIZARD OF THE NILE. With
"HOOT WON" WHEELAN.
POPULAR PRICES 25 and M cent*
Telephone— Bush J.
CfCfiCI GREATEST LIYING
JlCULL, MANDOLIN VIRTUOSO.
BEATS ON SALE at The ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.'S STOKE. 769 Market St.
Y. M. C. A. HALL,
FRIDAY NIGHT, Feb. 8.
ADMISSION. 60c: RESERVED SEATS. 75c.
CHUTES ANDJZOO f^^|
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL!
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON.
JUVENILE PERFORMERS' DAY.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
MOiNSTEU. CAKEWALK.
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
THE HENSCHELS.
THIRD EECITAL AT METROPOLIT AH TIMPIE
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON AT 1:15.
Subsequent Recitals: *
Nest Monday Evening at 8:15 o'clock. ¦
Wednesday at 3:15 p. m. ' Last recital Thurs-
day. Keb. 14, at 8:13 p. m.
Prlcf»— 75c. SI, $1 SO and J2. Seats for all
recitals on sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
. t
SHERMAN, CLAY^ CO.'S B4LL.
TUES.. WED. and FRI. AFTS., Feb. 12, «, 1$.
Leopold Godojvsky,
TUB GREAT PIANIST.
Reserved Heat*— $2. $1 £0 and $1. On sale at
Sherman, Clay & Co/s.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IMMENSE REDUCTION
FINE FURNITURE
Front Early Renaissance to
Colonial Epochs.
Tapestry, Ve'vels, Damasks,
Lace Curtains and Wall *
Coverings.
2C T0 cjTper cent
Ld 1° 3V DISCOUNT
—IX—
OLD BRASSES,
Marble Statues, Bronzes,
Italian iliajoliche and
OIL PAINTINGS
By Famous Masters, such m
C. DETTI. LuVZERGES BEATJQUESSfE.
PORTEJE, SIMOXETTI, GASPARIXI,
SALA. ETC.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
229 Sutter Street,
B«twecn Grant avenue and Kearny street. S. F.
! Start ¦
."Ko-Nut"
B A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat for
g Shortening, Frying and :
fcj • General Cooking,
| and you will keep it up.
P Absolutely f res from Animal
f Never Gits Rancid. \
r Crullers have the o!d-fash-
| ioncd taste when "KO-NUT"
g is used to shorten and tiy.
¦ ; Ask Your Grocer or Write. ;
| India Refining Co., ,
|| Philadelphia. "V
nl Pr nfllfll Corner Fourth ant
valises checked trt*CHICAGO. Feb. 7.— At the outset trade In
wheat was marked by some excitement occa
sioned by an advance at Liverpool, quite
agreeable to the bullish hopes roused by the
heavy export sales' yesterday. May opened 12
@%c higher at 75U@75^c, and on buying by
commission houses and covering by shorta
rallied during tho flm half hour to 75U<8"75%c
At this Liverpool announced that the advance
on that side was due to buying by Americans.
The market thereupon became flat, and the
bear contingent, assisted by discouraged liqui
dation on the part of longs, sent May " down
to 74?i®74v4c. The pressure on the decline was
very moderate, but the demand came only
from a few small bulls. Trade here became sj
dull that there was ample time to pay atten
tion to the gossiping of alleged wise ones.
Reported export engagements of | sixty loads
brought the shorts- to cover, May rallying to
73%c, the best price of the day.
Corn experienced a moderately active day
and a fair volume of trade. The close was
firm with May»4c up at 3ST4c.
Oats were dull and featureless. May closed
a shade up at 25U@25Hc. • . ;¦, .
Provisions ruled dull but firm and feature
less. May pork closed unchanged, and lard
and ribs each 2*4'S'5c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain and. Produce.
NEW TORK, Feb. 7.-The clamour cf the
va6t pr«ject*»<i st«>el combination^ swept over
Wall street to-day and dominated the specu
lation almost completely, a renewed upward
movfmfnt in Union Pacific formed a., effective
tupplemwit. The Fte*l Ftooks all opened notablv
•trong and had rood advances under the flood
at buying orders attracted by the significant
admissions from authorities In the steel trade
a* to th» reality cf pending negotiations. The
enormous volum* of the offerings during the
flrtt hour, especially In Federal Steel made it
<l»zr to traders that holders of very large
¦ inorntg of this stock were willing to avail
themselves of the good news to realize profits.
The amount of nock encountered at »5 was
apparently unlimited, and not only Federal
t.ut the whole market staggered under It.
Consideration of the known facts regarding
the fteel negotiations disclosed that a good
.Ual was being taken for granted by the specu
lator*. That Mr. Carnegie had Indicated a
willingness to pell the control of his property
Feemed to be admitted, but the surmises re
garding the further plans for the "billion doV
lar steel trust" had evidently run considerably
beyond the- ascertained facts. There were sig
nificant Intimations thrown out that the whole
negotiation was «111 in a somewhat delicate
*laxe, such as lfft the possibility that un
bridled speculation in the securities concerned
•night seriously Interfere with its consumma
tion. The idea of bein»t long of the steel stocks
¦«vlth -the proposed combination collapsed and
abandoned wa* sufficient to cause a nervous
state of mind among some of the speculators
who have taken on enormous lines of these
*tock*. The appearance of Incide selling added
to their perturbation. With the speculative
position thus made vulnerable, the stocks were
fcubjecte^i tc severe handling during the after-'
noon. There was a momentary pause in the
fali. but it was renewed .'train, carrying Fed
eral Fteel flown an extreme 5»/ 4 , Federal Steel
preferred. Steel and Wire. Tennessee Coal and
National Steel 4' If Colorado Fuel 4«i and other
member* of the group from 2 to 3 point*
These violent declines were due to a specula
tive raid. It w«s manifest by the sudden rise
when the shorts began to cover, 6teel and
Wire rallying Z%, Federal Steel preferred »V4
and other etocks in the group from 1 to 5
>p<iir.ts. The railroad list had its opening bulge
f<nd BUt*e<juent declines on proflt-taklng but
;t v.»s Miffened up again to Mint degree, by
the rwrarkabi* 8dv«nce in Union Pacific «'
3 1 * points to K%. The rumor that a proposed
stock Issue to provide for the- Southern Paclnc
purchase had been underwritten at par win
The cause of the excited speculation in Union
Pacific. Here ecain the high level invited
tnormous realizing. The movement elsewhere
in the railroad list was rather mildly respon
•Ke «nd only a ferr other railroad rtocks at
tained «ny notable price level above last
night. With the late drive against the steel
Mocks Ihe whole list crumbled, Union Pacific
Itwlf yielding all but a small fraction of its
oovaiw. and many market leaders among
the rrangers. coalers, mink lines. Pacifies and
Southwestern* falllnr from 1 to 2 points below
last night's level. The falling of Missouri I>a
r'fic wa« especially urgent, carrying that stock
fi under last night'e level, an extreme drop
«->f 4 Dolnts. The final rally In Union PaclHr
l»"t H with a net pain of 1%. The volume of
dealings again reached a figure far above the
normal and near to the record, and there have
*eldcm been such excited dealings and such
vide trrtJ erratic fluctuations in the market
•Vtzrj York Stock Market.
San Francisco and vicinity— Unsettled weath
er Friday with rain; continued cool; brisk
«*outhwcst winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Southern California— Unsettled weather Fri
<28>- with Ehowere; continued cool: fresh scuth
winds.
Nevada— Snow Friday; continued cold.
Utah— Snow Friday; continued cold.
Arizona— Enow in northern portion; rain la
southern portion; continued cold.
Northern California— Unsettled weather with
rain Friday, snow in the mountains; brisk
eoutherly wind*.
Pan F"rar,ci»<y> data — Maximum temperature
fl. minimum 40, mean 64.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST:
The pressure has fallen over Northern Cali
fornia and Oregon. Within th» large area- of. a
poneial etorrr. thprp are two well marked foc
ondary etonns, on* over the Valley of the
Colorado and the other over Northern Califor
nia- The weather continues unsettled over
the entire suuth western portion of the United
State*.
Pnow has fallen in Utah and Northern Ari
zona and east across the llocky Mountains.
The fmrrature continues below the normal
over nearlv all of the Pacific Slope:
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight, February 8. 1901:
There was no change In Exchange, though
some of the banks continued to sell over the
quotations ' below. Silver was lower again.
The Bank lot England reduced Its rate of
discount, as will be seen In the first column.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — %i S5',4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S9U
Sterling Cables — t 90",*.
New York Exchange, sight — 17Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 22H
Silver, per *ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 ® hi
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool, Paris and New York
were all firmer, and the tendency at Chicago
I was rather upward. About 60.000 bushels were
taken, half of it being for export. The South
west reported an excellent export demand for
Antwerp and Hamburg. The- latter port has
not been in the market for several months.
Later on the Chicago market became easier,
local operators and St. Louis selling, the weak
ness In Corn affecting Wheat. . .
The local market was dull and not mate
rially changed.
Spot "Wheat— Shipping. 97%c; milling. $1@1 05
per ctl. - - •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May— 4000 ctls,
$103H;.80O0. $1 02?i: 32.000, $103. December—
2000, $1 07; 6000. $1 0CT4.
Afternoon Session— May— 6000 ctls, $1 03; 24,
000, $1 02%. December— 4000, $1 07.
BARLEY— Dealers continuo to complain of
the stagnation In trade. Prices show no
change.
Feed, 75c for choice bright, 72H@73»ic for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Krewing and Shipping
grades, 77V4@82V4c; Chevalier, nominal.
- CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — There was rather more business yes
terday, though it was of a retail character.
White. Jl S0@l 60; Surprise, nominal; Red,
$1 250140 for Feed and $1 33@1 43 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black." for Feed. $1 11V-&1 20;
for Seed. M 25«?l 3« per rtl.
•CORN— Yellow, $1 12H@1 15: White, $1 15;
Eastern, mixed, Jl 12V4 per ctl. • ' v,;'
RYE— 85@87'£c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 So per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25QI
3 60, usual. terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 75@2 85 per barrel for family and
U 75@3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers'. 12 75
@3. . . . v , •>.-•¦
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, 17: Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 60; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom-
Ir.y. $3 50fi3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4©4 2^:
Cracked Wheat, $3 60; Farina, $4 50; Whols
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels>, $6®
7 25; In sacks, $5 75(g7; Pearl Barley, $3; Split
Teas,- $5; Green Peas, $5 E0 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstu ffs.
¦ Dealers' say that if the present light receipts
, of Hay . continue ' there Is a chance tor , the
market to do better, before long. Bran rules
as firm as ever. ,
BRAN— $15@16 per ton.
. MIDDLINGS— $16 50019 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled j Barley. , $18@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal fet the mill, $25@26; Jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake. $17@18: Corn Meal. $25
(S25 50; Cracked Corn, $25 EO<&26; Mixed Feed,
$13@16.
HAY — Volunteer. J5@8; Wheat, $11(8)13;
Wheat and Oat, $9012; Oat, $9®U 50: Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa. $S@0 50; Barley, $7 50{f9 50
per ton.
STRAW— «5®47%c per bale. . .
Beans' and Seeds.
. ' The Government: opened the bids for Beans
yesterday. The state of the market for' the
next few dayR will: depend largely upon how
much tho Government will take. The feeling
continues steady. : ¦ • . - :
BEANS — .Bayos.' $2 50@2 75; ! Small White.
$4 60® 4 90; Large White,' $4®4 25; Pink, $2 15@
2 35; Red. $3®3 50; ¦ Blackeye. - $3@3 25; Llmas.
$5 60@5 70: < Pea, 'cleaned up and nominal; Red
Kidney, $3 73@4 per ctl.. ¦
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal:: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 S0@3; Canary, 3V4fl>
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. ,7%@9Hc; Rape, 2^
2Hc: Hemp, 3^@3%c; Timothy, 6V4c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2@2 50; Green. $2 70
@3 .per, ctl; Blackeye.; nominal.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
.There were no Vegetables In 'from, tho South.
as the trains were delayed by washouts. . Quo
tations represent . the , cleaning . up of. the car
ried over s stock.
Potatoes and Onions stood about the same. ¦
POTATOES— Early Rose, 65@75c; Burbanks.
| S.'4j50c : for River, <: $1@1 25 . per ¦ ctl for Salinas
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW TORK, Feb. 7.-On the opening call
the market was firm, with prices 2@8 points
higher, soon Increased to a matter of 8@10
roints by a scare of pit shorts and brisk out
t-!de buying. Early in the afternoon business
dwindled to a mere scalping trade, with prices
licvprtng around the noon bids. The market
lir.ally closed quiet, with prices net 1 point
lower to 5 points, higher. .
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Feb. 7.-The local market for
metals was very quiet, with business chiefly
of a hand-to-mouth order. The reported con
summation of the steel combination had no
cr.parent effect upon the market. Tin locally
vas about 23 points lower in sympathy with
the weakness abroad and the expectations of
Urge arrivals this week. The close here was
Mi the basis of $28 20Q28 30, with trading Mack
There were no new developments in copper
Iccally, the market ruling dull and nominal
at $17 for Lake Superior and $16 62% for cast
lr.g and electrolytic. Spelter was again weak
and somewhat lower, principally due to the
Mack trade here. The close was { weak at
}3 iiWitZ 95. Lead was unchanged at $4 37U
Dcmestic Iron markets were easy In tone, but
rot quotably lower. Plglron warrants were
quoted at $3 50@10 50: Northern foundry $loifj)
16 50; Southern foundry. JH S0@15 75, and soft
Southern $13@13 75.
New York Metal Market.
The market for evaporated apples ruled
rather slow, but firmly held on the absence
of sellers. At the close prices were unchanged
but tending upward. State common. 3f;«l»ic'
prime, 4%g5c; choice, 5%®-$c; fancy, 6S7c ' '
California, dried fruits ruled inactive but
steady. Prunes were quoted at 3\i.9i\^c per
round, as to size and quality. Apricots—
Royal, 7?4@12c; Moorpark. 8t;<315c. reaches-
Peeled. 14gl8c; unpeeled. 6«A®10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EGGS— Receipts. 67S5 packages: steady; 'West
ern, at mark, 20&@21c; Southern, at mark,
lSU^&'ic.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4539 packages; steady;
fresh creamery, 16@18c; June creamery, 17*?2Oc
factory. ll@14Hc* "
SUGAR — Raw. steady; refined, steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 Invoice,
7V4c; mild, steady; Cordova, S@12Hc. Futures
closed steady, with prices net 13^20 points
higher; total sales, 54,5oO bags, including Feb
ruary, $G 75; March. J5 50@5 75: July. $5 65-
May, $3 705/5 R5; July, $0 8C@5 90: September.
S5 85@5 90; October, to S0@5 55; December, $6 10©
0 3-'.
WHEAT— Receipts, 23,700 bushels; export*,
40,066 bushels; spot market, firm; No. 2 red,
£0%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 79>ic elevator;
No. 1 Northern Dululh. 86V4c f. o. b. afloat:
No. 1 hard Duluth, 30c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened firmer en etronrr English . cable news.
Later they weakened under disappointing out
side support and small clearances and rallied
again on export and local reports, with the
close Dim, U@?«c net advance: March. 73<3!
79 7-16c. closed at 79Uc: May, 79 9-16#79 15-16c
closed nt 79"ic; July, 7^Vi®"9%c, closed at 79 5 ic.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES-Firm.
AVOOL— Steady.
NEW TORK, Feb. 7.— FLOUR— Receipts, 12,
600 barrels; exports, 1<),331 barrels; market un
changed and barely steady,- with a continued
dull trade.
FAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Feb. 7, 1301—5 p. m.
The following are the Keasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date
last season, and ralnfull In last twenty-four
r,f>ur*:
fT20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
•"Currants are flat on the spot, but cables
report an advancing market in Greece. Ad
vice* are said to have been received also that
the Ix>rvJon market is doing still better. The
bulk of the 5.'.0 barrels cf currants, noted yes
terday in^rning as having arrived from Rot
terdam, It Is understood, are for Western
points. Prime •* vapor* led apples are quiet and
unchanged on the f-rot. Prime to arrive are
weaker and are offer?d freely at 4\c"
Mall rerorts from New York «>ay: *"Dullne«s
prevails practically all along the Jine in this
market. The jobbing trade continues to take
prunes fairly well in srr.all lots at low prices,
and there is a little inouiry for peaches and
Bpricots. hut buyers' ideas are considerably »x?
l^w holders', and very little business results.
The size? of prunes meftinB with the best sale
fire M-lMi and C0-7OS. The latter flie Is scarce,
«nd In B->me cases Jobbers are obliged to take
70-ftf*s Instead. California raisins are quiet and
unchanged. Imported taisins are wanted in
mull lots only here and there, and buyers can
ppt goods practically at their own prices.
New York Dried Fruit Market.
Exports cf sped* ficm this port by sea !n
January were J6JS.S4S. cpainst JS63.9C3 in Jan
t.nrj-. 1S00. the Ipading descriptions bein^ as
Mlow*: Silver bullion. 189.760: Mexican dol
lar*. I2Q2.U7: gnid coin. J3i4.875: currency and
bondF. f.^.361. t>f thesj> Khipnienls J27S.711 went
to Ilor.gkong and $414,137 to. New York.
Exports of Specie.
The Bank of England has reduced Its rate of
<!iK-ount from 5 to 4^ per cent, thus showing
tr. easier money market in London.
Bank of England Rate.
¦'Cash quotations were as follows:- Flour, dull
and weak; No. 3 spring wheat, 65@72c: No. 2
rsd, 74@ 75c ; No. 2 corn, 37 I / 4@37*4c; No. 2 yel-
The reduction la the .Bank of England rate
end the falling In the sterling: exchange rate
put gold exports at present out of the ques
tion. The rate for loans did not ri*e above 2
per cent on the exchange, but speculators are
not entirely free from uneasiness as to the
*-normous financial or>eratlons in contempla
tion.
The railroad bond market continued very
active, but there were some ¦ recessions in
prices in sympathy with the reaction in stocks.
Hotal rales. per value. J7.610.000. Unite-1
States bonds were all unchanged on the last
call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Scld. Stocks— Bid.
3S.0O8 Atchison 54
23.50-) Atchlson prefd SSTi
6.900 Baltimore & Ohio 9l»»
Canadian Pacific 91H
Canada Southern 57Vi
21,500 Chesapeake & Ohio 41H
S.000 Chicago Great Western 20
17,300 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 141'i
13.S00 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 31H
3,200 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd.. 6S*i
l.eoo Chicago & Eastern Illinois 9S^»
500 Chicago & Northwestern 1"4
16.S0O iliicago Rock Island & Pacific. ...125^
1,500 C C C & St Louis tl'i
4.300 Colorado Southern STi
S.000 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 145?i
S.OW Colorado Southern 2d prefd ISii
7,200 Delaware & Hudson 154',i
SOO Delaware Lackawanaa & Western. 1S6
11.400 Denver & Rio Grande 395;
6.100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd S7»i
44.4U0 Erie 29H
2S.100 Erie 1st prefd 66»i
7.S32 Great Northern prefd 192 I
490fIIocking Coal 17
3.4»*Hocking Valley 4876
4.100 Illinois Central 129 s *
1.000 Iowa Central : 25'.s
300 Iowa Central prefd 54
200 Lake Erie & Western 44
200 Lake Erie &. Western prefd 113
Lake Shore 220
18.400 Louisville & Nashville 92
23,300 Manhattan L. 11SH
2,410 Metropolitan Street Railway 163
303 Mexican Central 15>i
SOO Minneapolis & St Louis 71U
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 107
2S.0O0 Missouri Pacific SS«£
1.900 Mobile & Ohio 70
9.300 Missouri Kansas & Texas 21H
11,100 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd... 67
1<V) New Jersey Central 152
2.100 New York Central 144U
4.100 Norfolk & Western 45%
700 Norfolk & Western prefd '. S5
S7.400 Northern Pacific 84H
8.100 Northern Pacific prefd '.. SS
25.100 Ontario & Western 33ii
Orepon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway &. Navigation pfd. 76
S.WV) Pennsylvania 14SV$
32.40O Reading 331,
27.3W Reading 1st pref<l 73'i
27.703 Jt.adine: 2<1 prefd ." 44
Klo Grande Western 65
100 Rio Grande Western prefd 93
7.S00 Pt Louis & San Francisco 32*;
r/x> St Louis & San Francisco 1st pfd. 80»i
£.000 St Ix>uis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 59?i
4.900 St I»uls Southwestern 25'^.
C.900 St Louis Southwestern prefd 54»i
63,::«0 St Paul 154
St Paul prefd 190*1 I
St Paul & Omaha 12S
44.900 Southern Pacific 47
i:,300 Southern Railway 23*;
5.9*0 Southern Railway prefd 7fii;
IS.fi'V) Texas & Pacific 30 j
277.K00 fnlon Pacific 9514!
60.S37 Vnlon Pacific prefd S3ii !
13,500 Wabash 14?
24,300 Wabash prefd '.."' 3l4 I
21.110 Wheeling & Lake Erie nit!
12.300 Wheeling: & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 31'*
600 Wisconsin Central ; 17
Third Avenue "l'O
4,100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd ' I71:
lS.3f>0 National Tube 57*
1.800 National Tube prefd , "103
Express Companies —
Adams , 155
American jj->
United States .......! 65
'\V»U*-Fargc> !!!l40
Miscellaneous —
1-0 American «'otton Oil 301:
American Cotton Oil prefd ."." SSM.
American Malting 4^
American Malting prefd " 94
6.000 American Smelting & Refng. 61U
600 American Smelting & Refng prefd. 99>I
American Spirits -
American Spirits prefd 17
1'.300 American Steel Hoop \ 3oy;
2.100 American Steel Hoop prefd ' 76 "
12i.7f") American Steel & 'U'lre "" f,(«i
?.10O American Steel & Wire prefd . " 13
42.R<V) American Tin Plate.... ' «9li
3.100 American Tin Plate prefd .' so
19.100 American Tf^jacco .'.'.'ll7ti
American Tobacco prefd !!"l40
'..2 (lf l Anaconda Mining Co " 441
19.100 Brooklyn Rapid Transit .' 7S»t
1>*.OOO Colorado Fuel & Iron '" 4sif
18,3(10 Continental Tobacco "" 46^
2f» Continental Tobacco prefd '..'.' f' KM
109.700 F^eral Steel v gg
:4.9f>0 Federal Steel prefd """"ko
COO General Electric '"¦" 1071/
300 Glucose Sugar A?
2f<0 Glucose Sugar prefd 55
. 1.000 International Paper
1.200 International Paper prefd""" : ->iI i
Laclede Gas -•-.... -^
200 National Biscuit .'.'.'.'. ics?
National Biscuit prefd '..*.'.*.'* 94
National Lead .... -•--... .
100 National Lead prefd....' *&Z
20.700 -National Steel „,,
C.4f)0 National Steel prefd <m7
200 New York Air Brake.. ,1$^
400 North American """ 2A
210 Pacific Coast ."/. s"
Pacific Coast 1st prefd..*.".'.'.'. cc
Pacific Coast 2d prefd.: . * «?
700 Pacific Mall ?,„,
6,000 People's Gas .'.' i^-*
l.SOO Pressed Steel Car, ex dlv 1-1/
200 Pressed Steel Car. prefd....' 7«i
. 200 Pullman Palace Car -,£ *
100 Standard Rope & Twine... :" %v
• El.Gt-0 Sugar ""' .4,2
100 Sugar prefd ".'.*. iia' 2
14, SCO Tennessee Coal & Iron cji
35.100 United States Leather ••••••• ™>n
2.WW United States Leather prefd 75a;
United States . Rubber.../.....".'.'. •><)
300 Unite! States Rubber prefd..' "fin
13.S00 Western Union ...."" R6
21,300 Amalgamated Copper " <mu
6.100 Republic Iron & Steel '¦££
¦ 1,500 Republic. Iron & Steel prefd.. I fiii?
........ p c c & st Louis ;;;;;;; 3
1.7S5.6C0 Shares sold. , •
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 103 1 ; N" Y C lsts.... 107
Do coupon 105U N J c gen 6s. "i-hji'
U S 2s reg HOVi ft Pacific Cs.... " ?itl
Do 3s coupon. ...110H Do 4s '"'in's?
po new 4s reR.-.iani N Y C & St l"."is.lO9
Do new 4s coup..l37U N & W con 4s iniu
Do old 4s reg. ...113% Or Nav lsts.... '"m"
Do old 4s coup..H3>4 Do 4s '. " in*t/
Do f.s reg 110S4 Or Short Line *6s' 127 *
Do Ss coupon HOVi Do con 5s lieu
DIM of Col 3.65s. ..123 Reading gen 4s '"931?
Atchlson gen 4J...1OJ>4 R G W lsts.. ""ino
Do adj 4s 93 St L & I M conii'.is
Canada So 2ds 110 5t L & S F gen 6s i'3
Ches & O 4V4* 107Vi St Paul cons lgi
0 **"' ¦¦• *" St P C & P lsts. ..119
Chi & N con 7s....l3-» Do Ss Jw
Do S F deb 5s. ..124 S Pacific 4s... "si
Chicago Term 4e.. 96 IS Railway Ss....''ii6
Colorado So 4s R47* Stand R & T 6s... 61
D & R G 4s 103\4 Tex & Pac l6ts....UM;
Erie gen 4s M>, Do 2ds • og
F W & D C lsts.. 83 D Pacific 4s...'.V.*;'iO6U
Gen Electric Ss....l60 Wabash lsts..;.. "mS
Iowa Cent lsts 116^ Do 2ds.. 11014
L & N unl 4s; 101% West Shore 4s luil
M»K & T 2ds W% Wise Cent lsts."."^
Do 4» 97Ti Va Centuries....... 96
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief... .. -14
Alice 43 Ontario '.6 00
Following were the sales In th« Paclfl' 3-o-w
nxrhang! yeeterday: '
Morning Session.
2139 Best A Belcher 27 200 Ophlr ....
700 Con Cal & Va..l 55 400 Ophir -,
150 Con Cal & V.I 57V% 2OT Sierra X»vada' i*
M Crown Point... lt ICO Silver Hill " l~
250 Crown Point... 13 300 Yellow Jacke''" 13
300 Ophlr 71 ' J
Afternoon Session."
3C0 Best & Belcher 271 100 Ophir .. »t
4CO Con Cal & Va..l 63! 40O Ophlr ..." ~\
ZOO Coa Cal & V.l 57*.' 4C0 Yellow Jacket!! U
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Feb. 7—1 P . m
Upha .f^wUt.ce B '?, As £
Alta 03 04 Kentuck .... {,{ aj
Andes CS 0!> Lady Wash _ m
Belcher .: 17 IS, Mexican ...""" - 8 .?
Best & Belcher 28 27 j Occidental- I o- r«
Bullion (,2 03 Ophlr .. " -V -,'
Caledonia 67 «0| Overman " ?I i-
Challenge- Con.. 18 l* : PotA S i ' " «» 1%
Chollar 11 12 Sav a^» '....'."" « [Z
Confidence 72 74;3<:orp:oR '"' _ •!
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 5o!5ej? EMctMT d Pt
Con Imperial... —-01; Sierra Ktva&k '« it
ron New York.. •- 01 Silver H.ii « «
Crown Point... li ISiSt Lou's "" _ ?%
Eureka. Con OS —'Standard ....'."4 :i> 4 •»
? c , h . eq t'i "" «;Syn<Mcat» ....I". — o%
Gould & Curry. 39 40!UnlonCon "4 ;*
Hale £ Norcrs. IS 20 j Utah gj w
Julia — C3;Yellow Jacket., h n
Loral Mcurltlen wer« unchanged and quiet
on the niornlnK session.
In th* afternoon «a» and Electric declined
to |47 f,2\i-
On the morning session of tn« Oil Exchange
lh»re wan no chans* worthy of note and busi
ness was fair. The same conditions prevailed
In the nfternoon.
Thfl Han Jose Watrr Company will pay a
dividend of EOc per share on the lltn.
The California Street Cable Railway wilt pay
a dividend of 50c per shire on the 13th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Feb. 7—2 P. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Dld.Ask.
U B <s coup...H3HU!H US 4a cp(new)l3<«*13.*t
Do 4s reg.,..113V41144 Do 3s coup,.110UU«4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
nay C P Co 58.105 — Oalc W Co 6s.. — 152Vi
Caf-st Cab 5s. 116 — Oceanic 8 S 5slO7 —
C C Water 6s.lO7tflO8Vi Om C R 6s... .128 —
WLAP 6s.. 125 — Pac G Imp 4s.lOO — .
F Si Cl Ily 6A.1UV& — Pk & Cl It 89.105 —
Geary-st It 6s — — Pk A O K 6s.. — —
Haw C 5Hs.. .108*4— Powell-st R «sl20^ —
Do 5s 104H — S E G & R 6s. — 100
L A R R 6S...11IHH3 S F & SJV 6S.12O —
L A Lt 6s — — S R of Cal 6«..11O —
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 S P of A 6s. .110% —
Do Kntd 6s.. — — S P Of C 6s (1905)
LAP 5s 101V4 — Series A 110% —
Markt-Rt C 6s.l26 — Do (Series B)1U —
Do lRt c 5s. .122 — Do (1306) 113 114
N C N G R 7s — 113V4 Do (1312) 122 122»4
N R of Cal 6s.H2 — S P of C lc Bs.107 108b
Do 5s 120 — S P Br R 6s. ..132 —
K P C R R 6s.iom — S P Water 6s.ll4i4115
Do Ss 10S — Do 4s 103 103tf
N C R R 5s... — 113 Do 3d mtg..,102U —
O (1 L & II Bs.lll — Stk G & E fis.103 — ¦
Oak Tr Co 6s.. Ill 115
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 67 68^ [Spring Val.... 93 —
Marin Co 52% — | .
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 4 Pac Lt Co 43 —
Kquit Gas S 3<4 S E G £ R.... — 37H
Mut El Lt.... 7 — S F G & B.... 47% 43
O G L & 11... — 60tf San Fran 4H 4tf
Pac Gas Imp. — 44 V 4 Stktn G & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCK&
Firems Fund.-. 232 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Anslo-Cal .... 77 — Lon P & A....T43 —
Bank of Cal. .410 — Mr Ex (liq)... 1« —
Cal S D 105«410fl S F National. .120 125
1st M of S F.. — 312'/4
SAVINGS BANKS.
German — 1S30 Sav & Lean...— —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual EO — Union Trust... — —
S F Sav V 510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Cal-st 135 HO |O S L & H.... 4» —
Geary-st 47>,i — IPresldlo — 20
Market-st 6S% 69'il
POWDER STOCKS.
California ....150 — Vigorlt 2% 3
Giant Co.n WiWi
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan S% S»i Kllauea 2l\L 21%
Haw Com — ST 1 * Makawell 42 43
Honokaa ...... 31 31% Onomea 28 —
Hutch S P 26U — Paahau 33»i —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A... 128 127 Ocn S S Co 10Ot4 —
Cal Ft Can — 106 Pac A F A 2 —
Cal Wine A.. .100 — PC Brx Co. ..155- —
Mer Ex Assn. 100 — Para, Pt Co.... 12H —
Morning Session.
Board—
$3,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 105 00
40 Cal Safe Deposit 106 50
13 Giant Powder Con 84 50
20) Honokaa S Co 30 73
2i> Hutchinson S P Co 26 62'£
15 Kilauea Sugar P Co 21 37",
110 Pacific Gas Imp 44 CO
25 Paclnc Gas Imp 41 25
IS Pacific Lighting 43 00
60 KF Gas & Electric Co (s 90) 4? 23
30 S F Gas & Electric Co'. 43 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Hana Plantation Co 8 Mt,
25 Honokaa S Co SO 87^ j I
60 Honokaa S Co... 3100
40 Hutchinson S P Co 26 62»j
10 Oceanic S S Co..* #.10100
120 Paauhau S P Co 32 12!i
!•> Paauhau S P Co 32 23
83 Pacific Gas Imp 44 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co (s> 30).. 47 75
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 73
50 S F Gas & Electric Co (s 60) 47 624
K.OirO S P of A Bonds Ill 00
10 S V Water 92 CO
$2,CC0 S V 43 (2d Mtg) 103 CO
• Street—
50 Cal Wine Assn 100 CO
35 Honokaa S Co 30 75
$23,000 Oceanic S S Bonds 50
•PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Board—
1ZM Aetna *J
300O California-Standard 37
400 Caribou •..." SO
; 100 Century SO
650 El Dorado 2 05
50 El Dorado 2 10
200 Four Oil Co 57
933 Four Oil Co. 5S
ICO Four Oil Co , 53
23 Home Oil 4 30
100 Independence 19
23 Kern River IS 25
• 70 Kern River IS 50
100 Lion Oil Co 2*
200 Monarch ol Arizona S4
500 Occidental bt West Virginia 72
£00 Occidental of West Virginia 71
23 Peerless 8 S714
2C00 Petroleum Center 24
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co 63
iUO Reed Crude Oil Co..... 67
• WO Superior 30
100 Wolverine 1 62£
Afternoon Session. < .
• • Board —
1000 California-Standard, b 30 M
100 El Dorado 2" 10
27W Four OH Co 60
20") Junction S7
W0 Lion OH Co 22
SOO Lion Oil Co 23 *
f>00 Monarch c' Arizona S4
600 Monarch of Arizona, b 30 S7
200 Monte Crtsto 2 474 '
lftOO Monte Cristo, b SO 2 50 j
300 Occidental of West Virginia: 71 I
600 Occidental of West Virginia 72
1300 Petroleum Center, b 30.. 15
£00 Petroleum Center 24
400 Reed Crude Oil 87
100 Sterling O & D Co 3 30
100 Twenty-eight 2 2S
100 Wolverine » 1 62'i
CLOSING .QUOTATIONS. t
THURSDAY. Feb. 7—2:30 n. m. I ;
MINING STOCKS. j
¦ Following /were th» pales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. ' »
10O Best & Belcher 36 100 Silver Hill 43
.50 Con Cal & Va..l 5"» 1C0 Yellow Jacket.. 12
• 160 Hale & Norcrs. 1»
'.;¦ Afternoon Session.
200 Andes ....; OS 400 Ophlr 73
350 Best & Belcher 27 ICO Ophlr 74
200 Caledonia ...... 6< 1C0 Savage IT
MO Con Cal & Ya.'.l 55 100 St»rra Nevada. 17
"ICO Con Cal & Va..l 53 200 Union -Con 26
ICO Crown Point... 14-
*Bank of England discount rate reduced.
Silver continues to decline.
Xctv York Exchange rules firm. .
Decreased exports of specie from tliis port in January.
'Pacific Codfish marked doivn again.
Wheat and Barley dull at previous quotations.
Oats, Corn and Rye about as before.
Hay steadier under lighter receipts. Bran firm.
Beans well held at previous prices. Seeds nominal.
Southern Vegetables and Citrus Fruits kept back by washouts.
Potatoes and Onions quiet and unchanged.
Eggs and Cheese lower. ' Butter as before.
Young Poultry fcry firm and old very "zeeak.
Arrivals of Game cut dozvn by zvashouts.
Increased nibbling at Prunes in the local market.
Provisions dull at previous prices.
Xo change in the Meat market.
Local stocks and bonds quiet. Oil stocks selling well.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balances, $142,028,231; gold. 576,957,363.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW TORK. Feb. 7.— Close: Money on call,
steady at 2 per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
3^4 per cent. Sterling exchange, easy, with
actual business In bankers' bills at $4 87*4, for
demand and $4 84H for sixty days. Posted
rates, $4 S3 and $4 8SV4@4 S3. Commercial
hills, $4 S3?i®4 S4V4. Silver certificates. 61@63c.
Bar silver, 60%c. Mexican dollars. 47c. Gov
ernment bonds, steady; State txmds, inactive;
railroad bonds. Irregular.
Atchlson, 55*i ; Canadian Pacific, H\i; Union
Pacific preferred, S9; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, POH; Grand Trunk, '%; Anaconda, 8v».
Bar silver, fiat, 92"4d p*r ounce. Money, 2Vi®
2V4 per cent.
Nav York Money Market.
CLOSING
NEW TORK. Feb. 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial - cablegram* says:
The tone of the market here to-day was good,
the announcement .that the Bank of England
had reduced Its minimum discount rate one
half of 1 per cent exerting a favorable In
fluence. Consols, however, were weak In an
ticipation of the announcement ' or» the new
war loan. The American department was ac
tive throughout the session and the whole list
was affected more or less. Much of the ac
tivity was due -to the participation of the
general public. The Continent operated on the
selling: side. A conspicuous feature was Union
Pacific. It opened above parity, then relapsed,
but closed strong at 3SVi on support from New
York. Silver was weak under pressure of
American selling.
London Market.
3r**ce 2 OO'Ophlr «5
Brunswick Con S3 t'hoenlx '. OS
Comstock Tunnel... 0* Potosl PS
n or » Ca! *= Jf a --" — 1 « Savnge II
Deadwood Terra.... 60 Sierra Nevada 16"
Horn Silver 10 Small Hopes «5
{ron Sl'ver 65 Standard 4 10
Leadville Con w|
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . Union Land I»i
Call loans ,.384 West End !>3»i
Time loans sg>l Westlnghse Elec... B4
Stocks— | Bonds—
Atch T & Su Pe.. 6SH Atchlson 4s.. If2
Do prefd 8S%|N H Gas & C 5s... 63%
American Sugar... 1371;,! Mining Shares-
Do prefd ...119 j Adventure 10"i
Boston & Albany. .^>4 HlnRham 19i«
Boston Elevated. ..1694!Atlantic 27«*
Boston & Maine. ..195 Boston & Montana. 322
I'hl B & Q. ex div.141- Butte & Boston.... SHj
Dominion Coal 36»i Calumet & Hecla..SSI
Do prefd.....: 10S«»|rentennlal .:... 23U
Federal Steel 51% jFranklln 1S»»
Do prefd go iirumboldt 25 :
Gen Electric I93?i Osceola S5
Do prefd ..15* Parrot .'. 9
.Ed Elec 111 245 Qutncy ..:..: 170
Mexican Central... 15 Sta Fe Copper 6M»
Old Colony 20S Tamarack 337
Old Dominion S2'-4 Utah Mining *.34
Rubber 194 Wlnona 6U
Union Pacific 95 Wolverines 4S^»
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS!
STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
* PACIFIC ; CO DFISH-Prlces have declined.
Bundles, per lb. i\ic; cases. 5c; do, extra large
54c; do. Eastern style, 5*ic; Boneless, , 6^c
Norway. fiHc; Narrow Gauge. 6^0; Silver King,
7Hc;- blocks. Oriental,' SUc: do, Seabright. 6^c;
COAL— Welllneton, J9 ' per ton: Southneld
W^ellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, W; Cumberland. J12 in bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
nel, $10 per ton ; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk" ami
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 43
per 200U lbs and $S 50 > per ton. according tu
brand. \
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lbbags:
¦ Crushed,' 6.25c; Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Oran
clated. -6.85c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners". A. 6.75c; Magnolia A, -5.35c; Extra C,
5.25c; Golden C, 5.15c; barrels, lOo more;'half
barrels. 2!jc more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags.
lOr. I more. I No ; orders taken for less ¦ than 75
tarrels or. Its equivalent.. Dominos. half-bar
rels. 6.50c: boxes. 6.75c per lb. ; '
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6'ic; local make,
6%c;/U*ool Bags, 30@32 1 ,ic; Fleece Twine, 7Uc.
General Merchandise.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
BEEF— 7(Q 8c for Steers and 6g7ViC per lb
for Cow's. v : ,?' ;
VEALr-Large, 7®Sc; small. 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9H@10c; Ewes. . 9@9i4c
per lb. .
LAMB— 10@llc per lb: springr, 12^c per lb.
. PORK— Live Hogs, 606^c for small and 6®
6Hc for medium and 6*ira&%c for large; stock
Hogs. 6@5»4c: feeders. 5Vi@5Hc; dressed Hogs.
7V4S9C. ¦-.-. -^ ;
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring Clip Is quotable ' as 'follows:
Northern, free, 15@16c; NortheTn, defective, 12@
14c; Middle County, free. 15<S16c; Middle. Coun
ty, defective. - 12©14c; Southern Mountain. 12
months', 9«916c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. ll@12c; Southern Mountain, : defective.
7 months'. 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendocino, "16
@17c: Nevada. 13(Ti:i6c per lb. . '- f ."-•¦ ,
Fair Clip— San Joaquln, S%@8c: do lambs. ST?
9c: Middle County, 9@10c; Northern 'Mountain,
free. 10(Sllc: Southern Mountain. 7%@SV»c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@12c per lb.
HOPS^13@l«c per lb; from second hands 16®
20c are the asking prices. . .
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quoHtions. Heavy Salted Steers,
9%@10c: medium. 9c; light, S@SV4c: Cow Hides.
SHc for heavy and 8@8Hc for light'; Stags. 6Qf
6%c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 9®10c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16c; Culls, He; dry Kip,
15@16c: Dry Calf. 16©17c: culls and brands.
14@15c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 20(S30c each:
short Wool, 30©50c each; medium. 6(KS75c: long
Wool, 75c@$l each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 50©
2 75 for large and }2W2 25 for medium, $1 25 for
small and 60c for colts: Horse Hides dry. U 75
for large. Jl 50 for medium. $1 25 for small and
60c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins.
3.">c; fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin
skins, • 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras,', "5c;
large and smooth. 50cr medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4VS@4%c- per lb;
No. 2. 4@4Vic: grease. 2@2%c. i.f. ,_\ •
LARD— Tierces quoted at 64«?6*ic per lb for
compound and 9VJc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9V4c; 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins lOUc.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. SVtc: three
half-barrels. 8c; one tierce. "Tic; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides', Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll®U^c per lb for
heavy, ll«4@12c for light medium. 12V4©'13c for
light., 13fetf 14c for extra light and 15©15Uc for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams,- 12c;
Mess Beef. $12 per barrel; extra Mess. S13;
Family. J14: extra prime Pork. $13® 15 50; extra
clear. $19 50@20; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c
per pound.
There Is not. much demand for goods at pres
ent, but prices are steady.
Provisions.
HONEY-Comb, 13%@14V4c for bright and 12%
©13c for lieht amber; water white extracted,
7*i<e8c: light amber extracted, 6H@7c; dark.
6P6V.C per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®28c per lb.
The local market for Prunes Is following the
New York marijet and dealers report increased
nibbling on th*part of buyers, though the de
mand is petty at beat and has not affected quo
tations. Buyers are trying to pick up lots un
der quotations. The other fruits stand the
game as before.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes, 3c
30-4Os 7c: 40--50S. 6»ic: 50-60s. 4Vie: 6O-70s. 3^ic.
70-SCs. 3Vic; SO-SOs, Z%c: 90-1003. 2Vic; 100-12OS.
lHc: rubies, hie premium: Sonomas, %c and
San Joaqulns, Uc less than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which Etand the same. Apri
cots, 60Sc for Royals and 10@10Hc for Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 4@5V4c: sun-dried.
lH<&2*ic; Peaches. 3@4c for standard, 3ViS»e for
choice and hhi@* l ic for fancy; Pears, 2«?7c;
Plums, pitted, 5®6%c; J unpitted, llglHc; Xec
tarines. WWc for red and 5H@6c for white.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb: choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prim», 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lOVic per
lb; choice, 9Hc; standard, S^ic; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas. Sc: Seedless, 50-lb boxes
6>4c: 4-crown, 7c: 3-crown. 6%c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 5',ie. and
4-crown, 5V4c; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy,
16-ounce, "c; 12-ounce, 5Vic; choice, 16-ounce,
6^c; 12-ounce, Mic: London layers, 2-crown,
$1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters
J2; Dchesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All prices f. o.
b. at common shipping points in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, S(glOc per lb for Italian-
Walnuts. No. 1. softshell, 10c; No. 2. "He: No.
1 hardshell. 9*>4c: No. 2. "c: Almonds. 12813c
for papershell. 9£?llc for noftshell; Peanuts. 5
©6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts.
13c: Pecans. 1 Hi 13c: Cocoa nuts, $3 50@5.
Dried Fruits. Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. JK92: Seed
lings. 50c@tl; Tangerines, 75c@Il 50; Mandarins,
75c@il; Lemons, 23c@$l 25 for common and Jl SO
@2 for good to choice: Grape Fruit, $1@2: Mex
ican Limes. J5(S5 50; California Limes, 2533"^:
Bananas, 75cS*l 75 per bunch; Pineapples, 75c
@|2 per dozen.
Apples are as previously quoted. Fancy con
tinue In light supply.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—35®65c per box for common, 75c@
$1 50 for good to choice and $1 15Q2 for fancy.
PEARS— 65e,tT$l 60 per box.
Rnlns'and washouts are Interfering with the
picking and shipping of Oranges, and only 2
cars are announced for to-day's auction. Stocks
are not heavy, but the cold weather Is against
the market. Lemons continue dull and weak
and Limes in light supply and firm.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras, 19c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, lie.
Storage — Creamery extras, ; firsts, ;
seconds, ; dairy extras, .
Pickle, per pound.
Kck. Per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 10c: choice.
9c- common, nominal: Young Americas, lOVac;
Eastern, full cream. lStflS^c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected white, 19c;% mixed
colors. ISc per dozen.
California gathered— Selected, ISc: standard.
; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy. ; standard, ;
seconds, .
Storage— California fancy, — ; standard, -^— .
Eastern fancy, ; standard, ; seconds.
nutter stands the same. There ar» no outside
orders being received, but the local demand Is
sufficient to keep stocks down to a managea
ble point.
Cheese is lower, and there Is plenty, of it
here.
The decline In Eggs continues, as will be seen
by the quotations. Receipts are liberal and
stocks continue to accumulate.
Receipts, as reported by the Dairy Ex
change, were 32,200 pounds Butter, 926 cases
KgRS and 13,900 pounds Cheese.
B UTT E R—
• Creamery— Extras, 21c; • firsts, 13c; aeconds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
tlamn wris In* Unlit receipt ntul conflnett to
BBVernl houseji. an th» trnlns wrre delnyed by
washouts. Only cr> sks mine in.
1'OUI/rUY-Uve Turkeys, it'fille for ' Oob-
H<-rs ami 11<M3ti fnr Hens; Dresiind Turkeyn.
YiUi<Q\i>r.i a<-pse, per pair, $1 60f72; Ooolln(i«.
U Mfflj l>uckn, $3 MVH4 50 for old nnrt JBtM M
lor younK! H p ns, $3 «0^4 CO; YouriR Hooptern,
f't(f}5 (iO; Uhl Iloosters. $3 6flftJ; Kryers. $.".««? :
llrulletB, J""f/fi 60 for laijre nnd tVill tor
Mtnull; Pigeons, fl'c/t 25 per dozen for ol'l ainl
$! bWtti 75 for Bqunhs.
OAMR— yuall, St 23 Tor Valley «n'l $2 25 for
Mountain; Mallard, Wfrt *¦"; Cnnvasback, (1 60
(£3 60; 8nrU. K©a SO; Teal. |1 ttOl f.O; Wld
cr-otl. II "'< f ii 1 r '"; fiinill IHn-k. flfii I r.0; Illnrlt
Jnck. $1 26i-,ri EO; Gray Oeosf. $3; Whltn Oeesp,
J1SJ1 23; Urant, |1 DO for small and $2
for large; Honkers, J3C* S"; 1'ngllsh Snipe,
}2 mm; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Hare. Ufll 23;
llnbfolts, ?t tO for Cottontail and |1 for
Hrush; Doves. 75c per doxen.
Th»> mnrl«et for j-nunp potiltrr continues very
firm, «lill<» hrns ntnl bid stock continue wak
and ilull. I'rlcpfl ulnml nboul as before.
Pouhrx and Game.
... .... .- «., .. *
B BO crnt»<: Kkw Plant, Los Angelest, per
lbs t.ireeh Pepper*, Los Afijteles. — — per lb for
Chile nml — for UM1: Drlfil Peppero. 9f{ilci
Dry Okrn, lOUlBo per lbj Carrots, 2.VJJ33 1 ? per
box! Hotlious« Cueutnbem, per doreti;
Summer Pqtmnh. — — • per box: cfnrllc, tilfiv
per IU: Marrowfat ,B(inaf<h, *!2i!2') per ton:
Mushrooms, .6015c P r r Ih.
VB(if3TAntiRS- Ilhtibnrb, — ; Asparagus.
fromPftcrnmetito. I5i|3nc i>*r lbs from liouiillti
lilund, 4(h5J Green Pens, Bd p»r lb; Strlnn
Jimtix, — -I Cftbbnge, 80cj Tomatoen. L"» An-
Relm, RSt-Jfll 60 i>«"r cmte: from Blexfco. $3 2""fJ
aiii'Mcfffl for Oregon! Gamut CbllM, from
Orcicon. 6B(ff«Se: flwe«t», ll#i 05 for Merced.
ONl«iNB~ll »0U2 t'«r ctlj Nevodan, $2^2 25;
Cut Dnlotin. II *5 per rtl.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, new.
3s lOd; American mixed, old, 3s HUd. Fu
tures—Quiet: February, 3s 9Vid; March, 3s 9>Ad;
May, 3s 9»id. .
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western
winter, 6s »4d; No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 4d;
Xo. 1 California. 6s S%d. Futures— Steady:
March. 6s Vid; May, 6s %d.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 7.-Wheat, steady; No. 1
Standard California. 6s 3dQCs Vt<i: wheat In
Paris, steady: flour In Paris, steady; weather
In England, frost.
COTTOX— Uplands, 5 13-3Id.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Feb. 7.— Consols, 96?i@36 13-16;
Silver, 27Tjd; French rentes, 102f 23c; wheat
cargoes on passage, quieter and hardly any
demand: Xo. 1 Standard California, 30c; Walla
Walla, 2Ss 3d.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. Feb. 7.— Wheat— Steady and quiet;
Bluestem, B7^c; Club, 55c.
WASHINGTON*.
PORTLAND, Feb. 7.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
51H@53C. ¦*
Foreign exports of jvheat from Portland for
tho week ending to-day were 516,554 bushels.
OREGON*.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 7.— Clearings, J3C0,
854; balances, f 66. 490. •
Portland's Business.
LONDON, Feb. 7.-0fferlnKS at the wool tiic
t!on sales to-day numbered 10.332 bales. Includ
ing a fair selection of scoured and stipes. The
dftnand was fair at recent rj"ices. Cross-breds
scld readily, especially Cape of Good Hope
nnd Natal offerings. A good selection of Punia
Arenas new clip was mostly sold at old rates,
the bulk going to the Continent.
London Wool Sales.
, HOGS— Receipts to-day. 81,000: to-morrow.
18. MO; left over, odtlmated, 1000. Market R'S'lOc
higher and active, clantnic stronger. Mixed
nnd butchers, $5 20@4 40; (rood to choice heavy,
J5 S0S5 45; rough heavy. $5 2005 i5; llKbi, $3 20
&B 35; bulk of sales, *$ 25<ff5 H. f
SHEEP— Receipts. 10,000. gtronK and a *h«d«
l.Ighcr. Good to cholca Tvethere, $3 83^4 BO:
Kood to choice mixed. *3 60^3 95; Western
pheep, $3 WKJf* 60; Texas sheep, $3 6003 50;
Texas lambs. $4 25S5 25; Western lambs, H 50
4J3 25.
i CHICAGO. Feb. 7.J-CATTI..E— ttecelptu. 7500.
Generally stronger and nctlve. Good to prim*
sUers, $5(36; poor to medium, $4 40fl>4 95; itock
rrs and feeder*. J2 75^4 50; cowl, $2 65©4 20;
h*lfer«, 12 70fl'4 B0; cnnnern. II 75Q-2 60; bulls.
H WJf4 40; cAlvc*, J4®6 2S; Texas fed ptrers.
H@< SO: Texnn grass eteera, |3 3Sff4; Texas
bvlls. $2 60(JJ3 f>0. •
Chicago Livestock Market.
LiVEnrooi*
Wheat- • Mnr. May
Ojxnln* , « »i 6 »4
Cloning « \k Mi
PA 1U3.
¦Wh«at— Feb. Apr.-Mny
Oppnlnn ..19 15 20 35
Closing .......,.,,...,,,,..,.,., 19 )5 20 35
Klour— ,
Op«"nlnK I« SO S« 15
CIcsinK "4 60 I» 15
Foreign Futures.
Articles— n*c(>lpu. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels .,,, ,., J3.000 3M00
¦Wheat. bU»H*l s 84. (MO P9.W0
Corn, bushels tW.<XH) . IS?."" 1 '
OaU, bUKhels , lPO.nfO P2.000
Ry«. bushels 4 ,,., 7.0W 8.W 1
mrlcy. bushel» 47.000 *,00t>
On th«» Pro.Jiicn KxfhnMit« to-«lny tin* butter
market n-n» rtrm: cr»-«nier}-, 14CJto: ilalry, lHi
CplSe. i-iirrpp, inactive, lOVtfj'UVc. Kn*».
quiet; fmli, U^o.
Ion-, 8*mr3tHct.No.'» c*t», iWi No. ! whit*.
£\«T«ej7*o. I white, HH&Hci No. I n«. »0H
CfMe; fair to choke nmitltut b«rW. W&»?;
No. 1 rU\«««.i, it «s; n... l Northwestern, >! Ms
Jirlm* timothy »•¦«>. I, |4»rn; nim pork, per bar
rel. 113 ?W1» «8t ¦ lanl, per IPO vounds. IT 4»tT
7 4<»it »hbrt rlnn eU1«« (loo**), M SOttMB: dry
salted shoulders (lio*e>l), 9»4«6>io: t»Uort dewr
Hide* Uioxwi), $7 SO<TT 80! whisky, basis of lijuh
uIiifb. »i ST; clover, contrnet «tnil», HI *W
11 40. . ¦
Tablets, met Middle, «Hoj do. "Whit* S*al.
tttc Fancy Donsl»§», to; <fo, Mb dcxm, ic;
I»»»!ceated, p?r dn*»n, TJoj I'lchted Cod, barrels,
each. IT; do, hnlf b*rt*t», M J5. _
PAl/r-M. ft. If. Bnlt. 113 2i V~r ton In 2*>-]J»
neck*; |13 60 In lW-lb nnckn; 114 23 In 60-lb
sacks. * : jj_
Receipts of Produce.
. ~; FOR THUnSDAY, rEflnUART 7.
Flour fjr sks...., M.7;W Middlings, tka.... 4T$
Wheat, ctlt «M lUy. torn 2<3
Marler «"tl9 3.3*0 Straw, ton* ¦ 2.«
Corn ctls.* lather, roltf 13
Tnll"w <»1« 110 l'elt#* Mta Itt
PotVtoW, ¦*» l.*IS irid#«. No... 6S
Hpan*, «ks 47H Chicory. bbl» 8
OHKOON.
Flour, <ir iR» J.WO [lay. ton, 2
Potatoes, »ks..... 2«3' >•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ITKIDAY, JTEBttUAHY 8, 1001.
Neiv York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
8
Articles— Ooen. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2— • - '
February 73 73V4 72*i C3
March 73*4 73% 73% . 73%
Mar.'. '5>i ' 75H 74T» 75ft
Corn No. 2— ' t r '"
February S6T4 S6Ti 36?i 36«
March : Zt\<» 87% 37H 37ii
May 39 . 33 " 3S"i MTi
Oats No. 2— /"
February .......... .... .... . ...". 24 B »
May I5Vi 25?i ' 25Vi K?4
Mess Pork, per bbl—
February 13 SO '
May .-....' .......14 03 14 07^ U 00 U 00
I*ard, per 100 lbs — ,
February 7 42«J > 7 45 ' 7 42H ¦ 7 45
March .......... • .... .... 7 45
May ...... ".: 7 62U 7 63 7 60 7 52U
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
February .............". .... .... 6 92U
May,:. .....7 O2V4 7 O7V4 7 02^ 7 05
STOCKS. I Bid.
I Asked.
Asked.
I !_
American Fuel & Qjl Co 28.
Buckhorn '. 2 00
California Standard 37
KI Dorado 2 15
Four 59
Hanford 113 CO
Hanford-Fresno-Kern River.... 23
Home 4 CO
Homestake —
Independence 1%
Kern 1100
Kern River IS SO
Uon Oil Co 12
I»s Angeles O & T Co 3 73
McKittrick Consolidated —
Monarch, of Arizona £3
Kear Flag —
Aetna • —
Continental —
Junction —
McKittrick , —
Queen Esther —
Jlcnte Cristo / 2 *•>
Occidental (of WestVa) TO
Petroleum Center 24
Reed Crude •-• >,--. Ri'
Pan Francisco & McKittrick... —
San Joaquln O & D Co 13 00
Shamrock .» —
Sterling: O & D Cr» —
Sunset Original —
Westlaka '.: 22
Wostehorc • , —
Tukon-.....:........ 52
Cal Oil & Gas.. 125
Central' Pt —
Peerless ;. —
Pittsburg : ••••• «
Superior ..." ; **
Wolverine • -• * «>
2S
2.73
3H
2 2->
60
no oo
33
4 35
10 50
19 '
12 M
13 CO
23/
12
81
46
38
1 Ofl
- -87'
37
SO
2 SO
71
25
SS
200
13 23
- SO
3 40
45
a
4 7.>
O
1 80
2 70
900
SO
30
163H
STj
INS.
1 Last I
|2« Hours S
Thi« I
season. ,
I Last
! Season.
E
P
rek*.
1 B!
•ram<
r.to
...I 0.10
... Trace
O.OO
13.S2
35. 13
15.23
13.63
c
1"
14.15
S.fi2
14.57
6.15
14
an
s An
lia
tea
r-s
e
Wfi>o..
o.c-2 :
o.i: :
4. S3
26.00
12.59
2.0»
12.50
4.57
*;.r
S
'C
5.62
2.05
STj
INS.
1 Last I
|2« Hours S
Thi« I
season. ,
I Last
! Season.
E
P
rek*.
1 B!
•ram<
r.to
...I 0.10
... Trace
O.OO
13.S2
35. 13
15.23
13.63
c
1"
14.15
S.fi2
14.57
6.15
14
an
s An
lia
tea
r-s
e
Wfi>o..
o.c-2 :
o.i: :
4. S3
26.00
12.59
2.0»
12.50
4.57
*;.r
S
'C
5.62
2.05
Articles— Ooen. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2— • - '
February 73 73V4 72*i C3
March 73*4 73% 73% . 73%
Mar.'. '5>i ' 75H 74T» 75ft
Corn No. 2— ' t r '"
February S6T4 S6Ti 36?i 36«
March : Zt\<» 87% 37H 37ii
May 39 . 33 " 3S"i MTi
Oats No. 2— /"
February .......... .... .... . ...". 24 B »
May I5Vi 25?i ' 25Vi K?4
Mess Pork, per bbl—
February 13 SO '
May .-....' .......14 03 14 07^ U 00 U 00
I*ard, per 100 lbs — ,
February 7 42«J > 7 45 ' 7 42H ¦ 7 45
March .......... • .... .... 7 45
May ...... ".: 7 62U 7 63 7 60 7 52U
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
February .............". .... .... 6 92U
May,:. .....7 O2V4 7 O7V4 7 02^ 7 05
STOCKS. I Bid.
I Asked.
Asked.
I !_
American Fuel & Qjl Co 28.
Buckhorn '. 2 00
California Standard 37
KI Dorado 2 15
Four 59
Hanford 113 CO
Hanford-Fresno-Kern River.... 23
Home 4 CO
Homestake —
Independence 1%
Kern 1100
Kern River IS SO
Uon Oil Co 12
I»s Angeles O & T Co 3 73
McKittrick Consolidated —
Monarch, of Arizona £3
Kear Flag —
Aetna • —
Continental —
Junction —
McKittrick , —
Queen Esther —
Jlcnte Cristo / 2 *•>
Occidental (of WestVa) TO
Petroleum Center 24
Reed Crude •-• >,--. Ri'
Pan Francisco & McKittrick... —
San Joaquln O & D Co 13 00
Shamrock .» —
Sterling: O & D Cr» —
Sunset Original —
Westlaka '.: 22
Wostehorc • , —
Tukon-.....:........ 52
Cal Oil & Gas.. 125
Central' Pt —
Peerless ;. —
Pittsburg : ••••• «
Superior ..." ; **
Wolverine • -• * «>
2S
2.73
3H
2 2->
60
no oo
33
4 35
10 50
19 '
12 M
13 CO
23/
12
81
46
38
1 Ofl
- -87'
37
SO
2 SO
71
25
SS
200
13 23
- SO
3 40
45
a
4 7.>
O
1 80
2 70
900
SO
30
163H
OCEAN TEAVEL,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leav» Broadway
ft|t "wharf, San Francisco:
Efehsw- For Alaskan Ports— 11 a, m .
It9*ii&^ Feb - 1P> 15 - :o - - y - M;i!rh -•
Jj tfi^^Jk, Charge to company's steamers
ll e^^^Skl For Victoria, Vanconver CB.
II^^MfSrai c >- Port Townser.d, Scattie!
([t^fKlffll Tacoma. Er-rett. Anacortes
an d TV JVhatcom CU'ash.>-
11 a. m.. Feb. 19. 13. 20. 23.
March I. and every fifth day thereafter.
Changa at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. K Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
ccma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Feb. 12.
IT. 22. 27. March 4, and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Lo» An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. :
[ loimer Santa Rcsa. Sundays, 3 a.m.
I For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
mcos. Port Haxford (San Luis Obispo). Gavl-
cta. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San
Fedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport— Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Bonita. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jos<> df>t
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guayma* (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to Chang*
steamers, sailing dates- and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-* Xew Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel>.
GOODALL. PERKINS &' CO . Gen. A**.*..
10 Market et.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & ft. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:p o Pt t 31. j^ostid
From Spear-street Wnarf at. 11 a. m.
CADC SI2 r'lrst Class including Berth
iftnE. $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails.. Feb.» 12. 23. Mar. 4
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Feb. 17. 27, Mar. 9
Short Line tn Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points in the North-west.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Asrent,
630 Market st.
TOYO KISEN. KAISBA.
STEAMERS*WH.l» LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callln* at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and.
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of. sailing. -
SS. NIPPON MARTJ
Tuesday. February 19, 1301
SS. AMERICA MARU.... Friday. March 15. 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. April 9. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply -at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
AMERICAN LINE.
HIV T0BK. 80UTHAMPT05. L05D05. PABIJL
Stopping at Cherbourg:, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis Feb. V I St. Louis March 11
New York Feb. Zt i New York t March "0
Vaderland ....March 6lVaderland ....March 27
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwarpb
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland Feb. 2ft Westernland ..March 13
Frlesland Feb. 27 Kensington "...March 2f»
Southwark ...March 6 Noordland March 27
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
/ CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Asent Pacific Coast.
30 Montgomery street.
oceanic :>.s.io. sasss
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ;
Monday. February 11. 13 noon
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. February 13. at 9 p. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday, February 23. 2 p. rn
1 0. SPRECKELS k BROS. CO., Eiiera! Agate, 327 Mjrtit St
Cea'l Passenger Offica. 643 Krfat St, Piar »a, 7. ht± St
PANAMA •R.'R.'BSS
To,NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin, S105; Steerage. f-lO.
S. S. Koanoke pails Tuesday, Feb. 19.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, March 5.
S. S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 10.
From wharf, foot of Fremont st.. at 3 p. ra.
Freight and passentrer offlc*. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coaat Agent.
PACIf IC STEAM NAVIGATION CO. AND
COMPANIA STTD AMERICANA DE 7AP03S3
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From section No.
1. Seawall. • Sailing:
S. S. GUATEMALA ....February 8. 1*H
S. S. PALENA February 20. 19ni
S. S. COLOMBIA.. March T. 1»U
S. S. TOCAPE1. March 20. 1901
. Thes« steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American pasaenger " service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO..«Agent».
COMPAGNIE GENEBALS TRAN3ATLANTI352.
DIRECT 1.1NE TO HA\"nE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thur?i«1ay. Instead of <g*y?fT>\
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. "J«6i*U*
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. $55 and upward. Second clasa to
Havre. 143 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New Tork. J.
F. FUGAZ1 & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVZB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
•Stea*-er ••Montlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at »:43
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 pi. m. <tx. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 3
p. m. Landln* and office. Mission-street Dock. ,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Mala 1503. *
AUCTION SALES
POSTPONED!
The mammoth auction sala of German Gov-
T ¦ • r, crnment's
400 Horses and Mares and 175 Mules
has been postponed, on account of weather ta
MONDAY, February II.
¦Watch this column for further particulars.
WM. G. LAYNO. Auctioneer.
Occidental IIor»9 Exchange.
721 Howard st.
. SPECIAL AUCTION SALlf
£* AT
COR. EISHTEENTH AND FLORIDA STS.,
To-Monnow.
SATURDAY. February 9. at 11 a. m.
By Order of XV. E. COLE.
We will sell 20 HEAD OF HORSES b«!r. r ? j-»
j to Denn!.«son Contracting Company, ran; -c >*
weight from 1200 to MOO pounds, from ? t» I
years old. These horses must be sold. ¦ • , Jt
limit or r*»erve, and can be seen any t re he-
lore male at the above Dlace.
SULLIVAN & POYLE. Auction »---'
Office 8T Sla • i t .Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA. Feb. 7.— C. M. Hays, president
of the Southern Pacific Railroad, stopped
off hi Omaha last night, his special car
being sidetracked while he conferred with
the officials of the Union Pacific Railway
at headquarters. President Hays is bound
for New York City, whither he was called,
it la said, by the new owners of the South
ern Pacific Railroad.
"While the full import of hl3 mission to
Omaha could not be ascertained, enough
information was pained to-day to make
certain that the Southern Pacific and
Union Pacific officials are Retting toge.ther
for the first time in ch«> history of these
roads; that traffic dealt which will revolu
tionize the traffic sheets between the great
lakes and the Pacific Coast are to be
formulated: that the Ogden gateway is to
be shut and sealed against all business
which It may be possible to route via the
Union Pacific and Kansas* Pacific from
Missouri River points; that new train
schedules are about to be put into effect
which will reduce the running time be
tween Chicago and San Francisco from
nix to eight hours; that close connections
will be nrade at Opden by atl through
trains, and th.it the arbitrary practice
long Vn vogue by the Southern Pacific peo
ple with reference- to receiving business
at Ogden will .soon be supplanted by a
concert of action which will greatly facil
itate business. 1 >
It is said here that the announcement
of the closing of the Og-den gateway will
be made In New York in a few days. It
will bottle up the Denver and Rio Grande
ac Salt Lake and raise to the importance
of a trunk line the old Denver and. Chey
enne "branch of the Union Pacific. This
order will also affect the west-bound busi
ness of the Missouri Pacific and Rock Isl
and roads.
_ ?
SOUTHERN PACIFIC EARNINGS.
for the Fiscal Year.
Material Gains Shown in the Report
NEW YORK. Feb. 7.— The Southern Pa
cific's full report for the year that ended
on June 30. 1900. is about to be issued.
The figures presented show material gain s
over those of the previous year. The ln
ccme account will show:
Gross receipts fSS.I2S.140. increase |l!\27«l.9:s.
Disbursements J6O.874.719. Increase I7.303.4S5.
Balance J7.253.420. increase J2.775.445.
Changes, betterments, equipments Central
Pacific divisions, etc.. J3.334.7S3; increase JSP4,-
382.
Surplus a?t« all charges J3,91S,«3<), incrensa
J2. 171.062.
The expenditures for improvements and
betterments, chargeable to capital ac
count, amounted to $10,934,846. These wer«
provided for from the sale of $323,000 new
stock. $3,908,000 new bonds. $3,174,700 re
ceived from the Central Pacific improve
ment fund and $3,523,137 paid out of the
earnings. .
MORE HONORS FOB HAYS.
May Be Made President of the Union
Pacific.
CHICAGO, Feb. 7.— President Charles T.I.
Hays of -the Southern Pacific system,
passed through Chicago to-day en route
to New York for a conference with the
Morgan-Harrlman interests. The Record,
to-morrow will say:
. "It is claimed that the Eastern trip of
Mr. Hays has reference to a plan which
will make him the common executive head
of the Union and Southern Pacific sys
tems. President Burt of the Union Pacific
beinp elevated to the chairmanship of the
board. In this way. It is argued, the
greatest efficiency of operation could be
secured, vast economies could be intro
duced and the advantages of the recent
deal could be develop<><i to the utmost.
The headquarters of both roads, It la ru-'
mored, will be in Omaha.
New Issue of Common Stock.
NEW YORK. Feb. Z— The Commercial
Advertiser says: "There Is Rood reason
for the belief that the Union Pacific Rail
road will finance the recent purchase of
the controlling interest in the Southern
Pacific by an Issue of new Union Pacific
common stock. The. plan is understood
to issue new stock at par. and the entire
proposed Issue has practically been un
derwritten."
Running' Time Between Chicago and
San Francisco 'Will Be Short
ened by Eight •
Hours.'
Prospective Changes in
Southern Pacific
OGDEN GATEWAY
WILL BE CLOSED
Inquest Over Collins' Body.
SANTA EARBARA. Feb. 7.-The in
quest over the remains of Pat Collins,
killed in a battle with the police here
last evening, .disclosed nothing of his
former history, except that he was an cx
convict. ' He was recognized by a local
ex-inmate of San Qucnlln. Not a scrap
of paper that would Give a' clew to hia
Jdcuiiu- a as found.
Al'GTSTA.. Me.. Feb. 7.— The resignation
of Ccngreseman ' Charles A- Boutelle as
Representative of the Fourth Maine Dis
trict in the National Congress was re
r-eived by Governor Hill to-day. The
resignation Is to lake effect on Febru
ary 2S.
Boutelle Resigns.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 7.— If reports be
true John P. O'Neill, Alderman from tha
Third. Ward and former County' SherhY.
will realize $40, 0Q0 through the death. In
San Francisco*, last niorth of Mrs. Inez
Oppenheimer, otherwise known ail
through the West as "Dixie Lee."
. Mrs., Oppenheimer was a woman with a
past. Jealousy drove her husband to two
attempts to commit suicide i»bout three
years j«o. The seconrl attempt was suc
cessful. Mrs. Oppenheimer spent no tlm?
in mourning.. She had two houses in Kan
sas City, one at 205 We=t T«lrd street, and
the other on Troost avenue, near Fif
teenth street. Durlnc her busy life Mrs."
Oppenheimer accumulated real estate and
personal property, which is estimated to
be wortfi anywhere from $100,000 to $150,000.
Her death is said to have been due to an
internal cancer.
• The news of-her demise was telegraphed
to" Karvsas City.- and Alderman O'Neill
went to the Pacific Coast about two
weeks ago. He is-sttli tnere. It is said
that Mrs. Oppenhein-.tr. left- a will in
which Alderman O'Nel'U was given" $40,X»
outright and made the sole executor, of
the remainder of the rttate. He -fs ex
pected to return soon., and, then the last
testament of tho. woman wlll.be filed In
the Probate Court. Mrs. Oppenheimor
lived in -Wichita. -Kans.. before coming' to
Kansas City,' and owned property there.
INHERITS THE WEALTH
OF MBS. OPPENQEIMER
Has • Physician and Matron "Arrested.
Dr. John C. Stiles, resident physician of
Mount Zion Hospital, and Misg: Bertha
Cohen, the matron, appeared before Judpre
CabanlsB yesterday on a: charge of but
tery. The complaining witness was Mrs.
Charlotte Levy, an old woman, who al
leged: that she- went to the hospital
Wednesday, as She was destitute/and the
defendants threw her out. -They testified
that Mrs. Levy was kindly told the hospi
tal was solely, forthn: sick, and that she
was informed where to go if she were
destitute. She abuseil them in a loud
voice and they ordered her out. /ITie J inline
dismissed the case. a^aMBfl&saffiaMHBsHH
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
MAKC8 (Win r?E OF DONATION. —The j
n<v. .1. A. H. VVHuon received through the i
rrail >fM'r<1ay V2 n from an anonymoug source. I
H«> 'i'rr.at'^i the monf-y to th» Woman's Co- !
< jxrative Horn* 1 .
LOTTERY VISITORS DISMISSED.— William i
Chap* and Chute* Jackson, who were arrested I
last Saturday fur vUliing: a Hfry Kame. had '
th^ir c*iw-s dismii'sr.l by .'¦.¦..¦<• Conlmn >•<•*-
l«r<iay. an thry. proved that they wer» there
<ti legitimate bUFtn«"*s.
CONFECTIONER FEUD1IAN BANKRUPT j
— H»my F'Mnan. a •¦¦mf^tionT «1olr.g liusi- !
r.ffF in Oakland. fil«»1 a ;wtlti<in in insolvency
y*-Ft^r<1as- in th» ruled Siatep I>istrlct Court. >
Mr owon <IM12 KS and announces artris of $2S33 #
including life insurance jwllci^s for ?2ioo. -
WIFK ASSAILANTS SENTENCE.- Heory
TVasninetrr!. « colored *aiW. who jil«>ad«vi
guilty to grabbing hi* wife with a knife t>e
•..<..- eh*> had obtaln<wl a divorce from him
vM!» h* vai nt f 1, «•»« p<*m»'r.oM by Judge
¦C/,rk vpFTerday tn-ttftc^n months in the County
JtH. - *
JAPANESE CONVICTED OK BRIBERY.—
H. B. Mori I, a Japanese, »as convicted yea
fr.-iay in the I'nluvJ BtmXm ,Dt*txk£ Court of
having uttemrtP'l tr > brib? Immigrant Inyp^ctor
Schell with $i". to R<--cure ttio landinr of a Jap
ai)" 1^ female tlave. He will -t>e sentenced on
Saturday. , - ; >
F0U)IER I\«ES nEVOLVER. — Sergeant
\Vf»ton ot the PrrFldio we* arrested last
ripht <>!) Montgomery avenue for discharging
Wfc revolver. H« claim* he fired In the air
in •••njer to halt a soldier who had escaped
from the Presidio some <Jay» apo. He. was
hrld on *in« bond*. . ¦
HEU) TO AKSWEIt FOR FMI'G^5LINf5.—
Aleot Th<-> me.*, wlm «ai' arreFt»»<j a few days
njro for srnuspllnR Jt<i c-i K ars from the trans
pert Wnrrf-n, anwarM yesteroay rnoniir.p be
fore t'rntf<J State* Court Commissioner Hea
<ock. and wa« hild to answer before the Fcd
cral Grand Jury.
r«IEP FROM CANTHATUDES POISOJT—
John Mark, who took a dose of cantharid'es
on last Sunday at tils rfnidrncp. 43 Gilbert
street. b*-caui"- r,t a riigaxreercent with hi*
wlff «iv«t U»e »»m of a oent«. <]ied yemf-rday
at the City and County Hospital. The body
was removed to the Morgue.
BOXED BT FAU,-A. n. Chcrer. .-, ,h!p
vrlrfci. reKidlns ct r.l't Ml^-ion nn*t. f«^l over
r banister «t hi» reslApnc-e laxt nijcht and
d'ed from the injuries received. He was
MRhUy intoxitated when he left the dininje
ructn to po to his bedroom, and it is thought
he PturabW-d when n<-ar the Ktaircaj>«'.
TOOK OVERDOSE <">F MOUI'mNE.— Joseph
?.!. Wiicpr. a native of New Vork. 63 year* of
i^te. «-a« brought from the Model lodcinj;
hcuw rin Mlcsicn street yesterday afternoon
t" the IfurlHrr llf*r>ital pufferinjj from an over
0eae «">f morphine. He die«l at the hoopital
about 11 p. m. It i« not known whether his
dfiith tva?; due to an accident or eulcidc •
FRA«TrRE8 TWO RIBS-Policman
Harry Hook, who putrols the. neighbor
hood around K.MJs and Mason streets,
fractured two ribs yesterday ¦ morninj?.
At tho time of the arcid^nt Officer Hnok
xva* running after two drunken soldiers
alonir Ellin Ftro^t and had reached Ma
fon Ktroet when he Flipped and fell an the
curbstone, injuring himself an stated.
Five Passengers Killed and
Many Injured in a
Train Wreck.
GRKENVILLE, Pa., Feb. 7.— Train No".
5, the New York-Chicago Limited on the
Krie Railroad, was wrecked this morning
within the town limits. Five passengers
were dead when taken from the wreck,
several are missing and there are many
badly injured.
The dead:
SERGEANT MAJOR HARRY A.
HART. U. S. A., Fort Wood. New York.
GEORGE \V. PATTERSON. Philadel
phia, private Company .1, Tenth United
Slates Infantry (carried card of lron
molders' Union.)
PETER J. CURRY, Coboco. N. Y., pri
vate Tenth Infantry, 21 years old.
• UNKNOWN MAN, aged 25.
UNKNOWN MAN. Only papers on per
son-'a postal card that had been sent to
the Adams Produce Company, Rushvillc,
lnd v and a ticket from New • York to that
point. His face was literally torn, into
shreds. • .
The seriously injured are: William D.
Moore, 32 Lennox road, Brooklyn, com
pound fracture of left leg and badly cut
about head: B. A. . Marnden, Philadel
phia, terribly crushed about body; J. L.
Smith, Canistee, badly bruised; Joseph
Kennedy, Brookfleld, Mass., private
Tenth Infantry, compound fracture left
leg, cut and bruised about head and
body; W. F. MacGinnitie. attorney, Port
land, Ind., face, cut; O. H.. Simon*.
Kent. Ohio, brakeman, compound frac
ture laft leg. right leg'badly bruised: C.
J.. Henry, Aleadvllle, baggageman, left le^
broken, injured about cjiest; Milton Stan
ley, Newton, N. J... leg fractured, cut
about face: Harry Welsburg, express
;messenger, Dayton, Ohio, crushed.
Hardly a passenger escaped without In
jury. The ill-fated train was composed
entirely of vestlbuled Pullmans, three
sleepers, a day. coach, -, combination
smoker and baggage and 'mall car, ani
was ' drawn by one of the New Atlantic
type of engines. It was in the smokin.r
compartment that death laid a ruthless
hand, for not . one' of tho sixteen occu
pants escaped death , or injury. A party
of- soldiers, nine in number, on their way
from Fort Porter N. Y., to Fort Crook,
Neb., in' charge of Sergeant Major Hart
of New York, occupied . a : part of the
smoker. Of the' number. three were killed
and two seriously - injured. They " were
under orders, for' the > Philippines- and
would have sailed in a short time. .
DEATH REAPS AN
AWFUL HARVEST
ROME, Feb. 7.— Signor Saracco tendered
the resignation of the Cabinet this morn
ing. King Victor Emmanuel will consult
with the- President of th,e Senate and
Chamber of Deputies and the various par
ty leaders to-day and to-morrow before
designating a new Premier. H? is con
fronted with a task of great difficulty,
owing to the chaotic conditions of the
Parliamentary parties. The majority,
which defeated the Government yester
day, consisted pf a transitory coalition of
the members of the. Right and Left, only
the Rudini group supporting the Govern
ment, the Socialists opposing the Cabinet
because they considered It not sufficiently
liberal, while the Rightists accused it of
lacking a coherent policy and yielding to
the Socialists. The fall of the Ministry
was thus due to diametrically opposed
reasons. Yesterday the coalition disap
peared immediately after the vote, the
parties being bitterly antagonistic as re
gards a general policy, so the first Par
liamentary crisis the new King has to
solve appears to be a perfect Gordian
knot. . •
After the announcement of the resigna
tion of the Cabinet in the Senate and in
the Chamber of Deputies- the Chamber
adjourned sine die.
The papers consider it probable that
Signor Villa or.Slgnor Saracco will be
chosen to form, the new Ministry. . .
King Victor Emmanuel
Mests With Very Seri
ous Situation.
ITALIAN CABINET
MEMBERS RESIGN
Horn Tick, a OhiB^P ronk. wa* shot and
fatji'liy wounded on Washington street,
near Washington alley, shortly after W
o'clock last evening. In his dying state-'
nrjpnt thr- injured Mongolian accuses a
fellow fount ryrastn named L«o Fook of
having committed the rrime. Th<* deed
was a hold oiip <m account of the early
hour and tho conspicuous place at which
it occurred. The marked man was sur
rouivlM by hip and in front of a
brilliantly lighted Ftore in which wem a
number of wnito nr=n the 5hot was fired
and the victim foil.
VVhen their bloody work had been ac
complished the highbinders scattered and
ttK* s^hoot*>r is to have rushed
ai-rnff tlio street and entered a four-story
]o<ipinc-hoti?e. This p'.are was searched
i'v xbf patrolmen ,nnd detectives, but on
a^f^'iint of the number of convenient
jilac^s for escape the object of their quest
could not be found.
As «ji]irk!y as possible Horn Tick was
rushed to the City Receiving Hospital.
The mrgeona found that the bullet had
entered tb»» bark, penetrating the liver
and pasting out just below the right nip
r.'p. I.u-.Ttn. th^ phy^ifMans say, will be
but a matter of a few hours.
Fatal Wounding of Horn Yick
in Mongolian Quarter and
Escape of Assassin.
HIGHBINDER SLAYS
A CHINESE COOK
TOPEKA, Kans., Feb. 7.— City Attorney
Grepg to-day dismissed the charge against
Mrs. Nation for smashing the Senate sa
loon on Tuesday. He threw all the re
!«ponsibility for prosecuting the crusader
on the State and said:
"The city has no ordinance covering the
destruction of personal property, but un
der the laws of Kansas the State can
prosecute Mrs. Nation if what s'he de
stroyed can be proved to be personal
property."
The City Counselor and an attorney
employed to prosecute Mrs. Nation in the
State, courts had. he continued; sustained
hie view that she could not be legally
prosecuted by the city, and he therefore
announced the dismissal of the case.
Mrs. Nation, who was sitting at a table
i,M front of the Police Judge"? dosk. cried
'Amen! Thank you, Mr. Gregg; I al
ways paid you had too good a face to be
on the side of sin."
Then, rising in her seat and turning
about so she could fare the women who
had crowded the courtroom. Mrs. Nailon
began to sing "Praise God from whom
all blessings flr>w." Her followers took
up the strain and the courtroom 'was tem
porarily turned into a praise-meeting.
Judge Magraw commanded that the dis
turbance cease, but Chief of Police Stahl.
who had openly favored Mrs. Nation's
work, interrupted with "Go ahead, ladios,
and ping all you want to." and they did,
breaking out with even greater vigor with
the words. "God be with you till we meet
again."
I'nable io continue business, court ad
journed and Judge Magraw left the build
ing. Mrs. Nation, the songs ended, took
<*hief Stahl to task for not destroying the
liquors seized by his men In raiding the
saloons, but soon went out. followed by
her husband. Later Mrs. Nation went to
the High School and by invitation ad
dressed the pupils. The senior class had
adopted resolutions commending her work
and Mrs. Nation was given a hearty wel
come hy the 'children. While she was
speaking Mrs. Nation was handed a pass
to the Senate chamber, sent to her by
Lieutenant Governor Richter.
Mrs. Nation addressed both houses of
the lvegislature this afternoon on the evils
of the saloon traffic. She presented herself
at the door of the House at 5:30, with the
request that sh«^ be allowed to speak. The
request was voted upon, and by a large
majority Mrs. Nation was allowed to
speak. Some few voted no.
"I heard those noes." said Mrs. Nation,
a» she walked upon the clerk's platform.
"I wonder why those people voted that
way. Have I ever offended you? Why do
you object to my talking? But, then,
don't I know that those noes come from
the liquor traffic?"
A storm of '.aughter swept over the
House, and it was several minutes before
Mrs. Nation could proceed.
"Hold up your hatchet." yelled some
one in the rear, but Mrs. Nation only
«miled.
"Thank God. the noes are in the minor
ity." continued Mrs. Nation. "I come to
you to-day, men. as a Woman, as a grand
mother. I come to tell you our sentiments.
I am glad of this opportunity to speak to
fathers, husband?, protectors of wives
who sit at their firesides— who know a
woman's heart and her interests. .
"Now. gentlemen." said Mrs. Nation in
an earnest tone, "you can remedy this
condition by knocking' out the clause in
the prohibitory law which gives the Coun
ty Attorney the right to summon wit
nesses but which refuses him the right
to compel them to testify. You would do
so if common murderers were running
loose; why not do it in this case?
"Now, men,", she said, ."I am pleading
with you. I have been forced to do this
smashing business. 1 am going to tell the
truth— you have not been doing your duty.
A good, solid vote is the best thing in the*
world with which to smash the saloons.
You refused me the vote and I had to use
a rock.
"The saloon man Is a malicious pauper.
He thrives off the life-blood of the men
of this nation. 'Whisky makes perjurem.
I would not believe a Jointkeeper on oath,
even if it was only' about a dog fight." •
Mrs. Nation addressed the Senate along
the same lines. •
Topeka's Counsel Declares
That the City Cannot
Prosecute-
Accident to Captain Schell.
Captain H. H. ScheH. Chief Immigrant
Inspector at this port, slipped while run
ning to catch a car on Powell street, yes
terday morning, and tell heavily to the
pavement. His left shoulder was dislo
cated, and he was severely bruised in
other parts of the bodv. He will be con
fined to his room for about ten days.
GIVES FREEDOM
TO MRS. NATION
TRAIN IS DERAILED
AT LABKSPUB STATION
Smoking Car Turns Over and Its Oc
cupants Are Badly Cut and
Bruised.
SAX RAFAEL* Feb.- 7.— The smoking
car of the 12:30 narrow-gauge train from
this city was derailed and capsized about
fifty yards north of Larkspur Station to
day. No lives were lost, though many
passengers were cut and bruised In the
turnover. The train left here on time in
charge of Conductor A. Murry and Engi
neer J. Drlscoll. When a short way
from Larkspur the train slowed down to
stop at the station. In crossing a wagon
road between two culverts the smoking
car, which was attached to the engine,
jumped the track. The derailed car was
dragged along the ties about thirty yards
when It pitched over on Its side. In this
position it was dragged a short distance
through the cut before the engine could
be stopped. When the train was brought
to a standstill the train crew and passen
gers of the other coaches -hurried to give
assistance to the people In the overturned
car. At first it was thought that many
had been seriously injured. As they be
gan to climb through the doors and
broken windows, each bearing his little
cut or bruise, the excitement fabated.
Among those who were, injured are: A.
Cajal, cut on head: George M. Dodge, ex-
County Surveyor, cut on nose and hands:
I>. Garzoll, Bolinas, injured in the leg:
Fredrick Mehl. San Rafael, cut on head;
Louis Smith, San Rafael, sprained knee;
Hong You. lacerated hand and Injured
leg. James Roberts was thrown from his
seat and believes that his back is serious
ly injured. There were about a dozen
Chinamen in the car and all were cut and
bruised. . \
The passengers who were In the other
coaches were* considerably shaken up and
frightened. They were: Mrs. .M. E. Coit.
Mrs. Fitzroy. Mrs. W. Magee, Mrs. N. S.
Ross, Clinton Jones, the well-known
broker of San Francisco, and Attorney T.
J. Butts of Santa Rosa.
The cause of the accident is unknown.
The train was slowing up for the station
at the time. The engine and the two
other coaches did not leave the track. It
was a peculiar accident and the railroad
people cannot account for it. The wrecked
car. had just come from the machine
shops, where it had been thoroughly over
hauled. Several hours after the accident
the track was cleared and travel resumed.
Shipments From Woodland.
WOODLAND. Feb. 7.— The fruit ship
ments, in carload lots, from Woodland
during 190) were as follows: Green 101.
dried 82, or about 4,070.000 pounds.. This
does not Include local shipments or ship
ments' in less, than carload lots, which may
be estimated at about half a? much more.
The hay shipments, 164 carloads, exceeded
the wheat and barley shipments by one
carload. Other shipments were, stock 143
carloads and wine 61 carloads.
Neither Carpentier or his grantees can now be heard to complain
that there was no dedication of the land at the foot of said streets
to the navigable waters of the bay.
proprietary and speculative .and not subject to any easement in fa
vor of t the "Inhabitants of the State" or the "citizens of the United
States for the purposes of navigation and commerce and ¦ fishery;
and that the lands between high and low tide lines are not covered
by navigable water*, our task is "not a hard one. and. numerous de- •
ci.«lons light our way to a correct solution of the problems before us.
Upon the question of the compromise Judge Ogden says:
The Supreme Court having construed the compromise of 186S or
the ratification of lS6t *is twin* effective. It only remains for th4s
court to Rive effect to them.
While 1 am aware that the learned Chief Justice has used the
words "wholly void," "was a gross and evident excess of power" an<}
"absolutely void" in reference to the conveyance of May 17, 1852. and
the various confirmatory ordinances prior to lx«<j,- yet I am compelled
to believe that these words were not u»fd in their strict sense.
An estate which Is void in law cannot be confirmed.
20 Cat. 97. Zottmin vs, San Francisco.
24 Cal. 5S6, Branham vs. Mayor of Pan Jose. 4
32 Cal. 60'i. Barr vs. Sehroeder.
This is another reason why it must be held that the ratification
was retroactive.
In 1SC4 the charter of the city provided that all sales and leases
of property belonging to the city should be by public auction. (St&t.
1834, p. 187. Sec. 13.) Similar provisions have always been held man
datory.
Surely. If the title to the property . In ouestlon had not passed
from the city prior thereto (that is to say provisionally upon the rati
fication of the Legislature) any new conveyance thereafter must be
under and in accordance with the terms of the charter or be held
void.
Summing up Judge Ogden says:
It follows from the vlcwn 1 ere expressed that It Is unimportant
whether the grant to Oarpemier was made good in lSfilor 1S6S. In
either case the ratification made eood the ortgirral conveyance, and
only such streets as may have been dedicated at the time of said
Krant became impoHed us a charge upon the land.
Between the passage of. the act incorporating: the town (May 4,
1S52, and May 17. IV>2, the date of the passage of the ordinance abdi
cating to Carpentier all the • water front, the city declared or dedi
cated no. street through the land in ttuestlon. nor was there any plaf
or map of said city showing streets to the southern or western bound
ary line or the line of low tid«> in the estuary, but by the ordinance/
granting to Carpentier the land In o.ueFtlon the policy of the town
wns shown to be. that there should b<? three streets open to deep water
nr the line or low tide, to wit: Main street, F or G street and D or
K street, and it was ".herein provided that said CarDtntler should
build wharves at the foot thereof. It -Is true that the consideration
for the promise of Carpentier to build said ' wharves was
afterward by our Supreme .Court declared to be held void.
(13 Cal. 540,. Oakland vs. Carpentier.) Yet. the ordinances
of. the city and. communications of Caroentier in evi
dence in this ease show that he- did build the. wharf at the foot of
Main street (now Broadway), and It was accepted by the city (ordi
nance January 1, 1853); that he did build the wharf at the foot of G
street and the same was aDDroved (ordinance Aug. 2. 1853); and that
the city agreed that the wharf proposed for the foot of D or E
streets might be built at the foot of Castro or Grove streets. .
It is in evidence that the owners of the land at the foot of
Broadway are not before this court, and their rights can not be
affected by this decree, b'ut as to O street and the street accepted by
the city irf lieu of D or E streets it will be adjudeed that the city
has an easement thereon to the navicable waters of the bay— the
estuary of San Antonio.
The formal appeal to the Supreme Court will be made by the
city. That court will then be called rpon t/> say whether Judge
Ogden's view of the case as to the effect of the Merritt com
promise is upon the lines laid down in the original decision. If
Judge Ogileii be sustained the watpr front company owns these
patches of land. If the Supreme. Court shall hold that the title
to the water front lands $\(l not vpst until 1868. the city has
title and can open all the. streets that were dedicated in 185b
through to ship channel without condemnation and purchase.
The Transcontinental Passenger Asso
ciation will meet in Chicago next Tues
day and the session promises to be a live
ly one. One of tho first subjects taken up
will be an attempt to arrange matters so
that there will be no. possibility of a rate
war developing when the Epworth
LoaguerB start for this city, where they
will hold their annual convention in July.
Some such action seems absolutely
necessary in view of present alleged con
ditions. The agreement of the officers of
the Western roads that no free transpor
tation should be Riven to influence pas
senger traffic stands .in danger, of b*lng
smashed to pieces, owing to the keen com
petition for the Epworth League business.
The Union Pacific is said to have started
the trouble by offering free transporta
tion to officers of the Epworth League
who will wield their influence to secure
business for that road." To meet this com
petition other lines are offering one. free
ticket to any one who secures ten passen
gers. This would enable a party securing
several hundred passengers to get enough
free tickets to start a ticket office of his
own for the sale of these tickets and reap
a rich harvest, it is claimed that there
is little difference between giving away
free tickets and paying commissions, and
if the practice is not stopped the anti
commission agreement is certain to suffer.
George T. Nicholson, passenger traffic
manager of the Santa Fe Railroad, has
devised -a new plan to prevent the man
ipulation of inter-line tickets. His scheme
will be discussed at the next meeting of
the American Association of General Pas
senger Agents that takes place next
Thursday in Chicago. Mr. Nlcnoison pro
poses to place opposite each railroad sta
tion appearing in the official guide a num
ber which shall apply to the station for
all time to come. The custom of print
ing the destination on tickets is to be
abolished. The names up to the gate
ways only are to be printed. Then the
official number of the station of destina
tion is to be punched in the tickets with
a perforating stamp*.
Those precautions, with the use of safe
ty paper only, for tickets, which paper
can be obtained only from the official
printer, will it is claimed, absolutely pre
vent the manipulation of the tickets.
The severe rains of the past week- have
resulted in several washouts on the lines
of the Southern Pacific and the Santa Fe.
•Manager FUlmore of the Southern Pacific
said yesterday that all trains were de
layed several hours, and that -the .wash
outs were so bad on the Santa Fe road be
tween Stockton, and Bakersfleld' that the
Southern Pacific had to haul all- trains
between these points for both companies.
President Hays of the Southern Pacific
will return to thin - city ; before he "starts
Kast to make'his report. tothe Harriman
syndicate. Hays, accompanied by General
Manager Kruttschnitt and Engineer Wal
lace, have left Ogden and are now on their
way to Portland over the Oregon , Short
Line.
Officers Are Tempted With
Free Tickets to Secure .
Patronage.
OAKLAND. Feb. 7.— The second trial of the water front
case has resulted in a decision by Superior Judge Og
den which virtually .calls upon the Supreme Court to
again define Its views upon the litigation. Judge Og
den's opinion, filed to-day, takes the ground that the
famous Merritt compromise of 1S68, upon which the Supreme
Court based the validity of. the water front company's title
to certain of the water front lands, is retroactive, and ope
rates to make good that title back as far as 1852. The effect
of the decision, if Judge Ogden's view of the Supreme Court
judgment be sustained. Is to give the "Water Front Company,
title to the various pieces of land through which streets were
opened by the Town Trustees In 1855. ' ,
The decisio/i leaves but a definite line upon two streets;
namely, !D or Grove street .and G or Market street. ! These.
it is possible, were made open and dedicated thoroughfares )n
1S52, and are therefore now public streets. Judge Ogden pays',
with relation to Broadway, that the owners at the foot of that
street cannot be affected by a decree of his court, as they are
not before it. It is< shown, however, that Broadway was in
cluded in the same category as that of the streets he specific
ally cites.- The Broadway title is now in litigation in the United
States Circuit Court.
His Honor reasons that the retroactive effect of the Merritt
compromise is such as to put into question, the proposition
whether the city owned the land that In 1S53 it declared to be
streets all along the south and west shores of the water
front. "When the Town Trustees that year opened these
streets they did it upon the theory that the town owned the
property, namely, as far out as the low-tide line.
In his decision to-day Judpe Ogden in the following language
passes en to the Supreme Court the question whether the city
did own it. or whether it was in private ownership by Carpen
tier and others:
The finding, thrrefbre. will be that all of the streets declared
opened to the line of lew tide on the south and west sides of the
city prior to 1S6S Constituted and became public Btreets; provided at
the time of the passage of such ordinance the land was the property
of the city.
"William R. Davis, chief counsel :n the water front suits for
the city, points out that the whole question is whether the city
has title or whether the Water Front Company has title to these
small sections, of land at the foot of the streets between the
mainland,' where they now terminate, and the line of low tide;
Under no circumstances, he says, can the city be prevented
from extending those streets across this land, lying beyond the
Peralta grant line, even if the courts shall finally decide that
it belongs to the Water Front Company. The city at any time
can acquire this land by purchase or by condemnation when
there shall be a demand for the extension of the streets, even
by piers to ship channel.
"The present opinion," Mr. Davis says, "interprets the re
cent decision of the Supreme Court as to the Merritt compro
mise to mean that the early conveyances of the water, front to
Carpentier were made operative in 1S52. their own date, and not
in 186S, when the final compromise of all the deeds, grants and
previous adjustments were made. Therefore inasmuch as nearly
all of the streets were dedicated in 1835, thirteen years before
the compromise of 1S68. the city's title was not good to the prop
erty through which it opened streets by the dedication. But
Broadway, D or E and F or G were dedicated by the grant of
1852."
At the outset Judpe Osden in his decision reviews the Su
preme Court opinion as to the effect upon the large area of
lands contended for by the Water Front Company. Then he
says:
Subsequent to the 17 1 ii day of Mar, 1S32, and before the 2d day of
April, 1S6S, the city of Oakland declared a large, number of streets
of the city open and public afreets; some of them to the line of hlfth
tide, others to the line cf low tide and others again to the southern
boundary of the city, which would bring them to »he line ot low
tide on the Alameda shore.
The question now presented to this court upon the retrial of said
cause Is: Which streets have been by the city of Oakland dedicated
to public use and are imposed as a charge upop the land in question?
In determining this question It becomes important to determine the
effect of the decision of the Supreme Court.
Is the tract In question when covered by the tides subject to the
easement in favor of the public for the purposes of navigation and
fishery?
In Knsland the ebb and flow of the tide constituted the leg"\l test
of the navigability of waters and "tide waters" and "navigable
water?" were Fjniinymni's terms.
I am constrained to bcliev-p. however, that the Supreme Court in
t»ndM to hold in its opinion nied hpreln that at least after th* title
from the city vested in the grantee. Carpentier, it was not nubjpct to
any fucIi easement in favor of the city or the inhabitants of the
State, and that said lards were not a part of the estuary.
This I.-inctiMKe If used:
"Th» conclusion. I think, necessarily follows that from and after
the 2d day of April. lSf,8. the city of Oakland ceased to be owner, as
trustee or otherwise, of any portion of her water front except those
portions secured to her by the compromise of that date, and such
streets, thoroughfares and other parcels as may have been previously
dedicated to public use. As to all such places the transfer to the
¦\Vater Front Company mid its assigns was subject to the public ease
ment, and the city as trustee for the public is no doubt entitled to
a decree In this action df fining her right- of control over the lands
fo dedicated. V
If the construction to be placed upon the set of the legislature
declaring: the estuary of San Antonio navlKable (Statute W52, p. 182),
(Political Code. S»ci>. 23««-2349) v.-as effective to make that stream nav
igable within the linen cf ordinary high tide, all of it had been
dedicated to public u«e, and thereby a grant of any part of ihe
lands under these waters would subject them to such easement.
But- the Supreme Court announced no such rule and undoubtedly
proceeded upon the theory that the shore line (that Is to say. the
line between low find hiRh tide) when sold by the Sta«e became pro
prietary or speculative lands and not land covered by navigable
waters.
If navipable waters ronstst only of that portion' of the sea below
the line of low tide (and the lanRiiage "of the learned Chief Justice
and Justices McFarland and Garoutle so convinces me) then the. land
above that line, like any other property, is by this decision made sub
ject to sale and transfer. A -transfer by the city, while vesting
title in its jcrantee. still leaves in Its hands the political power to
condemn such portions thereof as may be necessary for the use of
streets.
Taklnp. then, as our premise that the lands in question - were
EPWORTH LEAGUE
MAY CAUSE WAR
Decision in Water Front Suit Virtually Oails Upon the Supreme
Court to Again Define Its Views, and the Matter Now
Rests on the Question as to Period When Title Vested
CHIHUAHUA, Hex., Feb. T.-^'ord has
just reached here of one of the most ter
rible ¦ mining- disasters that ever occurred
In Mexico. An explosion in the San An
dres mine, situated in a remote locality of
the Sierra Madres, in the western part of
the State of Durango, caused the-death of
eighty-seven men, women and children
and injured many others. The catas
trophe was due to the explosion of several
hundred cases of dynamite, which was
stored In an underground chamber of the
mine. Electric wires, connecting with the'
hoisting machinery, passed through the
room in which this dynamite was stored,
and it is supposed that these wires be
came crossed, thereby causing a tire
which set oft the dynamite.
All of the killed and Injured were qn
the surface, most of them occupying res
idences immediately over the underground
workings of the mine.- The explosion tore
away the whole top of the mountain on
which the village of miners was located,
and men, women and children were blown
to pieces. Among-, those who were killed
was Herman Luetzraan. the superinten
dent of the mine, and all the members of
his family.
At the time of the explosion there were
several hundred miners at work in the
lower workings of the mine, and. strange
to say, none of them was seriously in
jured, although they .were all seriously
shocked by the force of the explosion.
They rushed to the surface through one
of the shafts that was not filled with
de.bris and the sight that met their eyes
in the almost complete destruction of the
village Js indescribable. The work of
gathering up the fragments of the victims
was begun and they were placed together
and buried in one grave. Summons
was sent to neighboring camps for sur
geons to attend the injured, and it was
some time before this aid arrived.
The' ban Andres mine Is the most cele
brated silver mine in Mexico.- It is valued
at $20,000,000. It has produced many mil
lions of dollars' worth of ore.
Dynamite Accidentally Touched Off
in an Underground Store
Rends the Top of a
Mountain.
Eighty-Seven Men, Women
and Children Blown to
MINE EXPLOSION
WRECKS A TOWN
Returned Volunteer^ Greeted
at Presidio With Mili
tary Honors.
«*
Comfortable Quarters in Model Camp
Assigned to Hen of Thirty-
Seventh Infantry Kegi
ment.
— r»
| The long voyage of :h'e men of the Thir
i ty-seventh Volunteer Infantry ended yes
terday morning when they were landed
from the steamers McDowell and Resolute
at the Presidio wharf.
Headed by the Thirtv-sevcnth regimen
tal band, they were mru'ehed up the dock,
at the head of which 'they were met by
the Third Artillery band and the entire
garrison force, under command of Colo
; nel Rawles, which escorted the returning'
regiment to its quarters in Model Camp.
Along the iir.e of march stood ljundreda of
civilians, giving a hearty welcome to the
heroes from Manila. When near the camp
prepared for the volunteers, the men un
der Colonel Rawles were halted, allowing
the Thirty-seventh to jiass on. It was ;i
pretty sight, the men of the. post standing
trim and erect, with arms at present,
while the veterans of the two years 1 skir
mishing in the islands marched to their
tents.
In the tents stoves, coal and wood ha'l
been placed in abundance, and it required
but very few moments for the soldiers to
start a cheery blaze, ueposit their blan
kets and fall into comfortable positions
and prepare to receive the visitors throng
insr the camp.
The recruits who nave * not yet seen
service in the Philipvines were not be
hindhand in welcoming the volunteers.
The Provisional battalions were at drill
when the men passed the parade ground,
and they promptly stood at attention, at
the command of their officers, and pre
sented arms'as the heroes filed past.
M. Cheatha-m, a brother of Colonel
Cheatham of the Thirty-seventh, is here
from Tenessee. and promise? a hearty re
ception to the boys from that State in the
regiment upon their rettirn home. He 13
making every effort to have the men re
turn in a body after receiving their dis
charges. Colonel Jocelyn, who will have
control of the mustering: out details, has
; secured quarters in tiie Phelan biuldingr.
where a force of clerks will start in im
mediately preparing rolls, and attending
to preliminary matters. It will require
i fully two weeks to ret the necessary pa
pers in proper shape. In the meantime
the men will remain in camo. where every
I liberty within reason will be given them.
HEARTY WELCOME
GIVEN HEROES
John Shea, deputy poundkeepcr, who
was charged with battery upon Mrs. Eliz-
Mb*>th Green, 414 Clement street. Wednes
day rooming. January 30, was tried before
Judge Fritz yesterday, and after hearing
the evidence the Judge convicted the de
fondant aid ordered him to appear for
sentence this morning. Mrs. Green was
averse to prosecuting the case, as Shea
had bef n suspended by the poundmaster,
but his attorney insisted upon a trial,
claiming that h<> was innocent.
The Jir.-^t -wit •!*¦-«». examined was E. F\
Green, husband of the complaining wit
ness, v ho testified to his wife's arm and
wrist being- distolored aJid swollen after
the encounter with the defendant. Mrs.
Green thf-n to!d the story of how Shea
had thrown the net over her dog in th*
1' t adjoining her bouse after she had
reached the animal and her struggle with
him. He twisted her wrist so hard to
compel her t<> :ct go her hold of the dog
that *he almost fainted with pain. He
5>uile<i the dog violently away from her.
Another man came to the defendant's as-
Pi.^tance ar.d seized her by the arm so
roughly that the black marks of his fin
; ra were visible on her arms for several
days.
Mrs. H. O. Witt. Miss Lulu Guthrie and
Miss Alice M. Guthrie. neighbors of Mrs.
Green, testified to stp;ns- the struegle in
the lot between hfr and the defendant.
Secretary Holbrook .«f the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals testi
fied as to the condition of the lot. which
was fenced in. and when cross-examined
a? to the defendant's reputation he re
plied that it was bad.
This closfKl the case for the prosecu
tion, and Shea took the stand. He testi
fied that he had caught the dog in the
n<t before Mr?. Green attempted to take
it from him. He denied that he seized
her by the wrist and tw-!s<«-0 U. He sim
ply pusbed her aside, ho Bald. Stevens,
the driver, came up and pr.ibbed her by
the arm. teUing her that the easiest way
vu to drop the dop- Some women foupht
harder than Mrs. Gre«n to save the'r dogs.
He said he always seized a dog by the
«>ars so that it oould not bite him. He
admitted in cross-examination that he
had no right to go into a closed lot.
O. H. Stevens', the driver, denied that
her t-oiz^d Mrs. Oretn by th«» arm. James
Hu^he*. another deputy, testified that ho
saw Shoa with the net over the dog and
Mr?. Gr^en approaching him. He was
on his way to the wapon with another
This elr>5P<1 the case, and thf> Judge con
victed the defendant and ordered him to
n;>I><\-ir fcr sentence this morning.
Jlrs. Elizabeth Green, Who Is the
Prosecuting- "Witness, and Oth
ers Testify Before Judge
Fritz.
Will Have to Suffer for His
Brutal Assault Upon
a Woman.
POUNDMAN SHEA
FOUND GUILTY
JUDGE OGDEN DECLARES MERRITT
COMPROMISE TO BE RETROACTIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 19O1.
SUPERIOR JUDGE? OGDEN OF OAKLAND. WHO YES
TERDAY RENDERED A DECISION IN THE FAM
OUS WATER FRONT SUIT.
Tennis Courts in Park.
At a meeting of the Park Commissioners
last night Commissioner Lloyd suggested
that the old' music grounds be converted
into tennis courts. The Idea met with the
favor of the rest of the Commissioners
and Martin and Lloyd were appointed a
committee to Inquire Into the matter.
The exhibits loautd from the Park
Museum were returned In such poor shape
that- the Commissioners decided to pre
sent a bill of $200 asralnst the Paris Com
missioners for repairs.
9
THE KIND Or A WIFE I WOULD CHOOSE
CTaO \4 V CAM Q y Central O. O. Howard. Rev. T Spurgeort.
rOK MY SUN. Plf^^ iriS c^.V 4°"S5 d $ ooK - R«- J°*«^^
• ••90 A li"!-/ 1 "!- 66963
••• I B_/% a °f •
S SAN FRANCISCO'S TWENTIETH CEN- |
J TURY WITCH. . J
I ST. VALENTINE'S DAY. §
• ARE VEILS INJURIOUS TO THE EYE- §
g SIGHT? •
¦ ®' ; '" " - ' •
I PZCK'S BAD BOY AND GROCERYMXN |
• CELEBRATE VALENTINE DAY. •
I A DAY WITH THE LIFE-SAVERS. |
• HOW TO COSTUME FOR A MAS- 2
• ; QUERADE BALL. 5
• •
© . . . ...... _ ©
©So f> k ii ©I©
•GO i All ©»»
THE KIND OF A HUSBAND I WOULD CHOOSE
FOR Ml DAUGHTER. By Marlon Hartaod. Harriet Spofford.
i« arlstta Holley, Margaret E Songster and Countsss Schlmmelroanfj.THE SAjST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1901.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUErNESS OFFICE of The Ean Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
ERANCII OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. tn.
500 Hayes etreet; open until 9:39 p. m.
C3I McAllister ttreet; open until 9:M p. m.
Ci5 Lerkln etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
IS41 illusion etreet: open until 10 p. m.
_=ei Market etreet. corner Sixteenth.; open
CTltll S p. m.
K* Eleventh etreet; open until » p. m.
JP96 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m^
MEETIXG AOTICES. _J
CALIFORNIA Cornmandery No. 1. K. ¦*._
T.. S Pc«t *t-— Rf*c-alar assembly THIS BJ"
• FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:20 o'clock, fj
Order of the Temple. All fraters Igf
oourte<5U5iy Invited. By order of tha »
Commander. HIRAM T. GRAVES. Rec.
OCCIDENTAL I-x'.ge No. 22. F. and A. ¦ |
M.-THXS CFK1DAY) EVENING, at !£\^
7:33 o'clock. First Degree. By order jLJK \
of tie \V. M. /\ry
WALTER G. ANDERSON'. Sec.
APOLLO Lortr/e- No. 123. I. O. O. <£dK£»>
F. — THIRD DEGREE TIlIScC^ggjK-:
FRIDAY NIGHT, at b o'clock. -?S?**55? !
Merr.o"-s and visitors cordially O//«<^-
Invltea. CHAS. n. PERRT, Jf. O.
W. F. TCORCROSS. Rec. Sec;
OFFICERS and members of il
California Hsrbcr No. 15, S^^__»^_-
>. n:«r:can Affirmation of 5/ 1 5 L^*["CTS»»
Mo.-'ers ari I-.!ctr. are In- ESLat-**-*^^
vited to attend a lecture-by JflB^^^
O-pttta J. VON SCHOEN *
on "Ma-netiem and the Deviation ef the
Corrpajss" at their hall. Ferry building. THIS
DAY tFTVI>-*-Y). Feb. 8. at 8 p. m. By
orter of tie Captain. R. N. PIPPET. Sec.
BAN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS, JC
O. T. M. -Review THIS (FRIDAY) _S»
EVENING at 8 o'lock, P:oneer fevS
Jisll, 24 Fourth St.
II. H. CASTLE Record Keeper.
NOTICE of stockholders' meeting— A special
meeting of the stockholders of the Honolulu
6ug-r Company Is called for and will be
held at the office of the company. No. 327
Market et.. Ean Francisco. Cal.. on MOX-
DAT. February 18, yd, at ll:S0 o'clock a.
tn.. for the purpose of considering a propo-
sition to dissolve the corporation and to con-
eider euch other business as may come be-
Joro the meeting. Uy order cr the President.
E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary Honolulu Sugar Company.
Dated Eaa Francisco. February 2. 1*01.
THE annual meetlnr ot the stockholders of
the Elerra. Railway Company of California
will be held at the office cf the company,
cumber 2_J Crocker building. City and County
«f San Francisco. State of California, on
ilONDAT. the 11th day of February. 1S0L at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. ra., for the purpo»»
cf electing -lrectors for the ensuine year and
the transaction cf such other business as may
ccme befcre said meeting.
S. M. RICKET. Secretary.
Date* January £«. 1901.
AGEXTS WASTED.
TTAXTT-D— First-class aeents to has-la first-
class ell and water color pictures. 672 Eigh-
teenth et., Oakland.
GOOD agents to fell our Tyrolean harps; big
money. 1C23 Market «t., bet. 11th and 12th.
AGENTS— Big money: xrrlte quick; county
right free. AMBROSE. 15_3 Market ft.. S. F.
AGENT, large lncoms. as representative of
local manufacturer. Write to box 1C16. Call.
ASrilALTUai KOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re- j
paired: iKi^te.1. 11S6 Ml««lon; tel. Folsom 1607.
- I
ATTOnXEYS AT LAW. \
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private; I
ro fe« without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE. Rtty at law, S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK YV\ SMITH, mining and probate law a !
rpei-ialty. Mills bl^.. r. 3. 4th flr. ; tel. Red 3616.
ADVICE free; no charce unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market st.. orp. Mason.
L. f. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bl<Jp.. S27 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN*.
WANTED— A b-iy to board; good home. 91
South I'ark.
LADY with own home would like 1 cr 2 Email
chiHren to board: cood care. 321$ JCth st.
BCSIXI-SS CHANCES.
A— J700; half interest In one of the best saloons
on water front; party must be honest and
*rood business man. Call R. G. WILKE, 26!» -j
Kearr.y tt. ;
A GENERAL merchandise store; about 30 miles
from S. F. ; estab. many years and doing a !
first-class paying business; price $4000 : a very !
rare chance and fullest Investigation solicited, i
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C'i Kearny St. !
A— to;o: DAIRT produce and delicacy stand: In
leading market cf city; rent 515; good paying;
partners cant agree. XL G. WILKE. 26H |
K«-arn>- et. j
A— to-; SALOON, with mercantile lunch; also
living rooms; among the wholesale houses;
low rert; good business. Call R. G. WILKE.
2fi>* Keamj* et.
A— Z2~IO; SALOON, few doors south of Market
rt. ; place kept by owner 12 -years and Is do-
ing a good business; sickness only cause of
*ale: net rent J... Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26^
Keaxrj- et.
A-*7:a: SALOON; rent J30; place doing a buel-
ness cf $700 per month: patronized by Bailors
and soldiers: about $300 cleared in 10 days.
Call R. O. WILKE. .6% Kearny st.
A— *:000; TEA. coffee and crockery store, on
Etockton st.; rent HZ; living rooms; fixtures
*r.d stock will Invoice the price; owner en-
gared otherwise. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearry Et.
A— JSOO; CORNER butcher Ehop. In northern
part cf city; rent $20: horee, cart: selling 4
cattle and about 15 Fheep per week; a cash i
custom. Cull R. G. WILKE. X*6 Kearny st.
A— tl200: RESTAURANT Ind coffee -aloon
close to Union Iron Works; rent $60; 4 years'
lea»e; a Crst-cJ ass paying business; owner
must le*v« for N. T. to settle estate: inves-
tigate and xr.&ke offer. R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearsy et.
PARTNER wanted In a large, old-established
prcfitible business, controlling a good, 6afe.
eolld and reliable trade; owing to retirement
cf former manager owner has decided to sell
aji Interest to an tLCceptable party: duties
•will be th« keeping or accounts and assist-
ing generally In the. management of the busi-
ness; one accustomed to horse* preferred'
capital r-<:uired 55000 to $10,000; full value In
•Ight: bocks and business open ror Investiga-
tion. J. W. Donnelly & Co., 632 Market st.
A partnership; profitable business; cash capital
required $iiO: bal. can be paid from profits
Particulars DONNELLY CO.. Ca Market.
A SMALL hotel, 3 months' free, trial Jir.00
Cigar store, excellent 200
Bestaxirar.ta. can-ly stores, delicatessens,
branch bikerif-, little stores, big etores all
prices. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r 1 & 2.
TO buy or sell, cigar stores, bakeries, restau-
rar.to, ealoons. butcher chops or business of
rmy kind e*» E.rrka Real Estate Co., 28 Cth.
M-'*— CORNER prncery and bar ot cost price.
Mclaughlin- & co.. ttth Market -t.
J350-PARTNERSHIP; can make JIM a month-
ple.sa.nt occupation. Cal. Assn. S65 MkL
GOOD paying, old-eetafclished lumber business:
Jncludicr sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock. Conkcy engine, horse teams, etc
H. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Call.
FOR SALE— Buildings and lease, 345 McAllis-
ter 6t_; first-class location for wa«on ehop-
i»~ used for carriage and waroa recair
chop. Inquire S4S McAllister st.
FOR eale— A half interest In an established,
paying- drayage business. Fior full particu-
lars address Box 1JC3, Call office. ¦ ¦ -
TOBACCO and cigar etore. with living rooms-
established; price HOP. Box 1SC0. Call of flee!
°£T£ I H E . rout *,? n tblt *>*?** tor ¦-!•• Apply
Call Bu-ixtesi Office. VJ
AA — MOO; GRAND opportunity for lady or cent-
location perfect: cigars, periodical*, notions'
Waiting-room. 22d ave. station, E. Oakland.
J17;o-CORNKR day saloon; rood location;
rood reason for eelUnc: no agents. Box 17S7
Call office. *
PROF -JOHN TILTON-RheumatlRn, spralni
and bruises cured; \% yean experience Par-
ro:t bldg.. fir., rms. <75-47S: 10-12 m. 1-3 p.
FOR eale— Millinery ' business established 8
;ears; fine location; great bargain. For par-
ticulars inquire cf MRS. E. E. BANGS
Ktockton. Cal. '
FOR sale— A rood etore fitting and carpenter
thop: hair interest or the whole thing- well
established. liox 1710. Call office.
TO lease— Unfurnished, hotel. 21 rooms. Rood-
r»aj-!nr bar. at San Rafael station. Owner. 11
Lyon st.. San I : "rancisco.
LAUNDRY route tn largest and oldest estab-
hfhed lsundry In city; J4M. Addresa box
!2_3. Call office.
FOB tale cheap— A completa I patent ¦ brick
riant. Address Ridenhour- Briclo Co.. Hilton,
Fonomt, County. Cal. • . ¦,"• . -, \
FOR eale— Well Improved vegetable "¦¦» garden
with stock and all fannlnc implements on
*-a-y terms. Address box 1760. Call office,
CANDT, cigar and «U,tlonery store; laundry
office; those meaning business. C03 Post et.
BUSINESS CHANCES— CONTINUED.
RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; dally • re-,
celpts about SCO. Call at place. 410 frearay.'
$£50— CANDY etore; choice location. Call 827
Market, r. 309. 18 m. to 1 p. m.. and 6 to S:»0.
$30 WINS S300 per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons, S21 Market, r. 4.
LARGE Inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has teen established »: 10SS
Valencia st j
J,OUGI.\C-HOi;SKS FOR SALE.
10-ROOM flat; downtown $500
14 rooms; on Mleslon Bt....' 500
EO.roomi: new furniture; $1000 cash JCOO
15 rooms; on Third Et 600
46 rooms: fine corner: clears $200 3S00
14 rooms; on Geary Ft.; clears $150 1900
15 rooms; on Kearny st.; clear? $150 1600
S3 rooms; on Market st 1403
12 rooms; clears $76 4S0
t00 others— Prices from $100 to $23,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 706.
«0 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $130 $3000
!7 rooms: money-maker; near Market — 1900
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.: extra.. 950
15 rooms; Leavenworth: rent $57 50 900
10 rooms, 1450; 10 rooms, quick SjO
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market Bt
A— 38 MCALLISTER St.. fine bay-window
hou*e; the best neighborhood In the city;
finely furnished: handsome chiffonier, bra.ia
rnd oak "beds; clears J30 over rent; $250 cash;
$".C-0 on mortgage; no agents.
WINSTON' & WOLF. 1026 Market et.
The Leading and Reliable Brokers.
16 rooms; $250 cash, balance $10 month $600
24 rooms; rent $C0; a snap 1000
25 rooms; corner; rent $90 1200
27 rooms; offices: money maker 2100
CO rooms; rent $115; north of Market 2700
40 rooms; modern house: elegant SO00
MARION GRIFFIN,
719 Market st. near Call bldg.. Tel. black 1R03.
Over E00 houses for sale: please call; 10 rooms,
rent $!i. income $C0. X350; 27 rooms, nice. In-
come t2Z0. fine furniture, owner leaving city,
reduced from $2^00 to $1900: 17 rooms, n. Mar-
ket, easy terms, respectable, $700; 22 rooms,
rent $60, must be sold, $1000.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, notice! I have larg-
est list of lodging-houses and hotels: can suit
all buyers; title given with each house sold;
money loaned buyers; no fake prices; before
buying call and be convinced.
O. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Rooms 1-2. 817 Market St.; tel. Mint 1S1L
CALL and see our list of bargains in houses;
we have them in any part of the city and nt
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
Sixth Et. ; '_.
$if0— LODGING house; 16 rocms: full of perma-
nent roomers; bargain on account of other
business. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market.
BUYING and selling lc dglng-houses. business
places a specialty; bcurs 2 to 4. HAYNES,
11 City Hall square.
A SNAP— 6 rocms. bath: other conveniences:
pteady roomers; going East; make offer. 413
Larktn st. .
$:4<>— 11 ROOMS; fine location; well furnished;
all rented: low rent BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
JSOO— IS ROOMS, cood furniture; rent $44; pays
well; always full; going away. Box 1789. Call.
TO buy or eell business chances or lodglng-
hpuses. pee ANDREW PRICE. SO Kearny st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR FARNI?AMrvrorld-renowned spirit- i
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated:
mining a Fpecialty; clrs. Sun., Wed., Fri. ev's.
Come and be convinced. Permanently located,
E13 Eddy St., bet. -Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
C. V. MILLER, materializing: trumpet seance.
8 p. m.; 5Cc. 10S4 Bu=h. near Leavenworth.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: best t«=ts;
10c; prophetic life readings. Me:, $1. 14S Sixth.
MRS. LESTER— Readings. DOc: ciVcle every eve
ex. Sat.. 10c; devrl. circle Tues. eve.. 222 Turk.
MECTING to-nipht: convincing test readings,-
1-r, p. m. MRS. MAXWELL. 123S Howard st
SIRS. DUXHA-f. 14 McAllister St.. room S3;
circles to-day, 2 and 8 p. m.; sittings daily.
ELSIE REYNOLDS' materializing circle Fri-
day evening. 309 Taylor Pt.:.fOc: few only.
EARLE, 3(5 Taylor St.. corner Ellis— Sittings ,
dntiy; seance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus.medlum.llfe
reader, medical clairvoyant. 11C4 O'Farrell.
MRS. GILLIXGHAM— Hours, 9 to 4; meetings
Tues., Thur., Sun. : devel. Fri. eve. 303 Larkln.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
readings daily, 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,'
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
C. Mayo-Steer-. 112'.4 Oak St., trance medium;
readings $1; hours 1-5 p. m.: tel. Howard 527.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister-Mrs C. J.
Meyer: Bittinrs dally; tests to all to-nlght:10c.
CL.VIRVOVAXTS.
MME. M. BERNARD, ™"*~ ""™"™"~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and busings medium, 17 Third st.,
next Examiner building. She reads your life
correctly, gives an accurate description of the
past, revea's the present happenings and por-
trays events to occur lr the future. If you are
In trouble, dlscfaitented, unhappy or not satis-'
fled In life, or have domestic, love or business
troubles, consult this great medium and you
will be told how to overcome them. Valuable
advice In all affairs of life; 2Jc up; perfect sat-
isfaction guaranteed.
CONSULT the Quaker medium and palmist: she
will reunite you with your loved one; her ad-
vice can be relied upon In all business affairs,
sales of property, oil, mines and lawsnlts; do
you want a better position? Call nnd learn how
to get It. MRS.E.SANDERS.1104 Market, r. 28.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar*
ket «t.. corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
end 16; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
eruaranteed by mail; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special term?. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
<5lajm6ses disease with life reading; ladles Me,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 .Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, pp.
Cth; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
_IME. LAROSE. best Clairvoyant, card reader,,
free tests 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor. Sixth..
MRS. VALEEN,' palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader and magnetic healer. 215 Leavenworth.
MRS. Melvlll. well-kncwn clairvoyant, water
reader. 11. 6th ;Germau spoken ;tel. Ho ward 1S46.
MRS. B. BAUMAN. the well-known fortune
teller, has removed to 222 Eddy st.
MME. HANSON, palml&try. card reader; past,
present, future; 2Ec. 148 Sixth Bt, room 14.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant card reader and
palmistry: truth or na pay; 23c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant, business me-
dium; mining a specialty. 215 Kearny, r. '8-10.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 23c. 7 Seventh Et.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave.; future hus-
! band's picture _5c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell et.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
cltting- dally. 44SH Jessie Et.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
at?vlc»: name* given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing. Works. 253-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 344.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Eeatlng Works, S33 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 128. *
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunlins. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
leus successful. Room 310. 827 Market at.
_ DENTISTS. — —
ATlhTELEC^O^EN'TTL^CirnacTTo?^^
ket Bt, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
•without plates our specialty- gold crowns.
S3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, S a. m. to 10 p. ra. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days, on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 CO; fillings, 50c; plates,
$5. full eet; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago I>ent-I Parlors, 24 Sixth st
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates. • bridges
and r.!I!rg(«; extractions or fillings by. mv
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no student*: advlco free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
PR. CEORGS W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell. gt.
j DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
i —No charge for extracting when plates .are
made; old plates made over like r.ew; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. SOc; gas given..
THE New Tork Dentists ¦¦ have moved to 969
Mission St., cor. Sixth. - Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
pc-ltive p.lnlest ?x tract ion. SOo.
dentists: '
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3 r fillings; 25c.
DR.- H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
EDUCATIONAL. ;•¦
EVENING SCIiOOL. s! "1\ BUSINESS Coi>
LEGE 1236 Market St.; individual Instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching: tuition $5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market St.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
and evening: *8 per month: $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past E months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeplnr, -full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
.S. F.— Dookkeeplng, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.: day
and night eessions; new SO- page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM.- an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to It by written contract,
and caji therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all its graduates. 80S- larkln st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping-figures: short
time. -TARR, exp. ecct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MINING school of H. Hlrschlng, 334 Kearny st,
open; day and eve. •classes; chemistry. Ilxlva-
tlon, mineralogy, geology, coal oil formation.
ENGINEERING, civil,' elec, mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players,* club prac-
tice. Merkl. reliable teacher. 1008 Mission gt.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. )37 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $."> mo. 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine at.
. EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office; best
help furn.; domestic servants; work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est.
1S70; practical recommend; try them; removed
• to 419 Devisadero: tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 133.
JAPANESE and Chine5e employment office;
best help'. 626 O'Farrtll St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. C44 California: phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Be?t hjelp. 4U',4 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
YOUNG woman would like a place for Monday
or Tuesday for washing. Ironing or house-
' work; $1 25 and car fare. Box 1734, Call office.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day; $1 £.0; will take work home: per-
fect fit guaranteed. Address 23$ Ellis st.
AN experienced dressmaker wishes engage-
ments; $1 60 per day; references. Box 1732,
Call office.
A PROTESTANT woman wishes housework;
neat and plain cook; steady place; references.
Call 40 Minna at.
WOMAN to go out housecleaning; $1 25 day;
will' take Bontlemen's wash and mending.
MRS. G., 223 Fourth st.
A WOMAN wants housework: Is a good cook;
good references. 014 Howard St.. near Fifth.
WOMAN wants place for general housework.
€7 Tllden st, corner Fifteenth, near Ca'stro.
RELIABLE woman wishes position as working
housekeeper cr light housework In plain'
place where ehe can take baby year old with
her; small wages; city or country. Address
box 1617. Call office.
A YOUNG grirl. wishes situation In small fam-
ily to assist in housework: wages $10 to $15.
Please apply 23 Federal 8t, bet. First «nd
Poeond, Bryant and Brannan.
YOITNG Swedish girl wishes situation with
small family. 327 East St.
COOKING to do by young American woman
for 10 or 12 men. In country; will go to Ari-
zona, or Oregon, or In the mountains; wages
$25 to $35. Box 1766. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Bt. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 00 night, $1 B0 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubscrlptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A SOBER, steady, middle-aged man wants a
situation as dishwasher or kitchen hand In
email hotel, boarding house or restaurant.
Address Box 1791, Call office.
A YOUNG man of 24 wants work at anything;'
would like to drive a delivery wagon; can
furnish good security. J. M., 130B Church st.
YOUNG man would like position In wholesale
house as porter or drive delivery wagon; good
references. Address M, 1104 Larkin et.
SOBER young man wishes position as driver:
can ¦ drive 2 or. 4-horpe team; experienced
driver. Address R, box 1793, Call office.
STEADY, sober' young man wants situation: 4
years' experience at printing; would like to
learn electrical manufacturing. Box 1502, Call.
GARDENER wants position; handy with car-
penter tools. J. H. EICHELBERQER, 417
Kearny st. .
YOUNG man wUhes position as elevator
operator; can give first-rlass references. Ad-
dress E. M. W., 054 Xatoma st.
WANTED — Position as fireman or take nlsht
shift on stationary engine. Box 1620, Call;
WOULD like to take charge of rooming house
In popular part. of city. Add. box 17S6, Call.,
A WILLING young man of good habits from
the country would like to pet some work to
do. Address FRANK JONES. 737 Howard st,
San Francisco House, room 20.
A SOBER, reliable, married man desires a po-
sition of any kind; Is handy with tools and
a good engineer; good references. Address
box 1C04. Call office.
EXPERIENCED farmer and dairyman desires
position as foreman; good references. K. W.,
box «4. Benlcla.
GOOD carpenter wants work, either by day or
take Jobs; good references; give address. A.
P.. Frultvale. Cal. ¦
A BRANCH of Hce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
' FEATHEIl PILLOWS. . •
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated,
by the latest sanitary process may address
1 FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
FLATS TO LET.
TO LET— New flats on Buchanan st, between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave. ; 6 and - 6
rooms and bath: all th^ latest Improvement-.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN t CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 1002
McAllister st Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
2 FINE new' flats for rent;'$r4 and $16. ' 1209.
1211 Sanchez st. - .-.¦.--.:.¦*¦•...-.¦
CHEAPEST and best In America— The .Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to , any • address in .the
United States ox Canada one year for |L '-* '
PLATS TO LET— FBRNIS^pD.
FLAT to rent; furniture for sale; new and
elegant; 7 rooms and bath. Key room 128
• Murphy building, 1236 Market st. ¦
UPPER sunny flat, five. rooms and bath; -rent
$35/ 2219 Devisadero st.,, corner 'Washington.
~~ .. FURNITURE FOR SALE.
* ROOMS furnished In oak. S4S 50. wlth-No. 7
range. Kins Furniture ; Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FUnXITUnB~\VAXTEb7~
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc see W. E. Cody, 757 Mission: tel.- Red 3353.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larklnitel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd, houses. bought} soot cash.
CHAS. "LEVY buys your- furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market "t. ; tel. Jessift 761.
A. WOLLPERT,' 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand fUmlture; tel. Red 13J4.
, HELP WANTED— -FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S,... Phone Grant 1S5
.'• ....:. HOTEL "DEPARTMENT
A head waitress and crew of waitresses for
hotel, short distance in country: fare . ad-
vanced. OV R. HAXSES & CO.. 104 Geary St.
HEAD waitress and waitress," eouth, $30; 10
. more waitresses and chambermaids for the
Eouth, $20, $30, half- fare advanced; 10 walt-
• resses, hotels, city and country, $20: woman
Ironer, $35: chambermaid and scrubher. In-
stitution, $20 each
.....FAMILY DEPARTMENT
House girls, nurses, eecond girls, cooks, $20,
$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
A— RAY JACKSON kindly call or send address
to C. R. HANSEN & CO.; 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1573
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses.' Santa Barbara, $20: 3 waitresses,
Coronado Beach, $20, half-fare rates;- 2 -wait-
resses. Salt Lake City, Utah. $25; 8 wait-
refises, commercial and city hotels, $20; res-
taurant waitress, $6, no Sunday work; 2
chambermaids to wait, $20; woman cook,- $30;
woman for few hours' housework each day,
$15 m%nth
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Second girl, 2 in family, $20; housekeeper,
country, $25, see party here, fare. paid: and
many others. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
¦ -Geary st.
WANTED— For institution across the bay, a
good, willing woman to do housework and
cleaning up; no experience required; $25 per
month, board, room and laundry.. "VV. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay Et. '
PRACTICAL Millinery School; established \i
yrs.; trade taught: class now forming; terms
caty; references given. 1107 Van Ness ave.
ADDITIONAL stenographer and offlco assist-
ant; reliable, accurate at figures; steady em-
ployment; hours g io 6:30; state salary, ex-
pcrlcnce. ref. Wholesale, box 1739, Call office.
OPERATORS wanted to work In factory on
ladies' and children's wear; good wages paid.
723 Market tt.. room 35.
"A NEAT, reliable girl to assist In cooking and
general houeework for 2; call Friday, 10 to 4.
-1020 Ellis st.
PANTS finisher-. 263 Minna gt
WANTED — A wet nurse: must be a strong,
healthy woman. Box 1795. Call office.
Al FINISHER on cloaks. M. SIMINOFF,' 1228
• Market st.
SEWERS wanted to take work- home. 723
. Market st.. room 35.
COMPETENT girl for general 'housework and
-cooking; small. family. 4f>0 Golden Gate ave.
GIRL' Waitress; do all-around work. 209
Fourth st.
SEWING machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Ca's overall factory. 32^ Fremont
st. Apply to MB. DAVIS.
WANTED — Conscientious woman: capable of
taking charge of business and directing em-
ployes; must leave references. Address! Re-
sponsible, box 1C10, Call office.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
. chines on shirts and overalls af GREENE-
BAUM, WEIL & MICHAEL'S. 631 Mission.
LADY who knows something of Japanese art:
salary. Call between 2 and 4, room 5, 5 Mar-
ket st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 6U
Market st.
FIRST-CLASS operators on rants and vests.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641 Market Bt.
(upstairs).
WANTED— Girl for shooting gallery. 424 Du-
pont St., call 11 a. m.
GIUL for general housework; wages $20. 403
Fair Oaks .st. corner Twenty-flfth.
OPERATORS and riveters on overalls. HEY-
NKMANN & CO.. 410 Mission St.
FIHST-CLASS finishers on pants. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. (upstairs).
EXPERIENCED button-hole operators on
shirts. BRENNER-ULMAN CO.. 19 Battery.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
In factory. 723 Market et.. room 35.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call Branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt. > '
HELP WASTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6S4S
' Leading Employment and Labor Agents,'
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Assistant engineer and machinist, steady
Job r./ $50 and fd.
Gardener. AUmeda Co $28 and fd.
Farmer for an Institution J25 and fd.
Choreman, see boss here
Pruner and grafter, vineyard 50c fare
3 orchard pruners..4 farm hands, $.0 and fd.
Milkers, choremen and boys
Woodchoppers and tiemakers, tools and pro-
visions furnished
Arm waiter, Nevada $33" and fd., fare paid
Bartender, country hotel, see boss here •..
6 cooks, ctty and country...., $30 to $.*>0
Cook, 4 men, ranch, $15 porter, 10
O1J man. porter work and help cook. .$18 & fd.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay Et.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, institution, $30; baker "and pastry cook,
hotel. $60; cake baker, country, $50; ironer,
country laundry, $35; 3 bell and elevator
boys, $10 and $15: houseman, hotel, $20; hotel
waiter, country, $35 and free fare.
Blacksmith, country ehop. 25c an hour; but-
termaker and milker, country. J35: vegetable
gardener. $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
20 MEN, railroad work, free fare: stock clerk:
piano player; furniture mover; cook, restau-
rant: German porter for Nevada; Japanese
for private family; shirt Ironer In laundry:
gardener, country: dishwasher, restaurant,
city. JOHNSON'S Employment Office, 133
East St.; tel. Main 1GS6.
A — 4 NON-UNION cement finishers; union
wages; union hours; no. office fees. Me-
chanics' Registration Bureau. 410 Kearny st.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS, Secretary.
WANTED— Master Mechanic. An examination
of applicants will be held at the Naval Train-
Ing Station, Ban Francisco, Cal., February
21, 1901, for master mechanic at $3 04 per
diem. Manairement, care and repairs of
steam machinery, boilers, pumps, etc., pipe
nnd steam fittlncs and repairs to same, re-
pairs to plumbing, management and care of
dynamos and engines and repairs to same,
ability to keep accounts and make estimates
for work required as above. The examina-
tion will he open to all comers who can give
evidence of experience In the kind of- work
for which- they seek employment, and who
are citizens of the United States. Applica-
tions will be addressed to the Commandant,
Naval Training Station. San Francisco, Cal.,
and must be delivered to him on or before
Wednesday, February 20. No application re-
¦ eelved after that date will be considered.
Each applicant will state In his application
his name, a_e. residence, citizenship, pres-
ent occucatlon (stating shop ¦" and position
therein) ami previous employment or work
done. The applications will be accompanied
by evidence of citizenship and bv certificates
preferably from previous employers as to
character, habits of industry and sobriety
and skill and experience In work of the kind
required. JOHN D. LONG. Secretary of the
Navy. ¦ - ¦. ¦ ' - ' •_ '.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps,' U.
B. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
lees than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
1 Inch In -height:, able to read, write and
epeak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco, Cal.
„ _____ gIIO — salesman.
SHOE SALESMAN. -
Old-established house wants experienced
salesman to Bell well-advertised line of boots
and shoes. Liberal commission. Good territory.
i Address, with reference. Box 2229, Boston, Mass.
. 3 ACTIVE men for local position
weeks): salary $3 per day. \VM. .. J. UHL,
, manager. 723 Chestnut et. Philadelphia.
QUARRY men for hard building stone; state
experience. Box . 1051, Call office. •
WANTED— Good Job compositor. R. MUNK,
805 Mission st.
INDUSTRIOUS, honest boy from 15 to 16
years old for grocery store. Box 1S04. Call.
HANDY man. painting, paper hanging, etc*,
$25; assistant' porter.. $10. 821 Grant ave.
•WANTED— Graduate optician: Al refraction-
1st; $150 per month. Box-1505. Call office.-
COOK wanted. 606 Howard st; near First
WANTED— A- boy 16 or 13 years of age to worh
In tlnshop; able to do soldering-. 1144 Folaom.
ONE 'good barber<for Saturday. 737 Mission st,
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2Sc
to SOc. 562 Mlaslon Bt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
.2-CHAIR shop for sale cheap; doing good busl-
,/ncss. ¦ Inquire 294 Sixth at. : ... ...
WANTED— First-class clerk . for grocery and
bar; . must understand the business; refer-
' enoe. . Box 1 .90, Coll office.
AN •. experienced apprentice job i printer. 9£
Market-st. fifth floor, . .-¦¦
MEN, to learn barber' trade; catalogue "mailed
Tree. S. K. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS shaft miners. | Call at room 302,
Call -building, after 10 a. m. •'-..:
BARKEEPER; German; none but quick, first-
class men need -apply ; r refs. Box- 1TS8. ; . Call.
WANTEDMOO men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 350 Howard st.
HELP WANTED MALE. '/ * ;
MEN OR WOMEN „
..............Paid Big Commissions
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY^fl Spear et.
WANTED— Partner with $1000 to $1500 In estab-
lished manufacturing business Investment;
guaranteed; rare chance. Apply at cigar
.store, 247 Fifth st. . .
YOUNG man, strong and steady, to learn bak-
ing trade; some experience preferred. Ad-
dress Imperial Steam Bakery, San Jose.
AGENTS to take orders for custom ehlrts; city
'cr country: no experience required. O. BER-
MAK, 48 Ellis' et. '
WANTED — Good paying barber shop In coun-
try town Immediately; cash. G. A. DAVIS,
102 K. Sonora st., Stockton, Cal. •
$50— PARTNER wanted in small restaurant: $40
monthly: no experience required. 4S6 4th Ft.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required ; position guaranteed: special
Inducements; catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BRIGHT men of good address; money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
9 a. m. at 202 Post st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. E62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & t?o., old reliable
.firm, 80S Market, room 40. Phelan building.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen and irreen hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 23c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH, office for Call advertisements and
pubscriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth pt.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LARGE* dray and driving horses. Just from
country; well matched and young. Apply at
1523 Howard e%.. PENN STABLES.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
Sd session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast, sec, 510 Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG horse for sale; works double and *In-
gle. ~ 911»,2 Larkln at.
THREE fast road horses; also come good
business horses at 721 Howard st.
A — lftO SETS second-hand harness: wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folgpm.
$S0— TOP buggy, piano box; nearly new; bar-
galn. C32 Market St.. room 6.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, e'.ngle. also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to' let: send for«ir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
MORRIS ave.. 30, between Fifth and Sixth.
Harrison and Bryant — Five rooms! rent $13;
water free. Key IS Morris ave.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED. •
SUNNY, clean, newly furnished home, $10 a
month: 10 minutes from Chronicle. WILLIAM
BUTTERFIELD. Phelan building, room 42.
/ HOUSE CLEANING.
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co., estab. 1830;
removed to 419 D«>vlsad<*ro ot.. tel. Fell 135.
LOST AND FOUND.
IOST— On the Cth Inst., purse containing small
amount of money and valuable trinket, be-
tween French church. Bush st. and Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Return to E43 Franklin
Et. ; reward.
LOST — Diamond Fcarfpin, horseshoe design
with whip: crossing on Berkeley train or
boat to this city. Reward given by leaving
Bamo with cashier ROOS BROS.* office.
LOST— Sunday evening, small green alligator
Bkln hand satchel; leather cut on top. Return i
to HUGH ROSS, S17 Battery st.; liberal re- \
ward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of JOHN F. JACKSON or SUSIE I.
JACKSON. No. 21S-444. Finder will please
return" to bank. j
LOST— A small closed gold watch and brooch.
Return to Y. M. C. A. office. Mason and
Ellis sts.. between 9 and 5 o'clock; reward.
LOST— Lady's opal watch, surrounded by small
diamonds, pendant from a, heart-shaped opal
pin, surrounded by small diamonds. Return '
to MR. WILLIAM OLAUSSEN, S03 Battery
Bt. ; liberal reward and no questions asked..
LOST— A pair of spectacles. 461 Jessie st.;
reward. ¦-":'•¦ ' ;
FOUND — On Sutter and Stelner sts.. St. Ber-
nard dog. Owner can have same by calling
at 2215 Steiner st.
' FOUND— A carriage axlo nut. Call at 2315
Pine St., near Flllmore.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
jeweler, 21S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD cold sliver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
. A BRANCH office for Call -advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia rt.
MATTUESSES AND PILLOWS.
MA^niRl-ssl3s"TNirpn^^
made to order, renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed: fine up- :
holstery: expert carpet-cleaning and .laying.
HOPKC BROS.. 318 and 320 Eleventh st.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau.; <?st. 1S76; reliable; con-
fidential lists, 10c. 323 Kearny Bt.. rms. C-4.
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1SS7: reliable & con-
fidential: lists. 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 70G- Ellis st.
• MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, • tha well-known expert on
diseases of • women, has returned from Eu-
rope with advanced knowledge; a treatment
guaranteed to give Instant relief for any
ailment; safe and reliable; 10 years In Q. C
Hospital, London; practiced In S. F. since
1884; maternity home; fee, low. 10075. Market
at., near Sixth. •
DR. and Mrs. DA VIES, 1228 Market, the well-
known ladles' specialists; 32 years' practice;
perfectly reliable; a positive cure guaranteed
at office: patients treated can return same
daV: those wishing to treat themselves should
send for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MENT, a sure cure; gives instant relief ; harm-
less; any one can use It; stamp for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 101S Market,
opp. 6th: world-renowned ladies" specialist:
safe, reliable; practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all ethers fall call on him.
MRS DR KOHL'. 937 Market St.. cor. Sixth —
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; 25 years'
i successful practice; positive cure guaranteed;
when others fall consult free.
• MRB. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.' !
1 successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home for patients; con-
1 suit- free. 842 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
• MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladies' spe-
cialist: safe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
,* fees: when all others fall consult free.
• MRS. DR, GWYER. ladles' specialist; home
for patients. C04 Eddy st.
[ • ailNES AND MINING.
MINES bought and sold; also stocks la mines
nnd oir companies. Prof. John TUton. r. 473-
> 476. 4th floor. Parrott bldg.: 10-12. 1-3.
' MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE. '
• BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
l , . IXTOSH & WOLPM AN, 195-197 ¦ Fremont st.
- BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
. linoleum, new and second-hand; - we always
have a large stock of. saloon outfits' on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we. can ship everything In* 24 hours. J.
NOON AN,- 1017, 1019,- 1021, . 1023 Mission St..
" above Sixth; write for catalgoue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for $3 down and
r •¦ $5 per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
1 • st. : rentals, new . machines. $3 per month.
i A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
1 gines. boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
. ¦ etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st. .
- BEAUTIFUL ladles' solid gold watches for
- • $12, $14 and $17 each; worth double the- price.
at UNCLE HARRIS', 13 Grant ave. •
1 FOR sale— 1 Iron planer, almost new. size 32x32
- Inches by 8V4 feet long. 625 Brannan st.. Dear
¦Fourth. • ' -
J A— 20-TON Howe, wagon .scale; compound
beam. Apply at. 21C California st.
1 FOR SALE — High grade hammerless gun; half
price. Box 173S. Call office. 4 : -
• A 15 "AND 23 II. P.. boiler; 8 II. p. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE, la Beaie-gt.
- l-BARNES S-ln. swing lathe; 13 H. P. Hercules
.' 'gasoline eng.; 1 No. 3 Dow pump. 634 Mission.
I GAS . engine, 1 horsepower. $75; see at work.
• Ehlrt store, 633 Valencia st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR . SALE.
ALEXANDER is CO.. 110 Montgomery St.. sell
at low figures all makes 2d-hand typewriters.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
2D-HAND steam, pas, oil, water and air roa-
chlnery bought and sold. White. 516 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving
picture-. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS AVANTS.
A— KLEIN pays best price for clothing, brlc-a-
brac, old gold. 103 Sixth «t. ; phone Jessie 141.
WANTED^2nd-hand naphtha launch; 2 or 4 hT
P. A. J. Gustaveson. Berlin bldg.. Tacoma.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
MOXEV t6 LOAN'.
A— MONET to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you win lose
their friendship; do business, with strangers
and you •will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in esttes. legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN ft OLSE-S
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. a.
HIGHLY rearectable. private place to "obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel.. Main 1644. Branch 19 third st.
A— $300,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates-: chattel mortgages: notes ar.d collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. .J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, f,anos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 6S.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansome. rm. 2.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country: 6%; undi-
vided ints. restates. HARPER. 337 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New" York plan.
JHE TOL'SLEY CO., 321 Parrott building.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St., room 1. • •
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. C09 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 113 Phelan big-.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT agents" cost closed out Walla Walla ag"cy.
3 Steinways " $125, 1S6. $324
1 Hallet & Davis $490
2 Chickerings $163, $283
1 Novella ; $63
1 Heine $292
3 Haynes (59 others) $233
AVe handle all makes; agents for some old-
est and most famous pianos in existence.
Our new rent contract, rent or buy, $t.
Privilege to return or exchange at any time.
Hallet & Davis pianos, exclusive, oldest,
most famous. HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary.
WANTED— Agents in e^ery town; write cata-
logues; wholesale prices. Heine Piano Co.,
217 Geary st. ,
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay 4: Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
ot their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilFge given to exehange medium and low
priced piancs for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and.
$6 per month. We offer to Bey some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $i per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Suiter Rts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oak-
land.
THE public have appreciated our very generous
cuts in prices by patronizing us liberally dur-
ing the great sale we have just been having;
so many sal»s have been started but not yet
completed that we are going to continue the
"cut" for ". few days. In order that no pne
may feel disappointed who Is inclined to take
advantage of It: remember that all our pianos,
Decker & Son. Packard. Baumelster, Straube,
Arlington, etc.. etc.. are included in the sale.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houea
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 28,
2$ and 20 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all . grades
and prices: terms easy; prices ldwest: every- :
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
5 ORGANS, from $25 to $60.
S second-hand piancs. from $75 to $143.
4 new uprights) from $100 to $195.
Guaranteed; easy payments. BENJAMIN
CURTAZ & SON, 16-13-20 O'Farrell St.;
Chickerlng agency.
ON sale— Steinway upright. $1SS.. 217 Geary
St., room 36.
FINE 3-pedal upright piano: standard make;
sacrifice; leaving city. 324 Golden Gate ave.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be. sold; nice upright piano.
' SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st. next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap; brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
I A CLEARING out sale of pianos in storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage, 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spetlman Pianos. 303 Post.
SPECIAL BALE— Immense reductions; see our
leader, only $150. BRUEN'N. 203 Pest st. •
3-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain; owner
leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own price. Shoninger agency.
BEST rent stock tn city: new pianos. $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 57
MITLLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
CORNER store — -West corner Fourth and Perry
sts.; occupied as grocery and bar. for past SO
years: rent $20; water free.- Apply to O. H.
UMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
CHEAP, light offices. Emma ¦ Spreokels bulld-
lng. 927 Market st.
OIL. ,¦
FOR SALE — A 20-year lease on 10 acres of oil
land in the Kern River oil district; 200-barrel
wells surround this property; If looking for
a bargain Investigate. Address box 1797. Call.
35CO SHARES of Occidental Oil- Company of
West .Virginia -for naie; cheap. Inquire 458
Thirty-eighth St., Oakland, Cal.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pino street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
2500 ACRES oil land; $5 to $3000 per acre. W.
C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood building.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River; proven territory; line of R. R.
Newton. Carmen & gomes, r. 104. Chronicle.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window ahades; rooms papered, $3
up. Jensen & Bath. -303 Sixth; open evenings.
PALMISTRY.
HTjERoinFFO^ELXir^entlflc^^ palmist, 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black S61.
I'ARTXEHS WASTED.
ENERGETIC man with $3000 to purchase one-
third Interest In a profitable mercantile,
business. Address Confidential, box 179g. Call.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
~~~ PERSONALS.
OX and after this date I will not be respon-
sible for any- debts contracted In my name,
unless previously approved by my wife, and
thereafter indorsed by the undersigned.
¦• CHAS. E. BOW EN.
$30 REWARD for. the return of lace curtain^
etc..' taken from C. F. . Adams Co. wagon
156 Fifth st.. or Information which will lead
to their recovery. .
ELECTRIC llglit In. every room-Wlnchei'er
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: TOO rooms-
rsc to $1 SO per night: $1 50 to $t per we«k :
tree *Jau- and baggage to and from tha ferry.
FINE Mitts. $10: dress pants, $_ 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 . Montgomery it •
open evenings until 8 o'clock. '
A-$3 EO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popn-
lar Price Hatter-. 320 Kearny st., near Ftne
DESERVING women needing aid on suits or
legal questions, address bor 17S4. Call office.
PERSONALS.
WHITE enamel Iron. beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN* OUTFITTINO
CO.. 1310-1313 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
WHY guess? You an» certain of style and fit by
using Standard Patterns: February styles
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 1021 Market »t.
HEALTHY boy or girl baby for adoption. MRS.
DR. FUXKE. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. Ti. RAT. 357 Jesste- St.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. "MISS EATON. 1113 Sutt?r st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books w!<?»;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt»
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Com Paint, tho best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to lt.« natural color; $1: at all drusxlsta.
PHYSICIAXS AXD SURGEOXS.
DR C. C. O* DON>TELL— Of fle» and re-Idenc*.
lr-ZlK. Market «-. between Sixth and Sev.-nth.
RKAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SA'.E.
ANOTHER Richmond bargain: Just what a
builder or carpenter Is looking: for; the two
choicest lots In Richmond on elevated
ground; west side 11th ave.; 2".t1-0 each; Jam
north of Clement; bulkhead in front: all
street work done; cars on Clement: fln« ma-
rine view; make your own terms as to pay-
ments; only $1523 for both: 2 houses built < n
these lots can be sold befcre the plast-T is
dry; there is not a vacant house in Rich-
mond and hundreds of people are wantlr.g to
rent, w. J. GL'N~X. 530 California st.
A FINE marine view; lot sunny side of Union.
on the hill, close to Scott; 25x110; oply U$0O:
stone pavement, basa't blocks; all street work
done-; ready for building: surrounded with
gardens; cars pass; a fine purchase. 'VT. J.
OUNX. 530 California st.
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and th«
cheapest, call on W. J. GUNN. SCO California.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park then
call on W. J. GUX.V. 530 California st.
SACRIFICE; departure from ctty; a new mod-
ern cottage, gas, gas crate, coal grate, enam-
el bath and sink, cola storage, cement tubs,
granite curb, iron fence, cement walks. 321
Fonrth ave.. bet. Geary and Cletr.ent sts. S. F.
MODERN houses built; lowest price-: plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1H7 Mission.
RKAI, ESTATE— ComnY— For Sale
2 houses and lots at Crockett. Contra Costa
County; rented for $32 per month; prlca $XC0.
DAVID BUSH & SON. 10 Montgomery.
M. GRIFVIN, 715 Market, sells and exchanges
city and country realty; printed lists; Sono-
ma. Santa Clara. Shasta and other counties.
WRITE J. W. HORN. S12 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate barsaitis.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$600— TO clos» an estate; fln» building ccm»r
lot. 40x100; bet railroads; J blocks High
School; street work complete: bargain. S<?»
cweer. A. G. BURX3. 1501 Park St.. Alaraeda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IN th« lovely Daley Ecenlo Park— Only -
blocks from university grounds: two-story
house of 8 rooms: Just finished; fine corner
lot; only $«00. JOS. J. MASON. Real Es-
tate. adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE-
SACRIFICE; departure from city; 2 cottages
and lot 60x150; 1 modern 7 rooms, famished,
furniture new, gas, gas stove, cement walks;
1 cottaga 4 rooms unfurnished; prico $3500;
$500 cash, balance installments. Apply 76
Valley St.. Oakland.
OAICLATfD FX-*KXITURE FOR S.VLB.
AN introduction to you from II. Schellhaas. tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN. 7T5. above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom, furnished; $7. '
ELLIS, 42-4 — Newly furnished flat 3 rooms com-
plete; also 2 rooms complete for housekeeps.
ELLIS', 621— Nicely furnished suite of 3 rooms,
housekeeping. $22 SO; also one room. $10.
ELLIS. 1130—3 elegant unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; also high sunny basement; no
children. *
GEARY. 631 — Sunny furnished housekeeping and
other rooms; gas; bath; rent reasonable.
HOWARD. 1C€3 1 4— Completely furnished house-
keeping -rooms; electric lights; range, etc.;
reasonable. ¦
OAK. 115—1 sunny basement room; dry; clean;
furnished for heavy housekeeping; yard; $4.
SMALL shop, with 2 living rms.: suitable shoe-
maker, barber: opp. carhouse. 5000 McAllister.
MISSION. 27-1 1 .— Nicely furnished sulta of I
rooms for light housekeeping.
OCTAVIA, 14C3. cor. Geary— Large sunny bay-
window room, mantel. Welsbaca; also room
with kitchen. -
SIXTH. 136-Sunny rooms for light housekeep-
ing; also room for gentleman.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103.
Valencia st. .
ROOMS TO LET—Fnrn. and Infnrn.
AHLBORN" HOTEL, .21 Grant ave.— Best dollar
a day family hotel tn city; pollto attendance;
larg» rooms; modern conveniences; rooms SCo
up; first-class meals -5c; free coach.
A — HOTEL Robinson. 1043A Market:, new man-
agement; furnished rocms, en suite or single;
suits for housekeeping; very reasonable
prices; elevator service; transient
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms _3o
to $1 per nipht: $1 23 to $3 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. HIS Market (old No. 1384)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH. 539 (The Elki — Changed hands: nicely
furn. sunny rms., single, en suite, newly reno-
vated ; all conven. Mrs. K. M. Ramsey, prop.
GEARY. 403 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms: suites or single: travelers accommodated.
•GOLDEN GATE ave.. in- Newly furnished
front, double, single rooms; rent reasonable.
GOLDEN GATS ave.. VOS — 2 small single rooms,
suitable for lady or gentleman : sunny.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en saita or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
JESSIE. 363. near Fifth and Market — Furnish-
ed- room. Z beds, $7: housekeeping, $3. ,
LARKIN. 1X2— Sunny furnished room; water.
gas and bath; 1 person, $S; 2. $10. Apply at
908 Larkln St. .
LAS PALMAS. 1S2O Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.: board optional.
MCALLISTER. 2S— Flna sunny front bay-win-
dow: gas and running water: $3 _5 per week.
MINXA. 667, corner Eighth— Xewly furnished
bay- window room; Jl per week; transient.
MISSION, 8-4— Front and back parlor; suitable
for a doctor: furnished.
SEW ARLINGTON. 1C13 Market «_— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; J3c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rocms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights; day, wk.. nvx
KOYAL House. 12« Ellis— Incandescent light :
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nleht. 35c to $1 50: week. $2 to
. $3: month. $3 to $30: elevator on cmar.il floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROSEDALE House. il9-3_l Ellis St.— Rcom-.
eight. 23c to $1; week. $1 25 to U: op*" night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth st..
¦ near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER, 320%— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms. $8; suites. $1- to 4-5 mo.
THE Oliver. House, 965 Fol«om st.. corner of
Slxth_7-Furnlshed room-; also housekeeping.
TURK. 126— A furnished sunnv front room;
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
TURK. 80»— Neatly furnished double nvims;
. running water, ga-i. bath: rent $8. $J. $1J.
VAN NESS. -IS— 3 newly furnished sunny
rooms; gents only: reasonable.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -
ROOMS AXD nOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Orici»
Church, with annex 8C7 California st.. may
be foun'd a mest exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest iate~.
ELEGANTLY & newly furnished sunny apart-
ments, with or without board; cuisine unex-
celled. IKK 1 . Broadway, cor. 12th St., Oak-
land, top floor; MRS. M. C. ROBINSOX.Prop.
ROOMS asd boar.; p:Ue. reasooablx tli
First it.TEACHERS DISPOSE .
OF CAMPAIGN FUND
Take Measures Regarding Balance on
Hand nnd Discuss Bill Re
lating to Annuity So-r
A special meeting of the public school
teachers of San Francisco was held yes
terday afternoon at the Girls' High School
to make eome disposition of a surplus re
maining from the subscription of last
summer to obtain the passage of .1 con
stitutional amendment authorizing the
Board of Supervisor's to pay teachers' sal
aries for the months of November and De
cember, 1S98.
Chairman C. H. Murphy announced that
a meeting had been arranged between
a committee of teachers and Mayor
Phelan and the Finance Committee of the
Supervisors for next Saturday afternoon
at 3 -o'clock to discuss means for settling
the unpaid claims.
Mr. Kinesbury was authorized to repre
sent the teachers at Sacramento in mat
ters of legislation affecting tht-lr Interests.
Deputy Superintendent W. D. Kings
bury reported that out of an orlidnal sub
scription of 11020 a surplus of $296 85 was
left in the treasury when the campaign
committee finished Its efforts to have the
constitutional amendment passed. On his
motion the money will remain on' hand
until collection of the claims is made,
when it will be contributed to the'-per
manent fund of the Public School Teach
ers' Annuity Commission.
.DENVER, Feb. 7.— Senator Farwell in-,
troduced a resolution in the State Senate
this morning: to investigate the' charges
of -corruption lij -the ; Denver Police De
partment, under ¦ fusion control.', .The
resolution went over, under , the rules, but
probably will be passed. to-morrow. • ,
-.Detective Mcllduff, reprimanded for
protectins a woman, pickpocket,?./ made
revelations ' yesterday - which led to his
suspension and that of . Police :¦ Captain
Arthur Martyn, Patrolman Slack and De
tectives , Edward • Carberry and -- George
Sanders.-; The Uast three are • accused of
levying- tribute on ' thieves. Captain : Ma c
tyn was accused of, owning an interest in
two gambling-houses. I He has' beci
spending $20 a day. whereas his visible In
come is $5 jier day. IBHHfiH&fifl
DENVER POLICE WILL
BE- INVESTIGATED
PALACE HOTKL
A Markell & w. Aus
F Field & w, Iowa
II Lamb. Los An?
A P Leach & w, Oakld
J J Castle, Emeryville
T S Butler. N Y
E M Glldden, Boston
L F Cooke & w, Dawsn
L Phlpps, Los Ang
J K Unnstron. Ls Ang
<: F Jame«, N Y -
G S Dearborn & w,NT
It O Lapliam. N Y
V Erne. Buffalo
M Jt Harrjs, Los Ang
C Eddy. Paris
Mrs XV. XV Conkey.Mass
Mrs M II S3 Spahr, Pa
.1 F Boyd & w, Sn Raf
M J Koot. Buffalo
Ii V Ellis, Hanford
Miss Kills, Hanf ord
H O Stevenson, Menlo
Mrs R T Evans & son,
Nevada
L Hartman & w. III
J L Kessmer & w. 111
Ml?s L Frohman, III . :
0 W Preasant, Chicago
J W. Coehran. Wl»
Miss M Coehran. WIs ¦
1 Jacob, Xcw York ;
S Seigel, New-.Tork
F Klwson, W(a
X Moi«es, Cleveland
C WMobm & w. Ohio
J P Brayton. Chicago
K 1< Howe, Chicago
F A Parker, Los Ang
K w Klewert, Iilinoli
D Mayer, Coronado .
\V Staura, Chicago
MrsW C Daniels. Colo
Miss M G Marsh. Colo
H C do Smith, Dayton
Mrs L J Nlefer, Chlcasr
MIsh G R Mansfl»ld.CaI
T Spellacy, Bakersfleld
P McOrath, Bakersfleld
Mrs J Carroll, Ls Ang
Mlsi Sinclair, Log Ang
W Bayley. lxm Ai\k -
J- Winchester & w, Colo
D S Cone. Red Bluff
A S.RlIey, New York
Mrs A C Farniss, Cal
L L Gray, Fresno
T F- Ahem,'. Detroit .
|B C Klmms. Chicago
Mrs T It McGurn, Ala
K C Hughes, Seattle
Dr'.W A Hendry & w,
Los Angeles
QRANO IIOTKI
L I> Powell, Cal
E Everson, Cal
M E Hart. I>nicia
K A Blemei. Benirla
W Smith, ChlcaKo
J K Delany & wf, Cnl
H Mi Cray, Ilakersneld
W D Ayers, Petaluma
J Schwarzachild. Cal
T <I Berry, Fresno
A Fibusli. Oakland
H Peanlorf, Cal
W \V Iiarhum, St Rsa
A Wecht, Santa Uosa
T A Boole, Sanger
C M HouRh, Cal.
J Neuscheler, N T
J I) Hid'lle, Hanford
J A Shaw. Ferndale
A M Vlviere, I>el Nrte
K T Herry. Kakrafield
J J Garibaldi & w. Cal
K S Watson, Redding
J F TaKBart. Ohico
J N Penrod & w. Cal
F 1* Abbott & wf. Cal
J <J Steel(». <"arrvllle
Miss H L Walls, Cal
W M-Pavey & wf, Cal
Major Cl 11 Penrose, PI
n T Heath. Sev City
Ml»s J T Kenny. Cal
J Bain, Bodte
Q H Graham, Fresno
H E L Good, Clorls
W A Jones & wf, Mont
T B Foster. Wash. DC
J C Antrarp, Syracuse
P H Mack, Inyo Co
D C Ualley. Lx»nver
S H fallioun. Cal
T Dempsey, Denver
J Nevin. Denver
Mru E Mitchell Valljo
J v nigjjH, Woodland
S A Kitchener. Stkton
U L Pettentree & w.Cal
L. M- Hancock, XevCity
J Well, ganger
A T MeElarln. Moline
A U Moone; Inij
D P Uurst. AVheatland
J 8 Heardon, I>js Ang
II McElroy, Plttsburg
.IF Elliott, San Fran
Mrs I^IJ r>avenport,Mss
A II tk-hnahel. Cal
F H Use, Chicago
T B Hall. Sacramento
Mrn A Hmlth. Clver.dle
Miss (J Smith. Clvrdle
1^ G Iilaslnjane & wf.
Fresno
Mrs M Buchanan, Oak
W F Parker. Loa Angl
J M Canty, Cal
II W Bklnner. Mysvlle
O XV Churchill. CrI
A SchnabW, New Cstle
J Well, New Castle
N Wockstock, Ventura
A A W Bly, Pasadena
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
ft has been finally decided to try- Col
onel Thomas F. O'Neil by court-martial
upon a charge of having signed as cor
rect a parade report which ho knew wad
not in accordance with the facts.
The detail for the court Is as follows:
Colonel A. K. Whltton, Fifth Infantrv
Regiment: Colonel W. R. Johnson. Sixth
Infantry rtejrlment; Colonol H. I. Sey
mour, Second Infantry Regiment; Lieu
tenant Co!onel E. A. v Forbes, Second In
fantry Regiment; Lieutenant Colonel J.
F. Hayes. Fifth Infantry Regiment: Lieu
tenant Colonel Gus Cl. Grant, Sixth Infan
try Regiment; Major L. W. Juilliard,
Fifth Infantry Kosiment; Major George
W. Jones. Sixth Infantry Ketfjment; Major
William W. Greer. Second Infantry Regi
ment; Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Uwyer, J..
A. Division, judge advocate.
COLONEL O'NEIL TO BE
TRIED BY COURT-MARTIAL
PORTO RICANS SAIL FOR
THE HAWA.IIAH" ISTrANPS
Emigrants Amazed at Their Quarters
1 and the Quality of Food
Provided.
PONCE, Porto jRic6. Feb. 7.— The
steamship California sailed from here
yasterday for New Orleans with 800
J»orto Itlcans on th' Ir way to Hawaii.
The emigrants were <tmazed at the quar
ters provided for the'n and the quality of
food -furnished. ; " '
Burns & Waterhouae now have a ; half
brother to their great horse ; Eddie Jones
at their- Sacramento County -breeding es
tablishment. • Wednesday, morning. Early
Walter' Jennings finds himself without
a rider, and: after scanning over. the list
has about concluded to sign , Johnny
Woods. The Jennings stable Is more thaw
apt to foe a very formidable one this year,
and If Johnny, will get a move on he has
a chance to go to the fiont.
The additional downpour of rain, pre
cludes any chance : Canmore -. and Articu
late had of meeting again to-morrow. Wil
lie Lopez was willing, to concede Canmor.*
five pounds if the race was run in muddy
going, but Walter Jennings will . not
hearken to the proposition. This would
scarcely be> a ¦' fair teat, anyway, as the
defeat suffered by Articulate was over a
fast track. If the brown colt should take
the -measure of ; - Canmore In muddy foot-
Ing. the, questlon'of -superiority would still
be open to debate.- . ~ 4
E. C. Hopper, secretary of the American
Turf Congress and also associate judge at
Oakland, also. dropped in last nleht' from
Chicago. Mr. Hopper went East somo
weeks ago to. attend the meeting of tho
newly organized Wesiern Jockey Club. Ha
was well „ satisfied with . the way things
went, and thinks the new body will great
ly benefit. rnclnsr In the Middle West.
The ring again looked busy with ninfl
teon books on. "Kid" Wejler was a new
comer, and Barney Schrelbe'r cut in
again, after, aulto a vacation on the
ground. *¦¦ ,.
Through her agent in this city it is said
Papinta. the dancer, i» negotiating with
Ed, Lanigan for the purchase of Rubicon.
The chestnut horse Is »x grand Individual
and royally bred,' and If placed at the
head of the dancer's stud. near-Martinez,
ought to he a great success. • . ' .
Trom recent Enellah and Eastern ad
vices It Is said Milt Henry will pilot the
Keene horBes in England the coming sea
son. This probably accounts for the fact
that the Keenes were after, the services
of Mounce*to do thei.- riding on the New
York tracks. .
Martin Nathanson. the hustling secre
tary of the Harlem Jockey Club. Chicago,
arrived here, last ev-eiiine. He Is here to
see that Ills association gets Its full share
of stake entries from horsemen. . . '
Track Hates.
Or. Rowell's recent purchase. Alee,' ruled
a pronounced favorite for the closing mllo
run. He was ridden- by Henry and fin
ished fifth, the purs*}' falling to Uarda,
which beat Sunello UN3 than a length.
Milt Henry put up a very Moppy ride
on Telamon, favorite for the mile number
exclusively for three-year-olds. Waiting
when there was a- ridiculously slow pace
set, he zigzagged through the stretch and
lost out to Grafter by a half-length. Ber
nota. the well-backed one, ran third,
plainly showing a dislike for weight.
In the mile and seventy yard selling af
fair Burdock, piloted by Henry, defeated
a bunch of ragged ones. Closing a 9 to 5
ohance. the Montana' bred horse headed
Parmenion through tho stretch, winning
with plenty to spare. Racetto was third.
With Lavator.Handkapper, Torslna and
Syharls scratched from the fifth, a feeven
furlong jaunt, also decided under selling
conditions. Good Hop* -was Installed a 6 to
5 favorite, l^ater th© mare's odds drifted
to twos. Dominick n r ho had the mount,
made too much early u.-*e of her. and was
unplaced. Rollick way about the only
starter to have his price cut, and under J.
Ransch's excellent hnnulinec turned up ah
easy winner over Wyoming i and Espi
rando.
Starting for tho first time in the colors
of Caesar Young, Meehanus enjoyed a
pronounced call In the betting on the first
event, a slx-furlong sprint. He displayed
a spasmodic burst of speed and then faded
away. In a hard drive Buchanan on Sad
Sam, a 5 to 1 chance, got to the wire a
head before Rio de Altar. Selde ran third.
Rain fell almost incessantly throughout
the racing and the weather .was raw and
biting. Burdock and Waring were the
only favorites to come through.
WNER SAM HILDRETH sent
(Jl\ A\ T arlnff out again lh the six and a
11 )1 half '"rlong handicap at Tan
*\J/ foran yesterday, with 124 pounds
on hl8 hack, and this Impost both
ered the crack sprinter about as much as
a mo?qnlto bite. The Masetto horBe was
a 1 Jo 2 favorite, and made such a good
mudlark as Lennep, carrying 108 pounds,
look cheap and * trashy. Away fourth,
Henry let Warlnjr slip to the front, and
he won romping In three. lengths In 1:23.
Theory disposed of The Monk and El Mldo
for show honors. .
Six furlonKH. selling— Barney Saal won, Lake
Ftnso second, The Burllngt'jr, Route third.
Time,' l:18V4. ;. •'¦¦- '
Mll«' and a quarter, high-weight handicap-
Tragedy .won,- Dick fcFurber eecond. Free ¦ Ad
vise third. Time.:2:l*'
• Six furlongs, selling— Braw . Lad won, Lady
Curson second, 8ue Johnson third. Time,
1:16',4. - ». ¦ ¦ .
M116 and a sixteenth, handicap— Moroni won,
Waterhouse second. .'Hood's Brigade third.
Time, 1:5!H. ¦• - : ,.
Three and " a half furlongs, ¦ selling— Ardlta,
won;- BlUe .' Ridge second, Lou Woods third.
Tlme;':44. ¦',-. ' '
• Mile and. a quarter, selling— Greyforge won,
Trebor ; second, JJanquo fl third. Time. S:14.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. .' 7.~Weather
rainy: track muddy. ResuKs:
Results at New Orleans.
¦ Fourth Race — Astor,' Prestome, Anjou. '' ' ¦
'Jlfth Race— Lelf Prince, Quiz II. Homage.
Sixth . Race— Phil Archibald, ' Imperious, In
victus.
First Race— Impromptu, Raveling, . Merlda.
Second Race— Sol Llchtensteln, Rosewar, J.
V, Klrby.
Thlnl Race — Phoenlssa, Vantlne," Tlng^a.-tJng.
PTobable Winners.
Fifth Race -Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:
1772 Birdie Btone ..105 1731 Rathgar 107
1732 Cantinus .im 1750 Klngatelle !»3
1730 Cora Goetz ...105 .... timali Jack ....104
1458 Lelf Prince ...104 1730 Homage 105
1732 Konrto J.104 1632 Qulx. II 104
1724 Skip Me 93 1 1750 La Calma ....99
Sixth Race— One mile; three-year-olds and
up; selling; "¦
1760 Phil Archibald. 84 (1762)InvictUs 97
1713 Monda 107 1740 George Dewey. 81
1767 Barney P .... 96 176S Imperious Ill
1735 Billy Moore .. 98 1734 Gusto 109
1767 Rapldo ...:,. "..101 ¦
Fourth Race— One and a quarter miles; four
yi-nr-oMs and up; purse:
(1767)Prestomo ....;.106;<1763)A8tor Ill
1738 Antloch t . ..llli 1773 Bogus Bill ...10U
1765 Anjou .£ 1C9. 1733 lm. Broadbrim. Ill
Third Race — Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds i and up; selling:
1742 Foul Play 107 1770 Morella 100
(16lS)Del Vista 107 1761 Tlng-a-Llng ..107
(1369)Phoeniasa 107 1754 March Seven.. .107
148S Vantln« 107 .
Second Race— Three and a half furlongs:
two-year-olds; | purse: '
<17S9)Rory Ough ...113 1672 P. Llchtenst'n.llS
1721 Yraula 102 17S7 Maraschino ...103
1737 Anna B 102 (1757)Rosewar 110
1757 Constable 103 '1757 J. V. Ktrby...llO
Rose dropped a fine celt foaJ, claiming
Colonel Wheeler as his paternal parent.
' Fjank Erne, the Ilgniwelght champion,
mingled' with the crowd In the betting
ring yesterday. "Frank "has had a try at
the booking game himself around the New
York tracks. . . . .•
Johnny Bullman will have the mount ou
KavonliiH in the Burns handicap.
Johnny Schorr will .send Joe Frey to the
post In the Derby, lo be decided at the
next Tanforan meeting. MHt Henry will
have the leg up. If he is not called away
In the Interim.
Some days ago Moni3 Epplnger started
Sad Sam In a 'selling 1 ace at Tanforan,
and the sprinter was claimed by E. L.
Liger for $725. When Sam came home first
yesterday Morris boosted the price from
$8Q0 to $1200, the stable responding with tha
customary $5 bid. ' .*:•,
Following are to-day's entries:
First Race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:
1762 Eldred .........1071 1763 Merlda ..107
1732 Raveling 113i 1743 Courtier .......103
1782Aphrodls ...;., 107 1762 Gaylon Brown. 109
(1702) Impromptu 112 1695 Rasp 109
17« El Topio 112 Trtstraln 112
i:4S IUUouon 103! .... Commuter 113
By F. E. MlXJLHOLI-.A.ISriD.
Valley Road Receives Terminal Priv
ileges—Fences in Outside Dis
tricts to Come Down.
The Supervisors' Street Committee re
ported yestecdny in favor of the passago
of the ordinance granting the San Fran
cisco and San Joaauin Valley Railway
Company a franchise to construct twelve
tracks, together with all necessary
Kwitehos, from its terminal, on the north
side of Bryant street, across that stree:
to the ferry slip and wharf .on Bryant
street, between Alain and Spear, At tlm
suggestion of Chairman Curtis a condition
was Incorporated in the bill that thw
street be maintained a f . the level of tho
rails with material batisfactory to the
Hoard of Public Works. "Captain Payson,
vice president of the road, accepted tho
condition., •
The privilege Is necessary In order that
the company may handle its business
properly from the ferry slip and wharf.
The committee also recommended tho
passage of the resolution directing tho
Board of Works not to remove certain
fences obstructing streets In the Univer
sity Mound. Bay View and other outslda
districts before October 1, 1901. Repre
sentatives of the Federated Mission Im
provement Clubs appeared In opposition
to the measure, while F. CJray, M. Jlollit
and M. Johnson favoied Its passage on
the ground that the milkmen in the dis
tricts named required time to move away.
An ordinance providing for the naviiur
of Pine street, between Sansome and Bat
tery, with asphalt on a concrete base,
was recommended for passage.
The Supervisors' Fire Committee yes
terday directed the chief of the dep'art
ment of electricity to report on the peti
tion of the American District Telegraph
Company for the designation of common
points for the crossing of certain streets
by overhead wires or cables. A number
of petitions. Including that of the Olympic
Club, for a permit to store crude petro
leum to be used as fuel under boilers were
referred to the Fire Marshal.
MAY BUILD TRACKS
ACROSS BRYANT STREET
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
TANFORAN PARK, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7.— Weather shower>'. Track muddy.
1708. FIRST_RACE_-Slx furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $tOO.
I ' |P°-f * "~~~~ , '—— Bettlns
IndexlHorse, Age, Weight.) Pst St. H. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl, PL
1737 Sad Sam. 3 102 1 2 in 22 lh 1 h Buchanan .. S' 5 »-2 5-3
1638 Rio de Altar, 3. .105 4 4 4% 32 22 24 Alexander ..10 25 20 5
J7« Seide. 3 ....107 2 1 221n3 4.3X Henry 6 7 7 2
1748 Toah. 3 ..........106 8 8 62 68 41 4 4 O'Connor... S 8 7 2
1619 Meehanus. 5 ,...115 6 3 3n 4 M 5 1 5 2 T. Burns.... 6-5 6-3 3-2 „ 3-5
36S7 Prestidigitator, 4.112 3 T 7 4 7 8 6 3 6 3 Mounce .... 3 « 11-4 ;-' t
1617 St. Wood. 5 115 7 5 6 2 8 2 7 8 7 10 Dominick .. 23 50 60 . 18
13S3 Vn Cadeau. 4....11? 5 | 8 8 -? 8 8 8 J. Paly..... 50 100 100 30
Tim^-i,;. :iV,i; H. M9r *i. 1:16^4. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, E. L.
Llger's ch. g. by Hancocas-Heeley. 'Sam atqod a hard drive gamely. Alexander made a
short turn Into the stretch with Altar, saving . ground. Selde quit. Toah outclassed.
Meehanus passed It up. Prestidigitator did some mystifying tricks. Scratched—Edln
borough 115. . '. . . ¦ - x --.'.. ;
170ft. SECOND RACE— One mile; three-year-olds; purse, $400. v *
I IPo.l ' ¦ .¦ ~ ~ , . , . . Betting
Index [Horse and Weight. |PstJSt. %. Str. E Fln. Jockeys. Op. Hi.. Cl. PL
dim lOrafter 109 3 1 J« j n In 1 H T. Burns.... 2 3 B-3 1-8
(1729) Telamon 117 4 232 1h 22 2 3 • Henry 3-2 8-5 7-5 1-8.
1743 Bernota 109 2 3 41 48 8 2 J 1 /t O'Connor ... 2 12-5 11-5 . 1-2
1748 Ada N ....107 5 4 5 6 4 4 48 r\ Kelly.... 20 20 20 4
1741 Loneliness 107 IB In. 23 S 5 : Dominick .. SO 80 60 10
Time— U. :27: H. :3S; »i. 1:20; mile, 1:47V4. OooM start! Won first three driving. Winner,
\j. A. nitisinjrame's b. g. by Cicero-Leap Tear. Grafter got his again, and cunningly..
Henry rode Telamon as If he were yanking door bells and 'peddling "spuds." Everybody
waltzed the first part. Too much ballast for Bernota to handle. Ada N did her best^ _
1770. THIRD RACE— Mile and 70 yards; selling; : four-year-olds and up; purse. .1400.
T~" TPoX 1 ~ ! i ' 7. /' ¦ Betting
Index IHorse, Age, Weight. | Pat | St. tf. U- Str. Fin. Jockeys. I Op. Hi.. CL PL
175? Burdock. 4 .......107 5 4 4 1 4 1 In Mi Henry 8-5 2 9-5 .S-B.
1754 Parmonlon, 4 ....101 13 lh 22 ?1 2 5 Buchanan. .. 5-1 4 3 1
1758 Racetto, 4 107 4 2 21 313 3 3 5 O'Connor ... 3 B » 5 9-5
173S iMorelia. 4 89 2 7.3H 14 41 41 Ransch 20 25 18 «
1762 iFormatu?, 4 101 6 1 5«4B1 55 51 Mounce .... 5 6% •<i«?S. ;
1721 Sam Howard. 4. .107 76 81 65 7 6 1 Dominick ,. 8 12 12 3
1766 FiUe d'Or. 4 96| 3 5 7 7 6H 7 Fauntleroy 25 60 60 V» 15
Time— 70 yards, :05; M. :26: \$. :51%; \. 1:19H: m, 1:47; lm 70yds. 1:52. Good start. Won eas
ily. Second and third driving. Winner. I. Monehouse's br. g. by Matt Byrnes-Aura Daly.
Burdock strolled by Parmenlon when he got' rcady^ Raeettq tired. Morella away none
too well and found the route a trifle far. Sam Howard a' cripple. Scratched — Barney
F 91. .
1771. FOURTH RACE— 8lx and a half furlorxs; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; purse, $550.
Po. '• j - , . Betting— .
Index Horse. Age, Weight. Pst St. Vi. %. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. Op.. , HI. Cl. PL
(17r.6) I Waring. 4 124! 3 ~i Th \T 14 13 Henry 1-2^1-2 1-? 1-6
1633 lL«nnep. 6 10S| 53 42 21 24 28 O'Connor... 3 4 " 4 3-J
(1707) iTheorv. 5 U0| 1 1 3 133 33 83 Mounce '..... '7 10 7 $-5
.... IThe Monk. 4 110 43 6 6 4% 42 Dominick .. 30 150 160 3«
0734) IE1 MWo. 5.. ...... 9o| 2 5 2 h 4 3' 5 5 J. Daly | 12 20 15 3
T!me-3-16. :1»H; 7-16, :43V4: 6Uf, 1:23. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. S. C. Hildreth's b. h. by imp. -Masetto-The Sweeper. "Waring a fast young fel
low with speed to burn and no limit. Lenrep held the others safe. . Theory no mudder.
El M!(3o outfooted. ' _'_'_'_ 11 L'^' i'i. H'l ...... . J'_ ,
177i!. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-old* and up; purse. $4C0.
j IPo.l ' r Betting
Index IHorse, Age. Welght.jrstlSt. U. M- Str. Fin. Jockeys. I Op. HI. Cl. PL
1748 Rollick. 3 86 4 I 2 3 1 '2 h ' 1 1 1 1H I Ransch • 4 4 3 1
1717 Wyoming, a 114 56 51 5h 3 \» 2 % . [O'Connor ... 3 5 8 v 3
1734 Kfiplrando. 6 106 3 111 11 21 32 IHenry 4 9-8 3
17.19 IDandy.JIm, 3 101 15 61 3 h ¦ 6.5 4n I Mounce. ..... .6 23 15 7
(1737) ! Good Hope. .5.... 100 6 4 2 >i 41 41 52 Dominick ., 6-5 2 2 7-10
(16.W) JBoundlee 4 MS 7 17 4 h 8 1 r. h 6 15 Buchanan ... 3 6 6 2
1CG7 * IBlrdle Stone. 3... 81| 2 1 3 7 7 7 7 Rfdfern .... 20 SO 50 15
•f'me— H. :13'i: M. :2SH: »4. :5«H; %. l:30Vi- Ead start. Won easilj-. f^econd and third
driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's ch. p. by Take Notice-Happy Maiden. Ransch on
winner skimmed the rail. 1 Wyoming all out. Dandy Jim not dressed in his best. Domtnlck
made a very wide turn Into stretch, with Good 'Hope. Boundlee away poorly. Scratched—
I.avator 101. Handlcapper^ 108. Torslna 1°3- Jgrharte . J01._ ...^ .' . . _. '
t7~;j. SIXTH RACK— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and Up; purre. $330.
jp o ( . ; , Betting ->
Index Horse. Age. Welght.tPfitjSt, ; U. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CL PL
~17K6~U;arc!>». 6 ...108 11 In 3 1 1H 1 »i Buchanan .. 3 9-2 9-2 7-5
1761 ISun^llo.' 4 107 346 1 4h 24 26 T. Burns.... 3 18-5 18-5 4-5
1723 IBogus Bill. 4 107 67 7 7 6S8 4R. Murphy.. 20 20 10 4
1783 ILa Mascotta. a. .105 7 3 2 2 11 3 1 4 3 Mounce 12 40 40 8'
lnlft lAlpe 4 110 2 2 31 21 41 .63 Henry ,7-5. 3-2 7-5 1-2
1758 il-amachUB 4 110 4]<! «l-6h 65 .65 O'.Connor ... - 5 8 « 11-5
1761 ISlBquoc. 4 100 5|5 4h 6 3 ,7 .7 IStuart ...... 15 30 30 7
Tlrne—V*. :26 l ,4: M, :52: 114. 1:19: mile, l:l6Vi. Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner J.' B. F. Brownlow's b. m. by Strathmcre-Zuhlan. With better racing luck Sunello
rould have won. lie lost considerable groO^d at start by being cut off. Alee lacks game
ness apparently^ ¦ ¦ - - '
- Kennedy Bald: "I have credentials au
thorizing me to match Terry McGovern
with Hegarty, the Australian, or any
other man in the world weighing not over
126 pounds. Harris savs this Is his ulti
matum on the coast, nnd there is no
chance for McFaddcn and Terry at the
present." McFadden looks well and ap
pears to have kept himself In best of con
dition. :
CHIOAGO. Feb. 7.— .Tames 'C. Kennedy,
fight promoter, passed through Chicago
to-day on his way to San Francisco. He
was accompanied by George McFaddcn,
the lightweight, who 'joes to the Pacific
Coast to meet Dal Hawkins, on February
2S.
Govern With Hegarty.
Rennedy Authorized to . Match Me-
KID McFADDEN EN BOUTE.
LOS AXGEE.E9, Feb. 7.— Ruhlin has
made the following statement to the Her
ald representative: "Will go to Los An
geles to fight if necessary to pull _oft con
test."
Jeffries said: "Certainly I will go to Lr3
Angeles and meet Ruhiin if we find it im
possible to hold the contest in Cincinnati.
A fallow* always has n yearning to show
his friends what he cat. do."
Pelaney said: "For my part I faver
Los Angeles as the best place when hope
is «»one here." .
Hilly Madden said: "I will be willlnz to
hold the contest at Los Angeles In case
the proper financial arrangements can be
made. I am willing to aacrifice some
money to gain my end "
A local promoter offers 75 per cent of th<j
net. receipts.
in That City.
MAY FIGHT IN LOS ANOEJ-ES.
All of the Principals Willing to Mest
In the arguments to-day between coun
sel as to the competency of evidence and
the submitting: of certain documents there
were sharp allusions to tho action of Gov
ernor Nasn In wTitinar to the Sheriff and
ProeBCUtins Attorney regarding the pro
posed contest while it was belne tried on
its merits in the courts. These argu
ments showed that' tho principal Issue 13
¦whether the event of February 13 will be
a boxing contest or a prizefight. , j
If a permanent Injunction is granted
against the event as a nuisance the de
fendants announce that they will deny tho
jurisdiction of the court.
¦ Attorney General Sheets addressed the
court In defense of the action of Governor :
Nash, whom, he said, was doing what the
Governor of all other States would do
except the Governor of Nevada. The
questions propounded to the directors of
the Saengerfest Athletic Association as
to what they knew about athletics In
general and the rules of the Marauls of
Queensberry governing fights In particu
lar led to bitter disputes to-dav.
W. M. Hobart was ;lie tint witness for
the defense. He Is a distiller and inter
ested In many Industries In the city. H#
was formerly president of the Chamber of
Commerce and president of the Cincinnati
Musical Festival for many years. He tes
tified to the work • of the Saengerftoi
board, which was building a hall for $33,000
in 1899. and after Its collapse the board
sTpent 1100.000 on the buiiding and thus in
curred a debt of about $65,000 In excess of
what had been raised for the Saengerfest
Hall. The Saenserfest directors are still
carrying this debt and have devised va
rious plans for its liquidation, including
the. proposed contest between Jeffries and
Ruhlin and Martin and Childs. Judge
Harmon objected tojthe testimony of IIo
bart, holding that Bidebtedness, even for
public-spirited enterprises, was not justi
fication for a benefit performance in vio
lation of law. The objection was-'over
ruled. The fact was developed that Ho
bart was a church member and superin
tendent'of a Sunday-3chool. Asked why*
he did not listen to the appeals of the mln,
isterlal associations. Hobart said the min
isters were mistaken. They thought there
was to be a prizefight, when the Baenger
fest Athletic Association had the Mayor's
permit for a boxing contest.
CINCINNATI, Feb. 7.— In th« hearing
on 'the application for an injunction
against the Jeffries-Kuhlln prizefight,
scheduled to occur February 15, the de
fendants offered testimony to-day and will
continue to-morrow. The arguments will
be made Saturday and the decision of
Judge Hollister will probably be reserved
until next week.
Testimony Develops the Fact That
the Principal Promoter of the
Big Fight Is a Church
Uembsr.
Attorney for Jeffries
and Ruhlin.
Ohio's Ex«cutive Scored by
GOVERNOR NASH
IS CRI TICIZED
National Club Gets Permit.
The Supervisors' Police Committee re
ported yesterday in favor of the petition
of the National Sporting Club to hold a
boxing exhibition in March. Manager
Groom stated that Matty Matthews, the
champion welterweight of America and
Otto Cribb, the champion of Australia,
were matched. The Bay City Amateur
Athletic Club was also granted a permit
for a boxing exhibition next month In its
gymnasium.
The committee recommended the in
definite postponement of the ordinance
imposing a license of $G0 per quarter on
pawnbrokers. The old ordinance,' fixing
the license of $31 per quarter,, is still in
force.
Buffalo Lightweight Arrives at the
Palace and Will Rsmain in
This City Until \
Frank, Erne, a champion until he met
Terry McGpvern at reduced weight ' last
July, gilded softly into San Francisco yes
terday, unheralded and unannounced, and
is flow stopping at the Palace. He says
he came West for rest and pleasure and to
escape the severe Eastern weather and
not to fight— that is, any one but McGov
ern, whom he would be most happy to
meet at 133 pounds.
Erne's arrival Is looked upon with sus
picion, especially by the backers and man
ager of Tim Hegarty, the Australian.
Those men scent the certainty of a match
now between McGovern and Erne before
the Twentieth- Century Club, of which Jim
Kennedy Is matchmaker. Kennedy will
arrive on Saturday, ami then the tale may
or may not be told.
It seems a settled matter that McGov
ern will light before tho Twentieth Cen
tury Club, although the National Sport
ing Club has offered a big-ger guarantee.
Erne expressed himself last night as be
lrijr willing to tight before the club offer
ing the biggest puree. So the bickering
will go on, with Sam Harris, McGovern's
manager and a friend of Jim Kennedy, on
one side and Frank Erne or Hegarty's
manager on the other, with the two clubs
—the National Sporting and the Twentieth
Century — in the background.
Erne will stay here until May, at which
time he contemplates a return to the
East to study architecture. The. Twen
tieth Century Club has the April license,
and um this date is agreeable to both Erne
and McGovern, this organization looks
tho winner.
¦ ¦ t •
Anxious to Meet McGovern
for Biggest Purse
Offered: :
ERNE IS AFTER
TERRY'S SCALP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1901.
Runs Away From; Lenne{i) in the Handicap
at Tanforan— Four Choices Fall./
WARING A CULTURED
SORT OF MUD RUNNER
11
RAILWAY TKAVEL.
Santa F?e -
Trains—paiiy.
. L«av» Market-St^t Ferry Depot.
Local { Llm'dlOvrl'd L^cal
Dally.} Dally.l Daily. Dally.
Lv. San Frah 1 7:20 a « 9:00 a I 8:00 p 4:29 p
Ar. Stockton 10:25 a |U:43 a ill:Ci p 7:25 p
"Merced .. 12:23 p f 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 pi 2:35 p I 3:05 a
" Hanford 4:!2 p J J:K p | 7:04 a
" Vls&lla -. .4:10 pi 4:10^ 4:41a
"Tulare .. 4:27p3 4:!7p 5:05 a
" Bksfield . 6:50pU:20p 7:30a
" Kan. City i 2M1 a 7:J0a,
"Chicago |3:15p|Q;0Op
a for. morning:, p for afternoon.
9:C0 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palaco Sleeplnr Cars and Dining;
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. xo second clasa
tickets are honored on this train. Cor''
responding train arrives at 5:55 p.m. dally. .
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
' Ing train arrives at 11:05 a. rn. dally.
8:00 d. m. la the Overland Excress. with
through Palace and Tourist Sleejaera and
. free Reclinlncr Chair Car. also . Palace
Sleei>er, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:S5 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San ' Joaquln Valley. Cor-
r«fcpondlnir train arrives at 8 :4» a. m." dally.
.*Offices— «1 Market stpeet and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; HIS Broadway. Oak-.
land. -
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vl« S«4J»altt* ferry.
'.--¦". Commencing September 30. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
, ' . AND SAN RAFAEL.
-WEEK DAYS-6U5. •9:15. 11:00 a. m.. *1:45.
S;15, 4:C0, 6:15, *6:15. «:40 p. m. . _..
- EXTRA ; TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. ro.
8UNDAYS-»8:C0, »10:C0, ¦•11:30 'a. m., •1:15,
J:15. •4:43.<:S0. 9:C0 p, ro, -,
- Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAELVTO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:2Oj •««), 7:45, 9:30 a. m.,
*12:30, 1:45, *Z:iO, 4:30, 5:20 p. Jn.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. m.
¦ SUNDAYS—*:*), •»:0O. «10:C0, »11:45 a. m..
•1:40, *2:15, 4:45. •«:» p. m.
Trains marked ¦(*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRANCISCO.
- WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 8:45. 7:S5. 9:30 a. m..
12:35. 2:10, 3:30. 4:14. 5:20 p. m.
¦¦ EXTRA TRIPS on' Mondays. Wednesdays
tr.fl Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. ro. •
SUNDAYS-8:15, 10:03 a. m,, 12:03. 2:15, 3:30,
E:0O, 6:45 p. rn. ¦ J*lMte»mKmuiamkuHto
'-.¦' THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. . m. week r days— Cazadero and wit
stations. • ¦
i 1:45 -p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations.
. S:CO a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way
stations.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
I DEBCBT caution <"he public against pur-
< naslr.g tUjceis or coupons Trom C. K. CLAV-
7UTJNE twho Eisni hmUflf C. E. C); said
:!<-kPt?. oourcr.s and sample case of photos
bstiaf twn tsken without my consent from
:ny studio, cr.d will not be honored if pre-
BCStW. as said CLATBIJRNB was dlKchare^d
sb an BSTPnt on January 13. CHAS. JOHN-
PON. rhotographfr. to Third st.
BAI> tpr.ants ejorted fcr »4; rollectlcns raaJe;
city or countrj-. PACIFIC COLT,E<TION CO..
4-... Mortcomery gt.. rooms S-10: tel. lZ%0.
EJBWEEQ MACHINES AXD StTPLIES.
MJ* klixlF boupht. Fold ami nrairinK ftuaran-
3S13 Mission. nr.lSth.
AlvL Kinds bouRht. soM, rer.tc-1, rxchanped, re-
paired; cpen cvfa.; ihong Black 1121. 205 4th.
ROCQgT. sold. rent«5. r*pair«Hl; reddle* and
shutTl-y; roiu.^q rsicy. Ub Cth; phone Mint 5.
STORAGK AXD WAP-EHOl'SES?
PIERCL'-UODOLPH Ptora^e and Moving~Co~
offirc. rpi-t and I'owrll Ft*.; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN* WEST Storage Warehouse. ?40 Mis-
yion yt.; tel. Mint JS2L F. W.ZEItFUSS.
EKKINS Van sr.d f=tora«re Co. 7^ M*a«icn et •
I"'.. Main 1M9; shipplrp at cut r»t{vg;^\
TVPEWHITEKS AXD S Clf^XTSy. ,
CHEAT BAUOAINP IN' TTPEWRlTViksllw*
soil better ir.arhine-f for let's inn'ne.v*han*nnV
hou<=e in t5:<- <ity: rentals. $3.iThe TjVp&vi-rit!«r
Excl-.angf. .T»i California: telephono \ijahi td.
nniDKM) xoiicns: ¦ '. '„. '• ,
DIVIDEND Notice.— California WteeTAsayv
elation.— Dividend No. IS of ElxtyVceata- ti»r
«ht.re hag been declared, and ls tiaj-aWe on
tnd ait<=r Monday. February 11, I$|Cl,'iXI«th#'
Union Trust Corrpany r.f Ban Vra* isco.
Ftcck bocks will close on Tuesday. F«t>rfiary
t, 1K1. at S o'clock p. ».. up to which Uate
trsr.sters of stock may be made at the" Union
Trust Company. Vy order ot the Board of
tiirectcrj". . -. r - - M ~-
JHg^>nT_VAN|_pEnGEX. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Cora-
rany Con. A dividend. No. 26. of Seventy-
five Cents Cc) per share en the issued capi-
tal ftock cf the company has been declared.
payable at the office of the company. 4Sd
Calif on.ia rt.. San FranNsco. on February
n. 13C1. Transfer bocks close Februarj- 4,
V<n. at r.non. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 21 (thirty j
. cms per i-hart) of the Paauhau Pupar !
I'lantatfon Company will b» j^ayable at th<" j
effice of the coropary. S27 Market st.. on and J
after Monday. February 11. 1JO1. Transfer !
book* close on 5Ion<lay. Febnaary 4, ISii,
at S o'clock. K. H. BrTELDON'. P<»c.
MATiHIAGE LICENSES. j
Th«» followlns rr.arriace licenses were Issued i
jestprdcy:
Wlady^Iaus Rajewski, *3. Alarnoda, and Anna
J. FaR«T.t)<*rs. -0. Alameda.
Jou^nh A. Taylor, ft. 3S09 T-wcntieth Etreet.
and Klcra F. Bailey, •£, » JSsclie street.
Isidor Ikcnberp. 31. 1^2*j Kills street, and Hat-
tic B*>rrhardy, 23. V"S Kllic ttrott.
Alexa'idtr C. Kulnir.re. ".".. r<i Kchth street,
an.1 Kuby n. Manning, XL. Zt Highth Etreet.
Julius li. Curtis, as. s-'il Vallcjo and
Cornelia Janes, 36, S ! >1 Vallejo str*et.
kUrco I^aniii. 21. 413 \'alle.io etreet, and Ida
Tcrasj-a. la. 17J3 Stockton Ktreet.
liact-n !^ Astrup. Zi. M 1 - < ' Kariell etreet, and
Marie Ma'ar. "". MS OTarreU etreet.
Waiter \\. Davit, 21. 431 Seventh street, and
Kdithe T. Nylar.ri. l». ,^m Juan. !
Kr*-der!'-k j. IJttlefiold. 2tt. lV-er Isle. Me..
B.n<% .tospphine H. Smith, lirocksville. Me.
William Jurfiens. 21, T.7: First avenue. South j
Fan Francisco, and Anna V. Kruser, 1?, 1SJ3 ]
JiUth avenue. SoBth San FranciFco. ;
Frank A. I'arkhurst, ii. 1TM San Bruno ave- i
Tim-, hi-.-! H. Frafir, Z2. I'klali. j
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. |
Hirth. marriage an^l death, notices sent by j
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at cithpr of the :>uMic:«:lon offices and be j
indorsed with the name j»p<J residonre at p<r- j
tons authorized to have the came publtsheU.
BORN. '
WRIGHT— In this city, to the wife of George
A. \Yri«rrit. a t-on.
DIED.
Baiaire. Albert McDonnell, Catherine
Harb»r. Charles J. Mark. John A.
riranpon. William n. Mallon, John j
Hrir.km«nn. John E. Manion. John J. :
Brown. J. Vartin. 'Amelia
Burcess. Walter Mathias,' Dora
- ; n. iCdna \V. Melluish. Jennie M.
Conway. Tl^o7na^« E. Mr#«s, Enrico
• '7rin». Kll«"n J. Nisten, Ernest
r <?rtpp«. Thotnaa L. X'ost. Mary A.
Dowd. Ilurh Rutherford. Thomas
i;»rk-. Mary Hyan. Martin T.
Orore. Mary E. Schuari, Richard
lleyman. .<!uva Klncnmh. William II.
Kir.'hner Airs. Tl. t-tnlth. Albert F*.
/.loyd. A<mes M. Talcott, liatrey D.
McCarthj-. Mrs. Brid- White. Mcro'
fzei K. Wuodworth. Ccrnella
HAIiAIRH— In this city. February 5. 19C1. Al-
b»-rt Hadaire. beloved husband of Mrs. Laura
Radairr, a native of. France, aged 3T years 2
months and 17 days.
C^Krir-iKSs and acquaintance? are respect-
fully invitrf to attend the funeral this day
« Friday', at 1:35 o'clock, from the pariora
of J. B. Oodfau. S°a Montgomery avenue,
thfnce to I. O. O. F. Hall, comer Seventh
F.r.j Maikc-t ttreets. where services will be
held ur.der trie ausplcs of Franco-American
I^«iKP No. 207. I- O. O. K.
EARHEH— In L*)» Anfrelep, Charles J. Barber,
beloved father of 15. H. Barber and Mrs. A.
H. I>ay, a native of Rhode Island, aired 73
rears 3 months and 22 days, i Grass Valley
an--; i:ureka papers Ele»*e copy.)
(TTTiurtal thi^ day (Friday), at 11 o'clock,
at I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
BRANSON— In thi* city, February 6. 1301,
William B.. }>clove<l hupband of Charlott-
Hrtnwn. and rirother of Tliomafs Branson. &
r.ativ» of HeV.ldon, Ensland. a«ed 46 ytars
and 10 months.
{^Friends zrA arouair.tar.res are reEi«>ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday^, at 2:30 o'clock, frfim the funeral
I crlirs of JoFeph ITapan. ITL'7 Sacramento
Ftr«>rt. rear Tolk. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
EKINKMAXX— In this city. Ffbruary 6. 1901.
Jc-r.n Edwin, beloved eon- of Charl»i> and
Eilen Brinkmann. and brother cf Mir.:;;,,
Lena Btid liertha JJrinkmann, a native of San
Francisco, aged a years 3 months and A
day*.
ICrFriend* and acquaintances are rrspert-
tfullv Invited to attend th*> funeral this day
«Frlday>. et 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 41 Federal street, oft First, ln-
trrnent Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BROWN— In thfs city. February f. 1D01, at her
rej-'idoTire. 3X.18 I^arkin street, farah J.. t<e-
Irveri *ife of the late Alex B. : irown, a na-
tive of New York.
|T7Tli<> funeral will take titee this «iay
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late r^F!-
«dr'-e. "lSlg ! .. ¦ • n Ftreet. Interinent privat».
BlRGEfS — In this city. February T, 1SK)1, Wai
ter, belov<"l infant son of Jjeonora and
GeotTC BW**M. a native of Aiameda, ageU |
I year ar.d 4 months.
C>H1I.L-Ir. Cskiani. February <i. 1W1. Edr.a
W beloved dauehter ol I'atric 1 * and Emnu
F.Cehill. aged 20 years.
C7 Friends and aocuaintance* are reerect-
fully invi^d to attend the fun?ral services,
to be held at the residence of her parent*.
1C1" Fifty-sixth street. Oakland (Golden Gate
Klat'.on). this day (Friday). *t 2 o'clock.
Infmient private.
CONWAY— In tlie City and County Hospital,
jviruary «. 15*01. Thomas E. Conway. a na-
tive or Ireland, aged ZZ years.
CRANE — In this city. February 6, 1901, Ellen
J., wife of Charles "VV. Crane, a native of
Fan Francitco, eged S5 years 11 months and
rrrWneral services thfs day (Friday), at
11:30 o'clock, at the chapel In Mount Olivet
> vmflT}-.
CHIPPS-In th!s city, February 7. 190L Thomas !
L Crlpp*. beloved husband of Louise Crlpps,
t.r.d father of May, Leorane and Concilia
O:rr«. a native of Canada, ered -io years o
months and 3 -days.
DOWD- In th'f city. February <5, 1301, Hugh,
hc'.oved husband of the late Mary A. Dowd,
:«*.her cf Vary. Oeorce, Allc? and Lottie !
IK)»(1 end Mri. IT. H'-inze, and brother of
Mrf. John Swetrr.ore and the late. P. T--
IDoTvd. a native of County Ttoccommon. Ire-
land, p-god SI years 4 months and 21 days.
CXFrleni* nr.d acquaintances are refpect-
ftilly Invited to atfnd the funeral this day
t Friday), et <«:»> o'clock, from bis late reel-
•lence. . Wetrmjre street, off V.'ashinston, be-
t*-«n Powell and Maron. townee to St.
Mar>"» < "h!ijxh, corner raliforn'.a and Dupont
street!!, where a solemn requiem mass will
\>* cclebr*?e<l for the repose of his soul, com-
rreiielriS at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Ceo«t*-7. . .>-
EAKLK-In th!* city. February 7, 1001. Mary,
wife of Michael Earle, and loving mother of
J. K.. Mary ar.a Margaret Earle and Mrs.
';er,t«e W. ninke. a native of the city of
I.lmerick. Ireland, aped €1 years.
ciiTThe I'jne-rBl will take r'.at-e to-morrow
fSaturttr). fit o'clock, from ft. Joseph's
Church. Tenth ftreet. Interment Mount Cal-
vary OmrtftT.
CrtGVn— In this city. February 7. 1901. Mary
E 'Jrove, lelUt nf the late Captain Grove,
and mother of Mlr-r.ie. and Florence Grore. a
r.aiiv« of Kentucky, aged C2 years and 2
k months. fPhoerjix. Ariz., papers please cory.j
CT7Krlends and a«ju;lntance« are res:»ect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Saturday), at I o'clock, from her late regj-
flence. n?3 Suttcr ftrett. Interment Laurel
Hill Oemeter;-.
HTCYMAN— In thi* city. February 7. 190!.
Sluva, widow of the late Israel Ileyman. be-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. |
CSaccesfor to FTannaitan & Gallagher.) \
DAMF.L P. DONOVAN. Mer. !
FUNHRAL, nmECTOnS AND EMHAL.MERS. |
20 FUth fct., opposite Lincoln SchooL
Telephone South tO.
I AlcAUOV *K; CO.. |
I FL'N'ERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALllKRB. |
I 1223 Market st.. between Sth and 9th. I
| Telephone South 247. . |
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Resting
Yet
Running
made possible on the
.famous train over the
Santa Fe— 75 hours
to Chicago.
California
Limited
NOUTMKRM WAVlWtV COJIPAIT.
(rAcirio »vmtim.>
(ralM ¦••«• ••<•<• »r« tin* »• »rrl w« a*
* man ritAN«:iMro.
>» - Plain Utie. Fool ot Market 3tre«i) *^
uun — Tkoh jAnvAtiX 1. 1901. — aun
7iS0a Berlda, Buisan, Etain, V»eaTl31%
¦ ' *:>¦-¦. Kumaey »ad n»cranieuto 7il3f
7i3i»ADifI.i. WoodUad. KnighU Lkodlng.
MujiTille, Oroitlla- ''!2 P
¦t:39k AtUntio K»pres»— O«don and lul lSilSr
S:UU* Maxtines.San K»inon,Valleja SmfK
fmlif tof » «uJ SaoU ltau filSp
8:«»AMlet. Ll»e^aor^ Tr»cy. LathroR
Stockton «SttS?"*U!: 7llS '
%:-Ma Sbsatk f xpr eas— Dkila. WiUiams (tn
BarUstt Springs), Willows, R«i
Bluff, PorSUiid. • 7i!3?
¦ :3ni 8>n J<««. Utennote. Stockton, %
Inn*. S*or»tiiBUtil. Pl»crr»lil9,
Mir>«»l!l-. Cbico. K««l I'.luiT 4il»p
»i»l»*O»kd»lr.Ohineso,aonor».C»rt«r»... .<«»»»
»:»O* HajwftrUi. Nilrtsod W»f SuUobs. lli«-i«
HiO«aLc« Angel* Rnwes.- Uartiues.
Tracy. L»Uirop. Stockton, Mvreed •
rrmuo and Lea ADgoIca 7>I3r
S>S*4 Vallf J<», Martinea aiwt Way Sta'.lom Bii.1r
1 0(00* The OTeiUnd LIn4*«<l-O«den. D«a.
Tor. Om&U. Chicatji •««»
1 1 mo* Nlles, Sioeklon. H»er«mentn, M«n-
dota. Fresno, Ilantofd, Vlaalla,
rort«f<HU -•-••• ««!¦»
lliOO*LI»ermore. Baoijr. Qothoii Job*
Uon. Bikenfteld. Lo« A.nael«»
tl:»0r 8aCTam«nt« Klier 6tejinoia.. ....... t»>«"*
3:«>wr HajwarJu. Nll«s »nd Waj Button*. «««P
4iW»r kUtthiM, Kan lUipon. Vallejo.
N»««. C»11»»o'ia. Itosa »il»»
4>oop Ilnnicla, Winters, 8«or»menl^
Woo.llaml, KnlgUU Lauding,
MarysilUo.OraiilU ••**¦?
4iS»r H»yw»rds, Mle« a«<t »an .la**...... ?"'*"*
aiOOr Niies, Li»ermor«, Stocktoa lodl ... IUjIS*
f 3«O0p Bantel Umited. El PMO. N»w
Orle«n» *nd Ei«t. #10:15a
S:O«PThn Owl Umlied-Trae*. Fttvto.
B*k«r»aeld. 8angu» fur ttauU Ba*-
' bar». Los Anmlea.. ............... l«»i»*
OiOUP N«w Orl«»ni ExMeM-B»ken««M.
HauU l!nrli»r». J.ci Angolet. Ueio*
Ing. El Paso, New Otle«u» and
y..>- ¦-¦-.¦ Till 4
' t:««r naiwardiCN'il'OT»ndH»i» Jo«e .I'l'Z*
4«iOOrVail«Ji> -• Ili-M*
«iO»rOrfenUl Man-OfJen. Chejenn*
Omaha. Ohletfa I»:13p
OiO«p Orieutal Mall-Ogden, Denver.
OmaUa. Chiowo «iI9r
7>«»r <)r«KOM and California KzpraM Hao-
ruiumitii, MarisiUle. Uwl.Hng.
r,,itl»inl. I'ligei Huiltid ami l;U*l >:1S»
Mt«.ip8*B P»Wo. F'"» ««•»*> Mirtiao
and Way 8t.UouS *i!i'i*
1«.-O3r Vallfj.. .. 7 "« f
COAST l»msnn <^»rro»T U.xh**).
{ Foot ol M.irkrt8tre»l->
KilSa Ne«ark.l>i>turiill0.Haj.losa. Poltmi.
Bouia»rCir«k,aautaOiii»andYVa»
bUtiun* -• ••. •»*•»
tail»F Newark. Cent«r«Uto. San .foie. Nuw
Alinailea. F«ltnn. llonlder Creek.
Bant* ftu» and 1'ilualpal "»»..__- .
Statlous.... '«'?«*
4»l»r Newark. S»n Jos«, I*>* G»t« •«»•»
a»:30r Hunten' Excursion, Ban Jom ana _ A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSH fRiSClSCa— fo>l .f MMktl Slr«.» (Sllf S)—
t7;U >:00 11:00a.m. 1:00 S;00 f :13pm.
From Oakland— Foot of Broa<Jway.-t« t» 1*M
10:(0a.in. K:00 t:00 l:00p.in.
COAST III Vision (UntaiHiftage}.
(Thlril nnd Townneiul SU.)
"irt.io* Ocean Vie*, iionth rtan » 1 rauci»o.».. t»'««'
7.OO* Han Jo.e ihhI Way SUtloi.t (New
Almaileii \Ve.ln«»day« only) ItSUP
••••a H»u J.Mie. Tim Tlnoa. H»nt« Cm*.
Pacific «!<»' n. I'asn K«bl«», 8m
Luis Ol.tap» k»tt. I^mpoc a.hl
Principal, Wly SUtlmm , «•»•»
!<»«•>* Ban J»ae aiMJWay SUtlon* ««*J»
t«»-t»r Svi Mmtm. I9«Iwoo.|. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, |>tlU Clara. 8ai> .!»••,
Ttt» Plnot, Sanu «:rus, 8«llna»,
Monterey a»M Paellio tlro»» fl 5 l 27,t
*a:X«r Saa Joaa and ¦\Vay.Sl«tlona Z .!> r
IlliaJiMjo.I.au.tCrlniiWW.ySt.Mona •««*
13iO«r8an Jose. Loa Oatoa and Yrinctp»»
S:SOp San Jow au.l iVlneVpal Way SUHoni •«» »
•iSWrSanJoaeand Way«tatlom *l',a*t
qll:45r San Jc«e»utl Way aution 7»»«f
' AforMorui...
tflmi«layeiwpted. ..7^ I ¦¦«¦»>•¦•;
• Mondij*. WcdneaAin. frldaji.
e Tiuaaays. Tburidaji. Son(UTi>
I a Satttrd&v only.
CALIFORNIA NORTBW-ESTEBN IT. Ca
r SAff FRANCISCO .AMD NOBTB PACIFIC
I RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon ferry. Foot of Market Sc
' fian Francisco tr» Sun Rafael.
TIBURON FERRY-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
. WEEK DAYS-7:*,. »:00. 11:00 a. m.: U:J5. J:».
6:10. 1:10 p. m. Thuradara-Cxtra. trip at U:»
p. m. Saturday*— Extra - trips at 1:M aa<t
SUNDAYS^! :00. I: SO. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 1:10. S:0«.
1:20 p. tn.
San riuiiiet to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:S0. S:M. U:10 a. m.; U:«.
3:40. 5:13 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at 1:U
and 1:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-S:10. *;«. U:M a. m.: 1:4ft, 1:49. 5:0t.
£:2J & m.
Between Saa Francisco and ftuhuetiea Park.
same schedule aa a-boTe. ,^_______^_
L^ave I In Effect I ." ArrtT»
San Francisco. I Nor. 7. 1300. | $«n Frandaco.
Week I Sun- I I I J^««»»
Days. I daya. f Destination. | daym. | D»y»-
7:S0am 1:00 am Novato. 1«:« am 1:40 an,
1:20 pm 9:30 am Petalutna, 8:06 pm 10:» am
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 1^3 pta
Faltoa. (
7:30 am Windsor. ' M» aa
Bealdiburs.
I Lytton,
i Ofyservllle.
»:J0 pm 8:00 am Clorerdale. 7 -J5 pm t:JJ pm
7:30 ami ~~ I Hopland I I
1 1:00 amj and Uktah. | 7:» pm| »:O pm
TJOam I M:25 am
8:00 am GuernsTllle. I T:SS pm
8:30 pm J «:C pm
\ 7:30 am S:00 am Sonoma . 1 :15 am 8:O am
V *nd
t;18 pm t:CO pm Glen Ellen. «:0S pm »:M pm
1:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 «m|»:» am
1:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebaatopol.' I 7:» pm| «:Hpra
¦ SiiSts connect at Santa Rota for Mark West
I Eprlcics and White Sulphur Sprint*; at Pulton
tor Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Spring •: %t
GeyservlUe for Ekag»s Springs; at Clovardala
for tbo Geysers: at Hopland for Dancaa
Bprlnjs. Highland Springs, K«lseyvllle, Carl»»
bad Sprint*. Soda Bay. Lakep/Jrt and Bartlrtt
Springs; at Clciah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
- Sprines. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. 'Witter
Bprlngs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
Jonn Day's, Rlvertlde, Llerley*a, Bucknell's.
Banhedrin Heights. HullvlIIe.Orfs Hot Springs.
¦ Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Utal.
WUletts. Laytonvllle. Cummins*. Belfa Sprlagm.
Karris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka. ¦ -
' Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate*. ¦ w
, On Sundays, round-trip tlckiti to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
i Ticket of Res, (SO Market at.. Chronicle build-
. lr». **- X. RYJLN.
H. C. WKITIXO, Oen. Pas* Agt.
Gtn. Manager.
. JOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ftrry:
¦ WEEK DAYS. ...9:13 a. m.: 1:43 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS S:CO. 10:60. U:*> and 1:15 p. m.
' Fare, San Francisco to Summit and return.
II 40.
. NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
. Ticket offices. «n Market st.. Sausallto Ferry.
it /^«V . Dr» Gibbon's Dispensary,
A-t«"Jp§ 621) MEAR.VY .ST. Establish*!
£i"1r" "^1" 1*3-* for the treatment nf I'riyat*
f BB I r> zwf !>'¦¦«•»¦'««'. IJ»t M«nboexJ. Debility or
BB*Wf'*jBft l ti"Tn ""*' 1 hodyanitnilml and
y O§WBllPS sl(ln Di s «>»*e3. The Doctorcareswhfn
BKnthers fall. Try him. ('barge* low.
y NKBySuWI iir> « irunrnnlwd. Callorwrila.
Dr. JT7*'. 41IBBOX. ban Traadsco, Cal.
loved mother of Mrs. U Green and the late
Mrs. Minna Cohen, a native of Kolmav,
l*rui>s!a, aped 84 vears and 11 months.
. u-^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ttn funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
Mrs. L. Green. COJ Octavia street. . Inter-
ment New S-'alem Cemetery. ¦
KIRCHXEri— In Oakland. February E. 1901.
airs. Klizabeth Kirchner. beloved wife of
William Kirchner, and beloved sister of Mrs.
I-uey Flynn, a native of- Wlcklow, Ireland,
aged 47 yesars 9 months and 19 days. -
0-^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at ! o'clock, at the resi-
dence of her Bister. 1405 Eleventh .street,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
'ery. •:>.-,
L.IX3YD— In Oakland. February 7. 1301. at 1723
Market street, Agnes M.. Infant daughter of
George A. and Agnes Taylor I^loyd, a native
"f Oakland, aged 4 months.
MCCARTHY— In this city. February 5. 1901,
Mrs. Bridget E. McCarthy, a native of Ire-
land.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
. (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1512 Howard street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem mass -will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock; Interment Holy
Ctofs Cemetery-
McDOXNEU^In this city. February 7. 1901.
<at St. Mary's Hospital. Catherine McDonnell,
beloved tister cf Michael McDonnell, Mrs.
Patrick Joyner and Sitter Icnatius, a na-
tive of County Meath. Ireland.
tyrhe funeral will take- place to-morrow
(Saturday) at KJ." o'clock, from the parlors
of the Vnited Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
FtrfPt t!i°nre to Mission riolores Church.
V where a ma^s will be celebrated for th? re-
¦\I>os<> of hpr soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
"¦Crops Cemetery.
MACK— In this city, February 7. 1901. John
August, beloved husband of Annie Mack,
and father of Willie, Lillle, John. Lena. An-
nie ar.d Mary Mack, a native of Wurtembpr^.
cJcrrauny, ase<i i9 years 7 months and 2s
CTNoHee of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the- funeral rarlors of H. F. Maass. 917
Missi.-.n street.
MALl/»X-ln th!s city. February 5, 1901. John,
dearly btloved husband of Catherine Mallon,
and loving father of John F., Michael J. and
Kathorln«- 1). Mallon and Mrs. Mary E. Me-
Nerney, a native of County I>}ngford, Ire-
l.-«»d. A m-mber- of Fairmount Lodge No.
1 :. a. o. ir. w. '
ty Friend* and acauaintar.ees are respect-
fully -Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1S27 Green etreet. between Octavia
and Lacuna, thence to St.- Brlpid's Church.
Van Ness avenue and Broadway, where a
solemn requiem hiRh muss will be celebrates
i for the reoose of his eoul. Commencing at »
o'cloc-t. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
! MAXiON— In this city. February 6. 1901, John
| Jam*s Manidn. beloved son of John and Mag-
j prta Manicn. brother of Joseph. Klizabeth,
Franc's, Gertie and Gladys Manlon. and
j grandson of James Glynn. a native of San
Francisco, aped 16 years and 3 months.
j (C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
1 (Friday), at 2 o'clock, -{rom the residence of !
I his parents, CG2'i Clara street, between Fifth
and Sixth, thence to St. Patrick's Church.
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MARTIN— In Berkeley. February 6. 1901, Ame-
lia, dearly beloved daughter cf Mrs. and the
late C. F. Martin, and sister of Frank F..
Ueorfse J. and Charles F. Martin, a native of
(^Friend's and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of G. Iaccherl, 629 Broadway, thence
to Pt. Francis Church, where a solemn re-
quiem hiKh.mass will be celebrated fcr the
1 re' ose of her foul, commenoine at 9:30
I o'clock^. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
! MATHIAP— In Oakland. February 7. 1!>OI, at i
51S Third street. Dora, beloved dauehter of |
1 Th«^re«a and the late Charles Mathias. and |
! only fister cf Mrs. H. A. I/onKMlow, a na-
I tive of San Francisco, aged Sti years 5
« ni"nt)>F and 26 dHys.
1 KT Funeral services to-morrow (Saturday).
j at 11 o'clock, at her late home. BIS Third
i street, Oakland. Interment private, Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. San Francisco,
j MF.I.LI'IPII— In Oakland, February 7. 1S01. at
J 1S10 Grove street. Jennie M.. beloved mother i
I of Grace L. and Olive Li. MelluiFh. a native j
(if New Jersey, aced 45 years 9 months and
I'i da;-e.
ty Friends- and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 8 o'clock, at her
late home, 1310 Grove street. Oakland, Cal.
Interment private, at Pan Francisco.
IXOSB&— la the City and County HoFpital.
February 6. 1901. Enrico Mopes, a native of
I Turkey, "aged 25 years.
1 NI?SEX— In this city, February 6, 1901, Ernest
i M.°srn. beloved rodfather of Ernest Smith,
I ami beloved friend of John II. and Emma M.
I I-. Smith, a native of HeHiirenhar^n. Holstein.
1 «}<*rmany. afd 72 years 11 months and 21
days.
(L5"Frl**n<1s ar.d acquaintance* are respect-
fully !nvit»d to attend the funeral thfs day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par- I
lors of II. F. Maass. 917 Mission street. In- j
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
POST— In this city. February 6, 19C1, Mary A.
Post, beloved mother of Marcel C. and George
«\ Fo*t. a native of Middletown, N. Y., ag»d
€2 vpfrs and 24 days.
t!7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. ?-1I2 Mission *tr*et. between Twenty-
first and Tw»-nty-p£cond. Interment private.
V>3f» omit flowers.
RUTHERFORD— In this city, February 6, 1301,
Thomas Rutherford, father of the late 1 L.
ITutherford, and grandfather of T. L. .and
George Y. Rutherford, a native of Wad-; ing-
ton, Lawrence County. N." Y.. asfj: SS
vcars 11 month? and 2 days. ' 5
CTTuneral services will be held this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, at his late resid' nee,
1212 Hyde street. Interment private. J
IIYAX-I:i this city. February 6, ]901. M«rtln
T., fcelovfd t-on of- Thomas I* and Kllzifbeth
Ityan, and dearly beloved brother of Kathleen
Ryan, a native of San Francisco, acid IS
vears and 8 months. :
(CTTriends and acquaintances are rej-pect-
fullr invited to attend the funeral thlrs. day ¦
< Friday », at 10 SO o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 15S3 Folsom Ftreet, thence to SU Jo-
•eph'a (."hurch. where a solemn requiem mai»s
¦will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Ceraetery.
SCHWARZ-In this city. February ¦'. 3901.
Richard, beloved husband of Elise Sch'varz.
and father of Tlllie and Freddie Schwj-rz. a
native of Thuringen. Germany, aced 51 ..-ears
6 months and 21 days. A member of O »lden
W«st Tent Xo. SS, Kniphts of the Macc.beeg.
fXTFriends and acquaintances and me ibera
rf abuve order are respectfully invited to at-
t'-nd the f-uneral this day (Friday), at 2
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Tl iodor
Dieiks, Si? Mission itreet. between F1ff:i and
Sixth. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
SLOrOMB-ln this city, February 6. 1901.: "Wil-
liam Henry, husband of I>r. Lucy I'i Slo-
'¦::.!'. a native of Massachusetts. Ofassa-
chusetts papers pleaee coiiy.)
CTFuneral eenioes will be heM thl» day
(Friday), at 12 o'clock, at the chaj^l^ Odd
FellotM"' CVmeterj-. J
SMITH—ID Uila city. February T. 1901. .ilhert
F, beloved son of Albert and Aoatha
I Smith, a native of California, ajred 3 vears
2 rr.or.ths and 12 dayp. £
TALrOTT— In this city. February B. J 1SC1.
Harvey D.. 1>»luved husband of «eorf-^a S.
Talcott, and father of John and Doroth* Tal-
r cott, a native of lTerklmer County,- New
York, nged M years 10 months an<l 12 {'lays.
J CT'Frien'l!" Rnd acquaintances Hre re^iwct-
fully to attend th^ funeral tt*-m**rrow
fSatarOay). at 2 o'clock, from Central M. Ii.
'"hurrh, Miaflon street, l)etween Slxt)s nnd
Seventh, Interment Cemetery Re-
mains at thu funeral parlors of Char'i?s H.
Jacob & Co., 31$ Mason street, between
O'Karrell and Geary.
WllITK— In this city. Februan* ". V0U Mercy,
widov/ of the late AVilllam White, an-5
rnothcr of William. H*nry. Walter an'i An-
nie Whlto and Mm. Kdward I/urke*. a na-
tive at England, aged ei yeara 1 month and
6 days. -
ICT Friend* are rerpectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday}, at 2
o'clock, from her late residence. H7 Buena
Vista avenue, between Waller and Frederick
streets. Interment I. O. O. K. Cemetery.
WOODWOR.TH— in this city. February (, 1301.
Cornelia J.»B., wife of Rev. James WooJ-
worth, daughter of the late Weston F. Birch,
and eister of James T. Birch of St. Louis.
Mo.
lETFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funf-ral services to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, at Trinity Tresbyierlan
Church. Twenty-third and Capp streets. In-
| terment Cypress U»n Cemetery.Pacific Mail Fails to Respond and
• Merchants Decide to Get To-
A mating; that may result in the iub
stdUJnir of a steamship line, to give San
FrjEcAcrf direct connection with, the Phil
/WMnokrifoU be held next Thursday afer
.iio6n'.Sp> the rooms of the San Francisco
•Board/ bt^Trade. Something like two
mruitjjuj-asr'a'the San Francisco Board of
Tririe.y which . embraces in. Its memter
shlp'nearljn r ail tho wholesale houses ,.,*
fche city', addressed a communication to
,th«r Pacific Mall Steamship Company offi
elajs/asyins that something: might be ar
r»AsI to Elve the connection with ila
n.Wrthrtt was desired. It was set fort i
that'tner© Is a direct line from New York
to Manila and that a lino was about to
begin operation from Tacoma, s^> that th>?
market was in a way to pass into other
hands if something: could not be do»« ta
give San Francisco a -fair chaa.ee with
its competitors.
It was suggested at that tins that a
connection at Hongkong might be of some
avail. No answer has be-in received to
this communication except a brief not«
to the effect that Mr. Schwpr.n would
take the matter up on, his return from tho
East. He has been home yorr.o tine, bu
the merchants have not heari anythlntr
from him concerning the lnter.rtonsVvf t ha
Pacific Mail. Finally they bare eotj e to
the conclusion that a general meeting of
all the manufacturing and merchaadisliur
and shipping Interests of the city « 3
vlsable. Yesterday a tall for a •nee* i n J f
of committees representing th? -Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association thj
Chamber of Commerce, the San Franciac->
Board of Trade, the biiiD Owners' Asm*
elation and the Merchants' and Produce
exchanges, to discuss the situation ?r.,i m
take some action If deemed advisable, wi*
sent out. The merchants. manufa-:ur<:r*
and producers all arjrue that it is difflc;.t
when, others have the trade field to re
cover it. A general response to tha call
is expected.
Meeting- of Representatives
of Commercial Bodiss
Is Called.
SEEKING DIRECT
LINE TO MANILA
FATAL PLUNGE DOWN THE STAIRS OF A BUSH-STREET LODGING
HOUSE. ONE OF THE COMBATANTS IS DEAD FROM HIS INJU
RIES. THE OTHER A PRISONER.
Defaulting Messenger Boy.
J. !£. Corcoran of tho American District
Telegraph Company secured a warrant
from Judge Fritz yesterday for the ar
rest of George McLeo-3. a messenger boy.
on the charge of felony-embezzlement, it
is alleged that the boy was sent Wednes
day to Mr. Schlesinger, 54 Geary street,
who gave him a letter with $80 to deliver.
He failed to deliver the messaee and has
rot been seen since.
were dressed alike in dainty gowns of
white gauze over white silk. They car
ried shower bouquets of pink carnations.
Dr. Welty is a. prominent physican of
Cleveland, Ohio." and his fair young bride
is the only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W.
S. Wood.
Dr. and Mrs. Welty will spend several
weeks on this coast before proceeding to
their future home in Cleveland. .
Testimonial to Hammersmith.
Despite the inclement weather last
night, there was a large attendance at
the farewell testimonial tendered George
Hammersmith, the versatile young come
dian, who leaves shortly for the East to
enter tho vaudeville world. An excellent
programme was rendered and greatly en-'
joyed by those who tilled Native Sons'
Hall. Mr. Hammersmith gave a number
of his clever impersonations. " Amonf
those who.assisted in the programme were
Miss Millie Flynn, J. F. Veaco, Miss Ruby
Dawson, Harry Wood Brown, W. J.
Hynes, Mrs. J. E. Birmingham and the
Empire City Quartet now appearing at
tho Orpheum. • .
R. CULLEN F. WELTY and Miss
Eleanor Wood were married yes
terday afternoon at 3 o'clock at
_ St. Luke's. Bishop Nichols of
ficiating. The church was hand
somely decorated with palms and ferns
and a large and fashionable audience
crowded the sacred edifice to the doors.
The bride was attended by Miss Louise
Boy'd. who officiated as maid of honor,
and Miss Julia Mott. Miss Edith Pils
bury. Miss Ethel Lincoln. Miss Louise
Schussler, Miss Katherine Spear and
Mifs Louise Breeze, who acted as brides
maids.
Mr. Hunt of Cleveland. Ohio, was best
man and "Will Breeze, Woodward "Weth
ered, Burbank Sommers, Mr. Clute of
Cleveland, Ohio, and Mr. Cartwell of De
troit. Mich., officiated as ushers.
The bride wore an elegant g-own of
white silk, in ¦which was woven a silver
thread. It was made en train and the
corEage trimmed with a bertha of point
lace. The bridal veil was held in place by
a wreath of natural orange blossoms.
The maid of honor and the bridesmaids
MRS. CL'LLEX F. "WELTY, THE BRIDE OF A PROMINENT CLEVELAND
PHYSICIAN.
Photo by Marceau.
FAVORS GERMANS
AND IS RECALLED
France Relieves Tahiti's
Governor Prom Offi
» cial Duty.
Islanders Declare Partiality Was
Shown, Appeal to the Home
Country and Edouard Petit
Will Henceforth. Rule. .
Two gentlemen wearing the title of
Governor of Tahiti have been enjoying
the hospitality of San Francisco during
the past few days. Governor Gallet, who
lias controlled the affairs of Tahiti for the
past three years, left yesterday morning
for N'ew. York, en route to Paris, where
he will be relieved cf his official duties
and placed upon thc retired list. Gov
ernor Petit eafls on Monday for Tahiti.
and upon h5s arrival in the Island will at
once take up the reins of government.
Officially it is given out that Governor
Gallet is to be retired on account of old
age. He has seen twenty-five years of
Government service and the ehows of
fifty winters have begun to whiten his
head. But back of it all there is a Gov
ernment scandal, an appeal from the citi
zens of Tahiti to the home country and
a recall which French courtesy will dis
pose of politely as "retired on account
of old age."
Gallet stand's accused of favoritism to
the Germans. The population of Tahiti
:s marie up of Frencn, English, Germans
¦ovA native?. The Government policy of
the home country is a broad and a lib
oral one. favoring equal rights for all ir
respective of nationality. GaJlet, so his
raoft generous critics declare, in wanting
to carry out his Government's policy
went beyond it. Tactlessly striving to
j-how that there was r.o longer any ill
feeling for the former enemy of the
French, he. showered favors upon there,
thereby causing considerable dissatisfac
tion and disturbing the peace of the isl
and.
The rr.atter finally reached the official
ears cf France, and French diplomacy
discovered that Gallet. who ha4 reached
the hfi'f-century mark and had seen
twenty-rive years W Government service.
must be tired and in n«>ed of a rest. And
?r, };e was recalled, and when he reaches
Paris the prolix "ex" is to precede his
¦title and a pension will repay the years
]:e fpt-nt in his country's service.
Ecouard Petit, the new Governor for
Tahiti, is a man distinguished in the dip
lomatic, scholastic and literary world,
and who brings plenty cf experience to
help him in his new duties. He is an ad
vocate, a. naval officer, and a professor
of ihe Ecole Colonial. He is well ac
quainted with colonial government and.
bmm been Governor of one of the Mada
gascar group. Many years ago he vi«
it^d Tahiti, studied the people and their
coctoma and published the result of his
observations. It is confidently expected
that Governor Petit will be able to ad
vance The commercial and social interest
of the ip'and.
Mme. Petit, the wife of the new Gov
ernor. 1? a center of considerable reputa
tion in France, where sh» is best known
by her r.ora de plume. "Aylicson." On a<~
'•num of ill heaJth she was not able to
accompany the Governor, but will join
h:m later. H^r present plans are «o
have Franre late in May and arrive in
San Francisco about the Tth of June. She
¦will th^n sail for Tahiti on the Australia
on the 2Jth of June.
Passing of Dr. Wise. *"
Dr. • Wise, tho: specialist,'! passed away
Sunday. February 3/ at his residence,' 1118
Market street. . He was: one of th«. best
known ladles' specialists in the State/ ** :
Burglars Rob a Barber.
A bold burglary ' was ; committed In the
barber shop and the residence of William
Peters at 104S McAllister street Sunday
night. From the residence coin was
taken and a large quantity of supplies
were stolen from the shop, which is in
the same building. The thieves entered
the house while the family. was spending
the evening with friends and the -police
have no clew as to their identity. ¦
»The following new suits for divorce were
filed yesterday: Frank L. Brown vs. Lulu
Brown, on the ground of infidelity. The
couple formerly lived in San Jose. Ed
ward Mason of Healdsburs is named a*
corespondent. William Wigjrtn vs. Lunle
Wlgsin, desertion: Maggie Evelyn 'Millar
vs. George Edward Millar, cruelty Caro
line Hall vs. John H. Hall, failure to pro
vide: YoskaSolotoegora vs. Ida Soloto*.
gora.. desertion: William Wagner vs. Car
rie Wasner, cruelty.
Agnes Peters was granted a divorce
yesterday from Joseph E. Peters on the
ground of cruelty.
\ eranus C. Van Etten has been granted
a divorce from Nettie C. Van Etten on the
ground of desertion.
Judge Sloss yesterday rendered Judg
ment against Delia Blum, who was seek
ing a divorce from Joseph Blum, on the
ground of cruelty. The testimony failed
to support the charge "of cruelty made by
her.
In the Divorce Court.
Mission at Holy Cross.
A mission will be opened in Holy Cross
Church next Sunday, to.be conducted by
the Paullst Fathers. On Sunday high
mass will b« celebrated at 11 a. m.; when
the opening sermon will be delivered.
Mass will be celebrated daily at 5:30, 6:30
and 9:30 a. m. and in. the evening there
will be short; instruction, rosary. -mission
sermon :,, and benediction of the blessed
sacrament. Instruction will-be given at
the 5:30 and 9 a. m. masses. The mission
will be divided, the first week being for
women and, the second for men.- •
A Desperate' Struggle.
Since the great challenge sale of the
Pa'ttoslen Company other houses have
tried to meet our prices, but they all had
to give ft up as a bad job, as the public
knows . no one . dared ' take ¦ up our chal
lenge. This great and successful sale will
continue until* further notice. Everybody
should buy now furniture and carpets at
our store while 3 prices are low. Corner
Sixteenth and Mission streets. •
Negligencs in Acknowledg
ing a Deed May Cost
Him .Dear.
Notary Public Lee D. Craig and the
sureties on his bond may yet have to pay
to Be»rend Joost, the capitalist, the sum
of J1000, which the last named is alleged
to have lost .through the negligence of
Craig in acknowledging a deed. The Su
preme Court yesterday reversed the Judg
ment on nonsuit that was awarded Craig
by the trial court and the case has been
sent back to the Superior Court for an
other trial. The decision is an important
one. as It holds that notaries public must
exercise great care in affixing their seals
to papers of a legal character.
Joost brought suit, against Craig and
his sureties for damages charged to havo
resulted from the negligence of the no
tary. The record of the case shows that
in April, 1891,. a man named Fisher, who
was a real estate broker in this city, of
fered to sell to Joost ten lots of land sit
uated In. the county of San Mateo. The
lots were part of the Abbey Homestead
Association, and Joost was familiar with
these lands, having bought a portion of
them. Ho contracted with Fisher for the
property, agreeing to pay $1000 for It.
Joost had an abstract made and found
that the title to Anderson was good. He
notified Fisher that he would, pay for the
land whenever he received a deed from
Anderson properly executed.
: A deed was produced, apparently exe
cuted by Charles A. Anderson of Redwood
City and acknowledged before Notary
Public Crais. The latter certified that
Anderson appeared before him on the 27th
day of April, 1S91. It developed later tha'
the deed was a forgery and was not exe
cuted or acknowledged by Anderson or
by any person known by that name, but
was written by one Frank fe\ Koen.
Thaough this forgery Jocst lost his $1000.
and Immediately brought suit to recover
the amount. Craig, through his counsel,
raised the point that in taking an ac
knowledgment a notary acts Judicially
and is therefore not liable in damages for
mere negligence, but the Supreme Court
held that section 801 sets this contention
at rest.
HOLDS NOTARY
CRAIG LIABLE
The wine market was treated to an
other unexpected shake up yesterday. It
came In the shape of an arbitrary ad
vance of ZW cents per gallon In the price
of ordinary clarets, making the figures
25^4 cents pej gallon for naked common
wine f. o. b." San Francisco, or SO cents
including cooperage. The increase was
declared by the California Wine Associa
tion, representing the allied houses, which
are now in absolute control of the market.
There would havo been no surprise at the
advance had it not been for the fact that
prices were raised four cents per gallon a
few weeks ago.-
The announcement caused a great deal
of discussion in the trade, among
whom it was common talk that hints had
been thrown out by the salesmen of the
lAp: corporation that another boost in
§ rices might be looked for at any time,
uch news is particularly gratifying to
the wine producers, notwithstanding the
fact that there is. comparatively speak
ing, little wine in tirst hands. The rapid
upward movement of values Is good proof
of the fact that there is a shortage of
stocks of this class of products and that
the demand warrants the action of the
controllers of the market. Furthermore,
it is a guarantee that this demand will be
sufficient to insure excellent prices for
the wines of the coming vintage and sev
eral more to come.. So far as the Inde
pendent houses are concerned, their man
agers are rubbing their hands In glee, as
they are not- responsible for putting the
prices up, but have only to follow the
course marked out by the Wine Associa
tion and reap the benefit.
"The- advance was a. proper one and
purely a business proposition." said Percy
T. Morgan,- president of the California
Wine Association, last night. "There is
a shortage in stocks of such .wines and at
the same time there is a strong demand
for them which is steadily, growing. The
advance we announced was called for by
the situation, and furthermore we are
confident that we are fully competent to
judge of conditions as to supply and de
mand. •' One thing you can state for a cer
tainty and that is that there -.will ''be no
drop. If 'anything there will be another
raise." . ¦ ¦ ¦ J r - • • .. - -
Short Supply and Strong
Demand Caus8 the
HalSG.
GRIPPED in a struggle of death.
John Campbell and C. Guy, fel
low lodgers in a house at SloVs
Bush street, rolled down a stair
way leading to their rooms at 3
o'clock yesterday morning and Guy sus
tained injuries from which he -died a few
minutes later while being removed to the
City Receiving 1 Hospital. Campbell was
arrested by Detectives Edward Gibson
and Rlordan and locked up at police head
quarters, until . on examination wounds
necessitating prompt medical attention
were discovered on his. body and he was
taken to the Receiving Hospital for
treatment. Later in " the day he was
charged with murder.
There was no witness to the encounter.
Both men had lived in the house for a
considerable time and the difficulty grew
out of the loss of $25 last Saturday, which
Campbell suspected Guy of having taken
from his clothing during his absence from
his room.
Upon being taken to the hospital it was
found, in addition to a fracture of his
skull, that Guy had broken three ribs in
his descent of the narrow stairway.
Campbell was unconscious when found by
the police and sustained a number or
braises on his face, besides numerous
other abrasions, which the physicians de-
PRICES OF WINE
AGAIN ADVANCE
knocked on his door with a view of ask
ing him to return a portion of the money
if he had taken it. There was never any
response.
"Late last night while going to my
rcom Guy suddenly confronted me In the
hallway and began an unprovoked as
sault. He was a large and woll preserved
man and I had little chance to protect
I myself. We fell from the top landing of
j tho steps to the bottom, a distance of six
teen feet. At the bottom I was uncon
scious and didn't know Guy was injured
until informed by the officers that he was
dying."
Campbell did not express regret over |
the outcome of his desperate battle
and stoutly maintained that he was for- ¦
tunato in having- escaped death when at- I
tacked by a man of Guy's superior phy?l- j
cal strength. Thf» prisoner does not •
weigh over 100 pounds, while his victim
was a man of powerful stature. Camp
bell complained of pains in his chest and
presented a generally battered appear
ance from injuries ho claimed were in
flicted by Guy.-
Campbell has always borne a good repu- j
tation in the neighborhood, where he has
lived for several years, and has worked
steadily at his trade plnce moving there
Guy was -inclined to be reticent concern
ing his former life, but told several people
at the house that hf> had lived in Oregon,
where he was legally separated from his
wife several years ago.
Rev. Peter C. Yorke delivered an ad
dress last evening at Metropolitan Temple
for the benefit of t*he parish of St. John,
Evangelist, his subject being "The Prison
of the Pope.'.'
• A large audience was present to listen
to the address and the speaker was fre
quently applauded. A pleasing musical
programme was also rendered, in which
Miss Marie Giorgiani, Miss Annie Roo
ney. Miss Etta 'Walsh and Signor Napo
leon! took part.
Eugene Murphy introduced Rev. Father
Yorke to the audience, ajid after a great
ovation Father Yorke spoke In part as
follows: ' . . ,
In the past year those of you who stu
died event3 through the press noticed the
tide of pilgrimage which flowed toward
the Eternal City. It was the year of jubi
lee, the year predicted in the Testament
when men should put aside thoughts of
.earth and remember they were the chosen
sons of Zion..' Last- year, when the jubilee
was proclaimed, tens of thousands went
to the city of Rome to venerate the tombs
of, the apostles and to pay homage to
the Pope. In olden times the pilgrimage
was a. serious affair; the journey by land
and sea was beset by dangers. To-day
the pilgrims have little inconvenience to
suffer. to reach the Eternal City. On ar
riving there they are marshaled into com
panies and set forth to the great build
ing of St. Peter's. Picture for yourself, it
you can, that multitude of men and.wo
men marchlnc to that holy spot. It is
the citadel of our faith; we have read
and dreamed of it. Now- we behold that
mass of humanity before St. Peter's. That
great building and the shrine of the apos
tles are secondary in the minds of the
pilgrims. Thev look out on a palace on
the hill. It is the Vatican. They point
to the two rooms which are the apart
ments of the Pope. He is the magnet
which draws these thousands from many
lands. A poor old man of 90 years is sit
ting In those rooms, but he is proud be
cause he is the successor of him whom
Christ made the head of the Catholic
church. For twenty-five years he has
lived there. He has never passed outside
this palace. The gardens of the Vatican,
about which so much is said, are no larger
than two of our city blocks. The Pope
Is no longer seen in state; he no longer
comes out on the balcony on Easter morn
ing; he no longer rides In his carriage
through the streets, because by vicissi
tudes of things he Is a prisoner in the
Vatican.
' "People ask themselves if , he is a
prisoner of his own free will. Men ar
range themselves on two sides. One class
says that the Italian Government will not
allow the Pope to leave the Vatican; the
others say that the Italian Government
will ¦welcome the Pope at any time if he
chooses to come out on the streets.
"The Duke of Norfolk, one of England's
great peers, recently spoke of the
restoration of- the temporal power of the
Holy See. j A scree'eh went up all over
the world and the Associated Press,
which represents all that which Is anti-
Christ, liko the Bourbons, cast slurs on
the Vicar of Christ. This Associated
Press ¦went to the gutter sheets of Eng
land and the Continent and racked out
all the abuse they flung against the Duke
of Norfolk and gave it to tho press of
America and of this city as the represen
tative criticism of the great papers of
England and Europe. The respectable
papers did not fly in a passion over the
utterances of tho Duke of Norfolk. They
realized that the Duke's act was like the
handwriting on the wall; that the House
of Savoy had been' weighed and found
wanting."
Father Yorke then described the
growth of Rome and the power of the
Popes who lived there for many centuries
and the struggles of the early Christians,
and continuing, said:
"The Church of Rome is a society of
men. It is not. a secret society. She is
wonderfully organized and she Is Catholic
because she Is universal. . The Catholic
Chufrch is under the direction of him who.
is the successor of him appointed by Je
sus Christ. The church is a reality of
the world which must be reckoned with:
She is spread everywhere, in all lands
and among all tongues. There are divi
sions 1 and heresies in the church, but they
go to prove the unity of the church. Like
the branch which is swept from the
mountain top by the hurricane and car
ried Into. the valley to wither and die, it
but proves that there is a mighty tree
somewhere which Is rooted firmly in the
soil and can never be overthrown. The
unity of the church must ha.ve a. visible
head. Christ is the invisible head and his
representative was left to take his place.
Thc visible head of this vast organization
cannot be the subject or under thc con
trol of any particular king.
."It is often asked why the Pope does
not come out of the Vatican, and why he
does not walk abroad in the streets of
Rome. . When Pius the Ninth died and
his body was to be burled according to the
directions left in his will his body was
taken at night from the Vatican and the
procession marched across the city of
Rome to the place of burial.- The Italian
Government stirred up the people, who
pelted the hearse with stones and tried
to secure the poor body with the-inten
tion of throwing it into tho Tiber.
"Why does not the Pope come out into
the streets of Rome? I will tell you why.
If a dead Pope was not safe on Roman
streets, do you think that a live Pope
would be safe?
"When The Hajjue Peace Conference
was called, all countries were willing that
the Pope should be represented there, but
Italy objected, and to the shame of
America, this country that boasts so
often about liberty and religious freedom
joined with Italy and England and shut
the doors of the conference in the face of
the Pope. Since then the bloodiest war in
history has been waged against England,
In high house and in low house she
mourns the thousands who fell in battle
or died of sickness; not only is she
mourning the death o£ her sons, but she
is scourged by just retribution' of Him in
the death of her who sat on England's
throne when the door was shut at the
peace conference In the face of the Pope.
- "When the Duke of Norfolk spoke of
the restitution of the temporal power of
the Pope, the Anglo-Saxons raised a
howl. They raised a similar howl when
the Italian troops marched into Rome and
tbe Pope became a prisoner in the Vati
can. They dared at, that time to howl
with joy that the tyranny of the Pope
was ended; when within a few miles of
them thousands of men and women In
Ireland -were starving or forced to leave
their homes for far away lands. Tho
Anglo-Saxon Is the Pharisee of the na
tions. They dare to talk of the tyranny
of the Pope when they slay the Boers,
starve women and children of the Trans
vaal, rape the women, of their enemies,
send their prisoners to the miasmatic
swamps of Ceylon or the burning rocks
of St. Helena: they dare to talk of the
tyranny of the Pope when they, are try
ing to crush a republic in South Africa
under the heels of their British cavalry. I
'.'The Pope can afford to Wait. The
eternal years of God are the years - of
Papacy. Popes have seen the birthplaces
of all nations and they will stand by the
tombs of the nations of to-day and those
to come. The rock of St. Peter ¦. shall
stand and the Pope shall rule when the
memory of the' nations which- hold him
captive shall be as a dark dream of the
night." -•
Declares Britain's Sorrows Are Betrl
bution for Action in Shutting
:,"• Door of Peace-Conference
"in Pope's Face.
Bitterly Arraigns Opponents
. of Temporal Power of
the Vatican.
FATHER YORKE'S
BURNING WORDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1901;
Fashionable Throng at the Wedding of Dr.
Cullen F. Welty of Cleveland and Miss
• Eleanor Wood. of This City in St. Luke's
COMES FROM THE EAST
TO CLAIM HIS BRIDE
John Campbell, Charged With Murder of C
Guy, Who Dies of Injuries Received in
Fight With Prisoner in Lodging-House
ROLLS DOWN NARROW
STAIRWAY TO DEATH
i" clared are not of a s*rious nature.
When seen ' at police , headquarters
Campbell gave his version of the trouble.
He Is a man of mature years and was em
ployed In the carpenter shop of the Ris
don Iron Works. Guy was a stone
mason, about 60 years old. and had hot
recently been regularly employed.
"I was robbed of my week's wages last
.-•Saturday night," said Campbell, "but I
did nq,t accuse Guy of having taken the
money. Mrs. Huser, my landlady, first
directed suspicion against Guy, and I re
ported the matter to the police and was
told nothing could be done for me. Sev
eral times In passing Guy's room I
gether and Discuss tha
Situation,
12
Pyrography outfits, cameras, albums
and books on photography in Artists' Ma-
terial Department. Sanborn. Vail & Co
741 Market street. • • '
Your Money I Mothers !
'-tyd&ir 1 7 \ WiI1 buy thc SwclIcst oS Here are /ct^ A
i ¦<. ~< -^ffMS?-? -" fc-jt^m^S. W± t ¥"> 1 Veil LJCS I Or* *rx s- ¦ ffl
fe- fj0\ R°y a ' Blue Boys:.
W^^^£^ -Serge Suits. Jt^cVlo^fs Jj^M^
/f a^Y>/~'f 4 <: iif that ffi iii Spring SiUt? miwh- "'
/' '*1*ii/ \ * SU71 llOr lC I lK*)\ f louWc-brea?iedW$£m'' 'j
/f - - : ili!ft'. \ elements af- /- i VJh style; trousers
it m SB 1 $2.98 II
Mb V / Little Boys'
M? fi Picture to Yourself Sh ; r . tees '
y&gL. • Like- pnp% wears, in QQ/V
AxgM The swellesb g\ Fancy Percales.
A PWAff 'S5? Ribbed"^ Bi * ck
J m.si M jkJ ftl |^ff r y- Ca> ' JoSviffi'AvE. , The 25c kind— special i j—.
1 per pair. .......;... i..-'**V
' ¦¦¦ , -/.¦•.-.¦¦¦¦"
ADVEBTISEMElfTS.
Most
Toungsters
y i ¦ \n^/?y
Fed upon
H-0
show their courage and
cut their teeth early.
. H _ o is
strength itself.
\^.
<^ *
The Money-Saving |
Furniture and Carpet
HOUSE.
SPECIAL DISCOUNT SALE
FOR THE NEXT 15 DAYS.
We will £« v e 2O per cent dis-
count for cash on Bedroom
SuitsandChiffoniersuntil next
Wednesday, February 13th,
When we will discontinue this dis-
count on Bedroom Suits and Chiffon-
iers, and give you the extra discount
on other pieces of Furniture for a few
days only.
Call on us and we will tell the rea-
son WHY.
Don't miss this opportunity to save
money.
All our soods are the latest designs.
Every article marked In plain figures.
Remember we give you 10 per
cent for cash on every other
article of furniture anyway.
•CASH OR CREDIT.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1015-1017 Market Street,
Opposite Taylor, Snn Francisco.
Educate Your Bowels.
Your bowels can be trained as well
as your muscles or your brain. Cas-
carets Candy Cathartic train your
bowels to do right. Genuine tablets
stamped C. C. C. Never sold in
bulk. All druggists, xoc
PAINLESS
ftf&f^fZ^^t*^ EXTRACTION
S15% GEARY STREET
Between Hyde and Larkln.
Telephcn> Polk 1HS.*
DR.MQNULTY.
n^ms wisll-ktows a:st> rkliablk old
.1 SpecIallftteurejBtotMl Poison, «ionorrba»u,Gip»W
»ii fc i%"' s ' reI "*l WwUnes*. Impotence and tb«lr
»»lle<l^Disorders. Uook on Dist&sr* of Men. fr*«.
P. v^. 2O .r* ari>xp ' r '* nce -' I>rn " r««iK»n«bi*. Moan.
0to3d«lly;«:S0toS.S0^T > rm. Sand»y».10to 12. Consul-
tation ttet and sacredly confidential. Can or addxesa
P. ROSCOG McXULTY, 91. D.
2Gj;Kearny»u Ban Francisco, CsL